War News t Continued ' on ". Page i 2.'
Cruiser Denver iioea Into Commission.
'PHILADELPHIA. May .5. — The
United 'States cruiser Denver, which
wasib'uilt atNeafle & Levy's . shipyard,
went into commissic-n to-day. The ves
sellwas --turned over to .Cap
tain Wilde, commandant of the League
Island navy. yard. ;; • I' llf fltt iF TTWBWI
PHILADELPHIA. May 5. — The Lib
erty bell will be taken to St. Louis.
This .was decided upon to-day when
both branches ;of the City Council
passed a resolution appointing a spe
cial Joint committed of twenty-four
to escort the Revolutionary relic and
appropriating $15,000 to defray the
expenses. The start will - be mad*
«arly in June. -*
Revolutionary Relic I»'to Be Sent to
St. Ixinis Exposition.
WILL EXHIBIT LIBERTY BELL.
WASHINGTON. May 5.— An im
portant conference -was held at the
.White" House to-night, at which "^the
general: policy '}. to, be by the
administration ihthe framing ol rules
and;regulations for, the; Panama canal
zone 'were 'agreed .upon." This,- policy
provides for;: instructions 1 * to ; be "Is
sued '-¦¦ by ' the President * through 'the
Secretary of War .to' the 'Canal Com
mission for the' administration. of *' af
fairs'on 1 . the'strip.^ following :very much
the,! practice ; in lvogue\ in . the ; Phllip
plnes/^yhereitheracts of the "commis
sion afeisubject to the 1 approval of the
Secretai-yjof '¦War. '.X
RULES • AXD REGDLATIOXS
f . : ¦ FOR PANAMA > CAXAL ZOXE
. * Persecution.
BERLIN, May 5. — The. Frankfurter
Zrttung reports that^RussIa has or
dered the expulsion of. 115 Jewish
families, numbering COO persons, from
• Xik/>Jsk. in the province of Tcshering
off. The majority of those expelled
,v«ere -born in the district and have be
come well-to-do. Their expulsion re
inoves them from a condition of afflu
* erfce to one of destitution.
• Tcsljeringoff. adds the paper, is
¦nithin the pale aiid the expulsion* is
accordingly an illegal and wanton per
secution.
. .Six I i and red Hebrews the Victims
of an Illegal and Wanton
JEWISH FAMILIES ARE
IMPELLED FRO3I RUSSIA
NEW YORK, May 5.— John Comstock
was fatally shot tc--day in a saloon in
Seventh' avenue and William Donlon.
26 "years old,- a bartender, is under ar
rest charged with the crime. The po
lice have also apprehended "Con" . Mc-
Vey. a; i former prizefighter,, and Nora
Mack *in connection with the case. It
is alleged that the. shooting followed a
quarrel over, the woman. ;
"Con" McVey, J. Former PrizeflRhtcr,
Is Taken Into Custody, In Conncc-
¦, tlon.With the Case.
QUARRKL OVER A WOMAN'
ENDS IX FATAL SHOOTIXG
CHEFU, ' May 5.— A . native Sikh -iof
British India, who left Port Arthur fa
week' ago, has arrived ( here. He, says
that in * the inner harbor /at j Port Ar
thur there are seven damaged Russian
warships, • including /-the//.. battleships
Retvlzan, Cesarevitch and'.Pobieda and
the -, cfu isers . Pal 1 ad a ' and ' .Bay an. The
small dock at the Tigers Tall i has been
completed.- /..-' - ./
: Civilians at Port /[Arthur are now ex
periencing; difficulty ¦ in ¦ obtalriink : food.
A former, officer .; of; the army
who has ; returned • here from Manchuria
is .authority '. for ;jthe ' statements, that
there?' 'are less :than .75.000.. Russian
troops/ including^ the^garrisori 'at -Port
Arthur arid'the*men-*on : ,the',Yalu/south
of; Harbin," and/,that: the Russians; now
occupy "a strongly^fortifledi position (be
tween i; Kuliencheng,' • and ',; Fehgwang.
cheng.:>^-' ¦•"¦':¦.¦.:''•¦:-/¦;,¦'/¦ ;/•'-'.'¦ - ; ¦' ¦'
Once Powerful Russian Vessels Xow
. * Idle- at Port Arthur. . >' //s
SEVEX DAMAGED WARSHIPS.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 6, 3:30 a. ml
Neither the • Admiralty nor the War
Offic* believes that a disembarkation'
of the Japanese on Llaotung Peninsula
can be prevented, as the guns -of. the
Japanese cruisers .could command the
point of landing, but* after the Japanese
arc ashore the Russians will strike.
What force they will be able to bring
up to resist the invaders cannot be
stated definitely, the strength- of ( the
army on the peninsula of. Liaotuns
having been kept a strict secret.
.It Is expected the railroad- will. play
an important part in the effort "of the
Russians to push the Japanese into the
sea, as it will permit the rapid trans
portation of trooDs.
The general staff . has not .forgotten
that Japanese ships were sighted, on
May 3 off Kaiping and Sin^tchen, on
the west coastof the Liaqtung Penin
sula, but these, two points could ' be
readily covered/"" if necessary, - from
Newchwang. '. *- •
An important: advantage would /ac
crue to the 'Japanese should .'they/suc
ceed In establishing themselves ; at
Pitzwo.- From there radiate roads'con-
A landing at this moment would
make it difficult for General Kuropat
kin to concentrate a formidable ! force
against General Kuroki, whose forward
movement is not yet reported. Further
more, once the Japanese -are across the
railroad Port Arthur will be as good
as besieged. ,
•Av member of the general staff says
that General. Kuropatkin is well aware
of these : considerations. Even -if the
Japanese should succeed in cutting the
railroad Port Arthur is now ready to
depend upon its own resources.
Dispatches from Tokio telling of cele
brations over the sealing of Port Ar
thur, it is stated, are premature, of
ficial advices establishing beyond ques
tion that the attempt of Vice Admiral
Togo on May 3 to seal the port failed^
• The absence . of press dispatches tell
ing :of the- fight- on the Yalu is par
tially explained by the heavy mortality
among-, the 'correspondents. Three of
the .• Novosti's correspondents are miss
ing and' IV is : - believed that they; were
killed, .while the- Russ, lost one of ! its
correspondents. \The other. Journals are
nectlng.with the railroad at Tangtitlen,
directly west to'south, with Sanchellpon
and Kinchow stations on the railroad
near Port Arthur, northeast through
Takushan with Fengwangcheng.
MANCHESTER. May 5.— The Dis
patch prints a report that John Mor
ley, the eminent 'Liberal member of
Parliament, has . become a Catholic.
The report, If true, is most surprising,
as .Morley has hitherto been thought
to. have had a decided leaning toward
the philosophy of Voltaire, on which
he. has written a treatise.
English Newspaper Publishes Surpris
ing Report Concerning: Xotctl Lib
eral Member of Parliament.
JOHN MOIILEY EMBRACES
ROMAX CATHOLIC FAITH
* Son of Joseph Chamberlain Will Re
v' main fn This Country Until
After the Election.
. "CHICAGO. May 5.— Arthur Chainber
lsfln. son of the former Colonial Secre
' tarj* for Great Britain, arrived in Chi
•cago to-day for the purpose of taking
-a look, at Illinois politics. Chamber
lain* will remain in this country prob
ably until after the Presidential elec
tion.
» "I am_ interested in your politics,"
saii Chamberlain. "That's why I came
over. I knew it would be interesting,
but I never thought it would be so
different from our own canvasses. I
"confess that 1 don't understand it and
vihen J. told that to Speaker Cannon
in Washington he said that if I did I
was better inforrr.ed than he was."
STUDYING AMERICA'S
- : ' POLITICAL CONDITIONS
John Downey, a laborer, was killed
by lightning at the oil refinery in the
east bottoms. The City Hall, the. Sa
voy Hotel "and. the building occupied by
Swofford Bros.' Wholesale Dry Goods
Company were struck by lightning, but
none of the buildings were seriously
damaged.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. May 5.— Thft
rainstorm that ended to-night was. oC
extraordinary severity, its most serfotas
result being the crippling of the city
water service. Much of the city Ix
without a water supply and the re
maining portion has a limited flow.
Strtet cars were delayed on nearly al!
lines by high water, and the new
branch to the Elmridge racetrack suf
fered a huge washout white 2000 person*
were at the track. They struggled
home afoot or in carriages.
The Kansas avenue bridge, over
whidh street cars cross the Kansas
River between the stock yards district
and Armourdale. is In danger to-night,
but is still intact. The Kansas River
is above the danger line and rising.
Electric lights are shut off in a large
part of the city.
A thousand persons have been driven
from their homes in Rosedale. Kans.,
and Kansas City. Kans., by the over
flow of Turkey Creek.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 6 (3 -30 a. m). — With .Vice Admiral Togo; hovering in the im
mediate vicinity of Port Arthur • and transports loaded with, troops lying^at'Pitzwo,' northeast v of .
that stronghold, Russia hasbraced . Herself for impending, conflicts with' the foe in which- she will
again play a defensive role,; this time, it is hoped, with better success and therefore with less sacri
fice of life, than in the engagements on the Yalu.
The War. Commission sat until 2 o'clock this morning, and at the close of the session it was'an
nounced that there was nothing to communicate to the public. It 1 s known, however, that the .Em- <
peror has been informed of the presence of a Japanese fleet off the Liaoshan Promontory the',
appearance of. transports at Pitzwo. The fact' that the two events occurred simultaneously may
have significance. If a landing should take place at Pitzwo it is expected that Admiral Togo's batr.-'
tleship squadron will -bombard. Port Arthur in order to prevent the garrison sending, reinforcements ;
by railroad to thetroops opposing the Japanese there. . ; ?:*&:
wiring to ascertain If, their representa
tives are- alive.
'Harriman hiked into the darkness.
Some' of ' ' Harriman's friends i had
heard^"; the -colloquy from : the balcony
but-had not; the heart to, intjurf ere. Fi
nally : they ¦ Interceded "with file" watch
man and j Harriman "returned to his
own. ' The watchman is still en duty.
ST. LOUIS,, Mo., May 5.— President
E.H. Harriman" of. the New - :> York
World's Fair Commission was sum
marily ejected' "from the -New- York
State building bya watchman who did
not know him. while a dinner given by
him to a party of distinguished rail
road ( men was in.course of -preparation
in the dining-room. ..
' Pending^ the of the
meal, Harriman. strolled downstairs for
a look at the building and the watch
man met him, 1 eyed him .with suspicion
and {told .him to clear, out. . Harriman
was dumfounded/ the watchman obdu
rate. Harriman said he was from New
York;, the watchman said. he. was from
Missouri .and' it was time, everybody
was out of , the building except the
parfy upstairs.;: . . "
The railway; magnate, began: /. ' ['
"I am Mr. Harriman— "
¦ .''Don't ' know any Mr. Harriman,"
quoth i the* watchman. "Hike." ,- .
Special . Dispatch j to The Call.
Greater Portion of Kansas
City, Missouri, Is Left
Without Adequate Supply
STORM INJURES
WATER SERVICE
Bombardment of Port Arthur Will Cover
Landing of Troops to Attack City
From the Rear.
Orderedt Out of a
World's ¦ Fair
Building.
j MISHTl'MEXKO'S COSSACKS • CHARGING .WITH LANCE AGAINST JAPANESE FORCE ON TILE ! YALU.
HARRIMAN
EJECTED BY
WATCHMAN
. In swindling operations during the
last few years it was said to-day mil
liens of dollars had been lost and no
redress ever been obtained. Incidentally
the names of millionaire turfmen and
capitalists have been mentioned in the
present crusade, as being backers- qf
bucket shop organizations.
A thorough house-cleaning is now
under way and purging of the most
drastic nature is being administered by
officials 'Of the various exchanges. Ac
tion toward. this. end has been hastened
by the sensational developments in ths
collapse of the Woodend firm.
The Consolidated Stock Exchangr^to
day expelled T. Hill Leary of T. H.
Leary & Co. of 41 .Wall street and
James F. Hale of Longley, Hale & Co.
of 52 Broadway. They were put ojf the
exchange for "obvious fraud."
To-morrow more expulsions and sus
pensions are expected. After a meet
ing of the board of governors to-nlsht
it was stated that important develop
ments had occurred at the meeting and
the results would be announced from
thfi I rostrum of the exchange at th'e
opening of business to-morrow.
charged ~ that there is a rin^
of sixteen large bucket shop»organiza
tions, with wire connections to all parts
of the . United States, which have con
nections, with the Consolidated Stock
Exchange, and it is even intimated that
they have succeeded in carrying opera
tions into one or two houses on the
New -York Stock Exchange.
NEW YORK, May 5.— Determined ef
forts are being made In "Wall street to
break up a ring of bucket shops and
stock swindling operators, the ramifica
tions of which extend throughout all
parts of the United States.
Special DisMtch to The Call
New York 'Change
Wars on Bucket
ullUjJui
.CISCO. Tex., May 5. — It Is reported
here that many persona were killed and
irrucfh property and live stock was de
'stroyed by a tornado south of Moran,
eighteen miles north of here. The wire*
are down and It is impossible to get
part-Jtulars. Relief parties cannot start
"on account of the impaesability of ths
•• rcS-ds. '• '—"
At Moreland. in Bhackleford County,
*Beverai persons are known to have been
killed. A tornado is also reported in
liarker County, near Weatherford, with
several lives lost.
."* QKLAHOMA. O. T., May 5.— A spe
cial from Bridgeport says a cyclone
passed three miles west of that place
this afternoon, going northward. It is
also reported that Cordell was visited
by a tornado and that considerable
property was destroyed. The wires are
down west of Bridgeport and the
rumors cannot be verified. No loss of
life has been reported. Efforts are be
ing made to secure communication with
iYi<~ sections visited by the storm, all of
wfcich are in the western portion of the
/"WICillTA. Kans., May 5.— A tele-
Yhone message to the Eagle from Car
•sien^Okla.. states that a tornado start
rd at Helena and passed through Tim
beciake, extending to Alva. It cut a
Tswath Fix miles long and one and a
Jialf miles wide, destroying crops and
some -rjuildings at Timberlake. Dam
' aping haii fell in that section, but no
lives were lost.
' CHEROKEE, Iowa, May B.— A tor
r.ado which passed through this coun
try to-day destroyed several houses
pnd" barns near Meriden. No lives
•were lost. A severe wind blew here
,<iuring the progress of the storm that
did the" damage at Meriden/ which is
eiz miles north of here, but no damage
>Va,s done in the immediate vicinity.
• OMAHA, Nebr., May 5.— The tornado
<hat struck Meriden swept a. path forty
' rods wide and a mile long. No lives
' v.ere lo.st and nobody was seriously in
jured. Following the windstorm a
•small cloudburst struck north of Cher-
V,kee; doing considerable damage. I1U
.Ttois Central tracks on the Sioux Falls
-branch were badly. washed out. com
pletely blocking traffic Telegraph and
. tetephone wires were badly damaged.
Xhe tornado that struck Meriden
passed east, taking a few buildings la
<5ts path. No one has been reported ln
•Jured or killed.
BREAKING
UP RING OF
SWINDLERS
Telegraph and Telephone Wires Are
.,Dpwn and Full Extent of Rmn
\ . Wrought Is Not Yet Known.
¦Storm Also Visits Kansas,
• Iowa, Nebraska and
.7- .Oklahoma Territory.
TORNADO
IN TEXAS
KILLS MANY
Homes Are Destroyed
; ¦ and Livestock
¦ Perishes.
NEW YORK. Hay a.— Afflicted with
typhoid fever. George Miller of WU
llamsburg. who has been anxiously
sought in connection with the filing of
his dead father's will, has been found,
.very. Ill, in the County Hospital in Sac
fjrs.mento,. i _eaJ- ..-t ,; .:.. - .- ¦¦/~-^"-:~ --""-^
* "Since the death of his father. Charms
Miller, who was a member of the whole
sale grocery, firm of Miller & Sons, at
his home at €85 Wllloughby avenue,
the law firm of Moftett & Kramer has"
done all that- was passible to find the
absent man.
Miller was of a roving disposition.
Three years ago, when he was about
twenty-five years old. his father de
cided to cut off his weakly allowance
because George refused to take an In
terest in the business or to seek em
ployment elsewhere. From time to
time the family heard from Miller and
about a year ago hi3 father received
a letter in which he wrote that he was
iU in a California town, but an investi
gation resulted in ascertaining thut
there was no truth in the statement.
A few days ago a letter was received
by a friend I of the missing man in
Brooklyn which contained the newa
that Miller had been ill for a month
with typhoid fever in the Sacramento
hospital and had been near death. Ilia
letter was at once given to the at
torneys, who telegraphed to the super
intendent of the hospital to give Mil
ler the best possible care and when he
recovers to send him back to his home
in 'Williamsburs.
Miller has two sisters to share with
him the fortune of his father, which is
estimated at nearly a million dollars.
Special Dispatch to The Call
111 for Weeks ani Near to Death
While Attorneys Seafclrfor
Him Without Succ3:s.
Share in Million-Dollar Es
tate Awaits George
f Millerin Bast
Friend Locates Miss
. ing Man in Sac
ramento.
FINDS HEIR
TO FORTUNE
IN HOSPITAL
• ¦¦••».¦¦¦.¦¦¦...-.....¦• ¦ . , • ..-.¦¦• ¦ -,<¦•¦
. CHEFOG, May 6, 4 p. m. — The expected landing of the Japanese on the peninsula, of Iiiaotung commenced yesterday (Thursday), acccrding to reports
received here from a reliable Japanese source. It is stated that the landing is being made on the eastern coast of the peninsula opposite the Elliott Islands.
JAPAN'S SECOND ARMY IS LANDING ON THE SHORES OF LIAOTUNG PENINSULA;
FLEET MENACES PORT ARTHUR AND STRONGHOLD WILL BE ATTACKED BY LAND
-'VOLUME XCV— NO. 15S.
TEX WE ATHia.
Pontcast mad* at Can Traa
cttco 'for- thirty hours endlnr
midnight, Kay 6:
San rrc^icisco and vicinity—
Cloudy Friday; fresh south
winds. A. G. McAPIE, ¦-
District rorecarter.
h THE THEATERS.
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANGISGO, FRIDAY; /' MAY, ; 6,/ ? 19Q4:
Alcazar — u Th» Profligate." •
California — "Tom's Weddlajf
Olft."
Central — "Dr. Jeykll and Mr.
Hyde.""- ''&->•!.
Cintes— Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Sorer Brother* la
London." '-.
Grand— "la Tosca."
Mechanics' Pavilion — Para Pood
and Industrial Exposition.
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tivoli — "When Johnny Comts
228X0111117 Some." lLONDON. May C— The Standard's Tientsin
t-orrespondcr.t eays It it> reported that the
Dowager Empress or China hst consented to
Kit for ht-r photograph in order that the peo
pl* niuy be able to worship the imperial
lmapr.' rs If d<>ne in Japan.
Continuing, the Japanese general
says that among the Russian prisoners
is a medical field officer. The Japanese
ordered him to assist them in caring
for the Russian and their own
wounded. .The officer obeyed and he is
now engaged . in treating the wounded
of both armies. . .' . -fi. '¦, ¦> '...-.¦
TOKIO, May 5.— A telegram has been
received here from General Kuroki.
dated May 3,. in which he reports that
a careful search of the battlefield of
last Sunday revealed 200 additional
wounded and dead Russians. He ex
pected that a complete search -of the
field would result in increasing this
number.
Japanese Searching Parties Find Two
Hundred Dead and Wounded.
ADDS TO RUSSIAN* LOSSES.
The. public meeting for the benefit of
the Russian Red Cross Society at the
Native Sons' Hall last night, arranged
by the Slav- American committee of
San Francisco, was attended by a great
crowd of sympathizers with the Rus
sian cause. Speeches *were the order
of -the evening. Judge John F. Davis
and Samuel M, Shortridgre were the
forcible speakers and . their remarks
called out thunders of applause.
Baron W. E. von Johannsen acted as
chairman. . Shortridge, dwelt at length
on the question of gratitude that was
due to Russia from America for the
favors .we had received at her hand3.
He said there were two. nations that
were liberators. Russia was one and
America the other.
Judge. Davis made a speech of the
most stirring order, which set the au
dience boiling with enthusiasm.- He
said in part: • • •
Russia's cause Is founded on justice. And
now to-day, when, according to report, she
has suffered defeat, . I want to be considered
on" the Russian side. ' The friendship of Russia
fcr us has been of long Etanding. and we
should show Russia that we appreciate the
position she has always maintained toward
us. In the war of the revolution she was our
friend, and she was also the supporter of the
Union in the civil war. ¦" .
In our war with Spain, when the Emjieror
of Austria suggested that there should be a
continental concert of all the European powers;
in regard- to considering the attitude that
America was taking in relation to Cuba, the
Crsr of llussla came out with a firm voice
and said: "'America is right. She Is only
fighting for Justice."
• When we bought Alaska we paid $7,5OO,OCO
for it. This was no gale at all. Russia parted
•with Alaska because »he knew we had the
right o it. Think of the enormous amount of
gold, minerals and furs we have taken out of
that, country I Why, the $7,500,000 would not
even pay for the value cf the icefields there.
To develop her country she seeks an outlet to
the sea. and she ehould have it. People call
Russians expansionists. Are -we not the largest
expansionists on the face of the globe?
japan Is not fighting for her independence.
Her war against China was a war of con
quest. Russia Is right in this conflict, and the
God of Justice will . see that th« Russians
Teach the aea: I hope when the war Is finally
ended to see the Russian flag floating over Port
Arthur. . • •¦- -
Great applause rewarded the speak
er's efforts. Others who spoke were
Dr. Victor G. Vecki, F. W. Byrod cf
the Grand Army, Dr. O. N. Orlow; A.
P. Bergerot, Bozo Radovich and Dr. \V.
J. Hawkins.
The musical portion of the entertain
ment was furnished by the Croatian
Tamburashi, led by. liar Spiletak,
Vratlslav Mudroch and a vocal quartet
cemposed of Messrs.* Grewsky, Popoff,
Krasoff and Kalneff. At the conclusion
of- the meeting Chairman von Johann
sen proposed that the following tele
gram should" be sent to Count Cassini:
To 'His Excellency, Count Cassini. Russian
Embassador. • Washington. L). C. r The Slav-
Amtri-?ans of San Francisco, assembled in i>ubv
lie maES-rr.eetlnjr, bes of your excellency to
pubmli to the ' imperial. Russian Government
th<? exi>re*Blon of their feellnirs of confidence
and. love .for th« .Rutalan nation, and, their
admiration for the splendid manner In whlrh
Russia hue assumed this heavy load • of the
white man's burden.
Baron W. E." von Johannsen, chalrmani
Rtv." Seb'attjan Dabovlch, orcF'.dent of Slav-.
American -corrrnt'-tce ; of Fan ; Francisco: Dr.
Victor ,G."V«kl. y$rr».tary Slav-American com-'
mKtee . of. San Franclcco. ,' \
Thpre" was a* unanimous vote.favor
ing, the sending of the dispatch. V
Slav-Americans Hold Bous
ing Meeting as Mark of
Tribute to Czar and People
RUSSIA'S CAUSE
IS JUSTIFIED
PRISOXEKS' BUREAU.
Russian Plan for the Comrort of Cap
tured «Ta;mnese.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 5.—Regu
lations for a prisoners' bureau, drawn
up by a special commission of the For
eign Office under the presidency of De
Maartens. recently president of The
Hague court, which decided the pious
fund claims, are practically finished
and it is expected that they i-ill be
promulgated within two days.' Com
plete information regarding all Jap
anese prisoners will be available. from
this bureau and communications with
the frisnds of the prisoners at home
will be arranged.
It is believed that a reciprocal agree
ment will be perfected by which each
belligerent power will furnish to the
other a general report on the number
and condition of the prisoners at stated
intervals, probably fortnightly, the re
ports to be made through the French
legation at Tokio and the United States
embassy at St. Petersburg.
Special Cable to Tfte Call and £•>*» y or k Her
ald. Copyright. 19O4. ty the New York
Fubllshlns Company.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 5.— This ha»
been 'a day of all-around emotions.
Early in the morning the crowds
around the official bulletins read Gen
eral Kurupatkin's admission that the
Russian loss totaled 2000 men. The
public here Is strongly pessimistic and
insisted that the real number was be
ing concealed, as are the reports of
the large number of prisoners who
have fallen into the bands erf the Jap
anese. The sensation of the day was
the arrival here of a Gensan telegram
announcing that Russian ships were
supposed to be in collision with the
Japanese off that port. Pendent to it.
in the way of keeping popular emotion
at the highest pitch of suspense, came
a ten-word laconic telegram, datetl
Port Arthur, saying the enemy had ap
peared on the horizon, probably for a
fresh attack. '•• #
Stock Exchange rumors are rife or
something further wrong. . Simultan
eously heavy selling orders came froj"
larg" banking establishments, wltn tne
result that 4; per cents went down a
point and a half. Then came a Berlin
telegram saying that Japan had bougnt
eight transports from the Bremen Line
— not very pleasant news.
It appears now that the Russian
troops were to have retired on the
night after the day of the Japann.se
attack, without inviting a fight which
was felt to be desperate and useless.
The rapidity of the Japanese advance
waa unexpected. It is accepted tn mili
tary circles that the Japanese will soon
be able, profiting: by the «ase with
which they can now tmng supplies to
the Yalu. to take one or more of a
half-dozen routes open to them and
reach the railroad. At the same time
a landing party may co-operata with
. the army. One has been novering about
in transports for some time ;>ast at
i Takashan or thereabouts. Liaoyang is
j probably their objective point.
It is expected that a renewed ?-om
bardment of Port Arthur would be a
cover for the landing of a fresh aricy.
The ground toward the railway is in
; variably mountainous. This will give
I the Russian forces ample opportunities
i fc-r making the Japanese advance very
costly during the ten days which is the
possible time for a strong division to
reach Mukden.
Grand Duke Cyril has arrived at Pe
tropavlovsk.
guns and those of regiments losing
their, colors and otherwise disgracing
themselves formerly disappeared from
the liBt. This was. the case of the cele
brated Immortal Hussars in 1825. which
participated in the conspiracy against
Emperor Nicholas. Only a few. years
ago the regulation was rescinded,
owing to a realization of the fact that
it would work great injustice in the
case of batteries and regiments forced
by circumstances to sacrifice them
selves, as was the case' on Sundey.
EXTENT OF THE . LOSSES.
No further official news has been re
ceived regarding the Russian losses,
but General • Kashtallnsky's estimate.
2000 men, is accepted as representing
practically their, full extent.
It i3 generally believed that the Jap
anese lost between 3000 and 4000 men.
This is based upon reports of eye-wit
nesses.
There has been absolutely no state
ment of the number of prisoners cap
tured by the Japanese, but the general
staff Is inclined to admit that 300 men
were captured, though the staff asserts
that it has no actual means of know
ing how many prisoners are in the
hands of the Japanese.
Not a single newspaper dispatch has
yet been received beyond the several
colorless telegrams from the Russian
headquarters at Liaoyang, which sim
ply repeat the official news.
Vice Admiral Dezbrazoff, who is to
command the first division of the Pa
cific fleet under Vice Admiral Skryd
loff. has left here for Port Arthur.
\The new Russian battleship Orel,
which ran aground on a sand bank in
tne Neva on May 1, has been, floated
and. taken to Kronstadt. Only a few
of her plates were damaged.
Viceroy Alexieff has left Port Arthur
to confer with General Kuropatkin . at
Liaoyang, to which place the general
will return Immediately after an in
spection of the .troops at Fengwang
cheng. Rear Admiral Wittsoeft, chief
of staff to Viceroy Alexieff, Tjas been
left in charge of the naval forces at
Port Arthur-
COMMENT OF THE PRESS.
The. Russian papers are rather spar-
Ing In their comment upon the battle
of Kuliencheng, evidently awaiting
more Complete details: but what they
say contains no traces of discourage
ment. . ¦ .
The Novoe Vremya says the days
of patience announced by General Ku
ropatkin have now begun, and declares
that the Japanese difliculties will in
crease as they advance. The paper be
lieves the chief danger now is in the
attitude of the Chinese, and says:
"Our diplomats must make Peking
realize the danger of Chinese violation
of neutrality. Russia must win, but
with heavier sacrifices a heavier price
will be exacted from her enemies."
The Viedomosti remarks: "It is a
Japanese victory. Do not let us seek
for a scapegoat. It is the fortune of
war. Glory to the dead and to the sur
vivors of the heroic fight against over
whelming odds. But the ; Japanese
probably would gladly exchange their
dearly bought victory for a successful
bottling up of Port Arthur."
The Russky Invalid, the army organ,
points to the fact that 6000 Russians
rnn * c ! a rear ard battle against 30,
000 Schoengrabern (Austria) in 1805
and a century later 8000 Russians
from Koupangrtse to Slnmintung and
Yinkow for military purposes. ., .
Shipping Locomotives to .inpanV
PHILADELPHIA, May 5. — The
last of, twenty-four locomotives built
in a hurry in this city for the Japan
ese Government have been boxed and
sent to New York for shipment to the
Far East. Some of 4 *he locomotives
have been sent to Japan via San Fran
cisco. At the request of the Japanese
Government the utmost secrecy was
maintained in • shipping the engines,
for. fear that they, might in some way
fall into the hands of the Russians.
LONDON, May 6.— Viceroy Alexieff's
departure from Port Arthur is inter
preted here to mean that that place Is
in immediate danger of . isolation and
that the Japanese -preparations for
landing are considered as confirming
the belief that Port Arthur has "been
sealed, probably by two of the sunken
ships which the Russians "failed to lo
cate." In this connection attention is
drawn to the discrepancy between the
Russian and Japanese accounts of the
attempt to "bottle" the port, the former
stating that it occurred about 3
o"clock In the morning, while the latter
said it took place in the afternoon. It
is suggested that there may have been
two separate attempts, each time with
ten ships. It will be remembered that
it had been previously asserted that
Japan prepared twenty, vessels for this
purpose, and if this explanation Is cor
rect the Russian accounts, referring
only to the early morning affair, may
be justified in asserting that it was un
successful.
It is supposed that the Japanese will
make a supreme effort to cut off Port
Arthur befor« the arrival of Vice Ad
miral Skrydloff. According to the
Daiiy Telegraph's Tokio correspondent,
to-day's Jiji Shlmpo says:
"Our fleet has not yet returned to its
rendezvous and is still engaged in the
execution of a prearranged pro
gramme."
There is reason to believe that the
Japanese intend landing their second
army at Newchwang upon the success
ful bottling up of Port Arthur.
The Daily Mail's Paris correspondent
hears that Russia has canceled its con
tracts for a supply of coal en route to
the Far East, which were made with a
view to the dispatch of the Baltic fleet.
The Berlin correspondent of the
Daily Mall asserts that the Russian
military authorities are in a state of
extreme anxiety regarding the chances
of saving the baggage of the Yalu
army. The roads are so bad that
wheeled transport is able to move only
five miles a day, and- it is feared that
the Japanese will capture all the stores
accumulated at Fengwangcheng.
Dispatches received from Port Ar
thur yesterday afternoon and from
Newchwang on Wednesday report no
change in the situation, and so far no
confirmation has reached London of
the Japanese preparations for landing
on the coast of the Liaotung Peninsula.
According to the Daily Telegraph's
Shanhaikwan correspondent Pavloff,
Russian Minister to Korea, has gone to
Peking for the purpose of endeavoring
to Induce China to cede to the Russian
administration the . Chinese railways
Britons Believe That Ad
miral Togo Succeeded in
Blocking Channel.
Eussian Populace Believes
Full Extent of Losses Is
Withheld.
Roth Russia and Japan Succeed In
Negotiating Heavy Loans.
LONDON, May 5. — Further inquiries
show that a Japanese loan of $50,000,000
will be issued next week. It will take
the form of seven-year 6 per cent
bonds, and the issue price probably
will be 93«4; the security being a
first charge on the Japanese customs.
The Joan will be Issued simultaneous
ly in New York and London.
Takahashi, the Japanese financial
agent in" London, said the money would
not be sent to Japan, but would be
employed .in paying the balance of
trade. He said that, in his opinion, no
other loans would be required by
Japan before the conclusion of the
war.
It was definitely arranged this aft
ernoon that half the Japanese loan
will go to the United States, and it
was understood that Kuhn, Loeb & Co.
would handle it in America. The Stock
Exchange put a nominal premium of
\Vz on the projected loan this after
noon. . -,
PARIS, May 5. — Persons connected
with the negotiations for the Russian
loan give the following statement^
"The loan is not yet signed, but' it
is certain that It* will not be long de
ferred. HottingTier, representing the,
French financiers, is now In St. Peters
burg arranging details. It is under
stood that it will be at 5 per cent for
five years and that it will sell at be
tween 98 and 98.50."
A representative of one of the banks
forming the syndicate underwriting
the loan said: - . " . . , ••••;¦ '
"We consider the loan closed -in prin-i
ciple, but some details remain to be
settled. The amount will be $200,000,000,
and, as previously announced, at 5
per cent for five years. The selling
pri^e is slightly above 98. The entire
amount has already been taken. Be
sides the French banks, a number of
Belgian banks have subscribed. The
entire issue will be made at one time,
not in three parts, as reported.'. .
"The main detail, which Hottlnguer
is» in St. Petersburg to arrange, is the
"denominations of the coupons. We do
not wish a higher coupon than $2000,
as high denominations are incon
venient V) negotiate.
"The readiness with which the full
amount has been subscribed shows the
solidity of Russian credit. This is
in contrast to the rate Japan pays.
She realizes about 93 for a 6 per.
cent bond after pledging customs,
where Russia realizes more than 98 on
a 5 per cent bond.** : •
LONDON, May 5.— A dispatch to the
Central News from St. Petersburg says
a rumor is current there that a second
battle has been fought at Kullencheng,
in which the Russian loss was 7000 men
and the Japanese loss 10,000 men, and
resulted in the Japanese being driven
back in disorder. The dispatch adds
that no confirmation of this report is
obtainable.
A Tokio dispatch to the Central News
states that after the steamships had
been sunk at the entrance of Port Ar
thur harbor the Japanese fleet bom
barded the forts and town on May 3.
The bombardment was continued on
the morning of May 4.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 5.— There
are persistent rumors of a naval 1 * en
gagement between the Vladivostok and
Vice Admiral Kamlmura's squadrons,
but no confirmation of the reports had
been received up to 1 o'clock this after
noon. The Admiralty says no further
news has been received here from. Port
Arthur.
There are rumors here, which cannot
be traced to a responsible source, that
the Russian troops in Northwestern
Korea have swoooed down upon the
Japanese below the Yalu River, win
ning a big victory. The. story; is not
credited.
PARIS, May 5.— A dispatch to the
Temps from St. Petersburg confirms
previous reports to the effect that the
Japanese fleet reappeared off Port Ar
thur yesterday and that an engagement
occurred off Gensan, Korea, between a
Japanese squadron and the Russian
squadron from Vladivostok.
NEWCHWANG. May 5.— Five Japa
nese tvarshirs, with a large number of
transports, have been seen, near Kin
chow Bay, on the west coast of the
Liaotung peninsula, north of Port Ar
thur.
CHEFOO. May 5.— Chinese junks
which have arrived here report that a
fleet of forty Japanese warehips and
transports was off Weihaiwei on Tues
day, steaming northwest.
»
PROVIDING SIXEWS OF WAR.
Tale of Naval Combat Oft'
Gensan Comes From Many
Quarters.
Wonts Aid In Preventing China Cast
ing Her Fortunes With Japan.
.ST. PETERSBURG. May 5. — The
effe'ft of the disaster to Russian arms
on the Yalu upon the Chinese is being
v^atched with keen interest and con
siderable apprehension. The Russian
Government appears to be satisfied
with the situation for the moment, and
Paul Lessar. the Russian Minister at
Peking. Is making daily reports to the
Foreign OfUce. The report received
from the Minister to-day contained
noth'ing disquieting.
- The Peking Government, according
to Russian reports, seems to be acting
in good faith and insists that it is in
tent un.on preserving neutrality. It is
turning a deaf ear to the appeals of
anti-Russian leaders, who want China
to throw in her lot with Japan, and is
doing all possible to suppress anti
foreign, agitation among the people.
¦Nevertheless, the Russian authori
ties regard China as a powder maga
zine. They realize the danger and the
necessity for constant pressure on the
part of the Russian Government. The
danger of an anti-foreign, movement
throughout the Chinese empire exists
not only for Russia, but for all the
powers, and Russia has at least three
times since the outbreak of the war
addressed the powers on the subject,
the last time being less than ten days
ago. The answers received uniformly
show a full appreciation of the need
of exercising a restraining influence on
Pelcing and all the powers are co
operating to this end.
RUSSIA APPEALS TO POWERS.
«
PORT ARTHUR. May 5.— The Jap
anese squadron is behind the Llao
shan promontory, south of Port Ar
thur, and an attack is expected.
Transports with Japanese troops on
board have arrived at Pitzwo, north
cast of Port Arthur, with the object of
making a landing;. ;
Pitzwo is situated on the east coast
of the Liaotung Peninsula and about I
seventy-five miles northeast of Port j
Arthur. It is near the narrowest part I
of the peninsula, along which passes
the railroad connecting Port Arthur
with Mukden and Harbin. Kinchou
Bay, where the Japanese transports
&if reported to have been sighted, is
on the west of the Liaotung Peninsula
and not far from Pitzwo.
It has been ascertained that twelve
fireships participated in the latest at
• tempt to block the Entrance to the har
bor. The wrecks of eight of these have |
been definitely located; the positions of
two others are not yet known and the
remaining two, unable to withstand the
.terrific fire of the Russian guns, turned
back.
The average tonnage of the flreships
exceeded 20U0 tons. They were the Shi
bata, Kokura. Asagao, Mikawa, Fudo
pan. Yedo, Nagato, Otaru, Sagami,
Aikoku, Totomi and Fakusa. the latter
of 3000 tons.
The Japanese displayed desperate
courage in the attack. The fireships, as
tljfcy approached, were divided into three
groups, all heading 1 straight for the
entrance of the harbor. While still far
froru the shore they ran on to the Rus
E»an mines and they were under a mur
derous fire from the Russian batteries.
Several torpedo-boats followed the fire
ships to pick up the crews of the latter.
- SVhen the first ship foundered the
crew clambered up the mast, cheering
for the Emperor of Japan as they went
"derail. From the masthead of the sec
ond vessel, as she began to Fink, her
fcrew waved lanterns to indicate her
course to those astern. ThAr small
boats, though soon riddled, did not raise
the .white flag.
A Japanese sailor who came ashore
at Electric Hill when summoned to
•surrender pprang forward with a re
;volver in his hand and died flerhtinc.
'Another Japanese Bailor, who was
pulled out OX the water, tried to throt
tle himself with his necktie. One of
the Russian rowboats which ao
prbached a sinking ship for the purpose
of saving her crew was met by small
a"rms fire.
I The Russian sailors showed every
consideration for the captured Jap
anese, wrapping them up in their own
coats and carrying them ashore.
One of the rescued Japanese officers
committed suicide by disembowelinK
himself, declaring he would rather die
than g-o home in disgrace.
This dispatch, thouph written when
Jthe Russians had had opportunity to
ascertain the location of eight of the
ten sunken fireships, makes no mention,
it will be noticed, of the blocking of
"the harbor entrance, as reported in
Tokio.. The first dispatch from Port
Arthur expressly stated that the attack
, failed to close the channel.
•
Point Where Japanese Are
Lundmg Is Northeast of
the Stronghold.
"Defenders of the Russian
Gibraltar Hourly Expect
ing an Attack.
Reason for Viceroy 'AlexiefFs
Sudden Departure From
Imperiled City.
One Report Has Seventeen
Thousand Men Killed
or Wounded.
Kuropatkin 3Iu|t Face Large
Forces in Front and. in
the Rear*
In connection with . the obstinate
stand %niade by the -Russians at the
Yalu, against instructions and in the
face of an overwhelming superiority of
men and. guns, an interesting bit of
the history of what occurred durine the
maneuvers near St. Petersburg last
summer Is being recounted, which il
lustrates this trait in .General Zassu
litch's character. He commanded an
infantry division and insisted upon
storming heights commanded by ar
tillery and in the face of a flre which
theoretically wiped out his command.
The judges were so disgusted that they
rewarded the blunder with a zero mark
against the general's name.
Under the old rules and traditions
of the Russian army the second arid
third batteries of the Third Artillery
Brigade and the third battery of the
Third Brigade, which lost their jruns
at the. battle o{ Kulienchener. would
have been stricken 'from the army list
forever. The names of batteries losing
It is understood here that General
Zassulitch has already been relieved of
his command for disobedience of orders
and that his action is under Investiga
tion.
Private reports are to the effect that
the fighting blood of the Russian sol
diers is up and that they are thirsting
for an opportunity to avenge the
slaughter on the Yalu; but, although
the commander-in-chief is greatly cha
grined at the miscarriage of his plans
on the Yalu, there Is no idea here that
he will act rashly on that account. His
decision as to the extent of the opposi
tion he will make at Fengwangcheng
depends upon the location and success
of Japanese landings in Manchuria.
Descents or attempted landings are
now momentarily expected near New
chwang and the head of Korea Bay.
Occupying an interior line and pursu
ing the tactics of Napoleon, Kuropat
kin's problem will be to prevent a junc
ture of the enemy's forces. It. Is neces
sary for him to await the development
of the Japanese plans and . ascertain
the direction and strength o'f the other
column, and whence it will come, be
fore deciding how to fight his adver
sary in detail.
TOGO MENACES PORT ARTHUR.
It is believed here that the Japanese
plans for concerted "action have been
embarrassed by their failure to block
the entrance to Port Arthur on Tues
day and a repetition of the attack upon
the Russian Gibraltar is momentarily
expected.
Vice Admiral Togo's fleet was sighted
off Port Arthur last night, and. Indeed,
unconfirmed rumors say he attacked at
daylight this morning and that fighting
is now in progress there. At least the
cutting off of Port Arthur, if not the
fate of the fortress, depends, in the
opinion of the general staff, upon Gen
eral Kuropatkin's preventing a Junc
ture of the Japanese forces.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 5.— General
Kuropatkin has gone to the front from
Liaoyang to inspect the situation per
sonally. Troops are being hurried for
ward from the Liaoyang and Mukden
line to a position near Fengwangcheng.
All of the Russian wounded have been
eent back toward Liaoyang, in order
not to incumber the operations of the
Russian army. "It appears evident that
General Kuropatkin is .preparing to
give battle to General Kuroki's army,
if circumstances warrant.
The'Novoe Vremya's expert says the
report of Major General Kashtalinsky
proves clearly that the Russians shouM
have withdrawn during the night of
April 30, and adds:
"Kashtalinsky foredoomed them to
destruction/ It was a miracle of hero-
Ism and fortitude that they escaped
after staying and Inflicting such tre
mendous, losses upon the enemy.
"General Kuroki probably has eight
divisions available for «an immediate
advance. This force will be joined by
General Oku's army when the latter is
landed. , The Japanese have every rea
son to follow the southern road, where
they will have the advantage of the
co-operation* of their ships. The roads
are less difficult and mountainous
through the Fengwangcheng: district,
but the Japanese must dispose of the
Russian force at Fengwangcheng be
fore they can cut oft Liaotung."
A high officer of the staff, who does
not believe the Japanese will make an
immediate advance in Manchuria, said:
"They are too careful to commit
such a blunder as to expose their flank
to the Russians stationed at Feng
wangcheng. I think they will fortify
their position at the Yalu and may
land troops at Takushan and hold the
seashore, but in no wise will they ad
vance across to Liaotung, where they
might be taken on either flank by Gen
eral Kuropatkin from Liaoyang and
General Stoessel from the south."
BLUNDER OF COMMANDER.
fought 40,000 Japanese at the Yalu.
"The Russians," the Russky Invalid
adds, "are accustomed to lay down
their lives when duty calls. The Jap
anese paid too dearly for. their victory.
It will take them days to recover."
TOGO'S FLEET
IN SIGHT OF
PORT ARTHUR
WILD RUMORS
OF LAND AND
SEA BATTLES
PORT ARTHUR
IS IN DANGER
OR ISOLATION
Russians Will Make Desperate Stand „ Against Kuroki s
Victorious Army Advancing From the Yalu.
JAPAN'S ARMY
TO STRIKE AT
THE RAILROAD
GENERAL KUROPATKIN MAY RISK ALL IN A DECISIVE BATTLE ON THE HILLS OF FENGWANGCHENG
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL), FRIDAY: MAY 6, 1904;
. Of all known : illuminants v electric
light is easily first from the^ hygieni.;
standpoint, since its light is produced
without sensible combustion. .'
SANTA ROSA. May .'..—The trial of Arthur
H. Smith of Kan Franci*co. on a. charge -of
paceiEg nctitiouH checks was heM to-day before
JtlMlce A. J. Atchinson. and the case was sub
mitted and taken under advisement by the
court.
l&capcd Convict Drowns -'in River.
BOISE, Idaho, May 5. — Harry Mil
ler and Charles Smith, convicts; '.es
caped from the guard to-day. Miller
was later retaken, being captured on
an Island in the river. - It Is thought
Smith went into the river with' him"
and was drowned. • : t
ST. PETERSBURG, May 5.— General
Kuropatkin has requested the Russian
Red Cross Society to supply 2000 more
beds for the hospitals a.t.the front.
Wants SCore Beds for Hospitals.
VLADIVOSTOK, May 6.— General
Linevltch to-day inspected the forts
and tioops and congratulated the lat
ter upon their appearance and effi
ciency. - • ,••¦•-:
Inspects Vladivostok Garrison.
2
Ch as. Keilus & Co.
jE x c 1 us i v e
Kjgh-Grade Clothiers
No Branch Stores. No Agents.
F.OR TROPICAL WEATHER
WE HAVE THE CLOTHES.
VERY SMART FABRICS.
•PROMINENT FASHIONS.
BUILT FOR COMFORT,
"OUTING OR LOUNGING.
STOCK NOW COMPLETE.
K earn y Street
T.hurlow Block
jUDVEKTISEMENTJL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Our special sale of last week was. an immense success. It
showed that parents believe our statements and appreciate our values, ifflm^
This week we shall haye another special sale for to-day and to-
The suits are made with double or single breasted coat, vest ;W
and knee pants as pictured. The goods are all wool; the patterns are -^fc«fe* W .¦¦ -
bright and new; ages 8 to 1> years; regular 86.50- and S6.00 suits . jfiBi^fe^^
If you cannot come send the boy himself— we will treat him /^^^^W^^S^^L-
right, and furthermore, refund your money if you are not thoroughly ¦¦
Special IVotlpe. — These extreme values are tor our customers. W^^^m^^^^^^.
Prepare your boy for summer-— buy him a couple of khaki suits.. R^B^&^S 1
They are just the thing for rough wear. " .^.}- : " . *fi|pl? !^il|§
We have them made Norfolk coats and long pants in ages 4 to S^lllf
Canvas leggins to wear with khaki suits at 40c a pair. MsMi
New style boys' Norfolk cap with patent leather visor in blue iBi IBSt
New assortment of cowboy or rough rider hats at 90c, $130, WM llPI!
goods. Address De- V»** j y V ,_ / y\^Jr^ later ihan Satur- Sickbed from life S3S£lv
pariment L • ¦ • 740 Market" Street ¦• day. : «
P' ""^ ¦ ¦•¦•; ¦"• ¦ . . ¦¦¦ ' ~ ! ; • • ' ZZ " ¦ > _, ; -ia ' ! ZZ "" "The Santa Fe" office reports the begin
ning of a big travel to .Yosemite Valley.
It will soon be extremely difficult to se
cure scats on stages. This is due to the
popularity of Santa Fe service and the
fact that their road lies directly, through
the famous California Big. Trees.
Information and folders about Yosem
ite free at 641 Market street; • •
Enormous Yosemite Travel.
Mrs. L. Werner and Mrs. Anna
Doyal both want the care of the ' es
tate of Elvine Werner, aged 12 years.
The girl is stepdaughter of Mrs. Wer
ner and a half-sister of Mrs. Doyal.
The respective claims of each of the
women were heard yesterday by Judge
Coff ey. - Mrs. Doyal wants Mrs. Wer
ner removed - because Mrs. Werner is
about to ;get married again; but the^
court * refused to make the change."
holding- that . if .Jhe removal of Mrs.
Werner. were desired the proper way
to accomplish it was to file a petition
to that effect. /. . - .
Qunrrel Over Girl's Estate.
The judgment of last Wednesday
vacating the writ of habeas corpus in
the case of Wong Leong Guey was
also vacated on the showing by At
torney Bell that Wong had complied
with the law requiring an appeal to
the Secretary of the Department of |
Commerce and Labor. Wong, has
been Judicially declared to be a citi
zen of the United States and may vote
at the coming Presidential election
should he so desire.
The writ of habeas corpus issued on
behalf of Ngr Gai ¦ Kow was vacated
and the 'petitioner remanded to the
custody of the Pacific Mall Steamship
Company. He had failed to appeal to
Secretary Cortelyou. Lyman I. Mow
ry, counsel \ for Ng, and the ; attorneys
for sixteen remaining.; Chinese alleged
native ; Americans,', for, whom habeas
corpus ",wrjts \had • been "i Issued, have
wired 'to Secretary^Cortelypu asking:
that their clients may be permitted- to
take an appeal, notwithstanding that
the time limit has expired, --- i»
United States District Judse de Ha
ven yesterday denied Frank A. Mc-
Kee a new trial. McKee was mulcted
$2500 recently for Illegally cutting
timber on Government lands.
Frank McKee Is Denied a "Xew Trial
nnd Loses $2500 for Illegally
Cutting Timber.
CHINESE AMERICANS i
APPEAL. TO CORTELYOU
.The Supervisors' Finance Commit
tee and Assessor Dodge held a con
ference yesterday with the attorney of
thft Sunset Telephone Company and
the California Powder Works relative
t-> the collection of taxes on the fran
chises of the companies named for*
1901. Dodge had put an assessment
of $1,000,000 on .the franchise of the
telephone company and; $250,000 on
that of the powder company. The
companies protested against paying
such a tax and the Supreme Court r3
cently ruled that the assessments were
entirely legal. The questions Involved
were discussed by the city officials
and the attorney of the corporations,
but no decision was reached.
City Officials nnd Attorney of Tele
phone and Powder Companies
Discuss Proposed Settlement.
COMTEK OX COLLECTION* ¦ . >; ¦
" OF FRANCHISE TAXES
Concrrssman Cousins Is lienominatcd.
CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa. May 5. —
Congressman Robert G. Cousins was
renominated by acclamation for the
seventh term by the Fifth Iowa Dis
trict Republicans to-day.
Wolcott to Head the Delegation.
DENVER, May 5.— It has been agreed
by the State Republican leaders that
NEW YORK. May 5. — Colonel
James M. Guffy of Pennsylvania has
been selected by the supporters of
Judge Alton B. Parker for chairman
of th» Democratic National Commit
tee. Conferences which have been
held between Colonel Guffy and per
sonal representatives of Judge Parker
here are given as the basis for this be
lief.
Gutty May ManaKe Campaign.
John Moody was tried before a Jury
in Jodge Lawlor's court yesterday on
a charge of assault to murder and was
convicted of assault with a deadly
weapon. He will be sentenced to
morrow. Moody had charge of the
monkey house at the Chutes and on -
December 30 quarreled with Joseph F.
Glllin. a watchman. During the, fight
Moody stabbed Gillin in the neck.
Moody Is Convicted.
Leading Democrats of the interior are
confident that the Santa Cruz conven
tion will not instruct the California
delegation to the national convention
to support Hearst. It is said that a
majority of the delegates will vigorous
ly oppose iron-clad instructions. Reso
lutions commending Hearst in a gen
eral sense and reciting the fact that he
was born in California may be adopted
without formidable opposition. The sen
timent, however, against binding the
delegation to the support of any candi
date seems to prevail in the Democratic
camp. There is a general idea that the
delegates to the St. Louis convention
should be left free to support Parker,
Olney, Gorman, Hearst or any other
candidate who may develop winning
strength. Ht is within the range of
probability that some kind of a reso
lution in general praise of Hearst may
prove acceptable to M. F. Tafpey and
B. D. Murphy.
It is common gossip that many of
the preeminent Democrats. of the State
will attend the Santa Cruz convention.
The names mentioned are 5 James H.
Budd, James G. Maguire, Gavin Mc-
Nab, II. F. Tarpey, Frank H. Gould,
A. Caminetti, Franklin K. Lane. W. H.
Alford, Nicholas Bowden, J. F. Coonan,
William T. Jeter, Isadore Dockweiler,
George S. Patton, M. V. Snyder, Ed E.
Leake. Mark Plaisted, J. C. Sims, R. M.
Fitzgerald, Jasper McDonald, M. F.
Cochrane, James H. Barry, R. Porter
Ash*. Donzel Stoney. Thomas "W.
Hlckey, Peter J. Shields, Frank Free
man and J. C. Ruddock.
There Is gossip to the effect that
Frank H.. Gould and M. F. Tarpey will
go to St. Louis as delegates at large.
Dr. Edelman of Los Angeles was
slated for delegate at large, but he
was defeated for delegate to the State
convention by Isadore Dockweiler. The
southern Democrats may agree on M.
V. Snyder for one of the delegates at
large. 'De Witt of Sisklyou and Balr of
Humboldt may go^from the First Con
gressional District.- Jasper McDonald
and W. J. Magee will probably repre
sent the Fourth Congressional District.
John J. McDonald of Alameda and
Keys of Solano are spoken of in the
Third District. /
The convention will be held In the
armory at Santa Cruz.
It is. thought that the panel will be
completed readily to-day, as the prose
cution and defense each have only two
peremptory challenges left. The open
ing statement for the prosecution will
be short and the taking of testimony
will begin at once. According to the
police no new evidence of the alleged
crime has been discovered beyond that
introduced at the preliminary hear
ing.
During the morning session attach
ments were issued for thirty-five men.
who are on the regular venire and
who failed to answer to their names in
the present case. The regular venire
was exhausted in the morning and
when court convened in the afternoon
the Sheriff announced that he could
make no returns on the attachments
until this morning. Accordingly an
adjournment was taken. In addition
to the attachments Judge Cook or
dered a special venire of fifteen names,
returnable when court convenes.
Gustave F. Ochs. an employe of the
Indianapolis Furniture Company on
Mission street, was secured yesterday
to serve as a juror in the case. He
makes the eleventh man on the panel
and it is thought that the twelfth
juror will be secured this morning.
Detective Thomas Gibson has prom
ised to place a witness on the .stand to
testify . in the Soeder murder case on
Monday morning to the effect that
Leon Soeder has confessed to the mur
der of his brother-in-law. The witness,
who is a man. but whose name has not
as yet been disclosed, is being carefully
guarded by the police. He will testify
that Leon Soeder went to him after
having committed the crime, confessed
and asked him how to go about getting
an alibi.
One specially Interesting scene lies at
Moorea, which faces the harbor fifteen miles
away, but can be seen distinctly from Papeete.
The pletur«sque formation pf the peaks; varied
and fantastic, reaches a height of three thou
sand feet, and the sunset . at this locale H
something to be ever fondly remembered. Then *
near at hand there la the Tnamotu group, from
which large quantities of mother-of-pearl and
copra are obtained, and the Marquesas group
so -admirably dealt with by Herman Meivllto
In his stories "Omoc" and ;Tvyrxe," which
detailed the life of these very Interesting In
habitants.
A hundred miles away to the northwest are
Raiatea. Huahine and Borabora, which are
In constant communication with Tahiti, and
two hundred miles to the south lies Tubual.
where the mutineers of the Bounty endeavored
to make a settlement. They were, however,
driven off by the natives, and subsequently
pitched thf ir camp at Pltcalrn Island. .
i The beautiful Cook Island group, now under
British rule. Is about five hundred miles t»
the southwest, and present Interesting 'exam
ples of different types, from mountains en
circled by reefs down to the coral atoll, while
there ere wholly remarkable Instances of up
heaved, coral formation. Of Samoa, too, how
much can be • said, but its wonders have be
come much better known than the other
Islands through the enthusiasm and genius of
the late Robert Louis Stevenson.
Farther south lies ¦ the oroudly Important
head of t*e " whole '¦ Pacific family, the self
governing colony of New Zealand, which t*
my home. Mount Cook, " Rotorua, Mllford,
Sound and ¦ Lake Manapourl present scenery
of unrivaled grandeur and are the delight of
thousands who visit Xew. : Zealand every year.
However, no further Incentive Is necessary.
The Government of the colony has taken ex
traordinary pains to open up the country, and
¦ won tii© difficulty. wUl > bo to keep touri*U
WHERE NATURE CHARMS.
The natives are most courteoua to tourists,
and particularly anxious to add to their com
fort or pleasure, a circumstance which greatly
enhances the enjoyment of. a visit. The scen
ery Is remarkably* flne and excellent roads are
open to the great precipices and gorges which
lie quite close to the coast. In one case the
mountain heights reach an altitude of 8000
feet. The ordinary native hut la made of reeds
roofed with pandanus leaf, but, owing to the
great success of the vanilla culture, many of
the growers have Invested their newly ac
quired wealth In modern wooden house*.
But even these abodes are necessarily pictur
esque for the foliage and flowers which sur
round them are of entrancing beauty. The
single and. large double gardenias, with their
pure white blossoms, are side by side with the
gorgeous flower of the flamboyant tree, and
nothing could be finer than the contrast be
tween the dark, quiet green of the hibiscus
foliage and the dazzling scarlet of Its brilliant
flowers. 62952
On the 14th of July of each year the fall ot
the Bastile Is celebrated with remarkable aest,
and from near and far the. natives assemble
to keep up the great French national holiday.
Holiday, I should rather have said days, for
the commemoration i» rarely finished under
three" days. At this fete the natives, now civil
ized revert to the most ancient of their rites
and 'customs and wear all the grotesque and
quaint accoutrements peculiar to great tribal
functions^. Many globe- trotters visit Tahiti
especially for this occasion. Including a goodly
number of the home loving French people. The
laws, of course, are of that country, and the
Governor Is always sent directs from Paris.
Although I have visited many beautiful
places in the Interval, my heart and I might
say my eyes turn untraveled to rny lovely old
Island home. It in amazing the comparatively
few. even amon* traveled people, who know
anything of Tahiti, which has been recognized
by those who have explored its beauties as
"the genuine Paradise of the Pacific." >
- Ever since 1844 Tahiti has been under French
influence, and this influence Is peculiarly ap
parent In the character and customs of tn«
present generation. There is a daintiness of
action a -gayety and a courtesy of manner
mingled with an emotion and enthusiasm which
form a delightful French ensemble.
NATIVES CELEBRATE.
Tahiti is attracting world attention
because it is in the dreamy South Seas,
land of rest and scenic wonders; land
where pulsing tides forever beat their
music and where the eye is entranced
as It falls on prospects of garlanded
crags and plumy palms.
People in search of an earthly para
dise go to Tahiti. This is the season
that attracts.
The Sierra took out among its pas
sengers yesterday, J. L. Young, the
well-known shipping merchant of
Auckland, the principal and pictur
esque city of Xew Zealand, to which
he is returning after a brief visit to
Tahiti, in which island paradise he
formerly lived for sixteen years. Of
Tahiti he said:
Tahiti, the Golden. Is the
Mecca for Men in Search
of ail Earthly Paradise
Witness That Has Been Se
cured in Famous Murder
Case Will Soon Testify
A very interesting lecture was de
livered last evening at the Occidental
Hotel by R«v. Father Charles N. La
throp to the Catholic Club on "The
.Liturgies as One of the Sources of
Catholic Doctrine." The lecture was
the last of a series of four on the
same general subject. A discussion
by the members of the club and visit
ing clergymen followed. The next
meeting, on. July 7, will be in honor of
the thirteen hundredth anniversary of
St. Gregory the Great, and a lecture
on hl3 life and work will be given by
£ev. Father E. F. Gee of St. Johns
Church, Oakland.
Father Lnthrop Lectures.
Leading Men of the Party
Assert That Resolution to
Instruct Will Not Win
TALK IN CAMP
OF DEMOCRATS
CLAIMS SOEDER
HAS CONFESSED
DREAMY SOUTH
SEAS ATTRACT
away, for the scenery of th* island Is the talk
of the world. Arctic foliate in the south,
tropical growths In the north, the colony la
on* of unequalcd variety and beauty. Ind**d.
my travels in two h«min>h*r«>a make me con.
elude that the Wanganul River i» absolutely
unmatched for beauty, rivaling even the Rhine
at Its be3t. Tvhil«- the unexcelled trout stivairs
and red deer drives make New Zealand a
sport?man"s paradise. At the St. Louis fair
the sDcrtir.s exhibits have aroused intense
wonder.
The convention will choose dele
gates to the St. Louis convention and
at the same time effect a reorganiza
tion of the State Central Committee
under the new Senatorial redistrict
ing. Th.e session to-night was that of
a temporary organization, which will
be made permanent to-morrow after
tile caucuses have selected a new
State Committee.
Tt was not possible to determine to
night whether there ere more Parker
than Hearst delegates holding creden
tials, but the indications point strong
ly in favor of the former.
HARTFORD, Conn., May 5. — No
opposition to the choice of former
Congressman Deforest of Bridgeport
as temporary chairman of the Demo
cratic State convention developed to
night at the first sitting: of the dele
gate*. It had been expected that Alex
ander Troun. -the leader of the Hearst
movement in Connecticut, would take
exception to the selection made by the
State Central Committee.
Connecticut Democrats Assemble In
State Convention at Hartford.
MEET TO NAME DELEGATES.
week he told him very frankly that
he would respond to any call which the
party might make upon him and that
If the members of the national com
mittee who are to be formally chosen
at Chicago believe that he ought to
take the chairmanship and' the Presi
dent wanted him in that position he
might be willing to make a sacrifice of
personal comfort and accept it. The
matter is now being canvassed among
the men who will be chosen by their
State delegations to serve on the na
tional committee and as most of the
selections practically have been made
it is probable that an announcement
will be made very soon.
ORATOR TTHO TVILL PLACE THEO
DORE ROOEEVELT IN NOMINATION
IN THE CHICAGO CONVENTION.
"In Washington the feeling among
the leaders is that Senator Fairbanks
is to be nominated for Vice President.
It Is practically settled. The only man
who has not agreed to it is Senator
Fairbanks, but he will^^accept and
make a strong candidate. He is a
very reluctant candidate, but he will
yield to the pressure for his nomina
tion." /
According to the World. Platt an
nounced that he Is for Elihu Root for
Governor. '
NEW YORK, May 5.— The World
to-morrow will quote Senator Thomas
Platt as saying:
Platt Says He Will Re Nominated for
• .Vice President.
•
FAIRBANKS THE MAX.
UK1AH, May 5. — The Mendocino
County Democratic Central Committee
met here to-day and elected the fol
lowing delegates to the State
convention, to meet at Santa
Cruz: F. W. Dooley. John C
Lane, John Flanagan. W. T.
Saxon. J. W. Preston. E. G. Case. J. 15.
Sanford. J. C. Ruddick. William Long
more. T. J. Weldon, Robert Duncan
and J. E. Pemberton. The delegates
go entirely uninstructed as to Presi
dential candidates. A resolution
pledged the delegates to use all honor
able efforts to secure the election of
Senator J. B. Sanford as a 'delegate
to the National Convention from this,
the Second Congressional District. A
resolution was also passed commend
ing the course of Congressman Bell
and recommending his renomination.
Mcndocino Democrat.'* Select Their
Representatives for the Convention.
DELEGATES UNTXSTRUCTED.
OL.YMPIA, Wash., May 5.— The selec
tion of a delegation to the Democratic
National Convention, seven of whom
are considered favorable to the candi
dacy of William R. Hearst for Pres
ident and three opposed, and the adop
tion of resolutions dealing with na
tional issues and containing an In
dorsement of ex-Senator Turner of
Spokane for Vice President, consti
tuted the work of the Democratic State
Convention, which cloeed its labors at
7 o'clock this evening.
Last night and up to the hour of
permanent organization It appeared
that a contest over the indorsements
to be contained in the instructions must
be carried out on the floor of the con
vention, but when the test came cooler
counsels prevailed and a compromise
programme was carried through with
little friction.
The Hearst men, who had been striv
ing for a definite instruction for their
candidate, contented themselves with
a majority of the delegation to St.
Louis absolutely unpledged as to Pres
ident, but tied to a unit rule, while
the Turner men accepted a strong in
dorsement of Turner for Vice Pres
ident without any definite tie-up to any
Presidential candidate.
Tlie resolutions indorse the national
platforms of 1S96 and 1900 and insist
on the nomination of candidates In
sympathy therewith. The national
administration is censured for alleged
extravagance and corruption in Us de
partments and for embroilment in Old
World controversies. The resolutions
demand a cessation of "militarism, im
perialism and coloniglism," and call for
an income tax and inheritance tax, de
struction c-f trusts and removal of un
necessary tariff walls. They express
confidence in the capacity, fidelity and
integrity of W. J. Bryan.
The delegation elected to the National
Convention follows: R. W. Starr. W. J.
Byham, M. M. Godman. E. C. Million,
John Y. Terry. L. C. Gilman, Frank B.
Cole. Henry Blackman, Frank Hogan
and A. J. Splawn.
the Unit Kale.
Delegation Xot Pledged, but Tied to
Edward O. Wolcott, former United
States Senator, shall be chairman of
the Colorado delegation to the Chicago
convention. A State convention will be
held in this city to-morrow to name
six delegates at large and six alter
nates. Besides "Wolcott, whose election
is conceded, Governor James H. Pea
body, Judge N. Walter DIxon and
Simon Guggenheim probably will be
named as delegates.
DEMOCRATS IX WASHINGTON.
Selection of Bliss to
Succeed Hanna Is
Not Certain.
Honor Falls to Empire
State's Former
Governor
SPEECH NOMINATING MR. ROOSEVELT
WILL BE MADE BY FRANK S. BLACK
THE SAN , FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 6, 1904.
3
.WASHINGTON. May 5.— It was an
nounced at the White House to-day
that- former Governor Frank S. Black
of Netv York would make the principal
speech nominating President Rooseveit
at the Chicago convention. He wUl be
followed by several delegates with sec
onding speeches, one of •whom will be
IJarcy St'.iwell Edwards, the well
known author and writer of Macon.
Ga. :\t this time, however, it has not
b«en determined definitely who will,
deliver the other speeches.
Concrete results of the series of po
litical conferences held at the White
House during the past, week have not
keen reached on several of the impor
tant topics under discussion. It was
vaid to-day by authority that thes<*
conferences are only the beginning of
many that will be held from time to
time before the Chicago convention.
The expectation is that a decision re
garding the chairmanship of the Re
publican National Committee will be
reached before the convention assem
bles, but that it has not been reached
jet is asserted positively.
The President ha? adhered to his de
termination, announced months ago,
rot to permit himself to be drawn into
"any contest that might arise over the
roraination of a candidate for the Vice
Presidency. Naturally he is interested
Irs the matter, but he believes that It
cugnt to be determined by the party
leaders in the convention, without sug
pestlon from him.
The revival of the report that Cor
nelius-N. B'.iss of New York is to be
chairman of the Republican National
Committee is based entirely upon-the
fact that there is now a possibility of.
Bliss assuming the position. The choice
apparently lies between Bliss, Gov
rrnor Franklin Murphy of New Jersey
sn<3 Secretary of the Treasury Shaw*.
J^liss has not been disposed to assume
>uch great responsibilities as would
rest upon th* chairman of the national
.fomnjittee, but he is practically the
•V.nly one. of the officers of the old com
rnittec now '.*lve or enjoying: good
•health.
When B'iw saw the President this
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABOTHXS OSBM DESTBOTEB.
Herpicide Xs Death to Dandruff Germs.
The germ burrows Into the scalp,
throwing up the cuticle in thin scales.
called dandruff, or scurf, and digging 1 at
the root of the hair, where it saps the
hair's vitality. First comes brittle hair,
then lusterles?jj»and dead-like hair, then
falling hair. and. finnlly. baldness. Ninf*-
tenths of the hair troubles are caused hy
dandruff. Without dandruff, hair will
grow luxuriantly. . as nature Intended.
"Herpicide" . kills the dandruff . germ,
leaving the hair to grow unhampered, as
It does with the American red man. Sold
by leading druggists. §end 10c in stamps
for sample to The Herpicide Co.. Detroit.
Mich. .
CASTOR I A
for Infants and Children,
Tha Kind Yon Have Always Bough!
Signature of C&Zyffi&c&K
$200 Reward
For the arrest and conviction of any on •
assaulting members or employes of :ftU
association or destroying property belong-
inr to them '- . _
- Report promptly to the Law Department.
Citizens* Alliance. 217 Crossley buildln*.
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
CITIZENS" ALLIANCE.
There is no other such deal-
ing in
A co&m flavoring extract! soda
as Schilling's Best; no othet
such goods; the goods account
for the dealing.
ROOS BROS.
Invite Attention to Their
SINGLE AND DOUBLE BREASTED
LONG PANTS SUITS
FOR BOYS AND YOUNG MEN
Exceptional values for young fellows of 12 to 19. All-
Wool Homespuns, Tweeds, Cassimeres; latest effects in l
Overplaids, Checks, Fancy Mixtures. Coats have broad
shoulders; Pants both regular and peg-top— some with
$1 OO turnc d-up bottoms. Stylish, &k *\(\
£ \^y — clever, snappy stuff : : : %M J| &&*
¦ ¦> 1— / i » 1. x* 1 I ilk I \ \J kJ i. Ep*'*S§
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Time for Your Top Coat*
The top coat is the proper outer-garment for Spring wear—both
Long, heavy overcoats are too burdensome at this time of
As the mornings are cool and the nights chilly an overcoat is a 'y&liPL
necessity in San Francisco. [^^^aLM^^.
The top coat is the thing— light enough to be comfortable, heavy 't^0X^i^^0^\
We are showing top coats in some swell shades of tan for $8.50.
We picture opposite one of the garments. The picture shows f£?i\
Business suits in elegant Spring patterns of all shades, single
breasted, iatest cut, concave shoulders, long narrow lapels and close- lllP^rf
fitting neck; regular $1250 suits at the special price of $8.50. WmSs
Two-piece outing suits in blue serge, light homespun, crash and '-^«H ' i^^^H
flannel; coats-— Norfolk with belt and box plaits or single-breasted; li^M / ISl!
pants— peg-top, turned up bottoms; prices $6.00, $7.50, $8.50, Iffiii/ fiPi
$10.00, $12.50 and $15.00. Wm 1111
Separate outing pants in woolen materials from $2.25 to$4.00. ?^^
Mail orders filled "^ 1 % A [/~\ /f~k g"l^ c« 4T**f\ Order from us yW&iag - fx^sl
Please address I • C^J* mence saving. Bjg^ .j^ro^^^
Dcpt.L. 740 Market Street moruy. fS=s^Royal Party Returns From Ireland.
LONDON, May 5. — The King and
Queen and ."Princess Victoria arrived
in London from Ireland this evening
and drove to Buckingham Palace.
Will Facilitate Landing of Chinese.
NEW- YORK, May 5. — Morris K.
Jessup was re-elected president of the
New York Chamber of Commerce to
day. | A letter from Secretary Cortel
you of the Department of Labor and
Commerce stating. that, in accordance
with the suggestion of the chamber,
every facility would be afforded those
Chinese who are exempt to enter the
country for the purpose of attending
the St. Louis Exposition was read.
WASHINGTON. May 5. — Senator
Quay of Pennsylvania is at his home
in this city and at present has no in
tention of leaving here. Hl3 physical
condition is such as to cause his
friends some anxiety. He is very
weak. and. while he occasionally
drives about the city, he Is accom
panied, invariably by his daughter or
attendant.'
Friends of Quay Arc Anxtoa*.
THREE MEN" SUFFER DEATH :
PENALTY IS TENNESSEE
They Are Hanged for the Murder Last
Aujjust of a Mountaineer and
His Wife.
WINCHESTER, Tenn., May 5.—
Henry Judge, Joe Delp and John Evans
were hanged here to-day for. the mur^
der last August of Simon Bucher- and
his wife. They were stolid to the last.
Delp previously made a confession, in
which he said Judge planned the deed,
his motive being to get rid of the
Buchers because they had the over
sight of some mountain land from
which Judge wanted to steal timber-
Judge employed Evans and Delp to
commit the crime.
Steamer line Temoorarlly Abandoned
PORTLAND, Or.. May 5— Scarcity
of freight haa decided the China Com
mercial Steamship Company to aban
don its Portland office temporarily.
Headquarters will be established at
Santa Cruz, Mexico, until September,
when the local office will probably be
reopened. ; The 11ns owns the steamerg
Lothian, Athol, Chingwo and Claver-
Ing. with an actual carrying capacity
of 25.000 tons.
School Censns in Stockton.
STOCKTON. May 5. — The school
census Just completed shows that in
the city of Stockton and the North
District there are 3557 children of
school age — between 5 and 17 years of
age. This is a gain of ninety-two over
last year's census. There are 483!)
children 17 years of age and under—
a gain of 105. - ~-,'l '¦:.:;¦
Railroad Men on Inspection Tonr
SANTA CRUZ, May 5. — Superiu
dent J. C. "Wilder of the 1 Southern Pa
cific, J. Farley of the maintenance of
ways department and Master Car Re
pairer D. D. McRae arrived last even
ing and this morning went to Opal to
inspect the work being done there
where the long cut is being enlarged. •
BtTTE. Mont.. May 3.— A Miner special
from Heler.a says that in statistics made pub
lic to-day the railways paid $707,247 la taxes
to the State of Montana laet year.
number of pastors refusing to accept
their appointments and of churches
refusing to accept their pastors was in
significant.
The world-wide scope of the work of
the church as represented in the body
was indicated by the brief review of
the administration of Bishop Moore In
China, Korea and Japan; of Bishop
Vincent in Europe; of Bishops Joyce
and Warren In South America: of
Bishops Thoburn, Warne and Warren
in India,- Bishop Hartzell in Africa, and
of other Bishops who have visited Mex
ico and other countries where missions
are maintained.
Three features of the last quadren
nlum were emphasized as standing out
prominently— the twentieth century
thank offering movement, , which
brought $20,000,000 Into the treasury of
the church for the work of education,
philanthropy and debt paying; the
open-door emergency missionary re
vival, which has inspired the church
with new generosity, and the blcenten- ;
nlal observances, which all over the
English-speaking world commemo- :
rated the two hundredth anniversary
of John Wesley's birth.
The American University at Wash
ington was strongly commended, as
well as the woman's college of Balti- i
more, which indirectly suffered severe
losses during the recent fire in that
city.
The relations between the Methodist
Episcopal church and. the Methodist
Episcopal church South were declared ;
to be growlngly fraternal and intimate.
A common hymnal, a common cate- j
chlsm and a uniform" order of service j
are almost ready for publication, and
these will draw the bodies still more,
closely together. The suggestion was i
made that some mutual . arrangement
should be made whereby transfer of
ministers and members from ¦ one of
these denominations to the other should
be expedited and made easy.
FOREIGN FIELD SUPERVISION.
The question of supervising foreign
mission fields— whether . by occasional
visits or general superintendents from
this country; by the residence of one
of them Irf a mission field for a period
of four years at a time; or by the per
manent supervision of a missionary
Bishop, whose episcopal services shall
be confined to that particular field —
was urged upon the conference as one
of, the most important questions to be
considered. The time limit in the pas
torate was referred to as one of the
matters which would claim attention,
but no judgment was expressed for or
against the proposition urged in some
quarters for its restoration. It may be
recalled that the time limit of a Meth
odist pastor was five years until the
General Conference of 1900 removed it
entirely, so that under the present law
a pastor is appointed for a year, with
indefinite privilege of reappolntment." It
is understood that some of the Bishops
desire a limit of some kind to be re
stored, but the fact that no proposal to
reirstate it was made Is taken as evi
dence that the Bishops as a body are
not ready to recommend Its restoration.
Warnings were given against the
current evils of the time, political cor
ruption, the liquor traffic, the tyranny
of trades unionism, the greed of un
scrupulous employers,, lynching, the
negro question and Mormonism. A rec
ommendation , was made that a new
chapter on popular amusements be
added to the discipline, admonishing
Methodists to- guard, their spiritual life
¦ and to avoid such amusements as have
a dangerous or demoralizing tendency.
The chapter is: J^^Jed to take - the
place of the pres*^ paragraph number
248, which occasu^id" much discussion
, at the General Conference at Chicago
four years ago. The address as a whole
made a deep impression and > was re
r*ivfd at the end with hearty applause.
LANCASTER. Pa.. May 5. — A big tobacco
warehouse occupied by B. II. Mowery & Co.
and W. R. Copper, dealer* In - leaf tobacco,
waji badly damaged by fire to-day and its con
tents practically ruined by «moke. A quan
tity of tobacco had been stolen, and It is be
lieved the place was set on fire to hide the
robbery. The Ions will exceeed $110,000.
BOSTON May 5, — A proposition to memori
alize Corigresa in behalf of Canadian reciprocity
was defeated to-day In the Massachusetts House
of Representatives. ' . . . "
The present, membership of the
church was reported as 3.031,918, an in
crease of 138,025 duringVthe four years.
The Sunday-schools include an aggre
gate of 3.124,644. It was reported the
Bishops had made appointments of
ministers to their work at the rate of
about 15,000 each year, and that the
Mrs. M. E. Roberts of Lincoln, Nebr.,
was the first woman to raise her voice
in the proceedings of the Methodist
General Conference. She claimed the
attention of the chair only to offer a
motion that Mrs. General Clinton B.
Fisk and Mrs. George E. Robinson,
women prominent in the missionary
work of the church, be invited to seats
on the stage. Mrs. Roberts was heart
ily applauded by the delegates and her
motion prevailed without dissent.
The reading of the quadrennial ad
dress of the Bishops of the Methodist
Episcopal church to the General Con
ference was the feature of the day's
session. This address is always a
composite document, the joint work of
the entire board, but it is shaped and
outlined and put together by the gen
eral superintendents in succession. In
the order of their seniority, each quad
rennlum. This work this year fell to
the lot of Bishop Cyrus D. Foss of
Philadelphia, who read the address.
Its reading lasted two hours.
It elaborately reviewed the statistical
lecords for the past four years and set
before the conference many of the cur
rent problems which the church is fac
ing. It • opened with an appreciative
allusion to the beauty, fruitfulness
and promise of the Pacific Coast, in
contrast with Daniel Webster's decla
ration sixty years ago that he would
not vote onn dollar to afford mail fa
cilities to bring the far away, worthless
Northwest one day nearer to" Boston. ',
Tributes were paid to the worth and
character and services of Bishops Par
ker, Taylor, NInde, Foster and Hurst,
who have died since the last session,
and also to the work of the late Drs.
Arthur Edwards. W. A. Spence. Manly
S. Hard and S. L. Baldwin, long-time
servants of the church, who were mem
bers of the last General Conference and
have since died. ¦>• > ,.¦
' WORK OF THE CHURCH. •
WOMAN WINS .APPLAUSE.
posed that the committee on * episco
pacy; of which he is chairman, could
sufficiently digest the situation as re
gards the question of more ' Bishops
between now and May 10, he could not
appreciate that man's mental condition.
He moved to lay the matter on the ta
ble, which was promptly done.
The speaker declared that he was as
willing as any member of the confer
ence to extend the right hand of fel
lowship to the colored delegates, but
he believed that the race question had
been brought before the General Con
ferences entirely too often and he hoped
that the present conference would see
an end to this agitation. He was will
ing, he said, to see any man elevated
to episcopal honors, regardless of color,
when that man should attain to such
worth and distinction as would war
rant this high recognition.
A resolution was offered by the Rev.
Horace Jacobs of the Central Pennsyl
vania Conference to request the pub
lishers of the Daily Christian Advo
cate, the official organ oi the confer
ence, to withdraw from its advertising
columns all reference to Sunday news
papers. One of the publishers of . the
Advocate gave assurance to the con
ference that If the resolution should be
withdrawn there would be no further
cause for complaint on that score,
which was taken to mean that Sunday
newspaper advertisements would not be
accepted hereafter. . ... ... ...
A motion by a delegate to- have the
committee on episcopacy report on May
10 as to the number of Bishops to be
elected brought out the first speech
from Dr. J. M. Buckley of New York.
Dr. Buckley is a great favorite - with
the delegates, and whenever he rises to
speak he is given hearty applause and
listened to with" the greatest attention.
' Dr. Buckley .said, that if. anybody sup-
QUESTION OF RACE.
Charles P. McClelland bf New York,
lay delegate, spoke in opposition to Dr.
EUiott'B resolution. Mr. McClelland
said he was very sorry that this reso
lution was offered at this time; that
If the church had reached a crisis in
its relations with the colored
It was brought about by just "such
resolutions as this.
The conference had its first taste of
debate at this afternoon's session, and
if it may be considered as forecasting
what is to follow the delegates will
hear some very interesting discussion
between the oratorical leaders before
the conference closes.
. Dr. George Elliott- of Detroit, Mich.,
presented a memorial to the effect that
the committee on episcopacy consider
the advisability of the election of a col
ored Bishop. In speaking to the mo
tion he said that he believed the Meth
odist Episcopal church had reached a
crisis in its relations with the colored
race. He continued:
If we are to hold the 300,000 colored mem
bership we now hare we ought to give them
¦ome sort of leadership which they understand
and trust and which under«tands them. If at
any time In the future our colored people should
go from us to set up housekeeping by them
eelve«, which God forbid, they could so with
some assurance and confidence if they had in
telligent and trustworthy leaders.
ORATORY IN PROSPECT.
The various committees, wherein will
occur most of the contests on many
Important subjects to be brought be
fore the conference, performed no work
to-day. Some of them got together
during the early morning hours and
elected their respective chairmen and
secretaries, but as there was no busi
ness before them adjournments were
taken until to-morrow. Beginning to
morrow the General Conference will
hold sessions only in the morning, thus
allowing the delegates to give their at
tention during the afternoon to com
mittee work.
LOS ANGELES. May 5.— The Metho
dist General Conference held two ses
sions to-day, the morning one being de
voted \o the reading of the quadrennial
address of the Board of Bishops of the
Methodist Episcopal church to the Gen
eral Conference, and the afternoon to
the receipt and reference of memorials
from the various annual conferences.
The morning session was presided over
by Bishop Henry W. Warren, and the
afternoon session by Bishop J. W. Wal
den.
OGDEN. Utah, May 5.— No trace has
been found of Lennox, the condemned
Butte murderer, who escaped from a
supposed deputy sheriff near Ogden on
Tuesday night while en route from Ne
vada, where it was reported he had
been captured. ' ,
Sheriff Quinn of Butte. who came
here to take charge of the prisoner, and
the local police are now of the opin
ion that 'the Butte department has
been made the victim of a hoax, and
that not only had Lennox not been cap
tured, but that FKzmlller was not an
officer and that the whole scheme was
concocted to obtain money. Fiwmlller
disappeared yesterday and has not been
since seen.
Tale of Murderer Leaping From Mov
ing Train With His Captor
an Invention.
SHERIFF OF BUTTE
VICTIM OF- A HOAX
PROMINENT PRELATES AND A CLERGYMAN "WHO ARE TAKING AN ACTIVE |
PART IN THE METHODIST EPISCOPAL GENERAL CONFERENCE WHICH
IS BEING HELD IN LOS ANGELES. . v- J
Forehold of the Disabled Vessel Is
Full of Water and Her Position
Is Considered Dangerous.
LISBON. May 6. — The German
Mail steamship Kurfurst, from Zan
zibar April 14, is ashore four miles
northward of Sagres. The forehold
of. the steamship is full of water and
her position is dangerous.
GERMAN MAIL STEAMSHIP
GOES ASHORE NEAR SAGRES
LIVINGSTON, Mont., May 5.— It is the
I intention of the Government to sow a
i large tract of land in the Yellowstone
! National Park near Gardiner in alfalfa
for the purpose of feeding the park elk
and wild animals in that neighborhood
during the winter months because of
the scarcity of feed in the park.
A large irrigating canal for the irri
gation of the- tract will be taken out of
the Gardiner River.
Government Will Sow Alfalfa for the
Purpose of Feeding the Animals
During Winter Months.
YELLOWSTONE PARK ELK
TO RECEIVE ATTENTION
HONOLULU, May 5.— Thomas I. Dil
lon who a number of years ago was
assistant City and County Attorney of
San Francisco, was arrested to-day on
a warrant from the Federal court
charging him with the embezzlement of
$750 while acting as trustee in bank
ruptcy in the case of a Japanes© named
Kajita.' ' . •
Thomas I. Dillon, an Attorney Well
Known Here, Is Accused of Em
bezzling Bankruptcy Funds.
FORMER SAN FRANCISCAN
IS ARRESTED IN HONOLULU
Former Premier of France Undergoes
Operation for the Removal of
Cancer.
PARIS, May 5. — Waldeck-Rousseau,
the former Premier of France, was
operated upon to-day. Although the
bulletin issued by the surgeons says
that the result seems satisfactory, seri
ous apprehensions have been aroused
over his condition. The physicians do
not disclose their diagnosis of the dis
ease, but it is now understood to be
cancer of the intestines.
WALDECK-ROUSSEAU'S
CONDITION IS SERIOUS
The case decided was the claim of
Warner. Barnes & Co., a British cor
poration, which sued the United States
for SSI. 126. Other claims resting on
exactly the same foundation aggregate
between $7,000,000 and $8,000,000.
By the decision this amount will be
saved to the Government.
WASHINGTON. May 5. — The Court
of Claims to-day decided that duties
collected on goods shipped from the
United States to the Philippines after
the treaty of peace with Spain and be
fore the establishment of civil govern
ment were rightfully collected, al
though by military authority and not
by law.
Decides That the Government Right
fully Collected Duties In the Dis
puted Philippine, Cases.
COURT OF CLAIMS GIVES
JUDGMENT FOR UNCLE SAM
IIERMOSILLO, Mexico, May 5. —
Governor Tsabel of Sonora and a de
tachment of the Eleventh Battalion
eruarding fifty Yaqul prisoners have
Just returned from the front with the
Crst complete reports of the taking
of - the town of Rayon and the eubse
<j«ex;t overwhelming defeat of the In
dians at Agua Escondido and advan
tageous points In the San Horcasitas
which they had fortified.
The Indians had fled to Apia Es
. condido. their last resort, and there
renewed negotiations for surrender.
One of their leaders met General
•Torres at the Gava Linda hacienda,
but the Indians insisted upon the re
scinding of the deportation order and
General Torres refused to consider
their terms.
When all efforts to effect a surren
der without a battle had been con
cluded Torres and Ysabel at the head
of the cavalry, infantry and rurales
advanced upon the Yaqui stronghold.
The Mexican troops charged up the
hill in the face of the Yaqui fire and
the Indians were surrounded in their
own naturnl fortification, which they
considered impregnable. Torres could
not maintain his advantage, however,
anfl all but fifty of the Yaquls es
caped up a canyon.
The Indians left a dozen dead and
many dying on the field. Governor
Ysabel estimates that the wounded
prisoners left behind number two
• score. The Eleventh Battalion lost
three killed and the Fifth Cavalry had
'one trooper shot, while many wound
ed "are being brought into Hermosillo.
The defeat of the Yaquis was com
plete and It is not thought that they
* will make any further resistance.
Special Dlsj>atch to Th* Call.
Secretary Taft will probably effect
this wholesale promotion through a
blanket order affecting all the officers
bo benefited. Much scanning of records
Is necessary, however, as it is expressly
stipulated that the service in the Civil
War must have been creditable.
The War Department is not much in
clined to regard ordinary breaches of
discipline not serious enough to merit
court-martial as detracting . from a
creditable record.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON. May 5.— Several hun
dred retired army officers will soon be
gin to draw increased pay as the fruits
of wholesale legislation by the last
Congress. Judge Advocate General Da
vis: has rendered aa opinion to Secre
tary Taft that those officers below the
rank of brigadier general who served
creditably in the Civil War and have
since been retired may at once be given
the rank and pay of the next higher
grade, as provided by the army appro
priation bill. Those who served in the
Civil War and shall hereafter be re
tired will be given the rank and pay
of the next higher grade when they
leave the active list.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Desperate Engagement Is
Said to Have Marked Clos
ing of Strife in Sonora
A letter was received to-day from
Prfnce Kalanianaole of Hawaii, an
nouncing that former Queen Liliuokal
ani. Princess Kalanianaole and himself
would arrive within a few days to
spend several weeks visiting the expo
sition.
The feature of I to-day's programme
was the dedication of the German
building, which was attended by Prince
Hohenlohe, the Princess Elizabeth Ho
henlohe, his sister; Prince Ratibor,
cousin of Prince Hohenlohe; the Prin
cess Ratibor. sister of Prince Ratibor,
and Prince Victor Ratibor, the latter s
nephew. Several members of the royal
party will proceed to California after
visiting the exposition for several days.
The reception to-day was held in the
Hall of Oak, which contains the bronze
Btatues of former Emperors and reign
ing Princes of Germany. Dr. Theodore
Lewald, the German Commissioner to
the World's Fair, received the guests.
The French section in the Fine Arts
Palace was formally opened to-day.
The guests were received by M. Andre
Sagllo. French Commissioner of Fine
Arts, who delivered a brief . address.
Sir Cheng Tung Liang Cheng, Min
ister of China to the United States,
arrived in St. Louis from Washington
to-day to attend the banquet to be
given Friday night by Prince Pu Lun,
Imperial Chinese Commissioner Gen
eral to the World's Fair.
Instead of having places for. mere ealarlad
employes, the various departments of the expo
sition are now every day rapidly reducing the
number heretofore employed. Very soon hun
dreds will have been laid off. 'By making this
fact generally known the press will save many
worthy people from , wasting their time ana
money and at the same time confer a. favor on
much worried exposition chiefs. A false notion
that there are still vanacles to be filled In the
service of the exposition is bringing many
young nople from a distance to be disappointed
In their hope of enjoying the exposition on a
free pass and a comfortable salary.
ST. LOUIS,- May 5. — The maximum
of laborers employed on the World's
Fair grounds has been reached and
from now on the number will be di
minished dally as the exposition ap
proaches completion.
Secretary Stevens to-night made the
following statement:
Dedication of the German
Building Is Attended by
Prince Hohenlohe's Party
Measure Only Affects Those
Who Made Creditable Eec
ords During the Civil War
ST0EM FORTIFICATION
MANY TO BE PE0M0TED
MANY E0YAL VISITOES
Dozen Indians Are Killed,
Four Mexicans Fall and
Many Reported Wounded
Eetired Officers to Benefit
by the Appropriation Bill
Passed by Last Congress
Secretary Announces That
All Departments Are Ee
ducing Number of Help
TORRES' TROOPS
CRUSH YAQUIS
NO VACANCIES
AT EXPOSITION
INCREASED PAY
FOR ARMY MEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 6, 1904.
exhaustive Review of the Progress of the
Church Is Read to the* General Con
' ference Now in Session at Los Angeles
METHODIST BISHOPS PRESENT
THEIR QUADRENNIAL ADDRESS
4
?DVXBTISE]O!2IT8k
ADVEBTISEMENTS*
DOAIPS KIDNEY PILLS.
Plenty of evidence to prove this.
Mrs. H. Smith of 168 Linden avenue
says: "My daughter complained every
now "and then for about a year % of pain
through the small of her back. Besides
that, she had very marked symptoms of
either weakened or excited kidneys. Any
overexertlon brought on an attack, and
if, she contracted a cold aggravation was
sure to follow. I • advised her to try
Doan f s Kidney Pills, and she commenced
their use. They were prompt in their
action, and a continuation of the treat-
ment for a 1 short time stopped the pain
In . her. back j and improved; her health in'
every way. Doan's .Ointment has also
been tried In my family and beneficial re-
sults undoubtedly, followed its use."' ¦
For sale by all dealers. Price 50 cents.
Foster-Milburn Co.; Buffalo. NV Y.. sole
agents for the-U*ted States. \\ -..':
Remember the •lame, Doan's. and take
no substitute. ¦-. • ¦ ¦¦-.¦¦-.*¦ .-¦;¦¦.
ACT QUICKLY.
Do the right tbtnff at the right time.
Act quickly in times of danger. -
Backache is kidney danger.
Poan'H Kidney Pills act quickly.
Cure all distressing, dangerous kidney
Belay Has Been Danjreroui in Ban
"• • • Francisco.
A "D VrTR-TIS'F'"ip gTrra -
| The Tailoring House •
| Making San Francisco Famous! .
| SCOTCH PLAID TAILORS |
| SPECIAL SALE |
| For Friday/ Saturday and Monday. S
I Saturday— SilK Lined •
I Friday and Monday— Extra Pants |
§ Free of Charge With Every Suit or J
• Overcoat. 2
e ===== . •
I Scotch Plaid Tailors |
S i 1009 MARKET STREET. j
S OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS UNTIL 10 O'CLOCK. &
jGordesIfopniiupe cs I
/^^¦^ "' ¦ ¦ ¦ ' " ..... .--- -"¦"¦¦ _ "*T^
1 SH1HC h^dSM^^^M m.
iTbTB^gMl EilsJHI 1111111 m
I Ky= -*i-j fi-3 fcia £«8 £3 = fi^^*S§2!~Eii?s9
igONTHESQIIARF^
EKAMEL BED — Heavy uprights, TXBES-PXSCB BEDROOM BUTT —
.*. iron .id. and end rail., meekly g^ " D * rM <f£. ftS puSTSSX
curved Clllnr. heavy cntil*. an «xce«4inglr Two top drawer* serpenUne. Ci)i» «fi
graceful drelsn at a price Impossible to Price O^vFatJVf
gg^>:*! i j??: 64.75 DRAPERIES.
—' ' A nnrrr Ecru and white, NOTTINGHAM
CAKHcI^. liAcn: cubtaxks. Full width. 2
A maFitflcent etock of eprteg ««lrn*. 25* Rococo a §or«er8. c; I f|||
Pattern* to please the most fa«tidioa« taate. Price, per pair <J7 I • Wf
Call &nd inspect. Ton will find the prices CORDED DEKTELLE, ARABIA IT
* rieht A few trx-cia.li from oar Rug De- LACE CTJBTAIKS. Full Width. 3 H
nsm. a xe »~v yanU Ionjf gonie exquisite £rO *7 EZ
pamnent : - pattern*. Price, per pair <U -6 • € t»
SZXTSJTA *VQ— All-wopL 30x60 P0 BTTEB,ES— Choice of four col-
Inches. Fringed at both end*. Oriental ora. Full three yard* Ion*. 60 lnche» wide.
atfS«ssi.;| .'.si.85 "*"""' is^s
ace room. Several beautiful Q I A *7Pi cholc* patterns. ¦'" C « ¦¦ "7 C* >
pattern* to edect from. Price Qlt**t/ Each Q ? • i O
p||jiir M" you cannot go to
W$ one of those matchless suburban home l»fj
|jg lots to be sold at auction. This tract" l|||
IB-- .-track' railroad and* coming electric road. *Hj
HHk une Q ua^ e(^- The only ch3nce to secure JS
Iptlijk that nobie property at first cost. J0^.:|
llp^gk Special train leaves -10:15 a.m. Jffi^fr'-I
BgSMj^C^gV. S* 3 MABKXT STREET. V \The Board of Health has petitioned
the Board of Supervisors to amend
the building ordinance so that the
floors of cellars five feet or more in
height shall be constructed of con
crete or material of such character as
will- effectually prevent rats j from
gaining access. , > *> .
Want Rat-Proof Cellars.
• The Journeymen Butchers' Protective
and Benevolent -Association has com
pleted arrangements for its picnic to
be held at El Campo next Sunday. An
attractive' feature of the affair' will be
the large number of gate prizes to be
awarded. The picnic is In charge o*
the committee: John Pacht
ner "(chairman). Frank Krauer. Charted
Weisheimer, John Danz and James
Howard. . ..
Journeymen Butchers' Picnic.
Crocker Estate Conveys Property for
Terminals ; in This '. City, and San
¦ Mateo ' County.
A deed .was recorded : yesterday
whereby the, Crocker Estate Company
sells to;the Southern Pacific Company
certain j property in Visltaclon- Valley
for $10 and other considerations not
mentioned. % . *. V
The property consists of 5.35 acres
in this city and 13.41 acres of marsh
lands in San Mateo County.
The right to ; construct tunnels,
tracks and depots is also granted in
the conveyance.
The, land will be utilized by 5 the
company for terminals In connection
with its bay shore "cut-off" I line. ,
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
-COMPANY BUYS IiAXD
'Nine deserters from the, training ship'
Mohican were arrested last hight;;by
Officers Skain, r - Holmes and. Corporal
Fraher. Th«V < were held at : the City
Prison and : will be turned • over, to the
Federal " authorities. Their names ' are
John Pettlgrew, S. C. Rudd; G.-W. Kil
gcur,' E.' : J. - Burnett. Paul Jones, J..-C
Barchus.V C G. - Burnett, F.'L. Heiser
and Charles Johnson.
Arrest Nine Deserters.
At the regular meeting of the Board
of Police and Fire : Commissioners last
night J a resolution was adopted to the
effect that all employes of the board
of' electricity must be . members of
unions in good standing. A fire alarm
tapper, was ordered " installed In the
northern end \ot , the water fronts and
one was ordered placed In the house of
the superintendent of fire tugs.
Employes to Be, Union Men.
So popular has become the pure
food and Industrial exposition now be
ing held at the Mechanics' Pavilion
under the auspices of the Retail Gro
cers' Association that the advisability
of prolonging the fair is under con
sideration. Applications have been
received from a score of the largest
manufacturers of staples and special
ties on the coast- for floor space and
from all indications the pure food ex
position will be one of the perma
nent annual institutions of this city.
.It has been the aim of those in
charge to make the exposition a rep
resentative. Place of exhibition for all
products worthy the 'name of "pure
foods", and it can be safely said that
all goods displayed are free of adul
teration. From an artistic point there
is nothing to be desired. The booths
have been tastefully decorated and in
many cases there has been a lavish
expenditure of money for attractive
electrical illumination.
The local turn vereins were out in
force last night and the Pavilion was
crowded to -the doors. This evening
the athletes from the Olympic Club
will rule supreme. Wrestling bouts
between the cleverest amateurs of the
coast have been arranged and the
members of the Lincoln Athletic Club
have signified their willingness to pro
vide several "mills" by pugilists of re
pute. . -. : ¦
Great preparations are being made
for the commercial travelers to-mor
row night. A grand prize cake walk
has been' arranged and ten of the
cleverest profesional cake walkers will
"step high" for a' valuable prize.
Pure Food Show a Success.
To-day the national delegates go to
San Jose; where they will be enter
tained. They are to leave the ferry
at 9 o'clock this morning and return
this evening.
Next Tuesday such delegates as go
south will be given a reception in Los
Angeles.
G. A. Pidduck of Seattle, C. H. Plass
of Tacoma, P. Nelson of Spokane, di
rectors for Washington: J. R. New
bury of Los Angeles. J. A. Stulz of San
Francisco and Joy D. Campbell .of
Stockton for California; E. F. Younger
of Pendletc-n, Ore.; for Oregon. No
secretary was chosen, it being thought
best to leave that' matter for further
consideration.
WILL MEET IX CIXCIXXATT.
Grocers Choor-e the Ohio City as the
Place of Convention for 1905.
The last day's session was opened
promptly on time, with .the expecta
tion of getting through early. Delegate
Ashley placed Cincinnati in nomination
for the next annual convention.
Delegate Schultz ' of Missouri placed
Niagara Falls in nomination, and stated
the assembling there of the national
association would solidify the order
and redound in greater results.
Assistant Secretary Weis of Roches
ter. N. Y.. Delegate Westerfleld of Chi
cago and Delegate Sullivan of Missouri
backed the movement for Niagara.
-•With cheers, shouts and heartfull
cleaning the eeventh annual conven
tion of the National Association of Re
tall Grocers wound up its proceedings
•It e grand banquet In the art hall of
Mechanics' Pavilion last night and the
tiext fare-ye-wells and business ar
rangements will be made In Cincinnati,
which -was selected as the coming place
cj meeting.
Hilarity, with all ita accompanying
features, ruled the proceedings of the
banquet after the menu had been thor
oughly enjoyed and the waiters had
served every edible thereon contained.
Thomas H. Corcoran, who had taken
care cf the arrangements and had
provided for the best time the Retail
Grocers' National Association has ever
had. introduced the toastmaster as Jo
seph A. Ptulz of San Francisco. Guests
"were requested to be seated and apply
The .knife and fork to the good things
to be served. They did so, and many
an Individual filled its system with ths
Viands prepared before Toastmaster
Ftultz called for the first response to
toasts.
The menu was a work of art. Three
Califorria poppies, with theli» full yel
lejw. against a blue background and a
polden surtset, was the first greeting to
the eye and on the first page of the
list of good things appeared everything
ihe palate might appreciate.,
Seated next to Toastmaster Stulz on
the right was Mayor Schmitz and next
to him was President Farlinger and
Joining him was Secretary Fred Mason.
To the left of Mr. Stulz ex-President
Charles R. Lott and wife were seated.
- . T. H. Corcoran of San Francisco in
troduced Joseph A. Stulz as toastmas
t*>>* n{ th*> evening.
• When Toastmaster Stulz rapped for
to call for the first toast, fully
€00 banqueters lifted their heads and
vcre silent. Even the music, which
had from time to time during the ban
eject rendered inspiring airs, held aloof
and waited.
APPROPRIATE TOASTS.
"Hell Gate and Golden Gate each has
!ts delegate" is the way Joseph A.
Stulz opened the talk of the evening.
Mayor Schmitz was called upon to re
ppond to the toast. "Our Country and
the President." Before Mayor Schmitz
could respond some enthusiast in the
hall called for three cheers and . they
¦were given with a roar.
Speaking on the subject at issue, he
Faid in part that the people of the
¦United States could do their duty at
all times. That resulted from the
pioneer spirit. Leading up to the pres
ent conditions, he spoke of the present
administration of the United States
and when he mentioned Theodore
?Roosevelt the attendants at the ban
quet went wild and applauded until he
had to hold his hand up for silence.
He continued with the famous quota
lion, ."Our country, right or wrong.
our country." He closed with the sen
timent. "Our country, my country — the
TJsited States."
Ex-President Lott could not be heard
for several minutes owing to the ap
jf.ause .following his introduction, but
when order was obtained he was heard.
He 'lid not wonder that California had
increased in population if people who
preceded the grocers were treated as
the Grocers* Association had been.
. John A: Green of Ohio responded to
the toast of "The Next Convention
City" and stated how the result had
been socured and how Cincinnati would
respond. ;-«.-.,
William Cluflf was called upon to
spetfk on "What Has -Been" and he
•stated he had spent fifteen years be
hind a grocer's counter, but now fa?
believed the annihilator of the system
was on hand.
' Andrea Ebarboro hoped that what he
•would say would be beneficial to Cali
fornia, but there was one thing which
should be told to your clerks — that a
.f>oy who started as a clerk had reached
at least half-way the position to which
th#> toastmasler had called him. "the
Napoleon of finance."
FRED MASON' TALKS.
Fred Mason tried to speak as he was
Introduced, but the band started "He's
a Jolly Good Fellow." and that started
Jthe fun. Story after story followed,
and the ultimate result was hilarity.
The band played "Dixie" and the
banqueters went wild, only to be set
tled with the tune of "Baby Mine,"
which was followed by "John Brown's
Body." In fact, the "late lamented un
pleasantness" was a national harmony,
but it was only, brought about by hard
lungs." t
William Gray of New York waa cut
loose and told many funny stories that
captured the audience.
All the popular songs of the day were
With the entire audience standing on
their feet and singing the air of
"America," newly elected President
Farlinger was introduced. He paid a
tribute to the ladies. of California and
to the wines of the State.
Er-Governor Fancher of North Da
kota was the last speaker, and he took
the subject of theories and tried to ap
ply them to California. He could not
understand why California should sit
by as it does when there' are such op
portunities -ahead. *,
The official yell of. the San Francisco
retail grocers wound up the banquet*
and those in attendance retired to their
homes for sleep and preparation for the
excursion to San Jose this morning.
spilled during the interim, and the ban
queters took up the tune in singing
while the band played.
F. M. Spain of Washington was down
on the toast llBt for "The Far West."
He gave the response as only an or
ganizer can. Interruptions cut no fig
ure with him, for he had been there
before and knew what banquets were.
Applause greeted his remarks.
-»CEW HEAD OF THE NATIONAL, ASSOCIATION OF RETAIL, GROCERS. ELECT
ED BT THE CONVENTION IN THIS CITY YESTERDAY AND TWO OFFICERS
WHO WERE HONORED BT BEING RE-ELECTED.
The following officers of the Pacific
Coast Association of Retail Grocers
were elected yesterday afternoon: _G.
A. Pidduck of Seattle, president; Joy
D. Campbell of Stockton, treasurer;
Retiring President Lott was pre
sented with a souvenir in the shape of
a handsome dress-suit case. Three
rousing cheers were given for him. •
A pretty gold-bound gavel was also
presented to retiring President Charles
R. Lott by the San Francisco grocers
during the morning session.
William Gray of New York delivered
his address on early and Sunday clos
ing, which should have been given on
Tuesday, but was cut out.
Other States which had not been
heard from on the work being done
were reported by 'the State presidents
and the trading stamp evil was de
nounced by all.
The date of the next annual conven
tion was left with the executive com
mittee to settle and the convention ad
journed sine die.
The wholesale grocers of San Fran
cisco have announced that their places
of business will close Saturday at 2
o'clock, during May, June, July and
August. . • :
The afternoon session was late in as
sembling, but as soon as the delegates
were called together H. Fischer of
Omaha read a paper on "The Laws
Affecting the Interests. We Represent."
He contended that the business men
must enter politics to secure the laws
they need. Pure food laws are of great
importance to the grocer. Trading
stamps should be prohibited and goods
should be sold on their merits.
The report of the committee on reso
lutions was read by Galllgan of Colo
rado. One resolution provided for a
change in the method of selecting the
next place of meeting. The resolu
tion was laid on the table. A resolu
tion to prevent or discourage the sys
tem of giving prizes for goods was
adopted. The convention went on rec
ord as opposed to all "short measure"
goods offered the trade. The thanks
of the delegates were ordered expressed
for the courtesies extended by the peo
ple of California. Mutual fire insur
ance was recommended as the proper
method of protection for retail gro
cers after considerable discussion.
PRESENT FOR LOTT.
Secretary Fred Mason was re-elected
by acclamation. That was a foregone
conclusion. He will retain his head
quarters in St. Paul.
Treasurer F. M. Newland of TJppeka,
Kans., was re-elected.
"William Gray of New York was elect
ed a member of the executive board to
succeed Scherer, resigned. W. J. Galli
gan of Colorado was elected on the
executive board for the regular term
of three years. " .
Nominations were called for presi
dent. It was proposed that Charles R.
Lott, the Dresent officer, be re-elected
by acclamation. Lott highly appre
ciated the honor but insisted upon de
clining the position. With regret the
convention accepted the inevitable, and
A. W. Farlinger of Atlanta, Ga., vice
president, was elected president by ac
clamation, Secretary Fred Mason cast
ing the official ballot.
Joseph A. Stulz of San Francisco
was placed in nomination for vice pres
ident. Although he wanted to decline,
the convention would not permit such
a thing and he will serve.
Delegate Scherer took exception to
some statements made which left the
impression that by going to Niagara
Falls a debt of gratitude would be paid.
He indorsed Cincinnati.
Cincinnati was selected as the next
place of meeting by a vote of 78 to 74
for Niagara Falls. The vote for Cin
cinnati was made unanimous amid
great hilarity.
Delegate Scherer resigned as a mem
ber of the board of directors owing to
the fact that he had retired from the
grocery business. After prolonged de
bate the resignation was accepted.
FARLIXGER ELECTED.
•Seventeen horses were* required, says
the ; Paris Matin, to draw... an enormous
cannon* intended for coast defense from
Bourges to Havre.-- The gun weighs
more than seventeen tons
Great auction rale of summer home lots at
Santa Cruz Saturday, May 7. Special excursion
trains leave San Francisco, Third and- Town
sends sts.; 7:30 a. m.; OaklanS, Fourteenth and
-"Webster sts.; .7 :45 a. m. ; Alameda, Park »t.Z
8:20 a. m. Special round trip .tickets $3. Tick
ets good returning on May 7 and 3. Ask South
ern ; Pacific agents. » , •
Special Excursion to Santa Cniz.
terested . friend . of the Celtic 'move
ment in California, will be in
vited to deliver a short address on
the "Influence of Moore's National
Poems on the Present Gaelic Revival."
The Gaelic songs by Moore, which will
be sung by talented Gaelic soloists, will
be translations from the originals by
Moore from the pen of the late vener
able Archbishop MacHale, one of the
greatest contributions to the success of
the present Gaelic literary movement
throughout the world. The meeting
appointed a provisional committee of
arrangements to arrange the necessary
details v for the coming concert and
social, which is designed to mark the
inauguration of a series of en
tertainments that will be given from
time to time by the Philo-Celtic School
to arouse local interest In the work of
the society. \ The committee con
sists of : the. following: Denis O'Con
nor, chairman; Mrs. P. J. Madl
gan,' Miss Annie Deasy/P. J. Reynolds,
Miss Marie Connolly, Thomas T. Ward,
Theodore Lynch and Miss Lizzie
O'Callaghan. ..
Prior to adjournment the meeting
was favored with songs in Gaelic and
English by talented members of the
singing section, including Denis O'Con
nor, John Mullen, Miss Annie Deasy,
Miss ' Katie /Agnes Barron, " Miss Marie
Connolly, Master Thomas J. Lowe, Miss
Katie O'Leary, Mr. 4 , Ward and Theodore
Lynch. -• •
The San Francisco Philo -Celtic
School, at its regular weekly, meeting in
Hibernia Hall, 120 Ninth street, Wednes
day night decided to commemorate the
coming birthday anniversary of the
nationalpoet of Ireland, Tom Moore,
author of "The Irish Melodies," by an
attractive and .interesting programme
of literary exercises during the last
week of the present month and co
incident with the birthday of the gifted
poet of Erin. The intention of the so
ciety in its forthcoming celebration is
to have selections from the immortal
melodies of the Irish poet predominate
on the evening's programme, same to
be rendered by talented exponents of
vocal and instrumental music In Gaelic
and English. An orator was also se
lected .. for the >occaslon, and Thomas
F. Marshall, an active and disin-
Birthday of Ireland's Elo
, qiient Bard.
Philo-Celtic Students to Celebrate the
WILIi • HONOR MEMORY OF
THE IMMORTAL MOORE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, -FRIDAY, MAY: 6, 1904.
A. W.Farlinger of At
lanta Is Elected
President.
Association to Meet
Next Year at Cin- '
cinnati.
GROCERS GATHER AT BANQUET BOARD
AND CONVENTION ADJOURNS SINE DIE
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AOVESTISEMENTS.
***** ******* Kiwi** ************* ****** ******** ****** ****** ******** ****** ************* ****** ****** ********
lf^5^^ T^iw^ r n^^!a3"^ V a great I Sate of Hose If
I 35c Style 15c 7ul m &jffi/?£mJ//ff^^ sale of 50c Kind 27o j
ff A great offering for Friday and Saturday— 2000 "«^ will —^^/ B M&f»JU m/erS&aM r | fl-iyn The biggest hosiery bargain of the sea- x
jf pan women's super qua ity jersey wrist liiie Metl's CALIFORNIA'S LARCFST- M |0Q t o-dav and Saturday women's 5
*>" '. gloves in pretty open-work patterns: cravs, Pfc .-..<.'•*¦,, "< ¦ ¦¦«» iTHTTim II L i '^ B:^* w^^ .» . \l/_; c f c . , , ,. , . . ' . , •£
$ modes, slates, white and fast b'ack; s'zr, sH DQ P tS -*B^^^^ SB AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORC WaiStS jmported l.CC lisle hoje. in Clght very X
J to 7'/; for the two days, while- Wfy^n —^. . l —"—^"^^— pretty and entirely new effects; 5
ft> quantity lasts, tess than half, pair* «yC? 4E*2iffir* J|J7a0«^*» 04SM#«B 4&& 1^ Hermsdorf black; the regular 50c g
$ — , . . .:. — — — d»#e men s rams §>&* s «? hose pcr pair 27o |
S Hose supporters Goats and Vests Half Price ' a — I
* w *7. 5^e«'/C Another great purchase Men's Union Worsted Troujeri -^~TTrr-?- SStSG RSSSSSOS^S 5
•f Women s side hose supporters, extra good qua - ¦•, • ,r.. r , , . ,. , •• . raE'--'"'"""V t :V' - 'vV; __ -i_. _. ' __ ¦ X
S • , /-i . • • ... .7, from a rrlab.e maker who wanted to turn his furplui stock into taty."--. •;¦¦ :-j\-if::-:\:t J& W0S * Ayj^^ «
m ltv, mercerized frilled e.astic, with ribbon , „ ,, . ,,, . .. , . . r , . rrS-.U-'- '¦¦¦.& •••.. •¦• ; £JLm m r* JMT Sffifa C
* b^ and button fanner.; black and „ c«h By "un_oa worsted », meant a .hght admixture of cotton in |^gM^^ *****> MVBiMU £.**%* X
i color,; Fndav and Saturday, pair.! 1 7C thc fc «' The ityles are all new this icason and not a bad 4000 yards beautiful five-inch fancy J
5 ' one in the lot. Trousers handsome enough and goo i enough for /."^iaS ••.;-. ••A' •"¦. >"."•- j j . t *
$ _ ¦--; -, . - - : dress wear; the b«t kind of trousers for business wear. Most* in ./§§§£; $}$$! corded warp prints, in charming C.olor j«
ti m aaDK (LvGFnnS dark thides, with neat stripes^^ and color eombin- £g*4F% fk g* f03j%k ''\^\-P.^'-' : '^ combinations; such wanted shades as X
S? 5OC *&tWieS 27G ations; to-day and . Saturday, while quantity ' mO^mm f HUM^fe"^;^'^ white, cream, pink, blue, nilc, etc.; ' m %
f Half a th yandex r^requalty back ' cbmbs; l^, at the extraordinary stle price - pair. .. Y very attractive and desirable for dainty X
If Ia'anshdlanl am. erjbis: finish and good Men's Coats ani! VCStS Half PrlCO -Both cut- R:;:;-;:^; j| ": neck pieces, CtC, and Only about half }»
Jf vaiui atjoc; to-day and Saturday, ___ .away frocks and 4-button styles; s : zes 34 to 46; good fits fcr both stout a:i^=^ priced; to-day and Saturday, yard 5
5C 'each .-. . ... l . jf . . . . . . 4& 0 G and slender mm; fine black diagonals and blue serges (a few mix- ii'V:- ¦"¦¦¦•:"-5 #> jm «
g ".*'... , " • tures). «M^i:iHif %~i~Sz •• » . . . 240
Jf BU*~~f*~ r.*»~:~B+:-~~ 59-50 Coat tnd Vest $4J5 $18-00 Coat ard Vest 49-00 SS^jj Foulard SMH Waist |
5 men's TUXMsnmgs _ m*** -- -> «.»£4«» «^*o szn i
J Great Hote Bargan-We i' bought the broken ®slu)* BOSS GO28f$ SmO V&UiSS *4>Md£m%2lB •«
$ &\0M^M^rM&%^& Mon's Sack Suits S1O.O1-l**l~ >et one of these stylish sack suit, lan E»ly preparations should bem.de S
S dozen in al', including handsome lace lisie S-turdjy ? More of them ready to-d»y and Saturday. Many of them intended for oor to supply yourself witn these inexpen- T{
and Balbncg'an h-.sery, in th.- styles to be i «-5 oline - Twelve good sty.es in plaids and mixtures. Quiet or loud, as you like, siveoutinggowns. We are headquarters
5 worn win low ,hSes (or with high cnes We guarantee these suits wiil fit and reuin their shapes in a manner equal to higher 4*fg% f or cvcry thine in clothing Ot every X
5 cither) this summer; the colorings are all priced cnes and you W1 11 be. mmensely pleased w.th ycur purchase .f you secure one at «i)P ft# ,. , r n / „„,- mn j r * X
*i m-st durable ani quarries .i^-ht. They are Men's TOD Goats $12.QQ - Tailoring and fit perfrcr. Cut in the fashionable " . , . ana resort wear. -
g. 35c vauei,whicH r »e will off;r for to-diy 34 and 36 ii.ch length, coe-fitt ng co^ars, broad shoulder*, and they hang gracefully. Ma- Dally comparisons made by Our CUS- j»
H and Saturday enly, 3 pairs SOO f ' •£ *T^a teT ' aI S cover s in tan ard Oxford gray —at f 10. Others at 512.50 and $15; or if yon prefer tomers lead US to believe that we are by X
*£ tinge pair . ....... .B&G coats siik lned see our special fso ones that are real y Jz; qualities. Of one 4fe <kf% far best equipped of any shop in town. "5
5 Men's Handkerchiefs -Alpurilnen,- thing be rore, you cannot rmtch the top coats we are offering for. ...... & i U p ret ty Satin Foulard Suits— In 2 verv X
J S oc a.,d 75c value,, special ... — ~ fashionable styles.- . . $12. SO i
5 Su.p«ndtrs-New makes, varieties of patterns, CiSGlCe Of Either Of TttCSC THrCC - ~ M . . Tn iZ'^Z, X
H silklls-.e and novrlty w=os, nickel and t i.t Q#«rff«sfa &mml4*> /#*»• K***w,e± f**ma &"*'&** OUT Own Models- In Changeable novelty x
K trimmings, moha'r and kid end,, ¦ * ZttyiESn &UltS tOr BOJfS tOr S2.SO uffcta. and shepherd piaid checks . X
J. 35c values, for * days,' pair. . . .K&G 7 "\ They are for lads 2 J^ to I o years, the t % ,:^. $15 m 00 *° $32*50 %
t( Shield Bowi and Cub Ties- In solid and f<^K ' P rett y. new st . ylcs cxactl 7 as 8hown in One exclusive and favored style; compares with £
* fancy colors, v ry .pretty designs, fff/^J >t^ ffi&m&. picture. Durable cloths in shades of anything in town at $30. 00; our price . . . {j
g regular 25c values, social, a for . tfOC /<^^V *SrT<? t-HsTl O^'ord and Hght gray; also pretty $25. GO s
g Oolf Shlrts-In fancy woven madras stripe*, i^|^^^ /VMSjL 4T^ mixtures and stripes, in both light and Tub Suits ?
*. en 'hht an! dark sround:. separate __ /v vi ! I W n\ j . u - • 1 • f -. - : ". : '' wm«**» ,•%
i cuffs, : great value, at. ..... 75C vA' ''W^tffiffirf f^M dartc shadcs; nlcc 'X trimmcd wlth In large variety. At the prices we J
* Wm*r Netflitfee Shirts-A soeciatlor brieht K\W ' >W?fgh)!e&g*5 \. /W brail and embroidery, and the trousers quote for these pretty, simple wash *
tf tachedcur?,. . .SCO TOT/7 fU^ P " Ccd *' f?0W certainly does not pay to make them ?
jf Boys* Golf Shirts - In stripes and figures, cufTi \vfX'\i\ fa (a "J-iil <«>^fi»**^C# at home. " X
|( separate. . ..../. .... .BVC Jm'v& H !f <¦ . , „ «. . , Wash Suits of lawns, linens, chambravs, per- £
| Men's Summer Neckwear- Dainty effects and '¦'.'B'flL fl Cx fim Sa.lor and Russian Blouie SmU-The saJort czla, S2.5O, S3.75, $5.75, I
£ a large variety of st le» in English. squares, • ffl W ($ W >ll boys 3 to 10 years; th: blouse suits for 2>^ $7.25 » $38.50. X
¦ treks, fo'ur-in-hand«, fuffs and itr'n:s 0O0 In /% >* to 6 years; the newes: style, fine serges in navy, PiniMF* Sicir*1*Z "'
Men's Half Hose— Fine imparted half host, ty Vi JiT «d and brown; aso mixtures in light and dark -.._._.„. Jr. ;_«_„„ n ; HnM 1B i nt1 ,, 1 . X
m . ¦ ,. . > , • • ¦ v»; ' . _«r 111 • 1 • t «k mm r%*^ oicirts in jriat variety, in linens, piquss and otarr *,£
Sr cotton and l:s.e thread in >ummer we ghts, . > CTT! ihadts; dr;ssysuts ani very special at $S»O0 washable materials if f SO $2 25
J stripes, silk embroidered and lace effects. Boys' 3-Piece Suits— CuUway uck coats like the men's, new high-cut vests, short pants and upward. * jf
If 6 pairs, $I.4O have loops lor belt; can be worn as an outing su t wijh shirt or blouse; g»O €b tZ c = tV\ MI^L Cb^, ci en "*
i Men's Summer Weight Bat' miny pre:ty stylcs cf gra - v ' dark mixturM a ' ld pla5ds; *'"* for 8 to l6 y e ™y*** m %9%9 $5.00 Mixture Skirts $3.50 x
» brlgnan Underwear* — Well Youths' Suits— A chance for f ma;i men, too; $12.50 would bi a far price for these fine . jf
*•' made, Ttroi.g and duable-th= shirts have 'u' 1 '. but we intend to capture the young men's trade, and qualities like these at Ten Dol- Biff UUI tit HrSCCS X
5 French n.cks, the drivers ar: gusseted and lars shouli do it. Abou: fifceen of the latest mixtures, paids and stripes, also phin blue and Caffffif*^ FHntS «
V the garments are trmmed with gooJ pearl black; perfect fit.i-g and rtylish :uits thit wiU pka»e part cular young A rf^» t*kM% o mmmmm+mm mm mm.m.m**
\ buttons, cur price, p:r garment. . . SOO men, ar- marked . VpBi&mW Something to interest both profes- «f
K Mtn's Glove Fitting Underwear— Genuin: sional and amateur photographers on £
6 elastic Drrby ribbed, all the popu.ar coltrs, §f m 25 PaMCOatS MM §8.5 O tO $35 .00 Friday and Saturday. Never before X
2f h're't n rValr' thef " 0USC^/ ra ao On Safe 88C Trimmed HatS Eastman kodak fiimsat price, like these: $
g -JJ^: ' '• * ' To-day and Friday, whi.e quantities NOW RenriCGtJ The , 3 -** 4^ meh .?ii° r * "P°* urn i '?
9. __ M - *m. , t * ~ . , , mm ~~J* m ***^** nlar.y 35c, special 28 O! »nd for twelve -2
$ Butter Sale last » 2 st y" womcn 8 $ K2 5 P ct - A hundred or more high-class pat- exposure^ regularly 70c, special .. 54o X
* GnntSer ; e<Z-LitaiUa3**S ticoats; one of striped black and tcrn an d drcJS Hats, including our Rubber Print Rollers— Regularly" 35c each; i?
Mf WVCI .«»O MSfUV^a white mercerized c'oth; the oth:r sold Persian and New York models, also copies and for the two cays . . f5O %
5 To-Day and Saturday black mercerizei fatten; bcthofthrm well original ideas of onr own expert mliinen, now 15c Negative Racks— For 14 plates . . tOO *
5 Choice Creamery Butter— That very best trmmed and made, at the unmatchable reduced tor quick clearance to prices below the Celluloid Developing Travs— 4x6; instead of £
jf quality that we always offer, regu'ar —- sptcal rale pnee, each .. > . . . 88O actual cost of materia's. ' ; 3 oc . ... T ........ . tBO %'
|4* size squares. JPtFC *"3""^~y7'"" ¦ *± g+ftf^lto VlT Walking and Dress Hats that were J8.50, —^—^^^—^— — ¦— — —^— ¦ It
X Swiss Cheese-Im P 7it;d Ementhal, lb. 29C tUt*nitUi*$S 2fU% Uu , fzo.co, Jia.soand --_ " Cf Bf% Dr*r*lr<? 7K** S
% Boiled Ham-Best Kingam, sliced, lb. 28t3 V a 'g» g%4 P'Sfnpfc now • S6.85 < OMmOU BOOKS MOO *
5 Finest Coffte-Mocha and Java lb... 29o ****** . ¦??#¦•• tk D «»y K » tl *« Were foVmerly |,o. S o, Five oi * hc P°P u! « r book » of fiction of K
g Choice Bourbons-Marjland Club, -j^^ Cho ce or any piece** of furmture m The -f^ ?I4 . OO and „ to /^ 5 ' tO-dav that we sell regularly at $1.08 K
t 'brrry, grenadine or lemon, qts.37O,pts. l«s than exc usive furniture stores charge for Dress Hats, turbans, lireet hat», foluge hats. . urday, each . . . ... . . 75O i
V 2UO th.- same qualities. If you are contemplating «?•! tnit werc «P t0 &ff% OK Stella Fregeliui, by Rider Haggard. fc*
* Plymouth Gin— Coates, bo te . . . . B2o fnmbhing a room or a horns Investigate. * 22 -S°» now • 9M%JmOm9 when p attv Wen . to CoUege, Webcer. Jl
J Hostetter's or Angostura Btteri, bottle cS7c 69C Linoleum tfl!s Week . . . . 4-tC Pattern Hats and our cwn exclusive noveltie3, The Two Vanrevels, Booth Tarkiagton. *,
jf Hock White Wint— Good, gallon . . . 43d 80c Tapestry Brussels for . . 68C thit were up to S35.00, G mmm- *%g% The Crisis, by Churchill. **
K Old Globe Whisky— Instead 53, gal. $2.1*3 $2.00 BlgeJOW AxmlnSterS . $1.65 now &WOm%JU The Virginian, jy O*en Wister. k*
ft '' ... ...,„.. . «... « . *
THE; EMPORIUM.
Washable Vests $ 1
, Washable Vests are all the
/£$£$£& go — typical of summer, dressy
ig||p^\ „ in appearance, easy to wash.
W5 ;^i^j£> Our workshops have made
/Y"**-^^^ •^^:.- : U P several hundred of them
/ < ot'^^^^^C- which we are to sell for $1.00.
s t^ ie^ are so^ rect fr° m
i\h* us » t^ ie ma^ers, to you, the
v|§iV7. ¦'• MnUu %££>- wearer, you save at least 50
.v^^;i. '^'jwi ¦ U Uyllfr. cents on each vest,
H ulli> "» Latest style, high cut, six
¦*P||s|^V"v.'"> : * l '* T^VY'ivv- buttons, single breasted, with
"*~^% or "w^* 10111 collars ; sizes 32 to
l^^^^^l*! 48 ; fit positively guaranteed.
'S^^^P^S^BSBf' ?U Materials are pique in
g$i white; duck in white, tan and
'¦'"'i* vf- -K v-itf brown; and basket weave in
other light grounds, some of
which have stripes, figures and designs in different colors.
While they last the price is $1.00.
Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
740 Market Street
THE EMPOBIUM
THE EMPORIUM
* , THB EMPOBIUM
China Closets from
Twenty dollars upward
The picture above gives you a fair idea of
J what to expect for Twenty Dollars. Made of
oak, weathered finish and provided with three
shelves. ,The construction is thoroughly
good in every detail and its size recommends
it for use in the small dining room. Sixty-
five inches high and twenty-eight inches wide.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary Street, at Union SquarpNEW TORK-r- Arrived May 5— Stmr Penn
sylvania, from Jlamburg; atmr Teutonic, from
Liverpool. " - •¦ . . - ¦
Sailed May B — Stmr La Touralne. for
Havre: stinr Barbaroesa, for Bremen: stmr
Moltk?. for Hamburg: stmr Rotterdam, for
Antwerp: stmr J-aurentinian. for Glasgow.
QUEENRTOWN— Sailed May 5— Stmr Ce
dric. for New York. . .
LI VERPOOlr— Arrived May &— Stmr West
ernland, from Philadelphia; stmr Saxonla, from
Boston.
- Sailed May 5— Stmr Cymric, for Beaton.
HAVRE— Arrived May J-timr La Savole,
from New York
PORT TOWXSEXD— Sailed May 0— Br ship
Xetherby. for South Africa: Br ship Ausifasla,
for Valparaiso; »chr Lottie Bennett, for .Van
couver; Br ship Llsmore. for Australia.
TACOMA— •Sailed May 3 — Stmr Mackinaw,
for San Francisco. " .
ABERDEEN— Sailed May G-rStmrG C Lln
dauer, for San Francisco. ' '
Arrived May B— Bktn Wrestler, from Grays
Harbor.- <
. OCEAN* STEAMERS.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Tiiursday, May 5.
?tmr Mat'ci-. Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay. . ¦
Stmr Derr>ateh. Levlnson. 5 days f ronv Port
Orford. with stmr Fulton In tow.
Stmr Fulton. Lee. 5 day* from Port Orford.
In tow of stmr Despatch. .
Stmr Aberdeen, Daniels. 51 hour* from San
Pedro.
ARRIVED
Late Shipping Intelligence.
Judge Hall of Grants Pass and Joseph
. II. Eastcrday of Tncomn Arc Cun
uidatcs for the Places.
WASHIGTON, May 5.— The terms of
Judges James Wickersham and Mel
ville C. Brown of Alaska will expire
June 6. Senators Fulton and Mitchell
of Oregon are urging the candidacy of
Judge Hall of Grants Pass and Senator
Foster of Washington that of Joseph
; H. Easterday of Tacoma for the places.
TERMS OF ALASKA JUDGES
WILL EXPIRE NEXT MONTH
OAKLAND. May 5. — The Starr
King Fraternity's annual banquet,
which was to have been held to-mor
row evening, has been postponed for
one week and will be held Friday
evening. May 13. .
Annual Banquet Postponed.
The treasurer's report for the last
year phows that the receipts were
SIS. 213 OC and expenditures $17,
642 75. leaving a balance on hand of
5670 31.
President, Mrs. Kate ButMey; first vice presi
dent. Miss Matilda Rrown; second vice presi
dent. Mrs. V. B. Humphrey; corresponding
secretary. Mi«« Jeesle Campbell; recording sec
retary. Mrs. Spencer C. Brown; treasurer, Mirs
Ann Miner. , v»-
Directors — Mrs. R. G. Broun, Mrs. Spencer
tliown. Miss Matilda IJrown. Mrs. Dulkley
Mies Campbell. Mrs. Edward*. Mi>» Ix>ul»e de
Fremery. Mr*, tfuntley. m n Miner. Mrs. H
E. Miller. Mrf.Maury, Mrs. Olney. Mist Rad
ford* Mrs. Williams and Mm. Wellraan.
The executive officers elected are as
follows:
OAKLAND. May 5. — The officers of
the Ladies' Relief Society were elect
ed at the nnnual meeting held this nf
ternoon at th,e -Id Ladies' Home in
Alden. The following were elected:
Manap*r« — Mrs. Boon*. Mrs. Rutters Mrji
nakewMI. Mrs. Clay. Ml«s Helen Campbell'
Mrs. Traitf. ilr*. Conklin. Mrs. Ford. Mi.s
Annie Miller, Mrs. Martinez. Mrs. Harris. Mrs.
Wltcher and Mrs. We»»on.
Relief Society Elects Officers.
WASHINGTON. May 5.— Louis A.
Dent, who drew salary as United States
Consul at Dawson. Yukon Territory,
for the last "month, but did not leave
Washington for his post, has resigned
the position and his- resignation has
been accepted. The President this
morning gave out the name of his suc
cessor, Leo Berghold. present Consul
at Three Rivers, Canada. The appoint
ment takes effect immediately. .
TiOave the Nations* Capital.
RESIGNATION OF CONSUL
DENT PROMPTLY ACCEPTED
Drew Salary as Government Repre
sentative nt Dnwson, but Did Not
ALAMEDA. May 5. — Adrian Elm
hoff. driver for Peter Vonah's dairy,
was thrown thirty feet In a collision
between his wagon and a north side
local train last night on Railroad ave
nue and Broadway. Eimhoff and his
team escaped with slight Injuries, but
the wagon was demolished and Its
contents were scattered for a block
along the track. The accident was
caused by the failure of Eimhoff to no
tice the oncoming train as he was
driving over the crossing.
Train Strikes Milk Wngon.
LIVINGSTON, Mont.. May 5. — A
party of tourists traveling through
Yellowstone National Park had a nar
row escape from being- dashed to
death In a chasm along the Golden
Gate road, which leads into the park
from Gardiner. Driver August Getz.
in charge of a coach containing five
passengers, nil Easterners, encounter
ed a bad piece of road, throwing the
stage to one side an-* precipitating it
down the side of a precipice.
As the vehicle rolled over it was
caught by brush and its descent stayed
for an instant, during which the pas
sengers managed to extricate them
selves and escape by clinging to the
rocks and brush. The stage, becoming
loosened from its fastenings, fell with
a crash to the bottom of the canyon.
700 feet below, killing the horses and
demolishing the vehicle. All of the
passrngerR were painfully bruised.
Coach Containing Five Eastern Tour
ists Is Precipitated Down Side of.
Precipice In Yellowstone Park.
NARROWLY ESCAPE BEING
DASHED TO DEATH IX CHASM
OAKLAND. May 5. — Mrs. May
Mansebo, 18 years of age. the wife of
Manuel Mnnsebo. residing at 1017
Seventh street, caused her husband's
arrest to-day, claiming he had, since
their marriage four years ago. per
sistently beaten and abused her.
Mansebo was charged with battery.
He is a dairy employe.
Young Wife Cliarffcs Brutality.
OAKLAND. May 5. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Alton O. Hotch
klss. over 21, Lima, Ohio, and Pearl
C. Nickerson, over 18. Oakland; Har
old \V. Wetherell, over 21, Fruitvale,
and Margaret J. Bartlett. over 18,
Oakland; Manuel F. Rose. 28. Hay
wards, and May Fortune. 18. Center
vllle; Herbert Canning, 24, and Mar
garet M. Keefe. 22, both of Oakland;
Joseph Houghton. 4 2. and Gus$ie
ttionochio, 18. both of San Pablo.
Mar rinse Licenses.
Dr. J. M. Stitt of Vacaville is at the
Palace.
Dr. D. E. Blackburn of Pescadero is
- et the Grand.
Rev. T. Jacobs of Burlington, Wis.,
is at the Palace. >S^ •
W. H. Hatton. an attorney of Mo
: d>sto. Is at the Lick.
Dr. H. C. Bierbown. U. S. A.. <s stay
ing r.t the Occidental.
, ' Dr. S. S. Salisbury of Los Angeles
Js registered at the Palace.
George W. Trimble, a banker and
mining man of Seattle, is at the Pal
ace.
H. F. Downing, a capitalist of
Springfield. Mass.. and wif> are at the
St. Francis.
Dr. W. Mueller. German Consul to
Kob*>. is at the Palace. He is on his
way »o his native land.
A. II. Afong. a member of the well
known Chinese family of Honolulu,
returned yesterday with his wife from
a visit to the East and registered at
the Palace..
General Manager A. G. Well* of the
Santa Fe «road, accompanied by his
j-ecretary, H. E. White, arrived from
Los Angeles yesterday, and is regis
tered at the Palace.
R. Arai. a prominent Japanese mer
chant of New York, accompanied by
his wife and daughter, arrived from
the East last evening and is at the
Palace awaiting the departure of the
next steamer for the Orient.
• Captain Glenn Collins of the Brit
. ish army, who recently married ?n
•Eastern society belle at Monterey, ar
rived yesterday with his bride from
Santa Barbara, where they have been
"upending their honeymoon. They are
" registered at the St. Francis. :
PERSONAL.
Professor Mary Roberts Smith Win
Iurestlsate Chinese Immigration
in the United States.
BERKELEY, May 5. — Mary Rob
erts Smith, associate professor of
"eociology at Stanford University, re
ceived to-day an appointment to a re
rearch assistantship by the Carn»gie
Institute at Washington. This was
granted her that she might continue
her Investigation of Chinese Immigra
tion in the United States. She is now
at the University of California gather
ing data on this subject, being on a
leave of absence from Stanford. She
purpose* to study the movements of
the Chinese and the economical . ef
fects of their presence in the United
•States, particularly in Ca-llfornia. No
Impartial work in this subject has ever
been attempted and the new appointee
hopes, through the assistance of the
Carnegie Institute. to accomplish
much that will be valuable to science.
The result of her researches will after
ward be published by the institute.
STAFFORD WOMAN GETS
CARNEGIE ASSISTAXTSIUP
Navy orders: Lieutenant Comman
der J. H. Glennon Is detailed as an as
sistant to the equipment officer of the
navy yard at Mare Island.
War Department orders: The follow
ing named officers of the Third Infan
try will proceed to Vancouver Bar
racks, Wash., and report to the com
manding general of the Department of
Columbia for orders and necessary in
structions to enable them to proceed to
the posts in Alaska indicated after
their respective names: First Lieuten
ant Allen Smith Jr. will proceed to Fort
Gibbon to take charge of the steamer
General Van Vllet; Second Lieutenant
Samuel C. Orchard will proceed to Fort
Liscum for duty as quartermaster;
Second Lieutenant Carl C. Jones will
go to Fort Egbert for duty as quarter
master, and Second Lieutenant James
W. Everington will proceed \to Fort
Gibbon for duty as quartermaster.'
Musician George T. Hartsfleld. Thirty
second Coast Artillery, stationed at
Fort Baker, Cal., is transferred to the
Signal Corps as a private: he will be
sent to Benicla Barracks. Captain Al
fred W. BJornstad. Twenty-eighth In
fantry, now on leave at St. Paul,
Minn., will proceed to Columbus Bar
racks, Ohio, and report to the com
manding officer for assignment to duty
with a detachment of recruits to be
sent from that post to San Francisco;
upon arrival at San Francisco and the
completion of his duties with the re
cruits Captain BJornstad will join his
regiment at the Presidio. Upon arrival
at San Francisco from the Philippine
Islands Port Commissary Sergeant
August Baumann will proceed to Fort
Flagler, Washington, for duty. James
A. Daily of San Francisco is appointed
a special laborer at Mare Island Navy
Yard.
WASHINGTON, May 5.-^Postmas
ters commissioned: John L. Carpenter,
Tiburon, Cal; Ellen Ward, Fort Carey.
Wash.
Several Changes Are Made In the Pos
tal Service nnd War and Navy
Departments Issue Orders.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
BERKELEY. May 6 — Commencement time
at t!ie university Is to be full of activities and.
in order to facilitate matters, the following
programme has been Issued from the presi
dent's office: Friday, May 13 — Annual meet
ing of the Philosophical Union. Saturday, May
14 — Capitola conference; 8 o'clock, senlcr
woman's Jinks. Hearst Hall; annual . meeting
of Alumni Association of College of Pharmacy.
San Francisco. Sunday. May 15 — 3:30 o'clock,
baccalaureate sermon. Bishop Charles H.
Fowler of Buffalo. Greek Theater. or St.
Mark's Church If It rains; T o'clock, last
senior singing. North .Hall steps."/. Monday,
May 10 — 6:15 o'clock, degree committees of
philosophical and scientific division of grad
uate council; 9:30 to 12 o'clock. Class day
pilgrimage, beginning at Le Conte Oak; 3:30
o'clock, class day extravaganza, Greek Thea
ter: 7:45 o'clock, -^senior men's banquet,
Uucchetti's. San Fruncirco; S o'clock, alumni
b'anquet to graduating class of College of
Pharmacy. California Hotel.. Tuesday. May 17
—2 o'clock. Regents' meeting, Kouth Hall; 4
o'clock, annual address before Phi Beta Kappa
by Professor Bernard Moses.' Hearst Hall; 7
o'clock, a'.amni banquet to graduating class of
medicHl department. California Hotel; 8:S0
o'clock, senior ball. Hearst Hall. Wednesday,
May IS — 10:.V> o'clock, commencement exer
cises. Greek Theater; 12:."0 o'clock, alumni
lunrhecn, either In Hearst Halt or Harmon
gymnasium. Mr». May L. Cheney, secretary;
S:30 o'clock, reception to graduating class by
President and Mrs. Wheeler, Hearst Hall.
Thi'r*day. May 10 — Annual banquet of alumni
ami faculty of dental department to gradu
ating claim. Palace Hotel; Saturday. May 21,
reception to men of the graduating classes 'by
the University of California Club. 207 Geary
etreet. San Franclseg. ;
Colooel Henri* d« H. Walte of the military
department announces that the annual in
spection of ca*»t. corps on Monday next •will
besin at 8:4.' 9' clock. Instead of 11 o'clock, at
has been currently rerorted.
Henri Theodore Uu» of Amsterdam. Hol
land, end William Jotin Sinclair of Oakland
were examined for doctor's degrees yesterday
afternoon in Hearst Hall. Hus was examined
In botany by a beard conslstlne of Professors
W J. V. 6*terhout. W. B. Rising, Jacques
Lc*b and Dr. H. C. Blddle. Sinclair was ex
amined In geology, palaeontology and zoology
by Professors John C. Men-lam. W. E. Ritter
and A. C. Law-yon. The results of both tests
will be announced later.
UNIVERSITY EVE-NTS
OAKLAND. May 5. — The Grand
Lodge officers of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen were the guests to
night at a reception and banquet given
at Fraternal Hall by Pacific Lodge No.
7 and Oak Leaf LOoge No. 35, A. O.
U. W. During the evening a long, list
of toasts and responses was given un
der the direction of Past Master J. S.
Gilmore, the tqastmaster.
The programme; follows: VOur-Or
der," Past Supreme Master William
H. Jordan; "Troubles of the Past
Year and How to Forget Them," Past
Grand Master Dr. F. W. Browning;
'4The Future of the A. O. U. ' W.,"
Grand Master C. H. Dunton; "Tell
Your- Troubles to a Policeman,"
Grand Overseer W. J. Petersen; "In
fluence of the New - Rates on the
Present Status of the Order," Grand
Recorder C> T. Spencer; '"The Selec
tion of New Material," Grand Medical
Examiner Dr. J. L. Mayon; "The
Grand Lodge," Past Grand Master D.
S. Hlrshberg; "The Degree of
Honor," Past Grand Master W. H.
Barnes; "When the Grand Lodge Met
in Fresno," Grand Receiver Sam
Booth; "Oak Leaf .Lodge," Past Grand
Master C. E. Snook; "Pacific Lodge."
Past Master J. A. C. Macdonald;
"Fraternity." Past Master H. Rchaf
ner; "The Absent Ones." Past Master
W. J. Hall; "The Past Year," Past
Grand Master L. A. Freeman; "Laws
and Lawyers." Past Master W. W.
Morrison.
The committee of arrangements
was composed of J. S. Gilmore, W. J.
Hall. A. H. McKown. William Cogan,
Dr. F. W. W. Hulme. J. J. O'Toole.
Pacific and Oak Leaf Lodges Entertain
Distinguished Members of the
Order nt Dinner.
WOKKLMEX GIVE BANQUET
TO GRAND OFFICERS
ALAMEDA. May 5.— Mrs. T. R. McGum
and Mrs. Charles C Gardener entertained this
afternoon at the former's home. 20t" Central
avenue. In honor of Mrs. Merrlt.t of Wool
land. Among the quests were Mrs. A. M.
Clay. Mrs. S. B. Connor. Mr5. 3. A. O'Neill,
Mr*. George H. Mastlck, Mrs. Amos Me
cartney. Mrs. S. J. Hendy. M!?s Livingston,
MIks Hendy. Mlas Palmer. MJss Uelkn«p. Miss
Reynolds, Miss Clark, Miss Burkmaler and
Ml«s Fosslng.
Prof«88or S. Bru« Wright of th« School
Department and Miss Gertru.le F. Vanning of
Berkeley have announced their engagement.
Thu w-ddln* is to be celebrated early next
month at the home of th« brtde-elecfs par
ents. Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Vennlng of Berkeley.
Mr. Wright and Miss Venntns are graduates
Of the' State University and. during his college
career. Mr. Wright was president of the Asso
ciated Students.
EVENTS IN bOCIETY
Chemists Wanted.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces that on June
1 examinations will be held at San
Francisco, Los Angeles, Marysville
and Fresno for the positions named In
the bureau of Government laborato
ries at Manila, P. I. Pathologist.
$1800 per annum; pharmacologist,
$1800; chemist, analytical division,
soils and waters, $1600; chemist, eco
nomic products division, familiar with
organic chemistry, essential oils. etc..
$1600; chemist and collector. $1500;
assistant for physical chemist. $1300;
entomologist. $1400; bacteriologist of
serum divfaiou, $1400. Age limit, 18
to 40 years. Apply to the United
States Civil Service • Commission.
Washington* D. C. or to the secretary
of the Consolidated " Board of"- Civil
Service Examiners. San Francisco, for
application forms 2 and 375. which
should be properly executed and filed
with the commission at Washington
not ' later than the hour of ¦ closing
business on ftlay-25. - - :^r# ;¦¦
Says He. Was Swindled.
WUllam Hurilas secured '"a ' Drarrant
from Police Judge Fritz- -yesterday for
the arrest of Captain William F. Luke
on a charge of obtaining money by
false pretenses. Luke alleges that he
was one of twenty men who were in
duced to pay $100 each to Luke and
sail with him for Honduras more than
a year ago. where Luke said he had a
large mining claim and $1500 worth of
machinery. When they got there Luke
was. unable to find his mining claim.
Hunius anys Luke has been located In
Eureka. Homboldt County.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, May 5.
The committee on the Santa Fe day
celebration, met this afternoon in the
rooms of the Board of Trade, M. J.
Keller presiding and Edwin Stearns
acting as secretary. The reports showed
progress and the success of the event
seems assured. A number of business
men and citizens have offered to p*ut
their shoulders to the wheel and make
the arrival of the first Santa Fe train
an occasion that will make interesting
history.
M. J. Keller was selected to preside
at the celebration. Mayor Olney, on be
half of the city, H. C. Capwell for the
Board of Trade and the president of
the Merchants' Exchange, to, be elected
at the coming election of that body,
will dellvet\ addresses of. welcome.
Governor Pardee will be Invited and
will also be called upon for an nddress.
The addresses will be responded to by
officials of the railroad system.
A committee on street decorations
was appointed and Broadway, from
Eighth to Fourteenth. ! will be appro
priately beautified. The depots I in
Berkeley and Oakland and the loco
motive that draws the first train will
be converted into, masses o"f color. A
committee was named by the chair to
confer with the officials of the Santa
Fe and the Southern Pacific .railroads
with a view of obtaining free pasage
or low rates for people on either line
betwen this city and the Sacramento
Valley. Invitations were issued to the
commercial bodies In San Francisco.
No portion of the parade will be on
foot. It will consist of several divisions
of tastefully decorated vehicles, floats
and aids on horseback. Charles Bates
Jr. was chosen grand marshal. Bates
will select his own etaff and they in
turn will name their assistants. The
committee issues a general invitation
to all organizations of the city to join
in the ranks and many of them may
furnish floats. Several floats have al
ready been secured. The commercial
bodies will have handsome ones, the
Merchants' Exchange and the Board
of Trade will combine in contributing
another and the "Boosters" is prepar
ing one.
AH the members of the committee
wtll ride In carriages and the automo
bile clubs of this city and San. Fran
cisco have signified their willingness to
turn out in full force. A report of R.
S. Cole showed that he had canvassed
the various bicycle clubs and that their
members were enthusiastic over the
project.
After the arrival of the train the pa
rade will proceed to the Emeryville
racetrack, where it will be reviewed by
Judpes and several prizes awarded for
the best decorated vehicles, also for the
best appearing cl'ibs. * Then will fol
low an athletic and racing tournament,
not to be engaged in by professionals.
A committee will manage this event
and will award prizes to the winners.
Theodore Gier, Thomas P. Taylor and
William J. Laymance were named, to
serve as a committee on finance and
will have charge of aj] receipts and ex
penditures In connection with the af
fair. All the merchants of the city will
be requested to close their places of
business from 10 o'clock in the moraine
until 2 in the afternoon and a reauest
will be made of all citizens to float
flags. The meeting adjourned until
Monday afternoon at 4 o'clock.
Will Contest Threatened.
OAKLAND. May 5. — Contest . Is
threatened over the will of the late
Charles W. Shepherd, an aged capi
talist, who omitted to bequeath any
thing to his sister. Mrs. Emma E.
Hord of Missoula. Mont. Sh?pherJ
left his estate to nephews and nieceV
In Missouri. He wrote that his sister
had ¦ been tirovidefl for before hU
death. Mrs. Hord denies this and ha*
retained Attorney H. S. Aldrich.
Public Administrator George Grav.
represented by Attorney John d?
Lancey. was to-day granted speciil
letters of administration on the estate.
Union Picket Di«nii «¦-«.•: I.
OAKLAND. May 5. — The ca*a
against Charles Kuhlken. a member
of the Butchers' Union, who wis
charged by Robert Vincent with dis
turbing the peace while, acting an a
union picket, was dismissed in Jud^e
Samuels' court this morning on mo
tion of the prosecuting attorney, th»
Judge holding that there was no evi
dence in the case which would war
rant a conviction. « " »
LL«ICAPE FROM BURN'IXG
HOUSE IX XIGHTROBES
Tenants of a Fashionable Apartment
Buildinz In Chicago Arc Driven
Into Street by a Fire.
CHICAGO. May 5. — Many tenants of
the Lessing and Lessing Annex build
ings, fashionable apartment structures,
were driven into the street to-day by a
fire which destroyed Werner Bros.'
storage warehouse, adjoining the Leas
ing Annex. After a hard fight the
blaze was confined to the building- in
which it started.
The family of E. R. Werner, pro
prietor of the warehouse, lived on the
top floor of the warehouse, which was
a three-story structure. They were
forced to flee in their night clothes.
Sixty horses confined on the ground
floor were burned to death.
The big warehouse, filled with furni
ture, was destroyed. The loss is esti
mated at $75,000.
Operation on Youns Hall.
OAKLAND. May 5. — Word was re
ceived to-day by Mrs. Samuel P. Hall
that Whlpple Hall, her son, had pass
ed successfully through an Operation
at St. Louis for appendicitis. Super
ior Judge Hall Is en route to St. Louii.
Young Hall had been appointed a
member of the Jefferson Guards at the
exposition grounds when he was sud
denly stricken.
JOY IS FAT AL TO
SAX JOSE MINISTER
Pastor's Kxnhorancc nt Meeting lib
Long Absent Sons Resnlta
Fntnlly.
ST. LOUIS, May 5.— Rev. A. Sae
gesser. aged 65. a minister of the Ger
man Methodist church at San Jose.
Cal., died suddenly of heart failure last
night in Granite City. III., the result,
it is said, of the joy he experienced In
greeting his two sons after a- long
separation. .
3Irs. A. C. Stoddard Dies.
ALAMEDA. May 5. — Mrs. Hannah
E. Stoddard. wife of A. C. Stoddard
and mother of former Postmaster
Thomas C. Stoddard, died to-day at
the family residence i on Encinal ave
nue, near Walnut street. She was a
native of England, aged 6S years, and
besides her husband and son leaves
three daughters.
RKXO. Net-.. May &.— An excursion Is to b«
run from fan Francisco a week from to-mor
row It will be to Sparks. the new railroad
city east of this place, and Is being supported
by the residents of the new town.
Mrs. Dasha was called to-night and
stayed for some time at her husband's
bedside.
Dasha and Dempsey were taken to
the County Jail last Friday to serve
sentences of one year each. From the
moment almost of his arrival Dasha
was under the attention of the jail phy
sician. Last December, while he was
awaiting trial, Dasha suffered a seri
ous attack of pneumonia. The effect
on his heart was such as to leave that
organ in a weakened condition. During
his six days in the Alameda County Jail
Dasha has slept hardly an hour. He
grew worse so rapidly to-day that Dr.
Tisdale notified Sheriff Bishop that the
patient had only a short time to live.
In view of the circumstances United
States Marshal Shine was informed and
that officer granted permission for
Dasha's removal to the hospital. The
patient was so weak that he was taken
in a carriage from the Jail to the hos
pital, which is only two blocks from the
jail.
"We did not want Dasha to die in
Jail," said Jailer Percy White to-night,
"and for that reason asked Marshal
Shine for permission to send the man
to the hospital. Dr. Tisdale declares
that Dasha has barely two days to
live."
William F. Dasha, the former deputy
sheriff and Jailer at the County Jail In
San Francisco who with T. J. Dempsey
was convicted of conspiracy In connec
tion with Chinese substitution cases,
was removed this afternoon from the
Alameda County Jail to the Receiving
Hospital in a critical condition from
heart disease. Dr. C. L. Tisdale. the
jail physician, said Dasha would not
live forty-eight hours, so seriously had
the prisoner been stricken.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
".. 1118 Broadway. May 5.
Mrs. Alice A. Dell, a member of a
well-known family, was adjudged In
sane to-day and committed to the
State Hospital at Stockton. For many
years her father. Dr. Aylett, was resi
dent physician there, and her husband,
the late Charles L. Dell Jr.. died there
a few years ago. Dr. Aylett was a
well-known physician of Sacramento
and Mrs. Dell's husband was the son
of Colonel Charles Dell, a famous Tex
as character. Through the death of
her father, Mrs. Dell Inherited $20,000
and from his father's estate the hus
band got $30,000. It has all disappeared,
having been lost on the stock market.
Mrs. Dell is afflicted with the hallu
cination that she is being pursued by
people who wish to do her bodily in-
Jury. At night she Imagines that they
search for her with policemen's pocket
lamps and in order to keep from being
awakened by their flashing she sleeps
with a light in her room. She has three
children. William, the eldest, who is
16 years of age, is away and it is not
known where he is; Clarence, .a year
younger, is at Dr. Brewer's school In
San ifateo, and Marguerite, the girl, is
attending the Sacred Heart Convent in
this city.
Three years ago Mrs. Dell attempted
suicide by jumping from a ferry-boat
into the bay. but was rescued.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. May 5.
But Hadlen's suspicions were aroused
when he saw Adams" with his wife. Mrs.
Hadlen Intervened, but could accom
plish nothing.
"It was all a mistake." said the Had
lens to-day at the home of the bride's
mother, where they are staying. "It
was all due to the old-time Jealousy.
We are at peace with Mr. Adams now
and do not expect any more trouble."
Young Hadlen is a son of C. A. Had
len. a wealthy Berkeleyan. and Adams
was formerly a car conductor.
Upon : seeing his former rival in the
company of his bride of four months,
Frederick Hadlen of the firm of Hadlen
& Sons, grocers in West Berkeley, im
mediately pounced upon his wife's es
cort with the purpose of giving the of
fender a drubbing. But the rival, who
goes by the name of George A. Adams,
is a man of brawn, and he was not
willing to let a chance like that go by,
so he contributed fuel to the feud by
sending home a few blows himself. The
upshot of it all was that the belliger
ents were arrested for disturbing the
peace and brought before the Dogberry
of Emeryville Township, who promptly
released them on $15 bail. /
As the story goes, Hadlen had prear
ranged to meet his wife after the pic
nic at Shell Mound last Sunday. Upon
arriving at the grounds he espied his
wife coming down a path with Adams.
Hadlen and Adams were formerly riv
als for the hand of Mrs. Hadlen. who
was a Miss Hoffman. If was a bitter
matrimonial race, which Hadlen finally
\von, the wedding having been cele
brated four months ago. Meantime
Adams married another girl, and it
seemed all smooth sailing for the young
people.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street. May 5.
A drama, "The Other Woman." will
be presented by Miss Florence G.
Schroth and Miss Ramdohr. Xat
Phillips will give Hebrew Impersona
tions, and Judge J. C. B: Hebbard will
deliver an address. 'The entertain
ment will conclude with a farce. "The
Mousetrap," by William D. Howells.
The cast will Include Miss Marie
Thompson. Miss Editha Wyckoff. Miss
Grace Dillon. Miss Yona Stanley. Miss
Beatrice Magdalen and Lester Alden.
Admission will be 50 cents, with 30
cents extra for reserved seats, and can
be obtained at Byron Mauzy's piano
warerooms, 308 Post street, or from
any member of the Beehive Circle.
Florence G. Schroth Is president. Mil
dred F. Hartter secretary. Mr?. Byron
Mauzy. Miss A. Schroth. Mrs. H. H.
Young, Miss M. Hufschmidt and Miss
Singer are the prime movers of the
affair and are anxious that it shall be
a success, so that the Infant Shelter
will be materially benefited.
An entertainment will be given at
Native Sons' Hall this evening
by the Beehive Circle for the ben
efit of the Infant Shelter. The pro
gramme will include athletic perform
ances by the Olympic Club, consisting
of pyramid building, wrestling and
boxing, and vocal numbers by Mme.
Ida de Seminario and Dan Lawrence.
Beehive Circle Will Undertake to
Raise Funds for Deserving
Institution.
Disturbing People's Peace
Battle ;Ends in Both Bellig
erents Being Arrested for
Illness Becomes More Seri
ous Each Day That Pris
oner Stays Behind Bars
Mutual Benefit Club— The ladies of
this club were so successful with the
palmists last year that they have se
cured the same attraction for Satur
day. The attendants will wear quaint
and bright costumes, and their tent
will be a vivid sr>ot on the lawn in
front of the house.
King's Daughters' Home for Inrura
bles — Kvery small pony and donkey in
Oakland will help swell the fund for
the home. A large number of little ani
mals, as well as a dozen or more liny
carts, have been loaned for the occa
sion, so the children will all have a
chance to ride. The office will be at
the stables.
Oakland. Social Settlement — An amus
ing Punch and Judy show will be con
ducted by the managers of this charity
at the foot of the tower. .;..-.
Oakland Club — Tea will be served by
the ladies of the club at Lilac cottage,
and also in a little booth on the lawn.
Ladies' Relief Society— These work
ers will be found at the same old stand
near " the iower selling | the delicious
¦home-made 'cano 1 }', for which they are
famons. '
Vlncentian Relief Society— The booth
presided over by this society promises
strong attractions. It will conduct a
miniature vaudeville theater and the
programme will be given by profes
sionals from, the Bell Theater, who have
volunteered their services/ The theater
will' be at one side of the Seventh aye
nue gate.
Across the road will be a ri\-al con
tinuous performance, under the direc
tion of Bernard P. Miller, the profits
from which will be diverted into the
general fund. Each theater will have
spielers and other noisy means of at
tracting attention, so this particular
corner of the grounds will probably be
well patronized.
MINIATURE VAUDEVILLE.
Fablola Hospital Association— Paper
and raffia hats (and even prettier than
laet .year's) will be sold for this char
ity in the carriage-house.
The Oakland New Century Club will
be found at the foot of the tower sell
ing lemonade and a small cook book
compiled by the ladies of the club.
The West Oakland Free Kindergaretn
will be near the tennis shelter, and
whips and toy balloons will be its stock
in trade.
East Oakland Social Settlement— The
managers of this booth promise ?ome
interesting things in the way of'Ori
ental and Indian beverages, served by
attendants In costume. They have also
secured the services of a clever sil
houette artist.
West Oakland Home — Confetti, nuts
«nd popcorn will be sold at this booth,
which may be found near the tennis
court.
Following is a list of the charities
that will be represented and their re
spective headquarters at the fete:
The California Girls* Training Home
will be located on the croquet grounds,
as last year, where soda, phosphates
and other cooling drinks will be dis
pensed.
The East Oakland Free Kindergarten
will preside over the merry-go-round,
near the tennis court. This charity has
also prepared an attractive souvenir
programme for sale.
The Central Free Kindergarten will,
as usual, have the ice cream, flower
and cloak booths. Some exquisite Ieis
and baskets have been . made for the
flower booth. There will be two ice
cream stands, one in the pittisporum
circle and one on the lawn in front of
the house.
CHARITIES REPRESENTED.
The May fete— the biggest charitable
event of the year, that annually at
tracts thousands of pleasure seekers to
Arbor Villa — will take place Saturday
afternoon, and never have the prepara
tions been, more elaborate. Fourteen
charities will be beneficiaries this year,
and hundreds of society women are
actively interested in the success of this
gigantic benevolent scheme.
For eight years Mr. and Mrs. F. M.
Smith have annually given over to the
public for one day the beautiful acres
of forest and garden that make their
home one of the most delightful on this
side of the bay. For "charity's sweet
sake" admission is charged to the
grounds, and the scene within the gates
is welf worth the price. Gayly colored
tents and prettily decorated booths dot
the velvety green of well-kept lawns,
flags flutter merrily in the breeze and
several bands keep up a musical ac
companiment to the laughter of chil
dren and the pleasant hum of voices.
Stately dames richly clad, the summer
girl in her prettiest gown, the romping
youngsters, who enjoy It best of all,
all blend in a brilliant picture that may
be seen nowhere else in all California's
beautiful length.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, May 5.
— •
Fourteen Organizations to
Take raft in Outing Pro
vided by Philanthropists
Invitations Are Extended to
Sister Cities to Join in
the* Joyful Ceremonies
Dr. Aylett. Her Father. Was
a Former Resident Phy
sician of the Institution
ENTERTAINMENT FOR
THE INFANT SHELTER
Oakland OfT.ce San Francisrn CaU. j
1118 Broadv.av.iSiaj- 5. ,
Although d^i'Uty sheriffs have been*
lcokins for Constable Edward Weidler
for two days, they bo far have been un
able to locate him and the summons
to appear in court and answer the
charges of malfeasance In office, made
• pair.sl him by the United States
Fidelity and Guaranty Company, has
net been served. The Sheriff's office
doe* not believe that V.'eJdler has left
town, but the opinion is expressed
there that he is evading service of the
summons la an effort to adjust his
financial affairs.
II. turn Sud>*n of Fruitvale went be
for? Prosecuting Attorney Abe Leach
to-day and asked for a warrant for
"VVeidler's arrfft, claiming that the offl
ccr d*»faujted tn a payment to him to
the extent of $152 50. Leach refused to
irsue the warrant, as We'.dler siill has
?ome time before hi? tardiness In pay
ing over the money would legally
amount to a defalcation.
According to Turn Suden's statement
Weidler collected the money through
an attachment and has failed to mak^
return. Turn Suden made a demand
ujvjp the surety company and was to'.d
thnt he must swear out a complaint
ngainst WeSdler first and prove in a
cCurt that he was entitled to the mon
e»\ In pursuance of this the warrant
waj asked for. The collection was
made March -4 and according to law
Weidler has sixty dayp In which to
make a rt-turn upon an execution be
•fore he is legally delinquent.
In reply to the charges made against
him before the Grand Jury by Attor
ney James H. Boyer Constable Bert
Hempstead says that his skirts are
effear of every accusation and that he
has nothing to fear from an investi
gation! In reply to a question put to
him to-day, he said: "I have never
played the races nor Is my 6alary tied
.up. As for the charges made by At
torney Boyer that I have refused to
" allow him to draw down a S150 cash
bemd a client of his has furnished, that
Is correct and I Intend that It shall re
main up. He got me to sell some cows
for him and now It is claimed they
belonged to several different parties.
A woman by the name of Esmond sued
xat and got back one of the cows, and
If I had not had the money to secure
me I would have been In a hole. He
cannot show there Is anything wron;?
«-lth my accounts, so he 'can go ahead
and do his worst."
Complaint Made by H. Turn
Suden. Who Asks for His
Arrest on §15250 Claim
ORDEK STILL UXSERVED
FAMILY IS WELL KNOWN
BRIDE CAUSES FIGHT
OFFER BIG ATTRACTIONS
HEART FAILS.- TO ACT
SUCCESS IS ASSURED
Frederick Hadlen Attacks
Man He Finds in Company
With His Wife at Picnic
Beports, Show Preparations
for Santa Fe Day Festivi
ties Are Almost Completed
: - Deputy Sheriffs Seek De
linquent Constable for
Two Days Without Success
Is Sent to Stockton Asy
lum, Where Her Husband
Died a Few Years Ago
Convicted Deputy Sheriff
Jtemoved From a Cell in
the Alameda County Jail
Society Women- Prepare for
the Annual Charity Event
* at Beautiful Arbor Villa
POUNCES UPON
HIS OLD RIVAL
ALICE A. DELL
JUDGED INSANE
WEIDLER KEEPS
OUT OF SIGHT
DASHA DYING
AT HOSPITAL
MAKING READY
FOR MAY FETE
WILL WELCOME
FIRST TRAIN
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
"HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 0, 1904.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, May 5.— The follow
ing Californians registered at the ho
tels to-day: At the St. ..James— Mrs.
Eleanor Slate and the. Misses Eleanor
and Marjorie Slate of Berkeley: at the
•Raleigh— F. G. Hammer of San Fran-
CiACO.
ALAMEDA. May 5. — Mrs. Marie L.
Hubbell, who had her husband.
Stephen G. Hubbell, arrested for bat
tery and threatening her life, appeared
before City Justice R. B. Tappan to
day and informed the magistrate that
she had altered her determination to
prosecute- her spouse * and requested
that the case; against him, which had
been set for trial to-morrow morning
at 9 o'clock, be dismissed. Her re-
Quest was granted.
S. G. Ilubbell's Wife Relents.
WORKMAN FAIiI«S INTO
YAT OF BOILJNG METAL
Employe of the Illinois Steel Com
pony at South Chicago Meets
With n Terrible Death.
CHICAGO. May 5.— Making a mis
step while -¦ walking on the 'edge of . a
vast caldron of boiling metal, Henry
Anderson, an. employe of the Illinois
Steel Company at South Chicago,
clung for life to the edge to-day while
his feet burned off. Then, his strength
gone, he slipped. with a shriek into the
seething mass,, below. In a few mo
ments 1 his body was consumed.
NEW YORK, May 5.— The first sui
cide^ from the new .WHliamsburg
bridge, which spans the East River a
mile above the old/Brooklyn bridge,
was recorded to-day when an unknown
woman leaped to death in the river,
135 feet below. The woman was ob
served by the .various policemen. on the
post, but before they could reach her
side she leaped over the railing and
shot down to the water. -As she de
scended, feet , foremost, her . skirts
filled, forming a sort of parachute, and
just before reaching tjje water her
body turned and she went into the
water head first. "The officers shouted
and blew their whistles to attract the
crew of a tugboat which was passing
within twenty feet of the woman, but
they were unsuccessful and she sank.
Jumps From, the New WIlHumsburg
Bridge and Sinks From View Be
. fore Assistance Reaches Her.
UNKNOWN WOMAN LEAPS,
TO DEATH IN EAST 'RIVER
Caltfornfans in Sew York.
NEW YORK. May 5.— Tbe following
Cajifornlans are in New York:
. Trom San Francisco — Mrs. C. An
j flrews, at the St. Denis; L. L. Fritz, at
the Broadway Central; S. N. Hawley.
' at the Savoy; Mis* E. J. Hourlcs, at the
gt. "Denis; J. F. Lawless and wife, at
the Murray Hill: Mrs. S mailman, at th e
Asllland; M. G. Vucorich, at the Broad
way Central; E. C. Herst, at the Herald
.Square; Miss Judson. Miss S. P. Judson
and and Mrs. L. A. Judson, at the Hol
land.
From L05 Angeles— A. I* New and
wife, at the Imperial; C. P. Lynch, at
(be Cosmopolitan.
6
BKAXCn OFPICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALA3JEDA COUNTY
OAKLA2fI>.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2145 Center Street.
Telephone North 71.
AliAMKDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4592-
indescribable fear, for
Mi /$&£$! iF"^S nothin 5 compares with
A MOTHER saa&rtJsy!
of the suffering and danger in store for her, robs the expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the coming event, and casts over her a
shadow of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of women
have found that the use of Mother's Friend during pregnancy rob*
confinement of all pain and danger i and insures safety to life of mother-
and child. This scientific liniment is. a god-send to; all women at the
*imc of their most critical- trial. Not only does Mother's Friend
carry women safely through the perils of child-birth, butitsnsa'
gently "prepares the system for the coming event, prevents "morning
sickness," and other dis- _ . "
comforts of this period. S§M ff&'W'BJI EF* f?&9 €8*
fi^ifU MOTHER'S
containing valuable information free. " ffi"#f*& ff£$F*ffl\M /3Hj|
The Bradficld Regulator Co.. Atlanta. Go. B UuBEmBW&ff.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Court Reverses Murder Judgment.
SAN JOSE,: May J,'. — A telephone
message -.was received this afternoon
SUES HUSDAND FOR SUPPORT.—Char
lotte ; LooBll- yesterday filed a suit for main
tenance against her husband, Charles Loosll.
an cinsloye of Schrotn &. Co. She asks for
$50 a month.
'And those who are brave can ro to the St.
Louis _ Fair, if they have the fare, which is only,
sixty-seven flf ty ¦ there and back by a Southern
and Union Paciflo tourist car. Tickets will - be
on sale three. days next week. \- Don't miss: the
opportunity. 8. ; F. Booth, • General Agent, ; U. v
P. B. • K.. 1 ' Montgomery, street. •
Only the Braves Deserve . the ' Fair.
VALLEJO, May 5. — The body of
Harry Rollins is in charge of the Cor
oner, the young man having com
mitted suicide at his brother's resi
dence in this city by drinking carbolic
acid. The deceased had made: threats
against his life. He made a pillow of
his shoes and stockings and waited for
the end. His brother works , at the
navy yard and his family resides at
Santa Rosa. . <
Drinks Acid to End Life.
,. VANCOUVER, B. C, May 6.— A
special from Brandon says the dam of
the electric -power, company on Sas
katchewan River, nine miles from this
place, has 'been washed away "and a
flood is expected. Already the lower
parts of the city are under water and
grave: fears are entertained for the
city water pumping station. .The dam
cost $75,000 .and' was repaired. during
.the .past winter , at an expense of sev
eral thousand dollars. ., '.'¦> ¦ .
Lower . Parts of Brandon, in • British
Columbia, Are Reported Under.
. Water. '?;;¦:<:
POWER COMPANY DAM .
BREAKS UPON A » TOWN
Conductor Declares He Was Beaten.
SANTA ROSA, May 5. — A warrant
was sworn to by Conductor A. L. Sin
clair of the California Northwestern
Railroad before Justice Atchinson to
day, charging J. Smith with battery.
The conductor had trouble with Mrs.
Smith on his train over the question
of her child's age. He says she de
clared she would tell her husband and
Sinclair declares the latter beat him. '
SAN DIEGO, May • 5.— A dispatch
from Washington says that the Navy
Department has received the report of
the board, \ot which Captain ' J. ' - F.
Moser' was chairman, on the proposed
transfer of the naval 'training station
from • Goat : Island to San Diego : Bay.
The report. does not discuss the ad
visability of the change, hut says that
the' ; . Navy ,-; Department Y has ample
ground for the establishment of a sta
tion here. :-/:¦- * '. ¦ .
Results of Deliberations on Goat Isl
, '. -and Establishment Given to ?>> : :
/ . Department.
REPORT DOES NOT i URGE ' : 'C
NAVAL STATION CHANGE
SAN JOSE, May 5. — A call has been
Issued for the second annual conven
tion of the Central Coast Counties'
Improvement Association. It will be
held at San Miquel May 26. The c'ti
zens of San Miguel are now preparing
for the affair. Each county is en
titled to a representative on the board
of^control, who must be named by his
county delegation at the convention.
County Delegates .Will Gather.
TACOMA, May 5. — B. Dunham and
his wife were arrested to-day on the
charge of assaulting Professor Grant S.
Bond, principal of the Sharpsteln School
at Walla Walla. Yesterday Bond pun
ished the daughter of the Dunhams,
and to-day the entire Dunham family
went to the school and stormed It.
Family Attacks School Principal.
PORTLAND, Ore., May. 5.— The cases
of Charles Cunningham, the Eastern
Oregon "sheep king," Glen H. Saling.
Shelley Jones and Dallas O'Hara,
charged with conspiracy to defraud the
United States Government of public
lands, were brought to an abrupt and
unexpected conclusion by pleas of
guilty being. made when the defendants
were arraigned in the United States
District Court here to-day. Mark
Shackleford was the only one to plead
not guilty and his trial was commenced
this afternoon. Kate James was- dis
charged for want of. probabte cause.. ,
Cunningham, as the rlngleaden, was
imediately sentenced to pay a fine of
$5000. The others, ~ being considered
only as tools of Cunningham, were let
off with a fine of $100 in each case. None
was sentenced, to a term of imprison
ment. •
These convictions. are the direct out
growth of the ; trial of. Asa Thompson.
Receiver df the La Grande, Ore., land
office, last fall: During his trial the de
fendants in the present case, who were
witnesses In the Thompson case, made
admissions , while on the stand which
placed Inspector A. R. Grene of the In
terior Department In possession of the
evidence necessary to convict.
RENO, Nev., May 5. — Five men were
held up in Reno to-night. The. crimes
were committed within ten minutes of
each other and took place in the resi
dence section of Reno. Indications are
they were committed by one man. The
men robbed were James Langton, An
drew Peterson, J. C. Burgess, Frank
Lorraine and J. Scollard. The robber
secured over $100 and. a number of gold
and silver "watches from his victims.
, About 8 o'clock Burgess, in company
with Policeman Berry, met the rob
ber on Commercial Row. Berry start
ed to arrest, the fellow, when he took
to his. heels and escaped in the rail
road : yards. . . Since that time" the - offi
cers-have been scouring all parts of the
city in an effort to catch HTm. Six ar
rests have thus far been made.
Scollard received severe treatment
from the highwayman. He was accost
ed on Lake street, and the robber
struck him on the face with a revolver.
Scollard gave up $10 and a silver watch
and started, to walk off, when the rob
ber struck him on the side of the. head
and kicked him. Scollard came here a
short time ago from ' San Francisco.
All outgoing trains are guarded, and
officers are statlonjed at' other avenues
of escape. Every effort is being made
to capture - the highwayman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, May 5.— London stockhold
ers of the Klondike Estates Corpora
tion have sent Samuel Hale, a New
York mining expert, to Seventy Mile
River, Alaska, north of the Klondike
district, to investigate the great hy
draulic proposition which the company
owns. Thirty miles of placer, ground
on the river was sold to the corporation
by H. G. Torrence, a rich Klondiker,
who was paid partly in cash and partly
in stock. It Is alleged by the London
people that wholesale "salting" was
done. ;.
Interesting Developments Probable in
an Investigation of Placer Land
in Alaska.
LONDON STOCKHOLDERS
CHARGE MINE "SALTING."
Industrious Bandit Commits
an Amazing Number of
Crimes at Night in Eeno
Oregon Men Accused of Con
spiracy Against Govern
ment Merely Pay Fines
The purpose of the convention Is to
discuss measures and means for the
improvement of navigation on the Sac
ramento and San Joaquin rivers and
the protection of adjacent lands from
flood^waters.
•SACRAMENTO, May 5.— Secretary
Morris Brooke of the Sacramento
Chamber of Commerce to-day received
a letter from James M. Wilson, Secre
tary of Agriculture, stating that he
would arrange for C. G. Elliott of the
Department of Agriculture to attend
the river convention to be held in San
Francisco on May 23 by the various
commercial bodies of Northern Cali
fornia. . V«> . .>>-'
Member of the Department in Wash
ington Will Attend the River
Convention.
AGRICULTURE SECRETARY
TO SEND REPRESENTATIVE
ROBS FIVE MEN
WITHIN AN HOUR
PLEAD GUILTY
TO LAND FRAUD
that the Supreme Court has reversed
the Judgment in the case of Xolberto
Coronado, convicted of the murder of
Frank Narona. Coronado was found
guilty of murder in the second de-
gxee and sentenced to life Imprison
ment. The Supreme Court found the
Information defective in that It did
not specify that the victim was a hu
man being. /> >
The Vallejo Chamber of Commerce
has taken the matter in hand and has
appointed committees to arrange to
give the above named gentlemen a
reception and banquet. The visitors,
after inspecting the navy yard
some day the latter part of this
month, will be escorted over to
Vallejo in the evening. The people,
headed by bands, will meet them at
the wharf.
VALLEJO. May 5. — Vallejo people
are desirous of showing their appre
ciation, in some degree at least, of the
work of California Senators, Con
gressmen and labor leaders in secur
ing for a Pacific Coast navy yard the
building of one of the big colliers pro
vided for at the session of Congress
Just closed. There seems little doubt
that the ship will be built at the Mar©
Island navy yard.
California Senators and Representa
tives and Labor Leaders to Be
Given Reception.
VALLEJO WILL HONOR
VISITING LAWMAKERS
TACOMA, Wash.. May 6. — Construc
tion of the first trans-Alaskan rail
road, from tide water to the Yukon,
has been started in earnest at Seward,
where the first spike of the Alaska
Central Railroad was driven on April
16 by Mrs. Burns, wife of the chief
engineer of the Tanana Construction
Company, which has a contract for
building the road.
A long trestle has been completed
from the Seward dock to the shore
and rails have been laid. For ten
miles grading and construction are un
der waj; with 300 men at work. The
contracts let call for \he completion of
twenty-one miles of road as far as
I^ake Kenai by July 15. Seventy-three
carloads of rails have arrived from,
Kansas City and will be carried north
by the Alaska Pacific Navigation Com
pany. The first locomotive is already
In use at Seward, which town Is grow
ing' rapidly. It has 700 people and
more than 200 houses are being built.
to the Yukon River Rapid
ly Under Way.
Work on the Une From Tide Water
BUHJDIXG OF RAILWAY.
¦•V -'¦¦ IN* ALASKA PROGRESSING
SACRAMENTO, May 5.— A call has
been issued for a conference of the
dried fruit growers of the State, to be
held at San Jose next Tuesday. Con
ditions which now menace the dried
fruit Industry will be 'discussed and
some line of action agreed upon which
shall place the Industry upon a rea
sonably profitable basis. It is believed
that the present situation of the in
dustry is a most critical one, because
the growers are not united and each
one Is competing with all the others
in the selling market. Bankers, mer
chants and manufacturers have been
Invited to attend the conference to
give the growers the benefit of their
counsel and influence. It is believed
that, the meeting will bring about a
thoroughly business-like organization
that will promote the profitable mar
keting of dried fruits.'
Conditions Which Menace Important
Industry Will Be Discussed and .
Organization Perfected.
DRIED FRUIT GROWERS
TO HOIjD A CON'FEREXCE
.* &AKERSFIELD. May 5. — Seven
• T f '/'*- " n l° n machinists are here taking
\the, place of seven men who struck
"fcf-the S-anta Fe shops. They are oc
•cGpying cars fitted up for living quar
tvr* in the yard?.
Non-f nlon Machinists Employed.
Clergymen Purchase a Resort.
. \SAXTA CRUZ. May 5.— The Advent
.Christian church of Northern Callfor
rd.1:has closed a deal giving it five
ec*res of land alcng the line of the
Capitola Electric Railway, on the
east borders of Corcoran's lagoon, for
a -resort and meeting-place.
Bftkersflcld Man Goes to Prison
-.' \ BAKERSFIELD. May 5.— Leonard
-.G. Wesley was to-day sentenced to one
. £aear «in San Quentin for burglary, to
'tvhierr he pleaded guilty. Wesley, ac
- c-prnpanieti his uncle, B. F. Hoy. a
rancher at San Emedio, in a night raid
."'¦upon neighboring: farmers, during
TChk-*i 51*0 worth of honey was stolen.
By Instructions from the last State con
vention oJ fruit irr6wers this committee was
directed to devise and put into operation plans
for the co-operative organization of the dried
fruit interests of the .Pacific Coast, Including
nuts and raisins. After earnest deliberation
this committee unanimously recommended a
general plan of work which has been very
generally published.
To promote the work of organization upon
these or other lines this committee deems it
advisable that a convention of fruit growers
be called to confer concerning the ! condition!
which now menses, this industry and if pos
sible to agree upon eome line of action which
shall gradually place it upon a reasonably
profitable basis year by year.
It is believed that the present situation of
this great industry is a most critical ons,
not because the world does not want our pro
ducts, but because our fruit growers are defy
ing all rules that are now essential to suc
cess In the marketing of any product — leaving
it to market itself and each one to compete
with all others In the selling market.
As this industry is in a large measure the
basis of the commercial prosperity of . many
important cities of our State we appeal to
the leaders In all lines of trade — bankers,
merchants and manufacturers — to seriously
consider this matter and give this movement
the advantage of their counsel and influence,
to the end that the present chaotic methods
of marketing may be replaced by a safe.
economic and thorouehly businesslike organ
ization to promote the marketing of these lines
of coast products.
Therefore, to advance this work a confer
ence is hereby called of all who ara Interested
in It. to meet at San Jose. Mav 10, at 1:30
p. m. AH associations of growers are especial
ly Invited to be represented by their full
boards of director?, so far as possible, and
the presence of representatives from the bank-
In?, mercantile and manufacturing: interests Is
earnestly desired.
F. fl. Babb of San Jose. S. G. Rodeck of
Campbell. A. I>. McCray of Fresno, F. Q.
Story of Los Angeles, Arthur R. Brlggs of
San Francisco, H. P. Stabler of Tuba City.
George A. Lamlman of Olinda. R. C. Allen of
Bonita, A. D. Bishop of Orange,* W. P. Weber
of Santa Paula. Thomas Jacob of Tulare,
Frank E. Kellogg of Goleta. B. F. Walton of
Tuba City, committee.
SACRAMENTO, May 5.— The follow
ing address has been Issued to the
dried fruit growers, of California:
Special Dispatch to The Call,
After the calling of the roll of dele
gates, which showed that several more
delegates had arrived since yesterday,
and other preliminary business had
been attended to a telegram from the
Grand Court of Oregon was received
and read, as was also one from the
Grand Court at Tucson and the court
: at Willows. A message was also re
! ceived from H. L. Simon of San Fran
j Cisco, who was unable to attend the
! session on account of a recent accident.
An invitation to hold the next Grand
Court at Watsonville was received in a
| telegram from the Mayor and Board of
Aldermen of that city and also from
Court Pajaro of that city, but as the
matter of where to hold the next ses
sion has. not yet come up for considera
tion the invitations were not discussed.
The proposition of the executive com
mittee procuring suitable headquarters
also came up again and a resolution
was adopted recommending that such
be done. The question of fixing the
j bond of the great secretary and treas
urer for the coming year also came be
| fore the court, and after a heated dis
i cusslon it was decided to leave the
! bond Just as it was fixed at the preced
j ing session of the Grand Court. The
'election of officers will "occur to-mor
row. The report of the committees on
appeals and grievances and laws and
amendments were presented and the
report or the committee on the state of
the order was under consideration at
the time of adjournment.
In the headquarters for the ladies
who came with their husbands and
friends to the Grand Court there is a
feature of the meeting here this week
that has been overlooked. The dining
room of the Hotel Hanford is dressed
in beauty and furnished so as to make
a complete rest room and social parlor
for all those who call to enjoy the
hours. Wednesday night the ladies en
tertained a large number of ladies and
gentlenysn in a very excellent manner
and added greatly to the efforts of the
men of Hanford who have their pro
grammes eisewhere.
HANFORD. May 5.— The Grand
• Court of the Foresters of America
I spent to-day in real business. The vis
| itors were entertained Wednesday at
I the fair grounds and a programme of |
i athletic sports was enjoyed. In the
i evening a concert by the Sixth Regl
! ment band entertained the public, but
f during that time most of the delegates
j to the court were in caucus doing poli
! tics. .
i This was the first day since the con-,
vening of the Grand Court here Tues
day morning that more than a half
day session had been held. Both the
forenoon and afternoon sessions of to
day were rather strenuous ones, as
) quite a lot of business had to be taken
i care of.
SpwriaJ Disratch to The Call
Election of Officers of the
j Order and Important Mat-
ters Scheduled for To-Day
Committee Named by Last
Convention Explains Im
portance of Organization
NEED OF QUICK ACTION
EECKEATION SET ASIDE
Call Issued for Session at
San Jose to Discuss Mar
keting of Dried Products
FK.ESXO. May f>. — Pretty 18-year
' oid "Minnie- Snow, daughter of Ben
Snow, a prosperous farmer of Dinuba,
•IS missing and not a trace of her can
.lie found. She has not been seen since
. Monday nignt. when she sold her bi
oyrte and left Dinuba lor Fresno. She
•.• va$, seen to got off the train at Fresno
.T»V Conductor Ben Stone. It is feared
trfat she has been enticed away from
'" her home by a young: man who for
;the last two years has been paying at
tentions to the girl against the wishes
of- her parents.
' * Thinking their daughter had gone
.to a friend's tfouse for the night, no
* search was made Tuesday. On
Wednesday the parents reported the
matter to Constable Karper, who im
mediately started for Fresno. After
the* train left Dinuba he discovered
' thet the young man was on the same
train.. The latter got off at Reedley
and fo did the constable, who tried to
'!l?et the reputed lover to tell him where
The girl was, but he y.id he knew
I tf!o;hing about her.
the Train at Fresno and
'There All Trace Is Lost
•.Conductor Sees Her Leave
Pretty Daughter of Wealthy
..Farmer at Dinuba Dis
"• appears During the Night
— . — *
OFFICERS ABE NOTIFIED
Grand Court That Is in Ses
sion at Hanford Transacts
a Volume of Business
GIRL'S ABSENCE
CAUSES ALARM
FORESTERS HAVE
A BUSTLING DAY
FRUIT GROWERS
WILL ASSEMBLE
THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- FRIDAY, MAY 6,^190*.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Skin 'Diseases
of the most stubborn and chronic kind
are promptly relieved and eventually .
cured by the use of " ' .
Hydruzone
This powerful germicide is ab-,
solutely harmless. It has cured
cases pronounced incurable and
will cure you. By; killing the
germs that cause skin diseases, it
allows Nature to restore a healthy
skin. Used and endorsed by lead-
' ing physicians everywhere for the
; last 12 years. Booklet on request.
Sold by leading: drnffjHsU ¦ or trial
bottle sent prepaid on receipt of 25 cents.
61 O Prince St., New York.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• - ¦ ¦ ;••-•¦ -\ ¦ . ¦ . ¦ .-. f ¦-..•-.-¦¦. ¦'.''- - ¦-.: ¦ ¦¦ . .¦¦¦¦¦-¦¦¦¦ -. ¦¦,.--.-'. ¦-¦¦..¦¦ ...../¦¦ ____^__________^_~__j
Regal Output Doubled
/ T V WO great additions have been built on to the Regal factory at Whitmstti,"
Mass., increasing the capacity of the Regal. plant 100 percent
With fifteen new Regal stores opening this Spring, and more coming,"
and the rest of the seventy-two Regal stores doing double business, — this
increase of factory capacity became necessary in order to take care of demands already existing.,-
It's aU a part* of the original Regal program— to manufacture the very best shoes that the very best leather
and the highest grade of skilled workmanship could produce; to sell them direct to the wearer — instead of through
leather-dealers, wholesalers and retailers— at the wholesale price ; and to probe ebery single claim Ive make.
We have probed that " Tannery to Wearer " is more than a familiar sentence — a short-cut system that
enables us to sell you direct, .at $3.50, the equal of any shoe sold anywhere at any price. We have probed by the
well-known" Valvic -Test" in Regal windows that bur Valvic Calfskin is exactly what we claim it to be — porous
but waterproof— clean, light, cool and comfortable. We have probed that only good old-fashioned oak-tanned
leather is used in Regal soles by the "Window of the Sole "-^a removable label on every Regal shoe that discloses
a section of clean, close-fibred, unblackened, oak-tanned leather. We have probed by publicly dissecting thousands
of shoes with the famous Regal buzz-saw that Regal vamps are whole, not patched at the toe, that Regal heel-
stiffenings, toe-boxes and inner soles are solid sole leather, and that every last bit of Regal material is the best that
can be put into shoes.
The largest retail shoe business in the Ivorld, — built up on a foundation of one price, one profit, honest
material and first-Kdass workmanship. v .
gal Mail Order Depart- Women's Store, Cor.
ment, 109 Summer Street, ¦m m^m^^ , -__ _ •^¦» (^ l^ _ . _,
There are 72 Regal stores, 22 of them in Greater New York, where the styles originate. The new styles are on sale at our San Francisco
store at the same time as in the New York stores.
».•... ¦ ; / ' __L_1l
BEOAL SHOES.
jll This Cap Label ||
"511 ** a dZrzr ' ite of e purity gff
¦ V ] i^d richness of our B&
..§ Brand m
: M Evaporated m
•;¦¦ Cream m
/¦ IS to anyone able to prove fig
¦ ' • iHI adulteration Bflm.
iffiiy of our product xBfik
* Developing . *
-.. and Printing
.."KODAK WORK IS "MT""*6PECIAL.TT.
I have eft the race on low prlcaa on this
• .n-crk and I have established a standard cf
, ?¦xaellence which ctve» Jt special value.
Here are 'a iew uricei:
DEVELOPING. '
flcU of mix 10c
. Roll of twelve 13c
• FRINTDCO.
Sollo -finish 3c to Be
• .Velo^ finish 3c to 6c
* ' 'All popular r lrr« of dayligrbt loading
filmt at popular prlcei. Out-of-town orders
. pnyrjPily filled.
inn visiT|N&
Iv/v/cARDsssr; OUy
' COHttCT STYLti -AWD &IZC*. AtW)
. »USM«CCS AND PKOIlUK>niLL CAftOt
that nm pitts
TWPITTS-Tl,. <M •Ci*n~'.
1008 Market Street- J&KL
£»n FVnriciaco- ,
DR.PIERCES i
€5 OB. 35 EM
MEDICAL j
- HISCOVERY
: . FOR THE
' Lc<LOOP.HVER.i.UWGS;i
•nhTTOTTrP for. barbers, ba-
DnUk^liLu Vjcn - *»ootblack«, batV
UUUWUUW hwKf, billiard tafcJ««.
brewers, bookbinder*, candy makers, cacnf*.
«!yera. floor mill*, foundries, laundrte*. paper-
barren. * printer*, painters, •ho* facto-U*.
statjiemen. tur-ror.fer*. tanner*, tailor*, ete.-
BTTCKASrAJr BEOS..
"Bnisi Manuf *ctmrers. 609 Sacramento St.
Weak" Men and Women
SHOXr'LJi L'FE DAMIANA BITTEHS. THB
Great Mexican Remedy; clve» health aal
•V-ecftta t» »rxuaJ or* a&fc ' Depot. 323 Market.
I Get On at San Francisco 1
I Get Off at St. Louis 1
fi& Thro' palace sleeping cars leave San Francisco every day," %\
W and { thro' tourist sleeping cars on certain days, running to s^l
H] St. Louis via Salt Lake City, Denver and the Burlington. 1^
HI Get on at San Francisco '— v ggfj
|H Get off at St. Louis. . ; j \
II That's the whole story of a trip to the World's Fair, if yon rj
H • make sure that your ticket reads over the Burlington east of K
&J Denver. a
pi All meals beyond Denver served in Burlington dining cars ." K
HI — best on wheels— at moderate prices. jCi
!§ Detailed information is yours for the asking. - This coupon, o
pi when properly filled out 'and mailed to Mr. Sanborn, will bring 5j|
|H prompt reply.. I'J
K$ 8 f 4 ?¦¦ \
pj W. D. SANBORN, General Agent Burlington Route, t*4
g^l 63 1 Market Street. 8AN FRANCISCO. _ - " " ' hi
pi ' Please send me complete information about the Burlington . |jj
CM Overland Excursions. .;-i - t;|
KB I want to go to h}
III Address ' * luWhen the remittance man at Naga
saki talked of a dilapidated but gen
uine Stradivarius violin which he was
willing to sell for $20 he found a
ready listener In Chief Officer. Randall
of the army transport Sheridan. Ran
dall is known among his shipmates as
the Paderew3ki of the banjo. He
knows more, about .violins now than
he did when he acquired the remit
tance man's "Strad."
"Can you fix this up?" asked Ran
dall • of the violin expert at a local
music, establishment when he had
brought his prize home.
"Yes, Indeed," replied the expert,
after carefully examining the disman
tled musical instrument "Sure we
can fix it. you $30, though."
"Oh, that's all right." Randall had
been reading up on old violins and
knew something of the market v'orth
of the seasoned products of the fam
ous Cremona workshop.
"What do you think of this instru
ment, anyway?" asked the. sailor.
"Well," he said, "when we have
done that $30 worth of work oh it it
will be worth about $S."
"Eight dollars," gasped Randall.
"Why, man, you're crazy. Read what
that plate says. Read it."
This Is what the expert read en-
Guaranteed as Genuine.
¦ 8p«cUl Information ¦uDplied dally c*
business 1 bot»«a und public men by tht
iloraU «tr««t, T«lephoa« Main lou, *^
Townnend's California Olace 'fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market at.*
"I suppose you and your daughters
agree pretty well?"
"Agree perfectly, except on just, one
point."
"What's that?" N
"I'd prefer self-supporting sons-in
law."—Cleveland Plain Dealer.
At the summer school of the University
of California instruction is to be given in music by a
competent professor of the art. This has been a long
sought feature of Berkeley training and records a good
beginning in a* field neglecte"d. < Let' us hope that the ex
periment may. lead to a permanent accession to the col
lege curriculum.
Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: will
you allow me to suggest through the
medium .of your popular paper the Im
portance of the Mayor of our city ap
pointing his ,' committees, to urrange
for the celebration of the Fourth of
July? Already the Native Sons and
the labor organizations are at work
preparing for their respective days and
SAN FRANCISCO. May 5.
A Hint to, the Mayor.
Teachers in the public schools of Oakland have reason
to believe that a little agitation will win for them the
concession of 116 reduction in salary because of forced
absence frftm duty due to illness. In urging their re
quest it will be eminently wise for the Oakland peda
gogues to ignore the precedents created by school au
thorities in \ San Francisco. It appears to be a tradi
tional policy of school officials here to make the in
structor lose what she'eannot fight for.
MR. JEFFREY, agricultural , editor of the Los
Angeles Times, sounds * note of warning re
specting the quality of oranges in that part of
the State. He says: "While no one is able to swear by
bell, book and candle as to the cause of decadence in
a large number of orange crops every season, all will
agree as to the fact. I have seen a number of orange
groves this season, . laden with fruit, with scarcely a
merchantable specimen in the whole lot. Localities that
were producing 50 to 75 per cent fancy fruit a few 1 years
ago now put out large quantities of standards, a less
amount of choice and a few fancies. Orchards whose
fruit would bear the strenuous ills of a month from
tree to; market,* without" loss, arc now producing fruit
that will not- hold up. long enough to reach San; Fran
cisco. Without frost or other climatic injury, there arc
thousands of boxes of oranges this year that are too
DEFECTIVE ORANGES.
WHITE HOUSE EXPENSES G. T.
D., Oat Hill, Napa County. Cal. The
bulk of the expenses of. the White
House. Washington. D. C. are paid by
the President out of his salary. , There
Is. however, a contingent fund, appro
priated annually by Congress, which
meejs part of them. This is under
stood to cover all repairs and furnish
ings of the mansion, the- care of the
grounds, greenhouse and the salaries
of such employes as night watchman,
a doorkeeper. Janitor and policemen
also the President's private secretary
and assistant clerks and finally such
expenses as stationery. postage
stamps, etc. It depends somewhat on
the President's wish wb.at shall be
paid out of the contingent fund. To
ascertain what the amount of con
tingent fund appropriated was for
each Prestderttfal term since the days
of Jefferson It would be necessary to
examine the records at Washing
ton, a *• k*s+ "
The director of the municipal observ
atories of Paris give's an interesting
scientific explanation of the hoar frosts
of spring, and one that again vindi
cates the soundness of observation em
bodied in proverbial sayings. In all
countries of the world the "red" or
April moon has been considered from
time immemorial dangerous for vege
tation, and the fact, though crudely
expressed, is fully confirmed by modern
science.' During April radiation of heat
from the earth at night is considerable,
while absorption of heat from the sun
during the day is still slight. "At the
same time, the low temperature clears
the air of vapors, with the result that
the moon shines more brilliantly, and
the combined result is to produce those
sharp falls in temperature that cause
the hoar frosts dreaded by farmer and
agriculturist.— London Globe.
The Red Moon.
After years of costly experiment the Federal courts
seem to have found a way to keep out of this country
the horde of Chinese coolies that have Jbcen forcing the
barriers of exclusion under the thin disguise of "native
sons." As yet, however, the very, admirable corrective
of criminal proceedings against the white allies of these
Mongols has not. been used.
A gentleman whose sense of the religious proprieties
was outraged a few days since smote a lady friend on
the head with a heavy chair because she insisted upon
diverting herself in a game of cards on the day dedi
cated to rest. While one^may not gainsay the morality
of the strenuous gentleman, the most conservative must
question his method. He should be placed in an institu
tion where the enforcement of Sabbath calm is like that
of every other day, a mere matter of discipline and
routine.
Treasure which they full well knew
Gleamed there, although hid from view.
In the meantime light winds pass
Softly through the flowery mass, # .
And the petals, white as snpw.
Float, with. lingering course and slow
Silent to the ground below.
Whitening the soft green grass.
— Oscar Johnson, in National Magazine
-for May.
Now the plum trees, white with bloom.
Fill the air with sweet perfume:
Whispering breezes, breathing soft,
»6tir the bloomy boughs, and waft
Sweetest fragrance in the air.
And the petals white and fair,
Loosened by soft winds that pass.
Float like flakes of scented snow
Silent to the ground below.
Whitening the soft green grass.
Tropic Isles of spice and palm.
Where is endless summer heat.
And where skies are fair and calm.
Never filled the roving breeze
As it sped o'er southern seas
With a scent more softly sweet
Than the delicate perfume
Of the plum tree's snowy bloom.
Busily the' honey bees
Toil among the blooming trees. '
Feasting in sweet scented bowers
On the fair and snowy flowers;
8of tly humming as they creep
O'er the petals, crawling deep
Into each fresh blossom-cup.
And, soon after, bringing up
Plum Blossoms.
DAVY JONES' LOCKER — A. O. S..
Oakland. Cal. It is a common thing
for sailors to say of a person who is
dead that he has gOne to "Davy Jones'
locker." Smolett, in "Perigrene
Pickle," says: "Davy Jones, according
to the mythology of sailors, is the
fiend that presides over all the evil
spirits of the deep." a locker, in
sailors' phraseology, is something that
locks up or keeps any" 'ig safe. Hence
to go to Davy Jones' locker, is to bo
placed In Old Nick's lockup.:
PEBBLE — A. M.. City. Pebble I*p
the trade name for a transparent rock
crystal or quartz used in the making 1
of lenses for eyeglasses and spectacles.
This class of crystal is obtained from
Madagascar, Switzerland and Brazil.
That from the last named country, on
account of its exceptional , hardness
and transparency, is the pre
ferred pebble for the use of opticians.
There are very few substances in na
ture that are hard enough to make a
mark on quartz pebble.
THE MADSTOXE— W. H. S.. City.
There is considerable difference of
opinion as to the value of what is
known as the madstone. those who
have studied the matter for many
years not being unanimous as to It3
merits. It is a greenish porous stone,
said to possess the property of draw
ing the venom from the bite of a mad
dog or other animal afflicted with
hydrophobia.
When the thickness of the crust of
parafflne renders a cleansing necessary
this instrument is inserted in the pipe
at the -oil fields. The pressure of the
stream of oil drives it forward, re
volving rapidly as it hurries along,
and scrapes the channel clean.
It turns and twists and cleanses in
this manner throughout its whole
Journey and finally drops from the
piper in the midst of the vast stream
of petroleum that empties into the>re
ceiving tanks. Its edges are duller
than when it set out on its journey,
but otherwise It is in perfect condi
tion. ' It is at once shipped back to
th* oil wells, where it is sharpened and
laid away until its services are again
needed.
The device that is used to remedy
this evil is a knife about two feet in
length, with a sharp edge, constructed
like the thread of a screw; indeed, the
knife resembles a huge headless screw.
It is, of course, slightly smaller than
the pipe through which it Is to pass.
• As the oil flows through these un
derground conduits some of the paraf
fine in the fluid incrusts the sides of
the pipe and proves a serious hin
drance to the free passage of the cur
rent of oil.
The long pipes that carry crude
petroleum from the oil wells to the
refineries many miles distant are
cleaned by an ingenious device, which
is described by a writer in the Omaha
Bee. ¦ •";-• -'-VvX 4
Cleaning Oil Pipes.
She glided into the Receiving Hos
pital en her tiptoes, and, going to the
telephone that hung on the wall,
asked for "Central." The strange
voice at the phone attracted the at
tention of the chief steward, who saw
that the woman had her mouth to the
transmitter but without removing the
receiver. Upon his inquiring whom she
wished to speak to, she answered that
she wished to communicate with Gen
eral W. H. L. Barnes on a very im
portant case. The nature of her
troubles she at first hesitated to com
municate, but on a little coaxing im
parted the information that she
wished to commence an action against
Admiral Dewey for a breach of prom
ise of marriage. She stated that she
was a schoolmate of George Dewey
and that when they were together in
the past he promised to make her his
wife when he arrived at legal age.
She now understood that he was old
enough to marry and she wanted him
to keep his promise.
Her Blighted Affection.
view to introduce in Germany what
ever he find? worthy of recommenda
tion. His trip will be what the Ger
mans call a "Ptudienreise"— literally a
"study journey." •'Studienreisen" to
the Vnited States are now consir «?red
an' Indispenrabie part cf the equip
ment which a modern, up-to-date Ger
. man business man must have. Dozens
of bic German merchants and manu- ,
-fa'cturers from all over the. fatherland
will make them this summer, .md it is
therefore natural that Emperor Wil
liam, v.ho is the greatest German busi
ness man of all, should order his Min
isters to follow suit.
Herr Moeller, who is a T/estphalian
and 64 years old. is cr.e of the few Ger
* mans occupying high Government rank
wbo comes from y"'self-mada" stock.
Most German Cabinet officers and high
ftxoctior.arif-s are baror.s, counts or no
bles; wit:, •vnn" attached to their
rajnes. Herr Moell*>r. howf-ver. is the
•descendant cf pood old "buergerliche"
-progenitors. He is known throughout
the country as '"the long Moeller" -n
account of hi? extreme height. Moel
ler ranks as the leading authority and
'/rankest advocate of the trust system
* In German. He belle\-es that combina
tion is the order cf the age and that
unless great manufacturing interests
pool Issues for a common purpose Ger
many cannot hold its own In the mar
kets of the world in competition with
-tbe* creat combines of America. He
thinks, however, that the American
"community of interests" idea is not
•"-Meal, because of the overcapitalization
teature and the plaring of too much
' power in a few hands.
Herr Moeller is the' most popular
Minister Germany has ever
* had. because he ranks as a practical
mart. He still retains his interests in
bis machinery manufacturing and tan
nery business at his native town of
Bielefeld. Westphalia, and is a director
lr/ banks, insurance companies and va
rious other industrial enterprises. He
epeaks English perfectly, an accom
pliskment now common among the
* higher class of German officials, and
-looks for all the world like the presi
dent of some big American bank or
•manufacturing: company. He is thor
oughly- democratic in manner, ap
proachable and communicative, and is
pure to prove a revelation to Ameri
can's whose idea of the German official
.canjures up some stiff, severe bureau
crat, with a military manner and
haughty exterior.
The Prussian Minister "of Commerce
will )>e accompanied to America by four
of bis department chiefs. Their reports
on -American conditions are certain to
be thorough and exhaustive, as every
thing of that character is in this coun
try. He will be the third official the
Kaiser has sent to the United States
on such m. mission. Privy Councilor
Goldbefger, whose report In a book en
titled "The Land of Unlimited Possibil
ities" created a sensation here, was the
HERB THF-GDOR MOF.LUEK. PRUS
SIAN' MINISTER OF cOMMKnCE,
WHO VISITS AMERICA SOON.
SHEDDING HAIR— A. S.. City. All
fur-bearing animals shed hair. It is
part of nature's work and there Is
nothing that will prevent a Spitz dog
or any other anirral with a hairy coat
from sheddir»j the same a"t certain pe
riods.
Answers to Queries.
'"The metal's all right, but I wonder
where the deuce Stradivarius got hold
of a piece of aluminum."
graved on. white metal .securely set in
the fiddle's neck: * . '.'-'•' ¦*"¦
"Antonio Stradivari, Cremona. 1700.
This signature Is guaranteed. ' No vio
lins-genuine without the name on the
little white plate:"
"Did you notice the date?" inquired
the expert. ¦
"You bet I did," said the sailor.
"1700, and that's the time he turned
out his best instruments."
"Did you notice the metal."
"Of course I did. Guess I showed
it to you. What's the matter with
the metal?"
EIGHT DOLLARS! WHY. MAN.
YOU" RE CRAZY. READ WHAT
THAT PLATE SATS.
LLOYD'S Register of Shipping, the standard En
glish journal of marine statistics, has recently
published a review of the shipbuilding now in
progress throughout all the yards of the United King
dom. Aside from the warship construction, now at the
highest mark of activity, the Register notes some fig
ures on the building of merchant ships which should
have a strong appeal to those who hope to see the
American merchant marine flourishing again on the seas.
Lloyd's returns on the shipbuilding interests for the
last quarter ending March 31 show that, excluding war
ships, there were 398 vessels of 988,664 gross tonnage
under construction in British yards at that date. Of
these 353 were steam vessels and the remainder of the
old sailing class. For the use of the British- merchant
marine 265 of the vessels building are designed; 15
of them are under construction on orders from the
colonies and the others -are being built to fly the flag
of foreign countries. The'total tonnage of vessels build
ing in British yards is Qoioob higher than it was at the
end of the preceding quarter and comes very near the
high-water mark established in the month of September,
1901. Adding to these figures a total of 74 battleships
with a gross displacement of: 377,115 now under' course
of construction brings the whole record of shipbuilding
for the last quarter up to something well calculated to
inspire our own struggling industry with envy.
For, in contrast to that display of energy in the build
ing of ships, our -own figures are pitifully meager. In
all the yards of the United States, save those on the
Great Lakes, whence figures have not yet been obtained,
the shipbuilding for ' the. same quarter is represented
by the construction of 63 steam and sailing vessels of
over a hundred tons burden, the (total tonnage of which
is 122,935. Of these vessels 17 are building at the
Philadelphia yards, 16 at New .York, 12 at San Francisco
and other coast concerns and the remainder at the
smaller }\-irds on the 'Atlantic Coast.
Under the benign influence of subsidies the rival mer
chant marines of foreign countries have so flourished
that every year our merchants p.y . full $200,000,000
in tolls for the transportation of their goods in foreign
bottoms. With Great Britain, France and Germany the
United States supplies one-half of the total international
commerce of the world, according to the recently enun
ciated statistics of Mr. Austin, Chief c* the Bureau of
Statistics of the Department of Commerce and- Labor.
The increase in the exports from the United States since
1870 is equal to that of the United Kingdom and
Germany combined, yet our output of vessels in which
our goods might be carried to the markets of Europe
is over So per cent less than that of Great Britain, our
s:rpngcst rival in the carrying trade.
From such a position favorable legislation by Con
gress alone can raise us. No stronger argument in favor
of. the passage of the shipping bill could be found than
that made eloquent by the comparison between the fig
ures Lloyd's Register gives for British, shipbuilding
and those representing our own feeble activities in the
same industry.
SHIPBUILDING COMPARISONS.
The Japanese have at last forced their valorous way
to the Manchurian side of the Yalu River. Land fighting
ut dignity and seriousness sufficient to enlist the atten
tion of the world has T>egun. The troops of. the Mikado
must now face the far more stupendous problem of
getting back alive into Korea. Even stupidity will not
explain the lamentable showing thus far made by the
Russians. . r , :
Out in the Gulf of Mexico sixty-flve
miles from Key West toward the set
ting sun. rise half a dozen barren
sand bars from the exquisite turquoise
blue waters. One of these. Garden
Key. is a Government fort and coal
ing station, another Is, the Loggerhead
Key, oar last outpost toward Cuba and
Central America. Other islets are un
tenanted. save when the great sea
turtles crawl; one alone. Bird Key, is
pre-empted by the birds. It would be
hard to find a more desolate or iso
lated resion. Though the climate is
warm throughout the year, it is not
until May that the feathered hosts ar
rive from the far South at this sandy
rendezvous. In the van come the nod
dles, a few about the first of -May, and
the rest within a few days. A week
later the sooty terns pour in, and it
is said that within a week after their
arrival both kinds begin to lay. At the
time of our coming nearly all the birds
had eggs and were devoting themselves
to their family cares.
To reach the buildings from the. lit
tle landing place we had to pass
through a tract of bushes, and here
it was that I saw the first nests of the
noddies. Upon the tops, or in the forks
of the bushes each pair had built a
rather rude yet fairly substantial plat
form of sticks, only slightly hollow
ed, and upon each one sat a dark gray
bird. There was something about these
graceful little creatures that instantly
took me by storm — a case of love at
first sight. The. noddy is very, much
like a dove,. except for Its webbed iteet,
in sire, in form. In the softness of its
plumage, the expression of its large
dark eyes and Its gentle, confiding
ways. There is no wild affright as the
stranger approaches. Just a shadow
of fear is evident, but the birds sit
quietly on their nests, hoping and
trusting, and do not fly unless ap
proached almost within arm's reach.
Then they flit gently away, alighting
upon a neighboring bush until the in
truder has withdrawn, when they re
turn directly to their charge. It seem
ed remarkable to find birds so per
fectly tame. — Outing.
Life on Bird Key.
The Senate of this republic at the
time when Patrick Henry Hanway
was given his seat therein was a
thing of granite and ice to all new
comers. The oldsters took /no more
notice of the novice in their midst
than if he had not been, and It was
Senate tradition that a member must
hold his seat a year before he could
speak and three before he could be
listened to. If a man were cast away
on a desert island the local savage
might be relied upon to meet him on
the beach and welcome him with
either a square meal or a club. Not
so in the cold customs of the Senate.
The wanderer thrown upon its arctic
shores might starve or freeze or per
ish in what way he would; never an
oldster of them all would make a
sign. Each sat in mighty state, like
some ancient walrus on his cake of
ice, and made the new one feel his
littleness. If through Ignorance or
worse the new one sought to be
heard, the old walruses goggle-eyed
him ferociously. If the new one per
sisted they slipped from their
cakes of Ice and swam to the
seclusion of the cloakroom, leav
ing the new one talking to him
self. This snub was commonly
enough to cause the collapse of the
new one. after which the old walruses
would return to their cakes of Ice.
When Patrick Henry Hanway came
to Washington he was unhampered of
even a shadow of concern for any
public good. His sole thought was
himself; his patriotism, .if he pos
sessed any, had perished long before.
Some said that Its feeble wick went
flickering out in those earlier days of
Civil War. Patrick Henry Hanway.
rather from a blind impression of
possible pillage than any eagerness to
uphold a Union which seemed«top
pling to its -fall, enlisted; ;f or -ninety
days. As he plowed through mud
and rain on the painful occasion of a
night march he addressed tb* 'man
on his right in these remarkable
words:
'•Bill, this is the last damned, time
I'll ever love a country."
And it was. — The Illustrated Sport
ing News. r-^,
No Mare Love.
• ¦ Special Correspondence.
/ BERLIN. April 22.— In further pur
"tuance of his well-established policy of
'^borrowing for industrial Germany
..^verything erood which the United
?tate? has 10 offer, Kmperor William
,'bas deputized his Prussian Minister of
v"ommercf. Herr Theedor MoeHer, to
go to America in August, study the in
dustrial siu»» of the St. Louis Exposi
tion and make an exhaustive investiga
tion of commerce and finance, vrith a
German Minister Coming.
truly the Fourth of July la the day of
all days to every American and ample
time should be taken. Yours respect
fully, FRANK C. DUNLAP.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
5 HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN, LONDON, April 24.—Rich
ard Croker will have his newly ac
quired residence in Ireland full during
the time the Kins is visiting Ireland
and no end of leading lights among the
sporting fraternity of New York will
be there to see the "Boss" and the
King trying conclusions at the 1 Leop
ardstown race meeting. In consequence
of the death of the Duke of Cambridge,
King Edward decided to withdraw all
but a few of his horses from important
racing engagements. He has consented
that one or two racers which have
been in training in Ireland under the
care of McXally shall sport the royal
colors during his Irish visit and on
each occas'on he will be opposed by
one cf Croker's best, a horse signifi
cantly named St. Patrick's Day, which
is understood to be carrying much New
York money.
His Majesty's Racers.
Special Correspondence
THE Hearst boom is like one of ;¦ the old-style
prairie fires that used to burn in the blue joint
grass. It would strike a wet place and . seem
to go out and the watchful farmers would go home
and go to bed. Then the wind would . rise and the
smoldering sparks would jump into dry grass and pretty
soon the fire would blaze high again, and the ; tocsin
would summon, the sleeping and' swearing farmers to
do more back firing.
Two weeks ago the Hearst boom struck a wet place
and seemed to die out. The Parker farmers in the
party went to bed and while they slept the sparks caught
in Chicago and had burned all the Parker blue joint in
Cook County. The boom then jumped the Mississippi
and soon the political welkin of Iowa was:;- lit) up by a
conflagration that destroyed all the opposition grass. .
The Democratic State Convention at Des Moines was
the liveliest seen since the days of Will Tomlinson and
Cow-and-calf Cole. The Parker forces made up in fight
what* they lacked in numbers, but the Hearst faction
Valued them, even as the Japs did the Russians. The
Hawkeye delegation went Hearst a-whooping, though
not without several painful episodes, which* members of
the peace party sincerely regret. It seems to have been
something of a race war. Against Hearst were Con
gressman Wade, Jerry Sullivan, the last candidate for
Governor, and M. F. Healy, three leading Irish Demo
crats, who have probably received copies of Mr. Barry's
newspaper, in which Mr. Hearst is despitefully treated
in prose and poetry.
The leading delegate at large is General J. B. Weaver,
a picturesque and miscellaneous figure in politics. For
merly a Republican office-holder, he became a green
backer and was that party's candidate for the Presi
dency in 18S0, receiving 306,219 votes. After that he
served a couple of terms in Congress and in 1892 was
the Populist candidate for the Presidency and* was sup
ported by Bryan, who had just acquired the Symptoms
of the fusion habit, from which he still suffers. Weaver's
stock rose. He received 1,025,187 popular votes and 23
electoral votes from five States. His campaign was
made on the stump with Mrs. Lease, the steam siren
of Populism, and was one of the novelties and wonders
Mr. Hearst will do well to keep his eye pn WVaver
and his pocket-book handy, for the general is a seduc
tive speaker, has the habit of running for office,* and
there are certain tones in his oratorical voice that
the reason of men fleeing to brutish beasts for shelter.
Weaver has all the breeding of a dark horse, and when
he whinnies nominations stop grazing and run to him.
Weaver's colleague, Judge Carr, has despaired of the
republic these many years. He has done it on the
stump and in his newspaper, and if the, country had
gone really to the dogs every time he has seen it going
By this time its bones would not be worth gnawing.
The other delegates at large are less known to fame,
though they have been, introduced to her. One of. these,
Mr. Wadsworth, was selected by the ribald opposition
to use his name as a financial suggestion, the charge
being made •thaj^vads of the stuff" were on hand.
One feature of. -.the convention painfully displeases
«s, even at this distance. The Hearst boom acts upon
oratory like a ferment in a mash tub. That is one of
its most pleasing effects. Wherever it appears' oratory
of the deepest dye is heard making adjectives sweat like
a harvest hand in depicting the virtues and greatness of
Mr. Hearst. For proof of what we say we need only,
to refer our readers to the columns of Mr. Hearst's
papers. But in 'the Des Moines convention the follow
ers of Parker, outvoted, outclassed, and outlawed, re
sorted to ribald interruption.' Whenever his boom struck
the rock of oratory, and produced an affluent fountain
of beautiful paeans) the Parker parties damned the
pactolian stream byVtotally irrelevant inquiries as to
the amount the orator received for the vocal bouton
nieres he Was pinning on «Mr. Hearst's coat. This pain
ful species of cold-blooded interruption was varied by
referring to the. orators collar as brass and specula
tions as to its cost, when probably if was no worse
material than celluloid.
So the light that should shind in the speeches w?i
compelled to flicker, in the resolutions. These assail
the evils of taxation and whack the trusts and do them
to a finish. They are accused of seizing every avenue
of human endeavor and that it "is compelled to pay
tribute or cease to exist?' We heartily agree that levy
ing tribute on an avenue is actionable and ought to be
stopped. Avenues have a hard time any way. This
maltreatment of avenues is in the next resolution
charged up to the tariff. , We Venture to quote the tariff
plank entire: "We denounce the vicious tr.riff system,
fostered and perpetuated by the Republican party, under
which the trusts have been born, ' bred, fattened and
multiplied, until they have every industrial interest by
the throat, and we demand the repeal of every tariff
which denies equal opportunities for all."
So it is the apparent purpose to make an assault upon
protection, via the. trusts, and Mr. Hearst will repeal
every tariff that denies equal opportunity for all. Per
haps it would be ungracious to call upon him for a
bill of particulars/to specify the "every tariff*.' that is
doing these mean things to poor old "equal 'opportunity."
A man who is out for Lincoln's boots should not be dis
turbed by such questions.
HEARST WINS THE HAWKEYE.
first. Prussian Finance Minister von
Rhelnbaben was - the second. Herr
Moeller contemplates his American
journey with great satisfaction.- He is
a student, as well as an admirer, of
commercial America and believes that
the republic and the fatherland are
destined to divide the lion's share of
the world's trade between them.
poor for shipment. A large portion of this year's crop
is of the highest quality, yet we see decay in hundreds
of carloads, even this early, and some of the fruit has>
been refused the benefit of even a try at the markets
for its very worthlessness. The time has come when
the existence of the citrus fruit industry depends upon
the keeping quality of the oranges and lemons, no mat
ter what methods of selling be determined upon."
Mr. Jeffrey thinks the cause of puffy and poor oranges
may lie in over-fertilization and recommends that the
ground in orchards be protected against ferment of fer
tilizers by heat by' shading it with crops of peas or
The puffy and poor orange has not yet appeared in
the Northern California citrus belt. But orchard owners
will do well to study the subject, for prevention is
easier than cure. In deciduous orchards poor fruit is
sure to follow over-bearing. The deciduous orchards
in which the fruit is judiciously thinned continue to
produce first quality crops and fruit of even size and
excellence. We believe that the Southern California
orange growers have not thinned their crops. The
anxiety for many boxes and many carloads for export
leads them to leave the trees to bear at will. It is
not possible, even in citrus fruits, to associate excel
lence with over-bearing. We agree with Mr. Jeffrey that
the popularity of citrus fruit from his section will surely
wane "unless the growers find some means of suppress
ing the production of so many carloads that cannot
be handled to the consumer without decay, and with
out other poor qualities that are now so disastrous to
We suggest that they try thinning to the extent of a
few thousand carloads, while adopting such other means
as deeper fertilization and shading the soil.
8
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI., yFRIDAY; ;MAY : 6, 1901.
TH E SAN KH AN G IS C O GWLL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor . . /. W. . . ¦;. Address All Commanicatioas to JOHN McNAUGHT. Manager
Publication Offlco <t^||!^> • • • Third and Market Streets, S. F.
FRIDAY ;...¦ . . .. MAY 6, 1904
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVESFREE DAY AT MARK HOPKINS.— The
Mark Hopkins Instltue of Art will be open to
the public free of charge to-day from 9 a.m.
till f> p. no., and In the evening from 7:30 till 10
o'clock.
Rev. T. Caraher, pastor of St Fran
cis Church, will deliver an address
upon the Irishman's place in the re
public at- Teutonia Hall, under : the
auspices of Division 10 of the Ancient
Order of Hibernians, next Saturday
evening. Following the address will
be dancing, songs and recitations.
Will Talk to Irishmen.
The Laborers' Protective Union has
petitioned the Board of Supervisors to
appropriate sufficient money for street
sweeping to allow the wages of sweep
ers to be Increased from $225<of2 50
per day.
Want Wages Increased.
Reception committee^ — Captain J. F. Seymour,
W. Watson, J. Ambrose. W. Stafford, E. Perry.
H. Farmer. A. Butler. J. Savage, J. F. Tracy,
T. J. Waleh; H. Kugleberg.
Floor committee — J. Corbett, H. Rippon, J.
FranchU V. Cooney, E. Dockery, J. Donohue,
E. Holland.
Committee on games— Rev. W. A. Fleming
J. Bulllvan. Rev. Philip Byrne, J. Arnold,'- T.
Klink.
On Saturday, May 7, the Sacred
Heart parish will hold the annual pic
nic and reunion to which the parish
ioners have so eagerly looked forward.
The last picnic meeting of the season
was held Monday evening. May 2, and
all arrangements were found to be
complete. Numerous and valuable
game and gate prizes have been se
cured, every one of which is well
worth competing for, and a pleasant
day is anticipated by all.
Those in charge of .the arrange
ments are:
General committee — David F. Supple, Rev.
Philip Byrne, Frank Drury.
Committee on grounds — Colonel J. C. 0"Con
nor, T. J. Redmond. J. J. Hughes. J. T. Mc-
Kanna, Homer Rlppon. John Franchl, J. c.
McGlynn.
Committee on prizes^ — James Ward. J. Sul
livan. J. T. McGlynn, J. F. Redmond, J. C.
Queen, J. J. McCarthy, F. Rlppon, F. Nagle,
E dwell. J. J. Magulre. W. Redman, J. Am
brose. J. Corbett. F. Dawson. M. Fleming,
H. Nahoney, J. Flood, W. Sullivan.
Committee on press and printing — R*>v. T F.
Comerford, W. Stafford. G. Lacombe, F. Drury
A. F. Burke Jr.. J. C. O'Connor.
Committee on mueio — Rev. Robert Sesnon,
J. J. Hughes, Dr. M. W. 0 1 Connell, F. Rippon.
J. H. Franchi, M. 8. McKenna.
First Parociiial Outing of Season Will
Be Enjoyed by Members of Sa
cred Heart P.arish.
WILL CELEBRATE ANNUAL
PICMC AND REUNION
-Scottish Society Will Picnic
. The forty-first annual family re
.union of the St. Andrew's Society of
San Trancisco will be held at Fairfax
•Park 'next Saturday. The committee
in charge of the picnic has arranged
a programme of outdoor games and
races. There will be about sixteen
races run and three prizes will be
awarded in each race. Scottish and
farioy dances will follow the outdoor
events.
Will Give Entertainment.
An entertainment comprising two
one-act comedies will be given at St
Paul's Hall Thursday evening. May 19,
for the benefit of the new church in
the course of construction. The plays
will be presented by the St. Paul's
Choral and Dramatic Society and are
expected to be extremely amusing. The
first play presented will be "Household
Affairs," with a cast of four people.
"Diamonds and Hearts," a farce with
a larger cast, will close the evening's
entertainment.
PLEADS GtTILTT TO BURGLARY.— Ernest
Gibaen pleaded guilty to a charge of burglary
in Jud*re Dunne's court yesterday and will b«
i»-n<U?nc*d U>-dsy. He entered the room of
Kiilp Lovric. 411 Pacific street, on February
]>• . jt. prior conviction against him for bur-
Rlary was withdrawn.
Yesterday the wedding of Miss Le
one Bridgford and William H. Rhodes
was to have been celebrated with
much eclat- A large number of in
vitations had. been Issued and prep
arations for the affair completed. But
a few days ago Miss Bridgford was
stricken suddenly with rheumatism,
compelling a postponement of the in
teresting event until the fair patient
shows improvement.
Miss Bridgford is the daughter of
Judge and Mrs. Eugene Bridgford of
1650 Turk street Mr. Rhodes is con
nected with the Safe Deposit and
Trust Company.
Owing to Illness of Miss Leone Bridg
ford Ceremony Is Delayed for
Future Date.
/• Cottage Colonies Well Pleased.
'' Effective May 17. the 'North Shore will not
•.only Improve its suburban electric service, but
It* will -run ad&iticaal eteam trains to Caxadero
ind ' Intermediate points. The new trains to
Camp >Taylor, Point Reyes, etc.. will be par
- ticularix gratifying to the cottagers and camp
ers. Under the new card, the Cazadero trains
••¦w^l leave at 7:45 a. n». and 3:15 p. rn. For
Point Reyes. Tocaloma, Camp Taylor, Lapunl
tas. etc, trains depart at 7:45 a. m.. 3:15
•p.*"m.. 5:15 p. m., with additional trains on
." i-ur.day et 0:15 a. m. and 7:15 p. m. Summer
residesu can therefore leave here at 3:15 or
B:15 <p. .rn. daily (except Sunday. 7:15 p. a.)
" ar.d arrive here daily (except Sunday. 11 :05
a., m.) *X S:15 a. m.. In time for work. This
• w!i*<lu!e will popularise Lagunita* and Paper
Mill creeks for campers and cottagers. •
GOOD TIME FOR CAMPERS.
WEDDING OF PROMINENT
YOUNG FOLK POSTPONED
SENTENCED FOR ROBBERY. — Charles
Johnson, convicted by a jury In Judge Dunne's
court on a chanre of robbery, was sentenced
yesterday to «erv» five years in. San Quentln.
He held up Ernest Huber, a visitor from Sa
linas, on January 17. and robbed him of a
purse containing $3 00.
There is a chorus of 100 singers
practicing so as to take a prominent
part in the convention.
Di\ D.- P. Anderson, chairman; A. C. Mc-
Means. vice chairman; Mlfs Clytie Stark, secre
tary; National Bank of Santa Rosa, treasurer;
W. J. Eardley. finance; O. E. Bremner. enter
tainment; H. J. Waters, reception; Miss Nellie
Mead, registration: Pearl Hendrickscn, deco
ration: J. Fred McMlnn. music; Rev. M. H.
Alexander, pulpit supply; L. E. Schleffer,
printing: Herbert Slater, press; M. T. Vaughan,
ushers; J. F. Wallace, halls.
Louis E. Schieffer gave a glowing
account of the arrangements that are
being made for the reception of dele
gates and visitors to the Endeavor
convention which will open in Santa
Rosa on June 29 and continue until
July 3. t
Something like 2000 are expected to
attend.
Among the indefatigable workers is
Miss Clytie Stark, secretary of the
committee of arrangements of the con
vention.
Those on the Santa Rosa committee
are: «
Toward the evening there was an
open parliament, when delegates de
bated the subject, "The best thing my
society has done."
Between the transaction of business
and the hearing of addresses and pa
pers several Interesting musical and
vocal selections were rendered, those
taking part being Miss Florence
Ryder, vocal solo; Miss Mabel Gordon
and Miss Marguerite Slocombe, vocal
duet, and Miss Edith Gordon and Miss
Elna Miller, violin duet.
There was a banquet in the hall of
the church and at night the exercises
were of a religious order, the Rev.
William Kirk Guthrie, the pastor, pre
siding. It was estimated that fully
1000 attended the service.
A violin solo was. played by Hother
Wismer for the offertory and the Rev.
Edwin Hadlock of Springfield, Mass.,
delivered an address on "GooACitizen
ship," the speaker hoping tnut that
particular subject would take up much
of the time of the next convention.
Miss Tuthill, State superintendent of
the "Quiet Hour," was one of the
speakers of the evening.
IXDKFATIGABLE SECRETARY.
The following interesting papers
were read: "How May We Increase
Our Membership?" by Mrs. W. H.
Cook; "How We May Help the Jun
iors," Miss Belle Stanford; "How Can
We Graduate the Intermediates Into
the Senior Society?" Mrs. D. U. Ross,
and "Relation of Golden Gate Chris
tian Endeavor Union to the California
Christian Endeavor Union," J. E.
White, State president.
AX OPEX PARLIAMENT.
Golden Gate- Christian Endeavor
Union held its sixty-ninth quarterly
convention yesterday in the First
Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave
nue and Sacramento street,! J. W.
Hatch, president, In the chair. It was
a rousing gathering of many hundreds
and not only were the reports from
each of the numerous branches of the
most encouraging kind, but the pres
ence of H. J. "Waters and Louis Ed
ward Schleffer, who ctftae from Santa.
Kosa to give news of the forthcoming
big Christian Endeavor convention in
that city, served to add more than or
dinary zest to the deliberations.
The afternoon session opened with
a praise service, consisting of the sing
ing of hymns and scripture reading
and following the exercises came
Miss Grace Pinney, recording secre
tary, with her report.
It showed that this parliament of
young citizens and members of Gold
en Gate Christian Endeavor Union had
adopted a platform which among
other things includes dealing with the
temperance question and good citi
zenship. The report stated that the
committees were actively engaged on
both subjects and have gone so far as
to recommend raising the license of
all saloons, the i$rohibitlon of the bar
and the sale of all intoxicating liquors
in groceries.. . ... . . ...
An organization of a Christian En
deavor society on board the United
States supply ship stationed in San
Francisco port, with twenty-flve char
ter members, was announced.
Christian Endeavorers Will
Gather in Force in
Santa Rosa.
SANTA ROSA GIRL WHO 18 SEC
RKTARY OF CHRISTIAN EN
DEAVOR CONVENTION COMMIT
TEE.
Hans G. Kuhl, who is being sued for
divorce by Helen Kuhl, has been noti
fied that on May 13, when the suit
comes up for hearing, he must appear
In court prepared to show what he has
done with' money received since 18%,
particularly $3000 his wife alleges he
received as his share of real estate sold
by the San Francisco Stock Exchange
Board. The notice was issued yester
day by Judge Kerrigan.
Judge Murasky has denied Euphemla
Happersberger a new trial of the suit
for divorce she brought against Dr.
Albert K. Happersberger. When her
suit was filed nearly two years ago the
physician filed a cross-complaint
charging cruelty and secured a decree.
E. T. B. Mills, secretary of Nevill &
Co., has signed an agreement to pay to
Evelyn B. Mills, his former wife, $150 a
month alimony until May. 1905. From
that time he will pay her $175 a month
for the rest of her life. The agreement
was filed with the County Clerk yester
day.
The first absolute decree of divorce,
which the last Legislature provided
should be issued one year after an In
terlocutory decree had been granted,
was filed with the County Clerk yester
day. It bears the signature of Judge
Hebbard and absolutely divorces Joan
Mosetta Matlock from William Mat
lock. Matlock was given an interlocu
tory decree May 4 of last year.
Phillip Kohn, the theatrical manager,
who is being sued for maintenance by
Estelle Kohn, did not put In an ap
pearance yesterday in Judge Seawell's
court, where there is pending a motion
to transfer the suit to Marin County,
where the suit for divorce he has
brought against Mrs. Kohn is to be
heard. Because of the absence of
Kohn the case was put over until
May 13.
Judge Hebbard granted decrees of
divorce for cruelty yesterday to Mary
F. McHugh from William McHugh and
Delia B. Kling from Clarence B. Kling.
He allowed Mrs. Kling $30 a month ali
mony and Mrs. McHugh 525 a month.
Judge Troutt granted Eleanor Wil
liams a divorce from Charles H. Wil
liams for desertion and Lois A. G. Tra
verse a divorce from Dr. Alfred W.
Traverse for infidelity. Dr. A. P. Ag
new, a so-called friend of the defend
ant, furnished the evidence that ne
abled Mrs. Traverse to obtain a decree.
Judge Kerrigan gave Charles H. Hol
comb a divorce from Emma E. Hol
comb for neglect and Edith Olsen a di
vorce from G. Olsen for cruelty.
FIRST ABSOLUTE DECREE.
John H. Barron, who is the defend
ant in the suit for divorce brought by
Katie Barron. has answered her suit
with a general denial of her charges
of neglect and desertion and in a cross
complaint asks that he be given a de
cree on the ground of cruelty.
Charles J. Porter was 'granted a di
vorce from Edith Porter (nee Biller)
by Judge Kerrigan yesterday on the
ground of his wife's infidelity. The
Porters were married at Chicago in
April, 1900. It was In July of last year
.that the acts complained of were com
mitted.
BARROX ANSWERS SUIT.
Because she claims to have discov
ered that she Is no longer her hus
band's affinity is the reason why Flor
ence L. Van Warner is seeking a di
vorce from Roy L. Van "Warner, • a
book agent. In her complaint, which
was filed yesterday, she says that on
April 1 last, on his return from Los
Angele3, after an absence of, six
months, he drew a letter from' his
pocket and told her it was from the
woman he loved. VI love you no
longer," she alleges he v remarked.
"This is from my affinity. I love her
alone and I must be with her."
Mrs. Van Warner also complains of
several other acts of her husband. She
says that three months after their
marriage at Cleveland, Ohio, In 1898,
he began neglecting her and caused her
great worry and anguish by remaining
out until all hours of the night and
spending his earnings in a riotous
manner and paying more attention to
the gaming table than to her. She also
charges that frequently during their
married life she has suffered mentally
because of his failure to provide her
with funds to pay bills contracted by
her for necessities. The Van Warners
have been living at 1661 Octavia street-
Suits for divorce were also filed by
Luther C. Fabian against Emily Banks
Fabian for infidelity, Clara B. Shull
against Edmund B. Shull for desertion.
Fuchs appeared to be perfectly
sane on all s'ubjects but that of fin
ance; He persisted in explaining to
his fellow inmates that he was still
a man of means and that he would
some day be in a position to take them
all away and show them a life of ease
and luxury-. Little attention was paid
to his remarks, and every one that
knew, him believed him to be insane,
few being aware of his past history.
Fuchs was but 56 years of age,
though he appeared to be much older.
After his death frienda had Fuchs' re
mains removed to the parlors of Ha
gan's undertaking establishment, from
which place the funeral will be held
to-day.
Henry Fuchs, once a multi-million
aire, passed away yesterday at the
city's almshouse, which was his home
for the last two years of his life. ,.
Fuchs was a partner of John T.
Gates, the Eastern steel magnate, not
long ago, but the strain of responsi
bility that accompanies the controlling
of millions told on him, physically and,
mentally, and after having spent many
months In poor health, he came to
California in the hope of renewing his
strength.
Even the climate . of California,
however, had not the desired effect
Fuchs' physical condition gradually
grew worse and hi3 fortune ebbed
with his health, leaving him penniless
and mentally worn out.
He was taken to a private hospital
in this city and regular remittances
from his former partner paid for his
meddcal treatment. Skilled physicians
did their utmost toward rebuilding the
worn out constitution. All efforts were
in vain, however, and he was given up
as Incurable. He was next sent to the
Almshouse and Gates continued to
send money to pay for small luxuries
that might make the invalid's life
more endurable.
Pitiful; Fall From Position
of Vast Wealth to That of
Poverty Ends in Death
Claims He -Boasted of His
Change in Affections and
Caused Her 3Iental Agony
SEEKS DIVORCE DECREE
GATES HIS OLD PAETNElt
Florence L. Van Warner Ac
cuses Her Spouse of Giv
ing His Love to Another
Henry, Fuclis, an Er§t while
Millionaire. Passes Away
' at the City's Almshouse
SAYS HUSBAND
IS TOO FICKLE
ONCE MAGNATE,
DIES A PAUPER
ARDENT YOUNG
FOLKS LEARN OF
BIG CONVENTION
¦ • -** JiyajffiCranB.ffiiiSffiiftiaJWw&Sffi^ I f^nP^«i<ff*S& "y* -^rkJ3*li£^jWiny~ nj. V'W^RjjJ-Wli^Jyj^W^^^^^yt^jfflSjgjjfr
9
A&USEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A T> VF.H.TTfi'R'KryWTa.
BORAXOLOOY
Boraxologv is another
name for lightening work,
and when you lighten
work you lighten the
heart. Lots of heart-sick
people are simply 'work-
sick. Hard citv water and
soap are bound to make
hard work. Put BORAX
in the water and lol as if
by magic you double its
cleansing power.
Use BORAX in the
wash, the bath, the toilet,
"everywhere you use soap
and water, but be sure you
\ get pure BORAX —
20-MULE-TEAM
BRAND. Sold by Drug-
gists and Grocers, J, £ and
1-lb. packages.
The famous 'AMtRICAN GIRL" PICTURES
FREE to purchasers of " 20- Mule-Team " Borax. {
At stores or sent for BOX TOP and 4c. in sump*.
Pacific Coast Borax Co., New York, Chicago, Saa
. Francisco. "fV-. *¦
" 5P*-f$^fofoHPWPWE*&V^ l lE$P@B8g^|
; ao-Mule-Team— Our Trade Mark. "¦
VA/. T. HESS,
Notary Public and Attorney-at-taw.
Tenth Floor, Koom 11)15 vUuh {•orecl'eia ijldg.
Telephone Main 083.
Residence, 1802 McAUistu; at.
Residence Telephone Pare 5641.
HOTELS, AND RESORTS.
(New)HOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE.
REMODELED AND REBUILT at expense of
$260.000 — New Management — ENTIRELY FIRE-
PROOF.
¦ LOCATION — Very accessible to street car
lines, theaters, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN.
223 : ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several private rooms in antique decorations.
Turkish Baths in Hotel. " ¦•'•¦
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT. De Stei-
ger, - Chef, formerly of Waldorf-Astoria and
Chef to Prince of Wales.
HOTEL. ORCHESTRA: Telephone Connec-
tions In every room; long distance connections
made with any part of the Coast.
Wire for reservations, at our expense.
HOTEL BUTLER. SeatUe. Wash.
Dfllarp DON'T FAIL TO
raulvW 8 ee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
H u r parlor,, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
liniflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
U1<111U LOR, and the LA-
U -"liii.' DIES* WRITING
Jrotels I roo m
IT SETTLES AN ANNOYING
HOUSEHOLD PROBLEM. "
Sec -Ad on Classified Page.
BRING YOUR WANT-AD *
THURSDAY, FRIDAY OR
SATURDAY.
Classified Advertisers In Next
SUNDAY CALIj RECEIVE
- FREE— PREEr-FREE
THE SIX-IN-ONE ICE PICK.
Cracks Ice on Scientific
Principles. -
A BIG NEW SHOW!
Davit, Macanley and Company; Sister*
Gasch; Hal Merrltt; Brandow and Wi-
ley, and Orpheum Motion Picture*.
' siiowmsr the i^AUUCHiirQ or the
ffAT r Tvo-Rrrf*, Irftst times of M. T.
Dumoad's Parisian Minstrels; Lew
Sully; Wilfred Clarice and Company,
and I<a Petite Adelaide.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c, 23c
and SOc.
ANNOUNCEMENT " EXTRAORDINARY!
Commencing SUNDAY MATINEE. .
First American Appearance of
MME. SLAPOrFSKI
England's Greatest Prima Donna Soprano.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
In
g.-j SARDOU'S
M H Famous Play
MELBOURNE La
MacDOWELL ToSCd
Next Monday Night, "Cleopatra"
Popular Prlcts— 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c.
vUImUiwidIA lansfl xmu
THIS WEEK A\D NEXT WEEK.
NIGHTLY. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATIHEE SATTTKDAT.
KLAW and ERLANGER Present
anl D (\ G P D Q
MAX R U U E 1\ U
(Themselves)
and 110 ENTERTAINERS — 110.
In John J. McNally's Latest Vaudeville Farce.
"THE ROGERS BROS. IN LONDON."
Coming— MR. RICHARD MANSFIELD.
TlVOUra
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
POSITIVELY LAST THREE NIGHT3
Of the Spectacular Military Comic Opera,
WHENJOHNNYCOMES
MARCHING HOME
JIEXT MONDAY NIGHT
Th« I A ' Nljrht*
Greatest I n • < kj « \mi -. w J London
Musical ) tiU Ti A W AT \ 300
Comedy r ICIRLI Nlghta
PRICES— 25c. SOc. 75c.
Box and Mezzanine Seats. $1.00.
FLO ADLER
And a Or eat Show Every Afternoon and
Evening 1 in the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MINIATURE ELECTRIC BAILROAD
Earneralda and Her BABY MONKEY In th«
Zoo.
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
CIRCULATE on the FERRIS WHEEL.
Admission. 10c i Children. 5c
When Phoning. Ask for "The Chutes."
Racing i81illl^flac ; iiT;
OAKLAixD RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Racing each week day, rain or shine, except
Monday. May 2. Season closes Satur-
day. May 7.
Six or More itaces Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track t&ka
ti. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12:.£)
1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking in last two
cars, which are reserved for ladies and thair
escerta. .--¦ — -
' Returning trains leave track at 4:10 and
4:45 and Immediately after the last race
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN.
'Fastest on the bay— Dally to VALLEJO and
MARE ISLAND— a fine trip any day. SPECIAL
SUNDAY EXCURSIONS. Including four hour*'
stay at Glen Cove Villa and two hours at' Mar-
tinez.- where picnickers will find numerous
sheltered nooks for lunching. WEEK DAYS —
Leave San Francisco. Washington St.. pier No.
3. t):30* a. m.. 3:00 p. m.; '•S:0O'p. m. Leavt
Vallejtv 6:50 a. m.. 12:20 p. m.. NS:*) p. m.,
t6:10 p. m. (*Satuniay excepted. tSaturda>
only.) SUNDAYS— Leave San Francisco 9:3<
a.m.. 8:00 p.m.. leave Valleo 4:00 p.m. Fare 50c.
R<.nnd trip, good for 30 days. 75c. Special ex-
cursion rates Saturdays and Sundays, round
trip. SOc. Flret-elass-dininjT service on board.
PIPER. ADEN. GOODALL CO..
Phone Main 6U - Si Clay street
AMUSEJiEENTS.
ADVEETISEJCSHTSk
ADVERTISZMENTS.
1 . Miss Hapgood tells how she was curfed
of Fallopian and Ovarian Inflammation —
'and escaped an awful operation by using
Lydia E Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
"Dear Mrs. Pcskiiam:— I suffered for four years with what the
doctors called Salpingitis (inflammation of the fallopian tubes) and ova-
• ntis, which are most distressing and painful ailments, affecting all the
-surrounding parts, undermining the constitution, and sapping the life
' Sfces. If you had seen me a year ago, before I began taking Lydia E.
I»liikham t s Vegetable Compound, and had noticed the sunken eyes,
-aallbw complexion, and general emaciated condition, and compared that
•person with me as I am today, robust, hearty, and well, you would not
wonder that I feel thankful to you and your wonderful medicine,
which restored me to new life and health in fire months, and saved me
- 5?. m^ an aj^ 111 operation."— Miss Ibxkk Hapgood, 1022 Sandwich St.
: Windsor, Ont.
. Oraritis or inflammation of the ovaries or fallopian tubes which adjoin the
oranea may result from sudden stopping of the monthly flow, from inflamma-
tion of the womb, and many other causes. The slightest indication of trouble
\.Trith the ovaries, indicated by dull throbbing pain in the side, accompanied
by heat and shooting- pains, should claim your instant attention. It will not
¦j cure itself, and a hospital operation, with all its terrors, may easily result from
, u Deab Mrs. Ptnkham: — lean truly say that you Lave saved
my life, and I cannot express niy gratitude to you in words.
. " Before I wrote to you telling how I felt, I had doctored for over
two years steady and spe»t lots of money in medicine besides, but it all
• tailed to do me any good. My menses did not appear in that time, and
• • I fiuifered much pain. I would daily have
*•" - iSiSi* lii^0iK_ ¦^ a " ltm S spells, headache, backache and
• * S^^^^i bearing down pain, and was so weak that
** <3n fr was nard for me to do my work.
.JL fSBr "^iss? " used your medicine and treatment
vll «T*^?-» <F> l&W as directed* and after taking three bottles
y^b-«*ja * - J) °* L y dia *" Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
¦ftlxfu^m *** » pound, meases appeared, my womb trou-
' ' |^\fj&li?J\ *'3g.^ f[ bles left me, and I have been regular ever
- film vr lc^ JsSa smce * * used fourteen boUles of
M 1 '¦ ' - t L-ydia 'E. Pinkham's Vegretable
y-feri'^pS^^^B^g 88^ s> Compound and Blood Purifier
W£&20?%2 \31r^~-l V__ together, and am now restored to
'" Jx/// //* f perfect health. Had it not been for
you, I would have been in my grave.
. •. u I will always recommend your wonderful remedies, and hope that
" these few lines may lead others who suffer as I did to try your
• remedies.** — Mrs. T. C. Wili^dskn, R. R. No. 1, Manning, Iowa.
-.'¦ Such traquestionable testimony proves the power of Lydia E, I*ink«
ham's Vegetable Compound over diseases of women.
Women should remember that they are privileg-ed to consult
. Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn, M&£&, about their illness, entirely free.. _
THE
GREAT j
SO CJ
Kit v V \J?
The Circus
Beautiful
TO-DAY AND T0-H16HT, VM. B .
Under Mammoth Tents,
Corner Eleventh and' Market Sts.
Admission: Adults, 50c; Children, 25c
TENTS PERFECTLT WA TEKPROOF.
STREET PARADE AT 10 A. M. TO-DAT.
CALIFORNIA
TO-KIOHTT— — BV
ITOffl'S WEDDIN6 GIFT!
|| By D. T. CALLAHAN. |j
| NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT II
|1 Return of Last Season's Big Hit. if
I OUR NEW MINISTER |j
¦ The best play and the best com- t
pany to visit the coast this season. |j
XSUrXST HASTINGS ||
_ And the famous original All-Star Cast. J
B Don't miss the glorious welcome. |j
AT n A7A "O Belasco ft Mayer.
ALCAZAR f&sz.
-^••: General Manager.
TO-XIOHT— MATS. PAT. AND SUN*.
LAST SUNDAY MATINEE MAY 8.
TUC (Arthur W.l g"
II L Pinero'» jJ
¦i. ¦ i Great Play. M|
_ PROFLIGATE.
"A performance perfectly round'd. polished
and sincere."— Bulletin.
Evk 25c to 75c: Mat?. Sat. & Sun.. 2.>c to SOc.
NEXT MONDAY — First San Francisco Pro-
duction of the Exceedingly Funny Comedy.
THE TWO SCHOOLS.
As originally played at the Madison Squar*
Theater, New York.
Market Street, near Eighth. Pbone South 533.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY
The Celebrated Drama,
DR. JEKYLL
AND MR. HYDE
HERSCHEL MAYALLi In the famous dual role
First Appearance in This City of
JAMES H. MONTGOMERY AND
OLJVE G. SKINNER
DDirCC Evenings 10c to 30a
llUlEJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 234
HEXT— "THE TZBEE MTTSXETEESS."
Industrial
xposition
MECHANICS' PAVILION
APRIL 30 to MAY 15.
Olympic Club Night
To-Night.
SPECIAL. FEATURES.
CONCERTS DAY AND NIGHT BY BEN.
SETT'S CONCERT BAND.
SOUVENIR FANS TO ALL CHUJJREN.
--+,. > OPSK SUNDAYS.
AIISCEX-LANEOTJS AMTJSEME2TTS.
SSEMBRiCH
Assisted by RUDOLPH GANZ. PianJat.
ATVH*T* rH ' 1 ** THEATER.
ONLY MATINEE TO-MO2SOW 2:30.
Seats, S3 and \2 — Boxes. $::.5«)
At Sherman. Clay A Co.'s.
ANNUAL PAY EXHIBITION
CALIFORNIA CAMERA CLUB.
AN ILLUSTRATED LECTURE ON
•THE OUTINGS OF THE CAMERA CLUB."
ALHAMBRA THEATER. .
FRIDAY EVENING. MAY «. 1904.
TICKETS 50 CENTS.
BASEBALL
at RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison Street*.
SAN KHAHGISGO is. lOS Ar6:LES. \
TO-DAY I***- M.
SATURDAY .*.*:» £• Jf.
SUNDAY 2:30 P- M.
LADIES' DAY TO-DAT.
Advance Sale or Seats at 5 Stockton Street. .*
hi 1 1 Itill-fcl Mi llf ¦ II'IHII ¦¦irffl
r\A
II \\w o /// ** ow to ** u<i s e ® eer ]l
I Ifil BRILLIANCY ? J
IE \^ S^Hi V//^ parity and polish, prov- *
li No^l S$^& %4^/* perfect brewing and «P£j|
|! -H^ /f% vffc&rvg!\ = ~~~ Brilliancy is always foand in beer if r U
Wf/£ *^f*a7f&5 a care^ an d scientific reflation of \M
8 \s& *fy&*$h£*E*a %Ss temperature. No other beer made
l\ rfli lip \\ Bohemian in this quality of brill- /^l I
If f/lll wPi|JLI[jlll- v\ la^cy- !t is gained by the unreinit- I I
n ' / JL *4yiki%«JM •" Wv\ ting watchfulness bestowed upon each II
1 1 / Ifhm, hv\ \\ * brewing, and without the use of \i
II / / /nflllP'Pi^Wu chemical preservatires, thcs giving K
I "The only beer bottled exclusively at the Brewery"
I THE AMERICAN BREWING CO. W4Tfy3§M
I ST. LOUIS. U. S. A. feW i I f iOnl
I TTII.BKRT MERCANTILE CO. W&*3rl£ \&$*fl
V Wholesale Dealers. J
J ii\ WE HAVE IT 7\/l !""*¥ "CT^T^IIp 111
I- Ij.FOR YOU V->» V-// V ll^L^JCy 1 K2j III
'\ The whole culinary outfit for the country house or your sum- / 1|
• J - .tner expedition to the sea or hills. Dainty ware so surprisingly J I
'\ - low that you should not think of using: your costly sets. ' I
1 € ' Bin* Dinner Set, 52 pieces $f).5O goj,,. hirti-
'• .^^ Glassware, floral design T.5O # r> B^^ »
, SilT«rw«re and Cutlery . — -••; ••• <J«OO j e " B Bj ft o .
"i^. Royal Enameled ware. Tinware," Ironware, cording to
M' Woodenware, Brashes, Brooms, etc. . . 1 1 .(>(> decorations B
4* ALL FOR $34.00 1 "kt 18 * °* 1Heavy- Weight Boxers Coming West.
Boxer Jack Munroe is due here" on
the 14th inst. to train for his meet
ing with Jeffries.
Rodenbach, who is matched with
Berger for the amateur heavy-weight
championship, left New York yester
day for this city. .
SACRAMENTO; May B. — The Sacramento
Aallcyi Development Association sent to-day
the nrst shipment for the valley exhibits at
cherries Wa " * ; b °* Oi flno Sacra ™ento
First Race— Lizzie Rice, AVilna
Lady Rowell.
Second Race—Head Dance, Mario J.
Mojjregor.
TWrd Race— My Surprise. .Meehan
us, Flyer.
Fourth .Kace— Byronerdalc, Golden
Light, lllowaho.
Ro^o'n^^ 01111 A Scott »
Rogue, Olympian.
D«S£ th RaCe ~ AUa >"f O«» ViT* Rey
PROBABLE WINNERS.
CAMBRIDGE SPRINGS, Pa.,. May
5. — When play was closed in the
seventh round of the international
chessmasters* this even
ing Janowski was still in the lead with
6% points; Marshal second, with 6
points, while Telchmann held third
place with 5 points. Meises stood
fourth, with Lasker, Fox and Showal
ter each with four to his credit. The
results follow: Lasker and Barry ad
journed after fifty moves; Lawrence
beat Pillsbury; Schlechter lost to Mar
shal; Teichmann lost to Fox; Hodges
lost to Napier; Showalter and Marco
drew; Janowski defeated Delmar, and
Mieses lost to Tschigorin. '
Janovrski Leads Chessmasters.
Sixth race — mile and seventy yarda four,
year-olds and up, gelling. *«"». tour-
H72O Moor (Gilbert) irvt
«720 'Leash <Levy> a 
(fl7«t)Sah Lution tRobbins') '[ tX}
l«7C0)Rey Dare (Nealon) "" "tfti
tj 7 -; "Colonel Ballantyne (Fine) HviO3
G>,«2 Oro Viva i Fountain) WX
6725 »Ada N (Hayes) ,,>,\
5117 JHorcas» iMorehouse) }«{
6728 Solon (Ryan) }<«
C«18 'Augie (Chappell) l^Z
6725 Henry Clay. Rye (Crysler) I.IIIIM107
?Los> Angeles index 6661.
•Apprentice allowance.
The eleventh annual celebration of
the Butchers* Board of Trade will be
held at Oakland race track on the ISth
inst. There will be eleven races on
the card, including- runnrng, trottin?
and novelty events. Entries close
with Secretary Gilbert at 424 Pine
street on the 13th inst. The commit
tee in charge consists of R. Consanl
J. Xowlan, W. H. Xoy. A. Clayburgh
and Bert Fisher. s
Butchers* Day Races.
The Lincoln Athletic Club was
granted a permit for an amateur show
on the 12th inst.
The Supervisors' Police Committee
granted a permit to the Yosemite Ath
letic Club yesterday to hold a profes-'
sional boxing exhibition .during June.
The club will promote the Jeffries-
Munroe contest.
The Hawthorne Athletic Club was
granted a permit for an amateur ex
hibition or- the 25th inst. at Mechan
ics' Pavilion, when a special contest
between Sam Beiger and W. D. Ro
denbach, the amateur middle and
heavyweight champion of America,
will be the attraction. ;.>
Hawthorne Athletic Club Secures
Privilege to Give a Special Exhi
bition Late In This Jlonth.
YOSEMITE CLUB OBTAINS
THE JU.VE BOXING PERMIT
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
NEW TORK, May 5.— \Vashington won Us
first ,game of the season by defeating New
York to-day. The local team made a poor
showing. Attendance, 1000. Score:
~ ¦ , R- H. E.
New York , 4 10 8
Washington "...9 12 3
Batteries — Wolfe, : Puttmann and Seville ;
Dunkle. Patten and Drill
DETROIT. May 5.— Detroit hit Bernard free
ly all through the game, but could not bunch
enough hits to win. Mullin was hit when
hits meant runs. Attendance 3100. Score:
* R. ¦ H. E.
Detroit . . . '. .' 3 xi . 4
Cleveland 5 7 o
Batteries— Mullin and Buelow; Bernard and
Bemis.
BOSTON. May 6.— Not one of the Athletics
made a run, a hit or reached first bas« in to
day's game because of the superb pitching of
Young. Young's, feat is a record-breaker in
the major league. Attendance, 10.S0O. Score
„ - n. H." E.
Boston 3 10 11
Philadelphia ............ 0 0 1
Batteries^ — Young and Crtger; Waddell and
Schreck.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI, May " fi.— Three doublo playa
In the first four innings of to-day's game
figured largely in the failure of St. Louis to
score. Elliott was a trifle wild, but benefited
by superb support. Attendance 3200. Score:
Cincinnati 3" . 7 - , <i
St. Louis .-. ,.v***; 0; 5 0
B terleB — Elliott and Schlel; McFarland and
»> £°ij T ? N U ¥ ay 5 — Although New Tork ''
batted hard throughout to-day's game, loose
fielding enable* Boston to keep on even terms
until the ninth, when the visitors bunched hits 1
and'won. Attendance 700. '. Score: |
New York. i.....jo' vt'r?j
Boston .'.„ ..:...' 5 91
-Batteries— Matthewson and Bowerman; Pit
tlnger and. Moran.- Umpires— Emslle and
Moran.
PHILADELPHIA. May 5.— Free hitting by
Brooklyn, aided by the . locals' errors gave
the visitors to-day's game and the series.
Sparks was not in form and In the fifth inning
was replaced by Brecklnrldge. The latter was
unable to- save the game. Attendance 2400
Score :
Brooklyn • . .A.... . .... 13' 11' i
Philadelphia :...:. ........ I.'a; 3 s 4
Batteries — Cronin ,and Bergen* Snarka
Brecklnridge and Doolr,. -parks.
(National.) (American.)
W. L. Pet -\V. L. Pet.
New York.... 11 4 .740 ioston ..1.1 3 .812
Cincinnati ...10 7 .588 Philadelphia .» 6.600
Chicago 8 6.571 New York S 6.571
Brooklyn ..... K 7.5:13 St. Louis .... 8 0.571
Boston ....... 8 8.500 Thicoso 9 8 629
Bt. Louis. .... 7 8 '.407 Detroit 7 8.467
Plttsburg .... 6 10 .333 Cleveland .... 6 8.429
Philadelphia . 2 13 .133f.Vashington . . 1 15 .0(37
Athletics Fail to Secure a Hit Off Cy
Young of 'the Boston
Americans.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
an^ut SIT''* *^~«M.
S )^^ 8 A p^ (J^) n ! a ?!---------..-^
6i2. Royal Rogue fX«»lon)... ix2
«7S3) Olympian (Schorr) ...... \ "V*.*100
Fourth race — Mile and a sixteenth, three
year-olds and up, selling. :. - * lnree "
B722 J. V.r Klrby (Strobel) -,,
6602 Theodora L (Smith) 'I*
(6725)'IIlowaho (Stover) .*"
6672 'Merwan (Guthrie) J 2S
671B Mack Little (Fine) k.."" •£
6617 Constable (Stockton Stable) "" i«X
6725 Golden Light (Bianchi & Co) " "iiS
669B 'Xnvlctus (Gabrleli " .•*£}
67CS «War Times (Mounce) *??
fitiOO 'Dusty Miller (Sheridan) fl
66S4 Anlrad (Coffey) £*
6728 Eyronerdale (Crane) 1111111111 1*110
Third race— Six and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and ui>: selling:
6621 'Blondura (Devin)..'.. 90
6«4:> Meehanus (Rector) " "l0«
6675 •Florestan (Hayes) im
6727 My Surprise (Mounce)... '.""lai
6723 Flyer (Ryan) {£»
6711 Rollick (Jones).. **" ic»
671S 'Montana Peeresa (Coffey) """ ur
0707 The Toller (Jones) * T XX
6703 Benlash (Jeuness) ifX
6714 «Carllee (Appleby) "" S
6720 Murat (Henderson) " ,£;
6663 'Vasallo (Piedmont Stable)...!.".' 9?
Second race^ — Four and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; selling: ¦
6700 Mogregor (Bianchi) ....aOS
671S *Velna (Van Gorden).. 97
670O Eecobosa (Stewart & Co.) 103
«71S 'Head Dance (El Prtmero Stable) 100
671S 'Pirella (Miller) 97
fi718 'Marie J (Jones) 100
670t5 Bob Rasron (Summers) n«»
CHI Edith Vice (Hildreth) , 03
C6S2 Pearl Waters (Waters) -93
6718 Cedarburg (Alhambra Stable) 102
66SK Tar Baby. (Neil) w
C700 Artita Knight (Spratt)-. 93
First race — Five furlongs; mares; four years
old and up; selling:
(M48 Edra (Rowley) 110
MHitf Virgil D (Xeal I!**"llO
6717 Frlponne (Alhambra Stable) "no
6690 Mordente (Nichols) "no
6645 Lady Rowell (Hoot*) * "110
(5O42)Wilna (BUnchi & Co4 'no
3«65 Spry Lark (QulnnVt no
6731 The Stewardess (Winter) no
4671 Tartlng Jennie (Coalter) 105
6610 Cathello (Clayton) no
4772 Llzzlft Rice (Miller)... ; no
6«S1 Miss Vera (Lynch) ;¦ no
64C0 'Penzance (Stover) ....103
Lady Kent broke with her field and
passed the barrier fifteen yards when
she was pulled up by McBride. The
latter gave as an excuse that the mare
wheeled with him. This was almost
an utter impossibility and the rider
was set down for the balance of the
meeting.
'entries for to-day.
recently ordered closed by the authori
ties, this will not interfere with thf
coming race meeting to be held there.
The track is located outside of the city
limits.
The promising two-year-olds. Bill
Short, Ben Eric and Willa, are to be
sold in the paddock at 1 o'clock to-mor
row.
The racing . season will end to-mor
row. ..
Sixteen bookmaking. firms made the
weight for the final cut-in.-
Handpress was bid up $300 over his
entered selling price, of $500 by Dan
Meek. Billy Magrane, of course, re
tained his horse.
Although the Seattle poolrooms were
Another favorite came through in
the mile and 100 yard selling number.
North West received steady support at
odds of 2 to 1, and led throughout. Is
abellita, the runner up for seven fur
longs, died away at the end. Searcher
got/. through -on -the rail, taking the
place from Past Master, by a head.
Billy Magrane's Handpress looked to
outclass his field in the last event; a
mile selling number, and of course
opened favorite at 4 to 5. Later on thi3
quotation lengthened to 2 to 1, al
though 3' to 2 was the best at post time.
It proved no race at all. for the first
choice won as he pleased from Kitty
Kelly and Chickadee. *•
; NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Frank Reed is developing Into quite
a wonder at piloting two-year-olds.
He had the leg up on David Boland, a
6 to 1 chance, for the; half mile dash,
and, soon showing first with his mount,
led Edgecliff over the line a couple of
lengths. Lucrece, the favorite, was al
most thrown on the far turn, running
unplaced; Hooligan took the show.
An even dozen faced the barrier In
the mile selling affair. The odds about
Chileno were hammered down from S
to 5 to 11 to 10 and, with Crosswaite up,
the gelding went out and spreadeagled
his field. . Resigned took the place, a
couple of lengths ahead of Dollie H,
an outsider.
During the closing days of a long
racing season the bookmakers usually
reap a harvest, but not so yesterday at
Oakland. Four Heavily backed favor
ites marched home first, casting a
gloom over the ring. The fields were
large, but the horses ran remarkably
true to form in most instances. Per
fect weather attracted a large crowd.
Almost on the eve of his departure
Olympian is showing a trace of his old
time form, when a member of the
Keene string. In the fifth race of the
day he outfooted the favorite Mlmo,
scoring cleverly by a length. The show
went to Yellowstone.
Eleven ordinary platers lined up in
the opening Futurity course sprint. So
linus opened favorite at 8 to 5, receded
to threes, and the speed he displayed
justified the liberality shown by the
layers.. Clausus was the good thing
and, backed from 7 to 5 to 2 favoritism,
beat Step Around a head. : Murat fin
ished third.
NOT OXE PHILADELPHIAX
REACHES FIRST BASE
.?•! ike- McClure and Charlie Thurs
ton are well below the weight limit.
3-rt j.oundF, for their boxing contest
et Oakland on Tuesday night. The
men hare agreed to weigh in at Har
ry Corbctt's at 3 o'clock on the day
of the'eontest and if either is over the
.148-pound mark he will forfeit $100.
Outside of the Dixie Kid these two
cj-e probably the best welterweights on
tlio coast, and there is considerable
rivalry between them. Both have
been promised some good matches in
thp event of victory. Danny Sullivan
nrid Fred Xuttinjr. the Australian, are
to box ten rounds as a preliminary.
McClurr and Thurston Training
It is on the lines of the Pari mututl
box, but much larger. . The inventor
claims ,that five machines, each oper
ated by three men, have repeatedly
handled $135,000 in one day.. He also
claims the machine has superseded trie
bookmaker at South Australia, Tas
mania, New Zealand and other points.
He says it shows a profit both to the
association and to the bettors. The mar
chine may be used at the circuit meet
ings this season.
Australia, which gave to the Ameri
can turf the starting gate and num
bered saddle cloths, may send over an
other turf novelty. T. E. Ward, an
Australian, is showing a betting ma
chine called the totalizator, which is
claimed to be a decided improvement
over the methods in vogue in this
country.
Australian Inventor Claims His Totali
zation Is Better for Men Who
Wager and for Promoters.
MACHINE 31AY SUPERSEDE
THE MERRY BOOKMAKER
The Amateur Driving and Athletic
Association will not turn over, the
$10,000 already on hand to the Park
Commissioners for the purpose of
building an athletic amphitheater in
Golden Gate Park unless positive as
surance is given that the work will be
rushed to completion in the event of
any failure to raise the entire $25,000.
That much . was decided upon last
night and a committee of seven was
appointed to wait on the Commission
ers this afternoon to see what ar
rangements can be made. It was th«
sense of the meeting that the associa
tion had no authority- to give up any
of the funds on hand without a def
inite agreement. It was suggested that
it might be possible to do the work for
a smaller sum than was at first agreed
upon.
In many ways the meeting was the
most satisfactory held in the history
of the association. "William Blackweli
of the California Lacrosse Association
was on hand to say that his organiza
tion had determined to give an ex
hibition game between teams of
picked men on the 22d inst. and the
receipts would be added to the asso
ciation fund. The Cycle Board of
Trade also wishes to give a race meet
for the same purpose, and it will
probably be held during the second
week in June. A committee of wheel
men spent the greater portion of yes
terday in raising money and reported
.$600 pledged as the result. Captain
Max Rosenfeld of the Olympic Club
stated the directors had decided to
add $500 to the list, contingent upon
the affair being truly amateur. As
the association was able to guarantee
the quality of the scheme the $50")
pledge was placed on the records.
Word was also received that James D.
Phelan had signified his intention of
subscribing after visiting Superintend
ent McLaren of Golden Gate Park and
learning the scope of the project.
Important Conference Will Be Held
To-Day In Reference to the. .
Athletic Amphitheater.
PARK TRACK CO3DIITTEE
TO MEET C030nSSIOXERS
Sixth race, six furlongs— Mayor Johnson won
Early Eve second. Federal third. Time!
Second race, six furlongs— AIHsta won Ko
kombo second. Jerry Lynch third. Time.
Third race, one mile— Allopath won Weird
second. Marcos third. Time, 1:42 4-5.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles By
ways won Oregcr K second. Our Bessie third.
Time. 1:45 2-5. /
. Fifth race, four and a half furlongs—Luza
rion won. Gold Enamel second. Kid Weller
third. Time :53 3-5.
First race, four furlongs — Charley's Aunt
won, Clara Berry eecond, Voltxice third.
Tame, :49.
CHICAGO. May 5.— Worth results
Winners at Worth.
Klr.g? Pr:ie vs \ iking; Royal Friend vf.
Vrn^r Hl.l; Ttllow Tail vs. star Eyivanus;
CJiaucus vs. Northern Alarm: Sofala va Med
ley; Your.p Fearlrpp vs. Prompto; Wattles vs.
Xi , He«:=»n; Old Ironsides vs. /Prometheus;
Jlaru. Twain vs. Laboring Boy; N Co»ette vs
Traiee Lars; Pasha 1'loasant vs Pure Pearl-
Jyibr-raior v*. Frisky Boy; Tour.g Johnnv Rex
v*. MIfs Brummel; Dorothy M vs Black *Coon-
T«>xas Marrir vf. Luxury; Wait for Me r»!
Afjple BloSMOm; Jlelen Hayer \- f . Equator- Col
ored Ltfiy vs. Jig Step: Hermit vs Qulta
«~o*nTn«>iv!a! Traveler vs. Lulu Girl; Conroy
v». Rairgpd Actor; Ixird Oranard vf Fiddler*-
Mttlsi Flungir \>. Firm Felloe; Toronto ve'
HaAUBgtni; Tbctls vg. Jerry Wright; Don
IVir-ff vs. J #>nii : Ador.is vs. Concord Boy; Lily
Tork vs. Gir.ncine Pasha: Vina vs *"anrle
Ji-JRhie: Preoita May vs. Maid of t'h» Glen-
Orstna vs. Mcilirwood; Gold Lily vs. Crawford
XSelte.
Quila and Black Coon are among
*he greyhounds entered for this week's
«a»? at Ingrlepide Cqursing- Park.
Frtty-four coursers in all will com
p»te for the stake, which nil] be run
in its entirety on Sunday. The draw
last ttig:ht resulted as follows:
,JS1«>-Four Greyhounds Will Compete
. at the nesrlar Meeting Arranged
for Sunday.
QVITA AM) BLACK COOX
I-V IXGLESIDE PARK STAKE
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, selling—
Duela won, Xaboklish second, Tickful third.
Time. 2:14*6.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards sell
ing—Dawson won. Sister Lillian second, Exapo
third. Time, 1:54.
Third race, four and a half furlongs— Paul
Revere won. «Jddon second, Major Outlook
third. Time, l:0OV4.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap— Kindred
w °n. Vestry second, Joe Goss third. Time,
First race, one mile and twenty yards, sell-
Ing — Mollle T won. The Regent second. Brook
lyn third. Time, 1:01.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, selling
— Kirst One won. Angelo second. Aransaa third.
Time. 1:14'$.
ST. LOUIS, May 6.— Results
Racing at St. Louis.
Fifth race, one and a quarter miles, selling-
Elliott won. Sweet Tone second, Erne third.
Tlm«. 2:13ft.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Klelnwood
won. Cloverton second. Alma Dufour third.
Time, 1:18'£.
Second race, four furlongs-iMannont won.
Chicago Lad second. Envoy third. Time, :5'2.
Third race, one mile — Bragg won, Rough and
Tumble second. Argeshire third. Time, l:4U',i.
Fourth raoe, four and a half furlongs, Kan
sas City Journal stakes, $1:200 added-^-Airship
won, John Smulski second. Vedalla third.
Time, :67&.
First race, six furlongs — The Mighty won,
F.'i 1 !?? Luso ¦ econd » Heuel third. Time,
Elliott Wins at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITT, May 5.— Elm Ridge re
sults:
OAKLAND RACETRACK— THURSDAY, May 5, 1904. Weather flne.^Track fast.
6729. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; aelllag; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. <325.
IndexJ I ' Horse and Owner. Wt St. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6715 Clausus, 4 (T. H. Ryan) 110 ~6 ... 61 5 lfciTl 1 h Vlckery ... « 5-2
5IJI Step Around. 4 <F. Devin)... 102 4 ... 8 1 3 1 2 1 2h J. Jones 6 7
?.'<,£. Murat - 4 <O. Henderson) 102 8 ... 4 14 2 h 3 % 3 H Holbrook ..8 10
0C29 Amasa. a (M. M. Rowley)... IC6 2 ... 1 V, 1 1 1 h 4 1 A. Powell.. 20 SO
6C69 Toto Gratlot. 4 (Thompson) .. 108 7... 7 282 6152 F. Kelly.... 10 20
C029 The Pride, a (A. Xeal) 104 11 ... 10 2 » 2 8 2 6 2 LJnton 4 8-2
6608 Pope Leo, a (C. E. Qruwell).. 107 8 ... 8 l'-T *i 7 1 7 1H Alarle 80 23
6«iSa Modtler. 6 (Buckholts & P.).. 104 S ...6 1 6 1 9 2 8 2 T. Butler.- 10 12
6702 Sollnus. 6 (L. Levy) 104 10 ... 8110 2 10 2 92 JT Shehn 8-5 13-5
6613 Geisha Girl, 4 (Robinson).... 108 8 ... U 11 11 10 4 Crosswalte 50 50
6727 iRosebud. 6 (C. Parker) lpgj 1 ... 2 V, 4 1 4 h 11 McKlnnon . 20 30
Time— :24%. :49, 1:11%. At post 2 minutes. Off at 2:16. Clausus. place. 1: show. 1-2. Step.
place, 2; show. 4-5. Murat. ehow, 6-2. Winner ch. h. by Brutus-Claude. Trained by T.
H. Ryan. Scratched— Maud Muller. Start good. Won in a hard drive of four. Clausus
best. Was In a pocket to the stretch. Step Around ran her race. Murat showed im
• provement Amasa quit. ! The Pride acted very badly at the post and Linton handled
feeded jn the betting and lacked^ speed. __--_„_-¦
6730. SBCOXD RACE — Four furlongs; purse; maiden 2-year-olds; value to first. $325.
Index Hone and Owner! Wt St. \L~. %I %. 8tr. Fin. Jockey. Op. CL
6688 David Boland (Balrd & Co.).. 105 4 18*18 12 Reed ..TTTT <T~ll-2
6088 Edgecllff (8. Judge & Co.).... 105 5 2 1 22 2 8 J. T. Ehehn « 7
6567 Hooligan (D. 8. Fountain) 105 6 72 32 35 T. iButler... 10 12
6604 Alone (Summer* & Co.) 109 7 4H42 4 1% J Jones 5 11-2
6CS8 Rublana^E. JB. Smith) 108 1 • 3 . %, B 2 5h Ltnton 10 20
6700 Dresden (W. M. Rogers) ..... 100 2 .' 8' 2 51 62 Moll 20. 11 -"8
6267 Only Jlmmle (Capps & Co.).. 106 8 3^7272 W. Xarvaez BO CO
6712 Gallant Cassle (Mrs. Miller).. 102 11 1O 2 8 2 8 2 Crosswaite SO SO
6694 Heredla (Clifford & Co.) 102 9 113 9 1^9 3 McBritfe ... SO 30
6604 Iron King (Partington Bros.) 112 10 6^10 2 10 4 F. Kelly.... 30 40
6712 Lucrece (Macdonough) fOS> 8; 8 2 112 113 Vlckery ... 6-5 9-5
6700 Grenore (J. Davla). 105 12 12. 12 12 Roach 6 7
Time— :24Vi, :49. At post 2% minutes. Off at 2:43^. Boland. place 2; show, 1. Edge
cliff, place. 3; show, 8-5. Hooligan, show. 6-2. Winner.- b. g. by David Tenny-Ella
Boland. Trained by W. Balrd. Start good. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner apt 10 make a clever performer. Edgecllff is unlucky. Hooligan closed strong.
Alone will improve. Rublana backed up. Lucrece. away well, was almost knocked
to her knees ¦ on the far turn,
6731. THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; 8-year-olds and up; value to first, $325. .
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. U. %. %• Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6710 Chileno, a (Blaslngame Bros.) 97 2 1%12 16 15 16 Crosswalte 8-5 11-10
6608 Resigned. 3 (A. W. Coffey)... 84 6 4 % 8 1U2 2 2 1H2 2 McBrlde ... 4 8
6099 Dollie H. 3 (H. J. Hart) 92 4 0 2 5^5 I'a4 1*43 n Herbert ... 20 15»
6592 Keogh. 8 (P. Hildreth) 91 8 !^4n 61 31 42 McGulre ... 20 20
6C03 Lozano. 5 (Leach & Cook) 09 8 11 2 7 1 7 1 6 2 5 H J. Jones.... 6 8
6711 Vigoroso. 4 (Appleby & Co.). 102 9 Sh 81 4^8 1^6 h T. Butler... * 20 20
C611 Dr. Blrdsall 3 (McConnell). . 94 7 6 2 6 1 9 1»*7 1 7 1# Sullivan ... 20 15
6G27 Pachuca. 3 (Xapa Stock F.).. 87 5 6 1 9 1 3 n 5 n 8 2 G. Bullman 20 30
6707 The Stewardess. 5 (Winter).. 101 1 7 1 10 1 10 2 10 2 9 2 McKlnnon . 6 8
,CC2l H. P. Cane. 4 (3. Green) 102U1 10 »£U 2 11 3 11 2 10 1^ Holbrook .. 10 15
6«09 Lecturer. 6 (J. J. Coalter) 113|1O 3 1%2 y, 8 1 9 2 11 4 FYowen ... 20 30
6980 Cracko. 4 (Fitzgerald & Co.).|102|12 12 12 12 12 12 Reed 20 12
Time— :25W., :49%. 1:15%; l:42tf. At post 4%i minutes. Off at 3:14^. Chileno. place.
3-5; show. 1-3. Resigned, place, 3; show. 3-2. Dollie. show, 3 Winner, ch g. by
Tenny- Chemuck. Trained by W. L. AppWby. Start perfect. Won easily. - Second and
third ridden out. Chileno pounds the best. Resigned ran to form. Keogh ran a fair
a very slow beginner. The Stewardess cut off on' first turn.
6732. FOURTH RACE — One mile and 100 yards; selling; 3-year-olds and up; first. $325. .
Index! Horse and Owner. IWt St. Vi.. 1$. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op! CL
6722 Northwest, 3 (Clifford & Co.). 94 6 1 h 1 1%1 2 12 11 McBrlde ... 2~ll-5
C710 Searcher, 6 (O. P. Roralgh).. 109 391 »n 0132 2h T. Clark... 6> 16
6684 Past Master, 4 (Boughsman). . 104 8 6 8 5 h 5 »j 5 2 3 "i Herbert ... 10 • 20
6710 Isabelllta. 4 (McXamara) 102 1-2 2 2 1»42 2^2 2 4 2 Roach 3 4
(6C95) Mr. Dingle. 4 (Mrs. Sprole»)..|l04 10 82 71 72 61 5.1 Crosswaite 5 7
6683 Nullah, a (G. S. McKenzie).. 101 5 3 h 3 2 3 2 4 1 « 2 Reed . . 6 4
6603 r O U. 5 (C. W. Chappell) 103 4 11 10 1 10 3 8 3 7 2 T Butler 8 15
6719 Anvil, 4 (Murray & Co.) 9£2 42 41 41 71 8H Wright ... 8 15
6707 Tonopah 6 (R. W. Price) ilOfi 9 71 8 l'$8 H10 4 9.". McKlnnon " 10 16
6708 IMoalto, 3 (J. de la Montanya) 95 7 5 h 6 2 6 1 92 10 5 J 'Jones ..! 12 "0
•uS47 iDorlce. 3 IE." B. Smith) | 93jll 10 h 11 11 11 11 Adair 20 25
Time— :24%. :49. 1:I5U. l:*l\i, 1:47. At post 4 minutes. Off at .1:35 Northwest place
1; show, 1-2. j Searcher, place, rt; ehow, 3. Master, show, 4. Winner, br. f. by Mon
tana-Nina M. Trained by J. F. Clifford. Scratched — Facts Start fair. Won first three
driving hard. Winner best. Searcher, a slow beginner, got through on the rail. Too
much early use made cf Isabelllta. Mr. Dingle ran a good race. Too far for Xullah
I O U *ore. Anvil quit. Moalto won^t do. *Los Angeles index e345.
0733. FIFTH RACE— Six . furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first, ? 325.
Index .: Horse and Owner. |Wt St. %. %. *i. Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op. Cl.
(66S9) Olympian. 6 (J. F. Schorr). ..]lC5 1 ... 12 12 12 1 1 J T Shehn 8-5 13-5
6715 Mlmo 4 (P. Sheridan) 102 2 ... 2 1^2 2 2 1 2 2 Crosswalte 3 2
6707 Yellowstone 5 (W. P. Fine).. 110 5 ... 51 61-51 33 F Kelly 20 2O
6685 St. Wlnnlfride. 4 (Painter)... 105 6 ,... 4 2 3 y, 3 H 4 n J." Jones .'. . X 9--»
(6591) Romalne. 4 (Murray & Co.).. 97 3-... 71 72*4 1 61 Wright ;.. 15 13
6720 Tom Slavin. 6 (Clifford) 100 8 ... 8 6 14 7 1 « 1% Roach ' 15 16
C568 M T S. 4 (P. Herxog).. 101 7 ... 6 V-, 8 8 7 1 McKlnnon '. 30 40
(6709) Agnes Mack, 4 (McClary) 112 4 ... 3 2 43 62 8 Vickery ... 6 1*»
6713 Lady Kent, a (J. Ryan) 105 Pulled up ... McBrtde ... 6 8
Time — :24*i. :4S. 1:14%. At post 3% minutes. Off at 3:5S»ii. Olympian, place. 6-5; show
3-5. Mimo. place. 4-5; show, 2-5. Yellowstone, show, 4. Winner, ch h. • by Domlno-
Belle of. May wood. Trained by J. F. Schorr. Start good. Won first three ridden out
Olympian showing a trace of old-time form. Mlmo ran his race. Yellowstone closed
6trong. Romalne messed about. Agnes Mack blew up early. Lady Kent broke with her
company andwas pulled up fifteen^ y a /4 s _ a jter_ passing barrier. •Formerly Tod Sloan.
6734. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. jWtiSt. %. *?. «;. Str. Fin. Jockey, j Op! CL
(6710) Handpress. a (Magrane) 11121 15.". lh 12 12 13 J. Jones....! 4^ iT«
6713 Kitty Kelly, a (Stanneld) 107 4 lh 2 1^2 2 2 1«J2 n J T. Shehn' 3 :»
671.1 Chickadee. 5 (S. Rafour) 107 7 62 8 7 1 S 1U3 2 Crosswalte 12 13
672S Mocorlto; a (J. Ryan) 94 3 3 4 4 4 'i 7 3 4 lij McBrlde .. S 11-2
COCO Possart, 6 U. E. Case) 112 6 7 2 H 1 6^61 6 3 Fletcher '... 10 6
6711 Conger, 4 (Kirk & Co.} i 92 5 2 »i 3 2 3 1 4 2 6 h Herbert ... 50 JOO
(6710) Gold Finder, a (P. G^Lynch)|104 2 4 1145 1 5^31 73 Adalr 10 "0
(0711) Dandle Belle. 6 (Winter & J.)jlO2 8 ,S 7 1 S 8 S McKinnon . 2O - SO
Time— :2t?4. :49Vi. 1:15\«. 1:41%; At post 5Vj minutes. Off at 4:28^- Handpress place
3*5; ehow. out. Kelly, place. 7-10; show. 1-4. Chickadee, show 2. Winner, b h by
Hanover- Pomona. Trained by W. P. Magrane. Scratched — Leash. Start fair ' Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner bid up from $500 to $S0O by Dan Meek- re- -
tained. . Handprtss. cut off on first turn, soon went to the front and sneezed In. Kitty
Kelly could not outrun him. Chickadee ran a good race. Fossart weakly handled So
was Gold Finder. »
Steeplechase for Dr. NawUn.
liOUIBVILLB, ; Ky., May 6.— Chnrehlir
Dotviu r*«ult»:
First race, four and a half farioan. •alltn*-—
Lamplighter wqn. Woodclalm »«cond, Beasl*
Mao third. Time. :&«.
Second race, mix furlon**. selllnc — Jack
Greenbur? won. Handmero second, AustraJlna
third. Time. 1:15.
Third race, steeplechase handicap. ¦ short
course— Dr. Nowlln won. Falltla second, Bright
Girl third. Time, 2:6C^.
Fourth race, the Clark handicap, on* and a
sixteenth mllea — Colonial Oirl won, Monsieur
Beaucalre second. Reservation third. Time,
Fifth race, four furlonjrs — Omella woo. En
chanter second. Lawl«r third. Time, :49%.
Sixth race, one mile and twenty yards, sell
ing—Bell the Cat won. Snare second. Barney
Burk third. Time, 1:49
The first betting was 3 to.l against
Irish Lad. but heavy wagers sent his
price down to 7 to 6.
The race was worth to the winner
about $11,500, $2000 to the second and
$1000 to the third horse.
Meanwhile Irish Lad was . leading
through the first and second quarters
of the race with a scattered field be
hind him, its members constantly
changing position, with Mamie Worth.
Toboggan, Red Knight, Stalwart and
Damon his closest followers. Mamie
Worth euit at the five-eighths pole.
Something seemed to discourage
Highball .Just before the last turn was
reached and he backed up as if done.
He was clear at the time and no rea
son for his faltering was apparent, es
pecially in view of the fact that he
came on again strongly in the stretch.
IRISH LAD RESPONDS GAMELY.
Coming around the last turn Irish
Lad held his lead, but the others began
to draw nearer as they straightened
out for home. Irish Lad seemed to
slow up as if to encourage his compet
itors, but Shaw was.tcking 110 chances.
With hand6 and heels he urged on the
leader and Irish Lad responded quick
ly. His apparent faltering had en
couraged the others, and Cochran on
Red Knight. Bullman on Highball and
Burns on Toboggan began to ride like
mad, believing they saw a chance to
snatch the prize.
It was a vain hope, however, for the
Candlemas colt was going easily, and
without an effort increased his advan
tage a length, gaining still more as he
neared the end and winning by two
lengths from Toboggan, which was
tired but game.
Damon was first to break, but before
the sixteenth pole was reached Irish
Lad had gone through on the rail and
was two lengths in front. Here an
accident occurred that might have
proved serious. Lord Badge, ridden by
Cormack and heavily backed for sec
ond and third places, was well away
from the post and near the outer rail.
Beldame, with Brennan up, was In the
middle of the bunch and was one of the
first away. As soon as she got into her
stride she bolted toward the outer
fence and struck Lord Badge sharply,
knocking the horse down on his side.
Cormack was sent rolling in the dust,
but arose uninjured. Lord Badge
Jumped to his feet quickly and was not
hurt.
NEW YORK. May 6.— Irish Lad,
owned by Harry Payne Whitney and
running In the name and colors of his
partner, Herman B. Duryea, won the
thirteenth renewal of the Metropolitan
handicap over the Withers mile at
Morris Park to-day in easy fashion.
He was carrying the top weight- and
was favorite In the betting by many
points. Taking the lead in the first
hundred yards, he led his field without
trouble, although the pace was fast
The horse seemed to feel his superior
ity and at the three-quarters slackened
his speed as if unwilling to run faster
than necessary. As a result the field
closed up on him. Shaw then gave his
mount a vigorous shaking up and Irish
Lad drew out and won by two lengths
from Toboggan, an added starter from
the Keene stable. Beldame, winner of
the Carter handicap a few weeks ago.
was third, after a nose and nose finish
with the much^vaunted Highball.
All the entries that seemed to have a
chance to win were away from the post
well except Lux Casta. That erratic
mare and Highball were disturbing
factors at the start, which was delayed
for several minutes. When the flag fell
the horses were fairly well aligned.
City Bank, the eleventh-hour entry of
John E. Madden, and Toboggan get
ting the worst of the send-off.
LORD BADGE KNOCKED DOWN.
SEATTLE, May 5. — Tacoma-Seattle
game postponed on account of rain.
PORTLAND, May 6. — Oakland-
Portland game postponed on account
of rain.
Rain Prevents Northern Games.
Jimmy Whalen found himself locked
in deadly combat with the much feared
Doc Newton yesterday at Recreation
Park. Of course, Jimmy thought he
<jould win.. Perhaps he might have
turned the trick had the fourth, fifth
and ninth rounds been eliminated.. It
¦was during these stormy periods that
the Angels from sunny climes made
runs. Score 10 to 2.
For three innings the game was a
blissful siege, with no runs showing on
the horizon. The storm clouds gathered
In the fourth, when Bernard lined the
ball out to right field for a swell double.
Flood fanned and Smith walked. Cra
vath had the big hit in his bat this
time, and Bernard hot-footed home.
Smith pulled up at. third Just as Ross
hit to Whalen so warmly that he could
not handle it with much ease. Chase
forced Cravath at third, but Toman and
Spies came through with blngles, and
thusly It is the tale of the first four.
Hank's collection handed it to the
Doc a little in the same round. Irwln
connected squarely nith one that went
to the fence for a along single. Leahy
received a slap In the plexus. Big Bill
Massey stood up and took two strikes.
Newton;tried to wing another over on
the ponflerous lad, but he hit oft a*daz
zler to left field, which started a howl
among the bleacherites and caused Ir
wln and Leahy to the finish.
The Angels were not at all satisfied
with four. In the next period they ac
cumulated three extra ones. Bernard
led off again with a hit and Flood sac
rificed. Smith and Cravath walked, and
when Ross doubled over third the first
two arrived. Cravath came in soon
after while Chase was being retired by
the short-first route.
It was all tranquillity and good base
ball from that time on to the ninth,
when the Angels squeezed in three
more. Spies hit and Newton walked.
Both were advanced on Flood's out,
and both arrived when Jimmy Whalen
erred on Massey's throw of a stop from
Smith's club. Cravath put the finish
ing touches on the artistic windup by
clouting out a two-cushion swipe to the
flagpole. The score:
San Francisco — ] Los Angeles —
A/B.R. H. P.A.I- AB.R. H. P.A.
Hiidbr.lf -1 O 12 0 ; Bernrd,ct 4 2 2 2 0
Wldrn.cf 4 0 0 3 0 Flood, 2b 4 0 0 0 0
Meany.rf 4 0 0 10 Smith. 3b 2 3 0 O 1
Irwln. 3b S 1 3 2 2 Crvath.rf 4 12 5 1
Leahy, c 3 1 0 0 2;Ross. If 5 1 2 6 0
Masey.ib 4 0 2 8 1 ChasOb 4 I 0 0- 0
Andsn,2b 4 0 0 1 1 Toman s 4 0 12 2
Miller, a 3 O 1 3 3 Bple*, 'c'4 I 2 SO
¦\Vhalen.p 3 0 0 1 CiXewton.p 3 1 O' O 2
Totals. 32 2 7 27 15i Totals.84 10 9 27 0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 0 0 4 3 0 0 0 3—10
Base hits 0 0 0 5 2 O 0 0 2—9
San Francisco ...O 0 0 2 0 0 0 O O—2
Base hits O 102 11011—7
SUMMARY.
Errors — Whalen. Miller. Two-base hits —
Massey (2), Bernard, Ross, Irwln <2). Sacrifice
hit — Flood. First base on errors — Las Angeles 2.
First base en called balls— Oft Whalen 4, oft
Xewton 1. Struck DUt — By Whalen, 5. by New
ton 1. Hit by pitcher — Bernard. Leahy. Dou
ble play — Cravath to Chase. Left on bases —
San Francisco 5. Ix>s Angeles 4. Wild pitch —
Whalen. Time of frame — 1 hour and 30 min
utes. Umpire — McDonald.
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
W. I,. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Tacoma :..... 2H 12 .riy Seattle .......17 J5 .551
Oakland ......21 15 .683 '>an Fran 17 20.458
Lob Angeles.. 20 16 .508 Portland ... 7 27 .209
Ninth relay— C. H. Clark. IJ. C. W.; H. E.
Warren. C. C. C. : K. DlfTenbach. G. C. W. ;
A Wilkea. N. C. W.: W. Lucio. O. TV".
Tenth relay — G. Cushmaa, B. C. W.; E. A.
Mitchell. C. C. C: W. C. Walb«l. G. C. W.;
A. Trout. X. C. W. : A. T. Smith. O. W.
The race will be in charge of the fol
lowing officials:
Racing and records committee — C. I». Me-
Eneraey, chairman; F. W. Smith. M. M. Mof-
Jltt. B. F. Balart. H I.. Delaney. Referee —
George W. Payton. Starter — W. B. Morrlll.
Tlmers-»-GeorRe P. Wetmore. J. F, Hancock,
A. H. Sampson. Clerk of couth* — G«orjjo
Dlxon. Judges at finish — F. C. Boeckmar>.
B C. W. ; Charles C. Wuth. C. C. C; J. A.
Deslmone. G. C. W. ; M. Xewmark. N. C. W.;
X. Kidwell. Oakland W
Eighth relay — V. S. Gray. B. C. W. ; E.
Hitchcock. C. C. C; W. Cheboya. G. C W. ;
H. Strohlrin. X. C. W. : P. Bore*. O. W.
The twelfth renewal of the California
Associated Cyclists' 100-mile relay race
from this city to Alameda by way of
San Jose will be held on Sunday. This
race ha* proved the most wonderful of
its kind, as In no other part of tha
world have wheelmen been able to find
a circular 'course where the start and
the finish would be in such proximity.
This will be the second race for the
W. B. Morrlll trophy, which was won
last year by the Garden City Wheel
men. Five clubs will be represented in
the race. Each will have ten couriers
and each of these will ride ten miles.
In the past the greatest riders the coast
has known— Edwards, Ziegler, McFar-
Iand, "Wells, Ruaa, Coulter, Foster, Ful
ler. Downing. Smith. Deacon. Mott.
Byrnes. Albrecht. Delmas. Kragness.
Wing and a host of others— have strug
gled on the road for no reward other
than club glory.
The race has been won once by the
Acme Club, once by the Olympic Club
Wheelmen; four times by the Bay City
Wheelmen and five times by the Gar
den City Wheelmen." The entries for
Sunday's race are:
First relay— F. G. West. Bay City "WTieel
men: A. Lambr?cht. California Cycling Club:
J. Beucks. Garden City Wheelmen; A. Gre*n-
Inyer. New Century Wheelmen; A. Gilbert.
Oakland Wheelmen.
Second relay — A. T. Sllva. B. C. W.; A.
Carl. C. C. C. : B. Murphy. G. C. W. ; A.
Carlson. N". C. W.; A. Roberts. O. W.
TblrS relay — J. P. Stmmoas Jr., B. C. W. :
Warren Brown. C. C. C. ; J. Berryessa. C. C.
W.: J. Schou. K. C. W.; A. Everett. O. W.
Fourth relay— F. P. McNulty. B. C. W. :
W. M. Spellman. C. C. C. : L. MastfnnJ, G. r.
W.: A. Hodgklc«. X. C. W.; J. Haurat. O. TV.
Fifth relay— F. H. McLaughlln. B. C. W.;
C. Smith. C. C. fcj W. Burnett. G. C. W. : E.
E. Bergman. J7. C. W. ; K. Williamson, O. W.
Sixth relay— C. Lonar. B. C. W. : U Hables.
C. C. C; P. Ma&ginnl, G C. W.'; I* Shaw.
N. C. W.; H. Hancock. O. W.
Seventh relay — H. L. Xewaom. B. C. W. ;
M. Rinrrose. C. C C. ; O.. Peterson, G. C. W. ;
W. Clayton. N. C. W.; H. Bente. O. W.
Billy Stuart knocked out Billy Shanks
in two rounds, the only poor bout of
the night. Tom Sullivan outpointed
Joe- Podesta. Mike Synfy was given the
rartn of victory over . Young McClure
syid Billy Duffy earned a Just award
over Roderick Ecrlo.
. Alex Gregferains, the artful director of
tlTe San. Francisco AthletU; Club, seems
to-tave solved the weigrhty problem of
resucrectinff the game of amateur
SstlcuSs from an almost hopeless
elurrp and placing :t again in popular
favcr. After a lapse of many moons
the magnate of the south side slugging:
Institution promoted a show last night
t?rat filled the immense "Woodward's
Pavilion and furnished a night of
°eport unparalleled In the history of the
tmateur trame here.
¦ Every star in the rank and file \ru
billed in one of the events and each
fighv xvas fcr blood, as well as a tro
phy. The -wind-up happened to be the
greatest battle of the night. It was
'¦won on a fair decision by George Pe
terscn, the cyclone from the Occidental
Club, over his old rival and one-time
"conqueror, Joe Thomas, the pride of
tjre Brooklyn Club.
• The boxers met at 145 pounds and
ircm the clang of the b<?ll they were at
'it tVith a vengeance. The first round
'was even up, both men wading' in and
giving end taking a lot of punishment
.at inter«val«. The next round went to
Peterson by a wide margin. He land
ed rfjjht at.d left swings at close Quar
ters and had Thomas on the road to
cleepy lane. The third was a hot mlx
¦ Vr? Jm which both boys were badly
Jurred and all but out. Peterson-ral
lied in the last and gave Thomas a
bad beating.
Ted Wolff e knocked out "Rough
Houre" McDonald about fifteen sec
onds beTore the end of the third round.
McDonald had a slight advantage up
to that time. He contended he was not
counted out. Harry Tenny, the ban
tam champion, lost a hard battle to
John Crow. Crow was the cleaner
•puncher and landed oftener. Tenny
rilsheti him around, but could not hit.
his man. Dick Hyland beat Charley
I>unn after four ferocious rounds.
Dunn was all but out at the end of the
¦battle.
For Many Years This Eace
Has Attracted the Great
est Eiders on the Coast
Massey Scores Two Men With
a Timely Double, but No
Further Damage Eesults
Year | WINNER. | Time. J Value.
lSfll.'iTrietan 1:51% 1 $7,200
1592. Peesarra 1:54 12,200
1593. Charade 1:52% 13.740
lSM.lRamapo 1:32>% 6,145
18S»5.:Xot contested.
1SW>. Counter Tenor. .. 1:63*4 8.850
1887.;»Voter 1:40 4.2SD
189S.!Bowlin* Brook.. 1:44% ti.750
1893. Flllgran* l:39fe- 6.2W)
1600. Ethelbert 1:41 6.810
1901. Baoastar 1:43 8,920
1902. Arsenal 1:42*4 11.080
19O3.;Qunnre 1:88 15,000
l»04.!Irish Lad 1:40 15.000
¦Reduced to one mile from one and
an eighth miles. '
Amateur Fighting Game Ke
:• vived With a Fine Card by
the' San Francsico Club
mcdoxald takes count
FIVE CLUBS WILL STAET
Sixth race, last ••vcn furlongs of Withers
mile, selling — El*l« L won, Monadnoclc second.
Cincinnati^ third. Tlm«. 1:28.
¦ Fifth race, the Meadowbrook Hunurt' trial
steeplechase, about two mils* — Collgny won.
White Crest second. Twilight third Time,
4:05.
Third race, five furlongs. th« Juvenile stakes
—Song and Wine won. Right Koyal second,
Au S er third. Tim* :67»i.
Fourth race, the 'Withers mile th© Metro
politan handicap — Irish Lad 123 (Shaw), 7 to 5.
won; Toboggan 103 (Burns), 10 to 1. second;
Beldame 88 (A. Brennan). 20 to 1. third. Time,
1:40. Hljhball. Red Knight. Stalwart. But
tons. Damon, Orthodox. I Lord of th« Valley,
Lux Casta, Eugenia Burch, Mamie Worth.
¦Carlelesa. Infold. City Bank and Lord Badge
alco ran. „.
Second race, four and a half furlongs— Tanya
won. Santa Catallna second,- Lallte third.
Time :S4
Attendance, £5,000. "Weather fine;
track fast. Results:
First race, five and a. half furloan— Reliable
won. Sovereign second, Robin Hood third.
Time. l_:O7.
Metropolitan Handicap Winners
KEWTOX IS INVINCIBLE
Entries for the Twelfth
Annual Struggle of the
Wheelmen Arc Given Out
Angel Batsmen Land Heavi
ly on Uncle's Slabster in
Fourth, Fifth arid Ninth
After Four Exciting Rounds
• -He'Outpoints His Oldtime
Conqueror, Joseph Thomas
Beldame Bolts Into Lord Badge, Knocking
Him Down and Nearly Causing Tragedy.
Highball Proves a Sad Disappointment
WHITNEY ENTRY TAKES THE LEAD
AT START AND IS NEVER HEADED
JIMMY WHALEN
PROVES EASY
PETERSON WINS
A GREAT FIGHT
RELAY RIDERS
ARE NOMINATED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALi; FRIDAY, MAY 6, "1904
Four Public Choices Finish, in Front at
Oakland and the Layers Are Hard Hit.
Clausus Is Plunged On — Handpress Wins
OLYMPIAN HAS PLENTY OF SPEED
AND CLEVERLY DISPOSES OF MIMO
IRISH LAD, WITH TOP WEIGHT UP, TAKES THE METROPOLITAN HANDILY
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Jg.nn m— — 131— ¦¦ ' ~"
. jL MwnhiB's Banner Brew I
WttZ^t* Tt iSnt talk that counts ' lVs . quality— Qual- K
Wg£y> ity that stands pat at all times, for honest jf
Trptiy criticism. The unprecedented popularity of If
[l^\\ t Blatz Wiener is due to its pronounced in- 8
Ka \<k dividuality— that indescribable, honest fla- i
Vv 10 vor tna * always means "Blatz" — that de- U
VL '/|L lightful Blatz Wiener "smack" that goes 1
S\ AW strai ght to the spot. Drink it for beer char- B
/\^\\l acter; for heaIth ' s sake drink it. Ask for- 5.
I >S *^Y ** owntown an d send a case home. 8
'V ALWAYS THE SAME 9
n vv S& cood old .8
. £?j[ BLATZ MALT-VIVINE 1
Wk (NON-INTOX.) TONIC I
\f*f DRUGGISTS OR DIRCCT. $
Jl|» VAL, BLATZ BREWING CO., Milwaukee. I
sah bibo & CO. ""'fi'S.SS?™ j»j«}; «• gThe schooner George E. Billings has been
floated, according to a cablegram received yes
terday from Melbourne.' She left Waratah Bay
Wednesday for Melbourne, but put Into West
ernport on. account of heavy weather and is
still there awaiting 1 the arrival of another tow
boat. '
George E. Billings Floated.
The new route to Yosemite 'Valley es
tablished by the Santa Fe takes passen
gers directly through two groves of the
famous California Big Trees without
side trip. It is also the short, quick
way. Yosemite Is now open. Folders and
information at Santa Fe-offlce. 641 Mar
ket street. •
Yosemite and the Big Trees.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
May 6.
Alliance. . . . Eureka & Coos B. 6 pm Pier 16
Iaqua Humboldt 1 pm Pier 2
Empire.... Coos B & Pt. Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
May 7.
Ccntrslla... Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
8. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Spokane Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Centennial. I Reattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 20
Pt. Arena. • I Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Oregon Aetorlr. & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Mongolia... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Acapulco. . . N, Y. via Panama. 12 m Pie* 40
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier li
'. May 8. |
Kureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
S. Kosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
May 9.
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
May 10. - |
Newburg... "rays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPier.«0
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Senator. . . . Puget Sound Ports. IX am Pier 9
May 11. ,
Sequoia.... Wlllapa' Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 20
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Q. Dollar.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
S. Cruz..... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
. May 12.
Elizabeth.. Coquille River..... 5 pm Pier 20
State of Cat Han Diego & Way. ft am Pier 11
Pomo.. Pt. Arena & Albion 0 pm Pier 2
Q. W. Eldei Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Amer. Marti China A Japan.-.. . 1 pm Pier 40
G. Llndauer Grays' Harbor. Pier —
• May 14.
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 20
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Aurella.... Astoria & Portland 12 m Pier. 2
May 15.
CityPuebla Puget Sound Ports. ill am Pier 9
from Seattle.
Steamer. For. Sails, j
City Seattle.. Skagway &-Way Ports. May C
Farallon.... . Skaitway & Way Ports. May ' »
Bertha....... Valdez & Way .Ports. . May 10
Humboldt.... Ekagway & Way Ports. May 11
Corwin...... Nome .................. May 12
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. May 13
8antaAna... Valdez 4 Way Ports.. May 16
.-¦¦¦-. ¦ .. . ..' - . ¦ ¦ ¦
Conveys "Spite" Fence Lot.
A deed was recorded yesterday I
showing: the transfer from Thomas J.
Barbour to W. H. Crocker and his •
sister of the lot in the rear of the j
Crocker home on California street, on
which a 'spite" fence was maintained
for years. The fence has been re
moved ard the lot wil be made part
of the garden surrounding the home.
Matters of Interest to Mariners ond
Shipping Merchants,
*The Ccnran eUlp Alitcrultr %¦»'¦ cleared jres-
XE\VS OF THE OCKAX.
ford. where* the Fulton in tbe early part of
i-hf jrtEr was driven ashore during a gale. She
v.as pulled off tb\ beech ¦ few days ago by
ihr Dispatch and hiai> been brought here to be
refialrefl. The Dispatch snd her tow passed
P,olnt Reye* at 10:30 yereterday morning.
"''.*? iitdi. er rived la*>t evening from Port Or-
The stcjm schooner Fulton, in tow of the
Bring* pulton to Port.
• (can rCeutea. Albert Co.-mch, William Mc
i'.ay and «hari?*. Il^rmanf-n fllrd a libel ye«
t»rday In the T.'nited Ftafs District Court
ftSBinet th«? fcr::ooner John F. Miller to re
buver t">'i, sfiered to be due them as wages.
Schooner Libeled.
Tr*- nan;* and flag of the B^hooner Jenrye
.TbfSa have b»*-n changed and the little vessel
• t <:t<*:r-J ye-tf-r<iay for Victoria, . B. C. as the
'¦Ie»\knn nchooner Carmencita. In command cf ¦
• Captain McLean the if going on a sealing cruise
• >»:>d flifi? the Mfxtcan flas to avoid the restrlc
;.or.» ffovernlrtr sealing by American craft. Mc
.Ctmttm name i* famllur to the seal I nc industry
' and what he does not know about the northern
.. i -ri' > Is >«i>i to be of small Importance. In
npiKa of l.cr Mexican flag it Is «aid to have
*B*n American meney that ntted out the Car
•rn.ncltt. .~ *V
Von rilrs Sloxican nag.
Will Carry .Many Passengers.
: *The Pacific Mall Company'* liner Mongolia,
V,?!ch will sail for the Orient to-morrow, will
sarrj" about ir>0 cabin passengers and a large
?. umber of Chinese. Arson* those booked to
lySvel on th<* bir steamship are many Gov
*.-J.rr.«r.t. officials. VV. Morran Schuster, Col
•wt-ttr of the Port of Manila, is returning- on
i*. f- Mongolia to his pent. He will be aceom
sar.ifd by his wife. Count Mutsu and hie
¦ return on the lin»-r to Japan, where,
a «* understood, a hijrh place in the councils
'>{ .bin country !s aw*ltirfr the Japanese noble
mar.*. Mr. and Mrs. W. A. M. Burden Of New
York leave on the Mongolia for s, honeymoon
Iobt Of the Far Kart. Mrs. nurden is a
i,*aus?hi»r of II. McK»y Twombley and is well
Ctxnrsj in exclusive na»t*rn «ociety. Pay In-
Jy,e#tr>r j:. U. Hcgers of tbe navy and two
•lejis will'travel be far as Hongkong on the
ItncV. The Mongolia ¦Rill take about 7000 tons
<"{ <*jrKo. »-!:*;h <-oa«C*ts largely cf railroad
snalxsacnt end is rr.uttly for Japan.
The United States Weather Bureau observer
on* thf Faralloncs reported yesterday having
%«en A ¦teamer. which answer* in description
.\*> th« France* H. Leggett, drifting about in a
.hcSptees condition. She had no steerage way
«pn<i was wallowing in the trough of the sea.
**e flm lighted her east of the island at 11
a", m. She wa* then heading north. At 3 p. m.
¦be f-hanged her course and was making good
" b»2d*-ay to the westward. At 3:30 she hove to.
•The current had turned her round and at 4:40
•* .she war nearly out of eight, drifting to the
K~u:h»ard. She was for several hours in full
»'.rht"of th* Weather Bureau station, but dls-
P'.syed no signal* of distress, which leads to
.the., conclusion that her disability was tempo
*ncr. The courts of the liner Sierra, which
• ' »¦ . • : at 2 .o'clock, would take the Oceanic
Company's boat within signaling
¦ d^tance cf the disabled verael's drift, and In
tfifc event of help being needed the Sierra
•wouJd. render it. The Liggett left yesterday
' rriorr.]ng for- Midway via Honolulu with me
."chicles aad building materiel for the cable «ta
"'tjon.
Disabled bnt A«ks No Help.
Steamer. From. Due.
V.'vefleld Nanalmo May 6
Chas. Nelson. San Pedro May 0
Iaqca San Pedro May 6
Newburg Grays Harbor May 6
Eureka Humboldt May 6
North Fork.. Humboldt May 6
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor May 0
Senator Puget Sound Ports May
G. Dollar.... Grays Harbor May 7
S. Monica.... Grays Harbor May 7
Centralla.... San Pedro May 7
Nome City... San Pedro May 7
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor May 7
M. Dollar.... San Pedro May 7
Argo Eel River Ports May 7
W. Kruger..- Ban Pedro May 8
Arcata • Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. May S
Pomona. . . . .'., Humboldt May 8
Santa Cruz..' San Pedro & Way Pts. May 8
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria May fl
Arctic... Humboldt V May 0
Ptate of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. May n
Elizabeth Coqullle River May 10
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma May 10
Tellus Oyster Harbor May 10
Aurella Portland & Astoria May 10
Pomo Point Arena & Albion. May 10
San Pedro..:. Grays Harbor May 10
Alameda Honolulu May 10
Spokane Humboldt |May II
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports iMay 11
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena May 12
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. May 12
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. May 12
Peru New York via Panama. May 13
Doric China & Japan May 14
Oregon Portland & Astoria May 14
Rainier Seattle. & Whatcom. ... May 14
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympla. . ... May 15
Umatilla Puget Sound .Ports,... May 10
Boroma Sydney & Way Ports. May 1C
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, May 5.
Stmr Asuncion. Bridgett, 42 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, 14 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 10 hours from Bowens
Landing. - -
Simr F A Kllbtirn. Jahnsen, 7- hours from
Port Kodgtrs.
gtmr Brunswick, Kllefsen, 14 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Strar Eookane, Xopander, 16 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Bant* Rosa. Alexander, 41 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Ptmr Glp*y, Iyland, 16 hours from Monterey.
Ptmr Rival. Fosen, 24 hours from Eur«ka.
Hktn Gleaner, Schmehl, 5 days from South
Bend.
Pchr Jennie Wand, Christensen, 5 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Newark,' Reinertsen, 10 hours from
Flslc'* Mill.
Schr Volunteer. BrisEen, e day* from WII
lapa Hp.rbor.
Schr • Louis, Barren, 7 days from AVillapa
Harbor.
Schr Lizzie Prien, Anderson, 3 days from Co
qullle River.
Schr San Buenaventura, Lembke, 5 days
from Grays Harbor.
Schr Ida A. Campbell. 5 hours from Point
Reyes. ?
Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, 2 hours from
Bolinas. . .¦..-'.
CLEARED. ¦ -.•.•
Thursday, . May 5.
Ger stmr Hermonthls, Knudsen, Hamburg
and way ports, via Seattle; J D Spreckels &
Bros Co.
Stmr Sierra, Houdlette, Hcnolulu and Syd
ney; J D Spreckeln & Bros Co.
Btmr UmatUla, Patterson. . Victoria and way
ports; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Ger »hin Aisterufer. Jensen, Callao; W R
Grace & Co.
Bkta Northwest, Smith, Portland and As
toria; H R *5 Bixb«e.
Mex schr Carmenelta, McLean, Victoria: A
McLean.
SAILED. .
Thursday, May 5.
Rtmr Maggie, Corning. Half moon Bay.
Sttnr State of California. Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr F A Kllburn. Jahnsen, Port Rodger*.
Stmr Francis H Liggett, Reiner, Honolulu
and Midway Island.
Stmr Umatilla, Patterson. Victoria, B C.
Stmr Sierra, Houdlette, Honolulu and Sydney.
Ptmr Edith, Hall, Tacoma. -
Stmr Wef-tDort. 8mith. WestDOrt. -
Stmr National City. Hamtnar. Fort Bragg.
Ger itmr Hermonthis, Knudsen, Hamburg,
etc. via Seattle.
Rtmr Pomo, Ahlin, Albion.
Bark W B Flint, Johnson, Honolulu.
Bktn Northwest. Smith, Portland.
Brig W G Irwln. Hansen. Roche River.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. Bodega.
Mex achr Carmenlta. McLean, Victoria.
Tug Sea Rover. Thoimjaon, Seattle.
SPOKEN.
April 13 -Lat 4 south, Ion 28 west, Ger bark
SchJfTbek. from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
TELEGRAPHIC.
! POINT LOBOS, May 5, 10 n m— Weather
bazy; wind NW; velocity 22 mites per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. ,-.'; •'.
PORT HARFORD — Arrived May 6— Stmr
Santa Crux, hence May .*!. -Sailed 5 a m for
, San Pedro.
i TATOOSH— Passed in May 6— Bktn Retriev-
I *r, from San Pedro, for Port Hadlock: «chr
I Snow & Burgew, from Manila, for Port Town
eend; cchr Fearless, from San Diego, for Falr
1 haven. ¦* '
] TACOMA— Arrived May 5— Schr Philippine,
• from San Pedro.
UMPQUA RIVER— Sailed May 3 — Schr Lily,
for San Francisco; «chr Bfulah. for San Pe-.
i drn; echr Lucy, for San Pedro. ; t
1 SEATTLE— Sailed May 4-^-Stmr Atki. for
Skagway: stmr Dolphin, for Skagway.
Sailed May 5— Br sblfe Clan Buchanan, for
Mukilteo. I '¦¦¦¦'¦¦
! POINT HEYES— Paewij May 5. 12 m— Stmr
Rival from Eureka, for San FrancUco.
ASTORIA — Arrived 'May 5 — Bktn John
Smith, from San Pedro. '* m <¦
COOS BAY— Arrived May 6— Schr Ivy,
hence April 20: bktn Addenda, hence April 15.
6ANTA BARBARA— Sailed May 6— Stmr .
Saita Cruz, for San Pedro.
SAN DIEGO— Patled May 5 — Democrata,
°EUBEKA — Arrived May *5— Stmr" Eureka,
bailed May 3 — Schr John A, for San Fran
» Arrived May 5 — Stmr Pomona, hence May 4.
Belled May 5— Schr Golden Shore, for 8an
Shipping Intelligence.
Falls Into Bay and Drowns.
, A. man,, supposed to be a marine fireman
named Cunninpham, fell into the bay yesterday
morning from the gangway of the steamship
Centennial and was drowned. His body has
not been recovered. The Centennial Is lying
at Howard-street wharf. The man who was
drowned Is said to have been under the Influ
ence of liquor. He was not a member of the
Centennial's crew.
The Time Bull on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer>
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Ca?.,
May 5, 1904.
The schooner Volunteer, which arrived yes
terday. 6 days from Wlllapa Harbor, lost an
anchor and chain Wednesday night off the
Nine Fathom buoy. An attempt was being
ma/le to anchor the vessel ' when the chain
paid out and disappeared beneath the water.
It was not deemed safe to risk losing the re
maining mudhook and the Volunteer crulned
about outside until daylight yesterday morning.
She "brought 750,000 feet cf lumber.
loses Anchor and Chain.
(List of Lights, Buoys and Daymarks Pacific
CosFt. 1004. page 17) :
Notice le hereby given that Piedraa Blancas
whistling buoy, painted red and lettered "P.
B." in white, three-fourths of a mile SW\by
W. i* W from Pledras Blancas Lighthouse.
Eeacoaet of OUifornia, which recently went
adrift, was replaced May 4 In Its old position.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
Vf. P. DAY, Commander, U. 9. HI,
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Notice to Mariners.
PIEDRAS ELANCAS— CALIFORNIA
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tldts
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand colt/mn and thA successive tides of tne
day in the order of ' occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day.- except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the sounding of the United- States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the chart*. The plane of reference Is the mean
of tSe lower low waters.
FRIDAY. MAY 8.
Sun rises 5:08
Sun sets 7:04
Moon rises 0:11 a. m.
0 ITlme ITimtl jTimel iTimel
b _ F t. [ ( Ft. I 1 Ft. { Ft.
* iH "W |L Vt'l |H W| |L Vf\ y
0 3:42! 4.3110:35 0.7 6:00 4.6 11:20 O
T-J 4 :4S| 4.0 11:29 1.0 6:40 4.6...-:
L. \V H W L W H W
S 0:30 3.0 6:05 3.0 12:17 1.3 7:20 4S>
0 1:251 2.7 7:12 3.8 1:10 1.5 8:05 5.0
10 2:10! 2.1 8:14 S.9 1:54 1.7 S:40i 5.1
11 2:521 1.51 9:07 4.2 2:33 1.9 9:10! 5.2
12 3:29| 1.0|10:00 4.4 3:12| 2.0 9:40 5.2
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both p'aces.
Francisco; stmr North Fork, for San Fran
cisco: etmr Eureka, for 6an Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
KAKULUI— Sailed May 4— Ship A G Ropes,
for Delaware BreakwaUr, and not as before
reported.
ILOILO— Arrived May 4— Br stmr Indre
vtlll. from Oregon, via Hongkong.
EASTERN PORT.
BOSTON — Cleared May 4— Ship Manuel
Llaguna, for New York.
FOREIGN" PORTS.
SWANSEA— Sailed May 5— Fr bark Cham
plgny, for San Francisco.
CHAMPKRICO— Sailed . May 3— Ger stmr
Serapls. tor San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived May 4— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver. •'
Sail'd April 7 — Ger stmr Nicomedia, for
Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 30— Br stmr
Indrapura, from Oregon.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
¦ * Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of
thrt Superintendent.
The George S. Richards Jr.* court
martial case, is evidently destined to be
a long drawn out affair. Evidence Is
to be introduced and brought from all
parts of the country. For this reason it
¦will be some time before the court con
venes again. • ¦'¦¦-¦¦»
Major Parker W. West, aid to Gen
eral MacArthur, paid a visit yesterday
morning to the new rifle range Just
completed at Rodeo Valley, and reports
that he is much pleased with the range
and the work that has been done there.
The first battalion of the Tenth In
fantry, under command of Captain
James T. Dean, Is now at practice
there. They expect to finish Saturday,
when they will return to the Presidio.
The third battalion of the Tenth, under
command of Major Robert C. Van
Vliet, will go' to .Rodeo next Monday.
Major West says the range, for Its
class, is one of the best in the country.
Its limit at the present time is 600
yards. It is located in a beautiful val
ley Just over the hills back of Fort
Baker, and between that point and the
ocean beach. It is about four miles
from the wharf' at Fort Baker and six
miles from Sausalito.
Major West says it is to be regretted
that the farming land adjoining could
not have been secured at a reasonable
price, so that a range of full limits
could have been constructed. The price
demanded for this land the Government
considered prohibitive. Everything
about the camp is now complete. A fine
supply of mountain spring water has
been secured and run Into the -grounds
occupied by the different companies.
When the last battalion of the Tenth
Is through, the Twenty-eighth Infantry
will go over, and these in turn will be
followed by the third squadron of the
Ninth Cavalry. This will extend the
practice to September. Lieutenant TV*.
H. Patterson is acting as quartermaster
of the range. The telephone system is
now in working order.
The Tenth Infantry is putting up a
fine series of drills every morning. The
drill. yesterday was witnessed by. a big
crowd. The work of the regiment dur
ing the Butts manual of arms exer
cise was good.
The Twenty-eighth Infantry, under
command of Captain William L. Pitch
er, drills every afternoon at 3 o'clock,
with dress parade and band at 5 o'clock.
Lieutenant Colonel Edwin A. Godwin,
Ninth Cavalry, has arrived from St.
Louis, where he has been stationed on
the exposition grounds. He will at once
take command of the squadron of the
Ninth now at the post. Some brilliant
problem exercises on the lines recently
introduced by Major Bigelow will prob
ably be immediately put under way.
Colonel A. C. Girard has gone to
Monterey to inspect the hospital.
Tenth Infantry Gives Series
of Drills at the Presidio
of High -Class Character
TOLEDO, Ohio, May 5.— For twenty
four years Mrs. Mamie Cousins of this
city has been searching for her father.
Twenty-four years ago her father,
William Nichols, and her mother sep
arated. » There were three children.
Two were sent to a children's home in
Cincinnati and <ne was adopted by a
Delaware County family. In recent
years the father had succeeded in lo
cating the other two.
' Mrs. Cousins read that "Bill" Nich
ols was in the annex at the Ohio peni
tentiary, under sentence of death for
having killed a man at Kenton, Ohio.
She wrote to the penitentiary authori
ties and they showed her letter to
Nichols." When he read it he broke
down and wept like a child, saying
Mrs. Cousins was without doubt his
daughter. ¦,
Special* DlF;>atch to The Call.
PKISONEK- BREAKS DOWN
Sad Ending of Daughter's
Twenty-Four Years' Quest
of Her Missing Parent
When they had earned enough money
to enable them to return to Chicago no
time was wasted by White and Purcell
in getting there, for they had enough
experience as roadsters to convince
them that there was no \ place like
home. But as .the, weeks sped and
nothing was heard of or from Shea by
his parents and friends the heroism
that attached to White and Purcell on
account of their exploit began to wear
off, and finally they were twitted with
cowardice In deserting their compan r
ion, and some nersons even, went so
far as to accuse them of having
"made away With" him. Then they
started westward to ascertain what
had become of him and to relieve
themselveB of unjust suspicion. Again
they rode in cold b.: cars and astride
brakebeams. . After passing Elko they
began to make inquiries, and bit by
bit they, traced Shea to. San Francisco.
Soon after their arrival here last
Wednesday the two boys met the ob
ject of their' quest on Kearny street.
They informed; him' of the situation in
which his absence from home, had
placed them, and he agreed to accom
pany: them back there and rehabilitate
them in the esteem of their neighbors.
Eut he was penniless. So • were they.
To' obtain the price of fares across the
bay they all-began begging, and almost
the first person asked for alms by
Shea was Police Officer Farrell In plain
attire. The lad was arrested and yes
terday morning Judge Mogan pro
nounced him guilty of .mendicancy and
ordered him to appear this morning for
sentenced ' -> ',
William Finnigan, who resides at
Golden Gate avenue and • Larkin : street,
was , escorting a New York friend of his
through the , Hall of Justice ' yesterday
afternoon, ; and while visiting the prison
their; attention , was directed by , the
Bernard Shea, Oliver Purcell and
Frank White, each in his eighteenth
year of existence, were employed as
messenger boys by the United States
Express Company in Chicago when
they received their week's wages one
Saturday last j March and spent the
greater part of the money in a "penny
arcade." Then, afraid to face their re
spective parents, with a total fund of
$2 15 they started for San Francisco.
It was rough traveling for the trio,
as the brake beams were ice-sheathed
and the temperature of the box cars
chilling, but they .managed to remain
together until Ogden was reached.
Master White got employment and
stayed there, and the other two tour
ists resumed their journey. At Elko,
Nevada, a job was offered to and ac
cepted by Master Purcell. Master Shea
continued his coastward trip alone.
Frank L. Shannon's slide trombone
will not awake, the echoes of the Bar
bary Coast for ten days to come, for
he was sentenced to imprisonment dur
ing that period by Judge Mogan.
"And at the expiration of your term,"
said his Honor, "you would practice
wisdom by conveying your implement
c-f torture to some region far removed
from the dance halls of Pacific street."
There will be no immediate jangling
of wedding bells for sixteen-year-old
Allie Warner and twenty-five-year-old
H. W. Meyers, because Judge Fritz has
sent the lass to a hospital and to-day
will send the lad to priscm. The pro
posed hymenial solution of the prob
lem that confronted his Honor may be
considered "off."
Meyers was arrested for battery, the
complaining witness being the girl's
mother, who had reason to- believe that
their relationship was not entirely
proper. They were emerging from an
Ellis-street lodging 1 j-house when Mrs;
Warner met them and -Meyers struck
her, she alleges, wh/le she was endeav
oring to persuade her daughter to
abandon him; At the first hearing of
the case Officer Young of -the S. P. C.
C. tried to effect a settlement by hav
ing the voung coupde married, and
Judge Fritz seemed to approve that
Idea until he ascertained that the girl's
parents, who are divorced, opposed
such a union 'on the ground that
Meyers was not a fit person to have
control of their daughter.
When the case was called yesterday
the girl was In court and created some
thing of a sensation by swooning. In
quiry developed the fact that she Is
affected with a malady that only a sur
gical operation can relieve, and the
Judge promptly ordered her removal
to a hospital. Then he found Meyers
guilty as charged and ordered him to
appear to-day for sentence.
Maggie Flaws, chronic vagrant, shed
tears when Judge Mogan sentenced her
to six months' imprisonment, and as
she sat upon the prisoners' bench a
professional evangelist who once was
famed as "Rebel George," confidence
operator, took her hand and whispered
words of kindly counsel. His minis
trations were continued until the unfor
tunate creature entered the elevator
that hoisted her back to prison, and
then he expressed belief that before her
term of incarceration expires she will
be eager to lead a better life. But po
licemen who have known Maggie for
years opine that she is too old and too
vice-hardened to undergo permanent
reformation.
.As the legal representative of Henry
Selby, accused of having lottery tickets
in his possession, Mr. Rose'called out in
loud voice to the complaining police
man to postpone the case until a felony
charge then under hearing could be
disposed of, and Bailiff Mahoney re
quested him to keep still. To this the
attorney retorted angrily, and attempt
od to enter the Inclosure and speak to
the policeman, and the bailiff again
called for order and pushed him back.
Angry remonstrance from the attorney
was followed by a sharp reminder from
the bench that it was the duty of the
bailiff to take into custody any one
who created disorder, attorneys not ex
cepted. Rose retaliated with language
that was disrespectful, and the next
moment he was in the custody of
Bailiff HIckey and among the prisoners
on the bench. His expostulations con
tinued until the Judge said he would
be obliged to send him to prison if he
did not desist, and his reply was that
he "would rather be up there among
gentlemen." Up there he accordingly
was sent.
Meantime the defendant represented
by the incarcerated attorney walked
out of the courtroom without hindrance,
and when his case was called there was
no response for the defense. It will 'be,
called again this morning.
Attorney George F. Rose spent sev
eral of yesterday's shining hours under
detention in the City Prison, with
charges of disturbing the peace and
contempt of court filed against him by
Judge Mogan. From about 10:30 o'clock
a. m. until evening's shades, were fall
ing the unhappy lawyer' dwelt fn dur
ance. Then he was released on bail to
appear this mornilg and hear some
more things about what does and what
does not constitute becoming conduct
in a Police Court.
May Gorman's name was stricken
from Judge Mogan's calendar because
Henry Meyer could not positively swear
that she had robbed him of $6 85, as al
leged in his complaint, and she was
congratulating herself on restoration to
freedom when a policeman's hand
clasped" her shoulder and led her back
to prison, where she is booked for va
grancy. But It is not so much with the
object of punishing the woman for va
grancy as to keep a dangerous charac
ter from roaming at large that the re
arrest was made. The police have rec
ognized May Gorman as Mabel Keat
ing, one of the most artistic pickpock
ets on the. thieves' register. She has
served two years in the Washington
State prison for plying her vocation
in Seattle, and prior to that she was a
most successful operator in this city —
as success is measured by ability to
get away with the goods and elude
conviction. She denies her identity, of
course, but the detectives are positive
that May Gorman and Mabel Keating
are one person.
John Gibbons, John Coffey and Henry
Bailey, charged with burglarizing a
tannery, are held In ?1000 apiece to an
swer to the Superior Court.* They were
examined before Judge Fritz.
Justin Carroul heard mysterious
noises in his residence at 108 Sixth
street night before last, and he notified
Patrolman Kruck, who searched the
dwelling and found Eugene \ McCabe
concealed in one of the rooms. The
charge of burglary will be heard to
morrow by Judge Mogan.
T. Maxwell said he was carrying food
to the non-union employes of a Bush
street livery, stable when a policeman
stopped him, dispossessed him of a six
shooter and then arrested him for car
rying concealed weapons. The police
man stated that he had acted on in
formation received from some striking
hostlers, who said their lives had been
threatened by the defendant. Further
hearing will be had by Judge Mogan
on May 11. •
»¦ • ¦ •
Judge Mogan. heard the testimony
and then took the case under advise
ment.
That broke up the game of hearts.
Mr. Fell went outside and blew a po
lice whistle until Mr. Mulkeen followed
him and again smote his face with
clenched fist. Then the assailed one
pocketed his whistle and went and had
a warrant Issued for the arrest of Mr.
Mulkeen. . -
Hearts was the game, and amenity
marked it until Patrick Mulkeen and
E. D. Fell began to exchange com
ment on the recent Slav repulse in
Manchuria. From that moment good
fellowship waned until the barroom of
the grocery at Clay and Fillmore
streets rang with rough-edged repartee.
"England would better keep her hand
out of that scrap," said Mr. Mulkeen,
leading trumps.
"Oh, I dunno," quoth Mr. Fell, rak
ing in the trick. "England's able to
take care of any trouble she gets into."
"And Germany, too, would be wise to
hold aloof," rejoined Mr. Mulkeen. "If
she butts in you'll see Russia and
France join hands and lick both Ger
many and England."
"England treated you pretty well by
allowing you to come to this country,"
retorted Mr. Feil. "You wouldn't be
here if it hadn't been for the Queen.'.*
Biff! Air. Feil's eyes received the
blow, and Mr. Mulkeen's knuckles ad
ministered it.
James Kelly, originally booked for
robbery, then accused of grand larceny
and finally charged with petty larceny,
was convicted of the latter offense and
sentenced to six months' imprisonment
by Judge Fritz. Neither of the more seri
ous charges could be made to adhere
by a relentless prosecution.
The result of it all was that the New
Yorker., offered to pay the fares of the
trio to Chicago if Judge Mogan could
be persuaded to liberate Master Shea,
and after the conditions were explained
to his Honor he promptly signed • the
desired order of release. Then the
three lads went up to the bench and
thanked the Judge, shook hands with
their benefactor from Manhattan, ex
pressed sincere gratitude to Mr. Fin
nigan and sallied forth with beaming
faces.
- "Before we left home," said Master
Purcell, "all the boys we know boy
cotted us, and not one of the girls
would have anything to do with us."
"'Cause you see, sir," said Master
Purcell to the Gothamite, "we've got to
get Shea back home to fix us all right
with the folks."
"That's the idea," said Master White.
"We came all the way out here to set
him. and we ain't going back without
him."
desk sergeant to three boys seated
upon one of the benches and engaged
in earnest conversation. The New-
Yorker, who is interested in prisons
and prison . reform, Interviewed' the
lads, receiving the story hereinbefore'
set forth. White and Purcell were vis
iting Shea and assuring him that they
would remain near him until his sen
tence expired and they had acquired
sufficient capital to pay three fares to
Oakland, where trains start for Chi
cago. •¦ ,
To New Caledonia — 19 cs canned goods. 7
pkgs groceries and provisions. To South Af
rica- — *> cs- agricultural Implements.
In addition to the foregoing the steamer car
ried J2000 in United States gold coin for Pago
Pago. Samoan Islands, and 2000 Mexican dol-"
lar B for Suva. FIJI Island*. . - :
To Samoan Islands — 22 bbls flour, 70 gals
wine. 71 pkgs groceries and provisions, 109 cs
as-rortfed canned goods. 24S cs 2 bbls salmon. 580
lbs dried fruit. <X*8 lbs rice. 18 pkss potatoes,
IOCS pkjrs naval stores, 18 pkgrs millwork, 4 cs.
arms and ammunition. 3 cs dry goods, 5 cs
boots and shoes, 62 bales bags. 4 pkgs bicycles
and sundries. f> pkgs wagon materials.
To New Zealand— 9H70 lbs dried fruit. 6020
lbs raisins. 515 eg canned fruit. 10R cs canned
ealmon, 8<<0 lbs codfish 12 cs bread. 4 cs>
cheese, 4037 ft lumber. 132 pkgs building ma
terial, C2 cs boots and ehoes. 13 j'kes dry goods.
Ul pkgs machinery. <5« pkgs agricultural Im
plements. 19 pkgs electrical supplies 11.433 lbs
sheet lead. C5«) lbs lead pipe. 178 pkgs metal
polish. 0 bales overalls, 109 rolls paper, 10 bbls
oil. 40 pkgs eewlng machines, 6 bales rubber
goods. 70 pkgs drugs, 2 cs leather.
To Australia— 22.71S lb* coftee, 1000 lbs cod
fish. 11S2 lbs shrimps. 822 cs assorted canned
goods. 20<i c» canned salmon. 59.17S ft lumber.
»3>s dr*>r6. 542 pkgs building material, 48 pkgs
electrical supplies. 728 pkgs drugs and sun
dries, 7 pkgs rubber goods, 47 cs boots and
shoes. 112 rolls newspaper IS bales overalls,
1000 b<5!s shinglts. 22 rolls 14 cs leather. 20
pkgs agricultural implements, 32 pkgs machin
ery. C cs amis and ammunition, 302 pkgs
metal polish.
To Fiji Islands — 55 c» canned salmon, 46 c»
bottledljbeer. 6 pkg6 machinery.
To Fanning Island— 4000 ft 80 pes lumber,
40 cs coal t>il, 4 bbls blueetone. 2050 lbs sugar
1312 lbs meals. 12 pkgs groceries and pro^
visions. &40.!bs rice, 2 cs liquors. 7 cs wJne, IS
cs canned goods.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Sierra
sailed jfftfrday for Sydney via Honolulu, Pago
Papo and Auckland wlih a general cargo valued
at $210,014, exclusive of treasure, to be dis
tributed ac , follows: For Honolulu. >91.CS7;
Samoan Islands. J7»l»; New Zealand. $39,835;
Australia. $CN,4O9; FIJI Islands. ft>06; Fanning
[sUnd. $&3y; New Caledonia, $111; South Arrl
ca. $24S. The leading exports were as follows:
To Honolulu— 1S19 pkgg fresh fruits. 309 pkga
potatoes. 11 pkgs onione, 119 jjkgs fresh vege
table.-. 1700 lbs fresh fish. 1181 lbs fresh meat.
l.;<a> lbs dressed poultry. 18 c» fresh oyster*.
32.300 lbs rice. 10.830 lbs butter 0100 lbubut
terine. :J1U1 lbs cheese, 10 cs eggs, 3703 lbs
boans, r^O lbs dried 6fh. 4500 lbe codflch. 77
pkRs table preparations, 1400 lbs tea, 289 cs
asuortfd canned goods. 155 pkgs beer 25 cs
brandy, 5J os liquors. 2 cs gin. 2 cs whisky.
10o cs canned talmon. 15 bbls S half bbls
pickled salmon. 4240 lbs meals. 2107 lbs nut»,
13 cs spices, lino lbs. dried fruit, 380 lbs rais
ins. 220 pkgs groceries and provisions 85 pkgs
pirkled fish. 2«i0 lbs lard, 12 ctls corn, 1500 lbs
coffee. 3.11 Ib* ham and bacon," 14.JK5 lbs soda,
«5*2 pkgs naval stores. 26,330 lbs 37 cs tobacco
4 rolls leather, 7S pkgs dry goods. 1S5 pkgi
paints and oils. 43 cs boots and shoes. 20 pkgs
eh-ctrical supplies. 200 pkgs candles. 5 pkgs
fuse. :>2 pkgs wire. C cs hats. 3 coils rope . IS
pkgs drugs and sundries. 13 bales twine 7 pkgs
machinery, 2S pkgs iron. 1C05 lbe tin, 13 kegs
nails.
The Sierra's Cai^ro.
T'ne bark W. B. Flint sailed yesterday for
Makaweli via Honolulu with an assorted m^r
chandihe cargo valued at I18.S30 and including;
the following: '.
175 bbls flour. ICO cs canned goods. 1S12 iW
sugar. 803 lbs ham and bacon. 90 crts potatoes,
3050 lbs beans. IOCS lbs lard,- J173 lbs bread.
8 pkgs groceries and provisions, 10 crts onions,
U34O lbs meals 104 bales hay. 1O1 ctls corn.
246 ctlR oats. ' 13.87a lbs middlings, 90 ctls
wheat, 2970 ctls barley. "2.950 lbs bran, 15CO
lbH rait 14S7 rals wine. $3 on whisky. 7549 ft
lumber. B90 pal.* distillate, 7 pkgs dry goods. 11
coils roi*\ Sl> rkgu p&ints and oils. 127 bxa
soai>, i:t !-3>f paper, W sks coal. 19 bbls flre
clay. IX pkga nails. 7 rkKS machinery, 100<cs
coal oil. 4.VX» railroad ties. 13 bdls iron. 40
bales oakum. 2 rolls leather.
Merchandise for Hawaii.
terday for Callao Peru, with 647.140 ft lumber.
M.«S4 railroad tie*. \±OQ cs blasting powder
and 12 cs blasting caf?,- valued at. $51,S-5.
FOOT SOLDIERS EXCEL
Major West Makes Favor
able Report on New Fields
Built for Rifle Practice
Woman Finds Her Father
Under Sentence of Death
for Having Taken a Life
Attorney G. E. Rose Engages in an Alter
cation With Bailiff Mahoney and Then
Talks Disrespectfully to Judge Mogan
POLICE COURT PLEADER IS SENT
TO PRISON FOR RUDE BEHAVIOR
•" -'. The American Travesty Company
'^avt an unrehearsed matinee perform
• "*a.oce yesterday afternoon on the Pacific
, * street wharf before a large audience.
•The members ot the company sailed on
Ah]' m liner Sierra, and their departure
Jvas tine of the liveliest srood-bysthat
,,'ihfc ..water frunt has witnessed. The
, vowpany* included Miss Maud Amber,
'ZSv. and Mrs. Barney Bernard. Winfield
". J?*.al:e, Mr. iiiid Mr£. Harry James, Mr.
." yjiU-Mrs. C. %V. Ku2b, Mr. and Mrs. M.
*.\1. Dill and- Miss Anita Meyers.
* j lt.Rfh member of the company had a
' Vrure of friends on the wharf, and as
• iieaj-fyevery oilier of the Sierra's many
IwisScnserg was equally attended the
cajjacJiy of the wharf was taxed to
;.rhe limit. Those going away had good
•*.'i>' nocRSaies to friends who were not
•,pit«?ont; these present had messages of
gotxl luck for the voyager? and re
.nernbrances CO somebody In Honolulu
..«jr i'n the Antipodes, and everybody
! . shouted his moFSagre at the same time
. .and keiit repeating it in chorus until
•*UXf lin<*r> lines were cast off.
• Miss Meyers — "Tootsie,** as she is
jKnown in the theatrical family which
h&s adopted her— was the heroine of a
little comedy that, judging by "Toot
t-i^'e" tears, seemed tragedy of deepest j
\ hue to her.
*. . ""footsie"' loves the stage and Its peo
. pie. * - 'Tootsie's" papa, however, cares
1 little for-either and loves his little girl
inore .than all the American travesty
, companies" that ever went to sea. '
."'TootFic" is just IT, and her aptness
t*>hind the footlights has added more
..'than a lew dollars to the family ex-
" m * hwquer. Just l>efore the liner pulled
:"<;ui Meyers ;iere rushed on the wharf
ti'nd asked Police Sergeant Mahoney to
assist him in recovering his daughter
who was going away without his eon
- eetit and against his wish. Tearful !
• - nd objecting, "Tootsie" was led ashore. j
• -The pleading of her theatrical friends !
*ci<ide no impression on Mr. Meyers, but
,*. ''iirn "'Tootsie" got "dad" to herself
irnder the lee of a pile of freight she did
that produced results
;n jtsst three minutes. Tearful but tri
- umphant, she remounted the gangway
aw} resumed her place with her friends
wf the song and dance. Mr. Meyers
• jwallf^J sadly away.
t /'The Sierra carried a full cargo and
" her VaJ'ips were crowded almost to
.•their full capacity. She left the wharf
r'fJL 2:10 i>. m. Her passengers Included
•Vjif following named:
.For. Honolulu— Mis* Maude Amber. Mrs. K.
Xngetl, Mffs Violet Arthur. B. Bernard. Mrs.
Bernard. "Vinfleia S. Blake. \V. II. Bromley,
Miss.K. Brown, W. W. Bruner, J. F. Bud!e
5r.»r.. C. P. Ca.:n, Mr?. C*ln. O. J. Cllffon. J.
s I-. Clyne, J. A. Cunningham. Mif?* Cuaning
.'iipn. Mif-s A. Cunningham. J. Curtis, C A.
• 'iiavis. H. H. Jaire*, Harry James. Mrs.
..JaAca ahd child. Mis* C. Karkeek. D. Kelly,
M\f& Helen Kern*. CJ W. Kold, Mm. Kolb.
.-**is* M " » Var. Lieutenant Commander J.
•< .' 1>-Gnsr<i N. M. Letts. I>ale McAlpin, Miss
; - X^ McOree. Miss A. Mfjeri. M. M. Dill. Mrs.
•.l':H. SI. Ehrman. Mrs. Ehrir.an. Miss M.
;t:.:te*. H. Evans. Mrs. C. Goetze, Richard
• (;-r., J f.ai\ Mrs. Goodal! W. Goodhue. J. Hajsue,
• , I'.'Ha.rdi". Mrs Hardie. Ben Harsan, Miss Julia.
'- ,He>n. H. Hoilman Mrs. Hollman. F. S. Holt,
\\'i «'. Howe H A Jaeger Mrs. F. G. Mills,
• " Mr O Nfej;?. Mr?. N. Olsen and child. Miss K.
'• iJvtert*: A. M. Rosenbaum. Misa L. Slioe
• *r.*kVf" S. V. Slir.mcns. Mrs. Simmon*. F. |
*?£?.«, «k.° Sirs. Sr.ock. C. Sneitzer. Miss I* i
• '.•*•.' h"' end- A. F. Weber, David Crowley, \T. I
» V: .'Garten. *: Giereberr.- W. F. 'Jay. Otto
. : Oliver. Mrs. M.oyer. M. OKeiley, Mrs. O*Kel
• «ie? and son. A. G. Uabenan. Mrs. Annie Roacii
• J T*rW two efcllflren. Mrs. C. Taylor, J. E. T*y
'•?«. Mrs. Taylor. MI*» C. Taylor, Miss M.
• Taylor. J. E. Taylor Jr.
• ¦'•A«( klar.d— Marmaduke Bethell. Rupert V.
• VofRinK. H. O. Jones. E. E. Lanjrford, W. F.
«J I^-vin. Mrs. Levin Chart** Ratjen, J. L.
2'V»r.t W. S. flrockiway. H. <rhil!ir.Kworth.
ilr*. <?ht:iinrirorth. Mrs. S. V. Clevenger.
Master Cleveneer I. E. Hamilton, Mrs. A. F.
.^r^tt. 11. L. Vail. W. T. Weir, F. A. WllkJn
.sot), J. D. Yatea.
: . Sydney— H. C. Caliahan. W. Leslie Comyn,
}&rr \V C Crawford and child, J. A. Digvies,
" >£* Dirgle* and child, Mrs. James W. Fcx.
ai* •Otr«»ve .Mrs Greve, O. H. Grunfelder, H.
"•Kart, A. 'Koebele. Mrs. E. H. Uttle, J. Max
¦vc\l, L. E. Moae, Mrs. T. M. Potter. Mrs. u.
Sutherland. Miss Sutherland. Miss G. Suther
" \snd, Mi«* To<ld. J. M. Walker, Dr. E. li.
. Y'av. Migg A. Y. Way, Adolph Barran, Mi>.
' '•' Plft'ilfPTfl W*. J. Brown, E. J. Carr, Mrs.
.t-'arr and child, Mies Minnie Collins. A. Ciipps,
Patrick Dm-yer. J. Gaadlol, William Gerber.
" p.-.HHger. W. A. Johnston. Mrs. J. Kavanagn.
•A Mirhtl.- M. Niermeyer. Mrs. A. Roundy.
.Mi'ss Roundy. Master Roundy. S. Royer. George
' W'vtaway. Miss P. J. Wilson.
.Jrin fit Hcnolulu for Sydney — Pans Coombs,
%r« Coon-.b*. R. C. L. Perkine, E. Gardiner,
, 11. Gardiner.
..Oceanic Steamship Company s Liner Has
T : Among Her Passengers a Number of The
• : ; > "atricai People Well Known in This Gity
SEARCH LEADS
TO A PRISON
RODEO RANGE
IS COMPLETED
WITH ALL HER CABINS OCCUPIED
THE SIERRA SAILS FOR ANTIPODES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; FRIDAY. MAY G. 1004.
TO SAIL.
11
BRING YOUR WANT AD
. THURSDAY, FRIDAY OR
-SATURDAY.
Classified ./Advertisers in Xext
SUNDAY CALL, RECEIVE
FREE— FREE— FREE
THE SIX-IN-ONE ICE PICK.
Cracks Ice on Scientittc
Principles.
IT SETTLES AN -ANNOYING
HOUSEHOLD ; PROBLEM.
See ; Ad on Classified Page.
STATEMENT
/i7~ OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
. '"¦ '¦'¦'— — — OF THE
PROVIDENT LIFE AND
TRUST COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF*
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1903, and for the year ending on that
day; made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the re-
quirements of Section 613 of the Political Cod »
of said State.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
in Cash |i.000,000 DO
ASSETS.
Net value of Real Estate Owned
by the Company |3,308,97« 23
Amount of Loans secured by
Bond and Mortgage qn Real
Estate 14.1S4.0O3 »4>
Amount of I^oans secured by
pledge of Bonds, Stocks and
other marketable securities as
collateral 3,192,390 oT
Prt-mium notes and loans In any
form taken in payment of prem-
iums on policies now In force.. 8,032 Si
Cash market value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned, by .the Com-
pany . : 22.672.S20 0<>
Amount of Cash on hand In Com-
pany's Ofilce ltJO.437 OJ
Interest due the Company and un-
paid 19.327 00
Interest accrued but not due 277.WKJ >*>
j Net amount of premiums in pro-
cess of collection and of de-
I ferred premiums ¦ 8S2,63j !;>
{ Cash loans to Policy holders on
! this Company's policies assigned
j as collateral 4,416.<m 3*»
| Rents due and accrued 27,553 77
Total Assets $31,151,561 U*
! LIABILITIES.
Claims for deat*< losses and ma-
tured endowments, due and un-
paid $11,520 S7
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments In process of
adjustment, or adjusted but not
due 21.5S6 00
Net present value of all th<! out-
standing policies, compui-d ac-
cording to the Combined Ex-
perience Tables of Mortality.
-with four per cent Interest 43,440,756 0W"
Amount of all unpaid dividends
to policy holders 73,077 M
Present value of unpaid amounts
t on matured Installment policies. 303.SS3 0O
I All other Liabilities K.Jo. 1 l»i •>-!
Total Liabilities S44.515.94ir:
INCOME. ~~~ "~
Cash received for premiums on
; new policies during the year. . . $735,309 1»
Cash received for renewal of
premiums during the year 3.6O7,0t3 40
{ Cash received for sale of ar.nu-
! Hies nwi ,M>
; Cash received for interest 2,081.973 71
Cash received for rents 121,222 HS
Cash received from all other
sources 162,027 S*
Total Income $s.757.10« 3*i
EXPENDITURES. " " ~
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments $3.16S»,»«7 +1
Cash paid to annuitant!" 74,434 05
j Cash paid for surrendered policies 522.705 S5'
Cash paid for dividends to policy
holders 818.024 4::
Commissions paid to agents 581.529 2i>
Salaries and other compensation
of officers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners. 279,337 ik>
Salaries and traveling expenses
I of managers of agencies 20,290 32
¦ Medical examiners' fees and sal-
! aries 30.014 75
Cash paid for taxes 107.83* 41
Cash paid for rents 21,377 32
Cash paid for commuting commis-
sions 334,537 65
Total Expenditures during the
year $3,880,637 41
PREMIUM NOTE ACCOUNT.
Premium- notes and other
' premium obliratlocs at
! beginning ef the year $S,2S4 68
Premium notes and other
- premium obligations re-
ceived during the year... SOS 90
Totfcl tft.CSS Stf
Deductions during the year,
as follows:
1 Amount of notes and other
j premium obligations used
1 in payment of dividends
to policy holders $1,037 08
| Amount of notes and other
; premium obligations re-
deemed by maker In cash. 19 24
Total reduction of
Premium Note Ac-
count $1,058 t2
Balance note assets at
end of the year $8,032 24
SAMUEL R. SHIPLET, PresldenrT"
C. W. BORTON, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
ISth day of January. 1904.
. SAMUEL R. REED, Notary Public.
VAIL & ELDRID6E. General /gents,
801 and 824 Kay ward Building, S.F.
402 Trust Building. I os Angeles.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
J *<fr m >^ Steamers leave Broadway
/fvJs-SoSy wharves, piers 9 and 11.
AfY^ San Francisco.
/la/ WLJi iiq. \U\ For Ketchikan. W range:.
I I vt>SH I 1 Juneau, Halnes. Skagway.
I \ \ %h*& I I e tc. Alaska— 11 a. m.. May
\*\ \\VefJ 5 > 10 - 15. 20. 25. 3ft June ».
VoSyV Change to Company's steam -
« r « «t Seattle.
ar^^ For Victoria. Vancouver. "
i Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. B*i-
' llngham — 11 a. m.. May 5. 10. 15. 20. 23. "J>.
! June 4. Charge at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver . t»
C P. Ry
I For Eureka (Humboldt Cay) — Pomona. l:3i>
! p. m.. May 4. 10, 18. 22. 28; Spokane. 1 :3<>
p. m.. May 1. 7. 13. 1»: Corona. May 23. 31.
! For Los Angeles <via Port Los Angeles and
j Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
; Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
I State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Crua. Mol-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford <3*n
! Luis Obispo). Ventura and Huenerae.
Bonita. 0 a. m.. May 7. 13. 23. 3i. Jun# S.
Santa Crux. 9 a. m. (freight only*. May 3. It.
For Ensenada, Maxdalena Bar. San Jo»« il*]
Cebo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. nv. 7th of eve*!
month. For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sailing
Omosa — 4 New Montgom-
ery st (Palace HoteO.lO Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight O&m 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Ageeu
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
The Paclflc Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st.. wii!
call for and check baggage from hotels ani
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
NOME
*V> \ - AND—
ST. MICHAEL
DIRECT.
S. Si PORTLAND
• CAPTAIN J. M. HAYS.
(Carrying U. S. Malls.)
FROM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT.
m/\Y 21 (about)
Taklnr freight for
TOPKUK and SOLOMON
DIRECT
AND ALL YUKON RIVER POINTS.
For Freight and Passage Apply to
2V02TH2HUr COMMERCIAL OO.
"823 Crossley bulldlnr. cor. Mission and Ntw
Montgomery sts., San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
OREGON sails April 27. May 7. 17, 27. Jun»
6, 16 and 28. GKO. W. ELDER sails May 2.
li, 22, Jan* 1. 11 and 2L Only steamship lla»
to PORTLAND. OR., and snort rail Una from
Portland to all points East. Through ticket*
to ail - rolnts. Steamer tickets Includ* bsrth
and meals- Steamer sails foot of Spear it. *c
II a. m.\ b. F. BOOTH. Pen. Agt. Pass.
Dept. 1 Montgomery st. : C CLIFFORD, Gen.
Agent Freight Dept. 3 Montgomery st.
Mars Islajid and Vallejo Staamsrs.
I Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—.
0:45 a. rn.. 3:13 and s:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave* Vallejo
7 a. rn., 12:30 and 6 P. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Far« 50 ctn:v.
Tel. Main 130S. Pier 2. Mlssioa-ttt. 4ocK.
HATCH BROS.
BHQBBBBBSaHBBBBaagBBBH
S PARLOR CHAIR S
g Our ¦
3 JiLJ Special g
§ j— JH1 This [ 1
¦ m ft IRsL ra c
¦ Iff' ' »ffr^ X\7f>(*h- ¦
¦ / i" n — cck. a
J $3.65 1
B Uanoffaay Parlor Chair, nphol- j£
? stored seat and Daok. Beffnlar =
¦ value 97.00. w
H We have Jut opened a complete =
¦ lisa of Parlor Goods, and offer this ¦
¦ special Inducement to the public to B
p call and inspect our line. ¦
1 A. B. Smith Co. I
Q 128-132 EHIs St, S F. |
BBBBaBBBBBBBBBBBBBHBBH
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEN Tfm
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave. wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
snd HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong; with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing:.
S. S. AMERICA MARO
Thursday. May 12. I9<H
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com.
pany'a office. 421 Market street, corner First.
1 . W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
occanic$^.co.sa3js
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, May 14, 11 a.m
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Syndey, Thurs., May 26 2 p. m.
S. S. M ARIPOSA, for Tahltit. May 29, H a. m.
I.D.SPEECKELS k BROi CQ.,AltS.,TiCt8t 01C3 643 tV-
tet St. Freight Office 329 Marat si. Plsr 7, Parti; ii
tOMPAQNIE GENERALS TBAJUATLANTIIJ&jL
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
tailing every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. -»* i aBnE.« f
¦ North River, foot of Morton st.
i First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building;.
New Tcrk. J. F. FUG AZI & CO.. Paclflc Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Acents.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 6, 1904.
12
CLAIRVOYANTS Continned.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.palmlst. clairvoyant, card
reader ;when others fail try me;good readings
10c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives nami:s, dates
axd facts; readings daily. 017 Matket st.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. MARSAN, card reader: ladies 25c; gents
50c. 120 Sixth st.. room 15.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader sit-
tings daily. 448% Jessie st.. bet. 5th atid 6th.
CARPET 1IKATING AND CI.EAXISO.
COMPRESSED air and vacuum~system now
universally used in cleaning carpets on
floor; without removal; price moderate. S.
F. Compreesed Air Cleaning Co., 30S Mar-
ket st. Tel. Main 152, Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth et.. clean-
ing & laying done reasonably. Tel: Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S00 Har-
rlson st.: Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. ! Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet- beating ; mat-
tressea made over. 1432 Howard ;tel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 301. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 263.
~ CAPE XOME.
TICKET office for all points in Alaska. C. F.
MOORE. 927 Market St.. room 309. First
steamer May 21; $75 first class.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery.' rooms 0-10: tel. Main 8580.
COTTAGES TO 1,KT.
$11 — NEW cottage; 5 r. ; 17 Roscoe st. Mission
cars to Crescent ave.. first street to right.
CREDIT CLOTHIEH3,
C f" ADAMS Ca ~ "-~*"
SPECIAL 'CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hat5*to
Ehoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit, for all. 31S Mason st.
CLOTHING StSKOVATIira.
SUITS cleaned and pressed.- $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon ; Marche, 40 Ellis St., . room 14;
phone Druinm 44. Call for and deliver free.
CUBES KTjPTTJEE.
WHO?— Hunter, 1200 Market st.; $100; rupture
cure for $10; circular explains; send for on».
• DENTIST?.
A NEW plate — Th« Whalebone — cannot break;
i-arranted 20 yrs. ; crown. $2 SO; fillings, '50c:
plates. $5: full set: all work painless and
warranted. "Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixtb.
DK. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charite for extracting when plates are
made,; old plates-made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting ">0c: gas given.
Pans Dental Purlers. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up: crowns. $2 up:nlllnga.23c.
AHTHUU CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlat.r.l4.1st
floor. I'helan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings, ,75c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2: no
pain: open Sundays. Dr. O.B.Hewitt. 204 Suttr.
1»H •.** <" » K Kits ".* M> SEAUSTKKSSKi
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting; double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor; , tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure: eve.' class. 1019 Mkt.
'AT home In our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study In the entire West. ¦ New, complete,
extensive departments'. _ Thorough, Inspiring
instruction. -T5-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE, 8CI-
025 Golden Gate ave. ...
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping,' shorthand, touch - typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
. and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
SPANISH— A practical and progressive method.
RAFAEL SERRANO, 630 ' California, • r 4.
EDUCATIONAL— Cow tinned.
PAOLO LA VILLA of Florence. Italy, Just ar-
rived; s-lnging lesson*, pure Italian method;
opera, oratorio, ballad, glee; accompanist for
concerts and drawing-room; special terms for
professionals. The Roosevelt, 546 Sutter st.
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; established IS years; the school that
secures positions for graduates: Just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position: Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 123C Market st.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&Electriclty. 24 Post
St., S. F. ;.a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, ev.; est_ 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1382 Market; .catalog.
WESTERN Business College ;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth.,
spelling, writing, etc. ; day, eve. ; $4 mo. eve.
DANCING — Professor Ftndlay has reopened his
.Juvenile classes at FIndlay's Hall. 17th St.;
Saturday 2 to 5; private lessons dally.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 828 Halght st.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st. — Night class.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEOR^E^^Kir«r^rirr7eir~i^^35^
Japanese- Chinese employment- office; fur-
nishes b*st-belp: contracts for farm help; etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell at. Tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Loon Seung's. 411^ O'FarreIl;>tel. East 426.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese and Chinese
h?lp. 415 Stockton st Tel. Grant lfcS.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOY3IEXT WANTED — FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a position
ln a private American family; good cook and
laundress; likes children; moderate wages;
will give referencea. 264 & Tehama st.
WANTED — By middle-aged woman, work as
second cook, plain cook or chambermaid;
wages reasonable; understands all kind of
hotel work. Box 3252. Call.
TWO Scandinavian girls desire situations at
general housework. . Address 243 Steuart st.
SITUATION wanted by a woman to do general
housework and plain cooking In small fata-
lly; wages moderate. Apply 214 Fifth st.,
near Howard.
SPANISH lady with two children and mother
wishes position In country as housekeeper ln
widower's family;; home more object than
wages. IZzx 1839. Call.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged woman aa
traveling companion or nurse to one golr.g
East via St. Louis; referencea exchanged.
Address box 1 833. Call office.
A GIRL wishes position to take children out
during the day or would assist a few hours
at any light work. Box 19SH. Call.
A SWEDISH girl wishes a position to do up-
stairs work; wages $25 or $30 a month. Call :
at 132G Minna st., near Fourteenth.
1 ¦ — -
A COMPETENT young girl wishes a position
to do second work. Call at 7>^ Isls st. off
Twelfth, between Folsom and Harrison.*
COMPETENT German woman wanta washing
and ironing by the day. Tuesdays. 1203 Val-
lejo at. ; no postals.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants place for general
housework ln small family; Mission ore-
f erred. Address 2650 Folsom St.. near 22d.
EXPERIENCED housekeeper; best references
hotel; no objection, j to leaving the city. Box
A YOUNG lady would like a position ln an
office. Box 1987T Call office. poa '" on ln • n
FEW more families' wa.»h to take home- card
or inquire; prompt attention. 2810 Baker it.
I WANT work by the day: washing or house-
cleaning. Address 521^ Howard gt.
WOMAN^desires housework or waahlng by thi
day. 1222 Leavenworth at.
' W , A1 ?, T 5 d £ and • ub »crtPtlona taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister ¦£
EM no Y ME^^AKTCP-~MA»'««»^>
GAlRDENERTml.rr'leU: wife can do bo""** 0 *-
able to take full charge of .P !ac *j"°T">
grfenhouse. etc.; want situation. Box 1S.1.
Call effice. .
GOOD. reliable man wants &£**S£s ff^?
wages; Eastern man. E. T. LINsON (col-
ored). 1CI3 Clay st. .
NbN-UNION~carpenter wants work; comps-
tent to take charge. Box 1153. Call office,
Oakland. .
YOUNG f man". ~Ce7man. wants work as port«r
in saloon or hotel. Box 2Ct;n. tall.
AN honest young m.fnTwho »upport 3 ££«""•
wisl.es a position; no less than $riO per
month: can read, write and count. Box 13S3.
Call office. .
BRIGHT young man would like a position as
stenographer, assistant bookkeeper or o\Tlc»
work: wages $5O to start Box li»33.
fail office. ',
GOOD all-round man .wants position in pri-
vate place: understands tare of horses, gar-
den; geed tlri-ver; can mitt; good references.
Box 3KS4. Call office. ;
MAN speaking 6 languages desires position aj
Interpreter or courier to Europe: »rav«l«d
principal cities .In Europe. M.. box 1»».
Call office ,
SITUATION wanted as chauffeur to P*rt7
leaving for St. Louis; competent mecnanio
and experienced driver; steam or gasoline.
Box I»o3. Call office.
YCUNG man, experienced machinist, with
technical education, desires situation wltli
wholesale machine firm. Box 1001. Call.
TOUN3 man, German. 2S, wanta work ot any
kind; car* of horses, garden or housework.
Box 1007. Call office.
A YOUNG man recently from th« East would
llks a situation: has had good experience ln
the dry goods business. Box 1&48. CalL^
A YOUNG man who can drive- wagon or do
anything else would like work of any kind;
grammer grade education. Box 1080^ Call.
A FIRST-CLASS barber wants steady, short-
hour work. Address Barber, box 1367. Call.
FIREMAN steady, sober, wants position; beat
references furnished. Box 70. 100S Market st.
JAPANESE boy wants situation cooking or to
do all kind of work; has 10 years' experience;
good private family in city or country. T.
KEN. box 3257. Call.
GOOD Japanese ccok wants situation ¦ !n m
family. Address GEORGE. 917 Webster St..
Oakland
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant aouin and flats are list-
ed ln our free renilng department; over 1000
ln number; a combined list frcm ail agencies;
let us give you a Hat and help you to find a>
place; we never fall; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST.,
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take ad van tag* or
th!« department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-253 Geary
st.. on the square. .
NEW flat to rent; one of the nicest Cars la
the Mission, with 7 sunny rooms and bath;
latest Improvements. No. 3629 Twenty-fifth
St., between San Jose ave. and Guerrero; rent
reasonable.
HAYES, 1747, near Park — Modern sunny Hati,
3 and 5 rooms; rent $12. and $22 50.
$25 — NEW. up-to-date. 5-6 r.. sun, light, fln»
view, j Le Roy place, nr. Sacto and Jones.
$35-$42 50— 7-S r.. fine views and neighborhood",
light and sun. 2500 Van Ness and Union.
FLAT. 1337 Ellis st.. bet. Laguna and Bu-
chanan; 5 rooms, bath; rent $20.
JUNIPER. 334. bet. 10th and 11th. off Fol-
t»cm — Flat of 4 nice rooms; sun all day.
: $16 — SUNNY flat. 3 rooms, bath, basement.
130 Eureka st.. near Eighteenth.
POLK. 2526 — New. sunny flat 4 rooms and
bath: latest improvements: $21 50.
FLAT <t large rocms and bath; SE. cofj Jones
and Broadway; good marine view; sun all day.
$22 60— MODERN sunny middle flat: 3 room*
and bath. 1431 Broderick St.. near Post.
FLAT"* TO I.KT— KlKM^HRll
FLAT of 7 rooms: coal and gas stoves; piano.
713 Grove st. : call 11 to 3.
FLATS FOR SALE — HH.M5UC1),
5-ROOM flat, furnished; will sell for $250;
parties leaving city: rent $20; rooma rented
pay rent and gas. Box 1976. Call.
A BARGAIN if taken at once; 5 rooms, com-
pletely furnished; $130; cheap rent: centrally
located. 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg.
A BARGAIN — 7- rooms; bath; completely fur-
nished; cheap rent; So. Park. Box 3256. Call.
NEW. sunny flat, furniture almost new. Call
10:30 to 3:TO. 242 Noe St.. near Market.
Fl'KMTlHK FOR. SALE.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, stoves and
household goods: flats bought. Mission Aoc.
House. 429-439 Valencia; tel. Church 3.379.
FUH.MTIUE WANTED.
_ _ ABE LEVY. f
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jeasto 781.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get h!a estimate.
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest prloi» for fur-
niture, carpetc. etc. 782 Mission ;teU Bush 467.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc. ; tel. Larkln 3C3L 034 Ellis.
B. T. SCHELL. 2412 Mission, tel. Church 5370.
pays best pricen for furniture, carpets. «to.
HELP WAXTED^gBMAIJ.
COOK. Menlc. Park $30
3 cooks. German families, little wash $30
Cock, hotel, country, short distance, wtll
take man and wtfo $70
3 second girls, city , $23
4 nurse trlrU. city .'...$15, $20, $25
Maid and seamstress, sleep home $30
waitress, cafe, no Sunday work $7
Infant nurse $25
¦ Nurse girl. 3%-year child, sleep- home...$2O
2 chambermaids and waiting, country. $20-$23
3 waitresses, country hotel, fare pald.'.$20-$25
Nurse and second girl $2O
Nurse for Invalid $30
44 general housework girls $20. $25. $50
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
A — COOK. $K>. American family: second gtrl.
Oakland. $30; 2 nurse girls. $20 and $25;
nurse. 2 children. $30; cook and second gtrl.
same house. $35 and $25; house-girl, Saa
Rafael. $30; 2 cooks. $30 and $35. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A WAITRESS for small American family; no
rough wnrk or chamber work to do; $30; lady
can be seen In office this mornmg. MIS3
PLUNKETT. 423 Sutter st., near Powell.
A — WANTED— Girls to learn nalrdresslna;.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
ln 2 wetks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week uo; leading school la
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
sen: both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day an-J evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. YX
A— LADIES to learn all branches hatrdressln*
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1238 Mar-
ket it., cor. Jones, room 91; positions secured
at highest wages: day and eve. class; call.
EXPERIENCED salfsla.lv ir» ladles' under-
wear and hosiery. JOE ROSENBERG. SX*
Market st. .
WANTED — Ladles: permanent employment;
. chance for advancement; salary or commit
sion. Call at 1C5 Lick House, 10 to 11 a. m.
GIRL for general housework; small family;
must understand cooking. 1323 Stockton «t.
WANTED — Gcod cook and housekeeper; :: hi
family; good wages. 2544 Mlsston. nr. 21st.*
APPRENTICE wanted for dressmaking; paid
while learning. , 1S35 Bush st.
WANTED — An experienced hand la dresa-
maklng. Sl^ Polk st.
MACHINE operators wanted. H. ANDERSON.
2C O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Good skirt and waist hands. Room
C2. 6 Eddy st.
WANTED — Experienced corset saleswoman.
Apply at HALE BROS.' between 0 and 11
a. m L
TAILORESS. experienced hand, wanted to wo-k
nn coata. J. T. ENGLISH. Point lUchmond.
Cal. -J] 0
WANTED — Girl to do general housework; 'i in
family. 111*0 Treat ave.
GIRL for general hcusrwork and plain cook-
lng. 1700 O'Farrell st. .¦_ ;
WANTED—Glrl to iron ln laundry; good wife*.
423 Vj Turk at.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions i««<It»4 M
fall branch office, cor. Duncan A Church iu,
SPIRITUALISM.
RETURNED.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. . /,
Clairvoyant, trance business medium and Ufa
reader; also communications from your de-
parted friends. Hotel Netherland, 18 Turk
St.. near Market, room 17. elevator. -
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
& business med'm. read dally $1: dev'p'g class
Thtirs. 8 p.m. 107 Taylor, r. 27;tel. Jessie 3436.
DR. COLLINS, the noted . clairvoyant and
trance-writing medium of Chicago; readings
dally; circle to-night. 1049 Market st.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing se-
ance Friday eve. 323 Ellis st.; 50 cents.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis St.. readings
dally; phone Sutter 3994.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
CLAIItVO YANTS.
ASSURED success for you. • - .
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
No x charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the Information for
which ycu consult him. ,
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever ln San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tel: you If
husband, wife or lover Is true or false; who and
when you will marry; how to gain the love of
the one you desire: "in fact," I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice Is reliable; his
powers are wonderful and Indisputable; he Im-
proves your character so that you will reach
the highest possible development in mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power implanted In your
nature, so you can control any one secretly;
cures disease and lost vitality; gives advice on
mining and burled treasures; gives you succesa
ln life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing for his services. ,
10 a. m. to 8 p. m. — Closed Sunday.
826 O'Farrell St.— 326.
THE FUTURE REVEALED, THE PAST
DISCLOSED.
The Present Analyzed by Livingstone.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living page of Klammar Ion's treatise that Is
so electrifying the . world to-day. He is no
Imitator. His work Is upon original lines.'
pure thought, clear vision.- He tells you what
you desire to know and works ln tho open
light.
He ia aa conspicuous for his wonderful occult
analysis as he Is for his original expression
and vivid truthfulness. •
A test reading is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full life readlnc for $1. A test
is of little value: when the mind is troubled
you- need more substantial aid and advice.
This is Just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE
gives you when you call on: him for a Hrst-
class clairvoyant readlnc.
He asks you no questions, but tells you
what you wish to know.
He does not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are h«ir to. You are acquainted
with the facts ln your case. Let PROF. LIV-
INGSTONE analyz» the matters . that are
troubling you, find the cause of trouble and'
BUggest the remedy.
Remember the number: 42S Eddy st.
Hours. 10 a. m. to S p. m.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypgy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1101 Mark-t
s-t., cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a.,
m. to 5 p. m. : readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered. $1:
full life, $5: send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency ;send postof flee,
Wella-Fargo money order or •. registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant me-
dium and, card reader, born with a double
veil and second sight, tells past, present and
future; 1. 50c, g. by cards' $1; palmistry and
- clairvoyant sit., $1 50. 312 Mason, nr. Geary.
A — Miss M. Wille, 460 Geary, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, ¦ will tell you exactly
what you called, for without asking a ques-
. t ion, names given; special, $1; houra 10 to 8.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly.
advice given on all affairs of life;: satisfac-
. tlon guaranteed; 25c up. 17 3d, next Exam.
MISS ZEMDAR, young.- gifted cla'r. and palm.:
has second sight: a wonderful prophet^d*;
names; 1. 50c. g.- $1. 714 Franklin. rr '"S.G.avo.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads lire; business ad-
vlce; names given; 25c up. 835 Howard st.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader ln city.
26% Kearny, room 20; ladies 23c; gents. 60c.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
• moved from 132 to 23V4 6th ; 1. , 25c. g. 50c
Mine. Odell returned; clairvoyant, card reader;
tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat. Mt! Ellla at.
J FOR sale — Grocery, candy, notions cigars and
! branch bakery; all soixA Htock and will sell
I reasonable; established 111 years; low rent;
i living rooms. Bex 1S0S. Call office..'
WANTED— T.) buy a stock of general merchan-
dise !n country town In a good healthy lo-
cality. Box 17D.". Call office.
$S7ft — DELICATESSEN and lunchroom: good
trade and fin^ location for meals; rent low,
$-'7 50. Address box 1993. Call.
L»ii)i;n<.-aoi si:s fan sale.
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phcne South 1050.
:i Eddy st.. cor. Markets and Powell.
Headquarters for RoomlnK-Houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
1 220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
I house; luxuriously furnished; grand entrance;
! every modern equipment; clearing $400 to $500
per month; to be sold at a bargain on account
1 of departure. *
1CS riJoms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
j fun.lrhed, up-to-dtite rooming-house; has fine
; bsir; can b? run in conjunction If desired; rare
j chance for right parties; part cash, balance
j can be paid out of the house; other business in-
I terests demand immediate departure.
j P0 rooms; beautiful new building and furnl-
1 ture: swell downtown location; everything up-
to-date and Hrst-class; line opportunity to se-
cure high-gi&de proposition; must go East.
i 12C rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
I up-to-iate house; all men; electric elevator.
i lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys ln th* city.
10 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment -house; reduced to $1100.
150 rooms: 'beautiful corner; 3 and 4 room
apartments; grand marine view; new and mod-
ern throughout; most elegantly furnished house
in city; cail for terms and particulars.
0 roorr.s: svrny flat rent $50; oak. mahoirany
fur.; obliged to leave city; reduced to $050.
ISO rooms: grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to ffiOO per month;
close in; full nice people; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
1-1 rcomb; rent only $G0; oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $850.
1G2 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
| ment-houF? in Pan Francisco: beautiful, mod-
| ern buiMing: tine entrance, cheap rent: clear-
ing $4C0 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance S per cent per year.
30 rooms: rent only $150; oak and cherry fur.;
fine carpets; close in; fine money-maker.
2R rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill: doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
7-room flat: rent $40: oak furniture; good car-
pets; ticknese; price $350. —
139 rooms; downtown commercial hotel; 8
years' lease: cheap rent; elegantly furnished;
cne of the best opportunities to secure flrst-
I class hotel; owner has other business; part
cash, balance time.
20 rooms; cheap rent; close In; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100. part cash.
It looms: rent $40; close In; oak. cherry fur-
niture, Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all ex-
penses; $100 cash, balance time; snap; $700,
40 rooms: elegantly furnished; rent only $250;
oak and mahoprany furniture; 60 boarders;
clearing $250 per month; close ln; fine buy;
price $O0C0.
18 rooms; rent $S5; north Market; close ln;
good money-maker; reduced from $1COO to
$1100.
12S rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-Glass,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished:
clearing $5C0 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
20 rooms; rent enly $100; all new furniture;
doctor pays $9.">: clearing over all expenses $100;
best street Oakland; will trade for San Fran-
cisco house.
24 rooms: rent $145: new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent: 10 years' lease; close in;
i clears $400 per month: $4000 down, balance S,
per cent per annum; departure.
33 rooms; cheap rent: good lease; beautifully
furnished; new modem building; very central:
all full: little gem of a house; leaving city.
120 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths: beautiful furniture: 2 entrances;
takes In $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular rocmers; will bear investigation.
21 rooms; corner: rent only $85: oak fur.:
good carpets, housekeeping;' all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1000.
M> rooms; new, modern apartment-house: 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
17 rooms; Ellis st. : rent $70; oak furniture.
Axminster carpets; fine condition; clears $80;
fine little buy.
• S rocms; fine upper flat: rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
; $450.
For rent — 4-room suite, furnished, ln fine
apartment-house, 4 to 6 months; rental $45 per
month; references; no small children.
For rent — 8-room modern furnished flat, for
summer; elegantly fur.; references required;
rent $t50 per month. •
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance;
modern business methods ln fine front of-
fices; phone Black 3607, or take elevator to
fourth floor: up-to-date title abstract free
with every sale.
GREAT bargain ln an 11- room house; fine lo-
cation downtown: near Post and Mason; al-
most a gift; think of selling such a housa
for Ices than $50 a room. MARION GRIF-
FIN.
ONLY $350 down and $350 In payments takes
furniture and business of a email boarding-
house with 12 boarders: rent $45; new
house; on sunny corner. MARION GRIFFIN.
HOW is this ? 16-room corner house north of
Market; rent $30; clears $41 monthly; price
$4C0; only $100 down. MARION GRIFFIN.
SELECT home of 17 rooms near Sutter St.;
kitchen; dining-room; very quiet and refined;
clears $S0 a month. MARION GRIFFIN.
SWELL- transient house; most beautifully fur-
nished; extra fine hair mattresses; new and
modt-rn; building on sunny corner; 24 rooms;
when you see It you'll buy It of MARION
GRIFFIN.
JUST listed; Sl-room apartment-houoe; room-
ers lake care of their own rooms; newly pa-
pered; corner house: furnished In oak and
cherry: Brussels and moquet carpets; rent
only $125; manager occupies 2 nice rooms
and clears $115 exactly each month.
MARION GRIFFIN.
CHEAP house; 32 rooms; on NE. corner; near
Market; rent $100; 2-year lease; price $1400;
teig rnoney-maktr. MARION GRIFFIN.
APARTMENT-HOUSE of 4S rooms; splendidly
furnished ; on t>uhny corner and street car
crossing; long lease; electricity for elevator
and lights; monthly profit. $222; price $4500.
' ¦¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
$3000 PROFIT yearly: accurately kept books;
¦ house has a wide reputation from Oregon to
Mexico; lawyers, merchants and bankers stop
at this house; 60 rooms, with splendid fur-
nishings; lease; elevator and all conveni-
ences; will inventory the furniture and give
you an abstract of title: make offer to
, MARION GRIFFIN.
HIGH-CLASS proposition — We have decided to
eell our hotel and have employed MARION
GRIFFIN to conduct the sale; NEW and
MODERN building of 70 rooms and in the
fashionable part of city; furnishings superb;
price $2000 less than cost; should clear SCOO
monthly. ¦
100 ROOMS; sunny corner; rent $125.'... $4500
10J rooms; clears $350; low rent $6500
80 rooms; furniture nearly new $3S00
40 rooms: fine location, north of Market. J10OO
4i> rooms; in Oakland; new; rent $60.... $2500
12 rooms; half cash; cheap rent $600
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st. ; y
80' ROOMS; elegant new apartment-house, ¦ 3
and 4 room suites; 60 1 rooms, furnished; rea-
sonable rent; charming location; sunny. ¦ Box
3548. Call office.. ¦ . , ¦
14-ROOM house; rent $45; near . Larkln and
Hyde sts.; full of roomers; owner will sell
for ?650; this week. Box 0522. Call office.
FOR sale — Lodging house, 25 rooms, on Sutter
st. Box- 1913. Call office.
LODGING house, 27 rooms, for sale; down-
town location. Box 3249. Call office.
BOARDING and lodging house " for sale; 20
rooms. Inquire MRS. WILSON. Belvedere,*
AiTo'.:oniu;s for sale.
fECOXD-HAXl) automobiles in flrst-clatu
»fcjf* for n!c cli«>ap Inquire at "u ilol<3?a
G.ii» ave. ; pliont* Howard J«71.
FOI; self -A White Rtmhope in kooJ runnlns
<^r.!*r: will >-<l) roa.-or.ab'.e. 18.-.X "-M.'). Call.
ni;si.vi->* ciiA.vcEs.
$3CC0: grocery and bar. on Fourth Ft., about 1
block from Market et.: •leas*-: fcood paying;
itita'uiltheri vcars: plckaega only cause ot sale.
Cfiil It. G. WILKi:. it', a Kcarny art.
A— $15CG— DA1KY produce route; butter and
i *cg*: established 0 years; horses, 1 wagon;
owner ckars abuve $1."O i*r n:o; Rood cash
butir.trF. call u. G. WULJCE.". gUVfr 8 Kearny.
! A— ?otKA>; HAKUWAUi; ftore; siwciaJtie*.
locksmith, electric bells, niudil-makln:?, ma-
rhlae work etc.: e*tab. "0 years: located
Sixth «t. ; large stock, ivie I:. WILKE.
if,u Kearny tt. _.
i a— J1C00: HK.STAl.RANT in Fnn Rafael: daily
receipts (23; rcr.t IjviO; must b<» sc'.d at one;
jrco<! place. Fee B, «J. WIWU5. L*C»i Kearny.
A — J1WJ: DAIHT produce and d< Ilcat»?9^n
store; clos»- to Market s>.: daily rt»ce!p»»
about $40; rent $15: ciod business: value :n
tight. It. G. V.ILKE. Kearny st.
A— J.V'0: OYSTEK and chop hou«e; close to
E!!i* an.l Mason ets. : rent $-i. r i: worth at
least $'Jt'O; rare cpcnir.s. See K. O.
WILKE. 2<;H Kearny tt.
A — $jCC0; COKNEK grocery and bar; cash
business; more receipts about $ttO per day?
bar receipts about S-0; owner will sell for
cash or trade ior property at the actual
value of J3C00. Call K. G. WILKE. -.'OJi
K«-arcy et.
A— J:COO; CORNEK rrocery and bar. on Powell
St.; S years' leave; rent S40; business estab.
rears and flrFt-class paying; value In night.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kcarny st.
A — IfOOO; THJ! leading saloon ln rnanufa.eturU>g
town cf at'out 5000 Inhabitants; !i years"
leace; rent ISO; full value in eight: first-class
pa) ing business; about -- — <'lr« from S. F.
Call K. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
A — $2200; DAIItY prcdu?* and delicatessen
ctore; established years: rent $0*>: monthly
rales about $11.00; a first- ciass paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. IKiVa Kearny st.
A— $TM; CIGAR stand on Market st.: rent $06;
cue of the Lest -located «tar.>is and a business
where fullest Investigation Is solicited: %
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. L'tHi Kcarny.
A— fSOOO; CORNER grocery and bar with 3
years' lease: rent 575; - horses; 'J wagons;
average ca«h store trade $25iO per month;
daily tar receipts $25: full value la sight;
location the b^t in the city. Call K. G.
TVILKE. S«H Kcarny Bt.
A— $450-. PLUMBING and jrsFnttJnK shop on
Fillmore tl.; rent CO: owners must sell at
once aa they are en&acert ln another busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $3ixK); GROCERY Etrre: tstablibhed many
years and doing n. larj:e cash ouslness;
located close to Market and Sixth sts. ; a
rood raying business; Investigate and you
find a very rare business opening. Cail R.
O. WILKE. Sti^fr Kearry st.
A— $760; SALOON on Montgomery St.: plac«
established years; owner clearing about $123
per month; Investigate- a bargain. Call K.
G WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
A — $3000; CORNER saloon; close to Call bldg. :
5 years' lease; net rent $120; this Is one o*
the best saloon locations in. this city, and
a live ir.an can clrar $500 per month. Cail
R. G. WILKE. B6% Kearny st.
A— $1100; SALOON, with 3 rooms; clos«- to
Kearr.y and Eui«h sts.: rent $75; lease; placs
easily clears $'Jtk) per month; nice fixtures,
choicest rtock of liquors* Ail particulars of
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— *12C0 : COFFEE saloon and bakery Jn
cho'.cect location; r«nt -$S0; daily receipts
about $70; a good business, but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — CAMERON & CO. *»hone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster, and chop houses $.130 to $1000
Candy and icecream parlors $200 to $2500
Barber sheps $500 to $2500
Cigar stands $350 to $2000
Groceries and bars $5C0. to $5000
Saloons $:J00 to $10,000
Restaurants $350 to $20,000 :
Fruit and vegetable stores $r»00 to $1000
Pnig stores $2000 to $00UO
Pellcatessen stores \ .$250 to $4500
f Wood and coa! yards .' $250 to $10u0
For eale — First-class legitimate mining
proposition that will bear strict investiga-
tion.
¦ I
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort: fine :
groves; 36-room hotel; all furnished 'and I
equipped for businen?: 20 acres iand goes
with lease: raise own hay. vegetables; all
kinds of fruit: rent $5C0 per year; equity in
this $2500; death ln family cause of saie.
CAMERON & CO. v
FOR eale — One of the best restaurants in city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $1CO daily: will
bear Investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
6 CO.. :{ Eddy at.
FOR sale — Well-located bazaar and furnisuing
goods business; cheap rent: 6Vi yeare' lease;
one of the best transfer cornerrs in city: do-
iRS fine busine**; other Interests cauee of atle-
price $5000. See CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy."
FOR sale — Well located and equipped family
liquor store; rent only $35; fixtures $200;
Ftock will Invoice between $4(>0 and $50<!;
must be sold by 1st: other business. CAM-
ERON &. CO.. 3 Eddy Et.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg-hse or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or will trade — tt acres inside city
limits; cr.e^if best interior cities In Califor-
nia: hou«e, barn, other outbuildings; plenty
all kinds fruit; beautiful home; will trade for'
rooming-- house; price $4000. CAMERON &
CO., a Eddy tt.
A— STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a safe and profitable
business opening ln San Francisco? If eo.
we can offer you any number requiring an
Investment from $100 to $50,000; every busi-
ness opportunity that passes through our of-
fice nrj.-t stand the closest investigation, and
we can place you in a store, factory, hotel,
mill, office, or, in fact, any business you
may prefer. Kindly call and investigate.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A— A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services t-ecure interest and
office of treasurer in an incorporated realty
and investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured; highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market et.
A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can invest $500 In a
hirh-rlas* real estate office and fill position
of cashier; experdlence not necessary: invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed..
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
$350 SECURES Interest In light office work,
where party can easily clear $125 monthly;
references exchanged; experience not neces-
sary: live, man wanted; bona fide proposition.
Particulars 1007 >4 Market et.. room 1.
WANTED— Reliable, man with $300 to secure
interest In stock of business; must be satis,
fled with $20 to $35 week: no experience re-
quired. Address box 3251, Call office.
LODGING-HOUPE. 24 rooms; Eddy »t.; well
furnished; al! housekeeping; lease; sell cheap
or exchange for email farm Jn bay counties
Box 1S40. Call office.
ROADHOUSE acd hotel near city; flr*t-cla«s
place-; well equipped and clearing $200 mo.;
rent $40 with lease; $2500. Box 1854, Call
office. . .
WANTED— To buy at cne* irood paying corner
grocery and bar; must not take more than
$2000 to handle: state full particulars ln first
letter or no attention. Box 1S61, Call office.
FOR eale or will take partner In a light busl-
ness, paying handsome profits; average
monthly receipts over $300; expenses $85. For
particulars, address box 1752, Call office.
FOR sale — 2-chaIr barber shop; 3 livlngr-rooms
hack; established 10 years; selling account
111 health. 042 Main gt.. Stockton. Cal.
FOR sale — Restaurant and delicatessen com-
bined, clearing $175 per month: low rent;
good location. Box 1&26. Call office.
"WANTED — To buy a good hotel or boarding
house in city or country. Address, with par-
ticulars, box 1X»73, Call office.
WANTED — To buy half or whole- of a furni-
ture etcre; state full particulars: no agents.
Box 1962. Call office.
CARPENTER shop, Al location; good bus.;
cheap rent; owner going East. Box 1998. Call.
FOR rent — Cigar stand; suitable for bootblack
stand. 210 Mason Et.
WANTED — Partner in light manufacturing
business; must have $150 caab. 76ti Folsom.
FOR sale — The Union Hotel; manufacturing
town; Beniria, Cal.
HOME bakery for sale; very reasonable. Call
at* 1550 Church st.
FINE newspaper routa tor sale. Inquire at
this office. — I
51 r>00— G ROCERY and bar ln Park district.
Box 1U32. Call office.
WANTED — A cigar stand. Box 3233. Call
office. ' •,"",..
WANTED — A cigar stand; state location and
price. Box 1SS9. Call orflce. -
• • • • • ? ¦? » » • » « -»-« ««>••• -»-?-»-•- «»«? •?>>« •»•«»»« «««»• >«»•»»¦»«•¦«»• ••••••• • • • • • • • • *¦
....BRIHG YOUR WANT AD TO....
FOR INSKRiTiON EH N£XT SUNDAY'S EDITION |
— — AHD -RECEIVE- —
[THE SIX-IN-ONE ICE PICK I .
Cracks Ice on Scientific Principles. ' All Trained Nurses Use It and They Should Know.
SIMPLY PRESSING WILL DO IT. •
SIX-IN-ONE ICE PICK. %
Like the Walker Cork Puller IT SETTLES AN ANNOYING HOUSEHOLD PROBLEM.
Its sharp, properly shaped, tempered steel point cracks ice as desired without noise or waste.
IT WILL ASTONISH YOU.
Six extra points are contained in the handle. When the point becomes dull, put in another.
... IT IS EASY TO CHANGE POINTS . . .
This Useful Premium Can Be Obtained by Bringing a.Want Ad THURSDAY, FRIDAY or SATURDAY
. for Insertion in NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
Premiums can be obtained bytpresentinir advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
527 Montgomery street, corner City; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
63? McAllister street; open. until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
1 22C 1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. m.
, 106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m. tst _
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p.m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m. >.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
1118 Broadway •_— —^v— • Telephone Main 108J
' BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store 4 Park Street
This Useful
kniA^^ CAIlL
Ham immassm te Mi gaATOHEMuzgr
"AV\ ]. MAUTIN Business Manager
. TES DOLLAIIS BEWARD.
-
Polity The Call Office if You Miss
Your Pa;ier.
" rr Ccr cry cause THE CAX>I> 1« not de-
livered rcnOaxly to subscribers pleaee
call u» "CALX. EXCEAHGE" and notify
Subscription Cieik In charge. Your cenx-
plaiat will receive prompt attention.
A etaadiasr rewarl of Ten Dollars
.CS10.00) ia cffcred fcr tie arrest aad
conviction cf any one caught BteaUaSf
VO£ CALL.
TELEPHONE.
Ajk for THE CALL. The Operator WHTOoo-
r.cct You With the Department You vu*a.
r-jt::cat!rn Office Market and Third. S. F.
• >:d.tor;al Room 217 to 221 Stevenson et.
•£>C.:verea Ly Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 73
Ct«. Per Month. F:r.£> Copies 5 Cent*.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage (Cash WItn
TJAILT CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 1 y«ar...$S.OO
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). « mos.... *M>
1 DAILY CALL— By Single Month '•>=
.SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2.60
WTEKLY CALL. 1 YEAR i-J. 00
g*g« i ESbrftii ?s IS? |£
rCSTAGE. I Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
• ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUUSCRIPTIONS.
tamplo Cc-jiiet will be iorwarced when re-
quested.
Mail evhtcrlbers in ordering change of ad-
trrnt thculd be iiartic-jlfcr to give both NEW
"AND OLD ADDRnSo In order to insure a
prompt auJ corn-ct coraj-llance with their re-
eaett.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
.JUS Bread way Telephone Main 10S3
EERKELEY OFFICE:
IKS Center fctreet Telephone North «•
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astcria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
fnicn Square; ilurriiy Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
•Cue Hcuj anJ Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
t-'twnsac Houi*: P. O. News Co.; Great
N«!th-ra Hotel: Tre-mont House; Auditorium
Jiotei; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
.C. GEORGE KROGNE£S..Marquette Building
«Lcr.p DiEiar.cc Telephone. ••Central 2618.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARL1ON Herald Square
' m-SINESS OFFICE cf the San Francisco
Gill, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
•IOCS Market street, opposite Filth; open until
11 p. m.
627 Montgomery etreet. corner Clay; open
untii »:30 p. ra.
CCO Hayet street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€39 Mi-A Ulster street: open until S:30 p. m.
tli Larktn etreet; open until i>:30 p. ra.
1S»4« Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
i'^'-'.J Mhrket street, corner Sixteenth; open
until !.;.:.¦).
JCtt Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
IOjG Valencia etreet; op«n until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
Ji«rthwest ccrner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p.m.
2200 Fiilaiorfc etreet; open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
rOH THE SU3OIER.
CALL subscribers contesiplatliur s>
chance of residence d urine tne summer
tscstni can nave their paper forwarded
by mall to their new address by notify*
in* THE CAI.L Business Oflci. This
caper will also be en sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local
asreat in all tewns on the coast.
CHIHCH SERVICES.
REV. DR. CARRADINE. holiness evangelist,
will hold a !-f-rie* of meetings at Penlel Mis-
sion Hall. 43 Third rt. (entrance on Stevenson
it.). Hay 0-1 »j. Services 10:30 a. m. and 7:30
p. m. week days, 2:30 and 7:30 p. m. Sun-
days; first service Friday p. m. All invited.
MEETISO .\OTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. . ¦»_
T.— Regular assembly THIS EVENING Mr
at 7:30. Annual meeting. Election of £3
officers. \f
THOMAS H. BROWNE, Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
tPACIFIG Lodge No. 138, F. and A. M. J5
—Stated mettles THIS EVENING, 8Vy
o-olork /V\
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretarj-.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. K. of P.. -aPf
. meets THIS FRIDAY at 8 o'clock.
lioneer building. 24 Fourth st." /BgJ?
Knight rank, long form. Visitors JF^X,
invited. F. O. MOLL. C. C. *° —^
R. N. McLENNAN. K. of R. and S.
;an FRANCISCO Teat No. 18. >j£l7/^fek
K O T M— Review THiH /^y'.-^-iTA
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at -• ££?3 ft tV3
o'clock. Pioneer Hall, 24 B*I»|
' Lr D. *k RICHARDS. -^^^^
necord K**p?r. "^32*^
REGULAR meeting of the Caledo- v «-yT"
nlan Club THIS EVENING at 8 5S,>>CW
o'clock. Scottish Hall. 117 Larkln. >JvX*Sc
A. M. MACPHERSOX. Chief.
JAMES H. DUNCAN, Secretary.
6T. ANDREWS Society — Annuaj v v,
picric to Fairfax Park on SATUR- 3V fSiX?
DAY. May 7. Boats will leave ferry
at » i»nd 30 a. m. and at 1:45 p. m. **=i?>fc
Fppcial returnins train leaves Fairfax at
5:30 p. m. Tickets for round trip, including
admiraion to the park, adults 50^ children
2?>c. can be obtained from Messrs. John Reid
.& Son. 7* Geary tt.. and from Jchn M. Dun-
can, I1C*» Mission st., cr at Sausallto ferry
'on date of rlcnlc.
P. LIVINGSTON DUNN President.
3. BLACK. Secretary.
ADOPTION. ~
A NEW-BORN baby boy for adoption. Call at
. MRS. SATTLER SIMON'S. 1709 Powell et.
AGKXTS WASTED.
LADIES — For Gem rr.SFFage device and co»-
• metiCT; city and country. 517 Taylor «t.
wamao. ~
HAVING recently acquired through'exchanite
of property three U0 scholarships in the best
College of Advertising In the United State*.
1 will sell them at 25 per cent discount for
•ccih; the coMeg" teaches advertising writ-
ing by correspondence and assists its grad-
uate, to secure positions: catalogue* fur-
nichefl on application. Address box 302G. OalL
" ATTOa.VEVS-AT.LAw]
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for small 'fee
Established 22 yrs.; mw. 1. 2 3. -I & 5 lrt'n
I1S3 Market st.. between Mason and Taylor'
Advice tre e ail matters. Detectives employed!
ADVICE FREE- -
Columbian Law & Coll. Agcy r 85 9l«
Market; phone Jchn C226; open erenlars-
• transacts at moct reasonable rates all legit-
imate law business: bonds furnished in crlm-
inal acd crvll cases; email collections taken.
K. W. KTSG. Attorney-at-Law, Exam bldg
Cth floor, entrance room 61 1; established '*6
>ear»: all cases, general court and off.ee prac-
tice: no fee ln advance or for consultation*
evenings by appointment. Tel. Rod 3C01.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees ort
costs ' ln advance; all law' business; office
open Saturday evenings. fcl9 Market st.. r. 31.
DIVORCE cheap, speedily, quietly; call on us
'ere ffolog elsewhere. Phone James . €221;
room 41, iHC Market st.. opposite Emporium.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
.tree; open evenings. £27 Market st.. rm. 301.
DIVORCE law a specialty: no publicity; advice
frre: certs $12. Ad. B.A.S.. P.O.box 2:99. S. F.
L- S. CLARK. !C7 Market >.i»t. ; /consultation
»>•-•- no r *r~n In «<1\-anr»- open *wn!nir».
ASTHMA aSKCTT.
A Di Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves instant-
ly: 10c. 25c. 50c, 1W2 Market. St. Nicholas.
BASE2TS.
BASKETS made of every description. Friedl
Bazaar and Basket Factory. ¦ 1272 Folsom ct.' ¦ • . ¦ ¦- :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/FRIDAY, MAY 6, 1904.
13
0BTAINED FROM AN T\-T A \ \ /' A \ 1 T^ A T~\ T 1V1 T LJ t~T f^ ATT
¦ ...investment • [ in A W A IM -1: . AD 1 IN 1 ric CALL
REAL ESTATE— Conn try— Fo? S*Ir.
$330«>-^BARGAiN for Immediate sale: 15 acres
valley land: close to large town; Alameda
County: 10 acres in bearing vineyard, under
high state of cultivation; siaie Iruits. with
also a good crop of almonds; good house of 8
rooms; barn: 10,00-eallon tank and mill;
beautiful flower garden and lawn; complete
arrangements for poultry raising, with fine
Incubator house, etc. ; a model and productive
home; will pay over $1000 this -year In
crops; owner a non-resident, and must be
sold, hence the above price; see photographs
at this office. H. H. CRANE, 508 Callfor-
nla st .
GREAT bargain — Rich. Irrigated farms; W«
canal; free water right; very cheap; easy
terms; homeseeker'a opportunity. C. — .
WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market st
1H4-ACRE home property: short walk fromtR.
R. depot, Alameda County; in a perfect cli-
mate; comfortable hou*e 5 rooms, barn, out-
buildings, mill and COOO-gal. tank; 2 acres In
j-ineyard; balance fine open pasture; sur-
¦"roundlngs first-class; fine natural trees, beau-
tiful scenery, etc.; price $2500 for immediate
sale: easy terms if desired: owner non-resi-
dent. H. H. CRANE, 508 California st.
$2350—25 ACRES one mile from town; Ala-
meda County; nubile and high schools; land
all level (no adobe); magnificent water sup-
ply, nrtll and 10,000- gal. tank: some fruits;
no better place for poultry raising and pro-
ducing feed on the place. H. H. CRANE,
60S California st. ¦_ t_
1400 ACRES at $6 50 per acre; only 90 miles
from San Francisco; to close up an estate;
see owner dally at 12:30. RICHARD KEAT-
INGE. 10S Jessie st, San Francisco.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st.
FOR sale — A large tract of^edwood at a bar-
gain; 35,000 feet per acre. Box 1978. Call.
A WEEK'S wws for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pares. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BEOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A SNAP In Linda Vista Terrace; lot 67x123;
street work, sewer, gas, water all done; $2000.
How is this for choice lots on Piedmont ave. ;
$90o each; street work, sewer, gas, water all
done.
On Telegraph ave. I have & good lot," 50x100;
street work all done; $3750.
Now is your chance to buy a home where
one has left never to return, house being too
large now; beautiful terraced lawn, flowers and
a view that can hardly be beaten; 10 rooms, !
bath, all the modern conveniences of a fine ;
house; price $'210; call and let me show you
this.
A beautiful home on Fifth ave.. East Oak-
land; 8 rooms, bath: terraced lawn; five min-
utes to local and right near car line; flowers,
fruit trees; lot 40x140; this l» a bargain; price
$4CC0; a better location you can hardly find.
WM. P. TODD, 1070 Broadway.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paires. rent to any address m the
United States cr Canada>one year for $t.
OAKLAM) FL'RMTURB FOR SAL—.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furnl-
tu^e. H. Schellhaas.llth »t..cor.«tore. Oakland
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
ROOMS FOR IIOUSEKEEPnrO.
ALL sunny; best In city; 3 or 4 rooms furnish-
ed or unfurnished. ST. CHARLES APART.
MENTS, 1500 Sacramento St., near Larkin.
FELL, 222 — 3 sunny housekeeping rooms.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine—
Sunny, furnished 3-rocm suites; eteam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths; rate $30 up.
McALLISTER, MS— Sunny suites, $15-$7; gas
range; hot bath; laundry; phone; adults.
OAK, 117— Sunny suites. $ltt-$20; single rooms;
complete houcekeeplng; $5 to $1O; adults.
O'FARRELL. 120— Large sunny housekeeping
rooms; well furnished; gas range; run, water.
Twenty-eighth. 315—2 sunny, furnished house-
keeping; water; separate entrance; $6 month.
VALENCIA. 1103 — 4 unfurnished housekeep-
ing rooms and bath. Inquire 9 a.m. -5 p.m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st. opposite Flfth.
Op»r» until 11 p. m. ¦
APA— TM-WT HOPSE5.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Wtll be finished March 15.
1084 SL'TTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny ; 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each: nil unfurnished; $27 50 to $40. .
Mako reservations now.
ST.CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness ave. — The
acme of perfection In modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-rocm apartments, with private baths,
steam heat electric llght.elevator. gas ranges;
$30. $35, $37. $40. $45, $47 SO, $50. $83.
$27 50—3 ROOMS and bath, furn., $33; 4 rooms
and bath, $30, furn. $37 50; sun in every
apart.; new honae. beautifully finished; gas
ranges in unfurn. apart*. The Malken. 31
Central ave.. near Halght st •
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson st— Modern 3-4-3
rooms; also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; references. Phons East 1330.
RUOMS 'TO 1,KT— Kurn. Mad Dsfara.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market St. (or No. I
Fifth st)— Rooms, 25c. 60c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night
BURNETT. 1128 Market told No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 1530 — 3 or 4 nice outside rooms,
unfurnished, cheap. '.
CLIFFORD. 204 . Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS (The), 618 Post. -nr. Taylbr:— Just
opened; desirably located; sunny slogle rooms
and suites, with private baths, hot and cold
water, steam heat, electric lights, phone every.
room: elevator. Phone East 1317 if desired.
EDDY 110, opposite Tlvoll Theater; "The
Launston"; flMt-class> rooms; special rates.
FOLSOM, 1007%. near Sixth — Room in private
family. $4 50 per month.
FOR tingle gentleman, in private home (no
other roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2624. Call office.
GEARY, 406—3 sunny, clean, nicely furnished
rooms.
GEARY, 6C0 — Elegant sunny front bay-window
rooms; piano; other rooms; kitchen; reason.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 33c
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $6 wit.; reading-room.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 749 EUls— Elerantly fur-
nlshcd suites and single rooms.
MARKET. 1658, cor. Polk— 2 front sunny
rooms, 3 con. rooms, rent $12 50: yard: quiet.
MISSION. 1232— One large, sunny room: suit-
able for 2 men: aleo 1 single room. Inquire
at grocery. ' '
OAK, 419 — Elegantly furnished parlors; piano;
other rooms; all sunny.
O'FARRELL. 120— Large sunny well furnished
front room, suitable for 2; also single room.
POST, 889. near .Hyde — Large furnished front
room: bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gente.
ROYAL- House, 120 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $3
to $9- month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold wattr; baths.
THE ST. KATHRYN. NE. cor. Leavenworth
and Ellis — Sunniest rooms in the city; new
hotel: just furnished fresh and clean: hair
mattresses In every xoom: also hot and cold
¦water, baths, etc.; steam heat throughout;
elevator service and every modern conveni-
ence: rooms from $3 per week up.
THE Mayflower, SOS Third — Nice quiet family
house; elegant rooms: 25c. 50c. 75c, $1 night
TREAT ave.^-816 — 3 rooms, pantry, closet, etc,
for housekeeping. . '
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms 30c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running; water In every
room: elevator. read. -room; free bus; baggage.
UNFURNISHED rooms, suitable for dre_-
maklng. ladles* tailor or light manufacturing.
Apply A. ROY HARRISON. 140 Geary st
VAN NESS ave., 619 — Elegant front parlors
and adjoining suite for office or club.
HKLP WAITED — MALE Con.
AT J\, R ' HANSEN _ CO.'S EMP. OFFICE.
420 Bush et W2 Clay st.
GOVERNMENT WORK-STATE NEVADA.
Teamsters, labcrers, rockmen $2-$2 50
New Tunnelwork— Free Fare— California.
Tunnelmen, muckers $2-$2 50
Farmers, milkers, choremen.
Head waiter, first-class hotel, Colorado
springs; must speak English, German and
French, free fare $100
Kitchen eteward. $100; waiters, cooks, bell,
elevator and kitchen hands.
C- H- HANEEN _ CO.'S EMP. OFFICE,
423 Bueh st 642 Clay st.
A ~ PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
638 Commercial st. — 638.
PHONE MAIN 1191— Near Kearny st.
FREE fare. If you stay 4 months— NEVADA.
8 hours, FEE 51 — 30 teamsters, laborers and
rockmen. $2 to $2 25 day— NEVADA: FREE
FARE*— CALL EARLY— FREE FARE. 10
labcrers. call early with blankets, near city,
It's good; sign painter, north, union wages;
cock and wife, plain hotel. $100 and fd.,
country, party here; 10 farm hands. $2<5 to $30
and fd.: FREE FARE, R, R. WORK. 10
2-horse teamrters, 10 laborers, ship to-day;
2 tunnel-men, company work, S9O; 2 timber-
men. R. It. tunnel, t'M>: mechanics, call and
sx-e us to-day.
WANTED for U. S. army; able-bodied un-
married men, between ages of 21 and 35;
citizens of the United Statcn, of good char-
acter and temoerate habits, who can speak,
rr-ad and write Englirh. For Information
apjily to Recruiting Officer, Rlalto building.
New Montgomery kt., San Francieco, or 1029
Second St.. Sacramento, Cal.
A— L L>
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and cecure good positions; catalogue and full,'
Information mailed free. MOLER System
College. 635. Clay rt.
YOUNG man and wife to take charge of
kitchen: must be willing to travel. Inquire
to-day and Saturday, private car "Olivet,"
Fourth and Townsend sts.. San Francisco.
THOROUGHLY practical clothing salesman
wanted; none other ne*d\ apply. S. N
WOOD _ CO.. 740 Market st
WANTED— Bright boy for office: age from
IS to 15; references required. Apply to
LIVINGSTON BROS., 123-9 Post st.
WANTED — Young man to work in grocery.
HOFFMAN BROS., cor. Twenty-fourth and
Church ete.
WANTED — Young man. experienced salesman,
for drug sundries. Apply superintendent's of-
fice the Emporium.
WANTED — Blacksmith to repair wagons, etc
Fourteenth ave. and N st. south.
WANTED — A bootblack at Olympic Club bar-
ber shon. 524 Po*t st
BOY wanted, about 15, help shipping clerk and
run errands. 60 First st.
WANTED — Non-union machinists. Call at
room 25. 239 Powel^st.. 2 to 4 p. ra.
$75— MAN wanted ; no night or Sunday work.
Call 229 Fifth st.
WANTED — Experienced wai«hgoods salesman.
Apply at HALE BROS.'. b«t. 9 and 11 a. m.
WANTED — Cashboys from 13 to 16 years of
a*re. Apply at HALE BROS.', between 8
and 11 ». m.
WANTED — Y^ung man who ie thoroughly ex-
perienced in mending jewelry, watches and
clocks, aim oomoetent to s?ll; state age, ex.
perience and salary expected. Apply box
lt#C. Call office.
WANTED — Five expert custom shirtmakers to
go to Los Angeles; must be thoroughly expe-
rienced; the beat pay and the most modern
factory in America. Apply by writing box
1929, Call office.
A PRACTICAL plurr.ber with a few hundred
dollars at once as partner in the plumbi/ig
and gas fitting business; correspondence so-
licited. Address F. W.. care 100S Market
St., fan Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — A competent "hotel clerk for first-
class country hotel: state experience and sal-
ary expected; references required. Box 1030,
Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rcikin. R*-no H&use proprietor, has
added 100 new room* to the Denver House,
217 Third «t: 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night
WANTED — An experienced bus he in: .an fcr out
of town. Addrets A. KEENE, Royal Hous-?,
Pan Francisco.
MEN and women vanted to learn the barber
trade, free of charge. Wf stern College of
Barbers. «47 Comercial st.
FOR eale — Barber chop: 3 chairs; good busi-
ness; fine location; lease- no 'snide business;
enap. 211 Sixth et.
TRY our men's choes, union made, at SI and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shots at $2 50; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d et.Exam. bid.
GENTLEMAN to solicit for weekly paper In
northern part of city. Apply 519 Filbert tt.
BISHELMAX wanted. J. T. ENGLISH Point
Richmond, Cal.
BARBER shop wanted; must be good; state
particulars. D. D.. 21 Glen Park ave.. 12th.
OLD established two-chair barber-shop for
g_e. DECKELMArt BROS.. 106 Ellis st
PLATEN press feeder; steady position. 620
Market st.
S-CHAIR barber shop; first-class business; a
good chance. Apply Call office.
TWO-CHAIR barber »hop for sale. Inqulra
WILL _ FINCK. 21 O'Farrell st.
A GOOD elgnpalnter for a northern town. Box
3S75. Call office.
EAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st
LABOR debts collected; suite, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy., r. 413.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; wages
while learning 741A Howard st
Pension Atty..-E. A. Bullis. r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Poet O. A. R.
YOUNG men. sailors. black*mlthii, carpenters,
green hands, for ships. Herman's, 27 Steuart
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 room;: 35c r.icht; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggafr* to and from ferry.
A BRANCH effice of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st, opposite Fifth.
Op*n until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received ac
Call branch office, cor. Duncan _ Church «ts.
ALL eizes men's rhoes, slightly damaged, half
price. &e3 Mlcnion nt. bet. 1st and 2d sU.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. r.<vs Ml*rion et.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SOLICITOUS WANTED.
WANTED — Good advertising solicitor. Call at
Western Fine Arts Co.. 529 Clay st
HOKSKS AAD A\ AtiO.NS.
A CARLOAD handled reldings, weight 1000
to 1350, from Churchill Company's rancuei,
at CHASE'S. 1732 Market st.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson. 6. F.
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College — Next
reeslon begins June 6. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELEY, 610 Golden Gate afe.
4 TRUCK horses- cheap: seen any time corner
Army and Missouri sts.
CAMPING wagon: great for theatrical travel-
ers. 127 Turk st; owner at ft40 Howard st.
ALL kinds of buggies, surreys, wagons, carts,
new and old. cheap. 1504-8 Folsom st
HORSES of all grades bought, sold and ex-
changed. H. ATKINSON. 63 Hermann »t
WAGONETTES, *urr#ys. buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horses. 15th-Valencla.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cent* — The Weekly Call.
IB p»g«f. In wrapper, for mailing. >1 per year.
' HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of house* to let: send for dr-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN - CO.. 20 Montgomery
PERRY. 204. near Fourth — $7; house of 3
room*; water free. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
Sc CO.. 20 Montgomery rt.
HOuSKS TO LET — FL'KXtSHKn. _ __
MAGNIFICENT marine view; eight rooms,
bath, bllllard-room. large garden, low^rent;
block from Hyde-street cars. See SHAIN-
WALD. BUCK BEE. Mills building.
COMPLETELY furnished house; large, sunny
room*: bath. Urge yard.basement 104 Pierce.
kt. Halght: references required. Inquire 9-12
am .. S-7 p.m. or 207 Examiner building.
DESIKABLE 2-story furnished \ house, with
basement and attic; eun all day: rent $75.
P45 Asbbury st. ' ¦ -
HOUSES FUIt-MSHKD— POR SALE.
i ROOM house: newlr . furnished:' all room*
SS,; no .f-ts; Price ,700. 312 Mason .u
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unforn.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth st.— Rooms from 15a .
to $1 per night and from 90c to $3 per wwl
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan _ Church st«.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
cpened at IOCS Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. '
KODJIS AND DOAKD.
>WrtW '* W BST_rBA_UloiREr~ <W
. 1C13 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR OEART ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLAS3.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 708.
VAN NESS ave.. 944— Boaro\ room, table
board, sunny rooms; rates reasonable. Ellis .
and Geary sts. cars; phone Hyde 4346.
HAWTHORNE. 13, off Howard, nr. 3d— Front "
room with board; American fam.; $4 50 week.
HOWARD, 841 A— First-class board . & room.
single or double. $5 & $0 week; Amer. family. t
HOTEL ELSMERE. 41S Sutter— Sunny suites,
single rms.. with or without board; moderate.
HARRISON. 5<x>. cor. First— First-class table
board; excellent cooking; $4 to $5 week.
I A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for -nailing. $1 per year
ROOMS A.\D BOARD AVAXTE P.
YOUNG man of good character wants fur-
nished room, with or without board, with re-
fined pvlvate family; congenial home destrerl;
terms mod. ; give particulars. Box 325H. Call.
SKW1.VG -MACHINES AND SVPPLIKS. •
AT half or one-third price you can buy a new
White sewing machine that Is slightly shop
worn, at our city offices. 30O Post st. 1*41
* Flllmore and 708 Valencia at
RENT the best; we have 100 new Wnite sew-
ing machines for rent at $2 per month.
WHITE SEWING MACHINE CO.. 300 Post
st; telephone Black 11 06. •
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use:
best Is cheapest: second-hand all makes at
any price; all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic office. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple- feed ma-
chines: slightly used: $10 $15. $20: second-
band. %3[ $5 $3: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 10S1 Market st.
¦ 8PEC1 A LISTS. \
CATARRH. DEAFNESS ar.d NOISES In EAR3
positively cured; new methods: 1 week's treat-
ment free Dr. Cottingham 204 Suttsr st.
A— GILBERT _ STOLL Storage Co.; storage.
packing, shipping warehouse. G. O. and Van
Ness; office 1236 Market, r. M; tel. South 730.
A— EMPORIUM Storage _ Van Co.; furniture!
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard st . nr. Third: phone Grant ltU.
PIFRCE-RODOLPH-Storage _ Moving Co.. »t-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. E— 571.
CONKLIN*S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 12t).
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission st: tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfus*.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st; phone Jackson 281.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgome-y
St.: tel. Main l<40. Fhipptng at cut raten
MITTERISG A.\D STAMM — RISO.
MELBOURS?_~InstUute. Van Ness & Market,
premises cure If In fair health; hours 1 to 5.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
En.lth Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 SO. Th*
Typewriting Exchange. SCG California st
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; set par-
ticulars of L. _ M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter In;»pec. Co.. 508 Market
BOHDSJPOB^SAXE;
BONDS for sale — Notice is hereby given that
cealed bids will be received until 2 o'ciock
p. m., Saturday. May 23, 1UO4, by the Bqaid
or Control of the Territory of Ariaona, at* tha
office of said beard in the City of Phoenix.
Arizona, for the sale of Ten Eonda of th»
denomination of One Thousand Dollars each,
bearing date January 1, l:>04. due and pay-
able January 1. 1954. bearing interest at iha
rate of nv.e per cent (5%) per annum, optional
after twenty-five years, issued by the T*r-
rltory of Arizona, in accordance with th»
pro\!M -is of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-sec-
ond Legislative Assembly of said Territory,
and which act has been approved by tha
Congress of the United States. Interest oa
said bonds will be paid seml-annually on
the first day of January and July of eacix
year and both principal and Interest payable
in gold coin of the United States at the of-
fice of the Treasurer of said Territory. A
certified check of a responsible bank for 3
per cent of the amount of the bid. payable
to the order of E. E. Kirkland, Territorial
Treasurer, and a copy of this advertisement
must accompany each bid. Failure of bidder
to make payment in full up»n allotment and
tender of bonds will be considered a cancel-
lation of the bid and forfeiture of the check
accompanying the same. The board reserves
the light to reject any and all bids. Bids
must be sealed and addressed to the Boar-l
of Control. Phoenix, Arizona, and marke t
"Proposals for purchase of Insane Asylum
Bond!*.**
DIVIDES- XOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Bulld-
lng Society, 5th fleer. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 708 Market st, opposite Third —
For the half yea- ending 31st of December.
1903. a dividend has been declared at tho
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent en
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 19O*. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. A dividend. No. 63, of fifty cents
(50c) per share on the issued capital stock of
the company has been declared, payable at
the office of the company, rooms 202. 2O» and
2V6. Haywafd building. San Francisco, ca
May 10. 1904. Transfer books close May 3.
1904, at noon. C. C. QUINN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND No. 9, 5 per cent, now due and pay-
able to depositors of Pacific Bank at 405 Mont-
gomery st. room 6. J. HOWARD BARNARD.
PROI'US_L_.
PROPOSALS for Hay and Oats. Office. Depot
Quartermaster, San Francisco, Cal., 36 New
Montgomery st. May C. 1904^ — Sealed proposals
in triplicate, subject to the usual conditions,
will be received here until 12 o'clock noon,
June 4, 1904. and then opened, for furnish-
ing and delivering at San Francisco. Cal..
Seattle. Wash., and Portland. Ore., thirty-
eight hundred and seventy-six (5S7t>) tons of
hay, fifty-six hundred and twelve (5612) tons
of oata. subject to an Increase or decrease of
25 Der" cent. United States reserves the
right to accept or reject any or all blda, or
any part thereof. Further Information and
blank proposals furnished' on application.
Envelopes containing proposals to be markeit
Proposals for Hay and Oata No. "UWT7" and
addressed to Major C. A. Devol, Q. M.. U. S.
Army, Depot Quartermaster.
TREASURY Department, office of the Super-
vising Architect Washington, D.' C, April
28. 1904— Seal proposals will be received
at this office nntil 3 o'clock d. m. on the
8th day of June, 1904. and then opened, for
the tanks, pumps, piping, etc.. for a crude
petroleum burning D— nt for the bollera in
the U. S. Postofflce. Courthouse, etc.. at
San Francisco. California, tn accordance
with the drawings and specification, copies
of which mar be had at this office or at
the office of the Superintendent at San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. at the discretion of the Super-
vising Architect. JAMES KNOX TAYLOR.
Supervising Architect
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks.
Wash., May 3. 1004 — Sealed procosals. in
triplicate, will be received here until • It
o'clock a. m.. June 2. 10O4. for fumishine
forage and beddtns at posts tn Alaska for
year ending June 30, 1905. Information fur-
nished 'here or by Quartermasters at poat3.
U. S. reserves th» right to reject or accept
any or all proposals or any part thereof.
Envelopes containing proposals should b«
marked. "Proposals for Forage ar_ Bed-
dins at " «nd addressed to. undatsigned.
F. O. HOPGSON. C. Q. M.
UNITED STATES Engineer Office. JTpod
Building, San Francisco. Cal- April 6. 1904.--
Sealed nroposals will be received here until
12. noon. May 7. 1904, for dredging In Peta-
luma Creek and Napa River. California. In-
formation on application. ¦ W. H- HEUS.
Lieutenant Colonel. Engineers.
¦3TTTT-T>nro l_.QyQ3ATift.'
BUILDING Proposals — Written propos*_ will
be received for removing certain work from
the upper stories of the Murphy building,
corner of Market and Jnafs sts. Speclflca-
tlow can bT obtained at REID BROS.', Claua
Spreckels building-
For Births, Marriages and Deaths Set
Pas© Fourteen.
_AUBrC— :_B ' POB H— BE. ;
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
«t.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Michaelis Launch Co.. Union-st wharf :boat-
Ing _ excursions. B Steuart st. ; tel. John 2688.
LOST AM) FOUND.
WILL gentleman who found small purse on j
seat of McAllister street car between 11 :30
and 12 p. m. Wednesday, May 4, on way
from Chutes kindly return to -widow, 3304
Seventeenth 6t. and receive reward.
LOST — About April £5, a white bull terrier
• with two black spots on each ear; answers
to name of Hector; suitable reward will be
paid for return. Apply subscription window.
Call business office.
$50 REWARD; diamond stud; lost near corner
Eddy and Powell sts., Monday. Return to
room 3CS. Adams House, 2*J Eddy St.; no
questions asked.
LOBT— Thursday, gold medal. Inscribed A. P.
P. B., on the front; It has also A. M. Car-
valho above the medal; reward. Return -53
Jackson at.
$25 REWARD; pair round cuff buttons, black
enameled. Inlaid with diamond stars. Palace
of Art. 16 Post st.
LOST— Diamond ring on Market, near 8th; $20
reward by returning to CHARLES THOMF-
SON. 225 Croeeley building.
LOST— A large yellow dog, Monday. Return
same to 1115 Folsom st. and receive reward.
JU—DICAU.
LADIES desiring cafe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me at once; my
methods are always safe, painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; no exorbitant feea.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
Curee guaranteed cr no pay; 17 years' ex-
perience in all female disorders; call or write
without delay; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 24arket St.. rooms 7 and S.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 820 Post it.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market st.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected : the unfortu-
nate helped; the moet difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
Drs. Goodwin. 73a Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5: 25 yrs. exper.
MR6. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premises. Is permanently located at 511A
Leaven worth ct.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
MATERNITY Villa — Secluded; confidential.
DR. EMILIA FL'NKE, 141« 8th et., Alameda.
LADIES' irregularities cured: IS years' ex.;
private. Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny st
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folsom St. corner
26th: ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
YOU can obtain relief; women only. DR. R.
H. WESTON, 305 Kearny st
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOA SAL_.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
T06H & WOLPMAN, 195-107 Fremont st.
_______________
Repair It with elaterlte: In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best fop new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st
ID-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, «haftlng, etc., etc., bought sold,
rented aci exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roof* with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to Eton ull leaks in the one and preserve the
new. 205 Frvnt st.; tel. Main 1423.
A— FINE suits. S7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23S Kearny st.
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, chaftlng, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Epear St.
CLOSING ont entire stock wood novelties and
fixtures below cost. R. DUNNING. ."57
Geary st.
FOR sale — 10,000 square feet of corrugated gal-
vanized iron and all kinds of building lumber
at 105 Steuart st-. near Mission.
FOR sale — 100 H. P. firebox marine boiler In
fine condition; cheap. Bay City Iron Works,
Oakland.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 60 hats, $1 60.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st, near
Pine; open to 8 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d tt.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
SHOW case, plate glass, 7 feet, cheap; cor-
ner front dentist's display case. 10 Mason st.
EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Baclgalupl.
moved to 786 Mission st.
FOR sale^ — Milch goat, 110; top buggy. $60; road
buggy. $15. 319 Third st.
EIX H. P. gas engines for sale. BAY CITY
IRON WORKS. Oakland.
GOOD brickmaking machine with 28 molds.
Chrl'tman Bros.J 11th _ St. James, San Jose.
SECOND-HAND safes. $55: CO-inch desk. $2T
RICHARDSON BROS.. 181C Market st.
GRAND imported tumbler pigeons (rollers),
cheap while they last. Wilson. 229 Stevenson.
PIPE, second-hand, all sizes; brass and Iron
fittings. THOMPSON, 40 Main st.
REFRIGERATORS, cooling-rooms built eco-
nornie. effective. 1511 19th ave., Sunset dist
IMPROVED Wood printing cresses, g&soline
engines. Boyer Machine Works. 46 Spear st.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; some
new; 16x16. 319 Third st.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on pecond-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montg'y.
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT fc AWNING CO..35 Mrkt.Tel.Bush >*58
BOOKS bought; libraries purchased. King's
Old Book* tore. «1 McAllister st
BARGAINS in fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN, 803 Hay ward bldg.
GASOLINE engines ' bought, sold, exchanged,
repaired. Eykes-Corson Co., 254 Beale st
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1320 Market st
SOME rood second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck _ Co.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures 1 , magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargain*. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st
SAFEP— New and second-band. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market st ¦*
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
aM *izes. J. E. DOAK. 4« Fremont «t.
.MISCKLLAXKOL'S WA3VT9.
INSURANCE agencies (every class of risk)
wanted by thoroughly competent real estate
agent; excellent references. Address E.
COWPER-THWAITE. Stockton.
CALIFORNIA Housewrecker Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will remove
the largest building In 10 days. .Office and
yard N. W. corner Mission and Tenth sts.
MORRIS gives hlgnest prices for ladies' and
gentn' casteff clothing; postal. 043 Folsom.
SHOES wanted: misfit _ castoff: highest prca.;
n»w A- ?rt-tmnd nhoen for gw.1*. 741) Mltmlon.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY^
eOl-fiOS-eOS Examiner Building.
• Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trukt,
. etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
. INTEREST 6H AND 6 PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on city. Oakland, town
and country real estate.
Second mortgages, estates In probate, undi-
vided Interests In real estate, property In
trust: loan* closed promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
107-8-0 CROCKER BUILDING,
POST AND MARKET STS. ,
A. A- DO YOU NEED MONEY? ? T
Loans on furniture and pianos without re-
moval; lewest rates and easiest plan In city;
don't hesitate to call: Information cheerfully
given; no publicity: reliable and square deal-
Ing. PEOPLE'S TRUST CO..
625 MARKET ST.. ROOM 462. PARROTT Bldg
SALARY LOANS — -- \
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 p-.irrott bldg.
"UKLI- WASTED— MAX—.
A— MURRAY & READY. C34-C3C Clay at.
• . . " . PHONT MAIN 5MS.
I>a_ng Employment and Labor Agents.
WE SPEAK
fPIVVIPH SWISS. FRENCH.
GERMAN! GREEK. ITALIAN.
' Your lare free. Look — Free fare.
• *. TO STATE OF NEVADA-
Jf you nay lour months. THAT'S ALL.
.V. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
2C5 iwo-horte teamsters. $60.
l.Vi jaborerj". you'll euit. $00.
S3 drillers, rockmen, hammersinen. $75.
.¦»;.*.".- boors' work; hundreds going.
IK* CALIFORNIA—
_S laborer*, big mine company. $75, $67 50.
1«> : muckers, goli quartz. $67 60.
".-. 'to farms, dairies, etc.
126" lanrv orchard and vineyard hands, all
ever California, t2T>, $26, $30. $35 and found.
35 rood teamsters. $2li, $30 and found,
"fcrf milkers located everywhere. $30. $35 f_
• •• .. ./¦ MECHANICAL. <
O .COCX><TS.
3 .tallymen, Ium!>er company. $3 a day.
A ! ... ;.>r: .:. t- <JlfT«T«H Jcbs
WoODCHOPPERS.
. 22N men to cut wood all r-.ver California.
.HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
IS cooks for hotels, saloons, mines, cafes,
ra^cfee* -and summer resorts. $30, $40, $50
ar.c $*> and found
3* waiters, different Jobs. *25. $30. $35 fJ.
l^'*dleh»-aiih«r«. $20, $25 and $30 and found,
o'cotel poner*. t2'\ 125 and found.
•• . LAUNDRYMEN.
.La«nCTm»n, city institution. $35 and found.
Carrlfgse painter; flicker hand, $4 a day.
BOYS. ,
32 b"ys, box factories, $*0.
I'ou*b>-cut' band sawyer, lumber company,
$5 .. day.
, .. jJURRAY - READY. 634-C36 Clay at.
__KCH hands; r>!aner hand.
Welder artf sticker hand; door molder.
«i rrtcDers. 0c barrel.
.'Gi'ng, edgerman, fare $1 2.1, $55 to $70 fd.
"..-.. SPECIAL.
£ riumbrrs. 8 hours, country. $4 day.
:>-p;ajsterers, 8 houm, country, $5 day.
.25 carronters. 6 hours, country. $3 50 day.
7 paperhangers. R hours, country. $4 day.
lO-pirirsteis. R hours, country $3 M day.
' MURRAY - READY. O4-C38 Clay st.
' . • • FREE FARE.
20 miners. ?2 CO to $3 day.
<* «in«r!e. gold quartx Bir.f, $67 50.
MV-'P.RAT _ R_ADY. C54 and 63G Clay st.
CIRCULAR sawyer, fawmlll, $100 found.
' Shingle packer, boss here. $40 found.
MURRAY & READY. C34 and 038 Clay st_
OWNERS
- . .THEY- ARE HERE.
25. single and double hand miners, $S2 60.
14 b_id mmrr*. S*2 50.
ALL GOOD GOLD MINES.
MURRAY _ READY. €34 and CC6 Clay et.
TiNFMJTHS. city. $3 to $4 day.
I«:acS«sin;Vi. no shoeing, fart? $1 25. $3 day.
Fam:er tnd wife. 6an Maleo Co.. $40 found.
Bcker and jmeu-y baker, hotel, rear city, $45
k«i found.
2 d<x>r Bidders. L. Co., bcus here, 60c, fare
\S2 M to $3.
Scrt-w turned S. C. Co.. $75
LAUNDRYMEN.
2 iryttker*. c&untrv, $lh week.
Second n;arker. country. J15 week.
Holifher. country, $15 week.
MURRAY - READY. C34 and C36 Clay st.
; . LATE S PEOIALS.
Pointer", eee toes here. $3 to $3 50 day; stick-
• , *'r hand*, country mill: blacksmith, country
stspp:*'JI beach hands, country planing mill;
2. former*, city institution. f2«.t and found.
MUKIfAY _ READY, C34 and _6 Clay St.
.£'.r>O*YS. work in machine shop. $4 week.
. ..•• 15 haymakers, $32 50 found.
C&rrtage painter, country.
rPtlr.ter, city. $3 50 day.
IJecond baker, exceptional gtxxj Job, $50 fd.
«r > ort«-r. city institution. $35 fouad.
V-lk»r. 25c fare, $C5 found.
l»6uile"-tree shaper and spindle shaper,$3 day.
•JJKkPr. 'city dairy. f4O found. •
• M.IT.R.AY & READY. 034 and C36 Gay et.
S HORFESHOEP.S, city and country, $4 day.
Carriage painter, fare $1 50. plain work, $3 60
«lav.
' "* - LOOK!
- • Cook and baker, south, fare $4. $12 week.
OCarhman. $30 «nd found.
Is-;., bread baker, fere $1 50 $40 and fd.
.Oake baker Fresno. $15 to J20 week.
Pfas»erer, fare 30c, $6 day.
* M.URRAY & READY, €34-636 Clay st.
£EfX>Nt> .baker, bread, Santa Cruz. $35 found.
;"Fortfr. nret-c!a£o city hotel. $25 found.
B.iftter-in_ter. chweerr.aker. $40 and found.
Bricklayer. Fin Mateo County. $6 day.
* German baker's helper. $25 and found.
•' '- ' LOOK!
Qit-»cff aaryer $2 25 day.
look:
, . ' • specials.
. 2.. p_ntprs, plain work, fare 30c, $05 and f d.
2. horseshoers. camp. 50c. $3.
.2. tWacksmith helpers. 25c Jares. $2 50 day.
2 "J-pooitendecs. lumber company, $50 found.
"Khingte packer; machinist, country factory.
Jrfdfcy; 10 fiortcrx. hotels, saloons. $20 to $35
and 'found; 15 haymakers, fare $1; f 1 25 day;
15 laborers, cold mine, $67 50.
MURRAY _ READY, C34-636 Clay St.
2 DOGGERS for mill, boss here.
?crew Turner, Prescott, eteam swift mill.
Sawyer, pine. Mill Hill, nigirer »urf rig band.
Kdrerman, fare $1 «O. $45 and found.
BlfLCkrmUh helper, Alameda County. $2 to
12 50 day. '
Young n_n drive milk wagon. $25 and found.
Man understands pipe insulating, asbestos,
J2 50 to $2 75 day.
il&ch'.nJst. lathe hand. $3 <Ji$\
4 ehtnglere, f 1 per 1000, 65c fare.
5 carpenters. 5Gc fare. $3 day.
Porter and -bartender, country hotel, fare
51 50, $30 ar.d found.
15 HAYMAKERS.
$1 25 to $1 50 day and found.
. MURRAY & READY. 634-6S6 Clay st.
AT THE OAL. EMP. AGENCY.
. 14 Thirt St.. near Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
ZaIK STATE OF .VEVADA.
CHEAP FARE — REFL'NDED.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
jJ t*_reters. $U7 50 a month.
rS laborers, $C0 a month.
lo-erillers, rockraen, hamraerenen, $75.
. T.1h*r: to cut* pine wood. 4 feet. $1 25 a cori.
POP. THE SAWMILLS.
- 4 'jjTr.b^r p:iers, £3 a day. ship to-day.
? !urat*r pil»r» *_d yardmen. $35 month aii1
r- bosrfi.' American preferred.
"' 4. rr.::» han<!*, f35 a month and board.
.'¦.." CAL B!P. AGENCY. 14 Third *?..
_#_, '.
£X&-RXl_kCJ_) window trimmer and card
wr'.t'T.' t'-'t week; shoe salesman, country'.
— £\~ r^> sMck and commission; 2 farmtrs *ni
." "Tires J47 50 and t50 and found; butter-
¦': s .:¦ and found: makers. $30 and $35
fc:"c (bawd: farmer*. *1 25 day and board;
" tObbiOf- b'.ackeicith and shoer. $2 day and
boartf; 2 w'ogor.maker*. $2 M> and Z3 «l*y;
Llflneu_n; machine men, $3 day; cook, ccur.-
*• try" hotel. $:<0; cook, boarding-house. $40:
foing. rcen to assist in dining-room; pantry-
••rc»a ' $20 ar.d found: waiters, dishwashers
*«ncr ".other*. J. F. CROt-ETT _ CO., «28
(¦^•r.ra.merto it. r*.
A-Zr-.V-fHACTORS 1 EMPLOTa'NT AGENCf,
C3T> Washington st.- Phone James 3301.
We shir, dally to Nevada. Government ditch
»Tnrk. s hours, laborers, rockmen, teamsters,
1 tj. to $2 25 <lay. cheap far*: 4 plow team-
¦CtfR. ncrth.' cheap fare. $30 ffl.: 8 wood-
•¦¦*-:; f,r re. long Jub. $1 75 cord, cheap fare:
•»»«-jwrlgh(. r_ioh. no tools necessary. $*0
?<V : rn.rir.iigr r>_r:t<*r, rtriper ar.d vamisher.
• '?:: .V^lay r?h*-.aj> fare; t^—netears. new elec-
. trfC It. R*. rref far*. $2 <_y; 2 solicitors.
"¦Ilifl j anrf coir.sjifeion; boys, eash and door
i factory. $1 23 to $1 5Q day. rh^ap fare: .nti
Che* jc!b«. ' L. H - CUTTING & CO.
- GERMAN or Frrnrh young man for Indoor
•r.'r* : -T'l-.vate family: $25. board and room:
f»f«7<?n'-eiF. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter
_»*'/!. ceaf Powell.
A •TIOTTVG man as orderly In a school: $35,
boarii and mom: rf'er*»nce»: see party here
• *:o-<lay. MIKS PL.T.*NKETTE, 423 Eutter »t..
" nj-ar ' Powell.
X I3AKER for an institution; $35. board and
rqq_! «.w? party h*re to-day. MIKR PLUNK-
• .g-'Wa. 425 gutter ft., near PcwelK
. -•'-¦AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY,
W> THJRD FT. Telephone Main 6521.
' NEVADA. VEVADA. NEVADA. 1
• E. Government Work. Cheap Fare. 8 Hours.
¦ ">• attsters $2 25. Laborers $2
' '¦•".\>m tunsel Cal.: 12 50- $2 75: free fare.
T^bcrcr*. tunnel Cal.; $2; free fare.
• Sanch hands. £oncma Cour.ty; steady work.
I •xr«r» Kanta Cru* ; piece work.
Ki'lrtad teamsters, Cal.: $225; long Job.
__ ' HORD _ SMITJfL
53 HToSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCT.
' * C02 Clay et.; phone James 24<<5.
yi'.TP TO-PAY SHIP TO-DAY
•XEW RAILROAD WORK— NORTH.
¦^Varaater* $2 25 day
-^eh^rs *2 day
Raacb h»nd». Yolo Co., $3ft month and beard.
1 ' k ~<.-«*-tn«k«T. Sacramento Co., $40 tno.. board.
i'l'k^r, near city. $^5 month and board.
*>-ams wanted railroad crade work.
• I?ED »!:RORS "EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
6C2 Clay et.. Near Montgomery.
A- HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
JTfl ter for help's hall. $30; bellboy. $10;
_^.vjT.iiryman for hotel, this city. $40.
•* -f~N ana wire. $60. Apply to MRS. NOK-
_^>y. Si^. Saner «t.
tAP.fen— First class: Saturday and Sunday;
College ram need apply. 603 Kearny
r:i:FT;r LA g<j young barber for Saturday and
_gg_tar. Son Mission st.
Tcj.nr man over 1« for lawyer's of-
- " r "- A? A. rrtnSDLAXPEB, Croseley bldg.
erKHJLMAJ* wanted. Royal Taliortas; Co.,
<"3 Geary et. . *
HEAL E^ATE^CITy--FOIt SALE.
GRAND
AUCTION SALE
AND EXCURSION
TO
SANTA CRUZ SANTA CRUZ
THE QUEEN OF AMERICAN WATERINO
PLACES.
SATURDAY. MAY 7. 1904.
SATURDAY, MAY 7. 1904.
300 HOMESTEAD AND VILLA LOTS 300
THE MOST IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE
OF THE SEASON. .
$3 00 ROUND TRIP TICKET ' $J 00
*3 00 ROUND TRIP TICKET $3 00
GOOD TO RETURN SUNDAY.
NEW SANTA CRUZ. <l
Improvements which will involve an expendi-
ture of about $250,000 are now under way,
and with the opening of the season of 1904
the tourist and pleasure steker to this beau-
tiful resort slace will witness such a trans-
formation of the bathing beach as will fur-
nish wonderment to the mind and delight
to the eyes and senses.
We will offer at this sale that beautiful prop-
erty known as the
COTTAGE CITY TRACT
consisting of
300 SUPERB AND SIGHTLY BUn_>INO
LOTS 300
Fronting on the San Lorenzo River, command-
Ing a panoramic view of Monterey Bay, th?
city of Santa Crux and adjacent' to the new
and magnificent Cottage and Tent City.
Lots 30 to CO feet frontage by 120 deep to a
15-foot alley; lots level — on grade; streets
sewered: water pipes in and all ready to
build on.
The nroDerty la on high land and borders on
both the San Lorenzo River and the Bay
of Monterey and from which magnificent
vistas can be obtained of mountain, ocean
and forest scenery.
These beautiful lots are wjthln from five to
right minutes' walk of 'the great bathing
ostabllshmont and adjoin SeabriKht Park.
Tha Santa Cruz and Capitola electric line runs
through the tract, fifteen minutes ride
bringing one to Capitola, while on the other
hand ten minutes' ride will enable one to
reach the heart of the city of Santa Crua.
SeabrUht depot, located en the S. P. Com-
pany's line is within three minutes' ¦ walk,
while the beautiful Twin Lakes lie but a
short distance to the east.
SPECIAL EXCURSION TRAINS.
SPECIAL EXCURSION TRAINS.
From From Third and Townsend street de-
pot. San Francisco, Saturday, May 7, 1904, at
7:30 a. m.
From Fourteenth and Webster streets, Oak-
land, at 7:45 a. m.
. From Park street. Alameda, 8:20 a. m.
Returning, sneclal trains will leave Santa
Cruz May 7, as follows:
Via broadgauge and Pajaro at 4:15 p. m.
Vfa narrowgauge and Lcs Gatos at 4:20 p.m.
Excursion tickets will also be good return-
Ing on any regular broad or narrow gauge.
Sunday, May 8.
The round trip rate from San Francisco,
Oakland or Alameda will be Three Dollars ($3).
From San Jose tb»> rate will be $1 75 and pro-
portionately low rates from intermediates will
be announced. '
LUNCH CN THE GROUNDS.
Arrangements have been made whereby the
ladles of the East Santa Cruz Improvement
Sotlety will provide a fine lunch In the open
and for which they will charge a moderate
sum.
For macs and full particulars apply to.
BALDWIN & HOWELL
25 POST STREET.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
C3S MARKET ST.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
TUESDAY MAY 10, 1904
At our salesrooms at 12 o'clock noon.
DOWNTOWN CORNER.
Northeast corner of Pine and Jones at.; lot
43xS2:«: Nos. 1C0S Pine and 1004 Jones St.;
improvement* consist of large frame building
containing 22 rooms, including furniture, etc.,
leased for 5 years at a monthly rental of $210;
also a substantial residence containing 11
rooms and hath renting for $50 per month,
leased for one year. This property will be
sold to close an estate; price will be subject
to the confirmation of the Probate Court.
MASON-STREET INVESTMENT.
No. 508 Mason et.. 82 feet north of Post.;
improvements consist of 2-story dwelling, con-
sisting of 7 rooms and bath and renting for
$50. per month; water payable by tenant:
mortgage of $3000 at 6 per cent: could obtain
3 times this amount. This property is partic-
ularly valuable, being immediately adjacent
to the corner.
BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
S.E. corner of Page and Lyon sU.; lot 35x
10O feet; Improvements consist of a modern
3-story building, consisting of 2 spacious
stores and 2 modern flats containing S-9 rooms,
porcelain baths, finished attic, etc.; perma-
nently rented for $180 per month.
SEVENTH-STREET INVESTMENT.
Nos. 316-316% Seventh st., SE. of
Folsom ot.; Improvements consist of 2 very
fine ltats of 8-4 rooms; rent $30 per month;
property in close proximity to the new Post-
offlce.
DOWN-TOWN BUILDING LOT.
N. line of Fulton st.. 150 west of Larkin:
lot 25x120 feet, through to Ash ave.; this Is an
exceptionally desirable site, being absolutely
level and In the business vicinity. It would
be a particularly choice location for the erec-
tion of stores and flats, being only one-quar-
ter of a block from the New City Hall; mort-
gage of $!}000 can remain
MISSION COTTAGE.
No. 4033 19th St.. near- Hartford; a new
modern cottage containing 5 rooms, porcelain
bath, patent flush toilet, open plumbing.
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
Let- on the west line of Chenery st., 175
feet N. of Randall; lot 25x125 feet.
MISSION CORNER.
S.E. corner of 10th and Sanchez sts.; ex-
tremely large lots, 57x105 feet; stores and
flats erected on this property could be made
to pay handsomely.
MISSION FLATS.
Nos. 64-66 Sycamore ave.. bet. 17th and 18th
sts.. east of Valencia: lot 26x100; improve-
ments consist of 2 very fine flats of 4-5 rooms
each; rents $30 per month.
DOWN-TOWN COTTAGE.
Northerly line of Valparaiso st.. feet
east of Taylor; lot 23x00; Improvement con-
sist of a cottage of 6 rooms, renting for $15
per month.
TEHAMA-STREET FLATS.
No. 440-42 Tehama St., west of 5th St.; Im-
provements two very fine flats of 5-6 rooms and
bath, renting for $45 per month. This Is a
safe investment and should be taken advan-
tage of. For further particulars, apply to
KASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET ST.
COMPULSORY PARTITION BALE.
Grand marine view lots, $1250 and upward,
on Green. Baker and Union sts.
One-third less than adjoining lots are selling
for. Lots are selling fast.
Streets sewered and all lots on the grade.
Rlcht on car line and In Improving neigh-
borhood. I
Peremptory offering. Easy terms if desired.
O. H. FERGUSON. •
400 California st. Tel. Exchange 409.
$1.25 PER WEEK, no Interest. Lots In th»
Excelsior Homestead Tract: all level; no
grading to do; ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J.. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St., room 5.
REMOVAL NOTICE.
The office of the Jacob Heyman Company has
been removed to office of OSCAR HEYMAN.
• 14 Post st. *
BUILD your unimproved realty; we loan full
rest Improv. and part lot at 6%. MANHAT.
TAN.SAVTNOS BANK. Crocker building.
2931-35-37 PIERCE St.— Lot 50x112:6: will sell
for cash. Address box I860. Call office.
ALL work guaranteed first class *iy ALH-
BACH _ MAYER. Plumbers. 838 Howard «t-
CHEAPEST and best In America — T^je Weekly
: Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1,
¦ postage -paid.
POINT RICHMOyp _ REAL ESTATE.
LAST chance— $5 monthly; lots any tract: first
price, first .choice; near sites bought for fac-
torleg. etc. A. W. BELL. 211 Montgy.. S. F.
REAL ESTATE WASTED.
A FINE ten-acre orange grove in full bear-
Ing: some of the finest oranges In California:
to exchange for Oakland or San : Francisco
property. ¦ P. C. LASSEN & CO., 466 Tenth
St., Oakland. Cal. -•¦•.¦.•¦'¦
A — APARTMENT house downtown; 150 rooms,
with bath; also tiO-room lodging-house, close
v in. low rent to desirable tenant.- SPECK &
CO.. 209 Montgomery et.
MOXEY TO LOAN— Contlnyed.
~~WIL_"~LOANi
A reasonable amount oa
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country. -w
Low rate of Interest. / '
Give full particulars
of property or- chattel-
Location, etc.
Box 40S. Call office.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly* confidential. National
Credit Co.. _ Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
• liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upstair*), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484. t , ¦ .
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry. Eealskiu*
and valuables; our fireproof vault is protect-
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 2.'. Stocktontphone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retafl mer-
chants, teameters. boarding-bouses, without
security; easy pay men ta. large business In
48 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bid.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
»t. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
I AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privaey;no eommi*slon;installments accepted.
BONELLI, 3C1 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery at., rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low interest: gold,' silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 811. Mutual Sav Bk.
bid.; Oakland office, 1103'^ Brdwy.. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave., J
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method— To wage earners on unln-
dersed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furnl- '
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S. F,
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldf.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton bU
4 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 70S Market st.
I 1 ,; per cent on furniture and planes; no com.
charged. ELFVING. 616 Hearst bldg.. Ex. ent.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indoruer. MORELL. CO!) Examiner building.
MrSlCAXi ISSTKtMKSTS.
A FEW BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
One ErurJ; nice condition {50
One English Le Blond; good order $75
One Sterling; cost $325; new $105
One Lelns. walnut case; fine order $175
On«. Chickering; mahogany case $250
One Knabe, ueed one year, latest style; one
Steinway. used 2 years, latest style; one
Voi>e mahogany case, used 8 months; also 1
new piano, mahogany case, three strings, lat-
est style, upright grand, $147 50.
$H) Squares $10.
Emerson, Kurtzman, Cummlngs, Hallet'& Da-
vis Steinway, Kvanich & Bach, Halnes and 40
others from $10 up; easy payments — guaran-
teed. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 OFarrell.
PIANOS for rent; $3 per month: "the largest
and best stock In San Francisco to select
from; pianos from $30 upward; our line the
best our prices the lowest. SCOTT CURTaZ
PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayes at.
RENTING is our specialty; $2 up; apply en
purchase; Installments $4 up. HEINQ
PIANO CO.. 235-207 Geary st.; Oakland. 1252
Broadway^
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos,
$25: uprights. $100 up; organs, $25. BYRON
MAUZY. 303 Pf»t fct.
IF you want bargains come now; pianos almost
given away. HORNUNG, 210 McAllister st.
$165— STEINWAY upright: private party: no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ _ CO., 16 McAllister St.
3-PEDAL Steinway up: Chickering baby grand;
Shonlnger, llttie used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farretl.
SOHMER. Byron JIauzy pianos. Cecllian piano
player BYRON MAUZY 30S-312 Post tt.
OFFICES AND STORKS TO LET.
DENTISTS office for rent; $20; established;
common reception-room with physician. 1508
Market st.
FINE hall for lodges, meetings, etc. ;1 to 4 times
a week; cheap. Room C, Odd Fellows' bldg.
FOLSOM. 035— Large, airy store; well lighted;
aleo 3 large rooms; yard; will lease.
PEIISOXALS.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed by the use of
"STENZIE," the most wonderful and ef-
fective dermatologlcal preparation ever placed
before the public; will remove permanently
any growth of hair that can be presented;
will not Injure the most delicate skin; demon-
stration free. Mrs. E.G.Henderson,326A EHls.
A fresh, smooth and young looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forget the name. M. ELLA HARRIS.
The num.ber, 7S1 O'Farrell St.. near Larkin.
Call or write fcr book, free,
"Hints on Beauty."
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
prove* its growth,' stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
- rleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk.
A — MICROTINE. a positive cure for catarrh,
cold in the head, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections; send for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 9th.
ATTENTION — Cut this out; superfluous hair,
moles, warts killed by absorption; $1; per-
manent. B. ST. JOHN, hair, face specialist.
d31 Sutter ?t. .
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured by
rkilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
A FINE suit to order on easy installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT lets than cost; uncalled for eu!ts. overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' . London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or. write. DR.
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell at.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugi dis-
eases positively* cured by Willow Bark Co.,
' 812 Shotwell; consultation free; call or write.
"VITAL Ring" cures weak men; $2 50, po.it
paid, DR. BURNARD & CO.. 140 Geary. 8.F.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS _ CO. (Inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Travers. 1170 Market.
Actlna restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524*19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 3C9 Sut-
ter, r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. Trigs;
country.orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60;. dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptlon Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color. $1: at all druggists'.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
IB pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
PALMISTRY. 3
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 518
Taylor tt.. near Geary. Phnne Black B61.
* - PATEKTS. '
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AND SUK«_O.Y«.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021% Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st. .
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past- four years at 116-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St., near Leavenwortb.
DH TONG , PO • CHY. auccessor to Dr. Li Po
Tal.herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
' by use of herbs and teas. "727 Washington st.
WONG WOO the famous herb doctor — All dls-
fas>» cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay, st.
PROPERTY WANTED. \
I WISH to purchase two land warrants of 160
acres each.' ¦ Address box 1970, Call office. -OAKLAND. May 5. — The City
Council to-night resumed the in
quiry Into the valuation of the Con
tra^ Costa* Water- Company's plant,
looking .toward the annual fixing of
water rates. "After two hours • of dis
cussion Engineer A. L. Adams, repre
senting the company, was requested to
furnish a schedule of .value,- showing
the. company's estimate upon all that
portion of its plant required to supply
Oakland with water. Engineer
Adams said he would base his valua
tions upon; the original cost of the
plant, plus. increase by reason of real
estate, water rights and"other incre
ments. The hearing was continued for
a week • •
Council Begins Water Inquiry.
Hereafter "open shop" signs will be
displayed . in all horseshoeing shops
throughout the city. . The Master
.Horseshoers' Association has tri
umphed over the union and no more
union labels will be seen in the various
shops of the city.
Another assessment of 25 cents a
week- has been placed on. members of
the *bhlp and machine blacksmiths to
aid the strikers of Stockton.
The Stewards' Union end the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company have come
to terms. The former will now receive
a raise of $5 a month.
International President Mahon re
turned to this city yesterday from Oak
land and had a talk with the members
of the Carmen's Union. He will visit
many, of the cities pf the State before
returning; to Detroit.
Master Horseshoers' Assoriatlbn Will
Xot Itccognlzc the Union Any
Longer.
"OPEX SHOP*' SIGXS" WlIJi
HEREiUTER' BE DISPLAYED
SAX DIEGO, May ; 5. — Governor
Pardee and Professor ',Y. E. Ritter,
representing the State university,
and the directors of the San
Diego Biological Association, were
in' consultation . to-day on the
matter of the relationship which the
association and its biological station
or school here uhall have to the uni
versity. The agreement was practi
cally reached that for three years the
school should be an affiliated school,
at the end of which time it shall, be
incorporated as a part of the institu
tion at Berkeley.
Governor and Professor Hitter. Confer
With Association Directors in
San Diego.
UNIVERSITY TO HAVE
A BIOLOGICAL. SCHOOL,
DES MOINES, Iowa, May 5.— Witrf
a satisfactory readjustment of the dif
ficulties between employing plumbers
and journeymen plumbers, by which
fifty men resumed work to-day, it is
announced that the big strike, involv
ing 3500 laboring men In Des Moines,
is practically at an end. Both sides
made concessions. /
I>cs Moines Strike Is at nn End.
HONOLULU. May 5.— On the Wal
pahu plantation last Monday 1600 Jap
anese went on a strike demanding the
removal of the head foreman. Rioting
was threatened, but the Honolulu police
preserved peace. The foreman.V who
was charged by the Japanese with con
ducting gambling games and coercing
the laborers to patronize raffles, has re
signed and the strikers returned to
work to-day.
Secure Removal of Foreman.
Quit Work on AVaipalm Plantation, to
JAPANESE LABORERS STRIKE.
Mrs. Julie Dcplerre (owner) with George
Eber (contractor), architects Righetti &Kuhl —
Carpenter, tinning, plastering, glazing, hard
ware, electrical wcrk (plumbing excepted). for
a three-stiry frame building (flat.*) on N\V
corner of Oak and Fillmore streets, 35 on Oak
by 100 on FiUmorr; $12,800.
Same owner with Bopcus Bros, (contractors),
architect same — I'lumbing, sewering and gas
ntting. also tiling, for same on. same; $1COO.
Angelo J. Rossi (owner) with George Eber
(contractor), architects , P. Righetti and 11.
Kuhl — Carpenter and mill work, plastering,
glazlnft. hardware, brick, . marble nnd mosaic
work for a three-story frame building (three
flair) on N line of Post street. .192:0 E of
Stelner. 27:6 by 137:6; $7525. .
Sophie E.Lalne (owner) . with . F. H. Barnes
(contractor), architect — All work for a
three-story frame building on SE corner of
I^rkin and Greenwich streets, S 62:0 by E 50;
$12,C0«i. .-¦¦_¦, ¦' .
Benjamin Mayers (owner) tilth Chesnry &
Dumford and G. C. Sweeney ¦ (contractors) —
Two building contracts on N Ilne : of Bush
street. 110 E of Scott, E 27:6 by X 137:6: S .
game owner with It. Zelinsky (con
tractor), same architect — Painting, varnish-
Ing and lincrusta work for same on same;
*1.V.2.
Same owner with- T. J. Healy & Son (con
tractors), same architect — Plumbing, '¦ ga»-nt
ting, draining and sewering for same on same;
$1800.
John M. and Ellen C. Burnett (owners) with
Charles X. Hancock (contractor), architects
Mahoney & Ryiand— All work except plumbing
and palntinc for a three-story frame building
(three flats) on w line of Spruce street. Hf:su
N of Sacramento, N 25 by W 137:3; J0775.
II. B. Angell (owner)' with S. II. Robinson
(contractor), architect Charles J. Rousseau — All
work except mantels, gas fixtures and shades
for a three-story and basement frame building
(flat?) on W line of Howard street. 75 S of
Eighteenth, S 25 by W 97:6, M. B. 61; $7725.
Albert Hansen (owner) with William UVgp
ler (contractor), August Xordln architect — All
work excect furnishing of mill work, plumb
ing, gas fitting, draining, painting, furnishing
of mnnte!«, rhados and licht fixtures for a
three-story frame building on E line of Stelner
street.- £5 X of Post. E 110 by X 55; $10,845.
Julius E. Peters to Marie A. Peters, lot on
E Una of Lotta Ftreet, 100 S of Parnassus, S
25 by E 101, lot 10, block C, Sunset Height*;
$1500.
George F. Lyon to Clara J. Kent (wife of
W. H.). lot on E line of Ettinyan street, 60:2
8 of Haves, 8 25:1. E 00:0»i, N 25, W 92:1,
lot 3. block 8, subdivision 1, Clarendon
Heights; flO.
John McXlcoll to August and Marie Heym,
lot on SW" line of Concord street (Ban Bruno),
1R6:« SE of Telegraph. SE 120 by RW 00, lots
104 and 105, Bernal Homestead; $10.
Crocker Estate Company to Southern Paclflo
Company, right of way, etc.; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
William and C. T. Nlcol to Albert Schnltzer,
lot 12, block 11, Sunnyvale Homestead Associa
tion; $10.
Cornelia M. Bacon to same, lot 13 block 11,
same: $10.
South San Francisco Dock Company to John
E. Miller, lot 10. block ?14, South San Fran
cisco Homestoad and Raildoad Association; $25.
Teresa I. Fett to Vincent K. Butler, lot on E
line of South Broderick street, 146:83i S of
Duboce avenue (Thirteenth), S 27 by E 100;
$10.
Margaret Hollowbush (wife of Henry, for
merly Boyd. formerly Anderson) to Jean McG.
Boyd. estate of Alexander Boyd;' valuable con
sideration. .
Henry Hollowbush to same; estate of Alex
ander Boyd; valuable consideration.
¦ Same to Salvatore COzzo. lot on W line of
Folsom street and SW of Preclta avenue NW
65, SW 29.42, E to Folsom, X 21 :6, lot 1, Ducas
Tract. Preclta Valley. 114 to 118; $10.
Same to Antonio Vallelunga. lot on W Una
of Folsom street. 21:6 S or Preclta avenue, S
21 :C. W 75, X 7.331,4. XE 22.08%, E 70, lot 1,
same; $10.
also lot on X line of Fulton etreet, 107:8 E of
Forty-seventh avenue, E 25 by N 100; $1860.
George D. Edwards to Mabry McMahan, lot
on XW corner of Twenty-second avenue and Q
street, W 1«2:8, NE 6C0, E 150:2. S 600, quit
claim deed; $5.
Mary y.. and George J. Bucknall to ! same,
same; $10.
S. Durns Company to Antonio and Antonnla
Battagalla. lot on SW line of Precita avenue,
140 XW of Folsom XW 25 by SW 75 lot B,
Ducas Tract. Preclta Valley, 114 to 118; ?10.
TRINIDAD, Colo., May 5.— William
Maher, who is in charge of the coal
miners' strike in this district in the
absence of W. R. Fairley, to-day re
ceived a letter from President John
Mitchell of the United Mine Workers
of America, stating that it was the
sense of the recent meeting of the ex
ecutive board at Indianapolis that the
strike in district 15 should continue
and that financial aid will be sent from
the national treasury as heretofore.
STRIKE TO BE CONTINUED.
Colorado Miners Receive Orders From
Executive Officers to Hold Out.
Xew Engines for Southern Pacific.
PORTLAND, Or.. May 5. — Julius
Kruttschnitt left this city for San
Francisco to-night, after having spent
several days In examining the Harri
man lines In Oregon. Relative to the
trouble along the Southern Pacific
line last year owing to lack of motive
power, Mr. Kruttschnitt stated that
there would be no shortage this year.
He says 130 engines have been or
dered for the Southern Pacific, of
•which forty have been already deliv
ered, and the remainder will be de
livered by August 1.
Estate of Adolph Sutro (by Emma L. Merrltt,
executrix) to P.- Sweed, lot on N line of Fulton
«D) street. R2:« W of Forty-sixth avenue, W
25 by X 100: also lot on N line of Fulton (Dj
street. 57:6 W of Forty-sixth avenue. W 25 by
X 100,- also lot on X line of Fulton etreet. 32:6
W of Forty-sixth avenue, W 25 by X 100; also
let on X line of C street.- 107:6. E of Forty-
Beventh avenue. E 25 by S 100: also lot on S
line of C street. S2:6 E of Forty-seventh ave
nue. E 25 by S 100; $27«O. , •¦.-¦>
• Earoe to Clinton Day. lot on X lino of Fulton
(D) Etreet. 57:0 E of Forty-seventh avenue E
25 by X 100; also lot on X line of Fulton street,
82:6 E of Forty-seventh avenue, E 25 by x 100;
City and, County of San Francisco to Oscar
Heyman. lot on W line of Xlneteenth avenue,
100 X of Point Lobo*. X C5 by W 75: $ . .
H^nry G. and Estelle Meyer to Elizabeth
Johnson (wife of Philip) nnd Margaret Maekey.
lot on N line cf Point Ixibos avenue. /C6:l E of
Tw*nty-ninth. NW M0, E 88:4, SE to point
125 NW of Point Loboj avenue, W 78, SE to
Point Lobos avenue, W 10:7: $10.
Albert and Charlotta Wllford to George H.
Sml«h. lot on E line of Seventh avenue. 185 X
cf Fulton <D) street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
John C. nrickell to Mary Jones, Jot on X line
of Lake street. .T2:6 W of Twenty-sixth avenue,
W 25 by N 100: $10.
Pallas N. and Mamie C. Aehley to Chris
tiana Cunco. lot on E line of Twenty? second
avenue 200 X of Clement street, X 25 by E
120: $10.
Estate of Georire F. Sharp (by executor) to
same, same; $12,000.
Golden Gate Syndicate to sane, same, quit
claim deed; flO.
John G. Cook to Lara Larsen. lot on 8 line
of McAllister etreet. ieS:9 E of Devlaadero E
27 :« by 8 137:6; $10.
Julia Jaegelmg to J. J. Darrell and Edwin
Salomon, lot on S line of Page street 50 W of
Lyon, W 3 ly S 110; $10.
Balrd Estate t'a corporation) to Thomas J.
Rowan, lot on N line of Halght street. 9.3:9 W
of Central avenue. W 25 by X 100; $10.
Calvert A. and Ellen M. Mead to Emellne
L. Bates, lot on N line of Sacramento street,
137:6 W of Locust, "W 75 by N 127:8Vi; S10.
Josephine C. Turrell to Joseph Lanle. lot on
¦W line of Hoff avenue, 272 S of Sixteenth
street. S 22:8 by W !«:«. quitclaim deed; $1.
Ilal A. (or Henry A.) Curtis to Columbian
Banking- Company, lot on S line of Fourteenth
street. 75 E of Folsom. E 25 by S 100, and
lot on E line of Alabama street, 140 S of
Twenty-fifth, S 30 by E 100; $10.
William and Annie Hill to Robert H. Tounj,
lot on W line of Hardy street, 210 N of Seven
teenth. N 25 by W 80; $10..
Svlvaln J. Lazarus to Rosaline Lazarus, un
divided one-half Interest In lot on NE corner
of Fourteenth and Walter streets, N 93 by E
60; gtiu . .¦>/.-. :•-. .
A. P. Hctallnc Sc Co. (corporation) to Charles
M. Volkroan, lot on X line of Jackson street,
90 W of Baneome. W SS by N 60; $10.
Leila E. Burg«ss to A. W. Johnson, lot on
NW- corner of Montgomery and Greenwich
streets. X 32:6. W 40:6. X 30. W 22, 8 62:0,
E 02:6. also lot on W corner of Twenty-first
avenue and L street, SW 20O to Twenty-second
and Railroad ai'cnues, N to Twenty-first ave
nue, SK to beginning:, being lot 8. block 421,
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association, also lot on SW line of Thirteenth
avenue. 75 NW of J etreet. NW 25 by SW 100.
lot 2. block 2C9, rame, also mortgage Interest
In 1172 M. 317. lots 2521, 2522, 2523. 2535 to
2539, gift map Xo. 4. and all Interest In the
estate of Francis H. Page. 26.649; $10.
Flora B. Phetteplace to same, undivided
one-tenth Interest In same; $10.
¦Warren R. and Theodore F. Payne to Will
lam Edwards and J. F. Connolly, commencing
48 N of Pine street and 57:6 E of St. Marys,
E 2:6 by X 24, quitclaim deed; $1.
Francisco Fopplano to John Fopplano et al.,
lot on E line of Stockton street, fl2:C S of
Lombard. S 25 by E K0 and all Interest In
Wells court, and lot • on E lin» of Mission
street. SCO X of Virginia, X 30 by E 183:6
(re-record D. 272): gift.
Mirhcle G. and Antolne Tonlnl to Clara
H. Wise. lot on H line of Jarkson street, 206:3
E of Taylor. E 22:11 by S 1.17:6: $10.
Thomas J. Harbour to Harriet C. Alexander
ot al.. lot on S line of Sacramento etreet, 70:6
W of Taylor. W SC by S 90; $10.
Benjamin Richardson to L. 8. B. Sawyer lot
on IV line of Hyde street, 74 E of Post, S 20 by
W 56; $10.
Ida Cervelll to Raffaello Cervelll. lot on SB
corner of Buchanan and Lombard streets 12
Sl:3 by S CO; $10.
James W. Farrell to Michael and Ellen Dow
ney, lot on N line of Oalc street. 127:6 W of
FlUmore, W 25 by N 137:6; 810.
Mocora Sharp to Ira W. Coburn, lot on W
line cf Pillmore street. 137 :fl S of Hermann, W
1ST .-6,' S 7»:2Vs. K 13S:3. N 91. quitclaim
deed; $5.
Ecn.a to Ellen A. llooney, lot on S line of
Geary street. 192:6 W of Gougb. W 27:6 by S
120; $ .
Same to Joseph Cayere, lot on S line of Post
street. 180:5 \V of Octavia, W 25:10 by 8
120; J .
Caroline B. Wlrt* to H. W. Hlgglns, lot on
S line of Ellis street, IBS E of Polk, E 27:6 by
B 120; $10.
City and County of 6an Francisco to Charles
E. Parks, lot on NE corner of O'Farrell and
Goueh etrwts. E 27 :« by ft 120; I .
Same to Berthe LJpmao, lot on N tins of
Grove street, J92:C W of Franklin, W 55 by N
CS:1»; t .
Sane to Marrarci O Grennan. lot on NE cor
ner of Fell and Octavla streets. E 137:6 X 70.
"\V 27 :U. X 60. W 110, B 120; $ .
THUR6DAT. MAT 6.
RZAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TOPEKA, .Kan.. May 6.— Up to this
time the indications are that the Santa
Fe is ahead in the contest with the In
ternational Association of . Machinists
regarding the strike on the system.
None' of the engines of the company
have been injured and the only delay
to trains has been caused by the rains.
Within forty-eight hours the ma
chinists will submit a proposition to the
management of the road for a settle
ment of the strike. They will not in
sist on a closed shop, according to the
statement of Third Vice . President
Buckalew, but want a definite con
tract with the road after the fashion
of those held by the engineers, firemen
and others. ;¦-'•'-•
Reports from various points along
the system indicate that some of the
strikers are going. back. to work. -At
Emporia the president of the local
union has deserted the ranks of the
strikers.
General Manager Mudge is well sat
isfied with the situation.
Buckalew will leave at the end of
this week for Cleburne. Tex.,' to take
personal charge of the strike there.
"The men there would rather fight
than eat," said he, "and it is necessary
to have somebody on the ground to rule
them. The men here in Topeka are
more amenable to reason and will abide
by my orders."
Machinists Will Submit a
Proposition to the 3Ianage
ment of Santa, Fe Koad
Nasi was a strong- politician and it
wrfs believed he was destined to be
come Premier. The result of the par
liamentary Inquiry into - his conduct
has caused great excitement.
ROME, May E. — There was a grreat
sensation In the Chamber of Deputies
to-day at the conclusion of the parlia
mentary Inquiry Into the administra
tion of SIgnor Nasi, former Minister of
Public Instruction. The inquiry proved
Nasi guilty of the misappropriation of
large sums of money, the falsification
of documents, the suppression of evi
dence and continuous peculation.
The law courts presented to the
Chamber a demand that they be al
lowed to proceed against Nasi and ar
rest him, but under the rules of the
Chamber the discussion of this demand
was postponed until Saturday next.
Meanwhile the news that Nasi had
been declared guilty of the charges
against him spread, and the former
Minister lied.
Former Italian Minister .of
Public Instruction Xasi
Guilty of Embezzlement
STRIKERS HOPE
TO MAKE TERMS
STEALS FUNDS
OF GOVERNMENT
The second and last concert of Mme.
Sembrich will.be given to-morrow, and
as the singer Is resting to-day those
in attendance will probably hear ths
greatest living coloratura singer at her
best. The house, by the way, is almost
sold out. . • f .
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
How nearly there came to being no
concert last night at the Alhambra
only a few people know. It was a toss
up whether or . not Mme. Sembrich
could sing, indisposition consequent
upon the fatigue of travel and anxiety
concerning the severe Illness of her
mother almost preventing the appear
ance of the diva. Yet. with the char
acteristic courage that won her the
record of being the only artist of the
last grand^opera season that never
missed a. performance, Sembrich sang.
For her own sake it would have been
perhaps better if she had not. Yet there
would have been one of the most bril
liant audiences that ever foregathered
in San Francisco disappointed.
For San Francisco has not forgotten
Sembrich. Who does not remember her
arch and brilliant Roslna of that first
almost unheralded appearance of four
years ago? She was ailing then and the
season closed with the one performance.
With our first grand opera she be
stowed upon us that wonderful Vio
letta, through which we discovered that
Mr. Grau had presented to us the
greatest coloratura artist of the day.
Then followed her Rosina in Its perfec
tion, then Marguerite and then the
nevcr-to-be-forgotton Suzanna with
Eames' adorable Countess in "The
Marriage of Figaro." These things the
people held in mind, and this Sembrich
they went to hear last night. They
went, too, frankly to compare their
loves of Schumann-Heink and Sem
brich, of vastly different genre though
the sinerers are.
But Sembrich was not In her usual
form last night— that is doubtless re
served for* to-morrow's concert. The
Voice lacked color and resonance, and
thinned out in volume considerably in
the upper notes. Nor was even the
phrase quite the pure and perfect thing,
the very pearl rounded and polished,
that we have come to know as Sem- |
brich's. The voice sounded tired; the
superb spirit seemed weary. It is not
at all that one did not get much in- \
comparable singing even last night; :
only Is it that the Sembrich of last ;
night suffered in comparison with the
Sembrich of two years ago, and I'm
waiting until to-morrow for the singer
In her glory.
Half-past eight was gone before the
huge crowd was seated. Five minutes
afterward the charming face of the
diva beamed out upon it, over a very
breastplate of diamonds and a highly
becoming: shimmer gown. And then we
had Mozart, after the thunderous greet
ing, the "Deh Vieni" from "The Mar
riage of Figaro." Its first notes sound
ed an alarm, but one felt that this as
an opening number would serve to
warm up the voice. Neither— though
It was not Sembrich Mozart— was there
lacking much of the inimitable witch
ery of that most fascinating quantity.
And what delight to hear the perfect
attack, the rare shading of the phrase,
the fluent flow of the voice. "Oh, Had I
Jubal's Lyre," from the Handel
"Joshua," came next. Here It became
evident that the singer was singing un
der difficulties. The voice was unable
to fill in the heroic outline of the mental
conception, and was obviously under
slralru Then the less exacting "Neue
Liebe, Neu es Leben" of Beethoven
was sung with greater ease and a
charm that compelled art Imperious re
call, to which madame responded with
Mozart's "Veilchen."
Her best rfumber was the Schumann
"Xussbaum," given with surpassing
delicacy and grace, though the singer
seemed to forget for a moment her in
disposition in a rendering almost
worthy of herself of "Ah, fors e lui,"
that she singg as no one else can or
perhaps ever has. Very charming Is
the "Staendchen" of Richard Strauss
that madame introduced to us last
night. And delightfully played was
the accompaniment of Rudolph Ganz K
a prince of accompanists. Sembrich
also gave a song by Mr. Ganz entitled
"Summer," an ambitious effort, bril
liant in character, and but for some
abrupt and purposeless harmonic
changes, pleasing. The Schumann
"Widmung" was another number and
the Strauss "Primavera" valse, with
much of its old lusciousness of render
ing, closed the programme.
Mr. Ganz, whose accompaniments are
so admirable a feature of the concerts,
was heard* also in a solo. He is ri
pi&nist to be .seriously considered,
scholarly and brilliant, not with a-i
over-plus of temperament, perhaps, nor
yet with the tonal magic of a Haroii
Bauer, but yet an artist and a scholar.
His numbprs were the Chopin Ballade
(G minor), Etude in A minor -<op. 25) —
taken at a tempo that even outran
Bauer's— the Liszt "Cantique d'Amour"
and Polonaise in E major, all heartily
enjoyed by the audience.
Mrs. Elizabeth H. B. Varney, aged
85 years, died last nig-ht at her home,
1303 Seventh avenue, leaving two
sons, Henry and T. II. B. Varney, and
one daughter. Miss Mary Varney.
OAKLAND, May 5. — Robert Me-
Curdy, a pioneer resident of this city,
died in San Francisco this morning,
aged 74 years. The deceased came to
Oakland in 1S61 and resided here un
til a short time ago. He -leaves one
son, John McCurdy, and three daugh
ters. Mrs. M. Ash,' Mrs. S. Godfrey
and Mrs. Charles Symons.
Mrs. Sarah M. Thompson, widow of
the late ex-Councilman, Peter Thomp
son, died last night at her home, 1431
Webster street, aged 74 years. The
deceased leaves two sons, David
Thompson and W. E. Thompson, and
one daughter, Miss Lucy Thompson.
David Thompson resides in England.
He was notified by telegraph of his
mother's- serious illness and was able
to reach Oakland before she died.
Alnmcda County Deaths.
The uproar lasted fully twenty min
utes, and appeared to be due to dissat
isfaction over the exclusion of Miss
Mabel Terry Lewis from the cast.
"The Bride and. Bridegroom," not
withstanding that it Is brightly written,
proved somewhat dull.
LONDON, May 5.— The fall of the
curtain on Arthur -Law's new comedy,
"The Bride and Bridegroom," at the
New Theater to-night was the signal
for the noisest scene witnessed in a
London theater in many years. A storm
of "boos" and'hostile remarks from the
gallery brought Sir Charles "Wyndham
to the footlights, prepared, he said,
after several ineffectual attempts to
gain a hearing, "to face the music."
There were cheers from the boxes,
stalls and dress circle, followed by re
newed "boos" elsewhere and shouts of
"We all know you hate the gallery,"
etc. . *
Finally Sir Charles pointed his finger
angrily at the gallery and called the
police to remove the offenders. Some of
the noisiest were ejected, but this did
not abate the demonstration and Sir
Charles remained on the stage, pale but
undaunted. After repeatedly calling for
fair play, he announced his determina
tion to in the future protect his audi
ences from such organized disturb
ances. .
She says her application to the hos
pital for shelter is one of the ways to
draw public attention to her grievance*.
She Intends to remain n lodcer until
the authorities look into her case.
She tells a seemingly straight story I
regarding her life, marriasre. divorce >
proceedings, the death of her husband j
and the Probate Court proceedings, i
The hope of fabulous wealth, the story !
of the alleged miscarriage of justice !
and belief In a scheme to deprive her •
of that which rightly belongs to her !
may indicate Insanity. ;
Mrs. Weiler asserts that she was mar
ried to the late Richard Weiler in the
year 1S98 and after one year of con- I
tlnuous unpleasantness was separated j
from him. She says that proceedings t
for a divorce were brought by him, but |
that the decree never was granted. ,
Weiler died in 1900, leaving a holo- j
graphic will in which he bequeathed to j
his son, Leopold Weiler, by a former j
marriage, then residing In Paris, his j
life policy for J10C0 in the Independent j
Order of Foresters and to -his daush- j
ter, Mrs. Blanche Wilson, residing in
Pasadena, all his personal effects, with
instructions that certain articles should ,
be given to a woman named E.- Mea |
Wise, who had befriended him. This •
will was offered for probate in Judse
Troutt's department of the Superior
Court on the 6th of August, 1901, and
upon that date letters of administra
tion were issued to the woman who
now claims to be his wife. The next
proceedings had, according to the rec
ords In the County Clerk's office, show
that on the 30th of the same month At
torney W. J. Tuska filed a document as !
amicus ruriae, setting forth that the !
will filed was not the last will of the !
deceased.
This is all that appears on record
touching the disposition of the estate. '
Now this strange woman comes be- I
fore the public in the capacity of a {
pauper seeking a place to sleep, claim- j
Ing that if she had not been cheated byj
designing persons s«e would be worth {
hundreds of thousands of dollars, as [
her deceased husband held a block of |
Panama canal stock, besides several ;
shares of railroad and steamship stock,
all or either of which would, had she
been able to secure them, place her in j
opulence.
Martha Grundies Weiler, whose late
husband was at one time a teacher of
modern languages at the University of
California, has sought shelter for the
last three nights at the Central Emer
gency Hospital, saying that she has
been unjustly duped out of thousands
of dollars and that her case Is one that
the public officials snould Investigate.
Crowd "Boos" at Sir Charles
Wyndham When He Ap
pears Before the Footlights
Mrs. Martha Grundies Weil
er Asserts That She Has
Been Duped Out of Money
Rudolph Ganz, a Most Capa-J
ble Pianist, Accompanies
Her, Rendering Solos
Well-Known Comedian Passes Away.
NEW YORK, May 6. —Eugene Can
field, a well-known comedian, is dead
here from pneumonia. His principal
work in recent years had been in the
Hoyt farces.
LOOKS LIKE INSANITY
NEW PLAY UNPOPULAR
IS SLIGHTLY INDISPOSED
BUDAPEST. May 5.— Maurus Jokai.
the Hungarian novelist, died to-night
of Inflammation of the lungs, aged 79
years.
Novelist Jokal Dies In Budapest.
Famous Diva Charms Large
and Fashionable. Audience
at the Alhambra Theater
Says That Her Husband
Left Valuable Estate That
Should Be Given to Her
Noisy Demonstration of Gal
lery "Gods" Causes Commo
tion in a London Theater
MUNICH, May 5.— Franz von L«em
bach, the famous historical and por
trait painter and president of the
Munich Artists' 'Association, is dead.
CURTAIN'S FALL
STARTS A RIOT
SEMBRICH SINGS
TO BIG THRONG
VON LEMBACH,
NOTED ARTIST,
DIES IN MUNICH
WIDOW TELLS
A TALE OF WOE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL', FRIDAY, MAY 6/ 1001.
•HAVANA. May 5. — The anil-clerical party In
the Senate returned to -the charge to-day .with
a new bill against the religious organisations,
providing, among other thing*.- for the pre
vention of landing In Cuba or priests who are
not natives of the island, and that Uho prop
erty of, the churches and religious orders shall
b« asxessed - and . taxed.
14
RAILWAY TRAVEL. j
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
UH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
EAILWAY COMFAmr.
Tibnron Ferry. Foot of Market Street, j
SAN PRAKCISCO TO SAW EiFAEL.
¦ WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. : '
12:35, 2:30. 3:40, 5:10, 3:50. 6:30 and 11:30 |
p. m.
- Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
Sl'NDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. »:3t>. ll:0O a. m.; 1 :3O,
2:30. 3:40. 5:10, 6:30. 11:30 o. m.
BAN BAFAEX. TO SAW FRAJTCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05. 0:50. 7:.t5. 7:50, 9:2l>. ]
11:15 a. m.: 12:5(). Ti:W. 3:4O. 5:0«>. 5:1*0.
G:23 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45
p. m. -
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:2O. 11:15 a. m.: 1:45.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:23. 7:30 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect | Arrive
San Fran. | May- 1.' 1904. |. San Fran.
Week | Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days, j days. | tion. j days. | Days.
I 7:::0a; | 7:4.1 a! 7T»5~a
7:30a| S:(H»a| | 8:40a] 8:40a
h:0O a; »•::!!» a! Ignacio. UO:2OailO:2Oa
2::.Op 2:."Opj J r.:OOp, 6:2>» p i
5:lvp 5:10 pi ] fi:2Op' 7:25 p
: -^f':- ! I 7:25 p]
i I S: 15 p;
j 7:S0«| 7:."0a j 7:45a! 7:45a
S:fO a S:0<ia Novato. |H»:2Oa!10:2O a
: 2::*rt p[ »::trta Petaluma l«:2Op'«:2Op
5:10 p 2:30 p . and 17:25p|7:25p
[ 5:10 pi ganta Rosa. | 8:45 Pi
7:30 a! 7:30 a . |1O:2O a'10:2o a
S:0Oa] 8:0»»a Fulton. 7:25p'6:2Op
2:30 p| 2:30 p I 8:45 pj 7:25 p
Windsor. I I
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsbur*. |10:20 a!10:20 a
Lytton. I
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:25 p 7:23 t>
_Cloverdale. |
7:30 al 7:S0a Hcpland 110:20 a;i0:2O a
2:20 p[ 2:30p and Uktah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
| I Willlts, j j
7:30 a| 7:30 aj Sherwocd. | 7:25 p; 7:25 p
S:00a| 8:00 a! Guernevllle and 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 pj 2:30 p| Camp Vacation, i 8:45 pj C:20p
8:C0a!8:C0a 8:40a> 8:40a
1 5:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma, 6:COpi6:2Op
! 5:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:45 pj
7:S0a| 7:30 a! 110:20 a'10:20 a
2^!0p| 2:30 pf Sebastopol. f 7:25 p| B:20p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs: at Fulton for Altrurla and
Mark Wwt Springs: at Lytton for Lytton
Springs: at O?yservtlle for Skagxs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Ueysern. Booneville and
Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland J-prinK*. Kelseyvllle. CarlsbaJ
Springs. Soda Cay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; ut Uktah for Vlclry Springs. Saratos»
| Spring?. Bine Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
' Springs^ Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley,
i John Day's. Riverside. •Lierley's BulcnelPs.
! Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvill*. Orr's H.t
I Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendocino City, Fort Bras*
Westport. lisa!;" at Willlts for Fort Brtizg.
Westport. Sherwood, Cahto. Covelo, Layton-
vlile, Cum.nlns. Bell's Spring*. Harris, ON
sens. Dyer, GarbervlUe. Pepperwood. Scotia.
and 'Eureka.
Saturday <o Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced tates. ,
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyend San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, €30 Market street. Chronicle
bulldlnr.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
IYIt. T am alpais Railway
Leitt TIs SnstUis »«rr? I Arriv*
! atm^nadae* H***vk*lk SaaFrxadac*
s,iim*«:ooa 0^M»KjBa n7ov>nyi4^
•l:4ip »:OOa ngfflW lt*S>S:6Op
•tl»r 1O:OOa \g55SgSHr «:»O» .1:6O»
ii-.ooa IS *mm, tiHi
L . 1:4Bf 5i5*> .
TiCW i6»MAJuanrST n (NoTtbShof«lUilro«4r
•RGB I ud SAvnuurra FnsT, Foal Ifufca 4*» .
[^Lo^siisrJZ] SAN FHASCISCO.
V0\^^ Y/ FtasT Vcrorr
v cTt/ <Foot of iUrlfet 8treel }
7004 Vscsrille. Vi i n ters. Kaiu*«/ ••• ¦ -y^ » » ef
700* Benlcis, Solsnn. Elralra aad Bscra 72j)|
Ko.s. Msrtlr.fz, 8«n I'.smon i . . . .. BZOf
7J0a Nlles, Llrermore, Tracy. Lathrop. ?
1.00. " 8 »^ : °^pVe- o -Vvu"uijUr:
Winianu (for Bsrtlet* f pr'f^*
Willows, trrnto. l!ed Blair.
Portland. Tscoms. Sesttle 7-3W*
8C0a r>»Tls. Woodland. Kaldhts Landing.
MsrjMllIe. OroTllla..........^... '•¦»*
8.30* Port Costs, Martinez. Antloch.
Byron. Trscr. Stockton. N«w-
mu. Los lunos. M«« ldo 1 t^
Armons. Hsaford. Vlsslls,
v PorterTllle ••••¦-;•• *'***
|.J0i Port Costa. Lathrop. ««><»••**•
Mereed. Fresno. Ooshen Junc-
tion, Usnford. Vlsal'.a, Bakers-
fl #»]f1 * ...«•••••-•••••¦ *-3**^
•40* Nile.. Sin "Jii*. Luirinore. 8U>elc-
ton, (^Milton), lone, Sucrsmento.
PlscerTllle. U«rj»Tllle. CWca.
Red Bluff -• « iUP
« 30* Oskdsle. Chlnete. Jamestoira. 8o-
nora. Tuolnmne aad An*e!. . .... 4 20p
8 00* At.'»ntlcExpres»-OKdensadEiii.. 11.20*
930* Richmond. Msrtlne* and Way g g^
1000a The* l C?wUnd" Limited— JogdeiC „
IOUU DenTer. Omaha. Chicago.-. | 28j
10.00* ValleJo -••;; **¦*»*
1000* Los Anaeles lasjeujtcr — For*
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Truer,
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
•Raymond. Fresno. Go»l»en Junc-
tion. Hsnford, Lemoore. VUslla. ,^
Bsker»ne!«l. Los Aticelos vi2l
12.00« Harward. NMles snd Wsr Stailoas. 320^
ti-OOr 8»emraento Ulrer Stesmer» T11.H«n»
330f Benlcls. Wlnt-'s. Sacrawento.
Woodland. KnlKhts Lsndlnjr.
MsrytTllle. Orofllle aad way .-.j^
330* IlayVaril.NJleia'BdWiiy Stations.. 750'
S.SQr fort Co»t». Msrtlni«*. Ujron.
Tr»cy. Lsthrop. Modesto..
Mercetf. B«rend«. Fresno and
Way Ststlom beyond Port Cou» 12 20*
3-30p Tosemlte Valley. Hod.. Wed. Krl. 8-20*
3.30k Martinez, Trscy. Stockton, l.odl... 1020*
4.00F Martinez.SanlUmon.VstleJo.Napa,
C»lt»tosa.S»nunui.».. ?SXi
4 OOr Nlles. Tracv. Stockton. Lodt ...... 420f
«.30f Hay ward. Ntles. irTlnzton, 8saJ tt.60*
Jose. Lfvermora » M1.B0*
BCOp The Owi Llml;ed— N'e*m<n. Lo*
l*.»nos. Mrndota. Fre»no. Tuiare, ,
BakersCclcl. LosAcgelci .§t2*
BCOr Port Coits, Tracy. KtocktoB 12 ,-20p
»530p Haywsrd. Nl'es «n<l San Jo*« i 2 " 4
S.OOp llaywartl. Nlles miI6m. Joss 3 30*
S-OOp Eastern E^pr<g»— CJgrteu. Denrer.
Oranha. St. Loul». fh:< »<t> ana
Kast. Port Co«t». B^nlcla. Bai-
• im. Elnilra. l>arU, Sacramenio,
Rnc'iiin. A-ibum. Coifat,
Truckee. Boca.llen*. W»d»-
worth, TVInnemitcca :. o 23*
I.CCp ValleJo. dally, exeepf Sunday.... t 7 sar
70Cp Vallejo, Sunday only f
7 COp Richmond. »an Pabla. Port Co»ta,
Martinez aDd W«y Rta::ons 11.29*
S-C8p Oreeon * Calirorniit Kxpress— Bae-
ramento. JI«rT»Tllle. R«<tdtar. __
. Portland. I'uset Soaatl asd £asc. 8.50*
S.IOp Hayward. Mies and Saa Jo»e(Snn-
daronly): 11 50\
COAST LINE (Sarr»«. «a« S »).
(Foot of Market 8tr»;et )
7.45* Santa Cruz Excursl«m<Snnday only) 8-107
816* Newark. CenterTlUe. ban Jose.
Felton. nonluer Creet. Santa
Cruz and Waj Stations 5-S5P
t2-16P NewarJt. Centrr»I«:^. Saa Jose.
New Almaden. l.n» linto*. J'e::oa.
Boutder Creak. Sanm Cru* and
Principal Way Statlou* t10-55*
4.1SP KewarK. San Jose. LoaSatos and \ 'J55*
wsy»tai!on» » t10 55a
OA K LA~ND~HArTBOR FE R R Y.
rrou. bAN HiA.M'lM.O. tuolul Al.u tet it. (5;lp<>
—filO t:W 1 !:(.«> a.m. 1.00 3 CO 515 r*
From UAKI.AND. K»ot »r nro»<iwuy — t»:uo u-.m
18:0> ll>:tn>».x. 12 CQ 200 400 p.m.
CO A"SY~LI N E ( "rosrl «.aa**).
f9f"iinlnl wn-l 'lo'Tn^fna Streets.)
*6TiO» Saft.lo»eand~W«?Ttat!on» 6^30 r
'7 COa. San .lose and W*y Stations 6 40p
7.16*. Monterey and >in:a Cruz Kxcur-
¦ :on (Sun-lay «n!v) 10 30p
1.00* New Almnden 4Tars.. Frfd.. oaly>.~- 4.10?
5 00* Tb« Coaster — Stop* only »ao Jr«e.
iillroy (conaet-tloB for Bollis-
trr). *P»J»*'. C»*troTlll« (ron- .
nectfnn to and tr'jrn Mmittrrt'f
anil Pacltic (irovr\ Salinas. Saa ..
Arrto. Paso Ruble*. Santa Mar- •¦»,.. .
g >r!r ». San I.uls i (h'sp.t. principal
nations thence Surf (connection
for l.«>iiip >•¦>. principal statluna
Ihfni-^ s.mfi U.ir'.afi.S^n Biiriia-
Tentnre, Hnrhank. l.oi Anzeles . 10 4S*
8. CO* 6an Jut*. Ires rtaoa, Catiltnli,.
Sant.ntrui.P»c!nci;roTe.9al!naa, .naf.
s»u I.uls o'.upo ami Prluclpai
TVar Station* 4-19»
10.30* San Juae and W.tr Statlans .. 1-2BT
11 30* Santa Clara. Saa Jute. Los Oatos
and Way St*tluii« .., T.59*
1 ZOr Fan .'o»e anU Way Station* 8 38*
3 C0r r> F i M<otR I 1 '. t;>r^«» -S:»a"» Clara.
Saa Jus*. l>el Munir. Montrr«y.
I'm-. 3c- Gr ai' (eoanccll at Santa
riara, ei'-ept >u;n!aj. far Ssnfi
Cruz. Honiiler i_rrt- k and Narrow
Gaairel*ulnt<) nr Gf'.rov for !lol-
l!»ter, Tre» I'inos. at Pajaro for
Sau:a Cruz, at Ca*trurll;« far
Ss!ln«« : 12.t5»
3~50p Tre» Plno» Wif Pu«eneer 10 4S*
4.3OP -»o Jone and Way Stations '3. 03a
t5 00 r Santa Clara, .".in Jo«e. Loi Satoa,
and principal w«t Stations (es-
eept 6undar ) t9C3*
IS.SOp &anJoaean<!rrlncipaSWayStatton< 59 43*
S45'- bunset l.im'tr.t.- - Unlwn- .'.. Saa.
Jose.Gi:ror.^a!liias.Paiol;ohle».
t>aa l.ul* ()t>!si><>. Santa Uartiarit,
l.oi Aufrelra. l*emlmtr. Kl Paso.
New Orn-»n«. Nrw Y»rU. Con-
nect* at Pajaro for Santa Cms
and at C««: r.vll:« for Pacific
Grove aa>l Way Stations 7-18i
t€ 16p CauMaleu.Berearor>I.Ke!;nuni.9aa
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaki.
MrnloPark. Palo Alto t8.44t
6 ZOr San Jose anti Way Station* 6 55*
SCOp Pala Alto and TTay Station! 10. 15*
11. &Qr auuibsaBFntnctsco. Mtllbrae. Bur^
Ilnxamr. Saa Mateo. BelRiont.
San Carlos. Iiedwood. Fair UaCa.
Memo Park, and Palo Alto 943p
aii.SOr llaytteM. Mountain View. Sanny-
Tslr. Lawrence. Saota Clara and
San .lose t9 Air
A far Morn. or. p for Afternoon.
1 Sunday exerpted. t Scnday on ly.
n S«:urU»r only.
I Stop* at ail stations on Snnday.
tSr~Only train* atorptna- at Vaieucla St. *oato4to«a4
irr»:10*.M.. 7:i»t «. v.. T: IS *- M., U:5U > «.. S:ifflrjt.
*: JO r. m. snd ' -00 r..«.
CALIFORN1\ I
LIMITED TO CHICAGO 1
LEAVES DAILY |
at f>:^0 a. m., throuarh In 3 days, j
with iiaex aad aU trapping-*. j*
Other Santa 7« Trains i
»-S0a" nil for Stockton . Fresno. BakersfleH.
8 :C0 p! m. J Merced, Hanf ord and Vlsallm.
4:C0 p. m. for Stockton.
S:COp.'tn. for Kansas City.' Grand Canyon aad
Chicago.
TICXET OrriCES — 641 Markat St. oat
Perry Depot, S. P. Also Ilia Broad*
way. Oakland, Cal. 27 Sontlt First S&»
San Joss.
(Mftp^Ml TO SAN RAFAEL
*4^vM^|! R °SS VALLEY,
t^^^^l CAZADERO, Etc
Suburban Service, Standard Gauce Electric —
Depart from San Francisco Dally 7:00, 8:00,
MKi i0:C0. 11:00 a. m., 12:20, X:43. 3:15. *:15,
5:15. «:15, T:00. 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FKOM SAN KAK-VEI* TO SAN FRANCI3CO
— Dally. 5:23. 6:S5. 7:40. 8:33. »:S3. U:8S
a. m. 12:2u. 1:13. 2:33. 3:13. 4:45. 5:45. 6:15.
! 8:45. "10:20 D- m.
' FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO — Dally. 5:45. «:53. 7:S2. 8:55, S:."W,
)1-.1» a. m.. 12:33. U:CO. U:15. 4:05. 5:05. «:C5.
7:C3. ?:C0. 10:33 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
$:CO a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
I 5:15 p. m. week days (Saturday excepted>—
I Tomales and way stations.
[ 3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
I .-unnay* only — 10 a. m., Tolnt Reyes aad
, wav static.es. «
TICKET OFFICE — C28 Mark«t *t., ?
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st. .
The WeeMj CaE
BRING YOUR WANT AD
THURSDAY. FRIDAY OR
SATURDAY.
Classified Advertisers In Xext
SUXDAY CAIiL. RECEIVE
FREE — FREE — FREE
TOE" SIX-IX-OXE ICE PICK.
Cracks Ice on Scientific
Principles.
IT SETTLES AX ANNOYING
HOUSEHOLD PROBLEM.
See Ail on Classified Page.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriace licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Eus<ne G. Doty, 2«\ Los Anr*l*«. a»d Lewis
ITih-y. 1*4. Los Anpeles. t»«-.t,»
William M. Moldenhauer. 20. 714 Bryant
tfirwt. and Kate Neil. 22, 30 Madison avenue.
Llewelyn A. Dietrich. 21. 708 Oou*h street,
and Florence M. Anderson. IS. city.
Thomas A. Uray, 29, 38 Clara avenue, and
Mary Groves 13, 3S Clara avenue.
John C. Koerel. 22. Sacramento, and Clara
MrDfrmott. 2--\ Sacramento.
Georire F. <iriwliott. 24. » Moss street, and
Jems L. Ne-111. 18. Stockton.
WlTiUeld I. Noble. 21. 2205 Lerkln street,
and Sorhle Grieb. 21. 2201 Larkin ¦tre« ;
Antnne Cruz, 2".«. 3 Volney place, and Mina
Dtifour. 22. 3 Voiney place.
\ IIRTHS—MRRIAQES— DEATHS.
Birtli. marrtajre ar.d death notices sent by
trail will not be lr.aerted. They nrust be hanfled
Jn at eltber cf the publication offices and bs
JndoT»>»d with the narr.e and residence of per-
*ofi* authorized to hav* the «an>e published.
Notices restricted rlmply to the announcement
of th» event are published onoe In this column
free of charpy.
RORN\
BALKE— In thin city. April 29. 1904, to tn«
wife cf Jobn E. Balke. a eon.
CARBONE — In Bwkeley, May 5, 1904, to ths
, «-lfe o/ J. A. Carbone. a son.
FELDMAN— In Oskland. April 22. 1904, to th«
wife of Frank II. Feldman. a daughter.
UANSEN— In this city, April 8. 1904, to th«
wife <ft Charles nansen, a son.
JOHANEHN— In Alameda. April 2L 1904, to
•h» wlf» of Raetnua Johaneca. a son.
B.U6T— In Berkeley, Atiril 26, l»04, to th»
wife cf Joseph Ruet, a son.
MARRIED.
' KELLT— MeKNIGHT— In this city. April 1L
iSOi, at fit. Dominic's Church, by the Rev.
Ftther Clancy. P. John Kelly and M.
Roberta. MrKr.irfct, both of San Francisco.
JSOLDENHAUER— NEIL— In this city. Mar
6. 1H04 by the Rev. Paul Braake. William
M. Moldenhauer acd Kate Nell, both of tfcis
rttr.
HIED.
Aklsa. Mary Jaso McSteen. Jetts
' Brad!«y Eophla C MofCett (tnfanU
Bunyard, Cera- U Motronl. Jil
•.Cameron, Archibald Muller. Henry W.
Ccmsnerford, J. L. Murray. William
Ccndrey, Jchn B. Placz, Henrj'
Fausa, Otto Renan, Michael
Fos. Isidore Bcott. Jotan H.
• ' GaCne>* M. H. Pmlth. Thomas
i Or»er, William J. fitoddjwd. Hannah E.
! HaCay. Ann Thompson, Gcnevlevn
Huber. Lou*.* Thornton. Sarah M.
Jella«kl, Aaron Trrnoutb, O«orce J.
l*e, Winiam C. Tapper. ElizabeUi
Lowry. Isabella Valentine. Susannah
WLKIKS— In Oakland. May 5. 1904, at 715
Tenth street. Mary Jane Aklsa. beloved wife
of William D. Aklna, aad mother of L. E.
Aides, a native of Oh'.o, ared 71 years and
20 Cays. A member of Unity Chapter No.
«S. O. E. fl.
SRADLET— In this city. May 6, 1904, Bopnla
E., belor^d wife of George J. Bradl«y. and
mother of Mrs. Ltafia Stewart and George
d* Courcy. a native of TraJee, County Kerry,
Ireland, ai*d f>4 years.
C^Fri^nd* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from th« funeral
. parlor* of Bunker &. Lunt. 266* Mission
•tre*t (Mission Masonic Twcple). between
' Trresty-eecond and Twenty-third. Crrma-
tion Cypress I^awn «7en'.eter>', v '* electric
funeral" car from Elehte«nth. and Guerrero
streets.
BUNTARD— In Bacnln*. May S, 3904. Cora
L.' Buny&rd. beloved dauchter of Harry and
i Nannie Etodfiard. aad sister of Mra. Allcs
\\'alte and Grace and Harry Stoddard, a
native cf Kansas City, Mo.
C7P.emains at the jiarlors of H. F. Buhr
&- Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
end Eighth.
CAMERON— In this city. May 2. 3904, Arch!-
' laid Cameron, m. Dative of Scotland. eg*d
f<u years. A member of International Union
gf»m Engineers. Ixical No. Hi, and ex.
H m«ntifr Marine Er.sineers No. 35.
E7Frler.di> and acquatr.tances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
'Friday), at 10:SO o'clock, from the parlors
. cf the United Undertakers. SG6 Mission j
•treet, between Fourth and Fifth. Interment !
— Cypress Lawn Cemetery. i
COUMERFORD — Friends and acquaintances
¦ sre reFpectrul'.y invited to attend the month's
m!nd requiem mass for the repose i>f the soul
of tbe 1st*- Jeremiah L. Commerford, at St.
Mary-« Cathedral, corntr cf Van N»a» avenue I
and OTarrell street. Saturday, May 7, at I
7 :30 a. m.
CONDRET— In this city. May 4. 1904, John
B... dearly beloved husband of Marcuerite
Condrey. and loving father of Julia Oondrey,
and brother of Pierre Coadrey, Mrs. Ticou- '
let, Mrs Nepert and Mra. Jacqu*met, a na- j
tive of France, agrd U ypars. ;
CT'FTl'nds and a.c<iuaintance8 are reep<»ct-
fwtly lnvitfd to attend the funeral Saturday,
May 7, et 6:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
Amc*. 27 Lisbon street, near Mission road.
lhenc* to Church t>f St. John. St. Mary
fcvpnue. where a requiem Men rnaes will l>«
celebrated for the repose cf his soul, com-
r menclnc at S» o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
FACES— In thli city. May 8, 1904. Otto, be-
loved husband of Mary E. Faues. and father
or Albert. Leo and Madeline Faufs. and son
of Mrr. {Catherine and the late Otto Fauzs. !
¦ native of £an FVanclsco, aced S2 years ;
11 menths end C days.
FOE — In Altr.a, May 3, 1904. Isidore Fca, be- !
»ot*(1 husband of Mrs. Josephine Fos, and !
brother of Keymond Foe. «. native of France, ,
ated M years end 20 days.
CTFrlfTids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
ilsy f. at 12 o'clock, from his late residence.
. 3313 Hayes «tre*t. tb^nce to the French
Church <Notre Dare* des Vlctolres), where
• w-vlees will be held, commencing at 1
'. o'clock. Interment Holy Crofs Cemetery.
' "GaFFNET— In this city. May 3, 1904, M. H..
b«la\-ed busbar.d cf Mary J. Gaffney, and
father of Josephine and Madeline Gaffriey a
native cf County Cavan, Ireland, aged ' 70
years.
cyTh* funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1810 Polk street, thence to St. Brteld's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose cf his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment private In Holy
Crow Cemetery, by electric car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets. Please omit
flowers.
CREER— In this city. May 4, 1904, William
J. Gr«r. beloved father of Florence L. and
• Alice Cireer. ared €2 years. A member of
! Terb* Buena Lodre No. 14. A. O. U. W.,
and Mcntezumsi Tribe No. 77, Improved
Order of Re<l Men.
tTFricD&f and members of Montetuma
Tribe Nc. 77. Improved Order of. Red Men,
are respectfully invited to attepd the funeral
Sunday, May 8. at 12:30 o'cli>ck. from the
. parlors of McFadden, McBrearty & Green,
3171 Mission street, between! Seventh and
Eirhth, thence to PJoneer 'Hall. Fourth
ptre*-t, where services will be held under the
- a^spires of Terba Buena Lodge No. 14. A. O.
V. W. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HAFFET— In this city. May 2. 1904, Ann
' dearly beloved mother cf Mrs. W. Lanpridge'
«nd Mrs. W. Osman, a native of Ireland.'
aged 75 years.
t-^ Friends and acquaintances ar« respect-
„ fuliy Invited to attend the requiem hl^h
rna*s Friday, at 10 o'clock, at Bt. Brtclds
Cfcurch. Funeral private. Please omit flowers.
HUBER— In thli citv. May 4. 1904, Louis,
brother of Raymond and Alfred Huber and
Mrs. W. BchepDler, and nephew of Mm.
Frank Alcher, a native of New Tork City,
ared 47 years 4 months and 4 days. A mem-
ber of Vereln Eintrac&t and Bartenders' In-
' ternational Learue.
K-J" Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
. felly Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• •Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
. ; H. V. Eufcr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
: tween Seventh and Eirhth, under the aue-
pie*» cf the Vereln Eintracht. Cremation
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
JELINSKI — In this city. May 4. 1904. Aaron,
beloved husband of Ida Jellnskl, and beloved
ton f>f Mrs. K. JeHnski. and beloved brother
of Charles, Medle, Eadle, Mary and Cole,
man Jelinskl. a native of New Tork aged
39 years.
I.EE— In this city. May B, 1004. ct the r»fl-
rtenee, 16 SnreckeU avenue, fiunnyalde, Wil-
liam C, dearly belovf-d son of Francis an'l
" Mary Ann Lee. and brother of James Ed-
ward, Ceonr-, RolK-rt. Thomas G., Mary anc
Irene Lee and Mm. Edward U<-La UK j,iln a
nativ«^f E»n Francisco, a»ed 23 years and
1i days.
XOWRV- In this city, Thursday.NMay f> 19M
IfiabcJla Glcndennlnjr, beloved wife of the
late William J. Lowry. anrl mother of Nellie
M. Lowry. Mrs. Milan Houle and Acsr-s and
CT-Funeral rer\-ires will be held at her
lat* rc-sMence, MS Van N-ks avenue, on Sat-
urday. May 7. at 11 o'clock.
ilcSTEEN— Of ficerF and members of Tounr
Ladies' Institute No. 1— You are hereby roti
tied to attend the funeral of our deceased
Bister. Mtts Jette McStcen. from her late
residence. K05 Golden Gate avenue to-day
«Friday>. st »:.V» m. m. Hy order of'
JOSEPHINE UIORDAN. President •
LIZZIE «'¦ A. TERRY. Secretary.
HENRY J. CALLACHEfTco.
(Succeseors to Flannaran & Gallagher I
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M*r.
FUNERAL DIItECTOR8 AND EMBALMERS.
- 20 Flftb «t.. opposite Lincoln School.
¦ * Telephone South 6O.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers _
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,
NOW at KC8 MISSION. TeL South 167.
Between Fotirth end Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. lienry Uansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
- Formerly With McGinn Bros.,
— Funeral Directors and EnJba!mer»— —
214 Eddy St.: Tel. South 676.
1 MOFFETT— In this dtr. April 26. 190*. Infant
eon of Jamea and Martha Moffett. aged 3
j flaya. " . " <¦<-
MOTROXI— In Fulton. Sonoma County. Cal..
May 3, 1S04. Jll, dearly beloved son Of Lo-
ren«o and Mary Motronl, and brother of
Frank, Co*ta, Charles. Joseph and Bdlth
Motronl and Mrs. S. Parentl. a native of S«n
Francisco, aged 25 years 11 months and -a
days.
MULLER— In Burke. Sonoma County, May 4,
1904. Henry W. Muller, beloved brother of
William, August and Georce Muller, Jo-
hannah Gerbrand, Marie Suchtlng and Caro-
line Melasner. a native of Germany, aged
4(5 years 7 months and 17 days.
C7"Frt;nds and acquaintances bj*» respect-
fully invited to attend th* funeral services
Sunday. May 8. at 1:30 o'clock, at I. O. R.
M. Hall. 320 Post street. Remains at par-
lors of California • Undertaking Company.
405 Pow«!l street, near Post. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
Chiefs and members of Modoo Tribe No,
C7, Improved O. R. M.. and Pocahontas
Council No. 3, D. of P.. and visiting
brothers and slstera— Tou are hereby notified
to attend tha funeral of our late brother.
Henry Muller, from Red Men's Hall. 320
Post street. Sunday, May 8. e.t 1 p. m. .
M. V. SWAGER, Sachem.
JOHJJ I* GLEXNON. Chief of Records.
MURRAT— In this city. May 3, 1U04, William
Murray, beloved husband of the late Mary
Murray, a native of Ireland, aged 70 ycari.
E7Frlend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to.day
(Friday). May 6 at tt:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of O. Castagnttto. 613-45 ValleJo
etreet. „ between Montgomery avenue and
Stockton strest. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemttery.
PLANZ— At his residence In this city, 3318
Twenty- second street. May 4, 1904, Henry,
beloved huaban-1 of Frederlcka Planz, and
father of Theodore and Emma Planz, Mrs.
Adolph Wlnterberg aad Mrs. Henry C.
Echaertzer, a native of Heseen-Darrostadt,
Germany, aged 6S years 0 months and 2S
days. (Chicago, 111..- and Appletonr Wls.,
papers please copy.)
tn7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to.day
• Friday). May <5. at 2 o'clock, from San
FVancfsco Turn Vereln Hall, 853 Turk street,
between Hrd« and Leavenworth. Interment
Odd Fellows* Cemetery.
RENA1C— In the City and County Hospital,
May 4 l»04, Michael Renan. a native of
Germany.
ECOTT— In tilts city. May 2, 1904, John H.
Scott, axed 72 years.
C7Fiinids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
{Friday), at 11 o'clock, from th* funeral
parlors of Bunker - & Lunt, 2G6G Mission
street (Mission Masonic Temple), between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third. Intmnent
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SMITH— In this clty.^ May 3, 1904, Thomas
Smith (a xnarin* fireman), husband of Ullie
Hmith. a native of London, Kneland, aged
l'-> years and 8 months.
tyito* funeral will take place to-day
CFriday). at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFodd«-n. McBrearty Sc Green, 1171 Mission
etreet, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
STODDARD— In Alameda. May 6. 1004, Han-
nah E. Stoddard. beloved wife of A. C.
Etoddard. and mother of T. C. Stoddard.
Mrs. Addle Murdock, Mrs. Ella Penberthy
of Alam'da Rr.d Mrs. Callle Cross of Callao,
Mo., a native of England, acred <-S years 3
months and SS days.
THOMPSON— In Monrovia, Cal.. May 4. 1901.
Gene vl eve H., dearly beloved wife of Walur
J. Thompson, nnd lovlnz daughter of Mra
V. A. McConnell, and loving sister of Brad-
ford McConnell, Mrs. Charles II. Shields and
Mrs. S. Bralrhoorne, a native of Portland,
Mich.
ET Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
v.iil be at parlors of Monahui, O'Hara &
Co.. 2339-41 Mission street, near Nineteenth,
after 12 o'clock to-day.
THOMSON— Entered Into rest, in Oakland.
May .'.. l'.*n. at the family residence, 1431
Webster street. Earah Maria, relict of the
late Peter Thomson, and beloved mother of
Lucy F.. W. Edward and David P. Thom-
son.
TRENOUTH— In this city. May 6. 1904,
Georce Judson. only son of Richard H. and
Elizabeth M. Ttenouth. a native of West
Berkeley, Cal., ared 10 years 4 months and
U du-s.
IT^Notlee of funeral hereafter.
TUPPER— In this city. May 6, 19O*. Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of John B. Tupper, and
mother of K. I. and O. M. Tupper, a native
of New Hampshire, aged 07 years.
CTRemains at the mortuary chapel of th«
Golden Gat* Undertaking Company, 24&J
Miseion street. Notice of funeral hereafter.
VALENTINE — In this city. May 4. 1904,
Muannah E.. beloved wife cf the late Wil-
liam Valentine, and mother of Mrs. O. W.
Everson. Mrs. E. C. Dudley and William L.
Valentine of Lee Angeles, Cal.. a native of
Bcctland, ared 63 years 4 months and 27
days. x
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of the Weetern Addition
Funeral Directors. 1724 Devisadtro street,
between Sutler find Bueh.
RAILWAY TRAVHUBid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — 99 SF A NP 5s. — 111%
B L Wat 6a. — U7H S P C R 4s. — 100
Unlisted Securities.
Boston : Stocks and Bonds.
Money — United Fruit ....107U
Call loans 2«3%lu S Steel m
Time loans 3<31<£| Do pfd 03?4
Receipts of, old Potatoes were very lisrht.
but the market was amply supplied with pre
vious arrivals and had an easy tone, except for
strictly fancy stock. Poortstock, which con
stituted the bulk of the supplies, dragged, but
holders were still exacting high prices. New
Potatoes continued to arrive freely and ruled
weak - at previous rates. Receipts were 377
sacks and there were large lines of carried
over stock offering. Australian Onions were
firmly >held. at the .recently „ advanced quota
tions and some dealers were asking more. New
red were offering rather freely and .sold well
owing to their comparative cheapness.
Asparagus was more plentiful than, on the
preceding day. but prices were well maintained
iinoer a good demand for local' consumption
and for. shipping and canning purposes. , Th«
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
When the'c^se, of Arthur Riaher.
charged with bTirglary for breaking
into the room -of Millie Clark, 315
O'Farrell street, *was called for trial
before a jurjrln Judge Lawlor*s court
yesterday Miss Clark was not present.
After waiting about ten minutes the
Judge instructed Bailiff Coyle to find
her. Coyle .went to a saloon near the
Hall of Justice and found Miss Clark.
~ . brought her to court and when
the Judge saw her he sternly told her
she had been drinking. Miss Clark
uttered a faint denial, but the Judge
ordered her confined In the City Prison
till this morning and the talesmen
were instructed to return at that time.
Millie Clark in Dlszracc.
Flour, bbls 18.000 33,100
Wheat, bu ..; 22,000 U,8(0
Corn, bu ..........•...:... 115,300 ' 18^.500
Oatf, bu 81,200 IIS 7C0
Rye,' bu i '3.000 • 2.500
Barley, bu .23.800 . 7,100
CHICAGO. May .'.i-Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, barely steady; No. 2 oprlni'
wheat. f>0@Olc; No. 3. Rfi®02c; No. 2 rrtl'
$1 (K)(S1 02; No. 2 corn 49@r><)c; No. 2 yell'-w'
&2Q5.'te; No. 2 oatu, 41%©41^c: Na 3 v.nlte!
41T-4 ( S44c; No. 2 rye. 70c; good fe»iin-r barley,
32©.37c: fair to choice malting, i&QMz- ?,•<> i
flaxseed. *1 01; No. 1 Northwestern, ?i QSii;
prime timothy seed, $2 87%: mes3 pork, rcr
bbl. $11 «5@11 70; lard,' per 100 IM. «<;, .%7 '.<.</
6 60;. short ribs sides (loose). $(1 12«,iig(; 25
short clear sides (boxed), $fl 50®G 75; wni.-0:;',
basis of high wines, ?1 28; clover, contract
grade. $10 75. «¦ , - .
Articles — - Receipts. Shioments.
Cash Grain and Provisions.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock. , delivered in San Francisco, less SO
per ¦ cent shrinkage ' for -Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 8i@i9c: , Cows and Heifers,
7@8c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb -
• CALVES — 1@4 fee per lb (gross wtltht).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3H@4c; - Ewes. 314©3He
per lb (gross weight). •?».-»
LAMBS— *2 60ig2 75 per head
. I1OOS — Live Hcgs, 140 to* 200 lbs 5%c;
over 200 lbs. 5^©5Hc; soft Hogs. 4>i@5£c;
. With large receipts of almost everything
and the demand not over active the market
rules weak on the whole. Quotations stand as
before. •
: DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
arc as follows: -
BEEF — 768c for Steers and 6@7c per lb for
Cows. - ¦ i ¦ ¦ .••.¦¦- •
* VEALr— Large, 8@9c; small, 8%®»^c per
pound. ' ¦'•¦-.
' MUTTON— Wethers. 8©8Ho; Ewes. 7U@8c
per lb. -¦- • -
, LAMB— 10@10«c per. lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 6%Q9c per lb.
> : : LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Meat Market
A There la no further change In Beans. " The
«ock of Llmas is reported at about lr.O.OOrt
sacks, against about 250,000 at this time last
yC BEANS— Bayos. $2 25^2 CO; Pea. $3@3 25;'
Butters, $3 50©3 75; small White, $2 90®3 10;
large White. $2 40tff2 65; Pink. $3 3503 60;
Red. $4 50; Lima. |3 25@3 30: Red Kidneys,
M 50@5; Blackeye. $1 90@2 Id per ctl: Hor»«
Beans. $2@2 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $4(S4 25; Yellow
Mustard, $3@3 25: .Flax.' $1 S0@l 00; Canary.
r.u,fi.'.%c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14>/i@16c; Kape
l%@2c; Timothy. ,6©GHc; Hemp. 3V4@4c pef
Ib; Millet. 303V4c. Broom Corn Seed, $2C©21
P 'dRIED PEAS-^-Blackeye. $3 per ctl;. Nile*
$3 25; Green Peas, $3@3 25. V . /
Beans and Seeds.
. ' NEW TORK, May 5.— The-*rrogsrl«hnjfs«
.and narrown»-« of the stock market wa« even
¦ more* notable to-day than . on ¦ oreviou* -day*
this week. T»ie movement of price* wa« ao
.slight as to ofTer little basis tor cotnrpent.
. Uriited States Steel preferred was somewhat
relieve*! from the to which it has been
'• ijx*nt!y . Bubjected. and Pennsylvania was
• rather frwly sold with the dividend off. Th're
was only euch nmail buying of stocks as
' • worried necessary t0 prevent the sagging ten
- <;tr.ey as 1» normal to a stagnant markft. Such
developments h« there were offered nothing to
stimulate, any rtvi\'a! of toeculation. Some
Attention" wit paid to the rfported hitch In
tlw plan for payment, for the Panama canal,
"•tiut the matter mi retarded as concerning
the parties to theeontract In questions of tech
nical detail rathrr than the general money
situation. The wijidin* uu of the United
States St€-el stock conversion syndicate In
vulve* additional ca.lls upon the money market
to meet the a««'fsmcnt, beside* releasing* a
block of bond* that may offer, neither of
. which incident* Is capable of an Interpreta
tion in favor of the market. The news from
Ixmdon of the flotation /3f a Jaoanes* loan of
t.Vi.uOO.000. of which New York Is expected to
take half, was accepted a? another evidence
cf a real abundance of caoital resaurcrs here,
and the money market was quite unaffected
by these prospective claims upon It. The in
tunatlun that the proceed* of the loan are to
be left on dewwtft here, with a view to its
ultimate expenditure in our markets, was a
modifying factor in the new* of the loan. The
advance in reflned sugar was ' taken as'ex
f ijnatory of yesterday** utrength In sugar, but
it was pot followed up to.day. Railroads re
porting weekly cross earnings showed declines
•"ithoul execution tor the fourth week In
Nezv York Stock Market.
After nearly two weeks' persistent
application J. E. Morris, 70S Market
street, secured -a warrant Vesterday
for the arrest of Sidney I. Danby on a
charge of felony embezzlement. The
amount alleged in the complaint is
$7«, but Morris says that the aggregate
will reach $2500. They used to be
partners under the name of Danby &
Co. and each charges the other with
trying to ruin him. There is a civil
suit pending between them in Judge
SeaweH's court- George Washington
Pope, who was secretary of the com
pany, ia now awaiting his triaj on -a
charge of forgery. Danby was ar
rested by Detective Whttaker and
booked at the City Prison. He vwaa
released on $250 cash balL . V .
Morris Gets a Warrant.
: NEW YORK, May B. — CLOSE— Money on
ca.ll was ea«y. l^iS14 P*r cent: closing bid,
1% P«r cent; offered. 14 per cent.
' Time leant were flrrofr. Fixty dayg. 24 per
cent; ninety £ayc, 2\ per cent; six months.
.3©3S P«t cent.
Prim* mercantile paper — 3%^4'ai per cent.
• '*-. Sterling exchange wat easy, m-lth actual busi
ne«* In bankers' bill* at *4. ««*»<& 4. 8t»5 for de
ir,ar.d and et $4.*4'Jf<€«-M»0 for *ixty-<iay bills.
- Posted r«te«— *4 S54«?4 M5 snd $4 SS.
¦' Commercial bills— $4 tA%<gi M*i.
1 . Bar •liver— 54 Sc
' Mexican dollars — 134c
. : Bonde — Government, easy; railroads. Irreg
ular.
New York Money Market.
The scarcity in Bran and Middlings con
tinues and both are very firm. There Is no
further change of importance In Hay, the mar
ket being easy under the excellent crop pros
pects.
BRAN— $21@22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— *27 50®29 50 per ton.
SHORTS — $21^22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFF8— Rolled Barley. $23 50@24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 S0@3i;
Jobbing $32; Cocoanut Cake. $22(5-23; Corn
Meal. $30 G0@31 50; Cracked Corn. $31932;
Mixed Feed. $21@22: Horse Beans. $30®
40 per ton ;. Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl. '
HAY— Wheat, $11015; Wheat and Oat, $llig>
14; Oat, $10013 DO: Barley. $10@12; Stock.
$10«m: Alfalfa. $9@I1 per ton.
STRAW— 50<S70c per bale.
Hav and Feedstuffs.
-FLOUR— California Family Extras $4 80®
6 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70@C;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 85@4 25
per bbt.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follown: Graham Flour, $3 00 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 50; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rico .Flour
S7: Corn Meal. $3 60: extra cream do. S4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 50; . Hominy. $4®t 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 50#4 .5: Cracked Wheat. $4:
Farina. $4 50; 'Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75;
Rolled Oats. bbls. $• 25@8 00; In sacks, $U 75ij>
8 10; Pearl Barley. $«•. Split Peas, boxes $7;
Green Peas. $3 50 per lOO lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
As has -already been seen by late mall re
ports from New York the Hop market is show
ing more steadiness, though quotations re
main as before and the movement is sOU light
There U nothing new In Hides or Wool.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 4@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 94c; m<-dlum. 84c; light. Sc; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and Sc for light; Stags.
6c: Salted Kip, 0c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hides. 16c; dry Kip, 13c; dry
Calf, 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25©30c each;
short Wool, 4O@G5c each; medium, 70©90c: long
Wool. $1@1 50: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $2®2 50 for medium. $1 25® I 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1@1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c; dry Salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium.
35c; small, 20c. •¦•¦..
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4K@4%c per lb:
No. 2, 3<4^4c; grease. 24<Q3c.
WOOL — Spring clip — San Joaquln and South
ern. 12 months', 9®llc; do 7 months'. XftlOc
per lb; Middle Counties, 12®16c for free and
ll@14c for defective; Northern. 15®17c for free
and 13S13c for defective; Nevada, . 12@15c, ac
cording to condition.
HOPS— £4(527 per lb for California, 1903.
and 17 4® 20c for crop of 1904.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Stocks of cured Pork and barreled gooda con
tinuc plentiful and the market rules dull at
unchanged quotations.
¦ CURKD MEATS — Bacon. 10c- per lb for
htavy, 104c for light medium, ,124c for light.
14o for extra light and 144®15c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 124c; Cali
fornia Hams. 1145112c; Mess Beef, J10 50®
11 per bbl; extra Mess. $11 5O®12; Family,
$12 50013; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra cleaj.
$24; Jrless. $18; Dry Salted Pork. 104c; Pig
Pork. $27; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c
per lb >
LARD — Tierces quoted at 64c per lb for
compound and 84c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
854c; 10-lb tins. 9^c; 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins.
ay.c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8v£c; three
half barrels. S%c; one tierce. S%c; two tierces.
SW-c: five tierces. 8%c per lb. *
Provisions.
300 Belcher 22i 100 Mexican 2 10
400 Caledonia ... 5»i| ltO Overman 28
400 Caledonia ... 55 i 200 Potosi IS
90O Chollar ....-:. 22| SCO Savage 35
1600 Con C A Va.l S5i 4iK> Seg Belcher .. IS
500 Con Imperial. 02! 20O Sierra Nev .. 55
400 Con Imperial. Cai ICO Union Con .. 74
300 Crown Point. 18 10O Union Con . . 7-t
100 Crown Point. 17L 100 Union Con . . 72
100 Gould * Cur. 19| 400 Utah 09
lOO Gould A Cur. 131 400 Utah ?H
300 JuIIa ..-¦. 07i ;;i-«» Yellow Jacket. 20
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 21) 350 Ophir 5 37'i
300 Belcher 20| .100 Overman 23
100 Best A Belch.l ."•> 70O Overman 24
10O Caledonia ... 83 1 2CO Potosi 1«
500 Con C A Va.l 50t 500 Savage 3:t
400 Exchequer ... S0| 200 Sierra NeT 52
100 Gould & Cur. 18) li:o Silver Hill .. .M
500 Hale & Norc. ?.r>\ 20O Union Con . . 71
400 Mexican 2 051 30O Utah 06
400 Mexican 2 00! SuO Yellow Jacket. 13
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Alpha C5 500 Con C A Va.l 50
600 Bullion 08 10O Hale A Norc. 04
100 Con C A V.I 524 100 Savage 35
200 Con C A Va.1 55
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 221 1ft© Ophir 5 2.".
SCO Belcher 21 j 10O Overman 2tt
600 Con C A Va.l C0| 100 Savage 31
500 Gould A Cur. 171 100 Sierra N*t .. 51
200 Mexican 2 00| luO Union Con .. Ti
100 Mexican ...1 974!
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following wer« the sales on the San Fran
etsco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Mont Ton ...1 55! 100 Ton Belmont.. -70
500 Mont Ton.. 1 52 hi 100 Ton Midway.. SO
Afternoon Session.
400 MacNamara . ID! 150 Ton Belmont. . 70
300 Mont Ton. ..I 52'y| 400 Ton Belmont.. 71
120O Ray"& OBrien 041 600 Ton Midway.. a8
100 Ray A OBrien Wj
QUOTATIONS.
' THURSDAY, May 3 — * p. m.
Bld.A?k.| BId.Aak.
Alpha 04 Ooi Justice (At It
Alta 07 CHiKentuck 03 -C4
Andes 21 22!Keyea Grata. . — Kli
Belcher 21 2.'»|Lady Wash .. — CG
Best & Belch.l 50 1 «0l Mexican 1 95 2 CO
Bullion CO lOiOceidental ... 79 St>
Caledonia ... 52 54|Ophlr 3 374 5 50
Challenge Con 17 lOIOverman 2tJ 27
Chollar 21 22iPotc«l 16 lfl
Confidence ... 90 92' Scorpion 15 * 17
Con C & Va.l 45 1 SOISavage 32 33
Con Imperial. 02 ft".! Sen Belcher .. 08 li»
Con N Y 02 04'Slerra Ner .. 50 5k
Crown Point. 17 19!Silver Hill ..53 37
East Sierra N 06 — St Louis .... 09 in
Eureka Con.. — 50| Syndicate 04 <:«
Exchequer ... 29 31; Union Con ..71 72
Gould A Cur. 17 19: Utah Oft 07
Hale A N'orc. 50 COj Yellow Jacket. 18 2i>
Julia 05 WSl .
i '^ TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Asftl . Bid. Ask.
Oileban — u71Ton Belmont.. «S» 71
Esperanza ... — OllTon A Cal... 1O —
Gipsy jQueen. — 30lTon Cash Boy 08 —
Gold Anchor.. 3O — I Ton Exten .. '.«> —
Gold M Con. 02 00;Ton Gold" M. 13 —
Little Ton .. 25 — Ton of Nev..9 25 9 5O
MacNamara . IS 10|Ton N Star.. — 32
Mont Ton..l 524 1 WITon Midway.. 37 33
Ray Ton ... 11 — |Ton A Salt L. 12 —
Ray & OBrien 03 05|Unlted Ton... — 20
Rescue Ott 071
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, May 5.— In spite of favorable
weather In the Southwest a bullish feeling per
vaded the wheat pit at the opening. Initial
sales were made at a trifle lower price than
yesterday's close. Early sentiment was largely
domlnettd by the Illinois crop report which
v/as quite bullish in character Shorts were
especially B0o d buyers of May. Offerings of
all deliveries were light, the result being a
steady advance in prices. Toward the middle
of the. session operators received fresh inspira
tion from a report of an expert, who claimed
that the wheat crop of eight States east of the
Rocky Mountains would be decreased U0 OuO 000
bushels from that of a year asro. There was
also a very bullish report from Oklahoma !r
regard to the condition of the crop In that
section. Heavy buying of July continued
throughout the greater part of the session
Late in the day there was considerable profit
taking, which caused some reaction from the
high point, but the market closed strong Final
figures on July were S5%c after the price had
reached 854%85%c.
An improved demand and continued small re
ceipts were responsible for a firm tone in
corn to-day. July closed at '484@4S%c, Uc
higher. ;
Oats duled firm in sympathy with other
grains. The market closed eteady a shade
higher, with July at 39c.
Provisions were strong. There was a better
outside -demand and packers also were liberal
buyers. Thtr market closed firm, with July
pork up 74c. lard unchanged and ribs 24c
higher.
The leading futures ranged at follown:
Art.cles. Open. High. Low. Close
W2-eat No. 2— '
May 89% 894 894 *9%
July, old MTi 6«T» 85% SdS.
July, new 844 85% 84% . «,%
September, old. 81 % . 81% 81 % nr«,
September, new. 79% 804 79% *Ojs
Corn, No. 2 —
May 404 47 1<$4 4»;"-4
July 4S»/ t .48% ' 4S4 4SU
September 48 484 -i'V, 4S^
Oats, No. 2— - v
May 41% 41% J 40% 41V.
July 39 304 38 Tj ;<?)
September 30% 30% 30% U0%
Mess pork, per bbl —
May 11 724 II 724 11 65 11 <J5
July 11 87>/j 12 00 11 87% 11 »0
September 12 05 12 17% 12 05 12 07 V.
Lard, per ICO lbs—
May 0 60 C 60 « 574 0 574
July 6 724 6 774 « 70 70
September ....... S5 0 85 « 85 6 85
Short ribs, per 100 lbs —
May 8 SO
July 0 00 0 574 6 50 0 52'i
September CC5 0 70 605 0 07V.;
Future Grain and Provisions.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. .1074 — |4s qr cp new.132413.iyi
4s qr reg. ..107 107413s qr coup. ..106% 107
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — |O T Co fis..il!>t; —
Bay CPC 5».lO0%102 I Do 5s 111 —
Cal C G 5s. — 105 I Do con 5«.101%103Vi
Cal O & E g [Oceanic S 5s. 624724
m & ct 5s. 81 81V;|Om Cable Gs. — 122
Cal-st C 5s.ll6%117V«lPac O Im 4s. — 95VS
C C Wat 5s. — 101 IP E Ry 5s. 104% _
EdL&P6s— — JP&CH 6».104% —
F & C H 6s.ll44 — P & O R 6».11C —
Geary-st 6s.. — — |PoweIl-»t Cs. — 114
H C&S 54«.10O — ISac EGARSs. 96% —
Do 5s — 99 |SF & SJVSs.116% —
Hon R T fis.1044 — jSIerra R 6s. 110 —
L A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A 6» .
L A Ry 5s. Ill 4111% I (1900) 107%108i;
L A L Co Cs — — (1910) — 109
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd fts. — 105 <190R)Sr. A.1014
LAP lem 58.100 — (1905)Sr B.1024
Mkt-st C 6a. — 119« (1J>C»1) — 105
Do lem 59.113% — I (1912) — n«
MVft MT5S.1014 — |SPC 1 eg 5s.H0 _
NRR of C6s.lO7 107M| Do stmpd..l07%10SVI
Do 5s ....1164117 IS P B R 6s.l32 —
N P C R 5s. — 107 |S V Wat 6s..lO4%
N C Ry 5s.lO9 — I Do 4» 2dm. flS% m
N C P C 5s. 90 102 Do 4s 3dm. 90%10Oti
N S R R 5s. 03 100 Stkn G&Efi*. 95 »7U
O O L&H 5s.lO«41O7 U G & E 5s. — I0o
O W gtd 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 40 |Port Costa... '¦
Marln Co... — .61 |S V Wat Co. 3&K 38K
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 4 (8 F d & E. 61 62
Mutual E L. 12 12%IStkn G * E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 56% — |U O A E Co. — 33
INSURANCE.
Firem'a Fnd. — 340 |
\: BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l25 — L P & A....132U
Anglo-Cal . . 824 87 Mer Trust. . .200 —
Bank of Cal.4274430 M*reh Ex . — —
F^atEniZ -
SAVINGS BANKS.
G«r S & L.226O 2350 ISav * L So. — 100
Hum S A L. — — I Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — I Union T Co
S F Sav U.625 — | «
STREET RAILROADS.
California..— 2f0 jPrf«idl 0 »% —
POWDER,
Giant .. 604 614IVigortt ..... 4% 4V.
* SUGAR.
liana P Co. — 40c Kllauea S C. 3 4
Hawaiian C; 494 80' Makaweli C. 21 —
Honokaa S C 11% 12 Ocomea S C. 24 27
: Hutch 8 P C »H 84 Paauhau 8 C. 13H 14
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 140 140T4|Oceanlc S Co. - \v.
Cai F C A. — 1004|Pac Aux FA. 8 6
Cat Wine A. 814 924JPac C Borx.165 187
MV& Mt.Tm.lC0 — I
Morning Session. . •
Board—
20 California Wine Association... 9i 75
25 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar, cash.. 49 25
15 Honokaa S Co .*. 11 m-iu.
10 8 F Gaa & Electric 62 00
5 Spring Valley Water Co. cash. 38 «2Vi
$2,000 Cal Gas A El Gen M A C T 5s. 81 25
$1,000 Spring Valley 4s <2d mtge).... 09 CO
$16,0f'M> Spring Valley 4s <2d mtge).... 90 12U
$1,000 Spring Valley 4a (3d mtge) loo CO
Street —
45 Alaska Packers' Association... 140 0t>
50 Spring Valley Water Co 33 62 VS
Afternoon Session. ,
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 140 50
35O Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 4a 5O
10 Hutchinson S P Co . g pu
140 Hutchinson S P Co... 0 25
100 Paauhau S P Co.../. 13 23
$2,000 Cal Q A E gen M A CT 5». b 8. 81 25
$1,000 Spring Valley 4a (2d mtge).... 90 124
$1,000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge).... 99 Oo'
Street —
20 Spring Valley Water Co 38 624
THURSDAY. May 5 — 2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
i r_. . THE COAST RECORD. '
••. ¦: I ifi|5i If I
; ..stations. ~ 2=53=3 ?** £
;-i • • t*i"* • ? 1
j: / • : S S • j , f
." Baker '.23.W 58 28 SW Cloudy .00
• Caxson 2a. 92 74 3« W Pt.Cldy .00
Ktjwka .'. :«O.1« WJ 42 W Pt.Cldy .00
.* Fresno 2».90 M 50 NW Clear 00
:= E*T Farallon.Sn.O4 52 49 NW Cloudy .CO
•FlngstafT 29.78 CS 34 W Pt.Cldy .0")
' Potatello 30. On «0 ?& W Pt.Cldy .00
1 impendence .2S.S2 ftO 50 SE Clear .00
* ,lx» Ar.jctle«..a>.l»4 70 52 W Clear .00
V Mt TamalpaiJ.30.04 «7 4* XV Pt.Cldy .00
• "N- rth Head. ...... . . 42
- p»,o»r.;x" S3. 78 90 R«J W Clear .O0
- J?ol'<« Roes, .a.'-fl S3 *d NW Pt.Cldy OO
* Portlar.d 30.02 52 SK KB Rain .04
•' R<»1 -Bli'ff.. .TJ.V2 M 62 SW Pt.Cldy .00
: Rt«etnyr 30.06 «4 28 W Cloudy .00
- Sacramento ..2i>.&4 78 52 S Cloudy .00
' Fait I>«ke 2V.S»>> W 4<l NW Cloudy .Oo
¦'. £r .3 Francisco.ao.ru 02 4S W Pt.Cldy .00
. Fan LObisix>.2S.i*; « 44 SW Clear .00
Sa- IjifRO 2J».»2 «4 r-fl W Clear .00
' Sp»%Mle ."W.O2 4S .18 K Rain .12
.5r>c.kan« 30. 00 50 .« S Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 25«>n 44 42 E Rain .30
— AV«Ha Walla. 2S« .96 5S 40 K Rain Tr.
• '^innrmucca .30.00 U8 M NW Cloudy .CO
' ..Yuina 29 -NO '.'2 50 SW Clear .00
'VWfiATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
• . ¦ ¦ FORECAST.
• The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
" «K>rthem half of the Pacific Slope, and a dis
' turhanee of moderate energy is passing rapidly
' "«r-rc*s Washington. Cloudy weather prevails
. 'etneraUy* north of San Francisco, while fair
wathrr prevails in the FOUth.
Rain has fallen at Portland. Seattle, Tatoosh
. end Walla Walla. ¦ ;;¦ • '
. 'The aen-.ptrature has risen about 10 degrees
-. In the Sierras and Eartern Oregon.
Forecast- made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hoitrs ending midnight -May «: .
• • Northern Cali;oniia-^-Clou«y Friday, prob
' *»bly light rain m northern portion; fresh
southwest m-lnds. " .
.' Southern Calif orr.ia— Fair Friday; light north
• w*nds.
• 'Nevada— Cloudy Friday: cooler north.
' . Sun Francisco «nd vicinity— Cloudy Friday;
I fresh, south winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
FRUITS — Apricots. 8»4©104c for Royals and
I 9® 12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4U<9
! 6c; sun-dried. 3<g44c; Peaches. 54®74c:
'Pears. 8&U4c; Figs, white, 2463c in boxes;
I black 4Vic; Plums, pitted, 5(g7Vic per lb.
j PRUNES— 1903 crop, 2@2Uc for the four
! sixes.
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
rrop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows:* 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 4-crown,
j 4c per lb;. 3-crown. 4Vic: 2-crown. 4c: Malaga.
I loose 3-crown, 4c; 2-crown. »%c; Thompson's
seetllesK, 4c; seedless Sultanas. 34c; Seedless
1 Muscatels. 3^c; do floated, 34c; Seeded Rals
! in?, 10-oa cartons, fancy, 5'ic; choice, f>i4«S;
• 12-cz cartons, fancy, 44c; choice, 4%c; In
! bulk, fancy. O',4c; choice, 5c: Imperial clus
i ters, $3; Dehesa, "$2 50; fancy, $2; London
' Layers 3-crown, $1 35 ; 2-crown. $1 25.
i NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 134@14c;
No. 2. 114©12c: No. 1 hardshell. 130134c;
No 2. lliS114c; Almonds. 114c for Nonpa
! rells. llVJc for 1 X L, lie for Ne Plus Ultra
land 9V4c for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for
Eastern; Pecans. ll«13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50<55.
: HONEY— Ccmb. lOtfillVic for white and 84
©94c for amber; water white extracted. 5<d
j5Vic: Mght amber extracted. 44@4%c; dark.
i 'tJEESWAX— 27@29c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisi}is,Honey.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Lead was steady at $4 60@4 <I6 in the New
York market, but declined Is 3d In, London to
£11 17s Cd. /
¦ Spelter was unchanged in both markets.
London quotes spot at £22 2s 6d. while the
local prices range from $5 20 to $5 25.
Iron cloned at 52s In Glasgow and at 44s 6d
in Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron remains quiet
No. 1 foundry. Northern. $15 25@15 75; No. 2
foundry. Northern, $14 7«*>@15 65- No 1
foundry, Southern, and No. 1 foundry South
ern, soft. $14!§14 50.
Copper advanced Is 3d in London to £58 7s
6d for spot and £58 Cs 6d for futures Locally
copper remained unchanged. Lake, $13 50
electrolytic, $13 124<gl3 25; casting, $12 874
@13 124.
NEW YORK. May 5.— The London tin mar
ket was unchanged at £127 13s for spot but
futures were .Is lower at £128. Locally the
market continues quiet and the Inside price was
lowered slightly, making the range $27 0O®
28 10.
Nezu York Metal Market.
2 p. ttl. Session.
No sales.
OATS— Arc still firmly held but quiet at un
chnnged quotations.
White, $1 :iO@l 40; Black, $1 25@1 30; Red.
$1 274411 35T Gray. $1 :;2^©1 37VJ per ctl.
COnN— Small yellow is very firm, with sales
up to $1 CO. The other descriptions are steady
and unchanged.
Western sacked. $1 42401 45 for Yellow and
White and $1 374 for Mixed: California large
Yellow.- $1 40<31 474: email round do. $1 55(9
1 00; White, fl 45© 1 474 per ctl; Egyptian,
$1 4U©1 50 for white and $1 27V401 30 for
brown. • ¦ .
HYE— $1 30@l 324 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 pC r Ctl.
. Open. High. Low. Close, j
May— No sales. $1 264 bid. $1 27 asked.
De-ember ...$120^ $1 2t>li $1 26% '$1 20%
BARLEY — A large sale of about 10,000 sacks
of river Barley was made on Wednesday, terms
private. The market yesterday showed little
change In the cash grain, but futures were
lower.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 05©l 08%: Shipping and Brew-
ing. $1 124©1 15; Chevalier. $1 10@l 20 for ;
fair to choice'.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
Mr»y $1 054 $1 05Vi $1 054 $1 054
December ... 05Vi W.4 94% «4%
California Club. $1 30(?l 35; California
White Australian, $1 624*21 574; Northern
Club. $1 30^135; Northern Ulut-stem. $1 50®
1 55 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 2«% $1 26% $1 2tl% . $1 -iti\
December ... 1 2o4 1 26% 1 26 1 20
2 p. m. Session.
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT— There was nothing new from
abroad. Chicago 'was higher. The Illinois
special State report says that the area for har
vest will b? about 1, SCO, 000 acres and that
only four times In the history of the State has
crop reporting been so small. The yield will
average about three-quarters of a crop, the
deficiency being due to poor growth, drowning
out. ' etc. Jones, the statistician, says of the
American crop: "At best the country win raise
20.000,000 bushels less than in. 190.'! and may
run oft CC.OOO.WO if the weather is unfavor
able."
This market continued quiet and not, ma
terially changed. ' ¦.
Wheat and Other Grains.
E . " UiOth Meridian — Pacific Time.)
' .' . KAN FRANCISCO. May 5—5 p. m.
• " • The lolicw'.r.K are the seasonal rainfalls to
' «Jatf a* compared with thc*e of same date last
••• season and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
. *. ' Last This Last
8tatinn« — 24 hour*. »ea*cn- season.
"••Eurrka 0.00 «53.27 5O.46
• Jt*d Bluff' O.OO 31.00 23.1.'.
- J?xu-f»iT»-nto 0.O0 1«.7» 1«.«2
• -*;«n J-raneieco 0.00 20.58 18.2*
I- -Fr^«no 0.00 7.JW «.5O
• .lr^ P i*ndi«nce O.OO 2.57 2.34
\SariLyU Obispo.... 0.00 16.91) 1S.49
•¦• \,r± Ar.gelr 9 0.00 S.<« 19.29
. *an Diego 0.00 4.28 11.C2
Weather Report.
Morning Session.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mining Stocks.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 854
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 874
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 884
New York Kxchance. sight — 024
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 05
Sliver, per ounce — 54%.
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 Q 454
Exchange and Bullion.
The California-street Cable Railroad Com
pany will pay a regular monthly dividend of
75c share on May 11.
The Ew.i Plantation Company Is now paying
a dividend of 4 per cent at Honolulu.
The Del Rey Oil Company has levied an
assessment of 2c. delinquent May 17.
The Ophir Mining Company has received
$15. 1*48 UN as net proceeds of ths sale of four
railroad carloads of ore and fourteen carloads
aro orr the way or in process of sale, two more
carload;, having Just been shipped.
The dividend of 5 per cent now being paid
to the depositors of the Pacific Bank (in
liquidation) makes 45 per cent of the deposits
paid to date. It is thought that possibly 10
per cent more may be paid.
At the annual meeting of the California Gas
and Electric Corporation the following directors
were re-elected: F. H. Anderson, F. XV. Zelle
N. D. Rtdeout. E. J. de Sabla Jr.. John A.
Brltton. R. M. Hotallng. John C. Coleman. F.
G. Drum and John Martin. William G. Hea
shaw nnd L?on Slots were elected to fill the
vacancies caused by the retirement of E. W.
Hopkins and J. Henry Meyer. E. J. de Sabla
Jr. was elected president. John Martin first
vice president. F. G. Drum second vice presi
dent. R. M. Hotallng treasurer. John A. Brit
ton general manager and C. W. Conllsk secre
tary-. A dividend (No. 1) of 25c. amounting
to $17,500, was declared payable May 16. Here
after the regular annual meeting will be held
on the first Monday after thj third Tuesday
in April.
The Pacific Auxiliary Fin? Alarm Company
has declared a dividend of 10c per share, pay
able May 17.
Ex-dlvWend yesterday: Pacific Lighting
Company, regular monthly. 35c per share
amounting to $14,000; Onomea Sugar Company,
regula- monthly, 20c per share, amounting to
The oil' stocks showed no change worthy of
note. The Comstocks were weaker, with Ophir
selling ex-dividend of 50c
The sugar stocks were very firm yesterday,
with fractional advances in Hawaiian Commer
cial, Honokaa and Hutchinson under Increased
l?4^14O A lo SlCa PaCke " W *" » ISO to™ "
Sugar Stocks Somewhat Higher
Under Better Saks.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, il JSfl!
for fancy. 90c<g$l CO for choice and 75c@$l 10
for standard; Tangerines, nominal; Lemons.
$2 50i@2 75 for fancy, ?l 5O4?l 75 for
choice and $161 25 for standard; Grape Fruit.
$1 25@2; Mexican Limes. $4 5005 per case;
Bananas.- $2{«3 per bunch for Central Amer
ican and $1&- £or Hawaiian; Pineapples. sjy3
p<r doxen.
APPLES— $'.<g2 50 per box,
Trade In the Citrus Fruit • market was of
small volume, as buyers were confining their
attention chiefly to Berries. The market, how
ever, had a better tone, as fresh receipts were
light and stocks of low grade fruit were less
liberal than previously. The trade was buy-
Ing on size rather than on quality and desira
ble sizes of all grades commanded a prem
ium. The managers of the auction company
announced that only three ears were in sight
for to-day's sale. Cuban Pineapples were of
fering again. Ten erates came in and sold
at $2 5C©4 per^ dozen, as to size. ¦ There was
nothing new to' report in other fruits.
STRAWBERRIES — $li©10 per chest for
Longworths and $3 50®5 for the larger va
rieties.
There were sixteen 10- lb drawers of Purple
Gulgne Cherries received from various points
on the Sacramento River. The stock was
mostly poor and sold from $1 25@1 75 per
drawer, as to quality. Strawberries were easier
under Increased receipts. Attractive lots of
Longworths met with prompt eale at full fig
ures, but the quotations had a wider range,
as there**was a considerable quantity of poor
stock received. Occasional lots of the large
varieties sold in a peddling way at $6 per
chest, but there were not enoush sales at that
figure to warrant such a quotation. Receipts
were 107 chests of Longworths and 213 chests
and 6 cratea of the large varieties. The
crates came from Florin and sold at 75c p*T
crate. A crate containing. 30 baskets of Rasp
berries came in from Los Angeles and sold at
35c i>er basket. •»
Deciduous and Citrus.Fruits.
PEACHES— Are quiet, but with supplier
light, ; prices . ruling firm. Choice. 7%@74c;
extra choice. 7%@Rc; fancy. 94Q10c.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues to attract a light demand, but attractive
fruit is cmifldently held. Common, 4@5%c:
prime, 5%Q5%c; choice, e%$C4c; fancy,
7tf7 4c.
PRUNES — The market is rather unsettled,
there beine some celling pressure, while de
mand continues moderate. Prices range from
3c to . r .%c. according to grade. .
APRICOTS— Are steady to firm. Choice.
94«5T10c; extra choice. 10%@104c; fancy, 11
£13c.
DRIED FRUITS,
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 in\'oice
6%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 10<f?13e. The mar
ket for coffee futures closed steady, 15@30
points lower. Sales. 10.C00 base, including:
May, 5.45«j3.55c: July. 5.«5«?5.75c; September.
5.»ii<8«.05c; October 6.00c; December, 0.15®
6.35c; January. B.20&&S0C; March, 6.40@6.«0c.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining. 3 3-16c;
centrifugal, 96 teet, 3 23-32c; molasses sugar,
2 15-lCc to 2 31-32& Refined was firm.
NEW YORK. May 5.— FLOUR— Receipts,
5S0O barrels; exports, 8900 barrels; steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 2000; spot, firm; No. 2
red, SI 05 elevator; No. 2 red, $1 OC(gl 10
f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth, 99Vic
f. o. b. afloat. Options were strong all day.
The market closed %ffl4c net higher. May
closed at 92%c; July h»V a c to 90 3-16c, closed
90c: September closed S3Vjc; December, S24c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
New York Grain and Produce.
STOCK MABKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
SEATTLE. May 6.— Clearings, $624,831; bal
ances, $64,669.
TACOMA. May 5.— Clearings, $33,542; bal
ances. $45,376.
PORTLAND, May 5.— Clearings, $521,126;
balances. ¥04,841.
SPOKANE. May 5. — Clearings, $453,413; bal
ances, $75,597.
Northern B::sinesi
¦ -,'The report of Edward A. Bea'.s. Section Di
' rector United State* Weather Bureau, for
'th* Orefron Crop Bulletin for the week ended
/• >lay 3. U as follows:
Th» pa-«t week has been too cool for rapid
' . growth Heavy rains have occurred in the
&mmt eountit-*. and in portions of the eastern
. and the southern section* of the State. Lirnt
¦"frort* occurred Monday morning in Douglas.
¦Jacksoa' and Josephine counties, and a hard
" frost was reported in Umatllla County and a
'•few other localities Saturday morning. These
• Tj-om*. together with those of the previous
•¦»«eek have done some damage to fruit, but
\jtj*t how much can not yet be ascertained.
: .. !« is .believed that cherries and Italian prunes
* .r,ave suffered the most, and that peachK.
¦ - : I^iir*. strawberries, petite prunes and arpies
have Kenerally escaped injury.
The s-eil is in excellent condition for plow
fr.g and this work ha» proceeded rapidly. Fall
••wheat, barley and oaU continued to make
• good «dvanc*ment and spring grain is coming
' -up to good stands. Hot* are well up on the
Swine, and their cultivation i« being pushed
•jbaxlv planted gardens aj-e coming up nicely.
: aV.d the soil is being prepared for late garden
. ••truck. Pasture* and stock continued to Im
'- rrov«, and the flow of milk In the dairy dis
tricts is increasing. Sheep shearing is gen
*. *ral. but reports regarding the clip have been
••too few- to make an tstimate regardir.g the
• yifld.
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
• -' A Npw York wire yesterday said: "A I>jn
t don'special fays that a Japanese loan or ••„'«¦
/ O11O.COO will bt- brought out next /.^j*^
• OfiO.OOnr to be taken in London and «/13.<»w,wo
.•in New York Th^ proceeds of the New
I • lt>*n will be left here in New York to pay for
' war_ supplies.".
Japan Floating a Loan.
April. Price* receded late in the day under
offerings by tired holders, but the decline did
not Droceed far. The day'e net chanees were
trivial losses.
There vas more variety in the bond market
than in stocks, but the tone was irregular.
Total sale*. 52.43O.00O.
United States old 4s coupon declined «i per
cent on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
AtchlRon 24,700 72% 72 l i 72%
Atehison prd..;.... 400 93 02% 92%
Baltimore &. Ohio.. 2,300 . 79 Vi 1H% ~&\
Bait & Ohio pfd... 100 904 »»V» 90»i
Canadian Pacific.:. «00 117% 117Vi H7Vi
Ccn of New Jersey. 157
Chesapeake & Ohio. .•....' SOVi
I Chicago & Alton... 100 37H 37^j 37%
Chi & Alton p.'d... 81
Chi Great Western. 900 16 15% 15%
Chicago & N W... 2liO 171% 171% 170
Chi Mil & Ft Paul. 6.000 143% 142^ 142%
C. M & St P pfd 176
Chi Term & Trans 8V*
Chi T & T pfd 18
C. C. C & St Louis 70
Colorado Southern. 100 15?« 15*b 15%
Colo South 1st pfd 52Vi
Colo fckmth 2d pfd. 100 22V» 22^ 22Vi
Delaware & Hudson 400 157 Vi 157 15*i
Del Lack & West ; 209 Vi
Denver & Rlu G 20Vi
Den & Rio G pfd «9V»
Erie 1,700 24H 24% 24Vi
Erie 1st pfd 500 63% C3% 63V*
I Erie 2d pfd 3SVi
Hocking Valley 66
1 Hocking Valley pfd 100 79% 79% 70
i Illinois Central 200 130 130 129%
I lew a Central 100 18 Vi 18 Vi 18
i Iowa Ce^t-al pfd.. 34
I K C Southern 17%
K C Southern pfd 34%
Louis & Nash 500 107 J 4 107% 107 U
Manhattan L... 142Vi
I Metropolitan Sees 75 %
1 Metropolitan St Ry. 5,100 110% 109 109*
! Minn & St Louis 42
M. Bt P & S S M. 1,800 «2V& 61*4 •-'
11. MI' & SS M pfd. 100 118 118 117
Missouri Pacific feOO 92U 91% 91 Vi
Mo, Kan & Texas 17
M. K & T pfd 364
Ntl R R Mex pfd 36V»
New York Central. 400 115% 115 115
Norfolk & Western. 700 67 &«% 6li%
Ncr & West pfd 88
Ontario & Western. 600 21VS 21Vi 214
Pennsylvania 43.800 11514, 114 11 4 >.,
P. C. C t St Louis 56
Reading 2.200 43Ts 43% 43V*
Reading 1st pfd ' IC6 78Vi 7SV4 78V*
Reading 2d pfd ' 60V«
Rock Island Co 7.S00 23^4 224 224»
Rock Island Co pfd 7.70i> CC% 65 05%
StL & SF.2d pfd.i .400 48 . 47% 47%
St Louis 8 W 100 134 134 13
St Louie S W pfd.. 1.100 34 33 33
goufhern Pacific... 3,900 47% 47 47%
Southern Railway. -- 2.H00 21 20% 20%
Eouihern Ry pfd.. 1,100 83% S3Ts 84
Texas & Pacific 22%
T. St L & W-. : . . . . 10« 25% 25?6 25%
T. St L & W pfd.. 100 3S\ 38% 38V 4
Union Pacific 22,500 85Vi 84% 844
Union Pacific pfd 31
Wabash - 18
Wabash pfd 300 " 37% 37% S7%
AVhe«llnc &LE 15%
Wisconsin Central. 100 17% 17% 17»,«
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 400 3:» 39 i'J
Mexican Central .. 400 7% . "Vi 7!4
Express Companies —
Adams \ 220
American 180
Urlted States ' .... ...". 103
Wells-Fargo 203
Miscellaneous — •
Amalgam Copper.. 17.100 4SU 474 47%
Am Car & Foundry 400 174 17 1«%
Am Car & F pfd.. 100 71 71 70
Am Cotton Oil .... ', • 23Vi
Am Cot Oil pfd ....... T &»
Am Ice 6%
Am Ice pfd ... 200 28 28 1 ¦ 27>>'-
Am Linte-d Oil ... Sii
Am Lin Oil pfd 2s
Am Locomotive ...) . - . lrt'i
Am Locomo pfd ..'. 200' 82 ¦ 82 81h
Am Smelt & net... 100 4S% ' 48% 48%
Ar.-« Smelt & R pfd ' 200 95 04% 34'^
Am Susar Refining 1,4(K) 127% 127Vi 127<i
Aiaconda Min Co.. 400 70 76 70
Br<v,k!yn Rap Trn. '3,000 ' 464 45% «5^
Colo Fuel & Iron .... 314
Consolidated Gat... 900 2094 208% 20«
Corn Products 100 12% 12% 12» 4
Corn Products pfd. 100 70% 70% 704
Distillers Securities TIS't
General Electric... 100 157 157 1574
Interim Paper 11
Internat Paper pfd .... .615.
Ir.ternat Pump ..... &S4
Internat Pump pfdj .-•"..' .... ..;. 7C
National Lead 500 17Vi I«% l«»4
North American .. ICO 8»4 844 844
Pacific Mail 300 27 V4 27 27
People's Gas 500 07% 97 W7
Pressed Steel Car 27
Preieed S Car pfd. 100 70 70 G'JVa
Pullman Pal Car .... 210
R«I-ubllc .Steel .100 C% 0% «%
Republic S pfd COO 42 41% 41%
Rubber Goods 15%
Rubter Goods pfd 704
Tenn Coal & Iron. 200 354 35% 35%
U S Leather 300 OTi ti% «%
' tJ S Leather pfd ... > 79 %
U S Realty 2.200 7t» 7 7'A
C S Realty pfd 800 C0% 60 53 : >i
U S Rubber 2,100 17% 10% 10%
U S Rubber pfd... 200 67 «!«% Mi^
U S Steel 400 lOVi 10 10
U H Steel pfd 17.200 55% 55«4 55%
Westinghxe Elect.. ' 200 155 155 155
Western Union bS
Total sales ...1S7.900
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. May 5.— Bond transactions In
United Railroads of San Francisco: 18,000 at
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common. 4% bid. 4% asked; preferred, 35%
bid. 3ti% a«ked. .
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO5 L & N unified 4i.lOO*4
Do coupon 105 Man con gold if.. 10; »*
Do .Sfi reg .....100 Mex Cent 4s C74
Do coupon 1(»« y Ob 1st lnc 13
Do new 4s reg.i:<24 Minn & St L 4s.. 9G%
Do coupon 132H M K & T 4s 100%
Do old 4s reg.. 107 Do 2d« 78%
Do coupon .107 NR of Mex con 4s 74-
Atch gen 4s 1014 N Y C gen ::4s.. 99
Do adj 4s ..... 91% N J C gen 5a 1U04
Atlantic C L 4s. 94% Nor Pac 4s 10*
Bal Si Ohio 4s... 101 Do 33 72%
Do 34« 94%|Nor & W con 4s. 58
Central of Ga 5s.lO«4!OSL 4s & partic. 04%
Do 1st lnc 72 Pa conv 34s 94%
Ches & Ohio 44*.102% Reading gen 4s... 08%
Chi & Alton 34s. 774 SL & 1 M con Cs.113 4
C. B & Q new 4.s. 94% S L & S F fg 4s. 824
CM A KP «;n 41.109 St Louis SW lsU. 04
C & NW con 7«.127% Seaboard A L 4a. 6A
C, R I & Pac 4s. 71 So Pacific 4s .... 014
Do col 5s 814 So Railway .".» Il»»«i
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.l00%, Tex & Pac Ista..ll84
Chi Term 4s .... 80% T. St L & XV 4s. 70%
Com Tobacco 4s. C9 | Union Pac 4s ....105
Colo & So 4s 84% Do conv 4s 97U
O F & I con 5s.. 73 JlJ S Steel 2d 5s.. 72%
Den & Rio G 48. !W | Wabash lets 115%
Erie, prior lien 4«. 98%l Do deb B ..... 61%
Do gen 4« M%|W & L Erie 4s..j894
F W & DC lsts.lO74IW!« Cent «s 6014
Hock .Val 44»....1O7 ,.t -¦ >:• • • •
. NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. • '¦ .
Ai!am»'*Con :.... SOILittle Chief '...'..:'O5
Alice -20Ontarlo .......175
Brecce . lftjOphir , ...«..; 6.50
Bruns Con O'i Potosi lfl
Com Tunnel' 131Sa.va.ge. * 34
Con; Cal & Va.. 1 75 [Sierra Nev. J . 6«>
Horn Silver 1 35 Hmall Hopes .... 15
Iron Silver 1 75 Standard 2 CO
Leadville Con ... 02 •
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. May 5. — WHEAT — Market un
changed. BlueEtem. S4c; club. 74c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. May 5. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla. 71073c; blue*tem. 84c; Valley, 85c.'
The total wheat shipment.*, from this port
for the week ending to-day were 125,278
bush'ls.
The steamer Indrashama cleared from here
to-day with a cargo for Oriental ports with
C6.200 bus-hels of wheat.
Northern JVhcat Marker.
ST. LOUIS. May 5.— Wool steady. Medium
grades, combing and clothing, 2O'^^21c; light
flue, 18© 17 V,c; heavy fine, 144x11 Vie; tub
washed, 2og:$lc.
St. Louis Wool Market;
There was no further advance in Eggs yes
terday and in fact some dealers found the
market less firm. Stocks are still large and
will shortly be increased by importations from
the East, as several cars are now rolling this
way. being offered here at ISc to arrive. Quo
tations for all descriptions remain unchanged.
The Butler market continues heavily supplied
and weak, with roost dealers willing to shade
the top quotation to sell. Receipts continue
very large, as will be seen.
There Is no change to report in Cheese.
Receipts were 78,100 lbs Butter. 1520 cases
Eggs and 72,200 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at Srst hands, IS^lDc
for extras and 17@17»4c for firsts; dairy. 15©
17 %c; store Butter, 13&14c; cold storage, nom
inal.
CHEESE — 8©9c for good to c.io:c» n*w
and 7#TVaC for lower grades; Young Americas,
fii^@10c; Eastern, .TglCc; Western, lifclS 0
per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 2O<022V4c for fair to choice;
store. 17@20c per dozen. '
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
LONDON. May 5.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day amounted to 15,300 bales.
There was a large attendance and compe
tition was animated. Geelong greasy was in
good demand, and several parcels were taken
for America at higher rates. Crossbreds were
In good request for the home trade and oc
casionally for America.
London Wool Sales.
NEW YORK. May 5.— The cotton market
clotcd steady at an advance of 12 points.
Nezv York Cotton Market:
WASHINGTON. May 5.— To-day's statement
of the treasury shows: Available cash l>£.l
ance, $218,755,603; gold, $114,805,911.
Condition of the Treasury.
Cons money.... 89 9-16 N T Central HS?i
Do acct 89 11-16 Nor & Western.. 5«H
Anaconda 4 Do pfd 90%
Atehison 14% Ont & Western.. 22
Do pfd fisuj Pennsylvania ...... mvi
Bal & Ohio SI Rand Mines IO14
Can Paclrtc 120% Reading 22%
Ches & Ohio 31 %| Do 1st pfd 40
Chi Great West.. 16 Do 2d pfd 31
Chi. Mil & St P. 147 I So Railway : 21%
De Beers 19 Do pfd ....87
D«n & Rio G ?0»ilSo Pacific 4ST4
Do pfd 72 Union Pacific 8714
Erie 25UI Do pfd 94Vi
Do 1st pfd (SUlli; S Steel 101^
Do 2d pfd 40 •( Do pfd 5«14
111 Central 133^1 Wabash 19
Louis & Nash. ..110 j Do pfd 38 '.4
M. K &- Texas... 17?,]Spanlsh 4s 8i%
Bar sliver— Steady. 20 3-16d per ounce.
Money— ligiv; per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2 1-KUR2M, per cent and for
three months' bill* 2M,@2Vi per cent.
London Closing Stocks.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening 6 3% 6 4Vi
Closing 6 3V4 6 4%
PARIS,
Wheat — May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 21 10 20 40
Closing -20 95 20 40
Flour —
Opening 27 85 27 35
Closing 27 80 27 35
Foreign Futures.
Cal NW 5»..l««HU0Vi!S P Co 4<4s-100%101%
M C Wat 5s-10O — 'Tun Tel .6.".. 113 —
RIs I Wks3s — 107H Sfcttr-st ltSs.105 113
SF Drdk 5» — lia«,| UR of SF 4e. 73% 73%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al* 8 Co. .. 24 — |Mat Nav Co. — 80
Cal Cot Mils 8« — |Nev Nat Bk. — 200
Cal G&ECor. 45 — |N s* R R Co. 9*4 —
C Jockey C1.13O 150 H Cal P Co. 11 11%
Cal Powder.. 125 — |oak Fk Sav.ll2Vi —
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 lOak T Coa.. 75- —
Cal T I & T — 133 |1OOF Hall A 6 —
Cen Bk. Oak 62 «5 lOrphvcir Co.. 14 — '
Chutes Co .. — 7H ! Pac C Cas..l20 —
C.ty & C Bk — 112 ,'Pac S Tel... — 1C2
Cyr. L Imp.. 6 — Vartti Paint.. 38 —
East Dynm.. — 250 »S F Drydock 60 —
DpntPwd pfd 80 W> ISK&SJ Coal. — SO
Do com ... — 50 |S'J Waf Co. — 10«
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — | SO & MT*bt.l25 —
F'hcher Thtr — 75c tSwiss-A Bk.,113 —
Frnth-A Bk.106 — ; Truck Elect.. 12^ 12Vi
Ca« Con A.. — 22 iUK inC pfd. 43 —
Hono P Co. — 14V»i lxi com ...» —
Lon& SF Bk — CO ,
Morning Session.
Board —
$35,000 United R R or S F 4 per cent. . 7S 5©
Street —
$39,000 United 11 R of S F 4 per cent. . 7S 25
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Ask^d.
Associated Trust Cert 13 2i»
Caribou 4 25 Jmi
Central Point Con en • 7S
Chicago Crude 21 ....
Claremont »c ' t!O
Four ©> ' «2
F^ton S75
Giant 13
Hanford 181 CO 2<JU GO
Home 1 bo 1 KJVi
Imperial Is C<>
Independence 24 2S
1 Junction IS It!
Kern River ID 50 ! 12 CO
LU n Ot
Monarch of Arizona .TS 4<»
Moite Crlsto 70 Tr»
Occidental of W Va 13 14-
Oil City Petroleum 44 -»7
Peerless 13 n> ' 13 25>'
Reed Crude •. 1 5O
Sovorelgn tl 47
SterlinK 2 .V">
Thirty-three 8 C5
Toltec 21
Twenty-eight 6 S7«i 7 25
Associatf-d Bond3 79
Teck 1 h>
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement 1 9)
Cal Gas & Electric Corp 3S 0f» .
California Shipping Co 2f> 00
rhates Company 7 CN» « i!A
Cy»ress Lawn Imp Co 6 00 7 CO
Fischer's Theater 30 5O
Northern Cal Power 11 00 11 50
SALES.
Morning Session. '
70O Occidental 14
50 Monte Cristo ffl
2CO Twenty-eight Oil 7 DO
Afternoon Session.
€50 Junction M 15
2C«iO Occidental, s^-10 *..... 1:1
1000 Occidental, b 4* l.\
ICO Home* 1 «>
10OO Independence, a 30 25
Japan floating a loan of $50,000,000.
\.W ' all-street Stocks rather easier. Cotton higher.
¦Si) gar Stocks advanced sn'cral fractions here.
Refined Sugar marked up aoc per pound.
Silver and Exchange show no further variation. . .
' WKcat crop experts figuring out a smaller yield.
'Large sale of river Barley reported.
'Oats avd Corn continue well held and firm.
¦feedstuffs strong and Hay easy, but no louver.
Lighter comparative stocks of Lima Beans.
Potatoes still in heavy supply and weak. Onions firm.
'.Poultry generally zeeak. Game unchanged.
Citrus Fruits quiet, but showing more tone.
Butter in heavy supply and weak. Cheese dragging.
Eggs plentiful, with Eastern ouiheway.
Provisions in good supply and still sIozl:
•Hops steadying, but no higher.
Lrscand dressed Meats as previously quoted. .
SUMMARY QF THE MARKETS.
Bonds — Westing Common. 78
Atchlson 4s 100H . Mining —
Do adj 4s 91 Adventure 1%
Mex eCnt 4s 66Vi Allouez 5
Railroads— Amal Copper 47%
Atchlson 72V4 Amer Zinc 0%
Do pfd .... 9214 Atlantic . 714
Boston & AIbany.247 Bingham 20%
Boston & Maine. 168 CaUmet & Hecla.4G5
Boston Elev no Centennial 19%
Fitchburg pfd 138 Copper Range ... 41 H
Mex Central 7 ttaly West 22 v;
N .T; N H & H..18S Dom Coal 65 Vi
Per« Marquette... 78% Franklin ~tV»
Union Pacific &4%IGrancy 3%
Miscellaneous— jlsle Roy ale 6»4
Amer Arge Chem. 14H Mass Mining 4
Do pfd 71% Mohawk 42
Araer Pneu Tube. 4% Mont Coal A Coke 2V,
Amer Sugar 127% Old Dominion ... 12%
Do pfd 12a Osceola 57
Amer Tel & Tel. 126 Parrot 24
Amer Woolen ... 10 Qulncy 81
Do pfd 74 Shannon 7%
T>om Iron * S... 9%|Tamarack 90
Ed Elect Ilium. .236 Trinity 3%
Gen Electric 168 IT S Mining 20H
Mass Electric 19*4IU g Oil 0V4
Do pfd 72m Utah 33%
Mass Gas 39?i| Victoria 3
Un Shoe Mach... 4f)Vilwinona 4%
Do pfd 29 I Wolverine 71-
Miscellaneous Markets.
CHICAGO, May 5.— CATTLE— Receipt*. 5000.
Steady. Good to prime, $5@5 75; poor to medi
um, $3 90@4 65: mockers and feeders, $3@4 40;
cows, $1 50@4 75; heifers, $2 25@4 76; canners,
$1 5CK&2 60; bulls. $2@4 10; calves, $2 5005;
Texas fed steers. $4@4 60.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day. 22,000; to-mor
row. 1S.00O. Steady to 5c higher. Mixed to
butchers, $4 70$ 4 85; good to choice heavy,
$4 75@ 4 i>0; rough heavy,. $4 60(84 75; light,
$4 60«J4 75; bulk of sales, $4 70@4 SO.
SHEEP— Receipts. 9000. Sheep and lambst,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $4 75®5 50;
fair to choice mixed, $3 50@4 60; Western
*heep (clipped). t-M'> 40: native lambs, $4 25®
5 75; Western lambs (clipped). $4 75@5 DO;
Weetern lambs (wooled), ?W|»J 90.
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
Flour qr Bks .. T.&41! Feed, sks 121
Wheat, ctls 12.040 Hides, No 755
Barley, ctls 59.132 Pelts. No 35
Oats, ctla 3,104 Leather, rolls .. 142
Corn, ctls IS Lime, bbls 4flO
Beans, sks .... 54S| Paper reams .. 635
Potatoes, sks .. 277, Chicory bbls .. 45
Onions, sks ... SOIBrandy. gals .. I.flnn
Bran sks 40 ; Raisins hxs.... 1.C0O
Middlings. i=ks.. 750, Sugar, ctla .... 1.50i>
Hay. tons 275iTallow. ctls ... 205
Straw, tons 13! Wine, gala 32.100
Wool, bales ... l.f^o'Qulcksllver, flks. 102
Short.« . sks W0]
OREGON.
Potatoes. *ks .. 67|
EASTERN.
Cornmeal. Ttls.. 000|Flour, qr sks . . 1.000
FOR THURSDAY. MAT 5.
Receipts of Produce.
SUGAR— Prices were advanced 10c all around
yesterday. The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.85c;
Powdered. R.70c; Candy Granulated. 5,70c;
Dry Granulated, fine. 5.60c; Dry Granu
lated, coarse, 5.60c; Fruit Granulated. 5.B0c;
Be«t Granulated (10O-lb bags only). S.fiOc:
Confectioners' A. 5.60c; Magnolia A. 5.2Oc:
Extra C. 5.10c; Golden C 5.00c: "D."
4.90c; barrels. 10c more: half barrels. 23e
more: boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more
for all kinds. Tablets-^Half barrels. 6.10c;
boxes. C..15c; H. A E. Crystal' Domino*. 8.60c
per lb. No orders taken for less than seventy
five barrels or ite equivalent.
COAL OIL — Water White" Coal Oil. in bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 20%e; Astral. 20^c;
Star. iuUc; Extra Star. 24Ue: Elaine. 2«Vjc:
Eocene, :.'•'{ Vie; Deodorised Stove Gasoline, la
bulk. 16c: In cases. 224c: Heniine. In bulk,
13c; in cases. 19Hc; 8>6-degree Gasoline In
bulk. '-5c; In casts. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c psr gallon in cases and
75c in drums and iron barrels.
•RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. "9
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7@7*ic. according to
quantity.
BAGS— Grain Bag*. 5%c spot and 6%c Jane-
July; San Quentin. |5 40; Wool Bags. 32833c;
Fleece Twine, 7© 8c.
COAL — Wellington. ?8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $3; Seattle. $« 50; Bryant. $6 SO; Bea
ver Hill. |S; Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend, *7; Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 in bulk and $14 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannei. $$ 50 per ton; Coke. $11 80«13
per ton in bulk and $15. in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 SO
per long ton, according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases, No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA. $1 lOtfl 12; Lucol, 45c for boiled
aad 43c for raw; China Nut. 60370c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil in barrels, 5Sc for Ceylon and &5c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. 85c; natural winter Sperm Oil. 80c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil, 65c: natural Whale
Oil, 60c; extra winter strained Lard Oil, 75c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. tJOc; pure Neatsfoot OH. 75c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c; light Herring Oil.
45c; dark Herring Oil. 43c; Salmon Oil. 38c;
boiled Fish Oil. 40c; raw Fish OH. 3Sc: boiled
Paint Oil. 35c; raw Paint OH. 33c.
General Merchandise.
change to-day the butter market was weaker;
creameries. 14@21c; dairies, 13 Eggs,
easy; , at mark, cases - Included, 15% 616c.
Cheese, easy; 8'4©10Hc.
Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars, 60 per Cent off.
and SUts. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
Receipts of domestic Poultry were about 60
coops and the market was weak for the general
run of. offerings. Toung Roosters and Fryers
were sea ice and continued to command high
prices and occasional lots of exceptionally fine
stork commanded a premium. The market
was bare of Western stock, but a car was re
ported clo«se at hand and scheduled for to-day's
market. There were no changes in Game.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 15@17c per lb:
Geese, per pair. $1 50®2; Goslings. $2 50® 3 50;
Ducks. $5(35 50 per dozen fur old and $ti@6 50
for young; Hens, $0<9« 50 for large and
$1 50® 0 tor email; young Roosters, $7 5m0
8 50; old Roosters. $1 5U<@5: Fryers. $ti@7:
Broilers, $3©4 for large and $2@3 for
small; Pigeons, $1 23{i 1 M per doz:n- for old
and $1 "fi.'Hi." for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese, $3 60@4 per dozen;
"White Geese $1 25® 1 75; Brant. $1 50®2 50;
Honkers, $»wS, English Snipe, $4; common
Snipe. $1 754*2; Cottontail Rabbits. $1 75^2;
Brush Rabbits, %l 50; Hare. $1 50@l 73.
Poultry and Game.
ONIONS— Tellow, $2 50@2 75 per ctl for Ore-
Ron and $3 50@4 for Australian: new Red,
$1 75@2 per ctl; Green Onions, 50c per box.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus -JVjdjfTc per ib;
Rhubarb, 35®50c for bay a"hd 60@75c per box
for San Jose; Green Peas. $1@1 50; Garden
Peas. 2Vie»c per lb; String Beans, 6®
8c per lb; Tomatoes. J 101 60 per
box cr crate for Los Angeles and ?l 25@1 50
for Mexican; Summer Squash. $1@1 50 per
box; Cabbage. $1 50 per ctl; Carrots, 50c per
*ack: Hothouse Cucumbers. 75c@$l 25 per
doxen: Garlic, nominal; Egg Plant. 20323c
per lb; -Dried Peppers, g®10c for sun-dried
and 12%«813p per lb for evaporated; Dried
Okra, 12%®15c p# r lb; Green Peppers, 8@12^c
per lb for Los Angeles and 15@20c for Mexican;
Marrowfat Squash. Jobbing at lH©2c per lb.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, $1 50
@1 65 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks. $1 50@l 75
per ctl; River Reds, $1@1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Burbanks for seed, $1 25®1 50 per ctl;.
Garnet Chiles. $1 75®2 per ctl; Early Rose,
$1 40@l 60 per ctl; new Potatoes, 2@2»4c per
pound.
canners cleaned up surplus stocks at 4 He f° r
No. 2 and 5c per pound for No. 1. Rhubarb
continued to arrive freely and ruled weak at
unsteady rates. The other vegetables were in
good request for local' use and for shipment to
Puget Sound ports and most kinds were steady
at previous ¦ prices. ¦ ,
Receipt* of vegetables Included 1045 boxes
of Asparagus, 801 boxes of Rhubarb and 661
sacks of Peas. . - •
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, , FRIDAY, MAY 6, 1904.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, May 6.— On the Produce - Ex-
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
/\X AUCTION.
On MONDAY, May 9. at 11 o'clock.
At JOHN SOUTH' S STOCKYARD3.
TWELFTH AND HARRISON STREETS.
By order of S. Harris of Modoc County I
wUl sell 85 head Of choice, sound young horses
that weigh from 110O to 14C0; btocky and
heavy boned; ar« all in good condition, and
have been driven. Any one wanting to pur-
chase good sound young horses at his owa
price should be sure and attend this sal*.
The above stock are on the way and will ar-
rlv» at the yards Saturday morning, and must
anfl will be sold. S. WATXINS. Auctioneer.
Office. 122 Prove «t. .Clerk' Sharp Transferred.
¦:) J.. Everett Sharp, -sub-clerk ' in « the
pbstofflce ; at; San "Jose, : has been > trans
ferred to the postoffice in this city." V ,
Mother's Milk
'Alone, as a food for. babies,' . excels . in
safety, nutriment -and: convenience j$ or _
den's ! Eagle. Brand Condensed Milk. Its
user for infant : feeding- is constantly in
, creasing, as. both physicians and mothers
find it is Just what the infant needs for
- health and normal increase in weight. *
:• Amelia 1 Wright,. adjuster, San Fran
cisco," filed Jl'\ petition . in i insolvency in
the United) States District; Court ; yes
terday. ; She * owes ' 1 1 0 9 2 v and ; ; has ; no
assets. » Hor creditors . reside in Pasa
dena' and- this -city. • . • '¦-.*/¦¦
Insolvent Adjuster.
IColberto Cororiado, who was con
victed in the Superior-Court of Santa
Clara County of murdering Francisco
Norona, was granted a new trial by
the Supreme Court yesterday. The
information . charged the defendant
with' killing Norona, but. It .was. riot
stated -that- the lastnamed was a hu
man being. As; a* 1 result of this over
sight Santa Clara County must stand
the expense of another trial.
Co round o Gets New Trial.
Convey Interest in Boyd Estate.
- Deeds were recorded yesterday by
! Henry and . Margaret . Hollowbush
showing the conveyance to Jean Mc-
Gregor Boyd of all - their right, title
and interest, to'- the* estate. of the late
i Alexander Boyd. ,
Log Cabin! 'The bread with a flavor." Ask
your deaU-r— whol«-Mto — dOO Dolores ct. •
Charles , X. . Pryal, an : .electrical
'.worker, yesterday filed a suit for $25,
000 damages against the San Fran
! dsco Labor-Council, the two electrical
I workers' i unions located In this city
and the Painters' Union. He alleges
that because he is not a member of
j any of the defendant organizations he
. has been prevented from making a
! living for—Tilmself and family. He
' says the defendants have formed a
| conspiracy against him with the re
! suit that he is unable to employ men
I to help him carry, out his contracts.
I • Pryal's complaint, which is a
f lengthy document and . was ' drawn up
I by Attorney Bush Fenriell. alleges
' that the defendants • by intimidation
| drove him out of . business here last
year, wrecked his business in San Ma
1 teo. where he went after leaving here,
compelled him' to give up paying con
tracts in Santa Rosa, in which town
he essayed to start' up in business af
ter leaving San Mateo, and then upon
his return to this city caused the can
cellation of contracts-he had secured
; from a number of firms by threatening
,.to boycott the firms unless the work
[Svas taken from him.
Electrical Worker Sues for Damages
i for Alleged Interference With
• His -Bights.
PRYAIi SAYS HE IS VICTIM
_' ' OF PEBSECCTIOX OF -UNIONS
; \yOMAN FAINTe IS <"OURT. — Kittle
S3rann. who wa* citf-d to appear before Judge
i^urasky to thow cp.ufce why hr-r child should
tint be taken from her and placed in an insti
tution, fainted In court yesterday when she
«Bf called to the stand.
Several of ¦• the leading members . of
the French colony in this city have re
ceived letters written in the French
language from Apizaco, Mexico, with
the apparent object of inducing them
to part with their money. It is the old
scheme cf hidden coin, and the location
this time is somewhere in this city.
Some of the recipients of the letters
have handed them to the police, and an
effort will be made to ascertain the
identity of the writer, who signs him
self "E. C." All the letters bear the
same date, April 22. They read as fol
lows:
A very important business obliges me to ad>
drees you, and I await for your co-operation:
For the moment only I wish to let you know
that several months ago I left hidden in a
very cure place in the surroundinsrs of San
Francisco a sum of $165,000. In order to
Rather my capital I need the protection of an
honorable 'person, and if -you wish to aid me
I offer you a third part of all the sum under
the following ' conditions: To promise me on
your word and honor not to divulge the secret
to anybody and to, be -honorable to the trust
which I extend to you.- If your business will
allow you, you will come here with my direc
tions to receive the sketch and Information of
the deposit and- accompany my daughter and
other persons at your bouse. Then I wish
my daughter to be- present to make the dis-'
covery. You will -pay the tickets and expenses
and afterward, for' motives which I- will tell
you If you will writ* to me. I find myself, in
misery and i abandoned. If you decide to lend
me your protection, I request you to answer
by return mat!. . placing , your letters in two
envelopes, the Interior of ¦ one to be addressed
as f oIIowb. to be delivered to Mr. E. C. ced.
Xo. 18. and the. outside letter envelope to the
address which I indicate to you in the small
paper herewith, i The importance of this busi
ness makes it- that" I* cannot give further de
tails and I sign, my initials for fear you will
not receive this -letter or that it may b«
opened by some other person of your bouse, .
but If you write to me I will give you other
details and Important references. Awaiting
your answer I have the honor to salute you.
The slip of ' paper, mentioned in the
letter bears the-following: "Senora Lu
crecia Iyala, Apizaco, Rep. Mexicana."
At. the annual meeting of the La
dies' Auxiliary . of California Com
maridery No. 1, Knights Templar, held
in Utopia Hall, Mrs. William Roderick
Jones was unanimously re-elected for
the third term as president. The other
officers ¦ chosen are; Mrs. O. ' Val
Schmidt, .first vice, president; Mrs.
Timothy ' Jay Crowley, second vice
president; Mrs. H. D. Nichols, secre
tary; Mrs.' R. L. Radke, assistant sec
retary; Mrs. . S. A. McDonnell, treas
urer. After the election' Mrs. Martin
Jones, the mother of the auxiliary, on
behalf "of "that body, presented to the
president a handsome,* highly , deco
rated punch bowl in token of 'appre
ciation of '• her services 'as 'the* head of
the organization. . Mrs. William Mar
tensteln,' the retiring secretary,- was
presented, a beautiful silver candel
abra. During .the. session the follow
ing were, elected to membership: Mrs.
Frank B. /Ladd, Mrs. James B. Bo
carde, Mrs. James Packer Jr., Mrs. Ed
Moser and Mrs. C. T. Cleve.
In honbr of the occasion there was
served a idainty collation on tables
that were covered with lilacs, after
which there" was a social hqur under
the direction of Mrs. George Haas and
Mrs.- John, Fraser Mclntosh, who were
the hostesses.' ,Tho i who attended the
meeting and took part in the festivities
were:. Mines. George Bennett, G; W.
Brown, H.' ; H." Braun, W. C. ' Campbell,
A. M. Cox, William Crocker, S, Clarke,
W. P. Cordes, J. B. Charleston, . M.
Damkroger, G. E. Dorn. B. B. Duncan,
G. H. Dyer, E. ; F. Eastman, D. E: F.
Easton, P.' F. Ferguson, J. F.r Fraser,
H. T. Graves, E. W. Gates, T. L. Hen
derson, H. E. Holmes, A. ¦ Hromada. .C.
F. Humphrey,-, E. ' P.% Held,- A; Huber,
J. P. Jaegling.M.- Johnson. M. Jones,
F. Johnson, .-William Koenig. J. F. Lo
gan,* Julius Lowe, v'J. Mills, R. E.
Miller, F. D.- Marsh, , H. Me Junken, C.
C. Morehouse, R. W. , Neil, ; James
Young. ¦ C. W; Taber, M. Vail, J.- L.
Prior, M.vReiss, F. S. Snell, Walter
Stocker, = George W.': Wittman,* Miss E.
Murray, and Miss Eva ;' Powell. . :.
Choose Officers for the Current Term,
. Make Presents ;.nd Enjoy , a <
Dnint y Collation. ;
Tempting Letter Received
by Prominent 3Iembers of
, French Colony in - City
LADIES' AUXILIARY > I
OF KNIGHTS -TEMPLAR
SAYS HE OWNS
HIDDEN MONEY
Only three days more and then we are
to have "Oar New Minister." that best of
of all American plays, which took the
town by storm on its first presentation
liere last spason. The advance sale is al-
: ready the larcest in the history of th*»
California Theater, and all indications
point to a record-breaking engagement.
Er^jeFt Hastings. San Francisco's mati
nee hero, has a nart which fits him "like
a glove." one New York critic going so
Xar as to say that the authors nTust have
bad him in mind when they wrote the
pfay. Conyers. Stedman. Barker. Fierce.
Brawn, the Misses Rainford and May.
last year"s favorites, are still with the
company. It will be like a reunion of
old friends at the California on Sunday
nSght. *- '
Our New Minister.
The Supervisors' -Fire. Committee!
yesterday decided to consider the pro- i
posed amendment to the building ordi- !
nance reducing, the height limit of j
frame buildings from fifty to forty-five
feet on next Thursday at 11:30 a. m. !
The Fire Commissioners, insurance
men, lumber dealers and all parties ,
interested will be notified to be
present. .--..-•, •
Height of Frame Buildings.
Cannot Remit Tax Penalties.
City Attorney Long yesterday ad- |
vised the Board of Supervisors that it j
had no power. to remit. penalties col
lected' on= delinquent taxes. . On that I
ruling the board must deny the -peti- \
tion of the German General , Benevlo- j
lent Society that the penalty for fail- j
ure to pay the lirst installment of taxes ;
for 1903 be returned. Long holds that
there* is nothing in the law which
places a^ benevolent society upon a dif
ferent footing from that, of the indi
vidual, corporation or ordinary asso
ciation. • !
The petition of property-owners for ;
the grading of Fulton street, from,
Twenty-fifth to Forty-seventh avenues, ¦
was referred to the Budget Commit- ,
tee. . , ; =>; i
The committee- granted a permit to |
George Ryan to explode blasts on ;
Army street, near York, and fixed the j
bond at J2500, the protests against the j
same having been -withdrawn. '
The Supervisors' Street Committee
was prepared yesterday to report fa
vorably on the petition of the South
ern'Pacific Company for a franchise
to construct some; twenty-seven spur
tracks to connect ' wlthj its bay shore
line near the- county line. Owing - to j
the absence .of Supervisor Rock, at
member of the' committee, it was de- |
cided to postpone for one week formal
recommendation that the application
be granted.- • . \
The attention of the Department of
Electricity was directed to the com
plaint of W..Kidd Lewis that the In
dependent Messenger Company was
stringing wires across Glasgow, -Ellis '
and O'Farrell streets, although its ap
plication for a permit had been denied j
by the. Supervisors. .; . t
Supervisors* Street Committee Defers'
Formal Recommendation Owing:
, to Absence of a Member.
FAVORS GRANTING MANY
SPUR TRACK PRIVILEGES
When., the statement was made that
the Exempts, since the days of organ
ization, had disbursed $400,000 in benev
olence, ¦ namely in caring for the sick,
burying the dead and looking after the
welfare of "widows" and orphans, and
that '.now the charitable fund t which
was never used for any other purpose
has dwindled to just a little less than
$1000 without any prospect of replen
ishing, the - same, Rabbi Voorsanger
arose and said: '
While listening: to this statement I made a
hurried calculation. The life of this organiza
tion is limited, and it Is fair to presume that be
fore ten years have passed away some .one,
as . in the army of the great Napoleon when the
name of a distinguished soldier was called,
stepped to the- front, samted and exclaimed.
"Fell on the fleld of honor." will step to the
front as the ' name 'of th« • last . exempt shall
have been called, and win use the words
quoted. With less than $1000 in your treasury
you cannot' continue in the charitable work
for ten years, and I suggest. that your asso
ciation ask a committee of prominent citizens
to take steps to provide some method to raise
$3000. aye $10,000. .to help the association in
the decline of life. In anything that may be
done along that line you will have my most
earnest and hearty support. The citizens of
to-day should recognize the heroic efforts of
those who in past generations made possible
the great city of San Francisco.
RABBI MAKES PLEA.
During, the course of the evening it
was made to appear that of all the very
rich citizens who have passed away,
and who in the early days had their
lives .and property saved from destruc
tion by the volunteer firemen, not one
had ever left a cent to the Exempts to
help them sustain the widows and or
phans of deceased members and keep
their indigent 1 ' fellows from applying
for a home in the Almshouse in their
declining days; that the widow of
Billy Free, he who in 1849 brought to
San Francisco the first fire engine ever
used, one that once was the property of
President Martin Van Buren, Is now
in distress . and had applied to the
Exempts for aid, also that the widow
of Jerome • Rice, at one time a very
prominent. | auctioneer and an active
member of the department, one who In
his day contributed much of his wealth
to help the department along, is also In
distress, and that she has been an
applicant for aid from the Exempts,
but that owing to conditions the ap
peals of "these two notable examples
and many others could not be respond
ed to. It was also shown that two of
San Francisco's millionaires were mem
bers of the Exempts at the time of
death and that each at that time was
in arrears for dues, which have never
been said. • -
Exempts, James O'Donnell. The secre
tary of the association called attention
to. the fact that in the days of af
fluence the Exempts kept In order the
firemen's, beautiful plat in Laurel Hill
Cemetery, at a cost of $300 a year, then
$150. A diminished treasury, he said,
had forced the association to abandon
the care, but. that the members of the
present paid department, movfed by a
reverence for the memories of the gal
lant firemen of old volunteer days,
generously decided for all time to con
tribute annually the amount required
to keep; the beautiful plat green. The
toastmaster -gave an interesting ac
count of his .'connection with the. early
days fire department and in silence all
drank the' toast, "The memory of those
who have answered the last roll call."
HEROES ARE FORGOTTEX.
In response to his calls there- were
addresses by ex-Judge Ferral, Rabbi
Jacob ' Voorsahger, Fire Commissioner
Parry, John Rlley, superintendent of
the corporation yard, representing the
present Fire Department officers; Dis
trict Attorney L.F. Byington, Super
visor Booth. Treasurer J:E. McDougald,
Ernest C. Stock, -M..- Baker of the vet
erans of the. paid department, Richard
Cox, Philip Figel, representing the Sons
of Exempts, and the patriarch of the
That rapidly \ diminishing and almost
obsolete band of valiant men, heroei
of the early days of San Francisco; the
Exempt Fire Association of the Vol
unteer Department, had a reunion last
Wednesday night in the house of the
Exempts on Brenham place, in cele
bration of the fifty-fourth anniversary
of the organization of the department.
This old organization, which at the
time the partly paid fire, department
succeeded the volunteers, numbered
more than twelve hundred, has now
vanished to 212, and less than fifty of
the pioneer firefighters, white haired
and in the sere and yellow. leaf of life,
were . present to take part In the cele
bration. The only comparatively
young ones present were a few that
served as torch and hose boys of the
old organization.' There were also pres
ent by invitation a number of the city
officials, Rabbi • Woorsanger and ex-
Judge Robert Ferral.
A supper gotten up by the members
at their individual expense, was par
taken of, and, while it was enjoyable,
there was a certain amount of sadness,
for the invitations read: ."Be sure to be
with us, for this may, be tb^ last fes
tivity • that will be . given by . the Ex
empts." -y£z
Henry D. Hudson, president of the
association, .whp. came to v this city in
1849, who marched with the firemen on
the occasion of the celebration of the
admission of California into the Union,
in 1850, and who marched with the Ex
empts at the semi-centennial In 1900,
the only fireman who took part in the
two processions, .jvas the toastmaster.
JIAXY ADDRESSES.
« The contractors were notified of the
complaint of the Health Board that
the sweeping of streets is carried on
in a negligent and unsanitary manner.
Written consents for using the outer
edge of the sidewalks at j POwell and
Eddy streets . for free public flower
markets were filed, but the board
postponed action on applications for
permits until next Wednesday.
Mrs. Sorbier of the Outdoor League
appeared before the board and request
ed that signs be placed on lamp posts
reading: "Do Not Expectorate on the
Sidewalks," as is done in New York.
The board referred Mrs.' Sorbier to the
Supervisors to provide the necessary
funds to put up the signs on - 5000
lampposts.
BAD STREET SWEEPING.
The board referred to the City At
torney for an opinion on the matter at
preparing an assessment of benefits
and damages accruing from the change
of grade on Polk and Chestnut streets.
Claims for damages to the amount of
$80,000 have been filed, but some prop
erty owners who will be damaged have
not filed claims. The cost of regrad
ing the streets affected will exceed one
half the value of the property and will
result in collecting from some, prop
erty owners a large. amount of money
and paying it to others who would be
affected by the changes without ac
tually making the change.
The Bureau of Engineering was di
rected to estimate the cost of filling
in the morass on Array, Twenty-sixth
and Alabama streets and San Bruno
road.
No permit has been sought by the
corporation from the Sutro estate to
use the lands near Forty-eighth ave
nue so as to secure entrance into its
terminal station, near the Sutro
baths. The protest continues:
"The Sutro estate would be seriously
prejudiced by the granting ~of such
permission on the part of the Board
of Works and it would be illegal and
annulled by the courts."
Emma L. Merritt, as the executrix
of the will. of the late Adolph Sutro,
filed a protest against the granting- of
the petition of the United Railroads
to electrize its California steam road.
The protest states that the Sutra es
tate is the owner of certain private
lands from Thirty-second avenue to
the Cliff House over which the road
will run. The grant to. use the right
of way was made on condition that a
double track road should be operated
thereon, whereas the United Railroads
proposes to build a single track road
only.
XO-PER3IIT SOUGHT.
"The junk is not worth $400 to any
body," said Martin, "and it would.be
an imposition on me to compel me to
pay the amount which I bid. I am not
a professional second-hand dealer and
a job was put up on me by others,, who,
in the turmoil of the sale, would have
repudiated their own bids. I want to
be released from the obligation and
also want my deposit returned, to me."
The Board of Works held that it had
not the power to return the deposit,
but agreed to refer the matter to the
Board of Supervisors, to whom Mar
tin will send a petition.
Darby Martin, the successful bidder
on a lot of old. Junk belonging to the
city, appeared before the Board of Pub
lic Works yesterday and petitioned for
the return of $100 which he had de
posited on his bid of $1730 for the ma
terial. Martin alleged that he had been
forced into making such a | high bid
by rival second-hand dealers who "had
raised his bids, but had no intention of
standing by them had they been ac
cepted.
The board has prepared the plan for
the examination for positions as teach
ers to be held June 11. 1 The plan is al
most identical with the one of two
years ago. It goes more into details,
however, and I provides for a morning
and afternoon session instead of a con
tinuous day session. ,
The demands for supplies and re
pairs in the School -Department for
April were ordered paid. . '. .:-¦ ,;
Leaves of - absence were granted to
Miss J.;A. Bigley and Mrs. L. Howard.
The reauest of the Retail Grocers
that the board declare May 6 a holiday
to enable the pupils to attend the Pure
Food Show. was denied. 1
The Board of Education yesterday ac
cepted the resignation of TVliss Kath
erine Blatk as assistant supervisor of
singing in the public school" depart
ment. The board immediately appoint
ed Mrs. Mary D. McGlade to the va
cancy. Miss Black has decided to re
main in Manila, - '* ¦
Permission "was extended to the pu
pils comprising the various graduating,
classes of the evening schools to hold
their commencement exercises in halls
others than those - connected . with the
School Department, upon such even
ings as their principals deem fit, pro
vided, that no expense be incurred for :
which the School Department might be
liable. — - '
Files a Protest Against
the Permit to Electrize
the California Street Road
Board of j Education Adopts
Procedure for Jthe Test of
Applicant for Positions
Millionaire; Members Die
Owing Dues, and Nobody
Remembers the Old Guard
PLAN FOR EXAMINATION
FORGOTTEN BY THE RICH
SUTRO ESTATE OBJECTS
Asks Board of Works to Ee
turn Deposit 1 on Old Junk
Bought at Auction Sale
Neglected - -Eemnant of
Pioneer Exempt Firemen
Meet in Annual Banquet
Miss Katherine Black Suc
r ceeded by v Mrs. ; JMcGlade
as Supervisor of Study
HEROES BREAK
SORROW'S BREAD
MUSIC TEACHER
RESIGNS PLACE
BIDDER WANTS
HIS COIN BACK
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL/' FRIDAY, MAY 6, 1904.
' Berne**'* Extract 'of Vanilla imparts
a superior delicacy of flavor, try it, use It. •
16
"A terrible rash broke ont on Char-
lie's poor little face and spread to his
neck, chest and back. I had never seen
anything qnlte like It before," write*
Mrs. Helena'Rathof 821 10th Ave., N. Y.
City. - " The skin rose in little lumps,
tand matter came
out. My baby's skin
was . hot, and '¦ how
be did snffcr. Ho
wouldn't eat, and
night after night I
walked ; the floor
with him, weak as I
was. Often I had
to stop because I
t felt faint and my
back throbbed with pain. Out the worst
pain of all was to see my poor little
boy burning with those nasty sores.
At last I was persuaded by a friend
across the street to try the Cutlcura
Kemedlcs. She Rare me some Cutlcnra
Ointment — I think the box was about
half full — and a piece of CuticuraSoap.
I followed the directions,, bathing
Charlie and putting that nice Ointment
on the sores. ..Little by little, but so
surely, Charlie and I both got more
peace by day and more sleep by night.
The sores sort of dried up and went
away, and now Charlie is cnrcd.com-
pletely." , ; '.. ¦
"Yes, that fat little boyby the win-
dow Is Charlie, and Ms skin is as whito
as a snow flake, thanks to the Cutlcura
Remedies. I thipk everybody: should
know about | the Soap and Ointment,
and if It is going to help other mothers
with sick babies, go ahead and publish
what I have told you.?, '
Sold Omgitmrt th« world. Cation* Ruelrtnt. an*.
On <ora cf Cb«eoUU Cortad rUla,Ke.»«r*W«l •)).
OtaUnnl. «••.. Soap, ISe. Dtpotti London, n Charter,
fcosaa »q. 1 Ptrti. 5 Kut *• la raixi Roatan. 1ST Columbia
At». , PaHar Dr«» »Chaa*. Corp.. SoU Prap&
•W 8«><1 tm " Ail Aooal Ui Skta, ftcal > ud Half."
Now His Skin Is as White
; as a Snow Flake.
CURED, BY CUTICURA.
Of Baby's Dreadful Suffer.
ing from Eczema.
HAPPY MOTHER'S
TOUGHING STORY
fl \^t 1 1 l KIM .M Jt 13 W * i • ¦ *l A. b 1 ¦ it^tS^*^'^'^"^
r • » • • . " ' ' ' t . ¦
I THREE SPECIAL VALUES I
For ERTOAY and SATURDAY
(CHILDREN'S DAYS AT MACMN'S)
We are showing a great many new. styles in
our CHILDREN'S and MISSES' DEPART-
MENT, which will be of -special interest "to our
CHILDREN'S DRESSES WS&,
, — Same style as illustrated. tffa'^J*
Made of imported Scotch ma- JtT Im^v
dras; guaranteed fast color; / J^s5^^J$oL"\
dainty stripes of two-tone ef- Mmjj rfw^'A
fettts of new gray, pink, blue jMm V$&$
and tan; blouse effect; trim- ir^^Pr^S^
- . ' rr.ed in straps of fine pique ; j iH^S^W
long, tapering shoulders. f*/M$ I Sfel^
Sizes 6 to 14 years. Regular f//spH\
$4.5o*value^ — Special for FRI-
DAY aird SATURDAY only f fL?^
Children's and
. . Misses' Skirts
Made of canvas duck, with 'jL i^TM »i\
full-finished welted seams;
deep hem; neatly braided, as jllsla
sho\\-n in accompanying illus- |&li?P«i
tratibn; color, navy blue llliill
ground with white figures; fP 111111
sizes, 10, 12, 14 and 16 year?. J^iglPffifl
Special value at J^^^^^^JL
Special Sale in
Children's and Misses'
Hat Department
CHILDREN'S and MISSES' HATS, made of im-
ported fancy straw; a varied assortment of styles dain-
tily trimmed with best quality of ribbons and flowers;
new effects that are different from. any styles -we have
shown this season; appropriate for children and misses
from 6 to 14 years. Regular $6.00 value A% *-* » n
—special for FRIDAY and SATUR- !>.-% Si I
DAY only 7.7 S*^««^V|
3/8-922 MAfiKET ST
I ¦ ¦ -" -¦-,¦ ---.^- ,.-__ /
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
PBAGEB3
MARKS BROS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS*
Double Value
...Day..:
. PERSIAN LAWN KIM0NAS, as pictur-
ed, made with Kimona sleeves. Come
in solid covers, figured or striped de-
signs. A gocd 60c value. To- , on _
Read About These 25c Drawers
Always /> £~
sold for To-day 1/t^fl
'LOIE FULLER MUSLIN DRAWERS, as
pictured, are trimmed with Torchon Lace
and Insertion.. Cut extra full and wide.
JAUNTY LINEN CRASH SAILOR SUIT,
as pictured, is mace to stand rough and
tumble" wear.- '¦ Your, girl in one of them
will be the envy of her playmates. Sizes
5 to 14 years. •— ; •¦
MARMBR0S.
The Home of Honest Values.'.
1220-1222-1224 Market Street
There Win Be
Something Doing
llilillii^f
PRAGERS
DON'T MISS IT.
jt| AJ.-WX2S RELIABLE
1238-1250MARKET ST.oS.^
1 MARKET I
,F.- rennerly Sproat'c Market,
| ' Opposite Jones and McAUixter.
i 1049 MARKET STREET.
' S**: Phone South 894.
SPECIALS FOR FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
Tibs. .BEST SET QKAXTTOATED
SUGAH 81.OO
(With orders.)
3-lb. square BEST CKEAMEET BXTT-
.1 IE» 45c
3 cans CREAM. Any Kind 'jr»c
13 lb«. SANTA CLAKA FStTZTES. .2oC
50-lfa. sack BEST PAJCLY rLOITK
| 81.1O
10-lb sack TILLOW COEH MEAL..'2r,(;
GOOD COMB HOSET ......,.l()c
CAI^rOSXTZA WKITE riQS. lb 5c
CAX.ITOKWIA TJJJJ* CKIAM CHEESE
-IOC
JUDGE SALMON. Packed la Porcelain
| Jars ....15c
j COrTEE! COFFEE I! COrPEE!!!
I Onr special 4-Ib. can of MOCHA and
jata; none better; onoe tried, always
used; one can of CBXAM, any kind,
free with each can COFFEE. Special
price to tetrodnce; per. can. 85c
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
fHUSEUH OF ANATQMYf
\ -tS^ Tka Limit AaaiasioU Mntm <¦ tht \
dl JmT. World. *tuiom cr *njr cantractcd Q
~ JEsSl <S*««k *••••'•*••»¦•¦••••* by Ut ol<l«« T
O / ;E ip*o*li« n tb* C«Mt £jl 3* r«r». O
4 tf fxX 0R * «RDAM— DISEASES OF MEN i
V i jB*t T««ob«i» pn%oa*\ij m by irner. A Q
\ I " iS t**mt Om ib every rast a>drrtakML \
At I] *me(«B«A.rB"-«««» 1 «y«f>
V « BinaUCE, MAILED r*EB, (XV
A a ii »'«»!«.t«k to ¦«) , • \
V DK a»BDA3f it CO.. 1MI Markrt St.. 8. K ¥
I Wg& XI IS B\ MKj w J@vkkk ¦
I GRAHAM OR GIXGER WAFERS. LB.. 10a.
OHntAKDELU'S COCOA caa SOo
Beat home product. Ottally 23c.
LOWNET*S COCOA, CAN. IOC
35c JAVA & MOCHA COFTEIL.Ib. 2uC
Very beat Java and Mocha — whole, ground or
pulverized.
LJBBT'S DEVILED HAM. 6 CAX9 25c.
EZTSA TABI.E PEUITS...3 cans 25c
Best Peaches. Fears and Apricots, put up ia
heavy syrup. "Cut tine's" 3-lb. cans.
Usually 20c.
CARXATIOX CREAM. S CANS 23a.
Fresh Butter ftic
Choice of best Marin County Creameries.
SO-LB. SACK BEST TABLE SALT. S9c.
SAGO cr TAPIOCA 7 lbs. 25c
Fcr quick "desserts and puddings. Usually 4
lbs. 25c.
TANGLEFOOT FLY PAPER. 10 SHEETS 10c.
BENZIIiESTE SOAP.. 6 larff* cales 2oC
No rubbin* — soak the clothes, that's all. Twice
the value of Fels Naptha-
ALPHA SALAD DRESSING. BOT. 13c.
BOYAL BAXXXTO POWSSB....Ib. 3Sc
Usually 45c Friday and Saturday night.
TELESCOPE BASKETS FROM 15c UP. '
SWEET WINES gttllon 6oC
Six-year-old Port Sherry Riesling:. ZlnfandeU
Usually' $1.
PURE LEAF LARD. POUND 10c.
OI.D MILLER W HIGKT.laryo bot. uOc
Best value ever offered. Sample* It at store.
Usually 85c.
SOUR MASH WHISKY. <1 BOT. 69c.
ZTAPA CTiABET r»Uon 35 C
Good, ripe table wine. Usually 50c.
119 TAYLOR STREET.
Phone Howard 1021. ¦
1001 F1LLMORE ST.
Phone Park 1S3.
Country Orders Packed and Shipped Tree.
Lolas
, La Grippe
Catarrh
Positively cured with Dr. Ha!-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or. your money returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. For,
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. nu:
I " VanVroom" I
| DENTAL PARLORS 1
p| SIXTH and MARKET f
Is Yonr Bead Clear?
If not, it is probably the fault
of your Liver and you need a
corrective. You will be sur-
prised to see how quickly your
brain will clear how much
better you can work after taking
Beecham's
I Pills
Sold Everywhere. In boxes 10c. and 25c*
(rt 0 S fl R Outfits. Guns. Ammuni-
1 ¦ fa ftilaM l A on u Fi " hln K «nd outm?
. fj IMS 9& Coeds. Tents and Gun* to
BrllafS Rpnt - catalog frkb
%J.i\ I I 1 1 SHREVE & BARBER CO.
i.JO Market st.
521 Kearny St.. 8. J*.
WEEKLY CAU^ $1.00 yen. 4-ra-p^