PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANGISGO,f MONDAY; MAY 22, 1905.
VOLUME XCVII— NO. 175.
EMPRESS OF GERMANY
IS INJURED BY A FALL
J MADRII), May,: ; 21.-^1 hunger riot
broke ; out %at Alcazar ,fdej San i ! Juan, ; in
the * province ,»iof * Cuidad Real.7 to-day,
worJcmtai : attackingiseveralf flour* mllla.
Hunger Riot in i Spain.
feSANTAk . CRUZ, :}'-_ May. ; J 2l^-Ernest
Cleary ; - has ;; been awarded ' the S Ernest
Cowell?unlverslty^ scholarship given Tan
nually i by} Ernest " Cowell * to ; ai graduate
of ithe 1 Santa Crtus t High | SchooL
- - '""• Tt"P •i""iiiiiHTnMiwlH
Awarded } a Scholarship.
Bertgcs 'i says } the~*order; has "been : hon
ored \u25a0? at « the *i brewery " and iwhenever| he
Beta thlrJßtyi he f goes arid: gets beer/
bis brewery.; for : 1.000.v.0 > glasses of beer.
At the; bar ' price v of; s "cents' per! glass ; he
has given -Bertges $50,000.'* '
INL^.^NAPpLIS. Ind.. May 21.— Vice
president (Charles- W. Fairbanks will
lea.ye Indianapolis; next Sunday -night
for. Portland^; Or.?; where; he .will - reprer
sent President Roosevelt at the 'opening
of * the 'Lewis and \u25a0 Ciark Exposition on
June ; t. ; \u25a0• '.;\u25a0" -- . •\u25a0 \u0084' .
Fairbanks : to Leave for Coast.
PITTSBURG. May faL— Constable; John
Bertgts of Allegheny need never *go
thirsty for want of a glass of beer ."as
long as the name of : Anton L.utz is hon
ored at a brewery in, Allegheny.
Some time ago he had • occasion! to' per
form a service for.< Lutx,^ -".for; which .4 he
refused to accept any, compensation.^ As
a reward :Lu tz : wrote "> out \u25a0\u25a0' an f order ion
TTNEMOUTH. May ( 21.— The British
Btcamshrp Broadmayne. Captain Haynes,
from Port Arthur, Tex., via Antwerp, has
arrived here with her stem badly dam
aged. She reports having been in col
lision with the British steamshio Vaux
Hall. The Vaux Hall sank. Her crew
was rescued.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SpecSs.! Dispatch to The C»IL
Attempt to Kill Himself.
BALTIMORE. May 21.— George
Horst. an employe' in a brewery here.;
attempted to commit suicide recently."
shooting himself twice in the head.
The bullets have not been removed." but
to ; the amazement of physicians who
have interested themselves In . this
case he Is not only still living, but. ac
cording to present indications, will
soon be well enough to b« out of Vim
Baltimore Man Will Soon Be About
• r*Arter - KnlUns In Desperate
NORTH; TAKIMA.VWash:;; May -21^-
Fire : of .unknown origin, which ' started
infa'clothing. store in the. Wilson'blockV
did* 'damage"' to j the ? amount ; of /nearly
(25.000 late Saturday night. ' The - loss
is fully .covered * by. insurance. . .>'
Bis -Fire in .Vorth Yakima.
ALITK AND RECOVERING -WTTH
1 " TWO BULLETS IX HIS HE.U)
Order on a Brewery Given
Constable for Service , /
Rendered Rich Man.'
British Vessel Vaux Hall
Goes Down, but All Are
Rescued.
NEW.-TORK, May 21.— Coincident with
the publication In the New York ; news
papers this morning of the theft of three
diamonds ;at ; $90,000 from . Tiffany
& Co-a • fortnighti ago there appeared,ad
vertisements in S the -London newspapers
offering : ; a ° reward of $5000 for - the ' return
of t the gems. 7 ' It ! ; Is -likely * the offer . will
be duplicated ; in • this country, now . that
the secrecy., which" had heretofore envel
oped 'the ""case c&s, been cast aside and the
story of i the crime confirmed : by ' members
of " the ] .Jewelry „ establishment.
ONE MILLION GLASSES* 7
OF BEER JUS REWARD
STEAMSHIP SINKS
AFTER COLLISION
gpeeia! DisT»tch to The CalL
ST. .; May >. 22. V Th «
commission .investigating the surrender
of rPort-;*Arthur ihas : finished;; the.? first
half of its labors."* The investigation *of
the documentary, evidence presented by
General : Stoessel In > his);' own ; defense
tended to -show that'the fortress at the
outbreak"; of ;the .war. was I nearly I de
fenseless and \u25a0 without supplies or : cash.*
General ; Stoessel's Defense.
Five Thousand Dollars for
Recoverj'- of . Stolen
.Diamonds.
EEWAED IS \u25a0 OFPEEED
FOR RETIJKN OF GEMS
TOKIO, May 21.— 1t is officially an
nounced-that !*press reports circulated
in '. Europe J about* the removal (by'Jap
anese^of the J Korean Emperor to Japan
have absolutely no foundation, such : an
idea having i never^ occured to the H Jap-.
anesc Government. .; The report must be
taken to be a malicious fabrication cal
culated to do mischief to the Japanese."
Japan Makes Official Denial.
\u0084Vlf : all ;• these":" creatures; 'j poor .s of, purse
and , most ot- them • poorer : yet in qualifica
tions jfor.citizenshlp.i were to assemble in
one \u25a0 place ; they ; would : alone make ) a; city
exceeded tin ;i population? "only by. New
iY6rk,^Cnlcago/(and,-Pblladelpbia.'>^.^;-.yi Y6rk,^Cnlcago/(and,-Pblladelpbia.'>^.^;-.y ; L*.. r ]
'i'^ThejPresident wiU!make-recommenda
tions" Vto -'Congress calculated , to Y further
restrict \ undesirable . immigration." :
."Tliene are appalling . flsnretu. They
are more appal H np when t bej- are anal
ysed and t hrl r jiisrn I flea nee ful ly aader-
Ktoud. They mean that In a single. year
there pourrd Into this country' a multi
tude of hnmble people equal to /or
greater t han the : present population -\u25a0 of
eighteen , States : of .the United States.*: \u25a0
v CHICAGO, i. May ZL— President Roose
velt has taken ,up the immigration ques
tion and ds. preparing to call It.to.the.at
tention', of Congress and the country, ac
cording;, to a Washington dispatch to the
Record-Herald' from Walter , Wellman,
.who". says: _\u25a0 \u25a0 '-' • .
' "The President "believes that one of
the : most "serious problems - now ."confront-,
ing, the American ; people Is how to deal
with.. the hordes of, undesirable '- immi-.
grants ] \u25a0 Europe -. is . pouring : upon '*T. our
shores. . During .; the »" fiscal year which
ends on* June SO next all Immigration rec
ords *will have .been broken. ,In those
twelve months * 1.000,000 steerage passen
ecrs Iv will r'i have / arrived in the United
States looklng.foi%homes or.work^ The
greatest number . arriving .in 1 any pre
vious,, year, was £37,046, 'during .the. twelve
months tended with June. ' 1903. - For \ the
year." 1904 : it'iwaa 812,870. \
Weihsien \u25a0is the most Important city
in Shantung. It is situated In the
midst of a plain separating twomoun
tain v systems \u25a0 of - the province \u25a0 on both
banks" of -the Peilang River, which
empties into the Guif of Pechili, twen
ty-five'miles northward.
"In order to insure the development
of the empire's fighting force In a man
ner corresponding to the needs and re
sources of the state and uniformity in
the duties of the supreme naval and
military administration, and also to
harmonize them with those of other
Government institutions in questions
affecting the safety of the state. I have
deemed it necessary to establish a per-
ST. PETERSBUBG. May 22.— The
first etep toward the institution of 'the
long contemplated council of national
defense, to co-ordinate the activities of
tbe military and naval administration,
has been taken in an imperial manifes
to creating a special preliminary com
mission under the presidency of Grand
Duke Nicholas Nicholaievitch. The
manifesto Is preceded by a rescript
which Emperor Nicholas addressed to
the Grand Duke in which his Majesty
cays:
It is understood the formation of the
new council means the definite abandon
ment of - the plan" of sending Grand
Duke Nicholas Nicholaievitch to the
Far East to assume supreme command
on land and sea. General Linevitch and
Vice Admiral Birilieff will be left un
hampered except as to" the \u25a0 grand out
lines of strategy.
The existing council of -war. which
has proved unsatisfactory, will .be su
perceded by the new body. The coun
cil Is created, however, not for. the
present war, but as a permanent.organ
ism of the state, subordinating the
War and Navy departments and even
overshadowing the other ministries.
man ent State Defense Council. I charge
the special commission, consisting of
members appointed by me. under the
presidency of your Imperial highness,
to draw up, aceordfng to 1 my direct sug
gestion, a law relating to this insti
tute." ! .
TSINGTAU, May 2 1.— The newspapers
say that Japan will establish a consul
ate at «the^Shantung treaty port-; of
Welhsien and push Japanese trade in
th© province of Shantung.
Josephine * came down ; town on ' Friday
; afternoon,' and knowing. that a small lane
next door .to an apartment store -.was . a
'favorite resort for.: babies,;' left -outside
while their mothers : shopped i within, : she
awaited her opportunity. As %oon ! as Mrs;
Murray - had > left } her 'nine; months' .* old
baby boy alone in its go-cart "Josephine
kidnaped .the child, cart: and; all.\Taklng
a car, she rode almost to her; home. .: :
; ' Suddenly, she says,' - sheT realized \u25a0\u25a0 as
night camevOnithattshe^had- a helpless
infant on her ; hands, and . not " knowing
what jto ; do with/ it sherroiled' it i down' a'
ninety-foot 7 railway '.embankment near
her; home. ; Some U time '. afterward,'^ prob-*
ably next . morning, she -went to; the bot- ?
torn of - they ravine.": There '.s she V stripped
the bruised and dead form of : its clothing
l and, : accompanied , by;: her., curly-headed. J
5-year^ld 'I brother,'; hidj' therclothing"ln
another '• ravine ; 'a \u25a0 mile', distant.*.; She then
hid the body ;Uiider a culvert. \u25a0 . • y'J
•That ; forenoon she raised • an ; alarm that'
she had found t &- go-cart and : a ; dead 1 baby
in I a ravine," and ; as |a" result ' of itha j inves
tigation^ that [she iwas » placed
under : arrest : and ; subsequently £ confessed.
, The i dead , babyj; was ,. the -only ." child fof
Scotch ;' parents % who f? ± arrived -i here .; two
months ago.^ From'the Jtime \ Mrs.*: Murray^
missed r her 5 baby.* af ter /leaving I the } shop
un til \ it^wa s ) found i yesterday k the '? en tire*
police " foree 1 ; and r hundreds "of • private fci ti
rens: joined: in* the; search 'for" it .*;.
-;: The 'alleged \ murderess , : is I a motherless
girl " upon whose ? frail ..' shoulders ; the 1 care'
of i two : small [ children \u25a0 has ' been ' thrown.' '\u25a0\u25a0
•TORONTO. OnU May 21.-The play
"Kidnaped From New;, York."- produced
at a local theater * last week, suggested
to 11-year-old Josephine. Carr. the idea of
kidnaping,' and on Friday j afternoon ; she
decided to * make a! practical , teat of \t:
Her motive, she • says,! was • the- hope \ of
a reward, ?. but. unfortunately, 'the end
was murder..; : \-.'- '.\.. ''- w
WASHINGTON*. May 2L-To the tune
of "Garry Owen," : the - music to . which
the famous Seventh Cavalry marched
out for the Little Big Horn campaign ; in
IS7S, the ' first squadron of that organiza
tion left" Washington to-day for "San
Francisco, whence " the Seventh will sail
for the Philippines.- The . regimental head
quarters, band and the first squadron
have been stationed at; Fort Myer during
the past winter.
The Seventh was Cluster's - command.
During its stay in Washington the of
ficers have taken a prominent part In the
festivities l 'of the capital. The first squad
ron has been selected for duty, at Batan
gas. and will relieve - the Twelfth Cav
alrj% which* has been ordered home.
' REACHING FOR CHINA'S TRADE,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Problem to Be Called
\u25a0..\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
to the Attention
of Congress.
All hands were ordered in pursuit of the
animal. Moore offering ISO reward to who
ever caught It.
The canine had :; sprinted about two
miles when it espied a prairie dog; sitting
on Its haunches in ' front or a hole. Tho
pup made a dash for the smaller anrmai.
which waited until the spaniel was only
a few feet away and then disappeared as
if by magic Into the hole. The spaniel
stopped at the hole to see what had hap
pened to its small brother. This was a
section employe's opportunity, and. grab
bing 1 the animal In his hands, he returned
It to 'its owner, receiving his reward.
The train then resumed iU Journey.
TOPEKA. Kans., May ZL— Becaaso m
dog belonging to one of tne Moore broth
ers, owners of the Rock Island Railway
system, decided to make an lavestisatloa
of the • Western prairies on his own ao
count. the business ;of the system was
tied up for . fifty , mlnutds yesterday and
the, owner of the dos was compelled ta
pay CO for Its recapture.
W. H. Moore, owner ot the ipaaiel
which, caused an the trouble, and his
brother. J. H. Moore, were traveling orar
the Rock Island on & special train. While
the engineer waa taking on water at
Bethune. a small station is. Sherman
County, the spaniel escaped from * the
car and started toward the Nebraska
Special Dispatch to . The CaJt
Sped&l Dispatch ta Tb« CaZL
Grand Duke to Head Russia's
National Defense Council.
Squadron of the Famons
Seventh Will Go to the
Philippines.
Crime Is Suggested to
Girl by- Stage
Drama.
COMMANDER IN CHIEF OF TltE RUSSIAN MILITARY FORCES IN MANCHU
RIA AND RELATIVE OF THE CZAR, WHO WILL HEAD THE NATIONAL
DEFENSE COUNCIL ABOUT TO BE CREATED..
Escape of a Railroad
Magnate's Canine
Delays Traffic.
CAVALRYMEN START
FOR SAN FRANCISCO
WIESBADEX, '•\u25a0•\u25a0 May" 21.— Empress .Au
gusta Victoria fell down stairs to-day, and
was slightly injured on ; the forehead.
Though the injury is said not to be seri
ous, the incident has caused the-post
ponement of the .'departure of the Em
peror and Empress . for Berlin.
ONE MILLION
IMMIGRANTS
YEAR'S TOTAL
MURDER ENDS
CHILD'S WORK
AS KIDNAPER
TRAIN STOPS
WHILE CREW
CHASES PUP
She Slips ;;on Stairs at
Wiestaden; Striking
:'> Her Forehead.
TOKIO, May. 21.— The following offi
cial report is published: .
"In the direction of Wei Yuan Pao
men, on the morning of May 19, the
enemy, -with two companies of infantry
and -two. squadrons of cavalry, again
attacked Chiengtzu, but was repulsed
at 1" o'clock in the afternoon. Simul
taneously \u25a0'\u25a0 the enemy, with -one r;gi
ment of infantry and five squadrons of
cavalry actively attacked Ching Yang
Pao, but was entirely repulsed iit 6
o'clock in the evening.
"There has been no material change
at 'iChangtu,-- except collisions witn
scouts, : since we repulsed the enemy
on May IS. On the right bank of the
Liao River the enemy's cavalry is con
centrating, its main strength being, at
Kung Chuliang, eight miles .west of
Fakoman. At* noon of May 19 they at
tempted to threaten the i rear of our
camps by . making a southwestern de
tour, but our. strong guards disheart
ened them and £ they retreated in a
northwestern direction without attain
ing their object."
Oyama's . Headquarters Report Repnlse
of Attacking: Columns.
RUSSIA*' TROOPS ACTIVE.
EMPRESS OF GERMAKT, WHO YESTERDAY FELL. DOWNSTAIRS AT VTIKS
BADEX AND INJURED HER FOREHEAD. 'HER DEPARTURE WITH THE
KAISER FOR BERLIN HAS BEEN DELAYED . BY THE ACCIDENT.
PARIS, May 2L — Advices from Hong
kong report that an enormous fleet , of
colliers for the Russian Pacific fleet • in
off the . .Mekong delta J and \u25a0 along the
whole coast as far as Cape St James.
l*ort j- of the colliers are flj-ing the Ger
man fins and | a score of others show
British, Xorvregian, Russian and French
Has*. \u25a0.'\u25a0-.
-ST. PETERSBUBG, May 21.— Vice
Admiral Birileff, ;who will have com
mand- of the sea" and land-forces -at
Vladivostok, will leave for tha Far
East on May 25.". , . •
- Greatly "increased activity is '; observ-.
Sble : In-" the"dispatch "of * -troo'p'S^io*:- "tno
Far East from Poland. v Recently pick
ed drafts trom various | regiments j were
sent from Warsaw, Lods and- other
places. . .
HARBIX, May 21.— An officer who nas
returned from the. extreme left of the
Russian army , says- the Yalu detach
ment is constantly skirmishing with
the Japanese, with whom are 5000 Chi
nese bandits armed with captured Rus
sian rifles and officered by Japanese.
A strong wind is drying the roads
"southward.
Forty Vessels Are
Flying German
Flags.
Wireless messages were sent to Hon
olulu asking: for aid. A tug also was
sent, through fear that the wireless
was' not working. The secretary of the
Japanese Consul accompanied the. force
on, the steamship Kinau, with: the view
ofrpacifying the ; strikers. . '
' The entire remaining Ipolice force of
Honolulu is on duty at the police sta
tion to-night, under" Deputy Sheriff
Rawlings, although there are no signs
of- trouble on this island.
Soon after the steamship's departure
a S clash between .; the Japanese and I the
plantation police > occurred, - tn \rhlon
shooting: took place and -which resulted
In a general outbreak and the impris
onment of the whites and the militia in
the court honsc li y the ~ Japanese. ' .
HOXO LULU, May ; 21*— Most of ; the
white population |at| La Haina, on I the
island :of \u25a0 Mau), including the . militia,
are prisoners in the J courthonse, •; sur
rounded by striking Japanese laborers.'
One Japanese was killed and two it ere
wounded by the -plantation police dur
ing an attack on a plantation mill. ' i
;: The entire 2300 Japanese laborers on
the island are now onstrlke and are in
a; violent | mood. V 'The , steamship; Kinau
left "Honolulu this: afternoon, - taking
National Guard Company iF,". consisting
of' thirty men, commanded by.: Captain
Johnson,; and forty: Honolulu police,
under High ; Sheriff Henry, to the scene
of" the trouble. Captain' Parker of 'the
Kinau expected to arrive . at La j Haina
between •10 r and 11; o'clock 1 to-night. : \u25a0
\u25a0The strike started a week ago on 'the
"Wailuki- plantation, beyond *La Haina.
The "Japanese made " al ong i list' of .de
mands, including- .the discharge of the
head overseer. All- of : the demands
were rejected. . '. ;: \u25a0;,
; Ori ; Friday last the strike spread' to
the O Pioneer '.I plantation.' ..The •; Pioneer
immediately;^ began : '^j paytn g '"bit "the
*meae^^tO'Bt6hV*th*Hß»fil»and?'t6'~Tesi«t
all efforts of the mounted policemen : to
drive them away. . :
T The" Maui militia, which was called
but,',restored order temporarily. Every
thing j was . peaceful = late on Saturday,
when: the island steamship Claudine
left. - . ' • •-
The lowa^ State' Board- of Health has
sent forth its ukase-against hair on the
face— at least - so^far./as the . medical
profession ; is '. concerned. The conserv
ators of public '\u25a0'-. health' have taken this
step because they i look ! upon \ whiskers
as j the , natural ; abode £ of all kinds of
dlsease : breeding germs. *\u0084-, ... ; - . .
.' 'Dr. ' Kennedy, : is . leading., the crusade
against "Whiskers. "He I also is opposed
to "long; skirts ..worn" by . women. v.-He
says v they help _ : to -£; spread' disease
breeding germs. 1 : ;\u25a0-;* t* , > .- _\u25a0- \u25a0- '-;.•:
. "For many years rjhaye studiedcon
tagious and Infectious "diseases," said
Dr. Kennedy to-day.*? "I cbnclud£l that
in manyiinstances' ; physicians • them
selves^were:responsible: for spreading
disease serms. They," did not take pro
per precautions.;; "| Z -/...V'-v'-^' '.%'?'}.-'-•[;.
"I . obsepve4''t^»t*^fdlcaLwD>ca"''»'erft«
"gtvia " to": Vk^rm \u25a0;
to be one- of . the distinctive marks of
the profession. In -the dissemination
of germs, the beard. worn by a physi
cian is " much to be blamed. 'To [ disin
fect a beard properly would require "the
application of .a germicide — •
something so strong as 'itoj strangle the
owner* of the? beard if he did the work
thoroughly, v I believe ; that j the : only
sure way ofpreventihg'physlcians from
disseminating disease germs; is to get
them to cut oft ' their beards.'.
"According to the best .authorities,
the long skirts of women. sweep up mil
lions of germs in "the) streets and de
posit them in the homes. For the sake
of posterity it would 'be well to cut
the skirts to' such length' as would pre-.
vent them from I sweeping the streets."
XEW YORK," May 21.— Dr. JV F. Ken
nedy, i secretary i of the ; lowa v State
Board - of i Health :and>. disseminator -'of
the now -. famous £• slogan "Whiskers
must go," is here'fdr/a visit with rela
tives.- \u25a0 '.:'.-' •\u25a0\u25a0^'Sr'; : 'l '-'\u25a0- ;\u25a0\u25a0 '- \u25a0•
Special : Dispatch •to ..The Call.
Reinforcements of Troops and
. : Police Hurried From Hon
olulu to Maui Island.
Hirsute Adornments Said to
Be Responsible;for Spread
of Disease
State Health Board Is
sues Orders; Against
Facial -/Hair.
White Population of La
Haina Takes Refuge
in Courthouse.
Japanese Hold Ha
waiian Guards
CaDtiv6i
lowa Medical Men
\u25a0' Must Go Clean
Quay oil
SUPPLIES FOR RUSSIAN WARSHIPS
BROWN MEN
ARE BESIEGING
THE MILITIA
PHYSICIANS'
BEARDS ARE
UNDER BAN
GREAT FLEET OF COLLIERS
OFF COAST OF CHINA.
Ihe Call Prints More JNews m oan rrancisco
THE WEATHER.
Forecast xnad? at Saa Francisco for
thirty Lctre enfiing midnight. May 22:
San Eraneifico and vicinity — Fair
Monday; 'fresh northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecaster.
THS2 THEATEES. •
ALCAZAR— "A Fool and His Money."
CALIFORNIA— •'. Tie Unwelcome Mrs.
-
CENTRAL— "Tho . Convfcfs DanffS- .
- ter."
CHUTES — Vanfleville.
COLUMBIA— "A noaanc* of Ath
lor.e." Tgll *Hi|ftWßlllHU! '
GRAND — ""Way Out "West."
LYRIC HALL, — Lecture, "Welfare
Work."
ORPHEUM- Vaudeville.
TIVOLI — Comic Opera.
The San Francisco Call.SAN JOSE. May 21. — The annual bac
calaureate services of the University of
the Pacific were held in the chapel this
morning. There were elaborate floral
decorations and a large attendance of
students and their friends. President
Eli McClish delivered the baccalaureate
sermon. >
rJnJrmtty of Pacific Service*.
BOSTON. May 21.— 1t develops 'that 150
fake rubber' plantation companies have
been operating throughout the country }n
the last two or | three years. All are of
the same general^ character and, many
are organized in the; face of such con
clusive exposures as given by the United
States consular report in which, \u25a0 under
Government sanction, it .was^declared
that rubber culture by planting has never
succeeded and j probably ' never \u25a0 would.
: The facts gathered prove : that- over
$6,000,000 of American money ; has been
paid into speculative plantation com
panies,. Many of "them : have ; gone out
of existence, others are now 1 In the hands
of receivers and still others are reor
ganizing to get more money" out of the
community. ;"'...
It is - understood that : a general investi
gation of all these > concerns) has been
started by the United . States authorities
and some action against them soon " is
likely;. '" - \u25a0-\u25a0-.- '-._; ; " .- : ; ~ •. / \u25a0
Scores of Fake Plantations
Said to Have Looted
People.
Specta.l Dispatch to The Call.
COXSTANTINOPLE. May 21.—Rou
m&nla insists upon reparation for the
act of the Va.lei.of Tanasia ta arrest
ing several Roumanian school inspec->
tor* In spite of the privileges conferred
upon them by the Porte.. The Rouman
ian . Government declares that unless
the demand for reparation is complied
•with relations with Turkey will be
broken oft
Objects to the Arrest of School Iniipee
tors and Demand* Reparation
From the Porte. .*':'
ROUMAXIA SEXDS ULTIMATU3I )
TO TURKISH GOVERSME.VT
GOVERNMENT AETEIt
RUBBER COMPANIES
TACOMA. May 21. — Attorney General
.* tvhieon has notified British Consul
LrfXidlar? at Portland that his office can
not \\ ;rfere with the six-year sen
ti froJ i is*n<3 upon William Smith, now
Jr. . Walla Walla penitentiary for
i/urgtary. Smith recently addressed a
lonr; letter to Laidlaw. claiming inno
cence and claiming that the Judge
was intoxicated during his trial. Laid
law was informed .that Smith undoubt
edly had a fair trial.
E*itac Consul cf Portland Falls to Se
-tire Release of a Prisoner
In Wa«hincrtou. •
XiIST .SERVE HIS TIME
SAYS STATE'S ATTORNEY
The mob attacked the building and soon
every window and fixture in the place
was shattered and demolished.
While the disturbance was at its height
three negroes, who had followed Tinsley
into the saloon, dragged Bernstein" into,
the basement, and, armed with clubsr
stood ready to defend him. In the mean
time two patrol wagons and an ambu
lance filled with policemen were hurried
to the scene. It was only after a desper
ate fight, in which several of the rioters
were badly . bruised by the policemen's
clubs, that the mob was forced back from
the saloon, shouting for Bernstein.
. The police told them that Bernstein had
been killed and "to' make good the re
mark the bartender, ' who was uncon
scious, was placed on a stretcher, a cover
thrown over his face, and brought 1 to -.the
door of the saloon. This had a quieting;
effect on the mob and it soon dispersed.
Late to-night Charles Poske was . shot
in the shoulder by a' colored. man during
a disturbance at . Twenty-third street and
Stewart* avenue. Poske is watchman in
a coal yard. ' \.^
The trouble started when James Gray
accused Bernstein and a white companion
of being trouble-makers. Since the team
sters' strike Gray has been employed by
a coal company as a driver. The merits
of the strike and the shooting of young
Carlson were up for discussion, .\nsry
words soon led to blows and in tho fight
that followed Gray drew a knife and at
tacked the men. Bernstein, who Is a
bartender, drew a revolver and fired four
phots. Two of the bullets took effect In
Gray's body. He fell unconscious and
died while, .being removed to a hospital.
As Bernstein and his companion were
leaving the scene two coioree men seized
the bartender and a scuffle for possession
of the revolver began. Special Policeman
Tlnsley, colored; came runnmg up. See-
Ing the colored policeman approaching
Bernstein, swung- the- revolver toward him
and, according to Trnsley, discharged the
weapon twice.- Tinsley returned the fir.*,
shjooting four, bullets Into Bernstein's
body/ 1 Bernstein fell unconscious and a
crowd that had gathered made toward
Tlnsley and the wounded man. With the
assistance of another, negro Tinsley pick
ed Bernstein up and ran into a nearby
saloon. Tlnsley stood in the doorway
with drawn revolver. The crowd, which
was composed of negroes, was crying for
vengeance for the killing of Gray and
Tinsley, seeing that unassisted he would
not be able to keep it back, shut "and
barred the door. ,
In a riot that broke out in this district
to-night between the whites ajid the
blacks James Gray, colored, was killed,
Harry Bernstein was mortally wounded
and a building in which Bernstein, a
white man suffering from four bullet
wounds, was being held a. captive, was
stoned and partially wrecked by a mob
of 1000 . persons.
CHICAGO. May 21.— Chicago Is threat
ened with a race' war of serious propor
tions. Embittered by the shooting of
Enoch Carlson, an eight-year-old boy,
last week by two negroes, the resi
dents In the vicinity o£ Twenty-ninth
and Dearborn streets have armed them
stsives and clashes between white and
ccioied men have become so tnfqupnt
since the Carlson murder that it nas be^n
found necessary to detail stores of police
men ia the district to preserve peace.
£yen this precaution has bee:i unsuccess
ful in beeping the opposing factions
apart.
STRHCE LEADS TO A RACE WAR.
special Dispatch to The Call.
California!! Said to Be Slated
< for Presidency of Wa
bashLine. ;
SAN JOSE, May 21.— A fire in China
town early this morning destroyed a half
dozen • buildings and caused a loss of
$50,000. All- the buildings were owned by
the Heinlen estate of this city. ,-The mer
chandise ptores of the " Sing Kee 'and
Quong Lung companies, a crug store con
ducted by Lee Chang, two lodging-houses,
the Baptist Mission,, the Chinatown, jail
and several pother [ small business places
were destroyed. .',
About a year ago a small nitro glycer
ine bomb was exploded in the block
burned in an attempt to kill one of the
lodging-house keepers and the fire is be
lieved to have been the -work of ' his
enemies.'-." 1 : \
ST. PETERSBURG. May 2L— The desir
ability of securing, the revocation of the
Imposition by Russia of the maximum
duty on American imports, levied in re
taliation for the imposition of a, counter
vailing duty by the United States upon,
Russian sugars, which Embassador Mey
er is trying to adjust, is assuming addi
tional importance owing to the fact that
the new Russo-German tariff, which goes
into effect at the end of the year, will
form the basis for a **most favored: na
tion" clause.
,That treaty raises the duties on ma
chinery and other articles in which
American exporters to Russia are espe
cially interested and the new general.
or maximum, tariff, with corresponding
increases, goes into effect simultaneously.
Consequently unless the Russo- American
tariff dispute be adjusted American Im
ports are destined to bear still further
burdens. If the dispute be adjusted the
United States will get the benefit under
the "favored nation" clause, not only of
the reduction accorded to Germany, but
also under the new commercial treaty
about to be negotiated. with France.
• The Russian Government seems to be
sincerely anxious to again place the Unit
ed States on the most favored nation ba
sis; but naturally would like to see the
old status quo restored.
SACRAMENTO, May 21.— 1t is cur
rently stated in railroad circles In this
city that B. A. Worthington. who recently
resigned as . head^ of the Harriman lines
in Oregon, will succeed J. Ramsey Jr. as
president of the Wabash line of the Gould
system and his headquarters will be
either, at Pittsburgh, Pa., or St. Louis.
'Mo. The Wabash system embraces more
than 3000 miles between Pittsburg and St.
Louis and is one of the most important
lines of the . Gould system. The position
is understood to pay $10,000 a year salary.
CAPTURED SPANISH CRUISER "
NOW FINE RECEIVING SHIP
MAX WHO TIED HANDKERCHIEF
FOR CZOL.GOSZ IN TROUBLE
TACOMA CHI LDREX^ GUESTS
OF TIIK SIAYOn AT CIRCUS
TURKS A?n> MACEDONIANS
TS SANGtItVARY BATTLE
PORTSMOUTH/ N. H., May 21. — The
cruiser vßeln;iv Reln;i Mercedes, captured .at
Santla'go^ during the war with Spain,
sailed to' day " f or . Newport; R. L,'. after
having, been remodeled as a receiving
ship.. The cruiser has been undergoing
repairs for : nearly j five years : and is
said to be one' of tho best equipped
receiving ships in "the navy.
Relim Mercede* £ Takes Her Place. In
American- Navy After Years of
\u25a0 V .Work- on Her. " > '
Take Advantage of >tne
Executive's Offer.
Boys nod Girta Under. Fifteen Quickly
TACOMA, May 21. — One hundred and
six boys and girls under fifteen years
of ase' wero taken to a circus yester
day' by Mayor 'Wright- as the guests of
himself and -his five children." The
[Mayor; announced first that he would
take the first fifty boys and girls to ap
ply. Thepe. came so quickly that he In
creased the number to one hundred."
Violate* lIIm Parole After Having Been
• Convicted of - Petty Larceny
in Illinois.
ST. LOUIS, May 21. — Edward Saf tig,
who gained notoriety after the assassi
nation^, of President McKinley because
of his' assertion that' he r had tied the
handkerchief around th# pistol hand of
Czqlgosz. will be taken -to the/State
penitentiary at Joilet, 111., to-morrow,
where he \u25a0Is wanted for ".. violating
parole. ' He" was cbiivicted of --having
committed petty larceny. -
Fifty Of the Sultan* .Men and Eleven
Insurgent* Said to Have
Been Killed.
. ATHENS. May. 2l. — An encounter be
tween Graeeo-Macedonian hxmdUs an< *
a strong: Turkish detachment lis re
ported to have occurred in the district
of Langadina. in Macedonia. Eleven
insurgents and fifty Turks are reported
to have been killed.
WORTHINGTON MAY
TAKE RAMSEY'S PLACE
FIRE DESTROYS
SIX BUILDINGS
Russia Anxious to Restore
"Most Favored Nation"
Relations.
"The employers propose to do business
and will continue to invoke every legal
avenue for the protection of their men
and property. That the employers are
right in the attitude they have assumed
in the controversy was demonstrated by
the fact that every term and condition
they insisted upon was agreed to by
Shea and his committee^ Notwithstand
ing this, however. ' "«i now .insists that
the express compan at shall be boycotted
by as in order to bring about a settle
ment of the strike." . \u25a0\u25a0 •
The first spread of the strike is expect
ed to come to-morrow morning, when the
Lumbermen's Association, an .. organiza
tion employing J<oo teamsters, will issue
an order to its men to make deliveries to
all .business houses regardless of v.-heth
er they are involved in the strike or not.
In anticipation of such an order the
teamsters met this afternoon and voted
to go on. strike should any teamsters be
discharged for refusing to obey.
Levy\Mayer, chief counsel for the Em
ployers' Association, gave out a state
ment tb-night m,which he said:
Nothing can prevent a general indus
trial upheaval throughout the city unless
something unforeseen occurs to bring
about a settlement of the teamsters*
Ktrikei The express companies udhere to
their determination not to give employ
ment to any of their former employes,
and the rirm> involved -in the difficulty
declared to-night that they would stand
by the express companies. President Shea
said to-night that the union would never
call off the Btrikc until the express com
panies came ta terms.
CHICAGO. May 21. — "Should there be
an extension of the attrike am! Ihr riot-
Ing- of trro vrcek* aero be rrnumed.
troops vrlil be celled upon to maintain
order.*'
This was the positive assertion made
to-night by Mayor Dunne.
Sheriff Barrett said to-night that he
would continue swearing in deputies to
morrow, and would make special efforts
to Increase the number.
"The Mayor and I are determined." he
said, '•that the peace of the city shall be
maintained."
WOULD END TARIFF
WAR WITH AMERICA
According to a member o». the class
young Rockefeller while in Cannes some
time a?oa ?o was under the care cf a spe
o«;iii. '.. who told him that unless he
BfWteii great improvement this summer
-lit- "...ruild have to return to Europe in
.\s lor young Rockefelier"s hoaith. it
was s-aid to-day that his real ailment
had proved to be nervous dysptp.sia, of
a type similar to that which aifected
his father for years. The trouble is at
tributed In large part to the cars and
worry growing out of the great respon
sibi«t:.- that had developed upon the
young ma-j since his father transferred
to him actual otScia! contro. of his share
in the Standard Oil Company and the
various banking and railroad corpora
lions affiliated with the great kerosene
monopoly.
Although outwardly the Rockefellers,
father and son, have appeared to be
much a!i«te in a certain placidity of tem
pormeiH, it is said by those who know
the son that he is in reality of a nervous
disposition.
Young Rockefeller has devoted himself
with every stow of enthusiasm to his
Bible class, and has withi i the last few
months gone publicly on record as say
ing some sharp things about modern
business men. He has preached absolute
poverty. He has said thst a corporation
that did not do pood tP others as well as
to itself would ultimately fail. All of Ida
lal.'s to his class have bi.en marked by
earnestness.
RorkoWlcr Jr.. according to this mem
ber of tho Bible c:a*s, had made it cicar
to Rockefeller Sr. that he did not ap
prove of all of the Standard Oil's raod:s
of dotes business, but regarded them as
affording at the Jeast an exct:se for the
dry which had been raised against '*iaint
ed money."
It nui iurtlirr said, and sold sprcia
cally, by a nsrciUer of Ihe Xible rlas*
at the olomc of the nicotine o/ torn
body (o-ilaj. thai be uniiorr.imxJ that
?oung n<».k«;v;;rr ttnd Ueld itcrera!
h<-:;trd istrrvlcriK with lilt fsthrr on
the general wubjret of Mamlard Oil
nclfaotfa.
NEW YORK. May 21.— John D. Rock
efeller Jr., according to statements
made by members of his Bible class to
day, intends to follow his action of re
signing the leadership of the class by
withiirawing from all official connec
tion with the Standard O?l Company.
Thjs detpriKinat'on. it was said, is due
only in part, if at all, to ill health, but
is largely the result of the great pub
lic outcry against "tainted money," 1 re
cently raised !>y a number of Congrc-
ETGtional clergymen in Now England
and taken up by clergymen of other
denominations and by the people at
larf.
b'pecia.l Dispatch to The Call.
Sp«Ci&! Dispatch to The Call
der in the" Event of a
Resumption of Rioting
Troops Will Be Called to
the City to Maintain ' Or-
Younger 3ian Said to Have
Decided to Retire From
His Connection With the
Big Kerosene Monopoly
General Ybarda. the Venezuelan Min
ister of Foreign Relations, declared that
not even if tho army and navy of the
United States -came to, the shores of
Venezuela would the Government consent
to arbitrate the' case until it had been
decided, in the courts. If the concession
of the., asphalt company has been - an
nulled as reported. \u25a0 the Venezuelan: Gov
ernment will be requested to arbitrate the
question of the rights of the company.
In Vofflcial circles- i£ is stated that
Venezuela is now deprived of the excuse
hitherto urged against arbitration.
The New .York and Bermudez Company
has convinced Mr. ' Roosevelt and Secre
tary Taft that it has suffered great
wrong at - the hands of Venezuela, . that]
the receivership , and Ithe seizure of the'
property ordered several months ago by
the Venezuelan courts were unjust. and
that Castro exercises j such an influence
upon the courts that.no equity has been
possible for them in" the republic. Acting
upon this conviction, the State Depart
ment made, through Minister Bowen at
Caracas a request, which was .nearly an
ultimatum, that Venezuela; agree to sub
mit to' arbitration* the- controversy con
cerning the asphalt company. The
Venezuelan Government responded that
this could not be done, that the case
was stilJ pending in the courts of
Venezuela. '\u25a0
CARACAS, Veneauela, ' May 21.— The
New 1 York and Bermudez . Asphalt
pany will appeal; to the rull court', of the
second '^instance' 'from \u25a0 the decision ren^
dered yesterday declaring. void the Hamf
ilton concession and ordering the com;
party to: paydamages'to Venezuela. .It is
held \u25a0 that the company, '. under the expor
tation clause of the. -"contract, is liable
for the . natural products exported. It
was through the ' Hamiltcn concession
that the New York and Bermudez Com
pany obtained .the asphalt property^ '
WASHINGTON, May 121.1 21.— By the re
ported .decision against the . Americans,
the controversy between ' the United
States: and -Venezuela may be brought
to a critical stage: The difepatch . from
Caracas is somewhat' confusing to the
officials here, as there are in reality two
suits ..-pending: -V
SHARP INTERVIEWS
OX "TAINTED" MONEY
MAYOR GIVES A -FINAL
WAENMG TO LEADERS
SANTA ROSA, May 21.— Windsor, a
"small town on the California Northwest
ern Railroad ten miles' north of this city,
, was almost completely destroyed by fire
to-day. 5 Flames broke out in Reimann's
$10,000 hotel . at ; 12:45 / o'clock "and the en
tire building was burned. The flames
spread -rapidly-^to - adjoining - buildings,
and_befdre,they were extinguished caused
a loss of fully $40,000. The sufferers by
the tire and their losses are: : «Packwood
& Lindsey, barber.-sh op, loss $750;; M<>
Clelland brick building, the upper floor
of which was j used as a Masonic hall,
loss $3000; Hrarik Pool; grocer,' loss $6000;
Odd Fellows' Hall, loss $3500. -
The Foresters' Hall was j saved by Ar
thur. Cochrani' of Healdsburg. ; He climbed
a flagpole with a hose' thus gaining a
positionVwherehe could keep a stream of
water playing on the building. '• : \u25a0
Members"..: of the ;Santa r 'Rosa;Fire De
partment,, with 'a" steam fire' engine and
hose truck,' were sent '.to r Windsor. They
rendered valuable aid. The cause of the
tire is unknown." I > :^']i;\ r l
LONDON, May 21.— Arbitration 'is to
settle a strike at Belfast, Ireland, be
tween an American contracting firm and
its employes. Eleven hundred men em
ployed by J. G. White & Co. of New York
and London and engaged in the construc
tion of the electric street railway system
of the Belfast corporation recently walk
ed out because of dissatisfaction wtlh
their wages. They had been getting
eleven cents per hour. The contract
amounts to $2,675,000 and the work must
be completed by September 1 under heavy
penalty.
Tho same firm has been paying from
fourteen to sixteen cents an hour in Lon
don for a similar sort of labor. The con
tract made with the corporation of Bel
fast expressly states the minimum rate
payable. A representative of the con
tracting ftrrri says that for the first time
in Great Britain they were able to secure
a strike clause In the orlgriial contract:
allowed in view of the requirement for
rapid construction. : '
Laboring men here are greatly sur
prised at the employes' agreement to go
back, under the old terms, pending the
outcome of the arbitration proceedings,
which are to be conducted solely by rep
resentatives of the . men and the con
tracting firm.
"What connection do you charge that
Secretary Loeb had with what you say
was a conspiracy, to get possession of
the manuscripts of your book and of the
Platt letters?" she was asked.
"In answer to that I will simply say
that J. Martin Miller, a poorly-fed, , in
conspicuous correspondent for a country
newspaper, * was made a secret service
agent and acted under instructions from
higher authority in the part he played In
the conspiracy. I never talked with Mil
ler about my private affairs and he could
not possibly have had any personal in
terest in them. Someone else must have
talked with him about them and in his
efforts to get my manusenpr and J letters
he must have acted under instructions
from some one in authority. Whorwaa
that some one? When the case comes to
trial I shall- be glad to tell the -whole
story." . „ . . .. - '\u25a0 . \u25a0
"When Senator Platt was in New York
after our engagement ho used to write
and wire to me in his autocratic way to
come to New York to spend Sunday with
him, he being too old' and decrepit to
make the journey to see me. On numer
ous occasions Wynrfe and his friends used
to order me to New York to secure for
them some favor from Platt. I \u25a0 recall
that once I was ordered there by J. J.
Howley. Wynne's chief clerk, to ask
Senator Platt to back Wynne for Post
master General Payne's place in the Cab
inet.. Wynne was resolved that Payne
should go, and he: was hot after his job.
In time these attempts to use mo to fur
ther the political inteiest3 of Wynne and
his gang grew very tiresome, especially'
since I was always under the espionage
of secret service men from the' depart
ment.
"In April, 1903. I was sent to New York
to intercede with Senator Platt in behalf
of Wynnes chief clerk. On my arrival
there I found. a state of affairs so dis
gusting that 1 balked right then and
there. When Platt came to see me 1 told
him I was done with him and the whole
disgusting . business, and r I told ; him ' why.
He .at once flew into a rage and demand
ed to know what 1_ proposed to do about
it. I told him I "had as much • temper
and determination as he had, and masked
him what lie supposed wou.'u happen if
we should clash. ,
."'Why, you would be relegated to the
rear very quickly,' said he.
SENATOR ORDERED FROM ROOM.
"I talked with him a few moments, and
then opened the door and ordered him to
leave the room. He was very angry -and
very surprised at my action, but 'went.'*
SCMMOJfED TO NEW YOKK.
• - Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
.• \u25a0 '. -a*. '' \u25a0 : M - \u25a0 \u25a0
OMAHA, Nebr.. May 2L— "Were you
ever in love witn Senator Platt?"
Mac C. Wood,' who in the : petition in
her damage suit against them charges
William L,. I.#oeb Jr., secretary to Presi
dent Roosevelt: Robert J. Wynne, Consul
General to" London, and J. Martin Miller,
Consul at Aix-la-Chaptlle, with, having
obtained from her by unfair means the
manuscript of a book she proposed to
publish under the; title, ,".L.ove betters of
a B6ss," and certain love Ittters written
to her' by Senator Thomas, C. Platt; of
Nf w YorK, thought a moment before an
swering this Question.
"When 1 first met Senator Platt," she
finally said, "a'hd h« began paying me
h.s extravagant attentions, I naturally
(nough was pleased and flattered. He
was known to me simply, as a big politi
elaJn and a projn'nen't public man. and I
think few giria of my agre and occupying
a humble newspaper position would not
have been pleased and flattered at the at
tentions of a man of "his- eminence \u25a0in
public life. - .
"That I respected and tsteemed him
must be true, for I became engaged to
him, and I should scarcely have dono
that if I had not respected and esteemed
hiVu. When' I discovered that he was
leading a double life; when I discovered
that he was destitute of honor; when 1
discovered that when he was engaged to
me he was maintaining, an establishment
for and payhig attentions to another
woman, and when, .finally, my eyes were
opened and' l saw what sort of a man ho
was, I quickly ceased to respect and
esteem him, and- came to look upon him
with contempt.
Special Dispatch to The CalL.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1905, by the New York Her-
Md Publishing Company.:
Desultory fighting continues to the
islands south of Jolo. Major General
Leonard Wood, who recently conducted a
campaign against Moro outlaws, has ar
rived in Manila.
MANILA, May 2L— Colonel Wallace
Taylor of the constabulary was severely
wounded In an engagement with the Pula
janes on ifay 17 at Magtaon, on the east
coast of Samar. One private was killed
and ten were wounded in th«s engagement.
Many Pulajanes were killed. > -\u25a0-.'
Aid has' been requested- Two \ com
panies of the Twenty-first Itfantry will
leave \u25a0 Catbalogan to relnf orc« the con
stabulary.
and 3[asons Are-Gutted : by
Blaze of Unknown Origin
Halls oorf r the Odd Fellows
She Is Made the Dupe of
Ambitious Men Seeking
Favors From the "Boss"
Electric Railway Employes
Desire Increase in Salary
From Eleven Cents an Hour
Philippine Yorce Engages
the Pulajanes in Island of
Samar. Slaying Several
American Government Will
Now Seek to Have Matter
Adjusted by Arbitration
Rockefeller Sr. Is Told by
Rockefeller Jr. That the
Latter Disapproves of
Standard Oil Methods
Spread of- Chicago Strike
Will Begin^To-Day With a
Walkout, of .Teamsters
Employed by Lumbermen
ONE PRIVATE KILLED
SOCIETIES ARE LOSERS
WERE ONCE BETROTHED
ALSa DEMANDS DAMAGES
MEN RETURN TO WORK
Flames x Destroy Hotel and
Several flther -Buildings in
Little Town of Windsor
His Courts declare Void the
Big Concession G ranted
to the Asphalt Company
Young Woman Tells of Her
Falling Out with Sena
tor Platt of New York
Colonel Severely Wounded
and iv Request Sent to
3lanila for lieinforcements
American Finn Puts -Quick
End to Strike Over Wages
in Big Belfast Enterprise
UN VERGE
OF LABOR
UPHEAVEL
OIL BARON
IN QUARREL
WITH SON
REVELATIONS
BY MAE WOOD
CASTRO DEALS
A FINAL BLOW
FIRE CAUSES
$40,000 LOSS
TO ARBITRATE
WITH LABORERS
NATIVES PRESS
CONSTABULARY
THE SAN/ FRANGI SCO CALL! MONDAY, MAY 22. 1005;
HAVANA, May 21. — The i Medical Consress
to'day discusEed ' favorably.' a - reeolution - sug-
Kertlnß the creation of a branch ' of ; the • Health
Department devoted wholly, to the extinction 1
or infection-carryins tasecta.
? PHILADELPHIA.' May - 21.— The , annual
meeting > of , the Jewish Publication 1 Society ; was
held \u25a0 here -. to-day, and i was addressed by Rabbi
David Phniipsonifof: Cincinnati. * Rabbi rM." M.
Eichter, of this', city j and! others. V Thei society
decided >to \u25a0 co-operate : with :the Axaerican : His
torical * Society. : in > the "- celebration next S fall -of
the: two hundred >* and '-'fiftieth .anniversary ; . of
the settlement" "of" Hebrew* ;ln " the \u25a0 "United
.(States. " . . ' .
TACOIIA, May '2l.— ln 'some mysteri
ous manner the Alaska cable : was ; cut
Thursday at a point oft , Shilshol c Bay.
Communication with Alaska by? cable
is .'stopped [until; the- cable ship Burn
side can return, from Alaska, . find the
break and repair it.
Alaska Cable Is Cat.
; TACOMA. ; May a.— Tanana miners have
been stirred | ut> by : the robaery of a. Jap
anese Friday by . three masked men.'iwho
secured StQOO . in - duat: . A The I robbers S e«
eapedin aiboat secreted on a river bank.'
The v Fairbanks' vigilance committee is
. preparing 1 to arm ; a hundred 1^ of i its j mem
bers and drive but suspicious charactera. 1
Three Masked -Men Steal
• SlOOOWorth of Gold
Diist.
BANDITS OF; TAtf ANA
EOB JAPANESE MINEE
2
ADVERTISEMEyrS.
C fiats
Wltss sometimes are aven«
to Ufa insurance. Widows-
«n<J orphan* never are*. Test
too statement for yoursrlC
Walter Koff Seely, Manager,
San Francisco Branch, Pacific
Mutual Ufa Insurance Co.,
Crocker Building. ' : t t i i :
- ' '-"'\u25a0';\u25a0.'"\u25a0'/ -' - -.- . ;;' \u25a0 \u25a0;' : \u25a0"'\u25a0•\u25a0 \u25a0.-.':_. .;'.' advertisements. . -.- . ' '"" ' . -. :. " -\u0084_
fy^CJI «t I Blbs bBB I \u25a0Bis I^K i H9 I nB^K (*\u25a0" " '"""••'"" n|BB IyUB I Brl nflfl 1 03 1 .^nffHSnttl^^
•;£ " Any typewriter looks pretty when new— "'•-» -\u25a0\u25a0 C*3k j^S^
wjxtk any typewriter will do good work for * little. . : <^ WsM -^d&r^
Hra \u25a0•'\u25a0/-- But true typewriter worth is fband only irter k|
years of "test and service. : - , GJm —
H^kß -''-\u25a0:: -' \u25a0 .' \u25a0' " .'\u25a0•• \u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0.- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' ' - *^ '-\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 v^&m^^^
I \u25a0.£ tf ; "'^% d[ f"%4T "%
H USC it. There mUSt DC Please note change of address
B I \u25a0"\u25a0';• \u25a0'- \" ' ".*\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.: \u25a0\u25a0' * \u25a0 -- * "\u25a0•"'- •'\u25a0-"\u25a0 C? \u25a0 * - * ' ; * v -*\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 fIHSi s\j* QT T r nr*"C T? CT"DXTTTT
\u25a0BIK9V '- \u25a0 ' - \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 . ' . '..-• ..-\u25a0-\u25a0. I ,c \u25a0 ..." -^^ - \u25a0 ' vfii£**ar*^r*'~ " - ' • \u25a0 » » k m . \r A JL Ed X% k? L J>> CV "\u25a0# !\u25a0 %
; .... - ..... . , »i«ir iiinnmiiiniiii - 1" - 'i -r| 1 1 - nrn-i mm- . . ' ' ' . • s.J. H. Dau. a recent arrival from Ba
kersfleld, was run down late last night
by a Hayes-street car at the ""comer \ of
Market : and Fifth streets^ It .is
thought 'he : suffered a fracture
of the , skull ;'-.\u25a0, and Internal in
juries ' that may j prove • fatal; :. H« was
crossing. the street and' did not see r tha
approaching , car till too late to tffet tout
of ithe |,way. f i He was Z removed Ito 1 the
t Central ; Emergency. Hospital." where he'
has a fighting chanc*. • >
J. n. Dan Is Struck by Vehicle at -Fifth
and ; Market ;' Streets and May Die -
of ;Hla Injuries.- ; V
BAKERSFIELD MA3T RUN DOWKT : ; v
AND : INJURED BY, A CABLE CAR
I ~ "Dan" McLaughlin was | well recog
nized in newspaper circles , as a keen,
humorous and forcible writer.; He
came to this city four years, ago ., and
at once affiliated himself with the edi
torial staff of The Call. Its flies con
tain many. of his cleverest \ efforts.
Often, however, he - contributed excel
lent articles : to weekly and monthly
periodicals. McLaugrhlin , began the
"Police Court stories" that have
amused so many. His prize story, "As
Ye Sow," which appeared in the issue
of The Call a week • ago yesterday, un
doubtedly shad; woven \u25a0 In, Its I well \u25a0 de-_
fined plot'a portion of the writer's per
sonal history. - To • some *it seems \u25a0 now
that McLaughlin- to, a. certain;-; extent
depicted his own end as he expected it.
Daniel > McLaughlin >.was •36 years of
age. He was born in the ? Black Hills
of South ; Dakota and /spent his S early
days , there, j'i He , was a graduate of the
Georgetown . University of
D. C v He '\u25a0 leaves a .brother,-/ w. L. Mc-
Laughlto; a lawyer ' of Deadwood;
South Dakota, and a mother, Mrs. Ellen
McLaughlin; - of — Keokuk,-- : lowa,-> to
mourn his death. \u25a0 ' His • remains • proba
bly v will " be 5 shipped Ito South Dakota
for Interment. - •? < . ; t
Daniel J. McLaughlin, for years one
of the best-known newspapermen in
the West, died last night of heart trou
bles at a local hospital. He had been
ill for many \u25a0 months . and the ' end was
not unexpected. * ,\ , : ; i ; < •
Daniel J. McUnslilb, Local 'Writer,
Dies, a Victim of Heart
Complication*.
WEXL-KXOWH NEWSPAPERMAX
r ASSES AWAY AT HOSPITAL
When some men fall to make a hit
they try to blame it on the hammer.
SAN RAFAEL. May 2L— The- final
contest In a series of three of twenty
flve-men teams between Companies C
and D, Fifth Infantry, National Guard
of California, was held here .o-day at
the -200. 300 and 500 yard ranges. Com
pany C won permanent possession of
the cup with the narrow margin of
three points, making the same total aa
the former highest score made by Com
pany D^ — 1174.
Militiamen at the Raaget.
A3EEEICAX COXSUI*. DEAD.
Aidce Tonrgf*. United States Represen
tative la Bordeaux, Passes Away.
BORDEAUX. May 21.— Judge 'Albion
Winegar Tourgee of Mayville, N. V.,
Axnerican Consul here, died to-day of
acute uraemia, which resulted from an
old wound. He was 67 years of ape.
Juig-e TourgTje was taken seriously ill
come months ago, but his condition im
proved and it was believed his recovery
was probable. Recently, however, the
disease took another serious turn and
Judge Tourgree lingered until this
noraing:. He was born at Williams
field, Ohio.
SALINAS, May 2L— After a hotly
contested pitchers' battle of fourteen
innings between Salinas and the Fif
teenth United States Infantry teams
the same was called without a score on
either side. Palmtag. for Salinas,
struck out .fourteen and Bankston. for
the soldiers, twenty. Errors were
plentiful and hits few. Batteries: Sa
linas — Palratag: and Lauritzen; Fif
tenth Infantry — Bankston and Sullivan.
Fonrtecn laahis* sad Yo Roma.
A man's self-esteem often receives
a terrific jolt from the small boy who
wants to know things.
The strenuous man often wins a vic
tory that isn't worth the effort.
W. E. D. Stokes Jr., the young son of
Millionaire W. E. D. Stokes of New Tork.
Guy Barham, former State Bank Com
missioner, and, his wife, who have been
at the St. Francis for several days, de
parted yesterday for Los Angeles.
LudwigVan Orden, the well-known clerk
of the St. Francis, left last evening for a
twelve days' trip through the Tosemits
Valley. /
Dr. A. B. Gilbert of Portland is at the
California.
Judge E. C. Hart of Sacramento is at
the Grand.
E. B. Gage, a banker of Tombstone,
Ariz., is registered at the St.* Francis.
Frank Carr, a pioneer mining man of
Trinity Center, is registered at the Russ.
General Manager R. E. Wells and Gen
eral Freight and Passenger Agent E. W.
Gillett of the Salt Lake road are at the
Palace.
PERSONAL.
has been sent West for his health and is
at the St. Francis with his companions.
Robert W. Campbell, son oX the well
known local attorney, Joseph C Camp
bell, and his wife and child, arrived here
Saturday on a visit to his parents. The
former, is associated with the law de
partment" of the United States Steel Com
pany, with headquarters in Chicago, and
has been absent from San Francisco for
more than a year.
The Rev. William Kirk Guthrie deliv
ered a eulogy on John Knox at the First
Presbyterian Church, and the Rev. James
H. N. Williams, pastor of the Simpson
Memorial Methodist Episcopal Church,
spoke as follows:
\u25a0=• Great events recerally center arenmd great
and forceful personalities. The following- are
illustrative instances: Bismarck and German
unity; Cromwell and the Magna Charta: Peter
the Great and Russian progress; John Wesley
and Uethodism; George Washington and Amer
ican independence; Abraham Lincoln and. the
union oi the States and freedom of the slaves.
i And so when you turn, to Scotland and the
Scottish Reformation, aa Fronde has said:
"The one supremely great man that Scotland
possessed — the one man without whom Scot
land, as the modern world has known it.
would, have had .no existence, was John
Knox." Verily the name of ' John Knox is the'
cliief esC' on the • long > list ' of Scotland's heroes
and worthies
That chapter of her history which thrills
U3 most — which stirs our righteous resent
ment, awakene our noblest impulses, fires our
purposes and desires for the triumph of truth,
and begets a consecration to the cause of Pro
testant Christianity i* the records of the
sublime energy, the heroic daring, , the con
spicuous faith, the determined perseverance,
the consecrated talents, the unconquerable pur
pose or Scotland's chief est son— John Knox.
If you are looking for men or firm and un
deviatmg devotion to conscientious conviction
and unswerving allegiance to high nforal prin
ciple in the path of rectitnde, then John Knox
will be among' the greatest in the foremost
files of time. If you are seeking men of com
manding influence among Individuals and over
nationsextending to -increasing generations
then among the best examples John Knox will
be conspicuous.
It has been declared by high authority that
the history of Scotland -is the history of the
Reformation, and that the htetory of the Ref
ormation is the biography of John Knox. lie
has been » recognized at the Savanarola of
Scotland and the John the Baptist of the six
teenth century. :
He was born somewhere aad sometime In
1505. which makes to-day's celebration the
four hundredth anniversary of his birth. Birth
and genealogical tables are often matters of
email concern, while what a man was in his
own character and personality, an* what he
accomplished, are of ruprem* value. t
John Knox belonged to a great centary that
gave the world Shakespeare, Raphael. Kepler.
Michael Angelo, Lnther, Calvin, Zwlngll and
others whose names and influence are of per
petsal life.
The four hundredth anniversary of the
birth of John Knox, the Scotch reformer,
was observed in the city yesterday. Not
alcne was reference made to him by Pres
byterian ministers, but pastors of other
denominations remembered him in their
sermons. .\u25a0•'j.v.s
PAY TRIBUTE
TO JOHN KNOX
NELSON MEETS
BOXER ATTELL
Epedal Dispatch to Th» Can.
PHILADELPHIA, . May 21.— The long
looked-for appearance of Battling Nel
son in the East will take place to-mor
row night, when the Dane will box Abe
Attell. the feather-weight champion.
Great interest has been taken in Nel
son since he came here, although the
Western boy; has somewhat chilled en
thusiasm by his refusal to meet Willie
Lewis 'of New York, | unless the latter
weighs 130 pounds at 6 o'clock the night
of the bout, while he would not have to
weigh in. . • . -
In view of Nelson's announcement that
he is "a fighter, pure and simple," fight
fans view his action in the Lewis matter
with suspicion. Attell, who will meet
. Nelson to-morrow, is \u25a0 a boxer, not a
fighter. It is expected here he will do
to Nelson what' be 'did. to Tommy Mur
phy—make him look cheap. However, if
Nelson corners the elusive Attell it will
be all up with the latter.
On Friday night Peter Maher will box
Joe J. Eannette of New York. On Satur
day Tommy ..Mowatt of Chicago* will
make his first > appearance in the East
against Jack O'Neill of this city, , It has
been announced that the winner of the
latter bout will meet . Nelson in his sec^
ond* bout here.., .*«? « ...>,. -• " -j.-~^
CYCLERS. REVIVE GLORIES _. \-
OF THE SAX JOSE TRACK
Waible of the Garden City Wheelmen
Win* the One-Mile ' State Cham
- - . . , > p ion ship . Race. 'V '
SAN JOSE, May 21.-^-One"ofthe best
bicjrele and motor race meets seen on
the coast in years was held here, to-day
under the auspices of the Garden City
Wheelmen: About 2000 people were
present. The Garden City Wheelmen
carried off the honors. The, feature
was the one-mile State championship
race, won by W. "Waible of the Garden
City Wheelmen. It was a point race, in
three heats. Waible made ,12 ; points,
Backrath of the Capital City Wheelmen
10 and Mclaughlin of the Bay City
Wheelmen 5 points. The Garden City
Wheelmen also won the -Australian
pursuit race, its competitors being: the
California Cyclers, Bay City Wheelmen
and New Century Wheelmen. '' Baum
eartner of this city won the * three ' and
The Baptist and Episcopal churches in
North Fort "Worth were badly wrecked,
while the roofs of the Grand Hotel,* in
East Weatherfcrd street,, and the John
son House, in West Bluff street, , were
torn away. Fifty dwellings in various
parts of the city were damaged. The
Second Ward school I building was par
tially wrecked.
A passenger on a Texas and Pacific train
from the west reports that the town of Min
eral Wells /was partly blown away. One
church building belonging to the African
Methodist ' Episcopal congregation was
demolished. ' Many \u25a0-- business ! buildings
lost their roofs, including the First Na
tional Bank building, a seven-story struc
ture.
FORT WORTH, Tex., May U.— A heavy
windstorm, blowing at the rate of- seventy
miles an hour, struck this city from the
southwest at 6:30 o'clock to-night. : Part
of the west wall of the Texas and Pa
cific passenger station was blown in and
John Young, a train dispatcher, killed.
The storm .was most severe west of the
city and all telephone and telegraph
wires are down.
The Chino ranch is considered one of
the mest valuable properties in the south
ern part of the State, and has been the
object of negotiations several times in
the last few years. The ranch consists
of 30.fr X) acres and includes a large
amount of personal property. Among the
assets are a railroad and valuable rolling
stock, i such as locomotives, \ passenger
and freight cars, traction engines, devel
oped and producing oil wells, and their
complete outfit, business blocks, farm
houses and farming implements.
For a long time the title to the ranch
was clouded, but these difficulties have
been cleared, and with the advent of a
new owner it is understood that the prop
erty will be opened for settlement. The
purchase price is said to exceed $1,000,000
by several hundred thousand. "
"It Is true that a syndicate, with which
Edward T. Earl of Los Angeles and I
are identified, is negotiating for the. Chino
ranch," said Mr. Marshall, "and I regret
that the fact has become public' I came
to this city to" see other parties connected
with the matter, but had hoped to keep
the purpose of my visit secret."
A deal is now under way in this city
that \u25a0will probably result ; to-day or to
morrow In the sale of the famous Chino
ranch in San Bernardino County. ;
E. J. Marshall, vice president of the
Southwestern National Bank of Los An
geles, arrived here yesterday in connec
tion with the deal, and . admitted , last
night that he expected to complete it
within the next forty-eight hours. He
declined to enter into the details of the
transaction until it is completed, on the
grounds that it involves a great sum of
money and any interference would mean
a great loss.- ? -^?. N .'-^VV
It was on the occasion of her recent
visit to -Santa Barbara that she first met
the Count, at.d it is said that the noble
man was immediately smitten with the
fair ycuag woman. The Count and the
Countess own a beautiful place in Reg
ensburg, Bavaria, and are possessed of
considerable wealth. They have shown a
desire to travel ia this country, and in
vested considerable money three years
ago in the Southwest. • They have been
in ihe ha.bit of making regular visits to
California durins the winter months.
The first meeting between the Count
and Miss .Harrison is said to have been
followed by a. proposal from him, but
iliss Harrison. although seemingly
pleased with the handsome Bavarian's
attentions, was. it is said, a bit shy of
giving- him encouragement in his hur
riedly conceived matrimonial plans. Still
he persisted, and no one in the south was
surprised when the Count and his mother.
contrary to their winter custom, came
north to San Francisco immediately after
Miss Harrison and Miss Kaye had de
parted from Santa Barbara. News as to
whether the Count will overtake Miss
Harrison at Colorado Springs or follow
her on to Philadelphia is eagerly awaited
by society, which is wildly speculating
in the interim.
The Count took advantage of the first
opportunity to Inquire Quietly of the
clerk if Miss Harrison and her
were guests at the hotel, and upon learn
ing that the young women had left he
showed positive signs of disappointment.
For several days he busied himself try
ing to learn the destination of the two
yocrig wemen, and finally getting the
iiiicrrnaxion that they were to stop off
at Colorado Springs, he hastened the
departure of himself and his dignified
do tier in the same direction.
"Future mail shall be sent to The Ant
lers," was the hurried instructions left
by the Count, and since he disappeared
from the St. Francis speculation has
been rife as to whether he will be suc
cessful in his reported attempt to win
the fceart o! the Philadelphia heiress.
Miss Ks.rrison is well-known in Califor
nia, where she visits every year, and es
pecially in Santa Barbara, where she is
wort to spend the greater part of her
Btay in the West, and where she is con-
Etar.tly an object of attention from the
members of Eastern society that winter
there, and the subject of much conver
sation among- her own sex. She is an
"oui-aoor girl." who has few superiors in
h&rsemanship. golf or other fresh air
Eport. Although she feigns a mannish
air and carries a swagger stick, the fact
in no way seems to lessen her feminine
attractiveness, and everywhere she trav
els she finds many among the male sex
devoted to her. -.'. "
LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT.
Const Kaxl Holsurteia and Us mother,
rrHo mi formerly lady im v.«iti»«r to
the Qaf c_q of JBsvarin, bare suddenly
cut short their stay at the St. Francis
Hotel aad deported Cor Colorado
Sprint"- At the same time It Is re
ported that the attractive Miss Mildred
Hcrrisoa, an heiress of Philadelphia,
started several days u;o for .the same
place, la company with her chant. Miss
Sybil Kaye. Miss Kaje. by the way, is
the younsr woman irbose beauty has
been a subject of gossip In Paris Bad
other places on the Continent.
Little attention would have been given
to the movements of these tourists had
not a rcznor reached this city from Los
Armeies two weeks ago that the hand
sosie Bavarian nobleman was deeply in
love with Miss Harrison and determined
to capture her heart. It was about the
lime this story reached San Francisco
that Miss Harrison and Miss Kaye were
guests at the St. Francis. Suddenly they
left for the East and hardly had they
gone before the Count and his mother ap
rtved trern the south and registered at
the St. Francis.
DOES SOME TRAtLCSG.
Ibe Ferris' stock 'company presented
"Way. Out "West" last night at the Grand
Opera-house without Florence Stone in
the leading role. Miss Stone was sup
posed to-be starring as a r blind Indian
girl, though she did not have much to do.
She was given a warm welcome when she
appeared on the stage for the first time
and showed her versatility.
Dick Ferris was the shining light of the
production, which is built on the lines of
"Arizona," Ferris was the center of ac
tion and danger from the moment he ap
peared on the stage in the first act. He
was kept busy doing hero stunts through
out the play, posing in the dual role of
twin brothers— one a cowboy and the
other, an army officer. Frederick Julian
as the chaplain, Frank Sheridan as . the
colonel and A. Byron Beasley as the vil
lain were all much in evidence, and
played their parts very creditably. Lans
ing Rowan, Edith Julian and Marion Bal-
Hni were the leading female performers.
This evening the newsboys of the
city "will be admitted free to the play
through the generosity of Mr. Ferris.
Hundreds of tickets have been dis
tributed and the lads are promised an
enjoyable evening.
Charles H. Burke and Grace La Rue.
with their two lively "inky boys," pre
sented a lively sketch. Burke at once
established himself as a favorite. He is
a comedian of the best ranK and his pat
ent telephone, connecting with both the
upper and the Jower region, is one of the
funniest Orpheumisms sprung for a long
time. Miss La Rue sang "Billy"
Brackett's new waltz song, "Dear Old
Frisco," which was duly applauded.
- John Birch, who produces a whole
melodrama himself," assuming the dif
ferent parts by merely changing hats, is
still one. of the real hits.
This is certainly a great week for those
who appreciate vaudeville and know the
way to the Orpheum.
The Orpheum has a show this week
that the people cannot stay away from.
It is one of the record breakers for merit.
Perhaps the best thing on the bill is
the "Dr. Jekyll and Mr.. Hyde in Twenty
Minutes" by Emmett Corrigan and his
company, though, of their kind, there are
other features just as good. Mr. Corri
gan gives a representation of the dual
role in Robert Louis Stevenson's creepy
work that is one of the best things' ev«r
seen here. . His transformation from
the benign, lovable Dr. Jekyll to
the monster. Hyde, before the eyes
of the audience is almost weird
and is certainly one of the clev
erest things in stagecraft. The
rendering of the play in twenty minutes
is a taking idea. The audience is given
a good conception of the story on the
Orpheum stage.
Delia Fox was among the favorites and
her reappearance In the city was warmly
greeted. She sang some catchy songs in
a catchy way and was fgiven applause
and a great bunch of roses that glad
dened the heart of the comic opera fa
vorite, as shown by her_.apparent delight
when the flowers hove in sight, propelled
by an usher, who was lost to sight be
hind their mass of color.
Mabelle Adams, the "character violin
ist," is a charming young woman with
entrancing white arms. She played sweet
ballads and patriotic airs' in a medley, and
some classic pieces that made the 'gal
lery look dignified. She was applauded
for both.
Graceful and charming as ever,
Florence Roberts greeted her San
Francisco friends at the California
Theater last night after her long trip
through the East. Every seat in the
house was tilled by an enthusiastic ad
mirer. The play was "The Unwelcome
ilrs. Hatch," and the emotional young
actress showed her wonderful ability
to as great advantage in it as in those
pieces of French complexion where lo
cal play-goers have seen her more fre
quently.
In the scenes where she denounced
the woman -who had stolen her hus
band and where she is reunited with
her daughter Miss Roberts had her
audience at her feet. At the close of
the third act her hearers kept the cur
tain going until she made a pretty lit
tle speech and threw a kiss. Most of
the female portion of the audience was
moved to shed tears at the sad chap
ters in the story.
Herschel Mayall, who has lately been
slaying bandits at the Central, played
the part of the cruel husband with the
success which usually attends his ef
forts. Georgie Woodthorpe looked after
the humorous and pathetic character of
Agnes, the old servant, to the eminent
satisfaction of the house. The others
of the cast performed their duties in a
highly acceptable manner..
It was Miss Roberts, however, and
not the play, that most of the* people
went to see. The applause was almost
continuous. The earnest little actress
wore herself out in her endeavor to
satify her hearers. She never, had any
difficulty in filling the Alcazar, and
from the present outlook she will
crowd the California during her stay.
>*ext week she \u25a0will appear in "The
Country GirL" ,
• •. - • \u25a0;..-. . \u25a0\u25a0..•.;.
Member of Royalty Said to
Be Madly in Love With
the Philadelphia Heiress
Town of Mineral Wells Said
to Have Been Partly Blown
Away by the Heavy Gale
Orpheum Presents Unusual
Bill, Corrigan as Jekyll
and Hyde Making Big Hit
Transaction Involves More
Than a Million Dollars.
Land to Be Subdivided
ACREAGE VERY LARGE
LEAVES CITY SUDDENLY
UNROOFEP
STRUCTURES
EXCELLENT VAUDEVILLE
Count Holnstein Again Off
in Determined Pursuit
of Miss Harrison's Hand
Man Killed in Port Wortji
and * Several Buildings in
the State Wrecked by Wind
Receives. Applause Through
out Performance of "The
Unwelcome Mrs. Hatch"
Los ;Angeles.;S>Tidicate Now
Closing Deal for the Fa
mous Southern Property
MISS ROBERTS
VERY PLEASING
FIERCE STORM
SWEEPS TEXAS
CHINO RANCH
WILL BE SOLD
LEADS NOBLEMAN
A MERRY CHASE
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO CALL. MUNjJAY, MAY 225,- 1005;
• FRESNO, May 21.— 1n - a battle be
tween' Pitcher Whalen of Fresno and
Pitcher Perce of Oakland Fresno -won
the State League game by a score of
3 ' to 1. - '. *r :.'.--\u25a0"\u25a0
Fresno Nine Defeats Oakland.
flye mile;.. motor races. Results of
events -were:,. .; "- - "- .-\u25a0'
i One-mile novice— Won by^Reieel.' G. C W.;
Cushman. B. C. W.,- Becond; Bose, G. C. W.,
third. - Time, 2:36.
-' Two- mile handicap— Won by ShowaJter, G.
C-W.; Berryessa, G. C. W.. second; Long. B.
CvW.. "third. Time, 4:39 1-5.
Three-mile motorcycle—Won by Banmgart
ner, San Jose; Carroll. San Francisco, second.
Time.,:4:loC-5J .
.One-mile handicap— Won by DelOenbacher.
d. C. W.; Waible. G. C. W.. second: Showal
ter. G: a W., third. Time. 2:10 4-5.
One-mile State championship — Won by JWai
ble. G. C. W.; Backrath. C. , C W.. second;
McLaughlin, B. C W., ihlrd. '
' One-mile married \u25a0• men's race — Won *by E.
Barnes; G. C. W.; T. Belloll. G. C. W.. sec
ond; Francis, : G. C.W., third.
Five-mile motorcycle race — Won by Baam
gartner. Time." 6:30 2-5. -
\u25a0 ' Australian pursuit • race — Won by Garden
City Wheelmen, riders Berryessa. Deiffenbach
er and Waible. riding: 8 1-3 miles. Time, 20:45.
3
MAIDA & OKUDA
::: IMPORTERS OF:::
JplL "'Jgfianese Arts...
P^MFrce give 'gee.
lu^l'^lS'^^^'^i^J' W ' th evcrv Purchase of goods to the amount
m^lUft "'St^Vlf' 1 of " 5 ccnls or :norc A hi gh-class uno
••«&>s%*( M^kif-ifJ These vases sell for 35c cents, but we are
fi\t%%«R w B luh offer ' n £ 'hem FREE us an inducement for
fc^^ifollss 7#f£f you to Y lsit us and inspect our stock of choice
&\^s\§M& EMBROIDERIES. DRAWN WORK, SILK
«,^SBSSVs^V? GOODS, KIMONOS, in a LARGE VARI-
ETY OF PATTERNS - ATA T LOW PRICES..
% Fine br ? nzc » brass and Cloissone wire— ar-
; -> i:i "" trstic designs a specialty.
MAIDA & OKUDA,22? Sutter Sfc
Telephone Red. 1441.* " . -. *"\u25a0" \u25a0 • \u25a0 *••
._\u25a0''" " ' • t
The Perm Mutual life Insurance Co., of PhaadeipWa.
On. the 7th day of December, 1904^ by its Board of Trustees, unanimously adopted the follow-
ing resolution: ;
"BE IT RESOLVED by the Trustees of The Perm Mutual life Insurance Company of
Philadelphia, Pa., in order that its policy-holders may have fall and exact knowledge of its
• • busfness management and of the security end character of its investments, that the Presi-
dent of the Company request the Insurance Commissioner of Pennsylvania, together with
the Insurance Commissioners of Massachusetts and Wisconsin, either in person or by
deputies, to make a full and complete examination of the affairs and investments of the
Company, as provided for by, law, said examination to be made as early as can be arranged
after the closing of the accounts of the Company for the current year."
; r^e I request- of the Trustees was granted, and on the first day of February, 1905, the examina-
tion was begun, and concluded on the 24th day of April. The official representatives of the three
"departments, with their assistants and appraisers, in all some fifty persons, covered every detail of the
business management and the character and security of the Company's assets. The complete and
detailed /report of the examiners is too voluminous for publication in the press, but has been printed
in pamphlet : form and will be furnished on application- to the Home Office of the Company in Phila-
delphia, or to' any of its authorized agents in the United States. \_
! The condensed findings of the examiners are included in the following:
COMMENTS OF THE COMMISSIONERS
"THERE WERE PREPARED and submitted to the offi- "THE MORTGAGE AND LOAN DEPARTMENTS m
cers of The Perm Mutual Life Insurance Company well organized, and administer their respective duties
such questions as were deemed necessary for them to with commendable camion and skill."
ViSfnf thU^Jt » eret ° thC SamC ""^ bC f ° Und " "THE LOANS ON COLLATERAL are amply margined.
-.TaS^t/JS ££\u25a0 •'\u25a0 v ' \u0084, y j v 4 u The stocks ami bonds owned were carefuily counted,
"AS CALLED FOR in the resolution adopted by \he . and the market value ascerta ined through bond ex-
" 2^Sir«*J rustce ?' of - the , c ° m £ an y' a FDIL AN^ : perts, wth the result shown that the values claimed
. COMPLETE examination of the Company \*ias made, by the cornP any are conservative."
ic d RJ^^ SUbJeCted t0 thC P ° SSIBLE ON CmON TO^THE L^GAL REQUIREMENTS th,
"THE FINDINGS SUBMITTED by the examiners show company has voluntarily set aside $1,062 679 in order
thatthenet surplus of. the Company, as of Decem- ° nf.«y ff 55 * 1 * S!^£?S5 m SJP way ot
ber 815t; ',1904, should be 54.490,493.66 instead of > lower, interest rates or excessive mortality.
$4,231,261.22, MAKING A SURPLUS LARGER by »*THE EXPENSE OF OBTATNING NEWIBUSTNESS has
$259,237.44 THAN CLAIMED in the annual statement bean kept at a normal figure, and no disposition has
of the Company. AH of the Company's assets have been found to unduly develop the writing of insurance
• been appraised by competent experts employed in this upon Deferred Dividend Plans. On these the divi-
examination, and the increased surplus shown arises dends are apportioned annually, and the interests of
from the CONSERVATIVE VALUATION of assets by the policy-holders are fully guarded by the terms ot
the management." the contracts and the practice of the company."
•THE CHARTER OF THE COMPANY, granted Feb- "THE AGENCY BRANCH, looking at the anncat product
; ruary 24th, 1847, provides fully for its operation on a of new business, has been conducted with due econ-
• purely mutual basis, and it HAS NO CAPITAL O my and with. fidelity to the interests of policy
STOCK. The Trustees are elected directly- by the holders."
body of policy-holders, NO PROXY VOTINGJ>eing «THE SELECTION OF RISKS Is in competent hands, as
permitted; and the officers are, in turn, elected by the - excellent mortality experience of the company
Trustees.nooneofwhom^eligibletoofSaal position.'.' indicated. The company is operating In practically
"THE OFFICERS AND TRUSTEES exercise CONSTANT, all the states and territories of the United States, and
, INTELLIGENT AND FAITHFUL supervision over all on December 31, 1904, has upon the *paid for* basis
features of the, company's business. ' 140.793 policies outstanding, insuring 5332,016^37."
**THE REAL ESTATE HOLDINGS were examined by "Although an examination of this kind naturally inter-
competent appraisers selected in the various localities, feres with the routine work of the office, the officer*
• with- the result that the valuations obtained are and employes of the company rendered every assist-
, $387,699.76 IN EXCESS of those claimed by the ance within their fxjwer to the examiners, and
cheerfully complied with all requests."
|||§|||§| ( ISRAEL W. DURHAM, Insurance Commissioner, Pennsylvania.
Signed < FRED'K L. CUTTING, Insurance Commissioner, Massachusetts.
( ZENO M. HOST, Insurance Commissioner, Wisconsin.
It is with pleasure and satisfaction that the Trustees and Officers Have received and now publish
the report of the Commissioners. In the future as in the past they .-will' strive 'to fulfill the mission of
A PURELY MUTUAL COMPANY confining their efforts to transacting business within the lines laid
down in its Charter and By-Laws and in strict compliance therewith.
HARRY F. WEST, President
For full information relative to all forms of Purely Mutual life Insurance,
apply or write to Edward IL Hart, General Agent, 608 Claus Spreckels Building,
San Francisco, Cal.
A SuitLikeThis $ 1 Al — &^
Made to Your Order «V|
We will make you a suit in the style as ||| M^v^^^^^^^^^^^
pictured for $10. Of course the picture only i|fft 4 M^^s^^^^^^m
shows the style. You make your own
selection of the cloth and pattern; we
guarantee the wearing qualities of the suit ~^^^^^^^^B^^^^^^^
which are represented in the material, work- j —^^ =^^^^^^^^l
manship and trimmings. "t" t f^^^^^^H
If after the suit is made up it is not* satisfactory i '^V^^^P'
we will make you another suit or refund your money.
If you take the suit, to further prove our faith in WOJm
it, we will agree to keep it in repair free.
Thus you get absolute, protection and a liberal j W^ms
But outside of all this the suits are the equal of •
the $15 garments which are turned out by other 4|iy^
So come in to-day, select your cloth, be measured - Jp%2?'
a^nd have aJnewsummer suit by next Saturday night. - Wr
S^-WSfUT^iTI. Mail Orders ~~
Ladies should visit the Attend , W / f\ f V-W & |_^> Out-of-town customers should
Reception; Room in the Powell and « - , «»•;*'• - \ • c ,f, f • »i t_ j
! Ellis store— music every afternoon-: \ : .. M *"sfactocn.-^"-J" sfactocn .-^"-J- .." ! .- RR * a « of Ootkbg .write for self-measunng blank and
from 2;untilsVclpck.;This;roora . . ArCTA S^?!.?": Our selflmeasunn §
is becoming'a popular meetmg and ' * *^^r It^^M. 'O^ ;Ol»wrCs system assures a good fit; how-
lj;^g fefey ?• ; : '\u25a0\u25a0 : ::i^iLj FlKl.^74n M,4- rf «;> I ever, we guarantee every suit.; -ST. LOUIS, May 21.— After a week's
illness from appendicitis Peter Busch.
son of Adolphus Busch, the brewer, died
to-day in St. Luke's Hospital. Mr. and
Mrs. Adolphus Busch and their daugh
ter. Miss Wilhelmina, are on the At
lantic Ocean, en route to Europe. Be
lore they departed from New York they
were advised that the condition of the
patient was not serious. An operation
failed to relieve him and he oegan sink
ing yesterday.
« of the Brewer Falls to Recover
* ':,. : i •;. - - Operation.
YOUNG BUSCH PASSES AWAY.
Olympics. Positions. Picked Team.
D. ilcQuais..-. .. Ooal ..C. Delcescaux
C. H. Mlnto Point. W. Tobln
Nelson Dunn Cover point E. Petersen
George Brets First defense. .T. MeLaughlin
F. Burden Second defense. J. McWhJrter
George Maunts. . Third defense J. 'Walsh
D. McCarthy.... Center Rad Lyons
F. Scanlan Third home....N. da VUller* i
F. Lynch........ Second h0me......W. Taylor
"W. O'Brien; First home.. _. A. Smith
J. Crllly Outside .....M. Lyons
J. McCarthy..... Inside W. Otb*on
M. J.Tansey Captain T. MeZAOghlut
R«feree — Dr. MoNaagatoa.
San Franciico Club Loses Scheduled
Game by Default, as Several .Men
Failed to Appear.
The Olympic lacrosse team yesterday
afternoon defeated a picked team of la- .
crosse players from the San Franciscos'
and Talagoos by a score of 10 to 7.
The Olympics were to have met the.
full San Francisco aggregation, but as
several of the latter' s men did not put
in an appearance, the referee awarded
the \u25a0 match to the Olympians. Tha
match game -was then arranged and the
winged O players won out by around
good work. The teams lined up as fol
lows:
OLYMPIA JjACROSSE PLAYERS
PUT PICKED .TEAM TO ROUT
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 21. —
The first actual ceremony marking the
graduation of the class of 1905 took
place In the Memorial Church this
morning, where the seniors gathered
with their friends to listen to a bacca
laureate sermon by Rev. S. B. L. Pen
rose, president of Whitman Colle««.
Wash. Or
At 11 o'clock the gradnates entered
the church and filed slowly down tU«
long central aisle. The young woman
graduates, attired In the somber black
caps and gowns of scholars, led tha
procession, marching two abreast. They
were followed by the young men, sim
ilarly attired, and the heads of depart
ments. They were ushered to seats re
served for them.
Chaplain IX C. Gardner of Memorial
Church, who was in charge of taa ser
vices, offered prayers for th» outgoinr
students. According to an honored
custom, the first scripture lesson was
read by Dr. David Starr Jordan, presi
dent of tho university. The second les
son was given by Rev. C. E. Mllnes of
the First Methodist Church of Palo
Alto.
The baccalaureate sermon, delivered
by Rev. Penrose. was full of Inspira
tion and good thoughts for the young
men and women whom It ushered into
the busy world. It was based upon a
double text taken from the H Corin
thians and I Peter; The simplicity
which is in Christ • • • in whom
are hid all treasures of knowledge."
Upon this thought the minister de
livered a powerful sermon, closing with
a direct benediction to the graduates.
His closing words were:
Members of the graduating class, I have pre
sented for your consideration the first deep
lesson of life. Receive. Let me conclude with
the second. Give. "Freely have ya received,
freely give." Receive the beat, then give your
best. \u25a0 God forbid that you- should not receive
your best or that you should give your worst.
The world needs life and grace and power. Be
givers, and 'so saviors of the world. "The God
of all grace, who hath called us Into hla eternal
glory by Christ Jesus, after that ye have suf
fered awhile, make you perfect, Kablish.
strengthen, settle you. To, him be glory and
dominion forever and ever. Amen."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Visiting Educator Quotes the
Scriptures for the Benefit
of the Class of 1905
I3IPEESSIVE
SEEVICES
Stirring Baccalaureate Ser
mon Delivered by Wash
ington Divine at Stanford
GIVES ADVICE
TO GRADUATES
8. -D. i Warren , & Co. of Hay wards re
port the market in . better condition than
ever before, with a steadily., increasing
demand for ' all kind* Of 'property. Prices
are- advancing, and about the only trou
ble at present Is £hat the supply does not
meet the demand.'
v P. Wilbert of Haywards says that the
year so far has been tha best In the his
tory of the j town. - He reports that it is
expected that the Meek tract of 3200 acres
will soon be subdivided Into tracts of
from ten to ; twenty acres each, which
will be at once placed upon the market."
'Six-p rominent real estate dealers of
this - city ; have \u25a0 been elected delegates to
the California ; State i Realty Convention,
which will be held at Los Angeles on
May 25, . 26 : and , 27. They will leave for
the southern "city -on Wednesday, and it 1b
expected • that - a large par t y o f Oakland
people will takte advantage of the excur
sion rate that has \u25a0 been secured for the
convention. Thei delegates from; this city
are : l F. : W. \u25a0 Crandall, the Oakland man
ager of ,the ' Realty Syndicate ; George W.
Austin, Frank J.; Woodward, H. B. Bel
den," W. <E. Barnard ;and Charles H.
Taylor.-:'/.; \ \u25a0'\u25a0 .;".; • "'• ' '':"H"v;',
HATTWARDS MARKET GOOD.
Favorable reports of the condition of
the real estate market also come from
San Leandro and Hay wards. A. Whelton
of San Leandro said to-day:
"The market Is at present well sus
tained-and there is a large demand for
tracts of about five acres in size. Several
large tracts of land have recently been
opened for. settlement, and as a result
building operations . i are very . active.
Taken as a, whole, the condition of the
market is more satisfactory than It has
been for many years,' and San Leandro
should enjoy great prosperity during the
coming two years." :
cities of the State and In the East.
* INDIANAPOLIS. InC. May '21.— Moy Ke-'
Mayor of - the Indlanar>olls Chinese. • has beei
made a member : of : the Red Cross Society of
Japan. V* v " .---..- . , .r", ;~
: .-. f
Sargeant of Police . McOovern last
night arrested Leslie" Weatherspoon on
Fourth street/ near. Market, on a charge
of plcklngthe, pocket of William Coyle
and stealing $15. The money was found
in Weatherspoon's possession.
' Serajreamt Arrents Pickpocket.
SPANISH WAR VETERANS* FUNERAL.—
Alameda, i May 21.— Funeral' aervtces for the
late Ruf us -W. Weeks, son of Mr. and Mrs
George F. Weeks, and a veteran of the Span
ish-American .War. who was drowned in Butte
County three weeks ago. were held at the fam
lly residence. 1518 • Broadway, this - afternoon"
Miss ; Harriet Rix of the Home of Truth con
ducted the services. The pallbearers were
chosen from Company G, Fifth Infantry, Span
ish . War . Veterans and - the <\u25a0 KnUhts of the
Maccabees. : Interment . was .in \u0084the soldiers'
plat ' In Mountain View Cemetery.
WRANGLE ABOUT ELECTION.— AIameda
May 21.— Methods used by the candidates of
the Associated Students of tha Alameda High
School to secure election caused - a wrangle
between- the students and the faculty yester
day that may. result In the abolition of that
organization. Principal George Thompson
wanted - the - election postponed, but this the
students refused to do. and chose the following
t6 head the negotiation: President, Russell
Baker: vice president. Edmund Brush; secre
tary. Miss Ida Spence.
PRIEST'S SILVER JUBlLEE.— Alameda,
May 21. — Rev. P. A. Foley, rector of St. J&.
seph's Church, will celebrate the silver Jubilee
anniversary of his ordination to the priesthood
to-morrow. : The exercises will open with a
solemn high mass at 0 . o'clock, after which
Father Foley and the visiting clergy will be
the guesrts at a' breakfast to be given th«m by
the ladles of the parish at Notre Dam* Acad
emy. . In the evening Father Foley will be ten
dered a reception by his parishioners in La
fayette Hall.- •\u25a0" • - -
OAKLAND. May 21.— The articles of incor
poration were filed yesterday of the Hunting
ton Hospital Association, with a capital stock
of 9200,000. A hospital will be erected In thtt
city under the supervision of the foUowlns
directors: Dr,_"W. D. Huntlngton. Dr. C. H.
"Wilder, R. B. Mott, . George H. Ollmore,
F. H. Ayers, J. B. Lanktree and George C
Higglns.
OAKLAND. May 21. — The Sons and Daugh
ters of the Maritime Provinces will hold their
first anniversary entertainment on Wednesday
evening. May 24, In Maple Hall. The pro
gramme will begin at 8 o'clock and last until
half-past 9, and the address of the evening
will be delivered by - Rev. I*. X. Morrison.
After the - entertainment ~. a dance will take
place \u25a0in the upper hall. \
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
There are many forms of oppression which
must be met by the laboring man of the preo
ent day, among - them being oppression of
wealth, the oppression of color, and the op
pression of the wrong sort of labor union.
! A serious form of union oppression is the
present apprentice laws of many labor unions.
So rigid are these laws In some organizations
that if a boy wishes to learn a particular
trade he must of necessity enter either a non
union or an open shop. The evils of this sy*
tem are obvious, for It operates ajralnst the
American boy who wishes to learn a trade In
favor of the skilled mechanic of foreign birth.
' Regarding strikes and boycotts, I believe
that in the near future they will be eliminated
by the unions for their own protection. It Is
well known that but a small fraction of the
total membership of any union takes part In
the active work of the organization. In this
way action is often voted which Is not fa
vored by the majority .of the members, but
which they must support because a vote has
been taken by the union.
In many instances labor troubles are brought
on by the floating workman, who, after aiding
with his vote to cause a strike or a boycott.
Immediately departs from the scene of the
trouble, leaving the man with a family whose
home Is In the strike-ridden district to bear
the brunt of the battle with which Be Is per
haps not in sympathy. .
OAKLAND, . May 2L— Laoor conditions
of the present and future was the theme
of an. address 'given at California Hall
this evening by Rev. Charles T. Walkley,
rector of St. Paul's Episcopal Church of
this city. The lecture was given under
the auspices of the District Council of
Carpenters and was attended .by many
local union leaders. The speaker said in
part: v 1,.'-^±
The purpose of the labor union of to-day Is
a greater one than that -of mere self-preser
vation. It should aid In the education of its
individual members, to the end that they may
render the best possible service to themselves
as well as to their employers. - Labor organ
izations should encourage good work, la order
that to be known as a member of the union
is to be \u25a0 known as a skilled and competent
\u25a0workman. .
Clergyman Discusses Labor
Conditions in Address to
Oakland Carpenters. :
TALKS OF NEEDS ; :
OF WOEKINGMEN
WALNUT CREEK, May SL— CSara
Buck, the 15-year-old daughter of Her
man Buck, a painter of this town, com
mitted suicide here this morning. After
a slight quarrel with members of net
family this morning. Miss Buck, who was
of a very high-strung temperament, went
to the drug store, where she purchased
an ounce of strychnine, declaring that It
was to be used as rat poison. The drug
gist sold her the deadly powder readily,
as he. sold the family strychnine before.
At 10 o'clock Miss Buck was found lying
on the path behind the Buck residence in
convulsions and help was Immediately
summoned. Dr. x^each Instantly respond
ed and administered antidotes, but with
out avail, and the young girl died at 2
o'clock this afternoon.* . •"••"'
KILLS HERSELF
WHILE ANGRY
SAUSALITO, May 21.— 0n Monday Jus
tice of the Peace J. H. Pryor will swear
to a complaint charging flve Chinese ar
rested for using- a v^uinese shrimp net to
catch fish in San Pablo Bay, and who
are j now. out on bonds, . with perjury.
They \ were arrested last | Wednesday by
Deputy Fish Commissioner John H. Da
vis. They were brought to this town,
their bonds were fixed , and their prelim
inary examination set for last Saturday.
At the preliminary examination , the
four Chinese swore that the Chinese ar
rested: by Davis were present, but when
the name of Ung Gingg was called Dep
uty Davis discovered that another Chi
nese had been substituted, and called the
substitution to the attention of the court.
Justice Pryor issued a bench warrant for
Ung Gingg and the deputy commissioner
executed It In short order.
The Justice was about to declare the
bond of Ung Gingg forfeited when a. flaw
was discovered in the document. One
bond was executed -by the flve Chinese,
although each man was charged on a
separate complaint, and? the word "he"
was used instead of "they." The court
then ordered the men put under heavier
bonds and demanded a separate bond for
each prisoner. Ah Mock was declared
guilty of criminal contempt of court and
sent to the County Jail for punishment.
Justice Pryor said to-day that he would
make an example of the Chinese.
WORK BEGINS
ON NEW ROAD
WALNUT CREEK. May 21.— The
stockholders of the Oakland and Con
tra Costa Interurban Railroad Company
held a meeting here last night. The
most Important business transacted
was the adding to the board of direc
tors the name of James F. Leahy, man
ager of the Kreling estate and of the
Tivoll Opera-house of San Francisco.
* It was decided to call, in 15 per cent
of all , stock; subscriptions, the amount
received to be used In securing fran
chises and making- surveys on the pro
posed route between Walnut Creek and
Oakland. The directors are attempting
to obtain the so-called Frick franchise,
gran ted 'so me two. years ago./' , \u0084 •
As matters stand now there will be
no delay In putting the railroad
through and every man in the Walnut
Creek section of Contra Costa County is
behind the movement that will bring
Contra Costa County close .to the Oak
land markets.. :?;
NILE CLUB MAT REVELS.
OAKLAND, May 21.— The Nile Club
of this city will hold its May "revels"
at the clubrooms on Broadway on Sat
urday night. May 27. The feature of
the night will be an original skit by
"Dave" McLaughlln. The Inspiration
takes the form of a description of a
banquet upon the opening- of a German
restaurant, given by the proprietor to
his friends, who are mostly politicians.
The prominent members of the club
will have to take - tueir turn on. the
gridiron of fun and a pleasant and
amusing night is certain.
LOSES THREE FlNGERS.— Oakland. May
SI. — Wallls Green, a bookkeeper, residing- at
7C3 Brush street. lost three fingers of his right
hand this morning by a buzx planer. Dr. George
G. Reinle operated on Green's hand at ' the
Receiving Hospital.
\u25a0 PALO AL.TO, May 31.— A* triangular war
between two classes of the . Palo Alto
High School and Principal C. C. Hill is
creating considerable stir just' at present.
The '07 class a • few days ago displayed
Its class flag on the mast on the school
building and tne following night the *06
proceeded to. take it down. Principal Hill
then issued orders that no class flags
should be displayed. The following morn
ing the '07 boys showed their defiance by
hoisting a flag with skull and crossbones.
The '06 youths have announced that they
will remove tne emblems and '07 is pre
pared to vigorously object.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Justice^ of the Peace Will
File Complaint Charging
Celestials With Perjury
Skull and Crossbdnes Ban
ner Filing to Bree?e, When
Teacher Joins- Hostilities
FIND A FLAW IN BOND
USE vPIEATICAL EMBLEM
Case of Substitution Is Dis
covered at the Preliminary
Hearing of Four Fishermen
Palo Alto Students Hoist
Class Flags Despite the
Orders of the Principal
HIGH SCHOOL
PUPILS AT WAR
CHINESE TRY
AN OLD DODGE
'.'Deepest ' wisdom ; is found ' In' all " his
works and he has .'\u25a0 enriched more than
any one cisc our Grerman proverbial say
ings. , Men like Schiller as the re
ligious .prophets,- unifier*, of humanity,
land :. about their, ; ; banners ; gathers
brotherhood of spirltß. I He j who seeks to
be • like ' Schiller j receives : a new soul and
becomes a • higher thing." \u25a0' -
f'Schiller had worked out a deep theory
of the -drama. "One need only read; his
essay, 'The Theater as a 'Moral- Insti
tution,' to become convinced of this.". In
numerable matters ; of equal ."• Importance
could be : treated here) but time forbids.
His . ethics present the highest doctrines
regarding < human duty, freedom, • charity,
love of fellow man, unselfishness and self
sacrtflce.:. His idealization \u25a0of women
ought to make him loved by, tnem.
Only the greatest souls preserve their
peace , and become mightier in ' outward
dangers. Schiller's industry and perse
verance surpass ' our: understanding. •
"We shall now leave his personal
characteristics and consider for a mo
ment his . literary creations. The first
question which arises Is this : How did
this poet scale \ through, his own ability
from the lowliest • station in f life , to
highest : degree of perfection In. lyric art,
historic narrative, esthetic and ethical
vision? We stand before an unanswer
able .problem, the rise of talent and
genius. In Schiller's development one ob
serves • a constant growth toward perf cc*
tion. . . ' . . - :- ; ' : ..--\u25a0'
"We Americans of. German stock can hardly
be - called good Americans: unless -w«
can- also say, with Goethe, ; "He *Is ours."
None of the Anglo-Saxon fathers of our
American civilization loved' liberty . more
ardently than he; none believed \u25a0 more
passionately in the eternal rights of every
human belnp. No one. in America saw
to clearly a. hundred year* ago that political
freedom, instead of beta? the wbote of liberty,
gives only a chance to become ' free, that so
called free Institutions . become an -Idle boast.
a beautiful body possessed of the devil, unless
the individual members of the nation grow
Ete.idily in knowledge, in self-control, in prac
tical efficiency, and through energetic, co-op
erative action mold their own characters and
shape their common public .interests Jn l^ ac
cordance .with reason and Justice" to all. In
all essentials Schiller's thought is in the full
est accord with the most advanced American
patriotism of the present, day. , ; i
Her ls_ ours,' ours as Americans, without re
pard to' descent. Whatever our original home,'
Schiller Is to us not only a poet by whose gifts
to his fatherland the whole world • is --th«
richer, but also the personal embodiment or
representative of the best our higher national
life owes to Germany, : the \u25a0 Germany Instructed
by Schiller snd .his great contemporaries. The
movement of action represented by the found
ers of our republic made every citizen a ruler.'
Energetic action is our most characteristic na
tional trait 'now.- • We point with Just pride
to American men •who "do things." * But ; is'
not our characteristic danger that while we
Justly and .joyfully send one man 'to ' the
White House -because he "Aon -thlnsrs", \u25a0' we
ha.v« to send many, more to the . penitentiary
tor *Molng things''?"' • . >> . • .--.-.
How to make our sovereign - citizen - fit to
rule: how' t<j make him give his , neighbor "a
njuar* deal," as Roosevelt says, because h«
feel* bound, as Schiller gay*, by "Ms breth
ren's ri*bt, as sacred as hi»sown**j how to
replace a y'^'i^ffffl **"»*- ' *—f+ n P \u25a0 m ? rJt and*
Extracts from Schiller's poems were
read bjr Grace L. Jones and Professor
Alexis P. Lange '"of the University of
California delivered a short address in
English. ,He said: r . :^k
Seven pretty maidens then stepped
down from the stage and removed the
coverings that concealed the bust of
Bchiller, placing -wreaths and garlands
of flowers upon the marble figure. The
girls who took part In . this ceremony
were Emma Giersch, Lina Hasel
bacher, Mabel Kuss, Ida Llndemann, Jo
hanna Niehaus, .Florence Putzker. and
Elsa Schmidt. • . • ?KvW' •
PROFESSOR IjANGK SPEAKS.
' President Benjamin'lde Wheeler was
honorary president of the day and Pro
fessor Hugo X-; Schilling acting presi
dent. Hlnrich's Orchestra provided the
music. Professor G. Albrecht acted as
director. The address of -welcome was
delivered by Albert Currlin, president
of the associated German-American so
cieties of Alameda County. After selec
tions by the orchestra Professor Gayley
read his original poem, dedicated .to
Schiller. .:-V ,V-: \u25a0.-'-- '<
and addresses, were In German, except
a brief speech made by Professor Lange
and a poem in honor of Schiller, read
by Professor Gayley. During the after
noon a magnificent marble bust of
Schiller, mounted upon a pedestal of
granite, which stood in the area before
the stage, garlanded with flowers and
leaves, was unveiled with appropriate
ceremony.
\u25a0' "He preserves the; calm of hfcjisoulrahd
steadily, : without: interruption, h© creates
the | finest j dramas ' and | the most exquisite
poems during ; the '- worst ? tempests - " In
Europe. \ How lls % this * to * be ] explained^.
GREATNESS OF SOUL.
'"Asa teacher, of humanity" wa propose
to consider ; him! ; and this; is. appropriate
In this spot consecrated to ' the ;•• highest
learning In .the ' land, "• /where ,« his v. works
•have ' furnished <. for .: years rich ,-nourish
ment for the :, youth >of [, our.': State - and.
where his .name ; ought to be cherished
more- than anywhere -else in the "coun-^
try. j v What 'can ; we : learn by conscientious
application V to * the £ life" and .works ': of
Schiller? r How, can one be raised* 'up vby
making his thought . one's 'own?; Not " one
of us n could .become^ a ; Schiller, > for., we
lack his genius, sbut5 but- every," one iof us can
at "least- cherish the desire " to ;come near- :
er. to' him."' '..;;> V- ; ! »-**y\ : ' .-'•'•:','-.*'.
"This celebration is meant | for a man
whose personal life was in purest har
mony with his poetic' alma. Ha taught
what he lived and." he lived what he
taught, consequently his , writings were
free-. from the impure and questionable.
Innocence need not blush while reading
and meditating his works. It may be said
that.' secular history' never before has
witnessed a celebration so universal, a
celebration borne on by. : such peculiar
love and devotion.
"In Germany In a number.' of cities
monuments are being erected.' Living me
mortals are* planned everywhere; endow
ynents in his honor are being, established;
numerous works dealing . .with our poet
are./ published, and grand pageants and
representations have taken place. At the
sepulcher of Schiller •at Weimar -\u25a0- the
wholfe student body of Germany proposed
to pay homage to this great man. t
. "In. Switzerland . every ;child U received
on^ the 9th of- May a finely illustrated edi
tion of the play, :! William I Tell.' In Scot
land and at various"; universities In our
own country worthy jg memorials have
taken place- and v here upon the most
westerly shore' of the United States cele
brations have been held In jail the larger,
cities.' In San Francisco,; which by virtue'
,of its -prominence deserves |to j take' the
lead, a dignified, preliminary celebration
took pjace; on ;the 7th Inst-h^ front of
the Goethe-Schiller .-;\u25a0 monument ; in - the
park. AT second memorial was held^on
the 9th of May at the Alhambra Theater.
Professor . Albin Putzker delivered the
principal address of the day, >peaklng
in German, his subject being, "Schiller
as a Teacher, of/ Humanity." He said:
PROFESSOR • PVTZKER'9 ADDRESS.
with Fourth of July rocket and racket with
an enlightened patriotism of daily action; how
to substitute trained intelligence and conscience
governed character for criminal blundering and
license — this has been, is, \ and -will continue
to be our greatest national problem. It is
the problem of democracy. .Toward ito Bolutton
no other nation has had so much to contrib
ute, no other country has contributed so much
as the Germany represented by Schiller. The
American movement of action has been sup
plemented moat helpfully . "by ' the German
movement of thought. •\u25a0 \u25a0 - .
' i
PARTICIPANTS IN MEMORIAL. JEJXERCISES HELD AT THE BERKELEY AM
PHITHEATER TESTERDAY BY THE ALAMEDA COUNTY GERMAN SOCIE
TIES, AND THE BUST OF POET "WHICH WAS UNVEIIsED. '
BERKELEY, May 21.— Up the ter
raced slopes of the university campus
to the Greek Theater thousands of Ger
man-Americans, members of the Ger
man societies of Alameda "County,
•walked in a mighty throng and gath
ered to participate in the memorial
exercises for the poet Schiller.
The fact that the affair was planned
originally for May 9 and had to be
postponed two weeks because of the
u-eather, served not at all, apparently,
to detract trom the interest of the Ger
man societies in , the event. The day
was warm, the white stone seats of the
Greek Theater dazzled with the bril
liancy of the reflected sunlight and
light summer clothing: lent attractive
ness to the scene. The enthusiasm of
the thousands who sat throughout the
rendering of the long programme was
unbounded.
All of the exercises. Including songs
Scholarly Speakers
Tell of Works
of Schiller.
Holcomb, Breed & Bancroft have opened
a large tract in East Oakland known as
the Wakefleld tract,- and on Saturday,
May 27, the lots in the tract will be sold
at auction. This newly opened property
is located within ten minutes 1 walk of
the .Twenty- third avenue Southern Pa
cific depot, being bounded by Twenty
first and Twenty-third avenues and Eaßt
Twenty-fourth and East Twenty-seventh
streets. The street work on all the
streets has been completed and cement
sidewalks have been laid throughout the
tract. / .
Taylor Brothers & Co. have closed sev
eral important sales during the last
week, and the members of the firm ex
press the highest Satisfaction with the
present condition of the market. This
firm is handling some choice property in
the Piedmont district. \u25a0•:"\u25a0••*--•
John Auseon, who is located at Twen
ty-third avenue, said to-day.
yt "Business has been exceedingly good
during the last week. I have just closed
several fair sales, and property generally
in this vicinity is bringing : fair prices.
\u25a0Our renting department has been unusu
ally busy of late, and, as a rule, the de
;mand for air kinds of houses for rent
has been greater than the supply. The
general outlook is at present more than
usually good." \u0084,
J. E. Edmester, also of Twenty-third
avenue, said: •
"There is a steady demand for houses
for rent, and very few are to be had at
present. The prices of property of all
kinds are steadily advancing, and I have
lately closed some very fair sales. At
the present time building operations are
very brisk, and I consider the general
outlook better than ever before."
• Albert S. . Day has just received a con
tract for the sale of a splendidly located
business property in the heart of the
city. He reports a steady demand for
residence property, many of the inquiries
coming from newcomers to the city, who
wish to build homes of their own.
810 SALES EXPECTED.
Walter E. Logan said to-day that the
outlook for large sales during the'com
ing summer is better than it has ever
been since he has been in business in this
city - *\u25a0 ' - \u25a0 .... -
The Merrltt-Walcott Company reports
a steady demand for all kinds of resi
dence property in every part of the city.
During the last week this company has
closed a number of fairly large sales.
Kreiss & HorswlU report a large num
ber of inquiries for.' medium priced resi
dence property, many of which come
from people at present residing in other
OAKLAND, May 21.— As was predicted
by the local real estate dealers, at the
opening of the present year, the spring
and early summer sales of residence
property in Oakland and'its suburbs have
so far greatly exceeded those 4>f the same
months in any previous year in the his
tory of the city. Mary of the recent
sales of residence property have been
made to newcomers. In a number of in
stances where, the property purchased
has been unimproved contracts have been
let for the erection of handsome resi
dences.
Alameda real estate men generally ex
press the opinion that the end of the
present year will witness a total of busi
ness greater than any ever before known
In Oakland and the surrounding towns.
William J. Laymance of the Laymance
Real Estate Company said:
"I feel no hesitation in saying that any
person who uses otdinary discretion in
the purchase of real estate in Oakland,
or for that matter anywhere in Alameda
County, will not only be insured against
loss or depreciation in value! but will be
reasonably sure of being able in the near
future .to dispose of the property at a
handsome profit. From, my experience in
the last two years I am satisfied/that
the value of Alameda County real estate
will advance much more rapidly than -it
has up to the present time." . -.
Williams & Parsons report a large
number of good sales in the last two
weeks, with prospects of a splendid rec
ord for the coming summer.
LARGE TRACT IS OPENED.
Members of Oakland Associa
tion to Attend State Con
vention at Los Angeles
BROKERS TO GO SOUTH
Many Transfers of Residence
Property Are Reported by
: Alameda County Dealers
REALTY FINDS
READY MARKET
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
TH E SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY,, M;AY 22, 1905.
EXERCISES A 7 AMPHITHEA TER INEER'KELET
THOUSANDS PAY RESPECT TO THE MEMORY
OF GERMANY'S IMMORTAL POET.
4
Gtirrent.
The power that gives yoti
life and motion is the nerve
force, or nerve fluid, located in
the nerve cells of the brain,
and sent out through the.
nerves to the various organs.
If you. are tired, nervous,
.irritable, cannot sleep; have
headache, feel stuffy, dull and
melancholy, or have neuralgia,
"rheumatism, backache, peri-
odical pains, indigestion, dys-
pepsia, stomach trouble, or the
kidneys and liver are inactive,
your life-current is weak.
Power-producing fuel is need-
ed ; something to increase nerve
energy — strengthen the nerves.
Dr. Miles' Restorative Ner-
vine is the fuel, you need. It
feeds the nerves, produces nerve
force, and restores vitality.
_"Wheh I befan taking: Dr. Miles'
Restorative Nervine and Anti-Pain.
Pills I was confined to my bed. I
had severe nervous spells, the result
of two years illness with malaria. I
srradnally grew so weak that I wa»
unable to sit up. The spells would
commence - with cold chills, and I
would become weak and almost help-
less. My circulation was poor. I
had. doctored \u25a0 right along; but grew
weaker and weaker. The Nervine
ssemed to- strengthen me right away
.and my circulation was better. I have
taken in/ all seven bottles of the
Nervine, and I om entirely well."
ROSAE. WEAVER. Stuarts. la.
Dr. Miles' Nervine Is sold by your
druggist, who v»lll guarantee that the
first bottle wilt benefit. If It falls, he
'will. refund your money..
\u25a0 • Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
Little Detectives " Eyes of Argus*"
; Ithas been said that "a Want /Advertisement has a thousand eyes. 1 ' *
Sherlock Holmes had but two, although they f were^ uncommonly good
ones.'- /\u25a0"\u25a0/-.* '\u25a0 ': .-•\u25a0\u25a0-.'•\u25a0 : V- .A" l ' . \u25a0\u0084-.\u25a0:\u25a0/\u25a0--
. , However, .Holtneo' could. not .havefoiind for "you, over night, the one
,man in the city . who ; most -wanted ' to buy - your .house,: or . your " store; or
your hor'se^or your.: yacht, or; your; library,- or your; securities,'- or ybur.au-
! tomobile, or, your old desk.Vor yourlpiano; " or the' one man in sthe5 the city^ who
jwould : De the best partner, for you, or the best clerk, or coachman, or handy:
b man ; ; or the one woman ; in .the city |who .would-be the most valuable sten-
i ographer.: f ori you/ or: cook, " or i housekeeper. :•';\u25a0!;. -i- ;j; j •.;";
|f^ But the thousand-eyed' little\W^nti Advertisements finds these people for
you— and finds'? them* qaickly^ presenting [no bill! for- "extras" or "disburse-
mehtjs," as] Sherlock Holmes would* have* been; apt to doJV
WtenYou Want Anything Is H Notßetterto Sctitho^
* Eyes Looking for It Than Only Two? '
DR. PIERCETS REMEDIES.
The Sons «f th« Cradle. <.
* "\l^\ Bye, bye! Hope rise* high :
-^59»« There's a sweet little cr»-
\L4?rvsJt "1° hung up in the sky;
K?ALj5Hk^ A dear little life th»t to
r-ffi gp o ~.-~ oominr to bless;
}T f' ;Two son chubby hands
-> i- \u25a0— V" j that will pat and caress;
\^jr tif ydA pure little soul winj-
K^^Sf' A darling to care for, t>
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:• \u25a0''.*-.-" V, x baby to love.
One of the
agencies Jyt "^\
motherhood nTr^t^f\fvtJlf
from excessive Sr-7 1 jCgJVJjt I i
ft\ffering Is the Ja 'fe i»*/ \u25a0* i?^3&? *
Prescription " \4 jJffli* I **?^^ Vrr
devised by Dr. "JfFj v
B. V. Pierce, ma v*3*^^w'
chief consult- Mm A"l3lL^rffn
ing physician BM \ h^W^
of ib« lnvalids' £i'isi \k^\\ IF
Hotel and / fiftsJ WslL&~i :
Snrgicil Insti-S h |J gisnF-^U' •
tute, of Buf- >LJr^^ "-^1 - 7- ~ '.
This wonderful " Prescription " imbues
the entire nervous Eystem with natural,
healthy vitality; gives elastic vigor to
the dcilcate organism specially concerned
In motherhood, and makes the coining
of baby entirely free from danger and
almost free from pain. \u25a0
"I wish to »t&te that I have osed Doctor
Pieroe's Farorlte Prescription with very-good
weclte." writes Mrt. Katie M. Annk. of Hud-
pa. Hew Hampshire. "Had beep in poor
Bfeuta for over four rears and had been
twice in the hospital. My husband brought
•one ofjour ' Farorlte Prescription.' and It
«** carried me easily thronrb ray last- two
eo&Saexaetita. We ere now blessed with two
heal'Lhy children, and I ara sure your medi-
cine ha« done me more good than au the.
other treatment I hare erer receired."
§BAO HEADACHES ecn-
erslly arise trom bad stom-
achs. Foul breath, bitter
taste, coated tongue, sour
cmctattops or belching of
ffas; are *"T"r rW> *T symptoms
though not all present in
r erery case. To cure, take
eaell doees. only one or two
. each day. of old Dr. Pierce"*
.7H. \u0084 -Pleasant Pellets, the OrtgU
o*l Little liver PiUs. first pat en by him over
O years aca - One or two a lajatire. three-orStructure Will Be Erected by Stock:
Company and Sold to Guardsmen
. on Easy Terms.
VACAVILLE MILITIAMEN*
. . TO HAVE » A. NEW ARMORY
GIL.ROT, I May 21. —An • unknown
tramp, about 60 years old, fell from the
brakebeam of. 'a westbound * freight
train . in [ the yards of the Gliroy depot
at an early hour this morning and was
run over and killed. A companion rid
ing with him reported the matter and
the, body was found : in ; the yard' limits.
The man was stealing a ride.
A*ed Tramp Meets Death While
S t enllnc a { Ride on West- 1
bound Freight.
FALLS FROM \u25a0 BRAKEBEAM
.>: AND IS KILLED Br TRACT
*.\u25a0 WTLKESBAKRE. ** PaJ, May ; 21.— One
of the most disastrous fires that has oc
curred in this city ' In ' years started
early to-day and ' not until . afternoon
were | the . firemen able \u25a0 to ' control the
flames. ; The loss entailed will reach
$300,000. _;./,.
. -The fire originated in the millinery
department of the Isaac Long dry. goods
house in the Welles building, on the
west side of the j public square, one jof
the handsomest and costliest structures
in Wllkesbarre. TV'hen first discovered
the flames were promptly controlled by
the firemen, but a second fire broke out
in the -basement of. the 'building an
hour after, the first one had been sub
dued. ,
Estimated . That the - Loaa Will . Reneh
am Hi eh as : Three : Hnmdred
Thousand Dollar.. .
FIRE RAGES X EARLY ALL
DAY LOXG IX WILKESBAJIRE
20 numbers from 11062 to 11072 lnelnstre,
being 10 ' numbers on each side of > the ' first
capital of . $1200— $2.00.
20 numbers from 196 to 216 Inclusive, being
10 numbers on each side of tha second capital
of $300— ?1.60. -
20 numbers, from. 1440 to 1460 Inclusive, be
ing. 10 numbers on each side of the third capi
tal of $150— #1.00.-
' \u25a0-.>, THRMTNA-a. - :: t '..
120 nombers ending with 62. \u25a0 bedny th# last
two figures of the capital of $1200 — $1.00. -
120 numbers ending. with. 06, b*lng the, last
two figures of the capital of $300— 51.00. "
APPROXIMATIONS.
\u25a0. No. :\u25a0' v. Prem. I No. - '-" ' Prem. ' No. . PrenC
50-.:. 2.5'J 4H00. .. 7.60 8196.-.. -2.50
2O6."Y. 300.00 4716... \u25a0: 5. Ou M12..V. 2.50
-210....: 2.50 4767... 2.5O tS09:... 2.5O
218. ..^-- : 2.50;4823:.. 2.50 8532..;. 2.5U
i 637...; 2.50J5117.V. "2.50 St5O2.... 5.00
i 759... .\u25a0 2.50513S... 75.Cn) S6I0.... 2.50
633;... 25.00:5140.'.. ..2.50 8724.... 5.00
»43.\.V 2.50;52<9.-.. 2.50 8731.... -SlSO
1030.::. 2.50'526»i.'.. '2.50 8742.':.. 7.50
10S3;... 2.50 5S21.. . . 2.50 S912 2.50
1184.... 7.50 1 ; 53S6... . 2.5C 9089 2.50
1277.'.:: '2.50J54K)... 2.50 9153 .2.60
,1302.-... ,7.505531... 5.00 S3C4.... 2J5O
1430.... 2.50;5608... 2.50 9320 5.0l>
1450... 150.00,57(52... 2.50 9306.... 2.50
14«».... 2.505SS0... 2.50 9566.... 2.5O
1556...: • 2.50 9*S6.;.." 2.50
1665. ... 2.505992. .. 2.50 964S 2.50
1826...; 25.00*6025... 2.50 ©702.... 2.50
1851:.-... ;2.50'6450... - 2.50 9S89.... 2.50
1828...;,- 7.50:6454... 2.50 9911 2.50
2038. ...75. 00*6465. ;. 2.5010209.... 2.50
2O86. ... 2.50 6755... 2.50110448. ... 7.50
2091.... 2.60-6778... ft.O0]l(H81 2.50
2103.... 2.50R875... 7.5OUMS8.. .. \u25a0" 2.50
2318.... 2.50 6978... 2.B0il06S3 HJdO
2415.... 6.006925... 7.5O,1O7«>. ... 2.50
2429..... 2.50i6976... i 7.50,10782. ... 5.00
2442.... 2.50 R982:.. 2.50il0T93:... .--2.SO
2548... 7.60 7095..: 2.50 11062. 12OO.v()
2745..;. 2.50 7248..: . 2.5011109.... 2.JW
2S7».'... .2.60 7296... 2.50;illl9 2.50
3085 2.50 7497... 2.6011185...: 6.00
3448.. v. . T.B07590... 2.50!ll214. . .. . 8.00
SSM.... 2.50 7796... " 2.60ill«23.... "2.60
(249.... 5.00S079... 7.50'll77a... . 2.50
MAY 2O. V lOO5.
THE Origin al Weekiv N iaci d nal CbV
- A recent .traveler to -Tahiti remarks: ;\u25a0 For ]a'
', tired-out I business ! man/f a t nervously: exhausted
individual,^ this i is"! the ; Ideal ocean passage,^ ~pos—
sesslng/advantiges s which' probably are ' not •to
i be ; found * in -, any ' other > parts of - the ' world. 'A ;
distinct . change 1 from , the coast i climate : of , Ca li- "
; fornla ito J the | balmy « breexes ! of p the . Southern
ocean i brings to ; the i voyager, a | feeling of rest-
I fulness I and 7 peace iwhieh ; is" unattainable . else
where. ;\u25a0 S." S. Marlpoea sails May 28. j Reduced
rate-- forithls voyage. -, $125. c Send for \u25a0 circular,
653 "Market- street. ;^ ; '.'--;-i-:. :--\u25a0:: .\u25a0; : \u25a0\u25a0--'.•,
;. BUENOS , ATRES, May j 21.— During! a
demonstration\6f^workmen here ! to-day
Socialists ?and> the -police Jcame? in I con
flict : and l during the encbunterjtwoj per
sons' were killed and forty wounded.
SOCIALISTS AND; POLICE ; : ' :^{':->A
IN FATAL EXCOUNTEB
Msn, Moon and Tide.
United States Cotst and Geodetic Survey —
Time and liefgtt cf High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Publiih«d by official authority of the
Suixxintenfierit.
NOT£ — Tee high «n<J !ow waters occur at
the city front 'ilirsi'nj-strett wharf) about 25
icinoies later than at Fort Point: the height
cf tide is the earre at both places.
SUNDAY. MAY 22.
Sun rises 4:M a. ra.
Sun «e~s - 7:18 p. m.
Moon rises — ................. ....10:51 p. m.
O \Tiznr] tTlmv] JTimel iTiael
» ; _J Ft. j { Ft. 1 i Ft. J j Ft.
9jH W| lL Wt JH W| JL W) -
""* ! 1:«T| 5*J 6:C;;— 0.5! 3:21! i-S: S:li! sTT
"3 1 2:00 B.i'i 8:55!— 0.2i <;25| 4.0J »:2* 3.2
rt ! 3:«'l «-S; : »:**j "-SJ 5:lS] 4.9:10:12 A 2
25 ! 4:**! 4.4j:«^9 \u25a0' O.t{ C:'"?! 5.0i11:57J 2.0
2S •' i:23( AAiilliZZi l.U> ii:?M 3.1|. ...:•;..
' JL W iH Wj iL.WJ |H W| '\u25a0'-
£S j l:50i ;.O: 7:4^j -TO; I:ie; 1.61 S:10j 5.3
XOTX— In * the abox-* exposition of the tide*
the early morsisg tides are given in the left:
band column and the successive tiles of the j
nita, hence , May , IS; \u25a0' echr Ariel, from ' Grays
Harbor; Btmr Bee. from Portland.
Sailed May 21 — Stmr Bonlta, for San Fran
cisco; etmr Francis H Lergett. for San Fran
cisco. r - : \u25a0 ' '\u25a0""/ - ---•'. :\u25a0\u25a0•- \u25a0' \u25a0;-\ ' :.: ;"' . \u25a0 •\u25a0 :
ASTORlA— Arrived May 21— Etmr Asuncion,
hence May 18; stmr PA KJlburn. hence May
18 via Eureka -and Coos Bay.
Sailed May 21— Stmr Roanoke. for San
Francisco, eto. ' : «
- Sailed May 21— Schr A. F. Coatea for-, San
P«Sro. \u25a0 ..\u25a0...'-\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0-- •\u25a0\u25a0--_-\u0084,,. .. .*. t ,
POKT HARFORD—SaIIed May 21, 9 a m—
Stmr Santa. Cruz, for San Francisco. \u25a0- '\u25a0-:
EUREKA— Arrived. May 21— Schr E^a. Trcm
San Pedro: stmr. Corona, her.c* May 20.
ISLAND PORT. ;. .
HOKOLULU— Arrived < May 21 — G>r bark
Marco Polo, from Bremen. , \u25a0..-\u25a0•\u25a0:
HONOLULU— Arrived May ; 21— U 8 stmr
Warren. ' hence May - 13 for Manila; bktn . Irm
gard, hence May : 10. .! -
. : ;-- OCEAN STEAMERS:
* HALIFAX. c N. S.— Arrived May 21— €tinr
Siberian, from Glasgow and Liverpool, via St.'
Johns" N.F.; for Philadelphia. : •\u25a0.-\u25a0\u25a0•.
NEW TORK— Arrived- May- 21— Stmr ~ La
Bretagr.e, : from ' Havre: , stmr \u25a0 Numidian.* from
Glasgow; stmr Giula, from ' Trieste. Naples and
Palermo.- '* U!!S^Kif''lf9M9£W»(&|KnMqsi9gHßiaßj
:--- LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 21— Stmr Bo vie.
from New York; stmr Umbria, from New York
via i Queenstown; • Etmr Victorian. , from , Mon
treal,-via-Movllle. "..\u25a0-.. --\u0084.. •-- -.;-•.. .
- HAMBURG— Arrived May 21 — Stmr Saxon ia
from San ' Francisco, : ; via . Valparaiso, Punta
'Arenas • and Teneriffe. —. \u25a0\u25a0•» " : '. . .
» PALERMO— SaiIed 'J May ; 21— Stmr Cretlc,^
from Genoa; for New York, via Naples. •
\u25a0 QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed May 21. 1 :10 a m—
Stmr Campania, from Liverpool." for New York *
v DOVER— Sailed \u25a0. May >.; 21, : 2:10 p m— SMnr
Penrsylvanla, , f rcrn ; Hamburg - for New . York.'
via. Boulcme. ; -' .--' .'•\u25a0- --: - \u25a0 •\u0084.•.,
The Union Oil Company-ft steamer Argyll ar
riveii j-*sterrtay. 10 days* aad 39 hours from
HrnoluJu. She comes in bLll&et.
The Ocearfc SteainFhip Cbmpaay's steamer
Alanieda is sch*da2ed to arrive from Honolulu
to-morrow.
Tfce revenue cutter Manning. Captain Fengar,
ras been ordered to Eering Sea.
T2j« revcr.ue cutter Ruch. Captain Tattle,
row en the imnd, ha? been ordered south, and
\u25a0vr'Al co to Bora<> station on the California coast.
The little fte-am schooner Hanalel is being
repaired. rer.craJly overhauled and painted up.
at Oakland. She ie owned Ja the telaadc.
C. M. Green has been ordered to the. revenue
cutter Perrj- as chief engineer. He has until
recently l^en actir.g as assistant to Chief Ea
ein«er Jcbn W. Collins.
Tfce Paciflc Mall Steamship Company's
tte&zr.CT MriFolia. from Ilor.k or.g via Toko
haa-ia tad Hoaolala. is expected to arrive in
«hoat r.oon to-morrow.
Waterfront
; .VIENNA, : May* 21.— Vienna was in
open-air fete* to-day, for. the purpose of
raising funds \ for poor and 'f sick' chil
dren. The ; park-like ; Ring straeseV for
more than i a \ mile was lined on both
sides .withlgayly.r decorated .booths,
where pretty women sold , : all ; manner
of things. . r.Vast crowds .; attended r and
the. financial results were -most satis
factory. '\"\ " -.: ' " v : .. ' '\u25a0'.• '-. \u25a0*\u25a0." ; -i ;
; \u25a0 V .-\u25a0\u25a0.. .. '- \u25a0 : \u25a0 '
RUSSIAN ; PRESS DISPLEASED .; "'
AT THESaCTIOX. OF MEYER
Sarcastic Comment. Made on His Send
ing Hl* Embassy Dispatches to .
. . , Berlin for Transmission. ' ,
\u25a0''\u25a0\u25a0 SIC, PETERSBURG. 'May ; 22—-Embas
sador ! Meyer's • institution .' of a special
messengrer; service - to ; {carry ,\u25a0 embassy
dispatches ;to?; to? Berlin^' evokes! sarcastic
comment ; f rom 'i the ; press ;of ; St.'- Peters
burg. TheNovosti : : says; the , nev' Em
bassador:evidently^puts*slight faith Un
the : Government's ! postal' service.'..
Raise Funds for Poor ' and
Sick Children. .\^'.y./ : :.
Pretty Women la Charge ' of Booths to
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company's
steamer City of Para will call for Ancon via
«cu:t«m ports on Thursday at 12 nooa. She
-wT.I go ca the drydeck at Hesters Point to
day.
City of Para to Sail Thursday.
GREAT CHARITY FETE HELD
OS STREETS OF VIENNA
BOSTON,. May 21." — The ftimnal convention
of the Independent Order B'nai - B'rith. Abra
ham began a four daya' session here. The 000
delegates present represented a membership \u25a0In
the order of nearly 80,000. • .
Gl^Rtrcrs. 209 days frcia. San Fraadsco to
Liverpool. 90 per cent; Alcmons. 157 days from
Peru to Ar twerp, 30 per cent: Agnes, 193 days
from Ehields to Valparaiso. »0 per cent; Kin
rcss-eb!re. SO days from Newcastle* Australia,
to Valparaiso, 15 per cent.
\u25a0 Overdoes.
VALLEJO,* Hay . 21.— 1n the . hall •of
St. Paul's Episcopal Church, in Benlcia,
to-morrow night Rev. ; Bishop Moreland
of, the.dioceso of ; Sacramento will un
veil a portrait of Rev. James Cameron,
one of the- first "\u25a0 rectors of the old
Benlcia church. Admiral McCalla and
Mrs. McCalla, the Bishop and a num^
ber of Vallejo people will go over from
this city in one of the navy: yard tugs
to take part In the 'ceremony. Admiral
McCalla will deliver _;a short address
and Mrs. McCalla will exhibit a number
of stereopticon views. "\u25a0 %\
The ercifer Boston Is acheduled to sail north
to Portland on June 5. to take part In the
festivities cf the Lewis ana Clark Exposition.
6be will probably be la tse Willamette River
for about a raonth.
Boston to Go to Portland.
Memoranda.
SEATTLE. May. 21.— U S stmr C. P. Patt-r
scn returned to Port Towneend to land scalded
sailor and 'proceeded \u25a0 north. 1 :- . — -.\u25a0;\u25a0
Per stmr , Nevadan.'; from • Kahului May 21—
Had * fresh "to f ; moderate .- winds ,to '\u25a0 lat »\u25a0\u25a0 30 \u25a0 N "
thence to port ' light northerly : to strong north
west ? winds, increasing -.r Saturday f night 'and
Eunday,to fresh gale, with i veryhlgh ! ae«.'*^----
COOS BAT— Arrived May 20-^Schr Jessie
Miacr. from Eureka. May 21— Stmr Alliance,
from Ast'-ria for Eureka - .•, - -
t PORT TO"«*>.-SBND— Arrived May 21— Schr
Willie R. 'Hume. - from Arica .
Mav'-Ul— Br'bxrk Forfarshire' frwa
Saiina Croz: scbr.Willk> R. Hume, from Ari«.
SEATTLI5— Arrival May . 21— Stmr Cottage
Citj'. from . Skagway.
\u25a0j Sailed Msy 20— Stmr Dolphin, for" Skagway. >
Arrived May 21— Stinr Humboldt. from Skig
way. -. \u25a0 \u25a0 " \u25a0 _--.-.: . -- . \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 ~7.v
SAN PEDROr-Arrlved May -21— SUnr Bo-
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS. May 21, 10 p.' m.— Weather
hazy; wind NW; \elocity. 18 miles per tour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Per flmr Argyll, from Honolulu— May 18, lat
30 50 N. long 138 II W, bark Reaper, from
Port BUkeley for Kobe. ' '
SPOKEN.
ARRIVED.
. Sunday, May 2L
Stxar Breakwater. Johnson, 32 hours from
Coos Bay.
Eusr- Helen P. -. Drew, • Gundereon, 63 ' hours
from San Pedro, i -
Stmr Prentlcs. Ahlstrom. S3 hours from Re
doado.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nlcolson, 72 hours Jrom Sao
Pedro.
Stmr City of Poebla, Jepsoo 65 hoars from'
Victoria, etc - -
Stmr Pomona, Swanacn. 17 hours from
Eureka- -
Stmr Argyll, ilonroe, 10 days aad 19 boars
from Honolulu.
Stmr Chas : Kelaoa. Christensea. 87 hours
from Tacoma! via Seattle 73% hours; bound
south"; put In to land passengers.
Stmr. Northland, Jamleson, Xil hours from
Astoria; bound south; put In to land pas
eengers.
Stxsr Arctic N>lson. 22 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Brunswick. EUlefsen. 13 hours from
Port Bragrr.'
Stmr Redondo. Ahlln. 61 hoore from Port
land, via Astoria 53 hours.
Stmr Nevadan, , Greene, 7 daya and 20 hours
from Kahului.
Stmr Eureka, Jesisen, 25 hours from. Eureka.
Etmr South Bay, Andreaen. 72 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 60 hours, bound for San
Pedro, out in for. fuel.
Etmr Sea Foam. Miller, 14 hours from Men
doclno, via Point Arena 8 hours.
Stmr Maggie, Whitney, 4 hours from H«lf
siooa Bay. • . •/
Bktn Jans Johnson, Ipsen, 14 days - from
San Pedro. - • -
Schr John A. .Olsen. 36 boars from Eureka.
np river direct.,
SAILED.
Suiday. May 21.
Br stzor Dakotah, Ross, Hankow, via
Shanghai. '\u25a0--:'\u25a0.
Stmr Cestralla, Ericcsos, Grays Harbor.
Stmr CChars r Neteon. Christpnsen. • San Pedro.
Stmr Brooklyn; Carlson.' Mendodno. " ;
Ptmr Santa Rosa, Alexander,' San Dlego.etc.
Stmr Rival.. Buckard. Ventura.
Sunr Northland. Jaciieson. San Pedro.
Ft ship Berengcre, ' Beaudonard. Tehlo, New
i Caledonia. .' • , - - .
Ship Marion Chllcolt. Williams. Monterey
1 and Ucnotclu. in tow of tug Defiance. .
Bark Mohican. Kelly. Honolulu.
Schr Berwick. Jaccbscn. : Rcgue River.
Schr Falcon. Dart. codSshing. • ; ,
Tat; IVfianc*. . Jamrs. Monterey, . with : ship
i Marion Chilcolt in tow.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SHIPPING IXTELIiIGEXCE.
Bishop 3loreland to Officiate
at Interesting Ceremony
in Benicla Church.
Tfce reresce cstter McCalloch, which Is now
cb the w^.j-8 at Boole's yard, will finished her
repairs In a \u25a0 few days. Captain Caaiwell ex
pects to rtart north with, her about May 25.
aES ca the way will ran tip to Portland for
a chert ttay at the Lewis and Clark Exposi
tion.
McCnlloch to Go North.
.General Gomel has telegraphed to the
Eastern delegates to support !: Jose
Gomez. The "only Mother candidate now
being - considered ?is v Governor ', Nunez.
Jose Gomez's nomination appears to be
certain, ; with Nunez or Senator Seayas
as Vlce'President.' : :
HAVANA; : May V' 2 1. — The • national
convention of the Liberal party adopted
to-day a" few, additions to the platform,
including I propositions | for, establishing
a national militia and changing the pro
visions , covering the .functions of Cabi
net- officers. ; ; At a secret session ;tof
morrow ;; campaign 2 plans .will *. be con
sidered and it : is expected that a PresU
dentlai' candidate will'*be nominated to
morrow. ;*i.ji.&~:: ':• \u25a0 V ...-:\u25a0'\u25a0 ' "' . '
Will Nominate Him as' Their Candidate
' - A gal n st : '. Palms, tke r Present
. \u0084'. Head of the Bepublle.
WILL- UNVEIL PICTURE
OF PIONEER MINISTER
CUBAN" LIBERALS TO If AMB hi< : B
JOSE GOMEZ FOB PRESIDENT
OcrrCi west cct to visit the warships Chi
cago. L'=bria. and Boston all yesterday after
noon. There were plenty of launches from
Crowley's McNeil's, Johnson's and Peterson's
boathcuses to accommodate tfc» crowds that
went cut.
Crowds VUlt Warships.
Tamalpais at Boole*.
Ti» ferrk"-boet Tam&lp&is. whicli ran Into
her cock at Sausalito on Wednesday aad
caused great consternation to her party cf
picnicker* on board, is now being repaired at
Bocle's Etipyirds In Oakland. The deck.
where ehe struci the wharf with such terrific
force, v tail? best &ad knocked out of Ehape.
Her repairs will probably be completed by
Thursday. U.V;.. -*\u25a0\u25a0 .-•'iX~^.,
VALLEJO, - May ; 21.— District Attor
ney T. T. Gregory *of 'Solano , County
and several Sans Francisco lawyers and
veterinary, surgeons', visited - a .number
of ranches , between"? Yallejo and \ Benicla
yesterday ' and examined \u25a0• a " number lof
horses -and cattle 'that are suffering
from what. Is believed ; to -be ' the " effects
of poisonous . fumes from' the Selby
Smelting ' "Works • at ', Vallejo fi Junc
tion.' - A number iof animals were
examined "and"- the.' respiratory • or
gans of 'five horses that f'had died
within the last few days from a disease
that baffled I the veterinary , surgeons
were taken 'to San Francisco \u25a0 for
analysis.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The N-evadtn brines 56.090 boes of sugar.
eur£-r trsn. h:det. An root and «lx tea» of
The American-Hawaiian SteamrMp Com
pany*« steamer Nevaian arrived yesterday.
eeven <iavs and twenty hours from Kahului.
Carton Greene report* that they had fresh to
ccsiersK- trades to GO ncrth. Froni tbat potat
Up to Saturiay they ran Into light northerly
to strong r.orxhwtst winds. On Saturday they
experienced iresh gtles. and frora ttat time
until they reached port they had strong gales
srd hea-vy seas
Nevadan Arrive*.
\u25a0WILLOWS. May 21.— At the prelimi
nary examination olJohn Killings
worth, charged with assault to commit
murder. ' the /complaining witness." M.
Graham, failed to put in an appearance
and upon investigation -it- was ,found
that he has been absent from the ranch
where he had been \u25a0 at work for ten
daye.
Last month. Graham and Killings
worth Quarreled in a saloon at Ger
mantown and in the " fight which fol
lowed Killingsworth cut Graham ; with
a dagger and Graham's life was for
some time despaired \u25a0 of. He recovered,
however, and -the District Attorney was
counting upon him as the mainstay. of
the, prosecution/ . .
Justice of the; Peace Harder, held the
defendant over to the Superior Court,
with bonds . fixed at , $4000.
Special Dispatch to Tfce Call.
Believe Smelter Fumes Are
Killing Cattle in Solaho
Fails to Appear at tHe Pre
liminary Hearing of His
Assailant.
TOTEEINARIANS LOOK
FOE CAUSE OF DEATH
John T. Shea. s. vagrant aad hanger-oa
about lt« water front, fell into the bay yes
terday and -was drowned. He was asleep on
a sirvzszr at the end of Mission-street wharf,
and roiled over into the bay. A strong cur
rent na* running at the time, and his body
•res tzozi lost to view. Kis focr companions.
Jc!;r. Wfcit*. Joe Hannigan. W. Duvine and
James \\'ssd..vha were with him at the time,
were trrtstcd and landed up at the Harbor
police ttatioa. They could throw no light en
Th* EUtject. They said all they knew about
h:m tv that fee came from one or the old
ismil'es ia Baltimore. ;-- \u25a0".'
Vagrant Drowned.
PROSECUTION LOSES
ITS MAIN WITNESS
TO SAIL.
Steamer. - Destinations. I Sails.) Pier.'
May 22.
Samoa I/cs Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
South Bay... Los Angeles Ports. 10 axnlPler 27
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 ami Pier 24
Argo Eel River Ports. . . 2 pmjPler 2
Coos Bay... J Newport & Way.. 9 am; Pier 11
Csartna Coos Bay 5 pm|Pler 8
Rainier Seattle & Bel'gham 12 miPler 10
M«y 23.
N Fcrk..... Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Eureka Humboldt 8 amiPler S
Breakirater. Coos Bay direct — S pmiPier 8
Pomona Humboldt l:3op:Pler 9
May 24. j
laqua Seattle & Hadlock. 4 pm Pier 2
Aorelia Astoria & Portland 2 pm Pier 27
Roanoke Los Angeles Ports. 6 pmjPier . 5
Arctic. .Hnmboldt \u25a0.\u25a0.....'... 8 amjPier 2
SeaFoaxn... Point Arena 4 pmfPler 2
May 25.
Norwood — . Lcs Angeles Ports. 12 miPler 20
City Para. . . N. T. via. Ancon. . 12 m Pier 40
Chehalis Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 'Z
State of Cal. San Diego &. Way. 0 amtPler 11
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial..! Seattle &Taconia.. 5 pmlPler 20
Refiondo .Astoria & Portland S pmjPier 2
S. Monica.. (Grays Harbor .... 4 pmiPier 2
May 26. 1
Corona .Humboldt l:3op!Pier »
Mariposa 'Tahiti direct. 11 amJPler 7
Boclta Ean Pedro & Way. 9 amlPier 11
May 2T.
M. F. Plant. Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 27
Pt. Arena... Point Arena ...... 4 pmjPier 2
Porno. .. Pt- Arena & Albion 6pm Pier 2
Siberia...... China & Japan 1 pm'Pler 40 .
Coeta Rica.. Astoria & PorUasdjll am Pier 24
Alameda Honolulu ..|llamPier 7
City Panama N. T. via Ancon... J l2 m Pier 40
I May 2S.
F. KUbsrn.. Portland & Way.. 2 pis Pier 27
May 30.
tfcoatilla.... Puget Sonnd Ports 11 am Pier 9
June 1. ' '
G. linflauer Grays Harbor j 2 pm Pier 2
Nevadan.. .. Hcso. -& Kahului' 3pm Pier 23
- FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.
Cottage City. . Ekagway & Way Ports. May 22
Santa Clara. . . Valdez & Seward. May 24
Humbciat Skagway & Way Ports. May 24
Bertha Cooks *nlet & Way Pts. May 25
Jefferson Skagway & Way Pens. May 26
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. {May SO
The Chinese crew cf the Siberia got :nto a
lively serimni&Ee in their quarters yesterday
moniiEg. They had been playing cards and
* distwte ensued. Those interested in the
gzsse and thes* looking en took part In the
proc*ed:r.£E. They shouted in Chinese and
ewore in UrmUtt. £=d raised such a racket
that it t-rought several of the ship's officers
to tbt sxat. For a. moment pandemonium
scigt«J FCj>reme. The people on the dock
thought the seat of tfce Japanese-Russian war
had beer, transferred to the Siberia's 'tween
decks. The otfic-rs jumped right into the
nMH* of ti»r fray and scattered cards and
aambhng arp-rtenznees right and left, and
tcls summarily put a. etop to the fracas.
Chinese Fisbt Over Cards.
TO ARRIVE. - '\u25a0
Steamer. From. j Due.
Aurelia Portland & Af.cr.x May 22
1 State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.JMay 22
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma |May 22
S.Monica Grays Harbor May "ii
Chehalis Grays Harbor May 23
O. Dollar Grays Harbor 'May 23
' Alaxneda Honolulu May 23
; Bonita San Pedro & Way Pts. May 23
Elizabeth CoquUl- River May 24
laaua j Ean Pedro May 24
Del Xorte ' Crescent City May 24
Mocjclia 1 China & Japan .'. May 24
F. LegpeU... San Pedro May 34
Corona Humboldt May 24
Costa Rica... Portland & Astoria.... May 24
Roanoke -J Portland &. Way Pts... May 24
City Panama. New York via Ancon.. May 24
Norwood Seattle jMay 25
Porno, Point Arena & AJbion.JMay 25
Pi. Arena Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. | May 25
M. F. Plant.. Cocs Bay & It. Orford.lMay 2S
Peru New Tork via Ancon. .(May 28
Santa Rosa. .. San Diego & Way Pts. May 23
Argo Eel River Ports May 28
UmatlUa Puget Sound Ports May 29
Coos Bay Newport i Way Ports. iMay 27
P. Kilburn... j Portland & Way Ports. jMay 27
G. Lludau«r..i Grays Harbor ..'. May 28
Curacao Mexican Ports May 2S
North Fork... Humboldt | May 29
Colasibia Portland & Astoria j May 29
Scnotna Sydney & Way Ports. JMay 29
Hathor Hamburg & Way Ports. |May 30
Queen Pusret Sound Ports. ...IMay 31
San Juan New Tork via Ancon.. iMay 31
Theconstructlon forces of the company
are also working on an order recently Is
sued-for the construction of. 150 tanks of
35,000 barrels capacity each. .
The Standard's pipe line to Whiting
from- its .Sugar Creek" refinery,-' recently
established on the outskirts of Kansas
City, will be completed next Friday, ac
cording to officials who have' fust visited
the local plant. The Whiting line, • the
construction of which was begun* last
September, . is to supply an , outlet for
6,000,000 barrels of oil stored by the com
pany at Humboldt, Caney, Ramona and
Xeodesha, Kans. At Whiting ;. the pipe
line . will connect with p| the company's
lines . to Bayonne, N. J. , . thus completing
a line that will reach half-way across
the continent
When the line fs completed to /Whiting
the Standard will be able to, handle 75,000
barrels of oil a day. Already the : pipe
line superintendents of .the company are
planning new lines In anticipation of the
completion of the" Whiting line." On« of
these lines will run from Paola to Ran
touL . . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 r.' \'.- : ' . ; • >Vv'
KANSAS CITY. -May. 21.-W. F. Gates
of Independence, Kana., superintendent
of all the pipe .lines ot the " Standard ' Oil
Company in Kansas, Missouri, - Indian
Territory and Oklahoma, said to-day:
We are preparing to take ' car* of all the
oil- produced in the Kansas fields. Tbm Wblt
lngr (Ind.) pipe line will be completed la a few
days, and then w« can handle all th« oil pro
duced west of .the Mississippi River. . \u25a0
Movements «}f Steamers.
Standard Property to Extend
From Kansas to New
Jersey.
OIL PIPE LINE HALF
WAY ACROSS COUNTED
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourtli tlree column elves the last tide of the
day. except n-hen there are but three tides, as
tose'.tats occurs. The heights g^ven are Jn
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except -when a minus (—)( — )
tlgn precedes the height, and then the number
given !s subtracted from the depth riven by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
The lolaada is ninety tons burden. She
is eight-two feet long, eighteen feet deep
and seven feet in width. She has en
gines of 150 horsepower and is an oll
btraer. She is capable cf steaming twelve
knots an hour. She cost $13,000. It will
require about thrae weeks to put her
engines and machinery In place, after
v.hich she will immediately go into the
regular fishing trade. She is a valuable
acquisition to the fleet.
The launching was graced by the pres
ence of two officers of the Italian man-of
war Urnbria in full dress uniforms. They
Etemed to take a lively interest in the
proceedings, Judging from the expres
sions of their faces and their gesticula
tions. '\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0 vr
Ozl board were her builder and her
owner. I. Paiadini, and a large party of
trieeds. As the boat began to slide down
the ways Paladini stood at the bow and
christened her. at the same time smashing:
the proverbial bottle of champagne. She
took to the watej like a duck. A launch
came alongside and towed her to a nearby
dock. Meanwhile the cheering was kept
up by those on shore and returned by
those on the new boat by waving of hats
and handkerchiefs.
From her masts were flying two im
mense American f.ags. Italy's flag and
a large red, white and blue flag, upon
which was embossed in black letters the
vessel's name.
the little boat gracefully eiid down the
ways ar.d took her maiden dip into the
waters of the Fad£c
The new CEhir.g tug lolanda was
launched yesterday afternoon with fitting
ceremonies from the shipyard of her
builder, S. O. Pas«ju!nucci. " at Xorth
Beach. A crowd of about 2000 persons were
present, who shouted "Viva! Viva!" as
was because he obeyed orders
given by City Attorney Gill contrary to
the instructions of the ; Chief of Police
that Williams was ousted. ; -...
VALLEJO, May 21.— City Attorney
Harry D. Gill, representing E.. A, "Wil
liams, who .was .ousted .from : the Val
lejo -Police Department in* March last
for Insubordination, has filed a long pe
tition . with Attorney General Webb for
permission to begin a sult v to declare
vacant the position now held by George
N. Frazer, who was appointed in : . Wil
liams', stead. >,. „., ' .;. .
The aeroplane Santa Clara was the
first sent up. A great cheer arose as the
bird-like structure was hauled - upward,
but when it had reached 150 feet the rope
attaching it to the balloon parted. The
aeroplane at once started downward,
but aeronaut E>aniel Maloney did not
lose his head and at once began steering
it in a circle. 'It answered his tugs at the
gear, circled a few times -and; finally
landed lightly on the racecourse about
100 yards from where it started. Maloney
skillfully dodged a crowd of spectators.
This illustrated the merits -of the ma
chine better than any test heretofore
made, and showed that it was safe in a
short flight. If It had been a parachute
Maloney would have been killed, as ' it
could not have opened in that distance.
Professor Montgomery announced that
another exhibition 'would be given. A
balloon was secured and the aeroplane
Santa Clara II was prepared for flight.
It was 7 o'clock . when Maloney started
with the second aeroplane. About 1000
feet up it could be seen that two wind
lass ropes connected with the balloon had
not been' dropped and had become tan
gled in the aeroplane. Maloney was un
able to free the machine. He. bad. to be
content to stay with the balloon and was
carried two miles south of the city. He
alighted with the balloon In a grain field.
The aeronaut was' uninjured. ,
The 3500 people present -in. Agricultural
Park were satisfied,, however. Fully!: as
many more spectators were outside the
fence, and thousands, viewed 'the exhibi
tion from their homes. There was a de
lay of nearly three hours, and It . was 5
o'clock when the big hot air balloon
which was to raise the aeroplane was
filled for the exhibition. This is the big
gest balloon of the kind ever construct
ed, being seventy feet high and 150 feet
in circumference.
SAX JOSE, May 2L— Two sensational
flights .of Professor Montgomery's aero
planes were given this afternoon at Agri
cultural Park. Unkind fate hovered over
the exhibitions, for in the first attempt
the aeroplane broke-loose from the bal
loon at a height of 150 feet and dropped
quickly to the ground;. and in the second
flight the ropes became tangled and the
aeroplane could not be loosened and was
carried two miles below the city. The
aeronaut came back to earth when the
balloon had cooled sufficiently to allow
him to descend.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Seeks to Oust Officer Who
Took the Place of Patrol
man Dismissed From Force
Guides Bird-Like Structure
Though It Breaks . Loose
150 Feet From the Ground
FILES LONG PETITION
AEKOXAUT KEEPS COOL
Accident to Professor 3lont
gomeiy's Aeroplane Shows
tli^ Merits of the Machine
Vallejo's City Attorney
Would Sue f o^vn He.Serves
on Behalf of Ex-Policeman
SAN FIIAKCISCO, May 21—5 p. m.
. Tli« tolloirfng art iht- Beaional ratntalls to
dat* as ccrrpai^d with thct» ot th» same datt
last season, ami th«- rainfall in the last twea
tj -itur houra:
Last This Last
Stations—- 24 Hours. Season. Fiasco.
Eurek* (i(>) .\u25a0[\u25a0> 4:; 04 .M
R«<l Bluff y.(M» :;s. .vj ;:i.52
FacriirH-iiin O.Off 21. 53 10. 57
Han Francisco -...*' 0.00 23.4^ 20.5!»
Fr»to O.tMt 12.<)S 5.04
Ind«"r>pnd»-i<-? oX*> S.w't . 2.r>7
t-'an Luis Obi.ipo... o.OC> 23. .".0 li».f«s
Lac Ang»!es ...... o.Oi» 10. 4rt 5.72
san IMcco ' O.IV, 14.26 4.30
WKATHEI: CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Fair u-eathcr prevails over the southern half
of the I'anflc Slop* aad cJoudy vesth»r over
th* ncrthsni half. Light ran ha* faU?n In
Or^pon, Washington and Idaho.
The t#mr*rature has risen elo-wlv along the
coast and o.rr Oregon ar.d \Ve?t»rn Idaho and
has fallen about twenty djsrrees over the
Hocky Mountain region.
Forecast mad* at Pan Francisco for thirty
hour*, ending rrJdnlsht, May 12:
Fan Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday;
fr*sh northwfet wluds.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Fair Monday;
light wi«ct winds.. •'/.'\u25a0\u25a0'':
Sacratnento Valley— Fair, warmer Monday;
light north winds.
San Joaquin Valley — Fair, wanner Monday;
light r.orth Tvlnds.
Coast — Fain Monday; fresh northwest winds.
Foothills — Fair, wanner Monday.
Mourttalr.s — Fair, warmer Monday.
Nevada — Fair, warmer Monday. ~J«i":-
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecaster.
Weather Renorf.
ICCth Mf-rldlan— Pacific Tin*.)
DROPS SAFELY
FROM THE SKY
WANTS STATE
TO INTERFERE
LAUNCHED AMIDST
CRIES OF "VIVA."
— »—» —
lolanda Cheered as
She Glides Into
the Bay.
Officers of Umbria
Lend Presence
to Scene.
THEySAN FRANGISGO GALL,ivMONDAYv 22, 1905.
The Hotel El Bcnita at Duncan Mil la. en the
picturesque Russian River, has been completely
renovated. George 4A. Young o? Southern Pa
clflo and North Shore Commissary Department
is the new lessee and manager, and accommo
dations'at this popular place will soon be In
demand. 'Table excellent. Climate unsur
passed.', t Boating, bathing, fishing and trips to
the ocean, etc. Rates S7 per week and upward.
Railroad fares, $3 40 round trip for the season.
Round- trip Sundays and holidays,' $2 50; ; Fr
iday, to Monday. $3. Inquire Nortir Shore Of
fice. .. 650 Market street, or Georgo A. Young.
Duncan ; Mills, Cal. . •
Ideal Summer Resort.
VAL.LEJO, . May 2L— Vacavllle is
planning: to. construct an' armory to
cost:; J7OOO for Company I, . National
Guard ; of \u25a0 Calif ornia. Tb« proposed
armory will be put up by. a stock com
pany and the militia company will pay
for it in-; monthly - installments. Part
of the cost will come from the expense
money" allowed the company by : the
State. The armory will contain a drill
hall, 80x100 feet, and: a large gym
nasium. V •.'"•:.'\u25a0 \u25a0..'\u25a0.•\u25a0\u25a0' v
5
VSTTED- STATES BRANCH.
ST-A.T3EC-_vfl:3_CasrT
COXDCTION AXX) AFFAIRS
Western Assnrance
COMPANY
Or,O r,r ,7 OROXTO * 1N CANADA, CN THB
jf .«st day of December, A. D. 1904. and
tSI t * year " luliD S «» that day. as mads tt>
r^n»i, nn * vr * nee Comol»siocer cf the StaU or
tiiU S!?* P"" 1100 ' to the provisions of s»c-
£*L? 10 *** 6U °* Political Code, con-
aeas^d^as per blank furnished , by th« Com-
. ASSETS.
Loans on Bonda aad Mortgages... 813.0C0 00
Cart Market Value of all Stocks
rA£ i da own «^ 0T Company.. 1.573.943 «•
?^k V* C^npaay** 0ff1ce......... 145 33
Cash ia Banks 87.923 81
Premiums in dre Course cf Col-
tvcxiOT. •••,-«». 3*3__._lOB SS
a . U t fr* I **"*. "noV'iutur^:
taken for Fir» aad ilarlns Risks 20,974 05
Total Assets .81.3a0.49S 4j
LIABILITIES. '
*~*»es adjusted and unpaid...... 513.00S 77
Losses In process ot Adjustment or
in Suspense) 88.557 11
Leases resisted. Including expenses «.T33 47
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
UJ"". «»• rear or less. 51.C94.-
771 S3.- relnsuraaM 50 p«r cent 5<7,353 9S
Gross premiums on Flr» Risks run-
loa.T» 46; reinsurance pro rata 883.34S TO
Grosa premiums on Marlns and In- \u25a0
land Navigation Risks. 1113.-
93« 74; reinsurance 60 per cent. M.MS 8T
Gross premiums on Marine Tins*
Risks. $69,008 89; reinsurance SO
. per cent 54.901 9*
All other Llabtlltlas ............. S»IM W
Total Uabfliaes .tt.C7.a97 5
INCOME.
Xet cash - aetnany leceHed fcr -
Ftre premiums ................ .J2.178.808 ST
Net caah actually received for
.Martae premlaias 4 52. 333 11
Received •\u25a0 for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgsg*s 755 »
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources 71.373 A
Received from Hams OfSes 100,044 fid
Total IneocM ... .....C&14J21 <ff
EXPEND mTRES.
Net amount paid for Fir* T mm
(including $25,933 23. losses of
previous years) f1.625.M2 14
Net amount paid for Marine Losses 538.540 31
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 133.139 85
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 92.565 •?
Paid for Sut*. National and Local
taxes 71541 9
All other payments and expendi-
tures "..\u25a0 ;... 134.5J1 53
Total Expcf-Utn-ea .t2.553.331 5
Fir*. Marine
Losses tnenrred dur-
Ing t*e year <1.«8J67 99 $337.888 91
Risks and Preras. | Fire Risks. | Premmma,
Net amount of
Risks written
during the year. $239,283.40 $2,981,233 74
Net amoont of
Risks exptred
during. ths year. 265.194.58S 2.737.526 S7
Net • amonat la
fores December
81. 1904 242.740.578 2.801.50131
Risks and Prema. IMarine Risks.' Premiums. .
Ket , amosnt of
Risks written
durlse the year. $83,203,243 $332,532 59
Net . amenst of
- Risks expired
daring the year. e5.710.363 550^306 40
Ket " \u25a0 amount • In
fores December
81. 1904... [ 8.304.561 133.107 SS
J. J. KENNT. Vice Preside--"*
C. C- FOSTER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 23d
day of January. 190 S.
JOHN H. HUNTER. Notary PubUa,
W. L. W. MILLER,
GE.YERAL AGE.VT.
319 California Street,
sax frakclsgo.
united states branch.
——Of ths
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS ' .
" -OF THE
Blsli America Assurance
COMPANY
OF TORONTO. E? CANADA. OS THS
* SJst day of December. A. D. 1904, and
fcr th* year ending on that day. as made to
the ' In«arancs Commissioner of the Staxs of .
California, pursuant to the provisions of sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
d*c9?d as per H^ nY furnished by ta» Com'- .
sussicner: _____
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks '
and Bonds owned by C0mpany.. 51,209,024 OS
Cash In Banks 85.522 91
Interest due and accrued on all
Etocks and Loons .............. 10.308 70
Piemlsms In due Course of Col-
lection U.~ 138.45313
Total assets ..*.....;. ......... JL423. 410 7»
lUSP^ UABILmES.
Losses adjuxted and unpaid $13,818 73
Losses ta process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 68.113 81
Loeses resisted, including expenses. 7.99123
Gross premiums ca Fire Risks run-
ning on# Year or less. $1,007.-
393 C 4; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 803.697 83
Gross premioais en Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $715.-
864 54: reinsurance pro rata 387.005 S3
Gross premiums en Marine and In-
land Navlsatlon . Risks. $79.-
58 ft 34; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 39.733 IT
Grcs* premiums en Marine Time
Risks. $3,176 01; reinsurance, 100
: per cent 3.178 01
Total CabUltles ........31.038.490 03
rNCOMK. "
Net cash actually received for Firs
premiums .............. ........1X256;399 98
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 2-3.823 93 .
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans - and
from all other sources SS.94S 38
Received from al' other sources... 24.604 79
TcUJ taeOBM .\u2666X373.583 U .
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid \u25a0 for Fire Losses
(Including $104,825 71 losses of
previous- years) $S9S.ICB 0>
Net amount paid for Marine Losses 170.371 23
Paid or allowed . for t Commission
or Brokerage 233.31*13
Paid for Salaries Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . 66.315 63
Paid for State. Natloaal and Local \u25a0 \u25a0
taxes 47.133 S3
All other payments and expend!- Sa_-_na*B-|
tores 117.700 97
Total expenditures $1,577,446 97
Fire. Marina.
Losses Incurred . during
the year ........ $886.917 22 $170.003 7?
Risks and Prsms. I . Fire Bisks. . | Premiums.
Net amount of' I
Risks written I
durlcg the year. $120, 407,3+ i $1,690,907 73
K«t amount «f
Risks- expired
daring the year. U4.S«T.t?< 1.535.006 16
Net \u25a0 a m t v n t . In
force December
31. 1904 134.088.547 1.724.280 IS
Risks and Prams. (Marine Risks, f Premiums.
Net inoant of
Risks- written
during the year. $31,375,550 $262£79 63 •
Net amount of
Risks exptred - "
during the year. 32.073.20S 263.343 38
N«t " amoantta •
- \u25a0 force -December
. 31. 1904.;....... 2.737.2521 82.782 35
J. J. KENNT. Vice President. "
• .P. H. SIMS. Secreury.
Subscribed and Kworn to before me. tais 23d
day cf January. 1965. -\u25a0'nmikit pp!.lM!|w»|sa_saM
HARRY G AMBLE. Notary Pub Us.
W, L.W. MILLER, r
GEXERAL AGE-VT.
319 California Street, >
«JLX FBAXCISCO.
You Are Offered More
.Than a Million Doilars'
Worth of Comforts and
Elegance for ..... . .
Con You Afford to Over-
look Such an Investment?
From l May I, 1505, to Jan.
1, 1906, the rates (AMER-
ICAN PLAN ONLY) at
the famous POTTER HO-
[ . TEL; ; Santa Barbara-by
. the-Sea, will be as follows:
Rooms, : without bath, $\u0084
$3 and $4 each; per day;
with bath, $3, $4 and $5.
-. Special rates by the month. •"
Santa Barbara is the capital of
the New World Riviera— and
The -hotter buUt up its fame;
It would be • extravagance to go
'anywhere else this summer.
What* s Your
Trouble?
'"Anything- We can do for
you? If so, telephone or
'Our. specialty is good
light .and. fuel, both gas
and .'electric.
We've got it, you need
it^ and if it's not what you
expect, * let us ' know ' and
we \vill try and fix it to'
suit * you." ; \u25a0
Phone Exchange* 8."
The GflS Co.
• • \u25a0 .. . .. ". \u0084 . •
\u25a0I_>^ - '\u25a0:\u25a0 JIBS
Tor tha Cos- B <tf £**40-t
flmarlajr of Al-" «L &tl
ccnollsm aad .- I^_^_^^**
th 9 nrusr mmza%. .
Tli«aaan«s^ot'P«o»]«>u«> ltrtar s-smsirs erf
what It. has aooe fsr then. Can or writ* for
ail partleotaw. - v - . "> :
THE KEELEY INSTITUTE, S» Frwrisw
Donoho* Bldr- Cor. _tark«t and I»t1ot.
\u25a0\u25a0>-\u0084- \u25a0 . \u25a0-\u25a0 * t . . -
_#fS^DEWEY,STRONS &Co^gV
p t C^a%> _ar
A«i_ir33o MARKET ST.sK^SS^
_*% I 111 #^ Aramunltioa. Hontinc ar.d
lM 111 1 Sporting roods. LarKw:
\u25a0 \u25a0ill HI m. " •tock. Lowea: prices. Ee=a
Bill I\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 fcr catalosu*.
U%JI 1 %# SHREVE St BARBER CO..
,^ 788 r Market -St.. and 821
.... -'- ; \u25a0 Keaxnjr.it. -
DIBiGTGRY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
\u25a0 on Application. "
OILS.
LUBRICATIXG OILS: LEONARD & ELLIS,
4JB Front St., S. F. Phone Main ITIB. > 4 ,
PRIXTIXG. " ~~~-
LCHUfiHES. sns-n^TSa.V.
. OCEAN TRAVEL^
>sirTS>v Steamers' leav» plera 9 and
yf^V-^^Qi^." *!•' Bmn Francisco.
fifjtl^"''-" ' Fcr Ketchikan. Wranjtl.
/ayTMV~te \*\ Juneau. Treadwell. Haincs,
I / \WP\ 1 I Slta§rw*y. etc.. Alaska— ll a.
X \ vmA/ / m.. May S. 10. 15. 20. 23. 30;
\v\ Vk \u25a0\u25a0-- •" nff June '4. * Changv *to Ctasn.
V<r s S__-_»*y pany*s steamers at Seattle. \u25a0
X^*!H*fl>' For Victoria. VaocoaT^r,
Port Townsend. - Seattle.
Anacortea, Tacensa. Everett. South BelUnsham,
Belllngham— ll a." m.,- May 5,1 0. 18. 20, 23. 30;
'June 4. Chanre at Seattle to this ccsapaay'a
tteamers for -Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle
cr Taccma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver ta C P.
Ry. "-,'.- -: f, -.-, , ' . \u25a0
. For Eureka (Hoaboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:33
p. ra.. May 3. 11.- 17. 23. 29; Juno 4. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. May 2. 8. 14. 20. 29: Jjae L .--
. For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San ' Diego and Santa Barbara —
Ear.ta Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. ra..
State of California. Thursday i. 9s. m.
For Los 'Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Crux. Moa-
t Try, San Simeon. Cayuees. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and 'Huenerae — *
Coos Bay. 9 a. in.. May 6, 14, 22. SO; Jaa« T.
Bonita. 9 a. ra.. May 2. 10. IS. 26; Jnn« 8.
i For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jos* d«l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia,
-Guaymas (M>x.). 10 a. m.. 7th each month. -
ALASKA EXCURSION'S (Seuon 1903)— Th»
palatial excursion steazasnip Spokane will leav*
Tncoma, Seattle and Victoria. Jun* S, 22; July
6. 20: Au».:3.aT.= •
For further Information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
- . TICKET - OFFICE — 4 New . Montgomery . st.
(Palace— Hotel). 10 Market : st..\ and Broadway
wharves.* i FREIGHT . OFFICE — 10 Market ' st.
, C D." DUKANN, General Passenger Agent.
. /•- .-\u25a0» 10 MarSrst st^ Ban Francisco. * ; .. . • ; -« :
S.'* S. J MAKIPOSA. for Tahiti. May 26, , 11 A.JJ.
6. \u25a0 S.* ALAMEDA. - for Honolulu. May 27. ;11
• », a.' -M. '\u25a0- -.'-;. - \u25a0 -
S. S. BONOM A, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland
j and : Sydney, .Thursday. June 8. 2 P.' M. -
; 1 J.SfEICIELS _ BSOi Ca. iZH.fiCJBt Offia 643 VP-
tei IrlzEi CSar 327 lar_3i si. , Pisr /." hinA: iv
, COMPAGNIS 6EKBRALS TK_S3ATI.A.ITIQCI
DIRECT.: LIKE .TO . HAVRE— Parts. " .-rstm '
Sailing every : Thursday instead ot <miM
> Saturday.', 10 . a.', cv, * from . Pier : 12. •*\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0__»
North, River .'foot of Mcrton rUViBtB
: ' First class ; to : Havre. $70 and . upward. ; Sec-
ond " class ; to ' Havre, ' $45 . and . upward. \u25a0• GEX-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA." r S3 -Broadway (Hudson ; bailding).
New Tork. J.I F. FUGAZI 4 CO.. Paciflc Coast
Agents, 6: Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets i soid by . all . Railroad Ticket Ageota.
%r' For TT:S. " Navy Yard "and Vallejo— Stmrs G«n-
eral. Frisbie. "Arrow and - MontJceUo; 8 round
trips DAILY.- 'Leave San Francisco 7:00 a. ra." 1 -
*9:45 a. m.,"" 12:30 noon. 8:18 p. ».. 6:00 p. m.',
8 :30 ; ».'• m- - •Lands ; navy yard \u25a0 direct. - Land>*
lnan "\u25a0 \u25a0nTFrantd«ea T "-|ito-t B.x fact ;<rfi -T*irtl~ a
straet. Meals ala cart*. San Fraaeisea. Bhon*
Main 1508. HATCH BROS.. Oca. Ajrents.
. AD VKKTISEaiEyTS.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
The : Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /H? \j££sS +-*- "
- 6ignat_re of I*wi&r7% S<6C6*U/l£
Mysl2»Sl»ecidl
Knif c^^^^^
\u25a0; Has three - finely : tempered steel blades."
buckhorn handle, solidly, riveted, plate . for
monogram and is 'of genteel size . and
shape. \u25a0: If you . were to trarel the world
' over < you couldn't beat It for the money.
MY SPECIAL PR1CE. ;............ f1.00
. WANT A RAZOR? ,1 have a fine assort-*
ment, all standard makes. :< Can supply
you with a, good one as. low a5. .... .f1.00
'" '-I » carry ': the celebrated STAR SAFETY.
' RAZOR, - which sells • everywhere : for $1.73
and \u25a0 52.00. ..; I : sell It .for only.-... .; . .$1.23
P.'i'l'- also: carry " the : OrLLEJTTE : SAPETTT
. RAZOR; \u25a0 which requires no honing *or
}«tropplng. . ; Price ;.:......... ; . . .f5.00
v^RAZORS HONED and ground. . Hon-
\iDg, ".'..........:....:..............\u25a0.... 35c
- "Out'of. town orden promptly filled.
TH^T HAN PITTS
,-3 .:' F. i' W. r PITTS. ; the Stationer. :
, 1009 MARKKT > STREET, , oPO- ; Fifth st.
• . '. ". Ban Francisco.
iSvisiTiDR^ORDAWSnuuT i
iMUSEUH OF ANATOMY
\ Cfc 1831 11KOI ST. bit 6ti*Us.S.F.C»L 1
W Ogr Tb»Lort««t>e»t«sti_l KawaaitßtSt
A _X_B__. World. WeataeaM* or »»t eo«lr«sted
V \u25a0 -if L9b 6i>?*"> s-«UI»«Ir C_re4 by til* .11m.
A 1881 SpwiaUKantbaCout. Eat-SBy««r_
2 i f__f ft 0R * JWDAH-DJSEASES Qf MEN
\ Inhl . Osoniadoa tnt aad uiietiy prim*
A I ]S^f PJ Trfunneat p*nH>n«lly or by t— v*. A
ill HI Writ* tor Book, PHItS»«P_Y m*
ff I 'lll^BAlimiACK. MAIL-O FBI*. fA
'A'J&liJtf.h »— u»bl* b**kfcc»rm.> _'.;.'-\u25a0\u25a0» ,
f I>B.JOBI»A w «.CO. i .loSlMar.etßt,aP. '
,4gm^m M.NANDWOWEH.
sj_jfl^PuCs_iCß^_H Csaßlgafor.Bßatural
1 ta ( tar-V di«charf is.iofiaßinuHeßa.
MK/bA asaraaw«S ft \u25a0 S Irritstlons or .alcaranoaa
ffSf'«MttNMoi",, : e( nocogi membraßea>
m m\u25a0 Tt 111H Cmf^mm. % : * Pmiaiess. an 4 ast astrtar
aRiraEETUSCKMEUtt. i geat or yeisoaomk. :r^^~ -j
lggA a-BMUTI.eJ—I **** «T Brmniat*.
B.a.JN._jjy \u2666* Mat la plata "**»*«*
aToaur » btSeVitt.Tt.THE UA.TEST.
Mrs. Hoyle^-She never speaks
of him a* her husband.
'Mr. Hoyle— What does she call
->Mrs. Hoyle— Her Catmate.
Snre He VWould -Whistle.
• She/with I an ; arm \u25a0 around ' his ; neck :"
"It s ! makes 't you j happy j to'kno w; that I
am" pleased^ doesn't! it,\ dear?"
"-tHe-^-''Why,'Cyes. I M ?:;:;.';\u25a0''-"" : ." r S "
sf-VAnd s you \u25a0 are 2% happy -• when , you
whistle.-iaren'tiyou, I dear?" . \u25a0': . ,
; v r
.•• "Well^ love, s ; l'< know you ; are ;"goirig
to'vwhist!e~/when you .see, this millinery
biH':"- ; - : -yonkers~Statesman;t : ; : -
-v The Journal lof Agricultural .^Topics
calls \u25a0: attention ' tb'a very, curious . fish,
occurring; in 'great : numbers along the
banks; of the Amazon;; which attack
cattle. Ss The animals frequent the shal
low : waters the, i heat ' of . the day,*
andtwhile 'thus ; exposed r are * attacked
upon" the; legs and udders by, the flsh.
The it bites are quite severe, frequently
totally.?' disabling the -'animals -.and
sometimes; producing: death. In one
instance a dairyman is ' reported to
have 'i lost >- over. ; 400 * cows from • this
cause in \u25a0 a single : season." ,
FISH ATTACKS COW.
r \u25a0 Library Hall here '; is "filled with- nude
statuary, mostly^" the : ; gift; of ; Edward.
.Wilder^ secretary }. and \u25a0 trfeasurer '". of i the.
; Atchison;^ Railway,:, says the y Topeka
'/Kan.) correspondent of the New.*: York
Sun.lr When ' some ; good .women went Uo
the hall to arrange a meeting they^were
shocked , atsthe|appearanc« of -so much
marble and plaster nakedness, and they
worked all the afternoon putting aprons
and : other Z draperies '\ on ; the I statues: - , ;
5 Before & the i \u25a0 meeting g took ?, place \ Mr. ;
happened alongr.'^Whenlhe; saw
what : the j women I had i done ?he > became
indignant 'and ,tore away, the- draperies. 4
-v "They \u25a0 made ithose^ statues T positively,
indecent,",! declared a ' Mr. '\u25a0-'\u25a0>^Wilder.^yi
never I saw anything so sugfres^ive ~ln
all ! my life." ;• ';\u25a0 '\u25a0":'\u25a0"'-\u25a0 '\u25a0 '
DRAPES NUDE STATUES;
%'-. Dr. William Osier of Johns Hopkins
and Oxford tells this story: An .old
darky quack, well \u25a0 known In a, certain
section s of > the ; South, -was passing the
house of a planter whose" wife was,re
ported to ; be dangerously ill. .Stopping
at V the i gate, ..' he called Jto one . of 1 the
hands: , . >\u25a0 \u25a0 . -, .-.:,
Vl'say, Rastus, how's -the missus?"
, . "\yell,"'; replied Rastus, "the doctah
done say , dis mawnin* dat . she : convel
escent." •'••'• """.-•; . ' iiwE£§ - 5 .
..., .'.'Humph! " "Dat ain't nothinV: chile,"
said \ the iOld quack lwith an ? air of su
perior, wisdom. : "Why,' I've : done \ cured
convalescence in twenty-foah; hours." — -
Cleveland" Leader.; \u25a0 "^
Teacher — If it took one man
seven days to do a piece of
work, how long would It take
seven men to do the same work?
Tommy — Seven weeks. '
Teacher — How so?
Tommy — The seven men would
go on a strike. j
HE HMW I.ABUntiU.r
• A HUN FOX HIS HO.NKY. .
He 'wrote some fugitive verse.
Pride tempted him to show it;
The natural result is that
He's now a fugitive poet..
EASILY CURED.
.There's a little mental science trick
that ; will teach imaginative persons to
acquire a perfect, graceful poise,' says
the Pittsburg Dispatch. One says
aginative" with . reason, for : you I have
to have an imagination to do ; it. >.You
must" imagine; that, you:bear,a 6clntil- :
lating star on your, breast and a basket
of eggs en your head. ,v.. . "
I . The : first fancy will unconsciously in
fluence you to carry, your, shoulders like
a: military man bent. on; exhibiting. his
geld buttons. The. second^wili: teach
you to sink' into; your; chair gently ' and
gracefully instead of * bouncing ' intoV it.
AJso \u25a0- it will - train you to .. climb stairs
erect, c You \u25a0? can't^ twist ;=. or c'beridy over
as, women usually, do in going'up stairs
if '; you have a;• basket iof * eggs ; on' your,
head-^even -an.: lmaginary^ one— K;an
:you?-;: you?- ; \u25a0.-\u25a0;\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0; .'y- : . \u25a0[':\u25a0. : : -;.:- "\u25a0; \u25a0:---\u25a0:-
So put on the flashing: gold star,
whieh is worn to be seen, - and ? set the
basket- of ieggs "\ oh !• your ; head ' and : see
what 5 . the combined it ancy^ will ?do for
your carriage. ' ".' /., '.V
TRICK OF IMAGINATION.
(The suggestion has been made that
the cruiser St. Louis be christened with
beer.) .
Vake me" early. If not earlier, mem lie
fa er mudder. dear, -
Pecausc our ship Saind Looie's to pc
grissened mit some beer. '_
Dey'ro going to rig der poop-masts und
: der pig two-shilling deck..
Dcr chib-sails und der taftrails mit i
. pink sausages und shpeck; . -V\'"-'»'
Und from der' stern righd: down to
." vhere der barkless bow • shticks
out '
Dere vill pe floating in der preeze long
• shtreams of sauerkraut: *
Und on der deck vhere heaps oft can
non balls dey alvays lays :
Dere vill pe • heaps off balls dot's sim
ply made of leberglaese:
Und from der port-holes vhere der
. great pig* guns shtuck oud dere
head
I hear, dot dey are goin' to put pig wie
' nerwursts instead. -
Dey're goin' to; put new emblems on
. :\u25a0 der flags dot; from it flew—- '
Designs of sauerbratten und some has
:, , senpfeffer.Uoo; •
Dey're goin' to fill her holts all oop mlt
fresh limburger cheese
To kill dot horrid salty smell dot floats
mit;each sea preeze. '
So don't forgot to vaka me awful early,
mudder dear. «• . .
I vant .to see' Saind Looie's ship get
grissened mit der beer. . ,
'? — F.P. Fixzer in New York Press.
HOCH SAiSD LOOIE.
THIS is an age of hustle. 1 Here at a
glance one may see how some of the
recent most remarkable feats in the
art of hustling compared one with another
in respect to j the j time occupied :in com
pleting them, the black column iv each
instance being drawn in length in pro
portion to the time taken. Some of the
feats recorded were "performed by a
single brain, others were the acts of
groups of men. . Some represent instances
o5 unpremeditated bustle, . while upon
others long and. earnest thought had pro
vided beforehand > for any— contingency
likely to occur. In the rush for the record,
Miys a writer in the Detroit Tribune.
•In the engineering world locomotive
building was once very popular ; among
hustlers, until the Great Eastern Railway
turned out an engine in nine hours forty
seven minutes in 1891 arid set up a seem
ingly unapproachable record. Now the
most popular phase of hustling has taken
the form of a Titanic game of . "bridge"
that culminated, in a structure, 906 feet
long, crossing, the Raritan River and the
Delaware and. Raritan Canal,. being moved
by, the Pennsylvania Railroad , Company
on to new abutments in me brief time
of eight and a half minutes. 1 The actual
time taken for the ; removal ' of . the struc
ture, weighing 2400 tonsr through fourteen
feet six inches, was. 193 seconds, the bal
ance of the time being occupied in re
moving the bolts and making the discon
nections'arid in making fresh connections
at the ends when the bridge was in its
new position. . .
REMOAING BRIDGES.
- In England a few days ago the Midland
Railway removed a bridge near Attercliffe
Road Station. Shefifleld, a,nd substituted a
steel structure, in five hours ten minutes;
while a/420-ton bridge on* the London,
Tilbury and Southend line. In the neigh
borhood of Bow, was lasl summer placed
in position between 12:40 on the Saturday,
night and 10:30 on the Sunday morning,
notwithstanding the fact that the old
bridge was not got out of the way before
4 a. m. and the new bridge had to travel
thirty feet. The West London Extension
Railway Company . succeeded in *, moving
a.v : old fifty-ton bridge in ;< the . neighbor
hood of Battersea Station In 1902 and sub
stituting a new structure of double the
weight ; in forty-two minutes.
Expeditious "as these feats, undoubtedly
were they can .. scarcely. ,- be said -to have
eclipsed those of - the - world's two cham
pion butchers. . In one instance a Ballarat
butcher backed himself jln 1900 for | to
place chops on -a gridiron in ten minutes
from the time he took; the sheep in hand
to shear,; kill and dress iL He .won.
American meat dressers hearing of this
.Englishman's fame, journeyed across the
Atlantic with the idea ' of, ' flgurately
speaking, wiping the floor with the Brit
ish champion. ' The English representa
tive in this line of hustling is Stanley
Warth, 'a' foreman butcher of Ipswich,
who in .' 1900 performed the , remarkable
feat of dressing \ a bullook and a sheep
and ' running a * mile," all iwithin 'l half \u25a0\u25a0 an
hour. \ Warth dressed : the bullock in thir
teen minutes,' the 1 sheep { in -: six , minutes
.and '_ theri; throwing aside' his. apron,' ran
the measured : mile in five minutes," there
by winning his wager with ! five minutes
'to spare, j : \u25a0 . - :\u25a0 .
; MAKING SHOES. ;
, There - has \u25a0 been r a ';- certain % ; amount of
competition In l rapid shoe l production 3of
fate years. ; ; In Lynn; Mass., . ' a; ppairr r of
lady's bQOts^ weremado'ln the presence
of a notary public,;; who timed the per
formance, in thirteen minutes ,by ; utilizing
the services of fifty-seven different oper
ators I and j forty-two \ machines that ; pro
ceeded ";to. convert , twenty-six ipieces v bf
leather, fourteen pieces of : cloth; .twenty
four buttons, ", twenty- four -buttonholes,
eighty tacks,' twenty "nails, two box ; toes, J
two steel shanks and \, twenty.; yards '.' of
thread" Into fa dainty, pair x>t lady's foot-;
gear; In - the * time ; mentioned; " :^V J / '-- :
The. genius jwho^ is;- assisted: by inspira
tion is '\u25a0 capable, of . some feats of 1 hustling
that the ordinary .' individual -ts j unable \u25a0to
perform,^ even j when : time is -no' object.'
Lord "^Tenriysori, . for": example," is : reported
to have told Dr." Butler of Cambridge' that
he knockedoff the Bar", in ten
minutes. < Sir > F. C. \ Burnand i is > believed
to,*bave : written '-. his' famous i burlesque ' of
>-/Dlplomacy?', ; in ' t five hoars."! Captain Basil
Hood, when Interviewed some few, months
ago, put on record the fact, that ;the play
let 5; Vlb 7 and *Llttle !-" Christina"!''- was S the
work of: three .hours.","' Solomon J.i Solomon
Is -credited ~ i with % having ~\ completed ;- his
famous f Academy] portrait 5 of . I.'t* Zangwill
in ' five * hours, V and % the ; late \u25a0'_ Sir
Sullivan,-; who? composed ? and ; j scored i the
elaborate Vbverturei to*; '?The"yYeomaij: i of
tho *Guard"~ in Itwelvei hours, i is^said %to
have perfoTmed a like feat for, the equally
ttinefulsl'lolantho**. -by- ten consecutive
hours -of \u25a0' strenuous j, toll-
"SHKEP ;TO COAT."
A lady coming across "the herring
pond,y'. r ;whose£ father 5, boarded:'; the *shlp
from ;the pilotboat lwhen's the il, vessel ' waa
still* two i hours j away,"- from* the i landing
place,-* with^' small Tarmy .! 'of I modistes ; and
dressmakers,^ aad ) the"? tidings fof I herihusf
band's death,' is said to have .walked 'down'
the , kaneway « with v the other \u25a0 passengers
*BAR TO 1.0AF."
clad in the dernier cri of fashionable
mourning. But- the most popular form of
hustling, so far as tailors are concerned,
is over the "sheep -to coat" course. This
feat in the art of hurrying received a
great impetus in 1811, when Sir John
Throgrmorton made a bet of $5000 that at
8 o'clock on a certain evening he would
sit down to dine in a suit, the wool of
Which had been shorn the same morning.
It is now a matter of history that the
various processes were. completed in thir
teen hours and "that Sir.. John , won the
wager with an hour to spare. 1 That mod
ern methods have improved upon those
of almost a hundred years ago was made
clear a few years ago when Americans
accomplished. the same feat in the mar
velous time of. six hours and four min
utes, of which period six tailors were
engaged for two | and a half hours in
completing the tailoring portion of the
work. ; ' " V ' : '\u25a0 :
The "ear to loaf" record is at present
held by Messrs. Taylor & Sons, of the
Sheaf . House Farm, . B Jpckley, England.
These gentlemen started "operations at 8:30
a.;m.; as '^ast ;as the. sheaves 'were cut
they ywere t carried to the granary , ; and
there thrashed 'and \u0084wlnnbwed—t ime, six
and a half minutes:: 1 The grain was then
conveyed to the mill and there . ground
and - dressed— time, _ five ana ;a : half Imin-.
utes. To the adjacent bakehouse the
floqr was then transported, and at 9 a: m.
seven small loaves .were, taken; from the
oven, and ; ten : minutes !: later four of
greater proportions, one 'of " which was
dispatched ,to", to" the- kins. Fronl "ear to
loaf" occupied thirty .) minutes on this oc
casion, or nearly two -hours short of the
time representing :" the "tree to • news
paper" record (two ;• hours _, twenty-five
minutes) held by a paper and wood pulp
manufactory at: Eisenthal. \u25a0; . \u25a0.
Some few weeks jj ago. in the course of
legal proceedings instituted at New York,
it transpired that a certain George Lehay
met a girl at the theater for the first
time during tho performance of : "The For
lorn Hope," and during the third act he
proposed to and actually married her .the
same evening. \u25a0 This ; was a : smart per
formance, and apparently the bride
groom duly smarted, for ho speedily ob
tained a divorce on the ground. that the
lady already possessed a husband who
was living, j Nowadays , those who marry"
in haste do .not even' repent at leisure;
this is an age . of '\u25a0_ hustle,' and repentance
is hurried through i afr express speed.'
? An Iron church, seating 200 persons, was
built near Philadelphia in three ' hours
fifty-eight minutes, r
\ TRANS-ATLANTIC steamship of
>V fers opportunities for. courtship with
.(. ky which lovers' lanes in shady wood-
lands cannot begin to compete." At
sea one lives from day to. day, from hour
to hour,- drifting along with the current
of circumstance.
The air is as full of romance as it is
of salt; a tonic to the nerves, likewise it
stimulates the imagination.
A bachelor, therefore, unless he is a
•woman-hater or devoted to bridge whist,
takes his life of freedom in his hanfls
when he sets out on a big ocean liner for
a voyage across "the pond*; he'is likely,
before he gets to the other side, to offer
it to some fair lady as a souvenir of the
trip.': .'...- ; \u25a0•\u25a0""•• i; -.. it- .
On the other hand, a pretty girl whose
chaperon does not exercise' due care may
put her peace. of mind in pawn ere port
is reached. ;
Flirtations at sea may mean much or
they may: mean nothing. Occasionally
they are entertaining first chapters to
good old-fashioned love stories, which
end in the marriage of' the lovers and
their living happily ever afterward.
Sometimes they preface real heart trage
dies. But usually, of course, they are
nothing more than "attention without
intention," a dainty - little game for
two.
The gossips with ready-made virtues
who line the deck with their steamer
chairs always have enough to occupy
their eyes and tongues.
Even the stupid but gorgeous peacock
squad, marching indefatigably two .by
two, may stir one's curiosity by their
sentimental air. \u25a0;:> ''\u25a0\u25a0'?
The girl who "does not care how \u25a0. she
looks," because she knows so well that
she is doubly charming when the sea
breeze tosses her' curly hair, and the
handsome and indifferent young man who
disturbs the feminine heart by his cool
disregard of its . proximity, are natural
magnets for romance.
; And the contrast between the joyous
maidens; to whom cavaliers are declaring
by, j word . and j deed an eternal love—
which will last in all probability until
the ship reaches Havre— an* those sedate
married j ladies whose husbands love to
linger in the smoking-room brings to
mind that light cynicism of Honore de
Balzac, ' "It is easier to bf a lover than
a husband, for the same reason that it
is easier to be witty'every than now
and then." .. -..\u25a0', ;
In one week . on shipboard one can be
come better acquainted with, one's neigh
bors than in a year on shore. There is
so little to do and so little of general in
terest to talk about that one drifts in
evitably into companionship and person
alities. . :" : V V
Besides, there is poetry , to be had "for
the finding. . 'Tis. in. the deep, mysterious
voice of the loud-sounatng sea, in - the
rainbow .;. which the sunshine makes
across the spray at the prow, in the fine
ripples beyond, \u25a0 which spread out upon
the waters * exquisitely like a 'mermaid's
floating hair; in the sunset, in the twi
light and in strange i lack depths of
night, v ; . .
In every way, indeed, circumstances
play into the hand* of Cupid, .who is well
known to be in any case a sharper when
he plays the game' of hearts.
Dorothy Fenimore ,is now in
Paris, having gone abroad for The
Call to make a special study in
foreign lands of sentimental top
ics. She will give readers much
"expert \u25a0 testimony." Below is the
first of a series of studies in love
ori^ shipboard, i
BY DOROTHY FEHIHORE.
Flirtations at Sea:Ma7 Mean Mncli, but
Are Usnaily "Attention Witb
. out Intention."
CUPID ON AN OCEAN
LINER.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL,
JOILN D. SPKECKELS .' . . ... . . . . ...... ...Proprietor
~~ ~~ ADDRESS ALL, COMMUNICATIONS TO
gQB^McXAUGHT^. . . -r^^r^. — /^^ — • « • • -^ . .....'\u25a0. .,. .Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AXD MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
MONDAY :J ... . . • .MAY '$2, 1905
WORLD WITNESSES REMARKABLE
FEATS IN THE-ART OF HUSTLING
TRADE STILL EXPANDING.
Some of the Wonderful Achievements of Recent Years.
The same wet and backward weather which has caused the
damage to the wheat crop in the Southwest and some sections of the
West has been interfering with the jobbing and retail trade and cut
ting down the regular movement of staple goods to the detriment of
general business.- But the diminution in the distributive movement
is not serious, if we may judge by the clearing-house returns, which
show a gain for the past week of 31.9 per cent over the correspond
ing week last year, with every one of the forty most important citifes
and towns on the list exhibiting an increase except Buffalo, whicli
shows a small loss of 8 per cent. The- aggregate clearings were
$2,671,700,000, a good showing.
These returns are confirmatory of the statement frequently made
of late that the general business of the country is not contracting but
steadily expanding, not only naturally in consequence of the normal
increase in population, but actually beyond it, snowing that large as
production is, it has not yet overtaken consumption. This current
era of trade activity is surprising; It has continued now some seven
years, and shows no signs of ceasing: It must of course come to an
end some time, and nobody thought that it would last as long as it
has, but it is still with us, as bright and lively as ever, and, what is
especially gratifying, without fever or undue speculative activity.
The staples as a rule are firm. Lumber,, hides and leather, wool
and woolen goods, cotton, the different cereals, most groceries, foot
wear and general clothing, dairy products, iron structural material,
car-building, land-purchasing, house construction, , farming imple
ments, railway freight and passenger traffic, foreign exports and im 1
ports, and, in fact, almost everything readily perceptible to the'in
quiring eye, are more than normally active, while prices are gener
ally higher than the normal of recent years. All this is simply the
exhibit of a prosperity which is apparently endless, though, as just
observed, it must end some- time or other. The volume of trade is
well illustrated by the recent statement in the woolen trade, which
says that all the mills of the American Woolen Company have their
entire product sold at prices which assure. the company, the largest
business and profits in its history. And this is only one of many
similar statements which are appearing every few days. ./-;;:
mJ~ The outlook on this coast continues bright, as usual. Our crop
prospects, while not as brilliant as two months ago, are still excellent,
our local and export trade are active, our banks report more funds
than they really care to have on hand, our building is on a large and
apparently unending scale, our labor is fully employed," with wages
far above the normal of recent years, a stream of home-seekers is
pouring into the State from the West, and our merchants, wholesale
and retail, are reporting business good and collections at least up
to the average, with no more than the usual run of failures. IWhat
better commercial conditions could we ask ? ...
\u25a0-\u25a0 _ •«••• * " - «\u25a0\u25a0-"«"'"*"\u25a0
THE markets of the country exhibited no pronounced changes
last week, except in Wall street stocks, which were very un
settled, with uncertain and irregular quotations. The general
tone of stocks was weak, owing to the crop damage reports from
the Southwestern wheat sections, the Chicago strike and the less
favorable reports from the iron and steel industry. This latter was
the prime factor in weakening prices, and during the middle and
latter part of the week a heavy selling movement, in steel shares ren
dered the whole stock list weak and carried both railroads and indus
trials down with it. This was in the face of good reports from the
textile mills and the continued increase in railroad earnings, those
thus far in May showing a gain of 8 per cent over May, 1904. . .
- It seems rather singular that one industrial line should affect all
the other industrials when the showing of the latter is excellent as
a rule, but such is the case at present, and it shows what an influence
the great steel corporation has upon the American people and the
American speculative markets. It was only about a week or ten
days ago that the president of the corporation went to Europe with
the smiling remark that the corporation was never in such fine condi
tion as at present, but before he had hardly arrived across the ocean
unfavorable reports regarding the outlook in this line sprang up and
caused general selling, not only of the steel shares, but of everything
else on the list. But, as has been the gratifying rule for some time,
the money market was not disturbed by this heavy liquidation, and
funds continued very plentiful, with the usual low rates of interest.
The current decline in stocks is thus aptly stated by* a well
known Wall-street brokerage house: "Crop damage reports and con
tinued heavy selling of steels, and new low records, caused heavy sell
ing. We are getting our first crop scares, and it is likely these fac
tory will be well discounted now and the usual May declines in the
securities market will be witnessed. Sensational reports about rain
in the West and stories of shutting down mills and plants of steel
corporations are coming thick and fast, but you can rest assured
they are not true. The steel trade is getting a* natural setback or
dullness from the recent rapid pace of six months, but orders on hand
will be forthcoming for a long period to keep all the mills busy, and a
week of cloudless weather will make crops finer than ever. . It seems
as if all these unfavorable features are.being crowded into this week."
SCHOOL GARDENS.
VACANT lot cultivation as a philanthropic scheme has branched
out into educational forms, and the school garden for children
is one of the lines in which the famous Pihgree plan .is making
practical development. The system as worked in Philadelphia has
achieved a notable success and may instill into many of the children
who get the advantage of it such a taste for the industry and keen
ness to acquire skill in gardening as will give them a~ profitable
trade in later years.
Seven gardens were cultivated and a thousand children had
instruction in the art of producing vegetables and flowers. To pro
mote this good work three institutions co-operated— the Vacant Lots
Cultivation Association; the Public Education Association and the
Board of Public Education. The Civic Club of Philadelphia also
conducted one of the gardens. The report of , the Vacant Lots Asso
ciation says that the children's gardens ; 'vvere successful in every
sense of the word, and were a joy and benefit to thousands of chil
dren and their parents." A remarkable feature of the happy success
of it all is that although at the beginning thqre, was much fear en
tertained for the plan because.it was thought th.c. children, mis
chievous and bad, might pluck, stealor injure the product growing
in the unguarded and openly exposed lots, not a flower or vegetable
was touched until the teachers said they were ready for use. There
were not nearly enough gardens to supply all~the children who
wanted them, but those who had none refrained from touching the
flowers of the fortunate ones who had little plots to tend.
The educational benefit that is_ coming to adults from the reg
ular philanthropic work of the Vacant Lots Association is; some
thing of which Philadelphia may be proud. Perhaps it may be deemed
more important than the direct supportit gives by supplying work
to the unemployed. A large percentage of those who get. the train
ing of self-help in these gardens develop into capable gardeners
who soon go out to operate places on their own account. Thus^the
system becomes a training school for workers in that greatest of all
industries, agriculture.
When a girl tells a young man that she doesn't eat any more than a bird
he should remember before inviting her to lunch that an ostrich is a bird.--
Chicago News. -
The uncomfortable fact about the demand of -the women school teachers
for equal pay with the men is that it is absolutely a just one.— New York
•World. " \u25a0..\u25a0'!>' -.' '" . ---.- ' \u25a0\u25a0' ~ \u25a0 '
A new island is to be built in New York bay. v . An island co near, to New
York will be harder to civilize. than one of the Philippines.— Denver -Republican.
Probably there were microbes in our/ forefathers' » days, . only they didn't
keep them etirred up all the time.— Le wiston (Me.) JaurruaJ- .
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION I
•The long coat, built somewhat upon modified redingote lines. Is
what the fashionables are ordering for separate wraps for summer
wear, these to be worn as well for a costume coat when occasion re
quires. The garment is fashioned in two pieces, the upper body part
and the skirt; and the two are cleverly joined at the waist line by a
stunning belt. The upper part is slightly pouched in front and drawn
down snugly in the back. The sleeve Is a half-length glgot. lengthened
out with plisse frills of hemstitched linen, the upturned cuff decorated
with braiding in white wash soutache. This same braiding is used
down the front and for the flat collar as well. The skirts of this
smart coat are cut full and circular, shirred slightly over the hips, and
deeply pleated in double box pleats in the back. •
FASHIONABLE COAT. FOR SUMMER WEAR.
ANSWERS TO VARIOUS QUERIES.
PATENTED ARTICLE— L., City. If
you have patented an article which you
believe the United States Government
would use, consult the Congressman of
your district in which you live and he
will advise you how to bring the mat
ter to the attention of the proper of
ficials.
TEST FOB DlAMONDS— Subscriber,
Oakland, Cal. Massimo Levi, an Italian
chemist, gives 'the following as a test
for the purpose of ascertaining if a
stone purporting to be a diamond is
genuine or not: "If. you have a doubt
ful stone put it into a . leaden or
platinum cup, with some powdered
fluor-spar . and a little oil of vitriol;
warm the vessel over lighted charcoal,
in. a fireplace .or wherever there is a
strong draught to carry off the-noxious
vapors that will be copiously evolved.
When these vapors have ceased rising
let the whole cool and then stir the
mixture with a glass rod to fish out
the* stone. If you find It Intact it is a
genuine stone, but if it is false it will
be corroded by. the hydrofluoric acid
that has been generated around it. A
paste diamond will disappear under
the treatment."
platium-b earing sand always also
yields a certain amount of gold, cop
per -and In varying proportions a cer
tain class of other rare and valuable
metals — iridium, rhodium, palladium,
oaminium and ruthenium, most of which
are found only in the neighborhood of
platinum, j In rare Instances platinum
is found is masses, ranging from the
size of a pigeon's egg to lumps weigh
ing ten pounds or more. The metal
was first found in the gold mines of
Darlen, but its chief source of produc
tion Is in the mines of the Ural Moun
tains. Russia. It is also found In
Brazil and Colombia, South America:
in Santo Domingo, in Canada. In the gold
mines of the island ot Borneo, also in
California and Oregon. The metal ia
used in the manufacture of apparatus
for laboratory use, spatulas, crucibles,
etc., its remarkable power of resisting
the action of acids rendering It of pe
culiar value for these purposes. As it
is not acted jpon by the atmosphere
and Is of very high melting power it ia
in great demand. It is also used in
the photographic process of printing.
It is the most infusible of all metals,
melting only before the oxyhydrosren
blowpipe or in a very pow«yrfiil blast
furnace. Its. fusing point is 3200 de
grees Fahrenheit. Its specific gravity
is 721.5. A cubic inch of . hammered
platinum in 10-1000 of a pound is
.7356; of native platinum. .3737; of
rolled platinum, .7982. It is the heavi
est of all metals known.
PLATINUM— M., Auburn, Cal. Plati
num Is 'found only In its native state,
that Is, not chemically combined with
other elements, but always recognizable
as platinum. It is usually found in small,
glistening, steel-gray granules, and
THE SUNNY SIDE OF LIFE
THE. SAN --FRANGISGO CALL, MONDAY, MAY^22^:l9O5;
,Townsend's,'Cala.*, Glace : Fruits. In ar
tistic \fl re-etched * boxea.l Z 10 ; Kearny st
and new store now open; 767 Market st .*
A HI!*T.
Tom— at the "old maids*
party", they leave; every single
man, a little, flatiron/ ' • -..
Tess— They did that so ; you'd
press your suit." .-.\u25a0-" *
Special i. inrorraation j supplied ' dally » to
business I houses ? and \u25a0 public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's.). 30 Cali
fornia street. .Telephone Main 1042. • -
6Over at El: Carhpo yesterday 1500
persons gathered and 'enjoyed tho sixth
annual picnic and outing of the Veter
an Firemen's Association. Not an un
pleasant incident occurred ; from the
time the pleasure seekers left this city
until; they returned home. ; . Many? of
the veterans who ;; fought fire ;in the
early days of. the San Francisco De
partment were present and renewed
acquaintanceship. £\u25a0;."
r It was' strictly- a famllyT gathering,
there being nearly as many children, on
the; grounds as adults.;; At t the;pavilion
youngr and old enjoyed v themselves lln
dancing-, which was , the^ chief ; amuse
ment of the day. From early morning
until the last* boat: bad- left .the band
was kept busy satisfying ;• clamor; for
more : dances. Valuable -gate prizes
were distributed.
3lerrjr " Catherine; of Pleasure Seekers
Spend a Pleasnnt ' Day About
El Campo Hills.
FIRE? DEPARTMENT VETERANS
HOLD THEIU ANNUAL PICNIC
Witli Impure Drinking Wntcr ,
Ufc'B HORSFORB'S ACID PHOSPHATE—De
stroys'the Rerms of typhoid and other fevers.
Makes a refreshing and cooling summer drink.*
Miss Florence Roach was the guest of
honor recently at a dinner given in hon
or of her coming marriage to John Hob
son. The affair took place in a down
town restaurant, which had been pret
tiry decorated fforr r the occasion. The
young ladies who planned and gave the
affair . were Miss -,< Florence Roach. Miss
Annie Ford, Miss Mary Cooper. Mles Tot
tie Ford. Miss Annie Betkowski. Miss
Jennie Sheridan, Miss Frances O'Brien.
Miss Nellie .'McQiiaide. Miss Rose Egan.
Miss Marguerite Calhoun. Miss Maggie
Flynn and Mrs. ' Rachel Finley. ;
E. A.- Groezinger was -host at a trolley
CLUB TARTIES.
This body will meet-on next Wednes
day night at. 927 Mission street ;for per
manent organization and to map out
the .lines of the • proposed crusade in
which they intend to proceed to carry
out their ideas as to the "restriction of
Japanese labor. .
President. Oscar A. Tveitmoe: secre
tary Building Trades Council: R. L
Wisler, secretary San Francisco Labor
Council; J. B. Bowen. Alameda Building
Trades Council; John 0., Walsh, iron
trades Industry; Charles Nelson, Build
ins Trades Council; C. F. Butte. W. J.
Guilfoyle, E. I. Wolfe. Fred Jantsen. A.
Ilelmne,. improvement clubs; Peter A.
Bcrgerot, French residents; Michael
O'L«»ary. Laborers' Protective Union;
J. MrLaujrhlin. Teamsters' Union; J. C.
Williams. City Front Federation: W. R.
r>avis. Association of Dry Goods Mer
chants; James Graham, marine cooks
and waiters."
The delegates elected bj- the various
labor organizations and improvement
clubs of this city who have for their
object the formation of an organization
to use endeavors to keep the Japanese
laborers out of this country, met yester
day afternoon at 927 Mission street.
The following executive committee, was
appointed:
Will Sleet »s t Wednesday to Map Oat
I'lan." Iloir to Carry Oat
:'•,'" Their Idea's.
AATI-JAPAAKSn CONVENTION'
ELECTS EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE
Mr : and Mrs. H. William Ellicott Jr.
will I give 'up .their i apartments at the
Holal 3ichlieu : in June and reside^ at 251S
Octavlit street.
Mrx George .W. Springer has discon
tinued her day at home for the -season.
Mr. and* Mrs. Adolph Cohn are enter
taining.' their daughter. ° Mrs. Harry S.
Goldberg 1 / of Los Angeles.
Mr." and "Mrs. M. J.;Sahlein announce
the barmltzvah of - their son. David ' S.,
on_ Saturday, May; 20, at the Synagogue'
Sherilh";lsrael. V • •' / .
Misses Carrie and Edith Rosenblatt of
Poiliand t Or., who have been touring in
the United States for the past t w l o years,
left New York Thursday : for Europe.
Mr. , and Mrs. Horace G. Tanner * (Miss
Boyd). vrho have been traveling through
the East for the last year, will sail June
27 i ion New York for Euro;>e.
Dr.rP.iM. 'Ousson of Ean Jose has been
the guest of his daughter, Mrs. George
a. Crux, in' this city, during ''the last
week^ '.\u25a0;.-' ' :\: \ ~ >.'.": ' ;*; * \u25a0'\u25a0 -, . - "\u25a0•\u25a0'.\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0
"\V. M. Saint of Oakland : has returned
from a trip East. Mrs. Saint has re
mained In Memphis,' Term.,' for -a longer
visit, r." - :' •; '.-- V \u25a0 ' _
Miss Theresa Ehrmann has returned
from abroad and will receive Fridays in
the evening. : " v \u25a0
'Mr; arid Mrs. Ixiuis Goodman are re-
Eidingat 1744 Larkin street. :
PKRSOXAI.S.
Boys' race, under fifteen years of age-
First, S. Worth; second, Arthur Kerr;
third. W. Gould. Girls* race, under fifteen
years of age— First, Mattie Ahlf; secoSd.
J. Freizzel; third, K. Watson. Young
men's race — First, J. Samuels; sec
ond. R. G. Bums; third, Dan Wil
liams. Young ladiejs' race^ — First, Miss
C Martin; second. Miss A. Furth;
third. Miss D. F. Bennett. Fat
men's race— First, E. Newlan; second,
Captain, Leahy; third, J. G. Bass. Mar
ried ladifes* race— First, Mrs. L. Holland:
s«*cond, Mrs. R. Jones; third, Mrs. J.
Hennessy. Married men's race — First, D.
Sullivan; Ed Clark; third. J. F.
Murphy. \u25a0 Three-legged race — First, . J.
Murphy and L-.Ducan: second. F. Mc-
Donongn and T. Wald; third. M. Mc-
Donotigh and S. McDonough. Old maids'
race — First, Miss Maud Stevens; second,
Miss G. Johnson; third. Miss F. Plaga
man. Bartenders' race— First. J. Fair
banksz^second, W. Joseph; third, T. Mc-
Dermit. Old men's race— First, S. J.
Pembrook; second, J. Riley; third. Ken
Dougias.
STiell Mound Park was crowded all yes
terday with people at the Fraternal Or
der of Eagles' picnic, where they enjoyed
the games, dancing and shooting. It was
estimated that SOOO attended. Several
special excursion trains besides the regu
lar service were loaded on the many trips
to the park.
More than a thousand prizes were given
vith the gate checks and a specially se
lected list of prizes was awarded to the
successful contestants in the races. These
races were the most amusing part of the
entertainment and attracted crowds .to
the grandstand. The winners of the
events were:
Shell 3lound Picnic Proves
Highly Successful Draw
ing Card.
OUTIXG OP EAGLES
ATTRACTS THOUSANDS
Miss Etta >.eyer was hostess at her
home in San Leandro last Sunday, enter
taining the Ino and Uno clubs. The
members who enjoyed Miss Meyer's hos
pitality w.ere the Misses Tillie Xicnburg,
Alma Thode, Time Mues. Estella Selk.
Edna Wichman, Ella Sanders, Josie
Rahlmann, Ella Stelling, Etta Meyer and
the Messrs. Henry Joost. William Nien
burg, Arthur Thode, Chris Mues, Lorenz
Hansen. Fred Selk, Phil Vogel, R. J
Wood and C' R. Wllkcs.
Miss Lita Tuttle entertained twenty
guests at. a tea in her home, 543 Haight
street, recently. Receiving with the host
ess was Miss Viola Mannell, the other
guests being Helen j Runyon, Marguerite
Morbia. Beth Lawton, Irene Traynor,
Hazel Sullivan, Lo- .'.Me Jackson, Gladys
Harrison, Elizabeth Ripglns, Margaret
Meherin. Zita Stant n, Louise William
son. Amy McLaughlin, May Harrington,
Grace Walker, Helen Joyce, Olga Jung
bluth. Katherine, Bacon, Josephine Coyne,
Evelyn Bridgett and Marguerite Gor
ham
Mrs. C. Bobslen of Hamburg, Germany,
celebrated the eighty-fifth anniversary of
her birth at the home of Mrs. C. Rohde
recently. Many friends were present to
offer congratulations to Mrs. Bobslen.
who was as animated and interested as
the younger guests. Many beautiful
flowers were presented in token of es
teem, the following guests being present:
Mrs. C. Bobsien, Mrs. Ernil Berge, Mrs.
L. Schenck; Joseph. Ferdinand and Tillie
Schenck; Mrs. T. B. Valentine, Mrs. E.
Flach, Mrs. M. yon Dahlern. Mrs. C.
Rohde, Miss M. Rohde and the Misses
Charlotte and Fannie Redlick.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Baumgarten were
the recipients of a surprise party at
their home, SS2U Olive avenue, last week.
With much merriment in singing and
dancing the evening was passed most
successfully, the participants being Mr.
and Mrs. Joseph Baumgarten, Mr. and
Mrs." Julius Baumgarten, Mr. and Mrs.
T. Canty, Mr. and Mrs. N. Lindenbaum,
Mr. and Mrs. L Zeph, Mr. and Mrs. H.
L. Springer. Mr. and Mrs. F. Hager, Mrs..
J. Klee, Mrs. C. Diebert, Mrs. •M. Me-
Kenna, Miss L. Baumgarten, Miss P.
Baumgarten. Miss L. Meyer, Miss L.
Klee, Miss R. Klee. Miss R. Jacobs. Miss.
S. Lasky, Messrs. Herman Baumgarten.
W. Baumgarten. Harry Baumgarten, L.
Diebert, B. Gutman, E. Hunter, T. Canty
and A. Springer.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Lazansky entertained
forty guests at their home in Berkeley
on the evening of May 11. This conclud
ed for the season a series of gatherings
that have been held by Mr. and Mrsl La
zansky. '
"Miss Irene Hildebrand was given a
pleasant birthday party on the afternoon
of May 13 by her parents at their home,
529 Lombard street. The time quickly
passed under the spell of dancing and
games, these guests being present: Mr.
and Mrs. Hiidebrand. Mr. and Mrs. Kihn,
Mrs. Cook, Mr. and Mrs. Hartmann, Miss
Florence Cornell. Miss Helen Heyer, Miss
Irene Heyer, Miss Irene Hildebrand, Miss
Naomi Hiidebrand, Miss Edna Beal, Miss
Rose Pitts. Miss Julia Cook, Miss Ber
nfee Staples, sliss Lulu Band, Miss Alga
Disbus. G. Kahle. W. Wiggins E. Wig
gins. H. Kihn. A. Kihn, L. Cook. Miss
M. Theiss and Miss A. Thelss.
HOME PAHTIES.
The wedding of Miss Minnie Kleebauer
and Raymond F. Knick took place May
6 at 10S4 Bush street. Rev. . C. F. Miller,
D. D., performing the ceremony. The
bride was gowned in champagne silk and
point lace. The guests included Mrs. Le
setta Kleebauer, Mr. and Mrs.- ; Bair, Mr.
and Mrs. Emlle Louis, Miss Rosie Klee
bauer, Mrs. E. Sodtman, Mrs. H. Hinkle,
Miss Dora Knick, : Mr. and Mrs. Robert
Earth, Mrs. Louise Ronkier, Mrs. Anna
Wlcht, Mrs. Emma Sterrett, Mr. and
Mrs. Bernard Kleebauer, Miss Frieda
Kleebauer, Miss M. Willie. C. V. Miller.
Charles P. Kleebauer, Oscar Lippman
and Ray Downy.
Mrs. Council Goodell announces the
marriage of j her daughter, Katherine
Irene, to George Monroe Dennis April
26 at San Andreas. Mr. and Mrs. Dennis
will make. their home at McCloud, where
they will receive.
WEDDINGS.
Mrs. Eva I* Licht announces the en
gagement of her niece. Miss ' Janette An
shel, to Israel Skootsky. A reception will
be held from 2 to 5 o'clock Sunday, May
2S, at 1235 Ellis street.
ENGAGEMENTS.
The purchase price for the Sutter- street
property it is said was to" be $275,000, and
with the stipulation that the congrega
tion* maintain the right to worship in the
present temple for two years, the time
which It will take to erect the new edi
fice. .
At the meeting yesterday the old board
of directors was re-elected and it was
resolved to reincorporate." This will give
a clear way to allow of the sale of the
temple and the adjoining: lot.
The board of directors is constituted as
follows: Raphael Peixotto, Jacob Greene
baum, Henry Wangenheim, Joseph Naph
taly, Simon Silverburg, Lipman Sachs,
Philip Lippitt, Simon Newman.* L W.
Hellman Jr. and Julius Jacobs.
A meeting was held yesterday at the
Congregation Temple Emanu-El, Sutter
street, for the purpose of electing di
rectors and reincorporatlng. The temple
was^ Incorporated In ISSO. and the legal
life \u25a0' of the corporation- having expired
the 'trustees were not authorized to dis
pose of the property, as had been con
templated.
After the congregation had determined
to sell a purchaser, was found through
Reuben H. Lloyd, and It was then that
the discovery was made that the legal
life of the corporation had expired and
consequently the sale had to 'be post
poned. . .
The Papyrus Club will close the club
year with an entertainment to be given
In Elks' Hall on Thursday, May 3, at
•J-.20 p. m. Miss Ella V. McCloskey, chair
can of the programme committee,, will
have charge cf the day, and she has ar
ranged one of the most interesting pro
grammes the club has ever given— which
te saying much. The following members
w«?re elected at the last meeting, Thurs
dBy. May U. to serve the club is its of
ficers for the ensuing year: President,
Mrs. W. S. Leake; first vice president,
The Susan B. Anthony Club met Mon
day. M;ty 13. at 2 p. m. Rt the residence
of Mrs. MacCann. 2790. Pine street. An
addreeui en the American woman was
emitted on account of Mrs. MacGrotty's
Illness. But the women present seemed
to know her pretty well. The next meet
ing will be held at Mrs. Hood's. 14H
California street," on' Mrs. Lissak's invita
tion Monday, June IS. at 2 p. m. Among
those present were Mrs. E. C. Campbell.
Mrs. M. W. Andrews. Mrs. E. Bendixsen,
Miss L. Atkinson. Mrs. J. S. Sartelle.
Mrs. E. G. Fletcher. Mrs. Mary Sperry,
Mrs. G. W. Pring'e. Mrs. A. H. Lissak.
Mrs. Charles Woog. Mrs. J. B. Rider,
Mrs. L. McCann, Mrs. E. C. Sargent.
Mrs. Isabel Baldwin, Dr.. B. M. North
ingrton. Dr. A. Avery. Miss McCann.
The Association of Pioneer Women of
California will hold its annual picnic at
Piedmont Psrk on the 27th of May.
• • •
As a Fp^oial gue^t of honor. Mips Lil
lian Albertson. the stunning leading
woman In the "Jed Prouty" company,
will be pr*>eent«?d to fhe' ladies, many of
v horn remember her as a pretty and pre
cocious child about six years ago.
The success of this pretty California
piri In winning leading roles in less than
four years has made of her something of
a heroine.
Th» California Club meets to-morrow
to wind ur> ltd ofT.ti.il and social busi
ness for th"; year.
But don't forgpt to meet this charmin?:
Mrs. Coe. who has this matter of a New
Engl&nd rodeo very much at heart.
M
Chairman of Colonies.
Chairman of Membership Committee N\ S. K.
Town State
Moth«r*t father's name
Mother's lather's birthp1ace.. ................
Toys State
Mother's raothrr'm maiden came
Mother's mother's birthplace
Torn State
f*r«»r<r*»r -
pon-onal signature of feme rarcnber of Colony.
v^ochT ;
Personal signature of Fome member of Colony.
Father's father' 6 name...
Father's father* birthr-lace
Xwa* T °" rn Sla "
Father* mother's maiden n*nie
Father's mother's birthplace
Mother's maiden name.
Mother's birthplace
Town State
ITsu-ber.d** rerne
Husb&sd'e birthplace
Father-, name VS.. ".T....
Father** birthplace
These ladies and about ten others
\u25a0will lunch -with Mrs. Coe to-day at the
6t. Francis, waere the reception to New
England women will be held later in
th« parlors of the hotek
If you are eligible to membership In
the new society, fill out this blank just
for practice, and present a legitimate
blank to Mrs Coe at your earliest con
venience:
Christian ua»
Aodreaa
Ejrttp'Ace
However, such elements as these are
not likely to creep into any body whose
personnel numbers such level-headed
women as Mrs. Aylett Cotton. Mrs. L.
A. Kelley, Mrs. Prank Fredericks. Mrs.
E. Y. Pinney, Mrs. Robert Wallace,
Mrs. Cyrus S. Wright, Mrs. Scott, Mrs.
Fernando Pfingst, Mrs. John Ellis
Tucker and Miss Jennie Partridge.
But, seriously, such an organization
has it In its power to wield a large in
fluence. It s:a>- foster an interest in the
history of their' forefathers and the
country in which they settled. It may
create an interest In preserving historic
relics and records and legends and
thereby lay the foundation for an in
telligent patriotism.
But there is this to fear in such a
body — that patriotism be dwarfed into
provincialism; that reasonable pride of
ancestry — over which we exercise no
control and therefore for which we de
serve no credit — become a phase of
snobbery, and therefore a slap in the
face of the sacredest things America
stands for.
flf you are and can prove it you are
idden to a reception given at the St.
Francis this alternoon by Mrs. Henry
•S. Coe of New York, who is touring the
country with the Tsayes and Incidental
ly rounding up the natives of New Eng
land that they may form themselves
into an organization. These are essen
tially the days of organization for
women. They are gathered together
under banners of religion, dries, cards,
cultcre, lineage and a dozen and one
other alleged causes.
Under the lineage classification there
are already a bevy of bodies, notably
;b© Daughters of the American Revolu
tion, the Colonial Dames and. the
Daughters of the Confederacy, each
\u25a0with their distinctive features and each
of the first organizations preying upon
the, rolls of the other. And as a result
some naughty things are said and done
in both camps.
But that is neither here nor there In
the matter of the new organization,
namely, the Society of New England
Women. These good ladies may be of
the peaceable sort, and if they keep
their minds in as good order as they
do their homes, sweet peace will reign
in the new society — and here's to It —
likewise to the handsome projenltor,
Mrs. Coe. And may their family Jars
be of a type to make a good newspaper
story. Amen!
Are yon a New England woman?
A reception was given by the Irving
Club at Utopia rooms. Miss Juliet Gren
lnger president, on Thursday. May IS.
The occasion-was in honor of Past Pres
ident Mrs. L. R. loiitle, and - the senior
class of Irving Institute. An Interesting
\u25a0 orogramme was . riven by Misses E.
Price and J. Lyons and Mrs. C. Chip
chase. The following officers were in
stalled: l^esident. Miss Ethelurpe Mar
rack; vice president. Miss Helene Speyer;
secretaries, Mrs. O. Schiller and Mrs.
Wohlander; treasurer, Miss J. Lyons; dl
rcetors. Misses Greninger and Leary, Mrs.
N. P. Cole Jr. and Mrs. Chipchase.
• . •
The following ladles propounded toasts
at the request of Mrs. I. Lowenberg.
toastmistres: "Worries," Mrs. Emilia To
jetti; "Jingles." A*rs. F. Brandt; "Insp'ia
tion." Mrs. John Martinonl; "Clothes,"
Mrs. Dorville Libby; "Clubs," Mrs. O.
V. Thayer; "Our President," Mrs. G. W.
Merrill.
The Laurel Hall Club's breakfast was
just what it was supposed to be— a clever
and Interesting affair.
There is no denying that many club
breakfasts 1 end . luncheons are dull—dead
ly dull— and the toasts— well, sure
that the club husbands must write them,
they hit so far from the mark.
But not bo the Laurel Hall folk— the
wit is woman's, and It's Johnny-on-the
spot wit.
The Philomath Club, Mrs. Julius Kahn
president, will hold the last meeting of
the club year to-day, and a worth while
programme is promised.
• • •
Mrs. VLouise Battles; second vice presi
dent, Mrs. . Charles C. Judson; re-cord
ing secretary. Miss M. Driscoll;- cor
responding secretary, Mrs. James H.
Borland; Treasurer, Mrs. . Kathryn Day
Boyns; directors, Mrs. C. Mason Kinne,
Mrs. W. H. Brown, Mrs. S. W. Backus,
Miss Anna Hadsell and Mrs. Henry Berg
stein.
LAURA BRIDE POWERS
Will Worship in Grand Old
Edifice on Sutter Street
Until New One Is 'Ready
AIRS. HENRY. S. COE A HOSTESS
' Wed*dings are quiet and not at all prom
inent in the social schedule, while the
record , for the Immediate future shows
but one.
Many affairs in club circles have oc
curred during the past week, and that
particular horizon Is bright for ' the \u25a0 fu
ture. - A few strictly home functions push
their heads into view, but the general
tendency toward amusement lies in the
organized bodies.
* • •
Thr Bush-street Temple is holding an
interesting fair at the ; Mechanfcs' 'Pa
vilion, having opened last Saturday even
ing, to continue all this week. There
are venous booths and speniu! pro
grammes each night. California Booth
of 1?43 contains some very Interesting fea
tures. -
There will be matinees Wednesday and
Friday.
"The Burglar"— Mrs. John Burton. Miss
Annie de Bell; Miss Valeric Armsby, Miss
Perle Burns; Mrs. Charles Dover, Miss
Katherine Ranken; Miss Freda Dixon.
Miss , Florence Young; Miss Edith Brent,
Mlssl Mabel ; Selig. '.:. iZ, -~ : ~~ ..-.'.. -
"Her Only Fault*—D r. Strnnd, a phy
sician, ;ii. J. Hall: I Mrs. Strand. Miss
Marian Norton; Uncle; Bliffer, Albert
Hanna; Kitty,-; a maid, Miss Para Me-
Man us. ,_ ' :
The \u0084 entertainment will be augmented
by monologues'' and sketches by .William
J. Hynes. with other, numberj by Miss
Bertha Wadham and the Osborn Mando
lin Club. / :.:••':'
The San Francisco Children's Orphan
age will hold 'a . benefit in Lyric Hall,
Wednesday evening. May 3L
There will be three short comedies pre
sented by the following people: "Petti
coat Perfidy"— Mrs. Norwood Jones. Miss
Annie de Bell; Mrs.: Mount Trevor,' Miss
Adele Blood: Juliet, a maid, Miss Flor
ence Young.
The Ideal Club will hold Its first social
meeting on the evening of June 13 in'the
T. M. C. A. building. Musical and liter
ary numbers will constitute t-:e chief en
tertainment. The officers are Mrs. Ber
tha Brosius, presid^n{; Miss Estello La
bell, secretarj'-treasurer.
Mrs. Malcolm- Johnson entertained the
members of the Junior Our Club on the
evening of May 13.~The clubrooms, at 1424
Jones ( street, . prettily decorated -in
boughs, flags and lanterns, were very at
tractive and filled with happy lads, who
invited several young ladies to complete
the evening's enjoyment. Dancing at 8
o'clock commenced wkh a march, led by
Malcolm Johnson and Mles Ruth Wet
more. Supper ' was served at 10 o'clock,
the large round table being very attrac
tive with its dressing of roses and red
fairy lamps. The members and - guests
were Perdy Blumenthal, Paul Wetmore,
Kenneth Watson, Martie Detels, George
Wolfe. Willie Miller, Earl Myers. Joseph
Deane. Charles Wetmore, ": Malcolm John
son, the Misses Rtrth | Wetmore, Gladys
Blumenberg, Carrie Sanford, Laura San
ford, Annie Wetmore, Pearl Holle, Daisy
Holle, Josie Hockworth, Agnes Muff,
Margrette Theddy, Martha Strauss, Ber
nice Bowman, Estelle de Ferra and Helen
Johnson.
The JoUy Fellows' Social Club held its
monthly outing Sunday. May 14. at Camp
Taylor. Upon returning to San Francisco
the club gave a dinner at a downtown
restaurant.
The Servian-Montenegrin Literary and
Benevolent Society entertained at a ban
quet recently In honor of the ''twenty
fifth anniversary of their organization.
An entertainment was afterward given
in Native Sons 1 Hall, with the following
programme:-
Ovtrtura ...;....'.. .Fabris' orchestra.
Address by pree1dent. .......... . E. • T. ' Ballch
Vocal tn\9. ..p. w. Thompson
Addre55. ........ ...... ... .V. C. Vecld. M. D.
"Greetings to 5pring*'.......". ........ .Strauss
Knickerbocker ; Male Quartet.
M0n010gue. . .... . ; ...... . . . . .Mrs. O. Zenovlch
National 50n»5. .... .Croatian Tamburica Club
"Annie Laurie'*......... .Dudley Buck
Knickerbocker Quartet.
"A Ixjve Letter," a farcical comedy in one
aCt \u25a0 ' \V '-\u25a0-.\u25a0';- :•\u25a0 ..-.\u25a0 .:;= \u0084 . /
Vasa \naich, M. D... ..Marko Matcovlch
Maria, wife of \ldlch Mrs. O. Zenovlch
Evlca. sleter of Vidlch Miss A. Petrovlch
Milan,'" lover of Ev1ca.....; J.N. Lepetlch
Laza Drazlch,, attorney at law. .E. T. Balich
Sofia, wife of Drazich Miss M. Mllojevich
Jovan, Vldich's servant ....S Hamovich
Place — Xovl Sad. . ; VJdlch's house.
- - - - * < ~ * - a \u25a0\u25a0"-\u25a0.-'
party last Thursday evening, chartering
the Hermosa ; and serving supper at the
beach. The guests were Mr. and Mrs. , I*
"YVamser, Mr. and ; Mrs. Pease, Judge and
Mrs. Hull, Mr. and Mrs. Bouton, ,Mr. and
MrH. Augustus . Radke, Mr." and ' Mrs. Os
car Hocks, Mr. and Mrs. Christensen,
Miss Becker, M!ss Louterwasser and Mr.
LAten.
OBSTACLE SET ASIDE
Summer Days Allure Successfully While
Cupid Enjoys Leisure.
\Vomen of New England Ances
i try to Form Organization.
Congregation of the Temple
Emanu-El Elects Directors
and Votes to Eeincorporate
HOME AFFAIRS IN MINOR IT
CLUB EVENTS LEAD
SOCIAL DOINGS:
NEW SOCIETY
TO BE CREATED
MAY SOON SELL
7
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; ; MONDAY/: 'MAY 22, 1005.
AMUSE3IEXT3.
"Hesitate, Rupert, Hesitate!"
CEGIV.MXG
TO-NIGHT
The Great Musical Comedy Success,
THE
Book bj^RichanJ Car!?. Maslc by H. L- Heartr
.\JLGME»TEa> COMPAXY
JFIRST AJPPEARANCE
CII.\ R r.ES A. MORGAN : .
iLVRRY.COXLO.V
ZITA LO\*ELL
And
JfELUE LY.\CH
Grand Beauty Chorus
FIRST TIME AT POPULAR PRICES
25c, 50c, 75c
0.V1.V .MATI.NEE SATURDAY
This Theater Doe* Xot Advertise la the
. Hvenlns: Bulletin.
>CAUFORNIA^
IKdwarJ Ackerman. Lessee &. Ma&a^er. g
THIS AVEEK H
Frederic Be!asrx> Presents • 3
FLORENCE I
ROBERTS I
.. In Jlkj Powerful Emoticnal Drama, g
1 THE UNWELCOME MfcS. HATCH I
1 By Mrs. Burton Harrison. • w\
2 MATS. V«'En.VESDAT * SATURDAY. \u25a0
j XEXT SITXDAT NIGHT— MISS a
a ROBERTS In her Great Character. 32
I THE COUNTRY OIRL- U
1 This Theater Does* Xot Advertise §
ej^ | io the Krrnin^ nulletln. -m
>e "t'> * **a » - . ». • ' ~ - ~v £?
i*££ S S3 SO i^f a a as f asia»
THIS WEEK— MATTNEE SAT.
The . Itomantlc Slujlns Comedian.
**«*; OLCOTT
- In His Latest Dramatic Success.
A ROMANCE OF ATHLONE
\ By Austistus ; Pltou. '. Manaxer.
Hear Olcotffi Songs- i -"Kate Kearney.'* "My
Wild .-Irish Rose." "When Song is Sweet."
and "Th« Irish Swell."
" -TSATE; at this theater Sunday arternoon.
r »xt I!um:ay_JOll\ DREW.
In -The ..Duke or KUUcrankie.~
Tltli Theater Doen Sot Advertise la the
- Kven!ac Bnlletls.'
Geneial Manajer.
Phone "Alcazar."
Prices— Eve.. 25c to 75c. Mats. 25c to 50c.
TO-NIGHT. ALL WEEK. MATS. SAT.'* SCN.
The Latjsfcable Farce Comedy Starred to by
Willie CoUier.
A FOOL AND
HIS MONEY
Byj GEORGE H. BROADHURST.
"One Ions" laugh."—??. T. -Wf>rld.
May 29— "MISTAKES WILL HAPPEN."
In : preparation. "TENNESSEE'S PARDNER."
Thi» Then ter I)uf« .Not Ailvertlae 10 ibe
Cveulnsr Balletia. '
Market SC; near Eighth. Poios Santa 533. I
TO-NIGHT. ALI. THIS .WEKK. MATS. SAT- 1
.-: -tTRDAT and SUNDAT. -
The Best Comedy Drama _ Ever Written.
15e Coiivict's
Daughter
Brimful or Excitement.''. Strong- Situations and
>r. . Realistic Scenic . Effects. •
PRICES— Eye.. 10c to"30c : Mats. : 10e.15c f 33c.
This Theater jpjoe«?f»t Advertise lo the
'. '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0ETOBlnc Balletia. ".. -
, AA/.T.HESS, "
Notary I»ubllo and Attornfy.at-Ijn.
Tenth Floor. Koom 1015. Claua sprockets hklz
MKBKSKf&i*' Telephone- Main 952. ,
Residenc*.' 1602 McAllister st-
. Residence Telephone Pace Mil.' ' * .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TKE CHANGE OF LIFE
IHTELLIGENTWOHEN PREPARE
DB3ff©rs and Pain of This Critical Period
Avoided by the Use of Lydla E. Pink-
cam's Vegetable Compound.
<B\ ii \u25a0ES^asa-u»}J How many wo
r fc^jWSWfft?;?^ ' men realize that
If >y ;:^y^jpt^t\ '^ I the most critical
n 'Jsz/GgS^' - J"*^'' « period in a wo-
lf WfEJf /^*'g \£M \ nian's existence
n Icf^^. 4ry J life, and that the
Wp^^^^^^^^-t B / time draws near
\AinAE.G Hylan<i.u is . not without
;. • .- : ....... • . : reason ?
If her system is in a deranged condi-
tion, or she is predisposed to apoplexy
or congestion of any organ, it is at this
time likely to become active and, with
a host of nervous irritations, make life
a burden.
At this time, also, cancers and tumors
are more liable to begin "their destruc-
tive work. Such warning symptoms as
a sense of suffocation, hot flashes, diz-
ziness, headache, dread of impending
evil, sounds in the ears, timidity,. pal-
pitation' of -the heart, sparks before
the eyes, irregularities, constipation,
variable appetite, weakness and inqui-
etude, are promptly heeded, by intelli-
gent women who are approaching the
period of -life when A woman's great
change may be expected.
L>dia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound is the, world's greatest remedy
for women at this trying period, and
may be relied upon to overcome all dis-
tressing symptoms and carry them
safely through to a healthy and happy
old age.
§ Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound invigorates and strengthens the
female 'organism, and builds up the
weakened nerrous system as no other
medicine can. " :. .
Mrs A. E. G. Hylaua, of Chester-
town, Md.| in a letter to Mrs. Pink-
ham, says:
Dear Mrs. Pinkhara:—
"I had been suffering with falling of the
womb for years end was passing through the
chance of fif e. . My \u25a0womb was badly swollen.
I hadn good deal of sorenes?, dizzy spells,
headaches, and was very . ntjrvous. I wroto
you" for advice and commenced treatment
with Lydia E. Pinkhana's Vegetable Com-
pound as you directed, and I am happy to say
that all those distressing symptom* left me,
and I have passed safely through the change
of life a well woman."
.'\u25a0; For special aidviee regarding this im-
portnnt period wbmen are invited to
write to Mrsl Pinkham . for advice. It
is free and always helpful.
f Perfect Fitting AffS
GLASSES W\
,$2;50 f*
Broken Lsnses re- - V^ 1
placed 50c
Los Angeles Times
San Francisco Office
is located' fci" ",".'\u25a0 .-
ROOM 10. CEKOSXCXa: SXTUJSTSO
ASTHUH li. FISH. Eepreseatative -
If : you .would do " etTective; advertising
In the Southwest drop a line to the above
address or. telcj?lioii« SCatn j 1472," and our
representative", will " be ' pleased •to call oa,
you ?\u25a0 with ' full information *as " to "' rates. •
etc. - \u25a0:"'": •\u25a0\u25a0• - "TinrrT l, nfliiijiiilt
';-•: THH i SUNDAY TIMES, with 35-page
magazine. $2.6(r a year^byfniail.' ' '
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7;
: -'Z QUAKAHTEED CtTRS w- T OS MEW.
2AXMXJ3SB INJECTION. Cures ordinary
cases \u25a0 in sa* few ; da ys.**> Warranted \u25a0 to 'cure
worst cases.;' WO \u25a0 OTHE3 TEE ATSCEITT
KEQTTIBEO. Prevents : and > Cures ' Stric-
tures. Pstß VENTS I CONTAGION. Harm-
less. : <2.00 'for. both i bottles." For- sal? only
P. S. ' yKT.TtY^S fHfISMftCT.' 103 ; Eddy.
Weak Men aid Women
SUOVIJ) iuBK j DAMIANAf BITTERS. iTHsT
Great .Mexican Remedy; give* holth «nd
•irenjth \to ; sexual j orc&ns. \ DebOt.' 323 Marluu
AMUSEMENTS.
LYRIC HALL
121 EDDT STREET.
May— 22— 23— 24.
i Monday— Tuesday — Wednesday
! 3:30 o. m.
Moving Picture anil Sterecpticon
LECTURE
On the Subject at ,
WELFARE WORK
Jost Returned From Europe.
Enroute to Portland Exposition.
Interested and Entertained Over 12.C00.0Q0
Visitors to
"WORLD'S FAIR AT ST. LOCTS.
A lecture of Interest alike to employer and
employe. Official arsd Subordinate — Boas and
Laborer. Showing bow "IT PATS" to exteztd
unusual courtesies to the 3000 employes of
. the
NATIONAL CASH REGISTER CO..
1 DAYTON. OHIO.
Admission I>T Invitation * only.
Cards gladly fur&ished on application "to
the Company's Local Office. 14 Turk «t.
DELLA FOX;
."Uahellp Ada mi; De Oaxo Brothers}
I Chas. H.- BURKE &. LA RUE— Grace
And Their -ISICP' Boy*t
, Henri French; Harry and Halxers; John
Birch j 0.-pheum Motion Pictures
Shnnlas -The Moon's Lover." and
EMMETT CORRICAN (Si, CCv
Present iae "Jekyll and Hyde In Twenty
Minutes."
Regular ilatinees Every \u25a0Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prlcee — 10c. 25c, 60c
This Theater Doen Sot Advertise In the
, Evening Bulletin.
GRAND Sol^i
BARGAI.X MATI>EE WEDXESDA) 1
Best E?3t« -25 Cent*.
FLORENCE STONE
AND
DICK FERRIS
In Ferdinand Grahame's Comedy Drama of
Army Pest Life.
WAY OUT WEST
First Time In This City.
Special' Summer Prices. 15c. 23c. 50c
Bargain Matinees — Wed.. Sat. and Sun-
Next Sunday Matinee — "The Holy City."
This Theater Does Sot Advertise ' fat
the Evenlnjc Bulletin. V
BUSCH-DEVZRJE TRIO
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
• . and Eveniajc la- the Theater.
SEETHE JOHXSTOWX FLOOD.
CHARL£!S BIGNH V. World's Cbamptcn High
;K«K \u25a0 Diver.
RIDE OX THE CIRCLE SWIXG.
2 BABY TIGERS IS THE ZOO.
Amateur Ai^ht Thnrsday.
Contmenerac Saturday Matlaee. 3lay 27.
For 4 Afternfjoaa and Evening Only,
CLEOPATRA UP-TO-DATE.
ADMISSION lCc 1 CHILDREN... 3qT
This Theater Does >ot Advertise in th«
Evening Bulletin. ' i
WEBER ? S...
MUSIC HALL
121-127 Mason St.
W. H. WEBER. Manaiter.
On Account et Alterations Not Having
been : Completed the Openins Per-
formance will be Postooned until ,
THURSDAY, May 2 5
THE
PALACE
HOTEL
A series of popular recitak
from the works of the best
composers 13 being given on
the pipe organ, supported by
an orchestra', in the Palm Gar-
den twice daily.. from 12:30 to
> 2:30, and from 6:30 to 9.
Weekly Gall, $1 Per tear
Reductions.. \^f3r Rore Savings
A Week of Wonderful
Bargains
i Every Smt in Our Stock Has Been
Marked Down for This Sale
See the $15.00 Suits at - - - $10.00
Sec Die $2150 Svfls at - - -$15.00
See the $30.00 Suits at - - -$2250
Sec the $35.00 Suits at - - - $25.00
See the $4750 Suits at - - -$35.00
Styles are all desirable — sonse of them are
the last ones oat.
Fabrics include Panama Cloths, Cheviots.
Broadcloths. Voties, Etatoines, Taffetas and
Coverts.
j -rrrr ... Colors are the choicest of the season.
, These suits were very reasonably priced originally, and we de-
sire to Rive special emphasis to v the fact that they haven't a fault
of an" kind to detract from their value. The reductions are made
simply as an inducement for you to help us make this the banner
month of our suit department.
|t» £ Beantifid Net Waists $5. White with d* C
Jk colored designs- -also solid white, cream and but- !^^
%^, ter. Cannot he duplicated elsewhere under $730
We would be pleased to show you the many special values in our
Waist and Petticoat Departments. Will you come?
Need anything in millinery? Now is the time of all times to
buy. Every hat we own must 20 this month. And prices have been
reduced— prodigiously. Lots of beauties to choose from. This sea-
son's styles, of course. ,
\u25a0 SpmetlimgNew: |^^^^fe :
Quadruple .-.'\u25a0'lSllJgißj^--.
Rock Enameled Ware
Enough for Three Days' Selling. s ';
Rock Enameled.Ware hasan extra heavy steel body, covered;
.with four layers of enamel. It is the - handsomest -and \u25a0' most 'dur-
a^ c ? riame ' e d Ware ever produced.'. The outride color is shaded
terracotta and the, inside delicateVpeariygray. '.'..'
- A purchase : of the 4 manufacturer'sXsample Hnej enables t us to:
offer these highest _: class! goods for * less than \ the regular price \u25a0of
cheaper grades.'^*tWJ£sßG&£S§££j--''" ' *-\u25a0\u25a0 * \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0. ' '::\u25a0" ; : -^'"^fiS^^v
Thereare not'more' than:: 12* pieces of each- kind,' so come>
: for your choice. "* ' *""
/Goods are now on display in our Bushrstreet windows. Sale!
v begins, tx>day.\ . - - . ,"".-.', \'
{ 12Z-IS2, SUTTER ST. -\3
\u25a0 \u25a0. \u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0'. ; - V ;V; \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•' ; ,; ' : '.y .".>' :3 .v.- ; " : ,r.' ; ."fT ":3 \u25a0,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 -.'"\u25a0v'v-.'ii
POgTgM^ CEREAJj.^
I Big Change Inside |
JpostumJ
9 replaces COFFEE.' for. § ;
t| Postuin is a cuick re- fi j
builder. sj j
I Try it 10 days and §
.1 note the change. |THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY; MAY 22, 1905.
8
A— CAMERON & C 0..'.'..... .'.'. . . . .Phone South 1060.
3 . Eddy et. ; cor. Market'- and • Powell. . ~
Headquarters for air kinds of business chances.
"A— Wanted, first-class ." real estate ; man i with
some money . to take charge of the \ realty de-
partment in old established real estate office.
city; must ' have ; best \u25a0\u25a0 of - reference and ex-
perience. See CAMERON & CO. .
A — For sale, 100 to 500 genuine Imported homer
pigeons from \u25a0 Plymouth," Mass. ? See CAM- :
ERON & CO.' '
A— Family liquor store and bar;. fine. location;
long lease; well stocked; good .fixtures;
. : everything- strictly ' first-class; . price ' $3000..
See CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy &t.
A— $800 ; first-class grocery and f family liquor
. store; good • location,' \u25a0 where . you \u25a0 can \u25a0 clear
$250 per month over all. expenses: double the
money ip sight. CAMERON & CO-:' " '
SAN» FRANCISCO .. BARBER. SHOP BX-
CHANGE. Offices with Western Realty Co.
1007 Vi Marlret st.-".-' Phone - Folsom 2946. :
The following are a few of our bargains^
4-chair shop, downtown, • $90 per week. $650.-
2-chair \u25a0 shop, \ near - City . Hall.- $275. . \u25a0 ;-. &(.£*
3-chalr water front shoo,- $650. \u25a0 . .-...-,
4-chair shop on Mission st..' ssoo. •"''\u25a0'\u25a0• ''}'\u25a0••£
>-chair shop with, living rooms, $225. - .
2-chair .water front shop. $150. :
Full particulars of barber shops 1007% >Cnrt.
24 ROOMS, good furniture; transient..'.:. sl4oo
8 rooms. Geary; pleasant h0me:......'. • 350
, 60 rooms. Mission St.; man house.... •••\u25a0£SS
40 rooms, north of Market; low rent.... 1200
44 rooms on Market 5t....... ..••-..-'.*•\u25a0 22°0
Hotels, summer resorte. business of all Kinds
sold and. exchanged. Money loaned on furni-
ture. \u25a0 • \u25a0' . •\u25a0 •••-\u0084 . -'\u25a0 \u25a0'^ \u25a0 ' : -
EITEL St CARROLL. 212 Kearny Bt. ,
AT a bargain— A large 11-rery and feed stable,
with living rooms and : storeroom i attached,
in one of the beat towns on this coast.
J. W. JAQUITH & CO..
878 James Flood building. \u25a0 \u25a0
$275— CORNER CIGAR STORE.
'.: -.:>\u25a0«'\u25a0 THREE YEARS' LEASE."
Fullest investigation before buying.
EUREKA REALTY CO.. 1118 Market. \u25a0
FOR sale — Half - interest in one of the leading
- wbo"etsale commission houses in this city:
butter, eggs, poultry and \u25a0 cheese the i main
factors; also large handlers of dried fruits,
honey, etc.; fine trade; will bear the strictest
investigation; active partner. Box 2772. Call.
$500 TO $800 to invest with services; also
willing to assume reasonable . amount in ,an
. established business . by young business man;
competent In • office or ' works ; highest ref er-
ence given and \u25a0 required. .Box. 5104.^ Call.'
PARTY . wanted with $5000 or more to start
building proposition; I -possess myx.thnber
4&nd right at lot; . stock of \u25a0 all. kinds -. of
hardwood for office and furniture making;
guarantee good enterprise. Box -5168, Call.
CANDY and ! ice cream parlor. I located , on * one
of the best streets -in Oakland, : to 1 be sacri-
ficed -on account of -sickness; ; price — $175.
MITCHENER & BARTON, 916 Broadway.
Oakland.. ;. \u25a0 „\u25a0 \u0084. ' - .'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•;.- - ?
GREAT bargain;. mechanical show. of a'minia-
•ture city and- worklnsr world; -Just the thing
for a store show, street fair or park. • Ad-
dress Mechanic, box 4759. Call office.
IDORA V PARK carnival, ,two. weeks,*: com-
mencing Monday. June 5. For privileges and
concessions apply 'JAS. ""PILLING, j Idora
Park, Oakland. - . .- •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 - - - • • - •*".
FIRST-CLASS cigar store for sale; good:loca-
tion ; good business; . 3-year lease ; must sell
on . account of ' other business. - 1007: Broad-
way. Oakland. •" \u25a0 \u25a0*"\u25a0•:.' :.'\u25a0 ''\u25a0>'\u25a0\u25a0 '
APARTMENT-HOUSE. 70. rooms, . partly • fur-
nished; modern in every. respect;. most select
part of city; no. agents.'* 80xi5171," Call. \u25a0
LADY partner ! wanted for - first-class . restau-
rant: half-interest with Cslso cash; letters
O. K. Box 2709, Call.. ' .>'\u25a0'\u25a0-
GROCERY, and general merchandise store - for
sale. M. S. MACHADO. San Pablo. CaL' :
MODERATE cum | to : help .: develop prospect- tn
Nevada; \u25a0 fine showing. '.- Box 47t54.-Call. • V \u25a0
YOUR lot 1 : surveyed, $7 50. :J. \u25a0a: ADAMS.
' U. S. Deputy Mineral' Surveyor,". 115 • Eighth.
FOR sale^ — Cheap; : grocery, liquor, . br. bakery,"
notion store; living rooms. 290 Crescent aye.
BRANCH bakery- wanted; price about - $200.
Leave particulars; at 235 Kearny st., room 14.1 4.
I WANT to buy a good \u25a0 paying "barber shop.
Address box 1977. Call office. '\u25a0-' \u25a0 .
5400 — GROCF.RY: large stock; \u25a0 cheap ' rent; \u25a0 5
living rooms, i 2931 Sixteenth \ st. ; no • agents.
GOOD fruit store;, sold '-on ; account -of 'other
burfnese; price $120. > Box 2749, Call office, v *.
$50 MONTHLY; stfeady man wanted with $150;
duties light. Apply 235 Kearny st. --'.",
WANTED — Woman partner - with $250; t tend
store and 'cash. Address box 4326,. Call. -.;.
LAUNDRY t plant for -sale; lease : with power.
SPECK. 2132 Folsom st. - - \u25a0 :• .-v
CARPET-BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRF.SSED Air and Vacuum- Process i used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;,
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at chop; prices moderate.' S. f V.- Com-
pressed Air i Cleaning Company, 308 . Market
St.; phene Main 152 and Bush 479. .•• •.*:\u25a0.:•
WHEN you become disgusted with your, work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. Tel. South. 4o. ;
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1800 Har- i
rison st. ; Al , cleaning, . 3c: \u25a0 ' : FRED .' HAGE- I
PORN & CO.: phone Mission 225. - . j
CARPETS clean., fit.,' lay. 530 G.G.ave.; phona
East 1965. Star Ren. Co., W.: Wagner, Mgr. j
CARPETS cleaned and laid, 8c a yard.. KLEIN- |
ERT, 1520 Polk st ;- phone East' 72s. r . ':
CONKLIN 1 S \u25a0 Superior Carpet Beating .Works, '
Golden Gate aye.- &'. Larkin; pQone East 120.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402. Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394.. GEO. WALCOM & CO.; Props. |
MITCH ELL'S. 240 Fourteenth ' 6t. — First-class i
. carpet cleaning, -3e yard. . i Tel. Mission .74*" : : !
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices '
reasonable. 170.'} Harrison st. : tel. Mission 2ti3
LACE ' CURTAINS >,"ANT» V* BLANKETS.
BRANDT'S Ne*» • York " Curtain : - House; ;• most
complete plant for cleaning. lace curtains and
blankets. - -1324 Fillmore: phone -Pine 2622. \u25a0' \u25a0
. ' COLLECTION^ OFFICES. V '?--r -'"'\u25a0
BAD j tenants ejected for $4 ; I collections made;
city or . country.'- . Pacific ' Collection \u25a0 Co., - 415
Montgomery st.: rooms . 9-10. : Tel ' Mgin 5580.
CLOTHING RENOVATING.'^ .* ;\u25a0'? '.\u25a0"-/:
SUITS cleaned ' and - pressed." $1 ; scouring '. and
dyeing. *. Bon Marche. Examiner bldg.;: r.' 410;
phone Drumm 44.-. Call: for and deliver. free.
. : \u25a0 EDUCATIONAL. ::%?£'/\u25a0?. .t". '
A— THE O9born Conservatory /of Music haaan
enrollment 0f. 2350 pupils in San Francisco on
mandolin, . guitar,' violin,'"; banjo, "'piano-forte,'
. harp, r cornet,' harmony, 'also - v voice 'culture,'
special : \u25a0:. instructOß* -for •• advanced studies;
. ' class and - private " leesons; •-.* recitals ' given.
I Steinway Hall. building,' 223. Sutter St.; phone
John 5096. 220 Grant ave.\ /V Vs.v; ' '
A — THE • LYCEUM. ' an I accredited " preparatory
school \. tor; university,^ law . and ; medical \u25a0 col-
lege; refs., -Profesuor. Joraan.or.'any Stanford!
.' prof f-ssor ; > day, ; cvng. ? session. \u25a0•*. Phelan bldg.
THE Pau*. Gerson. School of Acting, the largest
Institution \ devoted , exclusively -. to " dramatic
'\u25a0 learning In America: -positions
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building. -
STAMMERING — Why •, not - let \u25a0us cure you ': at .
" 621 Franklin et,.; near' McAHisterT.- Hours 1
to 5 p. vm.;; guaranteed.' . -."if:. 1 ••'.' - '. :
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.; Cal." B. C. stu-:
. dents with; us; " stenographers ( trained ;;.pcsi-.
; tiens seenred.- 925 Golden Gate.' Webster & Co. 1 *)
HEALD'S School of: Mines aud Engineering,* 24
- Post «t.,'.S.' F.; civil, mlnlnj;, electrical,'. steam.
'--; and gns engineering.' l ;^ Send {or. prospectus. , ':•
ENGINEERING— -CtvlL' elec.',' min.V me'eh.,' but- ,
"• vey,- assay, 1 cyanide; day. , eve. ; est: 1864. Van
der Naillen School.- 113 iFnHon, nr.. City HalL
ALL our graduates get : places: we have, bad 'Bo
positions since * March j1: .*\u25a0• Call * and ; see * us.'
Ran . Francisco ' Business : 738 Mission.
Hi: A LD' S ' BUSINESS f COLLJ.'GE, 24 l Post t sC":
Established rlB<*3;"largestt!ui the -West; Jan-"
: i r.ual enrollment i 1000; ;' Bend / for,', circulars.'-, y. ?
IRVING Institute , School for : Girls, : 2120 Call-
* \u0084 fornia'. St. : Easter term begins Tuesday;'* Jan-
. vary,3," 1905."-i"-:': ; .-.'VJ-';.~7s -'\u25a0\u25a0,y^i.\i.~.' [ \u25a0::: '\u25a0\u25a0'::. '\u25a0 \u25a0;
A— GALLAGHER-MARSH ? BUSINESS ;: COL-
LEGK. 1*!82 \u25a0 Market at. ii Send for, catalogue. ;
ENGINEERING. ': drafting I aad \u25a0> math; J school ; '
atudents \u25a0 assisted; evgs. ; maJL' ;: 20 \u25a0 Hartford.
KKNTLaw School:' day. and alght;- 14th year,"
V;S36;Parrott:b-andinr;^- .':'.\u25a0,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.-.-.. .;> v:-'->;;.---. •
LESSONS iin S harmony ., and "• musical \u25a0-" theory;
. ;: quickly^ learned ; > reaconable. . Box 1 2777,'\ CalL
WESTERN | Business I ColleKer; 1281 1 Market st. ;
Uiorcugh. practical.' modern; ; day.^ evening.^ *•;
HINMAN* S : ACADEMY.-S a 5 thorough I school ; of
\u25a0•-* dancint-;; • all branches.'; 1 412 Polk; stfnr. Calif.-:
-. V^E VEfjANJD S NERVOUS PIS BTLASES^j
' HEAD ACHE.-M chronte S eonstlpaticm. • rheuma-
\u25a0 tiesm, diseases ,of i the I eye and /\u25a0 the * nervous'
\u25a0: -system ppeedlly cured.' i' DR.'- IM3HIRMAN,* O43
\u25a0 Sutter st.,- rooms 34-35,-: bet' If ason ; & .Taylor."
'-\u25a0'.'.--\u25a0--''• PALMISTRT. " :,
_ *. ISBEL OF NEW YORK.
The noted palmist and psychic, is temporarily
located at 132; Turk, st.. corner of Jones.-
..Houpe, 12 to 6 and. Saturday until 10 p. m.
RETURNED— H. 1 - Jerome -t FossellL • edentlflc
'.palmist. - 612 ' Mason St.. between Sutter and
Buyh;- phone Black -56C8. ' .*• .-
MADAME MAY. palmist and card reader. 3532
19th' St.. near Sanchsx: hours, lto 8; 50c
CREDIT CLOTHIERS.
C. :-.F. . ADAMS CO.. *1S Mason st. — Clothing
- for everybody, from- hat to s^joes; you can get
what you wantifrom us aad have it charged.
!H ' : ' ''\u25a0''\u25a0' •\u25a0•"\u25a0' -OEJfTISTS^
nßiexT*-?-!-; \u25a0'•pa't'ctjess "dental company.
-. Perfect -painless dentistry -at lowest • prices.
Our patent - pearl . plates, $5; silver fillings,
\u25a0 25c: gold fillings. $1; • gold crowns, $3 60;
bridge work. $3 50.-' llO4 Market, cor. Turk.
A NEW, plate — The .Whalebone — Cannot break;
- warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns $3 60; fillings 50c:
pis tes, * $3, . full set : ' All ' work painless and
warranted. Chtcaro Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. . LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th—
- No- charge for 'extracting- when plates are
. made; 'old -plates -made 'over like new;. teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c: gas given. . ;
DR. ! WILL W. - RAMSEY, "dentist. 927 Market
. st.;' over. Zlnkand Cafe. • ' . _ - .-.: . \u25a0
FILLINGS." 26c and 50e; crowns. $2. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mission. SE cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c; crowns. $2. no
pain: op. Sun. Dr.A.CHewitt. 101^ Grant ay.
DRESS3IAKERS A.\D SEAMSTRESSES.
KElSTElt"S^Lad7SyTanortttg CoUe«e. Majes-
UcbuiWtng. 1281 -Market St., rooms 508-ia
- Ladies, bring your material and make your
. suit •\u25a0 under = instructions; an expert ladies'
, tailor heads corps of .'instructors; patterns
cut to order; the next ten days w« cut a pat-
em to measure free to each \u25a0 caller; special
' sewing rates. 50 cents per day the next 60
days;. custom work done; night school. ME.
and MRS. JOSEPH STACH. Principals.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve.class. 1019- Mkt.
Accordion;, sunburst -and knife pleating. Stew-
art'g button fc buttonhole factory. 110 Taytor.
1 * EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE M. SAKAUYE — Successor to George
- AoKi, oldest and largest Japanese and Chinese
employment office. 421 Post st-; phone Bush
- 135 •; promptly, furnishes all kinds of -help.
STAR Employment Office — Reliable Japanese
\u25a0 and <• Chinese help furnished with care. W.
KADOTA. 400 .Powell St.; teL Main ITSL
A— ORPHEUM. Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.. • tel.'Maln 8752.
A — JAPANESE and - Chinese help. - WM.
YOSHY, 415 Stockton St.; tel.. Bush 553.
Finest 'Jaranese help: house-cleaning- specialty.
Gec.R.-.Kumabe. 317 Mason; tel. James 5251.
CHINESE ' Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411"4 O'Farrell: tel. East 428.
CHINESE 'and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
--\u25a0 Tel/ Main 'lW9T. BRADLEY &. CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE. Chinese help of all kinds furnish-
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ed; housecleanlng.* 708 Taytor:' James 7636.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all, kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT " WANTEB-^FEMAJLE.
YOUNG . Scandinavian- American . girl -wishes
- place to assist* in housework or light second
: wtfk; wages $15. ' Ca11361 Brannan St.; tel.
! Davls\7ol. •*".\u25a0*».\u25a0.>.'.\u25a0'.•.•\u25a0\u25a0'•\u25a0\u25a0.:" •
COOK.', German : is ' first-clasa -in - American.
French and. German cooking: references. 735
• Eddy. St. ;'.. ' - \u25a0\u25a0: .:-- > \u25a0 _ \u25a0 .
CURTAINS laun<J?red*-'S5c "per pair; will- not
:.. -.wash.' antique curtains.' . 2ti Dore St.; .phone
Folsom 022; •.-•\u25a0 .•-.*0.,_:
LADY % would like plain sewing. 475 A T»-
hama.st.*' '\u25a0 :.' * ' ;_•'..\u25a0
A WOMAN.- wishes "washing, ironing by the.
day. 'Phone Folsom 3110; \u25a0 12 • Twelfth St. :
3 BASEiIENT rooms, "with bath, stove, for 1
. day's • housecleanlng a ' week. - 920 Fulton ' st.
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged lady as
B housekeeper or general house work;, can do all
.. cooking - and • take entire charge of hou«e;
.couqtry preferred. " Address A. X.'. 1 Simpson
'place, "off First st., above Harrison. ' \u25a0
REFINED French • lady (Parlsienne), • speaking
English. fluently, wishes a - position with a
"femily who is going to France as maid or
. governess: ' City, references. H. D., 420 Her-
mann St. . • ' . ' ...,».:.. \u25a0•.....
A SWEDISH • second girl. - satisfactory refer-
\u25a0 ene'ea ', last ' place. :- wants . situation; \u25a0'• town or
country.:- • Send ,word . to • MISS PLUNKETT.
\u25a042S Powell": st. ; phone 5472. \u25a0
A YOUNG \u25a0 woman wants I to -do housework In
small family; -best of -references given; small
"wages- 1 expected. '''Answer. * by letter only,
PETERS. 1011 Post- it. . ~- • \u25a0
A YOUNG woman (22); German, with one boy
1' year, old,' wants housework in private fam-
ily. Call at 13*4 Tehama st., bet. First and
•Second.' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.'.\u25a0. '.-' .•\u25a0'-_-- \u25a0 ! "
DRESSMAKER, ladles' -. tailor, > coats, shirt
waist suits, pood cutter and fitter: from the
East; only first-class, work done; engage-
ments per day. MISS BARSS. 1024 Mission.
OEUJIAX woman wants' work by>the day. 5
Golden place, - off ; Golaen Gate-' ave.. near
. Hyde.st.-. ; ;..-.*.«-. ;jf~ '\u25a0["\u25a0'.,/\u25a0-,
GERMAN , girl \u25a0 desires , a place for general
housework in one. of surrounding counties.
Address W.; A.." : 3750 Seventeenth et.
A-COMPETENT woman would like a position
... for 'cooking or pantry, work. . Call or address
"i Sl2 Howard. »t." '\u25a0;-'.\u25a0
AN" experienced and capabl* stenographer
.wishes position: best, of . references. Address
MISS I COHN, 1663 Bush st. •
PROFESSIONAL .nurse would like to accom-
pany a patient East the last of 'this month
-cr- the first -of next month.: Box 2246. '-Call.
YOUNG ..' girl \u25a0 would -like ;a - position .to learn
chocolate dipping. -.-Apply 433 Clementina st.
TO nurse- the sick, $1 per day. - Call.* 9 to 11,
or -. address : 527 \u25a0 Golden Gate aye." '
GIRL. .14,- wants 'to takecare'of baby; experi-
\u25a0 e;cced.: . 1206 Peralta'st.',. Oakland.
GERMAN woman wants washing,- ironing, etc.
:'-, by. the - gay. -.\u25a0; 5 .Welch st . • rear. \u25a0
NEAT young lady ,would like position in \u25a0 flrst-
class-candy or- b3kery store. ~ Box 2243. CalL
TYPIST desires • extra work \u25a0at home. Box
- 4560." Call -of flee. • ' • , .
WISH* a" position "as seamstress. Box -5111.*
Call office. .-..:•\u25a0•\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 ' \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0•".'.
YOUNG s lady wants \a. position as chamber-
maid.-; 80x, 2240. - Call. . .-\u25a0\u25a0-.'.-. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 ..
LAUNDRY, or sweeping by the day; $1 50 and
carfare. Box 2683. Call.' > ' -v
POSITION as dressmaker wanted. ,1013 Broad.
-.way. \ :-\u25a0: -\u25a0 \u25a0 ' : •' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 , . ' -\~ . \u25a0' . '
A. POSITION as. nurse. ..Box 5071.' Ca1l office.
SKIRTS rebound ; , reasonable; ; work called for.
. ' 503 • Grove >. tt." -'. ;\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 • :'
A YOUNG girl wishes a - position : in a bakery.
.."Address 1123 A Broadway. r /•"..'•
TYPEWRITING done at home. 430 Fourteenth
. street." 1 ) - J '.-.'•'-. ' \u25a0- '- - \u25a0 " ' \u25a0 _
JAPANESE young gtrl wants position, general
• housework. \u25a0 KATAOKE. 31&%' O" FarreU ; st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED--MAJLE.
BOOKKEEPER " (25),". . tJ-toroaghry experieaced.
\u25a0 rapid . and r. accurate ; familiar with , all best
- . methods and * short cats ; good \u25a0 penman and
correspondent; moderate salary. Box 5230,
-Call offlc».V-^- :.:\u25a0:•\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0.:\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.
GARDENER.' ' first ; class. • thorooghly onder-
- - stands . flowers,- lawns' and ' greenhouse : work.
- best of \u25a0 references, wishes . a situation. Ad-
dress box 5227, Call office.
Al MIDDLE-AGED '- couple. -. fh-st-ctses cooks.
wish positions ' in • country or mining «^"Trrr
' Address M.. DAVID, room 82. - Winchester
\u25a0Hotel.' \u25a0 - \u25a0 '.--. , -'-\u25a0'•- - -•-.-..- \u25a0-
GARDENER. "- first ». : class, ' competent iln ". all
• r branches. » with i California " experience • and
,-'. references.'- wishes situation on . private place.
[:. Box i 5201. Ca!U office. .->, . , \u25a0\u25a0.-.\u25a0\u25a0
FIRST-CLASS German gard«ner, good .worker.
' \u25a0 run \u25a0gasoline ' engine. : wishes ; situation.'.' Ad-
dres«.E.*-.W..'560 Howard st. r^*--y.
YOUNG ; man .wishes " : position ;as porter. " ' 378
'\u25a0\u25a0 Fell st^v- . - :'"- : \u25a0-."\u25a0' '-:':. ' : .
PAINTER \u25a0 and > paperhanger.. has \u25a0 tools. - will
work very: reasonably." Painter, 'll43*6 Mls-
*'slon; phone -Howard -2222. - ' ' ,
BARTENDER." experienced." sober. . good refer-
'\u25a0\u25a0? ences: . city '• or • • country." ." Address • MON-
.j'-TACUE.'- 1644 Hyde st- \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0*. ; .:
CARPENTER 'wants situation; young., man;'
- , will : do job work very reasonable. ,' Box 5045, -
\u25a0\u25a0.'''•:-\u25a0--\u25a0''\u25a0\u25a0;.- '.- : .;,,,- .
ELDERLY man., handy, wanU very light
i -\u25a0 work; -no; milking; object ' good \u25a0 home if, easy
--place:gmall; wages. -\u25a0\u25a0H.'*W.;-228 Xatoma st
SPANISH." French : and rAmerican cook; no ob-
\u25a0 7; - Jections . to , country.'. ' 1438 .Pacific ; st. /iC '.;
WANTED— Position as blacksmith. -Apply 225
:;Tl-ard «t. -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-' *\u25a0 ." c'; , - - -- .- \u25a0\u25a0- .
WATCHMAKER, first-class, with complete set
jjf' of Jtcois.' wants ; situaUon. - Box 5018. \u25a0 CalL
GENERAL die sinker and hub cutterforjned-
als, buttons, buckles, furniture trimmings
and general novelty ornamental dies, can
irsVtbem from start to finish: nardentas
mod hubins; also engraver, steel letter eat-
.' ter. moldmaker and chager. Bat 2fe44. CalL
WANTED— Position as assistant bockSeeper:
5 years" experience in last place "rtttlw
manufacturing company: bestot re fere>^
and recommendations; salary moderate. Box
5067. Call office. -
A CASHIER acquainted with coast trade: «-•
pTrienced in handling coin; modern *£*££
San Francisco experience and references.
Box 4917. Call office. --
MIDDLE-AGED • German, sober. nndeTStands
bookkeeping and EnKtisb and German cor-
respondence, wants situation; not afraid of
other work: good references. Box 2543. Call.
ENGINEER and electrician wants position to
run plant;' nine years lasV place: S<>o* »£•
round man: satisfactory re feTence. Address
113 Eleventh aye.. . Richmond District.
SITUATION wanted as coachman: city «
country" with- the best of references. Box
2751. Call. -
A" STTUATION wanted by * "»ber married
man used to all kinds of hard work; will
work at anything. Box 26*7. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position as **T«r on
light delivery wagon. Box 4314. Can otnee.
BOY wants posiUon as •ffle* boy. Box 4932.
Call office. \u25a0 '
WANTED— Position as collector. 1323 La-
gana st. '
WANTED— A position as errand boy. 878 Mls-
slon st, ' ' • .
WANTED— Position as cash boy. Box 5116.
Call.
A YOUNG man would Hie to have, a position
in a wholesale house. 23*""9 Market st.
POSITION wanted as errand boy. Box 452 J,
Call office.. ' \u25a0 . \u25a0 '- \u25a0
RECTIFIER wishes position in wholesale
liquor store. Apply 514 Third st.
A POSITION wanted by boy of 18 to laaxn a
trade. Box 2779. Call. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0- -
BOOKKEEPER wants to kee» books for small
dealers. Box 2742. Call. • . .
JOB wanted as elevator man. Address A. R..
1003 Washington st. : \u25a0
A YOUNG married man and wife want work in
city or country. Call 735 Folsom st.
A JAPANESE young 1 man wants a position a*
waiter or do housework; good experience in
private- family: city or country. B. K. S..
811 Stockton st. - "
PHOTOGRAPHER — * Japanese photographer
w-ants -position as photographic worker: has
experience; is graduate C. C. of Photography. I
Address E. AKAGAWA. 810*4 Stockton st.
JAPANESE honest, educated boy wants work
in any store or waiter in family or school-
house: city or country; wages $25 to $~30.
Box 4852, CalL- -
A , JAPANESE young couple wish positions :
man as cook: wife wait at table. 403 Post
st. : tel. • James 501.
BUTLER — First-class' Jar-asese btttler wishes
position in city or country; have good refer-
ences. Box 2681. CalL
A JAPANESE boy wants position at laundry
work in. family; wage* over $30. Addreu
530 Polk st. . \u25a0
CHINESE first-class cook wants position: ho-
tel, restaurant or boardlng-hoase. WONG
YOU. SOU Pupont st.
YOUNG Chinese wants position to do general
. housework. • Box 4965. Call office.
FLATS TO LETT.
AAA— COMPLETED LIST OT HOUSE?.
FLATS, apartment and rooming houses; our
renting department is free to all; we can
find you a home In \u25a0 any part of the . city :
ask for no payment other taaa your good
will: we do not ask you 'to- boy or even look
at the gools ; use this department freely;
you are more than -welcome.
CORDES FURNITURE CO.. 243-233 Geary
- st. (on the square). •
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANT.
Every desirable vacant dwelling la listed In
our renting department. Combined lists from
25 of the largest' agencies. Saves a world of
time and trouble.
Service Is absolutely free.
You are not asked to buy or even took at
furniture. Welcome! , ._",_...
STERLING FURN ITU KM COMPANT.'i"
1039 Market st.. opposite McAllister.
TO LET — If yon are looking for a vacant flat.
cottage, rooming or apartment house you
can find just -what you wish by visiting our
. renting department; we have the largest;
combined list In the city: ser-rlc* absolutely
free; we do not ask you to buy. but want
\u25a0 your \u25a0 good wilL T. ' BRILLIANT FURNI-
TURE CO.. 338 to 842 Post St.. opposite the
square.- •_\u25a0••#> \u25a0
NEWLY completed lower and middle fiat of
6 rooms and bath, with the most exquisite
finish; . beamed ceilings, etc; NE. corner
Fllbart and Leavenworta sts.; wita unob-
. structed . marine view; overwhelmed with
sun; ' owner on premises; rent reasonable
ASHTON & GARDINER. Agents. 411 Mont-
gomery st. .
APARTMENT flat* the handsomest, sunniest
in the city; 5 rooms, laundry, storeroom ex-
tra large porches, libraries, dressers; paneled
walls;. art sash: hallway and janitor service-
fronting beautiful Alamo square on the hill-
SB. cor. Scott and Hayes sts.: Just complet-
ed: open Sunday: popular rent 3: only $33.
ELEGANT, sunny flat. Just completed* 7
rooms; one block from Haight and Flllmore'
street cars. 447 Page st.
DUBOCE aye.. 14». formerly Thirteenth st
Newly renovated Sat of 8 modera rooms;
reasonable.
— —^— — — — — — — — —^—««__^__.
2 NEW sunny modern Cats. & rooms "M bath
each. 887-969 Golden Gate aye.. opposite)
Jefferson square. <
NEW, sunny 8 and S> room, flats; rent $33 and
$37 50; 231 Devlsadero St., near Oak. Apply
on premises or 29 Battery st.
A SUNNY improved top Sat, 8 rooms and
nath. . 1354 Scott St.. near O'Farrell; $26.
PINE. 683. near Stockton — Modern sunny Cat
of' 6 rooms and bath. ' Inquire at 687.
TWO fine *«unny bay-window flats; rent Ytjry
cheap. 335 Oak st. -. \u25a0 - . .. * .
A MIDDLE bay-window Sat; 4 rooms: $16; no
children. 14 Moss, oft Howard, near Seventh.
FOURTEENTH. 134. near Howard — S sunny
rooms, bath, large basement. $2Q.
NEW 6 and 5 room flats; sunny: tinted; large
separate yard; $22 50. 571 Third aye.
FILLMORE. 621. . bet.^ Hayes and FeO — $35;
modern flats. 7 sunny rooms. - ,
ELEGANT 7 rooms and hath: tr-gen Vy^n^^ .
1012 Pine t. -. .-.-,. .*\u25a0»
VALENCIA. 92X near Twentieth — 1 large sna-
ny raoma and bath: rent $18.
FILBERT. \u25a0 112S*rt. near Hyde — Nice sunny Sat -
of 5 rooms and bath. .
MIDDLE flat. S lovely sonsy rooms and bath*
rent reduced. $22 50. 2531 Post st.
LEAVENWORTH. 1321H— Upper flat. 4 rooms,
.gas.- $l6; newly renovated.
NICE flat, 6 rooms and bath; rent $25. 4Q3
Ninth st. -
RTNCON Hill— Sunny cor. flat. 5 r. and bata-
flne view: adults: references. 351 First st.
BUSH. ' 1231 — Flat. 3 rooms, bath; \u25a0 boiler*
- rent $20. Apply 1253. basement.
"WELL furnished Cat. 6-rs, bath. - piano.' gar-
den, basement. 1126 Turk: call 1 to \5.
JONES. 2109, near • Filbert — Clean Sat. - 7
rooms, bath, mantel, pantry, laundry; $27 30.
$11— FLAT of 4 rooms. 231 Duboce. ave^, a «ar
r* Guerrero at. .^ . .
A -NEW. -sunny 6- room Sat; rent $30. -. 4> 44S
Post »t. . •
ALL sunny flats; 3, 4. 5. 6 rooms, baths* gar-
dens. cement cellar:, sl4 to $23. 2678 Folsom.
BAKER. 733-735. near McAllister— Modera
-Bats. 6 and 7 rooms; very sunny; new.. •»-
AT 2517 Union st- — Upper 5 roomsv bath- mod-
: :ern. sunny: marine view; yard: $20., "
i ALVARADO.' 43. near 22d and Valencia^— New
\ 5-room. flat»; large yard and basement, fc ,'
BEST flats la the Mission, 7 rooms* rent 1337
, SSO. Valencia st.. near Sixteenth.
; TAY. 32 and 34. south of Clay, above Powell—
• -New marine view flats. -5 rooms and bath.
LARGEST list of houses and fiats to let Call
on LYON & HOAG. lift Montgomery stT'*
A BRANCH office of The Call for the " recep-~
5 tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been ' opened •at 1008 Market St.. opposite
. Fifth. _ Open until 11 p..m.
; FLATS FOR SALE— FITRXI SHED. *
i FURNISHED : flat *of r 5 "rooms, completo. In-
'>:qnire at 537 Valencia st.; uear Sixteenth.
FURNITURE of 9-room flat for sale; before
,:" 12.,1€05 Lacuna St. : " \u25a0\u25a0
\ MODERN, fiat of .7 room* and bath, nicely
furnished: piano; rent $40. 1331 Geary st. r
$300— NICELY furnished flat.'C rooms* rent
reasonable. 40SS O'F.irrell st. -
THE I furniture .of - 5-room flat: i sunny; deanj -
must be sold. Inquire 438 Valeaete at.
LODGING-HOUSES > FOR SALE— Con.
'A:f CAMERON '& CO.—^-1-Fhone' South* 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor.' ; Market and - PowelU
Headquarters for Rooming-houses,' '. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances. .
12&-room modern, new, - downtown - house;
office and billiard-room fon ground -floor: -well
furnished; long: lease; an i up-to-date proposi-
tioa;: doing good business; owing "to death- in'
fan-nly r ;win-be sold at sacrifice; part down
balance long : time at : low \u25a0 Interest. • ;\u25a0;.-
8-room : elegantly furnished .'modern corner
flat; :: choicest . location; oil paintings, ' china-
ware., everything goes; will be sacrificed; own-
. er^ must lea ve v city. \u25a0 .*\u25a0\u25a0--'»•/ -"
-' 70 ; rooms.' * fine ; central • location.' 'downtown
house,' up-to-date and well \u25a0 famished ; . has : big
country-: transient trade and .makes -money;
owing to dissolution of - partners' will \u25a0 be sold
at ' sacrifice. ". . .' .; .... \u0084 -y. -, -i>.
--30 rooms,' new;' well, furnished; close In; flae
transient: also permanent roomers, . where - you
can I clear over all expenses $150 . per • month;
retiring from business.: "';".*• \u25a0'. ' \u25a0"'•
42 rooms; rent $125; good furnitnre: all full
and clearing $160 per month; will take smaller
house in . part \u25a0 payment ; price : $1400. \u25a0« --_
. 16 rooms; close in; extra weir furnished, bat
owner is , sick in' hospital, and- must be sold,
and -the price i is not one-third :of IU. value;
big bargain at JSOO. .\J t .
85 rooms, new and elegantly ' furnished aiart-
ment-house, choice location ; rent only $5 per
room; the furnishings and draperies are of the
best; house strictly,, modern and up-to-date;
price $4000; will take small house in-part pay-
meet.-' :\u25a0; v.. --. . \u25a0 • : , . . ,'
: 63 rooms: new, modern, elegantly * furnished :
close to business centers; full- flrst-dass pe^
ple; can be had at / bargain ; • part down, .• bal-
ance.can be paid out of house;, make offer. •
32 rooms; ; rent , only $120; swell location:
good furniture and carpets; everything- flrst-
%}£?* and clearing nice little income; \u25a0:' price
w 6 ® J ., rooI »*B. elegantly', furnished; grand new
building; fine location; all full and clearing
"WOO, and over above all expenses; : to be. sold
at big sacrifice on account of sickness in
family.' \ . . -\u25a0--\u0084, '• ,
14 rooms, fine block Post st.;' with ibeautiful
lawn both fr.-»nt and back; elegantly furnished;
all full and clears $75, but owing to sickness
mum sell; price $iloo. i";'.-*v^ ' • "•
• 22 rooms; rent only $90; well ' furnished and
in fine condition; all housekeeping; .will take
$550 to «t In. . .'
.18 rooms; fine corner; rent* $80; •well "ifur-
nlsl 2!? 3; 2 entrances; all light -rooms; ; a. snap
at $750. .-.../
20 rooms ;, rent only $SJS; fine location north
of Market; good furniture and carpets;, clears
$<5 to $80 per month; -only *1100..'
15 rooms, fine. corner, choice. location; rent
only $75, with lease; well furnished and clear-
ing $S0 per month; good buy; ,$900.. ' . .
;42; 42 rooms, fine corner, close in; rent-. $133;
good .furniture and carpets; always keep full;
price 51800. .; - ,"
.75 • rooms, ' one of most ' elegantly furnished
anrt equipped straight roommg-hooses In city:
grand j new, building; furniture . and \u25a0 carpets of
the best; cheap rent, with, long lease, and
choice location; any one looking for' first-class
proposition must 'not overlook half- down,
balance can be paid out of house at' low inter-
est/. . \u25a0 \u25a0 -. , -\u25a0 \u0084- . - '.*; { . \u0084\u25a0'•/
33 rooms; rent only $123; good furniture and
carpets; clears $125 per month;- price $1500. >
. 35 rooms, close in and cheap* . rent ; "a. first-
class investment, where you can clear $100 per
month and over; price $2700.'. '- ' -..•:.;•
\u25a0 24 rooms, elegantly furnished, sporting; house;
2 fine entrances; everything new., 'and up-to-
date: choice \u25a0 location; nothing- better 'on the
market. Call for particulars. •:/•-- '\u25a0 •
s 17 • rooms; - cheap rent; fine »' location; extra
good furniture, and will clear $75 per • month ;
a snap at $1100. >'-, .
," 11 rooms, new : and elegantly furnished; ';
.choice location; must • leave - city.l a pick-up,
at half cost to -furnish. ; ". .-.- . , ' .
A: CAMERON & CO., 3 EDDY CT. y
CLAIRVOYAJVTS. : " .;,r-
A— IT-IS JUST: AS CHEAP -TO"- SEE "-THK
BEST. REMEMBER THE : NAME. ;
: PROF. NIBLO. THE WORLD * FAMED .
CLAIRVOYANT, ASTRO-TRANCE '
MEDIUM' AND PALMIST. --• '
997 MARKET ST.— O97. '. \u25a0 '
*- PROF. NIBLO. '• \u25a0••> \u25a0
- THIS WEEK ONLY; : "-.
MY $5 CELEBRATED LIFE READINGS $1.
$1 00. LOW FEE. •: ;.*\u25a0 ' - $1" 00.
Bring. Call coupon and gave $4—4 — My $5' com-
plete life reading \ $I— lf you bring - this ad-
vertisement.;- .* . : : \u25a0 .-.. .\u25a0} \u25a0" \u0084
No Charge Unless Satisfactory. > \u25a0
. (You can be the Judge.)
I DO HEREBY SOLEMNLY AGREE AND
GUARANTEE to make you :. no .« charge -. if.' I
fall to call . you by v name in - full, names of
your friends, enemies' or. rivala- -I. promise
to ..tell; you whether your husband/, wife, or
sweetheart is true "or, false, tell you; how' to
gain \u0084 the , love of ; the one you - most ;. desire,
even . though < miles \u25a0 away; how; to, succeed in
business, speculation , lawsuits *,- how to marry
the one of your choice: 'how .to regain youth,
health and - vitality. - Removes > evil Influence,
cures drink habit, locates treasures// cures ; all
nervous diseases. . v . --\u25a0! \u25a0;\u25a0 .- \u25a0 ... .
How can I have good luck ? ,t v. . \\
How can I succeed in business? ' - •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
How can I make my home; happy? \u25a0;\u25a0••\u25a0.' \u25a0 -
How can I conquer. my : enemies? ;»! -.
How can I marry the one I choose?
• How can I marry . well? y> ' •
. How socn can I marry? '. '..• •'* - ' ' ' •- •..-",'f y-V.
-How canl make any one love me? i, \ ;
Kow soon will my lover propose? ,'T»
How can I get a letter? - . . •
\u25a0 How can I get ,a' good position?. \u25a0
\u25a0 ' How can I remove bad influences?
\u25a0.: How! can si control any. one? - -•""'•
Ho w, make distant ones think- of me?.- '•' \u25a0 ;
.How, can I settle ;my quarrel? ;'. •
\u25a0 How can I hold my husband's . love? " -
•'•-. How»can I keep .my -wife's 'love? .; ,'.
- 037— MARKET 5T.— 937. '.-.." . :
Next door to Hales' big store, . corner Sixth.
Hours. 10 to; 8 daily and' Sunday. • \u25a0
PROF. NIBLO. s - . " :
THE GREAT. ONLY AND ORIGINAL
PRINCESS EUGENIA, . .-. *. n
/ TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT. .
BORN WITH A DOUBLE VEIL.
EDUCATED IN OCCULT SCIENCE IN
EGYPT AND INDIIA. .- . , ,
SPECIAL— THIS WEEK ONLY— .:
' MY $5 COMPLETE LIFE READINGS, $1. :
TELLS YOUR >NAME— TELLS* YOU WHEN
AND WHOM f YOU WILL " MARRY.
: :- Settles -love ' quarrels and promptly 'reunites
the- separated.'." no * matter how • long , standing.
\u25a0: London's : most famous palmist ;; and ~- clair-
voyant; iis acknowledged -by \u25a0 press -and public
the greatest 1 ivi ng DEAD TRANCE MEDIUM.
• She tells what you came for. before you utter
a word*, does not ask questions, no matter what
yourtrouble may be. \u25a0: \u25a0 ' — ' ...y\ r . .- - .
\u25a0 . Call and \u25a0 she will guide you with ..certainty
higher, than 'human power. Telia" you the truth.
good, or bad. , :.. -;..-.\u25a0 ; . ,;.
HOURS— IO TO 8. DAILY. AND SUNDAY.
; >.: ill4S ; MARKET ST.— ll4B. ;•;\u25a0 • r ;
''(Same 'Floor; Fowser,- Photographer). ;""
A PHENOMENAL $5 mental reading for $1.00;
SIR GEORGE" ORMONDE,^ 1007% Market
;\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 st.V> Egyptian astral - seer; .trance clairvoyant;
' hastens marriage, ; restores : lost love, reunites
'" • the separated, \u25a0 removes . t-pells,\ lll^, luck. - ene-
mies, weak habits. : restores .vitality; Uelki all.'
MME. M. BERNARD reads your.life correctly:
valuable . advice : on all affairs of life; ' satis-
". .. faction guaranteed ;: 2sc. .. 17 Third: aL.i next
- th» Examiner, building. \u0084 ' -\u25a0-•;.:.
ISMAR.- Egyptiaa Beeress,', The' Vendome, .'llo4
: Market.Bt..- San Francisco. ' Of flee hours— rlO
; .a.m.";to 5 p." m., 1 Sundays 10 to'l2;'-Wednes-
* day evening 6 to 8. Phone South 114ir--;v-
MISS M. WILLE." 310 .Ellis st.; dairvoyant,
crystalseer and life reader, tells you exactly'
what i you • called ' for without asking • a ques-
\u25a0 . tion; names given; $1; hours 10 to. B. ';•\u25a0:.;-.••.\u25a0
' MME.' KRONENBERG, i clairvoyant, card read-
?:\u25a0 er. : palmist; '.when ! others .fail - try t me;^ good
-reading 25c; no sign. 102% '6th.' nr.*- Mission.
MISS ZEMDAR.'yonng gifted clair. and palm. ;
' . > reveals ' hidden " secrets, ?-> love. ; business, j etc. ;
. . ' names : ' L. '\u25a0. 50c.T G. j $1.", 533 ; Golden : Gate aye. ;
MRS. SHAFFER.'clairvoyant,"card.'reader,':has
| .-. removed from j 10S | Sixth st/ to j »54." Mission.i
MME.-: RAVENNA;'* the marvelous clairvoyant/
;\u25a0\u25a0 gives names,'; advice J In : all ;, affairs." • 5 14 th \ st. "
CHEAPESTJand >besfin America— The Weekly
: \u25a0 Call/;, 16 1 pages, sent \ to ', any,? address "j in \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 the
.': \u25a0 United \u25a0 States ;or .'Canada one; year 'for $l.'i j-
,". ;,-:' \ .•\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - ; "
FRED P.*: EVANS/3; famous demosstrator^ of
v: slate writing and other. spiritual phenomena.'
;\u25a0;:;\u25a0 returned & for *; a ; brief - ; period.; j Office \u0084 1112
:, : "Eddy,ist. :? phone Scott; BB7. *-..,= ..' '/.;»\u25a0>;
GRAND t test * seance i to-night.*,- 10c: •* readings
: daily; 25c < up. -,f MME.' EILEaiSFICKEN. - 53tt
i:..Turli:rt y \u25a0\u25a0'.-\u25a0..' -\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0;-.- :•, .; \u0084;-.\u25a0;\u25a0;. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-_\u25a0.-\u25a0 U r.
A— MRS.- J.J. WHITNEY, «bus. medium and
fjllfe: reader.-: 12C6 Market; r.*« 10/= Gait : Houses
Mrs. \u25a0: Sill.'; 1049A1 Market,^ rl 2l : sit. ; daily,? 10 a.';
\u25a0:.x vn; to 7 f ' p." 1 m. ; ! cir.'j Mon.^Wed.'," Fri.- evengs."
; EARLET S seance' Sun.; ; Wed. nights,™ 219 Eddy.
V, Read.' daily.*: Hotel Hlgg-ins; ladies $1 this ,-a-k.",
PROF." GEE : in his ' startling i test ' circles j every
night. 10c; readings daily. .093 Market' st.^:.'
BusmrESs chajtces.
A— sG2sO; KOADHOUSE i with ; property; place
established 30 years; fine garden with walnut
treea; opposite the place are factories em-
ploying SM) men; a very good offer, as prop-
erty actual . value is much higher. See R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Et.
A— sl4oo; SALOON with union hall upstairs;
capacity 300 people: place about *4 block
from Chronicle building: lease; rent $45. See
R. G. WILKE, 2<>% Kcarny gt.
A— (2000; CORNER saloon on Larkin st. ; net
rent $25; 3 years" lease; place doWig.a good
business and location the very best; value in
sight. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1100; DELICATESSEN store and . home
bakery on Hayes- st.;- 4 \u25a0 living rooms; rent
$30; a good \u25a0 paying place; owner sick; must
sacrifice. See R. G. WILKE. 2C"4 Kearny.
A— $1000; DUCK ranch with 150 laying stock;
800 young stock ready for market; 4 Incuba-
tors; capacity 1170 eggs; 7 brooders, 1 horse,
harness, good wagon;- 3 acres land; rent $13:
must be- soM at once; a rare bargain. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— sl2,ooo; SALOON on Market St.; the
choicest location; rent $175; place doing first-
class business;; established many years. For
particul-u-s. R. G. WILKE. 28% Kearny . St.
A— sl2oo; CORNER Honor store and saloon in
the Mission; estabUsbed many years; net
rent $30; about $500 stock on hand;- a gen-
uine good offer. See R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny «t. •- \u25a0 • ' '
$200— OYSTER house; close to Sixth St.; rent
only $30; a good location and first-das* pay-
ing business. For particulars see R. G.
WILKS. 26% Keamy st.
A—s2ooo;A — $2000; COUNTRY hotel aad roadhouae,
few miles from Redwood City; 19 rooms,
bar. dining-room. barns and beautiful
grounds; rent $C 5; 6 years' lease. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny gt.
A— s3oo; SANDWICH bUnd; rent $17; 2 years'
lease. For particulars see R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny gt. . _^
A— $11,000; SALOON, choicest on Market St.;
Rase -If necessary; $6000 cash, balance on
t<me; this is a splendid offer; sickness only
cause of sale. • See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny \u25a0 st. •
A— s3so; WOOD and coal yard, with 2 horses.
2 wagons; location good; first-class business;
owner to engage in mining; rent $20. For
particulars see R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.'
A— slsoo; .SALOON with 8 rooms; dose to
Spreckels" market; rent $60; death and sick-
ness in family cause of sale. See R. G.
WIIJCE. 26% Kearny st.
A— s4ooo; CORNER saloon with rooms; 1 block
from City Hall; transfer corner: monthly
sales about $1000; lease S years; the best lo-
cation and offer tn this city. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Keamy st.
A— $1800; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict: kept by owner 8 yean; -must be sold at
once; owner • to retire from business: a first-
class paying place. Call on R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st. , .
A— sl4oo; RESTAURANT, and oyster-house; on
Larkin St.; rent $50; lease; business estab-
lished years; sickness in family of owner only
cause of sale. See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny eU:
A—s23oo;A — $2300; MILK and dairy -route across the
bay; 20 cows, 4 horses, wagons; sales about
CS gallons per day. . Call R.. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st. •
$1100 — STATIONERY, school supplies, notions,
candy. Ice cream parlors close to two ecbools;
5 rooms; rent $50; 5 years lease; .Western
addition. Call R..G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— s3soo; -WOOD, coal yard, with agency of
Union and. National Ice Co.;. also Shasta wa-
ter; 3 horses, 2 wagons, \u25a0 stock" etc; place
established 9 years; situated across the bay;
a first-class business opportunity. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny St.. " - '
A— sBso; PLUMBING. and metal roofing shop;
location the very best In Western Addition;
rent VIS; established 35 years; owner to
retire to easy avenue: stock value $400; a
rare chance. For particulars see R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. "
A— sl2oo: CORNER saloon with T furn. rooms;
rent free; place sells : from 10 to 15 barrels
beer weekly; location can't be beat; sickness
of owner compels - a great sacrifice. - In-
vestigate at once; a first-class offer. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. t
A— $1000: SALOON with 2 furn. rooms; rent
$30, lease 4 years: place surroundecL by fac-
tories and .work shops; business O.fK. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Keamy st. - ' .
A— sllso; GROCERY, branch bakery; notions
and crockery store; 3 living roms; rent $15;
very best location in the Mission; stock con-
sists cr dry goods, notions, crockery, cigars,
tobacco, butter, eggs, etc.; a bargain; inves-
tigate and make otter; - good for- man and
wife. R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st_
A $2500 corner saloon, roadbouse on transfer
point of different car lines; lease;, nice fur-
nished: rooms; must be sacrificed, as owner
Is engaged in other business; actual: value at
least $4000. R. G/ WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— s24oo; CORNER ; grocery and bar; must be
sold; owner to engage In ether line of busi-
ness; full value of fine stock in sight; 4%-
year lease; location can't be beat. Call R.
G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— s26oo; HOTEL and- barroom with 30 fur-
nished rooms in Oakland manufacturing dis-
trict; rent $00; -horse, buggy;- lease; estab-
lished . years. Call R. G. WILKE, £6%
Kearny st. . . . • .
A—s3SoO:A — $3S0O: WOOD, coal yard, with agency Union
and National Ice Co.. also Shasta- Water:* 3
horses. 2 wagons, stock, etc ; place estab. 9
years, located across bay : first-class business
opportunity. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— sl«*X>; CORNER grocery and bar On Sacra-
mento Et., Western Addition; 5 rooms;. 4
years' lease; place established years. Call It.
G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
R. E. CALLAHAN, 26 Montgomery st.
- Telephcne John C'Oi.
Business locations and leases- a specialty.
If you are looking for an opportunity . to
engage in the ; liquor • business, • I would be
ple&sed to have you call and see me; I make
a specialty of ealoons, groceries and bars,
hotels wtih bars attached., etc, and 'l am in
a position to give you information on • op-
portunities that ycu cannot find in any other
office, as my business is strictly confidential
and the different places I have listed are not
on the open market; I will positively guar-
antee, them, to be just as represented.. .... .
$2700— POSITIVELY the very best located
( drug store in one of ' the most prosperous
cities in California; close to San Francisco;
first-class, trade; elegant business; monthly
receipts guaranteed to be not -less than $900-
rent only $75; good stock; good fixtures; in
all a positively bona fide proposition; must
be sold; investigate this at once. Room 7,
20 Montgomery st.'V-"' . : • . '
TO lease —^ floors (112 rooms); Just completed*
best location: suites for offices and rooms;
electric and gas light, telephone, power, wa-
ter and elevator; 800 feet sunny exposure:
an exceptionally, -good v opportunitv; reason-
able lease will be given to responsible party
Call or. address C. JURGENS. IU6 Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal..
FOR sale — Only dru-j store in thriving town;
Irviogton, A lamed a Co.. Cal.; population
about 500; big country trade; Anderson Col-
lege.^ two grocery ' stores and one large bard-
ware" and i furniture 'J store doing a. thriving
business; excellent opportunity- for a good
physician : price $1800: good reason for. sell-
ing. Apply to H. D. FORD. Irvlngton. Cal.
FOIt sale — Beautiful licensed hotel of 32 rooms,
furnished, en lot 75x150;- fine .bay resort,
clearing $400 per month; price, including real
citato $13.CC0: •\u25a0\u25a0- part -*rash. ECONOMY
KKALTY CO.; 20% Keamy st.
WAXTED— A' good business .man" with a few
\u25a0 thousand dollars j to - invest In t; long-estab-
lished , wholesale- business. In- San "Francisco
to Increase the business. • Address box 520" '
Call office. .-. ,- . . . .• . .
STOCK companies- incorporated: "it you. have
stocks or bonds for sale offer . them : through
me to investors.,. GEORGE M. KELLOGO,
broker.' 545 Ellicott square,: Buffalo. \u25a0 \u25a0 ,;
I WANT a man that -..will buy half interest or
all' in a saloon and. lodging-house in a lively
country l town. Inquires at STRUNSKY'S
liquor store, 124 • Seventh St. "
MACHINE chop \u25a0 and bicycle store In country
town for : sale -or s to : rent ; ; about $2000 . Is
needed: good- chance; - full value ' for .. your
money. 80x. 4910, Call office. .
FOR sale— s26oo: first -class -. corner ' saloon;
lease 4 yeare; rent $90." For particulars • »*>.
ply Milwaukee Brewery. 440 Tenth st.
FOR sale — Good fruit store with cash register,
dotns good business; location Al; owner re-
tiring.;. 134 Hayes st. .
A GOOD bakery in" the country for sale on ac-
count of depcrture. Inquire M. GETZ. box
. 12. 514 Mission st. : : . -: ;
DELICATESSEN and- restaurant; good \u25a0 busi-
ness: must sell .i right 'away: \u25a0 party 'going
away; at a bargain. ' 408 A McAllister , st. *-.i. i
NEWSPAPER route ror sale in Oakland: a
good Call route -In • Oakland ; for ' sale. . Apply
at C*Jl,butoneg«. of flee, for particulars. ;
FOR SALK — Carpenter ' shop \u25a0 containing circo-
< lar saw, benches, ladders. • lumber, etc." - 541
C-tlifomla st. * :.. .. \u25a0. : -\u25a0 .. , \u25a0 ...\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ..
PARTNER -with -$300; good manufactTiring
businees; tead cash aad \u25a0 store. 283 Fourth gC
FOR sale— n**t*urant : and ' oyster-hoase.". 181 s
Sixth gt.. between Mission and Howard. ' . '
$300-<>YSTER and chophouse: : fine i business;
good location. 310 Third ; st. \u25a0 , \u25a0' ..:> '*.-":. .'V>
FOR_SAL-fJ>— Frnlt dlsUUery." complete; F Santa
Croa dty. Address; box 4874.' CaU. office,. :
TWO -Al; mattafacturing and' industrial rprbpo-
slUons; no agenta.7 Box BIOS. CalL . . -
JOHN" D. SPRJECKELS. . . .Proprietor j
Address Communications to
JOHN" McXACG11T. . . . . . . . .Manager
\v7*J." SIAKTTyT. . \u25a0 Bnslness Manager
TELEFHCNE.
Af* for THE CALL. The Operator WIU Con-
nect Tou With the Department You Wish.
l^jblication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Tditorial Rooms .^... .21-7 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per ™J*** 7S
CU. Per Month. Single Copies 6 Cts-
Terms by Mail. Including Postage CCash With
• Order): *« aa
liAILY CALL <includ. Sunday), t y e * r *""»?Z;
PAILY CALL (indurt. Sunday), 6 m 05.... 4^ou
DAILY CALL— By Stngle Month ?<*= ,
ftrXDAT CALL. 1 Tear - *\u25a0*"{:
FOIiEIGN ! sundgy. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE, i -tvj^iciy 100 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS " ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Basnple Copies will be forwarded when re-
Quetted. .
Mall subtscribers in ordering ch *-E£r,, °Lw
drees should be particular to give both^NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prompt aad correct compliance with their re-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main IOS3
BERKELEY OFFICE: / _
ri«S Center Street Telephone North ««
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: \u25a0
JAMES S. TYLER Pos*P 05 * Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Wal^crf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. _31
Union Square: Murray Hill Hotel: Fifth-avenue
Hctcl end Hoffman House.
CHICAGO :CEWS STANDS:
Bborman House; P. O. News C°-* Grea l
Ncrthern Hotel: Tremont House: Auditorium,
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KKOGXESS. Marquctte Building
•Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2C13. >
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON...'. Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock »?very nicht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
lOCS. Market Etrtet, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
3Ct> Montgomery s.ve. : open until 9 p. m.
500 Hayes street; open, until 9:SO p. m.
*533 McAllister street; «r>en until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
3541 Mission street; cpen until 10 p. m.
lOC K"-;venth street; open until 9 p. m.
ICS6 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast comer Church and Duncan streets;
cpen until 9p. m. . . \u25a0
TCOO F:'i;mor»? rmet: cren until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVUVG TOWN
FOU THE ' SUMMER.
CALL eubscrlbers cuatemplatiDK a
fhaape of residence durtuff the summer
ixtoaUis can have their paper forwarded
by mail to their ue.v address by notify-
ing THE. CALL. Business Office. This
paper vrfll also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local
("Sent fa - nil to-rrns on the coast.
V *"S. MEETIXG XOTICES.
MISSION Cpmmaneery No. 41. K. T.— .\u2666_
Stated asseroblf THIS (MONDAY) "IAP
EVENING. S o'clock. Order of Red jMI
Cross. All f raters cordially invited.
By order of the Commander.
JNO. R.- HIT J.MAX. Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. m
M.— THIS (MONDAY) AFTERNOON wSf
at 2:30 o'clock, third degree; alro in
the evening at 7:30 o'clock. Master
Masons cordially invited. By order of the
Master. WALTER G. ANDERSON, Sec.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 200, F. «
end A. M.. 1539 Flllmore st. Sd degree "W
THIS iMONDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 /V\
o'clock. HARRY BAEHR. Sec.
ST\ ANDREWS Society — Special v *C*"- v
mc-eting MONDAY EVENING. 3k, C&dJ
May 22. f Interesting joint debate. "^jCSw^
A full attendance of members is "^S^fc
desii-ed.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the office
cf 'he company. C 27 Market St.. S. F., Cal.,
ca MONDAY, the 22J day of May. 1905. at
the hour of 3 o'clock p. m., for the purpose
cf electing a board of directors to serve for
the tnsuing *>ea.r and the transaction of
«uch ether business as may come before the
meetiJ:g. Transfer books will close oa
Friday. May 12. lyC5. at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Secretary-
AXXI'AL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDER'S —
Notice is hereby given that the annual meet-
ing of the r.tcckhcldrrs of the KERN
TRADING AND OIL COMPANY will be
held on SATURDAY. May 21. .JJMJS, at 12
c'clock noon, at room 121ti, Merchants' Ei-
cnanße bunding. San Francisco. California.
:cr .the purpcee or electing a' board of five
directors for the ensuing year and to transact
•sjcli ether business as may legally come
b«fi;re said meetirjr. May 13 19C5
J- L. WILLCUTT. Secretary.
AGE.VTS- WAXTED.
MEN of good address and ability In every
county to lift property and take loan appli-
cations; guaranteed salary cr commissions;
<Jcn't answer unless you mean business.
AMERICAN REALTY CO., 202-203 Brown
block. Omaha. Nebr.
WANTED — Agents throughout State to intro-
duce new dress cuitinsand fitting system;
acents make from $5 to flO daily: best siilei
over put on market. Call CHASE. SWEET
& "**O.{ room 271 Bacon building. Oakland.
ATTORXEYS-AT-LAW.
Advice free in all legal matters; private divorces
a specialty; <ju:ck: quiet: no pay unless divorce
Is granted; collections made: partnership bill of
sale, wills, tfeeds, etc;.- drawn. _ Open evenings
by request. Established 22 years G W
HOWE. 1122 Market at., bet. Mason & Taylor".
R.W. KING, Attorney-at-Lav. Exam bidg
€th floor, entrance room Oil; established 20
years; all courts, general courts and office
practice; no lees in advance cr for consults-
tio-i; evenings by appointment Tel. Red 3601. •
ADVICE free; legal divorce costs $12:' all law
cases handled; no fee in advance- open Sat-
urday evenings; other cveninps by appoint-
ment: call and save money. £19 Market, r. 33.
AA— DIVORCE: costs $12* quick, quiet; advice
free: a.l law business; no charge unless suc-
cessful; open evenings. 927 Market, room 301.
AA — DIVORCES c-ott $12; quick, quiet; advice
free: ail law business; no charge unless suc-
cessful. Eiamir.fr building, roim "UG.
L S. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304; consulta-
t'on ?roe: no f<*»g in advance: open eveni n gs.
AUTOMOBILE**. "
'WANTED — To fcuy second-hand automobile In
p»od order: Cadillac preferred. Box 1949
Call office.
ASTHMA _ CtaS.
Ul NOLA'S Asltma Remedy relieves instantly •
10c. 25c. Kk\ ICC2 Market. St. Nicholas also
WiEhart. Tenth and Washington. Oakland.
nOARUIXG FOR CHILDRE.V/ \|
KEFINED iady will rive' iaothEr"s can to
infant. Call Monday. MRS. DL'RNEY, 543
PVedwick ' «.. opp. Golden Gate Park. '
HAVES. 3»-l or 2 school children: best of
ctre: nic* j-ard; use of piano if desired; room
. for (erect.
WANTED— By a woraan, the full care of a
rhlld. For particulars address E. A. 67A
Zc# st. . , % '
WANTED— A ch!l2 to board. 2227 Andcver
; t3t.. Oakland. .
WANTKD — A girl to board, from 8 years up
i- Address l*x I>l3C. Call office.
GOOD heme for one . or two -diildren to board •
official permit. 1910 Baker, nr. Sacramento!
CHILDREN wanted to board. 120 William
street.
CIIILDREN to board. 414 Marlret st.
NICE home for. a child from 2 to 6 yean oid.
Apply 105 South Park.
HOME in city or country for : children; milk,
butter. eßgs. 5<2 Jessie et_ .
CHn.PRKN to board.. 237 Third are.
WANTED— -A child to board; private family.
1530 Hyd«» st. : . \u25a0
DR. HJERCE*S Magnetic Elastic Truss; . per-
fect retainer; . positive .cure ; book free. -.- Ke-
tooved to 206 'Kearny *•*_. room 307.
Roomtng-Honses a»d Hotels for Sale.
MARION GRIFFIN. ;"'--- , '
Room 801..' Bth floor. 1 ' *
James Flood Building,
970 Market St., . V; ; ,• '>-
\u25a0Opposite- *'j \u25a0\u25a0•--\u25a0'\u25a0*-
-. 'The ; Emporium." ' . '
Up-to-date offices. ' -•\u25a0 ':
\u25a0 V ; NEAR THE .' ' •'".''' . . -
ELETVATORS. '*'".-
ALL TITLES .- . ,-
GUARANTEED. ;'-'\u25a0 '.
Rooming-houses and . ' ".'-'\u25a0\u25a0" '\u25a0\u25a0, " \u25a0'\u25a0>;*"
\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0', Hotels-- >v: ..';'>'-;,' \u25a0s-..-:-. . .
.' For sale and rent.- \u25a0 . < '. .'
. Money to loan. . •/;\u25a0,. ..
Tel. Main 33-4-3. ."'*''..,>; " -: .' .\u25a0--';
' a ;SPECiAi' no. l. '\u25a0\u25a0;-\u25a0:
. ; ; will be paid to: any
one --who can discover
an- ounces of dirt in a
. • . 14-room house : we of-
\u25a0 -Terms. -- ; % cash and
,--.\u25a0""\u25a0-. . -v $10 ;' monthly.
.:••;•'/'?; r Proflt \u25a0 $40, monthly.'
mzmk~ . special no. 2.
: ' - -j RENT. $36 fort .
/ V. -24-room house; 1 block
\u0084 from ..Market; a. cor-
: ner;: large yard: room-
ers take care of their
\u25a0 own-rooms.-' • • :
'.;.\u25a0; .Price $1200. -:
A., v. ; \u25a0 $600 .in cash and only
$20 . monthly : ; did you
noUce the rent? .It's
only $1 50 per room. '--
. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 - SPECIAI*'NO. 3.
$1500 ' for 42 rooms.
-Yes, l but true that we
offer . a 42-room COR-
NER house, "clearing
$160- monthly -"."f o r
$1500;;$500 down and
$10 monthly pay-
, , ments;;rent ?125. .
'SPECIAL NO. 4.
' '.-\u25a0>-: —'.-' '.•.-•>;\u25a0 30 'rooms. '
NEW and MODERN.
, ,\u25a0 \u25a0 ' and r" right ? up-to-date;
. fii 1 1 of • : permanent
- high-elais' roqmers; . «
\u25a0 blocks -north of j Mar-
; Profit $165. rrjonthly.
• \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0,- • . • Owner-sick in bed:
..$l5OO, cash required.
\u25a0 - SPECIAL NO.' \u25a0 5."
• . \u25a0 SUTTER st. house;
' - ; . 35-rootn.CORN ER;
lease ;. permanent
- • ' X . JlWeU, Furnished. \u25a0 \u25a0'.
. . \u25a0' " , SPECIAL NO. 6.,;
' FOR EXCHANGE—
\u25a0 '.. *\u25a0' ':37:room. house. >
:..'*. - NEW and MODERN.
\u25a0i ",' north of -Market. , .
. \u25a0 \u25a0. ' ' i"*'- .WANTED
.-:\u25a0:. ;\u25a0 - ' • .; ... -city
. . , r : -\ ' •;' OR
' • ' COUNTRY
' ' >"-: Real'JEstate.
• and m-o-d-e-r-n apart -
• ment-house; partly
. « furnished.^ but NO
,> \u25a0 \u25a0; VACANCIES; apart-
ments. '.mostly let to
. .- - : .";<: high-class . t ena n t s
who V have furnished
up : e-1-erg-a-n-t-l-y
with -a \u25a0 view to mak-
\u25a0' ing it their permanent
home \u25a0• ' *» •
\u25a0/Only $1500
. Cash required and
\u25a0 OUT ''of -'city buyers
-\u25a0'".- -'You- are \u25a0 cordially
\u25a0•• : : . .- invited .'., to •\u25a0 write, us
. .;\u25a0' - and 'toi call .- at our, of-
.;\u25a0*.. fice when! you come to
:'. -\u25a0 . the'dty'df San.Fran-j
--.' . :> ;f.'V clsoo." >. Respectfully. \u25a0 .
* . Ac a tj !#%**•- rißTTrpT^sr
\u25a0 •-; , . fc JoAtuvA , vffXvXX k x*> .
.- _ i"-"WB"LXf* take your
I (now)» of " a 1 16-room
flat; '•lT'S-' completely
. >-V \. v . -.*: •\u0084- ..-. : furnished-: for house-
, •' V. keepingand all let in
2- room .apartments. \u25a0
IT-S. north of Mar-
ket in a nice location;
. '.....' IT* S. a- northeast cor-
• •-". '\u25a0} \u25a0 '\u25a0"-.'• nerand,over stores.
, THE' rent is only $32.
\u25a0 rooms.- 1 , well- furnished :
| close: to Market; price
;•/-\u25a0''/ "Profit ; from, nothing
:, .. \u25a0 up\to $300 per month.
' recently-:,;! carried . an
" • MORTGAGE sale of
-';-: . : -'\u25a0 c " ':\u25a0 a'.< splendid ' high-class
respectable bouse of
•Corner on Post st.
' Small \u25a0 payment down
: and easy installments.
$149 profit banked
- < It's'ahouse to be
. in exchange^for^uiese
Netr 'and'Hiodern, ele-
. . J gantly furnished; five
\u25a0 *\u25a0• ' blocks ' north of Mar-
ket; i clears j $175 each
' 33-room - apartment-
house in 'fine location;
Market;- price $2000^:;
'-.Weil 'furnished -.cor-"
\u0084v ncr" house;' four-year.
\u25a0 \u25a0' \u25a0; , lease; "rent -$375: price
$5000; "profit. $200 per
' Mos't< elegantly far- ,
class, 1 , competent, reli-
V able, industrious sales-
customers -\ w h o .'.; d o
/ MARION. GRIFFIN" 3
V- ,; Real, -Estate Office \u0084
10 or. 12/ room bouse; \
in, even: exchange for
\u25a0 - - '-. .\u25a0 * .. _ . . . > . a .'. downtown * house /of
Vr twlee ; that size doing =
\u25a0 : " '. ; . '' . '.'.\u25a0;-.• „\u25a0 ;.' v -,;.;;'.feUbIKBBS.'
LODGING-HOUSES iFOR^ : SALE.
A— FISHER *" CO.; , . :'•; James^ Flood : B!dg^
lll|l>''lilllllP|l|l«O'i Main - 3354. ;\u25a0<. '-,- - ' ' :- V \u25a0 . V.r-
Present iai fine r line ;• of - ' rooming-houses:
; . many ? real .' bargains ; ,;\u25a0 investigation 1 desired. ,-% \u25a0:
CORNER?" residence,^ 14 '.sunny proems, rniceiy"
>\u25a0. '\u25a0 furnished ; * Golden * Gate - f ave.yi east ) of a Fil 1- ,
more st. : clears . $40. .v Boxt'4Pso/; Call j office: ,
COR."* housed 10 rmaT; 1 well » f nrnri tiskpg.* suits; '\u25a0 J
*J fnUyi rented.*: bargain;' s3oo.f^Boxt27l4.>Call.- |
MISSION.^ 811 H— Good i bargain; ! 14 llnlcely* f ur-
rooms; cheap; rent; 'good .location. |
EVERY :" W ANT AD VEHTISEMEIsFf PHINTEP INTHE SAN§EJ^^ISraHGABIi^ MPNDAySmAY^2^;?I9OSI
9
I HELP WANTED— MALE— Continued.
LOOK.
10. laborers around a steam shovel, $67 50.
LUMBER COMPANY.
25 laborers, pile lumber,* fare $4 20. $45 fd.
3 lumber pliers, company work, fare 40c, $00
AT ONCE.
Biacksmith. ranch, fare $4 $5O found. .
Carriage painter, striper, etc.. $12 -$lB week.
PATTERN-MAKER.
Pat tern - maker, , mine town, $3 25 day.
LOOK.
Waiter, first-claps city h0te1.. 535 found.
Man to work in nurserj't wagon, city, $20 fd.
Can washer, $20 found.
Free Fare. Free Fare.
I.W laborers teamsters. 60.
FURNITURE POLISHER &. CARPET LAYER
Polisher, $D day; carpet layer. $4 day. city
Job. , : , . . .
EXTRA SPECIAL. ' \
American Banking and Trust. . -
25 laborers. you'U suit, special job, $37 50
\u25a0 found. ; .
Fare $1 50. Office fee. $1
MURRAY A READY.'y 634-636 Clay, st -
AT C. R. HANSEN & C 0.'5 .... ..429 Bush st.
Frfnch ccok, resort, near city $50 found
Cock, lunch house city, no Sunday work..
$12 week
R^conri cook, restaurant, city.. $14 week
Bake, institution, city $40 found
Pastry rook's helper..; $45 and board
Diehwaf=her, restaurant Santa Barbara..
' .$3O found
2 waiters, country restaurant.. s3o-$35 found
Waiter, nurses' hall, city ;... $3O board
2 bUF boys ...\s2s-S3O
Man to run dynamo, care for electric lights,
resort .130 found
Man and wife, private place, party here.. sss
Milker and farmer, Sonoma County '
$35-$4O found
Gardiner. Nevada, party 'here $40 found
Stabloman. country stables. ...$3O and found
Tf-am»tc-r* and laborers. State of Nevada,
rate fare $2 25 day
C. n." HANSEN & CO. .423 Bush Bt.
;SI»ECIAI> — First cook. $«>; "second cook. $50;
potxasher, ?:?0: company boarding-house,
country; party at our office at 9:30 a/ m.
to-day. C. R HANSEN- & CO.. 429 Bush st
\u25a0POULTRYMAN, $30 ana found; teamsters.
$1 25, $1 50 day and ?50 month and board;
screw turner for mill, $50 and board; 2 line
pullers, $U5 and found: woodsmen for pine
and redwood, $4O to $50 and board; harness-
makvr, $2 50 day; young Eastern driver. $35
and found; 3 blacksmiths, $2 75 and $3 day;
brick wheelers; milkers. $30 to $40 and found;
farmers, farmers and wives, choremen; baker
for institution, $40 and found; waiter for
country. $3 to $10 week, fare advanced ;
cooks and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
62S Sacramento st. .
WANTED — Bookkeeper for a mine w^io can do
pome aseayinK: salary $100 and increase. See
J. F- fROSETT, 02S Sacramento eU
AT HORD & SMITH'S, 741 Mission st. nr. 3d.
NEVADA— NEW RAILROAD WORK.'
FREE FARE — FREE FARE. '
TEAALSTERS— SHIP TO-DAY.
SONOMA COUNTY— RAILROAD WORK.
Teamsters, $2 25; laborers. $2; board $4 50;
ship to-day. «
TO miles from city; a year's work; labor-
ers, $2.
WANTED — Young man, 22 to 40 years of age,
having successful experience with poultry;
must be strictly temperate and industrious;
wages *25 and found, with chance to -ad-
vance if competent Santa Teresa Poultry
Farm. Edenvale, Cal.
WANTED — Foreman for printing office in LO6
Angeles? 15 men employed; good wages to
the right man. Apply to B. R. BAUMGARDT
bet. 12 and 1, to-day (Monday), room t2>6,
•Palace Hotel. -; .
BRIGHT, active Italian, - well * acquainted
among his people, to introduce first-class
proposition; good pay; permanent employ-
ment. Address box 5220, Call office.
ACTIVE men of good address, who are ener-
getic and willing to work, first-class proposi-
\u25a0 tlon; permanent employment. Apply 629
Starr King, bldg.. S to 10 a. m.
WANTED — One electrical and one good all-
around draughtsman. Apply to FRANK S.
HOLLAND. • 216 Bush j st., engineering de-
partment '
WANTED — Upholsterer and carpet layer. 2611
Phattuck aye., Berkeley; Dwight way sta-
• tion. - •\u25a0 ' --\u0084;..\u25a0 :.-.v .•-.-, •
RELIABLE boy, age 17. retail hardware and
repair store; state wages. Box £228, Call.
"KXPKRIEXCED window cleaner for Bohemian
ciub. \u25a0• .'\u25a0••;
EXPERIENCED butcher wanted for Bohemian
Club. \. .. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u0084 : ;
GOOD, steady, sober barber. 615 Hayes st.
WANTED— A first-class barbery Apply 214
Mason st. - . .. \u25a0 .- - . |
SALOON porter wanted. Apply 119 Sixth et?
Solano Bar, bet. 12 and 2. 1
ACTIVE, educated men to sell the New Inter-
national Encyclopedia in California; people
are interested and a man who understands j
the business, or willing to learn, can "make
big money. Call or address DODD. MEAD
& CO., 561 Parrott building. San Francisco.
BOY wanted who would like to have a summer
vacation on a email ranch free of expense; no
hard or tiresome work; must know how to
harness a horse and be willing to assist
about the house; *a. good, steady, boy with
references. Address box 4866.- Call office.
WANTED — Young man. 16 to 18 years old,
assist general office work; beginner short-
hand and typewriting; must live in Oakland.
X B. and A. L. STONE CO., 000 Broadway,
Oakland. CaL . \u25a0 . .-
LEARN telegraphy and R. R. accounting; $S0
to $150 per month salary paid our graduates;
our six schools Indorsed by all railroads; day
and evening session; apply for catalogue.
Morse School of Telegraphy. 2tt O'Farrell st.
SEVERAL bright boys, 16 to IS years old. good
references, to learn a wholesale business;
salary $i 5 per month to begin with; reply
in own handwriting. Box 5053. ,Call office.
WANTED — Salesmen to handle a household ,
necessity; sold from our wagons: no eotperi-'
ence necessary. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 313
Mason st. -' \u25a0_
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; S weeks
complete; position guaranteed; tuition earned
white learning. Call or write MOLER COL-
LEGE, 644 Clay St., near Kearny.
WANTED — Men over 20 to . prepare, at once,
for Custom-house positions: examination- in
July: particulars free. Pacific Correspondence
Institute. Grant blclg., 1095 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver Hous<\
217 Third st; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
THREE gentlemen to present:, first-class In-
vestment proposition: big money to right par-
tleß. Address box 1850, Cail office. . -
CITY salesman desiring commission side lin«
manufacturing district; state occupation.'- Box
5025. Call office. .. - » .-.''.'\u25a0."
ERRAND boys wanted; must' be 14 years. of
age or over; bring certificate. Apply Superin-
tendent's office. THE EMPORIUM.
WANTED — Men td fill 300 rooms at 20c per
nteht: clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light in every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
WANTED — Men to learn the barber trade;
eteady practice; expert , instructors. • Call : or
write for terms. -Gilman's College. 627 Clay.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, $1 and $1 60
pair; foqt-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bldg.; open till 9 pm.
WHEELWRIGHT , wanted \u25a0at O'BRIEN &
SONS. 500 Golden Gate *v«. y .
WANTED— Cash . boys and wagon boys.' Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.' •
BOY wanted. Fringe factory. 113 CFarrell
street .
BOYS wanted: good wages. 607 ' Market st .
A BOY about 15 years oM. EAGLESON A
CO.. 535 Market st. , ... ;
THREE young men; good chanon learn the bar-
- bcr trade free in shop. 7.M Mission Et. .
GILLETTS teacbe*" barber ; trade free: write
for particulars. 630 Commercial st, 1 8. F.
FEEDER on paper-box cutting press. 520 Mar-
ket st. \u25a0'-\u25a0 ..-\u25a0 -.\u25a0•-.:•.•.\u25a0:•\u25a0 \u25a0. .- .- . ; ;-•- 1 \u25a0' \r .:.;..
'AGENTS to sell Miller's, Electric Soap Polish
in. city. ,403 Stevenson ,st." near Firth.- j --' •
YOUNG man to do janitor work for tuition in
San Francisco Barber School,' 74lA; Howard..
SAILORS and ordinary peamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Stuart st' \
PENSION atty.. E. A. BulUs, r. 40. Phelan bid.
Past Coin. Geo. IL Thomas Post, G. Ai R.
LABOR - debts collected; suits." attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 49 2d fit, r. "522."
I GET your shoe* ; half-soled whn> waiting: ; 25c'
-* to 60c' 11. Third st. Examiner building.- .'
i SAILORS and' young men (green hands) £ for
ships. HALLBERT. 517'Jackion ,st. ; ,-
I WINCHESTER Hotrt.. 44 -Third Bt. "near Mar-
ket— 7oo rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bes and baggage to and from 'ferry. 1 - »'•"•'.•
ADVERTISEMENTS. 1 subscriptions r^celred at
Call branch office. oor.Dnncan and Church sts.
JinSCELLANEguS-- jFOR . SA.IiE—-Con.
FOR ealp — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying: modern bar fix-
tures: cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. \u25a0 652 Mission St. -' '.
A — BUYS, sells and rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 336 Main st
JERSEY cow, , 16 quarts milk a day: also
buggy. 176 Randall St.. off Chenery. Apply
Sunday, between ' 10 and 11 a. m.
A LOT of fl"« homer pigeons for sale- on ac-
count of overproduction ai 2221 Beach «t;
Harbory'View. - \u25a0
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we psy express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
H-O ; campers: Harrison's blue flame; valve-
! less; oil-gas stove; a powerful heater for
.cooking, baking etc. J. Irving, 771 Bryant
BEAUTIFUL carved sideboard cheap. 3009
Buchanan st. / \u25a0
LARGE - fireproof cafe for sale cheap. Box
4699. Call office. .
TWO tents. 16x16, 12-©*., Al condition, $18-
Call after 6, cr Sunday, 1454 Devisadero st
HIGH grade 2d-hand office saf e and . wagon
scale. PARCELLS SAFE CO.. 216 California.
AWNINGS, tents, covers, etc ROS3 McMA-
HON CO.. 35 Market »t. -
DESKS bought sold, exchanged. T. D. Mc-
CARTHY CO.. 807 Mission; phone South 811y i
SAFES— New 'and second-hand! THE HeS-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento st
SAFES "and cash registers: new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1525 Market et. ,
2D- HAND bldg. material; lumber, door. sash.
\u25a0-\u25a0 plnmh. material. 'The Dolan Co., 1607 Market
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. BULLARP & BRECK, 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
HIGHEST PRICES PAID FOR BALL AND
EVENING DRESSES, GENTLEMEN'S
SUITS. ETa 922 FOLSOM; TEL. Jessie 446.
WANTED— To buy a machtne to do accordion
plaiting. Address 582 West San Carlos st.
r San Jose.
WANTED — Building contractors to erect a
large sanitarium; send terms for installments
or cash. Address P. O. box 265. Eureka, Cal.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
.ofl* clothing. t Tel. Davis 825. 650 Sacramento.
Highest prices paid. for ladies' and gents' cast-
off clothing. Tllton. 154 9th; tel. Jessie 3916.
BUILDINGS and building material bought The
Dolan Co.. 1607 Market st ; phone Jessie 2921.
DIAMONDS, etc., bought for cash. Karl Eber
& Co.. 400-401 Adams bldg.. 206 Kearny st.
HONEF TO LOAN.
AA— MONEY TO LOAN.
On furniture, pianos, warehouse receipts or
security of any kind, without removal; we
make loans on the EASIEST PLAN in tho
WORLD: payments to SUIT YOUR CON-
VENIENCE; in case of SICKNESS or loss of
EMPLOYMENT we EXTEND THE LOAN;
you take no chance of LOSING your GOODS.
• This is a TRUST COMPANY; our rates are
RIGHT and no DESERVING PERSON is re-
fused; CASH ADVANCES made to salaried
people. LINCOLN FINANCE CO., rooms 15-
16, 7JQ Market St., opp. Phclan building.
—MANHATTAN LOAN. COMPANY (Inc.) —
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5% AND 6 PER CENT. . . .
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided interests in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests in property
purchased. \u25a0 i . - , \u25a0 .
\u25a0 .....MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.....
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg. : phone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Esaminer building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trast,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN ~~: " ..
.A reasonable amount on ....
Ist. 2d cr 3d-^.^ v
Morteages on real estate.: -
In city, town or county.
Low rate of interest -
. Give full Darticulars
' * of property.
Location, etc *
Bar 223. Call office. .
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 1
per cent Interest Baldwin Jewelry Store,
878 Market st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch. 1192
Market st and 27 Third tX-- . I .
SALARY LOANS—" "
Money loaned salaried people without security
or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one: confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses. - without
security: easy payments: large business in 40
principal cities. TOLMAN. 533 Parrott bldg.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity; also on real estate:
Ist or 2d mortgages or on any security: any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36. •
ANY % amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal or other security; lowest
rates:: no commission; confidential. 506-7
" Donohoe bldg., 8 Taylor st. cor. Market.
MONEY. Money. Money.
, Any proposition. 49 2d st, 'WeUs-Fargo Ex-
press bldg. Wage-Earners' Invt. & Loan Co.
LOANS on diamonds, watches and Jewelry ;
private offices, 400-401 Adams building; 206
Keamy st. Globe Mercantile and Loan Co.
SALARIED people without security; also on
furn.. estates in probate, life ins. policies, etc.
Empire Loan & Invest. Co.. 612 Parrott Wdg.
ORIGINAL UNCLE BILL, . the only liberal
one In his line, at his . new • quarters. . 808
Market st, corner. Fourth, 2d floor, suite 1.
MONEY to loan at 2 per cent a month; gold
sliver, diamonds, pearls and - precious stones
bought at W. J. WESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
A — ONE per cent per month on valuables.
PORTLAND JEWJJLRT CO.. 25 Stockton st
ON real estate, improved or unimproved; any
\u25a0 \u25a0 amount. $10(» up. W. J. White, 26 Mont?., r.ft.
LOANS on salaries. Collaterals, stocks, bonds,
etc -Pioneer Co., 819 'Market st, room 31
LOANS — Salaried, people; "confidential"; 2 per
cent; chattels, etc 466 Montgomery, r. 515.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 012 Mutual Bank bid.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co., 420 California st, a rooms 14 and 15.
SALARIED people on .note. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. 125-127 Phelan bldg. Privata...
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Pay. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorsej. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg. .
MONEY "WANTED.
$ib^o7^UM7~sis.o6o^aTli2 peir cent on~enti rely
\u25a0, good mortgages; other amounts at 9 and 10
per cent DU RAY SMITH, broker. 426 10th
st. Oakland. \u25a0 .: • : ,\u25a0, \u25a0 •\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 -- \u25a0--
"WANTED — $2500 for 4 : months: will assign
. $6000 glltedge security; best of ' reference.
Address Contractor", box 5026, Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
* " SEVEN UPRIGHT BARGAINS.
Mansfeldt & N0tn1. .............%.,....... .{110
Mayson,' used 1 year, mahogany ca5e. .... .5170
Boothe oak case, upright grand .SISO
Neumann, cost $350, new, perfect order. .$195
Sterling laUsfs3so style, used 1 year $235
Marshall & Wendell.: mahog. case, 8 m 05..5245
Curtaa, latest style, used 8, m0nth5........ 5295
Checkering. Vcura, \u25a0 Steinway, Weber and others.
J" BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrell st
BEST renting stock In the city ; good uprights
at $2 per mo.; some at $2 50; our own make,
'-* irj- one year's rental allowed off purchase
price. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560
Hayes st. \ .: -V f ' '\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0'/ \u25a0' -"-'. .. '
AT Heine Piano Co.. 237 Geary »t, you can,
rent : good. - new pianos - for ;$3 * per month ;
rent, applied if purchased. -
PIANO, $125: good ' condition; account of re-
v movaL ''"\u25a0\u25a0> 533 Sutter «t.' corner Mason: "no
I dealers. . : .\u25a0.•.':; '.-. !-, . -...' .'-"'\u25a0'- ""' "''-..'- • \
RENT piano from Bruonn. 225 Sutter. and get '
your'tnu*lc~free;'.renta:s2 tip.' ' ,_- ::.::: ~'.
ELEGANT \u25a0: upright < pianos, $100 and: $125.
BONEUJ. 301 Eddy st " ..«./.'\u25a0
AUCTION prices: storage piano, $12 SO up. and
;* furniture. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Market
ELEGANT uprlghtmnew & 2d-band.s4s to $500.
; * Plerce's - Piano Factory; Market and 14th sts. \u25a0
SOHMER, -Byron Mauay pianos, - Cecilian piano
pla yer. BYRON M AUZY. 308-312 Post st ,
•NEW- upright plane* sold on $5 monthly pay--
\u25a0 \u25a0 meats. . SCHMTTZ > A CO., 16 McAllister at.'
4-PEDAL Stefnw*y vm Cbickertng baby grand.
6bonlng*>r little and. Ke* ace's. 385 O*F*R«U.
. SOLICITORS WANTED.
UNITED STATES IMPROVEMENT AND IN-
VESTMENT COMPANY. 53S California St..
'prrpoaes to reclaim Chinatown' and build new
. Oriental City; agents wanted;, liberal con-
. tracts; references required. \u0084 .
LADY- solicitors to Introduce to the ladies of
-San Francisco a new toilet article; ; salary
and commission. Apply room : 16, Chronicle
building. 10 to 12 a. m. . ' - : ... \u0084
SOLICITORS for a good, reliable firm: salary
guaranteed; 2 to travel ; salary and ex-
penses. Call or address apartment 18, 1230
; Pine st. -\u25a0\u25a0 .- '..- .\u25a0-;\u25a0 . .-..,\u25a0 .v;
2 FIRST-CLASS solicitors; city, business;
splendid opportunity. 2200 Fillmorc st. \u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0 ;
HORSES ASD WAGONS.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College next session
will begin July 17; catalogue free. DR. E. J.
CREELY. nresident, 511 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale — A team of well matched ponies. 4
and 5 years old; gentle. to ride or drive; can
b* seen at 1331 Folsom.st.
A GOOD young black matched driving team
for sale cheap. Address H. E. BAHN-
SEN. Petaluma. Cal. . .
FOR sale — Victoria, brougham, buggy, horse
and harness. Inquire California Stable. 16JU
California Bt.
HORSE for sale. Apply 275 Sadowa st..
Ocean .View.
A RUBBER-TIRE BaHy buggy for sale at the
Fashion Stable. 221 Ellis st.
FOR sale — Business buggy, top buggy and
phaeton; cheap. 523 Fulton Bt.
FOR sale — 3 second-hand trucks, 1 single
truck. . 1 5-ton goose-neck truck. 233 Beale.
FOR sale— One young, gray horse: 1300 lbs;
$165; make offer. 4604 Eighteenth st.
FOR sal"— Cheap, a 3-spring buggy and sec-
ond-hand wagons. 1210 Pierce si. nr. Eddy.
AUCTION rale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
HARNESS and saddles. Belling out at cost;
"no fake." 110 Market' st., near ferry.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 552 Mission st.
NEW baker's wagon, latest style; one laundry
\u25a0 wagon and buggy cheap.. 828 Harrison st.
NEW and second-hand wagons sold cheap. 1680
Mission St.. near Thirteenth. \u25a0
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list of houses toTet; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
HANDSOME sunny house. 9 rooms and ser-
vant's room; $60. water extra. '2162 Pine St.,
near Webster.
FAIR OAKS. 38 — Sunny house, 8 rooms, bath,
laundry; good location: rented; good tenant.
MARY. 20, near Fifth -and Mission — 7 rooms,
double parlors; cheap. "
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
A JACKSON-st. furnished residence to let,
3009 Jackson et. Apply at premises from
11 to 3 o'clock. -
HOUSES FURNISHED— FOR SALE.
10- ROOM house,' partly furnished and carpeted,
for sale cheap. 12*5 Turk st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1030, near Lyon st. —
Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath; double
yard; entirely renovated; $25; water free. .
NEW colonial style cottatre. 7 rooms; tinted
- basement; large yard; $32 50. 551 Third aye.
INVESTMENTS.
ONE CHANCE IN A LIFETIME— Now is the
\u25a0 time to take it; conif end invest a little of
your money In some good mining stock that
will pay you good dividends.
Arrangements can be made so that you can
make weekly payments on your stock. Call
and let us convince you. •
J. W. JAQUITH & CO_
Rooms 874-876-878 James Flood bldg.,
San Francisco, Cal.
INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented,* exchanged; manufacturer of the
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt: tel. Park 775.
JAPANESE LAUNDRIES.
JAPANESE^ TOKYO ""LAUNDRY; flrst-claas
work at reasonable rates. 429-31 Francisco
St.. San Francisco, Cal. ; tel. Red 6247.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST---On HaJght St., between Park and Fifth
st, a handsome mink fur. Please return to
MISS MEUSSDORFFER. 534 Third St.; re-
ward offered. \u25a0\u25a0.".: - •
LOST — $200 reward for the recovery of five
' diamoud rings.' wrapped in handkerchief, lost
. on southbound local passenger train between
Salinas and San Luis Oblepo on May 12. Re-
turn to D. A. SMITH. 050 Markot st.
LOST — A passbook with, the Hibernia Savings
and Lean Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JULIA NEWMARK. No. 262-205.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — In' Sausalito or road to Lime Point,
black feather, boa; reward." WIELAND
BROS., 119 Clay st.
PARTIES are known who took white dog from
Hotel Ellis. Return same and no questions
asked. , . ' \u25a0 j
LOST— Lad y's O size Waltham gold watch.
Thursday evening: inscription inside. Re-
turn to 305 Call building and receive reward. ;
LOST— GoId B. Y. P. U. pin: E. M. S. on
bock; reward. WM.. H. DOLLING, 3 Hardie
place. \u25a0\u25a0--•:. '
LOST — Enamel watcb in or near. Golden Gate
Park. Return 3002 Clay St.; reward.
SKIFF, white painted. Finder please report to
J. P. PETERSON. 3 Steuart st.
LOST — Red. cocker; long tail; license tag No.
70S. Return 1610 Van Ness aye.; $10 reward.
FOUND— In Bedwood canyon, small fox ter-
rlcr bitch. J. F. HAULTAIN. Mill Valley.
LOST — Black \u25a0 cocker ', spaniel ; female. Return
to 2061 Mission st.; reward.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C. A McNEILL LAUNCH ' CO., foot of Clay
.St.. for pleasure and . business ; tel. Bush. 534.
FASTEST, best boats on bay; pleasure parties,
towing. S. F. Launch CO., 5 Steuart st.
LOFTS TO LET.
LOFt! 25xieO:- rent reduced BACIGALUPI,"
780 Mission st. \u25a0- . \u25a0;-..' . . . • . ; \u25a0 ..\u25a0
' MEDICAL.
LADIES who 'are in trouble or Buffering from
any ailment peculiar to tbelr sex can find
immediate relief ; by consulting Dr. White,
' who has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' experience: without a /failure has
put him at the head. He guarantees relief
or ho pay: one visit at office Is necessary;
don't waste time by. writing.
DR. .WHITE, 702 Market si, rooms 7 and S.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELLr^Ladles, all who are
sick or In trouble, consult this specialist on
femal* complaints; positively corrected; the
Unfortunate 'helped: the most difficult cases
ti^ated : every case : taken ; immediate relief ;
• nov poisoning drugs: low fees; my methods
will cure all cases of irregularity; consult rce
save time and money. Aavlce free. -: Office,
101S Market st: hours, 9 a. m. till 9 p. m. .
LADIES— I'm a graduate physician, qualified
to give' profossidnal | advice and skillful treat-
- mentto select cases; -should. you desire tho
best attention, call or write. In confidence,
DR. R. H. WESTON'S ofCce, 305 Kcarny et.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed' CO years' -experience. 044 Post st.
MRS. DR.' KOHL, reliable Bpeclalist fcr all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
3 lief guaranteed.' Office hours 9 to 5. Sunday
'10 to 2. 100K& Market Bt. opposite Fifth.
A-DR. and Mrs. Goodwin, : 850 Market, opp. •
4th. r. S7— Est' 26 yrs. In S. F. ; instant ro-
; .lie.* for all female complaints guaranteed. y
DR. C. C. \u25a0 O'DON NBLL^-Of flee and residence,
> 1021 4 Market st, bet 6th and 7th: partica-
iar attention paid to diseases of women. . v
DR. and , MRS. DAVIBS .and Hindoo Herbs;
original .^method of treatment 1128 Market
DR. ROSEN. r?sldence 2995 Folsom st. corner
; . Twenty-sixth; ladies, relief or no fee; $10,
MISCELLANEOUS-^FOR.. SALE. , ,
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH-& WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont - s t : ? •
2D-H AND machinery.- engines, boilers." pumps,
pulleys, ; shafting.' etc., .' : etc., • bought, sold. •
.. '- rented artd '\u25a0\u25a0 exchanged ; <-etc ' Sunday *. papers. '
/ H. S-; WHITE -MCHY CO.- 130-132, BeaJtTfct
FOR sale— One; Horendum hot beater, 2
V COO- gallon? tanks; : also a beautiful oval shape
a 4- way ' drinking . = fountain.-, made « out "\u25a0 of •• 16 •
\< "French plate mirrors;', cheap. 1208 .Market' 1
A — GENTS* .'•- full .' dress ; i suits to . rent.'" ' J. •
. COOPER, 21 Stockton st, second floor.' ; : fe ;,;.;
PF.n.sovALy — Continued. %
FREE— FREE— FREEL
Manicuring. halrdresslng. marcel wavw,
an<i facial massag* to thes*
using my preparations, .face powders, per-
fumes, lotion?, skin foods. Mme. Idalin*
Face Cream, etc.. for »ale at all dnurgtsts*
as<i at my parlors; be sure and ask year
druggist for my card;' I also remove super-
fluous hair, birth marks and all facial blem-
ishes and treat the skin and scalp. Consul-
tation free; #cc rey new and beautiful of-
fices. Write or telephone Main 53C9 for bock-
let. DR. W. C. SCHLEY, 1001-1003-1051.
. James Flood btdg.. San Francisco. Cal.
JIA WEEK; suits to order $15 np. LEMO3.
1127 Market «t.. between Seventh and EtgaUL
ONE dollar weekly keeps yon In fln« clothinc.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
MASQUERADE costumaa play books, wigs;
country order». GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
PHYSICIANS A.YD SUIIGEOXS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS~and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new methods; en« week's
treatment tie*. Dr. Cotttngnam. fl Powell tt.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eaaea cured by Chinese herb*. 74«-« Ctay »t.
PATE.VTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torncy-at-law. 9 Hobart hldg.. 832 Market rt.
5^X55^535: L
GOOD rasturage for horses and eattl* nw
Vallejo. Apply to Napa Improvement Cotn-
pany. 124 California st.
REAL ESTATE — COUXTRT — For Sale.
WHITE & BAYLET.
DON'T BE A SLAVE.
Grinding away on a small salary, malrin*
money for a greedy employer or some con-
scienceless corporation; buy a little com* in
the country and raise your family in health
and Independence: we ha?e choice little homes
suitable for fruit, alfalfa or poultry on «asy
terms; investigate now.
S'Mih — Garden loam. S acres, dose to electrio
cars, above PetaJuma; fine corn and potato
land: only hair cash.
.$000—32 acres, near St. Helena: 20 One soil
under cultivation; water piped to buildings: 4-
room cottage; cellar; good barn; snap.
$1300— Near WatsonviUe: 1 mile station: 13
acres; 10 acres in apples; 2 acres berries; 1
acre alfalfa; balance hay; new bous« and
barn; farming tools.'
i $ldoo — 10 acres, near electric cars. Sonoma
County; fine sandy loam; 7 acres grapes; rural
delivery; only $400 down.
$1650 — Close to Sonoma City; 4 acres dark
level loam; orchard; new hard finished cot-
tage; nice barn, windmill and tank; cement
cellar; poultry and brooder houses: 400 laying;
hens. 175 pullete; we have cozy little homes
around Sonoma City on eaay terms; let us
drive you out to inspect them.
.$l9O0 — On electric line, near Sebastopol; 1O
acres sandy loam in vines and berries; only
$000 down.
$3000 — 10 acres rich loam soil, near Penn-
grove. Sonoma County; 6 acres bearing orchard.'
mostly apples; fine well, cottage, large bam;
flee poultry and brooder houses; SCO chickens:
fanning tools; fine income hone; other choice
homes in this locality; let us show you around.
$150 per acre, close to Sebastopol and Luther
Burbank's famous place; only 1 miles city of
Santa Rosa; 10 and 20 acre tracts of pur*
sandy loam, planted to fruit and berries;
rural delivery; few blocks electric cars; only
one-third cash, balance long as desired.
$5500 — Dairy and stock ranch in Upper Nap*
Valley of 350 acres; 3 miles town; 30 acres
bearing orchard; some grapes; 5- room house; 2
large barns: horses', 2v> head cattle, wagons,
farming tools; rolling land.
$3&00 — On county road. 9 miles of Mountain
View; IS6 acres. 130- tillable; fine oak timber;
large springs: half cash.
ALFALFA AND FRUIT LAND.
We are subdividing in 10 and 20 acre tracts
fine black sandy loam land near Lodi: from
$60 to $<> per acre; some 2 miles of town and
some on the Woodbridge canal.
$30 per acre — Alfalfa land; rich sandy loam:
In small tracts; all under ditch; 3 miies of
Rlpon; 17 miles south of Stockton; near cream-
ery, school, church and warehouses; cream
shipped daily to San Francisco; half cash.
$30 per acre — 1000 acres sandy loam, one"
mile of fine R. R town, 125 miles city; per-
fectly level with irrigation ditch through land;
part cash; party buying and subdividing will
make a fortune.
$10,000— Close to High School In beautlM!
town of Oakdale: 20 acres rich sandy loam;
12 acres apricots: 3 acres cherries: 5 acr«s
peaches, family orchard; new pumping plant;
elegant modern residence of 0 rooms, porcelain
bath, clothes and china closets; hardwood
"mantels, etc; income $1500 per year; tins up-
to-date . home might consider first-class bay
property in exchange.
TITLES GUARANTEED.
$8000— Fine water plaat. supplying town 2
miles away; ia Santa Clara County: large res-
ervoirs, mains and pipes., together with »T
acres farming land: clearing 1 per cent per
month on price asked; might consider ex-
change.
$55iK> — Only 1 mile of Haywards; 37 acres
fine land; 4 acres bearing orchard; modem
house, 6 rooms and bath; finest barn in conn-
ty, alone cost $40iN>; fine view; this is the beat
buy in the vicinity; part cash.
$7875 — On Aimaden aye.. south of San Jos*;
33 acres mostly level, nearly all in bearins
orchard; good 7-room residence; stable: drying
plant: farming tools: half cash.
$1»00 — 5 acres. 3 miles Haywards; 300 trait
trees, mostly apricots: cozy house, barn, wind-
mill: running water: plenty wood: clos* school.
$6750 — Island land, near Stockton, on R R.;
ditch; free water; finest bean, potato, alfalfa j
and onion land; rented $11 aa acre: tenant*
will lease 5 years; house, barn, etc
Send stamp for the largest and moat diversi-
fied printed list on the coast.
WHITE & BAYLET.
Successors to> \u25a0
"W. J. WHITE.
28 Motngomery st., room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty. *' -•
CHICKJEN RANCHES FOR SALE.
$3300 — 10 acres; chicken ranch, all com-
plete.
5-acre place with 1000 hens; cheap.
, $2250 for a good chicken ranch.
22 1-3 acres of fine soil, good house. lots of ,
; hens and everything complete for a nic*
', poultry ranch.
40 acres; on main road, near Santa Roea;
$2100.
All these places are between Soata Ross
and Petaluma, near school and postotfice.
Call or address WEST A HALUDAY.
. COTATL CAL.
CALL on J. P. Massn Co.. rooms 2C7-SOB Untoo
Trust building, if you are looking for country
property; large or email tracts for all par-
poses; we know we can suit you.
180 ACRES first-class farming land in 9ontn^
crn Monterey County; plenty of wood and
water: situated in oil belt. FREDERICK.
3739 Seventeenth «t.
FREE — BEST CATALOGUE OS* POTJLTKT.
FRUIT. ALT ALFA. DAIRY AXD STOCK
RANCHES. BURR-PADDOf* COl. 40 Moct-
gonrery St.. San Francisco^ C^L ;
Seed postal for catalogue of the best laxtd *
bargains m California. C* M. "WOOSTER
CO., «S Market lit. ,«,.
PORTLAND. Or., choice cor.; central; jjt>w
Imp.; always rented: also lot a-ijoialnsr; $11.-
000; exchange for city prop. Box 271(1. fan
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — Th* Weekly Call.
• 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 p«r year.
MARWr COITNTY REAL ESTATE.
CHAPMAN PARK— COrte Madm.
• Don't boy till you se« this apiendkt tract.
Sightly villa lots, half acre and upwards.
Superb view of Mountain and Bay. Shel-
tered from hish winds. Pure spring water,
sewers, electric lights, etc. Ten minntes*
walk to cars. Very low prtces; term* easy.
S«e this tract to-day. Take S&oaallto ferry
and electric cars to forte Madera. Only 45
minutes frcm Saa Francisco. We will build
bungalow or cottaee to suit you. Plata and
price list on application.*
CTIAS. F. O'BRIEN A CO.. 30 Montgomery rt.
BUBLI.VGAME REAL ESTATE.
~ WHT NOT BUT THB BEST? ~~
Ocr Burlingame Track, with its beautiful
roads lined wtth staad« trees and its many -
attractive homes, commends Itself to those
who are seeking a delightful spot . for a
i home at a moderate price. Thia fenwaij lies
1 within a few mlnuten' walk-oC the station:.
I the roads air all sewered and wa£*r main*
laid; no saloons or cbJertlnnaM« rxrUdings of
any . character allowed: prtces range from
< $500 for a lot sOxls<>. and upward: $100 cash,
balance monthly: 112 lots have been sold in
a short time. LYON A HOAG. 118 Montgom*
>ery-q. \u25a0 .
\ MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
1 -\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'-.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0 .— ,.i...,^»..^.- 1. 11 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 ..--.\u25a0\u25a0
AN ideal spot for a home. We 'are sellin? lots
-right at thr station in charming Mill Vallsy.
* covered with beautiful trees, running back. .
to a pretty brook, for {650. W# have otaer*
. not quite so desirably situated as low. as .
$300. Very easy terms; 10 per cent cash.
$*•> monthly. Can you Imagine such a> d*» .
ctdM ch&nxe ' within 45 minutes from, tho "
city? On account of sll tbes* attractions w*
have sold ltß lets: only a few left, so get in
. and buy now. Agent on the ground Sunday..
LION A HOAG. 118 Montgomery st.
U wk*? v* Pace IA
IIV:l ' r IVAXTEn— 3IALE — Continued.
1 A-JintRAY £ READY. CM-iiSO Clay St.
Hlione Mam .V»4S.
OFFICE HOURS, 7 h. ra. TO 10 r- m.
This new .«> "ttm gives employers' a change to
l'hone us -until 10 p. m.
Likewise
All can call alter Ui'iF day's work.
! Our Own Printing
Piant lasves tur, free list of pr»sitions four
times daily— 7 a . m.. 10 a. m.. "•;
IAV- m., 4 p. m. •
EMPLOYERS. ATTENTION".
OUR INVESTICATION AND SEGREGA-
TION KKfcTLT IN THE PRODUCTION OF
FIKST-CLASS HELP.
IV YOU WANT
THE BESTiHKLP no AS OTHERS DO.
i-KND VOVn ORDERS TO
MLSctItAY & READY. tiJi-tSlti Clay St..
Leading L":np lament and I^abor Agents.
Plione Main SStS.
THE RIGHT \u25a0OF MAN TO LIVE. THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
W> cr-ve in 1901 190S we hope to-
C4.00U m-m work. increase 64,000.
We do not f.upply female help, but we do
•apply men anj wives for all classes of work.
V»'E SPEAK THE
German, French. Italian. • Portupiyese. Span-
ish. Slavonian. Scandinavian, Hungarian and
Grcefc languap-cs.
TO-PAY
. f.2»>5 men wanted; frcm Jl.*> to $155 month.
1 TO-DAY WE i-HIP TO
: NEVADA — UTAH— ARIZONA— OREGON—
WASHINGTON— HAWAIIAN ISJ^ANDS.
And all i>arts of California.
GOVERNMENT WORK. STEADY JOBS.
IT..*, trani.stprs, $2 25 day.
l.Vi Ja borers. $'_' 2."> day.
25 rribbcrs. *75 month.
nu: Nevada state government
WORK.
Th«'-e is a chance for ajvani-eraent.
Half rate K. R. fare. $6. Office fe»» $1.
THATS ALL
CHOWI'tS GOING DAILY. ARE YOU?
MURRAY & REAI'Y. Cl4-C3O Ciay st.
NORTH ?O( T TH EAST
—HAYMAKER?. . FRUITPICKERS—
96 haymakers, pitchers, forkers. rakers, mow.
em. teamsters, etc., $1 50. $1 25 day and
found .
—DAIRYMEN—
1.10 milkers ' $40. $35, $30 fd
14 ir.nker3 and run separators $40 fd
12 cheesemakers and buitermakers, 540 and
?15 found.
5 milkers, fare raid, north. $40 and found.
VINEYARDS AND ORCHARDS.
2G general hands, no haying $26. $30 fd
3 farm hr-ad*. home ranches $00 fd
STOCK— OTHER RANCHES.
45 men various positions on same.. s3o fd
CHOREMEN AND BOYS.
3-S choremen and beys for farms, private r«s-
idfncefi about mino^, dairies, etc. $35, $30,
$25. $15 ar.-J found.
COACHMEN AND GARDENERS.
4 good men for private residences, $30, $35.
f4u found.
Famwr and gardener, Nevada State, boss
here $40 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS.
SPECIAL JOB. SFECIAL WORK.
25 laborers for a factory, fare $1 30, $60, for
an American trust, steady job year round.
' —OTHERS-
IS laborers for quarry work $60
16 laborers, you'll suit, fare ."»c $60
14 shovelers, fare 4r>c, steady job $00
12 laborers, new job. new work $60
5 laborers, help carpenters, fare 70c.. 52 day
9 gutter layers, not f*r away $60
IN SAN FRANCISCO.
12 laborers, you board home $2 25 day
AROUND A STEAM SHOVEL.
14 laborers, t-pecial fare, see us ..$6O
ASK UP ABOUT IT.
TO THE GOLD MINE DISTRICT; N. E.
25 laborers, ehovel, etc., $60.
27i teamsters. Can you drive two horses? $60
Special fare. $2. via S. P. R. R.
TEAMSTERS.
12 teamsters, fare $1 25, American place,
$2 25 day.
It teamsters, city, good jobs, S2 25 day.
9 teamsters, larpe ranch; fare $3, mining
company, $;») found.
The above jobs are located all over Califor-
nia — SEE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
~ GOLD MINES.
- 5 single hand miners. Marlposa County, ?75.
<> hand miners, fare $.*> SO, gold quartz mine;
nr. blankets needed; hotel accommodations;
$75.
BS drillers for tunnel, free fare, $67 50.
!• machine miners, special jobs and wages.
MURRAY & READY. <EJ4-«36 Clay Et.
15 BOYS and young men, learn trades, $4. $5.
*C $7 week.
- Bovp and men for wholesale houses, different
wage*.
Gardener, tend incubator, boss here, $30 fd.
FOR LUMBER COMPANY.
Stenographer and assist with books, boss
here 10-day, $3i» and fouad.
MURRAY & READY. KJ4-636 Clay St.
MECHANICAL.
26 blacksmiths. B helpers, $3 50, $3, $2 50, $2
day. for different places.
Blacksmith, ranch, boss here. $2 day and fd.
Blacksmith, heavy plow work, $3 50 day.
3 wagon blacksmiths, dtv and country; $2 00
to $.5 day.
2 brats moMers. $2 oO to $3 day.
Painter, paper-hanger. f»Oc fare. $2 50 day fd.
4 carriage painters. $3 day.
Metal spinner, $3 day.
15 cribbers fqr electric power-house, $75.
MURRAY & READY/. 634-63« Clay St.
~ SAWMILLS— WOODS.
PLANING MILLS— BOX FACTORIES.
155 laborers, you'll suit, mills, etc., $60.
S3 laborers, railroad grading, $00.
2 carriage riders, $75.
2 graders, white and eugar pine, $3 day.
3 woodworkers. $75; ti door molders, $67 50.
. 12 effbearers: t> spooltenders. $55.
6 pondmen; 2 ratchet setters.
Itatcbf t wtter. $3 50.
6 bench hands, bess here, $3 50 day.
LOOK.
25 Scandinavians or Germans, lumber com-
pany. $73.
Head lineman, lumber company. $ts found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay et.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
6 boarding-house cooke. $«>O, $50, $40 and fd.
13 waiters. $30, $35 rind found.
4 walur boys. ?"0 and found.
3 pantrymen, $30 and found.
C porter*, $25 and found,
lirdniaker*. bellboys.
15 dishwashers, $15 to $30 and found.
Body irohf.r/ $40. •
Polisher, starcher, $65.
Eaker, small country chop. $40 and found.
Hundred* of other positions not advt. See
MURRAY & READY, C 34-636 Clay st.
12 BOYS, city factories.
Teamster, plow work fare 50c. $32 50 fd.
SPECIAL.
Man to take charge of fruit dry yards.
Rip sawyer, fare €oc.
SPECIAL BLACKSMITHS.
Blacksmith, ranch, $40 and found.
Floorman, blacksmith shop, fare $1 60, S3
a day.
LOOK.
2 young men, machinists, city. $12 to $18 wk.
Carriage etriper city. $12 to $1S week.
. MINERS.
20 miners, new mine, $67 50.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at.
• LABORERS, quarry, Tare 50c, board in
hotel. $2 23 day.
5 laborers, not far away. 50c fare, $60.
Farmer and wife San Benito Co., $40 fd.
SPECIAL.
2 miners, boss here, Araador Co. gold mine,
4 scraper loaders, Ala. Co.. fare fl, $67 50.
3 plow-bolder*, Alameda Co.. fare $1, $75.
SPECIAL.
Machinist for mine In Texas. $3 5O day. -
Blacksmith's helper, Alameda County, fare
fl. $2 25 day.
MURRAY & RBADY, C 34-636 Clay St.
GREAT LUMBKR COMPANY.
FARE $2 'so— BOSS HERE.
25 laborers, skidroad work. $1 25 day found.
2 cross-cut gawycrs. $55 and board.
2 log fixens or snipers. $55 and board.
Skidroad buMer for donkey, $60 and board.
CALL lIARLY— BOSS HERE.
MURRAY & RBADY. 634-636 Pay St.
NEW WORK— BUTTE COUNTY.
11 teamster*. $•" 50. . \u25a0 \u25a0>
12 laborers. $CO. -,
Special R. R. fare. $3 60.
M URRAY & RBADY. 634-638 Clay at.
LOOK. :- \u25a0' • '\u25a0-
K-itrf-rman. lumber co.. white pipe. $f>o fd.
Blacksmith t-hoe. wagon work. P. G.. $00 fd.
Carpenter, finishing work. ! fare $1. $4 day.
Matcher and sticker hand, $3 50 to $4 day.
Man to Jay sewer pipe. $2 50 a day.
SPECIAL.
Orv* for mine, boss here. $30 fd.
GUTTER LAYERS.
2 gutter layers, not far away, $75.
MARRIED.
Cook «nd wife, for mine, $70 fd. / . -' .
Cook and wii>, oity hoarding- house. $50 fd.
Man and wire, man about mine, wife cook
few men. bo 6* here.f s6s - M;*j . .
DREDGERS.' . .
Man. dredger. No. 1 job. $75.
MURRAY & READY. 034-C36 Clay Bt.
2 STABLEMEN. $3T, found.
Bugfiyxvaiber and liveryman, hotel, south,
$J0 and fcund. (\u25a0'-".-'
GOLD MINE. ' '
« miners, gold quartz mine. $2 75 day. K*°-r*
LOOK.
HUMBOLDT CO.
25 laborers. H. R. lumber co.. $60.
Logger Tor woods. Lake Co., $55 fd..
Concrete finii her. S hours, $3 50 day. .
LOOK.
Baker and pastry cook, institution. $40 fd.
2 waiters, same place, . fare $1; $30 fd. ... -
Butcher. all-round work, drive wagon. $40 fd.
MURRAY t READY. 634-636 Clay st.
THE . CALL HAS WORE GUT OUT FOR IT
A>D^ STORES TO LET.
MARKET rt.. near Keamy— Entire" flonr of g
rooms, suitable for offices or dwellingsi; rent
$40 per menth.. Apply STERLIXG FITRXI-
TURE CO.. 1033 Market Bt.. opp. McAllister.
DEVISADERO. 345— New store; plate-glass
front; reasonable rent; wtth livlns rooms it
desired. Apply on premises or 20 Battery st.
TWO large adjoining stores below Kearny st.
to leaj>e. See Owner. 636 Clay St.. room. 1.
STORE and 3 rooms: No. 3007 Mission st. near
Twenty-sixth; rent $16.
STORE, bar fixtures, 4 rooms, yard, stable 4
stalls. 338 Thirtieth st.
STORE wtth bake oven and 7 rooms. Twen-
ty- fourth and Capp sts. \u25a0 ;
FRCXT office to *et; gas. electric lights, run-
• nicg . water; convenient- 758 Market st.
POWELL. 602 — Sunny front rooms; $22 30 to
$50 per month: home cooking.
O'FARRELL. 1217— Room, board: 1 or 2 gen-
tlemen; private family: reasonable.
DALE place. 9 <4— Furnished room with board.
PEjRSjQyALS.^ rj __ riTinr^ n _ n^ rir
. "REXRADIOS T-A-L-K-I-N-G FACTS." .
. "REXRADIO'S T-A-L-K-I-N-G FACTS." .
$500 GRATITUDE!
"REXRADIO'S" first treatment subdued my
disabling PARALYSIS: I raised my quick-
ened limb over 4 feet high. RAN fleetly.
LEAPED often from floor easily, for first
time in years. Get my address of D. Cashin.
137 Montgomery. . i (This grateful patient. In
addition to liberal fees, handed Rexradio
$500.) 1
"REXRADIO" Oast week) . treated my neck
CANCER thrice, when it disappeared. D..
711 Sixth st.
"REXRADIO" (last Thursday) made a
BLIND person see and recognize relative's
face. Witness. Rekar.» 126- Turk. .
"REXRADIO'S," benefits are usually QUICK.
often INSTAJCT. always SURPRISING.
"REXRADIO" made DEAF MUTE hear and
speak in my presence. D. S.. 785 Market.
"REXRADIO" instantly removed my GRIP.PE
paina. G. H.. 5^7 Post st. j
"REXRADIO" made my DEAF MUTE patient
• instantly hear and speak in my presence.
(Will give this prominent PHYSICIAN'S
\u25a0 name.) . *
"REXRA-DIO" cured several of my patients.
(Another PHYSICIAN; name given.)
"REXRADIO" made 2 totally DEAF ears
hear distant whisper; I witnessed all. (A
third PHYSICIAN: name given.)
"REXRADIO'S" one treatment removed my
. chronic LIVER trouble. H.. 137 Montgomery.
"REXRADIO" cured my child and a friend of
advanced CONSUMPTION. Z.. 1015 Mission.
"REXRADIO" has stood the TEST "of TIME:
10 YEARS IN CALIFORNIA. .
"REXRADIO" in my office and presence mar-
veicusly helped MULTITUDES. "Broker."
(Name given.) :
"REXRADIO" made, my totally DEAF ear
hear "whisper." Roblson. Market and 7th.
"REXRADIO" in my presence made PARA-
LYTIC rnn and LEAP. Roblson.
"REXRADIO." the H'd "Radium King."
made my friend's totally DEAF ear hear.
whisper at 114 feet. Robison.
"REXRADIO" caused lady's totally DEAF
ear (from BIRTH) to hear whisper at 114
feet. I was present. Robison.
"REXRADIO," in my presence, made my
(born) DEAF MUTE friend Instantly hear
and speak. P.. 24t» Twentieth, st.
"REXRADIO'S" cures usually take about
SIX treatments. \
"REXRADIO" instantly made my totally
DEAF ear hear whiyper at 114 feet- D.
Cashin. 137 Montgomery st.
"REXRADIO" promptly cured my friend's
severe stomach- INFLAMMATION. D.
Cashin.
"REXRADIO" instantly caused my friend's
totally DEAF ear hear whisper. D. Cashin.
"REXRADIO" Instantly enabled my PARA-
LYZED friend to RUN and LEAP. D.
Cashin. 1 --\u25a0\u25a0.--.
"REXRADIO" removed another • friend's
LIVER disease symptoms. . D. Cashin.
"REXRADIO'S" cures are GENUINE; note
•that he gives "NAMES and ADDRESSES,
and. all are within EASY REACH.
"REXRADIO" instantly made my -30 years'
totally DEAF ear hear distant whisper.
Room 11. 632 Market st. .
"REXRADIO" Instantly restored my PARA-
*LYZED leg to RUN and JUMP. 832 Market.
"REXRADIO" quickly cured my friend's large
CANCER. Room 11. 632 Market st.
"REXRADIO" quickl» cured my friend's
PNEUMONIA. 632 Market st.
"REXRADIO" quickly raised my friend from
what looked like a DYING BED. Room 11.
632 Market at. \u25a0 -
"REXRADiq" speedily cured another friend
of agonizing chronic GASTRITIS. Room
11. ga Market st. '
"KEXRADIO" successfully treated numerous
severe cases in my presence. Room 11. 632
Market st.
"REXRADIO'S" patients mostly come on the
"recommendation" of his numerous grateful
CURED patients. \u25a0
"REXRADIO" treats DISTANT patients;
visits unnecessary. \u25a0 \u25a0
"REXRADIO." on request, gives patients
"first test treatment" at nominal cost.
"REXRADIO'S"- (one) treatment fully cured
my chronic RHEUMATIC LAMENESS. W.
Ormsby. 4?9 EUls st. ' •
"REXRADIO" visits and treats FREE the
sick BEDRIDDKN -poor." (NOTE THIS.)
"REXRADIO." in my \u25a0 presence, at once
RAISED from bed my year's helpless BED-
RIDDEN friend: I saw it all. Mr. O-. 14t>
Second st.
"REXRADIO" has successfully treated over
90 per cent of (alleged) INCURABLE dis-
eases. - \u25a0 \u25a0 " ' '
"REXRADIO'S" one treatment removed my
disabling RHEUMATISM. Carter. IS Na-
toma st. .
"REXRADIO." in my presence.' made my
friend use his many years' "powerless"
limbs (LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA). Porter,
2460 Twentieth st. _^
"REXRADIO" uses no medicine, his great
healing power proceeds from his HANDS. •
"REXRADIO'S" cured patients STAY cured.
as references will PROVE.
••REXRADIO" invites yon to stop m and
! "investigate." (SUNDAY included.)
"REXRADIO" will FORFEIT $1000 if above
reports are not GENUINE.
"REXRADIO'S" hours. 2 to 6 p. m.; consu!-
tatlon FREE. - 233 Geary, cor. Stockton,
„ suite. SB. CIRCULAR. O_
A SPECIAL DISCOUNT OF 50 PER CENT
OFF my usual reasonable prices for balanc«
of this month in order to reach the tourists:
I positively guarantee to permanently and
, . successfully remove . deep wrinkles, freckles
and smallpox pittings . by . my own original
scientific method; investigate immediately;
cossnltation and beauty booklet free.
- r >M. ELLA HARRIS. 128 Geary st.
'? Remember. 50 par cent off. this month only.
OXYGEN CYLINDER - CO. and treatment
Parlors. 1 Druglees Healing.
The latest and most scientific oxygen in-
struments used 'for the treatment of all acuts
and chronic diseases, rheumatism, insomnia
a and .-nervous disorders.
048 Geary St.. San Francisco: phone East 778.
STAR . Hair Remedy restores gray , hair, " im-
proves growth, strps falling, cures dandruff
and itching *ca!p. no stain er stickiness;
cleanses scalp; druggists, hairdressers; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Ram. Co.. 1338 Polk.
A TRIAL treatment to sufferers from catarrh.
bronchitis. n«th"r». coughs, colds, hoarseness,
sore throat, neuralgia. . SHACKELTON'S
BALSAM TREATMENT. «03 Jas. Flood bid.
S. WALZER system; hair mattresses mad«
over at your home. Perfection Mattress Co..
I manufacturers of all kinds of mattresses and
couches, tel. Fell ISI. 445 Hayes st. t \u25a0
DIAMONDS on credit, at wnolesale prices; In-
stallments to suit; written guarantee with
every purchase. DIAMOND - CREDIT COC.
room 45," fourth floor. Chronicle building. ;
MRS, ANNIE DEIGHTON DOUGLAS commti..
nicat** with D. J.. BSI South Hill sw Los
: Angeles. Cal. .. \u25a0-\u25a0»--»- -
LAUNDRY, i mixed dox.. 25c: suits cleaned.
I newspapers." banner shop, cigars and tobacco,
; chewing yam. 800 Gotdwi Os.te-a.ve.
'AT * less than cost: uncalled ' for • suits. . over-
\ coats . and . trousers at CHARLES LYONS".
' . Lcndon Tailor. .721 Market »c . .'
SUITS to order on installment- of SI per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailor. 72t> Market sv
ALFREDUVS .Egyptian Henna restores graj
hair to its natural color. $1. at all. druggists'.
CO ASSORTED souvenir oostal cards nrenaid
COc BACIGALUPI. 78» Miasloa at.
TAILOK-MADE suits $7 B6; dress pants, $2 30.
Misfit Ctothlns Eartor. ooc Bush and Dudou.
\u25a0\u25a0':' - - -
FLATS TO LET — FIIIXISHED.
AAA~- ~ 'XX
«15 Ciaytcn tt.. n+*r ITatght; middle flat
* rooms: ail fcr.own tnodern RMveßleucm;
_ocsut i ,ruliy furnifhfd; rent rr&«:>nHblc.
PINE. <jft." — 6-r»>ori) ?r.<«*err. flat to !^t n:id ror-
nilure fcr s-nl' ; v.holo «r in part; Saving
tcr.n.
3CICXXT furc'shed tunny T.-rovxn flat; piano.
«» ranpr: piate lor !»oi>e and buggy It <ie-
Firrd. Ci 4 Qigp st.. l>etween 10 and I.
FrrwMKHKP flat. C r^mt; taf sale at groat
>ijrgE:n: inner leaving city: fir.csl re*ider.»-c
ncsgh'--rhr>od. lUi^ C'FarT"ll c;.. cor. Gougb.
A 7-Kr-ou /lat; gcod furniture: rent $20;
t.j Alaska: rh^ap. ."CS l^ Jessie.
THIRD. 17 — Urr.-r flat, S sunny room 5. fur-
ri-s-hed. f^r r.-iu cr will sell; low rent.
OCTAVIA. :;<:>- Flsn of ft rooms nicely fur-
nished, all M^nr.y. $-TO.
TCEV.- rat 61 8 rooms tc let: fumifhrd as a
whole cr in rime*. 74 Haight st.
-WELL <;KT VOVR Bi:SINE. c s :r^\ ; e~7iay
thp most so.i'y :cr furniture carp^u-, cThc*
Sitings, ni^i-.-haadise and houses,. MARK J.
LEVY AUCTION CO. i:j^l Market ft. bc-
:»>fr fitfa ar.d tOtfa. Phone .<outh 178.
HENRY MATER pays highest pric* fcr fur-
ri:ur«. cjir;.c'-fe. eto. 7*2 M:s^i.>n:tel.Bush Sl3.
Z.^_ABE LEVY. 1105 Market sl. r^one Jessie
7»:y pg» cssfa and huyt everything.
FINANCIAL.
JtEALTT PTIOMCATE CRRTTFir-A TES
COVTIHEXTAL R. AND L CERTIFICATES
Turchaj~ed for cash: top prio* paid. Address
\u25a0f.thT- 512 Ca:i tvdg. or !Ci7 Crocker t-ldg.
HELP WAXTED — KESIALB.
A COOK fcr a restaurant $10 a we*-k
A nurse for 2 cr,:lc"r*>n. city fSO
A waitresi for '»minereia! hot"! f2O
A woman for jiain c<x>king and housework:
<~r*lTlZTy J3*
A waitress, hotel; Napa Co $30
A «^itr»TFs. for hotrl $30: no room
A dishwasher for r<»staurar: $« a week
An Irish Catholi- wauress and Farlormaid
for Southern CaJifornia $30
A cook, lajfie faiclly; FruitvaJe JTiO
A nurs^. 3 chiidren $2.'.
1" housework piris, country places; J-10-fJ."
MISS PLUNTCETT. <2S gutter St.. nr. Powell
CATHOLIC ftoi^ar as c.'v.k and fcoufelceper
in ctersyrtian's plio*-. See party here Mon-
day. MISS PLUXKETT. 42!> Sutter St., nr.
Pow.ll.
AX Irish Cathciic nurse :or iniant ?C P »
A nurs<» for - trtivra children 135
Refwnew=. MISc PLUXKETT. 42S Sutter
s-t.. nr. Powell.
GIP.I^S to learn haSrdressing. manicurinc. mas-
«sfe. etc. fron A to Z in two weeks; tuition
f.*> tc those entering now; 5 positions to fill
immediately; guaranteed t!2 wet-k up; day
an 3 eve . class. Coilegre,233 Gearj- St.. room 13.
WANTED — Girls to iearn millinery trade for
*; rirp; 2 seasons from start to finish in one
mo. for $.1; poeitioss p-uaracteed $15 week
up; $ position* to be filK-d at ence; day and
eve. clase. School 143 Stockton St.. room 13.
TACinc Hairfiressing Schco! : whele trade.
rr,ani curing, mafsasre; positions $10 a week
ur>: cay and evening classes. 133 Powell st.
WANTED — HairtreFsirsjr students; hairdress-
injr. n:aricurir.g. facial massage, scalp treat-
rn-nts. dcrmatolr>ey electrolysis and chirop- >
ody tSJßgnt at Molar's College: new location.
4^5 Powell, near Post; the most thoroughls
crrr.p!<?te ccllege wert cf Chicago; special
, tTtns now. MISS JESSIE MACDOXALD.
instructor.
WAXTED — Women and girls to register for
canning season, beginning about June 15:
«xi>erienc«i canr.ers also wanted. Apply
California Canneries Con-.pacv, Brannan st
bet. Zi and 4th. cr 203 California, cor. Front.
'
SCANDINAVIAN cook, man or woman,
warned for boarding-houso; short distance in
louctry: wagts f.IC- to a month: answer
Vf^r- 11 \u25a0-"clock to-<ay. Ifi Fifth Et-
GIRLS' miilinery !n 1 mo. for $o; positions
pj^rar.teed, eve. school only; 233 Geary. r. 15.
AA-CiPERATORS on ladies' underwear. C'tj
msxtoa St.. 3d floor. *
AA—OPKKATORS on ladies" waists. €.'»« Mis-
FK-n at... Zd Uoor.
A.\-OPEjIA7^RS on ladi/=* - wash skirts. 65«
MiE.-i.n st.. 3'i fl>^>r. •
WASTED — Oir! to assist in light housework.
!\u25a0!«" Buchanan st.
\VAN-TEI>I-Gir| for rn>vi children and sew-
ire. 'Stzl Buchanan st.
WANTED — A business- house want* a respon-
sible woman for a high-grade position; one
who is ambitious for a life work and who
will make the eZort to Justify our training
her for a successful career. Address "Busi-
ness." :,ox f.140. Call.
LADIES given fancy work to take home; ma-
terials furnii-hed: piecework; easy. rapid-
*->r#rienc* unn«»c«ssary: old established firm.
Call Sto 5. 1:{44 Market St.. opp. Seventh.
VOI'XG lady tc take course In halrdressiujc.
manicuring, etc.; JlO entire course; grand
opportunity. Cp-to-Date Parlors, 102« Mat-
kci st.
GOOD, strong girl to assist general house-
work; s?undayE off. Call Monday, bet. 2-4 p.
re. 6 Metcalf court, bet. Taylor and Mason
sts.. off Geary.
WANTED— Experienced stenographer >= whoJe-
house: hours 8 to 6; Elate experience
and salary expected: references. Box 4756.
Ca!l office.
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS AXD GLRI^S
TO LEARX. STANDARD FACTORY. COR.
COCGa AXD GROVE STS.
WAXTED — A reliable woman who has ability
to ->staJ>!iEh and develop business. Box 5047.
'"all office.
V." ANTED — Experienced salesladies for shirt-
\u25a0aum department. Addruss M. A. &. Co. bcx
2T(C. Caii office.
WAXTED — An experienced saleslady to take
'•harre of shirtwaist department. Address £.
<'\u25a0\u25a0 box g7gi. CaJi ofnee.
VOI'NG lady ttencirrapher wants position;
takes dictation in English, Spanish and Ger-
ir.as. Box 2244. Call office.
WANTED — Toung women to learn telephone
, % cperating; references required. /pply 210
Bush Et.. third floor, after 9 a. m.
fcEWIXG machine operators on overalls; no ex-
perience necessary. LEVI STRAUSS A CO..
Z2\- Freiscnt ct. STR. DAVIS.
JTILLINERT taught in 6 weeks. $5; private
i«-Ksorur. 115 Fillmore st.. near Hermann-
"WANTED — .Finteber* on ouats. 223 Eteveneon
•treat.
1 " S"* s *"^ Apply S. X~ !
EXPEP.IENOED finieh«re en coats; none oth-
ers ner-d arrly. 49 Grary at-
BARBERS— Employment and Sappltes.
HARBERf— r»rf c^portunity; LOO-room hotel
fhop and ocean watrr baths: long lease
COLEMAX. 7US Market, room SC6.
HARBiCRP. attention: i-chairi -chair outfit, compicte
for sale al a bargain; as good as utw'
CQLXnJAX. 70S Market 6t.
BARBER wanted fcr 5c Fiwp. 6C3 Huward
sf^ct.
OLD-ESTABLISHED 3-chair barber sh«p for
sale. lTi7 Mission et.
CITY, and tountry barber Phops for «aJp~
<I<X> to $1500. COLEMAX. 70S Market st.
POR salt — Two-chair barber shop. SOff Minna
street.
GOOD 2-cfcair barber shop for sale; ohoij.. Sl3
Kearny n.*
BJkRBEB ahope boustt and sold; cimatry shots
gpfrtalty. Ccleman's Ex.. 70S MaAct. r. SO6.
HlitP WXVTED — MAITi;.
A— PACIFIC COXTRACTORS" SIPLOT-
MKXT A<VT, HXt Waehinstoa M.; phone
ian>« 2301.
fBJZK KAJin. ALASKA. FIIEE KARE.
Laborerft. $75 and fd.; see bc*-s cere; free
fare bctfc way;-.
SPECIAi. TO-t>A F.
fi laborrp. near city, #2 2T» ds:-j. 6teady work,
no discount. Fhip to-day. I.V, fare. !
BUTT 7-: cooxiar.
fj*borCT£. $00; teamsters, JC7 50; special
fare*.
. NEVADA. .
Laborers and teamsters. .«T7 £0. fee fl.
CA HPEXTEIrs.
G rosch carpenterf. 12 morjJss' Job. $00, 10c
fare.
SIfiKIVOU OOUNTT— XO7vT» BT RAIL.
L«l>c«rcrs. ttxtUVert, buiia loggin? road.
$C 7 50; <juero"scan. llcnes'iisne. $.V> fd. ; lisie
tjt^rner. SCO: rooper. *7r». bcrs here: for*-
nian track gac?. 52 «i 5 .day and ep. free
fare; bench hard*, boss b>>r«-. $3 .» day:
rSserir.ar. $30; lumber fcra.'er-, f»o : brtck-
rr.rtlifr. tffiilti. *90: tcunster?, lfic fare.
V>T 50: oiow ttsmslrrr. -«C 7 r^>; man an<l
wife, private plfijcc. fil fd. ; cook. ?GO. l.V*
fere: er.sinorr and m;*chinii:t, *3 Zf> to $4
«iay utj\ four.d. . . . -
AJCPRCS Offlcs-, "1? Flacktrn et.
Piktrj' cook. ?*renci. tCQ: fry cook, $85;
rook, country h0te1. .,550; waiter, country,
t-TO; porter, family fcrrtel. ,?2rt: gardener and
<!o <ihcr«*. <3»: gi*hwf jihers. $25 and SSO. etc.
\u25a0WANTED — Two Tnlllwre: Sonoma County; $30
•-^ toaoA. MRS. rfORTON. 50S Maatm.BXJCKIXGHA3I MAY TAKE
rLACE OF WORTHIXGTOJf
Said to Have Reen Selected as General
Manneer ot Harrlman Line*
on the Coast.
OMAHA. May 21.— E. E. Bucklng
ham, superintendent of the Oregon
Short Line at Salt Lake City, went
.through Omaha to-day to New York,
where he will confer with E. H. Harri
man. The rumor is in- circulation in
Omaha, where Buckingham was for
merly stationed as superintendent of
the Union pacific transportation de
partment, that he has been selected as
the successor of B. A. Worthington,
general manager of the Harriman lines
on the Pacific Coast.
It was not possible to obtain con
firmation of this rumor from Bucking
ham, but some of his old-time friend 3
in Omaha attach considerable signifi
cance to his journey East at this time.
— !—! — » \u2666 \u25a0 —
PHILADELPHIA. May 21.— 1n view of the
possible difficulty of the national Government
in obtaining vessels to carry supplies and ma
chinery to Panama to be used in the- building
of the canal there, barge owners of this city
will make an effort to get th» business.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, WAY 22, 1903.
10
(Tuesday), at 0:15 a. m.. from the parlors
of McFadden. Mcßrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Elgntn,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for tne
repose of his soul at 10 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SIMMONS— In Silver City. New Mexico. May
16. 19C5, John P.. beloved son of John P. and
-. Mary Simmons, and beloved brother of Ger-
trude M. Simmons, a native of San Francis-
co. aged 21 years 9 months and 5 days.
IC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fcneril tr>-:l"!Y
(Monday), at 8:30 a. m., from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 566 Mission
street, between Fourth and Fifth, thence to
Holy Cross Church, where a requiem high
m&ss will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul,, commencing. at 9:30 a. m. Interment
. Holy Cross Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city. May 20, 19C5. Wil-
liam "Imatlus,. beloved son of Michael H.
and Julia Sulli-an and brother of Daniel J.
and Frank C. Sullivan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 37 years 4 months and IS
days. '
tt^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully Invited to attend the funeral t?»lay
(Monday), May 22. 1905. at 0 o'clock a. m.
from his late residence. 264 Ivy avenue,
thence to St. Ignatius Church, where a re-
. quiem high mase will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 0:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WALLENROD— In this city. May 21. 1904.
Mary A., beloved wife of the late George
Wallenrod. and mother of George and Leon
Wallenrod, a native of Germany, aged 5»
years. /
PLOTS'
la Odd Fellows and Masonic Cemeteries can be
\u25a0 exchanged for Plots in
MT. OLIVET OEKETSXT
For particulars apply at City Office.
GRANT BLDQ.. MARKET * SEVENTH ST3.
JiAIXWAY TKAVEIu
icMICAGo'iN 3 DAYS!
H I_E AYES OAJUf AT S'^O A. M. I*l
P| WITH pi N&RS AMD 3 KEEPERS pi
Other Santa Fe Trains t
s-no n" m' I FoT Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
»:30a!m.'J Merced, Hanford and Viyalla- .
7:30 a.m. I Direct connection for Tosernite
8:30 a. m. $ Valley and the Bis Trees.
„ _. J For Oakdale ana Points on Sierra
0:30 a. m. j Railway.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton. '
9:30 a. ra. 2 For- Kaunas City. Grand Canyon
8:00 p. m.J . and Chiearo.
Ticket Offices — 65.1 Market st. and Ferry Depot
San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway. Oak>
land. Cal.; also 'J7 South First. San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTBWESTERiN RY. CO.
RA I lAVA V COMPANY.
Tlbnron Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAX FHAXCISCO TO V AN RAFAEU
"WKEIC DATS— 7:3O. S:CO, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.;
12:35, 2:30. 4:00. 3:10. 5:60. 6:30 and 11:30
P. m. V
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :3O p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:3O. 8:00. 0:CO. o:3f>. 11:00 a. m.:
1:30. 2:30. 3:10. 5:10. 6:30. 7:25. 11:30 p. m.
SAX HAFAEI. TO SAX FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:Oft. 6:50. 7:35. 7:50. 8:20.
0:2». 11:13 a. m.; 12:30. t2:o«j. 3:40, 5:00.
5:20. 5:25, G:2O p. m.^ Saturdays — Extra
trip at 1:45 p. m. l
SUNDAYS — 6:iO. 7:35. S:2O. 9.20. 11:15 a. m.:
1:45. 3:40. 4:."0. S:CO. 0:20. 5:25, 6:20. 7:50.
7:5$ p. na. tKxcept Saturdays.
I^ave I In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. | May 1. 1005. | San Fran.
Week J Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. [ days. [ tion. | days. ( Days.
7:30 "a S.OOa S:4oa 8:40 a
S:0Oa 9:SOa Ignacio. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:SOp 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 t 5:10 p C:2O p 7:20 p
7:3Oa| 7:30 a! Napa. I 0:10 at 9:10 a
4:Cop| 5:10 p| | 6.20 p| 6:20 p
~7~:30a 7:~J>a 7:45 a 7:45 a
S:0Oa S:0Oa Jfovato. 10:2O a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:.Ttia Petaluma fi:2Op 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:20 p 7:20 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:50 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 &
8:00 a 8:00 a • Fulton. 7:20 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p S:SOp 7:20 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsbur?. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Gcyserville. 7:20 p 7:20 p
Cloverdale. *^
1-30 at 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 PI and UTtlah. f 7-^0 p| 7:20 p
I - I - Willlta. I I
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. | 7:20 p| 7:20 p
8:00ar8:00a| GT>ernevaie and 110:20 a|10:2O a,
2:30 pi 2:3« pi Cmn;> Vacation. | 3:50 p| 8:2 Op
8:00al8:00a| ' " |8:4Oal 8:40 a
5:10 i 0:30 ai Sonoma, j 6:00 pi 6:20 p
S:lopt Glea Ellen. |B:ftopi ' .
7:'W>a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p SebastopoL 7:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p '•
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke'a Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lyttou Springs ; at Geyservllle for Skagga
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Booae-
ville and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda I Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah' for Vichy Sprlngs.Saratoga
Springs. Bhie Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper. Lake. Porno. Potter. Valley.
John Day's. Li*rley"s, Hullvllle. Orr"s Hot
Springs, Halfway House. Comptche, Hopkins.
Mendodno City, Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal;
at Willits for Hearst and Sawyer; at Sherwood
for Westport, Cahto. Covelo. Laytcnville, Cnm-
mlns. BeU'a Springs, ' Harris. Olsens, Dyer.
Garberville. . Pepperwood. Camp's. Scotia and
Eureka.
. Saturday to. Monday round trip tickets at re.
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at - half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. i R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. - Gen. Pass Ajft. ,
AMHUHI To SAN RAFAEL,
j^^^^^l ROSS VALLEY,
[g^j^^^r^ji MILL VALLEY,
!^^^^pj CAZADERO, Etc.
t£K!&W^*J*?p** via Sauialito Ferry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart week days at 7:00. 7:45. 8:25, a-lO'
9 :M, 11:00 a. m.; 12:21V1:43, 3:15. 4:33. 5:15.
5:50. 0:30, 7:15. 9:00. 10:13 and 11:35 p. m.
' Depart Sundays and holidays at 7:15. 7-45.
S:l5. b:45, 9:15. 0:45. 10:15. 10:43. 11:15. 11:45
a.m.: 12:15. 12:45, 1 :15. 1:45. 2:15. 2:45. 3:15.
3:45. 4:15. 4:45. 5:15. 3:45. 8:15, «:45,.7:15
(7:45. 8:15 for Sausallto only). 9:00. 10:15,
11:35 p. m. •
For Fairfax, week days — 7:45 a. m.. 3:15
p. m. . 5:15 p. m. Sundays and holidays—
7:45. 8:45. 9:15. 10:15. 11:45 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:43 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations •
\u25a0 0:15 a. ra- --Sundays and Holidays — Point
Reyes, etc. .'
'•\u25a0 3:13 p. m. dally (except Sunday) — For Caza-
dero. : etc." •\u25ba. -
\u25a0-5:15 p. m., daily fexcept Sunday) — For Point
Reyt-!*. etc. - -
8:15 p. m. Sundaysand Holidays for Caza-
dero. etc. \u25a0 -' \u25a0 . *
TICKF7T OFFICE— 6SO Market »t.
FEJUtY— Union Dipot.' foot of Market at.
AUCTION SALES
fe fe>
ISO=HORS£SHSO
•We will sell 130 head of broken and unbroken
Mares and Geldings consigned by J. C. «ul'-
lngwood of Utah. These horses welsh ft^SOO
to 13C0 and are superior to most range Iwrses
brought to this market. Every horse offered
will be sold regardless of the price it brings-
Sale take 3 place
THURSDAY- -MAY -25, 1905
At 11 CClock A. M.. At
J. B. HORAN'S SALESYARD,
Corner TENTH AND BRYANT STS.. S. P.
HORD & SMITH. Auctioneers. 741 Mission st.
<^v fe> ft*
200-HORSES-200
"We will sell 200 head broken aad unbroken
horses. These horses welsh from 830 to 1500
and are a very fine lot of horses. These horses
must be sold. Come and set them.
ial3 Takes Place FRIDAY. May $6, (935
At 11 o'clock a. m.. at
WESTERN HORSE MARKET
220 VALENCIA ST.
E. STEWART & CO.
*> DOS?"T forget the bis sale of 3O head
y»^ of good, cheap work and drrrtnff horses.
One fast road horse, 1 pony and trap: also a
lot of wagons, buggies, surrey* and harness.
TUESDAY, May 23. 11 a. m. 1140 FOLSOM
STREET. WM. CLOUGH. Auctloaeer.
« AUCTION SALE. WEDNESDAY. May
V"» 21. at 11 a. m.. ARCADE HORSE
MARKET. 327 SIXTH STREET. I will tell 25
good horses and mares, 3 wagons,' harness.
bug?ry and harness for the same. JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
RAILWAY TRAYEIi.
Trains le»ve and *re> *\u25a0•
to arrive at
/«>/4§S?W SAN FRANCISCO.
Wvd^ I r FIW3I Mat * 19CB *
(Toot ot Marte t Street.)
L*AY«- MAIN LINE. — AMirra
7 00a k'.mlTa, V»cs vine, Winters. Kumtey 7-SOp
7Coa ßlchraond, Bcqlclk, Sacramento,
ScUnnand Way Station* 7ZUP
7.30 a Ysllejo. N»pa, Csllstogs, Saat»
i:««im Martinez. San lUmoa 6-20p
7^oaNl!cs, Pleasantoc. Livermare..
Tracy, Lathrop, 5t0ckt0n........ 723*
B.ooASfca*ta Expre»ti — (Via D»tI«).
Williams. Willows. tFrnto, Bed
Bluff. Portlaad. Tacoma, SeaXUe. 7-50p \u25a0
8-OCA Di»tls, Woodland. Kc»«Jlt» L»udin g,
I MarysTllle, Ororille 7-50P
830AM.'.rtl»«z. Antioch, Byron. Tracy,
Storfcten, Xeirman, Les Babos,
Mendota. Armoaa, Utsford, , Ajn m
Vl«allx Portenrill* < A&C*
B^OAPort Co»tx Lalhrop, Merced, Mo- ' *- otl "
(lea to. naymond, Fresno, Oiwbes
. Joactton. Uan ford, ViialU,
Eak«r»ffe!d 4 Bo^
' 3 30a Niles, San Jose, LlTermors, Stack-
ton (tMllton), Valley Bprlnjr, f
lone. Sacramento, Placerrille, " V
Culfux. MarjSTtile. Red B!u3 .... 4-20p
3.3oa Onkdnle, Olneie, Jamestown,
Sonnra. Tuoluinne and Angels... 4.2Ct»
9- r OA Atlnntlc Express— Ogden and Kx*t. 4-20P
9.30 a Rlchroond, Port Co»t». Martinez
and Way StaUons (iCoaccrd) 6.50 i»
10 30a Vallejo 7.50»
1033aL0» Angele* Passenger — Port
Costa, Martinez." Byron. Tracy,
Lathrop, Stockton, Merced,
- . Rajtosud. Fre«no, Goshen Junc-
tion. H-imford. Lemoore. Vlsaila,
Bake *fleld. Lo» Acrele*. 7-20»
1030 a El Paso. Kinsas eitj. St. Loila aad
Cklcaxo 7.20P
11.00ATh« Oferlaid Limited — Ogden.
Omaha, Chicago, DenTcr, Kansas
cny «...;.: 5.60^
11 .30a Mien, San Jove and Way Station*. 250p
ti .oop Sacramento Hirer SteaTrers ttVCOp
3 .3op ßraids. Winters. Sacramento, ;
Wuodland. Kntghts Landing.
MarysTUle and OroTina 1050 a .
3-30p Hay-ward, Nfle«. and Wi»y StaUoaa 7.5CP
4-CCpVtilleJo, Martinez. Ban Ramon,
Xapa. Caliitoga. Santa Bom 9.20 a
4.oCpXi)e«. Tracy. Stoekton. Lodi. 10 20a
- 4.3opH«vw»rd. Nile*. Irrmston. San) t3.50A
' Jo*e. Lirermore :.......) tti 50*
5-OOPThe Owl LimitiM— Newman. Lcs
. Banos, Mendota, Fresao. Tolare, -.-.".„
. BaJcer»fleld. lx>a Angeles 850 a
C.COpGolden Sutn Limited— Xl Paso,
Eansa* Ctty, St Loui* and Chicago 8.50 a
\u26665 30p Vsllejo, Crockett. Port Coau. Mar-
tinez 11.20 a
ta-S^pllarward, Ntlcsand SidJom 7.20 a
6-OQp lUyward. Nile* and San J0ae ...... 950 a
S-OOpKattern Xi press— Omaha. Chicago.
Denver. Kansas City. St. Loata,
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento,
Coif ax, Reno, Sparks. Montr Ho.
Oitden 12.50
:7.oopntcl»niond, Vallejo. Port Coata,
Martinez and Way Station* 11.20*
7.oopF>eno l*a»ea:er — Port Costa. Ba-
nlcia. Snt*un. Elmirv D!xon. v"^" *.
DaTii.Stcratnento, Sparka, Tono-
p»h. GolJflild indKetler 7-20 a
8-05PPort Cosu. Martinez. By roa. Tracy.
Modesto. Merced, Fresno 12.20p
S.PoPYosemlte and M-irlpora Big Trees --
(Ti» Baymond-Wawona Rente).. 8 50a
B.osPOr:zoT> dbCallforala Express— Sac-
. ramento, Marys vllle. , Redding,
Pertlasd. Pnget Souad and Kant. 8.60 a
B.lop Hiy*»ra. Nils* and San Jose (Saa-
day only) _ 11-SOa
COAST LI NE^ farm^ «*»„).
(Foot »t Mmrket Street.) -
7.4sa Santa Cruz Kxcorsion (Sunday "
only) 9-18*
B.lsANewark. C?at*rvllle. Baa Jose,
Felton. Boulder Creek. Sant*
Crox and Way Stations 6 55»
t2-15P^«"»arS. Ceaierrllle, San Jam,
New AJm&d^n, Lo» r.»to>. Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Crnj and
Prtadpal Way Station* tia.SSA
4.lsP Newark. Saa Joae. Los Gate \ HS"!? A
COAST LINE <Bre*- Um^cj.
i^~(Thlrd an<i Townsend Streeta.)
6.10 a Saa Jose and Way 5tati0n*. ........ 8-30W
t7.OOASaa Jose aad Way 5tati0n5......... 8.40*>
7.1 5a Monterey, Santa Cruz Kxcnrttoa
(Sunday only) 10.10*
• 00 A New Almaden (Taps., Frt^ only).. 4-13» ,
S.OOa Tbe Coaster— San Jose. 3 allna a,
San Ardo, Paa« Cobles. Santa
Margarita. San Lv!» Obl*po.
Gsadalnpe. GiTlot*. 3»»t» Bar-
bars. San BaenaTenttm, Oxnari,
Bnrbank-Loa Angcle* ......„.„ IB Tffr
S-OOAOUroy. UolUstar. CaatroTlUe. Del *
.";!\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 Mente. Pmclflc Gr«ft, Sart;
. Lompoc. 1030p
S^WASan Joae. Trcs Pl aos. WaUonTllle. tm^"^
Capttolit. Santa Cruz, Paelfla ,'
Grove. Salinas. San Lnis Obtap*
and Principal Way Sutioaa 4.in>
10-ZDASaa Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 1.20p
11.30 a S»a Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 7JOt»
2.lspSan Jose aad Wny Stations 83& A
3. Mp Del Monte Express— Sanu Clara,
San Jose, .W*t»onrtlle, Saata
Craz. Del Monte, Monterey *
PaelfleGroTe 12.1S»» .
t3.OtJ»Lo« Gatos. Wright BonWer Creek.
Santa Crnz. t1» Santa Clara and
Narrow Gaoge..... fiQ.4Sj»
3-30P Valencia St., South Saa Francisco,
Burllnx&me. Ssn Jose. Gllroy,
Hollistsr. Tres Ptooe 10 45a
4-30p San Jooe and Way Statloas , fT'eeV
IS OOP Santa CJara. San Jose. Los Gatoa, "•"*"*
and Principal Way- Stations tS-OCa
15-30p San Jose and Principal Way Station* 13 4Qa
5-45p Sunset Eiipreae— Redwood. San
Jo»c, Gilroy, Salinas. Paso
Robles. San Luis Obispo, Santa.
Barbara, Los Angeles, Demlng, \u25a0
\u25a0 El Pmo, New Orleaaa ....:.- a in.
5.45PE1 Paso, Kansas City, St. Laols, **
. Chicsg* IQ.Sflp
545PP8J.V0, WatsonTille, Capltola.
• Sanu Craz. CsatroTllle, Dell no. to
Mojte. Pacific GroTe ....f tIO.JQp
16.15** San Mateo, Beresfor*, - Belmont. .
San Car!o«. Redirood. Fair Oaks,
MenloParS. Palo Alto tfl.4BA
6>33pSaa Jose and Way Sr*tion»..... „. 6.38 a
B.CCPPaio Alto and Way Suttons. lo.ISa
1 1 .3Cp Sonth San Francises. MQlbrae, Bor-
Ifcfin?, San Mateo, Belmont,
' Snn Carlo*. Cedwood, Fair Oaks,
\u25a0 Mtnlo Park and I*»k> Aito rSUSs
\u25a0lUOpMaytield. Mountain Vlewv»,3aany li^* a^
v»:r, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
SHnJoae t9 43»
oaklAno harsor ferry — T
(Foot of Marite'. SL) *-""»
t 7.15 a.m. 9,00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
1.00 p.m. 3.03 p.m. 8.15 p.m.
A for Mornlag. P for AftemooiL "™
tSanday escepted. tSundsy only.
aSntaniay only. iMonday only.
CStops at all stations oo Snodayv \u25a0r ; - .
IV3T.TAMALPAts Railway
iT.Siarnaasoo ( A f£sii a^ Ar. Sin fnnsbea
-o-n" I : *- A 11:32 a «10:45 a
9:jOa 8:1ja *r*^z^^j?y l:o^J? 2:53p
1:45p 10:13 a imirmSs&ty 2:C2? 6:23?
Satorl»7 12:45p *vrjr 5:O2» ISaodar*
(hlj 2:15p v 6:33p Oaly
4:33r 3:4Sp «TU6jtnr/ 8;32p lt:3sp
JEESE \ «»M*MOW St.,( North Short Railroad)
CJfiaa ) and aAt-sALrro Fkkrv. Foot Market St.
THE WEEKLY CALL
-Si per Year. *
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and U>fnro.
POST. ' 207— Nicely furnished snite of rooms,
with bath; also single rooms. : . . \u25a0"
POWELL, 1220, cor. Pacific— Nice sunny front
: room; also housekeeping ; rooms.:. ' / .
RIO VISTA : Hotel. 253 Third near Howard—
New house, with all modern conveniences;
rooms en suite and 'single; rates by day 50c
and up; by week $2 and up. \u25a0
ROYAL House. 126 EJlis— lncandescent lights:
reading-room. 6moking;room and ladies' par-
lor, rooms per night. 35e to $1 50; week, $2
to ?8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHOTWELL. ; 932— Sunny bay window room;
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; bath. -
TAYLOR, 511— Large sunny room, $14; single,
$5. Single rooms at 836 Sntter St.. $9, up.
THE WALTON 452 Ellis, abore Jones — Cars
pass door to all parts of city; brick build-
ing: slngla rooms, suites; all modern con-
veniences; $3 to $10 per week; special rates
by month. ; ' -\u25a0 '
.TWENTY-SIXTH. 3377. near Mission (Af-
delene) — Best sunny furnished rooms in city
for price: $1 week. :
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy. nr. Market — 400
rooms. 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; olevator. read.-room; free bus. baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d sC nr. Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
Ssc to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room ;free bus, baggage.
WOLF HOUSE. Sixth and Howard sU.— Best
known transient house in city; clean, neat;
charges reasonable; central location , com-
mends it to traveling public; cafe attached:
cars pass door. G. H. yon der Mehden. prop.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
• Cal! branch office.cor.Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. 'wi... -
: ROOMS AND BOARD.
CALIFORNIA, 1320— Nice home for 2 or 4;
sunny front rooms; running water, home
cooking; reasonable. \u25a0, ;
SACRAMENTO, 3044— Sunny room with good
board for 1 or 2 gentlemen; one, $25; two,
$45; private family. . • '
HAIGHT. 22S — Room and board in private
family; resi^ectable and desirable; $22 00 a
morth. \u25a0 - - . ...
EDDY. 1128. opp. Jefferson Park — Sunny rooms
: overlooking park; location best; finest table
board, reas. rates; phone Jackson 156.
JONES. 428, flat Cr-Neatly furnished room*,
en suite or single, with baths, electric lights,
phone. -excellent board; new flat; private
BUSH, 1673 — Newly burnished sunny rooms,
i •with or without board; prices reasonable.
ROOM and board. 175 California aye.
ELLIS, 453 — Best of French table board, with
fine furnished room. MME. LEUCE.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1031 — Furn. front rms.;
bath: gcod board; $22; two, $36 month.
McALLISTER. 502 — Rooms and board, $5 and
$6 per week.
McALLISTER. 1351— Nice room and board In
refined private family. -
FIRST-CLASS home cooking, day board. 904
O'Farrell. > . '
Old Stevenscn Mansion, 807 California st. ; new
carpc'.s and interior; exceptional table; mod.
FURNISHED rooms with board. 1206 O'Far-
rell st.
PACIFIC aye.. 1716 — Large sunny parlors, run-
ning water; other rooms: with board.
POLK, 609 — Eleganf "sunny room, home cook-
Ing; large private grounds.
SUTTER. 1728 — Rooms and board. • '
TURK. 776 — Newly furnished rooms: every
room sunny;. board: 2 meals; $25 up.
TURK. 822— Rooms and board; home cook-
ing. . \u25a0 .
VAN NESS aye.. 850— Front roSm; suitable for
2 cents: excellent board; use parlor, piano.
'. ROOMS WAITED.
YOUNG couple would like 2 or 4 rooms un-
furnished, with bath; best references. Box
4922. Call office. , \u25a0
WANTED — Four unfurnished rooma or flat by
June 1; rent reasonable, Box 5086, Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PORTLAND FAIR— We have 320 feet In Man-
ufacturers' Liberal Arts and Varied Indus-
. tries buildlnc; will exhibit and demonstrate;
what have you? WESTERN MFRS.'. AGEN-
CY. 916 Market St. . •-\u25a0 \u25a0 '
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
3 MACHINES in one; the New White makes
lock, chain and hem stitch; has renaissance
furniture; the finest and beat sewing machine
ever manufactured. . : See it at the White
Company's new office. .915 Market st.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use: best
is cheapest; second-hand all -makes at any
price;- all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand, $3, $5. $8; slightly
u»d, #10. $Xi and $20. You know where the
dolls swing In the window. 1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bougrTt, sold, and repairing guaran-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission st.
ALL kinds sewing machines rented, repaired
half piice. 2241 Mission »t, near E Khteenth.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES. -,
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. ; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731. Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CONKLN'S storage; furniture and merchan-
dise; Golden Gate & Larkin; phone East 120.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson: 281.
PIERCE-RODOLPH— Storage and Moving Co.
Main office, Eddy and Flllmore; tel'. West S2B.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
Bt. ; . tel. Main 1340. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 7
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st. ' 3
$S0 BUYS a ikw No. 6 Remington typewriter,
with two-color ribbon attachment. PAYOT,
CTHAM & CO.; 100 Battery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
PROPOSALS..
PROPOSALS— Bids Wanted— Notice is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be received
by the Board of Directors of the Veterans'
Homo of California \u25a0 - at ita . of flee, ' room . 13.
320 Sansome st, San Francisco, California,
up to 11 o'clock a. m.. Saturday, June 3,
' 1905, and opened Immediately thereafter in
the . presence of bidders, for furnishing and
delivering quartermaster '-. and commissary
. supplies, eta, for the Veterans', Home, Napa
County. California (railroad station Yount-
ville,' f. o. b.), lor • one year, commencing
July 1, 1905. and ending June 30, 1906.
Schedules with | Information and instructions
for submitting bids • will be i furnished upon
'application by the undersigned. . Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions :of the
schedules, and no' bid ; will be considered
unless it is in accordance with such sched-
ules. Bids must *be made on : samples sub-
i mined whenever | called - for. In ' the . schedule.
Each bidder must accompany bis • bid with
a certified check upon some well known and
responsible banking house for at least \u25a010
per ctnt of the amount of hi* I bid, > payable
to ;C. Mason Klnnne, i; Treasurer, : conditioned j
that the bidder will 'enter Into a good and
. valid contract upon notice of acceptance, as
required . by ' law. The - board - reserves the
right to reject : any or all bids and to order
any quantity over or under the amount specl-
- fled. Preference will be given to goods man-
ufactured \u25a0or produced ?in this State, ' price,
fitness and quality being equal, i under >\u25a0 the
provisions of section 3247 of the- Political
V Code. . .
- Address John .F. Sheehan, Secretary *of
the Board of Directors of the Veterans'
.-Homo of California,. Room 13 -320 Sansome
street, San . Francisco, California.' By or-
der of the Board of Directors. JOHN ,F.
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0• SHEEHAN. Secretary. :'-\u25a0 ;\u25a0 -;\u25a0 -."•.".\u25a0"-'\u25a0\u25a0 :;.. .
PROPOSALS for : bituminous coal.— Office
Isthmian Canal Commission. Washington, D."
C. May 22. 1905. — Sealed proposals, in, trip-
licate, will , be - received at the j office of- the
Purchasing Agent, Isthmian : Canal Commis-
sion, i Washington. D. : C, ;> until 10:30 a. m.v
June 20. 1906. ?at which time ; they \u25a0; will ±be
, ' opened In public, • for ; furnishing 50,000 tons
„ of bituminous; coal, "required • for. use on the
. Isthmus of : Panama. - . Blanks and full ' inf or- <
' j mation may be obtained ' from - this office, " or
\u25a0 offices of Asst. -• Purchasing \u25a0 Agent, , 24 >: State
• Bt. : New-York City, ;'; or 'Asst; 3 Purchasing.
\u25a0 Agent, at Custom ' House. r New; Orleans. La., ,
and blanks may:be had'at Chamber, of , Com- i
\u25a0 merce, San Francisco,- Cal.V - and , Commercial
Club.. Mobile. > Ala.- .-H. , J. 1 - GALLAGHER,
* Major, < 17. S. Army; Purchasing Agent. : - -.-
OFFICE ; of .. C. Q. \. M.; ; Vancouver C Barracks. >
, Wash., May; 16, 1905— Sealed - proposals. 'in
\u25a0 \u25a0 triplicate.' • will be .^ received *here -until^ll.
" o'clock a. . ro., y June \u25a05, •\u25a0 1905. : - for furnishing-
mineral: oil -fop the Department of Columbia:
information furnished on appHcation.* r .Unit*d
* ';-. Staus • reserves ; the • right - to . reject or "; accept
\u25a0:. any -or :• all > proposals .; or i? any c part ' thereof; ]
- envelopes - containing . " proposals ? should • be '
marked i"ProposaJs • for 1 Oil," a.l-
dressed to F. G. HODCi.^>,~C. Q. M., Van-
courer Barracks," , Wash. : '^
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPIJy—Con^
MISSION, 2512—2 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; coal and gaa stove; use of
bath. . ,- -\u25a0'. ' - • \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;:\u25a0 \u25a0;-. . -.- \u25a0
NINETEENTH, 3439, bet. Mission and Va-
\u25a0 lencia — Nicely furnished h6usekeeping rooms;
gas; bath; phone. • \u25a0 . - <-
OCTAVIA. 20— Four furnished housekeeping
rooms; use of bath and laundry; $23 50; ref-
. erences. '. • ' \u25a0:-•-'
OCTAVIA. 1232— Parlor suite for housekeep-
ing: upper flat: modern. - • \u25a0 .
OAK. 117, or 14 Page — Complete hskpg.: gas
range free, hot- bath. . laundry. $1 25-S3 50 wk
OFARRELL. 1027— Nicely furnished rooms;
bath; phone; all conveniences. ,
O'FARRELL, 832— Nice; sunny suites for house.
"keeping; gas range; bath; phone. •
PAGE. 1809— Two or three, en suite, very de-
slrable; very reasonable; new; modern.
PEARL, 3, cor. Market— 2 or 3 furnished
housekeeping rooms; no children; phone. .
POLK, 612 — $15; sunny suite; 2 beds: kitchen;
gas stove; bath; phone. Call mornings.
RAUSCH. 85. near - Folsom— Two or three
rooms I ,' complete for housekeeping; one sin-
gle front room, $5. J - \u25a0
SIXTEENTH. 3428A — Two or four furnished
housekeeping rooms: everything complete;
for summer: no children. \u25a0 •
SHOTWELL, near Seventeenth— 2 neatly fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping: rent $12; no
children; and also 1 single room; private
house; handy to car line.
SUTTER, 1111—3 nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; eunny;. price $25; also nice rooms
en suite.
SUTTER! 1115 — Lower floor, 3 rooms, $22,
with yard: 2 rooms, $17: one, $7. \u25a0 -
SHOTWELL. 622 — 2 large sunny front rooms
for housekeeping. \ "'
17TH. 4034— Parties having 8-room house
would rent 2 or 3 unfurn. t rms.: reasonable.
SACRAMENTO. 3010— Elegantly furnished
P3rlor suite and kitchen; gas range and
prate; reasonable. . -| .
TWENTY-FIRST. 2724 — 2 furnished rooms for
housekeeping or for single rooms.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3305. near Mission— Two
front rooms, housekeeping; running water;
$14. including gas. \u25a0
TAYLOR. I)ll— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms: folding bed; gaa range; $7 and $8.
TURK. 1159— Front parlor with use of piano;
new house; price $13.
WALLER, 71 — Newly furnished suite rooms in
n?w house;. sun all day; grand view; $18.
VALLEJO, 1239 — 3 nice unfurnished rooms;
modern: reas.; one car Una; nb other nners.
WEBSTER. 1351. near O'Farrell— Three un-
furnlshcd sunny housekeeping rooms. .
WASHINGTON, 1025 Vj— Nicely furnished front
suite; kitchen adjoining. '
WILLOW aye.. 8, off Larkin, near Eddy— 2
rooms, furnished complete for general house-
keeping; fl3; no children.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
A— A£Ns"wORT'H""A^ARTMENfii
COR. POST AND POLK.
HANDSOMELY FURN. AND UNFURN.
tUX.VY COR. APTS.; PRIVATE BATHS:
NEW AND MODERN: PHONE EX. 718.
ANSONIA APARTMENTS.
40S STOCKTON ST.. NEAR SUTTER.
SELECT DOWNTOWN APTS.. 2-3-4 ROOMS:
FURNISHED AND UNFURNISHED; LIGHT
AND SUNNY; PRIVATE BATHS; MODERNr
REFERENCES. PHONE EX. 422.
AINSLEY APARTMENTS.
C2O TUUK ST.. NEAR VAN NESS AYE.
CHOICE 3-5 RM. SUNNY APTS.; PRIVATE
HALLS AND BATHS; FURNISHED AND
UNFURNISHED; FURNISHINGS AND SER-
VICE UNEXCELLED. PHONE EX. 717.
~~ VAN NUTS APARTMENTS,
i 1001 BUSH ST.. COR. JONES.
5- room sunny apartments: nicely furnished:
S2S to $40: few single and suites rented by
the Areek; 5 minutes' walk to business: noth-
ing like them fnr the price. .
MELROSE. 1333 Bush— 2. 3 ajid 4 rooms, ele-
eantly furnished or unfurnished;; sunny,
steam heated, electric lights, hot water:
large kitchen: new house.
IROQUOIS, 524 Ellis— Come and see what we
have in furnished housekeeping apartments.
THE Roswell. 1360 Pine — Four and two room
apartments for housekeeping; reasonable.
KENILWORTH. 6!>B Bush— Elegant sunny
apartments; all modern conv. :cent. loc., reas.
THE Dufferin, 749 Ellis — Handsomely fur-
nished bathroom suites, single and hskpK.
THE 'Frederick, 901 Stanyan — 1 to' 5 rooms,-
j overlooking Golden Gate Park; tel. Page 6165. -
* APARTMENTS.
O'FARRELL. 793— Beautifully fur.i. modern
4-room apt.; bath: electricity; single r.. $S.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfurn.
AT ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVEN WORTH STS. THKEE HUNDRED
ROOMS. MODERN AND UP TO DATE
LIGHT. SUNNY, AIRY, HAIR • MAT-
TRESSES. FREE BATHS. HOTEL AC-
COMMODATIONS. SINGLS ROOMS WITH
BATHROOMS FROM TWO DOLLARS TO
EIGHT DOLLARS PER WEEK.
ATKINS, cor. Third st. and Park lane — New
brick build Wig; all sunny rooms; hot and | cold
water: electric lights; only first-class house
in locality: rooms $1 50 week and up. \u25a0
A—BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st.— Rooms
2i>c to fl per night, (1 25 to $5 per weelcand
light housekeeping rooms; open all night, fi >£
A— THE FREMONT. .
New management; eunny rooms; single or
en suite. . 18U4 Market; phone Mint 3431.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. I
Fifth Bt.)— Rooms. 25c to 50c. $1. $1 50 night:
$1 50 to $10 week: house open all night.
A — SAHLEIN .(The), cor. Bush and Polk; now
open: new building; rooms; prlv. baths; reas.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug store: 2 en-
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights, running water in every room; | 200
rooms; 25c to sOc per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BRANNAN. 711. near Sixth — Large sunny new
furnished room to suit for 2 gentlemen In
German family; rent $12.
BUSH, 744, or 2 Bush • terrace, near Powell —
Nicely furnished room; $6 month.
EDDY, 3 — Nicely furnished rooms; most con-
venient location; reasonable. "
ELEVENTH. 146 — Furnished rooms.
FIFTH. 107 — Pleasant, sunny, unfurnished
rooms to let.
FTLLMORE, 2212 — Furnished- room to let.
GALT House. 1206 Market — Fine transient rms.
office or hpg. rms.; reas.; best loc. Mr. and
Mrs. R.T.Thwalte.props. (form, i of San -Jose). .
GEARY, 936, near Larkin— Large sunny room
for gentleman; bath and wash room, clothes
closet; good location;* easy walking distance
from the business center. .
GOLDEN GATE aye., 521— Furnished rooms;
reasonable. '• • . :
GOLDEN GATE aye., 519 — Furnished rooms,
with bath and phone, from $10 up. \ .
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1002B — Large, well fur-
nished bedroom, suitable for 2: $10. - v-
GRAND SOUTHERN. Seventh ' and Mission — \u25a0
. 100 rooms. 35c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $7 wk.
GRANT aye.. 7 — Office and rooms, newly fur-
nished or unfurnished. $10. to-$5O. '
HOTEL HAMILTON. 125 Ellis St.. class "A";
6tecl building; new, modern; long-distance
telephone and steam heat In every room;
rooms without ' bath, $1: per day; with bath,
$1 50 to $3. Reduced rates by the week or
month. , ; ' . ; - - :. .
HOWARD,* 715 — Rooms, 25c to $1 per day:
»1 SO to $3 per week. > '
HOWARD. 829— ROOMS. : ROOMS: CLEAN
CLEAJJ; TRANSIENT: REASONABLE.
HYDE, SIS-AA nice sonny , front room; light
\u25a0 and pleasant; reasonable. ; \u25a0-\u25a0 . , \-
MAKKET. 1049 (The Falmouth)— Sunny rms.,
$2: suites, $4-$5 week; bath.- elevator; hskpg.
\ MASON,- 225— Nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
dow rms.; suit.' 2 ladles, gentleman; $2 50 up.
METROPOLITAN Hotel, : 129 «. Third . St.— 4oo ;
tingle and family rooms,' 35c to $1 50 per day;
$2 to $S < week; the - only new and modern
hotel : and -: rooming-house in San Francisco
that . has office on ground floor; hot and \u25a0 cold
water, electric lights, call. bells, steam heat
in every room and gives free. baths and ele-
vator day and night to its guests. -'. '.
MINNA. 108— Desirable .room for two . ladles.
MINNA. 37 — Nice* furnished rooms from $1 per
week and' up. --.--• -t \u25a0\u25a0-..- . -. .. - .. , _\u0084 . \u25a0>. . ;. --.."
NEPTUNE i (THE), 033 POST— JUST - OPEN-
ED; ELEGANTLY FURN.' SUITES OR SIN-
GLE ROOMS : MOD. ; PRIV. SALT WATER
. BATHS. PHONE PRIV. EX.. EAST 722.
OCTAVIA. 625— A newly furnished room .in a
private 'family. - '.. v- ::.-;. v \u25a0 ;••'.-\u25a0; ;
O'FARRELL. 358. La' Paloma— Elegant sunny
suites and single rooms; reas.; flue: location.
O'FARRELL. m»— Fnmlgfaed room to . let. '
PTNB, 704— 0a0 fanitsfaed room; $6. .
POLK, 1143 — DTectly ~- furnished, carefully at-
tended front sunny rooms; phone, bath; rea-
sonable. . .
._:\u25a0\u25a0: PROPOSALS — Continued. :
PROPOSALS for Public' Buildings— Office of
'the Chief Quartermaster San Francisco,
\u25a0\u25a0;• Cal.. May 10. 1005.— Sealed proposals, in
: triplicate, • subject to the usual conditions,
\u25a0 willbe received at this office until 11 o'clock
. a. m.. Pacific time, June 17, 1905; and then
opened- In the: presence of bidders, for the
construction, plumbing and electric wlitfng
of a frame pavilion hospital at the Presidio
( of Monterey. Cal. Information furnished
on application to this office. The United
States reserves the right to accept or re-
ject any •or all bids received or any part
thereof. Envelopes containing- proposals
should be Indorsed "Proposals for Hospital.
Presidio of Monterey, Cal.," and addressed
to COLONEL WM. S. PATTEN. Asst. Q: M.
General U. S. A.vil ." V
PROPOSALS for Subsistence . Supplies— Office
Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco, Cal.,
' May 19; 1905. — Sealed proposals for furnish-
. Ing and delivering of such quantities of sub-
sistence supplies, delivered at such wharf ot
wharves or . such warehouses in San Fran-
cisco Qal., as per pircular to be seen at' this
\u25a0 office, will be. received here until 11 o'clock
a. m., Monday, May 29. ls>os. and opened 'lm-
mediately thereafter, in presence of bidders.
-Specifications, general Instructions to bidders
and blank forms of proposals will be fur-
nished to established dealecs on application
to C. R. KRAUTHOFF. Maj. Corny.
LEGAL NOTICES.
HAVING purchased the Saddle Rock Restau-
rant nt 31 Turk st. from O. A. RUDOLPH,
all outstanding bills -must be presented three
days from d^te. May 20. 1905. C. W.
GREER. . '
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHa
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of tho publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and . residence of per-
sons authorized to have, the same published."
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this col-
umn free of charge.
BORN. .
DE COLMESUIL — In this city. May 11, 1905.
to the wife of George T. de Colmesuil, a
daughter.
MACWILLIAMS— In this city. May 19, -1905.
to the wife of James S. MacWllllams, a
daughter. - •
-___^.__ _____
Allen, Josephine A. — 25;Mcntl, Frank — 25
Bennett, Mary . | Mooney, James
Blackiston. Sister Mary O'Hanlon, D. J. — 29
Assisicem — 6."l O'Leary. John — 64 I
Coleston, Wm. J. — 28 Riordan, Patrick
Egeberg, Lena — 57 Roy, Alexander A.-^ — 26
Franquelin, Armand Sehaub (Sharp) John
Granger, F. M.^ — 47 Shay.% Christopher— 3B
Greeley, Mary— so Simmons, John P. — 21
Macdonald.Lucy B. — 34 Sullivan, Wm. I. — 37
McLaughlin.Daniel— 36 Wallenrod.Mary A.-'W
ALLEN— In East Oakland Cal.. May 21. 1905,
Josephine A., beloved wife of William T.
Allen, and mother of Louis G. and Chester
H. Allen, daughter of Louis and Augusta
Sund, and sister of Louisa. Carl R., Her-
- man and Alfred Sund, a native of Kansas,
aged 25 years 1 month and IS days. .
BENNETT— In this city. Hay 21, 1905, Mary,
\ beloved ' wife of the late William Bennett,
. and beloved mother of Edner, Christie, Alice,
Myrtle and Willie Bennett and Mrs. Hester
Sinclair, and sister of Mrs. K. Matbrlch and
John Kelly, a native of San Francisco.
E7 Notice .of ' funeral • hereaiter. Remains
at the-yarlora of J.C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street, between Third and -Fourth.
BLACKISTON— In this city. May 10. 1905. at
• St. Mary's Hospital, Sister Mary Assisicem
Blackiston, a native of England, aged tt.J
years. . - .
Cynve funeral will take place to-day
(Monday).' at 10 o'clock a. m., from the Chapel
of the Passion, attached to St. Mary's Hos-
pital, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
.commencing at . v o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLESTON— In this city.' May 20, 1905, Wil-
liam J., dearly beloved son of Sarah and
the late Samuel H. Coieston, and-dearly be-
\u25a0 loved brother of Sadie, Annie, Henry and
Lizzie Coleston and Mrs. E. J. Field, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 2S • years 4
months and 20 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral- to-day
f (Monday), at S:3O a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 16C9 Church street, thence to . St.
Paul's Church, where a requiem high mass
will he celebrated for the. repose of his soul
at II a. d. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EGEBERG— In this city. 'May 21, 10C5. Lena,
dearly beloved wife of Lorentz Egeberß,
and devoted mother, of Mrs. R. S. Coker
of Sacramento, Mrs. J. E. Smith, and Julius
C. and Emil L. Egeberg. a native of Hol-
steln, Germany, aged 57 years 1 month and
19 -days.
E_TFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at
2 p.-m.. from her late residence. 3973 Eight-
eenth street^ between Sanchez and Noe. Cre-
mation I. O. O. F. Cemetery. :"
FRANQUELIN— In this city. May 20, 1905.
Armand Franquelin. beloved son of Mr. and
Mrs. A Franquelin. and brother of August,
Emile, Adolphe, Edmond and Adelaide Fran-
quelin, a native of San Francisco.
(C7"Funeral private, to-day (Monday), at 2
o'clock p.'fri.. from the parlors of Julius S:
Godeau, 810 Van Ness avenue. Please omit
.'flowers. Interment private. . .
GRANGER — May 19, 19C5. Frank M. Granger
of Redwood City, husband of ' Mary A. Grang-
er, and father of Minard and Frank Granger,
' a native of Illinois, aged 47 years 1 month
andl4 days.
Eyrht) funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), from his late residence. Redwood
City, at 11 o'clock a.m. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by train leaving Redwood
City at 12:03.
GREELEY— In thte city. May 21. 1905, Mary,
beloved wife of John Greeley, and mother of
Joe Greeley, a native of Ireland, aged 50
years anil 14 days. . * , .
MACDONALD — In North Rustlco. Prince Ed-
ward Island, March 19, 1905, Lucy Bell, be-
loved wife of John A. Macdonald, and
mother of Helen Macdonald. aged J>4 years.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city. May 21, 19C5,
Daniel McLaughlin, a native of South Da-
kota, brother of W. L. McLaughltn of
Dcadwood. S. D.\ and beloved son ot Ellen
.McLaughlin of Keokuk. lowa, aged 3G years
(Deadwood and Keokuk papers please copy.)
MENTL — In the City and Coutoty Hospital.
May 20, 19C5. Frank Mentl, a native of Bo-
hemia, aged 25 years.
MOONEY — In Oakland, May 19, 1905, James,
beloved husband of Alecia R. Mooney, and
father of Mary T. and Francis A. C Mooney
and Mrs. W. B. Compton, a native of County
Klldare. Ireland.
U_T Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
May 22, at 8:30 a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 568 Twenty-second street, thence to
St.. Francis de Sales Church, where a re-
\quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repese of his soul, commencing at B a. m..
Interment St. ' Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
O'HANLON— In Vacavllle. Cal.. May 21. 1905.
Daniel J.- O'Hanlon, dearly beloved son of
the late . Cornelius and Bridget O'Hanlon,
and brother. of Joseph F. O'Kanlon. a native
. of San Francisco, aged 29 years.
O'LEARY — In this city. May 21. 1905, John
\u25a0 O'Leary. a native of England, aged fri years
9 months and 20 days. A member of Pa-
cific Coast ' Marine Firemen's Union. •
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 a. m., from the parlors of
.; McFadden. Mcßrearty & Green, 1171 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
• ment Holy. Cross Cemetery.
RIORDAN— In this city. May 19. 1905, Patrick
Riordan. beloved husband of the late Sarah
Rlordan,- and father of James,' William and
Joseph Rlordan. and -, Mrs. W. Collins and
Mrs. Charles Martlnelll, a native of Ireland.
K7" Friend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully . Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:45 a, m.,TOm the parlors of
McFadden. Mcßrearty & Green. 1171 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth, thence
to St. Mary's *\u25a0 Cathedral, where a requiem
". high " mass * will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, at 9:30 a. m. ' Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.; ;' >i
ROY— In this city, Hay 17, 19C5, Alexander
A., beloved son of Julia A. and the late
> George E. Roy. , and beloved -brother of
• j George E. and Fannie M. Roy and Mrs. Susie
.. R. Talley. a native of San Francisco, aged
26 years 7 months and 4 day*:.:
: ' -• - (Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
! fully Invited \u25a0to attend the funeral r to-day
(Monday)," at 8:30 a: m., from his late resi-
dence... 2650 Folsom street, thence to St.
Peter's Church," where a* requiem high mam
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
at 9 a.m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetenir*
SCHAUB ; (Sharp)— ln this clty.v May 20. 190 T.,
• John, beloved- husband 'of Anna Sehaub
(Sharp), and -father of John. Mary, Winnie.
Annie and Caroline Sehaub (Sharp) and Jo-
'; ; seph Mills,'-'.' a native \u25a0of Alsace, - Germany.
(Marln County papers please -copy.) . .'. ,\u25a0
(C7"Friends and s acquaintances are r^speei-
: fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrcw
(Tuesday), at 10 a. m., from hfs late resi-
dence, .11 Lafayette street. Please omit
'.flowers. . . . . ' . . >
SHAW- In this city. May 21^ 1005. Christo-
pher 1 Shaw/a native of County Westmea th.
,-; Ireland, aged 3S years. '. -
• ICTThe vfuneral will tako place to-morrow
j eiO!cof\iivoß&eo
PTJNSTtATj^DIBSCTOBS
767 MXSSIOH STEE3T
TEX.. MAIN 561Y
CHAS. Hj;J. Wm & CO.
rxnxTm&T, uiEECToas. "
1 9O;» M ISSION ST.. .
Eet. 13th and jlUth; Telephone; Mission ICO.
E.V- COFFANIJY. / 'H. VAN DIEKEX.
THe Mb:ILiN>USDEftTHK:SiiJ tJU. (nj.)
Ernest W. ".-'Jakobs, 1 Secretary. '- ' *
Pnneral JOixecsors and Exncclmers.
taiIs, VALENCIA ST.; cor. 17th.
— Phone Mission :^U7. Kan Francisco."'
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
MAKE YOUR OWN PRICES.
AUCTION SATURDAY. MAY 27TH.
' GRAND OPENING
OF WAKEFIELD TRACT.
On Saturday next. May 27. at 1 :30 p. m.,
the most beautiful piece of residential prop-
erty in Al&meda County will be sold by public
auction.
The tract is, bounded by 21st and 23d ave-
sues. East 24th and East 27th streets, and the
panoramic \lew from the property is unsur-
passed. The entire tract is eewered. cement
sidewalks are In front of every lot and each
street is macadamized, guttered and curbed.
The new schedule of the, Southern Pacific
which goes into operation on the first of June,
\u25a0will bring this property within 2S minutes'
ride of San Francisco, with a twenty-minute
service and boats up to 1:30 a. m.
The property is within ten minutes' wslk
of 23d-aveaue Southern Pacific ctation. eight
tninutes to California College and only six
blocks to Garflcld Schoal. No better invest-
ment for a home could possibly be desired.
Building restrictions will thoroughly protect
the property. No saloons will be allowed.
Commuters' fare to San Francisco will be five
cents. Take an hour off aad investigate for
yourself.
Terms at the auction will be one-quarter
cash, balance one. two and three years.
For further particulars see
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery street,
S&a Franclsoo.
~ W. J. GUNN.
530 California street.
(Savings Union Building.)
83.075— Northeast business corner on Clement;
"2:fxlt>o: a splendid buy; redus^d from
$371.0; Just, the location suitable for mar-
ket, store or bakery; flats above never
will be vacant.
$1,075 each — Two lots, east side Eleventh
aye.: 150 reet south from O?ment.
$j,CG£ p».-h— Two lots east side Seventh aye.,
between A snd B; bank will lend $600
on c-ach.
$3.S'7'- — Gr« n and Pierre, corner: 25x100; fine
marine view; choice location. ; ,
$2,575 — Pierce, north of Vallejo; 25x1C0; fine
lot
510.500 — Five fiats paying $71 50; sunny side;
n^ver vacant: fine buy.
\V. J. GUNN. KtO California st.
BUY ONE BEFORE
THEY ADVANCE IN PRICE.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$225 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Traa : I'vel as a billiard table; one grade; close
to f.cho-jl and Missicn-st. electric cars; bound
to double in value.
?400 earn on installment? of $10 per month:
ro taxes; fhi" lett; near Ocean boulevard; best
residence !»>cation south ci Golden Gate Park;
thf*e are th-i cheapest lots in this district;
advancing in rrice rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
2f> Montgomery st.. r. S. Phone Mem 5704.
$5.00 DOWN' and $1.00 a w«*k; finest lots in
the city that over were put on the market,
according to price and trrms; only 1 block
from the electric car line and ready to
build on. Call at any time. Take Folsom-
st. can.
LEOPOLD WEINSTEIN.
2574 6a.n Bruno aye. (Open evenings.)
MISSION INVESTMENTS, BARGAINS.
$7150 — Three new flats. 6 rooms and bath;
Income $SOO per annum; fine neighborhood; dou-
ble frontage; will bear investigation.
$6000 — Two new flats, 5 rooms and bath; near
22d an* Valencia; high basement and driveway;
deep level lot*: can build stable for 8 horses.
HENRY FEIGE. Builder and Owner,
IO6S Capp utreet.
PANHANDLE residence, reduced during May
only to $6500; 9 €unny rooms, bath, reception
hall, laundry and nice garden; solidly built;
olepantly located; near stores; fine car ser-
vice; panhandle, Buena Vista and Golden
Gate park*. 1210 Waller St.. nr. Masonic aye.
FOR the best list of country property, farms,
fruit and poultry ranches, stock ranches, al-
<alfa and timber lands, send for .catalogue.
RCTHERMEL & CO.. 507. California st,
CALL or send for our list of city property:
also have a selected list of Berkeley, Oakland
. and Alimeda. ROTHERMEL & CO.. 507
California st.
$175<'> — ALMOST n»w cottage. -6 large rooms.
bath: brick foundation: high basement: level
Jot: Folsom St.. nr. Cor t land aye.: $250 to
$500 wh, $35 month. Dolaji Co.. 24 Montgy.
$3750 50 — 2 5-room fiats. . cottage front; 4062-
€2H 23d vL, near Castro: rents $40 per mo.;
• «!S*y term*. Apply to RAGLAND, 518 Mont-
gomery st. ...
$]350— MODERN cottage; 4 rooms and bath:
strert work all done; $200 cash. bal. $15 per
month; if you want a nice home at a bar-
rain see this place. .1310 Mission st. '
$26fiO — COTTAGE. 6 rooms, bath; $100 cash
down, balance monthly at 6 per cent Interest.
MJssion Realty Co.. 3297 Mission st.
EAEY terms — House; 6 rms: lot 60x100; Bos-
wortii St.; Mission ears. Owner. 6TS6 Ch\j\ r. 1
$1000 — FINE marine view; Greenwich st. lot;
terms to suit. Owner, 2776 Union.
FREE — Our booklet on plumbing: write AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumber*. 83G Howard st.
SAJV MATEO REAL ESTATE.
_-_a~_aluE_~~~" "
On Use of San Mateo electric car*.
45 minutes from Fifth and Market streets.
Lots $400— AND UPWARD.
>... # ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$10 DOWN AND $10 PER MONTH.
GO DOWN AND INVESTTGATK.
BELBY. RODGERS A CO..
116 California st. Phone Kala 673.
REAL ESTATE, TO EXCHANGE.
tlsoC— looo ACRES hickory timber land m
Tennessee. What have you* Box 2748, Call.
PROPERTY WAJTTED.
LET us submit your property to our clients;
we have buyers for city real estate ranging
from $2500 to $250,000. Call at our of noes'
or drop us a Ilne stating where our repre-
sentatives can see you.
fi. W. CROZIER COMPANY,
2SO Crocker Bldg. . Phone Main 654. ,
WINERY or cite on R. R.: large quantity and.
good truallty of grapes. \u25a0- Box 5139. Call office. '
'.'. [' . ;- Tb T JLEASE. .-/•\u25a0\u25a0 . . . \u25a0 : ;
TO lease — For * term of yean, between Market'
and Mission. First and Second stfi.,-2 5-story
brick buildlnsa. with fall concrete basement*,-
as a wbole or la subdivisions to suit tenants; 1
each floor contains 7000 square feet; frcntace
on three streets; splendidly lighted; elevators
and all other conveniences; cheapest rent in
dry. HUGH KEENAN CONSTRUCTION
1 COMPANY. 30 Jessie St.. San Francisco. Cat
UPHOLSTERY.
Trt. Sooth 216— How do yon sleep? Mfettreaaea,
furniture, carpets rentymted and sterilised;
tasnaMe2g>6e proem. Rroe. 1432 He ward st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTWTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE
9-ROOM, 2-story, modern: large yard, fruit
trees, flowers, etc.: 3 minutes from Morton
station. Apply F. H. FOOTE, 123 California.
NEW cottage of 5 rooms, 2312 Clinton aye.
New cottage of 5 rooms; lot 290x155: $3700.
J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park. St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTS'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
SOMETHING unsurpassed la a building site
for a beautiful home having: all the require-
ments and advantages of such a place, with
no objectionable features. For price see
BIRDS ALL & CRAIG. 2167 Shattuck aye..
at Berkeley* Station.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
7-RCOM cottage in North Berkeley for June
and July; fully . furnished; gas range, in-
stantaneous beater; nice garden. 1529 Spring
Bt.; near car ilne.
8-ROOM house. Mock from Nerth Berkeley
station; rent $30. 2147 Center st.
BERKELEY FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED bouse of 12 rooms; East Berke-
ley; within 2 blocks of campus; from May
16th >to Angu€t 15th. HAIGHT, 401. Cali-
fornia st., San Francisco.
BERKELEY COTTAGES TO LET.
NICE eunny cottage of 5 rooms. Apply corner
Shattuck aye. and Rose St.. North Berkeley.
BERKELEY HOUSES WANTED.
HOUSE wanted — I wish to purchase an 8 to
10 room bouse east of Dana at., brtweeo
Bancroft way and Stuart st. at $4000 to
$0000. with full eized lot. for cash. M.
MILLER. 1432 Wlllard st.. S. F.
BERKELEY APARTMEXTS.
IX Berkeley — 2. 3 and 4 room apartments ; new
building: modern: newly, furnished. Bancroft
\u25a0way and Telegraph aye.: near university.
BERKELEY HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
IN Berkeley, furnished housekeeping rooms;
' convenient to all trains. Call or address
2120 Sacramento st.
FRUITVALE ADVERT'STS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
5-ROOM cottage: lot 100x175; south frontage:
bath and pantry; fine basement, barn and
berries: carpet, stove, chickens, etc.. go with
the place; an exceptional buy: must sell on
account of sickness; price $3000. Address
box 322. Fruitvale P. O.
FRUITVALE HOUSES TO LET.
NEW flve-room cottage, high basement; all
modern Improvements. Belmont st., off
Fruitvale aye.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'M'TS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
GRAND AUCTION
\u25a0 ON THE
WAKEFIELD TRACT.
. OAKLAND'S
IDEAL RESIDENTIAL PROPERTY.
I v ~ "~?~* — I
I I ~~ "' ~ 1 I
On Saturday, the 27th. at 1:30 p. m.. 135
large, choice lots on the famous Wakefield
Tract will b» offered at public auction.
This beautiful property Is bounded by 2lst
and 23d avenues and East 24th and East 27th
streets. The whole tract is sewered, cement
sidewalks have . been laid In front of every
lor and all the streets are macadamized, gut-
terp<i and curbed.
The view from this magnificent property
surpasses any on the bay. It is free from
fog and the climate is delightful. The new
schedule of the Southern Pacific, which goes
into operation the first of June, will bring the
property within 28 minutes' ride of San Fran-
cisco, with a twenty-minute service and boats
! up to 1 :3O a. m.
It Is only ten minutes" walk to 23d avenue
Southern Pacific station, eight minutes to the
California College and only six blocks to Gar-
field School.
Building restrictions will thoroughly protect
the property, and no saloons will be allowed.
Terms of ra.l* are one-quarter cash, balance
one, two and three years. For further de-
tails see *
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery strett,
— OR—
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT,
. 1060 Broadway. Oakland.
WILL sell beautiful 8-room house for cost of
let; 50x100: 3 blocks from business center;
Al location. Box 1816. Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furniture.
H. Schelhaaa, 11th st.. cor, store, Oakland.
« . . . \u25a0""
San Francisco AdYertVents
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT. 421 — Two sunny rooms, furnished
for housekeeping; rent $12: one single room.
BROADWAY," 1085, corner Jones— Furnished
housekeeping bay-window room; sunny; ma-
rine view; laundry; $12. ,v . v^
BUSH. 1427, near Van Ness — 3 large rooms,
partly furnished for housekeeping; yard; $16.
EDDY and Polk (Gladstone)— Elegant sunn/
housekeeping apartments: 1. 2 or 3 room*.
EXoLIS. 673 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
everything complete: reasonable rent.
FELL, 376. between Octavla and Gouglt — Three
neatly furnished rooms; gas range, bath, sun-
ny, bay window. • •- \u25a0' -
FOLSOM, - 974 — Front sunny suite of complete
housekeeping rooms, $10; also others, $7-SG.
FOLSOM, 1600. cor. 13th — Large, sunny, .fur-
nished rooms for light housekng. ; gas, bath.
FULTON, 150— Sunny, furn. rooms for bskpg.;
near City Hall and Vaa Ness; phone; Ist flat.
FELL, 228 — Nicely furnished - suite for house-
. keeping; central; $14; bath, gas range; adults.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 258, The Perkins— Hpg.
. apts.; suites and single; modern; phone. .
GEARY. 1225 — Fine suite rooms, sunny, , with
! » private bath; suitable for housekeeping. .:
GEARY,' 642 — Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms and housekeeping; rates reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 136— Nice sunny front
room and kitchen, complete for housekeep-
leg; cheap. - ..-\u25a0\u25a0-. , \u0084
GEARY, 1830 — Three cozy sunny rooms; bath;
\u2666^ furnished complete' housekeeping; $20..-
HARRIET, 3, off Howard, near Sixth — Two un-
furnished rooms for* housekeeping; , down-
. stairs; .rent reasonable. . •. \u25a0•-. \u25a0 -.' .
HOWARD. 1703—2 front rooms. . furnished for
housekeeping; gas range and running water
in rooms. < \u25a0 . \u25a0 «..\u25a0•• \u25a0 '\u25a0>.-..
LARKIN. ' .817%— Nicely ' tarnished . corner
room ; gas stove; reasonabte. . •-\u25a0-;'. . .
LrlLX,:ave.; • 25— Two . newly 'furnished front
•.housekeeping;: rooms to • let V .. V\ -\u25a0/\u25a0;.
MOSS; 13, ' off Howard,- near : Seventh— 2 fur-
nished rooms. ' ' complete . - for \u25a0 housekeeping;
<adults only. ."' "'" * *-\u25a0"'
MINNA, C 63 — Nice canny houeekecpinc ' room 1
suitable for two; also stagle rooms...
KISSIOK, 1063 — Elegant suite housekeeping
rooms; running ' water; phone, gas aad rms
store: mim» single rooms; rent reasonable. \u25a0 .
MISSION. 275S— Honsekeepin* rooms.HIKE FISHER'S GAME LITTLE COLLEGE PITCHER. WHO BATTLED SO HARD
AGAINST THE LOS ANGELES TEAM YESTERDAY IN THE SOUTH AND WAS
FINALLY BEATEN -IN THE SEVENTEENTH INTCING. r •
" . i Tb« I effect'^on % the *-. digestive "organs
after ?*' I^sh'B • Kidney 'and Liver
Bitters in >. trul y wonderfuL - " r«" : r : > - • : '
PARIS. ; May ;;2i;-^The' Prix de Diane
(the I French' Oaks) . for \u25a0 three-year-olds,
purse -$10^000,/ ranking next to the
Grand ' Prix*, det Paris/: was "'decided ; to
day ' at - Chan tllly,';. Veil % Picard's J Clyde,
ridden ;\u25a0; by ~: the 1 "American :' jockey," - Cor- •
mack, " wlnnlngby, a s head.\f The betting
was _s ; to^< 1 j agaltfst V" Clyde.v: Edmund'
Blanc's* Muskerry ' was the' ; favorite; \u25a0 but
was. unplaced.' There i' :were< fourteen
starters.;- : ..-.,-• , , :
French • Oak* for Pieard'a \u25a0 Cl j-de.
''S-\ KANSAS V" C *TY ' SELECTIONS!
- : -\ .Plrit. ;race— -Ml«« A nx tons, . Delta,
PollyjPoreirt^T '"'; •",;-. ' '.. : ' \u25a0'.' -V
v-'J SeioTßd? Tac*-— Royal ; Legend, ' Ethy
lene t^Modioiia.; ; ;^ r ~-;~-'~" ;." ; "V."
'•;'; '• J Third } rnee Hadnr, Rnben,- Agnolo. • -
Fourth race— Best Man*" \u25a0\u25a0 Modred,' -. Ml
Relnn." "-.". '' :'::'": ': : '" : '.- : :: : ". : '':"J'^- : -'
Fifth race -- Telephone, Baikal,
: GlMMMtuL'i ,';->J "_>'; " .\u25a0= '-;• •-.:. :t.." •- .>' \u25a0• \u25a0 -\u25a0• -
Sixth race — \u25a0 LMioaa, St. - Denis,
Adarevv \u25a0; '-\u25a0 :\u25a0•-\u25a0 - " ' V' \u25a0\u25a0 . • \u25a0 : "^ : - ;
'• " "\u25a0':-\u25a0 \u25a0:\u25a0•'-\u25a0 ~< '-'- .• -..>\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ',' :_-\u25a0*:
SAN DIEGO. May ;21.'— The closing
day's shooting, of - the .Pastime ; Gun
Club's ?' tournament was ij attended by
forty sportsmen.^ The -.principal^ event
was the shoot 1 for ; the f Jenks ' trophy." It
was won by William' Halbrlter. of this
city. The > high average [of the tourna
ment ;was;-won? by^.Vaughan of Santa
Ana,' Mills l. of I Santa VAnat being second, 5 "
Varian^of Los;Angeles^third r and Julian
of this city; fourthly The J prize > for ? the
lon gest • run i of j consecutive i breaks \u25a0 dur
ing the : tournament ¥was^ divided be
tween : Ecker.'of: this -city, and; Hagerman
of Los Angeles/each 1 having ' made! 42. >
TrapshootinsT In the Sooth.
""Troop A: ""\u25a0 National* Guard . of Califor
nia; held its? monthly.^ shoot;; at \u25a0:; Shell
Mound Park yesterday afternoon; using
revolvers at a\fif ty,-yard range ; and F 6n
Cree^more targets.'^ Sergean t ' *F. t:
Engle = won the - niedal,* -though k he ; did
not ;' have - the ; highest i score. \u25a0 *As : two
men -have already;;won "medals, T the
honorHhis ; time i goes to Engle. Scores:
\u25a0 -Lieutenant E.H.CaiV, 41; Ljeutensjnt'R.*C ;
Gresnlnger.- 3»:vSergeaat^C Orton.«3B;- • Ser
geant?F..T: Engle v44; ; Serg|ant?F.P.^ Leh
man., 44; Sergeant .Pope. ; 3s; ; Sergeant . W. .• Ba-"
ruth,- 17 : Sergeant C. A. \ Becker. • 48 ; 5 Corporal
M . \u25a0' C. \u25a0 BolU. : 33 : .- Corporal - J . y- Stelnman. • 35 ;
Corporal F-." Bartels.- 35 r Corporal , F; Piaen
don.; 24 ; Trumpeter :G. : Rnge. r 26 ; ;. Private G .
Cairus. - 30; * B . " McPlum. . 10;^J .X F .-- Bolts. 22 ;
Er Morrison.- 22;' A.^ Jooßt.^2o; +A'.y Beard.? 87:
W. 26;. •'•\u25a0 E.-;>Trengoye,v2;" J.-s:F.
Peters. . 3S; . 8; » Bernhard,^ 43: ; H,^ Cramerding.
;24; G.;John«on.i 35; M.^ Goldberg.. 25; E.» Cor
telyou, 6; J i Werner. ; 41 : = T. ; Connelly, J 32; H:
M«yer.<l2;;.C.Ollnger. 38;: J.,V.- Peters. 532;
:A;.jKant,,33.y:^^:.-; V. : S]::-y/:. \u25a0r . ..;,-,.:
; .The^following*, scores jwere: made \ on
the' 200-yard' range i^by.members^of "the
Golden!* Gate SuVerein : \u25a0 H. vJ. ? Burns// 44 ;
EJ-yir^Lcwls^lSiil/rH. 4 Kuhlke,:42;, ; V
Sergeant; JSncle. Is MedaUst.
Chain beat Conroy. 3-0: False Alarm beat
Rocker Arm/ 5-4. Aeolus a bye.
Fifta round— L. U C. beat Renegad*
Apache. 4-Q: Gold . Chain - beat Aeolus. 4-1;
False Alarm a by*.' . \u25a0 ' - \u25a0"'-\u25a0"tmpmtttm
Sixth round — L. L. C. beat False Alarm,
10-0; Gold Cbatn a by*. • !
\u25a0 Deciding course— Dr. F. P. Clark's L. L. C
(Fttter Free-Sweet Favordale) beat Pascal
Poe's Gold Cbaln (Bright Chain-Mlnnaane). 7-4.
The second game Oakland won before
Roach got warmed to \u25a0;\u25a0» his *\u25a0'\u25a0> work.*
Schmidt .was : hit * hard,.; but when a] hit
was needed he would not yield up/ Seat-,
tic had the bases full and. none out in
one Inning," yet could not; score. .After
the third inning Roach was hard 'to hit
safely. Scores:
Seattle— Oakland— "
AB.R. H. P.AI AB.H. H. P.A.
Kane,3b..s 12 1 2 VH!tn.cf 4 1 1: 2* 1
Miller.rf. 3,11 10 Krupr.r/. 3 0 0 1 0
Houtf.ir. 4 o'osl Dr.lvy.lf. 4 0 1 1 U
K«mr.lb 4 13 8 1 iCook,lb.. 2 0*0.5' 1
Frary.c' 2 0 0 7 1 Kelley,2b 4 0 0 11
McHlecfl 0 0 0 oiDevrx.3b 4 0 1- l'l'
R.Hall.s.''3 0 3 4 2 Fmcks.s Z 0 '1 I.. 2
Burns.2b 2 0 0 O 4 Byrne*, c 3 1 111 1
R.Miilr.p.4 v 0 .1.1 .1 Grham.p\ 3 0 0 -0 1
TtitmlMjaa. SlO 27-12 Totals. 33 - 2 5 24:15
SEATTLE, May 21.— Seattle and Oak
land broke even in a double header",to
day. Tbe first game was a beauty, with
plenty of cS .;irp fielding. Roscoe Miller
earned irsMtkets because he was steady
in the pinches and the fielding -behind
him was fast. Oscar: Graham was hit
hard, but his support saved him, four
men being thrown out at the plate.
Kemmer made three two-baggers. He
scored one run and drove in -the -other
two. Oakland was dangerous up to: the
last minute. " v: . . : : >-
With the bases full and but one. out,
Byrnes drove "a long fly to'^left In 'the
seventh. Houtz relayed • the ;. ball' home
so fast that .Cook .- was " cau ght - at r the
plate with what" would have been- the'
tying run. . . .; "> : '.. '\u25a0'\u25a0'.:'.:'• \u25a0\u25a0'"\u25a0 \u25a0'"\u25a0" \u25a0'-'
.\ORTHERX TEAMS BREAK EVEN*.
Van,' L'oolumay.' \u25a0 ' ." " \u25a0' 7- ••-\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0
: - r Third . irace~A«Klet«i Friilt, Erla Lee.
Fourth race— Lubln, The Cook, Fore
hand. _ " -. . y . : '. .- . . \
'Fifth race— Joe Lesser, Mlm Ma*
pmri\lSpticm.\' : -' i j.':^' :: .j i \ : •".';\u25a0:"..\u25a0 . ...v .
. Sixth : race Frank \u0084 Me, Lacy Crair
ford,'p«i»*trAßk Me. . - * :
'\u25a0EtM RIDGE ENTRIES. . ' .; "
KANSAS CITY, May 21.— The entries
for to-morrow's races at Elm "Ridge
track follow: \u25a0 -
First race, five furlongs, ' maidens^- Alma
Gardla 105, Miss Anxious 105." Polly Forest 105.;
Lota Gladstone 105; Delta 105. : PlntO 108, Quick
Stride 1 108. ' Gauze . 108. > St. Hubert 108. : Oflver
108," Uncle. Dudley 108. ' ". '
\u25a0• Second ~ race -- six ; ' furlongs, selling — Clara
Berry 85, ". SUinbrook 87.' Melodius 91. 1 Sports
man > 02. '-Royal Legend 94. Ophelia: Martia 97.;
- Hazel Roberts ' 98. Squid 101. * Durbar 102. : Ida
Davis 104 vTom: Bone 104,-. Sid Silver 106.-Dou
ble Six 107.':Etbylene 108. HanswOTSt.lll. „
'-'. Third race.- four and a half furlongs," selling —
i Blue Pirate « 103 ' Parvo , 105, Agnolo i 108, . Gary
108. > Reuben 107, :: Footsprlne 108, i Hadur 109. 1
Fourths race, » serens furlongs. - celling — Loyal
Street 85. Harpoon 88.: Marco M,* Ml Reina 95.
Hopeful s Miss 97,« Lady 1 Mistake 87. Martha' C
1 07.iPotrero Grand 106. -Best 'Man 106,' Modred
! 106, Royal : Blue 95.^ ;^f~ ?= V'-oV
'•-'-\u25a0 Fifth race,' one and an eighth miles, selling—
GoUspofW. 1 Ada >N 'lo3. j Hoodwink 103, Sarah
'-i Maxim": 103,; Our? Bessie 1 104.H Falemlan = 105,
I ! Glassful : 108,'^ Telephone i 110, '\u25a0 Baikal * lit \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-*:.*
1 ;: - Sixth * rare, % one < mlle,-i selling— Lady < Ellison
98 'Arc '"- Light W>.' \u25a0 Preaentiment • 90. » Big Bow
' 101 ' \u25a0 Eduardo >, 103.' i LddAon X lO3, \u25a0 Fleetwood '• 10B, '
\u25a0Peggy O'Neal 107, St. Denis 107, Marsh Redon
MlO7.- Adare 108. v-\? : ';.-'\u25a0'\u25a0-<'*' . : "-. : rv.V --.;\u25a0.-. \u25a0•
v^'eather cloudy, l - track fast.
" PARIS, May 21. — Auretlere,'a French-"
man, Cwon " the Bordeaux-Paris blcyda
race \to-day, covering the 370 miles ia
sixty hours and 'fifteen minutes.
Frenchman Wins Cycle Race.
SACRAMENTO, - May . 2 L— Don ' Han - ,
lon. captain and third baseman of th»
J. F.* Cutter baseball team of .San.-Fraa
ci sco. dropped dead at Vaca villa this
afternoon, while running: to .catch a
train. He had partaken of cherries aad
icecream butra short time before. -X>4\
ceased is said to have had organic heart
troubled: He was a bartender,-unmar
ried and was 29^years of age, • *.
' *'\u25a0 » "~~~! — -\u25a0• .". , \u25a0 »\u25a0 "- ) "
Cherries and Icecream Cause Deal*.
First '\u25a0; race — . Tom McGrath,' Harry
Sc«tt, \u25a0' Hamortet. .; . . . 'r --
? 'Second race— Dave Sommers, Darni-
ST. <XOUIS SELECTIONS.
. Thirf rounds-Renegade. Apache heat Capital
Lady, 5-3 . The Referee beat Galfeston, - 10-2 ;
Polka Dot beat j Reckless Rose/ «>: . L. L. C
t*>at Fair Flying. 3-2; Conroy beat Ml Amlgo.
5-0- |Gold Chain j beat- Blaze. 3-O: False Alarm
beat rresldlo Boy." 8-0: Rocker Arm beat May
Tunlson. X-2;-: Aeolus beat ' Famous Fawcett,
11-2. ' ' i jXi KJI j * dlW'll^il^Hllf <MWif >*»i">l
. Fourth round — Renegade Apache beat Polka
Dot. 3-2: L. I* : G.~ baat Tht Releree; 5-0: Gold
Second round — Renegade Apache* beat • Reck
less V Acrobat. 6-5: '.Capital Lady beat Presto^
3-2: The Referee beat Sky Van. 4-0: Galvestoa
heat Real -American. 5-3: : Reckl?ss Rose beat
Northern Flyer. • 7-4 : Polka Dot beat Lord Sef
ton. • 4-0: ' Lv.-.L- iC- beat Ina.Cissus. 4-0; Fair
Flying beat.Sea -Uon; 3-0: ,Ml: Amlro beat
Ajfgle Rocker. 7-2; Conroy beat " Doretta. 6-0;
Blaze beat Forest Fire, 17-3; Gold Chain beat
Colore»l Lady.^ 6-0: - Presidio Boy .-beat :. Honest
Jchh. , 5-0; False " Alarm beat : SUngaree. ; 4-0}
R'xiker Arm beat Amaadan. 2-0; May Tunlson
beat. F.ower Glrl.-2-l: Famoua*Fa^rcett beat
The Rival." 3-0: Aeolus b-»t Mavis Clalr. 4-3. 1
Reserve stake — Rsnegade Apache beat Idle
wyse, t>-0; Reckless -.Acrobat beat -Whoa . Bill,
6-2; Presto beat. Monbells.' 4-3; Capital Lady
beat Aurella, 4-1: The Referee beat Imperious,
3-2; Sky. Van beat Loretta. 5-4: Galreston beat
Tamora-.. 4-2; Real American beat Lady Leeds,
6-3; -Northern -Flyer beat Glaucua, 4-2; Reck
less " Rose . beat' Sunny brook, 6-0; Lord .. SeCton
beat Blue Craig; 8-2;. Polka Dot beat Sir. Win
ton, 2-C: L. L. Cheat Musssy. 5-3; Ina Cis
su» beat J. E. H.. 2-0; Sf a Lion beat Peerless,
Beauty.: 3-2; Pa»r Flying beat - Sierman. -5-0;
Ml Amlgo. beat Bob R.: B^2;' A«3ri« Rocker 'beat
Hidden Hatred, 5-4: Do ret ta a bVe. 'Shot Gun
\u25a0wHh.lrawn:.Conroy beat Kre« Born, 3-1- For
est -JFire-j beat ' Lulu Girl. 3-0; , Blaze .beat \u25a0• Y«l*
lowstciie. 5-3:' Gold Chain beat Texas Betty,
4-2; Colored Lady beat Fairy Belle, 3-0; Hon
est John'beat .Odd -Eyes; 7-1; Presidio- Boy
beat Angus Clssus. 5-0;. False Alarm beat Se
cretive, -2-1; Sting*ree beat'-Hodson.- 5-3;
Amancan ' beat Fiery •Rock..- 3-0; Rocker Ann
beat R. W.,'.6-ot. May Tanlson,b?at Haagbty
Helen. 5-3: i Flower Girl beat Boodle Boy. 5-0;
The Rival * H beatr. Concord t; Boy. . 5^0;, . Famous
Fa wc«tt beat Anna Ryne, 5-3; Aeolus beat
Si roc. 6-2;. Ma vis Clalr beat Cubanola. 3-2.
25 birds, champion class — O. Feudner 23 r
Nauman 24. Webb 24, Forster, 22, Iverson' 18
Gibson 21. Bradrick 22, E. Klevesahl 21 F
Feudner 23. Haight 21, Sears 21. -First class—
Blade 16, Haver 22. Daniels ,22. - Petris 23
Lewis 17. Murdock.lB, Seat-les 11. Swales lfi
Second class— Jansseri 19. McElwalne 21 Mas*
terson 19, Grimm 17. Fisher 14.. ATcElwaln^
won in' Ehooting off the Ue.- ThSr cSi^
Schneider 18, Patrick 19.' Harvey 19 niSuck
7. Dutton 10. Biller 16. Leary 21. • Bodk^ f o
Flnnle 11. Gross 8/ Barber 14. iArywoS the
medal. \u25a0 . \u25a0 : --...''*\u25a0 .
Medal shoot. 25 birds— Forster 24 'E. K1««*
sahl 23. F. Feudner 23, ; Webb 21, Naum*B-S0
Bradrick 21. Gibson '- 17. Haight 24 Sears 17*
O. Feudner 22. Iverson - 20. Forster won in
the shootoff or ' the .tie * with Haigbt. First
class— Slade 20. -iHauer: 18, "Daniels 22. PptriJ
21. Lewis 18. . Murdock : 22.V Searles 17 Swale,
22. Daniels ,won *In 1 sbootoff of tie Second
class — Janssen 19/ .? Taylor^ .17. f Knick 21
Shields 20, v McDlwalne > 21." • Masterson 2S*
Grimm 14, ,Fish«r 4 19.'.;« Third (class— Schneider
19. Patrick 13. Harvey ; 22. Mastick ' 5^ Dutton
19, Biller 19. ; Leary 20. i Bodkin 17,*. Flnnle 15
Guggenhelmer e,';Grosa-15,",Swarts : 16, Barber
The monthly shoot of the. Union Gun
Club attracted a large number of trap
shooters yesterday ;to the, Ingleside
grounds.; In the medal shoot at twen
ty-flye bluerocks, Forster and Haight
each broke, twenty- four/ In the shoot
off Forster won. The day's scores:
Cup Vac*. 25 . birds— l veraon ' 24, Harvey *1
Schneider 23. Bode 15, Daniels 23, DuttonSo'
Patrick 11. Dr. -Petris. l9. Barber 14, F^ild:
ncr 24. McElwalne 24." Dr. Finnic 19. Gibson
24. Smith 20. Haver 23, Bradrick 22. Marterl§S
20, Lainpke 2. Shields 21. Lewis 17. Krani 19
R. C. Kenlaon 21. O. Feudner 24. : Scott Le»Vv
20. Grimm 19, Go«ppel 20, Haight-21 ~~-?~77?Z.
Oft 01 a Tie fn the Medal
: : Event.
Defeats the Latter in the Shoot-
Henley went into action yesterday
morning after a two weeks* illness and
had enough to buffalo, the Giants. He
was a bit -wild and forced in the only
Portland run in the fifth Inning, when
w*th two down and two on the paths
be passed Householder and Schlafley,
thus forcing a run through. Jones -was
getting his right along and the six runs
were the result of twelve good bingles.
The score:
Portland— f s*a Fraariseo—
. ~ A ?-^- H '*-A AB.R.H.P.A.
At*, es. . 3 0 I 2 JWMni, cf 4 0 1 2 0
VB.lb-lf 2 1 1 8 O'spener.rf 4 12 10
Hshlir.cf 3 0 0 0 3ttVaelr3 t tVaeIr 2b 3 0 2 4 •»
Sch!2y.2b 2 0 0 3 o<Hl<Jbnl.lf 4 0 13 0
MCr4i.rf 4 0 0 1 1 Irwin. 3b \u2666 110 4
MtrfclMb 2 0 0 2 LlNeaJn, lb * 2 3 13 0
Rckle. 3b 4 0 0 2 2!shea. c. 3 1 1 4 O
Murpfiy.c 4 0 0 « 2'Gochnr, • 2 1 0 0 3
SS&IT& t o
Totals.^ 11 illcl TK * IS - 29 6122713
RUXS AND HITS BT 2KNIXGS. •
Portland ..*. 00001000 0 t
Ease hits 0 0 1.020 1 00—4
Eas Francisco... 10020300 x «
Ba.se hi vs 3 0 0 2 14 1 1 x—l 2
SU3IMART.
Stolen bases— Henley 2. Shea 2. NeaJoa. Atz.
Errors — SchJaJJey. Jocer. Two-base hits iTI
win, Nealoa. \u25a0Wneeier. Henley. Sacriflce hits
—Van Buren. Shea. Gochnauer. Wheeler First
bate on error— San Francisco. First base on
called ball*— Off Jones 3. off Henley 5. Left
on bases — Portland S. Saa Francisc 5. Struck
nut — By Jcaea 6. by Heaiey 3. Double play
McCreedie to Murphy to Runkie. Passed ball
— iiMTvUy. Time of game — One boar fifty mia
stee. Umjrlre — Pcrlne.
Henler I« Ri*rfc- Aem In.
FORSTER OUTSHOOTS HAICHT. '
AT THE WGLESIDE, TRAPS
I ST. LOUIS, j May 21.— The entries for
to-morrow's. races at the Fair Grounds
follow: I : I';-:.' /A -."-.- V- ;-->:->;• '\u25a0 :'.
..First race, nine-sixteenths of a mile, maid
ens,: purse — Myrmidon; 100,- Kuropatkin 112,
Squanderer 115, -Humorist' 115. Sly -Bon 111.
Watchful 103. Bluegrasa Lad 111. Horseradish
108, Harry Scott 111, St. - Columb 111. Rolla
111; Brother Frank 115, Loyal Front 111, Tom
McGrath lit. _ :.'\u25a0.:•>
Second \u25a0 race,*, six furlongs, \u25a0• selling — Darnivan
1(57, Lookaway 105.'-Dave Sommers 107, Rhyme
and Reason- 110, Glendale 115, Gay \u25a0 American
110, Ghats 110. Marchioness 105,' Jack McGinn
115. Tom Kiley 106. Quaker Girl 908. Axares
107, Sir Francis II 113. Specks Day lt>7. Bark
ley 113. \u25a0- \u25a0\u25a0:" ' \u25a0 :. -: -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -.:- ' \u25a0 --y.±_ \u25a0
: Third race, eleven-sixteenths rof "a mile,
three-year-olds, purse— Angleta 110, Metalic
110, Fruit ' 100, Linda Rose \u25a0 107, Fancy Dress
ICO. Red; Leaf 107. Erla Lee 107.; Katie Ash
100, ' J'eggy s 100.' Luretta 100, Aureceiver 10T,
Intrigue 107, Tyrolian 107. - - - .' ; - •
\u25a0'\u25a0 Fourth race, one and an eighth miles. han
dicap—Cornwall 86. King. . Ellsworth 105. Lu
bin" 107, The Cook 99, Taby Tosa 102, Forehand
114.'. -. ' - \u25a0 !,v \ .>;\u25a0;. :\' \u25a0 - ' . -.
Fifth race, one mile, selling — Miss Mac Day
101. Marlln 104. • Canyon 108, 1 Luclan 105.
Dalesman 113,, Joe Lee«er 110. Edward Hale
105, - Light Opera 104." Wlllowoene 83, Ethics
102, Dixie Lad 04,. AcUon- 111.
- Sixth race, one and , a sixteenth miles, •ell
ing-—Bishop "Weed ICO. . Plautus 107, Rhoderick
Dhu 97. Frank Me 107. ;. Broodier 102, Lacy
Crawford 107." Royal Arms * 102, Dolinda 107.
Hilee 102, Passive 90, Judge Brady 100, > Don'.t
Ask Me 100. Lampoon 100,' Varro 107. , .. ;
Weather cloudy: track [ fast.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
The. racing yachts Challenger and ...
Corinthian cruised- In the channel.
where a strong breeze was blowings
The. tide ran flood till 2:33 p. m. at
Fort Point, so many yachts dropped
anchor in Paradise Cove or cruised 09
as far as McNears Landing. The fol
lowing yachts ; dropped hook at Para?
disc.Cove: The sloops Queen. Curlew,
Juanita. . Phoenicia, ilerope... Alinne- '\u25a0
tonka. Nautilus. Amiso and Ariel .oZ '.
the San Francisco .Yacht Club, .with '\u25a0 th»
sloop Alert of the California Yacht *
Club and the Ivy.. ' . ... .
In the afternoon a fresh breeze ble-w,
and, .the tide, having, turned, the yachts
had no difficulty- in making -thair moor
ings. The- motor bqats :ldlewild and
Chipmunk were 'also under Way. Th«
schooners "Martha and Aggie and.- the
sloop Sappho cruised -In the channel. "'.
-. "Mernuers" night" at the San Francisco
Yacht dub no'use on Saturday n'ght . Wa j
much, enjoyed. First yrizes in the whist
tournament were won by Uray and An-*;
•drevrs...the second prizes belnjr captured
by -Hill and Jeaaess. -• J.-R. Savory ' took ,
the euchre prize and Neu3ta"dter d«
-award-foT-billiards. «-.*- »- • --- _•"
A large number of yachts of the Saa --
Frahcisco, corinthlan and California
dubs* fleets cruised yesterday m tiia '
channel' or in the upper bay. Off 3au
salito tn the mornins the breeze Was r
light, the flagship Challenger, the sloop"-*
Queen and other yachts being towed *
from. their moorings. -. . • ::.
ila n r Boats of the San Fraaelseo Club
Fleet Drop Anchor* la Fara
' '; . dl»e Cove.
FLEET YACHTS < CHALLENGER
ASD CORINTHIAN I'.VDBR WAT
I .The hares; at Union- Park yesterday
afforded much betters running thaia for
several months past..' In*- the- deciding
course of the reserve stake the hare
took Gold Chain and L« L C, the Stock
ton greyhound, across the field and then
made good 'its escape.. Gold Chain led
nearly to the fence, where LLC out
worked the son of Chain and
won.' This was the most exciting final
in many months, i"
The class stake was won by Panoche,
which led and defeated Humboldt In
the deciding course.
There were, a number of-decided-up
sets iin the ' reserve event; Reckless
Rose beat Northern Flyer, May Tunison
beat" Flower Girl and Famous Fawcett
beat The Rival, all at 6 to 1. Stlngaree
beat Hudson and Famous Fawcett beat
Anna Ryne at 4 to 1. The day's re
sults, with Judge P. J. Relliys official
scores, follow:
" Class stake— Rocked Asleep beat PocateUV
5-1: Humboldt beat TlUle R. 5-0; Rector beat
La Rosa.- 2-1; Freeport beat Pomona, 3-2: Val
ley Pride \u25a0 beat Frisky Barbara. 3-0: Panoche
beat lost Chord, 5-0; Mr. Zlgnego beat Frank
C, 3-0: Tcm Kins beat Lord Brazen. 5-0.~ ."\u25a0
Second round — Humboldt beat Rocked Asleep,
4-3; Freeport beat -Rector. 7-O; - Panoche • bemt
Valley Pride. 6-1; Mr. Zlgnego beat Tom
King. 3-0. . ...... :>
Third rouad — Humboldi beat Freepcrt.' )Ul:
Panoche beat Mr.= Zignezo,- 3-O. \u25a0 - -
Deciding, course — E.. Scott's Panoohe (Prom
ise Me-Freda C> beat J. Dennis' Humboldt
(Hot Stuff -Crawford Lass). 4-L
.»t SUMMARY : OF. BOWLING. ' V
• '.;. • -,'.; .". ' : [Maid- .Wiqk-
Bowler • " Balls. ens. Runs." ets.
Isern ...... '..... :.v;i50 -, 4 40 ' 4
Roberts ....--..,v.- ; W6- >2. r 53 3
Isern -bowled • two ,-p.ide; ballssi , .-\u25a0 v ; ..,
SAN-FRANCISCO COUNTY CRICKET CLUB^
H. T. Pepys,, b. W : illtes.-."..5.. .............. 5-
T. W. Tetley. b. Wi1ke5................... 0
H. B." Rlcharilson,*. not- 0ut .\u25a0.;............... 96
L. *E. *. Duquesne. b. . Wi1ke5: . .«. . .. ; .'. ... .... 0
L. H. Isern, b>- Ca5idy...................... ' 0
H. Roberts,. b.--W11ke5. .......«.......:....', 0
W. E; , Rooker. .b.: WHkes. 0
T. J. A. TUdemann. 'b.'W likes... Y...^ :..... 5
H. Dlxon. b. Jamie50n.....:...."..:......... 0
R. -B. Shand; at." WHding,- b. Jamieson. . .... 0
E. G.Slomanr'b. Bowly.. ..*................ 13
;Byes 3. wide;L-nq balls 2......... 6
Total •.;..:.•.......•.••..••..;. ...... .125
' Rufas &£ the fall of > each wickets-One for 1."
two for 6,.t hree for. 6. four for:i7,. flva for 18.
six for 22.' : sevdn f or 34,"elsht-. for. 41," nine for
41, ten fpr 125.. -v--;^-. C^--:";;: ' " -\u25a0 .. .-- >'
\u25a0 SUMMARY. OF; BOWLING. . ;
"-•"* \u25a0 itald-- -Wiok
;i. Bowler—'- :'*?-" Balls. . - ens. . Runs. ets.
Wi1ke5:...........-" 1^-' 7 • 21. 6
Casidy \u25a0\u25a0:...• 30/- 0 -22 /.I
Jamieson-.. •-••'?! • } x0 — 2
Taylor ..:.;.V:.......;*8 1 26; -0
Bowly j.-. . . .;. .'. . ....•_• •,• 20 \u25a0' -\ .14 <^; 1
Lannowe -:...'. J8 \u25a0\u25a0 ... .0 .15 0
Elliott • . . 1 . . . > • •' -\u25a0: : • • .i 2 - ' J -.-. 2 « 0
'-'••Wllkea /bowled -one. wide and Bowly one no
ball. \u25a0\u25a0:.'•' :'-'-;-\u25a0\u25a0- ;; :^ '- -\u25a0
Total '."...":.:*.. .'\u25a0--• • :'•••.: ........•....". /:142
Rons' at~ the fall' of each wicket— One TorS,
two for 32 'three for 58, four for CO," five for
70 six for 83.- seven for 94.'. eight for 105, nine
for 13S. ten for 142. . ' .^- >
- .-."... •. :\u25a0\u25a0,:?.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . .- -..- ".--.\u25a0 .
The Pacific cricket eleven-beat the 3an
Francisco County team by a margin of
seventeen . runs '. in ' a closely-fought ; . and
interesting match "yesterday on^ the
grounds*. at Alameda. | The . San Francisco
County.. captain, won -the' toss and sent
the Pacific meff^RP-tfle bat. '- Bowly and
Wilkes opened^ThT^ batting, : -the former
being-; clean by Roberts -without
making , a run. ; Elliott . joined .Wilkes and
the j two- made. , a. stand, - the - former scor
ing sixteen 'runs and ' the j latter 'thirty
two. -Wilging added- eighteen and Casidy
the same number, while D. Jamieson was
not ; out . for twenty-eight. The innings
closed for the" repeatable, total, of 142 runs.'
Isern and Roberts | rendered good service
with the ball, the former taklng.jCour and
the latter; three :. wickets..- '..,
... The San Francisco County 4nen could
do little' with the bowling Jr Wilkes, who
took six wickets for \ twenty-one ' runs.
Seven of the San Francisco men . made
no runs and nine wickets were down.for
forty-one runs. ) Then Gloman joined his
captain an"d • kept : his wicket up for ; a
long time for,; thirteen runs. Richardson
scored : ninety-six runs not out, " but the
total fell short eighteen runs, of. the num
ber necessary for a victory. Nine of the
ten wickets were clean "bowled: The de
tails follow: . \u25a0
. PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
E. H. Wilkes. c. Tetley.b.- Isern 32
H. D. Bowly. b. R0bert5. .........,:...... .: 0
H. R. Elliott.. b.Tet1ey"..... .......:..::... 16
A. W. Wilding. C Isern. b.' Roberts.......; IS
,W. Petherick. . c. Tetley. b. 15ern. ......... 8
E. R. Lannowe. .b. Tet1ey. ........ ... ..... 0
H. C: ' Casidy. c . Richardson, b. Roberts... IS
N. Lt*an. C. Richardson, b. l Isern.. 3
D. B. : Jaroieson.v not 0ut. ...............:.; 28
Dr. O. N. : Taylor. -;cr.Tiedemann, -.b. Isern.'. 10
H. N.'Storrs. r0n0ut.% ..:... . . ........... ; . 1
Byes 4,i1e6. byes 2. -wldea 2..... 8
Stolen bases — Smith. Gray. McLaughlin. . Er
rors — Dillon, Toman, Nordyke. Two-base hits
— Eagan, Smith, Toman. Sacrifice hits- — Shee^
ban. Nordyke. First base on errors— Los An
geles 1. Tacoma. 3. Left on bases — Los A nee lea
10, -Tacoma 5. Bases on balls— Off Gray 2. off
Keefe 3. Struck out — By Gray 6. by Keefe. 4.
Double plays — Smith to . Toman :• Smith to'To>
man to « Dillon. \u25a0 Wild • pitch — Keefe. Hit- by
pitched ball — Spies, Flood. 2. Time of game-
Two hours thirty-three minutes. Umpire — Da
vl*. . ' ' ' ' ' - - : •~- /. ' '
SUMMARY.
L. Angeles 000001 0000000000 I—2
Base hits 1 0 010201000000 0.1 3-D
fTacoma..."o OOQOIOOOOOOOOOO o—l
Base hits 110 0 1 110 0 0 0 10 001 I—B
•One out when winning run ecored.
fHo^an out, bunted thira strike.
RI7NS AND HITS BY INNrNGS.
Flood. 2b 4 12 1 4'Shehn. 3b 6 'ft 2 4.?
Emith. 3b 7 0 2 4 4 Nrdyk. lb 0 0 021 0
Dilion.lb 7 1 1 lfl o:Eapan. *. 5 0 2 7 7
Crvth, rf 6 0 2 9 OiMcLciUf 6 0 12 1
Ross, if . 7 ' 0 0 3 oT,ynch, cf 6 0 1 2 0
Tcsian, 8 7 0 * 1 7 sroraham.c 6 0 : 1 7 • 3
Spies, c. 5 0 17 MHogan, rf 6 0 0 2 0
Gray. P. 6 0 0 0 SlKeefe, p. 6 0,1 0 7
Tctalß.ss 2 D*so 21» Totals. 64 • 1 SM» 25
LOS ; AXGELES; May 21— Gray arid
Keefe fought out one of the greatest
pitchers', battles' to-day ever seen on
the home diamond. For seventeen In
nings they contested every inch of the
way, with, neither having; a perceptible
advantage until the final inning.. Gray
held ..Tacoma down, to .eight [ hits Tana
Keefe allowed but one more. Both
teams scored a' single run fn the sixth
inning and there, was nothing more in
the run-getting line until the seven
teenth.
In .the first half of the sixth Doyle,
for Tacoma, hit to Smith at third, who
threw -wild, Doyle going to second.
Sheehan fcacriSced him to third and
McLaughlin hit to second and was out
at first, Doyle scoring on the play. In
Los Anereles' half of the same inning
Flood singled and Smith doubled along
the third-base line, Flood.
The next ten innings were fought
out by the pitchers', the batters for
both sides jgoingr out in one-two-three
order in nearly every inning. Neither
side was in danger of scoring until the
final half of the seventeenth. In' this
Inning, after the Tacomaa bad been re
tired in their half, Dillon led off for
Los Angeles with a clean single to
right. Cravath followed with a single
to left, Dillon advancing to third and
scoriug when Toman lined the ball out
to extreme left. Four thousand people
saw. the game! Aside from tfte great
work of both pitchers there was -little
of the spectacular in the game. Ber
nard carried off the fielding honors,
making two brilliant catches -in center
field. Tacoma made but one error in
the long firame, Los Angeles being
charged with three, but one of '• which,
however, having any bearing on the re
sult of the game. Score: v
Los Angeles — I Tacoma — '.
AB.R.H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Brnrd, ef 6 0 0 3 o|Doyle, 2b 7. 1 0 4 4
PITCHERS BATTLE IX THE SOUTH
Errors — Kemmer, Dash wood (2). R.~ Hall
Burns (2), Kelley. Francks (3). Earned run*
SeatUe I. Oakland 2. Two-base hits— Roach.
Houtz; Cook, Devereaux. Stolen bases—Dun
lea vy. Cook. Sacrifice hits— Roach. Kruger
Francks. Struck out— By Roach 4, by Schmidt
2. Bases •on balla — OS Roach 1. Hit by
pitched ball— Byrnes. - Kane, Miller. Dash
wood. Double play— Hall to Burns to Kem
mer. Left on I bases — Seattle 14. Oakland "5. 1
Time of game — One hour • and . fifty minutes.
Umpire — Klopf.
SUMMARY.'
Seattle 0 0 0 1 0 2 0 0 0 3
Base hits 0 2 0 3 14 1 2 2—15
Oakland 2 040 0 01 0 x 7
Base hits 2 .0 4 0 2 2-2 Ox — 12
Seattle— | Oakland— -
AB.R.H. P.A.I AB. R.H. PA.
Kane. 3b 5 12 2 2 VnHn. cf 4 3 1 11
Miller.rf 5 0 1.1 0 Krugr.rf 3 13 3 0
Uoutz, If 6 0 11 O.Dnlvy. If -4 1 1 .1 \u25a0>\u25a0 tt
Kemr.lb 5 0 1 7 llCook, lb 4 1 3"7 0
Dshwd. c 3 0 1 3. 2iKelly;2b 4 0 0= 6 3
McHle.cf 5 0 1 3! 0 Dvrx, 3b 3 0 1 2 2
R.HII. ss 5 0 2 2-3Fmks.ss 3 0 1, 2 3
Burns.2b 5 0 4 3 1 Byrnes, c 3. 0 0 3 1
Roach, p 4 2 2 1 4.Schmdt,p 4 1- 2 .- 1 2
Totals. 43 3 15*23 13| Totals.32 7 12t26 12
tKrugcr out hit by batted ball.
\u25a0Kemmer out, hit by batted balL
RUNS' AND HITS BY INNINGS.
SECOND GAME.
Errors— Dunleavy. Kelley, Graham. Earned
runs— Seattle 1. Oakland 1. Two-base hits— '
Kemiaer (.\u25a0£),- Byrnes. Three-base hit — Van
HaUren. Double plays — Houtz to Hall >to
Frary; Graham to Kelley. Stolen bases — Kru
ger/ Dunleavy. Sacrifice hits— McHal6.(2). R.
Hall. Struck out— By R. Miller 5. by Graham
5. Bases on balls — Oft R. Miller 3. oft Graham
3- Hit by pitched ball^-Cook. • Passed balls —
Frary (2). I>eft on bases^ — Seattle 7. Oakland
5. Time of came — I^o2. -Umpire — Klopf. --\u25a0- .
Seattle ..........0 1 0 0 ;2 0 0 0 x— 3
Base hits. ..'.-..•. 1 <2 1 0.1 2 1 2 x— lo
Oakland ...0 0 0 0 0 10 1 o— -2
Base hits 110 0 0 1-11 o—s
SUMMARY. -'\u25a0'
RUNS • AND HITS BY INNINGS.
HARE ELUDES
FLEET HOUNDS
PACIFIC TEAM
IS VICTORIOUS
San Francisco— | Portland —
AB. R.H. P.A.j AB. R.H. P.A.
vTil<3n.cf 4 0 10 O.Atz. s .. 4 1 0 4 2
Ppncr. rf 4 0 0 1 2 Vnßn.ln 2 O 0 9 ©
Whir. 2b 3 O © 0 4 Hehldr.c! 3 0 14 0
Hifibd. If 4 © 1 1 O Pc*fly.2b 3 0 14 5
Irwin.Sh 4 0 1 2 :t M<?C<!e.rf 4 0 O 4 O
N>*ln.lb 4 O 013 « McLn o 4 1 1 1 2
Wi*on.c 2 0 0 5 1 French.if 3 0 110
Gchsr. s 2 0 0 5 3;Rnile.3b 4 110 1
W!l=is. p 3 110 C Garvin.p 4 0 0 O 1
Totalß.3o 1 4 27 131 Tot*ls.3l" ~3 ~E 27 U
RVNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. /
Portland 1 2 00 000 0 O— 3
Base hits 1 2000101 0 — 5
Sen Francisco ..00000001 0 — 1
Ease hits 00000012 I—4
-'-> < BUMMAKT.
Stolen bajof — Schlafley. Atz. Errors —
Nealon f2), Garvin <2). Gochnauer. Wheeler,
Irwtn. Runkle. Two-base hit — Irwtn. Sacri
fice hit* — Van Buren. French. First base on
errors — San Francisco 1. Portland 4. First
base ca called balls — Off Williams 3. off Gar
vin 3. Lelt en bases — San Francisco 5. Port
land 7. Struck out— By Williams 4. by Garvin
1. Ts=>e cf game — One hour aad forty minutes.
Cißoire— Periae.
Garvin winged 'on over so fast and so
accurately that every one of Uncle's tribe
v.as on his staff. Xot a man hit safely
tiil the seventh, when Hildebrand beat
out a bunt. The Giants played a good
game in the Held behind Garvin. while
McLean pegged out every man who tried
to gei away with a steal. In this respect
"Wilson was wrong, getting only one out
of four. The score:
McLran poked out a hit and French
sacrificed in the second. When Runkle
placed one into right Wheeler deflected
it ju.^t enough to prevent Spencer throw
ing- the big catcher oat. at the plate.
Garvin i>oppod up a fly and r.'ealon drop
ped it. He also booted one from the bat
of Atz and while the rough work \u25a0seas
beins performed Runkle came through/
The Giants did not get any more rans,
though it was their own fault, for, they
tureiy had enough chances. Every inning
or so some Seal would boot one around,
but thf-y all perished orvthe sacks. Wil
liams continued to hand out the best he
had and besides he scored the Seals'
lone one in the eighth when he beat a
scratchy one to Garvin and rounded every
turn after the sylph like Texan had
hfaveil the leather into the right field
bieechers trying to throw Dick out at
first. . - -
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE. |
W. L. Pet.- , W. L. Pet j
«"»»klar.d . . .27 20 .574 Los Angeles.2l 21 .500
Tacozs* 2t» 2O.S65SeaUle 21 26.447
Sao Fran ..2t5 J2 .Zil Portland ...19 27 .413
Uncle's followers have taken to that
prove where sloppy work is the goods.
The fajis saw them boot the ball all over
the lot at Recreation Park yesterday
afternoon and then come up and bat out i
pop flies. It was nearly as bad a game
aj Saturdays, though <i the pitcher was
there and had everything but support.
In the morning at Oakland yomng Henley '
had lots of fun fooling ihe Giants. I
Scores: Morning game. San Francisco 6,
Portland 1 ; afternoon game, Portland 3,
San Francisco L
Dick Williams posed for the second time
In one of Uncle's suits, but he had no on«
to help him win his game. From the
outset the Seals were baa. Inning by
inning passed, but no sign of improve
ment was evident and Uncie was lucky
t.-» dodge a blank.
"Williams* troubles commenced \u25a0in the
first spasm when he gave Atz a pass and
Van Burea sacrificed. Householder binged
one past short, letting in a run. That
ene was earned, but (he two that fol
lowed in the next period vtcta labeld
Christmas presents, though the season
was out.
\u25a0 Batteries— Smith "and McFarland; Patten and
Klttredce. ; _ . .>
ST. LOUIS, May 21.— Boston won by hitting
SudhoiT hard in the ninth. \u25a0 Attendance 14,
200. Score: ' i .: - . : -
',"R. H. E.
St. Louis 2 .6 ,2
Bor.ton .•.......:... ..3 y 4 0
Batteries — Siidhott and \Sugden; Winter,
oineen and Crieer. - '_.. -
. NATIONAL LEAGUE. • .-
BROOKLYN, -* May 21.— Chicago ' to-day
' pla>-«d all around the Brooklyn -men. -who, by
getting two runs in the ninth, avoided a.shut
out. Jones was batted out of - the box in the
first. Mclntyre, who. replaced .-him, -held his
own until the seventh, when two . hits . and
tKree errors gave the visitors four more runs.
Attendance 10.000. Score: - '
R. H. E.
Chicago ..1... :.. ...11 .11' -2
Brooklyn . 2 7 6
Batteries — Lundgren and- Kling; Jones, \u25a0 Mc
lntyre. Doeschrr and Bergen. Umpires — Klera ,
and Bausewinej. ; . •'
CHICAGO. May 21.— Washington's inability
to hit .Smith, who held them safe throughout
the game,' .lost the second :of - the 'series- to
Chicago. A base on balls, a sacrifice • hit ; and
a single in the opening session gave .Washing
ton their o.nly score. A one-handed = catch by
Cassidy, a 'running- catch by Hill and. the fine
all-around work of the Chicago team were. the
features of the game. Attendance 25,600. Score:
- , - --- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 f/;.;; . ; •-.:": R. ,H. -'E>
Chicago ." ...2 ":.4.. 0
Washington ;.......! : 1 • S
AMERICAN " LEAGUE.
In the Grutli" Club shoot AL Suter was
the winner of the first prize at «»e bulls
eye event. "J. Frey captured the second
prize.
'i. lie day was all ; that could be wished
for by riflemen, as the light was steady
and a gentle breeze kept the .powder
smoke ' away from the range, giving the
marksmen ! an unobstructed view of the
targets. . Tb« scores: .;'\u25a0 :
California Schaetzen dub, ' monthly bills
eye shoot — C. Sagehorn 311 pointy. M. Kolan
der SSU, A. yon Wyl 1506. A. Studer 1016, P.
Attlnger 1060, John . Boiler 710, C. Myer 554.
F. C. Hagerup 1205. A. Rahwyler 622. J.
Horstmann 521. . A. : Juneblat 821. C • Sonning
sen 637. W\ •F. BUsse 41 J. F. 1. Ppvey SW,
C. M. Rousseau 1237, George Tamm'eyer 800.
A. Utachig-lOJO,; J. E.. Klein 001.- CM: Ear
ley 1103. L. Thterbach 1225. T. J. Carroll 1200.
H- Diehl • 1003, 'E.: Woenne 1306. Otto Nolle
3722. F. Simmen 1481," 0. . Imdorf 1435, :F. O."
Bertelsen 1482, W. McCracken 1670. W. Kolden
1754. L. TViUe-1255,.F. Riede 907. M. Reubold
2294. F. Sutter 1360. J. L. Ut*chl? 190 C. A.
Strecker OGS. R. Finking 661. H. Scheunert
1284, F. Levers: 1353. .Pistol annex— W. F.
Blasse. 9\. 90: G. Tammeyer. 86. 78: C. Meyer.
70, 56; J.Bouer. 72. 73; M. 'Kolander 70. 79;
F. J. Povey, 77. 78:.T.- J. Carroll, 77. 08; E.
Woenne. 77. 62; G. M. Barley. 91. 92; O.
Nolte, 73, 78; J. L. Utschls. 7a
Ban Francisco Grutli Vereln. monthly balls
eye shoot — First prize. A. : Suter; second. J.
Frey; third. O. Imdorf ; "fourth; A. yon Wyl;
fifth. 'A. Hlntermannf sixth, A. Studer; sev
enth.- L. Hauser; eighth.- . John Leutennegger;
ninth, R. Haoser; tenth. T. Slmmen.
Charles ' Sagehorn, : a veteran of . the 1
California Schuetzen Club, carried off. the
honors yesterday at Schuetzen Park. He
was far ahead of his club members on the
builseye -target,- making the tood record
of 311 points.- His nearest competitor was
W.,F. Blasse, with 41L' \u25a0 . . :
* , On the pistol, range G- M. Barley made
two good scores of 91 and 93 rings, there
by winning the honors, from the pistol
shooters. W. F.' Blasse was a close sec
ond with 90. . . -.- j \u25a0 ...
STIXDIXG OP TIIE CLUBS.
Light Is Steady and a Gen* r
tie Breeze Wafts Away
th c Thick Powder Siiiokej
NATIONAL. '•\u25a0.\u25a0•\u25a0•. AMERICAN.
Clubs.-. . W. L. Pet. Clubs. W. L. Pet.
New Y0rk... 23 « ."£«! Cleveland ...14 9 :o«i9
Plttsburg ...IS 12 .600, Chicago .... .15 11 .577
Chicago 17 15 .5:31 Philadelphia..l 3 12 .520
Philadelphia.. l 4 13 .519 Detroit . ;.. .13 12 .520
Cincinnati 12 10 .429 Washington.. 14 15 .453
St. Louts. .-..11 17 .393 St. L0u15....13 15 .4fS4
Brooklyn ....13 2l,.3J>2iNew York... 12.15 .444
Boston 10 IS .387 Boston .11 16 .407
Only one tournament tennis "match
.was . played . on . the tennis ' courts | yester
day, but it was one of the closest and
most interesting seen in months. It was
the finals of the handicap doubles tour
nameat commenced at the California" Club
a week dgo. The contestants were Carl
Gardner and Melville Long and Harry
Rolfcand George Busch. They met on
even terms and after five close sets bad
betn played -the* erdlct went to. Gardner
and Long by a narrow margin. The scoro
was 5-7. 6-4. 2-6, 7-5. 7-5. .
*' All four played good tennis and the oat
come was in doubt until the last point
hau been played. Stamina undoubtedly
won the raa.ch for Gardner and Long.
Rolf e and Busch play themselves .' out .
out after about three sets, but they held.'
gamely on yesterday and almost won out.'-
Long and Gardner can play all day with-
out tiring and to this fact they Owe th,eir
victory. V. • • - - " '"--•
.Gardner was the star of the four, doing -
some brilliant playing- both at the net aad
in the back CQur!.,v.YoujJs Long .was
rather erratic, but gave his partner good
support: | Rolf e was ' the mainstay o* too
losing team,' As .usual he was as steady*
as a clock, but waa not sufficiently* ag
gressive.' 'Busch. played In streaks ? i at :
times being brilliant and? at other tunes
playing .„ rather poorly. __ He .won many,
points on his short crosscourt drives." HU
service was by tar 'the best ot' the f our.
This, is Long- and Gardner's first victory \u25a0
in a tournament for these cups, Rolfa
and Schmidt won the first touxoamea&
for the trophies. .
Few practice matches ,were played on
the club courts. Carl Gardner and Har
old Gabriel played tiro fast seta In
singles. Gaidner was too strong for his
clever young* opponent and took both seta.
The score was 6-2, 7-3.
Dr. Noble caused quize a. surprise by
winning four straight seta from William
Murphy. The latter ranks at the top of
the fourth class and seldom loses to any
one in that section. The doctor was at
his best and won by a score of 3-2. 6-4,
6-4. 7-5.
W. G. Knowlton and Grant Smith met
in a handicap match. Smith allowed his
opponent odds. of 30 and after losing two
love sets pulled out the next two. Tha
score was 6-0^ 9-0. 2-6, 6-8.
H. Lund made an excellent ' showing
against H. E. Punr.ett. The latter is a
class* above his* opponent, bat -expert-*
enced some difficulty in beating him. The
score was 6-3, 6-3, 7-5.
- Gabriel, and N. Blaisdell played two .
dose* seta, both of which went to ta« *
former. Score, 6-4, 11-9. ~
W. fi_ MacGavin and Dr. Younger di
vided -the honors in a two-set match. ..
Eactwon a.W set. . \u25a0
NEW YORK, May. 2L— Three more days
of racing .. remain ' to be run 6ff at Bel-.
mont;Park, after which the scene; will
'shift to Gravesend track, ' where *on
Thursday ; will be , - decided the $20,000
Brooklyn handicap, the. first really great
race of the year because of - the I fact of
its distance and of so many good horses
being engaged. There are, however, some
interesting | events still to : be decided at
Belmont v Park, one of which, the Thirty
ninth Belmont, should be a memorable
race. The fortunate owner of the winner
will become the . possessor of a piece of
gold plate valued at JlOOO in addition to
about $17,000 in money. Hence it is the
most valuable purse of the year up to
date."! / ;. \u25a0 ;.".:.. ;,
\u25a0It 'is understood that James R. Keene
will run at least, two in 'this : race, Wild
Mint and. Yon .Tr^mp. Sysonby is not en
tered. \ August Belmont will start
Blandy. winner of the Withers. I* V.
Bell's ! Glorifler will' ; no doubt - run. So
may Sydney. Faget's Jonquil, F. Bur lew's
Migraine,^ John E. Maddens, Hot Shot
and R. T. - Wilson"- Jr.'s Sporting . Star.
The defeat. of Tanya, a' few, days ago by a
field ' far from first class .would . have lost
that fine filly many admirers were it not
that there .were .extenuating circum
stances." It is now said 'she was not at
her best by any means. ,
If the track is dry' "Wild Mint should
win the "Thirty-ninth Belmont- The en
tries for to-morrow aX Belmont Park:
First 1 race, high weight handicap, seven fur
longs, main course— Roseben 140.' Kenilworth
130, \u25a0 Lord " Badge \u25a0 123; Nepiunus 117, *srry C
116, " Voladay 115, Black Prince 113. Ceder
strome 111. Delcanta 'lU. Katl« Caffrey 110,
Toi San 113. " - : . ... < -.. .-\u25a0
p Second .race, 1 four " and ' a', half "furlongs,
straight, two-year-olds,»seiHng-i<^inrjridge 102.
Jessamine »6. Early. Hours 85, Just 5)9, Fulbert
03. Odd Ella-lfti: \u25a0*-;-. r;.ir '>' r: ; ' -
' xTiiird race, one mile, main coarse, the Ama
teur Cupr-Orly II 148. Tbe Huguenot 146. W.
B. Fa si K . 146, Arrah Gowan 146. Queene Belle
141,"* Probe ' 129. Upton \u25a0 146, » Marterman 143, ,
Consideration , 143. ;- _\u25a0 : :. •
Fourth ; race. . seven - furlongs, main - course.
Van Courtland handicap — Jacquin 112, Race
King 10!t. Oxford 1 107; Pasadene 106; Cairn
gorm 107, Gamara.lo2. Sparkling Star S3; L«o
nidas 9S. Amberjack 90. Katie Caltrey 00, Dia
mond Flush hi. .- • •"\u25a0 .'- .. \u25a0" rj-;
~ Fifth race. ; about two I miles. ." steeplechase'
handicap— lmperialist 156," ; Bonfire 147. Sand
hurst 147. --Rube 139. Declmo'l39, Cold Van 133/
Champs Elysees 13.3. - ..... . . ;<
•\u25a0 Sixth. race,- four and a half furlongs, straight,
maiden two-year-olds— All Pink 108, Commo
dore Fountain* 10S. Montanus 108, Calabogue
108," Optician - 108. Hammtravay 108, Pegasus
108, Barberloot 108. .Voorhees Utb, Margaret' An
gelo 105. Miss Point 105. Blue Mamie 105, In
quisitor .108.. : , \u25a0 '
Weather clear, track; fast.' '„
BELMONT PARK SELECTIONS.
. (By' the. New York Telegraph).
'. Ftrst"raee— Voladay, Jerry C, Rose
Bnb^. \u25a0"';\u25a0.;' .:•" -' : ~' \u25a0_"-;' . \. -:\u25a0
Second race— Jnnt, Jessamine, Cam
bridge. . \u25a0\u25a0'• :••\u25a0 \u25a0: •\u25a0' .•--,.\u25a0\u25a0
Third ruee—Orly 11, Queen Belle,
Consideration. • , ' ' .
'Fourth rare— Pasadena, • Gamara,
CairnKorm. • •\u25a0; 'U \t •
Fifth race— Ronnie Brook stable,
Sandhurst,' Rube. . '-.
Sixth race — Voorhees, Mlas Point,
Blue Mamie. v \u25a0 \u25a0
San l'rnncixco C. Portland 1.
I'ortlnnd 3, San Francisco 1.
Seattle 3, Oakland S.
Oakland 7, Seattle 3.
L<es Aosreleii 2. Taeoma 1 (wventecn
Inniiis*).
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
\* Special Dispatch to The Call. V
CONDITIONS FAYOKABLE
Is Replaced . by ;Mclntyre,
WlioDoes Well UntiMear
the End of the Game
AH Play in Good. Style and }
Outcome vis in Doubt Until •
the Last Point Is Made
STAMINA IS. A FACTOR;
Cliarles Sagehorn Outdis
tances All Marksmen on
Schuetzen Park Eange
Garvin Has the High
Sign on Every
Native.
o^e;eou^d^6e; jones
Brooklyn Handicap
;Tliursday; v "
CENTER PROVES
AN EASY WARK
Twenty-Five Thousand Spec
; tators ;'{ See v v tlie ' Home
Team Defeat Washington
Gardner and Long Defeat
Rolfe and Bnscn for
Handicap Doubles Honors
Errors Behind Dick
Williams Tell
ocid 1 ale.
Keerie's> Wild -Mint
Is the: Public
f Favorite. ,
CHICAGO PLAYS
CLEVER BALL
AFTER MORNING VICTORY, THE SEALS
ARE DEFEATED BY PORTLAND.
HORSES POINTED
FOR THE BELMONT
TENNIS TEAMS
IN FINAL GAME
R. A. SMYTH
LOS ANGELES TAKES 17-INNING GAME
SPORTS
PAGE
THE' SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, MONDAY; MAY -22, 1905/
11
RATIONAL TREATMjEWT
or
Stomach Diseases
\u25a0cans :
Discard Injurious Dru^s
USE
A Harmless Powerful Germicide
Endorsed fy Leading Physicians.
Send twenty-five cents- to pay postage
on Free- Trial Bottle. Sold by. leading
druggists.
NOT GENUINE WITHOUT MT SIGKATURC:
0 V" — -<i— c-e-J „ """~
61 0 PmrrcE ST.. New York.
w>rrrr ro« F«a Bootarron IUnawL TMATWPrr
qp p.^l .yy ;'
m I |g£J mSmi \u25a0 uyJ% ft iwS. V MS^itXiSM w BF3 JMS w"i'42 K^»9 nik^B 1
jjufl U SSa I \u25a0 MfiSa I i cJ^Bk I Rj 959 kQmS ifiriwl H^IB f
' ' Ha I K?l P^S k ran| I tj^gs BMgj^KS« 1 1 Kaj wffli Bfeiw K<>3 Hra I\u25a0\u25a0. MANILA, ;, May ; 21.— The k- Federal / party,
which c met; here \u25a0 to-dayiin'; annual; convention,!
adjourned . mifoout^ having i taken? any j definite
action. "V- 'jr -> \u25a0, V -,•"\u25a0:\u25a0 \u25a0?--•..•\u25a0;\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-,\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0-'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'" \u25a0\u25a0;<- : •;.'*'
\u25a0v: \u25a0\u25a0. -. :\u25a0;\u25a0'< \u25a0\u25a0'.- :'t ::\y* - : - \u25a0;-.•;*;. \u25a0*\u25a0.
;•, To 'wind % lip " \u25a0 "a." longrfdebauch,^ Fred
erick • Hoffman,*; a-'baker,? turned on";th«
gas iin ' his t room v at f; 1249 Wri Lombard
street yesterday .s. s V- His fearing
that something^ was *,wrong,\ opened? the
door. She quickly /summoned anVamf
bu la nee .* and \ the 1 , man , was s taken ito ? the
Central JEmergericy|HpspMfaLj\where> he
quickly frec'oycre'd. Hoffman s said the in^
tended' to try 'again ! to ' end; his • life". : >
.Attempts)'; Suicide \ by Gas.
Local railroad officers are interested -in
a fight now in progress between the traffic
forces of the. Southern' Pacific ; Company
arid the San Pedro. Los Angeles. and Salt
Lake Railroad. Although E. H. Harri
man is T the * head of i the ; former road and
holds a large ; Interest t In the new /route
from- Los . Angeles, . this fact, so far, has
not Interfered with the, row .between. the
officials of< the two ; lines. \u25a0£&M£&Sfgl%
« It has ; been . charged } by ; the representa
tives--of the: Salt . Lake ; road that the
Southern ' Pacific has not been promptly
delivering cars to I points ; reached by the
new; line. ; -The fact .is that the Salt Lake
officers strongly suspect -! that he , South
ern \u25a0 Pacific ; has \u25a0 had ' some hidden ' motive
in this much-complalned-of delay.
Recently, the i Salt "Lake folk complafned
to : 'F.r€ight'; Traffic: Manager.", William
Sproule and General Freight Agent G. W."
Luce," citing, an agreement *, previously. cn 7 "
tered into, between the two roads relative
to- the' ha'ndllng of cars. ; But instead of
getting a satisfactory reply; it. is said that
the : delay | In - the 'delivering of ' cars "at
junction .- pclnts became >_ more ; noticeable.
Then" the .Salt Lake "; people got mad and
decided to } come i to_.this \u25a0 city and - settle
the; matter.* brice: and for: all, 'with .the
representatives of j. the rival iroad.'. •;::
j This explains ,the arrival here yesterday
of General * Manager^ R. ,E. * Wells and
General Freight and -Passenger f Agent E.
W-V Gillett ;'of ; the i Salt \ Lake ; road. \ They
cam* \u25a0 north in . a private car. .arid wIU go
into conference with '\u25a0- the Southern ; Pa-^
RAILROAD FOLK
ARE TO PARLEY
• /\u25a0Because Lillian King,', 10 years of age.
divided -her ; smiles-^ equally.,-:; between
them, e Danny,' Shay, ',an^B-year-old, an^ 8-year-old , lad/
and \u25a0" Fritz \u0084' Hermann,: a ;' year "older,-, eri*-;
gaged in a set-to on : Larkin" street, near
the City " Hall, , yesterday. .. Both ' young-*
sters ; were ' badly « bruised Jwhen • Police-;
map i ßarry interrupted *< them" and \ took
them;to}the City Hall Station; 'jtt
:A While ; Sergeant \ Harter :; was : hesitate
ing ;whether;to*book;them'.f or,: violating
the j duel Wig; ordinance eor^toVsend; them
home - with the cj. recomriiendatiori '-,;.? that
they • be ; '\u25a0;.. spanked, ?^Frlts - .; whispered:
"Well, she ain't j your farirl.t anyhow!" ;;
: V' lnstantly Danny > Shay's «flst shot^ out
and [Young .' Hermann ? wen t: to ithe^flopr:
.This last blb-wr seemed* to throw/ a*' dam-,
per/j on;; Fri tz'A ardor, 2 for/* when- he ; was
dismissed-; he- made ? recorditime;: for ; ,hls
home." \u25a0 ; The -1 lassie '' : ln V Question^
till .the .victor • was; released.- ' Wheri|he
came ? out \he \u25a0 was Vfijlven>. the Vprlvilege
of escbrting her home^^whlch', he >e_emed
.to ; think cheap^ at I th.c price^-^a.' discolor
ed eye and. a bloody! nose."
Lillian Kiss.
Younc Danny Shay and . Frits Hermann
/ Engaa-e in Fierce Fight for ~-'.i
YOUTHFUL RIVALS .
; HOTLY " OVER 'GIRL'S ; SMILES
J The Pnrlty of \u25a0 Burnett's Vanilla; ls
never questioned' by, any-pure food commission.*
Milliner?- Sale.
Mlss_l.E. Connor will offer to the la
dies of. San Francisco her entire stock
of. trimmed Hats. .Toques, Bonnets, both
French and domestic, at half their reg
ular value. Saleibeginning Monday, 9
a. m., 128 Geary street." •
Baptists* '\u25a0 Nerv Sunday-School.
The Baptist denomination organized
a Sunday-school at JHaight ' and - Shra
der streets yesterday morning .in the
presence of a;, large 'assemblag-e of
.worshipers. Owing to the demand" of
'the denomination in 'the Panhandle
district,. it is also contemplated. In the
near future to "organize a church :in
the vicinity of the school. -The service
was under the direction of the Rev
Frank I* Norton, Miss Pearl Weisbrod
presiding, at: the piano. The service
opened with "the singing of the na
tional anthem/. "My Country, .'Tis •i of
Thee." G. W.^ Eraser,, superintendent
of the First : Baptist Church Sunday
echool, delivered -an "address. \u25a0 ln' r whlch
he told of the growth of. the -work and
the demand that the Baptist interests
,be pushed to the, front. . , :.
CARELESS CHIKXMAN RUNS DOWN PE
DESTRIAN. — Ah Chau; who owns a laundry at
Seventeenth and Howard streets wa« drlvinir
his. wafon- down Ninth street ' yesterday and
i when the horse took \u25a0 fright , did not make any
attempt to r.top it., H. C. Schultz was knocked
over by the wagon,' but his injuries were only
trivial. j v ... - . ,*.
Hanson Informed : the \ two policemen
that he and Paul Warner, a friend, had
been spending the night, at Tyrrell's
residence and it was after he left,
about 2 .; o'clock in. the morning, that
he was held up. "The police went to
Tyrrell's ' residence and after/! being
questioned 'Tyrrell; admitted" he 4 Jhad
taken the eyeglasses and police whistle
from" Hanson. • The; eyeglasses >were
found in his pocket. He saysit was
done for a Joke. - •- ' -.'
William Coffey, a cook, living at 1054
Howard street,, while \;walklng:along
Mission street . early ; yesterday r morn
ing was approached by -'. Joseph Kelly,
alias Liddy, who tasked -him 'for 10
cents. ' \u25a0', Coffey ;\u25a0; refused \u25a0?: and- Kelly
grabbed hold bf him' arid -attempted to* go
through -his 'pockets. " Kelly* ran away j
and was later . arrested fby
Hobl • and -booked at ' the ; City Prison^
on a charge of assault to commit rob-"
bery. • .'\u25a0..'.. \u0084-,, .• \u25a0 ; •.'.- -•• "\u25a0 >
John Tyrrell,; a sailor, living, at! 4
Moulton avenue, iwas "arrested early
yesterday morning by Policemen Timbs
and Wright on a 'charge '* of j robbery.
He is of /holding up George
Hanson of 3103 Buchanan street at
the crossing of that street and : Moul
tonTavenue and taking from him a;palr
of gold-rimmed eyeglasses and a police
whistle: : \u25a0 > , : * :
John . Tyrrell Arrested ' for Robbing
Gcorse Hanson of His Eyeglasses ,
and Police Whistle. v '
HELD UP BY MjiNf AT WHOSE '\u25a0' \u25a0';
. ' HOUSE -HE '-WAS - VISITING
. Try the United States 'Laundry.*; 1004
Market street." Telephone" South 420. " '•
ciflc officials to-day at the railroad build
ing.
It was reported last night that the firm
stand taken by the Salt Lake road In the
present quarrel has stirred up much ill
feeling, and the fact being conveyed to
E. H. Harriman he wired General Man
ager Bancroft of the Oregon Short Line,
who is also vice president. of the Salt
Lake road, to Immediately proceed to this
city and use his best efforts toward bring
about a peaceful settlement of the exist
ing differences. Bancroft is expected here
to-morrow. .
Dr. Oliver ;w. Stewart of Chicago,
who has. been in this State for the last
month lecturing under the, auspices of
the California Prohibition Committee,
addressed an enthusiastic meeting; last
night at the Grace Methodist Episcopal
Church on "What.; Is .the Right-Atti
tude for the. Government to Take
Toward Saloons?" Dr. Stewart, de
livered lectures before three audiences
yesterday. After, arriving in Berkeley
in the morning from Uklah, he" gave an
address there and in the afternoon ;he
addressed any audience In Alameda,
finally concluding at Grace Church. •
Mr. Stewart took up the question' of •
abolishing the saloons> He believed, the
Government should no "more, tolerate
them than it would tolerate a J ,thJef or
any other offender. He declared that
the Government could not, remedy the
evil by thefjevying of heavy licenses. This,
he said," was, nothing" more thanrecelv
lng.a bribe, to .allow the: people to do
what is wrong because they pay for it.
The only way to abolish the saloons, he
said, is for the Government to wipe out
distilleries "and prohibit the manufac
ture of liquors and intoxicants.
Dr. Oliver S. Stewart Asserts Uncle
Sam Should . Protect Citizens '
From Evils o*. Intoxicants.
SAYS .GOVERNMENT SHOULD
WIPE OUT DISTILLERIES
There 'has been some criticism .because
of the fact that the police at the Hall of
Justice- were not notified until over two
hours after the cracksman was seen at
work, although the; station is but two
blocks away and telephones could be had
at any hand. The burglar alarm system
with which Tthe office is equipped will
probably receive a knockout blow at the
hands of Postmaster Fisk when he makes
hip reoort . to the Government, on the
matter. When. the alarm was set off on
the vault In the cashier's room by the
postmasterias soon as he arrived at the
office the .'signal was ; received at the
alarm station. No effort, however, was
made to hasten I men to the scene. , The
excuse of the night manager is to the
effect that it was believed that the signal
was the result of a "break'*. and that on
the s occasion of an earthquake many
alarms come in. but. all are disregarded.
When the \ alarm : people were informed
that the place had been . robbed * they
seemed to awaken from their condition of
tranquillity .and ' about : Z . o-clock • in the
morning two of their agents hastened
to the ' nostoffice. .
The stamps that were stolen, accord
ing to the explanation of the stamp clerk,
were left out of the safe for the.purpose
of supplying, outside stations on early
morning calls. This,' Stoweir explains,
has been the custom on Saturday nights,
as the office does not, open until noon on
Sundays.
The safe "crackers undoubtedly entered
through the'window on the- Battery-street
side 'and; the question arises as to how
they accomplished this. 1 The window was
not forced and Stamp Clerk W. F. Stow ell
says It was i supposed to be always se
cured from the Insige by several nails.
These nails were" rtmoved and in this
circumstance is founded the theory of
an Inside accomplice, who took out the
nails.
William O'Connell frightened them off
The. door of the vault . In the cashier's
office is concealed by a wooden plate, to
which .Is ; attached the burglar alarm.
This plate has the appearance of a door
leading' 1 Into another room and the crimi
nals, groping about In a very faint light,
must -have mistaken, it for such.
LZG BROKEN IN FALU— A. J. Floyd, 530
Efldy street, was thrown from a buggy yester
day when his horse shied at a passing auto
mobile. The fall. broke his leg. He was treat
ed at tUe Emergency Hospital.
Take away from this city the homes in
which this newspaper is read and there
would remain a curious ! fragment and
ruin of a city— with a population poorer
per capita than that of any community
in the world. \u25a0
Turnet was taken to the Emergency
Hospital, where Dr. Hill found his in
juries to be superficial. He was later
removed to his residence, 702 Vallejo
street.
. Samuel Turnet was kicked by a vic
ipss horFe yesterday in Kelly's stable,
K29 Pine street. Turnet was trying to
harness the animal when it kicked him
•with great force, knocking him down.
The horse then tried to jump on the
fallen man. but the stablemen rushed
to the rescue.
Kicked by a. Vicious Horse.
. Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Dru«si6t£,sCc flask. RICHARDS & Cb..400 Clay*
The fact that . Lee Lung was alone
at the time supports; this theory. ; He
has several Chinese' working 'for- him
and- the explosion did not' occur, until
all of them had left tth* {premises* and
the proprietor remained alone in .the
place. -Lung, is very reticent about his
fraternal' affairs and does not -seem to
care, whether;- the. po*lice find, the guilty
parties 'or>not.t He s refuBes:"to H state
what tongs he . belongs to arid there' Is
every indication that he is attempting
to conceal ; something. .• *.'\u25a0-"•'\u25a0 \u25a0 "
Detective Matherson. .who .was \u0084 de
tailed by Captain of Detectives. Burnett
to ' investigate the explosion in Lee
Lung's laundry, on Central avenue, near
Grove-street,; it convinced that an at
tempt was made, to destroy I. the, life of
the proprietor , and that tong troubles
were responsible.' The detective says
that \u25a0 giant .powder and not -dynamite
was used and .that it was exploded from
the interior of the structure. "
Detective Believes Wash
house Explosion Result
•of Tong Troubles. '
THINKS THAT CHINESE |
v SOUGHT .LUNG'S LIFE
Memorial services were held yester
day for Mrs. B. F. Brown and child,
wife and daughter of Rev. E. F. Brown^
pastor of the First Methodist Episco
pal Church, this city. The Rev. Dr.
Larkin offered the prayer. Rev. C. M.
Warner read the Scripture lesson, and
Rev. J. H. N. Williams delivered the
address, which was a review of the'
life "of the good woman, who was
greatly beloved by the churches
served by her husband. The circum
stances attending", the death of Mrs.
Brown and her daughter were such
that suitable ' services could not be
held at .the time, the child dying of diph
theria an April 30 and the mother of the
same disease on May 2.
Hold Memorial Services.
Mrs. Mary Bessem, 37 Minna street,
reported to the police yesterday that
some one had entered her house by
the basement door and had stolen
clothing: and other articles of the
value of $17. Fred Fedderson, Forty
fourth avenue and X street, reported
\u25a0ftiat bis house had been entered, but
the only thing stolen was a blanket.
Manuel Staxssaich. . 389 Fifth street,
reported that a woman he had met
to the Francisco House on Turk street
had stolen his gold watch at Sixth and
Shipley streets.
Sneak Thieves at' Work.
. The police declare ..that thus , far they
have discovered : no clew to ; the* identity
of the saf e-. crartcerg"] who attempted : to
loot the postoffice • safe , and \who 'stole
$1400 Mn postage stamps late . Saturday
night. "The case,": however,'" may develop
into the 'and suspicions urc
entertained thatisome pergons .'connected
with the postal" serylce" were 'accomplices
In the crime. •. Detective* Cocy of the local
department- and.' the. secret service, oper
ators arc delvlng^iritor the mystery, "but
as yet no definite: report; has been. made.';
•It is almost certain. -that the thieves
visited the \ place ..with the . intention ; of
stealing over half, a million ! dollars ' that
was stored; in. a vaiilf .in the cashier's
office, immediately \ adjoining 'the stamp
department. /, In some manner .they be
came confused and' set their drill on th«
wrong strong box,"at;which they; were at
work when the" appearance of Watchman
.' The horse; was about to cross the'track
when \Rltchie first realized his_: danger.
He ; tried .' to urge [ the animal to ': clear,; the
tracks, , but ' it was too late. . The buggy
was ion the, track -, when motor: car V sos,
driven by Ritchie's ; schoolmate. \ Joseph
"VVhaley, crashed into the vehicle, ; demoU
ishing the. buggy to "splinters and hurling
the' occupant ( to the.: side of the' track.
His skull • and right- arm were fractured.
The- horse escaped: unhurt.
Motorman Whaley did -not see Ritchie
until the train was within 150 feet of the
crossing.: He threw - on- the emergency
brake! sounded the whistle- and: the bell,
but It was too late, to, avert the fatality.
Although the train, was composed of-s^v
eiv heavily: laden ' coaches^ going \u25a0 about
forty 'miles an' hour on a down 'grade, he
stopped thetrain -within- its; own length.
.Ritchie' in the j early \'9o's . was private
secretary to .J. *A. Fillmore. the general
manager of the Southern .Pacific Com
pany. -The 'deceased 'leaves? a widow.' The
family , home :is! in Sausallto. v Ritchie's
brother, whojs an engineer, ran the next
south-bound train after, the accident. : v
The road-- where g the" fatality;; oqcurred
Is the beginning "of a steep- grade,:;and
for ? a distanceVof fifty or: sixty feet.the
track is obscured by a clump. of; willows.
It is \u25a0 strange, however, that Ritchie's at
tention <?Tvas^ not '" called ; by the . noise -of
the rapidly approaching' train, which was
tooting its whistle, and clanging' the. bell.
1 Roma- K. Ritchie, -manager of. Madison
&;Burke'B renting department, was- killed
yesterday by a 'North -Shore electric train
at the road-crossing | half; ay mile • north
of Alto ; The- accident occurred at
in:,- the'afternoonr.while; he was driving
along the road in a buggy.:
On arriving in Honolulu Vlda will 'have
completely encircled the globe in pursuit
or' the fugitive, whom he finally captured
in London. Seven months j ago ' Kapea,
who was a clerk in the employ of the
Hawaiian Trust and Investment Com
pany of Honolulu,' was suspected of steal
ing, and while an in\%3i:gatidn of his
accounts was in ' progress he secreted
himself aboard a Pacific Mail, steamer
and escaped to the Orient. Thither he
v/as traced, but by the time Deputy Vida
reached there Kapea . had hurried off' to
another couhtry'and so the chase con
tinued until the capture S in : London. . In
Tokio it, was found that Ka pea 'had been
spending, money in ; a lavisti manner aiid
then he went to "Canton and : later to
Bombay. . .. .
From Bombay the fugitive slowly, made
his way to Naples, by way of the Suez
Canal, and from there he drifted to Paris,
where after, several weeks' enjoyment
on the money he had stolen he went to
London. AH .this time Deputy Sheriff
Vida, confident that he would eventually
land his man, v was rapidly creeping up
on Kapea's .trail. But in London the
officer lost the .trail, and finally started
back to '. this . country. Immediately on
his arrival in .New York the Scotland
Yard" men of London notified. the authori
ties in Honolulu that Kapea . had.' been
apprehended. Securing requisition' papers
in Washlncton, Vida returned to Lon
don and took his quarry in" charge.;
. While awaiting the arrival in London
of Vida, Kapea, who had been detained
in . the Brixton Prison, - expressed ajj de
sire to return to Honolulu and gladly wel
comed the coming of the Depufy. Sheriff.
The latter stated last nigat that he had
had no trouble with Kapea during their
journey from . London and was satisfied
that his prisoner would make no attempt
to escape before the trip over the Pacific
Ocean is completed. . Kapea refuses to
talk of his troubles, but his captor said
that the Honolulu, Trust Company reckons
that It is out nearly $20,000 by peculations
and carelessness of the unfalthf ul , clerk.
An apartment ,ln the Occidental Ho
tel has been /converted Into a temporary
prison and In custody there, awaiting
the I departure', of "the next Hawaiian
nt earner, Is Henry K. Kapea, who Is un
der Indictment In Honolulu for, the theft
of several thousand dollars' worth of
territorial bonds. The prisoner,. who Is
about 26 yearn of age and of gentle
manly appearance, was brought to San
Francisco yesterday by \ Deputy Sheriff
Henry C. Vlda of Honolulu, who regis
tered hiniself . and then quietly j smuff-
Bled Knpea upstairs, where they trill
be quartered until they, can leave for
the Islands. By his \u25a0\u25a0' drastic methods',
the deputy hopes to, avert complications
that might arise from habeas : corpus
uroceedln^rs. , . .
Failsjto Heed Soundings of
Whistle / aiid Ringing of
Bell -by the " Engineer
Money in Vault in Cashier's
Room Is Thought to! Have
Been Object ? 6f ; the - Crime
Henry K. Kapea. Faithless
Clerk. Must Now ; Answer
for Thefts From- Company
ARRESTED IN LONDON
DETECTIVES; ;%T WORK
SEES DANGER TOO LATE
Eoma K. Ritchie Is Killed
"Wile, Grossing tlie Nortli
Shore Road-, in a Buggy
Sensation May Develop From
Attempts to Loot Strong
Box in the , : Postoffice
Honolulu Officer Awaiting
Steamer With- Embezzler
He Chased Around World
SAFE CRACKERS
STILL AT LARGE
ELECTRIC TRAIN
TAKES A LIEE
HIDES PRISONER
IN OCCIDENTAL
THE: : SAN; /FRANGISCOrCALU MQNb^V^MAtv22;; 1905^
12
*' A babe in the house is a well-spring
of pleasure !'. if he is properly fed and:
wejl nourishedv then ; he is happy and i
" everybody' ia ij happy.'*/ \u25a0;*; ::"\u25a0 -'H*:-iH *:-i
Your baby will be healthy and happy
and a well-spring' of pleasure, if you
will give ; him ' Mellin's I Food.
Sample \u25a0 bottle sent free of charge.
MalUa'f. Food \u25a0 it th« 0V t T Ufaßto*
MELLIN'S FOOD CO n BOBTOK. MAW.'
OrCONNOR. MOFFATT @> CO.
Embroidered Linen India S2k Net,
WHITE EMBROIDERED LINEN WAISTS — Handsoraetv
embroidered front, pleated back "and tucked cuffs.' Latest cut
sleeves. Made of a fine quality Irish linen. C^ 7S F3Cll
Splendid value.. -- •• • «pu»
.WHITE INDIA SILK WAISTS— Made of, a fine heavy quality
lustrous India Silkl Front made of; twelve C 2*7 v F^f h
. rows of tucks, with pleated back ,V/. :/..... '**•*? *-«^«
NET WAISTS— In white and ecru. Made of a fine aualitv tall-
• over embroidered.net: trimmed with fine Venice lace inser-
tion and medallions. Latest cut sleeve,^with CA Art P*»r!l
I deep cuff. Lined with Ind:a Silk *»•»» WWD
PeLLicoabs
COLORED ALPACA PETTICOATS — Made of an iron frame
"v alpaca, with accordion pleated flounce and dust ruffle. Colors
brown, navy and gray. Regular value $3-75- C 2 fiA Fiffl
BLACK SILK PETTICOATS— Just received another iar^e sfc.*.>-
ment of our special anumber in Black Silk Petticoats. Su-
. perior quality, lustrous Taffeta, with deep accordion pleated
flounce. Two rows'ruching. These petticoats are made to
our. special order, and would be considered Ci CA TlnpU
good-value for 56.00. Price V^»3v LdlU
COLORED SILK PETTICOATS— Made of an extra heavy qual-
ity taffeta, with graduated accordion pleated flounce. Colors
navy, brown, light and dark green, tan and CZ A A r««L
;>;>; : ; changeable effects. Exceptional value at. .'..". Vw«UU LUvD
Suit Department
SURPLICE SILK SUITS — Tucked blouse, with silk eirdle:
..jacket lined in "silk and neatly trimmed with fancy braid;
skirt made- in a variety of styles. We have this line of
suits in Brays, blacks, greens, .blues and (>QA AA
\u25a0- gun metal shades. Special ;........ tpjmi\J»\J\J
Regular value, $27.50.
• TUXEDO CUT ETON EFFECT— With elbow sleeve, white
•. pique; piping, crushed silk girdle; jacket lined in silk; skirt
-side pleated, with ~:panel front. This line of suits is made
of an extra aualitv silk in blacks, browns HZ{\
andblues. Splendid value at .."... tp^2 4 iUU
, ALPACA AND MOHAIR SHIRT. WAIST SUITS— In blacks.
whites, blues, tans and greens. Being a sample line' and
' broken in sizes, we are closing them out GZ*? f\f\
, . Regular value. $12^0. . . "\u25a0>
\u25a0 _ . \u25a0 ...
iYIdKCS Ot . M jy jtf -A*
American; t* TT * BUS *f,o CN^i^^>4 ;
And «^V j4J|l!Wi J
coSSs 111 to 121 Post Street
Specials for Monday - Tuesday - Wednesday
Butter.2 Ib. square 45Coffee-Java 4 Mocha-lib, can .40
Fancy Crcamcry'-strictly full weight Highest grade coffee imported-2 lbs. -75
Sardines - boneless 25 Bacon - sliced... .....;......smi. .15
Arzano, reg'ly 30c large can Armour's, reg'ly lsc-30c.........ige" .25
Pineapple - grated, rtgly 25c \7h Olives -Ripe .....qt.jar .45 ;
rr • New lot just amved-very fine /
Crackers- AssL Wafers ..can .20 Castile Soap -Conti... bar .50
A. B. C-all but chocolate, reg. 25c Genuine Italian, reg'ly 65c .. . "
Macaroni - U FavoriU pkg. .12 J Mustard - French :.... „.... .15
Spaghetti-Vcrrnicelli-Letters and D. & G. Vatel, regMy 20cbot.
Numbtrs-reg'ly 15c Ib. pkg. FIQS - Smyrna-reg'ly 20c... Ib. -.15
Ammonia - Toua .....bot .25 1 " gg^ $i:80 - 12 Ib - box Ls °
Violet or Lavender, reg'ly 30c SagO - Tapioca ...6 lbs. .25
Finest quality, reg'ly 4 lbs. 25c
ChOCOlate -Unsweetened 32J Zwieback - Krietch's........ .Ib. .35
Baker's, reg'ly 40c Ib. Imported German sweetbread, reg. 45c
Silicon - reg'ly 3 for 25c 4 boxes .25 Cherries in Marasquin, Durand-bot. .45
SardelleS-Brabrant sml. .27* ] Use for cocktails, reg'ly 50c -.2 for .85-
Reg'ly 35c-osc can Ige. .55 SaUdrkraut - ireg.3 lbs. 25c-4 lbs. .25
CatSUp - Tomato 15 HamameliS - Witch Hazel Extract
G. B. & Co., reg'iy 20c pint \ \ ptS. ISC ptS. 25C qtS. .40
>\u25a0 , |W*|-_ff." HOUSEHOL.D IUBCTIimiU
Sleeve Iron- reg-iy soc .35 Cherry Pitter - reg-iy 65c 50
i For shirt waists and infant's clothes Just the right time to buy .
Shirt-waist Board - reg'iy 50c... .35_Laundry Goods -we can furnish you
Can be adjusted to any ironing table with everything necessary; Irons,- electric
\u0084.._. * " \u0084 or plain. Wringers, Curtain Frames, Tubf,
Wash Board - toy, reg'ly 20c 15 Wash Boards. Ironing Boards and many
For handkerchiefs and small pieces other requisites.
— mill 1 LIQUORS \u25a0WUIHjI
Claret -regTy soc gai 40 Benedictine- .ipmtbot. .50
Gamnteed to be part Zlnftndel wine A popuUr corm _ pint bot ,g 0
WhlSkey - Old Crow & HermiUge..qL 1.00 Reg'ly 65c-SI.IO-2.00......qt. bot. 1.75
Rej'rysas-$5.00 gal. 4.00 p . '
\u25a0 . ._ .„ i " __ rOrt - Cthfornla bot. .50
S °Swe?^?«? Ps?iolaP $?io la " P " 1>35 M^f St ° ck ' 2.00
Orange Curacao - reg. $lso bot 1.20 Whiskey - Scotch-D. c. L...... .„. 1.00
Marie. Brliard & Roger's Very Old Special, reg'ly $1.25 bot
BALtiIVI()RE
WILL' GENERALLY BE
FOUND WHERE GOOD
THINGS ABOUND. ON
KNOW THE BEST
LIKE THE BEST-
HAVE THE BEST
.- ," i .-> \u25a0\u25a0' / ' " -"' j \
"'\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 mUSZRT MERCANTILE Coli_ 4
Uft-14* Second St., 8»n Frand wo, Ckl. .
:,-,..it Telephone PriT»te SlS.- .
COMPA3TY.
GROCERS
US FOURTH ST. TEL. HOWARD 1086.
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday
SPECIALS.
18 lbs. Beat Granntatfd Sugar. ... .tI.OQ
S lb». Be»t Boiled Oats ... .V. 25c
Reg. 6 Ib 3 25c.
Salad Oil, quart bottle... i5 C
Reg. 20c \u25a0- \u25a0- \u25a0
Chicken Soup. can. ........... ...... ,5c
Reg. 10c.
%-sral. ran Pure Cane Syrup.... ...,35c
Reg. 30c. • .
Honey. Water White, c0mb........ ,10c
Reg. 15c. . - . .
Seeded Ralstna. Army and Xavy Brand.
- pnekasre ...........'.......... .... .Sc
Reg 3 for 25c. it \u25a0 :
i Morha and Java Coffee, 1b... .......25c
Reg. 35c (to Introduce lt>.
Ma»on Jar*, plut* 65ct quarts ... /. .. 70c
. Monday only. Jara have advanced In pries.
Freib Ranch Exsrm d05e5. ......... .20c
. Reg. 22Hc- •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0> - - >-\u25a0 --
Fancy Island Rice. 7 1ba. . ....... .«.25e
Reg Sc lb. -
Shredded Cocoannt. 1b ....'.......... 15e
Reg. 25c \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0- .
JMJsL I*/ compete with
SyC^jom»CL. cheap, hntrled
Jgc^HPj^ -»^» and unwllabl*
Quacks, but with
sfßßg StA ~"* only first - claas
/(Wft dR^ 1-—1 -— dentl«B. at lesa
S "*-»«. than half the
.; j^g/h • prlc«« charged by
"'£' Of Z \ I£%l thtm. EVERT
T *JT WV\ man a specialist
'. . - * * \u25a0/-.. and " graduate
PURE *GOLD aSJSr ° f "I •
CROTVNS $2.00 AND $5.00
VAN VROOM
1001 MARKET
-lyV 1 Cor. Sixth ;
m IM FYT
fc iJ w(^S»'* **~«»ij doll* swine
vrtnrtorr.
SEW HO3IR SEWING MACHI.VE CO.
\u25a0 1051 .Market ; Street.
"JUST UKC ; A PLEAS ANT HOME."
HEW RUSSHOUSE-- ig-
NEWMAN CO.. Props. .
Convenient to afl car: lines, places of amuse-
ment and prominent buildings. A hotel of.un*
esceued service. - " European. -(I per day , up- :
ward; American. , J2 per dar upward. --» Special
rat*« to fanUUes. Th« famous Rusa ala cart» :
dlcnera.\T.Vr.-~.rThe table Is mi. plied with prod-
ucts direct, ., from : Mr. . Newman's ranch. Mer-
cantil-- Lunch $7 per monta.
THE BAILEY WHALEBONE ROAD WACO.V.
This is the celebrated Bailey Whalebone Road
Wagon (the best built) and will cost you $225.00.
There are 400 of them in use in this' state to-day.
We carry in our stock of 2000 vehicles 50 varieties
of Runabouts and from $64.00 up.
Studebaker Bros. Co.
Of California
Market and 10th St. San Francisco
«. MM^ M^ M^^— — — *^— »^^— —————— B>^
jJ^ re^.,w^ m ,.^^-v^ J l^ r^l I; _ .fan,-.--. :
P S i^K^^'Q £1*1" If
Half Rate
Wm be sold to the following and other Eastern cities
and return by various routes on dates given below
CHICAGO ......:.. .....$ 73 . 5O
ST. LOUIS $67.50
I MEMPHIS .$67.50
T^AN<5A<5 rTTv *c ' °
•»*-r*i>lO/Vo til 1 ... .$50.00
j H June 13, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 30.
P Fo r * u^ l&formatlon, call upon or address ',
8 11 M 1 Wffi f^yvy\*@| "* D * SAITBORM 1 , General Aarcat,