\u25a0 Forecast m*4« at Baa Prandwso'for
thirty hours endtei midnijbt May SI:
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly
cloudy Wednesday; llsbt west "wind.
G. H. WILLSOIO
Local Forecaster.
THE LEATHER.
PRICE - FIVE I CENTS.
SAN MAY 31/1905.
VOLUME XCVII— NO. 184.
VICE! ADMiRAL* ROJESTVENSKY, THE DEFEATED COMMANDER OF THE BALTIC FLEET.
Continued on Pay* 2, Columa X
bears scars ot- battle.":; Her ' mlzzenmast
is' shot^ away •and' oneFof •{ her /smoke
stacks 'is pierced by A a' cannon* b'alL^ : ; But
the Grozny,* l . though engaged for. several
hours ; In a running | fight jat short range
with a lons • Japanese ; destroyer; shows
no \u25a0-. signs of Tthe i ftray. '.: After -. her com
mander, Captain • Andrlff ski. had -,- been
wounded and-'ah ofScer and "three men
had been' killed.', the Grozny succeeded
in sinking her opponent with a luckily
placed , shot-: arid reached \u25a0'*' Vladivostok
.without further adventure at 11 o'clock
this, morning 1 ./ v \u25a0{\u25a0\u25a0. ~\: '
i ; For 4 the " past two days Vladivostok
has been buzzing -with ' rumor' and. ex-
cltement The fact that a battle be
tween the rival fleets .was imminent. If
Rojestvensky ..was not already at death
grips with Togo, was made known
through telegrams from Europe, and
.when It was learned on' Monday 'morn-
BOSTON. May . 30.— The Beacon gar
age, an : , extensive establishment* oper
ated by A. R. Bangs on Brimmer street,
and James : Hewitt's carriage manufac
tory adjoining were damaged to .the
extent of 5150.000 to $200,000 by fire
to-day. Thlrty-flve automobiles wero
destroyed.
Antomoblies Go Up In Smoke.
BERLIN, -May . 30. — Inquiries - now
completed regarding ' the " extent ?of the
damage '\u25a0, "c&Ußfd ,by the recent cold
.weather to vineyards of the middle
Rhine region-show serious losses] ln the
bes^ districts. *' The vineyards present a
sorry spectacle. - Some; : famous :, vine- 1 "
yards '{, In locations 'like ' Johannlsberg;
Geisenhelm, v :;? Erbach \u25a0{ and v Hattenhei in
suffered ; partlcuLarly^; and - .will j hardly
produce anything like an average 1 crop/
Rhine Hcsscn also suffered severely. \u25a0"'..-\u25a0 .\u25a0.•'\u25a0'
Middle • Rhine - Region am a Result Will
\u25a0 •':.,.'• Produce but : a Poor. Crop
\u0084 ' This Season. • -
FAMOUS GERMAN VTVEYARDS
DAMAGED BY COLD : WEATHER
LONDON. MAy SO.-Olga Nethersole will
return to the United States in the autumn
of this year. Miss Nethersole has now
arranged with C. B. Dlllingham to direct
her tour In America. Under the terms of
' the contract signed to-day Miss Nether
«ole is to open in New York next October.
The play in which sue will make her
reappearance In New York Is to be "De
date" by M. Paul Servieu, which was a
great success at the Theatre Francals
in "Paris last season. An English adapta
tftjn has been made by W. L.
tyi eminent London critic and playwright.
DilJmgham has arranged with Miss Neth
c/Kole that, following her season In New
York, she will ippear In twelve of the
larger cities in the United States en
route to San Francisco.
legislature 1 accused
"by governor carter
*YIONOLULU, May 30. — Governor. Car
ter, in a message vetoing portions of
*th*e appropriation bill, has called at
tention to the fact that in a majority
of Instances the salaries of white em
ployes of tbe Government of the Ter
ritory were reduced while the.slaraies
ot the Hawaiian employes were In
creased. The House, before the final
adjournment of the Legislature, unani
mously passed a resolution regretting
that the, Governor had accused ' the
Legislature of drawing tbe color line,
uad declaring that It had not done so.
"E.. J. • Bonesteel died yesterday. S.
P. Thomas, American employe at Gor
gana, taken sick .with yellow fever on
the 25tbJ. Executive committee adopted
resolutions' to-day : providing ;' for ilie
paving, . of : the streets \ of { Panama Cii y
as I indispensable . to , sanitation of ; the
isthmus; also adopted, resolutions fixing
eight-hour ; 6Jay.: for.;. laborers and me
chanics,, commencing ; June 1." %
WASHINGTON, May 30.— The admin
istrative office, of -the -Isthmian Canal
Commission has received the -following*
cablegram 1 from Governor Magoon at
Panama:
Will ' Apply to the Laborers - and Me
chanics on the Isthmus Beginning;
' Next - Month.
EIGHT-HOUR DAY ADOPTED
Fosa THE CANAL EMPLOYES
Actress Will Visit San Fran
cisco in • a French
. Play.
. VLADIVOSTOK.' May ; 30. 4:30 p. m.—
Two \u25a0 ships ',- alone of ; Vice "Admiral. .Ro
jestvensky's powerful flotilla,' the swift
cruiser Almaz and the torpedo-boat, de-'
stroyer . Grozny, ; lie jat | here' to-"
day in the curving harbor of the" Golden
Horn, they /having : separated from; the
fleet in the early, stage of , the '.battle
which , began ; in . the Korean Straits on
Saturday, .: and .headed. In obedience to
orders, with' full: speed to : < Vladivostok.
Up to *> o'clock : this af ternoon\ no
other vessel J of the Baltic fleet
arrived , and \u25a0 the signal stations at As-,
kold ; and \ Rlmskykorsakoff islands re
ported none' in sight. • , •.
Officer* of .the Almaz and Grozny say
that both fleets j had already anstalned
terrible ?IoMe«V, When i'the ? Alma* /and
G rozny broke through the hostile [ line.
Of the Japanese, \ tiro battleships : had
gone down \ before their; eyes, . and two'
cruisers, their rsternjs- hlehi out .'of ftfce
.Water, »eenied ' g . ready, to .. plaoge boir
foremost ; to *. the bottom ; ; of 1 the^ sea. ;";
' The" Russian ; fleet,lthey say, was even
In a sadder .plight. :, Rojestyensky's flag
ship^, the Knlaz | Souvaroff ,X, K and I her sis
ter ship, .the! Borodino," andjthe cruisers
Oslabya andrUral were .utterly destroy-;
ed, and when : the fog; closed* down -and
hid ihe'scene "of : battle "from", sight ; of |
the? northward? speeding': ships' a sthlrd
great Russian* battleship,- the 'Alexander
lILy see_me'd* inV sore; distress,^ but^ limp-.
Ing \u25a0\u25a0 northward, f was " putting, up ja : val-'
lant fight against ;throngs i ooff f torpedo
boats.\and]still continuing .; her^attaeks"
on 2 the j cruisers >\ of sthe t '_ Island > empire."
.Torpedo-boats also were clinging; round
the other ships; of^theifleet Hkei angered
.wasps,'- separate a| flotillas STdaf tingr f< ln
again: and ; again to > launch 7, their ,w«a
pons.X:' ; ':, : t \u25a0•:;\u25a0\u25a0:':• \u25a0vV -•?\u25a0] ;. : J.y.'.! ,-• : '-' "'-^ \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0? ;
\». The Alma*, .which arrived at her ) aa
chorage her* - on .* Monday/; r evening,
OLGA NETHERSOLE.
COfflNG TO AMERICA
CHICAGO, May 30.— There was nothing
done on either side of the teamsters'
strike to-day, but active hostilities are
promised for to-morrow, and the chief
trouble Is expected to come in the lumber
district
In addition * to the lumber teamsters
Who are now out, there will, in all prob
ability, be a strike of all the men em
ployed by thirty-five sash and door fac
tories, as these concerns have announced
that to-morrow they will continue mak
ing deliveries to boycotted houses. Ap
plication has been made by them to the
officers of the Employers' Teaming Com
pany for 225 drivers, and these will be
sent Into the lumber district to-morrow, j
The number of union men who are'ex
pected to strike by noon to-morrow, is
about 206, and it is expected that the ex
tension of the strike will cause more riot
ing In that part of the city. The police
declare, however, that they are abund
antly able to handle the situation.
A break in the ranks of the Team Own
ers' Association occurred to-day. The
members of this organization', have
throughout the strike acted more with
the teamsters than they have as allies of
the Employers' Association, and have for
the greater part refused to make deliv
eries .to boycotted . bouses. The Weaver
Coal Company, \u25a0 one cf the largest con
cerns In the city, announced this after
noon that commencing to-morrow \it
would make deliveries of coal to all boy
cotted houses. The firm employs • fifty
drivers, and it is expected they will all
walk out in the morning. There were to
day several rumors of peace negotiations,
but none of them amounted to anything.
Spread, of the Walkout
Among Chicago Teamsters
Is Predicted for To-Day
NEW RECRUITS
FOR STRIKERS
' According to the latest' reports
from Vice Admiral Togo ; to 'his
Go vernment, -the \u25a0 Russian ships
sunk or ' , ; captured now {number
twenty-two;: while -full particulars
are not yetin; \u0084/rhe^aclmiral says
that none orchis: big fighting ships
were seriously damaged; ; /•,. | . r.-v
Vladivostok reports the arrival
there of : the protected {cruiser Al
maz'/..: and the . torpedo-boat de-.
stroyer Grbnzy. ; : The -officers ;;.; of:
the Almaz^say'they .witnessed the
\u25a0sinking-.-:"b?i.;. i t\vo.vJapanese-.-battleT
ships and •that'; two Japanesecruis
ers were listing ; badly and seemeid
about -to; -sink -when the rf ogv ob
scured theirH'iew of {the; battle. {
1 ;. accumulates tliat
Togo i utilized submarine boats in
trie battle, and that these vessels
sank several of the Russian iron
clads. An American builder of
submarines says v these vessels
were mahhed by Yankee 1 crews.
Submarine Boats Manned by;
American /Crews Partici
;pate in^Battle; *'
Later the' King, exchanged visits
•with President Loubet. To-night Lou
bet gave a gala dmner at the Elysee
Palace In honor of, his Majesty. In
the course of the dinner the King and
the President exchanged cordial toasts.
The Presidont gave expression to the
warm sympathy existing between the
two nations, saying that for the ful
fillment of the task before them it
Teas only necessary for the politicians
at Parisand Madrid to follow nature.
The countries were everywhere neigh
bor* and ought to *c friends, showing
confidence in each ot"her and mutually
supporting pacWc efforts. l.^.
In reply Alfonso' said that the re
ception given nim -showed the perfect
accord existing between France and
Spain, which would serve to strengthen
the bonds uniting the -two countries.
Another incident occurred in the
Avenue Dubois de Boulogne, when an
Individual shouted, "Long • live an
archy!'* A squad of police immediately
pounced on the man and carried him
off \u25a0without confusion.
PARIS, May" 20.— The Petit Parisian
says that .whil e , King . Alfonso _and
President Loubet were driving along
the. AVcaue Dv bo Is de Boalogae to-day
a spectator burst through the line of
pollcej dodged the horses of the es
cort and brandished a dagger in the
face of the King, shouting "Down with
the inquisitors; long "live the work
ers." The : police succeeded in seizing
him, and at the police station he
eaid his name was Auguste Garnery.
He is 3S years of age. a jeweler's work
man and secretary of the Jewel Work
ers' Federation. Garnery has previously
had trouble with the police on ac
count of his revolutionary opinions.
The drive through the Avenue Du
bois de Boulogne, and the Champs
Elysse presented a brilliant spectacle.
Double lines of troops were stretched
from end to end of the avenues hold-
Ing back the cheering crowd. The
King graciously acknowledged the
ovation by waving his hand in a boy
ish manner. Everywhere the street
decorations were strikingly beauti
ful, with red and yellow flowers and
fiags symbolizing the colors of Spain.
! Loomis further explains that A. ! F. Jau
rett, then editor of the Venezuela Her
ald) and : semi-of ficlally attached to the
American legation, 1 was about to make a
loan to Mercado, but lacked $5000 of the
amount ! desired. Loomis ; lent him that
sum. He accepted as security from Jau
rett *a portion of the Mercado claim.'
.When Loomis af terwird .desired \u25a0 to
leave Venezuela for his annual vacation,
he sought to collect the money he had
loaned, and wrote. Russell the letter which
now figures in the .case.
CAI.L. BUREAU,: . POST -BUILDING;
WASHINGTON, ; May 3p.^Secre'tary Taft
returned to Washington this; morning and
resumed the \ investigation -of .the • charges
against the \u25a0\u25a0. official; integrity} of '\u25a0Assistant-
Secretary of • J State < •Loomis.' 7 " One 'of: the
most important' documentß. considered ; by
Taf t ; was ;, a ; : letter, written by Loomis. to
: W. W." B.usseli,, who: was .then secretary
of l the American Legation in Caracas.
\u25a0 This letter was found in the legation
by Bowen, when he:, succeeded . Loomis
there. It " was addressed . to "My Dear
Mr. Russeli,'/' and read: ."Regarding the
Malvlno Mercado claim that I- bought,
you may tell the - Venezuelan authorities
that I am willing to dispose of It for one
half of its-face value. Of this I want 30
per cent In cash and the rest in salt
bonds at eighty.. These bonds are now
quoted at eighty-six." _
Loomis has entered a detailed expla
nation of this letter, which, he says, was
in a box in the safe in the legation,
which • Bowen opened, keeping the \ con
tents to use \ against him. Loomis ex
plains that the Govenynent of Spain sev
eral .years ago sold to Venezuela a tor
pedo boat' for 400,000 oolivars, and Vene
zuela ' gave ;as security for payment
1,000,000 bolivars' worth of Venezuela salt
bonds at par. When the 400.000 bolivars
had- been paid. for, the boat, according to
Loomis, it was decided, with the approval
of the State- Department in Washington,
that, the surplus of the 1,000,000 bolivars'
worth of salt bonds should , be handed
over to the American Minister in Caracas
and that he .'should pay with them cer
tain claims : against Venezuela which had
been adjudicated. : :
Loomis says this was done, and, that
160,000 bolivars in. salt bonds were i.-p'aid to
one Mercado, a promoter In .Venezuela;
that 60,000 bolivars in- salt bonds were
paid to the German railroad : ; for a sim
ilarly adjudicated claim: and that other
minor claims, were, satisfied. This was
simply a transaction for Venezuela by the
American Minister. ."".'I
Brown has : been assigned by the Can
adian Pacific the task of : securing the
return of the securities. • It is understood
that he is empowered to promise that
Miner will not be prosecuted if the se
curities are given up. .
It has just developed that • valuable se^
curities. vsrorth^ between $75,000 and' $100,
000; werie: secured by the' men who looted'
the Canadian Pacific express at Mission
Junction, 'thirty 'miles north of here, 'last
September." Ever -since' the robbery oc
curred the, Canadian Pacific has had .a
detective in this city watching for the
appearance of Miner, who is believed to
have been one of the Wndits. From the
description obtained of the . leader of ! the
three men who held up the train the of
ficers are satisfied beyond -question that
Miner led the gang. - 1
The detective who has been stationed
here " to watdh for Miner's return to this
section, where he has relatives, was in
the San Quentin (Cal.) prison when Miner
was there. He was in for smuggling and
had served a term at McNeils Island for
a similar offense. \u25a0 During his \u25a0 term the
smugglers became well- acquainted .with
Miner and it- was for this reason that he
was selected for the task of locating the
bandit. V- ••?'-":•
BELLINGHAM. Wash.. May 30.—Will
lam Miner, a noted bandit and alleged
train robber, has been caiight by his for
mer cellmate in .San '\u25a0\u25a0 Quentin prison; who
now,, as. a ' passes under- the
nameofßrown. " :. ; ''.''• '•\u25a0•'/.':\u25a0 \u25a0'' — ».- •-'*'\u25a0;\u25a0'- : >-
Special Dispatch to The \u25a0• Call.
Eoedal Dispatch to The Call.
Upeclal Cable to The Call and New York Her
cld. Coryrlshi, IUCS, by the New York Hef
° »'.i Puiil-iLw Company. : :\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0'.\u25a0
People in .General Cheer the
Spanish Ruler on the
; •'\u25a0 ' Steefet . * *
Corporation Entrusts Former
Smuggler With Task of
{ 0 Recovering Booty.
Assistant Secretary Asserts
the Transaction Was a
\u25a0\u25a0\:'-y''''^gt\\ar : One; \u25a0
Cruiser and a D^
stroprPiit Into
. Yladrjosto'k. v;
Saw ; :Two^ iapan^se ..
Battleships Sink.'
Novel Means Adopted
by Railroad Company
to Capture Outlaw.
Revolutionistßushes at
His Carriage on
the Avenue. •
In It He Speaks About
a Personal Claim
in Venezuela.
Only Two Slav
Ships Reach
Saie&rl
Letter Brought JJp
Against the
Diplomat.
Trails Bandit, Who
Had Once Been
Cellmate.
DISASTER
TO FLEET
COMPLETE
Dagger Brandished
in Face of the
Young King.
ALFONSO
ATTACKED
IN PARIS
STILL MORE
FOR LOOMIS
TO EXPLAIN
EX-CONVICT
A SUCCESS
AS SLEUTH
F/h? Admiral Rojestvensky is a Japanese prisoner. When his flagship, the Kniaz Souvaroff, went down he was swe^ into ithe sea. A Russian torpedo-boat destroyer rescued
htm, but was run down and captured by a Japanese vessel. The jfact that Rojestvens^/had been rescued from the sea, gave rise to the report that he had escaped to Vladivostok.
ROJETVENSKY CAPTURED ABOARD A DESTROYER
AFTER HIS RESCUE FROM DEATH BY DROWNING.
JLLCAZAR— \u25a0TtmuaH'* F*T<fci«r.~
. CALIFORNIA— "Toe Coantry Gtrt."
CENTRAX— "Why H« Divorced Her.-
CHUTES— VanderHle.
COLUMBIA— 'The Duka of , KSUJ
cranile." ; • . *
GRAND— "Tti« Holy City." v^h™^
MAJESTIC— "MIzpah."
\ ORl'HEL'M— Vaudeville. •»«•»»*»>«
TTVOLI — Comic Opera.
\u25a0WEBER'S MUSIC HALL— ,~Jflsa
\ Frisky From' Fresno."
The San Francisco Call.
The Gflfc M&S&LiWote News Than Aiy Other FmoMSmio\ in San Francisco
THE 'I'HE!ATUI»g-STEAM SCALDS "Foilß MEN
ON LENA AND ONE DIES
' DENVER, . . May ! 30.— Although Mrs.
Marguerite ' Cody; % the aunt^of ' 'Buffalo
Bill, died . In a : room' that . supplied many
evidences of ; poverty and ? lately ' had'ped
dled pans | and \ trinkets to 'earn" money, ' a
rumor, is current that she left : a fortune.
At j one : time | Mrs.\. Cody ; was i worth \ $200,
000. u While it is known' that she lost large
sums in , urif ortunate Invjijtments, . many
of her 7-t rtends iibelieyeUhat % she 'Bayed -_ a
modest fortune , f rbin the .wreck. \u25a0 . She told
friends recently "that she would' leayV'a
f6rtUne.V r '!!."?*' "7* : ,' V; \u25a0•\u25a0-•v •*\u25a0•'\u25a0":• " : '/T-'" ;
I Mrs."^ Cody had \u25a0 as prenipnitlon of death,
iforjshersaw.a.prlest.'.'gave him .articles of
jewelry«.wiich ; she T had "saved ' for j years,
and - had | hini ~ administer 1 the '\u25a0_ sacranient
on' Sunday.' J ; Sunday night : she' died' alone
Special Dispatch to Th» CalL
Left by Buffalo Billys
Aunt.
Stroke ot Paralysis Makes Him De
spondent and He Blows Out
HI» Brains. s - '
SAN BERNARDINO. May 30.—
Thomas W. Wilson, bookkeeper for the
Redlands Review, committed suicide by
shooting himself through the head
with a ; revolver. In his room at Red
lands thUi morning.'- The report of the
revolver\ras heard by ..other inmates
of the house, but no importance was
attached to v lt' until Wilson failed to
come to breakfast when his room was
entered and he was' found dead.
Wilson suffered a slight stroke of
paralysis last night and be became
despondent. He came from Burling
ton, lowa, and leaves a widow and two
children.
EEPUTED POOE EUT • >
MAY HAVE BEEN EICH
\u25a0 BOOKKEEPKII FOR NEWSPAPER
SHOOTS HIMSELF IN HEAD
Hospital i Ship v Orel , Spared.
I ST. PETERSBURG, , May 30.-rThe
Russian hospital, ship, Orel, which was
with Admiral Rpjestvensky's fleet, has
arrived at Vladivostok. ' :: '.' :
Dr. Jordan Praliei the Honeity of
! 1 . -':' ; Nippon's. People. '. ; ' ....
j CHICAGO, May 3brr-"Graft la a thing'
entirely uhKtiown in Jayan,'\Bald David
Starr,* Jordan, president^ of Leland
Stanford "University, . lasT; night ad
dressing one of. the meetlngs"prelimi
\u25a0 nary, to the regulai\sesslons of the con
gress of , religions. " ' , \u25a0
•\u0084 "I venture to say," . continued Dr.
Jordan, "that in the present .war not
. $100." of . Japanese war, funds ' has ; been
stolen. On the 'other hand. I :presume
that not one dollar In twenty, if pne'in
a hundred, on' thelside of the Russians
ever reached j its | proper destination, v; I
heard of only, one 'dishonest; 'Japanese
while ! iii the country,'- and .he rwas one
whose "morals had been . contaminated
by s residence abroad." \u0084 . ... . .
Dr. Jordan's ' lecture\was ; largely
upon shintoism, the N chJff *in
Japan, "which"," he said, .was' nof ancestor
; worship," but the: spirit: of ' Uyingr. so
that 'the; ancestors^"/ would' .not be
ashamed, of 'their descendants.
Loving Cup for ; Admira l'_ Togo.
NEW YORK, May v 3O.7— A :gift, ; proh
ably in the form .of a 4a 4 silver ; and "gold
loving ; cup, will . be . sent Admiral -Togo
within <a : few days -by A the ;\u25a0 Japanese
residents : ; of this city. This t has been
decided 1 ; on /; at a meeting >- of ; the 5 ad
miral's! countrymen .held^ in connection
with; the ; propos'ed>*plan tfor • a \u25a0', big ipele-j
bration of , the sea victory," to take place
some" night this j week. : Carnegie -Hall
probably vwill lie t chosen for the" meet
ing. \u25a0'. :\u25a0\u25a0;:";;\u25a0 r >-.:; '\u25a0 , ; ;'.' \ ;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'.->; 1- ; -y;--:'?:y^-'l
craft; junknown; in japan.
Decisive Engagement.
Did Not Believe Togo Would Risk a
-NEW YORK,. May 30— Reax Admiral
C. H.: Davis of the United States navy,
speaking/ of the Russian naval defea*.
said: >~'-i '}" '\u25a0'. \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0---
"I consider Admiral Rojestvensky's
action iin ' forcing the Kojrean Straits a
very daring and hazardous undertak
ing, for It placed him in Togo's .bands.
My opinion was '(and this opinion was
shared by other naval officers, includ
ing Captain Mahan) that |here would
be •; no engagement and .that the .Rus
sians would be allowed to get to Vlad
ivostok. I did not think the Japanese
would 'risk an engagement ! on which
depended their all. >;d
Heavy Lous of Life on the Repair Ship
Kamchatka.
TOKIO, May. SO. — A warrant officer of
the- Russian repair ship Kamchatka,
who landed at Moji. says:
"Our fleet entered the Straits of Ko
rea numbering thirty-six vessels. The
Kamchatka received several shots and
was partly \u25a0 disabled. " Finally a shot
struck a vital part and sixty men en
tered 1 boats. When they were nearly
clear a great explosion occurred and
the ship sank. The captain and" seven
other officers were killed during the
battle. Two 'officers were wounded and
two Jumped overboard. Three other of
ficers were drowned.
"We could see our battleships to. the
northward, enveloped by the Japanese.
Seemingly- they were badly damaged."
ADMIRAL DAVIS SURPRISE D.
EIGHT OFFICERS KILLED.
No confirmation of | the foregoing has
come from Vladivostok, which was yes
terday in i direct I communication .with
the outside world and from which a
mass of | hews bearing upon the naval
battle was received, m
LONDON, May 31.— The Tokio corre
spondent -of .the Dally Express reports
that the cralaer Gromobol of the Vlad
ivostok squadron, with nearly 800 men
on board, Issued from Vladivostok la
the hope of Joining the remnant of
Rojestvensky '» fleet and that It struck
a Japanese .mine and sank with all
hands." •/"^'^\u25a0\u25a0^•''.•^\u25a0'\u25a0-\u25a0'"r"'
'The correxpondent says It Is be
lieved that Vice Admiral Skryaloff was
on board the ' Gromobol.
Disaster to'Vlaii^
vostok Vessel
tMm JLi JL JU \jr Cab. V^ vLB
Cruiser Almas the Only Slav Warship
Left in Far East.
I ST. PETERSBURG, May 31* 4:25 a. m.—
The Russian Admiralty is literally stupe
fled at the extent of the disaster suffered
by Vice Admiral Rojestvensky's fleet and
Its own advices paint the situation in even
worse colors than the Tokio dispatches.
The absentfe of news about the battle
ship Navarin and j the cruisers [ Oleg ahd (
Aurora, which are the only fighting, ships'
of any value not enumerated in the Jap
anese lists of destroyed qr captured,"' and
which up to 4:30; o'clock 'yesterday aft
ernobh had not reached Vladivostok, ren
ders almost idle any! hope that they. were
able to 'shake off the pursuing' Japanese
cruisers : and reached the shelter of tlie
fortress at .Golden 5 Horn. • , j
The officers of the Almaz dispute Ad
miral Togo's claim of victory, with prac
tically no loss, and declare that they saw
two battleships go down before their
eyes, while two cruisers were on the point
of foundering when they last "distin
guished thebattling fleets;#but they ad
mit that fog and' the distance of ,'thelr )
ships from the scene of battle made the
view difficult. \u25a0\u25a0:;-\u25a0, •\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0
Russia has agreed to disarm and Intern
the big fleet of colliers and transports
sent to thte Chinese coast when Rojest
vensky determined to try to - force . the
Straitsof Koreal
The press is Informed that the unpub
lished portion of* the' official -dispatch, the
contents of which were sent by a' wireless
dispatch to Vladivostok before the arrival
of the cruiser Almaz there, says thaf the
Kniaz Souvaroff was blown up by a" sub
marine > boats.' Captain Chagin gives the
number of Japanese torpedo-boats partic
ipating in the attack as eighty. /
RUSSIAN ADMIRALTY STUNNED.
REPORTED
SINKING OF
GROMBOI
editors of ; the Liberal papers here, be
ing conversant" with the contents of
tho Toklo'dispatches, warn Oeir read
ers' in a roundabout fashion against
harboring false hopes based upon dis
patches which appear «n their news
columns. The Bourse Oaxette quito
openly declares if; wouM be a sin to
conceal the fact that aIKK6TS4>Sf Rustfla
(Obtaining "the mastery 'Of l the sosa has
vanished, adding: -,---;. - ::\u25a0. /.iv?
i '.'The significance of the collapso 'of
this hope is self-evident." - \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0' •-'
I . The *; No voejj Vremya "' and ' the Russ, j
while .admitting- that the face of. the
Far East has been determined." decline
to^accept the Japanese reports. Their
editorials, however, breathe a :one of
unalterable sadness. -'\u0084 ?" %--^ I T- \u25a0" - .»
The defense jof the railway is so
complete that It practically amounts to
a blockhouse system.
The foreign naval attaches -have
been excluded from Vladivostok, by or
der of the Government.
CHEFL, May SO*-— Advtces received
luto from Mukden «lio»v <hai the scrrat
uainl li:i(tlf> Is to be followed at once
by a limd ensaeement* ivhlch iirobably
<r»iU prove »i» decisive an the rombnt
of the tlceto. Field ."Uar-cini Maratrt<|
Oj-jiiuji, |tromi»tly on rrcerpt of official
Brm of the victory of Tonpo, yesterday
Itcgnn Hie concentration, 'of men and
crun» for an attack u;«tm Ijinevttclt.
AcvtN of the opening <>f the bottle l»
expected boarlr, dlthouKh the «1o^r»
but -sure methods «»f tbe. "Japanese <•««»
»;an<ler may delay the. attack for sev
eral days. °
HEADQUARTERS *OF THE RUS
SIAN, ARMY, Godzjuflani, Manchuria,
May SO. — The army v .is awaiting with
intense expectancy "jvpws of the out
come of the naval battle, which, it is
realized, will be' the signal for the
opening of .a land <-«mbjit. Everything
indicates that the Japanese are. ready
to strike a blow ajid are. only waiting
in case the issue at sea is. decided un
favorably to them. Following their
former tactic?, the* Japanese are mass-,
ins heavy artillery in their center, in'
order-to liberate a ruain striking force
for action on tJie flanks.
A brisk sou/hwest wind is rapidly
drying the roruls, but the barometer is
v<ery fow. .
Alarmed at General . Mistchenko's
raid, the Japanese are hastily fortlfy
inp Sinminftn.
GUNSHU PASS. Manchuria. Monday.
3>lay 29.—^lie principal activity of the
Japanese cavalry, which is unusually
bold. * is. now sustained by General
Misteheniko on the west, but the army
appears to be disappointed in Its ex
peetaUcms of a large movement from
Fakomioi.
Tlie 'border warfare along the fron
tiers *.t Mongolia is adventurous and
dange}:r)us in the extreme.
'\u25a0 GUIsJ^KU PASS, Manchuria, May 27.
The rpins which began three days ago
have ceased. General skirmishing has
been continuous for the past fortnight.
Arjfcving troops, on leaving the train,
liud themselves in a sea of mud.
The country in the immediate rear
nt the Russian army wears the same
aspect as did the rear of the eld po
sitions which the Russians occupied In
the south, being denuded of forage.
of the Chinese fled from their
house? and wherever the troops camp
ed these houses were torn down for
firewood.
• Interest in the attitude of the Mon
gols continues. It is asserted that a
state of rebellion exists against the
local Prince ruling the Eastern tribes.
A few native traders with goods are
arriving at the interior cities from Sin
ro'ntin. but the only remaining trade
route for Northern Manchuria since
the loss of Slnmintin to the Russians is
by way of Kiachta. over which traders
ere already active.
\u25a0DECI34.T MAY HASTEV REFORM.
i Czar Mnst Take Action to Relieve the
Internal Situation.
ST. PETERSBURG. May 30.— The
committee of Ministers to-day com
menced the consideration of the plan
for the constitution of the National As
sembly as formulated by the Bouligin
rescript commission, and it is possible
that if the news of* the Russian naval
disaster reacts seriously on the temper
of ihe people that there may be an at
tempt to relieve the situation by an
early announcement on this subject.
SHANGHAI, May 30.— The report
that a Russian cruiser has arrived at
Wusung Is -incorrect. The Russian
transport Korea arrived there this
morning, apparently from the Straits
of Korea, with a big shot hole in her
side and her boats shot away. The Rus
sian sea boat Swer has already arrived
at Wusung from Jibutil, French Soraal
lland.
\o RtxHslan Cruiser nt Wununp:.
"Does that pk>ase you, madam?" salt
v .he doomed noble civilly.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 30.— 1n a
dispatch from Vladivostok,, giving tlje
Emperor the, first "Russian- version of
the battle, much credit for! the victory
is given the mosquito craft of Togo's
fleet. / In fact, it is said that the tor
pedo attack alone was responsible for.
tl^e sinking or disabling of. all of Rear
Admiral Rojestvensky's squadron; T<>
go sent a swarm of torpedo boats
against Nebogatoff. Numbers of them
were sunk, but the attacks were con
tinued and by- sheer, force of numbers
some of the small vessels succeeded
in reaching tho Russian ships and dis
charging, their torpedoes, in the face
of a- murderous fire, from the Russian
rapid fire guns. , ...
' While (this combat was raging, the
main squadron, commanded by Ad-;
miral'. Rojestvensky, f was attacked by
Admiral Togo and lost two ships. The
others-, broke through. Rojestvensky,
it is reported, then sent his fast light
cruisers ahead, the heavier I fighting
ships -remaining' behind. They were at
tacked by Vice Admiral Kamimura.
, ; TheYnrst- definite news from Russian
sources of; the naval battle fought in
the 'Straits of Korea came from Cap
tain". Chagin of the' cruiser Almaz, who
has".a;rrived at Vladivostok. He tele
graphed to the Emperor that he had
wltfiessed the sinking of the battli-'
sfaip.Khiaz Souvaroff and reported that
Admiral Rojestvensky was , wounded. 1
Captain Chagin saw Rojestvenskjy lowr t
iered on board the torpedo boat.deptroy
erjßulny and said the admiral pre
sumably was save*.' The Buiny, how
everj Ihad not reached ' Vladivostok
when '' Captain Chagin. sent his tele-:
gram and -her^ whereabouts was not
jltnown. r rf^'^*y: \u25a0*' '
pTOGO^^TACTICAL ADVANTAGES <
.;., Whatever "other information was con-
talnedin Captain Chagin's telegram was
withheld and no details are known except:
those contained in the. foreign dispatches!
Irbm which the naval officers have been;
able; to reconstruct a fair idea of the long
and. bloody sea fight. They figure that
Admiral Togro, with his main squadron,
must have lain somewhere off the coast
of Korea, while Admirals Kamimura and
Urlu held their sQuadrons farther north
to head off the Russian vessels which
might go through. and to bar the en
trance to the Straits of Tsugaru In case
the Russians should be reported moving
up the east coast of Japan. When Togo's
scouts reported that Admiral Rojestven
sky was heading for the eastern channel
of the Straits of Korea the Japanese ad
miral steamed around the northern part
of the Tsu Islands and came upon the
Russians steaming in double column with
the cruisers to port. Togo enjoyed the
great advantage of tactical position when
he opened fire, having the lightest of the
Russian ships between him and Rojes.t
vensky's heavier vessels, thus smothering
the fire of the latter. \u2666 Besides, Togo was
able to use air his broadsiders, "whereas
the sternmost ships of the Russian col
umns, coming on line-ahead formation,
could probably only with difficulty use
any guns at all.
Nevertheless, although suffering the
complete loss of four ships in the des
perate encounter which followed and be
ing subjected to a series of torpedo at
tacks on Saturday night, Rojestvensky
was able to steam 200 miles during the
night. ; ; ; \u25a0-.
When Sunday morning came the Rus
sian fleet was divided into two divisions.
The faster and stronger division, under
Rojestvensky, was met by Kamlmura and'
Urlu, while the slower division, under.
Nebogatoff, renewed the fight with "Togo.
With some of the scattered Russian units
it was a case of "save himself who cani"
CniPPLED SHIPS BROUGHT TO BAY.
In the running fight yesterday the Jap-!
anese enjoyed the advantage of superior
speed, enabling them' to concentrate their,
fire and bring every crippled Russian ship
to bay. Admiral Nebogatott's~ 7 battered
remnant surrendered off Llancourt rocks,
while Rojestvensky, \ with* the best •* rp
malning battleships, fought ! on for the
honor of the Russian navy.' :
The Admiralty learned with a sense of
relief that the flagship Kniaz; Spuyaroff \
sank under the foot of the Russian corn
maridef-inrchlef. The : surrender of Ne
;bbgatofrs ; two battleships/ even .''though
the' circumstances are not yet known, is
regarded as a disgrace. The ships still,
.unaccounted for here are the battleship;
Navarin and the protected cruisers Oleg,'
Aurora and Izumrud, all fast vessels.
:. The' sceneß of grief witnessed at the
'Admiralty yesterday were repeated in' an
; increased measure to-day. Wives, moth-,
era and sisters, many of them already in
: the {deepest mourning 'for other "\u25a0\u25a0 losses;
fctreamed through the Admiralty • corrl-j
dors/ sending in written : requests for .in
formation' regardingi the fate of ' particu
lar ships. .One" and all were^ informed
that the Admiralty had not details, " but
attempts were made: to reassure, those
Iwhose relatives were on the ships not.re
ported sunk by the Japanese' ' :
. On the streets passers-by gathered be
fore the bulletin boards to peruse the dis
patches,;: but "; they^ learned ; little, 1 : as the
Government .- still refuses '\ to permit .the
publication :of - the - Tokio ; dispatches -giv
ing the names of the ships lost and other
details of -the r battled .though | autHorizirig
Togo's announcement of the defeat of the
Russian • fleet; to ' prepare the public for
.fuller news. ' >/'"*.• .- ;: ~i-. :•"\u25a0\u25a0• ""\u25a0 ~ :
'\u25a0'\u25a0 POPULACE KEPT ;: W^IG^RAKCE. ; .:.
So far as the : newspapers ; are '. conz
cerned, , the \u25a0 public : might ? believe] -Vice
Admiral \u25a0. Rojestvensky. had * achieved ,'a
victory. The !^censor_ :\u25a0 passed^; all tbe'
vague rumors'favor'able' , to £the Rus-'
sians,- but blue'penciledf eyerything.iin
dicating: a Russian [disaster.: While, the i
disastrous news spread: like; wildfire V oy
word of mouth i and 'was i QuicJkly/, tele-^
graphed privately^to} the 'big- centers j by, ',
the antirOoyernm«ait<leadera, the coun-t'
said to be v still in ;*a state! of
ignorance as to wliat has occurred. The
Rojestyensky's Shattered
Fleet Figlats Way Two
Hundred Miles Before
It Is Finally Dispersed
HOPES TO CRUSH
RUSSIAN FORCES
\u25a0 - — .-.. + — . — — ,
FkM Marshal Masses Artil
lery and Concentrates. Men
for Flank' Movements
'' A gainst the Muscovites
c Special Dltpaui to The Call.
NUMBERS OF THESE
CEAFT SACRIFICED
Qyama Prepares to At
tack Liiievitch as Soon
as tlie News of Togo's
Victory 11 caches Him
Togo's ; Victory Credited to
tlie Effective Operations
of a Swarm of Torpedo
Boats and, Destroyers
ing that a Russian cruiser, had been
sighted off Askold Island, headed 'for
the harbor, the city was filled with the
wildest reports of every nature. "-' v
ALMAZ STEAMS IXTO PORT.
The inhabitants clustered in the
streets, thronged the water side or
climbed the frowning- hills overlooking
the harbor for a better view.
Finally, toward 6 o'clock of the
evening, a graceful cruiser with two
snowy white stacks shot into view at
the entrance to the Golden Horn and
rounded to an anchorage beneath the
bristling guns of the curving promon-.
tory. From afar the broken slump of
her- mlzienmast and a shot -hole show
ing black on the white paint of one
stack indicted that IJie cruiser had en
countered the Japanese.. As the anchor;
chain rattled, in the haw^eholcs the '
vessel wreathed itself in salute — it was
an admiral's salute in honor ,of Rear
Admiral yon Jessen. Scarcely had the
boom of the last cannon ' begun to
echo from the surrounding lillls when
Yon Jessen's flagship, the cruiser Ros
sia, answered the salute, and a minute
later the guns of the fortress took up
the cannonade.
Kxcltemen* beyond description seized
the ' thronging spectators, who with
frantic "huzzahs" tossed - high their
ctfps. Citizens embraced one another
and • danced jubilantly on tho pier;
\u25a0while the crews of the ships In the
harbor Joined in wild cheering.
In a trice the boats were dropped
from the davits and in a moment the
officers of the cruisers and torpedo
boats in the^ harbor and the- military
officials from* the fortress were swarm
ing on board the Almaz to learn news
of the flgtiting.
GRAPHIC STORY OF BATTLE.
The story was short. According to
the ofHcers of the Almaz the fleet under
Rojestvensky met the Japanese in the
Straits of Korea, near Tsu Island, and
the opposing fleets immediately closed,
in. Being lightly armed, the Almaz, as
had been ordered by Admiral Rojest
vensky beforjt the battle, separated
hersftlf from .'the fleet at the first op
portunity and headed for Vladivostok
soon after the commencement of the
action, but not too soon to observe that
the losses on both sides in the titanic
combat were great.
Early in the battle an officer of; the
Almas, while watching Rojestvensky*s
flagship, the battleship Kniaz Souva
roff. for a signal, saw the flagship
shudder from stem to stern as if under
a blow from a gigantic hammer and
hesitate in her course, while tho" waves
rose high from her armored sides. :
Then she commenced to list and sink.
The officers believe that the debut of
the submarine -boat as an effective
agent In naval warfare, or perhaps a,
larce mine," caused', the disaster to ..'the
Kniaz Jouvnroff. The how
ever, was so extensive that the • flugr
shlp soon went down, leaving the: deck
officers and many of the crew strug
gling In the waves. b'- • •"• \u25a0 ".
One of the Russian torpedo-boats,
either the destroyer Buiny or the^Bravi,
ran in and picked up a number of the
swimmers, one of whom was recognized
through a flash as Admiral Rojest
vensky.
Under a gruelling attack by the Jap
anese warships, aided by torpedo-boats,
mines and submarines, the Borodino
the Oslabya and the Orel were placed
out of action and followed the flagship
to the bottom.
SEE JAPANESE SHIPS SIXK.
The fog, which had raised and low
ered intermittently during the morn
ing, began to settle down again and
the distance of the Almaz, which had
now succeeded in disengaging herself
from the struggling ships, made it dif
ficult for her to see clearly, but the of
ficer* are positive that they saw two
Jaiiincxf battleships disappear beneath
the sea before tbelr eyes, and that two
Japanese cruisers appeared on the
point of ftlnkJnK.
The arrival of the Grozny at 11
o'clock to-day was marked by the
same scenes of excitement as those
which characterized the advent of the
Almaz.
A correspondent visited the wounded
commander of the destroyer. Captain
Andrlffski, at the hospital, and the cap
tain confirmed the details 'given by the
officers of the Almaz. He described his
combat as a running fight, in which
the Grozny was engaged for several
hours, finally sinking the pursuing Jap
anese destroyer. '
BIG ARMIES
ON THE EVE
OF BATTLE
CZAR HEARS
FROM SLAV
SURVIVORS
GrapKip Story
of tfie Great
Combat.
Continued From Pagie 1, Column 7.
SURVIVORS SJIY THEY^m
JAPJINESE IVJ}I£SHIPS SINIC
fashioned mahogany treasurer* box was
stolen from a safe, where It has for
many years held the most valuable of
the possessions of the women members
of a prominent family. Not even the
head of the family knew of its loss. He.
in fact, is the last person on earth
whom "it Is desired to «take into the
secret, and. the necessity of keeping him
in Ignorance o.f the facts has been the
greatest handicap to the detectives.
COSSACKS FIRE
UPON WORKMEN
Mob of- Si.^ Hundred La
borers Attacks the Ked
Cross Hospital in Lodz
. BERT.TN. May 30.— Emperor .William
to-day bestowed the order of the Black
Eagle on Prince Arisugawa, who will
represent the Emperor of Japan at the
wedding, of Crown Prince Frederick,
and conferred the Red Cross medal on
Princers Arlsugawa. . »
Kaiser Honors Japanese Prince.
REPELLED BY TKOOPS
Situation Is Critical and
More Soldiers Are Being
Hurried Into the City
Six hundred workmen attempted to
storm the Red Cross Hospital, believing
that one of their comrades, wounded . In
to-day's rioting, was lying there dead.
Cossacks were summoned and fired on
the workmen, wounding five of them
seriously and several slightly.
Two thousand troops have arrived from
Warsaw. The situation is critical, and
several manufacturers have fled to War
saw, while the mobs prevented others
leaving. There is no meat in the city
ana poultry Is at famine prices.
LODZ, Russian Poland, May 30. — The
Strike here Is extending. About 35,000
workmen are now out. A police ser
geant was shot and killed In the streets
during the night, and the manufac
turers are urgently appealing for Gov
ernment protection.
NEW YOEK FAMILY
SKELETON STOLEN
Letters Taken WTiich Eeveal
a Scandal in Wealthy
Household.
NEW YORK. May 30. — For the return
of a packet of letters, the publication
of which would disrupt a wealthy and
socially prominent New York family
and would Involve families of equal
standing in a scandal, a reward of |10,
000 Is offered In' the Herald by a detec
tive bureau on behalf of the wife and
daughter, from whom the letters were
stolen. Incidentally it is hoped"to:re
cover $60,000 worth of jewels and many
thousands off dollars' worth of stock
certificates which were stolen at the
same time as* the letters, but 1 In com
parison with the latter, 7 the loss of the
jewelry Is considered lnsigrniflcant.
Every effort has been made to keep
the theft secret. '• Not half a dozen per
son's are aware that some time between
March 31 and a few days \ ago an old
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 31,
I>o You See the Point f
. v It' s a good «ne ', If ; If \u25a0 *6W of our pyrorraphy^
. points, : and ; we '-. haye * everything ? else'; In? the
artist material line, including skins 1 fresh from
the ' tanner \u25a0 and fancy wood, articles •to - burn.
Sanborn: : Vail •& ' Co.-. 741" Market' street; " 7: •'-.•. • -
lliuudan Fireman . S uccumba . to . Burns
necelved In the Boller-Roora
' of Vessel.
VALLEJO. May 30t— The second . death
am^ng the crew of the, Russian cruiser Lena,
lying nt Mare , Uland Navy Tard, has been
reported to the : Ccroner." ; Saturday a tube' In
the boiler-room of the J>na burst and four of
the crew were badly scalded. " M. Lamaroft, a
fireman, aced 2& years. \u25a0mi fatally burned. '
2
TPhen It Is to Your Interest* to > Drink
the Beer That* Is Made in San Francisco •; .
SHOULD a visitor to this city *^ njore thoroughly repre- .
say to you: It is true that Cal- sentative of California's famous
ifppnia raises the finest agri- , agricultural products than the.
cultural products in the world; Beer industry,
now what manu? actures have you You could mention no manu-
that are worthy of so famous a facture that is more typical of
State? local skill and energy than the
You know what your reply Beer that is made by the Brew- .
would be. , cpi<e s of San Francisco.
On what particular branch of You could specify no enter-
home industry would you base prise that has been so closely
your belief and answer? with the growth of San ;
Would you not speak of the Francisco as that of Beer making. •
mills in which Calif ornia's wheat You are naturally proud of .
is ground into flour and the wine- your State and her products,
ries in which California's grapes You would resent the imputa.- .
are made into wine? . tion that the manufactures of San
Would you not also describe Francisco are inferior to those of *
the great Breweries of San Fran- any other city.
Cisco, in which the finest hops Why don't you back your pa- •
arid barley of California are made triotism with your patronage ?
into Beer? > Do" your duty yourself— to
You could name no industry \u25a0. your city and - *•
\u25a0••-.\u25a0.•»'\u25a0 ( ..... • . • . •
-- . . , _ ;h'»
Brink the Beer That Is Made in San Francisco
Chats
Many If to
a he worry,
sick liad" Consider
man taken this,
has out A
\u25a0worried a postal
himself policy will
to in tell
dcaUi the tlie
•wondering Pacific ways
tvluit . Mutual and
his . Life means
family Insurance Jf !•
would Oorapauy, addressed
do he to
If would Walter
he have o Hoff
were had Seely.
to no Crocker
die. need Bid*.. S. F.
jjSvS Katnrnl liaxative X
m Water, the sorest, s*f- *^i«
B I «•*» beit . ' B^a
BE9CEDT J 'K^
pH§ itrr Constipation and : MEm
raffl \u25a0aa 1 1 Bowel aliments. ' \u25a0
Yon cannot afford to
? **&*?* '• T"'* 1 c " '®??^ •\u25a0• *• . s&4£A
afl go easy. Begin now. \u25a0Kkwl
I Go to the drueglat to- g
:BBW day and say distimctly
«*HUNYADI jXyOS" Wm
fSV Take half a glass on usgm
MB arising. A positive core |Sr«
BBBssiSißßßßlL^^^S^^^MSra
Catarrh •„
Invites Consumption
It weakens the delicate lung tissues,*
deranges the digestive organs', and
breaks down the general health.
It often causes headache and dizzi-
ness, impairs the taste, smell and
hearing, ana affects the voice.*
. Being a constitutional disease,
quires a constitutional. remedy. .
Hood's Sarsapatilla
Radically and permanently cures ca-
tarrh of the nose, throat, stomach,
bowels^ and mor^ delicate organs, and
builds up the whole \u25a0system. ,
No substitute for Hood's acts like
Hood's. Be sure to get Hood' 3.
Testimonials of remarkable cures mailed oo
request. C. I. HOOD CO.. Lowell, 'Mass. ,.
W QUARTER SI2E3, ISC EACH ; 2 FOR 230. \u25a0
H CLUETT, PEABOOY ft CO., g
B mtKtn* o» Ci.tt€TT ami xowaccw »mnr» > j|
Dr. Wong Him, Herb Doctor,
eCT OEART STREET.
Between Jones and Leavenworta sts., 8.7.
Chinese Lejratlon. Washington. D. C.
TO WHOM IT MAT CX3NCERN;
*!s"nefl, bis Impe-
CcgM < ** j *|lß rlHl Chinese Majes-
W^l ty'« Minlater Plenl-
YgarC: I potenUarv and E^-
VM. . f voy Extraordinary
X?sEi / t0 tbe United States
JiiSiß / of America. Spata
JP.gft»g-^w_ and Peru, do her«-
jg*3ji , >P^V b y certify that Dr.
/jKOfefegfEJlMßY* Wons Him la a
t sMsca atS* bona flde physician
* -^swSSiaiMsmv*" in Chin* and ragu.
laxly qualified as «uch. WC T. FANQ.
September. 16. lOCS.
Best of Ccrtincntes In Hla Office.
' Omaha (Jfeb.). April 23. '04. "
. To Whom It may Concern: After treat-
ing with th« best physlcUns and specalllsts
for the past six years I caliej on Dr'
Won? Htm. He made a simple examina-
tion by feeling the pubs and explained my
case fully. '1 aeked him It he could cure
lt.*H« said yes/ In from six to eight weeks
which " I can tratbfully say he did. Tha
physicians ' here think him a wend* r Any *
one writing ma I will be only too glad and
thankful" to answer. I can, cheerfully ttc-
ommetJd him in the very worst cases O f'
eczema, as my case was known to be one
cf tho most stubborn on record \u25a0 Tn«
X-ray was also a failure. I think Dr
Wong Him one of the beat doctors In tha
United States and owe my future health ta
him. Very truly. \ w
- MRS. A. F. GHU-TITH.
SIS South 22d street. Omaha. MatRussian Disaster 'Is v Pleasing to - the
. 'Austrian Editors.
; VIENNA, May 30.— The ' papers here,
with the exception of the Fremdenblatt;
(semi-official) - ; continue toVexi>ress sat
isfaction 'at the) Russian /defeat -in • the
Straits \oV; Koreal ; ; The" Fremdenblatt
declares ** the : Japanese victory 'was too
great ;. and ; ; .sweeping;: to ; be; fully ."ac
ceptable ;tb; Great and f the
United "' States and. says it may /.not
VIENNESE PRESS DELIGHTED.
Secret .Board Said to Have Been Ap
pointed to Suggest Means for Meet
\u25a0: lnc Current Expenses. /\u25a0
ROME, May 30.— Serious financial
difficulties are causing - the '/Vatican
much anxiety. A secret board has been
appointed \to suggest , means * for/ meet
ing current expenses. It is likely, that
an appeal for aid ? may be made to the
rich bishops C and 'clergy.
A Winner.
The Mendal Wardrobe Trunk :1s a combina
tion of convenience and quality. . At ( borne ' It
forms a ' wardrobe: \u25a0 while traveling v a ; trunk
Ask for, illustrated booklet In Trunk and Suit
Case Department. - Sanborn. Vail &;Co'^74l
Market street. • ,
VATICAN FACES SERIOUS
FINANCIAL DIFFICULTIES
Japanese Rescue British Ship Captured
-"*•-:» by Rojestvensky. .
NAGASAKI. May 30.— The' British
steamship Oldhamla, with a ker
osene cargo for Hokkaido, which
was captured by. the Russians on May
19, has been retaken by. the Japanese
warships. The captain of the Oldhamia,
the engineer and two of the crew were
rescued. The steamship was retaken
on Saturday and brought to Sasebo to-,
day. !pg£Bj . .
TOKIO.-fcfay 3.0. — It now • appears
that the report of the sinking of . an
American vessel by the fleet of ; Ad-;
miral. Rojestvensky, grew out of the
seizure of the British steamship Old-"
ham la, bound for Japan,; which was
later, retaken by the Japanese war
ships. ".;
Kamimura Will Cruise to Shanghai.
SHANGHAI, May. 30;— The [./Japanese
cruiser squadron,: under' command 'of
Vice Admiral Kamimura, is expected
here from the south before Friday.
flotilla , Destroyed. '
'; TSINGTAU. May 30.— The Japanese ad
mit the loss of two battleships, one
cruiser and nine torpedo boats during
the engagement with the Russian fleet off
Tsu Islands'; on; May^27. . v
It Is said that more than one-half of the
Japanese "mosquito" vessels,- which "be
fore %the battle were eighty In 'i number,'
were' sunk ; by the Russian warships, . and
thatf. large .numbers of men comprising
the crews \u25a0 perished.
More Than One-Half of the Torpedo
REPORTS OF JAPANESE LOSSES.
. NAGASAKI, May! 30 » H a. m.— The
Russian war vessels seen and 1 cported
by the Occidental and Oriental Compu
ny's steamship Doric were the Izuiurud,
a cruiser of the,. Aurer.i. o lass, and a
gunboat, probably the Kazarsky. The
latter was leaking." Fighting continues
off Okino Island.
Liner Sights Ttfo Slav Ships!
RUSSIAN PRIZE RETAKEN.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 30. — The
Kniaz Souvaroff, Vice Admiral Rojest
vensky's flagship, which went down
with her flag still flying and the rem
nant of her crew still working' the
suns, was one of t':e r«wwt and best
ships in the Russian navy. She was a
first-class battleship and was completed
only last year. She was built at St. Pe
tersburg, was of' 13,51G tons displace
ment and had a speed of 13 knots. Her
armament consisted of four 12-Inch
guns, twelve 6-inch guns, twenty 3-inch'
guns and twenty 3-pounders, in 'addi
tion to six smaller rapld-flre gruns." She
had six torpedo tubes and had a crew
numbering 740 officers and men. :
Crew of Rojestvensky's Flagship
Works Guns to the Last.
TOKIO, May 30.— The captured Rus
sian battleship Orel arrived at the Mal
zuru navy yard at noon to-day. The
battleship Nicolai I and Admiral Senla
vln and the coast defense ironclad Ad
miral Apraxlne reached Sasebo at T ll
•o'clock to-day. It is reported that the
Orel and Nicolai are but slightly dam
aged. , ' -
Fifty-five Russian sailors,' some of
them wounded, were picked up eighteen
miles off Mishima. yesterday. Twenty
three of the crew of | the Aurora were
landed yesterday and ten refugees were
rescued to-day in the same vlcinU.y. •
Two Captured Russian Ships Found to
Be Little Damaged.
SINKS WITH COLORS FLYING.
BRINGING IN THE PRIZES.
TOGO'S TASK COMPLETED.
His Chief.
Admiral Sends Briefest of Slessages to
TOKIO. May Su.-Admiral Togo has tel
egraphed to Admiral Yamamoto. Minister
of the Navy, as follows:
"The main force of the Russians' sec
ond and third fleets is nearly annihilated.
Please feel assured of it."
The proverb that Togo always fights
and seldom reports is proving true in the
case of his greatest -battle. From the
briefest and most fragmentary reports
coming to Tokio it is impossible to gain
an approximate conception or picture of
the desperate and decisive combat. The
Navy Department, after announcing the
bare result yesterday, has lapsed into
silence again. It meets lnculrers with
the statement that the department is not
interested in the publication of news, but
is concerned only in gaining victory for
Japan.
It Is probable that many details of the
fight will never be given to the world.
Days and weeks may elapse before the
main facts of the battle and its strategy
are made known.
Admiral Togo appears to have planned
and laid a complete trap which fitted Ad
miral Rojestvensky's action and the Jap
anese outrcaneuvered, outfought and out
shot the Russians, fearlessly taking their
lightest cruisers against the heavy Rus
sian ironclad battleships and armored
cruiser^ and smothering them with gun
fire.
Tremendous interest attaches to the use
of t submarine 0 vessels. The Navy Depart
ment is silent on this point, but It is con
fidently believed that submarines were
effectively used for the first time in his
tory.
Theroetically the sea was too rough
for the employment of submarines on
Saturday, but the Japanese sailors wel
come desperate chances. It is believed
that torpedo-boats and destroyers scored
heavily on Saturday night.
The conditions on Sunday were most
favorable. The night was calm and
clear and land was visible for forty
miles across the Tsu Straits.
Hundreds of Russian -refugees who
landed on the Tsu Islands and neighbor-
Ins: provinces are coining to Sasebo and
If the foregoing proves correct, all of
the large fighting . ships of the • Baltic
fleet will have been accounted for. Of the
entire number only one— the Almaz—suc
ceeded In reaching Vladivostok.
LONDON, May 31.— The Tokio corre
spondent of the Daily News says that
the battleships Navarin and Slssoi Veliki
were either sunk or are Japanese pris
oners. The correspondent says It is be
lieved that, the Japanese employed sub
marine boats. -r. i."
Allot Rojestvensky's Larger .Vessels
. . • Jiovr Accounted For.
"We send sincere congratulations and
take occasion to praise the virtue of the
Emperor and to thank you and those
under you for the onerous service extend
ing over, many months and to express
sympathy for the killed and wounded."
TOKIO, May 30, 8:30 p. m.— Admiral
Yamamoto, Minister df the Navy, to-day
sent the following telegram to Admiral
Togo: ~
"The enemy's second and third squad
rons, successfully overcoming the diffi
culties attending their voyage eastward,
showed themselves no mean power, but
your squadron, intercepting them In ad
vance of their destination, put them to
confusion and destroyed and . captured
nearly all their units.
"Your victory does not end here. You
captured the enemy's, commander in
chief. It Is most gratifying for our na
tional cause that you achieved such a
victory. •
Especially Mentions the Capture of
Vice Admiral Rojestvensky.
OXI.Y OXE SLAV SHIP -ESCAPES.
YAMAMOTO THANKS TOGO.
"They completely encircled the . Rus
sians,", the correspondent says, "swarm
ing like hornets and the attack proved
successful. Sunday morning a Russian
battleship ''and a; cruiser were captured
and another cruiser was sunk. Some of
the: Russian warships retired southward.^
The fighting was on a grand scale. The
Borodino and Kamchatka soon sank.
The Russians were then thrown into dis
order. The ships failed to answer' the
admirals- signals and a complete lack of
united effort prevailed.
"By 4 o'clock in the afternoon Rojest
vensky^ was completely defeated, but pur
suit and fighting continued.' .The Japa
nese captured a | battleship which was
damaged severely, having been swept
clean: by shell fire and eventually she
sank, but all her crew was made
prisoners." \u25a0r'K^y]
LONDON, May 31.— The Daily Mail's
Tokio correspondent, cabling under date
of May 30, " says: .
"When the Kniaz Souvaroff was sunk,
Admiral \u25a0 Rojestvensky w : as transit rred
to another vessel, but was captured off
Fural to-day. He is said to be severely
wounded In the arm. Admirals Nebogat
off and Voelkersam also are prisoners.
All the ships of the Russian fleet have
been either sunk or captured."
The Dally Telegraph's Moji (Japan) cor
respondent says the captain of the
armored cruiser Admiral Nakimoff and
another officer were swimming about in
an exhausted condition for many hours
when tht y were rescued by some Shim
onseki • fishermen. -
The London Daily Telegraph's Tokio
correspondent; this. morning gives details
received fromi/a^correspondent in Korea
of the fight ; between the Japanese and
Russian "fleets^ rie says that the Japanese
torpedo attack ;_Saturday. night was car
ried'out; byl moonlight and in smooth
water. - \u25a0 * '^-^W : . \u25a0 s
Captain of the Admiral XaklmoS
'Finally Picked Up at Sea.
IN THE WATER MAXY HOURS.
bring peace, but rather give the dip
lomats new work along the Hnes of
the readjustment of international re
lations. The argument was advanced
by a certain diplomat here that the
more defeats Russia suffered the less
likely" it was that she would make
peace, because such a course, the dip
lomat \u25a0 added, would hasten her inter
nal collapse..
admits was sunk, probably was the
cruiser Orel, since it seems clear that the
battleship of that name was captured
amd is at Sasebo, and St. Petersburg has
reported the arrival of the hospital ship
Orel at Vladivostok.
•JAPANESE NAVAL OFFICERS WHO COMMANDED DIVISIONS OF TOGO'S {
FLEET IN THE NAVAL BATTLE IN WHICH THE RUSSIAN NAVY WAS I
SWEPT FROM THE WATERS OF THE FAR EAST. |
MONTROSE. Colo.. May 30.— A cave-In
occurred to-day in the Gunnlson tunnel,
one of the large Irrigation projects of the
United States Government, entombing a
number of workmen, variously estimated
at from twenty to twenty-five. It is not
likely that any of the men are dead, un
less they were caught and crushed to
death by the falling earth, for the air
pipes running into the tunnel have been
working almost without interruption since
the accident happened at ID o'clock this
morning. . :* 1 .
By order of Resident Engineer McCon
nellall work on the tunnel has been sus
pended and the entire forces of men and
machinery have been brought to the scene
of the cave-in to aid in rescuing the en
tombed men. No headway can be made
in the tunnel for the "reason that new
breaks in the roof, occur as fast
as the debris Is removed. A shaft
Is being sunk directly over the spot where
the men are burled and machinery Is in
place to remove the dirt and rock as
fast as it can be dug or blown out. The
shaft must penetrate sixty-five feet before
the tunnel can be reached and it is not
thought the distance can be covered be
fore to-morrow noon. Th© cave-In oc
curred beneath the bed of Cedae Creek
and was primarily due to the softened
earth caused by seepage from tne creek.
Tunnel Caves In at Big. Ir
rigation Project in -
Colorado.
scoke entombed
:; 4at federal wqeks
May 30.-prhe war;ves
sel Orel, which the Russian Admiralty
' '.'That marks a step in. the direction of
peace," said a prominent diplomat, "and
itijs to be hoped that Russia will recog
nize, as does the; rest: of Europe, the dis
interested earnestness with -which & the
President wishes for an ending of the
war. Whatever the popular! feeling in this
country, I think the Russian Government
will v readily"; admit that the attitude of
President Roosevelt,: personally and offi
cially, has been all that Russia: or. Japan
could ask. ; If had taken the \ ad
vice of tne President after . the ; battle of
Lloyang. she would now be at peace with
the \u25a0. world,'.', with the :: greater \u25a0 portion .of
her '' navy.-: intact." : ''\u25a0 ;"i> \u25a0 ; \rj . '.':\u25a0' \u25a0-.;\u25a0"- i " ; :.€;>^
'.This -reference ' was j to a}: conference
which the President had' with Count Cas
sini; soon : afters the battle 'of iLlaoyang;
wlien the President expressed \u25a0 the ; opinion,
that Russia, could wltn, dignity;andiad
vantage ; discuss terms Lwithf Japan
at that time,* and with the certainty that
noV indemnity;; would! be asked. VWhile
careful \to transmit ' the j substance^ of } the
conversation to his .Government, Uhe only
answer 'which -; the i Russian Embassador
received .was s,Vthe "Emperor •will continue
the war to the bitter end." -\u25a0 ; ; y
\u25a0 : V \u25a0 •.:>\u25a0-;-; ': :-___l — -V" ' '\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 •\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0'. .\ ''\u25a0 \
Crnlser Orel Among: , the Sunk;
j « t WASHINGTON;May 30. — "Until some
word of peace comes out of Tsarskoe-
Selo, Nippon has but to fight on." \u25a0 .
This epigrammatic remark of Taka
hira, the Japanese Minister, made to
night with the details of*the victory 'of
the Japanese fleet before him," accur
ately sets forth ;not only his opinion,
but. it is believed, that of Washing
ton and other neutral Governments
represented here regarding the effect
of the battle on. Russia's policy.
Whether Count Casslni, the Russian
Embassador, will be the bearer of that ;
fateful word when he sees the Presi
dent to-morrow or Thursday remains
to be seen, but the Embassador in a
conversation to-night was more em
phatic than at any time since the
war begun in declaring 1 that it would
go-On indefinitely. While admitting
that he would see the President in the
next .few days and have a long- confer
ence on the general situation, the Em
bassador strongly discouraged any
hopes of an early peace.
"Perhaps after Llaoyang there was
a possibility of peace. I will not say
there was not an Idea of peace at that
time in certain quarters; . . but • now,
nfter thin rrunhlnsr defeat, never!* The
Japanese j talk of \ Indemnity. Russia
can better une thin money la the
building of another fleet. Certainly
this Is not the time when BnsMia can
afford to take ;np • the question of
peace."
I It is this apparent determination of
Russia to continue in the face of dis
astrous defeats on land and sea which
discourages the Washington Government
at this time from taking any positive^
steps toward offering assistance to the
belligerents In coming to an understand
ing. It is believed here, however, that
when Russia, through her own agents,
has learned the full extent of her losses, j
she may be approached regarding peace
with some hope that overtures will be
welcomed. ;It is such an .opportunity for
which this Government is watching. §
Soon after, the President returned from
New York this evening Secretary Taft,
who had been out of the city for about
a week, called at the .White House and {
was In conference with', him for "several |
hours. While the Secretary . was there 1
dispatches arrived from the Japanese le
gation giving details of the battle, which I
the President read with ; keen interest.
The President and Secretary discussed a
number of matters, but the outlook for
peace, occupied much of their time. ' It Is
realized that the crushing character « of j
the Russian defeat gives to the President
an "opportunity -with entire propriety to
offer his services to the St. Petersburg
Government in establishing communica- i
tion with Tokio, but ; until it ' can; be j
learned that such an offer probably would j
be successful, this Government is: not I
Inclined to 'act. - /
Throughout the diplomatic corps to-day
tlfe keenest interest Y was taken in~; the
news of the conference with , Takahlra; 1
the Japanese Minister, had with the Pres- 1
Ident at the White House last night." j ;
There are endless accounts of individual
herojsm, but none more thrilling than
that of a young sailor who gave up his
place on'a piece of plank in order that he
might save the life of a lieutenant of the
Alexander I. who had been a popular
officer with his crew and who was ill at
the time of the attack. The sailor was
afterward rescued by a passing boat, but
later died from exposure, as did so many
of his comrades.
The men are in desperate straits. The
boats in which they sought refuge when
their ships went down were badly .pro
visioned and in most cases not all, so
that the terrors of the heavy seas were
added to by pangs of hunger and thirst.
The survivors state they had absolutely
no chance of winning. The attack of the
Japanese was so sudden and complete
and the plan of attack so different from
what was expected that the entire fleet
became panic stricken. The long range
fire of the enemy was so deadly that there
was no chance of replying, because the
Japanese had chosen their own range,
which no Russian ship could equal.
Then came the torpedo-boat attack,
which completed the demoralization. They
say the crews took to the water in most
cases before the torpedoes had gone home
and those who remained on board their
vessels were precipitated into the sea by
the explosions that followed. Many saved
themselves by clinging to pieces of
wreckage.
KOBE, May 30.— T0-day the survivors
of the great fight were beginning to ar
rive along the Japanese coast, clinging
to the wreckage or carried by the few
boats which escaped from the battle. A
disabled Russian cruiser carrying 200 offi
cers and men approached Hamadi, which
is on the mainland of Japan and opposite
the scene of the battle. She flew a white
flag, and a,s soon as she was sighted a
Government boat was dispatched to es
cort her ashore and offer the survivors
a ready welcome. The officials of the
Japanese Red Cross Society went out in
a launch and gave such aid as they could
to the wounded and carried them to tem
porary quarters near Yamaguchi, which
Is at the southwest of the Island of Nip
pon and the land nearest to where the
battle was fought.
The waters are alive with Russian sea
men, who are desperately striving to
make the land in small boats, or clinging
to the mass of wreckage. Small mer
chantmen and pleasure ships have gone
out to pick up all the survivors they can
find. They have already rescued several
hundred men, many of whom are
wounded. All are in a state of extreme
exhaustion.
Sea In Battle Area.
Seamen CUnKinj? to Wreckage Dot the
RUSSIAN" SURVIVORS RESCUED.
"It was submarines that ilid the
work," said White to-day. "They were
sent there for the purpose. If there
are any Runs Inn warships left all the
Japanese have to do Is to round them
up, keep at n safe distance and let the
submarines finish them. If this course
is pursued there wont be a Russian
flax floating on a warship on the. seas
of the Orient."
Admiral Togo, White says, attached
them to his fleet and placed upon them
his chief dependence in destroying the
squadron of Rojestvensky.
White said to-day that these myster
ious packages contained *ffNf *; Heljand
submarines . for the j Japanese"* Govern
ment. They were accompanied to To
klo by a corps of skilled ; American
engineers and mechanics employed at
high salaries, not only to put the boats
together at a.'; secret Japanese ship
yard, but to operate them In the naval
battle.'" -White says that the boats were
launched on May 10, . and that they
proved more than satisfactory in their
trial tests. They were equipped with
improved torpedo tubes and also with
searchlights for use when moving be
neath the surface.
JERSEY CITY, N. J., May 30.—
George 11. 'White, who was associated
with John P. Holland In the construc
tion of four submarine boats, which
were built In Jersey City, says these
boats wrecked the Russian fleet.
It will be recalled that there was
considerable excitement over the ship
ment of machinery for Japan that
went over the Northern Pacific rail
road last spring. There were rumors
that Russia's spies "had attempted to
blow up the train containing this con
signment.
It is impossible to determine the par
ticular manner of the destruction of
the individual Russian ships. It is re
ported that submarine vessels and
specially .laid mines were used, but a
satisfactory confirmation of this is not
obtainable.
Captain Roshinoff reached a dam
aged steam launch and was picked up
on Sunday. The other survivors used
life belts and were rescued by fisher
men.
TOKIO, May 30. — Captain Roshinoff,
commander of the Admiral Nakhimoff,
and other survivors have been brought
to Mojl.
The Admiral Xakhlmofl jj was < sunk
near Tsu Island on Saturday, seeming
ly by a mine or a submarine vessel.
Captain Roshinoff .says that hl» vessel
wus entering: the straits -with the fleet.
Suddenly there was n tremendous ex
plosion and the "Admiral .Nakblmofl
speedily sank, carrying a majority, of
her crew to death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
First Demonstration of the
Effectiveness of Modern
Boats That* Attack
From Beneath the Waves
Foreign observers sharply criticize Ad
miral Rojestvensky and Rear Admiral
Nebogatoff, despite the mcagerness of the
knowledge of the details and conditions
which governed them. Admiral Rojest
vensky is criticized for not sending his
light cruisers and transports by the
northern straits, his failure to arrange a
co-operation with the Vladivostok squad
ron and his battle formation, which
placed all the strong ships on the star
board column and the weaker craft on
the port column; Rear Admiral Nebo
gatoff's courage is questioned, he having
surrendered on Sunday apparently with
out a fight, although It is admitted that
his ships were evidently badly battered
on Saturday.
It is expected that Vice Admiral Kaml
mura. Rear Admiral Kataoka and other
commanders will be honored.
Malzuru. Many of them are wounded
and are otherwise suffering from the ter
rible ordeal of the long battle. Local
branches of the Red Cross and Govern
ment hospitals are sheltering and treat
ing them. It is believed that the fight-
Ing ended on Monday. A search of the
sea was In progress to-day.
Tokio was jubilant to-day. Hundreds of
callers and deputations throng the Navy
Department, offering thanks and con
gratulations. The newspapers declare
that Admiral Togo has gained a place
beside Nelson.
The Emperor, Princes and Ministers
are dispatching congratulations to Ad
miral Togo, who, it is expected, will be
given high rank and other imperial
honors. Already a popular idol, he has
become a demigod in the public estima
tion.
"Tims the Hussions lost altogether
twenty-tno ships, the ag-gTegrate ton
nage %rbereof amounted to 153,411 tons,
Uehides the cruiser Mn.ar. believed to
hare sunk."
"T«o battleMhipH, the Orel and the
Imprrntor Mcliohm I, the. coast de
fense ships, the General Admiral
Apraxlne and the Admiral Senlavln and
one destroyer, the Biedovy, are cap
tured. .
"Two *;>«•<•!:\u25a0 I service ships, the re
pair ship Kamchatka and three de
stroyers also were sunk.
"The following: six battleships mere
sunlc: The Kniaz SouvarofT, Imperator
Alexander I. Borodino, Oslabya. Sisslo
Veliki and Navarin.
"The follow ins five !. cruisers were
sank: Tbc Admiral .Vaklmofl". Dmit
ri Donkkol, Ylsidlinlr 31onomach,rSviet
lana and Zciiitrliug.
"The roaat defense ship Admiral
Oualiakofl was sank.
"Prince Yorhito is in excellent health.
Admiral Misu was slightly wounded on
May 27."
XET LOSSES OF THE RUSSIANS.
Later a tixth report was received from
Togo as follows:
"The loss of the Oslabya and the Nav
arin is confirmed. 'The Sissoi Veliki also
definitely reported to have been sunk on
the morning "of May 28. *
••Official -t.-u.iii.ni of Russian losses
fto far as ran he ascertained:
••The Alxnaz/ on May 27. was observed
in a disabled and sinking condition, but
her final fate is yet unknown.
"The full particulars regarding the in
jury to our ships are not yet in hand, but
so • far .as I could ascertain none were
seriously injured, all being still engaged
in operations.
"The w^ole casualties are not yet ascer
tained. The casualties of first division
are litt!e over 400.
"Kniaz Souvaroff, Alexander 111.
Borodino. Dmitri Donskoi. Admiral
Nakimoff, Vladimir Monomach. Zemt
chug. Admiral Oushakoff, one convert
ed cruiser and two destroyers sunk.
"Nicolai I. Orel, General Admiral
Apr.ixine. Admiral Seniavin and de
stroyer Biedovy captured. According
to the prisoners the Oslabya was sunk
about 3 p. m. and the Navarin also was
sunk.
"According to various reports hitherto
received and statements of prisoners, the
result of the battle from May 27 to May
£y is as follows:
"Our destroyer Sazanamo captured, to
ward the evening of May 27, in the south
of Urleung Island, the Russian destroyer
Biedovy, wherein were found Admiral
Rojestvecsky and another admiral, both
severely wounded, together with eighty
Russians, including staff officers from the
flagship Prince Suvaroff, which was sunk
at 5:2? p. m. on May 27.. They were all
taken prisoners. *•
"Our cruiser Chitose. while cruising to
the northward en the morning of May
2S. found and sunk another Russian de
stroyer. Our cruiser Niitaka and destroy
er Murakiimo attacked also, at noon on
May 2S, a Russian destroyer, which final-
Jy went «i.eround.
CAPTURE OF ROJESTVENSKY.
"The cruiser Dmitri Dpnskoi was also
found in a northwestern direction at 5
p. m. and was immediately overtaken
and fired on vigorously by our fourth di
vision and 6econd destroyer flotilla. She
•was attacked that night by the second
destroyer flotilla and the next morning:
was found aground on the southeastern
shore of Urleung Island, off the Korean
ccast.
"The jnaln force of our combined fleet,
upon accenting surrender of the remain
ing Russian main force, near Liancourt
rocks. In the afternoon of May 28, as al
ready reported, stopped pursuit and while
engaged in the disposition of surrendered
ships found in a southwestern direction
the Admiral Oushakoff, a coast defense
ship. Thereupon the Iwate and the Ya
kumo were Immediately dispatched in
pursuit and invited her to surrender, but
she refused and was sunk at 6 p. m..
Her crew of more than 300 men were res
cued.
TOKIO. May SO.— The fifth report re
ceived from Admiral Togo since the com
mencement of the battle reached the Na
val Department this afternoon- It was
as follows:
EXPLOSIONS WRECK
GEEAT IRONCLADS
Admiral Says Damage to His
.Own Fleet Was Slight
Under-Sea Fighting Craft
Bear Brunt of Combat
When the Slav Fleet Is
Checked in the Straits
TOGO AIDED
BY YANKEE
WAR CREWS
TOGO ACCOUNTS
FOR NEARLY ALL
OF SLAV CRAFT
Reports Twenty-Two Vessels
Destroyed or Captured.
AMERICAN-BUILT SUBMARINES SINK THE RUSSIAN WARSHIPS
NO MOVEMENT TOWARD ENDING WAR
UNTIL THE CZAR GIVES THE SIGNAL
Russia Seems Determined to Fight On and America Withholds Action
THE SAN ; FRANCISGO-CALLs WEDNESDAYS MAY 31, 1905:
3
Straw Hats C^" :^^ '
Panamas J^'^^m
If you want a Straw Hat or 4ii "'^i^sr
Panama, and want to get it at (M^-^W •
•the lowest possible price, buy it j 4^^ ; " >\
in either one of our two stores. ''Js\
We regularly undersell exclu- /V
sive dealers and the merchan- ' i*b&Jsy /
N dise proves the truth. of this as- » ~^^£T - /
sertion. \/
Here are a few hints: y y
• Straw hats as pictured, in smooth / -^
and -rough' braids at 75c, $1.00, /
$1.30, 92.00 up to §3.50.
French palms in optimos with dented crown, telescopes and fedoras,
very cool hats for summer, at ?1.50, $2.00 and $2.50. .
r^<^^\ ' Panamas, the genuine from South
j^~ •*r4i£^ - America, in telescopes as pictured,
(^ ; fc^!fsi??Ssl £ Fedoras > Optimos, Pantourists and
W^p2asi3Sa**4i^^^ other shapes; prices $5.00 and
j Linen outing hats In every shape,
\u25a0& V ; V *|?. :^4j "i - Ma 'l orders filled — write to-day.
\'*^*i!g2&sa \u25a0 -'\u25a0'\u25a0 Ladies should visit the Art and Re-
J ception Room in the Powell and Ellis
Ax. • -Js^^hs. store — music every afternoon from 2. The ; European s railways plans j for
next . summer .were arranged ; in Munich
recently at a meeting; attended! by; 23B
delegates : representing^ I about 159 \ rail-"
way companies- ia* ten different : coaa
triea.'-. ._' : " \u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0 ';- \u25a0
,/Tea ils . held , ; by,, Good I Health txK be ;
riot, : :strictly;speaking/;"a: strictly; speaking/; "a temperance \
drink. % It ; is ; not taken^ as ; a > food "< nor. |
as faa^lnnocent; relish ito^food,;bati for '
Its_ fasclnatlug- effects 'on " the; nervous']
system, "\u25a0\u25a0 ". •'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0''- '...' ,"*.,|
was; done *awl his letters testify to the
complete contentment of spirit a« there
enjoyed, due largely to the salntstra
tions /Of his • beloved : stepdaughter. \u25a0
•One; of the longest wills oa recor4
was left by Lord Norton of Rams Hah.
Birmingham."* who "-died recently. R
covers over \u25a0 409 ; folios.
A Kansas mas has made a" bet that
be could Invent ; a question to J whlchi
fifty people would all give "the same an
ewer.; The experiment } has; been 4 tried
and it works like a charra. The Ques
tion is this: '*HaTe : 'yi>tt» heard \u25a0*\u25a0 that
Smith "has v committed suicide?" An
swer: * "What" Smith ?*•— Kansas City
Journal. '
Snrt Tttnm \u25a0 Bet.
Baebrlors at m. \u25a0 Fmuaa.
For an M. A. or B. Al to tell Che father
of a girl that If ;he pays up tne amount
of costs already incurred for his educa
tion and a further sum to meet the ex
penses of his future . career, he would
consent Ito/ be married • ,to I her . can "only
meanrthat he Is •. simply ;.;aj salable comr'
modityiin the marketand that he who
becorhes the) highest z bidder.i will "., have
him to occupy the" position* bfia son-In^
law. j/, This^ Is how the * tblnsrs - are now
happening' among . the Brahmins.-^-Ma
dras Hindu. ". .. . '\u25a0"".'"" :" ' .'\u25a0 ." '.' f : . x ' : "
Tw»M» mt Tna«Ut*rs
The difficulty of ave&Sasr "bowlers'*
wfef a cae Is rraasUtiac rrcsi EaglUa .£st»
such a-lanswase as that of the Miaaaa
ladi*as l ©f,Xava Scotia saast be very
rreat- We o«ar frc» th* £»M* Socl*ty
cf a curkr-s case, la ta« first edittax of
St. - Matthew ta \u25a0 Uicaiac tae traasiator
f otmd. waea he «uee td r«vts* It, that ta
chapter xxlyv 7£, taste*d ef -JCs.tio'O. shall
rise Acaiast aat&a." h< ia-d wpittea. "A
pair of saowsaoes shaU ri*« '<tp &sstz*t
a pair oi $»3wsl«)c*." Aad y«t ta«re was
oxs!y co* letter taisTp«at*<*--i»<>»4tuku
x&llcsljlk (a oattoaX lftAvl»r feeea din>Jaced
by. aaocktsLXTJaUkstjilc (a > saowsaoeV I*
U*« Micsxacs ft*™ a wcr«3 taat loas to*
•Tsattotx,** wfeat a sac«tsfBl' taeir word
rt» "wartirV* cvCitf.t to b«: Bttt probaiiy
tbty aaN-ent asy - w«rd - {er tt. It would
&\u2666 *st wp «s« t* tfctsa, tor they are *
small r-^cplc aad j«w>baMy ardnat caeoi
taltutalzstjikaS«ts to a sun.-LoftJ«a
Jf«w».
it Is in . Italy, i and the knowledge that
this" ts the Interest of the aathoritiea to
encourage. In the meantime I would point
out; to' travelers *la Italy that iasur
ance of Inggage against theft :s: s m are
caution that : should always be takea.—
London • Truth. -
A traveler just returned from Italy re
ports that a trunk belonging to cne cf his
party was cutopea oti the railway be
tween Rome and G*noa. • and clothes ab
stracted to the value of £2X " Whea he
consulted the British Consul on the sub
ject he heard that a lady had been .at the
consulate a few. minutes before who had
lest the whole- of her valuable Jewelry Ia
the same way. ~ it Is really \u25a0 astonishing
that the'ltalian. police and the railway
companies between them do cot take ef
fectuar steps to stop this scandal. There
Is no oner ; civilized country whera trav
elers* luggage is habitually rtfle.l \u25a0« bile
In charge of the railway coaipuues as
Robbing Trs»k« im Italy.
The bronco is born for the saddle, but
is given to resisting bis fate, and en
deavors to make reciprocal the unpleas
antness with which human beings are as
sociated In fcis mind. Indians nr«: cap
tured him by the simple process of walk-
Ing him down through days and nights of
wild dashes and short rests, of interrupt
ed meals." thirst and . anxiety, to " final ex
haustion. The: white 'man's system of
catching: wild horses Is essentially -\ the
same. Two or " more ; men, \u25a0 with supplies
and swift -horses, work together. When
a herd Is sighted one 'man follows it for
all " he is worth/ while : the others make
c&mp. When the horse of the first man
is exhausted he / retorns : and :' another
tikes his place. The : herd, kept : oa . the
jump, with little_chance to, eat. soon be
ccmes tired out. and is then easily driven
to th«-corraL v This method Is practicable
because the herd while Seeing^ returns to
the - same general . locality.— Country Ldf c
In America. ..."
Catcklsx Wild Horse*.
stimulates the tired and Jaded spirit
Into activity. Just whyt&Ss shacM b9
so is a problem as much psychological
as It-is physical, aa«s life is too- short
to -trork out. a r«asoa. but It is aoac ta«
less tree. — Trenton True Americas.
acconxpaayins' new potatoes are frora
Bermuda, the., tomatoes from Georgia
and the asra^as^s from cold st£>ra.g-*v.
.Although from, year to yearthe Del
aware- River Is becomiax more- aad.
more' contaminated with sewage aad
ref tue. ; aad Is coatainias more aad
more detzitcs and silt, washed from the
denuded- fcUl couatry. the shad eomias
Crc- i their, deep sea homes are ahls ta
reach Treatoo wlta no appreciahle loss
of old-time fiavor. The coming of sijui
means the comlas.'of sprlas. ' Whea ta«
word Is seat froia th» fisheries 'near
Perrlwis. Bar that aa *"elghtt-posia4
roe" has keen, caught It reaalres o»
c rocuse* or robins or buxidlnff sa^j
lla blossoms ta tell the story taat win
ter has g^>ne to sleep. Tie shad briar*
a sense of independence* Somehow a
piece of planked shad, evea thocsra th«
The Comlac «t tae Said,
morrow night for permanent officers, and
a committee on organization will suggest
rules' under which the improvement and
promotion of Redwood are to be agi
tated.
RED\VOOD CTTT. May 31— The erorts
of the California Promotion Committee
to awaken the citizens of Redwood to a
realization that they must be active aad
progressive la ths advertisement of tha
town's many advantages have met with
good results. Redwood now has a pro
znctkm committee, and everything win
be done to invite Investors and home
seekers to this town. The committee is
still in Its preliminary stages, but to
morrow" night the citizens who have ta«
matter in charge will meet ia the tawa
h*» to effect a permanent organization
and elact officers.
Under temporary, organization F. H.
Thorpe : has beea elected . chairman aad
C G. Landscheit secretary. A. aominat
ing committee will submit names to-
Special DSsaatea to Ts« Can.
Untidily Dressed Xnrsea.
There is no doubt that a proportion of
nurses, whose training is
do not dress as trimly as they might
when they are out of doers. If cnqualiSed
persDLj cishonor the uniform by appro
priating it without right, those who are
entitled to the uniform should honor it by
wearing it becomiftgly.— London Hospital.
_ \u25a0 \u2666 \u25a0 "
The famous Jung? rau . railroad. la
Switzerland. Is making steady progress.
The railroad has already been com
pleted up to a height of 10,2(6 feet.
Trains are now running cp to the
Eie-erwacd statloa.
Promotion Committee Organ
ized by Those Who Have
Interests of Home at Heart
TE.4.CHERS* SAIJLBT MATTERS.
OAKLAND. .Stay S> — Arrar.gejagilß ?s«-re
bees raai* tr tbe Sciioc] Pl^MHiaeat ty which
(cU: scboci teacbfTE" ealary '\u25a0•rarrzsts Us
tit- r«=itltr cf scaooi y«sr jt^u be $*-
•saed bticrt the esrrzner ••*. rs.-. . : - b»fiaa. tisai
ua^~er* nay ccs t«e cosrj*^-; tc wait *i2£t2
ta* »€\u25a0•\u25a0 «cboGi y«ar for taeir psy. Cocaty
fssl i«!tra »ia be pasd «b< fr^setis-^ca.
rii:* crierr wCI i* ;-j.;-i» > J=Jy 13. ts:t caa
be di««Tj=.t*4. E!«t eraocl «-*rr£=ts wia
also be dr*w- cs twsr reads. Tbe dty or^en
•s . . . : - ra>.Va cq v~t:: The Sl&te wrasu
tii alia be ii»=js:rifri to ZzlT 15.
SMAAI, riRE ET SAX RAFAEL. 1
SAX RAFAEL* May 30. —^An alarm of
fire -was turned in from the Grand Cen
tral Hotel at 5:30 to-day. A. wooden
hood over the kitchen caught from the
chimney .and bat for the prompt action
of the Fire Department a serious blaze
would have resulted.
INVESTORS AEE .-WASTED
Citizens of the Town Get
Together, and Plan to Ad
vertise Merits of Suburb
REDWOOD CITY
PROGRESSIVE
ACTOR ELLI6TT SUCCCMBS
c cOAKI-.VNT). 3££.r 25— P-obert Olioit,
cne cf tie Btshcp players, has sjc
cumber to overwork and was last night
takea jto a hosp:^.L 1&. Elliott ,fcas
beer z. member cf ifae tragedy company
cf the^ Bishop combination, and had
;|aat closed/ p. week. 5= Oakland In
'"ilirpah." and was about to open -cm
Sa= Fr£.=c:s-ro. He has been "constant
ly at work for a. lozig while, and the
ttrsln cf heavy. j parts ia* told apon
him, A few eights, ago he became de
liriczs, and last nighr Frani Graham.
Btshcp's lorzl rz.sr.ac-r 'Ia Oakland.
was,comr<eHed to take the actor to a
hospital.
QAEXAXD. May S3.— The commence
ment exercises cf the Convent cf Ouj
Lady. ,cf the Sacred Heart were held at
the ccnvent to-day.'- Archbishop Moct
romery delivered tae addrese of the day
£nd conferred degrees upon Miss Jemina
Hyde cf Oakland. Miss I>eoncra Ham
mend of^Juneaa. Ala*Va. and Miss Lflia
Tu^och-cf Oakland;. the three rpeTrifoers
ot the graduating class.
.The musical programme was jcarried
out by the papfls of the, convent and con
sisted cf : **Valse de Concert." Moszkow
dd: "Ire Heavens Rescued.** Beethoven;
"Serenata." Mcsaatowski (orchestra);
••Charity." Rossini;' ''Invitation a la
Dense." Yon Weber; "Our Home EhaH
B* On This Bright Isle** (solo and chcrus).
The ti»*^ in wMch i-e exercises were held
w£s tastefully deccrated with fm!laT.
Uhes zzid ferns.
TEACHERS HESlGXS.— Oailaad. T 80 —
Mjs Freda B«rr t£s rcslraed as a t earlier la
vit Oakland Sciiod I>ep&mssat.
BICTCLE STOLP? .— On\ Vrr 3, Siay 30.—Os
car H. Graver, residlae at Pit Elrt:e«a-Js
rtr«*t. has rtjerted ta* tieft cf hia bicycle
Ircrj ia Irost cf ti« Pubic Library.
CAH3IEN TO PSUAY BASEBAU-- Oatla=.d.
May 3d. — Oa« of its ieaxsres •of lis earaaea's
piczdc to b* crrta at Idcra. Park ca Taarsday
win be a xaaxes gxse cf b&&ebal3 !<:\u25a0» «; lie
carr=*a cT East OHdiSti aad xtxae d Centra:
Oaklsad. ------ - - • x
ODD FELLOWS TO PICXICL— Oak^nd. Hay
SO. — Pcne todre cf Odd FeUoTrs h&s arraag«d
for a plcsle t& be gives Jaae U at Feraartsoit
Park la ti« XSi*« Oaron. A special tnii irlil
I«ave tae foot cf Bmadvay at 6:45 o'clcci in
ti>« isoraliss. TWeasy prixes will be awarded.
TOCXG LADT DlES.— Oailaad. May Sa.—
Moss Catlseriae Morray Milasey fijed 'Hit
racralap at th* binae of" J:er aaotier, Mrs.
EUea MaJssey, 2112 R«»»Telt aveaae, B«t*-
Jty. et tie a«* cl ttrcaiy-loar ytars. Sijft was
ben in Meaio Park.
RED MEX TO DAKCE.— Oaklaad. May 30.—
TTaras Tribe & lasproved Order at Red iiea
«tJI gtr e a wfciet tgarsatneat aad fiaac* «a
Mocday ereslar a«rt et Pytilaa Ka'L The
ecsu=itt«« la cisart» «erjß3fts cf 2i. a. SciafJ?'
<ctair=aa). TK". E. Pa^reesiaa asd J; B.
McKeoa.
WOCLD DEBATE HKlOXlsM.— Oailaad.
Kay JO. — J. G. Lfi-w: :r, the *4ii4r tf i ti*
. Traies L'cisa H^erald of ihl« dty. has issaed
a eaaPear* to Ktrbert Geonre. xreSdest of
ti* Ctlx*a«' Alllaaee cf Saa Frasclscav to de
bsie Use «ru««i6n. "E«*oJT«>d, TTaal Ute trade*
Ti -steam - I r* of xacre tcaeSi to bsasaalty ,:y-j
the Ciizzt-s' Alliaaee."
CENTEBVIXXE TO HAVE A BJLVK.-Cea
terrlll*; May *».— Tae Baak cf CeatervUle U
etrrtiy to t* <3ra=lx»d by -State Stsatw J. G.
Ms-.-.cf. wltb a cfciittl clock of fS.O.(«>>. -TTae
iti-.-y tttt*rs of tse banx ar«: J. G. Mstis*,
Heary Da«ert«rTy. F. T. Dn«er*aerry, M. F.
SUva, Dr. O. F. Cialaien. £. A. Ellswona,
I* C Mor*ioof*. J. B. Mesdcza. T. W. Harri*
aad Sol E&iza&as.
COMPLAINS OF BURGLART.— OaiIaad.
Kzr 30. — Mr*. .Virfia Sctia*i*r. rfsaJlag at S*M
Terti ttreet. ccaipSaised t*-day to tee police
that i-rizz fcer ttsporary staeaoe frs=a hoa>e I
last saj±t tbe tease was \u25a0 rac«s. ci« 3 frtaa ' top j
£O botucD. aad lIS 50 sto*£» that yszs fcsi3?a
la a bnreaa .drawer.- 'Mrs. Scaia«H*r saW a
naa siaa>ed Herbert Adaai*.Jrj* la lie titcaea
waea *t« wesroat.- fcrarlmd>dssau>ear*d wbea
NEW LODGE OF FEMALE FORESTERS.—
O*jc^ad. May 30. — Sea Gcttarda Cl« 3« Xo. ?4.
Oo=:p»xjcaj.of the Ferret. fca» bfea orFaai**3
la ttu city with a. large so«ab*nS:!p and ifce
fcUowla* officers: Mrs.' G. B.- Barbrrelna.
P. C G: A. G. Doadero. C CL; M-*~el
BmseUal. E. C C; M. E. GaveUo. treasurer*
K. C Rlrl. ecrrespciaJiaff «*cretary; Mrs. C
SVrraro.' £aeE*Jal »ecrei*ry: Jilsn R. N*i.!c3o
,tO.-,MiB L» Nelstoloi. L. G; Silas G Cazact
s. O- G-: G. Mcr«sl. 0.G.; Mra. M. Caai
: »ta..O. \u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0-\u25a0-.. \u25a0 ...
The United Slates reccrd-hreaki=s crop
cf ITUSS.MO bales' in 1304 will serve ta draw
attention to ccttsn as a social »-"» ecs
ncmic factcr In the world's daveloyment
and to show the important part which It
plays in btiSnan sodety.o Congress in l^X
placed a duty of 3 cents a r*r=sd ea cot
ton, never dreaming' that It would <y*f»
day. become the most trr.^e-r**^ ©* tt 9
coxmtry's experts. When, fcj 13^ Jota
Jay was »in England to rra=» ti» treaiy
under which American ccmm*ree cst its
first real start, he did aot kaarsr *-^-»?
cotton was exported frees his *wn"y cr
ever would be exaort&& o
The 155, KO bales cf cottca praiaeoa hy
the United States In 1300 *nn» gy-jwa t»
4^05.003 In ISGX In tho words eT Esjo
mond of South Carolina cottaa s»
eome king among Cdted States prs>£ae*3
by that time. The year IS3S saw ta* H.
«».0Q0 mark in production p^y«fl far ta«
first times. It was never passed aiter
ward, except ta IS3S. tEI 1304. wbea th*
output was 12.152.0C0 bales. .Ia 2^5 th«
farm value of the cotton crop aad Its
by-prodncts was ta the neighborhood at
rr:«i»>.i»l In ir<l» owing to the reduced
price, the value did not pass beyond fS-«»
mark. In each year, however. It ranked
all the other products of tie soil la thm
amount of money which it brought the
grower, except corn. Three-fourths ot
all the cotton &rawa ts the world is pro
duced ta the United States. Twasty- per
cent of the entire * American crap was
manufactured Is American *•;?*? *i ia I>>\
This proportion, increasing fa-^gr >v«i
the production, had growa to 17 per cent
ta tSOi. The South, whJca manuiactarwl
only S3. 010 bales of cortoa fa 1573, as coca
pared with 777.000 bales la ths Xorih. «^>y
2T1.0M as cempared with tha Xarth's
LirtXO la XS& aad oaly 5C.330 to taa
North's 1.733.0C0 ta 13T*X was even wita
the North la IMS asd ISO*, each section
manufacturing slightly less thia2.5DC.W3
bales.— Leslie's Weekly. . ,\
Wields Great S«etal Jtad Ecoaomlc la
" fiaetce ta AVorld"» Develop
meat.
ALAMEOA COUNTY HEWS,
.COTTOX PBODCCTIO.T o
A 5 A WORLD FACTOR
Ceremony ' Held at Convent
: • of Onr Lady of the Sa- :
cred Heart.'* " *
AECHBISHOP GIVES
DEGBEES TO PUPILS
A*LAJ:i^)A. s£ty Si— Mr. ss,d ilrs. JL
H Hs^vey cf "f? Szn *cs* £vcni:€- wia
to-morrow «-ver.is.g celttrat* 1 the gorden
£.Trc:fv*-rE.2.rT cf tteij yreHizi^. They
w^re r-arr:td £t TTtruw,' llis^c-xiri, cs
I^ay ::. if It, ty the Her. J. V. Barks.
2£rs. Hir.i- Is a. ds-rg-h*"" cf tie late
Cc-!os*l 3. W- .Hawkins, w">s- cam* to
California fc If 45 £^d who was prcmi
ii*r.t!y i£ezzzi£.i~Z \u25a0vritii the e&r'y polft|cs
cf -she,, Btste. \u25a0 K% was cr,e cf I>: S. T^r
ry's s*<TDt.ds Iri tb» J^'Jt^r's historic dt«l
\u25a0wits I>Evid C^ Brod*riclq. ZZt. end Xri
Harvey have tire* chJldres. Hcratio
Zlzrr*r. iTrs. L. B. Ttelz+Vm and Fairfax
Harvey. ' f sir grandchildren and one
grts* r*"£-c"chKd. Cov-ers' win be la:d
a: tht t^ic-et to-rrcrr6w everir.? .fcr
seventy-five iniesas. \u25a0 .-.:
R*mrh G«ldra Acalv«r»&ry.
These ctrcrses form an Integral part
of the biological work at Stanford.
Xo tuition fee is charged, bat STS Is re
quired for laboratory supplies.
STANFORD UXIVERSITT. May ZX —
The nnaer work at the Hopkins Sea
side laboratory at PaciSc Grove will
begin, on Jcne S ender the direction of
Professors C H. Gilbert and O. P. Jen
kins. Professor G. C Price win have
general sapervision of the classes. The
classes offered are as follows:
Geaeral zoelagy. &Pd ta an srodeats. «3 e2e
neciarx course, by Prof exsor . Prire; aa *d
\u25a0raa«sJ Offers* ta rsolc«y. cader*«2rect2cß cr
Prafesser Prlre; pixytlolc^y «; ti« »eaiillTe cr
jra=s *Z tie tarenrt-rate*. la eharre-of Profes-
Ben Jeakia^ aad . Siesaker; \u25a0 cossfaraxrre r:s-
Frask Mace" MtFarlaad: the Kisiliraa-cfcs.- aa
advasced- eocrse.- fey Prefesscr MeFarliad. ;
Eaecial risratca ta Tb» CaS.
STA>frORI> UNTVERSITY. May £0. —
Eight Stanford students, under the dl
rectSon* of R. N. Park. '04. have begun
a. topographical survey of a large part
arfvtc**' Stanford estate. This is a ccn
tiiraattbn of the "work previously done
oa , terriiery known geograptJc&lly as
ti^jrp»Jo Alto Sheet-" It -arill re<iulre
about weeks to complete this sur
vey, end. then' maps will b£ made and
tvr&ed In to the United States Geolosi
cfel ISarvey.
v When this work Is completed the
students engaged will Join the party
cow at work making a t?arvey of th©
GaJaveras Valley. In the morntains near
\u25a02ibsmt liarnlltdn.'"" '.'
Bz-tziil IMi^fcteh ta TTa» C*Jl.
Tuition Will" Be Free, but
the Scholars Must Pay $25
v for Necessary Supplies
STUDIES AEE SPECIAL
Maps Showing Topography
of Big Tract Will Be V
. . Made.
FROM SCHOOL
TO LIFE WORK
Qasses at the Hopkins Sea
side Laboratory at Pacific
Grove to Meet in Pew Bays
STUDENTS TO SUBYEY
THE STAFFORD ISTATE
SUMMER WORK
FOR STUDENTS
OAKLAND. May 33.— The graduates I
from ihehighi schools of Oakland, Ala- i
rceda and Berkeley have been announced i
and the exercises cf graduation for the;
diaerent schools will take place next
week. In Oakland there win be a presen- ]
talion di "The Rivals" at the Macdon- 1
ough Theater on Thursday evening, with j
the f one-wing cast:
. Captain AJ»cJ=le. E.z^traf~B>sTS^y. Trraiarai
J!:K«: Sir Anibocy Absc*K*s Harold CXiTer;- 1
Falklaaa, GiranS Nye Rtetarisiia; SJr Laci-ss •
CTrirS'W. ~*Z&z*t Slooe; 80-b Acreß, Hattj- Bra- |
— Jrg^ r-i»~* .-!>->. Ij&vz. Gore; Tboesas. ly.z^M
Tioxcz L.? ijs l^Ttgctsiy FJsreacs . W««lu; J-clia.
Paitie Gackerias; Urs. italaprcp. Ims. Bra=a
l*y; Lacy, Jezaezze . Eanraxt.
The dates of ; the graduatloa exercises
and the names of the graduates of the
dlTTerent schools are:
• OakUzd Hisb School. Frliay fvealrß. Jaae
2. at Ocsuaoa sci>ool Asse=st»Sr HaU — Graia-
El«: G«se Fr*aees Baktr, Aaale Ellis Beari.
LUa WlrilTtd B&esv Jessi* Mzriil BtU. Jotn
WoJlrnra Bertef*3fi, WiidiresJ E. R. Sest. Da
vlia Szoooi SZfati, Blaacia* AJtoe Bmrm, Cc- I
c! 3 Bcyi in=a S. BrocsSer. Barbara GartMer '
Brace. Harrr Frederici Brastzg. May Barei- '<
lulier. Pert/ Termm Bsra*. Fre>da - Battoa. j
V-*rtt^ic6 Yera Cast?. iUrii Al«xasder I
Ciicitrfcr. BessJ-e IZezJieZt Ootr. iiasftry j
Sfcaae Coepaa. Bibti Itae CS^uilfT. Sttirya
L**-CsUtw, AUee Uarie nsiaey. Eti*el Dl2cn.
Dr^»i; G. Deri. Ltawoai Doii«r. Carnsll E3
btrt FiJ-ipatrici. Eari BiTtca FUtxpatrick. Leoo
Jiirica Gere. Myrti^ GtrtruZe HiH, TiDle \T.
Hkttj=c. SlUiJrtd Knzabftb Htrre*. Carrie
Etbel Haxeluae. G«orre H. HlrtcX Jessie. B.
Irrxni:. Jtsisie Ma!>>l Jaisesca. ErowrUae Ma
rie Jeaes, Weaiell Killti ixrgtr. Wllli&si Reed
K«ye». Estier C2arf-Btte La-=rpaoe. Joia Hea
rr Le-gris. Frrferlck Thcmaica Haddocks. Alice
Lcr=iH! Mirr. Beesle McttotrfH. Sdi: i. Ar.nm
JicGra-sr, Wfflitia A. . MacKw, Anna. Ireae
Meltta. Chariotte Morrisoa. Kdaa Fran
ce* Muniiin. Ariis Elizabeth
Rstis Alice NJcioJy, WlUiaia HarcJd Oiirer.
Warrea Hobart Piasbary. Girard Ky« RJca
ardtcr, ilax-wen Gr«*ne Rlcliarfpoa. J»St?t
JiL SaJiarer. Carc4 Scofey. Alice Elea.asrr SsSaa,
WUUs-a Sow^ias Esalti:. Donsthy R. SsOosxa.
Marie Jeastue Slefran. Edrar Henry Stcse,
E. B«T3jce S^rasey. Ella Wai** Tifiyer. Gladys
Visa Vle-ii. FI«r»EC« EUzabeth WeeTts. Uary
Masccne Westwocd. Robert Hewlu "WiHiasss.
C>BKiii2 Polj-lwiinic Hlrh Srbool — Tiorsflay
evenSa?. comnjoa s<*a«il, AasensbJy . Hall:
Grad'saies — AI!e« Myrtle Aircee. Fayette Har
ri«»a' Barbsma. Dora Gertrode Beraa. Mania
Ere Use Bryscs. \u25a0 Joan ' Mcsroe Craae. May
Eliaor Dcyie, Gertrode Dcacan Fta&acaa. An
»!• Lcaise Gvi&ts Jaia Clifford Harantca.
Frieda B. Hog. Stewart Cutibert Xesdall.
Bertha. Sara Krattirw. Artt'ar Max^reH ' Lar
«ea."- EeeSc* Mabel UL~ rj. Max Panl L,z<=hil,
CaKj«er H. Maeeaal*. Sadie Be3!e 'Martin. Jase
I/Vj-lf* Mclqalcsd. Eiiscr Blaacle Morraa.
Earle McCutctaa. : Si-ella Oseta XeliMsa. Kata
!e*-n Irers* Xocraa. CfcarS*s A. Ofborae. ' James !
K«^iry Parke (maasaD. FraokllE Kooaaa j
Pala>er frnaa'oal). Locy Adelaide Pamstt. Ross
Bflle. Tfclza U- B. Star*. Tracy Into . £t««r
C=*=nall/ Eaisa Chartctte Stntt . (rii^a!).
Alt*rt Henry The!** (isaaual). Kees Henaaa
Via Dai*raa. G:en Beyer Warser. Eliie! Fa>
T/nlfe. WSIh-lnj FreA-rick • Wara>wl*. \u25a0 <;.'.\u25a0 i-s-j
Berkeley Hisfa Scio&l Tscrsday tfierao-yn.
2:30 o'clock. Berkeley H!53 Srbool AiweiatJy i
HaU. Graduates: C2a?»1c«l eaurs* — £*ns Bat. I
euro, 3sf«rst.*ll Gerricr. FJor^Ece H&rd. M. Me- I
Cat*. Edia Quay. Flartaee RoiilaKJa. \Ticlfred
Aasfcrcse. HlJda AtMa*ca. Carl Bar.i. Mabel ,
BeaV Alice Bltai Arnold Cbapaita. HusreH |
Cowaa. Albert CrassSeM. Carl Cro-tfirfd. PearJ ;
Cc I*r?e. A»r«- ElUot. Myrrel Fillaaaru X\7a
ttrop Floyd, Rolaad Good&aa. Miss Hender
tua, Aaiy HoHaad. Beverly Hook. Sinh Hew
».rd.' Jesry . Jofcason." K. - Johnson. - Merraret
Reelcr, C*lla Love, Da-rida ' McCartsev. Jeaa
NlcfcoJs.AU* PaiJera. De-srey Powell TVniia=»
BresUey. . Ida RaUake. Helf a £arc*nt. . G*a«« !
Sha-n-. Hilda Tor=«?. IfcsaUd T\'*fce. Grare
\u25a0\Vey=icoth. E^eaaore While, Acnes * Wiiilss,
Eih«l TCleksoa. E*»r!e Wiley. WUiner. W!s
locke. . E-riestiSc coorse — Carl Bal3ey. Albert
BllTea. Harry BoJt. Dcaald Co^rxsHy. G*o.-re
Ectley. Wliaaa Edirards. Albert Fo«eT. Wes
ley Grljara. Ray Griasteiad. Wiiaara Ha*lanss.
Richard H«!ea, . Howard I*3*. Bertram Lsaa
tard. Raises MacFardea. Scott - Mania. : Ray
taocsd Mc^iraardt. FJetcber Moosca. " Jack- Slca
kotfliz. Garecke GrS. Fred- Platt. Harry
Rilßehardt. Roraell Richard sea. MaJecXra
Fceld. Ttaeaiaa Sxralae.' Hilda- Tbals.. Peter
TSicaspson. . Tr*& . WrJrht- - Ltalt»»d ooßrse^-
Carl All>ee,.Carl Burnett. AUc« Farcy. Alice
CToele. G*orrlana StHrrl*. \u25a0 '*
~ Alaineda • Hirt ScaocA. ; Wednesday everJas.
at \u25a0 ' tJa \u25a0 school : Graduates — Mlsre< - Fraao^s
Asiajja. Arnes Porter. Mar Reran. Edaa. Rid
ley," Grace EUi* He!es -VoJlmar. 'Alice Matrrer.
Hcpe Ccrtelyoa. '\u25a0- All?« Barringrioa. Ma-ad
FSscbrr. EtSei (TBrieji, " Adele Browa. Helea
Emits. K«*aor French.^Carrie Jefferrsn. Elisa
beth Tat«: . Messrs. Xlran ?B. S»ett. Rtnt«a
S*lSKt«ry DccElsjta Parker. G*otk« Msrw«<del.
Rsdotaa Wayßsire. Jcha •- Millar, Bea Jara'.n
Sherman. Jertssoe \u25a0 PoJltxer. ; Jos^fh E.^Keecaa. J
Lawrence Hnbbard. : Lome Headiy. > ... -. i
The; memories, of^. philosophers can
never ,'niake that . appeal ; to . popular ! in
terest; which'ls aroused by. associations
lined -.with" tbe' 1 gTeat poets.^ , It hardly
occasions "surprise, "therefore. ; that : no
suggestion.' has' been * made ? that the
bouse /"Avignon. - where* ; John ' Stuart
Mill \u25a0 spent -the last years "of his " life ; In
tra.no.ull \ retirement,: saosldi be bought
and - : preserved -.as^ a., memorial 1 of the
great, iojrlclan. s ;Since his death ; "lt« has
been th"fe;. property^ of his stepdaughter^
Miss -Helen": Taylor.' and *Is - soon to ,be
sold at auction. "It wai there he with
drew.'after f his . : constituency." had de
clined c to * return - htm /to : Parliament at
the ? general t election" In r ISSt:-~ He haa
many, of the instincts of. the recluse and
tb«sA.vJgnon? cottage provided ' the -en-
b^st calculated to stimulate
\u25a0STfdjt oster? his rextraordinary abilities.
ItTwas there - some Tof * his " best T work
"American - visitors to • Rome will b*
pleased " to learn that the high -wall
which \u25a0 has ' f been - built \u25a0' around I tho old
Protestant Cemetery will , not " much
lor. cer be allowed •to obscure the view:
of Keats* v grave, the principal object of
interest; which it contains.- An opening
is rto be \u25a0* made in 1 the wall, through
which the monument may be seen and.
in fact, a better-view.of.it obtained
than can be^ had i from \u25a0 the cemetery, It
selL .The, advertisements of an Amer
ican, linefof steamships at present dls
flgure house , where '"- Keats .died by
the^Trlnita deir Monte steps, but- they
will be got rid otlt th« present project
for the purchase of the house Is carried
OUt. " ; >.'/\u25a0:;;• -'-;\u25a0; _ '\u25a0': ..;. r / . - _•
If ~f or elgncpinipn really is th« opinion
of posterity,- \u25a0' George Moore. " like Ms
brother Celt, Bernard SJjaw, ought to be
happy. Metre's - "Evelyn InnesT and
"Sister Theresa" have just been published
In Germany ; In two - volumes, under the
common title -"Earthly . and - Heavenly
Love." and Teutonic critics consider the
heroine and Owen Asher the most artis
tic types of psychological character draw
ing since Flaubert. They say that in
them Moore has attained the -zenith of
soul analysis. ;-.-.
f GRATE OF POET KEATS.
people- You have asked: me in the char
acter, of novelist, and dramatist to open
this bazaar, and yoa will not be sur
prised If I should tell you that I have no
sympathy with the • religious people, the
good people who are denouncing the the
aier and the' cove L**
Hall Came. who has been at the Riviera
of late, arrived in London the other day
and. before returning to Manxland ac
cepted an Invitation to open a church ba
zaar Ie ' Liverpool. In dischargins: this
duty 'the novelist waxed humorous on the
utilization of- games .of chance— as raf
fles—for religions ends. He declared that
If any one' present was prompted mainly
by the. 'desire "to» win.an ything the best
thing he could do was to put oa his hat
and, go "away, but If he desrred that the
church should' win. regardless of him
self, he cculd not do better than remain.
. "I think.7 added the author, "the
church should . be very liberal In its at
titude toward the amusements of the
Chertsey. is in Surrey, and the bells of
its parish chorea are to-be mtitej for a
space because two experts from London,
having examined the frame work of the
hangings, have declared them unsafe for
the ringing of a . peaL The Chertsey
**peal" is the finest in the south of
England. The bells were last ! rehung la
IiSS, when the tenor" belL which weighs
over twenty hundredweight." was recast
at the cost of Baroness Burdett Coutls.
CAIXE TO CHURCH PEOPLE.
Rosa Hartwlck- Thorpe's famoss
poem. •-\u25a0. v "Cnrf ew Shall Not Ring To
night" was recalled to "every one yes
terday, when" It was aano&a^ed teat
the historic bells of Chertsey Parish
Church wonld be silent for a -while.
These bells, some of which are over €00
years old. comprise a peal of eight, and
It - was on -' nax&bei\ five — called the
"Abbey Bell" — that the incident Is
said to have happened which furnished
the poet with the--. original f of her fa
rslJisr lines. - - = .
Folio wing -the example of Ms Ameri
can contemporary. Mrs. C M. 'Williaai
son. William lie Qnesx Is abort to
write aa astossobile noreL To get lo
cal color for it, L« Qsesx has made a
motor toar In Eorope of over six thoa
sand miles. He is inl^aly at present.
bet meaas to come to England in Jane,
when he -will start work on his new
story. \ ,
Since his return from South Africa.
last - month. Rudyard KJpling has been
at-rßatejaan's," his Saseex home, where
he-has been occupied chiefly with , the
story whicli-he is writing for the Cen
tary. Magazine. Motoring is still his fa
vorite recreation. -and tee London "sea
son** Is likely to see little or nothing
or him. \u25a0>:, !. ': . . •' : ". i ' .: :: z^;
FAMOUS CURFEW Sn.EVT.
LONDON, Stay SO.— Several favorite
writers are now besy pattiag the fla
lshiag tocches "to works of flctloa
which cay ire expected shortly. Amoaff
these is Mrs. St. l^tger Harrlsca —
"Lacas Malet." niaess ioa Mrs. Har
rison's part has delayed the j»rogTess
of -. her. new novel, which she begaa
Eooa after "Calrcady" appeared, bet the
aatbor says It Is | now nearly fiaished
and will be ready for publicatloa oa
both sides of tee Atlantic in the early
falL It has aot beea anally caaed, as
yet. Richard Bagot. aathor of *T>oaaa
Diana," trho is Marioa Crawford's oaly
real rival la depicting Roman life for
English readers, writes from the Eter
nal City that the manuscript of his
new novel is nearly in shape for his
publishers. It Is called "The Passport, *
and both the English and American
rights have alredy been placed.
Sy(Jaey C Grier, who gave us "L£k.a
Another* Helen." also has & i new ro
mance practically completed which will
be published serially before It ap
pears in book form/ the London Gra
phic having the English rights.
Justia Himtly McCarthy Is follow
ing The Dryad" with aaotfaer rtory ia
a Eizsllar veia. It is cow over half
finished and McCarthy hopes to have it
ready for publication in the spring.
Meanwhile Hllaire - Belloc. anther of
TThe Path to- Rosie" end -"Eraniaa^el
Barden.- Merchant.** Is: working -.on a
new book dealing with Marie Antoia
ette. -Edra-oad Downey, - the veteran
psblisher. who r«»ntly .-printed his re
miniscences, is engaged on a Life of
Charles i«ver, for which he bas long
been gathering nzaterial. ; "..
Ec*cUl TMcotrh t» Tbe Can.
yacht ecatest. flr.lshed seeoad t^-airit,
alisost tweaty-tw» h»cr« beittfl ~t2f
Atlantic. Hex li=e of arrival »->«-> at
Uoyds' sisaal statics, fey Captaia Cs>«r
ptz was 7:21. Tha i:».ti boat FteU
su.de It 7:12. w23^« tie Hostanfa
«V 2 tla« was T:JS pu ra.
The yacht rrads a glartocs jictrr?
as her bowsprit passed ths lla* cf ths
Pfea lyiar head oa with the tide. Th*
settias s-sa llrhted np her spotless
eaavas as ahe swept by isuct abosx
forty feet outside the nakebo«t asd
the racer seesed ta leap as th.9 wax
ships* caaaoa booked ctzz.
TThes-wttrd was received this ssora
las; tha: the HasaSsrff waji cirhlad a*
the BcC2y T«?;b-^s. tt was caaideatly
predicted by thcs« watchlax tor th«
Jse©=±2ff yacht thai sh* wocid b« o*-«r
the 11=9 by S o'clo-it this aftersaoa.
but that ha»ai- -passed wita =a riya -ot
her appcarasee. Tie CaS-Hcrals
yacht AiexxsdrSa srartad »es.w«f4
abort 4 o'clock ta lock far her. tost
had crslsed a early eiriu =He» ess \u25a0^\u2666>
fere It sade her cri ta tt» «2ss. At
this tir:* a £s« radas brees* waji
blowing, itzz tie Eastb-ry wHa s«r
s luar e aail set ia. £rcat «f th* - £tSr»
g.s.rt, evldeatly was g-itiir^ ef t£.
By <:« o'clock ths wlad tz£L Sr«fi«Bs.«s
a bit. aad the ~gf»— v-r-y'a baUooa J&
bellied «et b*aatiisHy, sad th» *o&1b
ta her ss^=sr« s&H.
A traarp steazaahrp pa-wteg -erst sii
rated »ita her xMBh tafl t SriEtsa
cruiser golas wesx dipped, her fiajr .ts
thrf Haatoars. Tie cre-w d rb* ?£q2l
erowdeid t» the bows -*r^s TrT* 1 -"^^*? i£±t»
bow of the Hs-i'^g ca=ae ±a 2tae, c.
raa was £r«d whila th« stilrr* fas Xas
Pfeil cheered fcstily. asd ta« errw las
th« Hasbsrs respc=ied w±m cheers.
Ths- rarer pcllsd £sv3 th* Gerssaa
flas 1 frcra the p«ak aad raised it, ar^.ta
asd the deep throated Soshora as ta*
Tirard sozaded a c:-=;lirs*at sot 'paid
yesterday.
There is a raaser ot a race* back be
tween the Aasericaa yachts co=^e£ias
la the ecatest.
THE T.T7ARP. May M,— Cader ts£l
sail, with her splaaaker aad baitooa J2>
bellldd well c-:, th* H«=bsrg. ti»
oaly Gerraaa represealatrr* Is ths
SAX MATEO. May 10.— Th» Friday
Whist aab will hold Its aaasal tosraa
rseat oa Friday eveaia^ aext at
Fro«bel HaS. Oae lr=adred cf the
crack whlrt players of the towa" have
catered the coatest. Eaveral prlxes of
coasiderable valae will be awarded to
the victors aad the toaraey wEI M
followed by a baaqnet.
Whist has had s^«at vogae here this
season, aad the toaraasaeat Is deslgaed.
to "-afford aa opportaaity to the best
players of all the assoclatloas to
deaoastrate their skllL The coaila?
event la attractlag lanch taterest
aaong the social set of the towa.
pr.rt'. c:-; T^st o PywtTierUa. <i: Firrt
Cirt tri Brocfclr= Pr*»tTt«ri*z.». CS; tia West
r.j til cicr=£*» 'Oil^trT BajCK. Cslae
•— w"tt>'y after the tics* cf the T*
vtvtls i. series =»<ticEs wej? heii la
Vest Os-fcltal unier the d^ecrica cf.the
pasters cf the fc-=r chrsches cf that sec
tira of the dry." The Rev. I>wlrht E.-
Pc-tter was the crigtaatcr . cf th!s ptaa
fcr a eeccaiary revival tad the rccoess
cf the vear=re is largely da* ta his ef
fens.. Th* pasters cf the ehurctes were
tS2ls:td 1^ ttm wcrk ty th 4 Bat. Philo
T. Pielps tr.2 the resell cCf tie =e»cirgT
hi« =.cr* thac ;asr!sed-the wcrs cf car
ry'-zs laeai ca. » °
The H«t. I>wij-ht •- E. Patter has Jast
7r»jpc!S*-i that a Blt!e class be c?e%a!zed
tzr.c^j? rhe e=7!cyes cf the rtliro&i yurCs
£^:i tie rlz^ i^s E3 far raet wiih, rp op
pOßiloa. - .
OA2ULN"D. Hay C— After payia^ a3
the expeases cf the reoeat evarr«-istlo
r *"~r*'f- — this dry. the executive ccsa
rr.:tte« ta whs*e hf.nca Eli the frais ware
placed reports a balaace d ZTL. The to
tai ec-ected fcr theexpeaxes cf th« re
rirals wu CCC aad cf this C=U was
experied. '•:.,: *;.- :\u25a0•-\u25a0.-
S. iL Oodre. treasurer cf tha exec=Sv«
\u25a0" — — '••>*, 'was sr,itMe ts ccr=a!ete ais
repcrt etriltr owiar ,ts a .delay Sa the re
ceipt cf »C2S* cf the bOla, This report
does rot tac^de the .fr*e-w^l cSeriafS
ta the evaacelins ar3 the exact azaocat
ct these is act fcaswa. tit it is esiSaated
at abcr.t XS&. Th« balaace now la the
>\u25a0*-*« cf the trecutivft ci~—'."t^ wCI be
•^»ci to pay the sextsas cf terse cf th«
churches fcr extra work perfenaed £sr
irx the mrrrsls.
A c&rvacs shows that as a res=i: cf the
evar^e— ttiz c&fapaisa there- hx» beea aa
iarre**« cf B» rseaibers la the chcrche*
la which the rrrrrtls were held. The la
cr»as« is as fellows:
Hereafier t!l tickets will be collected
by coadnctcrs after Isavlsg last statioa
belofe the pier. Tickets mast be thowa
•toltJse gaxesaaa &*' : at vpre»ei^.:.bat cora
xa^tatiGii beokawlll have two tickets for
each day. which wfll be collected by the
traia consfactcr.
Berkeley service vTH be frcai S:S a. ra.
tEI "7^6 p. ra- oa twenty-aiiante schedule
aad /.Iroaj" then tin 13 :f* o= f crty-tciazie
serrlce. " "Wt-st Berkeley, passeagers will
ch&age at : Shefl'2a:ooad..' \u25a0 '\u25a0
The first j trsia . jwffl leave Park street,
A!azs*e<£a. : at s^i with tweaty-ndatste ser
vJee-tm f.U a. za., forty|<nisst« till 3:t4
p. I eC. : " whea ' the twexty-ialaate \u25a0 service
win begin aad coatiaoe tEI I:©*: after that
tralas wfll leave every forty talactes US
1134: a,; a.- _, . ..:.-- \u25a0-. \u25a0 \u25a0• \u25a0\u25a0 ' ; .
Boats leave Stn rraadsco frosa Is. n,
to ; 7 p. in.' ca tweaty-iaiaate schedule,
after which ca forty-nsnet* tine till 1:38
a, is. First trala will leave FnHtvale at
SJ9 a. za.. the next at 1:41 a. m. a&d coa
tlzra* on a . tweaty-ralaate «taedri!e tSU
TdBL p. a., after which they leave at <:4>.
S^l cad exery forty xaiaatea till 11^1
p, ' d. The tfaav at feres thaad Broad
way is tiirteea lalCßtes later thaa at
Fndtrale.
| OAXL^N~>, May 30.— C&acses as fel
lows wia' take place ba the Sxithera
Pirtfte tralas usii:g- tha Gakla&d, zaole
wh«a"tS»"aew •chefisl© coca lato'efflect ca
J=ae Xr??;*^ »^v ; i?
t^ecii: Dispat=a a Tii Ca3.
Tie Voters* L-eas^e was £r«t tirxtr.'i
ty the Her. Uses B. Flsaer. pastor of
the Oak Chapel Cnasresatloaal Chsrch
la Ple&SKJat. who Is caea cf the raost
earsext workers cf the Pledaioat laa
prcveajeat CJaa. Ur. Fisher has beca a
cicc« cbeerver cf the work of th« rcters*
les^ea cf ChJcaxo aa4 ether larr* dtSes
cf the East, where, thrcash the laSueaee
cf these ersaaizatlcas, ssach of the cor
r=~!oa la peptics has beea dese aw»y
with.
The raethod aficpt*d fey these voters*
>irj« Is ts larestlcate th* reccrfis cf
=ata merticreiS as caaildates for pshSc
cficss. aas the- befsre the elecaea. to
— *y& thest records, whether they be
rood cr ctherwise. pcbllc. that the voters
cf the city say kacw the character cf
the zaea for whera they are asked to
rcte. By this r=ea*is =sea who hare cace
betrayed p^b^c trust are kept froai
agala erteriar. the race cf poßrlcs
thrcrgt fear cf cxpotr^e.
la discusriar the plaa the Eer. iC2e»
B-FSsher said: ; ; i
I t*xe t*i tat Et«» O» A' ' lr Si tfc* »«*
c? frrAjry a :-^r=? la O***.*n£. Mtnffggh It
Sa^h i r-Btt^e tfacrasa t>» ai»2tcl«iT =*»-
ari :-.s crSocn sicsJd be r=ea cf
trre^rc*ris.l»> ci^rnrrer. I rec*=tiy re^elrei
a Urrsr ir:3c th« r-*-»i-^-»-» cf tie Vcttrs"
l<eefc-=e Is Ci.icitr. »n3 I ;«&r=»4 fruea Jiiia
tiit •» rtrcces b*« tfaa i«*4^* b«e=s« ta
tixr err thil iefcr»..tb«. itn. t>;iS:- ti«
*fSser» tni tii^iS for «a «xir«slea cf
c-tria t«- .ts» ib» ;rcpaf*i casiiiart* l«*are
tiiir cz^ies •»"erf ;U.»J cs tt* tidcei* 1
ft*: csei^est tiii »r=cij es crCT^ixaitoo wSI
b»-rcr=jed **rt.T* tb* next cleetiso.
OJLKLAXD, 3£ay Sl— Befcre th» tS=»
rrr the cext e^ectlsa la Alszaeda Cocatr
there wia i* forai !a this dty aa cr-
Cir'xsriff.-; which It Is hoped w2l cxart
a- yrxzritl la^ceac* la A^artrfs Ccssty
poetics. Pre2i=laary rteps fsr the er
gaalzatiea ef tab tody, which w2l b«
kaowa as eh« Votars* L<e&r=e of Oslrtanfl.
ar« row beia^ takea by the zaezabers of
the Pledjaost I>lrtrtet I=pror«aeat C2=b.
koS It Is she lateattoa to perfect the or
rar'ci^sa ta Hzz£ for th» coTr.trg elec
tlra. which takes place la NoTtrsber.
OAZULNZ>. May ».— la * test that U
rift of tackj ca an cpea let m Ft-dt
vaJe, with net enough ctothea to keep
them minx, .Ht c Jamea FUhburn ani
f »-•"">•< **i*-a wzjltt x'^z-z staring the=a ia
th* faca.,
I.4iiri week F*ji h£ "zrz. vu a psatperosa
Jeweler, who had a cemf enable, though
«*"«. beet {2 Upper yruJtvale. Oa Fri
day eveninx at * o'clock hU btae and Ms
all were swept away by fire. He and his
fas-Sy baxely escaped with their Uvea.
i All , he possessed : was ' Earned, his tocls
i were lost and the savizx/s of his Ufc urn»
I nrept away. Even cJathlng cf th* entire
; family was lost.
. Whea the firs had passed Fishbura
t cund himself . and -- Ms : - family without
ceens cf Income cr clothing to wear. H*
' got seiae sacks tra: different places \u25a0la
; the neighborhood and meTigged to i buSd
!.a ir-ir*l teat, in which he stakes his home.
! "With this sact shelter he Is faring life
wither: means of income and with a
I f»rr.!3y that is £adrx srarratkta. : .
The fraS hcaeot the caf crtcaate faza
fly Is la Upper FrcJtvale. near Diracad
Postodce, ca Ohio street aear School
street.
ErtctC CtiCt t» T±» CaS asd X*v Tar* Bar>
ali- CosT?l«it. ISQB. fey IS* S*w Tart Her-
Hall Came Speaks in Hum
orous Vein at Opening of
Liverpool Church Bazaar
3£eans of Livelihood Gone
and Starvation Is Now
Before the Unfortunates
ilore Than Five Hundred
Join Churches After At
tending Recent Meetings
Those Interested Hope to
Perfect Arrangements Be
fore the Xext Election
Berkeley and Alaineda Will
Also Get More Numerous
Connections With Ferry
for Its Coming Tournament
Friday Club Has a List
of One Hundred Entries
Talk of a Race Back From
the Other Side Between
Competing American Boats
RESULT 13 GRATIFYING
WILL IMPROVE SERVICE
WILL SOON BE FORMED
TOOLS ARE DESTROYED
RUDYAED KIPLING
AT SUSSEX HOME
PLAYEBS ARE NU3IEKOUS
CHEEKED AT THE FINISH
Balance Bemains. After Pay
ing All Expenses of the
Evangelistic Campaign
James Fishburn and Family
Left in Unhappy Plight
by Loss of Home by Fire
Twenty-Minute Schedule* to
Oakland Will Commence
on f First Day of June
Popular "Writers"' in England
Putting Finishing Touches
on Toliinies for the Fall
Devotees of the Fascinating
Game Arrange Contests foT
Several Valuable Prizes
Oakland Clergyman Suggests
Organization Which Shall
Work for Political Purity
Hamburg Completes Course
Across Ocean Twenty-Two
; Hours Behind the Atlantic
PROFITS COME
FROM REVIVAL
PLAN TO AID
CITY VOTERS
LIVE IN TENT
MADE OF SACKS
THREE TRAINS
EVERY HOUR
AUTHORS BUSY
ON NEW BOOKS
WHIST TOURNEY
IN SAN MATEO
GERMAN YACHT
REACHES MARK
NEWS OF THE COUNTRIES ABOUT THE BAY
THE SAN FRAXCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 31, 1905.
In Saxony no one ts - permuted to
shoe - borces " übl ess -h« has Xtt&sfrd *
public examination and Is prorverly
qu&lined. '"\u25a0- - *
4
Ia Dark as to Injnrir»,
OAKUAXD, Sl&y S3-— Samuel Levy,
who was found last night seriously in
jured on the broad-gatige mole, was re
moved to-d^y to the County Hosplt-aL
Be told th£ Receiving Hospital attead
tr.fcs before his departure that he h?fl
beea drinking heavily and did pot know
bow he had be« 3 hurt.* L<evy was either
\u25a0track by * tra^a while wandering: on
the tracks cr fell from a train. Xo one
tK.-ec.red at the hospital to Identify
tim. ' r 'V:-
iß^^^S lots m
r BERKELEY!
\?J Most beactifal upland residence
pzrk will be placed oa sale- to-mor-
row. Prices range from $250 to $750 .
for lots 50x135. Yoa pay a quarter
down to begin with and have three v
jears to dear cp the balance. That's
easier than rent, tenfold better than
\u25a0 a savings bank, and the lot is all
' yocr own, to bcild on or sell, from
\ " th? start.
I Fcr n:sps and prices write or sec ;
I S!^ RlMfl^fflDlimEtOMPMriS^SSiiS'j;•/^- ft" White Toilers.
' VANCOUVER. 1 May 30^The \u25a0'All-Ameri-'
can - LeagVe\was > organized ,; at Vacaville
\u25a0recently •' withVa ; charter membership -of
ninety-eight. -The ~ organizer 1 . was ?F.r W.
Osgood/.S The temporary, officers are:- I*
t," Head;> president : ,r, r G. J. 1 Johnson, -. vice
president ; ,W." B. Strbud, secretary : \l^\u25a0 W:
Head. 'Allie Pyle. ', R: Wren. J. Morrison
and;tf.i More?, executive board. The league
is organized to crush'out Mongolian laborj
In? the > United States.vAny/Amerlcandtl
zen *Isf el lglblel to membership, jsa^gaaaiffiw
V? Thai league * has \u25a0 a \ free i labor ; bureau ) at t
-Vacavllle f and {will = establish : one \u25a0 at : Grid-^
CltUens ot yacavllle Form an Organl
\u25a0 ..iatisi^for/the' Protection of
ELECTRIC CAR'KILLS - A.' MAN
J AND i A TEAM OF HORSES
ALL-AMERICAN LEAGUE
: ' "-: OPPOiBES V MONG OLI AN LABOR
--RENO, May 30— A number of Reno cap
italists." headed, according to • report, by
R W'Parrj' a prominent citizen of Reno,
intend to bore for artesian water in Warm
Springs -Valley, about fifteen miles north
of : this 'city^ If I they are successful in
; their, search \ for ; water they will start a
large* Welsh "colony.
: ; The valley ; is ; : about : twenty-five miles
long and fifteen miles wide and the soil; Is
very fertile. There is every Indication
thatiwater will bbe: found: in sufficient
quantities ~; to \ irrigate \u0084 the valley.
If successful lin • their venture the >\u25a0 Reno
"citizens Intend Ub offer inducements i .to
Colonists -from Wales ta \ come to this
country. ;
The failure fof, the Union Workingmen's
Co-operative Company grocery L store,: on
Ninth street, comes as a hard blow to the
profit-sharing : stockholders 'and to UAhe
labor , unions -that arc -interested -to the
extent 7 of- $8000.. The" plan on '• which the
store' was- 'conducted originated /'with
Richard -.Cornelius 'and "the
Roachdale I system." ;Even though lit .was
a store: fostered \u25a0.;^ by ; the labor • unions,'
there '; same .^unions caused ) Its* downfall.'
Besides doing,: a~ ; regular : grocery.;buslT
ness.^ the] company, sold milk tat : a" price
lower \u25a0thanVcharged; by Jthevmilki trust, 1
which if resulted ''_ in : ; : a"V; threatened H; boy
cott.of the store.by the^unlon. employes
of 1 the:^Dalrymen'sj Association.' .vr Final
ly attachments '• were ; levied ;'.; '. on 'j thqp
stbck'to - satisfy i demands •; of : anxious
creditors' and. the ''store' will now 1 be
sold. * •;-.\u25a0";''.:. _ \u25a0^'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. \ .;.- ; -y ? '-' \u25a0 \u25a0
Co-operative . Store Falls.
; MARYSVILLE,' May 30. — Perry Mc-
Morris, a laborer, died in the City
Prison early- this morning and the ar
rest 'of Fred Peardon. a bartender, on
a charge of murder may result. Mc-
Morris -created ; a disturbance: in a sa
loon Sunday: night and Peardon ejected
him.;- He. returned and; wa3 again eject
ed, this. time more forcibly,' upon .which
he stabbed Peardon ; in .the hand with
a pocket-knife. ;"• Though badly cut,
Peardon knocked; McMorris down.
The autopsy to-day showed that Mc-
Morris', : death ' was, caused by;:a;frac
tured skull, ; evidently 'caused by his
head coming in contact with the pave-,
ment.?- *:".':.- : ; v,V' - « ' ;. ' \u25a0 .' ~ ; . ! *;-'".
Fractured Skull < Causes Death of Ulan
Who Created a Disturbance
In a Saloon.
Reno vCaptalists" Behind a
Scheme to Bring Welsh
men to Sagebrush State.
LABORER KNOCKED DO. *X
BY BARTENDER DIES IN JAIL
i SANTA BARBARA, May 30.— Thomas
Thurmond of. Carplnteria was accidental
ly shot to-day while "but with a hunting
party near, that town. •/ Lourle \u25a0 Doerr,
about IS • years of age, was \ loading a
shotgun and the ' gun .was accidentally
discharged. ' the full charge entering
Thurmond's right side.
Thurmond is the son of J. R. Thur
mond, a farmer. • The young man was
married about' three months : ago. It cartr
not be told for.-' a; time whether his ln T
Juries will \ terminate , fatally} . •i ' .' - ;
Charge of , Shot ' Pierce* • the Side of
Young -Son of- n 'Santa
- . ' Barbara Farmer. - ,
WILL START COLONY
; IF WATER IS FOUND
CARELESSLY HAXDLES GTJX
AND WOUNDS COMPANION
REDDING. May 30.— The second electri
cal storm of this week raged yesterday in
the Clover Creek section east of Redding.
Thomas Heryford and his hired man tied
a cow. to the side, of a barn andwent In
to prevent the horses stampeding. While
they were gone a bolt of: lightning struck
the cow; killing her instantly. Another
bolt demolished a. fence. The men were
stunned lor a time, -but recovered. •
Fierce Electrical Storm East
of Redding Causes Con
siderable Damage.
BOLT FROM SKY STUNS
MEN AND KILLS COWS
The road is now being extended Into the
Carson Valley to tap a large agriculture
country. It is at present the main outlet
of the Tonopah and Goldfleld country and
13 one of the best paying lines on the
coast. )^i^rQ'-- '*'!:.-'\u25a0
RENO, May 30.— H. M. Terington, sec
retary of the Virginia and Truckee Rail
road, has issued a call for all of the
stockholders of the road to attend a meet
ing at Carson City on June 24 and ar
range for the sale of the road to another
corporation. ;It is supposed that the
Southern Pacific " Company is after the
line.
Rumor Has It That the
Southern Pacific Will
Purchase Road.
VIRGINIA AND TRUCKEE
' LINE IS TO BE SOLD
- & The Christian . churches'* of this \ city
havo begun active preparations *t of the
entertainment of the fifty : slxth annual
international missionary convention /of
the Christian, churches of the world,'
which will be held in San, Francisco ; on
the days of August 17-24, inclusive. - ,
. The West. Side Christian Church,- un
der the leadership of tne pastor, Rev.
Walter M. -White, has taken thfe fore in
the work .of • arousing- interest in ; the
coining assemblage among the different
cities of the Pacific Coast. : At- a t meet
ing 'of the committee on arrangements,
held last night it. was decided to. hold a
meeting of ! Interested \u0084 members of
the church in some downtown restaur-;
ant : during the next two -weeks, -with"
the object of increasing the interest al
ready manifested in' San Francisco.
The August convention £ has. . been
widely advertised' "through the- East
both by the Christian church;, papers
and by the California Promotion Com
mittee, which : has taken a lively inter
est in the project. From recent East
ern reports it seems that the minimum
attendance -will be-about ten .thousand
people, including many foreign and do
mestic missionaries. From ; cities *: of
California \u25a0 whole -churches have prom
ised to be represented by afull attend
ance of their roll,- and they have en
gaged" apartment houses: so that" they
may be-near. together during; the con
vention. Vacaville and Napa were Ithe
first churches to send notice that they
would be represented by their full con
gregations.
The con\'ention will begiven over to
a conference on missionary . subjects.
Speeches will be made by famous mis
sionaries from all over, the world., Sep
arate days . will be given Jto the three di
visions of the Christian church'mission
aries, the : Foreign Christian Missionary
Society, > the American Christian Mis
sionary Society and the\Chr!stian Wo-,
man's Board of Missions/and their. aux- :
iliaries. The committees in charge are
as follows: j Publicity, P. C. ; McFarland,
Alameda; pulpit" supply, E. W. Darstj
Berkeley; reception,' and entertainment;
F.'.'S.j Ford; finance.; A. , C.\ McKeever,
Fresno;lreligious exhibits, A. M. Elston';
registration and badges, ;H. D.'McAne
ney Losi.Gatos; programmes, George C
Hubbard;' music, Dr. R.~ l. . Ri?don;
halls. Dr. 1 J. M. Read; transportation!
Professor Hiram Van Kirk, Berkeley
ushers, Professor H. C. Ingram, Oak
land; information and State exhibits,'- J.
P. Dargitz, Acampo.- > /
Fifty-Sixth Annual Christian
Missionary Assembly Will
"Be Held in San Francisco
TACOMA, May 30.— The farmers of the
Palouse district are building a railroad
more than, twenty miles long connecting
Colfax on the Oregon Railroad and Navi-,
gation road with alouseon the Northern
Pacific. The people of these towns and
the surrounding country' have long agi
tated the. building of the line." As neither
of the big roads would invade each other's
territory the farmers organized a com
pany and 4 began the construction: The
grading is three-fourths completed/ Rails,
ties and gasoline motor cars' have been
ordered. •• _-'r },\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0 _'''."V1
Special Dispatch .to The Call.
START PLANS
OF CONVENTION
Tire of Waiting for T.wo Big
Corporations to Construct I-
Tiinp
FARMERS OF NORTH
Si BUILDING RAILROAD
This morning addresses were delivered
by Rev. J. Partridge of Petaluma, Rev.
William Swan end Bishop Moreland. The
Invitation extenfled to the deanery, to hold
the next annual session- at , Petaluma
probably will be accepted. , , -
NAPA, May 30. — The fourth annual con-:
ference of the Sonoma Deanery'compris
ing the Episcopal churches , of Napa,-So
noma, Solano, Mendocino and Lake^ coun
ties was in session last night, and to-day
in St. Mary's Church in Napa. Bishop
William H. Moreland of Sacramento pre
sided. .Addresses were • delivered last
night by Rev., R. L. Macfarlane of Valr
lejo. Rev. George E. Swan of Sacramento
and Rev. W. I* Clark of Benlcla.
Fourth Annual Conference
of the Sonoma Deanery
IS JLldvl. '
EPISCOPAL DIVINES -
ASSEMBLE IN NAPA
underground wires
•;tn t the garden city
Officials Will. Demand Re
moval of All Unsightly
Poles From Streets.
Special Dispatch to Tba Call.
SAN JOSE. May 20.— San Jose Is pre
paring- to abolish telegraph, telephone
and e.ectric light wires from the streets
In the business center and compel the
companies to place the wires, under
ground. The Police and Fire Commis
sion has had this matter under consider
ation for some time, and It Is said that
action looking to this end will be taken
at the next meeting of the board-
It Is claimed That the poles are un
fiphtly and that the overhead wires are
dangerous In the event of fires. Plans
arid -specifications for the placing of wires
underground have been completed. • The
authorities propose by the" end of the
year to have all the wires underground,
v»ihch will materially add' to the beauty
of tbe city.
ACCIDENT TO GRAVEL
CAE DELAYS TRAFFIC
SACRAMEXTO. May SO.— E. J. Smith,
the defaulting tax collector of San Frah
clsco, was placed in the penitentiary
at Folsom to-night, to begin his ten
year sentence. He was given a "receiv
ing suit," which bore little resemblance
to the jaun'.y, tailor-made garb he wore
when he reached Sacramento at noon, ten
route to the prison. He stepped out' of
the private compartment In the Overland
Limited, which is made up exclusively
of parlor car passengers, and as '••he
walked along with a small grip in his
hand, he looked more- like a well-to-do
tourist than a convict. Even the sheriff's
deputies, who accompanied him, seemed
to be impressed with the idea that they
were the traveling companions of a dis
tinguished Individual, rather than' his
keepers. They accompanied him to"- the
depot grill, where Smith ate a hearty
luncheon.
A newspaper man approached him and
asked him if he had a pleasant Journey
from San Francisco. "Oh, yes," replied
Smith, "I enjoyed my trip to-day, <but I
think I shall enjoy the return trip more.
Do you know, I do not realize yet where
I am going, but one thing is certain,
when I do reach my destination news
paper reporters will trouble me no more.
Now." added Smith grandly, "you run
along and leave me alone." l »'
Smith continued to give his directions
for the last meal he will order from a
menu card for a long time. t
Smith was obliged to divest himself of
his fine clothes at the prison for one of
the several "receiving suits" . that, are
kept there to accommodate the /new
comers until theyi are duly j fitted to
stripes. To-morrow he will be measured
by the Bertlllon system, his hair will be
cropped and he will be accommodated to
a convict suit that meanwhile will be se
lected for him.
Warden Yell said to-night that Smith
would be treated in all respects like an
ordinary prisoner. ' He said . there -Is a
rule at the prison against permitting a
convict to be specially photographed or
otherwise singled out , for treatment not
accorded his fellow prisoners, -and -that
this rule would be enforced st/ictly with
respect to Smith. • • \u25a0> '\u25a0 *
"When a man comes here," said the
Warden, "he loses - his former identity.
He becomes a number, that's all. I shall
treat Smith as I treat any ordinary pris
oner.' They are ali-on an equality here."
In a few days Smith's photograph will
Tie prepared and be sent to the various
Chiefs of Police and Sheriffs according to
custom. :~-"J"
Excursionists From Santa
Cruz Mountains Held ; at
Campbell for Hours.
SMILES AS HE DEPARTS.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN JOSE. May 30.— A car of a gravel
train Jumped the track and overturned at
Campbell at 6:30 this evening, blocking
traffic for more than two hours. The
broad gauge passenger train from San
Francisco and the narrow gauge pasCnger
for San Francisco were delayed. Several
excursion ' trains from the . Santa Cruz
Mountains were also stopped.
A rumor spread about this city that a
passenger train was wrecked and caused
much excitement. A wrecking crew from
this cfty cleared the track. No one was
hurt. A broken wheel is said to have
caused the wreck.
THREE CHILDEE.V POISOXED
BY CAXDY SOLD BY PEDDLER
Tito of the Little Ones Are Lying at
Point of Death and the Other C.':
la Recovering.
RENO, May 30.— As the result of eating
poisoned candy purchased from a travel
ing candy merchant, Edna and Delia
Austin, the little children of Edward
Austin, formerly of Fresno, are now
lyinc at the point of death at their home
.in this city. Little Dorothea Pritchard,
who also partook of the candy, is quite
sick, but the ! doctors say she will re
cover. The children were playing in the
street when the peddler approached them
and offered the candy for sale.
Smallpox In Altara*.
SACRAMENTO, May 30.— Dr. Briggs of
the State Board of Health, and Dr. W. J.
Hanna of this city sent by express yes
terday a quantity of vaccine points and
instructed the Atluras authorities to
quarantine all smallpox cases. This ac
tion followed the receipt of a report that
smallpox was raging near the Oregon
line.
Defaulter Enter* Hack Provided for
Htm With Grin on His Face.
.With a Joke on his lips Edward :J.
Smith, the defaulting Tax Collector, wis
taken from the County Jail yesterday
morning -to begin his journey to Folso&a,
where he must serve a ten-year sentence.
In the face of the punishment that the
law has meted out to him -the thieving
official' wasc as gay as on the night
when he had the last carouse with Leona
Brooks. '. * <<*:"
He Jested with Chief. Jailer Coyle and
as he. walked into the street to the hack
with Deputy- Sheriff Thomas Wheelan he
laughed as though all /his troubles were
over. v" V-;
"The prize animal -is, going to leave
them," he said. He was taken to Folsom
on a limited train. The defaulting Tax
Collector . was not handcuffed, but was
treated with the same extraordinary con
sideration that was shown him by the
police. i
Smith conducted himself throughout as
though he was still | the successful poli
tician.- Self -admitted thief though he was
he attempted to assume the attitude Jof
one who had failed in the manipulation
of money that was his own. "I feel fine
this mornine," he said.
Once a shadow crossed the criminal's
face. It was when he thought of the
home he had blasted. He held' a short
whispered conversation with his friend
R. E. Dunn. To this man It is believed
that he entrusted his last message "to
his invalid wife and his child on Fair
Oaks street. ;
Smith goes to the penitentiary alone,
though Foreman Andrews and other
members of the Grand Jury are certain
that he was only one of a ring. T"he
Grand Jury Investigations will be re
sumed to-day and Andrews declares that
he and his fellow jurors will leave jno
stone unturned until Smith's co-conspir
ators are behind .the bars with him.
LAND OF THE INDIANS.
JUMPED BY WHITES
Native Chief Complains
Fairbanks Judge and Suit
Is Filed.
Bpe&al Dispatch to Th« CalL
TACOMA, May 30.— Six hundred stam
peders from Fairbanks have settled along
the Tenderfoot Little Delta and Big Delta
creeks. The town of Little Delta has
been established adjoining an Indian vil
lage. The first white comers . bargained
with the Indians for their land; the, later,
arrivals staked what land they wanted.
Some pieces of. land have, been Jumped
and restaked until the Indians found.thelr,
best land all taken. Chief Jarvis saw his
people were getting the worst of the bar
gain and went before Judge Wickersham,
at Fairbanks. Federal Attorney Harlan"
has accordingly filed a suit against the
alleged Jumpers. r .'• . • •, ,'. ,
The natives sold the land to the whites
for any. sum offered, ; from fifty < cents to
five dollars, telling • the whites : to > help
themselves. Some of the natives sold. their
land over and over, greeting all pur
chasers with' a bland smile....
CHRISTIAN ENDI2AVOREnS; .
• IW . COWENTIOX AT . SOQUEX
One Hundred Delegate* . Front' Various
Parts* of . Santa *Cr v* " Co'naty
In Attendance.
SANTA CRUZ. May, 30.-i-The/ Chris
tian Endeavor . county convention, held
at the Congregational church in! Soquel
to-day was one of. the largest and most
enthusiastic In years, .100;; delegates, at
tending. This , morning ; there was "a*
praise, service . led . by , Lee^Tibballs. '.; An
address. of welcome wasi delivered" by
Rev. F. F. Pearce. ,William> F.- Miller
responded. A Junior, hour; was conduct-.
Ed . by. State Superintendent of .'Junior
Work Miss Amelia Kuhlltz.
Cln • the i evening;' Rev. ; E. l'. C. \ Phillis
preached ', the>, convention . sermon
Miss. Beever of Santa Cruz led'thede
votlons . \
It appears that Luther Jewell when he
left on a three days' prospecting trip dur
ing the early part of the" present month
lost his way and wandered some miles
to the camD where-he was; found. He
had been unable to make .his way, back
to Magdalena. His continued i absence
and the mystery of his whereabouts
caused a search' to be instituted. ' \u0084'\u25a0.•
SAN DIEGO, May 30.— According to a
message received to-day by I* M. Mills
from Colonel. Fred Jewell, the latter's
brother, Luther H/ Jewell has been found
at a small mining camp some distance
from Magdalena In the State of Sonora,
Mexico. ;\u25a0'\u25a0 • \u25a0\u25a0 - \u25a0 ; .; 'f:^?-'S'X--i^'<
ASTORIA. May SO.— Three young per
6ons met violent deaths "in or near As
toria., to-day. Two were drowned and
one was killed by a falling tree.
The drowniiis accident was unusually
sad. A- party of young persons, among
them Sirs. Ann Seabors:. her daughter
Am. her son George, Robert Broom and
* Mr. and Mrs. Martin Olsen went to
Greenwood Cemetery In a pleasure boat
to decorate the graves of friends. On
the. return the boat was struck by a
. sweU In Young's Bay. Miss Seaborg was
thrown overboard. Broom Jumped after
her, but no sooner reached her than both
disappeared and did not again come to
the surface. The young woman was 21
'years old and Broom 23 years old.
Frank Clapshaw, who was falling tim
ber" near her, was .struck on the head by
; a< timber. . His skull was crushed.
Judge H.H. Pierce of Los Angeles, fa
miliarly : known' in the southern part of
the State a3 the "Marrying Justice," and
his bride of a few days are among tTie
latest arrivals at the Palace Hotel. TSe
bridal couple came north Monday and ex
pect to leave to-day for ; Portland, where
they will visit the Lewis and Clark , Ex
position and later extend their, honey
moon trip through the Northwest.
The aged jurist, ; who is ' many years
older than his bride, was quietly married
to Miss . Nellie May Allie . in Los Angeles
last Wednesday and ; immediately v: after
the wedding ceremony the happy, couple
started for this city, making;; stops "at
Santa* Barbara and "San Jose. .His mar
riagewas-a surprise-to the * majority' of
the Judge's friends, who were inclined
to believe that he was contented with
marrying others, a duty, he has per
formed for years in .the .south and in
which .he. made a record.'
In the absence of h.er husband yester
day. Mrs. Pierce declined; to : discuss her
matrimonial affairs as she courteously
remarked with a smile, "There is nothing
strange about the affair. We, have been
married and that is all there is about it"
si'Yes.i'l'm married,", Vsaid the Judge a
little later, "and .we are now on our hon
eymoon.: We're: going to; Portland^ and
will return . to Los Angeles when we feel
so disposed." And a broad smile.illumi
nated his usually stern \ countenance as
he bade adieu to his interviewer and pro
ceeded to ''join the lonely \u25a0'. Mrs. Pierce,
who was impatiently awaiting his return.
During his many years' experience 'as
a marrying Justice in Los Angeles Judge
Pierce stubbornly- refused : to . demand of
brides a promise to ;"obey" when per
forming the marriage ceremony. At his
own wedding last Wednesday, at which
Rev. Hugh K. Walker ; officiated, tne
pledge was exacted from his bride, how
ever, before the . happy groom realized
that a departure had been made from his
own form of nuptial ceremony. But this
fact has -in no way-? marreU ' the honey
moon of the Judge and his young bride,
as is evidenced in their noticeable con
tentment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dlap»tch to Th« Call.
Missing Man Is Found at
Mexican Mining Camp in
Neighborhood of Magdalena
Sad Fate Overtakes a Party
Returning From Cemetery
Near Astoria in a Yacht
They Are on Their Way to
Portland to Spend . Their
Honeymoon at Exposition
Warden Declares That Thief
Will Not Be Granted Any
Favors While a Prisoner
VICTIMS - WERE YOUNG
MEASURED FOR STRIPES
WANDERED OFF TRAIL
REGISTERED AT PALACE
Defaulter Beaches Folsom,
Where He Is Compelled to
Put on a "Beceiving Suit"
Two.iire Dro^iied and the
-.Third Is Killed by Being
Stnick by a Falling Tree
f \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 -' \u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0
Colonel -Jewell of San -3)ieg;o
Locates Eelative AVlio Dis
appeared a Few Weeks Ago
Judge Pierce. Known in the
Sout Ji as "Marrying: Jus
, tice/Ms Here Mtlii Wife
THREE PERSONS
DIE SUDDENLY
CONVICT'S GARB
FOR F. J. SMITH
FIND BROTHER
WHO WAS LOST
AGED JURIST
WINS A BRIDE
WOMAN AND THREE,,
GHELDEEN-: DROWNED
Cloudburst' Near Heppner,
Or., Brings Death to Motit
er and Babes.
HEPPNEB. May 30.— At 3 o'clock' this
afternoon a cloudburst occurred on Rbea
Creek, about twelve miles south of here.
Mrs. J. R. Nuehemaker and her youngest
child and, two children of A- R.; Cox were
caught by the water and drowned,: Mrs.
Nuenemaker's body and' that' of one of
the Cox children were .recovered. \u25a0 No
other fatalities have been i reported.
.\u25a0•...-.\u25a0. i. - - ••\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
"THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY- MAY' 31, 1905.
' "Try the'- United : Statesi Laundry. ' - 1004
Market" street" Telephone; South ;42o.^ \u25a0:.\u25a0'}
-TAKE ' HORSFORD'S .ACID * PHOSPHATE—;
Half . a' teaspoon in! half a. : e'ass ',nf \u25a0 water. J'is(
tuifore retlrinsr, brines refreshing sleep,: ;\u25a0'.':•„\u25a0\u25a0
When. Sleep. Palls.,
&SAN JOSE^ * May. :30.^-Mfs:fv John J D.'-
Collins/ ; whose t brother.;. ? In rf Oregon " has
been • endeavoring, to; locate} her,} resides
at s ; 180 .^"West HSan { Fernando : street,*.'.: this
"city. ' . She :- was> prostrated ;Jby.: the v news
that'her ; brother : is ? dangerously.' ill. '. \u25a0 " -
Search Ends In San Jose.
' We are picture" trainers in [the. truV sense "of>
the word*, creators ; of • real ' artistic 'wall ' hang-
Ings, and i our i painstaking lln j the | treatment . of
every pleture^has; the' best? possible- results.
Sanborn.'r Vail; & Co-.;741 Market street. •
Picture Framei;
:. LOS ANGELES,; Mayi 30.— A . rapidly,
running- Main-street j car ' struck ) a ; sprink
ling Lwaeon Vat ; Adams and •"; Main ' streets
shortly, before 1 ; o'clock '(, this ";. morning,'
killing one" man who sat lupont. the fwagon
and - probably. ', fatally c injuring; 1
The wagon, \u25a0•» horses -; and ; men* were' car-^
ried - about^ a block.' > , The"' team also~
killed.': The; names of the; two .men were
not learned. . -V. . \u25a0' . '\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'.'<).
In Xmh Anjpelen, strikes
Sprinkling- IVngou.
ehlcle, TravHlnsr at High Rate of Speed
5
S'AflF'j^^liS^lAff^ J * im orUeal which aQ
BEGOMINB =»35A7%
JR ERfS/^TTELMETEte nothing compare* with
&m sub v a ows&iam a^,^ The thought
of the suffering and danger in store for her, robs the expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the coming event, and casts over her A
shadow of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of tronea
" have ifoiind that i the use of Mother's Friend daring pregnancy rob«
confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
and child. This scientific liniment i« a god-send to all women at the
time~ of critical triaL Not only does Mother's Friend
carry women; safely through the perils of child-birth, but its use
gently prepares the, system for the coming event, prevents "morning
sicWhessi" and other dis- \u25a0
comforts of this period. Bijßtt^fo "WSSJffI &^"W% 9 &!&
Sold by a^dn.ggi,* at Jffg£ § #f fiff d
.'$ i. 00 : .- per ;,* ; bottle. Book / < \u25a0 •
containing ralaable information f»ee.' ST9S3^ BMCMkM JT^
rb«Bradfie«dßeguiatwCo..AtJ«at«.Ga. F £%BEm MW MJ
PR. PIERCERS RE3IEDIES.
:. TIRED OUT.
There's many a wife sits in the grtmtag
A&dows of an evening, knowing whal
it is to feel tired out; as if there was
not another ounce of effort left In her.
But if healthy she knows how sound
her clamber wiU '
be and how re- \u25a0M^mH-^^^i
* l thSg^S the ixjmsi£& *
gick woman to tiJKir*^ vvl R/7/a
feel tired out. yW^^/f^K^¥/m
Rest only seems feHTlM'f *W/M
to increase her fSj Y+r P* I */&£l
suferiug. She \*i \% * i/M^n
feels acntftly f« \ />* \© +
the aching back iy \^ g» V< \u25a0 I^l
and throbbing }$^^§%k \ \ * )W
Sick women, 'ff >y
hundreds of 'A '.-, \u25a0 * *\
thousands of Wl """ £/ , yS^vl
them, have been g \ \f M /x/yTI/ x/yTl
made well by ' \j"^v fi f * \i
the use of Dr. \ •Xt '* /Si
Pierces Pavor- /\ fM
lte Prescription. V^ V* . Jfifft
It establishes "" ' JOT I
regularity, dries
weakening drains, heals inflammation
and ulcer atlon and cures female, weak-
ness.
- 1 am pleased to inform yon cf the benefit
I received from using: Dr. Pierces Favorite
Prescription and 'Golden Medic*! Dfcsco-r-
cry." " vrites Mrs. Elisabeth A. Oswald, of 4S
Brant Etn»t, Windsor, Essex Co., Ontario.
Canada. "Was quite discour&tred when I
vrot« zs^inz roar advice, as tna phjrslctnns
here told me I could cet no relief except by
as operation. Suffered for focr jre&n from
lrresrular zsd profuse menstruatkm. had sick
and nerrous head&cbes roott of the time,
and at times could h&rdlx walk across the
floor from weakness. I thank God there Is
tuch a remedy as Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription for sniff erics- vroraea. Befor* I bad
takes the first bottle the headaches b*d left
me and it was not loot before regularity was
established and sttll continues so. Hare just
finished house-eJeanine which I never ex>
p«cted to be able to do afoln. and can truly
cay I never felt better than at present. I
ffladly recommend ' Favorite Prescription *
to tJI vbo suffer from female weakness. It
has cured me and made me stronger In every
v*y. Neither my husband: nor myself can
M 7 enouch in its prals«.*.'
The selfish seller who urges some sub-
stitute is thinking of the larger profit
bfi'U xnake aad not of tout' best zood.
Sale Lace > Gurt&in Ends
- This is your opportunity if you need cheap curtains for country cottage or bungalow, for
small basement windows, bathroom windows, \u25a0or half curtains for any window in the house. The sale
of a manufacturer's samples, several hundred ; pieces, some of them only 1 x /z yards long, others full
length curtains. Here are the details:
Lace Curtain Ends — A great Lace Curtain Ends—Also many Lace Curtain Ends— Also full
variety of sample pieces of the new full length curtains, in' good grades length curtains; manufacturer's
style Nottingham, in white and of Nottingham, in white and ecru samples in Arabian nets; colors
ecru, worth double the sale price, colors; for this special sale, each ecru and white; special for this sale
each • • • ..... .25c • • •\u25a0;•_\u25a0• : • * * ' * ~° ....•\u2666•. •••/»<?
Lace Curtain Stretchers — Stationary pins, full China Silk, for drapery purposes, soft and even
widths and length, frame to fold up when not in use. aaooth weave, in figured designs and solid coWa
.i *! \r\ l- j f *f 95 speaal value, per yard - . . 490
the $1.50 kmd, ror • • • • .... • • .&i.^o r • _ „ , . ,
Tapestry Table Covers — Reversible, knotted
Bonne Femme Curtains— With Battenberg edges fringed all around; sizes for center tables, Ebrary and
and inserts on Arabian nets, deep ruffles, at • • • "• dining-room tables, splendid values at • • $1*25?
$2.00, $2.25, $2.75 and up to $5.00 $2.50, $2.75, $3.50, $5.00
The Summer Ribbon Sale
If you need ribbons, buy now and save one-third. Hundreds of women saved
money Monday, hundreds more -to-day will avail themselves of this extraordinary sale of Millinery,
Neckwear or Sash Ribbons, a sale that will demonstrate more forcibly than ever our supremacy as
ribbon retailers. . These sale ribbons are all bright, new goods; the fancies, this season's combination
and effect— the plain colors, the latest summer, shadings. Here are the details:
JEL t tldS-f* oft 3 K' incll plain Taffetas « ver y de - 35c warp-printed 3#-inch TarTetaa. in twelve beautiful color com-
B'*Tr%o sirable-for millinery and neckwear, in a good binations, yard .*. • • •• - 220
color assortment, the regular 25c values. '
Hkf ff 7C 3^' lncJl fanc y warp-printed Taffetas, fancy 35c and 40c 4-inch warp.printed Taffetas, vrith colored border.
-.^*T centers and plain edges; 3^-incb ; plain satin Qg^t combinations, yard • 250
Taffeta in whitei black, cream and all summer colorings; 5-inch Taffeta, * ;
with satin stripe, in black' and white only; 25c to 35c values these. 45c 6-inch Taffeta, with printed floral design, yard .. • - 290
The Great Waist Sate
In this offering we believe that we have placed before you the most interesting array of
Waist values that have been arranged for this season. The sale continues all the week, and we
earnestly advise, if you have not bought your summer waists, to buy them now.
25c for a Waist— Just think of ill Made of good lawn Two popular styles— Surplice fronts and bertha
\u25a0and fairly well made. : Cost has no bearing on this effect waists; either would readily bring $1.50, but
price, for the materials alone are not nearly covered by for the season's great Waist sale we have cut that
.25 cents, to say nothing of the making. See these . reasonable price to $1.15
waists at ............. . . 25C W aistsat $2.4s— Pretty button back Waists, with
WaistS worth Up to $1.00-|-Good lawns, pretty • yoke and front of English eyelet embroidery, very large sleeves.
styles, all have embroidered Val. lace insertion and are g~g% gauntlet cuffs, hemstitched stock with tie $2^95
weUmade; priced in this sale. 75c and: .. - . &UC C^/if a 5//Jt Wa/sfS-That were $2.45. $3.75.
98c— Another popular price— No group of speaal $5 00 $6 50; f or this sale.
[&^?F?! i . w 7. f>:^^.^T- 98C $1.65, $2.95, $3.60, $4.85
Sale Sample Line Bowls
"\u25a0'. i* '\u25a0\u25a0'0 •\u25a0 T > "•' ;\u25a0--;-'- *» ' ;•! -: •'•:..\u25a0 *.
'^^^SS^t'^^^^ n HB iff ,«,>?* . A
>v^^4i^^^^w ! V^^S^K3^ Our import samples of decorated China salad
\^ ~(t.r\Jr''- \u25a0 7W. $J bowls, cake plates, sugars, creamers, cracker jars,
. : chocolate pots, etc., from which we selected next
Christmas " stocks, ron special .sale, beginning this morning, at one-third, one-half and less than half
their real values. Some only one of a kind/every one a beauty.
Bowls— and cake plates, worth "from- 75 cto Decorated Plates — A great many dainty designs,
"! $ 1 .50 each, at .•..•"• .... .. • . 50c only one of a kind, worth from 1 5c to 50c each, for
Salad Bowls-Worth from $1.00 ,^al c^ s^^l^d shJp«, "w^rtrf tm3Qc.
sale price ........... . . S9C t o $1.25, on sperial sale. ... .. . 2Oc to 750
Individual - Sugars and Creamers — Worth from Chocolate Pots and Cracker Jars— Worth $2.00 and
75c to $1.25; special, per pair ••. . . '. '.'.'. \u25a0'. 4Oc $2.50 each, for •-. • $1.25
IfaMinfAnfrfi White Duck The Grocery
nammouns Oxfords 89c Savings To-Day
65C / >SVr *-^* Just the thing for o live OH— 7oc bottles, C. & 8 ... 630
W^^%^ outing, a neat QhirardelH's Cocoa— % &. to»._f 9o
Open weave hammock with spreader *' WfT^-^S^ sty I c with Carolina Rice— Spedal, 8% lbs. .SOo
\u25a0 at head and foot. ... • - 65c \u25a0. \^ /°^ c° m toes » me " Rolled Oats— Best Eastern. 8 Ibs~ 250
Good strong canvas weave hammock, with . >, .„ . \ T'T "^S V™***^****
fringe drapery, pillow and concealed soles, v and I X-md! leather heeU. anteed pure^ llbto . .... .37©
spreader, in pretty coloring*: \u0084 . 890 sizes 2% to 8, %Vldths B, C, D, t. Sardines— French imported. doz. $1.10
GoodstrongweavehammockwithpiHowand instead of $1.00 the pair, to-day ~tm . . .... . . . ...... .WO
deep fri4 valance, spreader at head and ...... 1.. . . 89C Pearline-l Ib. packages. 3 for . . 2SO
foot, in nice variety of colors -. . . 98c . ( =====1= Washing Soda— 2s lbs. . . . . 2SO
Fine, hard cotton weave hammock, with Ladfes' HOSC 35C - W *! Ske J^^tJ? 7£°« * uK
adjustable.lavback^pillow, with Ussel, Or 3 Pair S $1.00
ard^ncealed spreader at head . short k sQci
canvas weave and lat«t style trimmings at hose very sheen and an almost endless A. V. n. Uin— slOU Dottles . &lm3lS
$t.50,5U95,52.20,52.50, ' assortment of Hermsdorf black lace lisle Wood Alcohol-Qt bottfe .... .350
$2.85, $3.SO,up to $6.50 - m a ll OV er and boot effect. o-^o -^ Cedar Run Whlskey-Speoal «L
- =^- '•"•- :': ' •\u25a0\u25a0;' See this line at. .\u25a0. . . . &pP ...... • • $1.90
Spool SHks 25C ~~ ~~~~~gT / " " Val Blatz Beer—
Another lot of large spools /V) £7^ ' * • Xg ' V-P& 5*5 *
of black silks, of factory o4g ' c > jT^gy £%AIA J§§> MS Qt».reg.s2.ls.doz.^/^O
ends, that may have one a^T/ £\J^t^ii/LA7UL4^4^/i Claret- Good quality gaL
Mt 'Z^Tli "•"—^|,^.« Red Crou 'Mineral *Wat«
of 50c spool, to day q|atf^ff— '' "Zl.ulhs grandest stors -bottle 350Becoratc (sraye6 in ©t>fc
Sallows* Burial (Srount)
At the close of the exercises at the
Presidio yesterday the Mexican War
Veterans' Wives and Daughters were
given a luncheon at the home of Mrs.
William B. Lange, 1 Spruce street. The
table was profusely dressed .with vio
lets and red roses, with a touch of the
society colors here and there. Mrs.
Lange was assisted In her hospitality
by Mrs. William Giselman and Mrs. F.
S. Kates. Many toasts were glven'wlth
short* speeches appropriate to the oc
casion. Among' them toasts by the
president and secretary were respond
ed to by, the auxiliary of Wives and
Daughters. ' . •
Mexican War Veteran* Convene.
geon of Lincoln Post, G. A. R.; bary
tone solo. : "Hosanna" (Jules Granier),
J. Homer Henley, accompanied by Mrs.
A. A. d'Ancona: recitation. Miss Eliza
beth F. Bartlett: solo. '- "Still as the
Night" (Bohm), Miss Belle Livingston;
"Tenting on the Old Camp Ground"
(arranged by Johnson), Knickerbocker
male quartet; bass solo, "The Boys of
the Old Brigade" (Weatherly), Mr.
Larsen; "America," Quartet, audience
joining.
Richard Stevemson, manager of th*«
purchase and, surply department of
the Southern Paolfic Company, whtise"
serious illness was announced in yei-,
terday's Call, died shortly after day
break yesterday at his home at Fair
Oaks, San Mateo County. Up. to Satur
day last Mr. Stevensoa was apparently
in the best of health, but toward .noon
of that day he complained of feeling
ill.- Returning to hla home at Fair,
Oaks, he summoned a physician, who
declared his patient's case to be an at
tack of pneumonia.
. Sunday night the patient sank rapjd- 1
ly, and Monday all hope for his rec6V»
cry was- abandoned. \u25a0 He lingered un
til early yesterday morning, w ken he
passed away. Few men on this coast,
were better known than Richard Stev
enson, whose death will be greatly »?
gretted in the business community,
where he was regarded as a man of
exceptionally, high Integrity. Tears
ago he graduated from the dry goods
firm of A. T. Stewart in New York and.
coming to this coast, he entered the
employ of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, first as a clerk in the oSTce ot
Timothy Hopkins, treasurer of the cor
poration. Eventually he was .trans
ferred v to the purchasing department
of the company and finally rose to tha
position of manager when R. P.
Schwerin resigned.
Deceased was 55 years of age and a
native of New York. He Is survived
by a widow and four children, a daugh
ter and three sons, and his^ aged
mother. The funeral will take- place
to-morrow from the - Stevenson resi
dence at Fair Oaks at 1 1 o'clock. '
SAN RAFAEL, May 30.— Minerva, tha
wife of Senator Frank Markey of San"
Francisco, died this morning at his res-,
idence in this city. Mrs. . Markey ' had
been suffering for the last year* and a
half.;- -She was born In Vallejo twenty
eight years ago. She was the daughter
of Thomas Evans,. w"ho was connected
with the navy yard -for many ; years.
Mrs. Markey will be buried in Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DEATH CLOSES
THE CAREER OF
RAILROAD MAN
- Congressman::' Julius \u25a0\u25a0• Kabn, • orator .', of
the day,- was : introduced i and spoke V in
part 'as- follows: ;.*" • . , =\u25a0
: .:.' "To-day " a".- nation "mqurns its i, patriot
dead, v From the , rock-bpund'. coast : of the
Pine ; Tree * State Ho ** the 1 tropic 1 islands
that ; nestle : under ;the t Southern < cross Yon
the -other i side : '; of. \ the "f broad : i Pacific i^bur
countrymen this day gather, at the graves
of .tho ; brave •defenders fof O\A* Glory, 1 - to
place upon 'the 'j 16vrlyjmounds_whlch [ mark
the T last \u25a0rrestingf* places^ 'of 'jour * soldier
dead a. heartfelt "tribute of love .and. af-
.HEROES OF THREE WARS.
The Rev/ William Rader, in delivering
the invocation, "expressed a hope for the
coming ; of ' perpetual peace—a' hope that
men and -nations would cease to- meet in
bloody conflict.' As Christ said to the
waves: of. Galilee, v "Peace, be still,", so
would He say when j^ arose be
tween militant nations, and he hoped that
the § invocation of the Savior on the ris
ing waves would ring in the ears .' of. the
peoples of the world that. would take up
arms ; against each other. : ; -.
William H. Langdon, Superintendent
of \ Schools, | read \ \ Lincoln's ) Gettysburg
address -In an :.-. Impressive t manner ; and
Major Charles Wesley -Kyle delivered an
or igrlnal :; poem, v''6ur lk>yal r Dead,'.' . the
burd en ; of ] which was that the brave sol
diers who fought '; to save the; Union had
kept \ the : Stars <\u25a0 and ;V Stripes in ."the air
»nd that - those \u25a0 who 1 follow^ them :\u25a0 would
still ikcep \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0; the Y starry -banner^ floating.
Given in '.'. a : dramatic \ manner, \ the poem
roused , the enthusiasm r.of: the , veterans
present and they cheered . the reading
heartily. \u0084 :: , . V
The sacred music: of the band of the
Third 'United States Artillery, Armarid
Putz, leader, \ that had mingled with the
solemn firing of the minute ' guns : died
aw'a> ; r and General C A." Coolldge. chair
man of the day, began his introductory
remarks to the throng that had gathered
around the stand in the . cemetery.' Gen
eral Coolldge spoke of the heroic deeds
done on the various bloody battle fields
of the Civil .War by those ,who lay sleep
ing in . the v many g national cemeteries
throughout the country, and said it was
a yearly work of : love to honor their
memory by tenderly depositing blossoms
on their graves: lie spoke in kindliness
of the brave . soldiers -in ' gray who j had
opposed the army" of the republic, and
said' that in the" Spanish-American war,
the, youth' who had carried the stars and
stripes to victory on land and sea had
sprung from both Union and Confederate
ancestors. ; X
The j parade that formed on . Lombard
street and marched to the cemetery was
imposing. Grand Army posts, • National
Guard companies, blocks of-- artillery,
regular infantry and cavalry and bands
and citizens In carriages, including vet
erans too old to march, moved in pro
cession through the wooded : ways of the
Presidio to the green slope dotted with
the white stones. -On the platform there
gathered Grand Army and other notables,
including" Brigadier General : Funston,
commander of the Department of Cali
fornia. .A programme of unusual excel
lence was. carried .out and few of- the
throng departed before it was over. One
of . the features was the singing of a
chorus of school children whose tender
voices -rose in unison In the "Ode to the
Nation's Dead.'.' They were from the
Clement Grammar School, and were led
by Miss Esther ,Sirams. The -California
quartet, composed" of C.L. Goetting, C.
L. Gage. W. E. Smith and C. L. . Parent,
rendered "Blest Be the Ground" and "To
Thee, O Country."
PASTOR SPEAKS FOR PEACE.
At the Presidio National Cemetery a
small flag fluttered against every white
stone that marked the grave of a pa
triot gone, and garlands lay all- about on
the green lawn above the sleeping ones
who had "worn the army. blue.-i I From an,
early hour people began* flocking to the'
military necropojis bearing blossoms as
their tributes of affection to those who
ihad carried armjs that, their country
'might survive In the full freedom given
[It; by its forefathers and bring the boon
of liberty to others that were oppressed.'
Over the wooded inclines of th 6 reser
vation floated " the strains of me
morial music and the measured
boom of . guns was heard on
the slopes arid far down Into the city and
out on the waters of the bay. The dead
slept on, unconscious" that their deeds had
brought thousands :in to the
spot ,where all that was mortal of 'them
had been laid to rest.
'I V'^We';? know t that •• witb^each \u25a0 recurring
Memorial ;day~ the* roster, of - : the survivors
will^be"just*a "little shorter/; there 1 will Ibe
riewi graves [toY decorate.' for 'the angel ; of
death. keeps ever, his wings in motion," and
soon ?or I late ' the* dread \u25a0 summons ", to ; 'join
the" innumerable caravan /i which moves to
that ' mysterious; realm". where each shall
The speaker led his hearers through the
terrible times of the Civil War and,' be
fore that, through the battles of Zachary
Taylor and Winfleld Scott in \u25a0 Mexico;
harking back, he carried them along with
Kearny and ' Stevenson across the des
erts of New" Mexico and Arizona arid '
coming down to the present day he spoke
of the victories on' Cuban soil and Cuban
waters and in the Philippines. Continuing
he said: '
"And we, citizens of this jewel by the
Golden Gate, this fair San Francisco, can
never forget how our. 'own sons— their
hearts aflame with high hope, spurred on
by their love of country— sailed away with
their expeditions, far, far out across the
placid Southern seas, to plant the banner
of liberty in the far-off Philippines. How
well "they, performed their allotted duty
history has faithfujly recorded. But, alas!
some that went forth" fresh In the vigor
of 'young manhood, all too soon ,were
found 'by the bullets of the enemy— and
their warm heart's blood gushed out and
sanctified the soil of the land where they
fell. - We deemed we could not | let j them
sleep so far from home, and kindly hearts
and willing hands - carried , them to this
peaceful ! spot -where they rest serene : in
the err.bra.ee of Mother Earth.
./'To-day, > we shed our reverential tears
upon, their hallowed graves.
\u25a0 "Treacherous- swamps,, torrential rivers,
the severity of the \u25a0 unaccustomedTtropical
climate, the ; rough tramp across malarial
rice :; paddies, . the . scratching, blinding
briars of bamboo thickets in an unknown
land, prove even more ; effective as wea
pons'of • destruction than do the , muskets
and the cannon of human ; foes. ;And so
many iof four y loved, onessickeh and are
ruthlessly i struck down by the -i fell De
stroyer.' They > have passed over .to ; the
silent ' majority, but they f are not for T
gotten. > They never will be forgotten by
their 'grataful- countrymen. .". ;'-. -!
? "A few days ago our,newspapersgraph-
Ically, described , the \u25a0 burial of -the, last re
maining survivor, of the war of 1812.3 Not
one ; of all 1 the; thousands Jthat; fought An
that-second 'war of .' independence t : is \ now
left -to, us. .'AncTso," in the fullness of time,
the last survivor "of .the Mexican". War, the
last "survivor, of ; "the ~ Civil \u25a0 War, • the last
survivor ; of \ the Spanish-American "War
And Vthe"; Philippine; Insurrection .will ibe
gathered to. his fathers." 'I t : is God's ; way.'
His "Lwllli 1 hot'! ours,'* be'jdone.Vo'" ;\u25a0/\u25a0 , •^ >
SAN FUAJVCISCO'S SONS.
fection, of gratitude and remembrance.
"What memories crowd uno'n us as we
stand in this God's acre, where . the
waves of the sunset sea sing an ever
lasting requiem "'to the souls of those
who lie burled here. How we gather in
spiratlon "from . .their lives, and. pledge
Jan'ew- o'tir loyalty,' 'our undying allegiance
to the glorious fatherland. y How we re
count their daring deeds— deejds of valor,
deeds'; of- honor, deeds'.'of^ unselfish* xlevp-"
.tion that brought additional luster to
the bright and luminous pages of our
country's history. "" . .
"Although' at first consecrated to those
: v,-ho fell during the four dark years of
internecine strife that* threatened the dis
ruption of. the nation, .those trying,
agonizing "years when brother "was ar
rayed against brother, when the skies of
heaven looked darkest and the continu
ance of the Union hung weighing In the
balace, the observance .of Memorial day
has gradually, year after year, developed
and broadened, until to-day the tombs
of our Mexican War veterans., the tombs
of the heroes of the Civil War\ the tombs
of the brave soldiers of the Spanish-
American War: are alike decked by patri
otic hands with the beautiful, fragrant
emblems pf love and, purity arid peace.
Ah. my countrymen. It Is a beautiful, a
sacred custom, and I hope it may endure
so long as our country shall hold her
station among the nations of the earth.
"Standing here to-day, under the blue
canopy of heaven, the wind" sighing
through yonder towering groves of euca
lyptus and cypress and spruce, listening
tc« the sweet carols , of feathered chor
isters trilling their songs of contentment
and happiness unto their mates, 'we rev
erently; raise bur eyes to the source of
all goodness and fervently thank Him for
the .divine blessings of peace."
: "Taps have sounded for La wton and
Sampson, aye! an* for Fltzhugh Lee.
who. though erring for a while, like the
prodigal son in the parable, had returned
and been forgiven. | TheY sleep In peace
and all is well with them. Nothing that
we can now do or say can add to. nor
yet detract from, their well-earned fame.
But we, the living, s can all learn a lesson
from 'their well-spent lives.
I EVER READY FOR. FOE.
"Even as we strew our garlands of
fragrant -blossoms \u25a0 upon' these cold and
unresponsive graves, let us resolves to
devote the best " thoughts of our ma
turer," our riper • experience to our coun
try's welfare. She deserves the. best, the
richest," tha purest, the most unselfish
offerings that our # grateful hearts can'
place upon her sacred altars. '• . \u0084
"Ever since the : Immortal Declaration
of Independence was proclaimed to the
world by the patriot band of 1776 she has
; been at once an Inspiration and a dream
of hope to the downt rodden and the op
pressed of every land, of* every clime.
She has freely opened her portals to those
unfortunates, who, bleeding from the
wounds inflicted by frenzied political ana
religious fanatics, have sought a haven
of refuge on her hospitable shores. She
does not stand, "with unsheathed sword,
a. menace to mankind, but benignly and
graciously she extends \u25a0 the olive branch
of peace to all the nations of earth, .t .
"And. we, her sons, are determined to
keep ' her Jionor - unsullied, -. to maintain
her fame untarnished. We love the arts
of- peace. We. have putv by our guer
; dons of war. We reallz,^ that we conquer
'• most when we eltterid the fruits , .of
peace— our great commercial and indus
trial commodities— to every sea, to every
port.
""But. whenever , that time shall again
come when 'we must protect that which
we hold dearer than life Itself, our coun
try's honor, we will again unfurl our bat
tle flags, we will again march forth un-
I der the folds of 'Old Glory.' we will again
keep step to . the martial airs of our be
loved United States, and the foeman will,
find us, even as he found those who now
sleep beneath "the sod In this hallowed
spot, .'ready, aye! ever ready.' " . ;
,The strains of the band again floatec
down over the slopes as "America" rose
from the combined , throats of the ' many
in the throng; three volleys were fired by
United States infantry and from the bu
gle, piercing every corner of the white
dotted burial ground, rang that soldier's
lullaby of rest. "Taps."-
take his chamber in the silent halls of
death,* must come to each and all of us.
"Taylor "and Scott and Worth and
Kearny and Sloat and Stockton and
Montgomery have lone since been* car
ried to their everlasting resting places,
i "Lincoln and Grant, Sherman and Sher
idan. Farragut.arid Porter, Thomas and
.Logan, McPherson and Meade, Hancock
and Halleck, McClellan and McDowell,
Garfleld and. McKinley— all of them pa
triots,, patriots, all— have gone, befpre and
patiently await the coming of their com
rades' to that beautiful golden -shore
'wheje • the \u25a0 wicked cease from troubling
and the weary are at rest.*
prominent speakers addressed the as
semblage on the deeds of valor of the
American soldiers in the past and told,
of the sacrsdness-of their memories to the
people. The firing of a farewell salute
by the League of the Cross Cadeta'con
cluded the exercises.
Strewing Floral Tokens of Remembrance on the Graves of Departed American Soldiers.
I A tender tribute to the sailor heroes
• tljat sleep beneath tiie great waters . of
the rcii was paid yesterday morning by
J Phelps Squadron No. 12, United
States Veteran Navy. At 7 o'clock the
U. 6. A. T. tug Sloeurn, her decks piled
I r.-ith blos."orr.s, steamed away from the
I Folsom-street dock and headed for the
j deep. Out past the cross that marks
I the resting-place of the victims of the
lost Xeu' York, out past Mile Rock,
where lie those that sank to death
1 with the City of Rio de Janeiro, the
! tug: steamed and headed straight across
I th« bar. On reaching the culm waters
'beyond the wash that marks the en
! trance to the Golden Gate the engines
| ceased their throbbing an,d the cere
- monies began.
I Sacred music by. .tlie marine . band
I from the United States Naval Training
Station opened the ceremonies, and
then a prayer for the dead, was offered
by Chaplain Charles M. Price. Captain
John J. Foley of Phelps Squadron de
livered the first address. ' •'
"Shipmates." he said, "we are as
sembled to-day to honor our -heroic
dead. The duty of this hour is of im
\u25a0 pressive significance. By It we. are re
minded that the sacrifices of our fallen
shipmates have noi been in vain. And
now, as we gather within the sound of
the waves, which were in life the
hero's joy and in death his shroud, we
strew garlands, earth's fairest adorn
ment?, upon the billows in .tender
memory of our heroic dead, let us re
call their virtues.-thelr privations, their
fidelity to duty and pray that the coun
try for whose supremacy they died
shall live until time shall be no more."
. H.. C. DIBBLE'S ADDRESS.
Mrs. John Rainsbury of Thomas
Circle, Ladies of the G. A. R., recited
the "Sailor's. Memorial," the- music of I
the band again floated -over the sea,
and then H. C. Dibble of Lincoln Post.
G. A. R.. ros ( e to deliver the oration.
"For many years," he said, "the hero
sailors of the nation have. "slept be
neath the sea with no. tribute offered
save tha^ of fond hearts that knew
them until a California woman asked
that friends join her In strewing
flowers over the waves in memory of
those that slept In the tomb .of the
deep. Loyal and patriotic people re
sponded, and now this beautiful . cere
tnony is enacted each year.
"We are here to show our love and
our honor for those that have died in
the country's navy in its de
fense. The history of the pasj, from
the unforgotten deeds of John Paul
Jones to those of Dewey and Sampson
and Schley, has ever written glory for
the nation and will do so always in
tho future. The terrible events that
have Just turned the eyes of the -world
to the Straits of. Korea tell fuller than
words the necessity of a powerful
navy, but tbe American navy,- in peace,
and in war, can ever be relied upon to
preserve the rights of all of our citi- f
zens and we may rest e -in security, con
fident that no power exists that can
break down the line of the defense
that guards the land against attacks
from the aea."
STIIEW WAVES WITH FLOWERS.
. The G-*A. R. memorial service was
then conducted by Lincoln Corps,
W. R. C. and as the naval militia from
the U. S. S. Marion fired the . salute
the echoes of the.Hotehkiss thundoring
over the waters," the sea was strewn,
with flowers and the stars and
were set adrift In the « sweep of its;
waves. The Sons of Veterans' quar
tet then sang "America," the Lord's
Prayer was said and taps was sound
ed by Commander Arthur McKee.
The Slocum then turned her prow
homeward and landed her passengers
at the Presidio wharf. After the gen
eral exercises had been concluded
Colonel O. F. Long Garrison, Regular
Army and Navy Union, gathered at the
union's monument t ln the ' National
.Cemetery and held a 'beautiful service
In memory of their dead. Orders of
the day were read by Adjutant J. H.
Riley, after which appropriate remarks
were wade by the commander. Colonel
Dennis^ Geary. This was followed by a
prayer' by Chaplain J. P. Jensen, the
reading of Lincoln's Gettysburg ad
dress by Mrs. Lizzie Howard, and con
cluded with an address by Colonel F.
H. Lynch.
Flowers were, then strewn ooverr r the
graves of the departed heroes, and
the* garrison and Phelps Squadron
marched back to their quarters, the
duty of tbe year splendidly performed.
Uniformity .of Handtvrltlnor
Is only possible -when youase a fountain pen.
.Wattrmaß'? Meal i« pood— end tbe Marshall Is
the best $1 pen made. - Letter orders 'filled.
Sanborn. Vail A Co.. 711 Market «tre«t. •
Comrade Irwin earnestly urged that
a memorial building for the Grand
Army be erected in this city. He said
the history of the posts and the rec
ords of the valorous deeds of their
members should be preserved among
the archives of the high schools that
for all the years to come the pupils
Might Lave them before them.
Tho speaker exhorted the Grand
Army men to get closer together. The
bonds that held thorn as' comrades
should tighten every year, he said. He
declared that all citizens who were en
joying the bencflts of the greatest re
public on earth should miss no oppor
tunity to assist the living among the
veterans, as well as to commemorate
tb« deeds of those who had gone. It
was better to even pJn a rofce on a
Grand Army man's lapel than to erect
a monument over his grave, he said.
Chaplain Jrwln closed with a touch
ing peroration, saying that the veterans
• Trho had gone and those who yet re
mained to be called would never pass
from the memory of tlie living and that
the day on which the blossoms were
lovingly strewn upon the soldiers'
graves would grow more sanctified as
each succeeding year went by.'
The rest of the programme was as
follows: Quartet, "Our Heroes" (Nev
in), Knickerbocker male quartet:" so
prano solo, "Resignation" (Caro Roma),
Miss Belle Livingston: Gettysburg ad
dress. Comrade J. O. Crawford, sur-
MEMORIAL BUILDING.
Chaplain Irwin. more than six feet in
height and with arms and hands that
accentuated gesticulation, , told of a
rtiurch prelate of his acquaintance 'who
had told htm of finding a little American
Kirl on a jnountain of Syria pldclng wild
flowers on Decoration day that she might
scatter them abroad In honor of the
brave Union soldiers who had died for
her country ana paid that this showed the
influence of Memorial day extended to the
remote corners of the earth. Not only on
tha hillsides, which are aglow with them,
bad the people of San Francisco been
plucking c blossoms, but from the hill
eides of patriotism they had been gather
ing .them until they hid a vast treasure
of love and pride to lay at the feet of the
departed ones.
The Grand Army was the finest body
of aged men on earth, the speaker said.
The members' needed no encomiums
from human lips. Their deeds were
sufficient to cause Ihem to lire in glo
rious memory forever. He was glad
there were so many left after the two
score years that had passed since the
bloody strife apd he marveled that
there were so many. - \u25a0
The orator lightened his address
with Just a few touches of humor that
served the good purpose pf lightening
the somberness that is usual with such
gatherings. He prals<»d -San, Francisco
and said -of it: "It sits on more hills
than Rome — and As a better city." The
audience laughed at this, and it
laughed again" when he^aid: c c
**A year agr» I delivered the Memo
rial day -oration in General Funston's
town in Kansas. Out here I learn that
you teach «your youih to stick up for
California and that you think they do
It pretty v;e\\. I don't think, though,
that there will ever be a State that has
more local pride than Kansas. One day
a teacher asked In one of the public
schools there who discovered America.
It was about the time of- the capture of
Ag"uinaldo, .and without a bit of hesi
tancy, as if he couldn't be wrong, a
boy shouted. *Fred Funston.'"
In a medley of T.ational airs by Blum's
c Orchestra, which furnished the music for
the evening. yDixie" was played. The line
between the blue and the gray grows
fainter every year and the Union and
the Confederate have become comrades
truly, as the time when the last of them
Fha.ll have answered tans draws nearer
. with the passing of the y«are. -.- •.
Comrade J. H. Roberts delK'ered the
Introductory remarks, . recalling the pur
pose of the annual gatherings on Memor
ial, day and paying a tribute. to the vet
erans who had crossed the mysterious
rivrr. .H£ introduced Mayor Schmitz.
yvho eulogized the departed heroes and
dwelt on their noble deeds when the
country^ soil was reddened by the blood
of the thousands who were fighting for
Its preservation.
The deeds of the dead Union soldiers,
the Miiyor said, stirred the patriotism, in
the> heart of every American breast and
pave trirth to a resolve by all who came
after nwef to allow the 'glory they had
spread around the stars and stripes to
fad*. In their emulation a spirit of valor
had grown In the bo?«ms of the youth of
the country and there was little danger
that the example the veterans had set
\u25a0vvjtM ever be forgotten.
The Ms»yor said that in extolling the
brax'e defenders of the Union who had
gone to their reward it was well to re
member Uielivinjf war heroes wha had
stoort in the bloody lines and hurled back
death at the country's foes. They should
be aided and assisted and cheered in
every way, he *a»d.
BETTER CITY THAX ROME.
As .at th£ .morning 1 exf relies, at the
Presidio, the programme "had been ar
rangajl, wljb sreat car« and, was full of
merit. J The audience gave way to ap
pluuse on more than one occasion- and
encores were numerous. The orator of
the - evening was a nicturesaue speaker
from Kansas, Comrade \V. H. Irwin, de
partment chaplain, Illinois Veteran As
sociation tjie Sunflower State. He v.as
a decided innovation in the line of putMe
speakers a,nd his unique style aroused
inierest- and his emphatic sentiments
brought applause more than once. He
sat down amid a hurricane of handclap
ping from his big audience.
Mayor Schmit^ wag among those seated
on the stage and he delivered a short ad
dress. Father McQuaide delivered
the prayer at the ODening.
KA\SAN. DELIVKItS ORATION*.
The memorial services at the Alhambra
last evening JUled the theater. As many
as could do so without blocking it were
allowed to stand In the passageway at
the rear of the auditorium. The decora
tions were handsome. The stage was
draped with two mammoth American
flags and the national colors were fes
tooned around the inside of tbe gallery
railing. On the stage were some notice
able floral pieces; among the .most strik
ing being the badge of the Grand Army of
the Republic, done in flowers; golden pop
pies forming the bodies of tbe eagls at
the too and- the star at the bottom.
"May they; be ; seen* and sought after^
with: the' hope {of/ this resultv-thatlthe
rising generation }" of H bur •?» American
At the close, of: the, religious jcere
mony the .address of the: day was de
livered- by the \ Rev. Father McNally,
who said in part: ; .« ?
"What are:we doing ; here to-day?
We s are performing a;\u25a0 bou'nden" r duty,
keeping alive the' memoi t y';Ofßpur~ noble
dead j defenders; wh6; were' sedtlnels ;'«m
the watch towers of our God-given 1 lib
erty. Every 'echo; of my ,yoioe 7 1st as ' a
rocket, to go' heavenward;; to; sound fan
alarm, to burst in;the "elementsiof 'the
High Godandto come back, falling up
on the youths of pur/city as luminous
sparks f rom \u25a0 the grand : ." old soldiers'
lives. jsjS£i^s2§ig|jjpjji>£ : ' ' * • ' ' ' :v: v
Brief ritualistic ceremonies were
conducted at the graves by the Rev. '
Father ' : J. "*B. McNally, pastor *of St.
Patrick's Church. He was assjsted' by
the Rev. Father Dempsey lof St. Mary's
Church of the Immaculate Concep
tion. - . - .-i 1....\u25a0 \u25a0.-.-.' ' \u25a0 ' . ':\u25a0 "".-•,. '', ''^'-: : '-
The Memorial day 'exercises at St.
Mary's Cemetery were conducted under
the auspices of Company N,; League of
the Cross Cadets, who marched , from
the gates of .the cemetery, headed by
their own drum" corps/ At the close of
the- exercises Jn Mountain .View- Ceme^
tery, - the members of the Grand Army,
Joined the cadets In the ceremony [at
the^fioldiers', plat In St. Mary's Ceme
tery.. . \u25a0 . ;'' -.-.-.- '\u25a0. >' '• \u25a0. :
AT 'ST. MARY'S CEMETERY.
"Let us complete that grand temple
of civil liberty, and make it the
'World's Temple of Liberty.' "
The ceremony ended with the placing
of flags on the graves of the dead by
the members of Colpnel E. D. Baker
Camp, Sons of Veterans, and the strew
ing of flowers by the children of the
public schools. ' ••-. ;\u25a0,- '
The same exercises were repeated at
the new soldiers' platr the "address be
ing delivered by ' Major. E. A. Sherman,
who was Introduced by. W.R. Thomas,
commander of Appomattox Post, as the
hero of three wars, and ' would be of
four, should there be another war.
The address of the day was delivered
by the Rev. W. H. Scott,* retired chap
lain of the United States army. The
speaker reminded his audience that
the observance of Memorial day was no
idle ceremony, for the day should be
ever considered as one set aside for
• honoring -the memory of those heroes
who have given their lives that the
honor of our country* might remain un
sullied. *
In the course of his address the
speaker, who 1 was himself one of those
who answered the country's call to
the flag, said:.
i -"During those dark days the storm
and waves beat high, and many be
came faint hearted. 'The captain, tho
immortal Lincoln, and many of the
crew perished, yet the noble craft
weathered the blasts, and now - rides
more proudly than ever on the ocean
of prosperity.
"Those we honor to-day, who now
sleep beneath the turf or the ocean's
waves, have helped us to erect the
glorious superstructure of universal
freedom upon the foundations of our
republic, and have cemented it with
their vital blood. .
I OAKLAND, May 30.— Aged veterans of
! the days of "sixty-one" and the stal
' wart young soldiers who responded to
1 the call of duty in the Spanish-American
} war Joined to-day in Jthe ceremonies held
j in memory of the men who, at the call
of their country, fell on the field of bat
tle. Ancl not alone were those who died
in the uniforms of their country remem
bered, for during the nation's Memorial
day hundreds of people visited the cities
of the dead to lay tokens of loving re
membrance on the graves of dear ones
'called by death. ] . -.-'.."
! A dual Memorial day celebration was
I held this morning at Mountain View and
1 i?L Mary's cemeteries, the exercises^' be
ing conducted under the auspices of the
Grand Array of the Republic, the Na
tional Guard of California, the ladies of
the G. A. R. and the Woman's Relief
Corps.
The organizations participating In the
celebration formed at 10:30 this morning
at the gate of Mountain View Cemetery
and marched to the soldiers' plati headed
by the Thirteenth. United States Infantry
Band.
The parade was under the command of
Grand Marshal Frank W. Cushing and
the following acted as his aWs: W. F.
Dunne, senior vice division commander
of the United Spanish War Veterans; F.
M. Farwell, past commander of Appo
mattox Post, G. A. R.; Gilbert Shepard,
past commander Lookout Mountain Post,
G. A. R.; H. A. Longfellow, senior vice
commander E. D. Baker Camp, Sons of
Veterans. .
I IMPOSING . PARADE.
The organizations formed In the follow
ing order: Company F, Fifth Infantry,
N. G. C.;- Colonel E. D. Baker Camp No.
1, Sons of Veterans; Logan Post No. 8,
G. A. R.; Camp E. H. Liscum, United
Spanish War Veterans; Camp John Mc-
Cord, United Spanish War Veterans; Ad
miral D. D. Porter Post, G. A. R.; Com
pany A, Veteran Reserve, N. G. C.; Ap
pomattox Post, G. A". R.; Lyon, Appo
mattox and Lookout Mountain Woman's
Relief Corps;C Colonel John "B. Wyman
Circle, Ladle* of the G. A. R.; Ladies'
Auxiliary,- Spanish War Veterans and
Ladies' Aid Society, Sons of Veterans.
The ceremonies at the soldiers' plat
began with the raising of the flags at
half mast, the audience remaining un
covered as the Stars and Stripes were
unfurled. The invocation by the Rev.
•A. T. . Needham, commander of Admiral
D.. D. Porter. Post, G. A. R., was fol
lowed by a. brief address; by. G. A. Nor
ton, the president of '- the- day, ' who, in'
concluding his discourse, said: 1 : "
"We are assembled here" to. observe
Memorial day. We, the survivors of that!
grand army that" after four years or
tremendous conflict bequeathed to future
jgeneratlons a s government by the people
and for the people," and firmly establish
ed the right. of man to own himself, are
here to pay "a loving dut^. to those who
have departed."
The members of the -Memorial Club of
the Oakland High School . sang "In Me
moriam," after which Lincoln's Gettys
burg address was read by W. H. Van de
Mark of Lyon Post, G. A. R. At tho
•close ot the reading the Choral Club of
the Polytechnic High School sang "My
Own .United States."^
REV. W. H. SCOTT SPEAKS.
Chaplain Irwin Tells of
Duty That Is Owed
the Veteran.
Naval Veterans Proceed
to Ocea/i Expanse
on S locum.
Many Organizations Join
m an Imposing
Alba'mbra Theater Filled
With a Patriotic
Throng.
Elaborate Ceremo?iies at
Mountain View
Cemetery.
Sailor Dead A re Honored
.With Beautiful
Service.'
Memorial
Exercises
at Night
Decorate
Graves in
Two Plats
Flowers
Cast on
The Sea
Patriotic Americans Unite in Paying Tribute
...... \u25a0 ...--.-. :- \u0084 .-\u25a0 \u25a0 • \u25a0 - . : .. - -
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY. 31, 1905.
. \u25a0:- '- .\u25a0 ' - ' , ' ' - -. \u25a0- > r , — i— f • \u25a0 \u25a0 :—: — ; — : \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 - - . \u25a0 \u25a0 ' \u25a0 .
Congressman Julius Kahn Speaks Stirring Words of Patriotism
Solemn Services Held Among the White Stones
Of Soldiers Graves at Presidio Burying Ground
Con t iaued i on .'. Pas e ; 7, Colnmn ; 2.
. The Knights or Honor held their an
nual picnic yesterday at Fairfax, Mar
in County, and the outing was well at
tended. The members ''\u25a0\u25a0 of the organi
zation and, their; friends had an enjoy
able time. There was . the usual ac
companiment of dancing,-: games and
refreshments, and " many gate r and
dance prizes were awardedr-
Knight.* of Honor.' Hold Picnic.
«The members o.f the Lincoln and George
H. Meade". Posts the Grand Army of
the* •\u25a0 Republic/: accompanied by ; visiting
comrades ' and the > National ' Guard, pro
ceeded ; 'In ; parade to \ the. Odd Fello ws 1 .
Cemetery yesterday, '...where the graves* of
departed . comrades were . fittingly decor
ated^ and r ,a ; programme * appropriate for
the occasion was, carried out.' - '
.: Starting from -New Montgomery and
Market ? streets ••' this • memorial parade
marched -t<f Golden Gate i avenue and then
out Van Ness to Geary street, where the
cars* were > taken, to : the ; cemetery." r • Hun
dreds 'of people .viewed the parade as it
"passed TonY Market* street., headed ' oy the
Hancock , School Drum 'and Bugle Corps,
and -with bands playing military? music. -'*•
'f Impressive ! ceremonies were held a t the
graves'. •*.' Flowers -were 'strewn ? across the
resting places of the heroes and salutes.
were fired :by 'the' guardsmen. " Several i
Grand Army Men March, in
-.. Parade to .Cemetery.
6
JXO. J. FOTiTOX. CO. \u25a0•\u25a0.'.. •
JNO. H. -GYSELAAR
John Gyselaar, the well-known busj-.
ness man of Eureka, Is in the city on
business and pleasure."
tlt gave him much pleasure to meet
his old-ttme associates, and particularly
his physician, and note, their surprise at
his rugged old-time appearance.
\u25a0 Last summer, he was in the Lane Hos-
pital In this city for several months: He
had -been tapped the ninth time, in all
twenty-seven gallons of fluid being re-
moved. :The outlook was hopeless. . He
filially called in the physician and to! <t
him that: as the disease was steadily
advancing und the treatment making no
; progress, he was going to go home and
putfhimself >on Fulton's Renal Com-
pound for Brisht's disease. i -
-He was taken back to Eureka and
steadllylmproved— there being only one .
tapping necessary after his return. • He
is around circulating among his friends,
strong and v vigorous and the very. pic-
i ture of health.'n^BHtHHHMßii ' - -
; His physician here, who is. a very
broad and Hot- ral man. expressed his
surprise at the results obtained In. this
seemingly hopeless case by Fulton's Re-
nal Compound.*fHßPMßOgpE9fpMßM|Ml
Evidence accumulates until It gets
tiresome showing the curability of.
Brisht's ' Diseaso-and Diabetes by Ful-
ton's .Compounds. * \u0084 - - - :
"Send "for pamphlet to Jno. J. Fulton
Co.. 409 Washington street. S. F. ; Tha.
Re mil Compound forßrlght's and'Kid--
ney 'Disease.' sl.oo; for Diabetes, 51.50. '
' ~ : "7;: '* : ' \u25a0. '.:\u25a0/- :.-\u25a0-.NEW YORK, May SO.^-What maybo
the most sensational meeting «»«£«}*
by, the directors of the Equitable Life
Assurance Society is scheduled for to
morrow when the report of the Frick
Investigation committee is to .be"sub
mitted to the .boards Every member of
the directorate has announced his In
tention to "be present, and with . tho
reading "of 'the Frick report, it was said
to-night, the board of directors Trill at
once take steps, to j settle the Internal
strife. in the society. " .*
:- So faras could: be learned, , the report
will.' not, embody any suggestions as a
result lot the work done, but will' be
confined- entirely ito a 'detailed -account
of the '. committee's !• labors. . On .the
strength of the report the 'board of di
rectors Is expected *> adopt resolutions
that : i will :- contain ; recommendations for
the future 'use" of r the Equitable, and In
these I there may** be a. request for resig
nations. V) lt may be deemed-wlse by;the
directors" to request that Alexander and
Tarbell ; both relinquish their ; places In
the ; effort ;to* restore -harmony.; Hyde
may, also be 'asked to retire from active
participation; ln, the business.
- , Every i effort looking " to the harmon-*
lzlng r ' t of ;the \ discordant ; factions Y bas
been j futile.**?, William * Nelson Cromwell,
who^was recently brought into the case
as a: pacifier,*, worked* assiduously and
frequently v conferred with ' Samuel Un
termyer. as' representative' of Hyde and
also \wlth \ the , lesral : renresentatives of
Epeclal Dlapatch to Tto« Call.
So it Is with all' the' scenes of : the great
play.- which ml itself. Is; almost , a ; com-
For several months; the members of
the company have been preparing for the
presentation of the great historical spec
tacle. ;.The rehearsals ; have ; been :; under
the i direction f of one F of; the: best iknown
theatrical managers : in *; the ' country..' The
play Is a complete portrayal of the great
events in the history T of the : United '• States
from the; landing 4 of; the Pilgrims at ' Pl
ymouth Rock ;-.to; the: present day. * '
All of , the scenery, used in the • produc
tion ; is * entirely^ new,; and was ' specially
prepared. , The are also new, and
historically f correct 5: In 1 every i detail.- - - J ."
;-One¥of •" the' strongest^ features of the
spectacular? performance \u25a0\u25a0 is the : scene In
which i is shown; the "army of -Washington
in ' its -winter! quarters at i Morristown 5 and
Valley Forge.- So* accurately; are 'the
ferings * and f: patience 'of the iwinnersfof
America's X-; Independence ".: portrayed that
the spectator, forgets for the moment that
he V sees merely the f mimic life of the
"stage.-. • _:";\u25a0• \u25a0'\u25a0 T ; . '\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0::% . '.' \: : - : ;\, ", \u25a0'.\u25a0 .;
OAKLAND, May 30.— One of the most
appropriate and patriotic features of the
celebration of , day in Ithls city
was the- opening production of the great
spectacular . drama \u25a0\u25a0"America," which
was presented at the Dewey Theater' this
evening under the auspices; and for the
benefit of Company A, National Guard of
California.
Peformance by. Militiamen Is
Opened at the Deweyj*
During the afternoon the Governor held
an informal .': public 7 reception in '\u25a0''\u25a0 the
Armory/ : ':,] "
• STOCKTON,; May 30.— Governor George
C. Pardee deli vered the Memorial day ad
dress this .morning at : ; Rural Cemetery.
The chief executive was listened ito Vwith
rapt attention | and frequently; interrupted
by. applause.'- Hundreds 'of persons gath
ered to hear him.
There r was :'a> parade; ln the" morning, in
which the Natipnal : Guard, Grand Army
of the Republic and Mexican and Spanish
War Veterans ; the Governor
and >/ Adjutant-General* Lauck occupying
a' carriage, during the i, noon hour ' the
Governor I and Adjutant-General were I the
guests : of honor, at a* luncheon served ; in
the?Armory ; by i the I Relief iCorps and : the
\u25a0w/Cr.T. s U.*""' Addresses were made byj the
Governor : and the] Adjutant-General » and
others.* 1 ' ' -'. •'-'\u25a0\u25a0 : ':- ; .'..'\- \u25a0',\u25a0 "'\u25a0-'\u25a0:."\u25a0; *
Pardei Takes Part in the
/ Stockton Exercises.
Brama "Hmerica" ©bows
j Ollans Stirrf nf> Scenes
MAY TERMINATE
EQUITABLE RI
flDemqrial Da^ B^rees
©elfvereb bp Governor
CHICAGO, ., May 30.— The "No Tip
League" « has been \u25a0formed; here to put
an end to tipping :of every r sort
throughout the country. It Is a national
organization , with the avowed, object,
according to Its . announcement, "of
putting the grafters out , of business.".
The organization was started by 130
men, each , of ' whom declared that' $50
would \u25a0 not cover the i amount extorted
from him in tips each year. . ;
Members of the -"No Tip League" who
are caught! tipping will be fined $10 for,
the first offense and fronvteji.to a hun-^
drcd dollars, -in » the : discretion rof the
executive board, for each subsequent
offense. \u25a0-'\u25a0:..\u25a0 .
Which . Plans to Become National
in It* Scosc. - '
Unique ' League Formed In Chicago
ORGANIZE TO PUT AN END
TO TIPPING IN .i AMERICA
SAN BERNARDINO. May 30.—Decor
ation day was observed here to-day.
All the stores and the big Santa Fo
shops were closed. In the afternoon
there was a parade by the veterans
tho local military company and school
children. There were literary exercises
in the City Park.
Scbool Cbilfcren tniparafce-
SEATTLE. May 30.— Regulars from
Fort Lawton. marines from the Puget
Sound Navy Yard, three companies of tne
National Guard, four Grand Army posts,
the entire city police and flre depart
ments marched in the Memorial day pa
rade here. Special ceremonies at the
Grand Opera-house and at the cemeteries
were held. . . • . .
BfG iparafce in Seattle.
At Long » Beach : and the National Sol
diers' Home there were impressive cere
monies,' and at ' East San Gabriel the
Southern California Masonic Home was
dedicated. Business generally was sus
pended during the afternoon.
. SAN DIEGO," May 30.— Five ' hundred
m en ' marched In . a Memorial day parade
to-day. - Union and Confederate veterans
of the Civil War and survivors of the
Spanish-American' war formed the* line.
Commemorative addresses at the Isls
Theater, followed the parade, and appro
priate services and • addresses marked the
afternoon at Mount Hope Cemetery.
LOS ANGELES, May 30.— Memorial. day
was observed here by a parade of mili
tary and auxiliary organizations, services
in the Temple Auditorium and at Central
Park and the decoration of the graves
of soldiers in the 'various cemeteries. At
Playa del Rey flowers were strewn upon
the'ocean In tribute to those who died at
sea In the nation's cause.
Los Angeles and San Diego
Remember the Dead. .
OAKLAND, May. 30.— The members of
every post of the Grand Army of the Re
public united to-night in the memorial
services held at the First Congregational
Church under the auspices ot the Memo
rial day committee. George W. Langan
of Admiral D. D. Porter Post . acted as
president of the evening, and welcomed
the assembled comrades in a brief ad
dress, at the close of which Miss Susie M.
Gladding sang "Crossing the Bar" and
"Tenting To-Night on the Old Camp
Ground"; a reading, "Why Should -the
Spirit of Mortal be . Proud," by Mrs.
Marion Moore Seagrave, followed.
The address of the evening was delivered
by H. C. Capwell. The speaker told feel
ingly of the ever lengthening roll of. the
silent army of those who have answered
the . rollcall of death, and spoke of the
day when as the name of the last veteran
is called on Memorial day, the answer,
"Dead on the Field of Honor," must be
given by , some one not a comrade.
The exercises closed with the singing of
"America" by the audience, benediction
by the Rev. Smith, and the sounding of
"taps" by Dr. J. Hamilton TOdd, past
post commander of Admiral D. D. Porter
Post, G. A. R.
The Sons of Veterans acted as ushers at
the service.
blossoms of tbe Soutb
Cover Heroes* (Braves
Speaker Tells Feelingly of
Lengthening Roll.
Modern Chnnzrs in Rome.
It is too tnie. a correspondent writes
from Rome, that part of the Castel
Sant' Angiolo is to be sliced away by
orders of the municipality. This is a
power that works without any kind of
haste, but In a certain number of
months the pickax, which has altered
the face of Rome, will break the first
stone of the formidable fortress.
Though a part o f the mole, however."
the condemned bastion is not an inte
gral or an antique part. It Is the work
of Pope Urban VIII.' and. therefore,
early seventeenth century; and upon
the Rome of the pontiffs the Italy of to
day has no mercy. 'More than sieges and
sacks, the pickax of the sixteenth cen
tury destroyed medieval Rome and a
beauty of architecture we can only
guess at; and the substituted Rome of
the Renascence has now to bear many a
blow.— London Chronicle.
Services at tbe jffrst
ConQreoational Cburcb
young men may aspire to rise, rise to
catch a gleam from the glow of a
vision that shines in the radiance of
memory's fondest recollections of the
Memorial day."
The military salutes in both ceme
teries were fired by a detachment from
Camp Colonel Liscum, United Spanish
War Veterans, and taps were sounded
by John I. Southwich, the bugler of
the Sons of .Veterans.
Armory, where appropriate exercises
were conducted. .Members of the Grand
Army Post and the Relief Corps strewed
flowers on the water at the beach in
memory of the dead naval heroes, and
decorated the graves at both local ceme
teries.
SAN JOSE, May 30.— Flags were at half
mast throughout the city to-day. Memo
rial exercises were held In St. James Park
this afternoon. The graves at* Oak | Hill
Cemetery were decorated by the Grand
Army Posts and the public.
SACRAMENTO. May 30.— Memorial day
was appropriately observed In Sacra
mento this afternoon under the auspices
of the local posts of the Grand Army of
the Republic. The ceremonies took place
at the City Cemetery, where an oration
was delivered by Rev. Ell McClish. ;
FRESNO, May' 3o.— The graves of vet
erans were covered with flowers to-day.
The services were participated In by
members of the G. A. R-. Confederate
veterans and the Spanish-American war
veterans." This afternoon the ' G. AT R.
veterans and Confederate veterans
lunched together. .-
Alexander. As recently as last Friday
Cromwell felt confident that he had re
stored harmony and that an agreement
between Alexander and Hydo hrul been
reached. At the last moment, however*
Cromwell ana those w*n> liu^ ixieii
working- with him for peace saw all
their work go for naught. Hyde would,
not agree to certain mutualizatlon
plans that' Alexander demanded as the
price of peace. Hyde would not surren
der the power of control which his
stock holdings give him and would not
listen to any other mutualization
scheme other than that to which he had
previously acquiesced.
Rev. D. Rathbone delivered the address
of the evening, after which the audience
joined in singing "The Battle Hymn of
the Republic." Miss Evera Smith re
cited "Barbara Frietehie," Frank Argall
sang "Bury Me With My Grand Army
Badge," and Mrs. Darling gave a read r
ing of "Arlington."- 'tThe Star Spangled
Banner." was sung, by: Mrs. iLougboom.
Mrs. Young recited "Why He Wore : the.
Badge." Mrs.. Ursch gave a violin solo,
Miss Sybyl recited "The Whistling Regi
ment," and the audience sang "America"
in conclusion.' •
Superintendent of Schools S. D. Water
man, a member of the post, spoke briefly,
his subject being "Our Departed Com
rades." A funeral march was played by
Seta . Stewart and : Lincoln's address \at
Gettysburg was .read by, E. Nichols. The
school children sang. "Tenting On the Old
Camp Ground," and William, Wells gave
a trombone solo. Three little girls sang
"Our Flag." Master O. C. Cole recited
"Petersburg," and a > song, ; "The Pris
oner's Hope," was rendered by school
children. .
"BERKELEY. May 30.— Memorial day
services were held by Lookout Mountain
Post of the G. A. R. and the "Women's
Relief Corps in Odd \u25a0 Fellows' Hall to
night. Introductory remarks . were , made
by . Comrade Clough and prayer was of
fered by Rev. C. K. Jenness of the ' First
Methodist Epscopar Church. The Berke
ley Quartet rendered music and a flag
drill was carried out by eight boys. A
contingent fof I school children sang ! "My
Own United States.'.' \u25a0 ;
Programme of ;;\u25a0 Speeches,'
Music / and Singing.
riDembiiaJ; Exercises Hre g
IHelt) b$ Berkeley Dets
plete education in the most important
events in the history of N the United
States; The closing act of the produc
tion ends in three tableaus, representing
the development of the country, from the
time of the landing of the Pilgrims to the
present.
The play will be presented every even
ing during the present week.- . ' \:
AX EXAMPLE TO EMULATES.
Tou bad. in the first place, the right spirit,
and then you had the quality of making that
(spirit evident in the time of ' need. If. you
had not bad cat riot Ism. devotion to the coun-
Mucn. very much, has been done. In this
country by education. No one can overstate
the deLt that this country Is under to the ed
ucntnrs: but In taking advantage of all the
improved methods, let us not forget that there
aro certain qualities which are not new,
which are eternal because they are eternally
true, and the ' failure to develop which will
caupo a lorn which cannot be offset by any
merely Intellectual and mental gain. . A sound
body is a first-class thlmr, a sound mind Is an
pv.n better thing, but the thing that counts
for most in the Individual as in. the nation is
character, the sum of those qualities ' which
make a man a good man and' a woman .»
-ood ivnmiin.
And you men of the Civil War, you men to
whom tMs country 'owes- mire than to any
others, r.o matter h^w great the services of
those others may. be, because to you this coun
try ow«» its life; you won the place you did,
yc-ti won for- this country Its salvation, be
cause you had In you those qualities which. ln
their aggregate we know by the name of char
acter: the qualities , which made : you to , put
material • guns; material well-being,'^ not
merely below, but. Into insignificance as com
pared " to tbinps that were greater, when "• the
crises called fnr showing your manhood; , You
went to th<» war. •: leaving • those behind \u25a0> who
could mafce more money, who could rise In the
world, but carrying, with you In your hearts
the honor and the future of a mighty nation.'
And General Slocum did his first great pub
lic eervlce when the crisis called not primarily
for the softer and milder, but 'for the sterner
and hardir virtues; and we cannot afford In
this day cf material luxury, in this day when
civilization tends to make life easy, we cannot
afford to lenore those hard and stern \-lrtues.
In the work of the day in the world as It" Is,
not only In war, but in private life and in
public life alike, a man has to -have the
strength of fiber or he cannot put Into | effect
even the bei-t of his efforts, and he cannot
afford to let the generation that Is coming up
grow up with the feeling that any quality
will perve as a substitute for the old and es
sential quality of manliness In a man and
womanliness in a woman.
The surest war for a nation to Invite
disaster is to be opulent, agranressive
and unarmed. Xow we are opulent
and T hope we will remain mo. 1 trust
that we shall never be aggressive un
less ngrgression 1% not . merely - Jus
tified but demanded . either by our
own self- respect,- or ! by the Inter
ests of mankind. Finally, remember
that to be aggressive, above . all, to be
aggressive In speech and not be armed,
Invites not merely disaster, but tbe
conteiKiit of mankind.
Brooklyn not only furnished valiant soldiers
to the Civil War, but It furnished In times of
peace a most excellent Secretary of the Navy
to the United States (pointing to General
Tracy upon the platform). If our navy is good
enough we have a. long career of peace before
us. and the only likelihood of trouble ever
coming to us as a nation will arise If we let
our navy become too small or inefficient. A
first-class navy, first class In point of size.
above all first class in point of efficiency of
the Individual units acting as units and. in
combination. Is the surest and cheapest guar
antee of peace; and I should think that any
man looking at what is happening and what
has happened abroad and In our own history
during the past ; few years must be indeed
blind if he cannot read that lesson clearly. '
NEED OF CHARACTER^
I will put It fttronser than that— lt
in absolutely essential that this nation,
If it is to hold the position in the future
that it ha* held In the past, must act
not only within but without its own
borders in a spirit of Justice and of
larfre generosity toward all other peo
ples.
We owe an obligation to ourselves. \u25a0 we
owe those obligations to all mankind. More
and more as we increase in strength I hope
tv see a corresponding Increase in the eober
sense of responsibility ! which shall prevent
us either Injuring or insulting any other peo
ple. You may notice that 1 1 said "insulting"
as well as "Injuring." If there is one. quality
sometimes shown among us which Is not com
mendable it is a' habit of speaking: loosely
about foreign powers, foreign races. You do
not need any of you to be told that Mn pri
vate life you will resent an, insult quite as
much as an injury and our public writer*
need to steadily keep before their minds the
thought that no possible good can- come to
us by speaking offensively of any one else
and trouble may come.
That is one side.' The other side is that
no amount of good Intention, no amount' of
sweetness in life, no amount of appreciation
of decency avails In the least In the rough
work of the world as we find It unless back
of the honesty of purpose, back of the decency
of life and thought, lies the power that makes
a man a man. It Is true of the individual
and it is true of the nation. It Is In the last
decree desirable.
Xow I want all ycu people to remember that
two sides of the lesson Is taught by General
Siocum's life. A successful war for unright
eousness is the most dreadful of all things;
It Is the thing that gets back more than aught
else the course of civilization. But no people
worth preserving ever existed nor will exist
that was not able to fight if the need arose,
and so with the Individual. The man who
possesses great ability and great courage un
accompanied by the moral sense, a courage
and ability ungulded by the stern purpose to
do what is Just and upright, that man is
rendered by the fact of having the courage
and' the ability .cnly.so much the greater
menace to the community In which he un
fortunately dwells.
We cannot afford as a people e\-er to for
get for one moment that ability, far-sighted
ness. Iron resolution, perseverance, willingness
to do and dare, are qualities to be admired
only If they are put at the service of the
right, at the service of decency and Justice.
The man who possesses those qualities and
dues not shape his course by a fundamental
and unwavering moral principle Is a menace
to each and all of us; and thrice foolish,
thrice wicked is the other man who condones
his moral shortcomings because of his intel
lectual or physical strength and prowess.
TO BE ARMED A.\D AMIABLE.
Surely there Is need for me to say but
little in emphasis of what has been set forth
befor* I began to speak as to the prime sig
nificance -of General Slocum's career. He was
a great soldier, a most gallant and able com
mander. Once the war was over, he turned
as whol^-heartedly to the pursuits . of peace
as he had during. the war turned to the strife
of arms. He was one of those men on whose
car*«r we can dwell In Its entirety. We don't
have to dwell wli.h emphasis on part of It be
cause we do not care to speak of another part.
We are able to point to General Slocum as
tiiat type- of what a decent . American citizen
should be. an a man who was an example In
his family life, an example in his business
rt-latiur.s, honest and upright public servant
no less than a fearless and able soldier.
late them upon the good fortune of having the
lellow citizen who ?n war and In peact alike
served the people so well as to make it their
duty not so much to him as to themselves to
erect the statue that It might serve as a les
son for the i,-Piietatir;ns to come, and my fel
low citizens. 1 am sure we all reallz: the
pocuhar appropriateness of having th» statue
of General Slocum received on behalf of the
City of Xew York by its Chief Magistrate
whose father was General Slocum's llustrious
colleague. ./.- -
LKSSO.V OF SLOCUM'S LIFE.
BOSTON, May 30. — The graves of .sol
diers of the Civil and Spanish; wars
buried in New- England were decorated
to-day. The resting places 'of many
Confederate soldiers were among those
honored. - .
The South Remembered.
'. MOUNT VERNON, "Wash.," May 30.—
Congressman F. W. Cushman'.'ot . Ta
coma delivered a stirring Memorial, day
address here this afternoon. .-'As he drew
toward the close he launched into a fear
less discussion of the present labor
troubles. -:: ;^ -,
Delivers Stirring Hbfcress
WASHINGTON. May. 30.— National sa
lutes'by batteries of United States ar
tillery, processions of .yeteransUo differ
ent cemeteries, strewing -of flowers upon
the graves of men who participated in
the Civil War, orations, 1 martial -music
and . songs marked . Memorial day in the
national capital. -There are 'many points
about :the city where soldiers are buried,
and none :of the -'graves "were ' neglected.
The Arlington National Cemetery, where
not. only thousands; of? enlisted '~ men are
buried,' but wheresliet the remains of
many prominent officers,' was the prin
cipal; point of interest. I ' -Here Senator Jo
seph B. Foraker of Ohio,' a : soldier of the
Civil War, 'delivered; a, patriotic address.
An Interesting feature of the ceremonies
at Arlington ' was g attribute from Cuba
to the dead of the: Spanish war. Senor
Rivero, Charge d' Affaires, i accompanied
by all' the* members of the Spanish lega
tion, went to the. cemetery and placed a
wreath upon the monument which marks
the graves of the ', sailors" of the Maine
and also decorated the graves of soldiers
who fell during the Spanish war.
Hfcbress b£ (Bompers.
DENVER, May 30. — A feature of the
memorial exercises in this city was an
address delivered by Samuel Gompers,
president, of the American Federation
of Labor, at the grave of Rev. .Myron
Reed, which is decorated " annually^ 6y f
the labor organizations. "'^ ;l V'
Continued from Page 0, Column 3.
H>ecorate (Braves in flMate.
\u25a0 -We to-day meet to celebrate this great na
tional . day of mourning. \u25a0It is a day of res
urrection; It Is a day of silent communion: It
Is a day of extreme satisfaction *to feel that
out of that great conflict there came a re
generating and revivifying of loyalty. .In the
city of New^Tork to-day the Confederate vet
erans are marching- side by side, elbow to el
bow with the Union veterans, and they deco
rate the graves of their departed comrades to
gether. We see to-day the same generation of
men, -the men who forty years ago were fight
ing each other, side by side, laying garlands
of love upon the . tombs of those who ; have
gone before, making no distinction nor differ
ence, but laying the wreaths equally upon the
graves of Union and Confederate soldiers, a
tribute : of love from the living to the dead.
Oh, think of 1C my friends, and let there
spring up In your mind a sense of the grrand
ness of the institutions and the people - for
which and for whom you* fought.
The exercises closed with the singing
of "America" by the audience. '--'^-,
The graves were decorated . with flags
and flowers by the members of the home,
assisted by the ladies of Unity Circle.
At 2 o'clock all assembled in Social Hall
at the home, where the literary exercises
of the , day were held. A salute to the
dead was given by Unity Post, after
which a short address of welcome was
delivered by Charles M.Ross, commander
of the post, who also read Lincoln's Get
tysburg address. The splendid singing of
Mrs. Grace Davis Northrup thrilled the
audience. \ At intervals throughout the
exercises the Veterans' Home Band dis
coursed appropriate music. Hugh M.
Burke, a director of the home, acted as
chairman. . \u25a0
Thomas B. Dozier was orator of tho
day. He touched the hearts of the vet
erans, and their friends with his stirring
address. He spoke at length of the feel
ing of harmony which now exists between
the North and the South. His eulogy of
President McKinley was superb and deep
ly affected the audience. Dozier said, in
part: <~
I come into beautiful Napa Valley and. find
this magnificent home erected,' not as a.char
ity for the survivors of the wars, but as a
fitting recognition of their well-earned rights.
Here they have a home nestling In the most
beautiful spot •on the face of • the earth. In
looking upon this .. audience I, long 1 -for the
tongue of eloquence and wish that the divine
afflatus - had descended upon me so that by
my speech I might demonstrate how much
more firmly united are .the people of this
country than they were before the Civil -War
with all Its dire consequences. It is better
for the people of this republlc^that the war
was fought. It Is better for the success of our
civilization. -.'. It^ls'" better /for".' the teachings
that are to be Instilled In our children that the
conflict came. How much . more do we know
of the noble men. How much have we to ad
mire, to - reverence, aye to worship, "How
much have ' we to look = upon that Is sacred,
aye divine. How much has been sacrificed upon
those altars of blood. \u25a0 • \u25a0 •: •;'..•\u25a0
YOUNTVILLE, May 30.— Memorial day
was -fittingly observed .with appropriate
exercises at the Veterans' Home to-day.
At 1 o'clock Unity Post No. 171, Grand
Army of the Republic, Mexican Veterans,
ladies of Unity. Circle, G. A. R., the
school children from near by towns , and
members of the home formed in line and
marched to the cemetery. A funeral
march was feelingly played by the Vet
erans' Home Band. At the grave the
Grand Army ritual was read, the band
played a dirge, taps were sounded and a
salute j fired. /
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Strew Flowers O\er the
Graves of Heroes
in Blue. </;.'!.
Cuba Remembers Men
Whose Blood Gave
Her Freedom.
A / TV 7 r 1
Aged m Defenders of the
Starry Flag Visit
Cemetery.
In a public address at the
dedication of the General Slo
cum monument in Brooklyn
yesterday, President lloosevelt
took occasion to emphasize the
need of, a mlgrMy navy. "I
shonld think," he said, "Hint
any man looking at what [fa
happening: and has happened
übrond and in onr history dur
liikt the past few years must
indeed be blind if he cannot
reud Jhat lesson clearly." The
President paid v glowing trib
ute to the veterans who saved
the Union, and spoke In praise
of the men who fought for the
South. He cautioned ngralnst
\u25a0peaking; loosely or slightingly
about foreign powers, and
stated that "the Kurest way
for .a nation to invite disaster
Is to - be opulent, aggressive
and unarmed."
y^f r J TIT • • o
(jrrateful JMatton o trews
Fltwers on Graves
of Soldiers.
NEW YOPaC, "May 50 t — la a stirrjng
address delivered at. the unveiling: of v
big statue of General Henry .W. Slocum
in Brooklyn to-duy President Roosuvelt
paid a splendid tribute 10 the'men who
composed the Northern armies, but did
not forgret those who fougrht* for the
Confederacy. JMost notable in his speech
were an expression of the hope that, as
the nation increased in 'strength, there
tvooild come a corresponding' increase in
its sense of responsibility which would
prevent its people from either injuring
or insulting other people, and his dec
laration that the surest way for a na
tion to invite disaster is to be opulent,
aggressive and unarmed.
siKnliH-«nt, In the Ilgrht of recent
event*, via* bin nfutertion that, "If oar
n:n y In -ond enousrb, ire have n long?
career of peace and prowperity before
us nnd the only likelihood of trouble
ever eotnfne to afi aft it nation will arise
it Tve let onr navj- become too «mall or
Inefficient. A first-class navy, firnt-clafts
In point or *lze, above all first-class In
point of efficiency, and the Individual
unit acting as units and In combina
tion, Is the surest and cheapest fcuarun
tee of peace. I shonld think that any
man looktnar at , what Is happening and
has happened abroad and In our history
durlns the past few jrars must Indeed
be blind If he cannot read that lesson
clearly."
DEMONSTRATION BY PEOPLE.
The President was in New York City
five hoars, but during that time did not
' pat his foot In Manhattan, passing
eroynd the island in a ferry boat to the*
Brooklyn Bide of East River, and after
the exercises returning ln° th* same
fashion. The entire trip was without un-,
happy Incident.
i The President arrived in jersey City- at"
7:os a. m., and was met by a committee
headed by Frederick H. Cunnison ef the
Union League Club. W. E. Pulitzer and
ex-Mayor Charles A. Schleren'of Brook
lyn. He traveled in a special car at
tached to a regular express on the Penn
sylvania railroad. The President was ac
companied only by Secretary Loeb and
Dr. Stokes.
The party immediately boarded a ferry
boat and was landed at the foot of Fulton
street. Brooklyn. There the party was
met by. Troop C. and escorted to the"
Union League ; Club xooms. Along the
route flags were flying and thousands of
people lined the streets. Mr. Roosevelt
was constantly acknowledging the en
thusiastic reception tendered him. Thou
sands of people were .in waiting at the
club, but they had only a glimpse of the
President.
Brtakfast was served to a party of 100,
efter which there was a brief reception.
On leaving the* Union League Club the
President proceeded between cheering
lines ot people to the plaza, where the
crtat bronze statue of General Slocum by
Mitc-MonnJes was to be unveiled. Two
**.<at stands facing , the statue were
tilJed with people. The arrival of' the
Presidential party was signaled by the
firing of a salute of twenty-one guns.
Mayor McClellan greeted the President
cordiajly, and the multitude gave him an
ovatipn.
, CiJEXEUAL, SICKLES CHEERED.
The crowas burst into cheers as Gen
eral Daniel E. SJckles, who fought with
General Slocum, walked on crutches,
toward the unveiling platform. Th? gen
eral had to be lifted almost bodily up th»
steps.
The exercises at the unveiling began
with an invocation by the Right Rev.
Bishop Frederick Burgess, Episcopal
Bishop of ' Long Island:*
The statue of General Slocum was un
veiled by Miss Gertrude Slocum, the 17
year-old granddaughter of General Slo
cum. amid the cheers" of thousands. A
Falute of thirteen guns was fired as Miss
Slocum drew aside the flags which veiled
the statue.
. In accepting the statue Mayor Mc-
Clellan made reference to President
Roosevelt's own service as a soldier, and
said that it was fitting that the Chief
Magistrate of the country, "himself a
gallant ..soldier, should be present at the
unveiling, of a statue to one of the na
tion's greatest \u25a0 heroes."
The crowds rose and stood bareheaded
while the band played "The Star-Span
jgled Banner." after the Maypr had con
cluded his speech. As Jhe last note, of the
hymn' died .away, the President began
his address." He spoke for about thirty
minutes. He said:
SPEECH OF PRESIDENT.
Mr. Mayor. Mr. Commissioner and you, my
Xtilow-citizens. and above all. you who took
paj-t :n the great war In which the man whose
*t*tue, Js raised s to-day won for himself and
his country renown and* honor: Day before
jt-sterday I listened to a sermon in which the
preacher, dwelling upon the exercises to be
held throughout the Union to-day, preached on
the text which commemorates th-e altar raided
by command of Mones to commemorate the
victory gained by the children of Israel over
the wild tribes of the desert, who -sought to
liar th^lr march toward the promised land,
wherein Am&lek came out of Israel, fought
all day while" Aaron and Hur upheld the hands
of M'ses until as night fell the sun went down
on the Israelites and raised an altar to
Jehovah, who etood as th» exponent of the
principle for which Israel warred. They raised
it \u25a0to the principle ot righteousness, which
S-lont can justify any war or any struggle,
end. Mr. Mayer, that Is the thought that you
'developed in the excellent address to which
we h*ve Just listened, that we make to-day
cerr.mcir.orate the preat victory, the triumph of
the cause of Union and Liberty: not primarily
because It was a victory, but because It was
a victory for righteousness and the peace and
the hbfrty and the eternal spiritual welfare
of mankind.
I rcc before me men here Tvho iron
lii^li honor as comrades In arms of
General Slocum, and I knorr that there
esjMts In the Union no mra who will
appreciate more the fact that now,
forty years after the war, the eroTvnlnsr
triumph of vrhnt they did is to hcfmnnl j
In the fact that we Imve n cmuiiirly '
reunited country, a in which
the m«n r.ito wore tbe blue Mtrctclies
oat the hand of loyal friendship to his I
cr*twbt!e foe, his now devoted friend
and fellow countryman, tbe man who
wore the srrty.
BLESSINGS FOLLOW WAR.
A short while ago I passed through the
t:roz: State of Texas. Wherever I stopped in
that grtat Stat* I was greeted by reprcsen
laUv-.s cr the Grand Army marching side by
Bide with or Intermingled with men clad In I
ttte pray uniform that showed that they had
Xougfct in the armiMs of the Confederacy, men
who had tested one another's worth on the
etrlcten ffcld: mm who knew each that The
other h^C bren ready when the hour of »v- j
prcmo appeal come to chow lilß worth \ry his
endeavors, nnd men who now leav* to their
cliildrrn and their chlldr.'n'ji children as a
heritage of honor forever the memory <>f the
trrcat deed* done alike by those who fought
u:idfr Grant and by those .who fought under
1/ec. for we, bfi'oauFQ of the very fact that the
Union triumphed, now. have Uie right to feel a
Hue r>ride- in the 'valor and devotion of those
w!.o valiantly /fought apalnst the stars In
.their courses and' tho*e who finally raw their
effort*, thflr «uff*rlnß« crowned by triumph.
\u25a0 Thir.k of It, my fellow countrymen, think
of. what a thrlce-blppsod fortune has been -our*
that the greatest war thai the nineteenth
c«*ntury saw after tht close of the Napoleonic
ptrusKl<»s should have left, nnt as most warn
Inevitably do and muft leave, memories «f
bittempss. dishonor nnd phsme to offset the j
memories of pl<?ry. memories which' maS* the .
men" on cue side hang their heads, but should
have left Instead ,to the victors and van
qulßhfd aliiw. after the temporary soreness Is
over, the urtiit- right to feel th» proudest eatis
lartlrn In the fact that the Union was saved.
I congrctu'late the peopl* of Brooklyn, not
primarily upen ralslnr this statue, because
they ouglit to. but upon the opportunity, upon J
tfic chance of having It to raise. I concratu- I
Chief Executive Speaks" in Brooklyn at the Unveili?ig of the
-.1 , Monument Erected to Memory of General Slocum.
try. and" the flap, you could have done noth
ing-. \u25a0 You could not have done much If your
patriotism and your devotion .to j the flag ; had
not been backed up by a willingness to stay
put In battle. You showed In times that tried
men's souls what this country has a right to
expect from its sons. You had the supreme*
good fortune In testing your i manhood In one
of the two great crises of: the nation" s history,
the great crisis In which the nation, was born
In the days of 1770 and the no less great crtsia
In which the nation was saved : by the men
of 18(51. You have left us .: not merely a re
united country, but you have left ua the,glo
rious heritage \u25a0of the memory of the exploits,
of 'the qualities by which » the country was
left reunited . ' •\u0084 / \u25a0
Our days have fallen in times of fV*e
have not had to show the qualities that you
showed In the dark years I that I closed in the
sunburst of Appomattox, - but If we \u25a0 are to
leave undlmmtd to our children the heritage
that you left to us, we l must chow In peace,
and should the need' ever^arlse, • In war, also,
the qualities • that' you showed, the qualities
that make it now the plearantest of all tasks
for a public servant, who appreciates the
greatness of America, to come on an occa
sion like this and see the people of a great
city dedicate a monument In honor of a great
citizen, who. at every point of his career, illus
trated what the name American should be
when It Is used In the sense of the highest.
Its deepest and its beat significance.
After the address Bishop McDonald
delivered the benediction and the Pres
ident and party" walked across the
street to the reviewing: stand. There
the President, the Mayor and officials
reviewed the . Grand Army parade and
then the President made a hurried dash
to the naval Y. M. C. A. ; .
A rapid Inspection of the building;
the gift of Miss Helen Gould, was made
and then the President delivered a
twenty minutes' address. The Presi
dent said in part: • • : \u25a0
Officers and enlisted men of the United
States Navy and you, friends of tha nayy —
for if you are good Americans you" are nothing
else — I made up my mind to-day, though many
Invitations were extended to me, that I could
not refuse to come to this building and meet
you here. I don't have to tell you that I be
lieve with all my heart in the navy of the
United States, and I believe In what counts
most in this nayy — the officers and enlisted
men, the man behind the gun, the man In the
engine room, the man In the conning tower, the
man. wherever he Is. who Is doing his duty.
Too much cannot be said to Impress on you
the all-Important work you are doing. Even
if you • never go Into battle you create a
spirit that makes those coming after you feel
able to do their duty. The time of peace
Is the time to make ready for war. I "do not
think we will have any war if we have a good
enough navy. Every first-class record you
make at target practice is a positive provoca
tion to peace. . : * \u25a0 • <
The sailors, cheered the . President as.
he finished his speech. He hastened to
board' a ferry boat for Jersey City.
There his car was attached to a Penn
sylvania Railroad express and he left for
Washington at 10 p. m.
Old Soldiers'' Home Is
Scene of Impressive
Services,
Tribute
Paid to the
Hero Dead
Veterans at Yountville Remember the
Comrades Who Have Gone Before.
President Roosevelt Makes Strong
Plea foe an Armed and Just Peace
To the Departed Heroes of the Country's Wars
• : \u25a0' TiiE.: SAN- FRANCISCO CAUL,: WEDNESDAY,, MAY 31, ,l<)05 :
THOMAS B. DOZIER. A BRILLIANT ORATOR. WHO TOUCHED THE HEARTS \
OF THE OLD SOLDIERS AND THEIR FRIENDS DURINO THE MEMORIAL
DAY EXERCISES AT THE TOUNTVILLE VETERANS" HOME YESTERDAY. |
/CARPENTER INJ^RED^BTiFALL:— Ala
meda.*v May i 30.— Alden ; Higglns, *; a ';, carpenter,
fell sixteen, feet to-day from -the scaffold on a
building :\u25a0 In I course ; of : for r J.I H.l Sotn
mers at the corner, of Sherman street and Rail
road avenue.' ; He struck upon a! floor .Joist and
sustained internal Injuries that T may .result se
riously..Hlgglns resides at 320. Eighth street.
rkabla.n<L'V> " KiiAKjVi'SiSSSJfCSf*
\u25a0'•:\u25a0 SANTA CRUZ, ' May ; 30.— Memorial j day'
was observed; here with r flag-raising7and
al parade ' in ~\ which old ( soldiers, ( the ;W
men's - Belief j Corps,-,'school '% children , and
the Santa i Cruz , Company " of ; Naval Re
serves 3 took ' part' ; They ,; inarched i to '- the
Flowers- Are -Cast; on Waves
'\u25a0;<\u25a0 by Veterans \of -War.
flDen IKHbb 2>ie£> at Sea :
IKelt) in fillembn? Bear
The \u25a0 Japanese musicians, \u25a0 Iwamoto" ; and
Takaori.% will give . a; musicale J at the "iT.
M.' C.TA'."' Hall : on" June ; 3 at >whlch special
ly /selected* Japanese! music brill . be I play
ed on: European ; instruments. >;The\ musl- t
cians will remain: on' this coast during,the
summer;; und .will • go ; to ! school ; in f Boston
for ' : a year \u25a0 before ."studying-; In- Europe.'
Japnnene to {.Give. Musleale.
.-HONOLULU., May 30.— -The Territorial.Leg
islature 'adjourned to-night." -All - National
Guard appropriations A and •• the : appropriation
asked ; for; the Government "band, which has
been supported by the ? Islands for thlrty-flve
years ' were < refused by! the 3 Legislature.': .The
band 'will probably ; be maintained by the citi
zens ,of - Honolulu, t The National Guard is
likely. to': disband or will be j largely reduced .In
nU I? Unclaimed 'by the' 1 opponents': of .' the \ ap
propriations laeked.; for > that Governor Carter
has the power -under the army J regulations, to
vse the Federal forces and that he has superior
power In \u25a0\u25a0 this respect vto ; any • State Governor.
HAWAIIAN NATIONAL GUAttD .
IS LEFT WITHOUT FUNDS
7
Heart
Weakness.
Dr. Miles' Heart Cure has
made many hearts well after they,
have becn}pronounced hopeless. It
has completely cured thousands,-
and will almost invariably cure oc
benefit every case of heart dis«
ease. BjBJBBHB
Short breath, pain around
heart, palpitation, fluttering, diz-
zy, fainting and smothering spells
should not be neglected. Take Dr,
Miles' Heart Cure and see how:
quickly you will be relieved.
;It cannot make a new. heart, but
will restore a sick one by strength-
enihg thy -heart nerves and mus-
cles, relieving tiie tmnaturaJ
strain, and restoring fts vitality.
\u25a0- ' "I had a very bad case of heart trouble
For six months I could not work. Last
Ju.y I was plowing corn and feeling bad
all day; in the afternoon In plowing on*
row I had to lie down, or fall down,
three times. My heart throbbed aa
though It would burst through, and I had
difficulty in getting my breath. I pur-
chased a bottle of Dr. -Miles* Heart Cure,
and before I had wsed half of it I could
lie- down and slees all night Previous-
ly I had to get up from five to ten times
a night; ;i:have taken several bottles,
and my heart Is as. regular as clockwork.
I feel like a new man. and can work con-
siderable for an old man. 84 H years old."
-H.:D. McGILL. Frost., Ohla
Dr Miles' Heart Core" is »U by yon*
Onurrtst. "« who will roazmnt** ; that turn
first bottle wiU h«n«fit. If it . fails ha
will refund, yrfux moaty. ;^M|
* Miles Medical Co. Elkhart lad. .The latest lines mass all of the fullness above the elbow, and the inset-.of
the sleeve at the, shoulder calls for the cleverest kind ; of : handling if the cor
rect outline; is to be, attained. The full-length arm covering has -that part be
low, the . elbow to .follow the lines of the arm: but it is the •\u25a0 half - and three
quarter sleeve that is moat used. More than; one -material enters : into ; the
fashionable sleeve. Some, of the soft puffs are slashedito admit soft draperies
of. lace, | embroidery- chiffon and the like. Lace frills are used in multitude as
a nnish; cuffs are prominent and perched any where, and at aittiost' any angle
on the sleeve, 'and strappings are : made good use of to adjust the mass of full
ness at various points. r Wide, cuffs are the rule, and; to maintain 'the shape
either .' an interlining i of | Princess | haircloth |or ( else a '\u25a0\u25a0 feather-boned | crinoline
is used, the choice.; depending largely upon the class of material that fashions
the cuff. * \u25a0\u25a0 ' - \u25a0\u25a0'.'".;\u25a0'.
NEWEST CONCEITS. IN SLEEVES.
A STORY W ITHOUT WORDS FROM "ACROSS THE POND."
"Japanese only tricky." say* General Batianoff. Just co. And especially
Mtrong on the of V trict-^New York World.
Sev. Anna Shaw declares that women will never get the ballot until: they
adopt the slogan, "No ballots, no babies!" It Is the fool suffragists of this type
that have delayed the granting of woman suffrage so long. — Topeka Herald.
Statistics ehowing a great Increase in the^number of diamonds and . auto
mobiles Imported. during April arouse' a suspicion that the ' popularity of the
simple life movement has been somewhat exaggerated.-— lndianapolis News.
SHE COULDN'T QUALIFY
-, J. Ben Lee had a caller from the coun
try the' other ; day, says the Anthony,
Kan., Republican. ' **Be you the man who
makes ;picters?". she asked. Mr. Lee ad
mitted that he was.
; "Can : you make pictures of little chil
dren?" . .
' "Certainly."
• "And what do you charge for 'em?" was
- James Barton Adams, who, - with his
wife, stopped over in Houston a few days
last week, says the Houston Post, said
.that 'coming down from Denver he got in
conversation with a Texas cattleman who
sang? the praises of grand old Texas world
without end. ; ... - .' . : •
"You are not .of the same opinion as re
gards Texas \u25a0as Sheridan was," observed
Adams. \u0084 \u25a0 . ' • ._ ', : \" \,\u25a0
"What opinion was that?" queried. the
cattleman. .; .- . • \u25a0 . • .-
. VWhy, he said that if he owned a farm
in Texas and one in heir he'd sell the _one
in Texas, as he would rather live irirhell."
"No, I ain't of tKat opinion," observed
the cattleman! thoughtfully, '/and' I'll bet
Eheridan has" changed his mirid by this
time."
Few of us can boast an artistic /tem
perament and : a bank-account, too.
LTTERATURE OF THE JAPANESE
The Japanese' are serious minded peo
ple,, as their, literary' habits show, says
the Philadelphia; Ledger.* ; They take life
seriously and j devote their time to the
reading ' of what- would: be called in
America ; solid books.' The recent report
of the" iibfafian of the -imperial, library
lit Tokio ' shows ,that > there is» little de
mand for light literature* in that capital,
for fiction of any.sbrt, contrary: to the
experience of most of the; popular libra
ries; in } England, X] France and -America.
\u25a0^he. Japanese mind runs to science,
mathematics, medicine, language, and %to
whatVmay be termed, the ..graver -forms
of literature. More than . 40 .per. cent r of
the " i works . taken i out - of . the ; imperial
library are of this character. The uJapa
nese are very fond '-* of - history, in the
making _of _. which they are extensively
engaged j at ". present ; in ; : the r Eastern •' war.'
Engineering, -military i and naval ; science
receiveT much \f attention.' - The;: interest in
these subjects has been greatly stimu-'
lated by the war. " .
SHERIDAN AND TEXAS
V k ETHODS of religious cohYersiqn have been niade a study
"iV/Vt" hy Profeisqr-^FrederickyMor^ in two ways,
s4-v^\T -\oixce when/he '^wasj a Methodist minister, and later as a pro
•fessbr of sociology^^iri- Hamilton College. :He understands through
liis i ; e^enence as preacher.: they oM he con
demns them— -c^ven^ ffie^xvays^used by thje wonderfully successful iin?
drtcer .-; of ; - wi^rsfohs^ 1^ ';. Writing • m- 'f-The Out-;
look."; lie egresses? i^^opmionV^ati^ieV^ijiys^of ; crOAVii^reviyali^m
are hot y^t'dorie, but. tiat. in these crowds .'.'the yways- of ginning men
to: a" more \u25a0 ratiotial - life - : win;:;beVmoreVi3y a^^^rinai^deyeibpmentCof \u25a0
character { than ; by, th'ef, ' iy ot'r' '^''"i : \u25a0\u25a0 -If ''\u25a0\u25a0. '\u25a0': • i
r^^lhlexplainirig^primitiye \u25a0 traits> in> -religipus^reyivals 1 Professor
Davenport; analyzes succes^^.ofM Mc>qdy ;^^due\ to
experts ess in a sori^f:%p^tism.^ He believes. it;to be^ -deyelpp-^
ment of; that power which ih; its f -:cruid^t; : f6/m?^e'.;;'c_atv"enipip3r&i on
the^helpleis^bir&jyße 'Mbody^; made '\u25a0„ more
of ah J '^ppeal to icnarfs'. instinctive fear. ; Their plan was to bring
men together, sharply arrest their attention, fix their minds upon
issues of the gravest import, and distinctly discourage all critical
thought. Under these conditions men's actions "will > be reflex and
impulsive rather than deliberative," and the waves of -emotion of
either fear or joy will sweep the audience.' The hypnotic method
consists in inducing impulsive self-surrender rather than delibera r
tive devotion. There is a suggestion "of theimpotence of the hu
man will, and of the power that comes through complete surrender."
Davenport condemns this because its tendency is not to strengthen
the intellect and the will, but to submerge both under the billows of
suggestion and emotion. In the new evangelism he thinks there will
be less appeal to fear, not so much will be said of the soul's deprav
ity, and more of its infinite worth.
Aside from the curious interest of this analysis. by a. preacher
aud sociologist, there is much of wisdom," for by strenuously work
ing on the emotion of fear, perhaps more harm may be done to. the
sensitive innocent than good to the hardened wicked. There is a
story told of a preacher who had such a talent for vivid description
that when he once talked to a congregation about a terrible thun
derstorm an old lady in the audience put up her umbrella. If such
an exhortcr had exerted himself eloquently about hell-fire he might
have hypnotically made many in the crowd suffer as needlessly as
was the spreading of the umbrella. ,
THE I NEW % EVANGELISM.
Hoch der Schumann-Heink,
. Mother of.' eight.
Wonder-voiced -Ernestine!
. Isn't she sreat?
Maker of vocal chimes,
Famed in a dozen climes!
Babies to raise betimes !
Hoch! • Schumann-Helnk!
— St. ;Loute'Post-Dl3patch.
Vas lss der fund aboudt?
; Hush, little child:
Mamma cavort ' aboudt—
Peebles go vild! ." .
Mamma's \u25a0 in ' touch with them.
She won't do much to them!
Hear her talk Dutch to them!
Ach! Mamma, quit It! .'
Hpch der fichumann-Heink,
Mother of eight! -
Merr>^ Frau Ernestine—
, Tsh't she 'great?!. ~~. : '-, :.
Hark ye . the voice of her!
Mark ye the poise of her!
Ach! But the joys of her!
Mother of eight.
TO A PRIMA DONNA.
The United States dra;nk 964,000,000
pounds of coffee in 1904. ' Nearest to
-this quantity, out of ten other nations,
came.- Germany with 397,000,000 pbunds.
France used but 168,000,000. Great Brit
ain; was so busy, leading the world "in
tea-drinking-^-she used tip 256,000,0.00
pounds of leaves to Russia's 127i3uQ,000
and our own; 109,000,000—that.she.consu
med only 29,500,000 pounds of coffeeV
Chicory— that is another story. '
.:; :In beer-drinking Germany led- the
\u25a0way: with 1,783,000,000 gallons. Great
Britain was, second with 1,501,000,000
gallons. ..< The- United . States • with
1;49 4,000,000 gallons was a ; promising
third— promising' because back, in 1900
our s thirst for malt - liquors\.was satis
fled: with 1.198,602,104 gallons. ;
\u25a0 Russia and Germany both drank more
whiskey than -we in 19Q4—^the flgufes
for the three countries are. ;Jn~ gallons,
174,Q00,0.00, 134,300,000/ and ;;.1i1.00p,000.
Wo drank ln'l9oo about 103;330,000gal
lonsof whiskey -and brandy. ',. France
was .tlje.-. 1904 -leader in : wine, -.using
T;3i3,000i00O gallons,, whileiw'e'.were'a
bad seventh v with 43,300,000 : • gallons/
Still, . \vb'.adyarice. '. In .1900 Y pur:.: vsuffi
ciency in wine was . reached at 23,425,r
OOOt'galions. v . , .- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ;. , . ' ; / -
..This> per capita figures make' different
ratings. Holding our own in the quahV
tity'of coffee, drunk "per; head," we be
came insignificant in tea. were. fourth'
in distilled liquors and likewise in beer,
and eighth in wine.— New York World.
DRINKS OF NATIONS^
jrjSTrCE-CONSTABXJB— Reader; Pesca
dero, CaL The. law* dictionary definition.
at a Justlce-6f the Peace Is: *!A» Infer
ior Judicial .pfflcer wlfh 3arl3dlctlon;torde
termlna..minor"stattitory-contentions*;-and ;
to- \u25a0- 'comiaie \u25a0Wfenders;on crlmlnat, . com- ;
.plalntsi'V A'c^iwtabla ; is- 'defined ast -,**Aa
andt to :cxfecute::the processes of a.' Justice
6t~ the. Peace.". •: .; ..•:•:•->:.%\u25a0'• .. v .-.;."r-v;?* ; ,v
• SPANISH-AMERICAN • -WAR.^-S nb. -,
s*criher, C.»y. The cost-of tho Spanish-
American war to the- United States, is said
to have been- about: $2SI,GOO,COQ. The loss
of men; killed *nd&le& of vrounds Is
given 2SO^ which Includes 107 offlcers^The
number of 'deaths la camps la ; given '. as
iSQO. " The cost to Spain is given, aa $073.
000,000 .and' the lass.. ln war and- merchant
Ships *a5 '535,000,000." • \u25a0• / : \:- tj*<-^y?u£p%X.
the first Cabinet ,qfllcei3p?hoinas. JeXCerson
was. Secretary, of S.tate r XJenry^ Knox
retary ,- qf * Wan :* Alexander „.. Hamijton. I
Secretary-of -. the-. .Treasury; s :.and / Thomas
Ewlng Secretary. of the Interior.".: At this.;
tlsM\:j.ohn^Ha:y^!s<ae<s«'tary«pt.Stater'-\vr.'.
Secretary-of; . the-. Tjea3ury;;:tand> ISL: A.;
HltxJicock Secretary ; qf. tha Interior^;: ijfes
X SNQRING^S.v<>. •'\u25a0*."•. iP^iV;CU3nJ Bnbring
is ".the .; act ;bf breathing 1 . ..with, : • J peculla.r
, noise to . sleep. '•\u25a0Stiph an
modeS of .-: respiration :ls produced :.. by \ th%
deep;in^lraUons;and.:e^pUatlon3*thrbiiga
the^Msei'-irad-'fip^'-rmoiitii^th'^'ttbiae.jlie'j-'
Ing causejd by^the .yibralions ;of .soft
palate '.'and'^jivuia;; ;. the . noise
arises in ; the iglottls,^^: ; ifhe;.;y<3cal chordai'^l-'
bratinff';l<^sely;<-..^p^ig'"d^/x^t'ooettc.
when' the sleeper's.- mouth;''- la'i'elosedr.ll^'-.
MANILA ;BAXr : F.^:EV. 'CltyV ,'^ : Paring --'
the battle .fnVManila. ..Bay? la- May, ;'lS9B,^
Dewey's squadfott' . consisted; of* the fdl-»^
lowing named vessels": Olympia; (flagsblp),
Baltimore," . Boston, ' KaJel^hvrC^ncord^-Pe-^
trel and :M<^nUocb.'kThere.werft'on".*tW
vessels an ' aggregate "of 1634 , offlcersT ; ancJ ; ;
men- . : Thel'Spa^ish;': vessels tla^the/r^ay:.'
were thej- Keina. Cristlne,' Castlllal-V'elasco;
Don Juan 'de' I ; Austria*^©biirAiiioiilQ'J-de^
Ulloa. General .^io;; El ' Cano,y Marquesi ?
del Duero; Isla : de>Cuba? and'Tsla^ - Mlh-i
dajio. These. vessels^h".a^' l734 officers and "
men. v . \u25a0' "" "'.-? --
the next. lnquiry.... , \u25a0v - \u0084 .. >. £>%'£
•Three dollars, a dozen." ;..•\u25a0, \u25a0;.; •-« •\u25a0.>.
"Oh, BhocAs.'*.. ; said{;the>/w9ma^v^ : .a;
disappointed tone, Vhere Til? haveVtoV wall;
till next year, for I've'^^y; got; eleveni"-^
Townsend's Cala. Glace \u25a0 Fruits." lia^a^-''
tistic . flre-etched boxes. " .10 . Kearny '\u25a0\u25a0 ! sti!
and new store now open; 767 Market. st,**:
Special: information supplied dally - to>
business; houses 'and public men 'by \u25a0 th**'
Press Clipplnjc Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cali
fornia street. . Telephone Main 1042. •' .
REPRE3EXTATION.--Reader. Pesca
dero, Cal. The ratio of Congressional rep^
rcsentation in each; State is based upon
each census report. -In ,lSoJ,.;.the: repre
sentation was m the ratio of 1 to 134082
based -. on the censrus of jmd gives
an aggrregate of.-: 356 repceseiitatives^ *j.'^
THE \u2666LAW.- Subscriber, can Jose. CaL
No time has yet been fixed for the next
examination of those who will make ap
plication to be admitted to th« bar* but
it will be either In August or Septem
ber.- -\u25a0" : \ \u25a0:.:> :.. \u25a0\u25a0:' ".\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•
THE prevailing indifference to fire losses sustained by the coun
try is° a curious commentary on American commercialism. The
.returns show that- last year these iosses amounted to the colos
sal total of over $252,364,000, and the gravity of these statistics is
/intensified by the fact that nearly 7000 lives were -sacrificed. Loss
by fire is of course complete and absolute and it is a loss that must
necessarily be' distributed indirectly over the whole • nation. An es
timate of the titter destruction of property thus caused during a
number ' of " years would confront us with a material loss of which
the magnitude would-be almost inconceivable and by: the extent
e of that loss the nation as a whole is the poorer.
c Sari . Francisco in hex; early - : ; days :had^ sufficiently ste/rn lessons,
in' the devastating power of/fire: and for that experience she; paid
ihe full price. :( During the -six great /conflagrations that|po^n*feft in;
the course -of about half that number ;of; years the? loss .to" the .city
amounted to over $20,000,000. It was certainly ; a heavy cost, but
it niay perhaps fo -doubted if the; lesson ha&been; learned with .the
finality and the completeness" that its Vital; importance 1 deserves. V If
San Francisco no longer • sleep; tinker; the shadow of such dire ca
tastrophes, and; -^ may confidently ; believe -that this is irideed^sb,
her immunity is due: more -to; the efficiency^ and; ;the^ devotion of
her fire brigades than '{'id. the 1 prevention ithati is : '; always so much
better than "the cureJ %It is not enough; to promptly, extinguish fires
when they Ofcs^M^t^^y^yetu^f^liz^ that the experts speak
the words of truth and soberness when they tell us:: that the great
majority of these fires; that occurjcpuld be, and ought Jto be, pre
vented.
If it be indeed true^ that; these annual losses by^.firei are largely
preventable it is a 'matter that should ; arouse the; practical interest
of every sane commercial mind in the country. Her
struction of property is a national concern because all wealth in its
ultimate is national wealth. : The . prbblenivvvili^perhaps 'vbe tiiti^
mately solved by the appointment of State Gommissioners Iwhose'
<itity it will; be to pronounce definitely uponv^vhatVis • and^what is
not safe construction. S It is certain ; that unless; the >sttong ; :arin/pf
authority be- invoked we shaH: look in -vain '^Or^
statistics of fire losses that are \u25a0 TheißS bugfit
t»: beno 4elay in i solving a problem of which :the limmmence ;is vbe
yond all question' and " '<
FIRE PREVENTION IN THE UNITED STATES.
RESISTANCE.— S., City. In electricity
the resistance of a conductor la propor
tional to its length. A wire two miles
long will have twice as much resistance
as a similar wire one mile In length.
MAN AND HIS BOTTLE.
Funny, isn't it? Man's drunk when he's
full;, bottle's drunk when fit' 3 empty.
Mighty funny; man ain't drunk when he's
.empty, '..bottle' ain't 'drunk', when It's fulL
. Where does the drunk come from? Give
it" up; can't, be explained; 'speck It
growed, like Topsy. Perhaps the man
drinks the whisky in the bottle. •
No, no: he don't; the whisky is in the
bottle already. . Ah, yes, the man . drinks
the whisky out -of the bottlel ;':
| Perhaps so; but If he is a gentleman
perhaps he drinks it . out of a tumbler.
Of 'course, he pours 'the whisky out of
the bottle in the—
No, no: you are wrong again; hot any
other whisky that is out of the bottle;
we mean the whisky in the bottle. W,gll,
he pours the whisky In the bottle, oat
of the bottle, in the tumbler., v: : :.
Yeg.;that is tautologically correct. But
you ; need not " keep trying to trip a fel
low up so dtien. .: V \u25a0 ; . .
I am \u25a0- not trying to trip you up, ; only
to keep, you . from falling into mistakes. ;
• Vou . are ' . a nice one; if you don't " : try -to
trip me up you trip me down", '.and; that
•Is one way.tokeep a fellow I ' from falling;
• Into anything. But I' bear no 'grudge/
Go on. . . - ' '''\u25a0: ••'\u25a0"'••" \u25a0\u25a0''
Well, the man fills the tumbler full;
tut he' don't' drink the tumbler -full: by
a long shot. But if he wants to get Jolly
tight don't he drink the tumbler • fult-. *
By no means— he drinks the .; tumbler j
empty. And this expression, ."the tumbler
empty," placing the adjective after: the.
noun, is a sort . of. foreign: ldiom, which,
translated into English, means he drinks
the empty tumbler. Oh, I see now what;
you mean. When a man tries to drain
his glass a. second time, when there, is
nothing in it, he tries to drink the empty;
tumbler, for there is nothing else . there
foi him to drink. I never before underf,
stood what i men were trying to d 0."".-.':.
And finally the Annapolis cadets have
never settled the ; question, whether the
man drinks his whisky up or drinks it
down.— Washington Star. • '
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
: It ought to be one of. the aims of civ
ilization j to-day to help '.women to - forget
.their age. ,. t When the,, mind, becomes bur
dened r with years! the; body becomes bur
dened, too. Let • women : . forget their
years.-',;":.- •;-.•\u25a0-. ..;. //.'*.-.\u25a0 •.•'•"' ;-s:'- v .3 ':'.'r \u25a0'\u25a0*'..:'\u25a0'. :''
If a woman of. GO is really young, enough
to look 45, why should she be obliged to
confess to 60? ' ' • t " ."'\u25a0". \u25a0'\u25a0.
She is dot ashamed. She. is simply en
lightened. She has "caught on" to the
principle of being young. She sees that
age is not," a matter of years, but of
thought and' activities. Therefore she
keeps her thoughts fresh and vigorous
and" engages in pursuits that give mind
arid body plenty of stimulating exercise.
She keeps .her entire being so alive' and
so interested, she is so busy and her life
is. so happy that she hasn't time to re-,
member just how old she is. ; .
Do - not charge a woman' with deceit
who is disinclined \u25a0to advertise her age.
Her disinclination is not necessarily an
evidence of deceit. Rather,' it is a sign of
advancement. . \u25a0\u25a0."'' r \u25a0 '. ';' \u25a0
What is the secret? Wherein lies the
difference? Not in any change that has
taken place in nature's laws. Youth was
just as possible for women twenty-five
years ago as it is now. The secret is just
this: In those days women were not per
mitted to forget their years. The various
customs- and conventions prescribed by
the ignorance of the period to mark the
different stages of a woman's progress
toward the grave served to emphasize-^o
strongly the idea of advancing decrepi
tude that the yielding sex did not have
any choice but to comply.
Women have grown stronger and more
intelligent, however, hence the refusal of
the sex to-day to >c bound by such tra
ditions. The modern woman claims the
right to forget how old she is— as age is
counted in years* Don't ridicule her for
it and say she is ashamed to admit her
age.
Witness, too, the youth of women to
day who have passed the three-score
limit Thirty years ago the/achievement
would have been looked upon as impos
sible.
It is only by forgetting about years
that women are free to be young. When
custom permits woman to forget, she is
able to keep youth with her, not only in
her mind and heart, but in her physique.
It is when woman is perpetually re
minded of the flight of time that she
grows old. For instance, look back upon
the woman of 25 a quarter of a century
ago. She was an "old maid", hopelessly
out of the matrimonial market. Behold
the radiant bachelor girl of the same age
to-day. She is at the very perfection of
womanhood— she is young. The best of
life stretches ahead of her.
+ : — : t
THE State census ' bureau ; of Minne
sota has ruled that women cannot be
compelled to tell how old they are
when questioned by enumerators.
Good! This ia a step in the direction of
progress.
The right of women to forget age is
something our advancing, civilization is
beginning to - recognize. Any step that
will help women not to be old is a good
step. Any measure that will assist in
freeing the sex from the stupid tradi
tions of centuries concerning age is a
benefit to humanity— an aid to evolution.
Why shouldn't women . be permitted to
forget how old they are? It is -constant
remembering that really establishes old
age. It is continually holding in -mind
a record of the milestones one has pass
ed that fastens upon the mentality the
idea of physical degeneracy. And this
idea in turn pictures itself upon the body.
q^HE government officials of San Francisco have received no
| c ° uncertain summons to the bar of public opinion and there ought
* to be no doubt as to the verdict that will be delivered. If the
worthy elements of the city possess one-half the unanimity and the
determination that "is -evidenced by the unworthy, the^ issue will not
be for one moment in doubt. .The movement toward civic purity
seems now to possess a sincerity -that is very properly evidenced by
a small measure of self-reproach, and we may well hope that this
healthy attitude is the beginning of better things.
The case against the city authorities is not only a strong one,
but it is unanswerable. The whole history of, the city during the
past few years fs a Jong record of maladministration in every form
from dishonesty to incompetency. There 'is no longer any need to
labor the question as to' whether the city is or is not ill governed,
nor is there need to select illustrations either of the contemptuous
neglect of duty or of the greedy dishonesty that has forgotten, if
indeed it ever knew, how to feel ashamed. The revolting catalogue,
of public scandals has' become so monotonous that the disclosure of
new misdeeds is no longer regarded even as a passing sensation.
When official misbehavior has become ordinary and common
place it would be futile to expect any kind of efficiency in the work
ing of the departments upon which the comfort and the safety of
ihe- citizen so largely depend. Nothing is more contagious than'
graft, and nothing more quickly penetrates to the lowest stratum of
official life. Graft in high places, naked and unashamed, necessarily
means that the condition of .the streets is one of dangerous decay,
that the police force is undermanned, that violent criminals pursue
their evil courses with practical impunity, and that dishonest cor
porations are able to flout public interest and to coin the public
convenience into dividends. •
The remedy cannot be applied without self-sacrifice and hard
work. City politics cannot be abolished, and if good men will not
undertake it for the welfare of the city, then bad men will for their
own welfare. The key to the whole situation- is the primaries, but
the work must not be left to a mere handful of public spirited men.
]t must.be done by the 1 united determination of every decent element
in the city, of every law abiding and virtuous element. This ought
not to be a struggle of one political party against another, but rather
of honest men against dishonest men, of good citizens against bad
ones. :
CITY .GOVERNMENT AND REFORM.
ANGELA MORGAN
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL
JOItX D. SPRECKELS .....; .Proprietor
] ADDRESS ALL. bOMMUNICATIONS TO
.TOliy McXAUGHT. W. •. . '. Manager
IX BLICATIOX OFFICE^. THIRD AND MARKET STREETS, SAN FRANCISCO
WEDNESDAY °. .........< .MAY 31, 1905
WOMEN MUST
FORGET AGE
HIGHEST PAID WOMAN
IN UNCLE SAM'S SERVICE
THE SMART SET
SALLY SHARP
Oakland and Miss Josephine Wolsburger
of Austria will take place in London
June 2S.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Edith C. Cowles. daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Winthrop L. Cowles, ar.d William
Gardiner Colburn.
An Informal luncheon \ was given by
Mrs. Ertz yesterday at her Franklin
street home.
Charles H. Crocker and Miss Carlotta
Steiner of Chicago will plight their troth
in the pretty Monterey chapel on June 2L
This wedding will culminate an Interest
ing romance arising on shipboard during
the tour of Mr. Crocker and of Mr. and
Mrs. Steiner. with their daughter, about
the world. The coming event is on© of
Import to this city because of the.prom
inence of the groom-to-be.
Bishcp Nichols will to-day dedicate St.
Dorothy's Rest, the new home for con
valescent children, located at Camp
Meeker, Sonoma County. The California
Northwestern Railway has offered a pri
vate car for those who will attend, tha
fare, including luncheon, to be J3. Mrs.
jamea Lincoln Otis, the founder, has the
co-operation of several prominent women
who are warmly interested in the new
home for delicate babes and little ones.
Mrs. Eugene E. Schmitz will be hostess
at a larjre musicale at the Palace this
evening for the benefit of St Vincent de
Paul booth. It was Mrs. Schmitz's inten
tion to entertain in her own home, but
the demand for tickets was so large that
a greater space was necessary. The mu
sical programme has been arranged and
will be directed by Sir Henry Heyman.
Following will be a reception with the
serving of refreshments. The affair, to
be held in the maple room, begins at 8.
Admission is $L
Among those who will assist la the
programme are Miss Millie Flynn. so
prano; Mis 3 Lulu Purlenky. contralto:
Homer Henley, barytone; Mr. Schlott.
horn; A. Roneovieri. trombone; Julius
Kahn. reading; W. J. Hynes, monologues;
Mrs. John Shepherd, piano; the Goldea
Gate Quartet and a string orchestra.
\ Miss Cornelia Dean Gordon and
Isaac Oliver Upham will be the hon
ored guests at a tea to be given, by Mr.
and Mrs. : Dennis Searles on June 11-
Their new home in Piedmont will be
opened formally for the first time and
a very smart gathering^ from both
sides of the bay will be seen.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin was hostess at
a box party, at the Columbia Theater
Monday evening, entertaining in honor
of Admiral and Mrs. Goodrich and Miss
Goodrich. Among the guests were
General Shafter. General and Mrs. Sum
ner, Mr. and Mrs. Robert P. Schwerin.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Downey Harvey, Mrs.
S. G. Murphy and Mrs. Pacheco.
„ The marriage of Miss Rosalie Angela
Cunha and Dr. Harvey Vickers Murray
is announced for June 5. The bride-to
be: is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Emanuel S. Cunha and is well known
in the smart Set of Honolulu. The
wedding will take place at 9 in .the
evening at the Hotel Moana. Walklkl.
Lieutenant and Mrs. Patterson of
Fort Riley entertained a party at
Mount Tamalpais yesterday, arriving
at the summit for luncheon and spend
ing the day. The guest of honor was
Miss Goodrich, daughter, of Admiral
and Mrs. Goodrich.
Dr. Harry Tevis was host at a din
ner last evening in his home on Taylor j
street. Mr. and Mrs. lla^ry Holbrook,
in whose honor the affair was given,
were greeted by twenty guests, who
enjoyed, a delightful evening.
The beautiful yacht Virginia, be
longing to Mr. and Mrs. Edwin New
hall, is being brought- into constant
requisition these days, the weather
conditions being almost perfect. Yes
terday another gathering of bright
young people, friends of Aimer New
ball, enjoyed an' all • day outing about
the bay, and this is only one of the
short cruises of which many will be
made during the summer. *
The wedding of Samuel Hubbard Jr. of
, r. \ \u25a0
THE- SAN FRANCISCO^C ALL; WEDNESDAY, .MAY 31, 1005.
* DAME FASHION'S MIRROR*
THE highest paid woman in the
Government service is Miss Es
telle Reel, who is superintendent
of all of the Indian schools. She is
very handsome and distinguished look
ing, and not much over thirty years of
age. Though she has headquarters at
the Indian Bureau in Washington, most
of her time is spent in traveling about
all over the country, her task being; to
improve the management of and the
educational methods-adopted in " the
day schools, boarding 'schools,' kinder
gartens and other establishments
maintained 'by Federal authority for
train Ing .'the minds and bodies of. our
youthful '\u25a0'aborigines.'.: Miss .Reel's .pow
er in -such affairs is well 'nigh; ab
solute, . and she * has instituted many
important reforms 'in. the schools. -Her
pay is $3000 a. year, plus traveling ex
penses, and ' she T eams ' the money.;:
MISS E.STELLE.UEEL.
8" - •
The Palace Hotel ballroom, of ttimes the
scene, of revelry and brilliance, will pre
sent to-day a concourse . embracing the
elect of San Francisco— women and men
whose hearts and heads have worthily
Joined in the great cause of charity. Not
alone will benefit accrue to the nominal
beneficiary., for those who are generous
ly donating to the coffers of the San
Francisco Maternity, will have value re
ceived. A programme of enticing prop
erties has been obtained, the greater part
of which has come through the kindly
offices and influence of Mrs. John Cas
serly, whose word at a time like this Is
of inestimable value.
Miss Margaret Anglln, with her most
efficient support, will present a play,
having willingly consented to give aid
upon* Mrs. Casserly's request. This will,
also provide the public an opportunity
for a farewell glimpse of Miss Anglin,
who will be assisted by Hall McAllister,
Frank Worthing, A. R. Lawrence and
Mrs. Thomas Whiff en. 7 "; -X' .'I
The musical attractions will include
the famous quartet from "Rigoletto,"
eung by Mrs. Cora Hall, Miss Ella La
Endeavors of Society Women Result in an
BRILLIANT PROGRAMME FOR THE
BENEFIT OF HOSPITAL
DROWNED .IN ALASKA.— Advices from
Anchorage Bay. ' Alaska, V state \u25a0 that Andrew
Hoagland was drowned along with David
Barstow - there on May 7.- The news of Bar
stow's death reached here several days ago,
but nothing was said- then of Hoagland.' '
Weddine Invitations.
We give special attention to prevailing forms
and engrave visiting cards, -wedding Invita
tions and announcements correctly and reason
ably.- Monograms, crests -and address dies
made to order. Sanborn. Vail & Co. •
The California State Association of Post
office Clerks -.h'eidy its "annual meeting in
the [ League [of j the • Cross Hall yesterday
and elected officers and a delegate to the
national convention for. the coming year.
Thirty menjbers of the association were
present to talk over j the work in which
they rare engaged. It was announced that
Congress. was. petitioned for a mandatory
salary schedule to take the place of the
one. now in use. The conditions existing
at present are that it is optional, with the'
Postofflce : Department whether the em
ployes are deserving of an increase in
salary, and that some men working but a
shorf time receive more than older em
ployes. * . • '
The next meeting of the State Associa
tion will be held in Los Angeles at a date
to be determined later. Those present
were: D. B." Dwyer,-. A. Leibscher, J. : J.
McNaughton, N. E. Cashman, G. Feeley,
A. S. J. Woods, L. E. Derre, W. King,"
J. Rudee, A. Hearst, F. B. Sullivan, W.
E. Murphy, James Cone, J. L.. Sullivan,
G. Asmussen, F. B. McStocker, J. E.
Power, T. Flaherty, R. L.' Simon, I. Si
mon, G. McMichael, M. Klemhaupt, G. P.
Muran, of San Francisco; James Long
shore, v Sacramentoj^ D. J. McDonald, H.
C. Cantweli; H. G. Leonard, Oakland; F..
J. Meyer, Los Angeles ; "W. J. Wilson and^
G. V. Parker, Berkeley.
The officers elected for the year were:
F. "J. .Meyer, Los Angeles, president;
James Longshore, Sacramento, first vice
president; W. J. Wilson, Berkeley, second
vice president; Carrie Swank, Santa Cruz,
third vice president; J. F. Cone, San Fran
cisco, secretary; D. B. Dwyer, San Fran
cisco, treasurer; H. C. Cantweli. Oakland,
Isergeant-at-arms.. J. E. Power of San
Francisco was elected delegate j to the
national convention and. Ralph Faneuf as
alternate. .
Congress Will Be Presented
Petition ior Compulsory
Gradual Increase in Pay
WANT SALAEY SCHEDULE
Postoffice Employes Gather
ait League of Cross Hall
to -Hold Annual Election
MAIL CLERKS
HOLD MEETING
.' When. women have, a headache It is
spllttiny. but ; a man' can'tv have one
that isn't suspected/ to " be bust. ; . ,
Should be the best obtainable. The
Singer sewing-machine is acknowl
edged the lightest running, most dura
ble and convenient of any. Look for the
red S. 1818 Devisadero st., 1580 Market
st, 210 Stockton St., 1217 Stockton St.,
676 Valencia st., San Francisco, Cal. •
A Machine for Women
v Emil- Spltoni. a small , boy living .with
his 'parents i at : 71 S Cole : street," 1 unde^
took to play that he i was :an electric
lineman : in -the- park yesterday after
noon £n.d f as 3a iresult j he '..was taken* to
the'hospitalarfew^ minutes, later; with
a broken arm. {. In b his ; ambition to;fol
low 'In y the : footsteps \u25a0of % then real .work
men he climbed ;. one 'of the poles I in- the
children's: playground .and ;at the mo
ment fof -, success <; lost his , balance j; and
fell- to: the ground.'*: The -injured boy's
father; took him ;. home , after ' Dr. v ;: Stev
ens had ' attended to the set ting of the
bone/ , ' ","~ ;' v >. :i..": i .."' I v;' V^'-*'.'-' - r ';.
Plays Linenian and Is - Hurt.
Beatrice Glass, a six-year-old child,
was severely bitten on the lip by a
dog yesterday afternoon. Little Miss
Glass lives at 1859. 8u5h street and she"
had gone out to play with several. other
little girls. On a bench In Jefferson
Square they saw a dog- asleep with
just the tip. of its ,tail sticking through
the slats of the seat The temptation
proved too strong: to resist and little
Miss Glass was seized -with the desire
to pull the protruding .tallof. the sleep-
Ing animal. Awakened from his.slum
bers,-the dog made a. quick, jump -and
bit his tormentor oh : the lip before ', she
could get away. Officer Flynn saw; the
accident - and carried the child! to- the
Park ; Emergency Hospital, 1 S where the
lip was .' cauterized and ; the . little ; girl
discharged. The dog: belongs to Moses
Murphy of 55 Fell street. ''-'\u25a0:
Tweak* Dos'i Tall and « l» Bitten.
A special "excursion will leavelvia the
Santa Fe *to see ; the^waterf al Is , in : the! r
spring grandeur. •
On Monday, June sth, a limited excur
sion .will 1 : leave San I F.-ancisco for ? the
Yosemite Valley and^the Big Trees. The
party will be personally, conducted. and
will, take in all the great. sights of the
Yosemite trip. -; It is an exceptional 1 op
portunity to see "\u25a0 the ; : famous
while : the waterfalls are at their best
r may, ; be -made . at 653
Market street. l Santa Fe. Office.; . . ' •
Select Party for, Yosemite i Valley.
Organisation Given- Its Out-of-Tovrn
. Members a ' Chance to IQnJoy .
\ij\ -V "Ladles' : Night.*! -^ *' :^i'^-'
. VALLEJO, May 30.— -A special train bearing
125 ; members of the Vallejo Lodge, of. Klkjh and
many lady friends went to Suisiin jlast night,'*
where the semi-annual "Ladles' . Nlffht'ii-of
the lodge was held. The Vallejo lodg» Is the
only lodge, of :Elks lnf Solano County and as
many of. Its members are residents of Sutsun,
Falrfleld. Vacavllle. Dlxon and Rio Vista, ;tha
Sulsun gathering was planned. ;*; * - .-r- ;
VALLEJO LODGE OF ELKS
TAKES A TRIP i.TO SUISUN
An unknown woman about 40 years
old was struck and instantly killed by
a southbound Southern Pacific passen
ger train yesterday morning at 10
o'clock near Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
The body was taken to the Redwood
City Morgue, where it now lies uniden
tified.
The unfortunate woman was sup
posed to have become confused when
she was standing on the track and saw
the train rushing toward her. At the
place where she was killed there are
two tracks crossing at an acute angle,
one being the Southern Pacific and the
other the San Mateo County electric
line. :
Papers were found on the body which
gave the name and address of Mrs. Car
oline Patterson. 1787 McAllister street,
but Mrs. Patterson is • alive and' well
and does not know who the dead
woman can be.
Becomes Confused by Two Crossings
and Southern Pacific Cars Pass
Over Her Body.
SOUTHBOUND TRAIN KILLS
UNKNOWN WO3IAN^ INSTANTLY
Tired of the life that she was leading
and disappointed because the man she
loved had deserted her.' Miss Ray Lang
ford, a woman of the Barbary Coast,
drank from a bottle of; bichloride of
mercury in an : attempt ; to . commit suj
cide early yesterday morning:.- A po
liceman found her unconscious form; in
the gutter at the corner" of -Broadway
and. Kearny ' street/ and he carried \u25a0' her
to tho ! emergency hospital. Dr. Frank
Till man adopted heroic means to save
the woman's life and/she shows signs
of recovery and- repentance. ' ' *j*
Seeks Death by Drinking; Add.
Where the underground system ends
and the overhead might begin the car
can be switched,, so ' the inventor
claims, on to any other line by
simply raising; an, overhead pole with
which !\u2666 is equipped. .The cost of in
stallation : is estimated by the Inventor
at a trifling sum compared with the en
tire change of the conduits. A saving
is effected in the iron motive groove by
the fact that this cheap material' of
fers more surface to the "current than
the copper wire. The only other cost Is
the'laying of ; the main' feed wire if un
derground, or stringing it overhead.:
. The underground ;grooved rail is so
constructed as to ':.. be drained -of
water, the '\u25a0' Inventor claims.^ Where
switches . ; and crossings occur, the
grooved rail ceases ; and a flat plate is
substituted, over .which the cable loop
glides while the wheels of the car fol
low the desired track. With the. new
system a series of cutout boxes are ar
ranged so - thatj in case of accident or
fire a particular block may be cutout
without •stopping' the entire circuit.' .\u25a0';\u25a0:
Mr. Crouch expects his invention to
revolutionize electric road systems. He
has working models which on minia
ture tracks demonstrate Its "feasibility
and is willing, to ; meet the \u25a0engineers of
the ; city or the United Railroads in rdis-'r dis-'
cussion and' demonstration of its work
ing. This is the first time that the In
ventor has taken his proposition before
the 'public.
The scheme of the inventor provides
a. loop steel wire running lengthwise
under the car in a grooved channel that
Is charged with the motive power. This
channel is supported in the old cable
conduit on insulators and may be in
stalled in sections so that ' it will not be
necessary to tear up the. 'entire line to
make the change. The loop of wire
trails In the groove, in a manner re
versing that over the overhead trolley
where the grooved wheel runs along
the wire. In the former there will bo
six feet of contact, while the latter only
has a small segment of the' trolley
wheel. -<'-k-;
The three important things of prac
tical value In the new invention are
the slight cost of change from cable to
underground electric, the short time
necessary to effect the change and the
possibility of easy joining with the
overhead systems. The old cable con
duits may be used, says Mr. Crouch, and
the old slot retained. Several new feat
ures in electric railroading are also
added. \ ';<;•: &£:r
The main objection of the United
Railroads to the Installation of an un
derground electric conduit system on
the antiquated Suttcr-street cable road
has been the cost that such a change
would involve. This, according to a well
known electrical engineer, F. J. Crouch,
is obviated. •
"At the time the case came up before
the San Francisco Superior Court the
constitutionality of 'the law under
which the defendant was arrested was
questioned, as it was claimed j that the
arrest was contrary. ; to the fourteenth
amendment 'and! was enforced only
against Chlnnese..'* *
The Supreme Court of the United
States has upheld the ordinance of
San Francisco under which All Sin was
arrested in a gambling; joint raid, and
denied a writ of habeas corpus as a
subject of the Emperor of China by the
Superior Court, of the City and County
of San Francisco.-
Snatnlns Ordinance o- San Francisco
Under Which the Chinese Gamb
lers Are Arrested' in Raids.
SUPREME COURT UPHOLDS
DECISION. AGAINST AH SIN
INVENTION MAY
CHANGE SYSTEM
Selle, Carl Crichton and Otis Carrington.
Mrs. Cora Hall will also sing a solo,
"Chanson Provencale," . "by ..Dell'Acqua,
and .those who are familiar with her
charming tones know what a treat is in
6tore for them. * • .
A rare treat, and one to be heartily
appreciated, will be the harp playing of
Mrs. Casserly. herself skillful musician
and finished harpist. Miss Caroline Hal
sted Little, the well-known singer, has
also offered her fine talents, and a pro
gramme of greater superiority than this
will not be offered for many a day to
come. At the piano will be Evelyn
Lewys.
Fine draperies, hangings and furnish
ings, necessary for beautiful effects, have
been fully provided by Dr. Harry Tevls.
who has lent freely of his store of col
lections.
The comfort and seating of the audi
ence are in the hands of the Auxiliary,
of which Mrs. Harry Nathaniel Gray is
chairman, while tickets may be procured
at the door from Mr. Ames.'
The close of the programme will see a
reception to be held with the dispensing
of refreshments without extra fee. Those
looking to this attractive portion of the
day's pleasure are Mrs. John Metcalfe,
Mrs. Margaret Deane, Mrs. J. C. King,
Mrs Ballard. Mrs. Fennimore, Mrs.
Charles W. Slack, Mrs. Gaillard Stoney,
Mrs. C. H.'Suydam. Mrs. J. R. Wilson,
Mrs. Albert Houston. Mrs. W. H. Mc-
Cormick. , % '.
5 Finally and emphatically, there will be
no extra charge after admittance. The
entrance fee. $2. includes all. The tickets
are obtainable from the board of direct
ors or at the Palace Hotel news stand-
The hour is 2:SF and at 2 o'clock your
chances for a seat will be slim, so for
tify yourself early and go early.
I -THRKE MATRON'S WHO ARE TAKING AN ACTIVE PART IN PROMOTING
THIf ENTERTAINMENT TO BE GIVEN THIS EVENING AT. THE PALACE
I • HOTEL FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE MATERNITY HOSPITAL. ; _, . •
When a man says his mfnd has been
a blank, he might as well sign a con
fession of guilt. "-•'•' '
Watson C. Squier, former United States
Senator and Governor of- Washington, is
down from Seattle. , ''ih
Hugo Fisher, a weH-Xnown -artist of
New York and father of Harrison Fi-her,
who is also a prominent artist in the
Eabt, has arrived here, on a visit and is
at. the Occiden- ;
,|Dr. L. H. Marks of Oroville is registered
at .the Grand. 't. !; \. .• ..
.A. H. Naftzgor of Los Angeles' is at the
St.* Francis. yivliV-
George Musgrove, a theatrical manager
of Australia, is at the St: (Francis.
D. B. Lesser, cashier of .the First Na
tional Bank of Lamar, Mo., is staying at
the Palace.
Charles p. Lane, the well-known mining
man, and wife departed . yesterday for
Nome, where he has large mining Inter
ests. Prior to their going they were given
a reception in the parlors of , the Palace
by. a number of their friends.
James Farraher, an attorney of Yreka
and former Democratic ; candidate . for
Congress, i* at the Palace. " -
PERSONAL.
The cornerstone was then placed In
position by Dr. James \V. Ward, dean of
the faculty, who said that the structure
would be called the Hahncmann Hospital
in commemoration of the great deeds of
its illustridus namesake. .Dr. Ward then
presented the filvc-r trowel to William
Letts Oliver, treasurer of the iastitution.
•who has done much to promote the build
ing of the hospital.
R t v. Dr. A. C. Bane delivered an ad
dress on '"Hospitals" and said It was
iitting that the cornerstone of the hospital
thould be' laid on Memorial day, when so
many people were honoring the many
dead heroes of the nation. Prayer by Dr.
Bane concluded the exercises. During the
ceremony th© Knickerbocker Quartet
tang appropriate songs. ,.
The Hahnemann Hospital building will
cost $125^000, all of which has been sub
scribed by charitable donors. . Among
these are Mrs. Phoebe Hearst. SlO.OOfr; W.
W. Van Axsdale, $12,000; Mrs. El A.
Dr^xler. $5000; David Jackson. J6OOO. Th«
structure will be of brick, four stories in
height and will be open to physicians of
any school. *. .":
Mayor Schmitz delivered an address on
"Homeopathy. In and Out of the Hospi
tal." The Mayor paid a glowing tribute
to the school of homeopathy, to which, he
said, he had become an ardent convert.
He said that the new hospital when com
pleted would be a monument not only to
the building ability of its projectors, but
to the people who believe in homeopathy*
and have contributed its benefits to man
kind, Z'»A%
The cornerstone of the Hahncmann Hos.
pital was laid with impressive ceremonies
yesterday at the corner of California and
ivlaple streets. Several hundred Invited
sruests^ were present at the dedication,
which took place on an improvised floor
ing placed on the first story of the
building.
The opening remarks were made by W.
W* Van Arsdale. Ph. B. t president of the
hospital, who outlined the scope and
status of the institution at the present
time, and what it expected to accomplish
in the future.
Structure fo Cost $125,000
and Will Be Open to the
Physicians of All Schools
3IAYOE STAKES ADDRESS
Cornerstone of Haluiemann
Institution Is Laid With-
Appropriate Ceremonies
NEW HOSPITAL
IS DEDICATED
. \u25a0 \u25a0 .\u25a0.-......- .-..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 31, 1905.
9
AMUSEALENTS.
MAJESTIC B
Fifth Week of Ella Wheeler Wllcox**
MIZPAH
By ELLA WHEELER WILCOX
and Lvscombe Searelle. >
Evening Prices — 23c. OOe, 75c. Saturday
Matinee— 2sc. 50c. Thursday and Sunday Bar-
gain Matinees — Entire House 23c — All ' Ra-
served.
SPECIAL!
Two Weeks. Beginning; Next Monday,
MRS. I LEAH
FlSKE|kleschna
. SEAT SALE OPEN 3 TO-MORROW.
PRICES.../. ....$2. « 50. $1. 300
MAIL ORDERS FILLED NOW.
GRAND $Z%\i
BARGAIN MATiKiSB TO-DAY.
Best Seats 25c.
FA UK WELi. NIGHTS
FLORENCE STONE
In the Original
HOLY CITY
TO-NIGHT.
BENEFIT OF YOUTHS" DIRECTORY.
To-morrow. Souvenir Night.
Sunday matinee and night, CAMIT.T.TI
Summer Prices, 15c. 25c. 50c.
Bargain Matinees — Wed.. Sat.. Son.
NEXT MONDAY— BARNEY BERNARD
in THE FINANCIER.
SEATS READY TO-MORROW— 2Sc, SOc73c
This Theater Does Not Ad-rer-
tlse in the Evening Bnlletln.
""T"" — —^^^
WEBER'S MU^iu.
W. H. WEBER, M«a«s«r.
121-127 Mason st.. bet. Ellis and Eddy.
Phone South 713.
EVERY EVE. at 8:30. MAT. SUN.. 2:30.
MISS FRISKY
FROM FRESNO
A High-Class Mlisical Comedy in Two Act*.
(Stased by Lionel E. Lawrence.)
PRETTY GIRLS. TUNEFUL SONGS.
CATCHY MUSIC.
Admission 25 cents. Reserved seats 80 cents.
Enjoy Your Sapper and the Show at the
Same Time.
(^thU'WeiekOnly (
Resmlar price of the STAA SAFE-
TY RAZOR is 52.00. Price will he
raised to »1.50 after this week.
OTHER R.IZORS as low as fIJJO.
Every one guaranteed. High-grade
makes.
POCKET KNIVES, that you can
depend on, for $ 1.00 and up.
SCISSORS as low as 25c.
Two bars of Williams' 10c Shavins
Soap 13c
! RAZORS HONED and GROUND. I
HONING 25c. I
Mall Orders Promptly Filled.
THAT MAN WHS
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer,
100S Market Street, above Powell,
. San - Francisco.
THE
; PALACE
HOT Ei£
A scries of popular recitals
from the works of the best
composers is being given on
the pipe organ, supported by
an orchestra, in the Palm Gar-
den twice daily, from 13:30 to
2:30, and from 6:30 to 9.
— CMICH ESTER'S EN GUSH
Pennyroyal pills
US^v OHciaal »«<i Only ««aol»«.
C^^ML *" CHICHESTEK'S EN'GUWH
\u25a0r*H^'SRN^ la KED ml told metilUo box**. »».«J
v. — Z?(if3 with*ta»rtbb<»n. T.kr. »» «tk*r- KcAu*
W V^ *S > J l>**C*ri>m* "a h»tlloU»«. sad !»»•»
" / ~ iff U<m. Buy of your Un«|ln. ar mM 4*. m
W ' > iium !bt P>rtlni>n, TmMb«»U>
«• t? **41' Relief4 I ' Relief for L»d !«•."»* luitr.br n-
Aj fr tan Mall. 1 •.•«• TeMlaMaiata. Soli »/
— I an Dr««!»t». • Cktoii— Urn Cli Km U*J C«^
Hmtlm tbit ».?«. M»4JU.« M^un. fULLA^ fA.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
OUAEANTEED CT7SS FOB MZ3T.
HAXaxi^BSS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
cases In a few days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. NO OTS£3 TXHATMZaTT
KEQUISEB. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PBXVE2TTS . CONTAGION. Harm-
less.. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
g. B. KEU t T > B.Pty*«^*CT. 103 Eddy.
DDITCIIPC TOR BARBERS* BAK-
JjK UO 11 EiO e «- bootblacks, bath-
."tf.Vy***^ honseß. biniard tables.'
brewers, bookbindars. candy makers, cannera.
dyers, flour mills, foundries. laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe eta.
btemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors. Ma
; BUCHANAN BROS«
Brush Maauf act oxers. 609 Sacramento St
Evgs. at B :2o— Mat. Sat. at 2 :20.
Charles .Krchman presents
a^^ in, mr^m. Completely."
in the Actor in" his" wittiest and
farcical most lovable phase." —
romance. Examiner.
THE,- :^r 4 "company >U that
miKF /could be desired.'* —
UWI>I - Call.
0F -. L
KILLICRAIMKIE I -Wins merited ap-
plause and laugh-
By Capt. Marshall, ter."— Post. |
< Prices— ? 2, Jl5O. $1. 75c. Me. 25c.
TbU Theater JJoc».Xot Advertise In the
Evening Dulletln. \u25a0
AN ALL-STAR. SHOW!
LOOK AT THE NAMES!
La Jolle Titcomb: John C. Rice and Sally
Cohen; Empire City Quartette; Warren &
Blanchard; Sisters McConnell; Delia Fox;
Mabella Adams; De Onzo Brothers and Or-
pheum Motion Pictures, Showing "The
Moon's Lover."
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices 10c. 25c
and 50c.
This Thenter Does Not Adrertlae In the
Evening Hulletln.
ff CALIFORNIA *
Edward Ackerman. Lessee & Manager. M
ALL THIS WEEK |
\u25a0 FREDERIC BELASCO presents Jg
FLORENCE I
ROBERTS §
In the charming comedy. H
THE COUNTRY GIRL 1
Prices — ?1. 75c. 50c. 25c. M
i Next Sunday — Miss Roberts' great- H
est trlumrh. "MART A OF' THE H
LOWLANDS." H
This Theater Does Not Adver- ||
tine In the Evening, Bnlletln. m
FOLLOW THE LAUGHING THROXGS.
USUAL MATINEE SATURDAY.
SECOND WEEK
Of the Great Musical Comedy Success. THE
Book by Richard Carle; Music by H. L. Heart*
SPLENDID CAST OF PRINCIPALS.
GRAND BEAITY CHORUS.
A MERRY MELODIOUS ENTERTAINMENT.
First' Time at Popular Prices— 2sc, 50c. 75c.
This Theater Does Not Advertise in the
\u25a0- : Evening Bnlletln.
m '•v v^t a XI A : T\ Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR ma.
General Manager.
"Every one should see It."— Call.
*" "Entirely a success."— Chronicle.
TO-NIGHT— MATS.. SAT. AND SUN.
Bret Harte's Famous Romance.
TENNESSEE'S PARDNER
A Dramatic Object Lesson for Native Sons
and Daughters.
Kve.. 25c to 75c; Mats., Sat. & Sun.. 23c to 50c
NEXT MONDAY — The very great play.
E. S. WlHard's Success' of Two Continents.
This Theater Does Not Advertise in the
Evening Bnlletln.
Market St.. Near Eighth. Phone Bouth/533.
TONIGHT
All This Week— Mats. , Saturday and Sunday.
Sensational Society Melodrama.
vVMY HE DIVORCED HER
Introducing the Central'! New Leading People,
• .Bo*h- Direct from New York.
THEODORE GAMBLE and GRACE HOPKINS.
PRICES— Eve.. 10c to 50c. Mats., loc. 15c, 25c
This Theater Does Not Advertise In the
.-,; Evening Bulletin.
BUSCHrDEVERE TRIO, WM. TOMKINS
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon'
/ iind i Evening In the Theater. ?
; : SEE .THE JOHNSTOWN j FLOOD.
CHARLES BIGNEY,-? World's Champion High
- _. .. .Diver. . . . ."..". : \u25a0' .
\u25a0 RIDE ON THIEJ CIRCLE SWING. T
1 .2 BABY TIGERS IN THE ZOO. ;
Visit the" HOME of the HAPI»Y FAMILY
< Amatenr Night Thursday. '
ADMISSION.'. .-. . ..10C: | CHILDREN....... Oc
This : Theater Does Not Adver-
' ' ' tiw :. In J the r Evening % Bnlletln.
AA6-:T- HESS,
' . Notary. Public and \u25a0 Attorney-at-La w.
Tenth' Floor.' Room 1015. Claus. SprecJseU blilg.
•\u25a0-••\u25a0\u25a0-. Telephone "Mala 963. • '
\u25a0 Residence. ISO 2 McAllister st. T -
Residence Telephone Pas« 5641.
ADVER'riSEMEXTS.
Catarrh of tha Throat and 'Bronchial
Tubes Is the Most Prolific Cause
of Consumption, Electro-chem-
istry Ciires Bad 1 Cases of Catarrh
That Has Reached the Air Pass-
/ ages vand Lungs. This-ls the
Best Season of/the Year to Treat
Consumption and Catarrh, Na-
ture is Doing All She Can at
This Season. E!ectro-Chemis-
try Assists Nature by Deslroying
the Disease Germs And Oxygen-
izing the Blood.
: • MRS. :M. MacDOUGALx). . '
A case ' illustrating- the clanger of neglected
catarrh is that of Mrs. M; . MacDougall of
400 Oak street, San Francisco. Mrs. Mac-
Dougali had Buffered. from catarrh for a long
time. Shf> did 'not pay much -attention to it
and all at once it attacked the lunjcs. She
lost; weight and strength rapidly. She had a
wracking .cough. She expectorated • great
quantities ; of pus from the lungs and bron-
chial tubes. - She had bad night sweats. She
was iso i short \u25a0of breath that j ah* could hardly
get \u25a0 around. . ; In , this .* bad condition, she : f or-
turately 5 heard of the - Electro-Chemlc treat-
ment and happily for her th« treatment proved*
curative from the \u25a0 beginning : and she ; is ' now
perfectly well. \u25a0'...;
"j. „' This ; is -Just . one = more case Illustrating the
.wonderfully : curative \u25a0 ; effects of \u25a0 Electro-
chemistry in seemingly Incurable cases. It Is
•i worth "• any ' one's \u25a0- time - to = investigate - Electro-
Chemistry. \u25a0 Consultation \u25a0 and ' examination In
all cases -Is free. Electro-Chemistry Is success-
ful In all diseased conditions and Is especially
recommended-in-consuraptton,: catarrh, asthma,
bronchitis, deafness, ringing ears, head noises,
dizziness, cancers." . tumors. \u25a0 ulcers, old V sores.
eczema, | pimples,/ eruptions, : headache,' . neu-
ralgia, \u25a0. rheumatism, locomotor ataxia. para-
lysis, -. eczema, blood ; poison, diseases -. of.- the
stomach, .' liver ' and * bowels, \u25a0 constipation, tndl-
gestlon,' : piles. -' ftstula, * 5 female . dls«iases/ such
as displacements, J irregularities. • painful ovar-
ies. ;In diseases 'of the kidneys. Brigrht's dis-
ease, diabetes; , inflammation 'of the bladder,
special :' diseasies " of; men, * »uch as prostatitls,
nerve > exhaustion, stricture : and enlarged \u25a0 pros- .
tate. ;;The;: Electro-Chemle , home treat-
ment ts very successful: »" Patients living: at a
distance are loaned a full Electro-Chemic out-
flffor the .' home treatment. .: It Is always best/
howtver, j.f or> such ;- a i person \u25a0-. tO; conw ' for \u25a0 a
personal examination "-.'when, possible. The
ffcctro-Chemlc Institute, the only one on th»
Pacific Coast.: U* located at -118 Grant arvenue/
corner of.TPost -^street,* San ,'Franclsco.T.; There
are 1 separata v and 'private n apartments .- for the
accommodation :6f-; male „ and .female patients,
and the ' of flee • hours arr from 9 in '.the 'morn-
t lng? until '5 1 1n the afternoon,' and from \ 7 • to 8
at : nlßht da!ly,iand on. Sundays, from 10 In .the
morning uptlU 1 In . the afternoon. '\u0084: ; ; ,, : ;
- - I'M H ' j; 1 '
Los Angeles Times
San Franciaco Office \u25a0
. ;\' '•; ; ; ; ,ii'i«»ttsi3
BOOK , 10. .'\u25a0 GKBOSXCXS • BTJTLDIW O \u25a0
\u25a0 : " AJITSnTB .. &. : riSK. itopreieatatiTO ' '
I If you \u25a0 would ; do - effective - edvertisinsr
In th e : Southwest drop I *' line to the above-
address or . telephone ' Main 1473. and ' our
representative -will' be pleased to call ; on
you ; with full ;. information as to rates.
: etc. j. . , ,> . '. ':;a^BMBg
,1 THH • SUNDAT TIMES, with 83-page
; magazine,* $2.50 a year by maiL. -•'. • -
APVERTISEMENTS. :./
liiiiiiii
For Infants and Children.'
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /<^_y/fT^, \u25a0/?\u25a0\u25a0
;. Bigßature of C^C«/^V^2^er j
MAUVAIS MUSIC COS
', 533 MARKET ST.. OPP MASON.
All Knds of Talk ; n^ Machines and Records
-#%\u25a0 BRI#% Ammunition. Hunting and
I\u25a0llst I &* Sporting : goods. Largest
lillNrt Sfe&?
'\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0'"' * " " ' \u25a0\u25a0".Kearny; it.:-' '> - ,
Visitors are shown freely through the
works and can follow the steps of mak-
ing Grape-Nuts from the grain to tho
finished product. The proportions 'of
different kinds of flour and the temper-
atures arc not disclosed, and it beems
impossible for others to steal these se-
crets of the makers.' But purity, clean-
liness and skill are shown in every
corner of the immense pure food facto-
ries. People. who care for results from
choicely selected food, those who want
the food to rebuild the soft gray sub-
stance in the brain and nerves that
give the go, the vigor, the life, will un-
derstand why the Imitators who try to
copy the announcements about Grape-
Nuts have failed in the past.
There's a reajrbn ' for Grape-Nuts and
a profound one.
When finished, each little granule
will show a sparkling substance on its
surface. A magnifying glass will bring
it out clearer and develop little pieces
of pure dextrose sugar, not put on "or
poured over" (as the head of a large
Sanitarium once stated in his paper,
thus exposing his appalling -ignorance
of food processes), but this sugar ex-
udes from the interior of each as the
starch is slowly turned to sugar in the
process of manufacture. This kind of
sugar is exactly like what is found in
the human Intestines, provided the
starch of the grains, potatoes, bread,
rice, cake, etc., etc . has been perfectly
digested. But many are weak In that
form of digestion and yet need the
etarches, so Grape-Nuts supplies them
pre-digested and ready to go quickly
into the blood.
Contrasted with this pretense, ob-
iserye the care, method and skill in
majiing Grape-Nuts.
The barley is soaked about one hun-
dred hours, then it is slowly warmed
for some days and sprouted, the dias-
tase being developed and part of the
etarch turued to sugar (and later on all
of it), then xhe grains are baked and
the sprouts stripped off. Then comes
grinding, sifting, and mixing with the
creamy colored flour made from white
end macaroni wheat. This mixture
must be skillfully made in right pro-
portions This blended flour contains
just the ingredients demanded by na-
ture to rebuild the soft gray substance
in the nerve' centers and brain, but how
to s make the food easy to digest, that
was the question.
It certainly would not do to mix in
drugs, for there is a certain failure
sure to come to the person depending
on drugs to digest food. They may do
for a temporary- expedient, but pure
"food and digestible food is the only
final resort and safe way. So to
change the remaining starch part and
prepare the ' other elements in this
blended Hour It is made up into massive
loaves like bread, the inside being: dark
cream color and quite 6ticky to the
touch. These loaves are sliced and again
go through long cooking at certain tem-
peratures. Then the rock-hard slices
are each one carefully inspected and
ground ready for packing and use, hav-
ing gone through 10 or 12 hoars in the
different operations.
Chemical anaJysis tells the truth and'
the analysis of the famous chemists of
the world show Graße-Nuts the only
prepared breakfast food in whrch the
starch part of the wheat and barley
has been transformed tnto sugar and
therefore ready for immediate diges-
tion. Why is, this true? All the thin
rolled flake foods are made by soaking
the grains of wheat or oats in water,
then rolling, drying and packing. These
operations do not cook or pre-digest the
starch.
But false statements of the merits of
iiuinan food "w-iil never on earth build
up v business. These flaked foods are
not pre-dlgested. They are .not fully
cooked and the starch in them is starch
still and has not been turned to sugar
as claimed.
When -it comes tt» food, demand to
know the" fuels about what goes into
your stomach,
Not only ttiat it is pure, but that yon
are not deceived in the description of
its contents and condition. Some flaked
breakfast foods that have thus 'far fail-
id are now being advertised in close
imitation of the Grap«;-Nuts advertis-
ing, thinking in that way to finally
make v success of the failure, . _
DKMAXU FACTS
About What You I^at.
GRAPE-NUTS.
A&XTJSIiMKNTS.
a and shipping their expensive wv If J '^M W2^ TI^SM
a china, etc., to their summer >T k |Vi:o qN^^Pn
9 cottages, we have prepared complete \y*\ | • — )fM
I outfits adapted to the requirements of \3 : jf ijjr^^^al- >U 1
\u25a0 \u25a0 any number of persons._
1 For example:
\u25a0 / A Complete Outfit
FOR SIX Consisting of pretty dinner set, blue decoration, t*\*\ I A
* r .L' oft ..dainty giassware.sitverware and all the kitchenand \ \ \ n\\
PhnoUNo cooking utensils necessary for six persons, only V*'*'* \u25a0 v
-r Full descriptions of thia and other outfits up to $75.00 on request
NatlMii'DohrmaßE^Free=jor*JiWU)owCfeveriyin two Straight HedtshyJ. O'Kane's King V
\u25a0 The ' Shah of Persia} has V placed an
other order; for six thlghjclass i automo
biles In Paris. ';? Thelyaliie' of 'this 'order
1« B ald to be 128,800. .". . \u25a0 .
•The Portuguese Government/ will
build a. rail road from Delagoa bay. to
Swaziland. That adds one more to the
many "openings up" In Africa* *
- Do You Play Cards ?
• If ; you do. •; buy ,;, your; playing j cards, Vehlpi,
i tally cards and' rules : from* us.'i.'We': "also s have
dice, C chessmen,,'? checkers n' and 7. all '?\u25a0 th« *? new
games .' recently f, published. " Sanborn. \u25a0 Vail ~&
C 0.." 741- Market street. . , •
' % LOS XANGEL.ES, r May^ 30.-— Frank B.
Amey; a .cement worker,' was ' found flying
in;, the rstreet^on, Grand ; avenue near^un
set^ Boulevard \ shortly before \ midnight
last ; night -.wlthj' his skull : crushed In from
a ;blow, from f sonic • h'eavyl instrument. ;, He
died ? a'i fewt moments -after^. being'discov
ered.iOHls clothing "showed ; evidence of
Skull of the Unfortunate /Man Is
--'\u25a0\u25a0.'\u25a0-' Crushed by Blow From Heavy ''
• - :\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 Instrument.
Claremont Country Club Golf.
OAKLAND, May 30.— The g*olf
tournament held to-day by the Clare
mont Country^ Club was won by R. IL
Fitzgerald with a score of 15 down..
Professor C M. Galey took the sec
ond prize with a score of 12 down.
Other scores were — F., F. Stratton,"- 13
down; Frank Kalef, 13 down; S. J.
Knowles, 13 down; E. R. Folger,. 14
down; J. H. Ames, 15 down; J. O. Cad
man. 15 down; H. 11. Higgins, .15
down; George de Golia,- 16 down;-W.
P. Johnson, 18 down; Dr. W., M. Car
penter, 20 down; Warner Sherwood, 23
/*«n.r. o . - J . \u25a0
CEMENT WORKER IS ROBBED '"
'. AND iKILLED BY THUGS
The baseball nine ofi'the; IJck High
School will = Journey >to \ NapaV to-day,;" to
meet the team : of ; the high school there
In one of the: semi-final .games of the
.'academic \u25a0; league I series: White
! will twirl for LJck.',%The team \ Is , In fgood
:. shape and -should *; make ' a fine ! showing.
| Napa has .beaten, every i high = school \u25a0 nine
In the northern v part (of ! the { State ; and is
rated as a^ fast aggregation. " • '\u25a0
1 Llek ~ Meets Napa To-Day.
NEW YORK, May SO.^— What' was re
garded .as ; one of the most difficult
tasks In the dlgtrinK i of the subway
has . been completed by • the finishing of
the loop at* the} Battery. With the work
of i excavation \ over, and the walls built,
there • remains only the. laying 'of the
tracks .when : the Interborough >, Com
pany *wlll be 'able to run Its ': trains ' to
the southern \u25a0- end of the line on. Man-"
hattan Island. -Most of the trains now
stopat- Fulton street, where, they are
switched; back. to the north tracks.
" Construction of * the loop' from which
an extension of - the . system will pass
under^the "river., to Brooklyn .was fre
quently interrupted since . it began In
1903, because* of the flow of sea water
into the excavations.
Loop at the Battery Which Gave So
Much Trouble Is at Last
: Finished.
- fifth, race, steeplechase, short course Bella
Dcdson -yon, Class Leader second. Bank Holi
day third. .Time. 2:34 2-5. ,
•- Sixth race. - mila and three-eijrhths — Hand
more i won. ' Blrc Beach second. Gay J Minister
third. .Time. 2:213-5. - >
Seventh race, one mile — Our Sister won. Bon
nie Sue second. Merino third. Time, 1:421-5.:
-Fonrth ,rac*. four, and a hair forlongs—
"Wrenn won. Two Bills second. Floss S third.'
Time. :55 3-0.
! First •; race. , «tx furlongr*— Heidelbcrs won,
Eoba second: Tt-? Lextngrton ' Leader Ultrd.
Time, 1 :13 2-5. <>-OB|ntaM'wyaV*!Wi
Second race, four and a halt furlongs — Vie
Klnney- won, Princess Flush second. Wistful
third- Tim*. , :W. , -
Third race, six furlongs, handicap— Major T.
J. -Carson won. Thespian second. Ham's Bora
third. Time. 1:134-5. '
LOUISVILLE.! Kt., May 30— ChurcMU
Downs "results: •.
Churchill, Doitds Results.
DIFFICULT TASK COMPLETED
IN THE NEW YORK SUBWAY
, -^The V blind , ! boys won the : fifty, and
seventy j five ; yard dashes," sack race;; tug
of i war and rope - climbing, contests.f The
T. -'\u25a0\u25a0 M.';C*A. was victorious; In : the': egg
race.V standing J broad \ jump;; walking race
and 5 springboard- contest. 1 : V"" • p \u25a0 '- " "•\u25a0
Sishtless Youths Defeat Y. M. C. A.
-. Athletes at Louisville, Piling* :
.. Is 53 Points. ' ; '. ';, '
LOUISVILLE^; Ky:.: May 30^-Bef ore 500
interested \u25a0'; spectators * the ' pupils of >the
; Kentucky Institute for the : Blind v to-day
defeated the ;fY.\M."'-C/-;; f Y.\M."'-C/-; A. '* representatives'
| In/ a \u25a0 field J day contest. : ; The J blind j boys
i captured ) six events i and f scored \ fifty-two
points. !V;Y. i M. ; C.' A. j won"; 'our events and
made ': af total lof \ thirtyVseven ' polntsJ :\u25a0\u25a0 The
standing \ high jump \ resulted ; In ; a'.tle '\u25a0 be
tween Frank Hughes jof • the ; V. £ : M.. C. rA.
and 'I Elijah j Brown ; of Uhie C institute, -• both
going over ; the * mark ' at ~ four \u25a0' feet ~ eight
inches.' / : "-'•" : \u25a0"•\u25a0'" \u25a0/.' \u25a0 .\u25a0 :\u25a0\u25a0 :
BLIND BOYS DISPLAY SKILL
*N A FIELD DAY CARNIVAL
SEW TOBK SELECTIONS. - 77
By the New Tork Mornln-t T»l<;*fraph.
First " - race— -Green Room*' Yankee
Consul, Kllncvor.
Second race Kenll worth, Burleiich,
BUT Ben.
Third race-— Conjurer, Sidney C Ix»Te,
De Reszke.
Fourth race— Merry Lark,' Cairn
conn, Yon Tronu>.
Fifth race—Sidney* F, Youth, Belden.
. Sixth race— Thlstledale, llyactntb,
Mr Buela.
The San Francisco Scottish Bowling
Club took advantage of the holiday
and played off on the Park green many
of the games of the tournament which
Is to end on June 17. The feature of
the day was* tho challenge; match be-^
tween- teams from Sarf Francisco and
Oakland, the former win* ing by the
score of 21 to 15. The wind prevented
perfect scoring. The. results .of the
games run off are as follows: San
Francisco, represented by Maxwell
Crowe, James Gray, Joseph Gray and
John McLachlan," defeated -Oakland,
represented by George McMath, John
Orchison, James Patullo and Andrew
Proctor by the score of 21 to 15; .T.
McNaught beat H. H. Stewart, 21-20;
M. L. Crowe defeated A. A. McVickar,
21-11; . Thomas McNaught , defeated J.
C. Moffatt,' 8-2; W. Watsove defeated
R. D. : Colquhoun. 21-5 ; A. Watson and
J. A. McLachlan defeated R. R. Col
quhoun and ; J. F. :Dlck, ' 21-15; J. R.
Moffatt -and -XL I* Tlchner defeated T.
McNaugrht and A. Me Vicar, 21-20; : Dr.
Hamilton and J. ' Black • defeated
Thomas McNaugrht and A. : McVlcar, 21
18; Dr. Hamilton and < John, McLaren
defeated T. McNaught" and •' J.*- Black.
21-10; D.' O'Brien" and J.: Stott defeated
R. Park and J. Black," 21-13; J. Addlson
and J. McLachlan defeated T. Deasy
and Y. M, Lutmuer, 21-15. . .f -
Many Scots Dowl on Park Green.
SEATTLE, ' May 30^— The University of
California won the intercollegiate boat
race -on the , two-mile Lake Washington
course to-day by ten lengths over v Wash
ington, : followed >' one-half length behind
by Stanford." Two starts \were necessary :
owing to Butterfleld of Stanford breaking
his oar The - starting ; signal of the final
race was given at 3 :38. Finish time.
3:51:50/ •,- \u25a0 :.' 'c .- ; " '\u25a0' '^M~.^ -•'>\u25a0 '-\u25a0\u25a0'-', :
- .California and Washington were neck
and neck up* to the. one-mile point, when
the former drew away.. The varsity race
was rowed> against ? a \u25a0•-'light* three-mile
breeze?and In a'lisht^raln. :v: v
\u25a0;', The freshman % race i was . won by Stan
ford.^; California "-. % second, Washington
third. .Starting time.. 5:11; finish. 5:25.
Stanford Oarsmen Land -In Second
Place, Closely Followed- by the ;
'''\u25a0: W'ashinsfton ; Four.
LONDON, May 30.-— The ladles' golf
championship contest opened at Cromer
(Norfolk) . to-day.''.-- Amongf the earliest
returns of the first stage were victories
for. Americans', that of Miss Margaret
Curtis of Massachusetts ; over Mr 3. Ses
sions of Sundrldge Park, 6 up and 4 to
play, and Miss Harriet Curtis, of Massa
chusetts over Mrs. : Crocker, of Hhe Hul
dersaeld. 3 up and 2 to play.- Miss Nev
ans of Wooltonbeat Mrs. Samuel- Bettle
of Philadelphia; -5 up and ; 4 to play.l In
the second round Miss Steel of , Sheffield
beat : Miss (Emily- Lockwood of Lexing
ton, Mass., 4 up and 3 to play, and Miss
Ethel Burnett .(American) •' beat. >Mlss
Andrews .of Ashdown ; Forest, « s up " and
3*to play.
Mlsti Mara-aret Curtis and Miss Ethel
Burnett Outplay. Some of the
British Crack*.
CALIFORNIA'S STURDY CREW
• CAPTURES RACE IN NORTH
A3IERICAN GOLFERS SHINE
ON LINKS IN OLD ENGLAND
Seventli race, six .furlongs — Major Carpenter
won. 'Blumenthal second.. Little Margaret
third. Time. 1:13.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles—Lit
tle Giant 'won. Light Hunt second. Irish Jewell
third. Time. 1:51. -
Third race, five furlongs— Armistice won.
Neodesha second, Rlverat - third. Time,
1:03 1-5.
Fourth race, one mile— rSt. Resolute won. The
Don second. Postmaster Wright third. Time.
1:44 2-5. V "
1 Fifth race, short • course, steeplechase — Buck
O* Dowd won. The , Guardsman^ - second, Jim,
Bozeman third. Time. 3:10 3-5. r iy^Xxua
Second race, mile - and a half — Tha Bobby
won. Goo Goo second. Satin Coat third. Time.
2:44 1-5. ,
ST. LOUIS. May 3a— Union Park results:
First • race, six furlongs — Duelist . won, Tros
sach second. Midnight Minstrel third. Time.
1:13 2-5. , -. . .
Union Pari>. Results.
DENVER, May 30. — Notice of \u25a0 a
stockholders' meeting of the Rio
Grande Western Railway^ to be held at
Salt Lake; City June 8 was given out
to-day at the general offices of tht
Denver and Rio Grande Railway. The
meeting has been called for the pur
pose of ratifying improvement plans of
the Rio Grande Western, which Is \re
parin*? to extend its Salt Lake termin
als and possibly build3hops and a" new
depot in anticipation of the construc
tion of the Western Pacific.
The directors will also ratify th<»
plans - for the . extension of the Rio
Grande Western' to the site of the new
copper :' smelter, to be erected- by the
American Smelting and Refining Com
pany on the lake shore near GarflcM
Beach.
To Extend Salt Lake Terminals In An
ticipation of Construction of
Western Pacific. •
RIO-'' GRANDE WESTERN ROAD
PLANS BIG IMPROVEMENTS
KANSAS CITY SELECTIONS.
First race— Rough and Tumble, Hel
(rerson, Sarah Maxim.
Second race— 'Belvolr, Goldie, Happy
I.p.d.
7 liilrd race— Vlrgle Withers, St. Denis,
Melodious. -' ''..--\u25a0'.
: Fourth race— Silent Water, Marco,
The Lady Roheala. \u25a0>
Fifth race— Ed Ball, Clifton Forgr,
Don.Domo,' '\u0084 .-,-.-\u25a0
\u25a0 Sixth \. race— Rian, Potrero Grande,
Baikal. .',:. ;^..x.^ v /.-;^:* . \u0084\u25a0-.-,\u25a0 -. :
First race — X ettlnjf, Verandah, . aU
aace AIL
Second race— Dare Sommers, Boon*
Mate, Dr. Scharff.
Third race— Far so, Silver Sue* Dr.
Gardner.
Fourth race— l llsh Chancellor, Gres
or X, Forehand.
Fifth race— Van Ness, Ilowllns Der
vish, Willowdene. ' V
Sixth race — Canyon, Nevtrtuch,
Athena.' ;• , ."\u25a0 '/',.\u25a0 .". ...-.' ... ~i. A3 r, *!' '',
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
A. S. I.illey won. the prize for the
best score made- to-day. The ap-,
proach and putting contest was won
by George Hellman. The driving con
test'was v/on by S. A. Lllley. The
Qouncil Cup, which Is competed for In
May and September of each year, be- 1
comes the property of wwhoevero o ever wins it
three consecutive times. Lilley won
it last September, and stands excellent
chances at this -contest. E. J. Hooper
won the last cur> last May.
SAN RAFAEL, May' 30. — The qualify
ing round eighteen-hole. gplf handicap,
for the Council Clip was played to-day
on the o Happy Valley links of the San
Rafael°Golf Club. A large number of
Interested o spectators witnessed the
game. The following qualified:
A. S. LUley (scratch), score SC net; J. J.
Crooks (scratch), "score" ul net; Carleton Cur
tis (scratch), scoi-e°94 net; Douglas Hardy ' (8
handicap), score S7; F.= D. Madison (10 handi
cap), score 87: R. J. Davis (2 handicap), score
96; C. A". "Belden (6 handicap), score 93; Gus
tave Sutro <7 -handicap), score 94. . . -
Ronnd and His Chances Are
• Brisht.
Ulley !• Hick Mnn la the Qualifying:
SAN RAFAEL GOLFERS TRY
FOR COVETED COUNCIL'S CUP
NEW YORK ENTRIES.
NETW YORK, May 30. — Following aro
the entries for to-morrow at Gravesend
track:
First race, five rarlontjs two-jea*>old»— O L
M 102. Cassinl 102. Klingsor 117. Montanus
107. Lawßonlan 102. Green Room 107, Athlete
JO2. Albert F 102, Edward Russell 107, In-
Qtiirttor 102 Tankee Consul 107. Strong Bow
102. Veronese. 107, Ladsarlon IC2. Society Bud
89. ° o
Second race, about six furlongs, handicap—
Toßcan 126. Big Ben 124, Shet Gun 124,' Bur
lelgh 122, Lady Amelia 118, Jocund 117. Wctan
112. Old England 112. Kenllworth 103. Gold
\u25a0mlth 103. Woodsaw 103, Niblick 9S, Phoebus
85. ES. tu Brute 88.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles sell
ir.r—Onataa 108. Canteen IC3. Sidney C* Lcvs
10*, Rostand 109, Rockaway 106 Champlaln
101. Carrie Jones 84. Chimney Sweep 84. Oars
man 107. D« Reszke 109. Widow's Mite 99.
Ocean Tide 108. Atwood 10C. Conjurer 106,
Palette 101, Arabo 104.
Fourth race, one mile, the Carlton Stakes,
three- year-olds— Yon Troznp 113. Sparkling
Star 118. Woodsaw 118. CaJmgorm 118, Merry
Lark US.
Fifth race, five furlcngs. °two-year-olds, tell
ing — Queen Florentine 96. Red Flag IC2,
George Atwell 98. Klngem>re IC2. Sidney F 104,
Rapid Transit 102. Isolation 94 Belden o{,
ConTederate 102, Touth 106, California King
101. Gamester 93. Cambridge 102, N-ecroaiancer
102. Etleen Burn 85. Panic 93.
Sixth race, about cix furlongs, .maidens —
Castor 109. Hyacinth 107. Maid of Timbuctoo
107. Thlstledale 112. My Bue'.a 107. Race Queen
107. Brother BUI 112. Legatee 109, Colossal
109. Grand Duchess 107. Sailor Boy 112, Gal
lowses 112. Drone 112. Jackstaff 112. Maetntel
lo 112. Aquarius 112. Tyron 112. Onward 109,
Lobo 112.
Weather clear; track fast. "c
KANSAS CITY. May 30.— Following
are the entries, for to-morrow at Em
Ridge track:
First race, mile, selling— Helgerson 96. lole
00. Ryevale 101. Joe Kern 101. Sarah . Maxim
103. Hemlock 105, Our Bessie 106," Rough and
Tumble 107., - . \u25a0 \
Second race, four furlongs, purs* — Lotta
Gladstone 102. Miss Anxious 102, Happy Lad
108 Goldie 110. Belvolr 110, Mathls 110. ;
Third race, five and a half furlongs, selling — .
Walter Gum 95; Masic 08. Lydie Wrou3man
100 Clover Hampton 102. Virgle Withers 102.
Gold Monk 103, St. Denis 104,. Melodous 104.
Sand Bath 105. Lionel 107, Dunning 112. ; „
Fourth race, six furlongs, s-lling — Marco 101.
Pony Crandall IC4. Harry Jones 104. The Lady
Rohesla 100 Silent Water 105, Kahoka 103,"
Rush Reuben 106. C. Q. 106. Pierce J 109.
Fifth race, five furlongs, purse — Show Girl
98. Don Domo 101." Ed Ball 105. Clifton Forge
10S " \u25a0 ' ' ' ''' ' ' " '\u25a0'\u25a0*
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling— Sw«ct
Tone 103, Rian 104. Modred 107." Potrero
Grando 108, Baikal 110.
Weather clear; track fast.
KANSAS , CITY . ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE^ — Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
maidens; fillies and geldings; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
4tol— E. Jackson., .lo9 <O'Neil).. 8 11 11H
9to s—Transmute5 — Transmute 103 (Burns).. 12% 2 3"&
Bto I— Ev Orirfln. 109 (Xicol) 5° 4 1 3 %
Time. 1 :02. Start grood. Won driving.'
Winner. P. H. MoCaren's eh. f. by Water
eress-Amette. c Plebelan. Caprice. Sweetheart.
Sai-.ta Susanna. Top Sail. Rose of Gold, In
Line. Alice Degajt. Blue Mamie. Myrtle D,
Winning Hand. Marehmallow and Sandrlng
ham Belle finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One and a quarter miles;
three-year-olds and up; celling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2to I— Kehailan. <M (Miller) 4 2 3 13U
12 to I— The Gadfly. 95 (Walsh). 5 5 % 2 9
20 to I— The V. Lady. 89 (McDnl) 3 4 1.5 Z 14
Time. 2:07 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner J. L. Holland's eh. c. t by Orme-Rotha.
Daley Green. Bill Curtis. The Southerner, In
cubator and Gallant finished as named.
ST. LOUIS. May 30.— Followinff aro
the entries for to-morrow at the Fair
Grounds:
First race, five furlongs, maidea thxe*-year
old fillies, selling— Plrabella 95. Mrs. Annie
107 Mamie Weisenberger 107. Verandah y~>
Liberty Star 96.- Lady Sellers 93. Sly Musetts
100. Miss Kathleen 107. Sue Stone 107, Lovey
102. Balance Alt 100. Mrs. Falconer 100. Net
ting 85. Plunder 107.
Second race, five and a half furlonxa -sell-
Ing — Echodale 119. Bandlllo 114. Barkley 112.
Dave Sommers 111. Killdoe 116. Tom Man
kins 114. Dollnda 114. Dr. Scharff 119. Judga
Denton 112. Byrne of Roacrea 121 Branch U
116, Room Mate 117. Sir Carter 119.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, two
year-olds, purse^ — Silver Sue 100. Dr. Gardner
103. Osee 104. Fargo 115.
Fourth race one and a sixteenth miles
handicap— Gregor . X llti. Rainland 108, Jack
Young 100. High Chancellor 112, Taby Tosa
90, Forehand 115. \u25a0\u25a0- '\. \u25a0.-*\u25a0
Fifth race, six furlongs, purse — Sweet Kitty
Bellairs 03. Miss Manners 106 Willowdene OS
Martin 108. Ametus 95 Glen Gallant IW.
Augur 95 Tender Crest 104, Censor 111. Lucian
100. Gallant Cassle 103 Howling Dervish 108.
Van Ness 108.
Sixth race, one and three -sixteenths miles,
selling— Plautus 102. Judge Cantrlll 101. Can
yon 108. Athena 95, Edward Hala 102. Xever
such 101. Colonel Preston 95. Mala Hanloa liM.
Weather cloudy; track heavy.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
SEATTLE, May 30. — Six favorites out
of seven races furnished a. surprise at
The Meadows this afternoon. In the
fifth race the second choice won and
the talent evened up somewhat. Fully
10,000 people were at the track and
the Decoration Day handicap, with six
of the best horses to race here | this
season entered, proved an attraction.
Betting was heavy at all .the books and
without exception they closed good
winners. The odds on the winners to
day were so small that most of the
money was placed short and this side
of the business alone prevented a har
vest. v : / \u25a0 : ;
In the handicap St. George Jr., Ocy
rohe, Hugh McGowan, Bombardier, Stil
icho and Judge started. From the open-
Ing of the betting St. George Jr. . was
favorite, selling throughout at even
money. Bombardier, opened >even and
closed 5 to"^, while Hugh McGowan
carried a greater share of the money.
McGowan was not in form. St. George
took the lead from the start and gained
steadily, passing the judges' stand two
lengths ahead of Ocyrohe. a 9 'to 2 shot.
The weather was all that could be
asked and the track was fast. The fol
lowing are the" results:;
• First race, six furlongs — El Chihuahua (8 to
6. 3 to 5. 3 to 10), won; Goldflnder (5 to 1, 5
to 2). second; Wistaria* (2 -to 1), third. Time,
l:i«& \u25a0 • \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
Second race, five furlongs— Miss Provo (13 to
10, 3 to 5, 3 to 10), won; Lama r (5 to 1, 5 to
2). second; Eldred (2 to 5). third. : Time,
1:01%.
Third race, four furlongs— '\u25a0Tenord ale (4 to 5,
1 to 4, out), won; Cascade of Diamonds (even,
2 to 5). second: ladora (1 to 3), third. Time,
:40. \u25a0 ;\u25a0 .-.-.,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 :.-.-.':-:-***. - ;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0 \u25a0 --: V : "?..j
.Fourth race, one mile. Decoration day han
dicap. 91000 — St. George Jr. ((even, 1- to 2,
out), won; Ocyrohe (6 to 6, 1 to 2), second;
Hugh McGowan (1 to 3). third. " Time, 1:40.
Fifth race one mile — Sweet Tooth (2 to 1,
7 to 10, 1 to 3), won; Blue Ridge (3 to 1, 0 to
C). second; Isabelllta ('even), third. Time,
1:41%/ ' . -. .-\u25a0-., \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0.-.:
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles — Glen
! rice (3 to 2. 1 to 2, out), won; Lanark (4 to 1,
i out), second; Mr. Dingle (out), third. Time,
I 1:56%. \u25a0" \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0..\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0--\u25a0- - \ , \u25a0\u25a0.: \u25a0\u25a0; \u25a0\u25a0 * '\u25a0\u25a0;
Seventh race, six furlongs — Patsy Brown" (7.
to 6, 3 to 5. 3 to 10), won; Nullah (3 to 2. 3
to 6, second) ;• Pachuca (lto 2), third. Time,
1:16.
Time. 1:45 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. L. McGinnis' eh c. by Star Ruby-
FalsaJara. Ostrich, Kurtzmann, Flyback.
Mabel Richardson. Graceful. Lord of the Vale,
and Lecnldas finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; the Parkway iiandlcap :
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
40 to I—Buttling.1 — Buttling. 90 (Notter) 1 12 16
6to 5— D. Spanker 114 (Odom). 3 2 % 23^
20 to I— M. Daingerfild.loB (Mrtn) 4 9 3 1
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Ten Thousand People
Great Field Compete in
the Handicap at Seattle
Time. 1:02. Start cood. Won cleverly.
Winner, S. Pagefs b. g. by Golden Garter-
Flora McC. Lancastrian, Beaufort and Quo
rum finished ac named.
THIRD RACE — Five furlongs; the Hudson
stakes; for two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. Fin.
11 to 10— Jacobite 112 (Davis).. 3 1 I^l a
13 to 10— J.W«rnberg,115 (O'Nil) 5 6 5 23H
10 to I—Nostrom.1 — Nostrom. 115 (Hildbnd) 4 3 1 S h
SIXTH RACE — One and & sixteenth miles;
three- year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2to I—Lampoon.1 — Lampoon. 102 (SeweU).. 6 3 3 11
30 to I—Love's1 — Love's Labor.lOL(Flachr) 8 2 2 2 *i
sto I— Broodier. 104 (Schaftner> 4 11 « 2
Time, 1 :53 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. G. G. Moshier & Ca's eh. m. (5) by
Lamplighter-Mona. Safeguard 104, Decoration
104, Loone 104. Bonar 87. Edgardo lot, Aules
104, finished as named.
SEVENTH RACE — One and a sixteenth
miles; three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4to I—Bavarian.1 — Bavarian. 87 (W. Walker) 1 1 «i 1 t
4to I— Sincerity Bell, 89 (Wiley) 4 2 3 2 1
3to 2— Docile. 97 (Seder) 3 3 3 3 2
Time, 1 :52. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. F. Wallhauser's b. g. (3) by Bathampton-
Blue and White. Aladdin 111. Cotillion si.
Bravery 89. finished as named.
KANSAS CITY. May 30.-Floral King!
won the \u25a0 Decoration handicap- at- Elm
Ridge to-day in a hard drive from-Glass
f lilj with Telephone a close -third. '.Floral
jrfingiwaa the favorite in thebobks, but
the talent liked Glassful and Telephone.
Two well played favorites were Reuben
in the fourth' race and' Leila in the sixth
race. .The talent made up its losses on
Leila for ;th*e upset, in- the first three
races. . . .
j The crowd was one of the largest that
ever attended a Kansas City race meet.
Summary: ;
First race, six furlongs — Louis Wagner (5 to
1, 0 to 5.-4 to 5) won; Green Gown (3% to 1.
even) Eecond, Dollle H (2 to 5) third. Time.
1:14.
Second race, six furlongs — Percy Clark (12
to 1, 5 to 1, 2 to 1) won, Sid Silver (2 to 1,
even) second, Ida Davis (2 to 5) third. Time.
l:l4tf. - . < r .
Third race, five furlongs — Blaze Veil (5 to
1. even, 2 to 5) won, Lony.(out, out) second.
Gleeman (out) third. Time. 1:03.
Fourth race," four and : a half . furlong* —
Reuben (even. 2 to 6, out) won, Zlngg (6 to 5,
2 to 5) second, Ramona II (out) third. Time.
:55'4.- .-.• \u25a0 " . --\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0 . . :' ' '' ' \u25a0 -
\u25a0 " Fitth race, . Decoration \u25a0 Day handicap, one
and a sixteenth miles— Floral King (11 to 5.
6 to 5, out) won. Glassful (2 to 1, even) sec
ond. Telephone (1 to 2) third. Time. 1:45%.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles — Leila
(6 to 5. out, out) won. Brand New (out, out)
second, Ada N (out) third. Time, 1:54%.^ ,
ST. GEORGE JR.
FIRST AT WIRE
Special Dispatch to Th« 'CalL
Mark Shaughnessy was chosen referee
for the Hanlon-Corbett fight last night
after a brief conference in which the
two boxers and Morris Levy figured. The
men met in Levy's apartments and came
to terms without wasting much time.
Hanlon held out for Eddie Smith of
Oakland, while Corbett wanted Ned
Homan or Billy Roche. Finally the name
of Shaughnessy was mentioned and Cor
bett agreed to have Mark act. Eddie
still" insisted on; Smith, but when he saw
there was no chance of securing the ser
vices of the Oakland man" he agreed on
Shaughnessy. The latter has had a lot
of experience In the ring. This is the
first important fight he has refereed here.
Eddie Hanlon bubbled over with cheer
fulness and animal spirits yesterday at
Alameda. The causes of this happy con
dition were the prospects of securing a
match with Jimmy Britt, and the little
fellow's splendid physical itrim. Hanlon
and his trainer, Frank McDonald, believe
he is at his best, and that nothing has
been left undone in the training grind
•that would enhance his chances for a vic
tory Friday night. Eddie took his usual
stroll along the avenues of Alameda yes
terday morning, and in the afternoon
mauled the bag for five rounds and
skipped the rope a thousand times. He
was visited in the afternoon by Harry
and Tom Corbett and Colonel Martin
Brady. To-day Hanlon will, in addition to
going through his regular gymnasium
stunts, engage in a wrestling and pulling
bout with Toby Irwln. Eddie's weight is
now hovering about the 132-pound mark.
Corbett'had many visitors at his train-
Ing camp at the bsach yesterday, and he
worked hard before the admiring throng.
The little* Denverite certainly ' has put in
some hard licks in getting into form for
Friday, night's conflict, and should be
ready mhen he enters the ring. He fig
ures on making the weight soon now, and
expects to be stronger than when he en
tered the ring with Nelson.
The monthly amateur boxing show of
the Hawthorne Club will be held to-night
at Woodward's pavilion. A good card has
been arranged. Including bouts between
heavyweights Sullivan and Kaufman,
Jack McLaughlin and Walter Stanton,
William Christie and J. St. Clair. Bob
Ritchie and Al Elkins and other promi
nent lights of the arena.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds an*
up: purse:
Betting. Horse.. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3to I— Shen'doah. 101(L.WUms) B 2 3 1 1H
12 to I— Raviana. 97 (Seder) 9 1 % 2 2
Btol— Kenton, 100 (Felcht) 4 42 S3
Time. 1:43. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. E. A. Chlnn & Co-'a br. g. (3) by Long
street-Suesun. Judge Brady 100. Sandlewo d
97. Ed Sheridan 97 Last Faustua 97. Aten 37,
Metallic 95. Semlnole 106, finished aa named.
SECONTJ RACE — About two and a half
"mile; steeplechase handicap; for four-year
olds and us:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to I— lmperialist, 145 (Rodrck) 1 D 10 1 i)
SO to I— Bacchanal. 132 (ODonel) 6 2 3 2 150
10 to I— Rus.Sage.l4o (Kellehar) 5 1 IH|3 150
Time, 6:00. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. E. Lane's b. g. by Norwood -Gemlma.
Martmullen, Ogress, Decimo, Gold Van and
Flying Machine finished as named.
OAKLAND, May 30.— The first annual
bicycle meet and flelu day of the Reli
ance Athletic Club was held to-day at
the Emeryville track. The club's attempt
to revive athletics in this city was a de
cided success. The attendance was large
and the events called forth approval
from all. Glarner, of the Vampire Foot
ball Club, was the star of the day, win
ning two events and taking third place
In another. His time In the 440 and SSO
yard runs was fast, when the track and
the strong wind to be faced are con
sidered. He will represent this State at
the Portland exhibition In the middle dis
tance events.
In the fifty-mile relay race between the
Oakland Wheelmen and the Garden City
Wheelmen, the /Garden City men won
easily by more than half a mile. The
fastest relay of five miles was ridden by
Diffenbacher'of the Garden Cltys in 13
minutes 3S seconds. •
The summary:
100 yards, handicap — Walker. O. H. S.. 3
yards, first- Edwards. Stanford, second; Mc-
Kamara, O. H. S., third. Time. 10 3-5 ccc.
220 yards, handicap — Walker, O. H. S., 5
yards, first; Edwards, Stanford, second; Glar
ner. Vampire Football Club, third. Time,
23 1-5 see.
440-yard handicap — Glarner. V. F. C. first;
McNamara, O. H. S., 6econd. Time. 5* 3-5 sec.
SSO-yard handicap — Glarner, V. F. C,
ecratch. first; Richardson, O. H. S.. second.
Time. 23: 1-5 sec.
3-mile motor-cycle, handicap— Won by C.
Gordon. Time, 5 mm.. 47 1-5 sec.
5-mile scratch motor-cycle — won by William
son. Time. 7 mm.. 47 l*-5 sec.
50-mile relay — Garden Cl:y Wheelmen won.
Time, 2 hr. 22 mm. 58 1-5 ccc.
1-mile scratch bicycle — Walter de Mara. Bay
City .Wheelmen, first; McWhirter. Century
Wheelmen, eecend; Long,' Bay City, third.
Time, 2 mm. 39'/i sec.
3-mile handicap bicycle — Oscar Petereon,
Oakland Wheelmen, first: Lawrence, Bay City,
second. Trcgo. third. Time. 7 mtn. 53 3-5 tee.
5-mlle pursuit race — Garden City first. Bay
City second. Time. 13 mm. 41 2-5 sec.
Oakland High School ran exhibition mile re
lay race. .Time,. 3 tnin. 31 sec.
Glassful and Telephone Are
fat the Heels of Winner
; as. He l)ashes Past Stand
Corbett and Hanlon Agree
_on the Third Man in the
Eing Next Friday Night
j One member of .the promoting club was,
led gently- but firmly from the grounds
by two policemen; for telling the judges
and the spectators within hearing dis
tance of the stand what he thought . Of
the manner In.whlch the, races were be
ing handled.
Another member resorted to fisticuffs
to convince a bystander that a horse was
not pulled in one of the races. .
The racing was made tedious by the
drivers, over whom the officials had no
control. In the first heat of the 2:35 class
they scored for more than an hour'be
fore a start was effected. First one
driver offended and then another. Eros
mont made several attempts to run away
with Dan Lieginger and spoiled a num
ber of starts.
. Each of the four harness races was
won In straight heats. The correct time
was suppressed in ; several instances ,In
order not to give the horse 3 a low mark.
The principal event of the day, the free
for-all, was won by J. O'Kane's King V.
Dick Adams, driving Lady Jeffries, and
cheered by Champion.Jlm Jeffries, nearly
upset the good thing in the second heat.
O'Kane having to shake up King V to
win. : /' .
Mayor Schmitz's Sister Patty, driven
by V. Verilhac. finished second to D.
Roberts' Eden Vale in both heats of the
2:35 class. After being away out of it at
the start of the second heat she ; came
like a gray ghost In the stretch and
nearly won., .' •:.'\u25a0:
In the race to „ determine who could
drive in time nearest to 3:15., H. Slmi
won the first heaUn 3:17 with San Pietro.
and L. Marisch the second with ' Brandy
in 3:17. The day's results: j ;
Free for all: , ' , <
J. O-Kane's King V (O'Kane) 1 1
E. Cerclat's King Cadenza (Cerciat) ...... 2 3
It Adams' Lady Jeffries (Adams) 3 2
F. Gammet's Verona (Gammet) . . ...... 4 4
A' Hoffman's Kitty D (Hoffman) ...... 8 6
D. Sprague's Clara L (Sprague) .• 6 5
Tlm«t— 2:'2iVt, 2:2*?*: .
_2:40 clara: : . . i «
W. Peaso's Monkey (Pea5e). . . . ......... .1 1
R. Miller's Senator Hearst (Miller) 23
J. Donovan's Little Jim (Donovan) 3 4
A.' Stock's Llghtfoot (Stock) • . ... . . \u2666 6
F. Jensen's Tehama' Boy (Jensen) o z
3. Finch's Edward (Finch) . . .V 6 5
Time— 2:3s, 2:29.
2:35 class* * -,«."' -\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0-'\u25a0':. •
D./Roberts'^denvale (Roberts) ......... 1 1
E.E- Schmitz's Sister Patty (V. Verilhac) 2 2
C. ''Mitchell's N L B (Mitche11). ........ .3 3
D | Lieginger' s Erasmont (Lieginger) .... 5 4
C." Becker" s-F.H. Chase (8ecker). ...... 4' 8
« :--v •-.• •.-*,•*,;- Time— 2:27 '2:33 VW >
'\u25a0*&;:>'\u25a0<*<'<-\u25a0. \u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0 :\u25a0''\u25a0' ':\u25a0
•*; 2:30 class: \u25a0
J. •', Deschler's Lucky Prince (Deschler) . . .1 1
R. . Green' s Dan L (Green) ~> •• • • ; . 2. 3
C. Becker's Dan Alden (8ecker). ........ 3 2
J. Giovaninl's Bomani (Glovanlni).... . . 4 4
Time— 2:34. 2:30. ..
Running five and a half furlongs— Bee Rose
water (Mdoney) won. Cloeßnthus '\u25a0 (Howson)
j second Hogarth (Dowell), third. Time, 1:10.
Running, one mile— Dandle Belle I, (Dowell)
won Box - Elder (Mofan) - second, Lone Fisher
man (Alps) third. Time. - 1 :46. 1 -: -..-,
Running, six furlongs — Suburban .; Queen
(Doweil) won. Spondoollx (Dorsey) second,
Cracko (Butwell) third. v : Time. 1:17%J --';
The matinee races of the San Francisco
Driving Club at Ingleside track yester
day developed Into a cheap gambling
meeting. When the spectators reached
the track they found the programme of
races for gentlemen's driving horses had
been- Increased by the addition of three
running races.- The books were controlled
by Zlck Abrams and Jimmy Lawlor and
they seemed to dominate the affair. The
attendance was unusually large and was
worthy a better conducted .. meeting. , , r t .
FOURTH RACE— Five and a half furlcns?:
the Memorial day handicap. $1300 addel
<$1720 net to winner): three- year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey.- St. X Fin.
Bto s— Jake Sanders. 114 (Aubchn) 3 2 h 1 ns
sto I—Plnkerton.1 — Plnkerton. 112 fOllphant) 2 1 Vt 2 H
Even— Dishabille. 115 (Domlnick) 1 3 1%3 «
Time. 1 :C9. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. E. E. Smathers* or. c. (3) by Knight of
Thistle-Active. Matador 101 also ran.
Glarner Does Some Wonderful Sprinting.
Garden Citys Capture Relay Race:
FLORAL KING
LANDS PURSE
SHAUGHNESSY
WILL REFEREE
ATHLETES AT
OAKLAND TRACK.
Betting Dominates
the Sport at
Ingleside.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
18 to 5— G. Enamel, 103 (Mcßride) 5 2^12
4to 1-^Harmakls, 102 (Rice)... * 4 % 2 h
12tol— B. Star. 100 (Foley) 2 11 31V,
Time. 1:17 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner M. D. Miller* a eh. c. (3) by Madison -
Enamel.- Kleinwood 112. Sir Francis II 105.
Elastic 105, Darzhx 112. finished as named.
START OF THE DECIDING HEAT OF THE FREE-FOR-ALL AT THE MA TIXEE RACES YESTERDAY VAT ING LESIDE RACETRACK.
SECOND RACE— FUe furlongs; two-year
olds; selllns: « •
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
Bto I— Macy Jr. 103. (Wiley) 1 1* 1«»»
«to 1---J. Klrchevllle ICO (Rloe) 2 4 V, 2 1
30 to I— Marpessa. 95 <Walker>.. 5 13 3 1
Time. 1:04 3-3. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. S. Lazarus' blk. c. by Macy-Ann»
Brown. Starling 108 Dr. McCarthy 104. Harry
Scott 103, Balmer V 95. Balshot 105. Chispa
100. Port Worth 117. finished as named.
Time, 1:10 1-5. Start straggling. Won eas
ily. Winner, S. S. Brown's b. c. by Wools
thcrpe-Grenadlne. Montreson. Jerry C, Mar
tinmas, Confestor, Kißg Cole, King Pepper,
Whorler, Golden Rule and Combustion finished
as named. ,
On that occasion Buttling bolted to the
outside rail and ran the whole race that
way. Consequently that defeat should
not count. He was at the heighth of his
form to-day and maintained his lead all
the way at a fast pace, the mile being
run In l:4oi£. Summary:
FIRST RACE— About six furlongs; selling;
for three-year-olds snd up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to I— Broadcloth. U4 (Martin) 1 2 1 1 a^j
.5 to I— Oid England.los (Urns) 4 1 *i 2 h
10 to I—Escutcheon.1 — Escutcheon. 100 (Eprllng)ll 3 h 3"ri
The Parkway handicap, run at Graves
end to-day for the nineteenth time In its
history, had ten' starters and was worth
$3335 to ' the winner. This proved to be
the *0 to 1 shot Buttling, the three-year
old son of Star Ruby, owned by John L.
McGlnnis. When he won his initial race
one year ago at Oravesend Buttling was
at 100 to 1. ' At Belmont Park, about three
weeks since, he won a stake in heavy go-
Ing and when he next ran he was almost
as strongly fancied as was Hot Shot,
which won, or Prince Hamburg, which
was beaten.
Hildebrand, the star rider of last season.
was suspended to-day for' the remainder
of the meeting: by the stewards of the
Brooklyn Jockey Club. His case has
been referred to the stewards of the
Jockey Club for further action. -'-.
In their decision the stewards declared
that tho finish of Hildebrana on Duenna,
when that filly was beaten by Last Cher
ry, showed incompetence. This finding,
considering: that" Hildebrand was the
greatest Jockey in America last season
and was in the employ- of Herman B.
Duryea and Harry Payne Whitney, at a
salary of 510,000 a year, is practically a
declaration by the stewards that his
handling of Duenna warrants the with
drawal of his license.
NEW YORK. May 30.— Jockey Eugene
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, May 30.— 1n a desperate
drive of three, Jake Sanders, second
choice In the betting, won tho Memo
rial Day- Handicap here to-day from
Plnkerton and Dlsha'bllle. The last
named was the even money favorite.
| She was carried to the outside fence
byPlnkerton In the run home, ruining
her chances.* The track was heavy
.from recent rali^s. Two favorites won.
fi. E. Smathers, owner of Jake San
ders, shipped his stable East to-night.
Summary: • *
FIRST RACE — Four furlong*: maiden two
year-oleis; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
Sto I— P. • Dance. 105 (Lawrnce) 5 2 S IVi
20 to I—Slcyou.1 — Slcyou. 100 (Daven) 0 ti V» '-' >-j
2to I— Bea 9 Chancy. 105 (Foley) 3 5)j52
Time, :62. Start poorf Won drlvln*. Win
ner. S. M. Williams' eh. t. by Pirate of Fen
zance-Schottische. Una C 100. Navarre's Hope
I(X>, Plnta 100. Frenchles First 100, Nor* Pearl
ICU Lavenia True 100, Jane Rachel 1<».
Sibylla 109. Mrs. Murray 100, Chemistry 103,
I finished aa named. «,
' Special Dispatch to The Catt.*
Officials Take Action When
- They Note the Defeat of
Duenna by Last Cherry
Pinkerton Carries Favorite
Into the Outside Fence
and Spoils Her Chances*
31AY LOSE HIS LICENSE
DISHABILLE'S BAD LUCK
Stewards of Brooklyn Club
Suspend"Gene" Hildebrand
for Being "Incompetent"
In a Besperate Drive ;E. X
I Smathers ? Horse Lands tlie
Memorial Day Handicap
CRACK JOCKEY
IS UNDER BAN
JAKE SANDERS
TO THE FRONT
SPORTS
HARNESS HORSES MEET IN MATINEE RACES
THE SAN FRANCISCO 7 GALL, WEDNESDAYS MAY; 31, 1905.;.
10' Expel liarmlesaly. through the natural
channels, all Impurities; from the 1 system
(or circulation) with Lash's Blttera. •
Collrse noaeball Games. •'
NEW. HAVEN., May, 30.— YaJ« 8. Anflover 1.
PRINCETON," May 30.— Pennsylvania State
College «.' Princeton ft. r \u25a0*--/\u25a0;-* \u25a0* 8
CKAWFORDBVILLE, May 30.— Wabaah
College- 'B, Indiana 2. \u25a0:-:\u25a0. -- \u25a0 .\u25a0• ...
ITHACA. May SO.— Cornell 1; Unlveraity of
I'enngylvanla 8. • , ..;,- , • -
CHAMPAIGN, May 80.— Michigan 3, .1111
noU; 7. J !CijlMWwflßßWl^ .'- \u25a0 . • •
Glanta Get to~Boyle for Four Rann In
•' "\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0' •\u25a0\u0084\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ';the sixth. ;;\u25a0" \"
...PORTLAND. , ( May .30.--The only
time Seattle was able. to bunch enough
hltsloft i-Qarvin, Iri; to-day's game ..with
Portland was,. in ; the fifth when f the
visitors '^scored, their ,;only. run.- In the
sixth, : Boyle . sent . three : men .to' base 'oh
balls and ; was; hit; for, a double land* a
eingle,' 'netting .the home" team- four
runs.: The, flffhaiiid' the sixth 1 were". the
only lnnlngsfirij which!' scorlng/occurred
on^' either? Bide." ' A : holiday' crowd nuni-
G ARVIN MYSTIFIES ' SEI4.TTLE.
At the Chntea Theater.
The, bill this week at the Chutes is
one above tho ordinary. During yes
terday afternoon and . eyenlnaT large
audience attended the performances
and the merit of the show was attested
by continuous applause. Both well
Browne's spectacular musical burles
que "Cleopatra Up-to-Date." In which
200 gorgeously dressed children take
part In a. number of beautiful ballets
Is worth seeing. Beginning this after
noon a programme containing a num
ber of new features in vaudeville will
be put on. ggggg ; -
\u25a0'\u25a0 Trapahooaera Recel-ve Prises.
. The Pacific Coast Trapshooters' Asso
ciation held Its annual. meeting last nisht.
Dr.I."W.,S. George of Antloch presided.
Trophies were distributed as follows:
Dupont trophy cup, won by W. J. Oolca«r:
Hunter Arm* Company, itold charm, won by
R. C. RaeJ: Mullerite gold watch fob. 'won by
J.-W. • Bradrick; MarUn (nn. won by J. Vf.
Bradrick lor hl«h average; Bekeart cup. won
by'J. W. Bradrick: Dr. George trophy cup,
won by ;M. O. Feodner; low • »vera«» prize,
won by Thomas L. Lewis; Union (iun Club
trophy, jtold cartridge pins, won by tti« Union
Gun ' Clu- San Francisco Trap ShoottßS As
socUtlon trophy of *23. won by the Union Gun
Club- ValXeJo Gun Club trophy, gold; bluerock
buttons, won by the Golden Gate Qua Club. '
The association voted to have its next
tournament at Vallejo. May 2S-27, 1908.
Dr'C E. Turner cf Vallejo waa elected
president for 1005-06; Dan Daniels, vie©
president: George W. Lewis, secretary
treasurer; 'Edgar I* Forster. maaMgar. \u25a0
Jap . Nine Defeated Aen In.
FRESNO, May 30.— The Waseda Uni
versity baseball team ; _ was defeated , by
the . Fresno : State League team ".tPTday
by a score of- 10= to 3; in '.a- spectacular"
game. The Japanese players;did won-*
derful work In the field, but 'failectltb
connect with 'Hitt, Fresno's. pltcher.'.to
any' purpose. Izumatani, ' : Waseda.'s
regular second baseman, broke 'two
fingers In . practice before the' gam e. '/<»'.
Wheeler Gets Bumped 'Hard.
Dolly Gray Has Everything While
LOS ANGELES, May 30.— San Fran
cisco was unable to connect with the
curves of Gray to-day and -was shut
out. Los Angeles scored a total of
thirteen hits off .Wheeler, including a
three-bagger and three doubles, net
ting: seven • runs. -^The fielding' of Los
Angeles was ragged at times and they
made four errors,'; although none of
them were costly. , In the opening'ln
ning, Wheeler was rapped for a triple,
a double and two singles which with a
base on balls netted three runs. Poor
base running" by Cravath and Brashear
prevented more tallies. .Tho San Fran
cisco players found serious objection
to several decisions of Umpire Davis.
Shea was fined $5 and Wilson was put
off the grounds. Score:
Los Angeles— . 1 San Francisco—
A8.R.H.P.A.1 ' : AB. R.H. P.A.
Bmrd. cf 4 12 2 0 VValdn.ef 4 0 2 10
Flood. 2b 4 1 a » l< Spncr,2b 4 0 0 2 3
Smlth,3b 3 .2 2 3 4|HUdbd,lf 3 ,0. 1 1-0
DUlon.lb 4- 1 ,1 U Ojlrwin, Sb .4 0 1 1, 2
Crvth, rf 3 1 2 0 IJNealn.lb 4 0 1. 7 1
Brshr, If 4 0 3 0 .1 \ViUms,rr 4 0-01 0
Tomn, S9 3. 1 1 - 1 2 Shea. -c. 4 0 0 6 3
Spies, \c 3 0 0 4 0 Gochnr.ss 3 0 0.4 2
Gray. p. 3 0 0 0 2 Whler, p 3 0 0 1 . 2
Totals.3l 713 27,16 Totals.33 0 5 24.13
RUNS AND HITS. BY INNINGS."
Los Aneeles .... 3 1 00 0 0 1 x— 7
Base hits ..... 4- 1 .3. 3 Ivl \u25a0 1 0 2 x— l 3
San Francisco... 0 0.0 00 00 00—0
* Base hits ..... 1 ,0. 1 0 1 10 1 o— s
SUMMARY.
Errors— Toman J2), Bernard.. Smith, Goch
nauer. Stolen -..-' base— Brashear. Three-baso
hit— Flood. -. Two-base \ hits— rßrashear, Dillon,
Smith. First base .on errors— San Francisco 3.
Left on bases— Lo» Angeles 3, San Francisco 7.
Sacrifice*" hit— Brashear. Bases' on balls— 6ft
Wheeler "3,^ oftVGray.l." Struck , out — By Gray
3,* by ' Wheeler , B.Y Double plays — Gochnauer to
Spencer to Nealon: J Flood •to » Dillon. Jilt by
pitched. ball— HJldebrand. Time of game-fOne
hour 35 minutes: -
UNCLE HANK'S MEX BLANKED.
Ten boats took part in tho twentieth
annual regatta of the Corinthian Yacht
Club held yesterday over the usual
channel course. In the twenty-foot
class there were no contestants, while
In the special yawl class John "W. Pew's
remodeled Truant was the only com
petitor. The yawl Truant was merged
into the thirty-six foot class, receiv
ing from the sloops in th\.t class an al
lowance of 7 per cent for rig. In the
forty-four foot class the sloops Speed
well and Klxte fought out a close and
most Interesting battle, first place go
ing to Commodore T. Jennings' sloop,
tailed by E. Howard.
At 12:05 p. m. four whis.tles from the
regatta committee's boat gave the sig
nal for the twenty-five footers to start.
Neva went over the line 22 seconds.
Discovery 48 seconds and Ruby S3 sec
onds after the signal. The course was
from the Powell-street wharf to and
Croucd Presidio Shoal buoy; thence to
and around Goat Island Shoal buoy;
thence to and around the leeward •'take
boat, and thence to the finish across
the starting line. The three boats fin
ished in exactly the same order as. in
the Pacific Interclub Yacht Association
regatta on September 9 of last year.
Ruby being first; Discovery second and
Neva third. .
In the thirty-foot class*Westerfeld &
Morrow's sloop Aeolus was the only
starter. She went around the full
course, covering it in ah. elapsed time
of 2 hours 36 minutes 23 seconds.. In
the thirty-six foot class the contestants
were the sloops Harpoon, Edna and
Kathleen, with the yawl truant. The
yawl was first across the line, 22 sec
onds after the signal, being followed
by the Edna one second later. Har
pocn followed, nearly one minute after
Truant, and Kathleen a little more
than one minute after Harpoon. The
speedy sloop Harpoon finished 3 min
utes 23 seconds ahead of Edna, tho
scratch boat, and took first place by a
margin, including time allowance, of
5:21. Truant was third and Kathleen
fourth. V
In class I the flagship Speedwell and
Fulton Bewy's Nixie had a battle royal,
with the same result as in the Admis
sion day regatta of last year. . Speed
well crossed the starting line 27 sec
onds ahead of Nixie, which gained
some advantage on the first leg or two
of the course. On the first run from
Presidio Shoal buoy both boats re
frained from setting spinnakers until
they were well over to the Presidio
shore, out of the full strength of the
ebb tide. On the second beat out How
ard got the . better of his opponent.'
Nixie crossed the finishing line 1 min
ute 3 seconds ahead of Speedwell." The
latter's time allowance of 2:03 brought
her In a winner by the narrow margin
of 33 seconds, corrected time.
The race was sailed on an ebb tide
and In a good, steady breeze. The re
gatta committee and a number of spec
tators viewed the race from the steam
er Sunol, which followed the yachts.
The leeward stakeboat was Frank
Stone's sloop Presto. Among the yachts
that had parties out to view tho races
were the schooners Aggie. Chlspa. Mar
tha and Lady Ada; the sloops Genesta
and Merope, and the racing boats Chal
lenger and Corinthian. The races were
under the management of T. J. Kava
nagh, Dougtas Erskine and Stewart
Middlcmas. the regatta, committee of
the Corinthian Yacht Club.' '
CHICAGO, May 30.— Webb Jay of the
Chcago Automobile Club carried off
the honors on the : final day of the au
tomobile races at' Harlem to-day. •> In
a ten-mile heart-breaking drive with
Barney Oldfleld, Jay won the ; $1000
cash prize in- the fast time of 9:49 2-5.
In .addition -to this the Chicago man
defeated Louis Chevrolet, the French
man, in a five-mile special race, for a
purse of $500.'; Jay's time ln^this event
was -4:5 8. \u25a0\u25a0,•
•Inithe ten-mile. event with Oldfield
the use of steam as opposed to gaso
line, was demonstrated by -ay. The
Chicago man used a steam- machine,
and although! hard pressed throughout
the entire.- race finished several
lengths in the lead. This race was
the most exciting seen • during the
meet. The Jay car made its speed
on the .stretches,: while Oldfleld re
peatedly cut down" the steamer's lead
at the stretch and paddock turns, only
to lose, ground on the : back straight
away, and in the front of the grand
stand. The two cars went away to
gether, but. on the first lap the Chi
cago man gamed v a lead of a furlong
over the champion, which he held un
til near the end of the race.. During
the last lap Oldfleld was steadily
gaining on his opponent, hut failed to
get up in time to .capture the , rich
prize. Oldfleld pressed his car to the
utmost, but lost considerable ground
at the turns, making broad sweeps In
an 'effort, to get the ; ratl. Summary:
• Ten mile open (postponed from yesterday) —
Won by-Webb Jay. driving steamer, 13 horse
power; Jesse EUingworth. driving Gray Wolf.
24-horsepower, second; Dan Canary,' driving
The Tornado. GO-horsepower. : third. Time.
Ten miles, $1000 cash prize, final heat— Wen
by Webb Jay, 15-horsepower; Barcey_ Oldfield,
60-horsepower. second. Time, 0:494-3. ;.
Five mile race for cars listed at $2000 or un
der—Won by J. H. McDuffee. 24-horsepower;
J. -'. W. Hayden, 16-horsepower.- second. Time,
Special five mile match race— Won' by C. A.
Coey, 40-horsepower: Elmer Apperson. 40
horsepower, second.. Time. C:l6 2-5./ \u25a0 __
Second heat, five mile Intercity race for H.
E. . Thomas cup— The heat was won by _Louls
Chevrolet.' 00-horsepowcr; A\ ebb Jay, la-horss
power. second. -Time, 4:54 4-5.
Bering; about, 5000 attended the game.
The score: , > ,>
a» a ttie .. - 1 Portland —
\u25a0 TXb.R.H.P. A. . AB.R. H.P. A.
Kane 3b 4 Q 1 2 1 Atz. 85.. - 3 ; 0 0 0 2
Mmer rf 3 0 0 2 >o|V.Bren,lf 3 0 0 1 «
HouW- If 4-00 J 0 Hshldr.ef 4.0:0-0 0
Kemer.lt, 4 ,0. 0 .0 oiSchiry.2b 2 1,1. 4. 0
Frfl>v-c-V 1 1 « 1 M'Crde.rf 3; 10 0 0
Mc/ne cf 3 0 12 0 McLen.c 3 1192
X Hails 4-0 111 Mitchl.lb3 1 1 11-O
Fe/nv 2b 30 OV 2 6 Rnkle.3b 470 1 2 0
Eoyle. P ; 3 ° °*^ >P li '_? 111
Totals.32 "l ~4 24 111 Totals.2B 4 627 11
RUNS AND HIT? BY INNINGS.
Seattle ..-.:'..-.'. 0 0 0 0' 1 0 0 0 o—l
Base hits ..... 0 '<> ° * 2 ° x'\u25a0 <> <h~*
Portland ....... 0 * ° 4 ° °*— »
B^ehlts::.... 0 0 1 : 1 1.2 1 0- x-tt
\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 ' \u25a0''\u25a0\u0084 SOMIIARY.
• Errors— Boyle, Mitchell, : "Atz. . Struck 'out—
By Garvln X by Boyle; 2. Bases on balls— Off
Garvln 1 off Boyle 6. Two-baae hits — McLean.
Hair Mitchell.. Schlafly. Lett on bases—Port
land-0 Seattl«-O. : Sacrifice bits— Van: Buren,
Miller Stolen basw — Mltch.ell, , Kane. First
bane nn errors— Seattle 2. Tlnaeof game- OB»
hour ' and forty . minutes. L'lnplre—Klopr. At
tendance, ' 0000. \u25a0:' *• . ' J \u25a0_ •'- . ; -\u25a0-
Don't • bore {others for " the purpose of
getting even. . : ' ;.>*. . "; ' /
m TWENTY-FIVE FOOT CLASS.j '
I Racing I Time I Starting | Finishing I Elapsfd I Corrected I
TACHT. I Length Allo'nee Time. | Time. ! Time. 1 Time. Pcsl
lin Feet- IM. S. H. M. S. jH.M. S. H. M. S. H. M. S. tion.
Ruby 20:ftS I 5:04 12:05:53 1:52:30 1:46:37 1:41:3? 1
Discovery 23.04 J 0:00 12:03:JS 1 :. r >l :50 ' 1:46:02 l:4«:02 2
Nwa 21.02 I 1:32 | 12:C5:22 } 1:55:12 | l:49:C0 1:4S:1S 3
• thirty-fo6t~cl"ass. '
Aeolus.. I 27.65 1 0:00 | 12:17:27 | 2:53:50 | 2:36:23 1 2:36:23 | ...
THIRTY-SIX FOOT CLASS. ' .
Harpoon 32:90 1 :0S 12:267w~f 2T41:47~1 2:15.32 I 2:14:26 I 1
Edna 33. 6 i 0:00 12:25:2$ ;j 2:45:10 2:li>:»7 2:lit:4r I 2
Truant *. 4:15 12:?5::2 1 2:5t:27 I 2:1>9:C5 I -2:;'4:RO | ...
Kathleen [ 1:59 12:27:19-' 2:58:57 | 2:31:3S | 2:£9:39 | ...
CLASST.
HprdweH ....... t 36.22 I 2:03 I 12:35:J9 I 2:45:57 I 2:13:3« 1 .2:11:35 i 1
Nixie } rjs.CO 1 0:00 I 12:35:48 | 2:47:54 | 2:12:08 " | 2:12:08 j 2
Windy City Motorist Lowers
the Colors of Barney Old
field iii Ten-Mile Eace
. - • -
The first annual, regatta of the Pacific
Association of Amateur Oarsmen was
held on the channel above Vallejo yes
terday afternoon. It was attended by
several thousand people, many of. whom
were from San Francisco, Oakland and
Alameda. The races were scheduled for
1 p. m., but it was an hour later before
the-first event was called. The clubs en
tered were the Ariel Rowing Club, Ala
meda Boat Club, Dolphin Boat Club and
the Vallejo Yachting and Rowing. Club.
The first event was * the junior barge
race, which was won by the Dolphins by
a full length. The race for second place
was between the Alamedas and. the"
Ariels. It was declared a dead heat.
The opinion of the spectators favored the
Alamedas. The start in the race . was
poor, the Alameda cew getting off last
and taking a course too far in toward
shore. '
The senior skiff rac6 was won by F. W.
Ayers of # Alameda in . nine minutes fifty
three seconds, S. J. Sherry of the Ariel.^
was second. . T. A. Wilson of the Ariels,
who won this event at. Lake Merritt on
July 4, 1904, did not start, as the bay was
too rough for his skiff.- .' • .
The senior barge race was won easily
by the Dolphin crew by more than five
lengths. Alameda was the only other
entry in this event. Time, 7:41 2-5.
The intermediate barge ' race was one
of the beat contests of .the day, and re
sulted in a victory for the Alameda crew
in 10:13. The were second and
Ariels third. \ ;'
The cutter race between ., crews from
the U. S. S. Marblehead and the U. S. S.
Princeton was f^the 1 star event of the day.
It was won by the Marblehead cutter in
7:42. The Marblehead crew claims the
championship of the Pacific squadron,
and a great deal of money changed hands
on this event.
The Junior 'skiff was won. by Alex Kee
gan of the Ariels in 10:46. Charles Quit
zow of the Alameda caught a "crab" with
his oar when a half mile jof | the course
had been covered, capsizing his craft.
In the four-oared shell race between the
Vallejo Yachting and Rowing Club and
the Ariels, the Ariels were leading sev
eral lengths when George Savage of Val
lejo lost his oar overboard and followed
it into the ' water. He was picked up by
a yacht, and the race was continued by
the VffSejo crew_ without him. When
within ten lengths of the finish the shell
of the Ariels,-. which by this time led, the
Vallejos by more than 100 yards, capsized,
and despite the efforts of the Ariel crew
to right their craft in time, the .Vallejo
men crossed the line and won' the prize.
Time, 12 minutes.;.
The race between the Russian crews
from the • cruiser , Lena was ' abandoned
owing to the depressed feeling of the men
over the defeat of the Russian 'squadron.
JAY THE HERO
OF AUTO MEET
Result of Twentieth Jinnual Regatta
Vallejo, Ariel, -Dolphin and
Alameda -Clubs Take Part
in Some Exciting Eaces
The second annual tournament of the
Pacific Coast Trapshooters; . Association
came to a close at Ingles lde yesterday.
It was the most successful affair of Us
kind ever held in this city. To J. "W.
Bradrick goes the title of champion blue
rock shot. His record during the past
three days entitled him to the distinction.
When he annexed the California cham
pionship challegne cup at 100 birds he
completed his brilliant. work.
"Fifteen experts from various "parts of
the State participated in the champion
ship event. Every one of ' the entries
had a chance for the purse and for the
artistic cup presented by Phil E. Bekeart
j Bradrick I made " an unusually poor start,
missing the first 2 birds trapped to him
Out of the next 23 birds he flretJ at he
missed but l. v jOf the next 25 he broke
23, and then he\succeeded in setting a
straight 25. He completed his score with
24, giving him the excellent score of 94
breaks out of 100 targets.
£\u25a01 Schultz made a bold effort for. the
prize, but the Golden Gate Club man fell
one target below the -winner. Nauman,
who held, the honor during the past year,
broke eighty-six -targets. He has not been
showing his form of last year. Of the
out-of-town members, A. Webb o£. Ala
meda and R- Bungay made the highest
scores, getting 90 i and 87, respectively.
R. C. Reed won the Smith" trophy, be
ing high man with 37 breaks out of 40.
The Union Gun Club won the shoot for
the Vallejo Gun Club trophy, and Otto
Feudner defeated. M. Iverson. after a tie
for the Dr. George trophy. .
The following are the scores for the six
events at 20 targets:
Slade .19 11 15 10 15 15-r 85
Bungay ...13 15 16" 18 19 19— 10O
Hagerman ....14 1» IS 13.14 12— 90
lioliing ....IS 17 IS 17 19 19— 108
Ifauxhurst 17 17 .IS .20 IS 16—106
Gibson. 15 12 13 13 19 17—88
Bradrick 16 15 18 17 20 20— IOC
Webb ...16 IS 15 20 20 20— 100
Daniela . . . .»*. . 18 14 15 17 18 17— 97
Jensen ....IS IT 17. 17 18 13—100
O. Feudn«r IS 19 19 .18 16 17—103
Dr. Pitres 1* 17 15 12-16 19-r 93
Golcher 1« 1« 1« IS 16 19—101
"Wilson" . ....IS 20 19, 15 17 15—104
F. Schults ..r.;...1« 15 16 IS 17 IS— lOO
McElwaine -12" 15 13 17,18 15—90
Patrick ............1* 13 13 .. .. ..—'4o
P. Carr 12 18 17 .. .. ..— 47
E. Adams .........17 18 19 17 : 17 18—102
Ed SchulU 18 18 16 .17 17 18— 98
Price ...18 17 18 —52
Dr. Derby 19 18 18 13.16 18—10O
F Feudner . ...17 1« 17 IS 19 10—108
H Hoyt -.18 15 16 16 19 18—98
Aehltn -.19.13 12 11 12 16— S4
p. Haas 18 14 14 17 15 17—93
Nauman 13 18 17 17 15 17—102
Kerriaon ...... 17 it 13 17 IS 18—100
Iverson ...:.. 17 IS 15 20 18 14—100
HaMeselan 16 18 14 13 16 17— 94
G." Stone" .....17 17 17 15 .. ..— 68
Mastsrsoa 15 9 15 10 16 15-^ 80
Seara 18 16 17 .. .. ..— 51
HofTman 18 19 IS 16 13 15—99
Morss 13 15 15 12 15 13—83
Reed IS 18 17 17 15 19—104
Justins 18 18 16 14,15 13—90
Donohoe <f. IS IS 14 13 18 18—87
Kins 12 12. 13 13 IS 17—88
Shl«Ms 18 14 18 15 IS 18^- 99
Harpham 18 18 15 ~16 17 17— 101
Jaeobsen ."...18 10 9 .. .. \u0084: ~: ~- 35
Goepel ............16 - 17 16 IS 18 .. — 83
Haisht ........ 15 IS 18 17 14 18— ' »8
M. Morln ..;.. 15 14 17 18 16' 19—97
Moore .... . 14 14 14 15 15 IT— B9
Carter :. . .18 13 - 18 . 16 -IS 15r-103
Hansen ....14 14 15 15 17 15^ 90
Hesse 17 14 15 15 15 15—91
Burton .-.12 9 U 12 14 12-r 70
Potter .............14 15 17 .... ..— 48
C. Drake .. ..::14 ; 19 18 17 17 15—100
Chappell .....14 .15 18 20 19 17—103
Seaver ............IS 16 17 14 20 18—103
Hoey .......;;.....:i3 13 15 13 12 15—79
Newbert ... ...IS 19 20 ;15 14 .' 15— 101
Walker .*.... .15 16 17 11 18- 17— 94
O'Hara ......;.... .14 16 14 18 15 14— 91
Brun» ........... V.lf.'Mi 14 16 18 17— 90
Knldt ...13 13 17 13 18 14—86!
Bekrart 14 17f14 ; 14..20 18—95
Fish ......19 17 17 4 16 15— 8»
Cate ...9 12 10 15 15 14—75
B Kleresahl . . ... .13 15 ' 16 18 19 15-^- 94
Juster ...V..... IS 15 18 14 13 14—90
Captain T. Lewis.. lo 10 9 10 15 7—61
H. Klevesahl 7....W 18 .14 12 12 12— SO
TaUes ......:. .....12 14 .. .... ..— 28
Haver .... ... .18 IS ,' 16 15 14 . 15— 94
G.Sylvester. 17 17.18. .. .. ..— 52
Plsanl 13 10 11 .: .. ...— 34
M. CTark .:....;... 13 IS IS 15 17- 18^- 99
Mertel ......... ...17 .. .; .. .. ..—-17
HlrscHle .......... ;1» *16 ,15 15 17 14—93
E.Drake... .... 1 .. .... .. ..— 1
G. Feudner. :."..... 12 18 15.16 18 13— ' 88
W. J0hn50n :....... 12 14 11 .. r; ..— 37
F. Ston« V 17 10 17 15 .. ..— W
E«rryman "....'..;. .'9 "... .. — '9
Barber.. .;.. 814 10 ..... .. — 82
WattJea ......15 18- 17 —48
Eiias :....;:;;.....i3 11 14... .. \u0084— s»
I Burnett ...........16 18 ' 11 ;; .. ..— 45
Ma*restinl ......•..: 17 14 14. .: •.; ..— «
Mande ' . ;-. ........ . .13 8 ... . . .; .-. — 21
iR. Wbltaey -.11 12 15 ... .. ..— «8
; > Te&m ghoot at 20 targets for, the Vallejo Gna
Club trophy: r '*..' - -
• • Lew > Angelea Gun Club— Hacerman 14. Bun
ray 18.' Jnstlns . 19—51.- T •.--\u25a0 " =
* Union Gun Club- No. 3 — Hafyht 14. Donohoo
iz-r>anuis.i3^-<»' •— r: -.- -
\u25a0 Union 1 Gun CTub ' No. . C— V. Fsudnrr 18. M.
Ivernon 18. R. C. Reed 17— 51. • >;'»*- - \u25a0
\u25a0 ' Unfon , Gun " Club * No. " 1— HoIIInj; . 17. . Haux
1 hurrt 17. Bradrick 20—64. " \u0084 •
Golden Goto Club No. I— M. O. Feudner 20
CNauraan 15,' W«bb 19— 54.';
.'Golden Gala Club No.*, 2— B. ' BdnilU ' 20
VWllson" 20.: Newbert 19-^59.- " '.
. Valleio team No. 2— CHar* 17, Hlnchle 14,
6LOOP TACHT WHICH WON THE 36-FOOT CLASS IN THE ANNUAL COR- 1
INTHIAN CLUB REGATTA TESTERDAY BY A WIDE MARGIN. THE EDNA I
FINISHING IN SECOND PLACE. THE BOATS HAD A STRONG BREEZE. j
REGATTA DRAWS
MANY OARSMEN
THE -SAN FRANGISGO; GALL, J
YACHTS RACE IN A GOOD, STEADY BREEZE
HARPOON A SPEEDY CRAFT
Outdistances All Her Corinthian Competitors in the 36- Foot Class
EDITED BY
R. A. SMYTH
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National League.) > (American. Laague.)
W. I* Pet. W. Lw Pet.
New Tork ..23 10 .T-MlClerelana *.21 11 ,63«
Pittsburs; ...22 18 .578 Chicago -..,.20 14 .533
PhUadel i...19 18 .M3!Phlladel Id 1* .37ft
Chicago 20 19 .613 Detroit ..._l3 16 .529
Cincinnati ..17 19 .4?^ Washington '.18 20 .444
Boston .....14 22 .34* Boston ...4.13 2O :42»
St. Louis ...14 23 .33a St. Louis- ...15 21 .417
Brooklyn ...13 27 .8571 N>w Tork \u008413 22 .371
Boston Noses the Senators
Out in a, Double-tEleader.
Highlanders Lose Again
CLEVELAND WINS
Elmer Stricklett Holds the
Champions Safe Btefore a
Crowd of 30,000 Fanatics
GIANTS SPLIT
WITH BROOKLYN
BRADBRICK DEFEATS OPPONENTS
AT BLUEROCK SHOOTING
[' Maybe old -.wrinkles Van HaJtren would
like tb.be a common everyday .'ballplayer
iihstead of captain-rhapager and master
>of ceremorries of one baseball team. When
your nine Btits walloped six tirries witHout
.a break it sounds like soing.spme. That
-is theTv/ay. the Commr.te.r^ are ..riding, for
(the Tigers- made it halt 'a "dozen in a row
;yesterdaj T , whenthey' won.'3'to 1, at Rec
reatifin Park. \u25a0•\u0084.•' i v , ' «- \u25a0 - .
Just a few. little breaks-; threw.- the. game
away." If Oscar Graham could make; th'at
spit ball on his jump right in every inning
the Tigers would never, have had. a license
to get a run. Then had not the sun gKone
so brightly in the eyes of Julie Streib and
Kink. Kelly something else would have
happened. All these things came. to pass
and so ditl a victory for the band of
jungle monsters.
Graham pitched one of the greatest
games of the season. He worked a spit
ball that had • curves to it many feet
high, low, inside and outside. Eleven
times did "the Tigers bite at it without
locating anythng but a bit of atmosphere!.
Oscar, however, lost himself in the third
spasm and the Tigers werequlck to send
in a delegation of two. \u0084 '
Bobby Keefe was also in evidence. He
winged out seven, besides having perfect
control of the leather and receiving back
ing up from the fields that would win a
game "in anybody's leag"ue.\u0094 The Tigers
llelded in the grandest possible kind of
form, not one of them falling down,
though hard chances came through every
minute.
Graham went wrong for the first time
in the, third,. when he passed Hogan and
Keefe and let Doyle tap safely over
second. Sheehan swung through to left
and brought in two men.- Nordykfi bunted
and Graham was late with the throw,
leaving three on the sacks and no dead
ones. The erratic southpaw then began
to pitch baseball again, striking out the
next . two I men and forcing the third to
fly to left. ,
I Oakland, could not get a hit until the
j sixth, wheir^KeHy punched one to the
'sctfre boara~fo r r"a pair of sacks. Dever
eaux put him up on an out and Frahcks*
long fly to the right garden let him sneak
[: in with the only one the Commuters could
piCkUp.r . - \u25a0".".-/«* <:; t'\u25a0*--\u25a0t '\u25a0*--\u25a0 \u25a0 :: -\u25a0;:-
Oakland got the jams again in the
seventh. After Keefe had flown Kelly
stepped away from Doyle's hit and let it
go safely When it should have been a
dead one. Sheehan walked and when
Graham tossed to first to catch him asleep
Streib did a stunt like Kelly, the ball go
ing to the right field bleachers and Doyle
coming through to the pan. The score:' '
Oakland — 1 Tacoma— - .
AB.R. 11. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
VnHln.cf 4 0 11 0 Doyle,2b. 5 I 2 2-2
Krugr.rf 4 0 12 0 Shehn.3b 3 0 12 1
C00k, U... 3 0 11 0 Nrdyk.lb 3 0 0 11 0
Strcib,lb 4 0 19 0 Eajran.s. 4 0 1 1 4
, Kelly,2b. 4 113 3 McLin.lf 3 0 0 10
Devrx,3b" 3 0 0 0 2 Lynch.cf 4 0 110
Franks.s 3 0 0 0 2C.Ghm.c<4 0 0 7 1
- Byrnes.c 3 0 011 1 Hogan.rf 3 10-2 0
O.Ghm.p 3.0001 Keefe.p.. 2 1 00 3
Totals. 3l 1 827 9 Totals. 3l 3 C 27 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.'
Tacoma «.....:... 0 0 2 -0-0 0 1 0 o—3
1 Base hits ....V. 0 .I*2 :0 0 1 10 o—s
Oakland 0 0 0 0 10 0 0 o—l
v Base hits 00 0 6 1 0 22 o—s
.SUMMARY. \u0084
Stolen bases — Lynch, Doyle.' Errors— O.
Graham 2,' Two-base hit — K^lly. Sacrifice
hits — McLaughlln. NordykP: - First base on
error — Tacoma 1. -' First .base' on called balls-
Off. Graham -4, -off." Keefe >lo Left on bases-
Oakland 4. Tacoma 6. Struck out— By Gra
ham 11. by Keefe 7. Double p!ay— Byrnes to
Kelly.' Time of game — 1 hour and 45 min
utes. Umpires — Perine and Bray. -
STA.VDIXG Olf THE CLUnS.
/(PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.) |
• . " \u25a0- . .w. l; pcm \u25a0 : ' ' \u25a0 \y.- l. Pet.
r Taccma :. ... .31 Ti . 585. L0s ' Angeles. 2s 26 ".400
j'San Fran.'.. 2B 27;. 7ioi)- Portland-"'. .;S5 27 ;4SO
I Oakland : l.'.'Zl SO-.SO.t Se'atUe ;.'... .22 30 .423
-:\''':.^ \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 ' -••' -x - \u25a0 ' ..;.'_•'...• \u25a0.
-• RESUL r - OP GAMES. :
Tai'Qma, 3; Oakl»n<l> 1. :': ' '•_-'..
Los \u25a0 Anjjel^s, ,7; Sau Francisco^ 0.
Portl«u<l, 4; Seattle, 1. ;
Keefe Is Accorded 'i Perfect
.; Siipjyort and Oakland? ls
Lnciv to Get in a Tally
;WTNGS OUT ELEVEX^IEN
Oscar Gmliam'S Ball"
; A Cioes Astray -X'ong Enough.
. to^ Let T\^o ) Euhs Arrive
Second Annual Tournament of Pacific Coast Trap
\u25a0Shooters^ Association Comes foSucce^sful End.
TIGERS POUNCE
ON COMMUTERS
NATIONAL* LEAGUE.
NEW YORK. May; 30.— Although -out
batting' their opponents Xew York lost
the afternoon came tk> Brooklyn. With
men on bases StrlckSntt pitched excel
lent ball and the local men could do
nothing with his delivery when a hit
'was needed. Attendance, 30,000. Score:
hL h. c.
New York \u0084 3 U 2
Brooklyn ...\u2666»... 4 ft. ,5
. Batteries — Wlltae and Br«anahan; Strlcklett
and Bergen.' Umpire — liausm.ne.
\u25a0 In the morning game, th.r visitors could da
nothing with McGlnnity'j pitching. Attend
ance, 7500. Score:
: R. H. E.
New Toi* *. 7 11 3
Brooklyn .....'. \u0084... 2 6 0
Batteries — McGlnnity and B4*werman; Scan
lon and Rltter. - Umpires— KlV-m and Bauso
ns inc. '
PITTSBTJRG. Mar 30.— Plttsaurs was ta fla*
halting trim in the afternoon 4 nri would have
run the score much higher !£. Dunleavy had
not been .so e JTectl va in rlsiit. field. Attend
ance 11.250. Score:
" K. H. K.
Pittsbwrg; » 13 2r
St. Louis .-..\u25a0... 4... S 10 2
Batteries — Leerer and Petta; Taylor. Warner
and Zearfoas. Cmplre — Johnsttane.
In the morning- gam* to-da.T St. Louis was
shut out In a fast, snappy and clean gams;
Attendance. (6500. Score:
. -. R. H. E-
Plttsbursr V .*.. 8 9 9
St. Louts 4.. 0 8 2
Batteries — Case and Cartsch; Fjjan, Nichols
and Warner. Umpire — Johnstor*?. '
BOSTON. May 30.— Pht!ad*3>hK won a
pitcher's battle this afternoon. Both Corridon
and Young pitched rood ball. Attendance. 7300.
Score:
R. .H. E.
Philadelphia .*. 2 8 3
Boston .... 18 2
- Batteries— Ctrrrtdon. aad . Doo£n; Young: and
Moran. Umpire— C Day. . ;
\u25a0 BOSTON. May 30. — Boston's poor fielding;,
couplad with Philadelphia's lona- hitting say*
the forenoon game- to the* visitors. Attend
ance. 2300. Scoro:
- - ' ' R. H. E>
Philadelphia —13 11
Boston .~.... .............. 3.8 1
Batteries — Plttlnger and KaJioa;/ Frazer,
Mo ran and Needham. Uriplr« — OT>ay.
CINCINNATI. May 30.— Chicago won the
morning game by bunching a base on balls
and two hits in the fifth Inning, Attendance.
2CO. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati _ 0 SI
Chicago 1 7-1
Batteries — Walker and BchleJt Ruehlbach
and O'Neill. Umpire— Emslte. : • \u25a0
The afternoon game was calleiT- after the first
half of the first Inning on account of rain.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND. 0.. May 3*— Cleveland easily
defeated St. Louis In tha morning game,
bunching bits in th* - fifth and sixth. Errors
by Moran and Sndhoff wera costly. Attend
ance. 6500. Score: R. H. E.
Cleveland -\u0084. 8 12 1
St. Louis..... t-. 3 8 2
Batteries— Hesa and Bernls; Sudhoff and
"Weaver. ' ,
Cleveland mads It threa straight from St.
Louis this afternoon." It was a pitchers* bat
tle between Joss and Howelt. with honors . in
favor of the former. The total attendance- for
; both games was 21.080. breaking the Cleveiai>4
record, being the actual turns Ul* count. At
tendance at second game, 14,500. Ecora:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 1 ft .1
St. L0ui5......... 0 42
Batteries — Joss and Bemlsc Howell axd
"Weaver. :\u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-'•
CHICAGO. May 30.— Detroit won the. second
. game of the double-header from Chicago in, the
afternoon. Attendance. 13.600. Score:
. \u25a0 R. H. t..
Chicago 2 5 O
Detroit .'.' ..3 12 . . 3
Batteries — Whit? and Sullivan; MuDen and
'. Doran.
1 Detroit chut out Chicago la . tha morning; In
a slow and uninteresting game lasting; ten In
nings. Attendance. 2300. Scoro: R. It. E.
Ch.caga .0 .ft 2
Detroit 1 J 2
Batteries— Altrock and McFarland; TKtlliaa
and Drill. •\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0"
•' ' WASHINGTON. May 80.— Boston ba tnrd out
a victory in the final innins of the morning
game. . Criger was sent to bat far i'lr.Oove m
and Unglaub for Winter in the ninth, the for
mer being passed to first and the Utter .singled,
scoring three runs. Attendance. O-i'O., - Scure:
R. . H. E.
Washington 3 5 0
Boston .4 . 12 5
Batteries — Jacobsen and Hey don; Young,
Winter. Criger and McGovern.
Boston this afternoon shut out Washington
In a pitchers* battle before the large*- crowd
of the season.' Towneend pitched •** ill. but
was excelled by Young. Attendance. 12.500.
Score: R. H. K.
[Washington 0 • 3 1
[Boston 2 8 1
- Batteries — Townsend and Klttredgex, Young
and Criger. ;
PHILADELPHIA. May 30.— New YorV* mada
but ' ona hit and scored no - runs ua:il * tb«
ninth, when CoakJey weakened. Griffith took
Powell's place In the ninth and allowed.- Phila
delphia, to win with a base on balls ajad two
hits." Attendance. 7900. Score: R. H. •E:
•TCew York.'. ;.. 5(5 u2
Philadelphia '6 10- i
Batteries — Powell. Grtfntht and KUelnow;
Coakley and Schreck.
THa afternoon game was postponed oa ac
count of rain. . . » .*
MIDSHIPMAN WINS MEDAL.— .Henry
BlenOeld has received Information' that
bis,, son Rufus. . who la a midshipman, .at th*
Annapolis Naval Academy , won th» swi)nming
event, for which the New York Yach<i Club
offered a gold medal. Young Bienfield wun bis
prize In the Intercollegiate athletic competition
and beat his next : opponent by ana foot. ." -
VaU*Jo . team No. S — Ella* 7. Burnett la,
Lewis 10— 83. ' >\u25a0
Valtejo team No. I—Clarit1 — Clarit 17. Cnapell 17.
Drake r7— 6l. s . ....
> California championship chaJJenj* cup .at ICO
B. Bungay (Los Angeles) 22 19 23 23 — 87
C. D* Hagermaa <Lo« Angeles). l9 18 19 19 — »3
Juatlns (Loa Angeles).. 18 IS 20 22—74
Peter Wllaon (San Francisco).. 'J3 23 23 24— 92
a "Gibson fWUUam*)... ..16 12 2O 23— 70
M*. J. Iverson (San Francisco). .^3 22 21 23 — &>
J. W. Bradrlck* (Saa Francisco) . 2: 23 25 24 — 04.
B. Holling (San Francisco).... l9 22 24 24—39
R.C.:Ke«d (San Francisco) 23 18 22 20— 81
L. Haoxhum (Oakland) 21 19 20-28-S2
F. Kewbert (Sacramento)..... lS 23 23 22 — 85
C. Nauraaa (San Francisco).... 23 20 20 23 — Brt
A. Webb (Alameda) 21 23 22 24— «0
M. O. Fetidner (San Francisco). 23 21 23 24— OX
Ed Schultz (San Francisco). ...22 23 24 24 — 93
11
WINNER OF THE CHAMPIONSHIP AT
\u25a0 THE BLUE ROCK TRAPS AND A
VISITOR WHO PERFORMED WELI*
"Hyfstlterliadboen asaffererfrca siclcbekdache
for the lost twenty-five years and never found any
relief octll ho be;sn taking yonr Ca«earrts. Eiac»
fceba>bec«n taklog Cascarets bo has aerer had
the headache. They tars entirely cured him.
Cascarets do vfeat you recomzaead them to do. I
ynil rive yon the privilege of osiog his nasie."
E.Sd. Ulck son, lI2C P.cslner St.. W.lndisnapolis, lnd. ;
Kgl GT *^ Jar The *^owpl^
CANonromuime
Pleasant, Palatable. Potent. TmU Good. Do Good,
Kfrer Sicken, Woaken or Gripe. lOe. «Sc. We. Nere*
\u25a0oid In bciV. The e*nnlna tablet * tamped 000.
Ocarasteed to cere or yonr money back.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 598
AigUALSALE, TEN MILLION BOXES
k visit DR. JORDAN'S cbeat4
{MUSEUM OF ANfITOMY?
• j&T
A w«U. Wntcmu ar any «*Dtraet«d A
t *S°lMi!g> 6itt—» HiHl»riy«ai«<tfUM QUuMT
\u25a0V rSxa BpooUnJt«oU»Oc*n. Ett-Uyew*. a
i »!§£ m - 'ORDAK-OISEMEB CP MEK
"> iQ&ftb Oeßn»tatl« tnt atfl Mrtftty priTau \
S I i*yZ Trntnum prrtepall/ cr bj Iruti. A A
CrS It ' frit" tor IUe1t.»»»I ItOS mrwCiCmSA
Tr JJ II SJABBMCI!, MULMO fMUt. lAY
1 ifi -4r **^<>*>>t* back lor »m.) \
T IJB- JOKCAX A CO«KBIM«LrtftBt..B.F. VTHE SAN FRANCISCO,. CALL, WEDNESDAY, ' MAY 31, 1905.
12
\u25a0..\u25a0:\u25a0'\u25a0 CLAIIIVOYANTS-— Contltr ued. ;';.•___;'.
"..\u25a0\: >: ! ;.v ; *.;. .;;^PRpF^ v N.ißi_»,:i
\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 '-World-Famed--' Astroi-Trance *: Clairvoyant. " , p
.. MY- $5 COMPLETE' LIFE. READINGS $1.. : V
\u25a0 ' I.!do^hcreby. solemnly agree l and guarantee'to,
; make ; you..no.;charge>i_f I: fail* to call you .by.',
\u25a0 name' in .full, nanies •\u25a0 of • your -'friends. ; 'enemies ,
or rivals.:- 1 ferornisia to tell you; .whether.:your.,
husband;: wife-, or > sweetheart \u25a0is -true-: or -f afee; ;:
: tell.' -.-ou how. tp ; :Eain love: of "the .one you <
n.cst. desire,-;' even ' thoush miles -"away: how. to.
succeed' lrt: business; speculation,' lawsuits: how. ;
to xnarry the. one of your choice ;Vliow to.' regain
you Uj. . health : and v- vitality. ' Removes. ' evil, in-* :
flu-enoe, . cures drink habits, \u25a0 locates treasures, v
. Howcaii I hav«j good luck? \u25a0V-^'V.V-V ;\u25a0•;\u25a0-•\u25a0: ;>-'; >-' !
-How-can I succeed In business? v -.;;'-., : "•'; \u25a0-.\u25a0.'\u25a0,.
\u25a0 How can I' make myhome happy? :::••: -:,,:\u25a0 .;..-.
-How can I iharry the one I. choose? i ':,*??:"';"\u25a0
How soon can I marry? \u25a0- ' v' \u25a0' - •: \u25a0.^•V. : : - ' i
. .' How can I make anyone l^ve me?;' ./\u25a0: •' •::;-. '
\u25a0How soonwill. my lover propose? . :\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0 .',* j
. How can-I get a good position? :: ' . V \u25a0'.; :
. How can I remove bad Influences? ' . \u25a0\u25a0"•-,• : :';;
-. He.iv can I control any one? \u25a0' ' . ;.-;.; .;:
How can I hold my. husband's love? ' :'
' How can I keep my wife's love?
HOURS. 10 TO S. DAILY AND SUNDAY. .
: • 097— Market St.— oo7.
Next door to ' Hole's bts store, corner of 6th.
-PROF. NIBLO.) -.'.•\u25a0 ;.'; .' \u25a0 "
A— THE GREAT."'. ONLY AND ORIGINAL
PRINCESS EUGENIA. ;
TRANCE CL.VIRVOYANT.
BORN WITH A DOUBLE VEIL.
" EDUCATED IN OCCULT SCIENCE IN •
" \ EGYPT AND INDIA.
SPECIAL— THIS WEEK ONLY— •
MY $5 COMPLETE LIFE READINGS. $1.
TELLS YOUR NAME— TELLS YOU WHEN
t, AND WHOM YOU WILL MARRY.
' Settles love quarrels and promptly reunites
the separated, no matter how Jong standing.
.London's most ,famou3 palmist - and clalr-'
• voyant; is acknowledged by prese and public
the great living DEAD TRANCE MEDIUM.
: She tells what you came for before you utter
a word;" does not ask questions, no matter what
your trouble may be.
HOURS— IO TO S, DAILY AND SUNDAY.
1148 MARKET ST.— ll4B.
(Same Floor Fowser, Photographer).
ISMAR, ! Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market St., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to sp. m., Sundays 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening 6 to -8. Phone South 1141.
MME. i MAY, palmist and card-reader, 3832
Eighteenth. nr.;Sanchez; hours 1 to 6; 50c
MME. RAVENNA, the marvelous clairvoyant,
gives, names, advice in all affairs. 5 4th st.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts. 239 Powell St.. room 1.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
removed from 108 Sixth st. to 054 Mission.
SPIRITUALISM.
V.IMUU-.A.U -\u25a0- " --•-
FRED P. EVANS, famous demonstrator of
slate writing, and other spiritual phenomena,
returned' for a brief period. Office 1112
Kfldy st.; phone Scott 887.
JOHN SLATER— CircIe to-night, 8:15* tests to
all. - GI6VJ Lombard, bet. Powell and Mason;
\u25a0 fittings 10 to 4. Phone James 7396.
MME. HASS tell past, present, future with-
out asking questions; 25c up. 1167. Howard
street. - -, > - -
'EARLE to-night; tects, messages to all. 219
Eddy st.. .8:15 sharp. ". - \u25a0
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 10, Gait House.
AGNES BACON mystic, clairvoyant, trance
mod.; read. 50c up/ 810 O'FarreJl: East 4260.
Mrs ; Sill. 1049 A Market, r. 21: sit. daily, 10 a.
, no to 7 p. in.; dr. Mon.« ( Wed.. Frl. evengs.
GRAND usance to-night. 10c: , readings dally;
25c up. MME. EILERSFICKEN. 53C Turk.
PROF. GEE In his startling test circles every
night. 10c; readlnga daily. 993 Market St.-
CREDIT CLOTHIERS.
C. F. ADAMS CO., 318 Mason st.-^-Clothing
\u25a0 for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us and have it charged.
. COLLECTION OFFICES. .V
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery gt.. rooms 9-10. Tel Mrln 6580.
CURE FOR RUPTURE.
DR. PIERCES Magnetic Elastic Truss; per-
fect retainer; positive cure; book free. Re-
moved to 206- Kearny St.. room 307. ,
-!f0i393 EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. -
GEORGeTm? SAKAUYE— Successor to George
- Aoki, oldest and largest Japanese and Chinese
\u25a0 employment office. "421 Pest et.; phone Bush
j 135;" promptly furnishes all kinds of help.
UP-TO-DATE Japanese-Chinese emp.. office
furnishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. SAIKI, 405 Post St.; tel, James 501.
STAR Employment Office— Reliable Japanese
and Chinese help furnished with care. W.
KADOTA. 409 Powell St.; tel. Main 1«51. ,
A— ORPHEUJI Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. ' 426 Powell St.; tel Main 5752.
A JAPANESE' and Chinese' help. " WM.
YOSHY, 415 Stockton St.; tel. Bush 559.- •
Finest Japanese help: house-cleaning specialty.
Geo. R. Kunlabe. 317 Mason; tel James 5251.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's, 411%. O'Farrell; tel East 420.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab.. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE. Chineee he'.p of all kinda furn-
ished; houyecleanlng. 7CS Taylor; James 7636.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flee: all kinds help. 315 Stockton. Main 51S8.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
A COMPETENT Swedish girl,, with first-class
reference, derires situation (city or country)
as cook and laundress in private American
family; wages $35. Please, call or address
..I2OS Mission st. Phone Howard. 2933.
A 'COMPETENT middle-aged woman wants a
\u25a0 situation; Id a good family cook and laun-
dress; kind, to children; will go'a : shorfdis-
. tance-in the country; wages $15 to $20. '261%
: .Tehama st. '. - - '. \u25a0•*'.- • ''.\u25a0. \u25a0 \u25a0
A REFINED, Christian young woman I wants
position as governess or nurse for children,
or as companion; city or country; wages $25,
$30. Box 3041. Call office. ' \u25a0 ' \u25a0
AAA — BOOKKEEPER, cashier; young lady
expert accountant; all systems;'. highest •\u25a0 ref--
crences: last, position 4 yrs. "Box 52U3. Call.
A WOMAN experienced In nursing would- like
position to care for invalid; best of refer-
; encefe given.- Address C. L.. box 3034, Cal.
GOOD industrious elderly woman- wishes to do
general housework. Call at 272 Eighth st..
• near Folsom.' * . "•
COMPETENT woman wants, a situation as
housework; good cook and laundress ;. city or
country. '-Box- 3418, Call. .- -- ' . \u25a0
A -YOUNG woman, first-class laundress; $1 €0
per day. Please write to 130% A Fern aye.,
\u25a0. near Van Ness. - - ;
GERMAN lady will wash lace curtains. '25c
pair. Call or address MRS. STAMM. 1381
Minna; curtains called for. '. •
SEWING -by.'- the : day* -at home or out: good
fitter, .quick worker; $2 50 a day. 513 Fol-
: som St.. downstairs. - -
WOULD -like to Make in one or two'small
i washings; also plain sewing to do.. 490 Lln-
' den aye. ' " : - \u25a0'\u25a0'.- '.
AMERICAN woman wants a position as house-
.. keeper or care for - invalid. Apply 856
.'. Folsom. '; "',. . ' J ' - -'\u25a0- \u25a0
A WOMAN, with a child would like work in
\u25a0'the country;. can do plain cooking. Box 3405.
: Call of flee. •\u25a0' -... ' -.- -.'\u25a0" -'"-.'• .-"^:-. '
TRAINED nu^e from Chicago, wants engage-
ments; confinement; references. '. Box • 3284,
'\u25a0'\u25a0' Call office, .'f
STENOGRAPHER; competent, neat . and " ac-
v curate desires position; low wages to com-
•: •/; mence 'with;-' Box 3346." Ca11. '. -
COMPETENT. German woman wishes a situa-
tion-; housework,' good cook and' laundress;
"city or country; state wages.; Box 3550, Call.
A LADY wishes to go out sewing by the day.
$2 per day.' Box 3430. Call office.
•YOUNG.l ady" wants- sewing at. home. Address
.flu Chenery'Ft. ' \u25a0-.- : \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0'-\u25a0
COMPETENT- woman desires "Washing, or
housework by tbe day. .Box 3450. Call. :
GERMAN* lady' would llke'pcsitlon washing or
." cleaning by the day.' Box 3461. Call office."
A"; : LADY- would :i like to » work •by | the day.
'. Pleat-e. call at -322 Fremont : st. -•--.
' • EaiPLOTMENT AY ANTED— MALE."
EDUCATED 1 gentleman,':': who speaks and
- writes Spanish.^ English. * French ; and Italian ;
-understands .. bockkeeplng,' typewriting;: and
'"music; 'wishes to travel as confidential secre-
t ary.V interpreter' or salesman. - Box '\u25a0 3370.
--'. Call. .'''\u25a0--:"--.. ••---..".\u25a0' " . :-\u25a0'-:-. '\u25a0'"- ;t; t \u25a0>
A' YOUNG Englishman .would : like to sign con-
; tract \u25a0 to .iWork ' for ' carpenter .'and \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 builder ; as
carpenter. w apprentice; , have worked 18
V months at \u25a0\u25a0" the trade. - Write or ; call 2900
:- 'Twenty-fifth. St.- •;.'\u25a0,.\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0-,:.' '. >-' x V>.h;?/ i.-Vi
GARDENER : and '; florist i wants .; situation on
: ; - ; private '\u25a0 place - or ; nursery; : 22 . years' -' experl-
_-' ; erice >in :• the ; business ; $ German - single \u25a0- man."
?• Address :EUGENH -i HORN; •25 • Third .. St. -
COOK-^Steady. •' middle-aged - man wants work
•\u25a0"in iboarding-hous«-'6r: small'' restaurant.' •' J.
" • DUNN, 149 "" Third * st. . . . . ;; ; \u25a0:
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued..--.-,,.
R. E.:CALLAHAN, - 26 . Montgomery st,
-.:..:":•-:• :.-.; ..-;. Telephone^^.Johnv 0300.^:/ \u25a0; ..,.••-; ••-
- '-:' Bu elriess locations and leases ; a ; specialty. .\u25a0 > . ...
':i' If you :-are' looking for ; an opportunity', to,
:v >enfease;:ln -the:; liquor I>: would-. be-
; : '.pleased to ;\u25a0\u25a0 have i you call \u25a0 and; see .-me ; ; I ; make \u25a0
,;'\u25a0::\u25a0 a specialty of . ; Balpons;- groceries; and ;v bars;
: hotels wtlh bars attached, etc., .and I' am in
.-; af' positionr- to: give.;. you Information ;- on ; op-
'-\u25a0'\u25a0 portunltles that you : cannot>flnd In any other
"\u25a0•'•.-' of flC'e.'i- as my business. .ls strictly confidential ;
\u25a0 and r the different places I have listed ;are not .
•'•'•"^6n,: the -open: market ; I iwlil positively =suar- .;
\u25a0- ..^ antee^ them-: \ O ;. be; just'as represented.-' . . ; ".: : -
fSOQO— POSITIVELY one of the very best.cor-
' -ner .'groter}'-- and- bars north- of Market; well
vln town; fully $3000 good Al stock. on hand:
years' lease; rent' very:;reasonable:. receipts
: 'per day/guaranteed to run: from $60: to; $»(>;•
this • is \u25a0; positively a ; bona fide opportunity. If
/.- you.' ere looking for, an ! Investment -of: this
\u25a0 kind I will ask you to call up and . : see - me.
: I will gladly give, you full particulars, and I
S arri^certain after you hear same you will bn
positively lntereßted. This: is without douht
\u25a0\u25a0'"• the 'very -best' opportunity of ite kind in. the
city to-day. I will personally guarantee this
opportunity to be gilt-edged. -. : :'.•\u25a0. :
R. E. -.CAL— AHANi \u25a0' ; .
ONE-HALF of a well-established, elegantly
located millinery . store for rent to a respon-
sible dressmaker; very: reasonable rent. In-
\u25a0 quire roum 7, 26 Montgomery st.
REMOVED. REMOVED. REMOVED.
You'll find KREDO & CO.
AT 7 GRANT A\ r E., NEAR MARKET.
Special bargains, see KREDO. 7 Grant aye.
Hotels, lodging-houses, at 7 Grant aye.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of -advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at ICOB Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. - \u25a0-. • . °
DENTISTS. . .
DREXLER 'PAINLI Ess^DENTAIT CO-IP AN y7
Perfect painless dentistry at lowest prices.
Our patent pearl plates, .$5; silver, fillings,
26c; gold fillings, fl; gold crowns, $3 60;
brldye work. $3 50. 1104 Market, cor. Turk.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone^ — Cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns $3 50; fillings 50c:
plates, $5, full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. 11th—"
No charge for extracting when plates ar^
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting COc: gas given.
DR. WILL W. RAMSEY, dentist, 927 Market
st., over Zinkand Cafe. •
FILLINGS, 25c and COc; crowns. $2. NEW
YOKK DENTISTS. 969 Mission, SE cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2, no
pain: op. Sun. Dr.A.C.llewitt. 101U Grant ay.
DRESS3IAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
KElS*TER'^~Ladies' Tailoring .College gives
the best facilities for^ ladles desiring to
learn dressmaking and tailoring for home or
business. Our system of cutting from
actual measurements surpasses any chart
method. No confusing conglomerations.
Pupils taught on their own garments under
expert instructors. Special rates to girls
during vacations. Diplomas given. Patterns
cut to order. Night school. 1281 Market.
Majestic building.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and. Millinery
School, removed to Donohoe bldg.. cor. Mar-
ket and Taylor sts.
Accordion, sunburst- and. knife pleating. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
A THE Osborn Conservatory of Music has an
enrollment of 2700 pupils in San Francisco on
mandolin, guitar, violin, banjo, pianoforte,
harp, cornet, harmony, also voice culture,
special Instructors for advanced studies;
class and private lessons; recitals given.
Stelnway Hall building. 223 Sutter St.; phone
John 5C09, 220 Grant aye.
A— GALLAGHER-MARSH ; BUSINESS COL-
LEGE has removed to larger quarters at 5K53
Market Bt. ; recommended by all court report-
ers; catalogue.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
lege: refs., Professor Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evng. session. Phelan bldg.
A — S. F. Bus. College, 738 Mission st.; recom-
mended by 5000 graduates, who have good po.
sitlons; 120 positions since March 1; I cata-
lcgue free.
THE Paul Gers on School of Acting, the largest
Institution- devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America:* positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building. \u25a0
STAMaiERING— Why not- let us cure you at
821 Franklin et.. near McAllister T . Hours 1
to 5 p. m. ; ' guaranteed. ' • i
SCHOOL of practical cutting, room 59, Colum-
bian bldg., 016 Market — Cutting of men's
garments taught by C. E. C. Koss & August
Stlegeler: lessons evgs.,Sat. & Sun. excepted.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.: Cal. B. C. stu-
dents with us; stenographers trained; pcsl-
tiens secured. 025 Golden Gate. Webster & Co.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering. 24
Poxt et., S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. . Send for prospectus.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln., mech., sur-
vey assay, cyanide; day, eve. : est. 1864. Van
,4er Nalllen School, .113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24" Post st.
Established 1803; largest in the West;' an-
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
IRVING Institute School for Girls.- 2120 Call-
fornla st. ; Easter term begins Tuesday, Jan-
\u25a0 uiry 3, 1905. • . ' ' |
Engineering, drawing, designing, mathematics
taught, right methods ;evgs; mail. 20 Hartford.
WESTERN Business College, 1281 Market st.;
thorough, practical, modern; day. evening.
HINMAN'S ACADEMY, a thorough school of
dancing: all branches. 1412 Polk at:, nr. Calif
EYE AND , NERVOUS DISEASES.
HEADACHE, chronic constipation, rheuma-
tism, diseases of the eye and the nervous
syßtem speedily cured. DR. SCHIRMAN. 6«
Sutter 6t-. rooms 34-S5. bet. Mason & Taylor.
LODGING-HOUSES .FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO.- -Phone South 1050.
\u25a0 - ' ,— -
3 Eddy St., cor.' Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-Houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances. .
This modern up-to-date house;
cheap rent; long lease; 70 rooms; best of fur-
niture and carpets: has large country transient
trade: fine location ; clears * $250 to $300 per
month; owing to certain conditions this bouse
will be sold at big bargain. -
Well -furnished flat of 7 rooms; rent ?37 50;
water free; good central location; snap; $250.
New and elegantly appointed apartment-
houpe of 23 rooms; grand location and up-to-
date; cheap rent, fine lease, but owing to sud-
den sicknpsp In family it must be sold; big
snap at $1500.; *
Are you looking for a first-class Investment,
where your money* will earn you 25 to 30 per
cent per year? This now modern ' 128-room
downtown house, offices and billiard-room on
ground floor; well : furnished; long lease; an
up-to-date proposition; owing to death in fam-
ily will be sold at sacrifice; part down, balance
long time at low interest." ;.-;; ..
For ' face of mortgage you can get this 16-
room well-furnished corner house; cheap rent;
all full: but must be taken at .1 once: • $050
takea it.
" Beautiful new building, with grand entrance;
00 light and sunny rooms; elegantly furnished
throughout in weathered oalc, mahogany, btrds-
eye maple, - Axmlnster and Moquet : carpets;
long-lease, with cheap rent; will clear $300
per month; fine location, but owing to sickness
In family will be sacrificed; call;- for further
particulars.
Here Is a well-located » house of 14 nice
eunny roomy cheap rent, well "\u25a0 furnished,
where you can clear. $75 per month;' this 'can
be had for $750. ' • ' ..
Newly furnished house of 30 rooms; fine
central location; can be \u25a0 run \u25a0 either ' transient
or permanent roomers; you can clear $150 over
all expenses; . retiring, from 'the business. ; ;
Here's a fine NW. corner; rent only $S0;
there are 18 well-furnished rooms"; 2 entrances;
rooms all: light and sunny; fa snap at. $750.
Well-fumlshed little 22-room house; all light
housekeeping; no work; everything -;in first-
class - condition : the \u25a0 rent is : only $90 - and it
will only take $550. t0 get in. \u25a0 :
If you > are lookln- for , a firßt-clasa r up-to-
date downtown thoroughly > respectable room-
ing-house, this' 43 " sunny-roomed house, ele-'
pantly • furnished," \u25a0 where- your, profit -.would ) be
$250 above 1 all expenses,': plea.se call- and we
will take pleasure In showing above house. ! t
A. CAMERON: A: C0. .^8 EDDY ST.//
" SCHWEINHARD &CO.. TV :..'v-
Reliable Rea I Estate : and ' Lodging-house "Agts.'
.Established 1803..;:: Phone Jessie 3041.
" Many bargains in mortgage sales. .>
Before buying teall- and investigate. : .'-.
A— FISHER & CO., * -James Flood bldg.
:\ -.. \u25a0 _ T \u25a0 Main 3354." .-x-' ,:;•.:\u25a0>.:,-..;
Present .'a., fine " line / of . rooming-houses;
': many real \u25a0 bargains ; : investigation ', desired." •»
Roomlns-non-eg and Hotels for Sale.
' MARION GRIFFIN,
.9.70'-^ Market..—. "' S t; — •' room —-'801 :4- Eighth
floor —^ne/w: .-— .Fiopd — - Bulldins: -r' .opposite
"The : Emporium." — \u25a0 phone — 3343. -— Modern
Business .<—• Metliods. '• •'— \u25a0 ROOMING , -— and
APAKTMENT — Houses. — •"\u25a0 Abstract- — fur- .
nished. .Ail — • titles —guaranteed.! WE ---..do
not .-—speculate —\u25a0 in..—- houaes. \u0084\u25a0.'.\u25a0 : -. \u25a0'. .."•.'\u25a0 :- :
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0.-"\u25a0 ; PARTLY. Furnished.-
. : ''; : "-t \u25a0•:\u25a0•.\u25a0-\u25a0'\u25a0"\u25a0* i .:".-\u25a0 House: \u25a0 , \u25a0'\u25a0 ';'-.-
If.-.. ,:.:.' \u25a0•\u0084:•\u25a0;..' \u25a0 —23 rooms —
you " v.V. •''.•\u25a0 ' : 18- .furnished: rent
do .\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 -.•'. "\u25a0-.: . =.• :'\u25a0 $G0: north of Market:
not ••."•\u25a0..'; . :".' I profit -'.(now) . . $t0
see ; ..V; \u25a0.'.;.: : . ; ;.. monthly; : mahogany
in' •\u25a0 '.':•\u25a0 :.: : •; .\u25a0•\u25a0 '; -: : and oak furniture;
this . . ;:-. .; : . ..' cost $2000; owner
list •.'\u25a0'.- •;\u25a0'-'.. : leaving for Portland;
exactly '. V; v ' .will- tuke $1200; ?SCO
what • .... , . flown and $400 at 1
\u25a0you •.;.'.../.\u25a0 ' per cent; highly re-
want .. ' . :.-". :\u25a0 ".'\u25a0 epectablo; location is
please . . . — EXTRA 1 FINE —
remember ' • '. , • '— — ' \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0
we ".'•..'. .-. \u25a0. '\u25a0\u25a0' . PARTLY Furnished
• have.-'--. \u25a0: "\u25a0\u25a0•'.• - :. bouse: .
it ' . •' — SX rooms —
In/.'::. ' . • (25 furnished) near
our " • " • • ' Eddy-& Van Ness ay.
books . • . \u25a0 - — Price $1400. —
Just' .' ' • " ' Y-o-u.-tell us-?what
the - * .-":-• terms would suit you.
came. . . • : AH in 2 and 3 room
See?' apartments. Tenants
o ' take of their
* . rooms.
— 68 rooms — If
MODERN house " In • . you
\u25a0 — Al location — : will
electric elevator; elec- v. kindly
trie lights; a grand ' let
looking baywindow "us
building; ' know
splendidly furnished; ' - just
high-class, steady what
roomers. you
Rent '$370 want
Income (monthly) JSOO we
Price $5200— half cash can
and small monthly . suit
— INSTALLMENTS— .. you.
\u25a0 \u25a0 . .1 \u25a0 ' \u25a0
: - EXPERT a-p-p-r-a-l-
s-c-r-s of fine fur-
nishings say:
• "There la MORE
If i furalture and BET-
you : • . TER furniture in
do that 18-room house
not • than- in any similar
see house
what . '' . . In San Francisco,
you it is well worth
want . $2394." We offer it
: advertised . lor . $900.
please • Owner eick and anx-
remember ious to sell; half
we cofh and $20
have monthly. Rent $75.
It - Monthly profit $70.
on Highly respectable,
our East of Van | Ness
books avenue.
Just P. S.
the MARION GRIFFIN,
same. the agent]
So will gladly prove to
please you the exact truth-
ask \u0084 fulness of , every
us statement in above
for if you will cut this
it ad out and call at
his office, SCI \u25a0 James
Flood building. .
Opppcslte \u25a0 y •
- . "The Emporium."
. - . ; _____
OFFERS — . -wanted \u25a0 '
on these 10 houses
—No. I.—
—JUST LISTED—
10-room " fiat, corner
north of Market:
full of people; rent $30. If
Price $500. you
: do
— No. 2. — . , not
12 rooms south of Mar- j see
ket; cause of sale, I what
death in family; all I you
men roomer*. v j want
Price $350. i advertised
' " ! please
— \u25a0 No. 3. — j remember
15 rooms north of Mar- -• we
ket: transient; snap. have
' Price $650. it
\u25a0 : ' ' ' : '' " :: ' " ' on .
— No. 4.— 1 —^rr—nr," our;
"18 .rooms on\ Leavon- i ',-.-«' . books
worth; rent $S0; cor- I Just
ner. ..." I \u0084 .'. - \u0084 - the
.Price $SOO. f . \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0same.
. -\u25a0 1 - ; \u25a0 \u25a0 - so
— No. 5 — : . \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' ' % . please
22 rooms; 9 kitchens; ask
rent $38; south Mar- us
ket. for.
Price $400. it
— No. 6 — \u25a0 ' . If
24 rooms near Market; you
rent $36; apartments; - ... do
?l_C0 — easy terms. -. \u25a0 - not
4 • geo
'' ; — - No. 7. — ' what
23 rooms on* Powell; . you
rent $75; transient; want
$1000; will exchange. . advertised
- please
. — No. 8. — • '" "- '"".. remember
27- rooms en Golden ' we
Gate aye. - corner; rent ] have
$125; profit ?100. | it
\u25a0 Price $1600. ! ' . on
! our
— No. 9. — ; . books
35 rooms south of | just
Market; rent' $;)5 — enly > .. • \u25a0 the
$1 a room per month; I - same.
: all men. Price $1000. i So
. I i please
— No. 10. — ! .. . . ask
42 .rooms, corner on : . us
. — Biißh st. — \u25a0! - for
Rent $135; price $ISOO. I . * It.
[See - I
MARION GRIFFIN," I "
Room ' SOI, ' ' j
James Flood bldg., \ ]
070 Market st.. 1 . -
opposite "Emporium." |
' . \u25a0 • ' - T-a-k-e
— oun advice —
' and. Investigate this
If • ' . ". . f 30-room house at
you "\u25a0 once. '\u25a0
do > —It Is a —
not . New and Modern
See . ; - .. ,; . building .on sunny,
what northeast corner,
you . ; '• \u25a0' • i \u25a0 Rent only . \u25a0 ?\u25a0;'-
v/ant 1 '.-.; « $100
advertised I-lirnishlngs are beau-
ple&se . tiful, cost $3600 — .
remember , will Bhow you the
we . \u25a0 , '. "bills for the
have — same all paid. —
it PRICE (now). ..$2OOO
on .. TERMS, 1-3 down
our -and I :
books • — installments of —
Just — $20 monthly. — .
the "* r p. S. — The building
Bame. <\u25a0 \u25a0' has 14 big bay wln-
So " clows. '.The reader Is
please vlted to. call on .U3.
ask . , [ MARION BIFFIN,
us 070 Market "St.]
for • ' \u25a0 Room - Sol,]
it . . Sth floor.]
"-. James Flood bldg.
;y? Opposite --;\u25a0;
"Emporium. .
H. C. DECKER HAS REMOVED TO
'S5O MARKET st., opp. Fourth.
SEE HIM— 2OO HOUSES— ALL - BARGAINS.
V Cli ROOMS. 50 ROOMS.
NEW MODERN HOUSE. 1
'\ v Cost ?7COO. : ' ' .
•\u25a0*-" Price reduced to $3000: easy payments: clears
$300. For salo only by DECKER,: BSO Market.
35 ROOMS ; exchange for ' good < ranch ;, price
$.'iOOO. DECKER. ; BSO : Market' St., opp: : 4th.
42 ROOMS; low rent: fine investment; a sacri-
fice; $1400. DECKER, 850 . Market ' st.
14 ROOMS; owner \u25a0 sick; $200 cash; .-balance
1 terms. DECKER, 850 , Market.st., opp. 4th.
BARGAIN— 32 roome half block from Market
at.; see this; $S5O. DECKER, 850 Market st.
12 ROOMS; fine location: carpets and furniture
{ good; only .$6OO. DECKER.: Sso ! Market st. |
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MISS M. WILLE/310 Ellis st." i ' ;
Clairvoyant,, crystal, seer; can .be .consulted
,* on all affairs of life; MlssvWllle; guarantees
an honest, ; reliable, satisfactory, reading; re-
veals the past; gives correct. forecast ol.your
- future; -advises you;'- on • Important .'\u25a0 '; affaire.'
" whether^ financial, domestic, love or, business;'
: gives the secret 'how, to control, 0 charm, fas-
\u25a0clnate the,one you *lrve;-:reading,'. $l;r hours
. 10-8 p. m. ; French.' German," English ' tipoken.
; "ST.jGEORGE ORMONDE." 1007^ Market st.
. Educated j by ' Yogi Mahatmas in India ; 1 royal
1 English palmist, « Oriental clairvoyant.: master
.. of ;a mysterious, power to \u25a0\u25a0 aid • you • in \u25a0 love
\u25a0• '.troubles, ill iuck, : . spells, \ evil: influence/' fam-
ily ; disputes,-, partnerships, Xlaw ; suite; l If :dia-'
satisfied; elsewhere, -call' at once; a phenome-
• nal $5 mental reading. for 'sl.y \u25a0 \u25a0 /
A— MMEA BERNARD reads your life correctly;
> advice given on all affairs of . ; :life; satisfaction
'"guaranteed; 25c.17 3d st/.next Examiner bldg. ,
MME.'KRONENBERG, clairvoyant,^ card read-
: » er, palmist ; ; when •: others ' fail -; try ; me;« good
'; reading 25c : .no ' sign.. :. 102 % ' 6th,' ; ] nr.i Mission.*.
MISS-ZEMDAR.'ryoung gifted ,c|air. and palm.';;
t reveals ;-. hidden - secrets, ' love. s: business;*: etc ;
.' names', L. 50c. ' G." SI. -'633 'Golden Gate'ave.'
•'employ m E^^^tJ^^^
(YbU^NG^rnair^wculdMllke
• Is. chance for -'advance— .en t;_.can ,
' .do ; any tl/ing- technical -and ::praejJcat expm- -.
.:j ; 'ehce.;-:V : Box \u25a0\u25a030S^"'-Cal^-' :^ :: >V'-'" 1 * \u25a0\u25a0"-•''\u25a0'" : ""-' >\u25a0\u25a0"?\u25a0'-*'\u25a0-?
AN? educated young: gentleman destres-eroploy-
. : ment.:or : y*ome:.kina;in --store .of ' eI l«^^ :
:: salary nnt Important; best o£ references^ \u25a0Box
-\u25a0•V-S'oaT.^CallJ'r.''':''.-'-.:^-":' ..".\u25a0"\u25a0V^. r.'^:/--;'.-":-^.-^'-"-:
\u25a0 day; after pa;., m.;: moderate ages. .:•:• vox
':.[ 5C35.: ; Call: :c;'[\r .-;:\u25a0:\u25a0 .-^- :V; -""\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' '.\u25a0<>\u25a0\u25a0 <>- r :L-
POULTRYMAN— Wanted, situation " on ranch
:"; man Estate, wages; — *« b *:^ l 5 > *Sv
can Poultry Institute. Wataon.;bOX 3O«). Call.
CARPENTER' wants Jobbing or repair., work:
reasonabie. 1U Turk ay; phone Folsom — i».
GARDENER (single) who thoroughly, under-
- stands .landscape . gardening, hothouses, : o.r-
chard and vegetables.: with California expe-
" rlence and references, wishe* situation: on
private place. Box 3413. Call office. ;\u25a0 •"\u25a0
BOOKKEEPER, and bill clerk, age 26. eight
' 1 years' ' experience, : unquestionable reference.
« wishes change; salary reasonable. Box 5024.
' Call office. ; -'\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 "\u25a0 -•'-.\u25a0" \u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0"\u25a0-\u25a0•
GERMAN wlnemaker and farmer (married)
wants to take charge of a small place ,in
- the country: first-class references. S.,
650 Howard st.. basement.
SOUTH American, speaks Spanish. French,
English and German, wants work a* valet,
porter; club steward; references. DOR-
VILLE. 015 Jackson st. " \u25a0
ENGINEER and electrician wants, position to
run plant; nine years last place; .good all-
round man: satisfactory reference. Address
113 Eleventh^ aye.,. Richmond District.
MAN wishes position a- butler or porter (col-
ored); from the East;best of reference*. T.
S. TIBBS. 1013 Clay at. >
GARDENER, thoroughly competent, reliable.
- single 'German first-class" reference*, wishes
a situation. Address box 3416. CalL
YOUNG man would like work evenings: speaks
English German and Danish; good penman.
Bex 3407. Call.
PAINTER and paperhanger; have all tools.
PAINTER. 11431* Mission st.; phone -How-
• ard 2222. ' - - \u25a0 .
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer.
with 'experience desires position. Box 3283.
Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man with good references
wants position of confidential character. Box
5398. Call office.
GERMAN landscape gardener, good worker,
wants situation; run gasoline engipe. Please
address 860 Howard st.
A GERMAN couple wish positions; man a-
walter wife as cook; reasonable ;\u25a0 city or
country. Box 2920. Call. __\u25a0 •
BOOKKEEPER, expert oa collections andcor-
\u25a0 respondence. wants situation: Al references.
' Box 3357. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS barber want- work; city or
country. Address Baraer. box 3021. Call.
FIRST-CLASS lunchman wishes position.
Box 5002. Call office.
PARTIAL employment: bookkeeping, clerical,
mechanical. Addreas H. S.. 1760 Union st.
SUPERINTENDENT or foreman on ranch; 18
years' experience. Box 3018. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter wants work; 10 years'
experience as foreman. Box 8307. Call office.
GOOD barber middle-aged, wants Job In small
count! y town. Box 5365. Call.
BLACKSMITH and horseshoer wishes place on
large ranch. Box 530", Call office.
YOUNG German, steady and sober, wishes po-
sition at any kind of work. Box 2912. Call.
CARPENTER wants position In dry goods
store or -wholesale house. Box 5209. Call.
BUTLER — A • trustworthy Japanese who can
perform, excellent butler"* duties would like
nice permanent position; has credentials In
regards to his character. K. M. X.', 525 Vj
Pine st. ' \u25a0 \u25a0
UNDERSTANDING house-cleaning and plain
cooking. Japanese boy wants a position.
FRANK 2316 California St., Japanese Mis-
si onjteiephoniGeary2o67. '
A JAPANESE nice boy wishes situation to do
cooking and come housework In some family;
city or near country ..s2s up. Address S.
TANAKA. 830 Sacramento st. \
JAPANESE, flrst-clasa cook, wants position;
•experienced;, many .years; has good recorn-
_ Emendation: city or country. M. HIGASHI.
: .703 Larkin St.; phone East 67T0.
JAPANESE, thoroughly competent cook, wan ta
permanent position: $35 month. HENLY.
2316 California et. phOne'Geary 2067.
JAPANFSE schoolboy wants a position; speaks
English well." G. O.» Jap. Gospel Society. 725
\u25a0\u25a0 Geary st. •'• • \u25a0
A JAPANESE couple want positions . to do
cooking and second work in th* country or
city: wages. $45 up. • 162S Park st.. Alameda.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wishes a position as
houseworßfr; . wages $s '.week. 1617 Geary
St.; tel. West 07. \u25a0 \u25a0
JAPANESE wishes place to work at early
moT.-lifes. : NAKA.-1330 Grove st. -
CHINESE first-class cook wishes poeltlon In
; -"hotel, .private family -or '.saloon; short order
. cooking. 744 Washington St..
-; , \u25a0 . fix.vnciax. ;
REALTY Syndicate certificates.. Continental
B. and L. certificates: purchased: top cash
price: .'«<e me before selling. GEO. D.
SHADBCfIN'K JR.. Call building.
REALTY SYNDICATE CERTIFICATES pur-
cha-vdj" top prices. W. L. HARPER, Crocker
building. - - - - -
REALTY Syndicate certificates purchased at
best -market prlcca. J. C, 17 FYemont st.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— COMPLETED LIST oF HOUSES.
FLATS, aparfnent and rooming houses; our
renting deparffnent Is free .to all; we can
find you a-home In any part of ths city;
ask for no payment other than your good
\u25a0will; 'we. do not ask you to buy or even look
at the goods; use this department' freely;
you are more than "welcome.
"' CORDES FURNITURE CO.. 245-259 Geary
st. ton . the square).
STERLING ' FURNITURE . COMPANY.
Every desirable vacant dwelling la. listed. ln
our' renting department. Combined lists from
25 of the -largest agencies. Saves a world of
time, and trouble.
' Service is absolutely free.
You are not as>ked to buy or even look at
furniture. Welcome!. • • .
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANY.
1039 Market St.. opposite McAllister.
TO let — If you are looking for a vacant flat,
cottage, rooming or apartment house -'you can
find just what you wish by visiting our rent-
ing department: we have the largest com-
binedUist in the city; service absolutely free;
we do not ask you to buy. but - want your
good will. T. BRILLIANT FURNITURE
CO.. 333 to 342 Post St.. opposite the square.
SUNNY, middle, bay-window flat. 4 rooms.
$10. 14- Moss st., betw*en Sixth and Sev-
enth, off Howard. - ~
UPPER flat; 0 rooms and bath; 714 A Clemen-
tina St., bet. : Eighth and Ninth; all In first-
class order. Key at 718 Clementina st.
LAKE. 742— New 0-room flat; Mountain Lake
Park, in rear;' view of the Golden Gate and
Presidio drill grounds; rent $25.
LADY owning nice home in Western Addition
. would like, small family to take part or whole
of It; rent reasonable. , Box 4732. Call.
BUSH. ltiW, nr. Franklin— 2 elegant parlors
I ar.d six ether rooms; suitable for dressmaker,
phyßtcian, etc. H .' '
$18 — NEW flat: 5 rooms and bath. 1604 Turk
.vfet.. corner Pierce.
CLAYTON. 710. near Waller— Modern flat; «
rooms and bath: ?35.' \u25a0 \u25a0 ; .
NEW -flat, ' 5 rooms, bath; rent moderate.. 32
Tay. south of Clay, above Powell.
FILLMORE,- 2210 — 3 \u25a0 sunny rooms; sunny
.yard; $10. : : " : " .
$20— FIVE rooms, bath; lower flat; large yard.
071 Oak st.- " , \u25a0
FOR RENT— New modern flat; C rooms; $27 50
with water. F. HOLTUM, 822 Third are.
FOR rent— « rms., bath, gas; mod.; $1S; water
free. 31 Rlchland aye., west of Mission »t.
NICE sunny : flat, ' 5 rooms and bath. 1123^
_ ' Filbert : st., : near Hyde. r
I VALENCIA. 022. 'near 20th — i large eunny
:'; rooms and bath; ; rent $18." / \u25a0 - ""
FILLMORE. 621. bet. Hayes .and Fell— s3s;
' modern flats. "7 "sunny rooms. * '. -
FOURTEENTH. 134. 1 bet. Howard and Fol-
,- 'som — 5 Sunny rooms, bath, basement; $20.
ALVARADO, '41. near Twenty-second and Va-
;\u25a0 lencla — New five- room flats; rent $20.
OCTAVIA. ; 2522. nr. Union — 2 'elegant; new.
..modern, sunny flats; (S rs & bath: $25 each.
• 2 FLATS of . 4. and 5 : rooms , each and bath.
;\u25a0 'SS4 and $3G .York st.
DUBOCE \u25a0 aye.. 147. formerly 13th st. — Newly
renovated, modern 6-room flat, with" yard.
$17 «)— LOWER medern flat 4 rooms and bath.
- 1153 Turk, st., bet. Laguna and Bnrha nan.
NEW flats. ' 5 rooms, bath; rent moderate.
32-34 :Tay. south of Clay, above Powell.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 4143." near Castro— Upper
flat. new. 5 rooms and bath. $20.- ' r
3OUX. P.' SfKECKEXg : . . .^Proprietor
'•.'-' Address Communications to .; : ;
JOIXX JIcN AUG HT . . . . . i .•..Manager
W. J. J-ARrixTJTTni^iriess Manager
TELEPHONE. ;
ASk*for THS CALL. The Operator Will Con-
sect You With the Department You w.sh.
PabllcAiSen Ofaee.... Market and Third. ; S. F.
Editorial R00m5. . . . . .217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. fer .Week. 73
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies^ Cts.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage tCash Wltn
Order): \u25a0 .„ ftA
DAILY CALL <lncl_<s. Sunday). 1 V «ar...s_-W
DAILY CALL tinclud. Sunday). C tnos -4.W1
DAILY CAL_--By Plnale Mcr.th. ...-.••\u25a0 •_•;«:
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year ~j!i
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Y ? ar •••-•••_; ;..,„
«>UEIGN f|s^|i ! Year &£
POSTAGE. i^eVkjy* 100 P*T T*~" Extra
ALL POSrMASTERS AUK ACTU° MZEU
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTION >?•
£*_tpl_ Copies will be lorwarded when re-
f cuested. "'»''_ a \u25a0"
MaJI eabncrfbe-B in ordering ,«»ange °:.^x-
drees should be particular to Rive bo ii?-,ilr' _.
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt _ad ccrrtet compliance w;th tneir —
' OAKLAND OFFICE: ' .\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0'- \u25a0 \u25a0
XOI6 Broad-ay. T e :epb.»se Main 10S3
ALAMEDA OFFICE: "',»'\u25a0\u25a0 r_sj
1455 Park Street Phon« A.a-coa «w
(Near Santa Clara Ayexroe.* , :
BERKELEY OFFICE: .. \u25a0 -,
at« Center Street.. ...... Telephone Ncrth .J
: WASHINGTON CORRESPONDE NTr^
JAUES S. TYLER • Post Bm ' cm *
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS: _
V^^^U^^ Hltelf F^S^ven.. ,
Hctd cso Hoffman House. v.;.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eh€r-an liouse; I. O. News c ° : ., t^"
Northern Hotel: _*O_OM House: Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer Hfiuee.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Manjuette Building
<Lcr.g Distance Telephone. "Central -oi». /
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YOKK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
ccr_cr Market and Third streets: open until
12 o'clock «very n'.eht in the year.
ERANCiI OFFICES:
lOCS Market ctrt*t, opposite Firth; cpen until
11 p. m.
SCO Montgomery eve.; cren until 9 p. m.
COO Hayes street; open until 8:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister «trcet; cpen until 9:30 p. m .
€15 Larkin street; oren until 9:30 p. m.
mi Mission street; cpen until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
10?6 Valencia etreet; cpen until 9 pps. s m.
Nonhoast ccmrr Church and Duncan streets:
open until 9 9. m.
Z2C.O Fll!m<-r» i=iref>t: open until 9 p. ra.
TO SL T _SCRIBZ_RS LEAVING TOWN
FOR TUB SUMSIER.
CALL Hubscriberst contemplatins \u25a0 i
rLanKf of rexldeace during tbe imnmet
tnontbs can have their paper forwarded
by tnall to their new addreas by notify-
ing TBE CALL Saalness Office. This
paper v. ill also be 011 sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local
"fisrcnt fn all torrns on tbe coast.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44. F. _
end A Xl.— Called meeting THIS vV"
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at T :30 /Vl
o'clock. Third degree. %
THEO FROLICH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Loiige No. 130. F. and A. _,
M.— Tirra de.ree THIS (WEDNES- V*_ 7
DAY) KVENING at 7:^> o'clock. By /VA
order of the W. M.
R. H. McPHERSON. Secretary.
MISSICN Lodge No. ICO, F. and A. »
IM. — Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- VVf
DAY» EVENING at 7:00 o'clock. /V\
Third degree. K. E. ALLAN. Sec.
FARN.SWORTH Lodge No. 05 I. ___.
O. O. F.— lnitiatory degree Til iS
(WEDNESDAY) NIGHT. May%^i^G»3
31. Welcome Hall. Sojourning
brothers cordially invited
G. E. JOHNSON. N. G.
G. A. BT-'RMAX-, R. S.
AUt-TRIAX llllitai— and Benevolent v-A'sv-^
AESc<-iation— D! ill THIa < WEDNES- Si-.*^[
DAY) UYENING. 607 Sutter. ?@i?r
J. M. RUSSELL, Captain. **&£>*
M. RADULOXICH. First.
P. S. — Committee of previous picnic are re-
\u25a0 queried to atund the mooting of picnic cdm-
irfitw-; also sfttlement of tickets.'
MASTER Mariners' Benevolent As- -\u0084 ~-^
sociaticn — Th" regular meeting will :?£ <^*
b'-- h*>!d at __(t Golden Gate aye.. \u25a0; s "'i_>
THURSDAY KVENING. June 1. " "
All^ jnembers are requested to be present,
as cr.atters of irreat. importAac? wjil be actad
_;>on. By order of the President.
• \u25a0 L. TRAUNG. Recording Secretary.
ANNUAL Mc-minc — The regular annual meet-
. Ing cf -he ttockhcidere of ihe Bankers" In-
vestment Company wlli tie held at t^e oEflce
of tbe:ccmraj-.y at tlie M'ells Fargo Nevada
Natlt.nal Ep.r.k of San Francisco, on Wednes-
day.* June 14. iaOs. at U o'clock p. m., for
the- purpose of electing a beard of directors
to Ferve for the year an 3 the trar.sac- ,
t;on c( rach other bortsem as may come be-
\u25a0 lore tie mf+tirg'.
I. V.'. H——LMAM JR., Secretary.
THE Cilirornia Utbris CornmisEion having re-
c^i\(A £r,plicatlor.s to mine by hydraulic pro
cess fjfcra H. Lerentoo. In Lady Jane mine.
near,Vsr-er. El Dcraiio County. Cal.. draining
Into Saul!: Otter Creek, which reaches Mid-
dle Fcrk American R:v<>r: and from Truman
S. Clark, in Middle Fork and Clover Fork
Placer minf?. r.ear Downieville. Sierra Coun-
• ty. OJ.. draining ir.to tributary of Middle
Fork ol North Fork of North Yuba Kiver,
gives notice that a meeting to receive any
protects will b? bold at rocm CS. Flood build-
Ins. ':sun Frar.cieco, Cal.. June 11. 190j. at
1:30 j.. m.
A Wr.TIK'S news for 0 cer.ts— The Weekly Call,
16 rag^s. in- r.-r.-ipp^r. for mailing, fl per yr.
ATTOnXKYS-AT-LAW.
Advice free in all !epal metiers; private divorces
a epeci.ilty; quick, quiet: no pay unless divorc-.,
is granted; collections iri3(it>; partnership hill of
•ale, \vil]F, deeds, etc.. drawn. Open evenings
t>y reouett. KFtablishfd 2_ yt-irs. G. W.
HOWE, 1 1122 Market «rt.. bot. Mason & Taylor.
K. W. KING. Attorncy-at-Law. Exam, bldg.,
6th floor, entrance room 611; established _J
years; all courts, general courts ami office
I'ractice; no f^^s in idvxnce or fcr consulta-
tion; evenlngi by MTpolnttneat.' Toi. Red 3001.
ADVICE frte; legal divorce cof?ts $12; ail law
css(<s handled; no fee in advance; open Sat-
urday ev«nir.£F: other evcninjrs by appoint-
• meru: call arid r .eve money. fciU Market, r. 03.
AA — DIVORCE costs $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; all law business; no charge unless sue-
cefnful; eppn evenings. M 27 Market, room :JOl.
A A— DIVORCES cosn $12: quick, quiet; advice
Iree; all law business; no charse unless suc-
cessful. Examiner building:, room 3J6.
L.S. CLARK. '.'27 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free; 110 fc-<? in advance: optn evenlnea.
ASTHMA CUKE.
DI NOLA'S Aethma Uemedy relieves instantly
JOc. £sc. We. ICO2 Market, St. Nicholas, also
'Wjy'fcart. Tenth and Washington. Oakland.
CARPET-BEATING AXD CLEAJVIXG.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process us»d
. fcr cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air Gt r.bop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
. pretsed Air Cleaning Company. 308 Market
-t.; phene Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
eend for 6PACLD ING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama Bt. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, isua Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning. Sc. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.: phono Mission 225.
CARPETS cleen.. fit., lay. 530 G.G.ave.: phone
East 1&65. Star Ren. Co.. W. Wagner, Mgr.
CARF'ETS cleaned and laid, fee a yard. KLEIN.
EUT. 1520 Polk_st ; phone East 725.
CONKITn'S Superior Carpet Beating Works.
Golden Gate aye.' & Larkin: phone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter «t_:
tel. Main 384. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
UITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth ct. — First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
rga*on_b>. 1703 Harrison gt. : tel. Mission 2G3
LACE CCRTAiyS AXD BLANKETS.
BRANDT'S New York Curtain Hous*; most
complete plant for cleaning lace cfirtalns and
bl&ckeU. 1524 Fillmore; phone Pine 2622.
A— s2ooo: PARTNER -; wanted . : in ; general ; com-..:
mission 1 office representing :; large ; ; Eastern
-'\u25a0-. njanufacturirjg and merchandise firms;. a rare
chance for right .man. ; Call R. G. .WILKE,
": : . "O'i KWarny. st.'.; \u25a0":.-'\u25a0\u25a0,- \u25a0•.-'-'-""\u25a0-: :^-y.U-v^,'f-;J>j;.Jy
A-ifHj; paint : irh'op; : establ. 30 years ;: rent
s*i; tools, stock, .and; business. \u25a0 \u25a0'.: R. .\u25a0 G. .
; WILKK. : 26^ . Kearny gt;? :;y. :.\u25a0\u25a0-.' \u25a0\u25a0: .. \u25a0.\u25a0; .'- - A'V'rv "
"A— sluuu: saloon on Sixth st.. rent $50: well
e.--tablh.l-.Cii an-i soo.l-)>av'.ng. ,:Call : ; R. ,' G.
; WILKE. SOU-Kearny ft;-:-V;;:s^ vr:-.;-,v ":
A— S32OO; half-interest in; one of the vi best;, sa-
loons on Sixth street; : owner vis engaged in
; cthtr business, cause of' sale. v; Place « s taj>r
liehed years. This is a rare chance, bee it.
':- -G. WILKK. 26»fr : .Keojiiy Et..;:.r .. ;.. : : :;. v : --..
A— fl 100; ealoon :fi corner. ..with :clgar_ stand. .
best location oa Folsom street, in the Mis-
tion: 5 : years' lease; place : doing_ a -. good,
business. Investigate and make offer, bee
| It. G. WILKE. ti&l-i Kearny st. ; ; .:: \u25a0\u25a0;
A— flSCO: DUCK ranch with 150 laying stock;
;.'•\u25a0 S-'xi young stock ready, for market: 4 incuba-
tore: capacity U7O eses; 7 brooders. 1 horse.
harness - .sopd -..wason; 3 'acres- land; rent *}>>•
mutt be soid at once; a rare bargain, eau
R.G. WILKE. 2CU Kearny st. ".-:.
A— s4oo; HALF interest In good-paying res-
taurant on Mission ft.: rent $40; good busi-
ness: retiring partner l 0 leave the city. Call
| R, G. WILKE. 29*.? -"-'Kearny. St.
A— ?10M; OYSTER grotto and grill room; 8%
years' lease: rent $100; location the best: on
:«-adins business street: place flrst-clasa pay-
Ing. Call R. G. WILKE. 26' i Kearny st.
A— sk,2o<J: ROADHOUSE with property; place
established 30 years; fine garden with walnut
' trees: opposite the placo are factoriea em-
Vioylng 2CO men; a very sood offer, as prop-
erly actual value is much higher. See K.
G. WILKE. 26.6 Kearny Bt. " "
A—sl4ooA — $1400- SALOON with union hall upstairs;
capacity 300 people; place about % ,b, bl ° ck
trom Chronicle building: lease; rent $45. See
R. G. WILKE. 2636 Kearny at.
A— s2ooo; CORNER saloon on Larkin st.; net
rent $25; 3 years' lease; place doing a good
business and location the very best; value In
sight. Call R. O. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1100; DELICATESSEN store and home
bakery on Hayes st.; 4 living rooms; rent
$^0; a good paying place; owner sick; must
sacrifice. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— 512. C00; SALOON on Market St.; the choic-
est location: rent $175; place doing first-
class business; established many years. For
particulars, R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— sl2oo- CORNER liquor store and saloon In
the Mission; established many years; net
rent S3O; about $500 stock on hand; a gen-
uine good offer. See R. G. WILKE. 26 tf
Kearny st. . '
$200 — OYSTER house; close to Sixth st. ; rent
only $30; a good location and first-class pay-
Ing business. For particulars see R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— s2Coo; COUNTRY hotel and roadhouse. few
miles from Redwcod City; 19 rooms, bar.
dining-room, barns and beautiful grounds;
rent ?65; 5 years' lease. Call R. G. WILKE,
_6Va Kearny st.
A— ? 300; SANDWICH stand; rent $17; 2 years'
lease. For particulars Eec R. G. WILKE,
_tj^a Kearny st.
A— $1000; CORNER 6aloon with rooms; 1 block
from City Hall: transfer corner; monthly
sales about $1000; lease 5 years; the best lo-
cation and offer in this city. See R. G.
WI LKE. 26 Vfr Kearny st.
A — JlsOO — CORNER 6aloon in wholesale dis-
trict; kept by owner S years; must be cold at
one«; owner to retire from business; a first-
class paying place. Call on R. G. WILKE,
2ti^ Kearny st. \u25a0
A—sl4oo;A — $1400; RESTAURANT and oyster-house; on
Larkin et. ; rent ?5O; lease: business estab-
lished years; sickness In family of owner only
cause of sale. See R. G. WILKE, 26 £
Kearny Bt.
A—s23oo:A — $2300: MILK and dairy route across the
bay: "0 cows, 4 horses wagons- sales about
5S gallons per day. Call R. G. WILKE, 23/3
Kearnj- st.
$1100— STATIONERY, school supplies, notions,
candy, ice cream parlors, close to 2 schools;
6 roons; rent $50; 5 yeare' lease: Western
Addition. Call R. G. WILKE, 26Va Kearny.
A—s3soo;A — $3500; .WOOD, coal yard, with agency of
Union and National Ice Co.; also Shasta wa-
ter; 3 horses, 2 wagons, stock, etc.; place
established v years; situated across the bay;
a first-class business opportunity. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2ti% Kearny et.
A—sl2oo;A — $1200; CORNER saloon, with 7 furn. rooms;
rent free; place sells from 10 to 15 barrels
beer weekly; location can't be beat; sickness
of owner compels a great sacrifice. Inves-
tigate at once; a first-claes offer. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
A—SIOuO;.SALOON,A — SlOuO;. SALOON, with 2 furn. rooms; rent
$30; lease i years; place surrounded by fac-
tories and workshops; business O. K. Call
R. G. WILKE. 20^ Kearny st.
A—s2soo;A — $2500; CORNER saloon, roadhouse on trans,
fer point of different car lines: lease; nice fur-
nished rooms; must be sacrificed, as owner
is engaged in other business; actual value at
least f4OOO. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A—s24oo:A — $2400: CORNER grooery and bar; must be
sold; owner to engage in other line of busi-
ness; full value v of fine stock In sight; 414-
year leaee; location can't be beat. Call R.
G. WILKE. 23^4 Kearny st.
A—s3soo;A — $3500; WOOD, coal yard, with agency Union
and National Ice Co.. also Shasta Water; 3
horses, 2 wagons, stock, etc. ; place estab. 9
years: located across bay: first-class business
opportunity. R. G. WTLKE, 2614 Kearny st.
A— sloso; CORNER grocery and bar on Sacra-
mento St., Western Addition; o rooms; 4
yeare' lease; place established years. Call R.
G. WILKE. 'MVi Kearny st.
A— CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy Et., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
A — Wanted, first-class real estate man with
some money to' take charge of the realty de-
partment in old-established Teal-estate office,
city; must have best of reference and ex-
perience. See CAMERON &~CO.
A—$000;A — $000; first-class grocery' and family liquor
store; good location, where you can clear
$250 per month over all expenses; double the
money in Eight. CAMERON & CO.
A—sCoO:A — $C0O: chicken and pigeon ranch, across'
bay, well equipped and In working order;
only 40 minutes' ride from city.- CAMERON
& CO.
A PRACTICAL machinist and inventor wants
financial backer to patent and manufacture
an absolute necessity; a packing ring that
will not leak; can be made as cheap as any.
Address W. F. RODGERS, (526 Bryant St.,
city.
$175— WILLING man wanted as a partner in
a prcbix.-rous business with a wide awake
young man; sure to yield good wages' to
tach: no previous experience required. 032
Market.' room C.
$3000 — WHOLESALE dairy produce route,
Piofltable, Sine established trade and good
' shippers; no other opportunity like It in the
city: sr>eclal for two honest partners;- owner
retiring. Address box 3417, Call.
$800. ; $SOO. $800. $SOO.
Saloon; old-estab. cor. N. Market: elegant-
ly fitted; good stock; receipts, $18-$2O; see
this. Brookbank-Brattaln Co., f>l7 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS cigar store for sale: good loca-
tion: good business; 3-year-lease; must sell
en account of other business. ' 1007 Broad-
way, Oakland.
FOX sale — A well established wholesale and
retail liquor store; owner wishes to retire ac-
count failing health. For particular* address
box 520, Sacramento. Cal.
SALOON near City Hall; low rent: old estab-
lished: owner wants offer. RETSLOFF Bk"
SPAULDING bargain. 906 Market st.
FOR 6ale — Restaurant and delicatessen, close
to carhouse; doing good business; good prices;
sickness. Box 3028, Call office. :
?20C0 — CIGAR store In the heart of Oakland;
bargain. H. E. WEST, 1218 Broadway, Oak-
land. . . ._, .
MAN and wife wanted to manage 30Orroom
house, with privilege nt buying: six months'
trial and salary. Box 3019. Call office.
BAKER with few dollars to invest can do nood
business; no opposition. Apply 2800 Twenty-
fir*t £t. " -
$75 MONTH; steady man wanted as partner
with $300; established, genteel, business; no
night or Sunday work. Apply 235' Kearny' st.
FAWCETT & JOHNSON. James Flood bldg..
r. 811 — Real estate, bus. & personal property,
rmg-houses, bus. chances, renting, loans.
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
pood Call route In Oakland for. sale. Apply
at Call • Business Office • for particular*.
PAPER route.. Ing.' 10 Hlmmelman, bet. Pacl-
nc & Broadway. Mason & Taylor; after 3 p.m
CHEAPEST transferable saloon license In city
1007H Market gt.. room 1. -
GOCD Call route for Bale. Apply at Call of-
flce. - - - -
SMALL delicatessen and lunchroom for eale
cheap; party going to Portland. Box 3031. Ca1l
ClGAR " factory for sale. ' Apply 229 ' Fifth et.,
San Francleco.
PATENT Just granted; want capital for man-
ufacture. Box 3C27.- Call office.
FOR . isale— Restaurant and oysterhouse. 181
\u25a0 Sixth st.y between Mission and Howard." /.
GROCERY and general merchandise store for
sale. M. S.MACHADO, San Pablo,: Cal.' : "
' . . . y i_ -
[\u25a0FttATS- TO- '.-I— ST— -Contlnned.
SCOTT.-l-li— 6 sunnVrrnWJ-an'd'batb; -no objsc-
\u25a0•y'tlon '.-.; to^-children; ; thoroashty renovated; $20.
$25— -UPPER ! flat jiS.^uany- rooms. ; bath. 1321
'•'-\u25a0\u25a0;'. SacranientO'-'i'ac.V-' jeasrJono.-A --i- .;.--\u25a0 '\u25a0
tOWfiJI'-'fldC : ;4, : rooms; "rent $13. i 1323 "V7aah-
v-^ingtoov-t.^-. near. Jones.: ;.';iy:/-: :; v' ;: -
: ELEGL.\NT'fIa.t9 on Park paahaadJe.. 1837-18-13
v. Oatest.: open from 10 to 4 da»y. r r
LARGEST list 'of houses Tan- 1 flats r-tor let. Call
?oa: LYON i& KOAG. H<> Moot-ornery st
SUNNY fumia-ed fl— tj;d rbocia and oath. 433
/\u25a0•\u25a0Foart^lt-.iti^'^'^".'^'''--'''"^''''^ -\u25a0\u25a0'•' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0: ; \u25a0'\u25a0
i THlltD.lT— Upper, tot - t \u25a0 1 "' :
i nlshedj. for rent, or fIU -eUr'JQ^ rent. v --\u25a0..\u25a0
F_ATS FOtt ; SAl^^yiTßJtlSmSp.
FOR sale-^Flat. " g reams." '830;: Geary tat.
NICELY furnished i-room flat; piano; rent $40.
I 13jI1 Geary st. -. - - •\u25a0.-'.• •:''.\u25a0.•\u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0-\u25a0"' -'\u25a0 \u25a0T - _; .;
: - FTTRNITUnE FOIt. SAI-E-' -^
! AN entire set of new furniture tor •_•, ta-
eluding piano, parlor. . dining--—*—, and bed- ,
rooaitet. rug*, china catlnet. kitchen, ,_ten-
•ll* etc.: leaving city: desire auic4:*ale} no
second-hand dealers wanted- A. &..CARTEK,
McnUcello Apartment. H7l Saoramento >t.
NEW furniture for sale: leavlnjTCltytP^*.
_ o^e^r.? t A^V M CA^_Rr ISua1 Sua
\u25a0 Apartment*. 147 A Sacramento »t. - \u25a0 \u25a0 .
ALMOST gf»en away: unredeemed storage pl-
ano-" - turn. Whltehead" c Storage. 1638 -Tfct.
yrrßyru lll2 ~r anted-, *-.>
"WE'L_ GET YOUR BU3IXES3"— W* pay
. the ~o*t money for furniture, carp-tx of flo-
fittings m*rchand}»e and house*. MARK J.
LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market rt.. be-
tween Cth and 10th. Phone South 179.
HENRY MAYER pay* highest price* for fur-
nlture. carpets, etc. 752 MlsalottUeLßuatt 313.
Z. ABE LEVY. 11C3 Market St.. pnoae. J*»*l*
7CI. pays cash and buy* everything.
HELP TV ANTED — y__tAJLE»
COOK; Menlo Park. «co lady city. ...... ..530
Cook, second girl, same house. MenIo:»3O-|25
' Cook, small cafe. city.:...... r...".~»
Stewardess for clubhouse ...... ! ....gO
Parlormaid and waitress. Saa Anaelmo. .520
Chambermaid, and »«a— stress, country. . . J2s
3 housework girls. Berkeley... $23-s«>O
Clea&lns woman, wait on nurses, ho*pl-
tg_ J i..;.....-..*- 5
Man and wife for ranch ...'.-..^.j. .$3O
2 nu— «glris. city ......520-£.o
Housework for Grass Valley.-. .« w«
Cook en a ranch .523
40 general housework girls, city ana coun-
try. J2O-$25-S3O; call to-day. . .
J. F, CROSETT & CO.. 33* Suttar. at.
GIRL 3 to learn halrdresslng. manicuring, mas-
eage etc.. from A to Z In S week*; tuition
$3 to those entering now; 7 positions guar-
anteed at $10 per week up; day and evening
\u25a0 class. College. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
WANTED— GirIs to learn millinery trade for-
fall- 2 season* from *tart to finish in l
month for $13: positions guaranteed |13 week
up- S positions to be filled at once; day and
. eve, class. School. 143 Stockton St.. room 13.
PACIFIC Halrdre«tng School: whole- trade,
manicuring, massage; positions *1O a week
up; day and evening classes. 133 Po— ell »t-
WANTED — Halrdreeslng student*: hainlrea*-
lng, manicuring, facial massage, scalp treat-
ments dermatology electrolysis and chirop-
ody taught at MoJer** College; new location.
405 Powell, near Poet; the most thoroughly
complete college west of Chicago: special
terms now. MISS JESSIE MACDOJJALD.
Instructor. \u25a0• - \u25a0' \u25a0- <\u25a0
WANTED— "We— tea and girl* to register for
canning reason, beginning about Jun» 13:
experienced canners also w anted. Apply
California Canneries Company. Bra_r.«n it..
bet. 3d and 4th. or 203 California, cor. Front.
WANTED— Experienced aaloalady for chil-
dren's furnishing*, hat* ac_ cap*. Apply -^
Wednesday morning. S. N. WOOD — CO..
740 Market gt.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coat* wanted; good
pay and steady work; none but experienced
hands need apply. 3. N. WOOD — CO,. 49
Geary st. - -\u25a0 ' "-- : \u25a0 '\u25a0
WANTED — Coat finisher*: only experienced
help need apply. 3. N. WOOD _ CO., 49
Geary at.-. \ ':
COAT finisher wanted: one that ia'a_e to mak»
buttonholea. S. N. WOOD - CO.. 49 Geary.
15 CHORUS girls to work In itock; high-craa*
"theaters: steady work. Apply at ARCHIE
LEVY'S booking agency. 107 Eddy *t.. San
Francisco, on Thursday, bet. 11 and 12
o'clock. -
A MODEL for ladles' - cloak* and BUits; must
be a perfect 36. D. M. DAVIDSON - CO..
62- First at.- .
CHILDREN (girls) for staging and dancing
engagement. \u25a0 Apply this week ' 110* . Fraak-
- lln at. . '
MILLINERY taught In 1 month for 113; posi-
tions guar.; «ye. school only. 233 Geary, r. 13
AA — OPERATORS on ladles' wash •kirts. 639
Mission St.. third floor. \u25a0* -
A A— OPERATORS on ladles' w_i«t». KA
Mission St.. third floor.
AA — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear. 638
Mission st.. third floor.
AA-IROXER3 wanted. 656 Mission at. third
floor.
GIRL -wanted for • light ofQco work: \u25a0•" refer-
ences. CaJ. Baking Co., Eddy and Fillmore.'
WANTED — Girl for general housework and
cooking; no washing. 24 Rlnggold *t.
WAXTED — SCO ladies to buy ' sample - suits.
Jackets, % coats and skirts; latest patterns,
regardless of cost. ROYAL .CLOAK AND
SUIT CO.. 123-129 Union Bquare ay*.. bet.
Grant aye. and Stockton st and Geary and
Tost. .\u25a0•\u25a0'.- t.
SEWING machine operators on overalls; no ex-
perience necessary. LEVI STRAUSS" & CO..
32','i Fremont st. MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — Young women, to learn telephone
operating: reference* required. Apply 213
Bush «t.. third floor, after 0 a. m. ;. ,fW»
MIDDLE-AGED woman; cook and light house-
work. 620 Clay st.; upstair*. - '
EDUCATED elderly German lady as children's
nurse; state religion, salary, etc. 3377. Call.
GOOD pay doing fancy work at home, 1344
Market, opp. Seventh: hour* 9to 3. ,
WANTED — Women to help In barber, ahop at
630 Commercial . St. . .'• ;- - - \u25a0
BAllBERS— Employ— lent and Sappllf*.
BARBER shop, together with 2 valuable lots.
In Point Richmond.- can be bought at a bar-
galn. Inquire at STOLTZ'3. 723 Market- at.
FIRST-CLASS barber; . Wednesday. - Saturday
and Sunday. 817 Laguna »C . ___ "
WANTED — A good barber; steady. 143 Lar-
kln st. - .- ' «' '-
BARBER shop, running 2 chairs steady: West-
ern Addition; good stand. STOLTZ. .723
Market st. \u25a0 -- '.
BARBER wanted evening*. Saturday noon and
Sunday; good, steady man. 1393 Harri»:n.
BARBER shop. 2 chairs -running; Castro St.;
owner running restaurant, must sell; m. bar-
gain. Apply to STOLTZ. 723 . Market Bt. -
: GOOD paying barber shop for sale at a bar-
gain. ICO7U Market st. . . '
BARBER shop, very central, running Z chairs,
soon run 3 chairs;' reasonable rent? good
lease. STOLTZ.- 723 Market st. ...'.
BARBER shop for sale; "will stand Investiga-
tion. Address box 3415. Call.' \u25a0
HELP WASTED- -31 Al— _
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREJAC,
642 Commercial at. Phone Bujh- 533.
Special, great ; electric ; power syndicate-,
north, to build a two-mile . tunnel . and a
3.0C0.CC0.0C0 gallon dam: -3 machine men. S
hours, $90; 3 muckers, $87 90; 15 • laborers,
that's you. $-15 found; 3 grave t miners, $73;
. 3 muckers. $67 50; rigger. "to »et (derricks.
$30; 2 rigger'*. helpers. $67 20; two- years'
1 Job. company work. > --mHMrtqMiiaMHMMI
FARE REFUNDED. FARE REFUNDED.
Sawmill*.' woods, etc.; 8 lumber pHers. $43
found; 10' Swede lumber pliers. $2 50; 13 la-
bcrers. mill. - $00: 25 laborers, yard, • $40* fd ;
I night • watchman.- sawmill, $30- to $35 fd; 20
tlemakers: cook and helper, email mine. $70
fd; cook, 550 M: cook, 3 men,- S?,o fd: 3 car-
-:penters. city, S. hours, $4; 5 hand miners. $73:
''head milker, dairy; farmer, orange grove,. s3o
•\u25a0-fd; 327 farmers. . choremen, laborers, milkers.
v teamsters, haymakers. $30 to $45 fd: shingU*
Jointer. $40 and fcund. •
ATHORD4 SMITH'S.-74i Mission *t...nr..S_
SHIP TO-DAY TO HA2EN. NEV. OTre© fare.
Free f*re. Teamsters. . Free fare.
. . Camp blacksmith. $3 city. • steady - work.
Blacksmith. Sonoma CbtR.R. wx>rk,s3,st««dy.
'Man who can;nse a scythe. : $2, fare 13c^
-Laborers and- teamsters >. -Amador County.
; Laborers. Butte. Solano Sonoma : counties.
Scraper teamster, city. *$2 25. steady work.
WANTED— Portar. 31 Fifth «C; call between
11 an 4 2Continued on Paze Fourteen.
13
- \u25a0 1 - *\u25a0-\u25a0 - - - '
-....-.>\u25a0 „* \u25a0 _.--\u25a0\u25a0 . **. \u25a0 . \u25a0 • -.-. -..--':
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIv WEDNESDAY, MAY 31. 1905.
HELP WAXTED — MALE — Continued.
AT RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
002 clay et.. cor. Montgomery— Phone James
U. S. GOV'T WORK— NEVADA STATE.
Half rate fare. $S
Fare refunded In 30 days
50 teamsters $2 23 a day
40 laborers $2 25 a day
Ship to-day And Join the crowd
NEW WORK— YUBA COUNTY.
lO^men. steam shovel $2 25 a daj
! 20 pick and shovel men $2 25 a day
BIG LUMBER CO— SHASTA COUNTY.'
20 lumber pliers $_ 60 a day
lo railroad laborers $2 25 a day
10 section hands * $2 a day
3 woodsmen $»50 month
! Cutorx sawyer, box lumber 26c haur
\ Logtruck loader ....$75 month
6 sawmill laborers $2 to $2 50 a day
MINING.
4 quartz miners, Oregon $2 75 a day
C single-hand miners Shasta.. s2 day and fd
MISCELLANEOUS.
10 hay hands, you will d0..5l 50 day and fd
4 ranch hands ...;... $1 25 a day and, found
Milkers $35 to $40 month end' found
Cheesemaker $40 month and four.d
Harness-maker, country Ehcp.. .$2 75 a day
Blacksmith, no shoeing $3 50 a day
Buggy washer, country town.. s2s mo. and fd
Hotel cook. Shasta County.. sso mo. and fd
10 Greeks to cut wood $1 50 cord
Blacksmith for ranch. ..$45 mo. and found
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS'
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
635 Washington st. Phone James 3301.
FACTORY WORK— NEAR CITY. -
15 laborers. $60; steady work.
NEVADA.
Ship dally. Government ditch. $67 50; fee $1.
\u2666 MENDOCINO COUNTY.
Laborers, mill and yard work, $35 and found;
boss here.
BUTTE COUNTY.
Ship to-night, $67 50: special cheap fare.
SISKIYOU COUNTY.
Laborers and teamsters. $67 50.
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
55 laborers, steady work, $60; 10c fare. „
SHASTA COUNTY.
Lumber pliers. $45 found; long Job.
CITY WORK.
Teamsters, trading camp, $2 25 day.
Teamsters, near 1 city. 10c fare, $2 25 day.
Blacksmith. •» 15c fare, S3 day; carpenters,
near city, $3 50 day; boy. wnolesale hftuse,
city; boys, learn trade, $<5 week; milker?,
$30 to $40 found; haymakers. 10c fare.
$1 60 day found; cooks, waiters, and dlsh-
washers. „
TWO shine. ers and 2 lathers for country, see
employer in city; 2 can washers. $40 and
found: 2 ranch blacksmiths. $45 and $50
and found; 2 Jobbmg blacksmiths and
shoers. $3 day; married blacksmith. $3 day;
harness-maker. $2 50 day; woodsmen. $40
to $50 month and found; screw turner for
mill. $50 and found: gang edgerman, $75
and found; boy fcr bootblack stand, $1 day;
teamsters $50 and found: farmers; milkers;
choremen- and others. J. F. CROSETT. &
CO.. CSS Sacramento st.
STEWARD and wife as waitress. $45; club
porter. $35 and found: hotel porter, $20 and
found; 2 waiters. $25 and found; cooks and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sac-
ramento st.
ANDRES office 317 Stockton st. — A cook and
wife for summer resort, Santa Cruz Moun-
tains. $75. and kitchen hand. ?25. same place.
ACTIVE, educated men to sell the New Inter-
national Encyclopedia in California: people
are Interested and a man who undarstands
the business or willing to learn, can make
big money. Call or address DODD. MEAD
& CO.. 501 Parrott building. San Francisco.
BOY wanted In wholesale house; chaace for
advancement. ALEXANDER & DANZIGER.
20 SariFome st. • \
DAIRYMAN; must be experienced with stock
and a gocd milker. G. G. WICKSON, 34
Main st.. San Francisco. . f
WANTED — Thise laborers: pick and shovel.
14th aye. and N tt.: t'ke S. Kentucky-st. car.
DISHWASHER wanted; no Sunday work. 506
Howard st.
WANTED— A night dishwasher. 612 Kearny.
Clark's bf.kerr.
I DISHWASHER wanted. 52S Fourth st.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; I teach
you free and pay you while learning: I have
the only correct method of teaching. The
Branch, 751 Mission st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Men to fill Custom-house positions;
only cne week more to enroll and fill ap-
plications. Free particulars. Pacific Corre-
spondence Institute. Grant bldg.. 1C95 Market
WANTED — Men over 20 to prepare, at once,
fcr Custom-house positions; examination in
July: particulars fre*. Pacific Correspondence
Institute. Grant bldg.. 1095 Market st. .
WANTED— 'Men to learn the .barber trade;
eteady practice: expert instructors. 'Call or
write for terms. Oilman's College. 627 Clay. :
WANTED— Men to fill 300 rooms at 20c ocr
night: clcthes closets, hair mattresses.- elec-
tric light In every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
SIXTH. 132 {The Nevada)— Has changed hands
and newly renovated rooms for $1 50 to $5
per week. " ' :
TRY our men's sh»es, unlcn made. $1 and $1 50
pair: foot-form shoes. $2 50; we pay express
chargf*. 11 3d St.. Exam, bldg.: open till 9 pm.
BOY wanted in tin shop. Apply 533 Mission
street.
BOOTBLACK wanted for the country; wages
$18. 124 Montgomery aye. ' : .
SIDE line, gloves; for right man several routes
. (on commission). Box 3025. Call. \u25a0
WANTED — Boy for shipping office. Address
In own handwriting. Box 3026, Call.
WANTED — Gas fitter. 533 Mission st.
GILLETTS Barber School; best and cheapest;
write for t*rmt. 630 Commercial st-. S. F.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School. 741 A Howard.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Et€uart st.
PENSION atty., E. A. BulUs, r. 40. Phelan bid.
- Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 49 2d St., r. 522.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 11 Third st.. Examiner building.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c nfght; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor.Duncan and Church sts.
SOLICITORS WAXTED.
WANTED — Organizer of good address and ex-
ecutive ability: capable of earning $1800 per
year. 224 Parrott bldg.. bet. 3 and sp. m.
HORSES AJfD WAGONS.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College next session
will begin July 17; catalogue" free. DR. E. J.
CREELY. president. 610 Golden Gate aye.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
MUST be sold to make room; buggies, surreys,
wagons.' 100 Golden Gate aye.
THE balance of the stock of tbe Bull's Head
Repository can be seen at 426 Valencia at.
ONE fine top wagon; good for camping; $60.
1504 Folsom st. '..
FINE young horse: suitable for doctor or
business man. 1506 Folsom St.
ALL kinds of business wagons, buggies, sur-
reys and harness at a bargain. 1503 Folsom.
FOR sale — 3 second-hand trucks, 1 single
truck. 1 5-ton goose-neck truck. . 233 Beale.
HARNESS and raddles. Felling out at cost: "no
fake." 110 Market rt.. near ferry.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and
gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
NEW baker's wagoiv latest style; one laundry
wagon and buggy cheap. 628 Harrison st.
NEW and second-hand wagons sold cheap. 1680
Mission «t., near Thirteenth.
A WEEK'H r.-ws for 5 cent*— Tbe Weekly Call.
1« pages. In wrapper, fcr mailing. $1 per year.
A PRINTED list of houses to*letTsend f pr^clr^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
FILBERT. 327— House to let.
HOUSES FURNISHED— FOR SALE.
SUNNY 10-rm. house, newly, decorated; clean,
well furn.; clears $40 over rent.. 303 Jones.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms, $75; rent $12.' 32
Clinton Park, near Valencia and 14th sts.
COTTAfiES TO I'ET.
FOR rent — Cottage ' of 3 rooms; large pantry
and batl>. at the beach; Just finished; rent
reasonable; op;n •\u25a0 to-day. 1271 Fcrty-sixth
I aye., between H and I sts.; within half a
block of street cars.
$30 — PARTLY furnished cottage: fi rooms and
bath. 310 Noe St.: call between 11 and 2.';
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
GRAND OPENING SALE
OF WAKEFIELD TRACT.
THE - FINEST PROPERTY IN ALAMEDA
COUNTY.
SALE ON GROUNDS SATURDAY. JUNE 3.
POSTPONED FROM LAST SATURDAY
OWING TO THE INCLEMENT WEATHER.
Tha inclement weather of last Saturday
caused the postponement of I the grand auction
Of 135 lots on the famous Wakefield Tract In
East Oakland until next Saturday, June 3^ »
The Wakefleld Tract i 3 the most beautiful
piece of ' residential . property in Alameda
County. It is bounded by 21st and 23d ayes..
East 24th and East 27th sts., and ia in every
respect an ideal location for a home.
The entire tract is sewered, each lot has a
cement sidewalk, every street Is macadamized,
guttered and, curbed and the new schedule of
the Southern Pacific which goes into opera-
tion on the first of June brings this splendid
property within 28 minutes' ride of San Fran-
cisco, with a 20 minutes' service and boats up
to 1:30 a. m.
The . property is within 10 minutes' walk of
23d-ave. Southern Pacific station, at which 129
trains arrive every day. It is only 8 minutes
to California College and only six blocks to
Garfleld School. No better Investment for a
yhome could possibly be desired,
v Strict \u25a0 building restrictions will thoroughly
protect the property — no saloons will be al-
lowed and there Is no more desirable home site
on the bay shore. : : .
Investigate this for yourself — go over and
see the lots and then attend tha auction next
Saturday. June 3. Terma will be one-Q,uarter
cash, balanoe one, two and three years.
For further particulars sea
O. H. L'MBSEN & CO..
20 MONTGOMERY ST.,
\u25a0 San \u25a0 Francisco. .
j ______
PRESIDIO TERRACE.
PRESIDIO TERRACE.
PRESIDIO TERRACE.
FIRST AVENUE*
ADJOINING THE PRESIDIO
RESERVATION.
SUNNY EXPOSURE.
PERFECT DRAINAGE. „
PANORAMIC VIEW
OF GOLDEN GATE PARK AND OCEAN.
i := -.-
NOW OPEN FOB INSPECTION.
PRICES REASONABLE.
TERMS TO SUIT.
AND ONLY
RESIDENCE PARK
% IN SAN FRANCISCO.
BEND FOR ILLUSTRATED FOLDER.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 POST STREET.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK & OCEAN-
, gIDE lo^.
Consult us first!! -None can beat us!!
Our choice lots will positively suit you!
$1000 to $1350— Fronting Ocean and Boule-
vard: graded on high elevation; unobstructed
view; easy terms.
$125 to $500 — Cheapest lots In this city, near
Park and Ocean; your choice In new blocks;
Installments.
$450 to $1200 — Graded - lots In Sunset and
Richmond Districts: choicest locations, near
Park. Spreckels Lake; Superb and unexcelled
home sites on easy terms.
Oceanside Branch Office Cor. H rt. and
Forty-seventh aye.
OPEN DAILY AND SUNDAY.
$150 to $450— Level Excelsior Homestead lota,
near Mission st. carsr $3 monthly. -
$1500 to $3500 — Modern cottages In Sunset.
Richmond, Oceanside and Excelsior Home-.
stead; all bargains; easy terms.
SOL. GETZ & Eon, Owners and Dealers.
Room 54. Fourth floor. Chronicle Bids.
BUY ONE BEFORE^" ~ "
< -i, -.• THF.T ADVANCE IN PRICE.
* $1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXE3.
$225 for choice lots. Exce!sier Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; one grade; closa
to school and Mlsalcn-st. electric cars; bound
to double in value.
$400 each on Installments! of $lo per month;
no taxes; fine lots; near Ocean boulevard; best
residence location south cf Golden Gate Park;
, thesa are the cheapest lota In this district;
advancing in price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE. /
26 Montgomery st., r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
$9500— BARGAIN: 2 fine houses and big lot:
choice location: near Jones st.
$SsoO— Offer wanted; marine view house. 8
rooms; Vallejo st.. near Octavia: sun all day.
SCCOO — Cheap: Baker, near California; com-
fortable residence. 8 roams ' etc., in fine con-
dition.
H. E. POEHLMAN. 304 Montgomery st.
$ISOO — ALMOST new cottage. 5 rooms and
bath;. lot 50x114: chicken-house; $500 down,
balance same as rent. 534.. Valley st.. near
Twenty-ninth and Castro.
FREE — Our booklet on plumbing: write AHL-
BACH & MATER, plumbers. S3(t Howard at.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
AN Ideal spot for a home. We are selling lots
right at the station In charming Mill Valley,
covered with beautiful trees, running back
to a pretty brook, for 4C50. We have others
not quite sc desirably situated as low as'
$300. Very easy terms; 10 per cent cash.
\u25a0 $10 monthly. Can you imagine such a de-
cided change within 45 minutes from the
- city? On account of all tnese attractions we
have sold 163 lots; only a few left, so get In
and buy now. Agent on the ground Sunday.
LYON & HOAG, lltf Montgomery st.
FOR rent — Months of June and July, furnished
- house. 8 rooms; all modern improvements; 12
minutes " from depot. Apply LOUIS L.
JANES. 224 Kohl building.
BURLINGA3IE REAL ESTATE.
j WHY NOT BUY THE BE3T? "
Our Burllngame Tract, with Its beautiful
roada lired with shade trees and its jrr.any
attractive homes, commends itself to tho*«
who are seeking a delighful spot for a home
at a moderate price. This property lies within
a few minutes' walk of the station; the roads
are . all sewered and water mains laid; no
saloons or objectionable buildings of any char-
acter allowed; prices range from $500 for a
let 50x150, and upwards; $100 cash. balance
monthly: 112 lots hay« been sold In a short
time. LYON fc- HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
SAN MATEO REAL ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK.
On ' line of - San Mateo electric cars.
45 minutes from Fifth and Market streets.
Lots $400— AND UPWARD.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$10 DOWN AND ?10 PER MONTH.
7 - ~. GO DOWN AND INVESTIGATE.
SELBY. RODGERS & CO..
116 California st. Phone Main 673.
; nr. \u25a0 - =
PROPERTY WANTED.
I . - , — _— : — : — , — . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
LET us submit, your property to our clients;
we have buyers for city real estate ranglns
. from $2500 , to $250,000. Call at our offices
or drop us a line stating where our repre-
sentativea can sac you. -
S. W. CROZIER COMPANY.
230 Crocker bldg. Phone Main 554.
WANTED — Improved . corner; store and flaw;
not over $20. COO: no agents. Box 0030. Call.
REAL ESTATE— COUXTRY— For Snip.
CHAPMAN PARK^-Corte Maderm.
- Don't" buy. till you see this splendid tract;
sightly villa lots," half acre and upwards:
superb \ lew or mountain and bay; sheltered
from high winds; pure spring water, sewers,
electric lights, .*tc: 10 minutes'walk to cars;
very low ' prices; \u25a0 terms easy.
x See this tract to-day; take Sausalito ferry
knd electric cars to Corte • Madera ; only 45
minutes from San Francisco; we will bulM j
bungalow er : cottage -to suit you; plats and
price list on application.
CHAS. F. O'BRIEN & CO.. 30 Montgomery st.
MAYBELL TRACT L _
\u25a0'_•;.." — MAYBELL TRACT.
..Near Mayfleld and Palo Alto, close to Stan-
ford University; beautiful villa lots, _- to 5 -
acres each: planted in choice orchard and vine,
yard 2 years old; only $"00 per, acre, one-third
cash. " ' Go •• to • see ; them . to-day. Take " trains
Third • and .Towneend almost every hour during
tbe day. Agents V there \u25a0to drive you to the
tract.' CHATFIELD & VINZENT. 223 Mont-
gomery st.. S. "F., or J. J. MORRIS & CO..
Palo Alto. x
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY — For S»U.
WsHITE & BAYLET.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
DON'T BE A SLAVE.
Grinding away on a small salary, making
money for a greedy employer or some con-
scienceless corporation; buy a little home la
the country and raise your family ia health
and independence: we have choice little home*
suitable for fruit, alfalfa or poultry ca easy
terma; investigate now.
$*J6O— Garden loam. 8 acres, close to electrlo
cars, above Petaluma; fine corn and - potato
land: only half caah.
$3u0 — 32 acres, near SL Helena: 2O flna soil
under cultivation; water piped to buildings; 4-
room cottage; cellar; good barn; snap. '.
$1900— Near Watsonvllle; 1 mile station: IS
acres; 10 acres in apples; 2 acres berries: I
acre alfalfa;- balance hay; new houao an 4
barn: farming tools.
$1650—10 acres, near electric can, Sonoma
County; fine sandy loam; 7 acres grapes; rural
delivery; only $400 down.
$165o — Close to Sonoma dry: t acres dark
level loam; orchard; new hard finished cot-
tage; nice barn, windmill and tank; cement
cellar; poultry and brooder houses; 400 layis*
hens. 175 pullete; we have cozy littla homes
arcund Sonoma City on easy terms; let us
drive you out to inspect them.
$19c>o— On electric tine, near Sebaatopol; 10
acres sandy loam la vines and berries; only
$500 down.
$3000—10 acres rich loam toll, near Ptnn-
grove. Sonoma County; 0 acres bearing orchard,
mostly apples; fiae well, cottage. Urga barn;
fine poultry and brooder houses; 600 chickens:
farming too 'a; fine income home; other thole*
homes In this locality; let us show you around.
$150 per acre, close to Sebaatopol and Luther
Burbank'a famous place; only 7 miles city of
Santa Rosa; 10 and 20 acre tracts of pur*
sandy loam, planted to fruit and berries;
rural delivery; few blocks electric cars; only
one-third cash, balance lons as desired.
$5500— Dairy and stock ranch tn Upper Nap«
Valley of 350 acres: 3 miles town; 30 aerea
bearing orchard; some grapes; 5- room house: S
large barns; horses. 20 head cattle, wagons,
farming tools: rolling land.
$3800— On county road. 9 miles of Mountain
View; ISQ acres. 130 tillable; Cn« oak Umber t
large springs; half cash.
ALFALFA AND BTUHT LAND.
We are subdividing In 10 and 20 aer« tracts
fine black candy loam land near Lodl: from
$00 to $S3 per acre; some 2 miles of town and
some on the Woodbridg* canal.
$30 per acre — Alfalfa land; rich sandy loam:
In small tracts; all under ditch; 3 miles of
Ripon; 17 miles south of Stockton; near cream-
ery, school, church and warehouses; cream
shipped dally to San Francisco: half cash.
$3t> per acre — 1000 acres sandy loam, on*
mile of fine R. R. town. 125 miles city; per-
fectly level with Irrigation ditch through land:
part cash; party buying and subdividing will
make a fortune.
$10,000— Close to High School In beautiful
town of Oatdale; 20 acres rich sandy loam:
12 acres apricots; 3 acres cherries; 5 acres
peaches, family orchard; new pumping plant;
elegant modern residence of 9 rooms, porcelain
bath, clothes and china closets; hardwooil
mantels, etc.; Income $1500 per year: this up-
to-date home might consider first-class bay
property in exchange.
TITLES GUARANTEED.
$3000— Fine water plant, supplying; town 3
miles away; In Santa Clara County; large r"s-
ervpirs, mains and pipes, together with 97
acres farming land: clearing 1 per cent per
I month on price asked; misht consider ex-
I change.
$5500 — Only 1 mils of Haywards: 37 acres
fine land; 4 acres bearing orchard; modern
hcuse. 6 rooms and bath; lines t barn tn cuun-
ty. alone cost $4t*iO: fine view; this is th« best
buy in tha vicinity: part cash.
$7875 — On Ainiaden aye.. south of San Jos«:
35 acres mostly level, nearly all in bearing
orchard: good 7- room r?sldence; stable; drying
plant: farming tools: half cash.
$lsoO — 3 acres. 3 miles Haywards; 3CO trait
trees, mostly apricots; cozy house, barn. wind>
Kill; running water; plenty wood; close school.
$5750 — Island land, near Stockton, on P.. R. ;
ditch; fre* water; finest bean, potato, alfalfa
and onion land; rented $11 an acre; tenant*
will lease 5 years; house, barn. etc.
Send stamp tor the largest and most diversi-
fied printed list en the coast.
WHITE & BAYLET.
Successors to «
TV. J. WHITE.
26 Motngomery St.. room 9.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
J900— 225 ACRES on the Grass Valley road. 10
miles north of Auburn; good rolling land:
lots cf wood; can be cultivated; over ona
mile en Bear River; see pnotos at our of flee:
» must be soM thla week: cost $15C0; rents for
$60 year. JAS. S. NAISMITH. o^Tner. ICS«
Washington St.. Oakland. -
$t£CO — 6 COTTAGES, actually less than cost;
3 special bargains In acre tracts; other Rosa
Valley properties for sale and rent; to lease.
- 2 new stores and S-roorn flat. J. E. LEWI3.
Kectfield. Cal. .
FREE— BEST CATALOGUE OF POULTRY.
FRUIT. ALFALFA. DAIRY AND STOCK
RANCHES. BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Mont-
gomery at.. San Francisco. Cal.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERSJ
Eend postal for catalogue of the best land
bargains In California. C M. WOOSTER
CO.. 64S Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ALAMEBA ADYERT'S^M'TS
ALA3IEP A REAL ESTATE
9-r.OOM, 2-story, modern: large yard, fruit
trees, flowers, etc. : 3 minutes from Morton,
station. Apply F. H. FOOTE. 123 California.
ALAMEDA FVR.MSIIEO HOUSES.
FURNISHED hcuse: 7 rocms; en beach: terms
low to good tenant. Apply on premises^ 2020
Clinton aye.
BERKELEF ADVEKTS'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW 6-rocm house, bath, pantry, foldln-
doors. mantel, tiled sink, tinted walls^ decor-
ated ceilings, hut and cold water, "gas and
electric light. , cement walks, large lot, ti
blocks to Key Route Station, school, church
and stores; price $2500; terms $300 cash, bal-
ance $25 monthly; open Sundays. O. A.
RUDOLPH. Lorin Station. South Berkeley.
ALMOST new cottage. 5 rooms and bath. g33
and electric lights, city water, street work
dene; price $25C0; terms $200 cash, balance
$25 monthly.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Lorin Station, South Perkeley.
Open Sundays. "»
BERKELEY FLUMMIKD HOUSES.
FURNISHED house, 7 rooms and bata, with
piano, garden; lot 50x100; close to Key Route
and S. P. stations; school, church and stores;
rent $40 a month; open Sundays. O. A.
RUDOLPH. Lorin Station. South Berkeley.
BERKELEY HOUSES WAXTED.
HOUSE wanted — I wish to purchase an 8 to
10 room bouse east of Dana st.. between
Bancroft way and Stuart st.. at $4000 to
$6Cm>. with full sized lot. for cash. M.
MILLER. 1432 Wlllard St., S. F.
BERKELEY APARTMENTS.
IN Berkeley — 2. 3 an<l 4 room apartments; new
buildins: modern; newly furnished. Bancroft
way and Telegraph aye. ; near university.
OAKLAND ADYEBryarTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
WILLIAMS & PARSONS.
Real Estate and Insurance
91S BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
BUSINESS PROPERTY— We have several
decirabla pieces of close-in business- property
for sale, on Franklin. Clay, Webster and
cruss streets. Can offer these holdings at less
than prevailing prices, thus making them good
1 Investment propositions. One piece on an im-
portant corner is especially deserving of at-
tention. . isSJSS
MANUFACTURING SITES— We have soms
good offerings In this Hne. Can sell certain
picperties outright at a bargain, or can otter
other properties on long-term leases.
HOMES ON INSTALLMENTS— For $100 to
$250 down and monthly payments 1%9 rent
we can sell homes In various parts of Oakland,
clcse to Key roKte and S. P. ferry linea Tb/»
prices of these ready-built homes vary from
12250 to >::<»»>. They are new and choice.
Will build homes to suit buyers on their own
plans and take pay .by Installments.
CHEAP PLACES — We have some places at
513C0. $1400. 11550. $1700. SltXjO. etc. Atl good
value 'for th» money. Call -and s«e u» if you
want a home In Oakland. -
WILLIAMS & PARSONS.
; . ' " 91S BROADWAY.
': WILLIAM M. BUTTERS JR.. '
' - 46s Eleventh Street. Oakland.
— Large lot: near Fourth avenue car line:
- best locality In East Oakland; one lot only
- at this price; $U} dowc; 10 per month; In-
terest 6 i'«*r cent; small barn on the kit; see
owner JvStfMSBfIBSftHMMXtfGWtCmfIP^G—S&A—CS
WILLIAM M. BUTTERS JR..
4&s Eleventh Street. Oakland.
I HE IS G-R-A-T-E-F-U-L:
"REXRADIO'S" first treatment overcame my
cripplintr PARALYSIS instantly; I RAN and
LEAPED beiore utterly \u25a0•'impossible." This
; appreciative, patient. , . besides liberal fees
handed Rexradio $500 G<k his address of bis
friend, D. Cashln. 137 Montgomery.
"REXRADIO" (last week) instantly made my
ear hear WHISPER at 115 feet. He did pre-
cisely the same for a friend I sent to him. I
saw him do . other wonders. Broker.; 307
Merchants*. Exchange. ' '
(one) treatment (last week)
mace, my totally DEAF - ear distinctly hear
whisper at 115 feet: he did the game for my
friend.— Mining engineer. 506 Mills bldg.
"REXRADIO" had ' wonderful success (last
week) in treating a leading Freemason's 20
years' CANCER ; I saw it; "also another
friend made hear whisper at 115 f eet.— io6
Millg building. - \u25a0: \u25a0 . : - '\u25a0 - \u25a0
"REXRADIO'S" (first) treatment wonderfully
quickened my years PARALYZED limb,
which I instantly used naturally, also RAN
and JUMPED freely.— A. R.. IS2I Pine.
"REXRADIO" instantly made my friend's to-
. tally DEAF "ear -hear whisper at over IUO
feet.— A. R., 1321.Pine st. •
"REXRADIO" instantly made my totally
DEAF ear hear a whisper. — A. R., 1321 Pine.
"REXRADIO" enabled a lady known to m« to
hear whisper at 115 feet; BORN with totally
DEAF ear. A. R.. 1321 Pine at. . : . \u25a0 .
"REXRADIO" (last week) discharged every
symptom of my distressing FEMALE
WEAKNESS.— Mrs. . D., Phillips Hotel.
6th sc
"REXRADIO'S" (one) treatment set : my eye
straight; it had long been turned inwards
towards the nose. 117 6th st.
"REXRADIO" last week made my ear hear
WHISPER at 115 feet; did same for my
friend's DEAF ear. 8., 446 Sherman aye.,
Oakland. \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0•-
"REXRADIO" last week quickly removed a
CANCER. I carefuily examined the spot.
1 found it normal, and no vestige of cancer.
8., 446 Sherman aye.
"REXRADIO'S" (one) In my pres-
ence enabled my 2 friends (for years BED-
RIDDEN) to rise alone, UNAIDED from
bed, for first time. P.. 146 2d st. |
"REXRADIO'S" (first) treatment fully cured
my severe -RHEUMATISM. P., 146 2d st.
"REXRADIO" has In my presence cured meny
alleged "Incurable" . diseases; see me. 0..
146 2d st. • \u25a0•
"KEXRADIO'S" (one) treatment made me
RUN and LEAP naturally: I was long an
agonized RHEUMATIC CRIPPKE. C. 145
Stockton. \u25a0 '
"REXRADIO" cured my 2 friends of total
DEAFNESS, a third of PARALYSIS and
mys°lf of LIVER diseases several week»
ago and we all STAY cured. G. H.. 607
Post.
"REXRADIO'S" (three) treatments removed
my CANCER fortnight ago; no sign of it to
date. 711 6th st. ' :
"REXRADIO'S" (one) treatment last week,
made a BLIND person ccc and KECOO-
NIZE a coin. He said: "Till now I could
only know a coin by FEELING it." I wit-
nessed thla.— R. 1.. 126 Turk.
"REXRADIO'S" (2) treatments thoroughly
cured my FEVER at its dangerous crisis. —
112 Fell. .;- - - -
"REXRADIO" quickly cured my large CAN-
CER months since: it STAYS cured.— ll2
Fell. - * . \u25a0 __2
"REXRADIO" promptly cured my friend's
many years disabling PARALYSIS.— II 2 Fell.
"REXRADIO" quickly cured my relatives of
dangerous "Inflammatory" disease and
\u25a0 ANCHYLOSIS.— W. Ormsly. 429 Ellis.
"REXRADIO'S" (one) treatment cured my
RHEUMATIC lameness. I have seen him
effect many absolutely "marvelous" cures. —
W. O-, 429 Ellis.
"REXRADIO" will FORFEIT $1000 IF
ABOVE REPORTS are not "GENUINE."
and capable of ABSOLUTE "PROOF."
"REXRADIO" Is willing to VISIT and treat a
few more BEDRIDDEN cases. :
"REXRADIO" phenomenal Healer by H'd
"RADIUM" rower. Terms reasonable; con-
sultation FREE. Hours. 2 to 6 p. m. —
333 Geary et.. suites 36." etc.
PROPOSALS, i
PROPOSALS— Bids Wanted— Notice U hereby
j - given that sealed proposals will be received,
i by the Board of Directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, at its office, room 13.
* 320 Sansome fit.,' San Francisco, California,
up to 11 o'clock a. m.. Saturday, June 3,
1805, and opened immedlattly thereafter In
the presence of bidders, for furnishing and
delivering quartermaster and commissary
supplies, etc., for the Veterans' Home, Napa
County. California (railroad station Yount-
vllle, f. o. b.), for one year, commencing
July 1. 1905. and ending June 30. 1906.
Schedules with information and Instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the
\u25a0 schedules, and no bid will be considered
unless It is In accordance with such sched-
ules. Bids must be made on samples sub-
mitted whenever called for In the schedule.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with,
a certified check upon some well known and
responsible banking house for at least 10
per- cent of the amount of his bid. payable
to C. Mason Klnnne. Treasurer, conditioned
that the bidder will enter into a good and
valid contract upon notice of acceptance, as
required by ! law. . The board reserves tbe
right to reject any or all bids and to order
any quantity over or under the amount speci-
• fied. Preference will be given to goods man-
ufactured or produced in this State, price,
fitness and quality being equal, under the
provisions of section 3247 of the Political
. Code. •
Address . John F. Sheehan, Secretary of
the Board of Directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, Room 13. 320 Sansome
street, San Francisco, California, By or.
der of the Board of Directors. JOHN F
SHEEHAN. Secretary.
PROPOSALS for public buildings — Office of the
Chief Quartermaster. San Francisco, Cal.,
May 29. IUOS. — Sealed proposals. In triplicate)
subject to the usual conditions, will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 o'clock a. m..
Pacific time. June 27, 1905. and then opened
in the presence of bkMera, for the construc-
tion of a frame addition to the bake-house
at Fort Baker. Cal. Information ! furnished
on applicat'on to this office. The United
States reserves the right to accepl or reject
any or all bids received or any part thereof
Envelopes containing proposals should be en-
. dorsed "Proposals for Bake House. Fort
Baker. Cal." and addressed to Col. WM. S.
PATTEN, Asst. Quartermaster General,
U. S. A. - - -
NOTICE Is hereby given that sealed bids will
be received at 16 South Hall, Berkeley, on
or before 6 p. m., on June 5, 1903, for the
concrete floor and concrete stairwork for
; California Hall, as per plans and speclflca-
S tions on file at said office. . Bids are Invited
also for the excavations and for the founda-
tions for the new university, library. Bids
are Invited also. for painting and tinting In
California Hall. .; Separate bids are Invited
also for (a) -fire escapes and (b) the heating
./and ventilating system for the Harmon Gym-
. nasium. No bids will be considered unless
accompanied by a certified I check for bond
. lri S favor of the undersigned, equal to 10 per
cent of the: bid, with sufficient sureties, con-
ditioned that, if the bid be accepted the bid-
der .will- enter Into a contract faithfully to
\u0084-p erform- the obligations In accordance with
taitl bill and with said plans and specifica-
tions. • The right to reject any or all bids
i?JnT hereby reserved. THE REGENTS OF
/THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
PROPOSAL — Notice Is hereby given that sealed
'bids will be • received at the Secretary's Of-
fice of ; the - State Acrlcultural Society. Sac-
ramento, CaL.. on or before June 22. 1905. at
"•3 p. m.. for work and materials In the con-
struction of stables for horses, containing
about 300 boxBtalls.. \u25a0" No bid ; will be con-
sidered unless accompanied by a certified
check or bond .'in .favor of the undersigned
equal to 10 per cent of the bid with sufficient
security, conditioned that ; if the bid be ac-
' cepted the . bidder will enter Into a contract
faithfully, to • perform : . the contract . in \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' ac-
;. cordance with said bid and with '\u25a0 plans and
specifications 1 which can .be had on applica-
tion to the undersigned. The right to reject
. any; or all bids is hereby reserved. CALI-
FORNIA STATE . AGRICULTURAL - SO-
\u25a0 CIETY. By ALBERT LINDLEY. Secretary.
PROPOSALS Fcr Drayage. — General Depot of
: the Quartermaster's :Department. San Fran-
'* clsco, CaL May 1, 1905. — sealed proposals for
the hauling: of military.' stores and? supplies
In and about the city of San Francisco. Cal.
for the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1905,
\u25a0will be received at this of flee until 11 o'clock
a. m.\ on Thursday, the •. Ist ' day •of June,
1905. and. th*n opened. -.The Government re-
' serves : the right to ' reject any and . all pro-
posals.".: All ' necessary .; information will be
\u25a0: ' furnished on application i to this office. . iEn- ;
velopes '\u25a0 containing proposals should be -In-
dorsed* ."Proposals > for Drayage" "and "ad-"
L dressed ;; to : MAJOR -C. A. DEVOL. Depot
\u25a0 Quartermaster. - - •-\u25a0\u25a0-." -- \u25a0--*\u25a0 \u25a0 .-
'- -; TO ! LEASE. ' - CM '/\u25a0
I TO lease — For a term of years, between Market
1 -and 'Mission,'- First and Second sts.. 2 :6_story
brick buildings.^ with full concrete basel|»ujts.
i. "as a* whole or, ln subdivisions to suit tenants';
.each- floor "contains 7CCO square* feet; frontage
'\u25a0-' on three I streets : splendidly lighted ; . elevators
' and all other .conveniences: 'cheapest rent in
f ; city. - HUGH KEEN AN £ CONSTRUCTION
COMPANY.. 30 Jessie st,; San Francisco, Cal.
A. WEEK'S. news for 5 cents— The .Weekly, Call,"
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS— Continued.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos." Cecilian piano
\u25a0 player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post St..
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
• meuts. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckerlng baby grand.
Shonlnger little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
MONEr TO LOAN.
.- \- R. McGOLGAN, .
Rooms 301 and 302 Hearst building.
Third floor. Examiner entrance.
Deal directly with lender and save \u25a0 expense.
Loans any amount at -5^ and 6 per cent
On tiret, second and third mortgages;
REAL ESTATE IN PROBATE, . -\u0084
.Undivided interests in estate and property.
Money advanced to prevent foreclosure.
NO DELAY.
Phone Main 5516.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.) —
...ANY. AMOUNT TO LOAN ......
....INTEREST 6% AND 6 PER CENT....
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN- AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY . ..........
Second mortgages, life insurance policies es-
tates In probate, undivided interests in prop-
erty, probate realty loansj stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests In property
purchased. \u25a0 '
. . .'. .MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg. ; phone Main 5924.
AA— MONEY TO LOAN.;
\u25a0On furniture, pianos, warehouse receipts or
uecurity of any kind, without removal: we
make loans on the EASIEST PLAN In the
WORLD: payments to SUIT YOUR CON-
VENIENCE; in case of SICKNESS or loss of
EMPLOYMENT we EXTEND THE LOAN:
you take no chance of LOSING your GOODS.
This is a TRUST COMPANY; our rates are
RIGHT and no DESERVING PERSON is re-
fused ; CASH ADVANCES made to salaried
people. LINCOLN FINANCE CO.. rooms 15-
36. 759 Market st.. opp. Phelan building.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
. 601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save ' expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc ; legacies; life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. \u25a0 Strictly • coofidSntlal.
- • ' When You Need Money • -
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN "
A reasonable amount on
Ist. 2d cr 3d .
Mortgages on real estate.
In city, town or county.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
° of property.
Location, etc.
- Box 223. Call office.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds,' 'jewelry at 1
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry °Btore
078 Market st.: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 1192
Market st. and 27 Third st.
SALARY LOANS— ~~
Money loaned salaried people without security '
or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment-
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
eecurity; easy payments: large business In 40
- principal cities. TOLMAN. 533 Parrott bldg.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates: no
removal: no publicity: also on real estate:
Ist or 2d mortgages or on any security; an>
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 3G.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal or other security; lowest
rates; ny commission; confidential. 506-7
Donohoe bldg., 8 -Taylor St.. cor. Market.
MONEY to loan at 2 per cent a month: gold,
silver, diamonds, pearls and previous stones
bought at W. J. HESTFAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
LOANS on diamonds, watches and jewelry;
private offices. 400-401 Adams building. 2Di>
Kearny st. Glob? Mercantile and Loan Co.
SALARIED people without \u25a0 security; also on
furn.. estates in probate,. life ins. policies, etc.
Empire Loan & Invest. Co.. 612 Parrott bldg.
MONEY, Money. Money.'
Any proposition. 49 2d St., Wells-Fargo Ex-
press bldg. Wage-Earners' Invt. & Loan. Co.
ORIGINAL UNCLE BILL, the only liberal
one in his line, •at his new . quarters, sod
Market st.. corner Fourth, 2d floor, suite 1.
A — ONE per cent per month on valuables.
PORTLAND JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
ON real estate^ improved or unimproved; any
amount. $100 up. W. T. White, SC Mmtg.. r.S
LOANS on salaries, collaterals,* stocks, bonds,
etc. Pioneer Co.. 819 Market st.. room 31.
LOANS — Salaried people; ."confidential"; 2 per
cent: chattels, etc. 456 Montgomery, r. 513.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 012 Mutual Bank bid.
TO salaried people without security. The "White
•Co.. 420 California st.. rooms 14 and 15. '\u25a0
SAT.AT-lFn r-T'o on nr.te. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Say. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 535 Kearny.
CASH- loaned salaried people on notes without
indprser. MORRKLL. 609 Examiner bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
: 16 pages 1 , in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
THIRD, 17, near Market — Sunny rooms for of-
fices: carpeted; low rent.
PART of large sunny office to rent; reason-
able. 508 Grant building. ..-;..
FRCNT office to let; gas. electric lights, run-
nlr.g water; convenient. 759 Market at.
PHYSICIANS
CATARitH~DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; one week's
treatment fre*. 'Dr. Cottlngham. 9 Powell ft.
WONG WOO; the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
PARTNERS JtyANTED.
PARTNER wanted with $5000; ' new proposl-
tlon; large profits assured. Box 8205. Call.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 632 Market »t.
. '_-". PASTURAfiE. '" J
GOOD raaturage for horses and ; cattle near
Vallejo. I Apply to Napa Improvement Com-
pany. 124 California st.
PERSONALS.
FREE— FREE— FREE. _
Manicuring. hairdresslng, marcel wave,
shampooing and facial massage to ' those
- using my preparations, face powders, per-
fumes, lotions, skin : foods. Mme. Idaline
Face Cream, etc.. for sale at all druggists'
end at my parlors; be sure and ask your
- druggist for my card ; . I ..also • remove super-
fluous hair, birth marks and all- facial blem-
ishes and treat the. skin and scalp. Consul-
tation free; see my new. and beautiful of-
fices Write or telephone Main 6309 for book-
let. ' DR. W.C., SCHLEY, 1001-1003-1081.
James Flood bldg.. San .Francisco. Cal. ;
A SPECIAL DISCOUNT OF 60 PER CENT,
OFF my usual reasonable \u25a0 prices for I balanc*
of this month in order to reach the tourists:
I positively • guarantee to permanently - and
• successfully remove deep * wrinkles, freckle*
. and smallpox pitting* by my own original
scientific method; Investigate Immediately;
cocaultatlon and - beauty booklet free. ,-•-\u25a0
M." ELLA HARRIS, 128 Geary sUv
<\u25a0 - Remember.' 60 per cent off, this month only.
OXYGEN CYLINDER CO. - and treatment
: Parlors. '-.- Drugleas Healing.
The latest and most scientific oxygen | In-
- ctruments used for the . treatment of all acute
'and chronic diseases, ; rheumatism, \u25a0 insomnia
and nervous disorders. :gs3BBSJiil>s*?fi3
I 648 Geary St.. Ban Francisco: phone East 778.
ETAR Hair Remedy restores gray ' hair. • Im- .
proves ' growth. * Etops falling, cures - dandruff
and Itching scalp, no stain cr »tickine«»;
cleanses scalp; • druggists. ' hairdressers; ao*
cept; no-«ubstltute. Star Rem. Cd. 1338 Polk.
DIAMONDS on credit at wnolesale prices; in-
stallments ito suit; written guarantee ; with
every purchase. DIAMOND * CREDIT CO..
room 48, fourth floor, 1 Chronicle building. _
AT less than cost: ? uncalled for ; suits, over-
coats and trousers at CHARLES 'LYONS'.
I 1 London Tailor. 721 Market : t. -;-.>- " -. \ :
SUITS to order on installment, of $1 per week.
KEUHAUB CO.; : the tailor. ,729 Market st.
ALFKEDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
- hair to its natural color. $1. at . all j druggists' .
60 ASSORTED I souvenir postal I cards I prepaid
60c. ' BACIOALUPI. 786 Mission ' st. s ; ; ' v
TAILOK-MADE suits $7 60; dress pants. $2 50.
- Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.i
$1l1 l A WEEK : auita r. to order $16 up."; LEMOB. -
.1127 Market St.. between Seventh and Elgntn.l
ONE dollar ' weekly .keeps you Mn fine clothing.'
Art .Tailoring. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas. •
MASQUERADE' conumea.' play- books, wigs;
country order*? GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt, v
A BRANCH , of flee;, of . The~Call I for ' the ? recep-
.> tion; of -advertisements and subscriptions ; has
- been it opened at ~1008 .Market -st,, .• opposite
•Fifth.' Open until 11; p/.m. \ \u25a0*
INVESTMENTS^-/ -
ONE CHANCE IN A LIFETIME— Now is the
time to take it; come and invest a little of
your money In some, good mining stock that
will, pay -you good dividends.
' Arrangements can be made so that you can
make weekly payments on your stock. Call
and let us convince you.
J. W.. JACQUITH & CO.,
Rooms 874-870-S7S James Flood bldg..
San Francisco. Cal.- '
IX VALID CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturer of the
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt: tel. Park 775.
. JAPANESE LAUNDRIES.
JAPANESE TOKYO LAUNDRY: first-class
work at reasonable rates. 429-31 Francisco
ct.. San Francisco. Cal.; tel. Red 6247., \u25a0
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — On a Market-st. car. May 24, a brown
. leather satchel containing some books, valu-
able to the owner only. Finder please re-
turn toS4I Ellis et.: reward. . \u25a0
LOST— Lady's black lace. cape, on Eddy et..
bet. Franklin and Larkln. or on Larkln or
Folsom st. car* Write, or call at 2552 Fol-
tom st. and recejve suitable reward. -
LOST — Pin, circle of diamonds and rubles.
Reward if returned to Colonial Hotel.
LOST — A small cocker spaniel. Please return
to 787 Golden Gate aye.: reward.
LOST— May IS.-eklff painted white. Finder
please report to J. PETERSON. 3 Steuart st.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
\u25a0St., for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
FASTEST, best boats on bay; pleasure parties,
towing. S. F. Launch Co., 5 Steuart st. .
LOFTS TO LET. \u25a0 ' \u25a0
LOFT, 25x160; rent reduced. BACIGALUPI.
786 Mission st. '
« I MEDICAL.
•LADIES who are in trouble or suffering 'from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can . find
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
who has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
„ 17 years' experience without . & failure ' lias
-. put him at the head. He guarantees relief
or no pay. one visit at efftee is necessary;
don't waste time by writing.
° DR. WHITE. 702 Ifarket St.; rooms 7 and 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— LadIe* all who are
sick cr In trouble, consult this specialist cm
female' complaints; positively corrected;: the
unfortunate helped; the most difficult canes
treated; every case taken; Immediate relief;
no poisoning drugs: low fees; my methods
will cure all cases of irregularity; consult me.
save time and money. Advice free. Office,
101S Market st. : hours. 9a. m. till 9 p. m.
LADIES — I'm a graduate physician, qualified
to give professional advice and skillful treat-
ment to select cases; should you desire- the
beet Attention, call or write, in confidence,
DR. R. H. WESTON'S office. 305 Kearny at.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female-
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guarantee* 4 • 30 years' experience. 044 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities: Instant ro-
ller guaranteed. Office hours 0 to 5. Sunday
10 to 2. 100SH Market St.. opposite Fifth.
A — DR. and Mr.su Goodwin, S5O Market, opp.
4th. r. 37— Eft. 26 yrs. in S. 5". ; instant re-
lief for all female complaints guaranteed.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market st. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
DR. and MRS. DAVIE9 and Hindoo Herbs:
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
DR. ROSEN. r**ld«nce 2995 Folsom st., corner
Twenty-sixth: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
; 31INES AXD MINING.
WANTED — By a thoroughly reliable mining
man, a partner with $5000 to locate new
mining district- between Bullfrog and Search-,
light: 10 claims guaranteed, with ledges
cropping on every claim very rich in gold,
ccpp«»r. lead. . silver, etc. : . will give half In-
terest; natiohsl bank reference: this . will
bear Investigation. Address J. F. MAIN.'
— - 329. Byrne -building. Los Angeles. Cal.
WE are headauarters for all Western mining
stocks; parties having stocks to buy or sell
will, do well to get our prices before trading.
Goldfield Bullfrog and Tonopah stocks a
specialty. McNICHOLAS & CO.. room 33.
619 Market at.: phone Mint 865.
GROUP of 14 claims, 2SO acres, Goldfleld:
sure winner; can be divided: 18 claims', 3
tunntl Bites; both safe investments; cheap;
many others. Hempstead, 519 Mission, r. 303.
YOUNG man from Idaho would like to go with
prospecting party anywhere must answer
quick. Box 3022. Call office.
SPLENDID opportunity for an Interest In a
good gravel mine: have everything to work
mine. Address Miner. 520 Van Ness aye.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, ISJS-197 Fremont st.
FOR eale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying: modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. C 52 Mission st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, chatting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
A — BUYS, sells and rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, Mhaf ting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 336 Main et: ; \u25a0 .
A— looo CHICKS at 10 cento every week at
CARL STANGE'S POULTRY RANCH. 1408
6llver aye.. near San Bruno; Foleom car.
FOR sale — '80116™; two 60x16 high pressure en-
gines; one 500 \u25a0 horsepower, one 40 and 30.
Armstrong & Co., 005 Mkt.: phone South 87.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $150 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50: we cay express
charges. 11 3d >t.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
PATENTED Inventions, models, special tools,
punches, dies; machine work of all kinds.
Novelty Mach & C. Wks., 278 Jessie, nr 4th.
MUST be sold, fine large double door safe with
steel vault. 354 Hayes st.
A — GENTS', full dress suit* to rent. J.
COOPER. 21 Stockton st.. second floor.
HIGH grade L'd-hand office safe and wagon
scale. PARCELLS SAFE CO., 216 California.
AWNINGS, tente, covers, etc. ROSS McMA-
HON CO., 35 Market rt. \u25a0\u25a0
DESKS bought, sold, exchanged. T. D. MC-
CARTHY CO.. 807 Mission; phone South 811.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento st.
SAFES and cash registers; new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door. Eash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Market.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
barralng. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825, 650 Sacramento.
Highest prices paid for ladles' and gents' cast-
off clothing. Tilton, 154 Oth: tel. J«s»i« 3916.
BUILDINGS and building material bought. The
Dolan Co., 1607 Market st. ; phone Jessie 2921.
DIAMONDS, etc.. bought for. cash. Karl Eber
A Co.. 400-401 Adams bldg.. 206 Kearny et
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
j SEVEN UPRIGHT "BARGAINS.
Mansfeldt & N0tni; .. ..;..; ."..$llO
Mayson. used 1 year, mahogany case. $170
1 Boothe. oak case, upright grand ......... .1180
Neumann, cost $350, new. perfect order. .1 185
Sterling, latest $350 style, used: 1 year. ...) 235
Marshall & Wendell, mahog. .case. 8 m 05. .5243
Curtax, latest style, used 8 m0nth5.... r..v. 5295
Cfcickerinfc-, -Vose, Stelnway. Weber and others
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrelt st. V
BEST renting stock in the city; good uprights
at $2 per mo.; some at $2 GO; our own make.
$3; one year's rental allowed off \u25a0'; purchase
price. SCOTT-CURTAZ, 560 Hayes ; st. > ,:
AT Heine Piano \u25a0 C 0. .: 237 • Geary st.. you can
/ rent good. : new pianos for $3 per month:
rent applied If purchased. . ; - >-'
A. FISHER upright; $69. 584 Valencia at. Z
ALMOST glven'away; unredeemed storage :pl-
anos. furn. Whltehead's storage., IC3O .Mkt.
RENT, piano from • Eruenn.: 22s Sutter, and get
."-your mutlc free: rents $2 up.
ELEGANT - upright pianos, $100, and \u25a0 $125 '.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy St., -. • -\u25a0'\u25a0 , :\u25a0\u25a0 ,.--.
ELEGANT uprighu.new & 2d-hand,s4s to $500. '
Pierce' a Piano Factory,. Market and 14th sts.
, HELP WAXTED — MALE — Continued.
A— MURRAY & HEADY. C34-03C Clay Bt.
Phone Main s>>4ik.
OFFICE HOCUS. 7 A. M. TO 10 P. M.
This new *=>>tera gives employers a chance
to phone us until 10 p. m.
Likewise
All can call atter their day's work.
Our Own Printinx
Plant issues our tree lUt of positions four
tiaoes daily— 7 a. m.. 10 a. m. t
1 v. m.. 4 p. m.
EMPLOYERS. ATTENTION.
OUR INVESTIGATION AND SEGREGA-
TION HESULT IN THE PRODUCTION OF
FIHST-CLASS HELP.
IF YOU WANT
THE BEST HELP. DO AS OTHERS DO.
SEND YOUH ORDERS TO
MURRAY & READY. «1-Kiti Clay St..
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
I'hone Main SS4S.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
We e a\>r in l'.M>4 iyus we hope to
«4.w0 men work. Increase 04.000.
W e 00 cot supply female help, but we do
supjiiy iiita _c«J v.lyes for all classes of work.
WE SPEAK THE
German. French. Italian, Portuguese. Span-
ish. 6lavonian. Scandinavian. Hungarian and
Greek languages.
TO-DAY.
C 265 men wasted, from $15 to $155 month.
to-day we ship to
nevada. utah. arizona. Oregon,
Washington. Hawaiian islands
and all parts of California.
GOVERNMENT WORK. ETEADY JOBS.
155 teamsters. $2 25 day.
155 laborers. $2 25 day.
25 crlfcbers $73 month.
FOR NEVADA STATE. GOVERNMENT
WORK.
There Is a chaace for advancement.
Half-rate R. R. fare. $6. Office fee $L
THAT'S ALL.
CROWDS GOING DAILY. ARE YOU?
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
"~" SUMMER RESORT.
Pmstry baker. $40 found.
Laundryman, $30 fd.; difhwaaher. $25 found.
OTHER HOTELS AND B. HOUSES.
Saloons, camrs. ranches. mines. survey
parties, lunch counters, etc. '
26 cooks, first, second, third and short-order
men. $75, $60, $50, $40. $30, $25 and found.
Oorae see us.
PIANO-PLAYER— SPRINGS HOTEL.
WAITERS AND BARTENDERS.
25 waiters, restaurants, cafes, saloons, hotels
and lunch counters. $50. $40. $35. $30. $23
er.d found.
3 BARTENDERS, country. $30 and found.
DISHWASHERS AND PORTERS.
IS dishwashers, porters and bedmakers. city
and country Jcbs. $15. $20. $25. $30 found.
LAUNDRY&iEN— BAKERS.
? starch ironers, $75; also polisher. $75.
3 bakers, country jobs, $15 week and $40 fd.
2 assistant bakers, $30 and found. $25 found.
Body ironer, $40; polisher and stareher, $05.
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay at.
MECHANICAL HELP.
S3 blacksmiths and helpers, some floormen.
horsoEhoers. forgemen. wagonmen. some for
mines, others without shoeing, ranches,
\u25a0 >--;;•. etc., $3 50, $3, $2 50, $2 day; com*
MACHINISTS— FIREMEN.
4 rr.ach'.rUEis. diCerent Jobs, $3 50-$3 day.
2 firemen, lumber companies. $40 found.
6 machine blacksmiths. $3 25 to $4 day.
BRASS MOLDERS. PLUMBERS. ETC.
2 trass molaers, $3.
Plunber by contract: gasoline engineer.
D RAUC HTSMEN.
Draughtsman, bridge R. R. company.
PAINTERS. PATTERN-MAKERS, WHEEL-
WRIGHTS.
9 wheelwrights, ?2 50 to $4; 3 carriage paint-
er*. %:i 50: 6 brush hand painters, city jobs,
$2 DO day: pattern-maker. $3 25; carriage
striper. $1S week.
BRICKLAYERS.
6 brirklayers. bc*s here. $5 day.
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
TO THE SAWMILLS.
WOODS. YARDS. BOX FACTORIES.
PLANING MILLS. ETC.
Edgerman. Arizona, fare paid, $3 day.
2 file setter?. $5; setter ratchet blocks. $60.
tVrriiuje setter. $60 fd; trimmer. $2 50 to $4.
L- vgei. £i>s fd; matcher and sticker hand,
$3 50 to $4.
E'if i-rman, white pine. $60 found ; head line-
man. S'Jj and four.d.
3 ratchc-t setters, $3 50; 6 bench hands, $3 50.
tf fpooltenders. $55; 6 offbearers.
V! doir njolders. $C 7 50; 6 woodworkers. $73.
4 grader*. *-.'!; 2 carriage riders, $75.
LAIiOJU-J_S ASD TAXBAHK PEELERS.
:M laborers, no experience wanted, $45 found.
2i» laborers, pile lumber, $CO.
... tr,en. rx?el tanbark, Jare $."., $40 to $45 fd.
SCANDINAVIAN LABORERS.
55 good rctn to work in sawmills. $75.
MURRAY &. READY.
63« and 630 Clay st.
LABORERS AND TEAMSTER^
3f"4 laborers end teamstere. some in San
Francisco, some board yourselves, others
t>oard with corporations, $2 75, $2 50, *'.'
day, Sf». $&<. $40. $30 and found; see us.
5 plow holders. $2 50 day. •
IS gutter layers $75.
12 cribbers, electric power-house, $75.
FREE FARE.
155 laborers and teamsters. $60.
MANUFACTURING COMPANY".
65 laborers, you'll euit. $CO.
DIFFERENT MINES.
4f> miners, single and double hand, $78.
IS «oft rock miners $67 60.
Muckere. carmen, laborers, $60 and $78.
AROUND A STEAM SHOVEL.
65 laborers, you'll euit, $60.
NEW TUNNELS. FREE FARE
HOW ABOUT THIS?
€5 drillers, fr*e- fare, $67 50.
,r« , NEW R - *• ELECTRIC, ETC.
105 laborers and teamsters, fare $2. $60,
MURBAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt.
MEN AND WIVES.
4 men and wi\-es for ranches, $50. $40 foand.
Italians and ItaJlan board, with wine.
6 Italians aa quarry laborers. $60.
4 sheep herders, different places, $30 found
Stenographer, assists with books, lumber com-
pany. $30 foand.
Young man, light delivery wagon, $55
22 hoys, city factories, learn trades, city. $6
week.
Gardener, tend Incubator, $30 and found.
lfi stabiemen, city and country. $T5. $60
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay et.
NORTH. SOUTH. EAST.
HAYMAKERS. FRUIT PICKERS.
©8 haym&kers, pitchers, forkers, rakers,
mowers, teamsters, etc. $1 50. $1 25 day
— — d found.
DAIRYMEN.
136 miltrers. $40. $35, $30 and found.
14 isilkers and run separators, $40 found.
12 cheeseraakers and butter-makers, $40 and
$45 and found.
6 milkers, fare paid north. $40 and found.
VINEYARDS AND ORCHARDS.
20 general ha&de. no haying, $26, $30 found.
t farm tiands. home ranches, $30 found
STOCK— OTHER RANCHES.
45 men, various positions on same, $35 found
CHORE MEN AND BOYS.
38 cbore men and boys for farms, private
residences, about mlncs^ dairies, etc $35
$30. $25. $15 and found.
COACHMEN AND GARDENERS.
4 good men for private residences, $30. $35,
$40 an£ found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-€36 Clay «t.
4 HOUSE painttrs.
Foreman, painter, house, private work, $4
day.
6 coopers, work. 10c barrel.
MILLWRIGHTS.
2 millwrights, lumber company. $3 SO day.
Bench hand, country mill, $3 60 day.
LOOK.
Carriage blacksmith, country. ?3 day.
CEMENT FINISHERS.
2 cement finishers, country Job. $4 a day.
2 laundrymen. Nevada, free fare. $40 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
ITALIAN 3. ~
12 rtslians as laborers for ranch. $1 75 day.
bach themselves, ctove, cooking utensils and
cabins furnUhed.
25 ITALIANS
To chop wood, tools found. $1 50 cord.
LOOK.
2 lathers, city job, regular wages.
4 laborers for a quarry, fare $1 30. $2 25 day.
4 bellboys, city Jobs; bedmakers and porters.
MARRIED.
Farmer and wife, no work for woman, boss
here, ?2S and found.
MURRAY & READY. C 34-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS.
25 carpenters. Nevada State.
Government m-ork. P3 50 day.
PAINTERS.
Carriage pafnter. fare 4Cc. ?3 day.
BIG NEV* L'.IIBER CO.
155 laborers, new Job. you'll suit. $60.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
LEARN telegraphy and R. R. accounting; $S0
to $150 per month salary paid our graduates;
our ciz schools Indorsed by all railroads: day
and evening n-wlon: apply for catalogue.
Mo:** School of Telegraphy. 20 O'Farrell St.
WANTED — In a large wholesale house, several
boj t. from 16 to Ift years of age. to learn
the taiEiness; good chance for advancement.
Address box 33W1. Cal lofßce.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; 8 weeks
complete: position guaranteed: tult'on earned
w-hii' learning. Call or write MOLER COL-
LEGE. C 44 Clay St., near Kearny.
WANTED — Young man to work on a poultry
farm and learn the business. Box 14, Cw-
ninftr, OaJ.
WANTED — First-class saloon porter; good pay;
<5o not apply unless flrst-clazs. Keystone
Ber. 27 Seventh st.
WISER IF YOU READ THESE WANT ADSWilliam D. Franklin (owner) with J. B.
Glunz (contractor), architect '\u25a0 — — . All work
for. a IVS-story : frame building on- lot on li
line of Third avenue, 251) S of Clement street,
5 25 by E 120; 52500.
Christine Helmuth (owner) with C.-S. Boden
6 Co. (contractors), architect . Carpenter
work, plumbing and painting for a 2-story
frame building on lot on W line of Seventh
'avenue. 100 N of I street, N 25 by 120:. 52500.
Anna M. Schulz and Johanna Kucklng
(owners) with J. Koschnltzki - & Bros, (con
tractors), architect Theodore :W. Lenzzen — Ex
cavating, brick, concrete, carpenter, mill work,
stairs,' rough hardware, •\u25a0 tin work, roofing,
potent flues, lathing and plastering and giaca
for' a 3-story, frame building on lot "on : NE
corner of Clay and Mason "streets, 26 on Clay
and CO on • Mason: $6000.-
Same owners with' William Schafer \u25a0 (con
tractor); • architect; same— Painting, graining,
varnishing and tinting for two 3-6tory. irame
buildings on lot on |NE corner : of \u25a0 Clay j and
Mason streets. 26 on ; Clay ; and 66 on Mason,
N on Clay 26, E on Mason 34 by 66; $1195. i
Same owners with Kiernan & O'Brien (con
tractors), architect same— Plumbing, : sewering
and gas fitting for same on same; $2014. "^
A. G. Searcy (owner) with L. T. Fenn* (con
tractor).' architect . ;-" All ,work-.-. for^a-4
rocm cottage on lot on- E ; line of Twehty-flf th
avenue, 100 S of \u25a0 Clement street ; ' $1400.
, Kragens (owners) with C. ' S/, Murray : (con
tractor), architect . \u25a0 'Alterations and ad
ditions to building- on lot on S line of Market
street. 125 • W -of Sixth - W 50, S 80. W - 25,
S 75, E 75. N 1(55; $4100. :
H. C. Farquharson (owner) with : C. Ander
son & Co. . (contractors). . architect ." .; Al
tt-rat ions and additions to, a' 3-story ; frame
building on lot on N lino -of Jackson street,
137:0 W of Powell. W 25:8% by NCI:C;
?104S. . . .'.-..-\u25a0- ... \u25a0\u25a0-\u0084\u25a0 , , i :
Wellman testate Company (owners)" with
Otto -Schrader (contractor), -architect J. -E.
Krafft— Constructional -t. iron ? " and ' steel -.work,
also , hoisting " and settins of. . steel \u25a0 iron -\u25a0 work
for smokehouses for a four-story brick building
on lot on 'SW line of East street. 61:9% SE of
Pacific. SE 74 :2, S S. "W : 137:6,' N 66:3, E
103:8%; -?5870. ......
-Christian" O. .Bodal .; (owner) "with - Christe
Schweizer (contractor) ;•\u25a0' — : -architect — All
work: for a' three-story frame .building: on lot
on S line of .Twenty- fourth street.- — of Ver
; mont:iss3so. • . :\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0; . «-'\u25a0 ;- \u25a0\u25a0-,-. \u25a0-\u25a0::\u25a0'. .-. - r '\u25a0:,*\u25a0 .-...< :'.
•"EmmaG. 1 Butler (owner) - with " The ' Dolan
Company (contractors), architects \u25a0 Reid Bros. —
Tearing down and removal of 'buildings on 'lot
on :SW corner of Geary and Stockton streets,
W 137:6 by S 137:0; ; 5—— .. -.
; '\u25a0" J. '-'I E. Freeman" (owner) ; with -I R. -: B. :\u25a0 Moore
(contractor) , •' ' architect : , J."- E. '\u25a0 \u25a0 Freeman— Mill- :
work, | etc.; for; a two-story.' and : attic dwelling
on ; lot on: S , line : of : Pacific \u25a0\u25a0 avenue,'; 120 ; E .. of \u25a0
Broderick - street, E 40 by S 127:814;" Western
Addition 496:'.^2324. . -..\u25a0-.. .\u25a0\u25a0..:•-.. 4 h -,%
. Same > owner- with •'- M. ; Brandt j, (con tractor),
architect' same— Brick : work."- terra cotta, flue
linings for same on Fame ;' s2soo. - : :: ~..;'-.'
. J. F. *> Webster: (owner) j.wltff, California En
gineering and' Construction \u25a0 Company'(contrac
tors).':! architects i &\u25a0,. Pollteo— -
Steam ; heating . apparatus -i for •- a : •. four-story
frame | store and I apartment building on I lot lon
NW V - corner of i Golden • Gate •* avenue • and I Flll
mora street. W 80 by N 137:6; $1400 r ' j
Builders' Contracts.
London Closing Stockn.
Cons for money. 9l 1-16 New York Cen....144%
Cons for acct..9l6-16 Norfolk & West. S2Vi
Anaconda 5% Do pfd 95
Atchison 83 Ontario & West.; 53
Do pfd 104% Pennsylvania 69%
Bait & Ohio 111V4 Rand Mines 9si
Canadian Pac....151% Reading 46%
Ches & Ohio.. ...50 Do Ist pfd...... 46
Chi Great West. 10% Do 2d pfd. .. . . . 43%
C. M& St P....179 Southern Ry..... 20%
De Beers 17% Do pfd. ......... 95%
Den & Rio G.... 29 Southern Pacific..- £3%
Do pfd 88% Union Pacific..... 123%
Erie .41% Do pfd ....100
Do 1st 1 pfd..... 80% U S 5tee1........ 28
Do 2d pfd...... OS Do pfd... ....... 96%
Illinois Central.. lC4% Wabash J9%
Ixjuls & Na5h... 148% Do pfd 39%
M. X & T 27% .
Bar silver — Quiet; 26% d per ounce.
Money — 1%(j?2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market fcr
short bills is 2% per cent and for three months'
bills 2% per cent. .1 ..
KANSAS CITY. May 30.—CATTLE—Re
cfipts, 70C0 head. Market steady to strong.
Native strers, $4 25@<5; native cows and heif
ers, $2 25J/5; stockers and feeders, $3 25@4 85;
bulls, $2 SO &4 50; calves. $3ig>s 50; Western
fed steers, $4 Co<gs 75; Western fed cows,
$J .r.(l<ii4'7s.. r .(l<ii4' 75.
HOGS — Receipts, 13,000 head. Market strong
to 5c hishcr. Bulk of sales, $5 20@5 27%;
heavy. $5 20@5 27%; packers, $5 2C®5 30»«pig3
and light, ?i Ss@s 25.
SHEEP— Receipts, 5000 head. Market steady
and. active. Muttons, . $4@5 75; lambs, $5 sOtfj>
7 2.": range wethers, $4 40@5 25; fed ewes,
$4 10®4 50.
CHICAGO, May . 30.— CATTLE— Receipts.
3500 head. Market steady.^ Good..- to prime
steers, $5 Go@« 40; poor to medium,' $4@« 40;
stockers and feeders, ?2 75@5; cows; $2 60@5;
canntrs. $1 50@2 40; heifers, $2 50®5 25; bulls,
$2 C 034.00; calves. $3@6 50. ,
. HOGS— Receipts. 18,000 head; to-morrow.
23,000. =$ Market steady to 5c higher. Mixed
and butchers. $5 20© 5 42%: good to choice,
heavy, $5 3065 87$fr; rough, heaw/ $4 75@5 25;
light. J5 3C@5 45; bulk of sales. $5 35®5 40.
SHEEP — Receipts, 1.1,000 head, f Sheep and
lambs steady and strong. Good to choice weth
ers, shorn. $i tO@3: fair to choice mixed,
shorn, $3 5004.40; Western sneep, shorn. $4@
5: native lambs, shorn, $4 752"6 25; Western
lambs. .$". 50®7 25. .
KaiiNiid City.
ChtcaKo.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2000 head. Market steady
Western yearlings, shorn, $4 75#5 25; wethers,
shun:, ?4 40tj?4 80; ewes, shorn, $4<§4 50
lamb?, wooled. 16 50@7 25; lambs, shorn, $5 15
@6 15. ,
HOGS— Reosipts, 7200 head. Market 5c high
er. Heavy. $5 15@5 25; mixed, $5 16<g>5 17^:
light $5 15@5 20; Pigs, ?4@5; bulk of Bales,
S5 ljfio 17%. \u25a0 -..
OMAHA. May 30.— CATTLE— Receipts, 6000
head. Market steady. Native steers, $4 23@6;
cows and heifers. • $Xso@4 75; Western
6heers. $3 50@5: canners, $2 »Jo@3 25; stockers
and feeders. ?2 SOfcM S5; calves, $3@G; bulls
and stags. $2 Bo®4 50.
Omaha.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ST. JOHNS. N\ F. — Arrived May 30^ — Stmrs
Carthagenlan, Glasgow and Liverpool, for Hal
ifax and Philadelphia,
BREMEN — Arrived May 30— Stmr Koln.
from Galveston.
LONDON— Sailed May 30— Stmr Hungarian,
for Quebec and Montreal.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed May 30 — Stmr Coronla.
for New York via Queenstown; Stmr Lake
Champlaln. for Montreal; stmr Sylvanla, for
Boston. '
NEW YORK— Arrived May 30— Stmr Wll
helm der Grosse. from Bremen.
Sailed May 30^ — Stmr Armenian, for Liver
pool: stmr Kron Prinz Wllhelm. for Bremen
via Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr Carpathia.
for Liverpool.
ANTWERP— Arrived May 30— Stmr Vader
land, from New York, via Dover.
GENOA— Arrived May 25 — Stmr Sardetma.
from New York, via' Naples. May 26 — Stmr
Cltta dl Napoli. from New York, via Naples.
HAVRE — Arrived May 30— Stmr La Gas
cogne, from New York •
JAPANESE PORT— Arrived about May 26—
Stmr Dumbarton, from Portland, Or., for Yoko
hama.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TACOMA, May 30. — Mrs. John Gore,
while apparently Insane, forced her
way Into the kitchen of the Irving
apartments and began exhorting the
frightened women of the house on the
beauties of spiritualism. Reaching the
pantry she knelt down and began pray
ing. She was carried to the police sta
tion by officers who found her uncon
scious. , After being revived she gave
another sermon on spirits. She .will be
examined for insanity. Her husband
says that she has had similar spells be
fore, following the reading of spiritual
ist magazines.
Study of Spiritualism Is Responsible
tor the Queer Conduct of
Northern Matron.
TACOMA WOMAN PRAYS UXTIL
1 SHE FALLS UNCONSCIOUS
No. Amount.l No. Amount/INo. Amount.
250..... $20! 316 $40 323 **0
325..... 40 " 536 20 C77...V. 20
620 .20 627..... 40 708..... 20
1K>8..... 20 127 U. 40 1365..... 20
1407..... 20 1427....; 40 1473..... 20
: 1525..... 40 1Ub8.;... 2O 2207 20
2405 100 2540..... 40 2590 100
2933..... 20.3011 100 3059 20
3CtM> ' 20 5258....'. 40 33U7 . 20
3373..... 40 3302... ..20|3571 20
4143..... '40 4218..... 20 4239 -40
4262.-... 2001 421)4..... 40 4315. 20
4406..'... 20 1 4617 40 4787 20
4997..... 40j 5128 20 5169 . 20
0235..... 20(5264..... .40 5314..... -40
5387..... 20 5398..... 40| 5403..... '40
5412..... 20 5433 20 5450 40
5474..... 20 5797..... 40 5853..... 20
58«7..... 100 5938 200 6106 20
6185..... 40 G279. :..'. 100 6336 -20
6430..... 20 6438..... 20 6462..... 20
6744..... 40 6811. :.. 100 6820...:. 20
6912..... - 20 6973..... 40 6974.*-..V 100
7056...'.. 40 7249..... 20 7251 20
7290 20 7417 20 7469 20
.7624..... 20 7679..... 200| 7808..... 20
7540..... 40 78U8 1001 7913 20
7959..... 20 SICO 40 8149..... 20
8453 20| 8500 20| 8585. 100
8021 .20 8965 4Cj 5K57..... 20
0C53..;.. 40 922U 20', 9273 40
9345..... 100 0377 40 0378 20
9591..... 20 9714 40 9737 40
9740..... 20 W829 40 9831 20
9550..... 20 9933 40 9956...... 20
9988. 20 10073 40 10346 20
10365..... 2010405 200 10463 40
10527. 40 10529 40 10542...... 20
10600 ~100! 10623..... 100110857 20
1W500...... 4O|lot»S4 20 11041.....
11083..... 20tU101.....~ 40 11105 200
11135...... 20 11139..... 20 11194..... 40
11391..... 10tni6«3 20 11843 40
12041 20 12076 20 12265 ZJ
12275 40 12547..... ' 20 12708 40
12566. 20 12955::... 20 13277 100
13281 20 13346 40 13349 100
13417- . 40 13421 20 13458. 500
13588. .... 20 13656 20 13837 . 20
13981 "20 14129 40 14151 • 40
14220..... 20 14262 100 14349 20
14756. .... 40 14797 4014812.".... 20
14830 20 11006 100 14961 20
15082..... 2015107. 20 15140 40;
15329 20 15379 20 15353 1000
15-.06..... 40 15509 40 15&i9 20
16554 40 1f.!)0e 40 16038...:. 20
10207 40 16625*:.. -. 40 1W»6. . . : . . 40
ISSS6 \u25a0 40 18574..... 20 15837 600
19186 40 19352 20 19359 100
19464 20 19792... •• 40 IOStO ; 40
JxSVi 40 20361 . 20 20469..... 10 J
20I74::::: 4oImm::::: 10020739 40
20787 '.20 20808 -^^OIS 40
21044 4021135 21224 20
21348 20021532 MS&HJ 40
i!IS3: 'SilSS::::: lSiS.1::::: |
liiplllpiii
lISIIIPII
$fi"?3 20 24598..... 20 24022 200
14624::::: 101% $%» n *»
gig S ESI? : 4uS::jk %°o
£$& 150 25942 40 26039 23
H ::::: SI 1§iS::::: 1
I 11 1 ill |
rii ::::: S SS£:::: SS:i S
S :::: lEI SH«::::: g
lilpilllii
Hip; illii
™?% 2030553 100130642 40
1 » 111 I
iiiiiiliii
S ::::: fobi::::: *5i?:::::' JS
20 348W ... 40134934 100
1# ::::: BBSI SiSIS::::: S
Ell 3&S I «£?:::::»
11 11 11
::::: :8B»i -S::::: 8
SB:-:-::- »:... >«gg :^.v z
SSl::'i-:: : ™^ 2040 m *>
•}^n 20|402fi1..... 100 40512 40
4 4 fe-9 0 ::::: 2ooof4or^...-.. ™«™--- %
Illipi-i »:::::?
1• : ifc:::: S»§ S
Iomo"'" 20(42427..... - 100142438..... 100
iF :;: i^S-: . XSS::::: «
iv ;:;:: «::::: «S:::: IS
xt£r" ' '\u25a0' ' 10014522.-. .... 100145279 20
£55i mUwWI 20,45422 40
lVf.oS'"" 00Wn0..... 40145817 20
4^-.-.\ 20U5im:.... 20145943 40
iSSiV* •* * - 40 45970. ....•» 20146022 40
Mm] - ' " * 40 HBIBO 20146431 . . . . . 020o 20
S ;:: ;: «::::: 3SJSSS&:::: IS
401-V" 10014815.1 2014R270 20
OT"" 40 45401 20[4Sfi74 40
4SfiB7 ' 100U8778. .... ' 40|45701 40
4cc4i 2014R550. . ... 20|45»23.. . . . 20
4S<ra":: -20 48884.-: r.'. " 20|49007. 20
40084 . 500149146., . . . 40140159 40
40-M9 40|402nn. 40149423..... 40
40429.'."::: 40 405e5..... 40|4n0!1C..... '20
4«C"<>" .' 20149775 20!4»791. 100
49068* '. 20015000n..... 2015C011. . . .. 40
50091 .... .201-50345 . 20! 50.165. .... 40
50390 . 100150485 20|5C578 20
50H!U ... 20150528..... 20150020 .20
R0932 :\u25a0.\u25a0'... 100150975..... 20!5005S 40
51284 ... 20151.176 . 20151495. . ... 100
risl7 .... 20151554. .... 20151555. . . . . 40
51SCC . . 40|5in30. . . . . 20|51ft47. .... 40
R2132: ... 20ir.21.19..... 20015215S 40
52.179. 20!525D4..... 100|52727 . 40
r.2503.V ;\u25a0*-: 40)5?953...;". 40151145..... 100
51201 ... -.-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 2015.1C00. .-.-.. 2015.1723.:... .100
53828.;... 1001538.14..... 20 15.1844.:... 20
5.1860:. ..'. 10015.1550 . 20153028. .... 20
5.1990...:. 40! 541 13...... 500 54185...... 20
54212..... '40 1 154280 ::.... 2054401..... 40
54520. .... 20 54535. .. . . 100154367. .... 100
54R28. . . . . 20154067 40154C52. .... 20
C 4794.....? 401548159 . 20|54051 40
55009. . . ;. 40155157. . ... . 201^5253. .... 20
55412..... 50015571.1 20 .r.5"29...... r .5"29. . . . . 20
55749 . . 20155913. .... 20 559.18. .... 40
55041 ..... 40|5C0«9.". ... 40 -36106. .... 20
5fi22G.... . 2050454..... 20J5G569. . . .. 40
5f.595.V... 2C3C623..:.. 40156810.'. ... 20
669f1i;..-.. -20 50924..:.; 20|5G957..... 100
57C83. .';\u25a0;. -\u25a0-.'\u25a0 ;; 20107105.\:.-. 20 57145...... 40
57232. ... 1 ' v 2O 57338. .... 20 57380. .... 20
r.71fi5...../ 20 57492 . .40157»57..... 20
58129..... : -20K5;J52. .. .. 20158400..... 20
58i-M..:.. 20155748..... 500158782..... 40
55817. .'/;. 40t55006.'. . . : 201.-..502.1 40
58064..'. ..''\u25a0".\u25a0:- 40158020. ;..: 201591.10..... 200
norifit;.... :.40'5s>m« 20]5»4fi5..... 40
50546..... 20irar.ee.:... 20506R7...... 40
59020. .... 20|r)9050..... 1000 r.!K)S9 40
R0094.*.... 401C0100. :... - 20 00210...;. 20
60270.;. . . ' 1C0|C0451 ..... 20 6055». . . ;. 20
60800. . ... \u25a0 401C0814. i ... 40 60815. .... 20
60864. ...; ; 20161050. .... 20 61128. ..".V 20
61304..... lOOlflUW: .-...-\u25a0. 40 (11455..... 20
61516..... 4061523. .... 20 61580. . .. . 20
61825..... 40 62007..... 40(62250... .." 20
62260 ..-.:..'. 20 f.2444 . . . . ". \ 20! 62567 .....' 40
62. r >PO. . .".";\u25a0• 100 R2525. .: . . 4016291.1. ... . ' 20
02040. . .. : 20 «2900. .... : 20!n.111.1. . ... 200
C.1164..... :.'\u25a0'-:' 401 (i32«2:.... 20163.101. .x.. 2O
ft1513.....r i 40!«3647..;.; 40| 6.15M .';... 40
P4126..*... 20104154 20164255....:-, 20
ffl2Bl. :\u25a0; :. .* 20164.125. . ... 40164808. . . .v 20
65104. .. .. lColflslir>.\ ... 200105150. .... 4Q
651K3 40105207..... 20165245.."..' 40
fi-j.170' -\u25a0"-." 201fi5.180. ..;. 40165.1 M. 20
w.438 ..:. " "'• 40 f;r.r>oo. 40!fi5545..... 20
(WW72..... 100 «r>SSS.;.;. " 40!fiCC5R..... 100
(56168. . . . . , 40!R«225.V;. . 20J66277. . . . . 20
(56500 ' .". 40 (5fi516. .'".". . 201P«t»7. 80000
60754 ... . 20 f1fi814..... irOlfi<lS.ls.....looof>
Cfisno :... 20 RfiS23:.;;. \u25a0 iooi6nn4«.:::. 40
67158..... 20|(57210..... 20167275. .... .40
67.170. ; . . . *20 fi7412. ..... 201R7520. . ;V. 20
67R62 ; . . .' \u25a0 100 «7«<W . . : . . ' 20|fi7745 : . . . . 20
P. 7816..... 20!87852..V. . 20 G8133.. ;.".;: 40
65220.:..'. :201«5271.. ..: 20|65473..... 20
fi8C87.....-- 20!<W712..... 20! (W79-5 . . . ; . "800
rasßll.*.... 20168827...... 40168988..... 40
«ai42..::., . 20160207...:. 100160316;:. ::r>. 20
OFFICIAL NUMBERS
Drawn in the City of Mexico, Thurs
• ;v; day,: May; 25,-1905:
No Amount.l No. Amount.l No. Amount.
69372..... 100[t>y423..... Ll> M>«.oo $>
68555..... 40|«5jy00..... I!O|7C*MS -"
70126..... 20017U32S 2<>l™4l>>
70439..... 7051!) 40j7<k^...-. jj»
70€52 40 70752 40|7Cs2t> ff
71140..... 40 71210:.... 20 71404 *>
71403..... 40 71501..... 20 »U>U> ™
713J8 2071U2.5 40 71tJ4i ™
71672..... 20 72012 20 72041 \u25a0*»
72110 20|72155 20j72210 \W
72394 r 40 72873 »».726TS I<*>
72682 10073017 'Jfjf.MX j"
73094..'... 20173203 40 73241...;. -*>
73246 20173467.'.... 100J73475 £>
73811 20 73*06 20,73994.. ... M
74011..... 20 74260 2Ci<4305 j<>
74325..... 20 74410 40j74490. ... . £>
74752..... 20 74932 40,7495S IW>
75053 40 7544G 201754^8 100
75525..... 20!73628 I<*>l" s7 J£ »
75948. 20 70009 20)76229 ™
76525 100 76H40 100 76703 £>
76730.:;... 20 7659S 40|77195 -]>
77234..... 407728S 2c|7731« !*•>
77331..... 20 77440 20(77447 40
77518 40 77595 20J77G09
77805 2078032..... 20|75232 =0
78403..... • 2078483 100178630 2O
I 78926. • 30171)001.. •...- 20i79075 20
;70223..... 20[79246.'.... 20(79307..... 4t>
79314..... 40 79335. . . . . 40:78341 20
79409 20 79443...... 40[79484 40
79498..... 40J79555 40)79599 20
79648 24>'7»6rtS 40,79700 40
79765 2Q!73529 40 79566 2O
79996 401 I
APPROXIMATIONS.
100 numbers from 66.577 to 66,677. Inclusive,
belns 50 numbers on e*eh side of the capital
Of 560,000—560. , ,
100 numbers from 40,499 to 40.599. Inclusive,
beinsr 50 numbers on each side of the capital
of I20.00O— ?40. -. ...
100 numbers from 66.755 to 66.855. Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the capital
of 510,000— 520.
TERMINALS.
799 numbers ending with 27. being the last
two figures of the capital of $60,000— 520.
799 numbers ending with 49. being the last
two figures of the capital of ?2O.0O0m?2O.
,THE.\ SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, IMA^ 31, IMUS*
14
AUCTION SALES
6,0 -At Auction -6B
THURSDAY EVEMIMC,
June 1. at 7:15 .p. m.
40 head gentle work horses, from 1200 to
13CO pounds; 20 head matched teams and sin-
gle drivers, suitable for liverymen and camp-
ers, also some saddle horses and Denies; all
sound young horses. Just arrived from Oregon.
AH will be guaranteed to be aa represented.
So outside horses will be received for this sale.
Horses on exhibition Monday. Catalogues ready
Wednesday. '
WESTERN HORSE MARKET
E. STEWART &. CO.,
220 Valencia St
£* AUCTION SALE fe
WEDNESDAY. May 31. at 11 a. m.
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 527 SIXTH
STREET.
By order of Jos. Ferguson of Contra Cost*
Co I will sell 35 head of good young horses,
frcm 5 to 8 years old. weighing from 1200 ta
1500 pounds; all gentle, sound and good work-
ers; also 4 sets of double harness.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
RAILWAY TRAVHi.
Trains leave mad «»«"• *«•
faoggtr\ SAN FKA^ CISCO «
Xtpi^>< (Tool of Market Street)
LKATK- MAIN LINE. -ABBITS
7.00 a Elmlra. Vacarllle. Winters. Katntey 7-50^
7.ooa Klchmond. Henfcla. Sacramento. \u25a0
Snlsnaand Way Stations 7 20*
7.3oa YiiHeJo, >"apn, Cailsto**, San-
Rosa, Martinez. San Kamon BZOp
7.3oAXlie*. fleasaaton. Llvormoro.
Tr«ej. Lathrop, Stockton 7.20*
B.ooa Shasta Exprma —( V 1 a DitlO.
Williams, Willows. tFruto, Re 4
Btaff. Portland, Tacoma. Seattle. 7-su»
B.ooa DnvlK, Woodland. KnlghU Laadlag.
Mary«TtUe. Ororllle 7.50*
B.3oa Martlnex. Antloch. Byron. Tracy.
Stockton, Newman, Los- Banoa,
Mendota. Armoifa, Hanford. • inn.
Vlgalla, PortenrlUe i _|n»
830a Port Coita. Lathrop, Merc«d. Mo- ' "^
desto. Raymond. Fresno, Goi>ben
Sanction. Hanford. Visalia.
Bakersfleld 4 B0»
8 30a >*Ile>. Saa Jose. Llrerraors. Stock-
ton (* Milton). Valley Sprfox.
lose, Sacramento, PlacerTillo.
Colfax. MaryiTUle. Bed 81nff .... 4.20*
B.3oa Oakdale. Chlnrae. Jameatown,
Sonera. Tuolnmne and Augtln... 4.20*
9.TOA Atl untie Express— Ogden and East. 4-20P
9.30 a Richmond, Port Co*ta. .11 art 1 a ex
and Way Stations (tConcord) 8.50*
10 30AValle]o 7.60*
1030aLo» Angrle* P»uenß«r- Port
Co?t». Martteez. Byron. Tracy,
Lathrop, Stockton, Merced,
Raymond. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore. Visalia,
Bake sfield. Los Aageles 7.20»
10.30a El Pnso. Kansas Clt/. St. Louis and
Chicago 7.20*
11.00a The Overland Limited — Oirden.
Omaha, Chicago. Denver. Kansas
City 5.50»
I1.30aN"I1-s. San Jono and Way Stations. 2-50p
tl .OOp Sacramento Rlrer Steamers tl I.CQf»
3.3opßenlcla. Winters, Sacramento.
Woodland. Kofchts Landing.
MarysTll!e and 0ro»IIle 10.50 a
3.3opHayward. Nlles. and Way Stations 7.50*
\u25a0 i.COpVal lejo. Martinez. San Kamon.
K»pa. Callstoca. Santa Ro*a 9.20 a
4. 00p Nile*. Tracy. Stockton. Lodt. 10 2t>A
4.30 P Hay ward. Klles. Irtlngton. Sank 13. 50 a
Jose. Llrermore ) tII.SQA
s.oo*The Owl Limited — Newman. Los
Banoa, Mendota. Fresao, Talare,
Bakersfleld. Los AnDteies 850 a
C-OOp Golden State Limited — El Paso.
Kansas City. St Lnnls and Chicago 8.50 a
tS-3OP Vallrjo. Crockett Port Costa. Mar-
tines .«..„ 11.2t»A
tS-S^pnayward. Ntles and Saa J05e....." 7.20 a
8-00 p Hay ward, N.les and Saa Jose 9.50 a
6-OOp Eastern Ki press— Omitw. Chicago.
Denver. Kansas City. St. Loots,
Martinez. Stockton. Saemtnento,
- - Colfax, Reno, Sparks. .Momello,
Ojrfen 12.50*
t7-00* Richmond. Vallejo. PoTt Costa,
Martinez and Way Stations 11.20 a
7.oo*Reno l-a<«»euKei' — Port Co«ta. Bo-
ntcta, Sataan. Elmlra, Dlxon,
Da»ta.S-^r»mento. Sparks, Tono-
pah. Goldfleld and Keeter 7.2U*
8-05P Port Coat*. Martinez. Byron.Tracy.
Modesto. Merced. Fresno t2-20*
B.ts*Yo»emlte and M»r!po?a Bfg Trees
(ria lUymnn.'.-Wa A-oaa Route).. 8 50a
B.OSpOreicon & California £xpre»a — Sac-
ramento. Marysvtlle. Redding.
Pirtland. Pnset Sound an<l East. 8.50 a
8-10*Hayward. Nlles and Saa Jose (Sun-
dayonly) 11.50 a
COAST LINE (Marrow Uaai?.).
(Foot of Market Street.)
a Santa Cruz Excursion (Sunday
only> 9-18»
8.1 saNewark.a Newark. Centerrllle. San Jose,
Felton. Boulder Creek. Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 8-659
t2.ls*Kewarlc. Centerrllle. Saa Jose.
New Almaden. LosGatoa, Kelton,
Boulder Crock. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations t10.55A
4-15* Newark. Saa Jose. Los Gatos .... -J
COAST LINE (»roa.i «a«K«J.
PT* (Third ami Townsend Streets.)
6.10 a San Jose and Way Station* 330<t
17.00 a San Jose and Way Stations 6-40*
7.lsAMon:erey. Santa Craz £xcarstoa
(Sunday only) 10.10*
B.ooa New Almaden (Tues., FrL, only).. 4.10*
8-OQATne Coaster— San Jose, Salinas,
i San Ardo, Paso Roblea. Santa .
Margarita. San Luis Oblsp*,
Gnadalnpe, Gavlota. Santa Bar- .. «
bara, Saa Baenarencnra, Oxaard,
Barbank. Los Angeles 103 C*
B.ooa Gllroy, Holll«ter. CutrorUle. Del
Monte, Pactflo Orote, Bart,
Lompoc 13.30*
9.00 a San Jose. Tres Plnos, WsUonTllla, '
Capltola. Santa Crux, Paclfla
Grove. Salinas. Sao Lais Oblsp*
and Prlaclpa! Way Stations 4.10*
10-20* Pan Jose and Way Stations .._ 1.20*
11.30 a San Jos« and Way Station* 7.30t»
2.1 spSanp San Jose and Way Stations. 8.33 a
S.OOPDeI Monte Express— Santa Clara,
San Jose. wationTlile, Santa
Craz. Del Monte, Monterej \u25a0
Pacific Grore 12.13*
tSJJO*Los Gatos. Wright. Boulder Creek,
Santa Craz. Tta Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge f10.45A
3-30P Valencia St.. South San Francisco,
Barllngame. - San Jose, Gllroy.
<*\u25a0- Holllster. Tres Plnos 10.48 a
4-3QpSan Jot« and Way Stations t7.SSA
t5 OOP Santa Clara, San Jose. Los Gatos,
and Principal Way Stations t9.00A
15-30P San Jose and PrlnclpalWay Sutiona 19.40 a
S.4sPSanset Express— Redwood, Saa
Jose, Gllroy. Salinas, Paso
Robles, San Lais Obtspo. Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles, Demlnj.
El Pa.*o, New Orleans 8-IQa
S.4SpEI Paso. Kansas City, St. Lool a,
-Chicago 10.30*
6-45PPaJftn>. WatsonTille. Capltola,
Santa Cruz. Canrovllle, Del* tIf).ICP
Mojte. Pacific GroTO. f tlO-30*
f6-15PSan Mateo. Hervsforil, Belmont,
San Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Part. Palo Alto fS 48a
6-30pSan Jo*e and Wir Suttons 6.38 a
8-OOPPaIo Alto aid Way Stations 10.15 a
11.3CPSoatbSnaFranc!9co. Mtllbrae, Bor-
ltLgame. S*n Mnteo. Belmont.
Saa Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park and Palo Alto ....... T9-45*
tll.3o*Majfleld. Mountain View. Sunny
v«le. Lawrence, Santa Clara and
S^n Jose t9 45*
OAKcANO HARBOR FERRY
(Foot of Market SO
t 7.15 a.m. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. S. 15 p.m.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon *
tSunday excepted. JSanday only.
aSaturday only. - AMonday oaty.
. (S'opa at all stations os Sandaj. -
pppllflp To SAN RAFAEL,
||g||||g| ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
C AZADERO, Etc
< Via Sausallto Ferry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STAJTDARD OAUGK.
Depart weeit cays »t T:w, 7:43. 8:25, 9:1».
8:0 V.: 11:00 a. in.: 12:^'u. 1:43. 3:15, 4:33. S:l3.
S:SV. C:30,"T:15. 9:t»u. 10: li and 11:35 p. m.
Depart . Sundays and holidays at 7:15. 7-4 J.
S:l5. 8:45. 0:15. »:45. 10:15. 10:43. 11:15. 11:45
a. ro.: 12:15. 12:45. >:13. 1:45. 2:15. 2:45. 3:13,
3:4&. 4:15. 4:45. 5:15. 5:«. «:15. 6:43. 7:13
»t:43, . 8:15 for Sausallto only). 9:CO. 10-13.
11:35 p. m.- \u25a0 . "
. For Fairfax, week days — 7:43 a. m.. 3:13
p.' m..' 5:15 p. m. Sundays and holidays—
7:45. 8:43. 0:13. 10:13* 11:4.1 a. m.. 1:13 p m
$gjBgg!£: THROUGH TRAINS. .
7.45 a. m. daiiy— Ca^adero *anU way stations
- U:l5 a. m. Sundays and Holiday*— Point
lleyes. etc. "•'\u25a0\u25a0
U: 15 p. m. dally (except Sunday) — For Caza-
dero. \u25a0tc.: > wjßi*vqßftlSMßMSMg9^Msjg r sw
5:1." p. m. . dally (except Sunday)— For Point
Reye *. etc. "4_e4mS_a4K>Ma
,' 8:15 p. m. Sundays and Holidays for Ca**-
3ero. etc'
TICKET OFFICE— 63S Market st.
FERRY— Union Denot. foot of Markat s*.
OAKLAND ADTERT ? S ? 3FTS
~ -
OAIvLVM> lU BA_ ESTATE.
«;i;AXb AUCTION
ON Till: IVAKEFIEU) TRACT.
POSTHOXED FUOM LAST SATURDAY.
WILL SUUELY TAKK I'LACI-: SATURDAY.
JUNE S.
Tli.- grand ojieni'.is fale cf the gem of OaU-
iand> re_UeoUal property, which was tiopt-
poard from lart Saturday cftng to the in-
clenK-nt weather, will surely take place on the
Sround* next Saturday. June r..
This Iteantlful tract, which is acknowledged
to be _«« tin<>M piece «>f rosidential property in
Alamtila Courity. i^ bounded by 21st and 2id
gvw.. EaVt 21th ami E;t?t 27th sts.
It is rii-v.-cri.il tbroustaoat; cement sidewalks
arc laid in imnt of every lot and every street
is m*c&_un_«d. cutte:-pd and curbed. Tlie
\-icw ;ur:,-ii!-':f any otlu-r home site on tbe
bay thai .
Tlie now nchedule of the Southern Pacific,
poc* into operation on the nisi trf June,
will bt-ir- this property within 22 1 * minutes'
rido of San F"rsaf_co, v.ith a 2o minutea' ser-
vice and bna_ v:> to 1:"*> a. m.
It is or.iy 50 nunut»s' walk to 23d-ave.
Baatib icni I'actno station, at which 12!» train?
BtTtVi <;;u:.v. X :s <in\y S minutes' walk to
Oblitomia Copies* and c-nly tix blocks to Uar-
Cel'J sr:v^J.
Wlih (he Increased traneportation ai-1 tnc
Kr->wine jiotiu.ation. jirlfx-* 1 arf sure t-> advance
and uo better InvntmeDt couM j)c.-:rib!y !>e d*-
sirtd.
nu'.J.n? restriction* will !_«>•«»«*•» prot«t
the projiertr. uA t=a!oor.y «:li be ni!ov.-f..i. sha-1?
lT<^. E wni i»".tmtcn acd no oiT. rts w.II M
«par?d to msk* it an Ideal place for a h«m«.
r-fr't t.»kc- our word fcr It— lnvrrtl?of for
yourself— 4h«n nUpnd the auction r.est Katur-
~<l»y ar.d Uy tlie foundation for a hir:.» nr:d p.
"t^°.:-- ?l tho auction will be cne-nuart-r
<T.^ fc . Valr.nr-? (vw», tyro ard three ytnis. For
further nattlcolnn X*
G. H. VMCSE.V & CO.. 2/) Mort;n , rcry ft ..
Sar. Frpncirco.
— on —
HOTjOOMIJ. BHEKD & nANTROFT.
IQVut Thread v.-iy, Oakl3::1.
HSCRKCI.CVJ POI7SKS Z^-l^lL'—
B__CfSi.VJI!C*AXI» ! eTO_ACE CO.: jrcnfMl
movers: we havp the best vartos- v. Tv
\V<»si (tmly «*v«T»J vans uwdt. 1> >N T
MISTAKE .THE Nl'Mi'i'i:. 1010 Broadway.
O-V vvd- i-liTie V.alr. 007.
OAKI.AXX> lIOOSIS TO LKl\
TJUIVrV SIXTH. KO. Oak'.a-d— Nlcly fur-
' nivlif<l purior Iwdrocm; at* of parlor.
OAKLAND FynyrrcnE for salk.
TO-MOP.noW Hie day fcr bargains In furnitar*.
H. ?chr!ha!:!=. llth Ft., cor. bUTf. Oakland.
S.ui Francisco Adycrt'sciits
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY. 743— Handsome, renovated, furnished
;:, :> or 4 r<iurn j;pts. ; n^sular k;tch?ns: bath,
phcae, yard, etc.: rccs. to steady lieojiie.
IXll/V *::d Po!k (Uladstcne) — Elegant tunny
r;c^;^^K«"ep'^.»t apariiii^nis: 1. 'I or 3 room*
FELt> 220-^-HrMgckggplng rooms.
* FOIaSOM. 12' i:! — 2 r.icely iurni.-he<i housekeep-
ing rooms, front; alfo 2 hack rooms.
FO_tSOM. lOIHj — Large, punny. lurnished rooms
for lieht housekeeping; sas, bath. nice
trour.ds: no chi!drpn.
FoI'KTH. 225^Nic« large housoke^plng rooms;
alsn f-inei.- rooms.
KItANKLIN. 72<j. near GoMtn Gate aye. — 2
uniurr.lshed rooms; regular kitchen; gas;
bath
I*O_DE2B GATE avp., H53. The Perkins — Hpg.
nH*. : M:!tes and Fincle: modern: phone.
GEARY, 1225— A znav- » completely furnished
suite for h^usekef i ing. sunry, bath. ?15;
also t.*Tw-r<-'pm cottage, furnished. $20^
GU__RESQ. "'I s — Floor 3 d-pirablo susny fur-
niEi*il honsckeepinz : corns; gas range;
i,'"ul:s.
GUERKHftO. 1133 cr-.r. Twenty-rourth— 2. 3
sni i !'-.oirs: i'.ath. porch, piano; flO to $15.
JEi-SIIC. ;>2:; — I^argre Jront room, furnished
hfi:sf kooring : ira? raniro; s:{ and f.l 50 week.
JESSIE. *\u25a0\u25a0*. bet. Fifth and Sixth— Sunny
hcust-ke"r:n?: also single rooms: call bet.
U Knd :'. o'o'.ix-k.
JON—S. 309, neer icilis— A newly furn. front
Fu:t» : fajt l a'l <lay: large sunny yard;' a
nice home for a r<"firK<l coupie; rsforences.
McALLISTKR. 72r>— A large faroteh^d sunny
front ruosi; PUltable lor two; housekeeping
tr'vii* f~pt references.
>r.\T<!':.\. lvi rr. -»ih— 2 furnished housekeep-
iMC rocir.i-; water, vink. closets; cheap rent.
CAI-C, ]17. cr It Jagt — Complete hekj g. ; »ras
ranpe lr»f>. hot ".iath.<.!«undry. $1 I'j-J3 ZA wk
O'KAUKI-:l-L. \yS7— Frort double parlor. *ult-
rl!- tr.r MclH iK^usokecpir.*; ; bath and phone.
PIEKCE. 117. Let. Waller and Hsisht— Sur.ny
Hvrn i-'iv: [\u25a0r.viV;- .jf !it;hf tw««eke*pinc
BACSCH. 63. zic-m ro'.scm— 2 rr S h-)i sfkeep-
Ing rooms, reafor.abie; alfo large im.. $"• rm
SECOND. M' y — Nlte furr.it-licd ro«jnis; suitable
fcf 2 jrrms or fur light housekeeping.
SILVER, "'>. off Th'.ni. near Bryant — 2 sunny
flirotencal housfket ping r*ms: rent $'.».
TAYI.uH, Oil — Sunny furnished rooms, folding
tied, pas ranee. *7 and f-H.
TKHAVA. 4^l. cor. Sixth — Sunny furnished
r""!ji> for housekeeping.
TI'HIC. lir.n— Nice parlor, with u?° of piano,
for itpht h'>us€kf o iiinK: very reasonable.
TWELFTH. 2." v .-— -' bedrooms, kitchen: hot
and coM wr.trr bath.
N'ALKNCIA. 910 — Housekeeping rooms: 2 or 3
runny front cnnectlni; rooms with gas stov««.
WAflilNvriON. I<i2Tii /5 — A nice front furnished
suite, w'th kit.hm B<lJo:ning.
ADVF.RTIPKMENTS. FUbscriptlon« recrived at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church an.
AI'AtITME.VT HOUSES.
A— AINSWOKTH AI'AKTMENTS,
OOK. POST ANl> POLK.
HANDSOMELY FURN. AND UNFCRN.
tL'XNY COR. APTS.; PRIVATE BATHS;
NEW ANP MODERN: PHONE EX. 71S.
ANfeONIA APAKTMEXTS.
408 STOCKTON ST.. NEAII SUTTEU.
SELECT DOW NTOWN APTS.. 2-3-4 ROOMS:
KLRNISHED AND UNFURNISHED: LIGHT
AND SUNNY: PRIVATE BATHS: MODERN;
KEFERFNCES. PHONE EX. \u25a0>_\u25a0.
~ ~~ AINSLEY APARTMENTS.
C2O TCP.X ST.. NEAR VAN NESS AYE.
CHOICE 3-5 RM. SUNNY APTS.: PRIVATE
HALLS ANI- ISATHS: FURNISHED AN'l)
VNFVKN'PHED; FURNISHINGS AND SER-
VICK DXKXCE_C-P. F'HOSE EX. 717.
! VAN XUYS APARTMENTS.
3001 BUSH ST.. COR. JONES.
>t-room sur.r.y apartments; nlo-ly furnished:
#2S to $40: few single and tuitcs rented by
the week: r» minutes' walk to business; noth-
ing Ilk* th»m for the pric*.
MELROEE. USE Eush— 2. 3 and 4 rooms, ele-
rently furnished or unfurnished; eunny,
fteam heated, electric lights, hot water;
larKe kitchen: ntw hous*.
O'KAIinELI.. 703— Beautifully furn. modern
4-roora a;,t. ; bath: <k-rtriclty: single r.. $8.
THL: Iloswell, 1300 Pine— Four and two room
apartments fcr housekeeping; reasonable.
THE Frederick. 001 Stanyan— l to 5 rooms.
overlooking Golgen Gate P»irk: tel. Page 01C6.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Xnfurn.
, A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth et.— Room*
25c to $1 jht night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
jight housekeeping roome; open all night.
~ A— THE FREMONT.
New management; sunny rooms, i-lngle cr en
euite. ISC4 Market st-; phone Mint 3-181.
A^ THE PIERRE, 078 O'FARRELL. ~
Beautifully rurnlehed, light, sunny suite;
also _B£lc room; excellent care: low rent.
AT "Th*> Almonte," 573 Market et. (or No. l
Fifth Et.) — Itcoma. 25c to 00c. $1. $1 50 night:
-~ $1 50 to 510 week; houce open all night.
A— SAKLEIN (The), ccr. Bush tr.i Pclk; now
I open: new building; rccms; priv. baths; reas.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug etore: 2 en-
trances, H2S Market end 21 Turk — Electric
llsrhts, running water ln every room; 2uO
rooms; 25c to 50c i>er night; Jl 25 to ?:{ wc-ek.
CALIFORNIA. 720 — Room to let.
CLKII ENTINA. 070 — Large furnished front
room: eu!tal<le for two.
ICDDY. Xl— Nicely furnirhed rooms, front and
ride, frr SI Z<) r>cr week and up; phone.
FOLSCM, COS— Aurora Hou^e. finest. f.rst-cia«
it.oc<r'- rocrf.B in city; f 1 50 :o ii 50.
GALT 1j0u™,.1208 Market — Fine transient rm*.
orcce or hvz- ttns.: reas.; best loc. Mr. and
Mrs. li. T.T^walte.props. (form, of Fan Jose).
GKAIIY. 042— Sunny front rooms; single or en
tulle; reasonable.
GEARY. CCO— P.ooms to let.
GRANT* SOUTHERN. Seventh and Mission—
105 i-ooinK,-:;sc to $1 CO night: $1 50 to $7 wk.
HOTEL Hamilton. 125 Ellis— New hotel. Just
i>r»encd; clasn "A",i Fttrcl. butldinj: rtrictljr
Jireproof; , Jiiiropoan plan: telephone and
t'team beat '.:i every room: rooms without
fcath, J?l per Jay: with bnth. $1 00 to f'J; re-
duced rat*s Ijy week or month.
•
|CALirORNj A LIMITED |
|ctIICAGO T |N 3 DAYS 1
ra LEAVES DAILY ATB3O A.M. %
B WITH O\t* £RSAND _^_ L - EE _ PE _ RS gpl
Other Santa Fe Trains:
K-wJ^m'l F"<"" Stockton.' Fresno. Bakersfleld.
9 : 3o£rn.J Merced. Hanford and Visalia.
7'3o_m'i Direct connection for Tosemlt*
9 : 30a-n».j Valley and the Big Trees.
7 For Oakdale and Points on Sierra
9:30 a. m. J Railway.
4:00 p.m. For Stockton.
9 :30 a. m. \ For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
8:00 p. m. J arid Chicago.
Ticket Offices— 6s3 Market st. and Ferry Depot
San Francisco: also 1J.12 Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal. : also 27 South First. San Jose.
CALIFORNiA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
UAH-WAV COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAX FnANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 8:00, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:35. 2:30. 4:00. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:3O. 8:00. 9:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.:
1:30. 2:30, 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 7:25. 11:30 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAX FUAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:OS. 6:50. 7:35, 7:50, «:20.
»:20, 11:15 a m.; 12:50, t2:00. 3:40. 5:00,
5:20. 6:25, 6:20 p. m. Saturday? — Extra-
trip at 1 :45 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:30, 7:35. 8:20. 9:20, 11:15 a. m.;
1:45. 3:40. 4:50. 5:00, 6:20. 5:25. 6:20. T:sa
7:58 p. m. tExcept Saturdays. " •----'•.--.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. | May 1. 190 C. | San Fran.
AVeek I Sun- I Destina. I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I tlon. _days._| Days^
7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
. 9:10 a 0:10 a
S:00a 9:30 a Ijmaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p fl:00p 6:20 p.
SUOV 5:10 p 6:20 p T:2O p
i :2O p
8:50 p •\u25a0•
7:30 al 7:30 al Napa. J 0:10 al 9:10 a
4:00 p| 5:10 p| _1 6.20 p| 6:20 p
7-30~a 7--Toa 17:45 a 7:45 a
s!0Oa BioOa Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma «:20p 6:20 p
«>:10p 2:30 p and 7:20 p 7:20 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. |8:50p _^
7-30 a 7:30 a : 10:2Oa 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:20 p «:20p
2:30 p 2:30 p - 8:50 p 7:20 p
Windsor.
"•2O a 7:30 a Healdsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
?*3op 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:20 p 7:20 p
: ' . Cloverdale.
7-30 al 7-30 al Hopland 110:20 aJ10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:20 p( 7:20 p
: ~\~~. j Wllllts. T j
;:30a| 7:3oa| Sherwood. [ 7:20 pf 7:20 p
r 8-00 a| 8:00 al Guerneville and 110:20 a! 10:20 a
; 1 2;.tQ pi 2:30 pi Camp Vacation. \ s«:sop| 6:20 p
8:0.) a B:W>a| ~~~ |B:4oa| 8:40 a
5:10 i «:30a| Sonoma. i 6:0 Op 6:2oi>
5:10 pt Glen Ellen. |8:5 Op
7:SOa 7:30 a \u25a0 - - - "• 10:2Oa 10:20 a
2:30p 2:30 p SebastopoL 7:20 p 0:20 p
C:10 p 5:10 p .--..• \u25a0 -.
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and -'Mark "West Springs; at
Fulton for Burkes Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservilla .for \u25a0 Skaggs
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
vilte and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncar.
Springs Highland Springs.- Kelseyvllle. Carla-
bad Springs, Soda, Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs.Saratoga
Springs • Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Scrines. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter. Valley.
John " Day's. Llerley's." Hullvllle, Orr"s Hot
Springs. Halfway House. \u25a0 Comptche/ Hopkins.
Mendoclno -• City. Fort \u25a0 Bragg. Westport. Usal ;
at Wlllits for Hearst and Sawyer: at Sherwood
for Westport. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonville. Cunj.
mlns Be'l's Springs, Harris. Olsens, Dyer.
Garberville. Pepperwood. Camp's. Scotia anl
Fureka. < - -•-
\u25a0 Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re.
duced rates. : ' '\u25a0• ' * . " .
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all potau
beyond San Rafael at \u25a0 half rates. \u25a0
Ticket office. 650 \u25a0 Market street. Chronic!*
FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN."..
Cen. \u25a0: Manaser. •'. .... pen. -Pass Ast-
Mt.Tam alpais Railway
tT.S—rr— cisco' _jg_2 W^ - : — '• Saa rrtndseo
Vjt. Dajs Sundays '^_^^__^ Saa &ijs_ Jii.._Hji_
7:45 a Vft— J— S—bSJ 11:32 a *lU:45a
9:50 a 8:45 a ia^Ss.l^ l:02p 2:55p
1:45p 1O:15a 2 = 32p 6:22p
sitarday 12:45p 5:02p *_Tt_-day*
' Only. 2:15p / V»V 6:32p Only
4;35p 3;4Sp »Vi» GraTJty 8:32p lt:2sp
\u25a0 HCITT \ 630 Market ST.,(North Short Railroad)
ORICIS (awI Sausalito Ferry. Foot Market St. ;
HOOMS TO LET — Fiith. and Unf urn.
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN. cor. Leavcnworth
and Ellis — SCO rcoirs. nicely furnished; all
modern conveniences: lates 'from .?2 per
wetk ud.
HOWARD. 715— Rooms. 20c to $i per day;
SI .*0 to yt per week.
I HfIWAP.D. S2-J— ROOMS. ROOMS; CLEAN.
CLEAN: TRANSIENT: REASONABLE.
I LAKKIN. 710 — Sunny front room. $12; sunny
; SIB; hingle room. $5. \u25a0
1 LEAY&NWORTH, 21S— Pleasant back parlor;
running water; suitable fcr 2; rent $12 00.
j LEAVENWORTH. 712— Nicely furnished sun-
ny room: In private family; rent reasonable;
no 8-icns: references required.
I MARKET. 104^ (The Falmouth)— Sunny rms.,
$\u25a0_'. puit** S4-S5 week: h.tth. elevator: hskpg.
i MCALLISTER. 71O— Lcrge south front bay-
window room; 2 ciosetE. running water; also
t-uiny ri-oni. P'- -
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 120 Third St. — 400
flrifcie and famil} rcoms. : J ,oc to $1 50 per day;
?_\u25a0 lo $S week; the only new .nd modern
hoel ami rooming-house in San Francisco
that hitu office on ground floor: hot and cold
water electric light*, call bells, steam heat
In every rcx-m and Kives rrei- baths and ele-
vamr day and nlulit to Its pueets.
j xr.PTl'Xi: (THK).(T. POST— JUST OPENED:
ri.n; -\ntly rrn.s. puites or single
RCOMSI MOI»ERN: PRIV. SALT WATER
KATII.=. FHONE PRIV. EX.. KAST 722.
j O'KARRKU-w S3 | V Ln Pnloma — Elegant sunny
; fuit«=s aixl sirtrle icons: rca?. : fine Iccatlor
: il'l-Vi!!''.KU.. 7it;— Lartre ninny front furn.
Eiei-ve ruitp; pas, tmtli. r^^ne: sl^'> hskpi;.
i po=:T. 41C — Kandsotr" sunr<v frcit ruile, $23;
a^s » other nlre rco^ns: ri'afon;'.b;e.|
• pofiT, \','Vl. The Hit-a.mier--S-.in.rmx., .single,
on t-'uUe. hct-ccM v.-ater; hakpg. privileges.
i j:JO VISTA Ilcte!. 2*-! TMrd st.. near Howard
— New hou»\ v.-nth all modern conveniences:
rotms en fu!:e and Eincle: rates by day 60;
an 1 ! up: t'.y vctk. $2 and up.
I RO". 41. Hr>us€. r_'f: Kill.-— lncandescent lights:
reading room emckin?-rocir nntl ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. :<sc to $1 T>o; week. $2
to $S: month. $H to £JC; elevator on prcund
flier; rooms with hot and onhl water: baths.
; SIXTEENTH. 25.V5. nr Folsom — Newly fur-
nished 'iiir.ny rooms for 1 or 2 gentlemen;
frrm !f4 and upward.
I THE WALTON. 452 Ellis, nbove Jones — Cars
j.a:t> door to all part« of city; brick build-
In*? : single rooms suites: all mo'lem con-
veniences: £• to $10 per week: special rates
liy month.
; UNITED STATES; 123 Eddy. nr. Market— 4oo
rconr.s. :;. r ic to $1 night. ?1 75 to $0 week; elec-
tric lights <no gas), tunning water In every
loom; elevator, r?ad.-room; free bus. baggase.
! WINC < Hi:s ! TEn Hotel. -14 aa st.. nr. Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms:
3.'ic tc $1 50 nightly: $2 to $.s week; elevator;
eioc. ilghts: rt?a'llnfr-room: free bus. baggage.
WOI^F HOUSE. Sixth and Howard sts.— Best
known transient house in city: clean, neat:
charges reasonable: central location com-
mend* it lo traveling public: cafefattachwl:
cars pass doer. G. H. yen der Mehden, prop.
j\u25a0 \u25a0 =
ROO3IS \ViH BOARD,
EDL»Y. 112s, , ; pp. Jtfferson Park— Sunny rooms
overlooking park: location best; finest table
board, reas. rates: phone Jatk.-r.n 156.
THE UENTON. 712 Suite:-— First-class family
boleL nicely fui-nish»d: ninny FUltes and
Einfcl? rooms: c-.tccllent table board.
Old Sir-venstn Mansion. SO7 Calno'-nla St.; new
carpets and interior: exceptional, tabie: mod.
PINE. 1541 (St. Ellyn)— Nicely furnished sln-
Kl^ rooms, with or without board: reasonable.
SEWING MACIHM3S AND SUPPLIES.
3 MACHINES in one; the New White makes
lock, chain and hem stitch; has renaissance
furniture; the finest and best sewing machine
ever manufactured. See It at the White
Company's new office. 915 Market Bt.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; beet
ip cheapest: second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. IC2I Market St.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds «=*cond-hand. *3. $5. ?S: slightly
used. $10. $13 and $2w. You know where the '
dolls swing in the window. 10. r >l Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold, and repairing guaran-
t*ed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1015 Mission st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
I A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household Kocds stored.- moved, shipped. 725-
7;; i Howard ft., nr. Third: phone Grant 1611
CONKLN'S ftnra£s; lurniture and merchan-
dise; Golden Gate'& Larkln; phone East 12(3.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 21J20 Flllraore st. : phone Jackson 2SI.
PI ERCE-RODOLPH— Storage and Moving Co.
Main office. Eddy and Fillmore: tel.West S2B.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st.: tel. Main IS4Q. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
j AX exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith l'ltrnii'rr, $25; other typewriters lit
higher ami Utm r prices; rentals $2 su. The
Typewriter Exchange. 530 California st. . j
i SO-HAND typewriter* sold, renttd. repaired.
Webtier Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 50S Market.
j .
! UJI^H^LJsTERV;
Tel. South 216 — How do you sleep? Mattresses,
furniture, carpettt rtnovated and sterilized;
formaldehyde process. Rice. 1432 Howaj J tt.
UNITED STATES SHIPBUILDING COM-
PANY.
To the Hoiders of Bonds and Coupons
secured by the Mortgage of the United
States Shipbuilding Company to the Mer-
cantile Trust I'otnpany as Trustee, dated
August 11. 19C2. and not applied in pay-
ment of the purchase price on account of
prui<ert:es covered by the said mortgage and
boid upon the toreciosure thereof:
Pursuant to en order made on the 13th
day ot April. lavs. by the Circuit Court of
the United States ln and for the District of
New Jersey, in a certain consolidated cause
then pending In said Court, wherein the
Mercantile Trust Company as Trustee and
the New York Security and Trust Company
arc respectively complainants. and the
United State* Shipbuilding Company and
others are defendants, you are hereby notitied
to present t» the undersigned. Special Mas-
ter heretofore apoointeil in the above stated
cause, at his office. No. 43 Cedar Street, ln
the City. County and State of New York,
en or before the Tenth day of July. 1905,
bonds and coupons of the said United States
Shipbuilding Compary secured by the said
mortgage made by It to the said Mercantile
Trust Company as Trustee, dated August 11,
1'.»02, and held l>y ycu for the purpose of re-
ceiving any amount distributable on said
bon4s and coupons. If any such bonds oi
coupons are not presented on or before the
said Tenth day of July. 1005, the moneys
payable thereon, under the provisions of the
: *ald order, may be deposited by the said
Special Master with the Clerk of the said
Court ti> the credit of such bonds, and
I coupons.
j JAMES SMITH JR.. Special Master.
Dated May 10th. 1905.
lIBTHS — ffABBIAGES-— DEATHS!
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail vrlll not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
j indorsed with the name and residence of per-
! sons authorized to have the same published.
I Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once ln this column
I froe of charge.
BORX.
I AMOS— In this city. May 10, 1005, to th« wife
of Deneal Amos, a eon.
| PETERSON— In this city. May 28, 1905. to
the wife of Ragnar Peterson, a daughter.
| RADONICH— In this city. May 28, 1905, to the
wife of John V. Radpnlch, a tson.
DIED.
{ Ratchclder. Mrs. E.— £2 IvanUovlch. Olga— l6 m
i Bodle, Mrs. C. H.~ 30 Jacobs, Louis
Carlson. Cuas. E. — s<t Jcffres6, Annie — 26
; Thapman. Catherine— 3l Maloney. Katherlnc — 24
j <:ompton. Isabel — U4 Markey, Minerva — 23
! CummSngs. E.— 3l. Mcrks K. Harry-21.
j Drago, G. 8.— 50 liiller. Alexander— 2l
I Drobaz, Matteo — 70 'Ring, Annie — 73
i Dunck, M. E. — 11 Schwebs. Charles — 87
j Determann, Nellie Heavy, S. A. — 70
\u25a0 Finnegan. John J. — 07 Shipley, W. M. — C 7
I. Freeman, Frank — 5.1 Shuck, Oscar T. — 62
Furlong, Augustus— C7 Stßvenson. Richard — 5a
! Goiham. Clara L. — 2H Werner, Bessie,^.
j Guion. Captain L.— 7l. WiUon. Charles— 4S
j Guistl. Alfoniw — 37 Zaro, ' Mandalena — SO
j DATCHELDER— In Oakland. May 29, 1905!
Mr*. Eliza King BatchcMer, loving 'grand-
mother of Frank Batchelder of ISGS Brush
strvet. Oakland. Cal., a native of Maine,
aged S2 years. ... ? T
t-T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
I <Thun?day). at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
! lorn of the Howe Undertaking Company. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
BODLE— In this city May 30, 1905, Mrs. C.
H. Bod!e. beloved wife of C. H. Bodlc, a na-
tive of Denmark, aged SO years,
j CARLSON— In this city. May, 23." 1905. Charles
: X.. beloved husband of Amanda Carlson, and
i father of Mrs Alda Gieschen and Belle and
i Arthur Carlson, and brother of Olaf Carl-
, con. Mrs. Emma Wintrricrf, Mrs Sr-phle
I Turnblad and Mr«. Hulda and
uncle of Palmer, A. Johnson, a native cf
I Sweden. a?ed fus years 4 months and 21 day«.
E. Bolvin, and the late William, Richard
' and Laura , Ring/ a native of Ireland, aged
75 years and 8 months. -
CCFrienda and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral, to-day
(Wednesday), at 0 o'clock a. m., from her
late residence,' 2100 Greenwich street, cor-
ner of Webster, thence to St. Vincent de
Paul's Church; . corner of Green and Stelner
streets, | where a solemn i requiem \u25a0 high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 a. m. " Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.. - .
SHIPLEY— In this city. May 28,' 1905. at his
residence, 398 Missouri street, corner Nine-
teenth, William McGlll Shipley, beloved hus-
band .of the late Nellie F. - Shipley, and
father of \u25a0 Grand B.~," Katie. Levi 8.. David
B. and Jack B. Shipley, a native of Pitts-
burg, Pa.,, aged C 7 years 4 months and 16
; days.- (Tflfcoma, Wash., and Cincinnati pa-
pers_please . copy-> ' ' \u25a0 .
. E7"Frlends ana acquaintances are respect- .
fully Invited .to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from his
• late residence, 398 Missouri street, corner
Nineteenth. ' Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery; by electric funeral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
SHUCK— In this city May 27. 1905, Oscar T.
Shuck, beloved father of Mrs. Charles Bur-
dett, a native of Hongkong, aged 62 years
4 months and 26 days.
H-^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited , to attend the funeral: to-day
(Wednesday), at. 2 o'clock p. m., from the
First Baptist Church. Eddy street, near
Jones. Interment private.
SCHWEKS— In this city, May 30, 1906,
Charles, dearly beloved husband of 1 Emma
Schwebs, devoted son of Louis and Julia
fechwebs, and beloved brother of Mrs. L.
Brodt and Herman and William Schweba.
and the late Frank Schwebs, a native of
Chicago, aged 37 years 4 months and 16 days.
A member of Sheet Metal Workers' Union,
Local 279.' .
ETFrlends and acquaintances are reepect-
fu l' v Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 p. m.. from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. \u25a0.
SEAVY— In this city. May 30. 1905, -S. A.
Seavy, beloved husband of Eliza G. Seavy.
and father of Fred H., . Frank W., Lorenzo
Al Mattie H. and Minnie C. Seavy. and
Mrs. James Clendenln, a native of East Ma^
chias; Maine/aged 75 years and 27 days.
A member of Ellsworth Post No. 20. G. A.
R.. of Santa Rosa, Cal. (Santa Rosa, Cal..
papers please copy.) . < \u0084
CTFrlends are respectfully, invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at
10 o clock a. m.. from hla late residence. 12
Liberty street, between Twentieth and
Twenty-first. Incineration I. O. O. F. Cem-
etery.
S^? V . E «? ON ~ln~ In Me "lo Park. Cal., May 30,
1905, Richard Stevenson, a native of Ireland,
/ aged C 5 years.
i^ FuMral services Thursday, June 1, at
iu:dO a. m.. at late residence. Fair Oaks,
interment Cypress , Lawn Cemetery, 1:30
p_ m. \u25a0 '
WERNER-In this city, May 29. 1905, Bessie,
beloved wife of the late John Werner, and
. mother of Mrs. Kittle Kiernan, a native of
Ireland. .
/JF^ 1 " 11 * 'uneral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 p. m.. from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 866 Mission
street, between Fourth and Fifth, thence to
• bt. Charles Borromeo's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
W »f so £— In the City and County Hospital,
May 30, 1905, Charles Wilson, a native of
Sweden, aged 4S years.
ZARO-r-In Brazza, Bobovische, Dalmatia,
Austria. May 6, 1905,. Mandalena Zaro, be-
loved mother of Steve and Tony Zaro of
fcan Jose Mark Zaro of San Francisco, and
sister of Mrs. F. M. Glieubetich of San Jose,
a native of Milna, aged 80 years.
• •-\u25a0 • \u25a0• . i- :~ * 1
(Los Angeles and San Diego papers please
copy.)
E?"Frlend3 and acquaintances ; are respect-
fully Invited to attend the" funeral to-day
(Wednesday),' nt 1 o'clock, p.- m., from 413
Sutter street. oider the auspices of Tem-
plar Grove No. \u25a0 10; U. A. O. of D. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, 'by electric
car frcm Einhteenth and Guerrero streets. :
V. A. O. D. — Past Arch Association No.
I—Brothers1 — Brothers will please assemble at Druids*
Hall. 413 Sutter street, at 12:45-p. m. to-
day to attend the funeral of our late brother.
C. E. Carlson. By order of
C. F. WEDEMEYER, President.
JOE M. WOLFF. Secretary.
CHAPMAN— -In Oakland. May 30. 1005. Cath-
erine Chapman, wife of the late James Chap-
man, ar.d beloved mother of Robert. Roy,
Mabel and George Chapman of Chicago, 111.,
a native of Buffalo, N. V.. aged 3-t years.
COMPTOX— In Half moon Bay. Cal., May 29,
11)13, Isabel, beloved wife of James. Comp-
ton, and mother of A. J., F. C. and W.:H.
Compton, and Mrs. I. C. Steele, aged 64
years. .. \u25a0 , . . ..\u25a0\u25a0•,\u25a0\u25a0•
CUMMINGS— In this city. May 30. 1905. K-3-
j v.aid, dearly beloved son' of Mrs. Ann Cum-
mlngs and the late Edward Cummlngs, and
brother of Joseph, John, William. Maggie
ar.d the late Thomas Cummings\and Mrs.
Mary Welch and Mrs. Annie Streit. a na-
tive of Santa Clara County. California, aged
31 years 1 month and IS days. (San Jose
papers please copy).
in7*Frit-nds and acquaintances are re*e:t-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday). June I, at 1 p. m.. from the
parlors of Carew & English. . 29 -Van Ness
avenue. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DETERMANN— In this city. May 30, 1905,
Nellie Determann. dearly beloved wife of
Chris G. Determann, daughter of the late
Isabella Kenncy, and lovlns sister of Kate
Kenney and Mrs. H. J. Crawford, a native
of San Krancisco. (Sacramento and Grass
Valley papers please copy.)
{[^Friends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her
late residence. 4 Chattanooga street, thence
to Et. James Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her
' soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DRAGO— In this city. May 29, 1903, Giovanni
Batista, dearly beloved husband of Catherina
Drago, devoted fath#r of Louie, Annie, Sunta
and Rcse Drato, and brother of Giovanni
Drago. a native of Italy, aged 50 years and
0 months.
ETFrier.dnand acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from his
late residence, 204 Alemany avenue. N. B. —
A solemn requiem high mass will bp cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at the
Church of Corpus Christ!, Croke street, near
Mission, commencing at 10 a. m., sharp. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DKOBAZ— In this city. May 28, 1905. Matteo.
dearly beloved husband of Bridget Drobaz,
and loviner father oi. Mrs. P. W. McGlade.
a native of Dalmatia, Austria, aged 70 years.
A member of the Austrian Benevolent So-
ciety and Veteran Volunteer, Firemen's
Association of California.
ICyFriends are : respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Wednesday), at
9:15 a. m., from his late residence, 3262
Twenty-fifth street, thence to the Church
of the Nativity, Fell street.* where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, at 10 a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Officers and members of the Veteran Vol-
unteer Firemen's Association will please as-
semble at hall. 253 Jessie street, on Wednes-
day, May ol," at 9 a. m., to attend the
funeral of our late brother* Matteo Drobaz.
By order
STEPHEN BUNNER, President.
J. J. McMAHOX, Secretary.
DUNCK— In this city. May 27, 1905. Maxi-
milian Kueene Dupck, son of Jacobinn
Liunck, and brother- of Henry L. Dunck,- a-
native of Mannheim. Gcrwsny. aged 41 years
\u25a0i months and S days. .- _
tCJ^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend' the 'funeral Wedres-'
day. May 31; at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking C-im-
pany. 20 Fifth street. Cremation Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. -1/
FINNEGAN— In Oakland. Cal., May 29, 1905,
John J. Flnnegan. father of Mrs. Charles
Ziegler and Mrs. Frank Bachioni, and grand-
father of Mrs. Josie Bird, Mrs. M. McGown
and Willie and Mamie Schmidt, a native of
England, ased 07 years. .
FREEMAN— In the City and County Hospital.
May 30, HH)S, Frank Freeman, a native of
Finland, ased 53 years.- \u25a0
FURLONG— In this city. May 29, 1905, Augus-
tus Furlong, a riative ot North Carolina,
aged C 7 years. A member of James A. Gar-
field Post No. 34. G. A. R.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock P- m., from the par-
lors et- A. W-. Martin ,&-, r C0.,, 31U O'Farrell
street. Interment National"' Cemetery, Pre-
sidio.
GORHAM— In this city. May 30, 1905. Clara'
L. Gorham, dearly beloved wife of Henry
F. Gorham, loving daughter of J. J. Jordan
of Portland, Ore., and sister of Mrs. Russell*
F. Reed, and J. H.,sJ. J. and G. W. Jor-'
dan. a native of San Francisco, • aged 2S 1
years 5 months and 2:{ days. '
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:45 o'clock a. m., from the
funoral parlors of Porter and White, 423
Golden Gate avenue, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, corner of Fell and Fillmore streets,
for services. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
GUION— In this city. May 30, 190T). Captain
Leonard Guion. dearly beloved husbard of
Kate Guion. ar.d brother of the late Oscar
Guion ar.d Mr?. R. V. Mackey and Mrs. Su-
san Fitzpa'.rick, and father of Mrs. J. S.
Ross of Prcscott. A. T.. a native of New
Rochelle. N. V.. agtd 71 years and ti months.
ETFrlenils and acquaintances are re pect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
June 2, at 2 p. m. t from hia late residence.
855 Howard street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
GUISTI— In this city. May 30. 1903. Alfonce.
dearly beloved husband of Lillle Gulsti. de-
voted son of Alfcnce GuistL Sr., and beloved
brother of Mrs. S. Solary, a native of San
Francisco, aged 37 years.
IVANKOVICH— In this city. May 30, 190 D,
Olpa, deorly beloved daughter of Mre. Ivank-
ovich and ' Luka Ivankovich, sister of Elena
Ivankovich. and niece of Mike, Peter and
Stephen Ivankovich, a native of .San Fran-
clfcco, aged 16 months and- 24 days.
JACOBS— In this city, May 30, 1905, at his
residence. 322 Clementina street, Louis, be-
loved husband of Pauline Jacobs, and brother
of the late Daniel Jacobs of Brooklyn, and
the late David and Edward Jacobs of New
York, a native of Germany.
C7Remalns at McAvoy, O'Hara & Co.'a
new parlors, 2til and 271 Hayes street, op-
posite St. lenatlUs Church.
JEFFRESS— In East Oakland. Cal.. May 30,
19C5, Annie, beloved daughter of Thomas W.
and the late Annie Jeffress, and sister of
William and John Jeffress, a native of San
Francisco, Cal.,'»ged 20 years 8 months and
20 days.
MALONEY— In Berkeley, Cal., May 30, 1903,
Katherine Mary, beloved daughter, of Ellen
and the late Richard D. Maloney, and sister
of Mollie J. Maloney and the late John- B.
Maloney, a native of Menlo Park, Cal., aged
24 years 6 months and 14 days.
MARKS — In this city. May 30, 1905. K. Harry,
beloved son of Harriet Coney ar.d the . late
Aaron Marks, and brother of Martin E. and
Beatrice Marks, a native of Oakland, ag^d
21 years 4 months and 25 days.
lET Notice of funeral hereafter.
MARKEY— In San Rafael. Cal., May 30. 1905.
Minerva, dearly beloved wife of F.. A. Mar-
key, and mother of Elvera, Francis and Edna
Markey, a native of Vallejo, Cal., aged
28 yea»s 8 months and 10 days.
{C7Remalns at the parlors of the United
Undertakers, 566 Mission street, between
Fourth and Fifth. \
MILLER— In this city. May 28, 1905, 'Alex-
ander, dearly beloved son of Henry and the
late Mary Anne Miller, and brother of iMra.-
Edward D. Farrell, a native of Fort Ham-
ilton, New York Harbor, aged 21 years and
1 month. , . . '.. \u25a0 .:\u25a0:\u25a0; \u25a0
ET" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the , funeral 'to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clcck p. m..- from the
parlors of Valente, Marinl & Co., ,1524 Stock-
ton street, betwcenGreen and Union streets.
Interment National Cemetery, Presidio.
RING— In this city. May \ 29, 1005, Annie,
relict of the late Richard- Ring, -and beloved
mother of John, Edward. -.Nellie, Lizzie and
Theresa Ring, Mrs. J. Bierman, Mrs. L.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.) r
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite ' Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
. Funeral Directors and * Embalmers—^— —
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at SCO MISSION.- Tel., South 167.
! Between Fourth and Fifth. '. near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. ' - Henry \u25a0 Hansen.
JAMES McGINN &' CO.,
Formerly with Bros. . .
-Funeral Directors s and : Embalmers 1
214 EBdy st. Tel.'.East 80. -
CHAS. H.J. TRUMAN & CO.
V. '\u25a0.\u25a0'• PV9IIBAL ; DIKECTORS.
«f , ; *• 1909 'MISSION: ST..
Bet." \u25a0 15th: 1 and ,'lCth: \u25a0' Telephone ; Mission 109. •
In Odd Fellows and Masonlo Cemeteries can b*-
: -.. exchanged - for - Plots : In !'./ '. -'
MT. OLI VET OBUSTEBT
i v- For particulars apply at City Offioe,". .: t
GRANT. »LDG.. ; MARKET & SEVENTH ST3.Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
sometime* occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the eoundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus <— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lew waters. ,
TO SAIU
FROM SEATTLE.
Tf a woman .cant get a.husband to boss
she may get ; a dog that" she can • boss. [;-'\
' FRESNO," May,' 30.^-Conrad Roberts/ a
prominent resident : of \u25a0 Selma,' 1 , dropped
dead this ; morning \u25a0 at ; Sanger, : . where : he
was visiting relatives. .'",'
Drops Dead While Visiting.
Youne Man Is 'Knocked i Unconscious
\ . and Badly Burned on Back s *'
,'; ;; , ':.'.:'; and Thlgfh.
SACRAMENTO, : i May .:. SO. :•,— .Whil©
strolling^ through .the ; old Agricultural
Parklthis afternoon' Corirad 1 Harder .was
struck \u25a0 suddenly , to the ' carth 1 by; one 'of
the"S Folsom A;; power.' Klines 'r > partihaf.
overhead.- He -. was ; rendered ; uncon,*
scious j for : hours and iwaa ; horribly
burned" lh» the" back : and along the" right
thigh. t v The ? wire ."carries k, 1 0,000^volts.'
Dr."- Fay,'. who attended Harder," statea he
believes the ' young I : man-^will recover ' "
Two-Y ear-Old : Son ; of .Uarynville Blan
• Rolls Into Creek -and Is ';'\u25a0
-. .:"•' 'jprotyned. \u25a0> ' ;
MARYSVILLE.May 3O.~The body of
little Harry Scheuman, the" two-year*
old son of ;Wall Scheuman, . was; found
in a creek . near Wheatland thismorn
inir. : The'boy 1 fell": JntoTtheJ creek; and
was drowned- during the absence of ; his
father. The mother is sick In bed and
could not i j save .the - little - fellow, al
though she' heard " him;- scream as he'
fell 'and rolled ; into" the "water. ': i
SICK 31 OTHER" HEARS 'BOY
CRY AS HE FALLS TO DEATH
LIVE ELECTRIC WIRE DROPS \ \u25a0/.;
ON STROLLER" IN SACRAMENTO
TJKIAH, May3p.— The 7 o'clock Wil
lits; train crashed -into '-the 'Palace Hotel
bus this morning and converted : it into
kindling wood" in' short" order.;, TV. 1 : G.
Price, who .was .riding In the rear: of
the vehicle, 'when'almost in front. of »the
engine 'saw ;.theUrain;and^attempted I ' to
jump out, but' was ; caught r just ;as},he
reached the step'and was hurled nearly
fifty feet J and was probably; fatally] inf
jured. The bus driver; heard; the: train,
approaching and ,2 thought ;he v cc-uld
make t the: crossing, before the, engine
got there. He i escaped : uninjured.' f '
Front of Engine Cause
: /,.* o|_ Disaster.
Driver's Attempt to Cross Track iv
Tuesday, May 30.
Ital war ttmr Umbria, Corsi, \u25a0 Puget Sound.
Stmr Maggie, Whitney, Halfmoon : Bay. : -
Stmr Cocs Bay. Micolson," San Pedro,* etc. :
Stmr Cella, Hansen. Port Harford.
Stmr Umatllla, Nopander. Victoria, etc.
Etmr F. A. . Kilburn, Thompson, Portland,
etc. • \u0084'-\u25a0'= \u25a0\u25a0 . \u25a0\u25a0 ,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-
Btmr Helen , P. -Drew, Gunderson, Green
wood. **
Etrar Gipsy,' Leland,. Monterey. - \u25a0 •
Stmr Centralla, Ericsson,- San Pedro.
Stmr Bee, Krog, Seattle. .-'.*.
Bktn Andromeda, Tu'rlolV Eureka, In .tow"
tug Bea Rover. . " -. " \u25a0 ''• >•' ;
Echr Cor.fianza, ' Chlemene, Notleys Landing.
Schr Vine," Dannevlg;': Point -Barrow. . \u25a0 \u25a0
Schr A. B. Johnson. Eegelhorst, \u25a0 Grays Har
bor. \u25a0>;\u25a0. ' .'\u25a0/ '
SAILED.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, May 30.
Stmr Curacao, Paulsen, 12 days from Guay
mas, via Ensenada. 4S hours.
Stmr Cella, 12 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, 19 hours from Eureka.
Etror Centralla. Ericsson. «J3 hours from
Grays Harbor, . bound for San Pedro, put in to
land passengers.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, 28 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Asuncion, Bridgett, 22 hours from Port
Harford. up river direct.
Stmr FfQUola. McClement, 75 hours from
Willapa Harbor.
Stmr Maggie. Whitney. 4 hours from Half
moon Bay, in tow tug Sea Fox.
Bktn Echo, Larsen. 5 J ,£ days from Willapa.
Tug Sea Fox. Sunstrom. 4 hours from Half
moon Bay. with stmr Maggie in: tow. • \u25a0:
Schr Albion, Olsen, 6 days from Coquille. -
Schr Ida McKay. J>ethola, 5 days from Eu
reka. . -
Schr Soabie Christensen, Lunvaldt, 5% day*
from South Bend.
Schr Bessie X, Bash. 10 hours from San
Vicente Landlnr.
Schr Glendale. Gronwald. 10 days from Ta-~
coma. . :"
TRAIN STRIKES / HOTEL c BUS J ; , /"V ,
AND' (INJURES PASSENGER
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Branch Hyfirwrraphic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
May 30. 19C5.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building: was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1 c . at noon of the ;i2oth meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
To\rm Vcnsel North.
The tug Sea Rover left yesterday, tow
ing the barkentine Andromeda and the
barge Lakme, bound for Eureka, where
they go to load lumber. The Lakme has
recently been transformed from a steam
schooner to a lumber barge.
Puts In to Land Passengrera.
The steamship Centralla. sixty-three
hours from Grays Harbor, bound for San
fedro, put into port . yesterday to land
passengers. She put to sea again late
yesterday afternoon.
Mascle Breaks Her Wheel.
The steamer Maggie broke her wheel
at Half Moon *say yesterday and the tug
Bea Fox went down to tow her back to
Umbria Pnta to Sea.
Tho Italian cruiser Umbria, which has
been here about a month, sailed for Van
couver, B. C, yesterday.
Chlnn Dae on Monday.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company's
Etcamship China sailed from Honolulu
for this port yesterday. She is due to
arrive here next Monday.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time aud Helght.of High end Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance u» San Francisco
RBay. Published by official authority of tho
Superintendent. .
XOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front CMisslon-street wharf) "about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point- the height
of Ude is the tame at both placet.
"WEDNESDAY, MAY 31.
Sun rises 4 :48
Sun eets 7 :23 p . m
Mocn rises 3:23 $_ m _
C ITlmer iTlmel ITime Time :
£ — — j rt. [ rt. Ft. Ft.
!» IL W) lH w| JL W HW|
81 314 l 0.8 10:35 4.2 3:IC 2.4 9.-3(5 55
1 4:15 0.+ 11:22 4.3 3:54 2.7 10 00 sfl
2 4:51 0.0'I2:05 4.3 4:22 2.8 10 25 SO
3 5:28—0.3 12:48 4.0! 6:12 2.8 10 67 66
4 6:07—0.4 J :32 4.5; 5:55 3.2 11:35 6«
5 6:45— 0.5 2:15 4.6 6:42 8.2....
6 io:l7| 5.517:31—0.4 2:58 4.7| 7:38 3.8,
XOTE — In the above exposition of it* 'dde»
the early mornlnr tide* are given In the left
band column and the euccesalve tides of the
<!ay In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column elves the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tldec. oa ;
Steamer. Destination. | I Sails.
ExceJelor..^.. Eeward & Way Port*.. June 1
Tampico Nome & St. Michael... June 1
Olympia Nome & Pt. Michael... June 1
Ohio..' Nome & St. Michael ... I June 1
Senator... Nome & St. Michael... I June 1
Fara110p. .'....! Skagway & Way Ports.! June 2
Oregon '.'... Nome &. St. Michael. ..JJune 3
Jefftrscn...... Skagway & Way Ports-IJune 4
Victoria Nome & Bt. Michael... ! June : 4
Ccttsge City. . Skagway & "Way Forts. (June 5
Edith Nome & St. Michael... I June 8
Dolphin... Skagway & Way Ports. [June 10
SAN BERNARDINO, May 30.— Charles
Bunce, a prominent member of. the local
lodge of Elks, r lost' his left arm and right
hand this afternoon 'under. the wheels of
a ' train ' to '\u0084 Riverside ;he was ' trying to
board. He ,was ' to play a game of basof.
ball at 'Riverside "'with; the Elks' team.
The train was pulling out when - Burice
ran to catch it. He stumbled. when" seV;
eral feet '*'frpm""'the' track rand he threw
his hands forward Instinctively to guard
himself." His " momentum « was so great,
however, that I ho" slid "iunder one of the
cars arid the .wheels passed over, his out-"
stretched arms. ?: ':\u25a0'£\u25a0\u25a0' S'i \u25a0 - -' "." ' •'\u25a0)"?..
Bunce v came here about seven months
ago from . Lander, ; Wyoming^ where '^; his
family owns a- large ; cattle -ranch;', '-f^:'^
Special Dispatch to The CaJL
Xevadan to Sail To-Morrow.
The American-Hawaiian Steamship
Company's steamship Nevadan, Captain
J. S. Greete, will eail for Honolulu and
Kahului at 2 o'clock to-morrow afternoon.
Runs to Oatcli Train, Stum
bles and Slides Under ;
Moving Wheels.
MEMBER OF TIIE ELKS
LOSES AEM AND HAND
News came yesterday from Liverpool
that the British ship Glenburn was
spoken December 11, 1904, in 34 deg. south
and 127 dcg. west. This would place her
about several hundred miles off Valpar
aiso at that time. The Glenburn sailed
from this port October 25 for Liverpool.
She is now out 212 days and quoted in
the reinsurance list at 90 per cent.
Gl«nbarn Heard From.
The visiting team of Santa Cruz cricket
ers sustained its third' successive defeat
on the Alameda ground yesterday,' the
Pacific eleven beating it by sixty-two runs
with six wickets to spare. The Santa
Gruz men went to the wickets first, but
only Jenkins (21) and . McNamara (10) ob
tained" double figures. * The total for the
innings was : seventy-two • runs. Wilkes,
Bowty arid' Taylor took two wickets each,
Cassldy three and fc,iuott one." For'the
Pacific eleven Wilding (49 not. out)" and
Elliott (45) rendered good : service, as did
Sowly (28). Before 1 the *f all' of the second
wicket the total' of the Santa Cruz team
was^passed. Six of the Pacific team did
not "go to the' bat. McNamara and Ban
ner . captured two wickets " apiecel The
totals follow: \^
Santa Cruz Cricket and Athletic Club—
C. X.' Turner, c. Bowly, b. . Wlckes : . ; . ; .-. ... 4
H. : H. DaTies," c. ' Jamieson; : b. : Bowly ' 6
C. S.-HarUwick. b. Bowly.. 2
A. Jenkins, b. Elliott : r..... .....:....:.... 21
A. McNomara; c, Storrs, b. Tay10r......... 10
E. F. Hilton, . b. Taylor : 2
J. ' Richar Json, c. Storra, b." Casldy ........ 4
E. H^Pay.'b. Wilkes .....;...;........;.. 6
C. Banner, c. Wilding, b. Casldy ........;.. 8
8.-*Sbarpe, c; Elliott. B. Casidy ........... .;
A. Owen, not 0ut*"....;;....... ..............
Byes 5.: leg byes 4r.wldo 1, no ball 1. ....... 11
Totals 72
Runs at the fall of each wicket— One for. 11,
two \u25a0 for \u25a0 18, thre» : for • 13. . f our^for ' 38,' • five . for
42, six for 57,'. seven for 63, eight for 72, nine
for 72. ten" for'72.-^ "'-. ! - - • ; : : \-. f \u25a0
"SUMMARY OF BOWLING. ,
< .i: ..:•»'-'\u25a0. ' -.; : Maid-' 1 ' -\u25a0 Wick
\u25a0 -Bowler— A '-,'-'\u25a0• Balls, ens. Runs. ets.
Wilkea 08 » 0 .2
Bowly VV.:;.:. '....'•; -.78 5 17 2
Jamiexon ......... .".'42 a 11 :.
Tay10r".. ......."..... 78 5 10 .2
Casldy..... ../.f.42: .1 . '15 \u25a0' .'3
Elliott .... .-. . . ,^. .' 18 2 - 1 : 1 .
"Pacific Cricket Clvb —
E. - H.i Wilkes. c. 'Da'vies, b.' McNamara. ... 2
H; D Bowly \u25a0c. Davtea, b." 8anner..."...... 2S
H>- R. EUlott. . b. Banner. .45
A- W - Wildlns.''. not out . ; .'.'. .;.."... 49
W Petherick, 5 - b. ' McNamarn. ; : . . . . 8
H." C: C*»ldy. ' not out \u25a0. . . . ............ f .'.... j 2
Total for four wickets .llSi
'\u25a0 J>. B." Jamie*on. \u25a0E.-H. - M. Lannowe, Dr.-. O.
N."Taylor,"-; N.' l>ogan and H. . N. < Storrs did not
- Runs *t the fall of each wicket— One lor 4,
tworor.7sr.three for BO."four for 107.
-\t v 'SUMMARt OF. BOWLING. --'\u25a0£}',
: \u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0.. • :^r T ~T-~*~ \u25a0 \u25a0:?-. "Maid- "•"-"- .Wlck
- Bowler— ' Balls. ens. : Runs. ;«s.
Hartwlck ........... 48 •• '•\u25a0\u25a0- 17 ..-'-'
Turner. ....ii"....-. 2+ .. •35 ..
Banrg; .v:....-v-Vg 1 « > 2
•\u25a0>'- : r'^ -(AMERICAN.) '"• "
At Clov.lax.d--- :.:• - R
,?«• fi^J 11 "-. -v - . (NATIONAU) '-• \u25a0\u25a0 '' \u25a0
irAt W.y ; Tp^ -,- --T- :\ :R . E.
g^fe^#i:;:-::;j:H>:l:C:»';u; ":?
FALIjS r * THROUOH - r - BARN FLOOR
" "ANJD IS; iciCKJBD 'OUT* BY/HORSE
Queer Accident «#, Ke» wick Results In
.\u25a0"\u25a0 *""''.' th'eT Serious . Injury' o* /'a'-'. ! *
7 r -, Stableman. : r ~~~- "..
\u25a0: REDDING, May*<"3o.-^Paul 3 Zeipp^ fell
through i the : floor ., of .•; a * stable: at ? Kes-.
wick lasteyeßinfr.^ A horse kicked him
ten \1 «et*: through % anYopen i door," break
ing: his "collar - bone .and \ Inflicting /other
injuries. I.'1 .' ' ' : ''r" : \u25a0'* ' ;>' _•'.\u25a0'••-- 1^ :
Pacific Cricketers Defeat^
Santa Cruz Visitors in
Third Match at Alameda
. A telegram from Melbourne, dated
May 18, reports that the contract for
repairing the British ship Peter Iredale
has been let for the cum of $1510. The
Iredale was from San Francisco, and on
May 10 was In collision with the British
ship Combermere. The Iredale had her
etarboard quarter stove ' in, frames
broken and chain plates and rigging
carried away.
Contract for Repairing Lei.
SEASIDE TEAM
IS OUTPLAYED
Generally cloudy '. weather' prevails over j the
Pacific Slope except In the ' Interior of North
ern California and in Southern California,
where It is clear.' Light showers are; reported
from the eastern portions of Washington and
Orcgpn and from Idaho and Western Montana.
Thunderstorms have occurred at -Walla Walla
and Pocateilo. .\u25a0.,;•
\u25a0 The 'changes in . temperature and pressure
have been slight In all districts. I ' • ; .
Forecast mad* at San ' Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight,: May 31:' , - r
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Wednesday; "light west i winds. \u25a0 ,_ • ,- .
Los Angeles and vicinity— Fair' Wednesday;
light west winds. - : \u25a0 ; \u25a0 '
Sacramento -Valley — Partly cloudy Wednes
day; light south winds. • '
San Joaquln Valley— Fair Wednesday; light
north winds.
Coast— Partly cloudy Wednesday; light west
winds. '
Foothills— Fair Wednefday.
Mountains — Partly cloudy - "Wednesday.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecaster.
WEATHER CONDITIONS \u25a0"•\u25a0' AND' GENERAL
', FORECAST.^:; ;.-;-;
Steamer. Destination. 1 Sails.! Pier.
May 31. I*l
Chlco Coquille River 6 pm Pier 2
City Panama N Y. via Ancon.. 12 \u25a0 m Pier 40
M. Dollar... St. Michaels direct 2 pm Pier SO
C. Nelson... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Breakwater. Cooe Bay direct... 5 pm|Pier »8
Arctic Humboldt 10 ainjt^ier U
Sea Foam... Point Arena '.'. 4 pm|Pier "2
June 1. j
Corona 1 Humboldt l:3op!Pler 9
State of Call Pan Diego & Way. 9 amlPier 11
N. Fork ! Humboldt spm| Pier 20
Columbia (Astoria & Portland 11 amlPier 24
G. Lindauer. Grays Harbor .... M p:n!±\er 2
Nevadan Hono. & Kahului. 3 pm Pier 23
j June -. I
Argo I Eel River Ports... 5 pmlPler 2
June 3. i
IJ. F. Plant. ! Coos Bay 4 pmlPier 11
Pt. Arena...! Point Arena 4pmjPier'2
Poao ;Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
S. Barbara.. Seattle & Olympia. 2 pm'Pier 2
Aztec 1 Ancon & Way Pts. 12 m Pier 40
Bonita ' San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Valencia Nome & St. Mlch'l ...... Pier —
Zealandia... Nome & St. Mlch'l ...... Pier —
Peru N. Y. via Ancon... 112 m Pier 40
Sequoia Willapa Harbor ...14 pmlPier 20
June 4. \u25a0'"\u25a0.\u25a0 J- s i
S. Rosa San Dieso & Way. 9 ami Pier 11
Pomcna Huroboldt • \u25a0 l:3op[Pier 9
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 ami Pier ' 9
' June' 5. I
Norwood Seattle ....."..•'..-. 2 pmlPier 2
June C. -I I
Itauri Hamburg' & Was. 12 mlPier 19
St. Paul .(Astoria & Portland|ll am|Pier 24
June 7. ? I ' . :
Mongolia China & Jaran .... 1 pm Plfr 40
Curacao Mexican Ports \u25a0••• 10 am Pier 11
June 8. '
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts 2 pin Pier 7
Rainier Seattle & Blr.ghm. 4 pm'Pier 10
June ». I
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am]PJ»r 9
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 30-f-5 p. m. >
The following are the seasonal rainfalls .to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season, and the rainfall in the last'twen
ty-four hours: ' : : : ' \u25a0 " '
Last . This 'Last
' Statlons-7- 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ./. o.oo' 32.76 ,64.66
Red Bluff 0.00 33.63 31.52
Sacramento ;. 0.00 ,21.98 16.87
San Francisco 0.00 23.45 20.58
Fresno ........... O.CO 12.08 - 8.04
Independence 0.00 -3.99 2,59
San Luis Oblspo.. 0.00 23.63 16.99
Los Angeles 0.00 . 19.49 8.72
I San Diego .:." 0.00 14.81 4.40.
COAST RECORD. ' = " \u25a0
' ' -' a '-^ ' S \u25a0 0' w> • -'s
STATIONS.' | If'?! fl" l^ 1
Baker .......20.94 76 42 HE Cloudy .00
Carson .20.52 72 44 8W Cloudy .Q0
Eureka 30.02 HO 54 N Cloudy .00
Fresno :29.8<5 84" 54 ,W • Clear .00
S. E. Farallon.3o.ol f>S 51 W : Cloudy .00
Flagstaff- 29.92 74 32 S ' Pt.Cldy .00
Independence .29.82 SO 52 SE Pt.Cldy '.00
Los Ange1e5.. 29. 96 72 50 w: Clear. " .00
Mt Tamalpalß.2».fK) 62 50/ SW Cloudy .00
North Head.. 3o. CO 54 52" NW Cloudy .04
Phoenix 29.78 96-52 W Clear. .00
Point Reyes. 129.98 59 .49 . NW Cloudy .00
Pocatello ...:80.04 70-44 E Clear .14
Portland 29.92 78, G6 : SWv Cloudy .08
Red Bluff.. ..20.90 80 50 SE j Pt.Cldy. .QO
Roeeburg 29.92 72 54 N Pt.Cldy .00
Sacramento ..29.90 76 48 S Clear .00
Salt • Lake. :ik 6s M 78 .. SE \u25a0 Cfoudy .00
San Franclsikv'W.o2^6o"- 50- W .• Pt.Cldy .00'
s: clj.c 1j. Oblep67:3«.'ti2 62 46 -NW. Clear .00
San Dieg0;.:. 29. 94 68 5B W Pt.Cldy .00
Seattle .. . .. .':29.98 '72 ,52 N = Pt.Cldy -.o«>
Spokane 29.98 78 :48 '. N Pt.Cldy .00
Tat005h "..:;.;.?.!). 02- 5« 4S V -SW i^Clpudy /.OQ
Walla Walla. 2o JOi 82 54 .NE. Rain T.
Wlnnemucca .29.84 78 46 SW Clpudy .00
Yuma .......29:7S 94 62 W Clear .00
Tug Sea Fox, Sunstrom, Halfmoon Bay.
Tug Sea Rover, Thompson, Eureka, with
barge Lakme and bktn Andromeda in tow. '
Barge Lakme, Ramelius, Eureka, In tow tug
Sea Rover.
OUTSIDE BOUND IN— l2 MIDNIGHT. .
Schr Commerce. " -.• :-f-' f fi
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 30, 10 p. m.— Weather
clear; wind NW; velocity 8 miles per hour.
SPOKEN. ( '
Dec 11— In lat 34 S, long 127 W, Br chip
Glenburn, hence Oct 26. for Liverpool.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived May 30— Stmr Pomona,
hence May 29; etmr Roanoke. hence May 29.'
EUREKA— SaiIed May 30— Stmr Roanoke,*
for Portland. " • : k> •
POINT REYES— Passed May*3o. 8:15 a m—
Stmr Centralla. from Grays Harbor, for San
Francisco . ' \ ' '
Passed May 30. 5 p m — Schr Commerce, from
Port Blakeley. • for San Francisco.* j
BELLINGHAM— Arrived 'May 30— Schr Wil
lie Hume, from Port Blakeley. .
SEATTLE— Arrived May 30— Stmr Jeanle,"
from Un^a: :"\u25a0
•Sailed May 29— Stmr Santa ClaVa, for Val
dez. ' v'.-\-v;-:::-.' •\u25a0•/\u25a0. . \u25a0-.*-.; . • ' ;»-\u25a0• -
Sailed May 30-rStmr Leelanaw. for Treid-'
well: stmr Dolphin, for Skagway. '"",-'^:
* Arrived May 30— Stmr Farallon. from Sk»g
way. 1.3 ' •,\u25a0,..... :
KEDONDO— Arrived May 30— Stmr Nor
wood, hence May 28. ;.• . '<-i \u25a0 rf \u25a0
ASTORlA— Arrived May 30-^Stmr Aurella
and steam yacht El Prlmero, hence May 27..
Sailed May 30— Stmr Aberdeen, for San
Francisco; stmr Alliance, for Eureka.
Sailed May 30 — Stmr George Loomia, for San
Francisco; etmr Toledo, for Grays Harbor.
BANDON— Sailed May 30— Schr Advance,
for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed May 30— Stmr Czarina
and schr Jessie Minor, for San Francisco.
* Arrived May 30— Stmr Aberdeen, hence May
PORT LOS • ANGELES— Arrived May 30—
Stmr Coquille River, from San Pedro.
Sailed May. 30— Stmrs Robert Dollar and Co
"qullle River, for San Francisco.
TATOOEH— Passed in May 30— Stmr laqua,
hence May 27. for Seattle.
SAN PEDRO— Arrivd May 30— Schr Colum
bia, from Everett; stmr Alcatraz. from Green
wood. "
PORT HADLOCK— Arrivd May 30— Stmr
laqua, hence May 27.
WESTPORT— SaiIed May 30— Stmr Westport
for ban Francisco. .-:'-..-
FORT BRAGG— Arrivd May 30— Star Na
tional City, hence May 29. . *
PORT HARFORD— SaiIed May 30— Stmr
Santa Cruz and stmr Itoniia, for San Fran
cisco. '
ISLAND PORTS. ;
MANILA — Arrived May 10 — Ship Kenllworth
from New York i May. | May 28— Stmr Lewis
Luckenbach. from Norfolk. /'
Sailed May 13 — Br etmr Claverley, for — — '
HONOLULU— SaiIed' May SO— Stmr China*
for San Francisco. . ;.
FOREIGN PORTS . : / * '.}
ANTWERP— Arrived May 27— Fr bark Jules
Gommes, from Oregon. "
COLOMBO— Arrived prior May" 29— Br stmr
Yangtsze. from Clyde, for Vancouver.'
GREENQCK— Arrived May 29 — Br ship Ac
amas, frdtn Eureka. > - :
HAMBURG — Arrived May 26 — Ger stmr Sax
onia, henco Jan 7. May 27— -Ger stmr Neko
hence Jan "22. .''l:.,','.
PORT PlRlE— Arrived. May 29— Br ship En
gelhorn, from Port Blakeley.
SINGAPORE— Arrived prior May 29— Span
stmr Alicante, from Liverpool, for Manila. May
27— Stmr J. L. Luckenbach, irom Norfolk for
Manila. . \u25a0
COLON— Sailed May 20— Stmr Seguranca for
New York. : \u25a0 •. •. r
BRISBANE— SaiIed Apr 10— Ship Paul Re
vere, ' for Manila. ; • .."•--.• \u25a0. -,
HULL— In port May 16-tFt ship Desaix, for
San Francisco,- via Tyne. \u25a0 •
HAVRE— In port May 17— Fr bark Amiral
Courbet, for San Francisco, ' via Wales -
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed : May • 13— Br' stmr
Queen Louise, for -.
MOJl— Sailed May 18— Br etmr Indramayo.
for Kobe. ' . \u25a0• ' •- , \u25a0
PORT SAIDr-Arrived May 30— Br strar
Auchenblae/ from New York, for Manila!
VICTORIA. B. C— Arrived May a6^-Br Btmr :
Emprees of Japan, from Yokohama,' etc " \u25a0'
PICHILINQUE ' LA" PAZ— In ' port May 20—
U S light Bhip No. S3 and -relief ship No.' 76,
both bound irom New York,- for San' Fran- '<
clsco. .-...,. \u25a0• .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived May". SO— Stmr Zeel
land, from Antwerp; stmr'Mesaba, from Lon
don. •\u25a0•• \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0- \u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0• < :\u25a0-/:\u25a0 .••.,,->;\u25a0.;
.Memoranda.'.
Stmr Maggie broke htr whfeel at Halfmoon
Bay. Tug Sea Fox has left' to bring her to
San Francisco. \u25a0
tier yacht Hamburg- passed v Bishops ~ light
ship May 30, 0 am; vessel almost becalmed "
NAGASAKI, May 29.— 8r stmr Athenian ar
rived here ' to-day and .' reports :on 'May .28
passed a Russian i converted cruiser proceeding
in the direction of Shanghai.' ' .
: LONDON." May 28.— PunU Arenas, date May
17, reports .that "Br. stmr.'Cumbal, previously
reported;, detained at -Punta Arenas in conse
quence 'of locomotives and : other • heavy pieces
in main hold. r "" "- -•'.•-:. ' \u25a0 .
MELBOURNE.- May 18.— Reports repairs to
Br ship Peter Iredale, previously reported dam
aged in collision, let by contract for £302.
Staamer From. P ue -
South Bay San Tedro May 31
i Chas. Nelson.. San Pedro May 31
i Hathor Hamburg & "V%"ay Ports. May 31
Roanoke San Pedro May 31"
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. May 31
Tricolor 4 Oyster Harbor .... May 31
Peru New York via Ancon.. May 31
Nome City 1 Seattle May 31
Czarina Coos Bay May 31
J. Hlpglns san Pedro May 31
Bonlta San Pedro & Way Pts. May 31
Queen KPuget Sound Ports May 31
Sequoia Willapa Harbor May 31
E.Barbara Seattle & Olympta June 1
Argo Eel River Ports ...... June 1
Santa Rosa... ! San Diego & Way Pts. June 1
Porno Point Arena & Albion. .! June 1
Pt. Arena Mendoclno &. Pt. Arena, June 1
M. F. Plant... coos Bay & Pt. Orford.jJune 1
Del Norte Crescent City .iJune 2
Pomona Humboldt IJune'?
Itaurl Seattle -. ' Jure 2
St. Paul Portland & Astoria I June 3
San Juan New York via Ancon.. lJur.e 3
Rainier. Seattle. & Belllngham.jJwre 3
tea Foam...- Mendocino & Pt. Arena! June 4
Arctic Humboldt J.lJune 4
Breakwater... Coos Bay |June 4
Coos Bay Newport &. Way Ports. l June 4
S.Monica Grays Harbor IJune 4
State of Cal...' Ban Die;o &• Way Portsi.-une 5
City Puebla. . .! Puget Sound Ports IJur.e 8
Nebrapkan \u25a0 Honolulu & Kahului. . . June 5
F. Kllburn ' Portland & Way Ports June 6
China. J China -& Japan .-,... June 6
City Sydney. . -'New -York .via Ancon. . I June 7
Columbia j Portland & Astoria IJune 8
Centennial I Seattle ;& "Tacoma IJune 9
TUG SEA ROVER TOWING BARK
ENTINE ANDROMEDA AND THE
BARGE LAKME TO 'EUREKA. '
Weather Rexiort.
•William- S..Fre« to John W. Cameron, lot on
N line of Broadway 101:9 E of Polk etr«et.
E 26:«J by N 131:0: $10. . '
Frank D. and Virginia Pellcano to Frederick
Xj. Hanaen, lot on E Hot et Franklin stre«t.
2tt S ot Greenwich, S 53 by E 100; $10.
C&th«rln«, and Joseph Cullen to Matthew I.
Sullivan, lot on N line of CFarrell street. 87:8
E ot LagTina,-E 25 by N 120; $10.
- Matthew I. Sullivan to Catherine and Joseph ,
Cullen, same, quitclaim deed; $10. '
City and County of San Francisco to Edward
T. and Mawruerite E. Murray, lot on S lln«
of Fell etreet, 164:6 E of Webster. E 25 by S
120; > . • - : :
Same to Michael A. Breuss, lot on N line
of California stre«t 180:9 W of "Webster. W
25:6 by N 132:7%; i- — .
"Daniel and Elisabeth D. Van Denburgh to
Van Denburgh Company, lot on NE corner of
Turk and Scott streets, E 62 by >J- 100:6, E
28, N 28, W 90. S 137:6;a150 lot on NW Uno
Of Market stf««t. 250 SW of City Hall squir*.
BWSO by:NW 200;" also lot on N line of Po«
street. 437:6 W of '\u25a0 Gongh. W 137:6 by N
187:6; also lot on S line of Post street. 247:6
W-of Ck)UKh, W 27:6 by S 137:6: also lot on
S nne of -Turk street. 32:0 E of Scott. B
25 by S 120; also lot on E line of Ninth ave
nue, 160 S of C street. S 100 by E 120; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to 8J I*.
M.Starr and wnilam Mijoser.-lot on SW cor
ner, of Turk and Pterce streets, W 25 by S 95;
- Catherine H. Leavltt, Anna Pag» and Jen
jile. to Frederick Kronenbere, . 50
vara lot 1, on NW ~cbrner"of "Devlaadero and.
Fulton streets; $10.
"\u25a0 Ellen Dalton to James and Hannah Carroll,
lot on E line of Baker street. 150 N of Post,
N 25 by E 100. and lands adjolnlngr; $10.
! C. C. I. Boze to William Miller, lot on W
line of Wood street. 146:8 N of Point Lobos
a.venue. N 50 by W 120; $5000.
George P. land Charles ..S. Healey. Bertram
H.VHealey ' and' Mary D. Arnold (Healey) ; to
Mary D. Arnold (Healey). lot on W line of
Cole street. 100 S of Hayes. S 25 by W 103^6;
also lot on S line of, Fell street. . 125 W of
Broderlck. W 25.by S 137 ;6; $ —^-; ...
'Same to George P. Heatey, 1 lot on B line of
Col*" street. &5 S of Frederick." S 27:6 by E
105:7^.1 N 25, W 25:7%. N 2. W 80; also
lot on: N line of Precjta avenue. 60 Wof dl
vlclon line of lota 86 and 87, N 100 by W 25;
, S kf? c , t0 Cb * Tl es S. Healey. lot on NW line
of Mission street, 1132:6 NE of Twenty-ninth
NE 26, NW 132. SW 26:8. SE 127. lot 3, Gar
den Land Homeßtead; also- lot on NW Une of
Mission street, 1157:(J NE of Twenty-ninth. NE
Land Homestead; $.. -• • .- ;
of S i m \. tD B « rtram H. Healey. lot on N Une
«-^h re * t * 10 ° W of ' Valencia. W
35 :b by.N 105; $— .- .; \u25a0..
Monroe Greenwood Estate Company to Fred
vii^TS 00 ?*'' 1^^- 1 * llne of street.
100 E of Maple. E 50. N HBS. SW 50. S 160- $10
$ia re - '^' ' GrB ? n^? od \u25a0 l ? A JXred Sutro, , same;
nlnS P< ? p^eConinany to Union Trust Com-
ss:- s\r^y a i^it^ eT3VKtt ' » s ° f
£ City and County of San Francisco to J. R.
Joslah R. and Gertrude D. HoweU to Mat
thew Kavanaugh. lot on W line of Vtlencla
street. 135 N'of Sixteenth. N 50 by W 00- $10
Charles S. Maun to George and Maria
Rlschrculler, lot on N lln« of Nineteenth street
555 w of. San Carlos avenue. W 25 by N t>s;
Henry and Katha rlna Sterq to Hermann
Fischbe*; ' lot . on S ' Une :of Liberty street
237:6 E 6f Dolores. E 30 by S 114; $— — .^
City and County of San Francisco to Chris
tian Knapp, lot on W line of Dehon street. 116
S of Sixteenth, S 28 by W 70; $ . \u25a0
: Margaret O'Brien to Patrick . Kirby lot on
S line of Henry street. 295; W of Castro; W
25 by S 115; also/lot on SE. corner of Chesley
and Bay streets, 215 SE of Harrison and 305
SW or Seventh. SE 20 by NE 60: $ .
"Timothy J. and Th«resa J. Kearney to Eliza
beth Koch, lot on S line of Twenty-ofurth
street,"l22;6 E of Howard. E 24 by S 05; $10.
-Loretta B. Dwyer and Fannie D. MacNe,vln
(wife of Georpe) to Matthew McNamara, lot on
S line of Twenty-fourth street. 40 W of York.
W2oby S 80; $10." . -, .
Thomas C. Van Bibber to Harriett li. Van
Blbt«r,.lot on E line of San Jose street. 195 S
of Twenty-fifth, S 32:6 by E 90; gift.
-' Helen Moore to Grace- M. Matbewson. lot en
E line o/ Noe etreet, 151:6 N-' of Twenty-ninth.
N 25 by E 130; gift.
William and Mary Inch to Daniel C. Heger,
lot on" N'TThe "of "Twenty -ninth -street. 30 E of
Noe, E 50 by N 101:6; $(10. •. ... ,
ilaggl-e Mellynn to \u25a0 Robert S. and Margaret
M. \u25a0 Shepston, " lot Jon -W» Une -of Sanchez street.
51 :6 Sof Valley, S2sby W 105; $10.
-Hlbemla Savjngs and Loan. Society to Jacob
Welssbeln. lot -on S'- Una of . Twenty-third
street.'2O3 E of Diamond." E 25:4 by S 114; $10;
\u25a0- Benjamin Healey to Paul J. Stuparich," lot on
SE corner of Hyde street and "/ernon place.' S
50 by E 112:6; $10. s .
Bells Munter to ' Charles Munter, lot on E
line of Hyde street, 97:8 N of O'Farrell. N 20
by E 05; also lot" on SW liny of Steuart sti»:et,
100 NT\ r of Mission. NW 20 by SW »1:8; gift.
Minerva K.Frlnk to . George K. Frink, all
property of " first jfarty • excepting lot " on \u25a0 SW
lino of Third street.' Bo SE of Harrison," SE 80
SW • :155. NWBO..SW 40. NWiBO. NB 120. SE
80. NE 75: $5. , . ' — •
r Fannie ?R-> Gass \u25a0to Charles -Morton,-, lot ' on
NE line of Fourth street. 55 NW of Silver.
NW 25 by NE 75; $10.- • \u25a0--\u25a0.\u25a0• — ------
-\u25a0 Joseph J." Coleman to Daniel G.'Coleman, lot
on N corner •of -. Gilbert and Brannan streets."
NW'BO by NE 30; also lot: on N line of Hayes
street.' 162 :6 - W of . Devlsadero," W-25 < by . N
! 137:6; ?10. V 'V ;• "
: Ethel -T. and A. J. Welch (formerly Ethel
A. ToWn) to John W. McMee. lot on SE Una
of Howard-street. 137:6 NE: of •Eighth. NB
80 by SE 73; ?10. ; '" :
' Thomas C. Van Bibber to Harriett I* Van
Bibber, lot on -W. line of Lanston street. 173
SE of Folsotn. SE 100 hy 6W. 80; gift. •
rWllllaraiC. Hlldebrandt to Frank Ratto and
Antohlo Torrl, lot on W line of Utah street.
150 S of Seventeenth. S 25 by W 100; $10.
'."Emmett. and Emma T. Dunn to Hugh W and
Elizabeth - Hammond, lot on S line of, Califor
nia • street,", 133 :4 >, E of Seventeenth avenu*, ' E
26:8; by S 06:1:. *10. > .
\u25a0•-" Cora A.' Morton to \u25a0William Watson, lot on
W line of Twentieth avenue, 100 S of Clement
street. S; 75- by W 120; $10.
\u25a0 " Currier & • Mltchell'lCompany ' to" Ellen ' G.
Ss«rcy,^ lot ' on ' N * line of .Twenty-flf th avenue,
100 S of Clement street. S 25 by E 120; $10. r.
. Edward i Dillon to, Frank L. H. PereU" lot . on
E line! of Eighth " avenue. 125 S of A street.
S 25 by; E.- 120: $10.
- Same to' - H. "\u25a0 Kolkmann. lot on . E
Mine -of. EUthth avenue. 150 Sof A street, S
:25'byJErl20: ?10. ; :. - ,
- F.state of ,' Adolph i Sutro. t (by executor) to Do
minion Investment Company, -lot on SW cov^
ncr 'oCThlrty-seeond ! avenue and B street, W
14. SE 19:2. Nl3:4:*Ts.' - ' . -, \u25a0
.'\u25a0 Herbert \u25a0. F. and Harrietta H. Brown 'to Xv".
ia LohPld*,* lot ' on iW- Une *of - Nineteenth ' ave^
nui.M2s N of.l str*«t^N'2s by.Wl2o; ; slo. '
' Golden i Syndl^te \u25a0to Clara W. Jones,
lotion -W line Of .Thirty-fifth avenue. 300 S of
I utreet; S 115 by W 240: $10.; ,
- . R." T." i Roes to \u25a0 N. R." r Spencer; rerecord 1750
D^l.'lot on E line of.FortT-slxth'a.venu*. 200
i S kt ;i i street' S2sby E 120: $10. , -
X- Emlle * -E. •';\u25a0 Kahn to ' Julius M.~ Israel. , lot on
W ' line "of \u25a0 Forty-second ' avenue. \u25a0 150 S of : R
»treet. v W" 120.- S ,75." W 120. S 35:1. 5E.240:6.
! N 126:1: also lot on E line of Thirtieth avenue.
[125 S of \R*Btr<et/ S^BOJyy E^WO; also Ipt mx
MONDAT. MAY 20.
REAL ESTATE JTRANSACTIOXS.
•No mums-
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
little white liner Curacao. Captain R. J.
Paulsen. arrived from Mexico yesterday,
twelve days from Guaymas. She encoun
tered none of the heavy weather which
gave the City of Panama a taste of sub
marine navigation. From the Gulf of
California to the Golden Gate the Cura
cao sailed summer seas. On both out
ward and homeward runs the Curacao
carried ail the cargo she could accommo
date.
Among the passengers were some prom
inent members of the American colony
at Mazatlan, who will leave their fam
ilies in the States during the hot season
In Mexico. E. Peredes, Attorney-General
of the State of Slnaloa, arrived on the
Cure-coa, accompanied by his daughter.
On her last voyage, the Curacoa re
ported the seizure at San Jose del Cabo
of the Eloop Karl, owned and manned- by
one lone navigator, Captain LukendeL
Iyukendel was bound from Victoria, B. C,
ior an Island below the equator on a
prospecting excursion. A eea shipped in
Magdalena Bay had washed overboard
his papers, destroyed his provisions and
tainted his supply of drinking water. He
put Into San Jose in distress, and was
held by the Mexican authorities pending
an investigation into his paperless con
dition. He was subsequently given clear
ance to Mazatlan, from which port he
had departed prior to the Curacao's ar
rival.
The new lightships No. "6 and No. 83,
bound here from the Atlantic, were In
quarantine at the United States coaling
station at Plchlinaue on May 20. The
Curacoa exchanged salutes with the Gov
ernment vessels as the liner passed the
station on her way from La Paz. Each
lightship was flying a yellow flag, but
beyond the three whistle blasts of greet
ing there was no communication between
the Curacao and the vessels at the sta
tion. -
The Curacoa has about 1200 tons of
cargo, which Includes 600 tons of val
uabl< ore*. She also brings from the
mines of Mexico gold bricks worth about
5200,000.
Richard Klessattel. a mining engineer,
who returned yesterday on the Curacoa
from Sonora. stated that one evening he
was out riding In the vicinity of his
camp, when several shots were fired at
him. He supposed the shots were fired
by Yaqui Indians. The chief of- the
Yaquis afterward told him that the shots
•were not from the Yaquis, but were fired
by Mexican bandits.
Following was the list of the Cura
cao's cabin passengers: L. A. Camp
bell, L. Campbell, M. Campbell. W. M.
Smouse, Charles F. Loker. E. M. Brian, ;
Lally Brian, Mary King. Emmet King.
Evanisto Peredes, Caroline Peredes, H.
E. Berther, M. D. de Aguirre. H. E. Car
per. J. W. Edwards, Florence Edwards,
Laura Edwards, H. W. McDon
ald. Milton McDonald, Thomas McDon
ald, Margaret McDonald. Esther Fi
guerro, J. B. Heymes, Rosa B. Heymes,
John Heymes, Manuel Heymes, L. F.
Edwards, R. Kleeeattel, W. A. Rowell,
Margarite Aenna, Cruz D. de Duran,
Rosario Montano, Charles White. Ma
tilda Gonzalez. Maria Granados. C. W.
Hoflmcister, Alfredo Rios, Virginia
Bclhan. Manuel Arias, Macedonia Nu
nez. Chang Toy, Chlng Yee and Toy
Ching.
. Fifteen competitors took part In an
eighteen-hole handicap V against "bogey"
yesterday on the Presidio course of the
San Francisco Golf and* Country Club. S.
I* Abbott. Jr. - ; and H.C. "Golcher played
from' - scratch, * the rest receiving handi
caps. Mr. Abbott came in two down and
won , thfi' prize ' for ' the • best r gross score.
Dr. T." Gl'-'McConkey, '•;'' receiving | four
strokes, also came ' in two down and cap
tured the ! prize for best • net score.' The
details are shown in the table :
Player*— \u25a0 • 1 Handicap. \ Pcora^
S. Li Abbott Jr. ... . . .... Scratch | 2 down
Dr.T. G. McConkey;.... 4 strokes i 2 down
H. A. Blackmail 4 strokes J 3 down
S. C. Buckbee IS strokes .4 down
R. J. Woods *.~ 12 strokes 4riown
F.H . Beaver V 6 strokes 5 down
H. C. GoJcher ...... Scratch 8 down
P. McG. Mcßeaa 13 strokes 8 down
S. H: Boardman 16 strokes 9 down
C H. Bentley 6 strokes 0 down
C. Christensen ...... ".. IS strokes 8 down
Sherwood Hopkins ...... 14 strokes 10 down
Bernard FaymonviUe ... 12 strokes 13 down
Dr.J.R. C1ark ......... 2 strokes •
L.- F. Monteagle \u0084 . . : .. 12 »troJses •
Unlike most young players, Schmidt,
after losing the third set by a "small
margin; was not a bit discouraged,
but played '\u25a0 harder than; ever. ';'" He was
invincible, in s the early ' part of the
fourth /and deciding set Gardner led
at 2—l,2 — 1, but Schmidt took the next four
games, giving.'- him the .commanding
lead of 5— 2. : It looked Ukesebi all at
this stage of "the"' game," but' Gardner
kept right at his" task: and try as he
.would Schmidt could not-. get the game
that would have evened up the score
for him. Gardner finally pulled it out
by a score of B— 6. ; .
In -, the semi-finals Gardner beat
Charles" Foley "easily," the score- being
6—3, 6—l. $ Schmidt had a harder time,
disposing of Hairy Rolfe In this round.
The latter won the first set easily, .but
played himself outl ""ln "the* second and
third sets Bolfe was tired.- while
Schmidt kept getting stronger. The
score was \u25a0 3-^6. 6—1," 6—2."" "
The championship match , between
Murdock: and 'Gardner .will be played
in the "California Club' courts next Sun
day at ' 2 :30 o'clock/: ' Gardner's victory
was a, well-earned one. He proved
beyond a doubt* that he was "the best
'man in "the '] tournament. ~ .•
\u25a0^iFlrst prize: goes; tpV<3ardnerf second
to Schmidt," and th^ "' wo "third prizes
to and Rolfe.
By beating Herbert Schmidt . In , the
finals '\u25a0 of Cthe San Francisco "tennis
championship tournament jln tae Cali
fornia Club courts yesterday^ Cai-1 Gard-.
ner earned the right/to challenge Percy
Murdock, - the"" champion: They will
meet ori Sunday \u25a0 ; to 'determine the
championship for 1905. ~
The final -match' was 'by far the best
of ithe tournament and was the closest
and most exciting'" played in the courts
in"' many months. Both of the young
experts were 'at -their best, and the
spectators "were treated to; some un
usually good tennis. , -Gardner won
three sets out of four, but the match
was closer than " many five set affairs.
The game in. Gardner's favor was
6—4, 2—6,2 — 6, 9—7,9 — 7, B— 6. "
It was a brilliant player against a
steady one, and; as is usually the case
when they are in the same "class, the
latter won. - Schmidt's work was spec
tacular, while Gardner played a - less
showy but a' more" : effective' game.
Schmidt made some wonderful re
turns,' getting ; back' seemingly impos
sible balls. At the ;. net \u25a0 he was by far
the stronger of fne two," while in .the
back court Gardner ! excelled. He used
a half-speed, 1 back-hand drive, with
which ' he "'- passed time after
time. The real' struggle began in : 'the
third set, after each" player had a set
to : his credit.' j The \ game \ seesawed
after;: 3 —2: had been reached," neither
player, being more .than a game ahead
at -"any : tlme. Gardner finally won by
a score 'of 9-— 7. 'He led/at Z-^rQ; but
Schmidt \u25a0'. took the next three games.
Brilliant Game Is Played
on the California Club
CourtT by Rival Experts
JS. L. Abbott' Jr., Starting
at Scratch, Captures Prize
ior Lowest . Gross Score
Has Mild Weather
on Voyage Up \
Coast.
McCONKEY IS WINNER
WILL CLASH ON SUNDAY
THE SAN-FRANCISCO CALE, WEDN^p^viiMXY 31, 1905.
STEAMSHIP CURACAO ARRIVES FROM
MEXICAN PORTS.
COLFERS PLAY
AGAINST "BOGEY"
MURDOCK MUST
MEET GARDNER
Brings Rich Cargo
of Gold Bricks
and Ores.
Fifteen Competitors Take
Part in Holiday Tourna
ment on Presidio Links
SE line of Minna street. 67:9 SW of Mary.
SW 40 by SE 70. KB 33. KW 48, NE 5, KW
24; $10. \u25a0- \u25a0 "" f
Doris and Paul Uademan to Edward Llnd?
nnn, lot on -SW line of Eleventh avenue, 100
SE of G street. SE 25 by SW ICO. block 223.
South Pan Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association; |1:' ' " ' ' -
Susan H. and D. VT. Pailbrtck to'F. J.
Devlta. lots 747. 749 aad T3l.- GIXt Map No. 3;
$10. . •
-\u25a0 State of California (by Tax Collector) to M.
McCann, lot 36. block 19. City Land Associa
tion; $23. V
Same to same, lot 22, block 20. City Land
Association; $25. -
Same to same. lot 24, block 20, City Land
Association: $25.
'Same to same, lot 21, block 23, same: $24.
Same to same, lot 3 22 and 23, block 23,
same; $33. .
" Same to same, lot 24. block 23, City Land
Association: $20.
Same to same, lot 45.- block 28. same; $23.
Bame to same, lot 44. block 31. 'same; '$25.
Same to same, lot 25, block 33." City Land
Association; $21.
- Same to same, lots 20 and 21. - block 42. \u25a0
same; $50.
Same to same, lot 1. block 46. same: $32.
McCarthy Company to Minn*? I. Brown, lot
on W line of Mlramar street. 175 24 of Hollo
way. TV 112:6 by N 25. lot 47, block 15, Lake
view; $10. t
Same to Benjamin A. and Louisa. M. Sciiroy
er. lot 29. block 2. Lake view: $10. ;
John Toung to Martha Zagrewskl (wife of
Michael); lot on E Una of Treat avenue. 823
S of Predta. S 25 by E 110.P. V. 141; $10-
McCarthy Company to Conrad F. GlanvUle,.
lot 1. block D. Lakeviaw; $10.
Alameda County.
Joseph E. Barber to Delia Carr. lot on J»B
Horn of ' Shatter Oecond) avenu*. 343:7* i SW
of Clinton street. SW 43 by SE 221:8. block
F. Vernon Park. Oakland; $10. • . '
Oennig' and Annie E. Johnson to Elisabeth
Kraft ' fwidow), lot on- NW corner of : Syca
more street j and \u25a0 Telegraph avenue (as I said
line of avenue la at present established). N
ICO by W 120, portion plat 2. Keller-berger**
map Ranches V. and D. Peralta. Oakland; $10.
' John F. Burke (married)- to Catherine Burka
(wife). lot on NW line of Fifty-eighth (Maple)
street. 123.20 E of Humboldt avenue. B 60.
S 150.90 to S line of block . T. W 02.19 to
StY corner lot 4. N and at risht anzle to
said line of Fifty-*! ghth street 17a 36 to be
pir.r.ing. lot 4. block T. map 3. Robert* &
Wolfskin Tract. Oakland: $10.,
The Realty Syndicate (corporation) to Alex
ander B.' Woods (married) lot 21 and 1 B 23:3
of lot 22. block C Major Given Tract. Oak
land; $10. ..\u25a0?—\u25a0
Charles W. and Nancy O. Randal) to Bert
C. Scott, lot on E line . of Bay street. 300
S of San Antonio avenue, S 73 by- IS 130.
lot 38. and N 25 feet of lot 87. Bay Side
Tract. Alameda; $10. -
Jeannette and Matthew Harris to Daniel L.
and Addle D. Jungck. lot on B line of Henry
street. 240 Not Vine. N «0 by B 133, lot
11. block 1; Graves & Taylor Tract. Berke
ley. $10. - • • \u25a0 \u25a0 ' -
H. P. and Laura B. Nelson (wife) to Ida E.
Black. lot on W Una of Grove street. 133:9
S of Parker. S 34:8 W 109.43 to WUneot
let 12, N 34:7 to Intersection with Una drawn
W from beginning parallel to . Parker street.
E 111.97 to beginning, portion lots 11 and IX
block G. Crystal Springs Tract. Berkeley; $10.
H. -A. and Phila V. ' Adrian ' (wife) to
Mary C. 'Allen, lot on N Una ot Oregon
street. 800 E of Telegraph avenue, formerly
Humboldt avenue. N 134:6. E to E boundary
line of Leonard Tract S 133 to N line of
Oregon. W 92:1^4 to beginning, lots- 13 and
16 block T. Leonard Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Vesta M. Colby (widow) to Elizabeth Lewis
(widow), lot on W line of Lewlston avenue,
, 600 S of Woolsey. S 100 by W 120. lots' s3
ani! CO Colby Tract. Oakland Township: $100.
Mary W. and Elvln F. Austin to William
A. Hunter, lot on E line of Manila street.
35.25 S from dividing line between Newbury
Tract and Berkeley Park. S 38 by E 112.
lot 9 block 3 blocks 3 and 4, Berkeley Park,
Oakland; $10.
George Eyrich (widower) to Louis« Hexer.
lot on W line of Fifth street. 75 E of Ches
ter. E 25. N 93:9 to S line of lot 33. W 23.
S 03:9' t0 beginning, lot 4. block 434 re
subdlvlslon city blocks 434. 495. 436. Oakland;
' gift.
George Palmer to Josephine M. Smith (wife
of Herbert A.), lot 8. block L. Santa Fa
Tract No. 8. Oakland: $10.
S. R. Chappel to Mary W. Chappel, lot oa
S lln« of Pacific avenue. 30 W of Benton
street thence along said line of Pacifies avenua
100, 8 150. ETIOO, N 130. Alameda: gift.
Everett B. and Caroline F. Taylor to A.
D, - Wilson lot on W line of Webster street.
152 S from SE corner of tract 36, thence
along W line of Webster SE 600 to a point
NW 030 to a point NW 600. to a point SE
930 to beginning, being tract 35. map. Ala
meda marsh lands as partitioned among own
ers, suit 5923, Pacific Improvement Company
vs James A. Waymlre et al., Alameda: $10.
Sarah A. McKee (widow, by S. B. McKee.
attorney) to Anton Say-ette. lot 12. block 2.
Santa Fe Trixt No. 5. Berkeley. $10. \u25a0
R. A. Jacicson to Elizabeth L. Jackson
(wife), lot en E line of East Oak street.
160 S of Prospect avenue, S 10 by E 130. ,
portion lot 10. In plat 17. amended map Laka
View. East Oakland: gift.
San Francisco Savings Union to Mary E.
Mabee (wife of John I. IX). lot 12. map
Frost's Thirteenth Avenue Tract. East Oak
land; $410.
The Realty Syndicate to Louis Foa (mar
ried) lot f>. block 21. McGee Tract, portion
plat 67 Kellersberger's survey. Berkeley: $10.
George W. Austin (single) to Harry Ander
son " N 5 feet of lot IS. all of lot 19. S 10
feet of lot 20 block 3. revised map San Pablo
Avenue Villa Tract. Oakland: $10.
Calvin A. Shaw (single) to Jacob Schwan.
lot 10, block B, University Park near Uni
versity. Oakland: $10.
E. J and Lydla F. Shepardson to Joseph T.
Hlnch. undivided one-half of lot on N line of
Seventh street. 137:6 W of Brush. N 100 by
W 37:6. Oakland: $10.
Alfred E. and Anna A. Brune to J. R-
MacGregor. lots 7 and 10. block Q. corrected
map of block X and portion of block Q. Para
dise Park. Oakland; $10.
iLatter Downs Schmidt and
Qualifies for a Match
With the Tennis Champion
15
OC£AN TRAVEL.
.^«~2"«w Steamers leave piers 9 and
\u25a0^ViJS-SQX 11. San Francisco.
fyif^ ** or Ketchlkan. \u25a0Wrangel.
fa^fJtnii \«*\ Juneau. Treadwell. Haines.
II V^*rvl I -1 Skagway. etc.. Alaska— IX a.
1 I V*s^j I m - J^ e 4 »• v - 10 - - 4 - -•>•
\d\ \\ . ro Ju| y 4 - Change to effla-
VXjyW \Sy/ pany's steamers at Seattle.
I > S4ilt«t<v?/'^ B * or Victoria, Vancouver.
port Townsend. Seattle, Ana-
fortes. Tacorna. Everett, South. Bellinsham.
Bellinsham— ll a. m.. June 4. 9. M, 10, 24. !».'
i July I.- Change at Seattle to this company's
i steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle
, or Tacoma to N . P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P.
' Ry. ' - " T '\u25a0 '.. . ' ' '
For Eureka (Humboidt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. June 4. 10. 16, 22. 28; July 4. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. June 1. 7.- 13. 19. 25; July 1. , .
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redonco). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Stats of California. Thursdays.!) a. m.
For Los Anseiea (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cru*. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harfonl (San
La. s Oblspo).' Ventura and Huenetne — \u25a0 ,
Coos Bay,- 9 a. to. : June 7. 15. 23: July 1.
Bonita. a a. m.. June 3. 11. 19. 2": July 3.
For Ensenada, Uasdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia.. \
Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th' each month.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS (Season 1905) — Th»
palatial excursion steftmshlp Spokane will lea.va
Tacoma.' Seattle and Victoria. June 8, 22: July
6 2O;*AtHC. '3.-IT.--" " "* ' ' : '
"For further information obtain folder. \u25a0 Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET " OtTICE — t New Montgomery st.
(Palace 'Hotet).- 10 Market st..- and Broadway-
wharves. . FREIGHT OFFICE— IO Market st.
C D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco. ' '
/V OME -tM
ST. MICHAEL; i
S. S. ZEALAXDIA
CLASS 100 Al LLOYDS." CAPTAIN OILBOT.
The largest and finest equipped passenger and!
freight steamer In this trade; with. large cold-
storage accommodations. " Special attention to
perishable - freight. Sailing . trom^ \u0084 .. ..
SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT. Jl'.liE 3RD.
" From Paclflc-st. Wharf (Pier 7) at 2 p.m. »*
- . — (Carrying U. S. ,Mall.>-
• Connecting with Northern Commercial C0.,'9
steamers for Fairbanks. Chena. Dawson and
all Tanana. Koyulrok and Tuxon River points.
Golovln, Solomon. Topkok and all port* 00
Seward Penlnstila..' ' ...
Through ticket- and bills of lading Issued.
Steamer Will Sail Positively Jane 3rd.
For freight and passage apply to
- - -\u25a0• < BARNESOX-HIBBERD- CO..
456 Montsomery -t., S. J*.
- Or OCEANIC STEAMSHIP CO..
653 Market - St.. -8. F.
S ' S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
: and Sydney. Thursday, June 8, 2 P.'-M. \u25a0 -•
S S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, June 17. 11 A.il
sI"S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. July 1, IV A. M.
. J.I. SHiiCIILS a cKOS. Ca. A2ti,liCS2t OiCS 643 3ll'-
ui litigfei ULci 327 Marra sl Pieri. -ma H
IOMPAGNIi , 6£N2Sal.; IRA.NSAr^A JUiiUS,
PIRECT LINE TO HAVRE— Paris. ; irj «. l=f J
Saillns every Thursday instead of *P*{*rh
Saturday.' 10 a. m.; ' from Pier 4^. \u25a0*\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0•»\u25a0»
North Kiver. foot of Morton st. . '
First dasa to; Havre.* $70- and upward. ., Sec-
ond class 'to Havre.- J45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOH UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson ' building).
N*w Tarfc. J.'P-FTJOAZI & CO.. Paciflc Coast
Agents, & Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets soid by all Railroad Ticket Agentj. \u25a0
: For U.S. Navy Tard and Vallejo — Stinrs Gen-
eral, Friable. Arrow and il on tl cello: 8 round
trips DAILT. Leave San Francisco 7:00 a. m..
•9:45 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 3:13 p. m.. 8:00 p. m..
8 :30 d. m. 'Lands . Davy yard direct. ' > Land«>
Ings — San , Francisco.'; pier * 2. ." foot of Mission «•
street. » Meals ala carte. San Francisco. phon«
, Mato 1508. . HATCH 8K03.. Gen. A*-nU.:' ..' Every i woman ,while ;; in | th« 5. best t bf
health and^with apparently, many;^ years
before.her,; gives ; her; childrenUrietru'cr
tions ''\u25a0 how ito •'treat a.'{ stepmother.;
-" The -newly .elected < officers o. the
\u25a0 Knights;; of : St. Patrick will be -in
stalled \6n ithe ;evenlog -ot fjuhe; 12 iri
their hall in, the S Pioneer^ building, and
a '\u25a0\u25a0'. '\u25a0: good ' i programme has ;been * sir
ranged' f or \ in : honor, of ' the officers, for
the Knights' guests J and including
lady ; friends.V .There will • be .an}inter
esting, (musical ; and v literary ; en tertaki-j
ment, -. with ; addresses \u25a0on \ the " Gaelic ' re
'vlval: in? lreland , and other instructive
To . Install Knights. k
" - Lieutenant' James^ Smith,- the presi
dent,;' has ;\u25a0 appointed \u25a0a ; joint committee
to ; make .arrangements,', and it \will \. be
a very< pleasant; affair.':, Floor, manager.
Bi\ J. • Silver; / cbmmlttee-^-Thomas " Cal
lan, f Arthur McQuade/ F.' Conlan. Joseph
Flynn; J." J..Rogeraon," Captain \u25a0 Mellott,
!H.vMcKern/ Miss Lizzie Murphy,*: Miss
H. Gibson.. MisstD.* Collins. "Mrs. D.
Welch -and s Miss ..Fanny: Gal wey.
On": Bunker Hlir nlghti June 17/ Div
ision ,Vo. 2.' A: O. H., and .Columbia Cir
cle.'liadies*. Auxiliary, will give' a Joint
social at K.- R. : B. \ Hall, to consist ' of
patriotic and "\u25a0 literary music
and /^dancing. • Division : No. \u25a0* 2 of the
Ancient ; Order; of ".'\u25a0 Hibernians, is \u25a0„ as
'American ' as \it\ is Irish,* and I the ! mem
bers take ' great pleasure in [ celebrating
on" Bunker, Hill 'day, and this occa
sion they.,will have -the zealous assist
ance of, the . ladies", branch.
To' Remember Bunker Hill.
\u25a0 • The county board foC the ' Ancient tOr-'.
der of, Hibernians met as a committee
of the! whole on . Fourth"; of ; July I festival
last evening at'-Hibernla ;Hall.' ..^There
was a'J large attendance, r including 'the
ladles representing ; the'; auxiliary. ;The
reports 1 ot'i- the-; sub-committees \u25a0? iwere
satisfactory -for 1 a ;^ successful 3 festival.
John P. ' Dlgnan, .who has ! charge jof i the
dancing,! has; filled rhis : committee \with" !
ladies,, and ; he : has \u25a0 confidence., they will '
be very; energetic. ; , arid allow/ no V idlers !
when' the dancing \u25a0 - Is . iOn.r \u25a0[ Timothy
O'Mahoney . V.: reported c/ Schuetzeh \u2666Park."
whereXthe '* festival ; is •"; to ?\u25a0 bey held, 7 " in ;
excellent i condition,'; arid :: that^a ; special \
platform' ; would'.,' be \u25a0'erected r'Sfor^ithe"
Gaelic 'dancing.- The.; track" will' ; 'ibe
hardened. for ; the -games.; -R.^J.\.Ct;rtin
, submitted _?• an): orderi; of H literary,: exerr
cises; . including " the ; usual' patriotic faiat^
dress. >yl^ ~ Barry,":.' ?rom \ the f committee
on games, "reported , that the programme
would be. a r »very, attractive . onel f or/conr",
testants and spectators, "% It". Will .consist
of all '\u25a0\u25a0 the - usual | manly s sports *; suitable
to '\u25a0' such i;occasloris,'i and : ,;the 3 prizes \u25a0 will
be 'better" 1 than 'jOrdiriarllyj'glven;;:; The
games \will .' be"? the '\ greatest * t eature \of
the , festival., \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0/ For Vithe'i Gaelic^ step-;
dancing ''cash* prizes - will .be given."
Hibernians I Confer.
ALFARATAS ' TO ENTERTAIN.— AIfarata
Council -of • the ? Degree of c Pocahonta* i has • ar
ranged a , first-class : entertainment to . be given
m Red Men's Hall on • tho % evening ,- of | Satur
' day, June 3,? for- the pleasure of the 'members
and . their guests. The committee of : arrajige
ments. of .wljich H. Dierko Is the chairman;
ha 3 prepared a pleasing S programme of . vaude
ville numbers.'' After; the entertainment there
be i dancing for two hours. :\u25a0 . ' :- ;
•' Burnett's. Vnnllla Extract is sold by
all the best grocers i everj-where, try it. /\u25a0•
Despondenti Man Takes; Gas.
Married only: five -weeks t and. out of
much • needed Employment \ ; for four
weeks, Charles Schwels, an.'iron-work
er, ended: his 'life .last .'Monday night
with illuminating gas ; . in : his.: room at
4330 Twenty- third* street. . ,Hls wife ; In
formed a, deputy coroner- that Schwels
had been! despondent and .had, threat
ened ; frequently to : kill m himself, , on
which • account ! his v wif e \ on : Monday
night . slept • with ; {her ' sister,; Mrs. C
Fritz, at. 113 Russ street. ,- Schwels was
38 years old and a native of Chicago.
..The Young ..Men's . Catholic Union
went on Its* thirteenth-.' annual picnic
to Fernbrook Park ' 'yesterday. The
weather was ideal and all enjoyed the
outing. Bothithe dancingjpavlllon and
the-wooded'park-were'comfortably-fill
ed by the picknickers. v The ? following
committees . . had \u25a0 charge: Reception,
Rev. J. F. Byrne, J. McCallan, J. H.
Quinn, Thomas McGuire, V J.~; H." O'Con
nor, John ' TV ' Burns, ywilliam McCanh,-
Edward Fitzgerald, P. ; : Malloy, r P. ,E.
McCarthy, E. P. Luby and . E. P.'lMc-
Auliff c. Floor, J. E. Albert Jr., - man
ager; C. J. Collins, assistant; B. J J '\u25a0'
O'Sulllvan, C. J. Linn,' Roy McNeill.'' M.»
J. Hassion, P. Tamony, .T. J. ; Connolly. " t
Refreshments, J." Al Foley, D.^.* Breen^!
John ' Brennan. . Train, P. Brazil," \J.
English, O. F. Ahearn. Music," : tT. - J.
O'Brien, P.>J, Carroll, P. Trayers. ' \
Catholic Union Visits Fernbrook."
Stranger Found Drowned.
The body of an unidentified man was
found floating in the bay off Mission
street wharf yesterday afternoon. The
features had decayed beyond recogni
tion. The clothing was. that of a la
borer, and a marine fireman's cap was
found In one of his pockets.
How long since you have had to buy
new hinges for your store doors? Are
they lasting too long? Store advertis
ing Is hard on hinges — wears them out
faster than anything else. v .
KENESETH ISRAEL • PICNIC.— Tns Con
eregallon Keneceth Israel will hold a picnic
June 4 for the benefit of its free school at Glen
Park. Zeal baa been manifested In.tbe prep
arations anfl the fair Is sure to be a success.
Photographic war. Our finest platlno Par's
eanele. S3 per dozen; cabinets $2 per doz-m.
Imperlaa Studio. 74 i Market «L . •
Touched AVhile Drcaminjf.
\u25a0 Roger Leonard, blissfully alcoholic,
wobbled into a- Fourth street restau
rant early yesterday morning and\ fell
into sweet dreams!in a- chair. After he
had slain 1 nineteen grizzly.'.- bears and
had been betrothed*, to thirty-eight
beautiful Indian maidens; he awoke,
and upon exploring his pockets for the
ruby and ; diamond- amulet which .one
of the maidens' had presented him, he
discovered that all his assets, amount
ing to :sll.:had been. abstracted.- So he
spurned the. owl car. and walked home
at 5:20 a. m. ' - : - .
No Serious Accidents Mar Pleasant
Holiday of the Thousand* of
- Park Visitor*.
The numerous counter attractions
did not prevent a big attendance at
the park and beach yesterday. " From
a few hours after sunrise until sun
set the westbound cars were well filled
with passengers, and during the after
noon the "crowds at the points of gen-,
eral interest were unusually large.
The weather was just cool enough for
comfort in the park, but a 'trifle chilly
at the beach. »V .- --•.:-
The holiday concert at the band
stand proved popular, and the museum
and conservatory were also well pa
tronized. The automobiles and bicycles
were thicker than on" Sundays or holi
days ordinarily. There were but a
f ew - small accidents and infractions of
the law to mar the occasion. One man
rode a bicycle too fast and an automo
billst also was forced to visit the po
lice station/ .
Tessie Leffler from Poland and more
recently .'a : domestic at 1422 Devlsadero
blew out the gas Monday > night and
awoke in the Park Hospital yesterday
morning. but little the worse for her
experience.
\u25a0 Emil Sportono,, son-of the. well
known poultry dealer.' In trying: to
Imitate a lineman, fell : off : a : pole and
broke.his arm.- •Thejnjured limb was
set, at" the Park Hospital ; and the boy
went home with his aspirations some
what subdued. . .
\u25a0You. are cordially welcome to visit our^art
gallery arid study the pictures at your leisure
—see the i modern style in', framing and hanging
— eee»the light effects— buy- if you iwlsb. You
take away such pleasant recollections from the
art gallery. Sanborn, Vail, & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. \u25a0 \u25a0 ;«\ t-. ,• : \:-^-'-\- '.'\u25a0
Art foirthe Home. "
CROWDS FILL GOLDEN GATE
PARK DURING ENTIRE DAY
Jolly Delegation ' Lerfje* for! the Santa
Cmx Rediroods on !spe^lal: Train
Next . Saturday. i.l'J;';^
The members of . the' Press Club and
their friends, will :ieaveMhe"cfty next
Saturday to spend" Sunday^ in* the Santa
Cruz Mountains." The v last: outing held
at Hotel del' Monte .was 'one of the most
enjoyable affairs ever jheldby -the;club.
This tinie Tuxedo, . a" pretty > resort, in
the heart of. the Santa Cruz fountains,
has been chosen. • The place is said, to
be an ideal'spot, beingln the^midstof
the great natural, beauties of v that sec
tion of the country. •: v ;4. / -r
The Press Club offers extraordinary
rates for the \ goeks. ,: : A'' special train
will carry, the party over,- the narrow
gauge line, 1 leaving.' tne foot lot 'Market
street at' 2:4s' on Saturday; afternoon.
Returning' the train .will leave Tuxedo
on Sunday evenine at 8.:S0. P /
The ' club will • have j an'; abundance of
talent aboard :' and;; the"; forests "will echo
the: sounds,; of, tlie, merry r makers on
Saturday evening. 4A4 A feature of the af
fair will be agreat;canipfire the red
woods, where an. informal jinks .will- be
held. Other 'amusements,^programmed
are bowling; fishing, boating,- automo
billng and; dancing.!; i"; : Y-W^
PRESS CLUB MEMBERS .'WILL
MAKE MERRY, IN . MOUNTAINS
f Joseph] Copeland; the man .who used
to ride along^ the streets horaeback.
dressed in baseball ', costume " Bass-ly
bawling the ;! announcement of j- a big
'game to take" place,* has. gone daft. He
• was taken to; the City Prison . yesterday
morning by;Tatrolmen \u25a0- J. "}. Davids and
F. -\u25a0 McGrayon on a warrant rchargthg
him- with having:, threatened j the life
of Matt Cdnavan, a',.baseb'alli'Spoft.
Copeland informed. his captors that he
was a candidate for the
and that as* soon as ]he had. laid Pardee
on the • shelf, he . would \ pardon former
Tax Collector Smith." Plain, whisky,
that's, all, is the cause of Copeland's
chaos. .'. \u25a0:.. \u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0 .
Baseball . Crlcr Threatens the Life of
s Matt Cann van ' and .Gets Into^ -%
: \u25a0 '- the' Calaboose.
PLAIN Will SKY % CAIJSES
' ' COPELAND^TO GO DAFFY
$10. third prize : -$S-I. S. R-° Tevendale. Adam
leap-M> W. ' Beck. \u25a0 Murphy.
fling.' children^ T«^« d .« Dder '
entries -in. flm event
barred, marches, strathspeys/ reels— R. Bain.
R Re^^c^K a.d la^jesln
cfCoyne. K.'Mcßae, Mat>le;Prat^_ Wjater
. Wrestling en mat— P. A. Mclntyre. waiwr
Co*noly. \u25a0 R- \u25a0 ***'.
George Retd. J- Fairbanks. - . _^ n ,
• i ßoys' handicap, race— Aaron Tausais. ai.
p- a.- mc-
? B S?i'"i-«?SS*- aid-insle men.'imt
Jacoby rc4d medal
toX'cU'member receives : the most point,
•n all competitions— N ot decided.
Seven train sections were necessary
to transport , the. employes of 'the -local
freight offices of the Southern- Pacific
Company and. their guests to > tft^ir
twelfth annual outing at Sunset -Park
yesterday. .More than 4000 merry-mak
ers took advantage. of the holiday/ apd
enjoyed a splendid : outing urfderJ.the
trees. The rough element that 'usually
attends picnics was absent, , as :the ?af
fair was strictly invitational. s/r-V
The day was spent In dancing, games,
roaming over the trails and. Sp",6rtfi(g
in the stream that flows through ''the
mountains. |On returning ,ho|ne 'the
picnickers were stalled for three;hOurs
by a derailed sand car. They ttqok the
delay good naturedly and' reached home
at midnight/ ; '« : V •
The success of the outing was due to
the following committees: \u25a0 t'. '.* "\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 < -
Arrangements — W. J. Hardy,'(honor
ary chairman; J. J. Downey, chairman;
John Edwards, W. B. Faulkner, J.{ W.
Lee, J. P. Freeland. A. J. Kasten, A.j W.
Marshel. R. ; V. McAllister, W./A. SWett,
C. A. Muller, H. W. Allen, A. A. fWrede.
J. H. Garry, M. L. Ryder, F. A^Tibbitts,
J. J. Manning, T.W. Kirby; L/ H. 1 , For
tune.'! manager of affairs. "•\u25a0s•),••,
Reception— C. L. Herbst, chairman, P.
N. Gliddon; 8.-B. Cameron, W., Ajißat'es,
John O'Malley.sG..H. Galbraith, ; W. : E.
Tracy, W. J.- Murray;^. B. Selonger/;H.
J. Senter, .\Y. ,L.;Arb|jckle, G. ? .M.; QUd
don, C. :F, <Butte. G.-'.G. Brown, VjW.;H.
Ashman,- W. , L> Frier, ',>\u25a0 Byron ,D.- Bent,
W..L. Wilde. E..A: Ayerill.vC. .T. Cow^ll,
R. J. Hughes, ; Mrs. Miss
Alice Andresseh/ Miss Mabel Wbld, Miss
May Forde. . . ;'! V . .' .
. Floor— W. F.- Long, floor manager;
F. P. Scully, assistant' floor .manager;
Phil Vallejo, J. G. .Cullom, F. J. Ber
tolani, J..A. Lynn, W. S.McKenna,* Ar
thur Flick. v .. ...:> ; ,„ . ;_,:.:.
Games — T. F.. Dela"hey, chairman; G.
H. Brackett. H.A. Cahalan.;W. H. Pray,
C. E. Crew. Max Hegen,' G.' S. . May hew.
Derailed Sand Car Delays Southern Pa
cific Company's Freight Office ; Em- ,
ploycs "and Their Guests. i; %'\u25a0;.)
While strolling along * the \ beach last
Saturday afternoon Mrs. .Andrew Brandt,
whose home is at BU^~ Golden' Gate ave
nue, recovered a wateh\and* several coins
supposed to have ' been' washed up from
the Rio Janeiro wreck. The timepiece
and the money: had : been in' the. water
for some time, and , the hands of the
watch pointed' to the 'time that- the ill
fated steamer, struck the ' rock ano .sank
with 100 human beings. r , "
Whom the watch rbelonged; to Is a mys
tery, as there is no :mark; that would in
dicate its ownership; -The' coins were
picked, up a short distance . frpm' where
the watch was found. \u25a0 . •. . ' \u25a0 j
Mrs. Brandt, retains 'possession of the
watch, -and has matle an ; effdrt to find
its owner. It ' is an 'open-iaced lady s
watch and the chain' has' been, broken
near the clasp.' ?. . . • '•-. •• •'\u25a0'\u25a0 /,
PIC^CKERS RETURN HOME \u0084 -t \
XEAR THE MIDNIGHT " HOUR
Good Results of Missionary Work C'ar
\ , rled On for! Years by Rev. Mr.*'
' Hnnsen in This City. .
; .The Ansgar. Danish Evangelical Lu
itheran" Congregation will begin/ the'
•erection of a church, next .week; to cost
$20,000; of ".which ? $10,000/ has ;, already
been subscribed b^ [the;, congregation
"and business men of San Francisco..."
,' Rey\ P. C^JL.'' Hansen is at the;head
of the mdvemeht and : as. he has been
engagedl; in'" missionary: -work • ; among
the. Danish .'people of the city for a
number! of years, he; has 'succeeded in
arousing the interest'6f .Danish-Ameri
cans "in the ; new project. As there;' is
still 'a large ; sum ; to ,bo subscribed to
.the building, fund an' appeal is made * to
the general^ public who' are interested.
• THE «• VICTIMS i dF-' THE* lIX.-FATED RIO JANEIRO. ' .'•;• ;
DANISH . boXGREGATION • WILL
;;V ; : ERECT A 820,000 CHURCH
The other bulls were warped ashore
with heavy lines and made fast to the
railroad track. When the Curacao sail
ed Taurus the First and Second of that
name were still at liberty. Taurus the
First was in full control of all the hill
pasturage to the eastward. Taurus the
Second, to the westward, had enlisted
the services of a burro as pilot, and un
der the direction of his little guide was
eating up all the verdure on his side of
T opo! obampo.
He then made a gran~ rush through
the crowd, leaped from the wharf to
the beach, marched through the surf
and swam out to the offshore side of
the Curacao. A boat was manned, the
bull captured and towed back to shore.
Once on the beach, he resumed the of
fensive and attacked the boat. All
hands dived overboard. Turning from
the empty boat, the bull discovered W.
G. McCormlck. the stout and smiling
American agent at Topolobampo for
the Mexican and Oriental Navigation
Company.
"He's killed!" shrieked a woman from
the topmost tier of a pile of sugar. Me-
Cormick had lost most of his ward
robe, but 6tlll retained some presence
of mind and. making a record standing
Jump, landed far out in deep water.
And then the bull, bellowing in vic
torious glee, with McCormick's shirt on
one born and the American agent's
linen pantaloons streaming in ribbons
from the other, started up the hill.
Taurus the First had gone to the east
ward. Taurus the Second headed due
west.
The Curacao, which arrived from Mexi
can ports yesterday, carried from this port
fix balls for Topolobampo. The ani
mals were landed safely at their des
tination. j.neir arrival and the" events
which In rapid succession followed
their landing on Mexican soil will not
6oon b« forgotten in that region of hot
days and warmer, nights.
Th« bulls were beasts of high degree.
They "were young and spirited, but
while on board the Curacao behaved as
well bred Btock should. Their exem
plary conduct continued right up. to the
time they were ushered, one at a time,
Into the horse box in which they made
aerial flignt from chip to shore.
The firet bull stepped unreluctantiy
from his stall into the crude airship.
A gate was closed behind him. "Hoist
away." eang Chief Officer Quinn, and
box and bull were yanked high above
the Curacao s deck. Landed on the
wharf, the gate was opened and Taurus
the First backed on Mexican soiL
The rancher to whom the animals
wer« consigned had detailed six peons
for the duty of receiving the bulls.
Each armed with a short rope, « the
Mexican laborers stood smiling on the
wharf waiting to lead away the # horned
pets.
•There's your bull; take him away,"
safd Mate Quinn as Taurus the First
stepped clear of the airship and sur
veyed the neighborhood Into which fate
and the Curacao's tackle had dropped
him.
The bull snorted. He pawed the
wharf for a second or two and then
tried to uppercut with his starboard
horn the man who held the rope which
restrained his liberty. Somebody
laugbed. The bull lowered "his head
and made a rush at the gleeful one,
whose smile wore off as he and the
bull went sprinting through the crowd.
The peon released his hold on tne rope
and after throwing a few more scares
into the assembled Mexicans, the bull
started for the hills. Topolobampo's
main thoroughfare was deserted in a
second and long before the fear-strick
en inhabitants cautiously opened their
doors Taurus the First had disappeared
In a cloud of dust over the high hill on
the face of which sits the town.
Taurus the Second was accepted in
the same informal way. but created
more excitement before taking his de
parture. With one throw of his neck
he freed himself from the man with the
rope and then, selecting first one and
then another of those assembled to see
the fun. he ran about a dozen Topolo
bampoites of various shades \u25a0 to the
tops of lumber piles and into dark re
cesses beneath the wharf.
There was a great "gathering . of the
clans" at Bhell Mound Par^" yesterday, the
occasion being the' annual games of the,
Caledonian ] Club. \u25a0 More than 12.000^ people
were on the. grounds, the largest gather-.
Ing. for many years. Chief D. D. Mcßae,
assisted by ex-Chief A. M. Macpherson,
Fourth .Chief tain William Mitchell and
Third ; Chieftain James H. Duncan, .car
ried out tne long programme expedltlously
and .to the "entire satisfaction of the as
sembled thousands. There was not a
hitch to /mar the harmony of the event.*
A feature of the day was the appearance
of William Steen, the head of the Order
of Scottish Clans of the United States
and Canada. He arrived. for his first visit^
to this city on Monday night, and Chief*
Mcßae and William Mitchell, chairman of
the Music Committee, extended to him the
courtesy of assigning two pipers to escort
him and \the members of Clan Fraser.
from their headquarters at 32 O'Farrell
street, yesterday; morning, to the ferry,
thence to Shell Mound Park. The clan
made a . fine appearance, being over 100
in number, dressed in kilts or plaid and
bonnet. At the grounds ex^Chief D. R.
McNeill of the Caledonian . Club and
Charles Morrison were appointed. a com
mittee, to extend to the distinguished visi
tor, a pleasant .welcome, and they enter
tained him at luncheon at Captain Siebe'3
hotel.. Among the guests were Maxwell
L.." Crowe, first chief of Clan Fraser; ex-
Chiefs :Hugh Fraser, William Cormack
and J. W. King;- Chief ,T. Munroe; Senior
Henchman David Mouat, of Clan Fraser,
and ex-Chiefs John Reid and Angus Mc-
Leod, ,) Brigadier General Thomas* Mc-
Gregor, ' John . McLaren \u25a0 and Andrew Mc-
Nair- of the Caledonian Club.
* Among the - guests who \u25a0 partook of the
hospitality of First Chieftain D. J. Mc
• Farland 'in "the* tent", were:' Chief of
Police' J.F. Dinan, Coroner T. B. W. Le
land, (Police. Judge: E. P., Mogan, \u25a0 Chief
W.McDougald of the Caledonian Club 'of
Truqkee 1 , Cal.. ; - ex-Chief : Morrison of the
Caledonian Club of Sacramento, J..D. iMc-
Gilvray, James McNab, Colin M. Boyd,
John F.? Kennedy -and a host of others.-
The 'hospitality .extended' to all by First
Chieftain . McFarland and his assistants
was a'subject of" universal approbation.^
INTEREST IX BAGPIPES.
? The" events' were keenly contested. \u25a0; One
of the .most interesting was the bagpipe
competition ;, for the -'$250 gold medal,* 1
awarded •' by,. J. :D. % McGilvray. It % was
wpti ; for the" third time in succession iby
iVS.JC Tevendale. and becomes his prop
erty. -" He 'i was warmly congratulated on
his » well r earned .;- honor. The donor .will
another medal for the same competi
tion. The'wrestling on the mat was also
contested .with and ithe /winner,
Policeman P.* A. Mclntyre, earned -the
flrsl v "i»lze. ' The dancing of : :lads and
lassies \oh the platform attracted' great'
attention, as usual. The tug of war was
won'- by • the married men, captained by
Allan McKinnon, ( after a hard struggle
for supremacy. A pleasing event; was the
presentation of a silver j mounted horn by
p., A.^McDougald to Kenneth Mcßae, son
of ;thfe ; chief. '.;
,The games were concluded about six
o'clock and afterward, at. the invitationof
the'- chief, -a large. inumberj gathered ) in
"the" tent," when congratulatory speeches
we're made 'on .the success of the^games.,
uapclng was kept up in the pavilions
from 11' a. *m.,.tlll 8 p. m. Following are
tlie'results of the various events: ( V fi .,- :
1 Quoits— M. J. McMenomy. R. M. McQueen,
\\\ McMichael. . ' \u25a0 :: \u25a0\u25a0 ,
;Best dressed men.' in plain Highland costume
—J. Morris.. Ed, Ross, J.Baxter. !\u25a0. ''
\u25a0Best dressed men. In full Highland -costume
— J. Mclntosh Jr.. W.P. Grant. Neil- Undsay.
. Best dressed boys in full Highland • costume
— K. Mcßae. X. . Murk. C. Grant. '
'Grand Highland reel. \u25a0 men In Highland :cos
\u25a0 tume—^R.- McD. \u25a0 Murray. Ed Ross. J. S. Mc
lntosh.' , '\u25a0*
-•' Race for men — W. Christie. .M. W. Beck,
R. Koss. -^KaKl \u25a0•\u25a0--'• • \u25a0
Throwing heavy hammer — P. A. Mclntyre.
107,feetr3 Inchas; J. J. Cameron. 107 feet 2
inches -.D. W. Dow 102 feet 4 Inches; Thomas
Carroll 101 feet 6 inches;. J. A. Cameron, 1)6
feet 1 10' Inches; A. Falconer. 85 feet 10 Inches.
' Throwing light hammer — J. J. Cameron. 12S
feet S' Inches ; P. A. Mclntyre, 123 feet' 2
Inches- D W. Dow. 120 feet 11 Inches; A.
Falconer 119 feet 9 inches; Thomas Carroll,
117 feet 6 Inches; W.P. Grant. _
' OTHER SPORTS PLEASE.
. Running hop/ step and Jump — J. E. Murphy,
R" E. Cochran. A. E. Gould.
'Putting heavy 'stone — P. A. Mclntyre. A.
Falconer. T.*. Carroll, Haynes. . W. Christie, J.
J. Cameron. •\u25a0'.:- : - \u25a0 ,~ „•
•? Putting light stone — P. A. Mclntyre, 43 feet
l' inch- J.J. Camiron. '40 feet 3 inches; A.
Falconer -30 feet SVi inches; Haynes. ; 30 feet
S inches'- AVllson. 3U;feet 7% Inches; D. ,W.
Dow oflifect 7 Inches; Cutter.
Race - for 'sons of members and of Scottish
societiei— W. Morgan.. M. McDonald. C. Grant.
Handicap race for sons of members of ; Scot
tish, societies— Thomas Carroll. Charles .; Mac-
Donald.- W. Conlan. . •^-'".
\u25a0 Handicap race for . daughters - of members
and of Scottish societies— Mary Colman.'Mary
Hamilton. Ethel Bennet: • r r-t ,
Hurdle race-^-W. 1 Christie. M. W. Beck. R.
E/ Cochran. :--}. *\u25a0 \u25a0 '
Highland fling.- men in Highland . costume —
Ed Ross, J. Mclntosh. R. McD. Murray.
- -Highland fling,' lads and lassies In costume—'
C Coyne.- H. Allen, F, Dorety, P. Allen.
"Sword, dance, -men In- costume — J. S. Mcln
tosh, H. McD. Murray, Ed Ross. v-.j-. '~ .
! Runnlng;jumi> — Gould. „ Cutter. Wilson. '
. Vaulting _with ' the pole-^-Cutter , and I Murphy, j
tie,*- 10 feet, 3 Inches;. Gould, 9 feet 8 inches.
> Reel. CTulloch.- men; in costume— J. S.- Mc-
Intosh, ' R. ; McD. : Murray, J.'/ Baxter. . :
' Ladles'irace— Ara.Wlnrich. ";• " : . -
:'\u25a0 Bagpipe > playing, to be won three yearsin
succession, pibrochs. marches, ; reels, :* strath
speys; \u25a0 first prize ' grand ?250 : gold medal, the
gift of a club member, , and - $25; second prize
• .So baby Torturici ..may. coo at-tho
dishes when, the table is spread, while
mother thinks of the; absent husband
and father and speculates how long it
will be before /the scandal fades from
the memories; of men. '
.Early yesterday morning Mrs. Rosa
Torturici called' upon -Police Captain
Burnett' to Teport that she .was still
within call of the authorities and that
she had no Intention of 'leaving j.H the
city. She carried her baby and was oc
companled *by ilrs. Julia ' Vanni, , ,at
whose house she is living:. Mrs. Tor
turici said she understood that she was
required -to , report daily to the ; police
concerning her whereabouts, but- Cap
tain' Burnett assured her that tha,t was
not necessary. She. then asked: that
her. meager, furniture, stored with the
property clerk, shoufd be delivered;- to
her, as shewished to- set up housekeep
ing. This privilege was granted.' This
was the furniture of the rooms she
and . her husband ; occupied -when - the
body of .Biagglo Vilardo was hacked! to
pieces by 'her husband.. Evidently the
ghostly- souvenirs of that . revolting
murder would call to; her simple, mind
no ghosts of remorse for. her part in
shielding the murderer. The table at
which Vilardo was sitting when he was
stricken : down- with" a cleaver in the
hands of Pictro Torturici would, recall
no horrifying .„ remembrances .to. her.
Even the chair on which the victim sat
would not be proclaimed taboo, and her
little chuckling baby would, sit on a
pillow upon? it and goo, goo, while tno
table was being spread. It Is remem
bered that the wife helpedto cleanup
the blood that' the husband had shed.
It was a disagreeable task, 1 but she was
the" wife' of the murderer and to her he
was more than;.'anyi one' else 'in the
world. In the hands 'of 'her. kind and
sympathetic countrywomen she- could
ignore the past and llverfor her absent
husband, her present baby and! for the
little one to come. \u25a0 ";\u25a0 •:".....-
Exciting Incident Attends
Arrival at the Southern
Port of Steamer Curacao
I. S: E. Teveiidale Awarded
Valuable Gold Medal -for
Best Player on Bagpipes
Wiir Begin \u25a0Housekeeping"
With Her Baby and Mrs.
Vanni for the Present
CLABIS -HER FUENITURE
POPULATION IS KOUTED
TEIALS WELL CONTESTED
subjects. The musical . programme will
be vocal and instrumental, .by talented
people.- The ceremony of Installation
will be entirely Informal and will be a
very \u25a0 pleasant feature .of the evening.
Supper-w ill -be < served In .the large
meeting hall of the society-
Dr. \u25a0 Decker, 'dentist. SO6 Market, ipeclaltr
Cotton saa for painless extraction of teetii. *
: .' Servant Xarrowly.Escapts Death.
• Tessie Suffey, a Norwegian 'domestic
employed" by Mrs.-H.— Anlxter at 1422
Devlsadcro;: street. • accidentally turned
on. the ga.s In her. room last night and
when found she was unconscious. "She
was taken to the Park Emergency Hos
pital and was soon revived. She did not
know, how the accident happened/ for
Mrs. Anlxter had . taken pains to In
struct her In the use of gas.
Blooded Bovines Stampede
the Inhabitants of Mexi
can City of Topolobampo
Thousands 1 Attracted to the
Sports of the Caledonian
Cliib at: Shell Mound Park
She Calls v Upon Detective
Captain %. Burnett to Show
ThaP She \ls Still "\u25a0 Here
Woman :l*icksi> Up Retics on the Beach
ENRAGED BULLS
CAPTURE TOWN
SCOTS' GAMES
ARE ENJOYED
MRS. TORTURICI
VISITS POLICE
FINDS WATCH AND COINS
FROM THE RIO WRECK.
THE- -SAN,;|ERANCISGOVVGALL;: WEDNESDAY, MAY 31, 1905.
16
Notice to Ak
i • \u25a0./^--. --tTv... -;..\u25a0'.-..- •"\u25a0.-:\u25a0 \u25a0 . :-\u25a0-\u25a0 . ; Ask , your carrier .or agent
;' , . , =^ =====^ :S!=======^ = •,''.. ":: \u25a0 for 'particular's of; this offer, y.
_T^ ; A "ff T - CALL carriers or agents I
g :_^ I I "i'l\ will-deliver you a set; oi^
i >^^J_T!_^J__jj___ this glassware^ upon. 'com-;.
'\u25a0/.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 :'...: '... \u25a0\u25a0-. V -,-. ;\u25a0 \u25a0.-. ../-\u25a0.-• \u25a0 v'-:-- -'- -,: v- :pliarice s with. terms of ; offer.
.< .. • \u0084\u25a0 : ...._•\u25a0..-\u25a0 \u25a0 .- \JLtIJ \u25a0__ our io^ivliJ >_<i\o are ;.
i_F^'-' - r_| ' '"• . f": \u2666« ! i entitled ; to - take advantage
i^^l-i'l\^Cir? < i^ l Tl^_?"t Il sk :of the offer ;on the same \
\u25a0JrUlJi^vl llv vl bJ terms as new subscribers.
\u25a0>\u25a0\u25a0'•\u25a0\u25a0.;•.\u25a0•.-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ;.:<\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0,\u25a0-:-.\u25a0,;.;:\u25a0 , v ,.:--;>.-- -'\u25a0 \u25a0>\u25a0-:\u25a0\u25a0-/:-." - J- -. ____ Sign a six months'-., sub- :
,"~~~~ : ~" •,-•\u25a0\u25a0- • "71 7~~7 ~~ scription 'to THE DAILY. Vi
; • "; ; AND; ; SUNDAY: CALU";
A_^9ft't*l/\7lfl /\? ' ; (subscription: =p a y a '.b'\ c j
;JVfllriyClUV-»i"yl'-.' r = mbnthly;as : usual) .- and -you^
• \u25a0 ;^: ; : •\u25a0-\u25a0": ; ; - - J : \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 'V # ." :*: * ' ; become the ; possessor of ;a*.^
;,.- 17.9|1l lJt t _>lTiTllfll ' '\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 : /set"of;this ; beautiful"Tablei
; \ V ttil Mfk VIIIIUIII Glassware ', upon: payment of ,?
-T* 1' 1'- -' ''Z 1 !'" ' ,' soc additional, ~ ; ,this ! - being '
y^e;premium : rate;tb;CALL';
Has Just Arrived and Is -. Ready '\u25a0\u25a0'r.' :: --.r<-:. •\u25a0--• \u25a0\u25a0• .-••\u25a0•'\u25a0 .-__.
ior^Distribution. :
6!c6nnqr. moffatt <a> x:o.
jf\f Illl>6 WSISt>S
"We have : just received a shipment of WHITE LAWN
WAlSTS.which will be placed on sale to-day. These
waists are made of a very fine quality lawn, • with full
££ d^£^ w !.!'T.° r - !?f:^:..54.50 each
... * Worth $6.00. . • t _: .
Wash Fabrics
PRINTED LAWNS— Large variety of printed lawns and
swisses, : dark, medium, light white pj-r yar<l
grounds, stripes, figured and d0t5........ I^2W JOIU
COLORED ORGANDY— PIain colored dress Organdies for
evening wear, all the newest shades, also black jg^ yjflj
FANCY WHITE MATERIALS— For Summer Waists, dresses
1 and children's wear. Dainty lace* effects, -U-Ifif* y«*4
stripes and checks...... .'...•...-....• lt) * J ai^
WASH TISSUE— Fine assortment of •colors and patterns in
Egyptian Tissue, sheer and- strong. . Checks, nZn VAtA
stripes and* embroidered figures :•- " vy JUIUJ U1U
Parasols
The largest variety of newest styles in parasols to be seen in
the city. Plain and embroidered pongees, with the new
ivory tips. Plain and fancy silks In -a ve.ry.wide range of
colors.
Price, $1.50 to $10 each
Belts
A new line of BELTS, in leather, silk and washable materials.
Large assortment of WASH BELTS, in white Oxford, white
duck and fancy figured good's, embroidered 5A r p«Af.
in both white and colors. All sizes.' at...... OUW CdWII
Well made CRUSH LEATHER BELTS, 3# inches wide, in
white, black and tan, with solid gilt or black jUU gflcll
TUCKED SILK BELTS in white and* colors.
50c, 60c, $1.00, $1.25 each
Lattice Examine
Reduced t>o'4oc yard"
"'All wool, hard twisted yarn, lattice ' etamines. open mesh
weave, in - the ;- following colors : 3 shades 'of navy, 2
shades of .Brown, 2 shades, of Green, Tan, Cardinal. Gray
• and \u25a0 Black. A ; splendid wearing material and iA r . v « r 4
•; -sold. at. $1.25 yard. -Reduced t0.... *tUW J<UU
Orders \u25a0
Proinpiiy :
Filled 111 to 121 P^t Street
RATIONAL TREATMENT
Stomach Diseases
MCANS t
Discard Inj\irio\is Drug;s
use
A Harmless Powerful Germicide
: Endorsed ty Leading Physicians.
Send twenty-five cents to pay postage
on Frss Trial BottU. Sold by leading
druggists.
NOT CCNUINK WITHOUT MY SUJMATVUt:
C\ A
( y a /)Q jt — 4 — a »
\ V 6 1 0 PRINCt ST.. NEW YORK, f
, Worrt row r*tx Sooiarr an Ratio»«ai. Twu-morr
«^^^gg^g^ HEAL A
"^^jH^v jR "^~^ DENTISTS
i/tii^^tefr ®
___r Without ___T
Jar o*t Piate3, 54.00. jES/r
_T VAN VTIOOM
I Hours: 9too. • _9_K
__ Sundays 9ta 5. _^y^ . ' 1001
-JUST UKt A PLEASANT HOME."
NEW RUSS HOUSE-™
CHAS. NEWMAN CO.. Props.
Convenient to all car Un«a. placea. or amuse-
ment and prominent buildings. A hotel ol un-
excelled service. European. $t per day up-
ward; American. $2 per day upward. Special
rates to families. Tha famous Rusa ala cart*
dinners. 75c. The table Is «U. piled with prod-
ucts direct . from Mr. . Newman" •» ranch. -!•?-
cantlte Lunch $7 per, month.
BLANKETS
Made ioft and white Sle NEW by oat ncn-Arinl-
able ptocrst, as done at the Woolen Miik
CALIFORNIA BLANKET CLEANING WORKS
Phone Jennie' 3»tC ' 1810 Market St.
TO LEASE.
.. Lone term. Spur track, la destrable
location. "Factory or warehouse. 'Apply
Rooms .701-2. Call bull dins.
- GHIRARDEIIJS ~
i V | m f/jjjw; You'll never /know; l| l»/l : '#Pf I
if V / V find Cj x* oo©x* s' •\u25a0* " * " nI ~ij 1 '
' (O*V .'" '*'- * >-' i