Continued [ on 1 Page ' : ,• Column 3,*
AVar ", News I Continued Ton ; Pagel 2.'
Experts Ef-tima to That : Conflagration
\VillCost~ Insurance Companies
V'j : *S,S85,000.
TORONTO. Ontario. April 21.
lots by the * fire' of Tuesday • night is
growing. - j The total as estimated * by
insurance experts Is now said to reach
at least 513,000,000. The'losses of the
insurance companies - approximate
js,iS5,ooe. —
LOSS BX r ;TX)ROXlX) FTRE
APPROXIMATES 1 , $13,000,000
'Alexieff <¦ hasTi issued' an ¦'important "order
declaring > railroad 'rstatiori
arid Hhe.'i native .* village { adjoining " , It* to'
be ; A withiri ;the>i region
law.^.This isVa^terminus' of; the Peking- :
Shan haikwan? railroad^ arid ji telpgraph'
systeinV^^.^'eVoVder>alsoyie^'tablishes>'a
censorship over- -.. all ;". telegrams, *;;the
scrutiny/of ' passengers \ and \the\ inspec
tion of ¦¦ their^baggage/.".-: It «¦ will j go/into'
effect Ito-morrow." "¦: \. ; <.¦";,¦ ; ;-; '¦'/¦ '
Yinkow.^Urider rMartial ."Law.
DETAILS OP THE PROCEEDINGS.
How' the^Olneyitcs : Triumphed IOtct
whclmingly on Each Ballot. - -
y BOSTON, s April 21.— Permarient or
ganization; of 'the *; Democratic"' State
Convention "was effected by the
election' of John J." Flaherty, of Glouces
ter as fchain^n.'*;The'cbnv5ntlon;. then
prcKieeded r to. the Selection fof {delegates
!at-large. I to"; the 7 natlonall convention.
There/, were Uwo; sets of ' known
i by* the ] name; of ' t he~ respective " factions,*
Olney and Hearst.
.; The? former bore . these ; names : Wll
liam; A; T.Gastori.'VBostqn;'- Patrick A.
Collins,"; Boston; f". William \L.\ Douglas,
Brockton, and John R. .Thayer,' Worces
ter7 £ '^BQBHVffiH9MEpwBHS
* -Harst ballots had th© following
OTTAWA. April 21.—The House of
Commons divided, to-day on the
amendment of the- leader of the oppo-
Eitionto the motion of Sir Wilfrid
Laurler, the Premier, to go into com
mittee on the proposed modification
of. the Grand .Tr.unk Pacific contracL
The amendment was lost. 61 for to
1J€ against, a majority of 55 for- the
Government. t
Government Party Votes -Down Plan
to Go Into Committee on Grand '
Trunk . Contract.
PREMIER LAURIER DEFEATS
OPPOSITIONS A3EEXDMENT
ST.* { PETERSBURG,"- April {- 22.— All;
doubt ; as ; itb- the (of > "ith'e^ destruc-j
tion 'of , the • battleship ; f Petropavlovsk '
arid . the damageVto.the/batlleship;Po
bieda at Port .Arthur r is •dissipated;. l>y!
the "report ;' submitted "by,.;, telegraph^ to
tlie Emperor yesterday. v; In ;it J'Viceroy,
Alexieff \ stated-,;!^ a^ way ; that," leaves;
the*: matter; no -longer, an ; bperi I question'
tnat> mines j*wejre^res"porisibler; :fo'r^ >.the:
disaster. * r of \ the ipiresf"
ence of t Japanese 1 ships off 'jPortVArthur"
on the, nightipreceding i the ' going outfof ,
the fRussiarirships,. .which .were '.watched
by Admiral < Makaroff , ; tends I to » estab- ¦
lish- Vice -"Admiral clalmsVthat
his i ships 'laid the .mines ton -which"; the
Russian C battleships^ struck^ .'¦¦' ,: , - : i , ;
¦ The "^yicerpy-'s |; report . was* • sent tonly (
after the ¦thorough' investigation* order-'
"cd »by, the'. Emperor J had^beeri^made.; It
waf; publiEh'ea r f this, morning.^ thrbughT
the ": war ; cbrhinissiony^ It':^j explicitly^
states^that ,-; VuhdeV'the ' Btarboard* side'
bfjth'eTPetropavJoysk.theretyasJan^ek-^
plosion," ". and fspeclflcally; states ¦ that { a
mineYexploded 'under Hhe -Pobieda. j :
.' .That the J Russian -ships didj not
th"eirTo*vifnrmineiB^ls"*sh"ojwifibyM
lire! of • th ely Icerby t tcTinention \ any thing
of - the t kind ? and]> bVi the f positive ? state
ment of the- Port Admiralty that Ad
miral I Makarbft was - f amil laf,i w lth> the"
Jocatib'riTof ..'the toi^edoes .'defending! trie
port. The Russian 4 officials' also] f ailito'
Alexleff's I Report .-.Makes i c Plain Jv the.
, Cause of .".Battleship •-"Disaster; .'
GIVES "TOGO v THE CREDIT.
.• •: PARIS, ! Aipril : 22.— The ,; Echo ; de^Paris
this v morning
dispatch^ from v its St.'f Petersburg;cor
respondent:'.'-,. .¦.-,,. . , . ;.-, : ,'..,. "-. Lj ' .';.- ¦'.». "
[ f V ice , Admiral , vi'skrydloff • :?will ? not
.leaveifor the,Far<East;beforei:Wednes
day^riext,;remairiing;here to'atterid the
'Council < of "' Admirals,^ smitimoried/ - by
¦High^Admiral '^iexis^-v^ich ;wiil?f Ve
'uridef.thelpresidency of.'theiEraperor.?;
V^TiJiamVlhforme^
.yiQepAdmlrallChqukniri. NvilO p'ro^bably
b'eY appointed :'¦ ,to Vth^J cb'mmaridXof ' the
Baltic fleet ; , that ,Rear Admiral',Rojest
ye*nsky^. i will;' "succeed ','¦' Vicie /v Admiral
Skfydloff •' in .^command ' c of ; the. : Bhlck
Sea'; fleet,' arid ;that*j Vice JAdmlral^Bezd
brazoff -, will (go* tp^Pqrt iwher'e
he "will ; assume." command ; under %V ice
"Admiral .Skrydloff.'Vv,",' . ', ..¦'. -.*'::
16ft r : at : Port ; Arthur.
Bezobraioff-- Wiii; S^rve -Under., Skryd-
ADMlRAiTyl CHANGES.
'; ST. PETERSBURG, ;. April 2L— The
Adrnfraltyv it is announced, intends to
fit out two shipspurchased from Ger
many, which formerly were in the
trans- Atlantic service", ' togetheV with ' a
number'.of t ships^of .^the.'.yolunteer.. fleet,
with -rapid-fire guns." and; send them . to
the- Pacific to prey upon Japanese* com
merce: The Admiralty believes that by
this means it can prevent the resump
tion of /operations \ by -• the* * Japanese
commefcjalv fleet and ¦ strike a ; hard
blow- against, Japan's^ hope of main
taining. hei\ resources _forlthe prosecu
tion of ;the' war; . ¦; ,
If is authoritatively stated that Rus
sia 'has* been offered,- through' a 'well
known- New York firm, two -7000-ton
and twpjiOOO^toh* cruisers" belonging to
a South American country, •but'de*
clined the offer. - -.'• '•;•• ._'¦'<¦
In order: to harmonize the army and
r.avy- operations, ', Vice Admiral- Skryd-
Ioff will ; stop ( at Liaoyang ' on 5 his -.way
to ' Port "Arthur, to confer with General
Kuropatkin/.; The admiral and the.gen
eral ' are'- warm, personal - frleifds r and
bothare completely, independeritybf s the
viceroy! -'. In spite. of the Jba'dl relations
between" Skrydloff ..and ; Alexleff, pres
sure • is being brought \ to bear" to "pre*;
vent', the :.vlcerby!s .immediate ; return . to
the : RussiariVcapital." . . > , " , -;
i/.-'All . information . in , possession ' of I the
general' staff , indicates • that' the ] Japan
ese are'.preparlng ,to '. make . a ,; landing
near Takushan.. The : lights t of Japan
ese shipsT have \ been 'observed \ there ; for
several ; nights/ and^it^is^belleve'd r^th'at
the" 'debarkaUon of 'troopV'has:beeri : de
layed only, by^the'i bad^weattier, -' which
has . prevented^ the of i .the
Junks; and* other, sriiall* craft; (oni which
the/troop's ; must •. be " carried \ across 'the
stretch ; of - shallow^; water : which - ex
tends r several \ milesjf roth the • shore. ' It
is'<belleved' that ;the"i Japanese "will* ex-
periencel great ' difficulty 5 inj. debarking
if their, landing > is', resisted. ¦ . : . i
: A prominent .naval ; attache whoj is
familiar" with vthe'ebast says 5a.battal
ion with: rapidTfire' arid; machine guns
could keep .off -an • army..; corps,-, as \ the
warships (would then haye;to;lie s too|far
out-' to • effectively.^ protect : a ¦ landing: ; -- .
understand :i. : .the.l r : 1" surprising . ?-. blunder
caused '.b^y! the of Russian
.torpedo- boat","' destroyers ; in v the
Japanese^ torpedo-boats J for,* a"*. : Russian
'flotilla,^whlch 5 resuite'di;inV.thV;loss' of
the Strasfuii' ;." " . I. '. , ".'.!*".;* '.'f..^ .' '• ¦'
Auxiliary Ships to Be^rmed Jjpitfcti
cuid Dispatched in (^
"The *.. United •¦ States, --with - $58,000,000
in silver in "hand, a mass of metal that
would . fill : five" hundred 'cars and which'
It costs $100,000 to recount," now'deliber
ately r proposes ; to • forever,- store -this
enormous * mass arid .to .' add s to'- the'
amounC : Every; dollar, so purchased i is,'
in : effect, (equivalent 'to -the coinage of
full ; legal f tender } In our own currency."
This p r mendment ' was put into the
sundry' civil:. bill' on "authority of the
Senate 'Committee on' Finance and
when' it £oes back' to "the. House to
rnoiTow or "Saturday .that body must
go on record. . . ' _ " ;
Representative Hemenway, chaixmah
of the appropriations' committee, will
move to'amend the' amendment by pro
dding for •' the recoinage ' of standard
silver dollars now. stored in, the; vaults
of the treasury- " The : question will
therefore "call for an alignment; o* 'the
silver and anti-silver forces. .The
amendment Heme'nway will , propose
is a paragraph in the Hill currency bill
which has been favorably reported _ in
the House, but which will hot 'be taken
up this session. ' . -« .;
In dlscussirigTHe' silver' amendment
to-day. Mr. Hill said: . 7 ;
"I think it is", a remarkable piece of
legislation that in the closing hours of
Congress '. and without - : a word- cf de^
bate an amendment of two lines,«ihould
be attached 7to the sundry .civil > bill
opening . ¦ unlimited * purchase ' of ; silver,
for • unlimited' ; subsidiary ' coinage
against the* written advice of the Secre
tary of the; Treasury. On- the ques
tion of sound- money two Presidential
elections ' have '• been ' fought and "¦ won
by 'the" Republican, party and-for ' the
Republican.party to embarrass the elec
tion of a Republican -House, of ;Repre
'sentatives by, ; action ".of 'this kind is ¦to
me amazing. : - -. -' L!
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON. April 21.— In the sun
dry civil bill f now in conference is the
two-line Senate amendment which re
opens in Congress, in its closing hours,
the whole silver question. Should it
become; a lav; It would again commit
the Government to the purchase of sil
ver bullion. . - • . ¦ -
v \The; act :of -Livernash- is 'the^ subject
o£ ; some {very ; harsh ; criticism iby many
jWhOjknbwithat ; it \ was riqt^ provoked ,by
any /legitimate^ objection,; to'", the . bill,
:' to '^"Work 4 ; petty.- vengeance
upoTiVits: author.' \^ '
,V : In*f ac,C there ;was no objection > to the
¦bill ¦'Vn'.part of *any; one ¦ interested: The
Coromittee.oh'riublic'landshad report
. ed / it ? unanimously v and * Speaker, Can- '
,non- yesterday, \ a f ter Jcaref ully examin
ing » it, agfeeH %to> recognize 7 Beil ( to-day
for. ;t he': purpose, of , asking ; unanimous'
consent \tG - - take -»* it - up - out "of -' order,
'which4:is J the;ionly -way.' by Iwhich It
could, be^ reached} this sessionl .1 ' . -
./;The.pr6'graJnme\was carried out to
day' and VBell ? arose t in J his "place ' and
asked -for." ,! unanimous !;;• consent ;'of * the
House for. immediate consideration/ To
hig , surprise,*' Livernash'.' sprahg'-'to'-i hid
f eetj and < objected-jfthe . -^ voice ; in
the- '-House:ac:ainst*the>bllLV , This'; left
Bell; nonrecourse- but) to jtake:^^his /seat
and :'al1owjh1s to' passJ^Had
the/biil'ibeen] allowed' toJcomeVtoTavyote
Jt^certalnly^would^'^haVe^/passedjthe
House .with'almostrequal certainty*
would .* have, got ' th'rough^the" 1 * Senate'
this, session. *.'. ' . . ¦ ¦ . » *
i - CALL. BUREAU, -HOTEL BARTON,
/ WASHING.TON, : :Apfil = 21.— The quarrel
between/ .Democratic -Representatives
Livernash and- Bell of California, which
began r early , fin the ' '.. session, • had a
sohiewhat;"' astonishing manifestation
on . the .fl.ooV.of^th^ House tto-day, and
had ', the £.eff ect 'y of .defeating, • at the
hands, of LivernashV' with 'no other pur
pose ¦ than to aptte Belij-a bit of legisla
tion- of great f inYportance '• to California.
>¦ Bell- Is ;the 7 WuthVr of :a*blllfto throw
open' to set'tlenieivt under.thV homestead
law- a" tract of lahd^covering'W.OOO acres
in ¦-. ilenaocino y County, . .which ' fourteen
years agb/was.^critj out ; of j the -Round
Valley ; IndianS Reservatio'n.' 1 '• The ¦ bill
provides V-'for -securing' ¦ to^- the /settlers
n'owj'occupyingr the ..'land ithelrl prior
rlghts;and ; was '.acceptable to. them,- as
also to 'the* Indians.- ' /-
Special *Dl»patch I to The ' Call,
WASHINGTON'. April 21.— in re
eponse to the request of H. M. Squier,
chairman of the committee in charge
of the celebration of the launching of
the cruiser California. Senator Per
kins to-d.ay communicated with the
Navy Department and" made known
the elaborate plans Sati Francisco and
the Native Sons of .the Golden West
have made and asked that the depart
ment send as many ships of war to the
bay to take part In the , demonstra
tion of April 28 as may be possible.
The Senator received assurances that
all would be done that can be done In
that way. Just how many, ships; will
be sent could not be stated.
y«.vy Dej>artment Promises to Make
Birtli of Crniscr California Mem
orable Affair.
WILL SEND WARSHIPS
TO ATTEND LAUNCHING
Silver Question Is
Once More to
tlieFore.
Defeats JB01 Because
LIVERNASH
GIVES REIN
TO MALICE
OLD ISSUE
CONFRONTS
CONGRESS
NEW TORIC April 21.— Former
United States Senator James Smith of
Newark. N\ J., started for California
this afternoon on business connected
with his duties a.s receiver of the
United States Shipbuilding Company,
one of the subsidiary concerns of
which is the Union Iron Works of San
Francisco. He is to make a thorough
inspection of the latter plant and con
eult with the accountants and expert
property examiners, who have been at
tvork there for pome time, for the
purpose; of preparing .a report to the
Courts upon the condition of the Pa
cific Coast property of the shipbuild
ing company.
tion of the Cnfoii Irxm Works
Property.
Will Make a Thorough Inspec-
HECEJVER JAMES SMITH . .
STARTS FOR CALIFORNIA
POR T ARTHUR CHANNEL EFFECTUALLY BLOCKED
\ '' LONDON. April 22:— The Tokio correspondent of the Daily:-'£clcgraph "says ; that /Port
Arthur undoubtedly is effectually 'blocked /and] that irjcnts'arc 'culminating ¦ the- .doomed
fortress. ' .-¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ •¦ •> \* .*" ««''.. ;***,» "' r "\ 1 .' 'V* T ,','J"
. - A correspondent of the Times, xabling- from Neicclncang; says that/a \\mcsscngervhas'ar
rived there from the Vain River iuifh the .information- that; the -'Russians 1 - are .fl'ccingr north
across 'the river in overcrowded tboatsi and jjre losing hundreds by drowning. ¦¦¦ ; « ; £ , r: . , . . . \ '
THc\corrcspondcnt of the Standard at Tientsin hat .; Japanese <troops .arc^embark
ing from Korea and possibly are being reinforced ' ;by \ the.f 'prices
the Russians have practically zvithdrazimy ' '':-: : ;•'¦ v - ' • ¦ ;,•;.•" ¦'¦;"' -;;-*V -..' -.;'-¦-" - •; '*<--J- ¦'.-.
; : "PARIS; April a2.— The. SC
learned. that GcncraT Kuropatkin ¦ has : ordered the advanccyo^lthciyRussia'n/forcc/Avhjfhd^c
massed in Northeastern Korea , and ihai^a \ brigade.' of .'re; //^ooo; Cossack's;. is] ivithin
a [hundred vcrsts of the banks of the Tumen River. * ¦ • ¦ : ' - i ' . - : V?i • . - - > -^- ¦•-
JAPANESE TROOPS PITCHING CAMP AFTER LAN DING FROM TRANSPORTS JOX ; THE >V ESTER X r COAST OF KOREA!
The road is an unfrequented one,
Keveral miles from .town, and had it
not been for the prompt action' of
Mrs. Lennox the doctor might have
suffered for hour*:, . .
- ~ "If 'they , were' instructed." he said,
"by their* own conventions, they will
act .^accordingly. If: they are. unin
structed they will r vote according to
their ;will and the- national con
tention will \ not .for a /moment give
consideration to -to-day's convention."
The reading of this report was the
signal {for another -uproar. . The ques
tion then came up on the I substitution
of the' minority report of the com
mittee for : the majority report. A
heated debate fallowed. Delegate Cun
ningham of Somerville ¦ declaring that
if the Hearst delegates were. not given
a "fair show" they would form a new
party. \ . . . , ' - '
5 A^ vote on a substitution resulted in
an overwhelming victory for the Olney
forces, the -motion - to - substitute being
lost. • . . ¦
; , At this point, the committee on bal
iots' reported the : result of the voting
for the • delegates . at large. .
After 'adjournment George Fret! Wil
liams , issued a , statement in which he
said that' the action' of the convention
in adopting * the" unit " rule was a rank*
absurdity from ..beginning .to end-" and
that the district delegates would . pay
no attention to • to-day's -rule. : ';
threatens to 4 'Bolt."
When the committee" on ballots re
tired the chairman of the committee
on resolutions presented the majority
report ]ot his . committee. . These reso
lutions' favored the candidacy of Olney
for President and instructed the entire
State delegation for him.
It was during the reading of these
resolutions that the convention; reach
ed the climax. of its turbulence. Th«»
first mention of the name of Olney
evoked prolonged applause, but when
the . motion for adoption of the unit
rule . was made there was .- an uproar.
Shouts of "No, no" from the Hearst
delegates rang through the hall and
cries of. "It's an outrage" could be
distinguished in the 'general noise and
confusion. . ". . •
.When this demonstration had sub
sided, the^ minority "report _ was read,
indorsing Hearst as the Democratic
nominee.
. The proceedings of r the ._ convention
were marked at times by scenes of the
greatest turbulence.
The platform adopted consisted of a
single plank, an indorsement of Olney,
and instructs the delegates to vote as
a- unit for him. .'
TJPKOAR IX COXVENTIOy.
BOSTON, April 21.— By an over
whelming vote the Massachusetts
Democratic Convention in Xremont
Temple instructed four delegates at
large and twenty delegates from the
various Congressional , districts of the
State to support. Richard Olney of this
city for the Presidential nomination at
the i Democratic National Convention
next July.
Four delegates at large pledged to
the support of Olney were- elected, and
the Hearst supporters were defeated
by a vote of about 600 to 200. A reso
lution indorsing Hearst was voted down
by a. large majority.
The following were elected delegates
at large: "William A. Gaston, Mayor
Patrick A. Collins, William L. Doug
lass and Congressman. John It. Thayer.
George Fred Williams, leader of the
factic-n of the Massachusetts Democ
racy supporting Hearst's candidacy,
made a. vigorous 'protest, against tha
adoption" of the "unit rule, but the con
vention, by a vote of nearly 3 to 1,
refused to strike from the platform the
clause "calling for unanimous action
with . reference to ..Presidential nomi
nees, " and after adopting the ; resolu
tions presented by the ' majority of its
/committee s voted, on^rndtion -of Mayor
Josiah Quincy," that the unit rule gov
ern not only the support of Olney but
also all 'matters -pertaining to the con
vention. '
Meanwhile Mrs. Lennox ran to a
neighboring house for assistance. Re
turning on the run with R. A- Em
mett, she found the doctor's strength
had left him with the limb; but half
cut through. The buffering; man
begged. th*. two to complete the work.
The man hesitated. Mrs. Lennox quick
ly look the knife, cut through the re
maining tendons and then bound the
Mound with her silk muffler. By this
lime Dr. Matson was unconscious,. but
the plucky woman helped to carry him
to the Emmett house," where he'is how
lying in a critical condition, but may
recover. . • '. . ' ' • - ' .-.
fcpecini-Ditpatch to The Ca.ll
KLAMATH FALLS. April 21. — Re
turning from the deathbed of R. W.
M&rple, who had died from injuries
received in a runaway accident. Dr. O.
W. Master, of this town himself be
came the: victim of an accident and
would have lain In the road with a
half-nmputated leg had it not been
for the pluck of Mr*. Lydia Lennox,
who was accompanying him to - town
from near Klamath Hot Springs.
On the rough road a sudden jolt
thr?w the doctor over the dashboard
of the buggy. His leg was caught in
the whf-el and almost entirely twisted
off near the knee. Realizing that he
must help himself. Dr. Matson, as he
lay on the roadside, sawed away with
his poeketknife in an attempt to am
putate the injured member.
Medical Man Returning From Death
bed of a Patient Meets With
a Severe Accident.
Convention Held at Boston Overwhelm
ingly Rejects a Resolution In
dorsing the Editor.
Plucky Companion.in Vehi
cle Completes Surgical
Operation.
Hearst Boomers Are Snow
ed Unfler by a Majority ol
Tliree to One,
Injured Doctor Tries
Amputation o!
His Leg.
MassacMsetts Dem
ocrats Adopt Unit
Rule.
COURAGE
OF WOMAN
SAVES LIFE
BAY STATE
INSTRUCTS
FOR OLNEY
RUSSIA WILL SEND SQUADRON OF CRUISERS
TO PREY UPON THE COMMERCE OF JAPAN
SAN FRANCISCO,, fFRIDW^ATOIIi^22pLl9Qy
¦VOLUME XCV—NO. 144.
PRICE FIVE GENTS.
Alcazar — "The ' Xriiky M».
- Johnson." ' - ¦
Alfaamtora — "Hi« Soyal Wibf."
i California— "The Greatest Thin*
iln the World."
. Central— ''The White Squadron."
: Chutes—^Vaudeville. '-. " - ¦-*-
Columbia— -"Bunn in* for Office.'.'
• Fischer's — "Chow Chow.'* V
¦Grand— "Holty Totty." ,V
Itajwrtic— "The CrUl»." "
- Orpheujn — Vaudeville. . , •
Tlvoli— "The Bertrar Student."
Tor*ca«t mad* *t Baa, Fraa
eicoo for thirty honri endlnjr
mifinlsrfct, A.prU 23 1
Sea Franciico mad vicinity-
Cloudy, txawttled ¦weather Trl
c«.t. wlta showers; brisk sonth
erly wiafts.
A. O. XeASXE.
Uiitrict ForecMter.
The San Francisco Call.Disguised as Chinese. 1
I MUKDEN, April 21.— The operations
of * the 1 Russians; ; in ..Manchuria, are
Manchuria Is Swarming ,,With .. Spies
JAPANESE ' GROW . QUEUES.
I ;::LONpON^April!:2l;— The • veteran
actor I arid _i play wright; John' Clbemah^
died tbrday. * He : played twith' Macready
andj.'collaborated ': wither thVjnbvelist,
Charles .Reada* ' *¦ " " '.'
Veteran i Actor i Dies.
The woman has' not. been arrest
ed, but will be sent to California- when
Doyle is returned. According to a let
ter from Downing the woman left six
smalt children : in a room to ' shift * f or
themselves and* the -little ones would
havp Btarved to death biiu for: their
timely rescue * by the ,-police.' '¦* • - - . •; ;
ST. LOUIS, April 2L—W. D. Doyle,
who was arrested here last nlght^on
request. of Constable ; Charles Downing
of Suisun, Cal.,' refuses; to return with
out . requisition papers. Doyle was
found with a 1 woman believed to be the
one - described by Constable Downing
as another, man's wife.
Man Arrested at Sjt. Louis ' on . Com
plaint of California Constable Re- ¦-
fuses to Come West.
REQUISITION- PAPERS *
DE3IANDED BY DOYLE
ROME, April : 2 1'.~ Popei:Piu8,'s in or-;
der .to » reconcile the ecclesiastic con
tests the 'Roman Catholic Poles and
Germans | ln_. the United States,' is about
.to'/publlsh^'Vdocument- making [equal
concessions ; to *both races. , It is prob
able ' '; that -these ; ; two * sections of ; the
church will be \ placed rurider , national
vicars, with" episcopal jurisdiction,; 1 but
nominally; 'visubjectV to' territorial
Bishops. Cardinal I Merry del? Val,'
papal ¦ secretary,',; strongly supports 7 this
Innovation^ overruling '• the ' objections
of "various" Cardinals and'severalAmer-*
icari Bishops. /¦ ; '/' '".' ' '
Will Shortly: Issue Document .Making
.: Equal: Concessions to Catholic
• . ' Poles ' and Germans.
POPE ANXIOUS ¦ TO SETTLE
•ECCLESIASnO CONTESTS
Quiet at Port . Arthur.
PORT ARTHUR, April 2l(— All quiet
here since April ; 16. .There are no signs
of the enemy's transports, off the coast
of the ¦peninsula.' 1
1 During ; their stay here the American
marines -havV been ; crowded ¦ in a small
house ? in the; legation The
impossibility/of f housing - the ! men •prop
erly during; the hot f weather,'.: the , tran
quil conditions '; prevailirig'.'at Seoul at
the present ', time and Uhe ' presence in
the city .."of ; a Japanese "garrison i suffl-'
dent .'to .quell- any disturbance which
may. arise- have led ; the .American au
thorities* to -decide upon Jthe"; reduction
of the legation; guard. v;-'. i: i
. i SEOUL. Korea, April 21.— Lieutenant
Douglas C. ; McDonald," United -States
marine corps, and seventy privates of
the/ marine, guard which had been on
duty. 'at - the /American ;. legation here
have been' ordered; to .leave; : They will
sail : -from t 5 Chemulpo I on the United
States 'cruiser Raleigh for Manila." j
AMERICAN MARINES RETIRE.
SEOUL, Korea, 1 April 21— Latest ad
vices do not confirm the reported occu
pation by; Russian troops of .t Pukcheng,
a town;' about. seventy, miles down from
Songjin on the east coast of Korea.
Pnkcheng Not Held by - Russians.
Declines a Nomination.
NEW YORK. April 21.— Robert R.
Roosevelt, an uncle of President Roose
velt, who was nominated as an elector
by the Democratic State Convention at
Albany last week, has declined to ac
cept such nomination because of his re
lationship to the President.
TIENTSIN, April 21.— Russian's at
Tientsin do not believe that the recent
resignation of Admiral " Alexieff \ as
Viceroy of the^Emperor In the Far East
will be accepted , by the St.- Petersburg
authorities. ';,'•¦¦ . : \ .
Alexieff May Not Be Retired.
•TUCSON. Ariz., April 21. — Colonel
James A. Zabriskie, one of the best
known citizens of Arizona and a lead-
Ing Republican politician of the Ter
ritory, died here to-day. He was
United States District Attorney for
Arizona under President Arthur and a
member of the Boartl of Regents of
the University of Arizona.
Death Calls Noted Arizonan.
"Accompanied by Astronomer See
burg and two traders, I left the winter
quarters of the Zeria, in Nirpich Bay,
on June 7. We proceeded by the north
ern shore of Kotelny and Thaddeus
Islands to Cape ViBoki, arid on July 13
we headed for Bennett Island. The Ice
was rather broken on July 25, and we
prepared to take to native boats. Here
we killed the last of our dogs. The ice
floe on which we camped carried us in
four and a half days forty-eight miles
on our course, but bearing off we left
it on July 31, crossing the remaining
twenty-three miles to Bennett Island,'
landing on August 3 at Cape Emma,"
The document in conclusion says:
"We are leaving a number of record
ing photographic Instruments and start
to-day for the south provisioned for
fourteen to twenty days. All are well.
We are In 76 degrees 38 minutes north,
149 degrees 42 minutes east
"BARON TOLL.",
ST. PETERSBURG, April 21.— The
last document left by Baron Toll, the
Arctic explorer, from whom nothing
has been heard directly since he left
the yacht Zeria in 1902 and started for
Bennett Island, and who is reported to
have perished in the Arctic Ocean, has
been found by Lieutenant Kolchak. It
is dated at Paul Keppan Bay, Bennett
Island, November 11, 1902, and is as fol
lows: ->;'-W
Missive Supposed to Have
Been Written l)y Explorer
Is Picked Up by Kolchak
TRACE OF TOLL
FOUND AT LAST
SEOUL. ; April J21.— Strong rumors are
current here of a. land engagement yes
terday near. the. mouth of the Yalu, the
result of which is unknown. ',
Russian, scouts reached! Pukcheng.
100 /'miles north of Wonson, evidently
with the j idea of making a demonstra
tion against* the latter place, hoping. to
draw a Japanese force in. that direc
tion, but a superior force of Japanese
met : the Russians and caused them ; to
retire. Both armies are using the same
tactics on the eastern as on the west
ern Korean; coast. .
Special . Cable to. The Call and New York Her
ald., Copyright, 1904, by the^New York
Herald Publishing Company.. . ;-
Belief : in Korean Capital That Land
.\ Engagement Has. Occurred. >
RUMORS OF A BATTLE.
Armed Texas Posse Follows Colored
Man Said to Have Committed
a Crime.
AUSTIN. Tex., April 21.— Armed
posses are in pursuit of a negro who,
it is charged, criminally assaulted and
murdered Lulu Sanberg, a : white girl,
to-day near Manor, fourteen miles from
this city. The young woman was driv
ing t<» town in a buggy, when the negro
attacked her. dragged her from the ve
hicle and cut her throat with a razor.
3IOB CHASES XEGRO WHO
MURDERED WHITE WOMAN
• NEWCHWANG, Aprir 21.— An order
issued by the Russian military authori
ties, through the commissioner of cus
toms here, notifying the pilots of New
chwang that pilot who gave as
sistance to any Japanese; s,hlp in the
waters leading to Newchwang would
be held responsible to the full extent
of martial law, was made a subject of
inquiry by three of .the foreign Consuls
here with regard to the exact meaning
of the words "full extent of martial
law." ."' i/i'h?.
To these' inquiries the Russian an
thorities replied -that' the assisting of
Japanese ships In the waters mentioned
would subject the offending, pilots to
the same treatment given Russian sub
jects and traitors, based upon the. fact
that the Russian authorities had de
clared Newchwang to be under mar
tial law. »
In their reply to' the clnsuls the
authorities affirmed, .further, that, on
the other hand," pilots c,quld be com
pelledto pilot Russian r vessels or forced
to leave ! Newchwang. '",;'
The -Russian ; authorities hold , that
under "the -existing martial law for
eigners are upon the same status as
Russian subjects, but the foreign Con
suls- aver, that foreign -"residents of
Newchwang who might "assist the Jap
anese { can 1 , be \ held responsible for the
acts "only as rbelllgerents and cannot
be regarded as Russian subjects. ¦
Fate of Pilots at Nevrchwang Who Aid
. the Japanese. ¦
WILL BE TREATED AS TRAITORS.
TOKIO. April 21.— The -War Office
here is 'flooded with thousands of ap
plications from 'Japanese j of * all ages
andevery condition of life, for permis
sion to go to the front and nght. ; These
applications are' from time-expirjed sol
diers, as well- as from young boys, and
the ages of the applicants range from
14 to. 70 years. They are following the
Samurai custom and sign their appli
cations with their own blood, and sev
eral applications written entirely in the
blood of the j would-be ¦ fighters have
been . received. •¦: None of these volun
teers have been accepted as yet. .'
The .War ; Department officials., are
much ! gratified at this evidence of the
desire of the people to assist - in the
war. The applications have- been filed
away, j and j if volunteers are needed
these applicants will be given the first
opportunities to go to the front. The
officials believe that the country would
find it easy to obtain a half-million vol
unteers.
Japanese Volunteers Sign Applications
With, Their Own Blood. '¦
SAMURAI CUSTOM IN VOGUE.
"The feeling is so strong that Ameri
cans and British are not safe anywhere
In Manchuria^ One Railley, ah Ameri
can, and several others, including Dav
idson/ a Canadian, have j disappeared.
The authorities are looking for them.
"It . is \ reported that an Englishman
was arrested in Port Arthur as a spy
and was taken to Mukden and hanged.
V "The ! plying of the so-called flower
boats on the Liao River, mostly under
the 'American. flag and carrying Ameri
can goods, has been prohibited.
' "Southern Manchuria has been
scoured for several months for supplies
of flour destined for Port Arthur,
which Is reported to be provisioned for
two years."
lyBERLIN.v April '21.— The correspond
ent; of the: Frankfurter Zeltung, writ
ing^ from" JHarbln,- Manchuria, under
date. of . March 16, says: .
¦ "Great has j been aroused
throughout " Manchuria* against Ameri
cans and: British, 1 because It is believed
American ;. and JJ8 British vessels took
part In ; the bombardments of Port Ar
thur under the Japanese flag. This be
lief: apparently is due. to the fact that
the Japanese fleet was larger than the
Russians expected and included un
known types of vessels.; ,
Russians - In ; Manchuria Believe They
V .Are Aiding. Uie^Foe.
HATRED OF .AMERICANS.
"And.'V adds Captain Marshall, "on
my offering to' have the Zafiro used as
temporary quarters, they were taken
to the Elba, where their captain de
tained them and declined my offer
with thanks."
In conclusion Captain Marshall's re
port says: _ i ..\, 1 . 1
/"Between 8 1 and 10 o'clock j a. m.
there appeared**' to >be_' some sort of
conference taking place on board the
Talbot, as was . judged • on seeing- the
frequent communications by.' boat
from the Varlag, Elba and Pascal
with the Englishmen. After -the en
gagement the following semaphore
signal from the ¦„ Talbot to the Elba
was read by our signal men:
; .".'Our letter of protest' was deliv
ered on board the Japanese flagship
a few minutes before the first shot
was fired.' " ..... . :. ,„
mander, of the yieksburg/ giving an aci
count of the.engagementat Chemiilpp
between ."; the ".; Japanese ?• and." Russian
naval forces on .February ! 9,' was : , re^ ;
ceived by. ; the"' Navy,- Department^ to*
day. After, telling. of the arrival of. 1 the
Japanese sauadron and ; the' landing of
3000 Japanese ;. soldiers : at .; Chemiilpoi'
one-half .of ;i which"; number,; he ; said,'
took possession of that town, the other,"
half going to Seoul,' he was notified by
Admiral Uriu, commander of the Jap-'
anese forces, that hostilities existed "ibe^
tween Japan and- Russia. Admiral
Urlu requested,' in case the senior Rus
sian naval officer present refused to
leave port, that he (Captain Marshall)
keep away from the scene of -action In
the port, so that no danger. from- the
action would, come to his ships.
After describing the battle Captain
Marshall continues that on learning
there were a number of wounded on
board the Varlag he sent a medical of
ficer aboard to render assistance, a'nd
when it was reported that the Variag
was sinking two of his cutters and the
whaleboat, 1 with boats fro'm other cruis
ers, assisted in taking off her personnel
and putting them aboard the Talbot
and Elba. Two Russian engineer offi
cers were taken aboard the Vlcksburg
and cared for for some time.
Marshall's;..' Report Shows ; That;v He
Aided -.Russian Crews at Chemulpo. S
WASHINGTON,; April 21.—A report
by. mail? from- Captain^. Marshall, com-
GIVES LIE TO CAXARDS.
. NEW YORK, April ~2L— The World
has the 'following from St. Petersburg :
: "The ; Japanese .are "reported to have
bombarded ¦ Newchwang 'and to hav<)
landed* who ; probably will en
deavor to .effect a "Junction with the
forces: supposed to • have landed near
the^.mouth ' *df the •: Yalu River three
'days' ago."* ¦ . . '¦;. .
" •Thev-Times' , cablegram from New
chwang says: v . -¦:
>'."The Russians are denuding the ter
ritory. west t: of tlie Yalu. They have
Sent out foraging parties of fifty Cos
sacks, each man being upon
to one bullock V' daily. Thus
thousands "of , cattle were driven Into
Mukden for which r neither | receipt nor
cash "¦ was' given."
Special Dispatch to The Call
' , At "'• the; Vladimir Palace* to-day a
re(fuiem mass : was celebrated for" "the
repose : of .the soul . of Lieutenant von
Kuebe,, the Grand* Duke ' Cyril's* aid-de
camp, who. lost- his. life^at the., time; of'
the.Petropavlovsk disaster. Air hope' of
the recovery of . the body of -Vice Ad
miral ¦•> Makaroff ;¦¦ has been * abandoned.
The official reports give . eighty as i the
number of .; persons saved from 'the
Petropavlovsk.* '- .*;* v . .' .
A letter from Port Arthur describes a
wedding which occurred during. the
bombardment of March "22. The wed- :
ding guests were nearly stampeded,
the ' carriage ; horses tried *to bolt and
shells were, bursting as the procession
drove to the church,' but after the cere
mony 100 guests danced whlle : shells
were flying - and • bursting {overhead.
The newly married couple, lt:is further
asserted, were quite /happy. V
,Th shins of the Baltic fleet here and
at Llbau will be i. in "commission , next
week. The naval reserves of the neigh
boring provinces are arriving for -/dis
tribution to' the. ships. ' '. _ :
Marine Minister Avellan has received
the following telegram from" General
Kuropatkin:
j "I," mentally embrace you, dear Feo
dore- Carlovlch, knowing the grief and
anxiety you are suffering. The army
finds consolation in the firm conviction
that our illustrious seamen will . re
trieve their loss at the expense of the
Japanese fleet." »
While this Is the general view, .there
are those who stoutly resent Togo's
claim, insisting on the theory of the ex
plosion of either a- magazine or the
boilers.
Mail advices received here from Alex
androff, island of Saghalien, say it Is
believed that 2000 to 3000 Japanese em
ployed on the eastern '.and. southern
coasts are disguised soldiers and sail
ors. Many of- them have been. arrested
in the Korsakoff district with arms in
their possession. The families of of
ficials and -residents of Korsakoff and
Alexandroff , it is added, are secreting
their valuables and fleeing into the in
terior.
The Japanese having .captured the
Vladivostok mail steamship,' the island
will be cut off from communication
with the mainland'as soon as the ice
disappears at, the end of 'April*.
WED DURING THE BATTLE.'
KUROPATKIX IS HOPEFUL.
Russia has made a new issue of $15,
000,000 in paper currency against free
gold in the state bank. At the Minis
try of Finance it was explained that
it was an ordinary issue and In no
sense was forced. Under the law pa
per is issuable to double the amount
of gold up to $150,000,000 gold, in ex
cess of which paper issued must be
covered, ruble for ruble. In the'state
bank there are, in round figures,
5400,000,00.0, in gold, which would
permit of an issue of $550,000,000 in
paper, but the paper issue at present
amounts to only $350,000,000.
All sorts of figures of the cost of
the war are printed abroad. , The press
is . authoritatively Informed that the
daily . expenses are averaging $750,000,
and it is estimated that a year's ex
penditures for the war will total $250,
000.000. . ¦ rv<
To meet this there existed a free
balance of $50,000,000, . which. - was .In
creased t,o $115,000,000 by reductions in
the ordinary budgets, 'leaving ostensi
bly $135,000,000 to be found. But a por
tion of the latter is made up by the
Increased earnings of the y railroads
owned by the Government. It being
In ' reality a question or bookkeeping,,
how the balance is to t>e raised has
not yet been determined. No foreign
loan has been arranged v and none is
desired if ; it can be avoided, as prac
tically . the total of the war expendi
tures will be raised at home. The Min
istry of Finance believes it may be
easy, to float an internal loan late in
the summer or fall. " .
Foreign Minister Lamsdorff has been
notified that the United States reserves
all the rights she may have under in
ternational law in the event of any
American citizens being affected by
Russia's decision in the case of war
correspondents using wireless teleg
raphy. This notification does not in
volve a protest against Russia's
course; it is simply reserving what
ever rights may exist in regard to' the
yet unadjudicated question of the use
of wireless telegraphy in time'of war.
United States Commercial Agent
Greener at' Vladivostok has been in
structed, through Embassador .Me-
Cormick, to inform the Japane.se Con
sul at the island of Saghalien that a
vessel will be sent to the island to
take back to Japan the consulate staff
and the refugees. The arrangements
for sending the ship have been made
by Japan through the authorities in
Washington.
Grand Duke Cyril, who was Injured
at the time of the Petropavlovsk dis
aster, is protesting against returning
to Russia. He desires, as soon as he
has recovered, to go back to Port Ar
thur,- but his mother, the Grand
Duchess Vladimir, is insisting on his
return.
AVAR AX EXPENSIVE GAME.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 21.— The
Emperor has received the following
telegram from General Kuropatkin
der to-day's date:
"All was quiet on the Yalu on the
19th and 20th and there has been no
change.
"On the night of the 19th, opposite
Cape Tower Hill, west of Kaicheng, a
steamer was observed' sending oft
boats, evidently for the purpose of tak
ing soundings. The boats soon re
turned."
It is announced that Vice Admiral
Stark, formerly in command of the
Port Arthur fleet, has been appointed
to the command of the Eighth Depot
fleet, and that Rear Admiral WItboeft
has been appointed chief dT staff to
Viceroy Alexieff.
Viceroy Alexieff has sent to the Em
peror a long detailed account of the
naval engagement of April 13, in which
the torpedo-boat, destroyer Strashni
was sunk, and of the loss of the battle
ship Petropavlovsk. 1
AM ERICA RESERVES RIGHTS.
greatly i hampered by the immense
number of spies. Major General Kon
dratzsvitch, commanding the . Ninth
East Siberian Rifle Brigade, says the
Japanese have. taken advantage of the
convenient '¦: location of •• Newchwang,
which is full of spies. ¦ . .
"In the -guise of merchants, beggars,
ragpickers and lackeys,'! says the", gen-
ertil, * "these '.spIes'.rBniff . everywhere.'
They have grown pigtails, showing that
they have; been,' "preparing 1 for
work for a^long tlmejand^that they are
unwilling "to trust T entirely to" informal
tion supplied 'by 'Chinese* .They ""•; are
hard toget rid of. Tri^e insects as soon
as they' "obtain /information; cross -the
river into". Chinese territory, .where they
use the; telegraph. -*; Some - ! of them ' have
been caught, Vbut; the •'majority wander
among the "troops and nothing , can' be
done to prevent; it. V , ; ¦ ' ; ; \
A Chinese fspy who was caught, sev
eral \ days "ago was \ sent % to Llaoyang,*
where he, was shot. TheChinese'niani
fested deep 'sympathy, 'following^ him
along the _- streets after he had been
captured. :^ . ' ¦ ; '.-'¦'..¦ *1
Bombardment Pre
ncedes Their De- .
Vvjbarkation.
Japanese Said to
Have Landed at
Newchwang.
Kuropatkin Reports Japanese Opera
tions West of Yalu's Mouth.
Colonel and Captain Pay the Penalty
for Blowing Up a Railroad.
purpose, and of making their way Into
Manchuria secretly, where they wera
arrested by Russian patrols" thirty
versts southwest of the station of Tur
chikhl, on the Eastern Chinese Rail
way. The officers wore Mongolian dress
to disguise their nationality.
"The officers .were condemned to be
deprived of their civil rights and to be
executed by hanging. I confirmed the
sentence, but In view. of the officers'
rank consented that they be shot in
stead of hanged, with the sam« losa of
civil rights. I refused their prayer to
spare their lives, and they were exe
cuted at 6 o'cldck on the evening of
April 21."
PORT ARTHUR, April 21.— Further
details of the action of the cruiser
Bayan during the night of April 13
show that in covering the retreat of
the Russian torpedo-boats she ap
proached within thirty cable lengths
of the enemy in attempting to rescue
the Strashni's crew and stood broad
side to the -enemy, keeping four cruis
ers at bay while she lowered her. boats
on the other side and picked up five
sailors.
' In spite of the weight of the enemy's
fire not a single man on, the .Bayan
was wounded. One of the Bayan's
shells fell between the smokestacks of
one of the Japanese cruisers, produc
ing a heavy explosion on board. .Y; ,
Cruiser Bayan Kscapes Unscathed
Under Heavy Japanese Fire.
HOLDS FOUR SHIPS AT BAY.
HARBIN, Manchuria. April 21.— The
two officers of the Japanese general
staff, a colonel and a captain, who were
arrested by the railroad guard eighteen
miles from this place on April 16 were
. found guilty by a court-martial and
sentenced to be hanged. The officers
listened quietly to the sentence of the
court, but subsequently asked that
their lives be spared.
/General Kuropatkin confirmed the
findings of the court, but taking into
consideration thefact that the accused
were soldiers he ordered that they
should be shot instead of hanged. The
sittings of the court-martial attracted
a large attendance, including many
ladies. • /
, ST. PETERSBURG, April 21.— In a
telegram' to the Emperor, General Ku
ropatkin says:
"I respectfully report to your Majesty
that two . Japanese officers, named
Stcevo Ykoka and Giska Oki, were ar
rested near the station of Turchikhl. In
their possession were found three cases
of Bickford fuse, a French wrench, dy
namite cartridges, tools for railway
wrecking, cylinders containing one and
a half pounds of" pyroxylin, good maps
of Mongolia, Manch&ria and Northern
Korea and a number of notes.
"A. court-martial held at Harbin on
April 20 found them guilty, while be
longing to the. Japanese army of oper
ating against Russia, and In order to
gain success for their army of destroy
ing or damaging telegraph and railway
communication by means of pyroxylin
and other accessories provided for that
RUSSIANS EXECUTE TWO JAPANESE STAFF OFFICERS
THE SANA/FRANGISGOa CALL, -FRIDAY. APRIL 22, 1004.
2
> ADVESTTST!T<irENT&
Six Big Bargains
Boys and Children s
h — m. mam mm ¦ 4| "4L
>yy--KsdLi.cLui\sO
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
Special Reductions on Six Popular Lines
for these two days only
All Seasonable Goods^,--:
Absolute Values as stated below
Bargain No. 1
Russian Blouse Suits
In Tweeds and Fancy Homespuns, royal and x-:
navy blue, bloomer pants, gray suede belts,
Eton or sailor collars ; 2}4 to 6 years.
Regular price $4.50 and $5.00. C 2 2Z
For Friday and Saturday at <Pt/«ue/.-
Bargain No. 2
L Boys' Norfolk Suits
In Fancy Tweeds, Blue Cheviots and Home-
spun effects. Best suits for boys' knockabout
j wear. 6 to 13 years,
Regular Price $3.50 and $4.00. C 1 k C
Friday and Saturday at ......... $L*\3v
Bargain No. 3
Wash Sailor Suits
In Galateas, Ducks, Chambrays; new spring
colors; non-fading; 3 to 10 years.
Regular price. $1.50. O^ir
For Friday and Saturday su v
Bargain No. 4
Boys' 3-piece Suits
Including jacket/vest and pants, in Homer;
spuns and Tweeds, Tan and Gray Mixtures;'
. nobby for little men : 10 to 16 years.
Regular prlce^ $5.00, $6.00 and $6.50. Ji 7?
For Friday and Saturday at... . . . ,v*»Lv:
Bargain No. 5 \
Boys' Tan Top Coats
In Covert Cloth, made on the, - men's, pat-
. . tern; exceptional values; 3 to 10 years.
Regular price $4.00. <M OC
"¦For Friday and Saturday at . ! . . . .V^»0D
Buoys' Knee Pants
ti5o pairs Boys' Blue Cheviot A\h Wool extra
Knee Pants,, taped seams, strong and dura-
ble; 3 to; 14 years. ._ . '
Regular price $1.00. /iCr»
For Friday and Saturday . , J. .;V. . . "3C -
G. A fresh supply of kites free to
the boys. . 1WfWBWBHr!BMBB|
K E A R^N Y AT P O < T
- iVDFREE - v :'.".- : :;FBEE"-
TO WANT; ADVERTISERS
In next SUNDAYS fCALL.
¦ . " ~- ¦¦'• ; • VWALKER'S^ r ¦• '¦ • 'V ; ¦-;¦:
SEXF-PULIiING * CORKSCREW.
(Patented.) v ; ; :
f ;¦'.). You*i get one; of these- useful
. articles I free by } bringing your
: ."Want ; Ads" tbv Tlie i Call : for In-
sertion I In NEXT. SUNDAY'S ' ls-
suo ¦ of - Greater : San * Francisco's ¦
Greatest; Paper: '. T ' r
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c 1 u s i v e
High-Grade Clothiers
No Branch Stores. 2Co Acrata.
THE TAILOR'S NEEDLE
CAN BE MANIPULATED
TO DO WONDERFUL WORK IP
HANDLED BT ARTISTS.
OUR CLOTHES CONTAIN
THE NEEDLE'S CUNNING
AND DESIGNERS' ART.
K e a r n y Street
Th.urlow BXoc k.
~~~
WITH A LAME BACK?
Have You Rheumatisrrj, Kidney,
Liver or Bladder Trouble?
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney, Liver
and Bladder Remedy, Will Do for YOU, All Our Readers
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Pain or dull ache in the back is un- is evidence that your kidneys and blad-
tnistakable evidence of kidney trouble, der need immediate attention.
It is nature's timely warning to show In taking Swamp-Root you afford
you that the track of health is not clear, natural help to Nature, for Swamp-
If these danger signals arc unheeded Ro( * »* the most perfect healer and;
more serious results are sure to follow: f««le *id to the kidneys that is known
Brighfs disease, which is the worst ««>»«*«» weace.
form of kulney trouble, may steal upon £ £*£? '^£75
3H ssid'S-? iT ord *;v?d ct
riJ.^5 WO n ld " f K° • f y and bladder and sevcre casM Doctors rcC ommend
Snn i^% fi m f %^* m i?'? O< iS li h t0 their P atients and use il in their
ft i«Si I { *^l 1 Z a*1 own famili "' bccause thev recoenize in
us uonderful cures of the most d:stress- S xvamp-Root the srreatest and most sne-
ing cases. A tnal will convince any ccssfu r remedy fo ; any deraneement of
one-and you may have a sample bottle the k i dnevs , Jiver and bladder,
free, by mail. So successful is Swamp-Root in
ro?d ra ?e'aTtoTo X Swi^p-^ot. my x JSSS P' 001^ "nng even the most dis-
ySr. wito wSey teoubl. S3 tressmg cases, that to. prove its won-
an almost constant pain la my back, derful merits you may have a sample
Yonr great remedy. Swamp-Boot, cured bottle and a book of valuable inform
£ct£°w*?L "oJ. {££. SlaCe beea Per - nation, both sent absolutely free by
B. E. CHALKEE, er-Chief of Police. mail. The book contains many of the
Ozark, Ala. thousands upon thousands of tcsti-
Lame back is only one symptom of monial letters received from men and
kidney trouble — one of many. Other women, cured. The value and success
symptoms showing that you need of. Swamp-Root is so well known that
Swamp- Root are, being obliged to pass our readers are advised to. send for a
water often during the day and to get sample bottle. In writing to Dr. Kil-
up many times during the night, inabil- rner & Co., Binghamton, N. Y., be
ity to hold your urine, smarting or irri- sure to say that .you read this gener-
tation in passing, brick-dust or sedi- ous offer in the San .Francisco Daily
ment in the urine, catarrh of the blad- Call. The proprietors of this paper
der, uric acid, constant headache, dizzi- guarantee the genuineness of this of-
ness. sleeplessness, nervousness, irregu- fer.
lar heart-beating, rheumatism, bloating. If you are already convinced that
irritability, worn-out feeling, lack of Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
ambition, loss of flesh, sallow com- purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-
plexion. . dollar size bottles at drug stores every-
If your water when allowed to remain where. Don't make any mistake but
undisturbed in a glass or bottle for remember the name. -Swamp-Root. Dr.
twenty-four hours forms a sediment or Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address,
settling, or has a cloudy appearance, it Binghamton. N. Y.. on everv bottle.covenants should not be spoken of to
the' world.'jJfiBflBBBj
In answer to Senator Overman,, Mr.
Cannon said the twelve; apostles had
taken , the endowment oath. : Great : In
terest was manifested by; members of
the committee concerning the charac
ter of the endowment • house marriage
ceremonies, but little could be obtained
from llr. Cannon. .When pressed ; too
closely he answered that ,- he" could not
remember. . .The committee adjourned
until to-morrow. - - ',
RENO, New. April 21. — Tonopah
and Goldfleld are to have telephone
and telegraph communication., A
force of linemen started from Tonopah
to-day. Poles have already been dis
tributed and the work will be rushed.'
It is thought that the new gold camp
will have outside communication
within three weeks.
Telegraph Service at Tonopali.
paragraph of : the majority platform
was lost by a rising vote, and the plat
form declaring for Olney was adopted
in the same manner. '¦' .-''t^
The ballot for delegates was an
nounced:' .
Olney ticket— Collins 614, Thayer 614,
Gaston 613, Douglas 613.
Hearst ticket— Williams 270, McNeil
265, Smith 266, Dean 266.
\ A motion by former Mayor Quincy
that the resolutions be amended so as
to provide that the delegates elected In
Massachusetts, both State and district,
should vote as a unit at St. Louis, ac
cording to the will of the majority, was
adopted, and the convention adjourned.
Wolf Fleisher Dies Suddenly.
Wolf Flelsher. a wholesale dealer In
hats, died suddenly yesterday after
noon In his office at 219 Pine street.
He was a native of Germany, 70 years
old. Heart disease is believed to have
been the cause of death.
DEMOCRATIC STATESMAN" WHO
WILf. HAVli SOLID SUPPORT OK
HIS STATE DELEGATION. ' *
names: George Fred Williams, Ded
ham; George E. McNeill. Cambridge;
Charles A. Dean, Wakefleld, and Jo
seph A. Smith. Worcester.
The balloting consumed more than' an
hour. When the votes were counted the
following platform was presented to
the convention:
"The Democrats of Massachusetts,
in convention assembled, present to the
Democrats of the United States the
name of Richard Olney as one conspic
uously qualified for the office of Pres
ident."
After eulogizing Olney. the platform
concluded as follows:
"We hereby instruct the delegates
and alternates chosen to attend the
National Convention at St. Louis by
this convention and by the Congres
sional District conventions lo j place
in nomination the name of * Richard
Olney as the choice of Massachusetts
for the Presidency, and we further in
struct said delegates and alternates to
cast the vote of Massachusetts as a
unit for him in the convention until
the nomination shall be made or his
name shall be withdrawn by author
ity."
The first mention of the name of
Richard Olney brought forth prolonged
applause. When that portion was
reached which dealt with the "unit
rule" for governing the delegates there
was an uproar.
"No, no; it is an outrage," shouted
the members of the Hearst faction.
Delegates arose in their seats, cheers
were given for Hearst. Then the Olney
men cheered.
In an instant of quiet John A. Coul
thourst announced that he desired to
read the minority report of the com
mittee on resolutions.
The resolutions of the minority called
for the enforcement of the anti-trust
laws, for the election of a President
"who would not hesitate to 'run
amuk' so long as monopolistic combin
ations continue," for" national super
vision of national monopolies and pub
lic ownership of public utilities, and
concluded:
"The one man who thus exemplifies
these principles as expressed by him
is William" Randolph Hearst of New
York, and we therefore indorse him as
the Democratic nominee for President."
An uproar followed the final words
of the : resolutions. Several delegates
tried to secure recognition.
Finally, after several efforts, a Hearst
man succeeded In" presenting a motion
calling for the substitution of the mi
nority resolutic-ns for the majority res
olutions. This produced, a preliminary
wrangle, with a flood of angry
speeches. When the chairman at
length was able to do so the motion
was put, and by a rising vote the sub
stitution of the minority report for the
majority report was lost. . ,
A motion to strike out the "unit rule"
Three California Postmasters Com
missioned—Army Orders — Call
foruians in Washington.
* : WASHINGTON. April 21. — Three
postmasters were commissioned to
day. They are: California — Martha M.
Nicholas. North Columbia; Sim Myers.
MiUilijo; George W. Graves, Moorland;
Frederick W. Schroeder is appointed
postmaster of the fourth class at
Paralso Springs, Monterey County,
Vice Charles T. Romie, dead.
Proposals will be opened at the
Treasury Department on May 23 for
white oak and mahogany furniture for
•The Courthouse and Postoflice building
at San Francisco.
The following have been designated
r:ts members of the Civil Service Board
for the postoflices at the places named:
Frank Brandon. Watsonville; Frank
D. Eimor, Santa Cruz; George G. Les
!i<>. .Santa Barbara; Henry P. Hayes,
hfafysvillc. Cal., and Frank E. Barker,
I>no. New
War Department orders — First Class
Sergeant Herbert Thompson, now at
tached to Instruction Company No. 2,
Hospital Corps. Fort McDowell, Cal.,
is assigned to duty with that com
pany; Private William Caldwell, Troop
M. Ninth Cavalry, Presidio, is trans
ferred to Company H. Twenty-fourth
Infantry, Fort AEsinniboine, Mont.
Mr*. J. R. Poultney and R. P.
Schwerin of San Francisco are at the
New Willard.
OL.AT CITY. Ind.. April 21.— The Farmers'
an-1 Merchant* 1 Bank wai- entered by burglars
. luring thp r.iicht. who blew op*>n the «af«* and
»K?xr**«t with S6000. The front of the building
vis blown across the ctrret.
Or INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF. THE PACIFIC COAST
Continued From Page I, Column 7.
Alaska Exploration i Company," said
Captain Healy. "Since that time I have
learned that a Pennsylvania business
man has been promoted to fill my
place His name is Dr. Wilcoxsbn, and
he was Jailed in Chicago a short time
ago. What his connection with this
charge is I do not know, but I shall
certainly return to New York arid fight
the "case."
"There is only one case that could
have caused the charge which Healy is
now asked toanswej-," said Attorney
Lewis. "That is the suit regarding
some property in Yukutat. Alaska,
which he purchased for $8000. He made
the purchase as president of the Alaska
Exploration Company. The directors
quarreled among themselves regarding
the purchase, declaring that it was
worth'only 55000. In New York a pres
ident of a corporation can legally be
arrested for. the larceny of any sum of
money which i*s the difference between
the sum of money paid for a piece of
property and its actual value. It seems
to me that" the directors of the com
pany are taking advantage of that
law." . .
CHICAGO. April 21.— Captain John
J. Healy. "Klondike King." million
aire mine owner and pioneer Alaska
gold field exploiter, whose sensational
divorce case brought him into local
prominence a few months' ago. was ar
rested to-day and charged with grand
larceny. The arrest was made on the
receipt of a telegram from New York.
to 1 which city. Captain Healy asserts,
he was hastening to answer the
charge, having been, notified by Attor
ney J. Hamilton Lewis. The wealthy
defendant was released on a bond of
$2500 by Justice Prindiville, although
hundreds of thousands of dollars are
said; to. be involved in the case.
The .picturesque "captain," who
wonj his title by serving as Sheriff of
a North Dakota county, has been
much in the public eye through his
connection with the gold .fields, his
dramatic, divorce case, his being de
posed from the presidency of the
Alaska Exploration Company, and fin
ally his arrest on charges -preferred
by members' of the company.
"When I left New York a short time
ago I filled the office of president of the
Special Dispatch Xo The Call
. The bill will legalize claims for In
diana depredations, heretofore barred
under the law because- the Indians
committing . the damage were nt
"amity" with the United States at the
time. It also allows claims by persons
other than" citizens of the United
States, heretofore barred by the law.
WASHINGTON, April 21. — The
House Committee on Indian Affairs to
day by a vote of 9 to 6 authorized a
favorable report on the bill amending
the Indian depredation act by striking
from.it the word "amity" and making
it apply to residents of the United
States, regardless of citizenship. A
minority report will be made by Chair,
man Sherman and signed by Repre
sentatives Curtis, Knapp, Fitzgerald
and Zenor.
Honse Committee Authorizes Affirma
tive Report on Measure Legaliz
ing Indian Claim?.
FAVORS THE AMEXDMEXT
OF BEPREDATIOX ACT
"Klondike King," Hero of a
Number of Court Cases, Is
Arrested for Grand Larceny
"LOCKPORT,, N. Y.. April 21.— John
E. Pound, United States Commissioner
and former chief regent of the Royal
Arcanum of the United States, died to
day.the result of a stroke of apoplexy,
aged, 62 years.
Apoplexy liuds Pound's Life.
CAPTAIN HEALY
IN THE TOILS
The testimony was of a personal
character, dealing with the convjctloh
of the witness on charges of poly
gamous cohabitation, and was dragged |
from him under protest that he be pro- !
t^cted from any peril or liability to |
prosecution for what he revealed. When
assured that his plural marriages un- !
der the statute of limitations could ;
not be used as evidence against him.
he answered most of the questions \
asked. His testimony was no less sen- |
sational than that given by President
Smith early In the investigation. Hej
answered all questions of a personal
character, but every admission was
made reluctantly, and the replies to
questions in regard to his numerous
marriages were as near monosyllables
as it was possible to make them.
The sensation of the hearing occurred
when Mr. Tayler examined Mr. Cannon
in regard to his various marriages. Mr.
Tayler asked the witness when he was
first married, and he answered:
"On Jufy 18. 1S58."
"To whom?"
"Sarah Maria Mousely."
"Who next?"
Mr. Cannon stood up and his voice
shook with great emotion as he said:
"I beg an opportunity to explain and
to ask a question of the cnalrman be
fore I proceed. Nineteen years ago I
was brought into great trouble. I was
prosecuted and sent to prison because
I acknowledged the mothers of my
children as my families. I was given
the opportunity of deserting my fami
lies or going to prison. I went to
prison.
EXPLANATION* OF CAXXOX.
""I was sent to prison for eight
months and served six, when the Su
preme Court took up my case and I
was released. While I was in prison
I said to my associates who called to
see me: 'You could not come here in
honor; I could not stay In honor." ¦
"For a long time 1 have lived within
the law as far as it was possible to do
so in the face of obligations to my
families. I have not paraded my fami
lies, but in honest pride I have nour
ished them.
"The press of the country has car
icatured President Smith for the testi
mony he gave in regard to the plural
families, and if I am asked to make
similar exhibitions of my families I ap
peal for protection from any conse
quences that may be the result of the
testimony. I will answer all questions
in regard to myself or the church if
I am assured that I will not be placed
in peril by reason of the testimony."
Mr. Cannon sat down, quivering with
ill-suppressed emotion, and Mr. Worth
ington asked:
"Mr. Cannon, have you any coun
"No, sir."
Mr. Worlhington submitted to the
chairman that the witness should be
informed as to his rights and as to his
liability should he answer questions
which might incriminate him.
RIGHTS OF WITNESS.
Chairman Burrows said the witness
was at liberty to decline to answer any
questions he chose, but Mr. Worthing
ton insisted that the refusal must be
based on the ground that the witness
feared to incriminate himself. The offi
cial reported then read the question:
•'To whom were you next married?"
"Anna Amanda Mousely."
"When were you married to her?"
asked Mr. Tayler.
"At the same hour that I was mar
ried to Sarah Maria Mousely."
"By the same ceremony?"
"Yes."
"To whom were you next married?"
"Mrs. Clara Mason, in 1875," replied
Mr. Cannon, also saying he was mar
ried to Martha Hughes in 1SS4,' and
Maria Banning in 1886. Johanna C.
Donnellson in 1886, and that he had
not been married since that time. All
his wives were living. He said that
they all lived In Salt Lake County, but
in separate houses; that he had fam
ilies by five of his wives.
, "Do you live with all of your -wives
now?" Mr. Tayler asked.
•'I am sorry to say that I do not."
"Why? Because you are now In
Washington and cannot be living with
them?"
"No; because of an agreement 'made
by the church which compels me to be
as modest as I can. I have only been
as attentive as I felt common human
ity required" me to be."
"What do you mean by that?" -
"I mean that this church order has
made me more cold In treatment of
thtm than I should be."
REGRET FOll DISCLOSURES. "^
Witness related the -proceedings at
the recent conference at Salt Lake at
which President Smith; had been sup
ported for the testimony he had given
at Washington. When asked if the peo
ple had censured the president of the
church for his testimony, he said he
bad heard of ' no criticism, but that
they regretted the circumstances which
made such disclosures necessary.
* Again and again the witness evaded
questions - relating to the character of
the obligations taken In the endow
ment house and finally said ; thaf "God
bad made It known - that 4 the' sacred
WASHINGTON. April 21.— The fea
ture of to-day's hearing in the Smoot
case before the Senate Committee on
Privileges and Elections was the testi
mony of Angus M. Cannon, for twenty
five years president of the largest Mor
mon stake In the world.
Lawmakers in Washington
Have a Difficult Task to
Get Information About the
Violation of Law in Utah
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, April 21.— "It is said
that a cantilever crane and i*her
heavy equipment will be neces
sary before we may begin the work of
building our big collier for the navy
at Mare Island yard, but I have to say
that it is not true," said Senator Per
kins to-day.
"These tools become necessary in
course of the construction, to be sure,
but they are not wanted for a long
time. By the time they are -wanted
they may be in place, but the fact is
the work on the ship may be 'begun at
once, and so If will be. I consider this
act one of the most important of the
present session for the Pacific Coast.
At Mare Island there is a big colony
of highly skilled mechanics, who are
residents of Vallejo. Lately the work
in the navy yards has been slack, and
this movement is intended to give them
steady employment."
Representative Bell, who first pro
posed the measure in the. House, is
highly pleased at his success. "Work
can be done as well and more cheaply
in a navy yard than by private con
cern," he said, to-day., "This move
ment will develop into a policy of the
Government and we will arrange for
battleships being built at Mare Island.
It will, afford Government protection
against the exactions of private con
cern's and will demonstrate Just how
cheaply this work may be done, so
that the Government will not be at the
mercy of contracting shipbuilders. It
will necessitate equipping and strength
ening the navv yards, but that is a
thing to be decided In any case."
Special Dispatch to The Call
The bill was vigorously opposed by-
Harrison of New York, who character
ized it as despotism run mad, because
it gave the President authority greater
than any sovereign in the world. He
emphatically remarked that members
ought to be grateful "that the Presi
dent had consented to consult x the
House instead of legislating from the
White House as he is accustomed to
«io." He thought that on the eve of a
Presidential election' this autocratic
power "would throw open to him six
or seven hundred offices."
The canal zone bill was passed unan
imously.
A resolution was agreed to request
ing the President to renew negotia
tions with governments where discrim
ination is mad? against Jewish citi
zens °f Ihe United States with th<?
view of securing equal freedom "of
travel and sojourn with all other citi
zens.
The bill to provide for a temporary
government of the canal zone at Pan
ama and for the protection of the canal
works was taken up. The substitute
for the Kittredge bill was considered.
A damson of Georgia. Stevens of Min
nesota and Richardson of Alabama,
members of the Committee on Inter
state and Foreign Commerce, which
unanimously reported the substitute,
urged its passage, contending that it
was word for word similar to what
-Jcffereon had suggested and approved
for the government of the Territory of
lxiulsiana.
A rule was adopted, after the Demo
crats had forced a roll call, for the
consideration at any time of W\h bill
creating a commission to investigate
the merchant marine of the United
St«*tes and the bill was then laid
WASHINGTON, April 21.— The House
to-day gave evidence of approaching
aJjournmen: by passing a large num
ber of bills, among them being one to
provide a temporary government for
the Panama canal zone.
There was a controversy between Al
drich and Gorman, the latter charging
the Republicans with a determination
to force an early adjournment for po
litical purposes and Aldrich asserting
that Gorman could discuss public ques
tions as long as he chose.
McCumber expressed the opinion that
the time "was approaching for the en
actment of a general service pension
law. In this connection he referred to
previous service pension laws, and in
cidentally mentioned the fact that
there were still living about 600 sons
and daughters of soldiers of the revo
lutionary war.
McCumber also discussed the recerit
executive pension order, contending
that it was in harmony with the laws
making pensioners dependent upon
physical disability.
When the emergency river and har
bor appropriation bill was taken up,
Gorman asked why no general river
and harbor bill was to be, passed at the
present session. Mr. Elkins, in charge
of the bill, replied that the judgment
of the Committee on Commerce, which
had reported the bill, had been that a
general bill could not be passed and
that the state of the Treasury and pub
lic business would not Justify such a
measure.
WASHINGTON, April 21.— The pen
sion appropriation bin, carrying an ap
propriation of more than $137,000,000,
and. the emergency river and harbor
appropriation bill, which carries $3,000.
000, were passed to-day by the Senate,
leaving only the general deficiency and
the military academy bills, of the en
tire list of supply measures still to be
considered by the Senate. While the
river and Harbor measure was under
consideration Gorman sharply criticized
the failure to bring In% a general river
and harbor bill.
EYADES QUESTIONS
ABOUT CEREMONIES
The question of the enlistment of
negroes « n the navy is a rather pecu
liar one. No color line fs drawn offi
cially. The officers on recruiting duty,
however, .do not enlist, many negroes
as landsmen. They are accepted al
most exclusively for service as mess
attendants. , ,
This is the outcome of the report
published "yesterday that ; Lieutenant
Boyd Informed twenty: negroes that no
more of their race ". would be accepted
in the United States '¦ navy.; The Bu
reau of Navigation; hearing of this, an
nounced that there was no color line
in the naval service, and Lieutenant
Boyd was asked by telegraph, to send
a statement regarding nls action.
A telegram was received from him
to-day. It was not altogether satis
factory and has not been made public.
Rear. Admiral Taylor, chief of the
Bureau of Navigation, took the offi
cer's reply to Secretary • Moody, who
now has It.
CALL. BUREAU, HOTEL. BARTON.
WASHINGTON, April 21.— Orders were
sent, to-day to Lieutenant David F.
Boyd, ' U. S. N., at New Orleans, to
enlist- twenty negroes aa third, class
mess attendants and to send them to
the receiving ship Franklin at Nor
folk. ;¦
Special Dispatch to, The Call
Recruiting Officers State
ment, to /Department) Ee
garded as Unsatisfactory
Action of the National Body
Provides for Expenditure
of More Than $140,000,000
OPPOSED BY HAEBISON
New York Representative
Says It Gives Too Much
Power to the President
Claims That .What Appli
ances Are Needed Are Not
Such as Will Affect Plant
DEFENDS PACIFIC COAST
Angus Cannon Appears Be
fore Senate Committee and
Tells About Participation
in Polygamous Practices
ACTION NOT APPK0VED
CALENDAR ABOUT CLEAN
Measure Providing for Tem
porary Government at Pan
ama Approved by House
Solons Pass Pension Measure
and Appropriate Money for
the Eivers and Harbors
Naval Lieutenant Boyd, Who
Drew the Color Line, Ee
ceives Sharp Instruct ions
Senator Perkins Says Navy
Yard Has Necessary Ap
paratus for Shipbuilding
MORMON
PLEADS FOR
PROTECTION
MUST ENLIST
THE NEGROES
CANAL ZONE
BILL PASSES
MARE ISLAND
WELL EQUIPPED
SENATE BILLS
WIN APPROVAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 22, ; 1904.
Hearst Forces* Routed in Democratic Con
vention, Refuse to Abide by the Result
and Threaten to Form a New 'Party
OLNEY IS TRIUMPHANT
IN THE OLD BAY STATE
3
DR. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
Get My Book, if Sick.
Don't Send a Penny. ¦
Iton'l t»nd • prnny. :
Just wait till vou tee what I can do.
\ ." m» Ukc thr risk. In me prove up first «hat Dr.
Shoop't Keslorative can do. The Restorative mill ram
»our Irtrndihip, your endorsement. i( yout»stit. rpra
wttole month you can ute it without the ilajfrtest risk.
I will «ell you of a drufrr>*t nrar you who will f urn; jh
t-t bntt'esoi Dr. Shoop s Meliorative* month on trial.
I will absolutely stand all the cost if it tails. It you
•jy. "(t did no! help me," that ends it as far as cost to
you is concerned. I Jo you understand me? 1 am te'.l-
inc it as plainly, as clearly as I can. I want you to
know absolutely and without doubt that this offer is
made on honor. I have the prescription Out cures.
My only problem is to convince you that Dr. Shoop's
Restorative will cure— 1» an uncommon remedy. A
common remedy could not (tend a test like this. It
•rauM bankrupt the physician nuking the offer. And
1 am succeed »t everywhere and lieTe is the secret of
my HCOMB. I tound invariably that witere there was >
weakness, the inside nerves were weak. Where there
vtasalackof vitality, tlte vial nerves larked power.
AVhere weak orrans were found. I always found weak
nerve*. Not the nerves commonly thought of but the
vit»! orrans' nerves. The inside— the invisible nerves.
This was a revelation. Then my real Success began,
'then I combined ingredients that would strengthen,
that would vitalise, these nerves. That prescription I
called a restorative. It is known the world over now
•s-Ur. Slioop'* Restorative. Thou sands are artepunr
my offer ana only one in each forty writes me that my
remedy tailed, just think of it. 39 out oL«c ret w«I]
• nd these are diftculr cases, too. And the fortieth has
nothing to pay. That is* record I am proud of. It
is wronr to stay tick when ¦ chance like this is open.
If well, you shoo Id tell others who are sick, of my offer.
I >on't irt a »Kk lnend slay sick because he knows not
of my offer. Tell him. <let my book for him. Dp
tour duty. Yob may be sick yourself. Sometime. Sick
r«»pie need help. 1 hey appreciate sympathy and aid.
1 ell roe of some sick friend. L«t me cure hon. The*
he wtil show his rratitude to both of us. lour re.
ward will be his rratitude. Send lor the book now.
!>o not delay.
Slmplr -tat» which Z 00 * J, on R yB ?T p *!*-
. , Bonk 2 on the Heart,
book you want and Book 3 O n the Kidney*,
nddresa Dr. Eh no p. Book 4 tor Women.
kcx 8C30t lUcine. Bt f k * tor Mea
•-,. t»e«leu|.
7* lm " Book 6 on Rheumatism.
Mild cue*, not chronic, are often cured with
one or two bottle* At dni|r*l«t*\
Try one drop of Schilling's
Best lemon extract in half-a-
glass of water.
Try how many drops of some
other extract it takes to flavoi
as much.
?t year grocer's ; ataor^back. '
ADVERTISEMENTS. . _.
Youths' Suits $ 4.65
' . Special Sale for a Few Days
¦¦.^^I3S&^^^ We have just 48- of these suits ranging, in sizes from 13 to 19 years.
ji|| i S^:'^m The Y go on sale to-day for $4.65. • gg
SSt^Kpil^^S, ' % The forty-ninth customer will be disappointed. Come early and be
S^^p;^^^S The garments' are made only in double-breasted style, as pictured.
The mater^ 1 is a smooth finished all-wool cheviot in a dark shade of blue.
II^^K^f^f^^S We guarantee the goods and making.
Buy early— be one of the fortunate forty-eight.
Values: in Boys' Hats aiMt* :Fwrnishings-
; 8 *** 1 ***" - Extra large shapes in boys' straw hats .with black patent leather
3^' crowns, in rough or fine Milan straws, at $1.75.
Large assortment of youths' straw hats, in yacht or telescope shapes of smooth
/f^THiK^SHSP'' or rou - h bra " ids ' from 45c up to $2.00.
(A j^^^m|^^^§ Good variety of youths' light colored soft hats for Summer wear at 90c,
llfeHr iliiiiil For Summer wear— B^ys' jerseys just received, at prices lower than what you
iillw ilillll are useJ t0 paying. Combinations, black and red, yale and white, oxford and red. at
tW$$$& W&ma 40c; maroon-and white, maroon and green, and niaro^n, green and white, at 85c.
¦fwmM?*' 111111 Boys' khaki suits, s zes from 4 to 17 years, $1.50 suit.
ImM Mm Good pocket knives free with a boy's suit or overcoat
v <.'i : * C Sftetrhed frvm Lift write lO-tluj. HACi JVl nrlcpfAmerican Federation of Labor Adopts
f Exclusion. ¦!
DENVER, 'April V2i:4— The principal
action; taken' at "¦¦ to-day's meeting: ; of
the- executive council; of the^American
Federation, of Labor w^sf the jidoption
of a 1 resolutionrequestinfirVthe "adoption
of* the 'Hitt ' : :bilUon -"Chinese; exclusion
now "pending {before 7; •'CQ.nefress.y The
action t came , iri the shape 'of the 'unan»
irnousjjadoptioh -^of Uhe^ report 'of? the
aubfcothinlttee;' appointed" to "consider
APPROVE OF HITT BILL.
TROTTER SUNSET ' KILLED.— Officer Un
gerof the Humane Society was 'forced yes
terday to kill Sutuet/a once- well;known trot
ting hor«e. The animal had "". come ; into . the
possession of some gypsies and while being
driven by one of them had broken its leg.
We are sole agents, for. Fountain Pens
that will fit your hand,' do not leak and
will write without coaxing.. Price,. $1 to
$5. Sanborn.Vail & Co.. .741: Market St.*
HUTTOX GETS APPOINTMENT.— W. ' H.
Hutton was yjsterJay- appointed' probation of
fficer to assist ' Miss L.. L. Btebblns with her
work In connection - with the Juvenile Qourt.
Th(/ appointment- was made by Judge Murasky,
who presides ever . the J uvenile Court.
The Union and Southern through tourist cars
to. St. Louis or Chicago are' new, roomy, with
fine windows, increased water supply, -new
lavatory appliance*, and are upholstered ,' in
rattan, polished redwood and mahogany. Porter
in' attendance. . Union Pacific General Agem :
S. F. booth. . 1 Montgomery street.. * •
Great Improvements in Tourist Car
, > ... .Travel.
The - prosecution wanted to introduce
the testimony of ; Rose ' Everett given
at the previous trial, as she had disap
peared, but only part of it. was read,
the. remainder beipg objected to..:
Rose Lavern testified for the defense
that she had never given any money to
Alexander aad that Lulu Wilson- had
asked her to testify against Alexan
der and there would be money in it
for her. Mrs. Thomas Powell, formerly
landlady -of the .Queen lodging-house,
denied that Lulu Wilson had "ever
given her any % money.' to deliver to
Alexander.
The second trial of Ernest Alexander,
chajged with accepting a bribe while
a- police officer from Lulu Wilson, alias
Mamie Linn, was continued before a
Jury in Judge Lawlpr's court yester
day. Most of the time was occupied
in the croBS-examinatioh of the woman.
She testified that only once before giv
ing the marked" coin to "Alexander* had
she /handed him. coin personally, as she
had always been in the habit of giving
it tolthe Jandlady.pf the Queen lodging
house, 18 Mason street, to deliver to
Alexander. More than once he had met
heron the street and asked her 'if Bhe
had paid up. ' .. ?',>. ' _ »'*¦
Called to Testify on Behalf of
the Defendant.
Prosecution Rests and Witnesses Are
ALEXANDER BRIBERY CASE
IS DRAWING TO A - CLOSE
WHILE FIGHTING THIEF
MICHAEL RIES IS KILLED
Montana Man Objects to Being Hob
bed on Freight Train and Is
f Shbt Dead.
HELENA. Mont., April 21. — Mich
ael RJes of Columbus, Mont., while en
route to Bozeman on a freight train
early this morning, was accosted by ; a
stranger, who attempted to rob him.
A scuffle ensued in which the stranger
shot,,. Ries. killing him." He then
jumped. from the train and is still at
large. .- .' '
Cash Register, Firm in Trouble.
TRENTON, N. J., April 21,— VJce
Chancellor, Bergen : to-day, on. applica*
tion of R. Z.P4erce,, a, stockholder, ap-r
pointed Armstrong Mulford^bf Plain
tield, N/J., temporary receiver for the
Ideal Cash Register Company of East
Boundbrook, N. ' J." ' Pierce saya^ the
concern is indebted to hlm.to theTex
tent of $150,000 and to. a Buffalo. conr
cern to an amount. exceeding $200,000.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, April 21. — The /fol
lowing Californiansare In New .York:
From San ¦ Francisco — -Miss Draper
andf Mrs. T. W. Draper, at the Park
Avenue; M. D. Garrett, at the ¦ Nht
varre ; L. Klau, at the ' Hoffman ; L; E.
Sperry and wife; at the Holland. FVom
Los Angeles-^-Mrs. Burrows,_.atVthe
Imperial, and H. Mitchell, at, the Via
toria. ' ¦ .'' , ,¦ ¦ ; "• - \.. ,:¦ . ., ..:>;.:¦-.
JURY REJECTS STORY :
TOLD BY EX-CONVICT
Chnrgc : of Grand Larceny Against a
Man at Redwood City: Declared
¦' Groundless. -
'¦. REDWOOD CITY, April 21— In the
court here to-day a jury refused to be
lieve the'testimony of John Meyer, an
ex.-convict, acquitted McLellan
Gilmore of a charge > of grand larceny.
On December- 16 jof last year Meyer en
tered the barn ; of , James Curran, c hear
here, ; arid stole two valuable horses."
These he f tqpk to ; San Francisco and
sold to Gilmore. Meyer. told, the, officers,
and ; later, the ju'ry, , that-he ;.was sent
out by, Gilmore for. the purpose of steals
ing two ; horses .' for ¦ the Vlatter, being
promised for his labor $200,' .- The charge
subsequently, placed against ; Gilmore
was based upon the testimony of Meyer.
The Use of Bordcn's
Eagle.,. Brand ' Condensed V Milk insures
strong,healthy,.children,as reputable phy-
Bicians tes^ify.'Tlioae who use it for, their
babies are spared thq dangerous disorders
of infantile digestion; their children ma
ture as they should in weight.- Size and
health.':i Be.ware of unknown brands.;*. <
- WILT* , ; GIVE ' ANNUAL'. T PICNIC. — The
Knights •• of 'the ¦Red • Branch, picnlo committee
held a meeting last Wednesday night at which
arratigtmentfl were '. made ; for;, the - holding of
the thirty-fifth annual -picnlo rat', Shell Mound
Park, i May 1,' The r committee \ on i prize* * re
ported that sulflclent money ha» been collected
to furnish; prises ,to^winners ) of- events. ;¦*•> -
¦ MANAGUA; Nicaragua, April 21.—
The Nicaraguan steamship Ometepe,
from : Havana, has arrived in Nica
rnsujin waters with a consignment of
.war munitions purchased in Cuba. It
is rumored that another, conference
win' take place shortly Jit Amapala, jn
the Gulf of Fonssca, . between the
Presidents of Honduras, Nicaragua
and Han Salvador. -
Nicnr«Ki|an Vessel Lands Munitions
. -/of^Wur nought .Ui Havana at.
Port of .Managua.
ARMS • PURCHASED/ IN CUBA
CARRIED BY THE OMETI5P.E
SArRAMHNTO. April 'i\.— A requisition from
the Governor of Washington was received by
Gmtriuir l.'ardec- tu-iJay. The requisition -18 is
sued fcr O. J. Watklrif, who is in custody in
Lc« Argelev anJ Is wanted for obtaining money
under falfce pretenses. The warrant will not be
Issued until Saturday, no as to give Watkins"
'attorney tlir.e to u?st the charge.- * • ' •¦ '
WASHINGTON, April 21. — The
House Committee on to^
day authorized f -arable reports on
three bills affecting , Alaska. These
measures were a Senate bill providing
that towns of- 300 inhabitants?%,and up
ward may reorganize, obtain school
privileges, the right to lay out streets
and maintain order; a Senate bill pro
viding for the ciire of the insane, and
a bill extending for one year the time
In which the Akron, Sterling and
Northern Railway Company may con
struct its road from Valdes up the
Low Ki\-er Valley. .. , ' .
House .Committee on Territories Re
• ports Favombly on Three Bills
Concerning Northern Country.
SMALL ALASKAN TOWNS
:.~ TO Gin 1 MANY PRIVILEGES
A petition for a writ of. habeas cor
pus for Neidermeier was presented to
Judge Gary. Judge Gary denied the
petition.
'SPK1NGFIELD, HI., April 2\— Gov
ernor Yates- to-day refused clemency
to Harvey Vandine, the street car barn
bandit, .who' is under sentence- to be
hanged in Chicago' to-morrow with th*
&thfir ; bandite, Nejdermeier and Marx,
; CHICAGO, April 21,r-Marx, Vandine
and Neidermeier farewells
with their relatives to-day while erec
tion gf the. gallowp was progressing
within hearing. Vandine and Marx
spent much of their time in devotional
exercises, while'. Neidermeier lay on a
cot- in the jail hospital and scowled
at. the guards watching him. He re
fused to accept religious service and
declared that* if he were not going to
cheat the gallows he would go to his
death as an atheist.
Harvey Vandine. and Court De
nies"XeidermeierV, Petition.
Governor Yatcs- Refuses Clemency- to
THREE CAUJBAKN PANDITS
; DIE BY THE ROPE TO-DAY
Justice MacLean, in the Supreme
.Court, to-day dismissed the applica
tion of Venner & Co. for an injunction
to prevent the Equitable Trust Com
pany from accepting the Northern Pa
cific and Great Northern ' railway
stocks held by the Northern Securities
Company under the Hill plan. . •'"'•*_ ''[¦
Less than half a dozen stockholders
attended the meeting. One of these,
George L. Richards of Washington, D.
C., sdid he owned 100 shares of stock
and declared himself before the meet
ing opened in ¦ favor of the prorata
liquidation plan.
A notice presented by the Union Pa
cific interests was as follows:
Notice is hereby given to the special meet
ing of stockholders ot the Northern Securities
Ccmpany that the undersigned claim that the
shares of the capital stock of the. Northern
Pacific Railroad Company delivered by Edward
H. Harriman and' "Winslow S. Pierce to the
Northern Securities Company on or about No
vember IS. 1001. and consisting of f37.023.000
par value of the common stock of said rail
road company and $41,08.">,0O») par value of the
preferred ' stock of said railroad company *nd
this common stock Into which said _ pref errcl
stock has been cpnverted, belong to the Oregon
Short Line Railroad Company as the legal and
«t|ultablc • owner thereof; that the Northern
Securities Company Is not now and nevtfr
became the own»r thereof, but is simply a
custodian, and that the undersigned are en
titled to the return and delivery to them of
certificates for said stock of the Northern Pa
cific Hailroad Company upon the surrender by
them of $82,491 ,*7I par value of the capita*
stock pf the Northern Securities Company and
the payment of $8,915,629 in cash received
by them on such .delivery of said Northern
Pacific. stork to the Northern Securities Com
pany as aforesaid.
Notice la further riven that the said North
err. S«curitles Company has no right to dis
tribute the said Northern Pacific stock pro
rf.ta among the stockholders of the Northern
Securities Ccmnany or otherwise dispose of
the vase, except to return the same to the
uijdfrs'ined.
NEW YORK, April 21.— -At the North
ern' Securities meeting to-day. 2,944.
740 shares were voted in favor of the
distribution plan and none against it.
The .total, number of shares issued by
the company was .3,950,000. . .
The stockholders' of ¦ the Securities
met in llobokeh, N. J., to vote on the
proposed ;pro.rata plan of distribution:
Officials of the company who were
present included President J. J. Hill,
¦Fourth .Vice President and General
Counsel W. P. Clough. Secretary E.
T. Nichols and Nicholas Terhune, a
director. Others present included Win
slow S. Pierce and R. S. Lovett, the
legal representatives of the Harriman
Interests.
A communication requesting the
Health Board to prepare an exhibit
for the "Model City" at St. Lc-uis was
turned over to Drs. Harvey and Po- ;
helm to report at", the next meeting. -.
Thomas Flynn of 31S7 Mission street,
was given one week's time to put his/
premises in sanitary condition or take
the consequences. Flyrin was arrested
before c-n complaint of the Health Of
fice, but his case is still pending.
Drs. Smith and Riddon were appoint
ed consultants for the Almshouse at
the request of the faculty of Cooper
MedicaJ College, , •
The Lick-Wilmerding Improvement
Club complained of a nuisance In* the
Petrero district produced py a drain
having been filled up and a stagnant
pool created. The matter was referred
to the Health Officer arid Dr. Hassler to
take some action.
A long communication was received
from the Grand Jury relative to the
lack of fire escapes, at the Almshouse,
and suggesting that the condition be
remedied at once.. The proposition was
ordered forwarded to the Board of Su
pervisors, with a request that the pro
posed improvement be considered when
the budget is being made up.
OTHER MATTERS SETTLED. )
Dr. Hassler also reported that diph
theria is prevalent in St. Charles School
and recommends that it be closed for
two weeks and the building thorough
ly fumigated. As there is to be a meet
ing ct the volunteer school inspection
physicians Saturday nigni action was
deferred until the subject could be dis
cussed at that time.
Chief Inspector Hassler reported that
the t-ewer on Bryant street, at the in-,
tersection of Circular avenue and Ala
meda street, was in a bad condition,
and recommended that Bartlett and
Washington alleys be repaved. . Beth
matters were ordered referred to the
Board of Supervisors.
The report of the superintendent of
the City and County Hospital for the
month of March was placed on file.
The report of the Health Officer on
the subject of adulterated drugs was
hied." and (he secretary informed the
board that the chemical laboratory
was at work on articles in that line
and would be ready to file a report in
a few days.
Owing to the fact that the" Health
Officer tiled a report regarding the san
itary condition of barber shops;"whic»
vtas not very flattering' to the tonsorial
artists,- DrW'Poheim and Hughes were
appointed, a special committee to look
into the matter'and formulate a set of
rules to govern air the barber shops of
the city.
IJ. .B,. .O'Connor was appointed dairy
inspector at a salary of $90 per month
from May 1. and the resignation
of Mrs. R. E. Shelton as clerk in the
F.mergency Hospital- was accepted.
RKPOKTS ARE FILED.
The dilapidated condition of China
town was considered by.the board to the
extent of passing a resolution requesting
the Board of Supervisors to add $10,800
to th.e budget for the Health Depart
ment for. the fiscal year 1904-05 for the
continuation of the work of sanitary
improvement in the Chinese district.
CLUB STATES POSITION'.
At the close of the details of the case
the communication continued:
This club lias been fighting this proposition
for year*, but, on account of the principal
owner of. this property being on theTbond of a
prominent city official, we were always der
feated. During the past two campaigns for
Mayor the resident* made this an Issue, that a
new Board of Health might be appointed.
New that you gentlemen are Installed In their
places we expect better treatment and that the
relief so long prayed for be granted.
Members of the Precita Valley Im
provement Club say they have waited
for years to "have a nuisance in their
locality abated, and have, even gone
into politics to carry their point. Yes
terday another appeal was. made to the
Board of Health and the^'facts in the
case cited in a communication sent in
by James M. Foley, ! secretary of the
club. This time the 'chances are the
request will not be in vain, for a spe
cial committee, consisting of the
Health Officer and Dr. Hassler, wag
appointed during the session held yes
terday to investigate and take action.
The communication from Secretary
Foley gave the history of the nuisance
from the description of the odors to the
children of the neighborhood catching
frogs. The pore spot is an undrained
depression on Army street, between
Harrison street and San Bruno road
and within one block bf the Columbia
Grammar School.
Barber Shops . Are to Be
Inspected and Eules for
% Their Control Prepared
Union .Pacific Files Notice
That It Claims/the' Stock
Delivered by Harriman
While attempting to escort a crowd
of baggy-trousered compatriots frpra
the ferry station to a hotel, Antonio
Esola ran afoul of a number of hack-
Ttiep. and. bus t drivers r ,and,.boarding
house runners and was * protecting his
charges when a policeman arrested
him.
. 'He was slugging right and left and
"Well, I suppose you'll have your
fling." said the court, sorrowfully, "I'll
defer sentence till to-morrow."
Mary "Worth, nineteen years of age
and comely, was arrested for smoking
a cigarette and otherwise making an
unlovely exhibition of herself on
Kearny street. She told Judge Mogan
that Bhe recently ran away from a
happy home in Riverside and came
here to tread the rosy paths which,
she understood, awaited unsophisti
cated rural maidens.
"And you're sorry you came, I hope?"
the Judge inquired.
. Mary tried to look penitent, but the
effort failed. A moment later ehe
turned around and winked deliberate
ly at an older female who sat among
the spectators.
Edward Clifford alias "Toughy."
who for half a dozen years has held
undisputed sway as the boss black
guard of the Barbary Coast, will be
sentenced to-day for vagrancy and dis
turbing the peace. With him on Judge
Mogan's calendar is Ruth Clifford, a
flashily attired danseuse. who also dis
turbed the peace and will be punished
for it. Clifford accosted her on the
street with a request that she give
him $8. which she declined to do, so he
struck her and she struck back. Then
they clinched and fell and were
thumping each other right merrily
when a policeman arrived.
"Without attempting to undertake
the purification of the Barbary Coast
I will send you to the County Jail to
morrow," said the Judge to the male
defendant, and "Toughy" scowjed, but
discreetly refrained from expressing
his feelings.
William N v olan, alias William Bray,
charged with assaulting and attempt
ing *to rob two women in the tender
loin district one evening about a week
ago, had a hearing before Judge Mo
pan and will lie told to-day whether he
is iruilty or not. He is 18 years of age.
a native of Calaveras County and
equipped with precocious self-posses
sion. The two women positively iden
tified him as their assailant, but he
never' flinched under their scrutiny,
and when on the witness stand he loud
ly answered all questions before they
were half-uttered. S'o attempt was
made to deny the assault, but it is
doubtful that he can be held for at
tempt to rob," as the testimony of the
complainants on that noinl was rather
equivocal.
Louis Delnardi was before Judge Mo
pan on the charge of disturbing the
peace in a Broadway temple of vaude
ville, and his case was continued until
to-day to enable the prosecution to ob
tain testimony sufficient to convict. The
police have l>een in pursuit of Mr. Del
nardi ever since his offense was com
mitted, several weeks, ago, when one
of his companions. Emil Devin, was ar
rested and found guilty. At the time
the peace was disturbed a dashing sou
brette was singing "Save My Mother's
Flipper From the Sale," and it is un
derstood that Str. Delnardi's attorney
will ask for dismissal of his client on
the grpund that the sentiment of the
Kong was irreverent vnd unfilial. the
vocalism defective and the perform
ance penerally provocative of protest.
Among the British cttstoms which
this comparatively uncivilized "land of
ours has resolutely declined to adopt
is the time-honored one of transform
ing a theater into a bedlam when the
rxrforma nee fails to please. In good
old Lunnon oven the most genteel audi
-ence expresses disapproval of nn act or
en aovor by moaning "Boo" and pelting
the. stage- with orange peel, nutshells
and other convenient missiles, but the
most nifcld of this country's Angloma
niars who has not entirely relinquished
claim to respectability would never de-
S'.-end to. 6uch rowdyism as that. He
would either exit quietly or remain and
suffer in silence, because he knows that,
any other course would invite arrest
for disturbing the peace and attach to
his character the taint of hoodlumtsm.
Its as hoodlums such offenders are
treated by the Police Judges.
Two of them. John Fraser and Kddie
Ferris, were sentenced to twenty-four
hours' imprisonment yesterday by
Judge Fritz, and at the end of that pe
viod they are i« reappear for additional
punishment if it ran legally he ordered.
They endeavored to make "rough
hcufe." as the prosecuting policeman
termed it, in a Market street home of
melodrama, and their behavior was so
offensive to the less* exacting folk in
the audience that their arrest was ef
fected in the interest of law and order.
It vas the way in which the villain of
the Tlay maltreated the heroine that
ptirred ur» their latent rowdyism, they
declared in defense, but the Judge
scouted the plea on the ground that
the hero was amply able to protect the
lady.
For stealing a canary Fred Pierce,
a respectable looking man, will be ex
amined to-day by Judge Mogan. The
warbler was taken from, a Kearny
street bird stare night before last* and
thrust in a pocket of the defendant's
coat, where it was almost smothered
when rescued.
Louey Sing and Louey Lee- were held
in surety of $2000 apiece to answer in
the Superior Court the charge of at
tempting to murder Louey Poy and
Lin Chun one night last week in Sulli
van alley. They were examined before
Judge Cabanissr"
* • • . •
William Casey was dismissed on the
charge of murder by Judge Cabaniss,
who declared that the prosecuting tes
timony alone sufficed to warrant that
decision. It was clearly proved that
when Casey shot William McNamee in
the former's grocery, on Bernal
Heights, he acted purely in self-de
fense. The Coroner's Jury returned a
verdict of justifiable homicide, and
Judge Cabaniss heard only one witness
for the defense. McNamee was killed
the night of Saturday, April 9.
Holmgren was "doing" Dupont street
one evening not long ago, and in the
course ut his "peregrinations he ub
sorbed considerable liquor. "During a.
lucid interval he deposited for safe
keeping with a' saloon-keeping friend
of his an indorsed check for $60 and
cash to the amount of $20, and then
he resumed his tour of inspection. It
was Madge Wells' unlucky star that
guided him into her company, for soon
afterward she was arrested for steal
ing from him the money which he had
deposited as afore described. After the
arrest the saloon man who he.ld the
cash and check was heard from, and
Gus was as much surprised as pleased
to learn that his wealth had not been
lost.
He apologized to Madge for his alco
holic lapse of memory.
Complete vindication was awarded to
Madge Wells by Judge Cabaniss, and
at the same tima and by the fcame
authority Gus Holmgren, an East
street dealer in -cigars, was given to
understand that he had acted with
undue precipitancy in getting the wo
man arrested and. charged with grand
larceny. . .._
Ethel Somers became disgruntled be
cause of fancied grievances, and in
stead of finding the solace which she
sought in strong waters she waxed
fierce and malicious. While in that
mood she smashed sundry articles of
furniture in . her rented apartment at
238 Kearny street, and now she is con
victed of vagrancy and awaiting sen
tence by Judge Mogarr.
Kicc-las von ftuben, a meek little man
with scraggly mustache or *andy hue.
told of his misplaced confidence in. the
intetrrity of Llllie Baker, middle aged,
corpulent and aggressive of manner,
and Jjudge Fritz patiently listened to
the pathetic recital. But its pathos
was lost upon the woman, who chuc
kled silently and pressed her sides,- a
la Jack Falstaff, as the man confessed
the truthfulness that had been so sys
tematically preyed upon.
Their first meeting was in a Pa
oific-street resort ftrr seafaring men,
Herr von Ruben said, and he was im
pressed by the lady's ample physical
charms and demurencss of demeanor.
She told him she was a poor, lone" spins
ter, with no one to cherish or protect
her, and gazing at his diminutive figure
she sighed and said how happy is the
lot- of a woman who nas a strong
masculine arm to lean upon. Then she
artlessly remarked that she had in her
mind's eye a business opportunity
which a man with ordinary pecuniary
means could utilize to advantage. That
was the beginning of a course of chi
canery by which Mr. von Ruben says
he was wheedled out of about $1100.
The money was obtained for the osten
sible purpose of establishing the de
fendant in the saloon business, and
$300 of it was to be Invested in the
purchase of a piano? - After his money
Mas gone the complainant ascertained
that he had been taken in and done
fcr by a married woman who bore the
sobriquet of "the Queen of Pacific
street."
The case is still on hearing.
* ~ • *
"We no maka. da trobble," exclaimed
the defendant. "Dese ronners trya ta.
Eteala • ma men. Dey are da geelty.
Why notta dey arresta? Eh?"
"That's how it looks to me," was
the court's decision. "Go: home."
the other dagoes were hopping and
shouting like song-and-dance men,"
said the complaining officer.
President . Mitchell:' and .Other "Labor
Leuders Hold Conference at Denver.
| DENVER.; Colo., April 2X.'— Presi
dent John Mitchell of the United M ine
Workers of America) who' is attending
the sessions of the executive council
of the : American -Federation' of Labor^
in. this city, has : conferred ."while; here'
with W. R. Fairle"y f ~; national represen
tative, and William" Hoivells .and 'John
Simpson,'- president; and; secretary .6?
District 15, concerning 'the r miners'
strike in -Southern "Colorado, which
they, are managing. ; As ¦, the coal •' com r
panies' • refuse, to ;. confer -with' the
miners > it is 'expected : that President
Mitchell will recommend to 'the na-'
t ional . board of his "'organization,'. which
meets } at Indanapolis'- April 27, that
the -Colorado' strike be .continued' in
definitely; \ • ' -¦"¦;' ;;
General Bell's answer, in which he
represented that al) acts of the other
respondent, Captain Bulkeley Wells,
were performed under commands of his
superior officer (Bell), declared that
Moyer was an active participant in
fomenting and keening alive the insur
rection and rebellion in .San Miguel
County, and that it was necessary to
restrain him for some time to come.
Bell further represented that • he had
been ordered by the Governor not to re
lease Moyer, either \ipon vvrit of habeas
corpiig or otherwise, until so command
ed .by the Gpvernor. - ..
The court heard the arguments on a
motion of the petitioner to be admitted
to bail pending a decision on the.ques
tion of the court's, jurisdiction, and took
the matter under advisement.
'Moyer; was then removed to the hotel
in custody of the military. . ¦ ' •
¦ - - ;¦; • ., : rr+— ¦;¦ . .' .
DISCUSS MINERS' STRIKE.
¦ A telegram was sent to D. )C. Copley,
a member of the executive board : of
the Western Federation of Miners, who
is*ln Kansas,. requesting him to come
to Denver and talte charge at feder
ation headquarters. .
The president of the Western Feder
ation of. Minors, who arrived in Denver
to-day in custody pf State troops after
several weeks' incarceration at Tellu
ride, where- martial law is in force; in
consequence c,-f labor troubles," was tak
en before" the State Supreme Court this
afternoon under a writ of habeas cor
pus which had .been issued in. his case.
At the Oxford Hotel he entered a hack
with General Sherman M, Bell and
Captain Bulkeley Wells, the respond
ents to the writ,' and the vehicle was
driven -rapidly to the State House, fol
lowed by thirty-two armed soldiers,
who- guarded the entrances to the
courtroom while the habeas corpus pror
ceedings were in progress.
Attorney General Miller and Attorney
John M. Waldron appeared in the court
for the Governor and military auth'or'
ity^ and AttornVy'B.F, Richardson "in
behalf of Mr. Jloyir. CMef Justice Gal>
bert* and Justice Steeled were *on thp
bench, Jufitice Campbell being absent.
The "return to the 'writ presented by
Attorney General Miller sets forth that
the petitioner," Mover, is lawfully re
strained of his liberty under and pur
suant to the express command of the
Governor and commander in ( chjef' of
the military forces of the State of Colo
rado as a military necessity in the
course of the suppression of an existing
state of insurrection and rebellion in
the county of San Miguel, that this
hbnprahle court is not lawfully vested
with jurisdiction to mafye or render any
further order whatsoever in said pro
ceedings except to dismiss -and quash
said writ, and that the- production of
the body of the said Moyer .before this
honorable court on this, the return day
of said writ, is not byjway of recogni
tion of the said court' to order the re
lease of said petitioner, but solely as
an act of courtesy on the part of the
chief executive of the State and out of
respect to this honorable court to con
form to the mandate of said writ to the
extent only of duly advising the court
of the cause of the detention of /said
petitioner, Charles H. Moyer. .
BKLL FILES 'ANSWER.
DENVER, April 2i:— Defying the de
tachment of' cavalry which brought
Charles H.Moyer from Tel Iuride to ap
.pear before the. Supreme CJourt, W, D,
Haywpod, eecretary-treasurer of the
Federation . of Miners," attempted s to
hold • a conversation with the prisoner
whiie he was being taken from the train
at the Union station thip morning. < Or
dered to stand back by Captain We^Js,
commanding the guard, Haywood
struck 'the officer in the face. ' In . a
second he was surrounded by a cordon
of angry troopers," who struck at Mm
with the, butts of their carbines and
beat h'ni withvsix-8hpotei-s. : That ;he
was ndr.killed by -the excited 'soldiery
is due, to the action of Bert Givens,
the orderly of gaptain "Wells, who
struck up the muzzle of a gun aimed
at Haywood and rescued him from his
position between two gars, where Jhe
guardsmen had him cornered. Placed
under arrest, he t was put In the middle
of a hollow square of militiamen rind
marched to the Oxford Hotel, near the
depot. Here h» again showed fight and
was" beaten into submission. His »in
juries Qorieisted of a deep cut on the
left "side of the nead and one on the
right side of- his- head, which almost
severed the lower lobe of his right ear.
When a demand v^as made by Police
Captain Frank Lef for tne release- of
Haywpcd on the.ground that the mili
tary rule did not extend to, Denver,
General Bell replied th&t he intended
to hold Haywood' as a military pris
oner* and would shoot any one who
attempted to take him, but neverthe
less, updfr orders from Governor Pea
body, Hay wood,. was surrendered "to
Sheriff Armstrong and placed Jn the
county jaij. this afternoon.
, CO PI iEY SUM31ONKD.
TO. CLEAN CHINATOWN
Resolve4, That the executive council of tht
American Federation . of Labor, In the inter
ests of the working people and all the people
of our country, view svlth apprehension any
failure on • the part of the Congress j of the
United State* to effectuajly provide, before
the adjournment of this -present cession of
Congress,, for an effectual law- that shall ex
eiude Chinese immigration Into our j country
and its' pot-sessions, and -we furthermore ur
gently request that the bill Introduced by the
Hon. Robert Hitt (H. .-p. 151§7) be enacted
Into law.'. '
the status 'of- the exclusion law. Re
ferring to the Hitt bin, the report
says it would, "if enacted, not only
maintain that which has been secur
ed so far upon the subject of Chinese
exclusion, but would also be more ef-*
fective," . 1^0^^^^^}
\ The resolutiqn follows:
2,944,^0 SHAEES VOTED
Precita Valley Club Begs
Board of Health to Take
Some Action Immediately
Northern Securities Company
Stockholders Approve Pro
Rata \ Scheme
Police Judges Fritz and Mogan Frown Upon
Defendants Who Express Dislike, of
Stage Performances in a Rough Way
ASK FOR RELIEF
FROM NUISANCE
DISTRIBUTION
PLAN ADOPTED
ROWDYISM IN THEATERS
DISCOURAGED IN COURT
Labor Leader, Denied an Interview With
Charles Moyerv; Strikes Captain Wells
and Arouses Angry Passions of Troopers
HAYWOOD IS SEVERELY
BEATEN BY SOLDIERY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' FRIDAY, _APRIL': 22; 1904.
- iKEW- YORK. April 21.— The United States
Rubber. Company, declared to-day- a -i dividend
of -i Vt '. Per ¦ cefat «n . the '. pref erred- 'etock.. •' This
IB the ' first 1 dividend on thls^stocV Jn 1 several
years. .
4
• You get - v one ¦ of these useful
articles free ; by bringing . your
"Want A4s"to The* Call for Ini
sertion ,'ir» NEXT , SUNDAY'S is-
sue f of Greater' San - Francisco's
Greatest Pajter.- • ¦ ". -.1
: .- WALKER'S-. '
SELF-PUI.IJXG CORKSCREW.
~. (Patented.) . V '
- FREE*' PRE^3 -,- '
JO WANT ADVERTISERS
In next .SUNDAY'S CALL.
ADVEETISE1SENTS.
rCannot Rest
. Your appetite is gone. What little you
cat dietrpsses you. Strength 1« failing —
are bilious, you have headache, back-
ache, feel blue and melancholy — and can-
not rest or sleep. The fact is your nerves
are unstrung, and yo,u axe on the verge
of ner\-ouB prostration. They must be
strengthened, renewed. They will not
cure themselves, but must have a nerve
remedy. This you will find In
-. Div Miles' Nervine
It Is prepared * for Just such ailments,
*nd rs a never-failing remedy, because
It Boothes, feeds and builds the nerves
bark 10 health.
.¦'If allowed to continue, stomach. - kid-
ney and liver troubles will soon be add-
ed to your already overflowing- measure
of misery. f
• "J suffered . from nervous prostration.
Wheji* I began taking- Dr. Miles' Nervine
I couldn't hold anything in my hands,
nor get ¦ from one 1 room to another. > Now
I do ell my own work."— MRS. CU AS.
LANDRUM. Carthage; Mo.'. • ¦
.i Nen-lnw seldom fails "to do* all we
rlcLlm *fo"r-'it. and, bo we 'authorize drug--
»lstp to reXundmoney If first bottle does
not benefit'
. ad vEBtnamffrarra.
Eating "FORCE" doesn't
create brain, it merely
brings out the best there
is in it. .^«'^ >
Napoleon lost WaterlpQ
, because of brain-fog. If
he'd had "FORCE" to;
eat every day, I Wonder;;
how the map of Europe '•
would have looked in
this twentieth- century. -
Too cannot bqfld mental fore«'from foeda
But dsrmant faculties sprout Into actmtj
whea Brain food Is substituted for m«r» Reah-
food. ¦ ......
Dry m\opi-ngjr \ ..
AT CUT RATES.
j I've set the pace on rates and on good
work and prompt delivery. Give me a trial
order and you'll continue to patronUe me.
Try It. Here are a few figures:
DEVELOPING:
Roll of 6 lOclRoll ot 12 13c
PRINTING :
Sollo flnf&h..3c to 6c|Velox finish.. 3o to 6c
DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS In all
popular sizes at popular prices.
Cameras of all kinds repaired at low
rates. y
lOO^SE!^ 50$
COWtCCT STYLES >*O *IZtS. ALSO
BUS4NCS* AMD PROrKSSWMAk CARDS
THAT MAN PITTS
•r-W-piTTS-Ti.. at«ti~«»- . -
1008 Market Street- JS&&.
- ¦ 3an Francisco'
: : OCEAX TRxVV^EIj.
<**%. • Steamers leave . Broadway
/JV^X^OX- wharrea. piers 0 and 1 11,
AK^_ "San Francisco.- — "• -
/ft/Tfi/l'itaj \-*\ For Ketchikan. . XVnngti,
I i v|T*5*^ 1 I Juneau. Halnes, Skagway.
\ \ \*V*K&) I rt <"-. Alaska- — 11 a. m.. Apr.
V*\ \\ " ytf/ 2JV, • 30, May 5. Chang* to
yyy*| Company's steamers at 6e-
N^'tsfiV?/ attle.
For Victoria, VaricwiTer.
Port Townsend, Seattle/ Tacotna. Everett, Bel-
lintfham — 11 a. m., Apr. 25, .10. May r>.
i'htinKP at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. S. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P, Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. Apr. 21" . -js. May 4. Spokane. 1:30 p. m.,
Apr. 25, May 1. -1
For l>os Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San IMego and Santa. Barbara —
Santa Roca. Sundays, 0 a.m.
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. 8anta Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonita. II a. m.. Apr. 29. May 7.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, MazatUn. Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia.. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. For further Information obtain folder.
RlRht Is reserved to change steamers or sailing
dates.
TICKET OT7XCXS — 4 New Montgom-
ery tit. (1'h.lace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUN ANN, General Agent.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co., 2O Butter at., will
call for and check baggage from hotels . and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
NOME
—AND—
ST. MICHAEL
THE Al FAST
S. S. ©TV F>AUIJ:Ti
CAPTAIN C. E..LINDQUIST. .<-'
(Carrying U. S. Malls.)
• FKOM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT.
JUNE 2 F». A\.
Connecting with the Company's Steamers tor
Ali »»»INC SEA POINTS. and at St.
Michael with the Company's River St«am?r«
for Fairbanks and all points on KOYUKUK.
TANANA and YUKON RIVERS.
For Freight. and Passage to
WORTHEBN C020HEBCIAI, CO..
C23 Crvss^y bulletins. Cor. Mission and Sc.r
Montgcmery sts.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
\» r i " (ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
¦¦ Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan struts, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and ¦ HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hto«ro>.
Nagasaki • and Shanghai, and connecting s.t
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc No
cargo received -on board on day of. sailing.
S S. AMERICA MARU ;£
Thursday. May 12. 10^4
Via Honolulu. • Round-trip -ticket*, at reduced
rates. -For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's* office. 421 Market stre«t. corner Ftrjt.
„ ¦ - W. H. AVERT. O>neral Agent.
¦Oi R. ¦:& N. CO*
OREGON-salU April 27. May 7. 17 and 27. -I'
GEO. W. ELDER sails April 22. Mav 2. 12
and '22. Only steamship • line to PORTLAND.
OR ,' and short rail line from Portland to a'.l
points East. Through tickets, to alt points.
Steamer tickets Include berth and meats.
Steamer sails foot of Hpear st.. at 11 a. m.
8. F BOOTH Gen. Art. Pass, Dept.. 1 Mont-
gomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agent Freight
Dept.. 3 Montgomery at.
.__ —^ ; . - '.. . .
R R MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Apr. 23. 11 a. ni.
£' s AHMEW, for Honolulu. Apr. 23. 11 a.m.
g 5 SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Tnurs.. May 5, 2 p. m. :
J D SPBICKILS & BROS. CO.,A£S.,TlCah 03C8 643 til-
litSL, Frei&ni omes 323 Mar&t sl. Pier 7. n:)l: n
UTPAGSIS BlVHLkLt TRAHHTL4HTIQUB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday instead of *Cj5^)
Saturday; at 10 a. m... from Pier 42. -"a^^.p
North River,' foot of Morton st. *
First class to Havre, f TO . and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $43 and - upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA., 32 Broadway • (Hudson building).
New York. \ J.' F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pactflc coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold 'by all -Railroad Ticket Agents.'
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.'
M Evaporated m
bsars the above cap label. ||1
Contains fully as much m
W&L food substance per can as Egg
the watery imitations in j^w
|§ It is smooth and perfect SM
because skillfully pre- Eg
j^^ pared} Its purity is ffisL
Colds
Lfl urippc
Catartiv
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
. pruner's ul Medicine,
or\ your money returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. • For
sale by all; dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 .California St., S. F., sent by
. mail: or express. People cured
free of cHarge from 1 to 4 p. m.
DDTTCIIE'C f 01 * BArtBERS. tC\. '
DnU JilijU kers - bootblacks, Dath-
*T *". W *** - >T bouses, blHUrd Ubl#«.
brewera. bookbinders." candy makert. c*cn«-».
dyers. Hour mlll«. foundries. Uundrlev p*p«r-
hancera, printers, • painters. I »ho* facto-lo*.
stablemen, tar-roof era.- tanners, tailor*, etc .'
' \ '• 80OKAirAH BKOS^
Brash Mannt»ctatera. 6C9 Sacramento St.
Maro Ialaod ' and. ValleJo Steamer».
>'; Steamer GKN.', FRISBIE^o/MONTlCELLO—
0:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday, 0:45 a.m., 8:3ft p. m.^. Leaves ValleJo
' 7- a. m..v 12 :30 • and « • p. m.~.'- except : 8unday.
Sunday, -7.«. m., 4J5.p. m.'-Fare. CO cents.
.Tel Main; 1508. Pier 2, . Mlssion-sW dock.
UATCHiBROS j.' x \: ¦- . : : •NEW. - YORK, April , 21.— Declared
guilty of . forgery, while . posing - as J.
Ogden -Goelet -in' his effort < to win- the
affections'* of ? Miss ' Eleanor -Anderson,
James N. "Abeel : Is the . first t to ; be : con
victed .'of that'crlme^ where it was ad
mitted .that T the,: man ; whose name 'he
forged was hot Injured. _.
Just .thirty-five . minutes . : were", taken
by the Jury to. reach ' a -decision. Not
perturbed in. the slightest, 'young Abeel.
whose attorneys; ,had * offered no .de
fense, heard the word which may mean
Imprisonment -for; five 'years//] -
'¦} In one of thfe rear seats was"Miss'An
derson!' ¦•; She- had / been • "the ¦•principal
witness of day, .-and '".none :who
heard^ her was ; ; not ¦ Impressed -by .'- her
recital 'of ',the7re"rnarkable '.'seven- days'.
courtship urged- so" vigorously -by the
young man; who led her to believe he
Special' Dispatch. ¦ to The Call.
Identification System Changed.
i SAX -QUENTIN. April 21.— The
State Board of Prison Directors met
at San Quentin to-daiy. A large
amount of business; was on file, but
comparatively little was accomplished.
No paroles were granted and the
Vnost important matter taken up was
the inauguration of a new system of
'identification.- At present the Bertil
lonVsystem^ Is used, but tQ-day the
.board, adopted a resolution Installing
theDe Pue system in conjunction
with the method now in vokue.
WASHINGTON. "April: 21.— Most. of to-day's
session of tbe Society, of the Daughters of the
American : Revolution was devoted to reports
from the State ¦ organizations. The California
delegation chose Mrs. John F. Swift and Mrs.
Cameron E Tone aa regent and vice regent.
and nothing was known by him, of the
facts of the. case.
Mrs. Saunders declares that she will
have her sister's body exhumed and an
autopsy held.
' At the conclusion of the flrst act a
call went up for the author, W. H. Clif
ford. ''He appeared before the curtain.
The. ladies of the cast were exquisitely
'gowned arid with the fine scenery and
"decorations the stage was a blaze ,of
splendor. . . ,/
[* The'plot.oif the play "His Royal Nibs"
is laid in- the depths of the infernal re
gions,* into which several ' unfortunate
creatures aire erroneously thrown. They
escape through .the bursting, of a bomb
and* land; upon the wilderness , of a de
serted island./ The audience entered
enthusiastically into' the humor of the
play', and'? presented the actors with
many floral contributions. .The play will
be produced for" the last time to-night.
The -large house was packed to the
doors with the most exclusive society
of this; city, and each amateur in turn
was', loudly applauded. The play was
a success. . , .
'• "His Royal Nibs," an original mu
sical • comedy.' written by local talent
and : presented for the benefit of the
California Woman's Hospital, was pro
duced forthe first time at the Alham
bra Theater last night.
Amateurs' Benefit for the California
•> .Woman's Hospital Proves a Great ¦
- Success at the Alhambra.
NEW MEMBERS
ARE ANNOUNCED
PAYS FOR HIS
FALSE COURTING
was the scion of one of the wealthiest
families in this country. As the fore
man spoke it was impossible to decide
from her expression whether she .was
about to smile or burst into tears. Her
gaze wandered to Abeel, where ; he
stood alone, and then . she covered her
face with her handkerchief. She de
clined to say what she thought of .the
result of the trial, nor would her
father, discuss it.
Miss Anderson was a telegraph ope
rator-at the Grand Hotel, Jn this city.
James N. Abeel, a son of a man of
moderate wealth, made love to her and
represented himself as Goelet. He gave
Miss Anderson a fictitious check for
5100,000. ;¦'.' ¦
"HIS ROYATj NIBS" DRAWS
BIG SOCIETY AUDIENCE
Catherine • Grady, wife of "Walter
Grady.' a patrol driver at the Park po
lice station, died on Sunday last of a
fractured skull and was burled on
Wednesday at Holy Cross Cemetery-
The Morgue deputies were notified
last night by Mrs. Dr. G. L. .Saunders
of 506 Kearny street, a sister of. de
ceased, and a Mrs.. Simon of ,1416 Mar
ket street that they .«were '. satisfied the
woman. had been murdered.- They de
clared that Mrs. Grady's father-in-law,
W. M.' Grady, an attorney of .this city,
had quarreled with' her at her home at
717 Devisadero street, on March" 22 last
and had struck her on : the head with
a chair .. - .",
Later her condition became. alarming
and Dr. C. /WV Card was' called In. To
him it- was explained that Mrs.Grady
had fallen to'the floor and Injured her
self. The doctor declared the case a
serious one and ordered Mrs. Grady. to
the Waldeck Sanitarium. Dr.": Meisner,
who attended her there, the women
say, was deceived by the came story
Executive Committee Insists
That Employes Must lie
long to Union After 60 Days
Three «esentl&l differences exist be
twaen the Amalgamated Union of
Street Car Employes and the United
B&ilro&ds of San Francisco. They are
questions of wages, hours and the drip
ping blade of an "open shop."
Last night the executive committee
of the Carmen's Union met. Thirty
one of the representatives of the union
got la convention at 310 OTarrell
street. The call was for 7: SO o'clock,
bat stragglers prolonged the meeting
tour until it was nearly 8 o'clock be
fore a Quorum was represented. W. D.
Mahon, president of the International
Union; Richard Cornelius and other
prominent members of the union were
becomingly late, as befits Important
personages.
One by one the articles submitted by
the United Railroads were taken up
and discussed- Objections were plenti
ful to each of them, but they were
oven Idea on a vote. Only three of the
terms were left In dispute. They were
.on the question of a slicing scale, the
* hours cf work and the question of al
lowing the United Railroads to em
ploy non-union men.
In tbe flrst case the executive com
pjlttee of the Carmen's Union will rec
©mxneird that the company shall agree
to pay a flat rate of 27^ cents an hour.
Instead of the scale offered by the com
pany, ranging from £5 cent* an hour
for one-year employes to 27% cents per
hour for employes of three years'
standing.
Secondly, the demand win be made
for a day's work to be finished In 11H
hours Instead of 15, as proposed by the
United Railroads.
••open shop" power.
Finally, and probably more important
as an issue, will be the recommenda
tion that an agreement be entered into
between employers and employes that
after eixty days' employment on the
cars a new man must submit to the
union whether or, not he is fit to per
form his duties, asd then he must be
come a union man If he shall prove ac
ceptable. This is the direct attack on
the "open shop" policy inaugurated by
the United Railroads.
When the executive committee ad
journed after a session of nearly three
hours none of tb^rn-was wflllng to dis
cuss the Issues. It was stated by Presi
dent Mahon that a general meeting of
the carmen would be held Saturday
rifRftt at the headquarters, 310 O'FarrelJ
ttreet, when a thorough discussion of i
th«» subject will be held. The recom- 1
mendations of the executive committee '
¦will b* explained and the objections to
the three clauses in question will be
stated. On the following Monday a se
cret ballot by the carmen will be taken.
The ballots will contain each of the
riipputrd points and the single words
"No" and "Yes" are to be marked on
the margin. A majority vote Is to rule
on each question, and In case of one
clause failing to carry a new series of
negotiations is to be taken up with the
company.
CHAPMAN'S STATEMENT.
Apparently an entirely different view
I? entertained by the United Railroads.
T^ast night General Manager Chapman
issued th^ following statement, which
varies with the facts stated by the
rnbmbrrs of the executive committee of
the Carmen's Union:
Tti»- contract now In proc^w of submission
to th» union, and practicaily «Rre*<l upon by
thr ront>r«nce committee, is identical with
thf company's proposal to th* men, with two
exception*. It Includes a new eectlon (3?),
*hirh read* a* follows:
""No employe eliall be discharged or dli>
triminaUd against by an officer or official
cf !*i' company because of membership, in
th* union.
¦Wh<Tf any employe has been. In the opin
ion of the union, discharged or discriminated
eg*in*t on account of union affiliation* (un
.iuftlvt Me case fhall first be taken up with
Mr. Hihbs. or his successor, and. in case of
faSlnra to roach an adjustment, the case may
I* 1 i.fi"s!'il by the union to the general man
. r.- • •a.tvl — ort at the union's, option, to- a
fcdborjmtuitu*" of tho board of directors, con-
Fi*ting «rf Messrs. IJolbrook and Tobln, who
t ilt consider the came and render a de
*i»ion upon written testimony presented by
««eh party.
"In rane of the absence or illness of one. or
both, the vacancy *hall be filled by appoint
m*-m of the board of directors of the com
iwnjr."
Thin i-eci ion nu adopted to meet the ideas
of the union in rvcard to dismissals. Tb*
other change is the elimination of section 3
of the ol«J contract, which reads as follows:
"Shculd the peneral manager or other execu
tive officer of the company in passing on
any difference that may arise under this airree
mvnt and brought before htm by the acci e*AHfS
otleers of the union decide adversely to them
»:i »ppcal *hall lie on the part of the union
to the president or vice president and from
in-m to the board of directors of the company.
The president or vice president ahaJI hear
und pass upon appeal* at least once a, month.
The time -Tor saJd hearings shall in every case
precede the rejrular meetings of the board of
dinectors at lea*t one week; and at each of
paid hearings all appeal made to the pre-<
dent or vice presidentxprlor thereto shall be
determined so that any appeai therefrom may
be considered at the next succeeding meeting
of the board of directors."
In other respects the result is In full ac
cord with the company's proposal, with which
the public Is already familiar. As has been
already stated In the company's proposal the
*rale tendered by It will operate to Increase
the p«y of a majority of tbe men. Home Im
mediately and others In the near future.
Trunks, valises and all leather goods
lrtt*r«>d in gold free of charge. Received
in carload lots and sold at carload prices.
Eanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
Imwc Demands Heavy Damages
H. H. Lowe, who while out automo
biling on the night of January 7 was
run into by a Fillmore-etreet car at
the corner of. Golden Gate avenue and
Fillmor* street, tiled a suit for $21,175
damages against the United Railroads
yesterday. Lowe rlalms that as the
result *of the accident he will have a
miff arm for the balance of his days,
lie blames the motonnan for not using
ordinary vigilance.
CLAIMS THAT A MURDER
HAS BEEN' COMMITTED
i A telegram was received in this city
yesterday announcing that President
E. H. Harriman of the Southern Paciflo
Company and the members of his party
would "reach this city.frfm the south at
S o'clock and will make, their head
quarters at the St. Francis Hotel during
their" several days' stay in San Fran
cisco. The railroad magnate comes ,to
this city from New York by way of
New Orleans, the roundabout trip be
ing made for the purpose of "enabling
his traveling companions to inspect all
the lines of the Harriman syndication
the pouth. From here . it Is expected
that the party will make trips' over the
local portions of the Southern Pacific
system and return east by way of the
Lucin cut-off. There are with Mr. Har
riman James Stillrria'ri,' president <?f the
National City Bank of New", York and
a director of- a number of .the roads
controlled by Harriman, and John D..
Rockefeller' Jr.; " Whitney Warren, a
New York financier;' James X. Hill,
son of James J. Hill, who is fighting
ITarriman in the Northern Securities
Company; Walter Goelet~6f the famous
Goelet family of New York and a di
rector of the Illinois Central Railroad;
T. Ferrer, re presenting In this country
the banking firm of Baring Brothers of
London, who are .financially Interested
In the Southern' Pacific Company;
Julius. Kruttschnitt, director of main
tenance and operations of the Har
riman lines; W.- V. S/ Thorne, director
of purchases and; supplies; William
Hetrin,- chief counsel; of "the Southern
Pacific. Company, and General Manager
C. H. Markham and W. F. Sproule,
freight traffic manager of , the same
concern.
E. H. HARRIMAX AND HIS '<-S0.;
PARTY DUE THIS MORXING
Mr. Ewer was later connoted with
the Scientific Mining Journal, and it
was through his energy and' able edi
torship that that sheet has grown to
be the standard of authority on min
ing matters. ,
Wartn Baxter Eirer of Piedmont
will be congratulated by a host of
friends for having reached the nine
tieth anniversary of a happy life. Mr.
Ewer was one of the first to migrate
across the plains, and he arrived In
California In the early part of 1843.
Since that time he haa been closely
connected with the development of the
Pacific Coast. He was born in Ded
ham, Mass., where In his early- youth
he chose for his life's business journal
ism. It was not long until he was one
of the foremost journalists of the East,
and he has always given the benefit of
his experience to younger men of the
profession.
Mr. Ewer discovered and brought
to the front the Hon. Henry Wilson,
the "Natick Cobbler" of Presidential
fame, and It was through Ewer's in-
Eight and persistence that the peerless
oratory of John B. Gough was devel
oped.
Warren Baxter Ewer Wil!
Be Congratulated by a
Host of Friends.
VEJCERABLB RESIDENT OF ALA
MEDA COUNTY, WHO HAB LIVED
IN CALIFORNIA SINCE f 'l9.
. PASO ROBL.ES. April 21.— The fourth
and last day of the State Medical So
ciety's session vras interesting. River-
Eide was selected as the place for the
next meeting:.
The election of officers resulted as fol
lows: President, Frank L. Adams,
Oakland;, first" vice president, W. T.
Lucas, Santa Maria; second vice presi
dent, W. W. Brekett, Los Angeles; sec
retary, Philip Mills. 1 Jones, San 'Fran
cisco; assistant secretary, F. .C.- Mc-
Cleave, Oakland, and', W. F. Barbat,
San Francisco; board of examiners,
Dudley Talt and W. 8. Thome of San
Francisco, J. C. .King: of Banning, A.
Li. Cortran of San Jose, G. ":F. Rhein
hardt of Berkeley; counselors, A. T.
Parker, H. Bert Ellis, F. Edwards,
George A. Hare, J. I* Asay, C. G. Kin
yen, E. N. Ewer, Thomas Ross, A. K.
Mays, F. B. Carpenter, George Evans
and G. E. Matte son; delegates to Amer
ican Medical Association at Atlantic
City, H. Bert Ellis and W." Lemayne
Wills.
At {he session this morning the sub
jects of surgery and anatomy were.dis
cussed by" Emmet Rixford, . Thomas
Huntlngton of San Francisco, Claire W.
Murphy of Los Angeles, C. Van Zwell
berger of Riverside and H. Sidebouth
am of Santa Barbara.
Epedal Dlepa.tch.to The Call
Southern California Town to
Be the Place of Meeting
of the x Next Convention
DENOUNCE "OPEX DOOR"
RIVERSIDE IS SELECTED
Session of the State Medical
Society at Saso Eobles
Concluded -After Election
Essential Differences Separ
ate the United Eailroads
and Its Threatened Strike
BROAD ISSUES
ARE INVOLVED
DOCTORS NAME
THE OFFICERS
THE SAN- FRANGISGO -:eAtt.;?-;FRIDAV^-A:PRIL{ 22,; 1904:
AGED PIONEER
PASSES LIFE'S
NINTH DECADE
>• KNOCKED DOWN - BV AN AUTOMOBILK.
The.- police t are searching i tor'** woman who
wag - driving -- automobile No. i 470 . on ; Market
street • shortly ' after ¦> 5 ? o'clock : on ' Wednesday
afternoon, ,-r She ,?. knocked y { down - Mrs. * Rosa
Bruikey, • an,«lderly woman, opposite 102S Mar
ket : street \ and ' drove i on ii without t wa Iting ; to
ascertain ""¦ whether; any * Injury i had i been '- done.'
Mrs -Bruskey was carried, into a drugstore and
later 'w« ( > helped Ion a' car, by iPollcemenKlnch
an4 i Moran. She lives at 27 - Lloyd street.
Ix>uli r- Beedy David Rich. Charles Baraottl,
Ed . Attrldge. William J. Barton, Dr. C. Vf.
Goodale;'F..T." Finch. -
¦ Forty-second Assembly DIetrict— D. R. Dun
bar,'E.i G. Knapp, R. A. Grler, J. A. Clover.
M. ~M. ; Davis,^ George A.'- McGowan. •• George
B. Keanc.W. A. McQultty. George R. , Wells,
J. "Cosgrove.J.D. ; Hannah. "..
: Forty-third Assembly District— T.: D. Rior
dan • W.H. Gallagher. T. K. McCarthy. P.' J.
Has'klns,' J . Charles Sonntag, Jerome Bassity,
Charles KRUffman,' J. B. Rellly, W. W. Sander
eon, »M.' Hermann, J. D. Brown. ... - ¦:;
" Forty-fourth " Assembly :* District : — M. ? W.
Brady, : E.' " 8. '-; Strauss.' . Richard Ryan,- T. H.
* Lindsay,** Mel Vogel.~ Augustus Johnson, ' James
B; Smith' iW;- N. Jackson. Theodore Lunstedt,
¦J.'Shaen.D.^N.' Sullivan.' ' ¦ ¦,.¦:•¦ / : —- ;-¦>{
"• Forty-fifth v Assembly District — A. .Ruef,
Louis iStrohl, K. ,M/ Buckley,' Jules Berges, J.
H Xclson; ¦ Frank k Marlnl. J A : . J.-> Gllbart.
i Charles -H. : Sommcrlad, L. V A:! Rea, • M. ' Bush
way,;A.-J.'Viner. - V., .,
¦» Committee on rules and by laws for county
ooiftmlttee —¦ Twenty-eighth District, '-."WttUer
Macaulay;: : '' r Twenty - ninth •*.-. District, . ¦ Leon
Samuele;. Thirtieth District;. P. H. = Pendergas:!
Thlrty-flrst ¦ district. J.'Lucey; ..Thirty-second
District, J.' F.' Kelly,' chairman: t Thlrty-ihird
District ' L * "A .' Taylor; IThlrty-fourth District.
'A "i v Merrill: -Thirty-fifth -.District, J.D.
rDalyj ; Thirty-»Ixth District, C. ,H.- ; J. , Truman;
Thirty-seventh .: District.'^ John ; Green; ffhirty
' eighth : District; Max f, Goldbersr; i Thlrly-uinth
District,'-.- Ed." Beeler; ; Fortieth -i District,^J.
r Henderson- -Forty-first ': District, : Louis fI!«Jy;
.Forty-second C District,; E.~ G. r Knaoo;^ Forty
third' District. ;W. ; H. ' Galla«h»r- Forty -fourth
District; Thomas 'H. Lindsay; .Fort^-flfth .Dis-
v ri committee otf'nilW " for dUtrict organisations
— TWrty-seventh District, ;; R. =- W. Dennis,
• chairman ; . Forty-first District. r H.% J. Pera^il ;
Forty-third • District, ' P.^ J. - Haskins ; Forty-fifth
DlBtrictK Louis > Strohl : : Thirty-fourth Dtstrict.-
Fred ! Severance;.-^ .- . ..;-'_-¦:. -:; "-.../ ¦ . - ¦ . _; : ¦ :
i The chairman of -the Republican
County Committee, Thomas D. Riordan,
has- appointed committees in accord
ance with . resolutions adopted 'by that
body., . V. . ,¦¦ - . ; ;
The district committees will arrange
for meetings 'for nominating delegates^
to the State convention, as the" names
are to 'be filed by Tuesday next. Fol
lowing; Is. the list: , • , r ;
Republican ; Assembly district . com
mittees,\ eleven members for each-As
sembly district,, as per, resolution , of
April 18, 1904: ' ; 4 ' ' "
Twenty-eighth Assembly District — Walter,
Ijirsen, Walter Macaulay,, Peter 1 J. ; Kelly. JS.
\V. Haughcy , M.:M. , Miller. William J.: Har
rington George Cooney." John 'A. Barr/ J. J.
Donahue,,O.W.Merrlt«,-F.,J. Hopper.; •, ;.
-Twenty-ninth Assembly District— Leon Sam
uels J F. Collins,. D.-'J. Crane," R;: Cox. J.F.
Kingston.* James ¦; McQueeney. .¦ George • Alpers.
J. :B.^McNamnra, 'William Koehler," John, B.-
Elliott Ed. Havens. " _
"Thirtieth Assembly -District— J.' Roach, ; P.
H - Pendergast, " r*ranei8.McNamara, J. P.,
Lawlor .U J. Flood,; T. J. .Sullivan. ; I.? Krb,
FJ E. Wallace, Joseph Bertram; • Frank. Daunet, ¦
' Thirty-first f Assembly- District— J.>a: Hoey,
J" Lucy D. Nichols,' William Symon,- T. C.
Duff - J.', F.'Ahern,: George I. 1 . >RaycheBter,:'J.
J.'.Ousack,- C.y' M. ..' Erlckson, . Tom- Sullivan,.
Frank La wlor.': ..¦¦:<¦-«¦"*; ' - . - -. .^. . -
-*¦ Tblrty-secondAssembly DUtrlct— G." W:.Pen
nlrKton, James L Cull, J. F. Kelly.
John Heilman/ Hallle ¦ Davidson. I Fred. N. Ber.t.
John J. - Ilennessy. B. LagMive.- Pat v. Mahony,'
¦ Thirty-third Assembly District— J. ' J." : Feho,'
James J. Ryan, ' L. AV Taylor. J.. J./Callaruin.
Joseph McTlgue.' : C.-'.'P. Daley,". Peter Menjou,
Fred Melncke,". Johj> 'Rogers, , William;O'Con
nor W;. H.'» Cole, "j." - ¦ ' " '.</- -.*¦•':-.'» !" r --- • , _'- - |
¦' Thirty-fourth -Assembly District — J.^ J.: Hore,
¦A ¦" : Duffee » Fred « Severance, *. P. J. . Cray.-, A. '* H.-
Merrill .'K. : I.'- Walsh, » Joseph Tulte. 'Fred Kl
liotf. E. M. Bitter, Fred Ritchie/. W.' J.' Guil-
Thirty-flith '. Assembly - District— John • D.
Daly - W • A. ' Brown;' C. - McClellan,' J.- 8. A Part
ridge R."- 1* '* Hathorn. f P. G. i- Hu«key. y E. 1 . F.
Treadwell •¦ ' E. ,"J.; Lynch,-- Joseph -Windrow/' E.
R 'Pease,' J. -W.: K.in*.V" ¦ '. y : '*¦. '¦ l \-"- ,\
.- 'Thirty-sixth 1 ! Assembly IMstrict — M.: V.-.T*y
ior'/^H: - W. -- Fraser./ J. r ,H. W. Muller.« K.
Pfieffle C." H.*J.< Truman; H..N. 1 Beatty. - F.
W Charles' Mayers, ',C.'W;i Baker,
H.'"J^Alexander. ¦ F.,M.' Stevens. '-¦; ¦,,¦ ; \
- Thirty-s«venth * Assembly •> District— W. , J.
Young John Green, tJ." R. McGuf Hck,* F. Boeck
. '-;R.V;W. r j Inan Sol: Bloom.*' J. / J.
Groom -¦• Morris , Levy, ,> George ;; H.\ S. *. Drjden.
C B 'Perkins. J.iW.* Rogers. ¦•. ' - ;
'\-*Thirty-«l*hth r Assembly^ District— C." C." Mor
ris Frank ¦< Grimes," : Jesse ' Mayer.'? Max Gol J
htrB -'-, Myrtlle • Cerf,!;-' Isidore - Golden,*;;" Henry.
Abrahm. A . - M. Cnrrie, S. , H. ' Beckett, \ D. >W.
Burchart.'J.-H. Stephen. *. :.;>.:. . : i ':¦-.- a _ :
• Thirty-ninth TAwembly. District— J.- A. ; Ruth
erford *¦¦ Edward ' Beelerr- T." K. 'Atkinson; ¦ J. i B.
"Whltr'ey ¦ Joseph ; F. -; Pohelm," J.'.T. -. Williams,
•j^R.-McElroy.-.R."H. Countryman,* J. B. Sykes,
William Marls. ,* Joseph Rebstock; o , / •;, ¦ --.--!
' ••• Fortieth 5 A ssembly i; District — - Henry *• Ach,
Charles Barllnr, J:. Henderson, • 8.' Felgenbaum,
' George : McGinn. ' M.'.' U. j Asher.T A. H. ' Powers,
R.f j.-i Garrity.^T.- P.SWoodward,' L Gus Hartman,
Mannle Cohn.-- 1 ''«*¦ ».-'— ¦'-« ' ¦'. • .'- '¦' ¦'¦•'.,- - "
, Forty-first vAssembly.Distrlct— H/ O. Beatty.
H.» J.'"Peraz»l.--'M. - -Josephson.iR.', N.' 'Frlck,
Extensive -List Is Published
; by ; the ; Gliairman : \ of
the Bepublican Committee
Prison Opens to Youth Who
Posed I as J. Ogden Goelet
While WooingYoimg Lady
5
AS ESTERESTING STX)Rr.
Tlie . grants of San Francisco,
by tliose who want — on Interest-
In % story tnld In the classified
columns of next SUXDAVS
CAJLL. ' It trill pay yoa to fol-
low this story frpm week to
weclt.
¦¦¦ TTTB ' | : - THF gMPQartTM | THE EMPOaXDU. . ' ¦ "\ , | \ THE "KWPOSnJlC _
: Very Special Values V^^ * U(?^ _ r Lisle Mesh Gloves, 35O
I Women's $3.5O Shoes + >3!!§^^^r^>^/^////^ ,600.pairsof these stylish and seasons
: Ncvr' Spring ityle. in women's 'fbotwear m tC^Lyi iMUW.i^fgij^, able 2-clasp lisle mesh gloves, in the new
; are ready —dozens of fashionable shapes in swell . ' , J_J»«" shades of modes, grays and also fast blacks;
' .leather*, that willVplcase ladies who have been. "•^^^^^^"^^MEBlCA'S GRANDEST STORE all sizes from 5>^ to 6>^, with either solid
I in the habit ;of, paying; $5.00 »rpair, for their. No other store in California affords its patrons .such . t fjsle palm or inthe all mesh, as preferred;-
'< shoes ¦ Pretty Lace Oxford* a iMten^ kid ; ample 'Protection as does the Emporium. -With the, ex- ; ¦ ¦ ¦.-..-"..; , ,// ,
1VI 1 KrXlmv f " w L* *t :P "cu •• \ ceptionof some few articles that we cannot take back for the clasps to match the shade of the gloves.
. ; with light flexibI e^.oIes;.Blacher Lace^Shoes of s^ nitar y reasons you may return, in asgood condition as < O n sale in G»OVe Department— 4%B^
I F ,tentcaltj;thWkMto>,nd^ jj "reZindJt ii any article purchased here arid get your Si?r 35C
\ 1^ others.i J money oac k without question: :.-- v .: /:. 0 JT rotunaa pair .*~W*~ ¦
\ : Cal/i Khfl fl#^»JBiB A Thousand Pairs .?**?.
[ Children's *f » 5 < lS7™. Men ' s Trousers $1.95 H™**
\ "%£ Waists Begins This ffi^f&m* |«^- P §KT
[ "" --'^f^-v; - ' -''¦¦i^SL :: ' and Saturday Only } tW.. |ft SUO U Jt
CoJKo^oS -WR M ° rnm * f^Pr'«^d«ei, the cost \ \ ' *£££?££
[ wide and narrow £ffi T *W*§ 5© 5/5 «f faking.^ Our b^ sale of / .jl ; , , paper «d Jrelope.
> ribbed -the wide W*2\ -M '• . u J mm Men's Suits has brought us many / : fi , H^ 1Und
: ribbed hose extra f^ *&*&£ * Values offers from manufacturers who [r^ ; M'« : | Uw FrcQch
¦ #;^^j :^SJ-&\-' .^1 L— have surplus; stocks that, they • ] de, *d«t fiaii, ;*.,
! hesl 'and sole;, the ntr- i^ ?fot - c '-^\\ I I V -^V-* -A | S3 75 Want to turn 'into Cash. We'Cannot SV;:: : ;:.:^ : ; ;;: ill lwdisjc coiort; reya-
row ribbed itockbgr fine '-flXfL^jQ Rv^J I ? ••*^i :^c«A ' •¦¦*&***.* *" use the maker's name^because these 1-^1 i'::^ Iarl r I 1 - 0 © *««* *«-*s
.^.lityiik-fimsSedMaco jP^T^VE^ : -lllS^i^x same identicalstyles and .qualities are" i^i ; ;:n p" f rt " «»»; f^t
cotton: eithrr itv.e worth :(oCxV x — -r K^tm ¦'¦n\- m^Mh '¦! ¦ M r *** am ¦¦ ar if • ¦ it." c ' cr • j. , "3 ••¦:?.:: : - and Saturdjy ' v _ -^
[ a S eap«i .U .Wfrom ip^tttAm AV\f| >>^J \ &/E. 75 St]knZ '" ° ther San FranC1SC0 storeS at I.--- ¦-¦ ...... 5OC
5." 9^5 to- # - [*$yf£~*%K 'fpfiflQ^tJj *** the full prices. :. ... ife^M VX «am no^et.)!
; diyind Saturday IfC 1 ¥V? ifOKi-. \f jpwmfflk The looo pairs cover a broad range of -^Sr— Envdopei to match, hox
j .'"'".'¦*¦'," W^sii^^lfe-I SS 7S 8t y les — llJ 8 ood on«— such as the popular hairline and ofi; 5 . . ... . BOc
\ -Sale'"' i ' jMW' ¦ *P" m * ** herringbone weaves and imall checks, in shadei of • gray w ~~ mmmmmm ""¦^~"" 1 "
of. : SSc :y • '¦^ " ' '¦ tnd black mixtures^ and steel gray. Air seams are 20%
StOCkS Laces, China Crepes, Crepe de Chine, Taf- •^^••^"^have rimed button, that can't pull QiSGOUttt
. WB1 fJf™^ .• _ . >. •*I-: m J 1 . -'¦¦¦ o »: p'enty of all sizes to- start with, from :o to 50 ««i--ii-"
/4C v *etas,PeaudeCygne f etc. . w.i.tran/iengths up to 35, 3 _ 5 . Of all
\ Another big buy The season's greatest Dress Waist event-Friday If ced in J[ ,J£ ,- \&M • FumHurO
'. of wash applique and Saturday. We have iccured the entire surplus cri to :finuh-ont a half-worn £ f A gS „«»> During
\ stocks— neat op\n stock of one of New York's largest makers at about co»t, don't njiw thii sale at . . V* m * ?**? _ §9€MMM the April
( work tab half-price. Every garment has been made recency Men's $10.00 and $J2.50' Suits. $7-50- About 100 witi reduced Sales
• white embroidered and is dctighed for wear at this season of the year. to this tmall price to make a final clearance; the atsoxtmsnt in-
!• ,'n n'.in .nH Pi.rVi.n Sales of this sort do not happen often, so you can- 545^^S^*^3^?S?''SS^I«€^I di " 8<^ 1^ Q«/a
fc m p.ain ana rcrsian . . '•¦-.,.- - -^\ *„.«;.!,;«« *. \'t A n *. *r% •*¦ ' aIt0 mixtnret and p!aids, in dark ihade» that are the thine for W0fC7
\ colors— reguar 25c not afford to miss this one, furmshing as it does an ex- bus5nef , purpo , ef . P Au ,«« 34 to 44;- to-day j* T Rg% Odd '
I values— secured at a ceptional opportunity, inasmuch as the assortment m- , nd Saturday .............. %& / *+2U M 4 ~
price which enabes p?m^^^$S^^^t^M HaL
\ us to ofFer them to- g .; ;on ' s su? j . Values up to $15.00- for the two dajs, P«rfa:e of fine »u t, at pr.cM which enable « to sell them to you WWBWS
} day/ and Saturday la t, on sa!« tab « in m.in aisle at , ' - . « £ n /^ ma > erl £ "f ¦** Z* ' lin " ° fthC
{ yourpkk^ay«d-Sat^d".^^ ; .'^ff«5ll
f '' ' -"»»•• - o jfUrt cr*% ' ' . black, soft hat« in
i Butter S&IIIOI* Suits $G*5O Sale of Suspenders WfMlMffis'^
i Sale ; The idrntical .ai'or su'ts o.hrrs are asking yjf^S. NOCttWCSr SMd FumlsMntMS Friday and Saturday . .'
'. *2/lr* S"iW »7.'5O»nd SS-SO for. Thry have the nsw /Mgjjw*) • ** $2*O0
\ ., , "* Eton coi:ars and somcoftheina'ic nude in the Particular men will find the widest varieties and the B-ok;n linss of the
y 1 o-day and bat- nevv double blasted styles. F nest serges in /H^Ti 1 lowest-priced good-quality furnishings in our bi» de- Wexford itirF hatf;
i urday the very best ™y> 'Tl*-" *^* * ! *\ rZ^^ '^SK partment. main floor, near the entrance. Among" the "»*'" »>rown; regu-
r Creamerv Butteri- suits and thry are all the go just now. Very r^ • ... ---,,., * - , p., JC , 6 lanr |a.oo; Friday and
f SarIL squares, »ow priced at'...... $6.5O «tra special vaiuesplanned^or Friday and Saturday arc:' Saturday. .. .^f.^a
C ,_f ' 4% \Jm' ," Youth's Suits $10.00^- Our special |io.oo / / Oood pepcndablt Suspenders - Made of axcel'ent webs, in anort- *
• ¦•."•** Tjf "rG su'ts are cut and made on the same line as the / . //jY^\ msnt of colors and pattern? and handsome buckles and _ S&IC
} ' m L m^ m^,^ mmmmmm^ m^^ .mtn'i fine su'ti. They have^ Abroad shoulders L"^fl- '^'{^ good leather ones; worth double the wle price, pair .. ' 19C '-#•
** _ „ and narro* cot; fitting -collvf, with either \.^-|SS, 3>i^P r j m •, "« r • l j i - t-'t. . GStntffii
I LiUUOr baggy or small leg rrouitts as .your young man" Oood Neckwear 35c-FoTir-in-h.ndi, tecH etc., m Lght. aad J»-,«fc«# €e
QnfLlafjt prrfeL AtthifrriceyouLve'isofthe \ I dark colorng, good pattern,, tiar would be cheap at BaSHCtS
i ,Pr G J£v verf newest style, of mixture, to i*ct from; / 1 // / 35^5 to-day and Saturday, each . ..... M9G Friday and Sal-
( J. r. Cutter s wmsKy a i so . b' U e terges and ch-viots. Small or H, //// fl Men's Golf Shirts— New designs in light and medium shades of j •> g j z . s o{
f — Bottle . . . -7OO s i en( i er men can' be fitted at a saving ti/W imported Madras cloth, separate cuffs, each . . .91.00 *f -Z^d. rlmrr,^
t ZlnfandelorSiuterne in thcsc >ukf . . . . £ «g* g+ft MM Imported Half Hose- Lisle thread in fancy weave., dark Oxford ™ g en « lns Gamma
U oowine" V 62o 91^'^^ if U^*™^«^™i™*1*O,^^ 26o basket, from For-
f Geneva Gin — Red Others as low as $5.00 and up to f I Men's Night Robei-Good substantial ; muslin or flannelette, full mosa J J ost the thln g
i Cross, «tra large bottle $2O'-OO. ." - Kj .- , //I ; cut; extra well ma'de^aU' sizes . . . . ". . . . . , . . . BOO ™ T 1°°?" °L Ao PP»t;
} 83O 1 Russian Suits-Size3 2>ita 6 years at Ul Men's Underwesr— Natural Merino, ribbed B.lbriggan or lancy
i Monogram Rye or $2. SO, $3*60, SB.OO \y colored ribbed, garment ..." ...... BOO *> e Kte ' ' ¦' '
I Hermitaee Bourbon— Suits for Large Boys— S «s 8 to 1 6 years : . . : . .,f i( _. -. ' . ' / i 30c me . ... . 22 O
\ %\ <coqual.*ralS2.70 Two pieces -^j?,45, $3.95, $BmOO ** This department ts in the third section, at right of 40c size . . . ,29c
f Celery Phosphate—' ' " -Three fitcu-r- S2mBS, $3mB5 9 $B,OO main entrance. .You do not have to pass through any 50c site . . . . 38o
? Qts^ 55o,?» 290 /Norfolk. Juits at) S2.95, $3.95, S4&0, S6.OO of the ladies', departments to reach it. . ¦':;.:, 6oc tire .49c
I Sale Women's] Petticoats 95c Special Sale Undermuslins
•' To-day and Saturday- -Extra good quality mercerized Italian cloth You -stilf have to-day and to-morrow to buy—
[ • petticoats; fancy black^ and white ystripes, made with, deep § \ '. W. \ \ \ 9t2gVj&g&
' COrdlOn' pleated flounce, -Van Dyke, effect, trimmed With rose Women's 50c Drawers^ -Good grade soft-finished musJin, for . . .39O
" ... , ', n '.'¦ „ *l; o i' ,,,|., o ,1. i*| o- _ ,.--,; Women's $1.50 Drawers— Fine cambric, umbrella style, now . ........ . 88o
[ ruching:andunderflounce;;avery.special value at $1.2:>-a very . womtn's. $1.75 Chemise-Skirt length, lace trimmed . . $U18
\ ' handsome skirt indeed at the sale price. •• . . • •_• • •'' B5O Women's $1.50 Short Petticoats-Lawn flouncr, laceuimming .. . .-'.*. . . . Q8c
ADVBBTISEMENTS. . -" ,
Substantial values .
in dining tables.
Their worth}'- construction readily appeals
to the buyer who considers » quality as .impor- ,.
tant as price. Both round and square designs :
• in weathered oak, golden oak and -mahogany.
In the picture ; above is shown a- six-foot *¦; ped-
estal, table which we have in weathered oak
and golden , oak at $30.60. \ Eight : foot ¦ length *
- at $35.00. Top measures' 45 inches \ in diam- ;
eter when closed.; \ - .
(Formerly: the: California^ Furniture) ,Coi)^>
261-to 281 Geary- Street, at Unions Square
/yjY J^^^' JP*^~^^^&!^k3w!&L *^* Famous Artists* American Glrla' Faces ym
fff||| GIBSO~N PLATES I
*. "• *^? ' yVlffJ/Ri ' BEAUTTFUlr— ARTISTIC— WITH HEART M
vM^V '•¦• y^JfjJKM, BORDER IN BLUE— 12 SUBJECTS U
¦* M : " '_ ;'" i ; '^"wB'iJWO"»tACB OK SALE :'¦ \
N French ChinaVBerry-andj Ice %.Cream Sets. " A' Large'As- M
Kl sortment ; of Gas and'^Electric 'Light" Globes. , ;M
8EE OUB BUSH-STErET WIHUOWB. T- MPROMINENT CITIZENS WHO AT
j TENDED THE "BOOSTER" RAL
LY IN ALAMEDA LAST NIGHT.
OAKLAND, April 2 L—Arthur, Kirk
ham Blair,* 24 years old, a son of Mary
Lellah. Kirkham ".'Yarde^Buller, 'died
yefftierday at»Los -Gatoi.- ; had been
In- Ill-health for some time. ,""«- t-
Arthur Blair Dead.
' BERKELEY, April ' 2 l.'-^Roy .; Hack
ley, a -Junior ¦ and winner "ot. the .two
mile run in the' intercollegiate games'at
Stanford .Uhiverfilty.t last week",' Vwaa
elect&d < captain; of ithe \ ot
California track'teanvtoVnight in place
of Monte Cooley, 1 term expired. 1 ; - '..'•
Track Team ; Elects > Captain.
SAXTA CRUZ. April 21.— Allen M.
Peterson, a pioneer , harness dealer,
filed here to-day. He was a, native of
Idaine and leaves a wife and three cbilr
dren, Mrs. Belle Blake of San - Francis
co and 'Fred A. and . Harry, M. Peter
pen oi Santa Cruz. - * K.-/? r *;-
I'loiiecr Harness Dealer Die.*.
; 1 OAKLAND, April 1 2 l.-^-Mrs;j George
A. Stearns ; of. Eureka) Cal./ has : asked
Coroner^ Mehrmarin for : . information
concerning an ''Unidentified / mahi^; ; *wfio^
was'Cf found «¦ dead^:.inV a '• vacant , lot - in
Berkeley >;in"^' January.' :" Mrs.' ;. Steams
thinks the person might have : been' her (
mlssihlff. husband "v'x r '.".Zyl : -0 ."••;'
Searches'? f or ; . Missing ' Spouse.
OAKLAND, April 21.— Thomas Bell,
a " railroad ; switchman, -was arrested
this morning ;on ; : a chafgeVof stealing
a^well "filled ; liinch^ pail i at the uWest
Oakland railroad yards. ;.;Bell claimed,
he ¦ took the food ; because he was ¦hun
gry. He will be given a chance: in' the
Police; Court to-morrow, morning- to
*ell his story. . \
HunRer Causes Theft.
. OAKLAND, April' '2 1/—The follow
ing marriage licenses -were issued by
the County Clerk' to-day: Philip T.
Clay,., over 21, and Mary E. Barry,
over 18, "both of Oakland; Robert S.
Harris, 27, and Eva D. Hlggin*. 2i;
both. of Oakland; William Winson, 23,
Oakland, and Laura' Schofield, 20, Pa
cific Grove. : /
Slarrlage Licenses.
' >. BERKELEY, April ¦ 2 1.7-The Berke
ley Real Estate Association met in an
nual "session"- Tuesday night ; aiid after^
receiving', the'^ reports ir of .its -officers
elected I the ; following;; new .; officers ; for
the ; comirig'jyear : .^ President, 'Francis
Ferrier ; j,vice president, W. : C. Morah;
secretary, ;. Robert Baird; . treasurer,'; M.
P.'.vW- ?Albee; executive committee— 7-
W. P. Woolsey* 1 W. J. Mortimer and R.
A." BerryJ * . ¦' ; .- ' • _ '
Real Estate • Men Elect Officers.
JsUite Executive lilnttiutiastically Wel
comed by the Citizens Preparing
far .the Jubilee.
MODESTO. April 21.-k>overnor Par:
dee arrived in Modesto this to
attend the iubilee.- The " town .-. vrux
beautifully illuminated -by electric"
lights to-nlgnL The Third Artllle'ry
band arrived this evening, to. furnish
music for the occasion.: "Modesto* seems
full of life and is fast filling up with
visitors! . ¦
GO\T2nXOn A GUEST '¦}'¦-¦
AT JOYOUS MODESTO
OAKLAND. April 21.— W. P. Fuller
& Co.,. paint and oil dealers on Twelfth
street, near Broadway, lost a barrel of
linseed oil and ,600 pounds of white
lead this afternoon. They delivered
the wares on a telephone order to "W.
O'Neil, 1125 Santa Fe avenue." A boy
signed the receipt as "A.*B. Cratza."
Shortly afterward, the firm becoming
suspicious, found that their goods had
been hauled away, soon after delivery
and all trace of them has been lost.
The police were notified. ,- ¦*
Swindler Makes a Haul.
WANTS STOCK IX; BANK'S NAME.— Th»
Farmers\ and Merchants' Bank of HolHstet
yesterday *«cwed. on affidavit of C. H. 'Wajr
ner. its cashier, an. alternative. writ of man
date compellinc the Holllster Storage Companj
to lsau« - to the\ bank a ' certificate for tw«
shams of *tock in the storage concern, whlcr
the bank claims under, an assignment mad*
br G. V. \j-ese and H. W.. Nrvbauar. Th«
writ was Issued by Judge Kerrigan and mad*
returnable before . Judge Hebbard May 6.
¦ The local . building \ .Trades .Council
last night' discussed the* approaching
bond election and /adopted • resolutions
indorsing the school bonds; ' ' . '
OAKLAND, April 21.— The threat
ened strike of machinists -on the
Southern Pacific system ' has been
averted and the committee of the union
has come to an agreement with Jtilius
Kruttschnitt The terms of the agree
ment provide =for the recognition of
the Machinists' Union and concessions
were made on both sides. = The men
are satisfied and there Is ho doubt-the
agreement will.be ratified.
Industrial Lodge No. 6 10, Interna
tional Association of , Machinists,' gave
a ball 1 last night in ; Reed Hall.; The
affair was in charge of the following
committees: <. . .,'7 -:;
Arrangements — A. M.'- Duff. Q.. H. Goodwin,
H. , W. Connors, : H.\ P. Campbell and • J. J.
Dlgn»n. Reception — L. T. . Stevengbn; W.' W.
Whttmore, J. Dalton, T. C. Martin, j: W.
Flynn, ,H. H. HaJgrht. F. ; M. Kskridge, M. W.
Jjirson and P. S. Gillette. -Floor manager, 'A
M.\ Duff. - Floor committee — G. H. Goodwin
I.,. H. Sterling. T. Hndech. J. 8. Blven, 1 ; T.
Fredas. H..W. Connors,' G. Adams, O.J Iiub
bock, E. P. Mellus; Door committee — N v Vet
ter * and J. L. ¦ Barnes./ 1 %-!^K^HSSS!feS^^8S
Building Trades Council or Oakland
Indorses the Proposed : Issno of
School Bonds. •
There are still thirty-one park im
provement . bonds . remaining unpaid
and City Treasurer McDougald is de
sirous "of redeeming them in order to
wipe, out the "city's obligation on his
books. „ A man has made application
for the bonds after they have been re
deemed, ¦ saying he desires to paper a
room with the documents. It is hard
ly likely that his application will be
granted.;
Park Bonds Unredeemed.
MACHINISTS OF SOUTHERN
PACIFIC WILL NOT STRIKE
l>emocra,ts in Fresno Gather and .Make
a Ilival Ticket.
FRESNO, April 21. — A large crowd
of old-time and enthusiastic - Demo
crats of Fresno met this evening and
selected a ticket to put In the field for
the primary election in opposition to
the ticket now in the field in behalf
of .Hearst.
Among the prominent Democrats
who are opposed to 1 Hearst are Judge
M. K. Harris, W. D. Foote, Miles
Wallace. W." D. Crichton, General Kit
roll, and, In fact, all the old war
horses of the party. The following
ticket was chosen: Sixtieth District,
E. D. Edwards. W. G. Barnuni, Jerry
Hyan and Charles McArdle; Sixty-first
District, M. K. Harris. W. H. McKen
zie. A. C. Williams and W. D. Crich
ton. .
The session was a lengthy one and
many enthusiastic speeches were
made. \fic.: ?
OPPOSITION TO HEARST.
A musical programme has been pre
pared . under the direction of Profes
sor-James Pollitt, in which the fol
lowing will take -part: W. J. Oakes,
C. L. Trow, G. A. Hall, W. H. Ramsey
and Robert Howden.
OAKLAND. April 21. — Albion
Lodge, Sons of St. George, of this city
will give a banquet at Piedmont
Springs on Saturday, April 23, in hon
or of SL .George's day. Dr. G.
Chappel will act as toastmaster and
among the speakers will be Mayor
Olney, D. Edward Collins. Rev. Ed
gar F. Gee, A. J. Wilson, J. Lancaster
and Austin Lewis.
Albion Lodge Will dive ' Banquet Sat
\ urday Evening; at Piedmont
' Springs.
WILL CELEBRATE '
tj£M ST. GEORGE'S DAY,
Henry Peterson was , arraigned in
Judge Cook's court yesterday on
charges of assault to murder and bur
glary and the cases wefe continued
till to-day for him. to plead, this
against the objection of his attorney.
Further argument was heard: on the
application for a' writ of habeas corpus
to release Alphonse Peterson, held on
three charges of grand larceny, on the
ground that he had been deprived # of
his constitutional right to be arraigned
Immediately. The Judge, will render
his decision to-day. Alphonse had
( been substituted for Henry through a
mistake, when Henry should have
been arraigned two weeks ago.
Unraveling Peterson Tangle.
OAKLAND, April 21. — James Nea
lon, ex- Assessor of San Francisco, paid
taxes on his race horses at the Emery
ville track to-day. Some time ago he
was at the head of a movement in
v.hich it was attempted to show that
the horses could; not be assessed in
Alameda County- Seizure of the ani
mals wag threatened and Nealon set
lied his account.
Xcalon Pays Taxes.
HAYWAUDS, April 21.— The grand
officers of the Independent Order of
Odd Fellows will attend the meeting of
the Alameda County : lodges, which will
be held "at Haywards on • Saturday,
April 23, under the management of
Sycamore Lodge. The various com
mittees of the lodge are now hard at
work preparing for the event. >'
The arrangements are in charge of
S. Madsen, P. G. of Sycamore Lodge,
who is assisted by several committees.
It is expected that more than a thou
sand members of the- order, will at
tend the meeting. Among them will
be the uniformed cantons of Oakland
and San Francisco.'. The ' address of
welcome Avill be delivered by P. J.
Crosby,, -and S. Madsen will act as
grand tjnarshal of the parade.
Convention of the Lodges of
Alameda County.
Grand Officers Will • Attend Monster
\ Many . persons have signified their
intention to join the California Pro
motion ; . Committee's excursions to
Modesto April 22 and 23. Among
those who Will be on the excursionVof
April 22. leaving San Francisco at 3:30
o'clock, are the following: Benjamin
Ide Wheeler, Maurice Block, -R. P.
Toplltz, David Sachs, G. P. White, Mr.
and Mrs. Peacock of Mayfield, J. W.
Kerr, Charles D. Steiger, Thomas S.
Williams, George Uhl Jr., Mrs. Gerald
ine Frisbie, H.-C. Meyers, S. C. Schee-
Hne, Mr. and Mrs. Xathan, Emile
Rlese, Ned Galland, S. W. Ehrman, M.
P. Kohlberg, Warren Gregory, E. G.
Deniston, Leo Alexander and Paul
Bancroft.
Delegation for Modesto.
ODD FELLOWS WILL
3IEET AT IIAYWARDS
Prior to the ; formation of- the tem
porary county organization speeches
were made by Major ! C. 'L. Tllden of
the West End Association;; H:C. Cap
well, president of the Oakland , Board
of Trade"; Secretary; E. : " M. .-teams of
the Oakland Board ":'. of . Trade ; Mr.
O'Toole of the Elmhurst Improvement
Club; A. G. Leydecker of Fruitvale;
J. A. George of the; California State
Promotion Committee; 'Hugh Hogan of
the Oa!:land Board of Trade; President
Jl ;. F. ; Forderer ' of ¦ the* Alameda City
Trustees;" Councilman ; A. ; H. Elliott of
Oakland; Wilbur Walker, < secretary^ qt
the Merchants' ; Exchange of ¦ Oakland ;
Dr. C. L. Tisdale -and ;E^R. Anthony^
of the Alameda Advancement Associa
tion;. M. 'J.-Barriett of "the Piedmont
Improvement Club^ Senator G.R.; Liu-"
kens of I Oakland, and * School Superin
tendent Fred T. Moore of • Alameda. '
All of the speakers 'dwelt with 'em
phasis :upontthe beneficial (results; that
would accrue to all the cities and towns
in 1 the; county and Ho the county itself
if there I was ; harmony * arid > a ? unity , of
object among the publlcpromotiori-bod
ies. "This end they ; believed could, .be
easilyVnd quickly attained through the
formation of .a' general 'county orgarif
izatlon.' " '•: ' ¦--¦"• ;: ; , ; ;-: : >\. '¦ ' '.¦¦ ' ¦'¦¦¦¦
"Nature has done much for Alameda
County," said Mr. Smith, "and we
should not be backward in assisting
her to do more. We can .the better do
this by getting together, and now is the
appointed time." * ?
President C. R. Smith of the West
End Improvement Association took the
Initiative in moving that action be
taken for the purpose of forming a
great promotion society to advance the
interests of Alameda County. .He said
that the time was at hand, when this
should be done, and his views were sec
onded by George ; Renner, second vice
president of the West End Improve
ment Association. | ... ' ' '
ALAMEDA, April 21.— Preliminary
steps toward the formation of, a pro
motion organization, in" which 'all the
improvement clubs, advancement asso
ciations and other public spirited bod
ies in the cities and towns throughout
Alameda County are to be represented,
were taken at a big general rally of
"Boosters" from Oakland, Berkeley,
Fruitvale, Elmhurst and San Leandro
held to-night in the West End Wig
wam under the direction of the West
End Improvement Association.
Temporary organization was effected
by the election of H. C. Capwell. head
of the Oakland Board of Trade, to be
chairman, and Edwin M. Stearns of the
same body to be secretary. .It was de
cided toehold a meeting for the pur
pose, . of perfecting a \ permanent . or
ganization at the rooms of the Oakland
Board of Trade on a date to' be chosen
by Temporary Chairman Capwell. In
vitations will be extended to every pub
lic promotion body in -the county, to
send a representative.
Dennett has been in Oakland about
ten days, but Is unable to give a con
nected statement of his movement's or
how he came to be here. He says that
his son George is about to open a res
taurant in Los Angeles and that he is
to help him. He says that he. made
about $1,000,000 out of the restaurant
business, but. has lost it all and that,
it is believed, has turned his head.
Dennett lost a large fortune in en
terprises of various kinds, after accu
mulating a competency out of the res
taurant business. Debts finally over
whelmed Dennett and he made a vol
untary ' petition in bankruptcy about
two years ago, his . liabilities running
into $200,000. His effort to start a "Den
nett" restaurant in Oakland shortly af
terward failed .because of antagonisms
with labor unions. ; In Philadelphia and
New York the Dennett restaurants had
quite a vogue. He was the pioneer in
this class of eating-houses on the Paci
fic Coast/ • : :,--\ '--'':
Alfred W. Dennett, of restaurant
fame and known all over the United
States as the founder of Dennett's tem
perance restaurants, is locked up in
the detention ward of the Receiving
Hospital upon a charge of insanity.
With a pillowcase on his head he was
found wandering -aimlessly about the
Piedmont hills by Special Policeman
Hitchcock and taken to the city prison,
where be engaged in a fight with pris
oners. His examination will take place
before Judge Ellsworth at 12 o'clock
to-morrow.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 21.
,: ;' Everett School — Song, ."America, 1 /, ¦ school;
remarks ' by "member of -.the "Adelphian • Club;
song, "Legend of the' Fir Tree,"_ school; plant-
Ing the tree; ; remarks by, the principal; song,
"Star-Spangled .Banner^ school.-..
4 Halght ¦ School — Song, "Arbor Day," school;
history of, Arbor day. Spencer Brush; remarks
by member of the Adelphian Club; song, - "My
Own United: States," fechool; recitation, Ruth
Huff; address. Rev. P. - C." Fletcher; song
"America," ' school. ¦ .
' " Longfellow . School— Song, "My Own United
States," Seventh and Eighth grades;- tree
plentinsr by i members of the Eighth -Grade; re
marks by member -"of <". the- Adelphian Club?
-"Arbor Day". sontr,' school; address. Rev. W. R.
Guthne; song," "America," school. •-•-. ¦
llal<?ht School— Song. ."Arbor Da y," school ;
remarks by member of the. Adelphian Club;
tong,«'"My Own United States,"- grammar
grades; add,rejs,l Senator. Joseph R. Knowland;
song, "America. V- school; ;. closing . remarks,
Duncan MacKinnon. ¦•. ; , ¦ ¦¦"¦,, . - ;•, "
• Mastlck School— Song. ": selected. •„' school; •• re
mnrks by, member of the Adelphian Club; songr,
"My Own" United- States,'.' school; 'address,
iHsrold •' WV- Fairbanks; /- song, ."Arbor Day
March," school; planting tree, committee Xrom
: school;* song. •"America,"., school; >
¦¦• Porter School— Assembling of classes; song.
.''Arbor : Day,"- school; presentation of tree ¦ by
ladles of the Adelphian Club; planting of tree
by members of the A. sixth grade; song, ."My
Own United States," grammar grades; address.
Rev." L. Potter Hitchcock; song, "America,"
school. • ' -¦'.-.-• ¦ ¦ • . . •-. ¦•
High ¦ School— Arbor day song • (air. • "Mary
land. My 'Maryland"), the high school stu
dents; .remarks, Frank Otis, president Board of
Education; spring: song (air, "B<HleUa"), the
high school students;' song, : "My -Own United
States." high iichool students; address. ¦ John
P. Irish; students' song, "It Was the Team,"
high school -students; response on behalf of
the school. Frank O'Brien,: president Associated
Students; response, civic section. Mrs. P. S.
Teller; spring song (air, "Auld Lang Syne"),
high ¦ school t students.-
.. ALAMEDA, April 21.— Arbor day
exercises will commence at the five
grammar schools to-morrow afternoon
at 1 o'clock and at the|?A.lameda High
School at 2 o'clock^ Colonel John P.
Irish will deliver the oration at the
latter institution and it was for the
purpose of permitting those who de
sired to be present at some of the
grammar school ceremonies to. hear
Colonel Irish that opening of the pro
gramme at the Alameda High School
was'set for the later hour.
Features of the celebrations at the
various schools will be the floral pa
rades of pupils in honor of the spring
season. Ladies, from the Adelphian
Club will represent that organization
at all of the schools and will deliver
brief, talks appropriate to the occa
sion. - -Among; the speakers will be
Mrs. I. N. Chapman, Mrs. P. S. Teller,
Mrs.^H. A. Hebard, Mrs. A. J. Sam
uel, Mrs.. George W- Emmons, Mrs. M.
P. McGurn, Mrs. I. H. Ehrehberg, Mrs.
H. L. Eastman, Mrs. Waldo Park
hurst. :
Following are the programmes to be
rendered at. the several schools:
AH the Public Schools Plan
to Take Part in the Arbor
Celebration in Isle City
Famous Bestaurant Man Is
Found Wandering About
With Pillowcase Over Head
Miss Sadie Snell and D. K. Adams
Surprise College Friends by In
teresting Announcement.
BERKELEY, April 21.— Miss Sadie.
Snell and I >. 12. Adams slipped away
from the college town one day four
months ago and -were married in Oak
land. Nobody knew anything about
it, not even the bride's parents, until
to-day, when the news got out through
a slip of the tongue of the bride her
self. After the ceremony Mrs. Ad
ams resumed her studies as a sopho
more in the University of California
and her husband went back to' his
duties at hi* ranch near Woodland, in
tending to say nothing about' the wed
ding until the bride had finished r her
college career. All these plans have
gone glimmering by the revelation of
the secret and Mrs. Adams is prepar
ing to take up her residence with her
husband at Woodland. Mr. Adams is
a brother of William W. Adams, cap
tain of the varsity baseball team.
MARUY. AND THEN KEEP
; THE SKCRET FOR MONTHS
PERSONAL.
Mrs. William K. Vanderbllt Jr. and
maid arrived from the East last even
ing and is staying at the St. Francis.
Her husband accompanied her part of
the way and is expected to Join; her
here in a few days. Her presence here
is for the purpose of sij^rilng' certain
papers in connection with the distri
bution of the Fair estate.
A number of the passenger traffic
men of the various transcontinental
railroads, who have been holding a
conference at Santa . Barbara, arrived
here yesterday, i Among- the more
prominent of the arrivals H. C.
Townsend, general passenger- agent of
the Missouri Pacific and Iron Moun
tain road; G. F. Nicholson, passenger
traffic manager of the Santa Fe; T.
Jk. Anderson, general passenger agent
of the Southern Pacific Company's At
lantic system of Houston, and J.
Francis, general passenger agent of
the Burlington route" of * Omaha.
Nicholson, Anderson and Francis are
staying at ihe St.' Francis. '
F. A. Sayles, son of. the well-known
manufacturer and capitalist of Paw
tucket, R. I., who, with a \ party of
friends, has been touring through
Southern California, arrived here- yes
terday and registered / at the % St.
Francis.
Dr. Frank Garcelon of Pomona 19
at the Grand.
. E. W. Churchill, a banker of Napa,
is at the Palace.
,. Dr., Elizabeth A- Follansbee of Loa
Angeles is at the Palace.
John H. McNutt, a mining man of
Sonora, is at the Grand.
John D. Works, an attorney of Los
Angeles, is at the St. Francis.
Colonel E. A. Forbes, a well knpwn
lawyer of Marysville, is at the Grand.
Bishop Funsten and wife of Boise
City, Idaho, are staying at' the Occi
dental.
I. • K. Kerr, a capitalist of Eau
Claire. Wis., registered at the Palace
yesterday.
David Keith, a capitalist of Salt
Lake, and the members of his family
arrived at the Palace yesterday.
Joseph Gardner, an Eastern manu
facturer, who is establishing a branch
of his business in Seattle, is at the
Palace. ' ,
A. W. DENNETT
MAY BE INSANE
ALAMEDA WILL
PLANT TREES
OAKLAND, April 21.— 'An organiz
ation known as the Common Good Al
liance of Oakland, the object of which
is to promote among its members a
realization of the duties and respon
sibilities of citizenship, has recently
been organized in Oakland by men
prominent in business and church cir
cles and at the last meeting tempo
rary officers were elected, who will
serve until permanent organization is
effected. These • officers are Irwin
Ayres, president, and J. C. Hill, sec
retary. . . , ,; •
The Common Good Alliance' is com
posed of men of all creeds or no creed
and on Monday evening, May 2, an
adjourned meeting will be held at the
T. M. C. A. building, which all pas
tors of churches in Oakland will be
invited to attend, that they may learn
more of the new club and its proposed
work.
by Common Good Alliance of
Oakland.
Temporary Organization' Is Effected
PROMINENT MEN WILL
WORK FOR PROGRESS
Tighe had pleaded guilty in the mid
dle of the trial, but not before his guilt
had been made. quite apparent by the
testimony of United States Secret Ser
vice Agents George W. Hazen, Thomas
B. Foster and Thomas R. McRIanus.
When the /prisoners were asked by
the court whether they had anything
to say why sentence should not be pro
nounced upon them. Tighe said: "I
was a .victim of circumstances, your
Honor.' I was inebriated at the time
and I did not "realize what' I was do
ing. I would like to get as light a
sentence as -possible — a County Jail
sentence, if possible." • > '•••
But it appeared that the court al
ready had its mind made up and the
appeal was Ignored. \_
Three years' imprisonment .in the
penitentiary at San Quentih and a fine
of $500 each was the sentence im
posed yesterday by United States Dis-.
trlct Judge de Haven upon George
Tighe and Thomas Sutcliffe, convicted
of passing and attempting to pass
counterfeit coins.
in County Jail.
George Tighe . Makes an Ineffectual
' Appeal for Term of Imprisonment -,
THREE YEARS' SENTENCE
FOR COUNTERFEITERS
The estrangement of the men was oc
casioned by the revocation by Mrs.
Havens of her first will, in 'which she
pave her interests in the Goewey Es
tate Company to her brothers. Under
the new will she left all to her infant
son. born a few days prior to ter death.
The brothers claim that their sister
was incompetent to make a will upon
her deathbed and that she was unduly
influenced. As a result two wills have
been filed with the court. Havens then
made a move and was appointed spe
cial administrator of the estate of his
wife, but has been unable up to the
present time to find out of what her
cetate consists, owing to the refusal of
the Goeweys to give him any infor
mation upon the subject. He is now
attempting to get them into court and
make them give an accounting.
The brothers on their side have levied
an assessment of $10 a share on the
stock of the company and have ad
vertised 200 shares of their sister's es
tate for sale as delinquent. Havens
says that he is unable to ascertain
what the assessment is for or whether
it is legally levied and that James M.
Goewey, as secretary of the company,
is keeping away from the office until
after April 26. which is the date the
Flock is to be sold.
As an outcome of the strained rela
tions between John TV. Havens of
Berkeley and his brothers-in-law,
Charles H-. Herbert S. and James
M. Goewey of San Francisco, Havens
has filed a charge against his re
lations of conspiring to levy a
fraudulent assessment upon the share
of the late Gertrude Goewey Havens
In the Goewey Estate Company
end has asked that a citation
be Issued ordering the brothers
Into court to etate the character and
amount of their late sister's share in
the company. Havens says further
that James M. Goewey, as secretary of
the company, is keeping away from the
offices of the corporation at 406 Sut
ter street, San Francisco, in order to
evade the (service of the court's order.
Oakland Office.San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. April 21.
Until six months ago Dr. Merriman
had practiced his, profession with his
brother in this city. Signs of mental
disorder appearing he was taken in
hand by his relatives and was sent to
Bakersfield in the hope that he would
recuperate with change of climate and
surroundings. But he did not improve
and was taken back to the. family resi
dence at Piedmont, where the. serious
mental troubles have been steadily de
veloping. 0'- '^ti'^V:./] ¦ •
Communication was had with Dr. A.
F. Merriman Jr., a brother, and the
patient was removed to the :Receivlhg
Hospital detention ward. Judge Ogden
will .conduct a lunacy examination in
the case to-morrow morning at 9:30
o'clock. • - - .- .
Dr William C. Merriman, a prominent
dentist, declares that Governor George
C. Pardee should be indicted and Mer
riman also* demands that the State
should remove -horns that are growing
out of his head. He w-as arrested' to
day as insane. 2?<irly this morning the
young man left his Home in Piedmont
and headed down town. He 'arrived a*
the police station and thera gave such
evidence of hallucination that he was
detained. ~~
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 21.
In an attempt to save the walnut
crops from the ravages of the dread
disease known as the black blight the
Walnut Growers* Association has just
appropriated $3000 for experimentation
by the scientists of the agricultural
department of the University of Cali
fornia. With this money the scien
tists expect to accomplish such results
as will save the growers from the large
annual loss they have suffered ever
since the blight struck the trees of
California
' The walnut blight is not new. It is
present wherever walnut groves exist.
A war has been waged upon it for sev
eral years by Newton B. Pierce of the
United States Department of Agricul
ture, who has devoted much of his time
to an attempt to eradicate the pest.
The blight manifests itself by dis
coloring the leaves and limbs of the
trees and destroying the shell. The
principal loss comes through the de
struction of the shell, which leaves Ihe
meat of the nut exposed and thus re
duces the chances of the grower "for
selling it. The meat remains palatable,
but the appearance of the shell indi
cates *bat the contents are decayed so
that the growers are compelled to
throw to waste a large portion of the
crop thty cannot sell each year.
Berkeley Office, San Francisco Call,
2145 Center Street, April 21.
In view of the general interest tak
en in the collection of works of art
by California artists at the Mark Hop
kins Institute the board of directors
of the Art Association has decided to
keep the exhibition open to the public
free of charge until Wednesday. It is
understood that this privilege refers
to the Mary Frances Searles gallery
only.
At' 8:20 the annual concert was giv
en under the direction of Henry Hey
man and each number was heartily
applauded. The following is the pro
gramme carried out:
Organ, "Wedding Music" (West). Otto
Fleingner: vocal. .'The Silent World Is Sleep
ing"' (Dudley Buck). W. B. Anthony; violin.
"Romanze." op. 2C2 (Carl Relnecke). Samuel
Augenblick; vocal, (a) "Vainka's Sons" (Stuz
man), (b) "Ob3tlnatlon" (Fontenaille). Mits
Stella It. Schwabacher; organ. <a> "Serenad*"
(Schubert- Truett*), (b) "Gavotte" (Thomas-
Eddy). Otto Flei?sner: eongr. "Come to M<>"
(Denza). Mrs. John Wesley -McDasijl; '• oval,
(a) "Serenade" (Nevln). (b) "IrijJiLo»« Sow"
(Margaret Ruthvan Lang). W. B. Anthonyi
violin, sonata in A major (Handel). Samuel
Augc-nblick; vocal, (a) "3ong. of a Heart"
(Tunlson). (b) "SI mm \>n» avaient dea AHe»"
<llahn). Miss Stella R. Sthirabacher; organ,
.".March" (Merkel), Otto FleJsan»r.
¦ At the conclusion of the musical
programme an informal reception was
held and general discussion of the va
rious paintings indulged in. -The con
sensus .of opinion, was to the effect
that many of the artists displayed
marked .improvement over previous
efforts and that the association has a
brilliant future in store.
Though ' the weather was far from
pleasant last night the forty-ninth an
nual, and spring exhibition of the San
Francisco 5 Art Association at the
Mark Hopkins Institute was pro
nounced .a thorough success by the
165 patrons who attended.
As is customary with the , associa
tion, the early portion' of the evening
was devoted to viewing? the exhibits.
This year the average number of
works were hung and those, added to
the exhibits always in the galleries,
furnished ample pleasure for the lov
ers of art. ¦'.'•- -"'- :
Exhibition Enjoyed Prior to and After
Musical Programme at Mark
Hopkins Institute.
Husband Says He Is Unable
to Get Information as
to His Wife's Money
Authorities Hold William C.
Merriman for Examina
tion as to His Sanity
Black Pest Attacks Fruit
and Causes Annual Loss
to Owners of the Groves
ART ASSOCIATION GIVES
ANNUAL SPRING CONCERT
WOULD jj INDICT PARDEE
BLIGHT INJURES NUTS
EVADE .COURT SUMMONS
Goewey Brothers Charged
With Fraud in Matter of
Deceased Sister s Wealth
Strange Hallucinations in
Possession of Prominent
Young Dentist's Brain
Growers' Association Gives
University $3000 So That
Scientists Jlay Experiment
WAR ON OVER
HAVENS ESTATE
MOVE TO SAVE
WALNUT CROPS
HAS A MANIA
ABOUT HORNS
THE SAN. TRiVNGISCO CALB. APRIL; ; 22,;; 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMED A
Improvement Association Plans a ../Grand Rally of Progressive
Citizens, With View to Inducing Goneerted Action Among Pro
motion Bodies and Arranging Programme for ".Active Work
ENTHUSIASM MARKS WIGWAM MEETING
TO UNITE ALAMEDA COUNTY BOOSTERS
6
¦ ADVEBTISEMGENTS. >
B § HJ1 n<^ man y other painful and serious
W&b m 1 Wsim m S a^^ 2nents from which most mothers
|g H 1$ § H in suffer, can be avoided by the use of
i%l?&B a IS $& B 3 a "®* M% Frj83llf This great remedy
?^^ ,:^ .~~^ .¦".-¦¦ -^T^ • ordeal .withv safety and no pain.
No woman nses * ' Mother's Frieifl" need fear 'the suffering
; and^danger incident tobirth ; ¦ f orit robs the ordeal of its horror
and insures safety to life of mother and child^ and leaves her in
a condition more favorable to, speedy recovery. The child is
also healtny, strong and ««, mm a m p^, m m. a
woman, and will be sent free in plain !|Si ®8^ H gB K^>
envelope by k addressing application to |h N B| &M H|m
Bradncld Refldator Co. Atlanta, Ga. jf ffl I & M% #&
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
*""^"^"™* *. '
OAKIxAJTD.
111S Broadway.
Telciihone Main 10SX
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
I4S5 Park Street.
Telephone Alametla 45»X- "I will state now," said Dimond's at
torney, .Wheeler, "that;, the ; witness has
in his possession a series of anonymous
y 1 mentioned Senator C. N. Kelton yesterday
and said ¦ that I consulted him before I sent
for Hyde. Now I recall that 1 talked with
the Senator about certain -anonymous letters
that had been sent to me. These letters had
referred to Benson's Indictment. , Hence the
interview with Hyde must have taken place
late in December last, after that indictment
had been reported In the • newspapers. < ¦¦:
On Senator Felton's ¦¦ advice 1 read : one of
the anonymous tetters to Hyde during that In
terview, telling him at the, same time that -I
did not' want him to think I was taking ad
vantage of the : difficulties confronting: him to
press for. payment, od that the : anonymous let
ter had anything to do with ray demand. ¦ '
. I also omitted his statement, made during
the December interview in my oface. that he
intended seeing Benson for an accounting of
profits in the Aztec transaction. He then said
he would retain me to bring that action but
I declined to take a case cither against Benson
or for him. \ ..¦¦'.' \ ,
I paid yesterday that Hyde's first promise to
me of compensation in the Aztec land matter
was at our interview in my office In December
1903. I My recollection was at fault. ' When | I
informed him In February of that year that I
would no longer act as his attorney he said I
was entitled to compensation ¦ for that service.
On returning to the, witness stand
Dimond corrected his testimony of the
day before, saying:
SURPRISE FOR HEXEY.
It is evident that the Hyde-Benson-
Dimond land fraud case Is going to be
one of the most celebrated criminal ac
tions in the legal history of the coun
try, and one of its most difficult mys
teries will be the question, "Who wrote
the anonymous letters?" .
These facts were^ not public property
when the letters 'were written. The
writer of them, as will be seen when
they are read below, had a precise and
extensive knowledge of Hyde's meth
ods and business relations, of his deal
ings with his agents, of his failure to
make good his defective titles at Di
mond's demand and of the Interior De
partment's investigation of the land
frauds. It is in evidence that Hyde
had- learned of the investigation
through corrupted agents of the land
office, and his letters to Dimond showed
that he had communicated this infor
mation to Dimond. But it was infor
mation the alleged conspirators had
every reason to conceal and were try
ing to conceal. It is said that Dimond.
Hyde and Benson alone knew many of
the things in these letters, and as. they
were written against Hyde and Benson
— chiefly against Hyde — the writer,
says Heney, was undoubtedly Dimond.
Dimond's testimony shows a series of
mistakes in names and facts. Hyde's
stenographer, Susan Dickinson, was
called "Anne Dickinson." Colonel Za
briskie, the Tucson agent of the Gov
ernment, was misnamed "Brohaski."
The Government's detective, Steece,
was referred to as "Mr. Stace." Every
one of these errors committed by Di
mond is found in the anonymous let
ters, written to the Secretary at Wash
ington last year.
"If Dimond did not write the letters^"
asked Heney yesterday, "who could
have written them? Their author must
have been some one possessing this
exact Information about Hyde's acts.
Who except Dimond could have had
this information and made "the same
mistakes we have ¦ heard him make
here in this courtroom?"
dence is said to be in reserve, but the
outlines of the Federal position are
now clear.. Dimond's knowledge of
Hyde's irregularities was so exactly de
fined on cross-examination for the pur
pose of identifying the defendant with
these anonymous letters, which Heney
was carefully keeping back and which
had not been mentioned in the court
room until yesterday. The prosecution
questioned Dimond until he admitted
his acquaintance with all the facts set
forth in these letters.
Dimond himself, with thorough self- {
possession and intense emphasis, said
| "No"; and his attorney, Charles S.
Wheeler, declared his faith in his j
client's Innocence and his belief that
the ' letters were the work of the Gov
ernment's detectives. But the Govern
ment, appearing by Counsel Heney, af
ter denying Wheeler's charge, said,
"Yes. Dimond wrote all these letters;"
and forthwith it began the introduction
of a mass of evidence. t .
A DAY' OF SURPRISES.
Yesterday's work marks a crisis in
the case. Heney's cross-examination
of Dimond had begun on Tuesday and
two days had been spent in going over
all the relations between Dimond and
Hyde. Including their correspondence
when Dimond was In Washington pros
ecuting Hyde's lieu land selections be
fore the General Land Office and their
quarrel over Hyde's peculiar methods
and still more over his failure to di
vide the profits with the attorney. It
was tedious work, but ¦well done, and
as it drew to its close the Government
lawyer declared that the defendant had"
trapped himself into the hands of the
prosecutioiu
In his or*al testimony and by the cor
respondence offered by him with every
mark of candor, Dimond has shown his
familiarity with Hyde's methods— the
alleged frauds that form the basis of '
the Government's charge apalnst Hyae,
Benson et al. Heney took pains to
have the witness define the bounds of
his acquaintance with these peculiar
methods — the use' of irresponsible per
sons in obtaining school lands from the
States of California and Oregon, the
manufacture of legal papers and the
employment of fictitious names in ap
plications to the Government for forest
reserve selections. All the documents
in Dimond's hands were taken posses
sion of by the Government— that is all
the documents that Dimond said he had
— and these were used to aid in fix
ing the extent of his acquaintance with
the alleged. title factory in Hyde's of
fice.
But yesterday Dimond unexpectedly,
announced that he had some more doc
uments—papers not Included in the
bundles he had formerly turned over to
Heney with the declaration that he was
concealing nothing. He produced two
of a series of anonymous letters, which
he said he received last year. Then
came the admission that these letters
had been concealed even from* his own
counsel until a day or two ago. Their
appearance on >the ! opening of. court
was afterward explained by the Gov
ernment's representatives as due to a
"leak" — a court official intrusted with
a secret . had been indiscreet, arid .Di
mond's attorneys had discovered that
Heney was planning to make the
anonymous letters a leading feature of
the case against their client. Hence
Heney found himself forestalled yes
terday morning when Dimond volun
teered the story of the letters, and his
counsel, Wheeler, at once charged Wil
liam J. Burns, the well-known detec
tive, with 5 their authorship.
These anonymous letters add to the
already complicated case one of the
most extraordinary problems ever pre
sented in a criminal action. Here, in
brief. Is the Government's side of It—
the only side that has been disclosed.
In fact, the Government has but partly
Ehown its hand, and . much more evi-
ment and in which the Ban Francisco
attorney was invited and urged to be
tray Hyde to the Government?
Two answers to these questions were
given yesterday in the great land fraud
hearing before Federal Commissioner
E. H. Heacock.
Did Henry P. Dimond, in his desire
to obtain revenge for Frederick A.
Hyde's refusal to pay him for legal
son-ices, write anonymous letters to the
Secretary of the Interior. Ethan Allen
Hitchcock, alleging that his former
client was guilty of gross frauds in ob
taining title to forest reserve lieu lands
and urging that Hyde's methods be |
investigated on lines suggested by the
writer? Did Dimond also, as a blind
'or future use in screening his own
conduct, write anonymous letters to
himself, copies of which were inclosed i
in one of the epistles to the depart-
TEN DOLIiARS REWARD.
Notify The Call Office II Yen Slfcs
Your Pai>er.
If for any cause THE CALL Is sot de
livered resrnlarly to subscriber* pleas*
call np "CA£L EXCSAKOE" and notify
Subscription Clerk la enmrsre. Tour com
plaint will receive prompt attention.
. A ataadinff reward of Ten Dollars
(810.00) is offered, for the arrest and
conviction of any one caught stealing
ran call. .
Our frame department is showing a
new line of frames In gilt, gold and Ait
Nouveau. Best values.. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street •
WASHINGTON. April 21.— The German Em
bassy will be established at Lenox. Mans., for
the summer, and the Embassador will raise the
Embassy flag there early in June. The Embas
sador expects to remain there until October.
SCENT IX COMMISSIONER HEACOCK'S COURT YESTERDAY WHEN FRANCIS J. HENEY. COUNSEL FOR GOVERNMENT IN
THE LAND FRAUDS CASE ACCUSED HENRY P. DIMOND OF WRITING ANONYMOUS LETTERS TO SECRETARY OF
INTEUIOU. CALLING FOR PROSECUTION OF HIS FORMER CLIENT. F. A. HYDE.
1 Mr.- Secretary: ' Note the echool sections
taken in the lands withdrawn in Southern Cal
ifornia. .You will find • that F. A. Hyde and
John' A. Benson. ' through their "dummies,"
have them all. * You will find the same parties
have all 1 in Northern - California, although
their names do not appear.: If. Stace had been
worth the powder; to blow him ' up he would
not : have * talked • so much , at . Sacramento;
your men were fools. ¦ He knew every move
that- was made and . blocked them at every
turn. .You will find the truth was told in Ari
zona.' but your men " weren't smart ! . enough ; to
nail it or use it when you got it. t You betttcr
find why W.f K. Slack remained In H.'« pay
after he-left .his employ. , Why dld^you not
find E. • Dimond ? . or Jennie Blair? | You saw
their names on the deeds ; some one must have
signed. . So Stace : told - you ; he < heard ¦ of her
(Elizabeth) in Oakland, did he? Ha,- ha! th«
Bush ; was : too thick ¦ for. him and ' obscured his
judgment. Call him up again and ask him if
it ever . occurred to ' him that tome one was
Hyde-ing behind that particular. Bush.- 'You
will find 1 C. W. [ Clark is owed so much . money
he has ' to ; stand in. You . will find that ' alt'
the parties who give so good a character have
been; let in on the boodle. ; . You will find' your
suspension ¦ order ' the • best thing you ever did
if you follow it '. up. Send good men. if .you
have any;- Grand Jury, arrest and make pub
lic; that la the thing. .:- How much he. paid his
dummies, hla barber and friends. Get hold of
hls'''pet,"< A.' Dlckenson; she knows a thing
or two and would tell on .. the stand.' Show . up
his double life and, above all, 'stop your office
leaks. : <• •' • . V.- ."V .--V,-; ¦¦:<*. ¦ .'-.:.< ¦¦. : *
If -the: tGovernment, wishes to act Hn this
matter and really, wishes to -punish the guilty,:
any. question inserted as ¦ a personal : in the San
Francisco : Chronicle ' and signed ; "Government"
will receive a prompt reply. . Very respectfully,
.,. ¦ "TRUTH."
"'-MI.- .' '¦¦:''
Mr. '¦ Secretary: When ' Mr. ; Pugh '. and . Mr.-
Stace started, for 1 / Arizona, '. your/, trusted
"Frauds" Div.,'- wired --Hyde'- full .; particulars
and details of what Schnieder had said. As a
consequence they failed to get him to repeat It.
Hyde again was fully , Informed, ; and naturaly
bought Schnleier." He has . at* all times full
advance > information '. and \ ownes .. so " many,* of
your clerks - and so many ; State , of flcials your
case will be hard to prove. ¦ Hla statement to
the«. S. Call.; Published ,* to-day . (De-!
cember22), ¦ is of course false. ;?:•; • .Don't
f all*- into i the ; error ¦ of \ supposing \ Benson > Is ¦¦ a"
member of . any : of the s Hyde : companies.' - Ben
son is simply a tool. to carry out schemes, and ,
Hyde takes j half ' the" returns ¦ so his ¦ name J may
be kept out. ,\ Benson is always "hard , up',', and
Hyde ; loans • him 'f money " to „ hold • him « in', his
power.- '¦"." Each: hates,' the > ; other.x and-jelther '
would =• testify, against i the -other -to save him- '
self.* 1 Your men did not knowithat- Hyde owns
the r. Surveyor > General ; Wood; . and talked :¦ too
much at Sacramento.*?- Hyde , paid .Wood's ¦ elec
tion exnenses ; aod : baa paid hi m • S100 a week .
The first two letters, as appeared by
their postmarks, had been mailed in
San i Francisco on the same day, De
cember 22, 1903, the very day that Di
mond had angry interview with
Hyde. Dimond denied that he had'
ever seen these letters or sent them
to the secretary. They were then read,
ting in part as follows:
.;:! I. •"
SAN FRANCISCO.
"The. first and second," he said, "I
received \ from , Secretary | Hitchcock.
The secondhand third came to me by
mail."' .
to those set forth in the indictment.
Was this true?"
"Well, it may be possible that some
letters were laid on my desk and I
just put my name to them without
looking to see what they contained."
This was one of the witness' slips.
For the next half hour the Government
lawyer kept him 'on nettles- by pro
ducing paper after paper filed with
the department and bearing date after
Dhnond swears he had quit Hyde's
service, refusing longer to act as his
attorney because he believed his' client
was "crooked." These documents in
cluded appearances and letters urging
the department to immediate action
on the Hyde lieu selections. The
names of C. W/ Clark, the millionaire,
and Elizabeth Dimond, the alleged
myth, appeared among the selectors
and* the cases were a portion of those
which the witness had already admit
ted to have excited his suspicions.
Heriey pressed Dimond to explain how
his acts in these selections, after he
had denounced Hyde's methods, could
be harmonized with his ' professions o*
innocence, but the witness took refuge
in I his- former statement that he be-
Ueved the fraud, if fraud there were,
had been committed against the States
of California and Oregon, rather than
the United States. ' .
HEXEY PRODUCES DOCUMENTS.
Then Heney dug down into his leath
er bag and drew forth a bunch of four
letters. Dimond seemed to anticipate
what was coming and braced himself
in his chair. * First the Government at
torney called Detective Burns to Iden
tify the letters. *
¦ "Did you not call Hyde to your of
fice on" December 22, last, and was he
not there an hour and thirty-five min
utes ?" asked Hen%y. \
"No, only thirty minutes." .
"And did you not tell him that if he
did not pay. you for your work you
would not feel obliged to keep secret
his methods? And did not
this" lead to" Hyde's sudden departure
in anger?"
"No,"— to both questions — "that was
not the reason for his leaving.", -
"You did not .think it: a good time
then- to. get*; some • money, out of him?
Did you not demand $10,000 - as . the
price of your silence?'" '1^
, For an instant'; the> witness squirmed
! in his chair, but his ever ready "No",
came at last. '
"I told Hyde that the $10,000. which
he; claimed /wassail he >had. been able
to get • out of Benson 'would \ not more
than pay me justly '¦ f or ; my ' work.", v ,
"But you read; him' the; first; of .' the
anonymous letters you • have produced
here?" ¦;¦'. " "f
;...%'Yes, I. did."/ . -'
V "You. testified/ that after .. ; you . left
Hyde's employ on. March 1, " t . 1903, you
didinot slgnTany, appearances i -'or; other,
papers In', his cases, adding, that a rub-;
ber I stamp i- must ? have TbeenJ; usedj', by,
Hyde's "office" boy In affixing, your name
The second letter was an r exhorta
tion to ; Dimond to take vengeance \ on
Hyde for his "trickery," and /closes:
"Look *out for Walter Bush, as, he is
Hyde's sleeping spy." , >
THE QUARREL WITH HYDE.
On examination of the "letters it ap
peared that they had been written on
a Bliokensdoerfer machine. When ques
1 tioned further, , Dimbnd admitted that
he had owned a typewriter of this
make, but left it in Washington, while
of the letters, six In number, five had
been mailed in this city between Au
gust and December last. One of these
letters had been destroyed as soon as
received, the witness said, because it
contained the names of two women, one
dead, the other living. "It connected
Hyde's name with these women," said
Dimond. who then privately informed
Heney of the names in question. Th*
matter was dropped, and Dimond next
handed Heney one of the letters that
he had kepi, saying it was ( the last but
one he received, and that it hod been
slipped under his office door late in
December. This letter was the one
shown. to Hyde at Felton's suggestion.
It was. read ..in evidence with another
received by mail on August 18 as the
postmark showed. This accounted 'or
three of the six anonymous lettars, the
witness promising to produce the othsr
three if they could be found.
URGES HYDE'S BETRAYAL.
The first letter follows:
Now Mr. ; D, you have told several friends
of ours that you "merely took charge of
Hyde's legal and legislative business In Wash
ington" and that you "knew , nothing 6f th*
work and affairs out here and were now In
no way connected with him." We of course
know that his bribery of clerks dates way
back of your employment, but we also know
you were In his confidence and saw many of
his friends while in Washington. If . you are
no longer connected 1 with him you I are, . of
course, free to take a case against him. '
The time has come; your name is before the
Secretary and you will receive a visit from a
person representing the Government ,ln a day
or two.
Listen to what he says, and If you do not
follow his advice you win make a grave mis
take. Every move you made last January
was watched' and you will have to explain
your meeting with Valk (I need not mention
any other names) and prove by the stand you
take you were not in the ring. Don't wait for
the ' Secretary to send for you. but go to
Washington at once, in time to ¦ advise about
Bennon. You are all right with Brltton &
Gray and your many, friends behind you it will
bo the making of you with the administration.
You can give) us the name of the party we
want to forge Jhe last link in the chain. *- If
you know a Mrs. Curtis here you <. will -guess
what we want. These letters have been for
the purpose of educating -you to" an under
standing of what you as an attorney can give
u«. and your official- oath makes it your duty
to" expose a crime, while the treatment you
have received at Hyde's hands binds 'you to
nothing eave legal secrecy, surely not the
matters that came to your own knowledge
while In Washington.
You will be offered $2oOO retainer and $2500
more In case of conviction to assist Henny.
Take thought before refusing. ¦
"Well, if you are passing compli
ments," Heney remarked, "we think
that Mr. Dimond has the typewriter on
which these anonymous letters were
written. What typewriter do you use,
Mr. Dimond?" .
"The Remington," answered the wit
ness. •
"No, Mr. Dimond has the copies," re
torted Burns, who was 1 sitting near.
The secret service man referred to the
Government claim that the letters of
fered by Dimond were manufactured
to be inclosed in the letters to the de
partment.
DID DIMOND WRITE LETTERS?
letters containing threats and also of
fers to associate. him with Mr. Heney
as Government counsel in this case at
a salary of from $2500 to J 5000. We be
lieve they were sent him. by the Gov
ernment detectives?'
"All right, Mr. Wheeler,"* Heney said,
"we'll exploit these letter* with you."
"We think Mr. Burns has copies of
the letters-" Wheeler added.
cases In Washington and elsewhere. He spent
many months in Washington, with headquar
ters at Brltton & Gray's. Very suddenly last
spring Just after his return from Washington
he severed his connection with Hyde. I have
since learned that he became acquainted with.
Hyde's methods while In Washington and de
clined to act further, giving as a -reason
failure on Hyde's part to follow the cour»#
advised by B. & G. and himself to meet your
suspension order. Neither Hyde or Bennon
have ever paid him for his services in the
•land deal and as a consequence he cannot
but have a bitter feeling. In fact told a friend
he was going to sue them, when the news .>£
Benson's arrest came. Now tbe key to' tlie
situation is this man Dimond. and If you can
induce him to act with you you can get a
conviction. I have tried to work on him by
a series of letters of which I enclose copies.
• • • I have kept a watch, on Hyde and
the day Dimond received the next to the last
of my letters H. rushed over to his office
and remained there for an hour (although they
hav* hardly been on speaking terms), and
when he left he bad the appearance of fear,
disappointment and anger. Hyde went there
in response to a note I sent him and! assume
Diamond refused to be employed.
(Slsned) TKUTH.
"Mr. Dimond," asked Wheeler, "have
you any suspicion as to the source, of
these letters?"
"None whatever," said his client. '
"I reiterate my absolute confidence In
Mr. Dimond," remarked Wheeler, "and
challenge the Government to prove Us
claim that he. concocted these out
rageous letters."
"We are trying this case," was
Heney's only response.
This morning there will be more
cross-examination and more anonymous
letters will be read In evidence.
In no case -do parties ever appear personally
before Burnes. Hyde's San Franci;»co notary.
Try it. S«id some one to him and offer a
deed to be acknowledged: let your secret ser
vice man say. "This comes from Hyde," and
6ee how quick he will put on his seal.
Employ local counsel to help, but let Ban
ning push it. Banning knows Hyde and will
leave no stone unturned. Make Benson turn
State's evidence at any coat and sou will nail
the guilty party. You can work B. through
his , mistress. Mrs. Curtis tried to d» the
Government a ¦ turn lonir ago. but did not
know enough. "Walter Slack dare not, but he
knows all* Schnieder told Brohaskl in Arizona,
He worked first, fcr Benson, then for Hyde.
Ran the whole State lieu business. Find what
Hyde has done with the books Laura Farwell
kept. For days after Schnieder told M. D.,
Hyde and Slack were • with him In Arizona,
and your men never cot any further satisfac
tion. Now do business.
ADMITS HIS ERRORS.
"You remember," asked Heney. "that
you spoke on the stand here of Anne
Dickinson. instead of Susan Dickinson,
of Stace instead of.Steece, of Brohaski
instead of Zabriskie? You also recall
that Hyde's letter to you on January
16, 1903, made an admission that he had
used his barber, Stein, in obtaining:
school-lands In. this State?"
To each of these questions the wit
ness answered "Yes" or "I may have
done so."
Burns was recalled for. a minute and
told that he had complied with " the
anonymous writer's suggestion and in
serted an advertisement in the Chroni
cle on December 30, 1903. This brought
the third letter of the series to his own
address, postofflce box 362, Washing
ton. It inclosed copies of the anonym
ous letters Dimond says were sent 1 to
him. The letter to Burns is in part as
follows: .
111.
VT. J. B., Washington, D. C. — The "Govern
ment's" prompt response noted, and while, as
before stated the writer will not disclose her
identity, the "Government" can depend upon
assistance from a standDOint of vantage that
can never be attained by its officials. I have
followed sHyde'a methods for years and he
has received a monthly letter from me that I
am satisfied has made his life miserable. He
is at the present moment living in the belief
that every man he has corrupted in Wash
ington has or is about to turn State evidence
acainst him. • • . • ¦
Two years ago Hyde employed a lawy-r
of this city named Henry Dimond. now at o30
California street, to act for him in many
ever since. Four-fifths of all the State.loca
tions made In the last six months have been
made by ' Hyde and Benson, but „ have been
made so Hyde's name does not appear. He
has supplied the money, and every name is
really, his dummy, bought, for $5, |10 or
$20. • • ? ' ,
Sheriff Reese said to-night that the
fellow convicts of Roberts at Folsom
had raised a fund with which to save
him from the gallows, and "that the
other convicts confined in the County
Jail herei Andrew Meyers, "William
Leverone; Harry Eldridge and Joseph
Murphy, have counted on the assist
ance of Roberts' friends to enable them
to escape from the County Jail before
their return to the Folsom peniten
tiary.
Haggerty found In front of the, cell of
William Leverone, one of the retaken
Folsom prison escapes, a small .bundle
of newspapers. A long string, attached
to the bundle led to Leverone's cell,
and Haggerty at once realized that
Leverone had been trying to swing the
papers over to the cell of Harry Eld
ridge, another of 'the Folsom escapes,
likewise under a charge of murder.
Haggerty - opened the- bundle and
found inclosed a letter addressed to
Eldridge and written by Leverone, who
signed himself by his nickname,
"Slim." In the letter, in the vernacular
familiar to convicts, Leverone assured
Eldridge that if the friends of Joseph
Roberts, another of .the escapes, are to
be relied upon they were all in a fair
way to escape. He said It would be an
easy matter to secure Haggerty in
passing' the corridor by a wire lasso
and take his . keys and revolver away
from "him through the wicket. He as
sured Eldridge that the -same device
had worked well in the East recently
In the case of a train robber.
1 SACRAMENTO, April 21.— Sheriff
David Reese is convinced', that 'the four
Folsom convicts now confined in the
County Jail are planning to escape, and
he has redoubled his watchfulness. The
wickets on their iron cell doors have
been securely fastened : and they will
not be permitted to have any further
communication with one another.
This morning Night Jailer Timothy
Special Despatch to^The .Call.
CHICAGO, April 21.— That he has
been ruined by defending divorce suits
commenced by his wife is the charge
made by John Dings, against Julia M.
Dings, a wealthy resident of Highland
Park, in an affidavit filed in the Su
perior Court. From being a contrac
tor with a lucrative business, 'Dings
declares, he has fallen to the position
of a day laborer, working for $1*35 a
day, through the desire of his wife to
obtain legal separation. ;
Dings further asserts that, besides
being harassed by summonses, divorce
bills and crossbills, he has been hu
miliated by detectives. Two divorce
bills are now pending; against him. He
says he was obliged to sell his home
to defend the divorce suits. . ' :
3 His affidavit declares that his wife
is endeavoring to cut off \ his .dower
right to her property and is transfer
ring it to her sister, Mrs,. Louisa
Hodges of Highland Park.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Says He Was Compelled Jo
Sell His Home to Provide
Funds for the Litigation
Inmates of a Prison Said to
Have Contributed Money
to Prevent aft Execution
LETTER REVEALS A PLOT
APPEALS TO THE COURT
Convicts Who Escaped From
Folsoin and Were Captured
Discovered- in Conspiracy
Once Well-to-Do Man Alleges
I That He Has Been Made
Poor by Defending Actions
FELONS PLAN
A JAIL BREAK
DIVORCE SUITS
COST FORTUNE
THE .SAN FRANCISCO "CALt, FRIDAY. APRIL 22, '1901.
Defense Claims Epistles Were Part of Federal Scheme to Trap
Dimond, But Heney Declares Defendant Wrote Them, Seeking
Revenge on Hyde — Startling Evidence Offered by Prosecution
ANONYMOUS LETTERS PROVE GREAT
SURPRISE IN LAND FRAUD HEARING
7
_'_ _ _ '__¦_ _ _: - BEGAX. SHOES.
]y[any a man would like to wear
Regals but he hesitates to pay so
' J^ss^ little as $3.50 for a
mW§^ Jk P a^ r of shoes -
m wJPfci ift$k Doubtful about taking so
fc much for so little?
W "^^WsmJssT^ Not at a11 Hes got
%£gP*&lB a sort of scmi-suppress-
Hk.- notion that he can't
i Iess he P 21^ from 5
* dSS^kfe t0 $1* *° r his shoes.
N^v^ jy^fe. Now, if he would ask
«— — ¦ &ki yr<^0^'^' h "^^m^ those who ride in
\\ TANNERY \ Pullmans, ivalk in
WEARER M may be astonished
i Q^ Sfl -dltti to learn that a clear
i in Tn^ I J
are wearing Regals.
The trouble is that people get the idea that because
the Regal sells at $3.50 it is a "$3.50 shoe," —which it is
not. It's a six-dollar shoe at the wholesale price,— a fact
which we are prepared to demonstratejby a comparison
of style, fit, finish and leather quality. ; '""
Send for Style Book. Mail orders promptly filled. .
There are 72 Regal Storen, . 22 of them in Greater New York, where th«
originate. : The new,styles are on. sale at our; San, Francisco Store at .
t the same time as in the New York Stores. . , .
SAN FRANCISCa MEN'S sf6RE..Cor. Geary & Stockton Ste.
STORE: .:...../.;..;.. . Cor. Geary & Stockton" StsV
3^ i 'E'a CZLEB.Y COMPOUND. ¦ _
You Gin Feel Etetter at Once,
Try Just One Day— BBACED — IwnOOBATED — CUKSD — The Zearty. BncSaM
Health That Thousands Upon Thousands Are Oettbur Prom tb«
' . Celebrated Htrve YitaJlzer and Tonic.'
Paine's Celery Compound
— ' pleasing results, and in a short tim* I
. Overwork — Extreme nervousness. was able to return to my business. My
"For several years I suffered with ex- blood is greatly benefited. I would ad-
treme nervousness, due to overwork in v 'se all who are run down by overwork
my exacting duties as pressman, and or who need a blood tonic to take
could scarcely sleep at night, "was toM Paine's Celery Compound. They will
of Paine's Celery Compound by a friend, find that it will be a great benefit to
and after taking one bottle received a them." — T. P. Peterson,
great deal of benefit. I purchased an- Bad Blood— -Senralria, •'-
other bottle and consider my nerves bet- »t testify in regard to Paine's Celery
ter than they have rbeen for years. I Compound, that I had bad blood and was
cannot speak too highly of Paine s Celery SUD ject to neuralgia, and was much
Compound, and think it one of the bothered, having tried various specifics.
? rorl<i j?. erreatest rnedlclnes."— J. E. San- but to no purpose: thought I would try
berg. 2360 16th Street. S.. Minneapolis. Paine's Celery Compound, used three hot-
AILING WOMEN. ties and it cured me. I shall recommend
Cincinnati. Aug. 26/ 1903.— "I heartily Jtto all of my friends. I consider it the
recommend Paine's Celery Compound, as best medicine I ever met for nervous dls-
I have used it for several purposes and | eases. — John Erpehnbach. 616 Putnam
keep it constantly In the house. I say— I ave.. Eau Claire, Wis.
.'Once used. alw"ays used' — especially in •••••+••••••• •>••>»>••••-
T h T e^5?? In « s women."— MISS ESSIE J "Blood and Stomach and Kwrt and I
LLOYD. 1251 Russell Street. !! Luna's— Liver and Bowels aad Brain o
> "I Was Sick— Dizzy— Worn-Out." , — the center of an -thy XJTa,..
-North Weymouth. Mass.. Dec. 14.— . B3SAXTK and VITAlITT to thjHu-o
"Paine's Celery Compound is the best 4 man Body Is to the HE»VBS. Trace o
and most effective medicine I have ever a your ilckne** and tlrtd feeliar to tto..-
taken. I was sick, dizzy and worn out ,,real source. _i-"'-. _, '_ "__ ! _,v "
for a long time and unable to attend to ,,: —Prof. Edward E. Phelp*. 3J. D.. IJ^p.. ,,
business. My blood was in troublesome , of Dartmouth University— Famous Dl«- •
condition. I was advised to try Paine's I coverer of Pained Celery Compound, j
Celery Compound, which I did with ¦•••••• •••••• ••••••• •••••¦
Go to /your Druggist TO-DAY—
i Get one bottle of Paine's Celery Com-
pound— See how DIFFERENT it will
111 €jL SSlC* if KJr U 1 Uli^ 'C 1 •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| | MARKET J
1049 MARKET STKEET. O
j OpDositr- Jones and McAllister. rj
SPECIALS FOR FRIDiY AKD SATURDAY g
20 lbs. Best Dry GBLA-lOJIiATED K
j SUGAR Sl.OOfif
XO-Ib sk Best Family rLOUS.^.'cH
7 lbs. Oood Table BICE «.%€" 3
Singapore Sliced FIK*E APPLE. B
a per can 1 0c ¦
1-lb. can GhlrardelU's CEOCO-H
| LATE » S!."»C B
3-lb. .ouar* Best CEEAMERT 9
1 BUTTER, 4 5c; 2 •qua.re«..Nr.«'O
4 s&cks rise TABLE SAXT..lOcH
Lfctffe can Jufire BAZ.KOXT, UO<SH
f 3 for :&."»«•• b.»e\ 30c caac. ra
Very Sect BAKCH EGGS 20cH
[ To th«? patrons of Sproafs I
Market and others: We have ne-H
cured the sole agency for th* Cele- B
brated Mocha and Java Coffee; In B
4-lb. cans, for one week we wlllS
sell at Sf»c P«t can. reg. pricey
$1.40. Have a free cup at our store. E
2 THEE: I'KEE! FSEE1 £4
1 can of CREAM, any kind, with M
«very "5c purchase of Tea or Cof-B
fee. g
For a Time
Constipation and Indigestion may gir»
rise to nothing more serious than a dis-
tressed feeling or discomfort due to an
overworked or impoverished condition of
- the Digestive Organs. A dose or two of
Beecham's
Pills
will easily put this right, but if neglected
what a burden of illness may be the con-
tequence.
Bold Everywhere. In boxes 10c and 25o»
DR.P1ERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
. FOR THE
I rfLOOD.HVER.LUNGS.
I ¦ RKUi: vi: a x i» c uki:
/^7X Coughs, Colds,
I/Sfflrm Asthma, Bronchitis,
I^Sfer Hoarseness,
I ,>EEr and Sore Throat.
f *U»t«»of /&>* box.This week good eyeglasses, specs, 25c
60c 79 4th (front Key's Cel.Oys. House).*
while entertaining some friends - In
his apartments the other daya well
known man about town pointed to a
beautiful electric clock oh his bed
room) mantel. V«lraSf88K| > '
~ "See that?" ;he said. "That clock
is the latest Invention. I can hypnot
ize it so that it will ring the hour any
time,, day or- nigh t.'*^
As h^e spoke he sat unconcernedly on
the edge of his bed.
VNow, Avatch it!", he; said. '
;The^ hands,. marked 9: 20. '-Suddenly Special ; information > supplied dafly to
something inside the- clock beean to basiness houses and I public; men b> th«
ring; Ofl sounds that^ appeared^ be 5o!S a t i;i$^?^ZiJ^ > iI5^
A Convenient, Clock.
"Beg your pardon. Tillman."' re
torted • Senator Lodge. - "Have you
forgotten that her" great grand-uncle
ate Captain Cook?"
In the roar that' followed Mr. Till
man Hiiid something about reconsid
erincr 'the vote.
When the Washington friends of
the bill to give former Queen Liliuo
kalani $150,000 were talking' the mat
ter over in the Senate lobby after the
adverse vote recently, Mr. Tillman.
who had voted against the measure,
expressed regret, according to. the
Kansas City Journal, that the dusky
daughter of savage kings did not
seem able to understand the strong
prejudice existing in some parts of the
country against the black races. "Now,
if she could show a strain of white
blood!" he exclaimed, and looked de
fiantly around.
Her White Strain.
ARMY AND NAVY— J. T. H., Owy
hee, Nev. The following is 'the- salary
paid officers of the .^British army' (this
does.-not Include eitras they may re
ceive): Commander in chief,,' £5000
sterling; general, £2920; lieutenant,
general, £2008; major general, £1093;
brigadier general, : £913; adjutant gen
eral, £2400; regimental officers, colonel
and lieutenant colonel, ' from ' to 24
shillings per day,, the amount varying
according Xo the branch of the service;
major, 13s 7d to 18s fid; lieutenant, 11s
7d.to 15s; second lieutenant, 5s Zn to "3
8d. " There is a difference in the pay of
staff officers at headquarters and
abroad. Staff captains receive £500
and staff lieutenants £400 a year. .
In the royal ' navy the pay is : Ad
miral of the - fleet. £2190, ad
miral,' £1825; vice admiral,. £1460; rear
admiral, £1095; commodore, first class,
£1095; -captain, according to ship, £410
to £730; commanders," £363." and lieu
tenants, £182 to £256.
REPORTS from Havana concerning the Cuban Con
gress, 1 whose spring session was recently opened,
are to the effect that no less than 658 questions re
lating to disputed elections were submitted to the House,
and as a result there is confusion on all sides, a general
cry and clamor of "fraud," arfd every prospect of a stren
uous session. It is not feared, however/ that anything
serious will follow the confusion, for the disturbance is
confined to politicians, the business elements and work
ing classes being evidently well satisfied with the con
ditions of trade and industry and with the Government.
The statements in the annual message of President
Palnia show that the: administration has been fairly suc
cessful-in its work, and has given Cuba a much better
government than prevails in most Spanish-American
countries. A summary of the message says the President
points out that the mortality-rate of the island is but
15 per 1000 inhabitants, being the lowest since 1820.
Street cleaning in Havana, has been improved, while the
cost has been less than it was under American adminis
tration. The President recommends an appropriation. of
$2,000,000 lor improving existing roads and constructing
new ones. The summary continues:
"The fiscal report makes an -excellent showing/ and
the industrial situation shows steady improvement. Su
gar, tobacco and fruit all show a notable increase in
value and quantity. It is particularly gratifying to note
uearly $1,000,000 increase in the of fruit. : This
indicates that Cuba is ! getting;away from her former two
crop status. The notable increase in. the 4 number of
horses and cattle is also encouraging, for, the reason-that
these' animals are * essential factors "in sblarge a' part of
Cuba's productive activity. It is true' that, the- present,
number is only about ; one-half of • that of ten years ; ago,
AFFAIRS IN CUBA. '
NEW YORK CAR LINES— A Sub
scriber, City. The companies that op
erate street railroads in New York are:
Interurban . Street Railway Company;
Dry Dock, East Broadway and Battery
Railroad, ; Third , Avenue Railroad,
-Manhattanville and St. Nicholas-Ave
nue Railroad, Union ' Railway, ,West
chester Electric Railroad and the Yon
kers Electric Railroad.
Of love there be two hills:
Who has seen them, at eve or dawn,
Wanders forevermore
.Where the. wind has'gone,
— Arthur Davidson Ficke/ in Smart Bet.
There is a lonely hill of pines,*
half-dim with purple haze.
Behind which sets the dying red
- And gold of autumn days. .
And few come unto it, or know
Its labyrinthine ways.
And there two stand -with unclasped
hands;
He holds a broken lyre:
Her gaze Is past the empty plain,
Out in the flume of fire
Where day sinks Into the waiting night
With Its dreams and its vain desire..
And there two slender lovers walk
Dreamily, hand to hand.
His face is lit as with a joy
¦ Too new to understand;
Her eyes, with some great wonder
' dimmed.
Dream in a far-off land.
There Is one hill of quiet green.
Girt by a little ring
Of tremulous apple-trees, all white
In the sweet air of spring;
And no wind stirs the gentle peace
Of their tender blossoming.
The Hill Sight.
Of love^ere be two hills:
Who has seen them, at eve or dawn,
Wanders forevermore
Where the wind ' has gone.
A New York peddler found the Sartoris jewels, worth
five thousand dollars, and then sold them for fifty cents.
If that man be a type of the present New Yorker, the
farmers of the country seem to have a chance to sell
back their gold bricks at an advance on the buying
price.
LETTER WRITING— Subscriber, Red]
Bluff, Cal. In writing a letter the in
troductory words, "My Dear Friend."
should be capitalized. A gentleman
who simply is acquainted with a lady,
no matter how long, would not be Jus
tified in addressing her by letter as
"My Dear Friend." There is a marked
difference between acquaintance and
friendship.
CALIFORNIA is the most interesting State in the
Union in the variety of its natural capacities.
On the 23d inst. the people of Modesto celebrate
in ample form the completion of an irrigation system
that will make fertile 260,000 acres of dry land, by sup
plying it with abundant water for use in the raising of
all kinds of crops. Just one month later a convention
will meet ;in this city to devise ways and. means for
keeping water off an equal acreage on the delta and tule
lands and islands of the Sacramento and San Joaquin
rivers. The too great abundance of water on these wet
lands is evidence of the exhaustless supply of water
for diversion to the dry lands, and the problem of the
maintenance of both descriptions of. land in fertility in
terests the whole State. 0"^ •
The success of the! irrigation project which is to be
celebrated at .Modesto furnishes a valuable means of
contrasting what the people can do for themselves with
what the Federal Government will do for them in the
irrigation plans which it ; is effectuating under the law
*bf Congress. It will do more than this, for- it will show
the relation of climate to irrigation and to the capacity
of irrigated lands to bearthe cost of making, them fertile
by water. j~ In; California land will bear a higher cost
for irrigation, because in this climate it produces more
•crops in a year, and crops with a higher market value.
Yet it will probably be found that the cost of irrigation
here will be far less than that furnished by the Govern
ment works. ', £., '*/- , : '\
).- The success ; of Modesto -is wrought under the Wright
law. ? The author/ of . that law was ; a citizen of Modesto*
when- he, was elected to the Legislature for the purpose
of proposing the measure which bears his name. There
has", been much controversy over. it. Losses 'have oc
curred in some places where its application was at
tempted, and' the organization, of some districts has
been voided by the courts. All. this may be without im
peaching the applicability of /the. law ' to any conditions'
that were in line with its purpose.
- If it^never did anything more than enable the irriga"-.
tion of , the vast acreage of which Modesto is" the center;
it is already as fully ; vindicated as the Federal law is
likely to be. This successful achievement may renew
interest in its .merits and cause - its application , in' other;
districts, conformatory ; to the court decisions • that affect
it. vThe Modesto people have earned" the rights to cele
brate, and the State joins in their day^s of? jubilee. :
ROUND VALLEY— A. O., Madera,
Cal. Round Valley CaL, is In Inyo
County and is in the Eighth Congres
sional District, represented by M. J,
Daniels.
THE MODESTO IRRIGATORS.
SPAWN— B. M.. Petaluma, Cal. Thera
are a number of seed men in San Fran*
Cisco who supply mushroom spawn.
Answers to Queries.
A modern Enoch Arden of Seattle, Wash., was ar
rested for burglary for trying to break into his home
and a welcome on his return. Upon his promise to go
away and not bother the new husband the charge was
dismissed. That is an easier way of adjusting family
relations than the old style, if not quite so romantic.
In the surprisingly short time of
seventy years from Yermak's entrance
to the valley of the Obi. Russian pio-:
neers had. reached the Pacific,.. Oc^an
and penetrated to the mouth of the
Lena and established important cen
ters of civilization at numerous points
which have continued to increase to
the present day. Tobolsk, Omsk,
Tomsk, Krasnoyarsk, Minusinsk, Ir
kutsk, Yakutsk, Verkhne Udinsk and
Nertchinsk have- behind them as long
a history as Salem and Boston. While
they have not developed in size like
those early New England settlements,
they can render an excuse for not so
doing by pointing to the limiting con
ditions- which have surrounded them,
which even yet are only partially re
moved. But at Tamsk one will now
find a university which will compare
favorably with any in the United
States fifty years ago. At Krasnoyarsk
he will find a library of a wealthy Si
berian, filled with many treasures,
which any European library would
covet, but could not obtain. At Min
usinsk, three hundred miles away
from the Siberian railroad, is a mu
seum which is the admiration of the
world, where from the local collec
tions the transition from the stone to
the bronze and the iron age is more
perfectly shown than anywhere else.
In this collection are sixty thousand
specimens well housed in a two-story
brick building, and arranged and
classified after the most improved
methods, with an equally commodious
library building adjoining it. AH this
has been accomplished by private sub
scription. And this is only a specimen
of what is to be found in nearly every
Siberian town of more than ten thou
sand inhabitants. The country abounds
in museums and in people, who are in
terested in them. Minusinsk has but
fifteen . thousand people, but in the
larger cities of Irkutsk and Khabar
ovsk, where branches of the Royal
Geographical Society exist, the muse
ums, though n'ot so much specialized
as this one at Minusinsk, are built and
organized on a larger plan.
Irkutsk, nearly four tho'usand miles
east of St. Petersburg, though contain
ing only about sixty thousand Inhabi
tants, has, besides its large museum,
an elegant opera house, vying in pro
portion and fullness of equipment
with anything found in America out-
Bide of New York city. It has a public
reading room and a library containing
books and magazines in all the leading
languages of Europe. At Blagovyes
chensk, on the Amur River, fourteen
hundred miles farther east, in a city
of thirty thousand, one will find, in
addition to a well-equipped hospital
and library and museum, a community
of such high musical culture that a
local society renders with ease and in
most creditable style such choruses as
those of Saint-Saens* "Samson and De
lilah." — Review of Reviews.
Culture in Siberia.
" 'Ah, forget it,' said Belle, 'didn't
I tell you that I'd be your trusty?
S'pose I'd let that thing murder you
'thout helping you?'
"The matron was taken back by the
trusty's unconcerned air and relin
quished all hope of thanking Belle with
words. When Belle died there were
many who had known her, who recall
ed her record as a pickpocket, but
there were a few who said, 'there was
a criminal with a wcrd of honor.' "
"Several years ago Belle was sent
up for four years in San'Quentin. At
tKat time the matron of the prison
had been having great difficulty in se
curing a reliable trusty, among the in
carcerated females. I suggested that
she give Belle a trial. I said to her
that if Belle promises you that she
will do as you bid her, she will do it.
"So Belle Wilson was given the posi
tion ;' of trusty. Not two days after
Belle was introduced to her new job a
big, husky negress attempted to cut
the matron's throat. She had her down
on the floor of' a cell and with up
raised hand was about to plunge the
knife into the matron's neck when
Belle came along at a bound. With
one swipe she knocked the frenzied
negress prone on the floor and quickly
relieved .her .of her weapon. The
matron was deeply indebted to her
trusty and attempted as best she could
to thank her.
Belle was known to the oldest offi
cers of the police force. All knew her
to be a larcenist of the most clever
type, yet they knew her as well by
her word of honor, as they did by her
bad record. "When Belle ever told you
she would do a thing," said an old
policeman the other day, "you could
bet on it that she would keep her
word.
"There is honor among thieves";
that oft quoted phrase was exempli
fied in the character of Belle Wilson,
the noted female pickpocket, who died
a miserable death a few days ago,
alone and forsaken by her former
friends.
Honor Among Thieves.
The question which suggests itself is:
Do these eels hibernate naturally when
they experience cold beyond a certain
point, or is the condition noted that of
temporarily suspended animation, the
forerunner or preliminary stage of
death?
For it is certain that the eels are not
really dead. The returning tide .bears
them 1 - on its surface at first, as though
they were lifeless, but after a few min
utes they wriggle about a little, and
soon they dive below, slowly and care
fully, but very much alive. The fisher
men usually make things certain by
chopping off the heads of their cap
tured fish before they thaw them out.
Apparently no one has ever taken the
trouble of deciding whether the fish
were frozen through and through, so
that there could not be any little
stream of life kept in motion in the In
terior of their bodies by ever so slight
a circulation. — New York Sun.
The excessively cold seasoTV- at. Que«
bee has had a curious effect upon thi
salt water eels. It is their custom In
winter to bury themselves In the sand
or mud below high water mark and!
there hibernate.
This winter the* frost has been so
keen for weeks at a time that the sur
face of the wet sand has become a
sheet of Ice directly the water ebbed
away. Probably this has had the effect
of partially depriving the burled eela
of air, and the fear of death by asphyx
iation has sent them scurrying out Into
the open, where they meet with imme
diate paralysis from the cold.
The appearance of the beach on some
cold mornings has been remarkable.
Thousands of eels from thirty to sev
enty Inches in length, each one about as
brittle as an icicle and stretched out as
straight as a stick, lie about or stand
upright from the sand for a good third
of their length.
Carts and wheelbarrows, as well as
boats, have been filled day after day,
and the available markets for fresh
eels were long ago glutted. Skinning,
salting and smoking have given em
ployment to many, who otherwise would
have been idle. '¦.-*,*
What the Cold. Does*.
IT has remained for colored women in Los Angeles to
devise a new form of philanthropy. >They have pro
ceeded to organize the Southern California Home
Association and Floral Investment Company./ The ob
ject is to provide a pleasant home for aged negroes and
orphans of the colored race. The support of the home is
to be derived from the sale of carnations and other
flowers. The old people and -the children, not being
strong physically, could not be expected td perform
hard labor, but the growing of. flowers for the market
will -supply them with light and profitable occupation
and they will find themselves amid pleasant surround
ings and with comforts.
An organization was effected several months ago, prin
cipally through, the endeavors of . Mrs. Mary J. Jackson.
A tract of five acres of land admirably adapted to the
culture .of flowers was secured at Duarte. Six town lots
have also been secured in addition, so that the ground
is ample for the experiment in its earlier stage. The
soil has been tested and has been proved to be desirable
for flower farming. It is all under a good irrigation sys
tem. The association is undenominational, but it has
enlisted the efforts of many colored church people^
The women of the association have already paid a
share of the money heeded to purchase the land for the
flower farm, and charitably inclined pecJpie have pledged
quite large amounts. It has been decided, in view of the
favorable financial conditions attending the beginning of
the enterprise, to start work on the first home buildings
on May 1. Only one cottage will be built at a time, the
purpose being tp handle the home conservatively, and
not to incur any debt that might prove td be burden
some later. In addition to cash donations, the colored
people of Duarte, Monrovia and other near-by commu
nities have promised to give several days of work each
•to save expense and to get the farm in shape as soon as
possible at the lowest possible limit of cost.
The officers of the association are all colored women.
Mrs. M. J. Jackson is the president; Mrs. rLouisa Oliver,
vice-president; Mrs. H. A. Jones, secretary; Mrs. S. L.
Jones, treasurer. Carnations have been selected for the
original plantation of flowers because they are in strong
demand in the* south, and also because it has been dis
covered that they grow to great perfection at, Duarte.
Several schemes were considered by the practical
minded colored women before they hit upon the idea of
the flower farm, the leading purpose being to utilize the
labor commercially of those to be cared for, and so to
make the home for the aged and the orphans as near
self supporting as possible. It is not supposed that
flower culture will pay the entire expense? of the main
tenance of the home, but it will go far in that direction
if it is managed on business principles. Auxiliary organ
izations of colored people are to be. formed in the south
ern counties to secure co-operation and support.
pensive ornament and is specially de
signed for people who are in the habit
of waking up in the midnight flours.
When they wake and wonder what
time it is, all they have to do Is to
touch the button. , Then the hour 19
rung off and they can fall asleep again
without having had the trouble of
striking a light to satisfy their ciuri
osity. — New York Times.
musicaldots and dashes. First there
were four sets of five rings, and then
nine solemn rings in a deeper 'tone-—
which, being interpreted, meant 9:20
o'clock. The guests were much mysti
fied, but their host explained that ho
was surreptitiously pressing an elec
tric button attached to the bedpost.
The new kind of clock is an ex-
NEW FORM OF PHILANTHROPY.
•'4ny one who has studied the flight
of birds." he adds, •cannot fail to have
noticed that many of them do not ap
pear to exert as much energy in flying
11s a email animal does in running.
The motor car and the locomotive are
uble to run three miles while any land
animal Is able to run only one. Why
then should we not be able to make a
flying machine that will outfly the
swiftest bird?"
Kir Hiram believes that it can be
done and that he is the man who can
do it. All that is needed, he argues. Is
a motor that shall combine the requi
site power and lightness. In respect
of these all essential qualifications the
development of the motor oar has
wrought wondrous improvements and
paved the way for the flying machine
man to step in and by still further In
creasing the power and reducing the
weight of these motor engines obtain
a machine that attached to aeroplanes
will solve the problem of aerial navi
gation. .
"I feel certain." concludes Sir"
t?ir Hiram holds firmly to the opin
ion that if aerial navigation ever be
come* practicable it will be by means
of flying machines pure and simple
u.nd not by balloons aided by motors.
Balloons, he maintains, are so large
nnd bulky for their weight that it will
never be possible to maneuver them
with certainty in any kind of weather
except a dead calm.
"When the machine is able to fly
around the track with a single oper
ntor three or four feet from the
ground a number of times. I shall al
low it to go higher, and when the
operator has it under perfect control I
shall allow it to be run over a straight
road, still very near the ground. I
shall not allow It to be navigated
more than ten feet above the ground
for some time. In this way the de
velopment of the machine and the art
of steering will t?o on together."
latest London Amusement.
Pp^c'.nl Con < ¦iKmJtnoc
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
6 HENRIETTA, STREET, COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON. April 10.— Sir
Hiram Maxim's latest invention, a
piquant mystery for many months.
now proves to be a hugre toy — a series
of captive flying machines in which
passengers may enjoy the delights of
en aerial voyage in perfect safety,
with the addition of a variety of thrill
ing Kimllans that will afford excite
ment even to thoFC whose jaded nerves
ere no longer stimulated by shooting
the chute or looping the loop.
Sir Maxim says, however, that this
most recent production of his inven
tive skill Is designed palely to make
money and enable him to accumulate
funds enough to perfect an airship
that will really do business.
The Invention itself may be briefly
described as a mammoth merry-go
round, with !iyinR machines attached,
that circle through the air at express
¦peed in lieu of the tame, rair.bow
colored wooden Ftceds that to the ac
companiment of nerve-racking music
row Joe sedately round and round at
country fairs and festivals. In ap
pearance it resembles a huge inverted
Skeleton umbrella with ten ribs. At
the end of each rib, attached to it by
lonjr wire ropes, which allow it to
eu inp free, is a whale-shaped car,
tiphtren fett lens, and surmounted by
en aeroplane. The revolving motion
is derived from the revolutions of a
central shaft operated by a powerful
motor. The venturesome passengers
enter the car through a slit in one
ride. On the opposite side are arranged
£. series of loopholes, through which,
while whirling: around at forty or fifty
miles an hour, they may gaze upon the
fleeting terra firma — if not otherwise
t nca?ed in wrestling with a new kind
of seasickness.
A man who took a trial flight In one
of these revolving whales at a forty
five miles an hour gait said that at
that rate the car swings outward at I
such an angle that the side at' which ;
the passengers enter ..became virtually
the bottom and. pinned to their seats
l»y centrifugal force.' to the bewildered
observers things tcrrcstial seem to be
nil upside down.
"My command of language is not
adequate to describe what my other
sensations were," he said, "but there
were lots of them and they were all
thrilling."
Two of these "flying machine merry
po-rounds" now are in process of erec
tion in this country, one at Earls*
< ourt and the other at the Crystal
Falace. which will enter upon their
dizzy whir!? next summer, and it would
seem as If -the St. Louis World'* Fair
reople couldn't do better than build
one. too.
The captive flying: machines. Sir
Hiram asserts, he will develop into
free flying machines.
"I shall commence on a small scale,"
he explained, "and. as in earlier ex
periments, I shall attach my machine
to a long arm, which, while preventing
it from escaping;, will allow it to move
upward or downward in the air. When
1 have succeeded in perfecting my
motors, my aeroplanes and my screw
propellers so a* to make the machine
fly above the point at which it is at
tached to the rotating arm, I shall
know that its lifting effect is greater
than Its weight.
"My next step will be to make a still
larger machine and run it around a
circular track about 500 feet in
diameter, the machine being kept in
place by being attached to the rotating
arms of a suitable device, which will
neither retard its action nor assist in
propelling it.
Walter Green of San Francisco is
now at the Hotel Cecil, London.
Mr. and Mrs. G. L. Fish of San Fran
cisco arrived in London last week and
are registered at the Hotel Cecil.
J. D. Redding of* San Francisco has
arrived in London and is at the Savoy
Hotel. It is from Paris that Mr. Red
ding has crossed to England, and after
a short time in the metropolis he pro
poses to return again to the French
Ciipital.
Mr. and Mrs. George T. Fox of San
Francisco were in London a few days
ago, but left for Monte Carlo, where
they are to meet Mrs. Fox's mother.
They will do some traveling on the
Continent and will afterward return to
London, staying at the -Hotel Russell
for the season.
1 HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
5 HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON. April 10.— John
131 ick of Pasadena, Cal., is expected in
London shortly after an adventurous
journey In the heart of Darkest Africa,
in the course of which his expedition
j was reported to' have been massacred
jby the warlike Turkana tribe inhabiting
j the country to the west of Lake Ru
dolph.
Major F. R. Burnham, formerly of
Pasadena, who was at the head of the
expedition and who had previously re
turned to London, leaving Mr. Blick in
charge, has since received word that
the rei>orted massacre was based on a
severe fight. In which some of the na
tives attached to the expedition were
killed. None of the white men were in
jured. The expedition, which had been
dispatched by the East Africa syndi
cate, penetrated almost to the center
of Africa through- territory in which
no white men had been seen before.
Much of the journey to Lake Rudolph,
1 which is 300 miles north of the Uganda
railroad, had to be made on foot.
Special Correspondence.
Calif ornians Abroad.
A man in St. Clair County, 111., found guilty of mur
dering his wife, sued for the insurance on her life and
the Supreme Court of that -State decided the company
must pay him. Such a decision may be an exact inter
pretation of the insurance policy, but it places a premium
on crime and nullifies the rule of law which, provides
that. a' man cannot profit by his own wrong.
The men who now support the declarations of New
York and Pennsylvania have ever since 1896 declared
that Mr. Cleveland was and is a Republican, because he
stood out on former issues, just as thousands of Demo
crats will now stand out on the personal issues which
are to be in this year's campaign.
The burden of proof of these personal charges' rests
upon the accusers. Let them face the country with-spe
cific proof that our peace has been endangered. Let
them furnish evidence of the specific acts that menace
the stability of business. They need not expect to get
through the campaign without answering. The Ameri
can people will not act upon vague charges and general
declarations. They learned better in 1896. That cam
paign of education transformed our political methods;
and ended the whoop-de-dooden-doo campaign, run on
ditties set to the tune of "The Camp Town Races."
That, would do in 1840, when people were told to "Vote
for Harrison, therefore, without^ a why or , wherefore,"
and Van Buren was. beaten because somebody said he
had a set of. gold spoons. But now the people demand
a why and a wherefore, and men who know why and
wherefore . they are Democrats will repudiate assaults
upon the President of the United States intended to
punish him for enforcing the law in accordance with his
oath of office. \
The opposition policy is to nominate a' recordless
sphinx, with David B. Hill as the boss of a campaign,
to wink at socialism with one eye and at capitalism with
the other.
As long as the issue is merely personal it will release
from part}' allegiance an immense Democratic vote, of
real conservatives, who see in the President's enforce
ment of the law the policy which they wish their own
party to follow, just as in 1896 the sound "money Demo
crats saw in the gold standard policy of McKinley that
issue which they knew their own party ought to have
made. These men know the folly of charging that the
President menaces "international peace and business sta
bility and prosperity."
Why do not his accusers show in what particular he
has threatened international peace? To complain that
he is dangerous to the present prosperity of the coun
try is an almanac joke. When his party came into
power there was no prosperity. The Democratic free
silver agitation had bankrupted business and brought the
national credit near to breaking down. Prosperity was
restored and business was made stable by the defeat of
evcrjthing for which the Democratic, party had. stood
from the time Senator Vest said, in 1893, that "the party
and Mr. Cleveland had reached the, parting of the ways.?
These interests which seek to prosper by violation of
the law had involved large numbers of innocent people
in investments in stocks that were sure, soon or late,
to be lost because they lacked a proper foundation of
legal assets. When the President enforced the law, the
illegal and improper nature of the securities appeared
and those lost who had been beguiled into investment:
Since then there has been a studied attempt" to direct
the wrath of the innocent losers against the President.
To this scheme the party is lending itself. -•
If this were done by the yawping wing alone, that
wing that flops for Mr. Hearst, it would cause no sur
prise. But it is also done by the swallow, tails, the so
called respectable and conservative element, the high
?nd holy persons, who have put themselves under. the
leadership of Mr. David B. Hill. It is hypo.critical politics
of an extreme kind. The purpose is to secure the
assistance of the "high financiers" whose schemes of
spoliation have been blocked by the President. \ -
r t-\ HE Pennsylvania Democratic Convention returns
I the lead of New York in making a personal issue
* against President Roosevelt. The- sentiment of
the country is declared to be "distrustful of his adminis
tration and fearful of his' extraordinary, erratic : and
autocratic assumption and exercise of power."
Like New York, Pennsylvania files no bill of particu-'
lars. Ndt an instance of any assumption of power is
cited, because there is none. The President is. declared
to be "a menace to constitutional government." That
was said of Lincoln" and of Grant, by the same, style
of partisans. The men who say it now know that
there is no more truth in it than there was then. The
fact is that President Roosevelt has been conspicuously
unpartisan in' his administration. What the New- York
and Pennsylvania denunciation means is that his en
forcement of the law against those who violate it has
made him dangerous to the illicit business interests~of
the country. *\>* v^
curred on the bench of the Supreme
Court and the Governor appointed a
Judge to fill the vacancy. The consti
tution provided then, as now, that the
successor should be elected at the next
general State election. This provision
was neglected,^ however, and the ap
pointee retained his seat on the bench.
To this method a citizen j named Plck
ett, who was one of the street reform
ing brigade, took exception, and dis
puted the right of the Judge to oc
cupy the bench after the term had ex
pired, according to his interpretation.
Taking the bull by the horns, so to
speak,- Pickett entered the courtroom,
which was then on the corner of Clay
and Kearny streets, and just before
the Justices filed out of their chambers
to take their, places on the bench? he
fairly and squarely squatted himself
down in the chair about to be occupied
by the Judge whose seat he disputed.
The Judges entered the courtroom led
by the Chief Justice, TV. ,T. Wallace,
and to their utter astonishment found
this citizen reformer in the seat. Judge
Wallace looked amazed and,' calling the
court crier, inquired what It all meant..
Pickett answered for himself, and in
formed the Judges that he had Just
as much right to a seat on the bench
as Judge Blank, whose term had ex
pired by limitation of law.
Pickett was removed by force and
an order was Instantly entered^commit
ting him to the custody of the Sheriff
to be confined in jail pending the fur
ther order of the court. The self-in
stalled "Judge" was -escorted to the
Broadway Jail, whire he remained for
three years, until 1880, when the new
constitution abolished the then exist
ing Supreme Court. It was one of the
last acts of the defunct court to lib
erate Pickett. The old man died short
ly after, never having changed his
mind as to his right as an American
citizen. * "•-'
What was virtually a life, imprison
ment for contempt of court stands
among the decisions of our Supreme
Court. The case 'and its consequence
grew out of, a citizen's interpreting the
constitution in contravention to that of
the Supreme Court.
At the time alluded to a vacancy oc-
His Inalienable Right.
Hiram, "that the time ha* now arrived
when it is not only possible but prac
ticable tu make a successful flying
machine *iat cannot fail to be of enor
mous value to the country as a mili
tary engine. • I have determined once
j more to take up the subject and con
tinue my work until a successful flying
machine is a 'fait accompli.' "
-"but compared with five years ago there are consider
ably more than twice the number of horses and mules,
and considerably more than three times the number of
cattle." y
It appears from all these/reports that Cuba would be
all right were it not for her politicians, and perhaps a
similar statement might be made of a good many other
countries.
PENNSYLVANIA PIPES.
THK SANv T RANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY,- APRIL ,22 -190^
THE SAM FRAN CISCO G ALLu
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, 'Proprietor-. .-. ... ... . .Address All Commgnicationsl to JOHN , HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Oflico <^gi^fc> • Third and Market Streets, S. P.
FRIDAY ;...........: ..I..;,..::.;....*:....:. ... ..^.;..; ............... APRIL 23. "1904
i Judging: from pictures of the bulldog -prize-winners in
the dog show, merit ' runs in inverse ratio' to good looks.;;,
. Townsend's California Glace tciilts and
choice - candles. In - artistic fire-etched
boxes.- A nice present for Eastern friends.
715 Market street cboye Call building. •
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8Dr. Melville B.*Estes has resumedithe
practice : of f medicine ' and- surgery • at *- 2 1
Powell street. . ,¦"'¦¦¦'.¦ '/"-¦"*-'
Frank J. Kane, secretary of a local
society for the prevention of vice, ap
plied to the Superior Court yesterday
for an order directing Mrs. Jennie Ri
der, formerly Jennie Stretch, to ap
pear and show cause why she has
failed to pay him $15 a month for the
support of her child, Jennie Stretch,
who is one of Kane's numerous wards,
She was ordered to pay that Bum
when Judge Murasky appointed Kane
guardian of the girl. Judge Mura&ky
issued the order asked for. by Kane'
and Mrs. Rider will appear -• before
him April 27. f '.
Kane Wants Mother to Pay.
Truant ; Officer* Floyd "reported yes
terday that, acting under ¦ instructions
from President Ronco'vieri.^heV had
visited' the fruit canneries and canning
factories for. the purpose "of enforcing
the J compulsory education - law ¦ among
thei children who work in -factories.
Floyd saw to ittthat;the,boys and girls
over ' 14 years of - age had cards ; show
ing that they are attending J; night
school, the cards r, being > punched f for
each nightly > attendance and counter-'
signed •> by.; the I teacher? and; principal.
Floyd says that he was afforded ; every
assistance by the proprietors of J the
canneries. ' .' ¦ , - , ,
Enforces -Compulsory raw.
A muslcale will be given in aid of
St. Brendan's Church at the home of
Mrs. Catherine Duggan?, 529 Harri
son street next Tuesday evening by
the ladies of SL Brendan"? booth. The
following programme r/ill be ren
dered:
Humorous «*lectlon». If. J. Hynea; barytone
•olo. Harry Wood Brown; violin solo, Grace
MuMer; vocal solo, selected Frank Thompson;
fancy danclne. J. J. O'Connor: soprano eolo,
VAf-s McHuch; rt citation. Miss Camllle Blye;
selection* by the Garden City quartet; vocal
solo, Mr. McBrlde.
Th«» committee of arrangements is
as follows:
Miss Emeric E. Fitzpatriek, Mrs. C. Durgmn,
Mrs. P. Berterdin. Mrs. A_ J. Scandrett, Mls»
{?. Fltzoatrick. Mrs. F. W. Connolly. Mrs.
Crlbea. Mr* Ullderbracht. Mr*. A. Telfor,
Mrs. R. Welch. Misx MeHuch, Miss A. Mc-
Donald. Mrs. Q. O. Abrahamaon.
Talent committee — Mrs. P. \V. Connolly, Mrs.
Ecandrett, Miss Emeric B. . Fltziiatrlck.
Clever Entertainers Have Reen Se
cured by Talent Committee for
the .Event.
WOMJ5X OF ST. BREXDAVS
CHURCH ARRANGE MUSICALE
T. L. Heaton, deputy superintendent
of schools, quietly left the city last
week and on Tuesday was marrred to
Miss Carrie Gilmore at the bridejs
home in Eureka. Mr. Heaton and
his bride returned to this city yester
day and the popular official was hear
tily congratulated by his co-workers.
T. L. Heaton - Married.
IMPROVEMENT CLUB TO MEET.— A
meeting of the North-of-the-Park Improvement
Association will be held to-night at 8 o'clock
at Protection Hall. Shiels building:, 32 O'Far
rell street. ¦ . •«.
At yesterday's meeting of the board
5f managers of the California Society
31 the Sons of the American Revolu-
Uon the following delegates were
Mectf»d to the next annual congress of
the National Society of the Sons of
American Revolution to be held
!» PL Louis, Mo., on June 15 and 16,
1904: Delegate at large. Hon. Wil
>iam Mitchell Hunker; delegates, Col
>nel A. D. Cutler. Alexander. G. Eells.
Taptain E. T. Allen. Zenas U. Dodge,
Joseph W. Hume, Livingston Jenks,
T.eorge E. Hall, William. S. Boggs.
Prank L. Brown. Philip B. Bekeart;
ilternates, O. D. Baldwin, William J.
Dutton, Tloy T. Kimball. John Mc-
Henry, Mil's Standish, Jay R. Munsell,
Robert T. Brown, Loring G. Xesmith,
I'r^orjre C. Sargent. Walter G. Haw ley
md Thomas McCaleb.
Sons of Revolution l>eleffat<*s.
A new-council of Knights of Colum
bus will be instituted in San Jose next
Sunday, April 24. Four hundred mem
bers of the San Francisco and Oak
land councils will leave Third and
Townsend streets on a special train at
8:30 o'clock Sunday morning. On ar
riving at San Jose the Knights will
march to St. Joseph's Church, where
solemn high mass will be celebrated.
In the afternoon the new. council will
be instituted and the degree work will
be exemplified by Oakland Council. A
banquet will be tandered the- visiting
Knights by San Jose Council.
The committee In charge for Ran
Francisco Council will be composed of
Edward J. Dollard, James B. Duffy
and James R. Keith. Frank M. Cere
ni, Joseph Roseborough and J. Yorke
will constitute the Oakland commit
tee.
Four Unndx-cd Members Will Leave
San Francisco Sunday to Create
Oi-g^nizatton In San Jose.
KXIGHTS OP COLUMBUS
TO ' FORM NEW CODXCIIi
Saturday, June 11, < was set for com
petitive examinations. Those desiring
to enter will begin their labors at 9
o'clock in the morning of. that day in
the -Girls' High School. Aspirants
from the country will be allowed to
take the oral examinations in the
evening of' June 11 and on Monday,
June 13, "oral examinations will be
given to residents of the city at 9
o'clock in the morning, 1:30 in the af
ternoon and 7:30 in the .evening.
Miss Elsie B. Leale, a graduate of
the University of I California, class of
1903, was - granted a high school cer
tificate to teach. <-
Miss Helen M.* Hoga.n and Miss Nellie
L., Barrett were allowed renewals of
their grammar grade certificates. ¦
Permanent grammar school'certifi
cates were ordered issued to Mrs. Alice
Malline Banta. (formerly Miss 'Alice
Malline) and Mis3 M. A. McLean, they
both being holders of California life
diplomas. ;" •?- J' ;'¦ . .
. The previous leave of absence grant
ed I Mary E. Hull, Ta^teacher in : the La
fayette Primary . School, was extended
to June 11 on ¦ account of contUiued ill
ness". . , .- ;
The proposition was referred to the
building committee with power to en
ter into the deal if it is deemed advis
able.
If the Board of Education accepts the
proposition of Mrs. English, the
Chinese school on Clay street will have
a three-story modern brick building.
That fact was demonstrated yester
day afternoon when a communication
from Mrs. English, the owner" of the
property, was read at the meeting of
the board. The offer carries with it a
proviso that the building will be erect
ed upon the basis "of a guaranteed lease
for five years at, a rental of $80 per
month.
Mrs. English Submits Propo
sition to Put Tip New
Building for Mongolians
The ammunition used In the recent tar
get practice has been proven bad. and a
court-martial Is liable to result. The Gas
Range never misses fire If purchased
from S. F. Gas and Electric Co.. 415 Post.*
CHINESE MAY
GET A SCHOOL
Mrs. Bertha Seal^s 61 121 Folsom
street reported yesterday at the' Cor
oner's office that her husband, James
Seals, an engineer, had been missing
since April 12. On that date/he.re
turned to this city from Nanaimo on
the steamer Titania and was not seen
by any of his friends after he landed.
Engineer Seals Disappears.
Scenic Treasures of California. Most
complete souvenir book ever Issued:
Price 75c. "Mexican Hand Carved Sta
tionery?* 50c per box. Sanborn, Vail &
Co./^41 Market street. \ *
Charles Stewart, a judgment creditor
of the estate of Philip Caduc,' the re
cently deceased yachtsman, does not
want Mary Caduc, widow of deceased,
to receive a family allowance out of
the estate. In an affidavit filed yes
terday in opposition to her petition he
asserts that the estate is not sulncient
ly large to satisfy its creditors and the
demands of Mrs. Caduc. •
Opposes Caduc's Widow.
Madame Sembrich is to give two con
certs at the Alhambra Theater, one- on
Thursday evening. May 5, and one on
Saturday afternoon, May 7.
During the recent Conreid opera sea
son in New York the favorite lyric
soprano made her usual impression
upon the critical musical audiences of
the great metropolis. Madame Sem
brich appeared in Italian opera, and in
such works as the ever popular "Rigo
letto" and "Fille du Regiment" Bhe sus
tained her reputation as one of the
foremost operatic artists of the day.
The madame is to sing at the musical
festival, at DaJlas.^Tex., after which
she will leave for California. >-'
' Besides the two concerts in this city
Madame Sembrich will give but one
other song recital in this State, which
will be in Los Angeles. The sale of
seats will begin next Thursday morn
ing. April S, at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
The Country Never Looked Better.
The heavy rains of the last two months made
California more; than beautiful. There is no
prettier ride than through Marin. Santa Hosa,
Russian River and Uklah valleys, which may
be taken next Sunday. April 24, on the excur
sion to Uklah. Fare for the round trip only $2.
Leave Tiburon ferry at 8:30 a. m. and Ukiah
on the return at 5p: m. Tickets are now on
pale at office of California Northwestern Ry.,
C50 Market st Chronicle bldg. 1 ; and Tiburon
ferry. " . ri, . ' *
Madame Sembrich Coming:
'Fresh From Her Recent
Triumph in Gotham^
FAMOt4? VOCALIST. WHOSE
SWEET VOICE WILL SOON BE
HEARD IX THIS CITY.
Boyd left a will devising his entire
estate to Jean McGregor Boyd, whom
he declared to be his wife. She was
only devised a life interest in the es
tate, the property^ upon her death to go
to the two sons.
In the meantime Mrs. Hollowbush
remained in Philadelphia. She held no
communication with the Boyds and in
consequence the capitalist and his fam
ily, which consisted of his wife and two
tons, George Davis Boyd and Henry
St. Clair Boyd, were greatly surprised
when in March, lSST^she arrived in San
Francisco and called upon the capital
ist- "What took place at the inter
view between Boyd and the womar*
from whom at that time he had been
divorced forty years is not known, but
it resulted in the signing by Mrs. Hol
lowbush of a document declaring that
she was not the wife of Alexander
Boyd and that for the sum of $3500 she
waived any claim she might have
against him or his estate. Then she
returned to Philadelphia, and was not
heard of again until a year after
Boyd's death, which occurred in Feb
ruary, 1903. Then she startled the fam
ily by appearing, through Lloyd &
Wood and Bishop, Wheeler & Hoeffler,
as the widow of Boyd. She asked to
have his entire fortune distributed to
her ss his widow, claiming that she
was the victim of a fraudulently ob
tained divorce.
FORGETS FIRST WIFE.
Alexander Boyd was one of the pio
neers of California. He came here in
1S48, bringing with him his young wito,
who, when he married her in New
York in 1811, was a Margaret Ander
son. They located in Sacramento.
Differences arose and on November 1C,
1S57, Boyd secured a decree of divorce.
Fifteen days after the decree was
granted Mrs. Boyd became the wife of
Henry Hollowbush, and after a short
time went with him to Philadelphia,
leaving behind the son born of her
union to Boyd. In 1S91 the son died,
leaving two children, who are at present
in New York, and who, under their
grandfather's will, are each left $200 a
month for a period of 125 months.
Nothing was heard of Mrs. Hollow
bush, and Boyd, who, in January, 1862.
had married Jean McGregor, remained
here and by careful investment amass
ed a large fortune, purchasing blocks
of realty in this city in what is now
known as the wholesale district, and
also buying lands in various parts of
the State. He also invested in gilt
edged securities, with the result that in
a few years he was considered, one of
the wealthiest San Francisco capi
talists.
Margaret Hollowbush, the former
wife of 'Alexander Boyd, who, when the
capitalist died, came forward and tried
to claim his $1,500,000 estate on the
ground that Boyd had fraudulently ob
tained a divorce from her more than
forty years ago, is not and never was,
the widow of Boyd and therefore is not
entitled to any portion of his estate.
Boyd's only widow Is Jean McGregor
Boyd, to whom he was married in this
city In January, 1862. five years after
he obtained a divorce from the woman
who is now Mrs. Hollowbush, and who
became Mrs. Hollowbush fifteen days
after the decree of divorce was grant
ed. The decree was not fraudulently
obtained, and therefore Mrs. Hollow
bush's claim amounts to nil. These
facts are set forth in a -decree of par
tial distribution of the Boyd estate to
Mrs. Boyd prepared by Attorneys Gar
ret McEnerney and G. H. Mastick, le
gal representatives of Mrs. Boyd, and
signed yesterday by Judge Coffey. Thus
ends one of the most sensational ac
tions ever commenced in the local Pro
bate Court, a very tame finish consid
ering the amount of money involved
and the prominence of the parties con
cerned. Mrs. Hollowbush once ac
cepted $3500 for her signature to a
waiver of all the claims she might have
against Boyd. Rumor has it that she
has accepted a slightly larger sum for
her withdrawal in the present pro
ceedings, but the rumor is unconfirmed,
the attorneys in the case refusing to
discuss the matter.
BOYD A PIOXEER.
District Attorney Byington denied
that there had been any agreement or
understanding with any witness that
he or, she should not appear and testify
at the trial of the defendant.
The Judge said he would" take the
matter under advisement till Tuesday
morning.
The preliminary examination* of Mrs.
Cordelia Botkin on a charge of causing
the death of Mr?. Ida Henrietta Deane
at/Dover, Del., . in August, 1898, by
sending a box of poisoned candy to
Mrs. Elizabeth Dunning, Mrs. Deane's
sister, was concluded [ before Police
Judge Conlan yesterday morning. The
Judge will render. .his decision- on a
motion to. dismiss made by the "defend
ant's attorney on Tuesday morning.
The witnesses examined for the pros
ecution yesterday were Professor
Thomas Price, who made an analysis
of the poisoned candy; A. C. Rdselle,
who found a piece of the seal that had
peen on the candy 'box, and W. -W.
Barnes, clerk at the Victoria Hotel.
This concluded the case for the prose
cution.
Attorney Clark for the defend
ant said he would submit the case, but
would make a motion to dismiss on the
grounds that the complaint was sworn
to on information and belief; thaf it
had been disclosed during the proceed
ings that certain witnesses had testi
fied on the understanding that they
would not be called upon to repeat
their testimony bef ore ' a " jury on the
trial of the defendant, and tnat the
evidence was insufficient to hold the
defendant.
Police Judge Conlan Will
Render His Decision on
Points Made, on Tuesday
Judge Coffey's Signature
to Distribution Decree
Ends a Sensational Case
DEANE HEARING CLOSED
EUMOES OF COMPROMISE
Attorney for Mrs. Cordelia
Botkin Submits His Case
, Without Aid, of Witnesses
Court Rejects the Claim
of Margaret Hollo'wbiish to
the Big Estate of Capitalist
MRS. JEAN BOYD
IS TRUE WIDOW
OFFERS MOTION
FOR DISMISSAL
- ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ .'
THE, SAN FRANCISCO CALI^ ; FRIDAY, APRIL • 22, 1 904;
EMINENT SONG
BIRD WILL TRILL
IN THIS CITY
9
NEW &DVEETISEMENTS.
A SA9T rSAZTCXSCO PHYSICIAN
Dses Herpicide Succesff nlly In Treatiasr
Sycosis oi the Ecard.
He saye: "I recently treated a case of
•ycosis (similar to 'barber's itch') of the
lower lip. with Newbro's Hrrpicide.
There was an extensive loss of beard,
with Inflammation extending well down
on the chin. The result of the applica-
tion of Herpicide was most gratify-
ing. The loss of beard ceased and a
r;ew growth of hsir is now taking place
itver the once inflamed area.
••(Signed.) Melville E. O'Xeill. M. D..
"S45 Howard St..
"San Francinco. Cal."
H* - ptcide kills the dandruff germ and
permits the hair to grow abundantly.
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for samples to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR IA
for Infants and Children.
fhe Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /~pf Z/Stf-J-^p-*
Signature of C^»>^^/%^^/
r) visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
pUSEUfH OF fififlTOHY*
T Cf " rtt * i-Arpeit Autofc.al Mmeum ia the \
A /*V- \Vo«.d v* *«kr.e*vefc or Any ccfnractrd n
A t^t*\. DR. JOROAN-D'SEASES CF MEN A
A I l>Vf H TriMtmmt p»r»oc»l!jf or by truer. A ff
Y t flr T| H AmUm Ourt m mij o- e«jDi)rn«ke». Y
A F K uA Write f<w B-ok. pbil6»op nv.f A
V • if it" BlnBUbr.. MAtLKB hf.Lt. (if
X Q {}, «iMbl( book (or aw) \
r DO. JOBDA5 * CO.. 10S1 Market ••I..S. F. V
#% |||l 0^ Ammunition. H unttn* and
I » E ill! V ¦ Goo<i». i-*rr«t
I -r R B CVB *tocV. Lowest j rlc«*. b«n<l
1>1 SlBal icr rauilcrue.
UytC \J t-HREVE & BARBER CO..
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
Take Notice!
$1000
in prizes given away
FREE at our store
next week.
SGOTCH
PLAID
TAILORS
1009 Market: St
PATTOSIEN'S.
EDA'ARD SPEAR & 0., Auctioneers
At PATTOSIEN'S
To-Day, Friday and Saturday
AUCTION
BEDROOM FURNITURE,
DINING-ROOM FURNITURE,
PARLOR FURNITURE,
BRASS AND IRON BEDS,
CARPETS AND_CURtA|NS.
PATTOSIENS
.Cor. 16th and Mission, Sts.
HOTELS AND RESORTS: '
(New)HOTELBUTtER
\ SEATTLE.
REMODELED AND REBUILT : - at expeoaa
Of $260,000— New Management— ENTIKEH"
FIREPROOF. • -. ?-:::...
LOCATION— Very accessible to street, car
lines, theaters, : etc. EUROPEAN PLAN. -
223 ROOMS with > LUXURIOUS ' BATHS-^
Several . private rooms in ¦ antique decorations,
Turkish Baths in Hotel. - - . -
UNSURPASSED '. RESTAURANT, ; D« Stel.
eer, Chef, . formerly • of Waldorf-Astoria and
ehef to Prince of Wales. ...".-' ; ---¦- J ,
: HOTEL . ORCHESTRA: .Telephone Connec-
tions in every, room; long ¦ distance connections
made. with any part ot the coast. .¦..-" ••; : '¦<."•¦¦ ->
Wire* for reservations, 'at ours expensa. >¦<?;¦
HOTEL BUTLER. Seattle.^ Wash.
tooUrcx DON'T FAIL TO
laiatV ie« tht ' b^trtifnl
- COURT. - Lounging
Jlfisl room, th« EMPIRE
*f» J PALM ROOM,f tHo
lTf/.fid LOUI81XY4PAR:
O . i - DIES' WRITINQ
Hotels r p om -
AMTJgEMENTa
MAJESTIC TEATER
Phone South 452.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
MAT. SAT. at 2:15.
ISABEL IRVING 1
In Winston Churchill's Great Play.
"THE CRISIS"
Box Office open 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ft 1111901 Bi S.MI FEASOSCO'J
itfllSBi?! IEADI.1B THIAIEI
THIS WEEK AND NEXT WEEK.
Nightly, including Sunday — Matinee Saturday,
Mr. Fred Nlblo Politely Proffers the
And Big Co.; in Geo. M. Cohan's musical farce.
BTXHNXKG FOB OP«CE.
Next Wednesflay— Seats Ready for
ROGERS BROTHERS. .
CALIFORNIA
fa 1AST TWO NIGHTS. Ihk
America's Greatest Actress,
ROSE COC3-1II_iA.1T M
In Her Latest and Best Success, M
THS GBSATS8T THI1M IS THB WORLD I
* 3SXTKA — NEXT SUflDATf Q
Sam S. Shubert and Nixon & Zimmer- 1
man present tlrrir Musical Comedy g
--'' Novelty, B
' jL QIBXi FSOM DIXIE H
By Harry B. Smith, authof of "Robin m
IHooq." The Original New York Madi- H
' sen Square Theater Co. 60 Singing E
Artists — CO. Big Beauty Chorus — 16 H
Stunnln*; Show Girls— Great Double B
m Male Quartet. Better than "The ¦
Chaperons.". . .. ¦ . _^_J
A T /I A FT A T^ Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR .tfBTSK .'
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
Evg.,"25c to 7Gc; Mats. Sat. & Sun., 25c to 50c
The Frisky Mrs. Johnson
' CLYDE FITCH'S SATIRICAL/COMEDY.
NEXT MONDAY, The Famous Comedy,
<OOtb week of the . jup , VC1V C\ (|WV
ALCAZAR STOCK CO. *»E W E " VLU " "•
FRIDAY. APRIL 29. SPECIAL MATINEE,
Margaret Wycherly
In Wml Yeats 1 "LANn OF HEARTS DE-
' - SIRE" and "THE HOURGLASS." ? -
.. . --• ¦ . • ¦ - •¦ !/., • -. . .
Market Street. Near Eighth— Phone South 633
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
The Greatest of All Naval Dramas, .
The White -Squadron
Mammoth' Production! } Magnificent Scenery!
¦ Gorgeous Costumes' .
; 150^-PEOPLE IN CAST— 150
Brtiliant Spectacle of the Congress of the-
- r Na\'les! :-.. '--;
Sailors of All Nations!
Uncle .Sam's Matchless Jack Tars!! .
PDIfCC Evenings.;... .....10c to 60c
rnltL5 Matinees..; .......10c. 15c, 25c
Next— THE STILL ALARM. - '
ALHAMBRA_THEATER.
JONES*AND EDDY STS. .'
TO-NIGHT — LAST TIME.
Gorgeous and Spectacular Production of -
SH AFTER HOWARD and W. H. CLIFFORD'S
Two- Act Musical Comedy, •
His Rpyal Nibs
• GRAND CHORUS OF 70 PEOPLE.
ORCHESTRA" OF '20 PIECES.
: For the Benefit of ths^l
CALIFORNIA WOMEN^S HOSPlf ALv
"Reservations and Tickets on Sale at Sherman
& Clay's Music Store,. Itmrny and Sutler au. ,
-^ -. , . PRICES— BOc to (2. -.-.. ¦ '.-
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL
RECREATION PARK.
¦.Eighth and Harrison streeta.
OAKLAND ys^TACOMA
TO-DA Y J ; . '. ".".¦.".. V.V ............ .13 :30 p., ml
• SATURDAY ... . r. . .'. . .".. :. . . 7. . r. . r.3 p. 1 m.
¦ SUNDAY ;. .". . . . T . . . : . .". . .' . . . .' . . : .2 :30 p. m.
'./:-. :., f;- LADIES'; DAY; TO-DAY.? ; ,
. • Advance Sale of Seats at 5 Stocktoa ¦ ' it» . . • . ,
AMTJSimCEins.
WHAT YOU WAKT
AND WHAT YOU GET
ARE TWO DIFFERENT THINGS
1 But remember. In - ,
| CHOW CHOW. ]
You get at a popular prfce aa admirable cast,
RICHARD F. CARROLL,.
JOHN P. KENNEDY.
NELLIE LYNCH. * O'
Our Tremendous Chorus. Magnificent Cos*
tumes and Beautiful Stare _ Effects.
NOTE— Thursday. April 2S. y THEATER
PARTY OF THE A. O. F. J,
II V V/L.!-HOUS£.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Last Three Nights.
Millocker's Dellffhtful Comic Operk-^,.. -
M BEGINNING
MONDAY
EVENING.
npnA in GRAND
RFRRAR bevivau
ULUUHU WHEN JOHNNY
STUDENT MARCHIIMC^HOME
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES— 25c. BOc. 70c
Box and Mezzanine Seats, $1.00.
VAUDEVILLE SPELLBINDERS
Wilfred Clarie.and Company; Ethel Ite?.
v«y (Mrs. Oeorare M. Cohan) ; Tony Wil-
son and Selolse; Kile. Amoros. asilrted
by Mile. Charlotte; 4 Mortons and
Orphetun Motion Picture*, showinff a
complete reprodnctioa of the
OPERA OF " FAUST."
tart times of Edmund Day and Company:
The EUls-STowlan Trio and Flo Adlef.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c. 2jj
,ftnd 50c. . -,--
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
. ONLY NINE NIGHTS MORE.
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW MATINEE
/ AND NIGHT.
ECLB AZTB DILL
BABHDY BEB2TABD
WIKriEI.I> BLAKE
MATTD2 AtTBEB
HOPE ANT> E3I2ESO5
hoifPtoity
' Sunday Matinee Men.. Tues.. Wed., Niirhts
"FIDDLE-DE-DEE:" Thurs.. Fri. Sat. NI*ht*T
and Sat. Mat.. "WHIRL-I-GIG" and "BIG
LITTLE PRINCESS."
; PRICES— 15c, 23c. BOc. 73c.
A GREArSHOW
Every Afternoon and Eveaia* ia the '
Theater. .
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MINIATURE ELECTRIC RAILROAD
Esmeralda and Her BABY MONKEY in ' the
. Zoo. •
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
.INSPECT CABARET LE LA MORT.
TAKE A FLOAT DOWN THE FLUME.
Admission. , 10c; Children, 5c.
When Phoning: Ask for "The Chutes."
Racing Igf§Ii^(lacii)T>
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. V~* '.
Racine Each Week t>« Rain or Shia*.
Six or More Races Daily.
- Races commence at 2: IS p. m. sharp. :
'¦ For special trains stopping at the track take - -
6. P. Ferry, loot of Market street, at 12. I3:3o.
1:00,' 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoklnc in last tw»
cars, which art reserved tar ladles and their
«*corta.'VMB | iflNHVNBBBnB*3|PV a^|W%KpBH
Raturnins - trains leave ' track at * : 10 and '
4 :45 and Immediately ' after the last race.
• THOMAS H. WILLIAMS." PnaldcaL
PERCY W. TREAT. S«cr«tary- - .
,BAJ A CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bittern
IB A UKKAT-iUESTUitATlV.fi. INVIGOKa.
tor j and ; Nervine. ¦ - , ¦ ?"
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic ' for . the Sexual . Organs, - for ; both sexes. • -
••- The : Mexican Remedy for . Disease* , of , ta«
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells onits own mertta.
: N ABER. ALFS ft " BRUNS."' Agants. ¦
,823 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
T7ZEKLY CAI-Lj-?l.o6>EB. YEAS.
Miss Alice M. Smith, of Minneapolis,
Minn., tells how woman's monthly suffering
may be quickly and permanently relieved by
Uydia R Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
**1)eab Mes. Rn-kila.m: — I have never before give,n my endorse-
ment for any medicine, but Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound has added so much to my life and happiness that I feel like
making an exception in this case. For two years every month I would
have two davs of severe pain and could find no relief, but one day when
visiting a friend I run across Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, — she had used it with the best results and advised me to try it
I found that it worked wonders with me ; I now experience no pain and
only had to use a few bottles to bring^about this wonderful change. I
use it occasionally now when I am exceptionally tired or worn out." — -
Miss Alice iL Sanra, 804 Third Ave., South Minneapolis, ]^^^^^"^ Chair-
man Executive Committee Minneapolis Study Club.
Beauty and strenprth in women vanish early in life because of
monthly pain or some menstrual irregularity. Many suffer silently
and see their best jrifts fade away. JLydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound helps women preserve roundness of form and
freshness of face because it makes their entire female organism
healthy. It carries women safely throu&rh the various natural
crises and is the safeguard of woman's health.
The truth about this great medicine is told in the letters from
tvooicn published in this paper constantly.
Mrs. C. Kleinschrodt, Morrison, III., says: —
£. **Dear Mrs. Pi>*kham: — I have suffered ever
since I was thirteen years of age with my menses.
>ff^^Kf|lW Tk p y """ere irregular and very painful. I
doctored a gTeat deal but received no benefit.
re?i T&lsV " friend advised me to try Lyd ia E.
\*<i'~^\ *~ m *-v$£f Pfnkham's Vegetable Compound, which I
raw <^i WW did, and after taking a few bottles of it, I found
j^fsJHi *^ ff ff reat re^ e^
C£ft§fto£ft C£L r "Menstruation is now regular and without
ftgjcgjg|gV /"^ Jj V^u*- 1 2? 1 enjoying better health than 1 havs
t^=^J«^?^^^^*rv for sometime."
I PSltrffnTntm How is it possible for ns to make it plainer
I I llli\lll I TO ttat L 3rdia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
' I jll' I 1 pound will positively help all Bick women ?
Ill All women are constituted alike, rich and poor,
I / high and low, — all buffer from the same organic
' troubles. Surely, no one can wish to remain weak
and sickly, discouraged with life and without hope for the future, when proof
is ho unmistakable that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound: will
cure monthly suffering- — all womb and ovarian troubles, and all the ilia
peculiar to women.
FORFEIT 1* we cannot forthwith prodae* th« orWrtnal letten and slgc*tcret of
\ l. ill «>bov« tcstixiocisls, which will prore their absolute renainenes*.
VCUUU Ljdl» U. I»inkhj»m Medicine Co., tyna, Mui.
¦ '.:,-. PBACrZBS.
DC OVIlllvllllllg 1/V/lllg a
at Pragers I
Don't Miss It. I
JcowPRHp^ B^8 Err3 HMJL I j|U BgcW PBw t^" v
ijm^ ALWAYS RELIABLE I *
1 A 1238- 1250 JVtARKET ST.o^s g L
-'-: ; ¦ , • . . i . XST. LOUIS. April 21.— Kid Goodman
of Boston secured the decision at the
end of the twentieth round of hia
flght to-night with Aurelio Herrera of
California.
Herrera Loses to Goodman.
Philadelphia 3 9 4
Batteries — Powell and McGulre;.WaddelI and
Schreck. .-•/¦¦.
ST. LOUIS. April 21.— The St. Louis-Cleve
land-American League game postponed; wst
grounds. 1
AMERICAN LEAGUE. > 'Vt->
PHILADELPHIA. April 21.— The Amerlcaa
League season opened here to-day "with a
twelve-Inning game won by the locals. Th*
game was a pitchers' battle in which Wad
dell excelled. The winnrnjr rnn was the re
sult of a double by Davis with two men out
and one on bases. Attendance, 13.500. Score:
R. H. E.
New York 2 3 0
Batteries — Plttlnger and Moran; Poole and
Bergen. Umpires — Moran and Zlmmer.
CHICAGO. April 21. — With a patched-up an<»
substitute team the locals won the opening
game to-day in a pitchers' battle. For seven
innings neither side did anything against tb«
good pitching. Attendance, 4S00. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 4 7 v*<
St Louis •".. 1 5 -N "
Batteries — Wicker and Casey; CXell and
Byers. Umpire — CDay. ' ,,-;» ; ~
the Philadelphia Team Win by
Twelve Runs to One.
XATIOXAL LEAGUE.
NETCV YORK. April 21.— The largest crowd
that ever attended a baseball game in thin
city witnessed the opening of the National
League stason to-day at th« Polo grounds with
a game between the Philadelphia and New
York teams. Attendance, C3.0OO. Score:
New York ...:. R i "4 E j
Philadelphia 12 ia 0
Batteries — Matthewson, Wilts* and Bower
man: Kraser and Dooin. Umpire — Emslie
PITTSBURG. April 21.— Plttsburg won tha
opening game at home by hitting Hahn for
two triples and three singles in the third in
ning. Errors and slow playing gave Clncin
nattl her runs. Attendance, 11,800. Score:
. R. H. E.
Pittsbiirg 6 7 3
Cincinnati : 4 •¦ ; 1
Batteries — Scanlan, Smith and Phelpa;
Hahn. Elliott. Peltz and O'N'eill. Umpire —
Jolmstone.
BOSTON, April 21. — Boston won a light
hitting game from Brooklyn to-day Cold
weather kept the attendance down to 1900
Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 5 4 2
Brooklyn 2 * '£
TWrty-Fhc Thousand Spectators See
RECORD ATTEXDAXCE VIEWS
OPENING GAME Of NEW YORK
The- young greyhounds will have* an
Innings at Ingleside Coursing Park on
Sunday when a sixteen-do? puppy
stake will form part of an Interesting
card. There are puppies by Youni?
America, Gold Hill, Rocker, Hot Stuff.
Lundln Links and others.
•The. remainder of the card will be
made up of ¦ a sixty- four-dog- open
stake. Owing to the length of the
programme, there being eighty courses
to run, the first brace of puppies will
go to the slips at 10 o'clock. The draw
last night resulted as follows:
SUteen-dojr puppy stake — Humboldt ts.
Black Lucy; Belvedere vs. Prosperity; Bright
Columbia vs. Yellowstone; Octavloua v». Tcung
McDonald; Lady Dorritt v«. Igniter; Silent
water v§. Little Buttercup; Fiddler xt. So
roc«;Good As Gold vs. Bluebeard
Sixty- four do? open stake— Tom' Harllck vs.
Concord Boy; Clobefell vs. Old Ironsides; Her
mit vs. Foxhunter; Medley vs. Pasha Pleas
ant: Irtsb'Lad vs. Warco; Ragtime vs. Brlrht
Fortune; Mickey Free vs. J. E. H.; "Royal
Friend vs. Black Coon; Helen Hayes vs Youn*
Johnny Rex;. Silver Clood vs. Game Bov;
Rasgred Actor vs. Ouida; Pure Pearl v» Star
Sylvanus: Adonis vs. Rusty > j%*^i£eii)»i.»me
vs. Sea LJon; Red Pepper va. Real One filar #^
Prometheus vs. Lord GranardrCommerrtal
Traveler vs. Colored Lady; Rose of Gold v*.
Princess Savoy; Firm Fellow vs. Yellow Tail-
Uttl* Lucy vs. Lord Brazen; Apple Blossom"
vs. Belfast: Dorothy M vs. Bob R; CrawfoM
Belle vs. Jerry Wright; Rich Argosy vs. Real
Pasha; Haughty Helen vs. Vina; Ors'.na vs
loung Klamath; Lily York vb. Thetis- Im
perious vs. Pepper Hill: Wattles vs. Coeetf-
5 qu f t SL. vs - Re « kle »» Acrobat: Idleness vs.'
Mark Twain: Frisky Boy vs. Maid of the Glen.
Kemainder of the Card Will
Be Made Up of a Six
ty T Four Dog Open Stake
ABE FASHIONABLY BEED
Sixteen Will 3Ieet in Puppy
dumber on Sunday at the
Ingleside Coursing Park
YOUNG HOUNDS
ARE TO START
DULUTH. : Minn... April 21.— C..J.v Johnson,
who , arrived ' to-day "i rom ; the" north V shore " of
l^al:e Superior after, a ¦ trying ; trip.'r reports that
the icefield at Ihe head of the lako extends fifty
milrs ' out ; rroni Duluth. : a" condition>'unprece
dented at' this time : of, year; •• ¦ ¦•. r, .
- : CAIiIi >; ¦UDBcrl'bers . - contemplating : ..'•
chanjre- 1 of . residence durinr the ] imnrner
months roan": have j their I paper ' forwarded
, by mail ' to their new address [ by . nottf 7
inz THE : CAIiIi Bnaineis : » Offloo.' • • Thli
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts I and Us ; represented 'i by a * local
fuc«at i« all town* ou the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR * THE SUMMER..
; OAKLAND; April " 2 1.— The Reliance
Athletic" Club at its annual meeting
to-night elected the following officers
and "directors: ' President, ".R.;M. Fitz
gerald;'vice president,- Felton: Taylor;
directors, P.. • J. Cadogan, ' Gl R." Lu
kens," W. B.' Fawcett, ; P. H. Rosen
helmi Paul *J. Schafer. Reports'show
edUhe club's' financial condition to" be
better than for years, the' standing
debt having been much decreased. Ex
tensive! improvements ! will, be made ¦¦ at
once, .including nhe Installation of
Turkish baths, .of the
plumbing ;^ and '. reconstruction:, of . the
interior, -throu'shout, '
Reliance Club Officials.
'Fifth race, five and a half furlongs,: selling—
Clalrs won, Sol Smith -second, t Potente third.-
Tl mo. 1:13. ¦:-•-.¦. ;• ¦..-¦,.,;..,.-
¦Sixth; race. one. and, a* sixteenth i miles 'sell-
Ing— Broodier won. Arnold K second,, Larry
Wilt, third. Time. 1:5.8%
First race, half a nille— Fay Templeton ' won.
Dotage second. The Doctress , third. .Time/ :53.
Second race, live and a half >¦ furlongs; sell-
Ing — Prlncef s Mac - won,", ". Cappaniore *•: second,
Bountiful third. Time, 1:13^... :;: v ¦'"<'.'¦
. Third race. ¦; six ' . furlongs, - selling— Emigre,
won Our Lily second.-, Alflo third. :•/" Time. 1:18.
- Fourth ., race. ; six « furlongs, '-¦¦ handicap — Har
makis . won. i Scorpio Vanness 'third.
Tlme,-l:17->i. : ' ¦.-¦ ' ; '¦¦:-,- ;•;_¦¦ ;..;
ST. LOUIS. Mo.'. April " 21.— Fair Groinda
i ' ""II 'i fiW-'W" F')>'>ijB}W><Ji|wKLM'WilB>ltilFi|iiiy||i|iiiiij
Racing at St. Louis.
- -: Miss Irene Palmer . delighted a large
audience ' last ; night at 'Steinway Hall
with a remarkably brilliant piano re
cital. -With consummate ease and rare
judgment i the 'i young lady; interpreted
Brahms, ;:Greig, - : Moszkowski, . Rubin
stein, '-.* Schumann, Dvorak and " half a
dozen other of the. most eminent'of the
masters. At the conclusion of. the
classic , programme ; Miss ) Palmer, was
awarded ;.with' loud plaudits and ¦; gor
geous ; floral "Itrlbutes.- V
Brilliant : Young Planiste.
. Fourth race, . the Cumberland Derby, '¦ $2500
added, one and an eighth miles — rtninlanrt won,
Ko tie Powers second, Cheboygan third. '.Timt-,
1:50^. ,. . ¦. :-¦=¦_ \-' ¦'¦ .
Fifth race, four . and ¦' a • half furlongs^—Re
naissance •. won. Lady ; Carly second, - Malvina
third. Time :57}4. .- . ;-,.* '
Sixth race, five and a' half. furlongs, selling—
Ohr.et won. Dolly Ray second,- Frank Kenny
third. Time, 1:11%. - >
• Third race, seven furlongs, -. selling — Chock
ayotte ' won. Mandamus » second, : * Cyprlenne
third. Time, .1:02. , •
NASHVILLE. April 21. — Cumberland . Park
results: :
First race, six furlongs — Big Ben won,
Poseur second, Allista third. Time, ' 1:17»,&.
Second race, four-' furlongs — Zinda 'won,
Woodclalm second. Flora Handsome • third.
Time, ¦ :51%. . ... : '¦ '.
Cumberland Derby for R« inland.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April
21.-^-It Is, probable, that Stanford will
be represented this year in the an
nual I intercollegiate field , day among
the < colleges of- the United States
which will be held this year on Sol
diers' field, Philadelphia. The matter
came up before the executive commit
tee of the Associated. Students, last
night and . received favorable consid
eration. A sutf-committee has 'been
appointed to investigate the matter.
'- .; Financial , aid has been promised by
the alumni of San Francisco in send
ing some of the Stanford athletes back
to "the meet. . If 'the" project carries
several of • Stanford's best - performers
will ' make , the trip. ' They would un
doubtedly make a creditable showing,
judging f font their work ' in the inter
collegiate field .day last Saturday.
Stanford Men May Go East.
The case of George Benes, charged
with the murder of ' his wife at the
Humboldt i House . on Stockton street,
was peremptorily set for trial' before
a .jury in Judge 'Dunne's court yester
dayi but 'when ; it. was called Attorney
Pohli asked that a commission be ap
pointed ¦ : to take testimony >¦' of wit-'
nesses in ; the town ¦ where defendant
was- born • in: Switzerland.- • It was al
leged that there "was insanity in the
defendant's family* . and he had been ' a
sufferer,? from'- mental . aberration. The
Judge took the -matter; under advise
ment: till this morning.
Commission Asked in Benes Case.
Fourth race — One mile, four-year-olds and
up, selling. „._
06C2 »Oro Viva (Fountain) 107
66C2 Mocorito (Wellman) 102
(6594)Handpress (Magrane) 11
6GT>9 *Idogo (McCafferty) 99
5305 tLittle Secret (Owl Stable) 10-
W&9 Merwan (Guthrie) 1W
6643 Kitty Kelly (Stanfield) • -10v>
tLos Anseles index 6584. "-'.};
Fifth race — Six furlongs, three-year-olds.
6041 Wiggins (McAllister & Co.) 9S
6657 The Lieutenant (Stover) «'
6656 The Bugaboo (Epplnger) !<*}
6C58 Andrew B. Cook (Stanfleld) 1<«
6627 Moalta (Shannon) • »»
6611 Brown Patsy (Morehouse) 100
6625 Rowena (Burns & Waterhouse) 98
.6641 •Ocyrohe (Coffey) 1J>J
6017 *Dungannon (KnebelkampV »¦»
. 6000 Scherzo (Pueblo Stable) 10b
6617 Lady Athellng (McLaughlin) 101
Black Braze (Allen) 100
C Sixth race— Mile and fifty yards, four-year
olds and up, selling.
6602 'Golden Light (McCafferty) • »7
6626 Solon (Ryan) J}S
6640 Cloche D'Or (Coffey) »»
C656 »Hermencia (Cahlll) - »•»
65T.9 Tom Slavln (Clifford) }««;
C650 Colonel Ballantyne (Fine) TCj
•Apprentice allowance.
PROBABLE WINNERS.
First race —^Toto Gratiot, Solinus,
Nonie. <\ •
Second race— Sileo, Cardinal Sarto,
Heredia. ¦ ' ; •
Third . race — Pickaway, Batielor,
Sweet Tooth.
Fourth race— Handpress, Oro Viva,
Kitty Kelly. j
Fifth race— Ocyrohe, Rowena, Wig
gins. v., v \
Sixth race— Golden light, Her
mencla, Tom Slavin. • i .
Sir. Wheelan made a powerful ap
peal for the support of the Juvenile
Court and the reclamation of the way
ward youth of the city, and Mrsl Mer
rill spoke for ,the children's depart
ment of the Associated Charities. In
the: absence of Andrew -M.t Davis, Mr.
Hale— read his paper dealing with
problems affecting the community of
San Francisco. I
At a meeting of those interested in
the progress of the Associated Chari
ties of San / Francisco, held in the au
ditorium of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association last night, addresses
were delivered by the president of the
organization, Osgood Putnam, Mrs.
John F. Jtferrill, Miss K. C. Feltori, C.
A. Murdock, R. B. Hale and Fairfax
H. Wheelan.
In her report Miss Felton dealt with
numerous matters pertaining' to . the
lives of 'the poor, the criminal and the
generally unfortunate.
Miss Felton said that tSose who had
studied the problems of charity real
ize that if the charity of any com
munity is to be effective 1 it must be ad
ministered by a central agency, with
its corps of experienced agents, to
whom cases of need can be sent in the
first Instance.
Alms and Purposes of the Associated
Charities of San Francisco /Are
Graphically Told.
ADDRESSES DELIVERED ON
THE INDIGENT OF CITY
. STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April
21.-— At a meeting of the members of
the varsity track team held this after
noon Harry Wesley Bell, '05, was
unanimously elected track captain for
next ye"ar. Bell is a student In the
department of mining engineering and
registers from Healdsburg.
The captain-elect is one of the most
popular men In college, in addition to
being a star man on the track team.
Before coming to Stanford Bell
achieved prominence as a member of
the Healdsburg High School track
team. While his best performances
this year have been in the high and
broad jumps,* Bell .won his "S" for the
first time in the pole.vault in his
freshman year. Last year he took a
place in* the high jump. in the inter
collegiate' meet and only this year has
he developed into a crack broad
jumper. With West, '06, he holds the
Stanford record for the broad jump
at 22 feet. 2% inches. In this year's
intercollegiate field day Bell tied with
Captain Cooley of Berkeley and Nor
man Dole of -Stanford for. first .place
in the high Jump and was beaten out
for first place In the broad jump by
only a half Inch/West of Stanford
winning.
Harry Wesley Bell ,W1U Ixsad the Car
dinal Athletes Next .Year.
STANFORD'S NEW CAPTAIX.
OAKSAyp BACETBACK— THURSDAY, April, 21.— Weather cloudy. Track good.
«OO3; FIRST RACE— Six furlong*; selling; 3-year-olds ;and up; value to first, *325.
Index Horn and. Owner. Wt St. • ft . %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl7
rI^ S ermtt v. 5 ( J - Lon «) ...•••'•••• 105 2 ... 1 6 2*1%2 2 ,1 % W. Narvaez 50 30
6590 Maraschino, B(E3.j; Bmlth).. 102 6 ... 3 h 1 £ 1 n 2 % Sherwood.. 20 20
T annh a u *er. 3 (Hayes & Co.) 100 11 ... 10 3 82-5^32 J. T. Shchn .4 9-2
"•.'"X ,- Pan Grav 'er, 4 (W.V.Becker) 107 4 ... 8*92 6 2(44.1 U J. Jones/... 4 .21-5
,^-on ii?, oroso - 4 <Appleby & Co.) . 107 3 .... 2 % 3 n " 3 n 52 Knapp . . /. 10 15
' C r hileno - a (Blasingame Bros.) 108 6 ... 7^4^4.1.62 F. ' Kelly.... 10 15
.°Z~ » Ion toya. ,6 (L. C. Schroder).. 102 9 ... 9 3 10 2 10 2 7 1 Fltzpatrick. ,30 50
5?.Ti p.assenzo. 6 (Walz-& Co.)... 102 1 ... 41 61>7%8% J. Lewis... 10 16
C<j48 Vasallo. 5 (Piedmont Stable). 107 10 ...116113113 9n T Butler... 10 20
bC45 Potentla, 4 (F. Tivin). .105 7 ... 61 6 2 8 1 10 2 Holbrook .. 4 7
;;;• ** ura t- 4 (G. Henderson)..... 110 8 ... 6 h. 7 % 9 1 11.% See ........ -8-2 11-10
6>>1S Jim Roberts. 5 (Watktns). .. . 102 12 -...12 12 12 12 McBride... ,50 100
Time— :24%. :4D>4. 1:16%; At post %' minute. Off at 2:14^.-. Kermlt, place, 12;; show, 5.
¦ ¦;. Maraschino, place, 8; show, 4. Tannhauser, show,' 4-5. - Winner br. g by Plccolo-
Alarcella. Trained by J. Long. Start fair. > Won in a drive of tour. -Kermltout
gamed Maraschino." Tannhauser should have won by himself Was off very badly and
later pocketed. Jean Gravier stumbled to his knees at the half-mile pole. 'Chlleno
quit. So did Baeeenzo. Vasallo no account. Potentla weakly handled. Murat will 1m
. prove....- ;¦ ¦ -_¦¦:¦; -• • v. - . ..- . -.. ¦ ¦ .. • ¦ • ¦ ¦-..\- \
0004. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; selling; 2-year-olds; value to first. $325. ..
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. }i '. %T %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op." Cl.
6047 Bill Short (A.- T. Dobson) . . . . 110 2 ... ... 12 11 11 See .<'...... -8-5 3-2
6016 Mogregor (Blanchl & Co.) 113 B' ... .\. 2 n '2 2 24 J. Jones.... 10 . r 15
_* Rubiana (E. B. Smith)..;.... 100 9 8 2 5 1- 3 »J Slnnott.... ,30. 60
601. Escobosa (Stewart & Co.).... 110 8 ... ... 0 3 4h 4 3 J. T. Shehn 4 ,'7
;.A^A i ron Kln S (Partington Bros.) 107 4 4 U 3 n 5 h Fltzpatrick 30 60
£iz dy Nln «>ra (J. B. Harris)... 104 7 ... 7 % C % 8 1% Holbrook .. 20 .16
Ct.4. Gloomy Gus (Magrane). ...... 105 3 ... ... 6^82 7 2^. Larsen .... '.4 4
CC52 M. A. Powell (M. Jones) 107 6 ... ... 5 Vt ~ Vi 8 H Otis ..:.... 7 13
Clll Tar Baby (J. Neil). 1(H 1 ....... 3 h • 9 3 . 9 4 . W. Knapp.. -7 =10
Cherry Bird (Mrs. Miller) .... 09 10 ...... 10 ,10 10 Hollander:. 30. 60
Time— :25. :50. At post V2 minute. Oft at 2:42~ Short, place 3-5; show, 1-3.".- Mogregor,
place 6; show, 5-2. Rubiana, show, 8. Winner, ch c. by Wood Moss- Gold Bangle.
Trained by W. Short. Start good. Won easily. Balance driving. Winner well handled.
Mogregor ran a clever race. Rubiana ran a nice race and should win soon. Escobosa
rece.ved a delightful going over. Gloomy Gus no epeed. M. A. Powell interfered with
In stretch by Iron King. »Los Angeles index 6489.
CC«5. THIRD RACE— One mlle'and 70 yards; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
l —.VL Horse and Owner. Wt St. %. ij. %. str. Fin. | Jockey. Op! oT
l %£fP J? abelllt «». * (McNamara)..... 104 3 5 3 4 3 1 n 1 n 1 2>£ W.~KnaTpT? liTo 5-2
««2 Canejo. a. (Kirk & Co.) 103 6.6n 7 4 « 2%5 4 2n Herbert ... 8 Vi
S old a (P. G. Lynch). 103 1 2 1^2 % 2 % 2 n 3 5 McBridft ... .10 10
OP'^o. 0 (R. W. Price) 104 4 4^31 3 2 3 1 4 n Larsen .... 1 1
C63« Theodora L. 4 (P. E. Smith) 100 8 8 5 2 4 14 % 5 3 JT Shehn 20 20
•5474 Invlctus. 6 (Mrs. Gabriel) 110 2 3n C n 7 5 7 3 6 5 j' Jones... 10 25
tiClo Mordenta, 4 (Nichols & Co.). 02 5 1 1 11^51.62 74 Sullivan ... 30- ttO
, t H. Clay Rye, a (F. Crysler).. 100 7 7 1 8 S '88 Fltzpatrick 10 60
Time-^?;. :50U. 1:1C»4, 1:42%. 1-.47U. At post V, minute.' Oft at 3:03%. Isabelllta,
place, 11-20; show. 1-4. Canejo. place. 4; show 2. Gold Finder, show 6-5' Winner,
br. m. by Rey El Santa Anita-Teodallna. Trained by S. Rafour. Scratched— Pat
Morrlssey. Start good. Won driving and going away. Next two . driving. Isabelllta
well ridden and best. Canejo closed strong. Gold: Finder ran his race. Optimo looked
beaten at head of stretch. JSlordenta had early speed. *Los Angeles index' 6576. i tLos
Angeles Index 6584. * I •* '¦¦-.-.
OOGO. FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth- miles; selling; 4-year-olds and up; first. $325.'
Index - Horse and Owner. Wt St. y/. ij. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6648 Ada N. 6 (Antrim Stable) 100 7 3 \ fi 1 3%3%l»i McBride ... 3 • 4'
6G30 Mont. Peeress, 5 (Mrs. Coffey) 100 2 2 3 1 h 1 % 1 hi 2 4 W Knapp.. 4 '23-5
6617 Mountebank, a (Keating) .... 107 B lh}21 21 4 n J 3 ns J.'jones.... 10 12
6640 Illowaho. 5 .(H. Stover) 110 4 5%4h 5 1 5 24n See ........ 3 18-5
6648 Virgie d'Or, 0 (Becker). ..;... 100 8 6 % S 6 2 % 4 5 % Holbrook .. 4 16-5
6637 Polonlus, 4 (Stewart & Co.). 110 1 4%3n4h 2n68 Larsen .... 4 7
6648 LouweUea. 5 (McCleary) 100 3 8 6%74 76 78 Sherwood .. . 20 40
6367 Outburst, a (Broughsman) 110 6717n8 8'8 J. T. Shehn 20 ,'20
Time— :25%. :5OV5, 'lilGU, 1:42%. 1:40. At post 2 minutes. Oft at 3:30. Ada place, 8-5;
show, 7-10. Peeress, place, 8-5; show, 4-5 Mountebank show 5-2. Winner b. m by
Herald-Santa Rosa. Trained by E. F. Fredrlckson. Scratched— Ripper ¦ Glissando Start
good. Won all driving. Ada N could have won a sprint, race this day' Peeress well
ridden. So was Mountebank. Illowaho has a "dickey" leg. , Holbrook ' on Virgie d'Or
race of his career. Polonlus quit. Outburst can do better.
OCO7. FIFTH RACH3 — Seven furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. y<~. %~! %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6526 Redwald. a (W. P; Magrane). 104 7 6 n 4 h 2 n 1 V, 1 ns Larsen 2 9^5
6662 Flaneur. « (Blanchi & McG.). 112 1 1 »J 1 1 1 1 2 n 2 % See ........ 6 7
6653 Rollick, 6 (M. Jones) 112 5 3n 8n 41 45 34 Otis'.. 6 7
6630 Ultruda 5 (Kirk & Co.) 104 2 2 1%2 n 3 1%3 h 4 2% Herbert ... 8 8
0319 Dandle Belle. 6 (Winter & J.) 107 4 4 1 3 % B 2%5 3 5 6 Heavner . . . 30 100
6640 Brlssac. 5 (J. J. Markleln) 103 3 B % 7 762 63 McBride ... 30 40
0639 Marello. 5 (J. Quinlan) 103 6 7 5 1%6 n 7 7 J.. Jones.... 4 4
6591 David S, 6 (W. L. Stanfield).. 112 Left ... ...... ... J. T. Shehn 5 15-2
Time— :25, :49*i. 1:15%. 1:29. At post % minute. Off 'at 3:54%. Redwald, place, 1; show,
1-2. Flaneur, place. 3; show. 6-B. Rollick, show. 1. Winner, ch. g. by Tenny-Red- '
worth Rose. Trained by W. P. Magrane. Scratched — Kickumbob, Hellae Shell Mount
Watklns Overton. Start bad. Won in a hard drive of three. Cut off at the start, Red
wald Bhowed to be far the best. .On Wednesday See waited- with Flaneur until to-day,
only to be. nosed out. looked a winner at one stage. Ultruda quit. Track too
cuppy for Marello.' '¦ •' "¦'¦•¦ '¦'-¦ ••'*.'¦¦•*
OGC8. SIXTH RACE — One' mile; pi\rse; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index j Horse and Owner. IWtSt. %. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6624 Divina. 5 (El Primero Stable). 101 4 4 6 4 2 4 1%4 2 1 % J. T. Shehn 1-2 7-10
6G56 Laocoon 3 (Mrs. Coffey). 100 3 31 8%lh 2h 2 1% J. Lewis. .. 10 11
66C0 Soothsayer, 4 (Wilkerson) 100 5 5 6 5 5' 3 ns W Knapp.. 8 . 15
6C38 Forest King. 5 (Jones & Co.). 110 2 11 1 % 3 T%3 % 4 4 Holbrook .. 5 5
6642 Ishtar. 5 (A. Josephs) 98 1 2 1 2 % 2 n 1 n 5 J. Jones.... 4 9.2
Time-^-:25U. :50»4, 1:16. I:42',4. At post % minute. Off at 4:23%. Divina, place, 1-3; ahow
out. Laocoon, place, > 3 ; show. 7-10.. Soothsayer, show, 8-5. Winner br. m by Bas
setlaw-Angelique. Trained by C. Winchell. Start good. Won all driving hard. Track
not hard enough for Divina.. which was hard ridden to nail Laocoon. Soothsayer- was
bumped at the start, losing several lengths. He finished very strong. Forest Kinjr
Cave it up. So did Ishtar. ;?
Joe Gans Defeats Bolen.
BALTIMORE.. April 21.— Joe Oans
of this city, the lightweight champion,
trained the decision over Sam Bolen of
Philadelphia to-night before the Eu
reka Athletic Club in a fifteen-round
bout. They fought at catch weights,
Bolen being much heavier than Gans.
Gans floored Bolen four times during
the bout and the latter on each occa
sion took the count.
NEW TORK, April 21.— One of the
bfeyest "killings- in the tast occurred
In the first race at Aqueduct to-day
when W. C Fessenden's Pass Book
won at odds of IS to 1, having been
backed down from 40 to 1. ;t is esti
mated Fessenden won between $25,000
and $30,000. Results:
Flrat race, selling-. Mven fario&n — p. s «
Boole won, EHa Snyder eecond. Martin third?
Jin>e. i:zs 1-6.
ti. <i *T nd r » c *« roa «- •»* * half rurlonr»—
T."? y :M C l\ "¦ SeCOa(1 ' Oair One
Third nc*. handicap, one mile— Lord Ba^re
r^'z-^. 01 * 11 Becon(1 ' liMtud thlnl. Time.
Fourth race, the Omone etakes. seUin* fonr
Kltth rac*. •citing-, six furlonca— Julia M
T-2* 3^°*** Becond ' Pom P«n° third. Tim"
Klxth race, six furlongs— Mamie Worth won
Buttons Becond, John F third. Time, lil2 3.5!
BOOKMAKERS ARE RELIEVED
OF A* HEALTHT BA>*KROLIi
Fight Promoter Accuses Snpcrrisors
of Tnraing Him Down in Grant
ing Professional Permits.
James Neil created a scene in the
Supervisors' Police Committee meet
ing yesterday and an adjournment was
ordered to suppress the utterances of
the belligerent fight promoter. The
trouble arose over the proposition of
the professional clubs to donate $250
to Mrs. McConnell, the mother of
Prank McConnell, who was seriously
injured at a boxing benefit
Neil said if the committee would
Ktvt his organization, the Pacific Club,
the June professional boxing permit he
would give Mrs. McConnell the pro
ceed* of the exhibition. In which his
eon would be the star attraction.
Neil then accused the Police Com
mittee of turning him down in his
applications for boxing permits and of
"standing in" with the other clubs.
Supervisor Ergers resented the re
mark, but Neil would not subside, al
though Sergeant at Arms Anderson
¦used all his persuasive powers to in
duce him to do so.
>T3I> CREATES A SCENE
BEFORE POLICE C030IITTEE
Friends Advise Him to
Bustle Opponent About.
, Reducing His Cleverness
Sam McVey, the colored giant from
Oxnard, will make his debut in this
city to-night at Mechanics' Pavilion,
under the auspices of the Shasta Club,
In a bout with Jack Johnson. . McVey
has been looked upon as a champion
ship possibility for some time, but
Johnson, with his wonderful dexterity
with the gloves, has been a stumbling
block in his way. He cannot knock out
the brunette beauty from the beet dis
trict, but he has'on two occasions out
pointed him. . McVey's friends are urg
ing him to make an agressive flght to
night in the hope of taking some of the
boxing style out of Johnson and thus
reducing his effectiveness. An impres
sion has gained ground that if Jeffries
ever wipes out the color line he would
rather fight Johnson than McVey.
While Johnson might outpoint him for
« part of the Journey, the big fellow
knows he would land on the colored
man sooner or later and that the flght
would end right there.
With McVey he would be fighting a
man of equal strength, who can hit
hard and who might be able to land a
damaging blow.
The betting remains at 10 to 6, with
Johnson favorite.
Eddie Graney will referee to-night's
fight, which is for the colored cham
pionship, the title being held by John
son.
There will be two good preliminaries.
Jimmy Britt started east in a blaze
of glory yesterday morning to make
his mark as a monologue artlat- It will
be five months before he can commence
to train for a fight. His next appear
ance in the ring will undoubtedly be
with Young Corbett. Jimmy expects to
tight him in Mechanics' Pavilion next
November or December.
Jack Cordell has moved his training
quarters to the beach and is under the
< are of "Broadway" Billy Roche, who
hopes to make a fighter of the first
class out of this recruit from the ama
teur ranks. It was Roche who first
urged the return match with Rufe Tur
ner v hich is to be held at the Reliance
Club" next Wednesday night. He looked
tm the victory of the colored man as
considerable of a fluke and guarantees
» victory for Cordell if Jack follows
instructions. Turner is training In
Stockton. Jim Griffin deeming it wiser
to keep the erratic Rufe away from the
influences of the big citj\ As before,
the boxers are to go fifteen rounds,
weighing in at 133 pounds at 3 o'clock.
The show will be a double event, as
Rube Smith and George Brown are
matched for fifteen rounds at the wel
ter weight limit on the same night. No
curtain raiser will be given, as the two
bouts will fill out a good evening of
sport.
Eight of Them Are Winged
Out on Strikes and Only
One Man Crosses Kubber
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
w. l. PC] w. L. PC.
Tacoma 15 8 .652 San Fran 12 13.480
Oakland 15 » .<£.'. Seattle 10 11 .470
Los Anpeles.U 11 ..Wot Portland 4 18.182
Pete showed Mike Fisher how he and
his ball tossers could wallop yester
day. They commenced early and stay
ed with the stick till all was over. All
the Tacoma stars had to do was chase
the leather on Its mad <yireer to the
various and remote comers of the lot.
Once they had a chance to run for the
plate, but that was all. Score: Oak
land 8, Tacoma 1. ,,
Oakland played great baseball. Every
run was the result of a sound bingle.
Not a fielding error happened ' while
Pete and his crew were backing • up
Schmidt. He was about right for the
first time this season and winged eight
of the Tigers to the bench on strikes.
Tacoma was exceedingly lucky to land
once. ';
The game was broken up during the
progress of the third round. Dunleavy
touched a match to the fireworks with
a two-sacker to the right field fence."
Schafly brought him In when he swung
to left field for a nice one and went to
second on the throw In. Lohman'p.
timely single past second scored him.
Then Schmidt responded with a double
and Ganley did likewise and so the
inning ended with, four for the com
muters.
Then Mike Fisher had Mr. Bill
Thomas removed from the pitcher's
box and placed on the bench where the
Oaklanders could not hit him again
unless they threw bats at him. Mr.
Fitzgerald was trotted out on the fir
ing line, but the Oaks had little re
spect for his offerings and before the
game had come to a close they man
aged to wallop him for eight more solid
drives and four runs.
The fielding of the Oakland team was
about the limit for brilliancy and ac
curacy. Francks cut off several hits
with wonderful throws and stops from
deep short field. Jim McDonald ap
peared with an umpire's suit on again
and umpired a perfect game In every
respect. The score:
O*"* 11 *- „ Tacoma-
A. R. H. P.A. A R, H. P A
Ganley.rf 4 Oil 0casey.2b. 31 1 81
Frncks.». 4 0 12 C*he«hn.3b 4 0 2 3 3
Kruser.lf 4 0 0 4 0.Nrdyk.lb 4 0 0 6 0
Dnlvy.cf. 4 2 3 0 OEaKans. 4 0 14 3
Schfly.2b 4 3 2 1 2^d?.cf 3 6 I 1 0
4 0 2 10 OMcLhn.lf 4 0 0 10
pevrx.3b 3 111 0 Hnnvn.rf 4 0 0 2 2
Lohmn,c 3 12 8 liHogan.c. 3 0 2 3 4
Pchmdt.p 3 12 0 3Thmaa.p. 10 111
iJottgr.c. J> 0 0 0 0Ftzgrld.p 2 0 0 0 0
Totals 3.1 8 14 27 111 Totals 32 ~1 ~7 24 14
RUNS AND HITS BT INXINGS.
Tacoma 0 00001000— 1
Baae bits 0 0 2 0 12 11 0 7
Oakland 0 4 2 0 0 2 0 0 x 8
Baae hits 1 S 3 0 O 4 0 1 x— 14
SUMMART. 'v--i
Hits— Off Thomas 6. off Fitzgerald 8. Stolen
basn— Dunleavy 2. Schafly 2. Errors— Ho^aa
5li fi on U* ke - Two-base hits— Dunleavy.
Schmidt. Ganley. Hogan. First base on errors
—Oakland 2. First base on called balls— Off
Schmidt 1. off Fltxrerald- 1. Left on baees—
Oakland 2. Tacoma 4. Struck out— By Schmidt
5; b I, *' Hit by pitcher— Lynch.
Double plays — Lohman to Devcreaux; Sheehan
to Nordyke: Sterib unasM*ted. Passed balls
Lohman. Time of game — One hour and 45
minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
BURLESQUE BALL GAME.
Champion Los Angeles Team Appears
in Bad Playing Form.
LOS ANGELES. April 21. — If to
day's ball game had been advertised
as a burlesque on the national sport
It would have given perfect satisfac
tion, as far as the playing of the Los
Angeles team is concerned. Their
fielding became so bad before the
game was over that the crowd ap
plauded whenever Smith or Raymond
succeeded 5 in stopping the ball.
Wheeler pitched for the local, but be
came disgusted after "the third inning
and was pounded all over the field.
Jones, for San Francisco, was in no
condition to pitch and before the game
ended was unable to use any speed,
but tossed the ball at the batter and
trusted to luck and the fielders behind
him. He won because the locals were
literally "up in' the air." Score:
Lei.Angelea — Saa Francisco—
AB.FL H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Brnrd. ef.4 0 13 0 WIdrn. cf.6 2 8 2 0
Flood. 2b.4 113 4 Hldnd, lf.6 12 10
Bmltb, Sb.8 0 0 S 3 Meny. rf..6 114 0
Crvth. rf.4 13 10 Irwln. 3b.6 13 4 1
Ross, If... 6 13 8 OMasey, lb.5 0 0 8 0
Chase, lb.3 12 8 OjLeahy, c.6 113 2
Hymnd. s.4 0 1 1 2!Adrea, 2b.« 2 2 4 2
Baser, c.8 0 0 6 O'Miller. s..5 2 2 15
Whelr. p. 4 0 1 0 4|Jones, p...B -4 3 0 1
Totals. 86 4 12 27 131 Totals. 51 14 17 27 11
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los AncW ....1 1 0 0 20 0 0 0 — 4
Base hits 2 2 2 1 1 10 1 2 12
San Francisco ..00S0013S 0—14
Base hits 0 0 5 1 0 2 3 9 0 17
SUMMAKT.
Stolen bases — Bernard. Rons. Raymond 2.
Errors — Flood, Smith 4, Chase. Raymond
Wheeler. Massey. Three-ba« hit— Waldron
Two-base hits— Meany, Cravath 2, Raymond!
Hildebraad. Anderson and Irwln. First base
on errors — San Francisco 8. Left on banes
Los Anseles 8. San Francisco 10. Bases on
balls — Off Jones 2, off Wheeler 1. Struck out
By Jones 1, by Wheeler 3. Double play — Smith
ta Flood to Chase. Paused .ball — Eacer. Hit
by pitched ball — Bernard. Cravath and Kag^r.
Time of same— 1 hour and 00 minutes. Umpire
— Huston.
So Game at Portland.
PORTLAND, April 21.— No baseball
game to-day on account of rain.
Detailed for Duty at St. Louis.
At the request of the \ management
of the St. Louis Exposition Chief of
Police Wittman has detailed Detective
Harry Reynolds to go to SL Louis,
where, during the six months' fair, he
will aid the police'of that, city in ap
prehending criminals who may wan
der that way from this coast. Los
Angeles and Portland will also send
a representative from' their detective
forces to St. Louis t for the same pur
pose. The exposition management
haB agreed to pay the expenses of
these men. who, while performing
their duties there, will be afforded an
excellent opportunity of becoming ac
quainted with" some of the^ criminals
of the Eastern and Middle * Western
State* .
• The Academic League will present
the strongest lot of young athletes
ever gathered . in California at Berke
ley to-morrow afternoon '.for . the
World's Fair try-outs. " Santa - Clara
has its stars, A. B. Hunter and Sanford
Titus,' ready for business. Ukiah pins
its faith on Rawles'and Horton. Lick
School sees possible victory in the per
formances of E. C. Cope, Bert Golcher.
Adolph Beck and Paul Magerstadt. A.
de Mamiel carries the hopes of Lowell
School. J. A. Blakemore has * the
brawn that Is expected to win a mark
for. Berkeley High School, while the
Oakland colors will, be borne by Rob
ert Alelvin and C. Hall.
'". On this promising band the prepara
tory school boys are banking great ex
pectations | in the trials ; of speed and
stamina against experts from the big
colleges and the outcome of - several
of the events is being viewed with
complacency. It is a matter of record
that the youngsters have I better per
formances to their credit from a time
or distance standpoint than their older
and more experienced opponents and
victory in several instances will re
solve itself into a ' question of class,
just as it often does in trials 'between
racehorses. J So . confident are the
youths of the high schools that a tri
umphant yell has-been rehearsed and
the collegians will find life miserable if
they fall before , the speed and the
brawn of the younger set" of athletes.
Stanford, Berkeley and Nevada
know, that hard . game stares them • in
the face and will send none but their
stars -to the mark. AMittle side issue
to the big meet o f the Pacific Athletic
Association and one that will keep in
terest up to the fever point will be the
second meeting of the University of
California and Stanford color-bearers.
There was considerable dissatisfaction
expressed over the outcome of last
Saturday's intercollegiate field day,
owing to the delay of the special train
bearing the , Berkeley team, and the
feeling will be fn evidence on the
paths and in the field. The presence
of the school athletes from around Ihe
bay and a few good ones coming from
distant points will add a piquant sauce
to the occasion and goad every con
testant to his greatest effort, r
The "officials for' the' meet follow:
Referee, W. B. Hinchman; starter,
Phil Wand; timers— Colonel G.C. Ed
wards, George Thompson, H. D.' Smith,
George James; judges at finish — Dr.
Frank Angell', D. D. Oliphant, J. D.
Robinson, H. B. Torrey; field judges-
Tom Carroll, Charles Fickert, Fred
Koch; measurers — William Middleton,
Robert Elliott, T. V. Reeves;- inspec
tors — P. K. Rauch, P. J. Cadogan, C.
A. Cantwell, Fred Burgess; clerk of
course and assistants — D. E. Brown, J.
F. Nourse, H. S. Thompson; an
nouncer — Sam Hannah.
Academic-League Will Send
Its Greatest Performers to
the World's Fair Tryouts
After several disastrous attempts the
El Primero stable's mare Divina finally
captured a purse. In the last, a mile
purse run, with only 101 pounds to ne
gotiate, she looked in a soft spot, and
after the price reached even money
there was a rush to get aboard, until
7 to 10 was the best obtainable. For
est King led for something over half
the. route, and then Lewis on Laocoon
picked up the running. From the
eighth pole to the wire Sheehan was
hard at work on the favorite and In
a hard drive won by half a length.
Soothsayer came from far back, finish-
Ing a good third.
~ NOTES OF TIIE TRACK.
Bob Smith shipped a stable of twelve
horses to the new Kansas City track
yesterday. Bob follows to-day with
Jockeys Larsen and Greenfield. Mod
red, Faulconbridge and Double Six will
be turned out at pasturage until next
fall. •
Ed Getchell, the portly trainer of Sad
Sam, drew down 5900 over the win of
Kermit.
Kennit came within an ace of being
scratched. Some forfeits were due
against the gelding, and as the grass
was not over a foot high Jim Long
could not see his way clear to settle
them. Horace Egbert, clerk of. the^
scales, helped Long out by guarantee
ing their payment, and Kermlt went to
the post. * , •
J. T. Sheehan continues riding in
splendid form. He succeeded in getting
left on Tanhauser and David S, but
did put Divina over the plate first. Of
course, the assistant starter was to
blame for his mishaps. If the Judges
would set a boy down for thirty days
every time he fails to get away from
the barrier few riders would loiter at
the webbing.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY^ "
" First race — Six and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and up; Felling:
CC21 Solinug (Levy) ...101
5351 ned Tip (Ward) :..104
6C39 Toto Gratio'fWllkerson). .101
6&15 Athelrose <Haye3) ; .~ 86
4GS9 "San Lutlon (Robbing)..... 90
B448 Lozano (Leach & Co.).... ..104
6C45 Nellie Bawn (McCabe) 09
0645 Nonle (Garden City Stable) 33
2203 William Ack (Wilson)...... .....101
6636 Tlsona (Partington Bros.) .".101
6646 'Judge Voorhiefl (Murray) 36
t>598 Teufel (llagrane) US
Second race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse: ,
6634 Tarcola Belle (Miller). ....101
(6634)Slleo (El Priniero Stable) ......112
CC34 Cedarburgr (Alhambra Stable) ..,.10S
6B47 David -Boland (Baird)'. ......101
.... Gallant Cassie* (Miller) . . ... . . . . . . . . ..-. 109
Top Gallant- Cassadean.
662S Nell Sullivan (Spratt). joi
-5691 Stortna (Burns & Waterhouse).... ... . 101
GftO7 Lillian - Ayres (Smith) ............;... 101
C159 Tar Flat (San Joaquln Stable).... :...1O1
Cti52 Pearl Waters (Waters). / ........101
(0C32)Cardinal Sarto (Summers)... ..112
6C52 Heredia (Clifford) ; . . 101
Third race— Six and a, half "furlongs; four.
year-olds and up: nelling: 4
64S4 »Ptckaway (Jackson)......;.......... 96
6031 Steph (Northern Stable) 99
€057 Young Morello (Scharetg)...V..V. .'..".. 1(H
(6021)Sweet Tooth (Cahlll). ........104
6653 •Batldor (Fine)..........;.......-...;, oa
tf&W Glcnrice * (Guthrie) . . . .... ..... . . .-. .... 10"
5291 J'Dollle Weithoff (Weaver). ...:.. .....104
«i"7 tRed Damsel (McDonald & Russell) . . ion
. 6«51 Headwater (Cary) ; . .*. lot
6M»I Aunt Polly (Graffort) : . . . :....;. no
6«4t» Shell Mount <Wellman);::.T;.;'.V;r... .107
0035 Our ; Pride (Howe Stable) :.. ,V. ..;.... 101
fl<os Angeles index. ••-„
tLoa Aajreles index COStt, • '
Billy Magrane's Redwald, a 9 to 6
favorite, earned a nose decision over
Flaneur in the seven-furlong selling
fixture. The latter horse had one of
his good days and cut out all the run
ning. Larsen, astride the favorite, met
with some 111 luck at the start, but
succeeded in wending his way through
the bunch and, finishing on the rail,
got up just in time to receive .the ver
dict. Otis landed Rollick in third place.
David S, with Sheehan up, did not get
away from the barrier.
"Big Bill" Knapp was much in evi
dence in the mile and seventy yard
event. He had the mount on Isabellita,
which at one stage of the betting was
3 to 1, and taking the lead on the far
turn came home nearly three lengths
in advance of Canejo, a 13 to 1 out
sider. Played down to even money
favoritism Optimo never looked a win
ner and finally lost the show to Gold
Finder by almost half a dozen lengths.
Apprentice McBride worked wonders
in the speed proclivities of Ada N and
must be fully a fifty-pound better rider
than either Wright or Cross. There
was a steady play on the rheumatic
old mare at 4 to 1, from the time bet
ting on the mile and a sixteenth event
began. She was prominent from the
start and in a mild drive at the finish,
disposed of Montana Peeress by nearly
a length. Joe Jones, on Mounteback,
took the show. Holbrook's handling of
Virgie d'Or, the favorite, was all a
Joke.
REDWALD WTXS BY A NOSE.
.The track was slow and cuppy, pre
cluding of any fast time. Favorites
kept their end up by* winning half the
programme. Pleasant weather at
tracted a good crowd.
With the able assistance of Willie
See, Bill Short turned up an easy
winner, of the two-year-old spin. Al
Dobson's colt went to the post a 3 to
2 favorite and won going away from
the 15 to 1 chance Mogregor. Rubiana,
a r.O to 1 shot, was third.
Kermit* a 100 to 1 shot ridden by W.
Narvaez and backed down to 30, took
the first race yesterday on the card
at Oakland. According to his owner's
say 60, Ihe old-time rider, Jim Lonp
Kermlt could t show as much speed as
a "yaller" dog with. a v tin can tied to
his tail, but w^s. backward about ex
hibiting: it before company.
Last summer Jim took, the Piccolo
gelding to Seattle and kept him tied
to the fence near the three-quarter pole
at The Meadows track to. cure him of
his erratic habits^for he was afflicted
with bufczing sounds in the head. There
were twelve starters in yesterdays
race, with Murat, a warm one from
Billy Randall's stable, a 3 to 2 favorite:
Murat and See -were not prominent.
Maraschino led Kermit Into the stretch,
but the latter outstayed the chestnut
and In a hard drive crossed- the line
first by three parts of a length. The
winner was touted about and many
of the books lost to the race. Tan
hauser, which ran third, could have
won hands down if away better.
: 'K' • TRACK PROVES SLOW.
MUST BE OX AGGRESSIVE
CLASS IS STRONG ONE
SCHMIDT" FOOLS TIGERS
High School Athletes Have
Great Hopes of Defeat
ing the College Sprinters
]f He Defeats Johnson He
Hopes for a Match With
Champion Jim Jeffries
Thomas and Fitzgerald Are
Treated to Generous Beat
ings by Oakland Batsmen
Divina Beats Laocoon
in a Driving
rinish.
M'VEY ASPIRES
TO BIG HONORS
SHARP RIVALRY
ON THE FIELD
TALLIES COME
EASY FOR PETE
KERMIT, A WELL BACKED 100 TO 1 SHOT,
TAKES THE FIRST RACE AT OAKLAND
THE SAN I ; RANCISCO GALL/: FRIDAY; APRIi: 22, 1001;: >
BOXER JACK JOHNSON RULES A SIX TO TEN CHOICE OVER McVEY
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
10
ADVEBTISEMENTa. .
Comfort
is & Leading (£ :
Characteristic )5Sir>i
£3tf /I) * /
Becanse the tailoring is as good a* hu-
man, skill can make It. Faultless fit, ac-
cording to the mode; excellent fabric, of
choice pattern; the proper material* used
In construction, these make our tailoring
the desirable kind. .
Pay Us ONE DOLLAR
A WEEK' and meanwhile wear '¦ the suit.
Now is ; the time to , order.
A, B: Smith Co.
128-132 Ellis SL. above Powell St.
" SAN FRANCISCO.
fBJS W m Ek H 0Qri " w vacuum de-
gfVB En H&H VK LOPER and IN-
I V ¦ g_ 1 yM VIGORATOK Is a n»t-
> ¦ w ¦, ¦ -^ ntal < restorer of. r lost
"renrtlrand vigor. '¦¦¦•¦ It la the OXLV mtui
' S*!*™ wil1 expand and develop the organs, osed
with our Improved « Perfect " Soluble Medicated
(Dlract Medicatloa)
Crayons, will quickly cure un natural losses, stric-
ture, premature decay. prosutie affections, etc.
'"'r*9*L- ¦ lor ' VABICOCKtE oar , I}1-
«O»% JPKOVKU DEVKLOPEB, com-
V—'/A bined -with our new patented Si:s-
\^£r-'- sPEXSORT and COMPEESSOB,
jfar(aold only by us), will enre even tbe
, f^W worst cases, bon'i fall to Investigate this.
" m H or write f° r npw (copyrighted) pro*
8 H fusely illustrated 100- pass booi," Health."
SJ N Ibr MEN OJfl/V*. 8ent securely sealed
1| FREt-^ Our physicians are experienced
' A&and utrictly reliable specialises. F»<"^
f. .'.-^^* moderate." Treatment given on 10 days'
trial and approval. ,, , •
-: HEALTh APPLIANCE C0^
-* O'Farrtll Street. «- B.
AX INTERESTING STORY.
Tlic want* of San lYancisco,
by those who want — an interest-
Ing slory told In the classified
columns of next SUNDAY'S
GALA* It will pay you to fol-
lo\r this story from week to
week.TO ARRIVE
Moi-ements of Steamers.
building «u dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. €., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwwlch time. J. C. BCKNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N-, In charge.
teenth and Seventeenthavenues; Han
cock "street, between Sanchex "and
Church;- Clement street, between [Sec?
ond and ':', Fourth", a venues, and % that
grades be changed on Greenwich street
and Third Avenue.
Sun. .Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
- Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at For Point, entrance -to Eaa Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of
the Superintendent. ' . . . :
NOTE — The hlrh and low wattn occur at
the city front tMlselon-street wharf) ; about 25
Wants Pay for Bleaching Hair.
Suit was filed -yesterday in the Jus
tices' "Cpurtl by i Mrs^ C/,: E. Mora^in : to
recover j,$17 ; 50 •; from '5 Annies C. J.Cuin
mlngs; and ; John* Doe^f or [hairi bleach-'
ing, - hair - dyeing} and i hair,! work done
atithe7latter's*special:requestV""^ ¦¦; "
Steamer. 1 . For. Sails.
Dolphin..!... Pkacwar A Way Portt.lApr. 24
City Seattle.. Pkagway & Way P-orU. Apr. 26
Cottage City. Ekagway * Way Ports. Apr. 28
Dirtgo Ekagway tt Way Port*. Apr. 28
J. Dollar..... Valde* & Seward. ...... Apr. 2fl
Excelsior Valde* 4 Way Port».. May 1
A'.ki Skagway & Way Porf.JMay S
FROM SEATTLE
Settlement Concert.
The > programme for . the ' - Friday
evening concert - at . the .South •• Park
Settlement is in'charge ; of the Harmony
quintet. «; Selections by. the quintet^will
aiterhatetwith^v^qcal'syiM^by^tte'-dlf-l
ferent members and j its director^ Rob
ret i LJoyd.' The ; members ""of the ; quin
tet are Mrs. Al^F;* Fletcher, { first yso
prano; : Mrs. Madden,] second so
prano;' Miss Mabel F. Gordon, ! first
altbV Mrsi ! Robert ! Lloyd;] second i alto,
arid ' Miss f Edith^Adams.Vpianist*-. _
Lecture dn Passion -play.
This evening at 8:15: o'clock ¦ Dr. O.
W. White of the Central M.E." Church
wiH*give* a lecture at the Young Men's
Christian 'Association, Mason .and-"El
lis streets, on "The Passion" Play,-*"-Il
lustrated by; nearly _ 100 dissolving
views representative of. this , famous
play. This Is in the regular course of
the * educational "department Iecture3
and a charge of 1 0 cents will be "made.
The public Is Invited.
April 21— Stmrs Newsboy, Noyo, Arctic and
San Pedro, hence April 19. ,
Sailed April 20— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran-i
Cisco. '¦-¦•-¦¦- ' . • : *
Arrived April 21 — Stmr ... Phoenix, ,' hence
April 19.
Sailed ADrll 21— Bktn Geo C Perkins, , for
San Pfdro: Btmr WeBtport. for San Francisco.
. UMPQU A— Arrived AdHI 17— Schr Louise,
from San Pedro." > >
REDONDO — Arrived April 21 — Stmr. Samoa,
hence Aorll 18. - .
COOS BAY— Sailed Anril 21 — Stmr Cwirina,
for San Francisco; stmr Empire, for San Fran
cisco. •" "¦¦ ". " ¦; . ¦-'..¦ --¦'¦ ¦¦'' . . -
POUT LUDLOW— Sailed April 21— Br ship
Crompton. for Port Piric. .
ANACORTES— Sailed April 21— Bark Pal
myra, /or Bristol Bay. ¦ .
SEATTLE — Sailed April 21— Stmr Humboldt,
for Skagway. ' • ¦ . ¦ ¦¦. ¦ . ¦ ¦ -.: ¦ .
PORTLAND — Sailed April 21— Stmr Aurelia,
for San Francisco. _ . ,.•'... - . .
¦ .-¦ , ISLAND PORTS. . . : " ¦ .' ;
HONOLULU— Arrived April 21— U S- stmr
Supply, hence April 12. ?
¦ H1LO— Sailed April 207-Stmr B^iterprise, for
Sau Franclsco.'-J ' '
« . FOREIGN PORTS.'
PANAMA— Arrived • April' . 10— Stmr ¦.: San
Juan, hence March 19.* --.--.
IPSWICH— Arrived April 18— Br bark Mont
calm, from Oregon. .
BELLE ISLE— Arrived April 1 16— JFr bark
General Foy, . hence . Dec 29. ¦ '<•¦
- HAMBURG— Arrived Amil 18— Oer ¦ stmr'
Abydos hence Dec 18.* ¦ - ' -
BAHIA BLANC A— Arrived ; April 16— Fr
etmr Admiral Hamelln,': from Santa Rosalia.
. HONGKONG — Arrived ; prior « to ADrll ? 20—
Jap atmr Ivo Marur from Seattle. ,
Sailed i April j 20— Br stmr, Empress of India,
for Vancouver. - , - ¦
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed - April ' 20— Ger . bark
Prof essor » Koch, > for ; Cardiff, f ¦
, NEWCABTLE. s AUS — Sailed Aoril . 20— Bark
Charmer, for : Honolulu, r April 17— Schr ' So
lano.T for .Honolulu. ' April a — Bktn Benlcla,
for Honolulu.- -';•.;¦'.-¦:.':--¦'*• ¦¦:•-¦¦ •:,"'.'.. ;. -r '- ->: -
.YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 20— Br - stmr
Coptic, 5 hence r April 2. • ;¦.¦¦.,
NAGASAKI— Arrived April 20— U/ S atiiir
Sherman, from* Manila, for,- San Francisco "•
v HULlr-^- Arrived 'April,. 21— -Br f ship -'Forreet
Hall,* hence- Dec ¦ 10. - ,:-". • .
• .COLON — Sailed April . 20-^-Stmr 'Yucatan,
XortNew- York. ¦'..:*¦ . '. '* ,. :;.•¦'. :;.»¦;-..
Steamer. . Destination. Sails. Pier.
April 22. |
Pomona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Elizabeth. . Coquille River |10 am Pier 20
April 23.
Eureka Humboldt S am Pier 13
I'omo Pt. Arena & Albion 4 pm Pier 2
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor. ... 4 pm Pier 20
Pt. Arena . . Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
San Jose... K. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Mariposa... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
Homer Seattle direct Pier 2
Iuqua Humboldt 1 pm Pier 2
g. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 2
April 24. | ¦
B. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
April 25. | . |
Spokane. ... Humboldt .1:30 p Pier 9
S. Crui.... San Pedro A Way. 9 am Pier 11
Senator Puget Bound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pro Pier 2
Xewbnrg... Gray? Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Coronado..- Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Empire Coos B. tk Pt. Orf d 12 m Pier 13
April 26. |
Gaelic...... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Arctic IIumboMt 9 am Pier 2
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
April 27. |
Oregon Aetoria A Portland 11 am Pier 24
B*e Gray* Harbor .- ; Pier —
Aurelia. . . . Astoria & Portland . ." Pier —
Argo Bel niver Ports... « pm Pier 2
April 28.
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Jeanle..... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
O. Llndauer Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
Ban Pedro.. 1 Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
April 29. 1
North-Fork. Humboldt 6 pm Pier 20
Nevadan..* Hono. &. Knhului. 8 pm Pier 16
Bonita 1 Newport fc Way.. 9 am Pier 11
! April 30. -
City Panam] ?J. T. via Panama 12 m PUr 40
City Puebla I Puget Sound PorU. 11 am Pier 9 >
All!anc*....j Eureka & Coo* ¦ D. S pm Plur 10
Rainier. ... I Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Ml i ell I>eigllt for .1.-1 1 >:ui.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship Com
pany's liner Gaelic, which sail? Tuesday for
lh* Far Cast, will carry a large cargo, most
of which is for Japan. Her freight will ln
clue '<<«) tons of steol rails, 350 tons of barley
• nd 223 tons of lead.
Strairw 8 Locse? a linger.
Kelly B. Straus*, chief clerk of the United
KlfJI«*e army transport ShcrHan, had his hand
crushed in the door of his 'cafe the other day,
¦ nd yesterday It was found nece*wary to am
putate the little finger of hie right hand.
•
Holt IIIII In Distress
Th»* British ship Holt Hill, from Hamburg
for Portland, has put Into Maldonado in dis
tress.
•
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Italian shlD Calerina Accame Is char
tcr#<J for wheat to Europe at 16s 3d.
The Britisli rhip Liuclpara (on Puget i^oand)
I* **-hartered for lumber. thenc»> to Callao kt
Slollendo. at 34*; British tship Thirlmere, also
on Puget. Found, same buelnns, thence to
IqulQul •>. 3o». ,
, - ¦ ? ¦
Kiport* for the North.
Time Ball.
Braneb HydroRraphlc Office, U. S. Mer
chants' Exchange. Ban Francisco.' Cal '
. April, 21. ;l»04. - . '.
The Time Hall on the tower of the Fetrv
Th« rtoarn^r T:ma.ttlla sailed on Wednesday
*or Victoria with an assort efl merchandise cargo
TOnslgn«-<J to the port of dratlnatlon and the
jrir.cipal British Columbian", port* valued ct
,$3i.&82 and including thp follow Ingr: VJ3 pkcj
fre*h fruitn. in? pkgg fresh vegetables 50 375
U>« malt. 2^.125 lbs dried fruit, 240 ib* 'raisins.
2040 lbs meal*. V25O bbls be*f. 4AM lbs l>eanu
MHi lbs chocolate. 4«83 lbs butter, 118» llts
2 «;ch«w, 142 «alc 3 es wine. »08 lbs coffee;
Il TL nut ,'- 4 '"H* rroo « rl «' «n«l provisions,
lJWa Ib, clurow?. 7 pket. parte. 80 mkm hop
root*. 10O tins matches. MO lbs tobacco 1 ckg
machinery. 20 pee 4 bdl* etecl, Ji pkis ejec
trical «iur^)lies, 24 bale* twine. 230, (ft I lbs nig
lead. £1 c» arm* and ammunition, 10 pc« cioe
1 roll leather. - " *7'
In addition to the foregoing the steamer
carried K0 ex canned eoods. 2« cs table prenara
tions and IS »>kgs provinlons. valued at fji'i
on route to Su\-a. FIJI Is'andR. , .
«
TO SAIL.
Siberia Touches Bottom
Word va* r*>c*ivpd yestrrday to the effect
'hat the liner Siberia, whlrh ha* arrived at
ilomrkong. etruck bottom *hll* passing through
the Inland »ea. She »a* not eeriourir damaged
If at all. but «n innrnxtlon on the drydock will
be made at the flirt available opportunity.
••
Revenue Cutter Changes
Captain O. T>. Mynrk has been pUced in
command of the t'nited Plate* revenue cuttor
Bear. In plao«> of Cuptaln J. F. Wild, who has
been orfltred to hl» home. The B«>ar la at
Boole'e yard having a bridge built. Her cabins
• re being renovated and extensive repair* are
being effected.
The Supervisors' Street Committee
yesterday considered the Mayor's vetoes
of the two ordinances extending the
limits within which it Is prohibited to
carry on rock crushing and rock quar
rying, and filed a recommendation with
the board that the bills pass notwith
standing their disapproval by the May
or. The committee, assigns the same
reasons as were given in it's
report that two identical ordinances
pass /in spite of the Mayor's vetoes,
which were sustained by the votes of
Supervisors Alpers, Bent, Lunstedt,
Finn and Rea. . *
The Street Committee reported in fa
vor of denying the recommendation. of
the Board of Works that Mission street
between I Second and Third : be ¦ repaved
and the sidewalks narrowed by. four
feet on each j side . at an estimated cost
of $9200. The committee holds to the
opinion that the. money should be ex-_
pended in doing necessary, street work
in other portions of the city. - ,
Chairman O'Connor stated that he
did not favor .tearing up a good paye
mentiwhileTother streets need repair
ing, and referred to the bad condition
of 'Merchant \ street, ; . which ¦'* * property
owners petitioned to have repaved. The
repavlng of Mission- street is included
in the" bond issue. : . ;
The committee expressed itself as op
posed to the petition of 'peering ;;&
Robinson that the street sign" ordinance
be 'amended • so to permit ; of ,-¦ the
maintenance of wooden signs, but took
the petition under .advisement."
The Union Oil Company was granted
a'permit] to lay a spur track on Illinois
street, which, -had > already* been con
structed 'without 'a r permit having first
been obtained. . «
¦.The fences obstructing the roadways
of Beacon, Castro and Diamond "streets
were ordered removed. ;'.'¦ ..
1 The petition : of ] the . Pacific Auxiliary
Fire Alarm Company for 'permission to
layj underground wires 'was referred -to
the Board of Works tfor : favorable . ac
tion. ¦;• "'¦ -. " - ',"; •*'•"-" y^'i'?Vr\- r l
;> H. C. Holmes was granted a . permit
to;explode \ blasts", for ; grading purposes
at :; Green -- and 5 Saiisome ' streets /, for '_ a
period ' of six ; months. Similar^ permis
sion .was .granted : to , George Ij Ryan * for
four months "oh 'Army, street, near, York.
/Streets work was recommended on
Nineteenth "avenue; ;i; Hoffman I avenue,
between? Twenty- fourth-'; arid !"-, Twenty-
fifth' avenues; ? I .'street j between jFour^
Mayor Schmitz decided yesterday to
hold an investigation this morning at
10 o'clock of the charges made against
Chief Emergency Surgeon George. F.
Brackett that he had demanded and
received fees for work done in his of
ficial capacityJ^jj»fi|g£|
Stibpenas were issued by .Secretary
Kean^.'for Mrs. Fannie Ames "of 612
Stanyan street and M. Flelshhacker, who
accused "Brackett, and their testimony
will, be heard. The transcript of testi
mony taken at the Coroner's inquest
overjthe death of the husband of % Mrs.
Ames, who was killed in . an elevator
in Fleishhhacker's factory, will also be
placed in the hands of the^Mayor. , :
Brackettappeared at the'Mayor's of
fice in the rnornlng, but his Honor was
absent and later decided on 'thls_ morn
ing's investigation. ' Brackett appeared
much disturbed over the declaration
of the Mayor that unless he could dis
prove the charges he (Brackett) would
be removed. Brackett reiterated his
previous assertions that he had a letter
of vindication from Mrs. Ames, -but
said nothing about the charge made by
Fleishhacker that the latter had charged
him a fee of $5 and Brackett had de
manded $100 more.
At the inquest yesterday on the .body
of Charles' Read, who died In the Ger
man Hospital March' 11 from injuries
'received by the explosion -of a tank in
Thompson's soda .water works, {he jury
returned ' a verdict .that the accident
was unavoidable. They added: "The
jury cannot understand why the wound
was slill bleeding at the second pack-
Ing of the wound at the Central Emer
gency Hospital."
It appeared from the testimony of
William H. Hollis that ' Dr. Pawlicki
was the ' first surgeon who treated •; the
case at the Central Emergency Hos
pital. William H.' Hollis testified also
that Dr. • Pawlicki that 'the
pati/nt "should be taken to. the McNutt
Hospital for : ':¦: private/ treatment, but
Hollis decided to send *; Read" to the
German Hospital, where he was treaty
ed by Dr. G. C. Brackett.
Dr. Brackett 'testified' that ,when:he
examined the /patient /he | found % the
wound bleeding and was obliged to
prepack" "it. y
When the jury brought in the verdict
Coroner Leland stated that he had jj re
dressed bleeding wounds that had been
attended to ; by the best of surgeons,
and ' that the comment of the 'jury was
not called for. The jurors, however, re
fused to allow? the paragraph 1 to * be
stricken out. <1 They said that ; Dr.
Brackett would not have-mentioned the
matter of tlie rebandagihg of ; the
wound unless it was something un
usual. ¦•..•¦ ¦-.-. -¦'-'¦': : ¦
The Coroner thereupon signed his
approvalof the verdict. j
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. ,
Thursday. April 21.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 11 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller, 14 hours from
Mendoclno, via Point Arena; 12 hours.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, 18 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Porno, Ahlln. 12 hours from Albion,
via Point Arena 10 hours.
Stmr National City, Hammer, 15 hours from
Fort Bragg. r
Stmr Senator, Cousins, 63 hours from Vic
toria, etc.
. Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 40 hours from
San Diego.
Blmr Eureka, Jese»n, 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Sequoia, McClcments, 80' hours from
Wlllapa Harbor.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, 4 hours from
Bol in a P.
Schr Ida. A. Camobell, 5 hours from Point
Reyes. ;; ¦;»
CLEARED. /,«„,.: ;
Thursday, April 21.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria; Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company.
Stmr Centennial. Strand, Seattle; B T
Kruse. (
Nor stmr Hero, SyvertBen, Ladyemlth; R
Dunsmuir & Sons Co.
Bark Ccryphene, Schlldrop," Nome, via Seat
tle; Chas D Lane.
SAILED.
Thursday, April 21.
Stmr F A Kllburn, Jahnsen, Watsonvllle
Landing. .
Stmr State of California, Thomas.Sjun Diego.
Stmr Bonita, Gielow, San Pedro, c-
Stmr Maggie. Corning. Half moon Bay.
Stmr Pasadena, Hendrickson, Eureka.
fitmr Edith, Hall. Tacoma.
Stmr Arco, Dunham, Eel River. '
Nor etrnr Hero, Syvertsen, Ladysmith.
Stmr Navarro. Web^r, Benders Landing.
Br ship Loch Trull, Mainland, Premantl*.
Schr Joseph Russ, Peteraon, Bristol Bay.
Schr Mary C. . Campbell, Bodega.
Pchr Jennie Stella, Hansen, Eureka.
Schr William Renton, Bruce, Columbia
River.
SPOKEN.
April 4 — On the equator. 27 west. Fr ship
VHIe de Mulbouee, from Tacoma, for Queens
town. .... . •
. March 28— Lat 10 Boutt^ long 34 west, Dan
bark Slxtus, from Antwerp, Tor San Francisco.
. TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, 'Anril'21. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind SW; velocity 18 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 21— Bktn Chaa
F Crocker/ from Everett; stmr "Alcazar, from
Greenwood; ttmr. Santa Monica, • hence
April ]». ¦:¦¦ ¦¦¦¦:
Sailed April 20— Schr Soquel, for Port Town
send; stmr Santa Cruz, for San Francisco. '
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived April 20— Schr F
M Slade, from East London. -
Sailed Aurtt 20— Stmr O C Lindauer, for Ban
Franclncp. ¦
PORT^ TO WNSEND— Sailed April 21— Schr
Premier, for Nushauak.
Sailed April 21 — Br ship 'Artemis, from Port
Blake-ley, for West Coast; Ger ship Lika, from
Port Gamble, for Melbourne. ' »VTto ¦yjt *i« jjii KiAhi
TATOOSH— Passed out - - April , 21— Stmr
Jeanle. from Seattle, for San t Francisco.-' •
Passed In April 21— Stmr Alaskan, hence
April 1R. for Seattle. '
TACOM A— Sailed April 21— Br utinr Aga
tnemnon for Hongkong. HBWBBK.X'.' .*"' . •¦
- EUREKA— Arrived; ' Arril i'-lO— Stmr..W(«t
port, from Westport; stmr Eureka,' hence April
: 18. Aa^r-20— Stmr* Spokane, -.hence April ,19.
Supervisors' Committee Ee
ports Favorably on Bills
Limiting Bock Crushing
Cites Chief Surgeon Brack
y.ett to Defend Himself
From ; Serious Allegations
Statement by Dr. Brackett
at an Inquest Produces
Verdict Implying Blame
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tidf Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. APRIL 22.
Sun rises 5:25
Sun sets eifll
Moon sets (first quarter) 0:22 a. m.
C Tlmel Time Time jTlme
E 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• Hff| L W H V,'\ |L W
22^ Hiss 5.0!l0:40 0.31 5:55 4.4 11:09 JTl
23 4:51 4.7 11:44 0.410:48 4.6
L W H W ;L W H W
24 0:24 2.5 6:10 4.6 12:43 0.6 7:40 5 0
25 1:29 2.0 7:2S 4.7 1:45 0.8 8:27 5.4
2C 2:27 1.4 8:40 4.9 2:37 l.oj 8:10 5 5
27 3:18 0.8] 9:43 5.1J 3:22 1.2| 9:51 6.7
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morninc tides are given In the left
band column < and the successive tides of tho
day Jn the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column irtvea the last tide of the
day. occept when there are but three tides, aa
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey chart*, except when a minus ( — )
sljfr. precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
JURY INQUIRES
INTO SURGERY
MAYOR ORDERS
INVESTIGATION
DISAPPROVES
MAYOR'S VETOES
Steamer. I From. 1 Due.
HcrmontMs.. Hamburg & Way |Apr. 22
City Panama.. New York via Panama.! Apr. 22
Santa Cru*..' Ban Pedro & Way Pts. Apr. 22
F. A. Klburn Watsnvlle v. Pt. Rogers Apr. 22
G. Dollar Portland JApr. 22
Spokane Humboldt <Apr. 23
Bee Grays Harbor Apr. 23
G. Lindauer. . Gray* Harbur Apr. 23
B.Barbara... Seattle & Olympla Apr. 23
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul.. Apr. 23
Xaqua San Pedro Apr. 23
Czarina Coos Bay Apr. 23
Arctic Humboldt I Apr. 2.1
Empire .' Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.jApr. 23
Amer. Mar'i.. Yokohama & Honolulu. Apr. 21
Aurelia Portland & Astoria Apr. 2i
Oresron Portland & Astoila.... Apr. 2*
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 24
Del Nort« Crescent City Apr. 21
Fan Pedro Humboldt Apr. 24
State of Cal.. San Diepo & Way Pte. Apr. 25
Sierra Sydney & Wa» Ports. Apr. 25
Anro Eel IlJvcr.. Ports Apr. 25
S. Monica San Pedro Apr. 25
¦"XV. Kruger... San Pedro Apr. 25
Bon i la Newport & War Ports. Apr. 28
City Puebla. . PuRet Sound Ports Apr. 28
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 20
North Fork.. Humboldt Apr. 20
Eureka Humboldt Apr. 20
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom. . . . Apr. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Apr. 2S
Acapulco New York via Panama. Apr. 28
Alliance Portland & Way Port*. Apr. 2S
Centralla Gray* Harbor I Apr. 28
Fanta Roes... Ran Di^go & Way Pts. Apr. 28
Point Arena. • Mctidocino & Pt. ArenalApr. 2H
G.W. Elder. . Portland & Artoria j Apr. 29
UntaUHa Pujtet Sound Ports I May 1
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma [May 2
PHOTOGRAPHS EHOWIXG DAMAGE SUFFERED BY THE PACIFIC MAIL. COM
PANY'S GREAT LINER MONGOLIA. AS THE RESULT OF STRIKING A
REEF OFF BRAZILIAN COAST DURING THE VOYAGE TO THIS PORT.
It was not a sand -bar but a coral
-reef with which the Pacific Mail Com
pany's big liner Mongolia got into diffi
culties off the Brazilian coast while
steaming from Norfolk, Va., to this
port. This was discovered yesterday
when the pumps at the Hunters Point
drydock cleared the big basin of water
and left the MongollaWkeel high and
dry. Everj' blade of both propellers
is more or less bent and all six blades
are toeing taken off and will be replaced
by six spare ones provided by the
liuilders and now on board the steam
s' hip.
The coral -scratched and dented plates
and the gnarled ends of the propeller
blades tell with mote eloquence of the
liner's narrow escape. That she was
not ripped open from stem to stern was
due to the fact that Bhe. was lightly
loaded, her supply of coal, large as it
was, being little more than ballast for
her. One dent in a forward bottom
plate on the port side of the keel shows
that the reef had some sharp points
that with more pressure would have
tut the steel like a cold-chisel.
Removing the bent blades, installing
The new one, reriveting In several
places where the jar on the reef started
the steel studs, scraping and painting
the hull, will keep a large army of
workmen busy until Saturday, and on
Sunday, it is expected, the Mongolia
will Ik? ready to leave the drydock.
The Hunters Point dock Is one of the
largest In the world. The Mongolia's
t-ides tower many feet above the dock's
s=teep sills and the vessel's enormous
l»ulk. by comparison, makes the roomy
basin dwindle into the Insignificance
of a terraced saucer. The Mongolia
seemed big when she lay at anchor in
quarantine; she appeared larger when
alongside the Mail Company's wharf;
she looks the leviathan she is now, as
Fhe sits In all her naked majesty on
the keel blocks of the drydock- Many
people visited Hunters Point yester
day and as long as the Mongolia Is
there she will attract large crowds.
The United States Inspector of hulls
and boilers within a few days will
make an investigation into the circum
stances of the Mongolia's encounter
with the coral reef.
Before United States District 'Judge
De Havenv yesterday - was begun the
trial of , the condemnation proceedings
instituted by United States District At
torney Woodworth on behalf of the
United States against Captain William
H. Harts of the United j States Engi
neer Corps and certain dutiable : arti
cles alleged to have been found con
cealed in his baggage.
It was alleged in the declaration filed
by" Mr. Woodworth that Captain Harts
arrived at this port on July 10, 1903, on
board the United States transport
Thomas from Japan and that he made
a declaration and entry of his bag
gage before the Collector of Customs
in which he did not mention at all
16 bolts of silk, 42 silk doilies, 32 pieces
of silk and embroidery, 21 pieces of
drawn work, 6 klmonas, 2 lace collars,
4 pieces of pina and jusi cloth, Satsu
ma gold lacquer ware, Satsuma and
cloisonne vases, jewel cases, 1 silk table
cloths, etc., all of ! the home value of
$417 85. The duty on this valuation
was $239 19, making a total of $657 04,
and under section 2802 of the Revised
Statutes of the United States the pen
alty for failing to make a declaration
is three times the sum of the home
value and the duty, amounting to
$1971 12, together with interest "and
costs of suit added to the whole.
The defendant filed a contest to the
declaration in which he denied that he
came from Japan and asserted that
he came from Manila and that the ves
sel incidentally touched at Japan on
the way out here.
He averred that he had no memo
randa by which he could have fully
set forth all of the articles mentioned
together with the cost price, and he
therefore struck out a printed clause
in the passenger declaration because
he could not truthfully subscribe to it.
He stated further that he did not make
a detailed list of any articles in his
baggage, intending thereby to Indicate
that he submitted, his baggage to the
personal inspection of me proper cus
tom-house authorities,- but he truly de
clared six trunks, three oags, one box
and one other package, eleven pieces in
all. He denied that the articles men
tioned were of a greater value than
$351 35. The additional defense was
pleaded that because he came from the
Philippines — a domestic port — there was
no penalty .for his failure to declare.
Captain Harts also denied that 'he had
attempted to defraudl s the customs ser
vice and had been and' was ready at
all times to pay whatever duties might
be imposed. A* denial was also made
of the charge that he had concealed
the articles.
Customs Inspectors Charles A. Steph
ens and J. Lundquist testified that they
found the dutiable articles "concealed"
in the center and in the sleeves of four
dresses, seventeen skirts and one coat,
the personal wardrobe of Mrs. Harts.
The waidrobe was not dutiable, and
the dutiable articles were so stowed
away as to e'acape discovery during an
ordinary examination. Al Dixon, a
newspaper reporter who was present
at the search, corroborated the testi
mony of the inspectors.
It was developed that Captain Harts
sailed from Manila and that his wife
boarded the transport at Nagasaki and
brought- with her the trunks in which
the confiscated articles were found. .
Deputy Customs Surveyor -Chauncey
M. St. John testified that Captain Harts
had preferred . charges of discourtesy
against him; that an investigation Into
the charges had been had by special
agents, and that the Secretary of the
Treasury and Attorney General Knox
had exonerated the customs officials
from any blame arid had commended
them for their action in the matter.
The trial will be continued 'on Mon
day. i~yi-~ £>
Government Seeks to Get
Nineteen Hundred Pesos
From the -Military Man
WARES FOUND HIDDEN
Captain of U; S. Engineer
Corps Contests the Suit
to Confiscate His Baggage
Drydock Inspection Reveals the Fact That the Giant Liner's, Es
cape Was Miraculous — Plates Are Dented by Jagged Obstruc
tion and Every Blade of Both Propellers Must Be Replaced
HARTS FIGHTS
FOR HIS GOODS
CORAL REEF AND NOT A SAND BAR
CAUSE OF THE MONGOLIA'S INJURY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 22, 1904.
11
AN INTERESTING STORY.
, Tlie wants of San Francisco,
¦'by those who want— an interest-, -
- ing ', story told in ? _ the i classified
columns oK next SUNDAY'S
CALL. |It will pay) you to; fol-
low ;tliis story from week to
*:week.v.;"y -;.}; .
FREE FREE
TO WANT ADVERTISERS
In next SUNDAY'S CALL.
-r -';..' WALKER'S
SELF-PULLING CORKSCREW.'
- (Patented.)
You ' get one of these useful
articles frcc ; by bringing your
"Want Ads" to The Call for in-
sertion in NEXT SUNDAY'S is- '
sue of ' Greater San Francisco's
Greatest; Paper. ,-;
.~,A BEAUTIFUL, JOLORED ART SUPPLEMENT....
"THE PASSING STORM"
BY MORAN, THE FAMOUS LANDSCAPE ARTIST.
FREE WITH NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL'
' , \ ."'•¦¦, d&8MBBM^^3tB^KMKKi£Ri&8mSt/SBBB$y^r *>* ¦ * ¦ ¦¦ j^^^^i^ I
¦¦ . - -.--..¦:¦-. ¦-¦¦¦¦•'.*—¦. I.-.-.'- ¦¦-¦¦-¦¦¦¦- - - - . ¦ ...... ...--/¦-,., --. V -,-¦:¦-.¦ - ........ . ¦ . - . ' - -
• .-•" ' ¦ ' ' " ¦ ' ¦ -'¦¦-¦- ¦ -. . ¦ . . • -¦¦.-. ; ¦ -
_ . _— ___ . . _ , , -. , . -^ .;
Tivo faTorite themes furnish subjects for the brush of Thomas Moran,
N. A., the artificial architectural beauty of -Venice and grandeur of Amer-
ican landscapes. "The (Passing Storm," which 'was painted on Long Island,
furnishes one of the most beautiful and effective colored reproductions yet
published. It Is vigorous and. yet harmonlus in color, dramatic In effect
and well balanced in its' composition. Tlie warm color of autumn browns
and yellow contrasts with gray rocks and the rich greens of the swampy
foreground and above all is a sky full of movement and ¦ varied in its col- v^-
It Is the emotional qualities In this, as well as in nearly all of Mr. 3Io-
'"\ ran's paintings, which have contributed much to their success, and yet
underlying these there is a foundation of convincing realism.
In VThe Passing Storm" it may be seen that the elements which make
up the picture are reproduced with remarkable fidelity to nature, but at the
.same time by a sapient arrangement of masses of Light and dark opposi-
tions of brilliant and subdued color, of broad, simple masses and. intricate
detail, the artist reflects his own poetic temperament in its dramatic ef-
fect, -wealth of color and technical ability. L^^v
3Ir.' Moran's attention was first attracted to the possibilities of Ameri-
can landscape in 1871, when he accompanied the United States Govern-
ment expedition under Major Powell to explore the Yellowstone country.
Ills large painting of the "Grand Canyon of tlie Yellowstone,',' which was ;
" produced shortly after, was purchased by tlie Government. Tlie painting
is so trathfui that- geologists are able to detect and classify- from it the
thousands of feet of canyon wall, and yet the expression. of a feeling of.
sublimity is so strong that It is difficult to believe that he has not ideal-
ized his subject. " . ' ¦. ' ¦ i. ¦-¦'.'
- He has ..since made several trips to the Rocky Mountains and has
* visited Cuba and Mexico, and it may be truthfully said that no artist has
done, more 'to make .known to the world the splendors of American land-
scapes, whose artistic possibilities he was one of the first to appreciate.
Thomas Moran, who, is sometimes called the American Turner, was „
born in Bolton, !Lancashlre, England, In- 1837. Went to Philadelphia with
his parents at the age of seven. He began his artistic career as a wood en-
graver's apprentice, and was made an associate of the National Academy
in 1882 and academician in 1884. He is a member of the Society of Amer-
The Call Is on sale at all news stands on the Pacific Slope. Train
newsboys carry a supply of Calls for^tho convenience of the traveling
public. Complain if you fail to obtain The Call.THE SAN:I?]^ANGISGO; CALL, FRIDAY. APRIL 22, ... 1904.;
12
HELP WANTED— FEMALE. .
WOMAN^to^work about bathhouse, keeping th«
rooms In ' order. ."..'. • .'.'. . '. • • • -JJ*
Cook, delicatessen M*
Cook. 10 people, country ;;««*£
4 cooks; little washing. * >0 "l^
"First class nurse, 2 children. San Jo»e..5oO
Nurne. 2-grown children. Ross Valley *-5
3. nurse girls.. : .*20-$25-$oO
5 second girls. ........ ;....;..". .... :::$2S-9*»
Cleanlnir woman, orphans' home.. $—»
Nurse. Instituticn -?2t>
Cook and second girl same house, coun-
try /. ...'.$30 $20
HouseworK, 3 family, no washing. Ross Val-
ley ........... • $ >0
Maid and seamstress, sleep horns *30
French or German companion, hotel ?30
• 4 chambermaids and waiting, hotels. $20-?25
2 waitresses, commercial hotel. country..*25
90 housework , girls, city, and countrj'. $20.
$25 and $'J0. and other plac»» too many to
advertise. Apply to J. F. CROSETT. & CO.,
334 Sutter st. ¦ "
HEAD waif res*, superior, had ; charge of 29
wattressea for 3 years, wishes situation. Se«
J. F. CROSETT A CO... 334 Satter st.
AT 508 Mason. MRP. WALSER. Tel. Black 153.1.
Swedish cook." sec. girl, same f am., city. $50-23
Stenographers. • bookkeepers, cashiers.'
Young lady, care Invalid, or trav. companion.
Laundress for hotel or. Institution.^ ";
Chambermaids, waitresses." city and country.
Man and. wife, cooks, for Alaska; refs.
' Man and wife, cooks, mining camp, t
A SEAMSTRESS and second girl, $25; a first-
class German cook, $40: a second girl for
small family, $25: a general housework ftrl
fcr Berkeley. $25. very easy iplaee. MIS3
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter; St.. near Powell.
A WAITRESS and parlor-maid. $30: S s*:ond
girls. $25: 4 cooks. $30 and $35: second girl.
Menlo Park, $25; chambermaid, hotel. *20;
nurse girl. $25: woman with a ' child. $15.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sotter St.: .
AT 509 Mason. MRS*. WALSER. Tel. Black 1533.
Girls for housework, plain cooking. .$2O-$5O
Nurse girl, child 5 years; German pref..$20
Cook, 8 4n family $ 30
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresstnj.
manicuring, etc. : trad«'taught from A to Z
in 2jwe<rks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13."
A— Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
•son: both seasons taught from start to finish
r In 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
rfpy anJ evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdressing
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket *t.. cor. . Jones. • room 94: positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
CAPABLE. Intelligent lady of pleasing appear-
ance to-do special demonstrating : th* abili-
ty to talk before small. audiences desirable;
$25 to $50 per week for right party. Writs
fully, .stating .experience, bot.1375. Call..
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser: will k e-»»«oy » i«ny'. ¦
hairdresser who has worked in my store be-
fore. M. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
YOUNG woman' for scrubbing and dishwash-
ing at the . Hebrew Orphanage. 600 Devisa-
dero et.; good -wage*. Apply 9 to 12 a. m.
EDUCATED woman. $50 a month salary guar-
anteed; 9 a. m. to 2. p. m. 637 Bush st.,
room 611.
CLOAK and suit alteration hands wanted. Ay-
ply, superintendent's office. The EMPORIUM.
A FRENCH or German girl with references in
private family. Hotel Granada, room ICO.
WANTED — A woman to do general work about
hotel. 1502 Kentucky st.
A PANTS finisher. ROYAL PANTS CO.; 223
Kenroy st.
ELDERLY lady, or young girl wasted for light
housework. Apply 1516 Central ave. •}£&&&
WANTED — Experienced salesladlts In chil-
dren's hats and caps. Apply at ence, S. N.
WOOD A CO.. 740 Market st.
WANTED — Pants finishers. Apply at ono» at
S. N. WOODiA CO.'S. 49 Geary st.
WANTED — Pants operators. Apply at ' ones,
S. N. WOOD & CO., 49 Geary st. •
FINISHERS on coats wanted. 27 Geary st.
S. N. WOOD & CO. -,-¦¦¦¦-.
WANTED — Experienced- dry goods saleswo-
men. : Apply between . 9 ¦ and .11 a.m. at
HALE BROS.'
"WANTBD-f-A young woman. who is an experi-
enced dry goods wrapper. Apply between*
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
"WANTED — Toting ' woman i who is aa experi-
enced art' goods saleswoman. Apply between
9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS." ;
WANTED — A.nurea for child about 2 years of
age; must coma well ¦ recommended and unin-
cumbered ; good place for one who desires a
good home; state age, experience and salary
expected. Apply. box 1416. Call office. '
WANTED—^To assist. 'In general housework." a
young Protestant girl; good home; 4 In fam-
ily; -wages $17. Call Thursday and Friday
forenoons. .251 Scott st. __^
YOUNG girls who have experience In WTspping
dry/ goods and underwear; steady positions :•
$25 month. L MAGNIN A CO.. 43-53 Ellis.
A GIRL to help at bushellng.' S. N. "WOOD *
CO., corner Powell and Eddy sts.
TOUNO girl to assist with light housework
and children; $15. 1636 Waller st.
— , — i ¦
1 GIRL for /general -housework and cooking:, na
window 'clean.; small laundry. .1303 Octa-rla.
WAN'TTO — A young lady as an assistant - to
dressmaker. Call at 106 Third ave.. R.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has b*ea
-opened at 1008 Market st.. opposita Firth.
Open until Up. m. . -
HELP WANTED" -MAT.P?.
X^ACTFlc^EltfPLayTSE^^A^^^CT!
. 526 — Montgomery ¦ st. — 628.
Phone Main 1191 — Upstair*. .
SPECIAL— MECHANICAL.
2 calkers. dredger work, free fare both ways,
good Job, $5 - day, $2 a bale to spin ' open
the oakum, before and after hours; foreman,
carpenter, dredger and . barge . work, see boas
here, good salary to right man; Z carpenters.
north, long job. $80 and -found; machinist
and electrician. . mine, south,: $3;~ deckhand,
dredger. $40 and found; pianerraan. - $1;
sticker; hand. . same _. place?, boss here, $4r ¦*
miners, .cheap, fare, $75; 2 machine miners.
8 hours, $90; 3 muckers. 8 hours, $75; 5
miners, south. $75: 8 laborers, you'll suit,
mine, south. $60; sheep shearer. 7c head. bU
Job: 2 milkers ;* 15 farmers. $26 to $30 and
found: cook and chores, 'ranch; handy man.
private place; 2 waiters", city hotel; 2 black-
smiths, one blacksmith's helper, country. "
NEVADA — 8 hours, . cheap- fare-., fee $1 — 20
teamsters, laborers and rockmen — Fee"$l.V
. 15 laborers, free fare, ' $2 day. ___1T
A SECOND cook for an Institution: $40. board
and room. MISS PLUNETT. 425 Sutter St..
: near , Powell.; - ¦ .. ¦
A - SECOND butler for a private famtly^$3_a
ar.d • foucd; references. MISS PLUNETT,
425 Butter, bt., near Powell.
AN all round laundryman for city Institution:
$40. board and roqm. Call at MISS PLUNK-
• ETTS, 125 Sutter. st., near Powell.
A'. MAN. to do general work around a club tn
city work consists ofsom* rough carpenter-
Ing and painting: references; $C5 and board.
MIS3 PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st., nr.Powell.
A »BAKEIt for institution; plain work:. $33.
board and room. • MISS PLUNKETT. ¦ 423
" Bntter-'st..- near. Powell. - .
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY.
14 Third st.; near Call bids.: phone Buih 403.
- - - THE STATE -OF- NEVADA, f-
CHEAP FARE— REFUNDED.
: U.rS.. GOVERNMENT WORK.
*.' 25 'teamsters *67 5O a month.
l.V laborers. $6O a month.
10 drillers, rockmen. hammersmen.- $75. .
Bench band.' $4 SO a day. •"Tj'i L aUkahj
Planer sticker hand.'*** a day.
Edgerman; sawmill. $75 a month and ¦ f oun<*.
Foreman, sewer and grading, city, $75 found
Camp cook, near city,' S"A
Baker. Nevada.^ fare ' advanced.' $50 found.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 THird st.
FAIRLY strong man aa general worker about
- sanitarium X and ; \ assistant mrrwe.. $35 an«i
found ; - colored porter. . $25 and . found : - ranch
teamster. $30 and' found; choreman. $20 and
found; ¦ gardener. $35 and : found: f laborers
for mine. $1 75 day: coopers, 9 cents per bar-'
rel;. milker*. $-10 and $40; farmers." $25 and
-$30 and found: handy man about' hotel. $20
to S_'i> and found: laundryman. $35 and found:
cooks. $40 month and $16 week;'club waiter. "-
$45: kitchen men ; and e others." J. • F. CRO-
SKTT;&:CO., 628 ' Sacramento et. ;
~7~: ~AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY,
>' 95 .THIRD ST. . Telephone Maifl 5521. '
• California.' Railroad Work; ¦- California.
• > Railroad •¦. teamsters. • not far • from 'city. 12 23.
Ranch hand. v Los ' Gatos. ?25 ' and < found. .
• 5 ranch hands, Sonoma. County. $1 and found.
Teamsters for 'Nevada.' ..; f2 25
' Laborers • for. Nevada .ir^TirvtT. ;. ....... .$2
6 colored waiters." city. hotel $35 and found.
' ,.;- ..-.¦.-:. ; .rHORD.;a SMITH.
a— . :-.-. >¦¦'.-¦- ' .; l . :•. ¦ - ,..._ . . t, .
Men to : learn the barber, trade, in two months
' and. seen re good positions; catalogue and full
. Information mailed *" free. -MOLER System
College. 635 Clay. <t.' , -¦
COATMAKERS to take work out BKLA8CO
& ¦ HARRIS 1 CO.. . 541 , Market J +.:
• CLAIRVOYANTS— -Contlnoert.
ISM AR, 'the ' Egyptian gypsy, - clairvoyant ' and
palmist, permanently. located at- 1104 Market
st.'. cor. Turk; private readings daily." 10 a.
m. to 5 v.' m.:- readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as In Derson; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date of ysar,
:¦ of birth; 'don't send currency; send postof flee, ;
> Wells- Fargo money order or registered letter.
Mrs. AlH.Kronenberg.palmist."' clairvoyant, card
reader;when' others fail try n.e; good readings
10c. 721 Franklin.nr.G.G.ave.TBl.Larkln 4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vice: names given ; .' 25c , up. ¦ • S35 . Howard • st.
MISS WARD,' clairvoyant,; gives names/ dates
facts; readings dally. /¦ 917 Market 6t.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, ' re-
moved from 132 to 'Xlft 6th; n.' 25c," g.' 50c.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
• 26»4 , Kearny, room 20; ; ladles 25c; gents 50e.
MME.' MARSEAU. card reader; ladles 25c;
gents 50c; hours 10 to 9. 120 Sixth St.
MRS. '-' BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
; teller.' is now at 317 Ellis st. ' "-
: : — « . L .
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader, slt-
tlngs dally. 44SV^ Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CARPET BEATING AND* CLEANING.
COMPRESSED air and vacum system now
: universally used in cleaning • carpets on
floor; without removal; price moderate; -8.
F. Compressed Air; Cleaning Co.. 30S Mar-
ket at.; teL Main 152. -Bush 475. l; L- "
WHEN you become dlssusted * with you work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehania St.: tel. 8outh 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 - Fourteenth Bt.,' clean-
tng & laying doue reasonably.' Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rlson St.: Al cleaning; 3c. ' Tel. Mission
CONKLIN'S" SupeAar Carpet-Beating Works. <
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating; mat-
trewes made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Cnrpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.:
tol. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel.Mlaslon 263.
COI^IiECTIOIT^orPICBg. ¦_'^
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city cr country. / Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Main 5580.
COTTAtJES TO LET.
$11t— NEW cot., 5 ri?.: $S, cot.," 5 rs. 17 Roscne,
.fltst st. to right off Crescent av; Mission cars.
CJtEPIT CliOTHIBJtg.*
C- F. ADAMS CO. ~ ~
SPECIAL CREDIT STOREL .
We clothe the whole family from hats to
•hoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. .318 Mason:st-^?5i$^r
dJOTHUfG SENOVATIKQ.
8UITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Karcbe. 40 Ellis St.. room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and 'deliver frea.
CX7BZS BUYTUBS. '." ¦
WHO?— Hunter. 1206 Market st.; $100; rupture
cure for $10: circular explains: Fend for one.
' DENTISTS. .
DR™<3RUBS, 516 Callaghan bldg.. Market and
. : McAllister sts.. 'jses the Basford obtunder;
the only device ever Invented" for grinding,
drilling and excavating teeth without pain.
Call for demonstration. Tel. Jeaslo 3606.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW.' plate — The Whalebone— cannot' break;
r warranted 20 yrs. ; crown.' $3 50; fillings. 50c:
plates, $5;.' full set:. all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
ELITE Dental Parlors. S38 Market* at. ; best
and cheapest office for all dental operations.
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor..'.Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up;flllings,25c.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-denUst.r.l4,lst
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2;. no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewitt,204 Suttr.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng; ¦double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
. Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
EpTC J ATION J AJt^_^^^_^^__ >
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most- delightful place of business
study in the entire West. . New. complete,
extensive departments.: Thorough, inspiring
Instruction. 75-pase catalogue, on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 901-
925 Golden Gate ave. / . :
AYRES. tho leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st.; established 18 years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free.'.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE/ 24 POST. S.
• F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, 'touch typing,
languages,' telegraphy.' English branches: day
and. night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position;. Gregg
shorthand Ellis bookkeeping. S.'F. Business
College. 1236 Market -st.
LEARN SPANISH In two months;, classes In
French and Spanish. $5 ¦ a month. • . .
• "B.- F: AMES. 'Teacher of Languages,
2G8 Golden Gate ave.. ¦ cor.' Hyde st.
HEALD'S School of Mines&Electrlcity, 24 Post
Bt., S. F.; a practical school of engineering:
complete : equipment. Special catalogue ' free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, min.. mech./\sur-
' vey, assay, cyanide; day, . eW; est.;1864: Van
der Nalllen School, • 113 Fulton, nr. City Hail.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs., Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays. -^Louise' Foster's
School of . Dancing. 1550 Market, nr. . Larkln.
ATTEND Gall£U?her-Marsh Business College on
- advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1382 'Market: catalog.
WESTERN Business Collcge;O<ld' Fellows' bid.;
- bookkeeping, shorthand. , touch typing,, arlth.,
B spelling, writing, etc. ; day, eve. ; $4 ; mo. ; eve.
DANCING— Professor Findlay has reopened his
Juvenile classes at Kindlay's Hall.. 17th at.;
Saturday 2 to 5; private Icssona daily. ' ."
KENT Law School, day and : night; includes
literature, history, languages. f . 536 Parrott bid.
SEANISH— A practical and progressive method.
RAFAEL SERRANO. 530 California. . r. " 4.
GUITAR, mnndolln and .piano. $3 . per; mo.;
mandolin club, $1 per mo. . 828 1 Haight . st. j
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
I PARTINGTON'S, : 424 i Pine st.— Night . claas.
PIANO leasona,: 25c? half hour.'. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. , 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
¦/.,-¦ EMPLOYMENT^OFFICEJI. • '-. ¦".
GEORGE 1 AOKI.: 421 Post st. ; ; teL ; Bush ; 135—
Japanese-Chinese.-- employment ", office;", fur-
nishes best help;. contracts for farm help; etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment 1 Of flee— Japanese-
i? Chinese help. 426 Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
FRITZ'S Emp," Office; .Japanese ;• and 1 Chinese
• • help. 415 Stockton st. ; Tel.' Grant 168. «• • \ • .,'
RELIA BLE- Japanese-Chinese Employment ' Of-
flne; all kinds help/,: 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHINESE and' Japanese help; i estab/. 20'years;
.Tel Main 1997. BRADLEY .';, CO.. 640 Clay.
BMPl-OTMKXT W.< NTKD^-KKM \MC.
A— -EXPERIENCED Swedish cook wants a po-
sition as working. .housekeeper : or ? cook; 1 8
years' ' references; ,- city- or country.' - 513 : Mc-
.'. Allister st. -;/.-. ..-. .'. ; ' ¦¦¦.-.-• ., :. : "'.^.., '.:,¦: -y
¦ MAN^ and « : wife \ with baby wish" position - on
' farm : wife ~. to cook, - husband .to > make him-
self useful.'. Apply 357^4 Minna st.\ between*
'.. Fourth ; and Fifth;;call before3 o'clock. . . ' .
COMPETENT/of flee assistant,' 4. yearsV experl-
. ence ; best ; ot i . recommendations . glven.> Box
N 1372,:Call offlce.\ ¦ .-•->'-.; ./,-¦ .-;:-' ; : .--; : '-.: '
A" MIDDLE-AGED; lady,:. would • like. a position
.to'do ; general 2 housework or "chamber 'work.
: -Address 2738 ; Bryant 'St.". .:¦:- : :V -' : . . ; ,*
A ' COMPETENT. 1 laundress ¦ and ; - houee-clfianer
. wants work ¦ at '< $1? per; day; > references. ".? Box
; 1429,^ Call; of flee.' v:, : : . ; -I .*•-'•¦"'., ¦':-"'. .''j.*.'*
AMERICAN r . woman wishes I housekeeper' a I po-
- sit ion or cook on ranch.> MRS. FAIRBANKS,'
Cotatl.% Sonoma County.' Cal. ..v 1 r.->^ ,-.<.- ,v
RELIABLE.^ competent' woman ¦, wishes | position
»r a s 'cook, where second - girl' Is kept. •¦¦1128
•Broadway.". \ '.;•' ?.-¦..*¦.<: t.".: "*. : " '."". *:.-J- ,
A YOUNG' German "girl, would dike a" situation
: - in a small 'family.? Call at'llSarFllbert st." ; ;
A ;' JAPANESE girl b wants: a' ; situation; 3 Is * good
yi cook ; X has ¦• good j reference : i city v or j country ;
i ''-. wages $35 , up per, month.'; TAKAi'j 424 : Powell.'
JAPANESE ; " nice J girl : i wants 3 position ; j to ". do
-.cooking anrllb^usewcyk In family. ,ll.",T.T 1109
"Pierce st.'i Tel.; Scott .1785- ..'•_;
EMPLO YMEST WANTED — FEMALB.
POSITION by._neat. refined Eastern woman:
elderly; llkesTchildren; good plain cook; ca-
* pable "entire work of ' family ;"- wages $12.
Box" 1499. -Call. '
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
'Z opened at 1008 Market at., opposite Fifth.
. Open. until 11 p. ,m -.. • .
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
, Call branch office.. cor. Duncan &. Church ata.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for : The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 633 McAllister at.
. ¦ POSITION BROKERS.,-. ,v.',
•Clerks, salesmen. : bookkeepers. : stenogra-
phers,: help, of all kinds; • we furnish compe-
tent and . experienced help - ; thaj ,we recom-
mend to fill rositlrns satisfac'torily.'f ; . -
WILDE & CO.. 759 Market St., •room 16.
¦ - . Phone James .7141.' ...
YOUNG man would like position as entry clerk '
and stenographer. Address box 1428, Call 1
office. *•-¦.-.
WANTED — By a man with considerable hospi-
,_tal experience. Invalid and traveling com pap - i
'ion, -a position in any of the above capacities;
first-class 1 references if required. Address
box 1S77, Call office. ;
JANITOR— Man and wife, no children. Ger-
man -Swiss*; man engineer, do all kinds of
repairing, own tools; wife do housecleanlng.
Box 1371. Call office. r.
ALL around butcher and sausage-maker would
like a position in the city or country. Ad-
dresa 67. Ryan ave.,. San Francisco. ¦
COOKS — Two strictty sober Eastern men- want
ranch cooking together;, best of references.
Address box 1381. Call office.
MAN, 35 years, wants situation at something
with chance for advancement; small wagea
Box 1370. Call. .
A YOUNG man (Swede) : wants a position to
do anything. Box i 1373. Call office. j
WANTED— Position as collector by young I
man. 3145 Twenty- fourth st. . *
TWO farmers would like to get work in city
or country. Box 1378, Call office.
WANTED— Situation by man of 22 as clerk In
wholesale house. Box 1436, Call office. ..
CARPENTER— Experienced In mines. l3ox 1414,
Call office.
WANTED— Light work for afternoons, from 1
to 6 o'clock. Address box 1498. .Call office.
WANTED — A man with over 20 years' ex-
perience in logging-, railroad construction
and timber estimating would like a position
a? traveling agent to look up timber land or
take charge of extensive legging operations;
__references. Address C. box 1187. Call office.
YOUNG M. E, Wants position as draughts-
man; home work preferable; specialist on
gas engines and tool designing; detailing
¦ done neatly and correctly. L. NORDSTROM
,910 Pine st.
WANTED— Steady position on ranch: 20 years'
experience with cattle, horses, farming: am
married, family ¦» children, who will work.
Address G. H.. B.. 2475 Post St.. San Fran-
cisco. . .
YOUNG man. steady, desires position on pri-
vate place: good gardener: understands
horses; good driver; can mtlk. ' Box 1132,
Call office, Oakland. ' .
WANTED — By experienced night watchman.
• position In factory, warehouse or wholesale
houso; first-class references. Address J. V.
QUENTIN. 3121 Sixteenth St.. S. F.
YOUNG man wants ' position in office; good
penman, honest and accurate; will work hard
for advancement; will start at moderate sal-
ary; can furnish bond. Box 1302, Call office.
COACHMAN and wife (British) want positions,
city or country; city references. Box 1424.
Call office.
GARDENER and man about place wishes po-
sition; thoroughly understands care of horses
and can, mtlk; references. Box 1382. Call.
PLUMBER (licensed) wants work by the day
or week from property owner; has all nec-
essary shop tools. Box ¦ 1452. Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS cabinet maker wants a posi-
tion in factory or furniture store. Box 1394,
Call office. .
BARTENDER -and -first-class mixer ' from " th«
Kast would like, position; best references.
Box 55. 1008 Market st. ......
WANTED — Place as cook In country; pleasure
or mining, camp. Box 1418, Call office.
CARPENTER — Experienced In mines. Box
1414, Call office. - ' -
AN experienced glazier wants work here In. the
city. Address box 1393. Call office.
YOUNG German (Hannoveraner) . wants ' poai-
I tion in I a~ grocery store. R. ¦ B.. 305 Noe " st.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants situation as cook
for right family; city or country; wages $6
up. B. HENRY. 455 Jessie st: ' '
JAPANESE, strong man, wants a position to
. do cooking, and -general housework; $6>week.
G. AKI, 1303 H Castro st.
¦ - 'FLATS TO LET. ' '
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department: over 1000
In number: a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST..'
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service - absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will • save * you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., -245-259 Geary
Bt., on the square. "'.'
EIGHTEENTH, near Valencia — New . flat, 5
rooms and bath;- all ¦ modern improvements.
Sixth, near. Bryant — Two- flats of -4 rooms
each: $7 W> each.. Apply to G. A. LEROUX.
29 -New. Montgomery st. - - . . _, -
WANTED— Party to share a modern .flat, va-
cant May -1;< rent $35;. nine rooms. Call at
1303 Vi Waller, st. . for; particulars.-:'
$42.50 — ELLIS St., 8 sunny rooms, modern; $25,
.. sunny corner, 8 rooms. . bath. ¦•* PATTERSON,
room 202, Examiner- build Ing. *- <
FLAT, of .1 nice rooms. . Apply 11 Clara st.,
' between^ Third and. Fourth. '
UPPER flat. 1333 , Ellis ; st.tv between Lajruna
and Buchanan; 6 rooms, bath; rent $27 60. '
5-ROOM flat;: $15.;No. 6 Sunny court,' Geary
*.-. St.. bet. Webster" and • Buchanan. ¦ "
ANEW modern flat cf 6 rooms and bath; rea-
sonable to responsible party/ 823 Harrison st.
ELEGANT sunny corner top flat; rent reason-
able to responsible party. * 799 Cole, at. ¦ ..-
MODERN flat. 5 r. & b., yard.'Jwsement; fash-
ionable ; water j free; | rent $27 50. ¦ 3309 Clay.
DOWNTOWN, modern-sunny flat; 0 rooms,
I j bath; every, convenience. . 938 ¦ Post,- nr. ¦ Hyde. <
GREEN, 2065 — Sunny English basement . flat;
: : bay, view ;¦! ¦ rooms. - bath ; .' lawn reaftv
CHEAPEST and beat in America— The Weekly
v . Call, 16 pages, - rent to - any , address . In t h»
United States 'or Canada one year for <t:
V ':• Fi«ATS TO LET— -FURNISHED.
TWENTIETH, 4230. '¦< near , Castro cars— Nice
'sunny 5-room parlor flat;, good view; r $30.
FOLSOM.- 647— Lower part" of house; complete;
piano. .. .- - ;¦¦'¦; ' r ¦ • '. ; .-
SOUTH PARK, ¦; 79— Furnished \ npper flat of
. ¦ . R : rooms; rent -reasonable/ Apply 1 ;30 to' 6,'
FLATS ' FOH SALE—FIJB.1I3HED.
ATTRACTIVE, sunny . upper flat ; 6 rooms and
, bath; newly .furnished; flne carpets,, elegant
,- : furniture; rent, reasonable; "a bargain. 172°
•-.Eddyist: .v v. .'; -. .¦_' ¦'..'¦ ,^'- ;..
FOR'sale-^3-room furnished 'flat; bath ;' reason-
able, rent;, cheap for cash; Geary, near Polk
. Box 13S7," Call ¦ office. ,.... ..-..¦;
NICE sunny corner flat,'- 6 rooms; furnished; a
bargain. 224 iTownsend st..'.bet. Sd rand 4th.
. .'FURNITURE FOR 8ALB. > ,
CHEAPEST place ' to . buy^ furniture,";' stoves and
I ' household ' goods ; * flats ¦ bought. '. Mission - Auo.
. House. ' 420-439 - Valencia; r tel.- Church • 3870.-.
/.„% FURNITURE WANTED. %.
T''Y^M . ; ' ; abe:levt. "-/-','/¦ v~~~",
- Salesroom. =1135 Market; st. iTel. Jessie 7A1.
Don't; sell your ; furniture, j carpets, : office 'fur-
.:.." nlture, ¦ etc., . until you , get ! hla estimate. -¦ • :_, :
CHAS. LEVY & CO." pay highest price for fur-
' « nlture, carpets, etc 7S2 Mission; tel.' Bash 467.
A. L. STORRS pay 9 highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc. ; tel. Larkln 3631. 634 Ellis.
'A.' WOLLPERT, ,773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
- : buys.'' rents." repairs. ¦ packs furniture," carpets.
B. i T. T t SCHELL, , 2412 Mission. - teL"" Church 5570.
'¦>-. pay s t best . prices : for '. furniture, i carpets, etc.
HIGHEST prices for furniture. and mdse.-ri:H. J
? BURD.rauctioneer.1318 Mkt.;tel.Howard 275*.
lonr.txr. hot-kk* for ' «» k r.F.-— c«n.
A. CAMERON & CO.* • r .Phone South 1050.
- 3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.. .1 ¦¦'
Headquarters for Rooming-Houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances. - .
• 108 rooms;, cheap, rent; new and elegantly
furnished: up-to-date roomlng-house:;has fine
bar. can be run 'In, conjunction If desired; rare
chance for right .parties;, part- cash, balance
can be 'paid out of the house: other business In-
terests demand Immediate departure.'
126 rooms;<rent only $4 per room;, new and
up-to-date house; - all men; ¦ electric elevator,
lights; long, lease ¦ clears $400 to $500 • per
month; one of the. best buys In the city.
19 rcoms: rent only $100; well furnished: lit-
tle apartment-house; 1 educed to $1100.
14 rooms; r»«nt only $60- oak furniture; good
carpets; part tash," balance time; price $850.
. 36Vooire; rent $3 60 per room;: flrst-class_
downtown location; Ion* lease; thoroughly
renovated and put in best condition; guaran-
teed to clear over $20O per month: flne oppor-
tunity for good investment; price/ $2500.-- .
-" CO roorrs: cheap rent; close in ;. thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
SO ; rooms ; rent only $150; oak and cherry
fur.; fin* carpets; close In; flne money-maker.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished- 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
Ing $400 to $000 per month; obliged to leave
city. -. '
It rooms; rent $40; close in: oak, cherry fur-
niture Brussels carpets-' clears $55 over all
expenses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
40 rooms; elegantly furnished; rent only $250:
oak. and mahogany 1 furniture:' 60. boarders;
clearing $250 cer month; close In; .fine buy:
price $6000. - ¦
9 rooms: sunny flat; rent $50; oak. mahog-
any fur.; obliged to leave city; reduced to $650.
28 rooms: elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing flne business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350. ' ¦ ' -'
162 rooms; most' elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house in San Francisco'; beautiful, mod-
ern building; flne entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 per month;. 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year. , : ¦•' ¦
18 rooms; rent $S5; north 'Market; close in;
good money-maker: reduced from . $1600 to
$1100.
99 rooms: part offices; .elegant new building
and furniture, hlgh-clase location:- beautiful
halls; everything modern: first-class grill in
connection; best proposition in city; called
East.
24, rooms;, rent $145:' new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahogany; flne proposition;
good lease.
• 128 rooms; cheap' rent:, long lease; flrst-
clai-s up-to-date downtown house; well fur-
nished: clearing $500 to $600 per month; must
sell on account of other business; only with us.
S> rooms: ¦ flne upper flat; rent only $30: can
h" had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450. ..',.'
126 rooms; flne downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths.; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear. Investigation.
21 rooms; corner; 'rent only $85; oak fur.;
good carpets, housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 aver all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; pries
$lC00. •
¦* ¦• ¦- ¦ ¦ : •
BO rooms; new; modem apartment-house; 10-
year-leaae; cheap rent: clearing $250 to $300:
very central; first-class proposition.
17 rooms; Ellis st. ; rent $70; oak furniture,
Axminster carpete; fine condition; clears $80;
flne little buy.
150 rooms; beautiful corner; 3 and 4 room
apartments: grand marine view; new and mod-
ern throuphout; most elegantly furnished house
in city: call for. terms and particulars.
00 rooms; cheap rent; -new and beautifully
furnished; modern building; close in; full of
nice people; \'~ cash, balance low Interest.
75 rooms; grand newibullding: elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent: 10 years' lease; clo«e In:
clears $400 per month;- $4000. down, balance
8 per cent per annum; departure.- :¦'-•
I ¦ . — r-7- ¦ ¦'
33 rooms; cheap rent; good lease; beautifully
furnished: new modern building; -very central:
all full; little gem of a house; leaving city. -
¦ ISO rooms: -grand anew . modern- apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rer.tr fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month:
close in; "full nice people; bargain If taken at
once; dissolution of partnership. . »
138 rooms; downtown . commercial hotel; 8
years' lease; cheap rent; elegantly furnished:
one of 'the best opportunities to- secure flrst-
clas*. hotel; owner has "other ' : business; part
caeh. balance time. , ,-.
SIXTEEN-ROOM lodging-house, 402 Geary et.,
corner Mason; no agents. ' .
A 19-ROOM boarding-house, - full of boarder*
and 15 day boarders, i 663 Howard st.
TAYLOR, 318 — 12 well-furnished rooms and
bath clears $40 and your 2 rooms; reasonable.
16 ROOMS: rent $S0; water free: 2%-year
¦ lease; .furnished new: make pffer.. 323 Taylor.
A BRANCH office of The Callfor the reception"
- of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 d. m.- ¦ -• ¦ '
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
St. business med'm, read dally $1; dev'p'g class
Thurs. S p.m.: tel. Geary .984; 1000B G.G. ave.
A MATERIALIZING seance Friday and Sun-
day evenings; 50c. 328 Ellis str ,
MRS. LESTER'S test circle S p.' m., 10c; read-
Ings dally, 25c and 00c. 122 Taylor st.
EDWARD EARLE, 1002 Ellis,' readings dally,
9:30 to 4; seances' Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy St. Phone Scott 887.
• CLAIHVOYANTS.
.THE FUTURE REVEALED,
THE PAST DISCLOSED,
THE PRESENT. ANALYZED . /
BY LIVINGSTONE.
42S Eddy st. . ¦ ¦- / ¦-• :-
' PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living page of Flammarlon's .treatises that
i« so electrifying the world to-day. HE IS
NO IMITAtOH. His work Is! upon original
lines: PURE . THOUGHT. ' CLEAR VISION.
He TELLS YOU. WHAT YOU. DESIRE TO
KNOW, AND WORKS' IN THE OPEN
LIGHT. AND IS AS , CONSPICUOUS FOR
ITS WONDERFUL OCCULT ANALYSIS AS
.IT IS FOR ITS ORIGINAL EXPRESSION
AND VIVID TRUTHFULNESS.
¦ A test reading is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LI VINGSTONE he | will
give you a full life reading for $1. A test Is
«f little value when the 1 mind Is: troubled —
. you need more substantial - aid . and advice.
This .is Just what PROF.; LIVINGSTONE!
gives you when you call on him for a flrst-
| class clairvoyant reading.'. :¦ He * aska you no
questions, but tells you 1 what I you wish to
know;--' ••' ¦— y r-,.--. • ; -.'
He does not mention all the' Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to.- You are acquainted
with the factslin your ca«e.'-- Let PROF.
• LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find the cause. of trouble and
. suggest" the remedy.' . • . ; r\ .",
'. Remember the . number^ — 128 f, EDDT ST.
Hours, 10 a. m. ¦ to 8 . p. ¦ m.
ASSURED SUCCESS FOR YOU. •:"... ~ '
- . Call at once and save $4. , /
Hla famous $5 reading this week for ¦
$1 SI - $1 $1. |l tl f , $1 ..$1
. >.<• charge • :. ..-,- No charge .
Unless you obtain the , Information for .
whfch you consult'hlm.' *•„'*'
. . PAUL DESTINE, -..>
The first registered .: trance * clairvoyant * and
* palmiet ever in San Francisco.'- .
Read carefully.. : -An honest proposition.
J^psSfWJSW (You to be full 1"i1r~ t -ngl" Mil HilPnl
13 I do hereby 'solemnly agree and -guarantee to
make no charge tf I. fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you If
husband, .wife or lover is true or : false; who
and when you will marry; how to gain the love
of the one you desire; Vin fact.", I wiirtell"ou
every hope. .fear, or ambition better than you
can tell yourself : his advice is reliable, his pow-
ers are . wonderful' and : indisputable; he t Im-
proves; your character*, so- that; you, will reach
Ihn hlsliest possible: development in mental
vigor." health, . happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; 'the controlling ;* power.- implanted r.ln
y our j nature. : so ycu can! change the Intentions,
actions ¦ or ; habits . of any,- one ¦ secretly; ;¦ cures
disease I and ' lost vitality : ! gives : advice on . min-
ing and burled - treasures;' gives - you 1 success in
life; t he • cuarantees ¦ you j success --. or ¦ • charges
nothing for his set vices. ."• ¦: - : - ' •' . \,
'. 10 a. » m. to 8 ; p. . m. ; ; Sundays,* 2 to ¦€.'.'
~ ,326— O'Farrell street— 326. :;. .
A— MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant me-
¦ dium I and ca rd ; reader,- born | with J a ? double
' .veil ' and second ; sight," tells ' past,-: present and
.. future; : I.* 60c," g. by cards ; $1 ; ; palmistry 'and
clairvoyant sit,, $1 BO.- 312 Mason.; nr. Geary.
A— MIss'M." Wllle,46a*Geary, clairvoyant crys-"
¦ :¦ tal seer, and life. reader,' will ; tell I you '. exactly .
what.you called for.' without tasking a. ques-'
t;on : , names given* special,' $1 ; hours 10 to v 8. :
MISS ZEMDAR,' young.' gifted -clair.- and palm. ;
. ,i : ; has • second > sight ; r a -t wonderful s prophetess ;
. ; names; 1. 50c. g. $1..714 Franklin, nr. G.Q. ave.
A— MME." BERNARD reads your'Hfe correctly.
r . advice ; given on j ail * affairs ' of 1 life ; \ satistac-
. ¦: tlon guaranteed ; 25c up.-,- 17; Sd,"- next ' Exam.
_JBl'SI.\ESS CHA.'yCES— -Contlnned.
A— STRANGERsT ATTENTION !
Are you lookirs for. a -fcafe and profitable
bUBine^s opt-ning in. San Francisco? If so,
we can offer you any number requiring ail
Investment from |100 to $59. 000; every bus!-
n«.ssopportur(ity' 1 hat 'passes through our of-
fice muft stand the closest investigation, and
w» can place you in a *tore, factory, hotel,
mill, office, or. in fact,, any business you
may prefer.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A—BANK AND COMMERCIAL references.
GEKMAN1A U.VEST. CO., »27 Market. st.
A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can invest $500 in a
hieh-claEs reel estate ottice and fill position
of cashier; experience not necessary; invest-
ment t-ecured and J2'J weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., l?27 Market tt.
A— WE WILL FURNISH YOU A BOND.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A— SHIPPING AND TRANSPORTATION.
A buslnesfi man who can Invest "$«>000 cath,
with sendees, can secure good opening with
high-class company in this city.v^v
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A— WE CAN FURNISH YOU A PARTNER.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— HOTEL FOR SALE. •
New and modern; 80 rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
Ing-rocm with 16 tables and imported Vienna
chairs: the best carpets money can buy
throughout; finest linen and best silver ser-
vice; 10 years' leaser $10,000; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market «t.
A— WE. CAN SELL' YOUR STOCK.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market at.
A— }100 REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof showing that
any person ever lost a dollar, who Invested
any money In or through our company. -
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY,
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock. $60,000. *
927 Market st.. rooms 321. 322. 323. 324.
A— ONLY HIGH-CLASS INVESTMENTS!
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market et.
A— 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
* On Investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a renutable business estab. 3 years in S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— WK refer to 10,000 successful clients.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market *t.
_ 1
A— A SAFE INVESTMENT.
fiOOO cash and cervices secure Interest and
office of trpasurer in an Incorporated realty
and Investment company; $150 monthly as-
*ured- highest reference* given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927. Market st.
A— WE CAN SELL YOUR BUSINESS.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., f>27 Market st.
A^ MERCHANTS, ATTENTION!
Do you wi$h to enlarge your business, or do
you deeire additional capital? If so, we car
furnish you with an active or eilent partner
who will invert | from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A — Largest brokerage company on Pacific Coast
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A — THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares cf sold stock of the Norton Bay
Co.. $25: will be worth $200 by Auguet. 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
FOR SALE — A small hotel. furnished, on
: Beach- Hill. Santa Cruz; also furnished cot-
tare for rent. Address "J. S.." 66 Wash-
ington Et.
WANTED — To lease a hotel; country preferred.
Box 4143. Call office. .
$2.">nHALF interest in massage business: good
locality: would sell whole If required. 764
I.arkin st.
$725 BUYS restaurant: all new fixtures: rent
$20; living rooms; lease; clears $150 per
month. Box 1275. Call office.
BAKERY for rale in a good country town, on
a<-count of tickness; $200 to $300. Inquire
405 McAllister st. ¦
WANTED — A side line for southern mines and
Southern California; liquors preferred. Box
1415. Call office. .
BAKERY at a bargain if sold this week: slck-
ncss cause of ' selling;' baking 10 barrels a
week; rent S35. 176 Second st.
jio.%0— GROCERT and bar: horse and wagon
and livirg rooms attached; In Western Addi-
tion; for sale. Box 30S6, Call office.
WANTED— A general merchandise store In a
small town in California: mining town pre-
ferred. Box 3013. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a hay and crain business
either whole or half Interest: Address, with
particulars, box 3578. Call office.
sTfion— DELICACY etore: average receipts over
$22 50 per day. best location In > city. Box
4183. Call office. ' ' .
SA1.OOX — Good business; established 30 years;
price cheap: investigate this. 330- Main st.
SPECIAL bargain: ealoon on Sixth st., below
Folsom. Apply 112 EIHb, between 2 and '¦%
GERMAN or American partner ' with $1<HX):
mfg. business^ $200 month. Box 1351, Call.
A GOOD investment for man or woman. Per-
fume Palace. 775 Market st. •
WANTED — A delicatessen store; well estab-
lished. Bos 4247. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a dairy with pasture and
stock: give full particulars.. Box 4131, Call.
WANTED — Good carpenter as partner; plenty
work. 3373 Eighteenth ft. .
$300— FLORIST store; estab. 5 years:-rent $18;
2 living rooms; good location. Box 1409, Call.
DELICATESSEN and restaurant; first-class
location. Apply 414 Jones st. ¦'
FOR sale — Grocery and bar; $1100; good loca-
tion. Box 1733, Call. ¦ » - , ¦ . ...
$350 — CANDY and icecream store, 2593 Mission-
*t. Inquire at 270S Twenty-fourth Ft. - -
LODGUVG-HOUS12S FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in flne front officer
Phone Black 3607. Or take elevator 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abctract free with every sale.
We sell any house on our installment plan.
RESPECTABLE, quiet and clean; 14 flne large
rooms; housekeeping; rent $40: clears J41
monthly; price $700. «ee MARION GRIFFIN.
40 ROOMS.
A 2-story house of 40 rooms: good furnish-
ings; all men roomers; rent $110; clears $156
monthly; reduced to $3000; easy to manage.
Also a 17-room house on Van' Ness — - ¦
ave.; rent $00; very little work for "
landlady; fine appearing house, inside and
out; exquisitely furnished in elegant oak and
mahogany; rich Brussels carpets; clears $106.
Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
31 LARGE sunny rooms; new building; straight
rooming-house, see? Fine location, . near -
Geary and Jones; eminently • respectable: '.
make offer Vi my agent. MARION GRIFFIN.,
20-ROOM hou?e put down to $1000; clean '
and full; rent $60; clears $«0 month;
sunny side of street. See MARION GRIFFIN.
PERFECTLY appointed 50-room house in fa
very -central location, furnished elegantly
April. 19(13: electric elevator, electric lights;
hot water In every room; 8-year lease: income
$41*6 over rent; all large single rooms; room-
ers all business men,, .
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406. Hearst bid.
SNAP this. l> rooms for , . ¦ $250;
S rooms furnished: 6 blocks north of Market;
rent $35. Call at 2 p. m. on . ' "
'¦-.'•'•' ¦-'- MARION GRIFFIN.
80 ROOMS. ' ' - • ' • •
Newly furnished 1 year ago; $.1800;
full of : men roomers; wide halls; lease;
vtry low retit. " MARION GRIFFIN. ,
SWELL transient house. *„,'-' . : _ ; ¦"¦- ;
Beautifully furnished: extra' flne " hair mat-
tresses; new and modern building; on sunny
corner;--24 rooms; , rent? $135;. • price $2i>00;
worth ¦ $40u0 as ' * . money-maker ; "¦ "
'. See MARION; GRIFFIN.-
THE swellest small family hotel in San Fran-
cisco; treasonable rent.. long '..lease; splendid
location: gas, electricity, private. baths, mag-
nificently furnished and fully, equipped; 'small
¦house. 'but dears over $5000 a year. MARION
GRIFFIN. - 40tt . Hearst ; building. . '
,100 ROOMS; sunny corner; rent '$125.... $4500
11'.!. rooms; .clears $350; low. rent. ....$4500
SO rooms; furniture r nearly • new. . '. ; . . . .'.jajjoo
US rooms: flne location,: north of -Market.'. $900
40 rooms: in Oakland: -hew;; rent $60.'. :. $2500
12'rooms; half rash; .cheap rent..'. : :. w .y. .$«x>
Money . to loan "» on ; fuf nlture.' ; z EITEL < &
CARROLL,, 212 Kearny. st.~ " ' _ , - . 4 \- ¦
MITCHELL & CO:..... ...':.. Phone Jessie 2981
1 . 12CKS Market st.. opposite Sixth.
: .*-,.- . NOTICE.? ¦ . , , l- •' : C ¦ : ; '
1 We'. have apartment-houses, rooming-houses
and •' fiats to exchange..- Call and' examine • our
lisJL ' .•.-*;»¦'-,-- 1 \ j.-r;:;- ¦'•-¦,¦ . •• .
16-ROOM '„ house.' • close '¦' In,* cheap' rent, 4 - good
- lease,: no vacant rooms., for $1200;? payments
monthly. ; * Address box 2760. • Call office.".
P T 0nN S. SPSECKELS. Proprietor.
J. MARTIN* Business Manager
TEX DOLLARS I1EWAKD. *
Notify The Call Office if You Miss
Yotir Pa^>rr.
tf for car cause TEE CALL 1> net de-
tirerexl resrularly to subscriber* nlease
call up 'CALL EXCHANGE" and notify
Subscription Clerk in charjre. Tonr com-
plaint will receive prompt attention.
A .etandlntr regard cf Ten Dollars
fSlO.OOt is offered fcr tbe arrest and
ccnvlctlon of any one causrht &t«*Un*
I HE CALL.
TELEPHONE.
Aek fer THE CALL. The Operator Will Cen-
a»« Tcu With the Department Tou'Vlrt.
rurllcarlcn Office. ... .Mai k»t and Third. R. T.
Edtorifel Room 217 to 221 Stevenson «.
IVJh-ered tv Carriers 2n Ct* Per Week. "3
Cts. Per 'Month Sinpl* Copies » C*? 1 "^,.,.
T»rm» by Mall. Including Postage iCaeh VUta
Order* : _.
DAILT CALL <!nclud Sun4aj>. 1 year...*5.w
DAILT CALL «ln-lud. Fur.aay>. 6 mos 4 w
DAILT CALL— By Single Month ••«•
ft-XDAT CALL 1 T«*er - °? ,
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Tear i-ir?
FORPT _.. r DaiU^.18 M> Per Tear Ertra
POF-firF 1 BuaSatT 4 16 Pw Tear Extra
PCETAGE. weekly. 1.00 Per Tear Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Pairple Ccpie? will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail ruberriber* in ordering change of ad-
tress eheuld be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prernr-t and correct compliance with their re-
fUCSt.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1I1S Broadway Telephone Main 10SS
BERKELEY OFFICE:
814$ Orter gireet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON «X)RnESPONPENT:
PAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YCPK ICEtVa STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hot*!; A. Brentano, 31
t'rion Square; Murray Hill Hotel: Fifth-ave-
ru# Hctel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Efcernian House: P O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Audltortum
ttctxl; Falmer House.
CHICAGO RErRESENTATTVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.Marquette Buying
'Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2618."»
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE.
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Squar*
EUSIXEES OFFICE of the San Franclsoo
CaTT.-oorner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
iocs Market street, eppesite Fifth: open until
II p. rn.
t27 Montgomery street, corner day; open
«M1I 8:30 p m.
SW Heye« street; open until 8:30 p. m.
€.*>!> McAllister rtreet: open until 8:30 p. m.
615 Larkln street; open until 8:30 p. rru
:«M1 MisEion ctreet: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; opea
until 9 p. n. .' ¦ • '.
TPfi Ele\-enth street; open until 9 p. m.
lffC \'alencia street; open until 8 p. m.
Ncrthee^t corner Church and Duncan streets;
cp»n until 8 p. tn.
Northwest comer of Twenty -second and Ken-
tucky strtets: open until 9 p. m.
J2W Flllmcre etreet; open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
CALL subscribers contemplating a
chanre of residence dnrlnr the cummer
lucrth? can bars tbeir paper forwarded
b7 mcll to their new address by notify-
ize THE CALL Business Office. This
caper will rjto b« on sale at all summer
retorts and is represented by a local
agent in all towns on the coast.
MEETI.VU NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1.' K. ,**_
T.— Regular assembly THIS EVEN- liVr
ING at 7:30. Order of Temple. All lit]
lrat«n courteously invited. Np*
THOMAS il. BROWNE. Com.
T. L. HENDERSON. Hecorder.
AFVLl'M ft Goldrn Gate Commandery x
No. «t>. X. T.. €25 Sutter St.— Special *TrtT
fissembb THIS EVENING nt 8 SB
o'clock. C»rder of 'jemple tjefore th«> n5*
«Jr»nd <"ommardrry. All frater* arr
onurt-ouFly in\-lt«-d. I'y order of the Vom-
niander. THEO. FROLICTI, Recorder.
,LA PARFAITE UNION Lodge. No. 17. m
F. and A. M.— <;alled meeting FRI-vV
PAY EVENING. April 22. at 8 /^\
t>'« lo«~k. First dfpre*. By order of the
W. M. P. b'T. JULIEN. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. KM. F. and A. M.. fi
«vill n:«t THIS EA'ENING. 7:30 W
rt'tloch. 2 D. /VN
[•CCOnCE PENUNGTON. S»creUry.
ITALIANA Lodge No. '219. <»T~
K. and A. M. — Second dejrrec THIS \A/
IFRIDAY* EVEMX<; nt 7 :.".O o'clock.
G. SCALMAN1NI. Secretarj.
CA LI VX)R MA Lodge No. 1. K. of P..
niectfc THIS PR1UAY at S o'clock. V-*S»/<
Pioneer building. 21 Fourth rU '
Pago rank long lorin. Visitors in- >5^5<f
vtted. V. O. MOLL. C. C. •«- i^^
n N. McLENXAN, K. of R. and S.
KNIGHTS ~OF PVTinAF. aTtention! VS.
— Goldrn City Lodge No. 63 will VJffl*//
confer tbe Knicht rank (long form) ySw
«.r. rlUDAY EVENING, April 22, i3S< 1
1804. at Castle Hall. Wly Market rx.
Brother? amJ *i?itln»5 Kntyhts reenett fully in-
\i*^i. . T. H. KLKINGTON. C. C.
El). M. COFFEY. K. It. and S.
6AN-f RANCISCO Tent No. 1«.
K O T. M-— Review THIS /v^-^TfK
jKRIDAV) EVENING, at s fi*^3 rt t^*3
o'clock. Pioneer Hall, 2J U^i mQ*J
' D. B. RICHARDS.
Rerord Ket-t«r. Nt-<jmgt4»y
NOTICE of annual meeting of Mercantile Trust
Company of San Francisco— The regular an-
r.ual >neeting of the Stockholders of the
Mercantile Trust Company of San Francisco
will ©e held on WEDNESDAY. April 27.
1PO4, at 12 o'clock noon. >it the office of
the company. 464 California street. San
T"Tandsco. California, for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to «erve for' the
<nci.nK year, and for the transaction of such
ether bufines* as may come before tbe meet-
»n«. . .
TrannTer books will clcse on Saturday,
Ar-'ll 16. 1904. at 12 o'clock noon. -
D*»«d AdtII 11. 1904.
JOHN D. McKEE. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the shareholders of
the. t-an Frnncinco Ga« and Electric Com-
pany for the election of director* and the
transaction of Eurh other business up may
come bri'cre it will be held at the office of
the company. 415 Pomt St.. in the city of San
Franf-ieco. Cal., nt . 1 :30 o'clock p. m.. April
?6. !»«4 The tranafrr took* of the com-
pany will be closed from April 10 to and in-
cluding April 26, 1904. s
<fi!tned) CHAS. L. BAMRETT. tec
Da ted. San Francisco. April 12. 1904. .^~
ANNUAL MEETING— The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the El Rico Mining Com-
l-any will be held on MONDAY, tbe 2d day
or May. ICtM. «t the hour of 2 o'clock In the
• ftemoon, at the orflceR of the said company
r2» Crocker building, city and county of Smi
Francisco, State of California. S. D. WOODS
{Wr-tary. Dated April IS. H»Q4.
,^Aavg»Tysraasirr waiTuni.
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
rf property Ihcee $10 srl:o!ars!<:pb in tb£ best
College ut Advertisinc . In the United States,
I will sell them at 25 per cent discount for
cash: 'the college teaches advertising writ-
Ing by correspondence and assists its grad-
uate* to secure ' noBitione: catalogues fur-
nifchxi on ¦pnllfatton. A^drefm ho» XCrSH. C«H.
AUTOMOU1LO. -
fcECOND-ITAND aulornobiles In flrst-claea
ch^pe for sale cheap. ' Inquire at 20 Golden
' .Gate, are.; phone Howard B71.
ATTORAEVS-AT-LAW. - "T
"~T" ADVICE FREE *
Colombian Law & Coll. - A gey., .r. K5, SIS
•'Market: ' obone John 022^5; or«?n evenings;
transac!b at most reasonable rates all iegit-
•.::•!:¦» law bvfinftn: bondv furnished 1b crim-
inal an<) '-rvii casec: rmall collections ' taken.
H.W. KiNG.. Atiornry-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
*"t ri floor. * entrance room 611 : establishetl 'M
year*: all <-w.\ general court and office prac-
tice: no fee in advance or for const'ltatioo;
tvecicgv by appointment. TeL ned'306L
ATTORXEV-AT-LAAV — Conllntied.
A PRIVATE* quick divorce for small fee.
fe« rr.e and eave money; no pay In- advance.
G W HOWE. ATTORNETAT-LAW.
E»taMlEh*d 22 yrs.: m». I. 2. 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market ft. between Mason and Taylor.
; AdMce free all matter*. Detectives employed.
I DIVORCE cheap, speedily, quietly: call on us
: "ere ruing elsewhere. Phone Jamee «221;
room II, 916 Market St., opposite Emporium.
ADVICG fref, divorces, all law cases, costs ad-
vanced. Market st.. room 31.
DIVORCE — Co*t*. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; open evenings. 027 Market st.. rm. 301.
DIVORCE law a specialty: no publicity; advice
free; cotts $12. Address B.A.S.. P.O. box 2139.
L. P. CLARK. 927 Market »t.: consultation
Tree: no fee» in advance: open evenings.
GET your hasket trunk* at th» factory. 3416
17th' «t.. near Valencia, at factory price?.
EASKETP made of every dtscription. Friedl
Bstaur ard Ba«kM Factory. 1272 rolEom st.
IH.'M.VKSS CHAMCKS.
A-^»2600; CORNER grocery and bar. on Pcwell
i=t.; S years' lea»e: r«^nt $*O; business estab.
years' and first -rla«« paying: value in sight.
Call R, G. WILKE. 26% Keamy st.
A— $y>00; THE leading eale^n in manufacturing
town r>f at>C'Ut 8»aiO inhabitants: 5 years'
l»a*#; rent IsO; full value in sight; flrst-class
paying butmeni: about -« miles from S. F.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26H K«arny st.
A— $2200: DAIRY produce and delicatessen
•tore; established j-eare; rent $55: monthly
*a!es about $1500; a first-class paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $750: CIGAR *tand on Market St.; rent $08;
one of the best-located stands and a business
where fullest investigation ts coltcited; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 2«^ Kearny.
¦ ¦
A— $»000; CORNER grocery «nd bar with 5
year*' lease: rent $75; 2 horses; 2 wagons:
average cash store trade $2500 per month;
daily bar receipts $25: full value in Eight;
location the beet in the city. Call R. G.
WILKE. »6H Kearny st.
A — $450; PLUMBING and gasfltting shop on
Fillmore tt.; rent $2t5; owners must sell at
once ac they are engae^d in another busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE. 26»* Kcarny st.
A— $3000; GROCERY *tnrc; established many
yeare and doirc a larc? caeh business:
located close to Market end Sixth stx ; a
good raying business: Investigate and you
find a verv rare business opening. Call R.
G. WILKE. 2t5H Kcarny st. ¦ • •
A — «C500; GRILL and barroom, with 8-yesr
leare; rent $50; the leading business of Its
kind in manufacturing town about 60 miles
from B. F. ; a rare chance for any live man
who wishes to make money; value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kcarny >*t.
A— $450; DELICATESSEN and pork store;
about 1 block south of Market; sales average
$550 per month; owner has another business
and must sacrifice. Call R. G. WILKE. 2BH
Kearny el.
A — $12J»0: CORNER grocery store on Kearny
et. ; full value in fight; a splendid chance
for an Italian. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny Et.
A— $750: SALOON on Montgomery st. ; place
established years; owner clearing about $125
per month: Investigate: a bargain. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $3250; CORNER saloon on water front; rent
$S0: good lease; place established years; in
large brick building and doing an Al busi-
ness; disagreement of partners only cause «f
sale. R. G. j WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $3000; CORNER saloon ; close to^all bldg. :
3 years' lease; net rent $120; this Is one of
the bent ealoon locations in thin city, and
a live' man can clear $500 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% K^^^
A — $1300: CORNER cigar rtand on Kearny:
rent $S5; leave; 1 good business; come and
Investigate. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— $1100: SALOON, with 3 rooms: close to
Kearny and Bush sts. : rent $75; lease; place
easily clears $20Q per month; nice fixtures,
choicest stock of liquor*. All particulars of
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st,
A— $650: CORNER bakery. with 4 living
rooms; about 2 blocks north of Market st. ;
will be sacrificed if sold at once; owners to
leave city. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— f750; CANDY store and Icecream parlora,
with stationery, etc.. on Devisadero st. : 3
living rooms; a splendid location and gocd
business. See R. G. WILKE. 2t>% Kearny.
A— $12C0: COFFEE ealoon and bakery ; la
choicest location; rent $S0; daily receipts
about ' $70; a good - business, but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A. CAMEKON & CO. Phone South 1030
3 Eddy St.. cor Market and Powell. '
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses. $."50 to $1000
Candy and icecream parlors... $200 to $2.~>00
Barber shops .$500 to $2500
Cigar stands $:::.!» to SJOuO
Groceries and bars (500 to $5iXN»
Paloons $»1X) to $10,000
Restaurants .' $350 to $20.00»)
Fruit and vegetable storei $300 to $10<i0
Drug stores $2000 to $«000
Delicatessen etores /. .J2.V) to $4500 i
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
A FIRST-CLASS opportunity for druggist ur
doctor; flne location for drugstore: good fix-
tures, counters- and showcase; rent only $80:
business already established; with 6 rooms
and bath In rear; elegantly furnished
throughout: everything complete for house-
keeping of the best quality; "price $1SUO.
CAMERON lit. CO.. 3 Eddy. «t.
FOR tale or trade — Quartz mines; flne prospect;
located in Cat".; assays $40 to $70 ton; trad-*
for ring. -house or business. Cameron, '3 Eddy.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort: fine
groves; 38-room hotel; all furnished' and
equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease; raise own hay. vegetables; all
kinds of fruit: rent $500 per. year; equity la
this f 2500; death in family cause of sale.
CAMERON * CO.
FOR eale— One of the best restaurants In city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day; will
bear investigation : price $1500. CAMERON
* CO.. 3 Eddy Bt.
FOR *al«— Ladies' furnishing- and fancy goods ,
business: cheap rent; well located; estab-
lished 12. years; will invoice $8000; sickne-s.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Bakery and delicacy store; rent $20;
5 living rooms; established 8 years: must
leave city: price to close $250. CAMERON
A CO.. 3 Eddy st. .
T.' J. DUNN & CO.. 1312 MARKET "st!
BUSINESS BALES AGENTS.
Phone Howard 3468. ''¦
ICECREAM, candy and coffee parlor; near
Chutes* ground rent $25; 2% ' years', lease;
owns building, stock, furniture and fixtures-
will Invoice double the price, *75O. Tills is
an otter that is seldom made. DUNN.
CIGAR store near new Postoffice; see us about
this at once. DUNN.
CLEANING works; half Interest In good place
for sale In Oakland. DUNN..
WANTED— Partner; S300; to help advertise a
money-making business; lady, or gentleman.
DUNN.
A SNAP FOR CASH. ', "^ "
Only drug store in railroad town In bay
county: . decease of owner necessitates. ¦ a
quick sale for cash; stock gauranteed . to be
AI as to ealablllty. good condition and selec-
tion: health resorts surround town; flne open-
Ing for good surgeon. Box 1417. Call office.
ATTENTION! ¦ . ¦
THE Ean Francisco Rent and Real Estate
Company has opened office for business and
have' for sale at: a great bargain • hotel on
Market 6t.. 114 rooms, netting $S00 per month.
See owner, at room 212. 997. Market st.
$350 SECURES interest in light office work
whereby party <an easily clear $90 monthly;
rrfcrenceb. exchanged; experience not neces-
sary: live man wanted: bona fide proposition.
Particulars 1007% Market st,. room 1. -
ELEGANTLY fitted cigar stand: only one oa
prominent transfer corner. • front of beautiful
saloon, open all night; will sell for Im-olce
price, less than $550. Inquire afternoons.
301 Turk St.* -
$3500— SHOE store:. fine stock: best location-
will guarantee $W»0 trade per month; illness
cause for, «§ale. : . D.* L. JUNGCK, 2111 Shat-
tuck ave.. Berkeley.. Cal.
HOSKSHOELVG. general blacksmith shop"-
low rent, large shop: , stock,, tools for sale
cheap, part' cash; must ¦ sell: owner- sick.
Pacific Business Association,, 1148 Market et.
$1250 WILL buy a block of*stock~in a well cs-'
tablished local business of 30 years' stand Ing-
will pay 10 per cent annually on Investment'
Box 136<), Call office. - ... 'JT ° u
$225 — A bargain If taken at: once:' news stanT
confectionery, stationery and school supplies;
ctuck new and clean; all lines complete; good
,, location. . 2SO9 California- ft.; no-atrents. '
BOOKS, stationery, etc.; $7509 stock In moun-
tain city; genuine bargain' to cash' buyer.' See
manager, j 10 to - 11 a. > m.,\ at Cunningham.
CurtlM & .Welch;- no . brokers. • . \. v -. ..
$17^— FINE .corner. -cigar • stand; . flne ' : stock;
good trade;, see owner. .118 Third at..'.
YOU WANT aa TO BE liNOTO TO IH0SE iii TO KN0WTHE SAX FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, APRIL 22, 1004:
13
MIXES AXD MIXIXO
FOR sale — North of Montezuma and Tha villa
mines, so acres of patented land; 2 compart-
ment shaft down 40 feet; over 12-foot ledge;
4 feet in pay rock; all that is needed is a
hcitt; A. R. E. line 100 yards from shaft for
power. For particulars address C. EVANS.
El Dorado, Cal. ; .
MISCKLLAXKOL'S FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIM-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 105-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR^OOfTeAK?
Repair It with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
netu= no painting nr coating; good over old
iron tin or shingles; best for new roofs. |
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps, 1
pulleys,, shafting, etc., etc., bought. ¦ sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers, i
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale et.
DESKS and office furniture; $20,000 stock to
be sold before April 15; this stock can be
bought In large or small lots. T. D. MC-
CARTHY CO.. 782 Mission. Phone Bush 467.
PAINT your old and new metal and ablnglo
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to etop all leaks In the one and preserve the
new. 2C5 Front st.; tel. Main 1428.
A— FINE suits. $7 CO: dress pants. $2 50. Orig-
inal MUfit Clothing Parlors, 23* Kearny St.,
near IJush; open to 0 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, botlers. water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear «t.
ALTERATION sale — Best $2 50 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny St.. near
Pine: cpen to 9 p. m. : Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exarn. bid.; catalog free.
NICE outfit cheap; dining and kitchen ware
for four people; send for list and price. Box
1445.
REFRIGERATORS and cooling rooms built
economically and effectively. 1511 lt)th ave.
IMPROVED Wood printing presses, gasoline
engines. Boyer Machine Works, 46 Spear st.
ROUND camping tents for cale; cheap; some
new; 16x10. 319 Third st.; tel. Main 413.
FANCY pigeons; new Imported varieties; send
for list. C. WILSON. 229 Stevenson St.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Monjg'y.
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO.. 35 Mrkt.Tel.Bush S53
BOOKS bousht; libraries purchased. King's
Old Bookstore. 61 McAIUiter st.
STEEL lined safe. 1800 pounds, $125. RICH-
ARDSON BROS.. 1816 Market st.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds and. watches;
easy payments. GARIN. 303. Hayward bldg.
GASOLINE engines bought, sold, exchanged.
repaired. Sykes-Corson Co.. 254 Beale st.
BAKES and cash registers, new and secou-J-
hond. I. FREEMAN. 1323 Market st. ¦
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, I to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co., 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap:' Chlcagoes. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 033 Market.
SAFES — New and "second-hand. THE HER-
MA.NN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lantern*, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post at.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market St. _- '
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all strep J E . DOAK. 48 Fremont st. •
>tISrKLL^VKOt'S WAXTS. ~
CALIFORNIA Housewrecker Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will remove
the largest building in 10 days. Office and
yard N.W. corner Mission and Tenth sts,
MORRIS gives highest prices' for ' ladles', and
gents' caUoff clothing; postal. &43 Folsom.
SHOES wanted; misfit & castoff; highest prcs.;
new & 2d-hand shoes for sale. : 749 Mission.
j ' . UIVIDEXU NOTICES. :
fcAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society, 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 70S Market St., opposite Third—
For the half year ending Slst of December,
1&03. a dividend- has been declared at th#
rate per. annum of (12) twelve. per cent 00
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY, January 2, 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIQ.: Secretary.
ROOMS TO LET— Fora, and Catara.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — Jfeur -
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 SO per
week" up; this is the only up-to-date house in
this vicinity : first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1'25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open aJJ: night. '
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. «or No. t
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c, 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
A NEWLY furnrshed sunny front room. «uit-
[ able for man and wife; also single rooms for
gentlemen. : 312 Mason St., near Geary.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364>— Fnr-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS (The). 618 Post. nr. Taylor— Just-
opened; desirably located; sunny single roeroa •
i and suites, with private baths, hot and cold
water, rtenm heat, electric lights, phone every
room; elevator Phone East 1317 if desired.
ELLIS. 611 — Nicely furnished, sunny front
suite; also single rooms. Phone Sutter 3671.
FRANKLIN, 721. nr. Golden Gate— Sunny, fur-
nished front room; all conveniences; $12.
FIFTH. 24 — Furnished rooms. ',! .'
FOR »inz:e gentleman. In private home (no" .
othe.* 'roomers), a large, sunny, funlshed
¦ room, with bath adotnlns;^ 4 blocks . from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2624, Call of flea-. ¦ ¦
GEARY. 402, cor. Mason — Famished rooms for
gentlemen. $2 per week and upward. • .-
GEARY, 660 — Newly fur. sunny front rms.;'.
homelike, piano, baths*, kitchen: other, rms, j
GRAND Southern. 7th ami Mission— Rooms 33a
. to *1 25 night: $1 5O to $0wk.; reading-room.
GRANT ave.. 7— Nicely furnished, sunny room*
suitable for two; $2 50 to $S week^ .
HARRISON. 7S4H. near 4th— Finely fumlsJiM
sunny rooms v bath; homelike: $1 week up.
HAYES, 1 OS 14— Nicely furnished suite cC
rooms, convenient for 2 gentlemen; bath. gat.
JESSIE, 363, east U. S. Mint— Fyf nlshed room; .
$7 per month.
MISSION. 1228 — Large, front, sunny, furnished
bay-window room; ladles; qrtv. family; refs-..
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
readirg-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $3
to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
STOCKTON House, 41 Stockton st. — Nicely
furnished suites, also single; $1 50. $2 50. $S
week^ ¦ ¦
THE ST. KATHRYN. N.E. cor. Leavenworth
and Ellis— Sunniest rooms In the city; new
hotel; Just furnished fresh and clean: hair
mattresses In every room; also hot and cold
water, baths, etc.; »team heat throughout:
elevator service and every modern conveni-
ence; rocms 'from $3 per week up.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms, 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric licht« ino gas), running water In every
room; elevator. read. -room; free bus; baggage.
UNFURNISHED room*, suitable for dress-
making ladles' tailor or light manufacturing.
Apply A. ROY. HARRISON. 140 Geary at.
VAN NESS ave.. 61>— Elegant front parlor*
and adjoining suite for office cr club.
VAN NESS. 1314. nr. Butter— Exceptionally
desirable, sunny front alcove and slngrla
room: newly furnished: modern conven-
iences; private: references. "^
WEBSTER. 921, corner Golden Gate ave.— •
Three connecting rooms, including largs room
with Hre grate, large kitchen and »mall bed-
room; all front and gunny; $17. :
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Sd St.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable: 70O rooms:
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 w*ek; elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room; free bug; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth— Electric light In every
room: 15c to $1 a night; 75c to $5 a w«ek;
open all night; convenient to all cars.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sta.
- ROOMS AXD BOARD.
¦^^^^^^EDGEMERE HOTEL, .
731 Bush.-ftt.. above Powell; select flr^l-
elans residential hotel; elegantly rurnl?be.l
and lable unsurpassed; electric light; st«ram
heated and private exchange telephones (n
every room; terms reasonable.
B. DU CARPE. Proix
SOMETHING NEW! - «
Rooms and table board. - -
Cooking. ¦ house, appointments, finest. -
Terms reasonable: limited number.
t. 1163 Turk st. V_
"~~- HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIR9T CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 7W.
HOWARD, MIA— First-class board with room.
singl- or double. $5-$0 week; American fam-
ily: horns cooking: home comforts: piano.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 41$ Sutter— Sunny suites,
single rms.; excellent table: moderate prices.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Elegantly furnished
suites, with baths; also single; homelike. .
ROOMS AXD DOAItD WA.VTED.
BOARD and scite for one; private family; vi-
cinity of park preferred: $40. Address, with,
references, box 1352. Call c^ce.
TWO hau«*keeplng rooms, basement. In ex-
change for painting and papering. SS67 2Cth.
STOIUGR AXD WAREHOUSKa. _
A EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furnttur*.
household goods stored, moved,- shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant lul.
"A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.: stcras-.
packing shipping warehouse, G, O. and Van
Ness; office 1236 Market, r. &4: tel.South 750.
PIFJtCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.; of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex..t»71.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise.. KJ3 Golden Gate ave.: phone East i2t».
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made. >>IO
; Mission St.; tel. Howard Ml. F. W.,Zehftwa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2:J20 Fillmore at.; phone- Jackson.^il.
BEKtNS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgome~y
St.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWISC S1ACU1NES AXD SCPPLIE*.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use;
best -la cheapest: second-hand all makes at
any price; all kinds rented lowest rate*.
* Domestic , office. 1021 Market. n»ar Slsth.
NEW HOME— See our new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used; $10. $15. $20; second-
hand. $3 $5 $S: all styles: guaranteed. N>w
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1C>1 Market at.
SLOT MACHIXES.
Slot Machines. $2.1 ; punchers. $23; lifters, card
machtnes,$20. W.A. Bradford Co., 11S5 Market.
SPECIALISTS. T ----.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods: 1 weik's treat-
ment tree. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.'
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. I
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and. lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriting Exchange. 536 California ?t.
A FEW good typewriters at $-Taeachr get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
I~. gomery st. .. • - ' -- ¦ ¦
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, retired.
1 . Webster Typewriter In?pec. Co.. 00-S Market.
* PROPOSALS, i
' PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage— -De-
pot Quartermaster's Office. 3a New .-Mont-
. gomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.. April 2»>,
1004.— Sealed proposals. In' triplicate, will ba
received at this office until 1<> o'clock a. m.,
Wednesday, May 4. 1S04, Pacific standard
time. . and then openeiL for 'furnishing, at
' either Philadelphia. Bonton. Chicago or San
? Francisco depots, of dresa caps, hat numbers,
hat letters, "hat cords, wool stockings, black
' calfskin- shoes and russet marching .shoe*;
also for furnishing, at the New York depot.
. O. D/ covert cloth, O..D. serge. O. D. Iast-
•• ing and O.D. shlrtins flannel, all to conform
to standards and specifications; quantities to
I be subject -to an Increase ot 20 per . cent.' If
desired by -the : department. V Preference will
be I given to articles of domestic . production
.and manufacture, conditions of price and
quality being equal (including In th« ¦ price -
of < foreign production and manufacture . tba
duty ¦ thereon). . and fcuch preference - will ba
' given to articles of American production and
manufacture produced on the Paciflc Coast to
' ' the extent : of the consumption - required t by
k the public service there. .The United States
- : resernwr the right to accept or^ reject any or
all proposals or any part thereof. Informa-
tion and blanks for proposals will b*. fur-
nished on application. Envelopes containing
projxjsals will be Indorsed "Proposals ' No.
olh«. for Clothing and Equipage." and ad-,
dressed ' to MAJOR • C. . A: DEVOL/ Quarter-;
, iraster, s U. - S. Army, Depot QuartermaateT.
' Continued on Page Fourteen.
MI'SICAL INST11UMBXTS. ',
ALL UPRIGHTS:
Fischer, new $325, now $150.
Hertz, new $3UO. now $C7.
Miller. 1 t\v fM*>, now $145.
'3 Emerson, new $250 to $350, now $160.
2 Chickering. new $45y. now $100. $135.
2 Stelnway. new $575, $750, now $185, $325.
Heine, new $575, now $333.
Rents $2 up: installments. $4 up. Rent ap-
plied if purchased.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Getry st.
Oakland — 1252 Broadway.
AB&OLUTE EARGAINS IN PIANOS.
One in fair order $!0
One a little better tl3
Ane-ther. condition good $23
Also a Checkering, Mason Se Hamlln, two
Eteinways, Knabe. Voee. Sterling. Mayson.
Emerson, Hallet & Davis, Starr and many
others, from $35 up: eauy terras; fully guar-
anteed. BENJ. CURTAZ & SOX, 10 O'Far-
rell st.
ONLY piano • house In the city that • will rent
you a new piano- for $3 per month and allow
6 months' rent and cartage off purchase
price; sole agents for McPhall. Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ, 6tX> Hayes.
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos,
$25; uprights, $100 up; organs. $23. BYRON
MAUZY. 308 Post it. .
$"»: STEINWAY piano, cost $600. forsale on
$5 installments. 18U9 Gough St.. near Geary.
STEINWAY, nearly new; upright: A. Gabler.
and Steck mahtgany. 21t> McAllister et.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
inents. ECHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Btelnway up. ;Chickerlng baby grand;
Sh/minger. little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan pla.no
player. RYRON MAUZY. 303-312 Pon st.
OFFICES AND STO11KS. TO LET. .
FOR rent — Cigar or sandwich stand. 145 Third
street. ¦¦'¦¦"- -'- --'¦-- --.
PERSONALS.
A fresh, sTnooth and young looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forget the name, M. ELLA HARRIS.
The number, 781 O"Farrell St.. near Larkln.
• Call or write for book, free,'
- ' - . "Hints on Beauty." ¦
THE HERMANN SANITARIUM. ., ¦¦¦'-,
Insomnia, mental and nervous diseases cured;
liquor and drug habits; massage; medicated
baths; country, place Lake co. ; terms to phy-
sicians: call or write. .,1375 Waller, bet. Ma-'
% sonic ave. and '"A&hbury - et, ; tel. Fell 837.
NOTICE to the public— I, E. P. NORMAN,
wilt not be . responsible for any dabts con-
tracted by my wife, MILDRED A. NORMAN,
after this • date. April 21. 11)04. she-havlnc
left my bed and board. E. P. NORMAN.
THE Star Hair Remedy , restores gray hair, Im-
* proves 'Its growth. stopH falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at diuggists'." hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute.' Star Rcrr.edy Co.,1338 Polk.
A — MICROTINE. a positive : cure i for catarrh,
cold in the head, hay fever, headache and all.
bronchial affections; 'Send for- free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO., 272 9th.
TAKE notice — I -have, sold all of my interest
in the firm of Johnston & Ellis, Calif ornta
Market, to Robert - H. Johnston, on March
. 22. ltfO4. K. V. ELLIS. , \ .
A FINE' suit to order on easy Installments of
$1 a week.': LEON LEMOS. 1127 Maxlcet st..
between Seventh and' Eighth: ,•.--. \
AT less than cost: uncalled for suits, overccata
and trouui-ri at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market st. ¦¦....
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by -Willow Bark: Co..
V 812 Shotwell: consultation'free;: call or write.
SOCIAL dances '.Wed., Thurs., Sat. and Sun..
classes- Mondays, Frldav*.-^^ Louise Foster's
V.Echool of Dancing. _."1W(J Market, nr. Larkln.
"VITAL- Ring"* cures- weak*'' men : : ' $2 50. pojt
paid. DR. BURNARD & CO.. 140 Geary.' S.F.
PRIVATE detective; city or country; thorough-!
ly • reliable, r- Box . 1420.; Call office.-, -.- ¦
SUITS to crder on installments of 51 per week.
- NEUHAUS & CO.nnc). tallora.-72a Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs: Travers, 1170 Market.
Actina restores lost eycsUhf.cures deafness and
. catarrh. A' VIDA Co., 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eatcnj electric needle specialist.; 3C9 Sut-
• " ter.t r.* COSt. :',MIbs ; Eaton:. 233 Geary, room 33.
MASQ CEIiADE j costumes.'^ play | books. •' wigs;
.:. country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.V.733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7. 60: i dress • pants $2 60.
Mlsff, f wwii* ( P*rlor.; cor. Bush and Dupont,
HELP WANTED — MAL53 — Continued.
MURRAY & READY, 034 end 656 Clay St.
Phone Main OS-4! 5 .
leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WE til'EAK
Ornian <!re*-k Italian
bl»nish Swlhg French
VOUR FARE FREE— LOOK! FREE FAUU
TO STATE OF NEVADA
It you rtay lour months. That's all.
U. "S. UOVEKMIKKT WORK.
205 twr>-hors« teamsters. *«).
15C laborerji: you'll ruit; >00.
RS dr;lii;rE. rockmen, hauuner-mtn, $75.
12 machine dilltan, ;¦ -1" •
EiKlit huurs' work daily: hundreds going:
ARE YOU?
$1— FEE— THAT'S ALI $1.
ARIZONA. AUIZONA.
Ccnttr oi crcat mines, land of sunshine..
BIC1 WAGES. \
t'10 MILUt*. «9 10.
2T45 »»-amstcrs, laln>rcns, urillcrs, etc... $2 to
*i! 50 day.
<"J>>Si; TO PRESCXITT.
IN <"AL1FURN1A—
Z5 Ijibort-rs, big lyine company. $75. $G7 50.
I'i machine niirieir, gn'.d quihi, t'M.
li> i.-uv !.- 1-. i...|.i .,"••>!•' ¦-. tm ."•"
TO KAKMb. DAIRIES. ETt*.
l-i- farm, orchard and vin»«yar<l hands, all
<n^r -Calif nrnia. f25. f2C. $*>. *3S found.
ST> prod teamsters, f2«>. $3<» found.
M milkers, located cv»>r>'»here. $30. $35 fd.
'•- butttfr-irjaktfrs, Eeparator tenders, otc, $40
• nd founf"..
• CHOREMEN. CAUDENEKS, STABIJ:MKN.
IX ftabk-men, fit?-, country-, fSi fd to $T5.
22 <'<»achrotn, chorenien end roustabouts, $25
.. ! c J.i" and found.
9 gardenesT. n>me vrgctafcle, som« flowers,
*'W and found.
MECHANICAL
«; i-oopers: 2 maohinist*. fc? 2S day: machine
• blacksmith'* h*!i>er. ftS; •» ta'leymcn. lum-
bur company, J3 day; planer and sticker
hands, $j day ui*
ir bla-^iemtths, different Jobs. " ¦
'J. brick leaders, exceptionally good job, $2 50.
WOOPCHOPPER8.
. "A tnen to cut wood all over California.
HOTEL D£3»ARTMENT.
1? cooks for hotels, ealoorm. tulnes. cale*
i«nch« and summer reaoris. $'i0, $4t», $50
:¦• i $"< and fmind .
I* waiters, differeut jobs. $25. $-"A $35 fd.
13 dishwasher*. $2". $25 ;'nd $30 aJid found.
2 btll»>o>T. tlrst-clawi-hotois. $!*» and found.
•" ¦?totfl p-.>rt«>. J2»\ f24 and found.
«ook. baker, email »hop. country. 5*5 founJ.
L.MJNDRVMEN.
l*ur!dr>-man. 1 ity institution. $3T» found.
12 laur<Jryui*n, different classes vt »-ork.
Amalgamator. $TK». Mlllman. $'M\
4 machine tnmers, f?0. Conoentrator. *W.
• ¦arriage painter. Sticker hand, $4 a day.
IS laborers lumber yards, $W.
BOYS.
J2 hoys, box factories. S5* 1 .
Ivjuhle cut band sawjer. lumber ro.. $5 day.
l«i fh~>p herdern. gix»d jobs, $25. $3<\ $55 fd.
Milker and wife, $60.
Kcreraan. carpenter, fun- $1. $4 a day.
PAKERS.
Firtt hak*;r. 2nd baker, fare $1. $55. $45. fd.
>IUKKAY A: READY. t>^-t>3ti Clay E t.
t5 R. N R. LABORERS. FREE FARE.
Gi<ld Uiurii Mm**.
•J5 laborers, fare $2 .Vi. $U7 VOt
."• lumber in*n. 5 machine miners. $30.
Inside and outside work.
25 laborer*. yoo'H suit. $87 50 to $7\
MURRAY &• KEA!»Y. 034-035 Pay gt.
BEMCU bands. " Planer hand.
Mo!<1fr »n4 Flicker hand. Doer molder.
«S «-oopers. ' »o l*rrel.
niarksmith lurcber rompaoy, $ ( !5 to *75, fd.
5 machinist*, fare $1. $.*5$2 Bft day.
llellboy, $30; «-ook. 10 men. camp. $00 and
found: tbird head bakfr. $1:5 and room.
MURUAY & READT. «34-03<$ Clay St.
t-AME MINE~
2 machine «nln<r«-, fare ?" SO $W.
Hand miner, fare S3 5n. $S2 50.
2 muckers, fare $3 .V>, $75.
2 can cntcre. factory, fare 50c. $3 day.
UWK.
VilkT and wife. Colu^a Co.. $55 and found.
"TV:imrter. orange grove, boss here. $45.
<*hon*mari. milk one cow. orange grove, $3 ( >
»>nd found.
Waiter, u-nd bar, f"5 anil foun<1.
1>r«nd boy. rlty candy store, $5 week,
l^iundry'tnan. city Institution. $.'J5 fbtmd.
l^evator boy. city. $15 found; eheerherder.
$30 and found.
I/X)K.
«j lal>orrri. n««r $; 25 day.
STEWARD. 575.
Kxcerttonalty gt»od mine. h<-^-s at our office-
MURRAY * READT, CU-OSii Clay st.
A— RORKRT ¦ HINDU AHPH. rail vpryrarrly.
MURRAY & READY. C34-CS»5 O*>' Bt.
A.NTRrS office. 317 Stockton ft. — f«P.-miU
..ha-nO*. 'J'lanerman. trf-n^h hands, tticker men.
dc-or niol<l<»n«: laundryman tor institution.
$X<; Kreni'liman for bakery, J2S; Gerninn
driver for nurtery, $25; plain gardener, coun-
try. $2b, etc.
A GOOD underprefwr nn vests; also a young
man to learn underrressing. Apply R.
Tbornae, foreman. i'J Gfeary et. 6. N. WOOD
* CO.
YOUNG man nbout 18 years of age; good ap-
pearance. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 740
Market j-t.; tailoring dept.
WANTED— Pants operator*. Apply tit once,
6. N. WOOD & CO.. 49 Geary et.
WAVTED — Pants pressers. Apply ct once, S.
N. WOOD & CO.. <» Geary st.
WANTED— Pants finishers. Apply 6. N. WOOD
A- CO., 27 Geary <t.
EUEHELMAN wanted; apply reaiy for work.
H. N. WOOD & CO.
WANTED for U. S. trmy: able-J^xlied un-
married ra«-n, between aeei cf 21 end 25:
ritUent of the United States, of cood charac-
t-r and tetnoerate hobtts. who can vpenk.
>ead and writ«» English. For information
apply to Recruiting Officer, Ria!to building.
New Montgomery st., San Francisco, or IO2»
Second Ft.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — Energetic up-to-dat» man to take
rhartre of household department: murt he
'. .-. utrl-,;»- ••xueri*-tit-ed in all lines of agate,
tin and wooden w&re; Ktale age. experience
*r.;i salarv exjiected. Box 130S. Call.
nrsiTKLMAN wanted; rnuct be first-class
tailor and competent for alterations. Apply
II to 12. J. W. Raphael. RAPHAEL'S
'Ine.». Kearny Bt.
WANTED — Neat, clean, single man to cook for
H or 4 men and ai-sist w^lth outside work on
Fmall eountry place; $2* month and found.
Apply $ New Montgomery rt.
A RELIABLE ycuth for morning paper route
and work In offt-e. . EDWARDS PUBLISH-
IN O CO.. 31S Pine Bt. A
A-BRKSHT errand boy wanted. GANTNER
A MATTERX <X>.. 20 Pom rt.
•BARHER from 10 a. m. Saturday till Sunday
noon at 6.SH Third ft.
G/»Op barber wanud for Saturday and Hun-
d*y. 1415 Valencia ut.
WANTED — A sood barber at 218 Montgomery
avenue.
YTHTNG man to cl^rk in grocery Ktorr. HOFF-
MAN BROS.. 24th and Church «ts.
WANTED — Young man to do pcrter work. 7
Ninth st.
IW»OD tailor wanted for busheling at C22 Com-
mercial st.
FTRPT-claps coatm8ker at A. SodTberg's Mto
building, S»7 Push »t.. room 3itt.
BRIGHT boy wanted for high grade print-
ing plant. Edward {?. Knowles, 24 Second st.
WANTED — tloc-d American barber: union
Address box A. Call of fire. San Jose.
WANTED — A dishwasher at 1500 Kentucky st.
FIRfc'T-CLAES bricklayers and terra eotta
rettpr?. Fairmont Hotel.
LM ' ¦:. debts collected; suits, attachment*.
Uw end Adjustment Co.. SSs Montgy., r. 415.
BAKUrrR shop: $250; down town. Address
box ;S69. fall.
TWO-CHAIR' liarbtr ehep for eale at a bar-
tsain. 2f2 EIH* et.
•A'ANTCD— Boy from 14 to 16 yearn of age to
i«-«rn the dry-goods business. Apply between
a and 11 a. m. at IIAI.Ii BROS.'
WANTED — Young wan who ia an csperienccd
erjirfw <5ry-fro<«ls parct! WrapjxT. Atm'.y bu-
tween 0 and 11 a. m fc at HALE BROS.'
RED CROSS v:*!PLOYMENT AGENCY. C02
Clay «l. Phone- James 2476 — Wanted, all
kinds of planing mill help: benca hands: door
molder*. p'.aner hands, mold ntlcker hand;
low fare; union wagci; see bow in city.
OFFICE clerk for .an oil company at oil fields
n»>ar lJakersflrld; must know rtcnography Wid
typewriting; $<;<? month, board, lodging; state
«ge. if -r-arn^d or flngle. Box 1425. Call.
WANTED — 60 teams to work on Fresno and
wheel errajwre: 3 months' work. Apply to
W J. SCHMIDT. .Jones et. and Ban Pablo
ave.. West Berkeley. »
HATiBERS— Shop for t-ale; established 23
yean: 4 chalra; center of OaJdand; fine trade;
etc.: cheap. Call or write. 459 Twelfth St..
Oakland. ¦
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Ito'Kin, Rf-no House nroDrietor. baa
;m!i>.i 100 new rooms to the Denvar House.
217 Third et.; 2S0 rootnE; 25c to 60c per night.
XKY our men's choes, union made, at SI and
$1 &0 p«Jr: (oot-form ehors lit 12 :.(>; we nar
fxprera or mail charges. 11 3d *--t.,lCx.im. bid.
RARBER chop tor sale; 2 chairs; cood loca-
tion. Inquire WILL & FJNCK.
PERSOXAL» — Continued.
Cancerous lumps, cores, impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe, Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
ALFREDUM'8 Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1; at all druggists .
PALJUiTRY.
U. JEROME S FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor tt.. near Gearv. Phone Black 56L
PAIHTIKCr. PAPEBHANOHrO; ETC.
PAINTING, papering and tinting done cheap;
all worVaone first class. Tel. Larkln 4171.
PUYSICIAAS AXD SCRCJEON «. |
DR. C- C'. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021^4 Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar • attention paid to diseases of women.' | "
BLOOD skin and rectal 1 diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 10731J Market st. ; -
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
. cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and tea*. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO the famous herb doctor — All dJs-
' eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
: . PI.TrMBIKG. .,.r.J^---
A PLUMBER (licensed)' wants work from
property owner by the day or week; has all
necessary shop tools. Box 142P. Call ofnee.
REAL. ¦ KSTATE-^ITjr~f^OJtt^^AL^;
$1.25 PER WEEK, no interest. Lots In the
Excelsior- Homestead Tract; all level: no
grading to do; ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE,
26 Montgomery st.. room 5.
BITILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY,
INSTALLMENT HOMES, 512 Callaghan bid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot:
$S a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your in-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
THREE fifty-vara lots on Lombard st.. near
Buchanan, at a bargain; fine site fnr .flats:
back to 35-foot street: 50-vara lot on Grove
and Lott sts.; good investment for builders.
&ELBY, RODGERS & CO.. 116 California."
$1GO DOWN and $20 mo.— Cottage. 5 r. & b..
on Clipper st.; one of « r. & b.. on Elizabeth
$2700 — Cottage. 8 r. & b.. In West Park at.
$2750 — Cottage. 5 r. and b. : 12 Day st. .-
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission at .
JUST completed — 2 6-room, 2-story hpuses. 4377
Seventeenth St.; Castro or 18lh cars; $500
down. $35 mo. See^MOIPE. 320 Sangome at.
BUILD your unimproved realty: we loan full
tost improv. and part lot at 6%. MANHAT-
TAN SAVINGS BANK, Crocker building.
ALL work guaranteed first class by ALH-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard «t
HEAL ESTATE — Country— For Sale.'
GRB.\T bargain — Rich, irrigated farms; b!g
canal; free water right; very cheap: easy
terms; hemeseeker's opportunity. C. " M.
WOOSTEK CO., 648 Market st.
H0O ACRES at $6 50 per acre;^only 90 miles
from S*n Francisco; to close up an estate;
*ee owner dally at 12:30. RICHARD KEAT-
1NGE, 108 Jessie st., San FrancUco.
ALFALFA land*.' stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logue* sent free. C. M. WOOSTER/CO.. &18
Market St.
POINT RICHMOND REAL. ESTATE.
FACTORY r ~OlT~ WAREHOU8E~SITE.
lli acres, fronting on rights of way of both
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe railroads; ex-
ceptional facilities for shipping over both
roads; elevated and well drained. Cheapest
land having fame advantages on the market.
See J. H. MACDONALD^ & CO., UJ52 - Broad-
way, Oakland. -, • • . . - : .
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
ALA1IEDA RKAI." ESTATE.' •
$5250 — A RARE bargain; chance" of a life-
time; 'two beautiful . up-to-dato modern H-
room flats on Clinton ave. ;. bay frontage;
beautiful .marine view; elegant surf bathing;,
bathhouses, etc.: this Is a rare chance: don't
overlook it. HAMMOND & HAMMOND. 1422
Park St.. . . - >
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'AFNTS
BERKKLEY REAL ESTATE.
*~TllE"^R^A^TE^T'sNAPJIN~BEmCELEY.
$2500 — Easy terms; a nearly new 2-story, colo-
nial houne. containing 8 large rooms, viz: 2 re-
ception rooms, dining-room with mantel and fire-
place, kitchen, pantry 4 bedrooms, bath, pat-
ent toilst; stationary tubs on back porch; city
water; gas fittings throughout: high lot,- size
(9x185. fenced; strett work. done and cement
steps and walk to back porch; 8 minutes' walk
from Ashby station. Sole agent. H. D. 1ft-
WIN'. Lorln R. R. station. Berkeley.
BIEKELEY HOTELS.
HOTEL BERKELEY REOPENS^Thiselegant-
. ly appointed house Is now under a new and
experienced management. The service is first
class, the accommodations homelike, the treat-
ment of guests courteous, the rates low. The
hotel Is situated on Dwight way. one block
west of the Dwight way station, and is there-
. f ore convenient to both the Key route- and S.
P. ferry systems. Rates, per. day, transient,
are frcm $2 to $3. and per month are $30 to
$50, according to apartments. Banquets and
. wedding dinners will be served on short no-
tice in the most fashionable and delightful
manner. AH Interested in this announce-
.ment are Invited to call at the house and in-
. spect it. Any further information ! desired
will be promptly given. Tel. Dana 136.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BEOADWAY,
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
SNAP— Lot. $165, 25x100. 3 blocks to local;
snap $2350. 7-room house. BO-foot lot. WM.
P. TOPp. 1070 Broadway. Oakiand.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
ELEGANT S-r<*m bonse. bath, basement, at-
tic; stable; large grounds; splendid locality;
easy walk to cars, locals and school; photos
in office; beautiful place; partly furnished if
desired. $10; unfurnished. $35. Including house
water; references required; it is a snap. BUT-
TERS tc BUHRING, 072 Broadway. • ••: J j
o a
' TO-MORROW the day for bargains Ip furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas.llth 8t.,cor.store. Oakland.
San Francisco Advertisenv ts
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALL sunny; best In city; 3 or 4 rooms furnish-
ed or unfurnished. fiT. CHARLE3 APART-
MENTS. • 1660 - Sacram#nto st.. nr. > Larkln.
CALIFORNIA. 3031 — 3 or 5 sunny housekeep-
ing rooms, furnished I complete; gas .range:
adults.
ELLIS," 011— Nicely furnished, sunny alcove;
I light housekeeping; everything furn.; bath.
1 FULTON,' 2£{- : — Two ' connecting S housekeeping
1 rooms; gas-range, grate; no, children.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. . 1340 Pine-
Sunny, lurr/ished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed. electric lighted i. frse' baths: rate $30 up.
LEAVENWORTH. 109 — 8 or .4 sunny hcuse-
1 - keeping rooms; parlor floor; rent reasonable.
MARKET. 1032— 2 rooms with gas and coal
¦ stove; $12.- ' ." * -.' - '
MINNA, 649 — Large sunny furnished 'front
housekeeping : rooms; also single rooma.
• OAK, 00-1, corner Scott — Two newly, furnished,
! sunny rooms; bath, laundry; no children. -
' SIXTH ' ave.. 7CO, nr. ¦ Chutes-^Three? unfur-
1 ¦• nlshed rcoms, close to G. G. Park; for house-
keeping; Jio a month.:- : , . ~" . -
APZ-KIMKHt H0U32S.
A— CORDOVA -APAHTMENT8
• v Will be finished March; 15. .
'. 1CS4 SUTTER ST..NE. COR. LARKIN 8T.'
'Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
-. bath each; all unfurnished; $27 CO to $40.
I 'Make reservations now. "..^ . - . •,
ST. CECILi:. 115 Fell, above Van ; Ness— Th«
' ,r acme of .psrfectlon-ln elegantly furn." 3-roora
; - upartmenu ; private ; baths, '.steam heat,; elec-'
; ¦'< trie ; lights e elevator," 1 gas « ranges ; $30 to $55.
:' ST. LOUIS,. 1575 f Jackson st7—Modern 3-4-3
,' - room*; also single; furnished or unfurnished:
, 1 . marine view: refereocea- Phone East 1320.'
BIONEY^ JTO ' 1^.^
A^A^IHSRldA^'irURpiiy, -
ti01-G02-t<0:» Examiner Bulldim?.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
gave expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
cuts; assignments of rents; property in trui-t,
etc.; legacle», life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased. < -
Courteoiis treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Xeed Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS HANK.
INTEREST hVt AND ti PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK. ,
Any amount advanced on city. Oakland, town
and country real estate.
Hecond mortgages, estates In probate, undi-
vided Interests in real estate, property in
trust: loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS HANK, «
10T-S-0 CROCKER BUILDING,
POST AND MARKET STS.
-___£___-_ "¦ ¦"
A reasonable amount on
. 1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, 'town
or country.
I-ow rate of interest.
• Give full particulars
of property or" chattels.
. Location, etc.
Box 40S. Call office.
A. A DO YOU- NEED.MONEYT ?.? '-
I^ians on furniture and pianos without re-
moval;. lowest rates and- easiest plan In city:
don't hesitate to call; Information cheerfully
flven; no publicity: reliable and square deal-
ng. PEOPLE'S TttUST CO.,
S25 MARKET ST.. ROOM 4C2, PARROTT Bldg
SALARY LOANS —
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
ony one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake,: 453- Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. * Phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, gealsklns
and valuables: our fireproof rault" is protect-
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton :phone Bush 484.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
prjracy;no commlKsion;installments accepted.
BONELLI, 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail "mer-
¦ chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, -without
security; easy payments, large business In
4S principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bid.
ANY amount quickly on furniture .- or * piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates:' strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. <JS Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
THE United Loan end Trust Co., 21 Stockton
et. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
HIGHLY respectable' private place -to" obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at"2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
840 tel. Main 1C4J. Branch, 19 Third.
1 I'ER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
• no comrnliwion;, no publicity^ $23 'up;: quick,
quiet, confidential. : 2ti Montgomery st., rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
. diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J.-HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth St. ..."
STAR Loan Co. of .Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav Bk.
bid.; Oakland office, .lioa'j Brdwy., suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE.. l(tt. Grant ave..
. ' LOANS FROM . $1 .TO ,$10,000. i
NEW • easy method— 'To , wage , earners on unln-
Oorsed notes; absolute .privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms i 4S-49:Chronlcle bldg., :
TO salaried people 'without security;* on furni-
ture, indort-ed notes and other security. -S. F.
DlscouutAgency^ 143 Pheian bldg. .
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. ' TREM AlN; room 81; 0 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano, 1003 Mutual
. Savings Bank building, ¦. 70S Market st. . ;- ~
CASH, loaned Valarled people ©iTVotes without
Indorser.- MORELL. 6Ca^ Examiner building.
A WEEK'S news for 5 centa — The .Weekly Call,
•10 p»ges.,ln wrapper,' for-malllng. $1 per year.-
•v- : \ ,;. '¦/;. MOKliV; .WAATEU.^v;, * ~'":-' :
WANTED-^A ~ loan of ; $10,000 : for ¦ a .' term " of
year* at 8 per cent per annum on real estate.
Address box -3611. j Call office.- . , I ;
'.,". ,'."/ '.""..¦•» -"' v-. <i ¦¦. ••...¦ :-'.~ .. .,¦•., ¦.\:-:r^ r j :,vy -.
HELP • WAXTKI1 — MALE — Con.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade; the lateat and most Improved
method of teaching; the only Incorporated
barber. *cbi*sl with branche» In the lea<lics
citieB oa the coast. For particulars, call or
address the Western College of BarberB. 647
Commercial Et.. S*n Francisco, or 206H
South Broadway, rocrn "0, Los Angelee.
2-CHAin barher shoti for F*Ie; a barrain; es-
¦tablishfd 3 years; rtnt $7 V). 1547 Mission st.
COAT.MAKER or bushclman for country. Ap-
¦ ply KEIBS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter »t. ,
WANTKD— 5=al!ori for Austral)*; nshir.; and
Islands. LANK. 504 Davis st.
YOUNG man to Icara barber trade; waee»
while learning. 741A Howard st.
EAlLOim and young men <rreen hands) for
>hlp«. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
VOL'NG rn*n. tailors, blafkismiths. carpenters.
rre*>n hand?, for ships. Herman's. 27 St«"uart.
IVr.sio:; Atty.. E. A. Bullis. r. 40. Plielan bldsr.
' Tast Com. Ota. 11. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
VTOtCHX9TtStl KflteL' ?* TWrt^; near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; X5e niffht: rcadlng-rooros;
free 'bus and bacsrage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of Th»> Call for the reception
of advertisements and jnioscrintions haa be^n
opened *t I0<W» Market st., opposite Fifth.
<>!• n until 11 p. m. -
ALI. sizes ir.rn's shoes, slightly damaged, half
rrio». ac: Mission St.. tx-t. lrt and 2d sis.
GCT ycur sho»>s half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. CB3 Mlesion Bt., bet. 1st and 2d bU.
HELP WAJTTED — SOIiICrrOBS.
SOLICITOR wanted to sell a good poison oak
and Tate's dandruff cure. Apply after 8
p. m.. ."CO Ilay«>s st.
liOIlSKS A>D \VAGO.\S.
FOR Bale — A bargain; one high wheel, rubber-
tirrd bupir>'. shafts, pole, and double set har-
n»es to match; has been used only 4 times;
cost $320; w'll be sold for one-hajf; can be
swn at Ed FT<»und's. SOS Irabcl'.a St., Oak-
land, <>1. WILLIAM BARTLKTT. Crock-
ett, Cal.
At'CTlON sal* of horses every WPdnesday at
11 a. m.. .T-7 Sixth Bt. ; every horw mu« be
R." r»preiM > r.ted or money refunded. JOHN J.
POYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR «al«> — One round mare, 16 hands, welpht
1150. good driver; just the animal for ph>El-
cian. K. F. BURNS. 11-13 Grant ave.
ALL kinds ot buggies, purrcys and wagons, one
j>ony cart, one pony buggy, one top wagon,
for sale cheap. 1504-S Folsora 6t.
KIXi: river bottom pastucage: green feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson, S. F.
EECOXD-HAND open hacks, wajronettes. 3-
watiri and business buggies. CORVILL
KANI'FACTL'RING CO.. t8 Kiehth Bt.
SAN FRANCIStXi Veterinarj- College^ — Next
ee^sJon begins June 6. Catalogs by applylBK to
DR. E. J. CREELET, .'.10 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1215,
Call, of flee. * .
WAGONETTES, surreyj:, bvifirgies. wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horses. 1 3th- Valencia.
CAMPIXG house wagon: theatrical parties; 127
Turk ft. Owner wt «>40 Howard 6t
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. Ci. H. VMBSEX & CO., 20 Montgomery
PERRY. -<>?, near Fourth — $7; house or .'{
rocnts; waurfrce. Apply to G. H. UMBSEX
4- «X)., 20 irontgcmery et.
LANGTON st-. oft Bryant — 4 rooms, yard , and
basement: $11. Arrly G. A. LEROUX. 29
New Montgomery st.
BEFORE moving get. our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HO WELL. 2T» I'ost et.
UOJfcKS HI btS 1 ! — KlK.N.SjlliD.
F<iR rent in San Rafael— A large, fine house,
furnished: good-sized lot: trees and tshrub-
J*ry and splendid location. Address box
123&, Call tifHce.
II'tfSE cf S rooms; billiard-nwm. bath; mag-
mfics-nt marine view. lov«ly cs^P'i- Apply
SHAINWALD-BTCKBEE (X)., Mills 1.1.1.
SI'.V.VV, firjrantly furnii-he<l housp, 10 rooms. 2
baths, Jaundiy. .garden and yard._419 Oak.
Fl'RXISHED house of .5 rooms for eale cheap;
pas. bath, etc. S13 Folsom et., upstairs.
HOITSSS^ rUHKlSHED— SUBURBAN.
SAN AK8EIMO — From May 15 to September
15, cornf'rtaMe an«i f*Jlly furnished house;
electric lights; stable and grounds. Apply
JOHN *5. MAC DfTOSH. D.D., i?an Anselmo.
SJDjBirBBAy H0USE3 FOB SALE.^
FOH sale— In Sausalito. 4-room v-ottage; de-
lightful situation; shade trees, fine well of
water; will tell very cheap, small payment
down; also a property with income of SUO
per month *for $50<>0; SSJWXt cash, balance oa
loan. Iif.K-l«25. Call office. -
LAUNCHES FOB HIRE.
C. A. McNEILL LAL'NOJ CO., foot of Clay
ct.; for pleasure and buipness; tel. Bush 534.
LOhT>5b KOliAU.
( 50 REWARD — Strayed or stolen, April S, from
Geary and Market tit., bay horse with white
foot brande.d; 74 under mane; business
buggy, red gear and dark body. Return to
1K>© Green st. : tel. Geary 2731'; no questions.
! LOST — A paeFbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of WILLIAM M. or ANNIE TIETJEN.
No. I7ti,4C5. The finder will please return to
bank.
LEFT In -adies' toilet in ferry building. Sun-
day, April 17. a black feather boa. Finder
please return to 17 Paciflc st. and receive
reward; -S.Y
L/3ST — On Ellis-street cur, in collision with
Larkin-street car at 8 p. m., pair opera-
Kla*Kt« 5n white bag. Return to 54 Third Bt. ;
reward.
LOST— Vl'eJne? day evening, watch Tob, initials
J. E. L.. with diamond locket attached; aleo
cyclist medal. Return 205 Davis St.; reward.
LOfT— April 11', large skirt (lead color). Please
notify Marin Boal-IIouse, jsausaUto, and re-
ceive reward.
LOST— Initialed tcp of lady's umbrella; Initials
"O. C." Return to olflc« of Lick House and
receive reward.
LOST — On Apr.l 29. on Keamy st., bet. Tine
and Racrarotnto, bunch of Jieys; reward. 013
6acramento Ft. ,
LOST- Feether boa. between Hartwr Hospital
and Green and Puwell sts. ; reward. t£8
Green st
LOST — Diamond and sapphire pin. between
Cliff House, park end ferry. Return to tioS
J Alice et.. Oakland: reward.
" ; MKU1CAL.
LADIES dnsirlng E*Xe, sure and fjuick relief
from irregularities consult me at once; my
methods are always safe, painless'and reli-
¦ahle: I have no failures; no exorbitant fee*.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
Cure* guaranteed or t.o pay; 17 years' ex-
perience in ail female disorders; call or write
without delay: correspondence confidential.
DK. WHITE, 702 Market e:.. rooms 7 and 8.
A — LADIES, if you art- xuffering from irregu-
larities or any ui!n:em you will avoid dis-
BPi<ointinrnls by consulting me first. My
methr>d of treatment is positive and harm-
lees and I guarantee, immediate relief from
any case or make no charge*. Advice free.
Call or write I>R. SYLVESTgH. 210 Kearny.
ALWAYS It- advised and treated by a grad-
uate physician; positively the only fine here
capable and willing to restore you to happi-
ness: r«:li«f for Irregularities; he!p.^**»r un-
firtunat-- ladles; if in trouble consult him
without rofct or fee; call or write; confiden-
tial. UR..R. If. WESTON. 303 Kearny Et.
DR. C. VT. O'DONNELI>— All who are elck or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: jjosltively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the moat difficult case* treated;
advice free. Office, 1018 Market st. /
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist For all female
complaints and Irregularities; • instant relief
guaranteed; ."50 years' experience. 820 Post Bt.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male trouble* and irregularities; inetant re-
lief guaranteed. 100S»4 Market St., opp. Mh.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1 US' Market— Reliable ladles*
specialist; a private home before ami during
confinement: best medical care; low fees,
Dr«. Goodwin, 733 Turk, nr. Van Neas — Expert
In obstetrics, . female complaints; inst. relief:
treatment >10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 yra. exper.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premises. Is .permanently, located at MIA
Leavenworth fcC, bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. ROSEN" resides 2D95 Folsom at., corner
2<$th; ladies, relief or no fee; >10.
DK and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market «U
DR.. NO, TOY KEE. 319 Powell et., oppoelte
Union square; all discmei cured byJierba.
"FREE TO WANT ADyERTISERS FREE
===== IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL _^=
BE SURE TO GET ONE OF
Walker's Self-Pulling Corkscrews
See ! You don't have to . ' : ''' " s , - ' "- /"* ""^^Sflc*"*
No agitation of contents. |j . 1 " 'y O \_^j^^^^*^^
JSS^^!^/ ¦ FATEHTSB. {<£ <<\ *° Jje l argest
@^^l! REMOVES ALL KINDS OF STOPPERS AND / SU *
SS^ CUTS THE WIRES. / '~^r y"^
jp 1 1 TURN THE SCREW UNTIL CORK IS OUT. -V * v /
Removing Aluminum Stopper. TESTED AND WARRANTED. /
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at: ,
BUSINESS OFFICE ot the San Francisco CaJL corner Market and Third streets; ".
open until 12 o'clock every night In the year, t \
BRANCH OFFICES: - " :>
— 1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m. .
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m. ;
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
/ 615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m. I . ' |]SK|pllp
/ 1941 Mission street; open untH 10 p. m.;,-,
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open until 9 p. m. ,
10« Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. '
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-s«scond and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m. /
2200 Fll)more street; open ur.-il 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway.. ...!; •••• .... rT. .. ..r....... Telephone M#tn 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE: . - ! '
»143 Center Street. .............. .... -^ ..^. Telephone North 77 \.
ALAMEDA OFFICE: - *• •
Schneider's Book Store :... Park StreetMrs. Minnie ' Rodgers V was . before
Judge Murasky, as Judge of the juve
nile court, yesterday las ; th'e result of
an action -brought '.to take from her
the custody of her children. .The court
allowed . the children : to t remain ' with
Mrs.. Rogers. In the case "of Mrs. Mag
gie Crowley, haled into court on a simi
lar' process, the ' court made ah f order
relieving ; her of ¦ the care'; of ? three ; of
her offspring. The 'fourth, ;a little, boy,'
was allowed %_to remain; with} her while
the: others " were sent to ; the* St.; Joseph
Infant . Orphanage/," Both "mothers '-. 'were*
accused of neglect. .
Dependent Children. In Court-
OAKLAND, April .21.— John Haw
ley, . an. insurance agent, .was , arrested
to-day oh'complaint of Mrs. Lucy Dal
ton, 1004 Pine street; who charges him
with collecting money from her with
out'warrant. ¦ • . : "'- ;• -¦¦-'¦¦
Insurance Man" Arrested.
OAKLAND, April 21.— Governor
George C. Pardee will deliver an ad
dress on "Some . of the Needs of Our
State" at the 'meeting.; on April 26 of
the 'Men's League of ; the First Con
gregational Church. ,
Governor Pardee to Talk.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, April 21.
Stmr Mangle. Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BI.AKELEY— Arrived April 21—Schr
Polaris, from Port Gamble; ship W V Babcock,
hence April 8.
; - OCEAN STEVAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed April 21— Stmr Colum
bia, for Hambure, via Plymouth and Cher- .
bourg; Btmr Bremen, for Bremen, via Ply
mouth and Cherbourc; at— x La ' Bretagnc. f or
Havre; strrr Umbria, for Naclex and Genoa, j
NAPLES — Sailed April 21— Stmr Perugia,
for New York, .
ST MICHAELS— Sailed April 21— Stmr Re
public.-from Naoles, for Boston. - * ."'.
QUEENSTOWN-^alled Auril 21— Stmr
Frivsland, from Liverpool, for Philadelphia;
stmr Oceanic, from . Liverpool, for New York.
BRISBANE— Sailed April 21— Stmr Miowcia,
from Sydney, N S W. for .Vancouver.
LI VERPOOL— SaiUd April 21— Stmr Cretic,
for Boston, via Queenstown; stmr ' Dominion,
for M'.'ntr*al; .etmr Ionian. . for Montreal, via
Movllle. .
Arrived April 20— Stmr ' Teutonic, from New
York. ;*,¦¦;.
» m » ¦ r ' t
HOLLISTER. . April 21.— The Sperry
Company laid the foundation for a new build
ing on San ISenlto street to-day. ; . The building
will be used " for storage of flour and rnill
*ttiffs, and a barley crushing outfit will be in
the: rear. ' • " r
SACRAMENTO, April' 21.^-Governor Pardee
to-day Issued a requisition on' the Governor of
Indiana for Walter E. Reed. .who : ls now, in
custody at hia old hoinn- in Indiana." ilr-od Is
wanted for forgery committed . in San Fran
cisco.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
OAKLAND, April, 21.— S. P. Rosen
eau, foreman at the , Contra Costa
Laundry, had his left hand- crushed
this , afternoon in a dampening ma
chine-while; he was showing an em
ploye how to operate the apparatus.
Lauiiciryiiian's Hand Crushed.
OAKLAND, April 21. — A decree of
divorce was granted Eva* M.. Cheno
weth thJs morning by Judge Ellsworth
from Samuel v A. Chenoweth on the
ground of desertion. She was allowed
to resume her maiden name of Maud
Speegle.
Wife Given Decree.
. The crew of the airship will consist
of Fred W. Belcher of Springfield,
Mass., a young mechanical engineer,
who has been'working on the machine,
and Captain' Baldwin, the well-known
aeronaut of Los Angeles, .whose per
sistent \ pleadings finally} found . favor
with, Dr. Greth -and gave him the
chance 'to' make the trip.
The new flier is a ponderous affair.
Twenty: feet have -been added to the
length of the balloon and thet car has
been made longer. / Everything has
been in readiness for the last four days,
but the specially designed engine that
was ordered for the, ship has been de
layed in transit..
In consequence the company was
compelled to buy a French automobile
motor similar in design to the machine
ordered and the only one of its kind
in the city. /d.: V, ' ¦¦ '
The new Greth airship that has been
built in the lot at Eleventh' and Mar
ket streets is about ready for its trial
trip. If the weather is favorable Dr.
Greth's latest • machine will be seen
early . this morning sailing over the
city.
Attempt Will Be Made To-Day to Soar
•With Pr. Greth's New Airship.
NEW FLYING MACHINE
TO MAKE' TRIAL TRIP
S 25. W 60. S 25. W S7:0: $ .
Charles Sonntaff to Isaac and Jennie Ryer-
Bon lot on N l!n* of -Union, street, 112:0 Eol
Pierce. E 25 by N 100; $10.
City and County of San . Francisco . to B.
Mayers, lot on N.llne of Bush street, 110 E of
Scott. E 27:6 by N 137:6; * .
Thomas J. Morton to William J. : Herrin, lot
on W line of S<*ott street. 00 S of O'Farroll S
23 by W 00: |lw. .
Mary II. Urauer. Bertha Hagcnkamp Freda
Stanford and George J. or George H. Jlerslne
City and County of' San Francisco to Meyer
and LAllie E Abrahams, lot on E line of Hu
chansn atreet. K7:0 N of Sutter. N 50 E 137:8
THIHISDAY. APRIL 21.
Isabella Lotrry to Nellie M.. Agnes and Wil
liam G. Lowry and Isabel L>. Boule. lot on E
line of Van Ness avenue. 50 N of Willow
atreet, N 44:5U, by E 108; also lot on S line
of Ellla rtreot. KS» E of Van Ness avenue. E
27 :« by S 70: also lot on E line of Thirty
eighth avenue. 200 S of C street. S 100 by
K 120; also lot on NE line of Steuart street
W:8 SE of Howard. HE 45:10 by NE 137:0;
alsn lot on NW corner of Sacramento and Du.
pont streets. W 73:4 by N 68:9; also lot In Odd
Fellow*' Cemetery; and all property In San
Francisco; Jrtft.
City and County of San Francisco to Robert
G. Wilson. lot on NE corner of McAllister and
Octavia Btrertn. E 50 by N 100; $ .
Nellie and Alexander Bond to James S. Gar
rctt, lot on E line of Loguna street, 26:8 S of
Greenwich. S 26:8 by K 62:«: $10- .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
BERKELEY, April 21. — Flag rais
ing exercises were held to-day, at St.
Joseph's Academy. The pupils assem
bled before the new flagpole, where
patriotic songs were sung. Patriotic
addresses were delivered by Walter
Crone and R. Currln. I The , new flag
was raised -.by Henry Bookmyer. Pro
fessor T. O'Brien had charge -of the
celebration. The academy will be
dedicated Sunday by the Archbishop.
Flag Raising at Berkeley.
OAKLAND, April 21.— The mem
bers of the Fruitvale Forum will meet
at the Fruitvale Armory to-morrow
evening to discuss the State of Louis
iana. Papers have been prepared by
Mrs. Farnum, Mrs. Seeley and Mrs.
Henry Welherbee, and in addition sev
eral recitations will be rendered by
E. E. Bryant. A programme of old
plantation songs and choruses has
been arranged. Visitors are welcome
to all meetings of the club.
Fruitvale Forum to Meet.
OAKLAND, April 21. — The Univer
sity of California Glee, Mandolin and
Banjo clubs appeared at the Liberty
Theater this evening in conjunction
with the regular performance of "The
Lottery of Love" and the double enter
tainment was attended by a big dele
gation of students from Berkeley.
The musical clubs rendered five num
bers and several encores and were well
received.
The Neill company is making a
great success of this week's jaroduc
tion.
Xcill Company Production of "The
\ Lottery of Love" Pleases the
. University Students.
COLLEGE MUSICAL CLUBS
APPEAR AT NEW THEATER
SACRAMENTO. April 21 John King:, ar
rested at an early hour this morning for bur
Klary, was held to answer In the police court
pleaded guilty In the Superior Court an hou
later, and was sentenced to ten years at Fol
Bom by Superior Judge Hart.
BAKERSFIELD, April 21. — N- H.
Stoner was this afternoon exonerated
of the charge of murdering Harry
Thompson a few weeks ago at the for
mer's saloon at Cottonwood, ten miles
from Bakersfield. He was discharged
from custody by Justice Millard at the
preliminary examination. Thompson
was shot and killed by Stoner in a
quarrel over money, of which Thomp
son claimed Stoner had robbed him.
The defense was that Thompson 'had
attacked Stoner with a knife "and
threatened his life. . 2
Bakerstield Justice Results in
Exoneration of Prisoner.
Preliminary Examination Before a
JUDGMENT OF JURY
LIBERATES ACCUSED MAS
PORTLAND, Or., April 21.— A broken
rail on the Northern Pacific track ten
miles from Ellensburg, Wash., in Yak
ima Canyon, caused the wreck of pas
senger train No. 4 from this city this
afternoon.
Messenger R. L. Adams of Portland
was taken from the wrecked express
car In a serious condition from injuries
received. Other than a few bruises and
a severe shaking up the passengers es
caped unhurt. The mail, baggage, ex
press and two fish cars were rolled
completely -over. The /smoker was
turned on its side. "The day. coach,
Pullman and diner stayed on the track.
The accident was at first thought to
have been caused by the two fish cars,
but later investigation leads to the be
lief that it was caused by a broken
rail. The engine was in charge of En
gineer Patchet. It turned crossways of
the track. A new track has been laid
around the wreck to let the limited
'passenger train by. The passenger train
was running at about forty miles an
hour. Traffic will be delayed till to
morrow.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The opening ceremonies were in the
solemn and impressive service of the
order, which included the repeating by
the Sir Knights In full Templar uni
form of the Lord's Prayer in unison,
a hymn specially written for the grand
body, chanted with appropriate re
sponses, a selection by the choir and
a prayer by the grand prelate.
During the forenoon session reports
from the several commanderies were
presented.
At the afternoon session the grand
body voted an additional sum of $25,000
for triennial conclave purposes, mak
ing $60,000 donated by the Grand Com
mandery for that purpose up to date.
The following named were elected of
ficers: W. Frank Pierce of Oakland,
grand commander; J. B. de Jarnett of
Colusa, deputy grand commander;
Brilsford P. Flint of . San Francisco,
grand generalissimo; Charles Lord
Field of San Francisco, grand captain
general; Hudson B. Glllis of Siskiyou.
senior grand warden; "William D. Stev
ens of Los^ngeles. junior grand war
den; Edward Coleman of San Fran
cisco, grand treasurer (re-elected);
William A. Davies of San Francisco,
grand recorder (re-elected). The grand
commander, was elected by a unani
mous vote.
There was a concert by Bennett's
orchestra, after which a large number
of the commandery, forming eight com
panies, entered the hall in the magnifi
cent regalia of the order, each mem
ber wearing a chapeau with white, and
black plumes. After formation they
passed in review. At the termination
of . the review Eminent Commander
Browne, on behalf of the commandery,
presented Right Eminent Sir Knights,
the grand commander, a richly mount
ed sword and belt. Then the eminent
commander was called to the front, and
Sir Knight Frank H. Kerrigan, as a
token of the esteem ot the members of
the commandery for their commander,
presented him the ware that was dis
played on the table, and then, on be
half of the commandery, he presented
Mrs. Thomas H. Browne a valuable
diamond cross. This was followed by
the entrance of the commandery drill
corps, commanded by Captain Reuben
P. Hurlbut, escorting the ladies of the
choir, who as they entered sang "On
ward, Christian Soldier." Then the
corps formed a circle, within which
the ladies formed a smaller circle, and
at a signal the knights uncovered and
all knelt, while the members of the
choir chanted the Lord's Prayer. Then
followed an elaborate exhibition drill
that was perfection in every movement.
The evening closed with a ball in
which thousands took part. The affair
was under the management of Sir
Knights George W. Wittman, Charles
M. Plum, T. L. Henderson, J. Phalr,
P. ; F. Ferguson and T. P. Andrews.
The representatives of the subordi
nate commanderies of the Knights
Templar of the State of California were
present, together with the grand offi
cers, in the Masonic Temple yesterday
morning at the meeting of the Grand
Commandery.
It is doubtful if there ever was a
more fashionable audience in the Me
chanics* Pavilion than last night to
witness the reception tendered by Cali
fornia Commandery No. 1. Knights
Templar, to its eminent commander.
Sir Thomas H. Browne. The building
was lavishly decorated with bunting,
American flags and the various em
blems of the fraternity in electric
lights. There were more than 9000 peo
ple present.
On the north side of the large hall
was the reviewing stand, on which
were seated Commander Browne, the
special guest of the evening, Grand Com
mander Sir W. D. Knights, and other
grand officers and their ladies. In front
was a large table on which were dis
played a set of silverware, beautiful ta
bleware and a set of delicate glass
ware. To the right were twenty-four
young ladles who compose the choir
of Trinity Church. :
Prior to last, fall, the rate for sev
eral, years in effect in Portland and
intermediate territory to San Fran
cisco had been $3 10 per ton on lumber
of all classes, or $5 17 per thousand
based on the average weight of green
lumber. The rate was raised to ( $5 per
ton, or $8 33 per thousand, from Port
land, but was left unchanged from in
terior points.
The water rate" of $4 per thousand
to San Francisco remains unchanged.
A vigorous protest was made by Port
land mills, which claimed they would
be shut out of competition on account
of the expense of reshipment from San
Francisco to interior California. points,
and as a result the $5 rate was made
uniform from all points.
, The effect of the higher rate was to
preclude the operation of mills' In. the
interior, as they could not compete
with the northern mills having water
carriage to the southern markets. Rail
shipments practically ceased and more
than three-fourths of the mills of Cen
tral Oregon along the line of the South
ern Pacific have been idle from the' first
of the year.
The rate will probably begin May 10,
though the date has not yet been made.
The rate restores the condition of af
fairs existing when the 55 rate was
made uniform.
PORTLAND, Or., April 21.— W. B.
German, general freight and passenger
agent of the Southern Pacific Oregon
lines, to-day made "the announcement
that the $3 10 rate will be restored to
apply to common rough lumber from
points south of Portland to San Fran
cisco- and bay -points. •
Engine Runs at the Rate of
Forty, Miles an Hour at
the Time of the Disaster
Industry in the Central
Part of the Northern State
Given More Opportunities
Grand Body of the Templars
Donates Sum of $25,000 to
Triennial Conclave Fiihd
PROTEST OF THE MILLS
COSTLY PRESENT GIVEN
PASSENGERS NOT HURT
Cars on the Northern Pa
cific Leave the Track and
Turn Over in a Canyon
Southern Pacific JIakes an
Announcement Regarding
Freight Traffic in Oregon
Commander; Thomas H.
Browne Tendered a Recep
tion Before Vast Audience
LUMBER RATES
ARE RESTORED
KNIGHTS HONOR
THEIR LEADER
BROKEN RAIL
UPSETS TRAIN
Frank I*. Guntz (owner) with same con
tractors, architects same — Excavations, con
crete, mill, stair, carpenter, tlnnln?, rooflntr,
glazing, hardware, plastering, for a three-storV
frame building (flats) on lot on N line of Oak
street. 85:6 W of Laguna. W 26 by N 120,
Western Addition 220; $69S0.
Henry A. Schultze (owner) with A. P. Glld
den (contractor), architect — All work for
two-story and basement frame building (fiats)
en E line of Woodward avenue, 149 N of
Fourteenth street, N 25 by E 70: $4770.
George W. and Reuben C. Haas (owners)
with William Little (contractor), architect
William Curlett — All work for a three-story
and basement brick warehouse building on \V
corner of Mint avenue and Jessie street, 22:0
by 155 through to Stevenson; $15,785.
Christopher Branagan (owner) with -James
P. Burke (contractor), architects Martens &
Coffey — All work except plumbing, painting,
mantels, shades and gas fixtures for two three
sto.-y ind two two-story frame buildings (Hats)
on E line of Mission street, 05 S of Twentieth,
S CO by.B 122:6; $15,668.
Same owner with Schanz & Grundy (con
tractors), architects came — Draining, plumbing,
gas fitting, etc., for name, on same; $2000.
Joseph Mailliard (owner) with W. A. Burdlck
(ccntractor). architect T. J. Welsh — AH work
except plumbing for a three-story and attic
frame building on lot on S line of Vallejo
street. 62 W of Gough. S 82:6 by W 48; $5700.
A. D. Carvill (owner) with Cobby & Hansen
(contractors), architects II. Gellfuss _ Son —
Excavation, concrete ¦ work, mill and stair
work, carpenter work, tinning, plastering,
roofing, glazing and hardware for a three
story frame building on lot on N line of Oak
etreet. 111:6 W or Laguna, W 26 by N 120;
$CCOO. •
Jacob and Linda Heyman to E-lward Helmke."
lots 21 and 23, Jacob H ¦yman'g mlid: visjnn of
block 17, Ploche and Roilwn subdivision; $J0.
Builders' Contracts.
Estate of Mary Keane, or Kane (ty Hugh
Leddv, administrator) to J. W. Donnelly, lot
11, block 42. Sunnyslde; $137.
J. W. Donnelly to Peter Quir 1 . same; HO.
Jacob, Bertha. Joseph and Harriet Weiss
bein to Jacob Heyman, lot 2-", Jacob Heyraan
subdivision of block 17, Plo-;ne and 'Icbinj-on
subdivision: $10.
John and Fanny Foley (by John F. Pink
ham, commissioner) to John W. Butler, lots
6, 25 to 28 of subdivision A. lota n. 16 to 18. 20
to 32 of subdivision B, block 19, West End
map No. 2; $3SC0.
California Guarantee Investment Company
to Marcello Mlgmacco. lots 17. IS, 20 to 27. sub
division B. block 19. West End Mao No. 2; $10.
Mary C. and Erick Hoes to A. V. Potter, lot
11. block 5, Garden Tract, Homestead Addi
tion: $10.
Estate of. Cora M. Buchanan (incompetent.
by Emery D. TibbittP. guardian) to same, un
divided hi of same; $16,500.
Emery D. and Maggie E. Tibbitts to same,
undivided V{ of same; $16,600.
Frank R. and Sophie Grannls to Joaiah R.
Howell, all same; $10.
Margaret Hollowbush (formerly Boyd. form
erly Anderson) to Jean McGregor Boyd. estate
of Alexander Boyd. valuable considerations;
$
Samuel A. and Rcsie F. Boyd and Jennie
M. Rowell to same, same, valuable considera
tions; $ .
M. N. Bclstr to Helen Bolser, lots on NW line
of Laldlev street. 1S7:1QH NW of Castro. NE
50 by NW 100. lots 144 and 145, block 4. Fair
mount; $10.
J. Frank -and Marea Walters to Adelaide A.
Howard (wife of Charles J.), lot on S line of
H street. S2:*} E of Forty-second avenue, E 25
by S 100; $10.
Albert Meyer to Klaas Van Oterendorp Jr.,
lot on NE corner of Twenty-first avenue and
I street. N 37:0 by E 1C0; $10.
Stephen A. and Mary L. Born to Charles D.
{•haw. lot on W line of Sixth avenue, 110 N
of I street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Man- M. B. Martin to Frits A Llndberg,
lot on S line of M street, 61:8 B of Tenth
avenue. E 29:2 by S 100; $10.
Arthur D. Tibbitts to Frank R.< Grannls.
utdivlded U of 9 acres same as In probate
In abstract 3917 April 2<\ 1904; $10,600.
Warren I>. Tibbitts to same, undivided U of
same; $16,500.
Nettle P. Andrews to George T. Andrews,
lot on XW line of Brannan street, 85 SYV of
Zoe. SW 40 by NW 80; gift.
Olaf W. and Rose Nordwell to Martin Sher
wood and Samuel Crosier, lot on NW line of
Harrison etreet. 300 SW of Fifth. SW 200 by
NW SO; $10.
Frances C. and Edward F. Bent to Bessie
B. McChesney twlfe of E. F.). lot on E line
of Eighteenth avenue. 96:1 S of .California
street. S 25 by E 120: $10.
Edgar L. and Josephine R. Hoag to Theodore
Klein, lot on E line of Thirty-fifth avenue,
150 N of Point Lobos. N 25 by E 120; $10.
William A. and Imcgene Halsey to Cora W.
Morton (wife of J. H.), lot on E line of Thirty
fifth avenue, 200 N of Point Lobos, N 75 by E
120; $435;
Mercantile Trust Company of San Fran
cisco to Fred V. Vollmer, lot on SW corner of
Forty-third avenue and C street, W 165, 8
110. E 45. S?75. W 3:5, SW to D street, E
227:1. N 600; $10.
Estate of Adolph Sutro (by Emma L. Mer
rltt. executrix) to F. J. Halpin, lot on W line
of Forty-sixth avenue, 100 N of Fulton street,
N 25 by W 120; $350.
Same to same, lot on W line of Forty- sixth
avenue. 200 S of C street. S 25 by XV 120: $300.
Rosa Conn to Sterling Postley. lot on NW
corner of Bush and Hyde streets, W 40 by N
137:6; $10. *
Isidor and Ray Schwartz to Samuel Disbeck
*r. undivided half of lot on S lino of Sutter
street. 137:0 W of Jones, W 68:9 by S 137:0;
Central Trust Company (formerly Germanla
TniEt Company) to Grace L. Norris, lot on
NE corner of Sacramento and Larkln streets, N
61:6 by E 113:9; $10.
Mathllde M. Shalnwald to «ame, undivided
two- fifths of same; $10. -
F. C. and Fioretta Van Schaick to W. A.
Tracy, lot on N line of Ewer place, 77:6 W of
Mason street. W 20 by N 60; $10.
Victor and Mary Land to Charles E. Wohn.
lot on W line of Florence street, 114:7 S of
Vallejo. S 22:11 by W 68:0; J10.
Henry and Clara Brunner to Fred V. Voll
nier. undivided half of lot on W line of Mont
gomery street. 68:9 S of Bush, S 34:4>* by W
Elvira and Jena* Berlund to Rasmus E.
Knudsen. lot on 15 line of Cook street. 100 N
of St. Kores. N 25 by R 120, block D, Junl
pero Homestead; $10.
Marie W. J. Kast to E. Sacrlste o^ Saculste
or Saciurte (femme role}, lot on E line of
Dolores street. 140 N of Fourteenth. N 70 by
E HO; also lot on N line of Hayes etreet, 76:6
E of Octavia. E 01 by N 120; $10.
tVilson A. and Laura A. Cross to Charles
and Einello A. Kriertr, lot on W line of Hart
ford street. HO N' of Nineteenth, N 22 by W
128; $ IP.
Cornelius W.--and Nellie Ilocan to Annie' M-
Jenten (wife cf J. Albert), lot on W line of
Alabama btrcet. ISO N of Twenty-third, N
2C by W luo; $10.
City and County of San Francleco to Jorgen
M. Olsen, lot on S line of Twenty-first street,
75 E of Alabama, E 25 by JC 104; $10.
E. D. Watson to Sage Watson, lot on E line
of Sherman (Oollingrwood) street, 135 S of
Nineteenth, g C5 by E 105; $10.
C. W. and Philemon Clarke to Ola W. Nord
well. lot on S line of California ¦treet. 84:8?;
B of Batten'. S 36:3^4, W 8:2. S 2:014. B
2:234. S 15:8, E 0:6. S 9:2. E 6,8 7:0.W 2:5%,
8 14. K. E 2:4. S O:8>4. E 24. S 18:9ft. E 8:1.
S 2:«<A. R 5:9. S 30. E 18:6, N 137:6. W
»2:»V4: $10.
to DJedrlch and Catherine It. Hadelor. lot on
SW oottkt of Fell and Dcvlsadero streets, S
27:G by W 1«IS:3; $10. . . ¦ .
Same to Barthold Stelllng. lot on w line of
D«>visad«»ro Ftieet, 27:0 S of Fell. S 25 by Y\
106 :.t; $10 '
George W. Osborn . to William B. Pringle.
lot on W line of Blake street. 100 N of Point
Lobos avenue NM W 120. S 18:8. E 14:8, S
37:6. E 105:4; $10. *
Adam II. and Matilda Brutscher to Thomas
and Mnry E. Vodden. lot on K line of Ash
bury street. 125 S of Halsht, S 25 by K 125;
$10.
Anna M. and Charles Bennlng to Wilhelmina
H. Droger. lot on N line of Haight street.
127:0 E of Clayton. K 27:C by N 1S7:6; $10.
John and Luna Stlerlen to Henry C. Wat
kins, lot on E line of Clayton street, 5.16:7%
S of Frederick. S 2<3:1*i by E 101:3; $10.
Same, to Van Home L. Wood, lot on B line
of Clayton street 008:10% S of Frederick, 8
2C:13i-by E 101:3; $10.
Van Home L. Wood to Bessie D. Wood,
same; gift.
George M. and Elizabeth B. Cummin* to
John Bum*, lot on S line of Frederick street,
ICO W of Clavton. W 25 by 8 100; $10.
Werner and Frieda Ptauf to Lila E. Beretta,
lot on X line of Clay street, 137:0 E of Spruce,
E 30 by N 127:8Vi: $10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO 'CAbL, FRIDAY, APRIL 22. 1904.
14
: AX INTERESTING STORY.
- The. iwants of San PYancLsco, ;
by those who n-ant^-aii Interest-
ing story ; told in the classified
columns .of nextV SUNDAY'S
CALL, i It; will j pay; you ¦ tb: fol- •
low this - story,*, frbm.liveclc' to
week..-' < ..'\i' : '..::¦ v ';*.-", ' '.•/.;'.. \-
EAILWAY TEAVE1.
[ __««^
i n Mi i' i i i i ' i in if^_ »ii ii iiir"""—^H
CALIFORNIA I
LIMITED TO CHICAGO I
r LEAVES DAILY I
at J):riO a. m., thronffh in :» day*, B
with diner and all trappings. g
[ Other Santa Pe Trains:
V-^n *' ™'l for Stockton. Fresno. Bakerafleld.
1 • 8:00 p! m! J Merced. Hanford and Vlaalla.
1 4:00 p. m. for Stockton. ?\ e '.'-fx
' 8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago. '-1".\'-! ''
TICKET OrriCES — 641 Market St. and
[ Ferry Depot, s. T. Alto 1112* Bread-
way. Oakland, Cal. 27 South Pint St.,
San Joae. ¦ > V>. |
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAJTY. .
' Tibnron Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
»-.
SAH FEANCISCO TO SAN BAFASL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:S0. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
Rt 11:30 x>. m.
Eaturdayo — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
' 3:30/5:00, 6.20, 11:30 p. m. •
SAH SA_*A_- TO SAH FBAWTCISCO.
I WEEK DAYS — 6:05. 7:35. 7:50. 0:20, 11:15
a. m. ; 12:50, 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p. m.
: Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m_
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40.
3:40. 4:55; 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave ( In Effect' "j Arrive
San Francisco.] Sept. 27, 1903. (San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- J Week
• Dayg. I days. | tion. ( days. | Days.
1 7:30a 8:00a 9:10a S:40a
9:30 a Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
" 6:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p •
7:30a f~~ 9:10a 8:40 a
: 8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p nnd • 7:35 p
s 5:00 p Santa Rosa.
¦ 7:30 a ~ ~ 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p .
; Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsbur*. 10:40 a 10:20 a
* ...-:.. • Lytton.
8:30p S:30p Geyserville, 7:35 p «:20 p
, - Cloverdale.
t 7:30a 8:00 a Hoplar.d 10:40a 10:20 a
¦ 3:30 p 3:."0p and Ukiah. 7:35 p 6:20 p
I 7:30 a| 8:00 a) Wiillts. | 7:35 p[ 6:20^
I 7:30 al 8:00 al • 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30p| Guerneville. | 7:35p| 6:20 p
7:30 aj 8:00 al Sonoma. < I 9:10 al 8:40~a
5:10 pi 5:00 p| Qlen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:00 al ~ 110:40 a',10:20 a
' 3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. [ 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
' Quentln, at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
.' Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla aad Mark West
Springs ; at I-yUon for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs ; at. Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Bocneville and Greenwood- at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs
KeUeyvUle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay Lake'
port and Bartlett Sprlnss; at Uklah fo^ Victor
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes Laurel
' Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake Porno
. Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Llerlv'.
Bucknells, Sanhedrin Heights, HuIIville Orr'i
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche' Camo
' Stevens, Hopkins, Siendocino City, Fort Braird
West Point. Usal; at Wlllits for Fort Bra«*
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo, Lavton
vine. Cumralngs.*. Bell"s Springs. Harris oi"
scn^s. Dyer.- Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka. «_. % °coua
Saturday. to Sunday round-trip tickets at r»
. duced rates. . .
On Sunday, round-trip tickets to all nolnf.
beyond San Rafkel at half rates. •*««»«
j Ticket offices. C30 Market street, Chronlcls
j U H. cf"- WHITING. R. X RYAX.
; ;. '. Gep. Manager. . , Gen. Pa?s. , Agt.
' JVIt.Tamalpais Railway
¦7_l ;^2*___- ** s w- Uu ' | -7 Arrive -
8-1 Frandtco tmt U Mut* *. San Fraadic*
.m "st_-^ we«r
Day*, days At&E&Z&Sl^ days Dayg.
5tTtflA*s«ooA e^fife^a nr«»»rfo~ni
•1x481- »:oo A nBSS_»0 l'asp svso? !
»a5Fl0:00A lgl§|^ M:»Or l\™, i
i-«5p *: 5Op •«*•»
JJCOT j 626 MAinffST,(Nor_ Shore Railro-iT
mKSB I and Sactautp fiur, Foot Mark* — k - •
ADVERTISEMENTS, .,
Eczema
Salt Rheum, Ringworm, Itch,
Acne, or other skin troubles,
promptly relievedand cured by
• - This scientific germicide, which
is harmless, cures by killing
disease germs, tteed and
endorsed by the medical
profession everywhere; Sold
by leading druggists. If not
at yours, send 25 cents for a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
my signature. Accept no
substitutes. Address
___- /Valuable Booklet *>m th*
*- \A/. X. HESS.
Notary Public and Attomay-at-_»w.
Tenth Floor. Koom 1015,v.laus 8preck<Ji« bills.
Telephone Main 083.
Residence, 1802 McAllister st.
Residence Telephone Page 5<H1. — , ?-.
BAILWAT, TBAV___
f U| LxtmViTuflsT*] Z I SAN FKANCISCO.
I T wutes I.I
\ ?> y— f /_./ Fbom APBIL 10. 1104.
N^ l \Jr (Toot ot Market Street )
UATI — ~~ MXrN LIN_T. — AKJUTK
7.00a. Vscartlle. Winter*. Bnni»ey^ 7-50p
7.00*. Benlcia, Sultan. Elmlra and Sacra-
inento 7.20p
740a Vallejo. Napa. CaUitoga. SaaU
Hois. Martinez. San Ramon 620r
7J0a Nlles. Llrerm ore. Tracy, Latbrop.
Stocktoa 7.20p
8.00a Sbiuta Express— (Tta Sari*).
Wllllami (for Bartlett Springs),
wiiiown. tFrnto. Ked Bluff,
Portlnnd. Tacoma, Seattle 7.50p
800a Davis. Woodland. Knljhts Landinj.
Maryirllle. OroTllle 7.50r
8.30a Fort Costx Martinez, Antioeh.
Bjron, Traey, Stockton. New-
man, Los Banos. Mendota,
Annona. Hftnford. VI sal la,
Porterrtlle 4.23*
8-30* Port Coata. Lathrop. Modesto. vf ,-— "
Merced. Fresno, Gosben Janc-
tton. Hanford, Vlaalla, Baker i-
fleld ../. 4.50*
8.30a 5 lies, "Sun Jose, Lirermora. Stock-
ton, (tMilton). lone. Sacramento,
PlacervlIIo. MarTivllIe, Chleo.
Ked Bluff 4.20?
8 30* Oakdale. Chinese. Jameftowo, 8o-
nor». Tnolamne sod Angels 4-20p
9 00a Atlantic Expresi — OgdenandEatt. 11.20*
9-30A Klchmond, Maitlaez and Wa/
Button* 6 50?
1000* The OTerlnnd Limited — Ogden.
> Denrer. Omaba, Ch!c»so. 8.20*
1000a Vsllejo- 12.20*
10.00a Loi Antrelea Paitenger — Port
Coata. Martinez, Bttoo. Tracy,
Latbrop. Stocktoa. Merced.
Kajmond, Fresno. Goaben Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore. Tlsalla.
' BnVersfleid. Lot Angelea 720*
12 00m HaTward. Nlleaand War Statloni. 3.20>*
t1-00r Sacramento Ulver Steamers.. :t11.00r
3 30r Benlcia, Winter*. SacTamento.
Woodland, Knlsbts Landing:.
MarTaTllle, Ororille and way
atations 10-504
3?0r Hayward. Nlles and War 8Mtlona.. 7.50"
3.30r Port Coata, Martinez. Byrnn.
Trarv. I,a:hrop, Mode a to,
Merced, Berenda, Fresno and
Way Sutlons beyond Pjrt Coata 12-20?
530p Totemtte Valley, Mon.. Wed, Frl. 9.20*
530p Martinez. Trary. gtockton. Lodl... 10. 20*
400r Msxtlnez.Saanitmon.VKllejo.Nakpa,
CallatOfta, Sanca Rosa. 9 20*
400p Kile*. Tracy. Stockton, Lodl 4.20p
430p Hay— ard. Nile*. Irvinrtun. San I t8.S0%
Jcae. Llvermore ) .1 1.60a
6-OOt Tte Owl Limited— 5ewm»n, Lo«
Banos. Mendou. Fresno. Tnlara,
BalceraOeld. Lot Anseies.
SXOr Port Coata, Trtcy. Stockton 12-20^
t530r Hayward. Nl'ea and S*n Joae 7.20a
e.OOr Ilayward. Nllesand San Joaa 9iO*
6-OCr Eantern £xprea« — l>trd»n. DenTer.
Omaba. St. Loots. Chlcmiro and
East. Port Costs. i!<-nlrU. Sal-
van, Elmlra, I)»vi«. Uacrameato,
Rocklln. Auburn, Col fax,
Trnckee, Boca, Keno. Wad*-
wortb, TVInnemncca 5 20"
t.00> Vallejo, dally, except Sunday I ....
7.00* Vallejo, Sunday only f i-aur
7J]0p Klchmond. 8an Pablo. Port Coats.
Martinez and Way Stations 11.20a
8-CBt Ore rod A California Expreaa — $ae-
rameato. Maryivtlle. Keddtn;.
Portland, Pa^et Soand and Eait. 8-50 a
S.IOr Hayward, Nlles and San Jote(5na-
; dayonly) . 11.50k
COAST LINE «.iarr.m tixnst,).
< Foot of Market Street.) -
7.45* Santa Cruz CxcarMon($nnday only) 8-1&P
8.15* Newark, Centerville. Sao Joae.
Felton. Bonlaer Creek. SsnU
Crm and Way Station* 5 55?
2-1 If Newark, Centerville, Ban Jon,
, Kew Almaden. Lot Gato t.ye'.ton.
Boulder Creek. S.iau Cruz and
Principal Way Station t10.55t
4.1B1" Newark, San Jose, Los Catoa and! +855*
| wayitatlon* IIIOSSa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Ft— _8A* t HAS CISCO, Foo* of Market St. rSU3«»
— t?:I5 t:0U 11:lv *.J». 1-00 300 515r.it.
Trom OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t8:U0 UMt
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 400 r.M.
COAST LINE (Kroaa Waa K e).
i fV (Third and Townsend Street*.)
S.IOa San Jose and Way Sutlona 6-3>3r .
,17-OOa Sao Joae and Way Station* S 40p
. 7.15a Monterey and SanU Cru* Excpr-
alen (Sunday only) 10-30*
- 8.00a New Almaden (Tnea-, Frl4.. omly), 4.10r
8 00* Tbe Coaater— Stop* only Sao Joae.
! ' -' ¦- Gllroy (connectlcn for Hollli-
ter). Pajaro. CaotroTllle (con-
nection to aad from Monterey
and Pacific Grove), SsUaa*. Saa
Ardo. Paao Roble» SanU M*r-
t;arl:«. Saa LuU OSI jpo, priadpsl
nation* tbence Surf (connection
• for Lompoc). principal ctatlont
tbence Santa Barbara.SaaBaena-
Tentnra, Barbaok. Loa Angeles. 1043*
8. CO* Ean Jose. Tret Plnoa. Capltola,
6antsCraz,PaclflcGrove.SaJlnas,
San Lnla Oblapo aad Prlaclyal
Way Station* 4.10*
10.30a San Jeae and Way Stations. 1.20F
11-30* Santa Clara. Saa J«*«. Lo* Gato* _
' ¦ - aad Way 8U tlon* 7.30-
1-30P Ean Joae and Way SUtlona 8-304
8.00r Del Monte Express— Santa Clara,
Saa Joee. Del Moate. Monterey,
PaciHc Grove (connects at Saata
Clara, except Sunday, for Santa -
Cruz. Bonlder Creek and Narrow
Gauge Point*) at Gllroy for Hol-
llater. Trea Pino*, at Pajaro for
Santa Crax, at Caatrovtlie for
Sallna* 12.15»>
3-30F Trea Plnoa War Paeaenjer 10 45*
430p ¦'an Jo*e and Way Station* t8C0*
15 00 r SaaU Clara, saa Jo»e, Loa Gato#,
.'• * and principal Way Stations (ex-
ceptSonday) f900*.
I5-30P SanJoaeandPrlnctpalWayStatlona 59. 43a
5 4&r Snntet Llm!t<-d.— Kffdwo d. San
Jo«e.GlIroy.Sal_a.<.Paso Koblea,
Ean Lala Oblapo. SanU Barnars,
Los Ant;e!r«, Demlnsr. El Paso,
New Oriean*. New Tork. Con-
nects at Pajaro for SanU Cniz
and at CastrovlllA for Pacific
Grove and Way Sutlont 7.10*
(8 -16p Cau Mateo. Rereaford.Belmont. Saa
Cnrlus. Kedwoad. Fair Oak*.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tS-4S»
6 30p San Jo«e and Way Sutiona 8-38a
800p Palo Alto and Way Sutlons 10.15a
1 1 .iiir South sun Francisco. M Illbrae. Bur-
Uoiraiiif, San Mateo. Belmont,
Bta Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo park, aad P»lo Alto. 9.45p
b11.30p May field. Monnuln View, Sonny-
vale. Lawrence. Santa Ciara and -
S»nJo»e .-.. 19.4SP
A lor Morning., P for Afternoon.
1 b u nd ay excepted. t Sunday only,
o Satnrda7 only.
¦ ' iSto»» at all stations on Snaday.
»* Only train* atopplnr at Valencia St. tontbnonad
a re l>:10*. St.. 7:00 *.M, 7:__M.. 11:30 a. K^ S:S0p.m..
«:S0p.m. and 8:00 p.m. •
'*"""' « ~ • • •
|«^^^» TO SAN RAFAEL,
R0SS VALLEY^
llljpfj^ CAZADERO, Etc.
; Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric —
Depart from San Francisco Daily -7:00 S:CO.
8:00. 10:00. 11 :W> d. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:15^ 4:L\
8:16. «: 13. 7:0O. 8:45. 10:^0 11 M5 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL .TO" SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally. 5:25. 8:35. 7:40, H;33, 9:33. 11:05 n.
m., 12:20. 1:43. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45 5:43. ti:»i
b;43. 10:20 p. m. .
FKOM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN*-
C1SCO— Daily. 5:45.- «:55. 7:52, 8:53. 9:53.
11:20 a..m.. 12:S3. 2:00. 3:15. 4:fo. 5:C5. 6:03.
7:05. »:00. '0:30 p. rn.
THROUGH TRAIN'S.*
8:00 a," m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
¦•< 5:15 p..m. week days (Saturday excepted>— •
Tomalea and way -*••*! B_Hi •
3:15 1 p., m. Saturdays — Cazadero and, way
station?. "TTTHtfrtlMJ 'Tl jil'JnTBMwf-
Sundays only — 10 • a. - m.. ' Point Reyea aad
, way . stationvtaiAaniM_a_«CpnBaaBMB
TICKET OFFICE— C26 Market St.
FERRy-^TJnton Depot, toot of Market it.
lUlOPOSAI.S CoB<lBne£._^ J_
TRliAisC'IIY lxrartJEefcl, Otnre of General
IeuptTlattiidcm U. S. Lire-Paving Oervlce.
\\ashi:-.;,-lon. U. C. April 11. J9'.'4. Sealed
j.ioIkjmUs will toe teceived at this ofnoe un-
*.ii 2 o'clock p. re. of Zbttradsx, the Rita day
..' M*>. 1901, and then |>ul>'.i<-ly opened, fcr
III ni»tjiri|. EMPpfiea required tor use of the
Lif«-Savliig toervic* lor the fiscal year end-
ing June :«•. IO'Jj; the supplies to be oelivcrsd
ai tuoh i<oints lu New York City, Grand- ;
ltnvt n. Midi., and San Francisco. Cal., as j
iu«> I.* retiulreil. end in the quantities named ;
.u tbt tpeciflcations. The supplies needed
iiwtitit v< beds and bedding; blocks and
Mmascs: cordage: crockery; furniture; hard-
v.-»i*: lemps, lanterns, etc.; medicines, etc.;
Itaint?. oils. etc. ; sshii> chandlery; ttoves, etc.;
lrol& and m!F<"el!an?-cus article*; B.II of which
»-¦ enumerated Id ihe tpeciflcaUons at-
taa-ed lo the lorai of bid. «-ie.. which may
4>e obtained upon application to the o;lne
W lo __ lmi»?ctor of Lire-Saving Stations.
•17 titate ft.. tCew York City; Superintendent
Twelfth Lilc-Saving District. Grand Haven.
Uk.U.. and Superintendent Thirteenth Life-
»<ariiiK DiftriL-t. New Appraisers' Store?,
tsan Fmncisco. Cal. Er.velopea contnlnlrg
riup<*«!» should be addrebsed to the ""Gen-
«-mi Superintendent U. S. Life-Saving Serv-
!»*. Washlncton. D. C." and marked on
lI'C c-Jtblfie "Proposal for Annual Supplies."
'» lie 1'lglit i? re«;r\ed to reject any or All
l;1d« and to waive detect*, it deemed for Uie
Iclerota of the Government. S. 1. KIM-
liALl.. Genenil Superintendent.
VNIVERSITY of CjJlifornU. Berkeley. Notice
to contractor!! i. builders and material men —
Notice is hereby given that sealed bids are i
fcolioiu-d for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for the granite and
1'ilck work for California Hall on the grounds
of the t'nixerslty of California at Berkeley,
> a'ifornta. and said bide will be received at
the office of the Regents. South Hall, Berke-
ley, at or before 12 o'clock m. of April"'
twenty-fifth. 1904. Plans and epeclflcations I
of raid granite, nnd brick work have been |
adopted and may be examined daily at office I
o! the Regents from :> a. _. until 4 p. m. i
Nr> 1'iJs- * ill be considered unless accom- j
runted by a certified oheck or bond of bidder, j
Ir Javor of the Rc-gcnta of the University i<f ;
« Bllfornla. equal to ten (1C> per vent of hi* J
bid with sufficient yuretiee. conditioned thst
if fmc bid be accepted. Vttt bidder win duly
cuter Into a proper contract to faithfully
pfrfor— i the duty and obligations in accord-
ance with bald bid and with the plans and
m\ rclflfaitlons which are hereby required to b«
« part of euch contract. The right to reject
• r.y and all bldn :r hereby reserved. By or-
<1»r of the Ommitte* on Grounds end Build-
in;!? of the Board <f Regents.' V. H, 1I£N-
DEEBOH. Aaing Secretary.
IKIVEnSHT of California. Berkeley— Notice
•n contractors, builders and material men —
Notice Is hereby given that sealed bids are
»i>llotted for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for the superstructure
oi th* <-entr»l power plar.t on the grounds
Vf the rntversity of California at Berkeley. |
I'allfornla. and ki.<1 bids — v 111 be received at
the otflVe of the Regents, South Hall. Ber-
keley, at or before 12 o'clock m. of April 2t>,
1»H. Plans and spe»-lflcatlons of said super-
structure of the central power plant have j
been adopted and may be examined dally at j
office cf the Regents from 9 a. m. until 4 p. \
m. No bids will be considered unless ae-
compatiied by a certifled check or bond cf I
bidder, in favcr of the Regents of the Unl-
\»rslty of California, equal to ten (10) per
« ent of his bid with sufficient sureties, con-
ditioned trat If said bid b« accepted, the
b dder »ill duly enter Into a proper contract
to faithfully perform the duty and obllga-
ttor< ir. accordance with said bid and with
;h» plans and specifications which are hcre-
b) itQuired to be a part of euch contract.
Itv order ©f the Committee on Grounds and
Puildings of the Board of Regents. V. H.
HENDERSON, acting secretary.
V. *. ENGINEER Office. Flood building. Sen
Trancisio. «^al.. April 21. 1IKM.— Sealed pro-
c<*als for dredging in San Pablo Hay. C*!., j
will be received her» until 12 noon. Tuesflay, |
May 24. 1904. Information on application. I
'V IT HrUER. LK-ut. Col . Engn.
'1IT1ER1.\G AND JTAMMERIW.
KK—D~DBK_ Institute. Van Ness"*~MarketT j
I remlim <-uro tf in fair health: hours 1 to 8.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licensee were Issued yerterfiajr as
fellows:
Robert McDowell. 21. 334 Brannan etneet,
f-.n.S Kate F. Coveney. IS. C25 A street.
l'lla Romaneschl, 3J>. 509 Broadway, and ,
tliJcvom'r.i Slmoni. S6. 509 Broadway. i
ThuiwaiJ Thorson. 24, 1415 Sixteenth ave-
r.n». South San I>anclFCo, and Inga H. John-
son. 17. West Berkeley.
.Termsno J. Gomei. 24. C5 Jackson street.
»nd Rita V. Liumardo, 22, 1S5I Gearj' »tr«et.
<;ius<pr>e Brusehlni. 29, 9Irt North Point
*tr«-t. and Olestine Gatto. 23, 3011 Larkin. j
. r.agnar Wellin. 30. U5IA Minna street, and, j
1-nrie H. Crosby, 25. 34 Mary atreet.
'"harles Mollard. 2£, Certs, Cal., and Pal-
myie Lsconme, 2S. 15S7 <^aliromia street.
William W. Gray, 21, San Jose, and Kate
B. Sexton. 21. city.
'E¥TBS-MARBlA&ES-DEAm
Birth, marri.iEe and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be banded :
in at either of the publication offices and be (
indorsed wlfh the name and residence of per- |
»..•;- authorized to have the came published. !
Notices restricted simply to the announcement i
of ihe event are published once in this column j
tree of charge.
BORN.
KELLY- -Ir. this city. April 20. 1904, to the
wife of Walter N. Kelly, a eon.
TUFT-In thi* city. April 19. 19(M. to the
wife «»f Alfred C. Tuft, twins — a son and a.
<iaugliter.
MARRIED.
JONAS- MAUSER— In this city. April 20,
P.IO4. by the Rpv. Burr We*>den. Benjamin
P. Jonas and Vioia S. Iiauser, both of thin
i ity.
KNEES:;— BOSQUET— In thif city. April 20.
IM>*. by t!ie Rev. G..A. llernthal, George
Kne.«- and Anna Bosquet, both of this city.
PERCY— HOBBS— In thi* city. April 10. 1904.
by the Rev. Jay William Hudson of the
Second I'nitanan church. Earl Newman
P«fcy und Elvira Wormwood Hobbs, both of
San Francisco.
RICIITER— SCHNEIDER— In this city, April
1«. 19<H. hy tlw> Rev. G. A. Bemthal. Charles
Richier of Berkeley and Elisabeth Schneider
vf this city.
SCHWERDT— HAUPCHILD—In this city.
April 20, I9W. by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal.
Ix»uts Schwcrdt and Elise Hauschlld. both
of tMF city.
VOLLMER— NICKEL— In thin city. April IR,
1U04. by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal. Henry
Volmer of this city and Louise Nickel of
Hutte. Mont.
died] ~
lecher, Stella Leppert. Albert
Ossldy. Richard l^e^-ee. Seamon
•"rocker. Asa McPhair. Roper
lJmvls. William J. MslMtl. Phoebe
Klelsher. Wolf Mulanthy, William
• :oluberg, Annie Nobmann. Mrs. A.
Gutlbert. William J. Peeler. Thomas C.
llarrts. Mitchell G. Perkins, Emeline S.
Hcyes. Man' Reavey. Andrew J.
JIeune~y, Ellen Solari. Anna E.
Meyer, Walter Stewart, Ida
Iluntlngtcn, John A. Straus*. Bernard
Kast. John VaK-allo, baohne I.
Kell. Frederick C. Ward. Mary
Lamb, Georg:
BELCHER— In this city. Aoril 21. 1904.
SteMa. beloved dauchter of E. B. and Lillie
lleecher. and tlfter of S. P. Beecher of
Se*harlin. Wash., and Mark Beecher, of
Auburn. N. Y.. a native of Michigan, aged
21 years s month* and 18 day*.
CASSIDT— In Oakland. A^rtl 20, l«04. at 508
Twelfth street, Richard, beloved husband of
S&rah Oa«aid>. a native of Bandon. County
Cork. Ireland, need 70 years 2 months and
*j days. A member of Live Oak Lodge No.
BI, 3'". and A. M., and Oakland Chapter No.
140. O. EC. S.
CROCIvER— In this ciiy. April 20. 1904. Asa
Crocker, of Suisun, a native of Bamstable,
Ma*a.
I>AVI:s — In AUmeda, April 21, 1904. William
3., beloved husband of A)»xanderina Davis,
• 5_*' v * of Jl ' fW York, aged 78 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
'ully invited to attend the funeral nervlce*
Saturday. Auril VH. at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence. 1515 Benton street, Alamcda. ln-
ler— lent Mountain View Cemetery.
rLELSHHR— In this ctty. April 21. 1!>O4. Wolf
ririsher. b^Iovr.d husband of Hsther Flelrter
¦nd father of Cecelia Fleisher, a native cf
• 'racow. Austria, aged 07 years.
GOLDBERG— In thin city. April 20 1304.
. Anr.le. beloved wife of Oavid Goldberg, and
mother of Gabrlrl and Harry Ooldberr h
iiallve of Wltkova, loosen, Germany, aged* 62
years.
t^Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
< Friday), April 22. at 10 o'clock, from her
lat« nsideace. 1000 Montromery avenue
th««nc» by electric funeral car to New Salem
«>raetcry. leaving Eighteenth and Guerrero :
ttr*»>ts M 11 o'clock.
HENRY J. CAILACHER CO.
4Succe»sors to Flannagan _ Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMUALMERS.
"0 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 60.
UNITED UNDERTAICERS.
Funeral Directors and fmhilmrrs
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at MHS MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipment* at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
jaues McGinn _ co..
Formerly With McGinn Bros..
——Funeral Directors and Krabalmera {
214 Eddy et.: Tel. South 676. '
GUILBERT— In this city. April 'JO. Ii«0t.
William J.. beloved husband of lidi tt I*
Onllbm. and father cf Rutli and Edith
Guilbcrt acd lovire bon ot Mr. and Mrs.
A. Uullbert. and brother of Au«nist. Sopnte
and garniilota Gulllwrt. nnd son-in-law o.
Charies W. Kramor. a native of San Fran-
cis«xi. agt>d 25 year» 5 months «nd ltlay.
CTFrlrnde and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the t'uwral to-day
iFnday) at 11 :.".» o"clcrk. from the parlors
of McKadd^n. McUrearty & Orccn. 11«1 Mls-
r.ion etreet. lumpen Seventh and Ligbth.
Interment CyprcFs Lawn Cemetery.
HARHIS— In tills oltv. April 20. 10W. Mitchell
G. beloved husband of Eniilie Harris, and
father of Mrs. J. Hertzber*. Mrs. R. Grauer
and Ham. Lewis and Benjamin 11. Harris,
and brother cf Joseph Harris, a native of
Leraler. Oertnary, aeed 72 ' years and 15
days.
CXFriends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend th» funeral this day
( Friday). April 22. at 1 o'clock, from , his
late ret-Uence. 1210 Buchanan str«>t, thence
by electric funeral car to New Salem Ceme-
tery, leaving- Eijnteenth and Guerrero
6treets at 1 :45 o'clock.
HAVES— In this city, ADril 21. 190*. Mary.
dearJy belovr-d wife of Maurice Hayrt, a na-
tive of 1 Carolina, aged 49 years and 6
months.
(CTFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Kamrciaj). at it o'clock, from the parlors
of Mnnahan. O'Hara & Co.. 3339-2341 Ml*-
nion Ktrret. n?ar Nineteenth, thence to St.
Pefr> Chirrrh. Alabama Btreet. ntar
Twenty-fouith. wliere a requiem hiich man
»ill i>e celebrated for the repose of h?r soul,
cvinmencltiK ut »:45 o'clock. Interment Holy
<rr«-» Ometcry.
HK.VXESSY- In Petaluma, April 20. 18O4.
Ellen, beloved wife of the late Simon Hen-
nespy. and sitter of the Rev. Brother B«-
teiin »nd Rev. Brother Justin, and' mother
of John Galilean. Mre. Mabel McMahon,
Mr*. Albert Lwjr and M. X. and W. J. Hen-
ri sfv. a native of Ireland, aeed GO years.
ItTTrlends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully Invited «o attend the funeral Saturday.
April 'Si, at !• o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors <if Porter &¦ White. 423 Golden Gate
avenue, thence i«j St, Mary's Cathedral,
where a eolemn requiem hich mass will be
celebrated for the reposv of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:^0 o'clock. Interment St.
llary'e Cemetery. Oakland. "
HEYER— In Oaklnnd. April 21. IPO* Walter.
Iwlovcd aon.of William and Kate Heyer. and
brother of Helen. Irene and William Heyer
Jr.. a native or Oakland, aged 1 year 3 i
n:onthn and " days.
CTFTicnds and acquaintances are respect-
lully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow i Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the !
parlors of Hetuy Evers, 865 Washington
ureet. oak'r.nd. Interment Mountain View i
Cemetery.
Hi;XTINGTON— In this city, April IS. 1JKM,
JoV.n«A. Huntincton. a native of Ohio.
C^Jtrnialns at the parlors of the Henry
J. Oallafiher Undertaking Company, 20 Fiftli
street. .Notice of funeral hereafter.
KAST— In thi5 city. April 20, 19(M, at the
rctldence «f her son. John Kast, 27 Doloren
Ftre<t. Mi-5. Walbunta Kast, a native of
Kaden. Germany, in the ninetieth year of her
aw- A member of the Christian Mothers
and Third Order of Ft. Francis.
CTFriends are Invited to attend the
requiem mats for the repose of her soul on
Friday. April 22. at 9 at St. An-
thony's Church. Army etreet. near Folsom.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric
funeral car frcm Thirtieth street and Kan
Jose avenue.
KEIL—ln this city. April 20. 190* Frederick
C. Keil, dearly beloved husband of Mary C.
Keil. and father of George F.. Louise, Alma
aid Karen Kell. a native of Denmark, ased
M years and 20 days.
E7"The funeral nervices -ill be held
Friday. April 22. at 11 o'clock, at the family
residence. « Waller street. Interment private.
LAMli— In this city, April 21. 1SKM. Oeorpe
Lamb, a native of England, «ed 8S years
I month and 7 days.
K^The funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Saturday), at 12:15 o'clock, at
the parlors of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission
Ftreet. Interment private.
LEPPERT— In the City and County Hospital.
.April 21. 1WM. AH-rt Leppert, a native of ;
Germany, need CO years.
LEVEE— In San Diego. April 21, I8(Vt. Seamon
Levee, dearly beloved brother of Mrs. Iildor
Irvine and Jonaa and Sally Levee, aeed 41
years.
MePHAIR— In the City and County Hospital.
April 21. 1SXH. Roper McPhalr. a native of
Scotland. ac?fl 70 years.
MEISSEL— In this city. April 19, i»<n. Phoebe.
bMoved wife of Frederick Meissel, a native
of Hampshire, England, aged 76 years S
months and li> days.
£3"Friende ar* respectfully Invited to at-
tt-nd the funeral services Friday. April 22
at 2 o'clock, at b*r late residc-nce. 8 John-
ston avenue. Interment at ' Odd Fellows'
Cemetery-
MTLANTHT— In this city. April 19. 1904.
William Mulanthy, a native of Ireland, aged
52 ytare 3 months and 7 days.
E~*The funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 8:3f> o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 757 Mission street,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, where a
t-equiem hlrh mass will be. celt-brated for
the repose or his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
NOBMANN-In Oakland. April 19. 1904. Mrs.
Anna M. Nobmann, widow of the late Cap-
tain Carl A. Nobmann. and mother of Anna
and Minna, Nobmann. a native of Bremen.
Germany. a*ed C5 years and 9 months.
IT~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to att-nd the f nneral services
to-day (Friday). at 10:30 o'clock, at her
late residence. 817 Thirteenth street, Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
Oakland.
PEDLEH— In this city. April 21. 1JHM,
Thomas C. beloved son of Jo*l A. and Addle
H. Pedicr. and brother of John. George,
Harry and Joseph Pedler, Mrs. John Sontat;
sind Mrs. Geo— re Youne, a native of San
Francisco, aeed 2S years.
PERKINS— Passed to the higher life. In this
< ity. April 21. 1JHM. at 1220 Mission etreet.
at Z p. ni.. Emeline Hlivern Perkins, beloved
wife of George F. Perkins.
RF.AVET— In this city. April 19, 1904. Andrew
J.. dearly beloved husband of Clara Reavey.
*nd father of Helen Reavey, and brother of
Tliomas and James Reavey, a native of
New York.
tC7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), from his late residence, 19 Freelon
rtreet. thence to St. Rose's Church, where
a solemn requiem mats -will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
srnd streets. No carriaces.
SOLARI— In Oakland, April 20. 10O4, L. Anna
E., beloved wif* of J. A. Solari, and mother
of Harry. Ruth and Tessie Solarl, and
daughter of Mrs. Rebecca HerlnRer. a native
of Illinois, aged 34 years 0 months and 11
daye.
E7"Friend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnv!te<l to attend the fun?ral service*
Saturday morninn. April 23. at 10:30 o'clock,
at the Golden Gate M. E. Church, corner of
Park and Fifty-eighth streets, Oakland.
STEWART— In East Oakland. April 20. 1904.
Ida Stewart, wife, of John Stewart, and be-
loved mother of Ida. Louis. John and James
Stewart., a native of St. Louis. Mo., aged
43 vears 4 months and 28 days.
ttyrhe funeral services will take place
to-day <Friday). at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence, \ii& Eighth avenue. East Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery-
STRAUSS— In this city. April 20. 1904, Ber-
nard, dearly beloved husband of Llna
Strauss, ami father of Arthur, Edgar. Ida.
Hattie and May Strauss, a native of Ba-
varia, aged 75 years 3 months and 10 days.
CFuneral will be held Friday. April 22,
at 10 o^clock. at his late residence. 1324
Sutter Etreet. Interment private.
VAESALLO— In this city, April 21. 1904,
Daphne I., beloved daughter of Nick and
Agnes VaF.sa.llo, and ilster of Gladys Vas-
eallo. e native of San Francisco, aged 6
years 7 months and 27 days.
WARD-ln this city. April 20, 1904, Mary
Ward (nee O'Brien), wife of James J. Ward,
and mother of Ethel. Frank, Grace and
James Ward, a native of Boston, Mass., aged
32 years. (Boston papers please copy.) '/
C7"Friends 'and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited t<3 attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 315 Waller street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
JCOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
Carriages can be obtained at any hour of
the <*.ay or night at Hackmen's Headquarters.
•JUT, Howard street. Telephone, South 415.
Orders promptly attended to.
FREE FREE
TO 'WANT ADVERTISERS
In next SUNDAY'S CALL.
WALKER'S
SELF-PULLING CORKSCREW.
(Patented.)
You get one of these useful
articles free by bringing your
"Want Ads" to The Call for in-
sertion in NEXT SUNDAY'S Is-
sue ot Greater San Francisco's
Greatest Par>er. •• .__,The leading futures ranged as follows-
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — '
May .- 80% 89% 89« \ 80V.
July, old 8<»% 87 .80 6f,S
July. new. 85^ 65% 84X4 8T>%
September, old. S2«4 S3 84 ij S'tZ
September.- new 81 1 /, 81% ¦ SIM, : fclfi
Corn No.- 2 — ¦ .' ¦..'¦'¦¦
May.... 49%. COVi. 48% ; «U
July ........... .49 4O>4 48% 4s<£
Pepterober 48% 4»i»., ' 48}, • 48^»
Oats NO. 2—: .
May..... 37J4 37% ¦ 36Ti 36
July '........... M% 37(4''\>30U 30%
September ..... 31% , 31% ,30% W«?
Mess Pork, per bbl. — '
May 11 »0 12 10- 11 65 - 12 10
July 12 15 12 32% 12 12%. 12 32%
Lard, per 100 lbs.— .v
May .6 47% 8 CO 6 47% 6 57%
•July « fi5 6 75 . 6 65 6 75
September « 80 6 85 8 80 fl 85
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs.— - :
May fl 27% 0 40 6 27% 6 S7U
July ...-..:..... 6 45 fi &T> 6 45 6 r>5 •*•
September .....¦« 65 8 C7% 6 65 0 C7%'
NEW YORK, April 21. — Close; money on
call very easy. lijl'*c; closing bid. 1c; offer
od l\i per cent.
Time loans rary and dull. Elxty and 'ninety
da>-«. 2Vi6".' ! »i per cent: six months. 8>4@3%
per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 464'* per cent! •
Sterling exchange, eauier, with actual l<Ufi
ness In bankers' bills at *4.K740*4.674S Cor
rtrmand and at $4. fc525« 4.853V for Mxty-day
bllls.
Posted ratm. $4 85^64 86 »ni $4 88^4 88H.
'Vimmf-rcial hills. $4 ft5V«. '
Bar silver. S3 Tic.
Mexican dollars, 43c.
Government bonds. et<Midy; railroad bonds.
Irregular. '
Nczv York Money Market.
All descriptions under this head remain as
.before quoted, Hay being easy and Feedstufts
flrni. - ¦--¦¦'¦ ¦¦';-- I ¦ . ¦ ¦¦¦.¦.:-> ¦¦
BRAN— $20«f21 ¦ per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $25@28 per ton.
/ SHORTS— $20©21 per ton. "-..-.¦-.•
FEEDSTUFFS—Rolled Barley. $23 B0®25 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 50ffi3l:
Jobbing. : $32: Cocoanut Cake, $22@23: Corn
Meal/ $30 50@31 50; « Cracked^. Corn.- $31®:i2;
Mixed' Feed. $21@22;- Horse Beans, ' $3ufl>
40 per ton ;• Broom ; Corn Feed, : POq per ctl. '
HAY— Wheat, $13® 1«; Wheat and Oat, $130
15r Oat, $11 50® 15;. Barley. <Sll@13; - Stock,
$10(^12: Alfalfa, $1C@12 60 per ton. -
-STRAW— 50®75a per bale. .
Ha\ and Feedstuff s.
¦^"The market continues dull and unchanged.
•CURED 'MEATS — Uacon,» i0^4c . per lb for
heavy, lie for light ¦ medium. 13c for light.
14%o for extra* light "*, and 15@lt5c. for sugar
cured ; • Eastern ¦ sugar-cured Hams, • 12%c;,Cali
fornia Hams,*ll'H@12V4c; Mess Beef, $10 500
11 per bbl; extra ¦¦ Mess, $11 50012; : Family,
$12 50@13; prime Mess Pork,-$15;. extra clear,
$24- Mess; $18; Dry- 8alted Pork.- 10«4c; Pig
Pork, " $27 ; Pigs' • F»et, ¦ $5 ; t Smoked Beef. 14c
per lb. -'..-' - .- ¦ •¦ ¦ '.-.;¦¦
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and Oc for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9Wc; 10-lb tins,,U%c; 5-lb tlns,-.C%c; S-lb tins.
10c. - " ' -¦'. : ' -¦- ¦ - :; ' '•'¦;"¦¦> : ' I .': ¦- ¦ '.'/
COTTOLENE — One : half barrel, , 8%c; three
half barrelu, «%c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8%c; flve tierces. 8%c per lb. ; '.
Provisions.
. - % - .. ¦
FLOUIt— California Family Extras $4 80®
6 10, usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $4 70@5;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at S3 85®4 25
per bbl. • .'.--.
MILL6TUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 50 per v 100 lbs;
Rye Flour.' $3 50; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour.
*7- Corn Meal. •¦ $3 B0; extra cream do, $4 25;
Oat Croats. $4 50; Hominy. S4®4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. "14 50®4 75; Cracked Wheat. 84;
Farina $4 BO; Whole Wheat Flour,, %4 75;
Rolled "Oats. bbls. V 25<g8 CO; In sacks, $0 75#
8 10; Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas, $3 50 r pcr, 100 lbs. .
Flour and, Millstuffs.
- The Pine Hill Consolidated Mining
Company, a Delaware corporation, ac
cuses Cerf Rosenthal of haying.con
verted to hia own use and benefit about
$8000, which had been entrusted to
him for the purpose of developing "and
improving the Pine Hill group of
mines in Nevada County. This alle
gation is made in a complaint filed in
the United States Circuit Court by
Bert Schleslnger. 'attorney for : the
complainant. .
The complainant recites that from
September! 28, 1901, to June 1, 1903,
the plaintiff entrustedWRosenthal ¦with
$44,000 for the" purpose • named, and
that he 'falsely . and ; fraudulently rep
resented'that he, ha'd 'expended all* of
that • sum in : developing : and Improv
ing the mines named.- It : is : averred
furtheV that Rosenthal has refused to
make' ah accounting andT the court is
requested to " compel him to do so. .
Suit Is Filed to Compel Ilim to Make
Accounting for $41,000 Kn- '
. trusted to Him.
MINING COMPANY CHARGES /
ROSENTIIAL. WITH FRAUD
Provisions were easier at the start owing
to weakness In the hog market, but. there wan
a good demand for all products and ! a firm
tone »oon developed. July pork closed 15c
higher; July lard was up 7>ic and ribs alsd
gained 7 14c. "
The feature In trading In oats was the sell
ing of September by pit traders, due to Im
proved weather conditions. July closed; at
37%c. . . ' . ¦¦
CHICAGO. April 21.— Under the Influence of
light receipts In the Northwest wheat opened
Urn-, to-day, the July ' delivery being a shade
to We higher at 85c to 63K& A leading
factor throughout the early trading was the
strength in the 1 Northwe B tern markets.' As
the session advanced bearish action In the
corn market became a powerful influence.
There was also enough crop news of conflicting
kinds to keep traders guessing. In conse
quence the wheat pit became extremely ner
vous. Trading was more active than had been
experienced in some tlmejia6t. Houses with
Northwestern connections were persistent buy
ers on crop damage news from the Southwest.
Weather conditions showed material improve
ment and reports from the Northwest were re
ceived telling of fair progress In seeding 'Yin
a late decline in corn there was some realis
ing in wheat. The market closed flrm, with
July at 85%c. May sold between 89H.C and
89&e and closed at 83Hc . ¦
In the absence of selling pressure from any
quarter the corn market ruled flrm early in,
the day. Later there was a fair demand for
May from the big holders, which sent the
price up l%c. July corn sold between W-Kfj;
48%c and 4»%c. closing at 48<*c. May closed
%c higher at 49 Vic
Future Grain and Provisions.
The Raisin trade reported yesterday that the
prospects for settllns the factional differences
between the growers and packers were less
favorable'and that:the settlement seemed as
far oft as ever. "Conferences are gtlll "In
progress however.
FRUITS— Apricots. $Mi®10%c for Royals and
9@12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4 U@
6c: sun-dried. 3@4^c; Peaches, loVifg^Vfcc;
Feais Sipil^c; Nectarines, nominal; Figs,
white S$Hc In . boxes; -black, -JVic; Plum*,
pitted. f>@7 He per lb.
• PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2@2V4c for the four
sires. , . ¦ . ,
RAISINS — The Association quotes the follow
ing prices: Standard grades. 50-lb cases—2
crown Loose Muscatels.. 5%c per lb;
8-crown 5%c; 4-crown, .O^c;- Seedless Loose
Muscatels. 4Vic; Seedless floated/ 4 V4c; 2-crown
Malaga loose, 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose r>%c:
8eedlcss Sultanas, unbleached. 4 He; Seedless
Thompsons, ; unbleached, S'/aC. Layers, per 20
lb box — 6-crown Imperial clusters, $3; 5-crown
Dehcsa clusters, $2 50; 4-crown fancy -.clusters.
$2; 3-crown London Layers, $1 35; 2-crown
London v, Layers. $1 25; usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers* Seeded — Fancy 16-ox
cartons, per lb, 7?ic; fancy. 12-03 cartons, per
package, 6%c: fancy bulk cartons,' per Ib, 7%c;
choice 10-oK cartons, per lb, 7%c: choice 12-oz
cartons, per package, '6%c;. choice bulk car
tons, per.-lb, -7Uc; 16-oz cartons, seeded;Seed
lings. Muscatels, - per lb, 7o; ! 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings,- MuBcatels, per Ib, ft^c; bulk,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb. 6%c. -
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, liiUifmc;
No. 2. HV4@12c; No. I hardshell, 13<Bl:**so;
No 2, 11©11V4°; Almonds, ll%c. for Nonpa
reils ll%c for I XL, lie for Ne; Plus Ultra
and 9 Vic for Languedoc;.* Peanuts. 6C3!7e for
Eastern: Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $^ 50@5.
HONEY— Comb.' 1C«11 H« for white and S%
@9V4c for amber; . water, white extracted. 6@
(Un; Might amber extracted, 4H@4%c; dark,
BEESWAX— 27©29c ; per lb. ;
Dried Fruits^ uts,Raisins,Honcy.
Afternoon Session.
Board — ~ ... - ,
10 Alaska Packers* AscoC"* 1 "-*'...?" *"»¦
10 Alaska Packers'. Association... 141 SO I
25 Spring Vaney tV»w«-w-« ...
$2,000 Hawaiian . Coml A Sugar .".» . . i«. > . fi
r.S.000 Pactflo Electric Ry 6a......^.1M 75
\ Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. A|lu
Bay. CPC 6s. 99 100 SF fc.NP 5a.lll% — "-,
B L Wat 6». — 117% S- PC R 4s. — 100
Cal NW3s..l08%110Mi S P Co 4%s.lC0 —
M C Wat Cs.lOO ; — • Sun Tel es.. 113 —
RIs I WksSs — 107%jSuttr-sfR5s.lC5 113
S/ 1 Drdk Bs. • — ¦ 11S%|UR of SF 4s. 77% 77%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co..". 24 ¦ — Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils 86 — Nev Nat Bk. — 200
Cal G&ECor. 35 — N S R R Co. 9U —
C Jockey C1.115 150 X Cal P Co. 10% 11X4
Cal Powder. 125 — Oak Bk Sav.112% —
Cal Ship Co. 15 30 Oak T Con.. 75
Cal T I AT — 1S5 IOOF Hall A « : — -
Cen Bk. Oak 63*4 70 Orpheum Co.. 12% 16%
Chutes Co .. «T4 — Pac C Cas..llS% — :
City A C Bk — 113 Pac S Tel... 100 101
East Dynxn.. — -250 |Paral. Paint. $8 — ¦
DpntPwd pfd — 90 |S F Drydoclc 60 — ,
Do com .. — 60 SF*SJ Coal. — 30
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — 3J Wat Co. — 10«
Fischer Thtr — 1% SO & MTgbt.123
Frnch-A Bk.106 — Swlss-A Bk.115 —
Gas Con A.- — 22 Truck Gleet. 10 — >'
Hono P Co.. 13 15 UR InC pfd. 43 —
Lon& SF Bk — 60 Do com .. - • - —
Morning Session. . , '-.v* j .
Board — . . ¦ • --''» • ¦
$2,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. . "7 25
$4,000 United R R of 3 F 4 per cent.. 77 37*4
Afternoon Session. - i's'J--'-'
Board —
$4,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 77 37^i
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— * Bid. ' Asked.
Alma 125
Apollo 46
Associated Trust Certificates. . 19 2i> .
Caribou , 4 35 4. B«»
Central Point .Con .70- 73
Chicago Crude .20 21
Claremont - 03 ' 64
Fulton' • .v....'. 3 50
Hanford 180 0<V-
Home 157% 162ft
Imperial ' 14 00 ¦ ;'... .
Independence 21 23
Kern 5 00 '"....:
Kern River 12 CO
Monarch (of Arizona) 40 41
Monte Cristo ' '6.1 " ;...'.
Occidental of W Va l« ......
OH City Petroleum .... .41, ;... -
Peerless .... 14 00
Senator ...."... '. 65
Sovereign 40
Sterling .... % '2 60
Thtrtv-thre« '.."'' • 8-00
Twenty-eight 6 50 . 6 73
Miscellaneous — I
Northern Cal Power ....... 11 00 11 50
Sanitary Reduction Works. .... , ¦ 2 no
';,-;¦ ' sales.
Morning Session.
100 Northern California Power ...... 11 0A
100 Monarch /. ¦- 40
Afternoon Session.
1 Hanford. ¦ 90 .....17!) 00
1 Hanford. » 90 v ..180OI*
100 Twenty- eight Oil B 75
10O Twenty-eight Oil, b 30 ;..,.. 7 00
50 Caribou , 4 35
Alining Stocks.
BAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.* ¦
Following were the sales on the San Fran
eiscp Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
. >. -Morning Session.
200 Alta 061 300 Mexican 2 40
200 Challenge Con 25[ 200 Ophtr 6 s7%
100 Con C & Va.l £5 300 Overman ...... 38
200 Con C & Va.l 80 10OO Seg Belcher .. 13
400 Exchequer . . 31 1 300 Sierra Nev . . 7.1
10O Gould A' Cur. 31 1 400 Union Con .. 05
200 Hale & Norc. 83 10O Utah 14
300 Julia ... I ..... C9f 1(50 Yellow Jacket. . 21
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher ...:.. '311 10O Mexican .' 2 30
100 Caledonia ... 75[ 120O Overman 38
2Ot> Con C A Va.l 75| 2CO Savage 44
300 Gould ft ¦ Cur. 30) 200 Scorpion 31
500 Hale & Norc. 80 4CO Union Coo. . . f .'Z
100 Justice 121 -: ,
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE. . : fS
Following were the sale* on th* Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Alta C8! 200 Mexican «....3 33
100 Belcher 32| 2CO Mexican ...2 37%
100 Chollar 25 5OO Overman ..... 2rt
10O Con ,C A Va.l 80| 500 Scorpion ..... 20
100 Con C £ V.I 77%! 20O Sierra Ner .. 74
200 Exchequer . . 30| 500 Silver H1U . . ' M>
400 Gould A Car. 31 1 200 Union Con '.; .94
300 Hale A Norc. KJ 400 Yellow Jacket.*. 23
1300 Justice- ...... 13[ "¦* "
. . Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 32 700 Justice 13
200 Challenge Con ¦ 25 100 Mexican - Kit
100 Chollar 25 500 Overman 37
I 100 Con C A V.I 77% 500 Silver Hill ..20
100 Justice, 12|
TOXOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales an the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 MacNamara . 191 100 Ton A Cal... 05
DM) MacNamara . 20 100 Ton Midway.. 37
900 Mont Ton ...1 50} 5J0 Ton Midway.. 28
>00 Mont Ton .1 47 H l-V"0 Ton Midway.. 29
100 Mont Ton ...1 45!^XH> Ton Midway.. 40
350O Rescue .. O7| 100 Ton ot Ner..l0 00
UV Ton A Cal.. 061
Afternoon Session.
2000 MacNamara . 20| 600 Ton Belmont. . 75
3100 MacNamara . 21} 2iiO Ton Exten ..~81
• 6CO Mont Ton .1 47V, 1C0 Ton Midway.. 40
100 Ray Ton ... 15 200 Ton Midway <. 41
100 Ton Belmont. 71 40 Ton of Nev.. 10 CO
200 Ton Beimont." 73 ICO United Ton .. 15
SCO Ton Belmont. 74
CLOSING QUOTATION3.
THURSDAY, April 21—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Alpha 08 C9|justlct 12 l~
Alta 0T 00 Kentuck ..... 03 C4
Andes 31 32'Keyea Graes... — 1 CO
Belcher ...... 32 33[Lady Wa#h .. — OH
Best A Belch.l 00 2 OOlMexIcan 2 25 2 3)
Bullion 10 12|OccldentaI ... So • *5
Caledonia ... 74 76'Ophlr 5 62 Vi 5 73
Challenge Con 24 26 Overman 87 3*.
Chollar 24 25jPotosi ....... 20 -2L
Confidence ...1 00 1 05lScorpion ..... 20 21
Con C A Va.1 75 1 fOfSavaxe 4.1 45
Con Imperial. 02 «T|Seg Belcher .. 14 15
Con NY 03 -01 Sierra Nev ..' 71 7'!
Crown Point. -15 16 Sliver Hill ... 59 *O
East Sierra N Oti — 8t Louis — .10
Eureka Con.. — 50 Syndicate ....; 04 . C«
Exchequer . . 30 31 Union Con . . 92 . 9.1
Gould A Cur. 30 311 Utah 12 14'
Hale A Norc. 80 81! Yellow Jacket. 21 23
Julia OS 101 . ' f . " ¦• ..
TONOPAH MINES. >.;
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 001 Rescue 07 OS
Esperanza ... — .'¦ 01 1 Ton Belmont.. 7-T 75
Gipsy Queen. — SOITon A 10 ; 13
Gold Anchor. 18 ?5'Ton Exteh ... 81 . —
Gold M Con." — 10 Ton Fraction.. — 3O
Hannapah ... 10 —Ton of Nev.10 00 .—
Hannapah M. 10 ¦«- Ton N Star. ; . » , —
Little Ton .. — 4O!Ton Midway.. SO 40
MacNamara . 19 201 Ton & Salt L 2<> , -
Mont Ton..l 45 1 47^(Ton Superior.. — C«
Paymaster... — End ... — .,23
Ray A OBrien . 03 — !
'EASTERN MARKETS.
Prunes ami Raisins.
Late n-.Aii advices from New York nay: "The
• r.tire market is quirt, with Jobbers buying in
!•-.¦:; quantities. The low price of Prunes is
tfcr subject of considerable comment as to
*hai Is the teal cause. There is admittedly
a very light mjpply in both dealer*" and job
bers' hands in this market, but it is argued
lhal tr>* supply can hardly l>e light on the coast
»h«n they arv offertn* the fruit on such a low
Imeis out there. It is estimated by a promi
nent authority that there ar* not over fifty
can herr- and, at rar «us can be learned, about
1UK) cars on the coasl. Whatever the real
..-..<¦ Is. there docs nut appear to tx> any one
« aiise of sutticif-nt moment to which can be at
irit'Uted the prices that appear to many to
. bv eo low. Raisin* are holding a position of
inactivity which itn hardly be altered until
definite information is reerlved re-gardlng the
* ;.• : of the directors of the association. Apri
cots and 1'eai.h?* are also quiet."
<*mmm$alnijir, Exports in March.
The following yhows the exports of salmon
lr'.m San Francisco by sea during the month
or March :
Countries— Cases. Pkps. Values.
Kngland «7.27» ... $302,15U
...if,-. 2S.160 ... 83,8l»
«hina 675 ... l,i>45
rhlltppine Islands .. HW 3 2.247
f^tst Indies 59« ... 2.013
]ta«aiian Islands .. 031 S51 !i.«i.V.
.VustraMa 1.4S» 2 K.MCj
rC««r Zealand 2.35tf . . . 12.3S3
Samoan lsl*n<ii .... 1,27« S6 J,:;»Ci
Tahiti 162 40 1.OU6
f^.mth Africa s«X» ... » 2.414
Jamaica 120 ... 431
Trinidad Island 25o ... l.<!7-">
Mexico S» ... KM
«Vr.trai America ... 1<iw ... :s»7
Panama 26 ... 7.1
Kcuador 2«» ... €S
1'eru l.'J> ... 41S
<-hIU 1.945 ... 3. iv.3
Holland 14 ... 7U
Krance IOO ... «w
New Cal«^loni«, ..... 47 ... 121
Fiji Islands 25 ... 70
Totals 107.121 «33 $4S6,0C0
la March, lltfft, the exports werf »6»7 cat.es
and 715 packages, valued at F4O.134. In that
month 24<B5 c*»ei« went to New York and !"»••
case* w«>r» shipped to Knrrland.
A Rotabl<» fe«njn» of th* trart<» last mornh
the comparatively lart* rjuantity p-ih
Japan- The quantities specified «hnv«« is pack
agf'fi represent pickled fish in barrels, half
barrels, kits, etc.
Weather Report.
n2fnh M»ri4lan— Parlflr Timv.)
KAN FRANCIPCO. April 21-5 p. m.
The following are the Heasonal rainfalls to
<!8t*. a» compared with thone «f samp date le»-t
f^ason. and rainfalls in last twenty-four hours:
I^est This I^art
t-'mtmr.t — 1'4 Jmurs. peaa^n. Kcancn.
Kureka «>.40 «hi.!I9 r>y.«»l
Red Bluff O.«2 2n.72 23.15
Pacramento «>.**! 1«.W> lfl.«2
Fan Francisco TV. 39.R1 D*.28
Frpsno <VO2 7.m 8.50
' Tnd^p«n<' <^'» fl °" 2.T.7 2.::4
Ran IJuis Obiepo O.iK) 15.71 ]K.4»
Ixm *rt»l<f O.(lrt fl.Tto 19. 2»
t^>» Diego 0.00 4.20 ll.(J
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS. £ *f «| ff f 2 " I
: 5 § : ¦ . : ?
: •- 1 .
.Bake' 29. 7* ?» 3« FE Clourty Taj
<"*ar«ir.n 2!>.94 1>U 30 W Pt.Cldy .00
Kurfka ::<>.12 r.4 44 NW Pt.Cldy .40
Frono 30. 0« «4 3d NE Clear .*>0
tvE. F«raUon..Srt.«S R5 4» KVV Rain .O7
Flagstaff ." 2Tt.K4 4S 22 SW Clear ¦' -.01
J'ocatello 2».74 4« 34 SW Cloudy .40
Independence .2».»<4 <«0 34 SE Clear .00
l^os Angelps. . .::0.O4 «4 44 FW Clear .00 i
Mt TaRialr>a)«.:W.lo 44 33 KW Pt.Cldy .10
North Head... 20. 72 ft) 44 S Cloudy .12
rhoen'x :23.94 70 46 W Clear .00
Pt P.*ye* Lt..:$<t.O4 58 4«i W Rain .02'
Portland SS.7JJ n« 4t, KW f'loudy .00 !
R»d Rluff 29. 3M ttH 38 FE Ruin .02
TWrl.urjj 29.WI .V. 44 KW «"!oudy .«>4
Hacram'-nto . .30.OQ r.r> 4«> 8 Cloudy .01
Halt Luke 2».M 40 :t2 SE Cloudy .90
Han FMncisco.30.12 M 4S KW Cloudy Ti
Fan I.. Obispo.3it.I0 M 42 W n<>ar .00
Kan tMrgo :«».<m r,£ 4.; N\v f'lcar .00
INattle t . .< .'. .a».T< 68 42 W «noudr .00
Ppnkan* 2«.*2 4«i 42 HE Rain " ,«T
T«toosh 20.7lt 50 44 F Rain "^'.SX
VnJia Walla.. 29. 76 «2 46 BW Cloudy <T>2
Wlnnemucca .2I».S2 F.2 ."12 W «^loudy .04
Yuma .« 2«.W 78 44 W Clear ..00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Th* pre»eure has fallen Pteadily on the
northern coast mid another disturbance will
pmbubly move in from the ocean • along the
Washington coast. A maximum wind velocity
of Fixty mile* per hour If reported at the
mouth of the Columbia River.
Light r»ln has lallen from San Francisco
northward.
The following maximum wind velocities are
r»pert»*1: Wlnnemucca. 26, nouthweet; Flag
•MafT, 2K. southwest, and Pocatcllo, 26. south
west.
The temperature has risen from 8 to 12 de-
Kr»*» ovrr Nevada.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 22.:
Northern California — Showers Friday; brifk
southerly winds. %.
Kouthern California — Fair Friday; fresh
we*t»r!y wind*.
Nevada — Cloudy, unsettled weather Friday;
porsibly Bhow»'rs In northern portion; brisk
veutriwest winds.
Ban Francisco and vlclidty — Cloudy, unset
tled w»«ther Friday, with showers; brisk south
erly winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $ I 25<g2
for fancy. 75cfi$l 50 for choice and 40c@$l< for
standard; Tangerines, . 7."c<&$1 V.'5 per box;
Lemons $2 50<S3 for fancy $1 6C®1 75 for
choice and $1©1 25 for standard; Grape Fruit,
$1 25&2; Mexican Limes, $4 .Via.", per case;
Bananas, nominal; Pineapples, $2&3 per dozen.
STRAWBERRIES— 73cffl:$l for Ixingworths
and 50<gti5c per drawer for the larger varieties.
APPLES— $10-2 25 per box.
i:ec*>|pts of Strawberries consisted of : 13
chests of Ixingworths from ¦ Palo Alto and
vicinity aiul , r > chests of the larger varieties
from Watronville.- The berries met with prompt
sale at good prices, although only a small por
tion of the receipts were strictly fansy. Two
drawers of Raspberries camo In from San
Lchndro, one of which brought $2 2D and the
other $2. . •
Trade In the Orange market was quite active,
a good demand being noted for sound stock for
shipment to Honolulu on th« steamer Ala
iix'ila. out on Saturday. Iy>ca] buying was
limited to purchases of small parcels to meet
immediate 'requirements. Dealers were buying
more on quality than on sice and found. fancy
lotp commanded a premium. Poor and decayed
fruit, which constituted the bulk of the sup
plies, was hard to dispose of even at liberal
concessions. - Ten cars are scheduled for to
day's auction. Two cars of green . Bananas
were received from New Orleans and several
more were reported close at hand. The mar
ket was barn of ripe stock. ..
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
j Light trading continues to characterize the
loca! stock exchanges, and there are no buy-
Ing or selling movements of any consequence
; at present. , There were sales of Alaska Pack
i ers' yesterday at $141@142. ' ''
! The Northern California Power Company has
j declared a regular monthly dividend of 5
• cent* per frharp. iayabla April. 25.
j The Hom^.-take Mining Company of South
Dakota has c"«:ared a regular monthly dlvl
, dend of 25 rents per share, payable April 25.
1 The New York" and Honduras Rosarlo Mining
Company has declared a regular monthly divi
dend of 1 per cent, payable April 23. -
I The Pacific Coast Company has declared a
regular quarterly dividend of 1U per cent each
on the first preferred, second preferred and
! common stocks, all payable May 2.
¦ The International Smokeless Powder Com
pany has declared a regular semi-annual dlvl
! dend of 4 per cent, or at the rate of $2 per
j share, on the preferred stock, payable May 16.
' Shenandoah C. M. M. Co- has levied an as
sessment of 2c per share, amounting to $4000.
i delinquent on the exchange May 14. .
• At the regular annual meeting of the stock
holders of the Columbus Savings and Loan So
ciety ' the following officer* were re-elected:
J. F. Fugazl. president; G. Baclgalup), vice
president: F. N. Belgrano, secretary and cash
ier; A. Chlchlzola. G. Cuneo. Joseph A. Cav
agnaro. I. W. Hellman, A. P. Gianninl and S.
1 B. FugazL Joseph Calegarls was elected a dl
i rector In place of L. Scatena. During the past
• year the depositors received . Interest at the
rate of 3Vi per cent per annum. The net earn
ings were $18,892. distributed as follows: DIvl
(lends to shareholders at the rate of 6 per cent
per annum. $6000; added to reserve; $12.2OO,'
and written off for furniture and fixtures-, $<W2.
The ¦ resources are $2,285,901. deposits ' $2,033, -
659 and reserve ana profits $66,000.
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
! THURSDAY. April 21—2 p7 m.
. ¦ ¦ " ' ¦' ¦ ¦ • .
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. ¦ Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.,107%108 1s qr cp new. 134 134Vi
4s qr reg...l07%108 .1* qr coup. ..107VJ1C8
' MISCELLANEOUS BONDS..
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co: 6s.H9Vi — "
Bny CPC 5s.l00%102 • Do 6« 111% —
Cal CO 5s. — 105 Do con 6s. — —
C^' G & E g Cceanfc S 5s. — - 75
•n & ct 6s. 81 — Om Cable 6s. — 124%
Cal-st C 5«.118%117V» Pue G Im 4s. — 05%
C C Wat 5s. — 102 P E Ry Ss.104%105
E.I L & P 6s — a3O V & C H 6s.lO4% —
F & C H 6s. — 115 P & O R Cs.116 —
Oary-st Bs.. — towell-st 6s. — 111
H C&S 5%s.l00 ', — i.-». FOAR5s. 09%1CO
Vc 6s .... — 07% SF & SJVSs 116>4|
Hon R T es.108% — Sierra R 6s. 110 —
L A Elec f>s. — 105 8 P of A 6s "¦
L A Ry 5s.lll 111% iin«i) .....107 108
LA L Co 6s — — «1910> .....108 —
Do gtd 0s. — — . S P. of C 6«
- Do gtd os.iat 104 (1W>61Sr A. — 102
LAP lem Bs. 90% — <li»(C>)Sr B. 10214 —
Mkt »t C;«s. — -119K (1006) .....104H105 -
Do lcm 5s. — '• — (1912) ....;— U5V4
MVfc MtT5s.l01% — - SPC 1 er Ru. — 119%
NRR-of C6s.lO7% — Do stmpd..lO9%114>%
Do Rs ...11«%117 S P B R 68.13H4132
-N P C R Ss.iaV — " S V.Wat 6«. 104% — ,
N C Ry 5s. 109 — Do 4s 2dm. 99%10OV4
n c p c as. 00 102 -\a. ¦: ' ~em; -—- io^h
N S R R 5a. — 100 • Gtkn G&Efis. — 9<<
O'oLiH 5s.lO6 — U G & E 5s. — 105
O W gtd 5s. — — ! .
. ' WATER-STOCKS. .
Contra Costa 37 38% I Port fosta... — » —
Marln Co... — «l (S A* Wat Co. 3S% 39H
.~ , GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% 4 IS F O A E. 62% P2%
Mutual e;L.U 13 (Ptkn Q A'E. 5- ¦— ;• ,
Pao L Co..'. 50 — |U O & E Co. — 33 ,
, INSURANCE.
Fliem'sFnd. — ¦»•)•- \
' BANK STOCKS. :. ' . -
Am.Ntl Bk. — 122%lLiP* A.... 152% — /
Anglo-Cal ..'82%. 87 Mer. Trust.... — 220 I
Bank of Cal.425 — Merch :Ex..N.— - — ..'i
Cal Safe Dp.145 150 S F Natlonl. — 155 '
First Natlonl —'— »
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ocr 3 «k. l!226O 23V) |Sav &.L So. 100
Hum S & L. — — Hec 8av Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 ' — : Union • T Co. -^ —
S F. Sav U.625
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..—, 200 (Presidio ..... 39V4'41
Geary ;•.....—¦':*&¦ \ ¦ -.C--'.-- 1
- -" -y - ,• POWDER.-
Giant .."....:—; 01%|VlKorlt • — *4%
'• ; SUGAR."- : , '{:
Hana P Co.— - 25c iKilauea 8.C.'. 3VS '4&
Hawaiian C. '47 49 IMakaweli C./21 •.,— ¦¦:.
llonokaa S C 11% Onomea 8 C. — ¦ 27% '
Hutch 3 P.C, 9 ;.'¦—• IPaauhau S C. 12% 13
. ;¦• ¦- ¦¦¦ . MISCELLANEOUS. '
Alaska P A.141%142%IOeeanlc S Co. 13% 4 -
Cal F C. A. 100% PacAuxFA.. 8% — ¦'..
Cal Wine K.MXK 02 % Fac C Bon. — 170 1
MV& MtTm.100 — , (;. ; .
1 ;. -. Morning Session*
' Pocnl— '¦'.'•¦ -'¦'>.,'" "
¦ 10 Cmtra Costa Water .. .... 37 .W.
20 S F Gas & Electric, s 90. .-....'62.75V
30 Sr.nng -Valley Water: Co.V. ... 39 00 7
$5,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5s.... 96 87%
$5,000 Market-st : Ry 1st con 58....114 00
. $1,000 Spring "Val 4s (3d. mtge).. . ..100 00 ,
$12. COO S F & S J V. 5 per cent. . . . • .110 00 • :
,-¦• . >". '. Street— •"' -'•.. -;¦-¦ ¦ ----_•
' 50 S F Gas & Electric........... 63 00 V
-$3,000 S F A & SJ V 6;per cent... .110 00
Trade Light, With Buyers and
Sellers Indifferent.
STOCK MAEKET.
Chicago wav~ rather higher. The private
Wires. at Mitchell, Mulfhhy &. Co. said >- "Crop
news continues, bullish and sensational reports
from Ohio iind Indiana are causinc the shorts
to cover, while the Nurthwest-and Minneapolis
arc good buyers again.' Minneapolis reports
"that a goMi many more mills will start : up
again Monday. The Price Current says that
tlu- week haH betn too cold for growth. Jones,
th« Minneapolis crop expert. Hays that with
th.- most fax-orab'.<» weather Kansas might pos
»Ib!y raise 70.000,000 to 7fi,O<io,t>00 bushels.
Thri-e bad reports received Home contradiction,
however. Secretary Ellis of the Missouri State
Board of Agriculture states that th«» cold
weathf-r has not hurt farm crops and Russell,
the Si. Louis croy expert, says that with fa
vorable weather Kansas will duplicate last
year's crop." Thus it will be seen that the
crop r<»i«>rts and estimates are conflicting.-
Futures here were higher in sympathy with
Chicago, but cash grain was unchanged.
CASH' WHEAT.
California Club. $1 37%@1 42%; California
White Australian $1 47%@1 57%; Northern
Club. $1 33© 1 40; Northern Bluestem. $1 47%©
1 65 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. - Close.
May $131 $131 $1 :ti $1 ai
December 1 S0% 1 20% 1 30Vi 1 M%
¦¦ ,2 p.' m. Session. , .
• Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 30% $1 :tlVi $1 30% $1 31 tf
December . .* 1 30% 1 30% . 1 3!>% 1 30%
BARLEY— Futures were easy. > The easK
grain was unchanged. One or two large hold- i
en were offering lots of (5000 or 7000 sacks at I
$1 12%, but talk on the floor of the exchange I
was that some of this business was done to
press prices, as those who offered the grain
were aware that nobody would buy such large.
Iot3. Tho grain was offered just the same, how
ever, and was there for anybody who wanted It.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 12%© 1 13%; Shipping and Brewing.
$1 17%«n 20; Chevalier. $1,15@1 20 for fair
to choice. ' ¦
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... I »T% US 07% 5)8
2 p. m. Session. "
Open. High. Low. Closei
December... OS _ US l»7% 97%
OATS — Continue as before quoted, the mar
ket being quiet but firmly held.
White. $1 30@l 40: Black. $1 25@1 30; Red.
$1 26@l-3y; Gray. $1 32%©1 37% per ctl.
CORN— There is nothing new to report. The
market continues quiet and the old quotations
rule - ¦ "¦ V
Western sacked, $1 S5@l 40^ for .Yellow,
$1 32%©l 40 for White and $130(3135 for
Mixed; California large yellow, $1 35<@1 42%;
Hmall round do. $1 50®l 65; White. $1 40@l 45
per ctl; Egyptian. $1 40@l 50 for white and
$1 27%Q;l 30 -for brown.
RYE— $1 3digl 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per. ctl.
WHEAT— The foreign matkets continue quiet
and featureless. ' '
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8*U
Sterling ' Exchange, cables — 4 89V4
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Silver, per ounce — ' r»3%
Mexican Dollars, nominal. — 43%
Exchange and Bullion.
Locally Iron wa« unchanged. No. yl foun
dry, Northern. $15 25S15 75; No. 2 foundry,
Northrn. $14 75815 25; No. 1 foundry. South
ern, and No. 1. foundry. Southern, soft, $14 25
@14 75.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Lead was quiet locally at $1 60@4 65. but
declined -r 6d in London, where It closed at
£12 5s.
Spelter was unchanged in both markets.
New York. $5 20&5 25; London. £22 7a Od.
Iron closed at 52s 3d In Glasgow, and at
44? 3d for Mlddlesboro.
Copper remained steady and unchaneed in
the New York market, with lake quoted at
$13 25@13 62%; electrolytic at $13 12%fll.{ 25,
and castins at $12 87%«firt 12%. In London
the market was lower. Spot declined Is 3d
to £57 17s 01, and futures were 2s till lower
at £57 IS* 6d.
NEW YORK, April 21.— The London tin
market was 5s lOd higher for spot, that posi
tion closing at £127 7s 6d, while futurra were
unchanged at £126 15s. Locally tin was
quiet and unchanged at (28 07V£$f28 12%.
Nczv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. April 21.— FLOUR— Receipts.
21.000 barrels: exports, 10.500 barrels. Dull,
but steady. Minnesota bakers'. $40~4 23.
WHEAT— Receipts. 10.000 bushels. Spot
market steady. No. 1 red. $1 04 elevator, and
$1 03frl 08 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Du
luth. HOTic f. o. b afloat. Options were strong
all day, closing «i6%c n*t higher. May closed
at SUr; July closed at t>1>%c; Sentemtxr closed
at 84%c; December closed at .85c.
HOPS — Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady/
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Qul't.
COFFEE— Spot Rio steady. No. 7 Invoice.
7Vic; mild steady; Cordova, 10j21.tr. The mar
ket for future* closed steady, net 5&10 points
lower. Pales 10.000 bag?, including: April,
6.»5c; May, 5.1»3ip<«o: H^ptemher. «.4OS*6.ftOc:
October, 6.5Oc: December, fl.75c; January,
6.8Or.
SUGAR — Raw steady. Fair refining.
3 t»-16e: centrifugal. 96 test, 3 9-16c; molasses
sugar, 2%c. Refined was quiet.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The New York
market Is steady, but the demand cnmtlnura
moderate. Common, 4@oV,c: prime, r>%@5%o;
choice. «V,OUV&c; 'fancy, 74f7 1 -ic
PRUNES — Are steady, quotations ranging
from 3c to 5^ic according to grade.
APRICOTS — Are being cleaned up gradu
ally, but the demand Is not pressing. Choice,
ft%@ioc; extra choice, 10U®101jc; fancy,
llS13c.
PEACHES-Aro firm. Choice. 7' / i«?7%c;
extra choice. 7»i@Sc; fancy, »%©10c.
NEW YORK. AdHI 21. — The cotton market
closed quiet, 7013 points* lower.
New York Grain and Produce.
New York Cotton Market.
FQR THURSDAY, APRIL 21.
Flour qr sks . . 13,635 Straw, tons .... 14
Wheat ctls 3,32" Wool, bales ... C31
Barley* ctla 1,12.". Feed, sks ...... 50
Oats ctls 210 Hides. No. .... 1.C04
Bean.", sks 930 Pelts. No 643
Potatoes sks . . 2.243 Leather, rolls . . 181
Onion?, sks ... 60 Wine, gals 41,700
Bran sks l,053!Chicory, bbls ... 25
Middlings, sks.. .".5 Tallow, ctls ... 228
Hay tons . 4tt>!Qu!cksilver. flks. | 75
OREGON.
Bran, sks «»0|
Receipts of Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS:
SEATTLE. April 21. — Clearings, $627,545;
balances, $72,025. •
TACOMA, April 21.— Clearings, $353,537;
balances. $45,006.
PORTLAND. April 21. — Clearing?, $437,203;
balances. |5l,774. - .
SPOKANE. April * 21. — Clearings, $302,011;
balances, $30,01.5. *
Northern Business.
EGGS— Ranch.' lSgl'.tc for fair to choice, with
20c for large, white selected In a limited way;
ctore, 25Ql$c per dozen. .
CHEESE— £@9c for good to choice new
and 7@7V&c for lower grades; Young Americas,
a%@10c; Eastern. 13@l(ic; Western. 14@15e
per lb.
BUTTER — Creamery at first- hands. 1S@1'J<*
for -extras and 17@17V&c for firsts; dairy, 13j^
17%c; store Butter. 13@14c; cold' storage, nom
inal. - .c
It was reported on the street that the. Los
Angeles Butter - market was Improving and
that the San Joaquin Valley creameries, which
have been shipping to this market, would now
accordingly ship to Ixis Angeles instead, which
will tend to relieve this market of soms of the
influx.
Receipts were 59,000 lbs Butter, 2055 cases
Eggs and 13,200 lbs Cheese.
The situation showed little change yesterday.
Butter continued- toiVieavy- and weak, with
larce stocks and a slow demand and some
houses quoting 18c as the top price for the
best creamery. Cheese was. weak and plentiful,
of course. Eggs were steady, but the receipts
suddenly mounted 'to a large quantity, as will
be seen, the Increase over the preceding day
being nearly 400 cases.' Large lines continue
to go Into store.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Cons money SS 3-1CIN Y Central ....119
Do acct SSVilNor & Western.. r.O'i
Anaconda 3K\ Do pfd 110%
Atchison 74%|Ont &. Western.. 22
Do pfd 95Vij Pennsylvania HfliJ
Bal & Ohio SI V. I Rand Mines 10V*
Can Pacific '..;.. llft&l I Reading 22»:
Ches & Ohio 32%| Do 1st pfd 40
Chi Great W 17 Do 2d pfd...... 3.1
Chi Mil & St P..147»i|So Railway i'2ti
De Beers 19%| Do pfd 87%
Den & Rio G 21V4|So Pacific 49%
Do pfd 72% I Union Pacific 8S
Erie 27%| Do pfd OS
Do 1st pfd fi«U.|U S Steel ll»i
Do 2d pfd 42%l Do pfd KS14
111 Central 134 | Wabash 19U.
Louis & Nash...ltn»il Do pfd 3OV4
M. K & Texas... 17%|Kpani8h 4s S2Vi
Kar slher — Steady, 24 13-lCd per ounce.
Money — 1@1% per cent. -<
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2V*@2U per cent and for three
months' bills Is 2V4 per cent. '
London Closing Stocks.
OREGON.*
PORTLAND, April 21.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla 73@74e; bluestem. Sic; valley, 81@»3c
WASHINGTON.
.TACOMA, April 21.— WHEAT— Steady and
unchanged; bluestem, 83c; club, 74c.
Northern Wheat Market.
ST. LOUIS, April 21.— Wool steady. Me
dium (trades, combing and clothing. 18@22c;
light fine, 14©17Vac; heavy fine, 12@14%c, tub
washed, 2CI&31C
6"/. Louis ll\ool Market.
Receipts of domestic • Poultry were the
heaviest thus far this week, approximating C5
coops, but as the market had previously been
hart- of flr.e_ large young fowls such stock was
firm and nfet with prompt sale j at the pre
viously quoted rates.- Small- Broilers con
tinued to drag and quite a . few coops were
still on hand at the cloae. Game was in light
receipt and most kinds were quoted higher.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 15©17c K per" lb:
Geese, per pair.' $1 75@2 25; Goslings,- :
Ducks. $5 5006 50 per dozen for. old and $« 50fJ>
7 50 for young; Hens,' $7@S for ' large and
$5 fiO@6 50 for small ; young Roosters, $7<&
8 50; old Roosters; $5@6; Fryers, $6@6 50;
Broilers. $ljj4 50 for large and $2@:5 for
small; Pigeons." $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old
and $1 76@2 25 for ' Squabs.
iGAME — Gray .Geese, • *3 50©4 per dozen;
AVhlte Geese, $1 50; Brant, $1 5O@3; Honkers,
$.1ffi4; EnRllah Snipe, $3 otif/4; common Snipe,
$1 50(?fl 75; Cottontail Rabbits, $2; Hare.
$1 50®2.
Poultry and Game.
against carrying into effect the plan of distri
bution of the Northern Securities assets. The
majority vote by tlie Northern Securities stock
holders In favor of the plan seemed to check
the advance In Union Pacific, but It held Us
I firm tone on the ground that the delay in the
cxwution of the plan of distribution will be
] a time available for negotiation and for ar
j riving at a possible settlement which would
i definitely remove this vexed problem from Its
disturbing position' In the market. The In
fluence on United States Steel preferred, which
I received the most recognition, was the aRTee
; mem among the ore producers to reduce prtcea
and to seek to come to an agreement as to
tin? limit of output. As there was some sell-
Ing of Steel yesterday on the fear that the
ore agreement would be disrupted and an open
market established, there was some covering
by shorts, although the decision to reduce the
I jiriee of ore is understood to be oppoped to
the contention of the United States Steel Cor
poration. For the day of a dividend declara
tion Amalgamated Copper was unprecedent
• o.!!y dull and ulugglsh. The stock loet H In
J the day. with the maintenance of the existing
dividend rate. The reduction In the discount
rate of the Bank of England was practically
ignored, as the plethoric condition of the money
markets In all the great centers deprived the
newg of Interest. Call money loaned here as
low as 1 per cent and time loans for all pe
riods showed a continued softners of tone. The
Mock market closed Irregular and below the
best. • .
Bonds were irregular. Total sales (par
value). $1,715,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close-.
AtchiHon 2U.7UO 74 72%b "J^i
Atchisou pfd 200 U3H U3h, 93*
Bait * Ohio 2,<HIO 7J»^, 7l>% VJ\ a
Bait * Ohio i>fd 90V*
Canadian Pacific... l.KW 1174 H«Si H7V*
Central of N J tKW lf.l 15U lttO
Chesap & Ohio 400 32 H 32 Vi iK!
i <iii & Alton 100 37^ s 37*, 37^,
I Ch< & Alton rfd 80 Vj
Chi & O WeFt«-rn.. 1.6UO 1H% 1«>« lOVa
Ohl * Northwestn. 2<Ht 170 . lti» ltSJ
Chi Mil & St Paul. 12.5W 144»4 141 144^
Chi Mil & St P pfd 175
Chi Trim & Tran s^i
Chi Term & T pfd. , 100 1» 1» l'J
C C C & f t Louis 74
Colo Southern 100 lCVi 16*i It! 1 *
Colo South let pfd Wtt
<'olo South 2d jjfd ISt
Del &. Hudson 14.WK) 1«OS jr^Jl, 139?i
!>*>} IjlcU. A \V>ft.. 1,<M» 2741^ 271^« 27U
Denver * 1V<K... S00 21 2*)U 21 «i
Denver & R G pfd 70Vi
Erie &.«<0 -«T» 2«Vi • Vi%
Krie I?t pfd l.«O0 ( .". 05 t T,
Eri^ 2d pfd , 41 VJ
Hoiking Valley ..'. <J«
Hacking. Yal pfd..." .-... .... -»Oii
Illinois Ontral 6«x> 131 130»i 130V,
Inwa. «'entral '¦ 18*,i
Iowa Central pfd. ..* 'JX>
K C Southern ¦ 1»U
K <: .Southern pfd. 4<*) 354 '35 35V,
Louis & Nash 1,200 lOfcVi 1«7'» 1CSV*
Menhattan 1 700 142% 142Vi H2%
M«troi>olltan S^ur. 2<XI 7»Vs 79 78%
M<tropolitan Ft Ry 3.70K 114 lll»i US
Mlr.nAStIx.ui? *7
M StP&Slt Sie M. «C?i
M HtP&SltK M prd. US
MlfF-.url Pacific ... 2.S0U a'l^ 92S 9»
Mo Kan & Texas.. .V*> 17V, 17»4 17V4
, Mn Kan & T pfd... 2(*t ."»»i, 38 i*
Nt nil of Mex pfd 100 38V4 3%U :iiM
N Y Central 700 ll«i 115% 116
Norfolk & Western. 3<X> 5HV* 08 68Vi
Norfolk & W pfd.. 100 8S*A 8S% MM
Nor Securltir* 98 Vi
Ortario & Western l.*«> 2IS 2M» 21^
IVt:r.«ylvanla 1S.900 117% 117 ll7V»
Pitt* C C & St L.. 100 60 60 68
Reidlna- 17.2<W 45V4 44Vi **%
Reading 1st pfd , «8U
Reading lid pfd.... H»0 65>i 65V4 <M
Rock Ifland «'« 4.200 23^4 23 23>4
Rook Island Co pfd f>00 «5W «4 ft4Vi
St L & S F 2d pfd. 100 47 Vi 47 «i 4(i-«4
Ft Ix>Uis * W 114
Ht I^nuis S W pfd. 200 35 Vi 35V» 35
Southern Pacific . . 19.JW0 43>4 4S?i 48%
Southern Railway.. 000 21 % 21 Vs 21%
Southern R.v prd... .'.00 85 14 R3 84 Vi
Texas & Pacific ... 200 24% 24V4 24
Tol St L & West . . . 1.100 2fl% 2« 2«
Tol St L & W pfd. 700 38% 38 S8
Vu'.nn Pacific 41,500 8« 84% S3W
Union Pacific pfd. cm » M S3 V2\l
Waba*h 200 1R% 18% I8V3
Wabash pfd 2,300 09 tf S0T4 Xi
W &. Lake Erie W
Wisconsin r>ntral.. l"0 18% 18% 1SV4
Wisconsin Con pfd. 100 40 «0 39%
Kxpre»s Ccmoanlee —
Adams 220
American IRj
United States 107
WHIs Fargo 200
Miscellaneous — ;
Amal Copper 5,W« W\ 49V4 4»Vi
Amer C & F 400 17% 17% 18
Amcr r & F pfd... 800 71 70% 70Vi
Amer Cot Oil 2»%
Amer Cot Oil pfd « 88
Amer Ice ...." 300 T " 7
Amer Ice pfd 800 2SVi 27 28Vi
Aidt Lin Oil Stf
Aro«r Lin Oil pfd 28
Amer Loco .:..... 2.300 1»H 1KV4 1»H
Amcr I^oco pfd ... 100 81 V4 81 Vi 80ifc
Amor Smelt & R 48
Amer fi & R rfd... 200 n.1% W m^
Am«r Bug Ref l.«00 127V4 127 127%
Anaconda Min Co 73
Brooklyn nap Tran 14,500 4«% 45Vi 4«
Col Fuel.fc Iron... 300 32 31 32
Consolidated Gas .. ll.»00 21OVJ 208VJ 208%
Corn Products .... 100 l.iVi 13V4 . 13«i
Corn Products pfd. 1.000 71 V4 71 Vi 70V4
DistillTB' S*!cur. . 1«O 21 21 21
Oct , Electric 100 163Vi 163Vi l«J3Vi
Inter Paper -j- ••••• ••••• Jl
Inter Paper pti ... 200 66 66 £5
Inter Pump j>8»4
Intor Pump rfd '4
National Lead I'Vi
North American •- ••••• 81
Pacific Mail 300 27Vi 26% 26%
PeopleV G*r 100 W,% »6% 97
Pre«s Steel Car 4,200 2« 24% 25%
Pr»»s Steel Car pfd 100 70 70 70Vi
Pullman Pal Car... &00 212 211 212
Republic fiteel .... 1.O00 7 7 6%
Republic Steel prd. 200 44 % 44 U 45
Rubber Good* POO 16% 15% 16
Rubber Ooodn pfd " w %
Ten Coal & Iron... 400 38 37% 3S
V R Leather 2.100 1% 7 7H
IT 6 Leather pfd... 2.RO0 60*4 79V4 80
ITS Realty 400 7 C% <i%
\1 S Realty pfd ... 3.200 B6*fc R4% S6Vi
TJ S Rubber 2.300 • 14V4 13% 14
\: S jlubber pfd.... 11.000 «4% 68% B3H
tT S fiteel 1V°<> 1°% 10^ 10 H
U S Steel pfd .40,300 T.7% 56% 57H
Westing ¦Kloctrlc .. 400 15S 15« 158%
Western Union .... 600 8S% 88% 88%
Total shares «ol<J. 323.100
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW. YORK. April 21. — 'Bond transactions of
the United Railroads of San Francisco were
$20,000 at $77 29.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, v bid 4'i. asked 4%; preferred, bid
I 34 Vi, asked 35 Vi.
NEW YORK BONDS..
! U 6 ref 2s reg..lO5% L & N unified 4s. 09
Do coupon 105% Man con gold 4s,102>4
Do 3s reg 106V& Mex Cent 4s..... 67
Do coupon 107Vi Do 1st Inc.... 12%
Do new 4s reg.133 Minn & St L 4s. 95%
Do coupon 134 M. K & T 4s.... 89%
Do old 4s reg. 107% Do 2ds ..... 78%
Do coupon 107% NR of Mex con 4s 75
Atch fren 4b...... 99% NYC gen 3%s.. 08
Do adi 4s 91 N J C ten Ss 129%
Atlantic C L 4s. 93% Nor Pac 4s...... 103 U
Bal & Ohio 4s. ..100% Do 3s 72%
Do 3%s »4 Nor & W con 4s.. 97%
Central of Oa Ss.lOB OSL 4a & panic. 94%
Do 1st lnc 71- Pa conv 3%s....06%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l02% Reading fren 4s... 98
Chl-& Alton 3%». 7C>4 SL & IM con 6s.ll3
C B & Q new 4s. 0C% S L & 6 F fg 4s. 82
ciM * SP rn 4s.lOS% St Louis SW lsts. 96
C A- .\'ff con 7b.12DU Seaboard A L 4c, 69
C R I & Pac 4s. 72% Bo- Pacific 4s..... 8fl»i
Do col r.s 74% So Railways 5n...lJ.TJj
C.C.C & SLsn 48.101 |Tex &Pac lsta-UiS
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— - - \ May. July.
Opening • \\*& *t\* L
Closing 0 4% b 6%
PARIS.
Wbeat— April. Sept.-Dec.
Opening .22 30 20 C5
Closing ....22 40 20 C5
oSr... •••S5K %<*
Closing ... 26 25 27 S^o
Foreign Futures.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — |u S Steel 10%
Call loans 2'i(53Vi Do pfd 57%
Time loans ...3V4@4'%! Westing Common. 77
Bonds— • Mining—
Atch 4s 09% I Adventure 2
Do adj 4s OO'.ilAllouez 4%
Mex Cent 4s 65 Amal Copper .... 49Vi
Railroads — Amer Zinc 10}j
Atchieon 73% Atlantic 8
Do pfd- 93 Bingham 21 %
Boston & Albany.24OV4 Calumet •& Hecla.4C«
Boston & Maine.108 Centennial 19%
Boston Elev 140Vi Copper Range .... 42H
KUchburg pfd 139 Daly AVest 22%
Mex Central 6U Dom Coal Q2%
N Y. N H & H..1S9V4 Franklin .... 8
Pere Marquette.. 78 Grancy 4
Union Pacific S5 l*Ie Royale 7
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining 4Vi
Aroer Arge Chem. 13 Michigan 5
Do pfd 71 Mohawk 41 Vi
Amer Pneu Tube. 4V4 Mont Coal & Coke 2V4
Amer Sugar ....127U Old Dominion..,. 12
Do pfd 125H Gsceola 57
Amer Tel & Tel. 126% Parrot 24.
Amer Woolen ... 10»i Quincy 85
Do pfd 74 Shannon ' SV1
Doro Iron & S.. 0% Tamarack 95
Ed Elect Ilium. .238 Trinity 4U
Gen Electric 1C3 U S Mining .... 20
Mans Electric 19 U S Oil 9V»
Do pfd .... 74 Utah Sr.^
Mass Gas 39% Victoria ::
United Fruit l«m Wlnona (Hi
Un Shoe Mach.:. 4S»« Wolverine 72
Do pfd 2S*i
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 20V&c; Astral. 20Vjc;
Star, 2OV4c: Extra Star, 24Uc; Elaine, 26%c;
Eocene. 23 V4c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk, lGc; In cases, 22 ]^c; Benzine, In bulk,
18c: in cases, 19V4c; .S8-degree Gasoline' In
bulk. 2">c; In cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In cases and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7©
T'-ic per lb; White Lead, 7@7%c,. according to
quantity. '"~ ¦ •¦ ' . '¦»'—•
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
panv quotes as follows, per lb, in ICO-lb bags;
Cubes, ¦ A Crushed ' and Fine Crushed, 5.ft5c;
Powdered. 5.5Uc: Candy Granulated, 5.50c;
Dry ¦ Granulated, fine. 5.40c; Dry Granu
lated, coarse. 5.40c: Fruit Granulated, 5.40c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), 5.30c;
Confectieners* A, 5.40c; Magnolia A, 5e;
Extra C. 4.90c; Golden c, 4.80c; "D."
4.70c; barrels.- 10c more; half barrels, 25c more;
boxes, 50c more; 50-Ib bags. 10c more for all
kinds. Table'.s — Half barrels, 5.90c; . boxes,
« 15c- H. & E. Crystal Domlnps, 8.40c per lb.
No orders taken for less than seventy-five bar
rels or Its equivalent. ¦ „' ,_, J „
TEA— The market Is well held and firm,
though not particularly active.
- RICE-r-Is quoted active and firm. It is said
that the rice millers of Texas and Louisiana
have formed a combine and that it Is their In
tention to advance the prices on Japan
grades >4c '.''v"
BAGS— Grain Bags, 6%c spot and 5%c June-
July; San Quenttn, $5 40; Wool Bags, 32335c;
Fleece Twine.' 7@8c.
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $S: Seattle, $0 60; Bryant. $6 60; Bea
ver Hill. $0; Stanford. $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend, $7; Richmond,
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $1150913
per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 80
per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 5c; Linseed, 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil, -in eases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' A A, $1 HWl 12: Lucol. 45c for boiled
and 4.'Jc for raw; China Nut, OOQftOc per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil In barrels. 68c far Ceylon and 65e
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, 85c: natural winter Sperm Oil, 80c: extra
bleached winter Whale OH, 05c; natural Whale
Oil. COc; extra winter strained Lard Oil, 75c:
No. *1 Lard Oil, COc; pure Neatsfoot Oil, 75c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil, 65c: light Herring .Oil,
45c; dark Herring Oil, 43o; Salmon Oil, 38a;
boiled Fish Oil, 40c; raw Fish Oll738c; boiled
Paint Oil. 35c; raw Paint Oil, 33«.
General Merchandise.
CHICAGO. April 21.— CATTLE— Receipts,
7000. Steady. Good to j prime steers, $5 000
S «5; poor to medium, $3 80®5 00; stackers
and feeders'. $3®4 25; cows, $1 75@4 35;
heifers $2@4 85; canners. $1 75@2 60; bulls,
$2 25ift.4 25; calvee. $2@4 50; Texas fed steers,
$4 25@4 80. ,
HOUS— Receipts to-day, \ 24,000; to-morrow.;
15,000; 5@l0c lower; mixed and butchers,'
S5(ft5 15: pood to choice heavy, $5 10
txr. 20; rough heavy, $4 9(i#5 05; light, $4 80
<ar> 05; bulk of sales. $4 U5@5 10..- -
SHEEP — Receipts, 12,000. v Steady. Lambs,
steady to strong: good to choice wethers, $4 75
@5 50; fair to choice mixed. $3 75@4 00; West
ern sheep, $4 90155 45; native ' lambs. ?4 50@
5 DO; Western lambs, clipped, $4 75@5 05;
Wcetern lambs, wooled, $0 50@0 80.
CHICAGO.
Livestock 'Market.
CHICAGO, April 21" — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady
to firm; rreamery, 14@23 1 / 1! c; dairy, 13i&21c.
Eggs werf firm at mark, ¦ 10^S17c. Cheese
vras steady at OtfjlO^c «
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
New York Stock market higher. Cotton lozcer.
Local Stocks and Bonds continue inactive.
Silver and Exchange about as before quoted.
Crop reports from the Wheat belt conflicting.
Jlarfcv, Oats, Corn and Rye about as before.
Hay easy. Feedstuff s in light supply and firm.
Lima Beans reported weakening under the rain.
Potatoes steadily held. Onions quiet. Asparagus higher.
Poultry selling well in spite of heavier receipts.
Came advanced under diminished arrivals.
Oranges more active, with a good shipping demand.
Butter still weak, with the market well supplied.
h.ggs steady at the advance, but receipts larger.
Raisin complications still far from settlement.
Provisions quiet and easy in all positions.
Lamb lower. Hogs in ample supply. Other Meats unchanged.
Tea tcr// held. Rice active and firm.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
Chi Term 4s 'SO^lT. St L & W.4s.. C9^4
Cons Tobacco 4s. 58»4tUnlon Pacific 4s... 1C4^
Colo & So 4s 85^1 Do conv 4s .... 09%
C F & I conv 5a. 7O»4 U S Steel 2d6s.. 78%
Den & Rio G 4s. 98 V* Wabash lsts . 117V4
Erie prior lien 4s. 98^ .Do deb B C3U
Do gen 4s ..... 87 W & L Erie 4s.. 88&
F W & D C lsts.lOOUtWis Central 4s... 1)0
Hock Val 4H>s..lO(5 j
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 25! Little Chief 06
Alien 10]Ontario 4 25
Brtece lOjOphir T. 5 50
HrunB Con O3| Phoenix 09
Com Tunnel 08 Potosl 20
Con Cat & Va.. 1 70 Kavage 45
Horn Silver 1 30 Sierra Nev 68
Iron Silver 1 »0! Small Hopes J5
Leadvllle Con ... 02|Standard 2 60
VEGETABLES- Asparagus, 4i / 4ig'7c per lb;
Rhubarb. 40$iS5c i>er box; Green Peas, $1 25®2
p«r sack; String Beans, 17^igf20c per" lb;to
matoes, 75c(5$l 25 per box or crate for Los
Angeles, $1 25@1 50 for Mexican and- $2 2o@
2 75 per crate for Florida; Summer Squash
from Los Angeles.. $1@1 25. per box; Cabbage.
$1 25 perlcil; Carrots.- 6oc per sack; Hot
house Cucumbers. -50c@$l 25 per dozen; Garlic,
15c per lb;- Egg Plant, -20c per lb; Dried Pep
pers, 8@10c for sun-dried and 12H@13c per lb
lor evaporated; .Dried Okra, 12V<;@16c perlb;
Green Peppera. 20@25c per lb: . Marrowfat
Squash. Jobbing at l'/4@2c per lb.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. $1 50
@1 05 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks $1 5O@l 75
per ctl; River Reds $1@1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Burbaqks for seed $1 25@1 60 per ctl;
Garnet Chiles, $1 50@l 75 per Ctl; Early Rose,
$1 40@l 50 per ctl; new Potatoes. 2&@3&c per
pound. . • * v '
ONIONS— Yellow. $2 C0@2 75 per ctl for Ore
gon and $2G3 25 for Australian; Green Onions,
40®<-;0c per box. ¦ ,- y--- .
Aside from a Hale of one lot of 170 sacks of
river Burbanks at . $1 75' per cental : there . was
nothing new . to j report \ In ; the Potato market.
Sellers have the situation well In hand and are
exacting high prices. New Potatoes were steady"
under continued light receipts. Australian and
Oregon Ontor>3 ; were without' quotable change,
the latter being neglected and largely nominal.
A carload of . Nevadans was received and was
firmly held at $3 per. cental. ': . • ' r
, The cold weather of the past few days re
tarded the growth of Asparagus and as a re
sult receipts were - much lighter. Retailers
were obliged to pay higher prices for the beat
stock and the cannen,* who -started buying- at
4}Je per pound, raised their bid to 5c and se
cured moat of the No. 1 and No. 2; at that
flgare. Peas were abundant and were selling
by the sack again. • The top quotation was ob
tained only for extra fine lota. $1.76 "being
about the top for the general market. Rhubarb
continued weak .and sold at a wide range as
to quality. Tomatoes were rather weak than
otherwise and Florida lots, which were mostly
overripe, .were quoted . lower. Los . Angeles
vegetables stood as previously quoted. • •
Receipts of Vegetables included 898 boxes
of Asparagus, 822 boxes of Rhubarb and 841
sacks of Peas. . ». v . '" / ,
Potatoes, 'Onions and Vegetables.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock. • delivered In San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: . •
CATTLE — Stters.- 3<@9c; Cows and Heifers,
7®8c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb. " •¦¦¦,.•-¦
CALVES — 4@4ftc per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— We.thers, 4ft®5c; Ewes, 4V4®4^c
per lb (gross weight). ¦
LAMBS— $2 75»3 per head.
. HOOS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs. B%Qtc:
over 200 lbs. 6H@5^c; soft Hogs. 4%©B^c;
Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars, 50 per cent off,
and Stags, 40 per cent off from above quota
tions. . •
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follow*: " - ~ -¦
BEEF — 7V4C8o for Steers end <J07o per
lb for Cows.. . " :
VEAL— Large. 8W69c; small. 8W®9Wo per
P °MUTTON— Wethers, 9®10c; Ewes. 8H®9%o
per lb. • . -: .. ¦./•¦;.-¦.;¦?.'--¦ ¦ ' -¦ ¦
L,AMB-rl2^c per lb. ? -.
PORK— Dressed Hos». 6H®9o per lb.
, Lamb is In better supply and lower. Hogs
are easy, with ample receipts. ; but prices show
no decline. Beef and Mutton are unchanged.
Meat Market.
lb; Millet. S®31ic; -Broom Corn Seed. $203:21
per ton. . .¦-¦¦-¦- . • -, • . - :j ••¦•.., . -•
DRIED PEAS^-BIackeye. $3 per ctl;lNlle«.
$3 25: Green. $3©3 25.
Stifct>5c;,No. 3, 84&92c; No. '. 2 red. 6«lS94%c;
No. 4 corn. 4»i4«50%c;:No. 2 yellow, 60c; No.
2 oats, 37^©:«*y t c; No. 3 white. . 37H@42Hc:
No 2 Rye. U7©-€Sc: good feeding. barley. 33@
S5c: fair to choice malting, * 48@65c; No. 1
flaxseed. H 02; No. 1 Northwestern.: $1 00;
prime timothy-seed, $2 ©5@3; f mesa pork, per
bbl., $12<512 50: lard, .per 100 > lbs., - $6 55®
C 67 %;.' short ribs sides (loose), $6 65(g6 67%;
shcrt clear sides (boxed), : $6 37%@6 60;
whisky.' basis of high wines, $128; clover,
contract grade, $10 75. -•>• I . .-
Articles — * ""¦'- Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 17,200 ' 35.700
Wheat, bush*ls 40.000 22.(500
Corn, bushels .128.700 .• ' 72,700
Oats bushels .. • 133.50W 169,800
Rye. bushels .....; 4,000 : 2,900
Barley, bushels ..40,000 ., 12,100
THE SAN - FRANCISCO CALL, : - FRIDAY/ .APRIL 22, 1904.
Cash Grain and Provisions:
CHICAGO, April 2J. — Caen nUotatlont were
as follows: Flour, qutel;\No. 2 spring wheat,
NEW YORK. April 21— The minds of specu
lators seemed to be Etlll befogged to-day over
th* \1*u of new developments in the Northern
P^curities contest, and the consequence was
that for the most part they refrained from
operating. The stock market was almost en
tirely one of f>r>eriaitif-F, and the peculiar
grounds on which this class of securities
usually mow* were not always manifest. The
rnarfcn started upward, led by Union Pacific,
wnidi ewned to be helped by the granting of
a temporary Injunction by a New Jeney court
New York Stock Market.
¦ With tlvs rain recently received and the usual
.scattering ¦ showers along , through, the .-spring
it is ' now thought ; that, a ¦¦ fair., crop of . Ltmas
and' small Whites can be raised." and these two
descriptions are 'accordingly } easy." .-, One } house
reported ¦ a : decline • In , Llmas^at - primary points
yesterday.";.- ¦;¦..:"¦ > r "¦¦¦ ¦-*'>• •'.'.} ;"¦¦:¦/."»...'¦..¦>.¦. .,
BEANS— Bayos. • $2 35@2 B0p Pea.k$3«?3 25:
Butters $3 50^3 75; small • White, -i $3@3 10;
large White, * $2 65@2 75:~. Pink, 3003 50;
Red, $4 50;. Lima,-; $3 80^3 25;. Red -Kidneys.
$4 50@3- Blackeye.,$2 15&2 25 per ctl: Horse
Beans. $2©2 50. . - ' . .
- SEEDS— Brown : Mustard.N 53 7594; Yellow
Mustard ¦; $3©3 25;- Flax." $1; 8061- 00; 'Canary.
5U©5%o for. Eastern; Alfalfa. 14%® 16c; •¦ Rap*;
1%©2c; Timothy. 6@0%c;- Hemp. 3Ufl4c Der
Beans and Seeds.
v Bee*. Taylor, who as administratrix * of
the estate ofi her uricle. J.-D: Taylor, has
been' In ':> court almost- continuously
since : the filing : of his will for probate.
Is in more , trouble. . «A • citation, was \ is-^
sued 1 yes'terday ."directing her. to appeal"
before , Judge .Troutt ; April 28 to,. show
cause -: why she has • not - paid a claim
of $950/ due:* for . services - rendered*? by
the. Golden' Gate Undertaking Company
in preparing 'the": remains of her uncle
for burial/ "
Bee Taylor. in. More Trouble.
• HIDE8 AND SKINS— Culls and -brands »ell
about - %@lc • under ; quotations. -.- Heavy; Salted
Steers,- tJiic^medium,'* 8%c; light,'. "%c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and ffcc- for light: Stags,
Cc- Salted Kip. Oc: Salted Veal. 10c;- Salted
Calf, -lie; dry- Hides. 16c;- dry; Kip. 1 13c; dry
Calf 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings,- 25@30o each;
short' Wool, 1 40® C5c each;' medium, 70®00c; long
Wool $1®1'BO;- Horse Hides, salt, 1 $2 7B for
large and $202 50 for medium. $125@1 ,75 for
small and 50c for Colts. v Horse Hides, : dry,
$1 75 for largeand $1 60 for medlum,!$l©l 25
for small . and 60c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican. Sic ; ? dry * Salted - Mexican, • 25c ; : dry
Central American, 31c/. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras, v 75c; t large and .: smooth. : ; 50c; -> medium.
35c: 8aiall,-20c.rv •¦¦¦'.." <-¦ . : '• •*¦ " •
TALLOW — No. ' 1 rendered. - 4 \\Q\ %e 'per Ib ;
No. 2.' 3%©4c;> grease. 2H- l B3c. . :
»¦ WOOL — Spring clip— San- Joaquin and South
ern.-12»months',8®llo;-do 7 months', :S@10c
per f lbr Middle j Counties, ¦ 12616c for < free . and
ll©14c for defectiverNorthern.".15@17c for. free
and 13®15c for defective; Nevada. . 12®15c," h ac
cording to' condition.- •'•¦.•.. ; v ¦¦• " : , - _¦
HOPS— 24@27c ¦> per,- lb : for California," 1903.
and,17V4C20c for'croD of 1004. * ; . v ;
Hides, Taliow,. Wool and H6}>s.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15••' Log^Cabinl'V'lThe bread with a flavor. V* t Ask
jro v uT dealer-^^Whoieiale—WCr" 1 Dolores 3 it.* -* • • '
The Santa; Fe! f romj Merced ¦ isithe best
way/,' Through ; two \ groves of ; Big\Trees ;
intotthe'VaHey/one ; : ;out Van-
other.f*"'.'' . •".-.¦ '.,;'-'~v^ ¦>-¦'¦ • >_¦" . ' •-" ¦'.;
: - Tickets, on sale and seats on the stage
reserved;ati 641 5 Market* St., : San';Fran
cisco,i-.^,.-- ¦¦."; ¦¦'.•-.; 'V' .¦.<->*¦¦¦?--'•• ¦ j- : m-<
Yosemito '¦> No\y > Open.
".. PHYSICIANS TO;MEET.—Invitationsare~-be
ing Issued to all the physicians In the city to
attend a meeting in the<offlces of the Board of
Health, Saturday. Apr!! Z\, at 8:30, to'diacu'sa
various questions '.of-, public 'health* and -to.? fur
ther the • work' of i the. volunteer, school ¦ Inspect •"
ing. phyiiclans.-k- A"laree£ttendance Is expected.
, "Be itfeyer so hunible.there is'no place
lik^\hbme," -'arid ;^the ; home* cariV be fur
nished ?with*;l pretty JJ and
framed. pictures at a very moderate price
by; calling i on -'Sanborn; yail,-, & Co., ; 741
Market street/. CV^f ' ' V ''C;** ¦¦': ': ' : *s '• ."•
; : GI JCE CliUBS -.WILLi ; GIVE • CONCERT.— A
concert v wlll, be given by. the University of Cali
fornia's Glee and 'Mandolin. Clubs? shortly, for
the benefit of, the club's Expenses; during a .trip
from • this ; city • to'; St.'< Louie.. -".'The i programme
rendered : at ' the romlng • concert will - be .practi
cally the same < as ¦ the one : to . be : given . at .; the
World's -Exposition; *T.J ; :_X * .---.-
': : ; Another 'California star.'is to ; return\to
vis, soon "for/ a r short; season.,. .This? time
great' preparations -for;a reception "are be
ing made.'. : One \ reason • California" has ' so
many, stars is owing to the, use of gas for
fuel in • so many rhomes. giving, time r to
study.' for other ¦ matters.'./ Buy your ; gas
range , from -, 8. • F. . Gas , and < Electric Co.,
415 Post street. •:? ' .... ,.',;:¦;.•.-
"> DO NOT- WANT A GUARDIAN.— Thomas J.
and I Eliza Oakes, who, ' according to a petition
for-lettera v of * guardianship over their persons
and. estates filed by peorgeW.. Oakes and Ma.
rle : Harrlgan and .three of their other children,"
are 'old 'and infirm and unable to look out for
their interests." do ¦ riot'. want to be branded : as
incompetents by, any, court. Accordingly ; they
yesterday 'filed, an opposition to the i petition of
their;chlldren;'lnwhich they declare ¦ that they
are ; well : and ¦ able to • take - care of '. themselves
and that they, are 1 in t no 'need of. a guardian.
They ask that the court refuse to appoint their
bob.; George, Oakes. their guardian. -> > '.
The "'hearing'; of the suit for' divorce
of Edith Childs against Jerome Childs,
a ; mining superintendent, yesterday in
Judge Hebbard's, court; was«quiet com
pared to the -hearing of the day before,
when '¦ Mrs. Childs grew ' hysterical; and
attempted to assault her husband af
ter calling him all -sorts of; names. The
hearing/ consisted ; of -the ; examination
of "Childs and several . witnesses who
claimed to have a knowledge of the
illness Mrs. Childs said ' she suffered as
the, result of Childs', treatment. .
'Childs' testimony was a complete de
nial, of the charges. made. against him
by his - wife. : His 'attorneys [ introduced
in. evidence a letter written to him by
his wife in which' she' sends him kisses.
Mrs. Childs', admitted haying written
the letter, and then volunteered the in
formation that in'that letter, when she
addressed Childs as .her 'husband, it
was the .first and the only time she
had, ever .done so.
At 'the; conclusion of . Childs' , testi
mony", Judge Hebbard . 'continued the
case until to-day ' at 2 p.m. in order to
enable . ' physicians, who - have treated
Childs, to testify as to his" condition.
Suits for, divorce were filed by Edythe
Warren ; against Henry ' M. Warren ; for
cruelty and Kizzie B. Winders' against
David Winders for neglect. The War
rens were married at' Fresno last Au-^
gust, .the alleged cruel- treatment, ac-'
cording to : the^ complaint, 'following
close ? upon ;_the" marriage .'day. ¦.'->".-
Divorces were grarited to Marie Ol
mos f rom ¦' Antonio : Olmos ¦ for neslect ;
Arigelene Church • from .'-. Grant -. Church
for cruelty; James' McCormick from
Kate .E. McCormick ] for. cruelty ;> Sam
uel ¦ R; ' Johnson from Mary *E. Johnson
for 'cruelty; 'Annie C Knight frbrn'Al
orizo S. Knight for 'desertion and Jo
hanna- MohrV from George Mohr for
neglect. • * • ¦ . .
The" suit for maintenance .brought ; by .
'Alvina 1 Glazer against" Frank Glazer,'
who . keeps a restaurant on Clay street,
was dismissed by Judge the
couple* haying." agreed to j*li ve - together.
• In an answer and cross-complaint to
the ' suit-' for i divorce brought against
him by Angelina" Dellamore, '* Frederick
Dellamore^ denies that-'- he .was; ever
a", cruel ¦ husband ; and ; charges , that ' she
is the one at fault. He says -she "abuses !
him in the presence of their three chil
dren and displays no regret after, tell
ing i with a great deal of force that he
is.no "good." ; ¦ ' , .. . •
" "Thercornmittee; considered ?a' suggest-,
ed : compromise \ to \ make; the .'northern
limit ; along} the -line*, of -, ; Pine
street, f arid ; Dougiiertyj. said: he . would
agree to - it. Formal " action,-- however,
will-be takeriat the joirit'cbnfere'nce. •'•,-
'•"It .we wanted, to save ourJcity," said
Brandenstein,\"we should have' toTorder
the ; present f rarnej buildings': torn Jdowri
and have I the I owners compensated.* ;; It
seems -to me \ that' the \ better plan'; is to
limit Vthe \ height [bit jail • f rarne'.buildings?
which^would; minimize ; therdanger.'*' l\ \
/ The .cominittee~7havlriglheard>i all^the
protestarits, i was^ decided * to\ take ; the
matter, under ¦; advisement .a'tt'a 'confer-'
ence to be ; held ; with »thej Fire ;Depart
rrierit on ¦ Monday . next ' at ? 9 : 30 • a> m.,1 at
which * time ; a'< report will . be filed with
theboardi'.
Protestants -'¦ against ; including " ; the
block bounded by- Steuart,- East, - How
ard and Folsom streets were represent r
ed by Charles W.' Slack, .who \ said ¦ the
expense; of filling in the land to sustain
brick_ buildings ¦ would". be greater than
the value of the property. The : commit
tee suggested that one-half of the block
which ; was already ' filled ' In > arid bulk
headed be Included •; in v the • limits, '.but
took the matter under adviserhent. 1^-
Assistant v Chief Dougherty argued in
favor, of . extending ; the : lifnits \ to • Pirie
street, because: if -a fire on'the
hill it might go*4o ; the .water's edge.\'i
•¦ t"The , j- whole people , must ; • be?; taken
into 'consideration : inj this ; matter," said
Dougherty. "Frame" buildings 'are!go
ing'up;with'alarming rapldity,';arid'the
danger is r fearful." Look ; at : the ; Balti-'
more fife, {which > took; place ; in « a fcom
paratively'¦}flrefproof district. '¦ If a '.'fire
had started 'oh the hill during the' Bald
wins Hotel ( fire ~ the*. entire • clty.-mlght
have^been, burned^down. \Old ;,flremeri
have stated that it would be impossible
to 1 place ; a hose ( in 'the j back of ; s the
frame " in the lodging-house
district."/ - - ';S%K)
A number of property owners ap
peared yesterday tbeforej the joint Com
mittee on- Fire * and Finance to voice
their protest against the proposed or
dinance extending the fire s limits. The
Fire Commissioners and' Assistant Fire
Chief Dougherty were "also in attend
ance. . .., . „' ;
• The' committee during the discussion
decided as aj matter, of additional j pre
caution to, 'amend the I building ordin
ance , by providing , that; wooden-frame
buildings shall be limited to a height; of
three stories, arid be not over forty-five
feet , in height,'; instead of fifty; feet* as
at "present. . The : ; amendment also "- re
quires all spires of churches arid towers
of breweries higher than -forty,; feet in
height shall have such parts as are
higher* covered with fire-proof' mate
rials. V
Chief » Sullivan of the Fire Depart
ment favored making the limit along a
line 137% feet northerly from ; .Sutter.
street, to Van Ness avenue. The com
mittee, however, had recommended that
the line be.exterided to a line 137^ feet
north of Pine street, as favored by the
Fire Commission.,
Ralph C. Harrison, representing prop
erty . owners ¦ on" the r north , and „ south
sides of Pine street, . opposed the exten
sicn, ¦ saying there was no greater.dan
gertfrom fire In that ' neighborhood thari
in any other.; portion of the city, and if
the : buildings were destroyed r It '[would
be; necessary to erect at \ great 'expense
brick buildings for ; residences. ; Messrs.
Glaser, Harms, " Thurstonr; ¦ Callleau;
Walnwright, '¦¦ Ferris and Dinan objected
to extending the limit to' Pine street,
but favored making it on. Sutter. street,
as ChleN Sullivan had recommended. . ¦ -.
PROTESTANTS ARE HEAiRD. :
Testimony of Mining Super
intendent Directly at yari
iance With That of Spouse
Supervisors Hear Protests
Against Proposed Exten
sion North to : Pine Street
CHILDS DENIES
WIFE'S CHARGES
FIRE LIMITS
NOT SETTLED
Dr. N; W.Whelan, whose office Is In
the Emma Spreckels; ouilding, .was a
passenger on the Larkln-strcet car and
accompanied the injured persons to the
hospital. He states T posltively' that the
Larkin- street' car * stopped ' and then
started up again, but this statement is
not corroborated by other passengers.
The Larkin-street dummy was 'com
pletely wrecked; being lifted off the track
by the forco of the collision. Van Eman,
the motorman; of the - Ellis-street car,
and . Koch, the ; gripman .' iri 'charge of
t the Larkin-street" .car.'^were "arrested
and charged with battery.'but were re
leased on J'-'O cash bail furriished'by the
company. . -- , ¦ .'-:'7:,\ -:-Z's ['
ed again and he is not to blame." ;;'-.
Frank Johnson, one of the slightly
injured passengers, said: "I was stand
ing on' the front end of the dummy, in
company v.ith Miss Courrier when the
collision happened. When ., the ; car
struck we .were both forced back . Into
oiir Beats and that probably saved our
lives. TheLarkin-street car did not
stop, although'; I • saw the . gripman
making frantic' efforts to check Its
speed.'. 'li tried to jump, but the crash
came before I had a chance."
Robinson, trie other. man who was in
jured, was unable to make a statement,
suffered great pain, as the ankle; of his
rightfoot had been badly mangled." He
was taken to the >Lane - Hospital to be
operated upon/ under direction of Dr.
Albert 8. Adler, 'district" health officer. I
Corporal of Police Charles Birdsall
was a passenger on the Ellis-street car
when the collision -occurred and was
thrown; to the ground. He corroborates
the statements made by the gripman
arid conductor.
TURNERS WILL PICNIC. — The MiMion
Turn Verein wilt hold If annual picnic Sun
day next at Glen Park. -
•WASHINGTON. April 2X.— The S«jatt to
£«y'p«ssM a bill am^ndlnr th« «.ct rrantlnr
a ehtrter to the General F«>derarlon of Womw'i
Oube so as to giv* thf orranization the
prl^lpfre of holflinr biennial meetings outjide
CT Tt'aFhlngton.
Bnrnrtt'n Extr&ct of Vanilla it the
2*4/!«r a!l the world over, tee no other. *
"We had a big? load - of ' passengers
and were, behind time, as .the cars had
been blocked all night. ' As I approach
ed ( Ellis street ; I tried j to •siop.lbut ' the*
brakes j refused _ to -J^'ork, t and : the' s car
slid J away} from ; me. .' I yelled . -to the
passengers to ¦ Jump^and . most of thern
did. ; The ; three were . injured tried
to jump, but . could , not, and I> cannot
understand iWhy'.theyw-ere riot; killed
outright. ,Yes, ' the_' moto-rrnan I ot S the
Ellis street car stopped' and then start-
Two fire alarms were; turned -In and
trucks 3, 4 and 10 hastened to the scene
of the collision, and -began the work of
releasing the. three injured passengers,
but. before these were finally taken from
their places of ' imprisonment "it was
necessary to cut away the platform of
the car."
Motorman J. E. Van Eman, in charge
of the electric car, made tne • following
statement: \
"We were on tune and I came to. a'
full stop the west side of the cross
ing. .The shades were -drawn and "I
could not see well. I , received' the sig
nal to. to,- but as I started some one
yelled to stop, as a lady ; was } trying
to board the car. I stopped again 1 and
again .started. • I heard ; the': bell of the
Larkin street car and " thought • it , was
about to come to; a "standstill. lihad
nearly cleared the ; track -when I saw
the light' of .the Larkin street car shin
ing : but a - few ' feet - away. The grip-;
man ' was i ringing ills bell, ; and . then I
applied .the current and- made a dash
across the - track in a n "endeavor , to . get
out of the .way.*, but it '.was:' too late. J I,
tried : to release "the car, but It : . would'
not move.".
.Conductor C. F. Davis of the Ellis
street car.: corroborates - the ; statement
of; his ¦motorman.v George : Koch, grip-"
man of the : Larkin i street car, ; explains
the ; accident" as) follows: \' >
All the passengers of the Ellis/ street
car managed to escape when the crash
came. Some were thrown to the
ground, but escaped Injury. When
they realized that no one on ¦ their car
was injured the passengers on the elec
tric car turned their attention to those
on the cable car.
'Johnson, Robinson and Miss Cour
rier, the three injured .passengers on
the cable car, were pinned down under
the wreckage and it was fully half an
hour before they were taken from
their perilous positions. AH were bad
ly frightened and made frantic efforts
to release themselves, but were held
fast by the debris.
ATTEMPTS TO PASS TRACKS!
According to the best information,
the, accident was not the result of neg
ligence. The Ellis street car stopped
at the west side of the crossing,
in compliance with the rules of
the company. ' The Larkin street
car was approaching at v a rapid
rate of speed. Motorman Van
Eman of the electric car was signaled
by the conductor to go ahead, but as
he started some one shouted that there
was a woman trying to board the car.
The motorman applied the air brakes,
brought the big vehicle to a standstill
and allowed the woman to get aboard.
He started the car in : motion again
and, glancing to his left, saw the Lar
kin street caj* -bearing down on him
and but a few feet awajv
Van Eman at once applied the cur
rent in an endeavor to pass the cross-;
ing and avoid a collision, but he was
too late, for the approaching car struck
the electric car nearly in the middle.
Van Eman then tried to start* his car
again and get out of the.. way, but it
was closely wedged in and would not
move. .
CARS COME TOGETHER.
The collision occurred at 7^50 o'clock.
The Larkin street dummy crashed
headlong: Into the center of the Ellis
street vehicle. Both cars were,crowd
ed. * The accident was probably due
to defective brakes on the cable car,
for according to statements made - by
the gxipman and eyewitnesses, the for
mer did his best to stop his car, but
the brakes refused . to work.. and the
collision followed. The Injured are:
David Robinson, 1396 Webster street,
compound fracture of the right ankle;
Frank Johnson, 1S13 \ Baker street and
Edna Courrier, 1736 Larkin street, both
shaken up; all passengers on the Lar
kin street car.
Intense excitemenj was caused by the
accident and a few minutes after the
crash the streets were lined with peo
ple. Fully 2000 gathered on the scene.
Patrolmen • were dispatched from all
parts of the city and the large squad
of reserve officers was kept busy for
an hour keeping back the crowds. A
detachment of the Signal corps of thu
National Guard happened along short
ly after the accident and did good
work in keeping order.
The Ellis street car was on Its way
down town and carried fully 100 pas
sengers. The Larkin ' street car was
south bound and was loaded with peo
ple on their way to the drill of the
Knights Templar at the Mechanics 1 .
Pavilion. It is estimated that at least
150 persons were / on the car at tht?
time. Many were thrown to the ground
and others saved themselves by jump
ing before the crash 'came.*
More than a score of persons miracu
lously escaped instant death in. a col
lision last evening between car 1314
of the Ellis and O'Farrpll street elec
tric line and dummy, 28 of the Polk
and Larkin street cable line at Ellis
and Larkin streets. As it was, one
man had his foot crushed and another
man and a woman were severely
shaken up.' /s .'
Intense Excitement Caused
by the /Accident and Big
Crowd of Excited Citizens
Block the Thoroughfares
ONE OF PASSENGERS
IS BADLY INJURED
! Citizens';' Alliance Issues a
Proclamation; and Presses
Claims of the Ballot-Eox
The Citizens' Alliance of San, Francis
co has \ issued »a" proclamation - in. which
it urges citizens to register- and, vote.
Tlie, following:, is the "full text'ofUhe
document: -
Dear Sir— At the last meeting ef the'execu
tive committee the question of registration' of
members was. brought, up and ..thoroughly ; cah
vaFsetl. It is : they opinion of the 'committee
that the time har arrived', in ¦ the;, hlstoryi of
San Francisco when Us" liberty-loving,: law
abiding citizens should have something: to say
as to who. shall govern cur city and administer
our laws. ¦ The, cornerstone , of the Citizens'.
Alliance movement is-'"Law and Order,'-'.- and i
to that end we" all should " work, regardless of ¦
party afflllatlops. :.". ; r, ¦- j
„ AVliile we are not lii 'politics, th«: fact 'etill !
remains that we must ' stand :by men ¦ and j
principles that promise 'our 1 city S relief ,- from 1
the Ijranny.^and. oppression ..of lawless' labor i
leaders who have disgraced '• decent unionism !
and deprived-, it of public sympathy by- ad vo- I
eating .the'unVAmerican idea of boycotts and!
pickets .and condoplng: aesaults and violence |
visited upon' those Tv-ho" desire to exercise- the
God-ifiven right- to earn a living, and which
right If guaranteed every man by the- Federal
Gov^-nrotnt. ; - . . -¦ ¦ ¦ . 4 ,y-;
.' Tht.. time- is here-for every good 'American |
citizen. , regardless of" race, color, . creed, .po
litical or social affiliation, to see that'' his |
name is on the registration books and '.that -his J
vote is cabt and counted "at' the ' proper \ time i
and place. - We, ¦therefore,*. urge upon 'you to
see thafyou are y registered. Let . us ' vote our i
sentiments' at :th'e ballot-box;, and by. so doing
set an • example of good .citizenship.' Strikes
that involve riots and destruction of "property
are expensive luxuries -which- may. be avoided
by seeing to It that men elected to of flee, are
pledged to administer' the law justly and fairly
to all."- -.,,-•-.. - -v ; » . •¦
Kegicter. /register, register. '
T1IK «:ITIZENS' AIX1ANCB OF SAN FRAN
CISCO.
By HERBERT GEORGE.
Chairman Executive Committee.-
Cable Dummy of the Lar
kiu Street Line Crashes
With Terrific Force Into
a Big. Electric A'ehicle
SA^J QUENTIN, April 2L— Thomas
O'Brien, an Inmate of San Quentin
prison, came near committing murder
a few nights ago -when he stabbed his
cellmate.
O'Brien occupied a cell with another
convict whose term was to expire In a
ehort time. They had had several al
tercations, but were given separate
cells. A couple of nights ago O'Brien
attacked his cellmate and stabbed him
eeveral times with scissors. O'Brien,
who was employed in the Jute mill, had
succeeded In secreting the weapon in
side his prison garment. He made a
vicious attack and his combatant re
ceived numerous gashes.
The guards who entered the cell sep
arated the men. O'Brien's credits will
be taken away for a violation of the
prison rules.
£pteUJ Dispatch to The Call
under whose orders the schooners were
seized of piracy. • There is consterna
tion among the Xicaraguan officials
over the affair.
It was necessary for the Retribution
to return to T Port. Royal to coal< but
the cruiser will sail for Blueflelds Tues
day next to demand the release of the
prisoners and the boats, and also com
pensation for their 1 illegal" seizure and
detention.,
It Is rumored that should it be found
necessary the Retribution will bombard
the port of Blueflelds. !
KINGSTON. Jamaica, April 21.— The
British cruiser Retribution, which, un
der instructions from the Imperial Gov
ernment, sailed from Kingston April 11
for a Nicaraguan port in . connection
with the seizure of six Cayman turtle
schooners and the arrest of their crews
by Xicaraguan officials, . returned to
Port Royal from the Nicaraguan coast
to-day after ascertaining that the ves
sels and crews. had been sent to Blue
flelds. . The captain of the Retribution
accused the Nicaraguan commandant
Seizure of Six Cayman Turtle
Schooners Disturbs Com
mander of ,the Eetribution
Criminal in the San Quentin
Penitentiary Battles With
Desperate Partner in Crime
TWO CARS
COLLIDE AT
A CROSSING
TWO CONVICTS
FIGHT IN CELL
URGES VOTERS
TO REGISTER
BRITISH AFTER
NICARAGUANS
! ll'HE ' SAN^^R^NGlSeOVlGALtJSFRipAY; > |;l904.
16
. ADVERTISEMENTS. .
ECZEMA ON
UHLE filRL
Sleepless Nights for RIoiher
and Awful Suffering
•ofjhild.
CURED BY_C8TICURA
Had Given up All Hope of Ever
Making Any Cure.
M My little girl has been rafferhig for
two y«»rior more from; «czema,i and
daring • that -time Lit coaid-. aot • get. »
¦Isht's Bleep, as b«r ailment TT»sT«ry
- 5 «eriere. : ¦'¦ ¦, •-_"¦'- : /- : ' ¦'
"Ikad tried bo mimy remedies and
spent moch money, deriViag no bene-
fit, I had absolutely given ap all hope
of rtaking any cnr«. . Bat a* a last ; re-
sort I was persuaded to try a set of the
Cuticora ; remedies, and to • my great
¦ delight a marked : change was - mani- ,
fested : from the . first application. I ¦
gare (thtV'chlld' a .bAh : with \ Cat! cnr&
Soap, asing a soft piece of miislhi'clot^.
This I'dld twice 1»'diiT; each: tint foi-
. lowing ; with i the ¦ Catl«ira;j Ointment, i
aad : at ; the : same ; time I gare the> Betol-
«. vent, according to directions. box
ofthe Ointment and two bottles of the ;
: ResolrenV-vtogether^wlth '% tiie i Soop, .
effected I %i permanent ' core.* J 1 1 submit
this fpr publication \ if you' deslre/hop- '¦¦
ing it will add to your success and ascist
so many thousands of sufferers in car- ¦
ing; themselTes.^; Mr«.- VB" JONES,
' Ai>r»iNOTON, Iia>.T. r > ? : ¦ ; V i': : ...}/^J:-
. The first step in the treatment ofthe.;
i chronic forms; is '.to remove the scales i
and * crusts' and soften ¦-. the . skin,', by > •
-warm baths; with iCaticrira Soap.' 'The ;
'i seal p, ears, elbows, hands/ ankles ; and $
'feet will reqalre-freqa-ently a thorough;
eoaking in order to penetrate the thick-,/
ened skin and crusts with which these
parts ; are. often/ corered." -Dry. a care- -
: fully, and : apply^ Cuticnra Oiatment,
' lightly, at ¦ first, v and | where i adTiaable i
¦pread - it on - pieces ! of soft - cloth and
bind in place: Take ;the SRetolrent,^
pills, or liquid, in i : medium !_d6ses.'p Do „:
not > vse 'cold iwater- in and '
avoid cold; raw wittds^ .;•:, ; V.;^
Bold lhr»uf hont tlH woHd. CrMnn lUwhrent, ,56a.
(fa fora of OxcMi CMM TOb. Me. p«f rM> •< m\ I
. Ointratat, »e.. Boma. Me DtaMai L«a<— , S7 Ch»rtw ,
k«H 8q.( Puit. » »«• 4» to fate! Bwtaa. !ffColi» .<
km* At*. ¦ rettn Dnw ft Cbeav Corp.. 8«1» ProartMof •._¦ ;
trita&tot^nrwxo bnEcttnt.* f -~^~K.v* ¦'.-: .
*&te± DON'T RUIN
63p* your eyes.
Are ; your, classes soothing, and "re«tful? Do ¦
they, relieve | the I strain. , blurring I and I tJrln g i ot
the eyes? If not* u»e Oeo. Mayerle's Antlseptlo
Eyeglau 'Wipers i I5c ; -2 ; for.' 26c % German ; Eye-
water./ makes weak eyea • strong,- «ore i eye* ¦ welL 1 ;
Kc-stB j tired ) eyea, j By ) mall ' 62cV • GEO.', MAT«'
ERLE.". German * Expert I OpUclao,^ 1OTK MAB«
. KKT STREEX. B. SS. •'--.. \ ,;.; T? ...
A Mother's ChHd
DESERVES HER BEST.
The little ones deserve the best a^mother can afford
them. Whatever that best may be— we have it, and
there'savgoodbigmbney'sworthofwearto every suit
in this great Mill-T.o-Man- store. Tou can afford more
than you think if you buSrhere—the quality counts:
15u X .¦&:.' & Ul 1 &
Mothers appreciate durability in. t^heir children's''
clothing— that's why Brown Bros;' clothing is so popu-
lar.! N ot on 1 y /that— but there's the pattern to consider
--the linings— the buttons— thevtrirnmings^n "general^-
and the "cut" counts a whole.: lot In fact, style,; a va-
riety of style, is tlie spice of life.
We sell splendid, all-wool 3- piece suits, in cheviots
and tweeds; 8 to 16 years, . for $5.00— alsovNorfoIks and
2-piece suits, ages 7 to 16. Of course, we ha ve them as
cheap as $3.00 on.up to $12.6b,but our $5.00 suits are the.
most for the nioney^ to had iri town. Everything
new is here and our, prices count.
MILL TO MAN CLOTHIER
m ADVEBTISEaCEyTS. ' ;^_
>^^i5bf* f ? "j'm m k -jai "\'+ 1 ¦ "if "¦ j 'mll^i'Tr^^WSiitS^^
I SPECIAL VALUES FOR I
FRIDAY and SATURDAY
CHILDREN'S DAYS AT MAGMN'S.
Special Sale of Misses' and
I Small Women's Suits. x
Misses' and Small Women's 1&Qh
Suits, as illustrated ; made of all- 1f*T&
; wool Venetian cloth; long, slop- m.'^j
\ ing e-houlder effect, with full cir-
cular caj>c : wide belt ; neatly
trimmed with fancy silk braid: /j5^
tucked skirt; jacket lined with / C^R jffif v
Skinner's guaranteed satin: col- f &$$&£ ft \
! <>rs navy and red; sizes 14, 16 )<^£r?*y% r A*
$15.00 value, spe- A ¦ :f^^
cial for Friday and ¦ '--W%\
Saturday only..... ' // H1^\
Another style, made of all-wool M: V\Y\
fancy tweed mixtures; $16.50 /1L \\\^
value, special for A iA . n ¦'^(^¦\."- : £\l\jV^
I Friday and Satur- %j)|f|.5O
j SPECIAL SALE OF J2gk
Children's |S
Coats. f&M
- CHIXDRENS COATS, same style / f «
! as illtistratcd; made of all-wool la- l\\Jpi ' * °iS
v dies* cloth; double cape, collar and VJgpT rj
ruffs neatly trimmed with silk sou- kvbcmBPZem
t.ulir braid: capes lined with best agffflsxk "' X&
' qualirv- of satin lining; colorings tan, = Wk.
naw, brown and red; sizes 2 to 7
yeax^. Regular S5.00 value — special UM^
: for Friday and Satur- QA PA UK^
day only . *V«J»^^' I fref'
Children's
uresscs. $&£*}$
in our workrooms and- re- /^-ffiififfi&Al
tail fr<r less inonej' than you cnuld *&£$ ffjlMBwaJQ}
I buy the material and make them. fl&JimlWivL
I They nre made of the best quality of //a«a^«^
: San Reino cloth, in shades of pink /c?fl''»'i«^
and blue: yoke prettily tucked, hem- W»Jft"THLP
stitched and trimmed with tailor
I stitched bands; extra full skirts with / • Pj
5-inch hem; sires 6 months />/v r/ W
! to 2 years (see illustration). L\i lf> ) [
! Unmatchable value at **"** 40.^19*?
TWO REMARKABLE REDUCTIONS IN ;
ChHdrcn's and Misses' Millinery
; Department. >
' • for ; Friday and^Sat- N <^i^fe-c^§^^5*fe?'
urday(Nf m £\
On ! 7 ..V.V.V"'5"
CHILDREN'S and MISSES'/HATS. made of fine quality
of Milan straw; white or black; handsomely trimmed in a
number of, styles. This hat is suitable for fi^O tZ(\
; children and misses from 8 to 16 years of age. ¦ V«B»'^v'
; Regular $6.50 value. "
%. ' _ •_ ' ,.,:._,...;__:¦.,,- .;• ,' .
u _VF. cSi »S ' }$ U Be*
I Ejir A _ \£ Iks ra &£&.
1 KtJNr mEoL Xm DA g h?*?vi 0^ Jw^ 1 1
Priday. Saturday. Saturday Hisrlit.
BEST FLOUR 50-lb sack SI. fj)
Finest Datent roller. JIade from hard spring
'¦-'-• wheat: "
Choice. of bi-ands — Acme. Purity. Usually $1 30.
SUBLIME OIiIVE OIL. .. \U gallon 02c
Imported Irom I.uc<«. Italy. Sweet, delicate
" ' . flavcr. Uroany. $1.15.
Creamery Butter .*« 29c
Choice of best Marin County brands.
DBT TABLE SALT...... 10c sacks T*C
Four.^ounda. No limit thia week— half price.
SUOAB PEAS ..... .5 cans 3Sc
Tender,' sifted peas. Usually lftc ' can.
GOLD dust. . : \.\: .7 packs 25c
; Fairbanks. Nearly half price.
30c COPPEE... .....2 lbs. 45c
Straight Java and Co»ta Rira. berries. Excel-
lent rich brown Coffee. Whole or. ground.
DOLLAR WHISKY quart bottle TSc
Jesse Moore. Wilson's. Monogram AA. :
Old Private Stock. Old Government, etc. . ';.
S02T0MA WZSTES gallon 75c
7-year-old ' Port, Kherry. Riesling. ZlnfandeL
Worth double to you; .try sample.
XXX CLARET gallon 4Oc
Fruity Wine; well aged: usually 65c. .
SATURDAY NIGHT HALP-PBICE 8AZ.B -*
All 10c SHOE DRESSING «J ( .
20c English wAXznrrs — lb. i r,<*
15c pkfT. FORCE 1Oc
10c JELL-O. .:.'.. . . .• S packages 27»e
3 bottles WORCESTERSHIRE.. S.'c
10c BLACK PIGS. lb. .""»••
S3.50 gallon WHISKY S2;i!o
1001 • FILLMORC ST.\ 119 TAYLOR ST.
Your
9ppoMunity
. China
Crockery
Glassware
Enamel Ware
High Grade
Ornaments
50 £OFF
It pays
io 'trade
3reai American Importing Tea Go
861 Market .'lu Grant ava. 1419 Polk
140 Sixth 1810 Devisadero 705 Larkin
475 Haleht 3006 Sixteenth S55 Hayes
32S5 Mission 521 Montg' ave. 62 Mark't
2008 FJUmoro * 251ft Mission * 146 Ninth
3fifi TMrrt ?T^2 -'4th 463 Fourth
jgte^ LANDSEER'S
¦.-¦-' "jj^™™ -'¦"-• . . --.1 '
.The preatest, reproduction • of .
the greatest painting of^a lion;.
¦ . ever " produced ; ':'¦ size '43 inches
-by 28 inches. . - - •]
; Free 'to customers. To others ( V
- iqc* By mail 15c '
CHAST LYONS, London Tailor,: |
72IMarket. v 122 Kearny; |
|"Vanyroom"I
I DjEmTd. PARLORS |
H SIXTH^and MARKET- 0