SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 6, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ELECTIONS IN MANY
CITIES OF THE EAST
MeGarry"* Conviction Affirmed. '
LANSING, Mich.. April 5. — The Su
preme Court to-day affirmed the con
viction in the Circuit Court of Thomas
F. McGarry. a prominent Grand
Rapids attorney^ on a charge of
bribery in conettion with the water
fleal. ;
HAVANA, April 5.— Warrants v were
issued to-day for the "arrest of former
Congressman Loinas Castillo, Pedro
Sotolonango, editor of El Liberal, and
D. Martin , Valdez, . police inspector,
charged with , Inciting the public to
riot • in yesterday's ']- disorder In the
House of Representatives. .:
Rioters to Be Arrested.
ST. LOUIS. April 5.— The bill of ex
ceptions in the case of -United States
Senator- Burton of Kansits iwas -not
filed In the United * States District
Court to-day by the defense. Counsel
for the defense carefully went over the
bill to-day and inspected it and.it is
probable that it will formally be in
court to-morrow. If a new trial is not
granted . Senator Burton upon the :fil
ing of the bil.1 of exceptions -he will
fee sentenced. -
Burton Delays Action.
OMAHA.,, Nebr., April 5. — A mort
gage deed of $163,000,000 was to-day
filed in the office, of -the Register of
Deeds of Douglas County. The instru
ment Is, executed by the Chicago,. Rock
Island and Pacific Railway Company
to the Central Trust Company of New
York and covers all the lines and
branches of that company, including
nearly 4000 miles of track In six dif
ferent States. The mortgage j is known
as the "first and refunding gold bonds
mortgage" and runs for a period of
thirty years from. April 1, 1904.
Instrument Involving $163,000,000 and
Running Thirty Years' Is Filed
In Nebraska. Sj
ROCK ISLAND EXECUTES
H EA V Y .MORTGAGE DEED
WASHINGTON. April 5.— The Senate
Committee > 'on Finance'to-day* author
ized Senator "Aldrich to report an
amendmenOto,the bill for the govern
ment of the" Panama canal zone, , giving
to the canal construction • bonds all • the
rights^ and 'privileges of the outstand
ing 2 per cent: Government bonds. \
The effect Js to allow:. national. banks
to use the bonds as*a' basis of circula
tion.' '. ¦¦ . ,. ' ¦ : ',.'- . '..:"- ' "; V; .':
Bill Introduced Provides That Se
curities May Be Used as Basis
'of Circulation.
WILL FIX STANDING
OF .PANAMA BONDS
WASHINGTON. April 5.— A delega
tion of representative Porto RIcans, in
cluding P.; Willoughby, treasurer of
the islajid; R. H. Post, auditor,' and
ManueM Domemick. a memberrof ;the
Insular House of Representatives,
have arrived in Washington | for the
purpose of placing a loan of $3,000,000.
It is not' expected- the money, can be
obtained here, but the members of the
delegation desire .to acquaint them
selves with .the best: method of-proce
dure, and especially desire to
some sort of recognition of their loan
by the National Governirient % which
would give their; bonds a good % stand-'
ing in the; market-V They have ; seen
Secretary; Taft . and Secretary Shaw,
and expect to \v|th Colonel Ed
wards, chief of ; the . Insular Bureau. ',
Representatives Confer With Cabinet
Officials and Ask Federal 'i'f.'A
Aid. *
PORTO RICANS WANT TO
NEGOTIATE A LOAN
GUTHRIE. Okla.. April 5— The Citi
zens' Bank at McLeod, Okla., with a
capital of $10,000, closed its doors to
day as a result of the failure of the
Capitol National. M. R. Sturtevant.
National Bank Examiner, reached
here to-day and took charge of the
Capitol National. He instructed the
officers of the bank not to talk of its
affairs and declines to make a state
ment until a thorough examination of
the institution's books has been made.
Other local banks are considering a
plan to assume the defunct bank's ob
ligations.
William Buchtel is president of the
hank. It has a capital stork of $200.
000 and deposit* amounting to about
5850.000. An official statement of the
bank's condition, published yesterday,
showed its resources to be $1,151,000,
with liabilities the jfame.
AKRON, Ohio, April .'. — The Akron
Savings Bank closed its doors to-day.
The Common Pleas Court appointed
G. W. Seiber and William BuchtH re
ceivers of the institution. The action
¦was precipitated as a result of the
Akron Clearing-house Association
compelling the bank to make all its
clearings in cash.
Institutions at Akron, Ohio, and Me-
Leod, Ok Li., in the Hands
of Receivers.
TWO BANKS ARE FORCED
TO CLOSE THEIR DOORS
The^defendant is accused of shoot
ing Van Zandwick. who was a porter
in Freeman's saloon in Harvey. •
Repeated protests were made by the
defendant's counsel, but the court per
mitted the Assistant State's Attorney
to proceed. When as a climax. Bar
bour carried the minds of the jurors
to Oakwood Cemetery the "witness"
was again returned to his grave and
the jury /was asked to sentence Free
man to death. £"£.?•£» '
Freeman turned pale and, gazed
helplessly at his lawyers. The widow
and two children af Van Zandwick
broke into^ears as the attorney put
question after question to the vacant
chair. Not a sound could be heard
in the courtroom as Barbour pictured
the witness sitting there, bleeding and
wounded. In a graphic -manner the
attorney demonstrated to the jury just
how he believed Van Zandwick would
act and what evidence he would give
were he really on the witness stand.
Pointing in a dramatic manner to the
empty witness chair the Assistant
State's Attorney told the jury t\iat he
had summoned -Van Zandwick from
his grave to confront the man on trial
for murder. With awe-stricken faces
the jurors leaned forward and gazed
at the chair, apparently as interested
as if the dead had come to life, and
sat before them as a witness.
CHICAGO. April 6.— A dramatic
scene was enacted in Judge Chytraus'
court to-day when Assistant State's
Attorney Barbour feigned to summon
from the grave Cornelius Van Zand
wick, for whose murder George Free
man has been on trial a week in that
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Dead Man Imaginary
Witness in a Chi
cago Court.
>"I.had a house picked out down
near the docks on the river, where we
would have kept Rockefeller until
some of his folks handed out that
$10,000,000, which would have been
pretty quick." . ¦, -
CHICAGO, April 5. — That an auda
cious scheme to kidnap John. D.
Rockefeller Jr. and hold him for a
ransom of $10,000,000 was part of the
plans of. the "automatic trio" was ad
mitted : by Peter Neidemeier in the
County /ail.' According to the bandit's
confession he and Vandine intended to
attend the billionaire's Sunday-school
class and carry the teacher away to
Philadelphia.
"The idea occurred to me. when I
was in New York," said Niedemeier.
"I stood outside the church and
thought how easy it would be to do a
piece of business with Rockefeller that
would bring us millions of dollars in
stead of the paitry hundreds that we
were making by saloon 'stick-ups.'
Of course, it would have taken time,
but then a man can afford to wait a
while for 110,000,000, and we would
have to get money, too.
"We were goingto New York with
good 'fronts' and going to join Rocke
feller's Sunday-school class. I ain't
much on religion' and never was, but
I would, have ; made a good scholar
with all that money in sight When
we. got a good chance we were going
to -grab the teacher and put him in a
cab. , . . .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BANDIT WITH SHOTGUN".
Holds Up and Robs O. R. Ludwig on
Outskirts of Point Richmond.
POINT RICHMOND. April 5— A man
with a shotgun held up O. R. Ludwig
on the outskirts of Point Richmond
this evening and after taking every
thing he had, made his escape, shot
gun and all. The thief only got a few
dollars and a watch.
Ludwig drove into Point Richmond
and gave the alarm and a posse was
formed. It scoured the country with
out finding the trajl of the man. He
was smooth shaven, round faced,
about 30 years of age, and wore a
dark suit of clothes.
Action Is Begun to Recover. Part of
GOVERNMENT STARTS
' SUIT AGAINST NEELY
Amount Involved in Alleged
Defalcation.
NEW YORK, April 5.— The suit of
the United States against Charles F.
Neely, former director of finance for
the postoffices erf Cuba, was commenced
to-day before Judge Lacombe and a
jury in the United States Circuit Court.
The suit Is brought by the Government
nominally to bave a court determine
exactly the amount of the alleged Necly
defalcation in Cuba, but in reality the
United States seeks to hold the $20,000
in cash which it has attached, and
which was deposited as bail by "Neely,
and about 515,000 of other property be
longing to him which is also under Fed
eral attachment. According to Special
Attorney Jones, the amount of the al
leged defalcation will amount to
$130,000.
to exclude all doubt as. to •_ their mean
ing and all appearance of compromise."
CHICAGO, • -April &.— In_ the municipal
election to-day the,Repu.blicaris elected
eighteen Aldermen; the^DeriibcratB six
teen,, and one independent; Republican,
who. repudiated -the "machine" in the
.Sixth .Ward, .was-chosen a;member-of
•the '.CounciI:".*Tl »e last I> Council • was
composed of thirty-six Republicans,
thirty-two Democrats, one independent
Democrat and one' Socialist. f The iieict
Council will be formed/ of » thirty-Bix
Republicans, thirty-one
two independents (one of, whom' is, a
Democrat and the other a Republican)
and one Socialist. / •. . -»:
The chief interest in : the " election,
however,, centered in the vote on pro
posed municipal ownership of the street
railways. In this connection, what is
known as the Mueller .law, passed by
,the. last State Legislature, was submit
ted to the people. The law authorizes*
cities in Illinois. to construct, own, ope
rate and lease street railways and j to
provide the means therefbr. On this
proposition j the vote . stood . 152,434 for
the proposition and 30,014 against;, on
the proposition that, the city should, at
.once take over the street railways into
its control the vote, stood .'120,744 for,
50,393 against. ., . , ...
For the temporary licensing of street
railways until such time as the city, is
prepared to , take them . over, the vote
was 120,181 for and 48,056 "against. \ On
the question of or not the
members of the Board, of. Education
should be elected .by^ direct vote^ of , the
people instead of.by. executive[appoint
ment and a confirmation by the^City
Council, as in the present the
vote was 115,553 for and 58,432 against.
. r~t — • — ~ »*-¦» i •¦ " '
ROSE WINS IN MILWAUKEE.'
Democratic May'oi; . Re-Electcd , by / a
Large, Plurality. .;-,.-. .';.-.
MILWAUKEE,' . . April' .5.— -"Mayor
David S. Roser Democrat,/ carried .the
city In. the municipal having
a plurality-ff 5912 over G.'D.>GpftV Re
publican. V. L. :Berger. Social jDemo-:
crat, ran more .'than -2000. votes
Goflf. The vote> for- Mayor .-.is <asjf,ol-^
lows: Rose, 23,515; Goff, . 17,603 ;^Berger, r
15,333. - ¦ •'• ¦*. •';¦ r. ; -v; •¦ ' : . ,-'-r •¦:.-¦;¦:'¦ y.\
The Democrats also control -the.Com
mon. Council,' elected 'twenty-six :mem
bers;.* the j Republicans^ eleven." a,nd the'
Social Democrats k nine. ; ; '; : . ,, •; . -
| Five hundred ,;thousand^dollars ; was
voted | for a munici pal • lighting plant. ¦, ]
Returns from municipal electioris^ln
the State. of Wisconsin outside;of;Mil
waukee from which . returns *• had ; been'
received up to. midnight , ; showed R fc .
publican and Deriiocratic: victories', to
be about evenly- dlvided-.iri lthe> con-;
tests. • There were .few local f nghts.of
general ¦ interest. , For,- Supreme;, Court'
Justice Louis .. K.\ Luz ; of r Superior 'arid
James C/Kerwin' of ." Ne^hah"f "are/ run
i/irig, as nori-partlsah fc^ndldates. , ,Th'e
former' is the candidate." of fthe so-called
stalwart;.' faction ;> of the Republican
party and the. latter. is, the administra
tion I candidate." Iricomplete' returns in
dicate • 7000 . majority, for, Luz. ".' " *..
KANSAS , CITY'S .LANDSLIDE.
One Police Judge; the Only Democrat
to Be Klected.
KANSAS CITY.; April , 5.— Unofficial
returns from ] one-third of the city.as
sure the election of tthe^whole Repub-
Iicanclty. ticket," headed ; by Jay' H. : Neff
for; Mayor, ¦ by pluralities, ranging f rora
1000 to>8000, : that t Pol ice Judge
Brandy^ Democratic , arid : Labor caridi r
date; : is /probably ; re-elected ¦ by : a' small
plurality. %The , new Council /will^ have
a Republican , majority. jXThe^city j gov
ernment^ has beenfih'; thejharida i of : the
Dernocrats - for four. v years," arid^two
Hearst Victory in Ohio.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, April 5.— The
Democratic State Central Committee
met i here to-day and decided to hold
the State convention at Columbus on
May 24 and .25. R.' L. Starr, a sup
porter of \V., R. Hearst for President,
was chosen temporary chairman.
Friends of Hoarst were jubilant over
the result. .-.
Hepburn Is lienominatcd.
CRESTON, Iowa, April 5. — The Re
publican" Congressional Convention of
the'. Eighth Iowa District to-day re
nominated ; Congressman William P.
Hepburn. The resolutions are of, the
"stand pat" variety, as opposed to the
"Iowa idea."
— — — * — — ~ •
Folk Xot After High Honors.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., April 5.—Jo
seph W. Folk stated to-night that he
would not ( accept the ..Democratic
nomination President of the
United States if It were offeredto todm.
Continued i on > Page ;5,*; : Column .4.
Special Dispatch to The; Call.
CALL, BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, April -5.— Among the
interesting rumors passed around
among. administration ; Senators in the
marble room to-day, was one that Gen
eral Horace Porter, , Emuassador to
France, would be urged for Repub
lican candidate ft-r Governor of New
York.-. It was said that if Mr. Root,
.the former, Secretary of War, could not
belinduced. to. stand for the Governor
ship, General Porter. might be brought
forward as an alternative proposition.
-•It is now regarded as practically cer
tain-that Mr.. Root will be either per
manent or temporary chairman of the
Republican National Convention at
Chicago^ and he is known toHiave said
that after^ that he wished to retire from
politics and devote his at
tention "to the practice, of law. Friends
of : the President here are very much
'gratified to find such strong sentiment
among New York Republicans in favor
of .Mr. Root for the Governship, but
they fear that.howeyer.great the pres
sure, he/may feel ''compelled, to decline
to run* In' this event the first alterna
tive heard of in Washington is General
Porter, and it is believed that the sug
gestion meets the approval of the sup
porters'of'the'administratton. ?
-.Should. General Porter become a can
didate-he .would, of course, resign his
ppsit!ori*'as"Embassador to France.
;" "-- ¦¦¦ —+ -
CLEVELAND' IS FOR PARKER.
Regards, the Jurist as a Safe and Con
; «?! scrvative Democrat; . .
¦_; NEW: YORK, April 5.— In a dispatch
to ; the "World from. Princeton, N. \ J.,
former Cleveland is quoted aa
finding in the movement looking to the
nomination- of Judge -Alton B. Parker
for the Presidency -the "greatest pos
sible relief, and . satisfaction." Mr.
Cleveland, is. further, reported to have
said: ¦/. ' . ... - .. ... . *:,¦ _ . / . ¦
- "I do; not see how.- any one professing
to be a real, intelligent Democrat can
hesitate', to accept Mr. Parker, if . he
should -.be -nominated,'- as a fit repre
sentative*; of . safe arid conservative
Democratic , principles,"', entitled to
hearty" and unreserved Democratic buj>t
'pbrt.".\V/,^-<" . ,7 .'
According'to the World's correspond
ent- Mr. > Cleveland "said : regarding the
platform"; of 'his nartyV this year:
: •¦, "There are. certain* Democratic doc
trines' believed; In" by ; the ¦ "conservative
elemenfof-the party which. wirf'control
at St:. Louis. ¦''*¦ These doctrines 'should,
in "no, event;; be eVaded.'VStich pf these
aV appear" to : furnish * at ' this time the
most .valuable .campaign issues should
be .: given V. the T most " prominence and
should be announced in such jaWay as
Porter Is Mentioned
for Governor of
New York.
ATTORNEY
STARTLES
THE JURY
MILWAUKEE'S' MAYOR. RE-ELECT- 1
• ED, AND POSSIBLE NOMINEE
.. FOR GOVERNOR OF NEW YORK. j
Confession of a Plot
to Steal Son of
Oil King.
AUDACIOUS
SCHEME OF
KIDNAPERS
RIVAL PAJtTY LEADERS OX fTHE
• FLOOR. OF THE NATIONAL HOUSE
OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Chicago Voters Fa?
vor 'Municipal \
Ownership.
Officers are scouring the city in hopes
of capturing Professor Sherwood's as
sailants.
Near the corner of Fulton street and
Durant avenue two men approached
him, walking some feet apart. He
passed between them, and as he did so
one of them struck him from behind
with a sandbag, and the other, drawing
a revolver, told him not to yell.
Professor Sherwood, half stunned,
staggered away from the men. : At that
moment Assemblyman W. H. Waste
and his .wife and D. W. Albee came
along.'
At sight of them the thugs ran, dis
appearing in the darkness. Sherwood
fell to the walkl Before he lost con
sciousness he gave brief details of the
attack.
The injured man was carried to Mr.
Albeejs home and Dr. Stella Lehr was
called. She found a cut in the scalp
and took six stitches in it-
Professor Sherwood, was returning
from the Postofflce, to which he had
gone to mail some letters.
• Professor William Sherwood of the
chemistry department of the Univer
sity of California was the victim of a
mysterious and brutal assault at mid
night last night. He is now lying at
the home of D. W. Albee in an uncon
scious condition and it is feared his
skull is fractured.
The professor's assailants made no
demand for his valuables before at
tacking him and were frightened away
by the approach of other people Im
mediately after the assault. While
their motive was probably robbery, it
was not shown by any words they ut
tered nor by any act after the attack.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street. April 6.
Anticipating they know not just
what, the local Santa Fe officials this
evening enlisted the services of Charles
Elton, who yesterday resigned the office
of Chief of Police. He admitted that
he had been engaged, but would not
discuss the matter further than to say
that he was fully prepared for any
emergency. He has twenty picked men
at his command and has instructed
them to report to him to-morrow morn
ing. He says they are to be used only
in an emergency.
At San Bernardino to-night a request
was made upon the authorities for the
appointment of. 100 additional deputies.
The shops of the company are there,
and that point will be the center of ope
rations In the event of trouble.
General Manager Wells of the Santa
Fe lines in Southern California denied
to-night that any trouble was expect
ed. He stated that the company's po
sition with reference to the demands
of the men is known and there would
be no deviation from it. He intimated
that preparations have been made to
meet any possible contingency. '
If the strike is declared it will affect
mainly the machinists and with them
the roundhouse employes and helpers,
but the employes of the operating de
partment w III not take part in the
trouble.
"I'll tell you' this,"/ said a machinist
at the Santa Fe roundhouse to-night,
"if, there is a strike there will be no
violence. ,. If we strike we will go s
far as anybody, to protect the com
pany's property. It all depends upon
what our officers in the Kast decide.
We have submitted our case and the
decision will- soon be known."
The report, that the men .would be
ordered to walk out at the hour men
tioned was received from Chicago and
by the men themselves. It was trans
mitted secretly, and it-is their admitted
expectation that matters iwill reach a
climax to-morrow. They, decline to
state what their plans are, but there
is araongthose of them who are mem
bers, of the .Machinists*, Union a stolid
reserve r and., they will x&ot deny, that
they,' will strike. ; If thej^gct, thc^w^rd
from the East they will quietly, walk
out.
LOS ANGELES, April 5.— If the ex
pected happens the strike which has
been threatened on the entire Santa Fe
Railroad system will bggin to-morrow
morning at S o'clock. 'There have been
so many alarms of this character since
the trouble between the machinists and
railroad officials began that some of the
latter are disposed to doubt the' reports
which have been received by the : men
to-night and to assert that there 'will
be no, strike. Others. equally conserv
ative are taking the .other view of it
and through their efforts the railroad
company to-night made preparations
to meet almost any emergency.
Special Dispatch to, The. Call,
Former Police Chief Engaged and
¦ Hundred Deputies" Are -Wanted at
San Bernardino Shops. .
Two Thugs Stop. Him While He b
Returning From the Postoffice
at Midnight.
Railroad Company prepares
for Emergencies in
the South,' '
William Sherwood, Chemis
try Instructor, Sand
bagged.
The military academy appropriation
bill was then passed without amend
ment.
Branching off on the tariff, he
called ux>on De Armond to state what
ought to be changed in the tariff.
"There would be no ten of you,"
he said, "that will name the same
item: no five of you that will come
within 50 per cent of it, and none of
you will agree on all of the items of
the tariff," at which there was much
laughter.
lie scored the Democratic party on
the tariff question, as being composed
of a "disorganized, broken up, dis
membered, helter skelter crowd."
Democratic applause followed an
inquiry from De Armond as to
¦whether the gentleman would en
deavor to "provide one if the statute
of limitations is found to be insuf
ficient."
Grosvenor, facing the Democratic
Bide, said:
"Tour entire clamor and your libel
ous attacks have been based upon
nothing but a deliberate purpose to
tarnish the administration of your
Government in the interest of party
politics."
"And." he said, referring to the St.
Ivouis boodle case, "so far as we
know there is no ready-made, •willing
Supreme Court to set at liberty every
body who should h* convicted."
Giosvenor said this had been shown
by the convictions in ¦Washington,
Baltimore, New York and elsewhere.
He sarcastically remarked that
¦when a member of the House knew
enough to hurl in the face of the
rhajorlty of the House the charge
that they were covering up and pro
tecting crime, "he ought to know
enough to make some statement that
somebody, somewhere, had commit
ted some crime." He declared, amid
laughter, that since the reference to
the postoffice report in the House the
Democrats had gone through a series
of "agonirings.*"
"Why are you opposed to investi
(Tdtjon?" inquired De Armond.
"For the manifest reason," said
Grosvenor. "that the department has
been thoroughly investigated. All
¦wrong has been laid bare."
What crime.** Grosvenor asked,
"has been committed in any one of
The branches of the administration of
the Federal Government and by
vliom ?"
Grosvenor closed general debate on
the military academy appropriation
bill, devoting: himself to a defense of
the Republican party. De Armond.
he Eaid. had indicted the leaders of
the House for an attempt to cover up
crime.
Referring: to the President, he
spoke of the situation at the White
House as "executive chaos." and in
quired -what the President had done
to commend himself to the people.
WASHINGTON. April 5. — The pro
ceedings In the House to-day -were
enlivened fcy speeches by De Armond
and Grosvenor. the former attacking:
the Republicans for failure to order
an Investigation Into the postofflce
charges tad to revise the tariff, and
the latter vigorously defending: the
Republican party and lauding Presi
dent Roosevelt for the part he played
In the postal investigation, the pass
*jre of the Cuban reciprocity law and
the treaty -with Pans^na for the con
struction of an isthmian canal.
Speaking to the Republican mem
bers of the House, De Armond said:
"Individually, you are men of cour
age, dash and daring, but as an or
ganisation here you are afraid of your
ehadow."
Secret Orders Sent
to Los Angeles
. Machinists. >
Ohioan Exchanges
Repartee With
De Jtrmond.
Lies Unconscious as
Result of the
Attack.
Wit of Grosvenor
Enlivens House
Debate.
COLLEGE
PROFESSOR
ASSAULTED
SANTA FE
STRIKE MAY
NOW BEGIN
REFERS TO DEMOCRATIC PARTY
AS A "HELTER=SKELTER CROWD"
r~-j er ; TBS TBBATXOtS.
-Alcazar— "On the Quiet."
California — "Mc7aadea's Plats."
C«ntral — "Around the Wcria In
Eig-hty Days." •
Clmtes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Mam'selle ZTapo
leoa."
Fischer's— "Xirairt."
Grand — "Divorcona." - **¦ ¦¦'¦
Mechanics 1 Pavilion — Circus. "
Orphetun — Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Day.
TiToli— "Mr. Pickwick."
The San Francisco Call
VOLUME XCV— NO. 128.
roreoast mad* «t 8aa rna>
clsco for tfclrcy fcoors «&<Uaf
jnianlcht, April e:
San Tranclsco and rlclaity—
rair W*dawi&«3r| ftMh wvcterly
wtsos. a. o. acoAPm,
District Varvaasttx.Continued on Page 5, Column 3.
. BAKERSFIELD, ".'"April -5— In' Judge Ma
hon'B department of ' the i Superior Court, the
case, of Alfred -W.Miulse. 1 -' charged wlttr the
murder of ' Deputy Sheriff William ¦ E. -Tlbbett,
•waa, set 'for. retrial; May; 24. ; /. ./,¦;•;•;-, .
Trunks, valises and all leather goods
lettered in gold free of charge. Re
ceived in carload lots and 6old at car
load prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
ilarket st. . . •
> WALPOLE, | ¦ Mass.,\i April 5.— -Fire
to-day destroyed- the paper mill of the
Hollingswbrth; & , Vose Company • in
.East "Walpole. '•; Loss $100, 000.'" "^;gC'~^~.'\
Paper Mil 1 Is j Burned.
WASHINGTON'. April 5.— Jt was
learned to-day that the officials of the
K'avy Department expected that the
tunboat Helena would have left Xew
ihwanff before this; in fact, Saturday
Low Wator Detains the Helena.
HAMBURG, April 6.—TheBoersen
halle. now confirms .the -. sale V of 'the
Hamburg-American, steamship - Fuerst
Bismarck to a Russian 'firm. -
Russian Firm Buys * Liner.
LONDON, April 6. — A correspondent
of the Times, cabling, yesterday after
noon, says he has been cruising for
fifty hours, in the vicinity : of Port rAr
thur and^has seen no signs of the navy
of either belligerent, not even ¦ scout
boats, but that he has seen large flo
tillas of Junks steering northwest, pre
sumably going to Liaotheshin to ¦ land
provisions for Port Arthur. [
Tjamlins Supplies for Port Arthur."
TOKIO, April 5, noon. — Reports
have been received here from Ping
yang to the effect that wh<;n the Jap
anese scouts entered Wlju on Sunday
last they found the town deserted by
the Russians. The Korean residents
of the town informed the scouts that
t}ie Russian forces on the upper
reaches of the- Yalu River consisted
of small detached parties.
Japanese Find Wiju Deserted.
• PORT. ARTHUR, April 5.— There
are no signs of the Japanese and there
is no notable. change in the situation.
Grand Duke Boris \ has left Port Ar
thur, to. join, the : field force. /'
Port Arthur Enjoys a Respited
PARIS, April ) 6.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of ' the^Echo . de Paris
says that the: Russian, general staff is
convinced that the Russians will await
a Japanese attack on the right bank of
the Yalu.V They, are now busily^fortify
ing the mouth 'of the river. A remark
able bridge has been constructed on the
prolongation of the Wiju line, connect
ing it 'with the Pinhujan. The corre
spondent says the Russians are seeking
to. draw the Japanese on. by sending
small groups across' the river. ,
Russians Fortify, Yalu's Mouth.
last was Bet fdY the day of departure.
Press reports, however, indicate that
the water in the harbor is very low
at this lime and the gunboat may be
obliged to await a spring tide before
&oing to Shanghai.
The military situation is quiet
There is no evidence of the* presence of
• the enemy in. this region. The prices
of necessaries of life .are very high on
account of the lack of- provisions.
Kerosene is selling at $2 for a tin of
twenty pounds.
VLADIVOSTOK, April 5. — Many of
the inhabitants who left Vladivostok
at the outbreak of the war are re
• turning. The Usuri Railway has re-
Eumed forwarding freight to private
consignees.
So Indication of the Presence of Jan
ancso in the Vicinity.
QUIET AT VLADIVOSTOK.
CHICAGO, April 5.— A musical re
cital for the benefit of the Russian
Red Cross Society, given at the resi
dence of Mrs. Potter. Palmer on the
Lake Shore drive, has netted $4500.
Fund for Russian Red Cross.
. The official in question, who on sev
eral occasions was attached to Gen
eral Kuropatkin's staff during maneu
vers,, asserts ' that the Russian com
mander in chief never plans a battle
or a movement except when under the
influence of the drug. At the same
time the officer confesses. that, so far
as he ever observed, the use . of mor
phine never caused the general to
blunder. He says, however j that Gen
eral Kuropatkin's military intimates,
who know his weakness for morphine,
contemplate with the gravest anxiety
the., moment when it may plunge him
into "disaster, v
BERLIN, April 5.— "Should the
Russian army-be outgeneraled or guil
ty of strategic stupidity.it will be due
to the fact that General Kuropatkin
is a confirmed morphine eater," said a
European military attache, who was
formerly stationed in St. Petersburg,
to-day.
Charge Made by a .-Military Attache
Against Kuropatkin.
IS A MORPHINE EATER.
There were "experiments at the St.
Nicholas* ."and Warsaw depots to-day,
embarking troops on and landing
them' from trains to determine the
rapidity with which mobilization can
be carried on. Two battalions of in
fantry, two horse guard batteries of
artillery and a squadron of caValry
were allowed' twenty- two minutes" 'to
board a train of forty-eight cars and'
seventeen minutes to leave it. The
tasks, were acomplished in the-speci
fied time.;.
.The landstrum. or second-class re
serves of this province, will be given
six weeks' training at'the Krasnoye
Selo camp, beginning April 20.
- The Emperor has ordered the pay
ment of gratuity amounting to
eighteen months' pay to the officers
and. men of the Variag and Koreitz.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 5. — Rus
sia has completed arrangements,
through the French Minister at
Tokio, to appeal the cases of the Rus
sian merchantmen now before the
Japanese prize court: Three Japanese
lawyers have been engaged to present
the crises. ; Appeals will be made on
various grounds. -> j ".'*
Most of the ships were taken before
the actual declaration." of war. Sev
eral of them were captured on the
high seas, having, left the port before
the outbreak of . hostilities. Still
others were detained in Japanese
ports, . notwithstanding • Japan's
declaration allowing Russian ships
in port a certain' exemption period.
Tokio Prize Court.
Will Not Abide by tlie Decision of the
RUSSIA TO TAKE APPEAL,.
CHICAGO. April 5.— A special cable
dispatch, dated Tientsin, received to
day ' by the Daily 'News from. Richard
H. Little, staff correspondent .'of the
Ifews, says;.v . .:,..,':¦. v'
."While the Daily News' dispatch
boat Fawan has been permitted by the
Russians to der>art from the harbor of
Newchwang, the Muscovites thus far
failed to release from prison our two
Japanese servants. The lives of these
inoffensive persons may even be in
danger.
"Th<s Fawan left Chefu last week and
at that time it was not known there
that the Russians had proclaimed
martial law at Newchwang, which was
supposed to be a neutral port that was
free to air comers. Mr, Washburn and
myself were greatly astonished, there
fore, when, on arriving at the bar of
Newchwang harbor, the Fawan was
seized by the Russian officials, who
came out to us in a steam launch.
The muster of our crew revealed the
presence of two Japanese, "which
caused great excitement among our
captors.' .
"Our offer to retire Immediately was
declined and soldiers with fixed . bayo
nets soon boarded the vessel, seized the
servants and dragged them from the
ship, defying the protection of the
British flag, under which it sailed, be
ing of British ownership. The arrest
was made at the mouth of the harbor,
which is not recognized by Great Brit
ain and the United States as belonging
to Russia.
' "On the Fawan's arrival at an an
chorage, marines ; were placed on board
and the captain was informed that the
forts would fire upon the vessel and
destroy it if any atempt should be
made to leave the harbor. During the
examination of the Japanese servants
the- British Consul remained apathetic,
though he said the servants probably
would be executed. On being. pressed
to render assistance, he declined to do
anything, even when put in possession
of all the facts. I
"The excitement among the Russians
continued, as they insisted that we
were in sympathy, with Japan and had
brought to the harbor Japanese officers
disguised as servants, previous to an
attack' by Admiral Togo's fleet. ,
"Mr. Washburn and myself were
placed under arrest and only, the vigor
ous* protests of United States Con r
Sul Miller, who was very, aotlve in our
behalf and very kind,, prevented us
from being sent to some prison In the
Interior. - When Consul Miller secured
our ; release on Sunday we expected
that '• our servants would be released
also, but the Russians have not yet
yielded to the protests made against
the Imprisonment of the two harmless
Japanese."
War .Writer Tells of His Arrest at
¦ . . Newchwang.
WOES OF CORRESPONDENTS.
BELGRADE, April 5. — The committee
which had been enrolling volunteers
in Servia for service in Russian arm
ies in the war in the Far East have
been dismayed at the receipt of a tele
gram from the Emperor of Russia
thanking the members of the commit
tee and the volunteers for their sym
pathy, but declaring that the services
of the Servians would not be required.
. The Emperor's telegram came as a
complete surprise. One thousand ap
plications from volunteers already had
been received and the medical exam
ination of the candidates had been set
for next week. The news created
something of a sensation at the festi
val for the benefit of the Russian Red
Cross Society, at which King Peter
and many persons distinguished in so
cial life were present, but it did not
interfere with the financial , result of
the festival, tp_ which the King con
tributed $1000. p
The Russian Emperor previously had
said that .he would accept the volun
tary services of 500 Servians and 500
Bulgarians.
Will Xot Accept Services of Servians
During the War.
CZAR REJECTS VOLUNTEERS.
There are persistent rumors here
of the landing of, Japanese troops on
the Llaotung Peninsula and in the
vicinity of Newchwang.
SEOUL, Korea, April 1, via Shang
hai, April 5.— The first army, con
sisting of 45,000 men, including the
Imperial Guard *and the Second and
Twelfth divisions, which had been
concentrated at Anju, is moving on
Wiju by three routes.' It was the ad
vance guard, composed of 450 infan
try and cavalry, which repulsed 600
Russians and occupied Chongju, sixty
five miles southeast of Wiju, on March
28. Lieutenant Kato and four Japan
ese were k'lled on that occasion and
Captain Kurowaka and eleven men
seriously wounded. The Russians had
ten men killed.
Small infantry garrisons, with hos
pitals, 'etc., make Pingyang the pri
mary, and Chenampho the secondary
base. *- Supplies are being landed at
Halju and Chenampho and are also
being taken by junks up the Cheng
cheng River to Anju. The horses,
5200 to a division, were landed in bad
condition. The necessity for leading
each horse reduces the strength of ,the
fighting force. Many of the soldiers
arejsuffering from the effects of frozen
feet. | '•
The Japanese are fortifying Fusan,
Southern Korea, and ; Konje Island, off
the southern coast, to defend Masam
pho. , The Russians overestimated the
strength of the Japanese force at
Anju and consequently retreated with
out making use, of the natural advant
ages of the country to oppose the Jap
anese advance.
First Army Is Moving Toward Wiju
. by Three Routes.
ADVANCE OF JAPANESE.
"The railroad holds out splendidly
and works' regularly, all the attaches
being imbued with the high import
ance of their task. Sentries are posted
at the boundary and are doing duty
In the neutral zone dividing, China
and Manchuria. The weather is warm
and the rivers are open. In Port Ar
thur all is quiet and the inhabitants
have become accustomed to a state of
¦war, though some of them are impa
tient that the enemy has been for so
long a time invisible." ;
ST. PETERSBURG, April 5.— A
correspondent at Port Arthur, , who re
turned to the fortress yesterday from
an inspection ' trip through Southern
Manchuria, telegraphs that, the coun
try is strikingly full of an unusualand
active. life; that the troops are vigor
ous and healthy and animated by a de
sire for active operations, and that the
entire native population, including
that of the commercial world, is
friendly to Russia and full of faith in
the Russian arms. The correspon
dent says:
"Russian money, which was shaky
at the beginning of the war, is again
firm. The Chinese volunteer militia
formed here presents a good appear
ance, wearing a special uniform with
epaulettes bearing the Russian na
tional flag.' The natives provide pro
visions freely and are selling horses
brought from the surrounding coun
try. The Mandarins are an exception
to this general rule, as they are cau
tious and are trying to carry water
on both shoulders. As their conduct
is passive it does the Russians no
harm.
SEOUL, Korea, April 5.— It is re
ported that the Japanese have killed
two Tong-haks (bandits) near Gensen.
The province of Chulla.in Southern Ko
rea, where \ the .Tong-haks precipitated
the China- Japan" war, is being overrun
by armed bands, and an official request
has, been made for troops to subdue
them.
A returning missionary reports that
forty-five Tong-haks have been hanged
at Chongju, the. capital of the province
of Chengcheng.
The British military attache has re
turned here from Pingyang.
Korean Bandits Giv
¦ing. Japanese Much
Trouble. ;
Chinese in Manchuria
Are 1 Assisting the ;
Russians. Sii :
"Meantime, the Bobr and the
Otvajny continued to fire on the
stranded steamers and on the small
boats putting off from them.
'"Commander Travinsky of the
Reshitelny saw a large steamer
making toward the center of the
channel,' fired a torpedo which ex
ploded on the side of the target.
Lieutenant Krinizki, commanding the
Silni, having fought five of the
enemy's ships for a long time in the
darkness, was himself wounded, and
his chief engineer and six men were
killed.
"With his machinery disabled and
the helm of the Silni damaged, the
Lieutenant decided to cease firing;
but, fearing to leave the open entrance
to the harbor, he approached the
shallows near Golden Hill and got
off In a boat with another officer to
extinguish the flre on. the nearest
steamer and to render aid to the
twelve Japanese who had been
wounded. . •!; ]
,. "The Otvajny sent surgeons to care
for the wounded, and boats were sent
to the other steamers at a terrible
risk, to cut the wires connecting the
torpedoes, which the Japanese had
arranged to destroy the steamers.
The fires on the ships were ex
tinguished."
"Other Japanese steamers came on
at full speed, raining Hotchkiss bul
lets at the Silni, which fired a second
torpedo at the steamers . and then
ran aground.
"The commander of. the Silni dis
covered five of the- -enemy's destroy
ers farther away, and the big ships
valiantly rushed to attack,' firing their
guns as they did so. The- enemy then
separated and* disappeared in ; . the
darkness.
"Following a reconnoissance our
fleet returned and anchored in the
interior of the harbor. After mid
night the darkness became more pro
found and our searchlights were con
stantly in operation, . piercing the
gloom. Suddenly a shot thundered,
and then a second and then a third.
Golden Hill and Tiger Cliff opened
flre when the enemy was discovered.
From the battleship Petropavlovsk
a launch put on! with Vice Admiral
Makaroff and other officers heading
for the sunboat Bobr. At the same
time the torpedo-boats Silni and
Reshitelny signaled to prepare for
action and to attack the enemy. The
Kunboat Otvajny discharged her six
inch guns and the torpedo-boat Silni
fired a broadside while hurrying to
ward the enemy and let go a torpedo
which fairly struck the prow of the
first Japanese steamer, carrying it
away.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 5. — A
press correspondent in Port Arthur
gives the following picturesque de
tails of the last attempt of the Japan
ese to block the harbor, as follows:
Correspondent Gives Details of At
tempt to "Bottle" Port Arthur.
DESCRIBES LATE ATTACK.
Optimists, it is said, attribute the
slow march of events to the fact that
negotiations have actually been begun.
BRUSSELS, April 5.— A telegram from
the Berlin correspondent of the Solr,
which is reproduced for what it is
worth, says that King Edward . has
taken the preliminary steps to ascer
tain' if the Russians would be favor
ably disposed to accept an offer of me
diation.
The Czar, it is alleged,: replied that
such an offer on the part- of the Kirig
of England would certainly be accept
ed. With Russia's ' acquiescence thus
eecured, the correspondent says, it
would be difficult for Japan to decline
a proposal emanating from her power
ful ally.
Special Dispatch to TH« Call.
The army organ's correspondent at
Liaoyang forwards a description of
General Kuropatkin's headquarters, as
follows:
"There is none of the pomp and cir
cumstance in life here— nothing but a
round of hard work. The stone cot
tages builf for the staff are "'cold and
cheerless. Inside the officers have to sit
in furs, despite the roaring fires, but
they are too busy to notice the discom
fort. Every cottage resounds with the
click of the typewriter, drawing up de
tails of the disposition of the troops.
We have eclipsed the Germans in pre
cision and promptitude.' There is no
Great preparations are being made
at St. Petersburg for the reception of
the crews of the Varaig and Korietz.
The Council has voted $7500 for their
entertainment. Scholarships will ' be
found for the children of the officers.
Lieutenant Colonel Froloff, who has
been acting 5 chief of the general staff
since General. Sakharoff's appointment
as War Minister, has been granted the
rights and privileges of an Assistant
Secretary of State by the Emperor.
This may foreshadow his permanent
appointment.
General Sakharoff announces that the
Orenburg Cossacks will be allowed $25
each for the purchase of horses. This
measure indicates the mobilization of
the Cossacks in the Orenburg prov
ince in case of necessity.
RECEPTION' TO CREWS,
"Captain StepanofT has done well to
explain the truth. It has never been
to Russia's interest to make enemies,
although foolish chauvinism often has
done so. Russia has every reason to
express her sincere thanks and recog
nition for the humane and noble bear
ing of every power represented at Che
mulpo." ' , "
Captain Stepanoff, in the statement
referred to, said:
"At the time the VicksOurg was sta
tioned at Chemulpo her captain held
aloof; he took no part irT the confer
ences of protest preceding the fight, for
the simple reason that he was not In
vited to do so. After the fight, like the
others, he sent a surgeon with a boat
to the rescue. As regards his not tak
ing Russian^ seamen aboard the Vicks
burg, this, was unnecessary, and it is
more than probable that Captain Rudi
neff. commanding the Varaig. did not
ask it."
The statement by. Captain Stepanoff,
an officer formerly attached to the Va
riag, at Odessa on April 2 regarding
the action of the commander of the
United States gunboat Vicksburg at
Chemulpo was reprinted here to-day.
It is believed the statement will put
an end to the discussion of the inci
dent, which has been the cause of so
much irritation in Russia. The Zei
tung says:
ST. PETERSBURG, April 5.— General
Pflug telegraphs from Mukden under
yesterday's date, denying the reports
of Japanese operations In Manchuria
and stating: that there are no Japanese
troops in Manchuria.
Cossacks in the Oren
burg Province to
Be Mobilized.
Reason Advanced for
Delaying of Active
Operations.
The Berlin correspondent, of a Brussels newspaper asserts that
the King of Englnnd has offered to mediate "between Russia and
Japan and that Russia has acquiesced.
Reports of the occupation of Wiju by the Japanese are con
firmed, the information being added In a Tokio dispatch that the
town': was deserted by the Russians. when approached by the Japan
ese— Cossack scouts are said to have disappeared [from Northern
Korea, hastily withdrawing across the Yalu/ where the Russian army
evidently is prepared to make its first desperate stand.
- -From St, Petersburg, comes official information denyuig report*
emanating from English sources to the;en*ect that the Japanese had
entered >! and were operating in Manchuria: The Yalu, it Is added, is
well fortified and the Russians occupy its northern bank in force.
SUMMARY OF THE CALL'S WAR NEWS
No Japanese Are Yet
Operating on Man
churian Soil.
Rumor That Negotia
tions Are Already
Under Way.
KING EDWARD'S OFFER OF MEDIATION
IS SAID TO BE ACCEPTABLE TO RUSSIA
THE. SAN FRANCI5CO- CALL 1 , AVEDNESDAY,; APRIL g; 190£.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Eruptions
Dry, moist, scaly tetter, all forms
of eczema 'or salt rheum, pimples
and other cutaneous eruptions pro-
ceed from humors, either inherited
or acquired through defective di-
gestion and assimilation.
To treat these eruptions with dry-
ing medicines is dangerous.
The thing to do is to take
Hood's Sarsaparilla
and Pills
Which thoroughly cleanse the blood,
expelling all humors and building
up the whole system. They cure.
Accept no substitute.
Testimonials of remarkable cures mailed
on request. C. I. HOOD CO., Lowell, Mass.
klxchange I
f Your Old J
t For a
The - difference won't amount to a great
deal, and you'll be greatly benefited by the
trade. I want all the old Razors I can get
i in exchange.
My Razors are all high grade makes,
and range In price from $1.00 up.
My $1.00 two or three bladed pocket
knife is a world beater.
Razor Strops as low as 25c Two bars
Williams' Shaving Soap 15c.
1 Mall Orders Promptly Filled.
sUUcards^ OUH
CORRECT STVLCS AND SIZE.S - Al-SO
Business ano onorc5siON»L c&5bs
THAT MANPITTS
1008 Mai-ket Street o^Jl
' ' ¦ i - -¦".¦:¦
Prescriptions 34i406 and 7.
GUARANTEED CUBE FOB 31E1T.
HARMLESS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
cases in afev days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. NO OTHEK TEEATMENT
REQUIRED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PREVENTS CONTAGION. Harm-
Jess.', $2.00 . for, both botUes.'» For sale only
P. S.' KEX.X.Y'3 PHARMACY. 3 103 Eddy.'
DR. SHO OP'S BEMEDIES.
WHAT TEA DOES TO
RHEUMATICS.
"When you next take tea, think of th!*
Tea contains 175 grains of Uric Acid
,ln every pound.
Meat contains only five to sevea
grains.
j Rheumatism is Uric Acid In the blood.
j Uric Add accumulates from food when
I the digestive apparatus cannot create
enough Alkaline elements (like soda) to
neutralize it. '
This Acid collects urea, or worn-out
waste matter, from the system.
That Urea enters the blood when Alka-
line action has not previously dis-
solved it.
By and by the waste matter reached
the joints and muscles, through circula-
tion of the blood. ' .
; There it gradually deposits in bo114
particles, like granulated sugar.
These solid particles grind between
I the Joints and muscles at every move-
ment.
i This grinding causes irritation and
1 pain.
These in turn may develop inflammv
i tion and swelling. That inflammation
:bestirs Nature to help herself.
She proceeds to coat the hard Uric par-
ticles over with cushions of pulpy mu-
cous, like the first healing strata of an
©uter sore.
This pulpy covering grows to th»
bones, as well as to the particles deposit-
ed. There it hardens like plaster or
sealing wax. Then we . have "bony
Joints." almost inflexible, and usually
fixed in a bended position, from the pain
and inflammation.
That is Rheumatism at its worst.
It is bad enough before it gets that
far.
There is but one sure way of curing
Rheumatism. The first step is to neutral-
ize the Uric Acid already in the system.
Next, to dissolve, and carry away, tht
hard deposits that grind between th«*
Joints. Then get the digestive apparatus
into such hpalthy condition that it will,
unaided, produce less Uric Acid, and
more Alkalines.
This is v.-hat Doctors generally hav«
failed to do. •
It is what* I studied a lifetime to ac-
complish, and achieved only after many
failures and thousands of experiments*.
At last I found, in Germany, a Solvent
which wos not only effective, but abso-
lutely safe to use.
Few agents powerful enough to be ef-
fective in Rheumatism are safe.
My discovery, now called "Dr. Shoop 9
Rheumatic Cure." acts directly, but in-
ternally, upon Uric Acid in the Joints
and muscles.
It dissolves, and carries off. tha pain-
ful deposits, producing an immediate Al-
kaline condition of the blood, and neu-
tralizing the Acid in it which would
have fed the- Rheumatism and extended,
the disease. < t>
It won't rpstore bony Joints to flexibil-
ity, and it can't undo, in a week, tho
damage caused by years of rheumatio
condition.
But it will benefit every case, afcd it
will entirely cure most cap<?s of Rheuma-
tism. ¦'.¦:..-¦
So sure am I of this, that I will supply
Dr. Shoop's Rheumatic Cure, to any sick
one who writes me for It. on a month's
trial, at my risk.
If it succeeds, the cost to him Is only
\ $5.50 for the six bottle treatment.
If it fails, I bear the whole cost my-
: self.
And — he alone shall be the Judge — «
shall decide who shall pay.
Surely you will not continue to ruffer
when you can thus get well, at my risk.
I have written an important Treatise
on Rheumatism, telling of Its relief and
cure.
It is free to Rheumatic p«opla.
' "Write me a post card for it to-day«
I Address Dr. Shoop, box 3630, Racine*
WIs.
P. S.— Simple cases Ojtcn yield to ona
bottle of Dr. Shoop's Rheumatic Cure.
{Druggists $r.) But all druggists da
not supply it on a month's trial. You
must write to me for that. „ C. I. S.
w—™" — »^— -^^ —^
h visit DR. JORDAN'S great 0
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
¦ Q G$ 1::: 1USZZ7 ST. tat 6:&*7£, 3.7.CaI. A
\ Cj J be Lar^ nt Anatomical Museum la die \
V jj_jif~i _, World Weaknesses or any comrceted A
1. §i5?2?I <J'«»->e potlll.rljtnrf.ilhf the oldeit T
0 |J5ST}1 s Pec^:iit on the Couv Esc^yearv Q
6 &&%?§ DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEM A
X r(ftSv^M Cormiltttion free »nd ftrktly pHrate. \
V I ITU? «1 Tr<r "™ f n » per»onal.y nr t>T letter. A H
1 J tf qjj Fotttt— C*r» in rrery cajc mdrftalren. T
a&il tlf& Wntefor Book. rilLOHOPnYar A
V • !j j * BtnilLtGE, MAILED FKKS. fAf
A i» O- "iiable book for wi) k
V I)B. JOHDAN A tO. 1951 Market St.. 8. F. V
>
"DT5TTCUT7C FOR barbers, pa-
DllUwjflilo kers > tootblacks, bat>>-
wiiuunuvj bouses, billiard t*bl«*.
brewers, bookbinders. Cindy makers, canned.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, pay?r-
hansers, printers, painters.- shoe facto-!.:*,
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
/?"*>*. Steamers leave Broadway
/O^^^8«\. wharves.' Piers 0 and It.
/^W_ \v\ San Francisco.
(Q./ v«sSr*!*» V*\ For Ketchikan. "Wranget.
I I VhJT j4 I I Juneau . Haines, Skaguay,
I V \mCi/ I etc -. Alaska — 11 a. m.. Apr.
W\ \i \'rf) 5. 10. 13. 20, 25. 30. May 5.
' VJs'vIL__>''y/ Change to Company's steam-
N^A»srt\^/ *« at Seattle.
For Victoria, VancouTer.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. Bel-
linKham — II a. m., Apr. 5. 10, 13. 20 23. .T».
May 6. Change at Seattle to this company a
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.;-at Seattlo
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. I .
Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:~O
P. m., Apr. 4, 10. 16. 22, 28. May 4. Spokane.
1:30 p. m., Apr. 1. 7. 13. 19, 25 May 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles an.i
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara— San-
ta Roca. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays 9 a. m
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Crux. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayuco*. Port Harfonl (San
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Santa Cruz, 9 a. m.. Apr. 19. (Freight only.>
Bonita, 9 a. m.. Apr. 3, 13. 21. 29, May 7.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jos* dM
Cabo. Maratlan. Altata, La Pax, Santa Ro-
ralia. Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th each
month. For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sailing
dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery St. (Palace Hotel*. 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Office, 10 Market st.
C.-D. DUN ANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
• The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences: Telephone. Exchange 312.
O. R. & N. CO.
OREGON sails April 7. 17. 27. May T 17
and 27. GEO. W. ELDER sails April 12.' 22.
May 2. 12 and 22. Only steamship line to
PORTLAND, OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through tickets
to all Dolnts. Steamer tickets include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st at
II a. ro. S. F.- BOOTH, G«n. Agt. Pass.
Dept. 1 Montgomery st.: C. CLIFFORD. G«n.
Agent Freight Dept.^3 Montgomery st
oeean.cs.s.co.S£«
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land aDd Sydney. Thur... Apr. 14, 2 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Apr. 23. 11 am.
B. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Apr. 23. 11 a'm.
I.D.SPBECHLS t BEOS. CO.;AztS.,TiCiet OffiCS 643 Mar-
Eet St., might Office 329 Harm st, Pier 7. paeiflt; sl
- COMPAeVIX GENERALS TKANSATLANTIQCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. " » ~ .
Saillr.K every Thursday instead or tJ/kcS^
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. MraffftS 1
North River.. foot of Morton at
First class to Havre. (70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to ¦ Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & Co.. Pacific Const
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad' Ticket Agents.
- *; Mara U0an& and Vallalo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
»:43 a. in., 3:15 and 8:ao p. m. - . except Sunday
Sunday. 0:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo
7 a. m.. 12 -.30 • and 6 p. m. . except Sunday
Sunday.-^ a. m.,.4:15 p. m. -Fare.. 60 c*otsl
Tel.- Main »15CS. > v Pier • 2. MUsion-M. Oock. '
HATCJJ s UKDS ' -¦ ¦¦' -~r Mfc *
DB» KIDtLER'S SWAitP-EOOT.
THOUSANDS HAVE KIDNEY
TROUBLE AND PONT 10W IT
— f — " \ if I J --^****** MW^\J
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys arc responsible fop more sickness
and suffering than any other disease— therefore, when, through
neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue,
fatal results are sure to follow.
Vour other organs may need attention— but your kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first.
If you are sick or ••feel badly,*' begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney* liver and bladder remedy, because
os soon as your kidneys begin to get better they will help all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
The mild and immediate effect of brickdust or sediment in the nrine.
Swamp-Root, the great kidney and headache, backache, lame back, dizzi-
Jladder remedy, is soon realized. It ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, heart
stands the highest for its wonderful disturbance due to bad kidnev trouble.
cures of the most distressine cases, skin eruptions from bad blood. neural-
Swamp-Root will set your whole sys- gia, rheumatism, diabetes, bloating, ir-
tem fif^t. and the best proof of this ritability. worn-out feeling, lack of am-
is a trial. bition. loss of flesh, sallow complexion,
63 cottage et.. MEUiosE. mass. or Bri^ht's disease.
r>ear £lr: Jen luh - 1P04 - If votir water when allowed to re-
"Kver F!ne# I we* tn th* army I had more *? > OU J. " a , r> , y ncn a"OWCa IO rr
or i«*s kidney trouble. «nd within the past main undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
V&!rX££^ v^&^%£££ twenty-four hours forms a sediment or
ray Etrencth and p<jwer was fast leavtr.* m*. settling or nas a cloudy appearance, it
ii^r \«ki a<5 f£ i a'avf«> t °i b^^ l thl° 0 u!« a of * s tv^ den:c that 3'our kidneys and
the m.-d.'icine a°d nmVd a decided mprowment bladder need immediate attention.
after taking Swamp-Root only a short time. Swamp-Root IS the great discovery of
O&tT£?2«&£Z&&2^lf 4 & Dr. Kilmer, the eminent .kidney and
to be very sure al>out this, I had a doctor ex- bfadder specialist Hospitals USc it
Sc^cVT^.f^Kt^ria^ff^ff'coSSifiS: with wonderful success in both slight
I knew that your Swamp-Hoct is purely \?g- and severe cases. Doctors recommend
?rtSf. ZZLv?nTy£'\ n ? > w l ™£llJ'Zg?l it to their patients and use it in their
«ry and recommend inr Swamp-Hoot to all eur- OWH families, because they TCCOgniZe
lerera. I am. • Very truly ynurp. ; n S'.vamp-Root the greatest and most
I. C. IUCHARDSOX £Ucccssfu l rcme dy.
You may have a sample bottle of this Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
famous kidney remedy. Swamp-Root, is for sale at drug stores the world
tent free by mail, post-paid, by which over in bottles of two sizes and two
you may test its virtues for such dis- prices— fifty cents and one dollar. Re-
orders as kidney, bladder and uric acid member the name. Swamp- Root, Dr.
diseases, poor digestion, being pbliged Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the ad-
to pass your water frequently night and dress Binghamton. N. Y.. on every
day, smarting or :rritat:on in passing, bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTE.— So successful is Swamp-Root in promptly
curing even the most distressing cases of kidnev. liver or bladder trou-
bles, that to prove its wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle
and a book of valuable information, both sent absolutely free by mail. The
book contains many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial let-
ters received from men and women cured. The value and success of '
Swamp-Root is so well known that o_- readers are advised to send for a
sample bottle. In sendin* vour address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Bineham-
ton, N. Y., be sure to sav vou read this generous offer in the San Fran-
cisco Daily Call. The proprietor of this paper guarantees the genuineness
of this offer.
| Aboard the Golden State i^^)^^ Ik i
I Limited, you will find all wtfk^ V ) 1 fj
the conveniences and com- Y31 4e£ lii fh) S
% ment and means are accus- , iw^ig»«jl >^ iw m
% room, a smoking room, bed \ alii j|r sj
Tj rooms, a bath room, a barber Vm^^^^. if E*^§mi®
* They have other names J3p^&!kl\^^/^C^C)II I
i but they serve the same pur- W =^/^^^%^^\X H
> pose, on a train, as those W^7P^/^Cv^^>ll I
i apartments do in one's own W^==^^^^^^K%^i U
Golden State 1
3 leaves Sin Francisco, Santa Barbara and Lot Anpcla ?\ \a\*^?^\J e\vsj* fc ~^£ H
£ <!a'ihr, December 25 to April 19, for Topelu, Kan- »* HMfV^H^A^^: M
I ua City and Chicago. Southern route — by way of » vi\ C^^^ M •
• El Paw thro* a land where winter is unknown. X^r^ttaWV IS
'4 Tickets, berths and literature at fh»« office, 3n J \ \ j^uf >^5v 13
at Southern Pacific ticket offices. *^^v^ a
c * A# ruti ? erford » M
£ HJ3K£t^lililllgijl District Passenger Agent, ||
* J5^=^K?^§iH3 623 Market St., San Francisco, CaL 63CAPE HAYTIEN. April 5.— A Dominican
cruiser is expected to arrive shortly with
President Morales of Santo DominKO on board.
The reason for the President's visit to this
pert is not known.
No person was within hailing dis
tance and Mowery perished In the
flames. Members of the family found
both men lying in the charred rubbish
several hours later. Mowery was
burned to a crisp, but Drake may re
cover.
- NEW YORK, April 5.— At the age of
90, Samuel Mowery has sacrificed his
life at Washington, N. J., to save Wil
liam Drake, aged SO years, from burn
ing to death.
Both men lived on the same farm and
were inseparable. They went Into a
meadow to burn off some dead grass.
The flames were fanned by a >brisk
breeze, and soon Drake, who started
the blaze, discovered that his clothing
was on fire. He tottered and fell, cry
ing in a tremulous voice for aid. Mow
ery hastened to him and tried to beat
out the flames with his cap and bare
hands. Too weak to carry the victim. •
Mowery managed to roll him over sev
eral times and then fell senseless, over
come by the, smoke and his own exer
tions.
Xew Jersey Man Is Overcome by Fire
While Trying to Rescue
Companion.
XOXOGEXARIAX DIES
TO SAVE OCTOGENARIAN'
Army Y. M. C. A. to Be Extended.
WASHINGTON, April 5. — The
Secretary of War has directed that
permission bo granted to the Army
Y. M. C. A. to establish its, work at
the various posts of the army in the
United States and in the islands ; of
Porto Rico and the Philippines. /
LONDON. April 5.— Sir • Henry Irving . re
turned to Ix>ndon to-niclit. He is in excellent
health and spirits and eays' he creatly en
jt'jcd his tour In the United ; States. .- , ¦
CHICAGO. April 5.— Judge Kohlsaat
In the United States District Court ha3
issued an order restraining: the officials
of Franklin Union, an organization of
press feeders, and forty-ane members
from interfering with the business of
the American Colortype Company.
Pressfccdcrs Are Restrained.
FALL RIVER, Mass., April 5.— The
mills in this vicinity have signed an
agreement to shut down two days in
each week to limit production.
Among the plants that will close
Thursday are the Border City, employ
ing 1125 hands in three mills; King
Philip, 1200 in four mills; Merchants'
No. 3. 500; Osborne, two mills, 750; Sag
amore, two mills, and Union, three
mills, 1000 each, and Wampanoag, three
mills, 800 operatives; Chase,' two mills,
650, and Flint, 600.
Massachusetts Factories Will Shut
Dorni. Two Days a Week.
4
WILL LIMIT PRODUCTION*.
CHICAGO, April 5.— The strike riot
ing at the American Can Company|s
plant in this city to-day was fiercer
than it has been at any time, and one
man, John Nichols, lost his life by a
bullet fired, it is said, from a train
on which a number of non-union men
were being taken back to the city
after the conclusion of the day's work.
The fighting began early in the
morning, when 300 Greeks, who have
been employed- during the strike, at
tempted to come to the factory. They
were met at the gates by a large num
ber of union pickets, who attacked
them with stones and clubs. A large
detachment of police had their hands
full to protect the Greeks, when a shot
fired from the crowd aroused the
Greeks to fury. Those of the number
who had entered the factory came
pouring out, armed with knives- and
revolvers, and attempted to attack the
union men and their sympathizers,
who were assaulting the Greeks who
had not reached the gateway. The po
lice, after a desperate ' struggle, man
aged to keep the two bodies of men
apart, drove the Greeks into the
factory and dispersed those on the out
side. In this light a number of men
were severely hurt.
At night when the Greeks left the
plant they were attacked by a mob
fully 1000 strong that pelted them with
sticks, stones and bottles. The police,
however, escorted them to the train
without anybody having been serious
ly injured, although quite* a number
of men on both sides were bruised.
After the Greeks had reached their
train, it Is said, somebody on the cars
fired a shot, the bullet killing John
Nichols instantly.
Union Men Attack a Body
of Greeks at a Chicago
Cannery and Battle Ensues
SAX JOSE. .April 5.— George Llmas, the
seven-year-old boy who vaa struck by a train
at MHpitas Sunday evening, died to-day.
ONE IS KILLED
DURING RIOT
PALERMO. April 5.— Mr. and Mrs.
J. R. Henderson, two of Palermo's
prominent residents, celebrated a few
days ago the fiftieth anniversary of
their wedding day. Both are California
pioneers. The presents were many and
costly, as befitted a golden wedding.
Wedding Celebration at Palermo.
thousand visitors from San Francisco
will be present.
A feature of the festival will be the
battle of blossoms at Agricultural
Park between i floral knights from
Santa Clara <and •_<- San Jose. Then
there will be a spearing of floral rings
by a cavalcade of horsemen. A num
ber' of thoroughbred horses are .... en
tered in races and will go for records.
i;i the Petaluma and Santa Rosa Elec
rlc Railroad was driven to-day. War
on & <"o. of San Francisco have been
nvardod the contract for construction
>ptueen this city and Sebasttrpol. Rails
m«J ties are on the ground and work
¦ill be speedily advanced.
Material In Rcadinos and Railroad
lo Santa Rosa Will Be QuickC-
Hum.
•PETALUMA, April r..-The first spike
IIHST SPIKi: IS DRIVES
IX>R A PIJTALUMA LINE
Our frame department is showing a
new line of frames in gilt, gold and art
nouveau. Best values. • Sanborn, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market st. •
BERLIN. April 5.— The seismological ob
servatory at Potsdam registered yesterday at
1 1 :07 a. m. an earthquace shock of unusual
violence, estimated to be at a spot about 4(XW
miles distant.
The exercises of the day then began
and a vast crowd gathered upon the
hill. The "Doxology" was sung by the
audience and the Rev. E. S. Williams
lead the devotion. The Rev. Mr. Hall
of NHes read the Twenty-third Psalm,
and .the Rev. Mr. Gregory, president of
the Pastors' Union, offered prayer. Ed
win K. Johnston was then introduced
as chairman of the meeting and made
an address of welcome. Mrs. E. • L.
Watson of Cupertino delivered an ad
dress. The Rev. - D. D. Peebles sang
"My Own United States" and gave a
recitation. W. G. Alexander and D. T.
Bateman delivered, addresses. A col
ored Quartet from the Antioch Baptist
Chur:h sang, some songs.
W. A. Gates, secretary of the State
Board of Charities and Correction, ad
dressed the assemblage. Five thousand
voices joined in singing "America."
Letters of regret at being unable to be
present were received from Governor
Pardee, J. O. Hayes and Mayor George
D. Worswlck of; San Jose. A general
committee, of which W. G. Tomlinson
was president, William Small secretary
arid E. J. Corpstein treasurer, had
charge of the festivities. ,
.Everything is in readiness for the
blossom fete to be held in this city
on Thursday under the auspices of the
Women's Club. The realm of Queen
Flora is being robbed , of , its'.- floral
-wealth by society's ladies," and to-mor
row afternoon they will begin placing
the tons of varied colored blossom*
upon the floats, carriages and automo
biles that will' be" in the parade.' Busi
ness win be practically suspended in
San Jose on that day, 'and every one
will turn out in honor of /the event.
For weeks the Women's Club has been
planning for. the festival and the ex T
hibit they will . make to the admiring
thousands of '. spectators will be a
grand show".; Not since the '¦ big rose
carnival in 1896 ¦ has anything so gor
geous been attempted.- All interest
centers In the event -and Mrs. W. C.
Kennedy, the president ;" of the club,
and the various committees are being
proffered help on -all sides. , All the
merchants will close their doors. , The
proceeds of the , festival are to go' to; a
fund' for the erection - of a . clubhouse
for the* Women's Club. -, A special {rate
has been made on the railroads for. the
day and I it is expected that several
The festivities of blossom day opened
at 9 o'clock with a praise service at
the Methodist church. The Rev. S. M.
Woodward read from the psalms and
the Rev. Mr. Merrill and the Rev. Ed
win Sidney Williams offered prayer.
A concert in front of the postoffice
at 10:CO o'clock was given by Brohaska's
band of twelve pieces. An adjournment
was taken to Grangers Grove at 11:30.
Here another concert was given and a
picinc dinner was served by the ladies
of Saratoga.' A great reunion was then
held and the thousands of people sat
and walked under the fine trees on the
grounds.
AH was life and bustle in Saratoga.
The citizens outdid themselves in hos
pitality. From 7 o'clock in the morn
ing until sundown visitors came and
went. The Interurban electric road
estimated the number of visitors at
nearly 10,000, and at noon there were
at least 5000 in Saratoga. A thousand
people came from San Francisco and
the bay cities. San Joseans virtually
poured into the scene of the festivities
and every town in the county was rep
resented. Many went from here in car
riages. The drives along the n\lles of
good, roads through the orchards at
tracted many and a thousand went to
Congress Springs and spent the day
along the creeks and in the hills. No
other section of the State could have
presented the vast' amount of flowers
and blossoms. Free sodawater was dis
pensed, at Congress Springs.,
SAN JOSE, April 5.— Saratoga's blos
som fete attracted nearly 10,000 visitors
to-day, and every one of multi
tude was made to feel at home by the
residents of the pretty little foothill
city. To-day's event was the fifth an
nual one, and both in grandeur and
attendance it exceeded the former fes
tivals. All around the little city were
thousands of acres of blossoming fruit
trees and with fragrance the air was
redolent. The day was an ideal one.
The green of the foothills back of the
town and the area of flowering trees
stretching out before it made a pretty
scene.
Special Dispatch to The Call
TAMPA, Fla., April 5.— The West
Tampa fire swept twenty-five acres and
rendered 1000 people homeless. The loss
is estimated at. $250,000; insurance,
about $100,000.
Thousand Homeless In Tampa.
SAN RAFAEL. April 5. — The case
of James Tunsted against the North
Shore Railroad Company for $40,000
damages will come up for trial in the
Superior Court to-morrow morning.
The suit is the result of the wreck of
a funeral train at Point Reyes on June
19. 1903. The train on its return trip
plunged over a high trestle and every
one on board was injured. There are
many suits against the corporation as
a result of this wreck *and a bitter
struggle will bo made by the North
yhL»re to win out.
Passcnpcr Hurt In Xorth Shore Dis
aster Near Point Reyes Wants
Damages.
SUIT IS TO BEGIN'
OVER RAILROAD WRECK
NEW YORK, April 5.— Nearly 8000
evictions already are impending on ac
count of the increase in East Side" tene
ment rentals. Arrangements have been
made for a mass-meeting of tenants for
the purpose of devising means to fight
the increase.
Will Figlit Increase of Rents.
"When these raids are made the
most aw^ul cruelties are practiced. In
nocent women and children are killed
or captured, hands are cut off to be
taken back to the white Belgian offi
cers to show that the work has been
well done, and great sections are being
depopulated. One of these raids was
made near one of our mission stations
—one of our missionaries went to the
scene and counted eighty-one hands
cut off and drying over a fire,' to be
taken back to the Belgiaji officers:
forty-five dead bodies were counted
lying near by.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 5.— Dr.
William Morrison, a Southern Presby
terian minister to the ¦ Congo Free
State, in speaking to the Presbyterian
Ministers' Association here, gave an
impressive recital of the alleged" bar
barities practiced upon the natives of
the Congo Free State by those holding
the power and of the obstacles thrown
in the way of their correction by the
authorities.
"I lived with the people for seven
years," said Dr. Morrison. "Leopold
has there a native cannibal army, of
20,000 men, officered by white Belgians
and armed with repeating rifles." The
men, representing the worst and most
savage type of the natives, were first
caught, then carried far away from
their homes and forced into .this mili
tary service. There, in turn, this can
nibal soldiery is used to compel' the
natives to bring in enormous tribute
of ivory and india rubber. It is worth
noting that the King of Belgium is
to-day reputed the largest dealer in
ivory and rubber in the world.
"As a result of this forced labor and
military service, great and unspeaka
ble cruelties are practiced on the na
tive people. I have seen a number of
times at least 5000 fleeing into the for
estst6 escape from the cannibal sol
diers of King Leopold; I have seen
these soldiers scouring through the
forests, and after catching a number
of men whom the Government wanted
as laborers, going away with the cap
tives tied together by ropes around
their necks. Raids upon villages are
constantly being made. Some of the
people are killed and eaten, others are
hurried away into captivity, and sold;
others are forced yito labor and mili
tary service. I can buy all the slaves
you want at Luebo at from $10 to $15
apiece.
Experts say the strike is a most
lucky one. The cheapness of mining
on the river banks and islands is in
ducement enough, while the richness of
the pay on this particular ' island is
taken by the miners flocking to the
scene as indicating valuable bar dig
gings over a wide area. The theory is
advanced that it is Forty-Mile gold
which may prove to be scattered over
the whole intervening fifty miles of the
Yukon from the mouth of Forty-Mile
Creek.
A shaft forty-five feet deep was sunk
and during the last thirteen feet was
in good pay. More than $1500 was tak
en out in twenty-three successive pans,
and the pans were not picked. The
bars up and down the river for a con
siderable distance from the island have
been staked and lays are being renewed
on the island.
TACOMA. April 5.— A cold strike of
almost fabulous value is reported from
Eagle. Alaska. Carl M. Jonansen, the
United States Commissioner, has
wired the Dawson newspapers of an
extraordinary find made on an island
in the middle of the Yukon River Just
in frcmt of Eagle. Great excitement
prevails at Eagle, and already stam
peders are rushing from Dawson.
Special Dispatch to The Call
by the steel company. They run high
in fixed carbonate percentage, being
from 7S to 92. and the coke running
from SI per cent up. There are three
prades of coal, bituminous, semi
.mihracite and anthracite. Abernathy
declares that the glaciers have opened
up the mines in fine shape, so that
: her*e was nothing to do with the
proposition but to take the coal out
ms one %vould take it out of a quarry.
About twenty miles of railroad would
lavr to be built, but on it the loads
would po down prade all the -way to
the bunkers on the shore.
Samples of the coal have been
brought out and have been examined
SAN' DIEGO. April 5. — The Pacific
Steel Company of this city to-day
eloped a contract with W. A. Aber
nathy and Theo O. Hcydenfeldt for
;he purchase of 20,000 acres of coal
land, located In Southeastern Alaska,
and claimed to produce the best coal
to be found on the west coast of
America. The purchase price is 517,
000,000 and the amount must be paid
in cash by the 1st of September. The
purchase is, of course, made subject
:o the approval of the title.
The coal fields are located about
fifteen or twenty miles back from
Controllers Bay, about seventy miles
due west of the base of Mount St.
Klias. The syndicate owning the
liroperty Is headed by "W. A. Aber
nathy and by Harry White, formerly
Mayor of Seattle. On the property
there are ten veins of coal varying in
Tvldth from four *eet to twenty-eight
feet eight inches. The purchase in
cludes about all the coal land in that
part of the country with the excep
tion of some lands which are owned
by the Canadian Pacific Railroad.
Special Dispatch t» The Call
Land in the Middle of
the Alaskan River Glows
With the Precious Metal
During Raids* Soldiers Cut
Off Hands to Show White
Officers How Work Is Done
BERLIN. April 5.— Mattasich, the
former lieutenant in the Austrian army
whose intrigue with the. Princess Louise
of Coburgr, eldest daughter of King
Leopold cl^ Belgium, caused her hus^
band, Prince Philip of Coburg, to have
her detained in a private asylum for
the insane at Coswig; Saxony, made
an unsuccessful attempt to rescue the
Princess several days ago.
Mattasich arrived at Coswig in an
automobile from Berlin, expecting the
co-operation of 'a restaurant-keeper
whom he had Initiated into the plan,
but the latter told other persons,
through whom the physician In charge
of the asylum was informed of the
facts in the case., After waiting for
several days in the vicinity to see if
the Princes stook a daily drive, Mat
tasich concluded that the attempt was
useless now, for the Princess was no
where visible.
Mattasich announced in a book which
w.as recently - published in Vienna his
indexible purpose to liberate the Prin
cess from what" he regarded as her
unjust captivity.
Former Army Lieutenant
Says. He Will Yet Liberate
King Leopold's Daughter
Glaciers Are Declared to
Have Opened a Remark
ablv Rich Field of Fuel
RUSHING FOR FORTUNES
AN ARMY OF CANNIBALS
FAILURE OF HIS PLANS
VAST SU3I IS PKO3IISED
Lover Haunts the Private
Madhouse Where Louise
of Coburg Is Detained
Federal Official Telegraphs
to Dawson of a Remark
able Discovery of Ore
San Diego Company Closes
a Contract for the Pur
chase of Land in Alaska
Clergyman Tells of the Bar
barous Practices Imposed
/Upon the Congo Natives
VEINS OF COAL
BRING MILLIONS
AWFUL CRUELTY
OF BELGIANS
GOLD ISLAND
IN THE YUKON
THOUSANDS MAKE MERRY
IN FLOWERFUL SARATOGA
Visitors to the Picturesque Town in the Foothills of Santa
Clara County Are Enraptured by the Beauty of Blos
soms and Roam Through Green Places After Ceremonies
TRIES TO FREE
THE PRINCESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLi, WEDNESDAY. APRIL 6, 190*.
CHAIRMAN AT THE BEAUTIFUL
BLOSSOM FESTIVAL. WHICH IS BE
ING HELD AT SARATOGA. .
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUITCASES
Special Sale
Special Values
Special Prices
We place on sale to-day for the
rest of the week
150 Suit Cases
Special $8.00 Values
at
35.OO and $5.5O
Made of good quality sole leather — steel
frame— linen lined— linen shirt pocket— brass
lock and fittings — strong and durable . .
22-inch 24-inch
<£ If you are going on a journey, remember we
are headquarters for the
Best Trunks
Best Suit Cases
Best Grips and
Best Travelers' Accessories
H. Sole agents for the Celebrated
Innovation Trunks
.1 =====
CI Moderate prices consistent with good
values
ROOS BROS.
K E ARNY AT PO ST
ADVTBTISElgENT& _^_
interesting; .Facts tor
lothes Buyers
Everybody in San Francisco does
We make to order 2000 suits a month
«|||ggV . We employ 500 workmen.
iTrSS' We show 1000 different patterns in
wS^f every weave known to woolen fabrics.
. <¦ *? '^wJ^l than an y oi^ er tailor °" this coast
/ V'/\ V ; " ;; s^¥^ We save customers from SJ.00 to
e guarantee the fit, style and wear
•/.-"' ¦• if"/'":'/. . 'jwbPi " f<-ruf-B?f . ./ Hi our o'lirmpnts
'M3i^'' '"'-^^ We refund money if we do not
'"^^J^j^^^m^ would be the busiest firm in the United
Jwf^B^^^m ' States. But as it is we are the busiest
X s^ ore on ie P ac^ ic .Coast.
y :^W^mt^ Now -we have told you of these
yX f acts wh y P ot b u Y Y our s P r i n g su^
/ I'- I Sii '^W here? While convincing yourself you
y . IffGlSJ^p^^ ' are' saving money at the same time.
'•^•few -pftrS of town customers — write for self measuring
. 740 Market Street and
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS*
M£2T ABE POWESLESS
To 3Hrht Asralast Dl»eas« XJnUsu They
Strike at the Underlying Cattia.
To treat dandruff and falling hair with
Irritants or oils on which a parasitic
germ will prosper is like scooping water
from the ocean to prevent the tide from
rising'.
You cannot accomplish a satisfactory
cure without having a right understand-
ing or the fundamental causes of the
trouble.
You must" kill the dandruff germ.
rsewbro's Herpicide does this became
It Is specially , made to do that very
thing.
When the germ Is removed the hafr
nas no choice but to resume healthy
growth and beauty.
"Destroy the cause, you remove the
effect.
' Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c In
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit. Mich. ¦;••;¦**<*
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children,
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature of C^et^/ff/S&^^kc
———————————^—^———_^__
.There are ginger worms and
red-pepper bugs — queer board-
ers — that have to be looked
for, not in Schilling's Best, but
in making it. There are eggs
of these queer boarders, too
small to be killed by grinding.
Don't keep spices warm, or
they'll h^'rh.OAKLAND, April 5.— Three charges
of passing fictitious' checks were
placed to-day against A. J. Steele. M.'
Isaacs, a Broadway clothfer, appeared
to-day as another victim o'f Steele's
Charges Multiply.
.BERKELEY.. April 5.— The Town
Trustees decided, last night to put oft
until. next September the bond election
tor.'_ proposed -improvements,, to cost
about ; $ 51 5;000,;, in ¦order, that there
may-, be ample'time for a campaignTof
education. , In the "meantime a full
discussion of the propositions involved
willjbQ ? had. .Another reason .for.- the
delay is that by .the time the" election
is. held,, if jthe proceedings -were ; to go
on now, many,- people would be out of
town for '^the summer, thus increasing
the chances, for the defeat of the
project . , • ¦, , ,
Set .Date for. Bond, Election.
OAKLAND, ApriV 5. — Special fea
tures* have been introduced into; the
production of the "Holy City',' at Ye
Liberty Theater this week. The play
itself is a dramatization of Marie Cor
elli's book and is well presented and
excellently staged, but there Is also
a. special musical programme, which
i3 nicely introduced between' the acts
of the pla>% It begins w"kh an organ
solo by E. Dugan, three violin solos
by. August Hinrlchs and two. vocal
solos by Miss Mignon Judson..
Special Features at Ye Liberty.
Form Lumber Company.
OAKLAND, April 5. — Articles of in
corporation of the Mohawk Box and
Lumber Company were filed with the
County Clerk to-day.. The directors
are J. C. Knickrom, Nicholas Gard, H.
N. Gard, Albert P. Parker and R..T.
Harding. The capital stock of the
company is $75,000.
Pursues Son-ln-l^aw.
OAKLAND., April 5. — Robert E.
StubJ>s, a young attorney, was arrest
ed to-day on a charge ' of falling*, to
provide for his child, the arrest being
the second caused by J.' H.-Shephard.
the young man's father-in-law. Stitbbn
claims he is a victim of spite work
and family feud.
Fifteen railroads discharged 21,000
employes in the last three months.
OAKLAND, April 5. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: William F.
Perry, 24, and Annie McNultyv 20.
both of San Francisco; Frank H.
Dearborn, 24, and Minnie E. Baker,
19, both of Oakland; George Souza,
24, Centerville, and Louisa Nuncs, 20.
Irvington; Charles E. Harnett, 36,
and Carrie A. Xuttall, 34, both of Sac
ramento: Augustus Kempkey Jr., over
21, and Emeline E. Cobbledick, over
18, both of Oakland.
Marriage licenses.
OAXUVND. April S. — Gelhsemane
Chapter of the Rose Croix elected the
following- officers at the Masonic Ca
thedral last evening: T. I. Miller,
master; R. L. rtobinson, senior war
den: II- \V. Adam?. Junior -warden;
Jacob Mueller, treasurer, and J. B.
ilerritt, secretary-
Officers Klccted.
Neither frogs nor . snakes live in
Alaska, but- toads are frequently to be
met with.
out the characteristics from the point of view
of the geologist.
The Agricultural Club of the university has
delegated Samuel Stow, its president, to ad
dress the meeting of agricultural promoters
which meets In Sacramento on April 13. . ujx>n
the subj»ct of a new building for the agri
cultural department. In behalf of which an agi
tation was recently begun. ... »
The youth's sympathies wit> the
rush idea, were well known by his
claissrEales. He felt his prejudices bo
Btrongly hirr.Eelf that he was not sur
prised when he was served with a no
tice purporting to come from the re
corder's office that he had been dis
missed. Subsequently he met a man
on the oamrius who represented him-
Fflf as Professor Cory and this person
upbraided him for hi? conduct.
Crow carried his story to the frcsh
nien and they were for holding a
Fpeeial meeting at once. It was pro
posed to invite Professor Cory before
this meeting and demand an expla
nation of his conduct. This would
have caused trouble for somebody.
A little inquiry, however, developed
that Crow had boon hoaxed. Professor
Cory denied all knowledge of him and
raid be had not been dismissed. Then
Cmw investigated and found that his
note of dismissal had not come from
the recorder at all. In the meantime
he had been away from recitations for
three days.
A pyrppatfcetic interest in the Charter
day ruyh that Professor C. I~ Cory
and his iiolicemcn effectively crushed,
cost John F. Crow, freshman student
and tackle on the freshmen eleven,
three college days and almost involved
bis cl&fTi in an open quarrel with Pro
fessor Cory. Crow did not learn that
H was all a "josh" until he was about
to take the train for his home in Hol
lfster to-day, under the impression
that his« collr-gti career had been for
cvrr ended.
Berkeley OfTivf San Franc-isco Call.
21 <S Center Street. April 5.
ALAMEDA. April 5.— Miss Ella Shreve en
tt-rtalncd a party of friends St her home. 1805
Hanta Clara avenue, last evening. Games,
charades ami dancing were the order of'- the
pastimes.- Among those who participated In
th-5 enjoyment were Miss Hitler. Miss Shreve.
Miss Ella Shreve, Ruth Shreve, Ethyl Brown.
Hazel Holt. Hasel Mount, Mabel Barber, Etl'th
Jtidd, Charlotte, Perry,. Fontaine Benton, Bessl*
I'ratt, Ruey Dexter, Isabelle Frier. Helen Sut
phen. Lucette 7 George, .May - Nason, Roswell
Dague, Edward Allen. . Henry Hlller, Harold
Keys. Norman IV Evelyn. Frank Rue, Ray
mond Perry. Harry - Nason. Edwin Hlller. Ed
win Brush, Chester : Jamison. ; Howard Fassett.
Walter Hovey and' George Phelps. ""
Mr. and, Mrs. • Georffe Leavltt ¦- entertained
the members ' of the Isle City Whist Club at
tl.-eir •home.« 800 pacific avenue; last night.
Thoii present' were Mrs." A. A. Stafford, John
W.-Heldt and Dr.and.Mrs.-L. T. Cranz.
For to-morrow the mest Important event on
this side of the bay Is the musicals which
Mrs. George H. Wheaton will give at the
Home 'Club from 3 to 5. In the evening a
large 'crowd will go to San Francisco to wit
ness the marriage of, pretty Ethel Kent and
Lieutenant Allen at Grace Church. It Is to be
a typical military wedding and all . the plans
are en a most elaborate scale. -
Miss Evelyn Hussey; will entertain a dozen
friends- at luncheon on April- Jft at the St.
Francis In San Francisco. The affair' is to be
in honor of Miss Frances Van Rensselaer, who
is visiting Mips Kendall.. -.{*-.:¦
Miss Estelle Kleeman entertained this after
noon; in honor of Miss Llta Galletln of San
Francisco, who leaves next wee"k for Europe.
Miss Gallattn has a very pleasing voice and is
golngto Europe to place herself -In the care of
the best instructors to be found there:.
John J.' McDonald, a well known attorney of
this city, was mnrried this evening to a San
Francisco girl. MIfs Alice Flynn.* a high school
graduate and a musician of exceptional ability.
Mr. McDonald has practiced law in this city
for the last nine years and has always taken
an active part in political affairs, having been
chairman of the Democratic County Committee
for an extended period. He is a graduato of
St. Mary's College and Of Hastings College of
Law, and is a member of the Athenian Club
and of the !r>eal lodge of Elks.
Mr. and Mrs. McDonald will reside In Oak
land. .
The brilliant affair given by Mrs. Clarence
We.tmore at the e-t. Francis In San Francisco
yesterday -was fitttng In every way to be an
initial Kaster week event. . Seventy-five or
more beautiful women* In "fetching" gowns and
hats aquiver with nil the slory of Paris and
Easter were gathered In the mezzanine draw
ing-room of the splendid new hotel and played
euchre while enjoying their delightful sur
roundinRs. A sweet profusion of ascension lil
ies were effectively arranged about the pretty
apartment. "After the prizes — which were won
by Mrs. Gilbert L. .Curtlss and Mrs. • Charles
Sutton of Oakland and Mrs. Albert Lewis of
San' Francisco — were awarded, the guests were
ushered into the "emplre'dlnlng-room." where
a dainty luncheon was served en a table glow
ing with Beauty of Blazonwood roses. An or
chestra furnished music during the repast.
Mrs. Wetir.ore. was assisted by Ills* Carmen
Sutton. MIsf Evelyn Hussey. Miss Florence
Yates and'Miss'Mabcl Watkins. ; L
¦ . ' • ' • • - ¦ "*"*"
The residence on Fourteenth street was
tastefully decorated* with the season's flowers,
spring blcspoms. woodwardia ferns and oats
mingling with striking effect.
About one hundred guests were present.
• • • . • . . '•;'
Mis* Xendall was assisted In receiving, her
guests by her mother, Mrs. F. I. Kendall. She
woro a dainty gown of soft white silk and
Miss Van Rensselaer, who is a very charming
Southern girl of the brunette type, was also
garbed in white of the same clinging material.
*elaer, was an unusually enjoyable and bril
liant event. It nru an evening . affair and
both men and women of tho social set enjoyed
the game of the hour, five hundred.
¦¦ .¦¦• * I * ¦¦¦ • . ¦ • ¦ • • >
The card, party given by. MIrs Isahelle Ken
dall * In honor', of • her ' guest, * Miss 'Tan Rens-
Another very delightful affair was presided
over by Mrs. John 1'. Maxwell this afternoon',
a Iarjre number of guests enjoying the ever
lwpular tame of five hundred. Mrs. Maxwell
was assisted . in entertaining by Mrs. Fred
W. Morse, Mrs. 8.' H. - Buteau. Mre. James H.
i Balsdon, Mrs. A. F. Mirrlman Jr., Mrs.
i rederlck W. Schultz. Mrs. H. Sidney Kergan.
Mrs. Churchijl Taylor. Miss Evelyn Craig,
Mrs. Edwin Stevenson, Mrs. G.-Erwln Brinck-
e l rh0 ». Misses Rutherford. Mrs. John Charles
Adams, Misses Judson, Mrs. George F. Chev
alier, MIsb Maxwell and Mrs. A. S. Larkey.
Among the invited guests . were : Mrs. Edwin
Rhanklln, Mrs. Edwin Griffiths, "Mrs. . Harold
Lee Martin, Misses Scupham, Misses " Kings
land, Mrs. Charles F. Allardt, Mrs. William
fechrock. Miss Lottie Allardt. Mrs. Fred A.
Allardt, Miss Burrell, Mrs. Henry M. Bull.
Mrs. .J. .Francis Smith, Mrs. William Colby,
airs. Fred Jacobs. Mrs. A. J. Snyder, Mrs.
Milton Bulkley, Mrs. George F. Chevalier,
Mrs. H. Sidney Kergan. . Misses Judson,
Missea Fortin, Miss Welhelmina Koenlg, Mrs.
Fied \\ inchehter, Mrs. .Roy Mauvais, Mre.
George Tyson.. Miss Worley, Mies Charlotte El
sc-y. Miss Maude Pope, Mrs. A.. A. Denlson,
MUs .Harriet Emma Knijrht. Mrs. Walter
Henry. Mrs. McLnuclain, Miss Robbing," Mrs.
Rising, Miss Mabel Gray.; Miss Elisabeth
Gray, Mi.-ses Hunt.. Mrs. Edward A. Howard,
Mrs. Phetiherd J. . Jenks. Ml»» Maxwell, MIS3
Lucy Maxwell, Mrs. Dudley Klnaoll, Mrs. Us-
Sf mi Lltchneld. Mrs. A. S. Larkey, i Misses
Miller, Misses Minor,. Mrs. " Pomeroy, Mrs),
•annon. Misses Downey. : Mrs. ¦ Hummal, Miaa
Pauline _j Collins, ,Miss Florence Stuart, Mre.
Edwin Stevenson. Mrs.- Frederick \\V SchuIU,
Mrs. E. B.' Weilbye. Mrs. Ernest P. Boyer,
oirs.-Jioyer, Mrs. Louise Allender," Mrs.? Frank
B. Osden. Mrs. Frederick W. Knight, Mrs.
A - JT- : Merrlman Jr.. Mrs. M. K. Miller. Mrs.
Shelby Martin,. Mrs. Fred : Wellington Morse,
Mrs. J. Emmet Nicholson. Miss i Marguerite
Olces?. Mrs. Ralrh Coxheaa. Mrs. ' George S.
Mered.th, Mrs. Harry H. Thomas,; Mrs. How
ard E. Robbins. t Ml8» ! M McFarland,
MlFses Rutherford, • Mrs. Churchill - Taylor,
Mrs. ¦ Adolph Uhl, Mrs: William W. Worden.
Mrs.-Frank' J. -Woodward. Mni. .Frank H.
woson, Mrs. John Clay . Hampton, Mrs.. G.
Erwin BrinckerhofT. Mrs. Edward von Adelungp
Mrs. Reth Mann, Mra.- Jessie Crnlg. Mrs. Wil
liam E. Milwaln, Miss Bartlett, Mrs. Frederick
C CHft. Mrs.- Horace Hr Watson, Mrs. Charles
J. O.- Evan*. Mrs. ¦ GeorgVW. : Manuel. Mm:
S. -H. Buteau, Misses /Brelllng, , Mrs. Ernest It.
Folr^r. Mrs. Charles E. Cotton, ¦ Mrs. John
F. Conners, Mrs. -Ernest J. Cotton. Mrs. Fred
B. Dallam, Mrs. Oliver Ellsworth. Misses Me-
Graw, Mrs. clarence Gray, Mrs. James'Ham
ilton Balsdon, Mrs: GalMn and Mrs. Henry
Martin. - .. . . %.,.¦ .:-¦.¦!.-
To-day four large card parties divided the
social bet, the most brilliant afternoon affair,
probably, being the' entertainment at which
Mrs. Montell Taylor was hoateea at her pretty
little home on Mprrimac street. | Mrs. Taylor
was formerly Miss Pauline I>ohse, one of tho
most popular girls in Oakland, and the affair
to-day is the first of importance given since
her marriage, and also the first of a series
she has planned.
Among tho invjled guests from San Fran
cisco were MIfs Sara Drum, the Misses Buck
ley, Mrs. Lester Hcrrlck, Miss Edith McCabe
and Mrs. Harry Fair.
Guests from Oakland Included MIbs Raw
lings, Miss Gasklll. Miss Garthwalte, Mrs. Ru
dolph, Mrs. Frank. Baldwin, Miss Valentine,
Mrs. RosfjifelJ, the Misses Nicholson Mrs.
Harry Thomas, Mrs. Irving Lundborg, Mrs.
Henry Nicholis Mrs. Benjamin. Mrs. Felton
Taylor, Mrs. Chutchlll Taylor, Mrs. Wlckham
Havens, Mrs. Oscar Gowlng, Miss Klmball, tho
Mi.-*es Fore, Miss Ch«bot, Miss Hush, Mr*.
Waldron, Mrs. Koscr. Mrs. George Hammer,
Mrs. Robert Fitzgerald, Miss Taft Mrs. Edes.
Miss Crellln. Mrs. Joseph Chanslor. the
Miiiocs Oliver, Miss Conners, Mrs. John F.
Conners, Mies Pope, Mrs. Will Watt. Mis* Sin
clair, Miss Mahony, Mrs. Herbert Mofiitt, Mrs.
Jchn Hampton Lynch, Mxs. E. R. Folger, Mrs
Irving Burrell. Mrs. Lee Burnham, Mrs. Wil
liam fchiels, Mrs, Shelby Martin, Mrs. Francis
Mrs. Charles E. Parcells, Mrs. de Golla, Mrs.
Aliender, the Misses. Young, Mrs. Adams, Mrs.
J. Loran Pease. Miss Lohae, Mrs. Barton, Mrs.
Judi?on, Ml.ss Bosnle Palmer, Mrs. John Clay
Hamilton Mi s. Stone, Mlsa Leigh, the Aliases
Brown, Miss Barker, Miss Grace Holt, . Miss
Edith Selby. •
OAKLAND. April .V— -Lent, with Its .somber
suggestion*, is already forgotten, and society,
in glad, new raiment and with revived spirit,
haa once more taken up the merry round of
pleasure* Maids and matrons alike have been
submerged with bids to teas, card parties and
weddings until the popular one finds herself In
a dilemma to choose from the goodly array.
Easter week Is crowded with promising events,
each day vying with the other in brilliantly
planned affairs. " ,
SOCIETY. EVENTS IN THE BAY CITIES.
Professor A. C. Lawson • and fifty students
of the mining department have gone to Grass
Valley for the purpose of spending ten days In
vtudy of the geological character of the earth
In that vicinity. The party will walk across
the country, and Prof error Lawson^ will point
The association gave a v*-ry successful din
ner on Charter day. The officers of the club
arc A. W. Ransome f 9«. president, and II. \V.
Corbett 'OS, secretary, the latter's address be
ing ol Union Square, NewTork. City. Mr.
Corbett has succeeded in gathering the names
and addresses of the following alumni, living in
and about New York: Walter Allen, Percy
Boardwell, Ira C. Boss. Arthur Brown Jr..
Professor A. S. Cook, Llnwood Clark Victor
Carroll. H. W. : Corbett. W. K. Crawl ord,
Raymond Carier," Harry J. Vf, Dam. James L.
dt Fremery, E. Flammer. W. A. Fine. Julius
Gregory, E. N. Henderson, James Hopper.
Wendell Jackson, Charles F. Kinsman, R. H.
l»udlow, E. M. " Leventritt, Professor Lever
more, Samuel E. Motlett, Dr. L.. D. Mead,
Stephen Mather. Charles Palache, T. S.
Palmer. H. M. Parker, i.ni>.-at R. Rogers. John
R. Robinson Jr.." A. W. Ransome. Professor
Joslah Royce. Professor Francis Stoddart, S.
J. StypheriH. Arthur I. Street. "A. Schwabacher.
LJoyd N. Scoit. E. C. Stevens, R. W. Tullv,
R. F. Tucker. Emil White, O. T. Wedemeyer.
¦\V. A. Woods and C. Y. Wang. !
' Astronomer R. II. Tucker of the Lick Ob
servatory will deliver the first of • a series of
lectures Tuesday evening In the Students' Ob
servatory. His subject will be. "The Measure
of on Arc." Him second lecture will be slven
on Thursday at 1 1 o'clock, on "The.LJck Ob
servatory Star Catalogues."
ThBr Chemistry Fiends' Association has nomi
nated the following officers for the coming
term: For arch fiend. Miss Ethel Jones; cus
todians of-the coffee pot. Miss Harriet Smythe
and Miss Ruby Wade; scribe to the fiend. Miss
Elizabeth Wilson, . The election of officers will
be held in two weeks* and the election booth is
to be ker>t open a week. so. that the electors
will have plenty of time In which to cast their
votes.
BERKELEV, April 5.— Alumni of the
University or, California will be Interested .to
know that the alumni cf the university res
iding in New York have formed an orgat*.za
tlon of t'.iclr own. The cbject of the asso
ciation is eimply to bring together at an In
formal monthly dinner the men formerly as
sociated In the college, to enteretain and to
meet and entertain professors and other dig
nitaries of the univeiFlty who may be visiting
in New York. At some future time the asso
ciation hopes to secure a room of its own in
some centrally located grill, w^ere the monthly
dinners will be held and papers and all sorts
of literature will be on hand. >
1 SCENES AT THE DEDICATION YESTERDAY OF THE PROVIDENCE HOSPI
* TAT. IN OAKLAND, WHICH WAS EUKCTED BY THE SISTERS OK PROVI
DESCCB, ARCHBISHOPS RIORDAN AND MONTGOMERY PARTICIPATING.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
The new hospital is located at the
corner of Broadway and T\venty r eighth
street- and is a frame structure, four
stories in height, .with a high base
ment. It has a frontage on Broadway
of about 275 feet and the outline of the
building is very irregular, which al
lows nearly every room to be lighted
by two or more windows. .The build
ing is lighted by electricity and is
heated by steam, which is generated
in a building separated from the main
structure, which makes, the hospital
proper absolutely safe from any, dan
ger of fire from within.
. I wish to express a word of thanks to the
eistere for their great enterprise, which I
trust will be of lasting benefit to Greater
Oakland. 1 can well appreciate the value of
such an institution, for once, when a young
man. I was nursed through a long. Illness by
the ¦ sisters of the Catholic church. I. lane
great pleasure In extending to Providence Hos
pital a welcome on behalf of the city of
Oakland. '.¦=*.; **V> ¦ ¦
Mayor Olney on behair of the city
of Oakland extended a welcome to the
new hospital in a brief address, in
which he said in part:
This institution, the. result of years of labor
by the Sisters of Providence, is worthy of
support from all classes of people, for here
may come all who are ill, regardless of color
or of creed, and great good may be accom
plished by the endowment by wealthy people
of rooms or beds for the use of those who
are unable to pay for flrst-class attendance
in time of Bickness. I hope that those who
can will aid in this work for humanity and
will shara their abundance of the goods of
this world that this Institution may be the
ixwans of helping the poor and needy.
Dr. Adams described in detail the
equipment and furnishings of the ope
rating room and wards, and. was fol
lowed by Judge Melvin, who in a brief
address complimented the Sisters of
Providence on their great work. Judge
Melvin said:
- - It seems to me that all that can possibly
be Bald has already been said by the speak
ers who have preceded me. and it seema a
hopeless ', task to try to tell anything more.
However, I will say that in the future "Greater
Oakland may well be proud of Providence
Hospital."
WELCOME BY 3IAYOK.
.The exercises opened at 3 o'clock,
City Attorney J. E. McElroy presiding.
The blessing was given by Archbishop
Riordan, and was followed by the dedi
catory address by Archbishop Mont
gomery, who said In part:
It gives me groat pleasure to dedicate this
magnificent structure, which will henceforth
bo known as Providence Hospital, to the pur
pose for which it has been erected, and I
wish to express my thanks and the thanks of
the clergy to the Sisters of Providence and
also to the physicians of this city who have
t&ken bo much interest In this great enter
prise. It is a well-known fact that hospitals
of a private or semi-private character are
more generally successful than those operated
by municipal or county governments, for too
often in public Institutions politics Is given
precedence over the healing of the sick.
Lc-ng before the hour at which the
exercises were to'begtnVthe building
was crowded with visftors from both
sides of the bay, who inspected the ope
rating rooms, wards and private rooms,
all of which are equipped and furnished
with the most modern appliances.
BLKSSING BY ARCHBISHOP.
OAKLAND, April 5.— Providence Hos
pital, erected by the Sisters of Provi
dence, and which has Just been com
pleted, was formally dedicated this aft
ernoon by Most Rev. Archbishop Rior
dan, assisted by Most Rev. Archbishop
Montgomery and a large number of
Catholic clergymen, public officials and
prominent laymen cf San Francisco
and Oakland. After the invocation and
blessing by Archbishop Riordan and
the dedicatory address by Archbishop
Montgomery short addresses were de
livered by Mayor Olney, Judge Henry
A. Melvin, City Attorney J. E. McEi
roy and Dr. Frank L. Adams. Music
was furnished by the quartet of St.
Francis de Sales Church, assisted b'y
a choir of the sisters and pupils of
Sacred Heart Convent.
Attorney Church said that his clients
were very much dissatisfied with the
situation. They are hopeful that the
ordinance will be sustained in the
courts, jbut a long lepal fight will be
necessary to settle the controversy.
Meanwhile the crematory people fear
the scavengers will continue In busi
ness and that a small percentage of
the total garbage accumulations will
find its way into the incinerating fur
naces, where, the company declares,
the law says it shall go.
Concerning the Board of Health's at
titude, Inspector Gemmel paid: "I have
been notified that the arrests alVeady
made are sufficient for a test of the law.
I shall make no more unless orders are
issued to carry on the arrests wherever
scavengers are found collecting garb
age."
Attorney. L. S. Church, who. repre
sents .the incinerating company, has
been busy in an effort to force further
arrests. He- asserts that the new. law
is . being steadily violated, that the
scavengers are collecting garbage, that
they are paying no attention to the ex
istence cf. the crematory, and are evi
dently preparing to fight every move
thatshall be made to put them out of
business.
The Foard of Health and the Pacific
Incinerating Company, which holds the
contract for the disposal of the munici
pality's garbage, are at loggerheads. It
is because tho Health Department has
ceased enforcing the new garbage ordi
nance after arresting two scavengers
for collecting refuse that the crema
tory company feels aggrieved. The cor
poration people declare that the law
will avail them - little if prosecution
cease at this juncture.
On the other hand, the Health De
partment inspectors assert that for, the
purposes of testing the, law,, the .two
arrests that have been made are suffi
cient and will serve the. purpose fully
as well as if 100 scavengers were ar
rested.
Oakland Office San Francisco. Call.
111S Broadway, April 5.
Crematory People Say the
Prosecution Should Not
Be Abated at This Time
ALAMEDA, April 5.— Miss Marie
Kngle is still at the home of her em
pioyer, F. N. Delanoy. 2161 Central ave
nue. She i» being attended by her par
ents and will leave with them to-mor
row for their home in Stockton. Since
the young woman has been informed
of what her supposed friend;; have said
about her she has been very despond
ent and keenly feels the reflections that
the scandal has brought upon her.
"My daughtter did not intend to say
anything of that kind. She has been
ill for a long time and did not know
what she vras doing. We are all
grieved very much, and she more than
the rrft cf us. She tried to retract it,
but it was too late. Mrs. Fargo is still
a guest at my house."
Mrs. Lucy McDonald, the waitress at
Mrs. Hutchins' place, is seeking vindi
cation, too. She does not want the
stigma of falsehood to rest upon her,
and she declares that all she has said is
the truth. She wishes particularly to
emphasize the statements in regard to
her interview with Miss Engle, in which
Mrs. McDonald says Miss Engle told
her that Bulkeley had ruined her life
by his talk. She does not understand
why Miss Engle sbouid deny saying
this. <]
Mrs. Hutchins wins shown this state
ment to-night, but v she refused to say
anything in reply. She said that her
niece was laboring under a misappre
hension, else she would not have as
sailed her in that uncompromising
manner. She said:*'
I deeply regret that, solely throujrb Mrs.
Hutrhins. this unenviable notoriety has beca
brought upon vs. MKS. I. U. FARGO.
In justice to Mr. Lrwis Bulkrlcy. I- should
like to add a few words to the statement made
abma him by Mrs. Hutchins. When 1 nrst
cam.* t<> the WaJworth last September with my
daughter. Marjorie Fargo, ilrs. Hutcbin<» in
ppeaklrg of an episode in Mr. Bulkeley'* life,
when he was only 17 years of age, told me that
be had boon more finned against thin sinning
She also jyjid that he had always be<>n gentle
manly in her hcuso, and th&t though *bf> had
b. en much troubled by college ."indents ua
boardPrs. he had given hrr no trotblr. She
ppoke of him in complimentary trrms to my
(Uiughtrr alwx After Mr. Bulkeley anl my
daughter bwanf better acquainted Mrs. Hutrh
in* U'gan talking to mo constantly of things
dercgatcry to his character. So much was i-aij
that I asked Mr. Hulkeloy if l could t-peak to
his guardian about them. He said that he
¦would be giad to have me do so. 1 had an in
terview with his guardian and he sa'.l that the
rtatemrms wvrc entirely without foundation
He spoke highly cf hie ward and taid he con
sidered him a young man of procure.
The statement made by airs. Hulchlns that
ftif sought an Interview with Mr. liulkeley
upon hearing of his engagement is untrue • The
interview was Fought by him and was In refer
ence to a letter belonging to him which had
b«en detained by her. She was insulting and
overhearing to him and the detention of the
loiter was the direct cause of his leaving the
house. Arter Sir. BulkHey hail left the house
Miss Engic the young lady who attempted
WJioide, rnade. this statement to me: "Airs.
Kargr>_ l feave bocn In this house a year while
Mr. JSulkeiey ha* been here and I have never
wen anything wrong in htm. 1 thlnic he is a
F'»d young man." Miss Kngle told iry daugh
ter that she thought ilr. Hu'keley incapable of
the d-shcnorable actions Mrs. Hutchins accused
him of. and told her not to mind what was be
ing Mid. She seemed perfectly sincere and
truthful ard we never thought of dirubting her.
To the be.«:t of my knowledge, the interview
botwpen MIfs Kngle and Mrs. McDonald was
sought, not by Miss Kngle. but by Mrs. Mo
I.viiiiUI. at Mrs. Hutchins' euggrmUon. and was
in regard to a matter about which Mira Rngle
never sbouid have been troubled. Though Miss
Engle'« statement of yesterday completely ex
onerate* Mr. lJalkclcy. I tboughv it only right
that 1 should state what I know to be the facts
in the case.
Mrs. Fargo's attack takes the form of
a commuication to. the press, and in
this Fhe docs not hesitate to assail Mrs.
Hutchins 1 actions in dealing with
young: Bulkeley. She does not even
stop at impaeching the lady's veractiy,
and one of her statements she char
acterizes as "absolutely untrue." She
declares that Mrs. Hutchins' demeanor
toward Bulkeley was unkind and over
bearing; that she took the liberty of
detaining his private letters; that the
motive for her opposition to Bulkeley
was the engagement of lier grandniece,
Miss Fargo, to him. Finally she pays
that the interview of Mrs. Lucy Mc-
Donald with Mi?s Engle on Friday last
was sought at the suggestion of Mrs.
Hutchinr. not of Miss Engle, as Mrs.
Hutchins has slated. Here is what Mrs.
Fargo £ays:
». ¦' .. , — .
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
t 214S Center Street, April 5.
Now comes Mrs. I. L. Fargo to the
resruc of Lewis E. Bulkeley, the
affianced of her daughter and the yuoth
whose innocent love affair so nearly
had deaih for its sequel. In behalf of
Bulkeley and her daughter. Miss Mar
jorie Fargo, and Miss Marie Engle, the
grirl wl» attempted suicide, Mrs. Fargo
to-day submitted a scathing denuncia
tion of Mrs. A. A. Hutchins, her aunt,
for publication.
Jn 31rs. A. A. Hutdiins She
Sees Cause of 3liss Engle'i
Attempt to Take Own Life
Alamedn. County.
Jacob Herman Company (corporation) to
Claus EngrelUnd (married) lota 4O to *-. Ai
*tn Tract. Brooklyn Township; *1O. ¦ '
A. Roy Harrison to Nettle Harrison <*¦"*>.
lot* I to ft, map of Nettie Harrison Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $10. "I. r "*
Frank W. Marston to Abbte M. Marston
(widow) lot on N line of Santa Clara avenue.
13V. 15 E of St. Charles street. E 20 by N 115.
beins E 30 feet of lot 86. Enctnal ParK Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $10. . ' ¦•'
Eugene E. Trefethen to John J. Sullivan.
assigns all Interest In estate of Michael Sul
livan and all interest acquired tinder Q Mia*.
records page 75, March 20. '03. quitclaim
deed; $75. . ;
Continental Building - and Loan Association
to Margaret U D. B. Hinu, lots 20 and 21 in
•uMlvision E. map Frultvale. Terminal Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10. '
Mary and Frits Michel (hUBband) to Herman
Voight. lot on NB line of John street. 64 SE
of Howe, SE «1 by NE 100, portion lot 7. block
8,' Map or plan Howe Tract. Oakland; $10."
Abbie i.. and Alice M. Marston (both single)
to Rortr Sherman Day. locon JT line of E»3t
Twenty-flrat street, 435 E of Twenjy-flrst ave
nue, N 110 by W 36. block 67. Northern'Addi
tion. East Oakland; $10.
F. D. Cornell (single) to Carrie J. Greeue
fwife of S. A.). lot beginning at Intersection
of East Oakland avenue, as per ordinance 2225.
wirti S line of lot 4-A. block B. Oakland Vi-w
Hemestead. etc.. S along said line of said ave
nue no, E 113. N 5O. W 11% Oakland; $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Hel
wig L. Haelke. lot In cemetery, Oakland Town
ship; $28.
Robert and Harriet Melville (wife) to Janet
E. Mason (single), lot on N line of Prine
street, 82.33 W of Harper, W 40. N 122. E
3».8«. S 118.91, block 8. Central Park Tract.
Berkeley: $100. . .
O. O. and Eliza B. May «wlfe> to Daniel B.
Pingree. lot on E lin« of Walnut street, 211 V
of Rose N 45 by E 135, portion lots 5 and 6.
block 22. Map property of N. Byrne in Berkeley
Villa -Tract. Berkeley; $10. '" i"^ * . ,
Thoma* Augustus Sweeney (widower) to. Ad
dle G. Brodrick, lot on SE corner of Rose an-J
Cypre«» streets. E 45 by S 125. lot 1. Amended
Map Sweeney Tract. Berkeley; $10.
H B. and Luna Griffith. John and Sephi*
Elder and H. L, Whipple (by Herbert F. Pat
terson. commissioner) to Continental Buuains
and Loan Association, lot on SW corner rf
Santa Clara and Versailles avenues. W 141 by
S 16, lot 14, block ». map part Hay» & Caper
ton property. Alameda; $22iX>.
John and Maria Becanne iwife) to WlllUm
T. Lccke (single), lot on N tine of Buena. Vista
avenue, ]&4:tf W of Stanford avenue. W 46 br
N 147 :fl. lot b, block 3, map resubdlvlsion
blocks 1 to o, Iand3 adjacent to Encinal. Ala
meda; $10.
- Agnes Borland (widow) to William J. Roth. -.,
lot on E line of Summit street. 132 N of Twen- J
ty-eighth or Merrimac. N 45 by E &9.05. belrs
B 7 feet of lot 16 and N -IS feet of lot 17, map
Borland property. Oakland: $10.
Paulina and Henry I-- Smith <busband> to T.
A. Ma*on. lot on E line of First avenue at
SW corner, lot 3. block B. map blocks A. B.
C in Vernon Park, thence from beginning N"
33:4 by E 115. Oakland; $10.
S.-'W. and Jpnnie N. Fuller (wife) to John
J. Perry, lot on N lino cf Seventh street op
Railroad avenue. 150 E of Kirkham. E 2* by tt
147.WJ, block 5^5, Boardman's map. Oakland;
$10.
\V. B. and Frances A. Clark (wife) to Charles
Sumner (single), lots SS and 8&. Drexler Tract.
Oakland: $10.
Fanny McLaughlin «.MngU> to Burnside F.
and Emma L. Diehl. lot on E corner of Sixth
avenue and East Fifteenth street. NE ICO by
SE 60. block 72. Clinton. East' Oakland; $10.
Anna C. and Frit* Hafcrr ihusband) to Helen
Smith (wife of J. George), lot en NW line of
Adeline street. S7.00 S of Forty-flmt, SW
18O.S0. SB 108.SO. NE 113.10. NE ¦ B5.2U. SW
12S.3N. ttVf W>. NK 15>*.o«, NE 14 to beginning,
portion lots 7-^.V in H. C. Dohr's HomestcaU.
Emeryville. Oakland Town*ip: $3.
Helen and J. VJeorze Smith (husband) to
Anna C. Hahn (wife of Fritz), lot on S lin*
of Forty-first street. 21t:10W from NW line
of Adeline. SW 15 by SE 73. portion lot 7-.\,
s.imo Oakland Township; $5.
John H. Cameron (single) to Charles Bou
drcw lot on E Una of Louisa street. 850 It
of Vlrsinla. N 50 by E 135. lot 20. block A.
Kr.reka Homestead. Berkeley; $100.
' Rosa Clark (wldow> to Thomas Clark (son),
lot on SE corner of Fourth street and Uni
versity avenue. E 50 by S 100. lot 1. bloc*
t»4. tract B. Berkeley L. and T. I. Assocla
tirn. Berkeley; gift. •-• .¦¦¦¦¦¦; ¦* 4>
Mary A. and Thomas L. Perry to Lillie 1 >ij
Mcran lot on S line of Falrview street. 4i*»
E of 'Calais. S 1S5. E 92:2. N 135:4%, TV
102:« !ot» 1» and 20, block D, Harmon Tract.
etr\. 'Berkeley; $10.
Lillie G. and W. C. Moran (husband) t >
Nathan and M*y Pushle. lot on S line vZ
Falrvlew street. 434:2 E of Calais. E 34:-_\
S 135:4, more or less, to point on S boundary
line of lot 20. distant- 11 :5 1-3 E from SW
corner of said lot. W 30:8 2-3, N t35:2 io
beginning, portions lots 19 and 20. block L».
same. Berkeley: $10.
Same to C. H. Daniels, lot at . intersection
of S line 'of Fairvlew street with line dividing
Harmon Tract from Regen Street Homestead,
thence along nald dividing line S 135:4?;. W
30:8 2-3. N i3T«:4. etc:. E ?A:Z. being E portnn
lot 20. block V. same. Berkeley: $10.
Same to O. M. Jones, lot on S line of Fair
view street. 4C0 E of Calais. S 135, E 30:3 2-*S.
N 135:2. W 34:2. being W portion of lot 19.
block D same. Berkeley; $10.
B. H. Grllflns (trustee of A. R. Denk?.
barkrupt) to E. M. Derby & Co. (corporation",
all interest In lot on N, line of Halght avenue.
100 E of Seventh street (Webster). E 90 by
N 63. Alameda; $20. X.
E. M. Derby & Co. (corporation) to Robert
S. Grant, same. Alameda; $10.
REAL EOTATE TRANSACTIONS.
CKUSADE IS .DORMANT
LOSES THREE
COLLEGE DAY'S
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Inroad way. Aprii 5.
While su-ivlag to pet possession
throush l ho courts of c fortune valued
ti I1M.OJJ0 'e'l br bis pa:t:ns. Joseph
Jiellwaine wsr stricken \r:th an attack
of heart discsxe Ju the courtroom to
day, ami lor = lime it was feared he
\\nuld sever survive to carry on the
fipht ho had brsun. Botv.-een him and
a fortur.r stand the tv«-o wills of his
parents, by whom he was disinherited.
It is alleged h? is sick and in want.
Jos*» M< rllwalnc died last July and
3*ft his prorrrty to J. EL Jellett. in
trust, the income to go to the widow,
and at nor death the entire estate to go
to the tbree Eisners of the deceased., liv
ins in the East. Mrs. Mcllwaine only
survived hrr husband a few months
and the only will left by her was one
iradp s^vera! year? ago, in which she
'«!s=o made the ihrer sisiers of her late
husband the residuary legatees. Both
¦w iMs Wt the son unprovided for. It is
claimed on the part of the opposition
that Mcllwaine was dissipated and.
brought the displeasure of the father
nr<on himself.
In Mcllwaine"s brhalf, however, it is
stated that th^re was a clause in the
iEther's will directing Jellett. if he
thought fit. to Rive the son what money
h" needed. Attorney Abe L«cach says
the. trustee has evinced a disposition to
Jet the son starve. Money to buy a $25
Mill" of olotbr? to attend the mothers
funeral was denied him and he is de
j^ndem oa Dr. Frnr.k I* Adams and a
11 rs. Kemp for his support. In the
meantime he is at death's door.
A content has been started in his be
half to set cstd« the will of the mother
on the ground that she was incompe
tent to make one. If he can win this, it
¦will entitle b:m to half of the estate
and he will then be :n a position to at
tack the will of the father.
The irial of the case this morning
was put over urtil May 3. lirsTnediately
afterward the contestant had the at
tack of heart failure and Dr. Adams
tv»s hastily summoned and the patient
conveyed to his home.
left No Share of $150,000
Estate of Parents, Though
He Is Sick and in Want
FIGHTING FOR FORTUNE
ATTACKS HER'OWX AUNT
'Health Officials Stop Ar
rests After Two Scavengers
1 Are Taken Into Court
Mrs. I. L. Fargo' Vindicates
Actions of Lewis BuUkeley.
Prospective Son - in -"Law
J. Mclhvaiue. AVhile Con
* testing Will of Mother. At
tacked by Heart Failure
Fine New Hospital Erected by Sisters of Providence Is Formally
Dedicated, Archbishops Riordan ancj- Montgomery and Mayor
Olney Assisting in Ceremony of the Opening: of the Institution
DO NOT CHECK
GARBAGE MEN
NEARLY DIES
IS COURTROOM
CHAMPIONS HER
CHILD'S FIANCE
NUNS' NOBLE WORK CROWNED
WITH GRATIFYING SUCCESS
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, /A^RIL ,6, : V 1904.
4
ADVEBTISEMZNTS.
Dyspepsia
and other -stomach trouble*
quickly relieved and in 'most cases
surely cured by the use of
This scientific eermicide is abso-
lutely harmless; it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mem-
brane of the stomach," and by re-
moving the cause, effects a cure.
Used and tecommended by leading phy-
sicians. -TaJ..c no substitute and see that
each bottle bcxrt my signature. • Trialsize,
•1.OO, at druggists orcy mail, from
610 Prince 3t - " . * New Vork.
Send /or Booklet Cote to' TYtaf Diseases.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
COUNTY
OAKLAND.
11J8 Broadvray.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street, i iy\
Telephone North 11 '.
ALAMEDA.
14*5 Park Street. : . .
' Telephone fllf"""** 45M.Results in New Mexico.
GAMBLING THE ISSUE.
Knights of the Green Cloth Defeated
in Idaho Towns.
BOISE,. Idaho, April 5.— Town and
city" elections .held throughout
Idahoi to-day; excepting in Boise and
Lewiston. .In nearly all places the ij
sues were .local, the chief one being
that of enforcing the: law against gam
bling.' So-far as heard from, the anti
gambling candidates have won quits
generally.. > .
•In Southern. Idaho party tickets were
run, in^Pocatello, ; Idaho. Falls and Rex
burg. ' In the 1 latter place the Demo
'crats'elected the Mayor and the Repub
licans, gof all the other places. At Po
catello the elected every
candidate except Treasurer.
COAST ARTILLERY WILL .
WS'M'^T SAIL FOR PHILIPPINES
Transport-; .Sailing:'." From Manila in
April Will Brins Two Companies
From Honolulu.
; , WASHINGTON, April 5.-— The War
Department' has announced that the
Twenty-eighth and "'Ninety-second
companies: of. Coast: t Artillery will sail
on; the -.transport .leaving. San Fran
cisco on April ; 30* for"; the Philippines
and' that Ihe : Fifty-sixth and Sixty
seventh ?. companies 'will sail from
Honolulu for San Francisco on ; the
transport; sailing from Manila April
15 next. V '
Speycr & Co.'s Loan "Approved.
; .HAVANA, C April.: 5.— At'/'ai special
meeUng^fof-'^he^CablnetVitb-dayv^the
documents in^connection!with^tne loan
of • $35,000,000 , taken : by '¦ Speyer & Co. of
New < York I were* approved.
WASHINGTON, April 5.— The Dis
trict, of Columbia' Court of Appeals to
day sustained .Justice Pritchard, of the
Criminal . Court, in .holding that the
statutes to' punish conspiracy/covers
the charges ' made 1 in the - jridictmerit
against' former Assistant General Ty
ncrand former- Law Clerk H. J. Bar
rett of the, .Postofflce, .Department.
These' indictments were returned, as the
result 'of '.the ' : pbstkr investigations/
The Appellate Court holds that any
willful or^corrupt. misconduct of an offi
cial that operates to, impair, the admin
istration of the department's affairs
"works a' wrong to 'the United States."
and does them 'substantial injury.
Opinion Holds That Statute Applying
to Conspiracy Applies lo Two
Postofrice Indictments.
IIIGH_COURT SUSTAINS
V ;:i JUSTICE PRITCHARD'S VIEW
WASHINGTON. April 5. — Post
master General Payne, who has been
skk for several weeks, was able to at
tend the meeting of the 'Cabinet to
day, r.-v" r
Postmaslcr General Is Well.
INDIANAPOLIS. April 5. — At the
State Convention of Prohibitionists
her* to-day a "boom" was started for
a national ticket, composed of Genernl
Nelson A. Miles for President and
Felix T. McWhirter of Indiana for Vice
President. »
Miles' "Boom" I* Launched.
OMAHA. April 5.— Municipal elec
tions were held in Nebraska to-day,
except in Omaha. The issue generally
was license or no license. The cam
paign in South Omaha was hotly con
tested on party, lines. Returns re
ceived indicate that the Democrats
have elected Thomas Hoctor Mayor,
with the remainder of the ticket Re
publican. A large majority of the out
side towns, reporting thus far have
voted for high license.
LINCOLN, Neb., April 5.— The Re
publicans elected their city ticket to
day by majorities ranging' from 600 to
1100. The proposition to vote bonds
for a municipal lighting plant carried.'
Lincoln, the Home of Bryan, Gives a
Republican Majority.
IN NEBRASKA CITIES.
CHICAGO, April 5.— Dramatic acting
In the schoolroom as a'. means. .of edu
cating, the children in history, litera
ture and ethical truths is the novel ped
agogical method recommended by Mrs.
Emmons Blalne in an article on "The
Dramatic in Education," which appears
in the April number of the Elementary
School Teacher. Mrs. Blaine holds that
the 'dramatic instinct is strong in chil
dren, arid that' by -careful training it
may be made "a'power to construct in
them stronger and" better men. and wo
men, with clearer images and finer
thoughts." This dramatic instinct,
however, Mrs. Blaine would have work
ed out by the children themselves in
schoolroom plays. ¦ She'says that there
are few things on the stage at the pres
ent time that^children should see or
hear,' and suggests that the theaters
set aside afternoons for plays
to be given for the school children.
Mrs. Enimons Blainc Would Intro
duce Method to Teach History
and Literature.
POWER OF DRAMATIC
ACTING FOR, CHILDREN
The American .consumers of Philip
pine products will be the greatest suf
ferers, next to the Filipinos them
selves, by the operation ' of the laws,
according to the • report. As hemp is
one of the, principal products, the
users of hemp, such as binders' twine,
the report says, will pay the increased
rates that will be charged under .the
WASHINGTON. April 5.— The views
of the Democratic members of the
House Committee on Merchant Marine
and Fisheries, including Representa
tives Spight, Small, Davis, McDermott,
Golden and Lucking, on the bill ex
tending the coastwise laws to the Phil
ippines July.l, 1905. were filed in the
House to-day. ...-.'
Democratic Members of Committee
Say Americans and Filipinos Will
Suffer by . Operation.
OPPOSE EXTENSION
OF COASTWISE LAWS
•'Scenic Treasures of. California."
Most complete souvenir book issued.
Price 75c. "Mexican , Hand Carved
Stationery." 50c per box. Sanborn. Vail
& Co.. 741 Market st. •
SANTO DOMINGO, Monday. April 4.
The United States cruiser Detroit has
arrived from Colon. Commander Dil
lingham will take charge of affairs in
Dominican waters, having recently
had a similar position on the north
coast of the republic, where he gained
the confidence of all parties in the re
public and -of the foreign residents.
The city is quiet and there is Rome
improvement in business. ; 1'_v
Commander Dillinzlinm Will Imme
diately Take Charge of Affairs in
Dominican Waters.
CRUISER DETROIT IS
AT SANTO DOMINGO
TACOMA, "Wash., April 5.— The city
elections to-day resulted in a mixed
victoryr The Democrats elected George
P. Wright Mayor and four Council
men, and the Republicans Controller,
Treasurer and four Councilmen.
Mixed Victory at Tacoma.
DUTCH FLAT, April 6. — Edward
Mallows, for forty years a resident of
this place, died suddenly this morning.
He was engaged in the hotel business.
Dutch Flat Hotel-Keeper Dead.
ST. PETERSBURG. April 5.—Ro
mors have reVched hera which, how
ever, are unconfirmed, to th« effect
that a small antl- Jewish disturbance
has taken place at Gomel, in -which
about 100 Jews were attacked.
A free fight resulted, and, according
to the reports, some Jewish butchers
drew their knives and wounded four
Christians.
Several Jewish stores were destroyed,
but there were no fatalities.
English Duty on Petroleum.
LONDON, April 6.— The Dally Mall
says there is reason to believe that in
the forthcoming budget Austen Cham
berlain, the Chancellor of the Excheq
uer, will propose an import duty on
petroleum and petroleum products—
probably a penny per gallon.
Prince Ernest Is Dead.
BERLIN, April 5.— Prince Ernest of
Leiningen died at Amerbach, Bavaria,
to-day, aged 74.
She looked so clean — so absolutely
spotless — that we knew she had made
the jourr.ey on the Santa Fe.
"The oiled track and oil-burning en
gines make no dust, smi»ke or cinders,"
she explained; "the Santa Fe is the
Cl^an Way: I always travel Santa Fe."
Everybody should know about Santa
Fe cheap rates to the St. Loufs World's
Fair. If interested, ask about them at
641 Market street. San Francisco. •
The Clean Way.
One Hundred Hebrews Are
Attacked by an Angry
3Iob in the Town of Gomel
KANSAS CITY, April 5. — Elections
for. minor, offices were held * in the
larger cities of Kansas to-day. In To
peka, Lawrence and Wichita, Kans.,
the Republicans elected all of their
candidates and in Leavenworth and
Kansas City, Kans., the Republicans
elected a majority of the officers.
Republican Victories In Kansas.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 4.— The Dem
ocrats elected W. E. S. Pratt Mayor
and two Councilmen to-day, the .re
mainder of the Republican candidates,
including Police Judge, City Attorney.
Comptroller, President of the Council
ani? two Councilmen,. being successful.
The present administration Is straight
Republican.
years. ago no Republican, even on the
ward tickets, was successful.
: There were two full Democratic
tickets in the field to-day headed by
W. T. Keaper and George M. Shelley,
respectively. The former ticket had
the support of the Democratic State or
ganization and of Mayor James Reed,
who is a candidate for Governor, and
the result of the election Is looked upon
as advantageous to the gubernatorial
candidacy of Joseph W. Folk of St.
Louis. • . .
NEW YORK. April 5.— Miss Alice
Roosevelt is in this city, not to be a
1-ridesmaid. not to receive at after
noon teas, not even to shop. She is
simply here by order of the President
of thr United States. She is stay
ing with her aunt, Mrs. Douglas Rob
inson. When a reporter tailed, in an
swer to an inquiry as to whether Miss
Roosevelt was there. Mrs. Robinson
raid:
"Yes: Miss Roosevelt arrived yester
day afternoon."!
"Of course she wasn't banished from
Washing-ton." added Mrs. Robinson,
s-militiK. in icply to questions. "Alice,"
Fh*> called in an amused voice. "How
about your exile?"
"Exijed. am I?" said Miss Alice. "Oh.
what silly talk! Why. it's absurd. Did
I ro t«» the races? Yes: we drove out
Saturday afternoon to the Spring
Hunt<*rs' steeplechase. Did 1 bet? Oh.
of course not," and Miss Roosevelt
w*>nt back into the room, laughing
heartily. •
"Tell us. did you v.in?" whispered
one of the girls as che Joined them.
"Sh! sh!" was all that could be
fceard.
Il«-y<** and Thereby .\n50rcd the
Proidoiit.
IVnic- Tliat She Wajrerrd on the
MISS ROOSEVELT SAYS
SHE IS NOT IN EXILE
Continued From Page 1. Column 5
ANTI-JEWISH
RIOT IN RUSSIA
War Department orders — Corporal
William J. Varnes, Twenty-fifth Com
pany, Coast Artillery, relieved from
further duty on school submarine de
fense, at Fort Totten, New .York, and
will be sent to the station of Company
K. Fort Mlley. Cal.
Jesse M. Kegy. M. A. Slmeral, Wade
H.. Brown, Robert D. B. Gould, Jacob
L. Geiger, Walter R. Sernitt, Edwin W.
Anderson, Robert E. Springer, John F.
Haizllp, appointed substitute clerks at
Los Angeles.
WASHINGTON. April . 5. — Martin
O'Connor. o' San Francisco and Robert
M. Rankin of Susanville. admitted to
practice before the -Interior Depart
ment." O. C. Hofney appointed clerk in
San Francisqo Postofflce.
Orders Concerning Postal Service and
Anny Affairs Issued at
Washington.
OF INTEREST TO . PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC CO AST-
elections were held in several of the
towns of Colorado to-day. No elec
tions were held in any of the larger
cities. At Rockvale, Coal Creek and
WilHamsburg, coalmining camps, la
bor union tickets were successful. At
Montrose.a tax payers* ticke^ was
elected, high license being the issue.
JACKSON, Miss... April 5. — The
negro, Albert Baldwin, .who killed
Engineer Fogarty sometime ago, was
started to-day for Tallahatchie
County for* trial. When the ' train
reached Tchula word . was sent to
Governor Yardman that a mob
would take the negro from the train
and lynch him. The Governor'imme
diately telegraphed the officers .in
charge to take the negro to Green
wood and keep him there, later send
ing a detachment of militia to take
the negro to Sumner by special train.
Threat to Lynch a Negro Causes a
Change of Plans mid Prisoner
Is Saved. ¦/ -
GOVERNOR INTERVENES
"AND FORESTALLS MOB
ELECTIONS IK CITIES OF THE EAST
continental road being the most press
ing of all. There was also the ques
tion of developing the waterways and
connecting the Yukon with the western
centers of Canada. As for the modlli
cations. they were necessary to the
financing of the Grand Trunk Pacific,
cw.ing to the condition of the money
markets. These amendments were not
Otherwise important.
R. L. Borden. leader of the opposition,
strongly criticized Ihe modifications,
s.aying that the undertaking would cost
?1C-0,000,000 in all.. He moved an amend
ment that the House do not ratify the
proposed amended contract, but instead
that there should be an immediate con
struction and control by the- Dominion
of such lines of railway in the west
to the Pacific as the country* required;
that the Intercolonial be extended to
Georgian Bay and thence to Winnipeg
and that the canal system and inland
waterways be extended and that the
terminals on the Atlantic and Pacific
be equipped. The debate, it is expected,
will continue several days.
. Border* Declares Sir Wilfrid Laurler's
Scheme Will Cost
$150,000,000.
i OTTAWA. Ont.. April 5.— Sir Wilfrid
j Laurier, in tne House to-day, presented
i the modifications of the Grand Trunk
I Pacific contract of last session. In do-
I ing so he spoke of transportation beins
I the most Important question before
1 Parliament, the necessity of a trans-
OPPOSES RENEWAL OF
GRAND -TRUNK CONTRACT
President Walker had taken the par
ty out for a cruise to the lighthouse,
but met with rough weather and the
boat was overturned by a gale in the
Gulf.
President Walker and Miss Newton
reached the beach alive. The bodies
of Mrs. Walker and Miss O'Connor
have not yet been recovered. The
bodies of the other three who lost their
lives were washed ashore and recov
ered.
TAMPA. Fla., April 5.— Five persons,,
all members of a yachting party from
the Florida Methodist College at Suth
erland, on the west coast of the Gulf,
thirty miles west of Tampa, were
drowned near Anclote lighthouse last
night. The dead:
MRS. WALKER, wife of the presi
dent of the college.
MISS O'CONNOR; of Atlanta, Ga.
MISS SLAUGHTER, of Sutherland.
MISS M'CRAY. of Sutherland.
MR. BOULARD, of Sutherland.
Head of the Faculty Reaches the
Shore, but His Wife Is Num
bered. Among the Victims. '
Disaster to Pleasure Party
From an Educational
Institution.
Patrolman Gi'.l was found guilty at
a previous meeting of the commission
of having »>eon intoxicated while pa
trolling his beat. His sentence was de
ferred until last night, when all the
Commissioners with the exception of
Kf pan voted for dismissal. Regan made
a motipn that the guilty policeman be
filled ?l°0. but the motion was not car
ried.
The board was not in a charitable
rriood and dismissed him from the de
partment. Special Policeman Watson,
who. it had been reported, saw two
enter and rob a saloon on
Second and Mission streets, did not
put in an appearance as a witness.
Regarding this Chief Wittman slates
that Watson called upon him and with
tears in his eyes branded the statement
Patrolman E. W. Gardiner was
charged by Sergeant Daniel Sylvester
and Sergeant Marcus Anderson with
not having patroled his beat on
Fourth street. The sergeants testified
that they had waited near the bridge
at Fourth and Kentucky streets
nearly throe hours for Gardiner to
pas?, but that he did not do so.
Gardiner pleaded guilty to the offense
an<3 cast himself upon the mercy of
the Commissioners.
"Whim the case of Patrolman George
W« >.";Eh'Jnsa> was called Captain
FpClane look th? stand and related his
experience in vat<_hing for this patrol
man on the fame night. Nightingale
was supposed to patrol Second street
from Msrk<rt to Harrison, but Spillane,
who waited at the corner of Harrison
street fr-mi % o'clock until 11 o'clock,
uas unable to see the Nightingale.
Ccptaifl Thumas Duke, who Joined
Spillanp (a the search, said he discov
ered tho patrolman in an engine-house
on .Second street with a newspaper in
his hand. In his own defense Night
ingale alleged that he had been called
from his beat several times during the
evening and that his presence in the
*nginp-house was occasioned by the
fact that he had left his baton there,
Th** maximum penalty was imposed.
Four, patrolmen were dismissed from
the Police Department at a meeting cf
the Police Commissioner? la*t evening.
Patrolman E. W. Gardiner, Peter
Cfcapelle sxA G. W. Nightingale were
relieved cf their stare for being absent
from their beets when they should have
been performing police duty, and Pa
troLrran James GUI lost his authority
ca a charge of Intoxication.
After the liquor license cases had
been disposed of the exse of ChapeUe
¦was calied. Chief Wittman, Captain of
detectives Martla an3 Sergeant Mc-
Manus testified against the policeman
end were positive that he was not
proprrlj- patrolling his beat on the
night of. March SO. Wittman and Mar
tin visited the* b^at, which is on First
Ftrect from Market to Bryant, and
made a 5:>ccial investigation. Cha
relie was nowhere to be found and
ihe charges were preferred accord
ing! y.
¦ChapeUe, Nightingale, Gard
iner ami Gill Have Their
Stars Taken From Them
The purpose of the bill, the report
said. Is to set apart these four dozen
men as .a superior and distinct class,
entitled to a higher degree of protec
tion than other officials, citizens and
inhabitants of the. United States. ! The
minority members- of the . committee
say they yield tq none in their desire
to protect the ; President and punish
the enemies of .the Government and
social order, "but In the accomplish
ment of this laudable desire we are
unwilling to put upon the statute
books a law that will invade and de
stroy the most valued principles of
republican institutions; which will
take from the States their rightful ju
risdiction over crime, which they have
never surrendered to the general Gov
ernment; which 'will overturn the rec
ognized policies and procedure "of a
hundred years, and which, not con
tent with the provisions respecting the
President, sets apart some forty-five
or fifty other men as a. separate class
whose persons shall be more sacred
In the eye of the law than others of
the 60.000,000 Inhabitants of the
United States." . t
WASHINGTON. April 5. — A minor
ity report on thp bill introduced by
Senator Hoar to provide for the pro
tection of the President of ' the Unit
ed States was submitted to-day by
Senator Bacon from the Committee on
Judiciary. Senators Pettus, Culber
son, Blackburn and Patterson, Dem
ocratic members of the committee,
signed the report. It states that the
title is misleading and ends naturally
to enlist the sympathy of all Ameri
cans and secure a support which the
bill would not receive if it were gen
erally known that its provisions . are
extended to all of the Cabinet officjers
and all foreign Embassadors and Min
isters to the United States! /*-
Unamerican.
>finorit.y Reoort Says Title Is Mislcad-
ins and Thai the Law Is
OPPOSES THK BILL TO
PROTECT PRESIDENT
The Xovosti devotes -a long editorial
to show that the proposed new triple
alliance (Russia, France and Great
Britain) will not be for the purpose of
isolating Germany.
The Governor of Bessarabia has pro
claimed a strict prohibition of gather
ings in the streets and private houses,
also of the carrying of weapons. This
action was taken in consequence of
threats of anti-Semitic disturbances.
The German wireless telegraph sys
tem has been adopted at the Baikal
ferries, because the Kronstadt v.-orks
are too busy supplying warships with
the Pohoff system to furnish apparatus
for Baikal. /
WIllIiXESS TELEGRAPHY
confusion or bustle. As soon as a reg
iment arrives It Is comfortably quar
tered In warm, roomy barracks, the
men are well fed and rested and are
then sent off to their allotted stations.
There is no serious illness among the"
arrivals and no epidemics."
Cruise of Florida
Collegians Ends
in Death. },
Continticd l->ont Page 2, Column 6
TESTIMONY IS BRIEF
police Commissioners Drop
Patrolmen From the Force
on a Number of Complaint!
GALE SINKS
YACHT AND
FIVE DROWN
FOUR OFFICERS
ARE DISMISSED
NO JAPANESE
OPERATING IN
MANCHURIA
THE SAN :FRANCISGO CALC' WEDNESDAY, APRIL'^G, 1904.
McMINNVILLE. Tenn :<i April 5— Col
onel;John Savage,' ex -member of Con
gress and - a " veteran " of .the f Florida,
Mexican • and Civil -wars, died .' to-day,
ared SS years. , "¦}.' ¦ , l
Mexican Wnr Veteran Dies.
Union . Labor .Tickets Elected.
DENVER. April 5. — Municipal
• SANTA FE; 'April 5.— Elections were
held In the- cities, and towns of "New
Mexico to-day. The Republicans we/e
victorious, in Laa Vegas,/ arid ; Gallup
and the 'Democrats at Santa Fe.j
5
AD VEBTISEMENTE. { ';¦ ¦• V ' ' r
fif& P P ®M And many other painful and serious
P^ft !l W K H ailments from which most mothers
k@ k^P ¦ B «B wl su^ er » c 2^ 11 avoided by the use of
gHfrEP A «^ BB1 ". M0tb<1 ' 8 Friei<# " This great remedy
i^k 1^ B$i li S a G°d" sen d to women, carrjnng
Wm W~_ E&&3 II t -^ em through their most critical
¦ ™ ¦• "T*^"^ ¦ ordeal with safety and ¦ no pain.
No woman who uses ''Mother's Friend" need fear the suffering
and danger incident to birth; for it robs the ordeal of its horror
and insures safety to life of mother and child, and leaves her in
a condition more favorable to speedy recovery. .The child is
also healthy, strong and ™ « g^ m« ..» jwygAHh
its weight in gold to every ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ ™ ¦ ¦
woman, and will be sent free in plain |p§|^ Q H 8 &R B%
Bradfi old Regulator Co. Atlanta, Ga. W am I k Mm mM
j THE EMPORIUM j : THE EMPOBrCTJtt - | THE EMPORIUM. | ' • THE EMPOBIUM
£— 'i "¦ *"¦'',¦ ' ' J $
i _ — — ; — • ' ; — — ! — - — — — > — I ; , — : 5
!i^ Manufacturer's Sampie Line Overstocks and Short Lois of \ . %
| Women's High-Grade Suits Curtains and Draperies %
i One- third to one -half less than regular Wonderfully Reduced for April Sales j
Jf» '¦ To this fine sample line of stylish suits in sizes 34 and 36 (from A hundred different bargains of the irdc.w most needed lor your spring 3{
•? . ».. \, i ¦,-•.¦ ., v J " j. . . renovation a: horn: reduced frcm> one-third to two-thirds to close thsni out curing the Aori ' „
5* a prominent New York manufacturing tailor) we nave added a large sa ; u . For example: ' l m
number of suits in all sizes from our own choice stocks, so that any 75c. .30 inch, Florentine Drarery suk.sOo Lace Curtains — Many styles n;r: J»
I si/e woman can be fitted during this sale. ¦ -^ M^a^g^S (*° » &° '^'^ • • •¦»»* |
» SSS. w S l U56 $7.95 lT O o w^o.oo$22.7S W*M$WM$&%% 'm?$$^#%$M 1
I a&TTiM. $10.90 i^HS™f«i HIPiiMiP
I t^^%,o$M.35 l^^is,o$42.50 iglllilis'I^ W^m^iUSI i
I af SultS WOrlli &$£& £&CZ • S "I'S WOrth &&"7 :oc to 6;c Art D arcrif! :r.d Co'orrd Scrim-; 5 6.O= to 5 S.oc stvlrs; new, pair . S4.Q5 .%
\K $26.00 tO $32.50 &M€5m&& fully $100.00 && f m%SM now, pd . . M . to 35C 5 9 .oo to 5io.oo «v!«; no«,pair. S5.95 *
||; J
\i From 9 toil a. m. only, This Morning (Wednesday) j|
\l 500 handsome Lawn Waists, the very newest $2.00 styles; I^JP^^fc ;?
\l on sale in main aisle; each - ¦-. - - - - - - «F^#C^ |
¦S "~^~ ~~^~ • J
if Men's American Safe of 19O4 Wash Annual &O Q£\ '*
j: Suits made Summer Fabrics at Spring * t% * /O 5
%• $7.5Q Under- Silks 35 ? t^f m S y Bo«k Sate Off on all |
'S luaelotof^uitsthat mushns . Crepe^ de and dott ed Swisses Included in the of- Furniture *
] H u^ilen .at Corset covers, che- wash silks, foulards for 2 2o ferings of this depart- Choice of any piece 5
it 5 « Vn «9 50 SIO^SO ""ses, short skirts, pongees and black n c f ine white under- ment arp 5000 copy- in the store at. 20 per %
S 1^50lli»1^50 Petticoats, drawers [f^|^|f'p2U wear cambric, yard righted- books, mostly cen t off marked prices, \
| including cuu^y || gg|^ fan'cv' open w^ W |
1 Lhck S d\y diagonal" duringApri.sa.es 39C uVav"s\v.TeVods, And work, of science, are the lowest that %
'* -ind blue and black ' ¦ 3BC to yard • . .-. . 12c poetry, drama, history, such good furniture J
H ipra- sack SUitS. All .to 9&G . many other values csc at Icss than on ' c . can be bought for reg-
i % serg_ bdLK suns. ¦< . 4*jm QBT • „ • j tn i fiS domestic depart- , . , , ,. , , f 5
i *° si^es $**mZ9o ' the yard menL r third publisher s puces, ularly anywhere. \
it : — . ; : — ; r— 5
i Men's French Safe of Safe of Sale of |
$ Suits Lingerie Desirable Empress One-third . Mattings |
I $11*50 ** g*ff Dress RutSS Off on Ail 15cand2Oc%
i| La,g= lot otsdrs that ' •*« f « GOOlfS Aorilwe have Oriental Twenty-five pat- S
|| have been, selling... Corset covers, che- Regular Sl.00 to j£j$^$£ Rugs in Zl'TelX^Tl \
It $i5.°o.<2o.oo,$jt 2 .5o mises, drawers, gowns >1.50 black and col- we n. w€ aring rugs: n§amm 9§mU vard' fTthis Sa F e *
!j: and .$25.00. including an d skirts; regularly ored suitings, serge?, lg 6 _ )nch> re^ larIy " $1>so , UUr StOGK yard, tor this sale
- b!ack cutaway frock ,u:ts sl8{o50Qou , cheviots, zibelines, (pec5 al ... St.UO DuMMI 2O ° I
I*: and sack suits. P.cnty — ~ Venetian cloth, etc-; aix 4 s-«nch, reguarly *a.oo, ¦*¦** "'89 Twpntv MttMnv '?
1 1 VSSk ™'°' M $132 f ° r ' ' e APr " Sa ' eS I W4, ®S* A " rii reS V a ya?d; |
r ; * coats ana v^u half price. to S3c 9 67c, s P ecial $2.60 Sales for this sale {«
h about i oo in «Vin various tf99 9/! 7Qn 3 6x 7 ;-inch, rrgularly Sf.jo, . *
£ ; y ' C5 . . $ZZmZ*lP ZS9C special. ... . $3.2O 15C *
t" Boys 0 April Sale of Sale of Groceries-Liquors *
I 1 Clothes Safe Of *?** S > f C J"* P £Z e n *'*nF*£t> Monoy-Savlng April Sa/e, *
\* Ahnut Maif «»«- ' Imitation Torchons; , V L omcn / ana ", . * Griffin Extra CaLfornia Preservji- comprising itxawbciri^ %
\t . Anomnan Shoes splendid wash iaces; l in L b Zr* a Tt ?!: ™fl«™.^ !e u* p«< h « •«* p»—i ««- ** n *
| % The assortment in- , hfants , and chil . new pat terns. VA to Z^JZZa^LI ' B^'^SSe^t^i^'"^^?.?? •'
* eludes youths and dren>s M and >; 75 + j n , wide; wonh up to 2 ,c,*3ol 49c, S^S^f^M^^S 5
». boys top COatS .ana s hoeS nOW ' ' f5c 63O Huni » s and Htlmet Fruits— Extra quality, in heaty «yre ? ; 3- .«
ft? Russian coats, sailor, 4Qc to $1 18 I T ib. tbs, <ior. $2*85; single tin$ 24c «J
%' sailor Norfolk, two^, " ||||M( . , Emporium Baking Powder— i-lb. tins for ... . 30o %
*V piece SllitS and nOV- Women's J2. 2 J to - //? rfs^ * 9- " Lily, Carnition or Pet Cream— -JCow 3 tin*. .' . .25c j*
jV ,.' -if 11 jtt m *hnr* now •Jl^' <^^& f ' 0 Family Blend Coffee — Excellent; « lbs. . . .SimOO &
j; elty SUltS for Small *3-5°jb°« . n 0^ *Jffi C frtfi/ fiWrf I I I Iff Burke 7 , Whiskies-Three Star 'irsh or GaTa^ Kirk *
J, boys. A aood coat St. 43 to $2.68 Scotch, bottle Q5c J
[¦** nOW for $ 2. 50; a gOOd Mtn's $3.50 sbdes now n-nrmnin'- innrr'V r ' ¦¦—n -**=*» OU'Djmin'on Whisky— Spring 1900, gailcn . &2.Q5 *
iS SUit now for 51.85, $2.68 „¦¦¦ gJUllI— ¦"" ""^ A - V - H - Imported Gin-Lar S : battles. ... $1.39 -J
¦g etc> . And others. . -=-^ america-s grandest STORC -w Aud rnany other specials. X
K * ¦ — — — . , -JJ
¦¦¦¦¦¦ , 1 _ _ '_ - A3)VEBTISEM ENT&
jjS^ I BATHROOMand I
__ \ ITl LAVATORY I
W MB FURNISHINGS J
,XA^Ja\M Isn't there some* little article V
(j^4^_j^ wyvij lacking in your bathroom — .some- 1
-^-SiEy^Tf' ¦ convenience? Call and inspect our * %
(/ : W- complete line of fixtures — here «
)) «=J1L I I 0P a * Comb Md Brush Holder $1.50 j
>=«L 1 Tooth Brush HoIdcr " 5 1 * 00 I
Vy/^- 7 T^^^JilI Othert as low as 80c. I
Soap Dish - - - - $1-25 I
-:• . . . 51.50 I
_. HOOKS J „.!*, $1.25 I
Y^v rcV n These are all nickel-plated and never %
|j 122-132 SUTTER ST. _ V 1TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
The New York Tribune prints an
interesting Interview with Christian H.
Zeederburg of Buluwayo, in Rhodesia,
Africa, in which that gentleman tells
of the progress of the Cape to Cairo
railroad. Says he:
"The main line of the Cape to Cairo
railroad ' from Cape Town to Bulu
wayo, 1360 miles north, has been open
since 1897. The branch to the north
east runs through Salisbury, the capi
tal of Rhodesia, to the port of Belra,
on the Portuguese coast. The exten
sion of the main line northwest from
Buluwayo runs through the Wanki
coal fields. These are 220 miles from
Buluwayo and the work ; of construc
tion has been pushed on toward the
falls fn the Zambesi or Victoria Falls,
an ; additional distance of DO miles. . .
; 1 "Only twenty miles of this remains
to be built,;: and It: will :probably be
accomplished by. the/end of April. , I
must be back at Caoe. Town by May 3.
*nd_I there take up a r hew pioneer
Capc to Cairo.
THE average reader may be surprised to. learn that
there are more than 5000' irrigated farms in
Oregon. Much has been said about the rain in
the State next north of California on the Pacific Coast.
Indeed, by reason of the copious downfalls from -the skies
the Orcgonians have jocularly been given the title of
"webfooters." This idea will need to be modified in a
degree by the irrigation statistics that have just been re
ceived from the United States Census Bureau. . .;
Oregon finds it; necessary, in order that farming shall
be carried on to the satisfaction of its people, to irrigate
nearly half a million acresjor, to.be exact, 439,981 acres.
Better methods of management are urged and more eco
nomical use of water,' that a greater area may have the
benefits of irrigation. Since 1899 _ /the increase in the
irrigated Oregon area has increased, according to the
official figures, by. 51,671 /acres, or 13.3 peV cent in* three
years, ¦ the figures in total, . as -given, representing the
conditions'atthe end'of 1902. •
In that year Oregon had- 2555 irrigation systems in
operation, representing a total construction cost- of; $2,-
IRRIGATION IN OREGON.
CONVICT'S RIGHTS— T., Sacramen
to, Cal. Under the following section of
the Penal Code of California a convict
may be restored to citizenship at the
discretion of the Governor:
"At the end of every month' the
board must report to the Governor of
this State the names of all- prisoners
whose terms of imprisonment are about
to expire by reason of the benefits of
this chapter, giving in such report tha
terms of their sentences, the .date of
imprisonment, the amount of total
credits to the date of such report and
the date when their service would ex
pire by limitation of sentence. . The
Governor, at the expiration of the term
for. which any prisoner has , been sen
tenced, less the number of days allow
ed and credited to him. must order, the
release of such prisoner,' by. an order
under his hand, addressed to the war
den of the prison, in such mode and
form as he may deen proper, and with
or without restoration to citizenship,
according to his discretion." •.
' The spirit of war moves again in the sluggish breasts
of the Far Eastern combatants. Newchwang has been
placed under martial law -by the Russians and it is not
beyond the range of probability that we may expect at
any time to hear that Admiral Togo has fired another
shot into the Retvizan. Unless friends intervene Russia
and Japan may actually come to blows in a few months.
j OCTAVE EXKltCIPE. SECOND PO- I
S SITION.
STRIKING TWO NOTES ABOVE AN
OCTAVE. STRETCHING EXER
CISE.
the legato form of octave playing, and
the student should endeavor to make
his octaves sound as smooth and even
as a single-hand scale, binding the
notes together In such a way that the
flow of tone may be uninterrupted.
Octaves should be practiced In this
way, both with separate hands and the
hands together. To rouse the pupil's
ambition, I can only call to his mind
the liquid octaves of Paderewskl and
De Pachmann, and ask if he (the boy)
cares to let the chance go by of follow
ing in their footsteps, without a seri
ous attempt to the most of everything
there is in him.
There is another way of practicing
octaves— the light staccato method,
which is also excellent, and is very
beneficial when taken in conjunction
with the methdd just described. In
this octave form the hand is first
raised with the ordinary light-wrist
motion, then, descending quickly,
strikes the octave with a^sharp, rapid
blow, and as quickly spi Ings . upward
into place, spending only a fraction of
a. second on the key-board. The pupil
should take plenty of time before the
spring downward, but once started,
should lose no time in getting back to
the position where his hand Is upraised
in. readiness for the next rapid de
scent.
This octave study should be prac
ticed up and down the scale, with
single and with both hands, and should
be tried In all the different forms,
"twos," "threes," and so forth, not
omitting the arpeggios.
When the pupil has become perfectly
familiar with the three different forms
of octave study given In the lesson to
day he must make a systematic study
of them in all keys. > , "-
It would be well for him to take the
keys chromatically for instance, after
he has made a thorough study of oc
taves in the key of C let him take up
the same thing in the key of D flat.
After the intricacies of the study in
D flat have been mastered he must try
hi8 octaves in the key of D. Then in
E flat, then in E, F, and so on.
Naturally, this is not all to be done
in one day, or a week, or a month, but
it is well to know all the forms, so
that one may., have a variety to choose
from when studying. It not only
helps the student to gain a thorough
mastery over the piano (which, of
course, is the main object in -View) ,
but it prevents monotony' and
helps to keep' the boy interested, as
he cannot possibly be when confined
to a few- scale forms, and a single oc
tave form. .,
* tart, but a little practice will make
everything come risht.
The first octave stru« k should be C
and after relaxing once the student
Ehould repeat the exercise, this time
striking the octave D.
Id this way he should go straight up
the 6cale for eight notes or more,
after which he should . return as he
came, being careful to "relax between
each trial of the exercise.
After practicing in this way for
some days the pupil should continue
his study of the exorcise without the
relaxing periods between. By this
time the work Fhould be carried out
Jn the form of one continuous exer
cised up and down the piano, and the
metronome will be found a great help
in preserving the rhythm and so en
abling the exercise to move of itself;
as it were. There should be a regular
"clinch,*' "spring" — clinch, spring—
clinch, spring: — one beat of the metro
nome marking each change of move
ment.
The pupil must not. *ot course, give
up the "relaxing" periods until he can
practice the exercise without tighten
ing the muscles — that must be under
stood at the outset — but Just as soon
as he can he murt drop the relaxing,
eo that he may be able to swing the
exercise along rhythmically.
Naturally all his wrist -muscles will
SAN. FRANCISCO STREETS — G..
City. In the early days of San Fran
cisco the streets south of Market street
and east of Valencia, now numbered
numerically from Sixth to 'Sixteenth,
both inclusive, .were known. by the fol
lowing names, commencing with Sixth:
Simmons, Harris, Price, Johnston,
Thorn, Wood, Brown, Ellen, Tracy,
Sparks and Center. ,
RICE— R. T. M., Oakland, CaL Rice
was introduced into this country from
Madagascar through the gift of a sack
thereof by the captain of a vessel that
was driven into. the harbor of Charles
ton, S. C, in 1S94, to one Thomas
Smith, who planted In his garden and
then distributed the seed.
THE British^ Tibetan expedition under Colonel
Younghusband has had its first clash with the na
tives of the unknown land. N At thfe village of Guru
a detachment of the Tibetan army, under the leadership
of one of the most fanatical Lamas, opposed the further
advance of the British, fired upon them unawares and
were almost annihilated by the desperate charges of the
Indian' Sikhs. By the side of the body of almost every
one of the slain Tibetans was found a gun bearing the
mark of Russian manufacture.
This foray at Guru/ a village, by the way, on the Tib
etan side of the Himalayas well in the Dalai Lama's
province, marks the opening of a new chapter in the his
tory of British dominion in the East. The charges which
were made by the Indian troops were the first of many
which are to be follow and which -are to lead straight
through the gates of the Forbidden City itself. Tibet's
existence as a»land of mystery, a country forbidden to
any one with t white blood in his veins.- is not for long
now. Whatever may have been" the announced intention
of Colonel Younghusband's march over the "roof of
the world," the expected has come to pass and the con
quest of -Tibet is now a thing in the making.
In a recent number of the Century Ekai Kawaguchi, a
Japanese Buddhist, priest who had made his way into
Lassa and there studied the tenets of r his religion and
incidentally the political aspect of the Dalai Lama's gov
ernment, tells at length of Russia's, secret influence
which has-been at work in the capital of the forbidden
land. Tibetan' priests, 1 bought with the gold of Russian
governors along the northern border, had acted as the
emissaries of . the Dalai Lama. Gifts, had been ex
changed between that dignitary and the Czar. What the
.Czar's : gifts were is revealed by thV finding of ' the Rus- •
sian guns on the slain at Guru. England was evidently
not unaware of the conditions which this Buddhist priest
reveals in his article when' she allowed' Lord Curzon ;to
dispatch the .Younghusband expedition.
Upon, the acquisition of- a protectorate or a complete
colonial form of government over Tibet depends the in
tegrity of the empire of India" as surely as does the
possession of Korea assure Japan of a continued na
tional existence. England and Japan arc both proceed
ing in the open against a foe, whose darkly veiled move
ments, always stealthy, always forward, are brought to
light only when the prize at their goal is -won. V
ENGLISH ADVANCE IN TIBET.
AN ADDRESS— Subscriber, City. A
woman writing to anyone who does not
know If the writer is married or single
should always use in the signature Mrs.
or Miss, as the case may be. as other
wise the receiver would not know how
to address the reply.
HELLTOWN— Subscriber, City. There
is such a place in California as Hell
town. It Is in Butte County and ' is
reached by rail to Oroville, 168 miles,
thence twenty-five miles by stage.
BATHING— Reader, City. In bathing,
rubbing down may be with the hand,' a
specially prepared brush or a coarse
towel. •
Answers to Queries.
Captain McLellan, whose recent voy
age to trie Aleutian Islands in the reve
nue cutter Maiming has had such mem
orable results, found the streams of
Attu and of the other islands crowded
with salmon. On Buldir Island, in 52
degrees 30 minutes north, he found new
fur seal rookeries. That this discovery
may prove to .be of great financial
value may be realized when it is con
sidered that the revenue from the rook
eries of the Pribiloff Islands has
amounted thus far to over $50,000,000.
On Umnak Island the revenue cutter
steamed into' a harbor two miles long
and three-fourths of a mile wide. .
So strongly convinced are some of
the alert men of the northwest that
the Aleutians are now destined to as
sume great importance in the affairs of
the Pacific that a company has been
formed to colonize the archipelago.
Wharves and storehouses are to be
built and trading stations established.
Stock raising is to be begun first on
Akun Island. There, it is estimated,
50,000 head of cattle can find abundant
pasture the year through.
It is claimed that, on account of the
mollifying influence' of the Japan cur
rent, the Aleutian Islands have a more
desirable climate than any part of the
Atlantic seaboard north of Cape Hat
teras. Aside from stock raising, gen
eral agriculture is to be inaugurated.
It is stated that copper, gold, oil and
coal are found on the islands, and that
there is a great abundance of water
power, as in Japan. One town^ called
Jarvis, has already been started fn Lost
Harbor. The problem of transportation
will not have to be solved, as in the
Interior of Alaska, for steamers to and
from the Orient, Siberia, St. Michael
and Nome now pass daily within a few
miles of some of {he best harbors In
the archipelago. — Booklovers' Magazine,
Our "Treasure Islands."
The purple mountain wall
And the dark-shadowed gorge
Glimmer and pale.
Serene, untroubled thoughts
Come to me out of the night,
So- blue, so still.
The ancient life of the gods.
With knowledge and calm and desire,
Flows through the world.
And we, too, lovely friend.
Partake of their endless joy,
Having known love.
. — Bliss Carman in Everybody's.
The new moon through the firs
Shines like a silver lamp,
Tranquil and bright.
The New-Moon.
The pupil should first relax thor
oughly, th«»n placing his right hand
upon the piano in '"playing position,"
Rive one revolution of the "circle mo
tion," according to the directions
Kiven in the earlier lessons. Next he
must suddenly and with all the
strength he can muster draw the hand
tightly together and hold it that way,
braced against the wrist, as in the ac
companying illustration. While hold
ing the hand in this position the boy
Ehould feel that every muscle is as
tightly gTipped a? is possible; in fact,
he must try to increase the power of
his grip momentarily, as he holds his
hand tightly doubled. For several
second* his hand should be held in
this position, after which it should
spring free, spreading to its utmost
capacity as it does so.
As the fingers land upon the "keys
the first and fifth should strike an oc
tave. It may be difficult for the pu
pil to hit the notes squarely at the
* • »
Before we begin the explanation,
however, I wish to give a word of
warning: The exercise I am about to
describe is not intended for the small
est children. In the earlier lesons I
pave wrist studies, which if properly
followed are quite strenuous enough
lor the average child. Moreover, the
child's hand i* constantly growing and
the ordinary "relaxing exercises" are
enough in themselves to develop a
good octave hand without need of ex
tra stretching in the earlier stages of
the pupil's course of study. It is only
after the student has reached the
point where complicated octave pass
apes occur in his music and call for
brilliant work of this kind that the
exercise I am about to give should be
taken up.
OCTAVE F.XERHSE, FIRST POSI
TION.
He does not like the American boy,
who Is, he says, too "cheeky." The
American boy also affected to believe
that he was either Irish or German—
an insult which he cannot endure.
The London Mail tells of a youthful
traveler who took a trans-oceanic trip
with as much sangfroid as he would
an omnibus ride in London.
When the Cunard liner Etruria dis
embarked her passengers at Liverpool
after her last voyage from New York,
there stepped on to the landing stage a
solitary small boy, so small and soli
tary that a policeman followed him
wonderingly with his eye.
The boy was Ernest John Bennett,
who lives in Hazelwood Road, Wal
thamstow. He is 11 years old, a bright,
blue-eyed little fellow, with close-cut
golden hair and much self-reliance.
In November last an uncle .who lives
in Brooklyn wished the boy to pay him
a visit, so he went across the Atlantic
alone, and he came back alone.
His chief "chiim" on the way back
was a sailor, who in the evenings, un
der the shadow of one of the funnels,
told' tales of his horrible adventures in
Arctic seas. The second-class passen
gers took an interest in the lad, and he
soon made friends with two boys of his
own age. They organized athletic
sports on the deck. Other leisure time
he spent with a select library of eight
prize books, which he had won at a
Walthamstow board school.
A Youthful Voyager.
On one occasion, says the April
World's Work, when Rear Admiral
Enouye met an old Annapolis class
mate in Japan, he forgot all the Eng
lish he ever knew, but showed his
pleasure by repeatedly embracing the
American, swearing his affection in the
purest Satsuma dialect, all the while
singing old academy songs, which,
strangely enough, he seemed to remem
ber perfectly, though he had forgotten
the meaning of the words. Enouye
opened abottle of wine in the cabin of
his ship, the Naniwas, where he exhib
ited with much pride and joy his old
academy raincoat, with "Y. Enouye"
stenciled on it. Possibly to convey to
the mind of his guest his .purpose in
showing this coat, though the weather
was hot and clear, he rushed out on the
quarter-deck and shouted in excellent
English: "Rain-coats! Cap-covers!
Overshoes and leggin's!" the aston
ished Japanese officers and crew look
ing at him as if they thought he had
suddenly gone mad. Enouye had sud
denly remembered the orders for rainy
day dress* at Annapolis.
His Freak Memory.
ON 'May 4 in the city of Los Angeles the Cjuadrenv
nial General Conference of the Methodist Epis
copal church will open its session. In attendance
upon the conference there will be delegates from all
parts of the United States, missionaries from foreign
fields and the governing heads of the church, thus mak
ing the body one of the most representative assemblages
of church workers of the many which have come to Cali
fornia for their deliberations. .
In view of the enormous increase in the missionary ac
tivities of the church since the last General Conference
in 1900 the subject of the spread of the word promises
to be one of the most important topics of discussion
which will be brought before the delegates. The recent
operations of the missionaries in the -Philippines and
China and the constantly growing exigencies of the mis
sionary fields in those countries will make the Los An
geles conference particularly a notable one forthe work
which it will do in this direction.
According to the report of the missionary society of
the church, which will be submitted at the conference,
the outposts of the missions have been pushed farther
afield into unoccupied territory during the past four years
than at any other time during the recent history of the
church. In Korea the membership in the missionary
conference has grown from 3897 to 6915, in the Philip
pines from a nominal number up to 7842, in Northwest
India from 34,469 to 42,672. The estimated value of all
foreign mission- property has increased from $5,410,
938 to $6,655,058, an advance of $1,244,120. The increase
of the self-supporting capacity, of the foreign missions
over that of four years ago amounts to 37 per cent.
When it takes into consideration that these material
advances in the .work of spreading the gospel have been
accomplished in some instances under the most dis
couraging circumstances the Methodist church should
have just cause for self-congratulation. The Boxer up
risings in the north of China and the floods in the south
and. central regions have made the work" of the mis
sionaries one of great physical risk and sometimes of
little profit. Cholera and the plague in the Indian coun
tries have had to be fought as well as the prejudices
and century-rooted antipathies of the natives. The ex
pansion of the missionary field has made it imperative
that all of these' endeavors be pushed with less and
less of financial assistance from the home offices.
Much has been said and written lately of the* futility
of missionary work on the part of the Christian churches.
It has been argued that the proselytes utilize their con
version for selfish motives, that the presence of mis
sionaries in a heathen country leads to disturbances and
bloodshed often, and that so ardent a prosecution of the
command of Christ to go forth and teach all men the
way of truth is a fruitless waste of energy. The best
disproof of these assertions is to be found in the very
reports such as that of the missionary society, wherein
the tale of added converts to the fold of Christianity is
told from every pagan land.
METHODIST GENERAL CONFERENCE.
Mary a piano student finds that as
time goes on his ocUive playing does
?iot develop in proportion to his other
technique. Sometimes this is because
h:« hand, instead of 'being long and
flexible by nature, is of the short,
thick, stubby variety. If this is the
case he should study exeivise for
Ftretching the hand as much as possi
ble, while at the same time the hand
Is being strengthened. Even the most
perfect octave hand can be improved
and with thi? idea in view I shall give
you to-day an octave exercise which
is certain to help even the most ob
eunauly unyielding muscles if prac
ticed faithfully.
ax anice rnmnscK.
? Sony Wntw.t
(Copyright, 1904, by Joseph B. Howie*.)
Octcnr Exercises
mall route that will reach the rich
copper mines, 200 miles' farther into
the interior of the country to the
northwest of Victoria Falls. The ex
tension of' the railroad will ultimately
reach the same point on its way to
Cairo. So rich are the mines that
those engaged in their development
can afford to pay me £2 10s a hundred
pounds to transport foodstuffs from
Buluwayo to the mines, a distance of
510 miles. On my way from Califor
nia I stopped at Niagara Falls, and
am able to compare them with the
falls in the Zambesi. The maximum
drop of the water at Niagara, I under
stand, is 1*72 feet, while that of Vic
toria Falls is 450 feet, and the width
of the river straight across from bank
to bank is a mile. Our summer, which
extends over eight months, beginning
in October, is the dry season, and in
that period the flow is depleted, but
nevertheless a great volume of water
goes over the falls, and since my visit
to Niagara I can readily understand
the practical value in power that
could be derived from the falls in the
Zambesi, which are identical with
the falls of Niagara In the manner In
which the river bed drops abruptly."
Three police ; officers of this city are under investiga
tion on the charge that they_ have been deserting their
beats. Whatever the merit of these cases maybe there
is positively no question that the police patrolmen of
San Francisco give too much of their patronage to
saloons while on duty. It is strange that the Police
Commissioners cannot see what is palpable to everybody
else. A night's inquiry would be a revelation.
OUT of the cloud of rumor from the Eastern war
one fact seems to issue, and that is that Korean
soil is'clearof Russians. The Japanese have been
very successful in the use of their transport service in
getting an army of 300,000 men into Korea. Whenever
the forces have met in action the Japanese have seemed
to be victorious, and whenever the Russians have retired
the ground has been occupied by the forces of' the
Mikado. ,
The Russians appear to have made their stand in Man
churia, and now approaches the interesting period^of
the war. It has been the opinion of British military
strategists that' Japan will make a tactical mistake by
penetrating Manchuria. It has been held that it would be
the policy of Russia to lure them into that province. It
is not definitely known whether the ultimate purpose of
Japan extends beyond Korea. Her suspicions ; were
roused by Korean concessions to Russia on the Yalu
'River, which justified the belief that the annexation, of
Korea was intended. The Hermit Kingdom is "~ now
practically Japanese territory. The powers would prob
ably assent to its annexation. If Japan be willing to ac
cept this as a substitute for her former conquest of Man
churia in the war with China, the road is open for the
good offices of other governments to end the war. Rus
sia would lose prestige, but would hold her footing in
Manchuria, and Japan would gain more than her ancient
rights in Korea.
But Japan has a plan, that is not known to the out
side world. She knows the strength of Russia and has
counted the cost of a campaign and the chances of suc
cess. The effrontery of Russia rankles still at Tokio.
After the Chinese war Port Arthur and all that part of
Manchuria now occupied by Russia was ceded to Japan.
Then Russia appealed to Germany and the rest of Eu
rope to nullify the. treaty of cession on the ground that
to cede a part of Manchuria to Japan would be a dismem
berment of China! Japan was forced to relinquish her
conquest and accept the wild island of Formosa, as the
barren fruit of her victory. Russia then immediately
took the part of Manchuria that Japan had been com
pelled to relinquish, and Germany got territory on the
Gulf of Pechili as her pay for her part in the transac
tion. In all history there is hardly a more rank trans
action. If Japan have the ability to whip Russia and take
Manchuria, .whether she keep it or restore it to China,
the believers in fair play will rejoice.
Russia is again trying to scare the world by the cry of
Pan-Mongolism and the specter of the yellow peril. In
this country, where we have been long in contact with
Japanese statesmanship, there is no response to this
tocsin, nor is there, we believe, in Great Britain. If
China, Korea and Japan are in combination, with Japan
as leader and teacher, the world has nothing to fear from
Pan-Mongolism. China and Korea are as capable of re
ceiving all that can be assimilated of Western civilization
as Japan has proved'to be/and it is better that they do
this, independently, than that they be seized and ex
ploited by any of the Western nations.
The woes of the East have been caused by European
ambitions and aggrandizement. At this moment Great
Britain, fearful of the appearance of Russia in Tibet,
menacing her Indian frontier, is*in that country on a
mission of slaughter that sickens the world. The peo
ple of the, land are the innocent victims of one European
plbwers suspicion of the motives of another, and are be
ing slain in an issue to which they are not parties. Ever
since Russia crossed the Amur she has been making a
shambles of Manchuria. Given Pan-Mongolism and
autonomy, and we will see progress and civilization in
Eastern Asia under the intelligent leadership of Japan,
and peace and happiness and development will take the
place oLwar and destruction.
We are not aware that anywhere in the United States
is there any fear that the interests of the world will
suffer from such a solution of the Eastern problem. If
the good offices of the friendly, powers should be asked
and used effectively in ending the war, by leaving Japan
in Korea and Russia in Manchuria, it would be a settle
ment that would give secondary satisfaction. It would
imply such restrictions upon Russian occupation of Man
churia as would protect Japan at home and in Korea
and enhance her influence in China.
Russia is still inflamed against the United States, and
the St. Petersburg press is flouting at "the ungrateful
Yankees," while they boast of service rendered in our
Civil War. That service is written only in the political
Apocrypha of forty years ago. But granting it was
what the Russians claim it was, it is no reason why we
should support Russia in a policy of conquest, injustice
and murder.
Our Government has maintained, a severe neutrality
and will continue to do so. Our people are free. They
60 not have a nobility and aristocracy to think for
them. They think for themselves, and Russia must learn
that in a free country the attitude of the. Government is
one thing, dominated by international obligations and
responsibilities, and "the sympathy of the people is quite
another thing, under the control of enlightened human-
A well-known insurance broker,
who lives in the Western Addition, is
of the opinion that his little eight
year-old son Is about as bright a boy
as can be found in the Golden State —
or elsewher$ for that matter. By re
peating the numerous smart sayings
of the youngster he has established
such a reputation for him that the
friends of the family, when they call
on the insurance man and hjs charm
ing wife, invariably ask to see the lit
tle fellow in the hope that they might
get a sample of his brightness at first.
hand.
A few nights ago the insurance man
had a card party at his house. When
the guests had all assembled one of
them asked after little Edgar and re
quested that he be brought Into the
room for a few minutes. The proud fath
er immediately went up to the nursery
to bring the little fellow down. When
he re-entered the- room, carrying the
boy, he sat the little fellow down and
told him to cro and greet the guests.
Much to his surprise, the boy
stood stock still, refusing to budge
even after his father had told him a
second time and rather sharply to obey
his bidding.
Chagrined, the father repeated his
command; but the boy remained dumb
and motionless. The situation was
an embarrassing one, and it was not
bettered when the little fellow, after
gazing about the room and taking in
with one glance the card outfit and the
waiting players, said: "Papa, I refuse
to 'sociate with gamblers."
'Picked His Company.
The pupil's aim should be to keep his
wrist as light as possible, and let it
lead the hand and arm up and down
the scale, as in the "water motion." so
often brought in to aid us. This Is
The pupil must not try to play his
octaves loo rapidly; he is trying for
flexibility and tone now, and if he ac
quires these the rapidity will take care
of itself.
In conjunction with this the pupil
should take up the study of octaves
with the limp wrist. These should be
practiced in scale fashion. First very
slowly (with one hand), relaxing be
tween each note, and keeping time with
the metronome, which should be set
at a very slow figure. Next the exer
cise should be practiced in "twos" (ac
cording to directions for scale prac
tice given in former lessons). Here
every other note should be accented,
and the time of the exercise will, of
course, be' twice as rapid as in the
first form. Next it should be tried in
"threes," emphasizing every- third
note. Next in fourths, with the usual
rules.
If the pupil, by reason of the natural
inelasticity of his hand, is unable to
strike an octave. at all, he should first
try the exercise with seven notes in
stead .of eight. That is, he should
strike C and B rather than C and C,
and so on up and down the scale,
striking a seventh each time instead
of .an eighth. He should, however,
stretch his hand with all his might
each time, trying for the octave every
little -while. »
When the student finds that he can,
after some weeks of study in this way,
p!ay octaves with ease let him try
stretching one note beyond an octave
— that is. nine notes. Some people's
hands are naturally so flexible that
they can do this with very little prac
tice, but in the majority erf cases it is
not so, and practice of this sort is a
good thing, for occasionally the pupil
will come across some musical" pas
sage where there is a chord, the sound
of which would be improved if two
notes, nine notes apart, could be played
by one hand, without having either to
be slurred, in arpeggio fashion, or, as
is generally the case, a compromise
effected by means of which the other
hand is called in to solve the difficulty
and strike o-ne of the notes. It is, of
course, always much more artistic to
strike notes as they are written, for
one does not like to feel that one has
anj' limitations, particularly in a mat
ter of technique, where the difficulty
can be overcome by patient study. Care
must be taken, however, not to over
strain the muscles, and this exercise
should not be indulged in longer than
a few moments daily.
tighten greatly while the hand is
clinched, but the moment the hand
spreads for the octave the pupil
Fhould feel (if the exercise be prac
ticed in the right way) a total re
laxation and freedom" of the muscles.
This is most important, as any one
who has followed me thus far in these
lessons will at once realize.
039.609 — an average of $818 per system and $4 75 per
irrigated acre. The total length of main canals and
ditches was 3553 mii:\s, an average of one and four-tenths
miles per system. *
The aggregate number of irrigated farms was 4978 and
the average cost per acre was $481. Systems that sup
plied water from springs irrigated 10,759 acres and there
were 114- such 'systems. The stream systems cost,
initially, $2,062,188 for 3604 miles of main canals and
ditches and the necessary dams and head gates. The
first cost of the spring systems . was $22,985 and the
length of their main ditches in total "was 49 miles. Then
there is a system of irrigation from wells .that repre
sents small cost; the total being less than $5000. Oregon
has an arid- region where an artificial supply of water
is as essential as it is in any part of California.
RUSSIANS OUT OF KOREA.
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
¦THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU WEDNESDAY, APRIL' 6, 1004.
THE SAN FRANCISCO, GALL
JOHN D. SPKECKELS, Proprietor .......... .. Address AH Commttnications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Ofllce <!^||li^ > Third and Market Streets, S. F.
WEDNESDAY.......... ........................APRIL 6. 1904
6
Special Information supplied '"'. daily to
business houses and public ¦ men by ¦ the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cal-
ifornia street Telephone Main 194l»\V
. Townsend's California Glnce fruits and
choice candles. In artistic fire-etched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends.
716 Market street, above Call, building- ¦ *WASHINGTON*, April 6. — Orders
have been issued for the trial by
court-martial^ of Captain- Amos H.
Martin, Fourteenth Infantry, sta
tioned at Manila, : on the > charge of
having duplicated his pay accounts.
Army Officer in Trouble.
Beautiful Illustrated booklet outlining ad
vantages and attractions- of Sunny Marln
County for summer or all th* year round sub
urban homes — 30 minutes to one hour from
San Francisco. List of hotels, etc. Dis
tributed free at Information Bureau, No. 626
Market street. San Francisco, or mailed to
any address on receipt of 2c postage. •
Sunny Suburban Homes.
Improvement Club Meets.
The members of the Presidio Heights
Improvement Club j met in monthly
session last night at the Crafts and
Arts Hall on Presidio avenue. The
questions o£ better streetcar service,
more adequate . lighting facilities and
better police protection were taken up
and discussed.
quishments filed by the defendants in
Cascade, Sierra, Lake Tahoe, Zaca
Lake and San_ Jacinto forest reserves
had been suspended by an order from
Commissioner Blnger Hermann of the
General Land Office, In June, 1902.
This was when the Government first
got conclusive evidence that crooked
work was going on, with which it now
alleges the defendants were connected.
William E. Valk, McPhaul's prede
cessor in the lieu land division, was
recalled for further questioning by the
defense, and Charles S. Wheeler, of
counsel for Dimond. tried to repair the
damage done by the witness in his
statement on Friday that Dimond had
come to him privately in Washington
with a note from Benson, saying in
substance, "This man represents me
and he is all right." Valk admitted
that his recollection as to the kind of
paper, style /of writing, and. exact
wording was vague, but stuck to his
declaration as to the gist of the com
munication.
"Did you have any social relations
with Dimond?" asked Heney, when
the witness was turned over to him
for cross-examination.
"'Yes. We often drank' together, and
I dined with him several times."
The hearing will continue this morn
ing.
DEFENDANTS HAD A "PULL."
On cross-examination the witness
testified to many suspicious circum
stances connected with these cases.
One was the speed with which the
Hyde-Benson cases had been rushed
through." hundreds of them having
been advanced out of their regular
order, apparently aa a result of "pull"
or other Influence well applied.
McPhaul showed that all the relin-
inus iar tne aeienaanis nave uiieriy
failed to introduce any evidence de
stroying the presumption of guilt
raised by the indictment. Whether
they will do so is a question to be an
swered by their course hereafter."
HAVE PROVED NOTHING.
This explicit statement that the Com
missioner had not.been Impressed with
the case thus far made by defendants
more than, offset any exultation they
may have felt over their success in
holding Heney down to strict cross-ex
amination of the Government's own
witnesses.
Much of the day was spent in the ex
amination of John McPhaul, the prin
cipal"examiner in the lieu division of
the General Land Office. He testified
before the Grand Jury and was called
yesterday by the defense. He testified
at length as to several land transac
tions named in the indictment. In one
case the witness had discovered that
640 acros of the school land assigned by
the defendants on what purported to
be a title from Oregon had never been
surveyed. Therefore it had never
passed out of the Government's own
ership, and Oregon had no title to con
vey. In some cases the selections had
been rejected because the defendants
had duplicated their relinquishments,
offering the same school lands as a base
for different sslections. The witness
admitted that sometimes the defend
ants had been permitted to correct the
defects of their application by substi
tuting other base lands. Hyde, he
said, had been active In urging that
these cases be expedited. Much time
was consumed in" going over the records
from the land office relating to the par
cels covered by the indictment, and Mc-
Enerney got out the admission that
where a selection had been passed It
was upon what purported to be a legal
title.
¦
OFFICIAL IN THE GENEHAI, LAND OFFICE AT WASHINGTON AND CELE
BRATED SECRET SERVICE- MAN. BOTH OF WHOM WERE CALLED TESTER
DAY AS WITNESSES FOR THE DEFENSE IN THE LAND FRAUD CASE
SAN JOSE. April 6. — Fruit growers
are complaining of damage being done
to blossoms by the thrlp. This insect
has not heretofore been a disturbing
'¦lemont In the local orchards, al
though one variety has for some years
h«>en a pest In the vinevards.
Inject Damages Fruit Blossoms.
Atlanta Judge Gets Appointment.
WASHINGTON, April '5. — Judge
J. C. Jenkins of Atlanta, Ga., has been
appointed Judge at Large of the
Court of First Instance of the Phil
ippine Islands. =. *¦
"Be it ever so humble, there is no
place like home," and the home canbe
furnished with pretty and artistically
framed pictures at a. very moderate
price by calling on Sanborri, Vail & Co.,
741 Market st. •
EVERETT, Wash., April 5.— A plot
to dynamite 'the quarters of the Japan
ese employes' of the Mukilteo mill was
discovered and frustrated last night.
For some time past the feeling against
the Japanese has been very bitter, or
ganized white labor opposing them
very strongly. Threats were made to
drive the Japanese from this locality
and it is believed that the dynamite
plot was part of a plan to accomplish
this purpose.
Mill the Intended Victims or
Explosion.
Japanese Employes of a Northwestern
FINDING OF DYNAMITE •
HEVEAI.S A CONSPIRACY
a two-barreled derringer pistol. Se
curing this he returned the flre, both
*=hot« taking effect, one through the
cheek and neck and the other through
the body. Higgins fell and when the
nfRcern rushed into the house he
grasped his revolver and again tried
to use it, but he did not have strength
enough. He bled to death before a
physician could be summoned. Shinn
? as arrested, but there Is hardly a
possibility that he will be prosecuted,
it being manifest that he acted in self
defense.
in and overpower him.
Shlr.n entered his home and found
Hoggins in the second room. At sight
of him Higgins began shooting
through an open doorway. He fired
Two phots, when Shinn sprang to a
<3resscr on which he knew there was
MOXROYIA. April 5. — Jackson
Hlggins. one of the best known char
acters In this part of Los Angeles
County, was shot and killed at noon
to-day br E. E Shinn, his stepson,
ffXvr a pistol duel in which the peace
officers here were unwilling -witnesses.
Higgins was considered a dangerous
"character and had been in frequent
brawls and on more than one occasion
had used weapons in his fights. He
invariably went armed and was feared
by the other members of his family.
Higgins and Shinn quarreled yes
terday and the latter swore out a war
rant for Higgins* arrest for disturb
ing the peace. The officers hesitated
to s^rve the warrant because they
knew that Higgins went armed and
they had been told he knew they
wanted him. They arranged with
Shinn to go Into the house at noon
and if possible get between the old
jnan and his gun. then to give a sig
ral and Marsha] TVillits was to rush
5»?eeJtl Plesatch to Th« CalL
After consultation with Judges Mor
row and De Haven, the Commissioner
paid he would sustain the defendants'
objection to Heney's line of questions.
But he added: "I think this is the log
icaj position for me in view of the
Government's action in resting oji the
indictment and refusing, to put In other
evidence the defense contra
dicts it with substantial testimony.
¦ The earlier part of the day was un
eventful, save that it began as it
closed, with a blow to the defense.
Commissioner Heacock announced hi3
decision regarding Heney's efforts on
cross-examination to show that while
Government witnesses. Corbett, Mc-
Cusker et al, had no acquaintance or
correspondence with Hyde or Dimond,
they had had dealings with Benson or
Schneider, the other alleged conspira
tors.
"Mr. Heney's offer to the defense
seems to me a fair one," Heacock said,
in sustaining the Government's objec
tion to McEnerney's question. "I have
already held that the indictment
makes a prima facie case and that the
defense is not entitled to know in ad
vance the evidence on which it was
based. Hence I will not compel the
witness to answer."
So the issue was joined. The ten
sion in the courtroom was tremendous.
After it -was all over Burns safd he
was prepared to refuse to answer Mc-
Enerney's question and would have
gone to jail rather than answer unless
ordered by Government counsel to tell
what letters of Hyde's the prosecution
has ud its sleeve.
"We Intend to prove," said Mc-
Enerney, "that among all the docu
ments this witness has seen there was
nothing of an incriminating nature
and nothing that warrants the hold
ing of the defendant, Hyde."
WOULD GO TO JAIL.
It was th*» old fight in a new form.
Ever since the hearing began the at
torneys for Defendants Hyde and Di
mond have been trying to force the
Government to produce the evidence
on which the indictment was returned,
and, in spite of Commissioner Hea
cock's repeated adverse rulings that
the indictment' established a presump
tion of guilt, which the defense must
contradict by positive testimony be
fore the Government could be com
pelled to disclose its case, lhey have
gone merrily on repeating the same
effort under . different disguises day
after day. Many of the Government
witnesses have been called to show that
they knew nothing to' the discredit of
Hyde or Dimond — a. negative state
ment easily established, as their
Grand Jury testimony had been
against the other members of the al
leged conspiracy. But in Burns tlie
defense had one of the prosecution's,
strongest witnesses and they proposed
to handle him accordingly.
"This is not a fishing excursion, but
an opportunity for the defense to show
their innocence if they can do so. In
order to aid them, we will make this
offer to Mr. McEnerney: If he- will
name any particular paper or letter
written by Hyde which is in our pos
session and which he needs for his
case we will produce it. Otherwise we
shall not consent that this Government
drtective, who has worked up the case,
and who knows all the documentary
evidence on which the Grand Jury
acted, shall be used to assist the de
fense in escaping the effect of your
Honor's decision."
"We object to the question," shouted
Francis J. Heney. special counsel to the
Government. "The defendants are sim
ply trying to find out if we have any
documentary evidence that will dis
prove anything Hyde may say here
after ou the witness stand. They want
to get hold of our case, so that they
may manufacture a defense to fit it.
We do not propose to furnish them
with the testimony given before the
Grand Jury until they have presented
evidence to contradict the indictment.
Your Honor has ruled several times
that our position is correct.
NO FISniXG KXCCRSIOX.
"I am regularly connected with the
secret service work of the Treasury
Department," Burns had replied to Me-
Enerney's preliminary questions, "but
was especially detailed to take charge
of this case as the agent of the Gen
eral Land Office. I first saw the de
fendant Hyde about 1901, when I came
here to work up the Dimmick cases
for the treasury, but I am not person
ally acquainted with him and have had
no correspondence with him." Then
McEnerney probed deeper.
"Tcs," said Burns, answering: him;
"I have seen many of Mr. Hyde's let
ters and papers relating- to the land
cases and matters covered by the in
dictment, but I cannot say where they
are now. I had them in my awn pos
session for a time and turned them over
to Judge Pugh at the Interior Depart
ment in October last."
"What were these letters and papers,
Mr. Burns?" the attorney asked.
The secret service man made no an
swer. <i
days that preceded it. William J.
Burns, the famous Government detec
tive, had been called to the stand by
the defendants in the course of their
daring attempt to use the witness lor
the prosecution to break down the in
dictment found by the Federal Grand
Jury at Washington on the testimony
of these very witnesses. Garret W. Mc-
Enerney, who has the interests of De
fendant Fred A. Hyde especially in
charge, was trying to force Burns to
disclose what documentary evidence
the Government holds against his mil
lionaire client.
ings cane just at the close of
a day of technical battling for
position that was much like the
The climax in the proceed-
the close of the proceedings, when
John A. Benson, who is a constant at
tendant In court under subpena,
waxed wroth at a story in circulation
that he had turned State's evidence.
"It's absolutely fabe," he said. "I
could not do it if I would, and I
would not do it. if I could."
A little flash of flre broke the dull
round of deadly routine In the land
fraud case yesterday. It came after
OFFICERS ARE CAUTIOUS
Attempt to Serve a War
rant for Disturbing Peace
ltesults in a Tragedy
PORTLAND, Or., April 5.— A bomb,
containing two pounds of powder,
heavily charged with nitrogyclerin
and containing a box of 100 detonating
caps, was found on the guard rail of
the steamer Albany of the Western
Transportation Company's line to-day.
The fuse had been .burned almost to
the cap, but had gone. out. Had the
bomb exploded the Albany would
doubtless have been completely wreck
ed and much other damage done.
From the fact that a quantity of
Chinese tissue paper and^ a white sock,
such as is worn by Chinese, were
wrapped around the infernal 'machine,
it is thought that the plot to destroy
the steamer; was evolved by Chinese.
The transportation company ¦ has per
sistently refused to employ; Chinese.
Tissue Paper of the Orientals
Discovered Wrapped About
Two Pounds of Powder
CHINESE ABE SUSPECTED
Infernal Machine Is Found
on the Guard Kail of the
Vessel Albany at Portland
Well-Known Secret Service Man Refuses to Disclose the Evidence
on Which the Alleged Land Grabbers Were Indicted — Com
missioner Heacock Sustains the Government Agent's Stand
Youth Kills Well -Known
Los Angeles County Char
acter in a Pistol Duel
BOMB IMPERILS
THE STEAMSHIP
TAKES THE LIFE
OF STEPFATHER
FEDERAL WITNESS W. J. BURNS
KNOWS THINGS HE WON'T TELL
• - ¦¦ - , ¦ - . - . ¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦. . t - . - ¦ , --¦. ; • • ¦ ¦¦/ .- -. . ;¦ v
THE SAN; : FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; APRIL/ fi, _ 190*.
7
4 ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Sign
Of poor blood circulation is shortness of
breath after walking, going upstairs,
sweeping, singing, excitement, anger,
fright, etc. Poor blood circulation means
a sick heart, and a sick heart is a result
of weak and impoverished nerves.
Every. one knows the results of poor
blood circulation, but everybody does not
know that the quickest and safest treat-
ment is Dr. Miles' New Heart Cure.
If you find these symptoms present,
you should not neglect them, but at once
procure a bottle of
Dp. Miles'
New Heart Cure
It will cure, and at very little expense,
compared with doctors' hills. We are so
sure of it. that if the first bottle does riot
benefit, your druggist will return your
money. Jt will. do for you what It has
done for thousands in like condition.
"For two months I walked on the edgo
of the tomb from weak heart, poor bjood
circulation and nervous prostration. Dr.
Miles' New Heart Cure and Nervine gave
me back my health." — REV. W. A. ROB-
INS. Port Elgin. Ont.
Money back if first bottle fails to ben-
eflt. ¦ : - . ' |
HOTELS AND RESORTS. |
(New)HOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE.
REMODELED AND REBUILT at expensa
of $280,000— New Management— ENTIRELY
FIREPROOF.
LOCATION — Very accessible to street car
lines, theaters, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN.
- 223 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several private rooms in antique decorations,
Turkish Baths in Hotel.
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT, De Stel-
cer. Chef, formerly of Waldorf-Astoria , and
Chef to Prince of Wales.
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone Connec-
tlonn In every room; long distance connections
made with any part of the coast.
Wire for reservations, at our expense.
HOTEL BUTLER. Seattle. -Wash.
Pflifltt* DWT FA!^ TO
I a la WW Me th« beautiful
j COURT Lounging
fl fin room, th* EMPIRB
« UU PARLORV the
-V j PALM ROOM, the
linifld LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU lor, and the LA-
U 1*1- DIES' WRITING
1 Hotels 1 room- j
AMTJFEMEMTS.
•¦A 1 .' '¦'-¦¦''}''' ' |OF-
MOMENT I EXCITEMENT
"When ; crowds pour, in to see |
|--EEB^EBq; : .|
But pll'our "patrons becomp enthusiastic at
V the "All-Star" Cast. '¦•
DELIGHTFUL CHORUS.
¦¦ ' MUSIC. •- «- : -: ' ', ¦
SPECIALTIES.
• NOVELTIES.- " : ¦¦•;-¦ ' _, -.-. ')
RESERVED 'SEATS— Nlshts. 25c, ROc and
7.V. Saturday , and ' Sunday Matinees. • S5c anJ
60c. Children at Matinees, 10c and 25c. .
To-morrow— WHEELMEN'S" NIGHT, r':, 11
Racing . f^^^^Racin|!
Oakland; race track
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB,
Racini ; Each" Week'* Da-Y Rain or Shine.
i Si£ or More Races Daily.
-Races commence at 2:15 p. tn. sharp. -'
'For special train* stopping at the track tak«
8.- P." Ferry. f cot of Market- street, at 12, 12:3o,
1:00, 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking in last two
cars, i which r are reserved : for ladles ; and their
escorts. ;J<SwBt^<IBJ3iaptWa>wSKiPv^**3f!Wy«<
'Returning; trains leave-track at 4:10 and
4:45 and : Immediately; after.' the "last race.
¦¦¦•¦', ¦•¦;'. ..THOMAS f H. - - WILLIAMS.' PrealdenL
PERCY W.' TREAT. Secretary. -
JXO. J. FPLTON CO.
Mew Tssif^
FactsSo Marvelous That the Parties |
Ask to Have Them Certified— j
Not the Slightest Doubt Now As
to the Curability of Chronic i
Bright^ Disease and Diabetes.)
I
Kan Francisco. 2!arch SO, 190*.
I. Thnm«* S. Rurtipf, l»einir a Notary PubliO '
tri and for the «-ity and county of San Krancis*-
i ", and b»>lng rtuly qualified hy the State of j
< aliforr.la to aiJnilnihtfr onths and authenticate ¦¦
'1'K.uments and elen and c»al Fame do hereby
crrtijy aa follow-s:
Thrr* «rc fuch unusual occurr^ncrs b>"ing i
«1aily reported at the office of the John J. Ful-
t'jn Co.. 40» Washington strwt. thai that cor- ',
P"tation le«>ls that thp tactr and thp character '
<t the oorrrspondonc^ attenOinif Eamc will be I
yursiloned WstCH duly certified and authentl- '
'*'.« d by «n offWr entitled to administer oaths i
nn^l rfrtlfy documents as above. They have i
: hcrcf ore aakpd me as euch officer to examine
i-ortip letters received the last f*w day$ and i
«-fritify that the contents are senutne, which I ,
now do.
Among the letters Js the following from W. '•
O. Khepard. a manufarturinic and du»JSenEinif
« hf-min of 1120 Hewitt avenue. Kverett, I
¦\V»fh.. and dated March 23.. It watcs that as |
*howini? th* wonderful pfficipnoy of the Kul- I
ton C'oropoundf! for liriRhfs Disease and Dia- i
r*tes he hat just <-ompleted the one hundred j
>>n<1 fortieth urlualysls and as a result believe* j
thut the action of tlww comj>ounds is as nearly j
»l«t-« Iflr an a irnedlel ag-'nt can be. He of-
?er» thet* reports In a personal letter which he '
h«c written to each r>i>e of the forty-Fix phjrti-
tienR «if Fnchomlsh County.
Anotlier original letter received March 29 '
from Hev. M. M. Brown of 128 .So. 7th *l . j
Meukwnville. «.»hto. states that he is Just rerovl
TinK from Iiiabeu»<« and think? h. it. readv to I
return to hib old diet. He rept>rt« that hehas i
rained fifty-Fix pounds Blnce BtartiJijf r.ith the j
compound, and Fends a Bamr'e for examination i
?o that h* can know if he can abandon the diet |
and live as before. The analvtig showed the
complete dlF«pr»cara.nce ©f the sujjar. thus con-
firmtnir the patienf« recoverj".
Another letter is from a tourist in Lou An-
K«*le*. who has believed that he could not re-
cover from IMabfte*. He went on «he Dialx-tic !
'"empound some weeks ago without any con- '
fldencc whatever. He writes March £8 sim-
ply through hie cxul«rance of uplrlt*. to eay '
I hat to his great delight lie is without pain and I
is now as sure that he will recover as he was '
rx-fore that he would not recover. He flrFt I
thougrht his better feeling wa» imagination, j
Ittit he writes now that he is delighted beyond
measure and Is taking the matter up by mail I
with hi* Eastern physician, thinking It his
•luty to Impress on him the value of this dis-
••^verj'- H" clones: "I am now happy, hepe-
ful and almost free from pain, whereas before ,
I wa* det-pondent and In pain every time I j
walked a little or made the least exertion."
Another letter wa* from a lady living In
Hulte <*ounty. who states that her phyeiclan
<»-he pave the name), who is well known up
:her<\ had Just started her on the treatment.
And admitted that he had had Brlgbt's Disease
nn<1 thtt Fulton'n Renal Compound had saved
hi)« own life. This physician is well known
. In the northern part of the State, especially to
railroad J>eople.
Another letter was from S. A. Palmer, a
rtrugjrlrt at friantu Cruz, who Ftatew that the j
Sgmuid down there Is largely increasing, due
i/i fhe faet that thofe who are recovering are |
¦')'.i. w other* about it. •
Another letter was from J. II. Wright, a
of Mineral Well*. Texas, placing an
• trfjer for three dozen for liinisclf. with a re-
fK-rt that th* last three dozen had entirely re-
¦ " • » <i the albumen.
Anther letter received March 30 from W.
<1. KIllT of i^iclanr Wash., states that he has
now takm th*- compound for HriirnCs Disease
fm*. m'lftih* and he has made such progress
«i*t h»- b*!levri» he. will In a few months be a I
w-ll tr>»r> again. lit* concluding sentence, J
"i'tir whl'h I rhall unceasingly praise the Ful-
j/jrt <*«wnpoufi4 . "
f,» <:•¦•?>!;¦: ¦* the above may «eem, they are
«*.fjr part tA the late correrpondeno* eubmltted
*r»i1 »r* «etiutrv> in all rcupectn. "fthd the facts
»*tt l>* mrrxW^ *<y "'I without reserve.
,'m.«i n.y i ;i!,.i and official Real at €26
V,'in*H*ttirry «1reei. thl« March 30, 190*.
'(v*O TIIOMAK K. BCKNBS.
*1txatr ftthlie In *ni for I he City and County
t/t ls*n Kranriaro. .
tr,Mt*t**, HrHiit'« •tt'l Chronic Kidney Dig- 1
•»¦» »f» arm ruraMe in nearly nlne-
f/mfc* »<f "II '***+. JP"or rM«bet»^r «j»k for Pul-
m,'* tr\m»»4%< <UmtVniTt<\. Vnr nright'a snd
(¦./--•>.- !/«»»•»** mutt for Fultnn'c nenal Com-
yttttsi- At nil nr*i'*-t**n <1rurKl*t«' In this city
,-t »< »lf ttwrtMM P"<nt« throaghout the
f->f**4 t '•"» tt*-ti<l tor -r«n>r'HI**tK and lint
¦ft 1 ; «**f #t$4 tu$»**rn •retit*. AddreKK Jno. J. ,
*uif*m 'V* **# 1V»«»ilii«ifii) ttreet, Han Fna- 1
AMUSEMENTS.
4 Wclsons: Oinnr nnrt 3Iargina: 5 Mo-
wats;. Mazus am! Mazett; Coakley
and McBrlde; Wesson, Walters and
Wesson; James II. Ciillen;
LA BELLE GUERRERO,
Presenting "La Gitana," and Or-
phcuni Motion Pictures.
j negiilar Matinees every Wednesday. Thurs-
[ day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c. 23c.
I and 50c.
j . .. — . . ; •
I "PRAISE AND PLAUDITS GALORE."
Every evening, including Sunday.
Mat'nee Saturday only.
F. Zicgfeld Jr. presents
j In her ernat<"»t musical comedy success,
X MAM»SELLE
NAPOLEON
j 100 COMPANT 100
! The Handfomejft Chonia in the World.
"SHU'S THE SAMS OLD GIRL."
I Seats for next week ready Thursday. ?
! THIS WEEK ONLY — MAT. SATURDAT.
IMJ FISKE]
¦ In Sardou's Comedy,
DIVUR CO N S
x Preceded by -f ¦'. -'¦¦.'
A BIT OF OLO CHELSEA
NEXT XVFEK— Mon.. Tues.. Wed..
(¦ Thurs.. Sat. Mat.. "A DCLL'S HOUSE."
; Krl.. "HKBDA GABLER." Seats ready.
A T /"I A rt A Tl Bel a««> * Mayer,
ALCAZAR .-rasa,-
. j_; General Manager.
TO-HIOMT— MATS. SAT. AOT> STIIT.
BEST FUN IN TOWN!
¦ Augustus Thomas' Merriest Comedy, .
ONTHEp.
r"*iii-ETr- [sSm
Tl'llliam Collier's Greatest Success.
ALL THE ALCAZAR FAVORITES.
REGULAR PRICES RESUMED.
Evjf.. 2Sc to 75c; Mats. Sat. & Sun.. 25c to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY — Bronson Howard's Comedy.
ARISTOCRACY/
Market Street. Near Eighth... Phone South 533
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES: SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Mammoth Spectacular Production of
AROUND THE WORLD
m EIGHTY DAYS.......
•£• ioo— PEOPLE INj.THE CAST— 100. >
Marnlficent Scenery! Gorgeous Costumes! *.j
Bothwell Browne's Brilliant Champagne Ballet!
UyiTnC Evenings...-;.....'. ...... ..10c to BOo
rRIVCJ .10c, 15c. 23c
Next— IN ; THE HANDS OF THE . ENEMY.
: |v?bH:PlERC'E9 ; ---iV
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
'-. ';«Vf'v-r. : FOR.THf.,'.vi..- i /_
'A ' BLOOP - II VER« HJ NG& .
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
AjrrjSF,TvrETrra
MECHANICS? PAVILION
TO-DAY, 2:15.
TO-NIGHT, 8:15.
FOLLOW THE CROWDS.
THEY MUST BE XXGKT.
5685 People Witnessed
NORRIS & ROWE'S
NEW BIG SHOWS
YESTESDAT.
A JTEW CIBCTT8 THBOPQHQUT.
Admission— Adults 2fc; children 15c Res#rv»d
seats— Adults 50c; children 25c Box seats fl.
Scats on Sale at Mechanics' Pavilion.
CALIFORNIA
jjOk SCREAMS OF LAUGHTER. flg^
m Th? farce that has made millions fi
I McFADDEN'S I
I ... FLATS.,. I
>J Kntlre Original Company 'jig »e*n fo- £
8 200 nlshts In- New York; 100 nlght» In S
Chlcaro. . %
Don't miss th* "Yelloir Kld»." fun- 1
niest little fellows you hare ever seen. £!
¦ BRING the CHlLDni^f SATURDAT. ¦
•TIVOLl'ffi®."-
EASTEU WEEK— Farewell Performances or
the Tlvoli's Best Musical Comedy
A\R. PICKWICK
With All the Tlvoll Favorites and the Great
BEAUTY CHOBTJS.
Beginning MONDAY EVENING. April 11
magnificent revival of MUloecker's comic opera
masterpiece,
THE BEGGAR STUDENT
With a Tremendous Ca»t land 1 Reappearance oC
OABO ROMA ana BOHEVX0O BT7SSO.
TTVOLI MATINEES SATURDAYS ONLT
UBUAL POPULAR PRICES— 23c.- 60c »nd
75c; proscenium and mezzanine box seats, ft.
Clark's Comedy Dog Circus ;
And t> Great Show Urtxj Aftunooa and
: Evening- In th« Theator. .
TAKE- A RIDE ON THE MINIATURE !
ELECTRIC R.MLROAD.
ANIMALS FP.OM ALL CLIMES IN THE ZOO.
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE,
AMATEUR NIQHT THURSDAY.
Admission, 10c; Children. 9c.
When Phoninr Ask for. "The Chute»."
XXSCEItZJLXTSOVa AMUSiSMUJITa.
ALHAMBRA \
Schumann-Heink
To-Morrow Night, 8:15
"TSaturdai Matinee, 2:30
Seats $2.00 fl.50. $1.WV^-Box Of flee
Sherman. Clay * Co.
BASBBALL
Oakland vs. Portland;
AT RECREATION PARK.
Eishth an-1 Harrison st»." . '
Wfdnesday. Thursday; and Friiiay. 3:30 9. m.
Satarday. 3 p. m. ' j
Sunday. 2:30 p. m.
Ladles* Days Thursday and rrtday.
' .Advance : tale of seats at 5 Stocktoa tL .
PATTOSIEN'S.
OO Days More arid the Retiring 00
LL Sale Will Be Over LL
j ffi^grBwBi§6P*HpBi^BBwBHwW
Kyy^Sa^y si^iSjy^TBiaaaayBti^SL^iiiiiiBii^^
f he unparalleled success of Pattosien's Great Retiring Sale
due to the fact that customers recognize and are not slow to
appreciate
A REAL CUT IN PRICES.
On every piece of furniture in the tremendous stocks is
prominently displayed the Retiring Sale Tag, marked in. plain
iigures. The regular price is crossed out and the sale price sub-
stituted beneath it. The difference —
THE WONDERFUL PRICE SAVING
—is apparent at a glance. E?il
That this retiring is generally considered to be the greatest
FURNITURE EVENT
that is likely to occur this or in any other season is proved by
the fact that hundreds of customers are buying now, even
though they have no immediate need for furniture or carpets,
and are having their purchases stored # away.
NOTE — AU goods bought during this sale must be
delivered before May 10. ' ' '•
PATTOSIEN CO.
Corner Sixteenth and Mission.
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
Roast Beef. hi
Materials; — Two or more ribs
Cflpp^-V^^tr? __ or a heavy piece of loin; salt, tQ^m
(C^yvf pepper, flour, a piping hot oven. 5?2?2
¦ - . ¦ " \ . -- •¦—.-'-
' - ' = '' ' -'
'^k^ki W f* af^
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE
Seasoning: — Add to each pint of gravy one tablcspoonful of LeaCS.
Perrins' Sauce. The aroma and taste, of gravy thus
seasoned : will add zest to ; appefite and relish to the
/roast. Try it and be convinced.
f - ¦ ¦ \ ¦.-,'¦:¦.. ¦; ¦ '¦¦ ..-¦ . '". ¦ ¦
> JOHN : DUNCAN'S* SONS, Agent*, NEW. YORK..,;.The two classes of deaf and^dumb
children from the Harrison' primary
school attended the Norris & Rowe
circus at Mechanics' Pavilion yester
day Jifternoon in a bodyl They, en
joyed the show very much.'
-.The circus drew great crowds, 1 ' both
yesterday af ternoonj and . last evening,'
and the' big pavilion was / taxed. ¦ The
acts were/ good and •were* hailed Vwith
delight by the audience, :; Each -.was
executed without loss .of "arid
one' followed in rapid suc
cession, so • that there * were no ; waits
between times.. .- /.:¦>' . s ,
DEAF AX1> DUMB CHILDREN . •.¦
ATTEND CIRCUS IN A BODY
Helen Doctur Is Released.
Helen Doctur, the colored woman
who gave herself up to the police
Monday night, claiming she had shot
a woman in Cleveland, Ohio, was re
leased yesterday. The Chief of Police
at Cleveland telegraphed ¦ that he did
not want th? Dootur woman, as she
had only shot at a woman in his city.
SACRAMENTO, April 5.— At the headquar
ter* of the BulUJInff Trades Council this morn
ln* A. J. Conrad stated that about 250 union
men were at work In various branches of the
building trades, an Increase of twelve over the
returns of yesterday.
Last night the reverend gentleman
was given assurance of the esteem in
which he is held by those who heard
him Easter Sunday. He was extend
ed the hearty cordiality characteristic
of San Francisco's citizens.
Among the many present to honor
the rector were:
The Bishop of California an<l Urn. Nlrholn,
his Britannic Majesty's Consul Oneral Courte
nay SV. Bennett and Mrs. Bennett. Mlos Ous-
Ble Foute. Archdeacon Emery. Mr. and Mr*.'
William Mintser. Mr. and Mrs. .. Thorns* P.
Woodward, Robert Woodward, MIbs Ethel
Woodward. Urn. J. Russell Wilson. Mrs. Mount
ford Wilson. Mr. and Mrs. Wilfred B. Chap
man, the Rev. Burr Miller Weeden and Mr*.
Wreden, the Hev. William E. Hayes. U M.
Rlntrwait. Mrs. Elliott McAllister. . Mr. and
Mrs. 8. If. Parker, Mrs. Asbe, the Rev. Ernest
Bradley, Rev. Mr. Clark. Rev. Dr. McClure,
Mrs. Tewkerbury, Miss Gwin, Mix* Maynard,
Mies Bailie Maynard. Miss Colbourn. Mr. and
Mrs. Pelham Ames. Mr. and Mm. W. R. Sher
wood. Herbert- Folger, Mr. and Mrs. William
II. Holt and Miss Holt, Cyril Holt, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Platt. Miss Platt. Mr. and Mrs.
"VValtje, Mr. and Mrs. Fisher Ames, the Misses
Glbbs, the Rev. Robert E. Lee Cral<r. Mr. and
Mrs. Daniel Mcl>>od, Mr*. Hrott Wilson, Miss
Helen Wilson. Klrkham Wrljrht. Miss Jcan
nette Wrirht. Miss Marlon WrlRht, Dr. and
Mrs. J. de C. Hathaway, Mr. Catton, Mr. and
Mr*. George Foasey Jr., Paul Clark and Har
vey Wickham. v
Although the Rev. Mr. Evans ar
rived only as recently as last Wed
nesday he has already made a host of
warm friends. He delivered his first
sermon in this city 6n Easter Sunday
and his earnestness and straightfor
ward and unconventional introduc
tion of himself to his flock made an
Impression that was profound both on
his congregation and the vestrymen
and all other officers of the church.
A large assemblage of representa
tive men and women of the Protestant.
Episcopal Church gathered last night
at the Century Club to emphasize
their resDect for and welcome to the
Rev. David, J. Evans of New York, the
new rector of Grace Church, to whom
they tendered a splendid reception.
The cozy and pretty rooms of the
club were specially arranged for the
occasion and the spacious assembly
hall was handsome and bright with its
flower-adorned table In the center.
The rector's parishioners, and scores
from outside Grace Church parish, be
gan to arrive about 8:30 o'clock and
were received by the Right Rev. Wil
liam Ford Nichols, Bishop of Califor
nia, and Mrs. Nichols and the vestry
men of Grace Church.
Kdward Thomas, a colored soldier.
l-eported to the police last night that
two other negro soldiers had taken
two shots at him in Pinckney alley, one
of the bullets taking effect in his right
hand. Thomas had been visiting a
woman named Mamie Leyda. When
he left the place he was assaulted.
Officers Minahan and Silver heard the
shots, but when they arrived on the
scene the culprits had fled. Jealousy
ever the woman named is ascribed as
the cause of the shooting.
Negro Soldier Shot in Hand.
Grace Church! Congregation
and Officers Extend Greet
ing to the ltev. if. J. Evans
Whether Madame Schumann-Heink
reminds more of Nordica or of Mr.
Denis O'Sullivan .is difficult to decide.
The singer gave the first of her three
recitals at the Alhambra last night
to an audience that reserved no en
thusiasms. Its Easter hat, too, was
in complimentary evidence, together
with a general spring air about things.
Perhaps of the great Grau sextet we
had here in the dear, dead' days of three
years ago, Sembrich, Melba, Nordica,
Gadski, Calve, Schunjann-Heink, the
contralto is best, because uniquely re
membered. There was only one con
tralto — we haven't forgotten her, to
Judge by the numbers tucked into the
Alhambra last night. And when she
walked out, be-medaled round that
noble decolletage of hers like a Dewey,
and with her mirthful brown eyes al
most lost in her smile, we did not for
get to cheer. -; X'
We have heard since her appearance
here of the contralto's comic opera en
gagement for this year. There were
some to wonder what that meant—
further than that the roguish Madda
lena of "Die Meistersinger" was about
to illume the comic opera she is so
brilliantly fitted to adorn. It means
evidently just this, that Madame
Schumann-Heink will appear in comic
opera* because she will, not because,
say, Wagner, in the solemn slang of
the moment, has "ruined hei* voice." .
Hardly. The voice— ah, such a. voice!
An opulent, vivid, luscious "volume of
sweets — is in its freshest prime. The
singer seems never to touch the re
serves of its power. She sings one big
thing after another without the slight
est sign of fatigue. , the voice as se
renely pure at the end of_ the pro
gramme as at the beginning. There
may be another such voice and with, a
brain behind it like Sehumann-Heink's,
but f the possibility is easily doubtful.
Our city halls have echoed to none such
in my experience, nor, I fancy, "are
likely to. •¦ . •"•••¦
Perhaps. there is a less vividly intel
lectual quality in Hchumann-Heink's
musical speech than in Nordica's, but
there is the same dramatic verve, abso
lute technical authority and wide range
of sympathy. And the vocal • quality.
Take the Nordica voice, run it down to
that deep E of "Der Wanderer," hon
eyed and heady like old mead, and you
have the Schumann-Heink. organ.. One
noted it -in the unforgotten. glories of
"Lohengrin,"- where the sister voices of
the two were interwoven beyond recog
nition. The Denis O'SuIlIvan resem
blance—our brilliant expatriate- has
Just been giving. his Hugo Wolf to
London— is, as easily defensible, nor
needs defense to those who know both
singers.
The fun, the dithyramblc dash, the
heart, the lively f eryor, \ besides all the
other gifts that make Denis O'Sullivan.
a born singer of songs, make Schumann-
Heink equally such. In fact, she is as
much at home'in concert as' in. opera.
She warmed up on the "Mitrane" aria
Automobile Goes Up In Flames.
An automobile caught fire and was
"totally destroyed at Fell and Stanyan
streets at 8 o'clock last night. The fire
was preceded by an explosion, the
force of which threw the chauffeur and
a companion that was riding with him
to the pavement. The two disap
peared after the occurrence without
giving their names. Neither was se
riously injured.
Fraternity Honors D. Delany.
The first banquet of the Delta Sigma
Fraternity was held at Its clubrooms.
171 Carl street, last Saturday night in
honor of D. Delariy, who has just re
turned from a trip abroad. . The toast
master, of the evening was Mr. Lon
don. Speeches were made by J. Burt,
W. Triebel, H. Rudee, R. Stierlen and
F. Lewenthal.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. April 5.— Tte cases of
\V. S. Taylor. John Powers and Charles Fin
l«-r. charged -with complicity In the murd*
of" William Go«bel. w*re called In the Circuit
Ceurt to-day and passed to the next term.
W. H. Carlton. also charged with complicity,
fulled to appear and his bond was declarttt
forfeited. . '
GIVE RECTOR
WARM WELCOME
WORLDS FIRST
CONTRALTO AT
THE ALHAMBRA
On Friday Edward Howard Griggs.
famed from end to end of the country
as an exponent of ethics, will begin a
eeries of lectures in the parlors of the
First Unitarian Church under the aus
pices of the Channing Auxiliary lec
ture committee. The series will be
as follows: Friday, April 8, 3:30
o'clock, "Pierre Loti, the Sensitive
Dreamer"; Saturday, April 16, 10:30
o'clock, "Marie Bashkirtseff: A Mod
ern Woman's Problem"; Monday.
April 18, ,3:30 o'clock. "Ravenna, the
Light ThatFailed" (with stereopticon).
The course tickets (coupon) are on
sale at $1, with single admission at
50 cents.
Voting. Colieffc Man Comes Back to
California linden With Laurels
Won in Classic Centers.
EDWARD HOWARD GR1GGS TO
GIVE TALKS ON ETHICS
: To-morrow night there- is another
concert. . Pawn your boots if need be,
but go, _ that is if you care anything
about good, singing, v
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
To Miss Josephine Hartman, who
accompanies, with excellent^taste, there
is also the credit of two nicely given
piano solos, a Chopin nocturne, (C
minor) and the Wagner-Liszt "Liebes
tod." ; . »¦">¦• ¦"-;: : £ ;'.' ¦ s>V
Except the first, a facile'Tind pretty
thing, they were worth little beyond
what Schumann-Heink lent them. A
beautiful "Widmung" then roused the
attendant fatherlanders to hysterical
fiights of appreciation and the rest of
us to following suit.
Kine of another color is "Die Drei
Zigeuner," in which Lizst rhapsodizes
a l'Hongroise for voice and piano.
Tremendously effective- this became
with the dramatic fervor of this Or
trud behind it. The>*cycle, "Poet
Love," of Schumann — the "Im Wun
derschonen Monat Mai" — lusciously
sung; "Aus Meinen Thraneri Spries
sen" and "Die Rose, die Lllie" follow
ed to yet more enthusiasm. '^v
Perhaps the bravas — that began un
ashamed after the* Schubert "group —
reached their loudest" for the splendid
rendering of the. Prison Scene from
/'Der Prophet." Here the fabulous fa
cility of Madame's vocal machinery
were in the best evidence. She sings,
actually with the flexile ease of .a
coloratura soprano, turns, .roulades,
scales, trills— no, the trill was not of
the best in its mezzo forte variety
running like syrup" from a pitcher—^as
I believe I have said before. A ; dashing
bolero of Arditi's ended f the .pro
gramme. * ;.
"Der Wanderer" being imperiously
encored. Perhaps as fine a thing
as any on the programme fol
lowed in the recitative and air, "The
Lord Is Near," given with utmost
majesty. The singer then introduced a
new Wolf song, "Heimweh," distinc
tive, original and most engaging. It
was enthusiastically encored for its
own sake and kindily repeated by the
singer. The three Riedl songs from
"The Trumpeter of Sakktngen," also
new here, followed.
of Rossi's, a Schubert group that im
mediately placed her en rapport with
the audience, "Du bist die Ruh,"
"Wohln" and "Der Wanderer." The
"Mitrane" is a grave and gracious aria
that promises heavily for further ac
quaintance.
Schubert, of course, was splendidly
treated* by his gifted countrywoman,
The Oceanic Company's steamship
Ventura, Captain Hayward, from Aus
tralia and way ports, dropped anchor
in the harbor shortly after midnight
this morning. She was twenty-three
days out from Sydney and seven days
from Honolulu. Her passenger list
includes 146 in her first cabin. 73 in
the second cabin and 73 in the steer
age.
Steamship Ventura Arrives.
COO K TKSTI FI KS.
Mrs. G. Smith, who occupied the
when she attempted to explain
Frank McGowan. one of her attor
neys, did a,, kangaroo attitude and
slid in a verbal objection that warned
the defendant not to be prolix in her
speech.
questions were fired at her by Dis
trict Attorney Byington. The first re
garded her identity, the second her
familiarity with her own handwriting
and the last as to whether or not the
could identify a certain anonymous
letter sent to Mrs. Dunning. To all of
these she replied in curt negatives, and
Brick Is Hurled Into Ijinrc Shosv
Case of Kaphnd's Store on
Keamy Street,
A large plate glass in the show win
dow of Raphael's Loan Office at 602
K*>arny street .was broken about 5
o'clock yesterday morning by thieves.
They became frightened before they
were able to secure any plunder.
The crash of the glass was heard by
a passing pedestrian", who notified Po
licoman Xelson. He ran to the scene,
but the thieves had fled.
In the window were a lot of field
glasses and some cheap watches.
A brick was the implement used in
the -destruction of the window. The
Job is attributed to window smashers
Who have worked successfully in the
lower business BSCtlon of town lately.
WINDOW SMASHERS BREAK
GLASS IN PAWNSHOP
ASSISTANT DISTRICT ATTORNEY ROBERT FERRAU WHO OPENED THE ARGUMENT FOR THE PROSECUTION IN THE
BOTKIN CASE YESTERDAY AFTERNOON. CONTINUING THE SAME LAST EVENING AN1> OCCUPYING HOURS IN THE
SUMMING UP OF THE EVIDENCE AGAINST THE ACCUSED.
The following officers and members
have been entrusted with arrange
ments for the event: President. W. 11.
Smith: vice president. R. Felge: re
cording secretary, F. E. Burger; finan
cial secretary, H. Vf. Miller; treasurer.
G. Edward Sterling; sergeant at arm?.
R. E. Mueller; collector M. B. A.. S. F.
Mahar; trustees— J. Z. Barnett. C. H.
Allen and Harry Leber; committee o"
arrangements — F. E. Burger (chair
man), R. E. Mueller. R. Feige. C. H.
Allen and J. Z. Barnett; floor manager,
W. H. Smith; assistant, J. F. Kenney:
floor committee — D. J. Hollohan. J. J.
Healy. H. W. Miller. T. J. Gallagher;
Peter Nelson. W. H. O'Connor and E.
E. Meyers; reception committee. Mrs.
R. E. Mueller, Mj3. Edna Swaite. Mrs.
G. Edward Sterling, Mrs. W. H. Smith.
Mrs. J.. F. Kenney, Mrs. J. Z. Barnett.
Mrs. C. H. Allen. O. G. Rhoe, H; S.
Skinner and A. S. MHey.
As a sanitary measure governing
barber shops a committee consisting
of A. Gorfinkel. Frederick Smith. J. Lt
Hirsch and R. F. . Dumont . was ap
pointed by the Barbers' Union to In
vite the cc-operatlon of the Health
Department in taking notice of cer
tain shops which seem to be neglectful
on this particular point.
The seventh annual ball of the Na
tional Association of Letter Carriers
iv ill be held at Maple Hall. Oakland,
to-night. «
It Is the quantity of fish that each
boat should catch that is disturbing the
evenness of the fishermen up north
this season and not the rate of wages.
The rate heretofore allowed each boat
on a catch was fixed at 1000; this year
the men want the limit increased to
1300. with the Drices as before: 2 cents
each for dogfish. 2% cents for red and
silverslde flsh, and 10 cents for salmon,
with $50 for crewing the vessels to and
from Astoria to the fishing grounds.
The difference being so little it Is
thought that the canneries will yield
rather than get Into a tangle # with
their men at this time, when every day
counts in the general catch for the
season.
The General Executive Board of
Brotherhood of Painters, Decorators
and Paperhangers of America has is
sued the following for the benefit 1 of
those interested In the trouble that
grew out of the semi-annual election
for officers last December:
Wbereaa, Certain difficulties have arisen be
tween the brothers of local union Jso. 1» or
our brotherhood, and • • ¦ ¦ • tM ¦
Whereas U U deemed , advls * bIe , t L°! e J. t i f '
• n such differences amicably and without un
necessary delay, we. the undersigned, mem
bers of the law and legislative eo™ 10 "^^';
the organisation generally referred to M tea
Jewle street element, thereunto » ut^
ii-<l by the membsrs of our orK-nlxat.on
hereby submit th« following propositions a»
a basis of comcromlse. ai*J we P 1^*??"/
ae!ves as individuals and for our organization
that the' tame, will be honestly, fairly ani
faithfully executed in case they are accepta.0!
t> the conteruilns partis* and to the general
executive board of our brotherhood: ¦
F!r*t— That the charter of local union >.
10 be surrendered to the general executes
board ami that the aaM local union be dis
banded. That two new charters be Issued,
on? to the Jewie street e!em«nt an* one • to
the Misxlon ttreet element, but that neither
of said elements shall be chartered as local
union Ka I!».
Second — Ali moneys held by each element at
th^ dato of the ratification of this «rMni»nt
to be placed In a common fund — and that funj
then to be divided equally between th» tw-»
elements. *hare ami share aMke.
Third— All fine*, suspensions or espulJiKy»
accruing or arising out of the present differ
ences existing between the two element* or
local union No. 19 to be revoked and expunged
from the records of said organization and all
act* done in connection with the imposing of
such fines, suspension or expulsion to be de
clsrcd nnll. ve'd and of no effect.
Fourth — tiocal union No. 503 to b# restored
to all its rights and privileges as a member
ot the brotherhood.
if pr^parinir lt» answer to the carmen, and,
unless the leader* are determined to t>e unrea
t-ontible it would «fm as th<<u*h all trouble
*ill tx'avolded and that the men will be per
fectly Satisfied vlth our proposal. But this Is
¦ matter we cannot a?rume. For months part
we ha\e been in receipt of information from a
variety of sources that has forced us to be
lieve that Fnme of the members and leader* of
the I'armen'e t'nton contemplated and were
preparing to inaugurate trouble this Fprtn*.
Wr have never contemplated a voluntary look
cut or stoppajre of the operation of our property;
on the contrary. *' p desire to operate it with
out intermission, and we are In duty bound to
the public, to ourselves «nd to the law to take
ell lawful means to accomplish this.
It se^ms a rumor has beon Being around that
the company jjrnj>o!u?ii to declare a lockout nnd
to dcptroy the Carmen's Union. This is calcu
lated to irritate the ir.en and cr.Iist outside
*ymnathy. Th* etory is untrue. The company
Manager Chapman, referring to the
visit of President Cornelius and Secre
tary Bowlinsr, said they had broached
to him j;esterday a proposition that
the company stop hiring men for the
jrresent and continuing he said:
In a statement issued late last niph*
the union claims that it has absolute
proof that the company Is preparing
for a strike by storing provisions in
gnd making other preparatiocs in its.
tar barns and is employing new men
from different parts of the country at
th? rate of ten a day and pledging
them not to join the local union.
Last night the union held a meeting
and adopted resolutions condemning
the action of the company in hiring ad
d'Uonal men, who, it is claimed, are
being engaged for the purpose of an
ticipating a probable strike and the
president of the union was instructed to
notify President Holland of the United
Kailroads that if the company did not
Immediately cease employing new men
the union members would refuse to
break them in until the matter of ar
ranging the terms of a new agreement
has been concluded.
Richard Cornelius and J. H. Bowling,
president and secretary respectively of
the Carmen's Union, called on Manager
Chapman of the United Railroads yes
terday, with a view of learning
vh*»thpr the company was prepared to
irive Us answer to the recent demands
made by the men. They were informed
that the reply was not ready, but in all
probability it would be to-day or to
morrow.
Six years have wrought, changes in
memories, although not in beliefs.
When Mrs. Botkin was first tried 8he
was convicted and a sentence of life
imprisonment was imposed on her.
The verdict was reversed by the Su
preme Court on technical grounds
arfd the present trial resulted.
The defendant herself was the first
witness called during the, proceeding
yesterday. She took the stand at the
request of the District Attorney. Three
In the closing testimony of the
prosecution there was n > evidence of
a sensation, which all throughout the
trial has been promised. Less dramat
ically than the opening was the closing
of a case wherein a woman's life is
tip-tilted with a possible verdict that
the rough strands of a hemp rope
may leave marks on her throat that
will testify truthfully to the manner
of her death.
The evidence connecting Cordelia
Botkin with the. murder of Mrs. John
P. Dunning is in. All that remains of
the trial is the argument of the counsel
for .the defense and the closing argu
ment of District Attorney Byington.
Twelve men In the Jury box will de
cide the question whether or not Mrs.
Botkin caused the death of Mrs. John
P. Dunning and Mrs. Joshua P. Deane
in August, l£9S,in Dover. Del., by send
ing to the former, from this city, a box
of poisoned candy.
The testimony of both sides was con
cluded yesterday afternoon. Among
the features were the reappearance of
Mrs. Botkin herself, called by the pros
ecution In regard to the authorship of
the anonymous letters alleged to have
been sent to Mrs. Dunning. John P.
Dunning was called by the prosecution
on an unimportant fact, and Attorney
McGowan, for the defense, asked Dun
ning a question that was quickly ob
jected to by the prosecution, and the
objection was sustained by Judge Cook.
The embarrassing question was:
"Are you not ashamed of some of the
testimony you gave on the stand dur
ing this trial?"
Dunning wagged his head negatively,
but before the spoken words of his de
nial could creep into the record the
prosecution shut off his verbal reply.
Mrs. Botkin was called to testify re
garding her knowledge of one of the
anonymous letters. The craning necks
of an unusually large number of
women followed her as ehe wobbled to
the witness stand. Gowned in black
and heavy beyond an excuse of fatness,
Mrs. Botkin went to the front at the
call of District Attorney Byington.
There was nothing in her appearance
that would suggest the picture of a
woman who is alleged to have ruined
a home by her attractiveness.
SENSATION" NOT ''SPRUNG.
Under the ordeal of the opening argu
ment Mrs. Botkin lost the wonted fliuh
in her cheeks and her ordinarily tense
lips grew into a straight line. Her
hands were nervous and the neck mus
cles twitched, but there was no other
indication of a physical breakdown, as
has been told by prophets.
Assistant District Attorney Ferral oc
cupied more than an hour during his
argument in the afternoon session, and
when adjournment time came Judge
Cook announced that a night session
would be held. At S o'clock^last night
Assistant District Attorney Ferral fin
ished his argument and closed at 10:20.
To-day Attorney Knight will make
the opening argument for the defense.
Argument of counsel was in order,
and Assistant District Attorney Ferral
left his seat and faced the Jury. Dur
ing the first part of his terrific arraign
ment of the defendant his voice was
bad, but he warmed up In a few min
utes and thereafter his denunciations
rang out clearly and coldly, like the
snapping of a pine under stress of frost.
FERRAL OPENS.
Copies of a dally paper published in
this city were packed into, the court
room by G. G. Weigel to show that
certain interviews with reporters al
leged by the prosecution were never
printed. This ended the testimony.
When Dunning walked into the court
room on the demand of the District At
torney Mrs. Botkin talked excitedly for
one minute to Attorney McGowan.
After that Dunning testified as to a se
cured loan he obtained from Mrs. Cor
bally, the woman of mystery in the
trial. He said that the transaction
was entirely proper and that he never
had illicit relations with the woman in
question. On cross-examination At
torney McGowan asked the witness a
question regarding his lack of shame.
It was ruled out by the court.
Charles Brown, purser of the steamer
Pomona in 1897, called by the defense,
told that when he acted In the capacity
named the steamer carried mail. This
testimony was introduced to support
the defense in its theory that one of
the anonymous letters, which has been
"declared to be in Mrs. Botkin's hand
writing, could hot have been mailed by
her because it was postmarked at San
Francisco on N a date when f she was in
Humboldt County.
been poisoned and sent to Mrs. Dun
ning at Dover. Delaware.
Mrs. Smith was retired after a
declaration that a doctor might have
visited Mrs. Botkin on the date in ques
tion unknown to the witness.
Fishermen Desire to Catcli
1300 a Boat— Barbers
After Unsanitary. Shops
Chapman Refutes Stories
That Conipany Is Trying
to Precipitate Trouble
WILL NOTIFY HOLLAND
Knight Will Plead for Defendant's
. Acquittal To- Day.
WANT LIMIT INCREASED
FeiraFs Strong Words Make Ac-
V t '¦£; >v r Y a ivt
cused Grow Pale and Nervous.
Say They Will Refuse to
Break In Any ilen Hired
to Oi>erate Local Cars
Trouble Between Contend
ing Factions of Painters
May Be Settled Amicably
NEW GRIEVANCE
OF THE CARMEN
McGowan Prevents Prisoner at Bar
From Giving Prolix Answers.
Dunning Goaded by Questions Af
fecting Sense of Honor.
PROSECUTION IN BOJKIN MURDER CASE
BEGINS ITS ARGUMENT TO THE JURY
SUBMIT BASIS
OF COMPROMISE
fHE SAN : FRANCISCO' CALL;' WEDNESDAY, APRIL 6, 1904.
exalted position of cook at the Vic
toria Hotel during: Mrs. Botkin's resi
dence there, came next to the stand
to disprove any knowledge of a visit
by a physician on July 31, 1,898, to
Mrs: Botkin, at the time when the ac
cused woman is charged with pur
chasing- the candy alleged to have
8
W,^^ .-_,-,.,¦ w _ _ _ „ j DOAN'S 'KIDNEY FILLS.
••»2JS25$«f«C®«9999©e0999©©«99©€i0©e9©999©99a09©e©09S©Qftee©C>«»©99999»O
09999999999e©099999e99<I»9d9®99909e«e999999999999909©99eG999a89999 v 99d
•9 ¦•-.•»- . ' - ; .'¦*¦¦¦¦ "I";-' "¦'¦... ••-¦•-->. ¦ ••
Q* ' ' ••
99 !&&3Si^6&^^ 9®
•• That constant backache! Strikes you any time— o^^^^^e^. C S
©© 'tis the first symptom of Kidney ills— comes in many 2°
§S forms — sudden twinges of pain— slow exhaustive J^^^^^^^^^k Jo
•• aches — Kidneys out of order, require relief. Bock- Jj^^^^Mffl^l| *fW Jg
®» ache is a Kidney warning— neglect the warning, other Nw@fj j&ijggflS W ••
SS troubles follow. Sick Kidneys cause bad backs— bad SS
SS backs are weak and lame and aching. Sick Kidneys SpSShSB^ 22
••cause weariness — headaches— dizziness — rheuma- mffiBC^^TO. ••
12 tic pains and numerous other aches. Doan's MJ^^^aMB 22
SS Kidney Pills Cure every ill of the Kidneys and H 88 SS
SS Bladder — urinary disorder — infrequent and too fre- sP^Uf «®
••quent urinary^ discharges— diabetes, dropsy, Bright's '^^^^^". SS
*O 99999999999999999999999 999999099999999999 22
II 10 airau^u. seaoers. § o/4§M FRANulSGD i ROOF i It
85 <-^_^^ -¦ - 'vj i 1 -••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••5 SS
SS i W(m^(lT% an ' S , l*^h - Margaret Niler of 7 Hunt street says: "There is noth- %%
SS H|'V?/%-»'^v'(^^' ing like the truth. I can truly and conscientiously' say that S$
fS wfegS^ fcSS?* ~ k WH? Doan's Kidney Pills stopped my back. aching, and I had at- «9
'•• : '%« >llu r*™ \^^^ tacks of lt-^ for years, some of them so bad. that I did not ?r
••';', -^TMwri y n^ IW ft\La/r ; ; know what to do with myself. When a woman who is an- SS
SS I "* Mti -~ — ~~ — • — — -•• "noyed like I have been at last finds a means to end that an- JS
•• ! p. o- ... „ .. ..._: noyahce, she is not only thankful, but 'is also anxious to do 5*
SS | 3tatc : ' '• ' '¦ „:.... ......; her friends and acquaintances a turn by acquainting *S
•• : 1 . rw £*> trial boT. mail this conpon to them of the fact,, so {hat they may profit by her experience. « >
SS ! f^^~«& B^°aid^ cn 1^ Let me emphatically advise any one suffering from kidney ••
•• "^^'g-v • - ¦ rr _:, complaint or backache to use s Doan's Kidney Pills." ¦ SS
•^©•••••••••©••9«99ed©9e999999«99999999999««0999©99990999©©©9©©©©©22
•9999999©999999e999999999©999©999999999«©999999999999999S2SSS2S2S222
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jg| Cut the Can &*
r*| and compare the quality of Hi
L'n ¦ t/H Kg
fix Brand m
H Evaporated M
H Gream If
Ml with any of its Imitations, Kj
jy Note the difference. See how B%
H smooth and appetizing qutmKI
fftft product is. owing to its EwH
. R9 heavy consistence, which fl£f
B keeps the butter fat equally H
£B distributed, in contrast with ami
|jq ths cheap and thin imlta- Kg
Jjrfi tions uhich allow the but- 0igl
jfejfflS ter fat to rise and form
jj6 unsightly, clods. \h*u9
|ASTHMANOL4|
U the only cor* for Wervont aad
Bronchial ASTKMA.
Tour Crueg-tet or at but ilAlGllT ST..
San rrancUtco. CaL
fill P^ Ammunition. Huctinr and
111 HI V ti>ortlnr Good*. L-ar^Mt
I ss I I lU nock. Lowest iricu. bend
|f|l f>T C8Ul0gMC
U W I V \J EHREVE & BARBER CO..
. . TT1 -" "38 Mfcrkft •*. and fi?l
Xcsnur stELECTRICITY CAUSES
DEATH OF A WORK3IAN
CANADIAN PACIFIC ROAD
BREAKS LUMBER . TRW*
Threat to Establish Independent
Mills Brings the Monopoly
to Time.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba, April 5.— "i
am able to state," said Second Vlca
President Whjrte, of the Canadian Pa
cific Railway, "that the lumber com
bine which has existed in Manitoba
and the Territories for some time, is
a thing of the past, and that in the
future lumber will sold in the open
market. This open market is the di
rect result of the announcement which
I made a short time ago that if It
was necessary to do so, our company
would install its own mills on the tim
ber limits In British Columbia and sell
lumber through Its agents. That an
nouncement was followed by meetings
with the coast and' mountain mill
owners and agreements were entered
into with them."
ELKS* EXALTED RULER '
ARRIVES AT CAPITAL
Joseph Fanning Presides Otct Exer
cises at Sacramento and Will
Visit San Francisco.
SACRAMENTO, April 5. — Joseph
Fanning, grand exalted ruler of the
Order of Elks, arrived In this city from.
Portland, Or., this morning. He in
stalled the officers of the local lodge
of Elks this evening. He Intends to
visit San Francisco and the cities in
the southern part of the State.
VILNA, Russia, April 6.— The Town
Council of Vilna has Instituted a labor
exchange.
Labor "Exchange at Vilna.
subject to headaches and had taken
morphine for relief, but that she had
never been incapacitated from attend
ing to her professional duties. He had
not jj seen her for * more than a year.
.When she came to town, "two weeks
ago, he had called upon her, but did
not see her, as she was not at home.
He expressed himself as greatly sur
prised, and could only think that her
death was due to accidental poisoning.
He had never heard that she had been
married, and had no idea why she
took the name of "Mrs. Devine." Lilly
Moore was her right name. As soon
as she died he notified the Coroner,
who removed the body to the Morgue.
The post-mortem examination will be
•held on the remains this morning at
10 o'clock, and an inquest will follow.
WlLIi PLANT HISTORIC
OAK AT WHITE HOUSE
Secretary Hitchcock Will Supply Sap
ling That Has an Interesting
" " History.
WASHINGTON, April 5.— A historic
oak sapling will be planted in the
White House grounds next Thursday.
Secretary Hitchcock will supply the
tree and in connection therewith, to
day told the President a pretty story.
Many years ago, Charles Sumner
sent to the Czar of Russia some acorns
from a stately oak which overhangs
the tomb ! of Washington at Mount
Vernonl The 'Czar caused the acorns
to be planted in^ the grounds of the
Peterhof palace," in St. Petersburg.
One of the acorns grew into a mag
nificent oak which stands in the palace
grounds.
While In St. Petersburg in 1898 as the
X T nited States Embossador to Russia
Hitchcock collected a handful of
acorns from the historical offspring of
the Mount Vernon oak, sent them . to
this country and had them planted in
the grounds at his Missouri home.
Some of them developed into fine sap
lings and it is one of them that is to
be planted In the White House grounds
on Thursday. The planting, . which Is
to be done at the Instance of President
Roosevelt, will be without ceremony.
It was announced March 23 from Ber
lin that the engagement of the Crown .
Prince Frederick William to Princess'
Alexandra of Brunswick end Lun*«
burg, the Duke of Cumberland's sec~;
ond (laughter, which was rmnored to>;
be under negotiations last year, at thai
time Emperor William visited Copen-»
hagen, and which was then denied, ap
parently had some basis In fact, but
was . frustrated by the Dnke of Cum
berland's sudden departure from Cop
enhagen Just before the Emperor's ar»
rival. According to the Brunswick
Landes Zeltung, the Emperor resented
the Duke's departure, and character
ized it as an affront, adding to a highf
military personage in his entourago
that he would not again run after ths
Duke. The Landes Zeltung vouched
for this story In such a way as to war
rant the conclusion that It emanated
from the Brunswick Ministry.
Dr. l5othe. the City Chemist, said the
move was a good one and that he
found that all thA samples submitted
to him, including poor ones, run above
3.5. without any truce of the use of
preservatives, except in one sample
submitted.
Samuel Poorman. one of the direct
ors of the Bay Counties Commercial
<"on:pany. Fjwke in behalf of the out
of-town producers. Ho told of the
lower percentage of butter fat during
the spring months, when the soft green
feed is fed to the stock, as compared
with that of the fall, when the rich,
dry feed can he obtained. Ho admit
ted that the contracts with the dealers
last year called for 3.6, but claimed
that at times, it was impossible to keep
up to that standard. Mr. Poorman
maintained that pure cow's milk of
Major Rohinson, chief food inspector,
»*ave it as hie opinion that the stand
ard should be raised to 3.5 butter fat.
IJe read from reports of the depart
ment that the analysis of samples sub
mitted to the City Chemist rince last
August showed that the butter fat was
in excess of the 3.5 standard. Major
Robinson contended that the 3.2 stand
ard allows the milkmen to add water
without fear of detection.
Deputy Health Officer Louis Levy
t-ald the Board of Health had recom
iu»»rd«?d the raising of the percentage
upon the suggestion of Health Officer
P.agan and that since the New York
authorities had adopted the same
ttandard infantile mortality had been
greatly decreased. Levy said the
rresent health board intended to pro
tect the infants of this city and that
It would be the endeavor of that
branch of the city government to pee
that the public received good milk.
FEED IMPORTANT FACTOR.
Milk was the one absorbing topic at
the Joint meeting of the Health and
Police Committees of the Board of Su
pervisors yesterday afternoon, and
everything appertaining to the subject
was thoroughly discussed. The meet
ing had been called to consider the re
quest of the Board of Health that the
oxtsting milk ordinance be amended so
that the necessary percentage of but
ter fat be raised from 3.2 to 3.5. Su
pervisors D'Ancona and Alpers of tht
Health, and Su:>ervisor loggers of the
l"Ollee Committee, attended the meet
ing and D'Ancona presided. A number
<»f milk producers from neighboring
< ountk'S were present, in addition to
the representatives of the local milk
fiealoFs.
| The change in the head of the de
partment does hot mean a wholesale
change in the subordinate positions,
the members of the department being
under civil service rules. The Mayor,
however, under the provisions of the
city charter, dominates the department
and is practically its head. This means
that there will be no change of policy
in "the police administration.
In the resignation which he present
ed Elton referred to the adverse criti
cism of him and his department and
demanded a complete, investigation.
After he had been relieved of his posi
tion he was told that hla demand for
investigation would be granted if he
desired, and two weeks from to-day
was set for the hearing. Hammel will
take charge of the Police Department
to-morrow.
LOS ANGELES, April 5.— After a
stormy session, in which there.- were
liberal exchanges of bitter personali
ties, the Board of Police Commissioners
to-day accepted the resignation - of
Charles Elton as Chief of Police of Los
AngeleB and appointed former Sheriff
Will A. Hammol to succeed him.
Special Dispatch' to The Call.
The. committee informed the board
that there are many defects In the ex
isting ordinances governing the erec
tion and construction of buildings and
that these defects should be remedied.
The theater ordinance was character
ised as being prohibitory in its terms.
It wag deemed advisable by the com
mittee that the measure be so modified
as to exempt churches, schoolhouses
and theaters having a capacity of less
than a designated number of specta
tors and employing not more than three
musicians from Its provisions.
When asked to specify other defects
in the building ordinance the commit
tee coulU only ansjtver as to general
pro-visions, and this Ehowing did not
satisfy the Board of Works.
'"Before this board makes any recom
mendations to amend the building ordi
nance." said Commissioner Schmitz, "it
will have to be satisfied that the modi
fications are warranted by the facts in
the case. The mistakes in the ordi
nance, if such there are, are not clear,
and before taking any action I would
ask this committee to submit in writ
ing a list of the particular changes it
desires made. This is an important
matter and should not be acted on
hastily, as once the ordinances are
amended it will be for all time. I un
derstand that the local architects were
consulted before the ordinances were
passed and the errors should have been
noticed at that time."
The committee promised to submit a
list of desired amendments, which the
Board of Works will consider before
making any recommendations to the
Board of Supervisors.
The Board of Public Works held a
conference yesterday with a commit
tee from the San Francisco Chapter of
Architects relative to proposed amend
ments to the building and theater ordi
nances. The committee consisted of
W. H. Mooser, Lionel Deane, 8.
Schnalttacher. H. A. Schulze and City
Architect Shea. •
, Lilly Moore, a professional nurse,
came to her death yesterday from the
effects of poison administered by her
self, but whether by accident or sui
cidal intent remains for a Coroner's
Jury to decide. She came to this city
about five years ago from . New York,
where her relatives reside, but their
whereabouts- is not known to her ac
quaintances here.
Since her arrival she. had spent most
of her time at different asylums in the
interior of the State, acting as a nurse.
When in tho city Bhe had resided at
1926 Market street. .When she returned
to town two weeks ago, after being ab
sent for a time, Bhe registered aa "Mrs.
Devine." Mrs. Alice Straub, the land
lady where- she stopped; said: "Mrs. De
vine, or Lilly Moore, as she previously
called herself, was always very quiet
about tho house. She spent most of her
time nursing in the country. .
"Monday morning she told me she
had been suffering from aheadache, but
felt better and was -going nursing in
the afternoon. About. 12 o'clock she
came rushing down the stairs, scream-
Ing and crying and highly hysterical.
She cried: 'I have taken morphine and
I have taken too much.' My husband
rushed around the neighborhood and
finally succeeded In getting Dr. A. J.
Minaker. When the doctor came she
was unconscious and remained so un
til she died yesterday at 2 p. m. I don't
know what caused her to take the mor
phine, and I don't know of any trouble
that she had with anybody. Occasion
ally a gentleman used to come and see
her, but I don't know his name."
Dr. Minaker said: "When I arrived
at the room of the woman who had
taken the morphine I found her partly
unconscious and evidently in great
agony. From the first symptoms I
could not tell whether it was alcohol
ism, hysteria or poisoning. I decided
from her bulging eyes and light con
vulsions that it must be poisoning, and
applied the usual remedies, which re
lieved the stomach of its contents.
"She had no friends, in the house,
and I happened to glance at the bu
reau and saw the name of H.. C.
Devighne, so I immediately telephoned
to him to come. He did so, and re
mained and took care of her till she
died. It certainly is a peculiar case.
In the room I found a small empty
phial labeled 'Morphine and atropine.'
She may have taken" a dose" of this,
but I cannot say. ' She never was con
scious after I arrived. I remained in
constant attendance until midnight on
Monday, when I saw that she was
Finking and was past medical aid;
but under my instructions stimulants
were administered in the possible hope
of reviving her." .
H. C. Devighne, the young man Who
was called at Dr. Minaker's sugges
tion, states that he knew the deceased
in New York five years ago, and that
they had kept up an acquaintance
after her arrival here till about two
and a half years ago, when she visit
ed the country in her professional ca
pacity, and he had only seen her oc
casionally during that period.
He added that she had always been
WASHINGTON, April 5.— The Senate
to-day listened to a two hours' speech
by Morgan on the Panama canal ques
tion and" then again tooK up the post
office appropriation bill, but adjourned
without completing its ' consideration.
Some important amendments aside
from those suggested by the commit
tee were agreed to, among them one
increasing from two to four ounces the
size of franked- . letters, and another
adding" twenty-five members to the
force, of the rural free delivery agents.
Morgan's speech was In especial ad
vocacy of his resolution requesting In
formation from the Attorney General
concerning concessions to the original
Panama Canal Company, and was in
the main an arraignment of the new
Panama Canal Company.
When the postofHce appropriation bill
was laid before the Senate amendments
were adopted without • objection, until
the Senate committee provision con
tinuing the contract with the Oceanic
Steamship Company and appropriating
$45,000 for . transporting the malls by
its steamships sailing from San Fran
cisco to Tahiti was reached.
Perkins explained the item and said
it was impossible to operate the Ta
hiti steamship line without the aid of
the United States, and there was no
other way in which an efficient mall
service could be maintained at the pres
ent time.
Objection to the renewal of the con
tract was made by Teller on the ground
that it was a "plain subsidy." He ob
jected to the payment of $45,000 for the
conveyance of malls to islands where
"the interests of the United States are
inconsequential." .•
The Senate amendment renewing the
contract was agreed to.
The Voissehe Zeitung learns from
the best source that the visit occurs
only upon the condition that not oner
of the Cumberland Princesses is pTes-»
ent at Copenhagen.
BERLIN, April 6»— Crown Prince
Frederick William fg going to Copen
hagen, in behalf of Emperor WlBlm,
to congratulate King Christian m9 his
S6th birthday, April 8.
Think Measure Regulating
Theater Construction Is
Too Radical in Its Terms
Deposed Official Wants' an
Investigation of His Con
duct in the Department
Deceased Supposed to Have
Taken an Overdose of Mor
phine to Relieve Headache
Interesting Information Is
; Elicited at Health and
Police Committee Meeting
Royal Messenger InsistsThat
Daughter of Dnke of Cum
berland Shall Be Absent
For the City and County Hospital
the sum of $118,750 is wanted for sub
sistence and miscellaneous expenses;
$55,000 for salaries, $4000 for addi
tion to nurses', home, $5000 for con
struction of employes' quarters, $3000
for addition to laundry and $10,000 for
construction of tubercular wards, mak
ing a grand total of $195,750.
The sum of $92,100 is asked for the
Almshouse, of which $27,000 is for
salaries; for the Emergency Hospital,
$38,820 for salaries and $11,500 for
subsistence; for the Twenty-sixth
street Hospital $10,260 and for the
smallpox hospital $10,800.
District Health Officer Tillman filed
a report stating that the sanitary con
ditions in the Broadway Jail are bad.
Four men occupy a cell 6x8 feet, and
in another place eighty-six prisoners
are confined, where the cubic air law
allows only fifty.
The Board of Health yesterday be
gan a crusade against the presence of
disease germs and bacteria By secur
ing "swabs" from a dozen .or more
public telephone transmitters. The
swabs were obtained by Dr. Frank J.
Tlllman. District Health Officer, and
were turned over to the city bacterio
logist, who will make cultures of them
to determine the presence of disease
germs. Should -he find that tubercular
or other germs are present In the cul
tures the Health Board will endeavor
to secure the passage of an ordinance
requiring the telephone company to
install antiseptic contrivances on the
transmitters.
As a further Instance of the Health
Board's policy to prevent the spread
of tubercular and contagious diseases
Health Officer Ragan yesterday order
ed the lung-testing machines to be
taken out of penny arcades. These
machines are regarded, as extremely
dangerous in transmitting diseases by
contact.
The Health Board has sent a letter
to the Board of Education requesting
it to have the sweeping and cleaning
of schoolrooms done by the janitors
after the close of school hours, so that
the dust- may not carry any disease
germs to the pupils. The schoolrooms
are to be cleaned every three weeks
with antiseptic preparations.
The Board of Health yesterday filed
with the Board of Supervisors its esti
mate for the appropriation required
for the Health Department during the
next fiscal year. For the Health Of
fice the sum of $63,720 is asked, in
cluding provision for two city physi
cians, one assistant city physician, four
plumbing inspectors, chief inspecting
physician, four inspecting physicians,
three district health officers, two fac
tory inspectors, two disinfectors, four
market inspectors, one dairy inspec
tor; one bakery, bath and laundry in
spector; one cemetery inspector, a
chief food inspector and ten food in
spectors.
An appropriation is also wanted for
an attorney, a new office, to be paid- a
salary of (1200 a year. For other ex
penses the sum of $12,7-50 is wanted,
including $2500 for a portable steri
lizer and $250 for its maintenance.
Asks. Supervisors to Make
Appropriation for the Em
ployment of an Attorney
Need of an Efficient Postal
Service to Island of Ta
hiti Is Shown by Perkins
OBJECT TO ORDINANCE
DEMAND FOR INQUIRY
TELLER OPPOSES ITEM
PRODUCERS' OPPOSITION
ESTIMATE OF EXPENSES
FRIENDS ARE MYSTIFIED
WILL RESENT SLIGHT
Local Architects Petition
Board of Works to Recom
mend Needed Amendments
Stormy MeetJngOccursWlien
Elton's Resignation Is Pre
sented in Los Angeles
Senate; Votes to Continue
the Government's Contract
With Steamship Company
Crown Prince to. Carry Em
peror's Message to King
Christian on 86th Birthday
Health Board Would Prevent
Spread of Tubercular Dis
eases by the Telephones
Arguments For and Against
liaising the Percentage of
. Butter Fat Are Heard
Lilly Moore, a Professional
Nurse, Passes Away Under
Peculiar Circumstances
DECLARES WAR
AGAINST GERMS
MILK SUBJECT
OF DISCUSSION
POISON ENDS
WOMAN'S LIFE
BUILDING LAWS
ARE DEFECTIVE
CHIEF LEAVES
POLICE FORCE
KAISER SENDS
FELICITATIONS
OCEANIC MAIL
PACT RENEWED
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL fi, 1904.
Upon motion of Supervisor Eggers
the matter went over for one week, for
further Investigation.
W. P. A. Brewer of the San Mateo
Ranch. D. T. Daley of the Dairymen's
Association, R. D. Hatch of the Bay
Counties Commercial Company, Mar
tin Johnson of Sacramento, X. Lynn
of Santa Clara, F. L. Coddle of San
Jose and E. A. Green also spoke on the
subject.
represented was willing to have the
standard fixed at 3.3 for four months
of the year and at 3.5 for the 'remaining
eight months.
A lengthy communication on the
subject from Ex-Supervisor R. M.
Hotaling. who is much interested in
dairying:. wa s read. He advised the
board to inquire into all Fides of the
\ ital subject.
John D. Daley, president of the
Dairymen's Association, said the milk
Fliould be absolutely pure from the
row and declared the organization he
any standard was too rich to be f>d
to children, and declared that Fkim
milk was good for growing children,
as well as hogs and calves.
HOTALI.VG'S SAGI? ADVICE.
The Supreme Court decided yester
day that George Green must go to San
Quentin for stealing "a brindle cow"
and "a big bald-faced steer" in Monte
rey County. Green was caught In
Fresno County and claimed that he
should have been tried there. The
court loft yesterday for Los Anpeles to
hear suits instituted in^ that part of
the State.
Green Must Go to San QuentJn.
Garden City Belle Weds.
SAN JOSE, April 5.— Miss Ethel Jam
ison, popular society belle of this city,
was married this evening to Frank
Webber,' assistant superintendent of the
Almaden quicksilver mines. The wed
ding occurred at the home of Judge
Hyland, the bride being a sister of Mrs.
Hyland. The home was handsomely
decorated and the D'Ablaing Orchestra
rendered music. The ceremony was
performed by Judge Hyland.
YREKA, April 5. — A young man
named W. E. Spencer met death to
day from electricity. He was em
ployed by the Siskiyou Electric Power
Company at the Fort Jones station. He
went into the powerhouse for some
wire and in some way came in contact
with the machinery. He was found
dead a short time after.
Employe of the Siskiyou Power Com
pany Found Dead Near the
Machinery.
9
" QBAPE-NTTTS. . y < '¦ . _. ; /¦ "' -
/\ LdlOl lYAClil knew he could do certain big things, but he couldn't digest the food necessary to keep him in bodily health and brafo power^to do
I IC needed the carbohydrates that supply energy, heat and strength and he needed even more the albumen and phosphate of potasfethafc
l\llvW all these food elements are found in grains, but his poor, broken-down stomach couldn't digest their starches. He had that- Gommoni
• romnliint ("Sturrh InHicrpstion") ¦ ¦
I It set to study and in two years perfected scientific GRAPE-NUTS food in which all the starches of entire wheat arid barley; are-mechan-
: . i icallv pre-di'gested until the weakest stomach can get from them all Nature's full quota of nutriment He
Jr -lO V CCJ. I L by rebuilding himself first, and his reward was a restored body and brain that soon brought him fortune and fame. When he-put GRAPE-
NUTS on the market the public, advised by thinking physicians, recognized its honest, sincere and scientific- claims,, and. nowran a race that entitles her' to be
clased among the top notchers. Barney
thinks he has a crackerjack in the
son of Sain. If the two could be
brought together in a special it would
prove a rare drawing card.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race — Futurity course; three-year-olds
and upward; selling:
G4J2 *Box Elder (Moran) 96
6520 Educate (Hegarty & Chappell) 114
6543 "Ethel Abbott (Miller) .104
» ;.'3.-i Moalt a (Shannon) 09
C521 Inspector Munro (Fox) 104
6554 Homeric (Judge) 104
C532 Our Pride (Howe Stable) 116
65T.2 Vonzollern (McLaughlln) ..116
6T.08 Queen Fay (Murry) 1*9
t«40 Standard (McAlester) 104
6080 Ad nor (Jones) 116
6532 Cherries (Stover) 114
; Second race — Four and a half furlongs; two
yvar-oMs; purse:
6545 Salable (Blastngame) 10S
6545 George P.-McNear (Stover) ..115
(t!J23)Mogregor (Biancht & Co.) Ill
6545 Inspector Halpin (Schreiber) 108
(6483)Eduardo (Stover) .112
Third race— Futurity course; three-year-olds
and upward: selling:
650S *Mlss May Bowdish (Blaslngame) 84
6302 Charlie Schwcizer (Blaslngame) .....101
6303 Egyptian Princess (0"Rourk) ..*.... ..11+
6550 Clausus (Ryan) 116
6632 Brennus (Judge) .128
C3U Red Bird (Slaughter) 00
626S Ripper (Lane) 113
6T53S •Hirtle (Neal) ...... .1 109
6404 »Salto ' (Fountain) f'6
5«70 Rubino (Ward & King) 116
6530 Blondura (Devln) ..: .........:. Ill
6T>22 Resigned (Macdonald) * 09
6554 *EmU (Williams.) •'. 93
• Fourth race — Mile and an eighth,. three-year-
Pirat race— Standard, Oar Frld*
Queen Pay.
Second race— Stover Stable/ Salable.
Mogrrearor.
Third race— Hirtle, Mln Kay Bow*
dish, Ripper. .';, >
Fourth race — Koratlni, Gateway, Ooj
Bessie.
Fifth race— Honiton/ Mansard, Oeeaa
Dream.
Sixth race — Coronal, Byronerdale, Oro
Viva.
•
FBOBABXE WIOTTEBS.
olds and ui>. handicap.
6558 Carat fMcAIester & Co.) lta
6609 Veterano fVlvell) *25
5755 Our Bessie (Newman)... *** tnl
6473 Grafter (B!asingame> .'. vvJ
6473 Horatius (McAllister) til
(6M4)Gateway (Lottridge) ".!!". I !".!*. .85
Fifth race— Six furlongs, four-year-olds an*
up. purse.
&P33 Scotsman (Doss) m«
(63031 Mansard (Smith) }«
(Mll)Honlton (Ryan) £ J£,
.... Limerick Town (Touhey) "ins
«2M Golden Light fMeCaJTerty} in*
6493 Ocean Dream ITwyman) *" 103
5764 Gondolun (Jeuness) *"**ms
6101 Flush of Gold (Owen) jjvj
6S20 Toto Gratlot (Wllkerson) "*'*1M
6221 Gorgalette (Fitzgerald.: vP*
50.21 Yellow Tall (Hackett) -.1111111
Sixth race— Mile, four-yearrolds and vv
selllns. .
6T>42 St. Rica (Murphy) jnq
((C.f.6)*Oro Vl\-a (Fountain) "**1O2
(6126)Caronal (Chappell) *." 10»
(«547)Axmlnster (Randall) 'iji
(fi557)Constellator (McCafferty) '\r>1
(6r-46>ByronerdaI* (Crane) "log
•Apprentice allowance.
Playing Cards, J Game Counters, Poker
Chips, ,1'Dbniirioes,". "Chess," '."Check
ers," VPit.'.'i "Flinch." "Bourse." :. ; ,; All of
the; new 'games and . tlic rules for play-
Ing : them. , Sanborn, -Vail ~ . & Co., 741
Market* st. ' • . ?
Boy's Malady Puzzles Doctors.
The doctors at the Emergency Hos
pital are puzzled over the strange
malady of Charles Fragher, an Eng
lish youth, who lias been a patient at
the hospital on several occasions. He
deserted the British ship Sir Robert
Fernie at Vallejo early last month and
was taken to the hospital by a police
man, who found him wandering about
the streets "of this city. Twice since
that time he has been at the hospital
for treatment and yesterday he ap
peared again and a warrant was sworn
out for his arrest on the ground that
he is insane. . : .
Japan has? a written history, extend
ing , over 2500 years. . ' * • " ', . "•
Two-base hits— Bernard, Smith,-. R. Hall.
Sacrifice hit— Chase. > Stolen bases — Smith (2). 1
Errors — Van \ Haltren," Hall, - Mohler. First' base
on errors — Los Angeles 2. . Left on bases — Los
Angeles 'S, Seattle <7. Base 'on' balls — Off
Hughes 3. oft Hair 1., Struck out — By Hall 3.
by Hughes 3. Double - plays— Blajikenshlp to
Mohler; -Toman >¦ to Chase. '/Passed -ball —
Blankcnship. Hit by pitcher— Frisk. Moh
ler.-Time of game— One hour ' forty minutes.
Umpire — Huston.-. ; '-.•:.- • .. -
SUMMARY.
l Base. hit* ; "..'.'. ..4 0, 2 0 0 0 ,1 f 2 x— 0
Seattle; .\ . :.....:. o ;o o o o ooo o-rO
Base-hits ......0 02 1 12 2 0 1—9
The regular monthly amateur box
ing show of the Bay City Athletic
Club v will be held to-night at Mechan
ics' Pavilion annex. There are sev
eral star features to the programme,
which is well balanced and all the
bouts promise good contests. .Those
between Dick Hylahd \ and Charlie
Dunn and Mike Synfy and Harry
Thulsen appear particularly strong,
as the lads engaged have been making
clever fights among their kind of late.
The rest of the card will be J.J.: Sin
clair vs. James McCanni'. Ben f Price
vs. Arthur Oliver.'Dan Lynch vs.; Pat
sv McGee and George Henry vs. Joe
Kelly. ._
Amateur Boxers j Will Sleet.
NEW YORK, April 5.— Barney Old
field and E./C. Hausman, who have
been racing automobiles In the South,
were suspended indefinitely by the rac
ing board of the American Automobile
Association to-day because the drivers
competed in unsanctioned meets.
Oldfield Is Suspended. '
LOS ANGELES, April 6.— Seattle
opened a series against the champions
to-day at Washington :Parlc, and,;not
\vlthstanding their nine hits off Hall,
they were shut out. Final score, >4
to 0. Hall kept the hits well scattered
and the fielding of the champions j was
of the gilt-edge kind. They;played an
errorless game arid "batted the ball
consecutively. That tells the; story # of
the game. One particular, feature was
the batting of Chased Score:
Los Angeles — I Seattle — ... '. ..: ;
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Bernrd.cf 4 0 1 0 0 Totals..T3 4 9 '27 14
.Flood.2b 4 1 0 13 Vnlltn.cf 4 • 0 12.0
Smlth,3b 3 2 3 2 0 Mhler,2b 3 0 12 3
Crvth.rf 4 O . 1 o 1 Dhnty.3b 4 0*0 2 1
Ross.lf 4 1 J 3 ',0lFrUk.lf 3 0 0 0 0
Chase.lb 3 O 2 12 1 Brshr.lb 4,0182
Toman.s 4 0 0 3 ' 6 Smith rf 4 O 0 . 1 0 i
Sples.c .1 0 1 6 .2 R.HalI.8 3,0, 3 1 2|
W.Hall.p 4 0^0 0,1 Bknshp.c 4 0 3 « 2
1," , — — — Hughes, p 4 0 0. 2 2
Xi Totals.33 0 0 24 12| . ... — — _ — '—
: . RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Ln* Aneeles .. .. .2 0 ; 1 ¦ 0," 0 ! 0 '. 0/1 :¦ . x— 4
Hall Keeps the Xlne Hits Scattered
-. .; .- . . and , Gels Perfect ; Support.
SEATTIjK . BLANKED.!- BY AXGELS.
ten matches for the national tennis
championship have been decided and
of the twelve men who entered six are
left In the tournament. These are
Joshua Crane Jr. and Austin Potter Jr.
of Boston and O. S. Campbell, E. A.
Thompson, C. S. Sands and J. H. Mor
gan of New Mexico. To-day's scores:
A- Potter defeated W. B. Densmore, Tuxedo.
0-0. '6-1, 6-1.
A. E. Thompson defeated Dean Miller, New
York. 6-1. 6-3, 4-6, 8-6, 0-1.
J. H. Morgan defeated M. S. Patterson, New
York, C-4. 3-6. 6-0, 6-1.
Six of Ten Games Are Played and
Six Are Left in the Com- .
petition.
NEW YORK, April 5. — Six of the
CONTESTING FOR WORLD'S
TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIP
Error— SheeHan. No stolen bases. Two
base hit — Hansen. Sacrifice hits — Casey, Shee
han, Hannivan, Overall (2), Hildebrand. Jones.
First base on errors — San Francisco, 1. First
base on called balls — Off Overall, 2; oft Jones,
3. Left on basea — Tacoma. '3; San Francisco,
4. Struck out — By Overall, 2; by , Jones, 1.
Double plays— Eagan to Casey to Nordyke ;
Anderson to Massey; Irwin to Massey. Passed
ball — Hogan. Time of game — 1:20. Umpire —
O'Connell. * p
Tacoma ...0 0 1 00*1 0 0 x— 2
Base hits 1 o 2 0 1 111 x — 7
San Francisco I 0 00.0 00 0 0 — 1
Base hits 2 0 10 10 0 0 0 1
i SUMMARY.
. Tacoma — San Francisco —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Casey,2b 110 2 4 Wldrn.cf 4 114 0
Rhehn.Sb 3 0 14 2 Ilildbd.lf 3 0 0 0 0
Nrdyk,lb 3 0 2 12 0 Meany.rf 4 0 2 8 0
Eagan.ss 3 0 0 2 3 Irwln.3b. 3 0 ' 0 1 2
Lynch.cf 8 0 0 1 0 Masey.lb 4 0 0 10 0
M'Lgn.lf 2 0 13 0 Andsn.2b 3 0 0 4 8
Hanvn.rf 2 0 1 0 0 Schmr.ss 3 0 0 11
Hogan.c. 3 12 2 2 Hansen.c 2 0 1 1 3
Overall.p 10 0 13 Jones.p. .20004
Totals 21 2 7 27 14 Totals 28 1 4 24 13
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. ' . :
FRESNO, April 5. — In a game, the
shortest of the season and one full of
good ball, Tacoma won from San
Francisco this afternoon -in the first
game of the series by a score of 2 to 1.
Overall pitched for Tacoma and was
in great form. After the first inning,
in which San Francisco made their
only run, Overall was hit for only two
safe drives. He struck few men out,
but Uncle Harris" boys could not con
nect effectively with his benders. The
score was as follows:
Good Baseball ancl Close Score in the
First Game of Series.
TACOMA WINS AT FRESXO.
Round 2 — McCoy drove ' a vicious right to
Placke's mouth and the latter dropped to>hls
knees, refusing to tret up. Placke's face was
a horrible Eight: his right eye was closed
completely and hie lips were puffed up to
four times their normal size. As lie knelt
upon the floor the police walked to the ring
side and stopped the bout. The second round
lasted less than twenty seconds....
nound 1— Placke led with his left, but Tell
short. McCoy landed a right on Placke's Jaw.
McCoy landed a left on the. Jaw and repeated
with right. McCoy sent Placke down with a
straight left to the cbln and • the latter took
the count of eight. McCoy landed another
left flush on the mouth, drawing blood. McCoy
drove, a hard left to Placke's noee and the
In.tter waa all but out. A left and 'right to
the face made Placke look like a raw beef
steaks. He was. hanging on - to . avoid punish
ment. . . McCoy dived in wtth p. .right and then
with a hard left to the mouth. Placke was
blinded; he could* not see. . A vicious left
drepped Placke, but the gong saved him.
McCoy had not been touched.. Placke's ex
hibition was miserable. ' He was bleeding at
the mouth and nose.
PHILADELPHIA, April 5. — Herr
Placke, the champion pugilist of Hol
land, made a sorry spectacle of himself
to-night in a fight with Kid McCoy at
the Lenox Athletic Club. Standing
six inches taller and weighing 7S
pounds more than his pale-faced oppo
nent, he was beaten almost into insensi
bility in less than four minutes. Placke
never laid a glove upon McCoy except
when the men clinched, and the cool,
calculating McCoy darted in and out
and around his burly opponent almost
like lightning. He would feint with
his right and then drive his left to the
face viciously, scarcely ever failing to
bring the blood. Twice in the first
round Placke was covered by blood
from his waist to his neck and his eyes
were almost closed. Just before the
gong sounded announcing the close of
the first round McCoy drove a vicious
left flush to the chin, dropping Placke
like a log.
The gong saved - him from . being
knocked out. He was carried to his
corner, only to be knocked out ten sec
onds after the second round was. called.
McCoy feinted with the right and then
drove his left square to the point of
Placke's nose. The latter intuitively
placed his left hand over the damaged
organ and dropped to his knees. The
blood was running from him in a
stream. As he knelt by the ropes the
pojice appeared in the ring and stopped
the flght. The fight by rounds:
Kid McCoy Makes a Punch
ing Bag of the Cham
pion Pugilist of Holland
100- yard dash — Hendrickson, P., won; Ham
ilton S., second; Cadwalader, P.. third. Time,
;10 2-5. r
220-yard dash— Dunn, S., won; Hendrickson,
P., «econd: Hamilton, third. Time, :22,l-5.
(Distance five fi-et short).
440-yard run — Crossman S., won; Newman,
P. second; Carter. S., third. Time, :54.
880-yard run — Hoi man, S.. won; Bounds. S..
second; Wharton. P., third. Time, 2:07 1-5.
Mile run — Gay, S.. won; Holman. S., second;
Voorhies. P., third. Time, 4:55 4-5.
120- yard hurdle — Lanagan. 8., won; Noble,
P.. second; McCofmlck. P., third. Time.
:16 4-5.
220-yard hurdles^ — Lanagan. S., won; Mc-
Farland, S., second; Noble, P., third. Time,
-.26 2-5. -
Broad jump — West. S., and 13611, S.. tied for
finst; Hume. P., second. Distance, 22 feet 2%
inches.
High Jump— Henley. S., and Bell, J?., tied
for first; Bishop, P.. and Kearne, S., tied for
second. Height. B:7H. '
Pole vault — Beach, a., and Bell. S., tied for
fln«t; Davenport. P.. second. Height, 10 feet.
fihot put — Hyde, i S. won; Crawford. E., sec
ond; Butterfleld. S.. third. Distance. 41:4.
Hammer throw — Crawford. S., won; Met
calf. P., second; Estes. S., third. Distance,
127:11. . • ¦ t
Exciting Contests Are Held on the
Palo Alto Field and on the
Cinder Path, t
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. April 6.
The Pomona College track team went
down to defeat before the cardinal
athletes this afternoon. The showing
made against Stanford was better than
that against California, the final score
reading 83^ points to 24% in favor of
Stanford.
"Brick" West, '06, and H. W. Bell,
'05, broke the Stanford record in the
broad jump, tying In to-day's contest
at 22 feet 2% inches. The summary:
STANFORD MEX DEFEAT
THE POMOXA ATHLETES
SECOND ROUND
PLACKE'S FINISH
Referee McDevitt stopped the bout
between Patsy Hogan In . the first
round, awarding it to the former.
Neither man could fight a little bit.
The flght between Thurston and Wil
liams provided ten rounds of as des
perate slugging as ringgoers have seen
In many days. Williams was game
and took a terrific punching about the
body. Neither showed any science, but
they kept up a fast pace from first to
last. The spectators cheered them re
peatedly for their efforts. The decision
went to Thurston.
Jimmy Brltt entered the building just
before the men appeared fn the ring
and there were loud calls for him. Billy
Jordan presented him to the spectators
as the tamest little champion in the
world. A speech was called for and
Jimmy said: "I thank you one and all
for this kind reception. If Toung Cor
bett is dissatisfied with what I did to
him the other night I will do it over
again."
point, and the referee decided the con
test a draw.
After nearly causing a. panic among
the pasteboard dealers who bought
him up at threes on the opening of the
board, after which the price floated to
7, Hagerdon brushed aside a cluster of
sprinters In the Futurity course, hand
icap at bakland yesterday capable of
winning Jiay and oats In any man's
town. -For it; must not be forgotten
that Don Domo, Double Six, Atwood
and Albula can step along some. Jack
Follansbee's mare, Double Six, al
though not a steady habitue of the
game, but usually arrives on time,
was installed favorite at 11 to 5. The
108 pounds set a bit too snug, and she
finished next to last. Powell beat the
others away from the . webbing with
Hagerdon, and Jimmy Jones on At
wood was the only, one to get at all in
quisitive. H. L. Franks' big gelding
held the three-year-old safe, though,
leading him over the line more than a
length, with something in reserve. Don
Domo could not get to the front and
on the stretch turn looked all in.
Bonner finished third astride Albula,
An excellent card, warm, balmy
weather and a fast track for the
horses to race over, drew a large
crowd. And while Matt Hogan was
the only successful favorite, the sport
was good, and every event well con
tested.
"Big Bill" Knapp had the mount on
Aunt Polly, the 2% to 1 favorite for
the first, a' six-furlong selling sprint.
The mare wore down the lead of the
light- weighted Crigli, . which fairly
flew for five-eighths of a mile, and was
in turn collared and beaten out by Oro
Viva, the second choice. Bonner rode
the latter horse to good advantage.
Holbrook did not putup a very aggres
sive ride on Shell Mount, landing Just
beyond the money.
With his next mount "Knapp was
more successful. Bill tossed the leg
over Flrelia, a 12 to 1 shot in the bet
ting on the two-year-old scramble, and,
getting away well, came home two
lengths ahead of Velna, another out
sider. Bozeman' started away from the
barrier using his whip, on Hooligan, the
opening favorite, clinched his hold on
fourth position and finished there, the
show going to Ben Eric. Bob Smith
started a new one in Palmdale, a colt
by George Kessler, which was backed
down to favoritism, but his showing did
not justify the plunge.
%Billy Magrane's old ready money ar
ticle, Matt Mogan, outflgured his field
in the six and a half furlong run* and
at 6 to 5 scored off by himself. Moco
rito pegged along in second position
and at the wire led Modder out a neck.
Better things were expected of David
S, but Powell was detained at some of
the sidings or way stations, arriving
late. Captivate stumbled to her knees
on the back stretch with P. Phillips
while making some progress.
"White Hat" McCarty claims he
has another Horton in the bay mare
Petrolia, and perhaps he has. At any
rate she has a habit of reaching the
wire first at remunerative odds, and
that is good enough. Col. Van and,
Montana Peeress were two such warm
ones for the mile and seventy-yard run
that little attention was devoted to
any of the other starters. Col. Van
closed favorite and less than a furlong
from the judges he apparently had the
race won. Then Vanderbout lost his
head, and it looked as if Phillips wo'uld
put the 10 to 1 shot Billy Moore over.
About this time, when within a few
gasps of the tape, Bonner got up with
Petrolia. beating Billy out a neck. Fif
teen to one could be had about the win
ner. Expedient looked to have a chance,
but probably the route was a trifle too
abbreviated for him. Montana Peeress
lookod a possibility to the stretch,
where she resigned her position.
Hainault at first had the call in the
speculating on the closing mile and
fifty-yard selling fixture, but later
gave way to Hoceo, which was backed
down to 16 > to 5 favoritism. The for
mer has had too much racing of late,
though cutting out the pace long
enough to kill off Hoceo. Illilouon, rid
den by Buxton, and Lacy Crawford
with Bonner in the saddle,. then fought
it out, trie former receiving the verdict
by a head. The winner closed at 5 to 1
in the ring. *S|
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
An improvement was perceptible in
Bonner's riding, the McCafferty Jockey
piloting two winners ; and \ thrice . fin
ishing inside the money.
Buxton also reached the wire with
a brace of winners.
James Hanley received a wire from
John Condon last evening,' in which
the blind' owner of; Harlem says there
is no change- in the Chicago racing
situation. He still opines that the
Worth track people will accept ,the
original dates allotted by the West
ern Jockey Club.
The stake and programme book of
the new Louisville Jockey Club shows
a splendid list of entries, and the
meeting this spring at Churchill
Downs should be, one of the most
successful in the: history of the asso-;
ciation.
The question of superiority between
Napa Stock Farm's great filly Arisbe
and Barney. Schreiber's black colt
Pinkerton still remains unsettled. In
the' stake race ; last Saturday Arisbe
was .unfortunate", in drawing a poor
position and getting away , badly.
Under these adverse conditions
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Drnan, cf.5 12 2 0 Ganly, rf.6 0 2 3 1
McCie rf.5 0 11 0 Franks, s.5 1 2 1 3
Nadau lf.3 0 0 3 liKrugr. lf.4 ,0210
Castro, s.4 1 2 1 3 Dnlvy. cf.4 0 13 0
Beck, 2b.. 4 0 14 2 Clncy, lb.4 0 17 0
Femn lb.4 0 18 3 Streib, 2b.3 1 0 6 1
Ftncn' 3b.4 12 2 3'Devnt, 3b. 4 11 3 2
Stelmn. c.3 0 1 4 0 Botger. c.4 0 1 4 3
Thlmn p.4 0 1 1 t> Bchan. p.3 0 0 0 1
Shelds, p.O 0 0 0 0 "Moskm .0 1 0 0 0
Totals. 86 8 11*26 17' Totals. 36 4 10 27 11
•Two out when winning run was made.
••Batted for Buchanan in the ninth. .
' RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland 0 1 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 — 3
Base hits 04 011130 1—11
Oakla nd 0 O 0 0 0 1 0 0 3 — 4
Base hits 0 1 1 0 13 1 1 2—10
SUMMARY.
Errors — Francks 3, - Ganley, Castro, Thiel
man. Stolen bases — Devereaux 2. Two-base
hits — Francks, Drennan, Bottlger, Ganley.
Kacriflc hit — Steelman. First base on errors —
Portland 3, Oakland 1. First base on called
balls — Off Thielman 2. I^eft on bases — Port
land 8, Oakland 8. Struck out — By Thielman
3. by Buchanan 1. Hit by pitcher — Nnde.ui.
Double play — Francks to Freeman to Castro.
Time of same — 1 hour and 60 minutes. Um
pire — McCarthy.
"Well, dey ain't got a chance," said
the tough kid yesterday afternoon
when the ninth inniner at the Oakland
grounds was reached ancl Portland was
leading, 3 to 1. "I tell yer, its curtains
wid Pete and his tramps now. I'm
goin' to de big feed and read about
de finish to-morrer. Ta ta."
As the tough kid made, his getaway,
Streib was given a life on an error
by Thielman— the first that Portland
had committed during the game. Nor
had he been on the bag for a minute,
when Devereaux lined a hot one at
Castro. He fumbled it and the run
ner was safe, amid cheers from the
Oakland rooters.
Dr. Moskiman, instead of Buchanan
was called in to take a wallop at the
ball. Thielman got rattled at this
Juncture and walked the medical
tosser, filling up the bases. Ganley
approached the rubber with his club,
took his place, and, bing! He clouted
that ball out to left field for two bags
and tied up the score by bringing in
Streib and Devereaux. -
Then the Portland manager got
nervous and took Thielman out of the
box, although he had been pitching
championship ball and was not re
sponsible for the runs that kept
swarming in. The first ball that
Shields, the new twirler, pitched was
hit by Francks to Castro. The latter
had no glue on his glove, so he fum
bled the hot one and then threw wild
to first. Francks was safe and Mos
kiman came tearing in with the win
ning run.
It was a great game of ball from the
start and it looked like - a Portland
cinch for many innings. In the sec
ond, they landed on the offerings of
Buchanan for four hits, which pro
duced but one run. The Oaklanders
tied up this in the sixth on a two
bagger by Francks and singles by
Kruger and Dunleavy. Then Portland
forged ahead in the seventh, when they
made two rtins on clean hits and main
tained the lead till that skyrocket
finish which Peter Lohman and his
crew executed. The score:
Portland — I Oakland —
OAXX.AOTD SACSTBACK — TtJKSDAV, April 5. — Weather fine. Track fast.
65G6. FIRST RACK— Six furlongs; selling; 3-year-oMs and up; value to first. $323.
j Index Hers* and Owner. WtlSt. K. %. %. Str. Fin. I Jocfcey^ _<>P- _^L'
M09 Oro Viva. 4 (D. S. Fountain) 1C6 .1 ... 3 n 3 U 3 11*; (Bonner * l »'%
tffi20 Aunt Polly, 6 (GrafTort Co.). 104 2 ... 2 2 2 1^2 n - % |Knapp o^r " f Z
t-422 Crlgrll, .i (C. E. Gruwell) R5 7. ... 1 5 ¦ 12^1 1«3 HilR. Butler.. 2t> w
6{',r>6 Shell Mount 5 (J. Ryan) 106 4 ... 5 n 5 1 S 1 4 4 [Holbrook .. * **
65i."l Anirad. 3 (Mrs. Coffey) 8S 7 ... 4h 4 1*44^5 4 Croaswalte T »
5SSV Kitty Kelly, a (Stanfield) 102 6 ... 6 h 7 4 62 «5 Greenfield - » H!
6518 Cathello 5 (Clayton & Co.).. 93 5 ... 7 4 6 1 7 8 7 10 .1. Jones....! .v> iw
t544 Yng. Pepper. .". (F. CVRourke) 101 8 "... 8 8 8 8 T. Butler.. | 15 u>
Time— :24%. :4O>4. 1:15. At post -4% minutes" OS at 2:17^. Viva, place. 6-5; rhojr. 1-2.
Polly, place. S»-10; show. »-20. ' Crlgll. show, 12. Winner b. h. by Golden «¦*[••'*;?"
. Viva. Trained by D. F. Fountain. Scratched— Optimo. BenUush. Alice Caw Ethel AD
hott. Lou Cileveden. Clausus. Start poor. Won rleverly. Next two driving. <* UI "
Polly had no excuse?. She received an excellent ride, but was simply outrooted ana
outgamed through the stretch. Crlfll is a fast trick, but dislikes a route farther than
five furlongs. Shell Mount did rot run much of a race. Anirad had some apred. Touni
Pepper has gone away back. Kitty Kelly had j,oor ra^''*[J! u f*-____^^ N^^^N.
85O7. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs: purse; maiden 2-year-o!ds; value to first. >323.
' Indexl Horse and Owner! WtJSt. Vi. V*. 94 . Str. Fin. 1 7 Jockey. Op- Cl.
6507 Pire.Ua (Mrs. C. E. Miller) 106 4 ... ... 12^12^12 |Knapp V* J2
C519 Velna (G. Van Gordon) ...... 109 3 3 1%2 >i 2 2>4!Haack 10 W
6545 Ben Eric (A. T. Dobson) 106 5 ..." ... 2 2^3 2 8 2 T. Butler.. * -. •
C5O7 Hooligan CD. S. Fountain)... 100 1 4 % 4 1>£4 2VS Bozeman * *
63S7 Anaurus (P. Ryan).. 103 6 5 1^6 2 5.1 P. Phillips. 5 «
6287 E. Sullivan (Piedmont Stable) 109 11 6 % B 1 6n Otis 2» •*>
6375 San Jose (Summers & Co.)... 10C 9 0 2 7 2 7 % I. Powell... » «
Palmdale (R A. Smith) 112 2 ... 7 n 81-83 I^rsen 6 7-2
6581 Anita Knight (J. H. Spratt).. 106 lt> S n 92 92 J. T. Shehn 20 40
Jocular (J Touney) 109 7 .11 10 8 10 4 Bonner 8 10
.... Maybe (Mrs. D. Mowry) 112 8 10 2 11 11 See 30 50
C459 Abba (Alhambra Stable) 103 12 . . . ... Fell [Roach 2S 80
Tlm«»— :24, :49. At poet 2 minute*. Off at 2:48. Plrelia. place, 5; show. S. Velna. plae«.
t>: Fhow. "2. Eric. show. 6-6. • Winner, br. t. by Pirate of Fenzance-Emelia. Trained
by J. Stern. Scratched — Howard Vance. .Start fair. Won ridden out. Next two driTlrgr.
Winner away well and never bothered. Velna ran his race. Ben Eric grave It up. Hooli
gan can do better some other day. Palmdale had early speed and was played. Jocular
a greenhorn. '¦ ¦ ' «
flSOS. THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs; gelling; 4- year -olds and op; U> fl"*. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. M. »£. «£. Str. Fin- I Jockey. Op. Cl.
(C534) Matt Hogan, a (Magrane) . . . . 109 3 ,3 % 3 »4 1 1%1 2 13 Buxton C-5 «-5
. C547 Mocorito. a (J. Ryan).. 10U 2 2h 2h 3 2 H 2 n Holbrook .. 3 18-5
6520 Modder. 6 (Buekholtz & P.).. 105 6C5 63 5V.3 2, 33 JT Ehehn 10 10
(«4SC) David S, 6 (Stanfleld). . .. 111 1 52 74 C 3* 41 44 I." Powell... 4 11-2
6532 Quiz - II. 6 (C. McCaiterty) . . Ill 4 In 1 *i 4 H & 2 57 Bonner 1O ? ,J«
0450 Captivate, 6 (Bianchi & McG.) 100 » 4 1 5 '£ 7 2 fi 1 6 14 P. Phillips. 2O SO
Tod Sloan. 4 <P. Herzog) 9S S 72 4h 2 14 T 2 74 Knapp 50 1W
C230 Joe John. 4 (P. G. Lane) OS 7 S 8 8 8 8 J. Jone» 100 100
Time— :24. :40i;. l:14»-i. 1:21«4. At post 3 minutes. Off at 3:00. Hogan place. 2-5; «how.
1-5. Mocorito. place. 1; show. 1-2. Modder show, 1 Winner, b. g. by Wagner-MIe*
Hlght. Trained by W. P. Magrane. Scratched— Judge Voorhies. Canejo Royal White.
Illowaho, Galanthus. Start good. Won easing up. Next two driving hard. Matt Hogan
was best and received excellent support. Mocorito ran hla race. So did Modder.
Oh. you," David S. Too dry for Quiz. Captivate stumbled and nearly fell on back
stretch. Tod Sloan has speed..
O509. FOURTH RACE— One mile and 70 yards; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, *3C5.
Indexl Horse and Owner. Wt St. %I %. Str. Fin. Jockey. 1 Op. CK
«T, trOl »- * (D - Mc Carty)...: ~95 6 fi%7.1 63 5%ln Bonner 777. 15~ 12
6533 Billy Moore, a (T. T. Rector). 101 4 5 4 B % 4 n 3 % 2 J ' P. Phillips. 6 10
S^- C .? 1 --/ la , n> 6 (D - S " Fountain >- »« » 2 h 4 3 3 1^1 1-, 3 »i" Vandrbout 5-2 8-5
B49< Chickadee. 5 (S. Rafour). 103 9 7 1%« n 7 3 0 2 4n Knapp 10 10
Expedient, a (P. B. Smith).. 101 2 83 9 82 84 5 2 Bozeman .. *~'*'\2
CT.21 Pat Morrissey, a (J. Ryan)... 105 6 4 2 2 h 2 S 4 n 6 < Holbrook .. 10 2*»
6518 Carilee. 6 (Appleby & Co.)... 85 1 1 «i 3 1%5 *j T H < H J. Jones... 10 •_*>
C232 Mont. Peeress, 5 (Mrs. Coffey) 04 7 3nlh 11 22 86 Crosswalk 2 13-5
ft»42 El Pllar. 5 (A. A. Haskell).. 92j 8 9 8 2 » 9 9 Cross ..."¦¦ SO 100
Time— :2iai, :49»4,* 1:15%. 1:42%. l:46?i. At post 3^ minutes. Off at 3:34»4. Petrolia.
TW. e# r ¦'' S Ti 1 i k ,, M °°T r T e> P i ace> 4: ahow ' 8 ' 5 - Van - show « I< * Winner, b. m. b£
Tom Cromwell-Arabella II. Trained by W. Preece. Scratched— Searcher. Rim Rock.
' £!7? Un !". Start Eood - Won ln a nard drlve of flve - Petrolia a good str«tch run
ner Billy Moore ran an excellent race. Vanderbout on Colonel Van had the race in
hand and then went to pieces. Chickadee came from far back. Expedient can do
Montana Peeress.
657O. FIFTH RACE — Futurity course; handicap; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $400.
nd « Horse and Owner. WtjSt. %. ¥,. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. T~O^ CK
(6379) Hagerdon, a (H. L. Frank).. 110 1 ... 2 *i 1 ijll-1 l'MT p7w7n~ « \
6439 Atwood. 3 (Hemingray)...... 92 5 ... 1 n 2 ii* 2 1 2 r, 1 V Jon?, m -
C449 Albula. 6 (Lamasney Bros.). 10O 2 ... 5 2%5 '•«%» n 35 Bonn°r {ft o
0544 Don Domo, S (Newman) 103 3 ... 4 H/,3 2 4 2V 2U p Phillip' I3-B "
«379 Olympian. 6 (J. F. Schorr)... 100 4 ... 7 5 6 2^6 <i 5 4 Reed" T-5 -n
&T90 Molto, 4 (H. U. Shannon).... 95 « ... «n 7 2^7 4 fi 3 Knapp loo ffi
(5S74) Double Six, 6 (Follansbee). . . 108 7 ... 3 1 4 % 5 3 7 4 Laraen lt% ttlS
6543 St. Winiiifride. 4 (Painter)... 96 8 ... 8 8 8 8 Crowwa'tV'l 10 is
Time— :23ti. :47, l:10U- At post 4 minutes. Off at 4:02. Hagerdon place S-5- show
3-5. Atwood. place. 5-2; show. C-5. Albula. show. 7-5. Winner b ' * bV ' r£h-r rJ. T»
Richmond Trained by D Cameron. Scratched-Misty'a Pride, 'start poor. Won^ J «T
lly. Next two driving hard. , Powell beat the others away and his mount was nevJr ia
danger. Away on equal terms Atwood might have won. Albula ran well Don D,™
was beaten when stretch for home was reached. Double Six gave it up in the stretch
C571. SIXTH RACE— One mile and fifty yards: selling; 3-year-olds and up; to first. »-3_'5.
Index Horse and Owner. IWt.St. Vt~V,. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op! CU
6250 Illilouon. 6 (W. D. Randall).. 105] 5 3 h 3 1 4 it, 3 n 1 h Buxton R i
6546 L. Crawford, 4 (Schreiber) . . . 103 3 4 1 R V, 3 n 4 2^2 4 Bonner "" % «
6547 Halnault. 5 (Thomas & R.).. 105 2 In 1 n I *; 2 1^3 n CrosswaiVe" 5 • *
(6522)Hoceo. 3 (Photo Stable) 92 4 2 3%2 3^2 ?; 1 n 4 4 J Jones *~l 16*
€535 Ebony, 3 (Hamtlton Stable).. 86 6 7 6 1%6 2 6 2 5 4 R Butler" m in
6544 R. C. Nurse, 3 (D. A. Ross).. 98 7 6 2 4 1 5 2 6 2 «3 Holbrock « »
6498 Eshertn. * (J. F. Schorr) 103 1 01 7 7 7 7 Roarh^ 2ft nn
64S5 Evea G, 5^ (Mrs. Coffey) |103[ Left knapp '!"'. 10 12
Time— :25. :49?i. 1:14%. 1:41, 1:44U- At post 3 minutes. Off at 4 :2a IHllouon t>Iac
2; show. 4-5. Crawford, place, 2; F how, 4-5. Halnault show ¦ 4-5 WlnnVr
f- by I lS V2V Sette f - * Traln £, b J T D i Randa "- Start g ™« tor a » tat Evea g' Won
in a hard drive of two. Third stopping. Lacy Crawford would have won but fnr
being bothered last eighth of a mile by the winner. Halnault and Hoct>T2Ui tiem
sclvcs out. Ebony weakly handled. Red Cross Nurse will improve. Evea G reftisTd
tO DF6JIK. '
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
W. U Pot. | W. L.. Pet.
Los Angeles. !? 2 .81S Seattle 4 « .400
Tacotna T 3 .700 San Fran 3 -7 .300
Oakland 7,4 .«3(;lPortland ...2 9 .181
Proves Portland's Undoing
With Bases Full, He Lines
Out a Two-Bagger, Which
Toward the end of the round they
held with one hand and with the free
hand swung wildly for head and body.
The bell stopped hostility at this
Woods was trying to hustle Schreck
.nbout in the twenty-fourth, but the
man from Chicago bravely stood his
ground. In the twenty-Hfth and last
round they went at it like a pair of
feather- weights just starting on an
exhibition bout. They fought all over
the ring, each trying to land any
kind of a blow.
A GREAT CLOSE
The twenty-second round was a
hard round. Woods went in viciously
aiid got a right and left to the head
that stopped hi« gallop. They were
both trying hard for a decisive punch
at the end of the round. Schreck
kopt up his jabbing and ducking in
the twenty-third round.
The sixteenth was a fierce round,
the men struggling all over the ring.
Woods missed two left swings and got
a stiff right to the head. The seven
teenth was Schreck's round. His left
was shooting out with the regularity
of a piston rod and Woods seemed un
able to either block it or get out of
the way. Schreck kept up his tactics
in the eighteenth round. Woods
freshened up in the nineteenth and
scored some hard blows to the head
and body.
In the twelfth round Schreck kept
up his Jabbing and had Woods bleeding
badly from the noee. Schreck seemed
to be tiring from his exertions, but
he freshened up and had th« best of
the elugglng match. Woods missed
many swings in this round and then
tried rough tactics with Schreck, who
stood his ground manfully.
Woods kept up big efforts in the
fourteenth to land one of his swings,
but Schreck'e head was never In the
way. The fifteenth was Woods'
round. He staggered Schreck early in
the round and then forced him about
the ring.
In the ninth round each was poking
about In an effort to draw the other's
fire. Woods staggered Schreck with a
left to the head, but he came back
fighting. Schreck commenced to im
prove In the eleventh round, scoring
often to the body and head.
Woods sent a left to the head at the
opening of the seventh round and took
one In return. Schreck shook him up
with a right and left to the head.
Schreck half slipped down near the
end of the round from a left to the
head.
Both men crouched considerably,
Hchreck's position being reminiscent of
Jeffries' attitude. Woods kept his left
thoulder high and many blowB intend
ed for his jaw Sanded there. Shreck
was the first to try when the men went
together in the opening round, sending
a right to the body. Woods came back
Kith a right as they broke away.
Woods sent a right and left to the head
*\nd followed with another left, which
started Schreck bleeding. Schreck sent
a left to the head and got another one
in return early in the second round.
S'-hrcck tried repeatpdly, but the blows
did not go past his guard.
Woods did most of the scoring in
the third round, although Schreck
kept up his Jabbing tactics. The fourth
v.as a bad round for Schreck. He got
a left to the head, which made his
knees hend under him, and he got a
vicious ]eft swing as he was getting
out of a -break. Woods staggered him
v.-Jth a left to the head near the end
of the round. Schreck tried several
times to land a back hander. but did
no damage.
Early in the fifth round Woods sent
x left to the body and got a left in
return. Schreck got through a left to
the jaw and in exchange landed a left
to the head. Woods missed one of his
favorite left hooks. Schreck had him
worried this early in the fight by the
light blows he was sending to his head.
Pchreck ducked under three hard
swings early in the sixth round. He
came back with a left to the body
and another left to the head. There
was a hot slugging match Just before
the end of the round. Each man tried
for a knockout. Schreck seemed on the
point of going out, but he came back
fighting on the ropes and In the strug
gle both men slipped down.
SO3IE HOT WORK.
When the grong sounded the end of
the battle the referee waved both arms
in the air, signaling a draw. The men
who had been betting: 2 to 1 on Woods
seemed relieved when the decision was
announced. The fig-lit was fast and
clean, there being but little clinching
and the men breaking quickly at the
quiet commands of the referee. Schreck
did most of the forcing, but In the
*>arly part of the figrht he found it diffi
cult to tret past 'Woods' gxiard.
THERE WAS CROUCHING.
Throughout the figfct Woods was try
ing to get an opportunity to land th«;
decislre knockout punch. Schreck
ducked fully a hundred swings in
which was aU the strength of Woods'
powerful body. Had any one of thesfi
landed, the iron-jaw^d man would
surely have taken the count. In the
twenty-third round the spectators, who
were with Schreck from the start, com
menced yelling "Schreck, Schreck,
Schreck." Their cries seemed to amuse
rteferee Jack Welch, who smiled sar
castically, as much as to say, "You
might catch Eddie Graney with that
chaff, but you can't fool me." The
cries were continued after each round
until the end.
Referee Jack Welch in calling: It a
drmw <Jld so because Woods was the
stronger toward the end of the fight
and also because he did the most ef
fective hitting. Schreck tapped and
tapped, but there was no force in most
oi his blows.
Mike Sclxreek. the Iron-Jawed boxer
from Chicago, look some of the luster
from the reputation of BJlly Woods,
¦who was proclaimed the greatest mid
dle-weight In America. He boxed
tweuty-Ove rounds with the colored
bonder !act night at Colma and, on
mere boxing points, was probably en
titled to the decision.
GANLEY-S TIMELY DRIVE
Peter's Sluggers Get 'Busy
in the Ninth Inning and
Bat Out a Clean Victory
Both Men Fight Fast
Throughout the
Entire Bout.
Don Domo, the Texas
Sprinter, Runs/
Unplaced.
OAKLANDMAKES
A FAST FINISH
HAGERDON, WITH POWELL UP,
DOWNS SOME FAST COMPANY
COLORED WONDER OUTBOXED
BUT PROVES HARDER HITTER
SCHRECK AND WOODS GO TWENTY-FIVE ROUNDS TO A DRAW
THE , SAN FRANCISCO CALU, WEDNESDAY, APRIU 6, 1901.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
EASTERN MIDDLEWEIGHT "WHO
PROVED TOO CLEVER A BOXER
LAST NIGHT FOR WOODS.
10
ADVEBTISEMENTS. \
EBHBE33aBBBDQBQEBBBBEEiSII3BBi1BBaCBBBaaBB»»BBa
| KNiTwTINGCO. 3
I LADIES' MEM'S S
B SWEATER JACKETS FORM-FITTING S
B Beautiful -Stylish -Serviceable UNDERWEAR 5
§ $4.06 to $7.50 Linurct-Pure Linen'-
g 'LADIES' SILK: VESTS W^t-Pure Silk: j
1 and Vlllurct— Pure Wool. ¦
¦ LINEN UNDERWEAR Bombyret— Pure Silk S
H Giving a pleasure to the skin, un- Our goods plrase the best dressers and 13
g in inferior stocks supply beauty, warmth and rervice. - g
I JERSEYS and SWEATERS • |
a Open Saturdays Till 10 P. M. ; 60 Geary St., S. P^ S
aBRBBBBBHBBaBBBflBBBBBBBflBflflflBBBBBBBBEBBBBBBBSA Chinese was seen to throw a brick
through the show window of Ra
phael's jewelry store at Kearny and
Sacramento streets about 6 o'clock
yesterday morning. There were a lot
of watches and other Jewelry on dis
play in the window, but before the
Chinese could secure any of them an
alarm was raised and he fled toward
Chinatown. He was chased, but suc
ceeded in making his escape. This is
the seventh time within four months
that Raphael's window has been bro
ken and on the previous six occasions
jewelry was stolen.
Window Smasher Escapes.
CHICAGO, April 5. — "The Ameri
can Derby will surely be run. The
quarrel over dates does not affect us."
paid Lawrence A. Young, president of
the Washington Park Jockey Club to
day. The sentiment among the West
ern Jockey Club leaders also was that
the prospects of a turf war coming
from the Worth Jockey Club sources
were slight and not to be feared. It
was believed by them and admitted
that the combination of the Western
Jockey Club and the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club formed an obstacle which
cut short all possible combination to
combat the local organization.
Worth's course was said to-day to be
Btill undecided, but officials of the
i rack declared positively that Worth
will not open on the dates assigned.
Turf War Is Not Expected.
Small In More Trouble.
William A. Small was booked at the
City Prison yesterday on a warrant
charging him with felony embezzle
ment issued by Police Judge Fritz.
The complaining witness is George A.
Rigg, assistant manager of the Howe
Scale Company, 12 Pine street, who
alleges that Small, while acting as
agent for the company for the sale
of typewriting machines in 1892, em
bezzled $265. The amount in the
complaint is $65, the price of one ma
chine.* Small is waiting his prelimin
ary hearing in Judge Fritz's court on
a charge of grand larceny for stealing
diamonds valued at $1000 from Miss
Josie Sinkie, 912 McAllister street. He
was arrested in New Orleans.
M rs. Docture Is Released.
Mrs. Helen Docture, a colored
woman, who called at police head
quarters on Monday, evening and said
she had shot a rival in the affections
of her husband in Cleveland, Ohio,
was released from custody yesterday
morning. Chief Wittman wired to
Chief Fred Kohler of Cleveland and
he replied yesterday morning that
Mrs. Docture was not wanted there.
District Attorney Byington has de
cided to retry William B. Kennedy,
alias Richard Jackson, alias "Yellow,"
for the murder of Policeman Eugene
C. Robinson at Sixteenth and Valen
cia streets on the morning of January
21, 1902. Kennedy was convicted of
murder in the second degree, but was
granted a new trial by the Supreme
Court on the ground that he could not
be convicted on the uncorroborated
testimony of an accomplice. He was
discharged by Judge Cook on Satur
day, as the District Attorney had no
further evidence at that time to offer.
Now it is said that new evidence will
be forthcoming. There is a charge of
attempt to commit burglary pending
aganst Kennedy in Police Judge
Fritz's court.
Kennedy to Be Retried.
Charles Steinberg was the creator of
the devastation. He had pursued Emil
Denlson, a ship carpenter, from the
Folsom-street saloon wherein their
quarrel began until the fugitive sought
refuge in Erben's place. As the hunted
man pantlngly rested his aching nether
limbs Steinberg dashed In, and with
a sigh Denison resumed running. In the
dining-room his Nemesis caught him,
picked him up, swung him around his
head twice or thrice to convey to the
helpless body a proper momentum and
then slammed It with terrific force upon
the table. The entire structure col
lapsed beneath the impact,- and Denl
son lay groaning amid a heap of splin
tered wood, broken crockery and glass
ware and ruined edibles.
Such was the tale narrated to Judge
Mogan, before whom Steinberg . stood
charged with assault and several other
offenses incidental thereto. To give the
defendant opportunity to make good
his declaration that Denison got no
more than was coming to him the case
was continued till to-day.
its weight of choice viands, while, from
the kitchen emanated occasional whiffs
of an odor that whetted even more
keenly the score or so of appetites that
awaited in the adjoining barroom the
summons to eat. Then the wreck oc
curred.
First rat-e. seven and a half furlongs — St.
Merry!'** 1 wen, Trossachs second, Lampoon
third. Time. l:3SH.
Second race, six furlonfrs — Major Pelham
wrin, Fort-hand second. Floral King third.
Time. 1:15V
Third race, four and a half furlonjrs —
Charley's Aunt won, Marie second, Little
¦Mirthful third. Time, :5G*i.
Fourth race, the Country Club handicap, one
mile — Haviiand won, Lurallghter second,
Banter th:rd. Time, 1 :42Hs-
Fifth race, Ftecplechase. about one and a
•«jj.<in»-r rr!il<=s — Farmer's Foe won. Theory sec
ond, f?rielit Girl third. Time. 2:57.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles — Wel
come Light won, Sarllla second. Lodestar third.
T;me, 1:52*4.
Fourth race, six furlon^is — ConkTinp won.
City Bank second. Saif third. Time. 1:16 1-5.
Fifth race, seven furlongs — St. Juvenal won,
John F. Ahcarn second. Cay thrid. Time,
1:31 1-5.
Pixth race, mil* and forty yards, selling—
I-atheron won, James F fecond, Pompano
third. Time. 1:45.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., April 5. — Mont
prhmpry Park results:
Kcsults of the Ilaocs at Bcnnlnjcs
and Memphis.
WASHINGTON, April 5. — Bennin^s
r^sultp:
J'sryt rai-e. six and a half furlonjrs — Mrs.
Ki-nnk Foster won, Tom Cod second, Calgary
\Utr6. Time, 1:23 2-3.
Secor.d race, four and a half furlong? — Mon
Amour won. I^ady Frances second, Maggie
Sin up third. Time, :57.
Third race, eix and a haJf furlongs — Thornry
oroft won. Mr. Pickwick second. Payne third.
Time. 1:23 1-5.
1 he best raco on the card was the
•tifth.st one mile, whkh went to J. V.
Kirby In a hard drive from Dollie
WoiJhoff, with Morwan third. Farmer
Jim, the favorite, bled and was pulled
up. Kirby was 10 to 1. The two
yr?r-o2d event at four and a half fur
lortgrs was easy for the good gelding
Jerotne, Azelina. the favorite, being
secondhand Pogrgy Mine third. Weather
line: track fast. Results:
Kir*t ra>"<\ t-ix furlonps — Headwater. 107
> i"!< t' Vkt>. 0 to l. wen: Meteor*, 108 <Fe;<ho,
;¦<' i.. I, sp.-.-ind; hittlc Peoiei. 100 <l>u<rnn).
4 to l. third. Time. 1:16. Jack Rirhrlieu
.'r . L*cml Maxim. inBoienoe. Eminence Ii,
• iTiv Morn. Ttoleta. 1;r:k NOCK <*apaMe, Fla
nifn', Pirato and Nat Goodwin also ran.
Focond ra<-«=, four end a hulf furlonps — J^
rcrtie. !0J «J. LeuiiO. 11 to 5. won: Azelina.
IflO «.'a< Vn-nn). (i u< .".. Mcxmd; )*<>Kgy Minr, MW
(Prior), 4 to 1. third. Time. :T<d. De Orarn
ni<Ht. St. liixie «nd Brown Study also ran.
Third raoe. onr mile, sellins — Krn<\ !>9 iUw
1--1..I. .". t.. 1. mnj AH Ab^ut. J» (Jackson. 10
t« 1. e.eoTKi; I.rr.ai, !>7 (Lowp), 9 to 1. third.
T:r.i»>. I:i2 l t. The Covenanter. Olivilo, Lcu
v •!»•». i.'czadcro and El oriente a!si> run.
}'• urth race, five furlonps — Masedo. 100 <r>u
t:«i:t. 11 to 10. won; Pat Bulecr. 103 «J. Iv?«is).
6 to 1. t-eoond; Best Man. 112 iPrior), 5 to 1.
th'Yd. Time. I:ul?i. Acnes Mack. Redan.
SiTtri . Victoria S and Kinloch tilro ran
Fifth ra.-*. om rniie— J. V. Ktrby, M <Pu
t:ni. v to 1, nun; Hollie Weithoff. 107 (Uw
r:no<>. 4 to 1. second: Merwan. 106 (Lowe). i>0
»« I. third. Time. 1:42. Silver Fizz, Pla
tTius, GJenrloe. taxicttu and Farmer Jim al?o
S;xth race, six and « half furlong* — Celebra
tlQB. 102 «Feicht), 7 to 2. won; Thisbe, KJS
i.i. I^?wi5l. 8 u> 5. eecond; Ropebud. 108
iBo«ker». 10 to 1. third. Time. 1:21^.. Kath-
Serlne Ennis. Ked Damsel. General Cronje and
MarAna also ran.
«.
WINNERS IN" THE EAS1
LOS AXGEi.ES, April 5. — Masedo
¦u;!s \he only winning favorite at Ascot
to-day. The others ranged anywhere
from 3 to 1 to 10 to 1. There was no
c.sr^eial feature to the day"s pro
gramme, excepting: the breaking of the
.track record in the last race at six and
a half furlonKs> Celebration groins the
distance in l:?! 1 -?.
Hammer throw— Yonker, B. R. H. S. ; R.
P. Crawford, S. C. H. S. : Blanchard, S. C.
H. 8.: Kt-yes. O. H. S.; Moullen. C. S. M.
A.; Cunningham. J. H. S.; Seawell. U. H.
S. : Blakemore. B. H. S.
Pole vault— Eldridp?. B. H. S.; Burk. F.
H. P.: Oftrander. F. II. S. : Henley. U. II.
S. : Poawell U. H. S.; Moullen, C. S. M. A.:
Dozier. O. H. P.; Vail, O. H. S. ; R. Titus,
S. C. H S. : Roeer. W. S. M. A.; Munn. M.
H. S.: Hitchcock. R. H. S.
High jump— Burk. F. H. P.; Ostrander.
F II S. ¦ Seawell t T . H. S. : Magerstadt.
C. P. M A.: Hall. O. H. S. ; Vail, O. II. S.;
R. Titus P C H. S. : W. Crawford, S. C.
H. P.- Munn. M. H. P..; Page. S. R. H. 5.;
Blhkemore. B. H. P.: Morrin. B. H. S.
Broad Jump — Harden. B. H. S.: Bonner, L.
H. P.; Villas, I* H. S. : Jacobs. S. R. H. S. ;
Gould W. S M. A.; S. Titus. S. C. II. S.;
Sheehan O. H. S. : Vesper. O. H. S.; Melvin.
O H. P.: Magemadt. C. S. M. A.; Rawles,
I* H. S. • Gruettner V. H. S. ; Ostrand, F.
H. S.; Burk, F. H. S.
Mile relay — O H. S.. B. H. P.. S. C. H. S.,
L H. S., i\ H S., S. 11. H. S.
Shot rut— Villas, L. H. S.: Parsons, S. R.
H P.; Num. M. H. S. : Crawford, S. C. H. S.;
Blanchard. S. C. H. S.: Hall. O. H. S.; Moul
len. C. S. M. A.; Horton, V. H. S.; Blakemore,
B. II. S.
ISH^yard hurdle — S. Titus, S. C. H. S.; Do
sicr. O. II. S.; Bonner. L. II. J?.; Horton, V.
H. S.: Golcher. C. S. M. A.; Jacob!". S. R. H.
F; Montragie, L.. H. S.; Melvin. O. H. 0.: Wil
kinson B. H. 6.: McOonnell. S. R. H. S.
120-yard hurdle— S. Titus. B. C. H. S.; Mont
eagle. U H. S.: Dozicr. O. H. S. : Horton, U.
H. S.; Melvin. O. H. S.: Jacobs. S. R. H. S.;
Kant. C ; R. Shannon. F. H. S.
Mile run— Richardson, B. H. S.; Drew, F.
H. S.; Harris. F. H. S.; Sweet. F. H. S.; De
Mamie!. U. H. S.: Champreaux. C* S. M. A.;
Gibson. C. S. M. A.; Kejes. O\ H. S.; Maun
drdl. U II. S. : Fickes, O. H. P.; Hunter, S.
C. H. S.; Heldenreich, W. S. M. A.; Smith,
S. H. H. S.: Meyer. I* H. S.
The annual spring field day of the
Academic Athletic League will be
hold on Saturday at the Berkeley oval.
High schools from Fresno to Ukiah
will be represented by their cleverest
athletes. More than 100 competitors
will be on the track and field. The en
tries:
100-yard durh: First heat— Copr, C. S. M.
A.; Truxaw, F. H. S.; Perkins. V. H. S.;
Waibfl, S. C. H. S.; Gould, W. S. M. A.;
Whitman. B. H. S. Second heat— Schwartz,
L. II. S.: Gruettner. V. H. S. ; Delaney. C.
£. M. A.; Rice. O. H. S.; Segal, B. H. S.;
1AU. M. H. P. Third heat— Casper. V. H.
!>.; Topper, P. H. 8.; Roth, U. II. S.; Ves-
XH>r. O. H. £.; Stanton. \V. S. M. A.; Wiley.
L. H. S
220- yard dash: Flnt heat— Beck, C. S.
M. A.; Grai\ S. R. H. S. ; Roth. V. H. S. :
Kpratt. F. H. S. Second heat — Whitman. B.
H. S.; Stcnton. W. S. M. A.; Delaney, C. S.
M. A.; Gruettner. V. H. S.; Truxaw, F. H.
S. Third h<at— Litt. M. H. S.; Can>ar. V. H.
S.; sjchnables. O. H. S. ; Tupper. F. H. S.;
Kldridr*. B. H. B.
44<>->ard dash — Isgrigfr. B. II. S.; Spratt. F.
II S.- It. Shannon. F. H. S. : Rawle*. U. H.
S.; Moor*. U. H. 8.; Sheehan. O. H. S. ;
Vail, O. H. S.: Hall. O. H. S.; Bray, S. C.
H. 8?.: Wilson, S. R. H. S. ; Rath»x>ne, S. R.
H. S.; Abbott. U. H. S.
KM)-yard run — De Mamie!. U. H. S. : Yost. L..
H. S.; Meyer. L. H. S. ; Kant. C: Fickes, O.
U. S_: Keyes, O. Ii. S. : Dodson. C. S. M. A.;
G^son. C S. M. A.: Champreaux. C. S. M. A.;
nillingrham. V. H. S. : G. Shannon. F. H. S.;
Drew. F. H. S.; Miller. B. H. S.; Richardson.
B. H. S.
Institutions of Learning,
From Fresno to Ukiah,
• Will Send Competitors
Hard Driving /Causes J. Y.
Jiirby to Be Successful in
Kace With Dollie Weithoff
Mrs. Minnie Thompson was accom
panied bv her three neatly dressed
little children when she entered Mo
gan's court-to press the charge of as
sault which she had filed against her
husband, Charles L. t . a tea and cof
fee salesman residing at \ 23 Roscoe
street. The woman herself was attired
in well-fitting garments of inexpensive
George Jones, a young vagrant, was
unable to explain to the satisfaction
of Judge Mogan how he became pos
sessed of two ladies' purses, and six
months in the County Jail was prompt
ly prescribed for him.
Laura Martinez, who was born on
one of the spice Islands that stud the
Spanish Main, held her heart intact un
til she met Sergeant Lee Banks, a col
cred infantryman, and to him It . was
promptly and unconditionally surren
dered. At the time of the capitulation
Laura was one of the attractions of a
Pacific-street dancehouse, and when
the dashing soldier captured her heart
and hand she naturally presumed that
he would remove his bride to a place
more conducive to cloudless honey
mooning, but she fooled herself. Ser
geant Banks not only insisted that she
continue her terpsichorean exercises at
the old stand, but assaulted her when
she declined to give him all the money
she earned as a danseuse.
That's how the story was told, to
Judge Conlan, and at its conclusiop he
pronounced Sergeant Banks guilty of
battery and ordered him to appear to
day for sentence.
Maurice Knapp, a ladies* tailor, and
the husband of one of his customers
were before Judge Cabaniss on charges
of disturbing the peace, and after all
the evidence had been heard, the court
dismissed the case as one that could be
amicably settled without the aid of the
law's machinery.
It appeared that the tailor made a
$15 dress for the lady and that in pay
ment for It her husband offered $10
cash and a bill for $5 which he held
against the tailor's father-in-law, and
that thereupon the tailor waxed
mighty/ wroth and refused to accept
anything but full payment in money,
with the result that an altercation en
sued which led to the court proceed
ings.
• • •
Meyer denied that he conducted a
pool room, but the court disbelieved his
plea and ordered him to appear to-day
for sentence. Then it was suggested to
Cole that he might make a charge of
embezzlement stick against Meyer, and
Cole has the suggestion under advise
ment.
In addition to violating the ordi
nance which prohibits the selling of
pools on sporting events, an offense of
which he was convicted yesterday in
Conlan's court, W. J. Meyer stands ac
cused of "welching," and may be for
mally charged with embezzlement.
J. Cole, the complaining witness, tes
tified that after losing several invest
ments in the race handbook kept by
Meyer at his cigar store, 48 Fourth
street, he at last picked a horse named
Skip Me to win at Oakland, and Skip
Me did not disappoint him. The pre
vailing odds were 8 to 1, and Cole
backed his judgment with $5, thus win
ning $40. But when he went to collect
Meyer coolly informed him that no
such wager had been entered in his
book and firmly declined to give Cole
as much as one cent. Cole's statement
was corroborated by J. Horton, who
was present when the $5 was staked on
Skip Me and heard the terms of the
wager. »
A motion to dismiss the charge of
carrying concealed weapons was re
fused,, as was an application for a
transfer of the case to another de
partment on the ground that Judge Mo
gan had shown prejudice.
"The record shows no such preju
dice," was Judge Mogan's only com
ment. Then he advised the prosecut
ing attorney to supply the police au
thorities of Oakland with that portion
of the woman's testimony stating that
her husband had placed her in a dis
reputable house there and cqjlected her
earnings.
The hearing n*ill be resumed this
morning.
"This defendant," said the court, "Is
the most depraved and contemptible
wretch that has ever appeared before
me, and while he shall be treated fairly
within the law, he shall receive no con
cessions from this bench. His unfor
tunate wife Is entitled to .protection,
and I shall see to it that she is neither
coerced nor' cajoled into refusing to
prosecute him."
Then, turning to the bailiff, the Judge
requested him to Inform the city jailer
that the woman was not to be allowed
to hold any communication whatever
with the defendant.
In the case of the Johnsons, Michael
and Hattie, it developed yesterday that
since his incarceration on her com
plaint the young wife has visited the
middle-aged husband at the City Prison
and supplied him with creature com
fcrts; also that she neglected to ap
pear in Judge Mogan's court last Mon
day to prosecute, as she had been -in
structed to do, and that an attachment
for her person was issued to secure her
attendance yesterday.
For a while the unfortunate woman
testified reluctantly, but under direct
questioning by the Judge, and despite
the strenuous objections of the defend
ant's attorney, she gradually abandoned
whatever lenient intentions she may
have harbored and told her piteous
story freely. From the time when, as
a 16-year-old girl, she was ruined by
Johnson until his arrest last Friday
she had been his helpless slave, sup
porting him In idleness, under intimi
dation, by the earnings of her shame.
He it was who arranged the prelimi
naries of her admission to various im
moral houses in Portland, Los Angeles
and this city, and he it was who threat
ened to kill her if she ever appearefl
in court against him. During her re
cital Johnson stared fixedly in her face,
but she kept her eyes upon her kindly
interrogator and spolte fearlessly.
The attorney for the defense alluded
to his client as if he were a model citi
zen, and the allusion apparently ex
ploded the judicial indignation which
the woman's tale had kindled.
*¦¦'-• *
It was" the dinner hour at Joe Erben's
boarding-house, > 27 ¦ Minna ¦ street^, and
a -snowy, table fairly t groaned Vneath
Then came Sherman Washburn, tall,
lean and dirty, who had been arrested
for peddling books at 4 o'clock yester
day morning in the vicinity of Bush
and Kearny streets. Patrolman Mc-
Grane offered In evidence a small bro
chure entitled "Washburn in Water,"
its four leaves being filled, with In
structions for novices in the art nata
torial. Mr. Washburn modestly con
fessed authorship of the work.
"Why don't you practice what you
preach?", queried the, Judge. ,
v What do you mean?" Inquired ; the
defendant.
"I mean that you look as if you had
not been in water since you were born."
"Oh, I am^ engaged in the construc
tion of another volume, to be entitled
'The Rain Cloud,' and telling how rain
may.be produced at will, and close ap
plication to my literary labor is re
sponsible for. these evidences of. per
sonal ' neglect," .- explained Mr. Wash
burn, gazing meditatively, at one of .his
bunches of soiled fingers.
"Well, Washburn out of water, we
have had all the rain we want In this
latitude for one . season," said the
Judge, "and I , hate to let you go to
complete that book; and fill the „ city
with amateur cloud-crackers.- 7 But ,T
will let you go on condition, that you
Immediately, betake yourself and your
unfinished contribution to scientific lit
erature to the region 1 Bouth.of the Te
hachapj, where precipitation in -unlim
ited quantity Is ever yearned for."
Mr. Washburn promised to travel as
suggested.
Richard O'Brien gave his occupation
as "professional astrologer and phren
ologist" when he was booked for va
grancy, but he didn't look either part
as he stood before Judge Mogan.
"To me the firmament is an open
volume and the human cranial forma
tion an infallible Index to human char
acter," said the savant proudly as he
hitched up his tattered trousers with
one hand and buttoned his ragged
coat across a vestless chest with the
other.
"Does your astrological skill enable
you to foretell mundane events?" re
spectfully inquired the Judge.
"Aye, that it does."
. "Well, request the jailer to permit
you to consult the stars to-night so
that you may be. prepared to receive
what I will hand to you to-rhorrow."
The man of science bowed courte
ously and was withdrawn.
"Well, we'll wait for the cop, Mr.
Reed, and if your old friend's', skull is
fractured I may fall" to appreciate the
spirit of playfulness that prompted
you to fracture it."
" 'Twas all a josh, yeronner," he
said pleasantly. "An old friend of
mine came inter de saloon an' I just
guv him a clout on de head wid a
billiard cue. Dat wuz all. Nottin' to
it. All a josh."
"Is your old friend still alive?" In
quired the court.
"Guess so," replied Mr. Reed. "De
cop can tell youse all about dat."
Mr. Reed leaned a brawny arm
upon the bench and smiled blandly as
he complied with the judicial com
mand.
Patrolman Nelson failed to appear
In Megan's court, where he was billed
to. appear as * complaining'* witness
against Fred Reed, charged! with as
saulting a man in a Barbary Coast
saloon.
"Tell us about it," said the Judge
to the defendant.
The Shong Kee housewarming night
before last eclipsed the most success
ful of its predecessors in all that went
to make social enjoyment. Among
those not present was Fong HIngr.
"Five dollars," said the Judge.
The great Shong ¦ Kee event was
scheduled for last Monday evening,
and on the afternoon of that day Fong
Hing hied him to the laundry of Sam
Hop to obtain the precious shirt. Sam
Hop passed him a bundle tagged with
his name, but before tendering his
ticket Fong Hing insisted that the
shirt be shown him. Sam Hop was un
able to show it. The shirt was miss
ing. Fong Hinp cut up roughly. Sam
Hop and aids hurled him through a
window. Arrest of Fong Hing by Po
lice Sergeant Christensen and posse.
Charge, malicious mischief.
"State your defense," said Judge
Mogan to Sam Hop.
"Me no tlow him tloo window,"
said Sam Hop to Judge Mogan; "he
tlow himself tloo window."
For weeks Fong Hing, famed as the
Adonis of Chinatown, has been re
garding with anticipatory delight the
figure he would cut at the Shong Kee
annual reunion, one of the most im
portant social functions on the calen
dar of the Chinese haut ton. Fong
was determined to eclipse his best pre
vious effort in the line of captivat
ing the ladies and earning the envy of
his own sex, and with that end in
view he overhauled his wardrobe.
Among the garments that could be
made to pass critical Inspection, even
at the fastidious Shong Kee affair,
was one silken shirt, but it needed
•washing for the ordeal. So he took
it, with some other soiled clothing,
to the laundrv of Sam Hop, an old
college chum, at 837 Clay street, and
there left it, with particular directions
as to its treatment.
material, and both her appearance and
demeanor contributed to substantiate
the tale of unprovoked cruelty which
she told. She said that for several
years the man had treated her and his
offspring in a most inhuman way, and
the details which she furnished were
piteous. Thompson offered no defense,
and the Judge pronounced him guilty
and remanded him for sentence to
day..''
"And for your information I will
now state that vou will get the limit
for battery and non-support," said
tho Judge to the defendant,, who hung
his head and said nothing.*
"Judge, I wish you would give me
a divorce," said the little woman.
"Sorry I can't do that for you, mad
am," was the kindly response, "but
if my testimony aids you to get a di
vorce in the proper court I shall be
glad to furnish it."
Track Eecord for Six and a
Half Furlongs Broken at
Ascot Park in Los Angeles
CELEBKAT10X IX LEAD
SCHOOLS EEPEESEXTED
Annual Spring Meeting of
Academic League to Be
Held on Saturday Next
After Getting Her Husband Arrested and Telling a Piteous
Tale of His Cruelty to Her, the Woman Provides Him
With' Comforts in Prison,but Again Resolves to Prosecute
BOY ATHLETES
ON THE FIELD
ONE FAVORITE
FINISHES FIRST
JUDGE MOGAN PREVENTS
WIFE VISITING SPOUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL fl, 1904.
11
EAILWAY TBAVEL.
I / aunair l"*l Trmtna leave »nd «r»
I" V nouTti f . I due to arrive st
VaV^^^7W SAN FRANCISCO.
\^ r- ¦ >^ (Mala Line, rerry Depot
>S^V» V^X^ Foot of Market Street /
fc«AT» — Faox FgBaPAKT 17. 1J04. — AKarrF
" 7.00a Vae»Ttlle. Wiriler*. Kuin»ey 7.60r*
74)0a Bealcla.Salsan.EHDtr»»c<l Sacr*-
meau> t.... 7.20r
7J5O*. Vallejo. Jfapa. CalUtoga. Saata
Rota. Martinez, S»a K»mon BZur
7.30a Nllei, LlTermore, Tracy. Lathrop. t
Stockton 7.20?
8X0 a Sbtita Expreu— (Via Darla).
Winums (for Bartlett 8prlnc*>,
WHloirs. trruto. IJed Bluff.
Portland, Tacotn*. Seattle 7.50r
•40a, D«Tls,Woodl»ad, Kntzsts L*ading.
Mnrygvllle. OroviUe 7-60»
S^Oa Port Costa, Martiaex, Aatloch.
Byroa, Tracy. Stockton. N>»-
m*n. Los B»nos. Msndott,
Annona. Hanford. Vlialta.
PorterrUIe 4.28*
0.10a Port Cotta. Martlnes, Tracy. Lata-
rop. Modeito. Merced. 7re«ao.
Ooaaen Junction. Baaford.
VUalla. Bakenfleld ,....- 4.5B»
MOa Kiles, S»n Jote. Llvermore. Stock-
ton. (tMilton), lone. Sacramento,
Placerrl'.lo. MarysTUle. Chlco,
Bed BlnS 4. 23?
8-SOa Oakdale. Chlneie, Jamestown. S>
norm, Tnolumne and Angels 4-20r
8 00a Atlantic Exprett—OzdentndEsit. 11.20a
8.30a Blehmond, Martinez and Way
Stations 8 50*
10.00a Th<s Orerland Lhnlted — Ugden.
Denrer. Omaha, Chicago. B.2&F
10.00a Vallejo »... 1Z2ttr
10.00a Lot Angeles Patten ger — Port
Cotta. Martinez, Byron. Traey.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fretno. Gothen Junc-
tion, Hanford, Lemoore. Viialla.
Bakenfleld. Los Angelei 7-20>
1 J.OOw Hayward. Nllet and Way Stations. 3.20p
ti-OOf Sacramento RlTer Steamers. til. 00*
SJOf Benlcla, TTintars. Sacramento,
Woodland. Knights Landing
MaryirUIe, Ororllle and way
tutfont 10.5B*
5407 Hay ward, Nllet and Way Stations.. 7.50?
B.S0F Port Costa, Martinez. Byron.
Tracy, Lathrop, Modeito.
Merced, Fresno and Way 8t»-
Uons beyond Port Coita ... 12.20*
3.30? Martlne*. Tracy, Stockton. Lodl... 1020 a
400p Martlnez.SanBHmon.ValleJo.Napa. -
Callttoga. Santa Rota 9 20*.
4.00r KUet. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.20?
4.30P Hayward. Nlles. Irrlnxton. San t tS.SOA
Jote. Ltrermore | 111.60*
600? The Owl Limited— Newman. Lot
Banot, Mendota. Fretno. Tnlara,
BakertSe'.d. Lot Angeles.
Golden State Limited, Sleeper.
Oakland to Lot Anirelet. for Chl-
cago, Tla C. R. L 4F „.. 8.88a
B.COr Port Coata. Tracy, Stockton. ...... 1220?
f 5 30r Hayward. Nllet and San Jote ..... 7.20 a
6 00p Hayward. Nllet and Saa Jote. 9.50a
600? Eattera Express— Og^a. Dsnver.
Omaba, St. Louis, c&lcago aad
Eatt. Port Costa. Benlcla, SaJ-
tnn, Elrolra, Davit, Sacramento,
Rocklln, Auburn, Colfaz,
Trnckee. Boca, Reno. Wads-
wortn, Wlnnemncea ............. 5 2tr
I. 00p Vallejo. dally, except Sunday:... I -, qn »
74>0» Vallejo, Snnday only h /6ar
743Oi" Klchmoud. San Pablo, Port Cotta,
Marttnes and Way Stations 11.29a
805p Oreiron * California Express— B»o-
nmtnlo, MaryiTllle, Redding.
Portland. Puget Sonad aad Eatt. 8.60a
8.10? Hayward. Kile* andSaa Jote (Snar
day only) 11.88a.
COAST LINE (.larraw tiaage).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8.15a Newark, Ceaterrllle. 6«n Jote,
¦¦ Felton, Boulaer Creek, Saata
Cms and Way Station*.. ......... 5-58?
¦ tS.ISr Newark. CenUrrlUe. Ban Joae.
;¦--. New Almaden.Lot Gatoa,relton. -
Boulder Creek, Santa Crna aaa
Principal Way Station* tlO-53*
4.15? Kawark. San Jote, LotOatotandl t8.55A
' waysUtlona I :10 65a
•8 JtOP Haatert Train, Saturday only, San
Joae and Way Stations. Return-
Ing from Los Oatot Bnnday only. t7 25?
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SA^ * KAN CISCO, lout of Market St. (Slip H
~t7:19 1:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 300 61Sr.]f.
Frem OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — 1«:00 tSttl
t8:05 10:00a.m. 12.00 200 400 p.m.
COAST LIN E (Broad Uaace).
ttf~ (Third and Towntead Streeta.)
8.10a San Joae and Way Station*.. ....... 8-30r
7.00 a San Jote and Way Station* 638?
800a New Almaden (Tuf s., Frld., -«nly ). 4-1 Or
% 00a The Coaster— Stop* Only Saa Jote,
Gllroy (connection for HolIIt-
ter). Pajaro. Cattrorllle (con-
. aectlon to and from Monterey
aad Pacific Grore), Salinas. 8aa
Ardo, Paso Roblea. Santa Mar-
garita, San Luis Oblspo. principal
station* thence Surf (connectloa
for Lompoc), principal nations
thence Santa BArbars.San Buena-
?entura, Saugns. Lot Angelet... 10-41*
9.C0a tan Jote, Tres Plnos. Cepitola,
SanuCrur. Pacific OroTe. Salinas.
San Lnlt Oblspo aad Principal
Way Stations ............. 4.10?
10.30a San Jote and Way Station*........ 1.20?
1140a Santa Clara. San Joie, Los Gatoi _ ¦
and Way SUtlon* 7.30?
1 .30? Ban Joie and Way Station* 835a
e.CO? Del Monte Expreta— 8anta Clara.
- ' Baa Joae, Del Monte, Monterey.
Pacl&c Grore (connect* at Santa.
Clara for Santa Crux, Boalder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Point*)
at Gllroy for HolUater. Tret
Pino*, at CastroTiiie for Sallna*. 12-15?
S-SOr Tre* Pino* Way Pauenger......... 10.45a
430? Ban Jote and War Station* tS-OO*
tSOOr San Joae, (rU Santa Clara) Lot
Gatot, and Princlp*: Way Sta-
- Uona (except Snnday) - fS 00a
i630? San Joie and PrlncipalWaySUUont 1340a
6.00p Snntet Limited.— Redwood. San
Jote, GllroT.8allnaa.Pato Koblea.
/ Ean Lult Obtspo, Santa Barbara,
Loa Angel**. D-mlnjc. El P*«o.
Kew Orleaaa, N«t Yor*. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Cms
and at . Cactrortll* for Paclflo -
GroTeand Way Stations... 7-13*
t6 -15? Ean Mateo.Berettord.Belinont.8aa
Carlos. Redwood, ralr Oaka,
, Menlo Park. Palo Alto........... tfl.48»
6 30r 8»n Jote and Way Station*......... 8 39a
%-OQt Palo Alto and Way Stutfon*. ...... 10.1Sa
11. S0r South San Francisco. MUIbrxe. Bar
, llagame. Saa Mateo. Belmont.
• r * San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaka. ¦
Menlo Park. aa<t Pale Alto....^ 9-45»
n11.I0p Marfleld, Mountain View, Sunny- '. •
Lawrence. SanU CTara and
8an Jo<"< t3.4<?
~" A for Morning. Pfer Afternooa.
1 Bnnday excepted. t Sanday only " . » ;
a Satarday only.
I Etopt at all station! on Snnday. qV8JH
CVOaly train* (topping at Valencia ax. *o«tkt*««4
*r«6:WA.i»^7:(»AJi, U:»A.M,»;30?JS,i:a»»jB > «a4
pmtm-- — ~- - ..— .-
EAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA I
LIMITED TO CHICAGO I
LEAVES DAILY I
at !):.'{O a. m., throug-h In 3 day a B
with diner and all trapping's. ¦
Other Santa Pe Trains:
9-30 a" m'l for stockton ' Fresno. Bakerafleld,
8:00 p! m.J Merced. Hanford and Visalla.
4 :00 p. m. for Stockton.
8 :00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot. S. F. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. 27 South Flrat St..
San Jose. •
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAIL WAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAW FRANCISCO TO SABT RAFAEL.
AVEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:*3.
S:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDATS— 8:00 9:30 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
3:3Q. 5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:35. 7:50 9:20. 11:16
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40. 5:00. 6:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00 9:40, 11:13 a. m.; 1:40.
3:40. 4:55. 5:05, 6:25 p. m. -
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco.) Sept. 27. 1903. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- J Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. | tlon. | days. ( Days.
"7730 a 8:00a 0:10a 8:40a
9:30 a Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p . 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p ¦
7:30a " 9:10a 8:40a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
S:10p 3:30p and 7:35p
5:00 p Santa Rosa. ,
7:30 a S |10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. I 7:33 p 0:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p |
¦ Windsor, I ' "
7:30a 8:00a Healdsburg, 10:40a 10:20a
Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale,
7:3Oa 8:00 a Hopland 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30p( and Ukiah. 7:35 p 6.20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| WUUts. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 aj 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 vl 3:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al S:00a| Sonoma, I 9:10 at 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. |6:05pf6:20p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:2O a
3:30pl 3:30p| SebastopoU f 7:35 pf 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln, at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo,
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Llerly's.
Bucknells, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg
West Point, Usal; at Willlts for Fort Bragg,
Westport. Sherwood, Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
ville, Cummings, Bell's Springs, Harris, Ol-
sen's. Dyer, Garberville, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
i Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
I On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
. . Gen. Manager. C!en. Pass. Agfc.
_ ~t0 san rafael,
rossvalley;
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sau«alito Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric
¦ : Depart from San Francaco Dally 7:00, 8:00,
9:00.10:00, 11:00 a. m., 12:20. 1:45, 3:15, 4:15
6:15. 6:15. 7:00, 8:45. 10:20, 11:45 p.im. -
FROM SAN FAFAEL TO SAN FKANCISCO
—Daily.' 6:25, 6:35, 7:40, 8:35, 9:35, 11:05 a.
m., 12:20. 1:45, 2:55,' 3:45. 4:45. 5:45. 6:45.
8:45, 10:20 d. m. ' .*
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Da.Iy, 6:45, 6:65. 7:52. 8:55. 9:65.
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 5:05. 8:05.
7:05. 9:00.il0:35 p. m. .
. THROUGH TRAINS. '. '
8:00 a. 1 m dally — Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 ! p. ; m. week days' (Saturday excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations. ," . . "" : - - ¦ . ,
¦ Sundays . only — TO a. . m.. ' Point Reyes and
way stations Tinnpf.ii iKli 11 mi in im \jMm inlft'TWi 1
TICKET * OFFICE— 626 Market et.
: - FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
U/T.HESS,
Notary Public and Attorn ey-at-Law.
Tenth; Floor. Room*lWl5.Claus Pcreckeu bids.
: ¦ ¦ ¦ .'- Telephone Main* 0S3. ->
Residence, 1802 McAllister St.-
.Kcsldsnce Telephone : Pace 5641.
PAINE'S CELEBY COMPOUND. , , ¦
Now I Am Well and Strong"
More Praise for the Celebrated Nerve Vitalizer and Tonic
P A I N E ¦ S CELER Y GOMPOU ND
IT GIVES ALMOST INSTANT EFFECT.
The whole system needs new strength . -r;;-;, ':JXSi3iiijSSSS^SJSSS^l^'''" :^ :^^ "* go^ one '*°**'' e ' an< * when I had
to make up for the Vitality used up by ( : taken' half of It my bowels were regular,
the effort your body makes to purify it- ••¦v^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^S^^'^*^.- -<^i mj ' appetite came back and I com-
self every spring. It needs Nerve Force V:^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^>^ menced to sleep well. Now when I over-
quickly — for it ia only from this jmHaftBaB^^^»^^^^^^^^^^«^'. • work and begin to pet nervous and can-
strength of the inner nerves that the : not digest my food properly I just take
organs of the -body get the power to do a few dosos of Paine's Celery Compound
their work and to keep in good condi- : : : S?:- :^^^^^^^ and am a11 ri^ht again.
Tired, weak, run down, nervous wo- V^^^^^^^^^^^0^^^^^mR the world. Before I learned what
men — thousands of them in homes, of- Paine's Celery Compound would do I
flees, stores and factories— dragging out BBihl8B gj^^^^^^^^^^j : :. : . :^BB^: : :- : had tried all kinds of medicines and
their lives In poor health and low spir- <^^!^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ JB8§£'-': : :- nothing had helped me." — Mrs. Nellie fl.
its, subject to grip, colds and head- P^^^^^^^p-v^^^^P^^^^^ Baker, Springfield, Vt. Oct. 10. 1303.
tude that got" its hold upon them and |i^^^^^^^^|S^^ : The Nerves rule all— Liver and bow-
never was shaken off. , ' and bloo<1 -^ ver y orsan of the ho<iy -
KO APPETITE — CONSTIPATION — . : : ''.SW> nerve strength to the system. And
SLEEPLESS. j . j f''i$$:\ through the nerves it purifies the blood
The Wonderful Restorer Brought This : '^^^^^^^^P^ f : and eiVCS hcalth and strf!npth to the
Happy Health. S-i^^^^^^^^^^^^^^i^:??"'^ Il iS th9 ° ne pprin ' ? Remedvthat Pl1 '
"I wish I could tell every woman in rlfics without weakening the system.
the land how much Paine's Celery Com- : 1 :^^^^?p^Pl^^»S eiveS stren 6 tn instead of taking
"I can never thank the friend- enough BY MRS.' EMMA PETTY". •••••• »•««•>» »*»••» •»•••»¦
who told me to try Paine's Celery Com- « x was ,$1 run down and not able to t-J| Oet J$ the »EAI. CAUSE— the*
pound. I hatt almost given up in de- follow my occupation as stenographer. (1 «**BVES. t
«snair t m « « n norvmii tirprf and rim x begfan . taking" Paine'8 Celery Com- n —Prof. E. E. Phelps. M. D.. LUD.. of*
spair. 1 was so nervous, tired and run poun | f 3^4 t^agig t0 lt> , x g^ ow well \\ Dartmouth University. Discoverer of!
down. I had no- appetite, was consti- and mtxong." 925 Huron St., Indianapo- « PalDe's Celery Compound. J
pated and could not sleep. ¦ Us. •••¦•• «»»»»» » » « »'» « » ?»»«»»
Co to Your Druggist TO-DAY--Cet one bottle of
Paine's Celery Compound— See how DIFFERENT
/ it will make you feel.
ADVEBTISEMElfTB.
Our Price
* Even' the expert baggage smasher can't
make ' any !mr>res3lon - on one - of - thes-?
trunks." This trunk is made for wear and
tear. Buy one for the St. Louis Exposition
it you're going." .Duyone anyway if you
want a. good trunk." : ¦ ' .
'¦ It Is a regular $0 value. Has two extra
tray*, all heavy . brass trimmings and
double straps. : Our. price $6.
A; B. SMITH CO.
188-133 2Z.IiXS STREET,
Above Powell.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
\ . Utn Tk StwallW Imrj I Arrive
8— Frandaf NstrflUrkatft SanFraadaea,
Week SSTT - Son- « I Week
Days, days jWBBa. , **J* Days.
stron*8:ooA MtaiiUtta i2«o»r reriuj
•1:45* 9:OOa H V l:«5r 8:«Op
•uap 1O:OOa VE3V »:10p 5:R0»
¦,¦-• 11:00a v^B y «i5«p t:M*
, l:45p 8:5Op ,
M , , .»iiii| '•'/'¦¦ *'*»' ••••' t *
' ¦ «»—¦ m)A ttan *> •¦-•*-¦¦ «|iia ait TOtW ftaa V ¦
"ncOT ¦ I CM Mamxmt Sr^North Shore Railroa3T
Wnm I and aAVBAunre P»*ar, Foot Maxkt Sfc
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f&3 EST 1847 . w&k
hi Are a universal remedy for Pains in the Back (so frequent ft|
a in the case of women). They give instantaneous relief. pf
pi r bc^cve^ there is a pain appry a Plaster. pi
p DIRECTIONS FOR USE M
fi>l For pain* in the rrjrion of For Rheumatlsni or Paim For Son Throat. Comte,' C^
k?| thekWh«y».orforaWe«lc la SlwaMera, Elbows or Bronchitis, for Weak fki
«1 Back, the plaster should be *lsewh«-e, or for Sprains, Lansja and (or painful rod §«fj
On applied as shown above. Stiff aesti, etc.. and for sensitive patts of theabdo- KS|
B3 Wh.-i.-v-r ttirie is pain Aching Feet, cut pUs»«r men, apply *s lndicaui. fe >» 1
PQi apply AUco<:k - s Plaster. siie and shape required and rad
h'S ' anpjy to part i&ectea tt |^|
l~>/: shown above. repc
m Rheumatism. Colds, Coughs M
¦ ) Weak Chest. Weak Back M
Lumbago, Sciatica, &c., &c. y |
0i REMEMBER-AIIcoek't Plaster* «r» the original and genuine poroos &
wM piaster and hare never bc«n equalled as pnin-enrers. Fnrtiierraore, they are K^i
til (ibrohdriy tafe as they do not contain belladonna, opium or any poison j
K{L whatever.THE SAN FRANCISCO : CAlX. WEDNESDAY, "APRIL 6, 1904.
12
HELP W^STED-FEWALE C«».
WANTED-Experienced MlMtadf «¦ i for fancy
goods department. MARKS BROS.. 1—0
Market et^
WANTED-Glrl to assist with «"«»» horM *-
work: wages $15. Apply 880 Halght St.
WANTED— Chambermaid at New Golden O*U
Hotel, 164 Fourth Bt. "' " •
WANTED^A~good"flni3her to work on custom
coats. 2/3 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
WAIST trimmerTand finishers; also an appren-
tice, paid. 411 Mason st^ .
WANTED — Girl for light housework, Alameda.
Apply at 3C92 Sixteenth St.. city. ¦
WANTED — Middle-aged woman for housework
In country; wages $15; pleaiant. permanent
home to right party. Address box 1194, Call.
CALL sit 5OS Mason st.. or phone Black 1533.
First-ciass ladies' employment office.
EXPERIENCED maker and apprentice* want-
ed in millinery store. 602 McAllister »t.
FIRST-CLASS finisher en custom pants. «22
Clay st., room ISA. ¦ --'
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. ro. Wednesday; salary no object.
WANTED— A No. l'dressmaker, cutter and flt-
ter. Box 4224/ Call office.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. Ap-
ply 1838 Buchanan St., bet. 9 and 12.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1003 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. ra. ¦ ••* •**¦'•*¦ ,'
HELP WANTED MALE.
MURRAY & READT. 634 and 638 Clay «t.
Phone Main 5845.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We Speak
Italian — German — Spanish — -
Greek— French— Swiss.
If you stay 4 months, that's alL
Government work.
155 teamsters. $2 a day.
155 laborers. $2 a day.
155 rockmen. drillers. $2 80 to $8 ft <S*~A
Eight hours' work; irrigation work.
$1 fee. that's all; $1 fee. 'that's all.
To the Mines.
Machine, single and double hand, (82 60 tt
All Over California.
Arizona, Close to Pretcott.
910 miles. ' S3 10.
655 teamsters, laborers, driller*, etc., $2 to
$3 day; don't te 3tlngy with your distance;
get closer to lands-* of sunshine; center of
great mines.
Arizona — Arizona — Arizona.
¦*:•.;--; .','-.- Mechanical. —
Planer and sticker hand. Oregon. $3 50 day.
Tallyman, lumber company, boss here, $90.
Milkers.
2* milkers, all parts of California, $30. $33.
$40 and found.
4 butter-makers, $40 and found.
12 farm and ranch hands. $25, $29, $30 fd.
Woodchoppers.
125' woodchoppers. all over State.
Postmakers. shakemaJcers. - etc.
Hotel Department-
12 cooks, different places. $30 to $78 aad f i.
Walters, dishwashers, bell and elevator boys.
Laundrymen. $15, $20. $30. $40. $50. $60. $70.
Tour Fare Paid.
Milker. Kound Valley. $30 and found.
Butter and cheese maker, Round Valley, $35
and found.
Cement finisher, little experience. $2 50 day.
5 farmers and wives, $40 and $50 and found.
- farm hands, crange grove. $23 and found.
Boy, grocery store, city. $5 to $6 week.
Gardeners.
Vegetable gardener for ranch, boss here, $39
and found.
Gardeners, flowers, etc., fare 40c. $30 found.
Painter, carriage shop, $3 day.
Sticker hand; drug clerk. $60.
Boy, tend city cigar store, $5 week.
Foremen— $80.
2 foremen for Nevada. Government "-"-"ork.
Dishwasher, lumber district. <25 and found.
Boy, learn blacksmith trade, $7 week.
NURSES. _ -.-
8 nurses, new Institution, boss here. $35 fd.
Ward master, janitor and porter, fare $1, $30
and found.
, 2 machinists, country Jobs, $2 50 »nd S3 23
day.
, . '„ Gardener, Private.
4 gardeners, country, bosses here, $30 ami M.
ft vegetable gardeners, country. $30 and f d.
Farm hand to work about a nursery, fare
80c.
Gold Quartz Mln*.
Machine miners. $90.
First timberman, $S2 50; second tlmbennan.
$75. .
Man about city store, $1 day.
Baker's helper. 10c fare, $7 week and found.
Man run chicken ranch.
Man take charge poultry yard, $30 and f 1.
2' miners. 60c fare, $75.
Choreman. private family. Napa County. $25
and found.
Married farmer. 40c fare, $45 and house.
FOR LARGE MINE.
2 hoist engineers, $75 and found.
v MARRIED. .. ~
Man and wife, cook 6 men, drive two horse*",
Monterey County; extra good ranch. $50 fd.
MURRAY & READT. 634-638 Clay st.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCI.
526 Montgomery it-, 520.
¦ Phone Main 1191 — Upstairs.
Special — Boss here to-day.
Large Sawmill Co. — Southeast.
Cook, and wife, easy job, $100 and found;
man and wife, man as teamster, wife to
cook, small crew of men. $70 and found,
boss here to-day: foreman- rock crusher, boss
here, $100: 3 farmer-", large ranch, south.
$20 and found, small teams; powderman,,
X hours. Government work, $2 50; 10 men to
burn charcoal; stableman, city, $30 and
found; ranch teamster.
BUTLER and wife. $6O. country: nurse for
sanitarium, $35 and found; engineer for
mine. $2 50 day and board; 2 car builders.
; $3 day; farmer and wife. $45 and found;
butter maker. $40 and found, and milker,
same place. ?."*.O and found: milker*. $3<>
and (35 and found: kitchen man. $25: 2
restaurant cooks. $70; 3 hotel cooks, city
- and country, $5O and found: 2d cook. $4:>
and found; porter, country. ?25 and found:
dishwashers. - bell boys; bus boy for restau-
rant, $."50: elevator boys and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento at. " -
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
05 THIRD ST.. TELEPHONE MAIN 5521.
¦',.;. CITT WORK WORK.
3 teamsters : $2 S<»
Elevator boy 'or city hotel.. $12 and found
NEVADA WORK. XEVADA WORK.
25 teamsters .../..'. ?2 2T»
13 laborers... ...../..... $2 00
Fare refunded. "-&'*" ree ?I 0O
HORD H SMITH.
A — CONTRACTORS' Emp. Agency — 63R Wash-
. lngton St.. phone James 3301-^ Wanted to-day.
5O laborers, new street railroad -work, nea*"
city. $2 day. 5 hand miners. $2 75 day: •">
tlmbermen. ;J3; men for ranch work: black-
smith's helper: wheelwright: harne!«-
maker, etc.- Call and sie our list of work
L. H., CUTTING & CO.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 MontrometT. r. 12.
.Pastry cook. $65; third cook. $65.
WANTED— Boy from 14 to IS years of ¦¦ a?e
for stock clerk. -• Andy between 9 and 11
a. in. at HALE BROS'.
WANTED — Tailor bushelman:- good wages f<*r
quick man. Scotch Plaid Tailors, 1000 Mar-
ket st. • _^
ALL-AROUND washer and engineer for coun-
try laundry: wages $2 50. Address box 119*.
: Call office. ¦ '
EXPERIENCED solicitor for mercantile, credit
and collection agency: state experience. ¦ sal-
ary expected: references. Box 120«. Call.
: STEADY. - sober man as cook* (married man
','• preferred): also-a good dishwasher. Call at
SQ5 Mission st. at 9:S0 a: m.
TRUSTWORTHY young man to tak« chargs of.
Oakland office :" good -proposition to 'right
man. - Address box 1209. Call office.
TAILORS— Bushelmen wanted. Apply ready
for work. S- N. WOOD & CO. ,
ERRAND boys wanted. M.ARKS BROS.. 133*
Market gt. . ¦''.-
BOY", about 1« or 17 for wholesale houss: stat —
age and experience. Box 1085. ¦ Call.'
WANTED — Two young men to finish or lean
the barber trade free of . charge. 627 Clay «t.
STEADY. 1 trustworthy man as partner In.wtU-
"-paylng cash business: $225. S10 Folsom st.
GOOD. lunch waiter wanted. at H10 Folsom st.
. : German lunch house* ; call early.
'AN experrrnc-fd bushelman: references. LICH-
, TENSTEIN BROS.; 25 Stockton »t. , .
, BOY from 18 to IS for ©fne« work, Addrtss
; S. G. box lion. Call otnY-y. -.¦.-..¦.'
NKAT. bright : boy wanted fe»r of flee. Apply
Superlnttndjnfis offlee. Tho Kiwporlnm.
WANTED — Steady ' barber evtry evening and
Sunday mornlnic. TW» »Je»ry «t,
GOOD barber wanted. *%\ Clay »t.
BARBER, first clasn and neat tn appearance.
• 904 Broadway," Oakland.
DISHWASHER wanted. Call earty. IO» Bares
atr-ieu
BPSIJTESS CHANCES— CoBtlnctd. I
A, CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050.
3 Edd6' et., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses tU50 to SI00O
Candy and icecream parlors $200 to $250«»
Barber shops.' $500 to "M5OO
Cigar stand? $,!50 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5600
Saloons • $300 to $10,000
Restaurants .$350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to S100O
Drug stores $2000' to $(5000
Delicatessen stores $250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1COO
A F.IRST-CLASS opportunity for druggist or
doctor; fine location for drug store; good fix-
tures, counters and showcase; rent only $C0:
business already established; with 0 rooms
and bath in rear; ¦ elegantly furnished
throughout: everything complete for house-
keeping of the best- quality; price S1S0O.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mines; flne prospect;
located In Cal; assays $40 to $70 ton: trade
for rmc-houf e or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort; fine
groves; ' 36-room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease; raise own hny. vegetables; all
kinds fruit; rent $500 per year; equity in
this S?500: death in family cause of sale.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants In city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $}00 day: will
bear Investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Ladles* furnishing and fancy goods
business: cheap rent: wen located; estab-
• llehed 12 years: will invoice $S000; sickness.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale— Half interest in good paying, swell
little restaurant; obliged to leave city; a
snap at $275. CAMERON. & CO. :
FOR sale — Clrar-store,- with clubrooms; cen-
trally located on K St., Sacramento: estab-
lished ten years. Address O. K.. box 1S2.
Sacramento.
ANTIQUARIAN Bookstore. 547 Washington:
entire stock for sale, as a whole or in part,
a sacrifice; premises be vacated at once.
FOR sale — Oakland planing mill:' good Ioca-
tlon. 752 Franklin ft.. Oakland.
FOR sale — The Perfume Palace, 775 Market st.
FOR sale— Half interest In wood, coal, hay
and grain business; bargain. Box 4212, Call.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON "&"cO. Phone South 1050~
3 Eady St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-Houses, Hotels and
AH Kinds of Business Chances.
220 rooms; new and ur>-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; 5-year contracts
for cheap' lighting: grand new building; clear-
Ing $400 to-?GOQ per month; obliged to leave
citr.
11 rooms; rent $40; close in; oak. cherry fur-
nfcure; Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all
expenses; $40O cash, balance time; snap; $7C0.
46 rooms; rent only $65; well located hotel
south of Market: flne bar; well stocked; brick
building; electric lights; everything (rood con-
dition: part cash, balance time; price J25OO:
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
40 rooms; elegantly furnished; rent only $250;
oak and mahorany furniture; 60 boarders:
clearing J250 rer^month; close In; flne buy;
price $6000.
11 rooms; Kllis St.; close In: oak furniture;
m.^quet carpets; part cash, balance time, price
$t'.5O.
10S rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished: up-to-date rooming-house: has flne
bar; cp.n be run In coniunctlon If desired; rare
chance for rieht parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of house; other business Inter-
erts demand immediate departure.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room;' new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator.,
lights; long lease: clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
19 room's; rent only S'00: well furnished; lit-
tle «F xr ".meni-hcuse; reduced to- $1100.
20 rcomn; cheap rent; close in; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $1CO; part cash.
30 rooms; rent only $150; oak and cherry
fur.; fine carpets; close In; flne money-maker.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house in Pan Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building-; flne entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance S per cent per year. .
18 rooms; rent JSJ; well furnished; all new;
$600 down, balance l\i per cent; flne buy; only
$1250.
25 rooms- rent only $W; north Market; all
full; clears $lt0 per month; price $1SOO; will
exchange for small chicken ranch.
I OH rooms; new; mr.st elegantly appointed
fanily hotel !n city; all full and clearing $400
to S00O per month: books open for Inspection;
obliged to leave city.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
190 rooms; new and elegantly appointed
apartment-house; swell location; long lease;
cheap rent; cart cash, balance made out of
house without interest.
10 rooms* Ellis; newly furnished: rent $40;
apartments: $200 down, balance $20 per month. '
no interest; must be sold on account other
business; price $725.
20 rooms; well located; north Market; cheap
rent: lucerne $70, leaves two rooms landlady;
snap; $300.
75 rooms: new. modern building; elegant fur-
nishings: cheap rent; close In; will clear $400
per month; $5000 dewn, balance can be paid
out of house; see this.
9 rooms: sunny flat; rent $">0; oak. mating.
fur.; obliged to. leave city; reduced to $650.
2R rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill: doing flne buslners; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
8 rooms: flne upper flat; rent only $30: can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$150.
IS rooms; rent $83; north Market: close in;
good mone/ maker; reduced frcm $1600 to ?1100.
23 rooms; well furnished; first-class tran-
sient house; 2 blocks 'off Market; 5-year lease;
clearing over $100; good buy for some one. .
81 rooms; rent $110; all llcht rooms: clear-
ing over SjilCO per mo.; regular snap: only $S00
to get in; roust leave city at once; price S1300.
128 -rooms; cheap rent; long lease; flrst-
elurs up-to-date downtown hotel; well fur-
nished; clearing $500 to $000 per month: must
sell on account of other business; only with us.
50 rooms; elegantly furnished; flne location:
close In: new and modern throughout: full and
clearing $250-4o $.%0" per month; must be sold
to settle an estate; only face of mortgage now
on it as.ked; fhance of a lifetime.
W> room*; part offices; 'elegant new building
and furniture; high-class location: | beautiful
halls: evtrything modtrn: first-class -grill In
connection: Tjest proposition In city; called East,
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
ni-ibed; oak and mahogany; ' fine proposition;
good lease. . . /
17 rooms; r«nt only $70; oak furniture; Ax-
minster carpets: tine location; clears $S0; flne
buy.
CO rooms; central; cheap rent; well fur. ; some
housekeeping; lull; will take flat in exchange.
126 rocms; fine downtown corner house: pri-
vate baths: beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in >30.to "M<f per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
21 room**: corner; rent only $85; oak fur.;
good carpets: housekeeping;, all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4. rooms landlady:
price $1000. ¦ .
50 rooms; new: modern apartment-house; 10-'
year lease: cheap rent; clearinK $250 to $300;
very central; first-clacs proposition. " . » j
MITCHELL & CO. Phone Jessie 20S1;
120tt Market St., opposite Sixth.
16 rooms; neat, sunny, two-floor house; rent
$40; sell or exchange: price $i"50. -¦-.-- -, -----
ti5 rms.: downtown house; steady; transient:
clearing $350 monthly: handsomely . furnished.
20 rms.: choice "corner rooming-house; unex-
celled for transient as well as steady. roomers.
25 rooms; well-appointed housekeeping suites;
landlady must sell; ' make offer.'
MITCHELL & CO.. 120H Market st. ¦
100 ROOMS; tunny corner: 'rent $125.... $4500
112 rooms: clears $350;' low; rent... .....J450O
HO rooms; furniture nearly new.. ....... .$3800
15 rooms; fine location, north of Market. $000
40 rooms; In Oakland; new; rent $ti0...$:&oo
12 rooms;* >4 cash; cheap rent.:. . '.-..;.. $600
Money to loan . o« furniture. 'E1TEL-&
CAP.ROLL. : 212 ' Kearny st. '* V
$600— FURNISHED house: 9 large rooms: front
parlor and front upstairs pay. the:rcnt; Sut-
. ler : and Jones els. - - Call J. , STRAUB* 630
Market si. •
i.onni\n wocsi*:** Ton sa'.k— rm.
MAUIOX. GRIFFIN.
4CJ Hearst- building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in fine t'ront offices.
Phone illaek 3tJO7, or take elevator to 4th .floor.
. l.-p-tu-date tltie abstract free with every sal?.
CLEAN; ](> rooms; ri furnished; rrnt S40; in-
come 570; Drice $,'!C0; sunny side o£ street;
nrar \an Xejs ave' - -
I Soe MARION GRIFFIN.
ULTRA fashionable private boarding-house; 20
rooms; most expensively furnished; large
-frounds; clears $154 monthly.
I See MARION GRIFFIN.
i ONLY- SOU rent; 20 rooms fcr $120C; 1-3 down
anf! httle monthly installments: rent $^0.
MARIOX GRIFFIX, c»_ 406. Examiner Mj'.d.
TWO 40-room houses one north, one south;
each clears Sltj2 p»" r month; offpr wanted.
Exclusively .-with MARION GRIFFIN.
¦ NEW and modern house of 60 rooms; S-year
lease; electric elevator; hct and cold
"tvater; brass beds;' tine carpets; oak
furniture: high-class business.
Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
LANDLADY, ycu would only care for the
wide, sunny halls in this 39-robm
, house; all 3-room suites, newly fur-
nished; price onlv-'$15UO. It's a bar-
_^ gain. ,, gee MARION GRIFFIN.
ASK MARION GRIFFIN
For "permit to Inspect" the 63-room house,
T * &^ e J d to * 4w) 0; newly painted: well fur-
n.shen; 1!7 bay-windows; 5-year lease; quiet;
respectable; - terms half cash; clears exactly
flT'i monthly. .-
HOTLL FOR ARISTOCRATIC FAMILIES;
, very select; well - 'established: richly fur-
nished : splendid corner; over 100 rooms; ab-
Bolutely clears ?<.'00O vearly; see my only
. agent: " -,
SiAKlON GRIFFIN, r. 4<Hi, Examiner bid.
TRANSIENT houses for sale by M. GRIFFIN.
S r. ; new fur.; rent *.50; 100 down; $400.'
".:< r. ; 1 block n. of Market; owner sick;
make offer.-
24 r. ; 1 block s. of Market; easy terms.
4ft r. ; central; fi-ycar lease; clsars $H00 ma.
-1 r. ; very richly furnished: a mint. «
1 * r. ; near L'nion Square; a flne house.
NOW IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY
<if you profit by it at once) to purchase the
finest lw - room apartment - house In San
Francisco; the price is nominal for such a
house; exceptionally well located; beautlfully
furnlshetl throughout: long lease at $5 per
room; the very b:st bargain.' ' which £*e shall
prove to you if you will investigate.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 4CU, Examiner bid.
SPECIAL— $600; 28 furnished rooms, all full,
in the finest location in. Point Richmond. Ap-
P'.y to J. MURRAY, box (Mi, Point Richmond.
$""«>— "-BOARDING and lodging;- 17 rooms fur-
nlshed; rent $15; good place. 310 Main st.
A SNAP — Light housekeeping; 14 rooms; In-
vestlgat€. 94*) Mission st.
LOm:i.\G-HOl'SES WANTED.
WANTED— Lodging- house of about 25 rooms,
well furnished. Box 424S. Call orflce.
CARPET nEATIXC . . AXP CLKANING.
WHEN you become dfe-zusted with your work
•end for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Work«" £55-357 Tehama st.: td. -south 40.
AT MITCHELL'S, 240 .Fourteenth st.. clean-
ing & laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission U.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Work?. 1S09 Har-
rison st.: Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKuIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golch-n Gate ave.: telephone East 126. ¦
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating: mat-
lreys?s ill a dt- over. 1432 Ho-rv-ard;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sinter St.;
tel. Mam 3!>4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props..
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-bearing works; prices
reasrnahle. 170:: Harrison St.: tel. Mission 263.
SAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Colltctlcn Co.. 415
Montromerv roorr* "•-K": tel. Main 55S0.
TO LI3T.
COR. Dolores and Cumberland, near 20th —
Call for demonstration Tel. Jessie 36W5.
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS. -"I!". Callaghan bldg.. Market and
McAllister sts., uses the Basford obtunder;
the only device ever invented for grinding,
drilling and excavatins teeth without pain.
Call for demonstration. Tel. Jessie 3G0t>.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
..-made; old plates made over like new; teeth
frcm $S per f-et; extracting 50c: gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $.'5 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
ELITE Dental Parlors. S3S Market. St.; best
and cheapest office for all dental operations.
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 .Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; filling.*. 2-"o
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst,r.l4.1st
floor. Pbelan bid.. 800 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. H. G. YOUNG— Bridges and teeth wlth-
out plates specialty. 1S41 Polk Ft.
GOLD fllllr.ps 75c: silver, 35c: crowns, $2; no
pair: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Rutter.
UIlKS*»MAIvEKS AND SEAMSTRESSES
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng: double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor; tel.. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure: eve. class. 1019 Mkt. ""
SIM RITUALISM.
Mrs. Dr. Martin, wonderful spiritual healer and
business medium; readings dally. $1; O.vclop-
lng class Thiirs.8 p.m. 1006B Golden Gate ave.
A MATERIALIZING seance Wednesday and
Friday eves. 32$ Ellis St.; 50 cents.
MME. LUCRETIA, spirit medium: circles
every evening; hours 10 to 6.. 14S 6th, r. 1.
EDWARD KARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
9:30 to 4; stances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
-¦late-writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott K37.
OLA IRVOY ANTS.
THE FUTURE ' REVEALED.
, THE PAST DISCLOSED.
THE PRESENT ANALYZED
" BY LIVINGSTONE, - .
42s Uddy st.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living page of Flammarion's treatises that
is so electrifying the- world to-day. HE IS
NO 1MITATOK. -His work is upon original
lines: PURE THOUGHT, CLEAR VISION.
He TELLS YOU WHAT YOU DESIRE TO
KNOW. AND . WORKS IN THE OPEN
LIGHT. AND IS -AS CONSPICUOUS FOR
ITS WONDERFUL OCfTULT ANALYSIS AS
IT-" IS FOR ITS ORIGINAL' EXPRESSION
AND. VIVID TRUTHFULNESS. ..
A test reading in not a life reading.. When
you call on PROF.-: LIVINGSTONE he will
Klve you a lull life reading for $1. A test Is of
little value when the mind Is troubled — you
need more substantial aid and advice. This is
Just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE gives you
"when you call on him for a first-class clair-
voyant^ reading. • -Ho asks you no questions,
but tells you what you; wish to. know.
He does not mention all the Ills. and mls-
• fortunes your arts heir to. You are acquainted
with ; the' !<iQle In- your ¦•case/: Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you," find the -cause of trouble'and
-suggest the remedy." V . •» '" -
Remember, the number. — 428 EDDY ST.
Hours. 10 a. m. to S.p. m.* : .'•. :
Ih.MAK, the .Egyptian . Gypsy.; clairvoyant . and
palmist,' permanently locate. 1 at ,llu4; Market
"st.," cor. Turk: -private -read.nrs daily, 10 a.
in. io 5 p. m.; i-eadlnss.by'niail as satlsfac- I
. tory. as in "person :;"J, questions r a > nBwercd.. $1 :
¦full life, $5; send lock of '.hair,: date of year I
of birth: don't .send currency; send pestotflce, >
Wells-Fargo.njoneyiorder. or, registered letter.'
A — Miss; M. Wllle, 400 Geary, clairvoyant, crys-
tal seer'and life reader, -aill, tell you exactly
..what -you -called 'for 'without asking ' a ques-" '
tion:. names given; special; $1 ; hours 10 to S. j
A— MME. BERNARD readsyour life correctly,
.'advice given on nil affairs -of life: satisfac-
tion guaranteed; 25c •up."-:-' 17 3d.- next' Exam.* '
MISS ZE&1DAR, young gifted clair. and palm.;
-has, second -¦ bight; a 1 wonderful, prophetess;
name.s;:l. 50c; g.'$l.,714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.
MMK.RAVENNA. formerly 5'4th st.T reads life:
business -advice: names given; readings 5Oc" I
.'; week. Offices 835. Howard, '-, bet. 4th and 5th.*-
MME. LOVONIA. clair\-oyant. palmist— Rsad-
v- lng» I hl-t week 2T>c.-i46S Jessie st. 3 , : nr." Sixth. ,
MME.. MARSEAU.Vcacd 3 reiider;. ladies, 25c;
. gtntt., 50c; .hours, ,10 to 9. >120 Slxthrst. - - '
MISS" V,"ARD' gives; names. I dates -and -facts;
,:_: readings dally; not' optnj Sunday.' 017 Market.
EMPLOYMEXT WASTED— MALE.,
TO drive and care for automobile; private
place; . country . preferred: . experienced, all
around: gentleman's place; not' afraid of
work: best references." Box 1102, Call office.
WANTED— Position by : young j-narried man
(from Lds Angeles) with wholesale or retail
house; groceries preferred: can furnish Bilt-
ed?e references .as to: character and ability
,as a salesman; anything accepted for a start.
Box 1GSU. Call office. :y
WANTED— A man with over 20 years' ex-
perience in logging, railroad construction
and timber estimating would like a position
as traveling agent to- look up timber land or
take charge of extensive logging operations;
.references. Address C. box 1187. Call office.
PLACE wanted by elderly man (carpenter by
trade) to do chores and work about the
place as handy man; understands care of
animals and is good careful driver. Address
box U'J, Frtiltvate P. O.. Fruitvale.
WANTED — By Eastern married man. In -the
country. In -general merchandise store; is a
fair bookkeeper; has had ten years' experi-
ence, in business: first-class references. Ad-
dress box 7. 1008 Market st. .
A POSITION to care for private country place;
no cows; understand care of horses: refer-
ence* given; salary no object. Box 1204. Call.
I SITUATION or employment -wanted by ex-
I pert draughtsman and patent, specification
I writer. Address R M.. 524 E. Eighteenth
St.. Oakland. Cal. _^____
SITUATION as butler In private family or
waiter m private boarding-house; country or
city (colored). 1015 Powell st. .." ;.;,.-":
YOUNG man. recently from the East, would
like a situation; has had good experience in
dry goods business. Box 1040, Call office.
COOK, first class," wants a position In summer
resort or country hotel; non-union man. Ad-
dress S.\b.:S.. box. 1161, Call office.
EXPERIENCED j gardener wants situation In
Oakland or San Francisco; best references.
P. O. box 6B. Fruitvale, Alameda Co.
TEAMSTER— Has slable; would like to work
for firm and care for team. Box 1087, Call.
A JAPANESE high school student wants a
position as schoolboy; $U week; plain cook or
waiter. SAKA. box 1105, Call office.' .
HONEST Japanese wants place; Is first-class
cook.. 910 Webster st., Oakland.
GOOD Japanese boy wants position as school-
boy: Speaks English well. CONDO. 1320 Pine.
KEATHKR KBAOVATI.tO.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 325 Van Ness ave.: tel. Howard 3167.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— -HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT
AH desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in cur free renting department: over 1000
In number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage . of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.; 243-239 Geary
*-.., on tn* square.
RARE opportunity . to rent modern downtown
5-room flat; $23, with. option of buying-' car-
pet*, foldinc bed, coal and gas stoves; offer
open Wednesday only. Call between 1 and 3
. (no agents). 1030 Sacramento st.
NOE. 158A, near- 15th — Large, new. sunny,
middle flat; refined, ! respectable family de-
sired; adults.
MODERN flat, 5 r. & b., yard, basement; fash-
ionable; water free; rent $27 50. &309 Clay.
MOSS, 14A, off Howard, near 7th— A middle
bay- window flat; 4 rooms; $16; no Children.
N ATOM A,' 6 — Four- room sunny flat, $9. with
water.
NOE. 15SA — Large, new, sunny, middle flat;
refined, respectable family desired; -adults.
CLARA. 160%. bet! Fourth and Fifth— Sunny
flat of 1 rooms and basement.
TWENTY-SECOND. 3554, nea» Dolores— 5
rooms and bath; double. parlors; rent $15.
MODERN flat, C rooms, bath: new; must be
seen. to be appreciated. 327 Bartlett St.; _
NEW C-room flat to rent. 79 Liberty st.
SEVENTEENTH, 41S2." near Castro-st. cars—
Modern, sunny, "upper flat; 7 rooms, bath,
basement. '
i
UPPER flat of 5 rooms and bath. 3446 Twen-
tieth St.; near Ca pp. • .--
WALLER. 1303. near Masonic ave. — Lower
flat to let. 5 rooms, modern: $27 60.
KI.ATS TO LET — FUR5ISHED.
CASTRO, B55 — Sunny furnished flat; 5 rooms;
piano. Call from 9 to 2.
WASHINGTON. 2S33 — Beautifully furnished
sunny flat, 7 "rooms; piano; garden.
FLATS FOR SALE— FURNISHED.
FOR sale or exchange — Flat. 7 rooms and bath,
S275;rcnt $20. l">0 Valencia st. ¦ ¦
FIIRMTIIKE . FOIt SALE,'
CHEAPEST 'place to buy furniture, stoves and
household goods of every description; - flats
bought; Mission *Auc.House,429.439 Valencia.
FL'UMTURE WANTED.
---;¦- ¦;"-¦¦-¦¦ AUE LEVY.
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
A. L. STOItRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc.; tel. Larkin 5631. 634 Ellis.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44«2.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
B. T. SCHELL. 2412 Mission; tel. Church 5370.
pays bent prices for furniture, carpets, etc.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H. j
BURP. suctloneer.lSlS Mkt. ;tel. Howard 275B.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
COOK, small restaurant ¦;.. -.....-.. ...$40
Cook and second girl. Palo Alto......$25-$35
Cook, 10 adults, no washing, Menlo. .... .$'.0
. Cook, small sanitarium .$30
Chnmbermald '...$20
Parlor maid. 'San 'Mateo ,. $30
Parlor mal<J. city $30
.'i-second glrls.Jclty $25
German nurse for Reno .'....$20
Chambermaid and waitress, country re-
sort ..."....' ..'..A .$25
Lunch waitress . ................. ...W)c
Second girl, Oakland $30
. Laundress, for . orphanage :...... $30
Housework. San Rafael . . , .* .$25
TiR g-eneral housework girls, city and country,
" S2O-$25-$"50. Apply to J. F. CROSETT <t CO..
334 Sutler St., . ' ... .-.. _ .¦
COOK, Institution,' $35; . second :, girl. . S30; 2
second girls, $25; nurse, $25; cook. $30; cook
and "second girl, San Mateo, $30, and 25
houcc rirls, San Rafael, . S"JO; 2 house girls,
S35 each. ; MRS.-* NORTON. .313. Butter st.
A— WANTED— Clrls." to learn halrdresslng,
manicuring, , etc.; trade taught from A to Z
ln'2. weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to flll Immediately: positions guaran-
teedlat $tO-per week up: leading school in
West. -^233 Geary st..".roora 13. • ".
A— Girls to learn 'millinery now for spring sea-
son;, both- seasons taught from start to finish
In- l!* month- for. $15; positions as trimmers.
: salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wit up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st,i r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade. ¦manicuring.': massage, etc. -1236 Mar-
;ket »t.. cor. Jones. • room. 94 : posi tions secured"
at j highest .wages; day and ; eve, class: ¦ call.
i WANTED— Experienced saleslady In embrold-
!.'• fries and teces' at JOE ROSENBERG'S "Slti
MarVet st. '-, ¦' ¦ ; y 4 -.
WANTED-^Competsnt - girl for cooking and
¦ ilownstalrs work; : small -family^ 2727 C'lav
? St.. near -Pierce. -¦ .. ;
STRONG . German or Scandinavian • woman ¦ for
-cooking. Apply 510 Turk; wages' $35 to $10:
¦ I no , room. ; ¦
COMPETENT, clrl to asslst*.wlth children and
. general housework; good wages; references.
. 207 Larkln _st." ("Strathmore.'.'fcflat 3).' "
FIRST-CLASS * and -girls -torlearn
. *: hair -business. G.* LEDERER. 123 'Stockton.
YOUNG girl' for -light ' housework; apply
Thursday. r 111C : Fell st. ; . ' ;
: ELDERLY woman or girl- at 1516 Central'ave.
:] for. light housework. ; ) -y- -
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted in * restau-
: f rant." ¦ " 1 13 .Turk st, --'¦.• *. i
APPRENTICE -on pants. " Apply Rt^l5«\ New
Montgomery 'St..' room 16..GQRDEX-BRIET.
WOMAN to do housework In small family; live
; -home. "3149 Seventeenth st.,-; cor. iShotwell. . .
YOUNG. lady to ' keep a ¦ set of ; books for a~rT-
., ,.. tall i butcher. ' Box 1197. ; Call office. - •
THB^CALL
JOHN O. SFB.ECKEI.S. Proprietor.
TcaitsTccECELisatiats to iosTKuSiDC-HT. Easier
\Y. J. MARTIN" Business Manager
TELEPIION E.
AfW for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con*
cect Tou With the Department You W lsB-
Fublicaticn Office ilnrket and Third. 8. F.
Editorial I'.ocm 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. rer 3f« ek . 73
Cts. rer Month. Single Copies 8 Oj 1 •••:.. th
Terms by Mail. Including Postage lCa«h >V un
Order): «a no
DAILT CALL Onclud. KunrtaT). 1 year. . •?^"^
DAILY i-ALL Unclud. Sunday). 6 "mos •.""
DAILT CALL— By Single Month ,'^r
£UXX>AT <"ALL 1 Tear ;••£.
WErTKI.V CALL. 1 Year • •• • • v. _%,
Pundav. 4 15 Per Year Extra
Weekly. 100 Per Year Extra
ALL rOFTMASTETIS AV.T. AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
e«tr.r;r Ccries will be fcrtvanlea when re-
quested. , .
M«!l eubsenbers in ordering change of »«•
Crtt* *hould be particular to give both >is^>
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
¦pron-.pt «nd correct cctr.-p'.lance with weir r»-
fiUCSL.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1116 nroadway Telephone Main 1083 ;
BERKELEY OFFICE: ».--,!
««» Center Street Telephone *N ortn 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPO^*DENT:
tAMiLl. W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Walccrf-Astoria Hctel; A. Brentano. 31
"Cfc'or Square; Murray Hill Hotel: Fifth-ave-
nue Hotel «nd Korrmsu House.
CHICAGO NEWS? STANDS:
Fhermon House; P. O. News Co.; Groat
Northern Hotel; Trerr.ont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEOF.iiS KROGNESS.-ilarquette Butiflin*
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 261».">
NEW TOKK REPRESENTATIVE.
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEVT YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BCfeiaUg OFFICE of the Pan Franclseo
Call, corner Market and Third streets: open
Until 12 o'clock even* night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
ICO* Market «-.reet. opposite Fifth; open until
11 r m
t27 Mcr-iircmery street, corner C".ay; ©pea
until *>-">0 p rn.
f(X» Hav^s street: open until 9:30 p. m.
«f59 McAllister street: oren unt'l 9:30 p. rn.
«"35 Larkm »treet; cpen ur.til t»:30 p. m.
J04I M-.F«!cn ftr»-et; open until 10 p. m.
t2O Market s-reet. corner Sixteenth; open
urtll 9 p ra.
10t» Elrrerth street; open until 8 p- tn.
I'"?? street; open until * p. n.
tCVtheast corner Church and Duncan streets;
ore-; until 9 p. rn.
*N P or:l-.-»-*3t corner cf Twenty -s<^pnd and Ken-
tucky Hum open until 9 p. tn.
rTf- ytlirocre street; rp»n . cnttl 8 P. ' nv
MEKTING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lode*- of Perfection No. «
1". A. and A. iv R.. <C? .Sutterst — W
• allrd meeting THIS "\VEDNES-/V\
1>AY< i:\tNlNG at (.•'clock. Fourth
!>pr»*-. All brethren of the rite cordiaily
• ISVltod. By order of the Venrrab!e Master.
CHAS. JELLINEK. "r-ccrctarv ¦
CALI1XJRNIA Council No. 2, R. and P. m
a., -rUI m^t THIS (WEUNnSDAViyy
EVEXING, April 0. at B o'clock, f nr /V\
tufi::-*s and d^err. s. Pv ci*der of tl:e
T. I 21. FRANKLIN H. HAY. Uecordei.
MO'.'NI Morlah I^dFe No. 44. F. and t*
A. M.— Stated inr"-ting THIS -\\"EL!-"»1W
NKtl>AVI E\"1:NING at S o'clock.
Also 'ih'rtS Pi-rr» > ' 1 .
THISO. FF.OLICH. -Beorrtiry.
CXtOCKSTT Lodgf No. i::». P. j»nrl A. fi
M. — Staled merting THl^ < W EDN ES- W
I>AV> KiTNINU at 7:3» o'clock. B>/V\
ordrr of lh<- **•'. M.
R. II ICcE-XtC&SOX Secretary.
i':X'tI: iFr Lo^-r* Sn.'lM. V. and A. n>
M.--S-at«si Tr."*tius THIS AVELi.\'i;S--»^V
i.avi i-;vi:ni>:g m I JO o'clock. /V\
li. J. OWEN. Becrctan-.
NATIONAL I'nion. Ca!ifor- l> -OJEL" "^^.
nia Ouncil. met-u TO-
•NlG!-iT»it PUm««.T Hall, x; ' '
jf""our:ii s*L. at is o'clock.
""'i.-itmK friends cordtellv invited: initiation.
By i-nler C. BENDKL. President.
C. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
ELRVIAN Uontcceerla L. an<1 B. .-j-n-u.
bocSrty — OlUcen and nteiabers,
you are htrcby nojiRpJ to attend |?5^S3sB
the re*rul!jr qi?srtrrly nr^tirs F&V"3l3SI
• HIS iWCDXKDAVI EVEN- itVtlT^a
:n<. April < HI 7:::" ocla k f^"^r=fCvI]
•¦-.-;¦ .; l»09 Market Ft. Very •> tM'JSili
:¦¦ ; ¦;,:i< huMnes: !¦ be trans- XgT.j^y
¦ jii-tert. Cvery membn-'F presence *mi£0r
i^ re«iueeted. By o'd«-r of
. J. IC KUKAVIZA. Presid»nl.
M. «. STANIf-ICH, h!«retar>-.
A.t3ETRXAN B<>nei-ol»»-nt Society —^Uecu -«.-*?*-«
lar mating ttTSDXECDAY EVEN- "&¦&£§
ING. April «. V.m. at Its hall. 413 K9g
Futter st.. at I«i o'clock Each •'«i»S»
end *vrry m«ti(>»r t* <i:rerte<J t<> ti present
to vote unon the diCaotBtSoa of the torletj-
•nd othrr* very imr>crt-int buniuct-s. Fines
for non-att»r<3ur.ce will be strictly im;.oEed.
Iiy or<!*r .t
J. W. FTANEART. Prcsulent.
DEWITT w. TOLL, SecrcUry.
ANNUAL MEETING— Nctlcc is hrreby civ<*n
¦ that tho }>evcnteenth annual meeting f>f tikt
»<to<!.:!:i>IJerT or th" Italian-SwiFS Mutual
!.-«•. Association v.\\\ lw hold at the office
«u th* <-<ir--)orati"jn. MR M<mtsoniery rt.. Kan
Francisco, on WKDNESDAT, April IS. 1901,
at a:3«' p. m.. for the puri»ose of electitiif
direttors for the ensuinjt year, presentation
t of t'w- seventeenth anr>ual report and the
• ¦ : .-.:-.;: of eurh other business a« may
(<n» l-rfore thf me<-tins. Hooks are BOW
••pen fi-r the yubscrirtion of 10<^'' fliar*"* of
.^•<v-k of the c!ehtoenth series. By order of
th" K-^ird of Dirrotrrs.
A. EBABBOXtO. Pecirtarj'-
J:O* I«~T" cT stockholders* meetl-nif of the United
Cn;^e O.I <'on-ipany fa corptiration) — A stock-
hc,\«<-Tf' meetlnB; will he h<>ld st the com-
lirv'k oJfi>.^. room 41S p»rrott bulldinc San
J"'»nci«-<~r». Ca!.. on WEDNESDAY. April 13.
JWU st !" s'clw-k noon, for the purpose of
(>'i ; r.t a board of directors to s«rve for the
«*vuirijr ;ear and fcr the transaction of such
• <r'-,r«r bu--ine--K as- msy be properly Drought
.-• ttfere tbe above mf«>tir.R.
L WOQDBURT Secretary.
AGENTS U'AKTUO.
I^X)K— Ae'nts S?P to SSft r>er mo.; expenses or
ootr.n-!. : tio catch ; surf thin-?. Box 1073. Call.
'-"avTrsTTisEacEarT waniyo.
HAVING recently arqulred throuKh exchange
rl property three 540 scholarUiipB In '±*. bt»t
Ccllegc of Adv^rtlsine in the United State*.
1 will *«!l them at ".'5 j»er «ent discount for
cath: if collete teaches advertu'n-e -«Tlt-
lr.g fcy corretponden<-e and assists its erad-
-L«te* to eecure pcsl'lonr: cataloru^a Tur-
*-i<»1-*d -~n WT'fil'-.^tlt-n. Ad(*.re» !iox .".026. Call.
ATTOR XEVS-AT-tAAV.
I A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a eraallTee!
fxe ire ar.d *ave money; no pay In advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTOnNEY-AT-LAW
Eftablirhed 22 yt*.; nr«. 1. 2. S. 4 ft 8. 1st fl.
S 1— i Market tt.. between Mason ana Taylcr
Ad vie* free all matter*. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attorney -at-Law. Exam, bid*.,
«ith flocr. entrance room 611; established 29
J ears; all cases, reneral court and office prac-
tice; no fee in advance or for consultation:
evenings by eppotutmenu Tel. Red. 3061.
DIVORCE $12: cuiek; quiet; advice free Lew
¦nd Collection office. 1023 Market St.. room
-2. bet. Cth and "th; office hours 11 to 4:30.
DIVORCE law a specialty; no publicity- advice
Tree; costs JI2. Address B.A.J-J.. P.O.box 2199.
DIVORCE"— Costs, i 112; <rulck. quiet: advice
tree; open evening*-.. »27 Market ft., m. 301.
V. 5. CLARK. 927 Markrt •*.; eonsultatloa
lr*~: no (wt In advanre; open ewnlnKH. ¦
At'TOBIUUILISS. ¦
WILL pay a reasonable price for a second-
hand automobile: must be In first -class run-
ninc ordT. Addre-.,i; box 4040. Call office.
_ C8ISIT CLOTHttML _ J~~~
C F. ADAMS CO. '""
SPECIAL CTIEDIT .STORE. .
We clothe the iv hole , family from hati to
shoes; ?¦verylhlng up to date at cash prices
*>*d:t for all. 31S Mason «t.
c^Q-r-grg-Q "s."CM-QVATi*ar&.
bUll'K cleaned and pressed, $1; nouilns And
djfing. Bon March**, 40 Elllg Bt.. room U;
t'hore nnimni ?«. Call for and deliver free.
CURES BUPTUUB.
VHO?— Hunter. 12C« Market et.; *100; rupture
cure fcr $10; circular explains; tend tor one.
1BCSIKESS CHAJfCEB. 2^
A $2000 DRUSTORE close to Call building;
estab. IS years; well paying; value in stock;
a very rare chance for good druggist. See
R. G. WILKE. 204 Kearny st.
A — $3000 — CORNER saloon: close to Call bldg;
3 years* leace: net renf *12O; this Is one of
tbe beet saloon locations in this city, and
• live man can clear (500 per month. Call
It. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
,V_f><00— ROADHOUEE. with dance hall, club
and living rooms: rent $40; electric light in-
cluded; 6 years' lease. Call R. G. WILKE.
£6"» Kearny st. •
A — $1000; SALOON and liquor store on Sixth
st. ; rent $50; business O K, but owner is en-
gaged In other business; must sell at once.'
R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny «t. .
1 A — $1500; COFFEE, tea and crockery store; one
of tbe leading businesses of this' kind axid in
choicest location In this city; rent $65; all
cash*trade; Etock will invoice $4000; a very
rare chanc*. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2SH
Kearny st. v ¦-. : ¦ .
A— >13*.H>— COIiNKR clear stand oa Kearny;
rent $85; lease; a good business; come and
invt-sUB^tc. R, G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny et.
Al BLOCK of land. 300x300. In San Leandro
Tilth house of 4 rooms; income $400 per
year trom fruit; will exchange for dairy
ranch. Call R. G. WILKE. 20# Kearny St.*
A— $2010 — SALOON in wholesale district; rtnt
$00; clace established many years and good :
paying. Call R. G. WILKE. 'JH^j Kearny st.
A — Jt'»««j — CORNER grocery and bar on Larkln
ft., doing a flee cash buslhess; value In
eight; fre&h ctock; no better location la this
city. Bee R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
A— $2000 — COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
¦waterfront, close tc Market St.; place estab-
ll«hed yam and well paylne: dally receipts
about (CO. Call R. G. WILKE. 2«H Kearny.
A^$1100— EaLOON. with 3 rooms; close to
Kearny and Bush tts; rent $75; lease; place
eaeily clears $200 per month; nice fixtures.
choicest 4-iork of hquors. All particulars of
K. O. WILKK. 2CT4 Kearny st.
A— $110O-»DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; rent $40; dally receipts ! $45; plat*
<I«-artng about $175 -per month. R. G.
WILKK. 2CH Kearny st.
A — $1750 — CORNER grocery and bar oa
O'Farrell St.; place kept by present owners
8 years and doing a good paying cash bust-
net*; fresh ctock; value in sight. R- G.
WILKE. 2t:Vs Kearny su
A— JC50-CORNER bakery. with 4 living
rocms; about 2 blccks north of Market at.;
wlli tor sacrificed if sold at once; owners to
leave city. Call K. G. WILKE. 26 1 4 Kearny.
A— $6000 — CORNER saloon with 5 years' lease;
* close to Flood building; this Is the choicest
location IB this city and a flrst-class paying
busir;esr. gc* R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny >t.
A — $750^ — CANDY store end ice cream parlors,
with stationery, etc. on Devisadero st. ; 3
living rooms: n splendid location and good
business. S*?e R. G. WILKE. •_'tJ 1 a -Kearny.
A- $3000; COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
St.; rent $4l); lease; 3 horses, 6 wagons; bust-
ress estab. years; investigate at once: a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $l«r>O: COR. raloon with 4 rooms and bath*;
rec.t JM): lease; a first -class paying place in
choicest location': $150 per month cleat guar-
anteed. R. G. WILKE. 26'.4 Kearny st.
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery In
choicest location; rent $S0; daily receipts
• bout $70; a good business, but sickness of
ownrr compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 2CV4 Kearny st.
A— $850; CORNER cigar stand, close to Mar-
ket and Stockton sts. ; rent $75: a splendid
location and rare business chance. 6ee R.
G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
T. J. DUNN & CO..
Business Sales Agents.
We have Just or>»ned our new office at room
203. i-e- :ond f.ocr Callaghan building. 1312 Mar-
ktt St.. where we would be pleased to list your
place fcr «ale. Having just started in th? busi-
ness we have no list and "can therefore give
your place undivided attention.
CIGAR stand; south Market; $550; inventory
1330; good buy; rent ?25. See T. J. DUNN
ft CO.
DAIRY route; near by ccuntrv town; clears
?Ui<» month; only $900. See T. J. DUNN
& CO.
GOOD saloon: country town: sales $20 day;
Fp!er.<iid location: owner sick; $2500. See
T. J. OVNN & CO.
: $70ft — CANDY and Ice cream parlor; money
malier; rent ?l s ; everything complete: flne
Iccallty: uranl . opportunity. Particulars
. looTV Market st.. room 1.
CIGAR stand: Kearny St.; doing a flne busi-
ness; eft-cap if sold at once; account old age.
Inquire- 1007*£ Market St.. room I.
J3CO BUYS half Interest in established office
ami commission business clearing to each
$12o monthly; experience not required: must
jrive rf-ferf-nces : bona fide offer. Particulars
at 10071, Market ft., room 1.
A— OYSTER Jind chophouse: 14 tables: private
rooms, tonne ctt-d on second floor: elegant bar-
caiti: ]>aying baafaen; must be iold: (rood
locality: established 20 years. H. DOYLE.
KCJ Market above Sixth.
f40Q— BLACKSMITH shop: full stock of tools
in cod country town: fine business; sick*
• ness cauw cf sale. H. DOYLE. 1023 Market.
NCTICF. to buyers or sellers:
For th~ sale, exchange or purchase of any
kind of J<URl:ie!=s Quick fnr cash it will pay
>ou to call at our ad'lrers.
SUND1N &- CO..
31S Kearny st.
PATENT article; principal feature great ad-
vertising medium: will exchange 50. WO with
ri?ht to California for unimproved land; this
is a ?nap; owner golns to Europe. P. O. box
l<u!. Oakland.
GRASP this opportunity ; livery and boarding
staMe dolr.-r a flourlehin-r business; clearing
?4<>-> DWBthly; will hear invrstigatlon: flrst-
«-la.<-s location. HIXKLEY. 1020 Market ht.
$10.<>(iO INTEREST in flour mill; Investment
t-afe and secure; located in best wheat sec-
tion: responsible position open with invest-
ment. Address box 1193. Call office.
I WILL invert $500 to $CCOO In any paying,
legitimate business that will bear close ln-
-icptigation; no agents. Box 1203. Call office.
GOOD hotel in northern part of California to
lease for a term of years; everything in good
tunning order. Address for particulars, box
41 lit. Call office.
DAIRY In corthern part of State for sal*;
everything complete and has a good trade;
will allow 15 days' trial for full investiga-
tion. Particulars box 4144. Call office.
I WILL sell my half interest In a well es-
tablished dyeing and clean!n£ works, as
other business calla me away. Address for
particulars, box 4069. Call office.
WANTED— A partner with about $2000 In a
manulacturir.g conctrn; an article that has
» rood demand on -.lie market. Address box
43S1. Call office. .
HAY and grain business for sale: well estab-
lished: pood trade; will sell reasonable; a
good opening for a live man: don't expect
anything for good will. Box 4219. Call.
AN old established delicacy store on a busi-
ness etreet and near Market: a splendid trade
and tlfitrlps $175 per month over expenses.
Pox 42C3. Cell office.
FOR PALE— Ocneral merchandise store In
California mining town; a rood locality; a'
good stock and the best trade-of the town.
Address box 4059. Call office.
DELICACY and restaurant for sale cheap, on
sceo.int of departure; -a good opportunity.
Appiy after 0 o'clock 411 Turk st.
SALOON and cigar etand. laundry office; two
year**' lease: good location; reference. Call
41S Sacramento st. ¦ • ~;
A GOOD shoe repairing shop, with living
rooms, for sale, cheap. Apply C51- Sacra-
mento Ft.
LOOK— Rent only $6: fruit and .vegetable
store; furnished' living rooms; $150 to-day;
other business. 90 Harriet st.
¦ i , ¦
MANUFACTURING business would like to
enlarge, therefore will take a good working
partner with eome cash. Box 4231. Call. .
CIGAR stand on Montgomery et. for sale; close
to Market Ft.: a good business «ttnd: must
¦ell. Box 4067. Call office.
WANTED— A delicacy store with en estab-
l'i>hed trade: will pay cask. Address box
4057. Oil office. . , *-
A GOOD paying livery stable; Investigation In-
vited. Inquire Landgraft's Villa. Mill Val-
ley, Marin County, Cal. ¦ >
$400— A GOOD paying stationery and notion
rrslness: must be sold at once. Call Branch.
639 McAllister St. . ¦
FOR sale — Corner saloon; reasonable. Apply
Metropolitan Liquor Co.. 714 Folsom »t. ¦.
$b00— SALOON, with t living rooms and bath.
Inquire 409 Brannan n.. near Third.
BHOE.j-tore for salc.-44.61xth st. - \
$575 — SALOON. 4th pf. location: nice fixtures
and . stock. BHOOKBAKK. 917 Market .st.
$2ri<>- BRANCH bakery and restaurant; rent
f"5; trater tree. 414 Jones tt.
CIGAR store and billiard hall for sale cheap.
153 Seventh «t.
WANTED — A grocery, anil bar: state location
etc Box 4022, Call office.
, CLAIRVUYAXT5— Contlnned.- ¦<
ASSURED success for you.
Coll at once and save $4.
His famous $5 reading this week for
« $1 '$1 ¦ $1 $1 ' $1- $1 $1
. No charge No charge
Unless you obtain the information for ,
which you consult him. I
. PAUL .DESTINE.
The first resistercd trance clairvoyant and
ralmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You fo be full judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge it I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you if
husband, -wife or lover Is true or false: who
and when you will marrv; how to gain the love
of the one.you desire; "in fact," I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself: his advice is reliable, his pow-
ers are ' wonderful and Indisputable: he Im-
proves vcur c'laracter so th«t you will reach
the 'hichPfct possible development In mental
visor, health, happiness and capacity to. earn
wealth; .the controlling power Implanted In
yciir nature, sj you can change the intentions,'
actions or -habits of any one secretly; cures
dfs-eafe ar.d lost vitality; gives advice on min-
ing and buried trt-asures: gives you success In
life: he guarantees you success or ' charges
nothinr for his services. •
10 a. jn. to S p m. : Sundays. 2 to fl.
326 — O'Farrell street— 326. .
Mrs.A.H. KroncnberK.palmlst. clairvoyant, card
when others fail try me; good readings
. 10C. 721 FrankHn.nr.O.G.ave. Tel.Larkin 4207.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23'^ 6th ;,1. 25c, g. 50c.
\ • ¦ — '
I OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
I 26V4 Kearny. room 20: ladles. 25c: genta, 50c.
MISS WARD, gives names; dates and facts;
readings dally; not open Sunday. 817 Market.
MRS. BAUMANN the well-known fortun»-
tfrllqr. Is now at 317 Ellis st. ' ¦
MHS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. 44SU Jessl» St.. bet, fith and 6th.
! EUUCATIOXAL.
AT fcome In our nuw quarters, the largest.' best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study in the entire West. New. complete.
ext«t»slv*3 depaitments. .Thorough, inspiring
Instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 801-
' 325 Golden Gate ave. '
A thorough experienced teacher will take pri-
vite pupils. Particular attention given to
f ladies and gentlemen whose education .has
" been neglected; and to nervous and backward
pupils. Public school pupils received. ; MISS
'FENTON. 035 Sutter at. • . .
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor: day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket Ft.: established 18 years: the school that
secures positions tor graduates; just added 25
new typewriters: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F.— Bookkeepins. shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions: illustrated catalogue tree.
LEARN SPANISH In 2 months; classes tn
French and Spanish $5 a month.
• B F. AMES . Teacher of ' Languages, :
2GS Golden Gate "ave., cor.' Hyde st.
A LARGER and better school than ever: enter
at oncv If you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Buslnejij
College. 1236 Market St. '
Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, ev. : est. 1864. Van
<3er Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster" s.
School cf Dancing. 155C Market, nr. Larkln.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1382 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth..
spelling, writlnc. etc.: day eve. ; $4 mo. eve,
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&EIectrldty. 24 Post
st., S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
SPANISH — .* practical and progressive meth-
od. RAFAEL SERRANO. 530 California. "-.4.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.:
mandolin club *1 per mo. S2S Halght st.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
PIANO lessons, 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 101.1 Mission, nr. .¦'lxfh.
EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
GEORG IE T AO K?T^lT^r"s7rpteir"Busiri35^
Japanese-Chinese employment office;' fur-
nishes best help: contracts for farm help, eta.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 42li Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
SCANDINAVIAN Female Employment Bureau,
504 Kearny St., room 3: phone Black 4458.
FRITZ'S Kmn. Office: Japanese and Chinese
heln. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 31.1 Stockton: Main 518S.
CHINESE end Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 13i>7. BKADLKY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMEXT WASTED — FEMALE.
WOMAN wants work by the day: good laun-
dress; . SI 50 a day: no postals answered.
*54'J Minna St., between Sixth and Seventh.
SITUATION- wanted to do general housework:
wares ?l»rt. Box 21(55. Call branch. 2200
Fillmore st.
RELIABLE woman wants work«by the day:
washing and housccleanlng; no postals. 1541
Bryant . ave, corner Fifteenth st.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day
or week; housecltanir.s. etc. 414, Clementina
| • st., in rear. ¦ . . . -'"'
COMPETENT German woman wants washing
and ironing by the dny; Mondays or Tues-
days. 120."! Vallejo st. ; no postals. '
CALL at 50S Mason St., or phone Black 1533.
First-class ladies' employment office.
GOOD girl wishes housework. Address H. G.,
615 Larkln st.
A GERMAN cirl, pood cook, wishes place for
cooking or housework. : Call 327Va Hayes st.
WORKING housekeeper wishes' position; city
or country. Box 1196, < Call, office. -. \
MIDDLK-AGED lady wents-ll-rht housework;
moderate wages. Apply 252 O'Farrell st.
HOTEL housekeeper desires .position in flrst-
, class hotel or summer resort: 3 years In last
place: best references. Call or address P.
V.. C. HOOHyde st.
STENOGRAPHER (Just through college) wants
position: moderate . salary to begin, it pros-
pects of advancement. Address P.,-: t>15
Larkin st. • .
DRESSMAKER. xvnnts work; $1 a shirt-waist
up; dress skirts,' $1 50 up; children's dresses,
$1 iid.' 1022 Folsom\i-t. '
A YdUNG Swedl3h girl wishes. chamber work
or work as second girl. Address- '*& • Ellza-
- beth place, near Folsom st. .• ;
A VERY, gpod cook wishes a situation to go a
¦ short distance. in. country; an Eastern family
preferred; good references. 748 Howard st.
A WOMAN would like washing and Ironing or
denning to do -by: the day. Inquire it 053
Mission st. ¦:-. . . •• •
LADY wants r-osltlon as shirtwaist 'designer or
forelady In shirtwaist " or- Bklrt : department;
best references furnluhed. Box 11G6, Call.
GERMAN woman vants work' by the day;
.: washing.ironlnK.housework. 2(354 Harrison st.
GIRL wlshf 3- housework; wages "Fl'5. Call 467
Minna s.t.. near Fifth. ; . ,. ; , \;> -.-.'.
LADY takes washing ', home; • open alr^dry.
: Phone Fell 1041. . ¦. - ': .
ADVERTISEMENTS.' subscriptions received at
' Call branch office,' cor. Duncan. & Church sts.
WANT, ads 'and subscriptions ' taken = for -The
Cail at Katon's Bazaar. ft<ri McAllister st.
EMPLOYMEST WAXTEO~MALE.
A YOUNG "Geriran .wants' situation . about
place: tako'care of, horses- and. garden;' can
.milk: sober and reliable. Box 1208.- Call. ¦
SITUATION or employment ' wanted .'.by '. ex-
pert drauchtsman .' and patent; siieflficatlon
writer.; "Addresa^R.'-M.," 5-4" East fiighteenth
...st.,, Oakland. '' V ']" .' ' ..:.
YOUNG English-speakinsr ' Dane, who ¦ -unde'r-
'" stands." bookkeepinff.' ;-'¦ wants"-: work of .any
kind:" bookkeeping 'preferred. -Apply, at'tior-
i iensen's Jewelry, store, ;10-'l» Sixth Etr'.
I YOUNG man. (24V years 'old) wishes, a .position
"'". as" delivery teamster or workof nny : klnd;
- oan come well ¦ recommended. ¦ W. F/'ENG-
LISH.*; KB^ Birch, ave: *¦-¦-'.- ¦
WANTED— By . young • man. .'a' position . around
t machinery; thave -been? employed "for: 4,^ years
by a large "construction company; references
If , wanted. ;' ; Box '1083.V Call' of flte.< \- ¦>
DKNTIST wlt'.i-outflt wishes? permanent- posi-
, :tion' in -'office -*or: form partnership.' "Box
.¦;.:! CS4. J Call office. ; - -';.- , - . ;
.YOUNG i man ? (2t> as j plumber's -helper."^, or 'to
.:;¦¦ l?arn:a gootl.tradt; *-teady.,anil* reliable :> not
, ,--," afraid of work. 'Address-box 1207. Call.-
'£"¦?¦:¦* A LONG rCLT WANT 15 SHOPTLy SUPPLIEDTHE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL;-; WEDNESDAY. \ -APRIL- fi, 1904.
13
itEAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
Incomparable ','Oceanslde Dlst." Lots!
$500 to $1200! Easy Terms!
Your Choice In New Blocks. On Official Grade.
On H st Fronting the Park.
: Unobstructed View of Park and OceSn.
Has Positively the Besf Future In This City
For Home Bites or Speculation.
Over 300 Lots Sold In a Few Months.
Many Physicians Among Our Purchasers.
Who Recommend District for "Climatic
¦ • Reasons."
Best of Evidence From Hir ' J s -of Owners ,
Residing TV. k
All Bargains! See Them To-day!
Get Off Cars Corner II st. and 47th ave.
' Oceanside Branch Offices. Corner H st. and
Forty-seventh ave. and Corner K st.
and Forty-ninth ave. Open
Sundays and Holidays.
$75 to $250— Near Park. Ocean and Spreckels
Lake.
Puperb View! $5 Monthly.
$150 to $450— Level Excelsior Homestead Lota.
$5 Monthly.
! $1200 to $3500— Modern Cottages In Sunset,
I Oceanside. Richmond and Excelsior Home-
stead. Easy Terms! ¦ . '
• Sunset Branch Offlcs on Sth ave., near H st.
SOL GETZ & SON. Owners and Dealers,
Room 54 (4th floor). Chronicle building.
REAL ESTATE.*--.
S A tl S A L I T O.
SATURDAY, APRIL f>. 1904.
On the Ground, at 2:15 p. m.
22 CHOICE 22
22 RESIDENCE 22
22 LOTS ' 22
Facing Bulkley and Excelsior aves., Readn
and El Monte lane, formerly known as Hotel
Geneva, formerly El 'Monte Hotel. ,
For further particulars and catalogues ap-
ply to
HENRY STERN
DAVID STERN ft SONS,
Real Estate Brokers an* Auctioneer.
11 Montgomery st.
W. J. GL'XK, •
530 CALIFORNIA STREET.
(Savings Union Building).
$2100— Wehstpr-st. cor, cheap; lot 25x100."
JOWO— Baker, XV. cor.. 137:0x1157:0; cheap-
est fiG-vara lot in W. A.
$l,-,00— Cheap lot; W. A. ; 2.*oc 1 .".7 : « : street bi-
luminized: lot on the grade: a flne buy;
easy payments: only! $400 first payment;
a. few steps from the: cars; a i>ositlve
barcain; marine view.
f ISCO— '-1st ave., n»ar .Point Lobo« ave; 3
lots. 25x120; will sell I.
?1800 — Lake-st. cor.; marine view; 32:(>xlOO.
fKSOO — Sixth ave., .north of Lake; 2.-ixl2O;
choice lot; up towards Presidio wall.
$3000 — Trnth ave., N\V. cor.; 57:6x100: 2 lots,
11th av'.. near Clement St., ' 25x120.
J275O— A choice business •• lot on Clement st;
- ¦ 78x115; good frontage and depth on
sunny side of street; , a fine property to
„ - . Improve, witiuatores- and.. flats. • ¦< ¦ ..*.-•>--
$46*Xi — The choicest residence -corner lot in
Richmond; Just go-out and ' examine It;
to.becln with, it Is a northeast corner
and has a crand marine view; the flneMt
residences In Richmond are In front of this
lf>t; mzc 50x120; opitOBlte the beautiful
heme of Mr. G. T. Marsh: electric cars
pass every few minutes; this corner is
acknowledged to be tbs choicest north of
tbe park; make offer. ! *
$j»5<i — a cliean lot on Sth ave., . near B St.;
25x120: cars pass. ¦. .
J250 — 27th ave.; very cheap lot: 25x120; lots
beyond this are selling on the installment
nlan for $1500 aud $700, and not us well
located. • .
Want«.d — To purchasa. 2 flats, about $10,000 or
less and not leased.
W. J. GUNN, ;
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
W. B. McGERKY A; CO., ~~
230 Bush st., Mills bids:. Phone Bush 832.
$20,000 — 3 crand flats, elegant finish; 7 rooms
and bath each; situated in the most de-
sirable location in city; close in; rents
$18O<> per year. '
$10.00^ — Waller, near Fillmore; 3 new flats, 5-
5-9 rooms nnd. bath; built first-claim;
rents ?1110 per year.
$9,000— Geary St.. near Buchanan; fine resi-
dence of 0 rooms and bath; lot _7:>ix
137:0; a bargain.
$6 150 — Laguna St.; corner: 0 and" 7 rooms
and bath: lot 23:0x87:0; grocery store
can be put In basement at 'sidewalk
¦ level: very, very cheap property.-
53,000— Church~!>t. cottage, near 23d; , rents
«'«' ?30: lot' S5xll7:6: a snap.
$2.700— Perry st.. near 4th; 2 flats, 4-5 rooms;
cheap; rents $2SS.
W. '-' B. McGERRY A CO..
230 Bush St.. Mills bldg. Phon? - Uush !*32.
Large residence In Mission; 00x120.
THOMAS MAOEB it SONS,
' .;* 5 Montgomery st.
AN "Ocean View," In the suburb of 'Frisco,
With warranted title, all perfect and true;
In eight of- old ocean, with steamer and ship
Hailing over its water.- so blue.
$1800-- Lovely cottage of 0 rooms, bath, pan-
try, etc. •
$250 each — 1 beautiful level lotB; street graded,
etc.; Fteam and electric cars at door, fnre 5c.
. THISTLETON. 272 Sadawa St., Ocean View.
JOSEPH 1 STRAUB, >° 030 UarkeCTt.
$3000— 2-story house, store. 4 rooms; lat
above, 5 rooms and bnth: stable.
$22.*>0 — 2 fluts of 4 rooms each. .•¦:-, ;
$5500 — 2-story house, h rooms, bath. b*-e-
m«'nt: near Halght- and Brwierlck.
(5500 — Very • nice home of !> corns, bn'i ;
vicinity Frederick Ft.: and Treniont ave.
$r.0OO^-NE. cor. 28(1 and Bryan; ave. : 1 cot-
tares: stable: plenty room, for llat»: 50x00.
fj.25 "PER WEKK,.:no interest. Lots In the
.Excelsior Homestead' Tract: . all level;' na
grading to .In; ready to buIUl'your little liur.'j
on; close to electric cnr» ami school.
W. J. WHITE.
1 20 Montccmery »!., room 5.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES, B12 Callaghan bid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot:
$S a month pays principal nnd Interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your in-
Btallmenta less than rent; send for circular.
$2S00— ON easy terms: cottage of R r. and b.,
on West Park «"t.,- just off of Mission.
Make an offer for cottnge of: 5 rooms.
: ' large yard, on West Park St.- •-.
; I). COFFIN &_CO.. :U!03 Mission rt.
$1100— COTTAGE of 4 rooms; stree^work all
done; near Cortland-ave. school. Apply
• 3310 -Mission st. ¦ .
MODERN 4 and' 0 room', cottages; terms some
|i- as- paying rent. Apply owner. Lumber
yard, S.E. cor; . Alabama and Montcalm sts.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 0 per cent.'
; MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
TWO rretty j homes just completed In the • Mis-
sion; C rooms.. bath: about $1000 down, bal-
. arice easy. See MOISE.. '120 Sansome iL'.'.. ; ,
MODERN cottage : 5 rooms and bath ; lot 30x
' 150. 5S2 ,Preclta ave.," ; Folsom-st. ' car.
MODERN cottage. -iWnnny. rooms and bath;
cheap for • cash. 214 HofTman ave. -~
LATEST system 1 sanitary plumbing i by AHL-
BACH & j MAYER, plumbers.i 830 Howard. -'•
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents — The Weekly Call.
¦ 10 pages. 1n wrBPtwr^for mailing.* $1 per year.
"~ -"..• SANJOSEimSAJL'KSTATE:
! FOR. sale— 7-room sottuge: 'all. modern Improve-
¦ ments;- elegant; home; 28 Magnolia ave., San
t Joge. Add.jC.'E. -Wright. San Jose. Cai.
SPECIALISTS. ¦ ,
CATARRH,' DEAFNESS and NOISES in EAKS
. positively cured: new methods; 1 week's treat--
~ • ment free. 5 Dr. Cottlngham, 204 Sutter t tVt'.h
MONEY TO. LOAN — Contlnaed.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security: no com.;
fairest Mates: strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. CS Dcnohoe bldj-.. 1170 Market si.
THE United Loun ar.d Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st (upsta irs) 1 . loans money on diamonds, jew-
•- vlry and valuables nt 2 i>er cent per month;
absolute privacy.. Phone Bttsh 4S4.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond*. Jewelry, at 2
r-er cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
M6 Market; tel. Main Ifl44. Branch. 10 Third/
MONET to loan on low Interest: gold, ellver,
diamonds, pearls and precious (tones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth 6t.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. It. 311. Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland offlce. 1103^ Lrdwy.. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 103 Grant ave..
LOAN'S FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method— -To wage earners on unln-
«lor*ed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49 Chronicle bUlg.-
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg, .
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy ;no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMA1N. room SI. 6 Eddy £t.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 708 Market st.
CASH '.oared salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MOREL!,. 6"fl Examiner building.
Ml'SICAJ- IXSTKU.11K.\TS.
ALL I-PKIGHTS:
Fischer, new $325. now $150. v.
Hertz, new $30O, now $07.
Miller, new $:l00. now $145.
3 Emeison. new $2">0 1,0 $350. now $160.
2 Chickering, new 5450, now $100, $185.
2 Sleinway. new $575. $750. now $185. $325.
Heine, new $575. now $333.
Rents $2 up; inEtallments, $4 up. Rent ap-
plied If purchased.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st.
Oakland— 1252 Broadway.
ABSOLUTE PARGAINS IN PIANOS.
One in fair order $10
One a little better $15
Another, condition good $25
Also a ChlckerinR, Mason A Hamlin. two
Stelnwaya, Knabe. Vose. Sterling, Maysori.,
Emerson. Hal let & Davis, Starr and many
others, from ?5S up: easy terms: fully guar-
anteed. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Far-
rell et.
OI.LY Piano house in the city that will rent
you a new piano for*$3 per month and allow
d months' rent and cartage off purchase
price; sole agents for McPnaii. Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 5fiO Hayes.
A PEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will lot sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage. lC3fl Market st.
SMALL pianos for small apartments; great
tone: rent or sale. Byron Mauzy.. 301 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister st.
S-PEDAL Stelnway up. ;Chlckerlng baby grand;
Shonincer. little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
IF vou want bargains come now; jlanos al-
• most given away. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
SOHMER. Byron Mauiey pianos. Cecllian piano
play" BYRON MAUZY. 30P-3I2 Post xt.
PEIISOXALS.
A fresh, Miiooth and young looking face.
With a rral. genuine "baby tkln."
Don't forgfiet the name, M. ELLA HARRIS.
The nun-.ber, 7el O'Karrell st.. near Larkin.
Call or write for book, free.
"Hints on Beauty."
Al SUITS to order at $1 weekly. We have
contracts with leading houses to take all
their short rnds. called remnants. We mak«
you a flne suit on installment* cheaper than
ethers do for cash. LEON' LEMOS. merchant
tailor. 1127 Market St.. bet. 7th and 6th.
THE Star Hair Remedf restores gray hair. Im-
proves its grcwth.stops falling.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or sticklnet-it;
clcance8 scalp;»t druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy CO..133S Polk
A — MICROTINE. a positive cure .for catarrh,
cold in the h-._d. hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections;, send for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TFA MEDICINE CO.. 272 Oth.
Cancerous lumps, sores, iropure blood (affecting
*kln. mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
f kiliod specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
AT less than cost: uncalled for cults, overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Taller. 721 Market st.
DRUNKENNESS, mcrpMne and all drug dis-
eases positively -cured by Willow Bark Co.,
S12 Ebotwell: consultation free; call or write.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thure.. Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mor.iiays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
I School of Dancing. 1S.">C Market, nr. Larkin.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NKUHAPB Ik CO. tine), tailors. 729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Travers, 1170 Market.
Actina restores lost eyeslRht;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA Co.. :;52*- 10th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 209 Sut-
ler, r. 000. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 33.
MASQUERADE eo?tumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN" & CO.. 7.13 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Miffit Clothing Parlor, cor. Uuah and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Us naturalcolor. $1; at all druggists'.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
1 tft rmg«>i>. In wrapper, for malllnT. *1 per year.
__________
MADAU rDSVAB.
PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. LIEBEH
BUILDING. 139 POST ST.* ¦>
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientiflc palm'.rt. 515
Taylor rt.. near Geary. Phon* Blark SCI.
PAP-CKf-AKqiSOj r.\IXTI.\«J. ETC.
ROOMS papered, $4 up: tinting, painting
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Main 413
PAUTACUS WAXTED.
LADY or gentleman with $50 to take half In-
terest in good-paying office business. Box
1205. Call offlce.
PHYSICIANS AND SURUEO.V*.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021*4 Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD fckln and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073^ Market St.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body; for
pUEt four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CG7 Geary st.. .near Leaven-worth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All .dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster's supplies
Oflico Depot Quartermaster, San Francisco,
Cal., CC Now llontcomcry St., March _4,
1004.— Staled proposals, in triplicate, subject
to usual conditions, will be received here un-
. til 10 o'clock a. in., Friday.Apiil 8, 1004, f and
theu opened for -delivery nt San Francisco.
Cal., ot hardware, rubber hose, paint,' rope,
etc. United 6tates reserves right to accept
or reject any or all bids, or any part thereof.
Information and blank proposals will be
furnished on application. Envelopes -con-
taining proposals to be marked "Proposal
No. 22S3," and addressed to MAJOR C. A
DEVOL. Quartermaster. U. S. A.. Depot
Quartet master.
UNITED STATES Engineer Offlce. Flood
Building. San Francisco, Cal.. April (1, ]!i(H.—
Sealed uroposals will be received here until
.. 12, noon. May 7, 1004, for dredging In I'ctu-
luma Creek and Kapa River, California. In-
- formation on application. . W. - H. HEUR,
Lieutenant Colonel, Engineers. . . : . ¦
PIVIPEXP KOT1CB8." -- .
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society, Cth floor. Mutual Savings Bank
bulldlns, 70S Market st., opposite Third—
For the half year ending- 31st of December,
1903,' a dividend has been - declared at the
late per annum of < 12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating - certificates,
free of taxes, payable. on and after 8ATUU-
• DAY, January 2, 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. ManacenjJHUGirCRAIG, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice — Offlce ; of Sierra Railway
Company of California, room 229 • Crocker
building. San Francisco, Cal.. April 1, . 1904. '
Coupon No. .14, due April 12, ' 1904, from first
mortgage 0 pen cent bonds of Sierra Railway
Com-iany of California will, be, paid at tha
fiscal agency of this company, the Crocker-
WikiI worth National' Rank, on and after that
date. S r - D. FRESHMAN, . Treasurer. -
DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE GIANT- POWDER
COMPANY, Con. — A' dividend,' No. C4. of fifty
cents -' (50c) per -share On the ! Issued capital
stock'cf the company has been declared pay-
' fible at the office of the company, rooms 202.
• 204 and 206 Hay ward building; San Francisco.-
on April 11 V.M. Transfer" books close-April
4. 1001.' at noun. C. C.'QUINNV Secretary.
REAL ESTATE— Country— ForJJale.
$6C00^a"bEAUTIFUL home in Santa Clara
Valley; within 1 hour's ride of San Francis-
co; 10 acres, modern house of 4 rooms, bath,
etc. ; artedan well, hen houses,- brooders. In-
cubators, egg cases, ¦ everything complete for
a first-class chicken ranch of 2000 hen ca-
pacity; horse, wagon and harness. n.
- DOYLE, 1023 Market st. : ' ' -
: ALFALFA, BO acres, ti crops, * producing 400
to 500 tons; Irrigated from main ditch; hlgh-
: ly Improved; one mile from depot; creamery,
church and school; for quick sa!« a bargain.
$£750. N. W.. 316 Yosemlte bio. r—^tockton.
FOR SALE — 1C5 acres flne virgin redwood and
pine timber near L E.~ White's; railroad at
Elk Creek Mendoclno County. For full par-
ticulars apply to A, CLOCKERS. Albion
P. P.. Cal. ¦ ¦- . "¦" -. ' -
ALFALFA lands, stork ranches, orchards.
, vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly tata-
. logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. «8
Market rt. „.-.. . • - - . .
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre fana.
$200 proflt per annum per acre.
Write for booklet • It's free. 603 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal ¦
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
i^K LIT VALE UBAI, ESTATE.
CHAS. F.~LEE. 7 ~ *7"
Phons Vals 298.
Offlce % block from Frultval* SUtlon.
$350 cash— Nice cottage of 3 rooms, surround-
ed by flowers, fruit trees and berry vines; nice
chicken house and chicken yard; on the car
line; lot 35x115; price, all told, $1000; com-
pletely furnished. - v
$1350 — New. up-to-date Queen Anne cottage
of 3 large rooms; lot 75x100, Inclosed with nice
fence; all on htgh ground: close to street cars
and good school ; a lovely home for little money.
$200 cash — New 6-room cottage, corner lot.
being 45x71x104; close to train, fine school and
street cars; monthly payments $15; price-, -ill
told. $1100.
$400 cash, balance $14 CO monthly; 4 rooms
and bath: -high basement cottage: abundance
ot berries and flowers: two lines of street cars
within a block; flne schools; lovely neighbor-
hood; lot 35x140: price, all told. $1525.
$300 cash, balance $12 per month: larse 4-
room cottage: flna well of water: chicken yards
and houses; set out In berries and small vege-
tables: flne place for chicken ranch: lot !W-
245; close to the foothills; street cars and flne
school near by: price, all told. $1300.
$75 lots in the beautiful Rosa Lee tract: fine
6011; grand view; new homes rapidly going up;
no cold winds or wet fogs and lots only $75
each; $5 down, balance $2 50 p»r month.
CHARLES F. LEE.
1222 Ftuttvale avenue.
NEW. 5-rootn cottage and bath, with all mod-
ern Improvements; 2 blocks from local sta-
tion; lot 46x125; terms to suit; a oirgaln
for a- few days.. Syndicate Investment Co.,
Frultvale.
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'M'TS
mill valley real estatg.
~"selling~fast!
belling' fast.
.100 lots sold up to date.
Large new subdivision' at the station of Mill
Valley; 40 acres In large lots. In the very cen-
ter of the valley, none of which are less than
50xl2O; prices range from $40O to $800; terms
10 per cent cash, balance $10 monthly: grand
home sites amid pleasant surroundings; beau-
tiful view of mountains and the bay; the cli-
mate unequaled: splendid opportunity for an
Investment; land values bound to increase, as
Mill Valley Is rapidly coming to the front;
the new electric road has shortened th« time
to 40 minutes from ( the city: Mill Valley has
all the conveniences of a city; fine supply of
pure mountain water; - good . sewerage and
drainage, electric lights, stores, churches and
schools and. In fact, all conveniences; lots
beautifully wooded; send\ for our new Illus-
trated book descriptive of Mill Valley.
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A NUMBER of very desirable sunny apart-
ments. 3 and 4 rooms each, with bath, toilet,
elevator, etc.; unfurnished or furnish-d to
order; new house. The St. Charles. 13C0
¦ Sacramento st.,' near Larkin.
EDDY. Sbl— 2 unfurnished rooms; light house-
keeping; In modern flat. . ,- . ,. • .
EDDY. 935^-Four*" furnished or unfurnished
rooms: private residence; flne location; adits.
GOLDBIN GATE ave.. 439 — 3 furnished
rooms for housekeeping; gas; bath." -
GUERRERO, 030. bet. 21st and 22dr-3 fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; no children.
HOWARD, 1310 — 2 lovely rocms for housekeep-
ing, nicely furnished, and one single.
HOWARD. 1424—3 furnished housekeeping
rooms; bath and gas; good kitchen; rent $15.
JESSIE. 323— Large, sunny front parlor, fur-
nlfhed housekeeping, gas range, $11 month.
KEARNY. 104— Sunny front salts; $11; un-
furnished; adults. ¦ ¦ - ' -¦"-.'-
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Sunny, furnished 3-roorn suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
LARKIN. S17H— Xlcely furnlEhed sunny front
room; folding bed, gas stove; reasonable.
MARKET. 1500, opp. Van Ne»s — Three unfur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; $16.
MASON. 417 — Furnished apartments for house-
keeplng. single or <a suite. ' ¦ "
McALLISTER, 53S— Large sunny parlor; gas
range; hot bath; laundry; $12; others $7;
adults. " -_ . - ¦ '
MODEL House; 120C Stockton — New, furnished
single, double hstkpg. rms. ; gas. bath;$5-$12.
OAK, 117 — Sunny rocms; gas range; hot bath;
laundry: tdultg; $1 23 to $2 25 week. .
OAK, 352— Three newly furnished eunny
. rooms, also basement room; $5.
POLK. 612— Bedroom, small kitchen, gas stove,
baths; $14; no children.
POST, 0S1— Lower floor of 2 or 3 rooms;. com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping; no chil-
dren. .•.-•;. '- '.¦
TAYLOR. Oil— 2 furnished attic rooms, gas
range. $11: single room, gag range. $r> 50.
TURK. 1.132, near Fillmore— 3 furnished rooms,
complete for housekeeping; $18. . .
TWENTY-SIXTH, K107, near Mission cars—
$12, 2 front sunny housekeeping rooms.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
' Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan and Church sts.
APABTMZHT HDPSS3.
A ST. HILAIRE APARTMENTS-
—LAGUNA ST.. NEAR GEARY —
Will be ready for occupation in a few - .
¦ days. Everything new. Make your
reservations now. Elegantly furnUh«M
apartments with private bath— 2. 3 and
4 rooms; steam heat; electric light; ele-
vator; private phones; rates reasonable,
JT^-CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be, finished March 15.
10S4 SUTTER ST...NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and- sunny: 2-3-1 rooms anj
bath each; all unfurnished; $-7 00 to '$10.';
•' Make reservations now. , .- -. . -
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness — The j
acme of pe'rfectlon In elegantly f urn, '3- room
' upartments: private baths, stenm heat, elec-
tric lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $55.
ST. I/5UIS. 1f>7"» Jarkson st.— Modern .'i-4-5
rooms; -also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine' view; reference*. Phone East -1S5O.
APABTMsirr roa sa_ s.
APARTMENT " house; ff-ntrally ' locatrd and
beautifully furnished throughout; every mod.
em", convenience. .11 3-room apartments and
bath; clears over $450 per month. Box 1000.
' Call office^ . . • : . \ ¦ •
: V APARTMENTS TO LET.
STIERLIN, . 057 _. Hayes- st,— 4 rooms, -bath:
;" swell; $32 60; unfurnished: finest ln^clty;. ,- >
••"VA'-^^T!iLJJ53^3^*~^^?^iK.*i?Pi r iT j -
AURORA, . corner Second and Folsom sts.'— New
houRC, - new furniture; : every room outside;
modern and sunny: , prices ¦ from $1 00 per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date house la
-this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK; House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
' 25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
llghtr housekeeping: rooms;, open: all < night, >'
AT "The * T AImont»." 873 Market 'st.'<or' No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms, .25c.. 50c.; $1.$V DO night:
. $16O f to $10 week;.house open all night.-
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No.; 13G4)— Fur-
— ' nlsned ¦ rooms. . suite. : single: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD.' 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
. furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS (The).- 618 Post. :nr.' Taylor— Just
¦""opened; desirably located; 7 sunny, single rooms
and suites, with private baths. -hot and cold
' • water, steam heat; electric lights, phone «very
.'. room; elevator. Phone East 1317 > If desired. ,
REALESTATJE Conntry— For Sale.
~y~ ~~ \vT j. w_nxi:V""~*~*~
CfilCKEN RANCHES. EVERYWHERE. >
EXCHANGES.
$15,000—103 acres; all level; 1 mile of town;
Contra Costa County; elegant 8-room house; 2
large barns; 7 poultry houses; 2 large gran-
aries; Income about $3000 a year; best ranch
in the county; . . \
$;;u,0€0 — Kiamath Co.. Southern Oregon; bor-
dering on ¦ UU Klamath Lake; 3000 acre-; cut
about d400 tons of hay annually; also large
quantities of Kraln; well fenced and cross',
Tcnced; good i- room residence; (arming imple-
ments; 10 horses; ;; sooJ barns, etc.
J10.000— In Sonoma Co.; SUO acres well fenced
In 3 fields; hr.use; a large barns; dairy house;
well watered; _UO acres tillable; all level; 24
acres b-year- old orchard; 30 head cattle; 20
hogs ; f armlns Implements, etc. ; $5000 mort-
taee; trade for bay property.
S27.0OO— In Placer Co.. on R.R.— 1C80 acres,
part -river bottom., all can' be ploughed; carry
400 head cattle yoar round; dwelling; 3 good ,
bains; farining Implements; 90 head cattle; 1-
head horses; plenty water to irrigate; part cash.
$8500— Scld by order of Superior Court. 1080
acres, near Point Arena, '.200 acres fine potato
land; apple orchard; &ou acres moro could be
planted; .SCO acres heavy timber: well, im-
proved and fenced: fine dairy or, stock canch.
$5000— Best ranch in Southern Oregon; 32u
acres; 2 sets good improvements; well fenced;
orchard: 5 horses: farming tools; outside range.
$3_50 — Only 2 miles of town, 155 acres; 10
acres old' vineyard: family orchard; fiO acres
clover or alfalfa; under 3 ditches; large new
bain; will build dwelling to suit buyer; 10
fine milch cows; farming implements; only
$1000 .down. ¦ ' •
$2500^=160 acres near boat and cars, Sonoma
Co. ; good 6-roora house; vineyard, orchard,
barn, outbuildings, horses, cow, poultry. $200; 1
Job can be had with the place.-
$2500— One mile P. O.. schools and stores;
255 acres; 40 level; 10 could be Irrigated;
house, large baro, outhouses; well fenced and
cross-fenced; 150 hens: new buggy, wagon,
farming tools; some stock; 3 wells; water piped
to buildings; furniture.
S45C0— Two and a half miles . live town and
R. R.: 400 acres; 40 In grain on creek; about
100 acres more bottom land; 10 acres full bear-
Ing orchard; balance timbered pasture; house,
barn, etc.; flee place for^ resort or sanitarium;
not far from city. 1 .
$5000— 3. miles of Santa Cruz; 47 acres; 18
under cultivation, balance flne pasture; 385
assorted fruit trees; 1500 grapes; windmill and
tank; water piped to buildines and yards;
splendid 8-room hard-fln'shed house, -good
stable and poultry houses; span pood horses; 2
cows: 7 dozen hens; single and double buggies
and harness; hay; farming tools and furniture;
trade for No. 1 property around bay.
S2C50— JfcO acres. _ miles of Napa City. 2
miles P. : O. ; 30 acres under cultivation; 19
acres full bearing fruit; 15 acres fine grain;
65 acres more could be cultivated; balance
broken and rocky; house, barn, poultry houses,
incubator, brooders, 2 wagons, 2 carts, horse,
cow, poultry, tools.
(3000 — igo acres, at station and near Santa
Cruz; 35 acres clear: orchard; 10- room house;
outbuildings: mortgage $2000: trade equity.
$3500 — Near San Jose: 14 acres bearing fruit,
mostly prunes; facilities for irrigation: build-
ings.
$3250 — 28 acres sandy loam, only 2 Vi miles ot
Petaluma; house. 5 rooms and bath; part cash.
$750 — Gold mine, with 80-foot shaft and fine
body of ore In sight. El Dorado Co.; assays
$14 a ton: would exchange for vacant lot, ,
$2500 — 60 acres; *> miles from Santa Crus; 20
icres under cultivation, balance rolling and
seme steep; small orchard and vineyard. _bear-
lnp; good 7-room house, barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure; $500 down and balance
monthly payments if desired.
$350Or— Near Petaluma; 13 acres; 6-room
house; good outbuildings: tools; wagon - and
horse; 10 poultry houses; 400 hens; 2 Incuba-
tors and brooders: a money-maker.
$1600 — Close to Sebastopol; 8 acres, 4 acres
bearing blackberries;- family orchard; good
well; running water: fine Jersey cow; spring
wagon* harness; tools; furniture.
$4500 — Near .Sebastopol; 24 acres; all level;
2 flowing streams: 6 acres apples; 3 acres
blackberries; nice 8-room house, barn; drying
plant; outbuildings; horses; farming tools; ru-
ral delivery.
$2250.— 10 acres, all ¦ in apricots Just com-
mencing to bear: 6 miles from San Jose; lovely
home; half cash.
$1700— In Sonoma City; 3^4 icres; nil level;
good • house, barn, windmill, tank house; 13
poultry houses and yards; some alfalfa: spring
wagon: 500 chickens: feed hcuse.
St.cI stamp for printed list.
W. J. WHITE. 20 Montgomery St.. room H.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call, 16 faces, sent to any address in tha
UnlUd States or Canada one year for $1.
ALAMF.DA ADVERTIS'MENTS
' AI.AMKDA HKAL ESTATE.
$5250— A RARE bargain; chance of a life-
time; two beautiful up-to-date' modern 6-
room flats on Clinton _ave. • bay. frontage;
beautiful marine view; elegant fart bathing:
bathhouses, etc.: this is a rare chance: don't
overlook It. HAMMOND & HAMMOND. 1423
Park st.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
\ BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2600— HALF block by the Santa Kt; $50
month.
$1400— New cottage, 5 rooms; bath, pantry,
city water, sanitary plumbing: lot 50x100; 1
block from electric cars; $150 down. $25
monthly. . r ''
$SI>0 — NeatvCOttaRf, 5 rooms and bath; near
station of locrtl train.
$500— I*.'t, 60x120, on broad macadamized
street; $50 down, $10 monthly; Interest 6 per
cent net.
$1200 — House, 4 rooms: garden, etc.; $150
down, $10 per month.
. 51S50 — Houiw. 0 rooms and bath; lot 50x130;
small barn; street sewered.
$1250 — Business corner on principal avenue;
lot 60x100.
$1500— Lot for factory sit*. 221x125.
$250— Triangle let, 40x120, with creek lined
with willows; $25 down, $10 month.
$1100 — House, 4 rooms; lot 47x125; $100 down,
S15 per month.
$37ri — Business lot, 20x75; $20 down. .
$2D0 — Lot, POxlCO; $25 down: $5 month.
CHAS. A. BAILEY.
1056 University ave.. nr. i^an Pablo, ave., ¦
¦ West Berkeley.
FOR SALE.
£<X|0 — 4-room house; built one. year; lot 30x
100; 'located at loll Grayson St.. West Berke-
ley; one block west -of San Pablo car line.
; . FOR EXCHANGE.
100 acres of land In San'Luls Oblspo County,
near .'3an Miguel, for a good building lot In
lJerkoley. Oakland or San Francisco.
One of the finest homes In Berkeley, 8 blocks
south of University of California groundo.
house .of ; 11 rooms, good barn, orchard about
on« acre. . for ranch In rlRhT location.
MORA.V & SWAIN.
2131 Phattuck nve.. opp. Berkeley Station.
• NOW IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY
(If you -profit, by It at once)
to purchase'
A modern S-room house; combination electric
licht and gas fixtures: fruit trees in bearing;
north side Clalrmont ave.: lot C0xl35.
DON'T OVKRLOOK THIS CHANCE; PRICE
S37D0. "¦> - "
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
' 14.2 Park St., Alameda, Cal. ¦ ¦
A. .- MtMiDOCK *; CO.. South nerkelajrvftattoo.
1 - tor na'-gniitu: we tmlirt. hiiv. «»ll *r **r»i«ng''.
"bEEXCE-EY — OTEIiS. ¦>- s
H^rEL^^U^KELI?Y^E^PENS— This ele-
gantly appointed; house Is now under a new
and experienced management.- The servlep Is
"first class, the accommodations homelike, the
treatment of guests courteous, the rates low.
The hotel is situated on Dvvlght - way, one
' block west of the Dwtght way station, and is
therefore convenient to. both the Key .Route
and S. P. ferry systems. Rates, per day.
trar.sIentJnre from $'i to $3. and per month
'v- are?;>0.to'$r>0, according. to apartmonts. Ban-
quets and wedding dinners will be served on
short notice in the most fashionable and ' de-
lightful r manner. All Interested ; In thin an-
nouncement -are Invited' to call* at the house
.'¦ and Inspect It. Any further Information de-
sired will be promptly given. Tel. Dana 136.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
: OFFICE, 1 118 BEOADWAY.
OAlvLA-NOHKAL liSTATE.
BKLDRN'S HAP.OA*INS.
$2750— Splendid , Income Investment and spec-
ulation: lints 'near, new? Santa,. Fe depot.- San
Pablo ave., where everything is booming; So-ft."
lot; i rents $27^ and . can : bo ¦ increased; absent
owner orders i this sacrifice ¦ for Immediate sale.
1 $300 — Choice I sunny lot, - 70x104, ! near Frult-
valo avc. and: old county road/gll WMflJirif HMfflM
V $2050 — C-room cottase and stable with lot
fyrxl40. ' on 1 30th St.. ; near . G rove.
\ $1500 1 each— 2 : lots. 50x120 each.-, in Adams
Point property; superb view; elegant surround-
ln~s: cheapest ¦ lots In '-. the tract. ¦". .-¦¦>¦ ;
, $150<>— Choice high lot.' <¦ 5flxl2.">. • on north side ]
Edwards' st., near Telegraph .ave. * . - ¦.-,. j
$400 will buy lot 25x127 on Adeline St., near
18th and the new DeFremery Park.
.«2. r >0 for i lot ; 50x140 on north side 43d St..
near Grove: •: crab, It 'quick. -:' .' . "
-'.'-- BF5LDEN,' Real Estate.
•J'i ' : 1112 ; Broadway.- Oakland.' -
" A' SNAP/
511C0 only for a 5-foom cottage with furniture;
' " s4ireet l work' done, etc. : ;half 'cash;.' balance
: mortgage- r Apply . to -P. , C. LASSEN, - 460
*1 Tenth st., Oakland, Cal. . ..
.OAKLAND FXRNITUnBj^OIV^IA_._.
TO-MORROW ¦' the 3 day 1 for ' bargains V In f urnl-
.' iur* II. Schelhaas.llth st.,cor.store,Oakland.
I MEDICAL. 1
I - -¦ ¦ — ¦ i. ¦. 1 . . ,. , - . . _
I— MJIES desiring sale, eure end quick relief
from irrccuiarities consult me at once; my
method* ate always safe, painless aud reli-
able: I have no (allures; no exorbitant f»es.
CONSULTATION* AND ADVICE FREE.
Cure* «;uar_r.tef_ or no pay; 17 years' ex-
perienci- In all female dleordcrs; call or write
- without delay; correspondence confJentSal.
DR. WHITK. 702 Market st.. rooms 7 and S.
A — LAI >1KS, tf you are suffering from lrrcsu-
larittes cr any ailment you will avoid dis-
appoir.uuems by consulting, me first. My
niethod of treatment is positive and harm-
less and I ruarantee immediate relief from
cause cr Qiake no charges. Advice free.
Call cr write Sit." SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny.
ALWATS be advised and treated by a grad-
uate physician: positively the only one here
capable and willing to restore you to happi-
ness; relief for trreffclarltlfs: help for un-
fiTtur.ate Indies; if In trouble consult him
without cn«t or fee; call or write: confiden-
tial. DR. -H. H. WICSTON. 3«S Kearny st.
DP.. G wTo'DONNELL— All who are sick or ,
in trouble consult this s;>eclal!6t en female
complaints: positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice tree. Offlce. 101S Market fct. .
MRs7~nR. wrnT"H7~epec!aI!st Tor alTfemale
ccmpialntc and Irregularities; Instant relief
(ru>rante<Hi; '10 years' experience. .S2C Post st.
MRS. I'R. KOHL, reliable specialist for airTe"-
male triubic* and Irregularities; Instant re- '
lief ruarante^d. 1OC<4 Market St.. opp. Sth.
Drs. G'.H>dwin. <33 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; inst. relief;
I treatment $lt>; hourp, K> to 5: 25 years' expor.
MRS. D. ALLEN. Ill** Market— Reliable laites'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical cate: low fees.
LADIES— o- Jr monthly regulator never faMs;
bex free. VITA CO.. Station A. Detroit. M'.ch.
DR. ROSEN resides 2;>J>"> Folrom et.. corner
20th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment. 112C Market st.
DR. NO. TOY KEE. 319 Powell st.. opposite
fnlon square; all diseases cured by herbs.
Mlfc <£K LLA> KOIJi FOR SAL_!
BOILERS. enKines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH _ WOLPMAN. 1V5-197 Fremont st.
EOE6 YOUR ROOF LEAK7
Repair it with elaterlte: in rolls easy to lay;
reeds no painting or coating; good ever old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new rou.'s.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
LIBERAL credit places comfort and attract-
tveness within the reach of any one. Call
and see ue regarding diamonds and Jewelry.
ITr.ited Loan a"ad Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.,
upstairs.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, poi—pa.
pulleys, charting, etc.. etc.. bou^h'.. fold.
r«r.tra and exchxneed;. see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale et.
DESKS aud office furniture; $20,000 stock to
be sold beTore April 15; this stork can be
bought in large or small lots. T. D. Me-
CAKTHT CO.. 7S2 MiMlon. Phone Bush 467.
FOR sale — 30 milking ¦rnwl and dairy outfit
ccmplete. with or without pasture for the
tan:e. Apply at 81S Grove St.. between Web-
«er and Fillmore, mcrninps.
TAKE notice— I have sold ail of my interest
in the firm of Johnston & Ellis, California
Market. 10 R_bert H. Johnston, on March
22. 19P4. E. V>ELLIS.
PAINT your old and new metal and shlnj*Ia
roofs with Asbestos RooT Paint; guarante?d
to stop all leaks In the one snd preserve th«
rew. 205 Front st.;,tel. Main 1428.
A — FINE suits. $7 59? dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misflt ClothlAg Parlors, 2.".S Kearny st..
near Hush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to neon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents tear machinery, »n-
C'.ties, bo'.lers. water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
*tc. WHITELAW. 2J3-255 Fptar «.
J. COOTER 'dress suit rental parlor*), for-
merly at Palace Hotel for over 20 y.=arK, has
removed to _1 Stockton st. (upstairs).
ALTERATION sale— Best _ 50 hatsT '1 M>.
Popular Price Hatter. i30 Kearr.y rt.. near
Pine; open to a p. m. : Sundays to nocn.
Ml'ST be told: owner poing East: painting anl
paperhanging business: <stah!lEhed over 30
years. C. J. BARRON, 121!» Market st.
TRY our men's shoes at SI and SI 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at (2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalo? free.
GENTLEMEN'S full-dress suits to rent at
LICHTENSTEIN BROS.'. 25 Stockton Et.
FOR sale — Electrical engine»rins text-books; 4
volumes, complete; new. 1S-'3B Howard st.
CARPENTER'S and p lumbers tools for sale
t'heap. iC2 Howard st.
FOR sale or exchange — For watch, one cam-
era. M10; also one 5_7. C. P.AKER. 121 Oth.
PIGEONS, new. Imported varieties, for squab
raisers ;send for list. C. Wlluon.229 Stevenson.
PAIR perfect white diamond earrings at a
bargain, about V!i karats. 10 Sixth st.
A TENT for rent or salr. ROSS McMAHON
TEXT & AWNING Co.. 35 Mrkt.Tel.Bush i^H
S3*t ROLL and up; flne wall paper; t-umpi-s
mailed; painting, tinting. i-apTlrg. M. MEIl-
IGAN. 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
BOOKS bought: libraries purchased. Kins'*
Old Bookstore. Cl McAllister i-t.
ETKXTL lined eafe, 1S00 pound* : J125. RICH-
ARDSON BP.OS.. 1816 Market st.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds and watches;
ea»y payments. GAIUN, M>3 Hay— -ard bids.
GASOLINE engines bought, sold, exchanged,
repaired. Eykes-Corson Co., 254 Beale st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-'
hand. I. .FREEMAN. 1320 Market rt.
SOME Rood second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck _ Co.. 122 MkeC
SLOT machlms cheap; Chlcagoes. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIOALUPI. 333 Market.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post sf.
EAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECIC
. _ CO.. 122 Market «t.
GASOLINE eng1n-«. autorr.6bl'»»s and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremunt «t.
AEK for price« on second-hand typewriters; all
makes ALEXANDER & CO . 110 Mantg'y.
31 1 S C i: LI. A AEO I.' S \VA.\TS.
CALir'OUN'IA Housewr*cker Co. pays the
¦ higliest ivric* for bulidinss and will remove
tb« Urccct. building In. 10 days. Oftictt aud
yard N. W. cor. Mission and Tenth sts.
I PAY bicbest prices tor all kinds of cast-ofT
rlotr.ing; send postal. MORRIS. 01.1 Folsom.
SHOES wanted; misflt &. castofl; highest pres.;
new ft 2d band shoes for sale. 749 Mtgsion.
TIT.TON wants good »econd-hard clothing and
theatrical roods. 154 inn «t.: tel. Jrwin 2&&I.
BIOMSr TO LOAN.
A A A— HERMAN MURPHT.
— . . C01-OO2-CO3 Kxamlner Building.
QuJfck setMeinents); no disappointments.
rave expenses by dealing directly.
Ft-tsl--.-.. second mortgages;, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; leg&cicn, life estates and unJivldfrd in-
teresis Jn property rurchated.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confldeniial.
When You Need Money
Sec HERMAN MURPHY.
MAXUATTAJ* LOAN COMPANY (INC.).
CONTROL $1,000,000. "
REAL ESTATE LOAN.S.
INTEREST 6 PER CENT.
FIRST, SECOND AND THIRD MOUTGAGES.
CITY AND OAKLAND.
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTIES.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN RKAL ESTATE.
REAL KSTATE IN TRUST.
107-8-3-10-11. CUOCKER BUILDING. S. F.
" ~ WiLL LOAN
A reasonable amount on •
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
' Chattels, in city, town
or coantry. t
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Locution, etc.
.. Box 4fjS. Call office.
ALL loans made to salaried people . strictly
confidential; loans on first and second morl-
. gages, also chattel mortgages. United Loan
and Trust Company.- 21 Stockton st,
LIFE insurance policies; loans on same; we
rive higher loan values tban companies.
United Loon and Trust Company, 21 Stockton
Ft. <eecond floor); phone Bush 4 SI.
MONEY loaned on diamonds,' Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables: our fireproof vault Is protect-
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 23 Stockton; phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding- houses, v without
security; .easy payments; large business in.
4C principal cities. - Tolman, C.vj Parrott bid.*
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal; '
no commlKlon; co publicity; f_5 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery st..rm.'7.
ALtTioans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per ccr.t
, mo. 3. F . ColUtertI _«_n Dank/ 038 Kearny.
•AT C R. IIANSEN & OO.'S 429 Bush st.
Government rrcrk. Etat* of Nevada.
Fee ?1 Special rait ftr*
"Hias'.mi. laborers, reclim-n $2-$2 &u
"loss h*re Ship to-nlsht
U. R. blackhmlth and tool sharpener. .$3 day
« — 'ood chipper*, see boss here «*..fl H
10 ttiruiffa ;or orchard, see boss h*iV...$25
2 milker*. $.'j0; ran.:li blaoksiaith. b-#s here.
/..... $40
fi scraper teamsters, ranch. $25; 3 plumbers..
• $4 50
Coachman and card»ner, $30; second cook.
country hotel >G0
Cook, bwtel. $?O; relief cook, $70; second
bro'.ler *70
4 nur- ej«, tovint ry InrtltuTton $35
V.'ei*rr», *Ji0: porter, 120, boss here.
_ belihoys. tlS
1 •. R, HA NKKN & OO^ 423 Bush St.
UANTE 1 for "J. o. army: able-bouied un-
niarrltC n;»-n. betweei! aet-s of 21 and
•¦;i»i*r* «jf tlie t*Btt«d Slat^. of good » harac-
t-t anrt iemixiiite hsbl'.t. who can eyeak.
read and write icnjriish. Kor information
appiy to H«?cruUUiK Offi<-*r. Hialt-j building.
New Montgomery •»*¦• s * n Francisco, cr Hr.'tf
Spomd fct., Cal.
A— L L
Men to learn the barber trade in two montht
and secure good r-^itions; catalogue and full
iiiformatlcn mailed free. MOLEU System
•.""o'.iec. _'5 C.ay st.
WANTED— Bench hsnd planing mill. DAL-
ZIFL & MILLER, wrner Addison end Nllvia
sts., Berkeley.
WANTED — Steward and carpenter for steam
whaler. LANE"S. r«O4 Davis st. ij£
ERRAND boy at 15« New Montgomery st..
room 16.
1-THATR barber shop for sale; goinff away;
trial riven. 650 Pacific st.
J-HRKB-O1AIR barber shop for BSJe on ac-
count of sickness; must he sold. 245 East St.
YOl'KG mt-n of IS cr over to Join a military
organization Apply. with rrf eren ,-es, S.
SZAMT. 473 Valencia st.. bet. 6 snd S p. m.
no expenses. r-
•RANTED — Laborers and mechsnics to know
tha: Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
s<3d»i 1<X> new rooms to the Denver Hou«e.
217 Third st.: 2M> rooms; 2.V to MV per night.
CASH boj-s: must have reference* from local '
hustne** housesi Apply ornoe SHREVE _
CO . Crocker buiKSing.
ENGRAVERP: onlj- flrpt-ciass need apply:
bring reference*. 6HREVE A CO.. fsctory
corner Mtrket an(5 Fre mor.t fit.
'ff'Bim Oermsn. steady, references, haniy.
t»n4 hsr wJnehous*; married preferred. Box
Utl; Cell office.
WANTED— Machinists, molders. blarksmSth?'.
tesmstery snd woodworkers to stay away
from Stockton; strike. S. F. Labor Council.
TRY our men's fhoe». union made, at $1 and
tl T>n pair; foot-form shoes at ?2 50; we pay
exp-»f<s or mail <-har*re». II ;'.d t-l.. Exam. hid.
BOVC -.-anted r=t once. JOE ROSENBERG,
«.ir, Market st.
STOT'T youne men for steam vhallnp; no ex-
pt-rienre required. HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart.
THKEK-ohalr barber shop: rhesr: geoti loca-
llo_; rouft Fell; have other business. 211 Oth.
WO' TED— Jewelers at 17 Lick place. Lick
House.
V ANTi-JD— Good barber. 704 Polk st.
v. ANTED— First -class blacksmith- Twenty-
;hnd ana Bartlctt sts.
"5 .MLOS wanted on custom eoatu; steady work;
eood pa} . i.'JS Natoma st. .
HOTEL barber shop fcr sale at -tt*4 Third *L
nunHERS — 3-chalr shop for sale; wholesale
difctnct; easy terms. B»x liss. Call office.
3-CHAIR shrp for sa!e; good location. In-
quire DHCKELMAN BRO8 . 108 -Ills st.
BARBERS— flood two-chair shop with 4 living
rooms: goo<i sM* entrance; good trade; ca!l
er.d k>^. 2493 Mission st.
Vi'ANT_f> — Manager for one of our stores,
t^cotoh Plaid Tailor*. lCwS* Market st.
V\ ANTED— Porter. Scotch Plaid Tailors, 1000
Market st.
WANTED— Two taliorins: salesmen. Scotch
Pla'd Tailors. U*K> Market St. _.
WASTED- Two cood cutter*. Scotch Plaid
Tailor-, lrma Market M.
COATMAKKRS and jiantsmakers for countr>'.
Apply RLUSS BROS. & CO.. 24 gutter st.
MAN to do janitor work fcr tuition 4c S. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard stt.
VOl'NG men, Mllor*. blacksmith*, carpenters.
sre«'n hands, for ships. Herman'B. 27 Pteuart.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Hullls. r. 40. Phelan bids.
I'att Com. Ceo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; 35o night: reading-rooms:
free "bui« and bntrKage to and from ferry.
AI^VEHTISEMnNTS eubperiptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan _ Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1<TOS Market Bt.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL *izes men'* chocs, slightly damaged, half
I-rii e. f»C3 Minion et.. bet. 1st and 2<i sts.
CET your ehoe» half-soled while waiting; 25c
to f.<y. 5C- Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sU.
KELP W AIT-ED — SOLICITOXS.
4 FIBST<O— — BS solicitor*; EaKtern flnarjcifU
hcuse; monthly fru_rantee. 405 Hearst b!ds.
WANTED — Good salefman or solicitor. KV-
TIAL INVESTMENT CO.. 4C7 Parrott l>Mg.
nopscg to let!
A— PRINTED list «"f hous»s to let: v*?\A for clr-
rular. G. II. CilBSEN #r CO.. 2Q Montgomery.
McALLl?TER. 7L'CD— 12 ~x>ma. ba'.h and bll-
iiard-roojn: $60: treter fire: modern.
BrFORE moving ret our rrlnted lift of house*
to 1>t. BALDWIN <- HOWELL. 2T, Pc«t ct.
KO-SCt l'lR.\ISHi;» FOR 5AL.B.
NINE-ROOM hcuse; reasor.abls; ciean; leaving
city. 305 Oolden Gs'.e _v». .
HOItSI'o. AM) WAGONS.
Al'CTION sale of horses every WednesJay et
11 -. re.. 227 K!_th MJ ev*rj- horse must be
&b r» i i'r*«tnt«?<?" or money refunded. .'OHX J.
IJCYLF. Auctioneer.
A KTSFPONSIBLE party desires use of horse
art! r.-ujxy 'cr the feed and care. ! 21 Stock-
ton et.. upstairs.
r*OlTU 1*.ne Rurrej-s. one pony buggy, carts,
r.ac'r; ani* bus!i:ess bugeies for salo, cheitp.
1CM-S Ftilvjnj st.
__COND-IIANl> open hackr. waconettes. 3-
ftaters an^ busineis bucKies. COHVILL
MANCFACTUniNG CO.. 48 Eighth tt.
fcAN' FHANCIBCO Veterinary College — Next
s«-sr>:.in Ik-cIiik Jutw <:. Catalngs by ari .'} in»; to
DJt. E. J. CItCELny. C2O Golden Geto ave.
FIN I" river lirttcm pasl"*^?'': «~ r n f«ed yoar
rocntl: ii^rir _ta<-k Olamrnd. Cotitra Cost.i
Cotrnty. A«3Jrers< Nucleus. lOft f'tevenson.
tjlNGLH hsrncrs for !«ale. r.ll hand made; never
bem u*cd ir.ueh. Bex 41C3, Csll ciflce.
FOR **'c — A cushion -tired bugc>-; cond ccndl-
tlou. IV«x 4130, Call office.
KOR SALT:— TXirk bay btipgy horse. 6 years
old. lVix 421 J. Call office. _
!>r. J. II, Uallor.. veterinary sur^oon. Office.
lio>>p:trl mcved S14 Folsom: tel. S— Mfal l^Xi.
IjUSCWt afsnrtmt 2d-han'l wagons, buokbd. sur-
i»y.!mriie«..woil;.drivir_r horw?. 1 Sth- Valencia.
LOST AXD FOU.VD.
ry^PT— Saturday eA-cnins. April 2. between R:30
ur.O ttr.'to, on Fnn Hruno r.isd or Folsom *t..
r"'.d tunburrt brooch ret with nine diamonds;
rift: $100 reward; no questions. II. J. B ..
Mmp. l'lanir.g M41I, 749 Uryant st. -
LOST— Black mare, white ->!»r on forehead,
rojx» burn on left forward foot; Jost between
>« a»iJ 0. Ot'oan l»oulevard. Apply Nucleus [
£t_blc«, 1J>7 Kteveneon et. ; reward for Under, j
LOST— A pass book with the Hilx-mii Sav-
ings and Loan Society of Kan Francisco in
, the name o f HANNAH DUItlCE. No. 1K4-C18.
The f.ndei will please return to bank.-'
LOST— Pflsy »>ook wi;h tbe Hlbernla ijavlncs
nnd Loan Hoel^ty of San Francl(>co In the
name of Peter Molony. No. 1SS-1S35. Finder
will ;!rn*.- return to bank.
"/">>¦"*¦— A pasi-book with the Hlhernla Sav-
iiiKs nnd Lriin Society of'San I-'ranclsco In
the name of Grace King. No. _lti-fiC7; the
flndcr will ;>lea«e return to tjank.
LOST— April T.. vl'inlty H_" Francis Hotel.
Rolrt locket, diamond net and initials C. II. P.
in«ic» Powell fct.; reward. ¦
//1KT — Rrovn da«.-hsbund dou. Kinder return [
to 39CJ Market <upntair?> end rro^lve reward.
LOgTf-PipalJ CinmonJ buckle. Kindly return
to _34b CJuj- «_; rewarJ. ,
ROOMS TO LET — Para, and lafnrn.
FOR single gentleman, in .private home (no
other roomers), a large, sunny,' furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2624. Call offlc». «
FOR DRESSMAKERS— A splendid basement
floor, neatly furnished: reasonable; also
other rooms. 722 Eddy st.
' FOURTH. 401— Sunny, larre, front and «ld»
room, suitable for 2; will put la two beds..
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 35a
to $1 25 night: $1 SO to $6 wk.; reading-room.
MARKET. 1032—2 rooms, with gas and coal
stove; $12 per month.
ROYAL Houso. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per nijrht. 35c to $1 50; week. $2 '
to $S; month, $3 to $30; elevator en ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
STEINER. B07 — Large front room, smaller
connecting if desired: running water.
STOCKTON. 41 and 45— Nicely rurnlshed sanay
front suites; also single rooms for gentlemen.
$1 50. $2 50 - $S week. Phone Black 5291.
TURK, 32— Newly furnished sunny rooms, e.i
suite or* single; transient; just opened.
TURK, 730^ — An attractlva suite; modern ; cen-
tral location; gentlemen preferred; reason-
able. . . •
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market-~»>
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room: elevator.read. -room; free bus: bagga*?.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth— Electric light In every
room: !5c to $1 a night: 75c to $3 a week:
open all night: convenient to all cars.
VALENCIA, 46»— For rent. 2 unfurnished
rooms.
VAN NESS are.. 51£— Elegant front parlors
acd adjoining suite for offlce or club.
VAN NESS. 926 — Furnished sunny room In flat,
suitable 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d rt.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room: free bus: baggage.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
EDGEMERE HOTEL.
731 Bush st.. above Powell; • select first-
class residential hotel: elegantly I furnished
and table unsurpassed: electric light; steam
heated and private exchange telephones In
every room; terms reasonable. ' .
B. DU CARPE. Prop.
BOARD for the summer In a nlc« private
home In San Leandro: one hour's ride to
• San Francisco: all the fruit, vegetables, but-
ter, eggs and chickens; home raised: accom-
modations tint class and hom« like: rate-
very reasonable. Box 4276. Call.
SUMMER board In a pleasant country tonw
In Sonoma County, near San Francisco, anil
close to Petaluma: daily train and boat serv-
ice; climate unsurpassed: terms reasonable.
Box 405.8. Call offlce.
HOTEL BALTIMORE?
1015 VAN NESS AVE . NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE ! EXCHANGE 70S.
HOWARD. 841A— First-class board wlt_ room.
. sinsle or double. $4 50-45" week: American
family; home cocking; home comforts: piano.
HOTEL EL6M ERe! 4is' Sutter— Sunny suites,
singlo rms.; excellent table: moderate prices.
O'FARRELL. 1420— Sunny rooms: private fam-
ily; <?ood board; bath, Wione. •
THE LAKE. 2CS Turk St.— Suites and slngl»
rcoms, with board; prices reasonable.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Elegantly furnished
suites, with baths; also single: homelike.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC— The machine tor family us«;
best is cheapest: second-hand all makes at
any price: all kinds rented lowest rates.
¦ Domestic- offlce, 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slichtly used; $10. $15. $20: second-
hend. $3. $5, $5; aM styles; guaranteed N*~
Home gewlng Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
STORAGE AJfD^JkVAR—HOUSES.
A^G7_BERT~_nnOORE Storage Co.: storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
'Ness; offlce 1236 Market, r. 84; tel. South 75a
A— EMPORIUM Storage _ Van Co.; furniture
household goods stored. ¦ moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant Irtl.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Etcrag* &. Moving Co.. of- *
flee Post and Powell sts.; teL Prlv. Ex. 571
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 120.
GOLDEN We-t Storage: advances made. S49
Mission St.; tel. Howard 041. F.'W. Z»hfa-».
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 251.
BEKIN8 Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel Main 1840 Shipping at cut rates.
SLOT MACHINES.
Slot machines. $25; punchers. $25; lifters, can.
- n-.achines,$_O. W.A.Bradford Co..ll«5 Market.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Nw"&T Market^
promises cure if in fair health: hours 1 to 5.
AND SUPI'LIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. I
Smith Premier, $23; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals f_ 30. Tb*
' Typewriting Exchange, 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. - M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery *t.
ID-HAND typewriters sold, rented* repaired. *
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses were issued yesterday as
follows:
Moses E. La Grande. 23. 130a Turk street,
and Leontlne M. Plnchon. 18, ll.T Valley street.
Carlos Del Curo. OS, 341 Waller street, and
Emraa H. Fink. 27. city.
William J. Bradley. 23. 018 Post streft. and
Rose- A. Melbourne. 21. 10CSB Golden Gate ave.
George F. Witt, 22. 2T> Elgin Park avenue,
and Sophia L. Doscher. 20. 1.T47 Pierue street.
George L. W. Leonard. 21. 1763 Page street.-
and Marie C. Lyman. 13. 2379 Folsom street.
Alvln B. Stufflet, 21. 8115 Mission street, ana
Emma L. Tull/24. 848 Mlanton street.
Theodore L. Web-r. 47, 1316 Folsom street,
aP'l Amanda E. Westeliue, 33. 1021 McAllister.
M?lancthon E>. Walters.- 21. Spokane, Wash.,
and Ada A. Sallee, IS. 1742 Bush street.- .
John Parle. 27. Los Angeles, and Jcnnii
Gunterman, 23. Los Angeles.
Peter J. Schmidt. 2.\.12S_ Page street, and
Rosine Denncry, I*-. 1S90 Post street.
Henry Ford. 38. ir_.'» Lombard street, and
Mary Martin, 24. 925 Lombard street.
Hiram Vail. 74, 142 Woodland avenue, and
Anna A. -Douglas. 63. -214S Steiner street. -
Jane W. Murray. 21. -»(¦¦; Minna street, and
Nellie Corcoran, 2U. 40t> Minna street. ¦»•¦'-
John J. Crelghton. 30. 731 Harrison street.
and Elizabeth Boden, 21. 47 Clara ¦ street, n
Albln M.- Samuelson. 2!. liU Stevenson St.. and
Elvira E. Haltstrom, 27. 202S Golden Gate ave.
Harold A. Davenport. 29. 530 Castro St., and
Edna II Sle<lman..2_. 1C9 Eureka »t.
George A. Riehl. 34.: 1306 Ellis street, and
Maude A. Farmer. 28. . 1330 , Ellis street.
ElRTHS-MARRlAGES-^EAis:-
Birth, marriage and "death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must b« handed
In at either of the publication offices and b-»
indorsed with the name and residenc« of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the 'announcement
of the event are published .once In this colurua
free of charge. . .. '
» MARRIED. *
DIXON— CAMPBELL— In this city; March ."WV
1JHM. by the Rev. Frederick A. Doane. Wil-
liam DUor. and Martha Campbell, both oC
San Francisco. . Hpl
LIEBENBERO— WISXIEWSKI— In this city.
. March 2tt. l!»04. by the Rev. Father • Het-
ri on. * Fredrick A. Llebenbers . and Victoria
V. Wlsniewekl. .
SCOTT— STRICKLAND— In . this city. March
" 24. 1004, by the Rev.; Frederick A. Doane.
J.Winfleld Scott' and "Matilda A. Strickland,
¦ both of San Francisco. . ' " :
DIED
Armstrong. Miss 'IS. Fogel..Mr». Tina
Ashbaugh. .; Nora Frahm. Margarets*
Bache. Charles U Green. Mnry L.
Barr.' Sister Mary B. Hauscr. Hattle
- I?easley, v Johanna Hunt, John
Beatty." JanWA. .'. • Jacobson, Hayward
IJernedo.' Stefano C. Kioti. Jacob
. ' Tioulton, -Sybil Lord, Anna
.-.- Clement. i Rene C. , O'lJowd. Maurice P.
Collins,*- Dennis J. • O'SIrea.. Thomas
* Copeland. IUv. W?n. ! Pallett. George P.
' Cummlngs. Thomas Plcru<-cinl.' Mrs. M. -
CunnlmjnanrCMrall. Rosenberg. Mrs. , A;
Davls.v Dora Sn«-nth. Vdlllaai O.
Dow Mm' Maud Swan. Ellen-'
Downs. Mk-ha«-l Williams. Philip A.
- Feehan. Ursula E. Winks. Joshua T.
ARMSTRONG— In this city.. April 3. 1904. Miss
ContinueO on Page Fourteca.
m™~ 'T"V11r-i wl f r\ ' -'...'.' ¦'....'.¦¦¦¦¦ j ¦ '.'* ¦ -"Child Dies From Injuries.
SAX JOSE. April 5.— After suffer
ing with a badly fractured skull since
Sunday, George Limas. a seven-year
old boy, who was struck, by a train at
Milpitas Sunday afternoon." died this
morning. The child was playing
about the station at Milpitas when he
ran in front of the approaching train.
SANTIAGO Dli CHILE,. .'April .!».— Bubonic
p'aruf . of a bad character hae •. reappeared at
Antofa^aasta. . ' , ,
Arrangements Arc Made for the Re
ception of Pi-omotion Committee.
SANTA CRUZ. April fc.-_ The Cali
fornia Promotion Committee, which
will arrive here next Saturday, will be
given a reception. A band concert
also will be given and stereopticon
views of Santa Cruz will be thrown on
a canvas screen at the Esplanade. The
views will be used / in advertising this
city throughout the State.
SANTA CRUZ IS BUSY.
Mar C — In lot 11 S, long 35 ; W,-«tmr Mongo
lia, from Norfolk; for San Francisco.
Mar IS— In lat 4 S. long 33-.W.<Br bark An
nasnna. from Eureka, ' for/ Glasgow. > - > ¦• ;
Mar 18— In lat 3 -.N.; long 28 - W, Ger bark
Atalanta, .from ; Eureka, -for United -Kingdom
Mar. KO— In lat .38 <N, ' long, 13 • W, , Fr bark
Pierre Loti. from Penarth. for Honolulu. ; ..
Feb 15— In lat 13 S, long, 37 W. Br "ship
SPOKEN
POINT. LOBOS, April, 5, tO p. (m.— Weather
hazy;. wind NW; velocity.: 16 miles per hour.
..; Tuesday, April 5.
U S. stmr Daniel Mannlnc, Tuttle, cruise
in search of overdue schr. Kailua.
Htmr Mackinaw.: Storrs. Tacoma, ; .
Stmr Scotia, Johnson,; San Vicente • Landing:.
Stmr Maggie, Corning,. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr 'Bonlta. Gielow, San Pedro. <¦¦
, Stmr Montara, Reilly, Seattle.- .
• Stmr , Umatilla, Patterson. Victoria.
J Stmr - Alcatraz, Johnson, . San -Pedro.
Stmr Valencia. Boydr Seattle. ' '-. .^ ¦ ._
Stmr Hattie Gage. Fulton. Labasha Bay.
via Blalne . .; - -
'¦ Bktn Irmgard. Schmidt," Honolulu.
Schr Sailor' Boy, 1 Olsen, Caspar.. ..
V. ,. - TELEGRAPHIC. ,*-
SAILED.
CLEARED.
Tuesday,. April 5.
Stmr Hattie Gage. Fulton. Labasha Bay,
via Main* Alaska Packing Company.
Stmr. Valencia, Lloyd, Seattle, P C 6 S Co.
Stmr TJmatilla, Patterson, Victoria and Port
Townsend. PCSS t.'o.-
Sttnr Alexander, Fllton, whaling, H. Liebes
& Co. -¦ '. ; ¦ ¦'!¦¦ ¦ '¦¦ "-.. '- •-'.¦- ¦
. Bktn Fremont, . Kclton, codfishlng. Union
Fish Company. ¦. . , .. ¦
Seattle. ; ; ' '
Schr Joseph Rus?, Garskl. 15 hours from
Fort Bragg, in tow of tug Sea Rover.
Schr Ida Schnauer. Moller, 48 hours from
Eureka (Oakland direct). *.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 0 hours from Bo
dejta. ' , <
Tug Sea Rover, Thompson, 15 hours from
Fort Bragg, with schr Joseph Russ In tow.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. April 5.
I Stmr Spokane, Nopander, 17 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Alcatraz, Johnson, 14 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr George Loomis, Badger, SO hours from
Shipping Intelligence.
the Ship Drumcralg Company,
Limited, filed a maritime libel yester
day in the United States District Court
against the British ship Loch Trool
for. $28,21 3 damages. It is alleged
that the Loch Trool, by reason of the
negligence of her, officers *and crew,
collided * with the ship Drumcraig
while that vessel was moored at the
Oakland pier on March 10 of this
year.
Libel for a Collision.
leiialn the Promotion Committee.
SAN MATEO. April 5. — The follow
ing: well known citizens have been ap
pointed Jt>y President Duncan Hayne of
the Boju-d of City Trustees as a recep
tion committee to the excursionists of
the California Promotion Committee,
which will visit San Mateo next Sun
day: Alfred B. Ford, chairman; Henry
P. Bowie, Francis J. Carolan, Charles
W. Clark, D. W. Donnelly, F. S. Grum
mon. G. W. Hall, Edward W. Howard,
F. Paxson Howard, Henry p. Hull!
William B. Lawrence, Elliott McAl
lister, L. C. McAfee, Major A. H. Pay
son, Paul Pinckney and A. G. Van
Gorder. The comittee will meet Fri
day night to -complete all details for
the reception of the guests, who will
be shown every courtesy during their
brief stay and" given such entertain
ment as the occasion will permit.
Prominent Citizens Appointed to K11-
PREPARATIONS AT SAN MAT13O.
The body, of an unidentified man
was found yesterday morning floating
in the bay about half a mile from
shore, opposite Howard-street wharf.
It had been in the water about one
week and is that of a man five feet
eight inches tall, 175 pounds weight,
with light complexion, regular fea
tures, sandy mustache, small pug
nose and small chin. The clothing Is
a blue sack suit and black laced pat
ent leather shoes. Two penknives and
a key were all the property found in
the clothingi
Drowned Man Found.
1100 Monte Cristo 90
900 Home 1 6<>
SOO Claremont 63
Afternoon Session.
S50 Petroleum Center • M
,100 Twenty-eight Oil • 00
Receipts of Produce.
TOR TUESDAY. APRIL, 8.
Flour. Qr ska .. 2.885; Hides, No 7**8
Wheat, ctls .:.. 2,62fi|FeIts. No 3.sai
Barley r.tla 6, (598| Leather, rolls .. 155
Beans '*k« 348!Tallow. ctls ... 232
Corn 'West, ctls 600Wlne. gals T3.45O
Potatoes sks .. 1.239|Ralsln*. bxs ... SOT
Middlings sks. 20O|L.imn. bbls !H
Hay tons .... 6C9| Paper, rvama .. 1.37O
Wool bales ... 1R5I Quicksilver, flks. . 12T
Feed* sks .... 451|Sugar. ctls .:... I.00O
Onions, cks ... 21 j Brandy, sals .. 4.740
Mining Stocks.
. SAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANG8T.
Following were the sales on the San Fran*
Cisco Stock and .Kxchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes ....... 45 200 Mexican 2 40
100 Belcher .. 23 SOO Ophlr ........5 75
SOO Caledonia ...120 200 Overman 21
100 Challenge Con SO 10O Scorpion ..... 18
no« Con C & Va.l 85 300 Seg Belcher .. It
200 Con C & Va.l 90 300 Sierra Nev .. "71
500 Exchequer .. 20 1000 Utah 20
200 Hale & Norc. 8%
v>'/ -"Afternoon Session. '-\ : :
200 Andes 43j 6C0 Mexican 2 R0
100 Caledonia. ...1 15) 100 Ophlr 5 87lj
ICO Challenge Con .ti> loo Overman 22
1500 Con C & Va.l 851 200 Scorpion 15
100 Gould & Cur. 42| 100 Scorpion lfi
300 Hale &. Norc. m 200 Sierra Ner ... 75
200 Justice 03| 2fM> Union Con ...83
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE, rt—
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher ...... 23| 100 Mexican ...2 424
SOO Caledonia ...1 20| 200 Overman .... 2t
100 Con C & V.I 87m 1C0 Sierra Nev .. 73
100 Exchequer .. 20| 200 Sierra Nev .. 75
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 461 ICO Mexican 2 45
20O Caledonia ...120| 100 Ophlr 5 S7S
1C0 Con C & Va.l 85 3C0 Savage 32
100 Gould & Cur. 421 200 Scorpion ."15
100 Hale & Norc. S9| 1C0 Sierra Nev .. ?*
, .TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were tbe. sales on the. San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Little Ton .. 251 100 Mont Ton...l 32ti
100 MacNamara . 19! 10O Mont Ton ...I ru*»
1500 Mont Ton ..1 SOJirXO Ton Cclmont.. CO
Afternoon Session.
600 Paymaster 10|10W Ton & G W. 06
60O Ton Belmont. 60|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. April 5 — I p m .
Bid. Ask.! Bid Xsk
Alpha : 07 CSUastlce- ...I... k: " .4
Alta - OS OHlKentuck ca -a:
Andes ....... 4-"> 46|Keyes Graes.. SO a<»
Belcher S2 23|Lady Wash .. — W
Best & Belch.2 00 2 SUlMexlcan 2 40 • <-,
Bullion 00 lOjOcctdental ... R6 x-*
Caledonia ...1 15 1 20iOphlr ..5 S7t^ 6 0t>
1 Challenge Con 30 31|Overman ..... 21 •-:
Chollar 19 . 2n| Potosl ....... "6 "7
Confidence .*- DO/ 95 scorpion 15 _
Con C & Va.l SO 1 53!$avage .. 50 51
Con Imperial. 02 0:i|£«x Belcher ..14 15
Con N Y 01 Olisierra Nev .. 7" -\
Crown Point. IS 20iSllver Kill ;. 'M «>
East Sierra <N 05 n«:st Loala .... 10 l.'l
Eureka Con.. — .">"! Syndicate .... 04 0.1
Exchequer .." IS 20[l'n!on Con .. S.H S7
Gould & Cur. 42 4.tlUtah yj •»<>
Hale & Norc. SO 02|Ye!low Jacket 0" S3
Julia ........ 03 i>5!
TOXOPAH MINES
Bld.A S k.| Eid.Ask.
« olehan — lSiTon nclmont. 5s *>1
t*pcranta ... — UllTon A- Cal... — =t
I.lttl* ; Ton .. lrt — 'Ton & G W.. — (M
M«r.\«niara . IS 20lTon or Nev. .7 ", S .25
. Mlsi*h 1 Ex .. — =5|Ton N Star.. .TO 31
Mont Ton ..1 :u> 1 :w|Ton Midwav.. se rs
Paymaster ... 05 12|Ton Superior.. — 12
IUy Tonopah 14 — iKnlteU Ton .. 10 —
Ttay * OBrtcn *~ 031 West End ..' — J5
Rescue ...... 07 OS] ,
WASHINGTON, April 6. — On the
recommendation of the Secretary of
War the President has approved the
action of the court-martial in' the case
of Second Lieutenant , Frank Pratt.
First Infantry. That officer was con
victed of a series of offenses, includ
ing the duplication of his pay accounts
and the misuse of an expense account,
and was sentenced to be dismissed
from the army and to one year's con
finement in the penitentiary. ..¦¦.*'.
President Approves Verdict.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. ] From. Due.
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports. Apr. 6
Arcata Coos Bay &.Pt. Orford. Apr. (5
Mongolia Norfolk ....iU Apr. B
Jeanle Seattle & Tilcoma.". ... Apr. 6
HantaCruz... San Pedro & Way Pts. Apr. (>
Eureka Ilumboldt • Apr. 6
Senator Puget Sound Ports. ... Apr. 0
City of Para.. New York via Panama Apr. 6
Korea.. China & Japan Apr. 6
Czarina Coos Bay - .....Apr. 7
Klizabeth Coquille Kiver . . . .- Apr. 7
Argo Kel River Ports Apr. 7
Santa Rosa..' &an Diego & Way Pts. Apr. 7
Hero Oyster Harbor Apr. 8
Pomona Ilumboldt Apr. S
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Apr. tt
G. Lindauer.. CSrays Harbor Apr. 10
Centralla.... Grays Harbor Apr. 10
Honita Newport & Way Ports. Apr. 10
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma. Apr. 10
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom... . Apr. 10
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Apr. 11
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports... . Apr. 11
Callfornlan.. • New York -..Apr. 11
Spokane .. Ilumboldt Apr. 11
San Jose. New York via Panama Apr. 1U
Oregon Portland & Astoria.... Apr. 14
Marlposa Tahiti ................. Apr. 15
Gaelic China & Japan. ....... Apr. IB
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports. ... Apr. 1H
Amasls Seattle Apr. 16
Steamer. Destination. Salls.l Pier.
April 7. I
Spokane Humboldt ..... 1 30 p| Pier 0 I
Oregon..:.. Astoria &. Portland It am Pier 24
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Curacao...' Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
April 8.
Eureka..... Humboldt ......... 9 amIPIer 13
Arcata. Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am|Pier la
-April 9. I
Klizabeth. . Coquille River 10 amIPIer 20
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pmlPler 2
S. Cruz.... San Pedro & Way. » amIPIer 1">
Jeanie..... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmlPier 20
Newport... N. Y. via Panama 12 mfPlcr 40
Aureka....- Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 'i
/» April 10. ( . '
S. Rosa.... Pan Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Centralia Los Angeles Ports. 110 am Pier 10
Pomona.... Humboldt... 1 :30 p Pier l»
Senator Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
April 12. I | .
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portlandlll am|Pier 24
¦ April 13. II
Bonlta Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
April 14.
Ventura..:. Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier- 7
April 15.
CltyPuebla Puget Sound -Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor- ..... 4 pm Pier 10
April 16. I I
Korea...... China .& Japan... . 1 pmtPicr 40
City Para... N. Y via Panama 12 - mlPIer 40
V.FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. . ' For. : Sails. .
City Seattle.". Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 6
J. Dollar..... Valdez & Seward...:. Apr. 9
Dtrlgo...... .. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr.' 10
Bertha. ...... Valdez i Way; Ports. . Apr. 10
Alki... Skagway & Way, Ports. Apr. 12
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 13
Santa Ana. . :'. ; Valdez . &; Way Ports. Apr. 16
Movement of Steamers.
The barkentlne Irmgard sailed yesterday for
Honolulu with an assorted cargo valued at
120,719 and including the. following: 1750
bbls flour, 100,000 lbs sugar, 66 bxs splceg,
100O cals wine. 215,572 lbs bran. (i50 balea
hay. 14 c.tla wheat. 1933 ctls barley, 5340 lbs
meals?. 30.1SI lbs middlings. 6S ctls corn. 550
ctls oats, 120 casks bottled' beer, 60 cs whisky,
2H"> i»cs pipe. 2 cs dry goods, 2 C3 manu
factured tobacco.
A Small Cargo for Honolulu.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's Va
lencia sailed yesterday for Seattle, whence
she will go to Alaska. She carried a large
number of fishermen for the northern canneries.
The whaler Alexander hauled Into the stream
yesterday and will start on her cruise as soon
as she has shipped her crew.
Tho barkentine Kremont cleared yesterday
for a codflshlnK cruise.
The little steamer Hattie. Gage cleared yes
terday for Labasha Bay, via Hlalne.
The rate of reinsurance on the I^amorna was
advanced yesterday to 80 per cent.
J. S. Ritchie has resigned his position as su
perintending engineer at this port for the
American-Hawaiian Steamship Line. His suc
cessor will be H. J. Magruder, who was the
company's assistant superintending engineer at
New York. . Magruder is said to be a very
capable man anri his selection for this im
portant position is a recognition of valuable
services rendered. • ¦ ¦•
» .
Water Front Notes.
Now Superintending Engineer.
The United States revenue cutter Daniel
Manning went to sea yesterday In search of
the schooner Kailua, whose non-arrival from
Seattle is causing her owners considerable
anxiety. Shtr left Tugct Sound a month ago
and the fact that she was in the storm in
which it is feared the British ship Lamorna
was wrecked adds considerable to the fears for
her safety.
Will Seek the Kailua.
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
WASHINGTON. April 5. — The fol
lowing witnesses have been summoned
to appear before the Committee on
Privileges and Elections in the Smoot
case April 20: Angus -M. Cannon, Salt
Lake; George Teasdale, Nephi; John
W. Taylor, Salt Lake; John Henry
Smith, J. M. Tainer, Salt Lake; L. E.
Alcott, Farmington; B. H. Roberts.
Salt Lake; Moses Thr.tcher, Logan;
Heber J. Grant. Mathias F. Covvley,
Lillian Hamlin, Salt Lake.
Witnesses in Snioot Case.
Norris stated that the trust dictated
in one instance the size of paper a
newspaper should use, thereby pre
scribing-the kind of press that should
be operated.
WASHINGTON, April 5.-7The reso
lution of Representative Lilly instruct
ing the Secretary oi\Commerce and
Labor to Investigate the high price
and scarcity of news print paper and
the causes which have produced these
conditions was the subject of discus
sion to-day before the House Com
mittee on Judiciary. Don C. Seitz of
the New York World and John Xor
ris, business manager of the New York
Times, were heard. Both covered prac
tically the same ground in statements
that the International Paper Company
and the General Paper Company had
divided the United States between
them in the control of the news print
paper. The International controlled
all that section east of the Indiana line
and the General Company the terri
tory west of that line. „ This combina
tion, it was testified, had raised the
price of news paper during the last
four years $14 a ton and during the
past year as much as $5 a ton; it was
selling paper in London, counting the
freight and insurance, at 30 per cent
less than it did in New York.
Seitz declared that when the paper
trust was formed it took nearly all the
independent mills at prices not war
ranted by the condition of the prop
erty. It had $55,000,000 invested in
plants not worth over $25,000,000 and
was charging prices for paper to pay
dividends on the larger amount. -
INQUIRING INTO PRICES
OF NEWS PRINT PAPER
Five apprentice* on the British ship Falls of
Halladalp, lying: at Union-street wharf, had a
narrow escape y«>terday from being crushed
to death. They were on a staging suspended
over the ship's side engaged in chipping rust
from the plates near the water line. The gaso-'
line bchooner Expansion was testing the driv
ing power of a new engine. As she neared
the Hailadale her steering gear got out of. or
der. -The >ngln«-*wa3 stopped, but the heavy
schooner had considerable headway and was
making a course which would throw her
against the Halladale's side, about tbe place
where the five men worked on the staging.
Warnings were shouted in all directions, and
when the crash came the five sailor boys were
chinning for their lives up the slings in which
the staging hung. With all their activity,
however, some of them would have been killed
but for a slight changing oX the Expansion's
course, which caused her to veer away from
the Hailadale while there was still a space of
a foot between the schooner's wooden guard
and the ship's eteel side.
Sailors Un,vc Narrow Escape.
If the wreck of the Rio de Janeiro Is where
the latest alleged discoverers claim. It Is safe
from all the efforts of treasure hunters. Ac
cording: to Captain Whitelaw, who was taken
out yesterday to where the liner's bones are
wild to be resting, the wreck la lying in twen
ty-one fathoms of water. This is just about
two score feet too deep for salving operations,
even if the water were still and abovo what Is
claimed to be the Rio's grave, the tide races
like a runaway colt and never rests.
The most valuable part of the Rio's cargo
was a shipment of raw Silk. If recovered and
properly and promptly treated, experts say this
silk would still have rome value. The liner
alwo carried a large shipment of block tin.
Except for such change as might be in the
purser's safe. Rhc had no gold. The total value
of her carto was estimated at $800,000.
Wliitclnw Shatters RJo Dream.
Frank J. McGliuchey to Mary E, Matbews,
lot en S line of O'Farrell street. 137 :C W of.
Polk. W 27 :« by B 120; $10.
K. Warren to E!la R. Kelly, lot on N line
of Bush tstreet. 120 W of Franklin. W 26 by
N J"0; and all of estate of Bernard Kearns
(dereasefl). 26,718 in 2026 D. 353. quitclaim
deed; flOCO.
City and County of San Francisco to Cali
fornia Title Insurance and Trust Company, lot
on is line or Green street, 121:7 W of Octavla,
W 9:8 by S l:;T:«; $ .
Frank V". Acker to Eliza Acker, lot on W
line of Buchanan street. 102:9 S of Jackson,
S 2.1: 1 «i by W SO: gift.
Almond C. and Katherine Carvill to Carrie
D. Rudolph. lot on N line of Golden Gate a\e
nue. 137:0 W or Webtter street, W 34 :•»»<¦ by
N 137:6; $10.
Michael «nd Mary B. Carroll to Rudolph W.
ain' George H. Schmidt, lot on SW c-orner of
Fiilx-rt and II 11 more ttreets S r.5:« by W
100; $in.
David F. and Minnie McGraw to Albert
Hanson. !<>t on K line pi Stelner street. 55 N of
I't^t. N &¦'» by E 110; $10.
Frank A. Lawler to Anna E. Crowe, lot on
N line of I'ine street. 120 K of Central avenue,
K 2.*. by N 100: J10.
Thomas O'Shea to Mary .1. O'Shea, lot on K
litie of Williamson street, 475 N of l'oint Ix>bc*
av-nue, N 2.1 by K 120; also lot on W line of
Boyce ftrcet. 4S7 N of Point I»bos avenue, N
2.1 by IV 120; rift.
Ivdward J. and l£lizabeth F. Duffy to Kd
ward L. I<andegrt.>n, lot <>n W line of De Long
avenuv, £58:* N of Frederick, N 50 by W 80;
510.
I'arifie Impiwvenicnt Company to George W.
and Hattt? Mcnsor, lot on N line of Carl
street. 100 W of Clayton. W 25 by N 100; $10.
'.'aiheiine M. Atkinson to Carrie K. Grecre
l>aum. lot commencing; at a line 127 r-S 1 .* X of
Clay street and «>::? W of Locust avenue, N
27:*'.« by W «>:»; $10.
!fan» to Sigmund Feuchtwanger. lot on W
line <>f Locust avenue, 127 :SU N of Clay, N
27:8U by W GS:9; $10.
James C. Jordan to John and Alexandria
Warv.i<-k. lot K line of Michigan street, 6bO:5
N ol Richmond avenue. N :'~;:4 by K 'J5; $10.
Iloman Catholic Archbishop of Pan Francisco
(religious corporation sole) to Peter 1>. Findlay,
lot on S line of Sixteenth street. 29S:6 E of
Dolores, K BS by S 110; $10.
Augustus J. Kunkrn to I'aul A. G. Paulsen,
lot on W iine of Sanchez street. N of Four
teenth. N 26 by \V 100: $10.
John Center to Herbert F. Crichton. lot on
W line of York street, 227 tf of Twentieth. S
2T< by W ]0O; $lo.
Same to Edward II. Gieb. lot en W line of
York btrcet. 202 S of Twentieth, S 23 by \V
too: $n».
Estate of Catherine Cook (by William Cook,
executor) to Georjre I*, and Nellie McAullffe,
lot en K line of Florida street. 104 N of Twen
ty-third. N 20 by E 100; *10<K).
Marsaret McNally to Mary E. McNally. lot
on W line of Chattanooga etreet. 53 S of Twen
t> -second. S by W 100; "$10.
Ada S. ShaJburnc to Margaret McNally. lot
on W line of Diamond street. SB S of Twcnty-
F.xtli. i» 2S by W t*o. quitclaim deed; $lt>.
Blanche WhitweJI to Louis II. Boncstell.
undivided two-ninth? of lot on E line DC Stock
ton «>treet, 137 :t> X of Bush, X 47 by E lU7:t>;
grant.
C. K. and Cutler C. Bone^tcll to same, undi
vided iwo-n!ntht< of same; grant.
Cornelius J. Uarrnn to Fred B. Wetherbee.
Jot on W line of Stockton Btrcet. 75 N of Fran
ciwo. N M by W «*:»; $io.
John J. Lynch to same, same: $U'.
E. A. BridKford to Neva B. Butler, let on
N\V line of Folsum Ftreet, 325 NE of Sixth.
Mv r<0 by NW S5; $10. '
Charles S. and Mary E. Nathan to Minnie
B. Owenx. lot on 5>E line of Clary street, 225
BW of Fifth, (-W 25 by SE 80; $10.
Thomas and Catherine E. Mitchell to Chris
•trplier It. Mitchell, lot on W line of Utah
Btret-t. 25 X of Twenty-fifth. X 25 by W 100;
$10.
Charles H. Bru*ab*T to Amalie Brusaber. lot
on \V line of Tennessee street. 341:0 N of
TwillUT UPtond. N ;?{:«> by W 100: also lot on
NW corner of Sierra and Tennetssee streets,
W 25 by N 81 :6; gift.
M»rie and Louis T. Hansen to William J.
and Annie E. Smale, lot on S line of Lake
street. 32:0 XV of Fourth avenue, W 25 by a
100; $10.
John J. Lynch to same, lot on SW corner of
Fourth avenue and Lake etreet, W C2:6 by S
I0O; $10.
Jessie M Cox «wlfe of C. S.) to Nathaniel
and Ellie F. Damuth. lot on W line of Sixth
avenue. 75 S of Lake street. S 25 by W 115;
$10.
Farah J. and Frank F. Dieren to Judah I.
Baber. lot on E line of Fourth avenue. 125 S
of Clement Ftreot. S 20 by K 120; $10.
G'H>rRp L. Reod to Estcel E. Itced, lot on
W line of Fifth a\«»nuc. 200 N of Clement
street. N 25 by W 120: gift.
IJzekiel and Hose Redmond to James A.
nyan, lot on W line of Fifteenth avenue,
SHSltl S of Point I<ol>os avenue, S 70:3. W
«3:8. NW 71:1. E 7:5:10; $10.
Bay District I^and Company (corporation) to
J;.ni' .-, C. Brown', lot on NE corner of Fourth
avenue nnd C str«»t. N 60 by K 05; $10.
John A. &nd Julia A. McLood to Rudolph
Marquard. lot on E line of Eighth avenue,
2rw X of K street. N 23 by E 12O: $10. -
Georre C. Oare to Jennie G. Clare. lot on
K line of Tenth avenue. 262:0 N of N street.
N 37:6 by E 120: gift.
Georro M .Mitchell to George F. Atkinson,
lot on W tine of Nineteenth avenue, 250 S or
N street. W 120 by S 25: gift.
Same to same, lot en W line of Nineteenth
avenue. 225 S of N street. W 120 by S 25; $lu.
London and San Francisco Bank. Limited,
to Katherine M. Ball, rerecord 11K». d 55, lot on
SE corner of Forty-fifth avenue and R street.
E 140, S 100. V.' 20. S 200, W 120. N 300; al»o
lot on NW corner or Forty-fourth avenue and
S street. W 100. N 100, W 20, JC 200, E 120,
S noo: $10.
Estate of 'William WainTrricht. by .Harry
II. YValnwrlght. udmlnistrator. to Annie W..
Mathewf. let on W line of Thirty-ninth ave
nue. 300 S of V street, P 25 by W 120: $50.
Samuel B Sutton to Adolph N Roth, lot 1069.
Gift Mao 2; $5.
Henry C. and Charles A. Bennett to Ann)?
Furnlss <Hox«>li). lot «n NW line of Vienna
street. 100 SW of Japan. SW 50 by NW 100.
block 53. Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Mary C. Burns «»-tfe of Thomas A.) to Owen
J. McLaucMin. undivided if of lots <H0. «42,
044. «4«. «50. 652. fi54. 656. C38. C60, «41, 643.
Ci\ C47 to 049. Gift Map 3: $10.
Rosco R. Royal to Su«n Royal (wife), lots
1 and 1«. block 20, West End Map I: rift.
John B. and Jennie Qoneo to George H. and
Hermine J. Cormell. lot on NW line of Ar
linctor rtreet. 75 NE of Miguel. XE 25 by
NW 10O. lots 1 and 2. block 10. Falrmount
Tract; $H».
Odd Fellow** Cemetery Association to Splro
G. Janovich. let In Cemetery : ?250.
Same to John Caftcrnetto. came: $575.
Peter and Hannah Tamony to Martin and
Krik»». Peterfion, lot on E line of Anderson
street. 225 S of I*ugcn'a avenue. S 25 by E 70
lot =34. Gift Man 1 : $10.
Builders Contracts.
E. Glrard (owner) with O. A. Craemer (con
tractor), architect Jules Godart— All work for
a three. story frame building <f!ats) on W line
of Laguna street. 125 X of Green. N 25 by W
137 :«. Western Addition bjock 244; $S5S4.
Charles Clarke (owner) with John H. Mun-
Bter & Co. (contractors), architects John &
Zlmmcrmann— All work except painting, gas
fitting, plumbing, sewering, shades, mantels
and gas fixture* for a three-story frame build
ing on NE <-orner of Sacramento and Walnut
street*. E K7:<J by N ?7:S»i: S12.IR5.
Same owner with Henry Hufschmidt' (con
tractor), architect name — Gas fitting. • plumbing
and M>w«MiPR for pam» on «am«; $10SC.
¦ fria me owner with Charles Hoevcr. (contrac
tor), architect 'same — Painting and varnishing
for came on same; $1060.
MONDAY. APRIL 4
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
WASHINGTON. April 5.— The labor
troubles on the Isthmus of Panama,
growing out of the strike of the em
ployes of the Panama Railroad Com
pany, have taken a serious turn, and
the facts have been reported to the
State Department by the United States
Charge at Panama. The matter was
deemed of sufficient importance to war
rant consideration at length at the Cab
inet meeting to-day, and the unani
mous opinion was that everything pos
sible'should be done to avoid an entan
glement of the United States Govern
ment in any labor controversy. But it
also was determined that the Govern
ment would not withhold in any degree
the protection to the Panama Railroad
which It had assumed by treaty, and it
was directed that the railroad proerty,
rolling stock, track and terminals
should be protected by forces from the
United States warships at the isthmus,
if that became necessary.
No compulsion will be exercised
against the strikers to compel them to
return to work. If the railroad man
agement can secure a sufficient force oC
men to operate the road they will be
upheld In such an attempt. This will
be done with the full consent of the
Panama Government, though under
broad treaty provisions this is not ab
solutely necessary.
Secretary Moody was charged with
the duty of carrying out this decision,
and with instructing Admirals Glass
and Sigsbeo as <o the course they shall
pursue.
There is ample force on the isthmus
for any emergency. .
The Egyptian agreement does not af
fect Great Britain's protectorate over
Egypt, being confined to the adminis
tration of the Egyptian debt. Great
Britain having a larger latitude in dis
posing of the surplus without the con
currence of France. France gets, im
proved facilities in reaching Lake
Tchad and other points in French Cen
tral Africa. This concession is a par
tial return for the surrender of her
sovereignty over the Newfoundland
shore.
The indications are that the treaty
will go strengthen the French position
that her North African empire will
eventually stretch westward to the At
lantic.
The main points are settled, but there
are some details capable of causing
delay. For instance, the Newfoundland
Government does not wish the French
fishermen to retain the right of
catching their own bait off shore.
However, this is considered a minor
detail and not likely to affect the gen
eral agreement. France surrenders her
sovereignty over the Newfoundland
shore, and receives an indemnity. The
latter is twofold — '
First, for French individuals giving
up property along the surrendered
shore, and,
Second, for the French Government'*
relinquishment of its sovereignty.
The reports current setting .forth the
amount of the indemnity are Inac
curate, as it is the present intention
to submit the amount of the indem
nity to The Hague tribunal.
Morocco will figure In the treaty,
and, according to the French view, will
be the most Important subject.
PARIS. April 5.— Foreign Minister
Delcasse had a long conference to-day
with Paul Cambon, French Embassa
dor at London,, relative to the Anglo-
French colonial treaty, settling several
long-pending issues, principally In re
gard to Morocco, Egypt and New
foundland. Cambon will return to
London to-morrow, and it Is the ex
pectation that the treaty -will be sign
ed toward the end of the present week.
J. W. Amrath. S. L. Abbot Jr., Edward
P. Antron, H. A. Avcry. C. a. Alken. Leo E.
Alexander, M. S. Alexander. Paul Bancroft.
H* P. Band, Fred W. Boole, David Bu«h.
Hen»-y Brune. E. A. Barnhard. J. L. Bley,
W. A. Beard, C. Itolte. B. Bradley, Harry
Babcock, Clarence Ludlow Brownell, R. A.
Crothers. Charles Carry. George C. Codding.
C. II. Crocker, Dr. Charles V. Cross, James
IV-nman, William W. Doamer, Dr. A. A.
D'Ar.cona. Dr. P. de Vccclii, John T. Dare,
Arthur E1<x>spct. Charles W. Kay. M. J.
Fontana. Thomas Fletcher, Sanford Fifjcn
hauin, Kdmond Godchaux. J. T. Gilmartln. F.
Gottfried. William Gussfeld, H. K. Gregory,
II. R. Gundlach, N. B. Greenaf elder. Charles
H. Ham, K. L. Heuter, R. B. Hale. Harry
How*>ll, A. G. Hagerdorn. John Galen How
aid. C. F. Humphrey. L. Hcynemami. M. Har
ris. Milton Heynemann. Henry Hoffman Jr..
David Htarr Jordan. Rufus P. Jennings. Floyd
S. Judah. Fred J. Konter, Charles Keeler T
B. Lyman. /W. W. Lyman. R. P. l,athro:>!
William Loe-ue, I»uis Lisser. Henry G.
Meyer. James McNab, John McNaught, F : V*
Nelson. II. C. Norton, II. R. Newbauer" J.'
C. Nolan, Arthur O. Nason. E. B. Norton
Joseph O. Connor, F. S. Oifgood. M. V. Pol
Hteo, J. M. Patrick. J. A. Pedler. Alex I'
Peer*. C. II. Pierce. William Rleger. 11 f'
Pendleton. P. C. Rossi. R. L. Radke W G*
Richardson. 17. G. Richards, George, Roeth*
H. H. Sherwood. Richard Schmidt, Rufus M*
Stcele. Carl H. Schmidt, sCharles K. Schneclv"
A. Sbarboro, Charles Stallman, Frank j
Symmes, Carl Schilline. Paul Shoup, Georce
W. Turner, R. L. Toplitz, J. Parker Whit
ney, William M. Weil, T. J. WelFh. Gustave
Wormscr. C J. Wetniore. R. C. Warner. Wal
ter J. Wilson. Benjamin Ide Wheeler, Kills
R. Wales. Parker Whitney. From I^os An-
Keles and vicinity— J. J. Byrne. A. B Cass
J. A. Foshay. J. B. Fishburn, H. E. HuntinK
ton. Frank W. Kin*. J. O. Koopfll. Homer
Lauirhlin, J. L. Mathe»on, M. H. Newmark
J. R. Newberry. George A. Parkyns. Ferd K
Rule. C. M. Seeley. Mayor M. I'. Snyder A
EL Skinner. M. H. Sherman, Robert Wan
kowtiki, W. D. Woolwlne. W. J. Washburn
The party will arrive at Los Ange
les to-morrow at 7 a. m.; at San Pe
dro at S:45 a. m.; at Los Angeles on
the return from San Pedro at 10:30
a. m.; at San Diego at 3 p. m.; at
Coronado Beach at 6:30 p. m.; at San
Diego at. 11:15 p. m. The party will
leave San Diego at 3 a.' m. Friday
and view Santa Ana, Orange, Arling
ton, Riverside, Redlands and Pasa
dena and arrive at Los Angeles again
at 5 p. m. The start from Los Ange
los will be a't 2 a. m. Saturday. Dur
ing the day Santa Barbara, San Luis
Obispo, Paso Robles, Salinas and Wat
sonville and Santa Cruz will be visit
ed. The arrival at Santa Cruz is set
down for 7:4 5 p. m. Saturday.' Santa
Cruz will be left at 5 a. m. Sunday.
Hollister, San Jose, Santa Clara, Palo
Alto, Redwood City, San Mateo and
Burlingame and the ride through the
Santa Clara Valley by trolley are the
attractions for Sunday. The party is
due to arrive in San Francisco at 6
p. m. Sunday. The list of those who
will travel with the party, as made
up yesterday, includes the following:
LIST OF THE TOURISTS.
Palo Alto — Drive about city and to Leland
Stanford Jr. ITniversity; organ recital In
memorial chapel. •
San^Mateo — Drive about city and to Bur
linframe. taklne train at latter place.
Redwood City — Drive about city
San Jose — Trip through Panta Clara Valley,
stopping at I/os Gatos and at Saratoga: re
turn to San Jose; luncheon at Hotel Vendome.
Salinas — Visit to sugar factory.
Watsonville— Public reception at rajaro Val
ley Board of Trade.
Santa Cruz— Dinner at Sea Beach Hotel;
reception at hotel.
HcIIUter — View surrounding country; break
fast.
OX HOMEWARD JOURNEY.
Riverside — Train stops at Arlington; tally-ho
from there to Riverside; luncheon at Hotel
New Glen wood. , *
Redlands— Drive about city and environs.
Los Angeles— Trip about city; dinner at
Hotel. AnKclus; public reception at Los An
geles Chamber of Commerce. . •
Santa Barbara— Surf bathing; breakfast at
Hotel Potter; drive about city and environs.
San Luis Obispo — Drive showing points of in
terest; visit to Polytechnic School.
Paso P.ohles — Luncheon at Hotel Paso de
Rcbles.
San Pedro — Trip on steamer Warrior about
San Pedn»- harbor.
San Dfero— Trolley ride about the city and
environs; dinner at Coronado Hotel. ,
Santa Ana— Breakfast at Hotel Rossmora;
thirty minutes* drive from Santa Ana to
Oranse. .
The third excursion of the Califor
nia Promotion Committee will begin
to-day. The party will leave the foot
of Market street at 3. o'clock this af
ternoon. An elaborate programme
•has been prepared for. *.he tour to the
southern portion of the State and in
the central coast counties. The^spe
cial features are summed up in the
official itinerary card, as follows:
Los Angles— Breakfast at Hotel Westmin
ster; twenty-five Los Anceles men Join the
excursion.
Pleasing Events Arranged to
Enable Passengers to View
Country With Benefit
Agreement as to Morocco
Will Strengthen the Posi
tion of France in Africa
Secretary Moody Is Instruct
ed to Order Admirals to
Land Marines if Necessary
TO PKOTECT EAILROAD
MAIN POINTS SETTLED
VISITING MANY PLACES
The Union Lumber Company has
chartered the bark Vidette and the
barge (formerly the bark) Tidal Wave
and will put both Into commission car
rying lumber between Fort Bragg and
this port. They will be towed both
ways. Other mills are making similar
arrangements and the local market will
soon again be receiving its regular sup
ply of lumber from the northern coast
The trouble between the steam
schooner owners and their employes
seems to be further from prospect .of
settlement than ever, and in view of
the withdrawal of the steamers from
the coast trade for an indefinite period
the lumber people are making other
arrangements to get the product of
their mills to market. The plan in
course of. adoption promises active em
ployment for many otherwise idle sail
ing vessels and will keep the available
sea, going towboats working at high
pressure.
The Fort Bragg Lumber Company
was the pioneer in the effort to get
along without the steam schooner. It
chartered the schooners Falcon and Jo
seph Russ and the \ tug Sea Rover
and has kept the little fleet on the
move since putting its plan into ope
ration. The Rover towed the Falcon
and Rusff to Fort Bragg. While the
company was loading them the tug re
turned and took the schooner Bella
from here to Caspar. From there the
Rover went to Fort Bragg and took in
tow the loaded. Joseph Russ, arriving
here with her yesterday. The Russ had
on board 276.00Q feet of lumber. The
Falcon, with 270,000 feet of lumber on
board, arrived here Monday, having
sailed down. Taking the liuss to her
berth, the Sea Rover passed a hawser
to the schooner Sailor Boy and left
with her yesterday afternoon for Cas
par.
' Howth, hence Oct 12 for Liverpool. (Report
ed arrival at Liverpool on Mar 14 was erro
neous.)
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Apr 5— Schr Po
laris, from Manila.
VALDEZ— Sailed Mar 31— Stmr James Dol
lar, for Seattle. Apr 1-Stmr Santa Ana, for
Seattle. Apr 4— Stmr Newport, for Seattle.
TACOMA— Sailed Apr 5 — Stmr Mlneola, for
San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND — Arrived Apr 4— Schr Ex
celsior, from San Pedro.
COOS BAT — Arrived Apr 5— Stmr Signal,
hence Apr 2.
Sailed Apr 4— Stmr Czarina, for San Fran
cisco. * . •
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Apr 5 — Schr
W. F. Jewett, from Redondo: schr Spokane,
from Port Gamble,: for San Franctsco; schr
Mildred, from Honolulu: Br tship Lucipara;
from Tyne; Br ship Fortevlot, from Victoria,
for Tacoma; schr F. S. Redfield, ¦•from Olym
pia, for San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Apr 3— Stmr G.
C. Lindauer. hence. Mar 31; stmr jCentralla,
hence Mar 31.
Sailed Apr 3— Stmr Bea, for San Francisco. •
Arrived Apr 4 — Schr E. K. Wood, henc«
Mar 27.
TATOOSH— Passed Apr 0 — Schr Spokane,
from Port Gamble, for San Francisco.
Passed outward Apr 5— Stmr Mineola, from
Tacoma. for San Francisco; Nor stmr Hero,
from Oyster - Harbor, for San Francisco.
JUN'EAU— Sailed Apr 6, at 2 a m— Stmr
Portland, for Seattle.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Apr &— Bktn John C.
Meyer, from Everett."
Sailed Apr 6 — Schr Fanny Dutard. for Grays
Harbor: stmr San Gabriel, for Eureka.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Apr 6 — Stmr
Edith, from Tacoma. -
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Apr 8— Schr
Louise, for . . \
UMPQU A— Arrived Apr 2— Schr Lily, hence
Mar 27.
PORT HARFORD— Railed Apr 5. 7 p m —
Stmr Santa Cruz, for San Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived Apr 5 — Stmr Pomona,
hence Apr 4.
Sailed Apr 6— Stmr Eureka, for San - Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Apr 6-rBr stmr Inver
ness, from Victoria.
, ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Apr 4— Bark Annie
Johnson, hence Mar 6, and not sailed, as pre
viously-reported.
Sailed Apr 4— Bark Mohican, for Ban Fran
cisco. •
Arrived Apr 6 — Schr .Aloha, hence Mar 6,
and not as previously reported.
HILO — Sailed Apr 1 — Stmr Texan, for Dela
ware Breakwater.
EASTERN PORTS.
CAPE HENRY— Passed Apr 4— Ship Shen
andoah. from Baltimore, for San Francisco.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed Apr
4— Fr bark Alice Marie, hence December 16,
for Philadelphia.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived Mar 28— Br stmr
NliiK Chow, from Clyde, for Vancouver.
Sailed ADr 5 — Stmr China, for San Fran
cisco.
PANAMA— Arrived Mar 27— Stmr Acapulco,
hence Mur 5.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Mar 22— Ger stmr Ti
berius, from New York.
PENANG— Sailed Mar 21— Br stmr Oanfa,
for Liverpool i
NEWCASTLE, AUS.— Sailed Mar 26— Br
bark Woollahra, for San Francisco.
3AN BENITO— Sailed Mar 17— Ger stmr
.Memphis, for Hamburg.
CLYDE — Arrived Mar 17 — Br itmr Calchas,
from London, for Seattle.
ANTWERP— In port. Mar 25— Br ship Pe
leus. for San Francisco; Br ship British Isles,
for Pan Francisco; bark Homeward Bound,
for San Francisco; Br ship Matterhorn, for
San Francisco; Br ship Granada, for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed Mar 23 — Ger bark Bertha, for San
Pedro.
GENOA — In port Mar 20 — Br ship Lynton,
for Ran Francisco.
GUATEMALA— Sailed* Mar 13— Ger stmr
Nauplla, for •
LUNDY ISLAND— Passed Apr 4— Br ship
f supposed): British ship Scottish Moore, from
Tacoma, for . .
HAMBURG — In port Mar 22 — Br ship Bar
fillan. for San Francisco, via Antwerp. Mar
30— Ger bark Anna, for Oregon.
SUEZ — Arrived Apr 3"— Br stmr Claverburn,
from Manila, for Marseilles.
SYDNEY— In port Apr 1— Br ship Braca
dale. for San Francisco, via Newcastle, Aus.
TENERIFFE— Sailed Mar 22— Ger stmr
Denderah. for San Francisco. .
VICTORIA— Arrived April B — Br ship Lu
cipara. from Seattle; Br stmr Agamemnon,
from Mororan.
Sailed Apr 5 — Br stmr Inverness, for Port
land; Br ship Forteviot, for Port Blakcley.
; OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived Apr 5 — Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm II, from Bremen; stmr L'Aquitalne,
from Havre.
Sailed, Apr 5 — Stmr Potsdam, for Rotter
dam: stmr Bordeaux, for Havre: etmrCltta*
fii Napoll, for Naples and Genoa; etmr Pa
tricia, for Hamburg; stmr Armenian, for Liv
erpool.
BREMEN— Arrived Apr 5— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der Groese, from New York, via Ply
mouth.
LONDON — Arrived Apr 5 — Stmr Mcsaba.
from New York.
TENERIFFE— Arrived Apr 4— Stmr Aby
dos, from San Francisco, via Central and
South American ports, for Hamburg.
Labor Troubles on Isthmus
of Panama Are Considered
dt Length by Cabinet
All Colonial Disputes to
Be Adjusted by Conven
tion Soon to Be Signed
Excursion of California Pro
motion Committee Begins
To-Day With Large Party
Lumbermen Charter Sailing Vessels and Tug Boats to Take
the Place of the Steam Schooners, Which Will Lie Idie
Until Their Owners and Crews Settle Their Difficulties
BUSINESS MEN
READY TO TOUR
WILL GET PRODUCT
OF MILLS TO MARKET
STRIKE ANNOYS
GOVERNMENT
ANGLO-FRENCH
PEACE TREATY
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL; V WEDNESDAY, APRIL 6. 1904.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Water*
¦ i at • Fort * Point, / entrance to San Fanclsco
" ' Bay. Published : by official authority of ,th»
¦Superintendent.^- : " • •
NOTE— The high • and low waters ,, occur at
the city; front (Mission-street wharf) about .25
Sun. Moon and Tide.
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at, both places. ' .
WEDNESDAY. APRIL. 6. •'
Sun rise* . . . ; .....5:47
Sun sets .., .....::. tj:37
Moon' rises ......0:03 a. m.
O: Time) ITime! Time I Time ~~
.£';. 1 Ft. ! 1 Ft.' Ft. Ft.
• H W] ' |LW| JH W| L. W
.6 I 3:211 B.0|10:25 0.61 6:3/1 4.2 10:171 3 2
7 I 4:22 4.T|11:27 0.7 6:38 4.2 11:42 • 8.2
8 B:29 4.5112:23 0.7 7:371 4.4 .... I
L W II W L W . . H W
9 0:63 3.1 6:37 4.4 1:15 0.S 8:23 ¦¦" 4.7
10 1:51 2.8 7:42 4.4 2:01 0.0 0:02 4 Si
11 ,2:40 2.4 8:40 4.5 1:46 ,1.1 0:37 8.0
l'J> 3:18 2.0 9:30 ' 4.B 3:23 1.2 10:U7 5.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early, raorningr. tides arc given in the left
hand column, and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: tho
fourth 'time column 'gives the last 'tide aft the
day. except when . there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The . heights > Riven are - In
addition to the soundings of the United Stair*
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— •>
sign precedes the height, and then the number
riven is subtracted from the depth Riven 'by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mtan
of the lower low waters, ,
Branch Hydrographlc Of flee. ; U. S. N.. tMer
chants' Exchange. San . Francisco. Cal.,
. April 6 1004. :' ; . •>
- The Time /Ball ' on •- the tower of the Ferry
building' was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1 e at noon or the 120th meridian." or- at 8
p. jii. Greenwich time, j: C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U.S.;N., In charge.
Time Ball.
14
DEATH NOTICES.
• Continued From Page Thirteen.
Bertha C * Armstrong. dearly beloved
<J«U6hter cf the late J. G. «nd Amanda A.
' wniVtror.ir. iind Ustcr of Mrs. J P. Hayd-eji.
v r , ,¦ i,and.«trom. Mrs. G. Crocker. Mrs.
W Tchnsti Mr*. F. Lindblade and G. aud
V ' ArmMrons. a native of California.
r-Tf* r i^r<ls and Hcqua!rnanc»-e arv i-*spect-
•*ul!v !n^itcd to attend the funeral to-d»y
.Wednesday* at 2 o'clock, from the family
residence. "lP°» California strtct. Crrmatton
J. O. O. F. Cemetery, by her rrqueet.
ASHBM'GH— In »h«» City and County Hos-
pital, April 5. 1904. Nora A^hbaugh. a r.a-
tl\* of Minnesota, aged 31 years.
BM'HE-ln this city. April 4. 11HM. Chsrle» L.
HacJiP. a native of San Francisco, aged M
' CTN^ice of funeral hereafter. Rptnair.*
i.t the undertaking parlors of Uccheri. L>u-
« los & Co.. »C9 Broadway.
•FARR-ln thi* City. April 5. W*. Sister Mary
Bcrtrand Barr (Sister of Mercy) daughter
or Mrs B. Bsrr and th* Ute >e;l D. Barr.
r native of Philadelphia. Pa., aged 4S years
1 month «.nd 13 days. . ,
t7"A wui<-m masi. will be celebrated for
ih«- i»po*c of her *oul Thurtday. April .. at
U oclo»-k a. tn.. at tho chap-el of the 1 as-
sion First street, between Brjant and Mar-
.i«on. Interment private. Holy Cross «. eme-
ur.v.
BEASLET-In Mm city. April 4. 1W4. Jo-
hanna Beafley. Isi»- of Smnrtsvill*. P"*?,."*^
I«v«k1 mother of Richard. John end \\ illiam
B^aHloy. and Mr? D. F. Buckley. Mm. F. 1
W Melbeck and the late Mrc. J. P. Sn J lth -
a native or County Cork. Ireland, af ea .» ,
>ea'-» ."S months nnd 4 day*.
. CyFrien.ir and acquaintance* ere r»epect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• VkV^nefdayt. at S:3" o'(lo.-k. from her late
uttidcnce. M9R Vellejo street, thence to R.
rranci» <tjur<-h tor services. Interment
Holy Oro»s cemetery. Picas* omit flowers. |
BHATTT— In this city. April h. 1JH.4. J«|»«
A.. drarU belmcd son of Annie and the late
.lame* Bf»tty. ar-i beloved brother of Wil-
liam T. Heatty. Mrs If. IJotid ai»d Mr?. A.
<"l»>yburp. :• native of San Francisco.
(CTThe funeral will tske- pla«-e. to-morrow
'Thursdayt. «t 1" odork, from the resl-
<1e n ce of hin mother, Mrs, A. Beatty. 1.C9
Tetitli »vfnw, South San FtSBCteea. IntT- !
nient frivate.
BERKEDO— In this city. April ft. 1904. 6te-
fanR C. Bernedo. a native of Italy, aged OS :
>'ai; 10 montlw. and 2i days.
CT'Noti<«; of funeral hereafter.
BolLTOX — In thlF city. April 4. 19O«. of
diphtheria. Sybil. Iv-lox-d «1auphter of E. A.
end Minnie Boulton. a native of Caiifornia.
nurd 9 years 6 months and 1 da? .
« -L»:Mi;NT-In this «-tty. Aj>ril 4. 1004. Itene
i". 4'leinent. a native nf London. Ungland. :
*cr4 23 year*. <Nrw York and London pa- \
pen t>lra.«e i-opy. I
C7¦Frieu<i^ an.l acquaintancen and meiu-
brn of the Theatrical Mechanical Aeeocia-
lion are respectfully invited to attend the
¦uneral to-morrow <TT.ui>Jay>. at 9 o'clock,
:t<-ni the funeral parlom of McGinn Bros..
ZSt'SSt M.AUister street. Interment Cy-
».reM. •.,%¦¦ Ometery. by electric car leav-
inik Klghfenth iind Guerrero streets.
O'U.IXS In (Stockton. Cal.. April 4. 1JXM.
I'ennin Joseph, beloved son of Bridr»t and
the Inte Timothy Collins, a native of Stixk-
ti-n, I'al.
tJTKri>-na!i arid acquaintance? are respect -
PoltJ invit-yj la «;;•—,•' the funeral to-<iay
• WrdsicMlayt. at ls:o« o'cli«ck. from tbe resl-
iirn.F of his mother. WH) Buchanan ttreet,
UiriMC to Saotert Heart «'hurch. where a re-
•iiprin niahs will be <.-elebratfd for the re-
i"*o of Ms BOUL at 9 o'clock. Interment
lloly Cro>s Cemetery.
C«»P1:LAN1»— At Hurle>. Wash.. March "i».
IWH. Hev. William Ellery Copeland. agel
< ."• nan.
CIM1!1MJI--In t=an Hafacl. Cal.. April 4.
11W4. Thomas- <;uriiinincs i . beloved husband of
Annie M. CUmmincR. father of Mary U.,
Aliiia K. Thomas J and Julia T Cuminings,
and brother of the late Michael Cuinminps
t-l Santa Rota, aped <J2 yrars and 3 mouthy.
Cy Friends piid acquaintances arc reflect -
'ull\ invited to attend the funeral to-day
|TT« ilmiilj >_ at 9 o'clock, from his late
i*Tiden<-». on Tliir'l Ftreet. then** to St.
rstifihaer* Church, \>iie.r«» a solen.n fict: mass
tv ill be celebrated lor the repow of his eoui.
Interment Santa Ko*8. Rrmalne to be taken
ti> Santa Rosa from San K.-fjc ! on 11 o'clock
-. ¦ • !¦•'¦ train. |
CIXNJ.VGIIAM — In this city. April 3. 1JX4,
liannali. beloved wife of John Cunningham,
mother of John D. Cunningham, daughter of
ihe late Hu-hard and Mary Hanlon, and lov-
ing Fistcr of saraii and Lawrenw Hanlon.
Mi*. J. Trapp and Mr*. A. Cunningham, a
native o f San Francisco, aj^ed o2 years II
months and ;: <jn>« 1 .
C^FrirnJi? and acquaintances are respect -
Hilly invited to attend tho funeral to-<lay !
< \\ *-dne*day». «t 9 o'clock, from the reti- '
•leni.-e of h<-r «=i?ter. Mrs. J. Trapp. 421 Hai-
nson etre*-t. thence to St. Hrendan's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repoee of her soul, commenc-
ing at fl:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
. Cemetery. '
DAVIS— In the Oty and County Hospital.
Apiil 5. 1!*H. l»ora I)avi«. a native of Ten-
n«SFee. are*l IN veers.
IXlU — In this city. April 5. 1»(H. Mrs. Maud j
Ih>w. aged :Ui years. '.
lj<t\VNS— In this olty. April r.. 1J><M. Michael.
. IxMoveo 1 brother of Jamen l>own». and uncle
< * Mrs. <;eorg«> I>olan and Mary Uerniee
I tOTrs. a ratUe of Ireland, aged 74 years
« Brmtha ar-d :» days.
tLTFrien«J* and acquaintances are rerpe?t- j
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
April V. at K:."!0 o'clock, from his late resi-
• l»n«.-e 1W.1 Hyde street, thence to St. Brig-
ide Church, where a sfilemn requiem high
irises will be celebrated for the repow of his
soul, i-ommenflnc «t V o'clock. Interment
Holy Orose t'emetery.
Fi.KHAN— In this city. April 4. -1SO4. Ursula
K. Feehan. a native <if Santa Rosa.. Cal.,
aged years «nd 23 days.
POCEU-fa this cit>. April 4. 1SMM. Mrp. Tina
Kogf-1, belPWBd wifp of the late Benjamin Fo«
m r L unrt beloved mother of Max, Jacob.
Lillle. >la>. Mt<hael and WilJtiim Foitel,
Mrs. M. Mc"ann. and the late Morris Fojjel,
a n»"tl\e of Bre^lau. Oermany. ased cr> years.
C7"Frlen«ls anil a^uaintariees are respe<-t-
f'llly in\1ted to attend the funcril to-morrow
• Thursday), at 12:.'W o'clock, from the resi-
dence cf her son. Jacob Kogel. 72 Germania
Mre«-t. Interment Salem Cemetery, by fain
l»»vtTiK nt 1:39 o'clock from Twenty-fifth
xnd \'*l<vicia streets.
FRAIIM- In this olty. April 4. l»04, Margar-
ethe, beloved wife of the late August Frahm.
and heloved mother of Henry, Karl and the
late John Frahm. a native of Germany, aged
e2 year*. 10 months and 5 days.
C.yVricn<i> and «<tjURimani-«-s are respect-
fully Invited t<» attend tlie funeral to-day
< \\>.1n«-Eday>. at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
«>f Theodor Uierks. t»5" Mission etreet. be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Interment Cypress
Lf»n Ometery.
CREEN— In Oakland. Cal.. April 5, 1904, Mary
L., bclovtd wife of J. W. Orcen, a native of
California, aged 33 years 10 months and 10
day*.
C^Kriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
' Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from I^eitch &
.H*iid»riwn'i> parlors, corner of Elgiith street
and Rroadwpy. Interment Mountain View
Ometpry.
HAFSER— In this rity. April 3. 13<i4. Hattie.
beloved twin daughter of «Jeorge and Hattie
Hans' r. a native of sjan Francisco, aeed J
ironth» and days.
MT.'NT— In this e!ty. April 4. 1904. John Hunt,
h'i'band of Mary Hunt. and father uf
Thomas. John and Frank Hunt. Mrs. L. S.
>Vlg|rl«s and Mrs. J. Balk-He, a native of
Ireland, aged 01 year*.
%JT Fri»-n«l». and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral lo-morrow
• Thursday), at 12::i<> o'clock, from th«* par-
lom of MeFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thrnce to St. Joseph's Church for services
al 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Crose Ceme-
tery-
JACOBSON— In th» city and County Hospital.
April ."•. T.ii'4. Hayward Jacubson. a native
of (Sweden, aged T>*J years.
Kl/DTZ — In thifc city. April 5, 1904, Jacob,
"dearly beloved husband of Mary Klotz, and
devoted lirother of Fritz and Leo Klotz. Mrs.
*',. Fccklonlmrg, Mrs. S. Bauer, Mrs. M.
Fir^t nnd Mrs. Tobbenboskl, a native of
Germany, aced 50. years.
•1X»KL>— In :his city. April 5. 1904. Anna Lord.
wife of the late Elijah Lord, and beloved
nunt of Jamen M. Whipple. a native of St.
John. New Brunbwick. aged R0 years. (Kt.
John. N. H., paptra please copy.)
ITTTrlrnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• 'Iliurfday*. «t 2 o'clock, from the residence
t.r her nephew. James M. Whipple. 748 Cas-
tro #treet. near Twenty-first. Cremation
*M0 FcHows' Cemetery.
OtJOWD— In this olty. April 5. 1904. Maurice
Patrick, beloved aon of Patrick C. and
Sarah O'Dowd, a native of San FYaneisco.
;•-•¦<! 2 years !i months and 17 days.
- C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful^ invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Thursday*, at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of hU parents. 3«4 Fell street. Inter-
ment Holy <>O6€ Ometerj-.
O >HEA— In this city. April 4. 1904, Thomas,
beloved husband of Jane O'Shea, and loving:
father of Mamie O'fchfa. a native of the pur-
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannaran & Gallagher.)
' DAAIEL P. DONOVAN. Mrr.
FLNEHAL, DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
-'J Fiftfa «t.. opposite Lir.cnin School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmera
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple.
NOW *t »e«i MISSION. Tel. South 1C7.
Between Fouith and Fifth. -near Fifth st.
Floetrt. equipments at Moderate Rates.
1 James McGinn. Henry llar.ten.
• JAMES McGINN & CO.,
Foftncrly With McGinn Bros..
3 — Ftiueral Director* and Embalmers
214 Kddy tt.: Tel. South 576.
' irh cf Fake*], County Clare. Ireland, aged
7 I yr ar*.
CX Friends ard acquaintances are mpect-
fully invited to attend the ¦ funeral to-day
< Wednesday >. at 0 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bro6.. 221-220 McAllister
street, themr to St. Patrick'* Church, where
a solemn requiem mats will be celebrated
for the r«-|K>fce of -his eouI. commencing at
?:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Croes Cetta-
; UtJS
1 PALLETT— In this city, April 5. 1904. George
I Pereival }'«llett. beloved son of the late
, George Y. I'allett of Ixindon. England, a na-
tive «tf Kngland. aped 33 year?.
(TTlterr.ains at trie parlors of the H. K.
Maass Company. SO 7 Mission st.
riEnUC-Cl.Vl— in this city. April r., 19M. Mar-
irucrcte, dearly beloved wife of J. B. Pleruc-
Hni. loving mother of Edelbert and Adria
Pieruccini. daughter of James Finn, and
sister of Mrs. Annie Herrera. Edward J.
Finn and Mrs. William Hurst of Los An-
geles, a. native of San Francisco, aged 30
years 4 months and 12 days. /
Cyilemalns at the mortuary chapel of
J. 8. Godeau, 3C.1 Montgomery avenue.
ROSENBERG— In Oakland. Cal.. April 5. 1904,
Mrs. Augusta Rosenberg, beloved wife of
M. Rosenberg, and mother of Mrs. II. Cohen.
Mi*. A. E. Trimble. Mr*. B. Jacobs and
Samuel C. and Rudolph Rosenberg, a native
of Germany. ay»d CO years 11 month* and
7 days. (New York papers please copy.)
JU? Friend? and acquaintances are' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral sen-ices
at S12><t Twentieth, street, to-morrow
<Thursda>). »t 11 o'clock. Interment Salem
«">metery, San Francisco.
SNKATH— At the Veterans 1 Home, Tount-
ville. Cal.. William O. Sneath, a native of
Tiffin. Ohio, aged 72 years.
SWAN— l n this city. April 5. 19O4. Ellen, be-
loved r.if*» of F. W. Kran. mother of Thomas
TV. B. Swnn. Mr*. Mary E. Savage and Mr*.
Arthur William*. mmt of J. B. Benson, and
grandmother of Bertie Swan, a native of
Yorkshire. England, axed 54 years 6 months
and 8 days.
WILLIAMS— In New York, March 30. 1904.
Philip Alston, beloved *on of Therese A. and
tfcr late Henry Williams, and brother of
H. A. William!, azed 31 years 10 months
and 2«> day*.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
WINKS— In this city. April 6, 1P04. Joshua
Thomas, bcl.ived husband of MRry Wink*.
«rvi father of B W. and J. O. Winks and
I Mi*. R. French, a native of Maryland, aged
1 t'5 years 11 month* and 13 day?.
C7"Friend« and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday*, at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2iM5 Ellis street. Interment Cypress
i Lawn Cemetery.FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 80®
5 10, usual, terms;- Bakers'. Extras. $4 70®5:
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at S3 85@4 25
per bbl. , - ' - f . " - '1 -.- . . ' : '.' '¦--, < -•
MILLSTUFFS^ — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham : -Flour. '¦ $3 25 * per 100 : lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye ; Meal. $3; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal, $3,25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
nGroats, $4 50; Hominy/ S4i?4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 5004 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;,Fa
rina, $4 60; I Whole Wheat | Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats . bbls, ¦ $7 2fi® 8 60; In sacks, $0 75@S 10-
Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, -boxes. $7; Green
Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs." ¦ : , -
Flour and Millstuffs.
Previous quotations rule fbr all descriptions.
Business- !¦ .-.fair. .::.-' ! . ¦
RA1PINS— The Association quotes the follow
ing Dricei; ,, Standard grades. - 50-lb cases — 2
crown Loose -- Muscatels. 5VJc per- lb:
3-crown," 5%c; 4-crown. rt^Sc; .Seedless Loose
Muscatels, 4V4c: Seedless floated. 4 »$c;2-crown
Malaga loose, ; 6c: 3-crown Malaga loose, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached, 4V5c; : Seedless
Thompsons, 1 unbleached, - 5^|c. Layers, per 20
lb box— 6-crown Imperial clusters. $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters,' $2 50: 4-crown fancy clusters.
|2; • 3-crownN London - Layers. .$1 35; .'. 2-crown
London Layers, $1 25 : usual | advance | for frac
tional boxes , and layers. Seeded — Fancy * 16-oz
cartons, per lb, s7»Jc; ' fancy 12-oz cartons, -per
package,' C?4c; fancy bulk cartons, per lb, 7%c;
choice 16-os cartons,, perlb, ,7&c; choice 12-oz
cartons, r per package, ¦ 614c; ?..- choice bulk '* car
tons.-oerlb.\7Vic;> 16-os: cartons."' seeded ; Seed
lings,"'": Muscatels, • per.' lb, 7c: > 12-oi cartons,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels,; per. lb,"5?4c: bulk,
seeded Seedlings," Muscatels,* per lb, '6?ic.': ¦
NUTS— Walnuts,/ No. 1 • softshell; 131414c;
No. 2.. 11%<?12c; ~ No.-1- hardshell.xl3@ij^ C ;
No. rl, i 11®11Hc; Almonds,'? ll>ic»for Nonpa
reils, ll%c for I X L.' lie for, Ne Plus Ultra
and 9"4c • for Languertoc; • Peanuts, - 6.^70 for
Eastern : I Pecans, ; 11013c; ; Cocoanuts, - $4 5O#5.
r " HONET— Comb, 10@lli4c for white : arid 8»4
"i'AVic ' for amber; '• water ' white ' extracted, 5@
5 Me; light amber extracted. ¦4H®4 ! )4c; dark,*
3i4©4,V - ¦¦ . • ' :-. . .-; . ' •.:- ¦ ; ¦
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb.
. FRUIT— Apricots, 8';®10»4c for Royals and
9& 12c lor Moorparks; Evaporated Apples/ 4^4©
6c; sun-urietl, • 3®4»^c; . • Peaches, -. BVa@7Hc;
Pears, ¦ 8^11 VJc; ' Nectarines, nominal;- Figs,
white, 3&4c , In boxes;., black, 4V4c; Plums,
pitted. 6@8c per lb.
PRUNES— 1003 crop. 2U@2^c for the four
Sites. - ¦-'— ¦••'•¦¦¦.•¦¦.,-..¦¦':.¦.. -I "¦'-¦ ¦¦-..'
I The situation stands precisely as for several
weeks past. The market for everything is
'very quiet, with- Prunes dull and rather weak
than ' otherwise. Raisins more or less unsettled
by factional differences between packers and
growers. - and assortments r,-- of genera] fruits
much- depleted and broken. Nuts are also
quiet and | Hon*y continues to suffer ; from the
competition . of the Cuban product at New
York.'.'-- ¦ /¦ : ; - ¦ "¦• ¦ .--:--.:.;¦-¦;.¦;
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honc\.
d *. — . f *
y '
i Rather More Animation on the
I Local Exchanges.
5 Thpr- was more doingr In local stocks and
y bonds than for- some days, though the market
y coyld not be called active. Trading was about
- equally divided between bonds and shares.
i. Gas and Electric sold a dollar higher, tooch
tnjr $59 25, and Contra CosU Water was about
; a dollar oft at $35 SOif-IS. California Fruit
Cannrrs was firmer at $98 and Pacific Borax
- was also firmer at $168.
c The oil rtocks were also In rather improved
• I demand and steady. The minim? stocks were
; . quiet and devoid of feature.
The Alpha Mlnlne Company has levied an
assessment of 5c.
Ex-dlvldend yesterday: Pacific Lighting
Company. r-eular monthly, 35c per share.
amounting to J14,tOO; Onomea Sugar Company.
, regular monthly, 20c per share, amounting to
. $10,000.
t Brunswick C. G. M. Company assessment
of 3c per sfcaxe. amounting to $6000. levied
* February 2t> fell delinquent yesterday.
r .:... ,
\ STOCK' AND BOND EXCHANGE.
,}','¦* - i * « t
, TUESDAY. April 5— 2'p. m.
, UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask.l . Bld.Ask.
r 4s qr coup..l07U109 Us qr cp new.133 133»*
4s qr resr...lO7HlCS !3s qr coup.. 107 1OT%
r MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
, Ala A W 5s. — ' — IO T. Co 6a.ll9\* —
' I Bay CPC Ss.lOOVJ — I Do 5s ... ..110H —
! Cal C G 5s. — 104^i | Do con 5s. 101% —
Cal G & E g JOceanlc S 5s. — 75
m & ct 5s. — 86*£lOm Cable «s. — 124^
, Cal-st C 5s.ll6*ill7V»:Pae G Im 4s. — TO
\ C C Wat 5s. — 1C0HIP E Ry Ss.lOfit, —
' Ed L& P Cs. — 130 IP4CH Cs.104%105^
F & C H 6s.ll4*i — , |P & O R 6*.118 —
' Geary-st 5s.. — — IPowell-st «s. — —
•H CAS SHs-lOO — jijac EGAR3». — 1C0U
Do 8s .... — 98%jSF & SJV5«.11« —
' Hon R T es.lOCVi — [Sierra R 6».112 —
L A Elec 5s. — 105 IS P Of A «s .,.„„
. LA Ry 5s. 110% — I (1908) 10«^W^
: L A L Co 6s — — I (1910) — 10S
Do gtd 6s. — - IS P of C ««
Do xtd 59.1021, — j (19fl5)Sr A-101S —
LAP icm 5s.l00li — H905)Sr B.102U —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 119 I U9O6) 104^ ~ ,,
Do lctn 5«. — 114^1 U912) — 1164
MV& MtT5a.lO4 — [SPC 1 CK Ss.119 119
NRR of CCs.lO6tflCS Do stmpd..lO9 109^
Do 5s .... — -117 |S P B R 6S.131 —
' N P C R 5sJ05 — IS V Wat 6». — 105
' N C Ry 3s. 100 — I Do 4s 2dm. 100 101
. X C P C 5s. 09 102 I Do 4s 3dm. 99% —
: N S R R 5a. — 100 fstkn GAEfls. — 99
JOG L&H 5s.l0e — U O ft E 5s. — 108
O IV gtd 5s. — — I
• WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 35 36 (Port Coata. .. — —
Marin Co... — 62% 1 S V Wat Co. 39« _ •
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
' Cent I> & P- — S94JS F Q & E. 5» BO'i
| Mutual E I* 8*; 10 Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... M — |U G & E.. 29 32
TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATES.
S F G It E. — — I
INSURANCE. / j
Firem's Fnd. — 33© |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 125 (L. P & A.. ..15214 —
Anglo-Cal .. 85 87*4!Mct Trust.. — 220
, Bank of Cal.427«4 — JMerch Ex.... — —
I Cal Safe Dp. 145 150 IS F Nation!. — —
First Natlonl — — I
| ¦ SAVINGS BANKS.
' Ger S & U225O K5O (Sav A L. So. — 10O
I Hum S & L. — — ISec Sav Bit. — 450 -
Mutual Sav. 100 — [Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.625 — | ,.
• STREET RAILROADS.
California-..— 200 | Presidio — 4214
Geary — 80 |
POWDER.
Giant 6O «1 |Vi K ortt — ¦
SUGAR,
Hana P Co. — 40c IKIlauea S C. Z% 5
I Hawaiian C. 49Vi 51 IMakawell C. 21fe —
: Honokaa S C 12«4 13 jOnoraea S C. — 27^
; Hutcii S PC 9«4 10 IFaauhau S C. 13»i 14
• MISCELLANEOUS.
J Alaska PA — 145» / 4!Oceanlc S Co. — 5
Cal F C A. 97^5 »S |Pac Auat FA. 5% —
Cal Wine A. 9l'j 92 H Pac C Borx.170 —
MV& MtTm.100 — j
Morning Session.
Board —
1C Pacific Coast Borax 1«8 prt •
100 S F Gas & El-ctric. s 90 R» 0O
; 65 S F Gas A Electric 89 QO
i 115 S F Gas & Electric 50 25
.-.'..Spring Valley Water Co .1» IS'-j
$G,C0O Bay Counties Power Co 5s.... 101 00 -
$1,000 Cal Gas & El Gen M & C T 5s. 5tt OV
$3,000 Market-8t Ry 1st coa 6s 11(00
Street — . * ¦
$1,000 Oakland Transit Con 5s ..102 00 '
Afternoon Session.
5 California Fruit Canners' Assn. 88 CO ¦
.*. Contra Costa Water 35 50
25 Centra Costa Water 83 00
ICO Honokaa S Co.... 12 6O I
100 Hmchlnson S P CO » 75
$1,000 Park & Cliff House 6a 105 0O
V2. 0OO Pacific Electric Ry 5s 10S 25 .
$2,000 Spring Val Water 4s <2d mtge).10O 0*
Unlisted Securities. ,
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.] Bid Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 97^a — IS P C R 4s. — 100
j B L Wat Bs.100 — - IS P Co 4H»- 99 ¦£
Cal NW 5s.l0SHlI0H!Sun T«l 6s..ll3 —
' Ris I Wlt*5s — 107H!Suttr-« R5S.103 113
SF DrdX D«.— 113HIUR of SF 4s. 77% 77%
SF A. NP 5s.lUU — I
; MISCEUUANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 27*i 30 [Mat Nav Co. 60 S3
Cal Cot Mils 86 — |Nev N»t BX.185 203 U
C Jockey Cl.125 140 IN g R R... f?4 —
Cal Powder.120 140 |N Cal P. Co. 10H HVfc
Cal Ship Co. 15 30 |Oak BTc Sar.ll2H —
Cal T I AT— 135 lOak T Con. 73 —
, Cen Bk.'Oak*63% — IOOF Hall A « '—^7
Chutes Co .. 9% 8 |Orph«um ' Co. 14 15'
City & C Bk — 112 IPac S Tel.ilOl 104
East Dynm. 150 25O . tParaf Paint. 3S —
DpntPwd pfd — -90 -13 F Drydock 6A —
Do com '.". 40 — ISF&SJ Coal. 20 —
FNBk.Oak.120 — IS J Wat Co. — lOfi
Fischer Thtr 1»4 1%ISO * MTgbt — 1U ' -
Frnch-A Bk.105 — [Truck .Eject. 10 . — ;
Gas Con A.. 19^ 21 (UR InC pfd. 43 —
Hon P Co.. 12H — I Do com .. fl — . "
Lon& SF Bk — . CO |
Morning Session.
Board — ' •
$14,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. TT M
Street — *
. 100 Northern Cal Power Co........ 11 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange ..
Oil Stocks- Bid. , Asked..
Aim*' .».' 1 25 '•
Apollo ....". .... 4<t ...
Associated Trust Cert 18 2f»
Aztez " : X3
Caribou 2W 3 23 '
Chicaxo Crude... ;, 20 .... *
Claremont .................. BO . * 04
Esperanza ..". 1 25 ....
Four ...;.. * .... fa
Fulton lfl)) - 3 50 r.
Giant ::: 17 - .... i .-
Hanford 172 00 mtA .
Home ...-. ..;. 1 47«4 1 52«4
Imperial ....'. .... 17 00
Independence .. '....".....¦.. 2O 21
Junction 15 ....
Kern -5 no • 5 12*4 ,
Kern Rlrer.: :~.Ti'. ;;..... .11 Ort .... ,".
Lion 01 ¦
Monarch of Arizona. 41 4.1 ft
Monte Criito..r.-.'.:-.;rrr.:.; fio ....
Occidental ot.W. X*.. ...... W .... t "'^
Oil City Petroleum 40 ...... .
Peerless ....:........... .... 14<V>;' -*¦-¦.
Senator r..t.r;.T.":r.";n". ;¦...¦. .... ot,.
Sovereign ...;.... 43 44
Sterling '...V, 2 4O . ...^
Superior 1 • 03 .....
Thirty-three ..... 8 00
Toltec 19 ....
Twenty-eight * 00 ....
Associated Bond* 77 • T» - ¦ ¦•}
-. Miscellaneous—" '; ¦ . .
Fischer's Theater .;.... 12S .... ,
Northern Cal Power. .10 7.1 II Ort ,
Sanitary Reduction Works. . 150 175
SALES.
¦ Mornine , Session.
:-•%'-. Board — . . . c ¦ -»
1500 Apollo* ...:... 45 i
. lso Monarch \-~.v.".v.:.^:r:::v:»:«fH|4WMEf
soo Fo«ron;.:.;r.T.v;:??vr::~....^§'S«»|Qgl
100 Kern Oil... ..'.......... -B 00. ¦
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 50®
2 for fancy, $161 <>5 for cliolcy and 90c@
$1 25 for standard; Tangerines, $1'25#1 75 per
box; Lemons. *1 75<@2 50 for fancy. $1 251J1 60
for choice and 75c@$l for standard: Grape
Fruit. ' $1@2: Mexican Limes. $4@i50 per
case; 'Bananas; $1©'2 per bunch for Hawaiian
and SI 50©2 25 for .Central American; r Pine
apples. Sf'Jdpi per dozen. ; ; ; .
APl'LES— $2®2 25. per box for extra fancy,
$1 ftOQl 75 for -ordinary fancy, 90c@$l 25 for
choice and 509 75c for common.
Trft'JIng in Apples was rather quiet, as most
dealers were confining their attention to
Oranges. Stocks were ample ftir all needs and
prices stood as before quoted.
Longworth Strawberries wrre offering again.
Thrre drawers of six small baskets each. came
in from Pals Alto . and sold at $1 25 per
drawer.
Trade in the Orange market continued ac
tive, but supplies were ample for all require
ments and prices were without quotable
variance. The large sizes of Navels, that is,
80s. 90s and 112s, jwere dull and .offered at
liberal concessions by some dealers, while the
small sizes met with a steady " inquiry and
cloie clearances of such fruit, particularly of
the standard grade, were effected at previous
prices. Mexican Limes were more active at
the recently reduced quotations, but stocks
were still txcesslve. Grape Fruit. Lemons and
Tangerines were in good request at unchanged
prices.
Dcciduous and Citrus Fruits.
; Retail Meat Prices.
? ¦
f The following retail prices for meats are
B quoted by the Retail Butchers* Protective As
, soclatton: .
1 BEEF-^-Prlme Roast. 15®18c; Porterhouse
Steak, 18(??22t4c; Tenderloin Steak. 15@18c;
s Sirloin Steak, 12%@15c; Top Round Steak,
f 12%c; Beef Stew, 10c; Corned Beef. S^lOc;
Soup Bones. 4c; Soud Meats, 5@10c.
VEAL— Loin Roast. 15*J20e; Shoulder Roast.
- 12»4@15c; Chops and Cutlets. 15®20c; Stew.
: 12H&15C.
* MUTTOX — Leg, 15c; Forequarter, 12%c;
! ! St-w.. 8<S10c; Prime Chops, 15«2Oc.
( ! LTAMB— Leg. 20c; Forequarter. 12%«?lfic:
;' Hlndquarter. lS@20c; Shoulder Roast. I2%c;
r 1 Chops, 20c.
I | PORK— Roast. 12%<gl8c; Chops. 15<SlSc.
These prices do not cover th? cheaper grades,
; as it Is Impossible to quote regular prices on
them,
l
1 General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags.'uOfec spot and 5?ic June-
July; San Qutntln. $5 40; Wool Bigs. 32@35c:
Fleece Twine. • 7CSo. . .
r- CANXED T*RUIT9 — The Callforn!a Fruit
> ' Canners' Association quotes the following price i
i ' list:
w KM a'
; . - * a*l » %
i ¦¦ -. -M s 3 I !
FRUITS. a g" 3. •
~ c
' a '.'¦'•
\ Apples SI 55!$1 30*1 201$l 10 '
I Apricots 1401130 !
, j Blackberries 1 60 1 401 1 30 1 20 I
..Cherries R. A 2 15 1 »0| 1 70 140
(Cherries white 1751160 135 1
i Cherries, black 2 00 1 751 1 60 1 35
' ! Grapes 1 35 1 20! 1 10 1 00
,) Yellow Free Peaches 150 130
I Lemon Cling Peaches... 2 00 1 40 1 30
. • Pears 2 00 175
I Plums 135 1 15 105 95
Raspberries 2 M»| 2 25 2 10 1 DO
' Strawberries 2 OOj 1 V 1 00 1 40 j
, i CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes 2%-lb J
standard 85c; Green Peas — Petlts pols. $1 35
©1 50; standards. 85c; standard. «lfted. $1;
extra sifted. *l 15: marrowfats. 82%c.
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8: Seattle. $6 50: Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $6; Stanford. $7: Roslyn. $7: Coos
Bay. $5 5<>: Greta, $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and $14 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50; Cannet, $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50Q13
P^r ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
'. tain descriptions, $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 SO
! per long ton. according to brand.
i PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb 4%c;
j cases, regular. 5VJc; cases, extra large. 5%c:
I Eastern style. 6V4c; boneless, 6Uc; "Norway,"
! 6Hc; "Narrow Gauge." 6?ic; "Silver King,"
! 7%c; blocks, "Oriental," 6$4c; blocks. "Sea
! bright." 6»ic; tablets. 7c; middles. 7@S?ic;
> fancy boneless. 8t«J8*ic: pickled Cod bbls.
J $8; pickled Cod. half bbls. |4 75.
i CORDAGE — The local company quotes as f
' follows 60 days or % per cent discount for I
j cash, no sales under 10.000 lbs: Manila 14%c- '
: Sisal. 10»ic; Duplex, 9%c; Bale- Rope. HViO
1 113ic per lb
I COFFEE — Costa Rica — Nominal;: 13"4<fil5e
j for strictly prime to fancy washed: 12%@13c
( for prime washed; ll'.4@12Vic for good washed;
t 10V4615V4C for sood to prime washed peaberry;
1 9Vj@iO%c for good to prime peaberry; 10HQ
i 12c for good to prime; 9@10%c for fair; 7©8V4c
1 for common to ordinary.
j Salvador— 14@14-?ic for fancy washed: 12%« '
i 13%c for strictly prime washed: 10©12c for
j good to prime, washed: 8%©9%c for fair
washed; lti®13c for fair to prime washed pea
: berry; »V,(a'O^*c for good to prime semi. washed
| 9(g9Vic for superior unwashed; 8%@9c for good
green unwashed; 9%®10c lor good to superior
unwashed peaberry*. T@8c for Inferior to .or
dinary. '-', '.
Nicaragua— 12V«ei3«ic nominal for prime to
fancy washed: »%@llc nominal for fair to
strictly good washed; 8%®8«4c for good to su
perior unwashed: 9%@10%c for good to prime
unwashed peaberry. , - ,>
Guatemala and Mexican— 14©15c for fancy
washed: 12% 014c for prime to strictly prime
washed: llV4®119ic.for strictly rood washed
lO?4011c for good washed: f>H«10V4c for fair
washed; 8Q9c for medium; 7@8Uc for Inferior
to ordinary; 10%©12%c for falr--to prime
washed pcabt-rry: 9%©10c ror rood to prime
unwashed peaberry; 8%©9c for good to su
perior unwashed. . .
r. RATHER— Sole. . heavy. , 20©32c- extra
heavy. 3oe40c per lb: medium 27©29c
llghU 24@26c; Rough Leather.' 26«*28c; Harness
Leather, heavy. S5®38c for»No. -l'-and 28@35c
for No. 2; medium." 30037c; light. 296S5C*
Sklrtinsr. No. ¦ 1. 40©42c: No. 2. 36@38c; • Col
lar Leather, 15«16c per foot; Trace Leather. 40
644c; Kip. unfinished. 40©50c p«r lb; Veal,
finished. 50@60c per lb: Calf, finished.. 65c@$l
per lb; Wax Sides. lfiQl'c per foot: Belt Knife
Splits. 14fi 16c; Rough Split* seiOc perlb
¦ TANBARK— Ground. - $20028 per ton- stick
$15fllS p*>r rofd. ;•'.•- T, . - '
OILS— Quotations are for barrel*; for cases.
add 5c; Linseed. 49c par gallon ¦. for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases No 1, 70c*
Bakers' AA. $1 10«l 12; Lucol, 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut.- 60@70c per gallon;
Coccanut OH in barrels, 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, 85e; natural winter Sperm Oil, 80c* extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c; natural Whale
O!i. 60c; ; extra winter 'strained Lard. Oil 75c- ,
No.l Lard Oil, COc;; pure Neatsfoot; Oil. 75c-
No., 1 Neatsfoof Oil. 65c; ' light -Herring Oil,
, 45c; dark Herring Oil. , 43c; Salmon Oil. 38c:
boiled Fist Oil, 40c ; raw , Fish Oil, 3Sc ; boiled
Pnlnt Oil, -35a; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
s -COAL OIL— Water White i Coal Oil/ In bulk. >
14c: Pearl Oil. In cases, 20%c; •• Astral 20Hc; >
Star,.,20%c: Extra Star. 24Vjc; Elaine.^26%c; ¦
Eocene;- 23%c;:: Deodorized: Stove Gasoline In
bulk, 16c: In cases, 22%c; - Benzine. In ; bulk, 1 ,'
13c:^ in cases, 19%c; 86-degree Gasoline in ¦
bulk. -25c; In cases. '31c.' - .¦ ' ,. :
> TURPENTINE— 84c per" gallon in cases and >
78c in: drums andiron barrels. v :¦ • ¦• > '
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7@
THc per lb; White Lead,* 7©"%c. according to
quantity.' ..-; .- . ¦-"- - ¦
QUICKSILVER— «43©44 " for ;: local use" and
$42 50<a 43 50 Der flask for export. ,:..
SALT— Bales.. $1 40; Dairy. $8 50®« per ton;
Granulated. $9 SO^IO:* Half :- Ground.-, 100-lb
bags. $4 60: .!• do/ 50-lb ., bags. $5; : Rock : Salt, '
$4 25 In 100 "and $4 50 in 50 lbbags; Genu-
' . Exchange and Bullion.
j * ' . <*':-¦]
Sterling Exchange sixty days.. ., — $4 85^
Sterling Exchange, sight .... — 4 88
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 12H
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Sl!v»-r per ounce — r>."»>4
; Mexican Dollars, nominal •. . — 45 1$
Wheat and Other Grains.
I WHEAT FREIGHTS — Are rather firmer
• owins to the Imoroved crop prospects at about
j 22s 6d to 23s &d forv new crop loading, with
i i.Is 3d paid for October. Spot business is nom
i Inal, with nothing doing, st from 15« to 16s 3d.
I The "chartered wheat fleet in port has a regls.
i tered tonnage of 5300, against 50.i2 tons on the
I same date last year; disengaged. 84.600 tons,
agalnet 7S.120; on the way to this port. 216,900
tons; 'ogalnrt 292.SO0.
WHEAT— Foreign futures were lower, and
foreign crop conditions were reported favora
ble, the weather being good.
There was no Chicago market, as the Board
! of Trade was not In session, it being election
! day. Minneapolis reported a poor Flour de
| mand. half the mills being* closed, with talk
of others closing shortly. Stocks of Wheat
in the Northwest are reported light, but no
body wants any. The export business at
Western points Is at a standstill. .- /:
In this market the cash grain was weak
! but no lower. The market continues feature
t less. Futures are rather lower. .
! CASH WHEAT.
! California Club, $1 37%©1 45: California
! White Australian. $1-50(31 tiO; Northern Club.
! $1 35«?1 42^4; Northern Bluestem, $1 6OiJri 55
I per ctl " ';-Vi '•¦¦>:¦¦"
j . FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 .".4 $1 a4«4 ?1 34. $1 34Vi
December ... 1 31% 1 31% 1 31U 1 31%
2 p. m. . Session; ¦ \
. Openl High. Low. Close.
May ...;.... $134 $134 $1334 $133%
December ... 1 31% 1 31% 1 31% 1 31% j
BARLEY — The market was dull all around
yesterday, with futures rather lower. There
were no buyers ; In . the ¦ speculative ring and
the session was tame. . Holders of Chevalier
report that description utterly neglected and
nominal.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed $1 10ifll2»4: Shipping and brewing,
$1 17V4©1 20; Chevalier. $1 15*31 20 for fair
to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
" Open. High. Low. Close.
May ...$1 09% $1 09% $1 09% $1 00%
December ... 98% OSli 9S 98
2 p. m. Sesalon. .
May— $1 0894. : - ¦^¦' . " "
OATS — There is nothing going on outside of
the regular local Jobbing trade, whtch keeps
stocks down to a moderate balance. - Prices
have not varied for some time. ,
White. $1 27%@1 37»i; Black. $1 25®1 35;
Red, SI 25@1 35; Gray, $1 Zl\'t per ctl. '
CORN — The West : continues to supply this
market, as there is very little State Corn be
ing received. The market ¦ is quiet and fea
tureless. ¦ ¦ « "
Western sacked, <1 35@1 40 for Yellow,
$1 32^401 40 for White and $1 30@l 35 for
Mixed; California large yellow. $1 a5@l 42%;
small round do, $1 B0@l 65; White. $1 40@l 15
per ctl : Egyptian. $1 40@l 50 for whlto.and
$1 27H®1 30 for brown.
•RYE — Dull and unchanged ' at $1 30@l 32%
per ctl .
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75® 2 per ctl.
LOCAL -MARKETS.
¦ Foreign Futures.
' LIVERPOOIX
Wheat — May. July.
Opening 6 7% »i 7*i
; Cloffin; « 7>i 0 714,
1 PARIS.
j Wheat — March. Sept. -Dec.
I Opening ." OJi 20 70
i Closing 21 95 20 70
: Flour —
I Opening . . ; ". 28 0.'. 2S 05
Closing 28 05 28 05
i Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON", April 5. — Domestic wools are quiet
' this week, with little change In prices. The
I demand Is strong for medium and low grade
wools, with offerings very small.
QUOTATIONS:
1 California — Northern counties, choice, 10©
20c; middle counties, 10$ifl7e; southern coun-
I ties. 12%j 13c.
Oregon — Eastern staple, 15@15V4c; valley,
I No.- I, 20S21C
'¦ Territory:- Idaho — Fine, ll<3'15«4c; heavy
fine. 13014c; fine medium, 15(315^c; medium,
I«$fl7c. Utah and Nevada — Fine, loglS^c;
heavy fine. i;®14c: fine medium,- 15>4<&lUc.
Montana — Fine choice. l»$@lf>c: Bne average,
i 17«jlt<c; fine medium average, ISiflOc.
; St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. April 5.— Wool steady; medium.*"
combing and clothing. lS(&22c; light, fine, 15#
17140; heavy, fine, 12@H^c; tub wash-d,
20S 3Oc.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. April 5. — WHEAT— Walla '
Walla, 74c; blupstem. 80c; valley. 80c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA; April 5.— Wheat— Unchanged.
Bluostem, P3e; club, 7oc.
Northern Business.
'SEATTLE. April 5.— Clearings. $714,172;
balances. ?124,4Cfl.
TACOMA. April 5. — Clearings, $302,007; bal
ances, J4O.C5H. *;?t. ¦'.¦¦.
PORTLAND. April- 5.— Cltarlags,. $5W),858;
balances. Sti.r.84. • > "
SPOKANE. April 5.— Clearings. $368,912;
balances. $34,176. .
Butter developed more easiness yesterday
and In view of the heavy stocks dealers were
Inclined to shade quotations to keep their floors
clear. There were some sales of fine creamery
at l&c, but most of the trade still quoted 20c.
The Cheese market showed no change one way
or the other, being still overstocked and d«
moraltxed, not only in this market, but up and
down the coast as well.
There was not much variation In Eggs. Re
ceipts were liberal and several receivers were
obliged- to do some storing to relieve their
floor*. Eastern Eggs have already begun to
roll this way. and at least one house reported
some en route. They -will go into store on
arrival. There Is no particular excitement in
the market at the moment and the whole trade
seem • to be pretty well agreed upon quota
tions. Fomethtng that, does not often occur at
this time- of the year. ¦ . .- ¦ ¦
Receipts were 74,200 lbs Butter, "15D2 cases
Efrgs and 7000 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands, 19g20c
for extras and 18^c for firsts; dairy. 15® IS Vic;
store Butter, nominal; cold storage, nominal.
CHEESE — SH©dc for good -to choice new
and "B!Sc for lower grades; Young Americas,
{)V4@10c; Eastern, lSfjlOc; Western, 14@l5c
per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 18(319c for fair, to choice;
store, 16V:$lSc per dozen. -
Butter, Cheese and Eggs:
Receipts of, domestic Poultry were moderate
and good stock m?t with a steady demand.
Hne large young chickens especially being
wanted, and occasional sales of exceptionally
fine stock were reported' at a slight advance
over the quotations, i Small Broilers continued
to drag and the ton quotation was reduced. A
car of Western stock was on sale, making the
second for the week, and cleaned up readily
at good prices.
Game was quiet and unchanged.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 16<218c per lb;
Geese, per pair. $2<&2 50 1 Goslings. »2«j?2 5<>;
Ducks. |5 50^6 50 p«r dozen for old and ?6 50@>
7 5O for young; Hens. $7$8 for large anc"
$5 50(S6 for " .small; young Roosters, ' ?7 5<)@
50; old Roosters, $5@t$; Fryers, f C<gC 50;
Broilers. $4 60$ 3 for large and $2®3 for
small; Pigeons $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old
and?2 5002 75 for Squabs. ,
GAME: — Gray Geese. $2 5O@3 per dozen;
White Geese. 75c«fjl 50- Brant. *1@1 50; Hon
kers. J4®5; English Snire, $3@3 50; common
Snipe, tl 50@2; Rabbite. $1 50 for Cottontails
and $l@l 25 for Brush; Hare fl.
Poultry and Game.
It The Weather and Crops.
Tb* wmCKSr avoort of A. G. 2!eA£!«. eectlon
doctor of tli* cllzaat* tr.4 crop service of the
Vf^tJdswr Bureau. U at follows:
GENEOaXi ECMMJLRT.
Ct» cool, doatr weaxher at :hs begtcrJag of
tt.« mill vaj ro"owei by g«°«r&ll7 fair
wvatfear mn& hi r her temperaturs. Rain fe'.l in
•H a«cxiona on Monday and Tuesday and again
at th* doe* of U>« «reek In th* central and
ncrtbora aoetlona. The ra'.nfa'.l In Northern
0»U2ec&!* on Uso 2S!.h was reported th* heavi
est of th* ge&Bon t-rA vrtM a,cconu>aAled br
hoary msem la tie mountain districts. Larg*
mm* of vuluabi* grain lands in the Eacra
acsto tsii Northern &aa Jo&Quln Talleys were
ci-trficwti by the high w-aters and grrat 4»m
ai(* irfc« flan* to the prolific crepe on th« 1
Uja&£« ts th* rivers. Crops for this season ¦¦
«r* entirely nilsed on taasy thounand acres of
tz* farmlaj: land la the c*atral portion of the
Bta.t«. Th* rlvert are failins flowly and work
oa the broken lev*ea will be resumed as eoon 1
»j voerlV.t. In all sections not damaged by
h!$S waters th* craln and hay crops are la
excellent condition and have made remarkable
growth duo* the fair »pea.ther commenced. The
•octhem dlctriots Lave received an abundance
of rain cxd the crop outlook Is reported very
gocfl. F»rra work haa b^en resumed in all
"EiAce* except porUonc of Northern California,
&i»«n leed is plentiful In all sections and cattle '
*r» In fair condition. Early vegetables are in
market and large shipments were nude during
the week. Hov« .are somewhat backward.
L Apricots In some sections have boen tj'Jite eeri- ;
V <'Uyly injured by the continued cool. wet <
Bnestbet and there lias been wm« <laniape to
early p« aches in the vicinity of Vacavtlle.
other deciduous fruits are reported in K'kkI
<.:-.. in ;on and give indications of lance yields.
,N> *r*ry damagiriK fronts have oecurr»"I dunr.g
¦ * • MBson.
SACBAMSNTO VALLEY. — The weather at
. 1 -winning of the woek wan cool ar.d rainy
and was ;i -.1 lowed ty v.arnjer. fair Breather. In
KMQfe section* the rainfall on the 2Sth and 2;uh
\*a'- recorUd the heaviest of the season and
v>.u- :i<-ct^nij>ajiltd by hta\">- pnowrfall in the
mountain olstrlds. The »now m> lted rapidly.
t«r..i wii'i the >-atti ccused a renewal nf high
».,tir iii the riv«-rs; wme of the Islands «usd
jiv'i^li valuable grain Isjij were flooded. The
: ¦!:•.-! -undent at MaryF\"liie reports that 12. W0
to LS,t|X) ai-re? of grain land in that vicinity
were owrflowed during March and that about
(eOOU acres w«re ruined lor this season's crop.
Th. ti\«-rv have b«*-n lallint; ¦ tolly in the last
lev day* and wurk will aoon be resumed on
lire hrokea levece, Griin fho*fil great ira
proventenl toward th» dose of the week, and"
• xi ¦« -pi in tf.f ovterflowed s^tiorie if looking
Ktnmgr ar.d thrifty. Pasturage is excellent. Dr
cidu'-us: fruit Uve« are Kvncrally In food con
'• UD&er AND BAY SECTIONS.— The tera
j> ratui»: (iurir.E the w<-<>k was nearly normal
«nd the u*-aUwr partly c2ouay. Hain fell
Tuesdny. \V«anesday «nd Saturday la nearly
all t*otions. Farm work ha* b*en resumed
triccpt la portions of the northern section,
where the- toti is still too wrt for cultivation.
The fair, warm weather following the rain
caused gr'jM.t Improvement in th«r condition of |
Krain and gTiu't. and tiroupht out bU^soms and |
ieaves on deciduous fruit trws. Grain was not
seriously VJamagr-d by the bemvy March rains,
!»jt its growth was tlow. Prospects are go<jd
P or excellent crops of grain and bay In all
.-octione. the recent raine having materially
•-hanged condition* in the southern districts.
The cool. *«t weather in March caused con
siderable Injurj- to apricots in the Santa Clara
V*Jley and Soiauo County, but other fruits are
In excellent condition. Prune, peach and cherry
trees are in bloom in Cupertino.
SAN JOAQUIN VA1A.EY.— Partly cloudy,
wtna veather with peneroue showers prevailed
during- the week. A. very heavy shower oc
curred over the greater portion of the valley
oa. Tuesday arternooa. The high water caused
tto additional damag* to that noted in lact
¦ week's report; about the same area is fU!1
vader water, but the rivers are now falling
alowly. Wheat and barley have made good
growth and axe la excellent condition. Green
feed ir plentiful and ctock are healthy and im
yrvvtiiy rapidly. Almonds and apricots have
isaAs racid STowth and are now of good size,
and other deciduous trults are thrifty. Vines
are budding and sprouting. 'Work in orchards
•L&d vineyards haa been delayed in the north
ern part of the valley owing to wet soil. Irri
gation water is plentiful and being freely u-<=ed.
EOCTHERN CALIFORNIA.— The light rain
at the beginning of the week was followed by
fair, warm weather, and both were very fa-
Torti>> lor all crop*. Grain is looking well
aiBl making rapid growth. The grain acreage
In eots* sections Is emaller than usual, but
proep*cti are now good for fair crops of grain
and hay tn moet p'.fccea. Green feed is plenti
ful and making good growth. Cattle are
steadily lmju-ovlng. Early vegetables are In
market acid large shipments are being made.
? Orchards aod vineyards are In excellent condi
tion and rive promise of large crops. Karly
£ec3£iura« fruit trees are In bloom. Walnut
a&d orange groves appear thrifty.
ETCREXA SUMMARY.— The warm, sunny
we»tb»r la giving sew life to grass and grain.
FrtUt trees are beginning to bloom. Fanning
Is about six weeks backward; little plowing
Is bel&s Cas» ar.l the sell Is too wet for
j/jg 'aWOELES BCMMART.- Week of fine
civwlsr weather Improved crops, which are
2o!ar w«U. Some frost In northern sections;
e/.tm»f*. CSierry and apple trees will eooa
fiii) of tlcoeo. Orange trees are putting
pa £n* tfrm cTowth. •
• Weather Report.
rttOth M*rl4Ian— PacHlo Time.
BAN FRANCISOO, April 5—5 p. m. '
Ttm foUowlng ar* the seasonal rainfalls to '
teto* as compared with those of the same date | '
last season, esd the rainfall In the last twen- '
tp-four hours:
*^ Last This Last '
Btatlec*— 24 hours. Season. Season. '
Eureka .,_..__.. Trace 68.1« 49.23 }
Red Blu2 ——-0.00 27.45 22.77 •
eaaaiaesto ..—.-. — O.oO 15.84 10.41 ¦
f-an Francisco — _..0.C0 18.02 18.11 J
Fr«cno «~— ..0.00 «.64 8.13 ;
Inflepeofience ..—...©.00 2.55 2.15 -
£an IaiIs Oblspo 0.00 13.88 17. 2& ¦
Loe Angeles 0.00 7.73 16.28
Baa Diego 0.00 4.09 10.58 '
. THB COAST RECORD. j
g K K 2 2^]
eTATioxa. J ?| HI|S . ?- s \
iff! f M
Baker «.^««S0. 06 64 S8-6vr CToufly .00 *
Careen „ — ..S0.20 C2 82 EW Oear .00 \
'Eureka — 29.44 60 46 NW Civudy T. J
Freeno S0.1« 70 46 N /Clear .00 ?
F.E.Farallon. 80.28 64 60 NW Clear .00 *
Flagetsflf 2».O4 €2 24 BE l»t.Cldy .00 J
•Pocatcllo 30.10 56 34 SE Pt.Cldy .00 *
Independence .80.08 72 46 NW Pt.Cldy .00 \
\jcm Angeles.. ..30.04 84 4* W Pt.Cldy .00 \
' Mt.Tamalpais G0.2S C2 43 NW Clear .00 J
North Head. ..30.22 A% 44 NW Cloudy .73 *
rbrtenix 2».!*0 K6 48 W Clear .O0 r
P.Reye* Llght.SO.38 M 48 NW Clear -.<xi r
Portland 30.16 '52 BO W Cloudy .50 n
Rrd Bluff 30.29 t« R0 T 
lioseburg .... 30.40 66 W) NW Cloudy .O4 K
Facramento ..30.20. 74 f»0 FW Clear .00 s
Salt. Lake 30.16 .%6 36 NVT Pt.Cldy .00 K
Pan Franclsco.30.28 <Vl t<0 W Clear .00 K
H. L. Oblepo..30.12 T8 &8 NW Clear .00 &
San* Diego ...29.98 72 50 NW Clear .00 R
t*««ttl« 30.14 M .4* SW Pt.Cdyl.O2 T
Hpokane 23.96 R4 38 W Pt.Cldy .16 T
Tatoosh 30.18 4»» 3* TV Cloudy .«« T
Walla Walla..30.10 1X 46'PW Cloudy .0<J W
Winnemucca .30.12 02 30 W <1oudy .00 l?
Tutna 29.82 S»0 54 NW« Clear .01
»• ... , W
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL W
FORKCABT. W
The preeeure has fallen over the entire west- I %\
3.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. April 5— Close: Money on
eall-^Easy at 14<5il» 4 per cent; closing bid.
1'*; offered, j r^, p»- r cent.
Time loans— Kanj-, with *ixty day* at 2* 4 ff3
P"r rent; nin'ty days. 3 per cent; fix months,
3\<ii+ per cent.
Prime mercantile paper— 4 l t<3?> per cent.
Sterling exchange— Kasy; tipped firm, with
actual business in hankers' tills at $4.872<%
4.8730 for di-mand and Ht $4.S1SOO«.84SS for
Fixty day bin*.
Posted ratef— *4 S.%« ; .i«i4
«". irmner- ial hi:is^44"K44«j"4 84%. '-
Bar filvf-r— 55',t.
Mexican <3ollat> — 44c.
L\->nds— Governments, firm; railroe'ls, stnnR.
Nr^ York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. April .V— The perturbation ,».
fletted jvfterJay in the Btock market on ac
count of the Union Pacific's legal fight to re
tain im former holding of Northern Pacific
in the dissolution of the Northern Securities
Company had largely subsided to-day. The
n-sult was a siwcuiative movement of more
breadth and inert general Indication of In
terest than for a Ions time. That the oper
ations w.-r e largely thote of professionals j n
noUos nj sofaclently Indicated by the me
tl.odical manaer in which they were con
ducted. Kirst one and then another stix.-k
or group of stocks wag taken in hand and aj
v»nc«?d to a hichcr level or prices while 8*11
inti to t*-aliz<? the i>roflt on the advance »u
successfully conducted in the every act ..f
BMlilJja to tiuying in another jtroup. The
tyinpa>etie effect of a rise in one depart
nitnt u;wn the whole market Is cn« of the
j most ofcv.-ous phenomena in the dealings in
j an open exchange. Tbie system of operation
¦ vas cirricd through nearly all the principal
I groups in the market to-day. The spread of
tho demand for stocks was no more ton
*I icuous.^ however, than the successive rtac
t;or.s which followed the transfer of opeta
t!cns to new quarter?. The marktt was vastly
improvtc in tone and in the distribution of
the dealings for all that. There was
les.s diFpositioh to attribute the unfound
e4 buying of Union Pacific to a competition
tor t-or.trol, oDinl^n leaning rather to an ec
cun ulation by powerful capitalists moved
r.iore by investment considerations. Union
Pacific was aloof from the day's upw&rl
movement, but it had no appearance of belm
in free enpply or being for sale. United
Plates t>tee! areferred also railed to share
fully in the <lny'a ptrength. The knowledge
tl;at nothing would b<? announced until aftirr
tb« close regarding the preferred dividend and
Hie quarter's earnings discouraged the trading
in the ptock. It was cenTJilly assumed, how
ever, that the full dividend would be declared
en th-? prrferred. There was an erroneous
• bsorplirin of the p^cond mortgage bonds on
a. strongly rising market. The day's n«»s
dii not sec-m to play much part in the gen
eral moiement. Iieports of rain In the South
west may have induced buying of the grain
carriers in that section. Tlie reports of rail
r. ad earnings for the fourth week In March
which cahv to hand were distinctly belt< r
than tb* recent average and especially in the
Southern sections. Prices of copper ro;>e
stronKly both here and abroad and the strong
FiatiEtic-al position in the trade is much dwelt
upon. The local tractions as a group moved
upward without news.
Sterling exchange moved quite decisively
away from the point of profit on the triangular
export cold operation both here and In Paii*
The market closed Irregular and with the
effects of realising quite evident.
Bonds were active and Ftnmg except fcr
seme realizing in Union Pacific convertibles
Total sale*, par value. $4.C00,000.
United States 2s advanced l » per cent ca
call. ' .
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Hales. High. Low. Clo*e.
Atchison 71 ,800 73% 71% 72*;
Atchison pfd a. GOO P2 l i 81*4 92'
Baltimore & Olfo. 4,500 S0*i 79K 8O l 4
Bait 4; Ohio pfd... rm SO 90 S9»i
Canadian Pacific... 500 115»i 115 115'li
Cen of New Jersey. 200 IM14 15S 157'
CheEapeake & Ohio K00 33 32% 32»1
Chicago & Alton... 100 SS 3S 37>4
Chi & Alton pfd go'
Chi Great Western. 12,500 1754 16»i 16«i
Chicago & N* W .'. iw>il
Chi. Mil & St P... 20,400 145% 144 ¦ 144»i
C. M & St P pfd 174H
O.I Term St Trans. «K> U% 8^i 914
«hl T & T prd 1.300 20% 19% 20H
C. C. O & St Louis .... 74
Colorado Southern. ~<>0 17 16Vi K> l i
Colo South l«t pfd. 300 54 UU 64'
Colo South 24 pfd. 400 24 23»4 23%
Uelaware & Hudson 1,100 I52',i 151% 152t»
Del. Lack & West. 1,500 270 2C7 268
Denver & Rio G 200 21 2051 o l
Den & Rio G pfd... 200 70^ 70 G9»i
£rie 2,«00 2H% 25% - 26'i,
trie 1st pfd 1.000 64U 63% 64
Erie 2d pfd 1.200 40»I 40 40>4
Hov!king Valley . 73U
Hocklnc Val < pfd .'.". soTi
Illinois Central L100 130% ]30'4 13O«2
Iowa Central pfd.. 200 19% 1» 19U
KS. PM :: .. s ?° 36 M n
KC Southern pfd.. 200 35 % 35% 33s;
I>ouis & Nash 2.900 10S% 10S lOS^
Manhattan L ],3C0 143 142 142
Metropolitan Sees.. 900 S0*i 7» SO
Metrri)olitan St Rjr 6.000 114% 112 113U
Minn & St Louis 4^
M. gt P & S S M 6?»/
M,StP & SS M prd Ufl *
Missouri Pacific 18.000 J>4 i)2»; fl3ii
Mo, Kan & Texas. fino is itjU 173,;
M. K A T pfd.... COO 39»i 39* 39
NU HJl Mex pfd 3^
New York Central. 700 117 aievj 116%
Norfolk A Western. 500 SSTfc 88»i 58 U
Nor & Wwt pfd.. 100 89%, f®£ rs"
Ontario & Western. 2,600 21% 21>2 "in;
PcnnsyU-anla 19,900 HR«i us lifci;
P. C. C & St Loui. «l
Reading 11.S00 44T» 44U 44%
Reading l«t pfd .... ..^ 77™
Reading 2d pfd.. . .... 59
Island Co 2l,(K)0 23«i 22*: •*%*'.
nock Island Co pfd R00 fi3% 63*2 C°
& 6F 2d p«.. .700 4C*i 46 46
5t Louis S W 300 . 13*i 13U 13s;
?t Louis S W prd.. 3,»00 35% 3314 34*?
Southern Pacific... S7.4IX) 51 «i; 6<>iJ
southern Railway.. 2,500 22»4 22% 22«'i
Southern Ry pfd.. " .400 K4% s#U ' R4U
rexa*- & Pacific.. GOQ 24 H 24 «4 24
r.Rt.LiW...... 104 Z', 23 24U
P. fit L & W pfd..- 200 35*i 331; ss 7 *
Jnlon Pacific SS.ROO M»>i RS^i 8S«i
Jnion Pacific pfd.. 2,5<v> Uf »}u 9314
Vabash ... 1OO 19'i 1914 ]9U
VahgFh pfd....... 900 * 3«H 37% ' 37?4
Vheellnic & L E.. ...'. 16
Visconsin Central. 400 * IRJj JS^a 18%
Visconsin Ceo pfd. 100 41 41 40U
— 4*
I EASTERN MARKETS.
era half ef the country except in a small area
<-n the coast from Cape Mendocino to Cape
Blanco. The disturbance on the Washington
oo*et has apparently moved flowly eastward
Rain has fallen over Washington, Oregon and
Idaho, and light rain is reported at Eureka.
Warm weather prevails !n Southern Califor
nia and also In th<» Sacramento Valley.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Ncrthhead. &2 miles, south; Seattle
3J*. south; Walla Walla. 30. west; Spokane. 34.
west; Point Reyes, 54, northwest, and S. E.
Farallon, 36. northwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending: midnight, April 6:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday; fresh
north winds.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; light
north winds.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday: cooler.
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Fair 'Wednes
day; fresh westerly winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
ONIONS— Yellow. $2 75@3 per ctl for fan
cy Oregon and $3 50@:5 75 for Australian;
Green Onions, 40@50c per box.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus. 8e per lb for
extra. KQ7c for No. 1 and 1^5c for No. 2; Rhu
barb. 50cig$l 15 »er box; Green Peas, »«4e
P^r lb: Strlnr-B?ans. 12^(S15c per lb: Toma
toes, 75ctfi$l 50 per box or crate for Los An
geles and $1 50@2 for Mexican;. Sunr.m,er
Squash irom Los Angeles, 7fie©:fl 25 per box;
Cabbage, $1 10 per ctl; Carrots, 50c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers. $1 50@2 per dozen for
large and $1@1 25 for small; Garlic 15c per
lb; Egg Plant. 20@25c per lb; Dried Pep
pers. ?><QSc per lb for Stockton and 10(8 12 y.c
for southern; Dried Okra. 124@15c per lb;
Green Peppers (Mexican), 20ig2ac per lb; Green
Peppers (Los Angeles), 15@174c per lb; Mar
rowfat Squash, l®lVic per lb; Hubbard, %c
per lb.,.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. $1 20
®1 30 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks, $1 •JOigl «0
per ctl; River Rein, $1^.1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon, Birbanks for sted, $113.1. 15- per ctl;
Garnet Chiles. $1©1 25 per cti; Early R«8*>,
?I :>.V(/ 1 5m :tr oti; new Potatoes;*! - J4 ®3c per
pound.
Receipts of Asparagus were liberal, being a
little le?s than lw)0 boxes, but tra<1e was active
both for local use and shipping, and the mar
ket cleaned ud well. - Another cent Avas lopped
off the price of extra fancy, but I the low=r
grades stood as previously quoted. Rhubarb
was easier and nearly all dealers were making
concessions in order to clean up. Receipts
were 1012 box»s and there was a large quantity
or carried-over stock offering. Peas were
steady and the other vegetables stood -about
as previously quoted. A lew small lots of
Mushrooms came in and sales were reported at
25©W.'c per ;iound.
The Potato market continued firm and
active and prices of table varieties were well
maintained. The best offerings were eag«rly
sought after by jobbers and the cargo of Ore
gon stock that arrived on the preceding day
waa pretty well cleaned out of first hands.
New Potatoes were easier unrier Increased re
ceipts, 142 sacks being received. Dealers re
ported a steady inquiry for seed Potatoes and
small Orerron Burbanks were held firm at
higher rales. Onions were steady at unchanged
prices.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Livestock Market..
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, April 5.— CATTLE— Receipts,
5000; steady: good to prime steers. $5 25@5 75;'
poor to medium, $3 «0®5;- stockers and feed
ers, $2 50®4 35; . cows, $1 75@4 25; heifers.
$2®i 50; . canners, ?1 75®2 50; bulls. $2 50&
3 UO; calves, , $2 50@5 50; Texas fed steers,
$4©4 05. . , •'
HOGS — Receipts to-day. l.'t.OOO; to-morTow,
30,000; weak to 5c lower; mixed and butchers,
$5 2t>ff»6 40; good to choice heavy. $3 35@5 J5 ;
rough heavy, $5 15^5 3<»; light, $5 15g5 30;
bulk of sales, $5 2005 35.
SHEEP— Receipts, 10.000; fheep and lamba
steady; good to choice wethers, $1 75i&3 3D;
fair to choice mixed. $3 ~Ti«fi r«0; Western
sheep. $4 35i@5 50: native Iambs, $i 50®5 SO;
Western Iambs, $4 25®0. 't .
STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. April 5.— Holiday in grain mar
kets. Election day. ; v
# ! . : , _^
Future Grain and Provisions.
Quotations show no change worthy of note.
Beef and Mutton rule firm at the recently
advanced prices, and receipts are sufficient
to keep the market fairly supplied. There are
enough Hogs coming in to check any further
advance at present, though the arrivals cannot
be called liberal. Veal continues In Its usual
ample supply. . .
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 7^@S^c for Steers and 7®7^c.per
lb fcr Cows.
VEAL— Large. 8«4S9c; small, 8V4@04c per
pound. - :¦;''¦''¦
MUTTON— Wethers, 94«104c; Ewes, 940
lOo iHir lb. • . $i
LAMB— lSJHCc per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. «4®9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per ct-nt shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 8®9c; , Cows and Heifers,
7@'»c; rhln Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES— 4#4 4c per lb (gross weight).
, SHEEP— Wethers. 44<g5Vkc; Ewes, 4Hg4%e
p*.r lb (gross weight).
LAMB— Spring, 15@lt>c per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs, 5Ti®6c;
over 200 lbs. S^&S^c: soft Hops. 4%@5».4c;
Sows, 20 per cent oft; Boars. 50 per cent off,
ami Stass. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions. .-
Meat Market.
Hops continue quiet in all positions and
quotations show no further , variation.
Shearing has been resumed In the northern
\vool districts and local dealers look for a
resumption, of tin delayed movement toward
the latter part a? the week. There Is .noth
ing going on locally at the moment and the
market continues nominal, though the feeling
Is rather firm than otherwise.
Hides stand the same, receipts being just
about large enough to satisfy the demand
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 4@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Ste?rs, 94c; medium, 8%c; light. 7%c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 7%c for light- Stags,
Uc; Salted KId, 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hides. 15@16c; dry Kip, 13c; dry
Calf, 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25'g'30c each
short Wool. 40ig«5c each; medium. 70@90c; long
Wool. $1@1 5*; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
lanje and $2®2 50 for medium, $1 2501 75 for
small and *5Uc tor Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1@1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck .Skins — Dry
Mexican, 31c; dry : Salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American, 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
gora3, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium,
«5c; small, 20c. ?."-
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4U@44c per lb;
No. 2. 34?i4c; grease, 2"4@f!c.-.
WOOL— spring clip — San Joaqufn and South
err. 12 months", O&llc: do 7 months*. 8®10c
per lb. • ¦ . ,
HOPS— 24@27c per lb for California, 1003.
and 1744/2'Jc for crop of 1KO4.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
JVall street stocks higher on the day. Cot f on loii'cr.
Xot much variation in local stocks.
Silver and Exchange rates about as before quoted.
Wheat quiet at previous prices. Freights rather firmer.
Barley very dull, with buyers holding off.
Oats, Corn end Rye steady to firm and quiet.
Flour and Millstuffs moving off fairly.
Hay, Bran and Middlings still selling very zvelL
Light but steady demand for Beans for the southwest.
Butter, Cheese mid Eggs still in liberal supply and easy.
No change in Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins and Honey.
Sliglit changes in Hams, Bacon and barreled Pork.
Hofs quiet and featureless. Wool and Hides as before.
Beef and Mutton still very firm. Hogs in ample receipt.
Potatoes still firm and active. Otrions steady.
Receipts of Asparagus and Rhubarb sufficient.
Poultry firm and in good demand. Game quiet.
Oranges and other Citrus Fruits in good supply.
Handlers of Beans continue to report a fair
demand for car lots for Texas and other
Southwestern points. Limas and Small Whites
are weak at the slight decline already noted,
while Pinks rule firm, as they are the kind
wanted for the Southwest. Seeds and Dried
Peas show no further change.' Canary and
Hemp Seed and Peas are firm and closely held.
BEANS— Bayos $2 35@2 50; Pea. $3@:$ 25;
Butters. $:t 50@:l 75;" small . White • *2 1KKW-1 10;
large White. $2 658f2 75; Pink, $3 3003 50;
Red, $4 50; Lima. *.{ 2U03 25; Red K;uneys,
$4 50&5; Blackeye $2«i2 15 per ctl; . Horse
Beans, $2® 2 50. T
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3 75#4; Yellow
Mustard. *o@:5 25; Flax. . $t SO®! JW; Canary.
54$5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa; 14U@16c; Rape
13402c; Timothy. t : @tiu,c; Hemp." 3>/'@4c per
lb; Millet, 3©3}£c; Broom Corn Seed $20«21
per ton. ¦ . ¦ . - . ' '
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye $3 per ctl- Niles*
$3 25; Green, 53@3 23. .
Beans and Seeds.
! . "Express Companies—
'Adams «20
American % UK) 192 192 I'.K)
United States 105
Wells-Fargo .... ..... 205
Miscellaneous —
j Amal Copyer 70,700 50*i 49-* 50»fc
Amer Car £¦ Fdy.. tiOO 20V4 20^4 20
Amer C & F pfd... 300 73 T2% 72 V4
Arn?r Cotton Oil . . 100 30 ' 30 29Ji
Amer Cot Oil pfj . * SS
American Ice : 100 7"ri ~% 7
Amer Ice pfd .... 100 27H 27Vs 27*1
Amer Linseed Oil J.U,
Amer Lin Oil pfd .'. 28%
American Loco GW 2414 21>£ 21 »i
Amrr I^jco pfd 100 ;S2ij 82>4 S2
Amer Sm & Rfg... 7C0 MS^J 48V& 48 U
Amer S & R pfd.. 000 flrjifc 931^ fiu
Amer Sugar Rfg... 3.S0O 127S» V2«% 120"^
Aanaconda Mng Co 1.5C0 70' 69 (Ots
Brooklyn Rap Tr.. 22,800 45 \ 43»i 44U
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 2,700 30*4 2SVi 29Vii
Consolidated Gas.. 1.100 r<M)*g 198% 109'
'Com Products 1. ..'.. 1314
j Corn Prod pfd >. . . 08 is
! Distillers' Secur. .. 400 24 -23 -2*i
General Electric... 300 102*4 162«i l«w'
Inttr Paper mj
Inter Pa^vr pfd... 1,700 C7*i C8% 67*4
j Inter Pump 37
I Inter Pump pfd... 200 77 76 70
National Lead 14%
North American. .. H0O 84Vi 84*4 S4V,
Pacific Mall ftOO 27T« Zlhb 27%
People's Uas 4.SKK) «7U 8«?i 9«Vi
j Pressed Ste?l Car " 28?i
j Press Steel Car pfd ..... .... .... «9
Pullman Pal Oar 200
Republic Steel 1.340 7^ 7V& 7*4
Rfr,uh .Steel pfd... l.!K;0 47 44 4(iU
I Rubber Goods 100 l:»H 19^ 1»^»
; Rubber Goo.1s pfd. 100 7»Hi 73H -T3
! Tern Coal & Iron. 5,700 40 39 39%
U S Leather ' 0%
U S leather pfd... 20<» 7S*4 78 -¦ 78
U S Realty 1.100 6»i 6^ UV4
U S Realty Dfd . . -3.300 54» 4 51 MYt
V S Rubber ..:-... 1.500 13% IS 13%
? * U S Rubber pfd... l.ti(K» S8M1 &7*i 5 *?i
C e U S S Steel 2.H00 11H 10's 11
' n O K Steel pfd < 57.lnr» 59«4 58% 58V4
a - Westinghouse EIpc 30l> 161 Nr 1HO ltMJ
1(1 Wpstern Union SSU
Northern Secur °8
r- - m
Total fales 639.6C0. »
™ UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
4| NEW YORK, April 5.— No bond transactions
3. to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
ty Common— Bid. $4 25; asked, $4 37^. Pre
ferred—Bid, $35 75; at-ked, $36.
ih NEW YORK BONDS.
,. U S ref 2s reg. .1C5»4!L & S unified 4s. 09
Do coupon 105»i|Man con gold 4B.10U4
Do Ss reg lOTi^lMex Oat 4b «55»«
g . Do coupon 107 1 Do 1st Inc.* 13H
Do new 4s re K.132% ! Minn & Pt L 4s." 90
Do coupon 133 |M K & T 4s« HO
Do old 4s reg.lO7UI Do 2ds ••• 774
* Do coupon 1O7^4|NR of Mex con 4s 74
Atch gen 4s 99 l ,4|N Y C gen -I^s. . 98
Do adj 4s 89HIN J C gen 5« 128%
Atlantic C L 4s. 92 Hi Nor Pac 4s l"2Vi
~ r.al & Ohio 4s.. 10(1% j Do Ss 72'i
Do 3Vss 94 Nor & con 4s. 97V4
Central of Ga 5?.10C«i OSL 4s &- partlc. J»5',i
L>o 1st inc GS Pa conv 3^s.... 96'i
Ches & Ohio 4HslO2 j Reading gen 4s... 96*i
n I Chi & Alton 3Hs. 70 IBL & 1 M con Cs.m 1 *
1 I C. B & Q new 4s. 93ViS L & S F fg 4s. 82'i
CM & sr en 4s.lOSV4]st l>outs SW 1st*. «-»%
3 ! O & NW con 7s..l'JJ>HtS^aboard A L 4s. «R
, iC R I & Pac 4». "lHiSo Pac 4s 8!>%
Do ool 5s 7914JS0 Railway .%s...H3'i
C <'.C & EL f?n43. lOOV-,1 Tex & Pac l*ts..H7
b CM Term if SO\|T. St L & W <*• ?»
5 Cons Tobacco 4s». Wil Union Pacific 4g.lO3%
.r ! Colo & So 4s S3%! I>o ronv 4s ... 99%'
! C F & 1 5s 71 JU S Ste«J 2d 5s. 78%
I Den & Rio <• 4s. 97H! VVabash lsts ....11H«4
1 Erie prinr Urn 4s. 97961 Do deb B R1'4
Do pen 4» R514JW & L Erie 4s.. 874
F W & D C IflUulOS Wis Cent 4s $$%
;. j Hock Val IHs.MOSM
NEW YORK. MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10! Little Chief MS
Alice SO- Ontario 4 50
Hr«v-c«> 12IOphir 5 SO
•- r.runF Con l«i in-.^onix 05
:- Com Tannrl* .... <J».Potosi 2.1
.. Con Cal i Va.. 1 75; Savage 82
„ Horn Silver 1 25i Sierra Nev US
v Iron Silver 2 15iSmall Hopes .... 15
s Leadville Con ... 02|Standard 2 CO
e j Boston Stocks and Bonds. - i
;i . j
»l Money— I U S Steel 11
Call loans S'^.IHt Do pfd ff«*i i
- Time loans . . ,3 1 i^4Vitt\\>stln? Common. SO .',
s. Bond*— | lllnins— \
- Atchteon 4s 93 1 Adventure 2% '
Do adj 4s SSi-iJAIloues 3»i j
¦ Mex Cent 4s 63^1 Amal Copper 50%
f Railroads — (Amer Zinc Ill,
i Atchison 72%; Atlantic P«.^ )
Do pfd 91=11 Bir.gham . . .» 22Vi i
u Boston & Albany.243^5|.Calumet & Hecla.458 !
3 Boston & Maine. 160 I Centennial 21
i Boston Elev ....139 j Copper Range ... 43 s s
1 Kitchburg pfd 139H|Daly West 26 :'
I Hex Central 9'j|Dom Coal 50%
- N Y. N H *: H..1R9 iFranklin 7%-'
- Pcre Marquette.. 78 jGrancy 2*4
- Union Pacific... SSliJIslc Royale 7>4
.• Miscellaneous — |Mass Mining 4^
f Amer Arge Chem. 13 IMichigan 54
s Do pfd 72 ' Mohawk 414 ¦
- Amer Pneu Tube. 4%|Mont Coal '& C. . 24 !
t Amer Sugar 126~ijOld Dominion ... 13% ;
Do pfd 125'.iiOsceo!a 5»'
I Amer Tel & Tel.120 i Parrot 25 - >4 I
i Amer Woolen pfd 74U!Qulncy ...'. S8 '.
I Dom Iron & S... fl (Shannon S>: !
{ Ed Elect Ilium.. 135 Vi I Tamarack 9S' !
1 j Gen Electric I«3 ITrinity 4 !
; Mass Electric 19 |U S Mining 20% !
Do pfd 74 |C S Oil 9H
Mars Gas 40% i Utah ." 3414 !
I!n Shoe Mach.. 48 IVIctoria 3Vi
Do pfd 28 IWinona ejsi j
United Fruit ... .100%| Wolverine 71
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. 86 jN Y Central 120-
Do for acct... 86%iNor & Weptern.. 5JIJ
Anaconda XMfc j Do pfd ko V4 j
Atrhlson 73^|Ont & Western.. 22 !
Do pfd 94 jPrnnflylvanla CO'4 !
Bnl & Ohio 82 l i|Rand Mines w%
Can Pacific 118»i| Reading- 22»i
Ches & Ohio..... 33% j Do 1st pfd 40
Chi Great West. 17>i! Do 2d pfd 30Vi I
Chi. Mil & St P.HSVilSo Railway 22*; j
De Beers lOTiJ Do rH Sfl'i
Den & Rio G 20%jSo Pacific 51>i 1
Do pfd 72>-i|UnIon Pacific »0*i 1
Erie 20^| Do pfd D6U •
Do 1st pfd 65%|U S Steel 1114 |
Do 2d pfd 41 Do- pfd CO*54
111 Central 134J,4IWabash 394 i
Louis & Nash... Ill I Do pfd ,T9 '
M. K & Texas... lS^ISpanlsh 4s 80%
Bar silver, steady; 23^d per ounce.
Money, 24@3 per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 2%^2% j>er cent, and the rate
of discount In the open market for three
months" bills Is 2 ll-ie®2% per cent.
Neiv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. April 5. — Cotton futures
closed at about the lowest of the day at a net
decline of 36 to 06 points. |
New York Grain and Produce, i
*
NEW YORK. April 5.— FLOUR— Exports
11.200; sales, 9000. Dull and easy. Wheat
was quotably lower. Minnesota, bakers, $4 lOfl) I
4 35: winter straights, $4 95@5 15. m
WHEAT — Receipts, 12.000. Spot easy No ]
2 red, $1 03, nominal; elevator, $1 04®1*07
nominal f. o. b. Options showed further weak
ness to-day under steady liquidation. Near '
the close they rallied on covering, were finally
%©l%c net lower. May, 94%c. closed at 95HC- 1
Seotember, 83c. . 1
HOPS— Oulet. - 1
PETROLEUM — Easy.
COFFEE: — Spot Rio, firm;. No. 7 Invoice. '
6%c; mild, steady. . 1
The market for Coffee future* . closed firm *
at a net advance of 20®25 points. Sales were
reported of 117.250 bags. Including: April I
5.«0c; May. 5.70@5.80c; July, 5.9006.00c; Au- I
pust. 8.10c; September. 6.1508.35c; October «
6.30®6.40c; December, 6.50®«.70c. . j
SUGAR— Raw. firm; fair refining, 3 6-32c* $
centrifugal. 06 test. 3 21-32c; molasses sugar
2 29-32: refined, firm. j
. DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market in
quiet, with prices eteady. Common are quoted
at 405V4c: prime, 6fce5*4c; choice. 6K®6%c
fancy. 7074c S( " sc '
PRUNES — Remain quiet locally, with prices
still ranging from :<Vic to 6KC, according tu *
grade. ¦ ' -
APRICOTS— Are more or less nominal 5
Choice are quoted at . 8^01Oc: extra choice C
lOUeiO^c and fancy at 11® 13c. cnolce . p
PEACHES — Are firm. Choice, "y@«7J4c-ex
tra choice, 7«4®8c: fancy.. 94 @10c. t
New York Metal Market. $,
NEW YORK, April 5— Tin ruled very firm rl
both here and abroad, to-day. London prices °
were advanced 17s 6d for spot and £1 for fu- p
';«**& t0T , mer ' Position closing at F
£128 12s Cd and the latter at £128 15s. Locally
tin was about %c higher, closing at $28 50© '
Copper edvanced ' 12s fid to £5S 15g for spot
and 15s to £56 12a «d for futures in the Lon
don market. Locally : pricps are held . firm, tl
Lake is: quoted at $13913 25; : electrolytic m
$i::@W 124. and casting. $12 75«T13. ? # .'tl
¦' I^ead at £12 3s M in Lon- tl
don and at $4 CO04 <J5 in New York. — d«
Spelter was firmer, here, closing at $5 250 I
Chicago Board of Trade.
-NEW YORK. April 5. — Special cable and
telegraphic communications received by Brad
street's s. v .ow the following changes in avail
able supplies', as compared with last accounts:
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decreased 706. CCO bushels; afloat for
and in Euro;*?, increased 400,000 bushels;
total supply decreased. 3S)6,000 bushels.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of
Rockies. dccieuEed 1,337,000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decreased 144,000 bushels.
Available Grain Supply.
OOTTOLKNE-^One half barrel, 9ftc; three
half barrels. 9c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8%c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
LARD — Tireces quoted at 6*ic per lb'"for
compound and 9c for. pure; half-barrels, pure,
»*ie; 10-lb tins, 9%c; 5-lb tins 9T»e; 3-lb tins,
10c. -
of the Western markets. Hams harp been
marked " down Uc, and extra, clear V Pork Ms
lower. Otherwise there Is -no change. -The
market is quiet. The Chicago Board of
Trade was not in session yesterday. .
CURED MEATS— Bacon. lO&c per . lb for
heavy lie for light medium; 13c for light,
14V-C for extra light and 15@16c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12?;c; Cali
fornia" Hams ll%@12Hc; Mess Beef. $10 50©
11 per bbl; extra Mess.' $11 50@12; Family.
$12 50@13; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear,
$24; Mess. $18; Dry- Salted Pork. 10^c: Pig
Pork.- $27; Pigs' Feet. $3; Smoked Beef, 14c
per lb. ' -
MIDDLINGS— $24@26 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $19@20 per tori. .
* FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24(£25 . per
ton; Oilcake Meal * at the mill. $29 50@21;
jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake, $22@23: Corn
Meal. $29 50®30 50; Cracked Corn, $30@31;
Mixed Feed.- $21@22; Horse Beans, • $30®
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAT— Wheat, $15@17; Wheat and Oat,
$14 50@16 50; Oat $14@16: Barley. $13@15;
Stock, $12 50@13 50; Alfalfa.- $12 50®14 per
ton. - ' v
STRAW— 50@75c per bale.
Iron- closed at 52s fld in the Glasgow mar
ket and at 44s J)d in Middlesboro. locally iron
Is . firm. No._ 1 . foundry - Northern, $15 25®
15 76; No. 2 foundry Northern, $15 25@15 75;
No. 1 foundry Southern and No. 1 foundry
Southern soft, $14 25@14 75.,
5 SO. In London the' market advanced 2s 6d
to £22 2s Cd. ¦ i ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, •;.:APRIL 6, 1904.
Continued on Page Fourteei.
Provisions.
' 'The 'heavy grades 'of Bacon have been" mark
ed up ' slightly, to :• adjust them to ?the> level
' These markets are ; quiet, largely owing- 1 to
the fine grass growing ;? weather... but; there Is
no ¦ particular; weakness apparent. : and in fact
the feeling, in all descriptions is rather steady
than ¦¦ otherwise. • as stocks are light I and 5 the
demand la good, i ¦ • : ¦•*..'. *.
BRAN— $19<?20 per. ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SMS
£& £* ;
KE^^rilT^ST! \? E d1S^S?
at 11 a. m.. I win sell 6O head of good work
horses. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. ¦
Ine Liverpool. $14. $15 and $18 per ton In pack-
agsj of 224. 1O> and 50 lbs respectively. - -. ,
SLGAR*-The Western Sugar Refining Com-
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.65c;
Powdered, 5.&Oc; Candy Granulated. 5.50c;
Dry Granulated, fine. 5.40c; Dry Granu-
lated, coarse, 5.40c; Fruit Granulated 5 40c;
Beet Granulated. (100-lb bags only). 5.30c:
Confectioners' A, 5.40c; Magnolia A. 5c:
Extra C, m 4.90c;- Golden C. 4.80c; "D."
4.70c; barreTs, 10c more; half barrel*. 23c more;
boxes, 50c more: 50-lb baes. 10c more for all
kinds. Tablets— Half barrels. 5.90c; boxes.
«.15c: H. & E. Crystal Domlnos. 8.40c pes- lb.
No orders tak*n for less than seventy-five bar-
rels or its equivalent.
LUMBER— Pint, ordinary sixes. $1&319; ex-
tra sizes higher; Redwood. $19®23; Lath 4
feet, $:: 75©4: Pickets. $17f?25; Shingles. $2 for
No 1 and $1 50 for No. 2; Shakes. $14 for
split and $15 for sawn; Rustic, $32$34. f'jr •. Burnett's Extract' of. Vanilla-- la
purity and itrength pre-eminently superior. •
Justice of the Peace Craghlll of Santa
Cruz has fined Fred Chapin 120 for
catching trout during the close sea
son. W. M. Phillipscra and R. H. Nich
ols have ' been held to answer before
the Superior Court of Tuolumne County
for having deerskins in their posses
sion.
Violate Game Laws.
That's th« way to go East. Take the Orer
land Limited, which will take you over ta«
Southern and Union Pacific without change to
Chlcaso. You leave at a convenient ¦ time, 10
a. m.. > enjoy fine scenery by day and electric
light by night.. Get.descriptlve book from S.
F. Booth, Gen. . Agt. U. P. R. R.. 1 Mont
gomery street. . • •
Travel in Luxury.
Arno Robert Dietel, 'Joseph' Clifford 1 ' Field,'
William Edward Dowie. 7 Bernard ': Maloney,'
Charles Goff, Harold Walter Levy, . Joseph
Harry- Gorham^ Thomas F. Reagan. John Joseph
Casey." James William Boyle, Goodman Har
vey Lance. Thomas . Herbert Dowd, Frederick
Andrew Smith, Leonard Fox; Frederick O'Neill,
Thomas Kelly. Kdward^J. Wiskotchlll, Loula
Cornelius, John Thomas Rudden, Thomas Fur
man. John . Henry Falrweather, Thomas Ro
nayne Esran, Edmond F. ¦ Parquet, Peter M.
MeGee, Frank William Kerrigan. Charles J.
Sheble. Joseph John HefTernan, ¦ William Mur
phy. August 'Hjalmar .Johnson, Joseph Philip
McMahon.- John W.' Wright, Michael Henry
Dolan. > William Patrick' Monahan,' Henry Ed
ward Nolan; William > Ignatius Burns,- George
Frank Ewing, Vincent I Bernard J Lewis. Walter
S. Nell. ' George 'A. Sullivan, - Luclne E. Ful
wider, William E. Cooney, William Peter Sav
age. James Henry . Steenson, • Arthur Sullivan,
James • Francis Rooney, Charles ¦• Uhte/ John
Connolly. "William Christopher -Byrne.- Frank
Earl Winter, . -John S. P. ; Dean, -Jeremiah
O'Dowd, James "Joseph Torpey, Daniel Joseph
Collins, Henry M. - Smith, Jeremiah Cowhig,
Hubert H.' Morbney, George F.. Kopman, Wal
lace* S.- McDonald. Eugene 'Stephen' Hettinger.
John J. Sullivan, Francis E.JIahoney; William
Qulnlan. ' Thomas Henry White. Louis P. H.
Meyer, Herman .G.. Maas.^ James Joseph King.
Martin A. 'Fogarty, Anton Schoembs. Jeremiah
Joseph Hurley. ,. William F. • Dor»*y, John Job
eph Nolan,' George - Henry ¦•Williams, Harry
Loom Is Cook, Leo Edward Bunner, Robert V.
Williams, Richard James Nolan. F. W. Potter.
Albert Lanzcndorf. : Archie C. Cleaver. ' Joseph
11. ¦ O' Brlen. Alexander J. Doyle. William
Thomas Moran, ,, John .Joseph Lyons, ' Byron
Chase Wood, Howard C. Mallen, Martin Judge,
Nelse Miller, Harry H. H. Watkins, John Rob
ert Dower, Michael Bain,- Joseph Speck,
Thomas F.iFitzpatrlck. Thomas A. Kerrigan.
William H.' King. Edward F. Lawrence, John
Joseph Cummlngs. -IVilllam Lee. Purcell. Paul
V, Hellman. Charles M.- Grush. Charles ' F.
'Robinson, Thomas D. O'Brien, Edward D. Mc-
Cormick, Thomas M. Hyland. Thomas E. Bol
ger, James M. Dunning,- Oliver /James ' Mc-
Leod, John • A. Mitchell, j Leonard V. .Walker,
Thomas Casey, ' William :. Erickson, Ste
phen U. - Bernal, - Henry C. ' Kalmbach.
Thomas ¦ G. Ward, Charles ..WV . - King,
Hu~h-J. Lyons, Charles Gallivan, Rafe C>t>
penheim. Georre W.. Campbell, Henry R.
Smith. Daniel F. Ward. Oliver T. Cox,. James
R. Murphy; Edward • M. Naughton, Gustav
Henry Belsel, Fred ; Kirchncr. - John J. Man
ran. . Daniel J. Cooney.- William" J.- Quinn,
James Henry Coleman. Henry Nelson Wagner,
Patrick Joseph Noone,- Arthur Joseph Dolan,
George- Joseph Mclaughlin," Herman C." Hex
trum; John James Harper; • Howard . H. Cham
berlin, Joseph .Thomas Kane," Michael J. ¦ Hag-'
gerty. Frederick J. . Staeglich. ¦¦-.- ..William . J.
Downlns. John J. Walsh.- ;• Eugene Joseph
Eean. James Carey; Herman Rumelsch. John
Charles - Van Emen, James 'Francis -Halsey.
Edward : James McDevitt. Carl Walter Rose.-
Henry James Charlton, • Mathew A. 'Collins,
Mark Murphy Wlllever, Richard .Thomas Cur
tln, Michael Hayes. ; Allen Lawrence J McGinn.
Randolph -Clinton. Strour>. . Robert " L- Wade
John .1. May. Frank Lawrence Holby. George
S. ¦•- Caveney. James 1 . D. - Sullivan,' John Ball.
Fdward Thomas McCarthy, Maurice Hayes.
John C. G. Stuart. Miles Michael Jackson.
Thomas Francis Meehan. : John Joseph Rooney.
BerfK.' Davis. Andrew Walter Miller. Earl
Russell Moore; Earl-James Cassady", -Frank
E. Campbell,. Timothy.: Vincent' O'Brien;; Ed
ward -" John McSheehy.'-John. J.'- Oillajrhan,
Georre ; J. Ohnimun; William ¦ Martin Bear;
Nicholas James Rellly. Henry .Corbett* Jagper
Jr.. William .' Francis < Hegjrerty, E. .D." Mc-
Crea.'. Henry Harrington': McGowan. Joseph
Leroux. Thomas Joseph -.* Stanton.~ Peter Jo
seph t Hughes. .John Hunt. .William Patrick
Maruire. - Robert Malburar." Thomas ..William
Maloney,-: Charles'- Franklin- , Lund,, Thomas
Francas Bell,. Arthur "'Wallace Bigelow,
Thomn* Doyle.? John Patrick- Hanrahan.* ; Wil
liam ' Henry ¦ Shcrrett/ Ge«nre -Andrew - HII
dreth. • Robert ; 3. Tobln.-..- Bernard J. - Curtis.
Eric Ruu* ' Jt-.,* Melville E.. F.> Stevens. .Thom««
Fdward % Gorman. i Andrew ".John* Rlmllnger and
Thomas -F. 'Maher.", '?.**• *. '-.•.%i i^ ;.>'',.¦. "
The Civil Service Commission yes
terday announced the -eligible list.' of
policemen .as ; a result of the recent
examination. Out of 276 'who took
the. test -the following named 203
passed: ' ".*•¦• , • . ..•, '
Civil Service Commission Makes
Known Names of Successful ¦ Ap
plicants in Recent Examination."^ ; ".
ANNOUNCES ELIGIBLE
: LIST i OF ' POLICEMEN"
James McCulIdugh, who has filled
the position of key clerk at the Palace
Hotel for several years, was yesterday
promoted to the position of rooming
clerk to.suceed" "Len" Austin, who re
cently resigned to accept the manage
ment of the tent city at Santa Cruz.
McCulIough has been connected with
the Palace for many years, having en
tered on his career there as a bellboy,
in which capacity he gained many
friends and eventually earned for him
self recognition from Manager Kirk
patrick for his ability and appointment
to a higher, place.
McCulIough will be succeeded as key
clerk by Carroll Sword, Who has until
recently been employed in the Im
perial .Hotel "in New York City. The
change takes effect Saturday.
Will Succeed "Len" Austin .as Room
Clerk When the Latter Retires
'i : .-¦'•?. '.'; % Saturday.
JAMES McCULLOUGH IS
PRO3IOTED AT PAIjACE
Mrs. George Law Smith presided —
and *ith what a manifestation of pa
tience! No amount of chatter calls
forth from the chair more than a look
of reproval. and the tap, tap of the
little wooden hammer.
" Before the real action of the after
noon began, reports from the depart
ment leaders were heard — and ladies,
congratulations for the brevity, pith
and conciseness of the information
given. As a rule — lest one be directly
interested in the particular department
under discussion — the reports of de
partment* are rather dull.
But yesterday vital interest was
manifested in ail three recapitulations
of work — Mrs. J. W. Orr reporting for
the Educational Department as its
chairman, Mrs. Jacob Brandt for the
Social Science Department and .Mrs.
F. W. Bradley for the Civics.
Mrs. Orr, working along the lines of
decoration for the home, announced
the completion of the work of decorat
ing the assembly hall in Franklin
Grammar School, wherein a reception
will be held on the 15th, when the girls
of the cooking classes will serve re
freshments for visiting friends.
The work was done through the
co-operation of the Board of Ed
ucation and the Franklin school,
likewise its principal, Mr. Faulk
ner; bnt the collecting of mon
eys was mostly due to the enter
gleg . of Mrs. Orr's department of the
club. And thus is demonstrated the
fast that not only the school board,
the children, and even their par
ents, can be aroused to the value of
domestic art: and it is this fact pri
marily that the club seeks to develop —
There was business in the air at the
California Club yesterday afternoon —
and it crystallised into tangible form
when the tondidates for delegates to
the Biennial— magical word in the
clubwoman's lexicon — parsed muster at
the door, and began to get busy.
By Sally Sharp.
Dr. John E. Gardiner, .the Chinese
Inspector who arrested Horn Toon
while that bald-headed and wily Ce
lestial was hiding under a bed in Chi
natown, was an interested spectator.
Wong Din, who is the Chinese defend
ant in the second conspiracy charge,
is now serving a six months' term in
the Cfounty Jail for "substituting" a
Chinese coolie at Brown's photograph
gallery. Wong Din is the Chinese
named in the confession made last
September by William P. Gamble, Dep
uty United States Marshal. Gamble
said Wong Din waited for him in the
Appraisers' building with six Chinese
substitutes to , be taken to the steamer
for deportation. They were to be. used
in place of six taken the same morn
ing from the County Jail bv Gamble
and released by him on the corner of
Broadway and Sansome street.
of the jury to heart, but Dasha sto
ically and energetically chewed a wad
of gum, as he had been doing during
the trial.
We are sole agents for Fountain Pens
that will fit your hand, do not leak and
will write without coaxing. Price, 51.00
to $5.00. Sanborn, «Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket st. • ¦ - - •
CLUB WOMEN
NAME DELEGATES
TO ST. LOUIS
Lieutenant". Ned .M. Green, Twenty
fifth Infantry, stationed at, Fort Nio
brara,. Nebraska,' registered ¦' at-.head
quarters on leave. He is staying, at the
Occidental. •" - ¦'-•< . ' .
Three brothers of the name of
Strunks, who enlisted together in the
Ninety-second Company, Coast Artil
lery, three years ago in Kentucky, were
discharged yesterday, their term of en
listment having expired. They h^ive
served together continuously. They re
ceived their discharges with . excellent
recommendation for good character. .
The regimental drill of the Twerity r
eighth. Infantry, .which was announced
to take place yesterday afternoon 'on
the golf links, failed to materialize/
Quite a crowd of sightseers gathered on*
the .scene 'and were naturally disap
pointed that 'the troops. did not appear.
Majors Bigelow . and ' his .squadron > of
Ninth Cavalry will again put; up.bne "of,
their interesting problem. exercises on
the golf links ancT vicinity at .8:30
o'clock this morning. " Review - will fol
low at 10 a. m.
Lieutenant Colonel Edward A. Goocl
win, who was reported to have arrived
here to relieve Major. Bigelow, has not
put in an appearance. So far as Gen
eral MacArthur knows, the expected
relief may still be on the exposition
grounds at St. Louis. When he does
arrive General MacArthur, will know
it, as It will be Co-lonel Goodwin's first
duty to present himself at headquar
ters. . : .
Major Carrington and nis Filipino
scouts are still the attraction at the
Presidio, and every afternoon the drill
and parade draw crowds. Major Car
rington will accompany the scouts to
St. Louis and then report by letter to
the adjutant general at Washington for
instructions. He will try to have his
orders sending him back to Manila re
voked, as he wants to remain , on the
exposition grounds in charge of his bat
talion. The scouts will probably depart
next week.
ate Efforts to Remain With Bat
talion at- St. Louis, i;' .;:
Major Carrinffton Will Make Desper-
SCOUTS STILL DRAW BIG
CROWDS TO THE PRESIDIO
Miss Elvira Hobbs and Earl New
man Percy will be married Tuesday
evening, April 19, at 9 o'clock at the
residence of the bride's mother. The
bride-to-be Is the daughter of the late
J. K. C. Hobbs, who passed away while
Nominations for representatives at
St. Louis for May 17, 18 and 19 were
made from the floor. Much modesty
prevailed, as is usual in all thrustings
of honors — be it with men or women —
until the ballots were cast and counted
and the following women were declared
elected: Delegates— Mrs. A. W. Corn
wall. Mrs. J. W. Orr. Mrs. Aylette Cot
ton, Miss Susanne Patch, Mrs. E. J.
Foster. Alternates— Mrs. A. L. Barnes,
Dr. Minora Kibbe. Mrs. E. L. Camp
bell, Mrs. J. S. Sanborn, Mrs. W. A.
Goodwin.
And now, ye menfolk, behold the
loyalty of the California women to
California's , candidate for national
president — the delegates will go "in
structed" — and instructed to vote for
the California nominee if there be one
<it being an acknowledged fact that
Mrs. Robert Burdette of. Los Angeles
will seek nomination). Now, there is
the spirit that should exist everywhere
but doesn't — loyalty to the home prod
uct. It may be provincial and selfish
and other unpleasant-sounding things,
but iff logical and — successful.
California Is just learning how. Per
haps the men in their politics may ac
quire the habit thus thrust upon them
by the womenfolk. Who knows? And
may the Californian win out at St.
Louis.
Mrs. Baldwin of the Civics told of
the birth, growth and development of
the Juvenile Court and of the splendid
result3 that, in one short year, can be
charged to its account.
Other matters of civic policy were
entered into briefly and then— the real
work was on.
a stimulant to the necessity for artis
tic surroundings.
Mrs. Brandt dilated upon the agita
tion created by the Social Science De
partment for the establishment of
sanitoria for the care of tubercular
patients. Results— tangible results
have not ye't materialized, but the peo
ple are thinking on the subjeqt. and
therein lies much gratification. Much
relief work has been done by this de
partment, and much is planned ahead.
. George ;T. Marye Jr. has left Cairo
for Italy, as have also the Sidney
Smiths, Mrs. Leland Stanford and the
Winthrop Lesters. Jeremiah Lynch has
gone to London. He gave a farewell
dinner in Cairo to a party .including
Thachaney Pasha, Count and Countess
Zogheb, Lord Dormer, Miss Dormer,
Lord and Lady Carnarvon and a num
ber of others.
Miss Polly Tongue, who has been
spending the last two months in San
Francisco, left for her home in Oregon
Mr. and Mrs. John Dickinson Sher
wood, who have been spending the win
ter here, left for their home in Spokane
last night, going via Portland and the
cities of the Sound.
To-morrow evening the card party
at Native Sons' Hall for the benefit
of the Nursery for Homeless Children
will he-Id the boards effectually, if prog
nostications prophesy anything. The
lady managers have arranged for 2000
pla*yers and a merry time is promised.
Tickets, which are $1, can be purchased
from Sherman, Clay & Co., or from
the managers, among whom are: Mrs.
J. ; Bertz. president; Mrs. William
Thomas, Mrs. George Sperry, Mrs. Ed
gar F. Pregton, Mrs. Eugene Bresse,
Mrs. Burns. Mrs. W. S. Leake, Mrs.
Homer Osbourne, Mrs. Guy Manning
and Mrs. Gerstle.
The San Francisco Nursery for
Hc-meless Children is now located at
1534 Mission street, and this clever
scheme is adopted as a means to raise
money to build a suitable home for the
homeless little ones. Where at our
doors lies the nobler cause?
en route from Europe to his home in
this city. Owing to the bereavement
of the family, it has been decided to
ask only the young friends of the cou
ple to the wedding.
Druskin is detained in "the tanks"
pending an investigation. He says he
is 19 years of age, that he belongs to
San Jose and" is a son of Julius Drus
kin, a junk dealer there. He told De
tectives Dlnan and Wren that he had
been seeing a friend home, but he re
fused to give his friend's name or ad
dress, or to say where he had been liv
ing. Two men who have been held up
recently in the Western Addition will
be asked "to call at the prison to see if
they can identify Druskin.
Detectives Wren and Dinan searched
Druskin's room last night. They found
a large eight-ounce boitie of distilled
chloroform, ' a bicycle and a shotgun.
When Druskin was searched the offi
cers found two loaded revolvers, a box
of cartridges, a slung shot, a false
black mustache, ?32»in coin and a dia
mond ring. ' What gives color to the
suspicion that Druskin is a footpad is
the possession of the black mustache,
more than anything else, as the de
scription with mustache answers that
given by a man who was robbed fn
Jefferson square a few nights ago.
By this time Wafd was only -a few
yards behind Druskin, and 'when Drus
kin'saw him he started to run. Ward
took up the chase, and, after running
four blocks, Druskin was met by Po
licemen Ottson and Casey, who seized
him. * ., -v.V -
The police believe that In George
Druskin, who was arrested at an early
hour yesterday morning at Van Ness
avenue and Grove street by Policemen
Ottson, -"Casey and Ward, they have the
man who has been holding up people in
the Western Addition.
Policeman Ward observed Druskin
following M. C. Nelson of 408 Fulton
street, who was on his way < home. A3
Druskin's actions were suspicious,
Ward started after him. Druskin was
rapidly gaining on Nelson when Nelson
reached his residence and quickly
opening the front door closed it almost
in Druskin's face.
He was given permission to interro
gate the jurors, and one of them, Ru
dolph Mohr, admitted that Dempsey's
plea of guilty had prejudiced him
against the rest of the gang. Judge
de Haven excused Juror Mohr from the
further consideration of the case, but
as the panel had been already excused
for the day Mr. Mohr's place could not
be filled and the trial went over until
11 a. m. to-day.
At the beginning of the trial on the
second indictment counsel for the de
fendants raised the contention that the
defendants Dasha and Dempsey having
been convicted of conspiracy could not
be placed again upon trial, because
whatever was done by them .with re
spect to Horn Toon, Wong Din and Lee
Lin was in pursuance of the one con
spiracy of which they had been con
victed.
Judge de Haven remarked that the
point was one for serious considera
tion, but that he would not, at that
time, grant the motion to dismiss. He
added. that the point could be made
just as well after conviction as before.
.lUDGK i>E HAVEN'S CHARGE.
The court, in charging the jury in
the ; morning in the trial of Dasha,
Dempsey and Horn Toon, said that
conspiracy might be proved by circum
stantial evidence. The trial was not,
he added, for illegally landing Chi
nese, buft^for conspiring to do so; and
that should it be proved in this case
that the defendants had illegally land
ed Chinese that would not prove them
guilty of conspiracy unless conspir
acy were also _ proved. The illegal
landing of Chinese, was an offense for
which the defendants could be punish
ed, but the indictment under which
they were being tried did not charge
that offense.
With reference to the . remarks of
defendant's counsel concerning the
testimony of Thomas T. " Burnett, the
court said that his testimony should
be weighed and considered with the
same care and in the. same manner
as that of any other witness in the
case.
Dempsey seemed to take the verdict
MOHR WAS- PKE.FUDICED.
In the United States District Court
yesterday, after deliberating for just
twelve minutes, the jury, convicted
William F. Dasha'. T. J. Dempsey and
Horn Toon of the crime of conspiring to
land Chinese in the United States ille
gally. The defendants were ordered to
appear for sentence to-morrow morn
ing at 11 o'clock without being required
to deposit any bail in addition to their
present bonds of J3000 each.
At 2 o'clock 'in the afternoon Thomas
T. Burnett was .granted a severance
and separate trial on the second indict
ment, which, charges W. . F. Dasha,
Thomas J. Dempsey, T. T. Burnett and
Wong Din with conspiring to land Chi
nese, illegally in the United States.
After the jury had been' impaneled; the
defendant Dempsey withdrew his pica
of not guilty and pleaded guilty. There
upon T. C. West, attorney for Wong
Din, remarked that the" action of one
of the defendants in pleading ' guilty
might have prejudiced the jury against
thy remaining defendants.
Officer Who Sees Suspect Fol
lowing Belated Citizen
Chases ? and Captures Hiih
Dempsey • Weakens After the
• Verdict and Admits His
Part in the Conspiracy
SECOXD' TRIAL BEGINS
THUG'S OUTFIT ON HDI
Dasha and His Fellows in
Crime Found Guilty in
Exactly Twelve 3Iinutes
Police Are. Investigating -the
Case of George Druskin,
Detained in City Prison
MAY BE DARING
YOUNG FOOTPAD
SUBSTITUTION
JURY CONVICTS
THE SAN FRANGISGO CALU; WEDNESDAY; ;APRI£: 6, 1904.
,/ Jjcg. Cabin! "The, bread' with a. .flavor." Atk
your dealer— wholesale— 000 Dolor*, at.'; •
;V The, trial of George \W.' Rumble wns
set in the United < States District Court
yesterday for May 2.; Rumble was in
dicted .for using: the" mails with Intent
to ,\ 'defraud his . • . correspondents * by
means of a mining schemed
Rumble's Tirial .Set.
16
* ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBEl
ISPEGIALS]
s '." ¦ -¦ ¦- .¦. .' ¦ . ,v ¦ ¦ .. s
I MOTHBALLS — 5c per Q _ VERONICA WATER— «
B ¦"' !)?;'. 6 '. bs - f u or - •.••••••• DC .- Special this** neck. . . . o - "
B This is. the time of Usually sold for 50c. OOC ¦
¦ the year to use c „ . _ _ _ , • , ¦
¦ -• ¦ ; rOOD — Special this H
B CAMELLINE — Special week ..............;¦
¦ this week OT The" $1.00 size; our oUCS
¦ Regularly .isc. *»v regular. price 50c. .CT a yg
¦ MURRAY & LAMNAN'S • SHEFFIELD'S DENTI- ¦
I IS FLORIDA WATER FRICE —Special g
¦ —Special this week.. » o price .;. , o ,"|
g Usually sold for -75c. t"^C ; Regular 25c size. I^SC.vg
B MENNEN'S TALCUM GOSNELL'S TOOTH i
H POWDER — Our ' PASTE — Special. .. o — J
g regular price 15c. Spe-' -^ Usually sold for 50c. -^"*^ H
s SheV^uVg^--sen IUC DAN^^f - s - ciai : :
¦'¦ lor 25C - "The $i.oo'sr2e." ; "" 59C 5
H HUNTER RYE WHIS- DUFFY'S MALT WHIS- ' m
¦ ' KEY —Special this KEY — Special this ,.g
S -. . week ............... ckfk^ week, ............... —^ S
p Usually sold for $1.25. »*v"C - v Usually sold for Sr.oo. • UC g
I GRANT DRUG COMPANY, I
J 38 THIRD STREET — Tel. Bush, 51. ¦
I McDflNNELUS PHARIVIACY f g
1 - (Formerly 1 10 Grant avenue.) S
m 803 -MARKET STREET — Tel. Bush .471. S
S PEOPLE'S DRUGSTORE* §
§ FOURTH AND HOWARD STREETS — Tel. South 12. £
I ROOT'S PHARIVIAGY, |
¦ . SIXTH AND HOWARD STREETS — Tel. Jessie 461. ¦
J SCAM ELL, the Druggist, 1
n :. BUSH r AND DEVISADERO STREETS — Tel. West # B
i BBBBBBBBflBBBflBBBBBBBflBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB f
advzbtisejAjjts. . - '^-'_^^^~~^j^-^^~
Spring n **¦'¦ *m- .coii 1^. |i
/^ % J X? 1^ t /^Qr CONCAVF
L ifiTllP^ J^yh SHOULDER
Fit=to=Wear W
Clothes - gIJ'—
rTIT and hold their shape to the' end because they are made
by the best of tailors— men who know. We're proud of our
display of fabrics and we're prouder of our prices. Come and
sec why. Men's suits $14 to $28? as £ood as custom made
at double the price— you save the difference.
MILL TO MAIN CLOTHIERS.
•- - - " . &£&
5I6-SIS MARKET ST. M c b^ NER v
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\0Srtf ¦ ¦ - •
* B^^fl * BiBB ' B^BH ' hvS
We will place on sale this dap,
April 6th, the following two EXTRA
VALUES In-fine Wash Dress Goods,
L)liVil I lbh>
4 cases FINE IRISH DIMITIES. These are
in a beautlful.Yarietu of new designs and
warranted fast colors.
Price 25C Yard
1 1 k~jk3 LJ L4O
5 cases GENUINE EGYPTIAN TISSUES. This
t is one of the raost desirable fabrics for
summer wear. and comtfs in a great va-
riety of stules.
. . . : Price 25C Yard
See Window DisDlau of above, goods.
:¦-. •. \ ¦ ." ¦ . . . —:
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
•y — "
/• * •
iij, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREEI.
Your
Opportunity
Orcolcory "
Qlasswmro
Enamel Waro 4
High Qratfe
Ornmmonts
JSOKZOFF
•; it pays -
to trmdo
Great American Importing Tea Co,
Vfl Market Sl« «)T^nt.*\«. \o.' l>iv
140 Sixth IM\» l«*><M,W>v '• t *>V'n
*T.s UsUht JK^»rt .«»,«.*», H ,*.V\ |U>»»
S2SA Mt»»K>n Mt >»,-.m»' wx*. *i M*tMt
4% YOU \VR f \R 0
¦^^ OUVSSES «
¦ Art »*•* •WlMWt *u^ w.».v»» i\, ih«y r*.
ll«\* ih. »t«*i», tto(^»{ f\ri tow** «t,ih« tye,:
U not, «•• U*^ ,-M<w*^»'% AWMWM Ky««Ui»^
mall, «>\ M«k»M\i *>•» .tusjfti. tor* ?>¦«* % -
¦*«U, UK\v Vlv\^^V^. vH*>m*«» KiMtt Ob-
ADVXB,TISEMENTS.
*^""""7 ii "^—^—^— — ft H^^^SBBBffiMBiH^BBBBFHBI
f CHANCE il]M^ m^i
A fuU 4x4 Iron Bed for $1.00 | Bfiin.,.; — ... fflj
-With Heary Wire arattren $155 I K| IT Illl. . IM
f And Top Sanitary Ifiattreca 92.15 I h : *^ E~V *l i ¦ i i till 16
£ Come and «ee fcr yourself. Beds HB i^^T^' it^HurJ tl |jfl
Jtf of all «5e«crtptlons, ran grin g in pricei kfat A^