PRICE FIVE •¦'CENTS.
PORT ARTHUR'S CAPTURE
N0W THE MAIN FEATURE
OF JAPAN'S LAND PLANS
ST. PAUL. April 11.—In an interview
f "r The Call to-night J. J. Hill said that
tht- underlying petition to be heard to-
morrow in the United States Circuit
exactly where It was when the suit was
first begun. This was the original suit
against the merger, begrun before the
Federal Government began Its action.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
James J. Hill Describes for The Call
the Scope' of Harriman's Secur
ities Division Scheme.
RAILROAD KINGS BATTLE
IN COURT AT ST. PAUL
FOR AN ENORMOUS STAKE
War; News Continued on 1 Pace ; 3.
Colonel Hancock Is Very III.
WASHINGTON, April 11. — Colonel
John Hancock, \ brother of the late
General • Winfield Scott 1 Hancock, suf
fered a 'stroke' of . paralysis to-day at
his country home at Collingswood,
near HyattsviMe, lid. Some months
ago Colonel ' Hancock :was similarly
stricken, but the attack this- time is
regarded as much I more serious than
was the "former one. '
Congress May Attend Fair - Opening.
WASHINGTON. April - 11.—Con
gress has been invited, to attend the
opening of .the Louisiana Purchase
Exposition on Saturday, ' 30. The
Invitation "signed by ; President, Francis
was laid -before; the Senate and House
to-day.' - ; /•-¦' ¦ --¦¦;...¦
:: ,% April j £ 1 ll—Th'e
churches \ to-day /were I crowded- in 'ob
servance" of 'the* Easter -holiday -with
people "praying for ' victory. ; Many 'of
the ifnHabitants who^fled ; ; frbni Vladl-"
yostok'i, to"; Khabarovsk, ; Eastern ? Slbe- 1
ria,7at/th€ outbreak ": of .the . war» are
nowjreturning. *--'-;*'¦•* ¦¦ ¦ -\
Praying for. Victory.
;: SEBASTOPOL. April 11.— The : ob
servance^ of; Easter here, was -marked
by: a .patriotic demonstration. in honor
of /the '.arrival' of ; the ¦ captain and
other surviving , members ' of : the crew
of. the Russian gunboat Koreitz. \yjce
Admiral; Skrydloff, the commander* of
the Russian! Black Sea fleet, •. in hand-;
ing rthem > the -. cross ; of : St. / George;
compared •¦ their : exploits. to the heroic
deTense of the : Russians at" Sebastopol/
Koreitz Snrvivors AVelcomed.
CLAY CENTER, Kan, .April Ml.—
Excitement Avas caused here to-day
' when the Rev. John. Jackson; a 5 min
ister of Denton, Tex., kidnaped his
own baby and made, an, attempt to es
cape 'with! it in a_ buggy. He was cap
tured by ; the Sheriff, after- an exciting
three-mile race." and the baby restored
to its mother. No warrant was. sworn
out I for Rev. Mr. Jackson, and ho': ac
tion probably will be - taken* i against
him. Mr.; and .MrB.'Jackson^hadrsepa^
rattfd c and : she recently; returned- here
tb'.the > home Vbf -her. parents;"/ Rev; Mr.
Jackson arrived-^^in; the^clty'to^dayTv un
announced.;-; Before:* going*^to v 4 ( Tekas
Rev'.. Mr.f Jackson was' pastbrVoffEuclid
Avenue!; Methodist t ChufchTat .* i Topeka:
TWhile , iriHhat^city ; he : was 'actively ¦; en-,
gaged r in 'the t fight 'against saloons -and
jeained soriie hbtoriety.' ' ' 'I'c'-'-'i
Texas Clergyman Takes Child and , At
tempts to Escape From , His
. Estranged Wife. : v I
MINISTER KIDNAPS HIS
BABY AND IS ARRESTED
WASHINGTON, . April 1 1.— Senator '
Patterson to-day proposed an amend
ment to the sundry civil bill for- the
purpose of makins an amendment to
the Chinese exclusion act. '- He pro
posed striking out of the first section*
of the act the words "so far as the
same are not "inconsistent with treaty
obligation?."
Senator Patterson Would Eliminate
• Conditional Clause From
the Bill.
OFFERS AMENDMENT
. . TO EXCLUSION ACT
NEW YORK, Anril IL— Jarrres W.
Goodman, ; the Arizona, miner charged
with having- threatened, to shoot Colo
nel William, C. Greene, president cT
the Greene Consolidated "Copper Cota
pany, was arraigned in the Tombs Po
lice Court this afternoon and at thft
request of fcis counsel the heartas ¦vras
continued until Wednesday.' . Cotonel
Greene had .with him Former Assistant
District Attorney Schuman as bis pcr
eonal counsel, bat .Assistant District
Attorney Garvan took chargw of the
case before the magistrate.
! From the gossip and the; greeting; nJ
friends of both men in the courtroom
new aspects of the case were revealed.
S. H. Rhodes, jsl copper operator of
San Francisco, was in court and greet
ed; Goodman warmly.- : By . Goodman
and his counsel and friends *If was de
nied that Goodmpn** had threatened
Greene's life. ; They said that the story
had been circulated by. Colonel Greene
and his friends for a purpose which
would-be understood when the casa
came to trial. They' said Colonel
Greene knew that Goodnian, like most"
miners.* carried a pistol, and by having
him arrested made it .appear that
Goodman had : threatened .hlstllfe.
TVI cannot at this time reveal the facts
In the defense." said P. D.'Luce. one
of Goodman's lawyers, "but Goodman
did . not~ iJress his . revolver against
Greene's" body, as. the colonel stated in.
his interviews,. and in due time it wills
be ' understood why Colonel • Greene
so; eager; to get his statement '"printed:
ih; the ne wspapers. There Is a strange ;
stofy'backrof all this." I' •
J/ Wail' street gossips and cynics; were
laughing, about the whole affair. They
"called i attention to"; the fact' that within ¦
the last two weeks Greene" Consolidated
Copper has advanced about 43 p«r cent.
Special Pisratdi" to Tie (XL
The; police obtained : much- evidence
which '.has riotTbeeri ; niade public and
which probably % will remain , - a :'¦.._ secret
until it is produced . in court. .They do"
not. expect ; to be 'called' upon to^make
a . complete presentation '..; of their case
at • the i hearing.; before . Judge . Luce, : as
they!ibelieye7they;WiU havejjittle'idlffl-;
culty": in puttlhgJih [enough" evidence .to
justify; the 'court in holding*. Tucker for
the .! Grand : Jury, '.without .revealing '.'ail
of -the "evidence against ; him. v '
The authorities apparently, have not
been disturbed by this declaration 'of a
possible : alibi, , and. say that; the case
against Tucker, satisfied them that they
have made no mistake. '. - ~" •¦¦ ... .
'-Professor Wood of : Harvard . has not
yet'made a report concerning the blood
stains found on the clothing or, regard-
Ing the internal organs that -have been
submitted'.to'him for examination. .
.Tucker's lawyers; visited 'him '.at the
jail :to-night 'and' had. a ! long conference
with ";their: client;/ They maintain that
the, young. man .-! is innocent ,of the
charg^>- and. this, feeling is'shared by
the . neighbors of the Tuckers* In Au
burndale. /The latter admit they do
not', believe that "', his naturervwas so
perverted as" to render^ him. capable. of
the crimelV , •> - '^Jv> '
; Tucker pleaded not guilty to the
charge and his manner j supported his
plea:/ His :father, mother and ¦ brother
were spectators^ In the courtroom, and
sympathy for: them was general; They
loyally/support their son's plea of Inno
cence and .say that they can prove an
alibi for him. ¦ . ¦' ¦¦'' • • •";
BOSTON,. April 11. — Charles I*.
Tucker was locked up in the East:-Cam
bridge'Jail -this afternoon, after having
been ; formally arraigned In the
Waltham : District Court to await ' bi3
preliminary* hearing on ¦ the ' charge of
having murdered Miss Mabel Page of
Weston/,The hearing will > be set for
April > 21^to ' which time the case was
continued. .;..-.-; >...--. - .
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Colonel Greene's Foe
FMs Many
; Friends.
Charles Tucker Is
Gliargefl/vWith the
Grime.
POLICE SAY
HE KILLED
MISS PAGE
The contention that the case involved
proprietary interests of the State was
not allowed to influence the opinion.
On that point the court said in part:
- "The Injury on account of which the
present suit was brought is at most
only remote and indirect; such an In
jury a3 would come alike, although In
different degrees, to every individual
owner of property in a State by reason
of the supprecation, in violation of. the
cct of Congress, of free competition be
tween Interstate carriers engaged .in
but inecs In such State. If Minnesota
may by an, original suit in -its name
Invoke the Jurisdiction, of the Circuit
Court because . alone of "the alleged ; re
mote and Indirect injury to its pro
prietary interests arising from the mere
absence of free competition in trade and
"It is," he said, "not a criminal pro
ceeding, nor a suit in equity. In the
name of the United States, to restrain
violations of the anti-trust" act, nor -a
proceedlngr in the name of the United
States for the forfeiture of property,
nor an action by any person or cor
poration for the recovery of threefold
damages for injury done to business
or property- by some other person or
corporation."
Justice Harlan called attention to the
fact that the proceeding was for the
purpose of enforcing both the State
laws and the Federal anti-trust act,
saying that the Circuit Court could not
have taken jurisdiction If only the State
statutes had been Involved. Taking up
the Federal law and analyzing Its pro
visions, he said it was clear that the
case did not belong to any of the classes
provided for by it.
In delivering the opinion of the court
Justice Harlan cited the facts bearing
upon . the . origin and j history, of . the
case, saying that originally the suit
was instituted by the State in its own
court, but that before an opinion could
be reached there it was on petition of
th* Securities Company transferred to
the. Circuit Court for the District of
Minnesota, by which court It was dis
missed. Much controversy arose over
the right to remove to the Federal
court, and after hearing the- case ar
gued once the Supreme Court ordered
a second -hearing on that point. .
WASHINGTON, April 11.— The Unlt
j ed States Supreme Courty to-day de
cided the case cf the State of Mfnne
i sota vs. the Northern Securities Com
•pany and the Northern Pacitic
Great Northern companies, involving
the validity of the merger of the two
railroad companies/holding that it was
without Jurisdiction and reversing the
opinion of the court below. Justice
j Harlan, who delivered the opinion, said
that the Circuit Court should not have
I entertained Jurisdiction in the case, the
effect being to remand tne case to the
1 State courts. • . .
"For 'the! reasons stated we are of
the opinion that the suit does not — to
use .the. words of the act of 1875 — really
and: substantially involve a dispute or
controversy -within, the jurisdiction o f .
the Circuit Court for the purpose of a
final decree., That Jbeingr the case the.
Circuit Court, following the mandate of
the statute, should not have proceeded
therein, but should have remanded the
case to the State court.
• "TheV^cree of, the Circuit, Court Is
reversed and the case Is sent back with
directions' that It be remanded to the
State. court.". . . .
-The opinion of the court was unani
mous. • , .
He said In conclusion:
The court also refused to hold that
Minnesota's dignity or rights as a State
would be affected under article IV of
the Federal constitution by permittjn£
the stock of corporations of that State
to be held by an- outside corporation.
l:ke the securities company. Justice
Harlan said the^'court did not think
that the article had any bearing what
ever on the question.
commerce as carried on by interstate
carriers within its limits, then 'every
State upon like grounds may maintain
in its name in a Circuit Court of the
United States a suit against interstate
carriers engaged in bt/siness within
their respective limits." y
The platform to be presented, while
strongly, indorsing the administrations
of President Roosevelt, and 'Governor
Odell,' will,, without g-oing into details,
point out the great; benefits t to "' the
State and nation : of Republican ad^
ministration.' . . ;.-'.- , .
The delegates at large to the Na
tional Convention will « be \ Senator
Platt, Governor, pdell, Senator Depew
and. ex-Governor Frank S..Black..The
permanent chairman of the commit
tee will be Serenb E. Payne, and the
electors at large former, Mayor; Schl
ren of Brooklyn and George Urbar Jr.
of Buffalo. . : .: %
NEW YORK, April 11. — The Re
publican State Committee met to
night for the purpose of arranging
preliminaries for the State convention
to-morrow. Senator Depew was se
lected to be temporary chairman of
the convention to-morrow and the
temporary roll of delegates as present
ed by the State eommitteemen' was
adopted. This ac\|on seats the Fas
sett delegation from Seneca County,
and itj is understood that - an. ; agree
ment has been made whereby Con
gressman Gillett will take the place on
the State Committee now occupied by
F.is3ett. In view of this arrangement
Gillett is -to retire from the Congres
sional Held, leaving it open to ; Fas
sett as the sole Republican candidate.
Governor Odell wlll^ be elected
chairman of the State* convention
when it assembles to-morrow night.
Governor . Odell, Senators Platt and
Depew and several other ' prominent
party leaders held a conference this
afternoon, at which the platform was
discussed.
Will Be Chairman" of the New York
Republican Convention,
ODELL TO PRESIDE.
MYSTERY
IS MINING
MEN'S FEUD
Minnesota's "Anti-Merger Suit Must
Be Tried in State Courts.
RUSSIA'S REPRESENTATIVE 1 AT TRENCH CAPITAL; ADMIRAL JLAKAROFF.
WHO HAS INFUSED LIFE INTO PORT ARTHURS DEFENDERS. AXI> GEX
. ERAI, MA.. THE TROUBLESOME CHINESE COM1IANDER. y
LONDON, April 12.— A correspondent
of the Times with the Japanese head
quarters, sefuV3 the following^ dated
April It, by wireless telegraphy^ via
Weihaiwei: . " ;
- ."At present information . from ..the
land front 'must '-be belated, owing to
the distance of the existing sea base
from the advance guard, but this will
soon be remedied. . : . ;
"It is doubtful whether the long ex
pected engagement, for the possession
of the Ya!u River will ever take place
—certainly not unless the Russians
have been reinforced more heavily than
my information leads me to' believe.
This was foreseen by the " Japanese,
and hence their strenuous efforts to
block /Port Arthur so that they may
be able to reduce the length of their
land communications. by the establish-^
ment of a more convenient sea base.
It must be remembered that unless the
Japanese secure the north' side of the
Yalu with a new base by July, the land
movements from * Kbrea ; will become
practically impossible.
-'/The rainfall of summer is so. heavy,
that all the flimsy bamboo bridges will
bedestroyed. .This would indicate that;
it is not to the advantage ' ; of. either;
belligerent to engage in a 'struggle in
the vicinity, of the. Yalu. : _• < . • ;.
"The Russians desire Ub get therJap
anese forces inland, with the hope of
enveloping, them, while r the .Japanese
want toget inland becauseUhe^ country
affords. a. more suitable. theater of ¦ op-;
cratlons. ; . .r^; ; : :
VAs .the time is '.short, an effort -of
thej Japanese must ;be developed: al
most,' immediately." . . . : ; ;-,
- According to . a - correspondent of the'
Times at'Newchwang, who cables from!
there under, date of April ,8, the .heavy '.
rains, have .flooded .the railways: and;
blocked tne : roads throughout Southern
Manchuria. V The field telegraphs' have'
been interrupted- and ; the .country is
impassable. ; * . ; . - . \ % -v'
. A correspondent ; of the. Times at Se
oul, cabling; under- date, -of April ;7, !
says: "It is believed that the Russians
north ¦. of \ the ; Ya!u are • not sufficiently'
numerous ¦ to withstand •, the "Japanese
advance for any considerable distance
beyond the river.'.' y -; •
JURIST WHO HANDED DOWN .SUPREME COURT'S DECISION IN -THE- MIN
NESOTA MERUKR CASE; RAILWAY MAGNATE WHO IS BATTLING FOR
SUPREMACY ANJr-NOTED STATESMAN* ACTING AS COUNSEU . « .
The Supreme Court decision In the
case of Minnesota against the merger
is considered by the State's legal offi
cer*, as a virtual victory, for. th* State,
eJ though It puts the litigation back
Ulihu Root, former Secretary- of War.
arrive d here to-day to take up his work
!n connection with- the case to be
argued before the United States Court
to-morrow as to whether the petition
on the part of the Harriman interests
for leave to Intervene in the settlement
of the Northern Securities Company's
affairs shall be denied or granted.
The first question for consideration
will be whether Harriman and Pierce
will be permitted to file their petition.
If that is decided in "the affirmative,
further proceedings In' the regular
order may be had. If It Is denied, it
probably will end the proceedings, and
the suit of the United States vs. the
Northern Securities Company will
stand as it did before the motion for
leare to Intervene was filed.
"Something else to throw a little
light on the situation: When the
Northern Securities Company was
beinp formed Harriman came to
me and offered me power of at
torney for ten years if I would
take in the Harriman lines. I
told him I didn't want tbem. He urged
me to consider the proposition, which
would pive us control of the railway
situation from the Mississippi to the
Gulf of Mexico on the south, the Pa
cific on the west and the International
boundary* on the north. I told Harri
man 1 was working for the develop
ment of the northwest and would not
and could not work in the interests of
both sections. Every morning for* a
week he renewed the proposition. We
didn't accept it.
- "This plan will accomplish what was
tought then, in throwing the big lines
of the Wrst under common control."
ICLJTJU ROOT IS COCXSEI*.
"Take thp directorates of the St. Paul
and Chicago lines and you can easily
see the common interest running
through the systems I have named.
Under this scheme I am telling you
about the St." Paul would acquire the
8t. Paul-Duluth line of the Northern
Pacific and the Northwestern the St.
Paul-Duluth line of the Great North
ern. The entire northern trans-eonti
ncntal field would be absolutely wfthin
the grasp of these two systems, and the
Union Pacific would strengthen its po
sition on the south with the Burling
ton. r :'ii"
the Union Pacific taking the Burling
ton, the St. Paul taking- the Northern
Pacific acd the Northwestern taking
the Great Northern. Such a statement,
ccming from President Hill, has caused
a sensation and is of the greatest tig
niHcauce. Hill said: •'••¦*-•'' ¦ A
"It Isn't the Northern Pacific alone
that is concerned. Control of that line
is part of a plan under which the pur
pose is to shut off the Great Northern
i n the south and north, leaving it in
such a' position that it will have to seli
out. I have no doubt that now I could
t emmand almost any price for Great
Northern, up to 250 perhaps.
"The scheme of division is simply
this, that the Union Pacific wants the
Burlington, the -St. Paul is aiming to
take over the Northern Pacific and the
Northwestern, if the petition succeeds,
¦will take its chance of getting -the
Great Northern. If the Harriman suit
wins I have already said the Great
Northern will sell out. We will retire
from the struggle and leave the North
vest to fisrht its own battles.
INTERESTS IN COMMON.
O'Urt was a sharply defined plan to
'"bottle up" the Great Northern, force
its saJe and divide the northern trans
««.ntinental lines between new interests.
Harriman's grievance against the
President is similarly grounded to that
of J. Pierpont Morgan and James J.
HilL They all felt* hurt at the action
of the President in directing the At
torney General to proceed against the
Northern Securities Company. Morgan
has become reconciled to^the ejection
of Roosevelt and i HilL jj is v supporting
Cleveland." but , Harriman has . been re
garded as one} of j. the lrrecpneilables.
He has said he Svoiild regard- the de
feat ] of. the ?. Republican party with
equanimity. ; : s. ¦.'-, "U^ ;» '. ,.*-."
- J^Y^^" \tio -"lnoyement -to *def eat* 'Mr.'
:t€<Sdseyili r "'toT' t tHf^. r «6inination' smarted
last fall; Harriman "was one pf the leadf
ers. With 'his. great influence in. four
transcontinental railroads he. believed
he,» could 'swerve, many \ of \. the Far
Western .States., "Harriman's opera
tions were ; promptly ,known in- .Wash
ington and details -were, given to the
President. The wave of popular en
thusiasm for the President proved too
strong, even in the districts controlled
by Harriman's agents and the Harri
man opposition dwindlea to irisigniri
cance. ¦ -,..•' ¦ . I .
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, April 11.— Republicans
in and out of Congress- are astonished
at Governor Odell's latest demonstra
tion of feeling toward the President in
having E. H. Harriman elected a dele
gate to the Chicago Republican Con
vention from New York. „
Haniman has been "the most active
opponent of the President, in the anti-
Koosevelt propaganda," and his election
as delegate over Representative Brad
ley, who is a friend and supporter of
the President, goes : far. to revive Ih'e
suspicion here that the State of New
York is doubtful.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Railroad' Man Is Regarded as irrecon
cilable in His Opposition to
Mr. Roosevelt, "
% He Was iCMseii: by
QoYeriitOdell
Republicans /Wonder Why
May Go to Conven
tion as Foe of
President
HARRIMAN'S
ELECTION IS
UNEXPECTED
VOLUME XCV— NO. 134.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY-APRIL 12, 1904.
Tc»cert m*flt at Ban Tma
c!«oo lor thirty hours •adlsff
mlfinlfht April 18, 10041
San TrancUco aa4 Tictnity—
ClouCy t cooler Tuesday ( j UgH*
north winds, chaajflac to fte«Ji
Westerly. A. OK KOASZB,
Slstrlot Voc«e«at«r.
The San Francisco Call.
e^TSB TH2ATBSS. \
.- v ¦¦ ->~ - * ¦¦ : •:. ,.: V \
¦ Alcazar — "Aristocracy." •-£?-. \
California— "Hc:Fa.ctd*n'» Tints."
"Central— "la -the Eand« of the
_,-. , . • . /
Columbia — "Mam *iell6 Sspo
leon." r " -T^ j . « - -* ".^** ' - -
Fischer 'a — '/Kismet." :-
Grand — "A Doll '3 Souse."
Orphewn — Vaudeville.
Tivoli— "Tna 1 Beggar .Student.'"
Bro^rn Men .Must
Seize Base in
v; -Not Second-Class Mall.
SAN RAFAEL, April 11.— The case of
James Tunsted against the North
Shore Railroad for $40,000 damages will
be given to the jury to-morrow night.
To-day was consumed in testimony for
the defense. Several witnesses In re-'
buttal were heard. There are nine other
cases on the calendar as the outcome of
the wreck of the D*utton funeral train
returning" from Point Reyes on June
21, 1003. Many of the pessengers In
jured have been settled with outside
of court. , • .:. ,-
Marin Railroad Case Closing.
Attorney Arraigned at Bakersfield.
BAKERSFIEL.D. , April 11.— John
D. Ackerman, the Yellow Aster. Mining
Company's attorney in San" Francisco,
was ¦ arraigned to-day in the Superior
Court and pleaded'- not guilty to the
charge: of •,-. importing 1 , non-union men
into the Itandsburg district by means
of false representatians during n the
strike in • the Yellow Aster. The case
was set for trial on the 14th of .June.
J. C. Bride of the Holly Automobile
Company secured a warrant from Po
lice Judge CabaniFs yesterday for the
arrest of Harry McDonald on a charge
of grand larceny. Bride alleges that
on March 30 he was taking a ride In
his automobile and stonped at the
Parkside Resort to slake his thirst.
When he came out his machine had
disappeared. He hunted around for
an hour or two and says he found Mc-
Donald with the machine, which had
been damaged to the extent of $100.
McDonald is said to be a son of P. A.
McDonald, coal merchant.
Grand I^an-eny Allo£<»d
The following navy* orders have
been issued:. Gunner, W. H. F. Schul
ter is detached -from . the Pensacola,
naval \ training station, San Francisco,
and ordered home to await orders.
Washington— Grand Dalles, Kllcki
tat County, Joseph D. Ames, vice J. T.
Rorick, removed. .
Leave of absence for two months is
granted First Lieutenant Jennings B.
Wilson, Eighth Infantry, to take ef
fect upon : his arrival from service in
Alaska- Private Peter J. Clagg, Com
pany D, Tenth Infantry, Presidio, is
transferred to the Ninety-second Com
pany, Coast Artillery, Presidio. Pri
vate Clay H. Blackburn; Company I.
Eighth Infantry, now in confinement at
Camp Skagway, Alaska, upon arrival
at Fort Lawton, Wash., will be dis
charged without honor from the army
on account of fraudulent enlistment in
and desertion from the marine corps
during an unauthorized absence from
his company. •
WASHINGTON, April 11.— The fol
lowing postmasters have been com
missioned: California^ — Frank A. Sal
mons, Pala; John B. Bougard. Claus.
The following changes have been
announced: Fourth-class postmasters
| California — Jamison", Fresno Coun
ty Wade J. Williams, vice J. G. James,
resigned. .
Departments.
Many War, Navy and Postal Orders
Arc Issued by Federal
OF INTEREST TO- PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
SAN LEANDRO, April 11.— After a
spirited contest, which continued
throughout the entire day, ,the follow
ing town officers were elected to-day:
Trustees— J. J. Gill, C. S. Best and Ed
ward Hoerst; Town Clerk, L. J. Mar
tin; Marshal, M. Geisennofer; Treas
urer, Ferdinand Meyer.
HAYWARDS, April 11.— There were
few contests in the annual election
held here to-day, the principal fight
being for the office of Marshal, for
which there were three candidates. The
election resulted as follows: Trustees,
long term— C. W. H"eyer 343, F. C. Po
tersen 330, W. J. Ramagc 326; short
term, CM. Buck 137; Town Clerk-
Clyde M. Reiss 243, J. A. Abermuller
160; Marshal— Charles J. Schilling 185,
Frank Caton 151, Arthur G. Allen 69;
Treasurer, E. B. Haas 319, no contest.
PLEASANTON, April 11.— The only
contests in the election to-day were for
the offices of Marshal and Town Clerk.
These resulted as follows: Marshal —
E. E. Head 139, John Caffany 73; Town
Clerk— J. H. Neal 171, George W. Mey
ers 41. In the other offices the incum
bents were all re-elected.
EMERYVILLE, April 11.— The elec
tion held to-day in Emeryville resulted
as follows: For Trustees (two to be
elected)— J. S. Emery 340, Fred J. Storr
330, Dr. C. E. Marman 67; for Town
Clerk— John C. Coburn 355, Arthur L.
Kyle 48; for Treasurer — C. G. Mayborn
365; for Marshal. Morris H. Lane 398.
There were no cbntests for the offices
of Treasurer and Marshal.
Emeryville, San Ijenndro, Haywards
and Pleasanton Select Officials.
al-amkda county elections
BOISE, Idaho, April 11.— The State
Board o"f Pardons to-night commuted
the sentence of George Levy to life
imprisonment. He was to have been
hanged on Friday for the murder of
David Levy in October, 1891.
The feature of the application for
clemency was a showing indicating that
another man may have committed the
deed. Soon after Levy was murdered
the Public Administrator received
through the mail what purported to
be a will left by him. The principal
beneficiary under this will was Harry
Watkins. It is claimed on investiga
tion, as demonstrated, that the docu
ment was written on a typewriter in
the possession of Watkins; also that
he had Levy's signature on a slip of
paper in his desk. The latter fact was
testified to before the board by men
who had been in "Watkins' employ. The
murdered man was an old miner and
was quite wealthy.
Watkins was Indebted to him at the
time of his death. George Levy was
not a relative of the murdered man.
He was a Frenchman who rented prop
erty from the old man.
A man turns 112,000 spadefula of
earth In digging an acre and moves in
all a weight of 850 tons.
When the case of Edward Richards,
charged with, murder, was called for
trial in Judge Lawlor's court yester
day morning Attorney Shepardson. for
the defendant, challenged the panel
and argued that Judges had no legal
authority to make, prepare, propose
or certify a list of jurors, and that
in so doing they were violating the
t onstitution. Tho Judge, after consid
erable argument, disallowed the chal
lenge and the work of impaneling the
jury was proceeded with.
Richards is accused of having shot
and killed Joseph Martini at 623 Pa
cific street on the morning of January
<>. Rich;irds came from Visalia and
after spending several hours on the
Harbary Coast went to Martini's sa
loon with a woman. They drank two
bottles of brer and during a dispute
whout settlement Richards shot and
killed Martini. There seemed to be no
extenuating circumstances.
Contention That Superior .fiulgcs Vio
late the Constitution Is Not Sus
tained by Judge I, aw lor.
JURY EASEL CBAUJESGED
BY RICHARDS' ATTORNEY
Out of a total of 112 passengers who
were aboard the ill-fated car, .forty
sustained Injuries of some sort.
The injured are convalescing, and it
is expected that air will recover.
Thomas Quinn, who suffered a com
pound fracture of the leg and other in
juries, is the most seriously hurt. He,
with a number of others, is in the
Cottage Hospital. The .remaining in
jured were taken to their homes, most
ly suffering only from slight cuts and
bruises.
Motorman Kelton.is among the most
painfully hurt. He sustained a deep*
ragged 'cut in the back and suffered a
considerable loss of blood. Mrs. Julius
Kruttschnitt, wife of the Southern
Pacific official, was only slightly
bruised and aside from 'a' severe ner
vous shock, is suffering little, ill ef
fect from her experience.
SANTA BARBARA, April 11.—Fu
neral services over the' bodies of three
of the victims of yesterday's disas
trous Btreet car accident, • Raymond
Reyes, Leon Calderone . and Francisco
Dominguez, were held here this after
noon. The funeral of the remaining
unfortunates, Earl ..Goland and James
Smith, will occur to-morrow.
Idaho Board of Pardons Com
mutes Sentence of Convict
ed Man to a Life Term
Three of the Men Killed in
Santa Barbara Street Iiail
way Disaster Are Buried
GRAVE CLOSES
UPON VICTIMS
ESCAPES NOOSE;
ENTERS PRISON
NEVADA, Mo.. April 11. — Edward
Griffith, son of the postmaster of Great
Bend. Ivans., haj< been arrested here,
charged with having stolen a regis
tered package of $5000. which was
tent by the Traders' Bank of Kansas
City to a banking house at Great Bend
on February 9. GrifiSth confessed.
Griffith was once an employe of the
Great Bend postofflce and had access
to the registered packages. After tak
ing the 55000 he fled to El Paso. Tex.
A letter in the Nevada postoffice ad
dressed to "Ed Graham." known as
Griffith's alias, led to his arrest. An
inspector went to El Paso and trailed
Griffith to Carthage, Mo., and from
there to Nevada, where Griffith came
to meet a woman, to whom he had
given a larpe part of the money. The
woman turned the money over to the
Inspector and her name was not di
vulged.
Confession Follows His Capture
After a lx>ns Chase Through
Southern States.
BOX OF POSTMASTER
STCALS S5000 PACKAGE
Culberson said that if explicit charges
were necessary, they could be found in
the case of Montague indicators and
in. that of John W. Pettlt. In the for
mer case there was, he said, accord
ing to the Bristow report, a mystery
as to whether former. First Assistant
Postmaster General Heath had received
25,000 shares of th*e stock of that con
cern. In the case of Pettit, that indi
vidual, it had been developed, had been
on the payroll of the Baltimore Post
office for four years 'without doing any
work, and It never . had been shown
whether he had been appointed to this
work by Heath or by Beavers.
"Give us an explicit charge and we
will take it up, though not on an ap
propriation bill."
"Then let us have one," suggested
Gorman, without rising, and Aldrich
continued: .
At the conclusion of Simmons' speecli,
Lodge urged his point of order against
the Culberson amendment and Gorman
insisted that, under a liberal construc
tion of the rules, the chair or the Sen
ate could hold anything in order. The
point of .order was sustained, but Gor
man persisted and made various modi
fications of the proposition in order to
bring it within the rule, and finally
eliminated all provisions for appro
priations.
"The . amendment in its _ present
shape," said Aldrich, "shows the folly
of attempting such legislation as this
on an appropriation bill. Mr. Gorman
has emasculated it so that It Is of no
effect whatever. If we. are to have an
investigation, let it be a live one."
POSTOFFICE E.MUROGUO.
Simmons answered the recent speech
of Spooner, who defended Postmaster
General Payne from what he treated
as an attack by Simmons in previous
remarks. Simmons declared to-day
that his remarks in relation to the
reluctance of the Postofflce Department
to undertake an investigation referred
to hesitancy on the part of former
Postmaster General Smith, and not to
the present Postmaster General. He
reiterated, however, his belief that the
investigation had been delayed, and
also that the present Postmaster Gen
eral had not treated fairly the offer of
S. W. Tulloch to give testimony In re
gard to conditions in the department.
This act of encouragement, said Sim
mons, was calculated to deter the work
of unearthing the scandals in the de
partment.
Simmons said he had been charged
with advocating the selection of a neu
tral man for President. "" He (Simmons)
had demanded a calm, well poised dis
position and mind and a judicial and
conservative temperament, and asked
whether that would be regarded a neu
tral man. Turning to the Republican
side, he said he supposed the candidate
wanted was one who would overturn
affairs of the twentieth century, make
new laws when the present ones did
not suit and treaties with foreign
countries without the advice or con
sent of the Senate. He said the coun
try has witnessed the spectacle of a
President holding forth on the one
hand as a trust-buster and on the other
as a safe man for business interests.
REPLIES TO SPOOXEK.
WASHINGTON, April 11.— The Cul
berson amendment to the postcrfflce ap
propriation bill, providing for a com
mission to investigate the Postofflce
Department, was before the Senate all
of to-day and, after being ruled out
of order In modified form, was pend
ing when the Senate adjourned.:
Gorman' made ah . earnest plea for
an investigation,' saying the Postofflce
Department had l cast reflections upon
members of Congress, and that a thor-;
ough examination should tie had. Al
drlch answered thatthe'amendment as
finally modified meant, nothing; that
if an Investigation was to be had. it
should be "a live one." He said thaV
if any specific charges were brought
in they should be looked into by Con
gress, but that the demand should not
be made a Dart of a general appro
priation bill.
Discussing newspaper statements that
the Republican leaders already had se
lected their candidate for President and
the platform on which they would
stand, Teller criticized the programme
as one to which the masses had not
the opportunity to contribute. He read
a statement to the effect that reci
procity would be a part of the pro
gramme, and asked Aldrich what he
thought of m the programme.
"I believe as you do," said Aldrich,
"that matters shtruld be left to the
convention."
Superintendent of Police Quirk is of
the opinion that revenge for being
dismissed from Houston Hall was the
motive for the murder, although he
has not entirely discarded the theory
of robtu-ry.
Gibson, whose complexion is so light
that he easily passes as a white man,
misrepresented himself as a student
at the university and married a young
white woman three weeks ago. When
the deception was discovered he was
discharged from Houston Hall. How
he expected to get revenge and his
reason for attacking the watchman the
police decline to say.
Self-defense is his pica. The watch
man, Gibson say?, evidently mistook
him for a thief ard attacked him. In
the struggle he unintentionally killed
the old man. The police do not be
lieve the story-
PHILADELPHIA, April 11. — The
mystery surrounding the murder of
John Thomas, the aged night watch
man at the Houston Club of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania, last evening,
v as Cleared up to-day by the arrest
and confession of Lawrence Gibson,
alias John Oakley, who was for a num
ber of years employed as a utility man
at Houston HaiL
Gibson is a West India negro and
tays he 1s a native of Jamaica. He was
arrestea at his home early In the day
and denied all knowledge of the crime
until late in the afternoon when he
broke down and confessed to the rrfur
<Scr.
Culberson Amendment Still
Pending When the Upper
House Adjourns for Day
Prisoner Says He Was At
tacked by Victim, AVho Be
lieved Him .to Be a Burglar
ST. HELENA, April 11.— At the elec
tion to-day the only contest was for
the office of Town Trustees, there be
ing five candidates for two offices, the
vote being as follows: D. Fried, 60;
H. Gutz wilier, 35; F. J. Merriam, 83;
Harry Meyers, 128; G. W. Schmidt,
161. W. A. Elgin, for Treasurer, Otto
Behxgs, for Clerk, . aud M. pockery, top
WINTERS, April 1L— Winters had a
hotly contested election to-day over
licensing saloons. The anti->saloon
forces had a lawyer here, and success
fully challenged eighteen votes. The
saloon ljien had two lawyers to advise
them, bul accomplished nothing. The
result was SO for and 113 against li
cense. An anti-saloon Board of Town
Trustees was also elected. There is a
6trong probability of the election being
contested.
WILLOWS, April 11.— At to-day's
election the following officers were
elected: Marshal, Thomas Kinkade;
Clerk. George C. Johnson; Treasurer,
Ernest V. Elbe; Trustees, F. G. Craw
ford, ?. T. Cowart and O. Schnurbusch.
WARM TIME AT WINTERS.
MODESTO, April 11.— The municipal
election here to-day was a hot contest.
The opposing factions were the Im
provement Club and the" Independent
ticket. The contest centered in the
fight for City Marshal, the Improve
ment candidate defeating R. D. Young,
Independent. The Improvement can
didate, J. S. Moore, got a majority of
25. The candidates for Trustees on
the Independent ticket got large ma
jorities.
MERCED, April 11.— The city election
to-day resulted as follows: "Trustees,
W. H. Turner and C. M. French; Mar
shal, C. A. H. Warfield; Clerk, W. H.
Wegner; Treasurer, J. B. Hart.
REDDING, April 11.— In the munici
pal election to-day George Groves and
O. Gruttner were elected Trustees, W.
G. Dozier Clerk, L. D. Poole Marshal,
R. G. Dunn, Treasurer. The: last three
were re-elected. There were no political
lines drawn.
BAKERSFIELD, April 11.— A muni
cipal election was held to-day in Kern.
All the former officers were elected and
only in two cases were there any op
position candidates. No party nomi
nations were made. To-morrow there
will be an election to determine the
matter of bonding the town for flO,
000 for a fire department, the town
having hitherto had no protection ex
cept that furnished by the Bakers
field organization.
SELMA, April 11. — After a vigorous
campaign all of the temperance can
didates were electqd at the municipal
election here to-day by an average ma
jority of thirty votes out of 318. This
was the largest vote ever cast In
Selma. The church bells were rung
and the preachers paraded the streets,
singing.
SANTA CRUZ. April 11. — The
municipal election was held to-day
and the Union Labor ticket was de
feated. The present administration
was re-elected. The total vote was
1179, being 150 more than two years
ago. The ticket elected consists of D.
C. Clark. Mayor; F. R. Walti. H.
Willey, F. K. Roberts and J. B. Maher.
Councilmen; J. T. Wright. City Clerk;
F. W. Lucas, City Treasurer, did not
have opposition.
HOLL1STER, April 11.— At the
town election held here to-day I.
Archibald was elected Marshal; J. H.
Shaw, Clerk: C. H. Wagner, Treasurer,
and H. Pond, E. E. Bolton and E. J.
Sparling. Trustees.
SELMA WILL BE DRY.
SAUSALITO. April 11.— The munici
pal election held here to-day was very
quiet, but the total number of votes
polled was much larger than on sev
eral previous occasions. There was no
factional controversy this time, but an
election of the best citizens for the re
spective positions. Tlfree Trustees
were elected and other municipal of
fices were filled. The total vote cast
was 569. Of that number the follow
ing is a summary: For Trustees — L. C.
Pistoles!, 469; W. J. Martin, 448; D. T.
Hughes, 448; J. Bello Xunes. 129; H.
J. Crumpton, 101. The three highest
will serve as the Trustees. For Treas
urer G. B. Silva received 353 votes and
George Ryan 187. F. D. Linsley was
elected City Clerk, receiving 448 votes;
J. Hannon, City Marshal, 389 votes.
LOS GATOS, April 11.— There was a
lively election here to-day. T. E. Johns
and William Sporleder were elected
Trustees: K. H. Erickson, Town Clerk
and Assessor; E. E. Springer, Marshal
and Tax Collector, and F. F. Watkins
was chosen Treasurer without opposi
tion.
REDWOOD CITY, April 11.— Voting
at the municipal election was not very
spirited to-day, less than 400 ballots
being cast. Three members of the
Board of City " Trustees were to be
elected and there were five candidates.
For the office of Marshal there were
three candidates. The following were
elected: • Trustees— H. W. Walker,
Charles Luscher and P. J. Foley; Clerk,
D. R. Stafford: Treasurer. F. K. Towne;
Marshal, John Christ.
LIVELY AT LOS GATOS.
SAN MATEO, 1 April 11.— The Civic
Club won a great victory in the mu
nicipal election held to-day in electing
a ticket pledged, to street and sidewalk
improvements, and while it was not the
ticket nominated by the Civic Club,
every candidate for , Trustee pledged
himself In favor of such improvements.
It means that San Mateo will have ex
cellently paved streets and many other
beautifying features. The Civic Club
and many other forces have been at
work on the improvement proposition
for more than a year and all citizens
are congratulating themselves that the
ticket elected is for progress. Follow;
ing is the vote:
For City Trustees— J. H. Hatch 282,
W. H. Brown 247. George A. Kertell 234,
A. B. Ford 20S, .William Casey 189, L. B.
Doe 135, J. J. O'Brien 114. The first
three are elected. The two candidates
for City Clerk received the following
vote: R. H. Jury (incumbent) 283, L.
K. McLellan 137. There was no opposi
tion for Treasurer and Marshal. H. W.
Hagen, for Treasurer, was re-eljfected
with 362 votes; M. F. Boland, for'Mar
shal, had 351. The best of feeling pre
vails over the result.
Coronado — W. T. Clark, Cterk; J. L.
Cameron, Marshal; H. F. Stocking,
Treasurer; T. J. Fisher, W. H. Bentley
and C. W. Carr, Trustees. In none of
these elections were party lines drawn,
and in most cases there was no oppo
sition.
LOS ANGELES. April 11.— Elections
were held in many cities of the sixth
class in Southern California to-day.
The issue in the majority of the towns
was on the question of "license or no
license" for saloons. The prohibition
ists were successful in most cases. At
Long Beach the old administration,
which had been in power for four
years, was .defeated by a decisive vote.
Anaheim voted against Sunday closing
of saloons and Fullerton decided In
favor of licenses for saloons. Azusa,
Alhambra and several other towns
went in favor of prohibition.
At San Pedro the election of two
Trustees had an important bearing
upon the water front question. The
issue was whether any further ag
gressions on the water front were to
be allowed or not and each faction re
turned one Trustee.
National City— Jere O'Connell, Mar
shal; G. W. Grant. Clerk; W. D.
Vaughn, Treasurer; J. C. Ball and Cap
tain Moore, Trustees.
Oceanslde — G. D. Love, Marshal; H.
D. Brody, Clerk; E. S. Payne, Treas
urer; C. T. Weber. Ell Jones and J. D.
Morrow. Trustees.
Escondido — S. A. Reed, Treasurer; S.
L. Shotwell, Cterk; J. W.- Jobs, Mar
shal; W. A. Sickler and E. B. Buell,
Trustees.
SAN DIEGO. April 11. — Elections
were held in several towns of this
county to-day, with. the following re
sults:
BENICIA, April 11. — The following
were elected at the city election to-day:
City Marshal, J. G. Johnston (Rep.);
City Clerk, F. P. Weinmanri (Rep.);
Trustees, Manuel Fraga (Rep.), Her
mann Hertzbrun (Ind.); Treasurer, J.
E. Glendon. W. J. Harnett, Democratic
candidate for City Marshal, was de
feated by but fifteen votes, while Her
mann Hurtzbrun, the Independent can
didate for Trustee, was elected . by a
lArge majority.
; CALISTOGA, April 11.— At the muni
cipal election to-day all offices were
contested except that of Treasurer. The
following were elected: Trustees, A. D.
Rogers, William Spiers and F. R.
Squires; Marshal, D. Rose; Clerk,
Frank Teale; Treasurer, C. M. Hoover.
SONOMA, April 11. — A municipal
election was held here to-day and the
following officers were elected: City
Trustees, G. H. Holtz and Ronald Me-
Donell; City Clerk, Joseph Small; Mar
shal, J. Albertson; City Treasurer, Will
lam Clewe.
RESULTS AT BEXICIA.
SUISUN, April 11.— The election to
day resulted as follows: Trustees— J.
T. Cooper, 124; C. E. Mayfleld, 95; A.
L. White, 70. Cooper and Mayfleld were
elected. J. Lenahan and F. M. Gabriel
were elected Treasurer and Clerk, re
spectively, without opposition. The
main contest was on the office of Mar
shal. J. F. Shields was elected by a
majority of 28 out of a. total vote
of 166.
* An entire set of town officers was
elected in Fairfleld at the election to
day. There was a spirited contest on
Trustees, there being nine candidates
for the live places to be filled. The vote
was as follows: Harry Brown, 73;
J. M. Cox, 43; F.^S. 'Gurnette, 76; B.
P. Kemp, 39; George A. McLeod, 43;
J. F. Roberts, 31; H. C. Sheldon, 68; H.
A. Shorey, 70; Josiah Wing, 82, the five
highest being elected. Other results
were: For Clerk, F. H Morrill, 63;
Harry Miller, 48; W. C. Jones, 6. For
Marshal. T. J. Lenahan. Ill; C. A. Cof
fran 13. R. D. Smith was elected
Treasurer without opposition. The
Trustees elected are the incumbents.
Marshal, were elected without opposi
tion.
NO PKOGKESS IS MADE
Special Dispatch to The Coll.
Gorman of Maryland Persists
in His Demand for a bon
gressional Investigation
ALLEGES SELF-DEFENSE
Former Employe at Univer
sity of Pennsylvania Con
fesses to Murder of Servant
Citizens in Many Sections of the State. Display Uncommon
Interest in the Contests at the Polls and Clergymen at
Selma Rejoice Over Triumph of the Temperance Cause
POSTAL INQUIRY
SENATE'S THEME
CANDIDATES WIN OFFICES
IN TOWNS OF CALIFORNIA
MULATTO KILLS
CLUB WATCHMAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, TUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1904.
From" one factory in the United
States goes each day, to every part of
the globe, electrical machinery to pro
duce more than 8000 horsepower, mak
ing this dailv. addtlon to the 'working
power of the world. -,- . »}. ¦•¦¦
PORTLAND, Or., ApVfT 11.— Henry
Meldrum, formerly United States Sur
veyor in^this State, was arraigned to
day on an indictment returned -by the
United States .Grand Jury for com
plicity in the land frauds In this State
and pleaded not'guilty. . Meldrum was
indicted on twenty-one counts.- ¦>¦ .
Declares He Is Not- Guilty.
PORTLAND, Or., April 11. — "Warn
ings of the extreme probability of a
twenty-six-foot flood in the first
week of June have been given but by
Forecast Official Beals of the Weather
Bureau.
Reports from the headwaters of the
Columbia and the Snake are that snow
is packed in the gorges in unusual
quantities, and that the weather is not
warm enough to melt it. If the snow
does not melt soon, it will remain until
the hot weather of the latter part of
May brings it out in a flood. A' twenty -
six-foot raise of the Willamette will
flood the commission district.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Weather Bureau in Port
land Issues a Warning to
the Commission District
RIVERS PROMISE
A JUNE FLOOD
NEW YORK, April 11.— Dr. William T.
Bull, professor of eurtery at the Colltpe of
I'h.VHiclans and Burxeons. of Columbia,Univer
sity, has resigned, the rcsijriaAloa to take
«0«0t June 80k next* _¦¦.¦¦
WASHINGTON, ; .April ;). ; ll.-^The
United Supreme Courtfto-day
decided '\ that ' books published •• period
ically are i riot i entitled to transporta
tion : through • the mail* as second-class
flatter,' •
2
SB. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
The BooK Tells You How
To Get Well At My Risk
Jf you wint to led better " 'v
jj you want more stren«lh
II you lack ambition . .
II you can't do thingt like » ..u used le
II your nerve—your courage— in leaving »•*.» 1 '
It your confidence in youJ-wlf is less ,
If you lack virn, vigor, vitality ' ¦
If something it eating away your constitution . .: ¦¦¦
Ask me by letter for the book -- Don't send a penny
Ket me take the risk Letme tell you of a dru*Tjris« near
by who will give yo U ,,» bottUs Dr Snoop's . Re- .
ll ? 1 m l* e <? n » month's trial Take it and see for your-
self what it will do. Then decide r , ~
No cost— not a penny— if you say, "( am no better *
Von t leave U to the druirgut— nor to me - "We might
beprejudiced. You. you alone.- sballuy the word,
whether you pay >$.$o or nothing The druggist can't
complain. ¦ He ts to bill the cost to me at your sav so =, ¦¦'
lrv Ur. Snoop s Restorative at my risk -Not a
penny it it fails. It's a two-cent stamp — or a postal—
ap.mst six bottles of my Restorative— against »i.$o,
their cosl Don't you begin to believe the Restorative
.an do something unusual for the sick? - I have found.
i Mi a *°i " ow «"»'" i« ». How seldom it fails.
Minsk my reputation on it. And the cost ot the .
medicine too. 1 know, and I want you to know. l"hi» ;
is my way of gaming your interest.- Others don't do it
that way. Ii s pay anyway with them Ask me for the
book you need. - ¦ ¦ • ¦ - ¦ . ¦• • . . ¦••> *.., ¦ '
Write me. Now— today ¦ ¦. ' • ¦' '
v.uu:WhW'S&i"S.SSrss!t V:
book you want and Book 3 on the Kidneys,
addressi Dr. Rhoop.V Book 4'for. Women. -:•¦¦
box -8630.; nac,n£. *°&^. :<° r ./, Men
Wls. . • ¦. Book 6 on Rheumatism.*
Mild cases not chronic,' are of tea cured wltft
.&» oriwo fcotues. At aniscttk* : : ~-r
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
COLDS
For obstinate colds,
lingering coughs and
persistent bronchitis
Scott's Emulsion is a
standard remedy and
a reliable cure. You
can feel the good
effects of even a small
bottle._ Easy to take.
R^^^r^^^^^M^ftg^^^^P^^^^^
AINU """"" y/ I lltiiv*?*
The better class of druggists, everywhere, are men of scientific attainments and . hl 2 h^??f| T^ n 3 5
who devoto their lives to the welfare of their fellow men in supplying the best of re . m ;r ie d
purest medicinal agenta of known value, in accordance with physicians' wescriptiona
scientific formula. Druggists of the better class manufacture many excellent remedies,
always under original or officinal names and they never sell false brands, or imitation m ! a "j* , *
They are the men to deal with when in need -of. anything in their line, which usu f u^ t " d
all standard remedies and corresponding adjuncts of a first-class pharmacy and the linesi a
best of toilet articles and preparations and many useful 'accessories and remedial JPPi"""j??|
The earning of a fair living, with the satisfaction which arises from a knowledge of tlie Dene °"
conferred upon their patrons and assistance to the medical profession, is usually their greaiesj
reward for long years of study and many hours of daily toil.- They all know that. °y ru P,°*
Figs is an excellent laxative remedy and that it givea universal satisfaction, and therelore iney
are selling many millions of bottles' annually to the well informed purchasers of the C £ O1< £=J
remedies, and they always.' take pleasure in handing out the genuine article bearing me iuu
name of the Company— California Fig -Syrup Co.— printed on the front of every ; package.
They know that in cases of colds and headaches attended by biliousness and constipation ana
of weakness or torpidity of the liver and bowels, arising from irregular habits, indigestion, or
over-eating, that there is no other remedy sc; pleasant; prompt and beneficial in its enects as
Syrup of Figs, and they are glad to sell it because it gives universal satisfaction, s
Owing to the excellence of Syrup of Figs, the universal satisfaction which it gives ana tna
immense demand for it, imitations. have been; made, tried and condemned, but tnere are
individual druggists to be foundi here'and there, who do not maintain the dignity and principles
of the profession and whose greed gets the better of their judgment, and who do not Hesitate
-to recommend and try to sell the imitations in order to make a larger profit. Such preparations
sometimes have the name—" Syrup of Figs"— of "Fig Syrup" and of some piratical concern,
or fictitious fig syrup company, printed on the package, but they never have the full name 01
the Company— California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on the front of the package. The imitations
should be rejected because they are injurious to the system. In order to sell the imitations
they find it- necessary to resort to misrepresentation or deception, and whenever a dealer passes
off on a customer a preparation under the name of "Syrup of Figs" or "Fig Syrup, which
does not bear the full name of the California Fig Syrup Co. printed on the front of the package,
he is attempting to deceive and mislead the patron who has-been so unfortunate as to enter ms
establishment, whether it be large or small, for if the dealer resorts to misrepresentation ana
and deception in one case he will do so with other medicinal agents, and in the tilling 01
physicians' prescriptions, and should be avoided by every one who values health and happiness.
Knowing that the great majority of druggists are reliable, we supply the immense demand
for our excellent remedy entirely through the druggists, of whom it may be purchased every-
where, in original packages only, at the regular price of fifty cents per bottle, but as exceptions
exist it is necessary to inform the public of the facts, in order that all may decline or return
any imitation which may be sold to them. - If it does not bear the full name of the Company-
California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on the front of every package, do not hesitate to return the
article and to demand the return of your money, and in future go to one of the better cJass of
' druggists who will sell you what you wish and the best of everything in his line at reasonable prices.
ADVERT JJ5E2LENTS.
4% M /\ V- .Why buy your straw hat .
c£^ *«$*•/•'^\ from an exclusive hat dealer.v
kl. / }^ and pay twice what the hat is '.-
. Vi«jkj**r y S^ really worth?
.^fl ¦ S . / .Our straws are as good, as
Jwkr W the other stores' stock, and-
//Mr > the P"ces are considerably
/ 7fiil>h > -" ;-.a.7.v:-::^%-^\ Smooth* and rough straw
/^W^^^MiJ>Ba(tg(^^^, French palm, in Optimo
V ' " V^wl'Si an^ Fedora shapes:
Vei T fine straw in Three-
¦ fflS^j^Pp^^^^ 3^ in-One shapes.
f|§ff>^' -^^^^T Straw sombreros.
TmL*% £~zJ • Straw Optimos, with dents
IPi The P rices are <45c, 75c
% $*-°°, $1.25, $1.50, §2.oo and v
x fc£k Genuine South American
\^ 7^v jftt Panamas, $4, $5, $6 and $7.50.
Out-of-town orders filled—
T40 Market Street• Prince -Pu r Lun. is .accompanied by a
numerous suiter and in his party there
are ; several \ high-class . Chinese i women!'
Preparations have ; ; been ; made to re
ceive and entertain ; the Prince (during
*ils stay in San Francisco."
'; ; Now that \ th e : Sa nta)Fe ' cheap rates to
St.' Ijouls, thousands : of "Californiahs are
golngri to, the LAVorld'sV Falr.i" This } Is V an
exceptional ~i chance : to " go ? East; for; little
money on the besttraIns.'<The;Santa*Fe
is, the Scenic iWay.*^:> \ . < ;
-. If ,• Interested;; inquire; at\ 641- Market
street, ' San 'Francisco. , , •
The Short,; Quick Way.'
Panama Strike Is Ended.
.PANAMA, April ?ll. r -Ther strike ; on
the : Panama' Railroad : was ¦ brought j, to
aii end to-day.':mbst of the^laboFers re
turning to work under: the old condi
tions.
VANCOUVER. B. C, April 11. — The
Dominion Government has acreed to
extend until May. 1905, the contract
for the mail subsidy for the Canadian-
Australian line of steamships operat
ing from : Vancouver to Sydney. The
contract expired last' spring. There is
a better service this season and in
consequence the. Dominion gives $45,
000/ The entire subsidy given by; the
British, Dominion and - Australian
governments now' totals' $170,000:f:
Mail Subsidy Contract Extended.
ROME,;-'Aprll 11.— Miss Humphreys
of. ; New York; v while r guiding v a : motor
car, to-day -.: in '.which were . St. ; John
Gaffney Jand -'MissTuplghac; of N^v/
York Tand Captain - Marquis Pao
iucci,'"" alth'ough7solngj at; a ; slow (rate
of speed, rah over two children," injur
ing one; seriously. .,.\.^ •¦'.
'* The accident 'occurred in the most
populous^quarter of .,. the city .arid .* a
crowd i : surjrdun^ed^ jjh®'' automobile,''
threatening; its" occupants.' 'The ; police
ihterf efed- and ¦ protected 1^ the }, autoino
bllists,whom they! took .to"- the"? police
office, where they,:, were \ released 'after,
being^ interrogated with ; regard ;^ to the
accident.; "-,-.¦ . -¦¦' • ... ¦•-•
Mob Surrounds Vehicle and Threat ena
Violeric<v but Police Protect
Occupants. "
NEW YORK AUTOMOBILISTS -
HURT CHILDREN IN ROME
The Chinese United . Societies have
"presented^ to the Prince certain me
morials embodying the ; ideas of • the
reformers for the modernization ; of
the Government of China. ,
The official honors ; 'rendered V; the
Prince during his stay; here were'most
elaborate; never before has such a. de
gree of ceremony been observed iii
Honolulu. -
At a p'ublic reception held at f the"
Chinese Consulate last night the Prince"
shook hands jvlth over a' hundred
prominent- persons.'
HONOLULU, April 11.— Prince Pu
Lun, nephew of the Emperor of China
and representative of the Chinese Gov
ernment to the St. Louis exposition,
who arrived here yesterday from . the
East, will proceed for ¦ San Francisco
to-day on the steamship Gaelic. ,
Xephew of China's Emperor Is Re
ceiving Many Courtesies on His
Way to St. Louis.
PRINCE PU JjVS HIGHLY .
HONORED AT HONOLULU
WINNIPEG. Man.; April 11.— At mid
night flood water from the Red River
Is flowing down *Mainv street,:. and the
barns of the Winnipeg Electric Rail
way Company are being; washed by 'a
strong ; current. ¦ Since "yesterday '.*/¦ the
Red River • has risen nineteen *feet : ahd
people along ' its .banks are .fleeing .to
places of ¦ safety. . r The /Assinaboine
River 'also; Is rising, rapidly. '
>' At, Ox Bow "eighteen feet of the"; Ca
nadian . Pacific's massive steel .bridge
has been washed .'away,; stopping
transcontinental ;' traffic, Vwhich -will 'not
be ; resumed ' for - several days. \ Four
other, bridges have also been v ' washed
away' at Ox Bow,-; as Lwell as a number
of houses/alonffithV. river j. bank." ' Poft
¦a'ge .La Prairie, •Selkirk, ¦ Emerson and
Brandon ' report much damsige.
Canadian Pacific 'Bridge Is Destroyed
;by Assinaboinc arid Traffic "/
Is Stopped.
RED RIVER CAUSING
¦C^ DAMAGE ; IX WINNIPEG
PARIS. April 11. — William Seymour
Kernochah of New YorW died here to
day. V
•ST. PETERSBURG, April 11. — The
press is informed officially that up to
the present hour the Government has
not received, any advices of Easter
disturbances anywhere in European
Russia. Complete quiet reigns, ac
cording to reports from all the Jewish
centers of population.
No Easter Troubles in Roseia.
Congressman Pinckney and his sister
-are to. arrive here Wednesday and the
funeral of thte" dead man will be : held
at that time. If.there.is.to.be any^ ; fur
ther, trouble, it is. not likely to happen
until after this' funeral. '
HEMPSTEAD,_ Texas, April 11.—
Warrants have been issued for two
negroes, charging them with the mur
der of Tucker Pinckney, brother of
Congressman John M. Pinckney, at a
church eight miles' from here. It is
expected that there .will be a number
of other arrests. There Is much ex
citement over the entire county."" "
Pinckney. and George Groce rode up
to the church late In the afternoon.
There hadlbeen trouble between George
Groce and r some of the negroes "who
were at the church at the time and, as
Pinckney : entered " the^church to ' get a
drink of water, shooting was begun by
the negroes in'.the church. : Seven shots
were . fired •: in the building ,' and , all/. of
them tobk effect in , the ,body of .' Pinck
ney, who fell dead just outside the door.
Groce '.shot two of the -negroes who
were outside, but neither of them is
fatally wounded. The remainder, of the
blacks scattered and they are keeping
close to their homes. .
With the Crime and Great Ex
citement Prevails.*
Two Negroes Have Been Charged
CONGRESSMAN PINCKNEY'S
BROTHER IS MURDERED
LONDON, April 12.— The Berlin cor
respondent of the Graphic is responsi
ble for the latest rumor regarding the
betrothal of Crown Prince Frederick
William. He says' that the. Crown
Prince may ' possibly return from
Copenhagen, where: he, is now visiting,
formally affianced to Princess Thyra,
the third daughter of the Crown Prince
of Denmark. .
Probable Betrothal of Crown Prince
to a Granddaughter of Kins
Christian.
KAISER'S HEIR MAY WED > >
A PRINCESS OF DENMARK
"The old" proverb, , 'Friends . of our
friends are our: friends, 1 may be again
verified in this case."
Muscovite Is Glad France and Great
Britain Are at' Peace.
V ST. PETERSBURG, April 11.— The
news of the signing of the Anglo-
French colonial \ treaty was cordially
received here. In responsible official
circles the understanding between the
allies of the two belligerents is re
garded 'as the best_ guarantee against
complications, and/ when the war is
over and Russia victorious, as an as
surance that Great Britain will not try
to prevent her reaping the fruits of her
triumph. ¦
PARIS, April 11.— Russian Embassa
dor Nelidoff, acting on instructions
from. Foreign Minister Lamsdorff, has
expressed to Foreign Minister Del
casse the satisfaction of Russia at the
conclusion of the •'. Anglo-French
colonial treaty. ThisV id accepted r < as
Russia's answer to the reports thatthe
Anglo-French treaty was indirectly
hostile to Russia. Nelidoff said:
"We are friends and allies of Francer
As friends,' . we rejoice at ' your suc
cesses. As allies, weare gratified at
this new guarantee of .French strength
and security. / We naturally wish S to
see our allies as strong as possible, and
with the least possible international Is
sues. Therefore, as the accord re
moves numerous vexations, it is most
agreeable to Russia."
As indicating that the accord will
have the effect of improving the rela
tions between Russia' 1 and Great Brit
ain, the Embassador -¦ concludes with
saying:
TREATY PLEASES RUSSIA.
A us trians Storm a Tovrn Hall and
Burn Public Records in
the Streets.
VIENNA, April 11. — A political
meeting at Samovar, near Agram, .
Croatia, yesterday ended in serious
rioting. A mob of peasantry stormed
the Town Hall, carried out the public
records and burned them in the street.
Deputy Kipach and the town notary
were severely beaten- A battery of ar
tillery dispersed the rioters.
POLITICAL MEETING ~"
ENDS IX RIOTLVG
TIENTSIN. ADril 11. — Pavloff, re
'¦ently Russian Minister to Korea, re
turned to Tientsin to-day. He will pro
ceed to Mukden Tuesday next for the
purpose of assisting Viceroy AlexiefL
The Redondo is a vessel of 679 tons
register, and was builtlo 1902 at To
ledo, Ohio, for the lumber trade on
this coast. She is 18S feet long, 38 feet
in beam and 11.5 feet deep. Her hull
Is steel. She has a double . bottom,
where her liquid fuel is "stored. It is
expected that *fihe will sail to-morrow.
The Redondo belongs to Swayne &
Hoyt, and^is one of the sturdiest and
roomiest of vessels engaged In the
coasting trade. She is an oil burner
and well equipped for the long passage
for which she is preparing.. She has
been chartered by Roth, Blum & Co.,
as agents of the Kamtchatka Commer
cial Industrial Company of St. Peters
burg. The loss of the barkentine
Bering and the seizure by the Japanese
of the steamship Kotlc left £hls com
pany without vessels to carry supplies
to its fur sealing stations. The^e sup
plies, in the past, were bough" at Yoko
hama, but the war with Japan closed
that port to the Russian traders.
The Redondo's cargo, which includes
a large shipment of flour, is destined,
say the agents, for the company's sta
tions at Copper Island, Bering Island
and Petropavlovskl. The Redondo will
bring home the season's collection of
furs and make another trip, taking
more supplies and bringing here the
season's sealskin catch. The furs and
sealskins, hitherto forwarded to Lon
don by way of Yokohama, will be ship
ped to England by Roth, Blum & Co.
Captain Kros will command the Re
dondo, but Baron von Bruggin of St.
Petersburg will have charge of the ex
pedition, as those interested term the
business for which the Redondo has
been chartered. Captain Boeddie.
whose steamship, the Kotlc, was at
Nagasaki when the war commenced'
and was siezed by the Japanese, will
sail on the Redondo.
Baron von Bruggin, who arrived here
a few days ago from St. Petersburg,
is said to be the manager ofthe Rus
sian trading company which has char
tered the Redondo.
The steamship Redondo, at Mission
street wharf. Is loading flour and other
supplies for one of Russia's Pacific
ports. Although the bulk of her cargo
Is contraband of war, according to the
Japanese point of view, and will be ac
companied . across the. Pacific, by a
prominent Russian nobleman, it is
destined, say the charterers of the ves
sel, for strictly peaceful purposes.
During the afternoon the Emperor
received the Roman Catholic ; Arch
bishop of Malta, the Most Rev.. P.
Pace, on board the "German imperial
yacht Hohenzollern and later drove to
Citta Vecqhia and visited points of in
terest. »
, This evening his Majesty officially
dined at the palace, afterward held a
reception on board the Bulwark and
viewed the illumination of the fleet in
the harbor.
VALETTA, Island of Malta, April
llj— Emperor William this morning
visited the : British fleet and saw tor
pedo nets, anchor and boat drills. He
took luncheon on board the battleship
Bulwark, flagship of Admiral Sir
Compton E. Domville, commanding the
Mediterranean* fleet, and made a
speech of congratulation to the oflicers
and men on their efficiency. -
Kafeer Visits the British Fleet and
' Holds Reception on the'Battlei
ship Bulwark.
EMPEROR WILLIA3I IS
ENTERTAINED AT MALTA
Russian Baron Will
Sail Ship Out of
San Francisco.
NEW YORK, April 11.— General
Juan J. Jiminez, the Dominican rebel
leader, who fled from the victorious
forces of President Morales, arrived
here to-day on the steamship Phila
delphia from - Venezuela and Porto
Rico.
PORT AU PRINCE. Hayti,. April 11.
Fear is felt here of an attack by nu
merous .Hay tian exiles, organized by
General Jiminez, former President of,
the Dominican republic, and now
gathered in Dominican territory. The
Government has declared a state oC
siege in all departments of the republic
and the frontiers are guarded by
strong forces. 7 ,
Former Rebel Leader Is Back In
Dominican Territory and Peo
ple Are Alarmed.
GENERAL JIM1NEZ 3IAX
START NEW REVOLUTION
STEAM SCHOONER REDOKDO.
WHICH WILt. CARRY SUPPLIES
TO THE PAR EAST.
*»<i to accept an invitation of Emperor
Nicholas to follow # the Russian opera
tions in the Far East, but the War
Minister refused to grant him the_nec
essary permission.
The Journal dos Debats says Col
onel Marchand, of Fashoda fame, re
cently offered his resignation to Min
ister of War Andre. Marchand ¦wish-
Exchanges of Shots Between Russian
and Japanese Forces.
PARIS. April 11. — A dispatch to the
Temp* from St. Petersburg says some
further exchanges of shots have oc
curred between the Russian and Jap
anese forces along the borders of the
Yalu River. Vice AdmiralMakaroff,
the dispatch add5. is inspecting the
out'.yingr defenses of Port Arthur.
Official advices received to-day by
th«? French Government confirm the
j'tess dispatches announcing that Jap
an's first army, consisting: of four
army corps, is now completely landed,
in Korea, and the second army, con
sisting- of a similar number of corps,
h; about to start. The points of de
barkation of the second army are not
known.
STRING ALONG TELE YALU.
NEWCHWANG. April 11.— An of
ficial explanation was issued to-day of
the firing of guns from the, forts here
last night, which caused a certain
amount of excitement and the killing
T>f two Chinese. It appears from the
official statement that, owing to the
fact that the officers of the garrison
did not understand the system of cus
toms flash signals in use at the mouth
of the river, for the purpose of signal
ing the depth of the water on the bar,
so as to enable ships to put to sea,
flre was opened last night'at some pilot
boats and o'utwaru'-bound merchant
men. These vessels were sighted by
the forts some time after midnight and
at 12:30 o'clock the artillery opened fire
upon them, twenty-four shots being
fired, including projectiles from large
guns. The effect of the fire had, not
been reported up to noon to-day, but
the firing caused excitement among the
troops, during which a sentry^ fired
upon and killed two Chinese opposite
the foreign settlement and three mem
bers of the forts. The Chinese had be
come alarmed at the firing and wer*»
endeavoring to cross the 'river.
In view of the i reports received here
of Japanese activity in Korea and of
the arrival of Japanese troops on the
Yalu River, it is understood that the
troops of the garrison had been fully
warned that it was possible the Japan
ese would make an attack on this place
and the citizens, on hearing the firing,
naturally supposed that the attempt
was being made last night.
LONDON. April 12.— The Tientsin
correspondent of the Standard says
that Russia has again protested
against the presence of Chinese troops
on the Manchurian frontier and has
demanded their withdrawal within a
five-mile limit of the great wall.
While it is not specifically stated
that China's failure to comply with
the Russian demands will be consid
ered a violation of Chinese neutrality,
this is believed to be the true account
of the situation. It is added that Kuro
patkin is disposing of 20,000 men where
they will be available for use in the di
rection of the Chinese frontier, but no
confirmation of this report is obtain
able.
* It is pointed out that, without the
consent of the Peking Government, the
Japanese officere who are with Gen
eral Ma, who is now north of the
Great Wall, easily can obtain domi
nant Influence over the Chinese troops
and use them If the Japanese opera
tions demand the creation of a diversion
In General Kuropatkin's rear, possi
bly resulting: in cutting- his communi
cations. If General Kuropatkin Is
compelled In time of stress to meet a
sudden and unexpected attack from
this quarter, it might greatly embar
rats him. Of course, the Poking Gov
ernment would disavow complicity, but
the harm would be done, " and Russia
considers that the immediate removal
of Japanese influence from the Chinese
army is imperative.
Official advices received here to-day
state that the Japanese forces in Korea
have made decided progress up to the
Yalu River. At the Japanese legation
it Is stated that fighting may be ex
pected within a few days, and this
statement is understood to be founded
upon quite recent cablegrams from^he
Foreign Office in Toklo.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 1L— The
reports that Lessar, the Russian Min
ister at Peking, had made strong.rep
resentatlons to the Chinese Govern
ment on the subject of the Japanese
military instructors in the service of
China and the Japanese officers with
General Ma's army, demanding the
Issuance of orders for their dismissal,
are confirmed here. Russia regards
their continued presence where they
are as being a inost f serious threat to
her.
6pec!aJ TMspatch to Tb» Call.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON. April 1L— The Rus
sian protest against the continued ser
vice of Japanese officers as military
instructors In the Chinese army is
tacitly approved by the United States,
and it is not improbable that similar
representations will be made to China
by the State Department. The activity
of the Chinese imperial troops under
General Yuan Shi Kai has not troubled
Secretary Hay and the President as
much as it has the Russian Govern
ment. Nevertheless the strain which
now exists between the forces at Pe
king which desire to maintain China's
neutrality and those which are anxious
to cast the lot of the empire with
Japan is considered a most vital ele
ment of the situation.
Germany is extremely restless about
the pro-Japanese tendency of General
Yuan Shi Kai and his lieutenant. Gen
eral Ma. Baron Sternburg, the Ger
man Embassador, has already made
the presence of Japanese officers in the
Chinese army the subject of a confer
ence with Secretary Hay.
Although Germany is keeping well
in the background, the preservation of
China'^ neutrality is extremely v^tal
to her. Germany initiated the agree
ment between the powers to respect
and to assist the neutrality of China
and to do all possible to limit the area
of hostilities.
It is learned that the Russian Gov
ernment several weeks ago sent a mil
itary agent to observe what effect the
presence of the Japanese officers was
having on the Chinese army. It is evi
dent that he learned that these offi
cers were fomenting pro-Japanese sen
timents. Otherwise the protests by
Minister Lessar to the Chinese Govern
ment probably would never have been
made.
Loss of Life at* New
; chwang Due to
Mistake.
Washington Approves
Czar's Protest to
China.
The Easter merry-making is in pro
press, business being suspended, the
Government departments are closed
and the war bulletins bare, except for
the order of the mobilization of naval
reserves. Only three newspapers appear
and they are In the form of fly sheets.
Mcsho Heriky, in the Grashdanin,
pays a f.ne tribute to Prince Khilkoff,
the Minister of Railroads, whom he
compares with Peter the Great, work
ing with his own hands on the Baikal
Railroad to stimulate the workmen to
perform marvels, like Peter at the
foundry in St. Petersburg. The Minis
ter will return soon to Baikal to re
sume personal direction of building the
circular line which, it is hoped, will be
running by July, a year earlier than
planned. Prince Khilkoff expects soon
to have seven two-section military
trains running daily.
(Jeeenil Kuropatkin is proceeding on
p.n Inspection tour of the outposts along
the Yalu River. General Rennenkas
jKiff's Cossack division, numbering 10,
000 men, has arrived on the Upper
Yalu. The Fourth Army Corps reached
Harbin ten days ago. Vladivostok Is
held by 13,000 riflemen.
An officer and fifteen Cossacks who
were left south of the Yalu to recon
r.oiter after the Russians retired, suc
ceeded in locating the Japanese posi
tions without discovery, swimming
their horses a mile and a half in re
crcssing the river.
ST' PETERSBURG. April 11.— The
Korean Government has not complied
with Japan's report* J demand for the
recall of the Korean Minister at St.
Petersburg, who continues in official
relations with the Russian Foreign Of
fice. In an interview the Minister said:
••1 have not -the slightest intimation
from Seoul confirming the reports that
Japan Is Insisting uj>on my recall. The
Japanese could not make such a de
mand without violating the Anglo-Jap
aneye treaty pledging Korean indepen
dence."
Kuropatkin Inspecting
Outposts on the \
Yalu.
"General Kuropatkin intends to have
the Caucasian mountaineers operate in
Korea, which they will enter when it
is considered that the decisive moment
has arrived to drive out the Japanese,
which will not be before August.
"I learn that fifteen batteries of eight
guns each are now between Liaoyang
and Harbin. 'The engineers are doub
ling the line between Kultuk and Duho.
"A large order for mountain batter
ies has been given to Russian -firms.
"French Embassador Bombard, who
is now in ParlS; on the pretext L ' of
spending the Easter holidays with his
son, has really gone to consult Del
casse concerning the significance of the
British entente with reference to the
Russian alliance."; ,^-- •'
-Rear Admiral Rojestrensky will hoi*«t
his flag as commander- of the formid
able Baltic squadron early, in July and
will sail immediately 'for Port Arthur
with the 'following, vessels: :The battle
ships Slava, Borodino, Orel, Kniaz,
Souvaroff, Alexander III and Oslabya,
the last named- being now en route here
from Cherbourg; the cruisers Aurora,
Dmitri Donskoi, Svietland, Almaz,
'Jemtchug and Izumrud, and the trans
ports Kamtschatka and Ocean, each
carrying -1000 tons of coal. _ The Tera
perley conveyers ordered! In the United
States are expected soon and they will
enable the squadron to coal at sea.
The last possible difficulty regarding
the passage of the Suez canal disap
peared last week with the signing of
the Anglo-French colonial treaty, by
wftich Great Britain adheres to the
convention of 1888 concerning the free
passage of the canal.
PARIS, April 12.— The Echo de Paris
this morning publishes the following
dispatch from its St. Petersburg corre
spondent: -
"The First, Second, Third and Fourth
Army Corps have taken up positions
in Manchuria and the Fifth Army
Corps is in ''Western Siberia, advancing
toward designated positions. These,
with the Tenth and Seventeenth Army
Corps, the Cossacks actually tn the Far
East and the j Caucasian cavalry now
being mobilized, will bring the total
number of'* men in the army and at
the seat of war up to 460,000 by the end
of May. , . ? W :
ST. PETERSBURG, April 11.—Ex
ceptionally reliable information regard
ing the Russian military plans confirms
the" repeated announcements that these
plans will not mature until late in the
summer. They are of far greater mag-,
nitude ; than is generally believed
abroad and _take into account-all pos
sible contingencies:
General Kuropatkin, v remembering
the experience of Russia . during her
war with Turkey, when the Russian
army placed in the field at" the'begin
ning had to be more than; doubled, has
insisted that the men and guns to be
placed at his disposal shall cover tho
extreme limit required to settle the fate
of the "campaign..
The : Russians plans are predicated
upon Napoleon's dictum that "God
fights oh. the side of the heaviest bat
talions," and they are being: worked out
and. timed so, as to apply to a superi
ority-of numbers on land and sea sim
ultaneously." The army is designed to
attain .the enormous total of 500,000
men at the , time scheduled for the re
inforcement of Vice Admiral Makaroff's
fleet with the, Baltic squadron. Thu
Seventeenth and Tenth Army Corps,
now. drafting,, are expected to reach
Manchuria, by -the middle of June. The
mobilization of four other corps, at
least two of .which' , will be from the
Volga, will be announced by the middle
of next month and they will start east
ward a* month later, \ reaching their
destination at the end of August. ;
Slavs Not to Strike
Until in the
Autumn.
RUSSIA'S PLAN OF CAMPAIGN MEANS A LONG WAR
¦¦;_¦-.' ¦ - , - • ¦ ¦ » — ¦ ¦ t ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi. 1 . TUESDAY; /APRIL/ £12, 1904.
3
ADVEBTISTiTyrFNTS. X
Night Shirts 35c
f^^^\%T^ S^ : '^ v maker of, sleeping
>\ < \' i ' '\m-- x$$ji&i0s. garments wishing to re-
xJ^^k"^cs^i "v^^fe tire f rom the tra^ e so 'd
m. ¦.-.'¦.• .% s^^' IS his stock "on hand at
aL an extremely low cash,
.aV A '^^fejr«3'- l^m-- pr^ ce# e c^ n reta^ 1
%*> '-¦¦ ••¦•¦ llk^i? '^ '^^K? these nightshirts for
¦ \W about r the cost^ of the
*-- : -^^----C^K^^\ : Tne y are made ° f good
¦^WlX^^'^X J\, quality muslin, cut full
.S^i- size in width andlength;
¦'^flfsJiL > .^^ double sewed seams,'
¦ J .'¦;.¦'¦ carefully worked button
holesVpearl^ 'buttons; some plain white, others with
featrier-edge: trirnmihg -on; collar, cuffs,: pocket and'
Ifrojifr'some'whHcpllare
.merits^ in^eyery, way ; sizes 15, 16, 17, 18 and 19. tp.
IWfiile they last we. will sell them for'. . ... .-. . OiTC:
7 At;the same time we purchased some fc | f\(\
pajamas;to sell for. vV... .....:. :.W«vU a suit
y740rMarket Street *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
M Evaporated a
h Oream m
KB alvays bears the sbove cap j^a
label. It means the s^mejra?
as telling you that we
j|| back up its purity' vith a§9
$5,000 guarantee. Kpf
i|| Made by the largest pro- g^
M I ducers of Evaporated gaj&
J&jz $ Cream in the vorld. *§§%
PERFECT
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY
Schilling's Best, so far as ii
goes, means comfort and east
and economy.
Moneyback; at your grocer's.
A VENERw4pTPASfW~
CURED BY PE-RU.NA
Pe-ru-na/ls a Catarrhal Tonic lt^liUlfe*
Especially Adapted to ths De- / iijffi j i ; T^fifcr
fm ' Mlfi £m/%2Z%^Wnm now my h^arlns? 1b restored sls good as tt
BH/S BJ^WlIl was prior to Jun^. 150L My rheumatic
mMl Wr^^^^^Mr km Pains are all gone. I cannot apeak t<*>
mllMWi WM highly of Peruna. and now when 8S year*.
Ill MMwJpMZzW/ffi/tM I old can say it has invigorated my whole
JflHHlM)|||reflff^ I syfltem. I cannot but think, dear doctor.
™^^t«i3HBiHB(liBBHv that you muKt feel very thankful to th«
CfJ^ ~.TnJ &UL-—J1 - Father that you have been per-
1 %tsTGK Q/m 11. %JUlttbBVl to live, and by your skill be such
_ r wr a blessing as you have been to suffering
mmmmm '^ mmmmmm^ m T^ m^^^ humanity." — Rev. J. N. Parker.
Stroni and Vigorous at the Age of A Bishop's Utter.
Eltfhtv-eitfht . ¦ T. H. Lomax. D. D^ Bishop 2nd Dlst.
; cisnty-Ciint. a. M. E., of Charlotte. N. C writes:
Rev J N Parker Utlca. X T writes- " J recommend your Peruna to aU who
Jtev. j. w. utlca, ». X.. writes. strengthening tonic an<i a very
"In June. 1901, I lost my sense of hear- J^eetlve remedy for all catarrhal com-
big entirely. My hearing had been some- plaints." T. H. Lomax.
what Impaired for 'several years, but not If you do not receive prompt and sat-
bo much affected but that I could hold Isfactory results from the use of Peruna.
converse with my friends: but in June J5f.^one. to fartman^fM**£
1901. my sense of hearing left me ao that ™ pI eased to give you his valuable ad-
I could hear no sound whatever. I was v j ce gratis.
also troubled with rheumatic pains in my Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
limbs. I commenced taking Peruna and Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus. Ohio.,x ¦ The Russian '?. G ove^n hieht's * revenue
from the liquor • trade . this year, will
reach ; about $35S,OOO,OO6." , * \ ¦' '.
Largc Land Suit Is Compromised.
MERCED. April l'l>— The lawsuit
of Simon Newman against John F.
Lassing, which was set for trial here
to-day, was compromised and settled
out of courL The suit Involved a large
tract of land near the town of. New
man. Lawyers of San Francisco were
engaged on both sides and prepara
tions had been made for a bitter con-
WASHINGTON,, April 11.— The fol
lowing! Californlians' are -registered
here: ; «At: the? New Willard— W.. H.
Hoey of San Francisco, - Mrs. K. E.
Hutchinson of Los Angeles.- ¦
Californians in Washington.
Warren W. John of San Luis Obispo
was appointed trustee of t;he Califor
nia Polytechnic School in San Luis
Obispo County, vice self, term expired.
H. E. Coil of Woodland was appointed
director of the Fortieth School Dis
trict, vice W. J. Probost, term expired.
SACRAMENTO, 'April • H:?—Gov
ernor Pardee to-dqy reappointed Fred
erick W. Dohrmann- and -Garret Mc-
Enerney Regents of the, University of
California. " . S''-'-
in Their Positions at the
State Institution.
Dohnnanu and McEnerney" Continue
govi:rnor risl\ppoints •
university regents
the company over Unemployment of a
weighman. It has been , the custom for
the union to" elect a ' weighman from
among their number, but the company
claimed they had no .protection under
this system and' refused -to recognize
the selection made by Y the union two
weeks ago.. Manager Pettigrew ; stated
to-day that the mines * will | 'remain
closed until the 1 * union concedes the
company's request. ;. f ¦'
RED -LODGE, Mont., April 11.— Six
hundred men employed ' in the coal
mines of the Northwestern Improve
ment Company at this place are out on
strike as . a result of, a' disagreement
between the union and the officials of
DISPUTE OVER EMPLOYE
LEADS TO A STRIKE
Six Hundred Miners Quit Work Be
cau.se Welshman Is Not Chosen
From Union.
; WASHINGTON, April , 11.— -The
sundry civil appropriation bill upon
which committee work was completed
to-day will contain provisions for,. the
Improvement of the 'Presidio grounds,
for ' lightkeepers' ; stations \ at | Mendo
cino, Point Conception and 'Point Bo
nita and for taking lightships built on
the Atlantic Coast j to j stations on the
Pacific ; Coast. , ' jV
Senator Perkins offered Bell's anti
canteen amendment, / touching; State
soldiers' homes, whereby such homes
may \ not ; secure Federal \ aid : unless
they subscribe to" theVrbyislons of j the
law, governing . the I home ' at Washing
ton, D. C, which , requires^managers
to; hold; the pensions of inmates for
the, benefit of dependent- relatives.'*'" /
: v. Perkins', arhendments' prov^iihg for
an ; Immigration: building at 1 San Fran
cisco, for life-saving statibn^at- Half
moon"; Bay, and for a l , regular quaran
tine station at^San Diego^were cut out
as being- general ' legislation. : * Separate
bills for all these are pending. ¦
ported Favorably.
California Senators Are Re-
Important Amendments Offered by
MANY COAST PROVISIONS V *
IN' SUNDRY CIVIL BILL
PUEBLO, Colo., April 11. — The po
lice claim that evidence .of a sensa
tional nature was unearthed to-day in
the Demolli kidnaping case and it' is
stated that warrants will be issued
against seven men who are thought to
be guilty of the crime. A man whose
name the police refuse to divulge has
been found who claims to have over
heard the discussion of the conspiracy
against the life of Demolli, but he is
unable to identify the men who were
talking. The victim of the assault is
recovering rapidly from his wounds.
MAY HAVE IMPORTANT
CLEW TO KIDNAPERS
"Moyer .will s never be produced in
court untilv Governor ; Peabody. orders
me to do so, unless he escapes and goes
over the range on snowshoes."
TELLURIDE, Colo., April 11.— When
General Sherman M. Bell was Informed
to-'day that Judge Theron Stevens, in
the District Court of : Ouray County,
had ordered ' himself and Captain
Bulkeley Wells arrested and confined in
tbe Ouray County jail on the charge of
contempt of court, he said:
"If Sheriff Corbett takes us to Ouray
it will have'to be over the dead bodies
of all the, soldiers under my command
in; this county. He has not got men
enough to do that. The situation de
mands that we stay in Telluride.
General : Bell . Defies the Court.
The trial trip of the Watsonville
Transportation Company's new steam
er, the F. A. Kilbourn, will be made
in Sun Francisco Bay from Mission
street wharf to-morrow afternoon and
many local stockholders will be there
as guests of the company. Saturday,
April 16, the Kilbourn will make, her
first visit to Port Rogers and will be
given a rousing welcome by the citi
zens of this place, as the event will
mark the beginning of a regular
steamer service between Watsonville
and San Francisco.
WATSOXV1LLE, April 11. — The
crossing. for the intersection of the Pa
jaro Valley Consolidated Railroad by
the Watsonville Transportation Com
pany's new electric line arrived to-day
and car? will now run on Third street
to the Southern Pacific line. The lat
ter crossing, is in course of construe-*
tion in San Francisco and cars will be
running to the Main-Btfeet terminus
in a few days. Two observation cars,
each with a capacity of 100 pas
sengers, will arrive from San Fran
cisco this week and be transferred to
the electric line at Third street. These
news cars are to be run as trailers to
supplement the carrying capacity of
the motors now in use.
Xo announcement of the sailing of
the steamer Aurelia had been made
and over 600 excursionists to Port
Rogers were disappointed yesterday .to
find her
Connection of Lines Nearly Complete
and Steamship Traffic Will Not
lie Ixmg Delayed.
WATSON VI LL.E REJOICES
AT THE RAILROAD WORK
PUEBLO, Colo., April 11.— C. A.
Smith, a foreman at the steel works,
was shot in the head by an unknown
person this evening and probably will
die as a result of the wound. His as
sailant is supposed to have been one of
a number of men with whom he quar
reled over the subject of using coal
mined by-non-union, men. Smith was
about to board a train at Bessemer
Junction when he was shot. The po
lice are at work on the case, but so
far have secured ? no evidence as to
the person who fired the shot.
MURDERED FROM AMBUSH.
The defense introduced' a great
amount of evidence tending to show
that Francheschi was insane, it being
claimed that. his mother and sister had
been confined in asylums for the ' in
sane in Italy/ Francheschi seemed to
be unmoved by the result of the trial.
Both men were Italians.
BUTTE, Mont., April 11.— Salvatore
Francheschi, whose trial for the murder
of Deputy Sheriff Joe Lazzari, at
Meadeville on June 25 last, ended to
day, was found guilty of murder in the
second degree and his sentence fixed
by the jury at ninety-nine years in the
penitentlary» " - - • "
Italian Who Killed a Deputy Sheriff
in Montana Is Found
Guilty.
NINETY-NINE YEARS IN
PRISON FOR MURDERER
OURAY, Colo., April 11.— District
Judge Theron Stevens to-day declared
Adjutant General Sherman M. Bell and
Captain Bulkeley Wells, who are in com
mand of the troops at Telluride, to be
In contempt of court for not comply
ing with the writ of habeas corpus
which required them to bring before
the court to-day Charles H. Moyer,
president of the Western Federation
of Miners, whom they are holding in
confinement at Telluride. The court
ordered Sheriff Corbett to proceed to
Telluride and arrest the two 'military
officers and bring them before jj the
court. Judge Stevens severely criti
cized the course of Governor James H.
Peabody and the military authorities,
saying they appeared to be in insur
rection against the courts.
Moyer was arrested on March 26 on
a charge of flag desecration, and when
released under bonds several days later
he was immediately seized by the mili
tary authorities. General Bell has said
that the reason for holding Moyer is
"military necessity." ,
The return to the writ made by Gen
eral Bell, throu*gh Assistant District
Attorney David Howe of Telluride, ex
cused his failure to produce the body
of Moyer on the ground that he deemed
it -unsafe to bring Moyer to Ouray or
to reduce the military force' in San
Miguel County by so doing and that
the Governor had ordered him to dis
regard the writ.
Judge, Stevens refused to. permit the
filing of the return to the writ made
by General Bell and Captain Wells,
issued an order of attachment, against
them and assessed' a fine of $500 each,
and expressed regret .that the Gover
nor was not before the court, as ¦ he
considered hlm-equally guilty with Gen
eral Bell, and Captain Wells.
Judge Stevens said:/ "The people of
The unusually peaceful conditions
prevailing in the district ever since the
exodus of the ; main body 'of troops
has convinced the Governor that sol
diers are no longer needed. '
fused to allow his answer to the writ
to be filed with the co^rt. „
Governor Peabody to-day ordered all
the remaining troops in th* Cripple
Creek district, about fifty in number,
withdrawn and returned to their
homes.
DENVER, Colo.,, April 11. — When
Governor Peabody was informed of the
action of Judge • Theron Stevens of
Ouray ordering the arrest of Adjutant
General Bell and' Captain Bulkeley
Wells : for contempt of court in not
complying with the writ of habeas cor
pus in -the Moyer case. : he said:
"We will not recognize the writ of at
tachment, and the military authorities
will not appear in court. Neither will
we give. up Moyer. We will claim that
the courts have no; right to enjoin or
arrest", the officers or. members of the
military while they are on duty. They
Writ Nor Give Up .Moyer.
Executive Says lie Will Not Recognize
Ouray will rightly resent the imputa
tion, that General Bell or Captain Wells
could not come alone and In safety with
President Moyer before this court.
"A very grave question', is presented
as to whether it is the striking miners
or a Governor of Colorado and a na
tional guard that are engaged in in
surrection and rebellion against the
laws of the State.
"When a condition of insurrection
exists here it is time enough to talk
of unsafety; but no such state of af
fairs does prevail here nor ever has.
"The charge against the law abiding
citizens of this county is unjust. There
are no signs of violence here. If there
is to be a reign of military despotism
in this State, and civil authority is to
have no Jurisdiction, the latter might
as well go out of business." ; -^
Should Sheriff Corbett fail to arrest
General Bell and Captain Wells and
obtain possession of 'President Moyer,
as he has been ordered to do • by the
court. Attorney E. F.^ Richardson, rep
resenting the Western . Federation of
Miners, will apply to. the State Su
preme Court for a writ of habeas cor
pus for Moyer.
GOVERNOR PEABODY CALM.
THREE OF. THE PRINCIPALS IN. THE COLORADO STRIKE COMPLICATIONS.
WHICH HAVE RESULTED IN AN OPEN DEFIANCE OF THE JUDICIARY BY
i '» THE •GOVERNOR* OI-* THE STATE AND TWO MILITARY OFFICERS.
SPOKANE, Wash., April 11. —
Creighton McLean, a 9-year-old boy,
who lives upon Clearwater River, a
few miles from Grangeville, Idaho,
was severely injured by the explosion
of dynamite caps, with which he was
playing yesterday. The caps had been
slid, from the Dewey mine by the boy's
brothers and he was given them to
play with. One o^f the caps exploded
while being/ handled, tearing -the
fingers and thumb in a fearful man
ner.' This explosion discharged an
other of the caps in his trousers
pocket. His thigh and groin were ter
ribly, lacerated.
It was necessary to take the boy to
a Grangeville hospital for medical
treatment, but despite his Wounds and
the agony on the journey it is believed
he will recover. '
for 'Playthings and Is In
a Hospital.
Idaho Youngster Uses Dangerous Caps
DYNAMITE EXPLODES
IN A BOY'S POCKET
DEXVER. Colo.. April 11. — Judte Palmer,
In the criminal division of tbe District Court,
to-day decided that there is no punishment
prescribed by statute In this State for fraud
committed at sr>ectal elections, such as t!ie
recent charter elections in this city. This
decision ¦ frees eighteen election - officials, who
were charged 1 with the stuffing of ballot
boxes. ,¦•.»••-¦-.
COURT DENIES MURDEKER
BOlJLXS A SEVP TRIAL.
At noon the Pope re-entered his
apartment. tb«» procession being formed
in the same manner as on entering the
chun-h. There was no applause and
a lark of incident except that several
persons fainted, especially women and
soldiers .who had been on the piazza
since 4 o'clock this morning.
The simple Gregorian chant, forming
an immense volume like one voice
•with tree melody, produced a remarka
ble effect in St. Peter's, which it is
crmFiderc-d diQcult to attain in small
churches. The merit for the success
goes to Abbe Perosi, the prime mover
in the introduction of the Gregorian
chant.
After a brief halt In the Chapel of
the SacrainenL the Pope proceeded to
the throne. The triple crown was
placed on his head .by Cardinal Mac
chL Immediately after the crowning
the Pontiff celebrated mass to the ac
companiment of the Gregorian chant,
which echoed solemnly throughout thV
Immense basilica.
PRELATE'S HEALTH GOOD
¦ ¦ »
Great Cathedral Is Filled
and Big Audience Refrains
From Loud Applause
ROME. Auril 11.— For the first time
Blnce his coronation on Augusi ft, 1S»O3,
the Por>e went this morning to Si.
Peler's to sav mass in ceJebratlon of
the thirteenth centennial of St. Greg
ory the Great (Who died in 604 A. D.)
The Immerse basilica of St. Peter's
was filled, more than 70,000 persons
being present. The Pope was in the
beet of health. He appeared In the
eedia gestatcrla, althuugh the motion
of his chair, carried on the {shoulders
of bearers, makes him IlL
On his (express recomrnradatlcm the
audience refrained from applause or
crying out, contenting themseives with
the waving of handkerchiefs.
The inside oi SU Peter's offered,
usual, a grajid sight, which, ooce seen.
Is never forgotten. There were only
three tribunes, for members of the
aristocracy, diplomatic corps and royal
families respectively. There waa also
a special reserved plar* for the Pope's
family, which was occupied by his
three sisters.
The Slstine choir, directed bv Abbe
Perosi, who, together with Maestro
Rella. has been its organiser and in
etrucfcir for to-day's Gregorian chant,
had a special box near the throne,
•\vhUe grouped around it were 1200
youths of practically every national
ity, race and color belonging to the
ecclesiastical colleges at Rome. The
Benedictine monks, who formed the
choir, was also located here. The ar
rivaJ of Poi)e Plus was heralded by a
blare of silver trumpets. Although the
procession was as gorgeous as ever,
tie bright rfd of the cardinals" gowns,
mingled with the brown robes of the
monks and the white gowns of the
choir, the benignant flgnre of the Pope
under the gorgeous canopy, the pic
turosqoe ostrich fans and the glitter
ing helmets of the guards, its recep
tion seemed cold after the frantic ap
plause permitted by Pope Lieo. This,
however, heightened the effect of the
choir. ¦ which greeted him with music
es he came in.
Policeman G. C. Badenhauer learned
from . Mrs. F. L. Brown that she had
seen a man leaving the rear of her
residence Just before the fire. She saidi
the man was short, of stout build and
wore a bicycle cap. She noticed that
the bottom of his trousers were tucked
in as if he had been riding.
While these incipient fires were be
ing extinguished, a blaze was observed
in the basement of the house 1457 Ful
ton street, occupied by S. Rosenthal.
A baby carriage . containing a pillow
was found on fire. .
The fire marshal and the police are
investigating a suspicious fire that oc
curred at the Junction of Fulton and
Broderick streets early yesterday
morning.
It 'was found that some one had
stuffed some paper under the steps
in the rear of 634 Broderick street,
which is occupied by F. L. Brown.
Besides this a box had been set fire to
in the rear of 631 Broderick street.
About the same time a blaze was dis
covered at 1334 Fell street.
"General Wade, to whom General
Wood's report was" made and who
transmitted it to the department, adds
that the conditions in the Taraca Val
ley for the last three months have been
such as to render the above action ab
solutely necessary."
"Every effort was made to bring the
Moros to terras peacefully, but in each
Instance our troops were attacked be
fore firing a shot and force only was
used when other methods failed and
the enemy attacked us. The two chiefs
who have been at the bottom of all
the trouble on the east side of Lanao
for two years are now in hiding and
they will be arrested if possible.
WASHINGTON, April 1L— The fol
lowing bulletin was posted at the War
Department to-day:
"General Wood reports that he in
vited Sultan. Taraca to meet him at
Vicars on March 23 for consultation
and that the Sultan refused to come
and instead made extensive hostile
preparations. Marchingtolumns from
Marahut and Vicars left on the second
of April to assemble the cavalry. The
Vicars column was fired into all night
ten miles from Vicars and one enlisted
man was seriously wounded. The Mar
ahut column waa strongly resisted at
the mouth of the Taraca River and, al
though every effort was made to ac
complish a peaceful landing, ~ two en
listed* men were seriously wounded.
The combined force assembled in the
valley on the fourth of April and a
large number of hostile fortified cot
tas, occupied, were destroyed from
April 4 to April 1. The troops then
returned to their proper stations. New
comb, Company K, Seventeenth Infan
try and Wampler, CompanyD, Twenty
third Infantry, were killed.
Several Republican members took
this as a reflection on Morgan and
Dovener and declared that if they
were paired and voted they did so un
der a misapprehension.
The Speaker informed the Hous,e
that the stating of pairs in the Record
was purely a non-official matter, but
the* statement of the vote itself is of
ficial. Pairs, he said, frequently were
declared off without clerks being noti
fied. After Williams announced that
he was not criticizing anybody the
matter •was dropped. . — • . v
The fallowing bills also -were passed:
For the relief of certain settlers on
The Dalles military road land grant,
in Oregon; to restrict the unlimited
transfer of merchandise In bonded
¦warehouses!: authorizing the Secretary
of the Interior to correct the records
where double allotments of land have
been made to Indians and to correct
errors in land patents, granting to the
State of Oregon certain lands to be
used by It for the purpose of main
taining and operating a fish hatchery-
A Senate Joint resolution was passed
authorizing the issue of duplicate
medals for distinguished and meritori
ous service where the originals have
been lost or destroyed.
Williams, the minority leader, rising
to a question of privilege, called atten
tion to last Saturday's vote on the"
proposition to lay on the table the
Cockran resolution regarding the Pres
ident's pension order. He said that
the Congressional Record showed that
both Morgan of Ohio and Dovener of
West Virginia were recorded as voting
"aye" and at the same time appeared
as being paired with Snook of Ohio
and Trimble of Kentucky respectively,
which would have made the vote 101
to 100. He said that as neither Snook
nor Trimble voted the names of Mor
gan and Dovener should be taken from
the list of "yeas."
WASHINGTON, April 11. — The
House to-day passed the bill reported
by the Committee on Rivers and Har
bors, appropriating $3,000,000 for the
restoration or maintenance of channels
and for other .river and harbor im
provements. Burton, chairman of the
committee, in explaining the bill urged
the adoption of settled principles with
regard to river and harbor -work. Bur
gess of Texas and Ransdell of Louisi
ana favored Increases in the appro
priations for river and harbor im
provements, the former ' urging that
they should be doubled and the latter
regarding (100,009,000 as not too much.
Burton favored the policy of requir
ing communities interested in river or
harbor Improvements to participate in
the expenses and said preference
should be given to channels and har
bors which benefited a greater area.
Discussing tne question of inland
-waterways. Burton called attention to
the vast sums, amounting to many
millions of dollars, which would be re
quired to construct them, and declared
thai the adoption of any one of them
would furnish a precedent for the
adoption of alL
Man Wearing a Bicycle
Cap Seen Leaving One of
Places bv Lady Occupant
• Burgess of Texas and Pans
dell of Louisiana Speak in
! Favor of the Greater Funji
Two Aiifericaiis Are Killed
During the Attack, but the
Enemy Is Quickly Routed
are not - subject to attachment or in
junction at this time.'. If the District
Court of Ouray Is to be allowed to in
terfere in the carrying out of the plans
of the military under martial law,
there is no reason -why Justices of the
Peace might not with equal authority
intervene and render the military ab
solutely powerless and impotent. The
court I made ; known its wishes in the
matter and; we have stated our posi
tion. 7 It is" now up_to the court to
make, the" next - move in .the matter..
"What that will be I am unable to say."
Not having heard from Attorney
General ¦ Miller, who is representing the
military in the habeas corpus hearing
at Ouray, the Governor could not say
.what' course . the • Attorney-General
would : pursue since \ Judge Stevens »re-
TROOPS ARE FIRED UPON
POLICE INVESTIGATING
! INCREASE IS URGED
ifeii.su re Providing for Im
provement of Waterways
| Carries Only 33.000.000
His Holiness Attends Service
at Sfc Peter's in Memory
of St. (Jix^ory the Great
General Wood's Request for
a Conference Is Answered
by Hostile Demonstration
Judge Stevens Is. Indignant Because General Bell and Captain
Wells Ignored a Writ of Habeas Corpus and the Action of
Military Authorities and the Executive'' Is Bitterly Criticized
Four Fires Are Discovered
at the Same Time Within
a Block of .Each Other
THOUSANDS SEE
POPE AT MASS
HOUSE PASSES
HARBORS BILL
SULTAN TARACA
SHOWS FIGHT
MAY BE DOINGS
OF INCENDIARY
COURT ORDERS ARREST OF ARMY MEN
AND REBUKES GOVERNOR OF COLORADO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL^; TUESDAY.- : APRIL/ 12/ 1904:
4
DENVER, April It, — Judge Dick
son to-day refused - new trial to Rus-
Be'll Bolles, convicted of the murder of
32-year-old Harold Fridborn, and sen
tenced him to life imprisonment, as
recommended by the jury. Fridborn
was killed on December 31. 1901,
when attempting to protect his sis
ter. The crime was so atrocious that
the jury leniency in sparing Bolles'
life caused astonishment.
DIED OF HIS INjriUES.— John Lloyd, who
Jell from a alxtti-Rtcry window in the Donohoe
tmildln? on Kunday night, dlPd at tlie Empr
pency Hospital yesterday morning at 4 o'rlcx-k
LUiyd could eive no nason for koIiir to th»
pla<~* whore h<; me; hi* death. Up had lived
at Ctt) Natoma street, and wan employed a* a
mnvasser for a i"hica«o installment company.
Tne tKviy was removed to the Morgue, where
an lr.ourst will be hold.
Magistrate — -And : I / understand that
you prefer , charges; against. this man.
.Grocer- — No, your worship;
cash, and that's', what I ' brought 'him
here'for.— London Tit-Bits. ' *?
SB. PIEE-CE'S REMEDIES.
- r~~~ •"^r'^^^ > * ' ' Ma °y a child
has been fooled
C* «r-y'j^// f^ e P 01 °^ K 0^. -which
'iM// i* to be found jnst at
«^f /.' bow, and has started
out to gather riches
/&iBB5s± A u11 of dreams.
lv&£<%tf*\ Ian y a man an< i
(wSESlS^firaj woman have been de-
Xz^^fgkgg ceived by tbe tale that
there was health to be
"v-S-vg^'ljg*^. found out beyond the
*— £&sigf> sunset, and they have
started out dreaming
, iSf* of * healthful future,
" ¦ never to be realized.
People who have tried change of cli-
mate in vain for the cure of weak lungs
have- been perfectly and permanently
cured byXhe use of. Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery. It cures deep-seated
conghs, bronchitis, bleeding lungs, ema-
ciation, and other conditions which, if
neglected jor unskilfully treated, find a
fatal end. in consumption. : v ;
"Last eprfng I had a ne vere attaefc of pneu-
monia which left me wiUi a very bad cotigh,
and also left my.lunpt in a very bad condition "
writes John M.'Ru*k11. Esq.. of Brent, Cherokee
Nat.. Ind. Ty. «,I hsd no apprtite and was so
weak I could *carcely wait. My breast was all
. sore with running sores. I got two bottles of Dr.
Pierre's Golden Medical Discovery, which I be-
liexx saved my life. I cannot express my gratU
tude to you. 1 aa able now to do very cood
work." T
Any substitute offered as * just as good"
ss "Golden Medical Discovery" is a
shadow of, that medicine. There are
cures behind every claim .made for the
w Discovery," which no "just as good"
medicine can show.
The People's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, a book containing 1008 pages,
is given away. Send 21 one-cent stamps,
for. expense of mailing only, for,the book
in paper covers, or 31 stamps for the vol-
ume bound in cloth. Address Dr. R. V.'
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
"iiinwsfi tm isii>ii nisssii in si sii ft 1 ¦ /JlBiiTTTllWysTTssn^wasssss»raHsss1sss»
ADVZBTI3EMEHT8.
ELECTRO-CHEMISTRY CURES
Catarrh,
Consumption,
Asthma,
Bronchitis.
. Electro-ChemUtry is the only known
treatment that does cure these serious
diseases. It cures simply because of its
constitutional effect upon the patient and
"because it destroys the srerms of tJie««
diseases which are In the blood by sat-
urating- the blood with oxysren. .All suf-
ferers are cordially Invited to call upon
us for a free examination and trial treat-
ment. We make this most liberal offer
simply to demonstrate to sufferers why
and how Zlectro-Chemistry cures cases
which, are incurable under any ct>'*
method of treatment.
aSv^Ac-'j?S-??'X £^:'-' t!?jjJBJR^y^*TK< feiv! A<?---^BS^^^^y' y ¦ ¦"¦'¦¦"*" jS(Ik9S "•'"¦¦ -" ¦ : ¦¦ r
Edwin and Arthur Peterson, sons of
Mr. Geo. Peterson, the well-known shoe
merchant of 2162 Shattuck Ave., Berke-
ley. These fine little boys were promptly
cured of a su-ious catarrhal trouble that
affecte^fc^iead, throat and chest. Chil-
dren hi^^^fear of the Electro-Chemlc
treatment, because it is pleasant and
painless.
CONSULTATION w-* w-^ »-^ w-^
and H Ic H H
EXA3IIXATION . * * V *-rf 1-^
Specialties — Consumption, ' Catarrh,
Bronchitis, Asthma, Cancers, '¦¦:. Tontors,
Deafness, Head and Ear Noises. Kheu-
matiszn. Paralysis, Heuraljria, Piles, Dis-
eases of the Stomach, Liver, Kidneys aal
Bowels, Special 'Diseases of ¦ Ken and
Women. All Chronic Diseases.
HOME TREATMENT— If you lire 'at' a* dis-
tance, try to come for a personal examination.
If you. can't -come, write for Instructions for
home examination and treatment.'; ; ¦ "
elegtro-chemTc institute
118 GEANT AVE.. Cor. 1 POSt.\ --,«
'¦;',' SAK PBANCISOO. ¦¦•'•/>
; Office hours — 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 8
p. m. daily. SUnCay*. 10 a. m. to I p. mi;;\- : -i
Separate apartmtnti for ladles and gentlemen.
Best -$1.00 Knife
- EVISS MADB, ,
- Has ¦ two or' tnree " blades.' Kach . blade
• perfectly tempered.* Strong, ; durable and'
detx-ndable. * Suitable for pocket uses. • - ;
BRING YOUR OLD RAZOR., and ex-
chanse It for a new one." I allow a liberal,
discount, as I am " making a collection of i
: old razors. • > •.--,. ¦¦-,,---
.SCISSORS as low as 25c. RAZOR"
STROPS. 25c u?. Two bar*. WlluamsT
10c Shaving Soap 15c. - -
-..Mall orders promptly , filled. , . '.
IVVCAROS^ -OUf
COftStCl STVLCi AND 5I2E.S ALSO '
THAT MAN PITTS
f .1008 Market Street «A«^.< „
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
To Build Robust Health
start at the foundation of life and health. Assist yotir
' organs to do their work properly. Food and drink cannot
jhourish if your liver is not working right. Dyspepsia and
Indigestion follow if your digestive organs are. out of
order. Constipation cannot exist if your bowels are free.*;
A short course of* Beecham's Pills will soon put^you right
and an occasional one will keep you so. . /' _ ,'' .
B EEC HAM'S FILLS
; will dTo more to build up robust health and maintain it than
any other medicine. They have -done this, and are con-
f start now and itake BEECH AH' Sr PILLS bccasibnally -you :
: : will certainly benefit to a' remarkable degree.
Sold jEve rywhere In Boxes, 10c. and 25c.Say Lease" Was. Violated.
The characteristic feature of the au
tomobile train invented in France is
the principle that each car propels it
self; the propelling fdrce only is fur
nished . by the locomotive. The latter,
therefore, '¦ as it. has no pulling to per
form, but only, to supply power, can be
built proportionately very light.
William M. Bunker, the Washington,
D. C, representative of the Chamber of
Commerce, has sent word to this city
that ; the first contract connected with
the construction work of . the new San
Francisco Custom-house has >. been
awarded. It is a small job, worth only
a few hundred dollars, and will. consist
merely in determining the foundation
facilities of the lot. It means that the
Government officials are ready to push
the work, however.
First Contract Is Awarded.
Doing cures doubting
Discussing. the system, one of the offi
cials of the road said yesterday that
the block . system insures .' as as
possible absolute safety' in /the opera
tion !of.. trains, and when it has been
installed over . the entire \ length of
main lines'danger of collisions will have
been - eliminated, provided, of course,
that theengineers follow out ;: their • in
structions. The main' duty of train dis
patcher^ will then be confined^ to tele
graphing orders i giving trains j the right
to pass others at certain points or clear
ing^ the .way 'for faster trains. :
/Warren Holton; son of the well
known ticket" auditor ~ * the , Southern
Pacific Company; arrived here yester
day * i rorn . Cincinnati, with; his (bride of
a few weeks.-- Holton' was recently ap
pointed- ¦ travel ing •passenger agent of
the' Piedmont Air Line and comes west
to accept -his new; position.
The Southern Pacific Company has
arranged its plans for ; the Installation
\)t 250 miles; of the electric block'sys
tem ; along ' its line's" this year and con
templates ' adding a similar number, of
miles next year.. . , ":'X ¦-¦'¦ \ . .
J. C. Stubbs, traffic director of the
Harriman. lines, departed last evening
for Bakersfield, where he purposes to
make his first inspection of the Cali
fornia oil industry, in which the South
ern Pacific Company is rapidly becom
ing largely interested. From there Mr.
Stubbs expects to go direct to Chicago,
unless his plans are altered by Presi
dent E. H. Harriman, who is now on
his way over the Western lines of the
big syndicate of, which he is the head.
It was arranged several days ago that
E. O. McCormick, assistant' traffic di
rector of . the Harriman lines, should
accompany his superior to Chicago, but
it was announced yesterday that VMr.
McCormick would remain here until
next Thursday. y
- The statement was given out yester
day, at the Southern Pacific Company's,
offices that George L. King, who has
been stenographer ta General Manager
Kruttschnitt, is.to.be made chief clerk
to : the -new general ¦ manager of the
Pacific system of the company and will
assume the -work, heretofore performed
by -W. -A. Worthington, secretary -to
Mr. Kruttschnitt. That King does not
inherit the title of secretary, under
which Worthington has been desig
nated, /was explained yesterday , by the
statement that .the position of general
manager of the system, is no longer
an executive one and therefore the title
of "chief clerk", has been decreed the
most fitting for the" head operating offi
cial's assistant, i, * - : ,
The physicians that volunteered for
the work were each assigned a school
which they will visit from time to
time and note the health of the chil
dren. The teachers and principals
greatly facilitated the work by segre
gating the children that showed any
signs of Illness and submitting them
first for examination. Nothing of a
serious nature was unearthed by the
examination, but several cases of
mumps, a disease highly contagious
among children, were found In a mild
state. It is the belief of the doctors
that parents unwittingly send their
offspring to school when medical at
tention is imperative.
There are eighty schools to be visited
and but sixty, physicians to do the
work, so it will be several weeks be
fore every school child Is' passed. The
offices of the ( Health Department were
besieged by "parents and the telephone
lines were working overtime yesterday
on account of the children sent home.
It was explained to the fond parents
that the suspension was only tempo
rary, and that when the 'child had
fully recovered and a . certificate was
presented It could again take up Us
studies.
One of the most commendable inno
vations of the present Board, of Health
and one that Is certain to meet with
popular approbation was instituted
yesterday morning when sixty
volunteer physicians visited the var
ious schools to which they had been
assigned and made a careful exami
nation of all school children.
As a result many were found to be
suffering from mild attacks of dis
eases infectious in their nature, and to
avoid all possibility of the spread of
any contagion, the affllcled children
were ordered to their homes. The
health authorities make it mandatory
upon the parents to provide medical at
tention, and no child will be allowed
to return to school without a medical
certificate properly filled out by a
reputabVe practitioner, certifying that
a cure has been effected. .
Traffic Director Stubbs to
Visit Bakersfield \ In
formation for Harrimau
Commendable Innovation of
Board of Health Is In
stituted in the Schools
Nicholas von Rubles, 1239 Franklin
street, and Miss. Lilly Baker, saloon
keeper, 533 Pacific street, called at the
Bond and Warrant Clerk's office yes
terday afternoon. - He is a thin, little
man and she a tall, buxom woman.
Von Rubles said that Miss Baker
had agreed to marry him on her next
birthday and in view of that promise
he had on February 23 given her
51100, with the understanding that she
would invest the money in a saloon,
which would be their joint property
after marriage.
Miss Baker bought the saloon and
procured the license in her own name.
She'also bought a piano on the install
ment plan' and 'other articles. When
Von Rubles asked her to marry him
she laughed at him and told him she
had been just playing him for "a
sucker" and would not have anything
to do with him.
That was his side of the story, but
Miss Baker denied that she had ever
promised to marry him. This anger
ed Von Rubles and he swore to a com
plaint before Police Judge Fritz charg
ing her with obtaining money by false
pretenses. She was taken to the City
Prison and booked on the charge.
Lands Miss Baker
in Jail.
Failure to Marry Nicholas von Rubles
INVOKES CRIMINAL CAW
f AGAINST HIS FIANCEE
DOCTORS BEGIN
THEIR VISITS
WILL INSPECT
OIL INDUSTRY
"Of course," .said : the Judge, "it Is
not necessary for her counsel to be here
at the preliminary -, but
I don't like to go on unless she.is rep
resented'. by counsel.; : Do you: want
counsel?" he asked. the defendant.
"I only, want the protection of the
ctrtirt," she replied.
"Well, , you -are entitled to counsel,":
said the ; Judge*, "and ; if ; your '- own is
not here I shall . appoint one for. you;
I shall continue 'the .case r- till ¦ to-mor
row, morning; for, arraignment."
The defendant was led ; out. of the
courtroom by ¦ Deputy, Sheriffs' Johnston
arid WelshVnd driven back" to the jail. T
Dr. ''- Beatrice'^ Hiskleca.lled ;at , the
Branch Courity_ yail f on ; Sunday and
after' making ;a I professional^examina-;
tion* : of Mrs; " Botkin ?¦ that
there "was nothing ] physically^ wrong
with her and that she. was sh'amn^ing. v.
"Well," said the Judge, "1 will. pu«
the case= over till Wednesday for ar
raignment." ¦•¦' y£'u}.£-
District Attorney Byington had - en
tered the courtroom,. and he asked why
the defendant; could not be arraigned.
One of her attorneys could be sent for
and the case if necessary continued till
the afternoon.
The Judge said he would instruct
her as to her rights, and he accord
ingly proceeded to. do, so.
"It. is our desire > to proceed as soon
as possible," said Assistant District At
torney .Weller. "The witnesses from
Delaware "are anxious to return to their
hc-mes, but of course the defendant Is
entitled to a reasonable continuance." -
There was an entire absence of the
crowds of morbid people, men and wo
men, who fought for entrance daily to
Judge Cook's courtroom. The court
room was not nearly filled and there
was only one woman who had purpose
ly called to see the 'defendant.'
Bailiff Laws handed the , defendant a
glass of lcewater as she took her seat,
and the Judge at once called the. case.
Addressing the defendant, he asked:
"Do you have an 'attorney present?'.'
She rose slowly to her reet and In a
tremulous ¦ voice replied: "I ; have to
state that I have been taken .from" n:y
bed to come here. I have seen 'no .'one.
since Saturday. Mr. Knight "is ¦ out of
the city and my other attorney is In
bed.^ '">:"• j
Mrs. Cordelia Botkin was the picture
of abject misery as she sat in Police
Judge Conlan's court yesterday morn
ing to ¦ be arraigned on the charge of
murder in causing the death of Mrs-
Ida Henrietta Deane at Dover, Del.,
on August" 11, 1898, by sending a box
of poisoned candy to Mrs. Elizabeth
Dunning, Mrs. Dcane's sister.
She was brought from the Branch
County Jail by Deputy Sheriff Frank
Johnston, but nc-t until- Sheriff Curtis
had insisted upon an order being pre
sented to him from the District At
torney ¦ for her appearance in court.
Johnston, as they entered the court
room, had hold of her arm and she
seemed to lean heavily upon him. She
was placed on a chair at the attorneys'
table and she rested her eibow on the
table and put her hand against her
forehead. Mrs. Robarts, her sister, who
was her faithful companion during the
trial in Judge Cook's court, was ab
sent, and neither of her attorneys was
present. She seemed as If she had not
one friend on earth. : *N.
SCENE IN rOLICE JUDGE' CON LAN'S COURTROOM YESTERDAY WHEN MRS. CORDELIA 'BOTKIN WAS' BROUGHT IN
FROM THE BRANCH •COUNTY JAIL TO-BE ARRAIGXED ON THE CHARGE OK HAVING COMMITTED MURDER BY
CAUSING THE DEATH OK MRS. IDA DEANE. . . — - . - . -' »
The canteen at the California Sol
diers' Home which Bell proposes to
abolish has supported the band, cost
ing 1300 a month; it has also provided
$50 a month for books, newspapers
and periodicals: $125 a month for the
atrical entertainments, and has es
tablished and maintained pool and bil
liard tables, bowling alleys and shuf
fle boards. If the canteen goes the
band and amusements will have to
be cut out. The Legislature in - its
generosity may. hereafter allow -a sum
sufficient to maintain the band.
Delegates to the Department En
campment were amazed when they
were informed that no member of the
California delegation uttered a word
of remonstrance when Congressmen
from other States defamed California
on the strength of Bell's statement.
The Congressional Record now &t
hand shows that less than one hun
dred members of the House voted on
Bell's amendment. It is obvious that
Congressmen Metcalf. Needham, Dan
iels, McLachlan and Gillette were not
present.
A message similar to the one ad
dressed to Senator Dick was sent to
Senator Fairbanks.
Hon. George C. Perkins. United States gen
ate. Washington. D. C. : The Department En
campment Grand Army of the Republic. In ses
sion here, by overwhelming vote Indorsed Vet
erans' Home board In opposition to attack of
Congressman Bell and we aak. In justice to
the Union veterans of California, that you
aid In striking out Bell amendment.
JOHN H. ROBERTS.
Assistant Adjutant General.
'?.'.'¦' Los Angeles. Cal.. April ?. 1904.
Hon. Charles Dick. Senate Chamber, Wash
ington. D. C. : I have forwarded over the.sitr
nature of the assistant adjutant general of this
department. G. A. R.. resolution which passed
in encampment this day. 1 ask that you sup
port the California reoresentatlves to defeat
Infamous slander passed upon veterans of Civil
war by Congressman Bell, who now misrepre
sents a portion of the loyal people of California.
-j GEORGE STONE.
FAIRBANKS INFORMED. >''•
Resolved, That this encampment believes that
It would be unwise to abolish the canteen con
ducted at the Soldiers' Home and we appror*
of the report of the said board of director*
and arguments made In its letter, whfth. In
the judgment of. this encampment, is satisfac
tory evidence of the necessity of canteens In
soldiers' homes, when properly guarded b7
wise rules and regulation**, such as evidently
control the canteen at the Veterans" Home at
Tountville.
Other telegrams as follows were sent:
Los Angeles. April S, 19<H-
The following resolutions .adopted by
the encampment were transmitted by
wire to the California delegation:
Resolved, By the Department of California
and Nevada, O. A. R., that the report sub
mitted by the Directors of the Veterans'- Homo
of California exhibits a gratifying condition
of affairs In its conduct and management, and
this encampment hereby approves of «ald min
a«5em*nt by said board of directors, believing
that Its management reflect* credit upon thi»
encampment, upon the country, upon the State
of California, and that the unselfish devotion
exhibited by said directors hereby mest» with
our sincere, and hearty thanks.
DELEGATION* NOTIFIED.
The encampment at Los Angelw
wired the truth to the California dele
gation, showing that $21,000 of pension
money was : "deposlted during the last
tnree months, and of that amount $19.
600 was paid back in cash to members
of the home and their dependent rela
tives.
Pointed reference was made to Bell's
statement that the home in his dis
trict took the pensions of the veterans
and gave them canteen checks in re
turn. This statement, it appears, ex
*clted great Indignation in the House
of Representatives and, in fact,
prompted the Congressmen to support
the Bell amendment. .
Union veterans of the Civil War in
the recent Grand Army encampment
at Los Angeles freely expressed their
opinion of Congressman Bell of the
Second District. In committee of the
whole. House of Representatives. Bell
secured an amendment to the sundry
appropriation bill providing that no
Federal allowance should be appor
tioned to any State Home that main
tained a canteen. In the encampment
the charge was distinctly uttered that
the amendment was made in the in
terest of saloonkeepers adjacent to the
home in the Napa Valley.
After Matron Tierney had succeed
ed in quieting her, she told her own
sad story. Her husband had deserted
her a year ago, she said, and she and
her two babies were left to fight life's
battle alone. Her father. 68 years old,
cared for her and the little ones, for
they, were both alone in the world, her
mother having died some years be
fore. vl\4
"I have not a dollar," she said, "and
I don't know where to look for assist
ance to bury my poor father. Oh, this
is too cruel. When he left the house
on Sunday morning he said he was
going to take a ride in the cars. He
kissed the baby good-by, but he didn't
look me In the face."
Koons engaged a room in the Han
cock House at half past 8 o'clock last
Sunday night, and when the clerk
asked his name, he replied: "Oh, put
me down as Smith or Brown; any old
name will do." When he was found
the next day one end of a rubber tube
was in his mouth and the other was
attached to the gas burner, the valve
of which was open. The keyhole and
the space under the door had been
stuffed with paper to prevent the es
cape of gas.
Koons sold his wood and' coal busi
ness, at 847 Mission street last Friday
to avoid" the importunities of credit
ors. Th-jn he deliberately killed him
self, forgetting the daughter and the
grandchildren that were dependent
upon him. . .
Koons has a brother, a minister of
the gospel, at Laporte, Iowa.
"He was my only support," she said.
"I had only him to look up to with
my two little children on my hands,
and If anything should happen to him
I don't know what would become of
us.", t'-V" -
Deputy (Coroner McCormlck knew
that while the poor woman was speak
ing the dead body of E. B." Koons lay
on a slab downstairs in the morgue.
The aged father, of the lonely little
woman had taken his own life on the
preceding evening by inhaling illumi
nating gas through a rubber tube in
a lodging-house at 781 Mission street.
Somebody had to tell the weeping lit
tle woman that her father, wearied of
life's struggle, had died a suicide, and
Mr. McCormick broke the unwelcome
news as gently as possible. For five
minutes the morgue building echoed
with the wails of the afflicted daugh
ter. > ;-Vv,t: V: :
Mrs. Clarke of 51 Hoff avenue called
at the Coroner's office yesterday'after
noon to report that her father,
Ephralm B. Koons, had been away
from home all night, and she feared
that some evil might have befallen
him. - : >V:- : - : \-- ;:
The evangelist reviewed his first
day's labor in connection with the six
teen churches of the Mission, which
united for the purpose of the evan
gelistic work. He told of the very
large assemblages of worshipers at
each of the services of the day and
of the more than forty persons on Sun
day who expressed their desire to be
ccme active Christians.
CANDIDATES FOR CONFERENCE.
At the same meeting the following
candidates for the episcopacy, to be
elected at the coming session of the
General Conference in Los Angeles,
T\ere mentioned as prominently spoken
of throughout the East: Dr. E. T.
Taylor, missionary secretary in New
England; Dr. J. R. Berry, editor of the
Epworth Herald; Dr. Day, president of
Syracuse University; Dr. Bashford.
president of Ohio Wesleyan University;
Dr. W. F. McDowell, secretary board
of education: Dr. Charles Mitchell of
Cleveland. Ohio; Dr. Leonard, mission
ary secretary; Dr. G. F. Bovard of Los
Angeles. Dr. Jennings or Chicago, Dr.
Henry Spellmeyer of Newark, N. J.,
and many prominent men in New York.
"Divine Dispensation" was the sub
ject of an address by Rev. Dr. F. H.
Marr before the Congregational min
isters' meeting. Rev. William Rader
presided.
Members of the Christian Church
Ministers' Association met yesterday
afternoon in the Y. M. C. A. building.
The matter of the attendance of all
the churches at the opening of the new
West Side OKristian Church building
the first Sunday in May on the invita
tion of Dr. W. M. White was discussed.
In sneaking of the heroism of the
ministers. Dr. Vosburgh believed that in
the near future the clergy will have
as great an influence as it ever had in
the past.
Hugh E. Smith, the evangelist, who
is conducting a series of union evan
gelical meetings at Grace Methodist
Episcopal Church, corner of Twenty
first and Capp streets, also addressed
the Methodist ministers.
The fifth problem, said the doctor,
is the great social movement culminat
ing in the fact that there are 2,000,009
wage earners in the unions in this
country who are not in the church. They
are skeptical and feel that the church
cares little for them.
The Rev. Dr. Vosburgh of the First
Baptist Church, Oakland, addressed
the Methodist Ministers* Association at
Epworth Hall yesterday morning, his
subject being "Ministers in Modern
Life."
The problems advanced by Dr. Vos
burgh were: First, lukewarmness of
the church itself; second, the modern
power of education, which is not al
ways favorable to Christianity; third,
attitude of the higher criticism, which
the doctor himself did uot fear, but as
serted that it did frighten more people
and manifestly presents some difficul
ties; fourth, modern science, which,
the speaker said, is rather material
istic. He said that it has been so far
misunderstood by many ministers, and
Is supposed to present greater difficul
ties than it really does. .'..*-¦'
DR. VOSBURdH'S PROBLEMS
The Rev. Moses Bercovltz said that
from his experience infidels gladly re
ceive the doctrine { of "conditional im
mortality." He, himself, sustained the
doctrine of eternal punishment.
Dr. J. S. McDonald wished that the
same argument of immortality could
be used against the devil. If they
could get him out of the world, it
would be an advantage.
Dr. Guy W. Wads worth, president of
the Occidental College, said that "man
in his present fallen condition cannot
see the justice of eternal conscious suf
fering as a punishment for sin."
The doctor said that the question is.
Is man an impartial judge of the proper
penalties for his own sins? He asked
whether a convention composed of
criminals could be relied upon to fix
proper penalties for their crimes. He
said that sin might deserve a worse
punishment than sinners thought.
Dr. Toll spoke of Mrs. Botkin and the
unceasing fire of expression that has
followed her with the determination
that for her sin she should be banish
ed from society, and in the eyes of the
law she is dead.
The Rev. Mr. Sitton. the Rev. Mr.
Herriott and the Rev. James Wood
worth joined in the discussion.
The doctor asked his audience to look
at the records of the police courts,
where they would find both men»and
women brutes.
REFERS TO POLICE RECORDS.
Dr. William Alexander did not be
lieve in any condition of unconscious
immortality. He said that if man is
taught that death is annihilation he
will live like a brute and die like a
brute, or worse.
• Dr. H. W. Fraser's address before
the Presbyterian Ministers' Association
at the Presbyterian Mission House
yesterday morning on "Conditional
Immortality" was the occasion for in
teresting arguments.
\ Dr. Fraser held that since "The Fall"
! man is not, naturally, immortal. He
| receives his 'immortality through Je
j sus Christ. The possession of this life
j which he receives means immortality
| and its absence means death, extinc
tion of being.
Dr. Fraser said that "conditional
immortality" does not mean that there
i Is no future world. It emphasizes the
! truth that there is a heaven to win
! and a hell to shun. They who profess
i this doctrine do not believe that exter
1 nal punishment means eternal con
i sciousness.
The Rev. Mr. Bevier said it was not
; good for the race to minimize the idea*
j of suffering, and he considered the
j whip of fear was beneficial.
There will be an auction of a big
lot of "Uncle Sam's condemned goods
at the Tenth Infantry cantonment at
the Presidio April IS. at 9 a. m..
The court martial appointed to try
Lieutenant Frederick B. Neilson for
conduct unbecoming an ofScer and a
gentleman will be convened to-morrow
at 2 o'clock in the library' building at
the Presidio.
The two companies of the Eleventh
Infantry thaty are now in the Model
« 'ami"' under command of Captain Zeb
¦jJon B. Vance will go to the Tennes
see Camp, which the Philippine scouts
win vacate to-day.
The second battalion of the Tenth
Infantry, composed of Companies E. F.
G and H, under command of Major
Henry B. Mhoon, left yesterday for
rifle practice in the new range back of
Point Bonita.
h ; o rn Thursday. April 14. will go into
th«- Model Camo at Presidio while
p. waiting: arrangements to transport it
t<> its eastern post.
The Eleventh Cavalry, due to arrive
Thomas Nelson Page. the well
known author, who has been winter
i!:g in Southern California, paid his
respects to General MacArthur yester
day afternoon.
ELEVENTH CAVALRY DUE.
The target season of the cavalry for
cr rbine practice will begin at Fort
Baker Aujrust -- and continue until
September 10. During this practice one
half of the troop will go to Fort Baker
at a time, leaving the other half at
th»- Presidio to take care of the horses,
as all the practice at Fort Baker will
bv dismounted.
Major Bicelow, who ha? been ap
ji« :ntcd actins: superintendent of the
Yosemlte National Park, expects to
lecve Ord Barracks for that place early
In May. He will have in his command
tv.i, troops of the First Squadron of
thr Ninth Cavalry. His detail is for
fix months. ,
Major Carrinpton and his battalion
«•! Iliilinpine scout?, which has been
• •MOiimped at the Presidio for the past
thr«"-e weeks awaiting: the completion
«>f its quarters at St. iLouis. will leave
for that city to-day on a special train.
As Major Blffelow will leave next
week for Ord Barracks to-morrow will
be the last opportunity to see the col
ored troopers drill under his command
For this farewell occasion he has pre
pared an extensive problem exercise,
¦which will be of unusual Interest The
territory to be covered by the maneu
vers will extend from the Broadway
entrance way across the golf links, out
beyond the Marine Hospital almost to
the ocean. Following is the outline of
the exercise:
A brown lore* *s advancing «f ainrt the Pr«
•1<!io from the Hast. The Presidio is g*r
nscned by a blue force. Two troops of the
b^-own caxalry are ordered to enter the Broad
way e«te and. proceeding westward, to rw
ronnoiter the Wall road to the Klrst svrnue
tatt\ the solf road, thi- Marine Hospital road
to McLkywrll svtnup arvi McDowell avenue to
Kob <juarr>. troops of the blue cavalry
are ordered to start from Rob qiArry and, pro
ceeding eastward to the Broadway (rate, clear
the before mentioned route of any hostile force
Ji may eiv-ountor. The troops ol both Fides
• re »upi>osed to be out of carbine ammunition.
*r> all the flghiinc will be with pistol and
•hber. •»
Major Bijrelow's immediate successor
will be Captain Lester W. Cornish.
The new pistol target track for the
use of the cavalry 5s now nearly com
pleted near Fort Slaughter.
TARGET S11\SOX XEARS.
Veterans Amazed That No
Member of California Dele
gation Defended the State
Wood- and Coal Dealer Bids
Farewell to His Relatives
and Ends His Existence
Dr. Tull Says That the Fire
of Wrath Has Followed
Her With Determination
Major Carrington and His
Battalion of Filipinos Will
Make Start for St. Louis
CANTEEN MANAGEMENT
FAMILY- IS DESTITUTE
MRS.BOTKIX AS EXAMPLE
SCOUTS GO EAST TO-DAY
His Daughter Inquires for
Him at the' Morgue and
Discovers His Dead Body
Rev. Mr. Bevier Gives Voice
to Orthodox Reasoning at
a Gathering of Ministers
Police Judge Conlan on the Charge, of Murder in Causing
the Death of Mrs. Ida Henrietta Deane, Mrs. Dunning's Sister
Has No Counsel to ¦¦•Represent -•¦Her on Her- Arraignment Before
Grand Army Encampment
Resents the Assault Made
by Representative Bell
3iajor Bigelow Arranges
Problem Drill Prior to De
imrture for Ord Barracks
DEBTS PROVOKE
KOONS' SUICIDE
WHIP OF FEAR
IS BENEFICIAL
FACTS WIRED
TO WASHINGTON
TROOPERS WILL
USE REVOLVERS
MRS. CORDELIA BOTKIN LOOKS PICTURE
OF MISERY AS SHE SITS IN COURT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; vllUESDAY, -APRIL --12./ 190^
The Government" has already taken
one-fourth of all the land in Oregon
&nd turned It into a forest reservation.
The : death plant of ; Java [ has ' flowers
which 'continually giveVbff; a
so -powerful, as to ¦ overcome, \ if ; inhaled
fbr^any^length of jtime, , a ; full grown
man, • and which > kills j all ¦¦ forms i of in
sect life, that come", under its influence.
Henrietta C. Knight sued the White
law Wrecking; Company yesterday ; for
$150 rent for the premises at the corner
cf Folsom and Spear streets occupied
by the concern. It is: alleged in, the
complaint that the defendant corpora
tion'has'not paid rent for,, the present
month.
Sues Corporation for. Kent.
Lew Kan and Lew Hing sued the
Balfour-Guthrie Investment Company
yesterday for $4765 damages for an al
leged breach of a . lease "executed a
year ago. The plaintiffs charge that
though the defendant leased to them
for a period of a year* a ranch in So
noma County it evicted them on March
15 before the* term had expired.
5
_V APVEBTISKIffTlNTS. ¦ • '_'_'___
1 - ¦ ¦ V
iiliililii^^iiii
For your wife is a much better, legacy than in active business which the must trott
others to conduct; or in estate ' which bad - investments may soon wipe eat. •
• . ' :.'. PHILADEtyHTA, PA., Jn« *S, 1903.
Tbw. MrmjAi, Lx»H JttBVKAUCK Comtaky ofJJbw ¥O*i.
Dear Sirs— I am in receipt of check for the first payment ia settlement ef
policy No. 6&>j&9, on the continuous instalment plan, which was issued to Mr.
Morse (Henry G. Morse, President New York Snip Building Co.) through ycro
in March,' 1895. . Of course what I particularly like about this contract Is that
no matter how long I IItc there will be paid me on the ajtb day of June
. each year $1,500. , • •--.' " ."
Believing that no investment In Mr. Morse's estate guarantees neb a rare
¦ Income as this policy,' I take great pleasure in giving it taj unqualified
endorsement. " .Very truly yours, Mast K. Mouse.
This : Company has returned to policy-fioldera.over
62O Million Dollars
, Write for sample policy. t ' . BSBSSfi
"* MUTUAL UfE
INSURANCE COMPANY OF ,
~- NEW YO R K *
AMks RICHARD A. MoCURDY. Preildent Wortt
STANLX FORBES, Mknager, Sa^ Francisco, Cil
ADVEBTisEanarrs. j
19 Miss Gannon, Sec'y Detroit V
Amateur Art Association, tells
young women wbat to do to
avoid pain and suffering caused
by female troubles.
: " Dear Mes. PnrKrLlM : — I can con-
scientiously recommend L.ydia EL
n*inkhani*s Vegetable Compound
Ho those of my sisters suffering with
fetnzlc weakness and the troubles
(which bo often befall women. I suf-
fered for months with general weak-
ness, and felt so weary thct I had hard
.work to keep up. I h~d shooting pains,
end was utterly miserable. In my dis-
ircss I was advised to use Ljdia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
j)o»?nd, and it was a red letter day to
tne when I took the first dose, for at
that time my restoration began. In
cix weeks I was a changed woman,
perfectly well in every respect. I felt
t,o elated and happy that I want all
Vromcn who suffer to get well as I did."
I— iliss GciLA. Gxysox, 339 Jones St.,
Detroit, Mich., Secretary Amateur Art
'Association. —S5C00 forfeit If ordinal ef eboc*
tetter proving genuineness cannot be produced.
! When one considers that Miss
Gannon's letter is only one of the
countless hundreds "which ire
are continually publishing in the news-
papers of this country, the great virtus
of Mrs. Pinkhsm's medicine must be
s&aitted bj &!L;. OAKLAND, April. 1X.—X. 3. Steel,
who passed _many, ; worthless' checks In
Oakland, was \ held : to-day for trial in
the Superior \ Court [on" a third; charge
lodged - by ,i M. . : Isaacs,', a \i_ Broadway
clothier. Landlord ; Kurz of the Hotel
Merritt cashed a /check ; for. Steel,* who
represented I himself as %the advance
agent ot [the Anna Held 'company, :
Check Passer in Trouble.
• OAKLAND, April 11.— The -follow
ing marriage lice'iises were "issued --by
the^ County Clerk , to-day : ' B; Lincoln
Towng, 26, Oakland, and Amelia Tell,
over 18. San Francisco;: Horace *W. At
kins, 29, and Wilhelmina Steinkoenig,
21, both of San Francisco ; " Jesse Trax
ler, 27, and Jeanette . Halstead, 21,
both of Oakland ; Albert S. Briggs, 30,
and I Clara L. Field^ 2 V; both ". of I San
Jose; = Joaquin ; Roderick,*-- 27/;; Uver
.more, and Getara Silver,' 16, 'Alameda;
Marringe Licenses.
Arraignment Postponed.
OAKLAND. April 11.— The arraign
ment of Edward Morton t# charged with
grand larceny," has been -put over for
a week. Recently -he said he would
defend himself. To-dsty he" asked for
an attorney. He once escaped ' a ten
year sentence from San Quentin on a
technicality and he thinks he can do
It again. • «,;-•:.
J. Gusfav White. Editor of the ~\iilr
California. Seeks Data on Im
portant Questions.
BERKELEY. Apr!' 11.— :j. Gustav
White, edilor of the Daily Californian.
the students' publication at the Uni
versity of California, has written nine
ty-five letters to fraternity men in the
university In an endeavor to secure
data on the advantages or disadvant
r: of fraternity life. Here are the
questions he asks:
"What, in your opinion, are the
dangers or disadvantages of frater
nity life? Do you consider 'house club'
fraternities an improvement over 'liv
ing in dormitories? From your ob
servance what kind of men do frater
nities rush ? For what qualification
do they look? At what time in your
college career would you advise men
to join a fraternity? Are you 'in fa
vor of an agreement among fraterni
ties to refrain from rushing a man
until his sophomore year? Does fra
ternity life make men exclusive and
narrow? What do you think of the
Influence of fraternities In college pol
itics? Have you noticed any tendency
of fraternity men to Jive beyond their
means? What benefits come to a fra
ternity man after, graduation?" .
Editor White is not a fraternity
man himself, but he feels himself
qualified to precipitate a discussion of
ASKS UNIVERSITY MEN
ABOUT FRATERNITY LIFE
After being picked ,up Wever was
carried into the Sisters of Providence
Hospital and treated ; by Dr. E.* N.
Ewer and Dr. T. P. Tisdale;This even
ing he was brought to his home here.
ALAMEDA, April 1L — C. H. Wever
of this city, past grand "patriarch of
the encampment of Odd Fellows of
California, was knocked from an elec
tric car on New Broadway,: near Web
ster street, in Oakland to-day and seri
ously injured. His left kneecap was
badly fractured and his scalp was
stripped from the back of his skullfor
eight inches. He also sustained
numerous bruises.
Wever was going on the car out to
the Oakland Crematory to direct a
funeral. When near the junction of
Webster street and New Broadway he
leaned over from the car step to look
back to see if the funeral cortege was
coming. Wever did not notice a car
approaching in "the opposite direction
and he was hit by a hand" rail and
hurled between the cars.
OAKLAND, April li.—The Repub
lican County Committee this afternoon
issued a call for a primary election to
be held. May 3. outside of Oakland.
Alameda and Berkeley, to elect dele
gates to the State Convention, which
will choose delegates to the Repub
lican National Convention. The date
is the same as that fixed for the elec
tion In the cities. The Supervisors to
day appointed election officer* In ftfty
flve precincts.
Oioo«e«s Primary Date,
When Cohen called for his ticket
yesterday morning" Mosher's "wife' in
formed him * that \, her \ husband had
gone to" Oakland.' Then the grocer, be
came suspicious and sought police aid.
He says Mosher also owes him $42 for
groceries.' Detectives were detailedUo
locate the missing; man."
Mosher was handed the money by
Mrs. Cohen and he left> word that Co
hen could call for the ticket on Sat
urday. Cohen called, but Mosher put
him off until yesterday morning, ex
plaining that he had met with some
setbacks.
, Cohen' made arrangements with a
man named Mosher, who lives at the
corner of Bush and Franklin streets, to
procure. for him. a railroad tlckfit to
Xew York. Cohen had known Mosher
for several years, through Moshor'H
being his customer. Last week Cohen
informed Mosher that he wiia contem
plating a trip to New York. Mouher
volunteered to secure a scalper's.tick
et at a low rate, and $75Jwa B \he ¦ sum
agreed upon.
Friday Mosher called at Cohen'B
house^d told his little girl that her
father's ticket was "staked out," and
that • the money was needed.
Samuel Conn, a grocer at 1043 Fol
som street, reported t- the police last
night that he had been the victim of
a confidence man to the extent of
$117.
Past Grand Patriarch of Odd
Fellows of California Is
Seriously Hurt in Oakland
DESIRE TO SAVE MONEY
COSTS SAMUEL COHEN $75
BERKELBT. April 11.— A farmers' Insti
tute that will eclipse anything for «i«e and im
portance ever held In California will be con
vened at Sacramento on Friday and Saturday
of this week. It will be conducted under the
auspices of the Sacramento Valley Develop
ment Association, the Sacramento Grange and
the Sacramento Chamber of Commerce. The
agricultural department of the university will
¦end a large number ot its staff and other
prominent agriculturists will come from differ
ent parts of the State. One of the feature*
of the meeting will be open discussions of
eachj address delivered. President Wheeler will
deliver an address on the afternoon of Satur
day. The addresses will be on the follow
ing subjects : ' , .
"Co-operative Experimentation." Professor
C W Woodworth; "Organizing Agricultural
Education." Professor E. W. Hllgard; "The
Beet-Sugar Industry in California and Its Pos
sibilities in the Sacramento Valley," Pro
fessor O W. Shaw; "Vlticultural Problems
of the Sacramento Valley. "' Professor E. . II.
Dwight: "The Future of Animal Industry in
Northern California." Professor E. W. Major,
and the "Comparison of Irrigation in Italy
With the Possibilities of Irrigation in th*
Sacramento Valley," Professor Elwood Mead.
Samuel Stow, the big left guard of the var
sity football eleven and president of the Agri
cultural Club., trill address the Institute . on
"The Needs of ' the College of Agriculture,
From a Student's Standpoint." Professor E.
J. Wickson. superintendent of university ex
tension will preside, and Professor Warren T.
Clarke. ¦ his assistant, will take part.
At the last meeting of the Academic Coun
cil tt was voted that beginning . with the next
academic year th» | deana shall . issue no ex
cuses for absence on account of illness, unless
the student presents a certificate signed by one
of the medical examiners of the university.*
This system will make It poeslbl* for the gen
eral public health to be safeguarded, for con-»
taglous dlMUfiito b« detected. promptly and
tor the hygienic condition of the university to
be promoted./ " • -;-
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Teachers' Club Meets.
The Teachers' Club of San Fran*
Cisco met at the City Hall last even-*
ing and listened to an address by Pro-*
f essor Mann on "The Tenure of tha
Teacher in office." Harold Foreman,
the boy* soprano, entertained the as-,
semblage* -with several renditions,
among them "The Palms" and "Th<»
Message of the Violet." Miss Corlnng
Gyle also sang.
Frank Merritt. Charles and Orte Blome. Carl
and Theodore Will. Frank Trahan. Miss Piak
ney/ Mrs. Schwartz and Mrs. Trahan. *
A reception will be given at th« home •?
A. Jacobs. 1366 Harrison street, next Sun
day afternoon in honor of the engagement of
Miss Lena Jacobs and Ben Harlem, a toum
business man of Fresno.
Gustave A. Weisse, 30, Monterey, and
Emma I. Field, 24, Alamedaj Lee C.
Anderson, 23, San Francisco, and
Katherine B. Payne. 24, Oakland; Roy
S. Handy, 23, Angels Camp, and Jes
sie T. Palmer, 20, Oakland.
the Bubject on account of his affilia
tion with a university students' club,
which does not differ very widely from
the fraternity. He will publish some
of the data he receives.
CHARLES WEVER
BADLY INJURED
OAKLAND. April 11. — Cases of
scavenirers charged with violating the
garbage, crematory ordinance were dis
cussed to-day in both Police courts.
Attorney J. H. Creely. representing the
scavengers, filed a demurrer to the
complaints. Attorney L. S. Church
was associated with the prosecution,
representing the Pacific Incinerating
Company. The cases before Police
Judsre Smith were continued until
April IS and those before Police Judge
Samuels to April 15. The cases -will
be argued on briefs, the question being
the constitutionality of the ordinance.
Scavengrrs' Cases in Court.
OAKLAND, April 1L— William Dunn,
a plasterer, and William Davis, a la
borer, 73 years old, were burned to
death last night in the fire that swept
through half a block of rookeries at
Ninth and Franklin streets. The bodies
were recovered this morning from the
ruins. Both men, It is supposed, were
asleep in the Model lodging-house
when the flames swept through the
flimsy, ramshackle frame building, cut
ting them off from escape.
The bodies were dismembered by the
Intense heat. Their position showed
that the two victims had occupied
rooms in the rear of the lodging-house,
over the end of the Japanese club
rooms, in which the flre 1b supposed to
have started. So swiftly did the flre
eat through the wooden building that
the imprisoned men, It is believed, per
ished without a chance to escape.
Coroner Mehrmann took charge of
Search through the mass of debris
was commenced at daybreak by the po
lice, because it had been feared that
some fatalities might have resulted
among the occupants of the lodging
house. It was impossible last night
during the fire to account for the lodg
ers, for they were, in the main, tran
sients, and unknown even to the keep
er of the place, which was of the
cheapest order.
All that was left on the half block be
tween Eighth and Ninth streets, facing
the east side of Franklin, was the large
carriage factory of J. F. W. Sohst, at
the northeast corner of Eighth j and
Franklin, practically intact; the gutted
cottage adjoining on Franklin street,
that had been a Japanese lodging
house, and the ruined Chinese lodging
house on Ninth street, that marked the
the charred remains, which were iden
tified by some of the former compan
ions of the two men.
Revised estimates of property loss
foot $36,650, divided as follows: Timo
thy Donohue, Model lodging-house and
Savoy lodging-house buildings, $12,000;
John Avan, stable and two dwellings,
$5000; Dr. J. Ambrose Sander, furniture
and fittings in lodging-houses, $4500;
Chin Fook Company, $4500; Jeremiah
Wise, saloon, $3500; J. F. W. Sohst,
damage to t carriage factory building,
$1500; Conrad Goebel, carriage trimmer,
$1200; Alexander Hoensch, upholstery,
$S00; Miss Mary Keane,, cottage, $750;
A. S. Hanks, stable, $900; Ah Loy, mer
chant, $500; A. S. Scott, paints, $250; F\
H. Sniveley, harness maker, $250; A. S.
GIbbs, horseshoer, $500. '
ESTIMATES OF LOSS.
stopping place of the flames eastward.
Considering the character of the struc
tures and the temporary lack of water,
Fire Chief Ball accomplished a good
piece of work in checking a possibly
serious conflagration.
" Arrangements have been completed
for the entertainment to be given to
night at the Alhambra Theater unde?
the auspices of the Alumni Association
for the benefit of the science departs
ment of St. llary'a College. A pro*
gramme of unusual merit has been pre-<
pared. Judge Murasky will deliver at
short address on an interesting topic
Kolb and Dill and Barney Bernard, Iat3
of Fischer's, arrived in town yesterday,
having shortened their sojourn in thq
East in order to tell some of their dia-«
lect stories on this occasion. * Amors^
the other artists to appear are Mrs.
T. Ti Bonnett, Miss Sannie Kruger. tha
Tobin sisters, Jean Logan; Nate Land"-.
berger, Andrew Bogart, Slgnor Abram
off and A^artin O'Neil. Harry Jamsa
will be musical director. Tickets majff
be obtained at the rooms of the Cath
olic Truth Society in the Flood build*
ing. *
St. Mary's Entertainment.
i Miss Carrie Kitty Frahaa «nt«rtaine<J >
number of her friends at her honw U»t Sat
urday «venln« In honor or her sixteenth btrth.
day. ' rThoje • present ; wer« Miss Carrie Miller
of * San ; Francisco. MIsms « Ha*sl and ' Mahil
Gentry .^Emma and Mlnni» Blouw. s OUra» Md
Qertie WUL Mary .Rohan aad Jlmmli RtfJSS,
Miss Eleanor Warner, whose engagement to
Btuart Rawllngs vr&a recently announced, will
be the guest of • honor at - a tea which Miss
Jane Rawlincs has planned for ' to-morrow
The hours are 4 to 6-~ In the receiving partr
will be Mls» Mary Barker. Miss Mona Cr«lUn.
Mrs. . R. N. Fltacerald, Mrs. Thomas Pheby
Miss Georgie Strong. Mis« Marlon Smith Miss
Grace . Sperry. Mrs. J. H. Dicckm«nn. Mra. J p
H. Dunn, Mrs. Sam Bell -Wakeneld vi«
Ethel Parker. Miss Edith Selby. Miss EtheJ
Valentine. Mrs. Irving Lundbcrir, Misa Mar
garet Sinclair, Mrs. ¦ Robert Lea Stephenson.
Miss ; Florence Hush. Mrs. .AfeKaader- Warner
Miss Alysae Warner. Misa Violet Whitney and
Mrs." John Hampton Lynch. "
* The concert of the choral section at Ebell
Hatunluy night was the nrst large event given
by this section, which Is a comparatively new
department of the club. Their artistic ren
drrlnff of an excellent programme was flatter
ing no't only to their director. Robert Lloyd,
but to t l.flr own ability. The soloists were
Mr Lloyd, who sang two admirable numbers —
"Thine Only," by Bohm, and "Nightfall," by
M.-tc-alf— unrt Mrs. K. L. Dow. who rendered
three of Metcairs compositions in a delightful
manner. Mr». Dow was accompanied by Miss
KM' lit! Drummond.
A quartet of ladles, including Mrs. Harry P.'
Carlton, Mrs. Edgar L. Dow, Mrs. A. E. Nasb
and Mrs. Frank I. Kendall, were heard in
two pleasing selections, and the choruses by the
section were "Gypsy Life," by Schumann, and
"Bt John'* Eve." by Chaminade. . Mrs. Dudley
KlmsiH was chairman of the evening, assisted
by Mrs. M. F. Jordan. Mrs. Melvin Chapman.
Mrs. William Colby. Mrs. Wlehe. Miss Grace
Uurrcll. Mlat» Mary Alexander. Mlas Mary Bar
ker Miss Adeline L. Blond. Miss Adah Brown.
Mi*a Alma Brawn. Miss Eilr.a Porter Brown.
Ml*s Florinne Brown. Miss Ella Bullock, Miss
A. A. Clow, Miss Evelyn Craig. Miss Julia
Crane, Miss Mona Crellln, Misa Mary Donald-
Bon, Miss Eleanor Drussel, Miss Marian Kay
Ever»on, Ml«s Annie Farrier. Miss Julia Fra
s«r. Ml»s Henrietta Fear. Miss Addta Gorrlll.
Miss Carrie Gorrlll. Miss Elizabeth Gray. Miss
Janet C. Halght. Miss A. M. Hambley. Mls«
Mary C. Heaton, Miss Grace Holt, Miss Mamie
Huff. Miss Leontine Jansrn. lli.-s Ami Jones
Miss Mary Keene, Miss Pearl King. Miss e'
F. Knight, MIbs Eleanor Machln. Miss A. E
Miner. Miss C. L. Morgan. Miss Carrie Nich
olson, Miss Elizabeth Packard. Miss Etta Pen
niman. Mies \ Charlotte Playter.- Miss Maud
Edith Pope, Mi*9 Irene Rutherford. Misa
Leonle Schiund. Miss Geraldlne Scupham.Miss
E M. Scupham. MJss Jennie Stone. Miss Flor
ence Stone, Miss Georgie Strong. Miss Anna
Sutherland. Miss Emma Swain. Miss Mary C
B. -Varney. Miss Antoinette Gardiner Wilkin
son and Miss Bertha Young.
The "minatrel show" which wilt be given
by a number of clever amateurs in Eaat Oak
land Saturday night promises to surpass any
thing of the kind that has taken place I re
cently in this city. The proceeds are to swell
the St. Anthony's bazaar fund in general and
Mm A M. Rosborough's booth in particular.
Her' sons, Joseph and Alexander Rosborough.
have arranged the programme, which fact in
aureu the success of the affair as an entertain
ment. Alexander Rosborough and •'Billy"
Hynes will be the "end men." and twtnty
flve other well-known fun-makers and singers
will participate. Kendall Fellows and George
Walker will give their inimitable Chinese im
personations, with new features; James Keene
will appear In monologue; Miss Mary Sullivan
and L«o Cooper will present an amusing
sketch and a short comedy will be enacted by
Mm Hrown Mrs. Sage and George McKlnnon.
Altogether the programme is especially at
tractive and many have signified their inten
tion to be present.
The members of a Tuesday afternoon five
hundred club enjoyed a pleasant outing Satur
day. " They first lunched together at an up
town restaurant and later witnessed a per
formance of "Dlvorcons" by Mrs. FUke.
Among those m the party, which Included
twenty members, were Mrs. J H Dieckmann.
Mi6s Margaret Sinclair. Mrs. J P. H Dunn.
Miss Mona Crellin. Miss Emma Mahoney Mr.
Robert Fitzgerald and Mr». William Hamilton
Morrison. _ , • •
OAKLAND. April ll.-Tbe Wheelock Club
Is an active social factor theae days. The
membirs enjoyed a delightful meeting last
Friday at the residence of Mrs. A. F. Coffla.
on Perry street. Mrs. A. Fine winning the
On April 13 Mrs.' Chabot will entertain the
club and Mrs. Bulkley is planning to receive
the members April 22. Neither Mrs. Bulkley
nor Mrs. Chabot Is a member of the club, but
both have frequently acted H3 substitutes.
PHOTOGRAPHIC VIEWS OF THE RUIXS OF THE BUIL.D11CGS DESTROYED BY FIRE SUNDAY 'NIGHT AT NINTH AND
FRANKLIN STREETS. OAKLAND. AND FROM WHICH THE CHARRED BODIES OF WILLIAM DUNN AND WILLIAM
DAVIS WERE YESTERDAY RECOVERED BY THE POLICE.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND. April 11. — Lawrence
Downey, a 14-yrar-old schoolboy, was
thrown from the driver's seat of a
hack driven by Fred Norwood, which
wa* struck by a Grove-street car, this
afternoon. The hack wai crossing the
car tracks at Thirty-fourth and Grove
streets when the collision occurred.
Just before the crash Norwood jumped
and saved himself, but young Downey
could not get down in time. The force
of the collision threw the boy to the
ground. He suffered a compound frac
ture of the right leg below the knee
and a number of minor Injuries.
The hack was badly wrecked and
one of the steps was torn from the car.
The Injured boy is the son of Pat
rick Downey, a conductor In the em
ploy of the Oakland Transit Company,
and resides with his parents at 1920
Linden street.
and Car.
Lnwrenop Downey Receives a Broken
Leg In Mls-Vp of Hack
SMALL BOV BADLY
HURT IX COLLISION
On motion of the Rev. George O.
Eldredge, pastor of St. John's Presby
terian Church, seconded by 'the Rev,
Mr. Bevier, the Rev. William Kirtf
Guthrie, pastor of the Firat Presby
terian Church,' was unanimously cho
sen moderator and the Rev. T. M.
Boyd and the Rev. Moses Bercowita
were elected temporary clerk—
The choir of Howard Presbyter! ¦: rt
Church was in attendance and. joinecj
by the large congregation, rendered
several hymns.
Elects Rev. W. K. Gnthrle 3Ioderatorw
The spring meeting of the San Fran
cisco presbytery was .held last night
at Howard Presbyterian Church, -OaK
and Baker streets, "when the election
of a moderator in place o| the Rev,
John Hemphill, D.D., took place.
There was- a sermon at the begin-*
nlng- of the meeting by ex-Moderatofl
E. K. Strong, vice Dr. Hemphill, whCr*
is fulfilling a special call to Sydney,
X. S. W.
The whereabouts of Mrs. Carroll is
unknown. The last seen of her was on
the day she last visited Hunker's house.
•She thought she could 'beat* me out
of my house by claiming that I was
engaged to her. But that sort of thing
didn't go with the court and I won out.
Then she stripped the house of the
things. I think that that is stealing
and if I can find the woman I will make
trouble for her." -
First she wanted him to buy her a
lodging-house and he gave her $3000,
but when they inspected it he declared
it not worth $250. Then he proposed
to buy a lot and build a house for her
in Berkeley, so that she could take
boarders. She was agreeable to this
and he put $10,000 in. the bank for her.
Instead of the house costing $10,000,
however, it has cost $20,000. Hunker
has been digging down in his pockets
quite often of late. This was too good
ti- last, though, and finally Hunker de
cided to get rid of the woman.
"I wanted to help this woman out,"
he said to-day. "She was poor and 1
didn't know anything better to do for
her than to start her in business. I
set $10,000 aside for her for a house
and now that house has cost $20,000. I
got tired of the graft at last and went
to the courts to have Mrs. Carroll
ejected, as she had refused to leave the
house.
EXPENSES INCREASE.
Hunker looks upon Mrs. Carroll as
the most ungrateful person he ever
kr.ew» He says she came to him a
year ago with the claim that she was
his cousin. Strangely enough he did
not Question her claim to relationship,
though that was the first time he knew
about it. He assisted her in a material
way.
Of course when Hunker was notified
of this sacrilege he hurried to^ Berkeley
post haste. He was angry- clear
through and swore vengeance. The
next day an expressman showed up to
take more things away, but he was
scared off when Hunker saw him. Since
then Hunker has been expecting a vis
itation from Mrs. Carroll any time and
is constantly on guard.
Hunker was so well satisfied with
his victor}' that he did not go near the
house on that day. He let two Deputy
Sheriff go out to take possession of
the house. But when the Deputy Sher
iffs arrived they found that Mrs. Car
roll had b?»en there before them. She
had taken away most of the furniture
and had a lot packed up for future de
livery to the expressman. The window
curtains were gone, bed covers gone, as
was everything that could be moved in
a hurry. Some of the things that could
not be carted away easily were stored
in the house of a neighbor, who had
received them on the strength of Mrs.
Carroll's statement that they were for
storage. <¦; *
RRMOVES FURNITURE.
The whole case was fought out In
Judpe Melvin'8 court last Friday. Hun
ker had no difficulty in proving that
the house in question is his own. In
her own behalf Mrs. Carroll sought to
show that it had been given to her by
Hunker as an enEragemont present.
Hunker denied that matrimony ever
figured in the transaction at all. Any
way Judge Melvin said that Mrs. Car
ioll was wrong and gave Hunker pos
session of the house.
Andrew Hunker, the man that dis
covered the Hunker Creek mines in the
Klondike and dug three or four millions
in gold tut of them, is guarding him
self against a woman. He is not ex
actly undergoing a siege, but he expects
his castle at 242S Bancroft way to be
stormed any minute and he 6wears he
isn't going: to take any chances that
may be altogether unnecessary.
The millionaire miner, for he is rated
as such, claims Mrs. Christine Carroll
fcr his nemesis. Mrs. Carroll's actions
in regard to the aforesaid castle on
Bancroft way displeased him awhile
apo and he requested her to go. She
refused and he appealed to the law. It
t^ok a writ ot restitution, backed by
the law. to finally accomplish her eject
ment
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center' 6treet, April 11.
Town Marshal Kerns and his deputy,
Bert Howard, were summoned to the
ucene and a close watch kept of the
premises. A search, was made of the
basement with no success, however. An
examination of the rear door of the
Ftore showed that a hole had been cut
in It in an endeavor to reach the lock.
If the bursrlar had been successful he
would have had access to a lot of jew
elry and watches.
The burglar that entered the Gentry
store pot in through a. broken window.
Once in. he had access to a case
of watches valued at $100, which he
proceeded to take with him. This bur-
Rlary was not discovered until this
morning.
Thompson opened flre with his pistol
the instant he saw the man, but he
must have missed, for the Quarry turn
ed and raa back to a little phed at
?he rear of the store, then crawled un
derneath. Restaurateur Henderson
saw the man from his window, but as
he had no weapon he could no* stop
him. Then Thompson, thinking to In
tercept him when he emerged from the
front of the building, went around, but
the man never came out.
The man that tried to do the trick
nt Curry * Putzkers place was discov
ered at work at 2 o'clock this* morn
ing by William Henderson of the Owl
restaurant. Henderson notified Special
Officer George Thompson, and Thomp
son went to the rear of the store to
head th/* fellow or fellows o(T.» As he
nx^proa^hed the place Thompson sud
denly saw a man loom up a hundred
feet in front of him. The man had evi
dently become suspicious and begun a
retreat.
Burglars were rife in Berkeley last
night, and the town seems to be in
for a Biege from the plundering knights
of the dark lantern. One of them,
oaught in the act of entering the store
of R. A. Curry and Otto A. Putzker
at T142 Shattuck avenue, was shot at
for his pains, but he was lucky enough
to escape. Another of the gentry
wormed his way into John A. Gentry's
jewelry store at Sixth street and San
Pablo avenue and got away with $100
worth of watches.
Berkley Office San Francisco Call.
2KS Center Street, April 11.
Goes to Court and Secures
Her EjectmentFromHouse
He Had Spent Money Upon
Another Knight of the Dark
. Lantern Steals Valuable
Watches From a Jeweler
John Sloane. the well-known million
aire carpet manufacturer of New York,
who has been enjoying a vacation at
Monterey with the members of his
family, arrived In this city yesterday;
and is staying at the St. Francis. / • /
John Rosene, general manager of the
Northwestern Commercial Company,
and who is prominently identified wltbj
the Northeastern Commercial Com
pany, which has" several valuable con
cessions from the Russian Government
in Siberia, arrived from Seattle yester
day and is at the Palace. <
A. B. Newell, vice president and gen
eral manager of the White Pass and
Yukon Railroad, arrived from Van
couver several days ago and is stay
ing at the St. Francis. .
H. H. Yard, who is building a rail
fcoad along the Feather River, arrived
from Oroville last evening and is stay
ing at the Palace. . "
Dr. J. H. Tebbetts of Holllster Is at
the California.
Lieutenant Governor Alden Anderson
is at the Grand.' . *
L. Blasingame, a stockman of Fresno,
is at the Grand. '
Rev. A. S-. Clark of Stockton Is stay
ing at the Grand.
Former Congressman Frank Coomba
of Napa is at the Grand. i>;\l '¦
- Bishop W: iH. Moreland of Sacra
mento is at the Occidental. •
A- B. Shaver, a lumberman of Fresno*
and his wife are at the Palace.
McDonald Bird, a traveler from Lon
don, is registered at the St. Francis.
Dr.. Carroll Thrasher. has been ap
pointed .surgeon of the Alaska Salmorr
Packers' Association and leaves shortly;
for BeringtSea.
PERSOXAIa
TAKES HER FOR COUSIN
FELLOW MAKES ESCAPE
Andrew Hunker, Discoverer
of Rich Creek, Also Dis
covers a Healthy Nemesis
Policeman George Thompson
Fires at Retreating Crimi
nal, but Bullet Goes Wide
Two Unfortunates Meet Terrible End in Flames That Sweep
at Night Through Rookeries at Ninth and Franklin Streets.
Loss Is in the Neighborhood of Thirty-Six Thousand Dollars i
Bertha Weisshard has Instituted di
vorce proceedings against Carl F. . A.
Weisshard on the ground of cruelty.
She alleges that he has sworn at her
and treated her so that her life is
filled with unhapplness,* until she was
forced, finally, to leave him.
A decree of divorce was granted
Jessie M. Pratt from Frank A. Pratt
on the grounds of desertion and willful
neglect by Judge Ogden this afternoon;
The plaintiff was awarded the custody
of the minor child.
Louis'" Goz was granted a decree of
divorce from Mary B. Goz .on the
ground of infidelity and awarded the
custody of the three children.
Page was for many years in the em
ploy of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany, and he earned a fortune. He
met his wife, who was then Jennie
DaVis, Just after she had finished a
course in a San Francisco businesa col
lege. He promised her a life of ease.
She says he became cranky and almost
starved her to death, and that he in
sured her friends, refused her money
and abused and swore at her.
Louis Thima, an employe of the
Alaska Packers' Association, filed a
complaint in a divorce action to-day
against Birdie Thima, in which he al
leges that his life has* been threatened
by his spouse. They have been mar
ried a little more than a year. He says
that in January she threatened to
poison him. She wanted his wages, and
if he gave them to her she spent the
money for drink.. She threw his meer
chaum pipe out of the window and
broke it and threw a water pitcher at
his head and broke that.
She was engaged in telling the story
of her wrongs, to Judge iMelvin to-day.
Mrs. Page is an attractive woman,
about 30 years of age, and she was
married ten years ago. The wife has
learned that Page was, older than he
appeared and that, although he put
his age at 50, he was nearer 60. His
promises, says the young plaintiff,
turned to gall after their marriage, and
she discovered what it was to be tied
to an old man.
5 Slow starvation and cruelty in a va
riety of forma are the causes for which
Mrs. Jennie Page of San Leandro asks
to secure a divorce from R. B. Page, a
well to do resident of that place. '¦
Oakland. Office; San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. April 11.
Young Mrs. Page Finds Life
a; Burden With Old Hus
band and Would Be Free
PLEDGES ARE FORGOT
Couples Set Forth Their
Many Grievances in Their
Solemn Legal Allegations
KLONDIKE MAN
DEFIES WOMAN
MARITAL WOES
REACH COURT
BODIES, DISMEMBERED BY GREAT HEAT,
FOUND IN ASHES OF OAKLAND FIRE
SENDS BULLET
AFTER BURGLAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
6
A2TOBTISEXENT3.
ALL RUNDOWN
In the Spring is when you notice
it the most- The system is full of
impurities that have accumulated
during the winter months, which
must be dispelled at once. The
quickest and safest way is to
take Hostetter's Stomach Bitters.
Nothing else is so good to cure
Spring Fever, General Debility,
Sleeplessness, Indigestion, Dys-
pepsia, Constipation, Liver Trou-
bles, La Grippe, Colds or Malaria,
Fever and Ague. We urge you to
try ,a< bottle to-day.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
BRANCH OFFICES ,
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
, - 1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083,
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 11»
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4SMi
ADVEBTISEMENTS* -
Plates at Cost
Made by the professors of this colic?*
and guaranteed a perfect fit We so-
licit the most difficult cases and make
a specialty of natural looking and ser-
viceable teeth.
Painless Methods— Extraction Pree.
Week Days, o to 9; Sundays, 9 to x.
Post-Graduate Dental College,
Mmn Tnaclmco—3 Taylor "str^t. •
Oakland— 973 iWasWnarton Str~t. > r '
Baa Jos*— 45 East Santa Clara Str««t.
SacraniMito— 407 J Str—V
BROWN'S Bronchial Troches
GIvo OroatostRollof
XJSk 8oI4 In . ,
4^z, tat %r Ml "
-»v," IMMV ¦- -. ¦ - -'Well; Known i Canadian ;Dcad.
LONDON, April 1 l.--William < Ber
rianl.Vail,v formerly -Ministerj of ;Mili
tia and Defense ; : of the; bbminioh of
Death 1 of Millionaire ': Kelly.
:; SPRINGFIELD, : O., rApril ? ll.— O.~. S.
Kelly^aTrnillionalre; manufacturer,-, died
to-day,; aged 82.
The Moros are still fighting Uncle
Sam. Each time they are eventually
defeated, and It is to be hoped that they
will ¦ soon realize the necessity " of be
coming reconciled and allow our troops
to ; return her**, where they . can cook • on
a gas range from the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company,' 415 Post street* •
The members of the • Fairmount
District Property-owners' ; - Defensive
Association; wrote Mayor Schmitz.^a
letter yesterdaj? expressing its "regret
at the step he 'recently^ took regard ing
the rock crushing) carried "on in;;the
city and ; county^ of ; San Francisco.
They that" he f favor, the pending
ordinance.
Citizens Write to SchniiU.
POUGHKEEPSIE, . N. 4 - y.. A ori 1 1 1 .
James Hlnckley, . former'i chairman ..of
the New -York Democratic StateCom
mitteeTrdiod "at his * home " In
this city to-night of apoplexy. , :
Deatli of Prominent Democrat.
CONCORD, Mass.. April 11.— Samuel
Hoar, a < distinguished lawyer and
nephew of Senator George . F. Hoar,
died to-day of paralysis, aged 59 years.
In 1902 he was prominently mentioned
as successor to Justice Horace Gray as
Associate Justice of the United States
Supreme Court. N -
Senator Hoar's Xcpliew Dies.
; ' Samuel - Adams Pollard, a , well
known 1 Pioneer", of .California, died yes
terday, at the age of^78 ; years. De-'
ceased ', was a : native of Richmond,' Va.,
and is"sufvived'by four children," Mrs/
E.' de: :laTCuesta.5Mrs. JGj^S^de^la.
Cuesta, Mrs. J.', Kallrneyerj and George
¦ pollard:'v|,The ?f uheral'i will stake Jplace
to-morrow, -at y 1 0 .^o'clock . ; uhder.^the
auspices i of J the' Society; of I Calif ornia
Pioneers- from'; Plbner; Hall. '..;: The > re
mains ¦".•will be .interred: in Oak Hill
Cemetery, San Jose. •„' ;v .
Well-Known ; Pioneer Dead.
I'l.TMOITTH— Arrt»-«^1 April 11— Stmr renn
•ttvanla. from N>w York, lor Cherbourg and
Hamburg, and proceeded. - • - ¦
OCKAN STEAMERS
f^. C— Failed April 11— £tmr
Etrtprcs* of Japan, for Yokohama and Hong
is*ig. . ¦ . \
t J\rriv»><! April 11— Tujrg Bern lJfon and I^rnc.
from . crulw in erarcii of unknown dismasted
%'r-sitoi imported to have drifted on the Van
rouv«r Itjand coael.
IX>REIGN PORTS
Arrival Apnl 11— Schr Fred
K. Sander, henco March 31; echr Maria E.
Smith henoe March 30.
POUT LUUIXJW— Sailed April 11— Schr
Seisin Tor Kan Kranclsoo.
SEATTI^E — Satlrd April 11 — Gcr «tmr Ami
ri)>. for Ban FrarwlBco.
DOMESTIC PORTS
«rar I^akme. Nelson. Eureka.
Ship Glory of K+rv. Pindlnjr. Comox, B. C,
+'lmr Oracp Dollar, Olwn
SAILED.
Monday. April IV
F:mr Mandalav. Sanford Crc»oent City.
f^tnir Sequoia. Fo*en. Willapa Harbor.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
WASHINGTON, .April VI L-i-Acting
Adjutana General Hall. .is informed that
Second Lieutenant: Harry Parshall of
the Twenty-second ; died vat
Manahui, Mindanao", oh.'.the ;8th .inst.
of heart disease. Lieutenant | Parshall
was a • native; of >; Wisconsin • and was
appointed from the ranks in Febru
aovl901. v : .. |r; • • v :
Lieutenant Parsliall Is Dead.
DALTON, Mass.," April .11— Arthur
Macey, for, nearly, forty^years connect
ed with Bradstreet's at ; several .West-]
erir cities, i Is dead here, f aged 62 years.
Passing of ArUiur ¦ Macey.
BAKERSFIELD, April 11. — August
Reymond, a wealthy and well-known
sheepman, committed suicide by hang
ing bimself to the roof of a cabin on
his ranch, fourteen miles from this city,
last evening. No cause for his action
is known. He was a native of France
and long a resident of Kern County.
He leaves a wife and family in Bakers
field. ?„ ;
SI»ccp Owner Commits Suicide.
Canada; died at Ddver yesterday, aged
80. years. :.- . ;,. ; . m.-S
NEW YORK, April 11.— The follow
ing Californians are registered here:
From San Francisco— H. A. Raleigh,
at the Continental; G. W. Armsby, at
the Hotel Imperial; J. D. Dougherty,
at the Girard; C. W. Evans, at the St.
Denis Hotel; C. M. Helgs, at the West 7
minster; W. J. Hotchkiss, at the Im
perial; W. G. Hoxe tl at the Grand Ho
tel; R. L. Knapp and wife, at the Ven
dome"; M. Kocknan, at the Hotel Na
varre; E. Lowry, at the Hotel Cadillac;
D. M. Morris, at the Hotellmperial; C.
E. Perkins, at the Grand Union; C.
Wetherbee, at the Astor House ; ¦ J.'
Burns, at the Herald 'Square; : J. W.
Lewis, at the Herald Square."
From ; Los ; Angeles— H., Mitchell,' at
the Victoria; Mrs. V. E. Taliaferro,
at the Bartholdi; R..C. O'Brien, at the
Broadway Centrall
Californians in New York.
SAN RAFAEL, / April 11. — John
Davenport, ,¦ one j of | the oldest j residents
of Marin County, Is dead,. after an ex
tended illness." . Death .occurred this
afternoon from general debility. He was
73 years old. He was a native'of Eng
land and came to California In the early
fifties.' He has' lived in San Rafael for
twenty-seven years. : He will be. burled
Wednesday.
Ma rin Country Pioneer Dead.
Preparing New Theater.
The new Majestic Theater will be
opened with Miss Isabel Irving in
Winston Churchill's dramatization' of
his own novel, "The Crisis." By special
arrangement with the labors unions
night * work onT th e theater was begu n
last 'evening. 'From now until Sunday,
morning' work will be rushed night
and day in order to have the house
ready, for the opening night. The
plasterers have finished and the main
floor of the auditorium is nearly laid.
It is expected that the seats /will, be
in place. by Thursday. Then all that
remains will be to put up "the draper
ies and [the heavy doors. ' The stage
is already ' completed and "waiting; for
the scenery and : properties of .the. Irv
ing company. 7 Miss - Irving and "he/
company arei now on their way from
Ogden by special train. Some of the
cars l hope been ..turned Into work-'
shop's: for the making of a- new set of
costumes and the repainting^ of :scen
ery.\'When;the/curtairi rises 'on '"The
Crisis" next Monday, night; San ;Fran^
. cisco : will I see'' a new production of 'the
Churchill, play. Miss.Irving's engage
merit will be for, two weeks, .with rhat
iriee on : Saturday only. Seats or thi:
first 1 , week will 1 go ; on" sale .Thursday
morning at .Sherman & Clay's, : us the
box office at the theater;has not been
completed; 1 . It " is 'announced "that * ap-^
"plications'; for-; scats' by /mail- will b4
filled In . the order received. ¦**
Pickwick and Burnaby lodges of the
Sons of St. George of this city have
joined forces and decided to meet on
the evening of the 23d Inst. to cele
brate SL George's day and the anni
versary of the birth of Shakespeare.
There will be a banquet at a Powell-
Fireet rotisserie. VThe details are being
arranged by W. Digby Johnson. C. W.
Pope and H. J. Ford of Pickwick
Lodge and G. W. Riffe. George E.
Fi«her and Past President' Potter of
Burnaby Lodge. The ladies of Bri
tannia and Empress Victoria lodges.
Daughters of St. George, have been
asked to participate in the celebration.
St, George's Day.
SAN' JOSe, April 11.— Miss Phoebe Gould of
San Francisco and 'William Kayser, a popular
youns man of this city,' tvera . married at &t.
Mary's " Catholic Church in this city yester
day afternoon. ' The edifice was handsomely
decorated . with " flowers and there was a larsa
attendance of the mends of the young; couple.
The Rev. Father Melchers performed the cere
mony. Mlaa Frances Kayser. sUter of th«»
croom, was bridesmaid, and Lelaml Gould. %
brother of • tl>o ' bride, was best roaii.
WITHDRAWAL OF FUNDS
') CAUSES A FAILURE
PONCA CITY, Okla.. April 11.— The
Citizens' Bank closed its doors to-day
and the directors ; posted this notice:
"On account of sudden withdrawals
of deposits and a failure to make col
lections "we deem . it best to close the
bank, so as "to 'give alia fair-chance.
It is thought that the bank will be
able itoJpay .33 cents," on the dollar,
but this is not authentic."
J. B.Giveris, is and George
T. McCandless" cashier.' Territorial
Bank Commissioner ' Cooper is' in
charge and H. C. Broadham has been
appointed receiver.,' No statement has
been made of the bank's liabilities or
assets.
Well-Known Santa Cruz Man Dead.
SANTA CRUZ, April 11. — George- P.
Laird, an old citizen and for many
years one of the most prominent dairy
men along the coast, died at the home
of his daughter, Mrs. William Parker,
at Garfleld Park. He was a native of
New York and 7 1 years of age. He
leaves a wife and 'two sons, Frederick
and Herbert, and two daughters, Mrs.
Wllliam : Parker and Mrs. Frank
March. .....
SAN JOSE, April 10.— Mrs. Margaret
Sullivan, one of the oldest residents
of San Jose, died yesterday afternoon
at her home in East San Jose. She was
a native of -County Kilkenny, Ireland,
and 71 years of age. She was the widow
of Michael Sullivan, a pioneer of this
county wlio died about fourteen years
ago. She came to California in 1S55 and
had been a resident of San Jose for over
forty-eight years. Six grown children
survive her. Mrs. Sullivan leaves a
large estate. Death resulted" from
paralysis, with which she had been suf
fering several months.
Aired San Jose Resident Dies.
WhesU 31.180.000 bushels, decrease 5*7.000
Imshels; corn. 8.693.000 bushels, decrease 80.
«<C0 bushels; o&ts, 10,342.000 bushels, decrease
lf.2.000 bushels: rye. M9.000 bushele, decreaee
4f>00 bUEhels: barley. 3.0S1.000 byshels, decrease
SSO.COO bushels.
NEW YORK, April 11. — The visible
supply of £r ain Saturday. April 9, as
compiled by the New York Produce
Kxchange, is as follows:
WASHINGTON. April 11. — The
monthly report of the chief of the
Hureau of Statistics of the Depart
ment of Agriculture will chow the i
average condition of winter wheat on
April 1 to have been 76.5, against 97.3
on April -1, 1903; 78.7 at the corre
sponding date in 1902. and 84.1 the
moan of April averages of the last ten
years.
The report contains the following
statistics of winter wheat conditions:
Ivan- Call- Okla
roe. " fornta. botna.
April I. 1904 T8 M 06
April 1. l»03 T» 8S 100
April V, 19C2 73 83 6"
"Ten-year average S3 67 «w
The average condition of winter rye
on April 1 was £2.3, against 57.9 on
April 1, 1903; 85. 4 at the correspond
ing date in 1002 and £9.1 the mean of
the April averages of the last ten
years. •
The incidents cited by the protests
are said to refer to two parties of prom
inent Chinese bound for the world's
fair, who, though armed with certifi
cates from their Government and with
papers Indorsed by the American Con
sul General at Shanghai, were detained
at San Francisco. It is asserted that
they were subjected to indignities
which have been the cause of their bit
ter resentment / ; v -
In regard to the protest, Chang You
tong, secretary of the Chinese World's
Fair Commission, said to-night:
"My countrymen were subjected to
humiliating treatment at San Fran
cisco, where they were held up by the
customs officials for two days, despite
the fact that they had sufficient money
with them to justify statements that
they were. reputable citizens of China
and not paupers. They also had signed
letters from the American Consul at
Peking, stating their financial and so
cial standing in China, but they were
forced to furnish bond In the sum of
$506 sold each before the customs offi
cials would release them."
Sir Chentung Liang Cheng, the Chi
nese Minister, has filed formal protests
in the .matter.
ST. LOUIS, April 11.— A special to
the Republic from Washington says:
Diplomatic complications in the rela
tions between China and the United
States have arisen, according to infor
mation from sources closely identified
with diplomatic circles, because c-r the
harsh manner in which the Chinese ex
clusion laws are operating against
Chinepf^of consequence who have busi
ness in this country at the St. Louis
world's fair.
Frenzied by fright and agony, M.
D. McDougall, a tailor.'in endeavoring
to- escape from a blazing room last
night, plunged madly through a win
dow, cutting an artery in his left fore
arm and badly lacerating. his face and
hands, that had already been ; pain
fully burned. The unfortunate man
conducts a tailor shop on the premises
of 115 Van Ness avenue. Where
shortly after 8 o'clock last evening a
fire originated : in the overturning of
a' large eon # oil lamp.
•McDougall made several futile efforts
to extinguish the rapidly spreading
flames and in doing so his clothes
caught fire, his hands and face were
badly burned andfhis hair singed.
Realizing that the fire was becoming
master of the situation, he turned to
escape, but found his way. shut oft by
flames, so he plunged through the front
window of his' small? establishment,"
sustaining the injuries mentioned.
The fire had gained considerable
headway before the department
reached the scene, but it was soon ex
tinguished. The building occupied by
McDougall and the one adjoining it,
used »by James Rosa as a carpenter
shop, are owned by the latter, who es
timates his loss at about $300.
FRESNO, April 10.— The city is
crowded with the visiting delegates to
the Ancient Order of United Work
men Grand Lodge session which opens
to-morrow morning. All yesterday aft
ernoon and to-day the guests of Yo
semite Lodge have been coming into
the Raisin City in throngs and by
special trains. The arrival of Gover
nor Pardeje and his family yesterday
forenoon 'excited much enthusiasm.
Secretary of State Curry and all the
Grand Lodge officers arrived this morn
ing. There are also many visitors who
are not. delegates, but who have taken
the opportunity to see the county.
The Grand Ledge session of the De
gree of Honor holds forth at the same
time and the delegates to that are com
ing with the Master Workmen. To
morrow the ladies will hold their seml
annuaf district convention. Wednesday
morning the Grand Lodge will begin.
The entertainment committees from
the two orders have prepared amuse
ment for all during their spare mo
ments. The programme began this
evening with a public reception in the
A. O. U. W. Hall. The Hon. F. H.
Short acted as chairman and introduced
Mayor L.' O. Stephens, who delivered
an address of welcome t^ the visitors
to Fresno. Governor Pardee also spoke
and told how glad he was to visit
Fresno again, and especially on such
an occasion.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PORTLAND, Or., April 11.— Called
from his farm at Amboy. Clarke Coun
ty, Wash., to hurry to the bedside of
his dying wife in a Portland hospital,
Frank Gerber. walked forty miles dur
ing Saturday night and reached his
wife a few hours before she died. When
the long tramp was finished ten years
had been added to the lines of his face.
If rs.~ Gerber went to the hospital a
few days ago for a slight operation. A
sudden turn for .the worse necessitated
a telegram to Gerber. The last train
until Monday for Vancouver had . gone
when Gerber received the message late
Saturday evening, but he at once set
out to walk f ory miles along the rail
road track. Three small children were
left at home. Never once during the
night did. he slacken the steady pace
set at. the beginning.
¦ At 8 o'clock yesterday morning he
staggered into Vancouver and took the
ferry across the Columbia for the Port
land car. Gerber did not know until he
reached the hospital whether his terri
ble walk had been in vain. . He is a
man of slight physique, and the strain
marked him deeply. Mrs. Gerber died
last evening, : apparently contented, aa
her husband was with her at the last.
Statistics From the Bureau
of Agriculture Show Aver
age Conditions to Be 76.5
Members of the Order of
Workmen Gather in Fres
no for Their Grand Lodge
Chinese Minister Objects to,
the Acts of Customs Offi
cers in San Francisco
M. D. McDougall Makes 3Iad
Plunge Through "Window
to Escape Blazing Shop
Washington Farmer Makes
Heroic Effort to Beach Bed
side of Spouse Before Death
MARYSVILL.E, April 11.— James E.
Boofrnan, . f or many years a prominent
hardware merchant of this city, died
this afternoon at the age of 62 years.
He had been associated with the.busi
ness interests of Marysville for the
past forty years, and was well known
and respected. For the past six years
he had served as School Commlsisoner.
He was a native of Buffalo, N. Y., and
leaves a wife and two children.
Special Dispatch to The Call
GRAIN OUTLOOK
IS ONLY FAIR
Resolved, That copies or these resolutions*
be sent to the California Promotion Commit-;
tee, Andrea Sbarboro, Rufus P. Jennings, and
Southern Pacific -and Santa Fc railroad com
panies and their representatives. . ; v", --A
Kcsolved, That we extend our thanks to
Andrea Sbarboro and Rufus P. Jennings, and
we realize that the California -Promotion Com
mittee, directed by their energy and enthu
siasm, will produce the effective results de
sired by us all, and to this 'end we pledge
our most hearty co-operation.
Resolved, That we also tender our thanks
and sincere appreciation "to the Southern Pa
cific Company ¦ and. Santa Fe Railroad Com
pany for the watchful care and courtesy shown
us by their representatives on this third ex
cursion of the California Promotion Commit
tee, and be It further - ¦'•¦ . • . .
At a meeting of the participants of
the third excursion of - the California
Promotion Committee, consisting of
members and guests, Thomas J. Welsh,
Michael S. Alexander and Naph B.
Greensfelder were appointed a com
mittee to draft the following resolu
tions:
Whereas, The California Promotion Com
mittee, through the untiring. efforts of Andrea
Sbarboro. president, and Rufus P. Jennings,
executive officer, have done : such excellent
work in advancing the material interests of
the entire State of California.
Whereas, Said Andrea Sbarboro. president,
and said Rufus P. Jennings,' executive officer,
have contributed so greatly to the pleasure
and comfort, on this' third excursion of the
California Promotion Committee, therefore,
be It "
Participants in the Third Jaunt
to Places of Interest Are Grate
ful to Hosts. '
SIR CHENTUNG
FILES PROTEST
MAYOR GREETS
THE DELEGATES
WALKS MILES
TO DYING WIFE
TAILOR BURNED
AN D BADLY CUT
DEATH CALLS
MERCHANT OF
YUBA COUNTY
EXCURSIONISTS THANK ¦.
PROMOTION COMMITTEE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU TUESDAY. APRIU 12 ? l90i.
7
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEBPICIDE'S BOSSION.
It ; Takes Away ; the . Oread of Birthdayt.
; - X(/tl\ing is ; more' annoying to men "and
women; of middle age ,thah'. to- see those
unmistakable signs of age— thin hair and
grayness^-approachlng. But science has
discovered that 'these conditions are no
longer "unmistakable" evidences of old
age," for, the dandruff gerrh'theory proves
that even "very young people may suffer
hair loss, while those, fortunate enough
to escape the ravages of. the scalp germ
retain their. abundant locks. to a rlp« old
age. Newbro'sHerpicide kills the dan-
druff germ and removes the risk of ap-
pearing old before your-time. Save your
hair and -your feelings by usingithe gen-
uine .Herpicide. Sold" by, leading drug-
gists. Send* 10c in stafrips for sample to
The Herpfcide Co., Detroit,. Mich-- s'
¦ — .
Tooth Powder
Kew Pitent top Can. Compare "quantity aad
anility', witlx'otheral " Sozodont is eco'nomy.
r ;;l:>;. / v AD VERTISEMENTS. . ¦:¦"•:' \ : '' '• : .'.'.r*.' _ _ ."'._'. _ : _ N . . _ _[ -j-.-.-l-:^ -,--.-„- .- ¦-'¦-_'-'_ -.-_ '.../-.' ' . ' ' '"'¦ . ' m.'.V
j|||||l we buy for cash Mej^ \ | ' Sj$*m& 1:
WMM^^^ WE SELL FOR CASH S^S^?^"^"? SHOE STORE ' #'l^^" : Sl
f^-" : *^^' M&jffli At Small Profits. Store w/ill fc>e In the World Every . <% fct'^SP?' *'58S^
Cm/ n\/CDV niCTHlMPD • w *~^/ m \ w^ Employe a Partner r»i?^l^J^?:"^SS ¥
*SE^ T ?^f^^ . CVlKi vUoiUlTiEiv I £~Z I C^J fe 8^ j*-^^ jj *
"pJ^^^^^^^S XVlH Receive Courteous Attention. MONDAY TUESDAY 4ND WEDNESDAY I II fc ivlvjll 1 WAY! f^^^^^^^^J^
# THE RIGHT WAY [ T0 hark down prices . "i^^fig^ 1^ 1 ' Wl^^ '.'
%fG^ & 5^ %^* mg Jp Buii^E
812 = 814 Market St. 9 = 11 0 rarrcll ISt. 'San Francisco is out; of ' debt.. No more • convincing
proof .could be ; given that the city is a favorite of the
fa'tesl ; Some of our worthy but expensive" public officials
are' as much puzzled, at _ our heaUhy financial condition
as; the rest of us. An exposition of ' how, it^happe'ned
'would he entertaining. ':'¦'¦'. 'v. V /' .
.The Board of Public Works has filed estimates call
ingjor: an- appropriation to it of nearly three million
dollars for - the next ; fiscal year. Taken at its best this
; isj one of those instances of municipal suKgestion where
the public is asked« to pay- for somethings that ; it has no
reason, fortified by experience, ¦¦to; expect to obtain.
hired to prey as a. thief upon the gudgeons
that frequent a local dive, was convicted the other day
andr will be sent to- the penitentiary. Do our worthy
police need any further suggestion of their neglect of
duty in not closing the pitfalls of San; Francisco, even
those that thrive in vicious prosperity on Market street ?.
If the woman be guilty.vwhat of her employer? .
There s*ems to be a disposition on
the part of "Old World sovereigns Just
at present to avoid King Leopold. A
short time ago It was officially given
out at Brussels that, while Prince and
Princess Albert were likely ,to Visit the
St. Louis Exhibition, it would be im
possible for the King to cross the At
lantic,; owing to the necessity of his
remaining at home to welcome, in
June, Emperor Francis Joseph to Bel
glum on the I conclusion of that mon
arch's stay in England. In response
to this ,a semi-official and curt-an
nouncement .has . been given out: at
Vienna to the effect that Francis Jos
eph ; has , for the present' no Intention
.whatsoever of paying a >islt to Bel
gium or to the Court of Brussels. ¦ Yet
Leopold's'visit to' Vienna" last autumn
followed closely upon," that of " King
Edward, : and since the ; old Emperor
is now about to return the 'English
ruler's call, Leopold may be excused
for -'expecting that /Francis > Joseph
would ¦ pay, him* a ; ; similar <jomplimeht
on his way back to Austria: ; rf That this
courtesy 'should be withheld must,
under, the circumstances, ;be" looked
upon air an ': Intentional "slight placed
upon I Leopold Indicative : of y . the '- Em
peror's displeasure: The Belgian -ruler
was equally.'uniuccessful' In; his Efforts
A Monarch Ostracised.
The Russians, it is announced with some show of
authority, will make a stand at the Yalu River. While
it is encouraging to know that .the fighting men of the
Czar intend to do something they should have a care
that they do not fall where elect to stand The
Japanese have the advantage inevitably given by the
knowledge that they must' fight against odds. ' : '/AU
MR. HEARST'S Presidential campaign proceeds, in
spots. While it. seems to have roared louder in
the prospectus than in the performance, still it is
alive enough to give the Democracy a pain. It serves to
illustrate plainly the confusion of the party as to issues.
In Texas Mr. Hearst relies on Governor Hogg. Hogg is
an interesting man. He is several times a millionaire,
dresses carelessly, makes money easily, 'having the ac
quisitive faculty, and does a deal of roaring against other,
rich men. No one knows why he does this, unless it is
caused by a sense of rivalry anda desire to Hogg it all
The Houston Post has been roasting Hogg and has
made it so .warm for him that he is out in a letter,'which
Mr. Hearst publishes with air the grace and garnish of
black type. In it the Governor catechises Judge Parker,
through the Post, to ascertain his standing on public
questions. Among other things'; he wants to know if
he will build the Panama canal, and demands that he
oppose our authority in : the' Philippines. .
In this it appears that' the party is divided about the
construction of the canal. Mr. Hearst at first denounced
the Panama affair and attacked the only sure means ever
secured for building the canal as disgraceful to this coun
try and "the dragging of American honor in the mud
of Panama." Later on he came out in favor of the canal,
moved thereto by the strong Southern sentiment" in its
support. :; Now Governor Hogg'is.afraidthat 'Judge'.' Par
ker will not take -his spade' in hand and dig the': canal.
On this; issue we. beg tc ask the brethren what better
canal digger . do they want than President ~ Roosevelt?
If this is one of the main issues, all'they have to do is
WHAT HOGG SAYS.
There is nothing of serious Innova
tion In the recent order of Secretary
Moody that "The Star Spangled Ban
ner," and that only, shall be played at
"colors" on shipboard— reveille and
retreat, sunrise and sunset. As a na
tion we have but one national anthem
or melody or air. and Wiat one is "The
Star Spangled Banner." It Is used
upon all occasions of high ceremony.
It is made obligator}' in the army, and
has been for years. It is the only tune
to which officers of the army and navy
and patriotic citizens generally pay the
hemage of erect posture or doffed
} headgear. It is recognized by other
t nations, whose bands play It invariably
when an American official or person
age is to be complimented. It is dig
nified, suggestive, inspiring — though
net the easiest in the world to sing. It
is our own. The so-called "America"
is English; "Yankee *Doodle" is a ca
dence joke and was foisted on us by
the satirical John Bulls in the days
when Brother Jonathan was the, syn
onym for reproach. While . VHail Co
lumbia" and "Columbia, the Gem of
the Ocean," have proper place in a
national repertory, '. they are no more
national than "Bonnie , Blue , Flag,"
"John Brown's Body" or the Inspiring
J'DlxIe." Men have died and women
have* wept to the inspiriting and sad
dening strains of these songs of our
united country, as they have to "Rally
Round the Flag," "Sherman's March
to the Sea" and ' oth«r lilts of loyalty
and its opposite In days gone by. —
Cleveland Leader.
One National Melody.
Representatives of the great civilized countries of
the world are gathering at St Louis in' preparation for
the opening of the splendid exposition that is expected
to eclipse all others ever held. For six months, at
least, .this progressive / American . city will be the show
ground of the world's best* endeavors. The town will
be the parliament of modern civilization. ._ ¦':.'."
Cold winds come from the south and
winter is in July; otherwise the Argen
tine republic is like Yankceland, ac
cording to the New York World.
The Parana, the chief river, is far
larger than our Mississippi. Its annual
flow of water is double that of the
Ganges, three times that of the St.
Lawrence, five times that of the Nile.
Argentina has the longest railway
tangent (straight line) in the' world— 186
miles. Its wheat plains are like those
of our West. The climate Is similar.
Argentina's population grows 40 per
cent In ten years, the United States 20
per cent, Germany 16 per cent. Of the
2.000,000 Immigrants received in Argen
tina In forty years more than half have
been Italians.
In 1S67 there were but 353 miles of
railway in Argentina; in 1900 there were
10,601 miles, some 12 per cent belong
ing to the Government. Argentina is
nirth among the nations in railway
mileage.
Argentina has 120,000,000 sheep, as
against the 62,000,000 in the United
States.
All Argentina suffered from the Bar
ing crash in 1890, but recovery Is now
complete. Imports during 1S99 were
$117,000,000 and exports $185,000,000.
From the United States cany but $15,
000.000 of the imports and only $8,000*
000 of the exports were to this country.
-Montevideo is in area the largest
city in the world — three times the size
of New York. Buenos Ayres, growing
faster than New York, London or Ber
lin, is the largest city in the world
south of Philadelphia, except possibly
the Chinese cities. It will reach the
million mark in £906.
Argentina is building one of the finest
drydocks in the world, a model of which
will probably be seen at St. Louis.
There is energy in South America— if
you go far enough south. \
Yankees of the South.
There is a profit in such work, when
intelligently managed, of 25 to Z2% per
cent. Probably more than 100.000 acres
of "artificial" oyster beds are made to
grow an oyster crop in addition to the
acreage embraced In the "natural"
beds. The area of "artificial" beds Is
Increasing rapidly each year.
One singular feature about the oyster
is this: They ail look exactlv alike,
there be.Insr no difference between the
male and the female externally or in
ternally; in fact, the "art of man Is
not sufficient to distinguish one sex
from the other. Another unique fea
ture is this: The male oyster "lays"
as many eggs as the female— "equal
rights," we perceive. The eggs of the
male are called "milt," and the eggs
of the female are called Vspawn."' An
ordinary full-grown oyster Is supposed
to lay a million eggs a year. In spawn
ing season the water is full of these
eggs, and when the "milt" and the
"spawn" come in contact and the water
Is at the right temperature, life is
imparted to the microscopic egg and
it, drops to the bottom, where,' if it
succeeds in grasping hold of something
such. as. another oyster or shell or
rock, or anything to hang to, the
tiny creature begins to form Its . shell
and in a few weeks becomes' visible to
the eye.
The oyster farmers are harvesting the
crop at present. While the greater por
tion of the United States is under snow
and In the grasp of winter, our -oyster
farmers are busv harvesting their
crop, which requires no fertilizer, food
or fencing and costs only, for the see.d,
the Bowing ', and the harvesting, and
which pays a good dividend on the In
vestment. Prom 12,000 to 15,000 hands
are engaged In the oyster work In
Eastern Virginia. It is an odd sort of
farming, and the oyster farmers In
winter become corn farmers in sum
mer. .
In Eastern Virginia* there are several
thousand acres of oyster farms, where
oysters are' raised by artificial meth
ods on artificial beds. The "natural"
oyster bed is where the oyster breeds
and matures naturally. There are thou
sands of acres of such beds in the
Chesapeake Bay system of salt water.
In such beds the oysters breed by the
millions and as they are too close to
gether there they cannot all reach a
satisfactory growth. If taken when
small from these "natural" beds and
strewn along on the . bottoms where
there are no oysters naturally at the
rate, of 600 to 1000 bushels per acre,
such young oysters mature and ripen
off for the market, some in one and
the resfii* two years.
Oyster Farms.
THE fifty 7 fourth annual report of the Chamber of
Commerce of San Francisco, which has just been
issued, includes current commercial and industrial
history of San Francisco in epitome. More than two hun
dred pages are crowded with statistical matter, all relat
ing to the business of San Francisco, its manufactures,
banking, real estate, commerce, trade, and the related in
terests which center in this city as the greatest seaport
on the Pacific coast of the United States. Many of the
facts that are found in the report have, necessarily, been
given publicity before, but there are others that are here
assembled for public review for the first time with the
sanction of an organization making a specialty of such
useful work.
. The Chamber of Commerce presents, as might be in
ferred from the bare statement referring to its statistical
opulence, such a compendium that an intelligent student,
by devoting the proper time and attention to the matter,
may know much about material San Francisco. The first
thought that will occur to many is that such a document
would be valuable for use at St. Louis during the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition. Unquestionably, in con
nection with other literature and distributed with dis
crimination, it would prove vastly interesting to seekers
for comprehensive knowledge.
The figures are not confined to returns for 1903. In
carefully compiled tables the statistics of many years
are placed in juxtaposition, so that the analyst. may be
able to trace with certainty the advancement that has
been achieved in all lines of endeavor and the rate of
such progress. A city that is continually improving
holds out promises and attracts the striving and the
ambitious."
One series of tables shows, the normal climatological
data for various points in the State for a period of twenty
five years, as compiled by the 'United States Weather
Bureau. One page is devoted to figures relative to the
rainfall in San Francisco for every year since 1849.
Climate and rainfall are sufficient considerations to induce
many to cast in their lot" with the community that is
favored in these particulars. -
George A. Newhall, aspresident of the Chamber of
Commerce, supplies valuable facts that are not to be
found in. the annual returns of any other organization.
lays emphasis upon the statement that there was a
balance of $14,600,000 in favor of San Francisco in 1903
as between imports and exports! The manufactures of
thiSjCityin 1903 were estimated by him at' more * than
$150,000,000. This is indorsed by the chamber by in
cluding it in the annual report of the body. Of the mopey
invested in real estate in San Francisco last year Presi
dent Newhall shows that $38,166,868 was new capital.
It is pleasing to learn, that the chamber gained forty
members 'in twelve months. would accrue to
jising Californians if the annual report of the Chamber
of Commerce should be made the basis of some careful
lessons in the higher school grades in this city, at least.
It does no harm for the San Francisco boys and the girls
to havean intelligent idea of the greatness of the business
and commerce of this' port while they are finding out in
their geographies about the world at large, to which its
services are so greatly auxiliary.' . .
SAN FRANCISCO IN REVIEW.
United States Senator Simmons declared in debate
a few days since that it was impossible for him to
predict who the Democratic nominee for President will
be. The Senator should possess his spirit in calm'satis
faction. After November the American people will have
forgotten who the Democratic nominee for President
3s«. ; . ; ¦ \ ; .
That Ross was wrong and WIlke3
right is very evident from the report of
Captain Scott of the British Antarctic
expedition of 1901-04. Captain Scott
shows that the mass of Ice seen by
Ross is in reality an extensive glacier
resting on land and covering the land
like the Ice cap of Greenland. The
glacier is about 700 miles wide, and
reaches the sea through a plain lying
between Victoria Land and Edward
VII Land. The German expedition
under Von Drygalski, working 80 de
grees of longitude farther west, also
found a somewhat similar expanse of
Ice-capped land, whose 'limits they
were unable to trace, but which Is ap
parently a part of the same Antarctic
continent.— National Geographic Mag
azine. • ',.-
That a vast Antarctic continent ex
ists, perhaps twice as large as that of
Europe, would seem to be proved by
the reports now appearing of the re
cent explorations in that region. The
American Commander Wilkes, return
ing from the far south in 1841, asserted
the existence of a vast South Polar
continent, and described his voyage of
1500 miles in sight of the coast. Ross,
however, returning soon after, .dis
credited Wilkes' conclusions, saying
that the land seen by Wilkes was
merely a great wall of ice. The world
has been in doubt which to believe.
The Antarctic Continent.
The proposition to erect a building
for the United States Supreme Court
within the capitol grounds and to the
northeast of the capitol building, rela
tively distant from it as is the Con
gressional library, has many champions
in both houses.* This completed it will
dve further * jm within the capitol
to the uses of members of Congress.
In all the discussion concerning the
*Mty beautiful— the city of the present,
the city of the future — there has been
not eo much as a hint that Washington
may not always be the capital of the
The practical part of the improve
ment is the addition by the extension
of sixty-six rooms , greatly needed.
Thirty-three of these are to be appor
tioned to the Senate and a like num
ber to the House. This will enable
the Senators now occupjing office
rooms in the Mallby building, or the
Senate Annex, so called, to be gath
ered with their fellows under the roof
of the capitol. There are exactly
thirty-three of these housed, officially,
in the annex. The cry for more room
in the capitol building has been heard
throughout the session from both ends
of the capitol' and the evident neces
sity will create sympathy in the Senate
for the proposed improvement.
The plan, of course, introduces no
innovations. A suggestion of such a
thing would not be tolerated. The ex
tended center carries with it the
architectural forms, while it adds vastly
to the strength and dignity of the
building by bettering Its proportions.
Tho present east wall will remain and
form the rear wall of a courtyard
created by the extension and will be
visible from the corridors of the new
section. This wall opens directly from
the portico to the rotunda. With the
extension a vestibule. 108 feet deep,
lined with marble, will lead from the
r*?w portico, forming a grand entrance
to the rotunda. The old rotunda Is
itself to be transformed by marble.
The extension will, of course, neces-
Mtate material changes In the sur
rounding grounds and the romoval of
the statute of .Washington that has
been pointing upward for so many
years from its place in front of the en
trance.
The j>lans are those of the late
Thomas A. Walter, who built the pres
rnt north and south ¦wings. These
extensions were complied in 1859, but
Sir. Walter had foreseen the possible
demand for further extension incident
to expansion and growth of the coun
try and gave his attention to the
preparation of plans which, , in his
opinion, would develop the original
idea to a point where the word "com
lilete" might be written. These he left
as a heritage and it is to the realiza
tion • of these plans forty-five years
after they were begun by the great
architect as a dream of the far future
that the House of Representatives has
actually appropriated the money. It
should be said .that this appropriation
¦was made last session by the House,
but the Senate was not ready to act.
The model, however, was authorized
by the bill. This was completed last
December and has only now been
brought to view. It has attracted
preat attention, being constantly sur
rounded by mixed crowds of Congress
men and visitors discussing its merits.
One of these is the appropriation
of half a million dollars to be spent
this fiscal year in the work of complet
ing the capitol building, which work
it If expected will cost two and a. half
millions and consume at least two
years' time. In the rotunda of the
capitol. the figure upon the apex of its
dome pointing up to the great hollow
of the jrreat dome above it, stands a
miniature in white plater of the com
pleted capitol — a miniature of what will
be when finished on these lines, the
most beautiful architectural structure
in the world. This is the Judgment of
many men of taste and knowledge.
That which remains to be done to thus
complete the building is to extend the
center or main portion of * the east
front, bringing it more into conformity
•with the building as it is on the west.
The wings on the east front at pres
ent extend beyond the center. The
dome rises from the east front almost
directly from the wall or back of the
building. When the building is com
pleted the main wall of the center will
have been extended to the line of the
fteps of the Senate and House wings,
while a further projection of nearly
two-thirds of the distance of the main
projection will carry with it the por
tico and pediment which dominates the
central feature. The bald face of the
central building on each Bide of this
portico as it now stands is. in the com
pleted plans, relieved by columns. Thus
«>lumns extend clear across the face
of the building with a double column
across the three porticos — center and
wings.
WASHINGTON. April 10— "The most
magnificent capitol in the world" Is
the dream of Congress with regard to
the citv of Washington. Both houses
have fpent a deal of time this session
in the discussion of great projects for
the beautifiostion of the city and two
important measures have passed, one
the Senate, the other the House, look
ins to that end. Both will no doubt
become law.
BT 8. Vf. WAJJ*
Sr«ftal Dirpatch to The Call
A Bcantif.cd Capitol.
England is committed to the neutrality anjd integrity of
Chinese territory Great Britain would be justified, on the
same grounds; in declaring war against Russia.
¦ It may be safely said that the people of this country
do not want Russia as a champion in anything. Nor do
we believe that the Western nations desire that Russia
be promoted to the mastery of the world as will be the
case if she annex China. The Russian system of govern
ment is less desirable than the Chinese and still less de
sirable than the Japanese. If China follow the civilized
lead of Japan her reformers and intelligent statesmen will
take the lead and the people will be trained in the opera
tion of representative government and institutions. But
if China become Russian the administration will be worse
than now. Surely there is nothing in the government of
European Russia that the nations with parliaments and
systems of jurisprudence desire to copy.
Russian reform is. out of the question. The autocracy
under the thumb of the Holy Synod has stubbornly with
stood all pressure for reform. The brains of Russia, rep
resented by Tolstoi, are under the ban. Not content
with political persecution, the Holy Synod assumes to
shut Russian intelligence out of heaven by the solemn
process of excommunication from the orthodox church.
Russia in no way represents the civilization, the intelli
gence, the civic institutions, the aspirations or religious
liberty of the white race and Americans will repudiate
at once any such pretense.
Our dispatches from Peking and St. Petersburg give in
detail the effrontery of the measures which Russia pro
poses as preliminary to the military annexation of China.
It is among the world's moral emergencies. What has
the yellow race done that calls for a white race cham
pion against it? The yellow races are not threatening
white race territory with conquest. They are not in arms
against the Western powers. They are recognized as
members of the family of nations and are represented by
Ministers to all the leading governments. They are in
treaty relations with the rest of the world and in Japan
have a civilization higher and in all respects better than
•that of Russia. *
Races, nations and peoples need a champion when they
are in peril, when their rights are in danger and their
liberty is threatened. None of the white races is in this
condition. It is impossible for the yellow races to injure
them. What the white races want is that all of the yel
low men work out their civilized salvation as the Japan
ese have done. Then their progress will begin, their
wants will increase as they rise in the scale and their
trade will invite only the commercial competition of .the
white nations.
Russia is conducting in this country a hot propaganda
for sympathy. The incidents in the history of our Civil
War are being made much of. One gentleman remem
bers that the Czar told him that if England had recog
nized the Confederacy he would have instantly declared
war against Great Britain. That has all the elements of
a fairy tale. But taking it for the truth what is the prece
dent it establishes? English recognition of the Confeder
acy would have been a move for the dismemberment of
the United States. If the Czar told the truth about the
state policy of Russia, a Russian declaration . of war
against China now would be exactly what English recog
nition of the Confederacy would have been in 1862. As
THE British conquest of India was openly andfrank
ly commercial. The peninsula had been for ages
under alien masters. The Hindoos had paid but lit
tle attention to the defensive arts and were overrun in
turn by the stronger races. The Mahometan conquest,
made by the descendants of Tamerlane, established the
Mogul Empire which the English overthrew. Begun by
the East India Company as a "commercial enterprise en
tirely, since the British Government took administration
away from the company it is believed that the English
have beeh the best masters that have ever ruled India.
Anyway there was no pretense 1 of race championship or
philanthropy about it and England has had to stand crit
icism of her methods from qt^te another point of view..
The Russian conquests that have at last crossed Asia
are equally commercial. " They are equally . in
their motives and have been pushed with equal or greater
inhumanity toward the weak peoples that have been
ridden down by the Cossacks. There is no reason to be
lieve that humanity has had any more part in them than
in the wars of Genghis Khan and Tamerlane. But now
Russia assumes a philanthropic attitude and desires to
pose as the champion of the white race against the yel
low, and makes this appeal to race prejudice to cover a
declaration of war upon China. To this end the nagging
goes on.
She was a wee bit .of a tot, curly
headed and 'not a whit frightened by
the big policeman who guided her gen
tly into, the captain's offlc€.
"I picked her up on Kearny : street,"
said the bluecoat to the captain, who
took the little toddler in his arms. .
"What's your name, baby?" kindly
queried the officer.
"Mamma calls me 'Golden Locks,' "
piped the pretty child, "but mamma's
gone away. They took her away last
night and* they said she's gone to
heaven," prattled the baby. "But she
never said 'good night' to me and I
couldn't sleep all night, and when
morning came I dess went out to find
mamma. I'm awful
'¦:¦, The motherless child laid her head
on the captain's shoulder and was
asleep, while a great big honest tear
rolled down the sympathetic police
man's cheek.
Her Quest.
The plans matured and discussed, at
least in the Senate, without dissent, as
a thing practically agreed upon, con
templates the purchase of the exten
sive triangle between the mall and
Pennsylvania avenue from the Botanic
Gardens — which face the Capitol
gTounds— to the Treasury, at Fifteenth
street. The shabby structures that
front the avenue on the south side for
nearly this whole distance are to be
replaced by great public buildings, as
they may be required, and constructed
for the Federal or district Govern
ment. The buildings are to be given a
beautiful setting of green, back from
the thoroughfare, and with ample
room. In their mind's eye the Sena
tors who discuss these plans see in the
Pennsylvania avenue of the future the
noblest highway In the world. There
is on the south side of the avenue now
the postoffice building and the new
municipal building is to be placed
there. And there a place for the pro
posed new State Department building
will undoubtedly be found in spite of
all efforts to add it to the group of
department buildings about the White
House. For not only does the majority
look to it that the proposed new build
ings shall be architecturally creditable
to the capital of the greatest nation,
but that their location shall be chosen
to lend every possible charm.
This was contemplated In the original
plans of the city as prepared by
L'Erifant. In the plan as elaborated
by the Park Commission, a sweep of
lawn stretches 300 feet wide down this
vista, bordered by trees to 4 width
of the capitol and the evident neces-
Between this and the line of public
buildingrs which it is designed shall
ultimately fringe each side of the mall
14 5 feet each side is reserved for
drives and walks, making a total width
of the mall of S90 feet, extending in a
direct line west from* the capitol to
the monument
nation. Millions are contemplated In
the plans for improvements now before
Congress, j I said two measures had
passed, each one house of Congress;
that would "seem to confirm Washington
as the capital to the end of the life
of the nation. The Senate measure re-'
ferred to carries no dollar of appropria
tion with it, but is the forerunner of
a sweeping Improvement. It is the
Newlands bill, making it unlawful to
construct a building within 445 feet on
each side of a line drawn from the
center of the dome of the capitol to
the apex of the Washington monu
ment. The Agricultural Department
had selected a site for its new build
ing within this line and the bill is in
tended to prevent its location there
and to estop any future plans within
the area being formed. The purpose
of the bill is to guarantee a grand
vista from the west front of the cap
itol down the mall to the monument.
to fall/in behind the President, who has done more for
the; canal in four months than others had done in a hun
dred and fifty years.
Next Governor Hogg wants to be assured that Judge
Parker will immediately, admit the Philippines as States
of this Union or as Ian- alternative , surrender them en
tirely. Npw all this in the ' face j of the fact that in 1898!
Mr. Hearst was whooping over the longest leased wire
in the world, "Nail the flag to the Philippines! Nail it."
This he printed at the top of what he considers the most
impressive page in all his newspapers in all kinds of type,
and all kinds of colors! He roasted President McKinley
for not nailing the flag fast enough to those islands, and
his American soul raged in his ribs on that account.
He abused the President roundly and continuously, de
claring that he had not American sand enough to take
the Philippines. ;•;¦- ,;-./•¦;
/Does Hogg know this? Or has Mr. Hearst changed
and has he a claw hammer up his sleeve to pull, out the
nails and let the flag down? At a time when the country
had very conservative ideas about the Philippines, and
doubted the wisdom of their permanent occupation, Mr.
Hearst was telling how Jeffers'on would have, stuffed
them in Uncle Sam's pocket, and Mr. Bryan was coaching
Democratic Senators. to vote for their acquisition. What
followed, followed, and no man can yet say what our
permanent relation to those- islands is to be, except that
the people will never permit their incorporation into our
body politic. , •
So between Hearst and Hogg, Parker and Hill the
whole Democratic- situation suggests the muddle that will
muss the affairs of the country if that party take control.
RUSSIA AS A CHAMPION.
Special. Information supplied daily to
business ; houses and ', public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
•iornla street. Telephone Main 1042. • ;>
<< Townsend's California Glace fruits and
choice candles. . In artistic fire-etched
boxes A nice present for Eastern friends.
,716, Market strect.above Call building •
GOTHAM— B., Vallejo, CaL Gotham
is a parish In Nottinghamshire, Eng
land." When King John proposed vis
iting that place with the view of pur
chasing a castle and grounds there, and
sent messengers * to the place tv pre
pare for his reception, the people, un
willing to support the additional.ex
pense of a 'royal estate, engaged with
common accord in all manner of idiotic
pursuits.', The messengers reported the
place full of foc-ls hnd the royal project
was abandoned. Afterward the people
remarked that more fools passed
through .Gotham than remained in it,
and In time the people of that place
became" known as "the , s wlse men of
Gotham." Subsequently "a wise men
of Gotham" became synonymous for
"a fool." In "Salmagundi," a humor
ous/work by Washington Irving, his
brother William and' James K. Spauld
ing, the name Gotham was applied to
NewTork'and the people called. Goth-^
amites, to suit the purpose of the au
thors in representing the Inhabitants as
given, to undue. pretension to wisdom.
LICENSE— N. N., City. If an agent
solicits orders . for books to be deliv
ered, at a future time by the house he
represents he is not required to pay a
license, but if he goes from house to
he-use and sejls books outright he be
comes a peddjer and Is required to have
a license. A peddler must have a license
if he g'oes from house to house offer
ing to sell goods of his own or any
body else's manufacture.
INSTITUTE OF ART— B., Vallejo,
Cal. The Mark Hopkins building, now
known as the Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art, was donated to the University
of California by Edward F. <£earles
February 27, 1893.-r- '
THE RIO^B., Vallejo, Cal. The
steamer Rio de Janeiro sank in the
bay of San Francisco, as she waa in
side the "heads," designated by an
imaginary line from Point Lobos to
Point Bonita. ¦-•*,:»¦
ZION CITT— Subscriber, City. Zion
City, the one built by Dowie, is in
Cook County, 111., near Chicago.
BEST HARBOR— A Subscriber. City.
San Francisco is the best harbor of
California.
Answers to Queries.
With a smile of gratification the pris
oner turned on his heel in the dock and
bowed to his prosecutor. "Good day,
constable," he said. — Boston Transcript.
A citizen of Holland recently had the
temerity to call a constable a monkey—
a form of untruth which is not per*
mltted there. He was arrested, and, on
being brought before the Judge,
charged with "insulting the police,"
he was sentenced to forty-flve days'
imprisonment. Before being removed
he turned to address the court.
"Then I mustn't call a constable a
monkey?" he said.
"Certainly not; you must not insult
the police."
The culprit reflected. "May -I call a
monkey a constable?'.' he asked, with
a flash of genius.
The Judge shrugged hi» shoulders
and holding no brief for the animal he
replied, "If it gives you any satisfac
tion."
The Cat and the King.
It may not be generally known that
Petrarch (1304-1374) was a collector of
ancient coins. It is said that, .during
his sojourn in Rome peasants would
bring him old coins, and that he would
decipher, the names of thei different em
perors engraved upon them. Petrarch
presented his collection to the Emperor
Charles IV, the first of the many
Kings addicted to the study of ancient
coins, the next century King Alfon
so V of Aragon (1442-1458) used to car
ry about with him on his Journeys from
Spain to his kingdom of Naples and
Sicily his fine collection of Greek and
Roman coins, encased in an ivory cab
inet, and he often said that the sight
of those coins acted upon him as a pow
erful incentive to imitate the virtues
of' those whose names they bore. The
Emperor Maximilian I laid the founda
tion at Vienna of the Imperial numis
matic collection still preserved there.
This study had peculiar attractions for
French Kings also. Francis I, Henry
II and Charles IX owned fine collec
tions, to which Catherine de Medicis
(1533) contributed.
Kings and Their Coins.
at Paris to Induce the King and Queen
of Italy to stop ove.r at Brussels on
their return from staying with Ed
ward VII at Windsor last autumn,
and it will have been noticed that,
although Leopold made elaborate
preparations to welcome Emperor
William at Antwerp on the occasion
of the: latter 's trip from Bremen to
the Mediterranean, yet the Kaiser
passed by without touching at any
Belgian port. Nor has King Edward
visited the Court .of Brussels once
since his accession, although Leopold
is a former friend and a very near
relative, as which, indeed, he attended
in person the obsequies of Queen Vic
toria.
/HE SAN FRANCISCO., GALL; /rUESDAy/APRILl 12, 1904:
TH t E "SAN FJRAISICISGQ 0ABL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . . ... .. V, ; Address AUCommanicatioas to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publlcatfou Office <^^s£&^ :> .....'• Third and Market Streets, S. F.
Tuesday...... ........................:................:....:....... ...... ::..... !..;... april ii 1904
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESHills Bros. f ,;"Afabian • Roast* is \ In ; sealed
Dackages,; always J fresh, always ; good. ) * ¦
Insolvent ; Miner.
G. Kartschoke, a miner , . of San
Francisco,', filed a', peti tlbri- in. insol
vency i yesterday. He \ owes \ $ 9 9 3 5 i and
has $3000; assets. ;.} v . : ' * "?,
The order appointing W. A. Ambrose
receiver of the Columbian Bowling. As
sociation was set aside by Judge Mu
rasky yesterday and ; he was directed
to turn over the effects of the corpor
ation to the officers of the concern".
Ambrose was appointed at the time the
association filed a suit for an account
ing against A. E. Clark, • manager of
the alleys.
Court Removes Ambrose.
.: Burglars are again active "In Berkeley,
but.it is to Joe hoped that theyvw 111 >oon
be carefully housed ;Whero ,they can ¦ give
no further trouble. * Buy a v gas range
from the San » Francisco ; Gas - and Elec
tric Company.'415. Postrstreet.-"- ' ¦• r
Mrs. C. E. Watkins notified Coroner
Leland . yesterday that J. B. \ Monnin,
her. father,- had been missing: since last
Friday -and that' the family had^beeri
unable to get any , tidings of him'.'?' Mr;
Monnin is 70 years' of agre.V .
J. : B. Monnln Lost.
"When you. go Kast. go by the direct route,"
the best all the time, but never better than in
the spring. ; Take a clean, cool, ' eaiy>ridlngr
tourlet car over the Southern and Union Paclflo
direct to Chicago without change. • Call on or
write S. F. Booth, General Agent. U.'P. Rr-R.,
1 Montgomery »t. ¦-" ¦¦..., .-, ;.:• , •
Dop't Make a False. Start.
N. W. Welch, Superintendent of
Public" Instruction in the State of
Montana, has made inquiry of Coroner
Leland as to the whereabouts of his
son, Oscar Thoburn Welch, and of
fers a reward of $50*for information
that will place him In communication
with the lad. Superintendent Welch
says that the young man has lately
fallen heir to an estate in Texas and
it is necessary that ?he' should be lo
cated in order to settle the estate. The
boy was at Point Richmond on Sep
tember 30 of last year and at Los An
geles on October 10. He is 18 years
of age, five feet seven inches tall, 125
pounds weight, full face, short nose,
large blue eyes and very curly medi
um brown hair.
Oscar Thulium Welch Missing.
A meeting of the Cap and Bells will
be held at the residence of Mrs. A. C.
Freeman, 3034 Washington street, at
2:30 p. m.,V Thursday, April 14, ; Instead
of Wednesday, as announced.
• * •
Mr. and Mrs. N. C- Goodwin have
taken a house in Mill -Valley. ' Mrs.
Goodwin Is a , daughter of Fulton G.
Berry, -one of the famous wits of Call-
• ; • • •
Crosby. Mrs. Crosby has been In New
York since autumn, and she -will "be
given a warm welcome when she re
turns. ' - '•?& "^\j;:l i :
The Orman empire has appointed
commercial experts at St. Petersburg,
New York, Buenos Ajtcs, Valparaiso,
Shanghai. Fydney. New South Wales,
Pretoria and Constantinople.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces an examina
tion on April 30 to secure eligibles
from which to make certification to
fill a vacancy in the position of band
instructor (male) at the Riverside
School. California, at $600 per annum,
and another vacancy in this position
at the Phoenix School, Arizona, at
$720 per annum, and other similar va
cancies as they may occur; age limit,
20 years or over. Apply to the United
States Civil Service Commission,
Washington, D. C, or at the office of
the local board of examiners, 301
Jackson etreet, San Francisco, for ap
plication form 1312, which should be
properly executed and filed with -the
commission at Washington prior* to
Ihe hour of closing business on April
20.
Jobs for Band Leaders.
Issues License for Xcw Bank.
The State-Board of Bank Commis
sioners issued a license yesterday for
the- establishment of the Home Savings
Bank at Los Angeles. The authorized
capital of the new institution is $200,000,
half of which Is paid up. R. J. Waters
is president of the bank and O. J. Wig
dad secretary and cashier.
The will of Abraham Green, which
jof an estate estimated to be
worth more than $200,000, was filed for
probate yesterday. The testator leaves
$1000 to his niece, Dora Levkowitz of
Germany, $500 each to the Hebrew
Home for Orphans and the Hebrew
Home for Aged Disabled, all his insur
ance money and promissory notes to
his daughter Mabel and the residue of
his estate to his other children, Walter
Green, Martha Van VHet and Florence
Isaacs.
Will of Abraham Green.
The west wind that Professor McAdie
sighted from the top of the Mills build
ing last Friday night arrived yesterday
afternoon and afforded the promised re
lief to sweltering San Francisco. The
weather clerk asserts that the advent
of the breeze marks the end of the hot
epell. He is considerate enough, also,
to allow the pleasant weather to con
tinue.
The temperature rose to 83 degrees in
the shade yesterday at 2 o'clock, but
fell rapidly thereafter. Before 5 o'clock
the mercury had dropped to TO degrees.
McAdie says the agricultural dis
tricts are in need of rain. That surely
is intricate science for ordinary mortals
that have lived in California during the
last two months and think there has
been nearly enough w«t weather to
make th«» summit of Mount Tamalpais
an island.
Cnol, clear weather is the prediction
for to-day.
Professor McAdie of Ixjcal Weather
Bureau Shows That Ills Judgment
Was Not Mistaken.
wind sighted FRIDAY
MARES ITS APPEARANCE
Judge Alford W. Cooley of Michi
gan, a member of the United States
Civil Service Commission, is expected
here on the 12th of this month to ex
amine into the manner In which civil
service affaiA are conducted in the
Federal department in this city. The
revenue cutter Golden Gate will be
placed at the disposal of the distin
guished visitor for the purpose of ex
amining various points of interest
around the bay-
Lieutenant H. L. Roosevelt and wife
are expected to arrive by the Sheridan
on the 14th. Collector Stratton will
place the revenue cutter Golden Gate
at their sendee and Major Devoll will
tender them the use of the Slocum.
On the 16th of this month, when
Prince Pu Lun of the Imperial family
of China arrives on the steamship
Gaelic he will be received in person
by Customs Collector Stratton, who
will represent the Secretary of the
Treasury, and extend to the distin
guished Oriental and his suite of fif
teen all the courtesies usual in such
capes.
Collector Stratton Is Preparing to Re
ceive Judse Cooley, Lieut. Roose
velt and a Chinese Prince.
DISTINGUISIIKD PEOPLE
KXPKCTED HEHE SHORTLY
Miss Lou Crosby left a short time
aso to join her mother, Mrs. Arthur
Mrs. J. E. Alexander left on Satur
day^ the 9 th,_f or ; a - Jaunt . to the ". East
She will be away only a few weeks.
• • •
And now comes an Interesting con
test- It IS nothing more nor less than
the auto versus the horse. San Rafael
has long been noted for Its beautiful
horses and stunning turnouts. Oh a
summer day as the afternoon trains
arrive from the city the railway sta
tions in San Rafael and Ross almost
equal a horse show or a "society cir
cus." But the progressive auto is scat
tering dismay and discord amcmg : the
horses. and their conservative -patrons.
Scores of auto lovers will spend the
summer in San Rafael and take advan
tage of the fine Marln .roads; if the
strict and famous Marln ."automobile
ordinance" is to be modified. If it is
not to be, the auto enthusiasts will take
themselves and their machines else
where, , leaving the old-time thorough
bred and his" conservative owner>; to
revel unmolested in. the beauties of the
Marln country roads. Time will reveal
the outcome— and a very short time, at
that.
Mrs. A. E. Kent of Kentfield has
just returned from the southland. Mrs.
Kent will probably soon be jaunting off
to Tahoe; for she, like many, others,
has been building a summer home near
the beautiful mountain lake. " :
• . * •
San Rafael will miss Mr. "and Mrs.
W. S. Leake this season. For the last
two years the Leakes have summered
in San Rafael, but they. have trans
ferred their affections to the valley.
They are. building near the Dibblee
bungalow, between Ross and San An
selmo. And, by the way, that Dibblee
bungalow— it Is a gem, worth going
miles to sec. -
The J. A. Bucks have returned to
their San Rafael home. The old Syd
ney Smith place, with its spacious
lnwns and splendid old -trees, is now
the home ot the Bucks.
San Rafael is merry with the spring
time. Already the gay tones of the
tally-ho horn are mingling with the
notes of the spring birds, and gay
maids and young matrons are dis
carding their hats and acquiring the
foundation layers of their summer
coats of tan. Glorious sunshine and
pure air are drawing to their country
homos those that have wintered in the
city. Among the first to return to San
Rafael were the George Heazeltbns.
What a striking personality * is pos
sessed by Mrs. Heazleton.
The wedding to-morrow night of
Miss Florence Callaghan and Vincent
de Laveaga will be a well-appointed
home affair. Archbishop Riordan will
perform the ceremony, and the bride
will be attended by dainty Miss Mabel
Hogg, the only maid in the party.
Mrs. Albert Woodburn Scott of 303
Buchanan street will be at home on
the first and second Fridays in May.
Where is he with the temerity to
question the love of the feminine
smart set— of course, no one questions
the male affinity— for delving Into the
higher problems of life, into ethics,
economics and other personal intrica
cies — for, note the attendance at the
Griggs lecture on Friday afternoon,
when the vaporous subject, "Pierre
Loti, the Sensitive Dreamer," was pre
sented by the eminent ethiclst. And
now, behold the demand for seats for
Saturday morning's lecture, "Marie
Bashkirtseff, a Woman's Problem," to
be given as was the last, in the par
lors of the Unitarian church, under
the auspices of the Channing Auxiliary.
SANTIAGO DE' CHILE, April 11.— The
Chilean political situation remains unchanged.
No new Ministry has been formed. .
The Artificial Lights Committee was
to have met to consider the matter of
fixing gas rates? but as the representa
tives of the San Francisco Gas Com
pany did not put in an appearance
Chairman Sanderson adjourned the
meeting until next Monday. The com
pany had submitted a new statement
relative to the cost of manufacturing
gas as a reason for the adoption of a
rate in excess of 90 cents, which the
committee recommends but the board
has refused to pass.
The Mayor was . empowered to ap
point a committee of twenty-four citi
zents to act as a "Memorial Day Com*
mittee." and the appropriation of $500
pet apart in the budget for the ob
servance of Memorial Day was author
ized.
The Board of Works was directed by
the Board of Supervisors yesterday to
grade, fence and macadamize the
roadway of Nineteenth avenue from
Trocadero culvert to Ocean avenue, at
a cost of $2500, in accordance with the
conditions imposed by the Spring Val
ley Water Company, which donated the
land for the purpose.
Emma L. Merritt, executrix of the
will of Adolph Sutro, petitioned the
board to pass a resolution removing
Dewey boulevard from the official city
map. The land had been conveyed to
the city under certain conditions for
the construction of the boulevard, but
the city did not comply with the con
ditions and the land was forfeited to
the estate. Now the Assessor declines
to assess the property to the Sutro es
tate because the boulevard Is still de
lineated on the map as a public* high
way. The petition was referred to the
Judiciary Committee.
Bills were finally passed authorizing
the payment of $99,475 to the Hobbs
estate, paid on an erroneous assess
ment on non-taxable bonds: ordering
street and sidewalk work on Pacific
avenue, between Webster and Fillmore
streets: Twenty-seventh street between
Guerrero and Dolores; Green street be
tween Stelner and Pierce: J street
near Eleventh avenue and Turk street
between Baker and Lyon streets; con
ditionally accepting White place, and
accepting a deed to land for the open
ing of Devisadero street from Duboce
avenue to Fourteenth street.
GRIGGS' LECTURE
ATTRACTIVE TO
SOCIETY FOLK
Boxton made the motion to post
pone, claiming that he had not had
time to inquire into the matter. Comte
wanted immediate action, saying:
"Postponement will only result In a
lot of gamblers appearing before the
board to protest against the measure."
The ordinance prohibiting the use of
buildings for immoral purposes was
passed to print.
The board adjourned to meet on
some night In April to be hereafter
designated, for the purpose of tend
ering an official reception to Alford
W. Cooley, United States Civil Service
Commissioner, and EIHot H. Goodwin,
secretary of the National Civil Service
Reform League, who are touring the
Western cities on official business. The
resolution on the subject recites: "The
policy of the government of San Fran
cisco as expressed In its charter is to
foster and encourage the principles of
civil service reform."
¦* f.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
laid over for one week the proposed
amended ordinance making It unlawful
to sell or buy pools or make books or
receive as principal or agent any bet
or wager whereby money is staked, or
pledged on horse races except within
the inclosure of the race track. The
amendment is designed to put a stop
to pool selling in cigar stores, the pro
prietors- escaping conviction under the
present ordinance on the plea that the
money is not wagered in this city, but
is sent to Oakland.
The proposed resolution directing the
City Attorney to dismiss the case of
Victor Albouze against the ci£y for the
condemnation of lands for St. Marys
Square -was rereferred to the Finance
Committee on the advice of the City
Atto.ney.
The board ordered the performance of
street work on Hermann street, be
tween Laguna and Market, and on I
street, between Seventeenth and Eight
eenth avenues, and - on Eighteenth
street, between Clover alley and
Danvers street.
It was agreed that the Supervisors
and interested citizens meet next Sun
day at 10 aAm. at Eighth and Market
streets to inspect the district affected
by the proposed extension of the "two
cow" limits, f .
D. M. Wright, a member of the park
band, was subjected to a rigid cross
questioning by the Finance Committee
regarding his bill of $280 ror sheet, mu-
Blc furnished to the band. It was re
ported that the music could be pur
chased for $210. Paybt expressed the
opinion that the city should riot be
compelled to pay for the music on the
same principle that a carpenter is not
paid for his tools when he does work.
It also developed that the music had
been purchased by Wright without con
sulting the Finance Committee. After
cutting the demand down to $210 the
committee informed Wright that he
must appear before the committee in
future when he desired to purchase
music. .
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
yesterday notified the Board of Health
that in future it will not pay any bills
contracted by health officials for trans
portation unless the officials devote all
of their time , to the business . of the
city. Action was taken on the request
of the Health Board that bills for
buggy hire at the rate of $30 a month
be paid for the health officer and one
of the city physicians. Under this rul
ing certain employes In the Health De
partment will have to pay for their own
transportation.
Fire Commissioner Parry strongly
denounced the Spring Valley Water
Company for refusing to aid in the
matter of better fire protection, say
ing it should not expect to be paid in
terest on work which would not be
done for a year. The Supervisors,
however, held that the company could
not be compelled to lay the mains and
set the hydrants. Supervisor d'Ancona
thought the company should expend
$250,000 of the money spent on its
Alameda system to give this city bet
ter fire protection. : Chairman -Bran?
denstein said ' that the - only _ thing to
do is to go ahead on the proposed
auxiliary salt water -system, for which
the Board of Public Works will short
ly submit plans and estimates of cost.
The. matter is now in the hands of a
special committee, consisting, of the
Fire . Commissioners and Assistant
Chief Dougherty, to ascertain through
experts the cost of installing the sys
tem in the downtown district.
The proposed amendment to the
building ordinance to limit the height
of buildings in the lodging-house dis
trict" to three stories, which was rec
ommended by the Fire Department
as an additional fire precaution, was
laid over for two weeks.
The committee decided not to re
insure the Harbor Police station. ¦
The cost of this work, exclusive of setting
the hydrants, will be close to $250,000. The
amount of pipe necessary has a length of six
teen miles. The revenue which you offer for
this permanent Investment is $1 per. hydrant
per month, or a total of $3840 per annum. This
will produce i 54-100 per cent per annum gross
revenue, while. In order to meet our annual
Interest and taxes and operating expenses per
taining to this investment, the Income should
be ¥20,000 per annum continuously.
It is apparent, from these figrures, that the
company is not Justified in performing the work
requested upon the revenue offered. We have
already set' ten miles of pipe, and propose to
lay 1&.000 feet on Mason, Taylor and Shrader
streets, on which fUty-three hydrants will be
set. Before more hydrants are set on pipes
over eight inches in diameter larger sums for
setting than at present allowed should be
agreed upon.
The Spring Valley Water Company
filed a 'communication stating that it
would be unable to comply with the
recommendation of. the Chief Engi
neer of the Fire Department that
mains be laid for 320 additional fire
hydrants. The communication says:
The extension was agreed upon by
the Fire Commissioners and the Fire
Underwriters at a previous meeting
and the matter was discussed at a con
ference held just before the Board* of
Supervisors met. Formal recom
mendation for the extension of the
fire limits was then made by the Fire
Commissioners.
The recommendation of the joint
Fire and Finance Committee that the
fire limits be extended on a line 137:6
feet north of Pine street, from Stock
ton to the easterly line of "Van Ness
avenue, thence to Market. street; also
to . include the block bounded -by
Steuart, East, Howard and Folsom
streets, was adopted by the Board of
Supervisors yesterday. Ah ordinance
to that effect was passed to print by a
unanimous vote. .
The poundkeeper was immediately
notified, but on the arrival of the wagon
the docs, with the exception of four,
mysteriously disappeared. Upon search
by the poundman one dog was
found dead, chained to his kennel, and
several others lying around the hills.
Ohmeyer saj-s he knew nothing of the
dogs* condition and that he always
cared well for them.
When approac-hed by a newspaper
man Ohmeyer turned and ran through
the Ingle?ide track. After a chase of
over a mile he was overhauled and ad
mitted that he owed many people and
that he doos not know how he can pay
thorn.
The Donald McRae Company seized
the furniture.
Ohmeyer's troubles did not end with
the Sheriff's interference. Secretary
Holbrook of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Animals got wind
ot a. story that a number of once val
uable dogs were being starved to death
end that others had already died from
the same cause. He notified Ohmeyer
one day last week that unless the ani
mals were Immediately cared for a
charge of cruelty would be placed
against him. Ohmeyer promised to look
efter them, but a second report reached
Holbrook Saturday evening that an
other dog had died and that twenty
more were roaming the hills near the
Ohmeyer resort practically starving.
Upon the arrival of the Deputy Sher
iffs yesterday afternoon Deputy Gal
land threw several pieces of fat that
were found In the kitchen at them.
They fought and tore at one another
in their eagerness to get at the food
end ate the rolled oats, sour milk and
vegetables that were found on the
place.
The furniture has not been paid for,
however, nor has the rent reached the
Sutro estate. Accordingly yesterday
afternoon a posse of Deputy Sheriffs
eeized the resort and it was not long
before the entire outfit of furniture and
utensils were piled in the street.
The cruel treatment and starvation
of a dozen or more blooded dops was
exposed when deputies from the Sher
iff's office attached the Forest restau
rant and saloon near the Ingleside race
track yesterday afternoon.
A- Ohmeyer, proprietor of the resort,
opened his place last January, with
the view to serving parties with elab
orate dinners and rare wines. From
the Donald MoRae Furniture Company
he got credit for an extensive assort
ment of chairs, tables and other dining
room appointments.
Board to Meet Two Civil
Service Officials Who Are
on a Visit to This City
Sutro Estate Asks That Dew
ey Boulevard Be Expunged
From the Official City Map
Finance Committee Thinks
Bill for Sheet Music for
Park Band Much Too High
Spring Valley Company De
clines to Aid in Protec
tion Against Conflagration
A. Ohmeyer. Proprietor, Is
Found to Have Maltreated
3Ianv of His Canines
WANTS THE LAND BACK
TO TENDER RECEPTION
DEMAND IS CUT DOWN
REFUSES TO LAY MAINS
VALUABLE DOGS STARVE
Health Officials Must Give
All Their Time to City to
Enjoy; Free Buggy Hire
Supervisors Postpone Action
on .the Measure to Stop
Agents From Placing Bets
Board of Supervisors Passes
to Print Bill Recommend
ed by the Commissioners
Bestaurant Near Ingleside
Kacetrack Is Attached
by a Posse of Sheriffs
Supervisors Order Improve
ment of Nineteenth. Ave
nue From Trocadero Gulch
POOL-SELLING
BILL DEFERRED
SUPERVISORS
DRAW THE LINE
FIRE LIMITS
ARE EXTENDED
SUTRO HEIRS
SEIZE RESORT
THOROUGHFARE
TO BE OPENED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, APRIL 12, 190*,
MATTERS OF INTEREST BEFORE THE SUPERVISORS
9
ADVEBTISEMENTS*.
It is a wonde>f ul soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's ; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none. . £¦*
What is bad soap ?> I m-
perfectly made; the fat
and alkali not well bal-
anced or hot combined. >
What is good soap ?
Pears'.
Sold all over the •world.
O^^sy^^k^sV^^sv'^^^^Q^^^Q
() VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT f
fMUSEUM OF ANATOMYf
A Qk 1051 kUBZST ST. t*t. 8'h*7th, S.T.Cil Q
\ - .cl^ ' The L»rr r«t Aiulomical Museum In the \
O nil b\|m Wo»ld- Wcmkbeuet •r.»ny contricttil A
£ IGIIh <>i»«Me »»«MI»«ly««redhylheoUeit T
0 IEJbI '"P 6 "*"" on lhe Cou - Eit. 36 r «ri. A
A flQKfi On. JORDAN-D!SEASES OF MEN A
\ ¦d^jBrpI Con«u!t»tioB free and strictly prlrate. \
0 M iSff I TrtMtmcnt p«r»on»liy or bjr lelltr. A A
\ B ! \f «3l ¦ jPe«f «•• Omr* ia every casa undertaken. - " \
AF I > ||A ' Write for Book.rwi.0SOPKT.rA
\ y, »»ln»bl» book for mm) •¦: - " ... • .. ; ; \
V OB. JonPAN Jfc CO., 1051 Marfctt St.. S. F. Q
Pai^irft Doirt fail to
laiayjy • beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/•tlfl room, the EMPIRE
ttUI » PARLORv th«
>» i-iJ PALM ROOM, tho
itrnnd louis xv par-
KT iki^ DIES' WRITING
Hotels I room-
— -——-— — 7— "T— . . ,.. ¦¦• • __.-'.;. ¦••¦¦.. ¦.•:
'¦ 1 ATUtl '» T " " ta y Cured. • Cause rs-
/l\ I fl (VI l\ moved. Health restored
rlV-sM II » lr» No more Asthma or Hay
.-. ;.. , . . — : -''_^,-'- r,.; Fever. >': Book • 60 •-..Frt*
(>UKtD P. t6 HAROLD HATES.
""-''r ¦ ¦- ¦¦ ¦ - Buffalo. N. Y."- -
.- ;. % ':¦ AMUSEMENTS. <; : v • ' . ¦: • ¦''
MAJESTIC THEATER
MARKET, ST. ...'::. . . . '. . . i . . . .OPP. - LAKKIN
Opening Monday, april IB.
ISABEL IRVING
. (DIrectitin 1 JAMES K. HACKKTT.) ,
In -Winston Churchill's ;Play,-
"THEBBISISV
SEAT SALE THURSD4Y AT SHERMAN,
, P2UCES-rf 1 50, |1,' feOc; . box seats, 12.
POSTUM CEB.EAL.
COFFEE
MAY BE
A 10 days' trial leaving
off coffee and using
Postvm Coffee '
will tell you a tale.
SURE
9 If it shows you what has been rob-
bing you of health, comfort and the
power to be something in this world,
you will have a'cue
WORTH WHILE
TRY IT
"There's a reason."
Get the little book "The Road to
tWellvillc/' in each pkg.
\ _"¦_.". . L J.__ ,; PATTOSIEITS. .'__»__.
EVERYTHING AT
YOUR OWN PRICE
Furniture
C&rpels
Come Early and Improve the Opportunity
=Wirile It, Lasts
This Week Ends It AU
PATTOSIEN'S
Cor. 16th and Mission Sts.
• AMUSEMENTS.
kULUaVllalA uumo hub
LAST 6 NIGHTS.
ilatlnee Saturday. Last time Sunday,
i in her greatest musical comedy success,
MAM'SELLE NAPOLEON
, The Handsomest Chorus In tha World.
• Catchy Song Hits Galore.
— BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY —
_ .—.THE POTTS COHANS.—.
and a company of seventy people In th«
musical farce, "Running for Office."
Seat sale begins Thursday.
! 1 VULI house-.
ONLY MATINEB SATURDAY
TO-NIGHT
EVERY NIGHT
Millocker's Delightful Comic Opera
MA
BRILLIANT
RCfiPAR TRIUMPH.
ULUUAri RECEIVED WITH
UlUULllI ENTHUSIASM.
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES— 25c. 50c. TOe.
Box and Mezzanine Seats, $1.00.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY
V LAST FIVE NIGHTS OF
MRS. FISKB
. To-Nlght, Wednesday, Thursday Nights
and Saturday Matinee,
A DOLL'S HOUSE
Preceded by /"A BIT OF OLD CHELSEA."
PBXSAT WIGHT — HEDDA OABLEB.
SATURDAY NIGHT— SPECIAL BILL.
Bsoxxnmro kextstjjti) ay matinee
KOLB AND DILL, BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE, a MAUD AMBER. HOPE
AND EMERSON, In "HOITY TOITY."
"Popular Prices — Seats Thursday.
alcazar^k-e;
General Manacer.
TO-NIGHT— MAT. SAT AND SUN.
First Alcasar Production of
* ¦ Pronson Howard's Best PUy
Aristocracy
A Comedy ' Depicting Society In.
San Francisco, London and New York
Erg., 2Sc to 75c; Mats. Eat. & Sun., 23c to 60c.
Next Monday— The Brilli.int Comedy.
THE FRISKY MRS. JOHNSON.
¦ ' By Clyde Fitch.
CENTRALS
Market street, near Eighth. Phone, South 533,
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
r MATINEES SATURDAY, AND SUNDAY. .
The Powerful 8ensat!onal Melodrama,'
IN THE HANDS
OF THE ENEMY
rt I"- f! - Panorama of 8outh American ScenesI
V L'L Th * ° ollS Mln ** of Bolivia!
Af f Thrilling Escape From Prison! .
II LL Battle for Llf« In Rnined Monastery!
™ A Great Play and a Brilliant Cast!
PPffpC Evenings. 10c. to 5Qc
IfllvCJ Matlnwj flOc., 15c. 25c.
Next— THE WHITE SQUADRON.*
A GREAT
Evtry Af teraoon and JSraoizur la Vxm .
t .„. Taeater. "
' ,¦ TAKE A RIDE ON THE \ '
¦MINIATURE ELECTRIC RAILROAD
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLIMES IN THE ZOQ
¦¦ VISIT. THE ' MYSTIC . MIRROR MAZX.
'"¦--^AMATKUIl NIGHT THURSDAY—
V; Admission. '10c; Children.; 5c. .
„ . When ¦ Pboninf Ask foc^Tao .Chute** -7
AMUSEMENTS.
A Big Banner Bill!
The Four 3Iortons; Edmund Day and
Company; Ellis-Nbwlan Trio; Flo
Adler; Blind Tom; pour Welsons;
Omar and Margina; James H. Cul-
len, and Orpheum Motion Pictures.
Regular matinees every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, 2So
and 50c.
CALIFORNIA
f3 ONE MORE WEEK. E&.
The fare* that baa made millions
McFADE>EN>S|
pi ATS fi
Entire Original Company as seen for E
200 night* In New York; 100 nights In I
Chicago. H
8 Don't miss the "Yellow Kids." fun- m
nk-5t littlo fellows you have ever seen. I
NEXT— ROSE COOHI^AN S
IN THE GREATEST THING IN g
B THE WORLD. B
IT'S I HARD
A.... I NXfkT »'ER
To ml»3 the best muaKal comedy
DON'T DO IT— COME BEE IT
8o Funny— So Brilliant
And filled to the brim with delightful music.
SPECIALTIES— NOVELTIES
RESERVED BEATS — Nights, 23c, 5Oc and
73c; Saturday and Sunday Matinees,' 25c and
60c: children at matinees, 10c and - 25c
RETURN TO PURE FUN
MONDAY, APRIL 18.
• -CHOW CHOW."
An uproariously funny burlesque.
Beats now on sale. . i . .
Schumann Heink
FAREWELL
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
t^'-'i AT 2:30.
TIVOLI OPERA HOUSE
ENTIRELY" NEW PROGRAMME.
POPULAR PRICES. ...
60c. $1. 11.50.
Scats at Sherman. Clay 4 Co.'i to-
morrow morning. ' -
Racing !§lB^flaciii!!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
JfEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB."
Racine Each Week: Da-./ Rain or Shin*. ¦
Six or More Races Daily.
Race* commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp. ¦¦.-*
For special trains stopping- at tha track tak*
fi/p Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12, 12:30.
1:00 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking in last two
cars,* which ar» reserved for ladles and th«lr
Returning train* '. leaT» ; traclcJ at 4 :10 and
4:45 and Immediately after the last race.
¦ THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, President '.
'< PERCY W. ¦ TREAT. Secretary. '¦/.'--. •
MISCELLANEOUS ; AMU SEME2TCS.
EIGHTH ANNUAL
.;;of.;thb\".
'San Francisco Kennel Club
...MECHANICS' PAVILION.;./
Wednesday,^ufsday, Friday and Saturday,
APRIL 13. 14. 15' and 16. t. V
Pacific '' Cat Club's showjon ] Friday, and Sat-
urday, 10 a.m. to 10:30 p.*m.-. , .:.-. -
. r- ¦. ADULTS. 50c ; CHILDREN, 23c. *..
iliillliiiiKid Goodman Gets { Decision.
PEORIAv: Ili;;'Xpril ; 1 1!-— Kid- Good
man .was given , the ;decisibn~ovef^Aus
tin ' Rice : at ; the ; end of a -ten-round
bout ; before T the Riverside "Athletic
Club to-night^ The, men were evenly
matched • and ') pu t'upVa^good contest,
boodmah winning on * points.' , " y
rirst * Race — Judge Voorhies, Tann
fcauser,\ Heslgned. . . . ,
¦ Second Race— Del Carina, Saccharate,
M. A. Powell. '• f •*
Third Race— Wig-gins, Toto Gratiot,
Montana Peeress. r :
, Pourth . Race— Mocerlto, Fowart, . Ca
nejo.'; ; ;; ; . ' : ,i.- ¦¦'-'-'-:;
V Pif th Race— Beau Onaonde, Peter J,'
Ishtar. \-y^f-'':i_/:'.
; Sixth Race— Rey Dare, X Know, Ro
earie. : -. ' : - .¦:¦.. : :-" . ;.- •¦¦- ~ ;: .;'
; NEW YORK. ! April i lir— Harris j Lindsley, : a
lawyer,* .i was >* appointed ,' third 2 deputy ,-; police
commissioner, by Folice... Commissioner Me-'
A«loo\ to-day. ¦ s
CHICAGO, &prilj ll.^-Jack^O'Keefe
of Chicago, was given 1'thel decision j)ver
Billy : Melody of tb*-night r af tef
six rounds -of fighting. ;' Neither; man
was ' hurt"_to any extent, but O'Keefe
had a margin in every round on clean
work."-'" ¦¦- 7'. "' . ¦ '-"'. ¦ ¦' ¦ — '
Jack O'Kcefe Defeats Mellody.
PROBABLE WINNERS.
6100 Saul of Tarsus (Wai*)""-." • .107
M48 Lozano (I>each) ...... . .".. . . . ; . . . . . . . .112
.... Mindano (Johnson) ." .102
Sixth race — One and a sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and. up; selling > •, ' :- -•
CCOS *Last Knight (Laniasney Bros.). . i . . .100
C18.1 *Axminster (Randall) ...^.r..'.".. 1 .. ...106
C550 Rey Dare (Nealon)- : ."; :v'.:V.;:r.".r..".105
C559.»Horton (Bianchi & Co.). .......... .103
Clfia 'I^Know (Burnell) .................. 05
(C509) Petrolia (McCarty) ...:.....:......:;.. 100
C875 Rosarie , (Chappell) - . . . .;.... 100
j 'Apprentice allowance.
BUTTE. Mont., April ,11. —Frank A.
Gotch, • champion wrestler of the
wcirld, defeated Tini \ Harrington, . a
local" man,' here to-night with ease.
Harrington ' is champion Cornish
wrestler c of the' world and won th^
first' fall in 3 minutes and : 54 seconds
at that style of '/wrestling. ; The sec
ond bout was catch-as-catch-can and
Gotch won 'this -easily In; 25 seconds.
The third fall was also catch-as-catch
can and Gotch 4 threw.; his man in 1
minute and 30 seconds...
Wrestler Gotch Still Champion.
"A. Rosella, against whom the Rauer
Law and Collection- Agency; recently
pecured a judgment for $130 in Judge
Lawlor's court, yesterday filed a; suit
to have the judgment set aside/ / He
claims it was fraudulently obtained.
He says he never authorized any one
to appear for him except Attorney
Klmball and that he does not know the
William Fowler who, according. to^the
records, represented him. . ,
Says He Is Victim of Fraud.
CONVICTED OF ROBBEP.T. — Charles John
son was convicted by a Jury la Judge Dunne's
court yesterday -on ». charge of robbery and
»M ordered to appear for sentence on Satur
day. He held up Ernest Huber at Flrrt and
Howard streets on the night of January IT and
took $3 50 from him. -
SUFFERED FROM ' PTOMAINE POISON
ING. — Edward Jones, residing *t 1724% Mar
ket street, was treated at the Emergency Hos
pital yesterday for ptomaine poisoning, brought
about by eating fish. Jones has been ailing
since last Friday. Finding himself getting
worse, r he applied at the hospital for treat
ment, after which he . was sent to the City
and . County - Hospital.
Frank Holmes, a seafaring: man,
while walking: along: Kearny street last
nigrht in the shadows of t>e twilight,
was held up and relieved of the con
tents of his purse, amounting to $4.
There la no clew to the thief.
lleld Up on Kcarny Street.
Fifth race — Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and up; puree . ¦ •• ¦ ¦ - ¦-.'
65R2 Flush of • Gold (Owan). ' . ;uo
6G07 Ishtar / (Josephs) ".:.......'...... r ..... 105
4641 St.*. George Jr. . (Ferguson).:.'. .'...V.. .100
B466 Beau Ormonde (Kripp). .....'...'...¦. .110
CC07 Ink- (Lamasney. Bros.) .'.;.. ..I:...-.*.". 115
5091 Gladys Bella; (Coffey) .... . ...:... . .v.105
.... Malwells . (Dayton) 1 .......;. ..•.•/.'.:;. 95
5539 Peter, J (Smith) -.: :...:. ...r............io7
r>R71 "Whoa Bill (Epplnger) ".V. ..~... ;;..."•. 100
6303 Egyptian :, Princess • (O'Rourke) ; no
rjii*9 Olympian (Schorr) , .......... .v. . . . rr.115
6260 Koni« (Garden City : Stable) ;;......%. no
Fourth race — One 'mile and seventy yards;
four-year-olds and up; selling.
6604 Boutonniere (Jones)' .................. .109
6593 Gold Finder (Lynch) 97
6594 Possart (Case) .......:....¦....;..... ..112
6001 Part. Master (McAlester) 102
GPS4 Augle (Smith) 97
6505 'Mocortto ( Wellman) .........:.. l n.">
K434 •tCaneJoOCIrk & Co.)..... :..".. 102
6002 'Florestan (Hayes) .;..."......... ... 07
6598 Watkins Overton (Knebelkamp)..'..... 97
6001 Cloche d'Or (Coffey) ........... ......100
r»fif*5«Merwan (Webb) 102
6598 Ripper (Lane) •. '...........-.. 97
tLo* Angeles: index 6503. "Los" Angeles In
dex 6588.
Third race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling. • ¦ . -
6554 Dungannon (Knebelkamp) ..02
GGOO Orchan (Edcewood Farm) 94
6594 'Montana Peeress • (Cottey) *\ 09
6604 Billy, Moore (Rector) .; .....106
6334 Mountebank (Keating) ....:........ lOfl
.6.V.5 The Bugaboo (Hpplnger) ............ 97
WW7 Constable (Stockton Stable) ........103
6520 Assessment (Xcal) '...'.. ...:.. 103
6502 »Pu5s In Boots (Joseph) *............ 92
6602 *Lady Atholing (McLaughlin) ...... !)0
(G57«)Educate (Chappeu).... 104
6T.03 Polonlus (Stewart & Co.) ......... .106
6536 Toto Gratiot (Wllkerson) ....... 106
(C0O2) Wiggins (McAllister & . Co.) 92
C5C1 tWaiter (Hayes) ..:.."..:;... v. .108
6570 tGlenrice (Justice) ............... ...101
tLos Angeles index.
• Second race— One half mile; two-year-olds;
selling.
6567 Velna (Van Gorden) 103
. . . . ' Bun Rose (Appleby) 103
Altaraaz — Sweet Rose.
0339 Bill Short (Dobson) 106
0555 "Del Carina (Smith) ..-....: 101
6099 Robert. Mitchell (Summers) ........100
6579 Mogregor (Bianchi & Co.) .....100
M>91 M. A. Powell (Jones) io<J
C495 Sileo (El Primero Stable) 100
6459 *Saccharate (Xapa Stock Farm) . ... 98
&763 Tarcoola Belle (San J.oaquln Stable). ..103
First race — Seven ' furlongs; three-year-olds
and up: selling.
6230 Mordent* (Stiver) . . . ." 97
6508 Louis Me (Devin) yo
C40O Arthur Ray (Clayton) 1 TWt
GS81 Varro (Miller) 09
6.154 Homeric (Judge) 83
6532 •Resigned (Macdonald) 83
0930 BrUsac (Markleln) 90
(6»5<)9)Harka (Wentworth & Lee) 02
6424 Benlash (Jeuness) kcj
C302 Charlie Schweizer (Blafiingame) 00
63C2 Orpheus (Coaltrr) 99
tiCOl Joe John (Lane) 99
O446 Lou Clieveden (McDowell) 97
C322 TannhauSer (Hayes) .\ 90
5420 t'Conger (Kirk & Co.) 94
ChV.t'J "Judge Voorhees (Murray) 97
1Los Angeles index G312.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
IUCYCLIST LOSES LIFE
. BY COLLISION WITH CAR
Former Baptist -Minister Mrcts Wftli
Accident While Riding in I.os
Anseles.
LOS ANGELES, April 11.— W. W.
Tinker, a former Baptist minister of
this city and for several years past a
real estate agent, collided with a street
car to-day at Thirteenth and Main
Flreets while he was riding a bicycle
end received injuries which caused
his death a short time later. He was
47 years of age and leaves a wife and
daughter.
Golden City Minstrels will- give
"one of their enjoyable entertainments
to-morrow evening at Native Sons'
Hall. The work of these amateurs lias
gained for them quite a reputation in
this city and their entertainment com
pares favorably with any of the pro
fessional minstrels who have visited
this city of late years. Following is a
list of the principal members of the
company who " will take part: Tambos
—Elton Lambert, Bill Vaughn, Joe
Brouders; bones — Syl Newman. Ed
Hogan. Guy Clayton; soloists — L. A.
Larsen, R. H. Hunt, F. J." Gianninl,
George Chenery; interlocutor, F. M.
Lawrence.
Jlinstrels Will Entertain.
A permit was granted to the Lincoln
Athletic Club for an amateur exhibi
tion on April 15 and one to the Hayes
Valley Athletic Club for one on April
22 by the Board of Supervisors yester
day. Supervisor d'Ancona's motion
that the resolutions be indefinitely
postponed .was defeated, receiving only
five votes in its favor.
D'Ancona thought the board should
not grant any -Jppre permits to 'ama
teur clubs in view of the fact that
evidence had; been; adduced that they
did not give genuine amateur contests.
Boxtori said that while he was opposed
to granting the -permits he had con
sented In the Police Committee to the
resolutions '¦ pending the Inquiry into
the charges of the Pacific Amateur
Athletic Association that the two clubs
had violated the amateur rules. .Box
ton said he did not think the clubs
would give their shows anyhow, ; be
cause the pugilists had formed a union
and would ~ not appear unless bigger
purses were offered. .
The San Francisco /Athletic Club
was granted the May permit for a pro
fessional boxing exhibition.
Some Opposition Develops Against
Giving Privileges to Lincoln and
Hayes Valley Club.
"Sir" Harry Westwood Cooper, the
notorious swindler of women and ex
convict, who is confined at the Coun
ty Jail awaiting the result of an ap
peal to the Supreme Court from his
latest sentence, was stricken with
heart failure yesterday and came
within a few beats of cheating the
penitentiary of one of its own. When
the prisoner fainted it was supposed
at first that he was preparing the way
for one of the counterfeit fits with
which during a previous residence at
the Sheriff's hostelry he faked his way
to many an indulgence. ;
He remained unconscious, however,
and the Harbor Hospital was notified.
Surgeon Millar responded to the^call
and found that Cooper," who really has
a weak heart, says the doctor,' had
been overcome by the Intense heat.
Under the ' medico's directions the
prisoner was removed from his sun
baked cell to a cooler part of the jail,
where he soon recovered conscious
ness. - - ¦¦-¦¦¦ \ '.*¦'¦'
"Sir" Marry Westwood Cooper at
County Jail Requires SerUees of
Surgeon to Revive Him.
SUPERVISORS GRANT
TWO AMATEUR -PERMITS
NOTORIOUS PRISONER
HAS A CRANKY HEART
Tracy had labored under a hallu
cination that he was to be attacked
and had barricaded the cabin. There
were lying about many empty revolver
shells, which indicated that he had
fired shots from the door at imaginary
foes.
FRESNO, April 11. — The inquest in
the case of H- H. Tracy, the moun
taineer and lumberman, wTiose body
was found last Friday in front of his
cabin at Ockendens, in the Sierras,
with a bullet hole #n the skull, proves
it to have been a case of suicide in
stead of murder, as supposed.
Myrtery of the Traffic Death of a
Mountaineer In Hie Sierras
Solved.
SUICTDE, NOT MURDER,
SAYS CORONER'S JURY
1 'Fourth race, about two miles* steeple
chase, maidens — Tireless won,' Chiving
ton second. Red Hook also started, but
felland did not finish: Time, 4:24.
Fifth race, seven furlongs— John F.
Ah earn won, Cay second, Polk Miller
third. Time, 1:36.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy
yards, selling— Nine Spot won, Setauket
second, James F third. Time, 1:50.
Third race, six furlongs — Gretzaillo
won, Gold Dome second, Tom Cod third.
Time, 1:19. -,'.T 'C H^v/;
First race, six furlongs, handicap—
Eriarthorpe won, Tocsin second, Paul
Clifford third. Time, 1:12%. •
Second race, four and a half furlongs
—Lilly Brook won, Pasadena second,
Mon Amour third. Time, :59 2-5.
WASHINGTON, 'April 11.— Bennings
results:
Fourth race, the Tennessee Oaks.
$2000 added, one mile— Audience, 117
(Helgerson), 1 to 4, won; Lady Lavish,
117 (Lvne)..15 to 1, second; Outwai, 117
(Domlnick), 13 to 1, third. Time, 1:44%.
Vestina Belle also ran.\ _>
j Fifth race, four and a; half furlongs—
Vidalia^ won, Marsh Redon second,'
King's Trophy third. Time, :57%.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Baywood
won, Volto second, Sir Andrew third.
Time, 1:15%. • :
Second race, four furlongs— Lady
Monuse won, Eckstein second, San
Primo third. Time, :51iA.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles
— Witful 'won, Deutschland second,
Banter third. .Time, 1:49*4.
First race, six furlongs— Cognomen
won, Federal second, Redman third.
Time. 1:16.
Tennessee Oaks. . -
MEMPHIS, April 11.— Montgomery
Park results: .
Audience Ls First, to the Wire in the
WINNERS AT; THE EAST.
On the obverse side of the medal is
an embossed representation of the
cruiser, with the following inscription
under and around the American and
bear flags, which are crossed:
"Armored cruiser California. Launch
ed April 23, 1904."
On the reverse is an embossed fac
simils of the great seal of the State of
California.
The committee of the Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West that will pre
sent the great seal of the State of Cal
ifornia has received a plaster cast of
the ornament which is to be placed on
the bow of the vessel. It is about three
feet high and about two and a half feet
wide. The seal rests upon the crossed
American and bear nags, j the emblem
of the order, and underneath is a tab
let on which there is to be an inscrip
tion conveying the information that
the seal was presented to the cruiser
by the Native Daughters.
The souvenir medals prepared under
the direction of "the Native Sonq com
mittee that is to have charge, 1 of the
ceremonies of the launching of the
cruiser California will be ready for dis
tribution during the week. .The medal
is gilt, oh a copper base' about the size
of a half-dollar. It is pendant from
an oblong bar bearing the word sou
venir and ornamented by a grizzly
bear.
Plaster Cast of Ornament Is Received
by Native Daughters — Medals
Are Nearing Completion.
SPUEXDFD SEAL. FOR
CRUISER CAXIFORXTA
The itinerary is so arranged that
they will be in Sacramento during the
gathering of the Republican League,
at Modesto at the time of the opening
of the Turlock Irrigation ditch and at
Reno at the time of the Elks* celebra
tion. At every town visited there is
to be an afternoon and evening open
air concert by the Angel Island band
and a display of colored stereopticon
views of Santa Cruz County.
SANTA CRUZ, April 11. — The San
ta Cruz Promotion Committee will
leave in a special car to-morrow
morning to tour the State. In the
party, besides the Angel Island band
of twenty-two members; will be Fred
W. Swanton, H. E. Irish, B. K. Knight,
C. E. Lindsay, R. Thompson, A. P.
Swanton, J. W. Anderson and William
Pooley.
Promotion Committee to ,LeaYo' To-
Day and Boom tho City by
the SeA.
SAISTA CRUZ CITIZENS
WILJj TOUR THE STATE
OAKLAND RACETRACK— MONDAY, April 11. ; Weather fine. Track fast.
6000. FIRST RACE— Five and a half f urlcngs : selling; maiden 3-year-olds : , to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. %. %. Str. Fin., "jockey. { Op. *C1.
6608 Harka "OVentworth " & Lee) . . . 107 1 ' . . . 5 6 6 4 4 2%1 n Otis . '.. . . . ; ' £-2 3-2
fi798 Facts (O. R. -Williams). 107 6 ... 4 2%3 3 1 n 2 3 McBride ... 20 30
6196 Targette (F. Whitman). 107 v2 ... 2 1&1 %' 2 *4 3 h" J. Jones.... <"> U-
0440 Hogarth (P. J. Carmody).,... 109 (8 ... 7 1 6 % 6 % 4 1% Heavner .. /10 1&
6.114 Red Bird (EX Slaughter)..... 107 3 ... 1 h> 2 n 3 % 5 2 Bonner.... / * &
0.39 The Lieutenant (H. Stover).. 114 4 3% 42 5 2 « 2»4 See ........ 10 10
C590 Maxetta (L. Jeiiness). ........ 112 5 8 2 9 2 7 4 7/8 Haack 15 SO
6422 Vaughan (Mrs. Hertzell). ..... 108 10 ... 0 %11 8 3- .8 2% Alarle " 10 -0
0580 Miss M. Bowdish (Blaslngme) 102 11 ... 0 2 10 2 9 2 9 1^ Crosswaite * '°
.... Lost Baby (Mrs. Murry). . . . :. 114 9 ... 10 3 7 110 2 10 3 Knapp .... 20 SO
5886 Masked Ball (M. J. Murray).. 117 7':. .' 11 8 2 11 11 Roach ..... , 20 30
Time— :23%, 49%. 1:07%. At post 1H minutes. . Off at 2:20%. Harka. place. 7-10; show,
2-6. Facts, place. 12; show. 0. Targette. show. 4-5. Winner, ch. f. by Harblnger-
Jeska. Trained by, G Wentworth. Scratched — Mary Dunn, Senator Shoupe. Start good.
Won driving. Next two stopping to a walk. Harka was cut off on the \ stretch turn
and compelled to go around three horses. Facts ran a good race. Targette a quitter. Red
Bird poorly ridden. The Lieutenant will win shortly. Miss Bowdish an enigma.
6O1O. SECOND RACE— Futurity course; celling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. V t . y,. "%. Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op. Cl.
C730 Lurene. B.(W. L. Pritchard) . 103 8 ... 2 n 1 1%1 1%1 h Roach ..... 10 6
G424 Alice Carey. '4 (Bottger & H.) 103 2 ... 3 h 3 h 3 n 2 1% W Dugan.' 4 7
6530 Priestlike 4 (Frisco Stable).. OS 4 ... 1 i£ 2 %"2-% 3 % J. Jones ,6 7
G530 Royal White, 4 (F Lowry)... 93 3 ... 4.1V&4 3 4 2 44 J. Lewis... 6 6
(5460 Y. Morello. a (W. Scharetg).. 10$ 9 ... 8^6 n 7 hi 5 2*, Haack ..... 15 15
657S Cherries, a (Soule & Fuller).. 98.7 ... 9 9 83 63 Crosswaite 35 12
C006 Cathello. ; 5 (Clayton &¦ Co.).. 98 1 ... C4 In fi 1 7 n Reed 30 E0
. 6494 Ballroom Belle, 4 (Josephs).. 98 6 ... 6 ?; 5 Vi 5 % 8 h Knapp .... 5-2 -fi
6590 Sir Dougal a (P. Sheridan) .. 10O 5 ... 7h 8 % 9 9 Bonner .... 8 10
5S70 Steph, 6 (Northern Stable) . . . OS Left ... ... Sherwood .. 5 18-5
Time — :24%. :49, 1:11%*. At post"4 minutes. Oft at 2:C2Vi. Lurene, place. 5-2; show. 6-5.
Carey, place, 3; show .8-5. Priestlike. show. 6^5. . Winner, ch. m. by Rosseau- Little
Flush. Trained by C. T. Boots. Scratched — Miss Provo. Start good for all but Steph.
Won In a hard drive of three. Lurene acted badly at the post but performed well. Alice
Carey ran her race. So did Priestlike. Ballroom Belle won't 'do Steph bolted at the
start. , ¦ - [ .-¦¦¦¦' '• ¦ ¦
CO11. T^HIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs; sailing; maiden 3-year-olds; to first, $323.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. U. '$• 94".- Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6590 Cotati (W. Napier).... 112 3 ... 22 2n l%lh J. Jones 10 15
5897* Wistaria (Stockton Stable) 105 8 ... 5 h 6^41 2 IVi McHannon 5 10
0592 Brown Patsy (I. Morehouse).. 112 4 ... 8n32 2^32 Frowen ... 5 6
5982 Dr. Birdsall (E. G. McConnell) 104 2 ... 4 1144 -1143 h 4 4 J Lewis... 15 7
6592 Frivolous (E. Fitzgerald) '107 7 ... 6?i7%5%54 Roach 4 B
5802 Pachuca. (Napa Stock Farm). 107 0 ... »2 9^82 6 3& G. Bullman B «
C363 Cinnabar (R. A. Smith) 10» 10 ... 8181 »2 7% Larsen . B .10
6338 Technique (Clifford & Co.) 112 9 ... 10 5 11 2 10 2 8 2 Heavner ..15 12
64S2 The Jew (R. Wilson) : 10111 11 12 11 2 0 % R. Wilson.. 20 ,40
6482 Moynard (M. Storn) 114 5,... 7n 5h 7^10' Sherwood .. 10 10
C554 Ursullne Sister (La Siesta).. 112 1 .,. 1 2 1 % C il 11 J. T. Shehn 15 20
6302 Forest Fire (J. J. McCabe).. 107 12 ... 12 10 2 12 12 ' Everson ... 15 40
Time — :24-7i, :5O?4. l:09i4. ' At post 2% minutes. Off at 3:12%. Cotati, place. 6; show. 3.
Wistaria, place. 4; show, 2. Brown Patsy, show. C-5. 'Winner.. b. t. by Golden Dawn-
Cheerful. Trained by R Ripley. Scratched — Tahoe. T. J. Cox. Start good. Won driv
ing. Second easily. Third driving. Jones on winner outflnished McHannon. .Wistaria
closed very strong. Brown Patsy will win soon. Dr. Birdsall could not get up. Friv
olous a disappointment. Pachuca no chance with the ride received. jUrsullne Sister
had early 'speed. • - . '
C012. FOURTH RACE— One mlla and 50 yards; selling; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. \i. %. s; . str. Fin. |. Jockey. Op. Cl.
(C595) Kitty Kelly, a" (Stanfield) 103 3 1 1%1 1 -1 % 1 1^1 1% Bonner 6-5 1
C566 Anirad. 3 (Mrs. Coffey) 95 8 2n2^22 2h2% Knapp .... 6 9
6T.91 Isab*-lllta. 4 (E McNamara). 98 7 4 1 4 1 3 >,4 3 M 3 h Roach 20 25
C5!H Illowaho. 5 (H. Stover) 103 1 5 1^5 9i 6 2 6 3 4% Crosswalte 6 10
CT>21 Ada N, 6 (Antrim Stable) OS 5 Oh 71 7 3 76 5n Wright 4 5
65S0 Emil. 3 (T. J. Williams) 95 2 3 % 3 h 4 1 5 2 fi h J. Jones.... 20 15
«;5!>S Vasallo.' 5 (Piedmont Stable). 95 4 7 1 6 2 fi 1 4 n 7 8 \ J. - Lewis. . . 4 7
C508 El Pilar. 5. (A. A.' Haskell). .. 105 6 8 8 8 8 8 Frowen ... GO 100
Time — :24',i. :50. 1:15. 1:42. 1:45. At post 1 ',4 minutes. Off at 3:30%. Kelly, place, 1-2;
6how, 1-4.. Anirad, place.* 3; show, 3-2. v I.-abelllta, ' show. 3. Winner br. m. by Apache-
Play Toy. Trained by W. L. Stanfleld. Start good. Won easily. Balance driving. Kitty
• Kelly possessed the speed. Anirad ran better with a stronger rider up. Iaabelllta ran
her race. Illowaho showed improvement. Ada N was sore, but ought to have won with
¦ a stronger ride. Vasallo pocketed through the stretch. * . v
UO13. FIFTH RACE— Futurity course; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first, $323.
Index Horse and Owner. IWt St. \i. Vi- %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6C02 Titus 4 (D. Meek) 103 4 .... 12 13^13 1 2><i Knapp .... 10 6
• Wagfr. 4 (J. Guthrie) 105 6 ... 3 1%2 % 2 2 2 % J. Jones 4 10
C550 Xullah.,a (G. S. McKenzie). . 103 3 ... 4 V, 4 2 5h Sh J. Lewla... 8-';< 8
65C9 Pat Morrissey, a (J. Ryan)... 112 5 ... Cn 6 2%6 2 4 2'J S-v 20 -20'
f.602 My Surpri.-e, 4 (Mounce) 105 8 ... 2h 32 3 1^5 3% Bonner .... 0-5. 7-5
059« Rollick 0 (M. Jones) 110 1 ... 5 3 5>44n Oh Otis- 0 JO
6602 Skip Me. 6 (Madison & E.).. 10S I ... i) 4 10 8 »4 7 3 Haack 20 30
6187 Hipponax, a (P. G. Lane) 105 9 ... 10 9^71 8n Frowen ... 8 20
•• Geisha Girl 4 (F. Robinson).. 105 7 ... 7 1 8 % 9 3 98, Sinnott .... 3i> 1C0
656S Captivate. 6 (Blanchi& McG.) 103 10 ... 8 *4 7 n 10 10 Crosswaite 15 30
Time — i2i& :49. 1:1HJ. At post 5VJ minutes. Off at 4:06>£. Titus, place, 2; show, 4-b!
Wager, place, 4; show, 2. Nullah, show, 7-5. Winner, b. g. by Bloomsbury- sister to'Ruth
Ryan. Trained by P. E. Smith. Scratched — Bard Burns. , Start fair. , Won ridden out.
Next three driving. Tltu« -Was • played for a good thing.' 'My Surprise received ¦ rough '
treatment at the post, acted badly and was wretchedly ridden. Wager ran his rac*-.
Lewis on Nullah rode a peculiar race. He let the mare fall back and then' came with
a late rush. Rollick can do better. So can Hipponax. Likewise Captivate. *Los An
geles index (6502). ••Los Angeles index 65S6.
0014. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. \i. %.' *i. Str. -Fiir. Jockey. . Op. cT.
«!53."5 Lady Kent, a (J. Ryan). . 104 2 ... 2 1%2 3 2 2>41 n knapp ..... 30 40
U449 Misty's Pride. 4 (Jones & Co.) 101 1 ... 1 S"^l 2 12 2 8 Sherwood '.. 8-5 13-10
(6499) Crlss Cross. 5 (F. N. Hayes).. 106 5 ... 4 n 3 h 3 h 3 1% Roach 5-10
6570 St. Winnlfride 4 (Painter)... 101 6 ... 3 h 4 n 4 h 4 n J Jones... 4 4
6571 Hainault. 5 (Thomas & R.).. 108 7 ... 7 7 0 ',4 5 h J. Lewis... 4 -6
6583 IConstellator. a (Mrs. Fink).. 100 3 ... 6^52 ". 6 4 J. T. Shehn 10 25
0591 Reeves, 4 (Lamasney Bros.). . 101 4... 61 On 5n 7 Crosswaite 6 ]0
(6T>96)!Clau3Us. 4 (TV II. Ryan) ..106 Threw rider Bonner 10 12
Time — :23i4, :47»4 l:12'i. At post 2^2 minutes. Off at 4:30. Kent, place, 12; show 6.
Pride, -pface. 3-5; show. out. Cross, show, 8-5. Winner, br. m. by HeHcon-Lelta Kent.
Trained by G. Wentworth. Scratched — Nanon. Golden Light. El Piloto Start good Won
in a drive of two. Third easily. Misty's Pride was sore, but had a world of speed At
the end Knapp outrode Sherwood. Crlss Cross ran her race. Hainault is stale. Reeves
ran a poor race.
The boy has been temporarily placed
in the Home of Eenevolence. To-day
District Attorney Campbell made ap
plication before Judge Hyland to have
Mrs. Hattie Branham appointed guar="
dian of the' boy. The matter will come
up in court next Friday morning.
Young Linttner's parents died In
Iowa when he was five years old and
Mr. and Mrs. Conrad have legally
adopted him. Conrad called at the
District Attorney's -office to-day. He
admitted whipping the boy last Thurs
day, but said that it was the first time
within a year. He said he had lost
his temper and had punished the boy
too severely. \
The boy states that Conrad had
whipped him Thursday evening with
the butt end of a bugxy whip. He
had been left at home while Mr. and
Mrs. Conrad came to town, and de
clares that because he had gone to a
neighboring house to play he was
beaten.
SA2I JOSE. Asril 1L— Frank Lintt
ner, a fourteen-year-old boy, has com
plained to District Attorney Campbell
that his adopted father. J. H. Conrad,
has been punishing him too severely.
In the Sheriff's office he exhibited his
back, which showed he had been se
verely beaten with some blunt instru
ment. His shoulders were marked and
bruised with red welts as broad as a
man's thumb, the skin in some places
being broken. There were also some
blue and black spots.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
its inability to meet the demand f6r
email bills, owing to the manner in
which present law limits their issu
ance, is sought to be remedied by the
removal of these limitations. On this
pcint the report says:
"It is probably true that the inability
nf the treasury to meet the demand
for small bills, combined with the
shortage in subsidiary coin in recent
years, has compelled the retention of
small bills in circulation until much of
that form of money has become ragged
and filthy and produced conditions
•which have fully justified the vigorous
crusade for 'clean money/ which has
been recently inaugurated. It is be-
Jieved, however, that with the large
discretion given to the treasury and
the national banks under the provi
sions of this bill, supplemented by an
abundant supply of subsidiary coin,
much of the cause for complaint will
be removed.
"An ideal sanitary currency, how
ever, can be secured only by the sub-
Ftitution of subsidiary coin for all one
and two dollar bills and improved
methods of redemption for paper money
of denominations "of J5 and upward."
The coinage of silver dollars into sub
sidiary silver coins is provided in the
jhird section of the bill. The limit of
5100.000,000 as the total amount of sub
sidiary silver ooiiis that can be in exist
ence at an}' one time is repealed by
this section. y
The report says that on July 1 next
the bullion from which subsidiary coins
may be made -will be exhausted. There
jf in the treasury 578.012,099 silver dol
lars, or. says the report, according to
Hccretary Shaw, C>00 carloads of thirty
ions rach. It would cost $100,000 to re
count this money, and the Secretary
says that It is worth Jn bullion less
than half of its face value In dollars.
It is this money that the bill proposes
to recoin into subsidiary silver as rap
idly as the Secretary shall order. In
i his recoinace there is estimated a pro
lit to the Government of 7 cents on
each dollar.
Relief to the Treasury Department in
WASHINGTON. April U-— A report
troia the House Committee on Banking
end Currency, recocaendins the pas
rage of the bSll "to laiprore currency
conditions," tras filed in the Hous« to
day by Chairman Fo-vcler. The first
section of the bill repeals the Uw -which
prohibits customs receipts from being
deposited in national' banfcs. The r«
sult of the present law, the report says,
is unnecessarily to tie up the money of
the country. The report says that If
States and municipalities should lock
up the proceeds of their local taxation,
bi the national Government locks up
its receipts, the effect would be disas
trous, and yet there is as much reason
fur such a course in the one case as in
the other.
The second ! section repeals the
monthly $3,000,000 limit on bank note
retirement. The report says the repeal
of this restriction wiy give to the no
lional bank note circulation all of the
elasticity which it Is possible for a
l"»nd -secured circulation to hare.
Saddle horses — Saddle horses to be judged on
their quality, conformation and manners. To
be shown at a walk, trot and canter. Must
be ridden by a lady or gentleman. Class 13,
mare or gelding under 14.3; class 14. mare or
gelding over 14.3; class 15, best mare or geld
ing suitable for a lady, and to be ridden by a
lady, (a) under 14.3, (b) over 14.3; class 16,
be«t heavy-weight oolo pony: class 17, best
lightweight polo pony; class 18, best qualified
hunter/ to tx/ shown over jumps not exceeding
6 feet. - '
Harness horses (open to all)— Horses entered
in these classes must show conformation, qual
ity, <style, action and suitable pace. Perform
ance at a walk, par* and road salts to be con
sidered. They must have good manners and
be able to back well — practical soundness only
to count. Class 3, mare or gelding over 14.3
and not exceeding 1&.2; class 4, pairs mares or
Kcldlngs over 14.3 and not exceeding 15.2; class
5, mare, or gelding vexceedlng 15.2; class 6.
pairs mares or geldings exceeding 15.2; class 7,
bent mare or gelding over. 14 hands suitable for
a lady to drive — must I be driven by a lady;
class 8, best pair marts or geldings over 14
bands, suitable for a lady to drive — must be
driven by a lady; class 9, best tanden mares or
eeldtngs 14.3 and over; class 10, best four-ln
hand, 14.3 and over, to be shown to a coach
or brake; class 11, best pony over 13.2 and not
exceeding 14.3; class 12, best pair of. ponies over
13.2 and not exceeding 14.3.
Roadsters — Horses entered In these classes
must be practically sound and able to go a
good pace. Class 1, single roadster; class 2,
pair of roadsters.
SAN MATEO, April 11.— The Cross
ways farm of F. J. Carolan at Burlin
game has been selected for the fourth
annual horse show, to be held under the
a'uspices of the Burlingame Country
Club. It will be held on April 23 from
10 a. m. to 5 p. m., and the proceeds will
be donated to the Armltage Orphanage
of this city. The committee In charge
of the affair is composed of the follow
ing: Francis Carolan, chairman;
Francis 1 J. Underhiil and E. Duplessis
Beylard. Judges — Lawrence McCreery
and John C. Kirkpatrlck.
This is one of the chief sporting
events of the year in society, and all
the blooded stock of the countryside
will be on exhibition, attended by the
fashionable owners. The only prizes
awarded will be ribbons and cups.
Entries " are open to all. The rules of
the Horse Show Association of the Pa
cific Coast will govern. An admission
fee of $1 will be charged. to swell the
orphanage fund.
The following interesting list of
classes is announced for the event, en
tries to close April 18:
Special Dispatch to' The Call.
Should the present agreement fcrr the
division of the purse not' be agreeable
to the Dixie Kid. Walcott is willing to
fight, winner take all. He Is also -will
ing to meet Jack Johnson, Billy Woods
or any other gladiator in the country.
Walcott weighed 160 pounds in his
street clothes last night.
Biddy Bishop. Jimmy Coffroth. Bil
ly Roach and Eddie Graney were clos
eted with the little typhoon from' Bos
ton for several hours last night in
Harry Corbett's. It was lonsr after
midnight when the match with the
Dixie Kid for championship honors
was finally arranged.
The men will weigh in at 6 o'clock at
142 pounds and the purs« will be di
vided on the basis of 65 per cent to.
the winner and 35 per cent to the loser.
Walcott sat behind a formidable ar
ray of diamonds, watch chains and
flashing shirt studs, and thus barri
caded,- declared, that he was entitled
to about 10 per cent of the gate re
ceipts and all of the purse, but was
finally persuaded to moderate his de*
mands.
Biddy Bishop strained every nerve
to clinch the match with Billy "Woods,
but the champion evidently thinks the
Kid is easier money. When Bishop
offered him more than 50 per cent to
fight in Oakland, Walcott pulled out
a railroad ticket and said:
"Coffroth here paid my transporta
tion, and if possible I want to give
him the first chance, but the man that
offers the best inducements gets the
match." v\
After considerable haggling and
dispute over the division of the gate
receipts and purse. Joe Walcott was
last night matched to meet the Dixie
Kid -before the Colma Club on the
30th of this month. ":'%"-
Announcement Made of the
Classes for Roadsters, Har
• ness and Saddle Equines
Youngster Is Provided With
a Guardian and the Court
Will Hear the Charges
Boston Man/AgreesttoHave
Almost Any Iund of a Di
vision of. Gate Receipts
Removes Limit on Subsidiary
Silver Coinage and Also on
Retirement of Bank Notes
CHAMPIONSHIP AT ISSUE
OFFICIALS SEE BRUISES
TEXT OF THE MEASURE
SOCIETY TOPAETICIPATE
Joe Jones, "Big Bill" Knapp and Jed
Lewis are the best: riders at Oakland,
and can be relied upon to do their best.
Bonner spent a great day in the sad
dle. In different races he fell off Sir
Dougal,*Red Bird and Clausus.
Although all the stakes were declared
off Worth track will give $500 purses
and liberal overnight handicaps.
The track bar was closed, as it was
election day in Emeryville.
Perhaps Titus was best of those
starting in the fifth event. Dan Meek's
sprinter was heavily backed at juicy
odds to do the trick, and he led from
start to finish. My Surprise, the 7 to 5
favorite, acted badly at the post and
was the recipient of ridiculous hand
ling at the hands of Bonner, running
unplaced. Wager, a Los Angeles vis
itor,and 12 to 1, took the place from
Nullah.
XOTES OF THE '-.TRACK.
Six to five was accepted about Kitty
Kelly in the betting on the mile and
fifty-yard run, and with Bonner up the
mare won all the way. Anirad was al
ways the runner up, beating out Isa
bellita, a 25 to 1 outsider, for place
honors. Ada N warmed up sore and
Wright handled her to no'advantage.
Vasallo fared poorly when it came to
racing luck or he might have been a
contender.
Joe Jones next put Cotati, a 20 to 1
shot, over the plate, winner of the five
and a half furlong scramble'for maiden
three-year-olds. It was a hand-me
down bunch and Cotati lasted long
enough to beat Wistaria a head. Brown
Patsy ran third and the favorite, Friv
olous, fifth.
"Big Bill" Knapp, with one bullseye
to hl3 credit, startled the crowd at Oak
land track yesterday by landing Lady
Kent, a 60 to 1 shot, first for the final
event of the, day. It would not have
created such a sensation but for the
fact that Mlsty's -fcride had first call
In the ring at 13 to 10 and was con
sidered invincible. The Oregon bred
mare showed signs of soreness going
to the post, -but this - was forgotten
when the barrier flew In the air. She
set a dazzling clip, Knapp managing,
however, to keep within hailing dis
tance with Lady Kent, though the
other starters were sadly outfooted.
Approaching the wire the favorite be
gan displaying signs of fatigue and
it was then easy for Knapp to outride
Sherwood, earning the decision with
the despised outsider by a neck. The
time, 1:12%, was dangerously close to
the Coast record for' six furlongs.
Criss Cross ran a distant thirdr
It was a rare inning for long shots,
for Harka and Kitty Kelly were the
only winning favorites. A dollar par
layed on Lurene, Cotati, Titus and
Lady Kent would have netted a small
fortune. The attendance was large.
As Holbrook, the stable rider, was
given a vacation last week by Starter
Holtman, Otis had the mount on Harka
in the opening event. The filly was
backed down in the betting from 2% to
1 to 2 to 2 favoritism, and came home
a head before the 30 to 1 outsider Facts.
Targette, as usual, ran well for five
furlongs, then closed up and finished
third. Red Bird had plenty of. Bpeed,
but was miserably ridden by Bonner.
A hundred and one different tips
were circulated on the Futurity course
sprint following, which wore a decid
edly open look. Steph, ridden by Sher
wood and backed down to 18 to 6, had
an undeniable chance, but bolted at
the start and was left At the last mo
ment Lurene, with Roach in the' sad
dle, was hammered down from 10 to 6
and in a hard drive led Alice Carey
over the line a head. Joe Jones fin
ished third on Priestlike. Ballroom
Belle, which opened favorite, ran a
very poor race.
House Committee on Bank
ing Submits Report Rec
ommending' Its Passage
Biiiiingame Country Club
Will Have Its Fourth Ex
hibition at Crossways Farm
Fourteen-Year-Old San Jose
Boy Complains of His
Adopted Fathers Severity
Lurene, Cotati and
Titus Prove the
Surprises.
Colored Fighters to Clasli
I Before the Colma Club on
the 30th of Present Month
WALCOTT WILL
FIGHT "DIXIE"
CURRENCY BILL
FINDS FAVOR
YOUTH PLEADS
FOR PROTECTION
RARE HORSES
TO BE SHOWN
LADY KENT, A DESPISED 60 TO 1 SHOT,
DEFEATS THE FAVORITE MISTY'S PRIDE
THE SAN FRANCISCO -GALH, TUESDAY; APRIL 12^ . 190f.
RACETRACK HAPPENING , HORSESHOW NEWS AND BOXING POSSIBILITIES
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING 'FORM CHART.
10
* AJDVEETISEMENTa.
SH0WABAD CONDITION OF THE BLOOD Pr% f|
When the • blood is in bad condition a bruise, cut, fl^fV. hjf "-
6cratch, or anj r slight injury to the flesh, is apt to become yp
an ugly-looking sore or ulcer. Sometimes a boil, blister j^f|^2^*> s >c
or pimple is the beginning of a large eating ulcer or open, rt^J|Pj|rap^*
discharging sore. Often the blood is naturally bad, and
is that way from birth, and such people suffer -with van-
ous : kinds of sores ; from ; infancy thfougH , old age. The '^^^ktBHRwT.
blood v may become so weak ¦"- . ' . , M . . '., v
a~ a f«miW. ;«„?, «* A common boil appeared on the call of my right
and watery lrom «ne ettectS Ol limb. I used the simple home remedies but the
malarial sickness, debility or .place refused to heal. ; The physician I consulted
:someoldcHrpnict^ub^,that?fl&^^ k^
the impurities break out 1 in improved rapidly, but an attack of typhoid fever
'W««1 • e^^'cT An tlio iAm-.^« settled in the orlfrinal sore, causing- a backsat. I
bad sores on thej lower cx-> bem it again -oon a8 x over the fever, and
tremities or other, part of the was completely and permanently cured. .-. „. .if
body." There is always some ,' ' \I : - _,' . , „ MB8. ; K/ a.^dxtfpy, ,,-
morbid, unhealthymatterin 3SrewCastle ' Pa ' ' 2«WMhington8L
the blood that keeps the sore discharging, and must'be gotten outbefore.it
will heal^ Washes and salves, while cleansing, sooth-
' J^^*4 CC^ lK^^ ing and helpful, will not do it, because they do not
u\^^^V2jV*.N^^ . reach the) poisoned .blood;' ;but;S. S.S. cleanses and'
i fc**JJ tj*~J ; purifies the -diseased blood,' and when , this is accom-
V»«^ plished the place heals. Where 'the health j has been
impaired it restores strength and vigor to the system, improves the appetite
: and digestion, and' tones up the , nerves. - Purifying -the blood is the surest
wayCto get rid of an old sore or ulcer. Medical advice is 'free.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, C IA.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
And Women, Too!
%a 2>V /^^?8l Do you want to be a Mg, husky man.
\^i-f u"\#s&*3s with vim and pow«r In your evtry action,
1*1 l^Si with oouroce, self-confidence. and ambi-
yTTVi^ Nw Vt tloa to " d0 thing*"? Do you want to gret
/Ly / SC V^V^-ffrC^ rtd °^ tna * feeling of eloom. that weak-
yT^Cs/ • / d/Z£&J£&&^ <£!!& *>e»s in your tack, that nervous, worn-
f Lt^S! < « 'JCJaggjgg&p > «^gk out f^eJlrc wMch unfits you for business
\'^t£^#" '^jT-'V P Cv V^ *5° TOU rrant to f««l like a man all
*#?&'&' s>~ *J \ V^ ov « r - t0 noJ< S up your head with the
famMYw2£v?i?&9'i iMa knowledge that you are the man that na-
/fisCTsfS^it/V^rsV/XVL &£ * know that no man rexnbJns a weak-
&w> l*ilS?>?^5k -* Jn < becauBs be -wants to. I am sure
>nrj^wrS^^*^^^^ Jp?^ tnat y° u want to overcome erery lndica-
tloa el eaj-ly decsy that has thovn itself
V\\^S? on y° u - * don't think the man liven who
f'^ V*~^ ,' Z>~*T^ would not like to feel aj>. blsr and strong
f .- v-i •:/** as a 8andow. acd I know that If you
have a reasonable, foundation to build
upon I can make you a bijecor mi n thatn yon ever boped to be. I want you
10 know that, you who can't believe it, and I want you to have ray boek
In wtolch I describe bow 1 learned that strength was only electricity, and
how 1 learned to rentore It; also I want to tell you the names of some men
who will tell you that xrben they came to me they were physical wrecks,
and are now among the finest specimens of physical manhood.
I can do just as much for women as for men, I have thousands of let-
ters from grateful women, who had spent years and money trying te jret
relief from drug*, and who came to me as a last resort and are cured n*w.
Why should you be suffering
when you know thai your friends . UrfAr nifn
end neighbor* are !>olni: euroc"?
Why. the money you upend, for \£y w^fT""*"* 1^
tfrupe Jn a 5ow months. If lr.vwt^d . v^SiWwtSl vj/Cr
In my treatment, will a*?ure you AliM m\ *&SL_ fg. .^J^S^MWi^i >
h«lth and happiness lor llfp. »g*awg»^^S^^^^5g>g7tft^g'j:
Don't you believe It? Then send !g!>75<f5^S^**rtT^?) i Wt*25^a3*^r'
for thin book with the proof that 1 ffw»i5f!~--—^X^^/V^-— -^T^lfff
cw! rtve you, and you will be con- BffiQjga^Ugggtf^- >?V" t J^|j^^*Si.';*aa
Don't wait a minute. Bend for &3&*£2*£?f**i$jr
this book now. If you will inclose V 11*^5*^ "^^"^
thl« a<J- I will nend it seaJed. free. • " Ai7 A^ySWvtW
and will 8^ve"yoU|fhe names of #t*J%\*^
.your own neighbors who are cured. ¦ ¦".-'".: •.* ' • „. ¦
I will tell yon whether I oaa cure you or not. If you will t*ll xae rour
troubles. Call, if possible, tor fr«e consultation.
Dr. M. C McLaughlin, ?&&£&£ - yCash and. diamonds to the total value
of $3000 wefe" stolen from Julia Ayloye
by Peter Pasturino, according to the
sworn complaint of that lady, and Peter
will be arraigned to-morrow before
Judge- Cabaniss _to tell his side of it.
Julia and Peter were dwelling to
gether as husband and wife, although
they had never been Joined in wedlock's
holy bands, when the* man suddenly
disappeared and. the woman missed her
money and jewels. \ He i was arrested
in Los Angeles and brought back by
Detective Reynolds. ¦
• *" ' *
It was the sudden increase of solar
heat, Mary Campbell asserted, that af
fected her limbs so that 'she was un
able to walk straight, and also im
peded her speech so that she could" not
tell Policeman Nelson where. she dwelt.
Then the policeman took the witness
stand and said that Mary was afflicted
with acute alcoholism when he picked
her up, and he also showed proof that
she was an .old hand at that line of
misdemeanor.^ Three months was the
sentence handed to Mary by Judge Mo
gan. '
"Why did he strike you?" asked
Judge Mogan.
"He said that somebody said that I
said he worked for nothing, and when
he said that I said I never said—"
"Guilty— sentence to-morrow!" shout
ed the court.
One inflamed. eye in a somber set
ting was exhibited by John Frank In
substantiation of his statement that
he was violently assaulted by Frank
Klein,, an expressman, at Sixth and
Howard streets.
"Because she wants to elope with my
son Johnny and has some of his clothes
in her trunk," was the answer.
"I don't know her son Johnny, but
she is in love with my husband and is
mad because I'm prosecuting him,"
Mrs. Johnson declared.
Before the defendant could choke
down her wrath sufficiently to permit
of utterance she was pronounced guilty
and hastily removed.
she glared angrily at her fragile look
ing accuser and muttered dire threats
as she sat in the dock.
"Why did you strike this woman?"
Inquired the Judge.
Comparing the decade of 1884-1893
with the last decade, 1894-1903, the
Health Department bulletin shows a
decrease of 40.2 per cent in the deaths
per 1000 of population from all forms
of nervous diseases and of 59.8 per
cent in the deaths from convulsions.
CHICAGO, April 11. — A notable de
crease in the percentage of local
deaths from nervous diseases suggests
to the Health Department that the
high tension of life in Chicago is being
lowered and that the people are re
turning to saner and simpler modes of
living than obtained in the two strenu
ous, nerve-shocking decades following
the great fire of 1871. In the same
connection it Is noted that the deaths
of babies from convulsions have de
creased nearly 60 per cent.
Statistics Show That in Last Decade
Deaths From Nervous Diseases
Have Decreased.-
CHICAGOANS NOT LEADING
STRENUOUS LIFE OF YORE
"With the united principal division
and the western division I attacked
the enemy's chief force, about 3000
strong, at Onganjira. The.Hereros
were in a strong semi-circular position
on s a hill fronting the northwest. We
.first flanked 'and forced back the en
emy's left wing and then attacked the
center and right. Two energetic coun
ter attacks of the enemy against our
left were repulsed.' The enemy's posi
tion was broken through at nightfall,
after eight hours' fighting, and the
enemy was driven back on .all sides.
The chief forces apparently retired In
a northeasterly and easterly direction.
"Our losses Included Lieutenants von
Estorff and : Von Erff a and two cav
alrymen killed. Lieutenant Rosenberg
and five men severely wounded and
five men slightly wounded. The en
emy's loss has not yet been ascertained,
but was heavy owing to the excellent
effect of our artillery fire.
"Nothing new from Von Glazenapp's
eastern division."
BERLIN, April 11.— The Foreign Of
fice received to-day the following dis
patch from Colonel Leutwein, the Gov
ernor of German Southwest Africa:
Enemy Is Well Entrenched,
but the Losses Are Believed
to Have Been Very Heavy
TWO OFFICERS KILLED
Mrs.- Delia Greehy, who* assaulted
Mrs.; Hattie Johnson last* Saturday/ in
Judge/ Mogah's ¦ courtrbom,">\vas > pro
nounced ; guilty. : of battery \ yesterday
and: will be sentenced to-day. *• Her.de
meanor ;was not deprived of : defiance
by her two days' ' imprisonment, ";_ arid
It was the second time that the de
fendant, who is an Insurance solicitor,
permitted^ himself "to* steal a plock in
the Emporium. - The -first; offense' was
punished with a thrashing at the hands
of a special. policeman.
"When , I take a few drinks I become
a kleptomaniac, and that's a terrible
condition for a ¦ man to get into, ain't
it, Judge?" said John T. Lynch, ac
cused of stealing a clock from the Em
poriumi
Judge Mogan agreed that klepto
mania is an unenviable penchant,' and
then asked John why he did not ab
stain from the use of intoxicants when
he knew that it* would lead him to
pilfer other,, people's, belongings. • John
replied that he Is : afflicted with an in
satiable appetite for alcoholic bever
ages,Vand,the court continued his case
till to-day. " : . - . ,
March Him was arrested because he
had In his possession five copies of as
many drawings in a Cninese lottery;
and the Judge said the police had no
more right to take the man into, cus
tody than Ithey would have to imprison
a white man caught reading a news
paper containing the result of a draw
ing pf the Mexican lottery.
"It Is by bringing in such cases as
this," his 'Honor declared, "that the
police convey to the Grand Jury an idea
that they are not encouraged by thu
magistrates to perform their duty."
Judge Mogan dismissed March jHim,
accused of aiding and. acetting a lot
tery, and incidentally conveyed a hint
to Police Sergeant Christensen concern
ing the futility of making arrests with
out having evidence sufficient to justify
conviction.
For keeping a lottery place at 121
Geary street George Lewis was fined
$100 by Judge Mogan and the municipal
treasury was at once enriched to that
amount.
Judge Mogan heard a portion of Com
plainant Kenney's side of the case yes
terday and will hear some more of it
next Wednesday.
While returning from lodge at an
early hour Sunday morning William
Kenney found it convenient -to travel
through an alley upon which abuts the
rear of a boarding-house, whose front
is numbered 148 on Fifth street. The
rays of the soft and fulsome moon that
bathed the firmament with glory
failed to illuminate the cobble pave
ment over which Mr. Kenney toiled
with uncertain steps, and when he
fell over an empty packing case and
awoke the echoes he barked his shins
and howled his anguish.
The clatter and the cry awakened
Nestor J. Espinosa, a son of Castile,
who occupied'one of the back rooms of
148 Fifth street, and burglars was his
first imagining. Grasping a trusty
sword cane he sprang to his window
and gallantly prepared to protect nis
property at* the cost of his life, If needs
be. Mr. Kenney was endeavoring to
extricate ' himself from the wreck of
the box and interspersing his struggles
with profane outbursts, when his head
was sharply smitten with the sword
cane in the firm hand of Senor Espi
nosa, who still labored under the de
lusion that he was protecting somebody
or something. He, too, uttered curse
words as he swung his weapon, and
when William Smith, also of 148 Fifth,
rushed into the alley he found -the
atmosphere of bluish tinge. Mr. Smith
also contributed to the battery of Mr.
Kenney, and it is believed that other
boarders that subsequently arrived did
likewise. At any rate Mr. Kenney's
head was cut and' bleeding and he was
in a generally usedup condition when
the police appeared. Espinosa and
Smith were the only persons arrested,
however, ihe former for carrying a
deadly weapon and the latter for bat
tery.
• * •
While arresting V. N. Stannells for
disorderly conduct Sunday afternoon
on Steuart street Patrolman Clifford
was obstructed in, the performance of
his duty by Gus Anderson, and in the
three-cornered fight that ensued the
officer's star was lost and his helmet
crushed. But he succeeded in landing
both his opponents in prisoji, and
Judge Mogan will sentence them to
day.
• • •
The young woman in the^ case did
not appear in court, but it "is under
stood that jealousy t>f Wilt's atten
tions to her and her attentions to Wilt
was the cause of Gale's intemperate
conduct.
While sauntering f along "Mission
street with a young woman last Sat
urday evening Herbert Wilt was
breathing soft nothings and relishing
their effect upon his fair companion
when he suddenly heard her character
assailed by a masculine voice heavily
laden with anger. Turning around, he
stood face to face with Charles Gale,
whose vituperative oratory continued
to flow until words gave way to deeds
and he delivered a sounding slap upon
the smooth cheek of she who had pro
voked his wrath. .Without waiting to
consider possible consequences, Mr.
Wilt swung his right fist upon Mr.
Gale's left jaw and Mr. Gale went down
and out. He was taken to* the Re
ceiving Hospital, where the surgeons
treated him for a fractured skull, and
the man that struck the blow that may
prove fatal was taken to jail.
In the court of Judge Mogan yester
day the defendant .told the story here
inbefore narrated, and there was no
contradictory testimony. A report
from the hospital stated there was a
probability of Gale's recovery, and the
Judge continued the case till April 23.
guide that assaulted William Cluff,
the well-known merchant, one night
recently in an O'Parrell-street play
house, is alleged to be insane by his
mother, who says he had been acting
queerly for some time prior to his ex
traordinary attack - jipon Mr. Cluff.
Judge Mogan has remanded Ward for
examination by the Lunacy Commis
sioners, and will act" in accordance
with their report to-morrow.
Colonel Leutwein - Attacks
a Force of Natives. 3000
Strong at , Onganjira
Says That No Board Should
Be Created Which Would
Usurp the Chiefs Powers
MEASURE UNNECESSARY
As the Head Is Responsible
to the Country He Believes
He Should Be the Master
WASHINGTON, April 11.— Secretary
Moody is not in favor of the creation
of a general staff in the navy modeled
after the general staff organization in
the army. This fact he communicated
to the House Committee on Naval Af
fairs to-day In a hearing granted him
on a bill of his own drafting "to In
crease the efficiency of the navy."
The bill authorizes the Secretary of
the Navy to constitute a general board
in his discretion, by detailing seven
officers on the active list of the navy
and marine corps not below the rank
of captain, for such duties as the Sec
retary may from time to time direct.
The Secretary explained that this bill
did hot really enlarge his present au
thority in the matter of an advisory
board. He now has the right to create
such a board of any number of officers
and continue them on the board for any
length of time. t\
Such a board, the Secretary explains,
was absolutely "in the hollow of the
hands of the Secretary of the Navy."
He could create it at will and discon
tinue it at wilL Its functions would
be purely advisory. He said that a
civilian would always be at the head
of the navy and that it was proper he
should have expert advice, but as he
was responsible to the country he
should be master of the situation. No
board, he said, should be created which
would usurp the powers of the Secre
tary. The board provided for in his
bill, he said, would have no executive
power nor jurisdiction over the bureau
of the navy-
The committee took no action on the
bill, which has not yet been Introduced
in Congress.
BAKERSFIELD, April 11.— R. Trux
tun Beale to-day filed suit in the Su
perior Court against former Sheriff H.
L. Borgwardt Jr. to recover possession
of some wood and bark from a tree on
the Beale ranch bearing on it an in
scription to the memory of Peter Lebec,
the pioneer, who was killed at that
point by a bear In 1S37. It is understood
that Mr. Beale desires to present it to
the Landmarks Society.
Noted Tree Causes Lawsuit.
It was Judge Conlan who found -a
way. out of the embarrassment into
which his court and half a dozen of
the stellar legal minds attached to the
Hall of Justice were plunged by the
extraordinary attitude of Edward Cof
fey, self-accused of peace disturbance.
Mr. Coffey had arrested himself and
then appeared as complainant and de
fendant and eloquently pleaded both
sides of his case.
"In a Clay street restaurant la,st Sat
urday afternoon,", said Coffey, the ac
cuser, "I ate chile concarne and ice
cream, for which I was unabje, on ac
count of poverty, to pay. ¦ The pro
prietor of the establishment addressed
Borne insulting language to me and in
retaliation I picked up a chair, threw
it at him and walked out. That's the
case for the prosecution, your Honor,
and I claim that the testimony you
have heard Is sufficient to convict me
of disturbing the peace."
The. Judge bowed concurrence. Then
spake Coffey the defendant:
"I ask for leniency, your Honor, and
for this reason. \ After walking out of
the restaurant I could have escaped
punishment for what I had done, but
instead I looked around in search of a
policeman. There was no officer in
sight, nor did I see one until I arrived
at the Central Police Station and gave
myself into custody for disturbing the
peace. The fact that I acted as my
own policeman will, I hope, be taken
into consideration by this court. The
defense is in, your Honor, and I ask for
dismissal on the ground that I have
already received punishment ample to
fit my offense. Thirty-six hours have
I spent in durance."
"Your self-arrest and the consequent
imprisonment will not be ignored by
me as completely as you' have over
looked some other things you did in
connection with your confessed dis
turbance of the peace," responded the
Judge, with full gravity. "For in
stance, you disturbed your stomach by
loading it with a mixture of chile con
carne and Ice cream; but I presume
your digestion has paid painful penal
ty for that outrage. Then you de
frauded an inn keeper out of the price
of your Incongruous repast. Afterward
you deliberately impersonated a police
officer by placing yourself under arrest.
These unrecorded offenses serve to off
set other circumstances of a mitiga
tory character. You must do another
twenty-four hours upstairs."
"If you ever catch me breaking into
jail again I hope you'll never let me
out," Mr. Coffey ejaculated, and there
was bitterness In his tone.
W. L. Ward, the former Chinatown
WITNESS DISAPPEARS
BEFORE SECOND TRIAL
Unexplained Absence of a Saloon lilrn
ploye May Block Murder Trial
l»rosecutlon.
BASS JOSE, April 11.— Joe Benjamin,
one of the most Important witnesses for
the State in the trial of ¦William Single
ton for the murder of Simon Borjorques,
has disappeared from San Jose. Benja
min and his brother conducted a saloon
at the corner of First and Margaret
turrets, where the killing: occurred. The
missing man was tending bar at the
time cf the shooting. A couple of weeks
figro the jury disagreed in the Singleton
case, and the second trial Is set for
May 2.
Without Benjamin's testimony It is
doubtful w hcther Singleton can b« con
victed. About a week ago Benjamin
disposed of his interest in the saloon
and left the city. Benjamin's relatives
declare they do not know where he Is,
but that he has gone to look for work.
Sheriff Lanpford is making every ef
fort to find the witness.
OMAHA. Xcb.. April 11.— A petition in
bar.krujitcy fasja been fi'.^d apair.st Kelly, Stiper
& Co.. <5ry goods merchants. The firm carried
a stock s---:: to exceed in value $100,000.
Disturbs Peace, Takes Himself Into Custody, Prosecutes
and Defends His Case and Is Given 24 Hours by Judge
Cohlan, Who Reminds Him of Unrecorded Offenses
GERMANS DRIVE
BACK HEREROS
MOODY OPPOSES
A NAVY STAFF
SELF-ARRESTED DEFENDANT
EMBARRASSES LEGAL MINDS
THE ¦ SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1904.
11
BATLWAY TBAVEL.
XO^<fTT>> >l Trains leave and s»r«
fO/£^^^^^\ no to arrl »• mi
\t/kOGet»* t i?*AST»)l'2.\ SAN FRANCISCO.
\ "A" — '.y-^. Jfjl J"»om Aran. 10, 1KA.
\^^1^~^\ J ' *mn Dtrtt
\^ Q | \y (Foot of Market Street.)
iu» - MAIN LINE. -A»arr»
7.00a. Vscarllle. winters. Bnin»ey_ 7.50p
7.00a Benlcls, Salsun, Elmlraaad Sacra-
mento 7-2Qr
7 30a Vallejo. Ns?a, Callstoga. SaaU
Kosa. Martinez, Bun fiamon 820f
7 30a Nlles, Ltrerraore, Tracy, Lsthrop.
Stockton 7.20?
8.00a Bbuu Express— (Via Darts).
Wllllamt (for Bartlett Springs).
Willow*. tFnito. Ked Bluff.
Portland. Tacotaa, Seattle 7.50^
8 00* Davis. Woodland. Knights Landing,
MsrysTille. OroTlUe 7.50?
830a Port Costa, Hartlaez. Antioch.
Bjron, Tracy,. Stockton. Seir-
man, Los Danos, Meadota, •
Armona, 11 an ford. Vis alia,
PorterTille 4.2O» >
8-30 a Port Costa. Lsthrop. Modesto,
Merced. Frefao, Gosnen Junc-
tion. Uanford, Vlsslla. Bakers-
Held «»0*
830* Nlles, San Jose, LtTermore. Stock- ¦
ton, (tMilton), lone. Sacramento,
Plaeenrllle. MaryiTllle, Cblco.
Ked Bl iff 4.20*
830* Oafcdale. Chinese, Jamestown. Bo-
nora. Toolunme and Angels 4-Zup
9 00a At!»ntlcF.ipre«»— Ogden and East. 11.20a
8.20a Richmond. Martinr* and Way
Stations *60r
1000a The Overland Limited — Ugden.
Dmvtr. Omsbs, Chics gty. ...fisS'
ICOOa Vallejo. 12.20'
1000a Los . Anftrl's Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Trscy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Kajrmoad. Fresno. Goahen Junc-
tion, llanford.' Lemoore. Vlsslla.
Balcersneld. Lo« Angeles 7.20-
1200" Dayward. Nlles and Way Stations. 3 20p
fi J)Cp BacrmnentoRtTcr 8tearaer« tii-OOr
330r Bentcla. Winter". Sacramento. ,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
VlarysTllle. OroTille and wsy
sutlons 'SfS*
3.30r naywarJ.KIIes and Way Stations.. 760p
3.30' Port Coata. Martinez. Byron,
Tracy, Lathrop. Modesto,
Merced, Berenda. Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 1220P
330p Yosemlte Valley. Mon.. Wed, Frl. 920a
330p Marttnex. Tracy, Stockton. Lodl... 1020a
4C0p Martlne*.SanlUmon.VMleJo,N»pa,
CalUtom, Sanu Kom 9 20a
4 00p Nile*. Traey. Stockton, Lodl 4.20r
430» Hay ward. N'ltea. irTlngton. Sin » tS.SOA
Jose. Ll»ermore 1 UI.SOa,
6.00p The Owl Limited— Kewman. Los
Bano«. Mmdoia. Freiao. Tnlare.
Bskertfleld. Los Angeles.
Golden Stato Ltmtied Sleeper,
Oakland to Los Angele* . for Chl-
csgo. Tit C. Ii. I. & P. (last trip
AprllW) t-20»
B.OOt Port Cost*. Tracy. Stockton 1220p
t530r Hayward. Klles and San Jose 7.20a
6.00p Hayward. Nlles and San Jose 9 SO*
6-CQr Eastern Expresv- Ogden. DenTer,
Omaha, St. Louts. Chicago and
Kant. Port Costa, Benicla. 8ui-
son. Kltnira. Darls. Sacramento,
Rocklln. Anbnrn. Colfaz,
- Trockee, Boca, Keno. Wads-
worth, Wlnnemucca 5 20*
G.OOr Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... » 7 . n .
7.00P Vallejo, Sunday only f '- 00
7-OOp l;ichmond. 8an fchlo. Port Costa,
Martinez and Stations 11.20a
8.06p Oregon & California Express— Sac-
rr.mento, MarytTllle. Redding.
Portland, Paget Sonnd and East. 8-SOa
8.1 Op Haj ward. Nile* and San Jose (Sna-
dayonly) 11.60»
COAST LINE (Jisrr«w Uaaga).
. (Foot of Market Street.) .
7.45 a Santa Crnz Kxcnrsion(Snnday only) 8.1 Op
b.l&A Newark. OenterTllle. flan Josa.
Felton. Boalaer Creek. Santa
Cruz and Way Stations..... 5.55*
21 Br Newark. CenterTlile. Pan Joss.
KewAlmaden.LosGatOk.FeltOB, •
Houlder Creek, Santa Cms and
Principal Way Stations flO-Sai
4-18p Newark, SanJose, LosQatos and J t8-65 %
way station* ".... ) tiO 55 >
O A K LAND HARBOR FERRY.
From KAK r'UAN'ClSCO. Foot uf Market 8t. (3Up<»
- — f?:15 *:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3 CO 6-iSr.M
rrom OAKLAND. Koot of Broadway — 1«:00 »:*
t8:0J 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 4 00P.it.
COAST LINE (»r»»d «un).
• tV (Third wail Townsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jo>e and War Stations. G-30P
t7 COa San .lose and Way Stations 540p
7.15 a Monterey and Santa Crnz Excur-
sion (Snaday only) 10 30p
8.00a New Almaden (Tut*.. FrM.. only). 4-IOp
8 COa The Coaster— Stops only San Jose. -
Gllroy (connection for Routs-
ter). Pajaro. Castrorille (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grove). Salinas. Ssa
Ardo, Paso Kobles. Santa Mar-
garita. San Lnls ODtspo, principal
stations thence Sarf (connectloa
for'.Lompoe). principal stations
thence Santa Barbara, San Baena-
ventnra, Bnrbank. Los Angeles . 10-439
8. COa Can Jose, Tres Ptnos. Capitols.
i 8antaCruz,PaclflcOroTe.Sallnas.
Ban Lais Obispo and Principal •
Wsy Station* 4-10p
1040a 8anJoieaud Way Sutlons 1 20?
11 J0a BaDta Clara. £an Joie. Los Gatos - ,
-_-' and Way Station* ...-.., »-?_0r .
120r San Jote and TVny Stations 8 Sit
3 LQr Del Monte Kipress— Santa Clara,
San Jose, Del Monte. Monterey,
racific Grove (cun'jectK at Santa>
Clara, exrrpt Sunday, for Santa
Cms. Boutiler trrrk and Narrow
Gsaxe Points) at Gllroy for Hoi-
lister, Trr» Plnos. at Paiaro for '
Santa Crnz. at CsstroTille for
> JBaltnas .'...::...:.....'.... 1I.15».
3-30f Trei Pino* Way FasKenger. ........ ,10 4V*
4 30p "an Jose aad Way Stations.'..;.... 18 00a
t5 00 r Santa Clara, San Jose. Los Gates,
and principal Way Stations (ex-
cept SnndnjO .':..... *--'... ..'.. tS-OOa
55 30p KanJoseandPrfneipalWayStaUons {9-40*
545»" buutet l.imlfJ.— Krrt»ofd. Saa
Jo«ft. Gtlroy,Sallnas,Paso Koblea,
Ssn Lnls Obispo, Santa Barbara,
-, ; Los Angrles. Demlnir. El Paso. .
.New Orlrans. New York. Con- '
nects at Pajaro for Santa Cruz
and at C«»troviii« for Pacific * •
GroTo acrt Way Stations 7.10a;
/8 •tbr, Sau Mateo,B«?resfoni,Uelmont.Saa
'- 'Carlos. Ueawood. Fair Oaks.. ;
XlenloPark. Palo Alto...... f8-48A
6 30p Ban Jose and Way SUUons 6 39*
- 8-OGp Palo Alto an41Vay Stations 10.15a
- 11 .£0j* auuih San Francisco. Mlllbrae. Bnr-
' San Mateo. Belmoni, .
¦ . - £an Carlos. Krdwood. Fair Oaks, ..
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 945p
u11.30p JIayOeld. Monntaln Vlsw. Sonny- .
vale, Lawrence, Santa Clara and ,
¦ San Jose................. ........ t9-45P
-.-• A for Morning. ' - P for Afternoon. •
16nnday excepted. :- . i Sunday only.
":"•" o Saturday only. ' <-¦¦*¦ .-¦,...: •
- - f Stops at all stations on Sunday. ¦ - - -
I»"Only trains stopping at Valencia St. southboan 1
»r**:10 a.m., 7:01a. « n 7:15 A. *., 11:30 a. jr., 3:30r.M..
t:90r.-*. and 8:00 r.M. ' - ---,¦-< ¦
The WeeHy Call
$i dcp Ycaiv .
BAILWAY TBAVEL
1 1 ii"»— ¦— '
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAtLY ¦
at 9:30 a. m., through In 3 days,
with diner and all trappings.
I. Other Santa To Tratai:
7:30 a. m.l for g tockton> Fresno. BakersOeld.
8:00 p! m.J Merced. Hantord and Vtoalia.
4 -.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
' TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. and
Terry Depot. S. F. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 South rirst St.,
San Jose. ¦
I i — .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
¦ ' ' LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAIT FRANCISCO TO SAN EAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS- 7:30. »:OO. ll:«O a. m.; 12:^5.
3:30 6:10 U:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11.30 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:30 11:00 a. m.; l:M.
3:30 5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
8AN BAFAEL TO SAJT FBAWCISCO.
WEEK UAKS- «:05, 7:a5. 7:60. V.20. 11:18
a. r.i.; 12:&O. 3:40 &:O0. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS-^8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40.
3:40. 4:65. 5:05. «:25 p. m.
Leave 1 In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I ¦ Destlna- I Sun- 1 Week
Days. I days. | tion. f days. | Days.
7:30a 8:00 a 9:10a 8:40 a
»:30 a Ignacio. , 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 3:30 p " 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p '
7:30 a 8:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato, 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:o5 ;> 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5 :00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a! I |10:40 a|lO:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. I 7:35 p 8:20 p
3:30 p| 3:30 p| ] {.
¦Windsor, \ I
7:30a 8:00a Healdsburg. 10:40a 10:20a
Lytton.
8:30 p 3:30 p. Geyservllle. 7:35 p 8:20 p
Cloverdale,
7:80a 8:00a Uopland 10:40a 10:20a
8:30 p 3:30p|' and Uklah. 7:35 p. 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Willlts. | 7:35 p| 0:20 p
7:80 a] 8:00 at 110:40 a[10:2O a
3:30 pf 3:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30a[S:00a| Sonoma. I 0:10 al 8:40%
B:10p|S:OOp| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pf tf:20 p
7:30*1 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| gebastopol. | 7:35 pf 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green # Brae for Saa
Quentin. at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
6prlngs; at Fulton fcr Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Spring;, Highland Springs
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Lrerly's
BucknelU. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Oif»
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Port Bragg,
West Point, Usal; at WilllU for Fort Bragg.
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto. , Covelo, Lay ton-
ville Cumrolngs. Bell's. Springs,. Harris, Ol-
sen'a, Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka,
Saturday, to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced ratea. ¦ . ."¦ . ¦- "-¦
On Sunday round-trip tickets . to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices, 630 Market street. Chroniel*
building. " .
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN, •
Gen. Manager.. Gen. Pas*. Agt.
¦ TOSANRAFAEL,
R0SSVAI1EY,
;lfflLL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
Via Sauialito Terry.
-' Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric-—
Depart frcra San Francisco. Daily 7:00, 8:00.
9:00 10:00 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45, 3:15, 4:15,
6:16' 6:15. 7:00, S:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally. 5:25, 6:35. 7:40. 8:35. »:.:."., 11:CS a.
m. 12:20, 1:45, 2:55, 3:45, 4:45. ,5:45. 6:45.
8:4*5 10:20 p. m. - , • . A
i FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Daily. 5:45, • 6:65, 7:52, 8:55; 0:53,"
11:20 a. m., 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05, 5:06. 6:05.
! 7:05. 9:00, 10:35 p. m. -
i FOR FAIRFAX— Depart 8:fK) a. m. and 5:15
p. m. week days; 8:00, 9:00. 10:00,' 11:00 a. m.,
'. 12:20 and 1:45 p.'m.- Sundays.
, THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. dally — Cazadtro and way stations.
I 5:15 p. m. week days (Saturday excepted)—
• Tomales and way stations. . . • ¦
:, 3:13 - p. m. ' Saturdays— Caxadero and way
:. stations. " ; .-' - -..r- ./-..; : .'. ',.-¦• ¦ ¦
-. Sundays only— 10 a. m., " Point . Reyes 'and
way .stations.- - - ' ¦:-' .-• .. ¦/
i' ! TICKET OFFICE— 620 Market at,
' . FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st. . :
IVIt. T am alpais Railway i
!<".--.-.-Um'-.; .-,; Tk Inaslits Hcrj ;.- -irrfwj r,
S— Frand»c» HwtrfKsrktfc . San Fran cfaca.
.^¦Weds SS^? ¦-""¦ WW'*--- Sw»- IWeaS":
Days, dayi ' days Daya.
mwi -8:00a &$j*ES33k i2io» f r5TJui
•1:*6p 9:00a KbjJrS&UV ltSftr t:50r
•tlSr 1O:OOa W5B5gy t-.»Or S:5O»
— — > 1:OOa tB V 4:5*p »!«••
— ~ l:«Sr Wf »«8»r^— _»
- \ ¦: «tt— I »» rtsy tj »>*l.f Mitm wti TOW bm -' j
' ncirr i «26 Majuut ST^(Norti» Shore RallroaJT
•IUB }aodSauaALrro Fcaav. Foot Mark* *.
WHY NOT TRY
Highland
IF YOU ARE GOING TO THE
Springs
%V E OFFER YOU THE BEST OF MINERAL,
waters, accommodations and service. Table
unsurpassed. Rooms hard finished, lighted by
electricity. Buildings newly painted. All the
popular sports and amusements. Livery, tele-
j ili one and postofnee.
Shortest route and cheapest fare to Lako
County. Mont centrally situated. Delightful
excursions on Clear Lake and to other resorts.
Mako your reservations now.
Terms reasonable. For booklet, etc., address
CRAIG & KERR,
Highland Springs, Cal.
LOS GATOS.
HOTEL LYNDON — Modern Improvements,
extensive grounds: popular amusements; lawn
tennis, croquet; climate unsurpassed. Opposite
depot. J. P. MOGEXSON, Prop.
TUXEDO HOTEL.
Extensively improved nlnce last season.
Opens April 1. THOS. L. BELL, Mgr., Felton.
Cal. Buy tickets to Tuxedo, narrow-gauge,
foot of Market street. Round trip. $3.00.
CADnCC DFCT Forde's Rest, heart of Santa
iUIYUD jnDI Cruz Mts. S. P. C. R. R..
round trip $3; enlarged; surrounded by two ro-
mantic trout Ft reams; fishing, hunting, ba th-
ing; a picturesque place. Adults $6.50 per
week, children half price. W. C. FORDE, Eo-
clee. Cal. . ¦ . '
HOWELL ML, WOODWORK'S ?i K t h u &
No fog. Purest spring water. Climate natural
tonic and invigorator. Residence 29 years. $7
per week. Voodworth & Muller. St.Helena.Cal.
RFDfiCHFIM Delightfully situated in the
DCKU JUCIJI , Santa Cruz Redwoods. Rates
$7 and IS per week. . For circulars address G.
F. BIEDENWEQ. R, D. 121. Santa Cruz, Cal.
ROCKY Falls Farm, 4 miles from Santa Cruz.
In mts. Q.M.Shlppey.144 R.F.D.Snta Cruz.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine. . - . . -
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonio tor \ the Sexual Organs, for both sexes. <
The Mexican ¦ Remedy for Dlseaaaa I of - tha
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER, ALFS * , BRUNE. , Agents, ¦
S23 Ma/ket St., 8. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
THE GEYSERS
The Most Famous; Health and Pleasure
Sesort in California,.
THE CLIMATE AND SCENERY are unsur-
passed and the waters are acknowledged the
bert on the market. Natural mineral, steam
and Hamtnam baths. Swimming lake of tepid
mineral water. Boating, hunting, fishing,
dancing, shuffle-board, billiards and croquet.
THE HOTEL. AND COTTAGES have been
renovated throughout, and new cottages aad a
fine pavilion built this year.
There will be a fully equipped dairy and Ht-
«T stable in connection with the hotel. Th«
hotel, cottages, bath houses and grounds are
lighted by electricity.
The hotel will be supplied with the best the
market affords. Rates. $10, $12. $14 and J18
per week. For further particulars and booklet
write H. H. CUTtRY. Prop. The Geysers,
Sonoma County, California,
VACATION 1904
" IS NOW READY FOR DISTRIBUTION.
"VACATION" is issued an-
nually by the
California Northwestern R'y
TEX FXCTU&ESQUE KODTE CT CALIFORNIA
and Is the standard publication
on the Pacific Coast for informa-
MINERAL SPRING RESORTS,
COUNTRY HOMES AND FARMS
WHERE SUMMER BOARDERS
ARETAKENJ AND SELECT CAMP-
ING SPOTS.
This year's edition, "Vacation '
1904," contains over 150 pages,
beautifully Illustrated, and is
complete in its detailed informa-
tion as to location, accommoda-
tions, attractions, etc., with
terms from J7.00 per weelc up.
To be had at Ticket Offices, 650 Market
Street (Chronicle Building), aad Tiburon Ferry,
foot of Market Street; General Office. Mutual
Life Building, corner of Bansome and California
Streete, Ban Francisco.
Application* by Hall Will , HeoelT* Xm-
medlata Response.
H. C WHITING. Gen'l Manager.
H. X. RYAN, Gen'l Pass'r Agent '
• '
F!SHING— HUNTING
The Fishing at Bartlett Promises to Be
Unusually Good This Season,
A.= th" trout planted in the near-by Rtrpams
durinr the past years have attained «hrlr
crowth.-
If you ar* a. *»ort come to Bart!»>tt and
enjoy yourself.
The eerviifr* of Guide Crabtree, who con-
ducted tho KaocesFful bear hunts of last
year, with the bet--t boar dog* on the coast.
can b* obtained by thoic'who desire to
hunt btar.
RATES $12 to $17.50 per week
Write J. E. McMAHAX, 15artlett Bprinire.
Cal., cr call at 'i Suttcr Street, San Fran-
cisco.
hot srnixGs. eonoma
Qlf/lf*f*Q COUNTY; only 4>4 hours
OA/tC/U'O from San Francisco and
but 9 miles Flaring; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues: be*t natural
hot mineral water bath in Stjte; boatlns; and
• fWJmming in Warm Springs Creek; 6 ood 1 trout
»trc*mi-- teiephone. tclecraph. daily mail, *-x-
i -(it and Kan Francisco mornint and evening
r^r. FUl£T-CLAES HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE; both morning and arternoor itit»««;
rr,und trip from Han Francisco only J5 60. Take
TSburon ferry Oaily at 7:30 a. nv or 3:oO p. m.
l;e'*» J2 a day or *12 a week. Keference*. any
guest or the paat nine years. Patnjnage of
IS03 nnprecfidetited. Information at Peck • In-
foTmnUon Bureau. II Montgomery et.. or of
J. F. MIXGRUW. Skaggs. Cal.
CAMP=s
P VACATION
be: ¦--._.•'¦
The hotel un<3pr canvasj . on th<? Rus-
Pian River, near Guernevllle. will open
ilay 1. MRS. U C. CNOPIUS.
OpSiiMEr Home *» ¦ssssi"^ Camp Mserer
Pure water, equable climate, lota selling $10
up: cottages built by Meeker, |50 up; depot;
rtorec; restaurant; hotel; post and express;
telephone; eawmill; 600 Iota sold; 300 cottages
to*ilt. gausallto terry, U. B. It. R. M. C
MEEKER, Camp Meeker. Eonoma. County.
Napa Soda Springs.
The famous mountain health and pleasure
resort Is now oixn lor the patronage of the
BUblic. Addresi JOHN JACOBS.
ADVERTISEMENTS*
fJM KSjfJrm fla wSf wr^M— rWJB IV SUjS wM BtVb. KM r.Yi3 IbbbVV
rB B^Br UNI b^HbT BpIHUA 1m W&9 *}& B^bhW BB BBBBr^
¦Jm ¦ Br Sty m vim. ¦fill bSSS r mm JsVI zSf S By
yk BESmbV a \Sm bBi Wot 8 LbV «^B
The Kind You Have Always Bought has borne the signa-
, ture of Clias. II. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision for over 3O years. .Allow no one
' to deceive you In this. Counterfeits, Imitations and ,
'•• Just-as-good " are but Experiments, and endanger the /
health of Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor. Oil, Pare-' ,
goric, Drops and Soothing- Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys "Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and "Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation ,
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates tho
j Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep*
r The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend,
Tie Kind You Me Always Bought
\yj Bears the Signature of
In Use For Over 30 Years.
THC CCNTftU* COMMNV. TT MURRAY •TftCrT, NCWVOItft CITY.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
MUNYON'S
CURE
I WILL REFUKD TOUR K01ET IF IT FAILS
I know that my Rheumatism Cure will
cure sharp shooting pains 5n th« Arms.
L^r*. Side. Back or Breaet and Rheu-
matic Swelling; or Soreness of any part
of th<* body in a few hours.
It effects a speedy nnd permanent euro
of all forms of Rheumatism. Sciatica,
Ijumbagro. or pain In the back. Laxnenesa,
Stiff and S'wollen Joints, and all pains in
hips and loins. This remedy does not
put the disease to sleep, but drives It
from the system. It neutralizes the add
and makes pood. rich, red blood.
Get a bottle of this remedy, and If you
are not perfectly satisfied with results I
will refund your money.
If your blood Is Impure, or If you have
Dyspepsia, or any liver or stomach trou-
ble, don't fall to use Munyon's Paw-Paw.
It cures Dyspepsia. Nervousness. Ca-
tarrh. Sleeplessness and makes you
Ftronj? and well. — MUNTON.
Munyon's Paw-Paw Tonic at all drugr-
pisus". Paw-Paw Laxative Pills, the best
Stomach and L,iver Pills on earth, 25c a
bottle.
\
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I^k^bb^bW
AVOID
TUC PAIIOC
lilt UAUot
of ;..:•;'
UIOlHOL
Ni.ie : tentbs of all our diseases ,
'/¦have their, beginning with /*';
CONSTIPATION.
• It is a duty we owe to our
body to secure a free move-"
; ment of the bowels once every ;.v
day. The one reliable remedy
for constipation is
HUNYADI JANOS
ITHE NATURAL LAUTIVE WATER. |
Haifa glass on •rising gives I \
prornpt and pleasant relief. : I
I I—I .¦¦¦¦¦¦^¦BSlSSBSBSBBBBBSBSStBB^BSMBBs' '*'THE SAN FRANCISCCaCALI^ I/FUESDAY, 12.-1904.
12
I B U S I JV E S S _CH AJkXES.
A^$f26oTc6RNER grocery etore on Kearny
«,; full value In eight; a splendid chance
lor an ItaMan. Call R. G. WILKE. 20V4
XCearnjr tt. , -'¦¦ |
A — $750; SALOON on Montgomery «.; |<ace
established years; owner clearing; about $125
per month: investigate; a bargain. Cull R.
G. WILKE. -C'a Kearny tt. -«
i A— $700; CORNER saloon on Howard su; safe.
1 cash recister. poo! table, etc.; rent $30; _
rooms; pesition of $-ttso per month accepted
by owner cause of Hale. R. G. WIL1CE.
26}j Kearny et.
A— $3000; CAFE and grill room Jn one of the
best located hotels ol this city: rent $100; a
< splendid chance for an active young man :
knowing his business; lease; liberal terms
, given. Call R. G. WILKE. 20}_ Kearny st.
A — 1500; saloon, close to Mason and Market;
rent $110; a place established years and doing
a flrct-class paying: bu6ine*s; value In sight.
See R. G. WILKE. 2«H Kearny.
A — $3250; corner ealoon on water front; rent
$S0; good lease; place established years; In
large brick building and doing an Al busi-
ness; disagreement of partners only cause of
tmle. R. G. WILKE. l'li*4 Kearny st-
A $2000 DRUSTORE close to Call building;
estab. IS years; well paying; valu? in-stock;
a very rare* chance for good drucc-ist- See
R. G. WILKE. 26VJ Kearny sL \
A— $3000— CORNER saloon; close to Call bldg;
8 years' lease; net rent $120; this Is one of
the be.t saloon locations in this city, and
a live man can clear $500 per month. Call
R. O. WILKE. 20 H Kearny st.
A — $1000; SALOON and liquor store on Sixth
st.; rent $50; business O K. but owner Is en-
gaged in other business; must sell at once.
R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny st. -
A — $4500; COFFEE, tea ar.d crockery store ; one
o! the leading businesses of this kind and in
choicest location In this city; rent $65; all .
cash trade; stock will Invoice $i000: a very
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 28H j
Kearny st.
A— $u;00 — COKNEK cigar stand on Kearny;
rent $65; lta>e. a good business; .come and '
Investigate. K. G. WILKE. 2tiVi Kearny st.
Al BLOCK of laad, 300x300, In San Leandro
with house of 4 rooms; Income $400 per
year irom fruit; will exchange for dairy
nPSIXESS^ CHANCES-— Contln-ed. _'
A— STRANGERS. ATTENTION'. ' , "
Are you looking for a safe and profitable
business opening in San Francisco? If so,
we- can otfer' you any number requiring an
Investment fromSlOO to $50,000: every busi-
ness opportunity that passes through our
office jr.ust stand the closest Investigation,
and we ran place, you in a store, factory,
hotel, mill, oince, or. In fact, any business
you may prefer.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 927 Market st.
A— BANK AND COMMERCIAL References.
GERMANIA, INVEST CO., 927 Market St.
A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can Invest $500 in" a
high-class real estate office and flll position
of cashier; experience not necessary; Invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GF.RMANJA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st. '
A— WE WILL FURNISH YOU A BOND.
GERMAN IA INVEST CO.. t>27 Market st.
A— SHIPPING AND TRANSPORTAT1 0 N.
A buslne-ss man who can invest $5000 cash,
with services, can secure good opening with
high-class company In this city. ¦
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 927 Market 6t-
A— WE CAN FURNISH YOU A PARTNER. ','
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
A— HOTEX. FOR SALE. '
New and modern: 60 rooms: richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing-room with 16 tables and Imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buy
throughout; finest linen and best silver ser-
vice; 10 years' leaee; $10,000: easy term*.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
A — WE CAN SELL YOUR STOCK.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market St.
A— $100 REWARD
Will be raid for legal proof showing that
any person ever, lost a dollar who Invested
any money In or through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY,
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock. $50,000.
027 Market St.. rooms 321. 322. 823, 824.
A— ONLY HIGH-CLASS INVESTMENTS,
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 027 Market St.
A^ 2~PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of $100 and upward: no "get-
rtch-qulck" swindle or gambling echeme. but
a reputable business estab. H years In S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. B27 Market fct.
I.onoiVr; HOI'SK* FOn < * >>,— Ton.
A. CAMERON & CO. '• - South 1050.
3 Eddy si., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Roomlng-Houses. "Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
• 100 rooms; new- -and ¦ elegantly- appointed
apariment-hcuse; swell location; long lease:
cheap rent; >oart- cash.- balance made cut of
house without interest.. ¦.-.'.•'
10 rooms; Ellis: newly furnished; rent $40:
apartments; $200 down, balance $20 per month,
no Interest: must be .sold on account other
business; price $725. '¦ ¦ ¦
75 rooms; new, modern building; elegant fur-
nishings; cheap rent; close" In; will clear $400
per month; $5000. down balance can b« paid
out of house; tee this. . . v .
17 rooms; rent only<$70: oak furniture; Ax-
minster carpets; flns location; clears $80; fine
buy.
2fl rooms: central ;\:heap r rent; well fur.; some
housekeeping; -full; will take flat In exchange.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate bati-.s; beautiful furniture: 2 entrances;
takes In $30 to $40 per day., transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
y ¦ - ______ --;¦•-¦ --V-, . I,. j
21 rooms; corner: ' rent only $85: oak fur.:
good carpets: housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses- 4 rooms landlady;
price $1600.
60 rooms; new; modern apartment-house; 10-
year lsase; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.'
11 rooms; Ellis st.; close in; 'oak furniture;
tr.oa.uet carpets: part cash, balance -time; pries
$er>o. 7
108 rooms: cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished; .up-to-date rooming-bouse: has fine
bar: can be run in conjunction If desired; rar«
chance for right . parties; part cash, balanc*
can be paid out. of house; other business Inter-
ests demand Immediate departure.:.. .'-
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; hew and
up-to-date, house; ." all men: electric elevator,
lights; >ng lease; clears $400 *lo $500 per
nvinth; one of the best buys In, the city.
' 19 rooms: rent only $100': well furnls'hed; lit-
tle apartment-houee; reduced to $1100.
20 rooms: cheaD rent:' close In:" thoroughly
SPIRITUALISM. ¦ .
Mrs. Dt. Martin, wonderful spiritual healer ar.d
' business medium: readings dally,^1; develop-
ing class Thurs., S p.m.. 1006B GoldenGate ave.
MME. YOUNG'S genuine spirit . messages to-
night, 10c; come, skeptics. C19 McAllister.
W. G. KEEGAN holds test seances every night
except Sat.; 10c;,«it. 10 to 5.. 143 Sixth st.
MRS. LESTER'S test circle 8 p. m., 10c: read-
ings dally, 25c and 50c. 122 Taylor si.
EDWARD" EARLEri052"^:ills~readlngs dally.
: 9:30-io 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS~noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott SS7.
CLAIM VOYAXTS. •
- • — _" — " -. ' '
THE FUTURE REVEALED. i
THE PAST DISCLOSED,
THE PRESENT ANALYZED !
"¦:';.'• BY LIVINGS'lONE,
42S Eddy st. .
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living page of Flammarlon's treatises that
Is so electrifying the world to-day. HE IS
NO IMITATOR. His work Is upbn original
lines; PURE THOUGHT. CLEAR ' VISION.
He TELLS YOU WHAT YOU DESIRE TO
KNOW. AND" WORKS IN THE OPEN
LIGHT. AND IS AS CONSPICUOUS FOR
ITS WONDERFUL OCCULT ANALYSIS AS
IT IS FOR ITS ORIGINAL EXPRESSION I
AND VIVID TRUTHFULNESS. V; 1
A test reading is not a life reading. When
you cat! on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will |
give you a full' life reading for $1. A .test Is
of little value when the mind is troubled—-
you need more substantial aid' and advice.
This Is Just what .PROF. LIVINGSTONE
gives you when you call on him for a flrst-
¦ class ' clairvoyant reading. Ha asks- you no
question.-, but tells you what you wish to
know. •>, ¦ .
Ho does not menttomall the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts In your case. Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE ajialyze tl.a matters that ar«
troubling you. find the cause of trouble and
' suggest the remedy.
- Remember the number — 428 EDDY ST.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
ASSURED success for you.
Call at once and save $4.
nil fim/iiii *r> roai-itnir this week for
UHES3MAKERS AXD SKA3ISTRESSES
Accordion; sunburst and' knife-plaiting; double
stamp* on dre?s linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. IIP Taylor: tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking &'M!Ilinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
. EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEoTjGK^Aokl.. 421. Post St.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment , offlce: . fur-
nlbhes best help; contracts for farm help, etc
A— OKPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
FRITZ'S Emc. Office; Japanese and ChSnesa
help. ¦/ 415 Stockton st. Tel. .Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of- j
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
CHINESE and "Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
ETJIPLOYMEXTsW'AXTED— FEMALE.
At 508 Mason; Mrs. Walser; phone Black 1B33.
Refined lady as housekpr.: full charge: $30-(35
Experienced cook for family; no children.
2 responsible persons as cashiers; best ref.
Saleslady: best of ref. 4 chambermaids; 2
waitresses; summer resort: ref.
Refined lady as_housekeeper; |20-$25.
STRONG, willln-. American woman wants
laundry work only; $1 25 and car fare;
sweeping and cleaning also done on other
day. 648A Jessie st:. downstairs.
SITUATION wanted by an Eastern lady as
second matron or housekeeper in an Institu-
tion, or would teach children housework and
sewing. Box 1566, Call offlce. ' .
FIRST-class dressmaker, . just from the East,
would like to go out by the day to do dress-
making or plain sewing. Plea$s call at 23$
Shipley st.. near Fifth. .
WANTED— Mending; keep ladies' muslin un-
derwear in repair; stockings darned: reason-
able; references. Address MRS. C, 593
O'Farrell st : - _______
EXPERIENCED lady would like position as
saleslady In bakery, or cashier. Box 1565),
Call offlce. .
RELIABLE German couple desire care of
house during, summer months. Box 1570. Call
SCAN!JIN.\VIAH K'rl wishes place fcr general
houMWcrk;. vJB?es $25 a month. Call at
E.MPLO YMEXT WAXTED — MALE. __
YOUNG man desires position as stenographer:
two years' experience commercial work; state
iriarV AddreVs box 1515. Call of3c».
A PAINTER, paperhanger and tlnt.r ~«»»
work- rates reasonable, or by tn« aay.
Painter. 737; Harrison st. :' basement.
A SHIPPING c>rk. with the best o/- c "*
references, would \V*» position In city, or
would go north. Box 8345. Call of»c«.
A STRONG, reliable man would H£? * ¦••*«»-
tlon as porter or watchman. Address H. C..
7°Baldwln court, off Fotaotn. st- near 1st.
YOUNG man (20 years of *«*>£*£> * po ', ! ;
tlon as stenographer; good references. B.-
Chester St., Oakland. .
h'ivtfDi By younr man (22 years of ag*>
"p^iTifn 3 !, ste'nocrfpber: best of references
f.72 Chester ?t.. Oakland. __,
YOUNG man wants work In wholesale flrm.
Box 1513. Call. .-':'
ICECREAM maker wants situation; first cla««.
Bo- 1522. Call. -_ -
A POSITION to t»a» charge of Institution or
hotel laundry. Box 153S. Call office.
WRAPPER wants to work. 1845 Geary st.
STENOGRAPHER, understand* bookkeeping:
best references. Box 3CS3. Call. -_
YOUNG man wishes position In stable. R-.
box 230. Call office. " ;
1 JAPANESE high school student - wants a
A ,Uuatfcn « schoolboy: K week; plain cook or
waiter. Address box 1571. Call office.
JAPANESE couple want position; man !¦
cook and wife for general housework. AO-
dress A. FUJI I. US Eddy st.
YOUNG Chinese, first -clasa cook, wants po-
rtion In private family; wages foi. AH
SING. 815 Dupont st. _______
FLATS TO LET.
AAA^HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed In our free renting department: over 1CC0
In number: a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you 3 list and help you to End a
place; we never fall; servicefree.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
THE^CALL
— ,
9OB.V X>. SPB~ CKX-S. Proprietor.
Iccres cciDEMiiaiic-i id ]QSS KcSAUGHT, Maiiagr
W. J. MARTIN .Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With toe Department You VMen.
Publication Offloe Market and Third. S "•
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. TB
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 L ents_
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash w .tn
Order) : . „
»»___T CALL Onclud. Sunday). 1 Jear...*8W
JlAILY CALL (lnelud Sunday) « mo*.... \™
DAILY CALL— By Klr.gle Month ••£
SUNDAY CALL 1 Year... f™
POSTAGE. \ Vv>" kl y. 1 CO Per Tear Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be for— .arded when re-
Mall subscribers in ordering change ef *A-
<ress should be particular to Rive bota NEW
AND OLD ADDP.ESS In order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
«uest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
111S Brcaflway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
«4S Center Street Teiephon* North T7
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NETT TOP.K NE1VS STANDS:
~.-_".<5or?-Astor'.a Hotel: A. Brentano, 81
Vnicn Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-s-e-
»uc Ho;el end Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEV/6 STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Talker House.
CHICAGO KEPUnSEXTATI-TS:
C GEORGE KKOCXESS ..Marauelt* Building
(Long Distance Telephcne. "Central 2G1». )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE.
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bullflln*
NEW YOnK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAB-TON Herald Square
BUSINEPe OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call corner Market and Third streels; open
until 12 o'clock every rrpht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market eircet. opposite Fifth: cpen until
11 r ni. _j,
5',-T Montgomery street, corner Cay: open
untl! t*:30 p m.
SOft Kayes street: oren until 0:30 p. m.
'¦r.9 MeAIUtter street; open urtl! 9:30 p. tn.
*i\U Lotkln street: open until 9:30 p. m.
VMi Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
_V'J1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
urtil 0 p. m.
1"6 Eleventh street; oren until 9 p. rn.
1> v .*> Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Kprtbccat corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until * p. m.
Northwest coiner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; oren until » P- m.
_?_¦<<» Fillmore ttrect; open until 3 p. m.
3ie_:ti>u notices.
MISSION Charter. No. 70.. R. A. M— »
.Special meeiingr THIS (TUESDAY) VVf
EVENING. 7:;M.* o'clock. M. M. de- /V>
eite. By order of the H. JP.
JOHN R. HILLMAN. SecrrtaTy.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. _
will meot THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- N_\f
ING. April 12. at 7:30 o'clock. M. M. />r\
oegrce. By ordfr of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. pAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and »
A. M — Oall-<1 meeting THIS (TUES- YY
DAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock. Third / >r\
degree. By order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Ledgp N". 14t, F. and A. e
M.— Third degree THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING at S o'clock. /Y\
A. S. HUBHAKU, Secretary.
KINO SOLOMON'S Lo-Jge No. 2<A F. e
aid A. M.. :S.;9 Fillmore st.— Second YY
degree THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING /V\
at 7:^0 <Vrlo<-k.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
GOLDEN OATD Kncampir.ent No. 1 gt JS
IOO y. — Member* will as-M-mble in~ \_r"
their lo«1reroom on WKDXESDAV at XV
1 o'clock to • attend the funeral off \
Brother W. IteAfee. C E. PERRY. ''. P.
TKllPLAR Lr*3r» No. 17. I. O. O. litfjwjL.
F. — Double initiation ¦'. ill< ¦-'-,**: Ji^^-_
.TUESDAY) EVENING
brothers ccrdlally hrtrttM. ¦^*5J**'
J. R. MOKRISON. R. B.
NOTICE of annual meeting of HerC—Btni Trust
«"oip.pary of San Francisco — Tli<- regular an-
nual — renting of the Stockholders <>f the
Mercantile Trust Company of San Francisco
-111 be held on WEDNESDAY. April 27.
10C4, at 12 o'clock no..n. «t th» .'ffice of
the i-ompany. 4C.4 California etreet. San
F'-ar.'Mi-co. California, for th«» purp<-w "f
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and tot the transaction of fuc-Ii
ether bucln^ys as nay ccme before the meet-
lr_\
Transfer books will close on Saturday,
ApTil l'>. 1Pf--4, at 12 o'clock noon.
Dated Ai.rll 11. 190*.
JOHN D. McKEE. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— Notice is hereby givn
that the seventeenth annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Italian-Swiss Mutual
rarch. Call R. G. WILKE. --'tiH Kearny «t.
A — $4W» — CORNER grocery and bar on Larkln
Et., doing a one cask business; value In
eight; freth ctock; no better location In this
city. See K. G. WILKE. 26 H Kearny tt.
A— $20CO— COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
waterfront, clove tr. Market st.; place estab-
lished ytis and well paying; daily receipts
about $C0. Call RT G. WILKE. 1'6H Kearny.
A— $1100— SaLOON. with 3 rooms; close to
Kearr.y ar.d Bush sts; rent $75; lease; place
easily, clears $200 per month; nice fixtures,
choicest stork of liquors. AH particulars of
K. a. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1750— CORNER grocery and bar on
O'Farrell st. ; piace kept by present owners
S years and doing a gcod paying cash busl-
nes;-; frcsr* stock: value in »i_ht. R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $(J50- CORNER bakery, with 4 living
rooms; about 2 blocks north of Market St.;
will be sacrificed If sold at once; owners to
leave city. Call R. G. WILKE. 2QU Kearny.
A — $7J.O — CANDY store and Jce cream parlors,
with stationery, etc., on Devisadero St.; 3
living rooms; a splendid location and good
business. See R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny.
A— $3000; COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
ft.; rent $40; lease; 3 horses. 6 wagons; busl-
p?es estab. years; investigate at once; a rar*
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — $12>'<0; COFFEE saloon and bak-ry tn
choicest location; 'rent $80; flatly receipts
about $70; a good business, but sickness of
nwnrr compels him to retire. Particular* R.
G. WILKE. t*6',i Kearny st.
$2.V> SECURES Interest In light offlce work
whereby party can easily clear $90 monthly;
reference* exchanged: experience not neces-
sary; live mat, wanted: bona fide proposition.
Particulars 1007'J Market *>t., room 1.
$700 — CANDY and Ice cream partor; money
maker: rent $18; everything complete; fine
locality; grand opportunity. Particulars
1W>«>3 Market St., room I.
CIGAR stand; Kearny St.; doing a fine busi-
ness; cheap if sold at once; account old age.
Inquire 1007^ Market St.. rocm 1.
$_O0— RELIABLE man to take cash, attend
nor". o;c; salary $1S week, guaranteed; :
money secured. IQSTJi Market st.,' room 2.
CIGAR stand; south Market: rent $25: $550;
splendid location. T.J.DUNN _ CO.. 1312 Mkt.
2S ROOMS, furnished, occupied; clears $W; rent
$37 .*>O; $1000. T. J. DUNN & Co.. 1312 Market.
PFLIOATESSEN. branch bakery: Mission: 3
living rooms, furnished: rent $17 50; $450.
T. J. DUNN & CO.. 1312 Market st.
40 TALKING scales for sale, with exclusive |
riKlit; good proposition: see us quick. T. J.
DUNN & CO.. 1^12 Market st. I
CIGAR rxmte In a coming location: Invoice $400;
rent $50: 2-year lesFt-; ?400; a suie fcnap.
T. J. DUNN _ CO.. 1312 Market st.
A— $3(100; ROADHOUSE; 50 acres included; 2
Etagps: bargain. KREDO & CO.. 705 Market.
A — PARTNER wanted; old-estab. commission
bu<=!n«»ss' rare chance for reliable man with
little money. KREDO & CO.. 7C5 Market Et.
A— $80<>; HOTEL and bar. near city: 16 rooms;
a bargain. KREDO & CO.. 7C5 Market st.
A— OYSTER and chop house; 14 tables: prl\-ate
rooms connected on second floor: elegant bar-
Kaln- paving business; must be sold; Rood
locality: 'cstaltifhed 20 years. II. DOYLE.
1C23 Market St.. above glxth.
$100—PARTY to work in a light manufacturing I
buslr.ess (wholesale and retail) and Uarn the
trad;; R«od wages. 310 Folsom st.
A — We refer to 1000 successful clients.
OERAIANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market St.
A^ A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secure Interest and
offlce of treasurer tn an Incorporated realty
and Investment company; $150 monthly as-,
surcd: hlchest references given and requiatd.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.,- 927 Market St.
A— WE CAN SELL~YOUR BUSINESS.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 927 Market st.
A^ MERCHANTS, ATTENTION !
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so. we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
•who will Invest from ' $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
A — Largest brokerage company on Pacific Coast
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 927 Market st.
A^ THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of eold stock of the Norton Bay
Co.. $25; will be worth $200 by August. 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., »27 Market st.
A^ COPPER STOCK FOR SALE.
We are offerinir a great bargain in copper
mining stock, where the Investment Is safe
and sure to make large profits; the mines
are located In the best copper district; for a
few days we will offer this stock, par value
$1 per share, at 2Oc on the dollar.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO^ Phone South 1050
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000
Candv and Icecream parlors. .. .$200 to $2500
Barber shops $500 to $2500
Cigar stands $^.V> to JJOOrt
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloer.s $3«:0 to $10,000
Restaurants $350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $?.00 to $100'
Druff stores $2000 to $0000
Delicatessen stores $250 to $4500
•Wood auU coal yards $250 to $1000
A FIKST-CLASS opportunity for druggist or
doctor; fine location for drugstore; good fix-
tures, counters and showcase; rent only $60;
bu?ine?E already established; with 0 rooms
and bath In rear: elegantly /furnished
throughout; everything complete for house-
keeping of the best quality; price $1800.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mines; fine prospect:
located In ("al.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-house or business. Cameron, 8 Eddy.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort; fine
proves; 36-room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for business: 20 acres land goes
with leas=e: raise own hay. vegetables; all
kinds fruit; rent $500 per year; equity in
this $l*T>0(>: death in family cause of 6ale.
CAMERON & CO:
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants In city:
• heap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day: will
bear Investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
&. CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Ladies' furnishing and fancy goods
business: cheap rent: well located; estab-
lished 12 years: will invoice $SOCO; sickness.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Half Interest In good paying, swell
little restaurant: obllted to leave city; a
Enap at $275. CAMERON & CO.
FOR SALE — A small hotel, furnished, on
Beach Hill, Santa Oruz; also furnished cot-
tage for rent. Address "J. S..'" 66 Wash-
ington st.
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
30 rooms; rent only $150: oak and cherry
fur.; fine carpets; close in; fins money-maker.
220 rooms: new and up-to-date. apartment-
house; luxuriously fiirnfshed; -5-year contracts
tor cheap lighting; »grand new building; clear-
ing $400 £0 $W)0 per .month; obliged to leave
city.
11 rooms: rent $40; close In';' oak, cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; clears - $55. over all
expenses; ?400. cash, balance time; snap; $700.
46 room-; rent only $65; well 'located hotel,
south of Market; fine bar: well stocked; brick
building: electric lights; everything good con-
dition; part 1 cash, balance time; price $2500;
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
40 rooms: eiigantly furnished; rent only $250;
oak and mahogany furniture; 60 boarders;
clearing $250 uer month; close In; fine buy;
price $ti000.
'.) rooms; sunny flat;,- rent $50; oak. mahog-
any fur. ; obliged to leave city; reduced to $650.
2S rooms: elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doln? fine business; will trade for large
apartment-hou&e and pay cash difference.
IS rooms; rent $85; well furnished; all new;
*00O down, balance l'-i per cent; fine buy; only
$1250.
25 rooms; rent only $60; north Market; all
full; clears $100 per month; price $lS00; will
exchange for small chicken ranch.
lOti rooms; new; most elegantly appointed
family hutel In city; all full and clearing $400
to $000 vir month: books open for- inspection;
obliged to leave city. •
7-room flat: rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpetr; sickness; price $350.
162 rooms: most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house In San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern bulldlns; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $100 oer month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
8 rooms; fliic upper flat; rent Only $30; can
be had bv paying $150 down, balance time;
$450.
18 rr-omi: rent $85. north Market: close In:
good money-maker; reduced from $1600 to $1100.
00 rooms- part offices; elegant. new building
and furniture; hlgh-clnss location; beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill In
connection; best proposition In city; called East.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur- 1
nlshed: oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
23 rooms; w?ll furnished; first-class . tran-
sient house; 2 blocks off Market; 5-year lease;
clearing over $100; good buy for some one.
31 rooms; rent $110; all light rooms: clear-
Ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap; only $S0O
to get in; must leave city at once; price $1300.
128 rooms: cheap rent; long lease; first-
class up-to-date downtown hotel; well fur-
nished; clearing $500 to $600 per month: must
sell on account of other buslnebs; only with us.
H. C. DECKER PHONE JOHN 531
»06 Market St., Corner Stockton, Opp. Fourth.
, Headquarters for Rooming Houses.
Twenty-eight Years In Business In This City.
$1 $1 . $1 . $1 . $1 $1 ; $1 $1
No charge No charge
Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE,
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever in San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full ijudse.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name,, oc-
cupation and what you called fcr: I tell you if
hpsband, wife or lover Is true or false; who
and when you will marry: how to gain the love
of the one you desire; "In fact," I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself: his advice is reliable, his pow-
ers are wonderful and indisputable: he lm- 1
proves your character so /that you will reacn
the highest possible development In mental
vizor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth;, the controlllne power Implanted In
your nature, so you can change the Intentions,
actions or bablts of any one secretly: cures
disease and lo?t vitality; gives advice on min-
ing and burled treasures: gives you success In
life: he guarantees you success or charges
nothing (or bis services.
10 a. in. to S p. m,; Sundays, 2 to 8.
. 32G — O'Farrell street— 326.
I&MAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently locate:'-' at 1104 Market
. st., cor. Turk: private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. : readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered. $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth: don't send currency; send pqstofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— Miss M. Wllle, 480 Geary, clairvoyant, crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given: special, $1: hours 10. to 8.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly,
advice given on all affairs of life; satisfac-
tion guaranteed: 2&c up. 17 3d.' next Exam.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
names; 1. 50c. g. $1. 714 Franklin, nr.G.G.ave.
MME. RAVENNA, formerly 5 4th St.. reads life;
business advice; names sjvenf readings 50c I
week. Offices S35 Ho'wara. bet. 4th and 5th.
Mrs. A.M. Kronenberg.palmlst, clairvoyant, card
• reader;when others fall try me; good readings
10c. 721 Franklin.nf.G.G.ave: Tel. Larlcln 4207.
MME. MARSEAU, card reader: ladies, 25c;
gents. JKV:. Wednewlays only: Ladies. lUc;
gents, 25c. 120 Sixth st. Hours 10 to 9-
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23% Cth; 1. 25c, g. 50c.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission st.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
OLDEST ledy palmist and card reader In city.
2614 Kearny. room 20; ladles. 25c; gent9, 50c:.
MME. LOVONIA, clairvoyant, palmist— Read-
ings this week 25c. 468 Jessie St., nr. Sixth.
MISS WARD gives names, dates and facts;
- readings daily; not cpen Sunday. 917 Market.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortuns-
Mler. la now at 317 Ellis St.
MRS. SHAFER. clalrvovant. card reader: sit-
tlngs dally. 448V> Jes«i» *t.. h»t. nth and Bth.
EDUCATIONAL. „_____
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of- business
study In the entire- West. New. complete,
extensive .departments. ; Thorough, Inspiring
Instruction. 75-page catalogue, on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. »01-
923 Golden Gate ave. ¦
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges:
31GM: Rltch stJJ bet. Brannan and Townsena.
A NEAT Kir! wants general housework and
plain cooking. Please call at 422 Tehama
M.. above Fifth. '
WOMAN wishes to zo out by the day: wash-
ing or housecj<?anlng. Call 157 Tehama st.
SfTUATION wanted by Finnish girl, to do
housework. 322 Fremont st.
SITUATION wanted by young woman; general
{ housework. 322 Fremont st. ______
WANTED — A position as working housekeeper
or care of Invalid. 4 CO Octavla St.
BY experienced lady's nurse; wait on invalid
and help with light housework; Is a good
plain sewer: references. Call at 653 Har-
rison st. near Fifth. -T^kX.
A SWEDISH lady with education, desiring to
learn English language, wishes position in
pood family to assist in light housework;
no attention to wages. 1161 Howard st.
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes to do up-
starrs work and take care of child; refer-
ences; wages ?25. Call Monday. 38 Elliott
Park, between Geary and O'Farrell.
PLAIN sewing taken at home, and curtains
washed. 24 Camp st., bet. Sixteenth and Sev-
enteenth, below Guerrero. ' •'-
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants work by day:
housecleanlng, washing and Ironing. Call
C7S Harrison St., off Third.
FIRST-CLASS young German nurse taking
" full charge of Infants; wages $30, $35. 50U
Leavenworth.
A COMPETENT woman: laundry, cleaning,
sewing by the day; wages $1 5O. Address
. 173A Clara «t^ '
POSITION to work In city; clean up In morn-
Ing. Box 3057. Call offlce.
A STRONG woman wishes house and window
cleaning: $1 50. 1518A Howard st.
CALL at 508 Mason St.. or phone Black 1533.
First-class ladles' employment offlce.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads an! subscriptions taken for "The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. K£\ McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WAATED MALE.
A STEAMSHIP COMPANY : '-/>!:
Desiring capable, experienced purser, or
¦' having other clerical opening for reliable
man to prove competency, aboard ship or In
office, address as below: strictly temperate;
Al reftrtnees; aged 33; single. Box ISSO.Call.
WELL educated middle-aged man, speaks
and writes English. French, German fluently,
general business experience, seeks work
(clerical) about place: care Invalid: anything;.
«mal! nag's. Box l. r >72. Call offlce.
MAN and wife wish position as cook and but-
ler: willing to assist with other work; private
family: country preferred; Al references. J.
PATRICK, 1035 Mission st. < :
A BARTENDER of experience, single, mlddle-
ajred; position of trust and country hotel
preferred: home more object than wages.
US9 Howaid st., room 78.
AUTOMOBILE to drive and care for by single,
sober. Industrious man; private family; coun-
try preferred ; personal ref. Box 1102, Call.
ALInliOUND handy -reliable man desires any
• 1039 MARKET ST.. '
. ¦. . . OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage or
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
st., on the sciuare.
EIGHTEENTH, near Valencia— New flat. 5
rooms and bath; all modern Improvements;
S2T _>O **
Sixth, near Bryant— Two flats of * r °?™*
each; $7 50 each. Apply to G. A. LEROLX.
29 New Montgomery st. _
A HANDSOME flat of 5 large rooms and bath;
fine view with big sunny yard. Inquire at
3011 Sacramento st.. Presidio Heights'.
WALLER, 1655, bet. Cole and Shrad«r—
Elegant new sunny upper flat; « rooms ana &
attic with bath. '
$32 50— Finest 6-room flat In the Mission; sun
all day; all modern. 874 Valencia St.. near
Twentieth st.
$20—334 CUMBERLAND St., near Twentieth
and Church; 5 rooms, bath, etc.; sunny;
modern. < ¦
BEAUTIFUL new upper flats In Sunset: 5-«
rooms; $25. $27 50. 1452-1458 Eighth ave.
BROADWAY, 126.?, nr. Hyde— Neat bay-win,
flat, 4 large rms.. reduced to $15; 3 rms.. *il.
HAYES 0o7 — 4 rooms, bath, water, garbage.
Janitor; hall lights free; see to-day; moderate.
MODERN flat. 5 r. & b.. yard, basement: fash-
ionable; water free; rent $27 50. 3309 Clay.
NEW. sunny flats: 4 and 5 rooms: yard; rent
reasonable. 3371 25th st.,.near Mission.
PLEASANT. 24, near Sacramento, above Tay-
lor — Modern sunny flat, 5 rooms, 2 mantels.
RITCH, 240-242— Two flats of 4 rooms each;
rents $11 50. , ,
SUNNY lower flat. \ rooms, bath and yard;
$16. 22 Shotwell st.. nt~r Fourteenth.
KJ.ATS TO LET FURNISHED.
CAPP, 614 — Flat of 6 sunny rooms complete:
piano, gas ranee: can have tenant for on»
room; adults. Call from 11 to 4. &
CAPP, 614 — Desirable, 5-room flat: piano;
coal and gas range; call between 11 and 4.
FOR 4 months, completely furnished. 7 rooms:
reasonable; adults; references. 3323 Clay st.
WASHINGTON. 2833 — Beautifully furnished
sunny flat. 7 rooms; piano; garden.
FLATS FOIl SALE: FUBXISHED.
NEW carpets and furnishings of 7-room flat for
sale at great bargain; flat rents for $37 S^
' per month; lease Indefinite. Inquire at 770
Ccla st. :->','-''- - - •
$300 WILL buy new furniture of a modern
5-room >»unny fiat and bath, everything com-
plete for housekeeping. 3270 Twentieth St..
near Folsom. ¦ .* " ¦'¦¦ -
LOVELY new flat: sun in every room: fura. al-
most new: cheau rent; ?2S5. Call 10 to. 3.
. 242 Noe st.. n?ar Market.
FfRMTUllE FOR SALE. *
ANDERSON Auction House. 1» Turk; Just off
of Market— Bedsteads, from $1 up; Iron beds.
Loan Association will be held at the office
of th<> corporation. MS Montgomery pt., mh
Krandsco, on WEDNESDAY, April 13. J904.
at 3:30 p. m.. for thp purpose of electing
<Jlre<nors for the *>n*uing year, presentation
of the seventeenth annual report and the
transaction of such other business as may
• c.me before the meeting. Books are now
«^ren for the subscription of 1<X>O sharps of
stock cf the eiehK^-nth efi£)es. By order of
the Board cf Directors.
A. SBARBOP.O. Secretary.
, AGE>TS WAXTED.
AGENTF — An agency for a proposition that Is
a elided improvement on building and loan
1» worth havir.e. Gr^at Wpftcrn Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
WHY <5o hard work? Do *asy work. Toothlra
Co.. 1955 Market «t.. near Thirteenth.
SEVERAL Al nvn: larpo commission. Call
10 *o 72 r.ns Parrot Mdg.
WBJTiao-.
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
ef property three $40 scholarships in the best
College of Advertising In the United States.
I will sell them at 25 per cent discount for
each: the collere teaches advertising writ-
Ing by correspondence and assists Its grad-
uates to secure positinrs; cataloru^s fur-
t5ieri*4 on •npIlcMif-. A6&T+*m box 302C. Call
ATTOnSRVS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE
Oohnsblu Law _ Coll. Agcy., r. 65. flie
Market; phone John 6220: open evenings;
transacts at most reasonable rat** all legit-
imate law business: bonds furnlrhed in
criminal and civil cases; attachments; large
and small collections tak»n.
A PRIVATE quick eivorce for a »malt f*«.
ffe ice an4 rave monry; no pay in aivanc*
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 jt».: rms. I. 2, S. 4 _ 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market St.. between Mason and Taylcr.
Advice free all matters. Detective* employed.
R. W. KING. Attorney -«t-L«i— , Exam. bid-..
6th' floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years; all cases, general court and offlce prac-
tice; no fee In advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red. 306L
DIVORCE law a. specialty; no publicity; advice
fr**: costs >12. Address B.A.S.. P.O. box 2199.
DIVORCE — Costs. 112; quick, quiet: advic*
free; cpen evenings. 027 Market «.. rm. 301.
L. 6. CLARK. P27 Market »t. ; consuitatlca
free: no fees in advance: open evenlnjrs.
cox._ectioji omems.
BAD tenants ejected for Si: collections made;
<rlty or country. Pacific Collection «'o., 413
Montgromerj'. rooms U-10; tel. Main 55R0.
CK— PIT CliOTKIEra.
C F. ADAMS CO. '
EPECIAL. CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason rt. .
CSOTB-gg -~.ITOVATI.yQ.
EUITS cleaned. and pressed. $1; scouring auid
<3ye!ng. Bon ~arcfce. 40 Ellis ¦_. room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
COTTAGES TO LET.
DOLORES St.. cor. Cumberland, near Twen-
tieth — Lovely mnny cottage, 6 rooms, bath;
$22 60.
COR. Dolores and Cumberland, near 20th —
Ca_ for dexBonstr-Uoa Tel. Jessi* 3606.
fl2<»— STOCKED delicatessen store, with fur-
niture of 4 living roms: choice location.
Box 1576, Call offlce.
OLD cst-ibllFhed downtown saloon; best loca-
tion; c-ause. sickness; no agents. Box 155S,
Call office.
WANTED — Men with some capital to take
positions In new company. Box 3503, Call.
FINELY located grocery, W^stfrn Addition;
hnrse, wa*r'«n, number steady customers;
clean salable stock at Invoice about $2:.O0.
MR. FARREN. with WM. CLUFF & CO..
201 Market st^ '
GRASP this opportunity — Livery and boarding-
stable, doing a flourishing business, clearing
$4f«» monthly: thorough investigation; books
own for inspection; amazingly low price,
tfcOtt. HINKLEY. 1020 Market St.
PATENT article; principal feature rreat ad-
vertising medium: will exchange 50.000 with
right to California for unimproved land: this
• 1r a snap: owner going to Europe. P. O.
box 162. Oakland.
A~'~RNAP— For *ale, the well-known little Dei
Monte coffee. San Mateo; established 3 years;
large dining-room; living rooms attached:
reaFon?. retiring from business. (
FOR sal?— Paper route of 800 paper* daily.
In connection with stationery nnd large list
of periodical subscribers: best cash, town on
coast. Address box 3040. Cat! offlce.
WANTED— To buy a half Interest or the
whol- of a good paying business; state
amount required. Box 3049. Call offlce.
AN Eastern man with «ome'capltal would like
to Invest In som»> kind of business. Address,
Hating particulars, box 3009. Call office.
WANTED — To make a small Investment where
I" can also give my services with a fair,
profit assured. Box 419*. Call offlce.
FCV& PALE — A general . merchandise store in
a pood business town in Fan Joaquln County.
Full particulars box 3637. Call offlce.
GENERAL merchandise store In a growing
town In. this Stnte; will sell whole or half
Interest. Box 3.'R.S, Call office. .
GENERAL merchandise «nd feed store on N.
P. C. R. R. forsale: will either sell 1 - prop-
erty or rent same. Address box 3532. Call.
FURNITURE and hardware store In a live
city Jn California for sale. Address box'
4129. Call office.
CIGAR stand for sale in a good' location on
Kearny st. : stock and cash register: good
cause for selling. Box 4210. Call offlce.
HARDWARE and plumbing business for sale
on account of icoing out of business. Apply I
1454 £>venth et., Oakland.
I DESIRE grubstake to complete prospecting
vnluable coal lande. Address Coal, box 3016,
Call offlce. .
$500 — MANUFACTURING business; partner
wanted. 'DONNELLY CO.. 032 Market St. ,
WAJCTED — Partner In old-established harness
and saddery business. 122 Montgomery ave.
FOR sale — Corner saloon; reasonable.- Apply
. Metropolitan Liquor Co..'- 714 Folsom st.
GROCERY with bar wanted., Address with
lowest price, box 4232. Call offlce.
FOR SALS — Restaurant: good location. Box
311). Call offlce. , >y
DELICATESSEN store for sale; good location
In the Mission. Box 3014. Call offlce.
WANTED — Good carpenter as partner; good
chance for good man. 3373 Eighteenth st.
FOR sale— First-class road house, near new
Chutes; bargain. 3040 Fulton st. J
GROCERY store In East Oakland for* sale;
low rent; etable and yard. Box 3098, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS massage parlor, doing good
business, for sale cheap. Apply 718 Larkln st. ;
$10()0 — LADY or gentleman partner In big-pay-
ing proposition. Box 1510, Call offlce.
DELICATESSEN — Bargain If sold at once;
leaving city on account sickness. Box 1535.
A BRANCH offlc* of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until il n. m. . - . -
LODGIXG-HOIISES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
40G Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods In fine front offlce*.
Phone Black 3007. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
beautTful
APARTMENT HOUSE of 37 rooms; beautifully
ufrnlshed In velvet and birdseye maple; new
January, 1904; easy terms If requested.
See MARION GRIFFIN.
'~~- SWORN STATEMENT.
Rooming-house; roomers select business men
who require quiet and refined -surroundings;
00 rooms, splendidly furnished; electrlc^ele-
Vator, electric lights: a widely known house;
price $5000; half cash and monthly install-
ments to cult buyer;. long lease: the manager
will ehow his books and make sworn . state-
-ment that ?287 was cleared last month.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406 Examiner bldg.
~^ PERFECT. ~ "
PERFECT bandbox of a house; clearing $143;
24 rooms on Sutter st.; swell and full of
steady roomers. See MARION : GRIFFIN.
VERY FINE
APARTMENT HOUKE near NOB HILL; 100
rooms; beautifully furnished and full of nice
people; long lease; dxact book accounts show |
$468 profit monthly. Get full, particulars of
MARION GRIFFIN.
SUPERABUNDANTLY furnlshed~Jan..- 100477
t MULTUM IN PARVO.
31 large sunny rooms — new building — straight
rooming-house, see? Fine location, near
Geary and Jones; eminently respectable: make ,
offer to MARION GRIFFIN.;.
SPECIAL. *0."~ . ¦--. ¦-.'.
ANOTHER, only with MARION GRIFFIN:
A 2-story, house of 40 rooms; good furnlsh-
lnc»; all men roomers: rent $110; clears $156
monthly: redoced to $3000. ''. ' *'¦-,¦ -
~" MONTHLY. '
RECOMMENDED 17-room house on Van Ness
avi* for $1500: rent $C0: very, little work for
landlady:- fine appearing house, - Inside ' and
I out: exquisitely furnished In elegant oak and
mahogany; -rich Brussels carpets.
Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
MITCHELL & CO..... ~... Phone Jessie 2981
• 120C Market st.. opposite Sixth. ' ¦• r.
16 rooms; neat, sunny, two-floor house; rent
$40* sell or exchange; price $650. , «,
26 rms.; choice corner rooming-house; unex-
celled for, transient as well as steady, roomers.
¦ 25 .rooms; • well-appointed -,-. . housekeeping ¦
suites: landlady must -sell;;, make otter. ¦-.¦•¦.• -
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market- st. '
100 ROOMS; tunny corner; rent $125:;.. $4500
112 rooms: clears '$350: low rent.:... ...$4500
80 rouini; 1 furniture nearly new ........ . .$3800
-15 rooms;-- fine location, s north of-- Market. $000
46 rooms; In Oakland; new; rent $(J0.;. $2500
12 rooms; % cash; cheap" rent. ......:.. $600
Money to loan on furniture, j -EITEL 1 &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st. - > . :
GOI^DEN* GATE. 305 — 9-room -.House:'; reason-'
: 'able;< clean; payments; leaving city.';- ., <* I
Money to Loan -on Any House.
MY MOTTO: V- •
Square Dealing. Easy Terms. Clear Titles.
SEE MY BARGAINS:
14-room house; clears $80 $600
10-room corner flat.... ............ ......$550
40 rooms; clears $250; payments." $S200
18-room transient; must sell $1200
7 rooms; only $150 cash $250
0-rooms ; on O'Farrell st. ; new..>. $600
100 rooms; first floor offices ; clears $5OO.$750i>
25 rooms; exchange for email house... $2500
32 rooms, clears $200 ....; .Y...$3100
30 rooms: fine corner $3200
C5-room hotel; rent $200 .....$3000
45 rooms; grand sunny corner. ....... .$4500
35 rooms; country hotel' and bar $2500
170- room hotel and bar $2800
100 other houfes from.. ......$100 to $20,000
H. C. 'DECKER. 906 Market st.
CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.. '
Phone Black «901. - * 777% Market st.
Bank References. ¦ •
Any house sold on easy terms. '',
Buyers' guide; bring this ad with you.
Some of our special bargains.
APARTMENTS — 17 rooms; nicely furnished;
sooj location; money-maker;' "price $1600.
CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
22 ROOMS; eood furnishings; choice location:
rent only $00: snap;. $1000. CALIFORNIA
INVESTMENT COMPANY. .- -• ' -...---¦-
BIO speculative buy; 24 rooms: choice; N. of
Market location; brick building: clears $100
mo. ;• rent $*J0; price $700; partners disagree.
CAL: INVESTMENT CO.. ~~jjb Market st.
12 ROOMS, nicely furnished: choice j N. of Mar-
ket location; clears $40 and' your rooms;- no
work; mnt $47 50; price $700: only $400 cash,
balance easy terms. CAL. INVESTMENT CO.'
HOUSEKEEPING apartments: 24 rooms; finely
fitted; jchoice' location: clears $100; no work;
asking $2000: make offer; ' death cause of
sale: exclusively with CAL.- INVEST. CO.
APARTMENT house 40 rooms: new and beauti-
fully furnished: lease; low rent; price $4000.
half cath: don't wait. It will go. CALIFOR-
N1A INVESTMENT CO.. 777% Market st.
SMALL lodging-house... 7 rooms and bath; nice-
ly furnished; ' $250; • call -afternoons/ 230A
Third. st. % ' '••¦¦¦'-¦- -" ¦.'•-•
10 ROOMS; rent $80; : water free: 2%-year
lease; furnished new; make offer. 323 Taylor.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
CAIIPET : BEATI.\G AND -. CLEANING.
COMPRESSED ;air . and vacum system ' now
.-.universally - used ; in -¦-¦ cleaning;-;, carpets ¦ on
rluor; without removal;, price' moderate; S.
; F. Compressed - Air Cleaning ' Co.. 30S Mar-
ket St.; tel. Main 152. Bush 479. w; -, :-
WHEN'you ; become ! disgusted \ with your work
, send for SPAULDINO'8 Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Work-. S55-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth St.. clean-
Sng &. laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission /4.
WESTERN Carpet' Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rlion St.: Al: cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 223.
CONKLIN'8 Superior Carpet-beating ': Works.
333 Ooldrn Gate ave. ; telephone East 126. - *
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carp«t beating; mat-
tresses madw over. 1432 Hqward;tel.South 216.:
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter ;. St.; ,
tel., Mam 3»4.rGEO. WALCOM — CO.. Props.
HTJDOLPH_ CO.. carpet- beating works; prices
, r rcascnabls. 1703 Harrison st.': tel.' Mission 203.
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening session?. Phelan bldg.
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.: established 18 years: the school that
secures positions for graduates; just added 25
new typewriters: catalogue free. •
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST,' S.
F.— Bookkeeping/"" shorthand, touch typing,
languages^, telegraphy. English branches; clay
and night sessions: Illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position; GregR
ishorthand Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
t College. 1236 Market at. :
LEARN. SPANISH In 2 month? ; classes in
French and Spanish $5 a month.
B. «F. AMES Teacher of Languages.
/ 268 Golden Gate ave.. cor. Hyde st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, min.. merh.. eur-
vey assay, cyanide: day. ev.; ost. 1S64. Van
dei-'Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SOCIAL' dances Wed., Thurs.. Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays. ¦ . Louise Foster's
School of Dancing, 1556 Market, nr. Larkln.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of. official court reporters and be com-
' petent stenographers. '13.82 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, nrith.,
spelling, writing, etc.: day. eve.;. {4, mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&Electrlcity. 24 Post
St.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
. complete | equipment. , Special . catalogue - free.
KENT 'Law School; day and evening: send for
particulars.' 536 Parrott building.
SPANISH — A practical and progressive meth-
od. RAFAEL SERRANO. B30 California, r.4.
GUITAR. • mandolin ', and plano_' $.1 pe^mo. ;
.. mandolin, club. $1 per mo. , S28 Halght et. ,
SCHOOL OF^ILLUSTRATION— -— Day "and
v-PARTINQTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night ; class.
PIANO lessons/, 25c half hour. ' 'MRS.' PECK.
experlenced^tcacher. ,1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
A WEEK'S mw« for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year*
CPRE3 BTTPTITBE. : ,
WHO7— Hunter, 1206 Market st.; $100: rupture
cure'for $10: circular explains: send for one.
• -, . DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS,516*Callaghan bldg.. Market"_nd
•* McAllister sts.. uses the ' Basford obtunder:
the only '. device ever invented for grinding.
drilling and excavating: teeth, without pain.
¦•¦ Call for.. demonstration..- Tel. Jessie 360ti.
DR; LUDLUM HILLM443 Market.' nr Eleventh
¦ —No charge for ; extracting ,when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; -teeth
from SS per tet; extracting 50c; gas given.-.
A^ NEW plate — The. Whalebone— cannot' break;
. warranted 20 yra: crowiv$3 50:-,flll!ngs.-50e:
plates. $5; ; full set;: all work' painless and
warranted. • Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
EASTERN Expert Dental Co/- will do your work
by the . year and ; five ; you 12 : months'^ credit.
«'i 10 Turk fit..- over Burnett's: Drug Store. -./
ELITE Dental; Parlors.-, 83S -Market St.; -best
and cheapest office, tor, all 'dental operations.
Paris « Dental Parlors. : 235 "1 Kearny.' cor. Bush
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowna. $2 up; fllllngs,25o
ARTH UR CHISHOLM.- surgeon^ dentist, r. 14. 1st
floor. Phelan bid..; 606 Market." cor. O f Parrel 1.
DR. H. G. ; : YOUNG— Bridges i and • teeth ' with.
rout plates specialty.; 1841) Polk st.: --
GOLD i fillings j 7Bc; ; silver, - 35c: ; crowns;. $2: no
Dsln: ooen Sundays. Dr. O.B. Hewitt, 204 Sutter.
Kllia Ul >it-iiu.v »ui«. stvyiy _ nnili{Jluu
court, rear 6CS Harrison st.
GARDENER, good horseman and driver,
wishes position; best ref. Box 1575, Call.
YOUNG man -wants position as drapery sales-
man: 3 years' experience; willing to work at
moderate salary to commence; can do out-
side work; best references. Box 156S, Call.
A SITUATION -wanted by a German gardener
.In private place: understands fitting gardens
and lawns; tan- give good references if re-
quired. Call at Park Hotel, 26 Turk st.
WAXTED — A man with over 20 years' ex-
perience in logging, railroad construction
and timber estimatlne would like a position
. as traveling agent to look up timber land or
take charge of extensive logging operations:
references. Address. C, box 11S7. Call offlce.
WANTED — Work as sexton of • any ¦ Catholic
church In the city; not afraid of work; by
-Irish Catholic young man: references- and
• bond given. THOMAS SHERIDAN, bcx
3075, Call offlce. ; ' .. ¦„
STABLEMAN wishes pcsltlon: Is a compe-
; tent, honest and willing man;"l0 years' ex-
. perience . in stable work; city or country;
best of. references.' Uox 301*0. Call.
WANTElf— Small set of books to keep at odd
, hours, either. In San Francisco -cr Oakland,
by young man with 5 years' experience;
|fVery best references. Box 3030. Call.
BAKER'S helper, clean, sober. ' Industrious
young man, best references, experienced
helper and driver, wishes to finish trade: $25
to ?30 and" found.- Box 1242. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER and general offlce man, - 12
years* experience, wishes position ¦ of any
kind, city or. country; Al references; Box
3023. Call offlce. ••.'¦';'
GARDENER, married, competent In all the'
branches of gardening, able to take .full
charce of- place, wants a position. AdA-e^s
.Box -524," Call offlce.
ENGINEER wishes steady . position taking
charge of plant or work as assistant; all-
round mechanic: long experience; good refer-
.enee. -316 Langton\ st., city.
BAKER'S hMoer, clean, sober. Industrious
. young . man. best references, experienced
..helper and driver, wishes to flnlftj trade; $25
to $30 and found. Box 1242, Call offlce.
BOOKKEEPER., first class, having; -leisure
time, woull like one or more sets of books to
keep; competent to handle all classes of ac-
'.' counts. Box 3557, Call offlce. . . *
A SOBER, steady, honest man aged 32 speaks
German:, in retail or wholesale house or
commission store. C. B. R..- 763 Howard- st.
A HARDWARE man, thoroughly competent,
. desires position; , city . or country. Box 1210.
Callofflcs. •' . • .
EXPERIENCED and reliable grocery " clerk
and bartender, married , man. desires - posl-
tlon In country. Address box 3017. Call.
EXPERIENCED driver with business ability.
wants position on light wagon; good refer-
_ encea. -. Address Box 3557 .Call, offlce. '
• A COACHMAN and gardener: good milker:
raising of chickens:. willing and
obliging. ; J. K.. 506 Washington st.
COACHMAN— Position ¦ wanted ; by competent,
;^ reliable young Englishman; understands gar-
denlng:- can milk, etc Address ; Box 1507. Call
BOOKKEEPER, experienced/wishes posltloa
In^one'of the leading wholesale houses.
NBo^ 1520. Call. .' ¦ v - ' • :. " ----- ..
RELIABLE/: sober "man; -handy with tools,
- wishes ' work. Box . 3005, Call. ; '. ;"-. ' *.-.- ¦*; ;
FIRST-class Chlnese:cook wants situation. AH
. SING, 902. Oay St. —
$2; bureaus, trom *4 up; oearcom sets, irom
$8 up; bed lounges. $4; couches, $-5; double-
pointed carpet tacks, 2'jc a paper: wir»
picture cord. 5c: pole trimmings of all de-
scriptions; lace curtains, from 25c up.
AUCTION SALES
Solicited anywftere and at any time. A. H.
ANDERSON, the auctioneer; phone Souta
998. , - •>/
KLKMTt'RK WASTED.
~ ~~ A BE LEVY! 7"
Salesroom. 1135 Market at. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't soil your furniture, carpets, offlce fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
WANTED — A' box couch; not over S feet long
and 2 feet wide: state price asked. . Box
; 2750. Call offlce. •
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 7S2 Mission; tel. .Bush 467.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc.; tel. Larkln 3631. "631 Ellis.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys.- rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
B. T. SCHELL. 2412 Mission, tel. Church 5370.
pays best prices for furniture, carpets. ¦ etc.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L..H.
BURP. aucf.cnter.lSlS Mkt. ;tel. Howard 2759.
HELP WASTED — KE31ALE-
COOK, small sanitarium^. J30
3 cooks, city '- $30-$;«'»
Cook for Sitka Alaska, see lady here...$4t>
Cook, 3 family. Rose Valley .$30
2 cooks, small hotels, country $•><>
Housework 2 family. Cheyenne. Wyo...$30
Parlor maid Ross Valley $30
3 second girls, city *25
Nurse. O-year-old boy 5-J
Maid to lady, sleep home •• $'-j>
Pastry cook, fix up ' trays, sanitarium... *if>
Cook for priests, no washing $3O
* 4 hotel waitresses ..$25
S waitresses for restaurants..... $0-M
Cook and second girl, same house $25-$2O
4 house girls, city, with and without wash-
Ing .....:....... $.io
Cleaning woman, orphanage :...$2t>
Dintrg-room jrtrl for Institution ...... $15
loo general housework at.. $20-$25-$:$f>
Good places, city and country. Apply to J.
¦ F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter at. ..>;
AT B0» Mason st.; Mrs. Walser; phone Black
1533; lst-class cook for Alaska: experi-
enced cook for family hotel: girl for house-
work, no cooking. $15; experienced cook and
housework for fajnlly. $25 and $30. / -
A CHAMBERMAID. $30; waitress. $30; cook.
$35; 2 second girls. $15; house girl. $50; nurse.
$25; : ranch cook. $25; a number of-hous-
glrls for country. $30 and $25; 3 cooks. $«)
each. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
A— WANTED— Otrls to learn halrdresstn*.
manicuring, etc; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; S po-
sitions to flll immediately;- positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week, up; leading school ta
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.. . : ;,
A— Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son: both seasons taught from start to fl—UH
<¦ In ? 1 month for $15; positions ; as trimmers.
salesladies, etc.- guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. : 143 Stockton sL. r. tX
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdresstr?
trade, manicuring, massage etc. 1238 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones.' room 94: positions secured
] : at ¦ highest /.wages; day, tnd «v«. class: call.
A YOUNG, girl a* nurse girl to assist with
¦light housework;? good -place -.wages $13-p#r
month. 1638 Waller sc;rnear Golden Gat»
Park.- T ¦ \: . .» ¦-. ----.- ¦ •• ,-; .
RESPECTABLE girl for general housework "m
- small: family;; good home for a s«cA gtti-
Call, mornings at 2SD9 Piae it.
YOU KNOW • WHOri TO TELL YOUR TOUBLES TOTHE SAN FRANCISCO "CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 12^ 1904;
13
HELP WASTED — FEMALB — Con.
A FIRST«CLA£8 rook for pniall family. $K>:
a s«-.xnd sirl for 2 in family, Jf2."i; a laundre**
, to assist x*-Uh ehan;l»<-r-work. *23; a <-a;ial>le
lady'* ii ;¦-•'. $'.'.*¦. h waitress and parlor maid.
*:«>; « .--..k that will do a Kmall wuM). *::"¦:
.'•<» housework tirle for nil kinds of r.wkI
place* in oity and country. ?25 to $iu; jiar-
f'f- ca.li be Interviewed htre in office: tare
is; id to ull places. <:«11 at MISS
i'U.'NKETTS, 425 Sutler pi., near Powell.
YOUNG Kirl* wanted Id he t-tockkeepers. Ap-
ply between 0 and 10 a. m.. 43-53 Kills St.. I
1. MAUN1N & CO. ;
WANTHD— Kxjw-rlcnceJ sale>!adie» for fancy !
poodfc <5r>rammoni. MARKS BUOP. Ii2t> j
Market tit. ;
IVAKTKD — Young lady for stock clerk in tOcirt \
d'PATtmtnt. MARKS liliOS.. 1220 Market. J
WANTED — Kx|>orience«l riblion girl to go to '
Stoctctun. Apply between tt and II a. in. at
hale i;i:os.-
WANTED- 2.*. children for toilet dancing. Ap-
pl> mi Kddy st.
inDCJCQ nurse girl, 3-yesr-old boy. 4200 Cal-
ifornia !H.
SKAT pirl; housework: pi a in coolring:fami!y of
«$: (food home. App'.y t>-12 a.rn..2.'.O2 California,
A TAILORED on fine custom coats. 233
Fourth ti.
VOUNG irirl assist light housework; small fam-
ily, l" -".« Golden Gate ave., bet. V and 12.
A GIRL wanted Tor poTvral housework; Ger-
man or Swedish. «*:0 Shotwell «t..\cor. 21*t.
KXI'KRIENCED shirt waist maker wantea.
GLUCK. 1SS3 Gear?" *t.
GOOD pants finisher. C22 Clay, room 18A.
UIRL to aistst in light housework. Apply
t»ll Eddy n.
ZHtLO'fl nurse— Arp'.y 12 o'clock to-day. MRS.
WHALEN. the Cumberland. 107U Bush st.
WANTED — Chambermaid at New Golden Gate J
Hotel. 104 Fourth st. [
PI 115T -class finisher* on custcrn coats; wafres, |
$12: email nho;>. OKI Minna et., neax t>th. |
WANTED— A young girl as nursegirl; pood
place; »a«es $10. 1636 Waller bu v^
UULS wanted. who are rxjjerienced in wrap-
ping; good sap* and steady position; apply
twtveen 9 and 10 a. m.. or 12 and 1. I
MAGNIN & CO., 43-53 Ellis et.
MURRAY & READY, 034 and 'taJTciay Ft
Phone Main 3*<48. '
Ueaolng Employment and Lubor Ascents.
_ •- V Every Employer of Help.
Furnished with first -clan*, skilled or unskilled
;..; - he&
Brttf THari Wanting Work.
It competent to fill position— You can have it.
la our office
All men are equal No distinction.
Gtrman. Greek. Itslian.
Spanish. Swiss, French.
In l»03 we gave During Ii»o4 we hop..'
work to ftojtM men. to Increase O.O.WJ.
Your fare fre>>. I»ok. free fare.
To State of Nevada
If you stay 'four months That's all.
XJ. S- Government work.
2<J5 two-horse teamsters ?<1<»
196 laborers, you'll suit $«<>
9."> driller*. . rockrnen, hammermen ?75
12 machine drillers JKH)
Hlfrht hours' work daily — Hundreds Bolng,
Are you?.
fl Fee. That's All, $1
Arizona. Arizona.
Center of «rrcat mlnw; land of sunshine; bis
wares. '
Jtlrt Miles, 910
2555 teamsters, laborers, drillers, etc., $2 to
$3 50 day.
Close to Prescott
In California
25 laborers, big mine company. .. .$75-$C7 50
12 machine miners, gold quartz $*>
18 muckers, gold' quarti.. $(57 50
To Farms. Dairies. Etc
12G farm, orchard and vineyard hands, all
over California J2.V J2(i. $30. $35 found
35 pood u-amsters $2<? and £U) found
50 m.lkers. located everywhere. $30. $35 found
12 butter makers, separator tenders, etc.,
$40 found.
IS cteoreboya, m«>n. etc, $l.">. $20. $2T». $.10 fd.
CHOREMEN — — GARDENERS
STABLEMEN.
IS Ftsblemen, city and country, $35 and fd.
to $75.
12 coachman, choremen and roustabouts, $2j
and $"(> and' fd.
» pardoners some vegetable, some flowers,
$30 and fd. '
MEN A?CD WIVES.
T> mj'.kors and wives, farmers and wives, etc.,
$50 and fd.
MECHANICAL.
Ti engineers. $4 <iay; G coopers; 2 machinists.
S3 2.1 day; "machine blacksmith's helper, $75;
1 plumber and helper; stonemason, $4 day;
2 gans foremen, Nevada, boss here; cement
flr.i«her; S tallymen, lumber company. $3 day;
planer and sticker hands. $3 day up; fore-
HOUSES^TOLET^
A— PRINTED lift of houses ta let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UM15SEN & CO., 20 Montgomery.
LANGTON ft., ott Bryant — 1 rooms, yard and
basen:ont: $11. Apply G. A. LEROUX, 29
New Montgomery st.
M c A LL1 STE R, 1263— 12 rooms, bath and biT
Hard-room; $60: water free; modern.
TO LKT — 4 rooms, stable, four stalls, yard.
Apply SCS Thirtieth et.
BEFOK1S moving Ket our printed list nf houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET. — Kt'HKtSHED.
A COMPLETELY furnished .house; -7 law
sunny rooms and bath; large yard and base-
ment: references required. Inquire »9 to 11
a. m. and 5 to 7 p. m., 104 Pierce, nr. Haight.
TO rent — Spacious, furnished house; large
Krounds; Sau?alito; rent $100; short term If
desired. Apply Box 1216. Call office.
LOST \XD FOUND.
$20 REWARD— Strayed or stolen, April 8, from
Geary and Market sts., bay horse with IeXt
foot branded; 74 under mane; . business
bUKKy, red pear and dark body. Return to
1850 Gretn tt.; tel. Geary 2732.
LOST— Purse with coin, also notes and check
of ¦ no value but to owner. Liberal reward
Kiven by returning to P. D. WINTER, care
International Banking Corp'n. 32 Sansome Et.
LOST— A young Scotch collie; llcenne 1912 on
collar. Return to southeast corner Page and
Buchanan tie.; liberal reward.
LOST — At Sunset Park, g-ent's gold watch and
fob; return to 544 Minna st. and receive $15
reward; no questions a^ked.
LOST — At Presidio, near McDowell ave., small
memorandum book. Return to 328 O'Farrell.
LOST — W. O. W. past consul Jewel. Return to
J. J. McDONALD. 2217 Stelner st.
LOST— About February 12, certificates of
stock, Nos. 11-48. in Merchants' Transporta-
tion Co. .306 Davis st. '
LOST — On 4th ft.. Sun. afternoon, opera glasses
in red plush bag. 1421 Howard st. ; reward.
LOST — Pair of Mayerle's glasses. Retnrn 112
Natoma st.. near Second. • • • - . •
LOST — Great Dane; light brindle: reward for
return or information. 348 Tenth st.
MEDICAL. •
MO.VBY TO LOAIV— Continned.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-U02-003, Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no. disappointments.
Savo^^xpenses by dealing directly. •
" Estates, second mortgaees. .undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. .'Strictly -"confidential.
When You Need' Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (INC.).
CONTROL $1,000.000.
REAL ESTATE LOANS.'.
INTEREST 0 PER CENT. *
FIRST. SECOND AND THIRD MORTGAGES.
CITY AND OAKLAND.
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTIES.
" i ESTATES IN PROBATE.
UNDIVIDED. INTERESTS IN REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE IN TRUST
107-8-9-10-11. CKOCKER BUILDING, S. F.
WILL LOAN , ... ..
A reasonable amount on ¦
1st, 2d or 3d - .
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country. '
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars . ¦- :"
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 408. Call office.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates: strictly confidential. National
. Credit Co.. C8 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
THE United Loan and Trust. Co.. 21 Stockton
et. (upstair*), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone "Bush 484.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
.846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch.19 Third.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy;no commlsslon;lnstallments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission: no publicity; $25 up; quick,
¦ quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st..rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. .'111. Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office, 1103% Brdwy.; suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant aye..
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL'.
25 POST ST.
$14,000— Clayton st., nr.' Halght: new build-
Ing in separate flats;" rents $125;
lot 27:lixl0«:3.
$15,000 — Buchanan-st. corner; rents $106;
large lot. 80x75; store, flats above and
adjoining cottages'. " ' *¦' .'•"'• "¦
$5,250— Buchanan St.. not far from Sutter;^ 2
flats of 5 rooms each; rents $36.
$12,500— Broadway corner, nr. Powell; brick
and frame improvements; rents $80.
$18,500 — Halght st.; rents $140 per month;
larpe lot, 68:0x137:6; 4 frame dwell-
ires-. ' ' -
$5,000— Albion ave., nr. ICth and Guerrero
sts.; 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath
,. • each ; ¦ rents $45. - .¦¦ ~ ¦ ' ¦ ¦ -
. $1.250— Church st.. nr. 27th; lot 25x80; cot-
tage of 3 rooms. - - '- . - **
$17,500— Stockton hl. nr. Jackson: lot 34x100;
.3-story and basement brick building,
under lease; rents $75.
$4,100— ValleJo st., nr. Leavenworth; lot 23x
60; 2 tlats of 4 rooms and bath each;
rents $34. . . : •
$30,000— Sacramento st., nr. Kearny; large lot.
runs through to Commercial St.; brick
improvements; rents $160.
$100,000 — New, swell apartment house of 132
.rooms;- lot 68:0x137:6;' rents $750; se-
cured lease; . vicinity California and
Hyde ets. ,' .
$16,500 — Pine st.. downtown location; large
- lot. 35x137:6; rents $122 50; brick and
frame improvements.
$4,250 — Pacific st.; large frontage. 34 feet;
rents $30 : oer month; 2-story brick
building;" store and flat above.
$7,500— Powell St., nr. ValleJo; lot 40x08:9;
frame building of separate apart-
ments; rents $70. '.
$26,000— Powell st., downtown location; large
lot. 45x110; frame Improvements rent-
ing for $1C5 Der month.
$18,500 — Paciflc-st. business property; large lot
48x137:6 to rear street: brick and
frame Improvements;' rents $168 50.
$9,000— Rents $90 per month; Montgomery
Et.; lar«re, lot, 67:6x137:6; ,10 flats.
$17,500— Leavenworth st. ; 3 elegant flats of 7
rooms and bath each, with superb
marine view; lot 27:6x107:6; rents
$137 50. :
$20,000— Larkin St., downtown location: large
lot 60x100; frame buildings; rents
$120.
$3,000 — John st,, nr. Powell and WashlnRton;
lot 23x60; 3-story frame building of
10^ rooms and bath.
$25,000 — Jones-st. corner, downtown location;
large lot. full depth, 137:6; present
frame Improvements rent for $90 per
month; splendid building site. .
Sfi.fiOO — Green at., nr. Stockton: lot 27:6x
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATB. '
$5250— A RARE bargain: chance of a life-
time; - two beautiful up-to-date modern «-
room .flats on Clinton ave.* bay -frontage;
beautiful marine view; elegant surf bathing;
-bathhouses, etc.; this Is a rare c banco: don't
overlook it. HAMMOND & HAMMOND. 1423
Park «t. f
ALAMEDA PDKMSHED HOUSES.'
TO let— Furnished or unfurnished for 6 months
or year; house of 8 rooms and bath; large
garden; good view; 1 block from. bay; one
block from narrow trauge station: reasonable
to good tenant. 1297 Weber St., Enclnal Sta-
tlon. .-¦---¦¦•-¦- ¦ -¦ -
ALAMEDA STOBES TO LET.
CHEAP store. 15xC0 feet. . $12 «>. or will let
a part of it. Apply on the premises. 1514
• Park st.; Alameda. ¦
BERKELEY ADVERT' S'M'NTS
t ¦¦'!
v BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2600— HALF block by the Santa Fe; $50
month.
$14(X> — New cottage, 5 rooms; bath, pantry,
city -water, sanitary plumbing*: lot 50x100: 1
block from electric cars; $150 down, $25
monthly.
. |g50 — Neat cottage, 5 rooms and bath; near
station of local train.
|500 — Lot, 50x120, on broad macadamized
street; $50 down, $10 monthly; Interest 6 per
cent net. • ¦ -
$l200-^House. 4 rooms: garden, etc.: 4130
down, $10 per month.
.$1850— House, 6 rooms and bath; lot 50x130;
small barn: street sewered.
$1250— Business corner on principal avenue;
lot 60x100.
$1500— Lot for factory alte. '221x125.
$250— Triangle lot, 40x120, with creek lined
with willows: $25 down, $10 month. *
$1100— House. • 4 rooms: lot 47x125; $100
down, $15 per month.
$375 — Business lot, 20x75: $20 down.
$250— Lot, 50x100; $25 down; $5 month.
CHAS. A. BAILEY,
1056 University ave.. nr. San Pablo ave.,
West Berkeley.
CHENEY & BERRY.
$2400 — Cottage of 6 rooms; modern; good lot;
nice garden.
.ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALL SUNNY: BEST IN* CITY; 3 or 4 rooms
furnished or unfurnished. - ST. t CHARLES
¦APARTMENTS, 1SC0 : Sacramento st.. near
Larkin.
EDDY. SSI— 2 unfurnished rooms; light house-
keeping; in modern flat.
ELEVENTH, 211— Two connecting bay win-
dow rooms for light housekeeping. '
ELLIS, 1161 — Two-roora suites; sunny; gaa
range, hot baths; $18 and $1.3. . [
FRANKLIN. '203— Three nicely furn'shed
housekeeping rooms: bath; sunny corner flat.
GOUGH. 137— Two sunny front rooms" for
light, housekeeping.
HAIGHT. 02t>-3 or 4 handsomely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; reference.
HARRISON. 2523. bet. Twenty- first and Twen-
• ty-second — 2 sunny furnished rooms; regular
kitchen. .
HAYES, tHIi — 3 furnished housekeeping rooms;
gas range and storeroom; use of bath; $17 5O.
HOWARD.. 737%— Nicely furnished sunnr
rooms; rent • reasonable; suitable for light
housekeeping. . .
KEARNY. 104^ — Sunny bay-window front sul'.a
and kitchen. $22; unfurnished; adults.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Plae—
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites: steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths: rat* $30 up.
LARKIN. 817 %— Nicely furnished sunny front
room; folding bed. gas stove; reasonable.
MARIPOSA terrace. 12, between Seventh and
Eighth sts.. oft Harrison — Two nice, sunny
rooms; no children; $10.
MASON. 417 — Furnished rooms, suitable for
housekeeping; also single rooms.
MASON. 700. cor. Bush — Two sunny rooms fur-
nished complete for light housexeeplns; rent
$15 per month.
MCALLISTER. 533 — Large sunny parlor; gas
range; hot bath; $12; suite $7; adults.
MCALLISTER, 007—2 nicely furn. bay-window
rooms: laundry; bath; German family: $13.
MCALLISTER. 1671 — Connecting sunny eltting-
room and bedroom, complete; kitchen, bath;
reasonable.
MINNA, 281, cor. Fourtlj — Furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; reasonable. - -
MODEL House. 1206 Stockton — Front house-
mwr, » and 10 a. m. 1. MAGNIN &' CO.,
4.-;-'3 i::iis st.
rXPKKIKNCED jacket and skirt makers for
iudles' suit department: apply between 9 an1
10 a. m. I. MAGNIN & Co., 43-53 Ellis et.
K— OPERATORS wanted on ladies' under-
»f-tr; Kood par and rteady position. «5«
illusion ft.
A— OPERATORS on ladies' wash skirts; good
i»ay ar.d s-teady position. C5C Mission «.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' waiste; Kood pay.
' ."•' MiisOon et.
A YOUNG rirl. care of children and do light
us-stairs work. $12 to $lfl. Apply 233 Third
ave.; Sutter and Sutro cars.'
GIRL for general housework; girl to assist in
!..k •¦:->-. ITiU llaleht ft.
iIOOI) hand for dressmaking; Ellis appren-
tice?. 1527 Mascn Ft.
::xn:UIEXCED makers and apprentices
warted In millinery store. 002 McAllister st.
TALENTED amateur performer?. Apply at
ihutu, «; p. m. Wednemlay; salary no object.
WHOLESALE house desires services cf mature
woman; no office work. Box 1526, Call of3ce.
« ALL at 50S Mason et.. or phone Black 4533.
First -v<a*s ladies' employment office.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, ccr. Dcnc&n &. Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has bwn
¦•¦¦¦'..•¦<: at 1OUS Market Et., opposite Fifth.
Oppn Tsntil 11 p. m.
nELP WANTED MALE.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
rjj MontEomery st.. 52t>.
Phone Main 1191 Upstairs.
NEVADA— ,S hours— NEVADA.
Se* lioss. h<re to-day.
GoTfrmiir-nt •»•< rk — C»i«ip far*.
15 teamsters. $2 25: 6 rockmen, $2 25; C la-
l.oreir. $2. K hour*, fe* fl; :i machine mi:iers.
Sl*0; :i hand miner*?, eame mine. S hours,
$&2 .'¦''. 2 mucker*. $75: gasoline hoivt «r.pr..
mine, i ¦:.;¦;;.- here; nootman, iv.ir.'. V-T 50; 5 2a-
l>or»>r*. quarry. near city, $2; 3 2-hon-e
t»amsiens. 5 laborers, R. R. work. n»>ar
<-ity; farmer anj wife, party here, eapy job,
Sl« fd. ; 5 farmers, general work. $28 fd. ;
hay ana harvest wa«e.
MAN and wife, for 3 in family, $40 found; 2
larmers and wives. $45 and $50 found; 2
men ;.!¦> ui plac*. (20 and $35 found; vege-
table gardener. {:'<> found; 2 laborers and
t*-amFters. company work. $50; milkers, $3i>
f.nd $35 found; farmers. $25 and $2« found;
" wagon makers, 150 found: carriage black-
'tnlth. S3 and lticrtas* 1 ; jobbing blacksmith,
*3 day: 2 car builders. $3 day; bootblack,
week: restaurant cook. M5; dishwasher.
|23: swing cook. $lb we*k; broilers, $7<t
*.n<1 fTr.; porter. $25. and others. J. r\
CP.OSnTT & CO.. C2S Sacramrnto st.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCT.
14 Third ft.: phone Bush 405.
NEVADA.
GOVERNMENT WORK: S HOURS.
TV amrterK. laborers and driller?, $2 to ?2 50
a day; chip dally, fare refunded; 2 years'
work.
Wood turner; boss here; S3 50 a day.
4 rar.rh hards, Sonoma County, $2<i and fd.
.'• ranch hands, $.12 50 a morth and board.
4 mrn for rock. quarry, $C0 a month.
<~arpcnu-r, near city: 6 hours; $4 a day.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCT.
85 Third St., tel. Main KM.
NEVADA ¦ NEVADA.
Plenty of work. Plenty of work.
T<amsters '. $2 25
Laborers $2 «X>
Fare refunded ir you work 40 da}-s.
Fare. $7 SO. Fee. fl.
Government work. Eight hours.
IiORD & BMITH.
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton Ft. — Chef cook
for resort. $7I>; oystrrman, hotel. $40: dlth-
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.*
IS cooUs for hotels, saloons, mines, cafos,
ranches and summer resorts, $30, $40. $50
and *»i0 fd.
IS waiters different Jobs. $25. $30. $35 fd.
12 dishwashers. 520. $25 $30 fd.
2 bakers. .". helpers. $40. $50. $30 fd.
Waiter, Eureka, fare raid SS 75 week.
LAUNDRYMEN.
32 laundrymtn. different clars of Job*.
f> helpers no exr^rienc*. crime and see.
LOOK
Chef cook. *prin(w. *<K) fd.
Paker. spring*. $4fl fd.
Second cook, springs. $40 fd.
Cook «nd baker, small country shop. $12
week fd. -
12 sheep herders. Nevada Ptate. $3."5 fd.
Sheep herders. Yolo Co.. $."50 fd.
Milker and wife, boss at our office. $60 fd.
2 stablemen mine town north. $""> fd. each.
fi blacksmith helpers. $2 day up.
J2 blacksmiths. «.t day. $2 B0 day.
4 vine, eraf ters. boss here. 52 day fd.
Pipe fitter, factory. $2 &U day.
Porter and l«?dn-iaker. rity. Sr.O and room.
Sticker hand, city mill. $4 day.
MCHRAY & READY. C34 and C1G Clay st.
DYNAMO TENDERS.
4 dynamo tenders, city. $CTi.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and «T.O Clay st.
A— L L
Men to learn the barjber trade In two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
information mailed free. MOLER System
Collate. C"5 Clay st.
COATMAKHR or bushelman for country. Ap-
ply RE1SS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
THREE-CHAIR Bhop for sale; downtown; no
reasonable offer refused. Box 1554, Call.
BARBERS — 3-chair shop for sale; good chance
fur sober man. Box 1555. Call office.
FOR SALE— Cheap. 3-chalr barber shop; 2
baths, laundry <fflce and cigar stand; opp.
S. P. depot; good location; 1 door from P. O. ;
i-elllng on account sickness. Address P. O.
box 211. Reno. New
WANTED-t-Knergettc man acquainted in Oak-
land: experienced jn banking and securities
prcfe.red. Address box 111b. Call ofnee,
Oakland.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.: 250 rooms; 25s to 50c per nigh;.
ADVERTISING solicitor wanted. Call at 400
Grant ave., after 9:30 a. m.
WOULD like to buy a barber shop In a good
country . town. Bex 3020. Call office.
STRONG boy (from 18 to 20) for wholesale
bouse, llox 3517. Call office.
AGENTS $3 to J15 a day. Traders' Advertis-
ing Aeency. 724 Hayward Bldg.
TEA and ooffee follcltors wanted; salary and
commission. S5O Howard st.
HOTEL barber shop for sale cheap at ZS2\i
Third st.
COMPETENT drers coods man: tak* charge
of department : Interior town. Box 1550, Call.
WANTED — Barber's apprentice. 751 Mission
•treet, '
GENT to solicit printing and advertising. Ap-
ply 51* Filbert s^-
WANTED — Two young men to finish or learn
the barber trade free of charge. 027 Clay st
TKREE-CHAIR barber shop for sa!e on ac-
count of slckcess; must be sold. 245 Kast st.
MAN to da Janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard st.
YOUNG men. sailor*, blacksmiths, carpenters.
¦. green hands, for ships. Herman's. 27 Steuart.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullis. r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. .Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; S5c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and bagcage to and from ferry.
LADIES deslrlnc safe, tsure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me at once; my
methods are always safe, painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; no exorbitant fees.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE' FREE.
Cures guaranteed or no pay; 17 years' ex-
perience in all female disorders; call or write
without delay; correspondence confidential.
/DR. WHITE. 702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
A — LADIES, If you are suffering from Irregu-
larities or any ailment you will avoid dis-
appointments by consulting me first. My
method of treatment is positive and harm-
less and I guarantee Immediate relief from
ariy case or make no charges. Advice free.
Call or write DR. SYLVESTER, 219 Kearny.
ALWAYS be advised and treated by a grad-
uate physician; positively the on'.y one here
capable and willing to restore you to happi-
ness; relief for Irregularities: .help for un-
fortunate ladies; if in trouble consult him
without cost or fee: call or write; conflden-
tlal. DR. R. II. WESTON. 305 Kearny st.
VALPEAU'S female pills; bes.t regulating pills
told; price $2 00 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
only on. receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Brcadway, Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Otflce. 1018 Market st. . -
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed ; 30 years' experience. S26 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008 % Market St., opp. 5th.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
in cbstetrics, female complaints; inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 111S Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSKN resides 29P5 FolsonT'st.; corner
2Cth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. NG. .TOY KEE. 31» Powell St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOA SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TO6H & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite: In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
MILK men, attention — 30 milking cows with
or without pasture, dairy outfit complete; get
a. move on if you want them. Apply 818
Grove, bet. Webster and Fillmore, morning.
2D-HAND machinery, boUers, engine*, puuif*.
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. 6. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
DESKS and office furniture; $20,000 stock to
be sold before April 15; this stock can ' be
bourht in large or small lots. T. D. MC-
CARTHY CO.. 782 Mission. Phcne Bush 467.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
-roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stOD all leaks in thi one and preserve ths
new. 205 Front St.; tel. Main 1413.
A— FINE suits. $7 60; dress pants, $2 60. Orig-
lnal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st..
near Bush: open to I) p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, f<1Is or rents cear machinery, tn-
Ctnes, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 5»ptar st.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
loot-form shoes at $2 60; wa 'pay- exprevs
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid. : catalog rreu.
FIRST-CLASS Singer eewlng machine, cheap.
Call during day, 154 PfelfTer st.
$35— JERSEY heifer; will calve soon. 200
Ninth st.
- .LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method— To' wage earners on unln-
dorfed notes; absolute privacy.. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phclan bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual-
Savings Bank building. 70S Market st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL.. 609 Examiner building.
Ml'SICAL INSTRUMENTS.
Fischer, new $325, now $150.
. Hertz, new $:>00, now $07. ...
Miller, new $300, now $145.
8 Emerson, new $250 to $350. now $160.
2 Chickerlng, new $450, now $100, $1S5.
2 Stelnway. new $575. $760, now $185, $325.
Heine, new $375, now $333.
; Rents $2 up; installments^ $4 up. Rent ap-
plied if purchased. .
HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary st. .
Oakland — 1252 Broadway,
ABSOLUTE BARGAINS IN PIANOS.
One in fair order .- $10
One a little better ¦......$15
Another, condition good J23
Also a CliickennR, Mason & Hamlln. two
Steln-ways. Knabe, Vose. Sterling, Mayson,
Emerson. Hallet & Davis, Starr and many
others, from $55 up: easy terms; fully guar-
anteed. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Far-
rell st. .
ONLY piano house In the city that will rentv
> yc#j a new piano for $3 per month and allow
. 6 months' rent and cartage off purchase
price; sole agents- for McPhall, Schiller and
ether makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 500 Hayes.
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos,
*2ftj uprights. $100 Ut>: organs.; $25- BYRON
"MA TOY" 30S Post' st. "' - ¦¦¦'* - -, ¦'
$7.": STKINWAY piano, cost $000, for sale on
$T> installments. 1309 Gough st., near Geary.
STEINWAY,' nearly new; upright: A. Gabler,
and Steck mahogany.' 216 McAllister st.
NEW upright pianos sold' on $5 monthly pay-
ment*. SCHMITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister St.
3-PEDAL Steinway up. ;Chlckerlng baby grand;
Ehonlnger. llttlo used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzey pianos. Cecillan piano
playr. nYRON MATZY. .'iO«'-3t2 Po?t st.
• rffft s P x^ I* 8 - „„„„„-'¦,.,,,
raE^?nSTiMA^orsA^n : AlmjM!
Insomnia, mental and nervous diseases cured;
liquor and 'drug habits: massage; medicated
bath«; country place Lake oo. ; tennis to phy-
cicians; call or write. 1375 Waller, bet. Ma-
sonic ave. and A»hbury fit. ; tel. Fell S37.
A fresh, smooth and young looking face, ¦
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forgflet the name. M. ELLA HARRIS.
The number, 781 O'Farrell St.. near. Larkin.
Call or write for. book, free,
"Hints on Beauty."
Al SUITS to order at SI weekly. We have
contracts with leading houses to take all
their short ends, called remnants. . We make
you a fine suit on Installments cheaper than
others do for cash. LEON L10MOS; merchant
tailor, 1127 Market St.. bet. 7th and 8th. .
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, Im-
proves its growth, »tops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
A — MICROTINE, a positive cure for catarrh,
¦ cold in the head, hay fever, headache and all
-bronchial affections; send for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 Oth.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
. skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
• Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
137:0; brick building. .
$15,000— Ellis 6t., downtown Inside location;
lot 26:10x87:6; . present frame Im-
provements rent for $50 per month.
$4,100 — Dupont-st. corner; 77:6x60; house of
12 rooms. ¦ .
SPECK & CO., 209 MONTGOMERY ST.
Opposite entrance to Mills Building.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
SELLING, LEASING,
RENTS COLLECTED, INSURANCE.
GRAND DOWNTOWN CORNER.
$210,000— Vicinity of Powell and Ellis sts.;
| two corners; 5 stores and 85 rooms; al-
¦• most 100 feet frontage; can bo leased
for $147."> per month, 7 1-3 per cent
net liivestment.
APARTMENT HOUSE CORNER.
$120,000 — Cormr apartment' house; best loca-
tion; 110 rooms: finest modern ap-
pointments throughout; lot 54x87 ft.;
3 rent SS75; 10 years' secured lease; as-
suming $45,00C; investment pays 10 per
12 n pER CENT INVESTMENT.
$tOO,0OO--Rents J9C00 annually; cash secured
¦ - lease; no better tenant: modern build-
ing: lot rr>xl37:6; Investment . $50,000
rash and assuming bank mortgage of
'.$50,000 at 5% per cent; pays 12 per
cent net. *
i:i7: 6x137:0 CORNER.
$50,000 — 13* :6 corner Golden Gate ave.; sub-
.Etantlal improvements; always rented;
$30,000. mortgage at 514 per cent per
annum can remain; selling on account
of owner's departure to Europe; rea-
eonable offer entertained.
$32,500 — Bush st., near Taylor; Improvements;
lot 41x137:0 ft.: well leased; bank
mortgage $15,000 can remain.
SUTTER-STREET BARGAIN.
$26,000— Sutter Ft., near Leavenworth; north
side; koo<J 3-etory Improvements; lot
27:0X137:6 ft.; rents $130; rents can be
' • Increased: no reasonable offer refused.
MAGNIFICENT RESIDENCE.
$25,000 — 17' rooms and baths; elegantly fin-
ished In hard wool throughout ; pano-
ramic view: lot B5xi:t7:« ft.
- $10R -MONTHLY INCOME.
$5,000— Cft»h only; $7500 balance bank inert-
I jfaK«T can remain: 3rnodern r flats; 6, 7, .
7 rooms and baths; lot 25x84 ft.; rents'
i ' $105. - ¦:• ¦
POST-STREET BARGAIN.
$rS,500— Lot 02:0x124;' 2 frontages; east of
Ftllmore st. : imorovements ¦¦ In flrst-
cla.«s order; rents $140; bank mort-
gage of $IO.O<iO can remain.
- FINE INVESTMENT.
$13,000— Rent $120: good flats; vicinity of
¦ . Van Ness and Grove; lot 27:6x120 ft.;
• • this bargain is hard to beat. . » \ j
$13,500— Modern flats, near'Fillmore and Wal-
ler sts.: rents $122: lot 50 feet frontage.
BUSINESS CORNER.
$S,500 — Two storea and four 'flats: corner
north of Market . St.: 43:6 frontage;
yearly rents $960: paying 11V4 per cent.
BIG INTEREST PAYING FLATS.
$25.000- i Corner. Western Addition; rents $230;
lot 37:fixS5;- splendid new building.
$22,500— One-half block from . Market - st.;'
" rents $171; fine Improvements; lot 75x
100. '
$19,000 — Annual rents $2185; Golden Gate .
• ¦ Park modern bay window flats; lot 50x
137:6. ' ;
$13,500— Rents $1410 yearly; 4 new flats; ,
near Park Panhandle; lot 37:6x112:6.
SPECK & CO.. ;
. 209 MONTGOMERY - ST.
EASTON. KLDRIDGE & CO.,
GRAND EXCURSION AUCTION SALE !
Saturday. April 23. 1004, In the City of Chlco, ;
Of Town Lots and Acreage Property, the
Ninth Addition of the .
f John Bid well Rancho,
Fronting on Humboldt Avenue.
The excursion train will leave San Francisco
on Friday. Aoril 22, at 8 p. m.; from the
Market-street ferry, leaving j Sacramento -at j
3:30 a. ni. Saturday, and will be due at Chlco
on Saturday, April 23. early In the morning. '
Pullman cars will be run with the train and
double berths can be secured . for' two nights.
$2000— Lot 50x135; east of College ave. and
north of Dwirht; snap. -
$650 — Lot on Stuart St., 40x130; street work
all done: bargain.
$2500 — Cozy cottote; 5 rooms and bath; Just
finishing; street work done; terms.
JUST STARTING- 3 HOUSES OF 8. 7 AND
8 ROOMS, CORNER PARKER AND GRANT
STS.. 3 BLOCKS FROM DWIGHT WAY STA-
TION. PARTY IN BRANCH OFFICE TO
SHOW PLANS AND GROUND. OPEN SUN-
DAY. V
CHENEY & BERRY.
Postofflce Block, Berkeley Station.
FOR SALE — House of 7 rooms; lot 42x100;
$1500. Address owner. 1600 Ward St., Ber-
keley.
BERKELEY HOTELS.
H^»TiEL~B^mcEl^rr^E^raNT*^r^i s ~^I
gantly appointed house Is now 'under a new
and experienced management. The service is
first class, tHe accommodations homelike, the
treatment of guests courteous, the rates low.
The hotel Is situated on Dwight way, one
block west of the Dwight way station, and Is
therefore convenient to both the Key Route
and 8. P. ferry systems. Rates, per day,
transient, are from $2 to $3, and per month
are $30 to $50. according to apartments. Ban-
'. quete and wedding Sinners will be served on
. short notice In the most fashionable and de-
'•llghtful manner. All Interested in this an-
nouncement are invited to call at the house
and Inspect It. Any further information de-
,' elred will be promptly given. Tel. Dana 136.
FKUITVALE. ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
FIUT1TVALE REAL ESTATE.
$4500 — A BARGAIN on account of death; an 8-
room Colonial cottage, dining-room yellow
pine finished and celling paneled. Just com-
pleted; to be bought for Ies3 than what it
. cost owner. Get oft at. Frultvale ave. ; 8
' minutes' walk from station;'- must be seen
to be appreciated. H. C. B.. box 3008, Call.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
oakland real estate.
""-"be^lden'S bargains. " "
$400 will buy lot 25x127 on Adeline st.. near
18th s>t. and new De Fremery Park; «rab it
quick. - t
$125 for a lot 27x110 on Baker St., near
Carrlsson, Berkeley.
$10,000: Fine factory site of 4 acres front-
ing on S. P. R. It. and San Pablo ave. in
West Berkeley.
$3100^ — Splendid Income and investment spec-
ulation; flats with 50- foot lot In rapidly im-
proving, section and wfell rented.
Special snass: I am instructed to close out
the heirs' Interests in the Jones estate, com-
prising 2 six-room cottages on Jones St., near
Telegraph ave., with lots 45x100 each, at $3500
and $3250: 4 six-room cottages on Jones st.,
near Grove, with lots 30x100 each, at $2500
apiece; 60-foot lot on Jones st. at $2000; 28-
acre and 21^4-acre piece in Frultvale at $400
to $450 per acre, and, lot 50x120, N. E. cor.
34th and Grove sts., $2100. These are sacri-
fice prices to force immediate sales. Come
quick before they're all gone.
BELDEN. Real Estate. 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land.
BARGAIN IN REAL ESTATE.
The guardian of the estate of MARY A.
STARR has filed with the Probate Court (Judge
Greene's department), Oakland, Cal., a peti-
tion for confirmation of sale of the old "STARR
HOMESTEAD," northweRt corner of Seven-
teenth and Grove sts., Oakland — 196 feet on
Seventeenth st. by 107 :6 feet on Grove— for
$12,000; the petition will come up for hearing
before Judge Greene, In Oakland, on Monday,
April IS, at 10 a. m., when any. parties desir-
ing to make an advance on said bid may be
heard from.
., LOOK AT THIS.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY A HOME CHEAP
AND ON EASY TERMS. IT WILL PAY YOU
keeping rooms; $5 to $12; gas; bath; sunny.
OAK. 4S6 — Three nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; use of bath, phone; reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 730 — Nice sunny rooms for house-
keeping; $S, $12, $15. $20; conveniences.
O'FARRELL, 1516— A large, nicely furnished
sunny front housekeeping room with connect-
ing kitchen.
O'FARRELL. 1712, near Fillmore — 4 large un-
furn. rooms; bath; $20; phone, Geary 1703.
SIXTH. 436%— Furnished housekeeping rooms,
double or single; rent 'cheap; quiet family.
TAYLOR, 504, near I Geary — Nicely furnished
corner suit; housekeeping; aUo large bay
window; modern conveniences; clean: nice.
TURK. 325— Single and double; also house-
keeping. ¦
WASHINGTON. 1323, near Jones — To coopls
without children, three very desirable house-
keeping rooms; nicely furnished; bath, fin*
kitchen, stationary tubs, yard; would rent
suite to two gentlemen. Phone Sutter 4121.
$12 — 3 FURNISHED rooms complete for house-
keeping; no children. 478 Tehama, near 6th.
apaktmeht souses.
a st.'hilaire apartments
laguna st.. near geart '¦
Will be ready for occupation In a few
days. Everything new. Make your
., reservations now. Elegantly furnished
apartments with private bath — 2. 3 and
4 rooms; steam heat; electric light; ele-
vator; private phones; rates reasonable^
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be finished March 16.. _-
1084 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms asd
bath each; all unfurnished; $27 60 to $40..
• Make reservations now. < .:
ET. CECILS. 115 Fell, above Van Ness— Th«
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec-
tric lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $55.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson st.— Modern 3-4-3
rooms; also single; furnished or unfurnished:
marine view: r»f*renc»s. Phone East 133O.
HOWLAND— 817 Van Ness ave.. cor. Ellis st.
— Beautiful modern apartments of six rooms
and' bath; finished in the most approved
style; rents are reasonable and Include steam
heat, water, elevator service, etc: Janitor oa
premises. SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE ft CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st.
ROOMS TO LET— Kurn. nnd I'nfnra.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new. furniture; every, room I outside;
modern and sunny: prices , from $1 SO per
week up; this Is tho only up-to-date house la
this vicinity; first-class grill attached. '
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth ¦$.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. <or No. 1
Fifth st.) — Rooms. 25c. 60c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week: house open all night.
BURNETT.-' 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1675 — Nice back parlor, furnished; prfc
vate fam.; g«it. pref.; call bet. 3 and 8 P.s^
CALIFORNIA, 1421—2 front rooms. complet«|
bath, gas stove; $20; newly furnished. v
CALIFORNIA, 1512 — Elegantly furnished
rooms; private. , - . .
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
washer, country. $25: pantryman. $0fi; gar-
dener, hothouse. $35 and fd.; 2 porters for
hospital. ?2l» and $30; mcht ianitor. $40, etc.
A GARDENER EOT small place, $35 and found;
a butler for country. ?15: a boy to Jielp
crok in a private family kitchen. $20. Ca!l
tarly ut MISS PLUNKETTS. 423 Sutter et..
near Powell.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced house fur-
nishing* department man and capable of tak-
ln£ cbarce of stock; state age, experien<**
and where previously employed: salary $75
per -month to right party. Box 1574. Call.
BOY or middle-aged man to take care of 3
cows. 1 horse and deliver milk; wages $13
month and found: good home. Address box
1589. Call office-.
BOY wanted under 14 years or a*re to do er-
rand* and mcke himflf useful In office.
McDEAItMON & CO., 519 Sacramento rt.
FIRPT^CLASS cabinet-maker and flnlehcr;
none other need apply. 8*1 8*n Pablo * ve -
Oakland. ,
2-CHAIR barber shop; cheap; Kood chance. 46
Sacramento «t.
WANTED— Man to ottend to 3 bornea, cow and
porter work. 1500 Kentucky et.
A TK)Y lC#rear» or over for office. Address
T. B. S., box 1573. Call cf flee.
CAFH boys wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO.. t*40 Market »t-
HOY wanted — 18 years old. DECKELMAN
CROP, log Ell!* st. .
HARBER wanted. C Stockton 6t.
WANTED 2 fari«ntrr». 900 gtockton st.
WANTED — A flr»>t-claBS bootblack; barber
Fhop. 1338 Market et. '
KOOTELACK wanted. 2C2 Fourth *L
GOOD barber ever.Iruj. Saturday and Sunday.
3147 Twenty-fourth st.
A. YOt'NO man. to care for invalid and assist
bbout riouce. 2624 Sutter rt.. after 9 a. m.
BOY * anted to work in florist's. 236 Sutter «t.
GOOD barber, evenings. Saturday and Sun-
_gay; titeady. S15 Hayes gt.
Qt'lCK and willing boy Hvlnsr- with parents;
-steady work. K. LINDQUIST. C5» Brjant st.
KOR sah— 2^chalr barber »hip; established 10
- vr-p.r*: ttelllnr account ill health. Address
'42 Malt. et.. Btockton.
Kt'B aale — Leather-covered, hydraulic barber
cfcalr. 777 S Market ct.
A DAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
-talker, eaper to make money. F. PERSON.
= 477 and 478 Parrott building. - ¦
TBY our men's shoea. union made, at $1 and
II 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay
.**pret B or mail charges. 11 Sd st.. Kxam. bid.
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and rubscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market tt. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 503 Mission gt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your ehoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to SOr*. 6fi3 MUslon gt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HELP WAJTTEB — SOLICITORS.
PORTRAIT solicitors, city and country: expense
advanced: largest com. ever paid. 523 Valencia.
' UORSES AND WAGONS.
FOR . sale — Very handsome pair well-matched
family carriage horses; sound and gentle;
fine ell ver- mounted hornees; 4 or 6 passenger
brake; call at car barn. Emeryville. J. O.
DONNELL. '
AUCTION sal* of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. 327 Sixth St.: every horse must be
as represented or money refunded. .'OHX J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
BECOND-HAND open hacks, wagonettes, 3-
featers and business bUKiries. CORVILL
MANUFACTURING CO.. 48 Eighth st ,
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College — Next
pesmnn begins June 6. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELEY. 610 Golden Gate ave.
FINE river bottom pasturage; greAi feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Address Nucleus. 190 Stevenson, S.F.
FOR sale— A fine express wacon suitable for
lumber or furniture. 408 Vjcksbure st.. bet.
24th and 25th. Church and Sanchez.
ALL kinds of busimss bugeles. rubber-tire rod
bugiriee, carts. Furrey* and warons for sale
cheap. 1504-8 Folaom ft. .' - ', .
BLACK horse for sale; 5 years old; weight
about lluO lbs; gentle and a fine traveler.
Box S533. Call office.
WANTED — A sound, gentle horse: one that
will stand without tying; for delivery wagon.
Box 3589. Call office.
WANTED — Use of horse and buggy dally, 1 to
5 p. m. Box 1567, Call <_fflc«.
BAY horse 7 years old. for sale: weight 1200
lbs; a fine buggy horse. Box 3110. Call.
WANTED — A horse for butcher cart. Box
SC38. Call office. " ..
BUGGY i lor sale cheap. 1210 Oak street.
FOR sale — Handsome Iran; cheap. Box 1215.
Call office- ¦¦•¦>. '¦- - .
Largest assortmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd, sur-
rey.hsrneKf.work.drivlnit horses. 15th- Valencia.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE. .
C A McNEILL LAUNCH . CO.. foot of Clay
ft.: for pleasure and business.; teL Bush Ml.
FOR sale — Young, fresh milking cow. Apply
717 Buy Rt.. city.
5500 FEET C-Inch pipe; good condition; gatt
valves and flttings. 2765 Howard et.
FANCY pijreonsi new imported varieties; send
for list. C. WILSON, 229 Stevenson st.
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING Co.. 35 Mrkt.Tel.Bush 858
BOOKS bouRht: libraries purchased. Klns'd
Old Bookstore. 61 McAllister st.
STEEL lined safe. 1800 pounds; $125. RICH-
ARDSON BROS.. 1816 Market St.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds and watches;
ea&y payments. GARIN. 803 Hayward bldg.
GASOLINE engines bought, sold, exchanged.
» repaired. Eykes-Corson Co., 254 Beale it.
EAFEB and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market Tt.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
. 12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mket.
SLOT machines cheap: Chicagoes. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIOALUPI. 033 Market.
EAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. S07 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, maglo, lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
EAFES — New and second-hand. E. B BECK
& CO:. 122 Market rt. » : ; '. ¦
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
.« all Fires. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ALTERATION sale— Best S2 60 hats, $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny tt.. near
¦ Pine; open to 8 p. m.: Sundays tn nocn. .
AEK for prices on eecond-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
~~ MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
MACHINERY wanted— Compound/ engine,
about 200 ti. p.: surface condenser; circulat-
ing pump;, machine lathe, 15 or 16 Inch
'' swing; generator, etc.. 110-200 volts,' 75 k. w
Address box IMS. Call office. ,
CALIFORNIA House wrecker ; Co. pays the
- hlghrst iric« for buildings and will remove
the largest building in 10 days. Of flee ' and
yard N. W. cor. MlMlon and Tenth sts.
WANTED— Second-hand Iron punch machine.
Box 3571. Call office.
EHOES -wanted; misfit & castoff: highest prcs.;
new A 2d hand shoes for sal*. 749 Mission.
¦¦ , MONEY TO LOAN." ." ;
SALARY Loans— . ~ ~^~~~
Money loaned 'salaried people without secur-
. Ity or indorsement, knowledge or employer or
any one: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, . 453 Parrott bldg.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail roer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses. "" without
security: tasy payments; large business In
46 principal cities. . Tolman,' 553 Parrott bid.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
' Tailor, 721 Market st. . ¦
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark . Co.,
812 Shotwell; consultation free; call or write
SOCIAL dances Wed., Thure., Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays. . Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. 1650 Market, .nr. Larkin.
PROF. S. DE LOUTSKY. dermatologist, 1567
j Post st. — Modern .-facial treatment; at home
if wanted, -¦. - '-
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.). tailors. 720 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Travers. 1170 Market.
Actlna' restores lost eyesight ;cu res deafness and
catarrh. A* VIDA Co., 3524 18th. nr. Valencia.
MRS." Eaton, electric 'needle specialist. 36ft Sut-
ter. r. 600. Miss Eaton; 233 Geary, room 33.
MASQUERADE costumes. < play books, wigs;
countn- orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE eult $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hslr to 4m natural color, $1: at all druggists'.
PALJlIiTHY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, Bclentlflc palmlct. 515
Taylo.- »t. near Geary. Phonn Black B61.
SPECIAL NOTICES. : .-;
A GUARANTEED -cure \ for' , piles ; " PETER
FREIUNG'S pile; salve. $1 per, box; , war-
ranted to cure all cases of. bleeding, itching,
external, internal- or protruding ? piles. : also j
fistula, without fall, no I matter- how long j
standing. 1«2S Devlsadero st.. near Sutter. v > {
Ladles'. Chichester's- English Pennyroyal .Pills j
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c |
stamps for particulars. "Relief . for I Ladies"
In letter by return mall. Ask your' druggist.
Chichester Chemical Co.: Philadelphia; Ta. j
. ----'A-;-.: specialists.' , ¦?';:>-;;¦»- -¦.-¦
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
• positively cured;new methods; 1 week's treat-
ment free '-Dr. Cot.tlngham. 204 Sutter 1 -
HEAL ESTATE— Conn tr>— Pot i Sale.'
1400 : ACRES ' at 1 $6 50 ' per acre; only 90 Tmlles
. from Sari ' Francisco: to close up an estate.
¦; See owner dally at 12:30., RICHARD KEAT-
": INGE. .108 Jessie St.; ¦ San? Francisco. . --'.;¦•;
$10 A MONTH buys a^lO-acre farm.
$200 ' profit per : annum per 'acre, " ', "
Write for booklet. lilt's .free, i 603' J :sf
WRIGHT A K1MBR0UGH. Sacramento! Cal.
ALFALFA i lands, ; stock T ranches.- orchards.
¦ : vineyards ; Inspected . bargains ; ; monthly - ?ata-
. logueh' sent free. C..M.WOOSTER CO.." 648
Market st. .'.'.', -.''..¦ -:¦• - :'.'-¦•¦'. .'¦ '¦-: '•'¦'-,:•>'• -.v...w,.;
FOR, sale— TO acres vineyard in .large or small
v tracts, * near . Martinez. E. • B., 607. Sixth, st.,
Oakland.- • •• ¦-¦. .' ';.*.-¦' - - • ¦"'« .
round trip, for $2. Returning, the train will
leave Chlco • Saturday, evening. 10 o'clock, ar-
riving In San Francisco early on Sunday morn-
ing . *¦.---
Special reduced round trip tickets from • all
Intermediate points, good on local or excur-
sion train, of a single fare one way for the
round trip. _ - i« - • «
For further particulars, apply
EASTON, ELDRIDGE &.CO..
638 Market st.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES, 612 Callaghan bid.,
-will build on your property or buy you a lot;
• $8 a month pays principal and Interest -jn
each $1000 of : balance due, making your in-
stall m e n ts less^thanjient^sendfo^clrcmar.
$J.25 I PER WEEK. , no : interest. Lots In the
- Excelsior Homestead 'Tract: all level; no
grading to do; ready to build your little hom.3
on; close to electric cars and school.
• ' . ¦ W. J. WHITE.
; /.. 26 Montgomery et.. room 0. .
jGOOO— FOR a home that Is suitable for sum-
mer and winter residence; ;in San Mateo;
¦ on car line; lot 100x186; 8 rooms and bath;
stable, chicken house and yard; easy: terms.
. . D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
FOR sale - cheai) — Neat cottace; : ; 4 rooms and
bath, flarge basement; 1 terms same as' rent.
Apply owner lumber . yard. : southeast . corner
Alabame and Montcalm sts. / ':'.•.
MISSION cottage to be sold cheap; 49 Francis
»t.. ' off Mission; 4 rooms, large yard with
-• exotic flowers.- long basement, bath; lot 25x
' 150;- bored well; ,\ . ¦ ; V: J .' . • '* \ '. u, . :
TWO rretty »>omes Just completed In the Mis-
¦ slon; 6 rooms.' bath;. about $1000 ¦¦, down, bal-
- ance easy. • See MOISE. 320 Sansome-st. :
FOR sale— Mcdern house, 16 rooms and bath; 2
> cur 'lines; " grand-marine -view;; near Cliff
; House. : -410 Forty-fifth ave. v ;.•.--....¦ ' .
BUILD on ¦ your : unimproved realty: - we ', loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 0 per cent.
. MANHATTAN LOAN CO.'.i Crocker building.
5 ROO"MS and ¦ bathT lot . 75x160; stable. 228
,\ Nevada ave.. oft , Cortland. -¦ >¦
MODERN cottage ; 6 ; rooms and I bf.th ; lot 30x
180. ¦¦• 5S2 ' Preclta'' ave., Folsom-st.-car. ¦ .;¦ .-
LATEST, system sanitary plumblngvby. AHL-
BACH & MAYER. .' plumbers, 836 Howard. ;
A. WEEK'S news for.B cents— The Weekly Call.'
¦'16 pages.' in wrapper,. for mailing, SI' per year.
¦:J. ¦¦-REAL" ESTATK ,' \VA.\TED. '; .
WANTED— Richmond , ; lot; '. price - no : object.
Box; 3634." Call.' - :•,-:. '.'¦,'¦ : ¦ ' ' -
'TYPEWRITERS .- AND a SUPPLIES. ¦
AN exceptionally good No.. 2 Remington, Na'l
; Smith .Premier,^ $25; Mother -at
¦ higher : and • lower ± prices; rentals r $2 50; The
.'¦'Typewriting- Exchange, * 636; California' st-\- •
A FEW 'good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars Of L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110: Mont-;
'.:' gomery' st. '-, .:-;'^..- .:'-,' w^.v-^' •;."¦' •.-> .-;".¦.;•.. • .
2D-HAND typewriters * sold, T . rented, •¦ repaired.'
Webster - Typewriter ; InepeC 1 Co., 608 Market.
TO SEE P. C. LASSEN, 466 TENTH ST.,
OAKLAND, CAL. .
BARGAIN.
A fine 10-room house In East Oakland; good
location; lot 65x150. with stable, etc.: all
street work done; easy terms. P. C. LAS-
SEN r & CO., 466 Tenth St., Oakland. Cal.
$1000 CASH. $15 monthly— Cottage of 6 rooms,
bath, etc ; good barn and stable, chicken-
. ' house. large chicken range, flowers and Im-
mense trees, in fine section, one block from
cars; city water, sewer, gas; away from
fop-' and cold winds; sandy loam soil; a
lovely spot; Adjoining East Oakland; size
100x200; all fenced: thisis a take-in at once;
-property price in all $2600. Call or send for
-circular. - 4B5 Seventh St., opp. Broadway
station, Oakland; carriage free. .
H. Z. JONES, Land Owner.
10 ACRES of land in suburbs of Oakland; well
located, to subdivide and sell lots; electric
cars to the property; chance to make $5000;
would exchange for Improved • property. E.
BISHOP, 466 Tenth St., Oakland. Cal.
MUST sell — New house, 6 large rooms; 2 blocks
to cars and "Key'\route station, bank, stores,
etc. : excellent location. Owner, 869 37th St.,
I Oakland. ¦ ', *".. -
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET. \
$10— COTTAGE of 4 room* and bath ; hot and
cold water; ;close In: very sunny. GEO H
VOSE. Real Estate. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS.
NEWLY furnished large sunny rooms: prl-
- vate house,, near narow gauge; $1, $1 50 $2.
: j 317 Tenth'st.. . .
OAKLAND jrvniilTlinE^Jj^OjftgALB.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in f urnl-
lure . H 8chfllhaas.llth st-.cor.store.Oakland.
MILL VALLEY ADV:RT ? S;M'TS
MILL^VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
SELLING FAST/ - "" • "
'¦- . " L '¦:- SELLING FAST.
100 LOTS SOLD UP TO DATE. .
Large new subdivision at the station of Mill
Valley; 40 acres In large lots,'- in the very cen-
ter .of the valley,- none of :which are .less than
50x120; ; prices range from $400 to $800; terms
10 Der cent : cash, balance $10 monthly;, grand
home sites amid : pleasant surroundings ; beau-
tiful ..view of mountaJns am! the "bay; the c'l-
mate uneaualedu splendid: opportunity, for an
investment; land values bound to Increase, as
Mill tValley is -rapidly coming no the 1 front;
the ' new electric - road s has : shortened the tlaie
to 40 minute* from the city;. Mill Valley has
all ' the -conveniences • of ¦ a city; fine - supply of
pure ?J mountain '.water: 'u good ;: sewerage '- and
drainase, .; electric Ilshta, stores, churches and
schools and. in fact, all ¦ convenlencts; lots
beautifully ; wooded ; . send •'- for \ our '.new; illus-
trated book descriptive of Mill -Valley." ,
. LYON ; H HOAG, 116 Montgomery ¦*. .
CUMMINGS (The). 618 Post. nr. Taylor— Jnat
opened; desirably located; sunny.single rooms
and suites, with private baths, hot and cold
water, steam heat, electric lights, phona every
room: elevator. Phone East 1317 If desired.
EDDT. 1254— Unfurnished rooms, stationary
tubs, running water; modern flat.
FILLMORE. 213 — Sunny alcove room;. running
water ;• cheap. *
FOR single gentleman, in private home., (no
other roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adjoining: 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2624. Call offlo. .
FULTON. 27— Nicely furnished room for. two
young gentlemen t private family. •
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33o
to $1 25 night: $1 CO to $6 wit.; readbig-room.
HOWARD, 761 tf— Nlcel^ "furnished bay-win-
dow room; also single rooms; moderate.
JONEH, 508 — Nicely furnished rooms : single
cr en suite; choice location; cent.; reasonable.
JULIA, 42%. off Mission, near Eighth — Nicely
furnished room; private family. ?
LINDEN ave., 2-85 — Two unfurnished rooms
I «nd bath; no children. ' ¦
PIF.RCE, 7&— Large front room, closet: also
'. large side room: for one or two.
ROYAL House. , 128 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per nUht. 33c to $1 60; week. $3
to $S; month. $s to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; bath*
SEVENTH ave., 67, near Lake^ — Furnished
.-¦' rooEuS. ... - . '...-' ¦ ' ¦ '¦ : :
TAYLOR. 615— Suites, single rooms and board;
terms reasonable. . -
THE ST. KATHRYN. N.E. cor. Leavenworth
j and Ellis— Sunniest • rooms in the city;- new
; hotel; -Just furnished fresh -and clean; nal-
¦ mattresses in every room; also hot and -cold
water, baths, etc. ; steam heat throughout;
elevator service ' and • every modern convent-
.-ence; rocms from $3 per week up. . ¦ -
THE PRESTON." 247 Larkin «t.. cor McAllister
. —Elegant rooms to let: $1 50 to $3 per week. ,
TURK. 82 — Newly furnished sunny rooms, ea
suite or single; transient; Just opened.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market-^400
rooms, 33c Uo $1 night. $1 75 to $8 week; elec-
trlcHghts (no gas), running water In every
' room: elevatcr.rrad.-room: free bus; baggage.
VALENCIA, B19 — Neatly furnished . front room.
'.'•;; suitable : for ;:¦ gentleman ; reasonable. ' ¦ ¦
WOLF House, 202 Sixth— Electric light In every
room: 15c to $1 a night: 75c to $3 a week:
open all night: "convenient to all cars. ". :
VAN NESS- ave;. 619 — Elemnt front « parlor* '
:.- and adjolnlnir suite for. office or club.-
VAN-NESS, 826 — Nicely furnished sunny -par- *
• . - lor bedroom Id modern flat ; running water. '
Continued on P^ge Fourteen.OAKLAND,- ApriV^l 11^-f^Chairmah
John- L. , Howard \ of .; the \ special { bond
committee r to-night -June
15 as the' provisional date for. the' bond
election. ¦ ' .•' .
Provisional Election Date.
: ¦'¦ Chief .'of t Police^Wittmani; petitioned
the \ Supervisors i. yesterday '.I. to'* transfer
the yFlreP Department^ lot ; onf" Bush
street,' near Polk, to the; Police" Depart
ment : for -i al'slte ; for ¦ ' a "j police '•; station.
The Fire Commissioners ¦ have 'con-'
sehted to, the; transfer. "V- >
Wants Ix>t for Police Station.
Time. Ball.
Branch, Hydrographic •' Office, U. S.iN., Mer
,*.--; chants' ' Exchange,"' San v Francisco, Cal.,
. April 11> 1901. : '-¦•.. ;-¦¦:¦
¦ ,The Time .: Ball . on the tower 'of " the Ferry
bulldlnfr was ' dropped , exactly, at noon* to- day —
I.- e.. at ,noon.of . the: 120th : meridian, or at 8
p.-m... Greenwich; time.' J. C.' BURNETT.
Lieutenant. .U. • S.-N..- in' charge.
United > States ¦' Coast and Geodetlo • Survey-
Time and Height of Hlgh'and Low'Waters
; . . - at ¦• Fort •: Point, » entrance '. to : Ban ; Francisco '
Bay. '¦-•¦ Published * by: official ; authority cl
the Superlntendent.^eEJ^SSSSBSSSSSSBpR
'.-- . NOTE— 4The .. high ; and t low . occur, at
. tho ¦ ctty ¦ fj-ont 5 ! (Mission-street 11 ; wharf)? about 25
minutes « later .than j at 5 Fort ¦ Point ; * the ¦ height
of : tide : Is : the i same ; at ; both i places.".- .
' ' TUESDAY. APRIL 12. L- , ,";'...
Sun rises . . • • , ."'. . ¦ •"• • ¦ .....:.... ..'.'. .'. ". .". . '.B :30
8un i sets «' ........... : . . . ; . . . .'. . . . . . . . . . . . .6 :42
Moon rises : . . .'.'.". :. . '.'. .'. ......... . .3:51 , a.T m.
•O' Tlmel :'-*- Tlmeli -"i.~: Time " •"¦'-" Time •«¦•.:
J»r Ft.' —~l : Ft.' 'Ft. Ft.
';?_; |L;W 0 ¦'¦'¦ :; H\W|-V.v*-' L 'kXV . '-;. .-;, H!W . ;
12' 3:18 r2.0 9:36 4.6 3:23 1.2|10;07 -;5.1
13" 3:54 i.l.o 10:16 -4:7 '3:58 itl.3 10:."50 5.1
14 4:S0 v'l.2 10:58 -'4.8 4:30 'f 1.8 10*58 i- 5.1 s
15 '5:0fl rtO.8 11:40 • 4,8 5:0S 1.7 11:22 V5.2
16 5:38-0.5 12:24 :4.7;5:38 -.2.0 11:47 .'5.2
17 I 6:19 ,0.2 1:10 4.7 6:14 "2.3 ::.:. .....
,|H .,W " L W|- , ; H-W . L W . .
18 |.0;18 '' 5.4 7:021^0/11 2:00 .4. g 6:54 2.7
'¦•' NOTE— - In; the j above 'exposition j of I the I tides
the early' morning 'tides ¦ are given In , the left
Sun, Moon and Tide.
BERKELEY.VApril - 1 li— The Board
of Town*Trustee"s -to-night .created the
nucleus of a uniformed police force by
the appointment V of E. Sisterna and
Thomas Wooley as regular patrolmen
ata monthly salary of $70 each. These
men .will ; be in ; addition ; to : the Town
Marshal's* deputies f and ; will; be under
the "direction 'of the 'Marshal. .
Berkeley Appoints Police.
Six boys, ranging inVage: from; 10 to
1 4 years, were arrested ¦ last ' night '- by.
Officer James O'Connor * and ; charged
with burglary. Their names are; Frank
and Henry. Splegl.f John Kelly,*! Samuel
Smith; Frank Guido arid "Willie Mason.
They robbed the offlce of f the Cali
fornia Wire Workson^Bay street, near
Mason, on last Saturday,'', securing sev
eral «6f a cu shiohs, \ a shaving set,- an
umbrella, some silverware ; and ] cloth
ing.; " On account' of their," tender, years
they {were sent to' the^ juvenile ' .ward
f orj incorfigibles ¦ at ; the [Central ; Emer
gency Hospital. .: They, reside at' 1 North
Beach. Most of the Js stolen V property
~'"i -i Vr r n- •- r" i "IMfflBBHTiMBIB HrttefiBftB
Boy Burglars Captured.
. TO ARRIVE.-
Steamer. , . From. • i Due.
Pomo..... ... Pt Arena & Albion. ".. Apr. 12
Mongolia Norfolk Apr. 12
TItanla..... .". Nanalmo .:. Apr. 12
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma .;.. Apr. 12
Tellus... .... . Oyster Harbor v .;.>... Apr. 12
San Jose. ..... New York via Panama Apr. 13
Arcata....... Coos Bay & Pt Orford. Apr. 13
\Argo......... Eel River Ports Apr. 13
Czarina Coos Bay,. Apr. 14
Pomona...... Humboldt Apr. .14
Santa Rosa... San Diego ft Way Pta. Apr. 14
Oregon Portland & Astoria .... Apr. 14
Santa Cruz... San Pedro & Way Pts. Apr.' 11
Marlposa..... Tahiti i. ...... Apr. 15
Eureka Humboldt :... Apr. 1C
Gaelic... China & Japan ........ Apr. 16
Umattlla..... Puget Sound Ports. ... Apr. 16
Amasis. ...... Seattle Apr. 1«
Spokane.''..... Humboldt Apr. 17
Bonita Newport & Way. Ports. Apr. 18
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Apr. 1H
Alameda . Honolulu .............. Apr. 19
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria. . . . Apr. 19
City Panama. New York via Panama. Apr. 20
Nevadan Honolulu*-*.- Kahului.'-. Apr. 20
Senator. ..... Pu£ e t Sound Ports. ... Apr. 20
Jeanle. ....... Seattle & Tacoma. .'.Y. Apr. 22
Amen Maru.- Yokohama '..... Apr. 24
"¦ "~ ~ TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination.:; | Salls.l Pier.
April 12.
Aurclla. . . . Astoria & ' Portland 6 ¦ pm Pier 2
Elizabeth.. Coquille Rlver.V... 5 pm Pier 20
G. W. Elder Astoria i & Portland 11 am Pier 24
• -i April 13.
Chico. .....' Coquille River. .... 6 pm Pier ' 2
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor-. :... Pier —
Eureka. ... Humboldt ......... 9 am Pier 13
Spokane... Humboldt .......: 1:30 p Pier. 9
Bonlta. . . .". Newport & Way. . 9 am Pier . 11
April 14. '
Rainier...:' Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Pomo. Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier" 2
State of Cal San ¦ Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
L";V- April. 15. , ¦'.-
Argo....;. . Ecl'RIver: Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata....' Coos B.,& Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Alliance..; Eureka & Coos, B. 11 am Pier 16
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial. Seattle & i Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
¦.-. v - , April 16. . i -.¦:•- .¦:¦¦¦
Pomona. .'. . . Humboldt -Y. 1 :30 p Pier ¦ B
Korea....; China '& Japan. ;7. 1 pm Pier 40
City Para. . N. Y.~ via' Panama 12 . m Pier 40
. April 17.
S. Rosa.... Ban Diego &-. Way. 9 am Pier 11
S. Cruz..;. San. Pedro &¦ Way. 0 am Pier 11
Oregon."... AstorlaA Portland 11 am Pier 24
April 80. c /
Umatilla. . . Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier '• 9
Amasis.... : Hamburg :.&•¦ "Way. 2 pm Pier 19
FROM SEATTLE. ,
| .¦ ' . For. I Sails.
Alkl .... . . .... Skagway . & ..Way Ports. Apr. ¦ 1 2
.Cottage City.. ¦ Skagway •& Way Ports. Apr.' 13
Dolphin..;..." Skagway &¦ Way Ports. Apr.' 14
City Seattle:". SkRgway & Way. Ports. Apr. 10
Santa Ana. ... Valdez;- & ¦ Way- Ports. Apr.'lO
. Bertha ....... Valdez < & Way . Ports : . Apr. : 19
Farallon...... , Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 19
Movements of Steamers.
, The steamer Senator, which sailed on Sun
day for Victoria, carried an assorted merchan
dise cargo, consigned to the port of destina
tion and the principal British Columbian ports,
valued at $14,890. and Including the following:
10 bbla flour, 2824 lbs coffee, 3230 lbs 6cs
raisins 8875 lbs dried fruit. 4978 lbs butter,
1267 lbs cheese. 2624 lbs 5U cs meals, 1000 lb»
sugar 208 lbs hama. 24,590 lbs malt, 15 cs
canned goods. 10 pkgs paste, 8 pkgs groceries
and provisions. 20 cs eggs, 100 cs whisky,
500 lbs chocolate. 218 pkgs fresh vegetables,
657 pkgs freah' fruits. 30,000 lbs salt, 262 gals
wine 420 lbs nuts. 24 cs honey,' 2 rolls leather.
23 bales twine, 1 pkg machinery, 97 pkgs
paints and oils, 5 bbls whale oil. 100 tins
matches 12,408 lbs soda . ash, 24.139 lbs blue
stone 280 lbs ' 2 ca tobacco, 30,338 lbs wood
pulp • 11,200 lbs fertilizer, 5. pkgs drugs, 8074
lbs tin, SO boiler tubes.. 10, pkgs sewing ma
chines 342 pkgs rooflngr-H . kegs nails, 8 pes
etcel. 4 pkgs dry goods. •
In addition, to the- foregoing the- steamer
carried 100 tons of pig lead, valued at $8404,
en route to Montreal. Canada.
Exports for the North.
The British ship Falklandbank, bound from
Glasgow for Victoria, grounded at the mouth
of the Clyde and remained ashore several
hours. She has been towed off. The • damage
sustained, if any, hae not yet been ascer
tained. * ¦¦.*,' ' ¦
Ashore at Mouth of Clyde.
A. H. Donnelly, who lives at 464 Minna
street, tried to stop a runaway | horse yester
day at East' and Market streets. The horse
knocked him down and the wagon the horee
was pulling. ran over Donnelly, breaking his
lower Jaw and otherwise damaging him.
Knocked Down by * Runaway Horse.
Two French barks were Padded yesterday to
the overdue list. The Margaret Dolfua, out 169
days from Rio de Janeiro for Seattle, and the
Lamoriciere, . out 160 days from New Cale
donia for Glasgow, are the latest additions.
They are quoted at 10 per cent. The Engle
horn, Notre Dame D*Arvor and the Gaetano
Caeabona are quoted at 15 per cent. The La
morna is still being offered for reinsurance at
90 »er cent. ~ t < ¦
The Overdue list.
The American-Hawaiian SteamBhlp Com
pany's freighter Californlan, Captain Barren,
arrived yesterday, 68 days ; from New York.
In : a . heavy T gale encountered shortly after
leaving the Atlantic port she shipped some big
seas which washed overboard several tons of
coal stowed on deck. Otherwise the Calif oraian
encountered ' fine weather. She brought a full
cargo of general merchandise. • Chief Officer
Walters of the Californlan, who modestly-ack
nowledges himself the handsomest mate In the
American-Hawaiian line.' lost fifteen pounds In
weight between ; the Straits of Magellan and
this port as -a result of the warm weather.
Californlan Arrives.
Same owner with Albert Dayton (contractor),
architect same-r-Sewerlng, ' plumbing, gas flt
ttng. etc., for *ame on same; $l060.- .
California Baking Company ' (owners) -with
C. C. . Morehouso (cor.tractor), " architects , H.
Gellfuss & Son — P?asterlng , and cementing . for
partly two and one-story brick : and - frame
building on ' SW corner of , Eddy and Flllmore
streets, W, 137:6 by 8 110; $1270. -
John M. Kepner and ¦• Larkln ¦' M. ¦ Haycrof t
(owners) with Richard L Elrod ¦ (contractor), . ar
chitect W. ¦ G. Hind — All work * except plumb
ing,- painting,; plastering, -mantels, fixtures and
shades. for a three- story. frame building (three
flat6) on N lire of Jackson street." -165 E of
Larkin. E 27:6 by.N 137:6; $5236 45.
- Euphemla G. Bruns (owner) wlth.B. C. Al
lyn (contractor); architects Meyer & O'Brien —
Alterations and . additions , to two frame . build
ings and erection of a three-story frame 1 build
ing (flats) on NE corner of Jones and Ltncoln
streets, E 46:2 by N 81 :6p $10,500. ; ,
John iClaussen (owner) with Joseph F. Boed
deker (contractor), architect — All work
except mantels, shades and gas fixtures for a
two-story frame building on' S line of Thir
teenth street. 70 E of Folsom. 24x24, or S
line of Thirteenth street. 65 E of Folsom. 21
x24: $1350.
Thomas Moore (owner) with G. Flndlay (con
tractor and architect) — All work for altera
tions and additions to a two-story frame build
ing on N line of Nineteenth street, 55 W of
Lapldge, W 25 by 100; $1166.
Tv Derham (owner) with It. . Fahy (con
tractor), Copeland & Pierce architects — AH
work for a two- story and basement frame
building on N line of Bryant street, 85 NE of
Ninth NE 48 N 90 NW 48, thence 90 to be
ginning; $4600. . >Uf. , .
Dollle S. Andrews (owner* with Terrill Bros.
(contractors), architeft^-All 'work for a
two-stor- frame building on E line of Lotta
street. 300 S of. Parnassus avenue, S 25 by E
101: $4000. .
. Mrs. A. J.-Morrissey (owner). with Nicholas
McCabe (contractor), ¦ -architect — All
.work for ¦ a two-story - and basement frame
building (Hats) on N line of Twenty-seventh
street 225 W of Guerrero. W 25 'by N114;
$3*15. . * - .:.-"¦•
William Fahey (owner) with August M. Wal
len (contractor), architect ill. 1 D. Mitchell —
¦ All work except gas fixtures, sewering, plumb
ing.' mantels and shades for a three-story and
basement frame building (flats) on N line of
Halght. street, 100 W of Ashbury, W 27:6 by
N 137:6; $0300. -
Amante Gherinr (owner) with J. Maccono
(contractor), " architect — Excavating.
trenching, concrete, carpenter and mill and
stair work, roofing, tiling, etc.. for a two
story and basement frame- building (flats) on
W.llne of San Jose avenue. 40 8 of Twenty
fifth. W -120. N 40, E 120, 6 40: $3510.
Francisco and Maria G. Carlomagno to Fran
cesco Clrimele, undivided ' Vj of lot on N line
of Green street, 60 W of Kearny, W 20 by N
57:6; ?10. '
Michael JDownca to James Downes, lot on
W line of Hyde street, 75-8 of Green, S 62:6
by W 87:6; gift.
James H. Mahoney to Reginald McColgan.
lot on SE line of Bryant street, 801 NE of
Third. NE 25 by SE SO: $10.
Reginald McColgan to Peter Smith, same;
$10.
James Hall to Lillian M. Hall, lot on SE
line of Tehama street, 462:6 SW of Fifth, SW
87:6 by SE 80; gift.
William Lasswell to Ellen Lasswell. undi
vided % of lot on W line of Bryant street, 75
S of Sixteenth, S 25 by W 100; gift.
Samuel and Caroline Goldman to George H.
Whipple. lot on N line of Clement. 90 W of
Eleventh avenue. W 30 by N 75; $10.
Georgo H. Whipple to Caroline Goldman,
same; $10.
Mary A. Gardiner to William H. Goddard
Jr.. rerecord 2024 D.* 368. lot on E line of
Eleventh avenue 200 N of Clement street. N
25 by E 120; $10.
William H. Jr. and Adelaide E. Goddard to
Samuel H. and Louisa H. Levy, same; $10.
Sarah J. and Heber W. Wltham to Guasie
Milliner (wife of Henry), lot on S line of Cle
ment street. '54 Wof Eighth avenue. W 20:6
by S 100; $10. r _
Minnie E. Tucker, Eita B. and George *VvV
McNear Jr.. A. 8. and Mamie T. Macdonald
(Tucker) to Orvllle D. Baldwin, lot on W line
of Forty-fifth avenue. 140 S of C street, 42 by
W 240; $10.
Estate of Marian and Leslie E. Miller
(minors), by CO. G. Miller,- guardian, to
same same; $162. •
Mrs. H. V. Brownell (or Harriet -V. Brow
nell) to Louis L. and Louisa Zocchl. lot on
SW corner of Nineteenth avenue and K street.
W 107:6. by S 32:6; $10. -
S Ducas Company to Henry J. and Mary
R Slerck. lot on W line of Folsom street, 158
S'of Ppiclta avenue. 8 25. W 80. P. V. 118;
$10. z5 i '", ¦
Same to Lorenzo and Josephine Brancata,
lot on W line of Folsom street, 92 S of Pre
clta avenue (NW corner of Folsom, street and
Bessie avenue).- W 75 by N 25. P. V. blocks
114 to 118; $10. . ' ¦ ;•;
Builders' Contracts.
Emma L. and Hugh P. McCaffery to Annie
M. L. Wohlstein, lot on S line of Twentieth
street. 130 E of Dolores. ¦— 25 by 8 114; $10. i
\ William H. and Ella Dalton to J. F. Townes
and T. J. Wilson, let on NW corner of Twenty
elxth and Fair Oaks streets, N 135 by W 125:
$10.
Cornelius O'Connell to Lars Olsen, lot on S
line of Clipper street, 106:8 W of Noe, W 28:4
by S 114; $10.
Margaret E. and George S. Nevln to Marie
E. Tourny (wife of George), Lewis V. B. Hint
rich and Bernadine J. Connolly (wife of W. A),
lot on W line of W Front street, 03:8 N of
Washington, N 43:10 by W 137:6; also lot on
N line of Everson street, 203:7% E of Bacon,
E C6:4»; by N 180:1%. NW 60:j£. S 200:9;
aleo lote 66 and 67, - block 33, Fatrmount Land
Association, and property out of county; $10.
City and County of San francisco to Mary
E. Potter and Ella N. Wright, lot on SW
line of Ninth ' street, 212:6 SB of Harrison,
SE 37:6 by SWiCO; $ -.
City and County of San Francisco to Daniel
J. and Katherine T. Buckley, lot on N line < of
Washlnston street. 1B6:9 W Of Buchanan. W
25 by N 127:6; « .
Susan M. Soule to Magdalena I. Baird (wifo
Charles W.), lot on S line of Page street,
lS>7:6-.W.'of Buchanan, W 30 by S 120; also
lot commencnlg 187:6 W of Buchanan, and 120
S of Page streets. W 30 by S 17:6; $10.
Margaret. Grace M., Howard F. and George
L. Powleson to E. Orack. lot on S line of
<Jolden Gate avenue. 100 E of Scott street, E
25 by S 137:6; $10. "
Albert J.. and Mary E, Hart to Adolph G.
RosenthaU lot on W line of Scott street, 125
S of Lloyd, S 25 by W 118:9; $10.
William J. Farren to William H. Goddard
Jr., lot on E line of First avenue, 75.48 N. of
Golden Gate, N 50.32 by E iOO; $10.
Georse F. (or Gerhard F.) and Jennie M.
Terschuren to George M. Mitchell, lot on NE
corner of Spruce and Clay streets. N 40:2^ by
E 107:6; $10.
. Catherine Cotter 'to Samuel D. and Annie
Cameron. . lor on W llne-of Guerrero street, 185
S of Fourteenth, 3 25 by W 131:9; $10.
Mary Oppenhoimer to Leonard B. Weller, lot
E* U " e of PoIk s t re «t. 30 S of Pine, S 30 by
MONDAY,
APRIL 11
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIOXS.
; GIBRALTER— Sailed 11— Stmr Can
oplc,. from Alexandria and Naples, for Boston
| YOKOHAMA— Sailed April 8— Stmr Empress
of China, from Hongkong, Shanghai, Nagasaki
and Kobe, for .Vancouver. . • -
;•-¦ PORT.. SAID— Sailed April 11— Stmr Oanfa
from ; Tacoma, Yokohama and Hlogo. for Liverl
pool. ¦ ¦ -" . - >' 4^"4QBVV40Bi9HpSCkMMqiB9l
> NEW YORK— Stmr Kronland, from Antwerp
passed Nantucket lightship 2:10 p. m., April 11
Sailed April 11— Stmr San Francisco - '¦-
.Arrived , April 11— Stmr Nureldlan, from
Halifax. * . .
¦ BREMEN— Sailed April 11— Stmr Rhein for
New York. n3B£|£BB~ps9*i3BM[9MBgHt.»
¦-.. LIVERPOOL— Sailed April 11— Stmr Pom
eranian,' for Boston.' '" "
Arrived April 11— Stmr. Georgian, from Bos
ton. .
GLASGOW— Arrived April 10— Stmr Colum
bia, from -Npw • York; - " -. ~ V
¦:¦ PLYMOUTH— Sailed ,. April Jl— Stmr -Graf
WftMersee. .f rom i Hamburg, for New York ¦
-COPENHAGEN — Arrived April / 11— Stmr
Nikolai ' II, -from Boston.-nBSsbedMflHarifeM
•;/• MARSElLLES-^-Arrived April 11— Stmr Pe
rugia, from New ' York. ;" - ¦ \
OCEAN . STEAMERS
ANTWERP— Hailed April 10— Br ship Peleus,
for San Francisco. . •
GUATEMALA— Sailed April 0— Ger stmr
Hermonthis, for San Francisco.
TORT ELIZABETH— Arrived April 10— Schr
Marconi, from Knappton.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April 9— Br bark
Strathdon, from Portland. -
CALLAO — Arrived April . 6— Ger ship ¦ Chile,
from Vancouver. '
Sailed. April 0— Ger stmr Serapls, for San
Frandisco. ¦" .
Sailed April 0— Ger stmr Serapls, for San
Francisco. ¦
. FALMOUTH— Arrived April 9— Fr bark
Germaine, from Portland. •¦ •. .
CALETA BUENA— SaUed April 7— Ger ship
Adelaide, for Philadelphia.
BARBADOES — Arrived Mar 22— Br ship
Rothesay Bay, from Plsagua.
. CORONEL — Arrived Mar 21 — Ger stmr Eva,
from Port Blakcley, ¦ for Buenos Ayres.
AUCKLAND— Sailed April 8— Stmr Sierra,
for San Francisco; arrived April 11— Stmr So
noma, . hence March 24.
DOVER— Passed April ,10— Br ship Saman
tha, from Vancouver, for ¦Queenstown.
. CARDIFF— Sailed April 9— Fr bark Cam
bronne,' for Honolulu.*
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed April 11— Stmr Amer
ican, for San Francisco, via San Diego.
HONOLULU— Sailed April 11— Br stmr
Gaelic, for 'San Francisco.-
Arrived April 11— Br bark Earl Derby, from
nitrate sort.
Sailed April 11— Ship Bangalore, for Kahului;
Br ship luuique for San Francisco.
ELEELE— Arrived ' April 6— Bktn Hawaii,
from . Honolulu. , .
MANILA — Arrived April 8 — Br atmr Sat
suma, from New York. • •
EASTERN PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS.
REDONDO— Sailed April 11— Stmr Geo.
Loomis. for San Francisco
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed April 11— Schr
Prosper, for Kogglung. ¦ "•
ELAINE— Arrived April B— Ship Eclipse,
hence Mar IS. ,
COOS BAY— Arrived April 11— Stmr Arcata,
hence Anril 8.
BANDON— Arrived April 11— Schr Western
Home, hence Mar 20.
ASTORIA— Sailed April 11— Fr bark La
Bruyere, for Queenstown; April 10— Br stmr
Lothian, for China and Japan.
TATOOSH— Passed In April 11— Br ship
Thlatlebank, • from Astoria for Port Town
send. '
Passed In April 11— Br stmr Missouri, hence
April 8. for ¦ Seattle
TACOMA — Arrived April 10— Stmr Mack
inaw, hence April 6.
-SOUTH BEND— Arrived April 10— Schr
Louis, hence Mar 30.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived April 10— Schr
Fred E. Sander, hence Mar 31; schr Marie E.
Smith and bktn Katie Fllcklnger, hence Mar
GO.
SEATTLE— Sailed April 11 — Stmr Humboldt
for Skagway.
Arrived April 11 — Br ship Hougoraont, from
Victoria; stmr Santa Ana, from Valdez
EUREKA— Arrived April 11— Stmr San Pe
dro, hence April 10; stmr Pomona, hence
April 10; stmr Xoyo, hence April 10; atmr
North Fork, hence April 10.
POINT REYES— Passed April 11, 12 'm —
Stmr Alliance, from Portland, etc., for San
Francisco. -« .
DOMESTIC PORTS,
April 4— Lat 38 north. Ion 40 west. Ger ship
Kilo, from Iquique, for Hamburg.
• April 3— Lat 38 north. Ion 43 west, Fr bark
Jules Gommes, hence Deo 14 for Queenstown.
Lat 47 north,. Ion 7 west, Fr bark Genevieve
Molinoe, hence Dec 12 for Belle Island.
Jan 19— Lat 1 north. Ion 127 west.- Fr bark
Amiral Halgan, from Portland -for Queenstown
Jan 2S — Lat 19 north. Ion 131 west, Br ship
Chiltonford, from Tacoma for Queenstown.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS— April 11. 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind SW.; velocity 6 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
RETURNED.
April 11 — Stmr Chehalis, Martin, hence April
9 for Grays Harbor, returned on account of los
ing . blade of propeller.
Stmr Geo. W. Elder. Randall. Astoria; O R
& N Co.
Ship Sea Witch, MacLachan, Bristol Bay;
Alaska Salmon Co.
Ship Standard, GetcheU,' Bristol Bay; Xorth
Alaska Salmon Co. ¦
Ship Aryan, Pendleton, Honolulu; John Ros
enfeld's Sons.
Bark Euterpe, Bwanson, Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Assn.
' SAILED. ,
Monday, April U.
Stmr Asuncion, Bridgett. Seattle.
Stmr Mineola. Kirkwood. Tacoma.
Htmr South Coast.' Olsen, Casper.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen. Point Arena.
Stmr Pasadena, Henrlckson, Eureka.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, Bowens Lending.
Stmr Francis H. Leggett, Renler, Eureka.
Stmr Chas. Nelson, /Gunderson, Eureka.
Stmr National City, Hammar, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Coronado. Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr South Bay, Jamieson. Eureka..
Stmr Arctic, Nelson, Eureka.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, Mendoclno.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, Mendoclno.
Stmr Acme, Lundquist, Eureka.
Stmr Green wood. Jacobs. . Albion River.
Stmr Prentlss, Ahlstrom, Astoria.
Stmr Navarro, Weber. Bihlers Point.
Stmr Olympic, Hansen. Fairhaven.
Stmr Newburg, AnflndseD, Grays Harbor.
Bark Geo. Curtis. Calhoun, Honolulu.
Bark Electra, Peterson. Bristol Bay.
Bark W. W. Case. Anderson. Bristol Bay.
Bktn City of Papeete, Ipsen, codfishing.
Schr Coquelle, Pederson. Coquille River.
Schr Viking. Estvold, Coos Bay.,
Schr .Albion, Olsen. Siuslaw Rler.
s Schr Czarina. Schmaltz, Sand Point.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, April 11. '
Stmr Alliance. Hardwlck, 4 days 12 hours
from Portland via Eureka.
Stmr Alcatraz, ' Carlson, 29 hour* from Al
catraz Landing.
Stmr Californlan, Barron. &8 day* from New
York, via Coronel. 20 days.
Stmr Spokane. Nopander, 16 hours from £n
reka. ' *g£3
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, 54 hoars from
Victoria and Puxet Sound Ports.
Stmr Eureka, Jeseen, 20 hours from Eureka.
Stmr SUte of California, Thomas, 40 houri
from San Diego.
Scbr Ida A., Campbell, - 8 hours from Point
Eeyes.
Scbr William Olseo, Korrlk. 10 days from
Everett.
. Schr Jennie Stella, Haneen. 4 days from
Eureka. >
Schr Jennie Griffith, Gtbaoo. 4 hours from
Eollnax
Bchr John A, Ol*en, 4 days from Eureka.
¦ CLEARED.
The Russian barkentine Bering, . ac
cording to Roth^Blum & Co., the .ves
sel's agents at' this port," was lost at
sea on or ¦ about February 1, two days
after leaving Yokohama for this port.
All hands were saved and reached the
Japanese coast in the lifeboats. No
regular, notification of the disaster has
reached this port and the news of her
having been lost will come , as »a sur
prise to the local shipping world, which
for some days has been speculating on
the reason for r the , barkentine' s a'p
parently :¦ long voyage.
The; Bering was a vessel of peculiar
appearance and very 'familiar at this
port. She was built of steel, had lit
tle, beam' and was reported ¦ cranky i in
bad weather. She was a vessel, of 877
tons register and was built In 1894 at
Inverkeithing. She was owned ; at St.
Petersburg.
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three; tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the ' depth given by
the eharts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of . the lower low waters.
Roth, Bluifi &; Co. Say That Russian Vessel, Was Wrecked
Last February Two Days After Leaving -Yokohama for
This Port and That All Hands Reached Japanese Coast
AGENTS REPORT THE LOSS
OF THE BARKENTINE BERING
THE SAN FRANCISCO} GALL; APRIL 12, 1904.
14
. Mare Island and %~aUcjoJ Steam >*r*rf
'¦-": Steamer '. GEN.' FRISBIE or MONTICELLO-^'
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p.;m.. except Sunday.'
Sunday,': 0 :45 a.*r m .." 8 :3O , p.^ m."% Leave -" Vallejo
7 - a. ' m.', - 12 :30 . and 6 ¦ p. , m ., except Sunday.
Sunday. 7 'a. m., 4:15;.p.- m. "Fare.-; 60 'cents.
Tel. Main ; 1508.: . Pler/2. Misslon-st. uock.
HATCHiBROi ; '
ItOOSIS TO LET— Fnrn. and Dafora. i
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market — t
Most convenient an<3 rew>ectabi«; 700 rooms: !
35c to *l R0 night; $2 to $S week; elevator; j
elec.- lights: reading-room; free buy; bar~ ¦" '¦ j
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
oprned at IOCS Market et., opposite FifJu
Open until 11 P. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church ets.
ROU.MS AXD BOARD.
~_L>GEMERE HOTEL.
731 Bush st.. above Powell; select flrst-
class residential hotel; elegantly furnished
and table unsur|>assed : electric light; steam
beated end private exchange telephones in
•very room: terms reasonable.
B. DU CARPE. Prep.
BOARD tor the »«mmer in a nice private
home In San Leandro: one hour's ride to
jian- Francisco; all the fruit, vegetables, but-
ter eggs and chickens; home raised; accom-
modations first class and home like; rates
very reasonable. Pox 4276. Call.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
IC15 VAN NESS AVE.. NRAR GEART ST.
SELECT AND FTRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 708.
HOWARD. 841 A — First-class board with room,
single o«- double. $5-16 week; American fam-
l!y: home cookins; borne comforts: piano.
FTTANKLIN. 424— Furnished room to let with
board.
liOTEL ELSMERE. 418 Sutter— Sunny suites,
single r— s.: excellent table; moderate prices.
N.E. CORNER Broderick and Fulton — Sunny
suite, also single room, with board; modern.
VAN NESS «ve. 1714 — Elegantly furnished
scttes with baths: also single; homelike.
ROOMS AXD DOARD WAXTED.
I WANT room and board in Aro erlcan family;
15 minutes from Hale Bros.'. Bor 3C56.
Cell office.
BOOMS WAXTED.
WANTED — 3 unfurnished rooms by the first
of May. Address boi 47. 1008 Market st.
»»A PERIl^^JVG^PA^T^AC^^T^.^
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tlntfng. painting
Hsrtrssnn Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel Main *13
PHYSICIANS AN'D SCHGEOX*.
Dn.~C~cT~CTDONNELL— Offlce and residence.
1021H Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women
BLOOD ekin and rectal disease* a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases cf the human body; for
SE\VI.\G MA^!i^_L_l?" . SUrPtl - - -*-
YOU MAKE NO MISTAKE, r
But get th* best sewing machine on earth
when you buy the White. We are closing
cut a lot of new machines that are slightly
*hop worn at one-half and one-third regular
prices. White Sewing Machine Co.. offices
.100 Post st., 1S11 Flllmore St., and 7CS Va-
lencia st.
RENTERS— We have 100 new drop head White
sewing machines for rent; quick service:
best machines; telephone Black 1100. White
Sewlrg Machine Co.. 300 Post St. ' '-¦
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use;
best is cheapest; second-hand all makes at
any mice,: all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic offlce. 1021 Market, pear Sixth.
NEW HOMK — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; rlfrhtly used: flO. (15. $20: second-
hand. S3. $¦.*>. $S: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Pewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
Mt t'i»:rix«; ; ajvd^ stammbkixo.
MELBOURNE Institute, Van Ness & Market,
promises cure If In fair health; hours 1 to 5.
MAKKIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses were issued yesterday as
follows:
Christopher C. Mobley. 2S, Fresno, and An-
nie L. Wood. 23, V.'SS Buchanan street, city.
Hans Tho— en. I'l, and Marie Churchwlg, 21,
both of thiK'Cliy.
Patrick McArtile, 2L 31A Rlngold street,
and Kose Gartner, 21. 540 Sixth street.
Axel Frandscn, 31. Fresno, and Alma L.
D8nlelson. 23. Frew) o.
Joseph V. de Laveaga. 24, 1228 Geary street,
and Florence I. Callaghan, 21. 1900 Washing-
ton street.
,- Philipp Thelrsen. 33, S67 San Bruno avenue,
and Annie Callopy. 31. 807 San Bruno avenue.
Robert D. Hunter. 23, and Lenora G. Snjr-
der. 22, both of this city.
Albert D. Fiagg. 26. and Frances A. Gris-
wold, 26, both of this city.
Manoel Prera, 30, 908 Sannome street, and
Mary Oliver. Si, 908 Sansome street.
WHllam B. .5 wain. 37, Mary— Ille, and Mar-
garet T. Thompson. 29 2976 Folsom street.
Edoardo Riccl. 28. 6 Bartol . place, and Ida
Gtysgetti, 17, 1C22 Montgomery street.
Henry Lasare, 40. Chicago, and Carrie Mat-
they. 21, city.
Jai Young, SO, 704 - Washington street and
K. Corn e Marcee. 20, 704 Washington street.
E1RTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
moil will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publicaton offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
i-one authorize to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
»IARRLED.
avenue, , oft Mission road. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. -
FINSTERBUSCH— In this city, April 9. 1904.
Charles G.. beloved husband of Bertha Flns-
terbusch. father of Otto, Louis and Julius
Flnstcrbusch. and uncle at ' Mrs. William B.
Comstock. a native 'of Oschatz. Koenlgreich,
Sachsen. Germany, aged 7« years 7 months
and 12 days. (St. Louis. Mo.; papers please
copy.)
E~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday) April 12. at 12 o'clock, from the
parlors of H. , F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth,* thence
to St. Johannes' . German Evangelical Luth-
eran Church. Twenty-second street, between
Mission ' and Howard, where service* will b«
held, commencing at 1 o'clock. . Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GRIFFITH— In .this , city, April 11, 1904,
Vivian Susan Griffith, dearly beloved daugh-
ter of Alexander and Alice Griffith, a native
of San Francisco, aged 1 year 9 months and
5 days.
HENNING— In this city. April 11, l»04. Mary,
beloved daughter of William and Lulu Hen-
ning. and sister of Willie Henning, a native
of California, aged 1 year 1 month and 25
days.
b-7 Funeral and Interment private.
HILLS— In this city. April 11, 1004 Edward
W. Hills, dearly beloved husband of Mary E.
Hills, a native of Buffalo, N T., aged 40
years and o months.
1NGRA1IAM— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. April 11. 1904, Mamie lngraham. a na-
tive of Colorado, aged 33 years.
JOHNSON— In this cits'. April 11. 1904, Phoebe
J. Johnson, beloved daughter of Mary John-
son and the late N. Johnson and sister of
Edna, Gertrude and Emily Johnson, a native
of Califcrnlc, ased 6 months and 1 jjay.
KOCH— In this city, April 10, 1904, Caroline
Koch, beloved wife of Charles L. Koch and
beloved mother of William Schulirer Jr., and
sister of Thomas Bowman, a native of New
i'ork City, aged 45 years and 4 days.
ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Gantner Bros., 1209 Mission street be-
tween Eighth and Ninth. Cremation (pri-
vate) Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Kindly omit
flowers.
KONIGSBERG— In "this city. April 11. 1904,
Mary Louise, beloved wife of . Charles S.
Konigsberg, and mother of Charles W.
Konigsberg. and daughter of Mrs. Mary "A.
Brlg-gs. a native of . Boston, aged 63 years 1
months and 26 days. (Oakland papers please
copy.)
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday. April 14, 1904, at 1:30 o'clock,
at the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company. 2475 Mission street,
near Twenty-first. Interment private.
KURTZ— In' Oakland. April 11, 1904. ElUa
Wood Kurtz, beloved mother of Mrs. Louise
Thomas, L. R. and J. W. Kurtz, and grand-
mother of Mrs. J. J. Warner and Mrs. N.
K. Dunning, a native of Taylorsvllle, Ky.,
aged SO years 11 months and 9 days.
LOCKHART— In East Oakland, April 11. 1904
Elvira, beloved wife of Oscar Lockhart, a
native of New Brunswick, Canada, aged 49 !
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at €87 Geary St.. near Lcavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CUT. successor to Dr. LI P*
Tai herb doctor, cores all diseases of huxaaa
by use of berbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG' WOO the famous herb doctoi" — All dls-
»a«e» cured' by Chln*»« herbs. 7*4>-8 Clay «t-
SLOT MACHINES.
61ct machines. ?25; punchers $25; lifters, card
nAChlnet.fSO. V.'. A. Bradford CQ..11S5 Marktt.
STABLES TO LET.
BOARD your hor— s at 122 Eddy St.; best of
our* riven. ROBERTS.
STOKAGIS A.MJ «AKKUOl>EB.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. ; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. "23-
7S1 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 1C1.
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Ness; offlce 1238 Market, r. M: tel. South 750.
PIERCE-UODOLPH Stors£e & Moving Co.. Ct-
flce Poet and Powell fr-*.: tel. Prtv. Ex. C71.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Gclden Gate a — ¦. ; phone East 126.
GOLDHN West £terajre: advances made. (HO
Mission et.: tel. Hdward 841. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACll'IC Storage and Furniture Moving Co— -
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.: phone Jackson 251.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
gt.: ttl Main 1S40 Shipping at cut rates.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
AT the regular directors' meeting of the Cali-
fornia tichuetzen «^Iub Park and " Building
Afsoclati— held Wednesday. Aprf. 6. a divi-
dend of 25 cent* per chare vat declared, pay-
«ble on and after Friday, April 15, at th*
office of the treasurer. L. J. Reubold. 315
Kearny st. OTTO BREMER, Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 708 Market et.. opposite Third—
¦Kor tbe half year ending 31st of December.
1903, a dividend has been declared at the
late tier annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates,
:ree of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAT. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice — Office of Sierra Railway
Company of California, room 229 Crocker
buUding. San Francisco. Cal., April L 1UO4.
Coupon No. 14. due April 12, 1904, from first
mortgage 6 per cent bonds of Sierra Railway
Company or California will be paid at the
fiscal agency of this company, the Crocker-
Woolworth National Bank, on and after that
date. E. D. FRESHMAN. Treaeurer.
PROPOSALS.
NOTICE to architects — The Board of Man-
ager* of Mendoclno State Hospital Invites
competitive plans and specification* In detail
tor the erection of an assembly hall or con-
necting building between the Administration
Uulldlng and the ward buildings of the Men-
doclno State Hospital, to be erected on the
,¦•' mli*v "f said Hospital, near Ukiah. in
the County of Mendoclno. State of California.
to coit the sum of twenty -6even thousand
eight hundred dollars. Including the ¦ sum of
f 13<*> 00 premium for the plans and *peci-
ncstions adopted snd the supervision of the
erection of th« building to completion. The
propose*! building Is to be erected between
the Administration Building and the ward
buildings of said Hospital and Is to be con-
nected directly to the ward building* and to
run' to within 12 feet of the Administration
Kuilding and is to be T»7 feet in width north
and south and 70 feet in length cast and
•feat. Said building to be Joined to the
Administration Building from this point on
*»cn floor fiy a hall or corridor 12 feet in
width an<J 12 feet In length. Material, brirk
«n<l stone, to correspond with present Admin-
JONES— McLEOD— In this city, March 31,
l'J04. by the Rev. C L. Walz, Robert H.
Jones and Belle McLeod.
M V" RP " T — NICnOLSO *—^ this city. April
10. 1904. by the Rev. W. E. Dugan pastor
Stewart Memorial Church, Henry Murphy
and Jeseie Nicholson, both of San Francisco.
PARENT— HERRING — In this city. March 26
1904. by the Rev. Dr. Rader. Charles Edwin
Parent and Gertrude Irene Herring.
REED- MATTHEWS— In this city. April 6.
1004. by the Rev. William Kirk Guthrie,
Horace Fayette Reed and Edith Louise Mat-
tliewg. both of San Francisco.
DIED. ~ — —
Arramblde, John B. Kurtz, Ellta W.
Bernhard. William Lockhardt Elvira
Boker. Powell McAfee, William
Boorman. James E. McCarthy, Mary
Boucher. Sarah S. McDonald. Thos F.
Brady. John McNamee, William
Brewitt. Otto . Meehan, Rose
Brown. Michael Mehegan, Jeremiah
Costa. Joseph Murray, Anne
Clyne. Mary itonon. Isabella
Davenport, John R. O'Rourke Patrick
Donofcue. James Pollard. Samuel A.
Drew, Bertha C. Rathjen. Catherine
Driscoll. Mervin P. Riley. Mrs. Ann
— nsterbuscb. C. G. Schaffner. Dora
Griffith. Vivian S. Schneider. May M.
Henning. Mary Shirley. John A.
. Hills. Edward W. Stephens, Mary
lngraham. Mamie Sullivan, Elizabeth
Johnson. Phoebe J. Welch. James
Koch. Caroline White, James
Konigsberg, Mary L.
ANDERSON— In this city, April S, 1904, Alex-
ander Anderson, father of Thomae Anderson
and Mrs. 1* McPherson. a native of Ireland,
aged 5S jxars. \_
AURAMBIDE— In this city.. April 10. 1904,
John B.. beloved husband of Grace Arram-
! bide, and father of Mamie and Olyropla
Arramblde. a native of France.
lC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
st II o'clock, Tuesday. April 12, 1904, at the
French Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
Interment private. Please omit flowers.
BERNHARD — In this city. April 10 1904.
William Bernhard. beloved son of Henry and
Sophia Bernhard. and beloved brother of
John J. Bernhard. Mrs. Frederick Han and
Mrs. Harry Staupacker, a native of Iowa,
aged 29 years 2 months and 8 days.
C~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday. April 13. 1904. at 2 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau, 300
Montgomery avenue. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
BOKER— In the City and County Hospital.
April II, 1904. Powell Bokcr. a native of
G<?nr any. aged 47 years.
BOORMAN— At his residence In Marysville,
April 11. 1904, at 11 a. m., James Edward
Boorman. a native of Buffalo, N. T. t aged 61
year*.
C~ Will be buried on Wednesday at 2:30
o'clock.
BOUCHER— In this cltj'T at C9 Pierce street.
April 11. 1904. Sarah Stanley, widow of the
late James Boucher.
£— Notice of funeral hereafter.
BRADY— In this city. April 8 1904, John
Brady, beloved son of the late James and
Margaret Brady, and brother of the late
James and Margaret Brady, and cousin of
Mrs. Bella Levy, a native of Ban Francisco,
aged 30 years 4 months and 9 days. A mem-
ber of the Journeymen Horsethoers' Union.
Local No. 25.
£— The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:45 a. m.. from the parlors
of McFacMen, McBrearty &. Green, 1171 Mls-
rton street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to Sacred Heart Church where ser-
vice* will be held at 10:30 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BTT— (VITT— In Alameda, April 10, 1904, Otto
husband of Augusta Brewitt. and father of
Elwood and Lucille Brewitt, a native of
Hamburg. Germany, aged 53 years.
j'ears.
McAFEE— In Calistoga, April 10, 1904, William,
dearly beloved husband of Ann McAfee,
father of Susan, Harriet, George and Rob-
ert McAfee and Mre. E. C. Chesebro, a na-
tive of St. John, New Brunswick, aged 76
years.
in~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clcck, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets,
thence to chapel, under the auspices cf Pacific
Lodge No. 155, I. O. O» F. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. • •»
MCCARTHY — A solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late Mary McCarthy, at Sacred Heart
Church, corner Fell and Flllmore streets, to-
morrow (Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock. Rela-
tives and friends are requested to attend.
McDONALD — In this j city. April ! 10, 1904,
Thomas Francis, beloved father of Mary
E. McDonald, and beloved son of
Julia and the late Thomas McDonald and
coasin of Mrs. J. J. Casserly, Mrs. J.
Cauley. Mrs. J. McKean and Nora and Wil-
liam Murphy, a native of San Francisco,
aged 29 years and 10 days. , ':
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171 i
Mission etreet, between Seventh and Eighth I
thence to St. Michael's Church. Ocean View"
where a requiem high maes will be cele- >
brated for the repose of her ecul at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McNAMEE — In this city. April 10 1904 Wil-
liam, dearly beloved son of Sarah and the '
late Patrick McNamee. and brother of Mrs. ,
G. Murry. Mrs. J. Gibbons Thomas and .
Sadie McNamee and the late Edwin and i
. John McNamee and Mrs. May Sutton, a !
native of Ban Francisco, aged 23 years;
C~Not!ce of funeral hereafter.
MEEHAN— In this city, April 10. 1904, Rose,
beloved wife of George Meehan. and mother
of Andrew. James, Patrick and Geoige
Meehan. Mrs. C. Ganzert. Mrs. , J Dwyer,
Mrs. Clark and the late Michael Meehan
and Mrs. II. Ganzert a native of County
Donegal. Ireland, aged 62 years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1533 Fifteenth street, corner Capp i
thence to St. Charles Borromeo'a Church'
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
Brated for the repose of her soul, commenc- '
Ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MEHEGAN— In this city. April 11, 1904. Jere-
miah, beloved husband of Hanorab Mehegan,
ard father of P. J.. D. F.. G. A.. R. E. and
the late J. J. Mehegan. and Mrs. J. J Doran,
Mrs. J. A. Donnelly and Mrs. J. Leroux,' a
native of Ireland, aged -72 years.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow I
. (Wednesday). April 13. 1904. at 9 o'clock, at
his late residence, 1231 Pierce street thence
to Holy Cross Church, where a ' solemn "
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MURRAY— In Po-tland, Or.. April 10. 1904,
Anne Murray, beloved wife of F. J. Mur-
ray, a native of Ireland.
NORTON— April 8. 1904, at the Booker T.
.Washington Orphanage, Isabella Norton a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 9 months
and 7 days.
O'ROURKE— In this city. April 11 1904, at
220 Day street, Patrick, beloved husband of
Ellen O'Rourke, and 6tepfather of Joseph M.,
Thomas M. and John W. Hogan, a native of
County Waterford. Ireland, aged 44 years.
POLLARD— In this city, April 11. 1904, Samuel
Adams Pollard, beloved father of Mrs. E. de i
la Cuesta. Mrs. G. S. de la Cuesta Mrs. J. I
Kallmeyer. George Pollard and the late Sam-
uel A. Pollard Jr.. a native of Richmond,
Va., aged 78 years 3 months and 1 day.
C~Friend8 and acquaintances, are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from 5*ioneer
Hall, where services will be held under the
auEpices of the Society of California Pio-
neers. Interment Oak Hill Cemetery, San
Jose. Cal. Remains at the' funeral parlors '
H-.raxion uuuaing: eiate rooi. uasem»"iH
flcxir to he of foment and interior finished
with plartpr and white coat and nocossary
ljartltlon*. Second floor to contain rooms and
¦isirtnicnt* for employes. Third floor to con-
lain assembly hall with *tage, etc. Building
iol» provided with complete ayst'TO of ven-
tilation. Latins. — « pip**, electric wiring
t>r electric lighting and for tPlephoncs.
plumbing, painting W jt n drainagp and ww-
*r»gc to be carri<Ml outnidc of the building.
Said plans and tpocifleatioris fhall pr^tx-nt a
full, complete and accurate plan or plans for
such building in all Its parts, ehowlng all the
nrcereary details of the work, together with
working plans suitable for the use of tne-
oti»nl«-s or other builders during the con-
struction theitof, no drawn and reprew»nt«J
ar to be plain and easily understood : and aleo
¦ Turate bills showing the exact amount of
ell the different kinds of materials necessary
in the erection thereof to accompany salJ
plans and specifications; also full and com-
plete specifications of the work to be done,
•bowing the manner and Etyle in which the
name will be required to be dune. Riving''
rwh direction* for them as will enable any
competent mr<-hanl<' or other builder to carry
tliem out and to afford contractors necessary
into— latlon to enable them to understand
*vhst will lie required In the erection of euch
• building, and to make a full, accurate and
complete estimate of each item of expense
and the entire aggregate coat or such build-
ing when completed. The sum of $1300 00
«•— mtum will be paid to the architect whose
I'Iftns and specifications are adopted, which
i»hsll be full and complete compenratlon for
all «?rvices performed by such architect of
every kind and nature In the construction
and erretlon of «uch building, including the
furoirhing of such'plan*. guarantee that the
total cost of s-uch budding, said premium
»nd supervision of »sal<l building to ite com-
pletion shall not exceed the «um of $27 800 00
The plans and «pefincatlon» must be deliv-
ered on or before 10 o'clock s. m of the 7th
day of May, 1904. to W. \V. Cunningham
secretary, at * I'kiah. California. The Hoard
reserve* the rijrht to reject all or any of said
plant and m* • lncntioric, and the said nre-
mlum of *!:»<«> I*, will only b<- paid to the ar-
chitect or «rcbitectc whose plans are adopt-
ed by the Board of Managers. Further in-
formation may be had by applying to W W
Cunningham, aewtary, at fklah. California!
PROPOSALS for coal— Orflc" of General Supei^
Intendent Army Transport Service, San Kran-
oi»co. Cal.. .April 8, l\*H. • Sealed proposal*
in triplicate for furnishing and delivering at
Honolulu, H. T., four thousand clx hundred
tons, average steam coal, subject to twenty
p«r cent increase or decrease, will be re-
ceived at this, office until 4 p. m. April 28
1904, and then opened. Information fur-
nished on Application. Envelopes contain-
ing proposals should be Indorsed. "Proposals
for Coal for Honolulu," and addressed to C
A. Devol. General . Superintendent.
SAN. FRANCISCO. Cal.. March I*. 1904—
bealed proposals in triplicate will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. April 14, !
1904, and then opened, for construction of
frame subsistence storehouse at the Infantry
Cantonment, Presidio of San Francisco. Cal
Government reserves the right to reject or
accept any or all bids In whole or In -part.
Information furnUhed on application to WM.
fc. PATTKN. Assistant Quarm— .aster Gen-
*i.l. Ctaef Q. M.
US- M ui*-.;nt rMiurp Ul.rivi.ljr JJTIVJiie. f *
BROWN— In this city. April 10. 1004. Michael,
beloved husband of the late Mary Brown,
and devotwi father of Daniel. Josle and Mar-
guerite Brown, a native of County Cork,
Ireland.
I~ ""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. .C. O'Connor fc Co., 7G7 Mission street,
thence to Kt. Teresa's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HARMONY Alliance No. 15. S. P. A. of A.—
The funeral Oetail will assemble at the un-
dertaking parlors of J. C. O'Connor 1«J
Mltsion ntreet. to attend the funeral of our
late brother. Michael Brown, this morning at
« o'clock. By order of .
„ « T r „ J - J/ °' BR IEN. President.
M. COLL, Cor. Sec.
OFFICERS and members of Golden West
Lodge No. 264, A. O. U. W.. are requested
to attend the- funeral of Michael Brown.
T. CUMMINS. W. M.
C. A. SHEA. Recorder.
COSTA— In this city. April 11 1904 Joseph,
beloved son of the late Pedro and Juana Cos-
ta, and brot-Vr of Charles, Peter and Jennie
Coirta, a native of San Francisco, aged 22.
years.
(L^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 8 o'clock, from
the parlors of Valente. Martnl & Co. 1524
Stockton street, thence to Spanish Church,
where a requiem high macs will be celebrated
for the repose of his 6oul. Interment Italian
Cemetery.
CLYNE — In Benicia. Solano County. Sunday.
April 10. 1904. Mary Clyne. beloved wife of
James Clyne. and mother of Rev. Father
Bertrand Clyn*-. O. P.. "Joseph.. Theresa
Charts and Emily Clyne and Mrs. P C.
Lynch
C~The funeral will take place on TueedaT 5
morning from her late residence thence to
St. Dominic's Church, , where " a " solemn
requiem mass will b* «ung for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock ¦ -
DAVENPORT- In this city. April II. 1D04,
John Rushton, beloved husband cf Caroline
B. Davfcport. and father of Ellis John, Ed-
win and Grace Davenport, a native of Eng-
land, agt-d <H years 11 monthi and 14 days
DONOHUE— In this city. April 11. 1004, Janies
Donohue. a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
DREW — In this city. April 8. 1904, Bertha
CV-donia. beloved •wife of George D. Drew a
native of St. Louis. Mo.. - aged • 19 years 4
rounths and 23 days. (Tularc papers pieaaa
copy.) .
IC~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday). April 12/ at. l'o' clock, from the
parlors of McAvoy.& Co.-- 1239 Market street,'
near Ninth. " Interment Mount Olivet " Cem-
< t< ry.
DRISCOLL— In this city, April 11, 1904, Mer-
vin Patrick, infant con of Florence and Mary
Driscoll. brother of Daniel,' Florence and Cor-
nflius Alfred Driscoll. and nephew of Michael,'
Kate. Daniel and Ella . Driscoll - and Mrs.
Mary P. McCarthy, a native "of San Fran-
cIfco, aged 4 months and 22 days.- -
(—'Pr-if-nds and tununlnttincfm are renpect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-m orrotr
- April 13, 1904,- at' 1:30 io' clock.
from the parents' residence, 281- Crescent'
of the H. F. Maass Company, 917 Mission
etreet.
RATHJEN— At her residence. 801 Jefferson
etreet. In Oakland. April 11, 1004. Catherine
Rathjen, beloved mother of Thomas J. and!
Bernard A. Rathjen, and sister of Thomae, <
Michael and Darby J. Moran and Mrs. A.
Abrott and the late Mrs. Glancey. a native
of County Sligo, Ireland, aged 70 years.
£— Notice of funeral hereafter.
RII.EY— In this city, April 11. 1004, Mrs. Ann
Rlley, beloved wife of the late Michael Rlley,
and mother of John, Ann and the late James
'Riley and Mrs. ,T. R. Duffy of Benlda, a
native of County Cavan, Ireland.
— TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
1 fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), April 13, from St., Dominic's
Church. Benlda, where a requiem 'maes will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,' com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment at Benicia.
SCHAFFNER— In this city. April 11. 1904,
Mra. Dora Schaffner, widow of the late Fred-
erick Schaffner. a native of Oldenburg, . Ger-
many, aged tM years 6 months and 21 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday). April 13, at 1:30 o'clock, from
her late residence, 112 Scott street; between
Haight and Waller. Cremation I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.- Please oralt flowers. V /_
SCHNEIDER— In this city, April II, 1904,
May M. Drlacoll- Schneider, beloved daughter
• of lire. M. A. O'Brien and Jere J. Driscoll.
and sister of J. Edward Driscoll, a native of
San Francisco, aged 30 years 11 months and
17 days. •
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter. ,
SHIRLEY— In this. city, April 11; 1804,' John
A. Shirley, beloved ron of James and, Eliza-
beth Shirley, and ; beloved brother of Mary,
James, Elizabeth. Nellie and Richard Shirley,
a native of isan Francisco, aged 4 years "and
5 months.
STEPHENS— In this city. April 10. 1004. Mary,
beloved daughter of the late John M. ; and
Mary Stephens, and sister of Richard J. and
Loul-e G. Stephens, a native of Gold Hill,
Nev." , (Virginia-. City, . Nev., and ' Park , City,
Utah, papers please copy.) ¦ : > .. ¦
|[— Friends -and acquaintances are respecf-
- fully Invited • to attend ' the ; funeral services
Wednesday ¦ April * 13. 1904. at 1 o'clock,'
at the . residence . of her mother. 1C31 - Clay
street. Interment ; Cypress • Lawn : Cemetery.'
SULLIVAN— -In 7 this city; April ' 10. 1904.
Elizabeth Mary.; beloved - wife k. of John v J:
Hull Ivan, and mother, of . Thomas ¦ B.; ' Emma
¦ G. Elizabeth , F.. Grace . M.; John • J. Jr..
Jaines.F.,- Harry r-K. and William Sullivan.'
a native . of . New : Orleans. ¦ aged ¦ 6C - years 5
. months and I 1 day. , -• ¦.:-¦. ¦¦¦*¦ •— ... . , - ; , • ,>
•. C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited ' to attend the funeral Tuesday/
F. J Monahan, ¦ Manager.* " ' *' TeL • Mission 31. '
MONAHAN,^ O^HARA: & GO:
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS : AND EMBALMERS. '
2339-2341; Mission st. near > Nineteenth.*
• ¦ •• . ; San Francisco. ,
'James : McGinn.'.' ."f- Henry: Hansen.
JAMES- McGinn i*;co.,' ¦",.:.
- Foitnerly .With . McGinn • Bros., ; ; • ,¦.<.-: <
——Funeral Directors ¦ and - Embalmers—
• 214 > Eddy *t.:'TeI. South 678. f * >
, April 12. at 10 o'clock, from her, late resl-
; denee. 1450 Sacramento street, thence ' to St.
Mary's Cathedral. -where a' solemn requiem
.- mas8.wlll be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at" 10:30 o'clock. 'Inter-,
ment In Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric
funeral car. ¦ . • ' •, ..
WELCH— In this city, . April 10. 1904 James
Welch, beloved husband of the late Isabella
v, elch and beloved father of George, Arthur,
Florence and Clarence Welch and Mrs. 1 " J.
Madden, and -brother of Mrs.'J. Crowley.r a
native of Rome, N. Y.. aged 86 years. (Rome,
>..Y.,i papers. please copy.)
JT5* Friends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully Invited to" attend the funeral -to-day
(Tuesday)i at ; 10 o'clock, from the under-
Uking parlors of Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission
street, thence to St. Paul's Church : for
eervices. Interment. Holy Cross Cemetery.
W HITE— -In' the , City • and ' County Hospital.
April 11. 1004, James White, a native of
Maine, ased 02 years.
CARD OF. THANKS.
We herewith desire to extend our heartfelt
thanks to the m^ny kind neighbors and
friends, who.- by .their 'love and tender sym-
pathy and beautiful flqral offerings, helped to
lighten - the Mtter . sorrow lately suffered in
the loss of a loving wife and devoted mother.
mrs. j. >v. McCarthy and family.
ADVEBTI3EMENTS.
Positively cored by these
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating.'- A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drovsi*
oess, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongoe
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. ~ Small Dose.
Small Price.
*^i^ Every Woman
W^Swfi ? M.KR\ll Whirling Spray
\a*SS^5^^L tion ar.fi tfu*rion. B«it-Saf-
y V^V jpg^^fev- , '- eat-Mort Conrcgltnt.
If hf p»rnot »apvly the XWV' %M£5"t, , I
VLtnVTtL, accept no ~^ It *>^^T^,
cthrr. Irat i«nd stamp ict II- \\ # *«|ft/|
jnttraf e-1 book— •»rf»d,It giita tfk / ~.'f j
full parttenlars and dlrectloti* ln» tr . la •
valuable to ladles. 7!t % RT£X> CO.*
41 Park Bow, STew Tork.
152 New Mcnt^omer)'. San Frandaco. CaL
¦W'Ullam Hatttroth (Ladles' Dept.), 224 Sutter.
Union X>ras Co.. 214 Kearny »c Van N'eaa * Mkt.
Oegood Brothe— ...7th. and Eroadway. Oakland
Bald-win Phar— aey 11» ElUs
OOEAU TRAVEL.
' Steame— le»r» Broad— af
/?X^<oS. wharves. Pie— » and U.
At%^ 8aa Fraad»co.
l*V tS&~» V*\ For KetchUcan. VTnus^U
I ] VS^Vji \ I Jnneau. Halnes, Ekasnay,
I \ Nfew^A / I etc., AJatka— U a. rn.. Apr.
\«\ \\ Tw«/ 8. 10, 15. 20, 23. 30, May 3.
VyvV^^yxJ/ Change to Company'* ¦team*
Tor Victoria, VanoooTer.
Port To— isend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Bel-
Unstaazn— 11 a. m.. .Apr. 6, 10. 15. 20. 23. 3IX
May 5. Chan— at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and O. X. Ry.; at Seattl*
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C P.
Ry.
For Sureka (Huxnboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
P. m.. Apr. 4. 10, 18. 22. 28. May 4. Spokane.
1:30 p. m., Apr. 1. 7. 18. 18. 25. May 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles an*
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. ra.
State of CalK»— », Thursdays. 9 a. tn.
For Los Anpelek (via San Pedro and East
Ban Pedro). Santa Earbara, Santa Crux, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Uueneme.
Santa Cruz, 9 a. m.. Apr. 19. (Freight only.)
Bonlta, 9 a. m.. Apr. 5. 13. 21. 29, May 7.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose d»l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
calta. Guaymas (Uez.), 10 a. m., 7th each
month. For further information obtain folder.
R!f?ht Is reserved to change steamers or saillcjr
dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery et x (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Offlce, 10 Market at,
C D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange S22.
AZIEEICA1T &I— Z.
Plymouth — Cherbonrff — Southampton.
From New York Saturdays at 9:30 a. m.
Philadelphia ...Apr C^IGcrinanic May 7
St. Louis April 30jSt. Paul May 14
ATLANTIC TEAITSFO3T X.XSH.
tfew Yor3c — London Direct.
; Minneapolis Apr. 25, nooa
Mesaba '.: April 30. 9 a. m.
Minnetonka .May 7. 11 :20 a. ) m.
Minnehaha May 14. 4 p. m.
Only first-class ' passengers carried.
soaxx— xo~ line.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Kensington ....Apr 3O|S<nithwark May It
Dominion May 7|Canada May 21
¦ HOLIiAlTD-AMEEICA U3TE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12,500 Tons.
Hew York — Botterdam, Via Bcralo— le.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. in.
•Ryndam ....;Apr. 19|Potsdam . May 10
Noordam Apr. 26j Rotterdam ...May 17
•Will call st Plymouth.
RED STAS LIITE.
5ew Tork — Antwerp — Paris.
From New York Saturdays at 10:30 a. m.
Zeeland Apr. 23(Vaderland May 7
Finland ......Apr. 30|Kroonland ....May 14
WHITiJ STAB X.I2TE. ,
New York— Queenvtown — Liverpool.
. Sailing Wednesdays.
Cedric ..Apr. 20. 8 a.mj Oceanic. May 4. 9 a.m.
MaJestlc.Apr.27,10 a.m. Teutonic.M'y 11,10 a.m
Arabic, Apr. 29, 5 p.m.lCeltlc, May 13. 4 p.m.
Boston — Queensto— n — Liverpool.
Cymric Apr. 21. May 19, June 1*
Republic, (new) Apr. 30. June 9, July 7
Cretic May K, June 2. June 30
BOSTOH IIEOITESSAZrEAB SXBVXCS.
* Azores, Gibraltar. Naples. Genoa.
CANOPIC Apr. 23. May 28. July 2
ROMANIC ... ...May 14, June 18. July 30
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent Pacific Coast,
; • 21 Post St., San Francisco.
. .i « ' " '
K^VtolERS, MAR3EIUXS. G£NQA^|i I
S WAPLE.S & _ LS?^ J P Bl^_ E^ YP jlM
ROMANIC. ...'...Apr. 9, May 14, June. 15'
CANOPIC Apr. 23, May 28, July 3
(Send tor rates and Illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest In the
Mediterranean service.
First class, f&5 upward.
Boston to Liverpool qu^o-*
CYMRIC Apr. 21, May 19, -June J8
REPUBLIC (new) . . Apr. 30. June 9, Jaly 7
CRETIC... May 5. June 2. Jane 30
First class, (60 and $65 upward. accord-
Ing to steamer. For plans.etc. address *
CD. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent Pacific
Coast. 21 Post St.. San Francisco.. .
Jfamburg-Jtmerican.
Semi-Weekly Twin ! Screw Service.
' Por Plymouth, . Cherbourg, Hamburg.
THE GEEAT OCEAJT TI.YEB.
S. S. Deutschland
: 686^ ft. long— 23V5 knots average speed.
Sails May 12, June 9. July 7. Aug. 4.
Patricia ......April 'JiMBluecher ...April 21.
Belgravia ....April 16 Waldersee ...April 3O
Columbia ....April 21 'tMoItke .......May ."•
Pretoria .....April 23'Bulgaria . .". May 7
HAM3TJBG-AKESICAN I»TNE.
'Has grill room and tgvmnaslum on board.
Offices.'. 35 and 37 Broadway. New York.
HERZ0G& CO., 401 CALIFORNIA ST.
O. 'R m & N. CO.
OREGON "sails April 7. 17, ¦ 27, May 7. 17J.
and 27. GEO. W. ELDER satla April 12. 22,,
May 2. 12 and 22. Only steamship line tn
PORTLAND, OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. -Through tickets
to . all Steamer - tickets - Include - berth .
and meals. Steamer rails foot of Spear st. at .
II i a.*." m. S. . F. BOOTH,- Gen. Agt. Pass.
Dept.,!l Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. Gen."
Agent Freight Dept..'; 3 Montgomery, st.
S. : S. .VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
• land and • Sydney. . Thur.. ¦ Apr. 14, 2 p. m. ¦•'
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Apr. » 23. 11 a.m.'
S ' S.i ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Apr. 23. 11 a.m.
I.D.SPEICKELS k BROS. CO., A£t3-,Tic£et OfflCB 643 Mil- ;
let st, rreigut Offlce 323 Marisi St.,, Pier 7. pactife Si.:;
; COMPAOIIIE QEHZRALis TRAKSATHMTIQCB.-
D1HECT. LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. J^ J<r
' SalUiig cver>' Thursday, instead of -«WJT2fa
Saturday.* at : 10 a. ' m.', - from * Pier ; 4^. ¦*K^3tt3t- '
Konh.Kiver. . foot of Morton st."i3HsV>9p>H
-¦..First ;Cla«s to.Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class . to ; Havre." $45 , and - upward. GEN- -
ERAL AGENCY, FOR UN1TBD AND
CANADA. .32 .Broadway - (Hudson 'ibuiloiog*..
New . 'York.- J.'.F.--; FUG AZI-* Co.. Pacific Coast'
Agents.' 5 •Montgrrmery avenue.; .tan' -Ifranclsst,.""
Tif kf t.« - sold » by all . Rallmad Tlck-t Agents ¦
Weekly Gali. $1 per Year:\: The - week . opened r with a' decline. In. Mutton
and Lamb, as grass-fed Sheep are now -coming
in - suf ficlbntly « to .-. break the recent scarcity.
.There is ¦ no -change Hn Beef, ; which ' continues
Meat Market.
T)a vis, Trial Posti>oned.
Because of ~ the rion-afrival in thla
State of important witnesses -for the
defense . the * trial of : Thomas Davis,
charged .with an • assault upon Mrs. A.
H. Ames on the high : seas, was post
poned yesterday in the United States
Circuit. Court until Thursday fot this
week.- Judge de Haven will sit as Cir
cuit Judge during the trial.
CHICAGO, April 11. — Cash quotations ranged
as follows: Flour was dull and steady; No. 2
spring wheat, OO^ORc; Xo. 3. S56»5c; So, 2
red. »G08fcUc:'No. 2 corn, 62ai@52T4c; n 0 . 2
yellow, 52%633:-Ko. 2 oaU. ."S%@3S%c; No. 3
white. 3S642c; No. 2 rye, 67«4c: good feeding
barley, 32Q,'{4c; fair to choice malting, 44®*>5c;
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 09; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 16; prime timothy-need, $2 90:, mess pork,
per bof..- $12 2.VS12 37%: lard, per 100 lbs.,
$« 42'<i,r, 1 t\ 45; short ribs, sides (loose). $0 ia<fj>
tf .t7Vj; short clear sides (boxed), $7@7 25;
whlV«y. basts of high wines, $1 2S; clover, con
tract grade, $11. . ¦ : .
Article*-*- Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ., 22.500 22,500
Wh'/at. bjrhels 22.000 ' 40,700
Corn. buKheU ..143,200 45,300
O».ts. bushels .211,700 192,400
Cash Grain and Provisions.
The continued : hot. dry spell is causing con
siderable apprehension down In the . southern
district, where the Llmas. ¦- Small Whites and
Black eyes are grown, and these three descrip
tions are now very firmly held in consequence.
Some holders In *the ¦ south I have withdrawn
from the market altogether. The other sorts
show- no change * worthy of note. •." •: ¦ .
BEANS — Hayos $2 35@2 50; Pea, $3©3 25;
Butters. $3 50©3' 75;* small White. $3®3 10;
largo White.- $2 66@2 76; - Pink, $3 30O3 60;
Red. $4 50; Lima $3 20®3 25; ..Red Kidneys.
$1 50@5: BlacKeye, $2 1562 25 per ctl; Horse
Beans, $202 60. - .1
« SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3 75@4; Tellow
Mustard $3@3 25; Flax. $1 80@l tO; Canary.
6H@5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 14V4S16c; Rape,
lVi©2c; Timothy 6©6%c;; Hemp, 3V5@4c p«r
Ib; Millet. ¦ 3@3Hc; Broom Corn Seed. $20®2l
per ton. ¦.= .: , . , :'.".'; .¦-¦¦'¦..;.:¦: -. -,.:-
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye." $3 p«r ctl; Nile«,
$3 25; Green, $3©3 25. / .
Beans and Seeds.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls, and brands sell
about ViQlc under quotations. Heavy Salted
8t»ers, 9iio; medium, SV4c; light, 7\c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and 7%c for light; Stags..
6c; Salted Kip, 9c; - Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hides. 15®16c: dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf.- 18c; Sheepskin*, shearlings, :!5#30c each;
short Wool. 40@65c each; medium, 70S90c; long.
Wool, $1@1 50; Horse , Hides, " salt, $2 75 (or
large and $2®2 50 for medium, $1 25@1 75 for
small and , 50c for x ColU. "..•> Horse i Hides,- dry.*
$1 75 for large* and $1 60 for -medium.' $1®1 25
for small and BOc for Colts.". Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. - 31c; dry ¦ Salted - Mexican. 25c; . dry
Centra! American, . 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras, 75c; - large and smooth. SOc; medium,
35c; imall, 20c. ¦• - • .:- . -
- TALLOW—No. .1 .'rendered. 4%@4%c,p«r Ib;
No. 2. 3V4©4c: grease, 2^4©3o. ;./ - £p
WOOL— Spring clip— San Joaquln and South
ern. 12 months', OSllc; do 7 months', 8@10c
per lb. v "----' •-¦¦'-¦:-¦ - ' v.V. ¦¦ ,'••¦-¦•¦ - '•¦. .-!
HOPS — 24g27c per Ib ¦ for California, .1903, I
and 17% <g 20c for crop of 1904. - ;
Hides, Tallow, , Wool and Hops.
The Hay market was weak yesterday. There
were 75 cars in, there was a large carry-over
from last week and there . is a general ten
dency, both here and in the country, to realise.
Dealers said that there was more Hay In the
railroad yards yebterday than at any time since
laet fall. The great bulk of the Hay now com
ing In is selling at ¦$14@18 per ton. though
strictly fine lots still brlns the top quotations
below. . . • 1 - .
The millers are quoting a very firm -market
for Bran, with light stocks and offerings. -
BRAN— $19020 per ton. , .
MIDDLINGS— $24020 60 per ton.
SHORTS— $19©20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24025 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 50@31;
Jobbing $32;- Cocoanut Cake, $22®23: Corn
Meal. $29 D0@30 60; Cracked : Corn, $30@31;
Mixed Feed. $21@22; Horse . Beans, $309
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $15©17: ¦ Wheat and Oat,
$14©16; Oat. $13®15 50; Barley, $12@15; Stock.
$12 50913 50; Alfalfa, $12®14 per ton. -
STRAW— 50@75c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
COTTOLENEJ— One half barrel. OHc; three
half barrels, 9c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8%c; five tierces, 8%c per lb. .
Dullness I continues . the rule In this market
and quotations : are unchanged. -.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 10H<s" per lb for
heavy *llc for' light medium. 13c for light.
l<V»c for extra light • and 10®16c for sugar
cured; Eastern *ugar- cured Hams. 12%c; Cali
fornia Hams. ll%@12«4c; Mess Beef. $10 50®
11 per bbl; .extra Mess. $11 50012: Family.
S12 SO4013; prime Mess Pork, SIS; extra clear,
$24; Mess.: $18; Dry Salted Pork. 10^c; Pig
Pork, $27; Pitfs' Feet, $5; Smoked Beef. Me
per lb. ¦-.,.¦• '-- ¦ -.-; •¦••--¦:¦-;¦- ¦¦?
: LARD — Tlreces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and Oc for pure; half -barrels, pure,
9Vic; 10-lb tins. 8%c: 5-lb tins. 9T«c; S-lb tins,
IOC. ; : ¦••:•¦ ¦ ¦>'-:.. ' -'•' " ¦'•¦ -. ¦ .' ' ' : ' ' ' ' ¦ '
Provisions.
Thomas F. McGowan, a laundry en
gineer, was ordered to pay his wif$
thirty dollars a month by Judge Heb
bard yesterday. She sued him for
maintenance, alleging: that though he
earned a good salary he did not' pro
vide for her. .
Divorces were granted to Lizzie
Vinck from Prosper Vlnck for. cruelty.
"Rose Dreyer from "William Drever for
neglect and Clara Decker from Frank
Decker for desertlonl ,
Suits for divorce were filed bv Ed
ward S.~ Johnson against Eliza John
son for desertion; Huldah S. Lea
against , Frank B. Lea for desertion:
Annie Q'Neil against William O'Neil
for cruelty: Gertrude Jackson against
Osmond E. W. Jackson for neglect, and
Sanford Lawson against Mary J. Law
son for cruelty. "La wsoh says his wife
neglects 'him in .that she will not pre
pare his meals for>.him" and that -she
hurts his feelings by ; going out bi
cycle ridlngin the evenings and refus
ing to tell him .where she has been.
Judge Hebbard Orders Laundry En
gineer to Pay His Wife $30 a
Month "for Her Support.
COURT MAKES McGOWAX
MAINTAIN HIS FAMILY
FLOUR— California Family Kxtras. $4 80@
B 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 7O®5:
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 65®4 28
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 60 per 100 lbt;
Rye Flour $3 00; Rye Meal. 53 25; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn-Meal. $."» 50: extra cream do, $4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $4@4,25; Buck
wheat Flour, $1 D0@4 75: Cracked Wheat, $4;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75;
•Rolled- Oats, bbls, $7 20gS 60: In sacks. $(i 7SQ
8 10; Pearl Barley. ?6; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per. 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
NEW TORK, April 11— The *tock market
vat at a »tandsti!l almort for the greater part
of the day. but ln«t little ground. Pricos
started upward with rntrt vigor and there
VLRr h tentative effort to extend the advance
fcy developing new point* of strength upon
which to euetatn prices, as was successfully
rtone last week, but the attempt met with
little success to-day. The marking up of
pric** vi> lens bold and cornprehenslve and
the Etocks chosen for leaders were of less in
fluence on wntiment, the llrt at most cfTectlvo
market leadem having been pretty well run
over by the succession of movements already
m»(ff-. The more prominent stocks, on Um
contran'. •»* r.ow subject to atternpts to tak«
;•¦:.-- In th<*m, and eo more cEfective on the
ei&r- of reaction. Such efforts a.t profit-taking
w^re obviouti to-day, but were not pursued at
th* expense of value*, ar.d th«re wei little
urjreccy in the sf-Iliwr. The consequeTK-e was
• return to a tfuil and t>lu£gri«h market, but
tji en undertone of^jrood resistant* and an
.^Tparent difiwwitlon to await favorable devel
cpraents. N*w« bearing on stock market ccn
dltionn was not important and ivai. not of
much rtTert. It Js vronable, however, th«t
the hesitation of th<» market wuc due in part
to the pending hearing at St. Paul to-morrow
of the motion to enjo;n the pro rata distribution
o* the Northern Kecuritlep assets. Reported
Interview* with the principals to this llti-
Katlon brrathed a fpirlt of threatening that
was not reassuring lo the market, which was
weighed viwn by a rarvictlon that the eide
mr*tery cf thin proceedine: and the rtock mar
ket operation* In Union Pacific is ¦till hidden.
It wa* known also that th* April 1 Govern
trent report on the condition of- winter wheat
would not appear until arter the Block market
chmr'A, and there w«« a fw.ling that knowledge
of us tenor would be desirable before pro
cfeding with market operations. The almort
t>uoyant tone of the Lonuon market helped the
o?>eninir strenjrth here. Abundance of money
1k reported available In all the world's mar
(¦.¦•-. but that course nf eurplun funds «-»ems
to be toward Parts. Shipments were made of
cold to-day to that destination from London,
end $J,000.000 was t-ngared here. The tendency
to accumulate funds there will, arouse some
renewed surmises of a ]>osslble war. loan. The
money market in London is relaxing and an
early . reduction in the Bank of England dis
count, -rate ic looked for. The extreme ease
of money here facilitates the outward move
ment «f gold. The statement of thi» country's
{"reign trade for March enforces the showing
of fonr.«*r months In explanation of the turn in
**»• foreign exchanges. Grain and cotton •>!•
7 -it alone fell more than (20.000,000 In value
I)f!ow jthose of March la-t year.
Railroad traffic officials epeak confidently cf
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. April 11.— nose: Mor.ey on
«!!— Ear?-, 1 <5 V 1 'A ; closing bid. Hi; offered,
Tim* l^ar.s — Pt»;a<1}-: Fixty <1ayi>. 2VJ&3 per
c^nt: ninety day*. 2* 4 <j3; Fix tnonthi". 3*4 0'4.
. T*rim<» mercantile paper — 4ig4'^ per cent.
? sterling exchange — Firm, with actual bUFl
r«f« in banken'" Mile at **.S735ff4.S710 for de
mand and at $4.*4«S«34.K49O for eixty days.
Ported rates — ti fe5^Q4 KS.
Commorrial Mils— U SIS, 4? 4 M\.
R«r •IIvpt — SoSnC
Mrxtcan dollare — 43c.
Ponds — Governments, steady; railroads. Ir
fecular.
New York Money Market.
I EASTEBX 3IAEKETS. |
The feature in trading in corn was heavy
liquidation of May and a consequent decline of
lV4c in the price of that delivery. July closed
J ,ic lower, at 50%c. May closed at . r j2%c. ,
Trading in oats was light and the market
held steady throughout the day. July closed
lower, at 379i«c,
Provisions were firm at the start, under the
Influence of an advance of 10c in the price of
hops. The opening firmness, however, was
subsequently lost, the market being supported
poorly. Local packers were the principal pur
chaserc The close was easier, with July pork
down 20C'~' / ic; July lard closed 7'.4c lower,
and ribs were 10c lower.
The leading future* ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
May : ««.tf P4U 93 :n%
July, old 87% SS% myt, S8V4
July, new m% 87H J.5H M%
September, old. Sl^ B2 81% 82 H
September, new. go^ Sl^g S0}i 81-'
Corn No. 2 —
May 53^ 53^ 52 52%
July Sl% 51% 5C*i 51
September GOV* 50H 4t)% 40^4
Oats No. 2 —
May 38S 3S% 3SV t 38%
July 37% 37?$ 37% 37%
September 32 32 >» 32 22 H
Mess Pork, per bbl. —
Hay 12 52V4 12 55 ' 12 30 12 30
Ju'y ....... 12 70 12 72% 12 40 12 45
Lard, per 100 lbs. —
May .....6 60 6 65 . 6 42% « 50
July C 75 6 60" 6 60 0 65
Short rltw, per 100 lbs. —
May 0 47% 6 47'i 6 30 6 35
July 6 C2% 6 C5 6 47% d 62%
CHICAGO. April 11. — Alarming reports of
damage to the growing grain in the Southwest
caused firmnrss here to-day In the wheat pit.
Compared with Saturday's close, final figures
to-day are >,4c hither on July. Corn and oats
ar» carh Oown \' t c, and provisions 7Uc to 22c.
Sentimtnt in wheat at the openinp was
bearish, ©wine to a number of Influences In
the general situation. Among th» factors were
liberal world's shipments, a considerable In
crease in the amcunt on passage, warmer
weather and lower Liverpool cables. In spite
of the bear factors, however, .Initial quotations
showed only Klltrht losses from Saturday's
final •flfnires. July bMnj; a shade higher to \\c
lower. "at 86tiCfSG»»c to Kfl%c. Uncertainty as
to the character of the Government cron re
port, issHied later in tre day, restricted trading
to a considerable extent, and was perhaps the
main Influence early in supporting th? market.
Tovard the end of the first hour a firmer
feeling developed. The change was due largely
to precautionary covering of early sales, th*
t eaton being fear of a possible disappointment
to bears from official figures on the condition
of the crop. From SOHc July advanced to S7
®S7^ic. Reports by a prominent trader who
had Just returned from a trip through the
Southwest had perhaps moet to do with the
improved sentiment manifested during th« lat
ter part of the session. According to that au
thority, win at losses In "Oklahoma, Kansas and
Nebraska were .much more serious than the
majority oT trader* realized. There was- a good
commission-house demand late in the day, and,
«lt fc ouj;h prices did not hold afthe high point.
the market closed firm, with July at bQK<?t
SC&c. May ranced between 03% c and 04 Vic
and clf.««l at 83 >c.
#
Future Grain and Provisions.
Chutes Co. . . 6% — ¦ Pac S Tel OU01 —
City & C Bk — 112 Paraf Paint. 38 —
East Dynm.150 250 S F Drydock 60 —
DnntPwd pfd — 90 SF&SJ Coal., 24 . —
.Do com... 40 — S J Wat Co. — 10<J
FN Bk. Oak.120 — • SO & MTgbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr % 1% SwIsb-A Bk.113 ' —
Gas Con A.. 19% 21 Truck Elect.' JO —
Hono P Co.. 13 — UR InC pfd. 43 —
Lon& SF. Bk — -CO " Do com... .9 .— "
Morning Session.
'. • Board— ,'
$7,000-Unlted R R of S F4s... 77 50
Street —
100 Northern Cal Power Co.. 11 00,
100 Union Sugar Co 27 00
$54)00 Marln County 5 per cent 100 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange \
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Associated Trust Cert 20
Astec '. .60 70
Caribou.- '3 05 '3 80
Chicago Crude 2« .."¦--
Claremont • 65 , 75
Four «, «»
Fulton - » SO
Hanford .» 175 0O 160 0O
Home .y 162% 1 «7%
Imperial w 18 00
Independence » 22 23
Keni 5 0O 8 12Vi
Kern River 10 00
Monarch of Arizona 40 42
Monte-Cristo ...; 82%
Oil City Petroleum 40 41
Peerless •••• 14 WV
Plttsburs ...;....... '15 *?
Senator •-•• w
Sovereign 43 !.'¦¦'
Sterling ? 2 52
Thirty-thre* ..- 800
Twenty-eight 6 OO B 23
SALES.-
Morning Session.
Board — ¦ ,
1.700 Oil City Petroleum 41
11,000 Indepence U » f ,
100 Home • „£ **J*
1,000 United Railroad 4s «T 50
25 Spring Valley 3» 2*
Street — . - , - -
100 Sovereign «
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10O Sovereign 44 ¦
60 Sovereign •.....'.... 43
¦ 246 lAssociated'. ••• . *J
400 Home } J' 1^
100 Home • x S,,
£00 Monte Cristo «»
] 00 Occidental 11
Street— „
50 Kern Oil, cash *w ,
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following wer« the sales on the San Fran«
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday : .
Mornlns Session.
300 Belcher ...... 32 1 100 Savage 4*
300 Con C A Va.l 75 700 Savage ....... «
500 Con N Y .. 04 1 300 8e* Belcher .. 14
500 Exchequer .. 24t 10O Utah •-••-•-• *!
200 Keyes Graes.. 95( 100 Yellow Jacket .23
Afternoon Session.
300 Alpha Wl 200 Keyes i Grae»..' 85
100 Andes 33| 100 Mexican -«£*»
1000 Belcher 34| 200 Occidental ... _8«
300 Bullion 101 200 Ophir 5 3.%
200 Caledonia 83| SCO Overman 3i
1C00 Con C & Va.l 76 200 Savage 44
500 Con Imperial. 021 lOo Scorpion 15
300 Exchequer ... 281 10O Sierra .N«t .. 6»
5«K> Exchequer ... 29| 200 Union Con .. 75
400 Exchequer ... 30)
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: ,
Morning Session.
300 Belcher ...:.- ft I 100 Overman 33
200 Belcher 34| 100 Savage ....... 4«
1C0 Caledonia ... 83? 200 Savage 43
100 Caledonia ... 82 1 100 Scorpion 13
300 Chollar 26| 300 Sierra Nev .. «1
400 Con C & V.I 77% 200 Sierra Nev -. «0
500 Con NY 04f 200 Union Con . . SO
200 Mexican ...2 37 m ICO Yellow Jacket 2S
3C0 Ophlr . . .5 501 200 Yellow Jacket 27
Afternoon Session. '
200 Belcher 33 MOO Crown Point.. 17
100 Bullion 10L SOOphir 5 -»
lOOO'Bultlon Ill 100 Savage ....... *'
200 Bullion ...... I2| 700 Scorpion 13
100 Caledonia ... 83! 2OO 9eg Belcher ..13
200 Caledonia ... S2 100 Seg Belcher.. 13W
200 Con C A Va.l 75| 100 Union Con .. ?»
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yetttrday:
• Morning Session.
100 Mont Ton..l 47m 100 Ton Belmont.. 60
100 Mont Ton 1 45|
Afternoon Session.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. * f\
MONDAY. Aprit 11—4 p. ra.
Bid. Ask. I Bid.A«A
Ainha 07 CSJJustlce 02 03
Alta OS OOjKentuck 02 03
Andes '. . 34 35 1 Keyes Graea.. 85 —
Belcher 33 34 Lady Wash . . — <X»
Be?t & Belch.2 10 2 25 Mexican 2 15 2 20
Bullion 12 13 Occidental ... 88- 87
Caledonia... 81 82IOphlr 5 12% 5 25
Challenge Con 24 2«t Overman ..... 31 33
Chollar 25 2«| Poto«l 21 22
Confidence... 75 851 Scorpion ..... 13 13
Con C & Va.l 7O 1 75fSavage :..... 41 42
Con Imperial. 02 03[S«-g Belcher .. 12 1.J
Con NY 03 04 Sierra Nev .. «T f*
Crown Point. 16 18 Silver Hill . . 69 60
East Sierra N 08 — St Louis .... — W
Eureka Con.. — 50| Syndicate .... 04 Oft
Exchequer .. 32 34| Union Con .. 73 79
i Gould & Cur. 36 30| UUh Id 1^
Hale A Norc. ' 85 92J Yellow Jacket 2<J 27 1
Julia OR CSt
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. J ' Bid. Ask.
Colehan — IS! Ray Ton — 15
Esperanza ... — Oil Ray A OBtlen — 10
Ulp«y Queen. — 30)R«scue 07 08
1 Gold Anchor. — 231 Ton Belmont.. 59 «
: Gold M Con. 04 lOJTon & Cat-... — 21
\ Hannapah ... — 23 1 Ton Exten .. 63 . —
I Little Ton .. 21 — [Ton of Nev . .8 0O 9 0O
MacNamara .17. 20j Ton N Star.. 3O 32
Mont Ton..l 42% 1 45 Ton Midway.. 36 .37.
I Paymaster .. — t 07tTon Superior. — ~ X2 t
RAISINS — Th» Association quotes the follow
ing Prices . Standard grades, 5O-lb cases — 2
crown Loose Muscatels, 5V4c per lb;
3-crown, 5%c; 4-crown. ,6%c; Seedless Loos*
Muscatele, 4%c; Beedjesa floated, 4 %c; 2-crown
Malaga loose, 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose, 5%c;
Seedless Sult&nas, unbleached, 4%e; Seedless
Thompson*, unbleached, 5%c. Layers, per 20
lb box — 6-crown Imperial clusters. $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters, .$2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters.
$">• 3-crown London Layers. $135; 2-crown
London Layers. $1 25; usual advance for frac
tlonal boxes and layers. Seeded— Fancy 10-oj
cartoni, per lb, ~%c; fancy 12-oj cartons, per
package, 6=54c; fAncy,bulk cartons, per.lb, 7%c;
choice 16-ox cartons, per lb, 7%c; choice 12-oa
cartons, per package. 6%c; 'hoice bulk car
tons, oer lb. 7>4c: ltf-oz cartons, seeded Seed
lines Muscatels, per lb. 7c: 12-oz cartons,
seede'd SecdllnKS. Muscatels, per lb, 6?ic; bulk,
stxded Seedlings. -Muscatels, per lb. 6%c.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 13%14c;
No 2. Il%ei2c;- No. 1 hardshell, 13@13%c;
No 2. ll@ll%c; t Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa
reils ll%c for 1 X K. lie for Ne Tlus Ultra
anJ0V4c for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c fpr
EnAtert; Pecans, ll®13c: Cocoanuts/ $4 50S5.
HONEY— Comb. ¦ 10©ll He lor white and 8V4
e9i4c for amb«r; water white I extracted, 81J
6Wc: light amber extracted. 4%@4%c; dark,
3V4©4o. ¦ *"•'. )- -'
BEESWAX— 27029c per lb. -<
FRUITS— Apricots. 8^@10Hc for Royals and
liiyl'/u tor Moorparks; Kvaporated Appies. i^'a
Gr.: sun-Urled, 5 3fiC4%c; Peaches. 6%^7^c;
Pear*. S&'ll%c; Nectarines. nominal; Figs,
white. 3f|4c In boxes; black, 4i4c; Plums,
pitted. 5®7%c per lb. •
PRUNKS— lbiM crop. 2»4®2%c for the four
sizes. . , • ¦
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
There was increased activity in the Orange
market, as local storekeepers and peddlers were
purchasing freely in order to replenish their
supplies, which had been practically exhausted
by the extra demand caused by the, hot weath
er. Buyers from near-by towns' were also .in
the market with good : Eized orders. Despit*
the Increased demand, pnees showed but 3light
variation, as suduUcs.^C all sradi'n new wt-Il
up to't'ttiulretiicnu. The au?uon sale was well
attended and the best offerings were sharply
competed lor. Eleven cars were,. sold as fol
lows: Fancy, HI "25@1 83; choice,- $1@1 40:
standard, 7.V5;$1 15. The offerings consisted
chitily o( standard and choice Navels, and a
considerable portion of the standard grade
showed ' much deterioration as' a result of the
h'lt weather. Lemons were in cood .rsciuest,
arid, as choice lots were clcsfly cleaned up,
prices wei-e firmer all around. Limes, too,
were in better demand and higher. Bananas
and Ai>plet> continued to move freely at the
previously quoted rates.
Receipts of Strawberries consisted of seven
chests and seven crates of the Dollar variety
irom Los Angeles. They were, in fair condition
and cleaned up well at 13& 20c per basket.
APPLES— ?-0- 2t> l-*r box 101 exira iaocy,
$1 ROigl 75 for ordinary fancy.. 00e®$l 23 for
choic* and oi.Hf.'Sc for common.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. SI 50fl
2 for fancy. $1 25® 1 50 for choice and S5c<^
91 25 for standard: Tangerines. ?1 2. r i©l 75 per
box; Lemon*. $2{72 5o for fancy, $1 30®l 75 tor
choice and 75C(&$1 25 for standard: Grape
Fruit, ?1@2; Mexican Limes, $1 50S5 per
car«; Banunau. *14j- per hunch lor Hawaiian
and $15302 25 for Central American; Pinej
apples, $2®U per dozen. . < "
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
a2Oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 — 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
ia.X" ae compared with those cf the same date
Ir.st eeason. and the rainfall in the last twen
tv-fcur hours: . •
Lfist Thi* lAct
Staticns— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
rurrka O.OO W5.13 49.55
Hed Bh:ff <>.<*> 27.45 2Ti.ll
Sacramento .... t».O0 15. M l^.M
Pan Francisco .. O.rt» 1».<R 1^.12
Fresno «.<«> r..t>4 S.ls
Independence ... o.ot 2.Z£> Z.U
S L. Ofcispo O.OO 13. *9 17.2S
,'. o» Angeles <UK» 7.73 lfl.2*.*
isn Diego 0.00 4.(J9 10. C2
THE COAST RECORD.
e 2 2 3 an •-
I i§ Bf^i il §
rrATioNa ! ; i|l^ifS |7 |
I c - • I s
Baker 3O.«iR 74 4<» KB Clear .O<»
• arson 23.8S 7K 38 W Pt.Cldy .O<>
Mureka 2S.WJ 7»> 54 SW Clear .0"
Fiesno 2M.7H 1*2 5« NW Clear .00
RE rarailone.:».M 69 T^> S <71car .00
Klajjrtaff 29.tX» 72 2S SW Clear .00
Pocatrllo XO.lu 7<i 4rt XE Clear .vo
liidt-pendrnce 29. hG X2 54 S Clear ..*»
lxw> Angoles. .Si'-in ha M XT Pt.Cldy .(X»
MX. Tampals.2S.K»» M OS N"VV Clear .Otf
North Heac...25>.S<» KS r.2 E Clear Atk
Phoenix 23.71s :h> r>G W Clear JUH
Pt.Rcjes IA.2H..7Q 79 «C FE Clear .<K»
Portland 29. «S -S4 .".2 K <*3ear .ifl
Red Bluff ..20^> RN r.s S «'loar -1KI
Rocebunt ....23.7H «.»4 4M W C'^ar .<»>
Kaframento . .29.KO S2 f>4 E dear .<ki
t-fcn Frar.cisco2S.fc4 Kf €2 W Clear .U<>
K L. Obispo. .29.90 8O .">» S Pt.Cldy .<*•
i-an Diego . .23.3'« «4 M S-"W «'loudy .<•¦»
Seattle 29. M 76 R6 NW Clear .00
Kpoicaae 30.12 74 4<» r: <"iear .<>o
Tetooeh 29. 74 4S E Clrar .«*»
\\a!!a Walla.30.ti2 M f>4 N <"lear .ort
Wlnnemucca .2». S«4 7R 46 SK <near .OO
Vuma 2».72 li«rt 54 S\V Clear .in)
WEATHER CONDITION? AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
rresjiiire has fallen rapidly during the
Jr.-: twer.tv-four hours over the northern half
: the Pacific Coast, and there are indica
tion* that the warm wave now prevailing on
the Paciic Slot)* will quickly dissipate. Much
cooler weatlwr Is reported at San I>!ego, Lob
AntP!e». Sian Luis Obi;>po and San Francisco.
VnuMja'ly warm weather prevails in OrtMiron.
A mailrnum wind velocity of fifty-two m!l<-e
per hour from the east is reported at Tatoofh
iElan-i.
Forecaft made at Han Franclxco for thirty
bmm, ending midnlpht. April 12:
Northern California — Cloudy, cooler Tues
<lay: fre?h i=o-!iih »ind5.
Southern CaJIfoniia — Cloudy, cooler Tue»
<sv; fresh southwest winds.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday.
Kan Francisco and vicinirj- — Cloudy, cooler
Tuesday; lifht north wind*, chancing to fr«ih
WmlUijT- A. G. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
MONDAY. April 11—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
B d. Ask.! • Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..l07 J K10SV4|3s qr cp new.i:« 1334
3s qr coup...l07'HiO^Vi|3s qr coup. . .106%107Vi
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — lo T Co 6s.H9V4 —
B?" CPC 5S.1004 — Do 5s 1104 —
Cal C G 5s. — 104 >,i Do con 5s. 101% —
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5e. — 75
m & ct 5s. 794 — • Om Cable 6s. — 1244
Cal-st C '5s.ll«%ll~U -Pac G Im 4s. — 954
C C Wat 5s. — lOOVt P E Ry 5s.lO4%lC5
Ed L &. P Gs. — 130 P & C H tts.104% —
F & C H tis.114% — P & O R Cs.116 —
Geary-Bt Bs.. — • — Powell-st 6s. — —
H CAS 54s. 100 — Sac EG&R5s. — 100'4
Do 5s 06*4 US4 SF & SJV5s.H6 ll«»j
>Ioi R T 6s.lOti>,4 — Sierra R Cs.112 —
L A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s. 110% — (1909) 107U —
L A L Co 6s — — (1910) .....107%— •
Do gtd 6s. — — S P Of C Os
DO gtd 58.102^ — (19C5)Sr A. 101% —
LAP lem 58.100 — ' C1005)Sr B.1C2V4 —
Mkt-M C 0,s.,— 110V4 (1906) .....104>4105
Do lem 53.113^4114% (1912) ..... 115%
MVft MtTos.lOt — SPC 1 eg T.S.115 118
NRR of C6S.1074' — Do stmpd..lC9H —
Do 5s 116W — S P B R 6s.l31 132H
N P C R 58.105 — S V Wat 6s.lO4VilC5
N Cal R 5s.l09 — \ Do 4« 2dm. 100 —
N 0 P C r»». 09 102 I Do 4s 3dm. 89ft 99%
N S R R r>8. — 100V4IStkn G&E6s. — 08
O O L&H 5s.lO6 — | IT G & E 5s. — 105
O W gtd 5s — — I -
WATER STOCKS. j
Contra Costa 35 40' | Port Costa... — —
Marln Co... — 6241 *« V Wmt Co. 39tJ —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 3%!S F G & B. 60 60li"
Mutual E L. 0 10 Stkn O & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... — , 57 |U O & E.. 29 32
' ¦ TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & K. 594 f<>UI
•INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — 350 } ' i
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 122% L P & A... .152% —
Anglo-Cal .. 8« 87 Mer Trust.... — 220
Bank of CaI.42SH — Merch Ex.... — —
Cal Safe Dp.145 150 . S F Nationl. — —
First Natlonl — ¦ —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2250 2350 "I Sav. & L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — I Sec Sav Bk. 450 ,
Mutual Sav. 10O ' — . I Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.325 — I /
STREET RAILROADS. .
California ;.. — 200 I Presidio . — 41
Gtary ...... — SO |
POWDER.
Giant ...... 60% 61 I Vlgorit — 5
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 25c 1 Kilauea S C. 3% 4%
Hawaiian C. 48 50 Makawell C. 21% 22
Honokaa S C 12^4 13 lOnomea S C. — 27%
Hutch SPC 94 10 (Paauhau S.C. 13% —
MISCELLANEOUS. - '-;
Alaska -PA. — 1454' Oceanic S Co.- 4 ,4%
Cal F C A. 99%100 Pac Aux FA. 5% —
Cal Wine A. 01% 92 Pac C Bont.170 —
MV& MtTm.100 — .
Morning Session. .
Board — *
10 Giant Powder Con- ........... 60 75
- lOOHonokaaS Co*.*..'.. ; 12 50 I
¦ - . 10 Oceanic S S Co 4 1214
70 Paauhau S P Co 14 00
- 50 Paauhau S P Co, b 8.. ..14 00 -
, ¦ -¦ 10 S F Gas & Electric. 60 00
f 6,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s.... 101 00
(1,000 Cal Gas & £1 Gen M & C T 8s. 80 00
¦ -: -¦ A Street— - . ' - ¦¦ . , .
$4,000 Spring Val 4s (3d mtge) 99 75
¦ Afternoon Session.
i Board — '. • •
_ 50 Giant Powder Con ..:. 60 75 *
50 Oceanic S S Co........ :. 4 12%
, : ' f 3 35 Spring Valley Water Co...*.... 39 50 ¦
$3,000 Cal Gas & El Gen M & C T 5s. 80 00 t
- ¦¦-.¦ - ; - Street — --¦¦-¦¦- - - ¦'-- '.-. . -.J
. 25*B F Gas & Electric. ...... . 60 00 .
...Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
':¦¦* .' ' Bid. Ask. .'• .- *;"¦'• . Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 97% —~. SF & NP 5s. Ill U —
B L Wat 6s. 100 '— - S P C R 4s.- — v 100
Cal NW Cs..l08%110% S P Co 4%s. 99* —
M C Wat 5s. — 102 Sun' Tel 6s:. 113 —
RIs I WksSs.— 107% Suttr-st RSs.105 113 -,
SF Drdk 5s.' — 113% UR of . 8F. 4s.' 77^» — *
r -'MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.'
Ala^ S Co.. — '30 Mat'Nav. Co.-*=T>0
Cal Cot Mils. 86 — Nev Nat Bk.185 : 200
Cal G&E Cor 30 37 N S'R R Co. '.8!4 -
C Jockey C1.\9*K 120* N CatP Co. 10^i 11
Cal , Powder . 123 ? i 140 ' \ Oak Bk - 8av. 112 % — -
Cal Ship Co. 15 .80 |Oak-T Con/. 75 —
Cal,T/I&,T.— 135 , 1 IOOF. Hall A 6 — „¦
Cen Bk. Oak 6334 I Orpheam "Co. ; 13 1614
STOCK -VXD BOND EXCHANGE.
Trading wa3 light on nil the exchanges, and
there were no pronounced variations. Local
corporations were steady to firm, but the min
ing stocks were generally lower at the close
-than at the- close on Saturday.
" Ex-dlvldend yesterday: Marin County
Water Company, regular quarterly. 75c per
ulyire, amounting to. 54500; Giant, Con Powder
Company. -regular' monthly. .50c per share,
amounting to $10,COO; California Wine Asso
ciation, regular monthly, UCc- per share,
amouming to $2«.123 20; Monte Cristo Oil
Company 1c per share, amounting to $5000.
Illinois Crude Oil will pay a dividend of
$25)'H) at I.akersfleM on the 25th.
The California Schuttzen Club Park and
Building Association has declared a dividend
of 25 cents per share, payable April 15.
Local Securities Steady, but Min
ing Stocks Weak.
STOCK MARKET.
Feed, ifl 1061 124: Shipping and Brewing,
*1 Kliigl 20; Chevalier. $1 13@1 20 for fair
to choice.
FUTURES. •
Session 9 to 11:30 a. hi.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May — No sales,
December ...?1 CO % ?1 00% *1 0OH, ?1 004'
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 00%.
OATS— A iinc of 1800 ctls arrived from
\Va*hlnRton for a local mill. This is the first
Importation of any s,txe from the north for
some :ittls time. The market continues firmly
held but inactive.
White, *1 27%&1 374"; Black, $1 25©1 30;
Red. $1 2501 St: Gray. $1 ."24@1 374 per ctl.
COKN — Unchanged .and quiet, with moderate
rereipts and light stocks.
Western sacked. $1 35@1 40 for Yellow,
$1 32V.61 40 for White and $1 .".Oiffl 35 for
Mixed: California large yellow. $1 3501 42V6:
small round do. *1 M)@l 55: White. $1 40®l 15
per ctl; Egyptian. ' *1 4001 50 for white- and
$1 27»A@1 30 for brown.,
RYE— $1 30I&1 324 pfr ctl. • •
BUCKWHEAT— 51 76&2 per ctl.
CASH BARLEY.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May ?1 3.".'4 $1 34^ $1 34»i $134%
December ... 1 33 1 XiVt 1-33 1 33*i
BARLEY— Was higher and firm both as to
futures and the cash grain. Most of the large
receipts were for shicment to Jaoan, and con
*«"ijuently will not figure on the market. Tho
demand was btlter and offerings were light.
California Club. $1 37^«?l 45; California
White- Australian $1 ,V)@1 <i0; Northern CluD.
$1 ns<T?l 424; Northern Bluestem. *1 50@l 55
per ctl
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open.- High. ¦ Low. Close.
May *1 3*% $1 34% $1 33 ?1 3:tH
December ... 1 33% 1 33% I 32% 1 32!i
2 p. m. Session.
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT — Foreign futures were lower. The
WMid'F shipments for the week were as fol
lows, in quarters: Russian. 290,(xM>: Danublan.
83.000; Argentine. 371.000; Indian, 50.000; Aus
tralian, ll.'i.COtl. The American visible supply
decreased 547.000 bushels.
The Government issued its report, giving the
condition of winter Wheat Aorll 1 at 76.5,
against 97.3 Arril I. 1003, 78.7 April 1. 1002.
and a ten-year average on April 1 of S4.1. The
Teport indicates a crop of about 404.000.000
bushpls ar.d was considered rather bullish,
¦though it was admitted that crop conditions
have improved since April 1. Oklahoma ad
vice? said that rain.* have made a wonderful
change in the Wheat prospects. That section
is rrep.tly improved and good results are now
expected. .. -.«.»-»¦... .^^ -'-.. .:..,•-..,¦..¦ '
' In this mark?t the cash grain was unchanged,
but futures were .lower under liberal liquida
tion in the May option, though there was a re
covery In the afternoon.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Stirling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight ........ — 4 S8H
Sterling Exchange, cables ....... — 4 Ml*i
New York Exchange, sight ...... — ' 12 Vi
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Silver, per ounce ."... — 53%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 454
Exchange and Bullion.
Flour, qr sks .. 22,1421 Screenings, sks.. 970
Wheat, ctls .;.. 140- Straw, tons ... 49
Bariey ctls ....17,4331 Wool, bales ... B06
Beans,' sks 8C8 Hides, No. 750
Oats ctls 1,904 Pelts. No 2C4
Pota'toes skg .. 1,511 Leather, rolls... 5t»
Onions sks ... 440| Tallow. ctl.« ... 2(3
Bran sks . 140i Lime, bbls .... 273
Middlings sks.. 500| Paper, reams .^ 1,313
Hay. tons 5851 Wine, gals 2S,5fO
Shorts, sks ... 130| Quicksilver, flks. 22
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks . . 4.fiO2!
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks .. 16,425! Oats, ctts 1,890
FOR MONDAY. APRIL 11.
Receipts of Produce.
Weather Report.
Iron in Glasgow closed at I>2s «wi and in
Middlesboro nt 44s 74d. The local market
was unchanged; No. 1 foundry. .Northern.
*in SS915 75; No. 2 foundry, Northern, *14 75
§15 25: No. 1 foundry. Southern and No. 1
fcundrj'. Southern, soft, ?14 25(S14 75.
I Chicago Board of Trade. I
Shelter advanced 2s Cd to £22 5s in Lon
don. Here it remained unchanged at $5 2X>'a
5 30.
NEW YORK. April 11.— Tin declined 7t <>d
Jn London, with both spot and futures closing
at £126 17s Cd. LocaSly the mirrKot wafi'very
easy in Fymnathy with the foreicn decline
and closed at $27 &74©28 12>i-
Copper declined Is 3d to £58 ll>s for spot
and 2s 6d to £~>H 2s «d for futures In the Lon
don market., but remained firm here at re
cent pries. Lake is quoted at $13 2o(S13 5f>:
electrolytic, ?13 124^13 25; casting, ?12 874 'J
13 124.
Lead in New York was firm at $1 iVyS* 65,
but declined 2s 6d in the I^ondon market ami
closed there at £12 V>s.
New York Metal Market.
APRICOTS — Show no change. Dsman:! Is
light, but surr>lif>s am moderate and the '.one
is tteady. Choice, IiUfilG'.c; extra choice.
10ViglOJ..o: fancy, ll@i:5c.
PEACH FTS — Are unohansed. Choice. 7'i@
74c: txtra choice. 7 :t i^6c: fancy. 94®10e.'
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market is
quif-t, with the general tone rathpr easier, al
thouRh prices remain unchanpe-d. Common
4S."»4c: prime, choice, «V,«hjl:.c
fancy, 7*j74c.
PRUNES— Continue quiet, 3c to :>%c, ac
cordine to grade.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. firm; No. 7 invoice. 7c;
mild, steady; Cordova. 10-5 13c. Futures closed
firm. 15@20 points net higher. Sales. 52,500
bass, including: May. S.SogD.O.lc; July, rt.irva
«.20c; Augruet. «..'{0<a<i.40c; September. R.40®
6.5Oc; October. (LSSc: Decotnber. 6.7(^ys.SO<?.
SUGAR — Raw. steady; refined, quiet.
DRIED FRUITS.
PETROLEUM— Easy
HOPS— Dull.
HIDES— Steady
WOOL— Firm.
NEW YORK, April 11.— FLOUR— Receipts
26.310 barrels; exports, 20,000 barrels. Market
featureless.
WHEAT — Receipt?, flS.OOO bushels; spot
market steady. No. 2 red. $1 06 elevator, and
Jl 07 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
*l 04% f. o. h. afloat. Options w»re rasy all
day. closing dull. t',c decline. May closed
9t%c: July, 91%c; September. 84 «4c;" Decem
ber. 844c
Nezu York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, April 11. — The cotton futures
market closed steady, but 2 to 20 points
lower.
New York Grain and Produce.
The hot wave Is playing havoc with Butter.
The fanciest creameries, which ordinarily bring
extreme top. prices, are coming in soft and out
of shape, and in this respect at least are* no
better th?n much inferior brands. Quotations
are consequently difficult to give, and the only
thing to be said in thi3 % connection is that if
Butter is hard and firm' it will bring the quo
tation*, below, and if it is soft and out of shape
it will not. In other words, nrecious little
Butter Is bringing the quotations. - The market
is none too firm at best, as receipts are heavy
and the demand slow.
There Is nothing new in the Cheese situation.
The f«*ture of the- Egg market now is the
incrcacins weakness In store descriptions. This
hot weather will probably make a wider gap
between them and ranch hereatter. j They have
had a remarkable run thus far this season, and
many times have brought about as much as
the bfst ranch, but this condition is now about
over. Hct weather is death on a store Egg.
Ranch Eggs are still quoted steady and there
is no disposition on t!*.e part of dealers to sell
them any lower at present.
Receipts were 59, (iCo lbs Butter, 1544 cases
Kpks and 1800 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, lS@l»e
for extras and 17*g.l7%c for flrste; dairy, 15®
17',4c: store Butter, nominal; cold storage,
nominal. • ~ .' ' .
CMKKSE — S%@!*c for good to choice new
and 7&i>c for lower grades; Young Americas,
«%@luc; Eastern. 15@lGc; Western, H@15c
per lb. ¦ .
ECJ9 — Ranch. ISSlOc ' for fair to choice;
store; lG@17c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
A private wire to Mitchell. Mulcahy A Co.
from Now York yesterday eaid that Galvrston
wired that at least 50 per cent of the Texas
Cotton crop had been killed by frost, and add
ed that if th!s is cor.finned it will not pay
to be short on the market. Other advices rv
rorted damage to the crop by frost, though
no figures wer* civen. • There was a froct in
Texas and along the northern part of the Cot
»or belt.
'A Cotton Crop Tip.
American. Can Consi>any. common, bid 4'i,
asked 4 4; preferred, bid 36»£. arked 37.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Salet. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 52,a» '.&»« 74* t .5
Atchison pfd !.?<*> S>4% S«'. t K4^
Bait & Ohio .... e,Quu M* 4 fcl l » 61
Bait &• Ohio pfd .. 5<*> IK*\% ln>\ SM>>^
J Canadian Pacific. l,ltK> 117 ll«^s Jl«3»
I Central of N J 15S
, Chesa & Ohio . : .. t>00 33 l 4 33 o3H
HT.icago & Alton 3S
I Chi &. Alton pfd.. — M»4
, «"hi 6i Great West C^X) 17^ 17 17»t
I Chi * North West *>W 111 7 * 171^ 171»,
Chi, Mil & Ht P.. 12.300 145S, 144% 145V*
i Chi, M & St P pf d 174
1 Chi Term &. Trans 9?i
I Chi Term Ac T i>Id 1,7(«> 21 21 2l»«fc
IC C C A St L 75
I Colo Southern 17 *s
I Colo South 1st pfd 2W 56 56 55'-,,
Colo 2d jifd 25
i Dtla & Hudscn .. 4,6W 155* t 133» 4 • I54-"Ji
I Del. I^ick A: W... ltKI 273 H 2734 273
i Denver A; Kio G.. <>>K> 22 >« 22 22% .
j Den 6c Rio G pfd. :<<H> 714 714 "14
j Erie 24.&*> 27% 28T S 27 1 4
j Erie 1st pfd 5,200 tiG's, t>54 C5^
I Erie 2d pfd US00 4S4 *2\i 42-> t
I Hocking Valley .. UK) 71 71 72
1 Hocking Val pfd.. ltw bt^ 8«»s **>*
' Illinois Central . . 4<*> 131 130'i 13i>* 4
I kwa Central 194
' I'.'wa Cent prd 3ti
IK C Southern ... 1W 19% • l!l% 19 l i
'¦ K C Southern pfd 5oo 37 3«i»4 364
Lctda Ar Nath ... 2,f-»0 110 10» : >* 1C)U%
: M&nhattan L 2.600 U'l% 143 143%
Metro Kecur l.GiH* 82^ 61 &1 T ,
Metro St K fe.bOO 117U 110** 11«4
t Minn & St Louis 47
I M. SiP & SS M.. 1O0 C2 62 62
; M. & SS M pld itX) 118 118 11S4
; Missouri Pacific 14.2v>O 05 M'i 944
• Miss. K & T £tX* IK 18 17M,
: Miss. K i T pfd 200 3»% 39>i S«4 ;
:Na Hit of Mex j.fd «^X> 3S4 SS 37 4 ,
IX Y Central 2.M0 ll'S 1 ,* 1174.1174 1
'NcrTolkA: West.. 3.30U 09 \ 09^ 5ft%
'Nor & West pfd SS
: Northern Securities 68%
.Ontario A: West.. 4.UOO 22'* 21 =» 21?* :
1 Ptnn?yivania 46.1t>O 119;i 119^, 11»H
1 P!tt. C C & St L ¦ 61 4
j Reading 18..T«M 43', 45^ 454
.Reading lrt I'fd.. 1U> ~s\ 78% 78', 3
! Reading 2d pfd... 100 61 61 61
I Rock Island Co 14.500 243* 24U "*\
' Rook Island Co pfd 3.100 67\ 664 M%
1 Ft L & S F 2d pfd 900 4S»i 474 «*•*
i Pt Louis S AV 14
St Louis B W pfd 7UO S54 34»; 34«4
1 .Stuthfm Pacific... 18.HX> 50"* 50' 4 6OH
|F(Uthn-n Rail 1.7<«rt 22"« 22\ 22%
i South Rail rfd... I.40O K~>% 65\4 S54"
'Trxas & Pacific... 1.100 13H 24% 24«4
JTol, St L & W... 1(K» 25>4 25U Wi
Tol. St L &¦ W pfd 2"0- 37% 3«4 M s *
rnion Pacific .... 33.500 89 87*4 SS^
Tr.ion Pacific pfd. 4*V» JW «24 62%
Wiha^h fOO l^V 1» 19>*
Wat•a^h i>fd I.rxK> :t«4 r,^ 3hv t
Vhfi & l^kp E nno 17\ 174 174
¦ Wlrconsin Ont .. 2<>" 13 l^ a « l^M-
Wi?ronElr» Ccn pfd. 100 41»i 41^ 41H
Express Companies —
Adams 22*
Ainorican • 1SS
United States 1«"
Wrllp-Farro 204
Miscellaneous —
Amalpam Co rl >pr.. 22,«00 C2»,i 51 *i 51%
Am Car & Found.. 500 20H 19^» !«?*
Am Car & I" pld "1H
Am Cotton Oil 29?i
Am Cotton Oil pfd 88 "U 1
American !<"<• 7 3 ,4
American Ice pfd.. 4C0 Z£% 2S 2S
Am l^iniw^d Oil R% ¦
Am Llnse»?d Oil pfd WO 2*% 2S% 27
Amer Locomotive.. JKX) 21% 21 S 214
Amer Loco pfd 824
Am Sm*«it & Rpf.. 200 4*'+ 4K^ 4«%
Am S & Ref pfd.. l«0 KtU WH
Amer Sugar Rcf... 2.300 1274 127 127S,
Anaconda Min Co.. 2.3<V> SO 7!»4 ~»%
J Brklyn Rap Trani-. *'XTino 4*. 4 4<54 4S
I Colo Fuel & Iron.. 2.-T«iO 3-"»=ii 32 32
ConwitldatPd Oae.. .*>.*<*> 2<>14 1!*» lWft'i
Corn Products 4<K> 13% 13Si 13%
Corn Products pfd 70
Distillers' Serf.... .TOO 22% 22«4 22'i
i>n«ral Electric... 200 J«4 1C3\ 1«3
Internatinnal Pspor 200 12 11% . 11
Intorntl Pap«>r pfd. 1*00 «7U 67% 67
International Pump 3*%
Internti Pump pfd 75
National Lead 1«S
North AmMican... 2,1W sr.»4 M% K5»i
Pacific Mall ' 1<*> 2 fc 28 27%
P«y)ple's <Ja» '. - W« 97 4" »7 97 hi
Trriispd Steel Car 30
Pr»*8rd S Car pfd. 200 72 71 M 71
Pullman Palace Car 210
Republic Steel . 100 7»4 7*4 7-H
Ropublic St"*l pfd. 30(» 47V<i 47 4«»4
RuhrK-r Goodf 200 1»4 1»4 1»»*
RubLor Goods pfd 79 I
Tenn Coal & Iron.. l.W.rt 41 40% 40'^
\: R Leather 7 ;
II S Leather pfd ~8\i
V S Realty I.SO0 7«4 7 7
U S Realty pfd 1.000 M W^ 55
U R Rubber 4<X> 13*6 13% IZ%
V S Rubber pfd... W»0 5»H r.»>^ 53»4
i; S F!"d 11.20O H'i, US 11%
TT S StPPl pfd 29,100 62% 61% 61%
W«"FtiriKhnuB* Elec. 160
WeFt*rn Unlcn. 500 S9V4 89 8ST»
Total KalP» 473.900 share*.
NEW YORK BONDS.
I V S rrf 2s reg..l0G i Hock Val 44s.. 106
IX) coupon irm 'l, ft N unified 4s. O0%
Do 3s reg 1M M«n con gold 4«..10l%
Do coupon lf>7 Mrx Cent 4s 6G
Do nf* 4* reg.l.Tt Do 1st Inc.... 13
Do coupon 133 (Minn ft St L 4s. »f.H
Do old 4» r«>R.107»i!M K & T 4s 00%
Do coupon 107%) bo 2<1s .: ..79%
At'-h pn<« f»9H|XH of Mex Con 4s 75
Do adj 4s.. !>rt*iiK Y C pen 3VJs.. »?%
Atlantic C L 4s. BSKIM J C gen 5e 7%%
P.al & Ohio 4»...10f>4!Xor Pac 4s 10T4
Do r,4B »3'(,| Do 3f 72U
Cfntral of Ga 5F.107mNor & W con 4s. 97U
r>o 1st lnc 0410SL «s & panic. 85%
Chrr & Ohio 4 4s.lft2% Pa oonv 3%s.... 91 U
Chi & Alton 34«. TG | Reading gen 4s... W5U
C B & Q new 4s. »»U1 SL A> I M con 5s 113
CM & SP en 4*.10«HlS L & S Ffg 4sl »2ti
O & NW con 7g.l2»m Seaboard A L4s.. fiS
C. R I & Pac 4s. 72«<|Po Pac 4s 87%
Do col Tm Sl^'Fo Railway C«.. 113%
C.C.C & EL*n 4s.lO04|Tcx & Pac lsts..H7U
Chi Term 4s .... R0 T st L & XV 4s. . f 8
Cons Tobacco 4s. 5ST* Union Pae 4s ....103%
Colo & So 4s.... R5 Do conv 4s.... 1C0
C F & I conv 5s. 71 M- K Steel 24 5s.. 7fc«i
Dea & Rio G 4s. 9dK\ Wabash l*u . ...U7'A
Erie "prior lien 4s. P7H' Do deb B 61U
Do pen 4s 80%! W & L Erie 4s.. 8«
T W & D C l«ts.lP5l4) Win Cent 4s...... 89%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adam* Con 251 Little Chief o«
Alice lSjOntarto 4 25
Bnece lOjOphir B 33
Bruns Con O3!Phoen!x 10
Com Tunnel 09|Poto*l j«-
Con Cal & Va... 1 «5lSavag* 45
Horn Silver 1 25) Sierra' Nev ..;...* 70
Iron Silver 1 7Oj Small Hopes ..... .15
LeadvUle Con ..." K| Standard 2 CO
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY,
» the outlook for future traiflc, but admit a de
] c'.ine in the present volume. A renewal of the
advance in Union Pacific freshened up the late
I market to-day, but the gains were moderate.
The band market was also irregular and less
j active. Total salee. $2,260,000.
United States bond* were unchanged on call.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, April 11.— No bond transac
1 tion to-day.
LOCAL MARKETS.
SEATTLE — April 11! — Clearings, $625,t535;
balance*. *.-)4,74C.
TAC/JMA. April 11. — Clearinjrs. $336,669;
balance*. $4S.C50. • ¦
PORTLAND. April 11.— Clearings. $835,226;
balance. S117.S72.
SPOKANEv April 11. — Clearings, $405,605;
balances, $41,718. - . "
Northern Business.
TACOMA. Wash.. April .11.— Wheat un
changed; bluestem, &3c; club, 75c. .
WASHINGTON
"PORTLAND, \ Or., April 11. — WHEAT—
Walla WaHa. S4c; bluestfrn. 83c; valley, 81c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
Foreign Futures. . ,
LIVERPOOL.. '
Wheat — May. July.
Opening 6 6% 6 6%
"Closing 0 6>& 6 6%
PARIS.
*Vheat — April. Sept.-Dec.
Opening . ¦; 22 45 20 70
Clof ing 22 30 20 70
Flcur — ¦* ' ' .'
Opening 29 00 ¦ 28 10
Closing - 2S 95 v 28 05
57. Louis Wool Market. .
ST. LOUIS.' April \U — WOOL — Steady.
Medium grades combing and clothing:. lS@22c;
light fine, 15®17Hc: heavy . fine, 12@14^c;
tubwashed, 20@31c. ¦ • . •
A car of .Western Poultry was on sale and
met with a good demand at . steady prices.
There whs practically no market for domestic
stock, as there was nothing carried over from
Saturday and only four coops of fresh stock
came in. •
- The quotations for Game are omitted, as the
stock came to hand in very bad condition owing
to the hot weather and could not be sold at any
price. ¦ ?
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 16@18e per ib;
Gtese. p*r pair. $2®2 50; Goslings, *2®2 60:
Ducks. $5 SO(g<; 50 per dozen for old and $6 50@
7 50 for young; Hens. J $7@8 for large and
$5 60@ti for --mall; young Roosters, $7 50M
8 50; old Roosters. $5@«; Fryers. $0*56 60;
Broilers. $4j|4 60 for large and $2@3 for
small: Pigeons $1 25® I 50 per dozen for old
and $2 25@2 J>0 for Squabs. - - . .
GAME — Was unsalable, th» warm weather
causing it to arrive in bad condition. ..
Poultry and Game.
Bar silver — Quiot, 24%d per ounce.
Money — '-£12**1 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2% per cent and for three months'
bills 2 11-16 per cent.
Cons for money.. SS In Y Central... '..121 14
Do for acct .... SSVi Nor & Western.. 61 >i
Anaconda 2% Do pfd W0
Atchison 77 Ont & Western.. 22%
Do pfd -. fl*5»; Pennsylvania 61*4
Bal & Ohio S3H Rand Mines 10U
Can Pacific 119^ Reading 2IV3
Ches & Ohio rs.% Do 1st pfd 4OI3
Chi Great West.. 17^ i Do 2d pfd.... .. 33Vi
Chi. "Mil & St P. 149 ISo Railway 23 U
De*Been» 20 j Do pfd .874
Den & Rio G 31%) So Pacific 5SK,
Do pfd 73^4! Union Pacific »0^.
Erie 27V Do pfd .'..95
Do 1st pfd 67TJIU S Steel 12U
Do 2d pfd 43 ) Do pfd <S4
111 Central 134 Wabash 19ii
I-ouis & Nash.-. .112% Do pfd SO (4
M. K & Texas... lS^i Spanish 4s SlV t
London Closing Stocks.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7©
7%c per lb; White Lead, 7S7&C, according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.65c;
Powdered, 5.50c; Candy Granulated, 5.50c;
Dry Granulated, fine, 5.40c; Dry Grapu
lated, coarse, 5.40c; Fruit Granulated. 5.40c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), 6.30c;
Confectioners' A, 5.40c; Magnolia A, 5c;
Extra C, 4.90c; Golden C, 4.80c: "D."
4.70c; barrels, 10c more; half barrels 25c more;
boxss, 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more for all
kinds. Tablets— Half barrels. 5.90c; boxes.
6 15c; H. & E. Crystal Dominoes, 8.40c per lb.
No orders taken for less than seventy-five bar
rels or its equivalent.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 5%c spot and 5%<? June-
July; San Quentln. $5 40; Wool Bags, 32®35c;
Fleece Twine. 7©Sc. '
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, |S: Seattle, $6 50: Bryant, ?6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $6: Stanford. $7; Roslyn; $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend, $7; Richmond.
*7 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 23 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lamp,
$11 50; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 60013
per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 SO
per long ton, according to brand. |
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1, 70c:
Bakers' AA, $1 10@l 12; Lucol, 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. 60@70c per gallon;
Cccoanut Oil in barrels, 5Sc for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil S5c;. natural winter Sperm Oil. SOc; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil, 65c; natural Whale
Oil, 60c; extra winter strained Lard Oil, 75c;
Xo. 1 Lard Oil, 60c: pure Neatsfoot Oil, 75c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil, 65c: light Herring Oil.
45c; dark Herring Oil. 43c; Salmon Oil. 38c;
boiled Fish Oil, 40c; raw Fish Oil. 3Sc: boiled
Paint Oil, 35c; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk.
14c; Peart Oil. In cases, 20%c; Astral. 20^c;
Star. 20%c; Extra Star. 241-ic; Elaine, 26%c;
Eocene. 23^c; Deodorl2ed Stove Gasoline, In
bulk, ice; In cases, 22%c; Benxlne. in; bulk.
13c; in cases,- 19>4c; 86-degree gasoline in
bulk. 25c; in cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE — 84c per gallon in cases and
7Sc in drums and Iron barrels. <" -
General Merchandise.
Nc.v York Stocks higher on the day. < \ -,.\ _\ '
Cotton struck by frost in Texas.
Local Stocks and Bonds quiet, zvith little change.
Sihcr continues to decline. Exchange as before. .
Government report gives Winter Wheat a low condition of 76.5.
Barley continues to leave here for Japan. . .
Oats, Com and Rye zccll held, but quiet. ,
Bran and Middlings quoted very firm.
Hay in larger spot supply and easy.
Southern Bean groovers zixmt more ztrt weather, » J "
Butter coming in soft and out of shape.
Hot leather operating against lever grade Eggs.
Provisions still dull at previoirs prices.
Wool. Hops and Hides show no variation.
Grass-fed Sheep coming in and Mutton consequently lozecr.
Beef steady., Pork in ample supply and unclianged.
Potatoes firm, but Onions generally lower.
Asparagus arriving in bad condition, owing to the heat.
Poultry steady and in demand. Game coming in spoiled.
Increased activity in Oranges, and Lemons and Limes higher.
Miscellaneous Markets.
CHICAGO. April. ll.^-CATTLE — Receipts.
28,000. Slow. Good to prime steers, $5 25@
5 60; poor to medium, $3 75@5; stockers and
feedera. $2 75@4 25; cowsf $2@4 25; heifers.
$2 25@4 85; canners. f2#2 50; bulls. $2 25@4 15;
calves, $2 50@5 25; Texas fed steers, $404 60.
HOGS— Receipts: To-day. 20,000; to-morrow,
20,000. • Steady to strong. Mixed and butciicrn.
$4 00«j5 30; good to choice heavy, $5 155? 5 35;
rough heavy, $4 !>5«t5 15; light, (4 75@5 15;
bulk, of sale?, ?5@5 15. , . -
'¦ SHEEP— Receipts, 20,000. \ Sheep and lamls.
steady to strong. Good to choice wethers, $4 75
©5€r>; fair to choice mixed, $3 50® 4 50; West
ern ehecp, f4."o©5 15; native lambs, $4 50®
5 50; Western lambs. $5 50@6 25.
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
Time loans 3*4@4| Westing Common. 70
Bonds — | Mining —
Atchison 4 S 99H| Adventure 2&
Do adj 4s sa^s Allouez 5%
Mex Cent 4s 63^ Amal Copper 51%
Railroads— Amer Zinc ...:.. 11
Atchison 75^, Atlantic 8
Do pfd 94141 Bingham 22*4
Boston & AIbany.250 | Calumet & Heda.470
Boston & Maine.ieoiil Centennial 21 U
Boston Elev 140 I Copper Range ... 44
Fitchburg pfd 140 | Daly West . .'. . . . 24*,
Mex Central »ij| Dotn Coal .. 65%
N V. Jf H & H..183 JFranklin 8%
Pere Marquette.. 74 | Grancy 3V6
Union Pacific SS?i Isle Royale ...... 7V.
Miscellaneous — • Mass Mining .... 4 "
Amer Arge Chem. 12% Michigan 5*i
Do pfd 71 Mohawk 43
Amer Pneu Tube. 4% Mont Coal & Coke 2%
Amer Sugar 127H Old Dominion 13
Do pfd 125Vfc Orcebla ..... 60
Amer Tel & Tel. 12*^ Parrot '....2Z\i
Amer Woolen 10% Qulncy .....85
Do pfd 75 | Shannon S&
Doxn Iron & S... 10 Tamarack 95
Ed Elect Ilium... 137 Trinity 4%
Gen Electric 163^ U S Mining 21%
Mass Electric 20& U S Oil 9»4
Do pfd 74 Utah / 33%
Mass Gas 40^ Victcria 3>,i
United Fruit 100 Wlnona 6>4
Un Shoe^Mach... 48 Wolverine 72H
Do pfd 2SM!
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
The output of the district \f or. the week was
429,500 pounds. The market was officially
declared steady at 24>£o per pound. J
CHICAGO, April ll. : — On; the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creamery, 14@24c; dairy. 13>4@21c. Eggs were
firm at 16%@ltf&c. Cheese was, weak at 9@
li>Hc. " ' - ,
ELGIN, 111.. April 11. — No offering and no
sales of butter. - ¦"¦'• >.-' "-'-..
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: • ¦-- :
CATTLE — liteers, 8©9c: Cows and Hslfera.
7©Sc; thic Ccws, 4®5c per lb. y
CALVES — K,?4^c per lb (gross weight)..
SHEEP— Wethers, 4%®5^c; Ewes, 4l4S4%c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMB — Spring, 15@16c per lb. - ¦
HOGS— Livu Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs, 5%d«c;
over 200 lbs. 5%@5%c; soft Hogs, 4%@5Hc;
Sows, £0 per cent oft; Boars, 50 per cent off.
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tion*. - : . ... ¦ •
MVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates', from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: '¦- '__-.,
f, BEEF-7%@8%c for Steers and r@7^c per
lb for Cows. - l - . -;,\iji«y j
VEAL—Large. 8V40Oc: small. 8%08%c per
Wethers, 9@10c; Ewes, 8%©fl%c
per lb. *,
LAMB— 15c per lb. ¦•< ,
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6%®9c per lb.
steady at the good prices, while Hogs are In
ample receipt for all current needs.
Rye. bushels . . . ... 5.000 6.000
Barley; buehels 67.200 , -, 47,200
. ONIONS— Tellow, $2 75 per ctl for Oregon
and $2 75(23 25 for Australian; Green Onions,
35iff50c per box. , ..... • ¦» . '...-•
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 307c ..' per lb:
Rhubarb, 50c«i$l per box; Green Peas. 2Vs@*c
per lb; String Beans, 8@10c per lb; Toma
toes. 75c@$l 25 per box or crate for I Los An
geles )TBd $1 5(htfl 75 for Mexican; Summer
Squash from Los Aneeles, *1<31 25 per box;
Cabbage, $1 25 per ctl; Carrots. 50c .per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbera, 75c(S$l 50 per. dozen;
Garlic, 15c per lb; Egg Plant, 15©25c per lb;
Dried Peppers. .5@8c per lb for Stockton and
10@12%c for southern; Dried Okra. 12%@15c
per lb; Green "Peppers (Mexican), - 15@25c per
lb; Marrowfat Squash, jobbing at l l ,4@2c per
pound. • > - . ¦ ; '
firm at a narrower range of, prices.". Fresh'ar
rivals of river kinds -were very, light, but there
were about 1200 bags ¦ offering that - came * in
late on Saturday. The | cargo of Oregon , Bur
banks brought, by the steamer which arrived
on Saturday were rapidly cleaning up and the
best lots were easily disposed of at an advance.
An easier' feeling prevailed in Onions, and both
Australian and Oregon were quoted lower, f
_. Receipts of Asparagus were over 1S00 boxes
and, as a large Dortion was in bad condition
owing to the hot weather, the market was weak
and | prices were lower and Irregular, to Good,
sound stock' was firm and commanded a pre
mium during the -early trade, and in some in
stances choice offerings of No. 1 and No. 2
brought' as much as extra fancy. Poor lots
were offered freely at prices ranging from 25c
to $1 per box, but were hard to dispose of; and
quite a quantity had to be thrown away. Rhu
barb arrived freely and met with fair request.'
The top quotation was obtained only for choice
San Jose lots, 90c being about the top for. Ala
rm da County stock. Peas arrived freely, but
cleaned un well at steady , rates. ! Most kinds
of Los Angeles vegetables were lower. ; -
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, $1 25
@1 50 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks, $1 50@170
per ctl; River Reds. $1@1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Burbanks for seed, $1 1001 25 per ctl;
Garnet Chile*. $1 25<@1 B0 per ctl; Early Rose,
$1 40@l 75 per ctl; new Potatoes. 2%@3c per
pound.
THE SAN FKANU5CO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1904.
. Mow- |U B Btwl. II«
Call loans ....:. t\iH»\ Do pta. ........ $1%
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
' . Trade In the "Potato market continued active
and ..the. leading table .varieties were* quoted
Potatoes; Onions and Vegetables.
One hundred and sixty dollar* was
paid - recently •¦ for the pen ; used by "the
Emperors of Prussia, Austria and Rus
sia in signing ] the holy alliance treaty.
COMM ERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
Don't forget the big sale of a. lot of 'rood
horses and mares at 1140 FOLSOM ST.. TUES-
DAY. April 12, 11 a. m. Also wagons, surreys,
buggies, carts and harness, one fast pony.
WILLIAM CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
OS! 5^ £*
AUCTION SALE at ARCADE HORSE MAR-
KET, 327 SIXTH ST., WEDNESDAY. April
13, at 11 a. m. I will sell 40 bead of «ooa
horses.- JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. • ¦
tJUfaam STOCK BREEDERS. ATTENTION.
••tfiyipM Mr. Sam J. - Maddox's registered
• « *l shorthorn cattle have arrived in
Sacramento. Will be sold at auction on State
Fair Grounds at 1 11 a. m., Friday. April 15.
1904. FRED H. CHASE A CO.. ' Livestock
Auctioneers. ' ¦ .. . - - . < -- Miss Gail J^aughlin .will lecture' on
Friday . evening,- April .1 5,'- at ; 8 o'clock
at "the Academy of Sciences, taking for
her -'.subject. " . "Economic • -Basis . of
Woman's Suffrage." T- She appears
der, the auspices | of ( the ' San' Francisco
County Suffrag:e f Club. ' . . 5
Miss Laughlln Will Lecture.
'= In i the schools .; of Rhenish Prnssia
a change of stockings" arid .shoes is
provided, for .the- use of 'children who
arrive wlth'wet feet. - . ":¦ •
"""Don't bury me on Thursday,"/ were
the dying" words of John Penn, an
English member of Parliament. "There
is a little sirl opposite who is going to
be married on that day and it -would
be grewsome." - "' r~ ;
Log Cabin! "The. bread. with" aflavor." A«k
your dealer— wholesale— 900 Dolores »t." •
In many eases of Asthma Plgo's Cure rives
relief that 1» almost equal to a cure. 25c. •
George Rutherford, an' undertaker
from* Benicia, 'was sitting on a~ bench
in Portsmouth square last night airing
himself /when- somebody- came along
and hit him on the •head/.fellinghim
to the ground.| .When hie came to his
senses he), found^that his : pockets, had
b^en-turned^ inside i.out' and- their con
tents, amounting ' to, 45' cents, stolen.
Undertaker Is Robbed.
The forty-first annual picnic and
outing of the St. Andrew's^ Society
will take, place at-Fairfax Park, near
San Rafael, on Saturday, May 7. A
splendid programme of games and
athletic events will be arranged for
the . occasion.
St. Andrew's Annual Outing.
- Stock certificates and seal pressei "at short
notice. 'Edw.'.-S. Knowles. 24 Second »t •
Joe Gee Meo and Joe Yee Jung, part
owners of the Chinese drug store at
917 Dupont Ktreot. yesterday sued for a
dissolution of the partnership. The
defendants in the suit are the four
teen other partners. Tht- plaintiff al
leges that Dea Yin. one of the defend
ants, wrongfully paid over to Yea Sum,
president of the Chinese Merchants'
Association. $4000 of the firm's funds
and refuses to account for it.
Cliinoo Merchants at Outs
Landseer's cr!<?brat<»d pafntlng. "The
Lion." free to customers; to others. 3 Of;
by mail. !5<-. Chap. Lyons. 721 Market
Ft., and 1?2 Kearny. •
The entertainment was divided into
two par^s, between" which selections
were rendered by a large orchestra.
This programme was presented:
Songs, Cathedral Mission boys' choir;
"Liebeslieder Walzes" (Songs of Love
Waltzes) (Johannes Brahms), Mrs.
B. G. Lathrop, Miss Gertrude Wheeler,
Edgar Mills, Williard Young, • Miss
Vassault, Miss Bourn — director," Henry
Holmes; selections by orchestra; reci
tation, "A Dream of Fair \$omen"
(Tennyson), by Mrs. Joseph Coryell;
tableaux— "Helen of Troy," "Jephtha's
Daughter," "Ipheigenia," "Rosamond/*
"Cleopatra," "Joan of Arc," "Queen
Eleanor and Edward I."
An interesting vaudeville entertain
ment was given last evening at Lyric
Hall for the benefit of the Cathedral
Mission of the Good Samaritan. A fine
musical' and literary programme was
presented, arranged under the direc
tion of Henry Holmes. . f
Ckxxl Musical and Literary Pro
gramme Attracts Large Audience
¦ '...' ,to Lyric Hall.
AJfATEUR VAUDEVILLE
GI VEX FOR BEXEFIT
"Kismet" v is still on • at
Helen . Russell' and; Ben Druon in ; the
principal .roles i make, it a" play well
worth seeing. :" ; ; . .
! Anna .*Heldj. J and ,','Mam'seHe- Napo
leon" continue i to : hold the boards at
the Columbia this; week. "' '
< James and; Bessie. Kelley,; Irish char
acter: artists, jWere new^at\the Chutes
yesterday ! and made ¦ hits at . bothj per
formances; as 'did ! also Leando and^Fee
ley,' comedy,- acrobats, ' and -the : Robin
sons, clever colored singers. and danc
ers.. Agnes Moore, the. monologist and
singer, varied her specialty ;.-Hawley
and Vass offered : a [ lot of new . wlttl
cishisV and Mabel Lani'son, the : popular
contralto, : was warmly,, applauded,' for
her;»illustrated .' songs. , The animato-.
scope,' J showing)" many; new., and novel
moving pictures, /cornpletejd an
ually ? Interesting programme.' ; : The am
ateur'swiirappear on Thursday "night! : :
With the revival of Millocker's comic
opera, "The Beggar Student." the week
began at theTIvoli- last night, with a
cast essentially the/ same as : that in
the presentation of a few weeks ago.
Russo, Cunningham,, Hartman.^Webb
and ', Wallace ' Brownlow, sustain • the
leading .male ~ characters g and".. Caro
Roma; Bessie Tannehill, : Dora de • Fll
ippe and Nettie 'Deglow, the .leading
female. . roles. The same care and artis
tic j taste that have made the Tivoli
popular have been bestowed -upon this
production', \ and . the ¦ result- is an en
joyable performance. •. ..;-•'
• . , *. ;.¦•
Harry Hilliard, George Osbourne,
Frances Starr. John Maher, Lawrence
Gattan and.Reginald Mason appeared
in humorous roles. The others of the
cast furnished excellent support for the
leaders. • . • .'¦ : . .
bring about a separation, and in a fit
of anger the girl marries a roue with
the title of prince. .The latter is in
love with the millionaire's wife, and
thus matters are " complicated. The
prince attempts to make love, to the
capitalist's .wifeVand. is caught at it.
He is forced to leave trie country and
dies opportunely. -^ i
The "right" people : , are all- reunited
in the end and thejaffair has a happy
finale. An' English earl, a 'British mar
quis and a French duke are, side char
acters that "portray titled idiocy.
James Durkin.as' the American mil
lionaire and Block as his wife
were the^most popular; of the players.
Luke Cohness handled the part of the
prince admirably.' Juliet.'Crosby and
Edwin T. Emery in serious characters
were also weir received. '
"Aristocracy," ; this week's i offering, at
the Alcazar, Is, a pleasant littleffour
act comedy, the humor of which is based
on the alleged peculiar personal' char-;
acteristics of?the members of European
nobility. ¦ The company ¦ handles s f the
piece in excellent shape. ;.- "•';
A Callfornlan wlthcrut family is wed
ded 5 to a young. woman without family
and he Is possessed of a daughterly
a former marriage who is, of'courseijn
a t like predicament. \ He . has » accumu-;
lated seventy million dollars.' which' will
buy that r caste ,- for ; which ; his " . wife
yearns. JThedaughter.is in; love : with
the scion of. a famous New York family,
of Dutch descent. .' '•';-? -^ ;
* The - aristocratic * parents • off the 'boy:
At the Central Theater Owen Davis'
romantic melodrama, "In the Hands of
the Enemy," gav« a big audience, the
full measure of thrill and excitement
last night and Incidentally furnished a
generous amount of amusing comedy.
The scenes of the play are laid In Bo
livia, ahd the plot deals with the
scheme of a brace of villains, to wrest
from a young American gold .miner
the fruits of his rich discoveries. An
English adventurer is at the bottom
of the design, and he is abetted by
a Bolivian Chief of Police. The Ameri
can is flung into prison on a trumped
up charge, but with the aid of the
daughter of a United States Consul
he escapes in a sensational manner.
He is tracked to an abandoned mon
astery, where he has taken j refuge,
and a battle, ensues. The American, of
course, comes off victor, and naturally
weds the girl that saved him. Herschel
Mayall is the American, and Miss
Lawton the ; heroic daughter .of the
Consul, while Henry' Shumer is g the
wicked Chief ' of Police, George ' Nich
olls the English adventurer and Edna
Ellsmere the ' Briton's • spouse. , The
comedy element Is unusually good.* El
mer Booth7 as' a rnisslonaryytovthe* be
nighted - heathen, 'and % Helen Hartley
as the wealthy widow with 'whom the
preacher becomes; smitten he
learns that she possesses a fortune that
may be put • to ¦. pious ,. uses, ; created i a
great deal of merriment; while. Myrtle.
Vane has a chipper partjas* the ijromp-'
Ing member of the Consul's household/
in love with the 'missionary's mischiev-.
ous nephew,, played 4iy Millar "Bacon." .
Ernest Howell makes, .'a' w dighlfled
United j States : Consul, and -George - ; P.*
Webster, .who ; would be i 1 : success
any role,. shines as a Criegrp;* servant.
The climatic'scenesT; in which' guns?and
pistols play a . thunderous part; "evoked
prolonged applause and- curtain '.falls.'
The scene ' of . the • ruined 8panjsh<;mpn-'
astery ' was : exceedingly j picturesque.
"In the Hands of j the* Enemy" -is. .a.
well-written 'melodrama, and-' if is well
played at the Central , Theater. - •
a sweet and sympathetic Christina, the
rest filling In entirely acceptably.
Mrs. Fiske will make her last appear
ance on Saturday night next In the fol
lowing brilliant programme:
Act 2 of "Hedda Gabler J* Act 3 of
"Divorcons," Act 1 of "A Don's House."
and by general request Act 4 of "Tess
of the D'Urbervilles."
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
musical comedy, "The Burgomas
ter" (Lueders); patrol, "American"
(Meacham).
Major Carrington had . reduced his
battalion to about 225 men, to fit the
size of the hall. These were divided
equally among the four companies of
Macabebe, Visayan, Tagalog_aud Illo
cano scouts. First came the march in
review, with rattling- music- -by the
band.
Then the Macabebes gave a company
BELOVED CHAPLAIN OF THE
FIRST CALIFORNIAS AND THE
FAMOUS FILIPINO SCOUTS.
Few American bands could have
given these orchestral selections with
greater spirit and effect and the auHl
ence omitted no sign of Its apprecia
tion for the fine work of the little
brown musicians from the islands.
The programme follows: March, "In
dependentia" (R. B. Hall); overture,
"William Tell" (Rossini); selection
"II Trovatore" (Verdi); waltzes, "Ro
mantique" (Tobani); Intermezzo, "Ra
mona" (Johnson) ; selections from
The excellent musical organization,
which was formed at Manila by Direc
tor E. G. Fischer to accompany Major
Carrington's scouts to the St. Louis
Exposition, was heard to great advan
tage in the. Pavilion, where every selec
tion was heartily applauded. The ap
plause was well deserved, too. espe
cially that which greeted the render
ing of the overture from Rossini's
"William Tell" and the familiar but
ever welcome numbers from Verdi's
"II Trovatore."
AUDIENCE APPRECIATIVE.
The 3000 people that attended the
McKinnon memorial fund entertain
ment at the Mechanics* Pavilion last
evening enjoyed a splendid concert by
the Filipino band, a good exhibition
of athletics by the Olympic Club
¦wrestlers and boxers and the best dls-
Silay of drill work Major Frank de L.
Carrlngton's battalion of Philippine
scouts has given since its arrival in
San Francisco. The entertainment
was held under the direction of the
First Regiment, National Guard of
California, and concluded with danc
ing, for which the music was furnish
ed by the band of that regiment.
• In the boxing contests the following
were paired: Bob Cairns and Billy
Leonard, Harry Chester and George
Murray, R. B. Cornell and E. J. Phil
lips, G. Freeman and M. E.' Dye, "M.
Granfleld and J. McBride, C. B. Rear
dan and Gus de Brettville, J. Gallagher
and Ed Anstell. The boxing contests
were refereed by Jimmy Britt. * John G.
Gleason, athletic director of the Olym
pic Club, had the exhibition in hand.
The physical drill with rifles to music
by the band presented a taking exhibi
tion of difficult calisthenic work, in
which all four of the companies partici
pated. Finally the dress parade
brought nearly every spectator to his
feet in silent admiration of its impres
sive dignity, and as the __ well-ordered
ranks marched off the floor they were
followed by loud cheers.
The wrestling or the boys from the
Olympic Club brought out some excel
lent work from the following pairs: R.
B. Cornell and E. J. Phillips, G. H. Wil
liams and C. B. Reardan, D. E. Roths
child and H. Meyer, M. E. Dye and P.
ILJWeinmann, H. F. Imhof and E. Mc-
Kevitt, J. A. Gindorff and L. Kullmann,
R. W. McElroy and F. H. Abbott Jr.,
E. Vannier and G. Freeman,
SPECTATORS CHEER.
drill that. brought round after round of
applause from - the benches, the sixty
men moving in with machine-like pre
cision'and presenting a most effective
appearance. The VIsayan company
followed with an exhibition of skirmish
drill and volley firing that gave the
spectators a hint of the actual duties
performed by the fifty companies of
native scouts organized by UnclelSam's
officers In the Philippines.
Both bodies held meetings last
night, I but .their deliberations were
executive.- ¦ The Stablemen's Union
will . submit, its conclusions to the
executive committee of the same be
fore taking definite action.
In any event nothing positive will
be done before the next meeting of the
union, which will be. held on Monday
night. • It is rumored that the stable
men's association is determined to
fight the issue to a finish at this time.
Should both sides remain ob.durate it
is possible that other labor elements
may be dragged into the issue, as it Is
freely circulated that the Citizens'
Alliance is prompting the stablemen's
association to declare for a free and
open labor market to : all that may
wish to work. On the other hand the
Stablemen's Union will look to the
Hackmen's Union and other organiza
tions for sympathy should the fight
open.
There is g. great probability of a
clash between the Livery Stablemen's
Association and the Stablemen's Union
over the latest demand made by the
/union men which they ask be put into
operation on the 14 th inst.
The stablemen have asked for a
raise of 25 cents a day on their wages
.with other minor considerations. The
association is disposed to rebel against
any further concession or parleying
with the employes, who. it is said,
have succeeded in getting everything
they have asked for up to the present
time. . - •
livery Stablemen's Association and
Stablemen's Union Are Xearing
a Struggle.
CliASH IS IMMIXEXT.
The report received by the managers
of the California Street and Union
Street Cable companies Friday after
noon to the effect that the employes
of those, companies -were preparing to
submit demands for an increase of
wages has not yet been confirmed, al
though the men on the two lines free
ly discuss with their friends their con
templated move in that direction in
the near future.
Representatives of the Carmen's
Union and the United Railroads were
in conference for several hours yes
terday, but at the end of their meeting
it .was stated by both sides that no
definite understanding had been ar
rived at regarding existing troubles.
Though General Manager Chapman
and President Cornelius both - ex
pressed the hope that the differences
between their respective interests
would be amicably settled, there is still
a strong Undercurrent of feeling that
a strike is inevitable. Everything in
dicates that the company is 'deter
mined to make no further advances
in its wage schedule and it has so an
nounced on several occasions lately.
THe* men have shown no inclination,
however, .to abandon their hope of
forcing their employers to meet the
demands incorporated' in their recent
communication to the company.
It was stated on good authority yes
terday that the railroad company's
action in ceasing to break in more
"students" on the various lines after a
protest had been made by the carmen,
was only a temporary move and that
in a few days the management would
continue to instruct new men as It has
been doing for several months. This
move, it is expected, .will precipitate
matters, notwithstanding the declara
tion lately made that both fides would
stand by the existing agreement until
its expiration on April 30. It is" held
by members of the union that any,
trouble arising out, of the employment'
of extra men will be treated as a mat
ter entirely foreign to the provisions of
the agreement and that if the com
pany persists in breaking in new men
on the eve of the expiration of this
agreement such an act will be accepted
only in the light of an indication of
the company's determination to have,
no further peaceful arrangement with
the union.
a counter claim had been filed by Lena
Walton. Although she is reported to
have known al! the circumstances of
the case, she said she had the right
to enter a counter claim on the ground
ihat a soldier of the Government had
no right to locate a piece of ground.
This plea not holding good, she entered
a second suit, claiming that Captain
Walker had not done his assessment
work. In the parly part of the pro
ceedings she had the help and assist
ance of Jerry Wilson, a well known at
torney in that section. Failing in her
first endeavors, she brought suit a
third time, and in this instance she had
the assistance of Major L. H. French.
The case was tried in Nome in 1902,
before Judge Wickersham and she was
again defeated.
After, the trial French offered to sell
any equity that he and Lena Walton
had in the claim to«the defendants for
S90Q0. The'' offer was refused. About
this time Lena Walton and Lane had
a personal encounter in a drugstore in
Nome, to which full publicity was given
through the press.
In 1903 the case was brought before
the Circuit Court of Appeals in this
c'ty and Judge Morrow, presiding, de
cided in favor of the Wild Goose Com
pany.
In 1903 the contestants. Lena Walton
and French, carried the case to the
Supreme Court of the United States,
?r.deavoring to obtain a writ of cer
tiurari. The answer was handed down
yesterday denying the request, which
puts an end to the Ions: and hard
fr-ught battle for the possession of the
claim.
*Ehe story of the case is a* follows:
Early In 1Ki$ Captain Walk«\ U. S.
A^ who was at that time stationed in
Alaska, located a claim on Ophir Creek
known as No. 19. The next year when
he was in Seattle he offered to sell the
cJaim for $1200 to C D. Lane, the
president of the Wild Goose Mining
Company. Ixuw declined to buy at
that figure, but later, after having
made a personal inspection of the
claim, he reported t^ Walker that his
company was in a position to enter
tain the purchase, and in 1901 Walker,
then in Seattle, sold his rights to the
Wild Goose Company for $16,000.
When the ntw purchasers went to
Nome in the spring to begin develop
ing their new purchase they found that
This is undoabtedly the most noted
case that has ever been known in
the Nome section of Alaska. The prop
erty in Question was claim IS on Ophir
Creek. The controversy has been
going on since 1S9S. and has occupied
the attention of the courts in Alaska,
this city and in Washington up to the
present time. The suit has been bit
terly fought on both sides, and has cost
the contending parties much money.
Splce has l>een added to the general
contention by personal encounters be
tween the {iriacJpals cm the opposite
sides of the cc££.
The celebrated Lena Walton suit
against the Wild Goose Mining Com
pany was decided to-day by the United
States Supreme Court in favor of the
defendant.
The get-up is clever in the extreme,
with its girlish coiffure, little rose
rtuck in the belt, simple blue gown, and
Mr?. Fiske with Ibsen's "Keep the
change" to the cabman she enters,
at once sets -the key to 'the character.
One laushs as she gayly tells Krog
stadt she forged the check, without
the slightest idea of her responsibility,
and as one felt her gradual awakening
to th<* realities about her, her growing
terror amid them, one felt inclined to
say with the man behind, "Poor kid."
Throughout her Nora is as pointedly
clever, as subtle, as compellingly con
vincing as anything Mrs. Fiske has
done here and should not by any means
be missed.
Mr. Bosworth does a very sincere
and effective Krogstadt and Belle Bohm
*"A Doll's House," a new comedy In
thre* acts by Hendrlk Ibsen, affords
this week Hhe last gllrnpae of the
srason of Mrs. Flske In her variety.
The play aJso affords Max JFlfrman his
best opportunity of the* engagement as
Ton-aid Helmer.
One does not need to ask here what
Ibsen Is driving: at- Unlike, as In the
motionless art of "Hedda Gabler,"
serenely unne^dful of any ralson d'etre
save Its truth, pure and purposeless,
the playwright Is distinctly preaching
in "A Doll's House." And one does not
need to ask here what Ibsen is driving
at simply because every one can find
an answer to Ms taste — and each prob
ably different. Those bitten with the
heredity bee doubtless take It that
Ibsen is once again preaching:, as In
"Ghosts." that the sins of the fathers
descend upon the children. The pro
ta£onists> of the environment theory
will point to Xora Helmer's up-bringing
by the serT&nts as evidence that the
playwright Is preaching the effect of
environment uj>on character. The in
dividualist, the new woman, any one.
in fact, can take a fling at a moral and
bring one down to his entire satisfac
tion. Meantime Ibsen paints away at
his characters, truth upon truth, light
upon light, and at the last, as in life,
one is left questioning.
Mrs. Piske as the child-wife, Xora
Helmer, who lies with equal readiness
about a macaroon or a forged check,
and Max Figman as the husband, who
sublimely assumes to be Nora's "will
and conscience," engage easily the
sympathies of the audience. Mr. Fig
man gives a pleasantly human quality
to the character of Helmer. Cad as he
is later found to be, and superb ego
tist always, one is made to feel that
with his small spiritual charge Helmer
pays u? as much as be could be ex
pected to • pay. One foresees, indeed,
for him in his last illuminative words.
"A miracle." a new -and wiser Helmer
to meet some day the new Nora, grown
to woman's stature. Mr. Figman's
scene where he discovers that Nora
has forged the check is an admirable
bit of bourgeois exposition, and the
•whole impersonation splendidly con
sistent and convincing.
Mrs. Fiske "did" a child-wife last
week, the sprightly Cyprienne of "Di
vorcons," who. it will be remembered,
deceives her husband with . easy flu
ency. Nothing perhaps could be mofe
characteristic of the subtlety of Mrs.
Flske's genius than the deft fashion In
which she differentiates the superficial
tarradiddling of Cyprienne from the
essential deceitfulness of Nora's make
up. Nora lies as a child lies, because
she is still a child. Denied instruc
tion in the ways of truth by her father,
himself "of morals not inpeccable." and
kept in spiritual and mental subjection
by her husband, she has never learned
the lesson of responsibility. And it is
all there, the childishness, the weak
ness, the glib falsity. In every* clever
note of Mrs! Fiske's voice. In the shift
iness of the eyes, in her whole sugges
tion.
Supreme Court Decides That
. Plaintiff Has No Right to
No. 19 on Ophir Creek
Central. Alcazar and Tivoli
Put on New Plays for
Week and Win Approval
Independent Lines Await Ex
• pectantly Demands From
Their Men for More Pay
SURFEIT OF GOOD BILLS
NOME CLAIM AT ISSUE
BOTH SIDES ARE SILENT
Lena Walton Loses Long
*Contested Action Against
the Wild Goose Company
Manager Chapman and Rail
road Employes Again Con
fer Regarding Wage Scale
"A Doll's House/' a Play in
Three Acts, Ir Brilliantly
Presented at the Grand
McKtnnon Memorial Fund Entertainment at Mechanics' Pavilion Is
Attended by Large Audience— Cheers for Splendid Music and
Admirable Drills by 'the Brown Men— Feats of Gymnasts
BATTLE OVER
MINE IS ENDED
NEITHER SIDE
CEDES A POINT
FISKE SEASON
NEARS AN END
ROUNDS OF APPLAUSE GREET OLYMPIC
ATHLETES AND PHILIPPINE SCOUTS
THE SAN • FRANGISCO.iCALL,- TUESDAY, APRIL 12, / 1904.
141 Do . you wear ¦glasses .' v properly < fitting
glasses', and : Murihe - Eye>.RemedyTpro
mote? Eye . comfort. " Murine ,' makes I weak
eyes', strong.%; Cures sore : eyes. ' . •
16
-.. ;' : '- •¦ :' "-,'-;¦¦* ¦¦•; ¦>¦ '^ ADVERTISEMENTS.. ; -' '
; ; ryVERY, ione of the four hundred vehicles in )]
¦f. ¦-{ . .-; [our store is new since January 1st The fire
¦¦¦•¦ .";¦¦¦ last July took all the old ; ones. Youvwill be in-
, terested in seeing the 'finest assortment v of Car-
: ' : riages ever shown west of New York Gity. ."
Carriage Repairing Properly Done.
; > Gatalogues Furnished. \
ADVEBTISEMENT3. :
Sensational Bargains
REMEMBER. FOR THIS WEEK ONLY
Owing to our large manufacturing of Cloaks and Suits, as we
employ in our factory over 300 people, also having large contracts
coming daily from our branch factory in New York, we find that we
are absolutely crowded in our store at" 1142 Market street.
365,000 Worth of Cloaks and Suits
We Must Unload Them.*
Therefore we give all the benefit to the ladies of Frisco and the.
surrounding towns at one-half price. It has never been known of
such great bargains in the beginning of the spring that we can only
mention a few here. ; .' ':
JUST THINK OF IT. a NEW SPRING SUIT, made up in the
last forty days, regular price in New York would be ClQ 7C
$27.50; we will place them for this week only at v'*^ #^^
VERY. GENTEEL SPRING SUITS, all sizes; regular price in
New York $35.00; we will place them this week, only CM "7 ETA
at ._ V''«^"
Our large variety of 3000 SKIRTS and tremendous line of 2000
JACKETS in Covert. Silk. Pongee and White Crepe and 800
CHILDREN'S COATS all will be placed on the same reduction.
We must make room and we need money. *
Wholesale Manufacturers
1 1 42- 1 1 46 Market St.
ADVEETISEMEHTS. \ -' : »
HdIeabs „
COVERED
Scalps Cleansed and
Purified by •
CUHCURA SOAP
Assisted by Light Dressings of
Cuticura, the Great Skia Cure.
I This treatment at once stops Ailing
j nalr, removes crosta, scales acd dan-
draff, destroys hair . parasites, sootiies
irritated. Itching sorfacw, stbaulatjej
the hair follicles, loosens the scalp akin,
supplies the roota /witfc energy andaoar-
| isbraeat, and makes th« bstr grow apon
1 a 1 sweet, wholesome, healthy scalp wh«o
I all else fails. .
Millions - now rely on Cuticnra Soap,
I assisted by Cnticnra Ointment, tha
treat skin cure, for preserTicg, purify-
ing and beautifying the skin, for cleasi-
iog the scalp of crusts, scales andv
j daodraff, and the stopping of falling?
I hair, for softening, whitening and
.soothing red, rough and sore hands, for
baby rashes, Itchlhgs and chaflngs, for.
annoying Irritations, or too—free or
I offensive perspiration, for ulceratlro
j. weaknesses, and many sanative, anti-;
I septic pnrposes which readily snjrgest
i themselves, as well as for all to* pnr-
i poses of the toilet and nurserr.
i Complete treatment for every hmaonr,
I consisting of Caticnra Soap, to cleanse
! the skin, Caticnra Ointment, to heal
j the skin, and Caticnra Uesolrent Pills,
to cool and cleanse the blood, may how
! be had for one dollar. ' A single set is
I often sufficient to care the most tortar-
! Ing. disfiguring, itching, burning and
{ scaly humours, eczemas, rashes and'
{ irritations, from infancy to age, when
! all else fails.
«e(d ttooojhoat tk« world. O-rtlcnr* It— i't»iI. 50c
il-a form of ChocoUra Ou«4 PUU, tSa. jxrr »U! *£ tot,
Entrant, *0c. 5o*3. £5c Dtpou: London. t7 Cbmrwr-
boaM a q : r«'i«. S Ra« d» U Vui; B*rxn, I.V Cbtetnu
{ At«. TVc»r Dreg & ChetT. Corp.. *•)• PrDfTictw*.
*y-3*n<t for -Untr to Cum Eftrj UaaMmt," mA
i ' •
: ¦ " \
I Your
I Opportunity
' m -China |
fa Crnrkprv
I Glassware |
I Enamel Ware I
I High Grade
I Ornaments
I 50-£pFF
1 to trade
! I' real American Importing Tea Co
R S61 Market 210 Graat ive. 1418 Polk
m l*n Slith J*15> DevisaAero 705 Larkjn
j K tT.-, Hnlcfct 30O6 Sixteenth 355 Hayes
i || 32«5 Mission &21 Monts' av». £2 Market
j W 2f«8 Flllmore 2016 Mission 146 Nlath ,
! ; • - • . ¦ ¦ ! . j;
I S3&JESI SF" BE^ n nnrn»w VACCTJI DE-
i IWr «lL W\$ nGonATOR^i » cat-.
! a WW BBE1 U) \il nral restorer of loir:
¦ streDrth and riper. It Is the ONXT iceao*
i .wblch will expand and develop the organs, o*s<t
'. with our improved " Perfect " Soluble MedlcatM
(Direct Medication)
' Crayons, will quickly care unnatural losses, strio
! tore, premature <i*;-»v. prnfltatie aSecctons, *tr.
i s*n%. *'<"¦ VARICOCELE • our 1M-
&7«Yd PROVED DEVE1OPEK, enm-
i U^jU bincd with our new patented STJS-
|" >-^ f PE>'SORT and COMrBESSOU,
; £XV c?oM only by bs), will cure even the
; 7^ worst cases. O>n't fail to Investigate tnls.
j f Call or write for new (copyrighted) pro-
~ taaely Illustrated 100-page hoofe,"Health,"
ffor MEX ONXY. Sent securely geal-d
FEEE. «>ur physicians are experienced
and strictly reliaMe specialist:!. Fees
moderate. Treatment given cm 10 d*r*
i trial and approval.
j "^ , HEALTH APPLIANCE CO.,
6 O'FarreM Street. S. F.
! -^^, DON'T RUIfi'
'^^T YOUR EYES.
Ara your glasses soothing and reetful?- 1D0
i they relieve the strain, blurring and tiring of .
! the- eyes? If not. use Geo.-Mayerle's Antiseptic
Eyeglass Wlpnrs. 15c:. 2 tor 25c. German By?-
wat»r makes weak eyea strong, core eyes well.
Rest* tired eyes. By mail 62c. GEO. JUT.
ERL.E. German Expert Optician. 1071 UAR-
KKT STREET. S. F. "
FORTUNE'S FAVORS
Are of your own making. y
Leave your order for our collection
service to call for your laundry bun-
dles and, per se. you've made & for-
tunate move for the success of your
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
1004 MARKET STBEET. *
.--•._ Telephone South, 420.
lEMpL
16 Pages^ SI pep Yea?