SAN: FRANCISCOvh^HURSDAYiVeAPRJL f 21^' 1904:,
y^Av- • - ./..,---.; 1, -.*•>*.,»»* *- ¦«,.'•, •¦¦* . 1 ...... ..... ; v . . -•;•. •. , t i „.¦/>.- ¦ . • ¦ -» . , • ¦_ ¦ • . - , TT " ¦ - . - ¦ t ,
v|ew 4 oftheigreat,:m6untaini,of,.the ai.ps fkom- which ,the avalanches rolled amd map showing the
'. .location .of. the village of grexoiols 'that was partially overwhelmed by the snowsudes. with
: '"-h^avy "loss of' life. •;¦;¦.",'"-."••• ' " . • ¦• - '-. % .
Continued on Page 2, Column. -I,
>f.SAN JUAN," April 20,— The ;" United
States' auxiliary steamship Gloucester,
station ship here, ' sailed : f or \ Santo Do^
mingo'-last " night, • under orders; from
ihe Navy Department. i ¦
Ordered to Santo Domingo.
Boulder Creek Hasa New Mayor.
SANTA CRUZ. April 20.— The Board
of Trustees ¦* of the town of Boulder
Creek organized by selecting- W". H.
Dool as Mayor of the town. Two de
feated candidates filed a protest and
notice of , contest— O. L. McAbee
against Trustee-elect Dan ..Hartmain
and R. L. Seidlinger against Marshal
elect A. C- Clairmount. The . Coun
cil, after listening to legal advice, 're
jected both contests.
Famous Warrior to"-Visit:tIie Fair. 1 ,, ; I
. ¦ ; .WASHINGTON, •; Apr^*:"20.— Major;
General r Peter ...Joseph"; :O8tenh'aus,* otie
of - ifhe ' famous : '- caval ry men ;. ¦ of : 1 1 he
Civil' War, 'will arrive'ih' U^isxity*'from
his present;' home™ infMa"nnheim,''{Ger-'
mahy.VAprilr25rV'He"*wlIltvisit:Presir
, dent • Roosevelt and 'the! World's Fair.
I'OUR HIGHWAYMEN
KOB RUSSIAN TRAIN
Raid Iho Mail Car and Escape. With
Itcpiiblcrcd Ix?ttcn» and Valuables
Worth $50,000
TIFLIS. April 20. — A train on the
trans-Cauca«ia n Railway was held up
between Xovo-Sanakai ana Abashy
by four jnen. who entered the mail car.
after binding the • officials, escaping
with registered letters and valuables
«orth J 60,000.
, STOCKTON, April ,20.^-rHarry.Wil
liains. .'who '"confessed .to -, the"* theft** of
four * horses': and t pleaded \ guilty, to . two
"charges; of i larceny,.' brought :_"against
him,". "was .this^af ternoon sentenced * by
Judge Nutter, to , yearsj in
Queritin " ; on, the ; ' first * charge? and j nine
onl the second, ;whlch}begins* at the ex
pifatiori'of'the- first sentence.-
Sentenced for,. Hone Stealing.
• DRESDEN,. April SO.-^Emil Paur,
the .• musical conductor, signed • a "con
tract \. yesterday to direct : the Pitts
burg Orchestra for the" next three sea
sons in consideration of . JIO^OOO per
season of twenty-five weeksV ; beginning
in October.
Emit Paur Goes to Pittsbnrg.
TOKIO, April 20.— Russian troops to
the number of 100,000 are reported. to, be'
in occupation of Yonggan,' in North
eastern'Korea.,.;. ', ¦;; ."• .* { .' . .
; -A detachment "of; forty "Cossacks' has
appeared t for a'Becond time'at Songjin,
about 160, milesnorth of "Gensan., where
they burned, the Japanese' settlement
and took possesslon'of the post and tel
egraph offices? As there were.no Japa
nese troops present the ; Korean officials
of Songjin • were", friendly to. the
sians.' Another detachment of seyenty-^
five Russian' soldiers 'has advanced. aa
One Hundred Thousand . Troops In
Northeastern Korea. "
POWERFUL RUSSIAN ARMY.
V ENID, Okla.. April 20.— The Citi
zens' Bank, one of the' largest here,
closed its doors to-day. William^Ken
nedy.the president, said that he be
lieved every cent of liabilities would be
paid in full. The failure was caused
by slow collections. "No'statement was
issued. "'¦',
Citizens' Bank Closes Doors.
v '.BERLIN; April. 20.— Miss . Edith Bri
coiit: of: Ncw., % York, , aged/^23^ years,
daughter of i a *. manufacturer, , has • com
mitted .suicide • with ; a . revolver.. ; Ac;
cording *to .the> Lokak ; Anzeiger/. -Miss
Bricont became' engaged ;to:a^ German
engineer,; who ..went \to 'New for
the purpose ,'Of^studying,-. engineering
conditionsr In-.thefUnited -.States.- jThe
engineer,- whose name. is not : given, re
turned to .Berlih.receritly;and wasiim
mediatelyltal^sick.V;The* young i wo*
man, who .came here r with Iher, parents,
arrived "after" th'e^engineer's^death;Vahd
the day'j after »the U.the '« parents
went? to • Wiesbaden.^. She remained : ; in
'the i house |, brother,
promising to meet/her, parentstin Ham^
burs'./ Befpre^the*- tlmeTset; for: her; de
parture^ she''.. viBlted - g the j'grave^ of *; her
dead : loyer.^ She N , returned '] home': over^
cbme^lthf grief "and; ended J life.
The". bullet; pierced' her heart., .!-;;
Edi tli Br icont , ; Danghter of New York
. ManuiacturciyT' Sends.^Bullet
. ThVbugh Her, Heart; . -
LOSS OF . 1/3 VERr DRIVES *
i'OUXG GIRL TO; SUICIDE
COLUMBUS, Ohio, April 20.— For
the third time since the present ses^
sion began the Legislature paused in
its work to pay honor to the late
Marcus A. Hanna. The second week
in January it elected him to a second
term in the Senate. A month later it
adjourned out of respect to his death
and. to attend his funeral and to-day
the two branches met In joint session
to hold formal memorial exercises and
to pay honor to his memory.
For niird Time Legislature Ceases
Labors Out of Respect to Late,
Senator.
MARK HANNA'S MEMORY
IS HONORED IN OHIO
The Perry memorial relief fund was
organized in Tokio on March ; 31, on
the occasion of the fiftieth anniversary
of the signing of the Perry treaty , by
Japan and the United States. The
purpose of the fund is to bring aid to'
destitute families of. Japanese soldiers
and sailors. A number of 'prominent
Japanese and Americans subscribed. to
the fund as soon as the movement was
orffanized:'flHH|ttBHffi^S*i^g%£g
- MANILA; April . 20.— Vicente Luc
ban, who was an active leader of the
insurgents oil the : island of Samar ¦ in
1900, and Cyetano Lucban,. his brother,
who was formerly secretary* of the
Filipino revolutionary junta at'Hong
kong, have been sentenced each to five
years', imprisonment' for. conspiracy . to
overthrow the Government.
Manila Conspirators Sentenced.
Numerous Turkish officials and
Greek. Armenian, Roman Catholic.
Jewish and other priests are honored
guests of the" delegates.
E. K. Warren has been elected presi
dent of the convention.
JERUSALEM, Monday, April 18 (De
layed in transmission).— The world't
fourth Sunday school convention opened
tu-day in a huge tent outside Herod's
gate. Archdeacon Sinclair delivered
the opening sermon, taking for his text
Matthew xxi, 15. The attendance in
cluded S00 Americans and 500 British.
Many other delegates from all quar
ters of the globe were present.
F\>urth World's Sunday School Con
vention Is Held in the Holy
Land.
CHRISTIANS GATHER NE.\R
THE GATES OF JERUSALEM
'•'.The^contract^ bet ween, the society and
the insui*ed;contained no.^provision ab
solving the^society^fronv liability jn^'the
even t t hat : was ; m urde'f ed V by? the
beheficiary, -aricir public "p"oHcy*d6es ; not
require us to_read i such jajcoinditioiy into*
the' agreement.'' "'; :^'l ; . ,-. ...'.. ,'..,
- ; SPRINGFIELD. : 111.,' , April ;20.^--That
a-nian* murders' his -wife '.does;! not '.pre
vent his r ;bein*g^ -a* beneficiary ; under aii
insurance.' policy 'carried • by
cordirrg : ;to 'a decision handed. 'down^ih'
the*-! Supreme Court »in;the% case /of tlie'
Supreme, Lodge of .Knights^ and ,Ladies
of ; Honor; against.' O.livia'.;Menkhauser...
-•-• In ' March'. il893; Elizabeth :Menkhauser
was- \ insured :« in : .the lodge '^for.^SlpOO,"
naming^her thusband.v: as^ - beheficiary.
Within 6lXjmonths;Gustay,Menkha"userv
her, husband,'; who .resided 'Jn 'St. (Clair
Cou'nty.:,murdered • her. .Thei* jury-im
posed the death^penalty, 7 but; executive
clemency. v wasi extended : /ajKU.-Menk-"
hauser's sentence .was commuted 1 ; to i life'
imprisonment. • .-. V..\ •- \%t .;?*;
- Wliile, in Uhepenitentiary.Menkhauscr
brought; suit,' on tlie insurance, policy,
payment- on .which .was/refused/., "-.The
court .the -only : question; at*/, issue
Vas whether.; the; fact it haL Menkhause'r
murdered "• his wife was; a i bar -to : his
su|t,'.but * on ...trial a .verdict . was - re-,
tufnedfoiviienkhauser. : The'court'con
cludes bVYsaying :,.:¦' ....':l. ' '
Special Dispatch : to The Call.
¦^INDIANAPOLIS; ,-; April " 20.—Bitter
ness "between", the .widow, of former
President Benjamin; Harrison .and his
two" children,' ; Russell- Harrison of this
city "and 1 ' Mrs. "McKee "of New York,
w'a? made* manifest' here again to-day.
Probate. , .Commissioner, Walker was
hearir.t?-;the rejiprt.qf. the Union Trust
Company,:- 'General //.Harrison's exec
utor."- r rRussell .Harrison rl objected in
open f court;itO; the/ allowance . of; $139
made{to.hl^ stepmother; for, repapering
the;.HarrlSQn> homestead. "THe . paper
cost,$2!uO a* roll, and declared
the; expehfliture. ,was! extravagant. ; He
alspi objected to $21- for, a water color
decoration": in "the <• house. His < sister,
M rs.'.v McKee, v was • . represented . by an
attorney.'* .'.•/:;";. , ., -
i > Ths X'ominissipner* decided .that wall
paper.at r ;J2;50.a -roll was "extravagant
for . .many hoiT»€s..but k not- for Mrs. Har
rison's.'* '.'.Her -expenditure for ...the
.water 'cplor/ decoration 'also .was ap
proved. . ¦ ' .. «"^^^^^SSi^988
¦;:Russell ; : Harrison represented, his
children.-^vyho;* are ; beneficiaries
their; granfifather*s: will. .-'.The conten
tion . that'? $125,000 r of ; securities . : left » to
the' widow has now; increased to $132,000
arid should be divided was'taken! under
adviseniGiit. ' ' " ¦ '
' Special ' Dispatch' to /The Call.
NEW YORK, April 20. — H. R.
Hertzberg. dramatic editor of the
Evening Journal, was probably fatally
injured to-day by falling nine stories
into an area way of the Morton building.
Hertzberg had been playing billiards
at the Press Club and shortly after he
had started for home his almost life
less body-was found in the basement.
It is supposed that while coming down
the stairs he leaned over the balus
trade and lost his balance. /
Hertzberg is 35 years old and un
married. He came to- New York re
cently from New Orleans.
Dramatic Editor of New York Paper
Seriously Injured in the 3Ior
ton Building.
FALL OF XIXE STORIES
DOES NOT KILL CRITIC
INDIANAPOLIS,' /April 2O.-r Articles,
providing for 'the 'consolidation - of the'
three : Spanish 1 ".-war societies ;': under ' • tlie' 1
name of the United Spanish ; War Vet- ¦
erans have been ! signed.- The * new I so
clety embodies^ sixj hundred _ "camps, ',16-1
cated in j every -.State,'" "Hawaii; •' Porto
Rico and the Phillp'pihes, with almeiS^
bership^ of > 160,000.^ r The' commander in;
chief r Is' : Major r' Harold C;' Megrew.;
Among the members of .the* Council of i
Administration 'are : - Senator ' Charles •
Dick, Ohio;' Governor WihfieldT. ; Dur-:
bin, 'Indiana;' Thomas F." 6',Neil,''SaiV
Francisco, •* and Colonel; •' McClintock.j
Arizona. ' r • ? --" 4 . -V. •'•"•' • ' • ;
Veterans , of*. Late: Action ;, Unite .arid
Major Megrew; Is "Commander :
- . ' •» in Chiefs " - ;
SPANISH WAR. .SOCIETIES. ; . . I
I'V: : ,v.' AJ1E NOWr CONSOLIDATED
pier -President's
• ¦ OluSMppose
i^lWlow;
GW|wafuSilnsur
-^a||io^ife-' i
DOUGLAS, A. T., April 20.—Impor
tant oil discoveries have been made on
the. International line near here. Hun
dreds of people have visited the new
field. Experts who have been on the
ground say the strike bids. fair .to 'be
one of the important ones of the "West.
Already arrangements have been made
to^erect derricks "on the ".fields, and
work will be pushed . extensively until
the country is thoroughly prospected.
Experts Say Discovery Near Mexican
Line May; Be Most Important
,VV In West. TT
FIND OIL. DEPOSITS ~
IX SOUTHERN* ARIZOXA
TOKIO, April 20.— Marquis Ito to
day contributed $760 to the Perry me
morial relief fund. In a letter accom
panying the contribution the Marquis
said:
"Permit me. to express my warmest
sympathy, in this work, which will not
only perpetuate the name • of your
great commodore, who already is
revered and loved here, but which will
also carry home to every one of us,
even the poorest, of :our families, the
traditional friendly feeling of Amer
icans toward our. countrymen.
"This enterprise, • to a certain ex
tent, is interpreted as an endeavor on
the part of those who first introduced
us to Western ideals to lead us fur
ther toward a universal community
and humanitarian principles.. Before
these national frontiers should vanish,
as they will vanish. .
"I sincerely hope that this work. will
be crowned with unprecedented-suc
cess." ¦ ' :.¦¦'..-
Marquis , Expresses His Country's
Friendship for America.
ITO GIVES TO PERRY FUND.
Through the failure of all but three
of the Republican members to attend
the meeting of the House Committee
on Judiciary to-day favorable reports
were authorized on two resolutions in
troduced by Williams, calling for In
formation from the Attorney General.
WASHINGTON, April 20. — At a
meeting to-day of the House Judiciary
Committee Williams of Mississippi, the
minority leader, charged that the At
torney General had failed in his duty
to conduct criminal prosecutions
against those declared by the Supreme
Court tn the merger decision to have
violated the anti-trust law, and also
had failed to institute legal proceed
ings against the anthracite coal car
riers, although the Attorney General
had in his possessions a report favor
able to prosecutions of these railroads.
Sa.T»i Attorney General Has Failed in
His Duty in Connection With the
Merger Cat«.
WILLIAMS CHARGES KXOX
WITH NEGLECT OF DUTY
MURDERER
TO PROFIT
BY CRIME
HARRISON'S
HEIRS WAR
IN COURT
aster; hoping to save some, of "the
buried miners.
GENEVA, Switzerland, April
so.— After three days of contin
uous rains many avalanches and
landslides have occurred in the
neighborhood of the Simplon
Pass. At Gringiols an avalanche
buried twenty persons and five
houses.. .)'¦,.
Lieutenant, Boy.d 'said- there /was, not
more than ,500, 'negrbe^ramong. the^3p,
000 men in .the | n'ayy . and' the' "number
was gradually, decreasing^ -' „ - »' . ¦
NEW ORLEANS. : April 20.— Several
negroes who applied "for, admission into
the United .States, navyj through »th'«;
recruiting office , recently established^In' 1
this city, were; jnbt, •.wanted in ; any'
capacity. ' , , •, . ". '. ¦ ".-'/¦
Lieutenant Boydj , the recruiting -offi-j
cer, j explained" that, .'he! had been in-'
structed by the, department .^to^ enlist;
only the most [desirable .me^n and v he;
did not considerj'njegro'eScor.'the^most
desirable classV>/Hefritirnate(i*.th'at"'the{
exclusion df ' the^heg'roes' { was" on ¦,-his]
own responsibility, .but there Js-'goodf
reason to 1 . believe ; * recruiting,/, officers)
have received "'a '.quiet '"tip" th'at.^th'e'
department' is ;not s T J^esirous 'of ."enlist-]
ing any^mbre negroes. . * ..' . ' . . .;
Special to -The Call
In the opinion Judge Hanecy de
clared it to be "against the fundamen
tal laws and the common sense and
common policy of the people of Chi
cago, with its population of over 2,000,
000, abundantly able to supply com
petent help for any office, to say that
some department or any department
should be permitted to go to New York
or any other place to get employes to
perform services to be paid for by the
taxpayers of Chicago."
CHICAGO. April 20.— In a sweeping
opinion as to the eligibility of non
residents to become public officials in
this city, Judge Elbridge Hanecy. In
the Superior Court, to-day decided
against the certification of. Charles B.
Hall of New York, who was appointed
chief sanitary Inspector of this city by
the Chicago Civil Service Commission.
Instead Perry L. Hedrick of Chicago
is ordered to be certified to the office.
Judge Hanecy Decides Windy City Is
Large Enough to Provide Its
Own Officials.
NON-RESIDENTS CANNOT
HOLD OFFICE IN CHICAGO
PedeM^Kptlng
liUHiifflli
Color Line.
BLACK MEN
ARE BARRED
FROM NAVY
CHICAGO. April 20. — Heavy storms
prevailed in several States in the Mid
tflle West to-day. Reports tell of much
damage to fruit and early spring prod
ucts. Railroad and streetcar traffic
was impeded and telegraph and tele
phone communication interrupted.
At St. Louis blizzard conditions pre
vailed and six inches of snow was
measured. The horse racing and the
baseball game scheduled for this after
noon were called off. At the World's
Fair grounds it was said that the only
trouble occasioned by the storm would
.be in delaying the work of preparing
for the opening on April 30.-^ The dif
ficulties, however, may be overcome by
increasing the force of workmen.
It is reported from Kansas City that
a light snow was accompanied by a de
cided fall in temperature in North
western Missouri. Throughout Kansas
there was a heavy rain, an inch of
*£ter falling.
Dispatches received in Louisville re
port a heavy snowfall and injury to
crops in Western Kentucky. At Bowl
ing* Green. Madisonvllle and Hender
y-u : )). temperature reached the freez
ing: point.
Nearly an inch and a half of rain
has fallen tn Eastern Nebraska in the
last eighteen hours. The temparture
remained above the freezing point and
it is believed the fruit crop escaped""
injury.
Evansville. Ind.. reports that four
inches of snow has fallen and the
damage to orchards, gardens and
farms will be great. The snowfall
>"was general throughout Southern In
diana.
OSWEGO. N. Y.. April 20. — A furi
ous snowstorm with high winds and
low temperature was raging in this
section to-day. Blizzard conditions
prevail throughout Northern New
York.
MONTPELIER. Vt., April 20. — Cen
tral and Northern Vermont are snow
covered as the result of a storm which
begun last night and still prevailed to
<Suy. The mercury stands at zero.
f pedal Dispatch to The Call
"'According to dispatches from Gen
eral Mistchenko, Japanese ships wera
also' seen "near Souchou.' "
ST. PETERSBURG, April 20.— What
may turn out to be the expected flank
ing" movement of the Japanese troops
is the appearance of a number. of Jap
enses ships. off Potansa, near the Gulf
of Chingtaitse, as reported to the^Em
peror to-day by General Kuropatkin.
Military experts here have long regard
ed that vicinity as the probable point
of disembarkation of the second Jap
anese expedition. It is not far away
from Takushan (twelve miles to the
east) and connects by road with Port
Arthur . (150 miles j to the southwest)
and Fengwangcheng (fifty miles, to the
northwest) where the Russians , will
make their first obstinate resistance.
Though the Japanese are building ln
trenchments on the .Yalu, it is believed
that they will advance soon. .The ar
rangements "for a turning movement
are complete and experts say that such
a move, could properly begin at Taku
shan.' as ' Fengwangcheng lies at the
angle of an equilateral triangle, with
Takushan 'and the mouth of the Yalu
<as. angles at;the base of;the triangle. .
The Japanese embarkation undoubt
edly will be, covered by warships/; and
this, Russia nsVre^osnize *ihat/lt\will' be
impossible .to prevent it. * -7~--/.r-
V We" will strike after they have land
ed," grimly, said a member of the gen
eral staff. •
General Kuropatkin is aware 'of the
strategic importance of the vicinity of
Takushan. and it is understood that he
has made arrangements accordingly.
General „ Kuropatkln's report to the
Emperor is as follows:
"General Kashtalinsky reports as fol
lows on April 19:
*' 'All is" quiet on the, Yalu. .The Jap
anese are throwing up intrenchments'
opposite Golutsky. and. farther to the
north. The numbers of .'Japanese
troops are increasing. They are con
centrating at " Wiju and .,* spreading
toward the north along the Yalu. \
"".'Cossack sentinels have observed
the lights of Japanese transports near
Chingtaitse, opposite the village of Po
tansa, twenty-five versts west of.'Ta
tungkau.' The vessels were anchored
at a distance of fifty versts from the
shore/ " • .V
. SEATTLE. Wash.. April • 20. —
Thomas Thornton went to Alaska a
poor man, leaving a loving wife and
two small children In-Seattle. To-day
he appeared in a Justice Court to
answer a charge of burglary, preferred
by his wife, who had obtained a di
vorce during his absence' and married
Joseph Allenby. Mrs. Thornton (or
Allenby) failed to* appear and the
case was dismissed.
Thornton did not communicate with
his wife regularly after he went to
the gold fields, and she, after trying to
get trace of him, concluded he was
dead and got a divorce. Later she
married. Allenby. . .. ;£r£;
When Thornton returned to Seattle
recently he had a big bank account
and calculated on giving his wife and
children a pleasant surprise. He suc
ceeded in astonishing her, but she
told him coldly that he had better go
away. He did so, but returned with
many toys for his children. The next
day he went again to the house and
had another talk with his ex- wife. It
appears that he wanted to inquire
into the regularity of the marriage.
What passed between" them 'is .'not,
known, but 'later Thornton was ar
rested on a' charge Of burglary, made
by his former wife. Thornton did not
go near the house after getting out on
bail, but appeared in court to-day, and
as Mrs. Allenby did not show up the
case was dismissed.
Epecial Dispatch to Ths Call.
Six Inches of Snow Checks Progress
of Work on the Exposition
Grounds at St. Louis.
Czar's Frontier Army Powerless to
Prevent Movement Which Places It
Between Two Large Forces.
Presents for Children Spurned and
Dejected Spouse Is Charged With
Burglary.
Invasion of Manchuria Is
I Begun at a Point Near
Takushan.
Seattle Man Returns to
Find Wife Married to
Another.
April Zephyrs Cause Great
"Damage to- Orchards
and Gardens.
Heavy Snowfall in
States Beyond*
the Rockies.
Warrant oi Arrest
Absent Husband's
Greeting.
Army Debarking in
Rear of Russian
81 Position.
BROWN MEN
LAND WEST
OF THE YALU
BLIZZARDS
RAGING IN
THE EAST
One Hundred Men
Entombed Near
Preglato.
Sliding Earth De
molishes Homes
in Grengiols.
TURIN, Italy, April- 20. —
About 100 miners have been
N buried by an immense avalanche
near- the village of Preglato. A
violent storm is sweeping over
that locality, and- it, is feared that
other avalanches may result. The
whole population of the village
and a detachment of forty soldiers
have gone to the scene of the dis-
ALPINE AVALANCHES BURY MINERS
AND PARTIALLY DESTROY A TOWN
GOLD FAILS
TO REVIVE
LOST LOVE
VOLUME XCV— NO. U3.
TXT WEATKMU^ V*~.£
Forecast made at San rran
cisco lor thirty hours endlne at
miOnlrht April 21. 1304:
San Trancisco and vicinity—
ralr Thursday; light north
winds, changing 1 to fresh west
erly. A. O. SCcASXE, .
District rorecaster.
' "t THX ? TXZATZB*. '
Alcti tx - — ' "Th • ' •"• r rliky 2€r ¦. '
: Johnioa." , . . - *
California — "The Greatest Tfclnr
* In the < World.? luwwwtMij*** r-iH"*
• Centrnl — "The White Squadron."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Runntaar for OfHce."
Fischer '¦ — "Chow • Chow."
Grand — "Holty Toity."
Majeitic— "The Crisis."
! Orpheum— Vaudeville. --. Matia«e '
To-Pay. aaso^eiSjsiiwtofctiBBe
; Tlvoll — "The Begrgrar Student."
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.Do not accept a substitute for "Hills
Bros.' 'Arabian Roast. - '"•'•";•
GllAND RAJ'IDP. Huh., April 'JO.— The Jury
In the case of State KenaXor Iievld E. Burnn,
chared with ha.vin«r accepted a bribe of J2«0
for aidinc the Lake Mk hlean water deal In
the mate Legislature, . brought In a verdict of
not guilty. » •
Carlos Dissolves Parliament,
LISBON, April 20.-^-Owing to'r.he
obstructive tactics adopted s by f the op
position ' party, in j; the Cot the
budget ' and ¦ the ; army- recruiting - bill.
King Carlos' has "dissolved 'Parliament,'
ST. LOUIS, April 20.— A telegram has been
received by Miss Irene Catlln, ; dauehtrr of
Daniel Catlln, .'from Miss; Alice Roosevelt,
accepting Mtsa Catlin's , invitation to be ' her
truest during the latter part of May and attend
the World's Fair •^^OH^TOTOSiglHBWgTjfiStte
Reports I^audlns Near Ncwchwanjj.
LONDON. April 20. — A dispatch U>
the Central New* from St. Petersburg
says it is reported that a Japanese
force has landed near Newchwang. .
Drummers for "Old Gilt Edge" whiskey al
ways have "the best tb«s town affords." They
carry It with them. In fact. . .' . ; » •¦¦*,
At' Curtis' Exchange, 22 Sutter street,
Black : Oak, • Boule, Marqueterle, Mahog
anies and Ceramlcs.areisome of .the good
things in the,: collection. - . E. Curtis con
ducts the sale, which begins at 2 o'clock. •
Art. Auction- This Afternoon.
Winter Grain Above the Average.
BERLIN, April 20.— rOmcial reports
say the condition of winter grain /in
Prussia on April 15 was a shade above
the average. , -
CHICAGO, April 20.— The, Jury in
thejease of Emil' Roeski, . last of.
the carbarn /bandits,'*; returned a ver-'
diet of guilty' to-day, i The penalty
fixed is cohflnementin the penitentiary
f or! . life. -The ; guilt of J Roeski , was
established . upon , the, first . ballot, ' but
hours lof ' argument among 'the jurors
ensued before the punishment was'de
termined; upon: V^
. - Roeski was of \ the , killing
of Otto ; Bauder 'during, the robbery of
a saloon on the* night of July'9. "¦*¦'. '-,';._'
, , ' Roe'ski's brothers, "Otto and Herman,
werej later arrafgneds on a 'charge, of,
conspiring' to aid the bandit to 'escape.
Emll RoeskI Is Found Guilty of Kill
' Ing Otto Bauder In Chicago
Last July.
LAST OP CARBARN .
BANDITS IS CONVICTED
President Plaza has appointed Pablo
Adrado to be honorary Consul at San
Francisco.
Prrfdent Plaza of Ecuador Makes Ap
pointuient of Interest to
Tills City.
GUAYAQUIL, Ecuador. April 20. —
PABLO A OKA I>O HONORARY
-CONSUL TO SAN FRANCISCO
PORT ARTHUR, Tuesday, April 19.
It Is persistently asserted that a Jap
anese cruiser was sunk off Port Arthur
on April 15 and that the Japanese ar
mored cruisers Nisshin and Kasuga
were damaged, respectively below and
above the water line.
• ?
Will « Honor Vercstchaffin's Mcmorv.
ST/ PETERSBURG. April 20.— The
Academy of Fine Arts proposes to
< reate n free scholarship 1n memory of
Verestchagin. the painter, who lost 'hie
life at the time of the Petropavlovsk
disaster.
Claim a Cruiser Was Sunk.
LOS ANGELES. April 20. — A dis
patch from Idyllwild, Riverside
County, states that a fire which start
ed this afternoon destroyed the sani
tarium at that place, together with a
number of surrounding . buildings j
and residences, with a total loss off
$50,000. The Idyllwild Sanitarium^
was one of the largest In Southern^
California and was erected a few. years
ago at a cost exceeding $50,000.
The, real work of the day completed,
Charles F. Lummis made the speech
of "the day , on' the story he knows so
well.* Addresses were made by G. El
lery, Superintendent ot Public, High
ways, find by G.Ey on behalf of .- the
farmers, both of which . were enthusi
astically received.
The executive committee met at the
conclusion of the : discussion and elect
ed as permanent officers: A. P. Flem
ing, president; Mrs. Caroline Rickey
Olney, secretary; Oscar C. , Mueller,
treasurer; Mrs. A. C Forbes and W.
C. Bacon, auditing committee.
Adjournment was , then taken amid
a mutual, love feast- 'twixt .the north
and south. Long may It. live!
The convention was called to order
at 10 o'clock by Temporary Chairman
A.' P. Fleming, and the committees ap
pointed on credentials, resolutions and
permanent organization made .their re
ports. On permanent organization the
snag of the convention occurred, be
cause herein the working power of the
whole -organization is centered. Much
eloquence . burst forth on the clause of
eligibility to membership to the Camino
Real Association, in which Charles F.
Lummis, the .leader in landmark af
fairs in the south, took a leading
part. ' .
The knot was finally untied by the
'agreement to Lummis' motion to ac
cept individual membership at $2 per,
and organizations at a rate to be de
cided upon -by the executive commit
tee about to. be formed. /Three.mem
bers were delegated to appoint the
committee. They returned with the fol
lowing names: • ,
A. P. Fleming, Los Angeles; Mrs. A.
C Forbes, Los Angeles; J. R. Know
land, Alameda; Dr.'.Millbank John
son, Los Angeles; Mrs. Lillian Fergu
son, San Francisco; J. T. .Richards,
Santa Barbara; George Arnott, < Los
Angeles; Gail Borden, Los Angeles;
Charles F. Lummis, Los Angeles; Os
,car Mueller, Los Angeles; R. P. Jen
nings, San Francisco; W. A. Spauld
ingv San Diego; Frank Ey, Santa Ana;
Mrs. Weinstock, Sacramento; Mrs.
Laura Bride Powers, San Francisco;
W. R. Bacon, Los Angeles; William J.
Varlel, Los Angeles; Senator Benja
min' T. . Hahn, Pasadena. .
SANTA BARBARA, April 20.— The
first Camino Real: convention at Santa
Barbara has ended. "To-day at 1:30 the
fall of the gavel brought to a close one
of the most important communal en
terprises ever entered upon by any
State. It was patriotism. The men and
women at the convention were there
because the cause was dear to them, a
vital thing that appealed to them.
Special ; Dispatch ¦ to The Call.
WASHINGTON,' 'April 20.— The Sen- 1
ate to-day listened to a set speech of
almost two hours' i. on, tho :
trusts by Senator *Dol*Hver and after
ward completed "consideration of' the
sundry, civil appropriation bill,, again
devoting much time to the ', provisions
for an extension of the east front of
the Capitol and for an additional office
building for the Senate. /,
Dolliver referred to the attitude of
the Democratic party toward the tariff,
saying that for the first time in our
national history since 1868 the policy of
protection stands approved, its enemies
themselves being the Judges, by the
common consent of the American peo
ple. He defended Republican policies
from the charge that they fostered
trusts, and said:
"There is only one sense in which the
protective tariff can be held responsible
for. the trusts, that is that without the
protective tariff there would have been
fewer industries to combine and there
fore fewer combinations." .
He declared that the effect of the
abolition of the tariff would be to turn
our markets and our industries over
to other nations. Dolliver, in closing,
said:' . '
"We approach this Presidential cam
paign united In the bonds of our his
toric faith. We did not originate it;
we Inherited it- from our fathers. If
changes are required to bring the tariff
law of 1897 into a more perfect relation
to the industrial progress of the Ameri
can: people, we propose to make them
ourselves whenever in our judgment
the work can be undertaken without
doing more harm, } than good, but we
shan not consent to any change which*
surrenders the rights of American la
bor,, which every; man- who makes, a
bona fide investment of his .money in
the United States ought to have over
his, competitors iri( other lands." .;
Consideration of the sundry civil bill
was resumed, the, immediate .question
being. an amendment for an office and
committee building for the Senate.
Stone and Stewart . supported 5 the
amendment and Newlands advocated a
postponement of the entire question
until it could be investigated by archi
tects. The amendment was agreed to.
The provision for, an. addition to the
east.front of * the Capitol . inserted by
the 'House and amended by the Senate
Committee on Appropriations was dis
cussed. Allison offered an amendment,
which was adopted,* limiting the Imme
diate appropriation . to | $75,000. The
amendment appropriating $71,000 as. the
share of the United: States of the cost
of the building to be erected In Wash
ington for the Bureau of -American
Republics Was adopted. \ • • ." '(¦
Senator Bacon offered and the Senate
accepted an amendment appropriating
$50,000 for the erection in % Washington
of a statue to Jefferson. He said he
desired to have the provision inserted
"as an antidote to : the provision for
the statue of Frederick the Great," and
he asked to have the provision insert
ed immediately after the paragraph re
lating to Frederick, .which was done. ;
The sundry ; civil , appropriation • bill
was then passed as amended. ,
The members of the ' Harriman party
are: James ( Stlllman, member of -the
executive board of the Southern Pacific
and president — of .-the -National City
Bank of New York; William . Rocke
feller Jr., Whitney Warren, James N.
-Hill, W.B. S Thorn, Walter Goelet,
Mr. Farrcr of the firm of Baring Bros.,
Julius Kruttschnitt. W. F. Herrin, W.
B. Markham, W. F. Sproule, Epes
Randolph and a number of private sec
retaries to the above named gentle
men.
IMPERIAL, Cal., April 20. — Presi
dent E. H. Harriman, General Man
ager Kruttschnitt, Superintendent
Ingram and other Southern -' Pacific
officials arrived here this morning. The
visit is regarded here as further evi
dence that some important railroad
move Is contemplated.
Grading teams on the Calexlco road
are being laid off and tracklaying was
stopped within -two miles of Calexlco.
Surveyors are reported to have orders
to make a survey south of the Inter
national line to Yuma, and possibly to
the Gulf of California. . " " ¦ : ¦
LOS ANGELES. April 20. — E. H.
Harriman and party arrived in Los
Angeles at 10 o'clock. to-night on a
special train from Arizona.. Stops
were made to-day at Imperial, Cal.,
where an inspection was made of the
Southern Paciflc's branch line now
building between Imperial and'Calex
icc, and at Redlands. At the latter
place several hours were spent In
sightseeing.
Harriman had retired when his train
arrived in Los Angeles to-night and
could not be seen. Julius Kruttschnitt
represented Harriman and Informed all
newspaper men that Harriman's visit
to Los Angeles and the gathering of
high officials of the Harriman roads in
this city to-morrow had no special
significance, and that no meeting of
importance is to be held here.
"All the" members of Mr. Harriman's
party, with the exception of one or
two," said KruttEchnitt, "are strangers
to California, and they are very anx
ious to see as much of the country as
possible during their short visit. To
morrow will be devoted to sightseeing.
We expect to leave some time to-mor
row night for San Francisco.
"Mr. Harriman is enjoying the best
of health and is greatly pleased with
the looks of Southern California. The
rains of the past few days have been
a'blessing to the country. We arrived
at Redlands thfs afternoon, Just after
a refreshing shower, and I have never
seen the country look more inviting.
The members of Mr. Harriman's party
are the most enthusiastic admirers of
California I have had the pleasure of
traveling with."
Kruttschnitt would not discuss rail
road matters. ' .
The first session was held at Congre
gational Hall at 9 o'clock. The subject
was medicine and therapeutics. The
leaders were Drs. H. C. Moffitt and
Clark J. Burnham of San 1 Francisco,
F. R. Burnham pf San Diego, George
L. Cole of Los Angeles, J." C. King of
Banning. Healed and quiescent pul
monary tuberculosis, with remarks on
pleural tubercles,- was ably set forth
by George Blumer and A. J. Lartigan
of San Francisco. The discussion was
opened by George L. Cole of Los
Angeles on a paper on "The Role of the
General Practitioner in the Prevention
of Consumption," by F. M. Pottenger
of Los Angeles. A paper was read On
"Hydrotherapy in Rheumatism," by A.
J. Sanderson of San Francisco. ¦
This opened up considerable discus T
sion on. the action of heat and cold
upon the skin. ,No authorities were
cited. Pediatrics was discussed by Drs.
J. Maher of Oakland, J. H. Seymour of
Los Angeles, W. B. Levitt and G. R.
Starr of San Francisco. In a paper, on
"Vaccination and the Widespread
Prejudice Against* Vaccination, Its
Cause and How to Prevent It," by Ed
ward von Adelung of Oakland, this sub
ject was very cleverly handled. . *
The afternoon session was. divided,
one session being held In the
ladles' parlor of , the hotel while the
other was held in the large hall. Pri
vate diseases were taken up by, Drs.
Dudley Tait, J. C. Spencer and George
Chlsmore of San Francisco; Philip
Newmark of Los Angeles and Granvlllc
MacGowan of Los Angeles. The dls-,
cussion was opened on the different
subjects by Drs. George Goodfellow.M.
Krotoszyner, E. E. Kelly. W. P. Wil
lard, George L. Eaton and R. L. Rig
don, all of San Francisco. Dr/ Ralph
Williams of Los Angeles, and Drs. A.
B. Grosse, D. W, Montgomery, Howard
Morrow and A. P. Woodward of San
Francisco, spoke on "Cutaneous Dis
eases." In the car, nose and throat
section a. paper was presented on
"Tonsilitis as the Portal of In
fection," by M. W. Fredericks r of San
Francisco; discussion opened by P.
King Brown of San Francisco. On a
paper oh "Post-Operative Effects of
Tonsllotomy," by W. B. Stephens -of
San Francisco, discussion was opened
by W. H. Roberts of Pasadena. . \
The use of collodium after nose oper
ations was demonstrated by Kaspar
Pischel of San Francisco. ¦ '
The evening session was devoted to
the election of officers and the selection
of thu next place of meeting, which
probably will- be Riverside. • ¦
PASO ROBLES, April 20.— The mem
bers of the State Medical Society are
hard at w6rk on the different methods
of fighting diseases. There are pres
ent about 300 physicians, with their
wives, domiciled at the springs hotel.
The different committees are preparing
their reports and discussing the diffi
cult diseases and treatises.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Camino Real Convention
Has a Lively Time Over
Question of Membership
PRINCESS' CREDITORS
LOSE IX COURT ACTION
Suit Over Queen Henrietta's Fortune
Results In Victory for Stephanie
and Louise.
BRUSSELS, April 20.— The court to
day delivered judgments against the
creditors of Princess Stephanie and
Louise, daughters of King Leopold] who
sought to obtain a larger share of the
late Queen; Marie Henrietta's fortune
than decided upon by the King, and
condemned them to pay the costs of
the action. It was held that the act
of March 18 was a. diplomatic treaty
and that subsequently the late Queen's
property became subject to the prin
ciple of separate estates.
Passes Upon Election Point.
SAN JOSE, April 20. — In an official
oplriion to-day District Attorney
Campbell holds that transferred en
tries on the great register, from
county to city precincts may be made
up to within twenty-ftve days of the
coming city election.
SEOUL. April 20.— The Japanese au
thorities here admit that constant skir
mishing has occurred between the op
posing: armies on the Yalu River, but
they claim that no decisive action has
taken place ud to date, although news
of such an engagement is expected At
any moment. It Is estimated that the
Russians now have 50,000 men on the
Yalu River.
Japanese Officials Admit Skirmishes
Are Frequent on the Yalu.
EXPECT .NEWS OF BATTLE.
PARIS, April 20.— The correspondent
of the Temps at Constantinople, says
that on the occasion of the last audi
ence which Russian Kmt>assadof Zino
vieff had with the Sultan, he insisted
on the payment of the $1,000,000 long
due to Sussia for arrears of the Turko-
Rusnian war indemnity. Such a de
mand, at such a moment, the dispatch
adds. !oads to the belief that Russian
diplomacy is preparing the way for
other demands.
Russia Demands Payment of Arrears
on War Indemnity.
CROWDING ABDUL HAMID.
Dolliver Says in Only One In
stance Are Combinations
Due to Protective Tariff
Doctors Consider a Wide
Range of Subjects in Con
vention at Paso Ilobles
Railroad Magnate Says His
Mission Is ¦' Solely One of
Sightseeing and Pleasure
ELIGIBILITY
STIRS DEBATE
SENATOR TALKS
ABOUT TRUSTS
HARRIMAN SEES
SONNY SOUTH
NEW THEORIES
ARE DISCUSSED
CROCKETT, April 20. — The Stock
ton steamer Mary Garratt, which was
injured by striking the wharf at the
sugar refinery near this place on Mon
day evening, lies In a precarious con
dition on the opposite side of the
bay.
The boat, is evidently badly dam
aged, as she has -made no effort to
proceed. . The steamer was on her
regular trip to \ Stockton when she
struck the wharf. A hole was stove in
the side of the boat and her machinery
was disabled.
Machinery of Stockton Boat Dam
aged by Striking Wharf at
Sugar Refinery.
STEAMER MARY GARRATT
DISABLED AT CROCKETT
Both pleaded guilty. Otto was re
leased, but Herman was given an In
determinate term In the penitentiary.
Purchase of American Vessels.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 20. — In
regard to the reported purchase by
Russia of four ships in the United
States, it is now said that the deal
was negotiated in Constantinople by
General Williams, the agent of a Phil
adelphia shipbuilding firm, and Rus
sian Embassador to Turkey Zinovieff.
VLADIVOSTOK, April 20. — Captain
Essen of the Russian cruiser Novik,
commander of the squadron here, has
issued an order of the day, referring
to the death of Vice Admiral Maka
roff, in which he attributes the loss of
the Petropavlovsk to the battleship
having touched a mine, adding:
"The ways of the Almighty are in
scrutable. Every war demands such
sacrifices as this, which has deprived
the fleet of an experienced fighting
commander, his whole staff and the
crew of the Petrooavlovek and the
battleship itself. But such is the will
of God. Everlasting honor to those
who were lost! They fell as heroes,
but the war will raise up heroes who
will take their places. Let us have
fortitude and place our trust in the
Lord and we shall never be confound
ed."
Order Issued by Cruiser Novlk's Com
mander at Vladivostok.
REFERS TO MAKAROFF'S DEATH.
CONTACT MINES TAT SEA.
Navigation Imperiled in the Vicinity
of Cape Shantung. ' . .
NAGASAKI, April ' 20. — Contact
mines have been •'found floating sea
ward forty mile's "from Cape Shantung.
Three of them were , discovered and
destroyed by , the Japanese fleeL i<
Cape Shantung ia a headland on 'the
Chinese coast, ..bearlngr east-southeast
and about twenty-five miles 1 distant
from Weihaiwei, the British j naval
rendezvous oh the China station. > j
COSSACKS FIGHT BANDITS.
Seventy- Four Brigands Bayoneted . in
. a Fierce Combat. :
ST.^ PETERSBURG, April 2O. T -
Word reached ¦ here to-day of a fight
between Cossacks and . Chunchus,
thirty versts from Imyanpo, a station
on the Eastern Railway. The fight,
which was a fierce one while it last
ed, was over in a half hour. Seventy
four of the. brigands were bayonptPd,
while the Cossacks escaped With two
men slightly wounded.
far south as Pukcheng from Songjin. ',
SEOUL. April 20. — The Japanese
Consul at Wonsan telegraphs that a
Buddhist priest is. the only Japanese
who remained . at Songjin, on Plaksin
Bay, in the northeast of Korea, it
which place the Russians are reported
to have burned the Japanese residences
and to have destroyed other property
belonging to Japanese. There is no tele
graphic communication with the'Song-
Jin districL The further movements of
the Russian scouting parties are,' not
known.
PARIS, April 21.— The SL Petersburg
correspondent of the Journal says a
friend of General Kuropatkin has re
ceived a letter from him, in which th«
general says he intends to await the
arrival of another hundred thousand
men before risking a battle with tha
Japanese.
The correspondent of the Echo de
Paris at SL Petersburg says that In
the course of an audience between the
Emperor and Vice Admiral Skry-Jloff,
his Majesty conferred upon the ad
miral full power to act at Port Arthur
in accordance with the necessities of
the moment.
The rumor that 510,000,000 in
went down with the battleship Petro
pavlovsk. thrf correspondent siys, is
declared to be unfounded.
PARIS, April 20. — A dispatch to the
Temps from SL Petersburg sayv that
previous to the last attempt made by
the Japanese to close the harbor of
Port Arthur the Russian fleet, while
making a reconnoissance, sighted four
ships oft* "the Miaotao Islands, flying
the British flag. After the attempt,
when the fire of the warships and the
forts had sunk' the vessels used by
the Japanese, the Russians recognized
the sunken hulks as the British ships
they had previously seen off the
islands.
Alleged Trickery Preceding Attempt
i to Block Port Arthur.
FT. PETERSBURG. April 20.—Re
port? from LJaoyang eay Grand Dukj)
Cyri' is progressing favorably, but that
the doctors will not allow him to start
on his long journey to St. Petersburg
for several days.
The report from LJaoyang concerning
Grand Duke Cyril put at rest the cir
cumstantial interview printed this
morning by the London Daily Mail. It
was alleged \o *have been had yester
day at Harbin with Grand Duke Cyril,
who wrs said to be en route to St.
Petersburg.
»
JAPANESE USE BRITISH FLAG.
Cyril's Physicians Will Detain Him at
I.iao.vnnc for Several Days.
"According to official reports, all has
been quiet at Port Arthur and Tinkow
and on lbs Talu River during the* last
few days. There is no further change
in the general situation to report."
«
GRAND DUKE CUPROY1NO.
ST. PETERSBURG. April 20.— It Is,
reported that a plot haf Been^ di?c»V
ered to blow up warship* nou'.beink
constructed here. Infernal machines.
It is said, have been fouhdj near th«
cruisers Almaz and Jontcnuz. Japan
ese spies, it is reported,; have been
taken into custody, having* been found
near tae battleship Borodino. .;
The general staff has tsued.the. .fol
lowing statement:
Eppcia! Dhctttcfc to Th+ Can. .
The writer says that the Chinese
Government is in sympathy with Ja
pan, but that It has begun to express
this sympathy more cautiously. He
adds that the Chinese in the United
States have sent to the Peking Gov
ernment large sums of money to be
used in the reorganization of the army
and navy, and that, ostensibly because
of a desire to become acquainted with
old Mongolian weapons,- the Japanese
are supplying Mongolian hunters with
modern rifles.
The Birscherlya VleComosti pub
lishes thi6 morning a letter from its
correspondent at Peking. In which it
is said that the confidence of the Chi
nese Government in the success of the
Japanese arms, is shown by the re
(juest of Yang Shu. the Chinese Min
ister at Tokicr, that the Japanese Gov
ernment, direct the commanders of the
troops to preserve the imperial palaces
and tombs at Mukden from desecration
ar.d destruction.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 21.— The
correspondenX .cf -the J^ovostl in a let
ter from Port Arthur dated March 27
rayB that ihe crulser.Pallada "will soon
pe entirely ready, and^- work is pro
p-^ssing on . the battleships Retvizan
and Cesarevitch, , which, however, are
not yet ready to go. to sea." (
The writer sars 'that on March 22
the Retviian fired 'six' shells at a Jap
anese torpedo-boat, all of which took
effect, resulting in the sinking: of the
boa*.-." ; : t& ¦¦:- - : .
Wants 100,000 More
Men Before Begin
ning Operations.
Says a Torpedo-Boat
\ Was Sunk by the
; Retvizan.
Kuropatkin Is Still
Clamoring for Re
inforcements.
Japanese Spies Said to
Have Been Taken
Prisoner. '
Internal Machines En
danger Czar's New
Cruisers.
Port Arthur Writer
Tells of a Japan
ese Los .
CONSPIRACY TO BLOW UP RUSSIAN WARSHIPS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, APRIU 21; 1904.
Continued From Page 1. Column 3:
Flanking Movement in
Manchuria Is
Japanese Landing \ in
Rear of Slavs on
the Yalu.
2
DE. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
Will You Help A Sick Friend?
WHy Book For Kim Now
'Send me no monnr. ¦
Only tell i»e which book t* send.
Xou rmtMy know of some one who is sicV Mime
sufferer who »ill be CTaleful for the help rnr book ofVrs.
Aad (hat book tells of ¦ way «o help. Tells ol a war
«« erruin that I. as ¦ phrsif wn. nffer that help on trial.
The book telli how (or io wan in liospiuU and at bed-
¦ides I aearcbed tor a way to cure deep-seated and diffi-
cult diseases. It tells hem I nerfecied my prescription
—Dr. Shoop's Reitorative. How by scientific expert.
iMtst I traced out the causes that brirc on chronic dis-
Ifoand btvarkbty that where there was a weakness.
the inside nerves were weak. Where tliere was a lack
oi viulitr that the viul nerves lacked power. W here .
mnk orcans were found. I always found weak nerves.
Not the nerves commonly thought of. but the vital ©r-
t»n»' ner*es, the inside--r>»e mvuible een-es.
This wa« a revelation. Then my real success betan.
Then I combined irtfirdirnU that would utrenrthen.
¦ Oil t would viuliie these nei>es. Tliat prescription I
called a restorative. It is known the world over now as
Or. Shoop's Restorative. After that I did not fait to
cure ooe case in each hundred. In die estremely diffi-
cult ca»rs my faikirers Jor five years were one in each
forty creates. I found cancer incurable. Oncer u
tor Mntery, not medicine.
Then how to ret this prescription to skV on« every*
where was my thoufht. I must announce it in tht
public press. But, thought 1. will liter reallit tht
truth <A my discovert— the teal power o( [Dr. Shoop's
KesiorativeF Then a way came to me— like an tnsptra-
ti»n. "1 wiil offer it to the sick on trial. Then they
will know I am sincere." . J. - • /•_
1 wroU a reliable druexist in each city and village ia
America. They a«reed »o co-operate with roe.
Now by anv sick one
Dr. Shoop's Restorative
Can be taken on trial. For • full month 1 will let yoa
use il entirely at my risk • ...
Send no money, .last wnte me lor the book yoa
need. Ui^n 1 send ft 1 will trll you of a drurrUt near
by who will permit tl« month's triaL Use «h« Kestors-
?i« aWmth Then decide. If vo» say to the druorxt
"Itdid not help me." that will ¦ relieve you of any e«-
pens* wliatever: He will bill the cost to me
Thi« U my way of cleariiw your mind o( all doubts as
to what I>r. Snoop's Restorative can do. • No matter
k-ow preiudiced, »-o* cannot dupute Om «bsoUit« secur-
hy I offer. Yo« canwot resist an offer hkt this if you
* Vyo^HnVa weakness, write me II yon can't de
tbinrslikeyou used to do them, tell me about M. ¦
vFriti in Snndence. As a physician! | w.ll tell vo,
• way to help. Get tnr book. now— to-day. .
£ »rx«,.r «at. which ** \ -
book you want and Book 3 on the Kidneys.
*ddr«M Dr. Shoop, Book « for Women.
SOL Racine. ¦ ' «* % Mea
WU. - . Book 6 on Rheumatism.
Mild cases, not chronic. ar« <*t*n cared^ with
one or two bottles. At drujslets'.
ADVERTISEMENTS. >)i>.
STREET '?S<!r TSM^y wilt
• : T^ \ -T\ AV m^F(7 1 A I Q f - I
I GROCERIEST "LIQUORS. 1
B PETAIiXJMA EOQS dot en 20c MARYIiAND CIiTJB WHIS- 9
» Strictly fresh ranch. * Large, 5?7,,' w : •£ *;»v '/• • • •J bottl « 9ic fi
H white Guaranteed. Matured. Bottled- and guaran- ¦
m • •««,,.,,,,-.*, MMvt^n-aw teed to'be superior to any whis- fi
W NEW BONELESS CODFISH key in America by Cahn. Belt ¦
B . . .a-pouad brick 10c & Co.. Baltimore, lid." .Pure Rye. m j
'¦ " Select white fish. Reg. 20c. • . Re^- *1«25. •. S
¦ 7BEHOK BBEAKPAST OOP- "™?.'f; . KAXT ¦ X ? C 5S{2?fl J5 ¦
I PEE ,'.- ¦-""'•¦' .ponnd 20o Extra VpVciai" •"¦ Thft" well-known ¦
n . Similar in strength and flavor to: -maker of Leibig's Beef Extract. B
M Java and Mocha blend. Reg. 30c. If you wish to increase your B
If GALLON BOTTLE CHOW- : weight quick.' 'Nothing more ef- K
H : " CHOW . . .............'.... 16c fective" than " Malf'Tonlc." ' Reg. flr
I" iSKfiS 25C Bi^iwra cxtjb wkis«:t §
B • MEXICAN FANOCHA ...... ... .•;... fmj quart 50c ¦
¦ .i-" ........3 pounds 25o Straight Bourbon. High proof. ¦
g Same as maple sugar, only Reg. 66c. ., • 0
• 8 sweeter. • BASS' AI.E .dozen SI .35 ¦
1 MOTHEB'S OW»- CATSUP • ".* . : SSJ3 ar \» d I
S - " bottla ib« orana. no- limit to qaantity. W
3 ««V-L'-'«Vee".**r^,V-,*"#^ 4>- This is the true; incomparable V
¦ Bozen $1.65. Pure food. Ex- "Bass' Bitters." Buy enough, for X
a ceptionally fine flavor. Reg. 25c. a year. You will never, dupll- ft
M EXTRA STANDARD APW- cate this price. Reg. 32.10. -¦¦ V
B COTS. ............. ...3 cans 850 PBEKCH VERMOTJTH...l)ottl« 50o ©
H Large, select fruit. , In , pure Nolly. Prat & Co. Same paid by. m ¦
B ¦ sugar syrup. " Reg. 20c. . ' - the. case. . ¦ - . . , - '-. > B
H WHOM WHEAT AHD (J«A Ol» CBOW WHHXBT. 1 . . . . »
a HAM FLOUB-lO-pooad sack 90o > Bottled "in bb'ni' 100 '• proo" n£- 5
0 . California brand. ' tilled 189". Reg. J1.25.,-'. c . ft
¦ SCHILLING'S B AXING SODA SAUTSSSTS WIND. . . .gijlon 7Sc ¦
¦ ........... .pound package 5c . ow < matured. -Delicate ;• flavor. A
' B ' HEHSTUSST BBANDT.-bottle S1.25 ff
fl QUEEN OLIVES. ..lartro bottla 10c Or Martsll. Reg. $1.65. g
0 Fancy bottles. Large, select PAUL JONES WKXSXZTY. . 85c m
B ' olives. Reg. 25c. '_ ¦ -¦ Bourbon or Rye. ¦ - Reg. . 31.00. S
M schepp's coco ANUT-pound ioc .«^OTBanmra w . s i?" -^ R
M Long thread. Shredded. Reg. 20c. Re? $V66* ** V o 0 ** 1 * 70o D
M AEBUCKLE'S COFFEE...... * / JOHAN >H0FF MALT EX- S
K Whole or. ground. , : . •,¦. Genuine imported. Reg. $5.00. •
• - WE PREPAY" FREIGHT ON Alilj COUNTRY ORDERS. =• 1
-...-...,•. . . -. ¦». .-. .. ... - -" "¦¦¦ . -• --*• . .-'¦•-¦
• ADVERTISEMENTS. "_'___" ___'_./.i -. ~+~~*
||||||||^ Jip To sweeten, Dispels colds and' j
iffp' K| system, J stipated;, . I
W^W^^^ Effectnally; . I For men, women j
I '^^^m^jaxA Gently; \ and chUdren; I
S\i ; 'tty -There is only V Acts best on /
W £" one Genuine jj the kidneys I
Syrup of Figs; 1 and liver I
¦l^^^pilli; to get its bene- J stomach. and I
'¦ ''•'^•"•••^r' It'-'.'."'':-. ¦'5 s :Vi" •ly-''l"'(''''"''''M ¦ ' I I
j^; ; 1 ; f ficid effects bowels; I
l^^feSS^ ) AIw °y s buy^ the genuine —Manufactured by the I
P^Lbviisville, Ky: n /mncw^ttL /(ew^rM^ 1
IM 7 he ? cnoinc Sy^P of Fi 8:s k for sale by all first-class druggists. The /
fc : . fo . U namc of the company — California Fig Syrup Co.— is always I
f^ printed on the front of every package. Price Fifty Cents per botile. \ -j We are sole agents .for? fountain pens
that ¦* will i fit your hand. ; do ; not leak ; and
will 'write >; without coaxing.. . Price
to $5. : SJinborn,;Vaii & Co., 741'Market.*
.Vocal ; »olo, ' Miss ¦ Bridget . O f Sullivan; • Gaelic
eons, ' John .Mullen: '.vocal solo. Miss .Lizzie
Kenny: Gaelic reading. Dents O'Connor; Gaelic
reading (selected); Miss > Annie Gaelic
eons ' (old/, ballad),". Timothy z Donovan. '¦'"'
The regular! weekly meeting of the
Philo-Celtic students was held at Hi T
bernia , Hall ¦ on Tuesday"
After'' the, usual . lessons- ;in Gaelic!
President Thomas 1 F. ; Ward . made a
short : address and ' read a communica
tion from Thomas, F.] Marshall, the in
vited guest of the evenirig7- who ; ex
expressed.his regrets. that he could not
be present.' / The following programme
was then" presented: , ;
Prominent [ Gaelic Scholars Gather at
Hibernia Hall arid Enjoy iVarled
' Programme. . /
NEW YORK. April 2O.-^The following
Calif ornians /are jin ¦ New; York: : From
San Francisco— B. Ambler Jr. and Mrs.
B. Ambler, at the , Square ; M.
Soebell, at the Grand Hotr'; A. Chese
brbugh/'at the : Holland;; Mrs. W.;H.
Dunscomb and C. : P. Osgood and wife
attthe Norrnandie; Mrs. K.\E. Hutch
inson, at the Earlington ; • Mrs. \ K. River,
at the] Navarre: ; ; H. N. ;: Stevens, at : the
Hotel Raleigh V E. ¦ Zimmerman, at the
Vendoihe. V; From Los; Angeles-— E. S.
BrQwW- at; the Herald Square; C. E.
Arfvedsori, at^the Grand -Union.'
Calif ornians in NewVYork.
PHILO-CEI/riC STUDENTS
, 'HOLD PLEASANT SOCIAL
Tickets on sale and seats on the stage
reserved at 641 Market st.. San Fran
cisco. ' > ; •
The Santa Fe from Merced is the best
way. Through two groves of Big Trees;
into the Valley one way and out an
other/ ' ¦
Yo^emite , Now Open.
Present Senate Investigation Promises
to Develop Interesting F&cts.
SALT LAKE, April 20.— Some of the
interesting figures inside and outside
the Mormon church in Utah are to
give testimony before the Senate Com
mittee on Privileges and Elections
during the next few days. Revelations
are expected throwing considerable
more light on the practices of the Mor
mon church in polygamy and politics.
Among those who are to give testimony
are Former Judge Orlando W. Powers,
who, as United States Judge for the
Territory, sentenced many polygamlsts
to the penitentiary and who managed
the campaign which wrested Salt Lake
City from the control of the Mormons
in 1890. He will tell of Utah politics
from a gentile viewpoint.. Among the
Mormons* familiar with the inside
workings of the church there will be
Moses Thatcher, deposed apostle, and
Apostle John Henry Smith, the "politi
cal apostle." Brigham H. # Roberts,
John'Henry Smtth and Reed Smoot
are generally believed to have more
influence with President Joseph F.
Smith than any other persons. All
these will be asked about political con
ditions, but some of the witnesses will
be requested to tell about polygamous
relations entered. Into since the Wood
ruff manifesto of 18SM) "advising" the
abandonment of polygamy.
By some , of , these .witnesses - it '• » is
toped " evidence will"'" be brought" out
NOTED CTAHAXS TO TESTIFY.
¦ >
ACCUSED OF STEALING CANART.— Fred
Pierce. 60 years of are. was arrested last
night on.acbarie of having stolen a, canary
from A. C. Roblson's bird store at 335 Kearny
street. ~ iliitttfrTIifll HUf III'i !(JTW<WffitflBllllTlMiilM
Islam Temnle of the Ancient Arabic
< nder of the Mystic Shrine held a cere
monial session in the Mechanics* Pa
vilion last night, when sixty novitiates
ivere inducted into the mysteries of the
"playground of Masonry." The cere
mony was followed by an elaborate
banquet, which was partaken of by
s'-vcral hundred.
Learn Xw Mysteries,
Messrs. Easton, Eldridge & Co. re
port strong inquiry and excellent
promise .for the excursion tot Chico
leaving San Francisco on, Friday even
ing. The fare has been placed at $5 40
for the round trip. The train is fully
equipped "with Pullman sleepers, chair
cars and day coaches, offering accom
modation for all classes. Tickets are
now on sale and reservations can be
made at the office of Easton, Eldridge
& Co. or the the office of the Southern
Pacific Company. The excursion is
made in connection with the auction
offering of a portion of the John Bid
well jf rancho at Chico, fronting on
Humboldt avenue and immediately ad
jacent to the town line, the principal
streets of the city being continued
through the property. With the won-
Easton, E*Idridge & Co. Report That
They Have Strong Inquiry for
.Tickets and Choice Sites.
George W. Root, former clerk of the
State Supreme Court and now engaged
in mining -in Grass Valley, and ¦wife,
are at the Lick. '
E. A. Fischer pjf Fischer's Theater,
left last night' for New. York to engage
a new I company for his jj theater and
also to arrange for new burlesques.
Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Bowers of Port
land, Or., who have been spending the
last week, in , town.' will leave for the
north .to-night. They are 'at the St.
Francis. ., r . \ ¦' ..'
> William Sproule. freight manager, of
the Southern Pacific Company, who
has been in Portland with Traffic
Manager J. C. . Stubbs and Assistant
Traffic Manager -E. O. McCormick of
the Harriman lines, returned to this
city yesterday. Stubbs, and McCor
mick continued south to join the Har
riman party, which is now oh the way
to this. city on a tour of inspection.
E. W. Hale and Louis Breuner, well
known merchants of Sacramento, ar
rived at the Palace yesterday.
R.' H. Hendershot of Chicago, the
original- drummer ; boy of the Rappa
hannbek, is registered at the Palace.
Thomas J. Kirk; State Superintend
ent' of Public Instruction, is down
from Sacramento and registered at the
Palace. ' :
J. M. Mannon, an attorney of Ukiah,
is at the Lick. ' - . .
Dr. H. S. Orme of Los Angeles is at
the Occidental.
W. W.' Stone, a merchant of Arcata,
is at the Palace.
J. W. Watklns. a contractor of Ma
dera, is at the Lick.
Dr. H. Pink and wife of Indianapolis
are at the St. Francis.
L. J. Rose Jr., a capitalist of Ox
nard, Is at the Palace. -'
HI S. Mitchell, a mining man of Los
Angeles, is at Ahe Palace.
Railroad Commissioner A. C. Irwin
of Marysvllle is at the Lick. ->'
M. J. Boggs, a prominent young"
rancher of Salinas, is at. the Palace.
T. N. Dam and wife of New Haven,
Conn., are registered at the St. Francis.
Charles C. Knight, cashier of a bank
in Santa Barbara, Is at the St. Francis.
Dr. H. p. Palmer and wife of Utica
are among the latest arrivals at the St.
Francis.
A. J. Beaudette, who is extensively
engaged in mining at Dawson, is stay
ing at the Palace.
PERSONAL.
derful improvements that have been
made in the upper Sacramento Valley,
with Chico' as the important center,
during the last two or three years
that city is attracting the attenion of
Intending settlers and the excursion on
Friday night affords a most excellent
opportunity for people to see this por
tion of the State at a reduced rate for
transportation. The train is due to
leave San Francisco Friday evening at
8 o'clock, leaving Sacramento at 3:30
Saturday morning and stopping at all
way stations. It will arrive* In Chlco
Saturday morning at 7 o'clock. The
sale is announced to take place at noon
in the large armory hall and will con
tinue during the afternoon and even
ing. The train will leave Chico Satur
day evening about 10 o'clock and is
due to arrive in San Francisco Sun
day morning about 8 o'clock.
CHICO ; EXCURSION' TRAIN
LEAVES CITY ON FRIDAY
Wood Demurrer Overruled
PORTLAND, April TO. — Judge Bel
linger to-day overruled the demurrer
to the indictment against T. A. Wood
und Moses Wood, charging them with
conspiracy to defraud the Government.
The defense claimed^insuSicJency of
the indictment as the principal basis
for the demurrer. The prosecution of
T. A. Wood and his son for alleged
Miding' and abetting persons to obtain
pesftona for service in the Indian
wars, to which, it is charged, they
kV ore not entitled.
The next session: of the grand body
will be held in this city in April, 1905.
The new grand protector, Mrs. Wil
liams, has been in fraternal life for
many years. She holds her member
ship In this order in Aurora Lodge
No. 202, the pioneer lodge In this
State, and has for two years been the
grand vice protector of the. Grand
Lodge. She is also a member of Bo
adicea Circle, of the Druldesses, U. A.
O. D., and last year was the grand
arch Druidess of that order. The
grand secretary, grand treasurer,
grand inside gurdian and grand guide
were elected witMoutoppositlon. "Past
Protector L. G. Wolfe on retir
ing from office after having served
two terms was, by the individual
members of the Grand -Lodge, pre
sented a valuable .gold fob and seal
in recognition of the good work he
did during the two years he was in
office. <¦ , ',
The new grand protector in outlin
ing her policy declared that she will
Introduce measures during her term
looking to the increase of the mem
bership of the several lodges and that
she will personally visit every lodge
in the jurisdiction. ;
The greater portion of the session
of the Grand Lodge of the Knights
and Ladies of Honor in the Pythian
Castle yesterday was taken up in the
selection of grand officers for the cur
rent term. There were many nomin
ating speeches, but there were but
three offices contested for. namely,
grand protector, grand- chaplain and
grand trustee. The result of the elec
tions was as follows:
Frances J. Williams of San Fran
cisco, grand protector ;,D. J. Girard of
San Jose, vice protector; W. H. Quit
zow of San Francisco, secretary; A.
Gompertz of San Francisco, treasurer;
Mrs. •Nusbaum of San Francisco,
chaplain; Jennie Dinklage of San
Francisco, guide; Marlon G. Perry of
Vallejo, inside guardian; W. E. Ban
brook of Auburn, sentinel; E. H.
Bourgignon of San Jose, A. H. Ander
son of San Francisco and Ellen Fitz
gerald of San Francisco, trustees.
Later in the day these officers were
installed with/the usual Ceremonies by
Past Grand Protector Dr. S. American,
assisted by Mrs. Emma O'Donnell as
grand guide.
Those Who "Will; Govern a Fraternal
Association During^ t° c
Twelve Mouths.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES
' ELECT NEW OFFICERS
to Canada. Abbott may also tell some
thing about a similar recent marriage
of Apostle M. F. Cowley, another fugi
tive.
MORMON LEADER AND HISQUES
TIONER BEFORE THE SENATE
INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE, t
Thatcher may be questioned closely
about the marriage relations of one of
his daughters, Clarice. It is said that
he opposed bitterly her becoming the
plural wife a couple of years ago of
Henry S. Tanner, a municipal Judge
in Salt Lake City. Tanner Is a leader
of the Young Men's Mutual Improve
ment Society of the Mormon church,
and is accused of having taken two
plural wives within the last few years.
Apostle John Henry Smith has al
ways been active In politics. He is a
cousin of the president of the church
and an active polygamlst. He was be
ing groomed for the Governorship four
years ago, but because of the rejection
of Roberts by Congress it was thought
advisable for the polygamists to keep
in the background for a while. Hence
he retired and let Heber M. Wells have
the office for'a second term. If Apostle
Smith can be induced to tell the, "truth,
the whole truth and. nothing but the
truth" he will throw a great deal of
light on conditions, . especially as re
gards polygamy and politics.)
L. E.- Abbott of Farmington, Utah,
will probably be questioned about the
polygamous practices of . two; of , the
apostles. Abbott Was formerly" Sheriff
of Davis County. In " the little 'village
of Farmington, a short distance north
of Salt Lake City, live some of • the
plural' wives 'of Apostle John W.. Tay
lor. Abbott . knows "about ; them, j It is
charged that Taylor married ; two sis-
Vers, Roxle and Rhoda Willing, within
the last three years. Taylor is wanted
by ' the committee, but* he has escaped
As a result of their attitude during
this campaign. Thatcher and Roberts
were disciplined by the church.
Thatcher made a valiant fight for In
dependence and came within one vote
of being elected United States Senator.
The fchurch succeeded in electing Jo
seph L. Rawllns, preferring him, ah
apostate and an open opponent of the
church in politics, to 'one of their own
number who sought to maintain po
litical independence. Thatcher was de
posed from his church position and was
saved from excommunication only by
making a humble apology. It Is be
lieved he would have left the church
if he had been a monogamist. , As he
had more than one wife .and they
would have lost "all position In society
if he left the church and renounced Its
doctrine of polygamy, he humbled him
self and remained a Mormon. This
experience has left him a broken-spir
ited man, . however. It was a great
blow to the political independence of
individual Mormons.'
showing that at least two apostles re
cently took plural wives and that one
of the leaders among the young men
was presumably guilty of a similar
offense.
Judge Powers was appointed from
Michigan to the bench In Utah while
the prosecutions for polygamy under,
the Edmunds-Tucker law were at their
height. Ever since that time he has
been a conspicuous figure in Utah pub
lic life. After retiring from the bench
he became active in politics. The cam
paign In 1890 between the Liberal party,
or gentiles, and the People's party,' or
Mormons, In Salt Lake City was one
of the most picturesque and exciting
that ever took place. Judge Powers
was chairman of the Liberal campaign
committee. He won a decisive victory,
electing George M. Scott, a gentile busi
ness man. Mayor, and filling all the oth
er municipal offices with gentiles. Since
that time he has always been more or
less conspicuous during important cam
paigns. He was chairman of the Dem
ocratic State Committee during the
first campaign in Utah under state
hood. In that fight the Mormon church
violated its pledge, given only a few
months before, that it would never
again interfere in politics in any way.
The Democratic State Convention nom
inated John T. Calne for 'Governor and
Brigham H. Roberts for Congress, In
dorsing Moses Thatcher, then an apos
tle, for the United States Senate. The
Mormon hierarchy sent word to church
members throughout the State that
Thatcher and Roberts must be defeat
ed because they had accepted these
nominations without first securing the
consent of the first presidency and the
quorum of twelve apostles. Judge
Powers became conspicuous through
leading the combat against church in
fluence. The fight was unsuccessful
then, but he has been prominent on
that side ever since. Judge Powers is
a strong Senatorial possibility himself,
in case Utah should go Democratic this
fall.
DENVER. April 20.— The third day's
session of the executive council of the
American Federation of Labor was
taken up largely with consideration of
matters of detail.
The action of the United Hatters of
North America in placing hat manu
facturers upon the unfair list was ap
proved. Investigation demonstrated the
position of these companies to be an
tagonistic and unfair to labor, all ef
forts at adjustment having failed.
Robert A. McKee, representing the
International Union of Steam Engi
neers of Peoria, 111.; Timothy Healy of
New York, and C. L.. Shamp of Omaha,
president and secretary of the Inter
national Brotherhood of Stationary
Firemen, appeared before the council
and demanded the revocation of the
charter of the United Brewery Work
ers' International Ur.ion. Louis Kem
per of Cincinnati and August Priest
bach, secretary and member of the ex
ecutive board of the Brewery Work
ers, appeared in defense of the organ
ization.
The council gave an extensive hear
ing to the contending panics and di
rected the representatives of these or
ganizations to hold a conference for
the purpose of endeavoring to adjust
these matters, selecting President
'"lompers to participate in the confer
ence. The conferees were In session
the entire afternoon and a portion of
the evening.
John E. Bray of Kansas City, Mo.,
and M. O. Sullivan of Pittsburg, rep
resenting the Amalgamated Sheet Met
al Workers' Association, appeared in
Mjpport of the claim of Jurisdiction
over workers engaged in glazing in
metal sashes and skylights in building,
secretary-Treasurer Carrick of Lafay
ue. Ind.. having submitted a brief of
Ui«* contention of the Brotherhood of
I'iiintcra and Decorators over this class
«>f workers. After full discussion of
the matters involved it was decided
to refer the matter to both organiza
tions with instructions to hold a con
frrenee. and Vice President William J.
Spencer was selected as the represen
tative of the American Federation of
L.abor to participate In the conference.
A recommendation was also made as
a basis of settlement.
The members of the council attended
a banquet to-night.
Judge Andrew Kirkpatrick to-day is
sued a temporary order restraining
the carrying out of the plan of distri
bution, and fixed next Monday, April
25, at 11 a. m., .in Trenton, for the hear
ing, of the motion to make the injunc
tion permanent.
TRENTON, N. J., April 20.— Suit has
been begun in the United States Circuit
Court for the . New Jersey district
against the Northern Securities Com
pany by EH. Harriman, Winslow S.
Pierce, the Oregon Short Line Railroad
Company and th^ Equitable Trust
Company of New- York, trustee under
the Oregon Short Line participating
mortgage, to restrain the Northern Se
curities Company from carrying out the
plan adopted by its directors for' the
distribution of the stocks of the Great
Northern and the Northern Pacific
stocks held in the treasury of the de
fendant company. The facts In the
case as recited In the bill of complaint
cover substantially the same ground
upon which was based the intervention
suit in the United States suits in the
district of Minnesota, which was de
cided on Tuesday adversely, to the Har
riman interests.
Brings Injunction Proceedings Against
Northern Securities Company.
HARRIMAX FILES SUIT.
NEW YORK, April 20.— A report was
circulated to-day in_this city to the
effect that a new suit had been started
against the. Northern Securities Com
pany, and | that an order, in the suit,
signed by Justice Geigerisch of the Su
preme Court, had been issued, return
able to-morrow, but Justice Geigerisch
said he had not signed any such. order.
This new suit was said to have been
instituted by C. H. Venner of Boston,
who was interested in the suit brought
by the Continental Securities Company,
whose application for an injunction
against to-morrow's meeting of the
Northern Securites Company ' and
against the announced method for -dis
tributing the holdings of- railroad
stocks was dented by Vice Chancellor
Bergen of Jersey City on Monday.
It was later, reported- that copies of
an order directing E. HJ Harriman and
the Union Pacific -^Railway to show
cause why they should not' refuse to
accept the stock . to be distributed to
them under the Hill plan were served
upon the counsel for Harriman and
upon the officers of the Northern Se
curities Company, who .must also ap
pear in the action.,
A conference of counsel on the Har
riman side was held late in the after
noon at the office, of Kunn, Loeb &
Co.- It was «aid afterward that no an
nouncement was ready as to the plan
of action ,to be taken. . '
Petition Is Filed for Revo
cation of Charter of the
United Brewery Workmen
It Is Claimed the Suit Is
to Prevent a Distribution
of Stock to E. IL Harriman
WASHINGTON. April 20.— With the
reopening of the investigation in the
Reed Smoot case before the Senate
Committee on Privileges and Elections
the prosecution devoted considerable
time to drawing: from Brigham H. Rob
crts the character of the oaths which
are said to be necessary for a Mormon
official to take in order to have the!
support of the church for political of-'
flees. Members of the committee showed
an equal interest in the obligations
which are said to be taken by Mormons
who " S o through the endowment
house." Along both lines much evi
dence was brought out. It was shown
by Roberts' testimony that without the
consent of the Mormon church he failed
of. election to a seat in Congress, and
later, with church recognition of his
candidacy, he was elected.
In relation to the endowment-house
bbligation Roberts was extremely reti
cent. He said that the sacredne'ss of
the secrecy was such that he could not
reveal it to the world, and that if he
did so he would lose caste with the
church ag having betrayed a trust.
Portions of the testimony given by
Roberts, especially in regard to his rea
sons for maintaining polygamous co
habitation with his plural wives, was
I almost a duplication of the testimony
piven by other polygamists who have
been on the stand. He said he regard
ed the laws of God as higher than the
laws of the land, and that his moral
obligation to his wives was greater
than both the laws of God and the laws
of men.
TELLS OF HIS MARRIAGES.
In response to questions by Tayler,
Roberts said his first plural marriage
was performed by D. H. Wells, counsel
to the apostles, and he thought the cer
emony was performed at the home of
Wells' son.
Senator Overman inquired of Roberts
whether his first wife and his second
wife had consented to his marriage
to his third wife.
"No, sir," said Roberts.
Continuing, he said they did not learn
of the marriage for three or.four years.
"How was that?" asked Senator Bev
| eridge. "Do you mean to say that the
marriage was not known to any one?"
"It was known to some of my friends,
but not to my wives." was the answer.
"Why was this marriage concealed
from them?" asked Chairman Bur
rows.
"Because I did not want to embar
rass them."
"How embarrass them?"
"Well, we knew the marriage was
illegal and it might be embarrassing
to them if they should for any reason
be called to testify."
CLANDESTINE COURTSHIP.
Roberts said his third wife was the
divorced wife of Dr. Shipp, and in re
gard to his courtship he said he al
ways had met her at the house of mu
tual friends and had never called on
her at her home. He also said that
she continued to live in her home, but
that he never had called on her there
until she removed to rooms on Main
street, Salt Lake.
Tayler asked Roberts why he thought
it incumbent upon him to take plural
wives.
"From boyhood," replied the witness,
"I had been taught the rightfulness of
plural marriages and I believed this
practice to be the law of God. I knew
that this practice was contrary to the
' mandates of Congress, but believed
! that the law of God was the highest
rule, and I felt impelled to o&ey it."
BELIEVES IX POLYGAMY.
Chairman Burrows asked a number
of pointed questions, which brought
; the confession from Roberts that he
still believed in and was practicing
¦ polygamy. He said he believed the
; Woodruff manifesto was divinely in
! spired and that now, in practicing
polygamy, he knew he was disobeying
both the laws of the land and the laws
of God. He was asked why he con
tinued to disobey the laws of God, if
he believed them to be the highest
laws, and, with' a resigned air, he
i said:
"Well, the manifesto left me in the
midst of obligations to these wives. I
am trying to do the best I can to live
within the laws, but these obligations
I cannot shirk."
"Do you think you arc morally bound
to cohabit with all of your wives?"
t Chairman Burrows asked.
"How many not living?"
"Thirteen living." !
"How 'na.iy m.- UrinE?* 1 ;"£•£
"Iwo."
"When was the last one born?"
"About two or two and a half years
ago." --¦V^;
SUSTAINS THE HATTERS
INJUNCTION MEASURES
C. H. Venner of Boston Is
Said to Have Sued North
ern , Securities Company
Executive Council of Amer
ican Federation Adjusts
Disputes Between Unions
Brigham H. Roberts, Testifying Before the Senate Committee
:/ on Privileges and Elections, Tells of His Plural Marriages
and Boldly Confesses That He Is Still Practicing Polygamy
LABOR LEADERS
HEAR PROTESTS
RUMORS O F NEW
MERGER ACTION
HOLDS OBLIGATIONS TO HIS WIVES
ABOVE THE LAWS OF GOD OR MEN
TKE SAN FRANCISCO (^L% THURSDAY; APRIL 21; 1904.
3
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
j The strongest V"T"~
W*"* "V castle could be re- »¦¦ ¦
by siege if the *-r—
_ ( garrison could be starved V—
~ij out. The strongest body \
**» j has to give up the fight P~
mJF^ when starvation weakens T"
f it. There are more deaths
from starvation than the world
dream* oC When the stomach is dis-
eased and the food eaten is not digested
and assimilated, then the strength of the
body begins to fail because of lack of
nutrition, and the weak body falls an
easy victim to the microbes of disease.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
rures diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion and nutrition. It
restores physical strength in the only
possible way. by enabling the assimila-
tion of the nutrition contained in food.
"I was «iclc for orer three yean; with a com-
plication of etomach troubles." write* Mr. John
H. Castona, raidin? at 3^42 Arch St., Chicago,
Illinois. "Had tried «rery good plivsican I
knew of, ¦• well as many patent medicines, but
received only temporary relief. Oae dav a
friend recomnierjdea your 'Golden Medical IM&-
coverv." I immediately procured some and be-
ran its use. Commencea to j^in the first week,
• nd after I bad taken only one bottle I could
eat as well «s any one without experiencing ill
effect*. I took five bottles, and to-day am happy
to announce th*t I am as well and healthy as
• nv one coold be. I owe it all to Dr. Pierce's
'.o'.dco Medical Discovery.* 1
The sole motive for substitution is to
permit the dealer to make the little more
profit paid by the sale of less meritorious
medicines. He gains. You lose. There-
fore accept no substitute for w Golden
Medical Discovery."
FREE. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense
Medical Adviser is sent free on receipt
of stamps to par expense of mailing
only. Send twenty-one one-cent stamps
for the book in paper covers, or thirty-
one stamps for the cloth-bound volume.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo. N. Y.
Tea and coffee go by taste
alone; and tastes are many.
Schilling's Best teas are five,
and coffees four; all different;
moneyback all; at your grocer's.
' ADVEBTISEMSUTS. ,
I Is Why buy yoftr straw hat ¥
I "•¦C^ £ Vf r XV from an exclusive hat dealer ¦
£. -J^ 1 y J< anc * pay twice what the hat ¦
y^fg -f. /, '^: l X;'-': . Our straws are as good as ¦
J&gffir t^ le ot^ er stores ' stock, and ft
fg&r\^—^y t' le prices are considerably I
/ pp£^ ;¦ ¦/...:[¦¦•-' ~i.-\ Smooth and rough straw/ I
£\.::': '.. 1 French palm, in Optimo • I
" JEKaB^»^^^^___ j^r Very fine straw in Three- I
|Bp*|r ' " •^sS^^T Straw Sombreros. I
- ,'. ~\ Straw Optimos, with dents I
t-T •* . i|w ¦ The prices are "45c, 75c, I
• Jk. •>• -'%' $1.00, $1.25, $1.50, $2.00 and I
,%v » ' Genuine . South American I
X^7^Sv JS\_ Panamas; $4J $5, $6 and $7.50 1
Onl-of- Town Orders Filled—
740 Market^Strect . j
WWWu^^m0 tonic
Disagreeable Symptoms of Spring
Catarrh Vanish Before Pe=ru-na.
MRS. D. S. HESSLER. -
This Beautiful Woman Had Suffered With Stomach Trouble for Years.
Peruna Cured Her In Three Months.
¦¦"""¦¦¦¦"¦¦¦¦""¦¦^¦¦¦¦"¦¦¦"¦¦¦¦¦"^ Peruna strengthens the action of the
Mrs. D. S. Hessler. 1002 McBride *•««• »«i«rts digestion «nd
street. Syracuse, N. T., writes: the e * c ™*°ry organ., thus ridding the
¦Vtake pleasure in expressing^
satisfaction with Peruna as a remedy of warm wea *her
well worthy the confidence of those W hlle the doctors are discussing . dlf- <
seeking relief from suffering. It is f« rent theories as to th« causa and eurr
sks jsfts, s o p r?r % %%£rsz?£ £££ sirs
pecially catarrh, heartburn and kin- buying Perana with little or no concern
dred 'troubles of the stomach. It has as to what the doctors may or may not
cured me of catarrh and stomach conclude.'
trouble In three months, after I had
suffered with these troubles for many
years. , i am certainly pleased with weak and Worn Out Are Many Womtn
it. -Mrs. D. S. HSsler. | Wj|rm We * atnef .
Oneof th* Most Prevalent Phases of
Spring Catarrh Is Some Derangement snow my Rra titude for what Peruna has
Of the Digestive Organs. done for me. and hope this will reach
The use of Peruna as a spring tonic is the eye of some woman who may be suf-
too universal to need any argument or fering as I did. I was hardly able to be
discussion. , ' about and felt very weak and worn out.
Everywhere in the United States the I am now feeling very well and would
people know without any persuasion that not be without Peruna in the house." —
there is no better remedy for spring Mrs. J. P. Regnier.
fever than Peruna. if you do not receive prompt and sat-
It operates immediately, there is no isfactory results from the use of Peruna,
doubt about its ben- wr ite at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
GIVE PE-RU-NA eflt. one bottle is f u n statement of your case, and he will
A TRIAL sufficient to set a be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
m miHL person right and oc- vip« gratis
THI* SPRING casionally a single gratis.
L.-U1. will be all Address Dr. Hartman, President of The
that is n«n^r?d for the whole family. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.The annual election 'cif' officers" and
directors of the'Columbus Savings and
Loan Society,* held yesterday, resulted
as follows: President. J, F. ¦ Fugazi;
vice. president,; G. Bacigalupi; secretary
and cashier, 'F.. W. Belgranb; directors
—I. • W. Hellman, A^ Chlchlzola, G.*Cu
neo, J. F. Cavagtiaro, S. ;B. Fugazi, D.
P.'Giannlni and J' Calegaris.. " .'
Ofiicers and Dlitctors Named.
On the Union and Southern Pacific through
tourict <-ars to St. I^ouls or CblCago without
change. Lars* dree Binjt-rocms. *.n^w lavatory
and appliance*, enlarged water tank, -fine double
plate-glass windows, courteous poster In.at
tendance. Inquire of S. F.' Booth, 'General
Agent. U. P. R. R.. 1 Montgomery -street.. • •
Speclal Attention to the Comfort of
:K- Ladles. '•¦ ; . ": '-¦¦'_ .
The cavalry maneuvers on the Pre
sidio golf links attracted a lot of atten
tion yesterday morning at 8 o'clock,
and the spectators who went out from
town at the early hour were amply re
paid for their exertions. The exercises
were on the same line that Major Bige
low had prescribed In the. beginning of
his regime here. There will be further
maneuvers .next. Wednesday on the
links. Captain Cornish will be in* com
mand.
The Eleventh Cavalry, which- arrived
on the Sheridan last week from Manila,
departed yesterday for their respective
posts in the East. •,•
The new brick* officers' quarters are
now nearly completed and willsoon be
ready for occupancy.'
Lieutenant " Francis M. Boon, Nine
teenth registered ~ at >'¦ head
quarters yesterday. .."./" '' "¦
The next 'post, field ;*day : will. be > held
on the new grounds Just' back of Colonel
Morris' quarters; .' • ¦ '.
'. Major Albert Todd and : family • de
parted: for Washington, D.rC.,- yester
day. ¦ " : . ~ _:.\ ¦ . -¦. . i:\:-\: : X
"Major HeTjry'B.' Moofl, 'Tenth* Iiifan-
.Major Bigelou and Ills Colored
Troopers Entertain Big Crowd
In Problem . Exercise.
USUAL WEDNESDAY DRILL
BY CAVALRY ON GOLF LINKS
Saturday, April 23, "from .2 to 6, the
Chrysanthemum Auxiliary will hold a
fete .at. the Sorosta^Club. This organ
ization maintains and supports both a
bed and an Incurable child at the Chil
dren's Hbspltal. previous/ years : they
have given benefits In the forni of
dances, but this -tktie they decided to
have • something dlffei^n^, and a fete
was decided upon .'as just • the thing.
The following ladles have charge cf the
/ . \
¦'Printing and press 'committee — Miss
Rachael Hovey and Mrs. ' Richard
Bahls.;; '¦/•-'¦*'" ... ¦/¦'/../¦'•: ,7 '.::•-¦
. .. Refreshments committee-rMiss Mabel
Toy, Miss Mabel Hogg and Mrs. Harvey
Toy. ' '
• Fancy work '- ,"table--lflss _. .Georgie
Spleker, Aliss \ Georgie Sheppard; Miss
Norma'Ca'stle and Miss' Ruth'Gedney. -'
f Fish- poiid-^-Miss' Laura' Taylor,' -Miss
Paula /.Wolff , and' Mrs* Jack j Wilson".' ' |
'. Floral booth"— Miss ! Edna. Hannlgaft,
Miss Zelda Tiff any,; Mrs. Andrew .Welch
and Mrs.- John Chase.*''
Candy "bbbth^Mrs'tHary'ey -.Toy.' Mrs.'
Edward < Huine.V Mlss^'Rachael r Hovey,
Miss ; Mabei Donaldson? and : Miss ;Zelda
Tiffany^*/-;.^v ..;-^ ///-/r"-- /"•• v : \:j r . :^'- {
£ -The .'following excellent! jprbgramroe
• ;¦•:¦•},'•¦-• •
S A very. elaborate and largely attend
ed wedding -was celebratet. yesterday
at. high noon, when Miss Elizabeth M.
Gnjlagher, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
William P. Gallagher, becan.e the bride
of -James D. Rountree. The ceremony
was performed )at St. Mary's - Cathe
dral,, the Rev. Father SuMivan officiat
ing...- .The Misses Dorothy and/ Mar-'
gery .Blair, two little nieces of ; the
bride, acted as flower girls and were
gowned alike in dainty Mhite frocks.
They carried ferns. :'
H Miss Bertie Bourne was ibridesmaid.
Slie^ ¦ wore a beautiful gown of . pink
lavender orep'e-de chine and carried a
bouquet of lilies of the valley, {f.^j
The" bride was charming in. a gown
of white crepe de Paris, trimmed with
Irish ; point lace. ; Her veil of white
itulle: reached the end of her gown. She
Carried a shower '¦¦ bouquet of - Bride
roses; ' ¦ ¦ ; :.\ ' ;,: .-. ''
-Richard Jones of Vallejo served the
-groonras best man.;. "'- . • '. -.
¦¦ Afterthe ceremony a. wedding lunch
eon "was served * at the Dride's home
for the bridal party and the near rela
tives " of the contracting parties.
- After an extended trip to .the south
the young couple will make their home
here.^
' The object of General .Booth's visit
to the coast is to the w6rk and
inaugurate, children's workl He is to
erect a large home, at Long Beach, the
first wing to cost J5000, which is; nearly
secured by subscription. A prominent
citizen has donated five acres of land
for r the home. . . ., • . ¦ -
General Ballington Booth, president
of the Volunteers of America, -accom
panied by Colonel Walter Duncan,
commanding the Pacific Coast . forces,
will arrive in the city from- San Jose
at noon to-morrow. General Booth. will
conduct meetings In the First.Presby.
terian Church, Oakland, - to-morrow
e\-ening and will gpeak at San Qyehtin
Sunday morning. Sunday evening the
general will speak at the First Presby
terian Church, San Francisco;. Monday
afternoon. April 25, at the meeting, of
the Evangelical Union, which, .will be
held at the Young Men's Christian /As
sociation building,. and Monday'evehihg
at the First Congregational Church,
Post and Mason streets. ' •:;¦
General BallingUm . Booth Coming to
Ix>ok ; After Childi-en's Work nnd
Building a Home.
LEADER OP VOLUNTEERS
• ON THE WAY TO THIS CITY
VALLEJO. April' 20.— First Lieu
tenant John W.. .McClaskey, United
States Marine Corps, .at present .on
duty at the Yerba Buena naval train
ing station, and Miss Cyetta McQuaid
were • married, this afternoon . at j the
home. of -Mr. and Mrs. Kemper, the
bride's parents. , ; The house was elab
orately ; decorated ..with American
flags, roses, lilies and smllax. The
ceremony was -.performed, by Rev.
James Mitchell of St. Helena, assisted
by Rev. Theo F. Burnham of this city.
Mrs. A. M. Stevenson of Denver,' Colo.,
was matron of honor, and. Miss, Marie
English bridesmaid. The. groom was
attended by First, Lieutenant ,WJlliam
H. Pritchett, at present ori duty at the
marine barracks at Mare Island.. J.
R. McClaskey, father of the groom,
made a. special trip from Iowa to be
present at the.wedding. ... . .
Lieutenant and Mrs. McClaskey will
spend their honeymoon in the south
ern part of the State and then make
their home in San Francisco.
• • *
became' the bride Of Earl Newman
Percy last Tuesday evening at the
home of the bride's mother, 3580 Clay
street. The ceremony was performed
by Rev. J. William Hudson of the Sec
ond Unitarian Church. After a short
honeymoon the happy couple will oc
cupy a home adjoining that of the
bride's mother./ \
CHARMING GIRL
BECOMES BRIDE
AT HIGH NOON
iMiss Elvira Hobbs, a popular, society
girl and daughter, of Mrs. J. C. Hobbsl
' The. production of "His Royal Nibs"
for: the benefit; of the California Wo
ipen'8^ Hospital -takes place . to-night
aridtb-morrow evening at the Alham
bra Theater. .There will be magnifl
ceht ¦ scenic settings, extravagant' cos
tumes and a chorus of pretty girls, and
handsome swains. will' support- the well
chosen- cast headed by Andrew Bogart,
who was a conspicuous matinee idol
in , the Prince of Pllsen company, and
Miss Helen . Heath, 'the pretty v and
dainty, concert soprano who^ has figured
so [ prominently -at t many '. society song
recitals 'during the*, last two' years, y
Among^the" handsome show girls are
to be mentioned, M|ss L. Steinman, thft
well known ; belle/ of ' Sacramento, who
is passing the wjriter season with, her
parents: at the Palace Hotel;. Miss Sue
PayetteVknown'aa an accomplished so
prano, ' and V Mis: T Eleanor \ McLennan,
whose mother .was one; of the favorites
in the palmy days of the old-California
Theater. ' '. . ' -", ... .-'•; -V* •:*''.
The 'features Jot V the show.;' are .'ex
ceptionally 'clever ; and , nothing but the
highest praise' Is 1 /heard ¦. '.Of. Shafter
Howard's musical score,'; " which ln
clude3 j'mariySfasoinatirig.; numbers : : in
the song ; line," among ; them , being '.'My
Own," I'The ,;, Summer. Girls," V; "The
Fairies' 5 SymphonyT? h "Bye .; Low,' Lee
High. iSJeepj: Little Ikey,;, Sleep".. ".' and
"The. Robin j ajad 1 - V^'e
Chambermaid .of ;Hade«*vUs .also tune
ful , arid'; replete, with •iatlrlcal humor.
W.;H.« Clifford has "done his pert as the
book, writer, \ 'find altogether .those Who
attend, i will /not, '.phJy^ contribute to' a
worthy, charity,'* but. will receive in re
turn \ full : compensation' for - their out
lay^. ' ,"¦¦ '¦¦':¦;¦ ¦ ¦. ¦ ¦_¦¦:. -¦¦: ¦< .. ' .'
Afternoon — Songs by Mrs. Rigby and
Mrs. B. Kendall. . V -
Evening— "Poet ; and . Peasant" (Sup
pe),' Miss' Somers^. "Voices of the
Wood" (Rubinstein), ' "Krassrii" (Sara
fan), Mrs. F. Whitney; songs, Miss
May/Little.:. " /'; ' '; • ; '. [ ; . . . '
The baaaar, will continue; every "day
this week; :" .' : '" ¦'¦¦
Yesterday, the second day«*of the
Russian- tea, proved as great a suc
cess,'both'from an -artistic and finan
cial standpoint, as did the first. ;*
The following ; programme "^'as ren
dered: ', '; ' : '"¦ '
Vocal boIoy' Mrs. J: E. Birmingham,
accompanied by Miss Fanny Danforth;
reading, Mrs. Loosley; piano solo, Miss
Ruth Powers; "vocal solo. Miss Joseph
ine- Lindley ; violin . solo, Miss Bessie
Suhrer; reading, Mrs. McGauley. '
Ai large attendance Is expected, as it
is for a worthy cause.
has been arranged by Miss Laura Tay
lor and Miss, Mabel Toy: . . v,
try. Is with his battalion at Rodeo
Valley, reports to Captain Winn that
the new hfie range meets with his ap
proval and Is adequate to the require
ments of army regulations.
• ; A concert will be given next Friday
evening by the "blind pupils of the
State ScTiool for the Deaf and Blind.
It will be rendered under the man
.rw^rrtent of J. Faurt Dondero, who
vfrill be -tu^isted TUy Miss Mast. : " ."
Difficult selections from famous
composers have been chosefn for the
programme and a concert of high or
der is expected. The programme fol
lows:
Part 1 — Anvil chorus, from "'II Trovator*>"
« Verdi 1: ; piano aoio, ••tfpintiing Song" -fLttolff).
<"harlefi Cacpret; or^ran ttoln, "Pilgrims'
«'lwn»" <V.a»m«.T-nddy>. \lrr.r\ Ptprr; vocal
solo. ; - L4tU« Blu* Pigeon" •Kairlnmt.i. Laura
liarl#o; iiiano eoio. «a) "Consolation" (Men
.rtr-luolin: <W ••fcrrtnr Sonn" UtPndplFsohn).
Il^rna Ilairht: duo -for piano and organ.
"Laraf-nnoi - Ostrow" (Ruhinetein - Fleissner),
Charlei- Cjrwpf and nben Gay.
Part IT — Vocal dun. "Th* Roeebud" (Schu
mann). Marsuvritc Oraham and Ruby Fin
¦wny: piano piio, "•Imiwomptu." Op. HO No
4 (t;chubert». Haaol Piper; pisno trio. "Valse"
iStnuabbo»r>. ValrnUm- Miller. Alfred Klo«*fc
mhI Inland Harlan; voral solo, (a) "O Vision
Kntranc-inc" «Gori:igr Thotpai:) ; • (b* "Walta
Sonjr " <Virtor-Hertjfrt>. SII5B Ciussie Mast: or-
Rhti polo. "Cavatlna" (Rafr-Flpismerj. Charles
O.f-r-*; nia^io du«>t. ••Riiapi^xli* Hon^roise
JCol 3" • l.^ii-Iimd- !i. lie?.. I I'lper and Itema
Height.
Muiiy Difikmlt Selections From Funi
¦ ou«i ConijMJsors Will Be Rendered
t»y Si^rtitless Young Students.
BIJXD PUPILS WILI^
PEUFOIUI IX CONXERT
arid ': the eminent commander of Cali
%rhla : "Nbi'4 1 i-lH review the entireebm
rnahdery, niimtierMg about 6000, -in
Tempiar ¦uniform: : . Then - Califorrila
Commandery's 'famous", drill- -'team,
whichhasva number;of- victories .to Its
credit . and j has . for -some .time .been
drilling with a view to securing one of
the trophies, during conclave week, will,
under command of Captain -R. P. Hurl-,
but, give an exhibition drill. . .
.Theee. are the principal features of
the reception, but in addition there will
be concert music, vocal \ selections by
high class talent and a grand ball. The
.guests of. the commandery will each be
given a souvenir programme. The mem
bers of California No. 1 intend that this
shall: be one of the most magnificent
affair? they have ever given in honor
of an officer. . . .-.
To-day the Grand Commandery of
the Sta\e?iqf Calif ornta : , of the Knights
TempWr'-tv'ili gp)lntoj^ession\lti . the Ma
sonic Ternplft for -the purpose of trans
acting: such' business as will require]
the attention of that 'body, in addition!
to the election of grand officers for trie
current. Templar y^ar. The probabili
ties are that Sir. George SinsabaUgh
of Los Angeles, at present .the deputy
grand commander, will be advanced to
grand commander, to succeed Sir Wil
liam Durrant of Sacramento; Sir Jdhn
B. de Jarnett orColusa;' grand grenefal
issimo, will • be ¦ advanced to deputy
grand commander.
Matters relating to the reception of
the Grand Encampment of the United
States of America,: which is to hold its
Triennial Conclave in this city next Sep
tember, will occupy a portion of the
three days' session.
To-night California Commandery No,
1 will tender a reception to Its eminent
commander. Sir Thomas H. Browne, in
the Mechanics* Pavilion. All the officers
of the Grand Encampment of this, State
as well as the representatives from the
State commanderies to? the grand body
will be in attendance. It will be one of
the grandest receptions • of the kind
ever tendered to the head, of a com
mandery and will be an honor never
before tendered to one so young as is
Sir Thomas H. Browne. It is estimated
from the number of Invitations that,
have been issued that 6000 persons will
be present, and' it is possible the num
ber may reach 8000. •
Grand Commander Sir W. D. Knights
DISTINGUISHED MEMBERS OF THE MASOXIC, FRATERNITY, VTHO HAVEATTAINKD HIGH STATIONS IN THE «NIGHT8
TKMPLAR OP THIS RTATfi AND WHO WIL.I, UB PRESENT AT THE -RECEPTION' IN THE" MECHANICS 1 " PAVILION THIS
EVENING TO-TAKE PART-IN THE CEREMONIES. . , • .. ¦ ...
"Yep, I have," responded the Chief,
"and in my experience of twenty-two
years on the force it is the first time
that I have ever done so. I was forced
to this by the Commissioners and I
hav« ever eince regretted it."; ••
• ' No new facts were adduced in the
trial .yesterday. The Wilson-. woman
v.as slow in testifying, but told the old
strjrjr. - •
jj . The trial will .be resumed this morn
ing -at 10 o'clock, when Lulu Wilson
will be cross-examined by Attorney
Gibson. ......
"And you have broken that word of
Jionor, have you not?" asked Attorney
Gibson.
The Chief took Alexander's star from
him and placed him under suspension.
In the previous trial the'^wnson
woman refused to testify and was com
mitted to Jail for contempt. Finally
she look the stand and reluctantly told
a story that was damaging to the de
fendant]
During yesterday's trial Chief Witt
man, Captain Martin, Lieutenant Glee
ton and Lulu Wilson gave testimony
substantially the same as In the first
trial. - -
Witt man testified that he paid the
weman ?20 for her services and gave
his worfl that he would not drag her
into the trial.
"S^or the second <ime former Pdlice
"nran Ernest Alexander is on trial on a
charge of having accepted a bribe from
a 'fallen woman. Lulu Wilson, now
known as Mrs. Mamie Lin of Los An
ertles.
In the orevious trial the jury dis
agreed, and Alexander has since been
enjoying his liberty on bail.
The complaint alleges that Alexan
der while acting as patrolman in the
redlig:ht district accepted a. bribe from
ooe of the creatures who made her liv
ing on his beat. Further, It sa» that
the policeman forced her to pay tribute
to him at the rate of $2 50 per week un
der penalty of arrest.
' Becoming tired of such treatment, the
woman complained to Chief of Police
Witt man. and he, with Captain of De
tet-tlves Martin, set a trap for Alex
ander. The efffters took up a position
\n a room in a downtown restaurant
where they could watch proceedings,
pave some marked coin to the woman
and told her to seek Alexander and
bribe him if possible.
The Wilson woman signaled that she
had accomplished her purpose, where
upon Cartain Martin went out and
brought the patrolman to the room
v;Jiere hif* chief w-as« in waiting. Witt
man demanded that Alexander pro
duce what money he had in his posses
sion, and showed him that three of the
coins had been sent to him through the
woman. ¦
Sunday night — The Bishops and- other distin
guished men of the church -will occupy the
city's Methodist Episcopal . church pulpits.
. Monday, May 1' — The Bishops and the dele
gates to th* General Conference and' a large
body of local members of th« Methodist church
will leave Townsend-street • station on . special
train to attend the sessions of the conference
at Los Angeles. ¦ ¦
. Sunday afternoon — Closing session of the con
vention in the Alhambra Theater, with a simul
taneous meeting in the First Methodist ¦ Epis
copal Church, Oakland.. Bishop Fowler will
address the students at the Greek Theater,
Berkeley Sunday afternoon, on the invitation
of President WheeUr. ... ; .«
Sunday morning. May 1 — The Bishops and
Visiting" clergy will occupy the pulpits 'of all
the Methodist- Episcopal churches" in San Fran
cisco, Oakland. Alameda and Berkeley, also
pulpltB of Several of the leading churches of
other denominations. .-'-..' . ¦•• -
Saturday. April 20 — Morning' session' of con
vention'In 'AlftambrtTTSpaMr: -arfternoon ex*
curslon on th- bay on. the steamship .Santa
Rosa,"leavlng pier II;, 1 Broadway wharf-No. 2,
at -1:30' o'clock. Evening — Session of conven
tion in Alhambra Theater.. ¦ -. , . - , -
Friday, April 20 — Missionary convention ses
sions morning, afternoon and' evening in the
Alhambra vTheater. -Also a simultaneous ses
sion at the First Methodist Episcopal Church,
Oakland, which will be addressed by distin
guished visitors. . ¦"-. ? >'• . • .'-¦ '( . ¦
,; Friday. April 2&^-Openlng ot.unique mission
ary exhibit at the "Central Methodist Episcopal
Church, Mission street; tKtvreerr Sixth and Sev
enth.- • ¦¦.-•-.-- r • ..--. .» v *-r -*¦•-
A UXIQUK EXHIBIT.
Wednesday night, . April 27 — Bishops will be
divided among the various) prayer meetings of
the Methodist Episcopal church.
. 'Opening of missionary contention. > -
Thursday evening. April 2H— Beginning .of
missionary convention in Alhambra Theater,
at which several Bishops will speak. '
¦Tuesday ..evening, April 26 — Bishop Fpwler
will lecture on Abraham Lincoln In Alhambra
Theater. • . • < :
The programme for the annual meet
ing of Bishops and the programme for
the missionary convention will be car
ried out aa follows: ' ...
Monday, "•April 25— Bishops in all day s*s
slon. beginning at, 10 a. m., at the Occidental
Hotel. . ...
' Monday evening— Reception at 7 :30 to Bishops
and banqufet at 8- o'clock at Occidental Hotel.
Tuesday. Wednesday and Thursday, April
20, 27 and 28 — Bishops In all day session at
Occidental Hotel. ¦ ¦ ' -
On Monday, May 2, the prelates, some
of them from India; China, Africa and
Japan, will be Joined by clergymen and
laymen on their Journey to the Gen
eral Conference which is to open' in
Los Angeles May 4. . .- .::¦» "
On Saturday, April 30, the Bishops
and clergy and laymen attending the
conference will be invited to take a
trip "around the bay and .beyond the
Golden Gate on the steamship Santa
Rosa.
TRIP FOR GUESTS.
-Although there. will be but one after
noon , In which to j show the distin
guished visitors the city's most inter
esting points, . the committee (on ar
rangements has prepared to do all in
its power to avail itself of the lim
ited time for such, purpose.
,Qn Thursday night, April 28, the mis
sionary, convention, will begin its ses
sions in the Alhambra . Theater, to
which some hundreds of , representa
tive members of the Methodist denomi
nation are to come. The Bishops will
also .attend the ... deliberations t of the
convention.
Twenty Bishops of the* Methodist
Episcopal church will meet for the first
time in San Francisco in annual session
on Monday, April 25.
; «In the evening of the first day a re
ception and banquet are to be tendered
the distinguished -visitors at the Occi
dental Hotel. Covers for 275 will' be
laid. The sessions are to be held dally
at the Occidental Hotel.
The report • says that the * proposed
change is a desirable one and will per
mlt of much better service. The three ;
franchises^ for the entire road, which
expire in 1911, 1929 and 1944 respective- [
ly, permit of the use of electricity ex
cept on that portion between Parker
and First avenues and the corporation
expects to secure this right from the
Supervisors. The proposed poles are
wooden, but the Engineering Bureau
says that the poles on California street
from Presidio to Parker^g^fcvenues
should be of iron and modern girder
rails should be used in the track con
struction. On the outer section, where
but few Improvements have been made,
and where the franchise has but seven
years to run. ..the. wooden poles may
quite properly be used.
The S. Ducas Company donated a
piece of land running off Folsom street.
near-Precita avenue, for the purpose of
a street, to /be called Bessie avenue.
The City Attorney will be asked for
an opinion as to whether the street
can be dedicated as such.
CHIMNEY A NUISANCE.
The Bureau of Engineering reported
that the chimney of the Sanitary Re
duction Works is 'inadequate in itself
to carry off fumes and . smoke. The
report continues:
"So long as the garbage is as Im
perfectly consumed as it Is at present
and no proper attempt is made to se'
cure a complete combustion of the of
fensive matter, so long will the Sani
tary Reduction Works continue to be
an inexcusable nuisance, not only to
neighboring property, but to property
a mile or two away. This state of af
fairs existing in the center of our city
can and should be remedied." j
The Bureau of Engineering recom
mended that the Standard Oil Com
pany be granted a permit to lay a
six-inch oil pipe line on Sixteenth
street, but action .was postponed until
next PVidfty. . "v ''¦
The Bureau of Engineering reported i
that the lighting of exit lamps in |
theaters by independent circuit of elec
tricity is preferable to lighting by oil
and equally safe, provided proper safe- \
guards be employed. Should it be de- i
cided to use only oil lamps it Is recom
mended that an oil equally as safe as '
mineral sperm oil be exacted.
The board ¦ recommended that the
width of sidewalks <nn Devisadero
stret \betwpen Duboce avenue and
Fourteenth street be fixed at ten feet.
The Bureau of Engineering filed a re
port relative to the petition of the
United Railroads to reconstruct and
electrize its tracks on California street
from Presidio avenue to Thirty-second
avenue, . thence. t through private lands
to the Cliff Houie.
ELECTRIZING OF ROAD.
The Bureau of Engineering complained
of damage being done to the pavement
on. New Montgomery -street . by the
careless handling of oil in transferring
the same from the tank wagons to re.
ceivlng tanks, and f the" contractor.'fur
nishing the oil will be notified to" use
care in the matter. ..->*¦• ¦•" ¦•'•
The petition of the Laborers' Protec
tive Union that the city do its own
street sweeping and the sweepers be
paid $2 50 per day was referred to the
engineering bureau.
The petition of property owners on
Richland avenue, South avenue and
East Park street £hat they be allowed
to have their side sewers put in under
contract was taken under advisement.
D. Cotter, a builder, stated that the
work could be done more cheaply in that
way than by the Board of Works,
which denied the assertion. G. Round
ey intimated that a charter amendment
would be submitted to the people to
take the work out of the hands of the
Board of Works. -f ......
Mrs. G. L. Smith, president of the
California Club, appeared before the
Board of Public Works yesterday and
urged that body to grant permits to
sell flowers on the sidewalks desig
nated by the recently enacted ordin
ance establishing free public flower
markets. The board held that the or
dinance is illegal and therefore permits
could not be granted under it, but defi
nite, action on the matter was post
poned.
The board recommended that Mission
street, from Second td Third, be re
paired at a cost of 511,900. The esti
mate is made to include reconstruction
of curbs to the official sidewalk width
of fifteen feet, which will result in the
widening of the roadway eight feet- ,
The petition of employes at the street
sweeping bunkers^ for an increase of
wages to $SM) per month was taken un
der advisement. ~—
Big Assemblage to Meet Here
and Attend Deliberations
of Missionary .Convention
Ernest Alexander for Second
Time Faces Jury. Charged
With Most Serious Crime
Improvement of Mission
Street Between Second and
.Third. Is Recommended
AN INFLUX OF VISITORS
LULU WILSOX OX HAND
WILL WIDEX ROADWAY
Board of Works Eef uses to
Grant Permits to Sell
Flowers on the Sidewalks
Methodists Prepare to Give
Twenty Bishops a Hearty
Welcome to San Francisco
Witnesses Give Some Strong
Testimony Against Former
Patrolman* of '" Tenderloin
Six Hundred Members of Organization in Full Regalia to Pass in
' Review Before Two of the Order's Highest Officers---Ciaptain
R. P. : Hurlbat AVill Put. Team; Through anKExhibitifDn Drill
BRIBERY CASE
AGAIN ON TRIAL
HOLDS MEASURE
TO BE ILLEGAL
MAKING READY
FOR PRELATES
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR OF GOLDEN STATE
WILL RECEIVE EMINENT COMMANDER
THE SANi FRANCISCO', CALIi/ iTHUKSD^Y. v^^RIIi:- 21, 1904^-
"Be it. ever\ so humble,, there is no
place i like home," . and the. home can ;'-. be
f urnished with > •: pretty.: and : artistically
framed pictures at a very. moderate price
by fulling on Sanborn, :VaU'& Co, '741
liarket it ;¦;._ :r+$;«ti&l&£<*&.
JOHEPH . MEYER BUFFOCATED.-^-Joseph
Meyer; a bottler, residing .at ,88 Elliott Park,
w»b found dead in his bed yesterday, morning,
having been suffocated during the night by the
fumes of illuminating gas which had escaped
from a partly opened burner.-^ Meyer had been
a BUffoitr from paralysis for the last two. years.
Hi* family, believes that his .death was the .re
sult of an accident.' He was a native of Ger
many. TO years old. •:'«¦;.,.. .' : ,' ••,. ¦ .:: ', r .
4
ASVEBTisEaEEirra.
•R'ADIBM OHIEff
Ile^a-l Shoe Store IMsplay-
:in<r a TnbcV the Rare
aiid 31arvelous Metal
• i :-i«;.-:
'. The Rogal Shoe Store, at , corner
Omars' fend Stockton streets, is exhibU-
fn& a tub*" of Radium— Imported from
the Paris laboratory of Mme. Curie, the
famous discoverer. \ >
The tube is encased as elaborately as
tf Jt 'vere a splendid dlamond-^nd \vjth
reason, for at the present time Radium
Is -estimated to be worth about $8,000,-
000.00 per pound.
- Interesting radiographs taken by Ra-
dium a"nd samples of ore-^one a speci-
men of Bohemian Pitchblende, from
which * Radium comes— «re ' also dis-
played.. •
To attest the 'genuineness of the Ra-
dium exhibit the following letter by the
Professor of Physles of Columbia Unl-
ycrelty.U hunp in the Regal window:
i-i' 1 }^.* NEW' YORK. Feb. 13. 1904*.
Regal Shoe Co., 109 Summer Street
Boston. Mas*.
Gentlemen:' •• ¦.'."•
.. The material contained In the tubea
•furnished. by tbe L.. D. Gardner Co^-for
•exhibition in your stores, has been sub-
mitted to me for examination.
' ; J- have .made tests by the electrical
method, and can state for your informa-
tion- that the real Radium Is present.
Yours very truly.
. Oigned). GBO.B. PgGRAM. Ph.D.
> I {hereby certify that the above Is a
true copy, of , the original letter on file
at the office of .the Regal Shoe Co^.101-
111" Summer street, Boston, Mass. ."'.'•;
-¦ f ' -..(Signed) ' * ;
.^-T 1 ..^. .\ V PR£SCOTT L-HERSEY^. - ..
MUNYON'S /
RHEUMATISM
CURE
I WILL REFUMO T80B MOIET IF IT FA*t
I know that my RheumaUsim Cure will'
cure sharp shooting: pains In th© Arms,
Legs. Side. Back or Breast and Rheu-
matic Swellinjr or Soreness of any part
of the body In a few hour*.
It effects a speedy and permanent cxirm
of all forms of Rheumatism. Sciatica,
Lumbago, or pain in the back, Laoian***.
Stiff and Swollen Joints, and all pains la
hips and loins. This remedy doea not
! put the diaeaaa to sleep, but drive* it
from the system.- It neutralizes the acid
I and makes good, rich, red blood. .
Get a bottle of this remedy, and it you
. are not perfectly satisfied with results, X
1 will refund your money.
j If your blood Is Impure, or If you hare
Dyspepsia, or any liver or stomach trou-
ble, don't fall to use Munyon's Paw-Paw.
It cures Dyspepala. Nervousneas, Ca-
tarrh. Sleeplessness and makes you
! strong and well. —MUNTON.
Munyon's Paw-Paw Toni© at all drug-
gists*. Paw-Paw Laxative Pills, the best
Stomach and Liver Pills on earth. 25c a
bottle. .. . .l^.'.-L.
~_TV. ,^~ r " jrX. • ¦•
AT CUT RATES.
I've set the pace on rates aad on good
work and prompt delivery. Give m« a trial
'order and you'll continue to patronize me.
Try it. Here are a few figures:
DKVELOPINO: ' i
Roll of 6 IOcIRoII of 12 ...13c
PRINTING: ... t r
Sollo finish.. 3c to ScjVelox finish.. 3c to 6c
DATLIOHT LOADING FILMS 'In all
popular sizes at popular price*, ¦ -
Cameras of all kinds repaired at low
rates. . /:".-: j..'.
inn visiting- -^ni
CCKHtCX STYLES ->*O SIZES. ALSO
•usnics and PRortaxmNAL cards
THAT MAN PITTS
•rw-piTTa-TK. sutww.
1008 Market Street- •$%& ;
, SanFroncisco-
* * T»»ACC MAM ¦
Mcllin's Food and Milk is an
ideal combination and will
} nourish and strengthen your '
babv and make him grow.
t We should like to send a sample of Mellia's
Food free to your baby.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO- BOSTON. MAS*.
; (TQ Perfect Fitting f/i'V
j "V Eyeglasses; cM
¦ J , At Mouerate Cost {]
V642 /Markets*
3 viaiT-DR. JORDAN'S antArh
fHUSEUB OF AMATOHY^
0 £5 1I51 VL2Zt ' 27- *¦' 5:ii7ti . Z.T.Zzl. A
:Y ¦ '• Wr ; ¦¦ -Tfc, Larfat Autoaicsl Mc^nmlit^* \
: 0 > b*~&&--. VT»rl*.v Wahoui m any ronir»c»-.t A
V W3(5f di«i«e p«.ui.^ly . mr^i hrt)lf o ;j.,, •
O I IH3 ipeci»!i« on lir; Con'. . Ett. 36 ye.rs. , O
P §Z$T CR< J0MAN-0ISEASE3 -OF UIH 0
& i J&VL Tr«*lm:i>t personally «r br )n:er. a 4
' \ I W «S T9rt*94 Curm in trtty eaieondortake*^ - "
A & ' Ui - w 'j« '« n«. pnu,o%opi3Y .f /<
V » ( , F| T* HAXBUGS, HAIUO VXSS. lAY
' A » fl Ip " r«io»b»« book for tar*)- ¦- \- ; - -»--•£ »
(jj !>«. JoCDA."* it tx> . '-10S1 MarkMStta/r. P
¦SJ&E&&2B MENANDWOMErt.
' JMMri. I to I 'sji^m ' «liseh»r»ei, Inflammation*.
ffl&m -o»*f»»t-td a irtiutioas or . nl««rstloaa
fr*3>3 ¦•! t* iuieror*. ™ of mncosi niembraae*.
'* rrmrtfuiiihi. Pain'.MS, aad not attruv
Ks» VHE ET4H8 UHEWlCilCfl. gent or poiiooous.
%Sa. Cl*DlHlUTl.Q.g?3H Sold by DranHU.
' **>*•*• OT i * nt la P'» !n wr»pp«r.
-WhRT^ Strrft b * ex»r»«». pr»p»id. for
. V^fiWUBslUJ^O tl-OO. or 3 bottles 12.74-
¦¦ Clrcula/ tact on twaeat.
Weak.Men and Women
SHOULD D&E • DAMIANA ; BrTTERS. THB
Gnat Mexican Remedy. jlv M health »ni
•«trtactB to saxaal org»n» .TXpct^.333 . Market.
DIRECTORY
:¦; OF RESPONSIBLE '.HOUSES. -
taialogue and * Price Lisu aallbl
. • on Application.
FBEEH A2TD SAXT MEATS.
JAS. BOYFS It CA ¦ ; 8WPP»n« Butchtr»J tM
¦ '¦¦ ' ¦" .:;, on.8. . :- ¦¦ -,
1.UBKICAT1XO OILS; LEONARD A ELLJ3.
«ia Front ¦t..B.-F. Phun* M»la lilt.
•" PKntTrBro."". j.
L C. HUGHES. .. - PRcrraa.'
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
LITTLE
'BMES&frffrMMFlf ksr/k/J>50t
L; Miller &5dh5:^/I33 Crosbt Sljo:TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
CALL subscriber* ' contemplating a
chanr* of residence during" the STvumer
months - can ¦ have their paper forwarded
by mall to their, new address by notlfy
lnr THE CALL Business Office. This
paper will also be on '¦ale at all summer
resorts ' and is represented ' by a local
aarent In all the towns on the coast.
Santa, Fe Rejects Schedule.
The officials of the Santa Fe Rail
way have rejected the schedule pre
sented them by the machinists.. The
schedule was drawn up with a view
to regulating the hours of the ma
chinists. It is feared that a strike
may now occur in* the shops of tr>e
company.
"Billy" Burke in Public Life.
William F. Burke, a well-known
newspaper man of this city,' has been
appointed finance clerk in the ¦ Post
office at a salary of $1700 per annum.
He takes the place of Frank T. Ken
ney, resigned. This position is not
covered by the civil service.- .
STROLLING PLAYERS WILL
PRESENT CLEVER COMEDY
Ninth Monthly Pop Calculated to
Draw Large Audience at Y. M. C.
A. Next Saturday Night.
A Saturday night pop in' the form
of two clever little plays will be given
by the "Strolling Players" in the
Young Men's Christian Association
auditorium next Saturday evening.
The opening play will be "Hearts,"
a one-act ' comedy that 'was -awarded
the first prize at a recent contest in
New York. The cast will be, as fol
lows:
"Hearts" — Mrs. Cavendish (a .widow of 35),
Mrs. F. R. Eckert: Marion Carew. _Miss J.
Tanner; Lucy ta,»ervant). Miss V. Kin ks
ley; Cuthbert Devlin (a bachelor of 45),
Ownby Wade; Jerome RutleOx/e, A. C. Deckle
mann. . -> •
A -little skit recently written byy the
members of the "Strolling Players"
will close the —entertainment The
cast follows: .. .. v ,i •
"Jack Hardy's Seance"-^ Harry Mason (clam
of '06). G. R.'Brockm*nn; Jack' Hardy <hts
churn). William Melander; John Flaxseed
this uncle), H.B. Wood; -Kitty - Flaxseed, <hii
sweetheart). Miss V. Kingsley; Isaac O'Fian
acan (his tailor, with a strong Invoice), S. I.
Volz: Karl Schmidt {Janitor, and
a spiritualist of worth), E. ¦Ktolti.
~ . ' ¦ * ¦ — .'- '
S»UGHT DEATH WHEN DESPONDENT.—
Mrs. Charlts Filbert, 'whose husband is a la
borer,- wa* lour.d tn her room at 126A Rlghth
street «t 8 o'clock y-r trrday morning at the
point of death. The woman, who is rather
pretty and of Spanish extraction, bad a mltun
derstandlng with her husband a few rtaj ¦% ago,
after which he went to Santa Cruz to work and
said he would send her $10 a week until his re
• urn. Becoming despondent, ehe. closed her
b«droom door and turned' on the cas. She!
wit removed to the Emergency Hospital at 0
o'clock yesterday morning and may recover. I
Petitions in ' in:, jlvency- we're—filed in
the United States District Court yes
terday as follows: •
Creditors of Y. Yokota & Co., 332
Post street, allege that on April 19
that firm made an assignment of all
its property to T. Aiye for the benefit
of its creditors. They are G. Amano,
56000; T. Sguire, 51200; Y.. Tsumara,
51000; T. Komada & Co., 52S00, and T.
Kaidow. 5500. '
W. S. Canon, a- merchant of Sacra
mento, filed a petition in voluntary in
solvency. He owes 57087 and has no
assets. His principal creditors are the
Bank of San-Xuis Obispo, 54837, and
E. B.Moore.of Sacramento, 52200.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Health* Board Committee' Takes Steps
to Reduce Infant Mortality in
Found line Institutions.
Drs. Hughes and Harvey of the
.Board of Health and M. J. White, sec
retary of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children, the com
mittee appointed to investigate the
< onduct of maternity hospitals and
foundling asylums, held a meeting yes
terday. It was decided to insist that
vh«* institutions have a system of reg
istration of births and daily reports to
the Health Office. It was also agreed
to require midwives to report imme
diately any births that may come un
der their observation, under penalty
of prosecution. Another meeting of
the committee will be held shortly to
outline more fully the means to be
taken to reduce infant mortality In
this city-
SI ATERMTIl - HOSTITALS
ARE TO BE REGULATED
•Scenic Treasures of California. Most
complete souvenir book ever issued.
Price iToc.^r "Mexican hand-carved sta
tionery." 50c per box. Sanborn. Vail &
Co., 741 Market st. - ¦ •
The situation was' discussed :by the
Mlniste— ' and Deputies prior to the
sitting of the Diet. Premier Tisza de
clared • the Government could not ne
gotiate with the : strikers; - he -had
ordered troops to be summoned to as- :
sist, in. the re-estabjisnment of order
and-" had instructed the ." railway and
telegraph regiment to operate the rail
roads. - An, example, he added, must be
made of. the .ringleaders of the strike.
Another batch of 500 .railroad men
from Flume have been arrested; The
men' in the -'Western workshops of the
Western. Railroad -, have joined the
strikers. The latter have disconnected
the telegraph' instruments at .various
points, severing communication.
A band of fifty railroad men seized a
train at Bai-Torbagy, brought it to
Budapest and reported themselves to
the police, who Instituted criminal pro
ceedings against them. • ¦
The railroad stations are. guarded by
troops. A number of strikers' delegates
who arrived here to attend a meeting
have been arrested. The price of pro
visions already has risen. ' Up to the
present time 450 railroad employes
have been arrested. • ' .
BUDAPEST, April 20.— The strike, of
railway men which began yesterday
on thk Hungarian ' Western Railway
has become general, and on all the
Hungarian State railways to-day the
traffic is .at-..a" complete standstill. The
Southern Railway, which is, not owned
by the Government, -alone. managed'to
start trains ' out • of Budapest to-day.
Six trains 'due last night have not yet
arrived. The ; strike, committee, >by
telegraph, ordered ail traffic to stop at
midnight, and all trains to be aban
doned by their crews at- the stations
where each happened to be at that
hour. The. committee .proposes .to.dis
patch trains to .places ,'alongr' the '.line
for the purpose of bringing the strikers
into Budapest! but no passengers will
be carried on these trains.. The ?en
declare they are willing to return to
work If their demands for increased
pay, which they claim was promised
them by Premier '. Tisza, are granted
and the strike leadr-s reinstated.
Outbreak §aid' to Be Caused
by Ti^za's Failure to.
*^ ' • Increase Pky.' :
COUNT TISZA, HUNGARIAN PRE
MIER WHO-IS SAID TO HAVE
CAUSED. STRIKE. -,. •* ¦¦'¦-
President Holland, except for hi* hur
ried trip through the corridor,, was In
visible yesterday. When a request for
an interview was sent to him after the
adjournment of the conference he sent
Treasurer Starr to say that the com
pany had nothing whatever to say.
This morning at 10 o'clock the repre
sentatives of the company and those of
its employes will meet again to exam
ine the artic^s of agreement prepared
last night under the supervision of Gen
eral Manager Chapman and Tirey L.
Ford, attorney for the . United Rail
roads. If they shall prove satisfactory
to those in the conference the articles
will be submitted to the men.
Whether or not these shall be consid
ered as sufficient concessions by the
United Railroads will depend upon the
men.
From Mahon It was learned that
some form of an -agreement had been
reached' in the conference, the accept
ance of which will rest entirely with
the men affected when they meet to
night. The exact terms have-not been
put in -written language, but each sec
tion of the agreement between the
United Railroads and its employes has
been clearly defined. The sections com
prise forty-three in all and deal with
all the questions brought up at , the
previous strike In addition to two new
clauses. These latter are said to relate
to a flat rate of 27 cents per hour, .to
which the company Is said to have
agreed, and a straightaway hour, propo
sition, with allowances for overtime of
ten hours' labor.
RESTS WITH THE MEN.'
Eventually the room was vacated,
one by one drifting out. First came
Richard Young, . representative of
Brown Bros., the New York bankers
who underwrote the bonds for $20.0<>0,
000, which financed the purchase of the
holdings of the United Railroads. He
was on his way to New York via the
elevator and had only time to reach
his hotel and pack. He knew absolutely
nothing, but his avowed departure for
the East was the first signal of an
agreement between the contending del
egations. Young is not a man to quit
a field when the Issue is doubtful.
Next came International President
Mahon, Local President Cornelius and
Thomas Bolan of the Carmen's Union.
Mahon was suave and tactful as usual.
Cornelius, suffering under an accumu
lation of boils, was more than usually
reticent Bolan bluntJy announced he
had nothing to say. - - ¦
Inion Will Meet to Deter
mine on Acceptance of the
Terms Offered by Company
Whether or not there will be a strike
by the streetcar operators in this city
will be determined at the union meet
ing of the men which will probably be
held to-night. They will pass upon the
terms offered by the United Railroads
of San Francisco under which they
must labor or quit. - .
The end of the conferences between
the toilers, represented by their Inter
national president, their local president
and one of the operatives on oi^* side
and the officials of the United Kail
road^ on the other, ended at 6 o'clock
last night. Both sides were pledged to
secrecj'. and none of the participants
was willing to leak a drop of informa
tion. Whatever became public indi
cates that the United Railroads is of
fering terms upon the acceptance of
which industrial peace for its present
employes and the convenience of the
San Francisco public depend.
After a morning session of the con
ference lasting from 10 to 12 o'clock and
an afternoon confab that consumed
five hours. President' Holland of the
United Railroads fluttered through the
corridors ol the eighth floor of the
Rtalto building, where the company's
offices are. He held in his hand a few
sheets of paper and smiled pleasantly
as he disappeared into an office where
a typewriter . immediately got busy.
Then he came back with a typed docu
ment in his hand, .still smiling and
went into the conference room again.
CONPEREXCE ADJOURNS.
gAKRONj? Colo.v April 20.— Judge Ar
mour" to-day overruled the motions for
a'new. trial in the Joseph Meenan mur
der case as , to • two defendants, Perry
, Tuttle and Elmer _ Shanks, . and sen
tenced them to imprisonment for life at
tiar'd labor; He granted the third de
•fendant,' George L. : Tuttle, a new trial.
'A stay "* of sixty days Was granted to
the two. men to* enable them to apply
tOtthe'Supreme. Court for a supersedeas
and; ninety days allowed them to pre
pare a' bill of exceptions. When Judge
A fmour 'announced his decision Perry
.Tuttle fell prostrate on the floor in a
dead-faint, and the services of a phy
•sician'were necessary to revive him.
; The murder of Meenan was the out
come of a range feud which had much
of the- aspect of the famous Dewey case
in A Western Kansas. The Tuttles are
me'mb'er's of one of the wealthiest cattle
raising families in this section. Joseph
Meenan was a small ranchman.
KANSAS CITY. April 20.— At>"a meet
ing v held_ in New York. City important
changes have been made. in \ the direc
torate of the Kansas.. City.,; Southern
Railway, " which it is believed portend
an attempt on : the' part of the Holland
stpckholders to wrest the control of the
property from the '..Harriman-Gould. in
terests, now.'iri cbntrol.il The .following
changes have been" made:
' George J. Gould 'ceased *to, be first
vice president .and ; waV' succeeded' by
Herman Seilcken, a'New- York broker,
who is representing' the Holland inter
ests; . John Lambert of.. Chicago, a di
rector | representing 'the Harrimari-
Gould interests, was \ retired; arid v the
office of general "counselor, held .by
Max Pam of New York,, who also repre
sented^ the Harriman-Gpuld interests,
was,- abolished.' The' office"* of 'general
counsel paid -a- salary, of . $15,000 a year.
' 'Gould, it is stated; will' retain 'his po
sition as a director of the railroad. and
as. a member^ of the* voting trust. The
voting. trust,, which came into existence
in 1900, when the <, j Harriman-Gould
crowd secured 'control' of .the property,
at Its reorganization,' will, it" Is also
stated,, expire within" a year, when the
Holland stockholders,' now ln,the,minor
ity, hope, to regain .'control of the rail
road. Besides' Gould,' E. H. Haorrinian
STOCKTON,, April 20.— Grand Presi
dent H.:R. McNoble of the Native Sons
of the Golden "West. has just concluded
his annual report to r the Grand Parlor.
He reviews the' work of the year' just
passed 'and makes a number of recom
mendations • of general ' interest to the
entire State. •'. :.¦' : ' • * '
The most . important feature of, the
report Is* the recommendation that Yo
semite National .Park be re-ceded from
the State to'' the "Federal Government to
be controlled and improved by the lat
ter. In 'the hope of encouraging 'tour
ist travel Ho! California In general -and
the Tosemite Valley in particular by
reason , of better,, accommodatipns. v and
better roads. - a ¦•,";•.',.
It is also, recommended in v the re
port that' a^ home for the widows and
orphans. "of 'members of the order of
Native /Sons 'be -provided. ; ' -" - ." •
An increase • of i about: 2000 members
of the -order- throughout the State is
reported for the^ year. " - '
The repair. and purchase of a num
ber of historic missions and landmarks
is ref erredi to and progress in con
nection .with the erection of a monu
ment In' menioriam of the Donner party
is reported. . The report is very exten
sive and shows in. detail all; the work
of the Native, Sons of the Golden West
during the 'past-year. „ . , .
1/erry Tuttle and Shanks
| G(rio" Jail ..While formers
Gets a Rehearing
Move Is Believed to Por/
tend Attempt by Holland
to Gain Control of the Road
Since December, as the natural con
sequence of this* move, the Pacific
Coast has been flooded with represen
tatives of Middle West jobbing houses,
who have succeeded in getting away a
considerable volume of trade from the
Pacific Coast jobbers. This benefit the
Middle West jobbers did not share
¦with the retailers, but kept it 'all for
themselves. The Pacific Coast Manu
facturers' and Jobbers* Association
took the matter up recently with the
transcontinental railroad officials and
the entire facts were discussed at
length. It is said that the railroad
men were anxious to find a way for
restoring the carload rate on liquors.
The decision has been reached now to
give the carload rate again. As a re
sult the liquor men of the coast will
be happy, as the decision once more
secures to them the trade of the coast.
ThV transcontinental railroads will
pnt into effect on April 25 a tariff of
rr«at Interest to the liquor men of the
Pacific Coast. Thereby the differential
on liquors in wood .will be restored.
Nothing is more important to the Pa
cific Coast, by reason of its situation
on the remote edge of the . continent,
than the continuance of the carload
rate on freight, that permits Jobbers
to bring out goods in large quantities
at & lower cost than that charged to
the Middle "VTest Jobber on the ship
ment of small quantities*. The Pacific
Coast differential permits the Pacific
Coast retailer and consumer to share
In the benefit obtained by the Pacific
Coast Jobber.
This is the essential point that was
raised in the famous case in which the
St. Louis Jobbers were beaten in their
contention with the Jobbers of this
coast before the Interstate Commerce
Commission. Last December the car
load rate on liquors of all kinds in
wood was withdrawn by the trans
continental railroads and an "any
quantity" rate took the place of it.
The reason assigned for this by the
railroad people was that the carload
rate had been Juggled by the assem
bling of small quantities of liquors,
constituting mixed carloads. This
Aversion of the traffic men to mixing
drinks resulted, as had been said. In
th« withdrawal of the carload rate on
liquor* in wood.
New Tariff Appears April 25
That Gives Trade Back to
States Upon the Pacific
¦Executive Officer Reviews
Work of Past Year and
Makes Timely Suggestions
BOTH SIDES ARE SILENT
MDDLE WEST SHUT OUT
GIVES LIFE SENTENCE
CHANGE IS SIGNIFICANT
ANNUAL REPORT FILED
Conference Between Officials
and Employes Said to
Have Come to Agreement
Judge Armour Denies a .-New
Trial to the Two vCattle
m'en Who Killed "a Rancher
Transcontinental Railroads
Approve Contention of the
Coast Jobbers in Liquor's
President McXoble of Native
Sons Recommends Giving
Control to the Government
Position of Vice President
of Kansas City Southeni
Eaihvay Goes to 8eilcken
RESTORE RATE
ON CARLOADS
SEALS DOOM
OF MURDERERS
CARMEN MUST
DECIDE ISSUE
GEORGE GOULD
IS DISPLACED
WOULD RE-CEDE
YOSEMITE PARK
STRIKERS TIE
UP RAILROADS
IN BUDAPEST
THE ; SAN FRANGISGO' CXLU " THURSDAYf-'APRiL: ¦ 21 ; l904;
and John W. Gates are now members
of'the\voting trust.
5
THE GEYSERS
Tha Moat Pam oua Health, and Pleasure
' Sesort la Calif ormla.
•THE CLIMATE AND SCENERY are unsur-
patsed and- the waters are acknowledged the
best «n the market. Natural mineral, steam
and Hammam baths. . Swimming lake of tepid
mineral water. Boating, hunting, ' fishing,
dancing, - shuffle-board, billiards and croquet. -
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES; have been
renovated throughout, and new cottages and a
fine pavilion built this year. I
< There will be a fully, equipped dairy and liv-
ery stable In connection with the hotel. The
hotel/ cottages, bath bouses and grounds are
lighted by electricity. ¦' - - .
• The hotel will be supplied with the beet the
market affords. Rates. $10. $12. $14 and *1«
per week. For. further particulars and booklet
write . R. H. CURRY, Prop. The Geysers,
' - - Sonoma County, California,
VACATION 1904
V IS NOW READY POR DISTRIBUTION.
'"VACATION" is issued an-
nually* by .the
California Northwestern R'y
, 1HK FIOTCRESQUE ROUTE 07 CALIFORNIA
and Is the standard publication
• on the Paciflc Coast for lnforma- /i ;V*
' tlon. retarding
v MINERAL SPRING RESORTS;
COUNTRY HOMES AND FARMS
WHERE SUMMER BOARDERS
ARE TAKEN, AND SELECT CAMP-
INCYSPOTS. 1
.This year's edition, . "Vacation
" 1 904," .-contains over 150 pages,
'beautifully illustrated, and is
-complete in Its detailed informa-
' ' tion as to location, accommoda-
* . • ,, tions, ¦;,' attractions, ' etc., ' with '
• : ; terms, from $7.00 per week up.
i^ .":;:¦, i •, • .'¦ .- , ¦' . _ . . • ¦." ¦ s^~~\~".
-> To be had at : Ticket Of flees, 6S0 Market
Street (Chronicle Building); and Tiburon Ferry.'
foot of. Market Street; > General Of flee. Mutual
Life Uullding, ccrner of Sansome and California
Streets, Ean Francisco; In ', Oakland .at »72
Broadwayr:.-
Appllcatioas by Kail Will KsosIts Xm<
... ...,,.., jj^jatg JieBponse, -
: ' H. C aVwHITING. Gen'l Manager. 5"^ >
. . V R. X.. RYAN. G en'l Pass' r Agent.
Cnhl'RviV CPDINliC* Beautifully - situated
Mill A pAI 3rKlWU5 on Clear Lake. For
rest, or -recreation. . Hunting, fishing., boating,
steam ; launch, horses,- tennis, cromwt, dark:
room; : swimming, warm eoda . geyser in* bath-
house,, clubhouse, etc. • - Remodeled . and lm-'
proved.' increased accommodations," modern con-
veniences. .- Climate and scenery unsurpassed.
Table. a.epecialty. .'Rates per week,' $10 to $15.
Photon and information from Chatfleld & Vln-
zent, 228 Montgomery. St., S. F.y or address E.
Jane .Gardiner (formerly • manager. Tamalpals
Tavern),. Soda Bay. Kelseyvllle, P. O., Lake
County; .California. :';: ¦¦¦"¦,¦ •¦¦"¦- --¦
L;AKEPORT -AND BARTLETT ., SPRINGS
STAGE LINE: — Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via LaHeport,' carrying passengers for Lakeport
and ¦ Bartlett Springs. ; , Stages connect :¦ with
trains at' Hopland. Leave Hopland at 12:30;
arrive 'at^Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at Bartlett
Springs ' at 7 :30. t New ' 6-horse 14-passenger
tourist; wagons, -.with ail the most modern-. im-
provements.- Passengers for Lakeport 1 or Bari-
leti Springs, 4 call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line. > Tickets can be purchased at of flee
of * California -«N. W. Ry., 650, Market St., or
at Tiburon ferry..* ' • " . •
, . '. , -i . - ¦'•yrMILLER & HOWARD. ; Props. ,
HOWELL MT4 WOODWOITB'Sf{\VSi:
No > fog. - Purest spring , water. ; Climate . natural
tcrlo • and < invigorator. Residence • 29 years. - $7
per .week.' Wood wortk A Muller, St. Helena, Cal.
WHY NOT TRY-
IFYOU ARE GOING TO THE
Springs
\UG OFFER YOU' THE BEST OF MINERAL
" waters, accommodations and service. -Ta-
ble unsurpassed. - Rooms hard finished, lighted
by electricity. Buildings newly painted. All
the popular . sports and amusements. Livery,
telephone and postoffice. . ,
Shortest* route' and cheapest - fare to Lake
County. Most centrally situated. Delightful
excursions on Clear Lake and to other resorts.
' Make your reservations now.
TERMS— $10 to 117 60 per week. For Book-
let, etc., call. on. our agent,- H. R. DUFFIN.
638 Market Street, or addrees » - .
CRAIG & KERR,
' ' ,- Highland ' Springs. Cal. '
SARMtsPRINGS.
Extensive' Improvements this year. A' new
spring found which will effect more cures in a
day than. the' other waters in a week; 15 miner-
al springs.,' .We guarantee -cure for v dyspepsia,
kidney, liver, stomach, rheumatism, blood," skin
diseases, etc. $10 to $16 per week. - Information
Peck's Bureau,. 11' Montgomery st.. or J. MAR-
TENS, Batchelor. P. O., Lake Connty, Cal."
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
"IN THE MOUNTAINS BT THE SEA."
BEN LOMOND— Santa Cruz County. .
.'"'•¦ REGULAR SEASON.' ; '
"Will open May 15th under entirely new man-
agement. Round 'rip tickets from San Frac-
Cisco $3.00. For booklet apply Peck's Bureau,
.11' Montgomery 'st..' 8. F.,- or" to WILLIAM '<i.
DODGE,- Lessee. . . „ ¦ o. •• .
'. . .-.•.- - -.- ' ¦-.¦) ¦' . _^ .-*•¦• .-...- ....-¦ ':
Napa Soda; Springs.
:¦ The famous /mountain 'health and pleasure
resort Is- now oi>en for. the. patronage of .-the
public. Address f - ' , ; JOHN: JACOBS.
TUXJElip HPXEL.
Extensively . improved . since V last, .season.
Opens April 1. « THOS. I* BBLL;*Mgr*.. Felton.
CaL Buy tickets to. Tuxedo.' narrow-gauge,
foot ef Market. street, Round trip, $3.00. • %-• -
140s; ;gat:os^
- HOTEL'^ LYNDON— Modern "•. improvements.
extensive grounds: -popular amusements; lawn
tennis, croquet; climate, unsurpassed. . Opposite
depot ¦*"'• •¦-.•¦ J.-P.' MOGEXSON. Prop.
,.¦ ¦¦¦¦\-.'i- •/ ¦• ¦:¦¦>'[
Swanton'-' House ,\', under, .new management,
popular > hotel of -' San.- Mateo ' Co.'. Commodious
cottages. • beautiful grounds, famous ' pebble
beach,: fishing.*. hunting, "seat bathing. ¦ Phone.
Rates. $8 " and; $10; per, 1 week. -G.- C.- LUCE,
Proprietor!" ;" ¦'.«¦- .' - :. '.C •'•••,.^;'-'. .^ - . ;-, -
HARBIN SPRINGS— MpsV desirable' in Lake
Co. ; '- contain sulphur. , Iron, magnesia I and
arsenic; 'wonderful cures of ¦ rheumatism, ca-
tarrh, paralysis, 1 dropsy, ' • ¦ kidney, - liver. • and
stomach,. troubles; new .'gymnasium, 'bowling
alley, handball' court and billiard room.* Round-
trip tickets. 8.-P.',otflce; <8. J.. A.; HATS.! Prop.
M OUWTAXH 'TZEW ' SAMOX XOTXZi
¦ UA . and 'cottages. In -the -mountains, near Santa.
Crus. First-class table and accom.. gas, baths,
pbone, dally .¦ mail. . bowling, .- croquet, amuse-
ment e; terms. $9 up. Campers to Glen wood, Ir.c -
carriage.'. $3 75 round ¦ trip.i FRANK R. DANN,
Santa Crue. Fredericksen & Sutton. Managers.
BESWOOS TU.LA BZSOXT.
. Excellent board.- home cooking; tent ground.'
if desired,'. with board,' |5.. Room and board $8
t-j $10.. Best • hunting and fishing-. MRS. A. L.
ACKERMAN.'-La. Honda,* San » Mateo County.
WILLOW RANCH, delightfully " located ; In
redwoods, 5 miles from Santa Crus. Spring
water,* fruit, milk, excellent table;- dally mall;
free conveyance; $7 week; long distance phone.
MRS. ,W>.CR AN DELL. Santa Crua. Cal.
ROCKY Falls Farm. '4 miles from' Santa Cms.'
In mts. . G.M.Shlppey,144 R.F.IX.Snts. Crux
_- -ADVERTISEMENTS. -
jlpARTERS
SICK HEADACHE
.Positively cured by these
Xittlo Pilla.
ThsyalsoreUere Distress from Djspepsb,
Iwugestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Month, Coated Tongia
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dosa.
Small Price.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
"s<ir i»s. Steamers leave Broadway
• /SJ^-^S&V wharves. Piers 9 aad 11.
[*Y San Francisco.
AlTlU 1- V*\ Kcr Ketchikan. Wranxtl.
I / \TVfill 1 Jun^au. Halnes, Skagw^,.
I I \ntA I «*c.. Alaska — 11 a. m.. Apr.
\#V Yl Vcfl 1<>v - 20 - =5 -^°. May'5. Chasgo
\jSvP_ "j, S&/ to ' Company's steamers ut
1 X?f*t5»2W/ Seattle.
>Q >> y For Victoria. ' VancoTJ»«r.
Port Tow-nsend Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. B*l-
llnsham— 11 a.'m., Apr. 15. CO. 25. 30. May S.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
foi Alaska, and U. X. Ry.: at Seattle or T<-
coma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C: P. Ry
For Eureka, iHumboldt Bay) — Pomona. . i :3»
p. ,m.; Apr. 16. T2, 'M. May 4. Spokaa*. 1:30.
p m., Apr. 19. 25. May 1.
Kcr l>is Ant»!«s (via Port L.O* Anj«i»i »nl
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. tn.
KUte of California. Thursdays. 3 s.m.- .
- For Los Angeles <vla San Pedro and Eart
San. P«dro). Santa Barbara. Santa Craz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford lS*u
IJBhti Obispo). Ventura and H.ieneme'.
Ssnta Cruz. 9 a. m.; Apr. VJ. (Frelrtt only.)
Bonita, 9 a. m.. Apr. 21. 29. May 7. ¦' •
For Knsensda,.Masdalena Bay. San Jose df!
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Re-
sal!a. Guaymas (Mex.). .10 a.' m.. 7th of each
month.- For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sallies'
dates. ' • • -.-...
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montenra-
erv st. <Pa!ace Ilotel>. 10 Market Sl« and Broad.
way wharves. Trelg-ht Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Pa»««ns;er Agrent.
10 Market st., San Franclnco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. CO Suttsr st.. will
call for and check baggage from hotels an i
n?f ldenges. Telephone Exchange 312.
AMI2ICAN X«I£< C
Flymouth — Cherbourg — Sonthamptoa.
From New York Saturdays at S>:aa a. m.'
St. Louis April aOISt. Paul May tl
Germanic' ......May 7IPhiladelphla....May 21
- ATJjAKTXO TSANSPOBT LINE.
• New York — London Direct.
Meraba Acril 30. 0 a. m.
Minnetonka. .......... May T. 11 :3O a. m.
Minnebaha May 14. 4 p. in.
Minneapolis May 21, 10:20 a. m.
Onl7 flrst-class pa->sen?er» carried. •
DOMINION I^XNB.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passdge.
Kensington Aor. 3C[Scuth«car^ May 14
Dominion Mav 7ICanada ".May '£X
HOLLAH3-AM2SICA LWE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers o? 12.M» Tons.
Hew Tork — Rotterdam, Via Bonloffna.
Salting Tuesday* "t 1" a. m.
I N'oordam.... ...Apr. 'Jijinottsrdam May tT
Potsdam May lOlRynrJam. May H
BED STAS LIKE.
Hew Tork— -Antwerp— Paris.
From- New York ¦ Saturdays at 10:20 a. m.
Finland Apr. :>OfKroonland May 14
Vaderland ;May TiZeeland... May 21
WXXTE STAS LIKE.
Hew Tork — Qneeastowa — LlverpcoL
Sailinz Wednesdays.
I Arablc.Apr. 29. 5 p.ro.!Celtic. ..May IS. 4. p.m.
[ Oceanic. May 4. 9 a.m. Cedric: .May IR. 7 a.m.
j Teutonic. May 11, 10 am. (Majestic. May 25.1Oam-
' ' Boston — Queenstown — Liverpool. -
Rernbllc (new) Apr. 30. June 9. July T
Cretic.J May 5, June 2. Jun» 3<»
Cymric : May 19. June 1«. July 14
BOSTON MEDITEKJtANEAIT SESTXOS.
Azores, Gibraltar, Haplcs, Genoa.
ROMANIC May 14. June IS. July ."<>
CANOPIC. : . . .May 2$. July 2. Au*. 27
C- D. TAYLOR, Passenger A«;ent Pacific Coast.
-\-V •-.- 21 Post st.. San Francisco. . 1-- :. ,-
Boston to Liverpool Qa.JSow»
"CYMRIC"...... May 19. "June 16. July 11
"REPUBLIC" Apr. 30. June 9. July 7
"CRETIC" May 6, June 2, June SO
First class, $60 and *C5 upwards,' accord,
ins to steamer. . ¦ •
Azores, Gibraltar, Naples, Geaoa.
"CANOPIC" May 28. July 2, Au*. 27
"ROMANIC". May 14, June 18. July 30
i - These steamers are the larzest tn the
; . Mediterranean service. First class $65 up.
-ward. Send for rates and illustrated booklet.
For Plans, etc., 1 apply to • ; ¦' '.
C. D. • TAYLOR. Passenger A«ent Pacific
1 Coast. 21 Post st.. San Francisco. -¦
i • — ~ — : ~~~~7^~ — "
Jfamburg-American.
Semi-Weekly Twin Screw Sex-rice
1 FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG, HAMBURG.
i THE ORE AT OCEAN 7X.TZS, /
S. S: Dcutschland
686^ ft. long— 23ii knots average speed.-
Salls May 12, June 9.. July 7, Au*T 4.
Columbia .April -21 t*Moltke May ."»
Pretoria April S3 Bulgaria....... .May 7
t'Bluecher...'.. April 28 *DeutschIand...Uayl2
Waldersee April .'i0 Pennsylvania. . .May 14
' . *IIas grill room and tgymnaslum on board.-
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
' (ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
1 . Steamers will leave wharf, corner First an<t
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and ' HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki - and ¦ Shanghai. .- and connecting - at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
: cargo received on board on day of sailing.
! S.S. AMERICA MARU......
Thursday. May 12, 1304
- Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. •' For' freight and " passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street., corner First.
! ¦ • -. .'• W. H. AVERT," General Agent.
O. R. & N. CO.
' OREGON ' sails Arrll 7. 17. 27. May 7. 17
and 27. . GEO. W. KL.DEP. sails April IX 23.
May- 2, 12 and 22. Only steamship lisa to
PORTLAND, OR-.' and ' short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through' tickets
to all Dolnts. . Steamer tickets include bertii
and meals. Steamer palls foot o" Spear St.. at
11- a.* m. 8. ' V. BOOTH, Gen. Act. Pass.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery st.: C CLIFFORD. On.
Agent Freight Dept.. ' 8 Montgomery st. ' . '
AAainlAff K f*A <**" l "». »»»oa, new
occanics.sxo. sssRa^
S S. MARIPOS A. for Tahiti." Apr. 23. 11 "au*. m.
s"'S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Apr. 23.11a.m.
s' S.tGUPRRA., for Honolulu. Samoa. Auek-
. land and Sydney. Thurs.. May 5. 2 p. in.
I.D.SFKECKELS 4 BEOS. CO.,A]i:tS.,TiCfet OSLtt 643 Mir-
itt St., Fielilit Dice 329 Maria sl, . Pisr 7, Paclia Su
COMPAQNIB OEMIBALS TP.AN3ATLAHTIQC*. '
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. . "^*w
Sailing every ThuxBday instead of -JmOKM
Saturday/ at 10 a..m.. from Pier 42. , -**-»*5*
Korth River, foot of Morton^ st.
First class. to. Havre, |70 -and upward. S*e-
j ond i class to Havre," *45 and upward. GEN-
ERALAGENXT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA " 32' Broadway (Hudson .building).
New York. -J F. FL'GAZI & CO.; Pacins Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
| Tickets -sold, by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
i .* -! Mara Island and Valle Jo' Steamers.
' Steamer GEN. FKISBIE of MONT1CELLO—
9-45 a.'m.."'3:15 and 8:U0 p. m.V except , Sunday.
Sunday. 8:45 a.' m., S:30 p. m.- Leave Vallejo
7 a m.. 12:30 and 6 p. . m.. ¦ except • Sunday.
Sunday. 7 a.- m.. 4 :15 p. • m." - Fare, : 5O cents.
Tel. • Main ¦ 1SCS. Pier 2. Mijvioa-st. aoci.
HATCH' BROi BBB*V2BSM
IBARTIBTT
spRraes.
If you have never been to Bart-
lett, send for a booklet that will
tell you all. about the Springs' and
how to, reach, there. ; ..;. •.
Make it a point to visit Bartlett
this season and you will never re-
gret the. trip. ' " ¦'* ' "
Those wjio goi to Bartlett once
are sure to go again. , < ' •
The waters are the best in the
State, the fishingg fine, the table
good, and no pains spared in mak-
' ing the" guests comfortable. .
RATES— ?12.OO to ?17.50
per "week.. ¦
Write J. E/McMAHAN, Bart-
lett Sprii.gs. . Gal., or call at« 2-
Sutter street, San Francisco.-;
BLUE
Ideal . Summer Resort. Hunting, Boating.
"Fishing. • Music every ' evening. Send for
pamphlet. C. WEIEMAN, Midlake P. O., Lake
County, Cal. . - : . • :.
LAKES
or call on Dr. Happersberger, 1104 Market st,
¦ • ¦ San Francisco. . - •
•^ __ HOT SPRINGS. ; SONOMA
QlfA/2/mQ COUNTY; . only. 4% hours
%J l\ ft %J W U from San Francisco ' ' and
: ¦ . '¦; but 9 miles 'staging;, .wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; beet natural
hot mineral water bath in State; boating- and
swimming in Warm Springs Creek; good trout
streams; telephone, telegraph, dally mail* ex-
press and San Francisco morning and evening
papers" FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE' both morning and afternoon. stages;
round trip from San Francisco. only $5 50. Take
Tiburon ferry dally at 7:o0 a. m. or 3:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the past nine 'years:-! Patronage, of
1803 unprecedented. Information at Peck's In-
formation Bureau. 11 - Montgomery st.." or of
J. F..MULGREW. Skaggg, Cal. '. .
CAMP: VAGATrON.
' Hotel under canvas on" the Russian* ' River
below. Guerneville in a groveamile and a.halt
long, skirting tlie ; river ; tennis courts; 40 new
boats; will bulld-a dam in* the. river; '4 mijes.
of smooth water for boating and bathing.
Adults %'£ per .day. J"$IO 'per .week;" 'children
under -10 half rates. Special' rates for faml-
"lles.* Opens May.l^^'Address MRS.'.L'.'C." CNO-
PIUS,'- Camp -Vacation, P.: G.,\So-'
noma County,' Cal.'. ; . . ' ' ¦"';.¦.-• ¦'• *'. '.
SEI'GI F*:" 0T srr; ' n^
Naturai Hot Baths. Positive cure for rheu*-
matlsm,-w.sthma,'. . Wonderful . waters for. ; liver,'
kidney" and 'air stomach troubles?* ' Swimming
pond . 'gymnasium. , Orchestra,; . Hard-finished
rooms. Housekeeping cottages.- Electric lights
Arsenic beauty baths." Home dairy. . Rates $10
to $12 per. week. Baths and amusements frej.
Address ;H.h; McGO WAN; proprietor, 'Selgler,
Lake County. Cal. ' ..¦¦¦¦ --¦¦..',¦
0wnSnBM'HfflB8MS^^ : Caiui)Me6liir;
Pure ' water, equable , climate, , lota ' selling. $lt
up;, cottages : built by Jtf eeker, $50 ' up; . depot;
ctores;*; restaurant;' hotel;* post and express;
telephone; sawmill; 800 lots sold;. 300 cottages
built. Sausallto ferry.f.N. S.:.R.vR.' M.-.C."
MEEKER. Camp Meeker. . Sonoma County. ,
SANTA CRUZjMqUNTAINS;
OSAND CENTSAL HOTEL.
¦ Felton Cal. ) Rates "reasonable. •:.'-.
•¦¦^ "/.:'::/ ', ;':mrs."-i.vn. ; hates;- /
VEDAC1IPIM " Delt*Bt*ully 1 situated . in -the
DbKUMlCLJTl Santa Cruz Redwoods. Rates
$7 - and I $8 per I week. For circulars > address I O.
F. ' B1EDEN WEG, R.' D. 121. • Santa Crus. CaL
ADVEBTISEMENT3. ;
HunyafliJinos
Jf^^^ my name is not
PZ3jB£*& HUNYADI ONLY,
J§|I1 HUNYADI JANOS.
tas|(\^ THE ORIGINAL.
fV^T !*>^. ONLY GENUINE
Njfjr' 1 >-* , AND RELIABLE i
\M HfTw: ' HUNGARIAN
Is Always; Reliable' for ' v
CONSTIPATION
ADVERTISEMENTS,
Catarrh Cured
CONSUMPTION
PREVENTED,
AjDother gTateful patient, a well-known
member of the ntolfiers* XTaion, now tells
of his cure lay glectro-Chemlstry.
smtQ^rT^fjil 'l _ l. mm ' * v ¦-¦* **'**-~ - -** ¦-> - ' *iS^ ( ?^'^* 1 !3t?3C5J^L
K^rtrT'i ii.c^tli?jTFifji_ '••^¦.cfPi^ 1 ' l&fi43fQrj%x£3£t
IK|£|jAf3|JMr;robf¥ mS3Mm l^^%'-- Ts>' TTJII iWiT*\*T\i*( '
'¦¦ Biiw8BffPnriiiiitfi ; > ¦ -^ j^p^CTra
gEQg^^^y^^^^ByT^-i^^BwMjfciBHwCTP^'"^?
MR. GUSTAV nUHS.
- 732 Ehotwell Btreet. .
MR. HCHS KATS: "For many" years 1 suf-
fered from catarrh. It started in my nose and
throat and finally cot into my lungs, causing a
tnrencss and a verioue cough. My condition
was alarming because I began to feel the
weakening effects of the disease and I feared
(.¦oneumptlon. On January 18 I began the Elec-
trp-Chemic treatment . and the very first, ap-
f>lfcBtfon helped roe end in two months I was
perfectly cured in every w*y.
«-B!Sncd) - - OCSTAV HUHS.
7-12 fc'hotwrll. Ft.. San ' Francisco.
Umployed ;.t the National Iron Works, corner
Main and Howard sts.
- Other Eiectro-Chemic Specialties:
dactro-Chemistry cures quickly, pain-
lessly and cheaply. Cancers. Tumors, Old
mcerr. Insomnia, Rheumatism, Seural-
rla, Locomctcr Ataxia, Paralysis, Deaf-
ness. Head Noises, Goitre, BrUrht's Sis-
ease, Diabetes, Dyspepsia, Piles, all Dis-
eases of Stcmach, Liver. Kidneys, Blad-
der and Bowels, all Nervous Diseases
and Special Diseases of Men and Wo-
men. Free X-Ray diagnosis, advice and
trial treatment.
HOME TREATMENT— If you live at a <Jls-
tRnc, try to come- for « personal examination'
ir you can't come, write for Instructions for
borne examination and treatment.
ELEGTRO-CHEMIG INSTITUTE
118 GEANT AVE.. Cor. Post.
SAN 7BA2TCISCO.
Offlc* hours — 9 a. m. to 5 p. 'in. and 7 to S
p. m. dally. Sundays, 10 a. in. to 1 p. m.
£«varate acartments for ladles and cectlemea.A Chinese prisoner at San Quentin attempted suicide
with a pen, but failed.^ Many an American has » "been
more successful in annihilating himself with that dan
gerous weapohv "»'¦'.'-," ' .'
/ Townsend's California Glace iruits and
choice candies. In artistic flre-etchei!
boxes. , A nice present for Eastern friends.
715 Market street, above Call building. *
7, The cheery, information to newspaper correspondents
aVthe seat of war that they will be '¦ shot as spies for
% using wireless telegraphy is at least some balmto tfye
army of correspondents who wanted to go but didn't.
VSt Petersburg society Is brilliant,
not , only by reason of? the
diamoKds and beauty of .its
women, -but also < owing to ¦ the
splendid uniforms and blazing j decora
tions of itsj men. j The ladies wore such
diamonds ' as are -only seen at exhibi
tions 'or In the windows of a fashlon-
In; describing _ a .'court (fete held re
cently at St. 1 ... Petersburg,' the corre
spondent of the London Daily Mail
takes occasion to make some remarks
upon the dazzling 'splendor of Russia's
men and women of the ¦ higher rank
He says: '
Brave Women and Fair Men.
The railroads estimate that 100,000 strangers. will come
to California accompanying the six big .conventions to
be held this year. Four of these great gatherings will
be held: in this city; and intending visitors may be as
sured in advance that • the latchstring to our hospitality
will .be within easy reach, with a California welcome
awaiting- them 'inside. . "-/ ',,\
INTESTATE— F. F., Petaluma. Cal.
If in California a man dies intestate,
if* there survive him his wife and one
child, or the issue of one child, •' the
wife receives one-;half of the property;
if he leaves wife and more than one
child or the issue of children, then the
wife receives but one-third of the es
tate: if there are no children or issue
of children, the wife gets one-half, the
other half going to the" heirs. On.tfre
death of the -husband one- half of the
community property ' goes to the sur
viving wife.
Any philologist of the future ' who discovers a base
ball report of to-day and reads that "the Tigers eat the
Commuters and the, Seals met the Angels and swatted
them, while the Webfooters doped the Siwashes," and
can believe the report had anything to do with baseball,
could have solved the; Egyptian hieroglyphics without
the aid of the Rosetta stone.. V
RUNNING— H. A. W.,' Williams, Cai.
The world's record for man running
one hundred yards Is held by E. Donno
van, professional, made at Brockton,
Mass.. September 2, 1S95, thirteen inches
down grade. In 9 3-5. A. F. Duffy,
amateur, made the same distance in
the same time on the Berkeley oval.
New York, May 31, 1902.
WORD comes from San Jose that a big project for
the construction of several interurban electric
railways in Santa Clara County is already, un
der way. With San Jose as the center, it is the reported
purpose of the capitalists who are behind the scheme to
construct- a network of. traction lines which will extend
to Los Gatos via Campbell, connect Berryessa and. Ever
green with'the base of the system and open up a route
to Palo Alto by way of Santa Clara. According to ad
vices the sum of $75,000 has already been pledged by
local and San Francisco capitalists for the prosecution
of the plans and it is almost a definite surety that before
long constructive operations will be commenced.
The news of an undertaking such as this comes as a
distinct augury of good to the country which is to be
the field of the extensive traction system proposed. Al
ready there is :nearing completion a. similar line of rail
way which is to connect Hollister and AVatsonville with
the ccast. and provide the fruit raisers of the Pajaro Val
ley with a direct freight service with San Francisco
through an auxiliary steamer line from Port Rogers.
Whc.t this traction belt will do for the Watsonville" dis
trict , the projected system in Santa ;Clara County' may
accomplish for the ranchers there. With direct ahdrapid
transi citationfor their fruits into the' San Jose markets
and thence to the central point of consumption; in this
city, the new electric lines will ; offer to - the growers
thereabouts redoubled, opportunities for prbfit.' / ¦
The expansion of '-. the electric railway .into interurban
ELECTRIC ROADS IN SANTA CLARA.
SOLD FOR TAXES— S. Y. S.. Castro
ville, Cal. If a real estate owner in the
State allows his property to be sold
to the State for taxes he may redeem
the same according to the pro-visions
of the Political Code within a period pf
five years. If not redeemed wjthin that
time, a deed Is made to the State. The
redemption must be within the time
stated.
Ati o'clock sharp on Saturday, April 30, in the east
room of the White House, President Roosevelt* will
press a telegraph key which will start every wheel to re
volve at St. Louis in tKe greatest show in all history.
Here's to its\ success.
A PICTURE— E. R., City. The pic
ture that was presented with The Call
March 20 -was .a reproduction of a well
known, painting by Jean Baptlste
Camille Carot. The biographies of this
painter do not describe the scene, but
allude to It as "La Danse . .des
Nymphes" — the dance of the nymphs.
WORLD'S FAIR— A Constant Read
er, San Rafael. Cal. "The Call's query
department will endeavor to answer
the following if the correspondent will
state which World's" Fair: "Please give
an estimate. of the number of people
who visited the World's Fair during
the opening month." ¦
therein, and arrangements have been • made not only
looking toward securing' a daily news service from that
quarter, but with a view to making The Call office in
the. English metropolis a place where San Francisco
visitors may go to. get into touch with one another and
to learn of California through the files of The Call
there displayed. The address is 5 Henrietta street, Co
vent Garden. v . . ?
The news The Call will receive from its London of
fice will be in the nature of gossip, literary, diplomatic
and social, from the English metropolis and the great
capitals onlthe Continent; news of the hour, which is
pruned of all but its essential facts in the cable trans
mission, will be sent to us in full by our agent; the
doings of Ministers of state and the underground work
ings of parliamentary lobbies — matters which are vir
tually forbidden to the ' telegraphic news service by
cable tolls— will be presented in an entertaining style.
Besides this, the advent and departure of San Francisco
people from London hotels will be made a matter of
comment, and the doings of any of. our citizens in the
social whirl will be a feature. of the news service, which
will be superior, to that of any other,: California paper.
THE CALL is pleased to make an announcement of
interest to all of its "readers and especially to those
whose wanderings may lead them to Europe.
Within the last week it has opened a London head
quarters with an accredited representative stationed
FIRST ANNIVERSARY— A Sub
scriber, City. The first anniversary of
a wedding is called the cotton wedding.
Any article made of cotton would be
an appropriate gift for such an anni
versary.
Answers to Queries.
A New York paper, prints a cable
gram from Zanzibar, East Africa,
which tells of a remarkable "collision"
which occurred on the Uganda rail
road that would be possible nowhere
else on earth. A huge bull rhinoceros
rushed from the bush and charged at
full speed at the so-called "up mixed"
train, which was slowing down, Febru
ary 14, as it approached! 1 the v station
Sultan Hamond, 218 miles from Mom
basa, on the coast, where the road
starts. It was still dark, just before
daylight. The train was * traveling
eight or ten miles an hour when the
infuriated pachyderm attacked It on
the flank. . ... ;» .
Perhaps the great brute had been
aroused from sleep by, the greater mon
ster, whose one big shining eye nearly
blinded him.* But the rhinoceros, lord
of the region, caring nothing for. the
huge bulk of the unknown intruder,
hurled itself upon it. The engineer felt
a series of shocks, of which the first
was so violent as to throw two passen
gers from. their sleeping berths to the
floor. The train was stopped and the
passengers turned out, most of them
in their "robes of night" and some of
triem badly scared. The "rhino" was
discovered about . 100 yards down the
track. The Impact with the train had
felled him, but had not cooled his rage.
Slowly he raised himself and stood de
fiantly shaking his head.
Some of the more "sporting" passen
gers got their f ifles and opened fire on
the rhinoceros,' but the light was uncer
tain, and probably the "mighty beast
was not hit. Slowly he returned to the
jungle and was lost sight of. He did
not escape unharmed from the strange
encounter, for pieces* of his thick skin
were femnd adhering. to the train. But
the fierceness of -his assault smashed
the engine.step and splintered the inch
and a half thick footboard of the. first
carside. > : ,
. Bucking the. Center.
THE CALL'S LONDON OFFICE.
.The resolution passed by the Board of Supervisors
directing the City Attorney to proceed against all par
ties liable for the recovery of the money stolen by W.
H. J. White while cashier of the Board of Public Works
is a move in the right direction. There is no justice in
permitting a loss of this character to fall upon the peo
ple when others are directly responsible and liable under
the law.'
A face I loved is lost in mist
.-. '. • Of falling tears; ••
And where are lips, with laughter kissed,
O robber vears?
The lv ships depart — joy-confldent
Of oorts to be;
Shall I await, in like content *
The ebblnsr sea?- V
— Everybody's Magazine.
These winged gea-birds outward slip
At- twilight-tide;
I view them — with a trembling lip.
And wistful-eyed.'
Ah, happy sails! For you attain
Xpur bright Cathay!
The harbors of my hope remain
A dim Some Day! .
Watching the Ships.
Probably the largest single sale of
tapestries on record in this country
has just been recorded in New York.
John R- McLean of Washington and
Cincinnati was the purchaser. For ap
proximately $100,000 he has secured a
scries of eight seventeenth century
pieces formerly in the Barberinl pal
ace. Cardinal Barberinl was a devoted
admirer of tapestries and had looms
of his own. This series was woven for
him in Rome from designs by Romari
elli, a famous artist. All are in excel
lent condition, woven in light colors,
and so large that few private houses
have the wall space for their display.
They were brought from Italy some
years ago,' having been sold to a resi
dent of Washington by the Princess
Barberini.
Tapestry of Trice.
At a banquet given a few evenings
since by a local court of Foresters one
of the Superior Judges of this city, who
Is a member of the court, was called
upon to respond to "The Golden State."
He spoke at some length of the pio
neers of California and their trials and
then said: "Those pioneers were a pe
culiar people in one sense of the word —
they formed. a fraternity such as never
before or since existed. It was a fra
ternity that was ready at all times to
help each one who belonged to it with
out question and without reserve. It
was not a fraternity of limited contri
butions in case of need, but one of
whole-souled donations."
The next speaker, an old-time Cali
foAlan, was called upon to respond to
"Fraternity," and he took up the line
of thought of the Judge, saying: "I re
member well the fraternity spoken of
Jiy the Judge. Every one was welcome
o belong to it without initiation, .but
he had to be what he represented him
self to be, and woe betide him if he
made a false pretense. If he pretended
to be a doctor and proved to be a
quack he was not brought before an
arbitration committee for trial upon
charges formulated in legal form, but
he was waited upon by • a committee
that told . him that the fraternity had
decided that by reason of his false rep
resentations - he . % was ; not a desirable
member and that he had just six hours
to get out of the place.- If he was found
in the place, at the .expiration of the
time limit- he was not. given a second
notice. The committee simply marched
him to the nearest tree and hanged
him. That is the way that fraternity
got rid of undesirable members."
Summary Action.
THE New York Times says that Hearst has been
recorded on only five roll calls during this session
of Congress, and that when present in -the House
he "sits on the small of his back with one knee in the
air." What would the Times have? Does it expect him
to sit on his shoulders with both knees in the air?. He
sets the fashion, and soon the minority side of the House
may be resting on its rear gallus buttons, with one knee
up for each member.
The Times also affirms that Mr. Hearst is "shy, and
suffers 'in -the presence of men." Just what form his
sufferings take before the face of his own sex is not
stated. He is described as mixing with no one, in the
House, and during the sole debate that kept him in his
seat, that on the eight hour bill, he issued orders to his
lieutenants as if they were details to reporters, and when
it was over he put his hands in his pockets and slouched
out of the chamber. ' ¦ •
These Plutarchian particulars about the ways and man
ners of the great are interesting. The admirers of the
tenderloin member have, in . some of the back districts,
attacked Speaker Cannon .for not putting him on more
prominent committees, intimating that it was feared his
light would so shine before men that they would fly to
it as moths to the night lamp. Therefore, the Speaker
put it under a bushel. But Uncle Joseph has not been
in politics sixty years for nothing. When the Democrats
selected Mr. Williams as their floor leader, he gave that
gentleman the" task of assigning the minority to com
mittees, and every Democrat is placed just where his
own leader put him.
Williams made up the minority of the Committee on
Labor, and when Hearst wanted that place was com
pelled to decline to put him there. One of the,Demo
crats made way for him by resigning and in that way he
landed on the committee. When he wanted the McClel
lan vacancy on the Ways and Means, Williams, refused
arid-'gave it-to Cockran. In every case Mr. Hearst has
worked from the outside, bringing* pressure to bear on
Williams from labor organizations and Hearst clubs.
But the Mississippian is a hard, formation and refuses to
be influenced. . Whether this has anything to do with
Hearst's infrequent presence in his seat, and with his
sitting on the small of his back when there, is unknown.
HEARST IN CONGRESS.
The announcement of the impending
Kale of the original- warrant on which
John Bunyan was arrested two hun
dred and thirty years ago and clapped
Into Bedford Jail for a canting, crop
headed vagabond has evoked many ex
pressions of . fervent hope from English
bibliophiles that the document will not
be allowed to cross the Atlantic. In
terest in Bunyan relics is very keen
among collectors and it is sure to
letch a big price. - #
quaint little club of English grirl
writers. With two exceptions, all the
members of the "Magpie Club" live in
the country. But the English coun
try is not like the American country#
ana it would be hard for an American
grirl to realize the seclusion in which
these young writers have been brought
up. Most of them are clergymen's
daughters, living in village rectories,
and until they were "discovered" in a
manner to be hereafter described had
depended almost entirely on the
classics for their reading and had not
even heard of current periodicals as
famous as Harper's and the Strand
magazines. Of these girls five were
acquainted to begin with. All of them
wrote stories in an aimless sort of
way, which they showed to each other,
end gradually this little circle widen
ed until it included nine or ten mem
bers. These ' formed the "Magpie
Club" and then came the idea of the
Magpie Magazine. The girls found a
woman friend who was willing to act
as secretary and to her each "Magpie"
sent every month a piece of fiction
signed with her nom de plume. These
were written on paper of a uniform
size and when all 'the contributions
vere received they were stitched to
gether and bound in a permanent
cover bearing the name, "The Magpie
Magazine." The magazine,, by the
way, included a number of blank
jages, upon which criticisms were to
be written, and after it was bound the
periodical was sent in turn to each
member of the club, who read it and
then set down in it her opinion of its
various items. I have read a number
of . these criticisms and _ to describe
them as "free" and "outspoken"
would be drawing it mild indeed.
They were the most striking example
about the Magpie apart from the
really unconynon literary quality of its
contents. Mc?t of the stories in the
JJagpie, too, rt-vealed a knowledge of
life on the part of their authors which
was really startling when one con
sidered these girls' environment.
• * •
The Magpie Magazine had existed in
this way for a year or two before the
girl discovered it who was eventually
to Introduce the "Magpies" to the
reading public. This was Miss Con
stance Smedley, whose novel, "An
April Princess" — recently a success in
America — was not then published, but
who already had attracted attention
by her short stbrirs, dramatic criti
cisms and the one-act play of hers
which was produced by Mrs. Patrick
Campbell. Mi^s Smedley became a;
qualnted with Miss Agno<» Weekes,
whose novel, "Yarborough, the Pre
m'er,"-has just t< en -publlsned, 'anl,
through her wUh the MagDie Club, of
which Miss W»2i:e.3 Is a member.
'A regular feature of the Magpie
Magazine Is a serial story. "Yar
borough, the Premier," ran in the Mag
pie, and to it Miss Smedley, M'ho soon
became an enthusiastic member of the
club, contributed her "April Princess."
Oddly enough, in spite of the amount
of writing that was done by the "Mag
pies" not one of them ever had thought
of publishing their stories. Miss Smed
ley. however, after having read a few
numbers of "The Magpie" told, herself
that the stories therein were distinctly
salable. Among the Magpie produc
tions which struck her as perhaps most
promising were three novels which had
run as serials in the amateur maga
zine — "Yarborough, the Premier," by
Miss A. R. Weekes. "Love in Chief,"
by her Bister, Miss R. K." Weekes. and
"Lance in Rest," by Miss L. A. Talbot.
The . Harpers had recently published
Miss Smedley's book of essays, "The
Boudoir Critic," and so this young
writer advised her Magpie friends to
send their books to the American firm.
They followed her advice and the three
romances were accepted almost Im
mediately. Another Magpie novel, "The
New Eden," found a publisher in
Dublin, and the early notices o£ it
have been flattering. One reviewer, in
fact, declared that at last a successor
to "The Duchess" had appeared. Mis3
Smedley tells me that a j number of
short stories originally contributed to
the Magpie Magazine have been liter
ally snapped up by different London
periodicals, and says that the files of
the periodical -written by these English
rlrls for their own amusement con
tain much work that needs only to be
made public to be recognized as un
commonly . good.
• * •
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
* HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON, April 9. — Now
thai a novel by one of the "Magpie
Club" has been published and ro
mances by two others announced as
to appear shortly, this organization
finds Itself rather famous, but the
present writer had the grood luck to
teiow the "Magpies" before any of them
<5reamed of a day when greatness
would be thrust upon them. In con
sequence some rather interesting de
tails, of which no mention has yet
been made, can be given about this
Ppeeial Correeponflenc*.
Literary Chat From London.
able Jeweler. The diamonds of St.
Petersburg are famous. Your represen
tative was dazzled by a succession of
solid precious stones whose weight
could only be reckoned in avoirdupois.
"The jewels one sees at Covent Gar
den are slim and puny baubles by com
parison. St.' Petersburg seems to buy
its diamonds by the pound and the
wealth of 'Orrauz and of Ind* scintil
lates in the ears and round the slender
throats of its fair women.
"Where the great ladies of Russia
are not beautiful, they are vivacious.
Most often they are beautiful, but vi
vacity is their supreme distinction.
Their faces are animated; when they
speak they live their words and the
bored look of London and the weighty
amiability of Berlin are nowhere visi
ble. .Theirs is a certain primitive
health that not even several cubic
inches of diamond and a Paris gown
can dislocate.
"To tell the truth your representa
tive, much as he admitted the beauty
of St. Petersburg ¦womanhood, was
even more enchanted with the men.
Such men! These had made quite raV
ishing toilets. The Cossacks of the
Guard would give quality and savor to
any gathering. Picture to yourselves
bronzed . and bearded heroes In ankle
long overalls, cartridges made of silver
filigree work running along their
breasts, Oriental swords and yataghans
hanging on belts of silver,. and crosses
and medals won on strange battlefields
nestling below the cartridges. -With
these were generals whose wide trous
ers were met by leather boots knee
high. All Wore their orders— crosses in
brilliants, in enamel or in gold, rows
of them. In England one would put
the alphabet after their names.
"Hussars, Infantry, artillery, dra
goons, and riflemen were all here, frosc
ged and braided and astrachaned and
decorated. " Smart students, sword on
hip, mingled with these and the mere
civilian In black evening clothes wore
a string of decorations in miniature on
the lapeFof his coat." J*." '
A new use has been found for the Capricornis
vulgaris or William Goat, and Nanny Vulgaris, his help
meet. They are being imported to the logging districts
of Western Washington to eat ttie treetops— after cut
ting; When the Vulgarises have finished luncheon it
is said the native 'Washington jungle looks like a cross
between a skating rink and an asphaltum pavement.
> "I thought so," said Drake. "You
were an apprentice then and they called
you 'red socks,' because of the lurid
color of your footgear."
"Yes, sir," replied Gilmartin, with a
gTin. "It's a long time, though, since I
heard that name." .
"Are you "not Gilmartin?" he said
when the sailor stood in front of his
desk.
"Yep, sir," said the tar, pleased at the
recognition. ' "I was with you on the
Saranac twenty years ago."
Some months ago a big, strapping
sailor was working about the ordnance
building. Captain Drake noticed him
and sent a messenger to summon him
to the office.
Captain Drake, chief of the bureau of
ordnance at the Aiare Island Navy
Yard, has such a good memory that he
is able -to call by name nearly every
enlisted man who has ever been "ship
mate" with him. He has not been on
sea duty for quite a few years, but oc
casionally while making a tour of the
navy yard he sees some bluejacket who
served on a vessel with him, say, twen
ty years ago. Then in answer to the
Jackie's salute Captain Drake gives a
pleasant smile, returns the salute and
says: "Jackson, isn't it? You were with
me on the Saginaw?" or. "Wilson, what
are you on now?"
'A Lasting Impression.
It is probably because cats are such
favorite pets with women that . not
withstanding the general masculine
aversion to them any species of cru
elty practiced against them raises
such a prodigious outcry... A- lost or
defunct cat has been the means of
adding $2000 to the fund of the Royal
National Lifeboat Institution, as was
stated at its recent annual meeting. A
few years ago a woman left the insti
tution the residue of her estate,
amounting to that sum, with the pro
viso that it was to be paid, on the
death of a youthful feline, the inter
est meanwhile to be applied to the
maintenance of the animal and the
payment of the' person left in charge
of it. Up to 1901 puss appeared to
enjoy excellent health and spirits, but
the caretaker changed ' her residence
and the cat did not take kindly to the
new house. It wandered away several
times, but was recovered when re
wards were offered. About two years
ago, however, it vanished . entirely.
After much red tape business the au
thorities decided that the cat might be
presumed to be legally dead and paid
over tbe>\capital to the institution on
receipt of a solemn undertaking to
provide for it, as originally stipulated,
should it ever turn up again.
"The proper way to. eat cats is to
roast them In. an oven, until brown,
with onions, garlic, parsley, bay leaf,
red wine and some herbs peculiar to
Italy. They are not nearly so good
when boiled. As food English bred
cats are not to be compared with
Italian cats. The latter are much bet
ter cared for and fed on the best milk.
I tried an English cat once, but that
was enough. I have never eaten an
other." ,
In Northern Italy, according to an
Italian resident in London, cats are
regarded as a dainty among the. poor
people and, the state forbidding their
sale for food, they are called "rab
bits" by the butchers.
"They ¦ are -.bought , as rabbits and
eaten as cats," said the Italian.; "I
have eaten them many a time and. can
vouch for it that they taste much bet
ter than the English hare, the meat
being exceedingly tender and as
sweet as a nut Many .people in
Italy keep cats as the English do rab
bits—to kill and eaL And * their
skins are worth more than those of
rabbits.
gastronomic eccentricities as sufficient
justification for the summary dispos
session of a tenant who pays his rent,
the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals has taken the mat
ter In hand to protect London's prowl
ing felines from the gridiron and stew
pot of this alien invader. For several
nights a dozen of its most skillful and
trusted agents have been* stalking the
squares of Bloomsbury, where the cat
eater is reputed to do his hunting, in
the hope of catching him red-handed,
but thus far he has succeeded in
eluding their vigilance. As an official
of the society explained, it is a diffi
cult matter to prove the guilt of a man
who swallows the evidence of his
crimes. It is reported that the society
for the protection of stray and home
less cats, of which her • Grace the
Duchess of Bedford is president, in
tends enlisting a large force of ama
teur detectives in the pursuit by offer
ing a substantial reward for the arrest
and conviction of this ruthless de
stroyer of feline felicity. ]
Meanwhile the whole" grewsome story
of what led to the landlord's futile
appeal to a police court has been re
vealed. With a friend the sojourner
from sunny Italy was returning home
about midnight when, crossing Rus
sell^ Square, he espied a fine Thomas
cat engaged" in serenading a female
tabby.
"What a lovely stew he would make."
he remarked, and then to the amaze
ment of his companion he crept
stealthily forward and suddenly pr?b
bed the unsuspecting animal by the
tail. Swing-ing it in the air he dashed
its head against a curbstone and in
another minute had resumed his way
homeward with the dead cat tucked
under his arm. Half way down Guil
ford street another cat was encoun
tered and with an adroitness which
bespoke long practice was similarly
captured and dispatched.
About noon the following day the
landlord noticed his lodger making
preparations for a meal and casually
asked him what he had for dinner.
"One of the finest rabbits that was
ever eaten," was the response.
Having previously skinned the ani
mal the lodger even permitted the un
suspecting landlord to see how. he
cooked It. As a gastronomic curios
ity the recipe is worth recording.
First the- Italian cook.. took a quantity
of onions chopped very fine and mixed
with garlic and parsley. | These he
boiled with butter in a stewpan,_and
then added pieces of the animal cut
up as is customary with a rabbit. Over
the dish he sprinkled flour, poured in
a bottle of claret, allowed the mixture
to simmer over the fire for three quar
ters of an hour and ate it with great
relish. Next day he had another "rab
bit" for dinner. It was the discovery
of the skins that gave the thing away
to the horrified landlord. And in turn
the Italian was astonished that hi«?
partiality for cats as an article of
diet, should be regarded with abhor
rence. How anybody who would eat
with relish an animal of such notori
ously filthy habits as a pig could turn
up his nose at a cat which performs
its ablutions several times a day was
beyond his comprehension. But the
Italian's logic was lost on the British
landlord. He ordered his tenant to
leave at once, and when the tenant re
fused had recourse post haste to a
magistrate to learn that British law
was on the side of one who chose to
regard his temporary j lodgings as his
castle for the time being.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
5* HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN, LONDON. April 9.—Al
though the proprietor of ' a London
boarding-house who applied to a magi
strate for a" writ of ejectment against
an Italian tenant on the ground that
he killed and ate cats, discovered that
English law does not recognize such
W Bugaboo for Pussies.
THE New York Sun is quite violent in its opposition
to President Roosevelt, and misses no chance to
advise ways and means to effect his defeat. Its
counsel was evidently followed in making the placeboic
platform of the New York Democratic convention. The
Sun declares: "The usurpation of power by Congress
has never been so outrageous as since McKinley's death.
What is needed most of all is to put the ship of state
back again on the right tack and compel it to be steered
hereafter as the constitution has prescribed. Give back,
to the State governments and prohibit to the National
Government the regulation of things which Marshall de
clared do not come under National cognizance, and all
will be well. The three Democratic Justices of the Su
preme Court have recently, by the vivid pen of Justice
White, declared the boundary line between State and Na
tional affairs. Does the Democracy intend to vindicate
or repudiate, that boundary line?"
If the New York convention, set the pace Justice
White will probably be followed. But this being so, what
is the fuss about? The much-respected boundary/on
which the Sun shines, in order that it may be distinctly
seen, is on the hither side of the interstate commerce
and Sherman anti-trust laws. Yet the Sun says that if
that boundary be respected, "Difficulties over corpora
tions, trusts, labor, capital and interstate commerce will
disappear from' Congress and will trouble it no more
than marriage and divorce."
So, it appears that the simple recipe for taking away
all trouble, about those issues, from Congress, is by de
nying National jurisdiction over them in any form. While
labor and capital are thrown in for padding, the real
issues are the trusts and , interstate commerce. When
did Marshall "decide that Congress has no jurisdiction
over interstate "commerce? The Sherman anti-trust law
derives all of its vigor from that clause of the constitu
tion which gives Congress the power to regulate com
merce between the Stales. The Supreme Court held
that this means that Congress may use that power as
prescribed in the interstate commerce law. If not by
such means, how? What power is given the States* to
regulate commerce beyond their own borders?
The constitution grants powers to the Federal Gov
ernment, and prohibits them to the States. Its proper
interpretation is that the Federal Government may ex
el cise all the powers granted to it, and the States all that
are not prohibited to them. In the nature of things, one
State cannot project its regulative power within the
jurisdiction of another State. If this were possible, Cali
fornia could regulate the domestic commerce of Nevada,
prescribe the rates of transportation in that State and in
every waj' interfere in that alien jurisdiction. No State,
in other words, can assume power's granted to the Fed
eral Gpvernment, nor can it go beyond that grant in
the invasion of powers not prohibited to the States. The
regulation of interstate commerce by the States them
selves is, therefore, an impossibility.
Trusts affect interstate commerce and are, therefore,
subject to Federal regulation. They may also be regu
lated within the jurisdiction of a State, by. its .authority,
in so far as they affect its domestic commerce. To illus
trate: If the Standard Oil Company uproot-competition
in, California by a reduction. of rates below the cost of
production, at a competing point, it is entirely competent
for the- State to enact that it shall sell everywhere within
the State at 1 the same rate, and shall not again raise its
rates anywhere within the State without the assent of
public authority. That would be : a proper exercise of lo
cal jurisdiction. But suppose the" Standard Oil Company
affect interstate commerce and suppress interstate com
petition, by a conspiracy with railroads by which it se-i
cures- exclusive rebates in' freight, where is. the power
in a State to prevent it? Only the Federal Government
has that authority, and has used it in the interstate com
merce law. " *
From this digest of the' matter it appears that the Sun
sees in Justice White's opinion judicial politics, which
by reviving the obsolete issue of State rights, as these
were understood before the Civil War, will take the
Federal grip from the throats of trusts and corporations,
undef the. pretense that they, can be choked by the States.
The good understanding between the Sun and its trust
clients was established in the New York Democratic con
vention. Its platform cries out against "usurpation" and
"alarms that check industrial growth," and that "cor
porations chartered by the State must be subject to just
regulation by the State, in the interest of the people; no
¦government partnership with protected monopolies.".
If all that mean anything, it means. that every trust,
being incorporated under State law, shall submit only to
State control, and that the sole Federal control is by re
moving tariff- protection from everything in which a
trust can deal. It is a Sangrado prescription, which peo
ple will refuse to take.
systems is rcmething which. must come . to the State if
we would keep abreast of the times. In the south they
have caught the Eastern idea quite thoroughly, and Los
Angeies and vicinity ?has a network of electric lines
which is well' in the fore with similar systems in the
New England States. Back in Massachusetts and Con
necticut the country freight- service has been transferred
from the steam railroads to the electric lines to a de
gree which makes the latter almost the sole carriers of
local produce. When all, of our bay cities are united
by a complete electric railway system we will witness
a reve.'opnjent of the country along the several. routes
which will be astonishing. . . /
JUDICIAL POLITICS.
THE* SAN FRANCISCO iGALL, THURSDAY,; APRII: 21/ 1904.
T HE. S^A N FRAN CIS GO G A L JL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . « «... . ? . Address All Commqnicati6n$ to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <£««ps£|£a> Third and Market Streets, S. P.*
\ " '¦ ¦¦ ~-.u ¦ ¦•¦' . ¦' • ¦...•. . ¦; ¦ ;¦ • . , '
WEDNESDAY. '. . . . . .APRIL 20. 1904
Special Information supplied dally t<
business hoases and /public men by th<
Press Clipping Bureau (Allan's). 239 Cai
Lfornia street. Telephdne Main 1042. •
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESAPPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers, from 58,482 to 58,582 Inclusive,
1 bring: fifty numbers on each side of the num
i ber drawing the capital prize of $30,000. $40.
| 100 numbers, from 26,361 to 26,461 Inclusive.
1 bring fifty number* on each Fide of the num.
{ ber drawing the capital prize of $9000, $24.
I 100 numbers, from SI, 614 to S1.714 inclusive,
! beinr fifty numbers on each side of the nunt-
I bcr drawing the capital prize of $1000, $16.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
009 numbers ending with 32. being the two
1 last figures of number drawing the capital
| prise of $30,000, $8.
! 990 numbers ending with 11. being the two
i la*t figures of number drawing the second
; capital prize of $8000, $8.
The subscriber having supervised the single
number drawing, claps *'E>." Honduras Na
tional Lottery Company, hereby certifies that
I the above are tbe numbers which were this
I day drawn from the 100,000 placed In the
wheel, with the prizes corresponding to them.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortes, Hon
duras, C. A., thlg Saturday, April 16, 1904.
(Signed) W. S. CABELL, Commissioner.
$115,000 FOR $1— ONE-HALF OF FIRST CAP
ITAL PRIZE.
State of Illinois. Peorla County.
Gus L. Mainline of Blandinsville, McDonouph
County. In the State of Illinois, being first
duly sworn, says that he In tbe bona fide
owner of one-half of ticket No. 21,191, class
C, In the Honduras National Lottery Company,
which number drew the first capital prize of
thirty thousand dollars at the drawing held at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A., on Saturday,
March 12. 1904.
(Signed) GUS L. MAINLINE.
Subscribed and sworn to before roe, March
28, 1904.
(Signed) . WM. G. McROBERTS.
Notary public. In and for said- county, duly
qualified to act an such, that bis term of office
commenced on the 21st day of December, la
the year 1903. and will expire on the 21st day
of December in tbe year 1907, and that his
signature above written is genuine.
Given under my band, and seal of the said
county at Peorla, on this 28th day of March,
In the year of our Lord. 1B04.
LUCAS I. BUTTS, .Clerk.
By OSCAR HEMRICK. Deputy. . •
$7500 FOR 60 CENTS— ONE-FOURTH OF
FIRST CAMTAL PRIZE.
State of Cf.iio. Hamilton County.
Jennie Gltman of 629 West Sixth street, In
the city of Cincinnati, Hamilton County, belnz
duly sworn on oath, deposes and says that she
is tbe bona fide owner of one-fourth ticket
No. 24.191 In the Honduras National Lottery
Company (Louisiana State Lottery), which
number drew the prize of thirty thousand dol
lars, at tbe drawing beld at Puerto Cortez,
Honduras. C. A., on Saturday. March 12, 1904.
JENNIE GIEMAN.
Witnesses: W.- S. Walker and Ph. Mlncowsky.
Sworn and subscribed to before me this 19th
day of March, 1904.
WM. S. WALKER. Notary Public.
$3760 FOR 25 CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Massachusetts. County of Suffolk.
Oscar A. Wiley of No. 3 Dracut etreet. Ash
mont. Mase., b»lrtg duly sworn, says that he
Is the owner of one-eighth ticket No. 24,191
In the Honduras National Lottery Company
the drawing of which occurred on- March 12*
1904, and is entitled to the one-eighth portion
of the thirty thousand dollars under said
ticket No. 24.191. being three thousand seven
hundred and fifty dollars, and that upon pre
sentation of same he received the amount in
full. OSCAR. A. WILET.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 21st
day of March, 1904.
GEO. A-' ROCKWELL, Notary Public.
$5000 FOR $2— WHOLE OF SECOND CAP
ITAL PRIZE.
State of Texas, County of Erath '.
B. T. Parr of Stephem'llle. Texas, beinj*
first sworn, says he Is the bona fide owner
of * whole ticket No. 53,305. class C, ¦ In the
Honduras National Lottery Company, which
number drew the second capital prize of eight
thousand dollars at the drawing held at Puerto
Cortez. Honduras, C. A., on Saturday. March
12. 1904. i:: r •-;-:. B.VT. PARR.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, March
25, 1004. J. N. GROESBEECK JR..
. * • ¦# .¦ Notary Public.
Originals of foregoing affidavits held by
president of Honduras National < Lottery Com
pany (Louisiana ¦ State Lottery Company). •
"Why do you 1 dance Tor a living?"
inquired Judge Mogan, 'as he surveyed
the fragile form and prematurely aged
countenance of Maud Dalton, arrested
for assaulting a sister artist in a Pa
cific-street home of terpsichore. /
Maud was neither contrite nor
abashed as she replied: "I dance be
cause I like-it." ; Then she flippantly
added, "I .could die dancing." A r '
"Well, death will be your finish pret
ty soon if you continue dancing under
present auspices," was the court's com
ment. .
She will be sentenced to-day. ,
M. J. McBride, who worked a debili
tated horse until it dropped dead' in
harness, will be sentenced to-day for
cruelty to animals by Judge Fritz.
turned upon Mr. Hamilton and smote
him full sore.
The court '.will take another shy at
the case this morning.
CAI.I. subscriber* contemplating a
change of residence during the summer
months can have their paper forwarded
by mail to their new address by notif j-
Inir TEE CALL Business Office. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented v by a local
agent in all towns on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS L.EAVIXG TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.. • . >
Each couponhas the initials 'M. £F. on the
face and back of the ticket. The following
are the capital prizes" as decided by THE
HONDURAS NATIONAL COMPANY. April 16,
190i: No. 58532 wins $7500, eold in San Fran
cisco, Cal. ; No. 20411 wins $2000. sold in San
Francisco Cal. : No. . 51664 wins $1000. sold in
Virginia City. Nev.; No. 95657 wins $500, sold
in San Francisco. Cal.; Nos. 38030 and 87190
each : wins $250. eold in San Francisco, ' Cal. ;
Nos. 53209, 56958. 71623, 72836 and 77678 each
wins $100, sold in Sacramento, San Francisco,
Cal., and Portland. Or.
The ¦ following capital prizes were paid by
the above M. ,& F. Company for March 12,
1004 : Thomas E. Brophy. 1349 Howard street.
San Francisco, Cal.. $7500; , Mrs. ,B. Barry, 559
Fell street, San Francisco, Cal.", $2000;> Louis
Schultz (cook in saloon southeast corner of
Main and Howard streets). ' residing at 528
Howard street.- San Francisco, Cal., $500; I*.
A. Mueller. • 1213 Twentieth avenue. Oakland,
Cal.. with the S. P. R. R.Co., $500. •
Owing: to the fact- that numerous scheme*
are placed before the public from time to time,
we would respectfully call the attention of pur
chasers of tickets to buy only . from" responsible
b gents and to see that ' their tickets read aa
follows:, y :
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE LOUISIANA COM
PANY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. . 1887. '
The Original OLittle Louisiana Com
• nany of Sail Francisco.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1887. «
SPECIAL NOTICE TO 'THE ' PUBLIC.
Ole Christian Hansen, a remittance
Gee Kee grinned like a chimpanzee
as he tried to persuade Judge Fritzto
discredit the oath : of the patrolman
who had arrested him (Gee) for ped
dling lottery tickets on, Hayes street ;
- "You seem to • regard this matter as
a joke," remarked the Judges .-.'
"Him belly dam funny Hah," respond
ed Gee, pointing ; at ., his accuser and
then laughing outright.
When \he court imposed a fine of $100
Gee neglected to smile. •
That the skull of a colored man is not
absolutely damage-proof, tradition to
the contrary notwithstanding, was
demonstrated by four deep incisions in
the head of Thomas Thompson, a thor
oughbred negro, which had been made
with an iron "knuckle duster" attached
to the right hand of Walter Parker,
also of African ancestry. Mr. Thomp
son tried to convince Judge Cabaniss
that the attack upon his cranium was
unprovoked a"nd uncalled for, but sev
eral dusky witnesses for^the defense
proved the infliction of the wounds was
to be commended rather than deplored,
inasmuch as It was an act of gallantry.
Miss Rita Splnosa, of light tan com
plexion, was the lady in whose behalf
Parker applied the "knuckle duster."
She was one of the attractions of a Pa
cific street saloon frequented by Ethio
pian aristocrats and Caucasian degen
erates, and when Mr. Thompson de
clined her Invitation to buy exhilarat
ing beverages for two she expressed
the opinion that he was "no good no
how." He resented the uncompliment
ary criticism by slapping her face, and
It was then'that Mr. Parker introduced
his "knuckle duster." J
"Ef I hedn't intahfeahed w'en I did,
Jedge," said Mr. Parker, "thah's no
tellln* what thet yah crazy nlggah
would adone to thet yah -gal. He wuz
th' mos' rambuiicterous coon I ebah
aee/'V.^,:
| A somewhat similar description of
Mr. Thompson's conduct was given by
Miss Spinosa and Miss Mabel Hell. The
latter lady added that she x waa shocked
at Miss Spinosa condescending to ask
"sech a no 'count niggah" as Mr.
Thompson to treat her to liquids. V
-"The bulk of the testimony is with
you, Mr. Parker," said the Judge, "and
if you can satisfactorily explain why
you armored your* knuckles to smite
the complainant I may let you down
easy."
"Yo' Honah,* ef I hedn't thought, he
hed a razzah I wouldn't \ hev ¦ used de
'dustah,* " was Mr. Parker's expiana-
" ' ' ¦ ¦ jlpiiijili I B!ffl JW[ r HI8ff Wft^liliijj!
Case dismissed and Mr. Parker
umphantly escorted from the courtroom
by- the lady for whom he had battled. ,
Fifteen separations and fourteen re
conciliations within a twelvemonth is
the marital record of George and Lu
cille Schmall of 617 McAllister street.
"Whew! But you've had a busy
year," Remarked Judge Cabaniss, be
fore whom the man was arraigned for
assault, on complaint of the woman.
She stated that her life with George
has been a rapid alternation of blows
and kisses delivered by him and re
ceived by her. * . . . , ;&??*#•
"And you never struck back?' 1 .in
quired his Honor.
"Never." ' • Rsi*3
"Then, I suppose, . those deep
scratches on George's face and neck
were self-Infiicted?"
"I don't know how he got 'em," was
the snapping rejoinder.
But the husband told a different
story. The unsightly furrows on his
face and neck were made by Lucille's
fingernails, he said, and he convinced
the court that he told the truth.
"Well," the wife exclaimed, "I have
marks, too, but I can't show them as
he does."
"You are still young," said the Judge,
addressing the couple, "and I'd ad
vise you to make your present separa
tion permanent. Fifteen rumpuses In
one year has surely proved your union
a mutual misfit."
Then the case was dismissed.
Dentist F. E. Strong. of 235 Kearny
street proved possession of a nasty
temper" by bridling up and declaring In
open court that he was, more sorry
than gratified he did not shoot Conduc
tor Andrew Brady on a McAlliBter
street car last Sunday evening. Judge
Mogan, to whom the declaration was
addressed, sternly reproved Dr. Strong
and found him guilty of disturbing the
peace and displaying a deadly weapon
In a menacing manner on the occasion
referred to. Mrs. Strong, who was with
her husband on the car, was found
guilty of disturbing the peace, and
Miss Anne Bollne, who was under their
escort, will ascertain to-day whether
she is to be convicted of peace disturb
ance or dismissed with a reprimand.
The doctor and the two women had
dined at a Mason-street restaurant be
fore they started out with the inten
tion of spending the remainder of Sun
day evening at the Chutes. They
boarded a Halght-street car, and after
ascertaining that the vehicle would not
convey them to their desired destina
tion the doctor procured transfers. The
trio got aboard the dummy of a Mc-
Allister-street car, and when the, con
ductor, Andrew Brady, informed the
doctor that the transfers j were not
good for that line the man of science
became abusive. The conductor was
firm, however, and to prevent expul
sion from the car one of the women
paid cash fare for the three. But still
the doctor raged, and finally his qon
duct became so offensive that the con
ductor stopped the car and ordered him
to get off. It was then the doctor drew
his pistol. He flourished the weapon
in such a reckless way that the other
passengers stampeded and stayed at a
safe distance until the police were sum
moned.
Mrs. Strong .abused the conductor
and tho policemen who arrested her
husband, and she, too,, was taken in.
The tongue of Miss Bollne, who had sat
upon the elder woman's lap during the
controversy, also contributed to the
peace disturbance. Judge Mogan would
probably have dismissed the case
against the young woman if she had
not trifled with truth in effort to aid
the other defendants. Dr. and Mrs.
Strong will be sentenced to-day.
It was the discussion of a perplexing
point of law that led to the .trouble
In the Assembly Club (colored) and
eventuated In the ; arrest -of T John j Tay
lor, a race track attache, and David
Gooseberry, a" Pullman car ; porter, for
battering, George Hamilton, : occupation
not recorded. , _ ¦ Xsiiv
Mr.*; Taylor argued that a certain dis
pute should be" adjudicated by recourse
to a > civil I- tribune, Awhile ; Mr. Goose
berry/ contended : that It could - only be
properly settled by a criminal proceed
ing. Mr. Taylor offered j; to. back- his
"opinion ; withl.et : $20 wager, 'and .Mr. :
Gooseberry ; srieerlrigiy^ offered to v bet
$20 , that : Mr. -Taylor^did ; not then ; have
and could : : not" beg.' or '.borrow^ the sum
already twice mentioned.' 'ff.was' then
that' George , Hamilton- butted I into j. the
controversy, : and,; of •course, it - ; was
George V Hamilton that ; came out ' of it
with least honors! By- some means,
which ¦ were not* clearly; explained to
Judge ; : Mogan, i. the original {debaters
Violet Wood, 23, and rather pretty,
saucily informed Judge Mogan that
she preferred the primrose paths of
the Barbary Coast to the monotony of
living at home with poor but honest
parents. Neither necessity of earning
a livelihood nor ill treatment by her
father or mother had driven her to
the slums, Violet i said, nor had she
been deceived In a love affair. Home
life was too quiet for her— that was
ail. • , ; /:-: ¦:'.:;: .:¦. .
The Judge eyed the girl curiously
as she told why and then he sighed
and shook his head despairingly.
"To send j you to jail for vagrancy
would be no punishment," .V he said,
"for your perverted mind cannot ap^
predate the degradation to which you
haVe voluntarily descended. Some
day you may^ realize how foolishly
you have ordered : your life, and then
reformation, will^ /be much more .diffi
cult than it would be now. I shall
sentence you to-morrow." ;
Violet tossed her head, defiantly and
her I towering .- millinery was all
a-tremble as she stepped aside.
* • V •
"Neither. I am an Irishman."
"Well,. I might find some excuse for
your conduct if you were wedded to any
particular school of harmony," said
the court, "for I know what music
madness means. As it is, I must de
fer sentence till to-morrow, although I
can now assure you that it will not
be tempered with mercy. You are a
hoodlum, and old enough to know
better." -
When the band In Golden Gate Park
last Sunday, had concluded playing the
great "Tannhauser Overture," and the
Wagnerites were wildly applauding,
there suddenly appeared among the
gratified musicians one Michael John
McCarthy, drunk and disorderly. He
accused the instrumentalists of being
"scabs," he pointed .derisively at the
chauffeurs in the multitude and de
clared they were "scabs," and finally
he informed the policemen who ar
rested him that they were "scab cops."
The adjectives employed by Mr. Mc-
Carthy to emphasize his denunciation
of scabbery were of a kind that caused
a hasty closing of feminine ears and a
doubling up of masculine fists.
"What did you do it for?" inquired
Judge; Mogan, before whom Mr. Mc-
Carthy was arraigned for disturbing
the peace.
"I went there with neaceable Inten
tions," was the ans/ver, "and was
peaceable until some one struck me."
"At . what music shrine • are you a
worshiper — the Italian, or the Ger
man?" ,
Six months in the County Jail was
the sentence imposed by Judge Mogan
upon Thomas Horgan, plumber, of 107
Dore street, who for fourteen years
had not contributed a dollar to the
support of his family, but allowed iiis
frail little wife to battle the wolf for
herself and three children. The wo
man did not give publicity to her hus
band's behavior until he had kept her
confined in a cold cellar for three
hours, and then she had him arrested
for cruelty and failure to provide.
"J want him sent to jail," she said
to the Judge, "for he will not support
the children and me as long as I am
able to work."
He got the limit. , .
dered mind of Ole. '"
From the fragmentary narrative
dropped by Mr. Hansen in his quest of
justice it appeared that his last re
mittance from the land of the fjords
amounted to the heat sum of $2343, and
that as long as the money lasted he
was nicely treated by the two matrons,
between whom his time was about
equally divided. In their desire to make
life pleasant for him they neglected
their respective families, and from one
to the other he was tossed as battle
dore and shuttlecock is played by ex
perts. With his inevitable insolvency,
however, came a lapsing of their, in
terest }n him," and; only yesterday
morning both of them refused to sup
ply, him with the. price of a steam
beer. Thereupon he yearned for venge
ance.
In explanation of his demand for
"extortion papers" Mr. Hansen stated
that one of his charmers had tearfully
asked for and had instantly been given
by him the sum of $50, which, she al
leged, was to be spent in defraying the
expense attendant upon the funeral of
her maternal relative, who had passed
from earth the previous evening in
Oakland. It subsequently developed
that the death of the mother occurred
in Norway about a dozen; years ago.
Mr. Hansen said he is a nephew of
Christian Chrlstianson, a former Nor
wegian Consul at this port.
man from. Norway, haunted the cor
ridors of the Hall of Justice and told
all who would hearken to him how he
had been taken in and done for by
two married ladles of Norse ancestry.
He applied to Judge 'Fritz for "ex
tortion papers," and was referred , to
the warrant clerk, who told him. to be
gone and get sober. He applied to one
of the Janitors for a writ of certiorarl
against the warrant clerk/ and finally
departed for the , City Hall to obtain
a writ of habeas : corpus ¦ against the
janitor. Never were the law's classic
terms and vexatious processes more
hopelessly muddled than in the disor-
Charged With Flourishing Gun i in Face, of
Street Gar Conductor, He Informs the
Court That He Does Not Regret His Act
Single Numbers Class "D" Drawn at :
Puerto Cortcz. "Honduras, C. A.,
Saturday, April 16, 1904.
No. rrlz*.! No. Prize.! No. PrU*.
l<>0 24 lt;9 80] 371 24
4 1 ;* Ifij KO 24| 693 24
W« 24| >C7 361 1<>49 SO
1125...:. 24 ; 117.^ 1«] 1350 2«
13CV..;. 1«i 14S3 16| 1441 16
3591 S0 ; l«20 10| 16*4 1«
1766 1« 1982 4f!| 2068 80
-*2'.« 1*; 2398 24[23OO 1«
2317 SO 241<> 4012453... . 24
JMT2..... 40 24J9 4012533 24
Stt* 2*1 -«»7 24! 2S05 40
S*W4 l«i 2V>» 24 *»1 16
"'SIR 4«! S2»6 24! S492 16
•*S45 l«j 3571 ifi 3578 • sn
•"-•3 40 3643 80 40U Ifl
4<^>» 16 4136 16 4221 16
*~£ «0j 4243 16' 4309!!!!! 16
*J« 24! 439<i 2414338 16
*i^ «•! 4613 167 4654 80
•W T6 4M» «4 «<v»i ia
J2& TeriS:;!::; ]l
['•*! 16 5559 16 ! 5870 40
*SH WM85 16 WOO 16
*';.?* 40 5919 16 8827 16
*** 12OT4H55 M 8970 16
j"5? I6«185 24C444 16
S*d 4f.«*M 24B023 IB
i OoS 4o;ro«.l 1672O9 24
24,7«77 16.7972 40
•?;? 24:snnn i«;8i77 «o
*£}. "68271 168275 36
"<3 80 8378 24I842S 40
24(8570 1686 01 40
t?*f 24!86ft.S 16 8717 16
?;j 4 i 24;S796 168979 16
ti<* 249122 408222 16
J 1 , 2 /? lf.»4«2 M993& 120
**£ 16J1O135 1« 10297 24
l^H 4010321 K>10355 40
yti* 16IMTI 1610683 16
JV^i 4O1O78S 40 10909 40
!!t:::: !« U0T * 8O ,» W1 1>4
I)* 1 * 4011457 1611647 36
}\*%~ 12011676 ir>;i1T12 J«
llX*} 16 11*33 40 120S4 40
5H2?"*-" 401 22:« 4012241 *4«
•**2J 24112522 40 12562 lrt
Jg2 40,12726 16 12789 SO
5*791 40 12879 1613239 10
"*!* 24113342 2413464.!... 16
1 U«?9 S013549 2413600 24
1*5 4" 137N7 16 13930 30
, 3 3»*6 M). 13904 40,13S«5S 16
1"«9S» 16 14325 SO 14561 . . 2*
34fT62 40;i4750 8014842... . 24
I*?*" 24 15024 40 15055 40
5 »°?8 ie;15:i35 24115478 16
1MSS 24.15551 16 15653 40
«WJ 8015722 21115776 24
3S.M 1616855 1611S938 SO
3F<965 Kn'l(»l 241^402 16
IflgW 16,16«T2 36il»A4»!.:;. *t>
JW76 16 16979..... 16117000 40
37010 16 17333 16 17349 2t
3 771!l 16 17728 16 17770 lfi
17837 S4I806S 4018136 24
3V»6 1 ft H 8404 120118485 120
'* fi 74 16 18t»1 1C1S753 1«
I»l« 40 llrtKW 24!l913« . "4
I»180 40:l»200 16 19227 40
1P32f» 16,19;:37 120 151369 1«
3»4i6 2419773 16 19S47 16
S'XCe 3€!2rt22f> 40 20383 16
2(*3<; 1«2«S92 24 20791 24
2PMi2 24 20877 1C 20936 1«
2t»48 SO2fi9«7 24I21018 16
2H«3J> 40.21040 16:21059 ... 24
"H«»4 1«: 212«1 16121278 40
"12W 16 21639 16121774 16
22020 36 22213 24J2254S . 24
22fi23 1622697 1t)'227O3 . .. 40
22S39 24 225*50 24^23221. .. itJ
23267 120123323 24!23331 16
23342 16 23411 40 23460 Ifl
-:^25 40 23<S44 jui 23657 4C
2MC5 1R 23788 2423833 J6
ZZS71 36.23S<03 36 2C917 24
-3974 36124343..... 36124186 3«
1'4299 24 24448 36'24449 4K
2*497 36124«79 4024765 30
24»>C; 40124936 16 24915 24
249M 2425146 16:25422 36
25*22 1625950 242C020 16
•_'«W)2} 12026079 24:20131 16
26227 16262C4 24:26403 16
:r«;4ii soooj
26498 16 26509 40 2C813 SO
. It:i89 24 27020 RO 27040 24
27114 24127184 24;27213 1*3
27224 24 27303 24 27642 120
1'7779 1CJ27781 8027792 24
2;>»23 24 27939..... 40 27947 80
2*017 16 2S02S 80.28095 40
2*««> 2428206 3C2S33S 16
1-RS79 16 2924S 3 0 23307 24
••JM:;i 2129532 18 29C07 <O
»74.S 24 2»7.'>4 1629882 16
::0112 24 30251 HI 30372 3<i .
::<»4V»3 16UO497 40 30035 36
&*ZtH 1«13O642 1630C33 l«
.11015 16 31045 24,31191 t4
::i209 16,31425 24 31476 10
::l-iM> 24,31547 16131588 10
::16»6 1613161S 1631760 1«
."^lftOO 16132185 8032221 40
S2338 16132527 16 S2746 16
."295.1 24133101 40,33136 10
?^265 16J3346S 16 33064 4(J
.'-¦5789 243SS.TO 36133878 80
:>3947 4034049 40134135 16
34155 2434172 16|34347 24
34424 24,34438 24134497 40
."4536 16 34735 36 34738 24
H4WR6 40135105 24:35302 f'J
SS540 24!35OS1 40135714 2t
::.'.748 24 358C2 80 35870 24
C.S35S 4O ; 3tt010 24 ! 36002 Ui
MBit SO 36199 2436487 40
3G<50* 4030847..... 16136951 * 10
S7O»4 80137254 241S7286 120
."17317 40,37379 40 ! 37574 16
S7»C2 36.37628 24)37655 16 i
::7W» 24:37760 16J37770 16 1
.".7775 16.37972 40 38017 1G j
•W249 40S8250 1613(5621 30!
rastMtf 40 38946 16129030 1000
«S>Kf2 161390C2 120,39266 40
:!9S32 24|3»«29 1 C :-::<s!.s 2* i
."'.«:¦<! 4 16139946 16140108 2 J
40111 •J4-JCJW; 8040277 24
40315 24J4O370 80,40411 40 i
40425 16J40443 16 40584 10
40718 16 409C6 HO 41076 24
41080 16410S9 1C'41O99 1C
413S3 40! ;
11402 24'41505 24 41529 80
41728 24 4379U'.... 2441910 36
41U.12 2442310 1642133 24 i
422O2 24)42207 24J42236 16
42048 24,42442 16l42ol3 40
42567 4042C30 . 40'42631 1*0
42755 24'42S*66 24U3112 1C
42003 24i43H83 80J43423 24
43527 40U3S89 J6J43S38 16
43S92 1€!43S95 40.43929 . 1C
441101 16:44005 40J44013 2*
440S6..... 16144102 16144177 38
44358 24144384 16144460 2*
4<«24 24'444»4 ]6i44C55 24
44708 40 44722 16'<4752 10
44S91 40' 44973 24 40087 16
4M94 24'45223 40 45289 16
4*299 40J45332 1C14534S. :... 21
4.W61 24 4.V>:. R0I45418 I 24
4T.5S5 16:45689 40 45695 24
45723 K «W 40^46016 24
4C146 16'46276 4046397 24
46427 2446444 24J46463 40
40470 1646530 16i4677<J 24
4C968 80.46970 80:46935... . RO
4708* f 3C;47l34 16|47143 16
.«716* tl*Ii?i 40 47208 J6
47229 164.230 16 472S2 80
47321 24147353 1^47427 • 18
4748S 24J47491 8OJ47497 80
47811 16'47993 36 ! 48006 l«
48007. 16 ( 4Sl33 40'48143 «4
48177 PO|48221 40 148238 !.!!'. lfl
4^^68 4O14S458 36 4S509 SO
4W37 3C1465S7 24 48657 l«
48C80 364JMJ18 12049095... ja
49171 24J49259 80!43306 '. SO
4t«376 24|4»4O1 16)49448 i«
4»47« 804«507 16149522... j«
4«M6 1649621 16|4ftC33 4 n
4972S 1C 49902 16U9851... *l
r.0P22 2480137 16:50306...!. 40
WMM 16,60476 16;5O600 J«
BW740 16 0OS34 3C15O826 ifl
W«C» 40i6Oi«M 24:51139 16
Rli20 24151240 161M393 JO
MW4 4000. M687 10152131 iS
WKII 24S2365 • 24!52<K5 40
r.2;5a 24 S27S1 16182784 24
T.2795 J6I32848 40152S71 "4
B2S94. 12052906 2452941... «4
r.3O6S 401S30H9 16,53184 16,
400153220 24 153237 24
M»i43 18153790 4O:5.1S4. r . 16 i
KiCM..... 24I54O1O Jt01540C5 4i»
M070 16I54I08 40^4235 JB
rHHCi 161S4500 24154519 16 1
M.ViO 12ft 134 379... .. 16I54580 16;
r>46f>3 24I54C52 24|54C63 16
M60fl 16I54703.:... 16154734 16
W73« 24)54787 40154902 16
M911 24155396 . 24S55422 16'
ft54Cfl 24{S5fl<)9 16I5S619 16 !
S5f27 24|55654 4055825 40 '<
658S7 1»5i55K75 4oi55»28 18
W51«» 2450171 1615A626 24
f««72rt I«;fi934 40,56358 400:
R7O43 16.»7Oai SOI07I01:.... 16 !
r,7J13 40;57199 16157281 24
f'7330 16157332 24157357 24
R7401 16157524 120i575S4 16
r.7600 KO!5775S 24 •'.7802 16
57R2O...:. 16157K37 24157856 40
r*~hG7 16:37940 W)!57982 40
rmitl 16!5>«fW7 lfi'58213 24
RR316 40:5S439 16J58450 40
BUS 300001 f
T.85W 1R1590C9 . 16:59163 RO
69213 1659232 ] 6150335 24
. r .»492 4015U5S4 1V159619 • "M
R!*652 W3CTI lfii.*597O3 80
t»*«5 16:59901 1«!59982 16
B01W» 1C16O233 40|«W269 80
«<C72 " 2416O2SO 1««W394 16
«>4res 16i605<S8 40;COf«96 24
60*528 24!607O6 16JHO754 40
<if»22 24 '61060 1 6i61077. k .., 16
«9M 4O|«1086 40161192 24
«1241 40613Q0..... 1661426.....' 80
61502 16I61G02 16161743 . 24
NUMBERS
- OF THE-
Honduras National Lottery Co.
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY).
PATENT APPLIED FOR
DENTIST'S BAD TEMPER
EXPLODES BEFORE JUDGE
£°. Prise.jNo. Prize.lNo. Prise.
«]«*« 16 61774 lfl«1851 16
«921 16 61971 40 62350 24
<=*•: 16J62531 2462757 *0
•??§< 24;03004 120-G3065 16
«5'if If, 63260 2* ! 6337S 16
522" 40 63422 24IB34S0 10
<*£™ 24 63551..... 24!«5573 24
l<?!<BR»l 16,63926 40
J^W 40!C4404 40164477 16
£}£» 40^64678 24
6f£]l ' R0|65189 24165279 1«
™**1 16;6MS0 16J65472 16
***** 241655T.0 .1665862 24
f*£i* 80G5597 24 65611 80
?£$•• 4065785 24 65.139 16
?^62 40C6301 §066464 24
**«* 4OCfi.V56 16 66583...;. 24
J™"S 24 6W572 16'6C765 40
2£°l 1667046 24I6720S 24
SI 2 '; 120,67273 16J67392 24
g«i;:::: li™* 1 H 67607 z%
£I£2 16677*4 JCI67R0* 36
«'**» .2VRS005 J«!!6.S041 80
?*' n « l«|68200 ]«!682M 120
5*388 40|68425 40|«84S5 24
«MK« lCfiW.50 406S779 80
£*>»7 I6|69219 I6'C9277 24
24jeai47 ic.;»>r»359 16
0 40,6fl«S3 24iffi»9O4 24
<™>W 1«;«S»976 RO17OO31 40
• OCWI 24170191 40I70420 24
i°*62 l«7O49t 10i70514 16
i°595 SO 70617 10170798 16
i°£°l 24 70S5S 24705>;i5 40
ij«g lfii71202 40J7I232..... SO
i}'* 0 !* 247155* ROI71555 16
J1B82 10|71623 400171678 24
«1'46 10!717Cfl 16!7178« 40
,H£2± K0T1912 24172153 24
72173 24|7222S 24!72266
«22S4 24172330 16;7254fl
"25S1 120|72S36 4(K»:72H39 40
T2W6 24172>68 16I73154 80
73157 16 731C2 40 73244 40
"3332 40.73450 24|73577 16
735&.S 24 '73824 16I73SS3 24
"Cfc»7 4O74O»J1 lCi'4204 120
7427S 40j744W> I6J74523 16
74B59 80J74RO" 8O!74i5fl9 80
74S35 16752O8 16 ! 75216 40
75238 2475271 16175333 40
75484 1675487 16]
75506 16I7.554S 40>75C32 40
756K.-J 24(75723 16]7572« 24
757K3 24,7S91» 16|75ft<J6 24
76026 40176159 16I76C59 40
7C2S9 SO 76342 24|76490 16
76720 24,7CS49 16|76319. . ... 16
76950 24177029 1CI77O4O. . J. . 16
77063 40-77155 40J77320 24
77412 24I774S1 24 77514 24
77.197 16 7767S 400177741 16
77771 24'77S39 16178001 40
7SII24 16J7S082 24J7S277 1G
7S20 16 7S551 80I7S594 16
7S7OO 4<»;78S20 80178930 16
7S912 24!78»67 40J78981 16
7»0.n0 8079142 1617931S 24
793CS 4079394 24179401 24
79610 16 79717 40179721 16
79795 1«|79796 SCK79S03 24
79895 40S0C52 1CN0120 10
S0137 80)80197 16 80250 16
80372 24 S059S le'.HCHSW 24
8090S 16JS0997 16181092 24
81136 24IM171 80181347 24
81417 40.8164« '40,81720 40
81771 320IS17R5 16'S1897 16
MP04 ' ie'82075 80182110 24
82217 16^82257 161S235S 80
S2704 16l!>27C8. 16,82721 24
P2736 - 40I82S2R 1682874 24
K297"... 1 . . 24SS0S9 16183133 120
S"2«i3 16,83541 24183850 40
N3S56 40183976 80:84030 16
84226 24!84325 16S4427 16
M531....". -24,84562 24184781 16
84RO6 16,84885 40185015 16
8.-.29S 16 85354 16S5396 16
85397 36.85489 16'855o4 40
85600 16R57C9 24165874 40
*3942 24:85970 16;860o6 80
86097 40 8613S 161S6172 24
80033 1CJ866S3 24186713 24
86721 24.87161 40.87190 10CO
87329 16;S74O8 16!S7438 24
24]879ll 120 88278 16
8S329 24188451 24;8S46S 16
8S639 24188702..... 80 88734 16
88953 16<S8962 16I8S967 16
8S-.»99 401890T.9 16'S9142 24
891S1 8089205 40!893S3 16
89536 4089593 24189637 16
88898 I20;90O49 24 90180 40
90282 1690326 I6'9O350 40
903S3 16 90415 120190434 40
90511 24190527 40:90534 16
90801 24190942 24190948 16
90973 40i91093..\.. 24 91103 30
01116 16:91210 1691302 40
91319 24191328 40 ! 91466 1«
91579 40 91652 40 91653 24
92208 40:92221 16;923C3 24
92385 16192490 24:92551 16
92591 8092784 SO
U3054 16193156 161932CT. .: .. 16
93329 24,93426 1693437 80
93612 24 93714 16193707 40
93796 16193934 24193945 40
&S963 16193993 40 94092....; 16
94300 16194307..... 16:94351 16
94354 24j94517 24194625 SO
94670 16.94672 80194691 24
J»1C93 2494711 36194733 1«
94890 24 95061 40,95117 16
95140 16195299 16'95403 80
95C57 2000.956SO 1695994..... 21
960R5 80196189 " 40796338 24
9C376 24196520 16!96547 16
9KC..19 1G9C707 16,96765 24
96768 lfl!96797 24196812 16
96834 401909r>0 16190986 24
9»i969 16!9712i 16 97168 40
9724S 24'97313 16197374 80
97415 16J97418 24197651 40
97684 24:97695 24197710 16
97S13 M>!97S25 16!97834. . . . . 1«
97931 16197943.*... 16i97955 16
9S367 1619S436 16198606 24
PS623 1698711 4OI987C8 36
98790 16 9S79S 24198878 40
9SSS5 16,98932 16^98938 16
98943 1699120 16|99149 1«
99400 24199479 24199522 16
99692 40,99756 16;99939 16
- ORGANIZED MAY, 1900.
. . . ,; ;, CONSOLIDATED ¦!.. . . . ,.
•The R. G. Co. and The' S.' P. Co. ¦ "
TO THE PUBLIC: jji BEWARE OP COUNTER
FEITS ! ! AFTER MAY.,1, 1004, all genuine
tickets of this company ; will have initials
\ It. G. Co. on faces' and. monogTam R. G. C.
'on backs thereof. '¦ . . ¦ * -
Following are the Capital ; Prizes as decided
by the Honduras National Co., Saturday, April
16. 1904: No. 58532 wins S750O, sold in San
Francisco, Cal.; No. 26411 wins $2000, sold in
San Francisco, Cal.: No. 51664 wins $1000, sold
in Oakland. Cal.; No. 05657 wins $500, sold in/
Eureka,? Cal.; No. 39030 wins $260, sold in
Banta Cruz. Cal.; No. 87100 wins $250, sold In
Portland, Ore.
¦» The R. G. Company paid to Crocker-Wool
worth National Bank for Billy Campbell, Red
dlnjr, Cal.;- $3750 for one-half ticket No. 20145.
drawing March 24, 1JKH.; to Charles F.« Maio,
Bakersfleld, Cal., for client. $1250 for one-half
ticket No. 24501, same date. i
All 'prizes of this company are paid in full
immediately on " presentation • at • the office of
the company In San Francisco.' -
$10,000 reward will be paid to any, person
who has ever presented one of our prizes at our.
office and was refused payment. *
Tlie Louisiana R.G. Company ;of San
Francisco, j
• ¦ - ¦ - .m - . • -
THE , SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,- APRTL 21. 1904:
7
AMTJgEMEirra.
GRANDS
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
a— weeks oarxiT— a
TO-HIOHT — AIili THIS WMI—
KOLB AND DILL
-BARNEY BERNARD
WINFIELD BLAKE
.MAUDE AMBER
HOPE AND EMERSON
HOITY-TOITY
NEXT WEEK— FIDDLE-DEE-DEE. WHIRL-;
I-GIG and BIG. LITTLE PRINCESS i
PRICES-=-15c, 25c, 60c, 75c. ¦ >
CALIFORNIA
America's Greatest Actress, i^fc
m ROSE OOQHLAN ¦
51 In Her Latest and Best Success B
¦ TEE OBSATEST THINS IN THS WORLD I
|| /A Superb Cast. Magnificent Gowna. 9
H EXTRA— KEZT SUHDAT B
H Sam S. Shubert and Nixon & Zlmmer- I
B| man present their Musical Comedy S
m Novelty. R
¦ -A Oiai. FSOM DIXIE B
¦ By Harry B. Smith, author of "Robin I
a Hood." The Original New York Madl- . ¦
¦ son Square Theater Co. 60 Singing I
H Artists — 60. Big Beauty Chorus — 16 ¦
m Stunning Show Girls — Great Double. ¦
Male Quartet. - m
&M I IMRI A m mmm
'Winning Candidates for Popular Favor! J*j
¦ Mr. Fred Nlblo Politely. Proffers tha . '
Still running In Geo. M. Cohan's musical farce.
BumrzHO ros. orrxon.
This Week and Next Week, i
Nightly. Including Sunday— Matine« i Saturday.
ItIV/AI I opera
1 I V vLI house.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
last four;nights
Mllocker's Delightful Comlo Opera,
¦rill" beginning'
I U la MONDAT
I ML ' EVENING,
DERRAR nEVIVAL.
DLUUnR when johnny
STUDENT MARCHIIMG HOME
USUAL TIVOLI ' PRICES— 25c, 50c, "•> 75c.
¦... , 'Box and Mezzanine Seats, $1.
¦ ;'"¦":--¦ i ..•¦:.'-. ,¦ ¦ ¦• *.-. •- ' ¦ '- ¦ :!>""-¦
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMEKT3.
MR. HUGO MAN8FELDT
r '" Presents hl» pupil, '' .
IRBNEPALMER
piano:recital
THURSDAY * EVENING, "APRIL 21, 8:15."
STEINWAY 1 HALL., 223, SUTTER ST.'
•¦ ADMISSION. 1 . ONE .DOLLAR.
BASEBALL
. AT PARK.;
Eighth and Harrison sts. :
Oakland vs. tacoma^
" THURSDAY a nd FRIDAY, 3 :30 P.' M.
¦> SATURDAY. 3 P. M.
SUNDAY. 1 2:30 P. M.
LADIES' DAYS TO-DAY. AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sale "of Seats at 5 Stockton st."
AT O A T A : "O Belasco & Mayer.
' General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN. .
Evs.. 2Sc to "5c; Mats. Sat. & San.. 25c to Me.
. FIRST STOCK PRODUCTION. - «¦"•
The Frisky
Mrs. Johnson
CLYDE FITCH'S 8ATIRICAL COMEDT.
"Was cleverly presented." — Chronicle. •
NEXT MONDAT, The Famous Comedy,
400th week of the THU VCW nnVU
ALCAZAR STOCK CO. 1 BE flCW VLUWPl.
GENTRAL'^B?'
Market Street. Near Eighth. .Phonj South 933
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Greatest of. All Naval Dramas.
The White Squadron
Mammctb Production! Magnificent Scenery!
.Gorgeous Costumes!
150— PEOPLE IN CAST— ISO
Brilliant Spectacle of tha Congress of tha
Navies!
Sailors of All Nations!
Uncle Sam's Matchless Jack Tars!!
pmrcc Evenings... 10c to SOo
rfilVCJ MaUneea.... 10c. 15c. 23o
'•'. Next — THE STILL ALARM.
}JP RE j SOMETHING
NICE AND UPROARIOUSLY FUNNY. '
,| CHOW CHOW. ]
FULL TO -THE TOP ROUND OF THE
LADDER i,
, With more great - Specialties, ' Bright Songs.
, - Original Features than a Hundred
Other Comedies. .>•"'
RESERVED BEATS— Nlghti, 25c. 50c an J
73c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 23c and
00c. Children at Matinees, 10c and 23c.
THURSDAT, April 28— A. O. F. THEATER
• ¦ ¦ .- ' - PARTY. : --. .' . ->'
ALHAMBRA_THEATER.
JONES AND EDDT STS.
TO-NIGHT— TO-MORROW EVENINGS.
Gorgeous and Spectacular Production of
SHAFTER HOWARD and W. H. CLIFFORD'S
Two- Act Musical Comedy, ' : -
Bis Royal Nibs
GRAND CHORUS 6F TO PEOPLE.
ORCHESTRA OF- 20 PIECES.
For the Benefit of the
CALIFORNIA WOMEN'S HOSPITAL
Reservations and. Tickets on Sale at Sbarauit
Sc. Clay's Music Store. Kearny and Sutter sts.
• ¦ „ ¦: ¦•«.-.-.¦» PRICES — 50c to %S. -.• - - '
Biffh-Class Speci»ltl«« Zrtrr Afteraooa
•. an d Br taxing la the ThtaWr.
— -TO-mQWS-rr-
GAL A AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
• —Concluding . With— - — *;
NEW LIVING PICTURES
Take a Ride on the* MINIATURE ELECTRIC
• ; RAILROAD. >
VISIT CABARET DE LA 1 MORT.
ADMISSION. . ... T.IOc; I CHILDREN..'. . . . .5c
.' r When < Phoning Ask for -'The Chutes.'/. .
THE WEEKLY dALL
_ t - ' ; i . PATTOSIEN'S.
largest and Most Important |
AU(mONS^LE |
Ever Held in San Francisco j
THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY, I
APRIL 21, 32 and 23, 9,
Commencing each day at 11 o'clock a. m. J
AT PATTOSIEH S.l
Sixteenth and Mission Streets. 3
On account of the absolute retirement from business {
We have Feceived instructions * J
to sell without limit or reserve »
PATTOSIEN'S magnificent stock of the newest and •
latest designs of Parlor Upholstery; Oak, Birdseye Maple •
and Solid Mahogany Bedroom Furniture. l~. m
Dining-Room and Library Furniture in Golden Oak and £
2000 pieces elegant Parlor Upholstery in Mahogany, •
Gold j Gilt, Maple and Oak. 2
500 Bureaus in Mahogany, Oak and Birdseye Maple. *
1000, Solid Brass and Enameled Bedsteads. > •
300 Mahogany, Oak and Maple Ladies' Dressers. •
2000 Dining Chairs in Oak, Mahogany and Weathered »
Oak. ' J
150 Sideboards and 'Buffets in Golden and Weathered g
365 Extension Tables in Golden and -Weathered Oak. *
ALSO* S
A large assortment of Ladies' Dressing Tables, Chiffon- •
! iers, Hall Stands and Hall Mirrors, Pedestals, Tabourettes, J
' Rattan and Summer Furniture, Children's Cribs and Chairs. J
I ALoO - ' tt
Wood Mantels, Tiling and Grates. t •
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO., %
Auctioneers. v.J
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HHhB A ft jBe^B|' ft A mBStsA
BBBBw IB n nKi I9^^O
¦nBJKS !¦ I rm^sjl Bl^^m^l
'Pfllfl'r> DON'T TAIL TO
laiUVV ,ee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
51 fifl room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, tho
r 1 PALM ROOM, tho
lff/1 fifl LOUIS XV PAR-
ui aiiu LOR> md the !tA2
n j 1 DIES' WRITINQ
notels rqqm-
AMUSEMENTS.
VAUDEVILLE SPELLBINDERS
Wilfrea Clarke and Company; Ethel Le-
vey (Mrs. Cteorgre M. Cohan) ; Tony Wil-
son and Helolse; Mile. Amoros, assisted
by Mile. Charlotte; 4 Mortons" and
¦ Orphetun ' Motion - Pictures, showing: a
complete reproduction ' of the .
OPERA OF '^ FAUST."
Last times of Edmund Say and Company ;
The Ellis-Nowlan Trio 'and; Flo Adler.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and 'Sunday. "Prices.- 10c, 25c
and BOCIt v ' ' . ¦¦.-.-.¦¦..-¦¦-¦
MAJESTIC THEATER
1 ¦-., ", Phone South 452.'
\ TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
MAT. SAT. at" 2:15. v,
j ISABEL IRVING
In Winston Churchill's' Great Play,
"THEGRISIS"
_..'; Box Office ; open ; 10 a. m. to 10 p.; m. •
Racing. '^^^^Bacjni!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
V* NEW; CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB, ' ~i
Racine Each Week Da*; Rain or Shin*. .
Six or More Races Daily.
¦ Races commence at 2: IS p. m. sharp.
¦For special ¦ trains stopping- at the track tak*
8. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12 :3u.
1 :00, 1 :30 or 2 o'clock. | No | smoklns | In last two <
cars, f which ¦ an ; reserved for < ladles and • their
«8corts.V.,;";V-^ •"-' .' : - r .'.¦''-' - ' / '"'.'' ' :
;¦ : Returnlns trains leave . track at 4 :10 ' and '
4:45 and immediately after tha ' last race. ¦ --;>
' THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, PreaidtnU
¦. ' PERCT W. TREAT. Secretary. ;-;;:;¦;;/¦SCULLY GETS . BALM ' ' FOB ¦ INJTJRT.—
James A. Scully get > a verdict ¦ for. S2000 dam
asea against tbt United Railroads ¦ yesterday.
Ills . foot ¦ was . badly i crushed % while he r was a
pasaencer an an electric • ear and he sued the
teiPfany for J10.0W. ; . . ..„.,
6PKIXGFIELD. 111., April 20.— The Supreme
Court in the rase of th« Wear* Commission
Company of Ctolcaso to-day af finned a .' de
cision of the County Circuit Court and the Ap
pellate Ct.-urt, holdiny that transact iom |n
prain where actual delivery Is not Intended
art UlcftL
OAKLAND.^ April 2p.—The charge
of 'embezzlement .against Charle3
Blessing, former, manager of a b'cycle
agency in this city, has been dismissed
in the police court. Differences Bless
ing ",.hadi u with .-,: his , employer, F. VM,
Jones; "were settled.":*;^ v:*; Kv -'^ *
QUINCY, Mass., April \ 20. — To-day'
200 molders and pattern-makers of the
Fore; River, Shipbuilding and' Engine"
Companyi joined the strikers, making
a total of S 000 men now idle.
3000 Men Idle at Quincy.
Butchers to Hold Barbecue.
OAKLAND. April 20.— The Butch
ersMJnion will give an old fashioned
barbecue and picnic at Idora Park on
Saturday. May 7, at which there will
be exhibitions of rough riding, "bron
co" bustlnc*! - and contests in . lariat
throwing. There will be a' display of
fireworks in the evening.
Right Rev. Thomas ; J. Conaty. D. D.,
Bishop ¦»' of <; Los . Angeles, - will . deliver
his I first ' public , lecture Mn San - Fran
ciscdMonday evening/ May 2. . Bishop
Co na ty has ; a great reputation as an
orator \ and * scholar. V He ', was .' one o of
this founders; of t the Catholic Summer
School In the East and was selected by
the Archbishop of the United States as
rector ; of - the \ Catholic \ University, to
succeed ; Bishop Keane.
Bishop 'Conaty . is In great demand in
Los "Angeles as a speaker on ' all occa
sions ;of lniportance.i and'C he" attracts
large [audiences. P, There; is deep ! inter
est' In - his 'coming ] In '; this ¦ citjV
It ; Islunder the] auspices of . the Catho
lic Truth Society;; \ ;, W ; - - .,
¦ '. ¦¦-.¦ .¦•¦¦. ¦. ; - . . ¦ — •
ALAMEDA, April 20. — Boosters
from all sections of Alameda County
w*iir attend the big promotion rally to
be held under the management \ of the
West End Improvement Association
in the ' W«bster-street wigwam to
morrow night. President C. R. Smith
of; the association will be the chair
man of the meeting and among the
speakers will be Mayor Warren OJ
ney/ of: Oakland; Thomas* Rlckard
president of the Town" .Trustees of
of Berkeley; Rufus P. Jennings, secre
tary of the California Promotion
Committee; Senator O. R. Lukens, Rl
A. Dague, Rev. William Norman
Guthrie. Superintendent of Schools
Fred ¦ -T. Moore and , re presen t a ti vea
from the Adelphlan Club of this city
and', the Ebell Club of Oakland. '>.
Prominent Speakers Are Billed to Ad
' dress Meeting in the Island
City To-Xiffht.
ALAMEDA, April 20.— -City Clerk
James W. Gillosrly was elected cap
tain of Company; G, "^ifth Regiment,
N, G. C, last. night to succeed Captain
B.R. McDonnell,*: resigned. George
Schroeder was ' chosen first lieutenant
andiRushton.MeConnell second lieu-'
tenant <v^M8fflaBSBJg|E-'. -"
Gillogljr Elected Captain.
OAKLAND. April 20. — A 'decree of
divorce was granted Alpha Davis to
day by Judgre Ellsworth from Lizzie
C. Davis on the ground of willful de
eertlon. Mrs. Davis refused to leave
Grass Valley and come to Oakland
with her husband and after waiting «.
year or - more Davis filed his petition
for a divorce.
Wife Left Him.
ALAMEDA IS RKADY FOR
BIG RALLY OF BOOSTERS
Xew Berkeley Firm.
OAKLAND. April 2e.— Ari teles ¦ of
Incorporation of the Miller-Walker
Company were filed s with the "County
Clerk to-day.' The purpose of the com
pany is to establish a irrocery business
in Berkeley. The capital stock of the
corporation is $20,000 and is divided
into shares of $100 each. . The direc
tors are W. A. Walker. Anna J. Wal
ker. Abner Walker. W. W. Miller and
Clara Miller.
SAILED. *¦
Wednesday. Aoril 20
Btrar Asuncion. Bri duett, ;: Fort Hartord.
DOMESTig PQHT3-
TATOOEH— Passed out Anrll 20— Stmr Stan
ley Dollar, from Victoria. P C, for Japan.
>vv 'ISLAND PORTS. ";•
¦ HONOLULU.^ Arrived . April 2^— Stmr Ven
tura, hence April 14 for Auchlan.l and Sydney.
> OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived April " 2&— Stmr Ma
jostle, - from Liverpool : a*td Qu t en s to wn ; Etmr
Victorian, from IitverDOOl; stmr Island, from
Copenhagen. ....
Bailed Asril SO-Stmr Cedric,' for Liverpool.
- LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 20— fitror Iver
nia, from Boston; stmr Bavarian, 'frcm gt
John, NB. and Halifax.
Palled A Drll 20— Stmr Frfesland, for Phila
delphia, via CweenstQwn z ;stmr Ooe*nlc. for
New -York, via Queenstown.
¦ aLA8OOW^Arrlved April H^-Stmr Buenos
Ayres, from Philadelphia.' "April 20 — £tmr Sar
dinian, from Boston, t - -
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed April 2O— Stmr
Kronprlnz IVJlhalm. from Bremen, for New
York, via Cherbourg •
QUKBNBTOWN— ArrtTtd April 2fr-8tmr
Neordland, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool,
and proceeded. ¦'^t^gMkmuif^eSkm^t^S^StgjL
.-- GENOA— SaiUd April 20— Stmr Nord . Amer
lka. for New York. - ; ' , . - -
-¦; CHERBOURG— .Arrived April . 20— Btmr Pa
tricia. .•¦* from New York, '; via ; Plymouth, for
Hamburg, and proceeded. • ;¦ - - - w s«sTCfel
.Sailed ADrtl 20— Stmr Kronprtn* Wllhelm.
from Bremen and Southampton, for New York,
" NAPLES— Arrived ¦¦- April «©— £tmr Prln*
Adelbert, from New ,, York. •»
i-. BAHIA BLANCA— Arrived i April' "; 20— Stmr
Admiral Ua/neltn. from Santa Rosalia, via
Coronel. / , f ;
'.-¦- HAMBURG— Arrived A»rll 20— Stmr - Aby
dos. from San Prandaco, ¦ etc., vta London.
- HONQKONO— Sailed prior to April SO— Stmr
Empreca ¦ ef ,¦ India, - for . Shanghai, Nagasaki,
Kobe. Yokohama, and -Vancouver.
i ANTWERP— Sailed April 20— Stmr Swltzer
eriand. for rhiladelrhia.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
OAKLANT). April 20. — Thomas G.
Duncan, a private In the hospital
torp? of the United States army, who
has returned from two years' service
in the Philippines, was in the Police
Court to-day on a charge of neglect
ing to support a child. His former
wife was complainant. Duncan was
released on bond, his case being con
tinued until to-morrow. ' He Is still in
the service. Before enlistinz Duncan
was a printer in this city.
lYoni I*hilii»i»uics to Jail.
Refreshments were served, and Mr;
Anslow, Miss Weston, Franz Adelman
and WJllard Bachelder entertained the
guests i with music. The sketch exhibit
will b« open to the public on after
noons and evenings until Saturday aft
ernoon, when admission will be by card.
The pictures are being rapidly sold]
and it; is expected 'ihit the entire col
lection will; be disposed of on the last
day.' The cards issued for Wednesday
are . good for the - Saturday function,
which will elosa with an entertainment.
BISHOP. CONATTs WILL V
LECTURE IN THIS CITY
The ladies of the board of managers
Qf . the Children's Hospital were the
hostesses yesterday afternoon at the
Press Club. The function waa delight
fully carried out and several hundred
ladies from the women's clubs ; of San
Francisco " and Oakland viewed / the
pictures on exhibition.' J V
Reception, at Pregs Club Is Well At.
tended by Art Lovers of
the City.
LADIES-ARE HOSTESSES
AT SKETCH EXHIBITION
OAKLAND. April 20.— Piedmont
Parlor No. E7, Native Daughters of
the Golden West, will give a prize
whist tournament at Ben Hur Hall on
the evening of Thursday, April 28.
The arrangements for the tournament
nre in charge of the following com
mittee: Miss A. Block. Mlsa Annie
McDonald, Miss Jones, Miss Winnie
Mulvey, Mrs. C'. Galvln, Mrs. - A-
Knabbe and Mrs. J. Brown.
Native Daughters' Whist Tourney.
KANSAS CITT, Mo.. April 20.— The Indict
ments returned by therw*nt Grand Jury at
Kansas City, Kans., against nine persons
charged with boodllne, w«r« quashed to-day
by Judre Moore In the t'oitrd States District
Court on the ground that they w«re Improperly
tltneii by Attorney O^ngral Cole man.
Members of Portola Council No.
470, Y. M. I., observed the seventh an
niversary of their organization with
an entertainment and dance at Golden
Gate 'Hall last night. In which 250
members and friends participated.
Grand Director Eugene G. Fitzger
ald acted as master of . ceremonies and
opened the evening's entertainment
with a few selections by Hynes* or
chestra. France Thiel, followed with
a number of rabid time airs on the
piano. He was recalled three times.'
Charles Oliver had the audience
convulsed with laughter with his
comic songs.
Charles F. Graeber's mandolin club
composed of five • young " ladles and
eight young men held the audience
spellbound and were compelled to re
peat a portion of their selection from
"Jl Trovatore" before their hearers
were satisfied.'
Misses Dorothy Driscoll and Lo
retta Murphy, gave an excellent rendi
tion of "Reveil du Lion," and as an
encore executed the "Picnic Polka"
with marked .accuracy.
Professor Graeber and D. B.« Torres
rendered several melodies on- -their
banjos. * •, The seats were removed from
the floor f and. dancing began, r It was
midnight before the; last waltz was
spun over the waxed floor' and the
evening's enjoyment ended.' ; -
Seventh Anniversary; of the Organiza
tion of That Body Observed in
Regular . Way. ,
OAKLAND, April 20. — The mem
bers of Sunset Rebekah Lodge No."10»
will Brive a prise whist tournament to
morrow evening at Alcatraz Hall in
West Oakland. The arrangements
are in charge of the following com
mittee; . Mrs. Kate Talbott, Mrs.
Mattle Martin, Mrs. Jessie Boswelt.
Mrs. A. B. Mclntosh, J. C. Bullock and
C. A. Gove.
Rcbekahs Will Play Whist.
OAKLAND. April :o.— The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: James
Mitchell. ov*r 111 and Anna Dormann.
over IS. both of San Francisco; Char
ley C. Vipan, 22. Oakland, and Ethel
M. Xorris, 19. CoffeyvHle. Kans.; Emil
Carlson. 31, Telluride. Colo., and Ida
M. BJorklund. SO, Sian Francisco; Al
pha L. Capps. 30, Emeryville-, and
Florence M. Irwin, IS. Fresno; AVil-
Jiam Abbey, 32, and Myrtle Mischael,
Zh, both of Oakland; Fred W. Sink,
owr 21. San Francisco, nnd Emma M.
GalUn. over 18. Oakland; Frank P.
Sproulp, "8. and Victoria. Weis, 20,
both of Los Angeles; Joseph S. Ander
i*on. over 21. Fruitvale. and Agnes V.
Stirling, over IS. Oakland: Robert S.
Harris. 27. and Eva D. HiRgins, 21,
both of Oakland.
Marring? Licenses
FORTOLA -COUNCIL, Y. M. I.,
ENTERTAINS AND DANCES
OAKLAND. April 20. — The ladles in
charge of the chrysanthemum booth
at the cominjr fair of St. Anthony's
parish will Rive a prize whist tourna
ment for the benefit of the booth at
St. Anthonys Hall, In East Oakland,
on Wednesday evening:, April 27. A
large number of prizes have been se
cured by the committee of arrange
ments, the members of which are:
Mrs. Hush Hosan. Mrs. M. J. Keller.
Mrs. William R. Geary, Mrs. H. S.
Knapp, Mrs. Donnelin. Miss M. Com
mms». Miss Fitzgerald. Mrs. Cook, Mrs.
John Ellis. Mrs. David Baxter, Miss
Eleanne Dimond, Miss Anna" Howard
and Miss Posters.
I*rire Whist Tournament.
The newly elected officers are: Presi
dent. H. C. Capwell; v1q« president.
Charles J. Heeseman; secretary, Ed
win Stearns; treasurer M.J. Keller.
After the election the directors In
dulged In a brief discussion of plans
for the coming year " and the board
adjourned to meet next Friday even-
Ing. ¦ .
The new officers are all well known
In Oakland and have been prominent
In the commercial world upon this side
of the bay. Mr. Capwell, the new
president, is a leading retail dry goods
merchant and has been prominent in
Oakland affairs for many years.
Charles J. Heeseman, '• the vice presi
dent, Is a leading retail dealer, as is
also M. J. Keller, the treasurer. Ed
win Stearns has been secretary and the
executive officer of the board for sev
eral years. -^^
OAKLAND. April 20.— The officers
of the Oakland Board of Trade for the
ensuing year were elected at the first
meeting of the newly elected board of
directors, which was held this "after
noon at the rooms . of . the Board of
Trade.
II. C. Cnp^cll Is Chosen President to
Serve During Uie Coming Term.
NEW BOARD OF TRADE OFFICERS
Prince Luigi of Savoy has been In
vited to attend the State dinner to be
given by the California. Promotion
Committee at the Palace Hotel Satur
day evening. April 30. He Is a cousin
of the present King ojf Italy. Accept
ances have been received at the head
quarters of the committee from as far
north as Eureka and as far south as
San Diego. All sections are Interested
in the function. Among: those who
have signified that they will attend the
dinner are the following:
W. Si Green, president, and • W. A. Beard,
secretary of the Sacramento Valley Develop
ment Aisoclatlon; Victor A. Scheller. presides t
of the San Jo»e Chamber of Commerce; I B.
iJeMahill. secretary ot the California Central
Coast Counties Improvement Association ; K.
P. Lathrop. vte« president of the Central Coast
Counties Association; C. R. Smith, president
of the Alameda Advancement Association: Ed-,
win Stearns, secretary of the Oakland Board
of Trade. . From the. San Diego Chamber of
Commerce— Dr. Edward Grove. D. F; Garret t
son, A. G. Nason, E. E. Berg-ln, E. A, Horn
bftck. From the Yolo County Chamber of
Commerce— F.-W. Blanchard. W. P. CraJ* E
E. Leaks. Charles W. Thomas. Also John s'
Matheson of Los Angreles, Fletcher A. Cutler
of the Humboldt County Chamber of Com
merce of Eureka. A. Frank , Neate of the
Fresno County Chamber of Commerce. Gover
nor Pardee, David. Starr Jordan Benjamin Ide
Wheeler and Charles F. Uimmis,
Prince Lulgi of Savoy, Cousin of
Italy's King, Is Expected to
Be Present.
PROJIOTIOX COMMITTEE ?,
/GUESTS TO BE NUMEROUS
Prior to the speaking there will Le.
a short musical and literary pro
gramme. In anticipation of a large
attendance the seating capacity of the
Webster-street wigwam, has been $n
creaged and the interior of the build
ing beautifully decorated for the oc
casion.
NEWLY ELECTED HEAD OF OAKLAND'S TRADE ORGANIZATION/ AND SEC
. RETARY AND TWO OF THE ORGANIZERS OF THE PROGRESS FEDERA
TION, AN ASSOCIATION WHOSE PURPOSE IS TO "BOOST" FOR BONDS.
"Conspiracy, bosh!" exclaimed At
torney Coftey, for Mrs. Pimentel. "If
the books shall be surrendered we
will ask to have the case j dismissed
right now<"
The taking of testimony was con
tinued until Friday afternoon after
Mrs. Pimentel had been on the stand
for three hours. Attorney Coffey
declared the financial accounts of the
council were in a tangle.
OAKLAND, April 20. — The Portu
guese colony was In evidence In the
police court to-day when the trial of
Maria T. Perelra, former secretary of
Oakland Council No. 1. Portuguese
Protective .Union of California, -was
commenced on a charge of unlawfully
withholding the records of the coun
qll. Isabelle Pimentel. president of
the council, was the chief prosecuting
witness. ' Y'S^l/.
Attorney Leraog, for the accused
woman, hinted at conspiracy.
MAKE FIGHT AGAINST
A WOMAX SECRETARY
The founder of these organizations.
William G. Badger, passed away
March 14 last at the age of 82 years.'
A religious service waa held at Grace
Episcopal Church, but this did not
seem to satisfy a host of friends for
merly identified with the above and
other organizations.
A cordial invitation to attend these
services Is extended to those that
knew him best and. loved him. for his
many virtues.
The young people of that period
are now middle-aged and on the shady
side of life, many of them occupying
positions of prominence and influence
in the community.
A memorial service in memory of
the late William G. Badger is to be
held Sunday. April 24, at 2 p. m., a.t
Golden Gate. Hall. 625 Sutter street.'
under the auspices of the Bunker
Hill Association. St. Alban's Sunday
school and the Order of Golden Link3-
These organizations flourished and
were widely known in this city during
the period intervening between the
years 1862 and 1890, the aggregate
membership numbering in the thou
sands.
pare for Memorial Services at
Golden Gate Hall.
Members of Societies He Aided Pre-
WILL IIOXOR THE MEMORY'
OP LATE WILLIAM BADGEIl
Two Enthusiastic Meetings Art* Held
and School Bond.- Are Indorsed.
OAKLAND, April 20. — There can be
no Question as to how the northern
j»art of Oakland stands on the pro
vns<*c". school bond issue, which, will
be voted upon on Saturday next. At
a meeting held in the Durant School
building last evening addresses In
dorsing the proposed bond issue were
made by former Senator Guy C Earl.
J>. G. J^ Dunhar. J. P. Garlick. H. C.
Injtram. Councllmau A. H. Elliott, L.
J. Hardy. School Director C. D. Rogr
rrs and W. K. Gibson. The following
resolutions were adopted:
th» City Council and ttw Baard~of
3>lu»«t1«n of the city of Oakland are about
t<» c*!l an election for th* Usuan** of bonds
ic>r many public LT.prevrnvnts : ar.4 whereas.
«f fc»t»ev» th» rMMtn* ¦of f«akl bonds will he
« ST*at N-nrflt to th» city at larse and to
«»*rr cfUm in the city o£ Oakland; therefore
i, n
Re«olv»d. That wr». the members of th* S*>c
oid W«rd Improvfmmt <1ut>. heartily Indorse
\U« action of patd Council «nd wild Board oJ
]".lu«!tt-n of the city at Oakland; and be it
lvrther
P.esolved. That *> will do all tn oar power
to s«*etir* th* passajre of eai-i bond*, believing
»h«t tn *o Uotnfr »«» ar» thu* pi»nK>tin*r the
V**t interests of the city end community.
"Hie Northwest Improvement Asso
ciation also held a meeting last even
ing and listened to an address by
School Superintendent J. W. McCly
r.ionds. This organization also In
dorsed the school bond proposition.
NOKTH OAKLAND FOR SCHOOLS.
D»fle left the bulk of his estate,
with the exception of bequests aggre
catin* $3000. to Mr?. Mary Dole, his
sister-in-law, and her son. Walter
Dole, with whom he made his home
for several years prior to his death.
Seven nephews and nieces living In
Bangor. Me., were dissatisfied and at
tempted to have the will set aside.
In granting the non-suit Judge
Greene said that the matter of undue
influenc* had not been established and
the proofs brought of Dole's failure of
mind did not extend to the period. at
which the will was made, nor did they
show that he did not know the value
and character of his estate and the
names of his relatives. V
OAKLAND, April 20. — The contest
brought to set aside the will of the
late Elbridge Dole of Hay wards re
sulted in a failure this morning. Judge
Greene granting a non-suit after the
plaintiffs bad put in their side of the
case. The estate Is valued at about
$20,000 and it was said that Dol« waa
incompetent to make a will, and had
been unduly influenced in 'making it.
Plaintiffs Are Unable to Show Undue
Influence or Establish His
Incompetence.
DOLE WILL CONTEST
KXDS IX FAILURE
When the school bonds were flret proposed
It was Intended to Incorporate them In the
general bond issue, but when the proposed
amount was added to the. $5.00u.000'<«for the
purchase of a water suppy and $2,000,000 for
r.'nferal city improvement!" the total was found
to be more than the . city couid Icrally be
banded for. and it was necessary to make the
echool bonds a separate issue. Better schools
are absolutely necessary . One school In
Oakland, the capacity of which is 600, is now
being used - to accommodate more than 1500
children. The city erovernment is taklngr all
possible precautions to make theaters and
public halls safe in case of fire, but just think
what the consequence would be If nre should
break out In one of our overcrowded school
houses. . .-. '. - ¦ ¦¦ "
Brief addresses were made by Edwin
Stearns, Wilbur Walker, H. B. Belden,
A. D. Coplln, Judge John Yule. J. C.
Estey, F. A. Stearns, A. V. Feight and
others, and the meeting adjourned to
attend the school bond meeting of the
Oakland Boosters at the common school
assembly hall at the Chabot Observa
tory.
The Boosters' rally was well attended
and addresses were made by Superin
tendent of Schools J. W. McClymonds
on behalf of the' Board of Education
and Councilman A. H. Elliott on be
half of the city government. Both
speakers forcefully presented the need
of better school facilities for this city,
and appealed to the voters to carry the
proposed bonds next Saturday. After
the addresses resolutions were passed
indorsing the bonds and the plans of
the Board of Education. Superintend
ent McClymonds told of the conditions
in some of the local schools, illustrating
the great need of Improvement. He
said in part:
Our sch<JoU are greatly, overcrowded and
many of the rooms in tbe district now occur
pled for school purposes are not suitable places
In which to house children. We have, rooms
in the basements of some of our building-*.
We have rented rooms not fitted for school
purposes, and w« have constructed In a very
temporary manner many rooms to tide over
deflciencies. The Importance of this proposed
bond Issue is euch that all resident*' of the
district should be interested enough to go to
the [tolls and vote.
Councilman Elliott's address was in
part as follows:
Delegates from the following organi
zations were present:- Oakland Board
of Trade, Merchants' Exchange, Oak
land Real Estate Association; Inde
pendence Square Improvement Club,
Piedmont Improvement Club, Oakland
Boosters; Pacific Lodge No. 7, A. O. U.
W.; Pythian Hall Association, Young
Men's Christian Association, German
Gardeners' Club; Argonaut Tent No. 33,.
K. O. T. M.; Oakland Lodge No. 162.
I. O. G. T.; Oakland Lodge No. 76,. Na
tional Letter Carriers' Association;
sub-local No. 1. I. ft. E. W»; "Woodmen
of the World, and Oakland Grange, P.
of H.
OAKLAND, April 20.— The Progress
Federation of Oakland, an organization
of delegates from various commercial
and fraternal bodies, improvement
clubs and labor organisations of this
city, the express purpose of which Is
to boost the proposed bonds for the Im
provement of Oakland, effected perma
nent organisation thls'evening at a
meeting held in the rooms of. the Oak
land Board of Trade. Officers were
elected and plans formulated for a vig
orous pro-bond campaign.
Fifteen local organizations were, rep
resented at the meeting which, which
was called to order by John T. Bell, the
temporary chairman of the federation,
and after some preliminary discussion
the nominating committee presented
the names of the following members for
election as permanent officers:
President, Edwin Stearns; vice presi
dent, Wilbur Walker; secretary. Dr. E.
R. TaU; assistant secretary. A. V.
Felght; treasurer, J. C. Bullock. These
were elected unanimously.
This identification clears up the
mystery that surrou-jded the flinlins <-f
s sloop floating bottom side Sp -it Point
Iliehn.ond on Sunday. April 19. In the
boat were a pair «>t shoos and a coat,
indicating that a :t:an had Ixtn
drowned. Nobody cpj^ured to claim
tbe boat, however, and the circum
stance might hav«j been forgotten,
along with the thousand other bay
mysteries, had not the body been found
last night.
The body was without coat or shoes,
and It was at once concluded that there
must be some connection between it
and the tragrtnly of the overturned boat.
This turned out to be correct when J-
If Cooper cf €01 Third street. Oakland,
partially Identified the remains this
morning as that of a man named Mel
ville, or Melvin, who had visited bis
p&loon. Throuph the efforts of Cooper
the drowned man's relatves were lo
cated and subsequently they completed
th* identification. Melville's mother
said that her son told her a week ago
Saturday, which was April 9, of a con
umptated trading trip up the bay. She
had not heard from him since, be
lieving a.11 the time that h*» was work
ing his way about the harbor. She
pave her son's age as 2S years and his
r.ativity as Salinas. Melville is sup
l<i>*<»d to have lost his life In the storm
that .prevailed on the bay two weeks
ago.
The body of the man found floating
upon the bay \raters at the foot of
Jorus tt:e<:t last night was id ratified
to-day as that of Robinson D. Mtlville
of 4Ci Twentieth street, Oakland It
m-jls r»cosx.ized by Melville's mother,
Ur*. Sarah A. Melville, her daughter,
and Armand Camet of 610 Fourtn
etre<ft, Oakland.
Oakland Offlc« San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, April 20.
The section that gave way is on the
Contra Costa County Fide on the old
stage road that led through Walnut
Creek to Concord. At one point a bad
slide occurred, which for a while
blocked the road to heavy travel. Su
pervisor Stow of Contra Costa Coun
ty, in whose district the tunnel road
lies, is now at work making repairs
and he announces that in about two
weeks he Avill have the road in good
condition. Even now the road is pass
able for ordinary vehicles, though not
If heavily laden.
Much store was set by this unique
road through the 'hills by the resi
dents of the San Ramon Valley, who
wanted quick and easy communication
with Oakland. The road was com
pleted last year and it was feared that
the winter rains might have a dam
aging effect upon thefiew work. Tha
new portion of the road from the foot
of the grade on the Oakland side to
the tunnel and then down to the
Buckley residence on the Contra Cos
ta side -withstood the winter. There
has been no time when this portion
was not oocn.
The famous- tunnel road between
Oakland and Walnut Creek is not in
such bad condition as early reports
indicated. The tunnel portion of the
road has always been in good condi
tion, though the spring storms caused
a bad slide between the Fish ranch
and the little settlement of Lafayette
on the Contra Costa side of the hills,
but even at this point the road can
be traveled. •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, April 20.
With much to commend and little to
criticize, Julian B. Harries, special ex
pert for the city employed by Mayor
Olney, filed a report to-day on the
condition of the books and financial
records in the various departments of
the municipal government. Account
ant Harries notes a number of changes
in method he thinks would improve the
bookkeeping and simplify the accounts.
The Auditor's work in closely collect
ing personal property faxes is favor
ably noted. Concerning the Tax Col
lector's office Harries says:
"The books and accounts of this de
partment are all that they should be,
creditably correct, but It Is more than
can be said of the records dating back
some years."
The cancellation, of $22,273, delinquent
personal property taxes, the bulk of
them having been Involved in dead
litigation with the Southern Pacific
Company, was urged.. The expert said
the amount was not collectable and
should no longer encumber the records.
New systems of bookkeeping Intro
duced into the Board of Public Works
by Secretary W. B, Fawcett are par
ticularly observed by the expert, who
adds:
"This Is a, great Improvement, . and
praise is due the clerk of the Board of
Works who. devised, the plan." . . \
Harries recommends an increase in
the deposit of ?lo demanded from con
tractors as a guarantee for the proper
renewal of streets and the cleaning up
of debris around new buildings after
work' shall have been completed;
A new method for. handling the as
sessment rolls is recommended. The
expert finds that there is a Ios3 to the
city in tax collections because of delay
in the furnishing of the rolls by the
County Assessor. He urges that a copy
of the county rolls be made simulta
neously with the progress of work in
the County Assessor's office.
in the manner of Issuing re
quisitions for supplies are recom
mended.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. 1118 Broadway, April 20.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, April 20.
Mrs. Sidney Blanchard, the sister of
Miss Lillian Heald, who has been miss
ing for more than a week, is deter
mined to discover the identity of tha
mysterious "Mrs. Raymond" if that
person exists and has any regard for
the feelings of an anxious relative.
Miss Lillian Heald . dropped out of
sight Tuesday of last week and two
days later a letter was received by
Mrs.' Blanchard signed "Mrs."" William
Raymond." saying that the writer had
seen the missing girl fall into the bay
at .the foot of B street and drown.
The letter gave no address and was
believed by the police and Mrs.
Blancbard to have been the work of
the mislng girl herself. All efforts to
flnd Mrs. William -Raymond have been
unavailing and the mystery veiling the
letter is as deep as that surrounding
the missing girl. But more than a
week has passed and no trace of Miss
Heald has been discovered, and to-day
Mrs. Blanchard issued the following
letter addressed to the unknown Mrs.
Raymond in the hopes that she might
learn something either of the writer
or of the lost sister: .
Mrs. William Baymond: Whereas, your
Inter concerning my sister's disappearance ii
very unsatisfactory, and as in your excitement
you ware probably mistaken- as to tn* plaea
at which you eay this happened, and; wl»n
I ' assure you that no blapne can rest on you
and there Js no ' way In which ttooble can
possibly come to you because of this matter. I
bee and pray that you will come to m* and
tell me Ju»t how it happened and where, for
I know it could not have been at B ntre«t. as
there was no water there at the time you say
you saw her. '
If there is any reason why you cannot cent*
to me. you can write m« again and correct any
mistake you may have made. If you had only
given your address I might have written or
gone to you. "• -
If you have any human sympathy you win
do what I ask. * In horrible supeiwe.
MRS. SIDXEY BUNCHARD, •
835 Thirty-seventh street. Oakland, CaL
Big Hole Through . the
Hills Has Never Been
Blocked During Winter
Changes Urged to Prevent
Loss in Matter of Hand
ling the Assessment Rolls
Unknown Writer Claims to
Have Knowledge of Death
of 3Iiss Lillian Heaild
SLIDE OX OLD SECTION
OFFICIALS COMMENDED
SEARCH FOR LOST-GIRL
Famous Highway Into Con
tra Costa County Can Be
Traveled by Light Vehicles
Body Found in Bay Is Rec
ognized by Mother as That
of Robinson I). Melville
SOUTHEASTER'S VICTIM
Mystery of the Empty Sloop
Found at Point Richmond
Is Cleared Up at Oakland
Makes a Number of Recom
mendations as; to the
Methods in Bookkeeping
31ts. Sidney Blauchanl Asks
"Mrs. Win. Eaymond" to
Write Once More to'Her
DROWNED MAN
IS IDENTIFIED
TUNNEL ROAD
IS NOW OPEN
CITY EXPERT
FILES REPORT
WOULD SOLVE
TWO MYSTERIES
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL -.21, 1904;
Boosters Swell the Chorus by Enthusiastic Speeches and Fifteen
Local Societies Are Represented at a Grand R^illy Favoring
• Issue of Improvement Bonds for the Making of a Greater City
OAKLAND'S PROGRESS FEDERATION
ORGANIZES ON PERMANENT LINES
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
«^ fc STOW*ACr4 **¦
Don't suffer from La Grippe, Chills,
Colds or Malaria, Fever and Ague
this Spring. Keep the system forti-
fied by taking the Bitters. It is the
best preventive on the market and
never, faiis to give satisfaction.
It also cures Indigestion, Constipa-
tion, Dyspepsia and Insomnia. Try it
NEW ADVZRTI3Z1L|LNTS.
• WHAT CAUSES SAHX>BTJ77f '
:•¦¦-¦-• ! — .
Greatest European Authority on Skim
Diseases Says Zt'a a Gena. '
The old idea that dandruff is scales ef
skin thrown off through a feverish con-
dition of ; the scalp is exploded. * Prof.
Unna, Hamburg, Germany, European
authority on skin diseases, says dan-
druff is a germ disease. Thft germ bur-
rows under the scalp, throwing np little
scales of cuticle, and sapping the vitality
Of the hair at the root. The only hair
preparation that kills dandruff perms is
Newbro's Herpicide. "Destroy \ the cause,
you remove the effect.** Not only cures
dandruff, but stops falling? hair and per-
mits a luxuriant growth/ D«liphtful hair
dressing. Sold by. leading druirirists. Send
10c in stamps for sample to The Hen>i-
.ctde Co.. Detroit. Mich.
Gold Xro\ms at Cost
22 K. crowns; serviceable and artis-
tic; guaranteed not to tarnish or come
off. Pivot teeth which cannot be de-
tecteu :*¦ from the natural. Crowded
and twisted teeth 'regulaleTl. free. Ex-
traction free. Cleaninefree. Pain-
lc*s methods. Graduates onlv. Twenty
years' guarantee. . .
.Week Days, u to; 9; Sundays, o to it,
POST-GRAOUAlJOENTAL COLLEGE
. Su rraaolsco^3 Taylor' Stz««t.
; . O aklaod— 973 . Wasainxtoa • Street.
•' »aji'Jos»^45jBast' Saata: Clara' Str^ V
Sacnuncato— 407 J Stre«^Sailor. Crushed 'to .Death.
SANTA BARBARA, April 20.— The
convention ! ot ihe Transcontinental
Passenger Agents'^ Association,* which
has been in session in this cKy for the
past two days, came to a close short
ly after noon /to-day. The entire
morning session was given '. over .to a
consideration of the World's Fair ex
cursion dates, 1 a difference of opinion
existing between; Eastern and Western
agents concerning -the frequency,of de- ;
parture dates from^terminal; points Ion
the Pacific, CoasC It was the ,ex
preesed opinion of * the ", Eastern men
that one day a week was sufficient ' to
handle the ; Pacific I Coast . traffic, 1 but
the coast agents held out for a greater
number of departure dates, : amounting
practically i tk/ two^ & week.* /After a
protracted discussion the Western men
succeeded; in the (Eastern
agents and an agreement was reached
on two ' day»«.of each/ week.' j Round
trip . rates ; had. ' already been 'agreed
upon several daysago. ; The schedule
will be in force from May to. October
inclusive. • * r •' •.
Eastern Agents Yield to Demand . of
Tvvo Departure Days From the
Pacific Coast.
PASSENGER MEN AGREE .
ON RATES TO ST. LOUIS
None of the men are willing to com
promise, and the stablemen are equally
insistent that they may hire men;irre
spective of the fact whether or not they
belong to unions.
The question of an "open door" pol
icy is the bone of contention between
the drivers of unionized cabs and the
owners thereof, who constitute the Sta
blemen's Association. Last night there
was a consultation between representa
tives of the two organizations at- 24
Eighth street. The meeting was stormy
and practically without result.
The hackmen were insistent on an
abrogation of the notices posted in the
stables practically declaring that union
and non-union men were acceptable.
To this " the advocates of the drivers
objected so strongly that the meeting
was adjourned without a decisive de
termination. . X
At the end of^he session the repre
sentatives of the cabmen withdrew and
the owners remained. Before the break
up President Finn of the Stablemen's
Association delivered a ringing address
to the cabmen, telling them of .the ex
penses in the way of rent, feed "and
hire to which employerfl.are subjected.
The delegates , listened ¦ '.coldly his
words and then withdrew to .their own
headquarters, where the question of an
"open door" policy was discussed nega
tively. • •
Cabmen and Owners Hold Conference,
bat Adjourn Without Agreeing.
DISCUSS "OPEN DOOR."
Gowdy has telegraphed the suspen
sion to the United States consulates
throughout the Continent, as It affects
all European shipments.
PARIS, April 20.— Consul General
Gowdy has received a cable message
from the State Department at Wash
ington, suspending the order requiring
original bills in the case of all goods
exported to the United \ States. The
action of the United States Govern
ment has caused great satisfaction to
exporters.
Original Bills Are No Ixmger Required
With .Shipments From Foreicn
Countries.
GOVERNMENT SUSPENDS
AN OBNOXIOUS ORDER
PORTLAND, Ore.. April 20.— A
special from Walla Walla, Wash.,
says: Engineer Godfrey and Fireman
¦\Villistfn Grayson were injured^ fn a
wreck on the Washington and Colum
1 i» River Railroad's Pasco train
shortly after midnight several, miles
vest of here. General Manager Jo
seph McCabe. who was on the train,
was slightly hurt, as were two or
three others. The derailment was
caused "by a washout on Mud Creek.
Train Near Walla Walla Strikes
a Washout and Is De
railed.
J'XCrVEER AND
INJURED IS ACCIDENT
SANTA ROSA, April 20. — The Re
publican County Central Committee
convened this afternoon at 1:30 o'clock
at Germania Hall. W. J. T. Orr of this
city was made president and H. W. A.
Weske acted as secretary. Delegates
to the State convention were chosen
at the session, and strong resolutions
indorsing Theodore Roosevelt's ad
ministration were indorsed. The publfc
a-tions of Senators George C. Perkins
and Thomas R- Bard, Governor George
C. Pardee, State Senator Edward F.
Woodward and Assemblyman F. A.
Cromwell ' were also indorsed warmly
in the resolutions adopted by the com
mittee. The delegates chosen from the
Thirteenth and Fourteenth Assembly
districts are as follows: » ¦ /^
Thirteenth District— H. M. Le Baron,
I. McGufiln, C. H. Pond, E. M. Norton,
T. C. Putnam, J.' E. Olmsted, Lyman
Green, George Mason, William Taylor,
Sam I. Allen and W. H. Woodson.
Fourteenth District— A. G. Burnett,
E. F. Woodward, M. Muther Sr.; W. F.
Price, U. G. Peterson, J. -L.. ,Talbot,
Robert A. Poppe, J. Willis Goodman,
C. E. Haven- . / r
County Central Committee Elects
Delegates to the State Con
vention.
SONOMA REPUBLICANS
INDORSE ADMINISTRATION
But when an effort was made to take
possession of things, flrsHn the Mult
nomah County convention *and after
ward In the State convention, the Web
footers rose in wrath and turned down
the agents from the south.
Then Farmer swung with his right
and nearly fell down with the effort.
Bystanders interfered and the belliger
ents were separated. Then Mooser ex
plained. He said that he- could buy up
all the delegates if he wanted — that is,
he had money enough to do so. The
meeting was just then called to order,
Mooser left .the room and the incident
closed.
M. F. Tarpey will invade Washington
with *.he Hearst boom. Mooser and B.
D. Murphy will go back to California.
That Hearst would have been indorsed
for the Presidency Is admitted by the
moat earnest Hearst antagonists had
the Californians confined their efforts
to the Interior counties.
"You didn't," said Mooser.
"I did," retorted Farmer.
"You're a liar," yelled Mooser.
PORTLAND. Or.. April 20.— L. H.
Mooger, a Hearst boomer from Cali
fornia, drifted Into a meeting of the
Multnomah County Democratic Com
mittee and also much trouble this even-
Ing. Tho trouble was caused by J. M.
Farmer, a member of the committee,
who ch3rged Mooser with having made
boasts of bribery." /
When Mooser- came Into the com
mittee room in the Board of Trade
chamber some one tojd him of Farm
er's remark, quoting Mooser as Bay
ing before the convention: . "I will
have the delegation if I have to buy
it." Turning to Farmer, Mooser cried
out angrily: "Any man who quotes
me as having said I would buy up
delegates is a liar."
"Didn't I hear you?" replied Farmer.
Oregonian Resents Remarks Made by
Ji. 11. Mooser.
HEARST AGENT IN TROUBLE.
MADERA. April 20.— T. Maravich
was killed and John Rapanich was se
riously injured yesterday at the Sugar
Pine mills by a tree, which was felled
close to a cabin In which they took
refuge from the rain. The men lived
in Fresno.
idlled by Falling Tree.
SACRAMENTO, April 20. — Gover
nor Pardee to-day granted a reprieve
until June 23 to Leoung Ock, the
Chinaman who was to be hanged next
Friday at San Quentin. The reprieve
was granted on the recommendation
of Dr. Hatch, Superintendent of State
Hospitals,, who thinks the Chinaman Is
insane. ""
Reprieve for a Chinaman.
LOS ANGELES, April 20. — Th«
Federal Grand Jury, sitting here, re
turned five indictments this afternoon
against H. T. Hays, former cashier of
the Orange Growers* National Bank of
Riverside. Three of the indictments
charge falsification of accounts and
two misappropriation of the funds of
the hank.
Former Bank Cashier of RJversid*
Charged With Falsification and
' *
FIVE INDICTMENTS ARE
,1 *;¦:¦ 3IADK AGAINST HAT!
Miner Kijls Himself.
RENO, Nev., April 20.— John- Hun
ter, a miner, who has been work J ng in
this vicinity for several months past,
killed himself to-day by shooting in
the head. He had just finished play
ing a game of billiards with a friend.
Going behind the bar in the absence
of the bartender h° picked up the lat
ter's revolver and fired before friends
could interfere. He was sick and de
spondent. ,.' ...
Negro Wanted for Murder.
SACRAMENTO, Aprik 20.—Gover
nor Pardee to»day issued a warrant
for the requisition of Joe Godley. a
colored man, who is wanted for mur
der in Kansas. Godley was recently
captured in San Jose, where he Is now
held.' : v >i5l*3
BOSTON, April 20. — A' spirit of con
cession to the supporters of iW. R:
Hearst was manifest at to-night's
meeting of the Democratic . State
Committee, called to perfect arrange
ments for to-morrow's State conven
tion, at which delegates at large and
alternates to the National Convention
will be chosen. The friends of Rich
ard OIney claimed, however, that the
convention would advocate Olney's
nomination for the Presidency by se
lecting delegates pledged for him.
The Hearst men, headed by George
Fred Williams, won what they con
sider an important concession from
the State Committee when .that body
voted against the embodiment of the
unit rule in the call for the convent
tion. But, although they won this
point, there is nothing to prevent the,
OIney delegates presenting resolutions
to-morrow committing the convention
to the unit rule. Williams said to-f
night that if such resolutions were,
passed they would be illegal and any
attempt to bind' the district delegates
would be laughed at in St. Louis.
t The State Committee refused to al
low the protest of the Hearst support-;
ers that the caucuses in Lowell, which,
elected OIney delegates, were illegal,
but granted credentials to two Hearst
delegates in Chelsea, where OIney
delegates had been selected.
Olncy Supporters in Massachusetts
YVnve U»Q Olive "Branch.
CO>XESSIONS TO HEARST.
It Is contrary to Chinese tradition to
have likenesses of their semi-sacred
rulers made, and the Innovation caused
a sensation at the Chinese court. The
painting of the portrait was suggested
and the consent of the Empress ob
tained by Mrs. Conger, wife of ] th«
United States Minister to China, While
painting the portrait Miss Cart resided
in the palace, with apartments near
the Empress, who gave her daily sit
tings.
Following ia a Hat of the more •lportant
firms burned out: E. & S. .Currie; ties: PughB
ley, Dtnsm.in & Co., Toronto Soap Company,
loss $100,000, Insurance fSO.OOO; Olllespie, An
ley & Co., hatters; W. B. Brock Company,
dry goods, lo*a on stock f 600,000, lneuranc«
$540,000; Ttolph, Smith & Co., lithographers;
Brown Bro>., stationer*, loss (300,000, Insur
ance Gordon, Mackay & Co., dry
roods, lo?8 $550,000, insurance $400,000; At
klneon Bros., fancy roods; psckburn a Rea,
milliners; Dlngnum & Monrypepny, woolens,
loss $100,000, insurance $76,000; Do?gs ,-Medlr
cine Company; l^alght &. Westwood. notions.
Iocs $lC0,0On,' insurance $50,000; Ritchie &
Ramsay, paper; E. W. Gllmore A Broa., sil
verware; Canada Paint Company; Crown Ho-
M. Breerton & Mannlne; W. J. Gage Co.,
ptationere, loss $200,000 Insurance $130,000;
Copp-Clark Company, stationers, loss $200,000,
Insurance $175,000: Warwick Bros. & Rutter,
Iobs $200,000, insurance $160,000; Gale Manu
facturinr Company, white ware, loss $135,000,
insurance $100,000; Gutta Percha and Rubber
Company, lots $500,000, innurance $600,000;
Charlen Cockshut & Co.. woolens, los? $300,000,
insurance $250,000; Eckart Ca«ket Company,
loss $200,000, Insurance $100,000; Wyld. Dar
lington Company, dry goods, loss $500,000, ln
turance $400,000; Dominion Fence Company,
Iocs $125,000, insurance $75,000; Buntln, Reid
Company, etatlonere, loss $200,000 Insurance
$15<t,CHJ0: Cortlcelli Silk Company; Gault Bros.
&. Co., dry eoods.
TORONTO, Ontario, April 20.— The
total loss by the fire which destroyed
the wholesale -district of Toronto last
night will, according to the most con
servative estimate,^ . reach \ $12,000,000,
The total insurance is ?8,360,Q00. The
area swept .by -the fire embraced four
teen acres, and / 10,000 persons are
thrown Qut of employment. The work
of tearing down the dangerous walls
was begun, this afternoon. In the
whole burned district the only walls
that appear to stand intact are those
of the W. R. Brock & Co. ; building.'
The City Council this afternoon placed
all public buildings and, the exhibition
grounds at the disposal of the fire suf
ferers; amended the fire regulations to
allow the erection of temporary, struc
tures and appointed a committee to
wait on the Legislature arid secure, ah
act ordering all wires underground.*'.
At a meeting of the Legislature the
Premier a'nd the leader of the opposl-"
tion expressed sympathy with the fire
sufferers and it was decided to place
a sum of. money In the supplementary
estimates for the benefit of the. fire
men's fund. • It is probable that the
prorogation of the Legislature . fixed
for : Friday will be Indefinitely delayed
because of the fire., Th^'e burning of
the Warwick Bros. & Rutter building
delays the Government printing for
this year. . ¦
The total number, of buildings de
stroyed is 122,' the number of firms
affected 222. It wa« decided- by the
City Architect to-n!ght to begin to
morrow morning the, work of dyna
miting all the standing walls in the
ruined district. M 'The smoldering
ruins broke out into* fiames- of con
siderable size during/ the /'afternoon
and evening, but there is no danger of
a renewal of the conflagration.
Fire in Wholesale "District
Covers Many Acres and
10,000 People Idle
Dr. Brackett appeared at the Mayor's
office yesterday afternoon to present
hla defense, but the Mayor was not in,
Brackett confided to Secretary George.
Keane that he had a_ complete written
vindication from Mrs. Ames and he
promised to return later when the May
or would be in.
Unless Dr.. George, F. Brackett, chief
surgeon of the emergency hospitals, is
able to clear* himself of the charges
that he. had "demanded fees for work
performed in \ his? official ; capacity he
will be- removed from his position by
the Health Board.;
This statement was made yesterday
by "Mayor Schmitz, who further inti
mated that even if Brackett is able
to clear, himself- he w}ll , be given an
opportunity to resign. This course will
be taken for the betterment of the ser
vice, .as -the Mayor is -tiring of the
charges made against some of the at
taches Qf the Emergency Hospital staff.
These charges are likely to bring his
administration into disfavor.
; The charges against Brackett were
made by Mrs. Fannie Ames of 612 Stan
yan street, : who accuses Brackett of
trying to collect a fee from her for
work performed in his. official. capacity
in treating her husband, who was fa
tally injured in an "elevator accident.
M. Fleishhacker.-at whose place on Sut
ter, street Mr.i Ames was crushed, also
charged. Brackett with demanding and
receiving from him a fee of $5 and of
making an unsuccessful attempt subse
quently to collect an additional $100
from him (Fleishhacker).
PEKING, April 21.— The portrait of
the . Dowager I£mpre§s, which was
painted by Miss Kate Carl, an Ameri
can artist, and which is to be exhib
ited at the St. Louis Exposition, was
forwarded . t9-day. In dispatphing th»
portrait regal pomp was observed in
order to Impress the natives, Who re
gard Its departure as 'an omen that
the Dowager Empress will not live.tht
year out, ¦
from Willamette Valley points to San
Francisco. - .
Last fall the rate was raised to |5
pe^ton. The real reason for this is be
lieved to have been a scarcity of cars
and consequent inability to handle the
business offered from valley points, al
though it was semi-pfflclally stated that
competition by sea from Portland com
pelled the company to grant a lower
rate from this port.
Much activity w}ll mark the resump
tion of the old rate. In Lane County
alone the Booth-Kelly Company, which
a year ago v was employing 1000 men In
the running of four large mills, had cut
its product twQ'thirda. Thte company
announces that it will at once Increase
its output and put the old force at
work. Mills that are runping part time,
will be run full time, and other mills
will start .up as soon as logs can be
obtained. Logging crews have been or
dered to the woods at once.
PORTLAND, Or., April, 20.—An
nouncement has . been made by the
Southern Pacific of the restoration of
the old rate of $3 10 per ton on lumber
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Health Official Avers That
. He Can Vindicate Him
: self From Charges Made
TORONTO'S LOSS
IS $12,000,000
Kate CarPs'Famous Work of
Art Now En Route to
the St. Louis Exposition
Industries in Willamette
Valley Will Be Stimulated
l>y ' Action of Railroad
S Judge Dent of Grafton was named to
succeed himself on the Supreme Court
bench.
During a recess of the convention the
five district conventions met at differ
ent points in the city to name dele
gates and alternates. What are known
as the conservatives won in the First,
Second and Third districts and Wil
liam R, Hearst in the Fourth District.
The delegates from the Fifth District
are non-committal. • *
CHARLESTON, W. Va., April 20.—
The Democratic State Convention held
here to-day vras largely attended and
was marked by stormy scenes, in which
delegates passed the lie and threatened
one ancrther with personal violence.
Notwithstanding the expressions of bit
ter feeling, however, the convention
closed in apparent harmony . and aft
the delegates at large to the national
convention were chosen by acclama
tion and the platform was adopted
unanimously. ¦
While no instructions were given, it
Is known that all but the four dele
fates from the Fourth and Fifth Con
gressional districts favor Gorman for
President, with J Parker as second
choice. » * • :
PAINTING ••-.IS FINISHED
MAYOR SCHMITZ WEOTH
BUSINESS WILL REVIVE
Chinese Fear Dowager' Enir
press Has Sacrificed Life to
Please American Artist
Southern Pacific Announces
That Freight From Oregon
Points Will Be $3 10 a Ton
Cliief Emergency Surgeon
Likely, to Be Eetired f 01^
Betterment of the Service
AH But Four Delegates Named by .the State
Democratic Convention' Will Support
the Maryland Senator at St. Louis
GORMAN THE CHOICE
OF WEST VIRGINIANS
SEE ILL OMEN
IN A PORTRAIT
BRACKETT MAY
LOSE POSITION
LUMBER RATE
IS LOWERED
THE SAN. FRANGISGO;GAt.L:/; THURSDAY,; APRIIJ 21, 1904.
Our frame department is showing:, a
new line of frames. in Bilt,^rold'andArt
Nouveau.- Pest values. Sft'nborn,' Vail;&
Co., 741 Market street. ¦' ¦¦¦ . , •
• SAN PEDRO,- April ; 2 O.^-rChrJstian
Krlstofersen, ''. a native Jof Norway," em
ployed- as a sailor^on *the ibarkehtina
John: Cf';M?yeri; was'- instantly ."'.killed
this \ morning i by a Jier .[ of; lumber', Iall
ihfif'bn him : -'; ' : C',;- T • i : . *;v*V^
9
x POSTUM CEBEAI^
40,000 members of the Commercial Travellers Acci-
dent Association carry cards on "which are printed "Med-
ical and Surgical Helps" by the Surgeon-in-Chief of the
Association, paragraph 4 of which says:
"FOR VERTIGO OR DIZZINESS— Please re-
I member th&t Coffee otten produces it; therefore
when you have congestion of the head, skin is
yellow, or you feel heavy about the heart, stop
using Coffee."
¦, Insurance Companies now refuse policies for "Coffee-
heart" just as they do for. Consumption, Apoplexy or Mor-
phine habit. * • • j
"; Because, v/ith most people; Coffee weakens the Heart,
inflames the Spinal Cord, and arrests the digestion of food.
"Postum" Food Coffee, while correcting "Coffee-he art,'*
rebuilds Brain and Nerve tissue up to their normal con-
dition, causing them to feel as, good all day^s Coffee malfes
them feel for a few^ minutes in the day just aifter drink-
ing it. ~"
" Postu rri "is ma d e ' f r 6m th e outer coats of Wheat,
whieh are rich in Phosphate of Potash, the readiest Brain
and Nerve food that Nature has provided. „_
, These outer coats (being sifted from Flour in the
milling) cannot, in daily Bread, make : good the ravages of
Coffee.
But when, in Postum, they are boiled for 18 minutes,
the Phosphates are freely extracted from the W heat fibres,
just as soup is extracted from tough, meat or bone, ready
for prompt assimilation. . (;
V It is. easy to switch from Coffee, because "Postum"
has? the delicious flavor,- arid rich aroma, of fine old Gov-
ernment Java. ' <
. A ten days' trial shows wonderful results. y .
T^ w Vjw '^
w* nnn i vnttpp
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I W A TREMENDOUS 3
' \^i^^v * THK opexin: ° days of tub h
• i^i^l CLERKS' PHOriT-SHARIUQ SHOE H
k E?L§&H \ STOKE SHOW THAT OUR PLAN IS fl
B oMs^^ra^B"** MEETING WITH POPULAR FAVOR. H
I jrsn ° ur biq store I
S U&&& &£& 1 HAS BEEN CROWDED FROM MORN- 0
*¦¦ tVi^BL A ING UXTIL NIGHT. AND EVEN OUR Eg
U LARGE FORCE OF SALESMEN AND H
[| \al»^^^wS5 IMMENSE SEATING SPACE WERE R
H TAXIiD TO THEIR UTMOST. U
S NOLAN BROS.' 1
j] ENTIRE STOCK MUST BE CLOSED H
jj \^a^M^V'^i OUTi AND THE nlG CUTS WE HAVE h
B * MADE IN T THE FORMER PRICES ARE B
U v^^Kg^i convincing the public that H
h >^CT^^f WE ARE LOOKING FOR BUSINESS ¦ l|
U AND ARE WILLING TO GIVE GOOD W
ft VALUES T« GET IT. f!
1 REMEMBER I
| EVERY BHOE IN THE STORE IS U
p GREATLY REDUCED IN PRICE — . H
K EVEN JOHNSTON & MX T RPHY*S AND ' B
ti * LAIRD. SHOBER. & CO.'S HIGHEST H
G SEE OUR WINDOWS FOR PRICES. 1
B » ¦ * B
I Successors to NOLAN BROS. I
1 DHCI A NT PI Til niMfi 812-814 MARKET 8T. |
| FnfcL/VIN t>U I LUIlMiJ 9-11 O'FABRBLL ST. I
V XjlXv Jl e|
I YOUR ROUTE. I
V F you came West over a northern route, you §
J^ should return via a southern route. H
In like manner, if you made the trip to Cali- S
fornia over a southern route, the thing to do is H
to go East over a northern route. N
By doing this you will see just twice as f|
:' much as if you used the same line in both |
Look into this matter of return routes and U
you will find that the Rock Island System forms y
a part of the best northern as well as the best |
! southern trans- continental line. g
Northern Route is by way of Ogdec, Salt w
j Lake City, Colorado Springs and Denver. ||
Southern Route is via £1 Paso. |
I Through car service both ways. Particulars B
are given in our folders, at all Southern Pacific E£
ticket offices. . H
Bufn IRmImIH ° A " RUTHERFORD t K
Bjfr^ffiy&ffigjj District P»Kcnger Agr nt, Ej
flffiKV^S f fi 1 1 M»S fc2 3 Markft St., S»n Frinciwro, C»L R
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H $3.50 Folding Go-Carls, this week $1.95 ||
I $32.50 Go-Cart, like large cut. . ........ $23.45 8
I $8.00 Reed Buggy, rubber tired. $5.65
is Our complete line of Go-Carts and Baby Burgles, with a complete I
IP ranjre of prices, every one lellinc. th.i« week only, at from one-third H
[3 to ono-half iti regular valne. A Go-Cart, yon know, is a necessity. £J
EJ When yon take your baby out you must hare a Go-Cart or— carry hint. l . . Bj
II -The Credit House." 233-235-237 Post Street. H
n HHBflHfeBHtiflHBi^^^^^^^Hi^SBSlH8BSteS99lHHmBBBHBBlliThe fair racket wlelders of the Uni
versity "of California "carried off the
honors in the annual intercollegiate
tennis tournament yesterday with the
representatives of Stanford University.
Three matches were played, two in sin
gles and one in doubles, and all three
were won by California!
A strong, cold wind swept the Cali
fornia Club courts, making matters un
pleasant for both players and
tors.
Th» Stanford flayers made by far
their best showing in the doubles
match. They won the first set and
at 5-5 and 40-0, in the third looked to
have a good chance of getting a point.
They lost the eleventh and twelfth
games and the match. The contestants
were Miss Edwards and Miss Wickson,
for California, and Miss Ray and Miss
Pittman, for Stanford. Miss Ethel Rat-
cliff e, the college champion, did not
play for Berkeley in doubles. '
Tlie singles match between the num
ber one players was closer than the
score indicates. Miss Ratcliffe had the
match well in hand ' all the way and
outstroked her opponent. \ Miss Ray
did her best and at times won some
into a good player.
The matches resulted as .follows:
Miss Ratcliffe (California) beat Miss
Ray (Stanford), 6-2, 6-2; Miss Edwards
(California) beat Miss Owen (Stanford).
7-5, 6-2; Miss Edwards and Miss TVIck
son (California) beat Miss Ray and
Miss PIttman (Stanford), 4-6, 6-3, 7-5.
CLEVER REPRESENTATIVES ON THE TENNIS COURTS OF UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA AND OF STANFORD UNIVERSITY" WHO TOOK A PROMINENT
PART IN THE ANNUAL INTERCOLLEGIATE MATCHES YESTERDAY,
'-• MILES : CITT. • Mont., ¦¦ Aoril ', 20.— Amonff the
resolutions adopted by, the Montana Stockgrow
ett^yA/wociatlonV to-day ¦ waa . one calllnjr upon
Montana's \ Representatives : In i Congress -to aid
the ; movement- for.' in vestisration I of the "present
methods of the meat;truBt.,^;:'^>^.- *::,;
First . ¦ race-7-Tannhauscr, . 31urat,
Jean Gravler. J ;
Second race— Bill ' Short, • M. P A.
Powell, :Escobbsa. .•
. Thlitl racer-Isabellita," Optimo, Gold
Flndcr V; ; -.. '- ; '.'¦'. , '• . ' . ' .' ;'
Fourth race— Vlrgle d'Or, Ada , X,
Polonlus. .• ' .' ,
"^ 'Fifth race— Murelio, ?; Ultruda, Ha
i Sixth I race— Divina, : r : Forest King,
Ishtar/ : ¦' . ' / : . .''•¦• '¦ -' ; ¦¦.-'*•-•¦" ¦'/
PROBABLE .WINXERS.
PHILADELPHIA; April ' 20.^-Mar
vih Hart had the 'better,; of the six
round fight to-night < with^ Gus RuhlLn
at the' National Athletic Club.' Hart
was effective in every i round. ; . In ; : the
fourth ; round Haft sent Ruhlin; down
for " the I count, .'and ; at Uhe : end i of ;,. the
round "he had /him groggy, and ; al
most out." ' ' -¦ • ; "¦ *
Marvin Hart" Defeats Ruhlln.
MINING SUIT OX TRIAL— In the United
Btatea Circuit Coupt yeetprday before "» i U r>
the suit of Crene & Co. v*. the TellOTv Aster
liming and Mineral Company iras placed on
trial. The action wae tfought to recover a bal
ance or $10,000 allrredlto Ik du« on pumping
machinery furnished tkl company's mine near
Rasdeburg. Kern Countr.
Murat (Randall) ........ ......... .110
C590 Vlgroroso (Appleby) 107
G590 "Maraschino (Smith) 102
6530 Montoya (Schroeder) . . . ; 102
6518 Jim Roberts (Watklns);. 102
Second race — Four furlongs; two-year-olds:
selling: , .
CCG2 M. A. Powell (Jones) .107
6622 Lady Nlnora (Harris)..... .104
6U16 Mogregor (Blanchl) 113
6047 Kecobosa. (Stewart & Co.). 110
..... "Cherry Bird (Miller) 90
St. Jullen-Impeiial | Duchess.
.... *Rublana (Smith).: ....?....".... 99
• , ' Rublcon-Rebastlana.
6111 Tar Baby (Neal)... ........ .......... 104
6047 Gloomy Gus (Magrane) ..105
6647 BUI Short (Dobson)... 110
.... Iron King (Partlngton). 107
Herald- Amanda. . •
Third rate — One mile and seventy yards;
four-year-olds and up; selling:
6059 'Canejo (Kirk & Co.).. ........... ....103
6015 *Mordente Nichols).. 92
6G.10 Theodora L- (Smith)..; ;:. 97
6653 •Optimo" (Price) . .' '. ; .V. ....... 104
(CW4S)*lHabelllta (McNamara) . . .....;... »9
5474 flnvlctus (Gabriel).. ." : ... »9
er.84 JHenry Clay Rye (Cryslar) . : ..109
6593 Gold Finder (Lynch) .........103
6653 Pat Morrlssey (Wellman).. ',..;..... ..110
Fourth race^-One and a sixteenth miles;
four-year-olds and upward; selling: , -
6057 PolonlUB (Stewart & Co.). ... .... ...'. .110
0475 GliHsando (Romlgh)' .;..:....-. ..107
. C<>30 Montana Peeress (Coffey) ..........;; 100
6617 Mountebank (Keating &. Co.). ........ .107
004i» lliowaho (Stover) . . . : . .'. .;..•..",....:. llu
! 6C4S Vlrgie d' Or. (McDowell) .';..... ,.;t00 \
6W8 'Ada N; (Antrim Stable) ..10.) ,
6W8 Louwelsea (McCleary) .100
63(57 Outburst (McAIester) •:.............. .110
664S Ripper (Lane) .......:.... 102
Fifth race— Seven furlongs ; four-year-olds I
ami' upward ;"Bellinz: ' : -\ ¦ w
6630 'Ultruda (Kirk; & i Co.) .104
6591 r David ,8. (Stanfleld) i. ....:.'......,. . .112
6640 Brlssac (Markleln) ..'..............:. .103
6319 Dandle Belle (Winter) . . . . . ..107
6639 Marello (Quintan) - ;v. .'.::. . . . . . . . . . V. . 103
i 6G3G Hellas : (Creely) .v ..:............. . . . . 103
6649 Shell Mount' (Wellman) ...".;. ..V.112
552« Redwald , (Magrane) .............. . . . .103
0640 'Watkins Overton.(Knebelkamp) .....107
j 6G53 nollick . ( Jones) , ...... ....... . . . . .112
0463 Klckumbob (Walz '&.¦ Co.) .,.......:.. 103
6G62 Flaneur (Blanchl^& Co.) .....:.. ,.;.U2
Sixth races-One . mile;, three-year-olds and
upward: purse: ¦ ¦ • .
: 6642 Ishtar (Josephs) -..•..,..•.....:.......! ys
6K60 Soothsayer ' ( Wjlkerson) .:.*. ....:; ... .100
6656 Laocoon (Coffey) '. . . . ..¦.".'; ....... .'. . .100
663S Forest King ; (Jones) •'. . , . : . .-. . . ; ... .. .110
¦ 6624 Divina (El Prlmero Stable) *...... .'...101
¦' •Apnrentice allowance. '
tLos An Keles index 6578. ' ';' 1^''»^S
,'tLoa Angeles. index. v .¦¦¦¦¦.'-¦:* "¦''¦¦' > : ¦ t
The members of the San Francisco
Yacht Club are making preparations
for the formal opening of the season
at Sausalito on Saturday evening. The
affair will be a combined jinks and
banquet and the. members of the club
purpose making it the most elaborate
and most- unique ceremony in the his
tory of the organization- / .
Many of the best, known and clev
erest entertainers about the bay will
be seen and heard. One of the lead
ing numbers of the programme will
be selections by the " De Koven . Club
of Berkeley. "Billy" Hynes, the pop
ular singer and all arounfl humorist,
will render, several : of his most suc
cessful sonss - and skits. , ' Rollin C.
Ayres, another widely known enter
tainer, will also 1 appear in specialties.
Supper will be served at 11 p.- m.
and nothing has been leff undone to
make the feast a memorable one.
Commodious launches will be in read
inessibetween the hours of *12 and 1
to convey to this city all ; those < who
are riot able to remain at Sausalito
over night.
The opening cruise of the. season
under the auspices of the : club -will
take place on Sunday; on 'signal; from
Commodore W. G: Morrow's flagship
Challenger. ¦/ : ' • ' <v :
Elaborate Programme of Music and
Feasting Plnnned in Honor of
the Auspicious Occasion.
SAUSAL1TO YACHTSMEN
READY'TOR OPENING DAY
Claude Wins at Meniphls Track. j
! MEMPHIS, Tenn.. April 20.— Montgomery
! Park results: '
First race, six furlongs — Emma A M won,
I Topsoll second. Grand Mary third. Time, 1 :18.
Second race, six furlongs — Skillful won. Early
Boy second, Irene Lindsay third. Time, 1:17.
• Third race, four and a half furlongs — Walter
; Arnold " won. Torpedo ' second, Lucius ' third."
Time. :58. ,
. Fourth .race, Peabody Hotel handicap, one
; and an eighth miles — Claude won, Little Scout
1 second, Luralighter third. Time,' 1:67.
Fifth race, one mile — Spencerian won. Sanc
tum second. Maritana third. Time, 1:44%.
Sixth race. Mx furlongs^ — Falerian won. Clo
' verton second. Optional third: Time, 1:17.;/:;;
Aqueduct Race Results.
NEW YORK. April 20.— Aqueduct results:
First race, four and a naif furlongs— Pink
Garter won. Muse On second, Pygmalion third.
Time. . :54 3-5. • . 4 '¦>
Second race, six furlongs — Red Knight won.
All Gold second, Eugenia Burch third. Tim?.
1:14 2-5.
Third race, six furlongs — Burning Glass won,
Neither One second, Rob Roy third. Time.
1:14. .
Fourth race, seven furlongs. handicap-
Spring won. Joaquin second. Monon third.
Time. 1:27 2-5.
Filth race, seven furlongs, wiling— Phaon
won, Moronta second, Mary Work third. Time,
1:28 2-5.
Sixth race, fcur and a half furlongs — St. Bel
lane won Right Royal second. Amberjack
third. Time, :54.
Facts, an 8 to 1 chance, ridden by
McBride, captured the first event.. The
filly -had a chunk of weight off 'from
her previous race when she finished sec
ond to Harka, and was never headed.
Joe Jones took the place with Young
Favorites suffered severe reverses in
five out of six attempts, until Byroner
dale finally scored brackets. Facts,
Riesca- and Rio Shannon were the long
est priced winners. * ,
Joe Jones, who rode the .latter horse
in place of Fitzpatrick, seemed to know
how to handle, the Vivell entry better
than young Fitz. He had him in front
before the half mile pole was reached
and finished out with plenty In re
serve. There was no pace to speak of,
for Lewis had Horton right up on the
firing line all the time, disposing of
Criss Cross by nearly. a length for the
place. Gateway, the favorite, could
probably have won with a more-ex
perienced rider ; up, Sherwood showing
to poor advantage. , "
FIVE FAVORITES BEATEN.
Horton looked out of place In the
mile handicap at Oakland yesterday
with the colors of Charley McCafferty
up; but he ran a. clever race at that,
even if beaten quite easily by Veterano,
the second choice.
First race — Six furlongs;' three-year-olds 'and
up; selling: : ...
6500 Chileno CBlaslngame) 107
6788 Kermit (Long) .*. . ... . :1O2
6815 Tannhauser (Hayes)..............".... 00
6645.Potentla (Devln).. ..............105
6627 Bassenzo'(Walz & Co.) ....:.... .102
<!G4S Vasallo (Piedmont I Stable) .-.:;... . . ... 1 07
«S>ao JT«um Qra.vl»r <Beekj»rt _'....».».. ~';.;107
"Lamasney Bros, shipped their stable
of horses' to Worth last evening. Among
the string were Rene, Silurian, Albula,
Ink, Reeves, Allopath, Last Knight and
Kentish Shrew.: *.
• D. Cameron will ship HageVdon,
Prince • Brutus and : several others - to
Worth track next week.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
"Big Bill" Knapp rode in excellent
form during the afternoon; finishing
first on Riesca, Rio Shannon and By
ronerdale. , '
Twenty bookmaking firms cut in, a
falling off of two. . '
Saturday will be Fabiola day at Oak
land track. ' ¦-.•
RIO SIfAXXOX SCORES]
Old Rio Shannon surprised everybody
by capturing the mile and a quarter
selling affair at odds of 12 to 1. At the
first turn the outsider met with some
interference, but Knapp gave him no
time to loaf and, l&cklng horns with
Mr. Dingle in the stretch, led the latter
out with considerable to spare. Canejo,
the post favorite, which was also badly
bumped at the clubhouse turn, losing
much ground, ran a fair third. Idogo
quit after leading for nearly a mile.
According to common rumor Su
burban Queen had regained her best
Eastern form and the mare went to
the' post favorite over Oscar Tolle for
the fifth, a Futurity sprint. Jed Lewis
got her away sailing, but she tired
badly as the wire was approached and
Holbrook landed Oscar Tolle an easy
winner. Dr. Sherman, a 25 to' 1 shot,
disposed of Kylo II for third place.
Knapp rode his third winner in the
concluding mile selling run. "Big
Bill" piloted the( 7 to 5 favorite. Byron
erdale, and, keeping his mount in front
from start to finish, won: ridden, out
a length before Oro Viva. Golden
Light was third.*
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Morello. The Lieutenant, the mild 4
to 1 favorite, ran third. Algaretta, the
second choice, displayed a flash of early
speed, then ended ( up in last position.
Held at the short price of 2 • to R,
Whoa Bill finished second to Riesca in
the five and a half furlong sprint fol
lowing. Willie See had the leg up on
the first choice and early during the
running made no effort to shake off his
company. In the stretch, when See
finally did make a move, Riesca, with
Knapp up, passed him on the outside,
winning at will. Dr. Roweil took the
show. Darksome, a hot tip, showed no
speed whatever.
CHICAGO. April 20.— Herewith it
made public for the first time the list
of entries to the great American Derby
to be run at Washington Park June
38. Appended to these are the prices
quoted by James O'Leary, the big
stock yards bookmaker. How this list
was obtained only O'Leary can tell,
and he "They came to me by
mail and I immediately put my handl
cappers at work on them, the result
being the prices you see. For all I
know they may have been sent me by
the officials of the Washington Park
Club. At any rate here they are":
Acreshlre. $300; Andrf>e. $2f»0; At will $200
2? r if* 101 "*' $23: Bo 1 *****. $300; Buccaneer.
£?«; B ran=a«. *?<>; Bill Curti*. $20; Burleigh.
*100; Blackwolf. $1500: Bright Arch. $2»0;
Eatts. $W>; Bombardier. JTK); Brand Xew. J20O-
Blue Dmrter, $200; Conjurer. J10; Clirton Forge.
J10O; Cognomen, *100: Commcxiore, $C0- Con
clave, $300; Captain Foreee, $75; Copperfleld
J40; CToverton. $100; Copper. $200: Comrade!
$..<: Den Leath. $100; I)»*imonico *10o- l>ivin
fcUon. $75; Dorlcoun. IKJOO; Day. $200; Dolly
Spanker. $30; Don John. $*0; English Lad
ft>; Exclamation, $.V>; Clwood. $G0- Ed Tler
*iey. $40; FaJernUn. tit,; Felipe Lugo. $100;
Formatter. *4O: Gather Tallent. ?6O- Fort
hnnter. $100; Floral King. 5?T5: Fort l'lain
WOO: Foresight. $T5; Fl» Bob. $20; Flower
King. $25; Frenade, $30; Gett)-sburg $60-
Hello, $30; Harfang, $l(Xt; Ilazelwood' $TK);
HlghbaU, $12;. Ing»-nerator, $.'J0O; Judge $C0-
Jccund, $2?; Japan, $.'»<); Jason. $75; 'j'rry
I^itch. $100; King froker. $100i Lonadale
»B0; Lewndale. $500; Lumpf, $300; Merry Pio
>»e*r. $160; Mendon. $40; MarqulR de Carobaj"
«60; Mlllsbrook. $300; Major Pelham $40"
Hohartb. $25; Molinos. $O; Montebank. {00-
Mayor David S. Rose. $100; Montiipsson $Z»-
Ort Wells. $20; Ocean Tide. $00: Otrich $W :
Peter Paul. $40; Proceeds. $15; Precious Stone'
$*0: Playball. $500; PuIsub. $25; Peter j"
Komers. S200; Palrnbearer. $."U); Phil $:wo-
Proofread<T. $70; Prince Silvern-Ings. $4O :
Rian, $100; Roaeben. 1130; Uudabek. $15o-
Jiapid Water, $M; Hatnland. $.Vt; liobin Hool
$60; Ite<julter, $60: Reveille. *100; Kpmors".
tul, $20(); Samurai. Sawtome. $40- Safe
ty Llsht. fio; silk Maid. $100; fctr Leonard
$400; Sweet Gretchen, $70; stalwart, $20- St.
Valentine, $50: Trapsetter. $400; Tokolon »10O :
The Black Eagle. $300; Van Esher, $15o'-
\ r c*tina Belle, $100; WlUtam Wright $60*
"Wenrick. $100; Woodson. !|T5: Weatherace'
S200; Warwhoop, $400; -Whrte Plume $100-
Woodeperry. $200; WoodljT. ?500.
English Lad Is Favorite
in the Winter Book for
Chicago's Classic Bace
OAKUUTO RACETBACK— WEDNESDAY., April 20. Weather cloudy. Track heavy.
C<KS7. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling-; 3-year-olds and up; valua to first, $325.
Index HorBe and Owner. j Iwt St. %. %. ft.'Btr. Fin. Jockey. [ Op. Cl.
CC09 Facts, 8 CO. R. Williams) 84 1 ... 11 1 1%1 2 1 2 McBride. ... 7 «
6C10 Tng Morello a (W. Scharetg) 114 6 ... 6n 42 42 2h J. Jones £ 12
6e27 The Lieutenant. 3 (Stover) ... 101 8 ... 8b 94 21 3 1% Knapp 4 4
(C611) Cotatl. 3 (W. Napier) 99 7 ... 4 1}42 n fin 4n J. Lewis..*. 10 16
6C36 PolonlUA 4 -(Stewart & Co.). HI 3 ... 9 2 7 h 6 n 5 2% See » ° 9
6578 Box EldVr 3 (J. J. Moran).. 101 4 ... 3 "4 3 1>43 1%6 2 J. T. Shehn « 12
6035 Walter. « (F. N. Hayes) . . . . 121 6 ... 65 5n 71 73 W. Dugan.. 6 15
6874 Tarrisan 4 (D. McCarthy)... 108 8 ... 7>}8«»J-»« McIIannon 30 16
. . . . Bulgarian, a CD. Anthony)... Ill 10 ... 11 11 11 9 2 F. Kelly 20 10
6378 Pruewood 6 (S. Polk) 10*11 ... 10 4 10 3 10*410 4 Sherwood .. 10 IK
6C29 Algareta. 'a. (Morehouse) 110 2 ... 2 h 6 2 9 2 11 P. Phillips. 4 9-2
Time— :24%. :49»i, 1:14*4- At post U minute. Oft at 2:14U. Facts, place. 5-2; show, 7-5.
Morello place 8; show 5-2. Lieutenant, show. 1. Winner, br. f. by El Rio Rey-Mlss
Truth. Trained by J E Hoppas. Scratched — Gottleiben. Start bad. Won- easily. Bal
ance driving. Winner beat her field away and won without effort. Young Morello not
the horse he was. -. The Lieutenant, away none too well, closed strong. Too short lor
Polonlus. 'Waiter won't' do. _ jiult^early.
C6S8. SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; purse: 3-year-olds; value to first, $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. |Wt St. U- M' %• Str. Fin. Jockey °f"_Ell
6629 Riesca, (T. McLaughlln) 105 2 ... 524481 1 1*4 Knapp. 5 6
6644 Whoa. Bill (M. Epplnger) . . . . 109 4 ... In 2«!1 21 See .<. 1-2 2-6
C644 Dr. Roweil (Blasingame Bros.) 110 6 .... 6 6 10 5 n 3 n F. Kelly.... 8 12
«52S9) tL»dy U»k (Smith & Lar.).. 105 5 ... 8 3 8 Itf4 5 . 41H W. Dugan.. 15 50
M.62 A. B Cook (Stanfleld & E.). 110 3 .... 2 h 1 % 1 n 5 10 J. Jones 12 14
4580 Darksome (J. Touhey) 103 7 ... 7 1H7 10 7 6 6 4 Sobell ..... 20 20
•5149 Maude Browne (J. Davis)... 110 1 ... 4n6n6n76 . P. Phillips. 50: 150
Blue Eyes (P. Sheridan) 101 9 ... 8 9 9 8 8 Holbrook .. CO 150
.... Chablls (Hamilton Stable).... 101 8 ... 85 82 8 1 9 J. T. Shehn 50 150
Time— :24% :49\. l:10U. At port 2 minute*. Off at 2:42. Riesca, place, 4-G; show, 2-5.
Bill plaoe 1-6; ehow oot Roweil. show, 6-5. Winner, b. f. by Rlnfax- Surinam.
Trained by T E. McLaughlln. Start good. Won going away. Next three driving,
ir See had not waited and dubbed along: with the favorite he might have won. Knapp
on winner picked the best going In the stretch. Dn Roweil ran a swell race under mod
erate handling and will win soon. A. B. Cook In need of a race. Darksome had worked
well. JLo* Angeles Index 6529. *Los Angeles Index C54S.
C059. THIRD RACE — One and a quarter miles; selling: 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. U. ¥,. %. Str. Fin. j Jockey. Op. Cl.
Ce=3~ Rio Shannon, a (Mrs. . Coff ey) . 100 6 4h 3 1%3 5 8 1%1 2^ Knapp 12 12
6630 Mr Dingle. 4 (E. Tierney)... 103 2 0 2 2 1%2 h In 2 1% J. Jones.... 2 8
66M iCanejo a HCirk & Co.) 100 5 3h53 44 44 3% Herbert ... 3 13-5
C654 ildoffo 6 (C. McCafferty) 8<5 4 1nl2 1n2n46 Sherwood .. 6 7
66TS Prestolue 4 (F. Dertn) 101 3 6 4 n 6 4 5 6 6 8 W. Dugan.. 12 7
6643 iMerwan. 4 (J. Guthrle) .'...... 8912%6 6 6 6 McBride ... 4 6
Tlm« -25H :51',4 1:18 l'ASM. 2:12' / 4. At po«t ',4 mlnnte. Off at 3:03. Shannon, place,
4- show* 8-5. Dingle, place. 11-10; show, 1-2. Canejo. show. 2-5. Winner, b. h. by El
Rio Rey-Bessie Shannon. Trained by J. Coffey. Start good. Won easily. Next two
driving. Rio Shannon outstayed Mr. Dingle. Canejo was nearly. put over fence at first
turn byMerwan or she might have won. Idogo quit.
60C0. FOURTH RACE — One mile; handicap; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $500.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. li- Vi- *i. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6642~ Veterano 4 (W. C. Vlvell) «» 6 4 1 In 1 n 1 1%1 2V4 J. Jones.... 3 9-2
(C«X» Horton. a (C. McCafferty) . . . . 102 2 8 J4 3 2 3 2 2 n 2 »; J Lewis... 10 8
(C641) Crtss Cross. 5 (F. N. Hayes). 103 4 1 H 2 h 2 2 3 1 3 n W. Dugan.. 10 S
CC25 JGateway, 3 (T. Lottridge) 99 36 6 6 5341. Sherwood .. 8 11-5
C624 !G W Trahern. B (Summers). f» 1 2h 4n 4! 4P5 J. T. Shehn 6 8
C396 ; Soothsayer. 4 (Wllkerson) . . . ¦ j 96 6 5 1^5 2 5n 6 6 Knapp 3 10-5
Time— -26 -51 1:18. 1:44. At post \Vi minutes. Off at 8:31. Veterano. place. S-5; show.
7-10 ' Horton place 7-2: show, 7-6. Cross, show. 6-5. Winner, b, h. by Rey El Santa
Anita-Orange Leaf. 'Trained by W. C. Vlvell. Start good. Won easily. Next three
driving hard. Veterano b*st. Lewis made too much early use of Horton and lost some
ground by bflne cut off on back stretch. Dugan on- Criss Cross had waiting orders, but
did not follow them. Gateway could have won with any sort of a ride. Soothsayer
could not ycare «P a gallop. _,-„„_,„,.,„.,.,. «^^^^
OOtil. FIFTn RACE — Futurity course; Felling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. K. H. *j. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
(664«) Oscar Tolle 6 (Klunder & B.)|ll4 9 ... 7 2 4 4 3 XI, 1 1U Holbrook .. 3 16-3
(6C45) Suburban Queen. 4 (Winter).. 100 1 ....H 18 1 2&2 8 J. Lewi*... 4 6-2
C4C0 fDr Jhennan 6 (M L. Wnite)!lll 11 ... 9h 5n 5n 3 214 Fro wen ... 15 25
• 'KyJo II 3 narflson) I 06 6 ... 81 92 8h 4n Herbert ... SO 50
6140 j Dotterel, 4 <W. H. Lynch). ..1101 7 ... 6n6h92 5H Sherwood .. 10 15
t5301 'Homaxre 0 (Stephenson) }10J»il2 ...12 12 10 3 6 h Fltzpatrlck 30 60
G244 iFlver 4 (T H.Ryan) (108 10 ... 11 1 10 1^7 h 7 3 Vickery ... 6 10
4l£ The Buffoon, a (McDowell)... 112 6 ... 4 H 8 1 6 1 8 2 Haack 30 30
66.% Brennus. 4 (Judce & Co.)....123 8 ... «j;,2n 2h 9« J. Jones.... 6 7
Salto 3 (D. S. Fountain) 101 4 ... 3 h 3 1 4 h 10 6 WV Dugan.. 10 . - 10
•»t5 JEfferiescence. 5 <Coffey) 1« 3 ... 2 n 7 1 12 11 2 Knapp .... 6 10
X»zi JDHturber. a (Chappell) HI 10 2 111113 12 See-.. 15 25
Time— -25 "50U l-.lS'i At post 1 minute. Off at 3:58. Tolle, place. 6-5; show, 3-5. Queen,
place ' U-10-' ehow. 11-20. Sherman, show, 4. Winner, ch. h. by Amlgo-Seven Up.
Trained by T. Burn*. Start poor. Won easily. Balance driving. Oscar Tolle came from
behind gamely and was well ridden. Suburban Queen was rushed away as If -for a
ouarter-mile iprint Dr. Sherman ran a good race, coming from far back. Kylo II did
Xair'.y well Homage will do later. Brennus quit. 'Los Angeles index (6536). tLos
:^^^^___ ) _^^^^^^^ w - t .'-v^_o_r.!
WHi2. SIXTH RACE — One mile; selling; 4-year-olda and up; value to first, $325.
Index I ¦ Horse and Owner. . |Wt St. }*. *j. %. Str." Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
C643~ Byronerdale 4 (J. M. Crane). 10S 1 1^1 2H1 2H1 1H1 1 Knapp .... 3-2 7-5
MM oS'vtva* 4"<D. 3. Fountain).. 107 8 4 % 4 1H2 H 2 3 2 3 W. Dugan.. 2 11-5
CGSO GolOen Light. 6 (McCafferty). 105 3 3 % 3 h 4 % 3 tf 8 2% Herbert ... 6 8
5^ : Flaneur C (Bianchl & McG.). 112 4 5 6 6 4 14 4 1 See 4 11-2
ft654 iMo^orito. a «J. Ryan) 1O6| 2 2 2 2 2 3 2%5 5 Holbrook .. 10 20
Time— -26 :51>4 1:18. 1:43>4. At post 2 minutes. Off at 4:25'.4. Byronerdale place".
3-5- show. out. Viva, nlace. 11-20: ehow. cut. Light, show. 4-5. Winner, b. g by
Jim Gore- Briganza. Trained by J. Dixon. Scratched— First Chip. Start good for all
but Oro Viva. Won in a drive of three. . Byronerdale away well and given a hustling
ride Oro Viva pot away poorly or he might have beaten the winner. Golden Li-ht
Jlid Veil under moderate handling. Flaneur ran- a poor race. Mocorito gave It up
«-arly. '_ '.'- ¦;¦: : .
STANDING OF THE CLUBS,
" W. L. Pct.l W. L. Pet.
Tacoma ....18 7 .682 Seattle . 10 11 .476
Oakland ...14 0 .C09 San Fran. ..11 13 .458
I.. Angeles. .14 10 .OSSiPortfand ... 4 18 .182
The sun was'ready to' take a vacation
for the* day "and Recreation Park was
about to be wrapped in the shadows of
night when lo, Mr. "Truck" Egan
swung ' through , with a mighty two
base clout As Mr. Kruger gave chase
to the , sphere, Mr. Casey hied himself
to the home. plate. On arid on he came
till he finally landed. . It was the only
run of the game and; Mike Fisher was
safely intrenched at the top of the pro
cession. Score J Oakland 0; Tacoma 1.
When "Truck'' batted out. that f a-r
mous "drive of his two were out and it
was Tacoma's last chance with the bat.
Casey had singled out to center field
and Sheehani had sacrificed.- Nordyke
could not make good with a bingle, so
the responsibility rested with "Truck,"
and . he/ transformed himself from an
ordinary ball player into a hero.
The score:
Oakland— I, Tacoma^-
A.B. R. H. P.A. A.B. R. H. P.A.
Oanl'y.rf 4 0 0 2 «Casey,2b 4 1 1.15
Frnks,ss 4 0 10 6-Shehn,.lb 3 0 1 0 3
Krugr.lf. 4 0 14 OJNordy.lb 4 0 0 15 0
Clancy.cf 3 0 0 0 OEag'n.ts 4. 0 10 6
Schfly.2b 4 0 1 5 l|Lynch,cf 4 0 0 10
Streib, lb 4 0 1 10 0 McL/n.lf 3 0 0 2 0
Devrx,3b 3 0 0 1 2 Hann.rf . 2 O 1 2 0
Bottlpr.c 2 0 0 6 OGrah'm.o 2 0 16 0
Buch'n,p 3 0 0 C 3 Keefe, p. 3 0 0 0 1
Totals 31 0 4 27 11 Totals 29 1 5 27 15
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma ...0 0 0 0 0 0 00 1— 1
Base hits 0,0 00 O 1 1 1 2 — 5
Oakland ........ 0 i> 0 O 0 O 0 0 0 — 0
Base hits. 1 0:0 00 0.2 0 1 — 4
SUMMARY.
Stolen base— Streib. Error— Sheehan. Two
base hits— Francks, feheehan, Basan. Sacrifice
hits — Graham. Clancy. Sheehan. First base on
errors— Oakland 1. . First base on called balls-
Oft Keefe 1, off Buchanan 1. Left on bases —
Oakland 4, Tacoma 3. Struck out — By Keefe 0.
by Buchanan 4. Time of same — One hour and
thlrty-flve minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
FOUIt ERRORS FOR RAYMOND.
. LOS ANGELES, April 20.—Short
stop Raymond's errors lost the game
for the champions and probably^ saved
San Francisco from a shutout. Three
hits, widely scattered, were all the
visitors could make oft Hall. AH their
runs were scored on bad fielding and
poor" throwing, principally by Ray
mond. Miller, at short" for the visi
tors, played 7a' star game." Attendance
1200. Score:
L«s Anceles — » San Francisco —
AB.R. H. P.A, AB.R. H. P.A.
Benrd, cf.5 0 2 2 0 Wldrn. ct.5 0 0 2 0
Flood, 2b.5 0 15 2 Hlbnd. lf.3 1 0 a . 0
Smith, 3b. 4 O 0 0 4 Meany, rf.4 11 10
Crvth. rf.4 0 0 4 0 Irwln, 3b. 4 1 111
Ross. If. ..4 0 0 6 OMasy. lb.3* O 0 12 0
Chase, lb.4 0 17 0 Leahy, c.4 0 0 2 0
Raynd, s.4 0 2 1 .4 Andn, 2b.4 0 0 3 2
Spies, C...3 1 0'2 0 Miller, s.. 3 1 0 3 7
Hall, p.. .8 11 0 0 Knell, p. .3 110 4
•Wheler ..1 0100 k — — ¦
Totals. S3 5 3 27 14
Totals. 37 2 8 27 10
•Wheeler batted lor Hall In the ninth Inning;.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0' 0 — 2
Base hits 0 12 10 12 0 1 — S
San Francisco 0 1 2 0 0 0 0 2 0—5
Base hits 0.0 1 0 0 1 0.1 0—3
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Bernard, Flood. Errors — Ray
mond 4, Irwln 2, Anderson, Flood, Knell,
Chase. Two-base hits — Chase, Knell, Halt and
Irwln. Sacrifice hit — Massey. First base on
errors — Log Anjj<-lef» 3, San Francisco 4' L*ft
on bases — L«os Angeles •»,-¦ San Francisco 3.
Base on balls— Off Hall 2, oft Knell I. Struck
out — By Knell 2. Double plays— Smith to
Flood to Chase; Miller unassisted. Hit by
pitcher — Knelt. Time of came — 1 hour and -*5
minutes. Umpire — Huston. '
Portland-Senttle Game Postponed.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 20. — The
Portland-Seattle baseball game sched
uled for to-day was postponed on ac
count of wet grounds.
King Edward Views a Great Race.
LONDON, April 20. — The city and
suburban handicap of $10,000 at Ep
som to-day was won by Robert Le
Diable. Dean Swift was second and
Cerisier third. Kiner Edward was
present. - Twenty-one horses went to
the post.
DERBY ENTRIES
MADE PUBLIC
The bettors apparently think Jack
Johnson, the colored boxer, has the
Indian sign on Sam McVey. the twen
ty-year-old Oxnard Hercules. Johnson
has been made a 6 to 10 choice in the
betting: on their third engagement,
Yihich will take place to-morrow night
In Mechanics* Pavilion under the aus
pices of the recently organized Shasta
Club.
These boxer* met twice last year and
Bohnson gained the decision each time
on points. It has always been a case
cf a marvelous boxer against a man
with great strenrth and considerable
cleverness.
McVey was measured by Dr. Ttllman
yesterday. - He is most deceptive in
appearance, one's first impression being
that he is on the small order. The
tape shows him to be six feet in height
»nd all his measurements are in pro*
portion to this. They are:
Welcfct. SOS pounds: height, e {«et; neck, 18
Snchee; chest. 41 Inches normal, 44H Inches
•xpanded: reach. 77 inches; biceps, 16 inches;
forearm, IS Inches; wrist. T'i Inches; fist, 14*6
Inches; waist, 84 inches: hips, 41 ij inches :
thlrh. 25 inches; calf, J«H Inches; ankle, 10
luchef.
With all his sise he is quick as a cat
tn his feet and moves about in a lithe,
¦jraceful way.
Both McVey and Johnson feel that if
either wins decisively to-morrow night
there is a chance of Jeffries wiping out
the color line and fighting the success
ful man. "With this as an Incentive
the colored giants are expected to put
up a fast pace.
Each Wants to Be in a Posi
tion to Force "Jim" Jeffries
to Fight Him This Year
Both Keefe and Buchanan
Bewilder Batsmen, Show
ing Speed and Control
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
BOTH HAVE ASPIRATION
PITCHERS IN RAKE FORM
"Make Him a Six to Ten Choice
Over Sam McVey, the
Herculean Oxnard Boxer
"Truck" Brings in Lone Run
of Great Game With a Good
Double in the Last Bound
Five First Choices at Oakland Meet With De
feat — W. Knapp Pilots Three Winners.
Whoa Bill, at Scant Odds, Runs Second
BETTORS FANCY
JACK JOHNSON
VETERANO DOWNS HORTON
FOR THE MILE HANDICAP
EGAN'S DRIVE
DECIDES ISSUE
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA CO-EDS
ARE VICTORIOUS AT TENNIS PLAY
Defeat the Fair Representatives, of Stanford University in the
Annual Intercollegiate Tournament on the Courts in This City.
Experts Representing the Blue and Gold Take All Three Matches
clever aces. She -was not bo steady i
as her opponent- and was almost con
stantly on the. defensive. Her chief
fault was In playing too close to the
net. She played a good net game, but
Miss Ratcliffe is an -excellent lobber
and time and again drew her opponent
up to the net and then lobbed out of
her reach.
The second singles match was- a bpt
ter one to look at than the first. Both
Miss Edwards of California and Misa
Owen of Stanford played a strokier
game than Miss Ratcliffe and Miss
Ray. It was not so much a case of
getting the ball back until. one or the
other erred. Both hit the ball hard in
all parts of the court. Miss Edwards,
the State champion, was hardly at her
best, but proved too' much, for her less
experienced opponent. Miss Owen has
an excellent style and s*hould develop
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA CO-EDS ARE VICTORIOUS AT TENNIS
¦ . ¦ ¦• ' U: ' '• ' ' '
THE SAN:FRANCISGO: GALU; THURSDAY, APRTIJ 21,
10
ADyEBTgEMENTa^_ 'yy;^
JOIHTSAHDMUSCLESSWOLtEH AHD STIFF Jjr^V
A disease so painful and far-reaching in its effects fpSSlLj }jf
upon the human system as Rheumatism, must have a deep «-^^&». f
and well-Uid foundation. ' It originates and develops in l^B^^ /
the blood, and, like other diseases of the blood is fre-
quently inherited. The poisonous acids with which the
blood is charged circulate through the system breaking V&BSslSiSr'WM
down the health, irritating -*wmma&Fw
the nerves, settling in joints • ihad^«««;« _^. c ? ln i a i ?»".O M May30,i903.
and muscles. andclusing the t^wW^^af^rS^SSra;
sharp, cutting pains peculiar SS^S^k 1 * n 2 goo^ t They changed mod"
to R Seumatism P Unless the 3£^%ff& m 1^ i ?G^ &&£££
blood is puHfied, joints and SibSw^oiSSfw. 1 « e UM Cf n S ' S> 8 ' knee and
muscles become coated with 1^Ai&i'
the acrid matter and are ren- ziSSVSf* whea J. b «r»n b.*i b. s.. but as isaw it
dered stiff and sore, and the h m l a p^ me ' contlM^.«dto-<iay.m..oand,
nen*es completely wrecked. 1355 Mt. Vernon Are. R. H^ chapman.
Rheumatism, being a constitutional blood disease, requires internal treat-
mcnL Liniments, plasters aid such things as are applied outwardly give
j^St s~*** onl >* temporan' relief. S.S.$. is the recognized great-
rQN f C^* iC^ cst of a11 blood Purifiers and tonics, and in no disease
JVV N^* f does {t act prompUy.and beneficially as Rheuma-
t-. te* m 'J £>~J tism • neutralizing the acids and restoring the blood
'-^"^ to a pure, healthy condition and invigorating and
tomng up the nerves and all, parts of the system. It is guaranteed strictly
vegetable. Write us should you desire medical advice, which will' cost you
icthin* IWESmFTSPECinGCO., ATLANTA, GA.
AT>17-F,"B.TTH"P."NTT!T(rra- —
[MEN, IT'S FREE!
• / iCsSJV * book Just completed, which will
• • ,/. Mr£r*smC. Inspire any man to be bl«er.
O •fiSTV A&>Wvv^*4. stronger, younffsr (If ha Is old).
<j) /S^f^CKaSrt^C-fel and more manly than he ever felt.
A . I >£Hfc&R*?igZ&»?Js?EH 1 am a builder of man. . :
O 'f-$r { W^ia* |fl^^i5 ! 2y I can take an y weak, puny man and.
g W ig£2* lfS*L mak» him feel like a Saadow. Of course
a _/v55fl J can>t make a Hercules of a man -who
» was never intended ' by nature tr» b*
S >^E5: st rons andhus!:v. I don't mean that.
2 V^ =31 But I can take a man who started
• I )-j V^^g" r^S with' affair constitution and >. before it
• t v<ip^KF''^ s <L •*. *ot fully ; developed .ber»n teartnf;- it
• A Vt<^^. ¦ >vl down. .That fellow Is weak nerved, slow.
P ¦ . , : V TK£S *> '¦': ¦¦¦ r ,tl •" poky." lacklnp in vim, ambition and self-
O " \ V-"^" - ' si confidence. I can make a man of him
A . . iW" - ' V.«"' w inthree months, so that hia own friends,
Q [i ¦¦¦''#fifeJ i -* i »^»- ¦ vl won't?know,hlm. .. ¦.". > * '
a /^^S T • *i- • B^'ery man who is weak and "coins
2 Ji^aW i • I back" knows that th-re ought to b»
2 il&^a I I aomethinc which will restore that old
#,V": - /|-* vl k ' * .*| "steam", to his phjrslcal body. , He has
• ' " 'r*f-'^l WllfR' '-¦' " 'r »•' tried 1 th«j usual dru's. method and found
Sf 5 §©3/^ \Sl that 'a fizzle, and yet he knows there
¦. ¦ '.i 's '&-^®b x - v^Sl •• vmust be 'something:.
• ' ''' M K k'W'-'\^ ' f - I" know. it. ~ too. and Tve-eot.lt. .It's
• '" ' » § "''»K«i '§lsJ J - v Electricity. . You can't- name anything
2 B'W^'nS^- ¦ "^a more likely to have that ' force which a
S JT »-^ r^JV ;.\Ja , .wealc man lacks. 1 It's a natural power.
% Y* % -KV^ v& 5*1 sl ; can pump it into a weak man while he
2 /I '-^ V >»¦ >\1 nl«PS andmake him'.feel like a Sandow
9f.l/ }& -' V V ' A«fl ' in no time." -It's the spice of. life.
O. *T I' n^.' »vVi ¦-- SoBet'the book, if you want to be
O ' ,__„,„ - , ,,' . - stronger. Send, this ad." and I'll seal it
• wffi™ mtLi \. to you without marks.- . Come ' and >' see me. ? if possible.
• Tve cured ¦ a '.° r - w - r * te> * ? ll sl - Ve y° u , the names^ of people =you know that
I Dr. M.C. McLaughlin^o^ari^st.
S . , . .; Offl 5 a ,J tto V li:: - 8 *¦ "*•'*» • P.*m.» Sundays, 10 to X. -TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
"Next session will 'begin June 6th. i Catalogues
by applying - to Dr. E. J. Creely, C10 Q. Q. ave.*
i San Francisco Veterinary, College.
Ice bark Bt. Katherine return* to HHo and
.SI i i ppi ns 3Icrchnnts.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCELW.
WAITER HAS DISAPPEARED.— Mrs. Hen
ry. T. .Walker, ¦ 606 \ Ifeavenworth : street, yester
day reported to the police the disappearance of
her husband, who left home .April 8. -', He. was
tt.walter.'BO y-ar« of age, ft feet;7 Inches- tall,
of Bllm build, with light complexion ¦ and hair.
Branch Hydrographic * Office, U. S. '< N., Mer
chants' ¦ Exchange... San Francisco..: Cal.,
. April 20, ,1904. .-. .. ,, .
•' An accident. to the Time Ball mfchanlf.m has
necessitated a temporary discontinuation of the
service. Further., notice > will be given when
It la put Jn order. . , -••>• J,.C. iBURNBTT. .-;. .
Lieutenant. . U.' .S..- N., • in .; charge.
Time Ball.
The trial of William AiAdkins, a
colored 'man, r charged with murder,
was commenced beforej a; jury ; in
Judge Cook's : court yesterday after
noon. ; Adklns is • of shooting
and killing ; Muldoon - McDonald, the
colored " pugilist, I December" 2 5, at
Washington and; Easystreets.'" U;
McDonald's Slayer on Trial.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at For Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of
• the Superintendent. -
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places. ¦>
THURSDAY. APRIL 21.
Sun rises 5 : 26
Sun sets •..'•..•:.*...:.......; .. ..«:B0
Moon sets ;.?...';: .0:00 a. in."
O Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. ! Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
a H W] ••?--, L W. II W L W
2l" 2:32 5.2)9:38 0.1 4:52 4.3 0:50 51
22 . 3:35 5.0(10:40 -0.3 6:55 4.4 11:09 31
23 4:51 4.7 11:44 0.4 (5:48 4.6...... '.
L W |H W ' H W
24. 0:24 2.5 «:10 4.«ll2:4:l '- : o.« 7:40 6.0
25 1:23 2.0 7:28 4.71 1:45 0.8 8:27 54
26 2:27 1.4 8:40 4.0| 2:37 1.0 Q:1Q 6.5
NOTE— In the above exposition of I the tides
the early morning ) tides! are ¦ glv«n in the left
hand column and the " successive tides "of the
day In the order of! occurrence as to time; the
fourth tlmo column gives the. last tide of the
day.- »xccpt when. there are but three tides, as
sorretimeis occurs.- • The heights given ¦ are In
addition to the soundings of the United SUtea
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
! given Is subtracted from l the depth given by
th* charts. ~ The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. i". >;.
Trunks, valises and all leather. goods
lettered in gold free of charge. :. Received
in carload lots and sold at carload prices.
San born. Vail &¦ Co., 741 Market st. •
The steamship Columbia Is on Hunters
Point drydock having repaired damage sus
tained by striking the Columbia River bar.
P. Paulson, an intoxicated soldier from the
Presidio, fell into the . bay early yesterday
morning from Powell-street wharf. He. was
dri'd at tb« Harbor Hoeplta!.
Henry Bosh, who lives at 227 Valley street,
yesterday had two .ribs broken, his ch««t
crushed and his left cheek badly lacerated in
a, freight elevator: at 22 Sanvome street.
The Pomona will not arrive {rom Eureka
until to-day, having been delayed at the Hum
boldt port through the breaking of a piston
The United States crulaer 'Tacoma called
yesterday for Tacoma to give the citizens of
the Pnget Sound city an opportunity to in
epnet the vessel that bears the^name of their
°The Kosmos liner Amasis cleared yesterday
°The army" transport Sherman left .Manila
April 15 for thin port. _ ,
Water Front Notes.
Dr. Katherine V. C. Scott will give
a talk to-day at 3 p. m. at Miss West's
school, 2014 Van Ness avenue, on "A
Journey.Through' Koodistan to, Nin
eveh;" The proceeds. will be 'devoted
to a fund for the placing of an -aged
woman in the Episcopar home. The
lecturer has traveled extensively and
is a good speaker. .
A Journey Through Koodistan.
The vessels on the overdue list are quoted
for reinsurance as follows: Englehorn and
Note Dame d'Arvor. 15 per cent; Alba, 10
per cent; Lamoriclere, SO per cent, and La
morna, 90 oer cent. »
The Overdue list.
To witness the celebration of the com
pletion of the Modesto-Turlock Irriga
tion Systems at Modesto, on April 22 and
23, 1904. Half-fare round-trip tickets
will be sold, good until Wednesday. April
27. A <".:lightful trip at this time of the
TO SUNXY STANISLAUS
The .'preliminary, examination of
Mre. Cordelia Botkln on the charge of
murder in connection with the death
of "; Mrs. -Ida Henrietta Deane ' at Do
ver. DeJ., in 'August, 1898, was con
tinued before^ Police Judge Conlan
yesterday."- It ; will probably be con
cluded this, afternoon.
-The cross-examination of \ John P.
Duhning.was finished "and as he step
ped; forward to sign' the recognizance
he: directly faced the defendant. 'She
glared atihim, but he studiously avoid
ed . her gaze. Attorney Clark ; made
Dunning write his name ' , arid : ithe
words' "With love to. yourself £ and
baby, Mrs. C," and. handing, him-the
note, found in the box -of ¦¦; poisoned
candy, asked him. if the I handwriting
was not the same. Dunning gasped
and when, he? recovered his ¦ breath
said, "Why, of > course = not."
'The other witnesses examined were
Mrs. J. : J. McGuinness, . who sold ; the
box of candy to. Mrs; Botkin: Mrs.: A.
S. A i Clark, who was employed at : the
candy store ; Mrs. I. Tuchler,' who sold
the handkerchief; found ;iri .the* candy
box, and Mrs: Almlra Ruoff,' the nurse.
Mrs. Botkln Glares at John P. Dun
ning While He Signs the Re
cognizance After Testifying.
Robert Nicholson, chief boatswain's mate
on the United States gunboat Petrel, which is
anchored in the stream off Vallejo-street
wharf, shot and killed himself early yesterday
morning. He returned from chore leave«under
the Influence of liquor and committed suicide
shortly after' reporting his return to the ship.
He was a native of Scotland^ S2 yeara of age.
Petrel Sailor Shoots Himself.
MAKES EVERY EFFORT
TO AVOID HER GAZE
Steamer. * For. Sails.
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 21
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 24
City Seattle. . Skagway & W*y Ports. Apr. 26
Cottage City. Skagway A Way Ports. Apr. 28
Dirigo Skagway A. Way Ports. Apr. 29
J. Dollar Valdes & Seward . . . . . . Apr. 29
The schooner George E. Billings of this
port 1« ashore at Waratah Bay. Australia, and
it is feared that her prodicaroent is serious,
as »he Is lying broadside on to a sandy beach.
News of the disaster was received y^terday
by way of Melbourne and London. The Bil
lings was bound from Adelaide for New
castle N. S. W. She is owned In this city,
and was built in 1003 at Port Blakeley. She
In a vessel of 1103 tone net and carries a crew
of eighteen all told.
Ashore on Australian Coast
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, April 20.
Stmr Brunswick. Ellefsen, 14 hours from
Fort Brae?..
Stmr- Coronado, Peterson, 69 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr N«"wburr, Andrensen, 75 hours from
Grays H*.rbor:
Dark Ald*n- Besse, Kessel, 25 days from
Honolulu.
Bktn Mary Wlnkelmann, Guttormsen, 13
days from Tacomo.
Schr Char E Falk, Hennlngsen, C days from
Coos Bay.
Schr C A Klose, Grug-gle, 14 days from Co
lumbia River.
Schr Advance, ORidneseen, 7 days from Co
qullle River.
Schr G W Watson, Wetkltnaut, 17 days from
Port Hadlock.
CLEARED. .
Wednesday, April 20.
G«r Ftmr AmasU. Jansen. Hamburg and way
ports; J D fiDreckels Bros & Co.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, Eureka; Chas Nel
son & Co.
8tmr State of California, Thomas, San DI
egro; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Btmr Bonita. Gielow, San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Company.
Etmr Umatllla, Patterson, Victoria; Pacific
Coast Steamship Company. , .
Br bark Loch Trull, Mainland, Fremantle;
Eddy Falk and American Trading Company.
SAILED.
Wednesday. April 20.
U S stmr Tacoma. Nicholson, Tacoma.
Btmr Montara, Rellly, Seattle.
Stmr Umatllla. Patterson. Victoria.
Rtmr Marshfield, Dettmer$, Eureka.
Stmr Callfornian. Barron, Honolulu and
New Tork. •
Stmr North Fork; Nelson, Eureka.
Ger itmr Amasls, Jansen. Hambunr,, etc.
¦ Stmr Magelc. Cornlns. Halfmoon Bay.
Ship Henry Villard, Shaube, Honolulu.
Ship Alex Gibson, Wayland, Bristol Bay.
Ship W H Macy, Groth, Lorinir.
Schr Ivy. Llndqulst. Coos Bay.
Schr John A Ol«en. Eureka.
• Hchr Jennie Griffin. CamDbell, Bolinas. '
SPOKEN.
March 28 — Lat 18 south, long: 35 west, Fr
bark Asle from Antwerp, for San Pedro.
March 31— Lat 10 couth, long 35 west, Ger
bark Charlotte, from Bremen, , for Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 20, 10 p m— Weather
clear* wind NW: velocity 24 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. .
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed . April 20— Schr
Premier, for Nushlpak: schr Polaris, for Ma-
Arrived April 20— Schr Gamble, from Manila.
Arrived April 20^ — Schr Gamble, from Ga
vltc, PI.
SEATTLE — Arrived Aoril 20— Stmr Geo
Loomls. hence April 10; Fr bark Turgot, from
San Diego. , - . ¦.
t-lallMi April 19 — Etmr Bertha, for Vald'z;
etmr Karallon. for Skagway.
Sailed ADril 20^ — Stmr Jeanie, for San Fran
cisco.- -¦ ¦ - ¦' •¦ ! ' • -
RE DONDO— Arrived Aorll 20— Stmr. South
Bay. from Eureka. •
Fail*<1 ADril. 20 — Schr Chas R Wilson, for
Grays Harbor.
Shipping Intelligence.
ASTORIA— Arrived ADril 20— Stmr Chico,
from Bandon.
Reported, outside April 20— Fr bark Marechal
de Noallles, from Hamburg, . with uilot on
board.
Arrived Ar>rll -JO— Br stmr Ching Wo, from
SaMnn Criiz; Fr bark Marechal de Noallles
from Hamburg.
BELLINGHAM— Arrived April 20 Stmr
Rainier, hence ADril 15.
COOS BAY— April 20— Reported sailing of
stmr Alliance for Astoria yesterday Is an
error; vessel Is ptill here. /
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived A.iril 20— Schr
Gamble, for Manila.
Sailed ADril 20 — Schr Nokomls, for Tacoma ;
Fr bark Turgot, for Tacoma.
Arrived Aoril 20— Schr Compeer from Sa
llna Cruz.
•I SAN PEDP.O— Arrived ADril 20— Schr Car
rier Dove, from Tacoma; schr. Sailor Boy, from
Caspar; schr Argy«. from. Ealrhaven; schr Dora
Bluhm, from Eureka; stmr Francis H Lig
gett, from Eureka.
Sailed April 20— Schr Ruby, for Bondon.
PORT HADTyOCK— Sailed April 19 — Bktn J
M Griffith, from- Astoria.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived ADril 19— Schr
Comet, from Grays HarKUr. \
BALLARD— Arrived April 19— Schr Ma
weema, from San Diego.
WINSLOW— Sailed April 20— Schr Columbia,
for San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Arril 19— Stmr
for San. Francisco. April 20 — Stmr
Chehalis. for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passfd in Anril 20— Schr Stlm
soii.* from San Pedro, for Ballard.
Pawed cut April 20— Schr Oliver J Olsen,
from Everett, for San Francisco.
Passed in April 20 — Ship W F Babcock,
hence April 6' for Seattle.
Passed out April 20— Bktn J M Griffith, for
San Francisco. -\
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived April 19—
Stmr Whitesboro, from San Pedro. April 20
Stmr Mineola, from Tacoma.
Sailed ADril 20— Stmr Whitesboro for San
Francisco. *
SAN DIEGO— Sailed April 20— Schr A F
Coates, for Columbia River.
ISLAND PORTS/
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aorll 10— Stmr AI
llant-a. from Colon.
Sailed April 19— Stmr Seguranca, for Colon.
HONOLULU— Sailed April 19— Stmr Sierra,
for San Francisco. *
Arrived Aorll 20— Bktn Irmjjard, hence
April 5. ' ¦ • .
HILO— Sailed April 17— Ship Kenllworth,
for Delaware Breakwater.
MANILA— Sailed Anril 15— U S stmr Sher
man, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Aaril 8— Stmr Tre
mont, from Manila.
SHANGHAI— Arrived April 18— Br etmr Sat
tuma, from Manila?
GIBRALTAR— Passed ADril 19— Br stmr
Queen ChrlstinS. from Norfolk, for Manila
HAMBURG — In port ApAl 9— Ger stmr
Hathor, for San Francisco. '
To sail April 23— Br ship Falrport, forHono
lulu. •
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Anril 18 — Br ship
Semantha, from Chemalnus.
SUEZ— Arrived Atlrll 1»— Br stmr Peleus,
from Vancouver, for Liverpool.' . .
SYDNEY — Arrived Drior to April 19 Br
ship Crown of Scotland, from Tacoma
ANTWERP— Sailed Auril . j20— Br ship
Glaucus, for San Diego. ¦
HONGKONG — Arrived. AdHI 20— Stmr Si
beria, hence March 2.1.
Arrived prior to Asrll 20 — Br etmr Claver,
ing. from Astoria. • . ¦
VICTORIA— Sailed April 20, noon— Stmr
Stanley Dollar, for Japan. •
Arrived Drior to April 20— Br etmr Empress
of China, from Hongkong and Yokohama.
QUEENSTOWN'— Arrived April 20 — Stmr
Teutonic, iftqm New York.
HAVRE — Arrived Aoril 20— Stmr l'Aqul
talne, from New. York.
ANTWERP— Arrived April 20— Stmr Va
derland,. frpm New York.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer. [ Destination. Sails. Pier.
April 31. .
State of Cal San Diego & Way: 9 am Pier 11
Bonlta Newport & Way.'. 9 am Pier 11
Centenntal. Seattle & Tacoma 5 pm Pier 20
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
April 29.
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPler 9
G W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River 10 am|Pier 20
April 23. . I
Eureka Humboldt '. 9 am]Pier IS
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 4 pm.Pler 2
Newburg. . . Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Coronado... Grays Harbor ...-. 4 pm Pier 10
Sequoia.... Wlllapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 20
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
San Jose... N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
Alameda . . . Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Marlposa... Tahiti direct ...... 11 am Pier 7
Homer Seattle direct Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay direct... 10 am Pier Vi
laqua Humboldt 1 pm Pier 2
S Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 2
April 24. j
S Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
April 25.
Spokane.... Humboldt 1:30 p. Pier 0
S Cruz Ran Pedro * Way. .9 am Pier 11
Senator. . . . Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier • 9
S Monica.. Graya Harbor. ..... 4 pm Pier 2
April 26.
Gaelic...... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Jeanle...... Senttle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Arctic...... Humboldt . :... 1 pm Pier 2
April 27. . I
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 am] Pier 21
Bee Grays Harbor..; Pier —
Aurella.... Astoria & Portland ...... Pier —
. • April 29. I
North Fork. HumboWIt 5 pm Pier 20 '
Nevadan..- Hono. & Kahului. 3 pm Pier 16
April 30.
City Panam N Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier- 0
Alliance..'.. Eureka & Coos, B. 5 pm Pier. 10
Rainier. . : . : Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
PASS A RAISED BILL..— Two men entered
the aeloon of David O'SullIvan at SG3 Market
fctrpet yesterday morning, tendered a $10 bill in
l>a>-ment for drinks and received $9 75 chance.
Fhortly after they !<-ft O - Sullivan discovered
that th» bill was of $1 denomination with the
figures cut frem a $10 Confederate bfll pasted
over the $1 Eign.
The German steamer Amasls of the Kosmos
line railed yesterday for j Hamburg and way
ports with a general merchandise cargo val
ued at 134,920, to be distributed as follows: For
Mexico, $12,308; Central America, $15,067; Ec
uador, $3S19; Peru. $15,042: Chile. $6SS3; Ger
many. S2188; England, $100; France. %Y&. The
leading exports were as follows:
To Mexico— 210 bbls flour, 1160 sals 4 cs
wine, 23&0 lbs meals, 2540 lbs eplces, 142 pkgs
potatoes and onions, 800 lbs raisins, 450 lbs
dried fruit. 890 lbs ham and bacon, 206 lbs
sugar. 14 pkg» paste, 26 pkga groceries and
provisions, 62 cs canned goods, 18 cs mineral
water, 12 cs liquors. 14 cs salmon, 55,000 lbs
cement. 25.088 feet lumber, 5S0 bdle shook.-.
11 pkgs electrical supplies, 14 pkgs nails, 29
pkgs mlllwork, 5 cs tar, 4 cs coal oil, 12
pkgs dry good*. 4 cs boots and ehoea, 17 pkgs
tank material, 17 pkgs 62 bars Iron, 9 bales
bags, 243 pkgs machinery. U bdls pipe, 1500
lbs soda.
To Central America— 1616 bblu flour, 300 Ib»
ralslnp. 10 flasks quicksilver, 6225 lbs tal
low, 53 pkgs paper, 78 pkga ship chandlery,
41 pkgs oils. 4 cs electrical supplies, ¦ 18 pes
railway material. 110 cs coal oil. S
To Ecuadbi* — 110 bbls flour, 973 gals wine,
120 cs ealmon, !C> cs canned good?, 100 coils
tope, 2 pkgs acid.
To Peru— 2330 lbs nhrimps, 575 bbls flour.
512 gals wine, 4850 lbs hops, 2955 lbs dried
fruit, «J5 cs canned goods, 7155 feet lumber,
8 bbls oil. 10,064 lbs shot. 58 pkgs rope. « cs
boots and shoes, 55.104 lbs tallow, 5759 lbs
lubricating grease, 7960 railroad ties, 79 pkgs
agricultural implements, 4 head cattle, 2 rams.
To Chile — 81 cs canned <goods, 1 cs dried
fruit, CO gals whisky. 5200 feet lumber, 6040
railroad ties, 190 pkgs machinery, 3 colls rope,
5 cs boots and shoes. .
To Germany — 300 cs honey, 6 cs canned
goods. £0 sks ore.
Cargo for the Kosmos Liner,
The steamer Oallfornian, which cleared on
Tuesday for New York, via Honolulu, carried
as carro from this port for Honolulu 1157
rals 109 cs whisky, 520 gals wine, 300O ca coal
oil, 100 cs salmon, 60 cs canned «?ood«. 45,000
lbs salt, 80U pkes railway material, 25 rolls
wire netting and 1 cs lamp goods, valued at
$14.851..
In addition to the foregoing the steamer
carried 2 cs marmalade and 30 bales" of rope
consigned to New York. • - -
EAports for Hawaii.
'•The British bark Loch Trool was cleared
yesterday for Fremantle. Aus., with e63.0C4
feet of lumber, 8175 ctls barley and 6365 doors,
valued at *44.07S.
A Shipment for the Antipodes.
Georgina C. Barton of Salt Lake
and Addie de Knight of Gilroy, nieces
of the late Janet Crabb, and Joseph
McNeil of Stanislaus County, her
nephew, yesterday filed a contest of
their aunt's will. They allege- undue
lnflufnccon the part of the late Armie
Harley, . Charles Harjey and Mary
Jrnks, for whom she was a house
keeper at, 21 IS Pacific' "a'Venue._ .~Z
Mrs. Cra'bb's «sfate, which was
worth J6000. was devised, almost en
tirely in her will to the Harleys. her
own relatives receiving but small be
quests. The latter claim that if it had
not been for the Harleys' preventing
their aunt from seeing them or meet
ing them the provisions .of the will
would have been reversed and that
they and not' the Harleys would have
been the principal legatees.
Two Xloces and a Nephew of the De
cedent Claim She Was Vnduly
, Influenced.
WI1JL. OF JANET CRABB
SUBJECT OF CONTEST
Captain Kinder, the Mongolia's com
mander, whose . long record of service
with the "White Star line marks him a
navigator of skill, is not blamed for the
misfortune which befell his giant
charge. The bar on which the Mongolia
struck is said to have been uncharted.
It was situated, according to the ship's
log, ten miles from shore. Officers and
men on Tuesday said the vessel strand
ed at Pernambuco and was ashore for
two hours. The official record of the
accident, however, gives the ten-mile
off-shore location and places the Mon
golia's time of detention on the shoal
at twenty minutes.
In addition to such repairs as may
be necessary, the Mongolia is far from
being finished, and there are many
hours* work for many mechanics before
the Pacific Mail Company's latest ad
dition is ready for service.
The steamship was towed to the dry
¦dock by the tugs Sea King, Sea Prince
and Redmond. Darkness fell before the
water was all pumped from the big
basin, and with six feet of the Mongo
lia still submerged the pumps were
stopped until this morning. The twist
ed blade was clear of water, but it was
too dark to make a satisfactory exam
ination even of that.
* The' Mongolia was placed on the dry
dock yesterday for the purpose of hav
ing her bottom cleared of the marine
growths accumulated during her long
voyage and to have surveyed and re
paired the damage sustained when she
bit tbe South American sandbar.
The Pacific Mail Company's big liner
Mongolia, which arrived Tuesday, from
Norfolk, Va., made her way fromthe
vicinity of Pernambuco with a blade or
one of her propellers twisted nearly two
feet out of its true position. Thls*much
was revealed yesterday when the ves
sel was placed on Hunters Point dry
dock. How much more damage she sus
tained when she ran ashore off the Bra
zilian coast will not be known until this
morning:, when the pumping out of the
water in the dock will be completed
and a thorough investigation made pos
sible. i% . •
Steamer. From. P"*-
Hermontbts. . Hamburg & War. Apr. 21
City Panama. New "S*ork via Panama. Apr. i\
Pomo Pt Arena & A;blon.. Apr. 21
Eureka Hurriboldt ... •• Apr. 21
Santa Rosa. . San Diego & .'Way Pts. Apr. 21
Point Arena.. Mendocino A Pt. Arena Apr. 21
Senator Puget Sound Ports Apr. 21
Sequoia .". Wlllapa Harbor ......".. Apr. 21
Empire I Coog Bay & Pt. Orfordl Apr. 21
Santa Cruz.. \ San Pedro & Way Pts. Apr. 22
Jeanle Seattle & Tacome. Apr. 22
F. M. Kiburn Watsnvlle v. Pt. Rogers Apr. 22
G. Dollar. . . . Portland Apr. 22
Spokane Humboldt Apr. »3
Bee. Grays Harbor Apr. 23
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor Apr. 23
S.Barbara... Seattle & Olympla Apr. 23
Nevadan Honolulu & • Kahului.. Apr. 23
Iaqua San Pedro ' Apr. 23
Czarina Coos Bay .". . . Apr. 23
Arctic Humboldt Apr. 23
Amer. Mar'i.. Yokohama & Honolulu. Apr. 24
Aurella Portland & Astoria.... Apr. 24
Oregon Portland & Astoria. ... Apr. 24
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Apr. 25
Sierra Sydney & Wav ¦ Portt. Apr. 25
Argo... ...... Eel River Ports ...Apr.- 25
S. Monica San Pedro Apr. 25
W Kruger... San Pedro ...Apr. 25
Bonlta. . . : . . . Newport & Ws/ Ports. Apr. 26
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound \ Ports.... Apr. 26
Pomona Humboldt. . . .' j. . . :• Apr. 26
North Fork . . Humboldt Apr. 26
Rainier Seattle 4 Whatcom.... Apr. 27
Curacao Mexican^ Ports ........ Apr. 28
Acapulco New York via Panama. Apr. 28
Alliance.....' Portland & Way Ports. Apr. 28
Centralia Graya Harbor Apr. 28
G W. Elder.. Portland A Astoria Apr. 29
Umatllla Puget ' Sound Ports May 1
the schooner W. H. Marston to Honolulu with
general cargo.
SCHOONER GEORGE E. BILUNGS. WHICH IS REPORTED ASHORE LYING BROADSIDE ON TO SANDY BEACH AT WARA
TAH. AUSTRALIA. SHE WAS BOUND FROM ADELAIDE TO NEWCASTLE. SHE. IS OWNED AT THIS PORT, WHERE
NEWS OF HER PREDICAMENT WAS RECEIVED YESTERDAY.
ARRESTED IN INDIANA.— Walter E. Reed,
who is . wanted here on a charge of forgery,
has ! been arrested at Monroevllle, Ind.. and
Detective Ryan will leave to-day with the pa
pere for his extradition. . . .
BUDGET ESTIMATE.— The Board of Publio
Works did not issue its estimates of expendi
tures for the next municipal budget yesterday,
as anticipated. The figures were submitted to
Mayor Schmitz. who desired to make some
changes before submitting It to the Board of
Supervisors.
Considerable* contention arose con
cerning the ferry news stand, and tes
tlnflfcjiy given In Judge Seawell's court
last g March showed that President
Spear of the Harbor Commissioners
was anxious that James F. Rooney, his
brother-in-law, be given the privilege,
despite the fact that he was overbid
by Foster & Orear.
The decision rc-dered by Seawell was
that Rooney be permanently barred
from the right of leasing the news
stand, and that the present tenants
be allowed to remain until some other
bidder went. higher than they.
The stand has doubtless been a mint.
The rent for the last seven years has
been only J430 per month. ....-¦:'¦ .
The bid was accompanied by a certi
fied check on the Crocker- Woolworth
Bank. It was decided yesterday that
Foster & Orear be allowed to remain
in possession. V ..
At the meeting of the Harbor Com
missioners yesterday one t)ld was , re
ceived for the privilege of the news
stand at the ferry building. Foster
& Orear, the present tenants, were the
only bidders. Foster & Orear's bid is
$1565 a month, of about $1100 a month
more than they were paying a month
ago. . , . 1
Phillips has been known to the police
rs C. H. Reed, Maurice de Salabury,
Edward Anderson and Arthur Williams.
May 6, 1SS2, he was sentenced to serve
two years in San Quentin for attempt
to commit. burglary; May 3, 189J, to five
> ears in San Quentin for burglary, and
November 20, 1SS7. tp five years in Fol
pom penitentiary for burglary.
Detectives O'Dea and Mulcahy were
detailed on the case, and they accuse
1'hllUps of having broken Into at least
four houses, as follows: On Decembei
Z9, 459 Geary street, occupied by Miss
Hrennan. who lost four diamond ring^,
a wedding ring: and a pearl brooch;
March 22, 531 Turk street, occupied by
Mrs. D. H. Duncanson. who lost two
pold watches, two pairs . of opera-
I-lasses and two gold rings: on March
"4. the Van Ness House, on Market
street, near Van Ness avenue, occupied
t>y Mrs. Whitman, who lost a pair of
field glasses, two paid rings and two
stickpins, and April 9, 1111 Sutler street,
occupied by Miss* Ixmisa Bormack.who
lost a souvenir silver cup, a gold belt,
two gold rings and an overcoat- Most
of the stolen property has been recov
ered by O'Dea and Mulcahy, and Phil
lips has been identified as the map who
Fold it.
lady, while tryinK to open the door of
one of the rooms. She telephoned to
i he North End police station, and Po
]iopTnan M. Sullivan soon had Phillips
im<5er arrest. He pave as an excuse
ihat he was looking for a woman friend
and had mistaken the house.
will be charpcd. He was found In the
ivipravia House. 1715 Polk street, on
Arril 11 by Mrs. Knoblock, the land-
The police have discovered In A. Phil
]:p.« »n ex-convlct with severai aliases.
end th^y say that he has committed at
l»a?t four burglaries, with which he
Lone Offer of $1565 Per
Month Accepted by the
Board of Commissioners
We Is Accused of Commit
ting: Four Burglaries for
Which He Will Be Tried
HAS SEVERAL ALIASES
HAVE NO COMPETITORS
Foster & Orear Bid for
Occupancy of Valuable
Property at the Ferry
Police Recognize Man Ar
rested in the Belgravia
House as an Ex-Convict
Giant Liner Is Placed on Hunters Point Drydock, but Darkness
Falls Before Water Is AH Pumped From Big Basin— Blade of
One Propeller Is Twisted Nearly Two Feet Out of Position
EXTENT OF INJURY TO MONGOLIA
WILL NOT BE KNOWN UNTIL TO-DAY
CAUGHT TRYING
TO ENTER ROOM
PAY HIGH RENT
AT NEWS STAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, Mil ' jsi, y i»us.
11
ADVEBTISEMENTfl>
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is tp wash it
clean and not hurt it. .
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
.we mean without alkali
Pears 1 is pure ; no free
alkali. You can trust a
soap that has no biting in
it, that's Pears*.
Established over zoo yean.
When You Are Out With Your
Best Girl
You.eurely want your linen to look spick
and span. The way to put your best foot
forward is to let us do your laundering:.
Then will shirt front, collar and cuffs
enable you to look your best and attract
admiring: attention — to say nothing of
the satisfaction you'll feel because of
clpan. sweet, well - Ironed washable
clothes.
No e^w edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDDY,
XOO4 KASEET STEEET.
Celcphone BoMh. 430.
I
i CALIFORNIA I
j. LIMITED TO CHICAGO I
j /LEAVES DAILY 1
j at O<3O a. m., thronrh In 3 days, g
j with diner and all trapplnsrs. . B
Other Santa Te Tralna:
7:30 a. m.l for st0 ckton, Fresno. Bakersfleld.
6:00 I'.m'.i Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. and
Terry Depot. S..F. Alio Xlia Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. 37 South Tint BU
- San Joee. " ¦¦- -
CALIFORNIA NORTflWESTERN £Y. CO.
I_jBSSHJE3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPACT. V
Tiburon Terry. Toot of Market- Street.
SAN TSAXrCXSCO TO SAXT | EAPAEL.
WEEK DATS — 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. ra. Thursdays^ — Extra trip
p.t 11:30 o.m.
Saturday*— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 0:30, ll:C0 a. m.; 1:30.
8:30, 5:00. 0:20, 11:30 p. m. ¦
SAN RAFAEL TO SAW FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:00, 7:35, 7:50. 9:20. 11:13
a. jn. : 12:60, 3:4O,"6:00, 6:20 p. m.
Saturday*— Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00, 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40.
3:40. 4:65. 6:05. 8:25 p. m. . ¦ - -
Leave "1 In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco.) Sept. 27, 1903. (San Francisco.
Wetk I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. ( days. | Days.
7:30a 8:00 a « 9:10a 8:40 a
. , 9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p «:20p
5:10p 5:00p : ¦ 7:35p -
~7:30 a ~~- ~" ~~*- 0:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Fetaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p ¦ and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a T 10:40 a 10:2a a
8:00 a Fulton. j 7:33p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p
Windsor. 1
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburs. 10:40 a 10:20 a
¦ Lytton. • ¦
3:30 p 8:30 p Geyserville. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale. • '
7:30 a 8:00 a Hopland 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p and Uktah. 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Willits. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p! 3:30 p| Ouernevllle. . | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. ( 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al - 110:40 a] 10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:35 p] 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin. at Santa Rosa for , White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrarta' and Hark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Sprlngsi'at Gey-
serville for Skaa-gs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, • Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Spring*
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, LlerlyV
Bucknells, Sanhedrin Heights. Hiillville, Orr'i
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopktns, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg
West Point. Usal; at Willits for Fort Brag*!
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo, Layton-
ville, Cummlngs, Bell's Springs, Harris, Ol-
sen's. Dyer, Garbervllle. Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trio tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. . 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
II. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. > Gen. Pass. Agt.
Wt. Tamalpais Railway
" - Leave ~ Tk Sta-dte tmry I Anfre "
¦a-Ffaadec* fast af Marks* a\ Sao Fraadata.
Saa> ¦ m Son- I Wait*
Day*, dayi J/SSfSm)^ days Day*.
•11:99 1*I»:OOa 6gWe._Sgl **'°»' *&*&
•l:4Sr 9:00a (f| l:9Sr 9:»0r
•iXCr 1O:OOa l»B_«Sr »:*Op 8:5O»
.,,»„ l:4Sr y^SUT »"«'
*»Ma— <jQji»yty * Maaaa_¥_— tf
natt 1 826 M««T ST.,(Nortl» Shore Rallroa4»
ttnm I aad Saimauto Farajtr. Foot Maxfest 3t>
¦/v^-CTTrj^ TSk Trains lesr« aad »r •
fO^^^^\\ due to »rriT« a* :
|y)lMOfN'kwiitsrA|Zj SAN FRANCISCO.
\ Av — f — \t Jtil F * 011 Ar » n - w « 1304 -
x^^^-^VA FintDnsT/' '
>^ C I \r {Tootof Market Street).
L.*Tit - MAIN LINE. ¦— A»rr»
7.00a V«c»Tille. Winter*. Uumsey 7.50c
7 -00a Benlcia, Sulsun. Elmira sad Sacra-
mento 7.20>
7 30 a Vallejo. Napa. CalUtoga. SaaU
Kosa, Msrtlnez. San Batnon B-20r
7-30a Nlles, Ltrermore, Tracy, Latnrop. -
Stockton 7.20'
£.00* Shasta Express— (Via Darlt).
Williams Cfor Bartlett Springs).
Willows, trruto. Ked BlaS.
Portland. Tacoma, Seattle...... 7.50r
8-OOa Dsrls. Woodland. Knlgau Landing.
MarriYllIe. OroTllie 7-80p
•30a Port Costa, Martinez. Aatloch. • ¦;¦,-.
Byron, Tracy. Stockton. Xew- '-'¦¦ .. •
man.. Los Banos. Mendot*. -
Armona. Hanford. Visalla. -
Forterrille 4.20r
8 50* Port Costa. Lmth rop. Mod eito.
Merced. Fresno, Oosben Janc-
' * tlon. Hanford, Vlsalla, Bakers- - • - '
field 4.50^
830a Klles, San Jose, Llrermore. Stock-
ton. (t.Mllton). lose. Sacrameato, '.'. • \ -
Placerrllle. MarysrUle. Cbl«o. |
RedBlnff :.; ... 420'
8-30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-' -
nor*. Tnolnmne and Ancels 4Z0p
8 00* AtlnntlcEiprem— O£den»n4E»«t. 11.20*
930a Richmond. Martian aad Way
Stations 8 SOr
1000a Tbe Overland Ltmlted — Ogden, ,
Denrer. Omabt. Chlofo... 6 20r
10.00a Vallejo- ..., 1220»
10.00a Los Angeles Passeofer — Port
Costa, Martinez, Byron. Tracy,
Latbrop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Fresno, Goshen Jane-
"- • -• tlon. Hanford, Lemoore. Vlsalla.
Bakeraneld. Los Angeles 7.20*
1200m Hayward. Nllet and Way Stations. 320r
ti-OOr Sacramento Hirer Steamers til.OOr
¦ 530r Benlela, winters. Sacramento. .
Woodland. Knlgbu Landing, ' -
Marysrllle, Ororllle and wiy -'
nations '9-52»
IJOp Hayward.NUes and Way Stations.. 7.60r
• 330r Port Co»ta. Martinez. Byron.
. Tracy, Latbrop. Modest*.
Merced, Berenda. Presno and
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12-20P
530r Tosemlte Valley. Mon.. Wrd.. Frl. 9.20a
330p Martlne*. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 1020*
4.00r Martlnez,SanBamon,Vallejo,Napa,
CallitOKa, Santa Rota 9 23*
4 OOf Nile*. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.20r
430p Hay ward. Nile*. Irrtngtoa, Baal 18.60*
¦ Jose. Llrermore Mil. 60*
6-OOr The Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Banos. Mendota.Fr«mo. Tatar*.
BakersQeld. Los Angeles.. , • *
BJDOr Port Cotta. Tricy. Stockton 12.20T
tS30r Hayward. 511es and San Jose 7.2Q*
600r Hayward. Klles and San Jose 8 50»
600f Eastern ExpreM— Ofden. Dearer,
Omaha, St. Lonls. Cblcago ani
. East. Fort Costa, Benlcla. Sat- . '
sun. Elmira, Darls, Sacramento,
Rocklin. Auburn, Colfaz,
Tmckee. Boca, Reno, "Wada-
wortli, Wlnnemncc* B-20r
O.OOr Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I 7 kh*
7-OOp Vallejo, Sunday only f '• 0Br
- 7.00r Klchmond. San Pablo. Port Cotta,
Martinet and Way Stations 11.20*
- 8-05* Oregon * California Express— Sae*
ramento, Marysrille. Redding.
¦ Portland, Pnget Sound and East. 8-50 a
9.1 Op Hayward, Nile* and Saa Jose (3on-
dayonly) 11.604.
COAST LINE (Harwr «»i 5 .)-
(Foot of Market Street.)
746a Santa Crua Excunlon(8unday only) tAOr
1.16a Newark, Centerrllle. Baa Joto,
Felton, Boalaer Creek, 8snts
Cruz and Way Station! B-BS'
2.1 Br Kewark, Centurrllle. San Jose, '
New Almadea.Los Gate*. Felton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Crnx and
/»¦'¦ . Principal Way StaUons 55*
4.1S> Howark. Baa Jose, Losdatos aad t tS.88 4
way ttatlona ........) tiO 68a
HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KUAN CISCO. Foot «f Market St. (Sllp<»
-T7:15 »:0u 11:00 a.m. 100 3.00 6.1BF.M.
frmn OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:0O J3:*1
t«:Oa 1B:Wa.m. 12.00 2.00 AJHJt.m.
. COAST LINE (Broad Uange).
fW (Third aa< Townsend Streeta.)
810* 8an Joeeand Way Stations B-SOr
t700* Ban Joie aad W»y Stations.: 6.40'
7.16a Monterey and Santa Crnz Excur-
<lon (Sunday only) 1030?
8.00a New Almaden (Toes., Frld.. only), 4.10'
' 8 00* Tbe Coaster — Stops only San Jote.
~ Gllroy (connection for HoIUs-
' ' ter), Pajaro. Castrorllle (con-
nection to and from Monterey ¦
' . - and Pacific Grore). Salinas. San
Ardo, Paso Roble* Santa Mar-
• earlta. San Loll Oblspo. principal
•nations thence 8nrf (connection
for Lompoc), principal stations^ . -
• . thence San t.i Barbar»,San Uuena- ¦*¦
ventura. Barbank. Lou Angeles j 10.45*
8.00a Ban Jose. Tres Plnos, Capitols, •¦
. 8»nti»Cruz. Pacific OroTe.Mullnai,
San Lul» ObUpo and Principal.
Way Stations ....... 4.10r
1030a Gan Jose and Way Stations 1.20?
1130a Santa Clara, San Jote. Los Gatos
' - and Way Stations „ 7.30r
1-3Cr San Jose and Way Stations 8-38'
5 08p Del Monte Express— Santa Clara, ;
Ban Jote Del Monte, Monterey,
' Paeinc Grorc (connects at Santa *
Clara, except Sunday, for Santa ¦
. Cruz. Bonlder Crrek and Narrow
Canst e Points) at Gllroy for Ilol-
: litter. Tres Pino*, at Pajaro for'
Santa Crux, at Castrorllle for
Salinas 12.15*
3-30p Tres Plnos War Paitewrer.. ....... 10 45*
430p »-an Jo«e and Way Stations tt-OO*
tSOOr Santa Clara, San Jose. Los Gatos,
and principal Way Stations (ex-
cept Sunday) , t9C0*
{530p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 19.40*
6 45p Sunset Limited.— Redwood. 8sa •
..'-, 1 - Jo*e,Gllroy.a»llaaii.Pa»oKoble»,
San Luis Oblspo, Santa Barbara,
- ¦ Los. Angeles. Demlnar. El Paso,
New Orleans. New Tork. Con- .
sects at Pajaro for Santa Crui .
and at CastrorWfl for Pacific
-Grwrw and Way Stations...;.... 7.10a
16-IBp EauMateo.Beresfori, Belmont. Saa
- : ' - ' Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks, ,
MenioPark. Palo Alto tS.«8*
8 30p S*n Joae and Way Stations 6 38*
8.00p Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.15a
11.30P South San Francisco, M (librae. Bar—
•' *1lngame; San Mateo. Beimont," '"
• . 'San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks, -
•:." ' Manlo Park, and Palo Alto 9.45?
«11.30p Mayfleld, Mountain View, Sunny- - :
. ... rale, Lawrence. Santa, Clara and -
..j. '• San Jo«e t8.4»P
A for Mornlnr. P for 'Afternoon.
- '. Sunday excepted. - ' t Sunday only.
a Saturday only.
f Stops at all stations on Sunday. '. ¦ .
OT"Only trains ttoppinr at Valencia 8b soathbonnl
are«:10A.*.. 7:00 a.m.. 7:15 a. m.. 11:30 a.m.. S:S0p.m..
1:30 p.m. aad 8:00 p. u.
¦ TO SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILLVALLEY; -
CAZADERO; Etc.
?la Sauaalito Terry.
Suburban Service, SUndard Gauge Electric—
Deoart from San Francisco Dally 7:00. 8:00.
9 -CO 10:00, 11:00 a. m., 12:20. 1:45. 3:15. 4:15..
6:15' 0:15. 7 tOO. 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m. >
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
— DaiYr^ 5:25,- B:35. 7:40, .8:35, 9:35. 11:06 a.
mv- 12:20, ' 1:15. : 2:55. 3:45. : 4:45. 5:43. 6:45.
* 'FRC^M^UILL?* VA1.LF.T TO SAN FRAN-
ClSCO--DaUy. .6:45. «:55,~ 7:52. 8:5S. 8:ft8.
11 am." 12 :35. S:0O. 3 :15. 4 :09. 6 :C3. « :<*.
T:06. 8:00. '10:35 p.Tn.-'' ~\ - ¦ ,-: t : •
; THROUGH, TRAINS.. I.
" 8 -00 a, m. dally — Cazadero and way atatlons.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturday excepted)—
Tomales and way «tatlona.^_
-. 3:15 - p. m-. • Saturdajra^ — Cazadero ¦ aad • irmy '
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes aad
way. stations. .• ; Vi*»Qi*«aa«»«^p)»jBa iSHBBCBSB&H
TICKET OFFICE— 62fi Market at.
FERRY— Union Depot, loot of Maxlut ft. j
¦>;•.¦ ' -'JMMMBlMMBi
Railway between tbe I Jjj^^^ffl Sf
MW^MssourX River and Chicago, jj^^^^gg^^^
If Three Fast Trains^
Jar £3 daily to JH
11 Chicago and East (I
«k «sv vi * thc S 3
11 Southern PaeHIo, Union Paclfla and Chicago fi North-Western Rys. g B
MSl Standard and tourist sleeping cars, compartment MM
observation cars, buffet smoking and library cars; BFJ
m«L For sleeping car reservations, tickets and information j^9 B
,-¦ - W^^fei a PP'y to a C ents Southern Pacinc Co., or to /ffrjfSSTHE ;SAN FRAJyGISGO^eAt,L,.: THURSDAY.?: APRIL 21, 1904.
12
EMPLOYMBKT WAJiTED-^FEMAtR j
AT 60S Mason st.— MRS. WALSER; tel. Black
1533 — Young lady traveling companion or
care for invalid; Swedish cook and second
girl, same place; cooks and housework girls;
chambermaids; waitresses. ' summer resort:
man and wife, cooks for Alaska; man and
wife.. cooks for "mining camp; stenographers,
bookkeepers and cashier*. - *'.'•-
WOMAN •7nd~dauihter want work together:
daughter second" w"ork~cr <«ace for" children;
wages reasonable: -would take day work.
Call .rierj Market st. . ~ . . : ' ¦?'
RELIABLE. • competent woman wishes position
as cook where second' girl Is kept. 11-8
1 Broadway;-. - ¦' ' - . -'.-'• ' * ' '
A WOMAN wants 3 days' washing and Ironing
or cleaning to do a week; Thursday. Friday
and Saturday. Call or address Laundress.
,958 Mission st. " ¦ - - '¦ ¦'
COMPETENT woman wishes situation; Is a
flrst-class cook; city or: country. 508 Jessie
, st:, near- Sixth. ' : .. ' '. ¦ . ' .
AMERICAN • woman wishes housekeeper's po-
sition or cook on ranch. MRS. FAIRBANKS.
Cotatl,- Sonoma County. Cal.
WOMAN wants housework and light washing
by the. day. 121% Greenwich st.
WOMAN with a child, good cook, wants woric
on. ranch.' 324. Mason- St.; phone Black 239«.
NURSE girl wants to go to summer resort? $15
to $20. 324 Mason st. : phone Black 2398.
AN experienced German girl wants place , for
cooking; $30 to $35. Box 1408. Call offlce.
SPANISH cook, female, wants a position. In-
quire 15% Sherwood place. ¦•-¦¦••
A JAPANESE girl wants a situation: is good
cook; has good reference : city or country;
wages $35 up per month. TAKA. 424 -Powell.
JAPANESE; nice girl; wants position to do
cooking and housework In family. M. T., 1109
.. Pierce st. Tel. Scctt 17S5. .- ... .- —
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church'sts.
WANT ads an* subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister St.
EMP1-OVMDXT WANTED— MALE.
YOUNG man, steady, desires position on:- pri-
vate place: good ' gardener: understands
horses; -good driver; can . milk. Box 1132,
' Call offlce. Oakland. _
COACHMAN and wife (British) want positions,
city or country; city references. Box 1424,
V CaU office.
GARDENER and man about place wishes po-
sition; thoroughly understands care of horse*
and can milk: references. Box 13S2. Call.
WANTED — Place as cook- in country: pleasure
or mining camp. Box 1418. Call offlce. ¦
CARPENTER — Experienced In mines. Box
1414. Call offlce.
WANTED— A man with over 20 years* ex-
perience- In lorging, railroad construction
and timber estimating would like a position
as traveling agent to look up timber land or
take charge of extensive log«tinr operations;
references.- Addrets C. box 1187. Call offlce.
YOUNG M. E. wants position as draughts-
man: home work preferable; . specialist on
gas engines and . tool designing; detailing
done neatly and correctly. L. NORDSTROM.
910 Pine st. .
WANTED— Steady position on ranch; 20 years'
experience with cattle, horses, farming; am
married, - family * children, who will work.
Address G. H. B.. 2475 -Post St., San Fran-
cls-co. *
WANTED — By experienced night watchman,
¦•position -In factory, warehouse or wholesale
house;, flrst-class references. Address J. V.
¦ .QUBXTIN, 3121 Sixteenth St.. S. F. '
JOUNG man wants position In office; good
r . penman, honest and accurate; will work hard
: for'advancement: will start at moderate sal-
ary; can furnish bond. Box 1302, Call offlce.
YOUNG man would like work-in country; un-
derstands care of horses and garden. Box
1385, Call office. • • '
PLUMBER (licensed) wants work by the day
or week from property owner; has all nec-
essary shop tools.- Box 1452. Call offlce. -
A FHtST-CLASS cabinet maker wanfs a posi-
tion in factory or furniture store. Box 1394.
Call offlce. . ;
MAN of 35 wants work any part- of 6 days In
week; employed evenings; small-, wages;
speaks Spanish, Box 1405, Call office.-
BARTENDER and flrst-class mixer from the
East would I like - position; - best references.
Box 55, 1008 Market st. ' '" '.
AN experienced glazier wants work here In the
city. ¦ Address box. 1393, Call offlce.
TOUNG 'German (Hannoveraner) wants posi-
tion in a grocery store. R. B., 305 Noe at.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants situation as cook
for right family; city or country; wages $8
up. S. HENRY. 455 Jessie at. .
JAPANESE, strong man, wants a position -to
do cooking and general housework; $6 week.
G. AKI, 1303 H Castro st.
FLATS TO LET.
A A A— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list.
ed In our free renting department: over 1000
In number; a combined list from all agencies;
let ua give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall; service free. '¦
STERLING FURNITURE. CO.. "
1039 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES and fiat* to let: an immense list:
service absolutely free: take . advantage of
.this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
St.. on the square. . 1
EIGHTEENTH, near Valencia— New flat, ft
rooms and bath; all. modern improvements.
Sixth, near Bryant — Two flats of 4 rooms
each: $7 60 each.: Apply to G. A. LEROUX.
29 New Montgomery st. ..
WANTED — Party to share a* modern flat.' va-
cant May 1: rent $35; nine rooms. Call at
1303% Waller st. for particulars.
$42 50 — ELLIS St., 8 sunny rooms, modern; $25,
eunny corner, 8 rooms, bath. PATTERSON,
room' 202," Examiner building.
5-ROOM "flat; $15. No. 6 Sunny court." Oeary
st.; bet. Webster and Buchanan. - .:
A NEW modern flat of 6 rooms and bath; rea-
sonable to responsible party. 828 Harrison st.
ELEGANT sunny corner top flat; rent reason-
able to responsible party. . 799 Cole st.
MODERN flat.: 5 r. & b.. yard, basement; fash-
ionable; water free; rent. $27 50. 3309 Clay.
DOWNTOWN.: modern sunny -flat; , 9- rooms,
:bath: every convenience. 038 Post. ,nr. Hyde.
GREEN, . 2065— Sunny English basement flat;
bay view;- 7. rooms, bath: lawn rear, .
¦ FLATS . TO LET — FURMSUEO.
FOR sale— 3-room furnished flat; bath; reason-
able. rent; cheap for cash; -Geary, near Polk.
Box . 1387. Call of flee.
TWENTIETH. 4230. near Castro cars— Nice
sunny 5-room parlor flat; good. view; $30. '
FOLSOM.'. 647— Lower part' of house; complete;
• piano. . . . . / . ;. . "
SOUTH "PARK, 79— Furnished tfpper ;¦ flat ¦- of
6 -rooms; rent reasonable. Apply 1:30 to 5.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
1 NICE sunny corner flat, -Brooms,- furnished- a
* bargain. •¦ 224. Townsend St.; bet. 3d 'and 4th.
FDR3J1THRE FOR SALE. : "
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, stoves and
household goods; flats . bought, Mission Auc
House, 429-439- .Valencia:, tel. .Church 3870.
. ' y P RXITljR E .wasted; ~~~
-V---. -..-.- . ABE LEVY. ~ TT
Salesroom.' 1135 Market at. . Tel. Jesal* 761
Don't ssll your furniture, carpets, offlce fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate. •
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
1 nlture. carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 467.
! A. L.*STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
| ture, carpets, etc.; tel. Larkin 3631.634 Ellis.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462
buys, rents, repair?, packs furniture, carpets!
B.-T. SCHEJJ* 2412 Mission, teL Church 5570.
pays best, prices' for furniture, carpets,' etc.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and radse L. H.
- BURP. auctlonter.!81S Mkt. : tel. Howard 275«.
; HELP, "AVA MED— FBM ALB. >
EXPERIENCED cloak and suit fitters wanted
Apply, stating; > experience, references, salary
box lGTO.^all office. ¦ . .
EXPERIENCED girl for second work, waiting
¦ and sewing;; references. : Call 1774 Bush'et
9 to 11. .; ; . -.. : • . '
EXPERIENCED hands on vests and appren-
tice. paid -while learning. «41».j Stevenson.
CLOAK ; and suit alteration hands wanted An-
ply superintendent's of flc», ; the Emporium.- ,
AGEKTg WAJTTED. '
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
a decided Improvement on building and loan
Is worth bavinr. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building. 7 . ." °^'"
Anvr-BTTSEanEirT^ vrnrram.
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
oZ property three S40 scholarships In the be»t
College of Advertising In the United States.
I will aell them at 25 per cent discount for
cAth; the college teaches advertising writ-
ing by correspondence and assists Its grad-
uatek to .secure pcsltions; catalogues fur-
n(»hed on application. Address box 3026, Call.
ATl'On.X E Y5-AT : LAW. '
ADVICE FRE~3 —
Columbian Law & Coll. Agcy., r. S5. 916
'Market; phone John 622«>; open evenings;
transact* at most reasonable rates all legit-
imate law business; bonds furnished in crim-
inal and civil case*; small collections taken.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for small fee.
Eee rr.e and save money; no pay In advance.
G. W. HOWE, ATTORNET-AT-LAW.
RrtahllEhed 22 yrs.: rms. 1. 2. 3, 4 * 5, 1st fl.
1122 Market *t.. between Mason and Taylor. ;
Advice free all matters. Detectives emplpyed.
R. W. KINO. AUorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg.,
Cth floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years; all csec, general court 'and offlce prac-
tice; no fee In advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3061.
DIVORCE cheap, speedily, quietly :, call on ua
'ere going elsewhere. Phone James 6221;
room 41, »I0 Market st.-, opposite Emporium.
''ADVICE free, divorces, all law casee, costs ad-
vanced. 818 Market st. room 81.
DIVORCE — Coets, $12; quick, quiet: advice
free: open evenings. 927 Market St.. rrfl. SOI.
DIVOTICE law a tpcclalty; no publicity; advice
free; cots $12. Address B.A.S.. P.O.boa 2103.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market St.; consultation
free: no fees in advance: open evenings.
BA8KTT8.
GET your basket trunks at th» factory. 3416
17th st.. near Valencia, at factory prices.
BASKETS made of every description. Frledl
namr and Ba«k»t Factory. 1272 Folsom st.
BCS1XE9* CHAXCES.
A— $2600; CORNER grocery and bar, on PoweJl
•t.; 5 years' lease; rent $40; business estab.
years and fir»t-cl*BS paying; value in sight.
Call R. O. WILKE. 26^ KZ*™*—' '
A— $:.r«00; THIS leading saloon in manufacturing
town of aiiout 5000 Inhabitants; 5 years-
lease; rent t-ttO; full value In eight; first-class
paying bus;ne*s;- about -0 miles from S. F.
Call R. G. WU-JCE. 26H Kearny su
A— $2200: DAIRY produce and delicatessen
•tore; eetablUhed years; rent $58; monthly
sales about $1500; a first-class paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $7M>; CIGAR stand on Market et.: rent $C6;
one of the best -located stands and a business
where fullest Investigation la solicited; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kcarny.
A— 1SO0O; CORNER grocery and bar .with 3
average caeh store trade $2500 "per month;
daily bar receipts $25; full value In sight;
location the beet in the city. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26H Kearny st.
A— $450; PLUMBING and gasfltting shop on
Fillmore »t.; rent $26: owners must sell at
once as they are engaged In another bust-
ness.' CaU R. G. WILKE. 26V6 Kearny st.
A— $3000; GROCERY store; established many
years and doirii a large cash business:
located close to Market and Sixth sts.; a
good paying business; investigate and you
nnd a very rare business opening. Call R.
G. WILKE. -'6^1 Kearny »t. V
A— $6M>O: GRILL and barroom., with 8-year
lfase; rent $50; the leading butiness of its
kind in manufacturing town about CO miles
froin S. F. ; a rare chance Tor any live man
n-ho wishes to make money: value in eight.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26^4 Kearny st. "
A— l«5O; DELICATESSEN and pork store;
about 1 blo<-k suuth of Market; sales average
$350 per munth; owner has another business
RDd mutt sacrifice. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^
Krainy si. •
A- $1CM5: CORNER grocery store on Kearny
«t.; full value in sight; a splendid chance
for an Italian. . Call R. . G. WILKE, 26»£
Kearny fct.
A- $7.10: SALOON on Montgomery- St.: piac-
establlshKI yars; o"»nfT clearing about $125
per month; inv-stigate; a bargain. Call R.
G. WILKE. 2C4 Kesrny st.
A--$32r>©: CORNER *aloon on water front; rent
fSO; goo4 lea««"; place established years; in
largo brick building and doing an Al busi-
ness: dl?agrefmcnt of partners only cause of
tale. R. G. WILKE. 204 Kearny_st.
A- $U00O: CORNER saloon: close to Call bldg.:
3 yearn" lease; net rent $120; this Is one of
the brct ealoon locations in this city, and
a live man can clear S.*>"0 per month. Call
R. G. WiLKE. CC^Kearn^st^
A — $1300: CORNER cigar stand on Kearny:
rent SS3: lease; a good business; come and
Investigate. U. G. WILKE. 2«ft Kearny at.
A— $1100; SALOON, with 3 rooms; close to
Kearny and Du*h sts.; rent $75; lease; place
easily clears $200 per month: nice fixtures,
choicest Ktock of liquora. All particulars of
U. G. WILKE. 26'i Kearay st.
A— $C50 : CORNER bakery. with 4 living
rooms; about 2 blocks north of Market St.;
will he sacrificed if sold at once; owners to
leave city. Call R. G. WILKE. 2u'4 Kearny.
A — 1750; CANDY store and icecream parlors,
with stationery, etc.. on Devlsadero .St.; 3
living rooms; a splendid location and good
business. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.'
A— $12C0; COFFEE ealoon and bakery In
choicest location; rent $S0; daily receipts
about $70: a good business, but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26»J Kearay st.
A. CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050
3 Eddy. hi., cor Market and Powell.
Headquarters lor all kinds of business chances.
Oyster aad chop houses... $3.V> to $1000
•""andy and icecream parlors... $200 to $2500
Rarber fhops $500 to $2500
Cigar stands '. . .$.ViO to ? 2000
Groceries and bars : $500 to $50OO
Saloons $:t00 to $10,000
Restaurants $350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $10<H)
Drug (.tores $2000 to $6C00
Delicatessen stores $2.V) to $450i)
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
A FIRST-CLASS opportunity for druggist or
doctor; flne location for drugstore: good fix-
tures, counters and showcase; rent only $60;
business already established; with 6 rooms
and bath In rear; elegantly furnished
throughout: everything complete for hous^r
keeping of>*the best quality; price $1SOO
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mines; flne prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trad*
for nng.-houae or bustneps. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
BEAUTIFULLY .located summer resort: flne
groves; Cti-room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease; raise own hay. vegetables; all
kinds of fruit; rent $500 per year;-equlty- in
this $2500; death in . family cause of sale.
CAMERON & CO. '"*-•.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants In city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day: win
bear lnvertiffatlon; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Kddy gt. ,
FOR sale — Ladles' furnishing and fancy goods
business: cheap rent; well located; estab-
lished IS years; will Invoice $8000; flckness.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Bakery and delicacy store; rent $20;
5 living rooms; established S years: must
leav> city: price to close $250. CAMERON
&. CO.. 3 Eddy, st.
T. J. DUNN * CO.. 1312 MARKET ST.
.; BUSINESS SALES AGENTS.
. Phone Howard 3468.
ICECREAM, candy . and coffee ¦ parlor: near
Chutes; ground rent $25; 2«4 year*' lease-
own* building, mock, furniture and fixtures;
will invoice double the price. $7« r i0. This is
an ofier that is seldom made. DUNN.
CIGAR tjcre near new PostofflceTseVus^about
this at once.' DUNN.
CLEANING works: half lntereptTn~rood~piace
for bale In Oakland. DUNN. ¦ '
WANTKD — Partner: $300; to- help advertise a
money-making business; lady or gentleman.
DUNN. ' .
WANTED— Man of business- . ability with
$3000* or more can secure good investment
and permanent position in well-established,
paying manufacturing business. For further
particulars call in person pr address H ¦ D
PRESSEY. 501 Front «t-. Shn Francisco. Cal.
$3M) SECURES interest In -light office work
whereby party can raslly clear $90 monthly
reference* exchanged; experience not neces-
sary: live man wanted; bona fide proposition
Particulars 1O07H Market st.. room 1.
HOSESHOEING, general bla"cksmlTh shop-
low rent, large shop; stock, tools for sale
cheap, part -cash;, must sell: owner sick
Pacific Business Association. I14S Market et.
$725 BUYS restaurant; all new. fixtures : rent
$20; living-rooms; lease; 'clears $150 per
B.ucUi. Cox 1275 .- Call - ofCca. -
LODCING-HOISE8 FOR SALR
A. CAMERON,&CO. - Phone South 1050.
.3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-Houses, Hotels and
: AH Kinds- of Business Chances.
1 OS rooms; ; cheap rent; "new, and: elegantly
rurnisned; up-to-date • roaming-house; has flne
bar, can be. run In conjunction if desired: rare
chnnce., far right parties- part cash.' balance
can be paid out of the house; other business in-
terests- demand- lmmedlate'departure.
126 rooms; rent only'$4 p»r room: new and
up-to-date house; -all-men;' electric elevator,
Ilghtj; long . lease- clears S400 to $500 per
month: one of. the, best buys In- the city.
- t 19 rcom»: rent only. $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apitrtment-houge; reduced. to $1100.
. 14 rooms; r^nt only $C0- oak furniture: good
carpets; pftrtfeash,- balance time;, price $850.
: 3«rooros; rent $3 50 per room: flrst-class
downtown location; lone . lease: - thoroughly
renovated.and put -In best condition; guaran-
teed^ to clear over $200 per- month! fine oppor-
Jup'ty. 'or- good -Investment: price $2500.
I 20rooir;s;. cheap rent; .close j'n: thoroughly
respectable; all full; dears $100; part cash.
¦ SO rooms; rent- only .$160 : oak and cherry
rur.; une carpets; close:ln;'flne:money-maker.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date" apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing 540O to $600 per 1 month; obliged to leave
city. ¦ - .- . - . ,. ---
'11- rooms; rent $40;. close In; oak. cherry fur-
niture Brussels <arpets; clears $55 over all
expenses: $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
• 40 room«:'elegantly furnished; rent only *250;
oak and mahogany furniture: 60 boarders;
clearing J250 per month; close In; flne buy;
price $(3000. _. . -w .....
' 0 ; rocm«; sunny flat; rent $50; oak, mahog-
any fur.; obliged to leave city; reduced to $661).
"2? rooms: elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing flne -bunlness; will trade for large
apartment-house and Y>ay cash. difference.
7-room flat; rent-$4O; oak; furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350. •.
162 rooms; most elegantly 'appointed apart-
ment-liouse in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; flne entrance; cheap rent: clear-
ing ?400 per month: -5-year lease; part cash,
balances per cent per year.-.
IS roomr; rent $85; north Market; close in:
i¥\(i( mpney " maker : reduced from H1600 to
JK) room*; part offices; elegant new building
and furniture, high-class location: beautiful
nails; everything modern; flrst-class grill In
connection; best ¦ proposition ' In city: ¦ called
East. • •. ¦ ' - ..¦• ...
24- rooms; rent $145;. new. and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; flne proposition;
good lease.
128 roome: cheap rent: long lease; flrst-
clais up-to-date downtown house; well fur-
nished; clfarins $500 to $eoO per month; must
sell on account of other business; only with us.
b rooms: fine upper flat; rent only $30: can
be had by paying $150 down, .balance time;
$430. . .
12tJ rooms; finp downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful (urnltu.-e; 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular, roomers; will bear Investigation.
21 rooms; corner: rent only $S5; oak fur.;
good «-arpets, housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all. expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1000.
50 room*;.ntw; modern 8partment-hous*: 10-
year-lease; cheap rent: clearing $250 to $30U:
very central; flrst-class proposition.
17 rooms; Eills si.: rent 570;. oat^ furniture,
Axralr.sifr carcets; tine condition; clears $80;
flne little buy. .
160 rooTus; beaiitUul corner; 3 and 4 room
apartments;' grand marine- view; new and mod-
ern throughuut; moat elegantly furnished house
in city; call for terms and particulars.
CO rooms; cheap X rent;, new and . beautifully
furnished; modern 'building; close -In; full of
nice pioplc; \'z cash, balance low interest.
75 reoms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheaD rent; 10 years' lease; close In;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance
8 per cent per annum;. departure.
XX rooms: cheap rent; good lease: beautifully
furnished: nt-w -modern building: .very central:
all full; little gem of a house;- leaving city.
ISO rooms: .grand -new ..modern "apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent: fine leaye; paying $500 to $600 per month:
clore In; .full nice people; bargain 1 if taken at
once; dissolution of f%rtnershlp..-
138 rooms; downtown commercial hotel; S
years' ltase; cheap rent; elegantly furnished;
one of the best' opportunities to sreure flrst-
class hotel; owner- has other, business; part
ca^h, balance time. '¦;.''
MARION GRIFFIN,
400 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner 'entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black 3807. or take elevator 4th' floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
We sell any house on our Installment plan.
RESPECTAHLE." uuict an.d clean; 14 flne larjje
rooms; -housekeeping;, rent "?40: clears ii\
. monthly; price $700. Sec MARION GRirTIN.
40 ROOMS. ,
A "2-story house of 40 rooms; good furnish-
ings; all men roomers; rent $110; clears $130
monthly; reduced to $:;00O;.easy to manage.
Also a 17-room house on Van Ness
ave.; rent ¥60; very little work for
landlady: flne appearing house, inside and
out; exquisitely furnished In elegant oak and
mahogany;, rich Brussels carpets; -clears $106.
Exclusively with MARION- GRIFFIN.
31 LARGE sunny rooms; new building; straight
.rtomlng-house. see? Fine location, near
Geary ahd Jones; eminently respectable:
make offer to my agent. MARION GRIFFIN.
20-ROOM house put down to $1000; clean
and full; rent $C0; clears $60' month ;•
sunny side of street. See MARION GRIFFIN.
PERFECTLY appointed liO-room house in a
very central location,, furnished elegantly
April. "1903; electric elevator, electric lights;
liot water In every room; 8-year lease; income
$406 over rent; all large single rooms; room-
. crs all busine* men.* ¦•
MA RION GRIFFIN, room . 406, Hearst bid.
SNAP this. 0 .rooms for v - $250;
5 rooms furnjsned; C blocks north of Market;
rent $35. Call, at 2'p.-m. on- ¦
- . MARION GRIFFIN.
so rooms." ..•,¦¦;.
Newly.- furnished 1 year' ago; • ' $3800;
full 'of men roomers; wide. halls; lease;
very low. reut. -, , •••) MARION .GRIFFIN.
SWELL transient house. -. ,.'" ' -,. ; -
Beautifully furnished: extra . fine hair mat-
tresses; new and. modern buljdlng on sunny
vorner; 24 rooms;.' rent $135.: 'tlrlce $2S0O;
¦ worth $4000 as » ' money-maker.' '
• ' • .' Sec MARION GRIFFIN".
Tilt? swellcst small family hotel. In San Fran-
clscor* reasonable,' rent.", long 'lease; splendid
location; gas,- electricity.' -private- baths,- mag-
nificently furnished and fully .equipped; small
. house, but cliara over $5000 a year, MARION
. GRIFFIN. 400, Hearst building.. >.. . . ,
100 ROOMS; cunny corner; -rent $125. ...$460v>
112 rooms; cl^arn $350;: low- rent. ....... $4500
80 rooms: furniture nearly new....". $3800
15 rooms; flne location, north of -Market. $000
4tS rooms;- In Oakland: -new; rent. $60. ..$2500
12 rooma:,-%; cash: cheap' rent:;;.-: ... ..$»*)
Money to loan on ; furniture. t EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.". '¦
MITCHELL & CO.'. .'. .".-; . .: .'. Phone Jessie 2981
- -•¦' > . 120ti Market »st.-, opposite Sixth.
. T ¦ :• NOTICE.':" K- ¦: .'¦¦
We- have apartment-houses," rooming-houses
and fiats to exchange.' Call and' examine our
llst.^.--. ,.--j'j \. ¦;..:¦'-. ¦.'..>-¦';:%.¦¦•,".¦.''
16-ROOM -house," *: close "in.'i'cheap ¦• rent, good
lease, no >-acant' rooms, "for $1200; ¦ payments
monthly.: Address box. 2760,; Call, offlce. ; ;
HOUSE. 25 rooms; .furniture .In good condition;
rooms alt "full: well rented; .north of Market
at. ". Uox 4163.' Call of flee. < -¦ ¦'¦ ' ¦
A ' 19-ROOM: boarding-house,' full . of boarder"
and' 15 day boarders..; 663. Howard -st. . :'.
TAYLOR, GIS^— 12 well-furnished rooms and
bath clears $40 and your 2 rooms; reasonable.
16 BOOMS: rent' $80-'" water free; 2^-year
. lease; furnished new; make offer.: 323 Taylor.
A BRANCH office of .The Call for the reception
,-¦ of advertisements and subscriptions has been
I opened .at ,1008- Market. St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until .I! d. ma^: : ¦¦ .-!,?•>- ,
. CItOTHnrO WETX OTATHrO.
SUITS .'cleaned*; and Dressed, fl ; : scouring < And
I dyeing.-' Bon* Marche. 40 Ellis St.. room 14;
' -l>hon« Drnmm.44/i Call for and* deliver free.
.' ,•¦•^-¦^^¦_CTOlI^Bim1TTOP3^^•-^-^ •;"_::.. f _.v
V/HO7— Hunter, 120« Market st.'; $100; rupture
'. cure for $10: circular explains: rend for. one.
. SAN FRANCISCO." March 1. 1902.' :
Mr.. 'A. .Hunter — Dear. t Sir: ; >The rupture
. holder ¦ I • bought { from 1 you ' cured " my rupture
; In 90 days.-' I have discarded the ' holder, hav-
1 ing no; more use; for U.'. 'I : feel like a new
; -man' since I- was cured.; YQurs, truly; '. •
1 HELP TVAiyTgP-^-yEMALB— Co».
COOK delicatessen; sleep home....... ..•••••|33
Cook, private place, Eureka; no washlns.$40
3 cooks. German famlllea ¦¦¦"«^
Cook. 6 adulta; no washing iAA'rvJ
4. second girls -r"'i,"^:'" JTft
Maid. and seamstress; sleep- home »-w
2 kitchen helpers • Jjr
Colored . nurse girl • "A"," » «ta
Nurse, grown children. San Kafael M«
Nurse. 2 children, San Jose »•«'
Housekeeper. 2 priests -• "T'lSJ
. Laundress for private family. ..... •'•¦¦¦f™
Chambermaid and waiting, country ho«l.*-j»
3 chambermaids and waiting, city hotels. |2O
Cook, 8 men. country hotel *f*
Woman and child, ranch • •«•
Cleaning woman, institution.: .....?_-«
48 general housework girls. «lty and «°" n "
try ' . .?2U-«A>-?»V
Apply' to'j.'T. CROSETT tt CO.. 334 Sutter.
AV COS Mason st.— MRS. WALSER: tel. Black
1533— Girl, housework and cooking. 2 in
family. |20-$25; cook. S in family. $30; air!
for housework, sleep home. *5 week; house-
work. ,po cooking. <20. • .'' ¦
A— WANTED— Girls to learn oalrdresstng.
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
Weat. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for sprint; sea-
son ; both seasons taught from start to finish.^
in -1 month for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at SlOperwkn?:
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. IS.
A— LADIES to learn all branches hairdresser
trade, manicuring. . massage, etc. 1238 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve, class; call.
WANTED — Experienced dry goods sa!*«wo-
men. Apply betwean 9 and 11 a. ta. at
HAXE BROS/ ¦
WANTED — A youn* woman who Is an experi-
enced dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— Young woman who Is an experi-
enced art goods saleswoman. Apply between
9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
LADIES wanted everywhere, eopylnjr Utters
at home, evenings or spare time and return
to us: no mailing or canvassing: $9 weekly
earned; materials free; lndos* self-addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co., No.
W 4 Ninth St.; Philadelphia. Paj
WANTED^ — To as.slst In general housework, a
' young Protestant girl; good hozna; 4 In fam-
ily; wages $17. Call Thursday and Friday
forenoons, '251 Scott st. -
A GIRL to help at bushellng. S. I*. WOOD A
CO.. corner Powell and Eddy sts. >¦"; v. *
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework
and children; $15. 1636 Waller st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; no
window clean.; small laundry. 1303 Octxvia.
ELDERLY lady or young girl wanted for light
housework. Apply 1316 Central ave. . V." .-
EXPERIENCED coat neamstress. alteration
department. LIVINGSTON BROS.. Post st.
WANTED — German girl for general housework
and cooking. 1183 Filbert at. - f
WANTED — A young lady as an assistant to
dressmaker. Call at 106 Third ave.. R.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies ia chil-
dren's hats and cape. Apply at cr.es. S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st.
WANTED — Pants finishers. Apply at eeee at
S. N. 'WOOD & CO.'S. 49 Oeary st.
WANTED — Pants operators. Apply at once,
S. N. WOOD & CO.; 49 Geary st.
FINISHERS on coats wanted. 27 Geary et.
8. y. WOOD & CO. '- - •
WANTED — A nurse for child about 2 years of
. age; must come well recommended and unln-
cumbered; good place for one who. desires a
. good home; state age. experience and salary
expected. Apply box 1416. Call offlce.
TOUKG girls who have experience In wrapping
dry goods and- underwear; steady positions;
$25* month. I. MAGNIN & CO.. 43-53 Ellis.
A SECOND girl wanted to take^eare of baby
and >lo upstairs work; good home for right
party. Apply box 1413. Call offlce.
GIRL or woman assist or fer housework: 3 In
family. Apply evening*. 1560 ' Fell st.
EDUCATED woman, $50 month salary ruarsn-
. teed. 637 Bush St.. room 611, 9 a* m.-2 p. m.
YOUNG girl for housework: 3 In 'family; n<y
.. washing; $15. Call 2172 Green st. .
WANTED — 2 good- sowers for dressmaking.
Room K, 6 Eddy st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Can branch office, cor. Duncan ft Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for th« reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market at., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WASTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN .4 CO.'S Employing Office
429 Bush St 642 Clay St.
FOR NEVADA. .--•--
. FREE FARE REMAIN FOUR MONTHS.
Teamsters, laborers, rockmen $2, $2 50
FOR ELECTRIC RAILROAD.
Teamsters, laborers $1 75
R. R. blacksmith 13 day
PLANING MILU COETNTRT.
Stickers, bench hands, molders, planing men.
. see party here .......Union wages
. Bridge carpenter $3 day
'¦Six-horse teamsters, $30 found; farmers
vineyard, plow with 1 or 2 horses $23
Eheepherdera ..$35 >49
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Assistant day clerk, tnmmtr resort . .$40, $50
Night clerk, country hotel $35, $40
Steward and. head waiter, summer rasort-175
Head waiter, country hotel ¦. $eo
• First and second cooks, resorts.... $100, $S0
Second cook, country hotel, one who can
do pastry J50
Broiler, $60; second and third cooks. $40* $50
Polisher, country laundry ....$40, free fare
Laundryman. Institution, city $3,%
Dlshwashers,country hotel & resorts $30 fZX
Elevator boy. country hotel, free fare, $20
Evpertenced - bell-boy ••»%
Day porter, flrsfclass hotel $45
C \,.£-«, HA . N J !EN ''*' CO '' Employm't Offlc»,
. 429 Bush St 642 Clay St.
i A— ERRAND boy for this office. C. R HAN-
SEN & CO., 429 Bush et. :
AN- experienced shlpptnr clerk; wholesals
house; $60; one experienced In grocery line.
C. R. HAXSEX A CO., 429 Bush st.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCT.
526.— Montgomery st. — 523.
Phone Main 1191— Upstairs
SEE BOSS HERE TO-DAT.
NEVADA— CHEAP FARE— Few $1— « hoars
20 teamsters and rockmen. $2 23; 10 laborers!
$2. ship to-night. Government work
8ANTA FE R. R.— 5 laborers— FREE FARE.
Sticker hand. $4; planerman. $4. country, »e#
party, here .to-day; 3 coopers; 13 fata hand*
and teamsters, also 5 milkers, $28 ta $40 aa-J
found; 5 woodchoppers. everything furnished.
$1 25 cord, 4-ft. pine: 4 woodchoppers mine
$1 25 day and found; 2 machine miners, 8
hours. $90: 4 hand' miners. $73, south; 3
muckers. $75, 8 hours, north;* 5 • mucker*
south. $60: 2 stablemen, private places, coun-
try, $25 and found, easy Jobs: sheep shearer
big Job, 7c head; cook and chores. „ ranch; 2
blacksmiths, also blacksmith's helper, coun-
try shop."
SPECIAL— Call early with blankets— « la-
borers, new work — FREE FARE $2.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGEXCT^
14 Third st. (near Call bid.), phone Bush 408.
- THE STATE OF NEVADA.
CHEAP FARE — REFUNDED. ' "
• , U. S. GOVERNMENT WORICV,-
25 teamsters. $67 50 a month.
15 laborers. $60 a month. '
- 10 drillers. . rockmen. hammer-men. $75. . "-¦
Foreman for rock quarry. $75 a month.*-*
Kitchen 'helper, city. $25 a month and fonnlx
Camp waiter, city. $25 a month and found.
Baker for camp, Nevada, $50 a mon and ti.
. CREW FOR .BIG SAWMlljI* "
Edgerraan. $60 a month and found.
10 yardhands and lumber handlers. $33 * ft
«„;-¦ SHIP TO-DAT- ' " v:-
Benchband. $4 5O a day. -
' Door molder, $5 a day. - - - .
Planer stick tr-han.i. $5 a day.'
2 carpenters, near city. $3 50 a 'day;
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 14 Third ft. \
SIX fmen and wives, for ranches .and private
. places. : $40. $45.\ $5O . and $C0 and found:-."
slackwork coopera. tV per- barrel; blacksmith
and sheer. f2 5O day and. board-; old man to
care for place, $5 and board; H milkers $50
$;:5 and $40 and found: farmers; -lauTidry-
man. $35 and found: .'! boarding-house cooks
$40 and found; restaurant second cook $16
week; potwasher. $7 week; kitchen maa' for
camp, $30 and found; waiter for club $45-
and others.. J. F. CROSETT & CO.', «CS
Sacram*nto N i>t.
AT CONTRACTORS' -AGENCY
v J»5 , THIRD ST Telephone ! Main 5521.
5 shovel' men. near city line. $2 and $2 25
YoUng man. help engineer, city hotel. $20 fit
Cook, city boarding house, $40 and found
"Railroad teamsters. new.camp..Cal...$2 *2 "5
Ranch hands. Sonoma Co.. $1 25 and found
Drillers, not far from city, $2 50 and $2 75.
— • fre« fare.
Mockers, near «-ity. $2. • free fare.
HORD &. SMITH.
A— HOTEL, N OAZETTE, ' 2« Montgomery.' r. 12.
Cafe cook. x $100; second cook, $75; head por-
ter, country . hotel. t?- L
. IPIRITUALISlf.
MRS. DR.rMARTIN. wonderful spiritual healer
A buslnees med'ra, read dally $1; dev'p'g class
_Thuit>; ti p.m.; tel. Geary 934;.1006B G.G. ave.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night, 10c; 619 McAllleter^come, skeptlca.
MRS." LESTER'S test circle S p.' m., 10c; read-
Ings dally, 25c and SOc. 122 Taylor st. : ¦•
EDWARD E A RLE. 1052 Ellis. -readings, dally.
. 9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
«late-wrlter. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 8S7.
CLAIRVOYANTS, - " '•' •
THE FUTURE REVEALED, M
! THE PAST DISCLOSED. , \:
THE PRESENT ANALYZED
.BY LIVINGSTONE,
428 -Eddy st. V . '
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living page of Flammarlon's treatises that
- is so. electrify ing. the world to-day., . HE IS
NO IMlTAT(^t. His work is upon original
lines; PURE THOUGHT.' CLEAR VISION.
He TELLS YOU WHAT YOU DESIRE TO
¦ KNOW, AND WORKS IN THE W OPEN
I LIGHT, AND IS AS CONSPICUOUS FOR
. ITS WONDERFUL OCCULT' ANALYSIS AS
IT IS FOR ITS ORIGINAL EXPRESSION
AND VIVID TRUTHFULNESS. -.
A test reading Is not a life reading. When
you call on TROF. LIVINGSTONE he; will
give you a full life reading for $1.. A test Is
; of little value .when the mind 1 is troubled —
.you need more substantial aid "and advice.
This is just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE
gives you when you 'call on him: for. a ftrst-
class clairvoyant reading.- He asks you no
questions, but tells you- what you wish to
know. ' • • -. .
He does not mention all the ; ills, and mis-
fortunes j-ou are'heir to.- You are acquainted
with the facts in your case. ¦ Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
; troubling, you, find the cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy. -.
. ¦' Remember the number— 423 EDDY ST.
Hour?, 10 t a. ,m. to S p. m. .-.- .
assured success for you. - ¦¦ f ' . .
¦ Call at once and save $4. > • '
1I!j amous $5 reading this week for
SI ¦ ?l ' *1 $1 $U '-- ?1 $1 , : fl
N>> charge .No charge
Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him. •. "
• . PAUL DESTINE, ¦'
The Cr?t registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever in -San Francisco.
Read carefully. • An honest proposition. !
(You to be full judge.).
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarante* to
make '10 cnarpe if 1 fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and' what you called for; I tell you it.
husband, wife or. lover Is true cr' false; who
and when you, wilt marry; hnw to'galn the love
o( the on* you desire; "In fact, ".-I will tell -ou
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell ycursc-lf: his advice is reliable, his pow-
ers art- wonderful and indisputable; he Im-
proves your character so that you will reach
the highest possible development . In menta;
vigor, health, happiness and. capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power -Implanted in
your nature, so ycu can change the intentions,
actions or habits Of any One, secretly; cures
disease and lost vitality: gives advice on min-
ing and burled treasures; gives you success In
iif** k Ucir3 n t »'**s you success ¦. on cb&rccs
nothing for his setvlces.
10 a. m. to S p. m.; Sundays. 2 to 6.
V."6 — O'Farrell street — 326. •
ISMAIL' the Egyptian gj-pay. clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st. cor. Tuik; private readings daily, 10 a.
m. to S D. m,: readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In Derson; 3 questions answered, .-SI;
full lire, $5: send, lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency; send postofflce.
Wells- Fargo, money order or registered letter.
A— MME. .POKTEH; celebrated clairvoyant me-
dium and card reader, born with a double
veil and second sight,, tells past, present and
future; 1. 50c, g. by card* $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sit., ?1 50. 312 Mason, nr: Geary.
A--Miss M Wille, 4CO Geary, clairvoyant crys--
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-:
t^on. names, given: special, $t; hours 10 to S.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clair. and palm.;
has second sight; \a wonderful prophetess;
names; 1. 60c, g:$l. ,714 Franklin, nr. G.G. ave.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly,
advice given on All affairs of life;' satisfac-
tion guaranteed; 25c-up. ' 17 3d, next Exam.
Mrs.A.H.Kr<;nenb»rg,palmlst, clalrx-oyant, card
ieadcr;when others fall try r-e: good readings
10c. 721 Franklin.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life: business ad-
vice; names glv^n; 25c up. S35 Howard st:
MISS 'WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts; readings daily. 917 Market et.
MRS BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader,' re-
moved from 132 to 2'JVj Cth; 1. 25c. g. 50c,
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2G'-4 Kearny, room 20; ladles 25c: gents SOc.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladies 23c;
gents 50c; hours 10 to 9. 120 Sixth st. ' -
MKS. BAUMANN, 1 the well-known fortune-
teller, ia now at ."517 Ellis at— - •
MRS.1SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader, sit-
tings daily. 44SV- JessI? st.. bet. Sty and 6th.'
ADVERTISEMENTS, subserlptlons received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan 4^ Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1003, Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
DENTISTS. ¦ . • • •
Dri GRUSS, B16 Callaghan bldg.. Market and
McAllister sts.. uses tbe Bastard obtunder;
¦ the only device ever invented for grinding,
drilling and excavating t^eth without pain.
Call for demonstration. Tel. Jessie 3606.
DR. .LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when, plates are
made; old. plates made over like new; teeth
f rcm $8 per tet: extracting 50c: gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs: crown/ $3 50; fillings, 50c:
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors." 24 Sixth.
ELITE Dental Parlors. 838 Market st.; beat
and cheapest offlce for all dental operations.
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 50 up: crowns. »2 up: nlUnga.25c
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. »surgeon-dentlst.r.l4,lst
floor. Phcian bid.. SOB Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD Bllinirs 78c: silver. 85e: crowns. $2: no
pain: open Sundays. Pr.O.B.Hewltt.2Q4 SuttT.
EDUCATIONAL."- -
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study In the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departmejts. , 'Thorough. • Inspiring
instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. iWl-
925 Golden Gate ave. ¦ •¦ ,-">: - .',¦ ¦ ' ; '>
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; established 18 years; theschool that
secures- positions for graduates; just" added 25
.- new typewriters; catalogue- free. . ¦
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST,. 8.
F.- -Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch ' typing.
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue -free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position: Gregg
' shorthand Ellis bookkeeping.. S.F. Business
College. 1236 Market st. • ¦ /
LEARN SPANISH-, in 2 months:^ classes .in
French and Spanlah r $5 a month. , ¦ ¦•
B. F. AMES Teacher of 'Languages.
268 Golden Gate - ave.. cor. ' Hyde at.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elcc, mln.. mecti.; «ur-
vey assay,, cyanide; day. ev.-.'est. 1864. .Van
. der'Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.. : Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays. .Louise Foster's
. School of Dancing, -156U Market, .nr/ Larkin.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh 1 Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1382 Market: catalog.
WESTERN Business College -.Odd Fellows', bid.;
.. bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth.,
spelling, writing, etc; day. eve:; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of MInes&Electrlclty. 24 Post
. St.. S.'F.; a practical school of engineering;
' complete , equipment. Special catalogue free.
SPANISH— A practical and progressive method.
RAFAEL SERRANO.'MO, California, -r.' 4.
GUITAR, mandolin' and . piano. $3 .per. mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. . 823 Haight.at.;
icHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION —Day, and
TARTINGTON'S. . 424 Pine tt.— Night class.
PIANO les&ons, 25c half hour.-- MRS.. PECK*
: experienced teacher. : 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
. Call. lO^pages, sent -to any ..address- ln^ the
. United States or, Canada . one . year • for . |1,
, •- postage paid.'. . ¦¦¦". ¦:'.• ' .* ¦ •¦--'... ¦¦•¦
EMfLOYMEMT , OFFICE8.
G^RG^A^KT^l^Po^'sT?T^^^sn^35^
¦ Japanese-Chinese ;:. employment s. offlce; fur-
'¦¦ nishes best help: contracts for, farm help; etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese-
Chlnese help. , 42« Powell st. Tel.- Main 5752.
FRU"55'S - Emp.* Offlce; Japanese and Chinese.
help. 415 Stock ton, st. "Tel. Qrant.163. /¦
RELIA BLE Japanese-Chinese * Employment I Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CH INESE and Japanese . help; cstab. : . 20 years.
1 ,, Tel; Main li)!»7.H» '— -=^ /, CO..- 613 Clav.
¦ — ¦ _____———
JOSS D. SFRECTCEItS. Proprietor.
7tiitg*ttaffiMMK^M IDHI MCSADGHT. foragr
tj. MARTIN Buslnesa Manager
TEX DOLLARS REWARD.
AoUIy Tbe Call Office if You 3Iiss
Vonr Pa;.vr.
Zt tot any cause THE CALL is not de-
livered resralarly to «ub«crl«er« pleale
call up "CAX.& EXCKA2TGE" and notify
Subscription Clerk la char*«. Tour com-
plaint will rocelve prompt attention.
A Btandlnr reward of Ten Dollar*
rsio.00) Is offered for the arrest and
conviction of any one caugHt aitealinc
THE CALL.
TELEPHONE.
Ara fer THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department Tou Vlsh.
rubUcetlon Offlce Market and Third, S. F. j
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Steveneon «t.
Delivered by Carrier* 20 Ct«. Per W***. 78
Cts. Per Month. Single Coplee » O° l ff ..,,
Term* by Mall. Including Postage (Ca«h Twin
Order): . „
DAILT CALL flnelud. Sunday). 1 year...*8OT
DAJLT CALL (inelud Sunday). « mos 4.w
X5AJLT CALL— By Single Month
BTJKPAT CALL. 1 Tear --JJJ
f£££J^£%Z&* * T^r-kitr 0 .
poptL?? A Sunday. 4.15 Per Tear Extra
POSTAGE. We eklr. 1. 00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMAFTERF ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Bample Copi M will be forwarded when re-
¦Mstefl,
Mall eubsertbers In ordering change- of ad-
<r**e should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS la order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their r«-
CUeci
OAKLA>*D OFFICE: </W( .
111S Broadway Telephone Stain 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
H4S Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: . |
tAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waicorf-Astorta Hotel; A. BrenUno, 31
TTnlon Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth -ave-
nue Hotel and Hoffman Houee.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
(Sherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Treniont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer Home.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATTVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS.-MarQuette Building
<Long Distance Telephone. "Central 261».">
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE.
*TEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Trtbun* Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third Btreeti; open
unul 12 ©'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JOOK Market street, opposite Firth; open until
11 p. m.
C27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
imtll 8:30 p m.
SfO Hayes etreet; open until J>:SO p. m.
€SJ» McAllister «reet; open until 9:30 p. jn.
«15 Larkin ttreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
!W1 Minion «treet: open until 10 p. m.
Sf.l Market etrvet. corner Sixteenth; open
vir.-i; 8 p. m.
:nr; Ele\enth street: open until 9 p. Hi.
lCSHJ «reet; open until 8 p. m. '
North^ait corner Church and Duncan iireeti;
cp«n i;:itil 9 p. m.
Ncrthweft corner o? Tv.mxy-fcor.i and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 8 p. m.
?^JO Fillmore etreti; open until 8 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS I.llWIXG TOWN
ixm thi: sr.MM 1:1:.
C&IiL subscribers contempl&tinz ft j
chaare d reslflcnce dnri^c the summer |
months can have their caper forwarded ;
by mail to their new address by notify- I
In? TKI CALL Business OJScc. This j
caper -nil! also be on sale at all summer ¦
resorts r.ccl is represented by 'a local
af ent ia all towns on the coast.
iii;eti.\u notices.
CAUFQBK1A Ixsdgp No. I. V. nnd A. m
M.. w.ll racei THIS (TlUnsKA Y> VtT
EV:;MNXi At 7 ;3O. o'clock. Sicond/V\
dcjjrer.
J RANKL1N H. DAY, Secretary.
LA PAI5PAITI: UNION Lodge. No. 17, o
F. and A. M.— -<'*l!rd meeting Kltl-ySf
' PAY EVENING. April 12. 8t <» /V\
«>'clt"'k. I - irrt dp£ro«-. llv order of the
W. M. 1". BT. JL'LIKN, Secretary.
1IDELITY Lodge No. 12«. F. and A. o
M.— H;iec'.al nieetlng THIS •THl'US-'iAf'
I)AY» EVENING, at ":S0 oVlock. /VN
Third deer**. Master Masons cordially
invited. By order of the W; M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
KOCTB SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. n
£12. F. and A. M.. meets THIS Vt^
• THURSDAY) KVENING. at 7:30^^\
o'clot.U. for third degree. Master Ma-
M>nE cordially Invited. By order of the Mas-
ter. . E. C. HARE, Secretary.
DOBXC Lodge No 216. F. and A. M. — e
Third A*%tv* THIS < THURSDAY) VV
KVENING. 7:30 oclock. Master Ma-/V\
»">t;s cordially invited. Hy ordrr of the
Master. J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
ETARR King Lodge No. 344. F. and A. «
M., SIT I>evl8«dero et. — Third degree *^V"
THIS "THURSDAY) KVENING, at /V\
7:.1O o'clock. Master Masons are cor-«
diclly in\itod. By order of tbe W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
MJfcSION Lodge No. 1CT. F. and A. f3
M.— Ofn<-en« and lnenberB are hereby Vy
n"tifi«l to attend the funeral of our fNr\
<W-«-a«>»*1 brother. GKOTWE FRANCIS
IIANSKLL. from tho hall of this lodee on
- THURSDAY AFTERNOON at 1:30 o'clock.
By or<W of the W. M.
R. E. ALLAN, Secretary.
OFFTCEttfl and menibere of San Fran- *
cif=<^> «-hapt»r No. IM, O. E. 8.. arf^n^ I
hpr»h\ nntifled to attend the funeral
i'n'1-c of Ulster E^'ELINE SCIIOON- *^
MAKER, from the Flnrt Congregational
«"riunh. Past and Mason sts. TO-DAY, at
I :«<« p. pi. By order of the Worthy Matron.
JOSEfKINE WALWQRTH. Secretary.
ALI> mrrnbTH of the Past Grande" -*'-^^-^ i^
.«.«-:-'• in: : .t n. I. O. O. F., art- — "/^jfctjii^*
'i'i»"'1 to in< ct in thr read Ing-
. vtitn oT th" I. O. O. F. building.
. Seventh and Market sts.. on THURSDAY
KVENIN-:. April 21. at 8 o'clock, for the
imrpo?' 'f ikying a fraternal visit^to Abou
B*-n Atfhetsi Lodre No. 112.
\V. A. S. NHUIOLSON. President.
W . I. BR'iBECK. Secretary.
OOLUl.N OAIT: Ixxige No. 3. K. of .<*•
P.. wi'l <-onr«r the Knight rank^^^y
<!<>:.* >in'l by tbe team of Unity Tfifcy
! < -ii.. K'M<;ht at P>thlan Cap- jji>&
Uc. Visitlns Knights invited. •mja*""*..
JOE ROSENBERG. C. C
¦1 ! y.'i'Ar McCREDT. K. or R. and S.
tCOTtCE <>' annual meeting of Mercantile Trust
Company of Kan Franci«oo — The regular an-
nul n.-rting of the Stockholders of the
Mercantile Trust Company of Ban Francisco
«:U oe bsld on WEDNESDAY. April 27
1P04. st \2 .o'clock noon, at the office of
tYf covr.Dzry, 4C4 California etreet, Ean
rraacltco. California, for the purpose of
fjectlnr a Board of Directors to **rve for tbe
cns-J.ng >ear. and for tbe transaction of cuch
f\\'i b'jtlnefs aa may come before the raeet-
lr£. "
Transfer books will close on Saturday
. April J6..J&O4. at 12 o'clock noon
Dattd Acr'l 11. l!>04.
JOHN D. McKEE. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of tbe shareholders of
• the Fan Francisco Gks and Electric Cctn-
i»ny l«r ih* election of directors and the
trariradlon of such other business as - nay
roree before it will be' held at the offlce of
ii»e 1 < uij.«!.> . <;.*> Post Ft., in the city of San
Frari<-lM-©. «;ai., at 1 :30 o'clock p. m.. April
2t>. i!Ki4. The transfer books of the cora-
• i-inv will be rloBod irem April 16 to and in-
cluding April 2«. 190*.
<RlKne<!» CHAS. L. BARRETT. Tec
Dated San Francisco, April 12, 1804.
ANNUAL MEETING— Tbe annual meeting of
the »to«-k holders of the El Rico Mining Com-
. par;y will be held on MONDAY, the 2d day
of May. 1JKH. at the hour of 2 o'clock In the
xMrrnrnn. at the offices of the said company,
2C!> CTtx-ker building, city and county of tv*n
T-Yaiv-lkco. State of California. S. D. WOODS
t-K-retary. Dated April 18. 100<.
CHICIPKPT and best «n Arn«>rloa— The Weekly
«^sll. \*i VHor, sent to any address In tbe
Unlled StatfB or Canada one year for >1.
• AUTOMOBILES.
SECOND-HAND ' automobiles In . flrst-daM
•b«r<e for sale cheap. Inquire at 20 Golden
Cate ave.; phone Howard STL
YOU DON'? NEED A FOimJlNli T© PIMCE Wm IN THE
BTJSI.XESS CHAXCKS— Continued. L
A— STRANGERS, ATTENTION!. '
Are you looking, for a- safe and, profitable
business opening in San | Francisco? If . so,
we can offer you any. number requiring an
investment from $100 to* $5<t,(JO0;. every busi-
ness opportunity that passes-through our of-
flce muft stand the closest inveEtlgallon. and
we can place you in a store, ; factory, hotel,
mill, offlce. or. In fact,, any business you
may prefer.
OERMANIA INVEST. CO.,, 927 Market st. .
A— BANK AND COMMERCIAL references.
GEHMANJA UJVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A GOOD -OPENING
For a young. man who can invest $500 In a
high-class real estate. offlce and fill position
of caahler; experience 'not necessary; invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., »27 Market st.
A— WE WILL FURNISH YOU A BOND.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 827 Market st.
A— SHIPPING AND TRANSPORTATION. -
A business man who can < Inveet $5000 ca»h,
with «er\1cea, can secure good opening with
high-class company in this city.
OERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A— WE CAN FURNISH TOU A PARTNER.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A— HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; 80 rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing-room with 16 tables and Imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buy
throughout; .finest linen and best silver .ser-
vice; 10 years' lease; $10,000; easy term*
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market.
A— WE CAN SELL YOUR STOCK.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st..
A— $100 REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof showing that
any person ever lost a dollar who invested
any money in or through our company.-
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY. /
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock, $50,000.
027 Market st.. rooms 321. 322. "323. 324.
A— ONLY HIGH-CLASS INVESTMENTS.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A— 2 PER CENT. MONTHLY
On investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rlch-qulck" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estab. S years In S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A — WE refer to 10,000 successful clients.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and sen-ices secure interest and
offlce of treasurer in an incorporated realty
and Investment company; $150 monthly as-
eured; highest inferences given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. "927 Market st.
A— WE CAN SELL YOUR BUSINESS. .
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market Bt.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION!
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? .If so. we cai
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will Invest from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A— Largest brokerage company on Pacific Coast
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A— THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold stock of the Northern Bay
Co.. $25; will be worth $200 by August. 1901.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO-, 027 Market st.
ELEGANTLY fitted cigar stand; only one on
prominent transfer corner, front of beautiful
saloon, open all night* will sell for Invoice
price lej«s than $.*;50. Inquire .afternoons,
301 Turk et^
BOOKS, stationery, etc.; $7500 stock in moun-
tain city; genuine bargain to cash buyer. See
.manager. 10 to 11 a.- m..- at Cunningham,
Curti" & Welch" no brokers.
A GROCERY store for sale; good fam'.ly trade;
owner retiring from business: rent reason-
able; 15 years in business. Owner. 1231 Park
ft.. Alameda. Cal.
FOR SALE — A small hotel. ¦ furnished, on
Beach Hill. Santa Cruz; also furnished cot-
tase for rent. Address "J. S.." 66 Wash-
ington st.
WANTED — To lease a hotel; country preferred.
Box 4113. Call offlce.
BAKERY for sale in a good country town, on
account of sickness; $200 to $300. Inquire
408 McAllister st.
WANTED — A side line for southern mines and
Southern California; liquors preferred. Box
1415. Call office. ¦ '--
$1300 — BEST- PAYING wholesale and retail
candy store In city; full value; must sell to-
day. BROOKBANK. 017 Market et. •_
PARTNER by Alaska miner who Is going there
soon: narty must have some money. Inquire
7.T0 Hyde st.
$250 — HALF Interest in massage business; good
locality; would sell whole if. required. 764
Larkin £t.
BAKERY at a barealn If sold this week; sick-
ness cause of Eelltng: baking 10 barrels a
week; rent $35. 17C Second st.
$1W.O — GROCERY and bar: horse and wagon
and livirg rooms attached: in Western Addi-
tion; for sale. Box C0S6, Call offlce. j
WANTED — A general merchandise store In a
Email town in California: raining town pre-
ferred. Box S013. Call offlce. -' "
WANTED — To buy a nay and craln business
either whole or half interest. Address, with
particulars, box 3578. Call office. .
$1000 — DELICACY store: average receipts over
$22 50 per day; best location in city. Box
4183,. Call office. '
$175 — FINE corner clsar stand; flne stock;
good trade; see owner. 118 Third -at.
SALOON— Good business; established SO years;
price cheap; investigate this. 330 Main. at.
SPECIAL bargain; Falcon on Sixth St., beloi-
Folsom. Apply 112 'Ellis, between 2 and "V
HALF interest old established real estate offlce
In Berkeley. P. O. box Itt2. Oakland.
FOR sale — Coffee and chop house, with cash
register. $t)0. C42 Commercial st.
GERMAN or American partner with $1000;
mfg. business; $200 month. Box 1351. Call.
A GOOD investment for man or woman. Per-
fume Palace. 775 Market st.
FOR Kale — Delicatessen store on a prominent
street : ¦ rood trade. Box 3627. Call -office.
WANTED — A delicatessen store: well estab-
lished. Box 4.'47.' Call office. : '_
WANTED— To buy a dairy with pasture and
stock: give full particulars. Box 4131, Call.
WANTED — Good carpenter as partner; plenty
work H373 Eighteenth st.
$300— FLORIST store: cstab. 5 years; rent $18;
2 living rooms; good location. Box 1409, Call.
SALOON for sale — $800. Inq. 11 a. m.. Golden
l.agl". Din. Co., cor. Pine and Montgomery.
DELICATESSEN and restaurant; flrst-class
location. Apply 414 Jones st. - ,
FOR sale — Grocery and bar; $1100; good loca-
tion. Box 1733, Call. . ...
$350 — CANDY and icecream store, '2593 Mission
Bt.- Inquire at 270S Twenty-fourth st.
CAlt PKT UUATI KG A\D CLEAN II* O.
COMl'KEShED air and vacuro system now
vniverfally used In cleantng carpets on
noor; without removal; price-- moderate- S
K. Compressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Mar-
ket St.; tel. Main 152, Bush 47». , - • ,
WHEN you become disgusted 'With you work
w-nd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 -Tchama su; tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st., clean-
Ing & laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works 1800 Har-
rison ft.: Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. MUslon 125.
CONKLIN'S Superior Caroet- Beating Works,
S33 Golden Gate ave. : telephone • East 126.
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses mad* over.^432 Howard;tel.South 21(5.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
,tel. Main 304. GEO.-WALCOM & CO.. Props!
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable.- 1703 Harrison st.: tel. Mission 263.
COEEEOTIOM joryiCEB. ;--
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made-
city- cr . country. «- Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel." Main 5580.
. CJtEPIT CI»OTJi-UBBJ. -. % :
C F. ADAMS CO. ~~"~ ~" ¦-;..- > ,-.. ¦¦''"¦
SPECIAL CREDIT. STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
*hoet>; everything up to ' date at*, cash ¦ price*
Credit, for all. 318 Mason st.
DitKSvMAKERS A>U SliA.HSi'KESSKj
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting; double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor: tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking &. Millinery School—
Caxurna cm to measure: eve. class. 1011 Mkt. 1THE SAN* FRANCISCO CALL,. THURSDAY, APRIL 21, 1004.
13
HI-: a I. KST.tTK C1TV Fittt SALLf.
G. H. VSiBSBX tc CO. 9> Uontcomerr st.
', At'CTION
AUCTION*
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of residence. Investment and uniniii »»»<
properties will be held at our salesroom. S$os-
day, April 25. 1301. at 12 o'clock noon.
REFEREE BALE.
The three following properties must b« cold.
No Increased bid can be oil-red In court after
this sale:
No. L
330 Capp st.. east line, near 13th: a rood 2-
story residence cf 9 rooms aad bath; rent $39
per month; lot 3Oxl22:«. - '.
No. 2. •
Co*©. PreclU «nd Bernal aves.; large hoi4-
lns; 100x210; 3 frontages.
No. ::. ¦ • •
ALAMKDA COUNTY RANCH.
The following ranch. located 4 miles ncrth-
ea*t of LiviTtnore. ccnslsts of iS3 acre» # b'Jr.g
portion of sections X and 4. Township 3 South.
Range S East. M. D. B. & M.; also tn* right
Ot way 25 feet wide, over the road, as at pres-
ent traveled from ' the northerly line of th*
above described property to th* ccunty road
near schoclhoufte on the northerly portion cf
said section.
CHOICE ELLIS-ST. FLATS.
1310 Ellis st.. north line, -near Lag-una: 3
modern fiats of C-7 rcoma and bath eacb. wit)*
high basement, which could readily be con-
verted into another flat; present rents $60 per
month; lot 20x120; 2 frontages; bank men-
tags $5000 at 0 per cent can remain.
. . TAYLOR-ST. FLATS.
1120-22 Taylor et., east line-/ near Sacra-
rnento; 2 modern flats of ft-7 rooms and bath
each; rents $75 per month: lot 22:&xS0; thas«
flats are nicely located, being only 1 block
from the ntw Fairmont Hotel.
PLEASANT-ST. FLATS.
7&-81 Pleasant St., .between Taylor .and
Jones, Sacramento and Clay: 2 desirable flats
cf 0-7 rooms and bath each; rented low at
$38 per month; lot 23:6x60.
FOLSOM-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
1213-17 Folsom at., near 8tb: 2 stores and
flats of 6 rooms and bath; rented tow at $4O
per month; lot 2."xCO.
CHOICE UN1ON-ST. RESIDENCE.
2237 Union St.. near Flllmore; a newly built
colonial residence of 10 rooms and bath, hand-
somely finished In hardwood, reception ! hall,
etc.; 23xl37:«. ¦ ' - :
WALLER -ST. FLATS.
717-19 Waller *t., near Scott; 2 flat* of 8-8
rooms and bath each; rented low at $38 per
month; lot 30x110; nicely located and com-
manding a view.
DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS.:
r.O.I-.TU Devisadero it., near Page; 2 flats of
C rocms .each; at a small outlay the lower flat
could be converted into a store, nuking this
a desirable holding; lot 22x107:6.
MISSION COTTAGE.
2650 Harrison St.. near 22d; cottac* of «
room» and bath; rent $25 per month; large lot,
60x122 :C. *
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
. NW. corner of Jersey and Vlcksburs; at«.,
between 24th and 27>th. Church and Sanchez:
stare, 2 rccrr.s end flat of 5 rooms and bath;
rented low at $20 per month: lot 23x100.
Fur catalogue, and further particulars apply
at our office. / _ t
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
G. H. X-'MBSEN & CO..
Real Estate and Auctioneers. r
' GRAND AUCTION SALB
y AND EXCURSION.
• SAN MATEO HEIGHTS.
Sen Matao. Cal. '
TRE CREAM OF SAN MATEO PROPERTY.
SATURDAY. APRIL SO. 1004,
at l:?.o p. rn., on the Premises.
150 LARGE LOTS 150 LARGE LOT3
THE MOST IMPORTANT AUCTION SALB
OF THE SEASON OF VACANT
PROPERTY IN SAN
MATEO.
This is beyond question the most destrabl*
breaus? of its accessibility, natural beauty
and surroundings. In addition. to this every
lot has water piped to it and sewer connec-
tions. As the land is high th* natural draln-
ajte la perfect. . ¦ -
The T.LECTRIC CARS run through th*
center of. the property on San Mateo drive.
It Is equally accessible from efther San
Mateo or Burllngame It. K. stations. When
these lots are Bold there will never again
be an opportunity to purchase anything la
Ean Mateo as desirable or at such prices. .
There Is a constant and Increasing demand
for residence propert" all down the peninsula
as far as San Jose. When the Southern Pa-
cific have finished their cut-off (now build-
»lng),' San Mateo will be but 14 mile** from
San ! Francisco, and the rapidly increasms
population will b« effective in procuring fast-
. er . and more frequent train and trolley ser-
vice, which even now Is wonderfully good.
' Leave the noise, dirt and confusion ot ! the
city behind and receive In ¦ exchange ' rretth
air. brighter sunshine and the delight and
freedom of the country. .
. I We shall also offer for sale to the highest
bidder
THREE 6-ROOM COTTAGES. WITH BATH
AND CELLARS. -¦/»-«
THREE 6-ROOM COTTAGES. WITH BATH
AND CELLARS,
Now Building, to be Completed by May 1.
TERMS — One-quarter cash, balance 1, 2
and 3 yearn, with Interest at 5 per cent, pay-
able stmi-annually. Tec|per cent to be paid
at time of purchase, to be allowed on th»
- quarter or first payment. An abstract of title,
furnished each buyer.
A SPECIAL FIRST-CLASS EXCURSION
TRAIN will leave Third and Townsend sts.
' at 11 o'clock a., on.. - -
SATURDAY. APRIL 30. 1804,
60 Cente— ROUND-TRIP TICKET— CO Cants.
Returning, leaves San Mateo at 5 o'clock
p. to. Tickets good on all trains stopping at
San Mateo during afternoon and evening.
Lunch will be served on the (rounds.
Excursion train will not stop at Valencia
street.
EXCURSION TICKETS can be had at th»
office of the Southern Pacific Company under
'the Grand Hotel on and after April 25. aad
at depot. Third and Townsend streets, up to
time of departure of train — 11 a. m.
For maps and general information inquire of
:.'- ¦•¦:• • G. H. UMBSEN £ CO..
20 MONTGOMERY ST.. .
San Francisco, CaL
SPECK £ CO.. 209 MONTGOMERY ST.
Opposite entrance to Mills bulldinx,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
SELLING LEASINO
RENTS COLLECTED INSURANCS
$1COJ)00— Rents $0600; investing $50,000 cask
and arsumins bank mortgage of $50,000; will
pay 12 z<*r cent net; lot 55x137:6 ft.
$:X>.0CO — NW corner, 137:8x137:6; Golden
Gate ive, east of Scott; good improvements:
mortgage $30,000 at JVi per cent can remain;
reasonable offer entertained.
S26.C00 — Sutter-st. bargain, near Leaven-
worth; good three-story Improvements; lot 27:«
Xl37:6 it;:- no reasonable offer refused.
$20. OCo — Folk-st. business property: 2 stores]
and lodging-house: lot 30x05 ft.; rents $145:
$10,000 bank mortgage can remain.
$ is. 500 — Post st.; lot 62:tol24 ft.; 2 front-
axes; very good Improvements; rents $140.
$13 OCO— Rents $130 50; vicinity Van Ness
and Grove; lot 27:6x120 tt.; good fiats; thU Is
a bargain. ¦ ¦
$5000 cash: monthly rent $105; balance, $7500
bank mortgage, can remain; 3 fine new flats;
Western Ajidtltlon.
SPECK & CO. 209 MONTGOMERY ST.
$10,850— CASH $2000; 3 swell flat* not yet com-
pleted. but rented for $1200 per year; Seventh
•are. 1 boulevard. 760-2-4. near Fulton St.: li
minutes from City Hall; all night car. ser-
vice; evei-y possible latent Improvement, In-
cluding bitumlnized street; 25x120. . Apply ca
pr em I sea from 2 to 5. • '
5« 25 PER WEEK.- bo Interest. Lota la tba
Excelsior Homestead Tract: all level; ao
; grading to do; ready to build your little hotr.a
on; clos* to electric cars and school.
», W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st.. room 5.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 512 Callachan bid.. -
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$$ a month Days principal and Intsrest aa
each $1000 of balance due, making your la-
bailments less than rent: sand for circular.
THREE flfty-vara. lots on Lombard st.. near
Buchanan, at a bargain; fine site for flits:
back to 25- foot street: 50-Tara lot t on Grov«
and Lott sts.: good Investment for builders.
• &ELBT. RODGER8 * CO.. 118 California.
$100 DOWN and $20 mo.— Cottage. 5 r. A b..
: on 'Clipper St.; one of « r. * b.. on Elizabeth.
$2700— Cotuge. $ r. & b.. In West ParH st.
$2750— Cottage. 5 r. and b.; 12 Day «t- '
P.. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mi—ton t.
TWO pretty homes Just completed In th» Mis-
sion: 6 rooms, bath: about $1000 down, bal-
anc« easy. Se> MOI3E. 32O Sanaosaa st.
ALL work guaranteed first elasi by ALH-
BACH A MAYER. Plumber*. 838 Howard st.
CHEAPEST and beat in An»erica-yTb» Weekly
Call 10 pages, sent to any address In the*
•.United States or Canada one year; for fl..
postage paid. ' -- ¦ ¦ '
HEAL ESTATE^-ConBtrA-yof^Sal*.
*GREAT^ bargain— Rich. Irrigated farms; b!ic
canal ;~ free water right: very cheap: easy
terms; homeseeker*a opportunity. '...- CM.
WOOSTER C©.. frtS Market st.
| 1400 ACRESat'$6 50 per acre; only 90 milM
• Jronv S*n Francisco: to close up an estate;
tee owner dully at 12:30. RICHARD KEAT-
- : INGE. 103 Jessie St.. San Francisco. ¦ '
ALFALFA landa." " stock " ranche*/-' orchards,
vineyards: Inspected. bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 444
-. 1 Market st. -¦•¦'.'" "-' - ¦ --¦ •¦ ' .-¦¦¦' .
Continued t)n Pose Fourteen.
\ RIISCELLANEOL'S— FOR "SALE — Con.
¦ PAINT ycur cl.l anJ new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos' Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stop all leaks In the one and preserve the
, n«w. 20R Front St.; tel. Main 1428.
A — FINE suits^ $7 50; dress pant* $2 50: Orig-
inal Mitfit Clothing Parlors. 2.1S Kearny si.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines. boileri<. water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 8pttr.lt.-' :
ALTERATION sale— Best $2*«> hats.. $150.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny it., .near
Pine; open to 9 p. m.; Sundays to noon. .
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 30 pair:
foot-fcrm ehoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
JCICE outfit cheap: -dining and kitchen ware
for four people; send for list and price. Bos
1445. Call. « -
ASK for prices un second-hand typewriters; all
maker. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 RIontg'y.
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT A- AWNING CO..35 Mrkt. Tel. Bush *53
BOOKS bought; libraries purchased. . King's
Old Bookstore. «11 McAllister st. .
STEEL lined safe. 1S00 pounds. $125. RICH-
ARDSON BROS.. 1816 Market st.
BARGAINS In flee diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN. S03 Hayward bldg.
GASOLINE engines bought, sold, exchanged,
repaired. Sykes-Corson Co.. 254 Beale «t.
SAFES and cash registers, new and secoud-
h.and. - I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market tt.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 MkL
SLOT machines cheap; Chlcagoes, Twentieth
Centuries, Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 033 Market.
SAFES— New and secondhand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.' -
MOVING pictures, majrle lanterns, gale, rental;
bargains. Dullard A Breck. Ml Post tt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. . .
GASOLINE engines, automobile* and launches:
all sites. J E. DOAK. 4P. Fremont St.
MISCELI.AXEOBS WAIVTS. -
MORRIS gives highest prices for ladles' and
gents' castoft clothing; postal. 043 Folsom..
SHOES wanted: tnlsflt & castoff: highest prcs.;
•n»w & '.id-hand shoes .for sale. 749 Mission.
MONEY TO LOAJV. ¦ .
AAA^UERMAN "mURPHyT" " "~~
001-002-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates. s«-cond mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trutt,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased. ; " _^
Ctiurteoua treatment.. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. ¦ W;..
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
• INTEREST 5% AND «: PER CENT. .
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on city, Oakland, town
and country real estate. - ' .
Second mortgages, estates In probate, undi-
vided Interests In real estate, property la
trust: loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK. .
107-8-9 CROCKER BUILDING,
POST AND MARKET STS.
~ WILL LOAN • :•-¦.
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or '•
Chattels. In city, town .
• or country.:
I.cw rate of Interest.
Give full, particulars .
of property or t chattels. :. '¦-
Location, etc. ¦
Box 409. Call office.
SALARY LOANS— . ¦••".¦¦•¦¦¦; " "¦' '
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or. Indorsement.- knowledge-of employer or
nny one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. .: Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
THE Jinked Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
-st. <upgta!re), loans money on'dlamonds,; Jew-
elry and valuables. at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.: } ¦
MONEY loaned on diamonds'.' Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our .fireproof vault Is protect-
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
IX>AN OFT1CE.25 Stockton :phone- Buslt 4H4.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
C,rjvacy:no commieslon installments accepted.
liUNELLl. SU1 Eddy.. Conservator}' building.
IIKLI* WASTED HALi: Con. __
MIRIIAV & HEADY. ~ CS«-C»i Clay'tT.
PHONE MAIN &H*«t-
WE SPEAK
. 12EK21AK. « .ULtlK. ITALIAN".
BPANISU! y\VlSS. KRENCH.
VOLR FARE FREE. LOOK— FREE PAKE
TO STATE OK NEVADA
. Ji J'ou stay tour tnoniUs. THAT'S .VLL.
V. S. GOVEKN3TENT WOUK.
. 2«'3 two-hcrse tearurters. $U0.
LV> laborerc; you'll suit; $«>.
»•*> ilriiltrs. rockmen. hammermen. $75.
. 12 machine dr.llen>. $»(>.
i--i::.t hours' work datly; hundreds soing;
ARE YOU?
$1 — FEE— THAT'S AL1-— $1. "
ARIZONA. ARI75^NA.
c>nt*r or treat mines, land of sunshine.
BIG WAOKS.
Din tnilea. Z-t 10.
Ei55 te«ro«ers, tsborcra. driller*, etc. $2 to
S3 5W day.
CLOFE TO PRESCOTT.
IN CAXJFXJHNIA —
!•'.'• laborers, big mine co.. $73. fC7 SO.
. 12 machine rr.sm-it>, cold quartz, .".hi.
14 mucker*, ecld quartz. *«!7 5<». — '
TO FA11MS. UAIRIEH, ETC.
12«i fann, orrhard and vineyard hand", all
o\«t ••alifomla. $25. $2('i, $:tO, %?~> found.
."5 c >. a trammers, fit?. *:t«» nnd found.
Ta: milkcrr. located ev«r>-w!>ere. *"tO. S:tt fd.
12 l>uttT-r:nker«s. neparator tender. rt<-_. $40 J
tound; 18 chorebo>>, men. etc., fl5. $2t», $2T>. |
- S ;« end lo-ind.
t'HOREMEN, GARDnNERS, STABLEMEN. 1
1H nablemtn." city, country. $-" 55 *¦• fd. to $75. I
12 coachmen, chon-men and roustabdut«. £20 |
. t.i:J J.-i" and foi:nd.
*• K»r<3en«-r». yonie vegetable, some flowers.
J'.v and found.
MECHANICAL.
9 cooper*; 2 n-.arhin'.sts. $3 25 day; majh'.ne
blacksmlth'ii he!i>pr. J75.
S tallymen, lumber company, S3 <Iay.
Plonerand nicker handi, $3 day up.
Csrrla^* b!scksm1t>i. 00c fare, S3 day.
1- blacksmiths, different Job*.
2 brick leadrri-. cxcrjiiionaUy good job.
Gang eOtM-rnian. fatv *l jr.5 to $70 found.
WOODCHOPPFRS.
C55 men to cut wood all over California.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
15 corks for hotelo. m.: u :;>. mines, cafes,
rench's' Rnd »ummer rerorts. $30. $40, $0" |
and t<X) and found.
• is wait-re. «!jrer*-nt j-ib><. 123, $20. 8."M5 t '.i. }
12 disbwanhera. $20. $25 and $SO and round, i
" bell-boys, Srst-olar* hotel?. $15 fpund.
S" hotel" porters," $20. S25 round.
BAKratP.
Cook, bakrr. small i>h^jj-, country, $05 found.
LAUNDUTMKN.
3* laurdrynien. clas»e» of work.
Amfal«ram»ttir. JfK. 1 : dill inan, $90; 4 machine
Tntnt-rv. S!H>: concentrator. $U0; carriage
fm Inter: sticker hand. $4 day.
IS laborers, lumber yar^F. (CO.
BOY8.
12 brvs, box factories. ?r>0.
Ooulile-cut bard »awyer, L. Co., $5 Say.
l(i fheephtrtirrs. tood Job*. $25. $30, $35 fd.
MlUcer and wife. ?C0.
?¦"ortman earj>tntcr; fare $1 $ 4 day.
Walter, officero' nitf*.. mine, $'M and found.
BAKERS.
1st bakrr. 2d baker, fat*, Pi. $.V. & $15 fd.
MURRAY & READY.
_ CC4-C0G Olay et.
IS R. R. lubnrere. free fare, call early.
GOLD Ql'ARTZ MINES.
?5 laborers, fare f2 5O. $C7 SO.
5 timr>er men; T> machine miners. $00.
INSIDE AXD Ot'TSIDE WORK.
25 laborers. YOU'LL Pl'IT. td Ut u> $78.
MUKKAY & READY,
_ C34-CCC Clay st.
BENCH hand*: rlanrr hand.
Slolder and sticker hand: door tnolder.
fc coer>er«k 9<; barrel.
Blacksmith, lun-.ber co., $C5 to $7$ fd.
2 macMniMt". fare $1, $3. $2 50 day.
Dell boy. $.".'1; eo<>k. 10 men. ear.i£>; $f!0 fd.
."id -hread bukeh $25: tesmcter. city. $35 fa.
Janitor, city building. $r.5.
Mt'RRAY * READY. C{4-C{(» Clay st.
RHD CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. C02
O»y Ft. Phone .'an . s 2470 — Wanted, all
klni* of s .a::lr.c mill help: bench hands: door
moldem. planer hards, mold sticker hand;
low fare; union wages; see boss In city.
A G.OOD undTpretser on ve*t»; also a young
rnan to . iearn underpre*«tnc. Apply R.
THOMAP. foreman, 27 Geary st. S. N.
WOOD A CO.
TAILORS. Cutter—
An opportunity for a first-class man of rood
appearance and Al ability; steady position
if *«tl«fsrtory: none other need apply. S.
N. WOOD A CO.. TiOMarket st.
WANTED— Pants operators. Apply at once.
. «S_N. WQDU £ CO.. ?» O*ary st. . ¦ T - - - - ,
WANTED— Part* pres»er». Arply at once, S»
N. WOOD & CO.. 4« Geary «t. ...
A— L L
Men to learn the barb<r trade In two months
find cecure good po«itior.s: catalopv« and full
. Information mailed free. MOLER System
<;oll*ce. C35 Clay «.
COMPETENT tailor for alteration department;
men's- cli/th'.ng: must t»e Br«t-ela!=s man.
RAPHAEL'S. lac; apply to J.W.RAPHAEL.
Kc-arny tt. •
TAILORS— \'e*tmaker wanted Tor Ban Jose:
steady employment guaranteed to good work-
man. ARNPTEIN. SIMON & CO . cor. Sec-
<^>d and Market Fta.
* OFFICE clerk for an oil company at oil fields
rtf-ar Bakc-refi^ld ; must know *tenocraphy alid
trpewritmif: $e>» month, board, lodging: state
itsre. if marrl'd or single. Box 1<25. Call.
YOUNU men everyn her*, copy letters, home
eveninj>; $S 60 week. Send addressed en-
\>lop* for rwrticuiars. ManaKtrr Dept. W-<;-
bos Mil. Philadelphia. Pa
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 925 Oold^n
. Cate «ve., rocra 7. for frt-e infortnatloa *•
to petitions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
w evcningB.
YOUNG man about 18 years of a^e; good ap-
. jr«rut>c*. Apply P. ft. WOOD & OO., 7*0
. Market tt.: ta^/jring dept.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
t«!k*r. ear»r to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 47E Parrott buiMSn*.
NIGHT waiter; union hour*. N7 M'>nts;om-
er:T«t. . . .
1UHCER wanted. 12« Ellis st.
V' ANTED — Good. reliable «w»y abuut IB to
work is factory; steady |ilac«. 322 Davis ft.
ERP.AND boy. about 15. Apply CHARLES
RLir>S. 407 Call building. .
DOT wahtefl, IK years old. DECXELMAN
TtROS.. 10C Ellie »t.
WANTED— Men and women to learn the bar-
her trade; the latest und mort improved
method of teaching; the only Incorporated
ttrber school with branches in the leading
ritiMi on the cojst. For particulars, call or
add r«cs th* Western College of Barbers, 647
i fomm^rcfal *t.. Ban Francisco, or 206H
(South Broadway, room 20. Los Angeles.
WANTED for Fifteenth Cavalary Band — 1 cor-
net piajtr. 1 alto player, 1 double B bass
player,. 1 *lld» trombone player. Apply at
¦ Recruiting office. Rla lio building. New Mont-
«mfrj' Rt., £an Krancisco, Cal.
WAXTEIi — CO teams to work on Fresno and
wtieel fcrajxTs: 3 months' work. Apply to
W J. SCHMIDT. Jones Ft. and San Pablo
ave.". West Berkeley. . .
EAr.BERS— Shop for rale; established 25
5 tar*; 4 chair*: center of Oakland; fine trade;
¦tt: cb*-ap. Call or write. 409 Twelfth »t .
Oakland.
WANTED — Laborer* and mechanic* to know
that Ed Ro:ktn. R'-no House oroorietor. has
ndded 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Ttflrd «t-: 250 rooms; 25c to 5Oc p«r night.
WANTEI>— Youns man who is an experienced
exprc** dr>-«:f>ods parcel wrapper. Apply be-
tween 9 and 11 a. m.. at HALE BROS.'
TRY our m**»'» *hoe«. union mad*, at $\ and
SI SO pair; foot -form sho<n at *2 ivi: we pay
«'Mrf:> or mail < h«rr< -s--. II .'M n&;xam. bid.
HAUUER rhop tor sale: 2 chaiis; good loca-
tion. Inquire WILL & FINCK.
2-CHaIR 'barber *h«p for fale; h bargain: c»-
t&blirlied .'! years: rent $7 '>'). 1.'I7 Mission st.
WANTED — Pants finishers. Apply S. N. WOOD
£¦ CO.. 27 Geary j\-
— _-___^ ___ (
FOR cale — 2-chaIr barbe* shop; good location.
Box 1SS3. Call.
BUSH ELM AN wanted; apply read/ for work
K. N. WOOD t'CO.
BARBERS — 3-chatr chop fur sale or trade for
country »bop. Barber,/ 22 Hunt tt.. S. F.
COATMAKER or bushelman for country. Ap-
ply HEISK PROS. & CO.. 24 Sutler at.'
WANTED— Hallora for Australia; fiihlnc &nd
lelandc. L'ANK. C04 Davis tt.
YOUNO man to learn barber trade: wages
while learnlnc. 7<1A Howard at. .
KAII/MtS and young men Urreen handsi for
.»h!ps. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson «t.
YOUNO men. sailors, blacksmiths, carpenters,
gTCcn bands, for «hips. Herman's. 2T Steuart.
WINCHKSTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
krf— 700 roomi«: '35c nirht; rpading-rooms";
fr^e 'bus and bacracre to and from f«-rr>.
ALL sis*« men'c choes. •lirhtly daauMred, half
rrlr* . r.'a &tlssion <*., ¦ bet. 1st and 2d tts.
43ET your ' sht>*s half-eolcd while waiting^ 25c
to SOc. &C3 illetlon ct., bet. let and 24 tu. ,
I MOXRY TO Lo'aS — Conttnned.
AA — DO you need. money?- ' '.
Loans on furniture and- "pianos without re-
| mrval: lowest rates an>1 easiest plan in city:
don't hesitate to call; information cheerfully
given; no publicity; reliable and square deal-
Ing.' People's Trufl Co.. S2."< Market St.,
room 462, Parrctt building, fourth floor.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, < without
security;. easy payments; large business In
40 principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bid.
ANY amount quickly on furniture ot* piano,
without removni or other security; no com.:
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. C3 Donohoebldg.. 1170 Market st.
THE United Loan'and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st: '(upstairs*), loans money on diamonds, Jew-
elry and valuables nt 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phono Bush 484. /
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
|k.t cent Interest. Baldwin 1 Jewelry Store. .
__846 Market; tel. Main 1644. .Branch. 19 Third.
i 1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
ho commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
<julet,' confidential. -'-26 Montgomery st., rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
| at W. J. . HESTHAL'S.-'IO Sixth st."
STAR Ijoan>Co of Wyoming loans money, to
salaried employes. ' R. .111, Mutual Sav Bk.
bid.; Oakland office. 1103 V& Brdwy., suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.,
' LO * ANS FROM $1 .. TO 510,000.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on Unln-
dorsed notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company. ' r»ioms 48-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried 'people without security; on, furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other" security. S. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg. :
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent"
mo. S. K. Collateral Loan Bank. 63S Kearny.
— — -V- — --• —l—i .
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no coai. V. TREMA1N. room Si, 0 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. .1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building'. 70S Market st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. 60» Examiner building.
¦ALL UPRIGHTS:
Fischer, new $X25. now $150.*
liertr; new $300, now$C7.
Miller, new ?300, now $145.
3 Emerson, now $250 to $350." now flCO.
2 Chjckerlng, new $450, now $100, $183.
.2 Stelnway, new $375. $750. now $1S5, $3215.
. Heine, new $C75/ now $333.
Rents $2 up; Installments.' $4 up. Rent ap-
plied If purchased. • • ¦ '
HKINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary at.
' Oakland— 1252 Brdadwa}-. .¦¦....-
ABSOLUTE BARGAINS IN PIANOS.
One in. fair order. .......... ..............$10
One a lltlle* better.. ...,tl3
Another, condition ; good $25
. Also, a Chlckering. Mason & Hamlln. two
.Eteinways, Knabe, Vose.. Sterling, Mayson.
Emerson, Hallet :& Davis, : Starr and many
others, from $55 up; ea6y terms; fully guar-
anteed. . BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 1« O'Far-
'rell it. '¦¦¦ i -:¦_'-»¦¦¦•.---".¦-'¦ ¦". ' :
ONLY piano house. In 'the city that will rent
you a new- piano for $3 per month and allow
6 months' rent: and cartage • off .¦ purchase
price; sole' agents; for McPha.ll. Schiller and
other makea. . SCOTT-CURT AZ. 560 Hayes.
SPECIAL . bargains -this week; square ' pianos,
$25: uprights. $100 up; organs, $23. BYRON
MAU2Y. SOS Post st. . ; ¦,. :.
$75; STEIN WAT piano, cost $«00, for sale on
,, f5 Installment*. 1309 Gough- st.. n«ar Geary.
STEINWAY. hearly-<new: upright; 'A. ctabler.-
¦¦ .-and ¦ Btec* maheganr. " 216- McAllister St.' ¦
NEW upright " pianos sold :, on $5 ' monthly > pay-
menu. ECHMITZ Si CO.. 16 McAllister' st.
8-PEDAL'Stelhway:up.;ChJckerlngbaby rrand;
¦ Shonlngpr; little. U5»d:.^Keeffe r s. 285 O'Farrtll.
EOHMERr Byron Mauzyi pianos. -Cecilian piano
.... pi»y»r. nVBOM MAl'ZT.-. artR-SlS Pott ' tt.
« Vyi CKS * ANUVSTOKES: TO * LET.'"- ;.-.
FOR rent— Cigar or sandwich stand. 145 Third
.-rtrttt.-.".-^-".''-'' 7 •'¦"' ¦¦• ¦•¦ '¦'..:..¦'"¦?:¦¦*¦
... .... K . pALIdJfeTUY. ;v H^
H. JEROME FOSELLI.; scientific palmist. 815
---Taylor «t.-. near Gear*.**-- Phone-Black '581.'
rAHmWO; PAPEJtHAWOIWQ. ETC. .
PAINTING, papering and tlntins; done cheap;
all work done first class. Tel. Larkln Ml. -
HELP WANTED MALE Continued. ¦
V.' ANTED — Boy from H to 1C year* of ag- to
narn tti» dry-goods buJtn**». Apply between
V and II a. m. at HALE BROS.'
PcnEicr. Atty.. E. A. Eullis. r. 40. I'hMan b'.dg.
l%st Com. Geo. H. Thomas Pcct. G. A. R.
A BILl.VCH offic*- of ThTCall fcr th» rerepilan
of Q«!»«Tlis»-ment? and i^ibaeTl^tion* has be*«
opened r-t 1008 aiarCet »t., opposite Ktrth.
Op n unsil II p. m.
AI'VERTIFEMEXTS. Mibsotiptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church iu.
ggrj VTAgVEP — SO IJCITOS3.
SOLICITOR wanted to sell a eood po>on oak
and Tatf's dandru9 cure. Apply after «
p. m., 3W. Havre tt.
UOItklCS AND WAGON*.
FOR sale — A bargain: one high wheel, rubber-
tirej tarori Fhaft». po'e, and double set har- i
Mas to inatch; has been used only 4 times; ¦
<i*l ihlZIK w'.ll be sold for cne-h»:r; can be
i».-»mi at- jj 1 Prruad**. SfK5 iEatxrlla st.. Oak-
land, Cai. WILLIAM BARTLETT. Crock-
ett. Cal. -
A«:«"T1ON saK of hors-cii fvery Wednesday at
11 a. m.. :C7 Sixth St.; every horse mut-t be
ay r«>:irefceated or money refunded. JOHN J.
HOYT.K. Auctioneer
J FINE river bottom paFturage: gr?en feed year
I r<-und: near Blark Diamond. Contra Costa
| County. Nucleus Stables. l»i) Stevt nson. S. F.
j SECOND-HAND ooen hac.kn. wa^onfttes. 3-
j •••atrrs and business buggl«B. COKVILL
MANUFACTURING CO.. 4S Eighth st.
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College — Next-
t.»!i:rn b'gitiF Jun> n. Cata-logr by applying to
DIL n. J. CREKLEY. 510 Golden Gate ave.
WAGONETTES. Furreys, bucsrie*. wagons, har.
ness, work and driving horse*. ir>th-ValeTicla.
CAMPING house wajcon: theatrical parties; Ii7
Turk Rt. Owner at C40 Howard Rt. •
WANTED — A crod uriv'.ne horse; must b«
Kour.d and reliable. Oox 3CS0. Call office.
FOR salt— liacdscme. trap; cheap, liox 1215,
Cat! oTScf.
HUISK.S TO I,ET.
J A— PRINTED list of hou«* to let; e»nd for clr-
' t u ..;i . >•. ii. u &. CO., 20 Montgomery
LANGTUN* tt.. off Bryant — 4 rooms, yard and
bacetnect: »ll. Apply O. A. LEROUX, 20
N<-w Monlsrcmcry st.
BKFORE movlnp get our printed list of houses
to ict. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Poft St.
ii(i,M-:» TO LK'J" KIU.\.M1UI>.
FOR rer.i in Ean R»:'m! — A large, fine house,
rurnlaoed; good-sized lot; trees and shrub-
byfy and splendid location. A duress box
12*5, Call office.
VALKNCIA. 1232 — Completely furnished house
cf 7 tooir.s, bcth and laundry: nic? pardon;
w-atm l>elt; rent $W. Apply from I to S p. m.
FURNliHUD house of 5 rooms for t-aie ch\;ap;
par, bath, etc. P13 FotEorn 5t.. upstairs.
—^SS 111 !?^?^^??? 8 T 9P" SA 5 3 *-
FOU sale — In Sausalito. 4-room oottaco; de-
Hphtful situation: Ehade tree*, fine weil of
• «raterj will bell very 'ch«ap. Fmall -payment
down; also a property with inceme of $30
per ir.or.th for $3000; $2300 cash, balance en*
loan. Box lfiSS. Call office.
LAUNCHES rOR HISS.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. Toot of CU»
Et.; for pleasure and business; tel. Has!-. Ji.il.
j^J^, r ASO j.-01'NO. ,
$50 REWARD — Strayed or stolen. April 8. Trcm
Geary and Market Ets.. bay horse with white
toot branded; 74 under mane; business
buRgy, red rear and dark body. Return to
igliO Green st.; tel. G*ary 2732; no questions.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Pavings
and Lean Society of San Franoisco In the
nam* of WILLIAM M. or ANNIE TIETJEN.
No. 17e.465. The finder will please return to
bank. -.;¦». . .
LEFT in ?ad!cs' toilet in ferry building. Sun-
day. April 17. a black feather boa. Finder
please return "to 17 Pacific st. and receive
reward; $5.
LOST— Initialed top of lady's -umbrella; initials
"O. C." Ueturn to office of Lick House and
'receive 'reward.
LOST— On Apr;! 20. on Kearny Ft., bet. Pine
and Sacrnnxnto, bunch or keys; reward. C10
Sacramento st. • . ,.
LOST — White and black dog. long ears; tas;
4143; name. Prince. Return, to 445 Bush
si. . reward.
LOST — Ftather boa. bet wet n Harbor Hospital
and Green and Powell sts.; reward. U3S
Or*«r» st.
LOST— A ladles' side bag. on Nlr.th-st. car.
containing email pocketbook nnd 2 keys.
Kindly return to *v{ Lily ave.; reward.
LOST — Diamond and capphire pin, between
Clin* House, rarfc and ferry. Return to 82S
Alice ft.. Oakland; reward.
STRAYED— Great Dane dog; 4 white fe*t;
license No. 4744. Return to HAYDEN'S
chop. l-'O Ninth tt. ¦
LOST— Smjll diamond pin on O'Farrell st. Re-
ward ot nx>m UC1. Call building.
' mi:uical.
LADIES Oflrlng *af». sure and quick relief
front Irregularities consult me at once; my
ui'ilu <is are always rate, painless and reli-
able: I have no failure*; no exorbitant fe«*«.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
. Cures guaranteed «r no pay; 17 years' ex-
perience in alt female diaordPr* ; call or write
without delay: oorresiiondencc confidential.
1JR. WHITE. 702 Market Et.. rooms 7 and 8.
A — LADIES. If you are suffering from Irreeu-
laiitle« or any ailment you will avoid dls-
eppulntments by consulting me flrn. My
method of treatment is putsitlve and harm-
less and I guarantee immediate relief from
any cas* or make no charges. Advice free.
fall or write DR. SYLVESTER, 219 Kearny.
ALWATS be advised and treated by a grad-
uate physician: positively the only one h«re
capable and willing- to restore you to happi-
nee*; relief for Irregularities; h<-lp for un-
lortunatc ladles; If in trouble consult him
without cost or. fee: call or write; ccmfid«n-
tial. I3R. R. H. WESTON. 305 Kearny st.
VALPHAU'S female pills: best regulating pills
eold; pric* ?2 bo by express. Pasteur's
•>Tinge and tablets: price fit. By express .
enly on rrcript cl.wice. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS. uhGlevflle druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
¦In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the Unfortu-
nate helpod; the meet difficult cares treated;
advice free. Office. 1018. Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
compIatr.U and irregularities: Instant relief
jruaranteed: 30 years' experience. 82(1 Post at.
MRS. DR. KOIJL. reliable upocialtst for all fe-
mele troubles and irrr trularitics: Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008'i Market et., opp. 6th.
MATERNITY" Vflla — kecluded; confidential;
df«>titute free; Infants to fidopt; good homes.
DR. EM1LIE FUNKE. I41« 8th. Alamcda.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1116 Market— Reliable ladles'
rrKtriallFt: a private home before and .during
confinement: bent medical care: low fees.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Nee« — Expert
In ohrtetric*. female complaints; lnnt. relief;
treatment $10: hours. 10 to 5; 25 ym. ex per.
MRS. DR. GWYUR, . having secured lease of
Iiremifces. is permanently located at 511 A
Leaven worth St.. bet. G«ary and O'Farrell.
DR. ROSEN resides 2W»5 Folsom St.. comer
2«th; ladtCK. reilef or no fee; $10.
Uli. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS-
original method bf treatment. 1128 Market nt.
DR. NG. TOY KHE. 319 Powell ft., opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
u MIXES A»O MIMXC
FOR pale — North of Mcntezuma and Thavilla
mines. SO acres cr patented land: 2 compart-
ment shaft town 40 feet; over ij-foot Icdpe*
4 fe*t in pay rock; all that In needed Is a
.heist; A. R. R. line 100 yards from shaft for
*x>w«-r. For particulars address C. EVANS
El Doradn. CaL
¦__ MISCKLLA.NKOLS KOU' SALB.
BOILERS, enplne*. Id-hand machlneryl MclN-
ffTQgH ; fc WOLPJ AN. 105-187 Fremont sU
IK)ES YOLR™RObF LEAK?**" *"¦ ~~*
Repair It with elaterlte; in rolli easy to lay;
nerd* no, painting or coating; good oversold
Iron, tin or ehintrles; best -for new > roofs.
EI>ATE1UTK ROOFING CO.. 713 Market ct.
2D-HAND machinery, engine*, boilers, pumps,
pulleys. Ehafting. etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged;- eee • Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCUY. CO.. 130-132 Beale tt.
DE£KS and office furniture: $20,000 MocirTo
be sold before April 15: this stock can be
botirht In large or Final] lots. T. ' D. Me-
CARTHY CO.. 782 Mission. Phone Bush 467.
ROUND csrortnp tents , for ¦ sale; cheap; anme
new; l«xJ6. 31S Third st.; tel. Main 418
FANCY plceona: new imported vartetiec; send
for IUU .C WILSON. 23> litevenaon «L ;
A fresh, tsmoeth and young looking face. -
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forget, the name, M. ELLA HARRIS.
The number. 7K1 O'Farrell st., near Larkln.
- ; ,..JCall or tvrlte for book, free,
- ' "Hints on Beauty."
THE HERMANtTraNITARIUM.
, Insomnia, ments! and nervous diseases cured;,
liquor and dm? habits;' matsage; medicated
baths; country place Lake oo. ; terms to phy-
sicians; call or write. 1373 Waller, bet. Ma-
sonic avo. and Ashbury st.; tel. * Fell - S37. '
I. E. P. NORMAN, will not be responsible for
any debts contracted by my. wife. -MILDRED
A. NORMAN, after this date, April 21, 1904,
she having left my bed and board. E. P.
NORMAN.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth. stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
-cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdresser*' ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 132,9 Polk.
A— MICROTINE. a positive cure for catarrh,
cold In the head, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections; send for free sample.
I MOUNTAIN, TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 9th.
Cancerous lumps, cores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, • mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured by
ekilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 201 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates.. Geo. Matthews. 70S Fifth at.. Oakland.
A FINE cult' to order on.easy Installments of
*1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market St.,
between Seventh and ElKhth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor.. 721 Market st. ¦ ' ",. -- .-,.--:
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by. Willow Bark Co..
812 Shot well; consultation free; call or'wrlte.
SOCIAL dances .Wed.. Thurs., Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays- .Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. M55G Market, nr.i Larkln.
"VITAL Ring" cures weak men; $2 30, pojt
paid. DR. BURNARD & CO.. 140 Geary, S.F.
PRIVATE detective; clty.or.coun»ry; thorough-
ly, reliable. Box 1420, Call office. ">
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & molea removed by elec-
i -trie needle. Dr. & Mrs. Travers, 1170 Market.
Actina restores lost eyesight ; cures deafness and
cKtarrh. A'VIDA Co.. 3S24 18th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needje specialist. 380 Sut-'
tcr. r COB. 'Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.,
MASQCEItADE costumes, play books, wigs;
. country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60: dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
« heir to" Us natural color. $1; at all druggists'..
A BRANCH office of Th* Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscription* ha* been
opened at 1003: Market et.. opposite Fifth."
¦ Open until 11 cm. • ¦ ¦
. PHYSICIANS AAD J SURGEON*. '
Dr!~cTc. 6' DONNELL— Office and resldenc*. •
• 1021% Market st., bet.- «th ; and 7th; partioo-
Jar. attention paid, to diseases of womea.
BLOOD : skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
-PR BALL. 1O~3H Market st. -
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
treats all diseases : cf' the human body:- for.
. past- four years- at .115-117; Mason: now •!••' :
"cated at- 607 -Geary *t..'i near. L«ar*nwortb. ,i
DR. TONG iPO CHY.' successor ,' to Dr. ' LI : Po
- Tal. ; herb doctor. "cures all diseases of human
I ¦;¦ by. use; of herbs and teas. ,727? Washington st.'
WOXO WOO. -'t.hVramoua herb "doctor— AH dls-:
¦ ' <fa5f» cur>d.by Chlnf««» i hwby ""<«-» CIht «t.*
: -;• : . ,;-.\ ;.; ,'..:; PLuyBiifQ.-- : ro..': : y ..-,
PLUMBER ¦• (licensed) "wants ¦
property owner by the day'or w^k: has; all
* necessary shop tools.- Box 1426. Call office." '
" TYPEWRITERS AXD^SlirPLIES^^
AN exceptionally good No., 2 Remington. 1 No.. 1 :
, Smith f 25; other. typ<wrlters ' at
'. higher and lower prices: 'rentals $2 50.; The
Type writing '¦ Exchange. ¦ ;• 630 '-. California »:.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: 'get par--
"i ticulars of.TU..&M. ALEXANDER. 1W Mont-:
. ' gomer>- ; st. ¦¦.¦;¦. --.•;;¦.¦-.. :¦-¦:.',-„ ;•:•-¦¦¦¦.¦- ¦•¦•-.¦ '•-'¦¦:-, -...-.- -¦
2D-H AND ' typewriters sold. . rented,*' repaired. '
;- Typewriter : Inspec." •Co.,'-, 508 1 Market. ,
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,"
¦16 cages, la wrapticr. ror taalllnc. $1 per year.
WANT COLUriN OF THE CAL! RMT YOU fl AY GAIN ONP
HEAL ESTATE: CITV— -jTOR ***'&:
nMllHULLUL1\L-.../ll II " " ---L'- in. "I. T.I . . . V J
. AUCTION! >*^,
-':-. AUCTION! ,
AUCTION!
AUCTION! ' #
VON RHEIN
REAL, ESTATE COMPANT. .
613 CALIFORNIA STREET.
TO-DAY. , TO- DAT. TO-DAT.
THURSDAY. APRIL 21. 1904. AT It M.
, LARGE TOWNSEND-ST. LOT.'
BETWEEN SECOND AND THIRD.
128:10x275; N%V. line of Tonniend. 80 ;t. SW.
of Stanford; close to S. P. depot.
X + O '*&./c%\ +*, /y u "I
TH/3 («
K, c»~7?»//va . zor cz.0*jc ro « ' '
C^iSj&Cjy +3TT .
BROADWAT FLATS— RENTS 5100. "
27:6x137:6: Not. 1«7S-1«S2: N. line of Broad-
"'¦y. west of Van Ne«i ave.; cuperb maiin*
view; 3 splendid modern up-to-date flats; fash-
ionable neighborhood; should be seen to be ap-
preciated.
- LARGE BROADWAY LOT., .j?
\ With front and rear dwelling; 45:10x137:8;
Nos .1511-1513 Broadway, east of Van Nesn ave.
STOCKTON- ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Lrasod at 52640 net to on« tenant; 40x60 f«et;
Nos. 1308-1314 Stockton, north of Broadway:
4-story building and lodging-house; ' 4 years'
lease; tenant pays -water and repair?. -
UNION STREET— RENTS $33.
41x75: No. 1809 Union st.. SI f««t W of Octa-
rla: 2 stores and 12-room fiat; must be sold.
BANSOME-8T. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Nos. 712-714 BanRorns; 45:10x90 feet N of
Jackson; rents $71 50; brick and fram« build-
Ing. ..<-.,,.
CALIFORNIA. ST. COTTAGE— RENTS $32 50.
25x137:6. No. 2223 California st.. between
Buchanan and Webster; cottage, (S rooms and
bath; select neighborhood.
DEVISADERO-ST. LOT.
34x103:1%; E line of Devisadero. C3 feet S of
Union; fashionable neighborhood: marine view;
Union-it, cara within CS feet; $2500 mortgage
now on property.
H ST.. SUNNY COR.. FACING PARK.
82:6x100; SE corner H st. and Klcveuth aw,
in 1 or S lotB.-faclng-Park: SE corner, 32:«xl0tt,
and 2 adjoining lots, each TTixlOO.
MARIPOSA ST.— RENTS ,$27 50.
34:8x75; Nos. 2707-2709 Mfirlposa «t.. 55:4 .W
of Bryant, between 17th and 13th; 2 houses, 5
rooms and bath each. , . .
DOLORES -ST. LOT.
Creditors' sale; no limit; ."¦OxlO.".; W Una ot
Dolores St.. 76:0 S of Liberty.
: - FOLSOM ST.— RENTS $145. • ; •
SOxSO; S5S-SU1 Folsom ct.. E of 6th; 3-story
bulidioK*,- flats and stores; r«nts now $112;
should be $145. . . ¦ ' i • ¦
TWENTY- FOURTH ST. CORNER-
RENTS $140. . • .. ;' v: .';:
63x90; NE corner 24th ami .>¦ ho t wpII -sts. ;:<:»,-
045 Shotweirm.; 3i:iS to 3146 24th St.; 3 stores.
4 houses. 2 flats; rents now $112; should b»
AUCTION — 16 marine view, park and pan-
handle lots: Fulton St.. street work done;
- Parker ave. (100 feet wide); North . Stanyan
rt.: McAllister-street cars pass property;
THURSDAY. April 21. at 12 o'clock not*.
Union Square* Hall. 421 Post st. ; term*, l<t
' cash, balance 1 and 2 years at 0 per cent;
.- observatory on ground, from which view of
city, bay and ocean can be reen.
9 0> |
/ K «* y- T
« /eg « | H
? "Z " W - \ 3
If 9, *»> = 1 I |
tcfl M I 3
f Ja tm • I i
" ' I a
Q ' N UT . I * .
" HZEZj ¦¦¦*•
g "* -
t " "* >- I
»• //J ¦ 1
For further narticulara and . catalogues, ap-
ply to HENRT STERN of David Stern A
; .Son?, auctioneer'' and real estate broker, 11
" j Montgomery st. .-•
t ¦ • * *' . . ¦
' AT AUCTION^
TOUR CREDIT IS "GOOD
ON PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
WE WILL LOAN TOU 90 PER CENT OF :
THE PRICE TOU PAY. FOR ANY LOT.
* Only 10 per cent cash, • balance payable , in 0
¦eml-annual payments. Interest . at the rate
of 6 oer cent per annum.
GRAND CREDIT. SALE. AT AUCTION.
THURSDAY. APRIL 2S. 1904, .
: At 12 o'clock , noon.'
At our office and salesroom.
25 Post st.
63— BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE LOTS— 63
ON PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
ON. PARNASSUS HEIGHTS. -
¦ . A . ••'*- ~ *
This property fronts .on Hugo - and I sts..
Second. Third and Fourth ares.; lots -25x110
and 25x120; corners 35xW.
Streets ail : sewered and . side eewers to - the
curb line on ' each lot: -granite -curbs; cement
1 side walkf ; street pared with bituminous rock ;
water mains in. " . • - ¦ .. -"¦"
I ' Lots all level, on official line and crs.de an3
ready' to! build on al once. ¦ •¦¦'
.For further particular*, apply' to ''
•¦- BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 POST ST./v -
Or. to- Branch -.Office., adjoining .the property,
corner H ¦ st, ¦ and \ Seventh . ave. - ¦¦• Open . every
day. including : _. Sundays - and holidays.
¦ : ' '¦'¦ i " '" r . '.'.*' -• '• i
BUILD : ycur ' unimproved realty; ¦ we ¦ loan: foil
cost improv. and part > lot at «%.^ MANHAT-
TAN ; SAVINGS BANK. Crftckkr >uIWId«. I
FREE TO WANT ADVERTISERS pREE
- ¦ IN NEXT SUNDAY'S 'CALL.-— _•
. BE SURE TO GET ONE OF
Walker s Selr-Fulling Corkscrews
. -¦'¦ •,V''-'- i '" ; "'--¦"•"¦'''¦''''¦'¦¦¦'¦' :¦'.-"'¦.'•¦ ¦ . ' . ' • .- *
. See ! You don't have to , , in i yw" ;\ r ;-\ < > > i -¦ ,. . j*"
cull A child can do it £S^i^£-y :; "^ r 'I — r= *^ i^Sgg^ ::::^gffiei^ ::! - f
jg^j CUTS THE WIRES. / -*~r /^
gj{ . TURN THE SCREW UNTIL CORK IS OUT. I /
Removing Aluminum Stopper. TESTED AND WARRANTED. /
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at: .
" ! BUSINESS OFFICE of the S«n Francisco Call, oorner Market and Third streets;
u op«n until. 12 o'clock 'every, nlfflU In th«» year.
BI1ANCH OFFICES/ ,- -^ .
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m. :
627 Montcomery street, corner^ Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m. .... ..
?"615 Larkln street; opan until 9:30 p. m. . .... •
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
JI61 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; op«n until 9 p. m. \
• 1096 Valencia street; open until Dp. m. ' ¦
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-*«cond and Kentucky streetaj'open until 9 p. m.
' • : 2200 Flllmore str«et;'op«n un:ll 8 p. m. -
1118 Broadway. . . . ... ««»«»•» • • • • • .........Telephone Main 1083
' - •.-...'. BERKELEY OFFICE: \
. . ' ¦- I 21 4S Center Street Telephone North 77, P*llil
>r -¦ . . -¦'/>--''•'•*: 7 *Al]AilEDA-t)FFICi5:. *.::'-
Schneider's Book Store... .'.%.. ....Park Street ;-,' /CHICAGO. April 20. — With the thermometer
still hovering around the freezing point. Chi
cago to-day defeated Detroit. Altrcck was in
good ? form, boldlne the visitors down • to fonr
scattered singles. Hg would . have shut them .
out but for two wild throws at critical times.
O'Leary and TannehiH carried: off the fielding
honors. Attendance. 650. Score:
R- -H. . E.
.Chicago - '..4 10 4
Detroit ............ ...•..'. 3: 4 f *J
Batteries— AHrock and' Sullivan; Kllllan ana
Buelow. I
. BOSTON. April 20.— The Boston- Washington
American , League game for to-day, was post-,
poncd on account of snow.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI.- April 20.— Although "the Pitts
burg men out bat ted Cincinnati and also piaved
a better game in the field, they did not reap
the benefits or their efforts. The locals .were
able to bunch hits and were a»tstcd materially
by the wild throws of Leach and Wagner. At
tendance,- 2C0O. Score:
WHg H. H. E.
Cincinnati H to 4
Pittsburgh..;...........; 4 12 2
Batteries — Walker and ' Peitz; Miller and
Phelns. V " , . . - -
NEW: YORK. April 20.— The ' Brooklyn- Bos
ton ' National League ball came to-day was'
postponed on account ' of the cold weather.
Kastera Players and Spectators Enjoy
the Pastime . Under Difficulties.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BASEBALL'.' IX THE COLD.
William Caesar (owner) with- P. J. Brannan
(contractor), architect M. J. Welch— All work
except • plumbing, gas fitting, sewerage, finish
mantels, gas fixtures and shades for two three
story frame buildings (12 flats) on SE corner
of_Harrison and Fifth streets, E 61:3 by S 80;
William Caesar (owner) with. G.: C. Sweeney
(contractor), architect M. J.' Welch— Plumbing
pas fitting, «ewerag"», water and gas connec
tions for twelve flats on SE- corner of Fifth
and Harrison streets, S 61 :3 by SO; $2450 ,
Goldberg. ; Be wen & Co. (owners) if with Kern
Bros, (contractors), architects Henry H. Meyers
and^C. R. Ward — Carpenter.- mill j work. - tin
ning and galvanized Iron, plumbing, painting
for alterations to a three-story . brick. building
on S line of California street, 59:2 W of Kear
ny; $5220. -
Golden Gate. Construction Company, (owners)
with-D. E. .Brown (contractor), architect Hen
ry ; A. Schulze— Concrete work, except : cement
forms, plank foundation, granite work, cement
ing and asphaltum work for a 5-story and base
ment brick warehouse on the S corner of How
ard and Spear streets, SE 137:6 by.SW.137-K
$15,250. - : ; '
Elisabeth ' Walton ; (owner)" with G. G.*'G!1
lespic":¦ (contractor),': architects Salfleld & f kohl
bcrg — All < work ¦ for a two-story residence - (no
.description i given > " In '] contract : i specifications
read i NE corner of Stanyan and Carl streets) ;
?74C0.- •;.- ¦ .- .. :-.; ¦ ¦ .- ¦ .-. .-¦:- ,,,: ¦ „
, T. F. Kicrnan and R. J. :. O'Brien ("owners)
with I Ira . ,W.* ? Coburn (contractor), architect
William. Koenig—AH / work .' for a - three-story
frame. building (flats) on the K line of Sanchez
street, 50 S of Fourteenth, S 25 by E 125;
T 50«0. .: '
streets, NW 237 by SW 80, lot 10. block 24.
West End. map 1; $10. . *
Emma L. Weber <wif<s of Christ) to Thomas
Varlan and Alma E. Woodman- (wife of Wil
liam II.). lots 3 to 7. block T, Park Lane 5;
also lot 23. block X. Park Lane Tract 3; JIOO.
A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin to Charles
Weinman, lot 0, block 7, subdivision 1 Cas
tro-street Addition; $10. : t - - ¦ ; : . .- - * .
Odd Fellows'. Cemetery. Association to John
Bach and H.'Horstman. lot In cemetery; $75.
'.-Builders'. Contracts.- «
REDDING, April 20, — George "W.
Bush, who was the first white child
born In Redding, and now the youngest
prapticing attorney in Shasta County,
was to-day appointed Justice v of ; the
Peace for Redding Township to suc
ceed C. G. Strong, recently deceased.
Honors for First White Born.
; .Haphazard vs. Melllnwood; Icellus v«. Clo
verdale; Dear Gas ton v». Tralee Lass: Toronto
vs. Boots; Vtklng vs. Donnybrook; Fenll v».
Terra Cotta: Gambit vs. Rapid Water; Sem
pronlus vs Rich Array; Mr. ZigrneKo vs. Cres
wtck; Golden Light vs. Queen's Motto; Far
away vs. Raciny Auto; Lost Chord vs. Texaa
Hoo Hoo; Ploughman vs.' Texas Mamie; Rocke
feller vs.- Aeolus; Rocker Arm vs. Honest John;
Menlo Prince vs. Texas Jill; Asgte W vs.
Concord Tralee: -Regal Attire vs. Merry-Go-
Round; Favor Free vs." Sacramento Lasa; Ida
ho Boy vs. Wlllt§ Boy: Fontenoy vs. Tom
Keene; . Joe Pasha vs. . Flaunt; John Heenan
vs. The Referee; Du hallow vs. Vandal: The
Coroner vs. Lulu Girl: Hudson vs. Conroy;
Ruby Sankey v«. Terah;. Golden Fortune t».
Red Rock: 'Master Rocket .vs. Tralee Boy:
Belle Free vs. Roy Hughle; Sir WInton v».
Cubanola: Frisky Barabara vs. Lily Wright.
Grand NaUonal^-Sacranjento Boy vs. Rubber
Ankles. W ".I JfHIVlllUliL'.lll i?L
The third of -the series of 'trials ia
the : Grand National- Champion
Stakes now being run at Union Cours
ing Park will be between Sacramento
Boy and Rubber Ankles. The re
mainder of the card will be made up
of a 64 -dog reserve stake. The draw
last night resulted as follows:
Crack Greyhounds Are t o 3feet at
Union Park in the Grand Na
tional Champion Stakes.
SACRAMENTO BOY DRAWN
AGAINST RUBBER ANKLES
The smoker last night was a joliy
one and it was an early hour this
morning that the happy crowd reluc
tantly dispersedl Taliesen Evans,
president, was chairman for the oven
ing and filled Ills office in an efficient
manner. L. R. Rhodes sang several
songs and was loudly applauded.
Others that contributed toward the
jollity of the occasion were A. C. Jon
sen, Thomas Hunter, 'Henry Roberts,
A. L. Bently and O. G. Williams. R.
Goldsmith played several selections on
the violin and A. H. Linder performed
on the guitar.
. Many members of the Pacific Coast
Association Football League partici
pated in a musical smoker at Scottish
Hall last night, the gate receipts of
which will be used toward purchasing
medals for those players of the In
dependent team that were instrumen
tal in winning the championship oup
in a recent game with the Thistles.
Football Players Entertain.
37:6 by 15 100; $10. V
City and County of San Francisco to John
B. Cosgrave. • lot on K line of Pine street, 185:3
W of Scott ¦• W 21 by S 137:6; $ •
Ella F. Bruns (Baily), wife of F. A.i to
Joseph J. and Marie P. Bessing. lot on NW
line of Harrison street. 205 SW of Ninth SW
25 by NW 00; $10. .
City and County of San Francisco to John
Duane. lot on N line of Twenty-flrst street 95
E of Folsom. E 50 by N 110; $ .
John Duanc to • Stephen and Estclle Prlmet,
same; $10; (
Slebe" Bros. & Plagemann (corporation) to
Anna FauM, lot on TO line of Sanchez street
100 S of Thirteenth. S .".3:6 by W 150; $34O0.<
Anna Fauss to Anna Petry (wife of Adolph).
same; gift. • g ¦-, ¦
Kxcelslor Loan Association to Louis Schmidt,
lot on S line of Army street, 315 Wof Do
lorep, W 25 by S 114; $10. Z>-/'
Daniel A. " McColgan to Mary J. McCarthy,
lot ' on S line of Jersey - street, I li!0 E of Dia
mond. E 30 by S 114: $10. •
Mary L. Phelan to L. J. Borie, that portion
of B. and W., lot 515, S of a line, commencing
on W line of Drumm street, 59:1 S of Wash
ington, thence W 75; $10.
' Louis J. Borle to Kate S. Goewey. lot ¦ on
W lineof Drumm street, 59:1 S of "Washing
ton. S 32:7 by W 75; $10.
Emil "C'-.-Medau vs. : Edward ~:P. Winger
ter et al., = to George K.tFrlnk,: lot on. SE cor
ner, of. Post and Stockton streets, . S 25 by E
70; also lot on SW corner" of Clay and Pierce
streets, W 206:3 by S 127 :8?4: also lot on SW
corner of Jackson and Devisadero streets S
K3:0 by W. 137:6; also lot on SW line of Nine
teenth avenue, 100 NW of R street. NW 100
by SW 200, lots 17 to 32, block 381, Haley
Tract; ?246,S50. . ' y
•Estate of /Bridget de Campos (or Philips, or
Phillipe) by administratrix to .Rose A. Mc-
Donald, lot onN line of Lewis place.- 87:6 E.
of Jones street. E 27:6 by N 57:6;$360O
Sarah I. (or Sadie or. Sarah) Rouke and Isa
bella and Catherine I. Tracey to (Same, same
quitclaim. deed: • $B. : . -. • - t *
City and County of San Francisco to Thoinas
Scale, lot on N line- of : Jackson "street Iu7-C
W of Hyde, *N 137 :6 by W 137 :6; $- . '
Mary S. and ; E. -D. Bullard ; to Fannie S.
Winohel. lot on N line of- Lake street. 03:6 E
of 'Eighth avenue, ,E 32:6 by N 72; S10 ••¦*.- '¦'¦ :
William (a ' Berge to Walter ¦ C. La Berge
lot -.on- W line of Seventh avenue/ 115 N of
Clement street, !N 75 by.W 120; $10. :
F. C. Clark to Hibernla 1 Savings and Loan
Society, lot on N line of Point Lobos avenue
57 :« :- E : of ' Fifth, ' E ; 50 by N 100. quitclaim
deed: ?1. ..'',. - .. ; ¦ ; -.;)' :'.¦¦... ; .-, <i a >., , ¦¦
; Bay District' Land Company to Charles H.
Grayson. 1 lot:on,NW corner -of ; Fourth avenue
and.AstrePto,: N, 100 by W-32:6; $10.
Isabella V.; Lyon; to Albert Drucker. lot on
NE corner of : Nineteenth avenue and B street.
E 32:6 by<N.100;$10. , ¦ t
Albert Drucker to, Aaron and Louise R. He
ringhl. same;; $10. V .
George Crow to, Alfred Bear, lot on W line
of .Thirty-seventh avenue, 125- S of C street S
25 by. W. : 120; $10. . *.
..'¦. Carrieand;Willlam H. Hanchett.to Mary E.
Stubbe (wife of George H.), lot on.W.'llne of
Twentieth avenue, 150 S of H street, S 25 by
.W,120;>$10/' v ;. -,/;:, -; ; .. .. . *,..-..">.
. .;¦ Soren^ and - Mary Christensen and Harry M.
and 'Jennie ; K. - Lichtenstein ; to ; GeorBe • Thlstle
ton.Mot on i, E- line ; of .Twentieth avenue 150 S
of N street, E 120 by S 50; $1(T. -.
:• Union. Trust! Company. to Frank Klein, lot on
W-llne of Eighth avenue 1 125 N of O street N
50 byi.W.120; $10.,-. -.^ xA ;^ „ .;..";"
; John and Susan „ E, Judge i to I Babette Luba
(wife of A.), lot on E' line of Thlrty-nfth> ave
nue, 175;Nof R strect.^NSO byE 120; $10 -¦'
.-. Jennie V.'Deichmlller to Glacomo Olonbruno
lot; on- W; corner- of- Otsego and: Onondaga
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 20.
Arthur J. Klotz to William C.Klotz, un
divided » j of lot on S line of Post street,
66:10%. E of Polk. E 19:714 by S 120; $10.
George and Hartnah de Urloste to Louis
Frledlander. lot on SE, corner of Fell and
Franklin street*. E 55 by S 120; $10.
Louis and Jennie Friedlander to George de
Urloste. lot on NW corner of Golden Gate and
Van Nes9 avenues. N 85. by W 109:9; $10.
Leontlne Mowry t 0 Robert Brotherton. lot
on S line of Broadway, 91 :S E . of Gough
street. E 22:11 by S 127:6; $10.
City and County of San Francfsco to Luigt
Vlgnolo. lot on N line of Ellis street 56:3
E of Buchanan. E 31:3 by N 90; $- . V
Same to Domenico Cuneo, lot on N line of
Ellis street, 25 E of Buchanan E 31:3 by N
90; $ .
Lena Marx (wife of Henri) to Wiytam
Muehe. lot on W line. of Laguna street 112:0
N of Sutter, N 25 by W 137:6; $10.
Hattie E; Cowen to Adeline Jacobs, lot on
E line of Buchanan street, 112:6 S of Pine,
S 25 by E 110; $10. .,
Stephen A. and Mary L. Born to Jessie and
Thomas F. Boyle, lot on W line of Stelner
street.' N of Vallejo, N- 27:6 by WHO: $10
William Curlett to Celta A. Curlett, lot on
NW corner of Vallejo and Pierce streets, N
75 by W 100; gift.
Charles J. Keenan to Ganchen Cowen lot
on -B line of Soott street, 100 N of Oak N
HEAL. ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Kennedy became so interested in
"Jimmy" Michael in the heyday of that
cycle champion's popularity that he be
came his manager and gave Michael the
best "artillery" of pacing machines
possessed by any rider on the circuit.
Kennedy was interested in the promo
tion of prize fights both in the East and
the. West at different times, being
financially interested in boxing and
athletic promoting clubs in New York
and in San Francisco. He was reputed
to be largely interested in the Yosemite
Athletic Club of the .latter city, in
whose prize ring: many of the most
noted pugilistic battles of recent times
have been fought.
NEW YORK, April 20.— James C.
Kennedy, known to sporting men the
country over as < "Big Jim" Kennedy,
expired in an elevated train in Brook
lyn to-night at 9 o'clock. Heart disease
is supposed to have been the cause. of
death, which came instantly. The body
was removed to the station platform at
Grand avenue and an ambulance was
summoned from the Cumberland Street
Hospital. The ambulance surgeon pro
nounced Kennedy dead. The body was
identified by Matthew McGrath, his
stepfather. ,
As a promoter of prize fights and of
six-day bicycle races. "Big Jim" Ken
nedy had gained not only great noto
riety, but, it is believed, a consideraole
fortune.
'•Big Jim" Kennedy, Widely Known as
a Manager, Is Stricken With
Heart Disease.
FAMOUS SPORTS PROMOTER
PASSES AWAY SUDDENLY
High jump— Beach, Bell. Dole and Henley
(S.), Hall. Magerstadt and Blakemore (A. A.
li.\ Standerwick O*.). Boynton (U. C).
Broad Jump — Magerstadt. Titus and Melvta
(A. A. It.). -Bell and Henley <S.), Chaplin,
Snediger and Boynton (U. C), Ha— rman (U.
3. C). Frle«ell (N.).
220-yard hurdles — First beat: MacFarland
<S.). Miller (Bak. H. S.). Golcher (A. A. I,.).
Second heat: Hume (U. C). Melvln (A. A.
I..). Third heat: Horton (A. A. !».), Frle
sell <N\). Hannigan (Un).
8S0-yard run — Templeman (O.), Miller (Bak
H. S.). Irwin (St. I.). Goshen (Un.). New
hall. R. Clifford. H. Clifford. Meals and Mlsh
ler.(U. C). Holman and Bounds (3.). Glarn«r
(U. F. C).
Hammer throw — Plaw (U. C), Blakemora
(A. A. L.). Steckle (X.).
Pole valut— Irwin (St. I.). Wllcox (U. C.)
Beach. Bell and Dole (S.).
Shot put— Plaw (U. C), Hyde (S.). Blake
more (A. A. L..). *i-»,r--.'
220-yard dash — First heat: Cadosan (V.
C), Crossman (S.). Steckle (Js.), Parsons (U.
S. C). Second heat: Dunn (S.), Cope (A. A.
L.), Binsham (U. C). Third heat: Snedl-
Bef (U. O, Beck (A. A. L.), Bounds (S.),
McGuire (Un.)..
k 440-yard run— Templeman (O.), Goshen and
McGuire (Un.), . Crcssman and Bounds (S.),
Rawles (A. A. L..), Standerwick (N.). Cado
gan (II; C). . . ¦ .
Mile run — Hackley. R. Clifford. H. Clifford.
Xewhall, Gay (U. C). Hunter. DeMamlel <A..
A. L..). Miller <Bak. H. S.>. Ilolman (3.).
Lee« (V. II. C).
120-yard hurdles — First heat: Melvln (A.
A. L..). Chaplin (U. C). Hannisan (Un.).
Second, heat: Hume lU. C>, I lor ton and
Titus (A. A. L.). ••
From Ukiah to Los Angeles the
best amateur athletes of the present
day will be sent to the World's Fair
try-out field day at Berkeley Oval next
Saturday. A team is also coming from
Nevada to give the affair still more
tone. In the complete entry list here
with the names of practically every
prominent athlete now in training is
to be found. The only Stanford point
winner missing is Lanagan, the
hurdler. The University of California
list is complete, so anxious are the
Berkeley lads for another chance at
their conauerors of last Saturday. An
especially strong lot of the younger
element from the' Academic Athletic
League will be on hand with the pur
pose of beating the big colleges. The
records show they can do so in "several
instances. The best performers at
this meet will be sent by the Pacific
Athletic Association to the Olympian
games at St. Louis. Following is a
complete list of entries:
10O-yard dash — First heat : Cadogan and
Blngham (U. C). Friesell <N). McGuire (Un.).
Second heat: Abadie iV. C>, Steckel <N.>,
Beck (A. A. L.), Gyle (Un.>. Third heat:
Snediger (U. C), Cope (A. A. L..), Parson
(U. S. C).
resented at Berkeley Oval on Sat
urday.
'All Sections of th§ Coast Will Be Rep-
CLEVEREST OF ATHLETES
IX OLYMPIAN GAMES MEET
"Business men of this city appreciate
the importance of the Modesto-Turlock
irrigation system that has just been
completed. Many have arranged to go
on the California State Board of Trade
excursion to the celebration at
Modesto. The party will leave San
Francisco at 3:30 p. m. to-morrow, ar
riving at Modesto at 7:50 to-morrow
evening. They will occupy the Pullman
cars Friday and Saturday nights. Sat
urday morning the canal system will
be thoroughly, inspected, the excursion
ists leaving Modesto on a special train
going as far south as Turlock. After
returning to Modesto they will be
driven to the Stanislaus River.
The jubilee committee is doing every
thing possible to take care of a large
number of people, and h'as arranged for
ten tourist sleeping cars to be used for
lodgings. Tha California State Board
of Trade party will return to, San Fran
cisco on the Owl train early Sunday
morning, which will add greatly to the
pleasure of the trip.
Thus far the following parties have
engaged their reservations: General
N. B^Chipman, Colonel John P. Irish,
A. H. Vail, C. M.-Wooster, Charles H.
Spear and wife, John C. Kirkpatrick,
John D. Mackenzie,. L. D. Norton, L. M.
Fletcher, Marshal Hale.Foster Cole, J.S.
Emery and wife, Charles Brown, Wash
ington Dodge, E. W. Armstrong, CM.
Wight, L. W. White, W. Chlllings
worth and wife, Henry Campe, A. S.
Lundy and E. W. Maslin.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON*.
WASHINGTON. April 20.— The Sena
tor Perkins amendment to the naval
appropriation bill providing for \ the
building of. one of- two colliers in a
navy yard on the Pacific Coast was
finally adopted to-day. This provision
that one of the two colliers be built in
a navy yard was originally proposed
by Bell of California in the House two
months ago. When the bill got to the
Senate Perkins amended it providing
that both colliers be built in navy
yards, one on each coast, thus insuring
one to Mare Island if the amendment
carried. The House refused to accept
the amendment. The Senator insisted
and his conferees reported a disagree
ment. In the House to-day Bell made
a strong plea for the Senate amend
ment and it was carried by a large
majority. ,
The building of the collier will mean
an expenditure of $1,250,000 at Mare
Island and it is thought to be the fore
runner of a policy to build warships in
navy yards.
The House to-day, after an extended
debate, sent the naval appropriation
bill back to conference, r the only dis
puted Senate amendment accepted be
ing that providing for the construction
in navy yards of the two colliers.
Turlock Will Be Viewed and
Works Upon Stanislaus
Eiver as Parts of System
Passage of. Measure Means
Expenditure of $1,250,000
at Station ISear Vallejo
TO INSPECT BIG CANALS
BELL WINS HAKD FIGHT
Bill Providing" for the Con
structioii of a Vessel^ in
Xavy Yard Passes Senate
State Board of Trade Starts
To - 3Iorrq>v for Jubilee
¦That Means Much to Valley
WILL REJOICE
WITH MODESTO
MARE ISLAND
GETS COLLIER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, f HURSDAY, APRIpf 21, - 1904,
14
j SPECIAL AOTICES._
| THE San Francisco Protestant Orphan 'Asylum
i Society herewith gives notice that the fol-
lowing orohan • and half-orphan girls and
boys have been admitted to the asylum
on Halsht atreet from January 1, 1SJ04. .to.
April 1. 1904: Violet Lundberg. 0 years S
months: Stella Kern, 8 years 1) months: Ab-
ble Kern. 3 years 7 months; Clbella Bank.
9 years 4 months; Isabella Jackman, . 10
years 0 months: Valda Sharp,. 0 years 3
months;- Sybil M. Sharp, 4 years 3 months;
. Carl Voss, 10 years 10 months: Rudolph
Voss. 8 years: Edward Kern. 8 years 1
month; George Kern, ft years 4 months:
Frant Hodix? 0 years: Daniel L. Sharp, 2
years 4 months; Augustus Postel, 8 years;
Frederick Postel. 0 years. SUSAN RUS-
fiELL SPOTTS. Secretary.
Ladles! Chichester's English Pennyroyal '. Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4o
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
In letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Ch5rh«.»ter Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Ta.
gPECIALISTg.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positlvfly cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter st.
SLOT MACHINES. ~
Blot machines, $25; punchers $25; lifters, card
machines.$20. W.A.Rradford CQ..11S5 Market.
»TITIEHI.\Q akd STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE Institute, Van Ness & Market.
» promise* cure if In fair health: hours 1 to 5.
DIVIDEXD NOTICES.
B— N FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. '5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 70S Market St.. opposite Third
For the half year ending 31st of December.
1S03. a dividend has been declared at the
tat* cer annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital * stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY of California, Berkeley. Notice !
to contractors, builders and material men— !
Notice is hereby given that sealed bids are
solicited for p«rforming the labor and fur- i
nishing the materials for the granite and
brick work for California Hall on the grounds
of the University of California at Berkeley.
California, and said bide will be received at
the office of the Regents, South Hall, Berke-
ley, at or before 12 o'clock m. of April
twenty-fifth. 1004. Plans and specifications
of eaid granite 'and brick work have been
adopted and may be examined daily at o'fice
of the Regents from 9 a. m. until 4 p. m.
No bids will be considered unless accom-
panied by a certified check or bond of bidder
in favor of the Regents of the University of
California, equal to ten (10) per cent of his
bid with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
if said bid be accepted, the bidder will auly
enter into a proper contract to falthfully
perform the duty and obligations In accord-
ance with said bid and with the plans and
specifications which are hereby required to be
a part of such contract. The right to reject
any and all bids Is hereby reserved. By or-
der of the Committee on Grounds and Build-
ings of the Board of Regents. V. H. HEN-
DERSON. Acting Secretary.
UNIVERSITY of California. Berkeley— Notice
to contractors, builders and material men
Notice is hereby given that sealed bids are
solicited for . performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for the superstructure
• of the central power plant on the grounds
of the University of California at Berkeley.
California, and said bids will be received at
the office of the Regents, South Hall Ber-
keley, at or before 12 o'clock m. of April 26,
1904. Plans and specifications of said super-
structure of the central power plant ' have
been adopted and may be examined dally at
; office of the Regents from 9 a. m, until 4 p.
! m. No bids will be considered unless ac-
companied by a certified check or bond of
bidder. In favor of the Regents of the Uni-
versity of California, equal to ten (10) p«r
cent of his bid with sufficient sureties, con-
ditioned that if said bid be accepted, the
bidder will duly enter Into a proper contract
to faithfully perform the duty and obliga-
. tlons In accordance with said bid and with
the plans and specifications which are here-
by required to be a part of such contract.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents. V. H.
HENDERSON, acting secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., April 18. 1904.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m., Tuesday,
May 3, 1904, and then opened, for furnishing
10 draft mules, required for use at Presidio
of San Francisco, Fort McDowell., Cal. and
San Diego Barracks. Cal. Government re-
serves right to reject or accept any or all
bids In whole or In part. Bids will be con-
sidered for a less number of animals than
that stated. Preference given to articles
of domestic production, conditions of pn-e
and. quality (including in the price of for-
eign productions the duty thereon) belnr
equal, and such preference given to articles
of American production produced on the Pa-
cific Coast, to extent of consumption re-
quired by the public service there. Infor-
mation furnished on application to WM 6.
PATTEN. Assistant Q. M. General. U. S. A.
Chief Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department
Washington. D. C. until 12 o'clock noon!
May 24. 1004, and publicly opened Immedi-
ately thereafter, to furnish the annual supply
of coal, coke, wood, charcoal, fuel oil etc
at the Navy Yards. Mare Island, Cal., and
Puget Sound. Wash.: the Naval Training
. Station. San Francisco. Cal.. and the annual
supply of coal at the Naval Hospitals Mare
Island. Cal.. and Puget Sound, Wash. Blank
proposals will be furnished upon application
to the Navy Pay Offices, San Francisco, Cal.
and Seattle. Wash..or to the Bureau II T. B*
HARRIS, Paymaster General U. S. N.' 4-4-04
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington. D. C, until 12 o'clock noon.
May 17, 1904, and publicly opened Immedi-
ately thereafter, to furnish at the Naval Hos-
pital and the M. and S. Storehouse, Mare Isl-
and. Cal.. the dally supply of meats, gro-
ceries, butter, eggs, cheese. Ice. milk, bread,
vegetables, beer and provender for the fiscal
year ending June «0. 1005. Blank proposal:,
will be furnished upon application to the
Naval Hospital, Mare Island, Cal.. or to the
Navy Pay Office. San Francisco, Cal. H.T.ll
HARRIS. Paymaster General U. S. N, 4-5-04
SEALED proposale will be received at the of-
fice of the Lighthouse Engineer, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., until 12 o'clock m., standard
time. THURSDAY. May 19, 1004, and then
opened, for the construction of a concrete
base for a light and fog signal station on
Mile Rock, entrance to San Francisco JJar-
bor. Cal., In accordance with specifica-
tions, copies or which, with blank proposals
and other Information, may be had upon ap-
plication to Lieutenant Colonel THOS II
HANDBURY, Corps of Engineers, U. s'. A.
Enslneer. k
U. S. ENGINEER Office, Flood buflding. San
Francisco. Cal.. April 21, 1904. — Sealed pro-
posals for dredging In San Pablo Bay. Cal.,
will b». received here until 12 noon. Tuesday,
May 24. 1004. Information I on application
W. H. HEUER. Lieut. Col., Enrrs.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses were Issued yesterday as
follows:
Arthur Stone. 21, Sacramento, and May
Huff, 25, Alameda.
George W. Kneese, 49. South San Francisco,
and Anna M. Bosquet. 42, 1108 Gough street.
James B. Feehan. 21, 443 Page street, and
Cecelia G. Sherry. 18. 3335 Clay street.
Benjamin P. Jonas, 25. 433 Franklin street,
and Vlpla S. Hauser, 20, 1270 Union street. •
George W. King. 30, Presidio,, and Ida M.
Trowbrldge, SO, C65 McAllister street. "
Otto B. Schoenky. 29, Sacramento, and Ag-
nese Barrett. 26, 1162 Elite street.
Ira G. O'Brien, 21. 812 Fulton street, and
Mary E. McCormick; 21,, San Maeto.
James E. Brown, 42, 17 Capp street, and
Minnie R. Rogers, 38, 17 Capp street.
Bernard Fox, 27. C33 Tennessee street, and
Julia Freeman. 21. 917 Illinois street.
Richard •Cotter, 28. 831 Harrison street, and
Nellie Quirk, 27, city.
Algernon S. G. Jackson, 21* ' 18 Bylngton
avrnue. and Margary MacEacheon, 21, city.
Curtis M. Graves. 24. city, and Agnes C.
Nelson, 21, city.
Frank J. Ross, 23, 018 Montgomery street,
and Marie Lang., 22. 1611*4 Dupont street
James A. Solllane, 22. 412 Harrison street,
and Sarah K. Smith, 17, 220 Dorland street.
Isedore W. Adge, 27. Willits. and Vivian E.
Henderson. 19, Willits.
Elmer E. Paxton. 36,* Honolulu, and Harriet'
Regelsberger, 21. Honolulu. -
Isaiah H. Tread well, 22, 1022 Jackson street,
and Ida L. Robinson, 23, 10 Moss street.
Edmund C. Selenrer. 21. 1630 Ellis street,
and Frances M. Knight, 18, 1630 Ellis street
Henry C. J. Toomey, 21, city, and Julia A.
Skclly. .18. city, ; ,
• BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and d/ath notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either- of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized : to have . the same published
Notices restricted simply to the -announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. ..' . . ... ' .
BORN.
GIBSON— In thU city. March 25.1904, to the '
wife of -Walter Gibson, a" daughter.'- .-".
MARRIED. . -~~ ~~
McEACHRAN— MORAN— In this city, April
19. 1904,, by' the Rev, William C. Pond,
William I^iwrle McEachran of - Hjxjkane,
, Waeh., and Lillian Irene Moran of this city//
} j POI\T RICHMOND RHAI, ESTATE.
- ! FACTORY OR WAREHOUSE SITE.
iM acres, fronting on rights of way of both
- Southern Pacific and Santa Fe railroads; «•
- ceptlonal facilities for shipping over both
; roads; elevated and - well drained. Cheapest
; I land having same advantage* on the market,
t t S#* J. H. MACDONALD & CO.. 1«2 Broad-
I way, Oakland.
I ROOMS FOJl^HO^^KlvEKHIXG^
t AXL^unrTyri)<i!Tn~clty: 3 or 4 rooms furnish-
ed or unfurnished. ST. CHARLES APART-
MENTS. 15tS0 Sacramento St.. nr. Larkln.
» CALIFORNIA, 3031—3 or 5 sunny housekeep-
) *ing rooms, furnished . complete; gas range;
adults. . '
! CI.AV 1323 — Elegantly furnished apartments.
i two "or three; pleasant surroundlnirs.
f ELLIS, €11— Nicely furnished, sunny alcove;
light housekeeping; everything furn.; bath.
• FOURTEENTH. 726 — 3 or 4 rooms furnished;
north of Market st.; new carpets.
' FRANKLIN. 203 — Three nicely furnished
j fcousek'pplng rccm*; bath: sunny corner flat.
IFULTOX, 233 — Two connecting housekeeping
roims; gas range, grate; no children.
GOUGH. 137— Two sunny front rooms for light
housekeeping. ¦ " "¦
i GUERRERO. 104 — Three elegant sunny con-
necting rooms; regular kitchen; steel range;
edults^ ¦
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny, furnished 3-room euttes: steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths: rate $30 up.
Lr.A VEN WORTH. IO9—3 or 4 sunny house-
keeping rooms; parlor floor; rent reasonable.
MARKET. 1032 — 2 rooms with gas and coal
stove; $12^ •_
MINNA. 549— Large sunny furnished front
housekeeping rooms; also single room*.
POWELL. 208 — Sunny housekeeping rooms;
reasonable.
SIXTH. 308 — Elegast. sunny front room and
kitchen complete for housekeeping.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726, near Dolores— Three
sunny bay window rooms; nice, neat, com-
plete.
APA.ETMEKT HOUSES,
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be finished March 15.
1CS4 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms aaj
bath each; all unfurnished: $27 50 to $40.
Make reservations now.
6T. CECILF. 115 Fell, above Van Ness— Tha
acme of perfection tn elegantly furn. 3-roorn
apartment: ; private baths, steam beat, elec-
tric lights elevator, eas ranges; $30 to $55.
ET. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms: also single; furnished or unfurnished:
tnarin* view- references. Phone East 13*0.
i ROOMS To LET — Furn. and I'nUrn.
i AURORA, ccrr.er Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
J modern and sunny; prices from $1 CO per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house in
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
! A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth et— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
( ¦ ¦ '
AT 'The - Almcnte." S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Roome, 25c. 50c.' $L $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
A NEWLY furnished sunny front room, suit-
able for man and wife; also single rooms for
gentlemen. 312 Mason st.. near Geary.
BURNETT. 1426 Market <old No. 1304) — Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Elile, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS <Tbe). CIS Post, nr. Taylor— Just
opened; desirably located; sunny single rooms
and suites, with private baths, hot and cold
water, -team beat, electric lights, phone every
I room; elevator. Phone East 1317 If desired.
¦ ELLIS, 611— Nicely furnished, sunny front
suite; alto single rooms. Phone Sutter 5671.
j FOR t>lng:e gentleman, tn private home (no
othe; roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adoining ; 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2624, Call office.
FRANKLIN. 721, nr. Golden Gate— Sunny, fur-
nished front room; all conveniences; S12.
i ¦
! GEARY. C60— Newly furnished, renovated rms;
I all eunny; homelike; central; piano; baths.
1 GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
j to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wlc; reading-room.
! GRANT ave.. 7 — Nicely furnished, eunny rooms
! suitable for two; $2 50 to SS week.
, HAYES, 108^ — Nicely furnished eulte of
rooms, convenient for 2 gentlemen; bath, gas. ;
JESSIE. 363, east U. S. Mint— Furnished front
room, S7 per month.
LAKKIE. 28. off Mission, near 9th — 5-room cot-
tage: very sunny and nice; call in afternoon;
rent $15.
PINE, 777 — Furnished rooms and board; new
modern house; use of parlor, piano, bath;
$5 and $6 a week. /
ROYAL House. 12C Ellls^ — Incandescent lights,
readirg-room. smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $S: month, $6 to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
STOCKTON House, 41 Stockton St.— Nicely
furnished suites, also single; $1 50. $2 50. $8
week. ,
SUITER, 935 — Newly furnished room.
THE ST. KATHRTN, N.E. cor. Leaveaworth
and Ellis — Sunniest rooms in the city; new
hotel; just furnished fresh and clean: hair
mattresses in every room; also hot and cold
water. bathR. etc.: steam beat throughout:
elevator service and every modern conveni-
ence; rooms from $3 per week up.
' UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms, 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric Hghtf mo gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room: free bus; baggage.
1 WOLF House. 202 Sixth — Electric light In every
room: 15c to $1 a night: 75c to $5 a week;
opfn all night; convenient to all cars.
VAN NESS ave., 51»— Elegant front parlor*
and adjoining suite for office or club.
VAN NESS, 1314. nr. Sutter— Exceptionally
desirable, sunny front alcove and single
room; newly furnished; modern conven-
iences; private: references.
WEBSTER. 821. corner Golden Gate ave. —
Three connecting rooms, including large room
; with fire prate, large kitchen and small bed-
room; all front and sunny; $17.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St., near Market —
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night: $2 to $8 week; elevator:
I elec. lights; readlqg-room; free bus; baggage.
i A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
• j of advertisements and subscriptioni has been
opened at 1008 Market et.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ROOMS AND DOARD.
EDGEMERE^HOTELr~^~^^^'
TS1 Bush rt., above Powell; select flrtt-
! class .residential hotel: elegantly furnished
aad table unsurpassed; electric light; steam
hrated and private exchange telephones ia
•very roost; terms reasonable.
B. DU CA'RPE. Propw
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
' PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70ft,
HOWARD. 841A— Ftrst-clas* board with room,
single or double, $5-$6 week; American fam-
ily; home cooking; home comforts; piano.
HOTEL EL6MERE. 418 Sutter— Sunny suites,
single rms.; excellent table; moderate prices.
; O'FARRELL, 1420— Rooms with board; sunny;
euitatile for 2; bath; phone.
, i
VAN NESS are.. 1714 — Elegantly furnished
; *u1t— with baths: also single: homelike.
ROOMS AND BOARD WATTED.
BOARD and suite for one; private family vi-
cinity of park preferred; $40. Address, with
: references, box 1352, Call office.
STORACK A.\D WAREHOUSES.
t A — EMPORIUM Storage* Van Co.; furniture
t household goods stored, moved, chipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 181.
i A — GILBERT & 8TOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1236 Market, r. 84; tel. South 750.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co ON
; Co Post and Powell sta.; teL Priv. Ex. 871.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 120.
;> GOLDEN West Storage; advances made 840
' Mission St.; teL Howard Ml. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 251.
. BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
. «t.: tel Main l»4ft Shipping at cut rate*.
i J^^gp _M ->C^ [j-yff ?. AAD SUPPLIES.
( DOMESTIC — The • machine lor family use;
best Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at
any price: all kinds rented lowcat rates
• Domestic office. 1021 Market, near Stxth.
NEW HOME— See • our new triple-feed ma-
chines; dlgbtly used; $10, $15. $20; second-
hanB, $3. $5. $8: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Se wine Machine Co.. 1051 Market iC
ALaMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
AUMKOt KK*t. KSTA.TE.
55-50 — A RARE bargain: chance of a llfe-
t'.m*-; two beautiful. up-to-dat» modern «-
room flats on Clinton ave- : bay frontage;
beautiful marine view: elegant *urf bathing;
bathhouse «"tc. : this it- a rare chance; don't
overlook It' HAMMOND & HAMMOND. 1422
Park et.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'XTS
PERKKLEV^AI^^ATO^
*266O— HALF block by the Santa Fe; $50
month.
$1400 — New cottage. 6 rooms; bath, panto',
tity water. Mnlt&ry plumbing: lot 60x100; 1
block from «-^ctric cars: »150 down. fSS
monthly.
$S50 — Neat cottage, 5 rooms and bath; near
station of ltxral train.
(500— Lot, 60x120. on broad macadamized
etr*etr $50 down, J10 monthly; Interest 6 per
cent net.
$1200 — Houw. 4 rooms; garden, etc.: *IN»
down, $10 p*r month.
J185O— Hniur. 6 rooms and bath; Kt SOxlJO;
email ban-. ; rtreet sewered.
$1250— Burtnera corn t on principal avenue:
lot 60x1(10.
*15OiV-Lot for factory site. 221x125.
J250— Triangle lot, 40x120. with creek lined
with willow?; $25 down. $10 month.
$1100— Hou**. 4 rooms; lot 47x125: flw>
down, S15 i^er month.
SS75 — Busings lot, 20x75; $20 down.
1250— Lot. 50x100; $25 down. $& month.
CHAS. A. BAILET.
1060 University ave.. nr. San Pablo *ve.,
We«t Berkeley.
$3000 — N«w 6-room house; lot 35x110; street
work complete; only 3 blocks of station;
(500 cash and balance $25 per month,
including Interest »t S per cent.
$^700— New 5-room cottage and high basement;
large lot; street work complete; $700 cash,
balance eaey.
$7K> for only a chort time; 4 lots, 40x120
eac*!. In warm belt of town: one block
of C'oll« > «re ave., frttuated on Cherry «t.
/.200 — 7-room bouse, lot 60x140, near car
lir.# and station; street work complete;
must be sold at once; come and investi-
gate.
MORAN & bWAIN,
» 2131 Shattnck ave..
Orp. Berkeley etaticn.
THE GREATEST SNAP IN BERKELET. >
*25<*> — Easy ternw; a nearly new 2-story colo-
nial bout*, containing 8 large room*, viz: 2 re-
ception room*, dining-room with mantel and flre-
r'toe. kitchen, pantry. 4 bedrooms, bath, pat-
ent toilet: stationary tubs on back porch; city
water; gas flttlnirs throughout; high lot. size
• 0si35. fenced; •treot work done and cement
fr;t and walk to back porch: s minutes' walk
ir*»m Arhby station. Sole agent. H. D. IR-
WIN. Lorin R. R. station. Berkeley.
BEEKELEV HOTELS.
HOTEL BERKELET REOPENS— This elegant-
ly appointed house is now under a new and
experienced manafrement. The s*n-|ce is first
class, the accommodations homelike, the treat-
ment of guests courteous, the rates low. Th<»
hotel is eituate<f en Dwight way. one block
»«?st of the Dwight way station, and is there-
fore convenient to both the Key route and ,$.
P. ferry systems. Rates, per day. transteat,
«r» from $2 to $3. anil per month are $30 lo
$50. according to apartments. Banquets and
wadding dinners will t*» served on short no-
tice tn the most fashionable and delightful
manner. All interested in this announce-
ment are invited to call at the house and in-
Epect it. Any further information desired
will be promptly given. Tel. Dana 136.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
Pai'lTVALE REAL, ESTATE.
V«;entine G. Hush. Pt. Stephen R. Thorne, Sec.
First National Bank. Treas.
SVNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
INCORPORATED IN 1SS9,
312 BCEH ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
REAL ESTATE.
INSURANCE
AND
MONET TO LOAN.
¦ - j
UF.ANCH OFFICE, FRUITVALE.
$1400.
This it a nice three-room cottage, with
floor In basement, convenient to street cars
and broad-gauge train to city; jet us show
thl3 to you.
$225«.
Here Is a fine faouEe near broad-gauge
train, five rooms, cove ceilings and opent
plumbing; easy terms. call and look at
thts before buying.
$2100.
New five-room house with al] modern Im-
provements, iour blocks from local; corner
lot. £ec us about It. 1 ,
$2250.
New 6-room house two blocks Trom broad-
tsuge local to city. Xronting en Putnam et..
Krultvale. This is offered at less than Its
-value; termt can be arranged to suit pur-
Uiaser.
300.
Morr than three hundred lots for sale In
and about Fruitvale. Easy terms.
Ranch of 1^.500 acres within 100 miles of 1
8an Francisco for» saJ«-. ell first-class land
FUii&ble for subdivision into Email tracts-
railroad utatlon and navigable river on one
tid». Will stand fullest investigation.
It represents an apoarent profit of one
million dollars to the man who will subdi-
Mde it. For full particulars call or write to
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT OOMPANV
FRUITVALE STATION. California
Telephone Ash CS7.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
CHAS. F. LEE. Phone Vale 296.
OfficF. half block from Fruitvale Station.
J?5f>— New n-room cottage; close to local
train, etreet cars and Bne school; streets sew-
cif^i; lot 25x105.
$2000— Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
fruit tree* and (lowers in great abundance- fine
.hicken yard an<l chicken house: street work
al! done and powered; electric lighted; close to
school: on the hills; lot 04x139
$1500— Beautiful bungalow *hlngl»>d cottage
o*. 5 room* »nd bath; large pantry; nice garden-
cement walk*; street work all done; electric
lighted; Ftreet sewered; lot 42x125; clo«w to
«r«wt car* and school; one of the best b»r-
iihr.r in Fruitvale.
S1500 — 4 roome and bath, high basement cot-
l»ge: "nly one year old; lot 50x112; a very
df*irsble. property and cheap at this prfce
$2200-- Beautiful cottage or 4 rooms and bath
nigh basement, sanitary waahtut*: chicken
h'.-ui«p: on the main county road; fine neigh-
borhood; ov,-n*r going away; property offered
•t a sacrifice; lot 75x200; fronting on two
«re*ts; only $4.Vi c**h and the balance bank
loan, payable $18 20 per month.
$3750—34 acres of beautiful land, all coverf-d
with fruit tre»*: large 2-«ory barn; fine wind-
mill and tank; 7 chicken houses, iacubator
btt*x1rr. brooder-house, about 100 chickens"
boroe. wagon, Jersey cow, plow and cultivator
«nd «11 kind* of garden tools: propertv all sur-
rounded by a first -olass fence; nice* creek of
running- water passes through the property an
ideal spot for a poultry ranch; close to the
<-•*?¦• and fine schoo!; adjoining propertv land
alon* held at $W00 per acr»; this is a bargain
875 lots in th» beautiful Rota I>* Tract-
fine eoil; grand view; new homes rapidly goint;
up; no cold winds or w«t fogn and lots onlv $75
each: $5 down, b&lanco $2 .V) per month
CHAS. F. LEE, 1222 FrultvaV ave. •
OAKLAND ADVER1ISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKI-AM) REAL KSTATE.
EELDENS BARGAINS.
$3250— Fine 6-room cottage and lot 45x100
on Jowb St.. near Telegraph ave. ; verr central.'
$31<1O — Splendid income investment and spec-
ulation; flats tn raptdly advancing section- well
rented: will take good lot in part payment
$2500 — Choice 6-room cottage on Jones 'st
urar Grove; right in the heart of town- lot
afuioo.
$2*^0— Nice «-room cottage near Adeline
station; lot 35x115.
51050 will buy a 7-room cottage and lot
45xliT!. few blocks from Pan Pablo ave and
Key route. BELDEN. Real Estate,
1112 Broadway. Oakland.
$50 CASH. $5 monthly: 100x245 ft., covered
with imm»!is» «had«- trees;,«sandy loam soil-
rrand vi«»w of buy and surrounding countrv •
close to main county road: 90 ft. boulevard!
lovely lake of springs, high and dry near the
foothills. ' not far from a 3-«tory Bchoolhouse
and electric cars; an ideal epot and more
• land can be had If deeired. adjoining Kast
Oakland; section building up rapidly nrir»
¦II told. $800. Call or send for circular 455
Seventh *L. opp. Broadway station Oakland-
carriage free. H. Z. JONES, Land Owner. '
10 ACKEe of land in suburbs of Oakland- well
located «o subdivide and eell lots: electric
cars to the property; chance to make $5000-
would exchange for Improved property f'
BIShQP. 4W Tenth et.. Oakland. Cal. T^
SNAP— Lot. $1C5. 23x100. 3 blocks to local;
snap. $2350. 7-room house. 50-foot lot. WM.
P. TODD. 1070 Broadway. Oakland. '
O AKLAXI) BOUSES TO LET.
ELEGANT S-roora house, bath, basement, at-
tic; Habit; large grounds; eplendld locality;
*se> walk to cars, locals and school; photos
In office; beautiful place: partly furnished *if
dcslrt-d. $10: unftirnleh^d, $35. Including hous*
»«ter; references required; It Is a snap. BUT-
TjCRS & BUHRING. 072 Broadway.
TO-MORROW the day for, bargains In furn!'
' turc. H. £chcllliaas,Uth tt.,cor.etore.Oaklaa4.
I DIED.
j AnstPtb.: Fred J. .' "Kelly, Gtrtrude ¦ •
I Brown, Dr. Charlotte' Kennedy, Thomas
I Cayot, Augustus M.' Malone. -Albert . ;
. Cooper. Ellen : - Meissel. ' Phoebe
Howling, Wm. J. ¦'Meyer,-.' Joseph- "¦'
Foy, Mrs. Mrs. L.M. Mulanthy. ¦ William
Goldberg. Annie ¦ ." Muller, Lena
Gove, CaDt. I. W. Nobmann. Mrs. A.M.
Guilbert, William J," Perry, Frank A.
Guinnane, Mary: : Reavey,' Andrew J.
*¦ Hansf 11, G. Frank ' Ball, Esther - r: /
- Harris. Mitchell ; G. Stewart. Ida"
Healey, Helena* ' Strauss. - Bernard
Hennessy. Ellen Sullivan, Ellen ;
Joseph, William N. .Thirlwell. Thos. L.
v Kast. Mrs . *W. Ward, Mary
Kell, Frederick C. Zellnsky, '-Bertha
1 Keirns, Thos. F. \ ; ' ' .
ANSTETH— In"* Oakland. April 20, 1904, Fred
J.. beloved husband of Harriet Ansteth, . a
natU'e of Illinois, aged 31 years. (Peorla,
111., papers- please copy.) ¦
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), April 21. , at 2:30
o'clock, at the Nrecldence of Mrs. Harriet
. Munroe, 669 Thirty-fifth street, Oakland. In-
. terment Mountain View t Cemetery.
BROWN— In this "city, April 19. 1904. Dr.
•Charlotte Blake, wife of Henry Adams
Brown, and mother of Adalalde and Philip
King Brown and Mrs. Harriet L. B. Dar-
, ling of Brookllne, Mass., a native of Phlla*;
dplphla, aged 57' years. (Boston papers
please>-opy.) ". .-.,-. S
- CTFuneral services at the First Congre-
. gatlonal 1 Church, corner Post and Mason
streets, at 11 o'clock, Thursday, April 21.
Interment private. v
CAYOT— In this city. April 19. 1904, Augustus
M., beloved husband of Clara A. Cayot. and
father of Ethel. Augustus C. and Doris
Cayot, a native of France, aged 59 years 9
months and 16 days. (Oroville, Cal., papers
please copy.) . . ¦ - '•
E~ Friends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the -funeral services
¦ to-day (Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock, at his
late residence, 1109 Green street. Interment
private. . t-
COOPER— In this city, '.'April' 20.'. 1904." Ellen,
beloved wifa of John Cooper, and beloved
mother of Mary, Violet and Florence Cooper,
J. E. Slate. Mrs. H. M. Owensj and J. II.
Johnson, and sisttr of William and James
Falrclough. Betsy Thomas and Mary Taylor,
. r native of Manchester, England, aged 68
years 1 month and 1 day.
DOWLING— An anniversary mass will be cele- 1
brated for the repose of the soul of the late j
William J. Dowl Ing, Saturday. April 23. at;
St. Charles Church, Eighteenth and Shot-
well utreets, at 7:30 o'clock.
FOY— In Los Angeles, Monday, April , 18. 1904. '
at the residence of Mrs. Luclnda M. Foy, 651
South FiKueroa street. Hazel Louise Foy.
only daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John M. Foy.
and t-ister of John Macy Foy Jr., and grand-
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John Squires of
' Berkeley, aged 15 years 8 months and 10
days.
tC7"Funeral services at 2:30 o'clock Thurs-
day, April 21, at 2212 Bancroft way, Berke-
ley. '
GOLDBERG— In this city. April. 20, 1904.
Annie, beloved wife of David Goldberg, and
mother of Gabriel and Harry Goldberg, a
native of Witkova. Posen, Germany, aged
62
GOVET-In Berkeley, Cal., April 17, 1904, Cap-
tain I. W. Gove, beloved husband of Eliza-
beth Gove, and jfather of Captain G. W.
Gove and Charles E. Gove, a native of North
Edgecomb, Me., aged 71 years and 6 months.
IL^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the family
residence, 2159 Center street, Berkeley. In-
terment private.
GUILBERT— In trfis city, April 20, 1904,
William J., beloved husband of Edith L.
Guilbert. and father of Ruth and Efclth
Guilbert. and loving son of Mr. and Mrs.
A. Guilbert, and brother of August, Sophie
and Carmlleta Guilbert, and son-in-law of
Charles W. Kramer, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 25. years 5 months and 1 day.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Friday), at 11 :30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McKadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. .
GUINNANE— In this city, April 19, 1904,
Mary, wife of James H. Gulnnane, and
mother, of William J., Joseph P., James,
Harry, John. Marguerite, Edward and the
late Mary Francis and ErUly Louise Guln-
nane. a native of Philadelphia, aged 54 years.
(Charleston, S. C, papers please copy.)
' CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1571 Church street, between Dun-
can and Twenty-eighth, thence to St. Paul's
Church, -where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HANSELL— In this city, April 18, 1904, G.
Frank, beloved husband of Effle Hansell, and
son of George B. Hansell. a "native of Port
Townsend. Wash., aged 35 years 6 months
and 12 days.
C7Frlends and 'acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday),', at 2 o'clock, at "the
Mission Masonic Temple, 26«8 Mission street,
between Twenty-second and. Twenty-third,
under the auspices of Mission Lodge No. 169,
F. and A. M. Interment Seattle, Wash. Re-
mains at the funeral parlors of Bunker &
Lunt. 2666 Mission street.
HARRIS— In this city. April 20. 1904, Mitchell'
G.. beloved liunband of Emllle Harris, and
father of Mrs. J. Hertzberg, Mrs. It. Grauer,
and Sam. Lewis and .'Benjamin M. Harris,
a • native of Lessler, Germany, aged 72
, years and 15 days.
HEALEY— In this city, April 19. 1904, Helena,
dearly beloved daughter of Michael and the
late Sablna Healey, and loving sister of Ber-
nard, Martin, Sablna and the late Minnie
Healey and the late Mrs. Kate Carter, a
native of San Francisco, aged 20 years a
months and 23 days.
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late-
residence, 32 Woodward avenue, thence to
Miesiun Dolores Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of ner soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HENNESSY— In Petaluma, April 20, 1904,
Ellen, beloved wife of the late Simon Hen-
nessy. and sister of the Rev. Brother Bet-
telin and Rev. Brother Justin, and mother
'. of John Gall Icran. Mrs. Mabel McMahon.
Mrs. Albert L»vy and M. J. and W. J. Hen-
ncssy. a native of Ireland, aged 60 yearE.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
April 23, at 9 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White 423 Golden Gate
•venue, thence to St.- Mary'a Cathedral,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the reoone of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
JOSEPH— In this city, April 18, 1904, William
Nathaniel, beloved husband of Ella Joseph,
a .native of West India Islands, aged 65
yearn 1 month and 24 days. (New York
papers plcaee copy.) -
IT~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), April 21, at 1 o'clock,
from the Cooper African Zlon Methodist
Church. 949 Campbell street, Oakland. ¦ In-
terment Evergreen Cemetery. Oakland.
KAST— In this ', city, April - 20, 1804. Rt the
1 residence of her son, John Kast, 27 Dolores
street, Mrs. Walburga Kast. a native of
Baden.' Germany. In tho ninetieth year of her
age. A member of the Christian Mothers
and Third Order of St. Francis.
E^Ftienda are invited to attend the
requiem, maes for the repose of her soul on
Friday. April 22, ' at 9 o'clock, at St. An-
thony's Church, Army street, near Folsom.
Interment Holy Cross ¦ Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from Thirtieth street and San
Jc*e avenue. '¦ - , , - .• .
KEIL— In this city. April 20. ,1004, Frederick
C. Kell, dearly beloved husband of Mary. C.
I Keil. and father of George F.. Louise. Alma
. and Karen Kell, a native of Denmark, aged
54 yea re and 20 days." ': #
CyThe funeral services will be held
Friday, April 22, at 11 o'clock, at the family
residence. 6 Waller street. Interment private.
KEIRNS— In Delta. Colo., April 20, 1904.
Thomas F. Kelrns, beloved brother of Mrs.
M. A. Lyons, a i native of California, aged
33 years. . :
KELLY In the City and County > Hospital,
April 20. 1904, Gertrude Kelly, a native of
California, aged 22 years.
KENNEDY— In Alameda, . April 19, 1904,
Thomas Kennedy, beloved -husband of Mary
Kennedy, and father of Mrs/ Charles Kelley,
Mrs. H.J.* Lynch. William and Frank Ken-
nedy and the late Thomas and rAlcx ,Ken-
nedy, a ¦ native of Cane HatteraS." accd 74
years. ¦ " ', : <¦: '.¦¦'¦ --'-.' . : ...
MALONE— In this city. April IS, 1904, Albert,
beloved husband of Mary >C. Malone, and
father of Albert L. Mafbne.'and eon; ol Mrs.
"Kate Fagun, and brother of E. C.and T. C.
Malone, a. native of Portland, Ore.; aced 5JI
years 1 month and 29 days. (Portland papers
; please copy.) .¦.-'. ¦-'¦ j: ..:.,:/ , :
. (CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect 1
fully . invited to-, attend the funeral . services
Thursday,- April 21,. at* 1 :30 o'clock,' at the
' mortuary chanel" of -the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company; * 2470 ' Mission I street, near.
Twenty-first.' Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery, private.* ":, .-•: ' * i .'-
MEISSEL— In this city. April 19, 1904, \ Phoebe,',
. -. beloved wife of : Frederick Meissel, a native
- of Hampshire, ' England,-, aged -76 years 8
months and 16 days. .- - , '.
(ETFrlends \ are , respectfully • Invited to at-
tend the funeral services ( Friday, „' April 22.
at 2 o'clock*, at her.late residence," 8 John-
ston ' avenue. ,. ; Interment * at : Odd , Fellows'..
Cemetery. - --. ; -.
MEYER— In 1 ' this city. ¦ April 20. 1904. ¦ Joseph.
- ; beloved : husband of- Eva Meyer; and" step-
* father . of . T Gertie; M. '¦•* Smith. .' a ;' native ;. of
Baden. Germany, -aged; 70 year*. .- ' .'
MULANTHY— In-' this : pity; ADrit 19; 1904,
¦ William Mulanthy,- aTnatlve* of Ireland, aged
02 years o months and 7, days..* v'/ * -'. - ?<.."'
* : ' EyNotico . of:- funeral -- hereafter. Remains
F. J. : Monahan; Manager/ ; : Tel. .' Mission 31."
monahan; o-H_jt&;&m
. FUNERAL DIRECTOrVaND EMBALMERS,
2230-2341 Mission st., near Nineteenth.
. San Fraaclsco. .; .' .; '. .
at the parlors 1 of J..C. O'Connor & Co.." 767
Mission street, . between Third and Fourth.
MULLER— In this city.. April 18, 1904, Lena,
¦ dearly beloved and only daughter of Carl L.
and Elizabeth ,"Mullor. and devoted sister of
Philip C.,: Henry and Carl L.' Muller Jr.. a
native of San Francisco, aged 23 years 3
months and 14 days. A' member of Minerva
Parlor No. - 2, Native Daughters of the Gold-
.- en West:"- i ¦• ¦/ ¦'" ¦ ¦, -.;.. ¦ '\'-' ¦¦¦'.-¦ ¦ ¦ " '
HJTriends and acquaintancts are respect-
fully Invited to attend 'the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of, her parents, 133 Fourteenth • street, be-
tween Folsom and Shotwell streets. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
- . Minerva' Parlor No. 2, ' N. ; D. G. W. — Offi-
cers and members of Minerva Parlor No. 2,
N. D. G. W.. are hereby notified to attend j
the funeral services of our late sister, Lena
Muller, at her late residence. 133 Fourteenth I
street, at 12:30 o'clock sharp Thursday. By
order. LENA .WILSON." President.
. AGNES TIERNEY» Secretary pro tem. '
NOBMANN-Jn Oakland. April 19. 1 1904, .Mrs."
Anna M: Nobmann, widow of the late Cap-
tain Carl A. Nobmann; and mother of Anna
and Minna Nobmann,. a. native of Bremen,
Germany, aged Cfi years and 0 months.
lETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fnneral services
to-morrow (Fridav), at 10:30 o'clock, at her
late residence, 817 Thirteenth street, Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery,'
Oakland. ¦ .
PERRYv-In Oakland,, April 20. 1904, Frank
A. Perry, beloved husband of Annie Perry,
and son of Mrs. . C. Perry; and brother of
Mia. -Katie Silva, a native of Madera, aged
33 years 9 months and 15 days. ¦ . >
C3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited . to attend the funeral Friday,
April 22/.at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
. dence, 810 Center street, ' thence to St.
Joseph' Church, where a . solemn . requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 10 o'clock. -. Interment -StJ Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
REAVET— In this city, April 19, 1904, Andrew
J., dearly beloved husband of Clara Reavey,
and , father, of Helen Reavey, and brother of
Thomas . and James Reavey, a native of
New York.
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), from his late residence, 19 Freelon
street, thence to St. Rose's Church, where
a solemn requiem ' mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
10 o'clock. Interment »HoIy Cross Cemetery,
by 11:50 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets. . .
SALL— In this city. April 20, 1904, Esther,
dearly beloved daughter of Ida and Fer-
flinand Sail,' and - sister of Edna, Annie,
Violet, Oscar and. Sel ma Sail, a native of
San Franclacd, aged 28 days.
STEWART— In East Oakland, April 20. 1904,
at htr residence, : 1418 Eighth avenue, Ida
Stewart, wife of John Stewart, and .beloved
mother of Ida, - Louis. John and James
Stewart, a native of St.- Louis; -Mo., aged 49
years 4 months and 28 days.
CTNoliee of funeral hereafter.
STRAUSS— In this city, April 20, 1904, Ber-
nard, dearly beloved husband of Llna
Strauss, and father of Arthur, Edgar. Ida,
Hattie and May Straues, a native of Ba-
varia, aged 75 years 3 months and 10 days.
E7Funeral will be held Friday. April 22,
at 11 o'clock, at his late residence, 1324
Sutter street. - Interment private.
SULLIVAN— In this city, April IP, 1904, El-
len, beloved wife of Patrick J. 'Sullivan,
and mother of Cornelius Ji Sullivan of New-
York City, Mrs. Phil Brown and the late Dan-
iel R. Sullivan, a native of County Kerry,
Ireland, aged 71 years. (New York papers
pleas* copy.)
ET'The funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1912 Fillmore street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a requiem high
maes will be celebrated for the repose of
her boul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric
funeral car leaving Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets at 10:30 o'clock.
THIRLWELL— In this city. April 19, 1904,
Thomas Lionel, dearly beloved son of Rob-
ert and Maggie . Thirlwell, and brother of
Robbie, Marcella, Jennie, Loretta, Walter,
Melville and Elmer Thirlwell, a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 years and 6 months.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 12 ¦ o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 31A Morris avenue.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WARD (nee O'Brien) — In this city, April 20,
1004, Mary, wife of James J. Ward, and
mother of Ethel, Frank, Grace and James
Ward, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 32
years. (Boston, Mass., papers please copy.)
C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
ZELINSKY — In Oakland. ADril 19, 1904,
Bertha, beloved wife of L. Zellnsky, a native
of Germany, aged 70 years.
KTInterment to-day (Thursday), in Salem
Cemetery, at 12 o'clock.
Live Oak Circle No. 20. C. of F. of A.—
Officers and -member sare hereby notified to
assemble at the church corner of Post and
Mason • streets to-day (Thursday), at 1:45
o'clock, for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our late companion, Mrs. E.
-- Schoonmaker. By order of the CvC.
N. ROTTMAN. Sec.
CARD OF THANKS. ;
Mr. and Mrs. Charles P. Keely wish to
thank the .many friends who were so kind
and thoughtful during their recent bereave-
ment In the loss of their son, Carl Keely,
who died April 17. 1004. /Futurc Grain and Provisions.
; RAISINS— The Association quotes the follow^
ing prices: • Standard grades 50-lb cases — 2-
: FRUITS— Apricots/ 840104c for Royals and
9®12e for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples. 4V4®
6c; ..sun-dried." 3@44c; .Peaches, r 5407 4c;
Peats S®U4c; Nectarines. -nominal; Figs,
whltej 3@4c In boxes; 'black. 4Hc; Plums,
pitted. ' 6@74c > per lb.' 1 *~
¦ PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2@2Uo for the four
Sizes.'"' ¦¦ 'f''" '':'¦¦¦¦• ¦¦''.'- i ¦'.'•' '-''•¦V */'¦'-." •.--¦/
Dried Fniits.Nuis^aisins^oney.
Cliicago Board of Trade.
Receipts of Strawberries from near-by dis
tricts were light, as the rain of the preceding
day Interfered with picking. Six chests of the
Longworth variety came In from Palo Alto and
cleaned up at previous prices. ¦. There were no
fresh arrivals from Watsonvllle, but there were
several- chests of carrled-over stock offering,'
which were easily disposed of at the previously
quoted rates. Thirty crates of a large variety
came In from Los • Angeles and sold at 8#10c
per basket. A crate of Raspberries came In
from the same section and met with prompt
sale at 30c per small basket.
Abundant' supplies, of poor Navel. Oranges
caused, an easier feeling In that department
of the market and prices of all grades were
quoted lower. -Trade-was quiet both for local
and ! shipping account and the market closed
weak, with -large lines still unsold. Business
In tho auction rooms was quiet, as there .was
very little good fruit offered. . Twelve carloads
were, sold as follows: ¦ Extra fancy Redlands,
$1 75® 1 05; ordinary fancy. $1 25@1 60; choice,
75c(g$l 45; standard, 40@90c. The bulk of the'
standard and choice grades were In very bad
condition, showing evidences of : decay. Tan
gerines-were. more", plentiful than previously
and sold at a wide range as to'quality. The
other Citrus frultn were In good request and
steady -. under ' light , supplies.. There were no
ripo Bananas on the market.
STRAWBERRIES — 7ric«j:$l 10 for Long
worths and 25®60c per drawer for the larger
varieties. - V - . '
APPLES— $1®2 25 per box/ -
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 25@2
for fancy. 75c® $1.60 for. choice and 40cS$l for
standard; Tangerines, 75c@$l 2,"( per box;
Lemon* $2 G0@3 for, fancy, $1 C0@l 75 ' for
choice and $1@1 25 for standard; Grape Fruit."
$1 25^2; Mexican . Limes.. $4 50(?5 per case;
Bananas, nominal; Pineapples, $2^3 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Yesterday was another dull day on the ex
changes and quotations showed . no changes
worthy of note. - • ¦ * -
Ex-coupon yesterdays. Mill Valley and Mount
Tamalpals Scenic Railway Company 5s (1929),
semi-annual, amounting to $2500. - ¦ 1 ¦ • .
Ex -dividend yesterday: Spring Valley .Water
Company, regular quarterly, 63c per share,
amounting to $176,400; California Ftu It Can
ners' Association, -regular 'monthly, 60c- per
share, amounting to $17,349 60; Fireman's
Fund Insurance Company, regular quarterly of
$3 per share, amounting to $30,000; | California
Powder Works (new • corporation), the usual
monthly dividend of 50c: Llghtner Mining Com
pany of California, regular monthly,. 5c per
share, amounting to $C250; Dupont .; Interna
tional Powder Company, its first quarterly divi
dend of IV* p'er cent on the preferred stock.. ,
The Middle Yuba Mining Company of -Nevada
Ccunty has . levied > an assessment of lc j>eT
share, delinquent May .24. . ' .-.
The Champion Mines Company of - Nevada
County has levied an assessment * of - 50c per
share, delinquent May 17.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
V WEDNESDAY. April 20 — 2 p. m.
- UNITED ' STATES BONDS./. .
•- . Bid. Ask.| ' Bid. Aski
4s qr coup..l07%108Hi4s qr cp new.133 i:«4
4s qr feg.;.107%108%i3a qr coup...l06Til074
. MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. : :
Ala A W 6s. — ; — O T Co 6S.119H —
Bay CPC 5s.lOO4lC2 . X)o.3s -:...1U41124
Cal-C-Q Bs.' — 105 • Do con 5s. — — ..
Cal G & E g ; •' - - Oceanic 8:6s. — ; 78-
m & ct 5s. 80 83- Om Cable. 6s/—^1244
Cal-st C 6s.ll6%117H Pac 0 : 1m 4s. '— - 954
C C Wat 5s. — 102: P^E;Ry 68.104^105 -
Ed L & P. 6s— 130' P & C H'6a.lO4%
F & CH 6s. — 116 P &. O R 6a.H6 — -
Geary-st ; 58...— — - Powell -st- 6s. — 114-
H C&S 64s. 100 '^-" Sac EO&RSs. 99U100- .
. Do-Bs ....•— 974 8F A ¦8JV5S.116- 116%
Hon'R T, 69.1004 Sierra R«'6«.11O —
LA Elec 5s. ¦— 1C5 SPof A6s— - .
L A Ry 5s. Ill -1114 (1009) .....107 108
LA L Co 6s — — . (1010) .....108 —
•Dogtd6s. — — SP of.'C 6s ' *¦¦'.
> Do gtd : 5s.ia3 104 . (i-'-'Or A. — i 102
LAP, lem 5s..9941O3 (1905)Sr B.102U — .
Mkt-st S 6s. — .llOVi (1906)-..;..— 105
• • Do lem Ss.1134 1 . (1012) .:..:— 1134
MVA*MtTn».1014-_<jsrC-l Cg.Ss."— 'llft',4
NRR of cai,107\4 —I Do stmpd:.l<»uiioj£
A Dull Day, With Some Divi
¦ dends and Assessments.
STOCK. MAEKET.
Sterling Exch&nge. sixty days.... — $4 86
I Sterlint: Exchange, sight ..-. — 4 8SU
j Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 S9V4
I New York Exchange, sight — 124
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15'
Silver, rer ounce . .' ."•:{%
Mexican Dollara. nominal — ' .' 43>i
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The foreign markets were quiet
and easy, with weaker futures.
Chicago was lower again nnd. reported a
very slow cash demand all over the West.
A Kansas City cable to . Hamburg, offering
Wheat, brought this answer: "We take no
Interest in American offerings.". The leading
miller at Minneapolis wired that the best ex
port bids for Flour were 40c per barrel below
cout and that It did not seem possible to mar
ket Flour anywhere in the world. A Duluth
operator wired that never before In his life
had he seen It so hard to sell Wheat.'
In thin market futures were lower and the
cash grain was pressed on' the market for sale
by at least one house, which 'sold at $1 374®
1 40 for California Club. .
CASH WHEAT/
California Club. $1 374©l 424: California
White Australian. $1 474^1 1)74: Northern
Club. $1 8501 40; Northern Bluestem. $1 474®
1 &5 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to '11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 30?i $1 20% $1 30^ $1 3(^4
May :i 30 1 30% 1 30 130%
'2 p.' m. Session.
Open. Hifrh. Low. Close.
December ...$1 30% $1 304 ' $1 30% $1 304
RARLEY — Futures declined. Cash grain re
mained unchanged. The situation showed no
change whatever. . ¦
CASH BARLEt.
Feed, $1 10@l 13?;*; Shlpplnl and Brewing,
$1 17401 20; Chevalier. $1 15$1 20 for fair
to choice.
- FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. >*rtf
Open. ..High. ./Low. , Closi".
December ... S>8 4 084 ,07% »8
2 p. m. . Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..." «* '. U«Vi .08 -. 084
OATS— Continue firmly held .but quiet and
quotations show no further change. .
White. $1 30<gi 40; -Black. $1 25@1 30: Red.
$1 25®1 35; Gray. $1 324®1,374 per ctl.
CORN — There Is nothing new to report In
thlB market. Trade- Is quiet, but quotations
are firm: - •
Western sacked, $1 35@1 40 for Yellow,
$1 324©1 40 for. White and $1 30@l 35 for
Mixed; California large yellow. $1 35@1 424;
small round do. $1 5o-gU 55 : . White. $1 40@l 45
per ctl ; Egyptian. • $1 40@l 50 for white and
$12740130 for brown. s;;i .:.
RYE— $1 30@l o24'Per eti:
BUCKWHEAT— $1 73@2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 80®
6 10, usual terms; - Bakers* Extras, $4 70@5;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 85@4 25
per bbl. ' : ¦' " '.*- ' c • ¦'¦ - • •:
MILLSTUFFS— Prices tn package* are as .
follows: Graham Flour. $3 fiO per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 50; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour,
$7- Corn 1 Meal. $3 50: extra cream do, $4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 50;'' Hominy. $-»«/¦ 4 25; Buck
wheat ' Flour. $4 50(©4 75 : Cracked Wheat. . *4 ;
Farina $4 50; Whole Wheat * Flour,'" $3 75;
Rolled Oats. bbls. $7 25@8 60; In sacks,' $0 75®
8 10: Pearl Barley. 1 $6; Split Pens, boxes, $7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs. : .-.-¦..
'. , _ Hay and Feedstuff s.- .
Hay continuta easy, but receipts • are running
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MAEKETS.
'¦ NEW YORK. April 20.— The volume of deal
ings in stocks dropped off again to-day and
the price movement brcame very uncertain and
j slusglhh. These characteristics gained in force
as the plan of the market got away from last
night's level, either above or below, until the
movunrat came to a rtandstill and then turned
ff-cbly in the other direction. The action of
tiae market thus plalniy indicated the opera
tions of room traders of a vmall class and of
I timid convictions. The. new direction to be
taken by the contest for Control of Northern
I Pecinc i? the subject most largely discussed
j by speculators, and the opinion is quite unl-
I versal ifcct this overhanging Influence Is the
caure of the stagnation in the market. This
ft»-llng fin-is ainil gallon in London a£ well as
here. On. the occasional upturns of the course
of prices / to-day, however, it was quite no
ticeable that the Pacifies were Inclined to take
the lead of the movements The report of
rain In the western portion of the winter wheat
belt may have had some influence upon thu
group. But those stocks yielded again. The
further drprerslon in United States Steel pre
ferred had an undoubted sympathetic effect
on the whole market, the more «o as its source
and motive were not clearly understood. The
market closed dull and weak. «
Bonds were dull and heavy Total sales.
ll.700.c00.
I'n'.ted States twos coupon and the old fours
declined '4. while the three* coupon advanced
>% and the new fours % per cent on call
XEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. H:-h. Low. Close.
Atchizon 15,900 <;:% 72V4 72 1 4
At<hl«on pfd !Kw 'j.'! 82% v2\,
RaH & Ohio 6.400 70U 78*4 TljiT
Bait *¦ Ohio pfd ... UW »0S f>t»»i mo
Canadian I'ncinc... 1.6C0 11CS H«H 11«t4
C'-ntral of N J igg
Ch«»ap & Ohio r>0<> :iz ;a a*'
Oil & Alton 400 :i7% 37>i 37%
Chi & Alton pfd . „ . 80V4
Chi & G Wektern.. 1.600. IC4 16"i 16U
Chi & NorthT.estn. 100 I«»» B ies»H la)'
Chi Mil & ?t Paul. 18.401) 144% 143*4 143V
Chi Mil & St P pfd 100 177 177' 17«
Chi Term A.- Trann ' . jj>i
Chi Term & T pfd. 400 20 19 19 '
C C C & St Loull 7«
Colo Southern l.OPO 17 17 17
Colo South l«t pfd. UK) 54 M &314
Colo South 2d pfd. 200 2.'JH 234 23
Del & Hudson 4.000 l.Vi>, lMi, 15U 1 !
Del Lack & West.. 500 27Hi 2C3 2«l '
Denver & R G ; 20
I>onver & R G prd. 100 70% 70% •»%
Erie 3,100 2«»4 20V4 26Vi
Erie 1st Pfd 300 41 41 41%
Hoiking Valley ... 400 63 «U C5
Hocking Val j»fd 804
Illinois Central ... 1KK) 131 130'^ 130V6
lows Central lSVa
Iowa Central pfd 35
K C Southern 17%
K C Southern pfd. 3OO r.5 35 35
ljnuin A Nbj-Ii .... tiOO JQis 10% 107%
Manhattan L 400 142'i 142 142
Mt-tropolltan Secur. 800 78 78 77
Metropolitan .St Ry 8,500 112% 111VJ 112%
Minn & St Louis 47
Minn PtP&St St* M .... 60
C StP&H St M pfd 117
Missouri Pacific ... 2.700 92"i S2VA 92V4
Mo Kan * Texas .' J7
Mo Kan & T pfd 374
Nat RR of Mex pfd 100 '38*4 38H 38'4
N V Central 1,:100 11G 115% 1154
Norfolk & West... 100 57«4 57*4 *8
Norfolk &. W pfd.. 100 894 894 W
Or.tarlo & West .. 200 21 H 21% 21 Vt
Pcnasjivania 31.300 117% 116% 11«%
Pitts C C & St L. 100 65 65 . 50
Reading 7.000 444 44 44«i
Reading 1st pfd 78 Vi
Reading 2d pfd 100 65 65 W
Rock Island Co. . . . 2,000 23 22« 4 >2%
Rock Island Co pfd 100 C3 63 63
St L & S V 2d pfd. 300 47 46*i 47
Ft Louts S W. :. .... ]4
St L*>u1k S W pfd. 700 .35\ 35U 341^
Pouthern ParlHc . . 29,400 48% 47% 4gu
Bouthern Railway.. 700 21% '21% 21%
Southern Ry pfd... 700 85% R5 ss'
Texas & Pacinc ... 200 244 23 ''* i ' > 3T4
Tot 6t L. & West.. 200 2S% . 25U T23U
Tol Bt L & W pfd. ; 200 3R»4 3S 37%
ITnlon Pacific 45.000 84% S3% 844
Union Pacific pfd .... t»2H
-vt'abash 700 18% 184 1S»4
Wabash pfd ...... 1,300 39% 3S4 38%
W*Uk*Erie... ...I 104
Wlbconsin Central.. 2,200 18% 18VJ 18%
Wisconsin Ten pfd. 300 40 40 39«
Exprees Companies —
Adams 100 225 225 220
American. 185
TTnlted States..: 107
\\>Us-Fargo _,... ....-204"
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 8,200 49% 49U 40%
Am Car & Found.. 3.100 18% 17^ 47H
Am Car & P pfd.. 2,200 714 "1 70»4
Am Cotton Oil. ......... .... 23%
Am Cotton Oil pfd. -.... 88
American Ice .... .... *\
American Ice pfd.. 100 27 27 26%
Am Linewi Oil.... ..... .... .... bU
Nav York Stock Market.
Foreign Futures.
. • - ' . ¦ . •
. . ' LIVERPOOL.
Wheats • May. July.
Opening ..-. 6 4»4 « oVi
Closing . ; C 4% 0 5>i
PARIS. , .
Wheat — April. Sept. -Dec.
Opening ''. . 22 20 20 65
Closing .22 25. 20 65
Flour —
Opening 28 35 27 S5
Closing 28 35 27 80
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. I^OI.'IS- April "(J.— ;W0.ol,, steady: medium
gra3cR. conTblng* and cfothifig," 18^'J-e; light,
tine, 'Hiai'Hc: heavy, tine, \ I2S14Vic; tub
washed, 20«31c. - -
Nor I hern Wheat Market.
1 ¦ ¦ . ¦
OREGON.
PORTLAND, j April 20. — Wheat — Walla
Walla 75c; blue stem. 8ic; valley, 80@81c.
' WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. A:>rll 20.— Wheat— Blue stem,
83c; club 74c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. April 20. — Clearings, $534,327;
balances. ?U5,S23.
TACOMA. April ' 20.— Clearings, $378,103;
balances, 538,100.
PORTLAND. April 20.— Clearings, $445,577;
balances, .*7S,38!). ,
.' SPOKANE. April 20.— Clearings, $402,051;
balances, $27,768.
CHEESE— 8@9c for ' good to choice new
and 7@"V4 C for lower grades; Young American,
0\4@10c; Eastern. 15@16c; Western. 14@15c
per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 18@19c for fair to choice, with
20c for large white, selected In a limited way;
store,' 15©18c per dozen. ' '•
POULTRY — Live Turk«ys. 15@17c per lb:
Geeff. per pair, St 7. r )®2 25; Goslings, :
Ducks. $5 50@6 50 per dozen for old and $6 50^
7 50 for young; Hens, $7@S for large and
S3 5C@t) 50 for small; young Roosters, f7ft:
8 50; old Roosters, $5@0; Fryers. $6@6 50;
Broiler*. S14i4 50 lor - large and $2®:t for
small; Pigeons. $1 25iQl 50 per dozen for old
and $1 75@:2 25 for Squabs. • '
/GAME — Gray Geese, $2 5003 per dozen;
White Geese. 75cig$l: Brant $1@2: Honkers,
$ZfU: Ktmlif-h Snipe, %'.i 50G/4; common Snipe,
$1 60(g:i 75; Rabbits.. $1v2{;&2;iHare i $1 25.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Arrivals of Butter, were again large and the
market continued more or less weak, though
there was no actual decline. Stocks on the
floors were about the sam* size as they have
been for a fortnight or more. Some houses
were letting their fine creameries go at ISc.
but as a rule 10c was obtained. The demand
Is nothing extra at present.
Cheese continues weak and - stocks are still
excessive. •
Eggs rule steady and for the general run of
trade quotations remain unchanged. But the
market hus worked around Into the condition
where It gtts bometlines, when sales above th?
quctatlons are belnz made, but hardly enough
to justify a flat advance In print. Every, dealer
now has some extra flnc largo white ranch
Eggs for which he can get 20c, while for every
Case he sells for 20c he sells ten for 19c. That
! Is. the market Is neither one thing nor the
other. At the same time It will, be seen that ;
the receipts are running large, and If. storing !
were lo ceasq the market would probably drop |
two or three cents. The large handlers, who
are conservative, arc not disposed to advance :
their prices, while the outsiders,' such as th? |
poultry, fruit and vegetable houses, who" re
celv* comparatively few. arc getting all they i
can and are quoting 20c. Thin margin of lc I
around town unsettles the conditions ami ren
ders flat quotations rather difficult to give. It ¦
will bear repeating that almost half of the cur- ',
rent receipts are going Into. store for lack of j
custom. A day or two will probably readjust 1
conditions once more to a -uniform' basis. ; .]
Receipts were 77,200 lbs , Butter, 1<«4 cases
Eggs and 43.900 lbs Cheese. '
BUTTER — Crf amery at first hands, lSj?19e |
for extras and 17#17Vic for firsts;, dairy, 155*
17 Vic; store Butter, 13Q>14c; cold. storage, nom- 1
lnal. . .
¦ Poultry ruled firm under a steady demand
and limited" supplies; 'No- more' Western came
In end there were only 41 coops of domestic
stock received. Small Broilers and Squab
Pigeons were Inclined to easiness, but every
thing else cleaned up quickly at steady rates.
There wete no changfs tn Game, receipts be
ing. Just about sufficient to satisfy the de
mand. .
Poultry 'and Game:
NEW YORK. April 20— Close— Money en
call ea^y. I^^IH per cent, closing bid and of
fered IVi.
Ti!H)> loans, easy and dull. Sixty and ninety
day*. 2S;«I2*4 p*-r cent: six months. 3H&4.
Prime mercantile paper, 45:4'-j per c«»nt.
Sterling exchanee, firm, with actual busl
n»BS In bankers' bills at $4.874r^f.4.S750 for de
mand and at $4.M^51i4.ST»Jy for sixty-day
bills.
Posted rat^e. $4 S5V-@4 mJ and $4 8S@
4 **>-..
Commercial bills. $4 S3g4 S5i*.
Bar silver. ~<".\~^> .
Mexican dollars. 42c.
Governmtnt bonds, irregular; railroad bonds,
heavy.
New York Money Market.
Flour qr sks .. 9,644'shorts. sks ..... 200
Wheat ctls 476;Corn Meal. East-
Barley, ctls 1.7001 ern BOO
Oats ctls ..... 50*i Leather, rolls .. , 30
Rvectls 1.265 Tallow, ctls ... 27«
Beans sks 1.39.1 Hides. No , 648
Potatoes ska .. 4,315 Pelts. No. 420
Bran sks T40 Wine, gals 80,9ft>
Middlings, sks.. 2,175 Lime, bbla .. • 4CS
Hay tons 190| Quicksilver, flks. 28
Straw, tons ..... 10) Sugar, ctls ...'. 1.5CO
Wool, bales ... 691 1 Brandy, -'gals .. 3,000
OREGON. .•
Flour qr sks .. 5, llt;l Onions, sks ... 11?
Potatoes, sks . . 8,0SS| ,
FOR WEDNESDAY. APRIL 20.
Receipts of Produce.
' SUGAR— The' Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. S.tAc;
Powdered. B.&Uc; Candy Granulated, 5.50c;
Dry Granulated, fine. o.40e~: 'Dry Granu
lated, coarse. 5.40c: ¦ Fruit* Granulated, 5.40c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), 5.30c;
Confectioners' A, r>.40o; Magnolia A, 5c;
Extra C. 4.90c ; Golden C, 4.80c: "D."
4.70c; barrels. 10c more; half barrels, 25c more;
boxes,' 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more for all
kinds. Tablets — Half barrels, 5.00c; boxes,
6 15c- H. & E. Crystal Domlnos. 8.40c per lb.
No orders taken for less than seventy-frve bar
rels or Its equivalent.- ¦
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk,
14c; Pearl Oil. In cases, 20Hc: Astral. 2O}£c;
Star. 20iic; Extra Star. 24%c; Elaine. 26»*c;
Eocene. ;#V>c; Deodorized Stove Gaaollne, in
bulk, 16c; in cases, 22"/iC; Benzine, In bulk.
13c: In cases, la Vic; Mi-degree Gasoline in
bulk. 25c; In cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE — 81c per gallon In cases and
75c In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 79
7Uc per lb; White Lead. 707'^c, according to
Quantity.
. COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. $5: Seattle, $0 50: Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $0, Stanford. $7; ftoslyn. $7; Coos'
Bay. $r> 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 tn bulk, and $14 25 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, ¦ $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50313
per. ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain rJe.xcrlptior.s. $11 45- per 2000 lbs and $12 80
per long ton. according to brand.
GILS — Quotations are for barrels; for- ca'ses,
add Bo; Linseed. 4Uc per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA, $1 10@l 12; Lucol. 'Sue for bolle*
and 43c for raw; China Nut, 60070c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil In barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, 8oc; natural winter Sperm Oil, 80c; extra
bleached -wlnttr Whale Oil. 65c; natural Whale
Oil, BOc; extra winter strained Lard OH, 75c;
No. 1 Lard Oil, 60c: pure Neatsfoot Oil, 75c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil, 05c; light Herring Oil,
45c: dark Herring Oil, 43c: Salmori Oil, 38c;
boiled Fish Oil, 40c; raw Fish OH, 3Sc; boiled
Paint Oil. ,55c; raw Paint Oil, X3e.
1 BAGS — Grain Bags. &%c spot and 5%c June
1 July; San Quentln, $5 40; Wool Bags. 32325c;
¦ Fleece Twine. 7@6c.
General Merchandise.
EASTERN 3IAKKETS.
Wine Exports in March.
Th« exports of Wine from San Francisco by
Ma during the month of March were as fol
lows:
To — Gallons. Cases. Values.
England 44.750 20 $ 16.2<JS
Hawaiian Islands 45.2t!8 1S2 20,545
Tahiti 8.167 ... 2.S26
Mexico 9.137 146 4.C94
Central America 10.168 72 5.120
Panama «.O49 . . . 1,824
Colombia M2 ... 400
Ecuador 2.645 ... 1.301
China 2.206 12 1.111
Japan 2.191 50 1.152
Philippine Island* 1.257 ... 452
Kast Indies 428 12 2**
British Columbia 2,056 1 7C3
« ifrtnsny 28 ... 21
New York 209,977 ... 101.1SO
Totals 433,039 495 $156,873
In March. 1903, tbe exports were dO.J^l gal
lons «.:... r.:i'' casr>!> valued at $1115.339. In that
rror.th 557,104 gallons went to New York and
4:;.M,* gallons und 1VJ cabvc were £hii>pt"d to
the Hawaiian I<>iands.
STATE OF BUSINESS.
Hozti the Country Looks From
Headquarters.
The New York circular of Henry Clews thu«
state* the current condition of trade:
"The developments which serve to check un
due enthus'.asr.i on the bull clde of the marl;et
are th« poor Oovernnu-nt reiiort on winter
¦wheat, the less satirfactory reports of railroad
• . •-:!.. :.k». the large decline in March « xport*.
the decline in Clearing -house rtturr-s and the
Tall of nearly $S.O«O.OCO in surplus reserves.
Some of these influences receive more atten
tion than they deserve: some do not. It Is
altogether too early to form any opinion about
t!:e wheat crop, which now is probably in
better condition than at the time of the Gov
ernment statemrr.t. Yet that had a decidedly
discouraging effect upon speculation, and Crom
now on the crops will be a factor of increasing
importance in the market. As to railroad earn
ings, come disappointment must be cor.feswd.
for after the losses rrom severe weather :n
January ar.d February it was hoped March
would show a general improvenv nt. which
«tf not the cas-e, a majority of the roads re
porting decreases last month. ¦ Of course traffic
we* Interrupted by bad roads ovr-r .'arse e«
tlona of the country, eo that April may make
a better exhibit, and if not the returns will
have to be accepted us a part of the buMneFs
reaction that Wall street has hern anticipa
ting. March clearings In the United States.
It may be mentioned, showed a reduction of
12 per cent compared with last yar, the whole
of wbJch practically occured in the Middle and
Kew England State*, the Western. Houthrm
attd Pacifle Coart States continuing to report
MXlsfactory g«Jn*. Th» losses in th# East,
however, are mere attributable to the shrink
age of speculation than to the decline of legtti
taate business. It Is not likely that business
In general haa fallen off more than 5 per
cent tn the Cast, an Insigninc&nt decline con
sidering the Immense volume of lart year's
tmde. The larger ehare of thii> could lie
trac«4 to labor agitation and Iron trade re
action, while the effect of the war In Asia
and the Presidential election here somewhat
ch«cka enterprise.
TlIK EXPORT TRADE.
'•The most unsatisfactory feature In the pres
ent situation l« our loss of export trade. In
March there «-a« a reduction of about $23.
000.000 in exports compar<-d with a year ago,
mnn than one-half of which was in cotton
ftid the remainder In wheat. Scarcity and cx
osrslve. speculation In these staple*, especially
in rotton. werr chiefly r*>Fj.onFible for this un
meloome change In the drift of our foreign
trade. At the same time imports of tnerchan
<JI»»» showed a !oss of over $5,000,000. which
•somewhat corroborates the r'-port* of lessened
trade activity. If three tmdencirii continue
they are likely to Ftlroulate sold exports to a
¦ greater degree than anticipated. In fact, the
conditions ere more In favor Of gold ship
ments than for several jvurs pant at this sea
son. Easy money, larger surplus reserve* than
for some years and the pronp'-ctn of Kurope
¦Hling American Btocks In case of a Russian
or Japanese loan all work in favrr of gold
export*, particularly when our m«>rchan<11«»> ex
ports decline eo much more rapidly than Im
ports. However, this ne*d cause no concern,
for «'f usually ship gold freely at this t^a^on.
and the country now holds over $1.30<\(iOO.O<X>
gold money, which Is almost double that held
only seven years ago. It Is plain we car
•pare gold freely without any anxiety.
"A feature In the money market is the con
tinued heavy corporation borrowing, explained
by thf fact that tbese concerns need money for
enlargementa. etc., and find this means of
obtaining funfl* better than an Isfuc of securi
ties in w> limited a bond market as at present.
This explains the record-breaking loans—
H.flSfc.OOK.OOO; «o that the positive absence of
concern by banker*, who know they are well
secured. If easily understood. The surplus re
eerve etands at the comfortabln flgurog of
ovrr $40.0<»ri,nuo. which is much greater than
for • number of year* at thts time.
"The market wear* a somewhat reactionary
erp»-aran<v>i and operations for the rise should
ho made with caution until the downward ten
dency Ir less pronounced."
Weather Report.
<l»»th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 20—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as comiiared with those of fame date last
eeafcon. and ralnfaJU in taut twenty-four hours:
Lart This Laiit
stations — - 24 hours. B*>a»on. season.
Kureka , O.OW «0.69 49.M
R««d Bluff O.O0 2S.70 23.15
Sacramcnti 0.00 16.49 ]R.«2
Pan Francisco O.02 l».fil 18.28
Frrfno 0.04 7.00 6.60
Independence Trace 2.67 2.34
Kan Luis Oblrpo ft. 00 15.71 IS. 40
L«o« Ailgeles Trace 8.09 19.29
San Diego 0.O4 4.20 11.62
THE COAST RECORD.
FTAT7ONS . 5 1=53 3 3 "? ¦ " e
,.t ¦* 3 3 ; '. ' r 1
Baker 29.78 44 36 NE Cloudy .28
Canton 29.04 38 24 W Cloudy .02
Eureka ......30.16 R4 ..XV <"loudy -.
Fresno .......30.06 is 36 XW Pt.Cldy .04]
Jliscellaneous Markets.
CHICAGO, April 20.— CATTLE— Receipts,
lS.COO. Steady to strong. Good to prime
steers, $5(35 65; poor to medium, $3 50®3 90;
stackers and (#oders, $2 7f>@4 30: cows, $1 50
©4 25; heifers. $li<f£4 00; canners, $1 SOtfj'i 40;
bulls, $2S£4; ealvets, $2@4 00; Texas fe/1 steers,
$404 00. S
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 22.000; to-morrow.
25,000. Steady to 5c higher. Mixed and
butchers', $.'.if/. p > 20; good to choice heavy, $5 15
<G5 25; rough heavy, $i T>5<35 10; light. $4 80
@ 5 10. bulk of sales. $5(95 15.
SHEEP — Receipts. 1S,(Mio. Sheep/ steady to
strong; lambs, steady. Good to choice weth
ers, $3®5 «5; fair to choice 'mixed, $3 25®
4 55; Western ehecp. S" 73(S4 75; native lambs,
$4 ."HK85 75; Western lambs. $4 OOgu 75;
wooled clipped lambs, $4 7fi@3 75. . .
CHICAGO
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. April 20.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creameries, 14Si23c: dairies. I3@21c. Eggs,
Bteady, 10%@17e. Cheese, easy, 9^10%c,
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There is an Interesting etream of gold going
almost arcund the world at present. It conifa
Into the United States from Jepan via San
Fraricliwo crosses the continent (theoretically,
.by telegraphic transfer from thle sub-trtasury
to that In N«w York) and keeps on Its way
to Europe, where it spreads out HWe a fan.
some of Jt going to the United Kingdom, pome
to Pans, some to Berlin and «o on. It start*
from Japan in the form of yen. turns Into
American gold eagles at San Francisco and
changes Into British sovereigns at New York.
An excellent illustration of this golden stream,
is before us now. The steamer Gaelic came
Into this port several days ago with S.fcOO.uOO
>«ii. or about *2 ftOO.<*X>. Testerday L'izard
Kreree at New York engaged $1,500,000 In gold
for Paris by to-day's steamer, and it was an
nounced that the New York banks had gained
$l.«6S.OC0 from the sub-treasury yesterday and
M.K20.000 eince laat Friday. Two and two
make four; and it Is more than likely that
much of that gold going out of New York to
Europe came Into Ban Fr«Lnclsoo from Japan
on the Gaelic. Now there is another shipment
of Japanese gold, reported to amount to
52.750.000 and consigned to the International
Banking Corporation, on the way to this port
Jrotn Yokohama and is due to arrive In about
twelve days. And thue the golden stream
Cows.
Influx and Efflux of Gold
SE. Farallon.30.13 53 44 NW Pt.Cldy .04
Flagstaff 29. CO W» 40 SW Snow .CO
Pocatello 29. «S 48 42 W Cloudy .16
Indrpendenc-e .29.82 48 34 W Cloudy Tr.
Los Angeles.. 30.00 58 42 SW CUar Tr
Mt Tamalpais.30.12 48 34 NW Clear
North Head... 30. 00 50 48 W Cloudy Tr.
Phoenix 20. 7S 72 56 SW Clear .00
Point Reyes... 30.07 53 44 NW Clear Tr.
Portland" 29.5»6 54 44 SW Rain .60
Red Bluff 30.08 54 40 E Cloudy .00
Rosehurg SO. 12 .V) 42 SW Cloudy .04
Farramentn ..SO. 08 5« 38 SE vPt.Cldy .00
Salt L«ike 29. C6 4$ 44 N Rain .26
tiai Francisco.30.14 64 44 NW Clear Tr.
San LOblspo.30.10 56 36 W Clear .00
San Diego 30.02 «0 62 W Clear .04
Seattle 29.92 56 46 S Cloudy .01
Spokane 29.70 fi* 38 W Rain .01
Tatoosh ..29.94 52 48 W Cloudy .00
Wa'.la Walla.. 29. 76 58 4X. S Cloudy 1.04
Wlnneir-ucca .29.H4 42 20 W Cloudy .00
Yuma 29.84 S2 56 W Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has rl*en over the Pacific slope
and conditions are more favorable for fair
weather in California.
Snow is falling in Northern Arizona and
rain, with temperature not much above
freezing, is reported In Utah.
The temperature has fallen 30 degrees at
Salt Lake City and from 12 to 20 degrees la
Ariccna.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: VVlnnemucca 26, southwest; Modena
36, southwest; Flagstaff 36, southwest;
Phornlx 2C,, southwest: Yuma 26, west; Los
Angelf-s 30. wt-*t.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
houro ending midnight. April 21:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday,
wnrm?r; light northerly winds.
Southern California — Clearing Wednesday;
light northerly winds, possibly light frost in
the Interior Thursday morning; warmer Thurs
day night.
Nevada — Fair: warmer Thursday. . *
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday:
light north wind?, changing to fresh westerly.
A. G. McADin. District Forecaster.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. $1 50
®1 65 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks. $1 50@l 75
per ctl: River Reds. $1@1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Uurbanks for seed. 51 25JT1 50 per ctl;
Garnet Chiles. $1 .lO-ffl 7.". per ctl; Early Rose,
$1 4C@1 50 per ctl; new rotatoes. 2%@3%c per
pound. ¦ • ' ' ' r
ONIONS— Yellow. $2 50@2 75 per ctl for Ore -
gon and $3j?3 25 for Australian; Green Onions,
•iUijCOe per box. . . •
VEGETABLES — Asparagus. 4@0c per lb;
Rhubarb, 40«?90c per box: Green Peas, 2%«Mc
per lb; -String Beans, 17 %®20c per lb; To
matoes. 75cS~$l H5 per box or crate for Los
Aneele3. ?1 25@1 50 for Mexican and $2 50©
2 75 per' crate for Florida; Summer Squash
from Los Angeles. 51@1 25 per box; Cabbage.
$1 25 per ctl; Carrots, 50c per sack; Hot
house Cucumbers. 50c@$l 25 ptr <lozen; Garlic,
I5c per lb; Egg Plant, 1'Oc per lb; Dried Pep
pers, nominal; Dried Okra. 12>i@15c per lb;
C5re«n Peppers. 20@20c -per lb; Marrowfat
Squash, jobbing at l%@-2c per lb. •
Receipts of Vegetables Included 1150 bnxts
of Asparagus, ."2tJ» boxes of Rhubarb and 203
sacks of Peas. ¦ ¦ •
Kecciptr of Asparagus were about 30f» boxes
let.s than on the preceding day. but prices wer«
no higher, as retailers bought cautiously, and
the bulk of the receipts went to the canners,
who paid 4c for No. ti stock and 4%c for No.
1. Peas continued firm under limited receipts,
while Rhubarb was weak, although . receipts
were lighter than usual! Tomatoes were
abundant and dull and Florida crates -were
quoted lower. String Beans. Egg Plant and
Green Pepptrs from Los Angeles were offer-
Ing again.
The Potato market was liberally supplied,
but continued steady, as holders were firm In
their views and previous prices ruled for all
descriptions. The cargo of Oregon brought
up bv - the last steamer did not grade .very
high and the expected advance did not ma
terialize. The stock foIu off fairly, however,
at previous prices. Receipts of new Potatoes
were only thirty-six sacks and, as the mar
ket ha I previously been well cleaned up. prices
ranged higher. Onions were unchanged, with
the market rather weak than otherwise.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Dealers continue to quote a quiet and un
changed market for Beans. Rape Seed Is rather
F BEANS— Bayos. $2 35@2 50: Pea. $3«3 2r>;
Butters $3 60^3 75: small White. $303 10;
large White. $2 65<R2 75; Pink. $3 3003 50;
Red $4 50- Lima, $3 20® 3 CO; Red Kidneys.
$4 50®5; Blackeye. $2 15g~2 25 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2@2 50.
SEBIDS— Drown Mustard. $3 7. r .(g4; Yellow
Mustard $3@:i 25; Flax. $1 SOifl 00; Canary,
r>u.ig5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 14%@16c; Rape.
l%(S2c- Timothy, <J!?C%c; Hemp. 3%®4c per
lb; Millet, 0®3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20@21
TEAS— Blackeye. $3 per ctl; Nlles.
$3 25: Green. $3@3 25. '.
Beans and Seeds.
CHICAGO. April 20. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, dull and easier; No. 3
pprlng wheat. 84©05c; No. 2 red, 98c@'$l 02;
No 2 corn, 49%<5ift0c; No. 2 yellow, 4U%@50c;
No. 1 oats, 37%(&il7%c; No. 3 white, 89@41o!
No. 2 rye. 6«c; good feeding barley, 32^:?4c;
fair to choice malting, 446:550; -No. 1 flaxseed,'
$1 0(i; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 16% ; prime tim
othy seed, $2 00; mess pork, per barrel. $11 87%
C?12; lard, per' 100 lbs. $0 47%<@6 60; short ribs
sides (loose).. 0 V2¥i&j 25; short clear sides
(boxed),. $(> 5C<f C 75; whisky, basis of high
wln^s. $1 2S; clover, contract grade. $10 75.-
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 2tJ.40O 12,100
Wheat, bushels.. — ....".... 51.000 35.7C0
Corn bushels.. 152,900 155,ti00
Oats.' bushels •' 140,700 14B.9OO
Rye bushels. B.OOrt 10.900
Barley, bushels 7,500 5,800
Cash Grain and Provisions.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
I The following quotations are for good, sound
I Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 00
j piT cent shrinkage for Cattle:
; CATTLE — Steers. SgDc: Cows and Heifers,
" 7@8c; thin Cows, 4<35c per lb.
i CALVES — t<&4%c per lb <;uss weight).
! SHEEP— Wethers. 4%r(i5c; Ewes. 4»/i@t%c
; per lb (gross weight). . :
1 LAMBS— *2 IVjjZ per head. , •
. HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs..B^fGc;
i over 200 lbs. 6%@5%c: soft Hogs,. 4%@5V4c:
; Sows, '20 per cent off; Boars.' 50 yer cent off,
¦'¦ and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
', tlons.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follow?:
BEEF — 7%(g8c for Steers fcnd 6<@7c per
lb for Cows. > . . .
VEAL— Large, S%<g!>c; .mail, 8%®9%c per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers. 0810c; Ewes. 8%09%c
per lb. . %
LAMB — 12%@14c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hors. 6%®9c per lb.
Supplies of all kinds continue ample and the
market shows no change. . ¦ "¦-.
Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9%c; medium, 8%e; light, 7%c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and 7%c for light; Stags,
Cc; Salted .Kip. 9c: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hides. 16c; dry Kip. _13c; dry
Calf, 18c; Sheepskins, shearltngs, . 25@30c each;
short Wool/ 40665c each; medium, 7O@90c; long
Wool. $101.50; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $2@2 50' for medium.' $1 23®1 75 for
small and 50c lor Colts. Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1®1 25
for small and 50c for Colt*. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 31c; dry Salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American, 31c- Goat Skins — Prime An
goras, 7(>c; large and smooth, 50c; medium,
U5c: yinal'. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4&®4%c per lb;
No. 2. :j%©4c: grease. 2%@3c.
WOOL — Spring clip — San Joaquln and South,
ern. 12 months'. 9<gllc; do 7 months', 8®10<j
per lb; Middle Counties, 12@16c for free and
ll@14c for defective; Northern. 15@17c for free
anil i:!@lSc for defective;' Nevada, 12{fl5c, ac
cording to condition. - • . :.
HOPS— 24&27c per lb for California. 1903,
and 17%®20c for crop of 1904. , -. - : *? ->
Hides, Tallow, Wool dnd Hops.
There Is • nothing n«w. Trade Is Inactive
and quotations remain unchanged. -
CURED MEATS — Bacon; a0%c per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium. 13c for light.
14%c for extra light and I.VglCc for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12%c; Cali
fornia Hams, ll%@12Vic; Mess Beef, $10 50®
11 per bbl; extra Mess. $11 5O®12; Family,
$12 5d7n3: prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear,
$24; Mess. $18; Dry Salted Pork. 10%c; Pig
Porlc. $27; Pigs* Feet, $5; -Smoked Beef, 14c
per lb. . -
LARD — Tierces tjuoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barreli, pure.
9V4c; 10-lb tins, 8%c; 8-lb tins, 9T4c; 3-lb tins,
lCc . < ".
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, 8%c: three
half barrels, 8%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
8%c; five tierces, S%c per lb.
Provisions.
Local Stocks and Bonds continue quiet.
Xcw York Stocks about the satne. Cotton firmer.
Silver advanced y 2 c. Exchange unchanged.
ll'licat and Barley futures lozver, but cash grain unchanged.
Wheat very dull all over the country.
No change in Oats, Corn or Rye.
Hay continues easy and Feedstuifs rule firm. .
Beans and Seeds' as previously quoted.
Butter plattiful and rather weak. Cheese still depressed.
Eggs steady, with more irregularity in quotations.
Provisions plentiful and dull in all positions'.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Potatoes in large receipt, but steady. Onions weak.
Poultry firm and in good demand. Game steady.
Oranges lozver, with large lines unsold.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Am Linseed' Oil pfd 28
Amer Locomotive.. ."00 20% 18% ' 18%
Amer Loco pfd... . 400 81% 81 81
Am Smelt & Ref.. 400 48%' 48 48
Am S.A Ref pfd 02%
Amer Sugar Rcf... 100 126% 126% 12(5%
Anaconda Mln Co.. 400 72 -70% 70
Brkiyn Rap Trans. 11.500 45% ' 44% 44%
Colo Fuel & Iron 13
Consolidated Gas... 2,100 200% 207% 2^3%
Corn Products 13%
Corn Products pfd 70%
Distillers' Sees. 600 21% 20% 20%
General Electric 163%
International Paper 11
Interntl Paper pfd. 100 66% 66% 68%
International Pump 38%
Interntl Pump pfd 78
National Lead 200 17% 17% 17%
North American 81
Pacific Mail 100 26% 26% 2«%
People's Gaa 3,600. .97% 96% 00%
rrecsed Steel Car.. 6,400 28 24% *•>»/*<
Pressed S Car pfd C9%
I Pullman Palace Car 2C9%
Republic Steel 7%'
Republic Steel pfd. 300 45% 45 44 '
Rubber Goods 15% 1
Rubber Goods pfd 76% I
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 1,200 38>i 37% 37% i
US Leather.. 300 7 7 7-|
U S Leather pfd... 600 79% 7»U ' 7»K
U S Realty 200 6% 6% 6%
U S Realty pfd 300 54 Vi 54 V4 54 Vi
U S Rubber 300 13% 13 ,'M%
U S Rubber pfd... . 300 59% 57% 58%
U S Steel '. . B.700 11 10% 10%
U S Steel pfd 71,600 6S C6% 5fi%
Wcstlnghoune Elec. 100 150 159 159
Western Union .^. .. 88%
Total sales 355.100 shares. • '
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. April 20.— Bond transactions:
United Railroads of San Francisco — 6000 at
T7U
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4%, asked 4%; preferred, bid
35, asked 35%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO5%!l, & N unified 4s. €9%
Do coupon 1C5% Man eon gold 4s.lOSJVi
Do 3s reg 106 1 * Mex Cent 4s 68 ,
Do coupon 107% Do 1st inc 12%
Do new 4s reg. 133 Minn & St L 4s.. r .t5%
Do coupon 134 M. K & T 4s 9-J%
Do old 4s reg.. 107% Do 2ds 78%
Do coupon 107% NR of Mex con 4* 75
Ateh gen 4s 99% NYC gen 3%s.. 98%
Do adj 4s »1»A N J C gen 5s 129%
Atlantic C L 4s. 83% Nor Pacific 4s.. ..103%
Bal & Ohio 4s...l00Vi Do 3s 72%
Do 3%s 94 Nor & W con. 4s. 0*
Central of Ga 5s.lO8% osl 4s & partlc. 94%
Do 1st Ine 70 i\a conv 3%s 90%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l02% Ri-ading gen 4s.. 98
Chi & Alton 3%s. 76 SL & I M con 5s.ll2%
C. B & Q new 4s. 94 3 L & S F fg 4s. 82
C.M & SP gn.4s.lO8% St Louis S\V lsts. 05%
C & NW con 7«.129% Seaboard A L 4s. 00
C R I & Pac 4s. 72 So Pacific 4s . 89%
Do col 5s 78% So Railway 5s 113%
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.lCO»i Tex & Pac lsts.. 117%
Chi Term 4s 80% T. St L & W 4s. <59%
Cons Tobacco 4s. ZS% Union Pacific 4s. 101%
Colo & So 4s 85% ' Do conv 4s 99 VS
Colo F & 1 71 US Steel 2d 5s.. 77%
Den & Rio G 4s. 9S^ Wabash lsts 117>4
Erie prior Hen 4s. 98>4 Do deb B 62%
Do gen, 4s 86%|W & L Erie 4s... 88%
F W & D C lsta.105% WIs Cent 4a 89 Th
Hock Val 4 Vis... 100 |
4 NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. -
Adams Con 20jUtt!e Chief 06
Alice 30| Ontario 4 25 ¦
Breece lOIOihir .5 15
Bruns Con 03 I'hoenlx t!9
Com Tunnel OS Potosl 20
Con Cal & Va.. 1 63!Savage 42
Horn Silver 1 aoi^lerra Nev 65
Iron Silver 1 9*)j Small Hopes 1.1
Leadville Cqn ... 02!Stahdard 2 CO
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— \V S Steel 10%
Call loans 2%@3%! • Do pfd « r .U%
Time loans ...3%'3J% \\V*tlng Common. 78
Bonds — Mininjr—
Atchison 4s (19% Adventure -2
Do adj 4s 90%jAllouez 4%
Mex Cent 4s 00 jAmal Copper 4H>4
Railroads — . Umer Zinc 10%
Atchison 72% I Atlantic 8
Do pfd 92%|Blngham 21%
! Boston & Albany.249 ICalumet & Hecla.405
Boston & Maine. IBS ICentennial 10%
Boston Elev 140 I Copper Haiige ..: 41%
Fltchburg pfd 140 Daly West 2l"k
Mex Central 5% | Dom -Coal (11%
N Y. N H ft H..1S0 iFranklin 7%
Pere Marquette.. 77- Grancy ..'..-; ;:%
Union Pacinc 84% I«.le Royale 7
Miscellaneous — j Mass Mining 4
Amer Argc Chem. 12%| Michigan B
Do pfd 71 I Mohawk ....41
Amer Pneu Tube. 4%iMont Coal & Coka 2
Amer Sugar 126>Moid Dominion 12%
Do pfd lSSW^Iosc^ola fi7
Amor Tel A Tel. 12G% I Parrot 24
Amer Vcolen — 30V»lQulncy SO
Do pfd 74 % I Shannon ft%
Dom Iron & S... »%|Tamarack 90
Ed Elect Ilium.. 136 I Trinity 14
Oen Electric 163' U S Mining 20%
! Ma?s niectrlc 10%|u S Oil 9U
Do jifd H iUtah 3%
Mass Gas 39% Victoria 3
irnltsd Fruit . : . .101%j Winona '. «ii
Un Shoe Mach... 4&%| Wolverine 72
Do pfd 28 lil
. London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. 88%ix Y Central 119%
Do for acct..S3 3-l«; Nor & Western.. 59 1 -
Anaconda 3%' Do rf'l 90%
Atrhlson 74^< Ont • & Western.. 2l4't
Do pfd 95^ Pennsylvania COVi
Bal & Ohio Sl% Rand Mines io»i
Can Pacific 119% Reading T2\
Chea & Ohio 32% Do li<t pfd 40
Chi Great West.. 17 Do 2<1 pfd :t.-.
Chi. Mil & St P.147% So Railway 22%
De Beers 19«i Do pfd (17ti
Den & Rio G 21% So Pacific v<%
Do pfd" 73 Union Pacific . S'i'i
Erie 27>i! Do pfd fir.
Do 1st pfd 66%|u S Steel mi
Do 2d pfd 42 I Do pfd 59U
111 Central lH3%!Wabash inu
Louis & Na»h...ll0%| Do pfd :v.t%
M. K & Texas... 17% | Spanish 4s ....... S2%
Bar silver — Uncertain. 24 l.'J-ltd per ounce.
Monf.y — lt?l% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
*hort bills Is 2V* per cent and for three months'
bills 2% per cent. ' .
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YOnK. April 20.— FLOUR— Receipts.
17.700 barrels; exports. 18,200 barrels; market
WHEAT— Receipts. 27.000 bushels; spot,
easy; No. 2 red. $1 04, nominal, elevator, ami
$1 05® 1 CS. nominal, f. o. b. afloat; No. t
Northern Duluth. 99^c f. o. b. afloat. Options
were weak all day. The close waa weak, m@
l%c net lower. May closed at 90Jic; July
closed at SSlJc; September closed at 84 Uc.
HOPS— Oulct.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal. iKJ test. 3 9-10c; molasses sugar,
2%c Refined was quiet. •
COFFEE — Spot Rio. steady: No. 7 Invoice.
7%c; mild, steady; Cordova. l(xai:;c. Futures
closed 10 points up. Sales. 32.250 bags. April,
5.90©u.95c; May. 5.00*56c; July. 6.20c; Sep
tember, fl.45<Er6.W)e; October, 6. C5c; December,
0.75@6.t>0c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Steady. Common
4eKi«4c: prime. 5%«5%c; choice, 6U@6V^c;
fancy. 7©*T%c.
PRUNES — 3how an Improved tone, with
prices ranging from 3c to 5%c, according to
grade.
APRICOTS— Firm. Choice. OUglOc; extra
choice. 10y&10%c; fancy. ll@I3c.
PEACHES— Quiet Choice. 7J4®7%c; extra
choice. 7%©8c; fancy. 9%@10c
Nerv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. April 20.— Tin waa firmer In
London, closing at an advance of 12s 'id to
£127 2s ild for spot and at £126 15s for
futures. Locally, the market was slightly Im
proved, with 6pot at 27.87 %®28. 12 %c.
- Copper in London was a little higher, spot
closing at an advance of Is 3d to £57 18g Od,
and futures gained 2s 6d. closing at £57 10s.
l/ocally. copper Is steady at recent prices.
Lake 13.25©l».32%c; electrolytic. 13.12%@
13.25c and casting. 12.87%©13.12%c.
Lend declined 2s 6d to £12 2s 6d In London
and- locally was unchanged at 4.H0®4.65c.
Spelter was unchanged at 5.20<55.25c in the
local market and was unchanged abroad.
Iron dosed at 52s 3d In Glasgow and at 44s
7%d in Mlddlesboro. Locally. Iron is nomin
ally unchanged. No. 1 foundry. Northern,
$15 2.VS15 75; No. 2 foundry. Northern. $14 75
015 25; No- 1 foundry. Southern, and No 1
foundry. Southern eoft,. $14 25014 76.
more moderate again. Feedstuffs . continue
flrm.> ¦ : ¦ ". ¦• .' "" ¦ •' ¦>¦ '-- ' >":;'• i- f
The Hay circular of Somers & Co. says:
"Shipments "of Hay show some diminution
again, the total for .' the week just ended
amounting ' to • 2700 s tons, in comparison ' with
3300 tons for the week preceding. This lessen
ing In shipments has not helped the situation
as yet, for. there ' is still an accumulatiop of
Hay on the 'tracks- here resulting from the
oversupply- of last week. It is quite evident
that outside shippers received rather disap
pointing figures -for much: of their Hay, which
has resulted in their discontinuing shipping to
a very great extent, probably with the idea
of seeking other markets for thetr surplus. At
present the market is very much depressed,
with most elements at work to lower prices
still further. We are 'inclined to believe, how
ever, that the worst Is now over and that the
situation will continue along fairly strong until
the new crop begins to arrive in quantities. ! It
was • reportPd : several days ago- that volunteer
Hay-wes being cut In Contra Costa County.
The recent showers will probably spoil most of
this, or at. least keep It from the market for
some time to come. The 20th of. May is about
the average date for the first appearance of
new grain Hay here, although when the weath
er remains dry it often makes Its appearance
much earlier. In many districts ¦ the growth
Is yet rather short, but now that we have
had further showers, there .will probably be a
groat Improvement Tin this dlrectfon and tho
harvesting of some will be considerably d«
layed." . " ;• . . ¦
BRAN — $20^21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $2r.@28 per ton.
SHORTS— $20®21 per ton. •• _ - t
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 50©25 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 50<S3l;
Jobbing. $32: Cocoanut Cake, $22@2:{: Corn
Meal, $30 60@3l 50; Cracked Corn. $31@:)2;
Mixed Feed. $21@22; ' Horse. Beans. $30®
40 per ton; Broom 'Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat, $13@16: Wheat and Oat, $13®
ij.5; Oat, $11 5O®15; Barley. , $llijrl3; Stock,
$l(Xffl2: Alfalfa. $10@12 50 per ton.
STRAW — 50®75c per bale. ¦ '
crown Loose Muscatels. -5%c per -lb;
3-crowri. 6%c; 4-crown, 6%c; • Seedless Loc*«
Muscatels 4%c: Seedless floated, 4%c; 2-crown
Malaga loW. 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose." 6%c:
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached. 4%c; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached, 5%c. .Layers, per 20
lb box — 6-crown Imperial clusters,- $3: B-crown
Dehesa clusters, $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters,
$2; 3-crown London Layers,' $1 35; . 2-crown
London Layers, $1 25; usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers./ Seeded— Fancy 16-o»
carton's, per lb, 7%c; fancy 12-oz cartons, per
package. 6%c; fancy bulk cartons, per lb, 7%c;
choice 16-oz cartons,' per lb, 7%c; choice 12-oa
cartons, per package. «%c: choice bulk car
tons per lb, .»%c; 16-oa cartons, seeded Seed
lings.- Muscatels, per" lb, 7c; 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb, 5%c; bulk,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb. 6%c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 Boftshell. l»%©14e:
No. 2 U%@12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13<S 13 %c;
No. 2. ll@ll%c: Almonds, 11 %c for Nonpa
reils. ll%c for I X L, lie for Ne Plus Ultra
ami 9%c fcr Languedoc; Peanuts. 6«?7c for
Eastern; Pecans.- I]iffl3c; Cocoanuts. $4 50®5.
1 HONEY — Comb, 10@ll%c for white and 8%
09%c for amber; water white extracted, 5©
5 Ke; light amb»r extracted. 4%©4%c; dark.
3V-@4c.
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb.
bearish on the improved crop prospects in the
Southwest. The market became weak for
May, which declined from Ul%c to 89c, carry-
Ing alone in the downward .course the more
distant deliveries. . Tber«j was some good buy-
Ing of July. The, market cloned weak. July
closed at 84%@S5c. May closed at 8»%c.
The feature of the tradlne in corn was the
heavy liquidation of ; the May delivery of
heavy holders. July • closed at 4S%@48%c.
May closed at 4S%c.
Oats were firm early In the day, but the
close was; near the bottom, with May at 37Uc
and July at 37c. '
Higher prices for ho^s brought out a good
scattered demand , for provisions early in the
*<'£Sion. Later, however, the weakness of grain
caiieed liberal selling. The close waa steady,
with p^rk dOwn'*8®7Hc; lard unchanged, and
rib* a cfcadf advanced.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — .
May - »1% .1(1% -.,89 80%
July (old): 87 87% .85% 8«%
July (new) b&;« 86 S4% 85
Sept (old) 83 83>i 82% 82%
Sept (new) 81% 82 $0% 81%
Corn No. 2— ¦ .
May 49% 4934 48% 48%
July.... :.. *'J% ¦*»%! 48% 48%
September 48% 48%' 4S*, 48%
Oats No. 2 —
May . 3S 38 37 37%
July 37% 37% 36% 37 .
Septfmber ".1% 31T, 31% 31%
Mess Pork, per bbl — . .
May 12 0r», 12 17V> 11 90 1192%
July 12 35 12 37% 12 17% 12 17%
Lard, per 100 lbs — •
May'. 6 55. 6 57% 6 50 6 50
July ..072% 6 75 6 65 6 67%
September 6 85 6 87% 6 80 6 80
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— • -
May . : 6 35 6 40- 6 30 6 30
July 6 52% 'BBS 6 45 6 47%
September 6 67% 6 67% 6 CO 6 60
Do 5s 118V4H7 18 P B R- 6s.l31 132
N P C R 5s.lO5 *- S V Wat 6s. 1044 —
N C Ry 5s.lO9 — Do 4»2dm. r — . 100V
N C P C 5s. 99 102 Do ifsdin. — ¦ ICO
N" S R R 6s.— 100 Stkn G&Etts. — PS
0 G L&H 5s.lO6 — V O * E 5s. — 105
o w rtd 8s. — — | ¦< . :--;v;,/?.*r;:
WATER STOCKS. • •
Contra Coeta — 38 4 j Port Costa. - • *-~ • rf j
Marln Co... — . 61- |s V Wat Co.. 39 S»*V
OAS AND ELECTRIC.".' .
Cent LAP. 3% 4 |S F O & E. 62H'63
Mutual E L. It 121-ii.Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co.. ..56 — |U G & E Co. — 33
. ¦ -¦ ' INSURANCE. . . : \ •
Firem's Fnd. — 340 | . .'
U- BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 1224IL P & A..V.152«4 J —
Anglo-Cal .. 824 87 Mer Trust.... — - 22» .-•
Bank of Cal.425 — IMercb Ex — ' : — • .
Cal Safe Dp.l4& 130 . S F Nationl..— 155 -
First Nationl — . — ; j »
' SAVINGS BANKS. •
Ger 8 A L.2260 2350 Sav & L. So. — WO-
Hum S & L. — — Sec 'Sav Bk. —- 430
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co.. — — ''"¦
B F Sav U.625 — . ¦< ' ¦: ¦¦¦>'» ¦¦
K STREET RAILROADS.
California ..— 200 IPresldlo 39 . *0*4
Giant • — 61%|Vigorit ....• — • 4?j '
" SUGAR. . , >
Hana P Co. — 25c |Kl!anea S C. — ' *%
Hawaiian C. — 49 JMakawell C 21 22
Honokaa S C 114 12%|Onomea S-C — -274.'
Hutch S P C 8% 0*»jPaauhau 3 C. 134 13
MISCELLANEOUS. t -..=
Alaska P A. — 144% Oceanic S Co. 3T4' 4" -¦
Cal F C A. — 100>i Pac Aux FA. 54 -—
Cal Wine A. 01% 924 Pac C Borx. — 170
MV4 MtTm.100 — . |
Morning Session.
Hoard —
20 California Wine Association... 02 00 *
• 25 Hutchlnson 8 P Co ....• i* 00
10 S F Gas &. Electric... «2" 75
10 8 F Gaa & Electric, s 90 '62 75 >,
¦ . • Street — ¦ ' • ' - . . ,
30 S F Gas & Electric ,..63.00
Afternoon Session.
$5,000 Sacramento El Gas A Ry 6».- 99 75.
$1,000 S P of Arizona (1009) 107 12«»:
: Street—
$,10,000 S F & SJ V 5 per cent. ...... .110 00
Unlisted Securities.
1 MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. ; i
Bid. Ask. . Btd. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 08% — SF & NP Ba.lllU —
B L Wat 6s. — 117% S PC R 4s; — ICO- .
Cal NW 5s.. 10841104 S P Co 44S.10O ; -^.- .
M C Wat Bs.100 — Sun- Tel 6s, 113 > — '
! Rls I Wk»5s — 107% Suttr-st R5«.1O5 11»
: SF Drdk 5». — 113% UR of SF 4s TIY*. 1~Vk
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.'
Ala S Co... 24 — Mat Nav Co. - 90 '
Cal Cot Mils 86 — Nev Nat Bk. — 200 ..
i Cal G&E Cor 32% — N S R R Co. 9?<J — -
C Jockey CUIO — N Cal P Co. 11 11%,
Cal Powder. 125 — Oak Bk Sar.112% — .
Cal Ship Co. 15 30 Oak T Con.. 75 t-~'
Cal T I & T — 135 IOOF Hall A" 6 •*"— "
Cen Bk, Oak 63% — Orpheum Co.. 12% l«Vi
Chutes Co .. 6% — PC Cas Co.ft7% —
City & C Bk — 112 Pac S TeV-.-lOO 106 -
East Dynm.. — 250 Faraf Paint.. 38 —
DpntPwd pfd — 90 S F Drydock 60 ' —
Do com .. — 60 SFASJ Coal. — 80
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — ¦ S J Wat Co. — 106
Fischer Thtr — ¦ 1% SO & MTjrot.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.105 — Swiss- A Bk.115 — '.
Gas Con A.. — 22 Truck Elect. 10
Hon- P Co. 13 15 UR InC pfd. 43
Lon& SF Bk. — 60 Do com ... • : 7—
Morning Session.
Board —
100 S F & San.Joaquln Coal Co. , 25 PO .
$1,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 77 CO
$1,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 77 25.
Afternoon Session:
> . Board — "
$2,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. . 7T 25
$3,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. . 77 37«4
California Stock and Oil Exchange
OH Stock— i . Bid. . Asked.
Apollo '. • 4«
Associated Trust Certificates. 19 20
Caribou 4 00 6 0»
Central Point Con 70 7:t
Chicago Crude 20 21
Claremont - 61 64
Four M ....
Fulton 2 00 3 75
Giant 16
Hanford ,....179 00 ISO 00
Home 160 • .'...
Imperial 14 00 17 00
Independence 20 23
Kern 5 00 5 12%
! Kern Rlvar ...¦'•: 12 CO
: Monarch (of Arizona) 4t ........
I Monte Cristo 65 • TO
[Occidental of W Va .\ 10' «...
Oil City Petroleum 42 i, ..43
Peerless..... \ UW
Plttsburg 15* .--20
Sovereign 40 ~ 42 i
Isterllng '-..: 2 6O
Thirty-three J * S 00
Twenty-eight .6 25 « 30
AsJKiclated Bonds 77*4 TO
Miscellaneous —
Northern Cal Power ...t 11 00 H 80
SALES. '
"" ' Morning Session. •" ' .
2700 Four Oil 5 «O
Afternoon Session.
1000 Independence 22
370 Associated * 19
100OO11 City Petroleum , \'44>
1 Hanford ISO 00
. Mining Stocks.
SAN FRXNCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. "
Following were the sales on the San Fra.n
clsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alta 091 100 Gould & Cur. 82
•10O Belcher 33| 100 Mexican 2 35
100 Con C & Va.l 80 200 Ophir '......5 8T%.
500 Crown - Point. 17 200 Overman ..... 3»
100 Exchequer .. 35 200 Scorpion ..... \H
300 Exchequer .. S4 400 Sierra Nev .. 7*
200 Gould £ Cur. 31| 500 Union Con ¦... 85
•' - Afternoon Session. • "
100 Andes .. . 321 200 Ophir. ....."...5 73
20O Andes .....:. 311 40O Ophir B 87%
I 100 Caledonia ... 74) 5C0 Sierra Ner .. 71
300 Chollar 251 ISA Silver Hill .. 59
M) Con C tc Va.l 80| 300 Union ¦" Con .. '93
650 Mexican 2 251 1C0 Utah ......I. 14.
800 Mexican 2 30{ 4C0 Yellow Jacket,, 24
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE. ; '
Following were the sales on the Facidc
Stock Exchange yesterday: ,.-• <v .
Morning- Session. ¦-,-., •;¦¦ ».;
100 ChaUenge Con '25C10O Savage '.' 45
100 Chollar ..... 25) 1C0 Savage .....v. 48
100 Con C & Va.t 80| 200 Sierra Nev .. 74
100' Con C & Va.l 75| 200 Sierra Nev .. .71
100 Con C & V.I 77%!. 1«> Silver Hill .. fO
100 Crown* Point. 18( 500 Sllvvr- Hill .. «» ,
20O Crown Point. 17 .500 Union Con. .^.Ofi,
. 500 Kentuck . 04 10O Union Con .: H5
200 Mexican ...2 27% 100 Union Con .„ 94,
400 Mexican .2 30- :;<o Union Con ... (U
100 Ophir ...... ..5 75| 3C0 Yellow Jacket. 25
400 Overman 381 500 Yellow Jacket. \2t,
400 ' Potost . . » . . * . 22[ 300 Yellow Jacket. .- 23
Afternoon Session. ¦ ¦ » / . .^ .
200 Crown Point. 17| 500 Savage v. ; 4«
300 Exchequer .. 31 30O Seg Belcher .-. \\
100 Hale & Norc. 85 ICO Union Con . ., Vi
400 Hale & Norc. 8.1 WO Union Con .. 93
100 Hale & Norc. 82 100 Yellow Jacket. .23
100 Mexican 2 30 j [ .-.
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. "•' .'-.
Following were the sales on tJv»- fan Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange ye>terda)T
'; - Morning . Session. . .• .
3500 MacNamara .. u 17[32.V) Mont- Ton...l.47J% •
2200 MacNamara . IS! 1000 Ton Belmont.'. f5
1000 MiipahEx .. 10i230O Ton Midway ,.r 3S
' Afternoon Session.
S300 McNamara . 19-2000 Ton Belmont.. 70
700 Mont Ton...l 47%|10C© Ton Midway.. .H
1200 Mont Ton ...1 50.2000 Ton Midway.. S»
1100 Ton Belmont. 65| 5«O Ton Midway.. 3*
1000 Ton Belmont.. 66J200O Ton Exten v - 80
• CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
: , WEDNESDAY. April. 20— t' p. m.
, "' Bid. Ask. | i ¦ Bld.Ask:
Alpha ...."... 07 09 Julia (O 10| .
Alta ......... C8»-*C9|ju«tlce 12 .14.
And^s 31 33IKentuck 03 ' 04
Belcher 32 33|Keyes Graes.. — 1.0©
Best & Belch.l 90 2 Co| Lady Wash .. — C«
Bullion- *.....•: 12 14iMexlcan ....'.2 30 2 35,
Caledonia >». 73, - 75 j Occidental ... -84- 88
Challenge Con 23%. 27! Ophir 5 75 5 87%
Chollar .....^25 '20!Overnian M • »9
Confidence ...1 00 1 C5|Potost ; 21 ' 32
Con C A-Va.l 75 1 SOj Scorpion • .19 2O
Con Imperial/ « 04 Savage . . . . 44 . 46
Con N Y ...'. 03 ; .04 Seg Belcher .. 14" , 15
Crown- Point.-. 13 : J 1« Sierra Ne-e ... 70! 72
East SUrra N 00 ; — Silver Hl» .. 5S 60
Eureka Con... ¦ -r 5fi|St Louts .....— 10
Exchequer' ..- 30 • K3|Syndlcate .... 04 C«
Gould- & Cur. 30 31 Union Con .. -92 93
Hale A -Norc. R2 -84) Utah .;..>?;.> 13 14
Imperial .... -» 02 04| Yellow Jacket. 23-'. -24
; TONOPAH MINES. ' ' :
• Btd.A»k.| *,'.*' Bid-Ask.
Colehan :....— . 08! Rescue 07 . OH
EsDeranza'.:. — 01|Ton Belmont. 67 . 70
cfpsy Queen.. — 30ITon & *Cal... — ¦ K>
Gold r Anchor. 15 24 Ton Exren ± 79 83
Gold M Con. *- 10 Ton FractlonT. — -SO
Hannapah -. 10 — Ton of Nev.. 9 5O 10 SO
HSnnapth • M. 10 — Ton : - N - Star. .' • 2S — .
Little Ton .. 24 35 Ton Midway.. 37 , 3S
MacNamaro . IS X 19 Ton fc Salt L , 20 ..
Mont Ton. .1 47% 1 50| Ton Superior.. ]—-, WJ
Paymaster ... — CS United Ton .. .09. —•
Ray Ton ... -¦ «|VV.wt End .. 16 .20
Ray&OBrlen — " ° 4 '- •' | - - '
THE SAN FRANCISCO , CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 21, 1904;
15
•.'There --are- at present over 5,000,000
Jews in , Russia! It ¦ Is estimated that
since ¦ the • '/Laws - r of May" more ; than ;
600.000 .ol them have been driven', out
of ? the villages and compelled 'to*. h»i
crease the overcrowding In the .' th«t
tos of the cities.
CHICAGO, Auril 20.— Moisture in the shape
of rain or Know from the Hooky Mountains to
the Ohio River satisfied a lone-felt want in a
considerable Dortlcn . of the territory : affected,
and caused a shade- of weakness over open
trading in wheat. The opening was 4c : lower
to %c higher at SS^c to 85%c. Influenced by
the Ohio news, a number of pit • traders cov
ered short *alra.. The . demand forced July up
to Stic Sentiment soon became decidedly
COMMERCIAL FINANCIALJames Cone,,' a> druggist employed
at " Lengf eld's "; pharmacy. .'Sutter^ and
Jories 'streets; fell rdqwri;. a • flight "of
"stairs at ; the ' Orpheuni ; last" night. - At
Falls Down- Stairs.
'Mtirine: Ey«{ Remedy.,' Cures --Kyes.
Makes • • Weak • Eyes • strong. Doesn't
smart; soothes eye : pain. ' ¦'¦' • ¦ :
Justice of - the , Peace* Van Nostrand
yesterday gave judgment* in .favor .of
Robert, Me^ vln" Ames, . through :
guardian, ; Fannie Amesi l who sued
Mortimer and Herman , Fleishhacker
for,; $100 .damages ; resulting 'from 1 the
death of the plaintiff's father, Albert
H.'Ames, who was killed in an elevator
accident in the.premfses of. the defend
ants. './The judgment was at x once paid
by the Flelshhackers. •- . : . •"
Gets Judgment for Father's Death.
. -A", large meeting of the
of '' Sacred Heart^parish .was held ¦ last
evening fat ihe parish hall ' tor, the ; pur
poseTof making arrangements fpr.hold
ing an annual picnic.": David Supple was
electe'd : chairman,' iF.';Gr: ¦ Drury. secre
tary, and •_¦ Philip^ By me treasurer. It
was"' decided that," the picnic < take "place
at ' Sunset . Park , May 7.
Will Give : Annual: Picnic.
PUo's Cure for Consumption: gives. relief in
cases of , Coughs and ¦ Cold. All I druggists. 25c.«
The. condition of Professor Lincoln
liutchinson ' of the ', University of Cal
ifornia has improved to 'such an ex
tent that the. attending surgeons pre
dict recovery in , a few weeks. ' Pro
fessor \Hutchinson has been confined
at St. Luke's Hospital for some weeks
as' the, result of a painful accident.
While riding on a Fillmore-streetcar
he was thrown to , the ground. He
paid but little attention to his inju
ries {until, on consulting his physician
he learned- that both of his jaw bones
had been fractured. Since then his
Jaws have i been in. a plaster cast. ..' '
liutchinson Will Recover.
I COLON. *rrll 20.— The United States Senate
commute* sailed, for New -York to-day on the
sU*mslilp Tucatan.
Stock certificates and teal presses tt abort
ootic*. X.&-". S. Knowlet. 24 Second »t_ •
Mrs. Fr. Westerberg, assisted by her
pupils, Mrs. R. Berndt, John Xelson.
Miss Amy Peterson and the Swedish
Singing Society gave an- interesting
concert at the Young Men's Christian
Association • Hall last nighL' The. au
dience was enthusiastic and liberal
with applause. -*• r f .?..'-'. .7
Singers Are Applauded
Thomas- Peddler, one of the victims
of the glasshouse disaster, which oc
curred on Thanksgiving day, 1900, is
lying at the point of death at the City
and County Hospital. Peddler's legs
were broken in the accident and were
amputated above the knees.
Dying After Long: Suffering.
Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
be like visiting Eu rope without seeing Pax-
Is. It is a leading feature of San Francis
co, and is the most beautiful jewelry
etore In the world. Visitors or purchas
ers are equally welcome - 221 Montgom
ery street, between Bush and Pine. •
To Vl;rtt San Francisco
"Pit"? "Bourse"? "Flinch"? We have
all the'new games and the rules for play
ing them. Playing cards with new
backs, Kame counters, poker chips, dom
inoee, rules for ."five. Hundred" .and
others. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. •
Have You ' Played "Panic" Yet?
When the case was first investigated
many sessions were devoted to the
hearing of evidence and numerous wit-
Besses were examined. All the vol
uminous evidence will have to be sub
mitted to the presiding eWer and the
appellant and counsel for the church
will both be heard before a final deci
sion can be reached by Dr. Matthew.
Charles J. Haars, the estate agent,
who some months ago was tried before
a special jury composed of members of
the Howard-street Methodist Epis
copal Church on charges preferred
against him in connection with
certain . business? transactions and
was ordered expelled from - the
church, has taken an appeal
before the quarterly conference,
•which is now sitting at the church.
The Rev. \V. S. Matthew, D.D.. pre
siding elder, has the appeal before
him, Haars appearing in his own be
half.
Estate Agent Resents Verdict of
*Melhodist Church Jury and Looks
for a Reversal.
. Purity in domestic and national life
was one; of his therrres. He said that
In working out the principles In civili
zation God recognizes the individual,
the churches and parties and Govern
ments, and where God's will is recog
nized peace" and prosperity and bless
ings come, but wherever his laws are
abrogated disintegration and death
follow.. s: : :^:-Ui^'
Rev. R. Foster Stone, who has been
touring Washington, Oregon and Cali
fornia since September, last under the
auspices of the Woman's Christian
Temperance Union and other similar
organizations having for their object
the promotion of ' temperance, deliver
ed an address, at the Howard -street
Methodist Episcopal Church last night.
tional Life and! His Earnestness
Arouses Audience.
Speaks of Parity in Domestic and Na-
REV. R. F. STOXE DELIVERS
AS. ELOQUENT ADDRESS
CHARLES HAARS APPEALS
AGAINST HIS EXPULSION
the Waldeck Sanatorium the physi
cians say he is suffering from a frac
tured skull and may die. - ' \.
titles?" Heney. asked.
"Yes, but I still believed that Hyde's
title's were in the main all right. The
only real defect I- feared was as to the
existence of. some of his original grant
ors, but he was- getting affidavits from
a number \ of j these j and -.1 ( took this a a
evidence, that all of. them were existing
persons. . Yes, I believed his statement
that ; Elizabeth 'Dimond was - in exist
ence." , <- : - : :
you tell; Steece what Hyde had
admitted to you -In- his letter of January
10. regarding the titles he: had obtained
by the 'use 'of bootblacks, barbers and
others at a- small consideration?"
"No. • I thought that Hyde had per
haps-come pretty close to the; line in
his operations with' the bootblacks and
the friends ¦ of the . negro Janitor, but' I
thought that as these people had been
used -to obtain California school lands
the fraud, If fraud there was, was upon
the State and not upon the Federal
Government. No, I did not feel that
my having 'been | his attorney obllgetl
me to proclaim his acts to the Govern
ment agent."'- '. . . . .
HENEY PRESSES DDIOXD.
"Did you not" feel that your oath as
an ; attorney -bound you to expose him,
especially in- view of the fact that you
believed that he. had. come pretty close
to the ¦ line and possibly had his large
toe over 'the line?" asked Heney with
a 'straight face.' ' - . ;
"No,;r had. made up my mind before
leaving Washington " to . . discontinue
business for 'him, but still -I, had no
knowledge of any guilt j on his ] part."
' -'Did. you not know that, he had used
dummies, in .obtaining his school jands
and that these" bootblacks . arid "others
whomhe bought in; droves had perjured
themselves in swearing to .descriptions
of lands they had never seen?" '
'.'Noi T did not look 'at the" matter in
that way." ". * ' ¦ ; ¦•'•'¦ ¦ •• .,
"Did not you. and* Mr. ? Browne, of
Britton S & : Gray, agree that" Hyde was
crooked?" 1 . ; . ' * . .<-'
" "Well, '¦¦ Browne : said that'sHyde . was
a-; fool. He^.read; HydeV letter to" me
dated. January .*. 16, -1903. j and * then 'he
advised me to write s a" mighty, strong
letter— to : take '; the*, gloves . right off.
Browne said all the .selectors' who had
bought' .the t Hyde-Benson . base . glands
would be making trouble f or • Hyde If
the suspension ordered ' was not re
voked. So I -.wrote Hyde my letter of
January 22,' telling. .him that it was • no
longer; a question of preventing the
cancellation, of the selections, but of
heading .'off. a ; criminal, prosecution." •
• "You knew then that he was liable to
prosecution?" ' • - • ~~
"Yes, -but only for, using . fictitious
names, so far as I was aware. I knew
nothing, of. dummies or- forged affi
davits."
• "As you 'had . appeared as . attorney
in the Elizabeth' Dimond selections, did
it not bccur.that you, ' too, were liable
to prosecution?"- . :*.:
• • "Never. • That '; was • not my v reas6n
forj leaving Hyde's employ^Browne had
promised me • his- firm's San Francisco
business." ; : ' ; ; ' • -.
' * So the examination went again and
again over-, the details of. the Hyde-
Dimond. correspondence and of Di
mond's knowledge^., of Hyde's; office
methods.. The Government
clafm" they, have made out. a. clear case
against •. Dimond * as well" as against
Hyde. ; on the ground that the former
had r knowledge that should have -put
him on hist guard ' and 1 that ' his c failure
to disclose his clients acts to the "Go v"
ernment makes , him a party to the '• al
leged • conspiracy.' \ ,
1 Dimond's icrossf examination will con
tinue :this- morning. -
' John T. Flynn, who was married to
Catherine J. Flynn a short time ago;
is seeking a divorce on the ground of
cruelty. He says she hurt his feelings
by telling him that he wa. not 1 "as
good as a Swede or a streetcar con
ductor." He says that when she re
lieved herself of her thoughts 3he
threw her wedding ring on the floor
and left him. . Cruelty is also alleged
in the complaint filed oy Clara Lubin,
nee Timmlns, against Samuel- Lubin.
She objects to being called a liar and a
devil, alleging that these are the pet
names . employed by her husband In
addressing her.
Minerva Karry, who was married to
William C. Karry at Eureka In 1SS2,
wants a divorce on ; the ground of
neglect. She says he does not provide
for her and her four children.
Decrees of divorce were granted to
Leonora Achilles from Thomas Achilles
for cruelty, he having threatened*' to
kill her, called her names and wrong
fully, accused her of being an unfaith
ful .wife;. James B. Page from Estella
M, Page for desertion; Dorothy; Logan
from George T. Logan for . neglect;
Anna Head from Harry Head, an ac
tor, for desertion and neglect; Alice
Kelleher from Thomas ' Kelleher , of
Vallejo for neglect, and .Bartholomew
Marquis from Louise Marquis for-in
fidelity. .
Thomas A. Guptill, a designer, has
been cited to appear before Judge
Troutt to-morrow to show cause why
he should not be punished for Contempt
for failing to pay to Ella Guptili;. : hls
wife, the monthly allowance- she was
awarded last April. She says that,
though he has a good income, he fails
to comply with the' court- order .and
now owes her $165. >* !-,
. Frank Bartles, formerly of Vallejo,
is another alimony dodger, according
to the affidavit of his wife, Mary,
whom he is suing for divorce. She says
that, though he* was ordered to pay
her $25 a month pending his suit, he
has not done so. Bartles has been
cited to appear before Judge Hebbard
April 28 to show cause Why he should
not be punished for contempt.
Estella Kohn, who is suing her hus
band, Philip Kohn, .the theatrical man,
for maintenance, gave notice yesterday
that she would to-day af'- the court to
award her $250 a month alimony, $500
counsel fees and $250 costs oi court. •
DODGES ALIMONY.
Mrs. Childs finally became composed
and was led from the court by her
friends. She will to-day complete her
tale of matrimonial unhappiness.
Mrs. Childs is the plaintiff in; a
divorce action. It is a contested pro
ceeding, Childs having filed an answer
to her suit denying her charges and in
a cross-complaint filed counter charges.
They- were married' in New York ,ln
1901. Mrs. Childs at the time being a
widow, with one child, Madeleine, then
twelve , years of age. They took- up
their residence at Redding, where
Childs was superintendent of the Bully
Choop group "of mines. They did not
live long together, Mrs. Childs, she al
leges in her complaint, having learned
of certain facts connected with her hus
band that caused her to look upon him
with loathing and compelled her to
leave him. She told her tale of misery
to the court yesterday and it was while
under cross-examination that she
broke down and made' the attempted
assault upon her spouse.
"Judge, I did not. mean to, lose con
trol of myself, but the sight of that
man, sitting there, where every time I
raised my eyes they fell upon his
loathsome face was too much for. me.
I hate him and I have every reason for
doing so." ;¦
LED FROM COURT.
"Let me go! let me go !"_ she cried
again and again as she was seized by
her attorney and the court attaches
and several of her friends. That man
has ruined my- life. Oh. he is low!
Please let me go."
Childs rose nervously from his seat
and stepped beyond the vision of his
wife's eyes. She attempted to follow
him, but was restrained, and it was
only when he left the courtroom that
she quieted down. Turning to Judge
Hebbafd. who, when she first lost con
trol of herself, had declared the court
adjourned, she elapsed her hands ap
pealingly and in a voice that was tense
with emotion said:
Quivering and shaking, in every limb,
with fire darting from her gray eyes;
Edith Childs stood on the witness
stand in Judge Hebbard's court yester
day and denounced her husband. .Je
rome S. Childs, superintendent of-*he
Bully Choop mines of Shasta County,
who, with downcast head and flushed
face, sat a few feet away. She called
him a beast and a brute, and then with
a stamp of her foot and a wild cry
made a rush toward him.
Attempts to Assault Him and
Is Quieted Only When He
Gets Out of Her Sight
'Then came .the witness' account^ of
his quarrel .; with'.. Hyde over, , the ¦ ques
tion^ of ¦ fees. In substance it \ was } as
follows: .V%\ r '.;.:: ' ",'. ''"'¦'
'•¦»"' In^^ December last. I heard, from' a friend 'that
Hyde and Benson I had I closed I up | their ; deal I in
the Aztec tattle C landa *. In > Arizona ; and had
"I thought it vas simply a mark of
his : conceit.- -Mr. Hyde': has_ always
been known • to' havea'good opinion of
himself. : No, 1 I^did'liot ;kribw^that ;he
had 1 any/forest^ superintendents or su
pervisors in his' employ."
THE: QUARK EL WITH ; HYDE.
1. "What ; did Hyde m'eani" - Heney
•askedj ngain referringito; the letter of
December 23, -"by-his remark- about
'a monopoly "of brains ', or ; , opportu
nity?'." ":';.. ;--• - : :;i»
"Do you not know that Mr. Wheeler
is now acting on behalf of Mr. Hyde in
this proceeding?" ' -
j "I can answer that question," cried
Wheeler, springing to his feet. "The
law firm of Bishop, Wheeler^ & Hoef
ler, of which I am a member,;repre
sents Hyde in the Contra Costa County
land case, which has nothing to do
with . this proceeding. *; My employ
ment for -Mr. Dimond-. here has no
connection with that ; case and - is ¦ not
in any way related to Hyde: It is true
that Hyde endeavored to obtain the
services of my firm, but I refused
and recommended that he retain Mr.
McEnerney." -.'-",.
. ¦ "The Government is entitled to
know whether this witness is co-oper
ating with Hyde,", said Heney.
"Not in any way," chorused the at
torneys for Dimond and ;Hyde.
.-Wheeler added: "If the Government
can. show any connection- between the
two defendants, well and good. \ As a
fact, however, there is rro such connec
tion." • ' .
• "Mr. Heney," Dimondjsaid, bending
forward and trembling with; emotion
as he spoke:. "I alone' am employing
Mr. Wheeler, but he is doing me the
greatest act ; of .'" kindness I ",. ever re
ceived. He Is acting for^me without
compensation.' Mr. Knight I expect
to pay. but it will' come wholly out' of
my own pocket." - , r s -
XOTA GOVERN3IENT WITNESS.
"You remember that» I sent you an
offer to accept any: statement y you
might; make; to ,me; and- promised, if
you could clear up certain matters, to
move that the complaint "as against
you be dismissed ?'.' ; was. Heney's next
query. • • , ; / . ' •
• "Yes,"/ answered Dimond ;• "ray son
brought me' a message inviting me to
call, at your; office and to .bring; a
friend with me. On^the advice of my,
counsel, 'however, ,1 . decided 'to", come
here and tell the whole story publicly,
so that no ' one] could ; say! I ; had^ tried
to take • an . underhand ; advantage ¦ of
him. I preferred to vindicate. myself
in open court." .'¦•'¦¦ ..^ ./
"When Hyde-talked with you in the
spring: of 1901 about going to Washing-,
.ton in his interest what did he say con
corning the repeal of the forest reserve
act of 1897?" was Henfey's first ques
tion. It opened the way to a mass of
testimony in part as' follows : ' j-'i. '
Hyde raid it was likely the act wouid .be
regaled, as muny attcinuls to ; tinker. It
already occurred, and Land Commissioner Her
mann was believed to be trylmt to get • «tj*
peaUd altogether. Hyde told me to keep track
of these, movements against the ¦ »ct .e-^ -TV hen
he fame to Washineton in October. 1001- he
asked me to orolon* my stay there . In order
to kfeD track of oofsible legislation, and he
then esalain«d"that he was indifferent to the
proposed repeal, provided former relinquish
ments were protected. In December I advised
him that tome bills on the subject had been
introduced In Congress. Lnder date December
23. 1901. he replied, saylne amone other
things- "Better devote yourself to protecting
the existlns surrenders. There should be no
trouble in getting such a proviso inserted in
the new act. J might spend a lot of money
In tryinc to prevent the repeal of the P" 8^"'
law knd accomplish nothing. I "^'T' m »« e
any money in a general scramble, with curb
stone brokers, because I cannot work f or _a o
per cent commission. I profited only where
1 had a monopoly of brains or opportunity. ,
"What did Hyde mean," asked
Heney. "when he said he' had been
scrambling with curbstone brokers ?"
HEXEY HINTS AT COLLUSION.
This started a lively , altercation
aniong the attorneys, in which tHe
question was lost . ; sight of . • Wheeler
protested that Hyde's sentence could
not be so interpreted, arid -McEnerney
jocularly offered to referee the' "scrap"
between Hyde's attorney and Govern
ment counsel. Heney. finally-masked
the witness: . • - •
THE ACT OF 1897
Yesterday "was an uncomfortable day
for Henry P. Dimond under cross-ex
amination by Francis J. Heney, spe
cial counsel for the Government. in the
land -frauds case. The witness was
pressed as to his knowledge ofj the' al
leged Illegal acts of his ; former client
and present codefendant, Fred A. Hyde.
He admitted • that his ¦ dissatisfaction
with Hyde's acts and statements had
led him to cease to act as the land
speculator's attorney and that he had
failed thereafter to disclose his knowl
edge to the Government agent who
questioned him regarding Hyde's meth
ods," but he stoutly"protested that noth
ing, he had ever ; known or done or
failed to do made him in any way a
party to the conspiracy to defraud the
Government, as charged in the Federal
Grand Jury's indictment.
The day's work brought out more
fully the story of the rupture between
Hyde and Dimond when the latter re
turned from, Washington last year dis
gusted with-his client's refusal to fol
low his recommendations.- Incidentally
the witness charged Hyde and Benson
with having treated him most Illiber
ally in the matter of payment for his
professional services, in the deal nego
tiated by him with the Seligmahs in
New Tork for the purchase of the Aztec
Cattle Company's vast holdings in Art t
zona. This testimony gave weight to
Dimond's denial that he and Hyde are
now co-operating in their defense— a
denial emphatically indorsed by all the
attorneys for the two defendants con
cerned In the current proceedings be
fore United States Commissioner E. H.
Heacock.
More .of the • Hyde-Dimond letters
were introduced in evidence, and Heney
obtained from the Commissioner a rul
ing admitting as to bot* the defend
ants that portion of the correspondence
which' was put in by Wheeler during
his direct • examination of his client.
This decision was made against the
strenuous objection of Garret W. Mc-
Enerney, Hyde's attorney.
"We now offer .the Hyde-Dimond let
ters that werevput in evidence by Di
mond," said'Heney, "and we offer them
as to both Dlmond and • Hyde." .<
"The letters are privileged'communi
cations," objected McEnerney, but the
Commissioner' overruled .'the objection,
and the letters evidence against
both defendants. Heney, however,
turned first; to Dimond's interview with
the Government's agent, H.. E. Steece,
before taking the 'witness back to his
correspondence- with Hyde. Steece 'had
come to San Francisco in company with
Jude A. B. Pugh of the. Interior De
partment-in; February, 1903,- to; investi
gate the land frauda.The witness said
that Dimond had first told him of their
being here and asked that he see them
and try to Impress upon them that. the'
Hyde-Benson ,, land transactions ', were:
legal. Steece 'had . called by. invitation
and Dimond . had assured . him that
Hyde had an excellent; standing in the
community and'numbered many.promi
nent people among his friends.
"You knew then that Pugh and
Steece were investigating Hyde's
Dlmond'alst) told of a series of trips
he had made to Marin, Contra Costa
and Alameda; counties in the interests
of the Automobile Club's effort to have
the Supervisors . enact ' satisfactory
speed ordinances. He. had -. obtained
this employment '¦ through ¦ Hyde, who
was president of the club, but- when
the club paid his fee of $100 Hyde kept
the check, saying the work had been
part of Dfmond's employment by him.
"! thought this. a small piece of . busi
ness on his part,'' added the witness.
INTERVIEW WITH; STEECE.
Benson was in New York at the time,' but
when he . returned ; I saw him about^Hyde's
statement that he (Benson) ; would ' not con
sent to pay anything to me for the Aztec land
contract. - Benson said it wul'a d d'lie."
He, too, admitted- that I was entitled to com
pensation, but he said he was in trouble hav
ing been indicted for bribery, and had to raise
so much money, that It would be. almost im
possible for him to pay me anything until the
legal proceedings were out of the way.
Hyde put up a poor mouth. ''He said he had
b^en done out ; of hi* share of the Droflts by
Benson, and he received .only $10,000 and some
of .'the land still remaining unsold,' instead of
the $30. COO he oueht to have had. I was en
titled to pay for my- service, he admitted, but
he said he could not pay me ajiythingr without
Benson's consent and Benson would not afree.
&I Bot pretty angry while listening- to Hyde,
and told ¦ him ; It was a d— — d' shame that a
man should do so much work and; not, b? paid
for it. I-also informed him that -I. recognized
some cberacteristicfi of which • others had told
me, namely, "thaf he was a .'cold. -hard and
grinding man. . Perhaps si interoolated some
language even stroncer than* this. '¦-/¦-.-.'-
divided $60,000 profit. Acting on . the ¦ advlc*
of : Sena tor 'Felton, I sent for'Hyd? . and-he
came to my office, where I reminded 'him that
I was •till unoaid for my- work.^and said I
believed r was entitled 1 to a fee of^lO per'cent
on the profits growing out -of 'their' sale of the
landa. This: had been a -matter wholly out
side my retainer from him in the lieu land
business, >I added.; and ¦ I ihad : successfully
negotiated a contract for 12S.O0O acres of land
which were now- nearly air sold at a-handsoms
profit.- . , . • ¦. • . . . .-¦ - •,»•>;
CALLS HUSBAND. A*BE AST
Edith Childs, Wiile Telling
of Her Misery, Grows Hys
terical and Makes a Scene
Defendant in Lapd-Fraud^Gase Tells^ Again
of Quarrel With /Former . Glient,; But
,: Insists That He Knew of No Wrong
SCORES SPOUSE
BEFORE JUDGE
HENEY WORRIES DIMOND
W I TH PO I NTED QUERIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY." APRIL * 21,:=: 1004.
16
: --- : ¦•¦•¦ :»-- shale's.;-" - r \ _^_^^^ AljE ' s ' -
Aiiy This Stationery 15c bx
. '¦ Some 2ooq boxes,. including many partly sold lines, are all
putfona.table^at a special price this jnorning— I5 C - - ' m
T* "Not a box thatisn't wortfi at' least 25c. Because , we haven t _-
: full ; lines we are willing to take the loss of 10c on each box to
1 close ; them 'out' forthwitii: , ' ".
irit's; paper by the pound here's an excellent quality blue and white
Madison and .Lakewoo'd brands, 20c^ Ib. Envelopes to match are 10c
package. ' \ . ~ '¦ . ,
' These tablets at 5c will.surprise every one, to-day. So leaves in cacn,
; satin finish and ruled. ..¦-.-¦ 'Y ¦ •' - ' / ; *
Dress Ginghams; 10c- Straw Braids 5c yd
/."'Why, I thought I would have to , (Just m time.)
pay i2}4c." • • -Here are the straw braids you
We believe you would if you go . „• u een waiting for . in the
any -place else. ¦; :\Ve don't know of na% e ° ec ? W "f •„" hlaclc*
any one else selling them under season s -best patterns , blacks,
i2j4c. :¦;¦;• . browns, navies, grays, castors.
They are standard ginghams, re ds and champagne. What's
recognized by all as the best. ,'. , . . r *, ' f u«.;v- l*»«<i than
Other dress ginghams even at best of all, they re less tnan
8 i-3c. Andon:upto 15c, 25c. / wholesalers ask for them — 5cya.
Fancy Pattern Veils • AIs^ wire Frames J f ,
t.i. ¦'- .1 * '*• j Just, what every one wants and
500 of them, worth $1.00 and £jj at they wou i d expect to pay 25c
$1.50. We are able to put out f or . (We don't know where they
to-day "i/. are selling any place under 25c>
At • ttn^ Caih - Here are the season's best styles in
.¦"-;.;: At OUC cacn b j ack or w hitc. First time this
. Pretty, dainty, styles for hat morning, 15c.
drapes,. and in the prevailing Tux- .
edo meshes, even a few Brussels net
effects, those with large ' chenille Hnmmnrlfc
dots at the borders and ;form de- nammutM
signs on the ends; most recent You will want to buy to-day,
styles there are. >ii'-y/£%/> . , , ¦ c , „_
And'think of getting them now at 95 C / regular price J?I 0 0.
1 0? re ''• Sarf- "" $ F ' 4 ° > re S ular P rice $ l '75'
All black and !white with black $1.70; worth $2.25*.
idots. • '. ' . r ' ; '¦¦¦'-
— — — — ';?¦:., >\ £*cw styles, too,-
Hat Pin and ' And right at the beginning of
Shirt Waist Sets 15C the hammock season.
Gold-plated,' with satin finish. 95c; cotton . Hammock, in canvas
The beauty of it is theynot only wrave. with concealed spreader,
match, but. you can get them both . pillow and fringed sides; 34x70
for what the* hatpin alone would : - in. Value $1.5(>.
t $1.40; Cotton Hammocks, closely
,»V ¦ «j »^ j •£ ,1 'woven, with deep fringed
; ;We wouldn t r wonder if they valance, concealed spreader and
would all go to-day.. pillow, as well as extra foot
... * bar. Of course, th.«"re_ are sev-
aty 4&& &4&£ $1.70: Canvas Weave Hammock".
aft/ f&f (gtfS&ji fKr* (fgj$£ -^^S^ with rW'p frinped valar.ee,
X3S7 Jma JTZ1 spreader anrl tlirow-back pillow;
JSr /ijuiAk Z*r even an extra foot bar. Strong
JPB^^^vpOO OOOtf»^^ colors. Value $2.25.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
: : J7 VERY one of the four hundred vehicles in
our s&>re is new since January I st ' The fire
last*July took all the old .ones. You will be in-
terested in seeing the finest assortment of Car-
riages ever shown west of New York City. ;
¦ '' OF CALIFORNIA.
: Carriage RepairirigProperly Done. /
Catalogues Furnished.
Kesrnr aid SBtter Sts. — ¦¦sTiiTlllrf^ - '
SALE OF TOWELS
(Secood rioor Satter Slre«t)
If vou have been waiting for a favorable opportunity
to purchase good, serviceable Towels /or less than the usual
outlay — these items to-day should prove very interesting :
AT 10c EACH-Bleachcd Cotton AT 22c EACH-Bleachcd Linen
Huckaback Towels, ready for Huckaback Towes, superior
use. s!« 18x38, worth regu- quality and larje size, worth reg-
briyiatfc. ularly3oc.- -".;;.;
AT 19c EACH-H em stitched AT 25c EACH-Bleached Hucka-
Huckaback Lkien Towels, extra back Towels, very heavy, pure
heavv, size 18x36, real value 25'c linen, with borders; worth 35c-
"Silks— Most In Demand
rEtrst Floor Xearny St.)
The favorites for Summer Shirt Waist Suits are all here
and include the neatest checks, stripes and polka-dot effects,
also many in small figure designs. These we present . to-day
a&e the most attractive values offered this season.
21 inch Figured Peau de Soie, in en- 19-inch Fancy Taffeta Silks, In a
tirely new designs, and choice great variety of new stripe and
colorings; worth $1. 00, rc check" effects, real «| Aft
special at <^ c value $1.25; ourprlce.. «pl«UU
zx-lnch Figured Liberty Satins, in 20-Inch Satin Messalines— a soft,
small, neat patterns, specially rich silk, very much in vogue for
adapted for summer *- AA street gowns; splendid (| A *
gowns; great value at.. ipl.UU value at ?1.UV
Ladies' Summer Neckwear
(First Floor Kearay St.) ?pX'
We have determined to give our patrons to-day the best
values in neckwear ever known. If you want any come early.
New Wash Stocks in very latest Charming Taffeta Silk Stocks,
effects, made of Lawn and Cham- made with bows, in white, black,
b ra y_5 0ni e havt bows, others red, blue- and pink— some have
are with stylish tabs— in white top collar of lace, some em-
and colors; real values 50c -,- broidery, others are plain; - ft
and 65c; sate price *3C regularly 85c; sale price. 3UI
Lawn Kimonas at 50c-
(Third Floor Kearay St.) '
Although the prices be very low, these are exceedingly
pretty Kimonas. They are made of good quality Lawn, with
latest style bell sleeves; the colors are solid pink and blue,
trimmed with plain white band; some are in white ground with
small, neat figures. Your choice of them to-day while Cf|p
quantity lasts at, each OUu
Stamped Waist Patterns
(Second Floor Kearny St.)
This is a new lot of Shirt Waist Patterns which we place
on sale to-day. They are stamped on the very best quality
of Imported Mercerized Damask, ready to be embroidered.
The designs are Acorn, Pomegranate, Butterfly, Scroll, Sti-
letto, Conventional, etc., all exquisite patterns and tri pa
splendid value at, each
Ladies' Divided Skirts
For Bicycling or Horse-back Riding. (?£«?!£)
A spacial sale of these Divided Skirts will be the particular
item of interest in the Skirt Department to-day. They are
made of good quality Covert Cloth, correctly shaped, with
extra attachment that can be adjusted so as to hang like a
regular walking skirt. Colors are gray, tan and ffQ TC
brown. Sale price ':. $0.1 0
$2.00 J. B. CORSETS AT $1.00 l(g£$%£}
We advise you to come to-day if you are interested in the
best Corset- values ever offered. This sjle includes several
models in straight front, with low busts, dip and short hips,
that are made of best materials, in white, gray, black, pink
and blue - Corsets that sell regularly at $2 per pair. C J flfl
Special Sale price 4>I.UU
Write for our New Sprint Catalosus— We mail it Free.
_ ¦ . ADVEBTISEMEUTa.
IB w ml IB 9 B8 I 1 ' h
39 STOCKTON STREET.
Telephone Kata 5522.
Brinp as your orders— !arg» or small; w«
will quickly convince you, on a singrle trial,
that our goods are the best quality, our
prices the lowest.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Specials
CREAMERY BUTTER, per square, 32^c
Our usual high grade. Res;. 35c
FANCY RANCH EGGS, per dozen, 22'/ 2 c
The very best.
KONA COFFEE, roast or ground, Ib., 20c
' Carit.". Cook's celebrated brand. Res. C5o
NAVEL ORANGES, per dozen 20c
Large size, best quality. Kej. 30c
FRENCH MIXED CANDIES, per Ib 35c
Only best , of Ingredients used/- •• Rej. 40c
IDEAL: LAUNDRY SOAP/7 cakes for 25c
' ' - Reg:. 6 for 25c
. Once used, you uee no other. A
CALIFORNIA CREAM CHEES E, per Ib. 1254c
i CONCENTRATED SOUPS, 3 cans for 25c
c/Van Camp's or Campbell's. Reg. 10c can
APETIT SILD .' ... .2 cans for 25c
.. A Norwegian delicacy. Reg.' 13c can
R.'S.:!. P.iSALT:. . .5-lb. cartons,.15c
WINDOW SCREENS— . »**•»«
Hardwood frames —
12x3"ia.. ....special price "Tic: ng. 35c
12 x33ii :..... special price U«>c: rtg. .TPc
• 12 x 42 »'j. ;..".. special price £Sc; reg-. 35c
MELLWOOD BOURBON, bo!. 75c, gal. $3
, A whiskey with a reputation.
Res. Sl.OO-St.OO
MARQUETTE RYE . 1 per botlle, 90c
''; . Re*.' $1.25
RIESLING per gallon, 40c
. Reg. 50c
Try It. for a change, with your dinner.
PABST MALT EXTRACT, per dozen. S2.10
Reg. $2.25
Moti's Sparkling Cider, qfs. 25c, pis. 15c
Reg. 35c - 20c
Let ua figure on your camping orders.
To B© I
Absolutely i
Sure I
of I
Good I
Teas I
Coffees I
Spices I
Baking Powd er j
and
Good Things
to Eat
Extra Premiums
this week
to trade |
at I
Great American. Importing Tea Co 5
S61 Market 210 Grant av*. - 1419 Polk. B
14U Sixth 1819 Devisadero 705 L.irVin ¦
475 Haleht S006 Sixteenth 35.1 Hayes ¦
CST. Mission .'-21 Montr ave. 52 Market H
2C08 Filimor? 2516 Mission 146 Ninth ¦
*«B Third r .« ; . 2732 21th - 469 Fourth H
DON'T RUIN
¦¦•fSBF 1 YOUR EYES.
Are your tlassea soothing and restful? 5>o
they relieve the strain, blurring and urlng —
the eye«? If not. use Geo. Mayerle'* Antiseptic
Eyeglass TVIpera. 15c: 2 for 25c. German Eye-
water, makes weak eyes strong, sore eyes welt.
Keats tired eyes.- By» mall '62c. ' GEO. MAT-
ERLE.> German Expert Optician. 1071 MAR-
KET STREET. 8. F.
A OTI4M A To * lay Cu«d."- C*u»« r«-
l\ N I i B IVI l\ ™ oved - Health . restorsd.
• I ¦ I t ¦ /-» No • more Asthnv* or Hay
PI IDPW " Wrt' r " Book " W *Tr^.
• BEOS. . '
WRAPPERS
That are /Made Right in
Our Own Factory; and
Yours at
LITTLEPrices
That Include No
Middleman's Profit
Percale
i'MjMf wrapper,
H^p^ as Pictured,
¦ : SM§^r : On Sale;
Ma 01\Qfl, Wrappers made from
HI. VI.4U a fine quality of fancy-
PERCALE. V Yoke and ruffles,
trimmed in NOVEL TY. BRAID. :¦ ,
A* 0/ A IZ Wrapper of FRENCH I
Hl y'^y PERCALE, in "neat
figured and striped designs. \ Lined
SLEEVES. SEVERAL STYLES TO
SELECT, FROM.
Afiili Q 5 * Some WRAPPERS are]
fit S> I ;&.**;: made from an elegant
quality of PERCALE, others are made
of Scotch Gingham. Double Brete/les
trimmed in , embroidery and \braid.\
Wrapper v *^3?98^
Pictured
To-Day j||l[.^V
98c '^^1^
I Our.sprins "" SALE^OF^ : •¦."/ .;.',.¦¦¦;¦
Bookieus EMBROIDERIES
Ts flw "Complete." ; -ji' r ---'« ¦.'««¦:<«,/¦"
Send )n - . At % « L Sc ' lOc.WAc
Tour^Name ? and t5c per yd. "Some
"ana Address.- - are worth double. ~: ¦
MARKS BROS.
TheHomeofHonestyalues:
1220-1222^12MMaH(et Street