VOLUME XCV— NO. 135.
CHEFU, April 13. — A correspondent of the Associated Press at Tengchow, forty. miles northwest of^here, telegraphs as follows: Soundsof very heavy
firing: were heard at half-past 6 o'clock this (Wednesday) 'morning. The firing evidently was being done between here and Port Arthur. It is believed at Teng
chow that the long-expected sea fight among the IVliaotao Islands has taken place/ \ The Japanese battle-ship Asahi, flying an admiral's flag, was seen off Chefu
yesterday going west, and there is no doubt the remainder of the Japanese fleet wasin the vicinity of Port Arthur. The Russian fleet was also seen outside Port
NAVAL BATTLE BEING FOUGHT OFF PORT ARTHUR;
RUSSIAN AND JAPANESE FLEETS IN SEA COMBAT
Death of Explorer Heath.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. April 12.— I von
D. Heath. who gained note years ago
through his explorations of South and
Central America, died to-day at'his
home at Kansas City, Kans.. aged 67
years. He was a* brother of Dr. Edwin
R. Heath, also a < well-known traveler,
and explorer.
Ilcvp/iue Measure Denounced.
MANILA. April 12. — Thousands of
men employed in cigar factories and
in brewing establishments here united
in a demonstration to-day against the
proposed measures to secure internal
revenue. Governor Wright was pres
ent and a protest against the proposed
system of taxation was handed to
him.
Continued ou Tajc 5, Column 1.
MANISTEE. > Mich., April 12.— The
tug Frank Canfleld, owned by the Can
field! line, "rair; aground, at i .'the;'', outer
bar. at Point Sable'and : sank last night.'
Captain ;1 ;- Henry^'.Sriiith.'; 'Erigineer
Charles Kopf er /and Hel per^Wi lliain
Justhiann " were ; lost. [. Charles^ Smith
and ;Gus Szuszitsky,', mate. and.flreman.
were ; saved "by . the > use '/of Uhe', liferaft/
Tug '¦ Frank i Canflcld Is Sunk and Cup
tain. Engineer : and 'Helper ;
. ••:'•.'-. -yAfe Drowned. ¦'.'-- •
VESSEL RUXS ; AGROUND; -;
AND; THREE ;ARE. LOST
.War Xews • Continued oil' Page 3,
Parker , Wins in Xew. 'Jersey.
N.J., April' 12.-—Demo
cratic" primaries 'were held to-night in
the Third '- Congressional Districts J to
elect delegates to the State convention.
Eighty, delegates , chosen are for Par
ker, fifty for Hearst.
: SEOUL. . Korea; April ; 1 2.—^Japanese
advices "from .; Northern '\ Korea state
that ; the Russian's have strongly;-for
tified) Chiutienchang, r a walled "town
on; the Manchurian'.side of the, Yalu
River,' about' ten . mile's :"ridrthi of - An
turig."'"'. It :Is estimated. that ; there are
20.000iRussians of all arms at Antung
ready, to'.- oppose ! the_ Japanese " cross
ing. . : "..¦ ¦ , ' ¦ •¦¦•,' ;.'.,.'
* Webb'Hay.jan , : American- traveler,
has ; returned 1 here (from \ a journey ; to
Ariju, thence Ho-, the American '{-mines
at Urisen' and:" thence north* to' the Yalu
River." ¦?'•"•;-.•"'•. .' : .' ' ''• ¦" < : ¦-.,- -"¦¦"'.'"- :
.Twenty Thousand - Russians '-j to' - Op
; po8C r Advancc of Japanese. '.'
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash.. April
1 -.—A somewhat .unusual verification
of the"fear that '} the British ship La
morna was~ dashed to pieces on 'the
western rockyj shores of ':¦ Vancouver
Island during the, fierce. gales of March
is ¦; presented 'in I the fact ; that, all the
fish "caugh t by"; '. t he neigh bo'ri ng - In
dians ' for food \ a re found u pon '> being
opened to contain :wheat. : As the ves
sel was laden .with that commodity
and is supposed* to' have* metj her, fate
in^the. immediate", locality.* even the
most confident are" losing hope.v
Discovery Is Thought to Furnish Con
; linnationfbf Reported Loss of •
. '..;.the,Lamorna.' '*
INDIANS- FIND WHEAT:
'y . IX THE CAPTURED FISH
STRONG ." FORCE AT j AXTUXG.
MARYSVILLE. Ohio. April 12.—
Charles Albert Beecher of Cincinnati
diPd here suddenly to-day of heart
disease while visiting his niece. Beech
er was a close friend and confidential
adviser of Abraham Lincoln and was
a delegate from Illinois to the Nation
al Convention that nominated Lincoln
in 1S60. It was he who in 1861 as
sisted in obtaining for Ulysses S. Grant
a commission as captain in the Illi
nois volunteer service.
Old Friend of Lincoln Dies.
.; c ;NEW i HAVEN,-- Conn., April : 1 2.— -
Counsel for Mrs. Grace ;Imogene Ben
nett appeared 'before 'Probate -Judge
Cleaveland to-day 'with.' a petition that
W. : ,"J. r Bryan .be* removed • as ' executor,
of .trie .estate of the - late Philo ; S.*. Ben
nett;, the, chief allegation 'being that -he
was i dissipating the > funds "of; the" estate
in* lils legal actions in' attempting, to*
cause trie probating of , the ; '"sealed : let
ter." as a parbof;the s will. f The* "sealed
letter" gives Bryan $50,000: -The court
willseta date for a'hearlng.; • !
Mrs. Bennctt'Alleges That Nebraskan
" • Is Dissipating Estate's Funds In'-- .
._¦-, ,: Litigation. . '
ASKS FOR REMOVAL >
OP EXECUTOR BRYAN
BERLIN. April 12.— Stage represen
tations of .President Roosevelt and
Miss Alice Roosevelt were introduced
to. a Berlin audience last night in a
roaring farce entitled "A Mad Year"
at the Metropole Theater. .The Presi
dent was reproduced in a rough rider
costume. | Miss Alice, with a decided
American twang, excited much amuse
ment, but' the" police interfered and
prevented the useof^the name Roose
velt. The mariagement therefqre ; sub
stituted the names of Mr. and Miss
Washington. ;uj ;'
Berlin Police Interfere and Prevent
Introduction of Name of Ameri-" ;
can .Executive. I ;¦..
PRESIDENT AND DAUGHTER r^
CARICATURED IN A FARCE
Port. Arthur is about sixty-five- mile3
to the. north" from' Tengchow.' The Mia
otao islands' are. on **a ; line , between the
two, points arid about twenty-five miles
nor t h ' of ! Tengchqw. ' ' ' '..y
Dispatches' received - from the Far
East. diiririg'th£> past; five days have re
p^rted^both' the Japanese fleet and ; the
Russian Port Arthur, fleet 'to. 'be' cruis
ing, at: sea, In; the vicinity of Port Ar
thur.'r six Japanese .warships were 're
ported , off .;Weihaiwe{ 'on April 9 and
on" the 10th ;.lnst./ Japanese warships
were* seen" on 'the horizon ,'f'rom ' Port
Arthur. ' , . " . "V, \
On April 10 the Russian warships at
Port , Arthur . were reported to be pa
trolling ' actively \ arid - on the 11th inst.
eight Russian warships^ were -reported
to have been •seen." ten" miles outside of
Port -Arthur.; <¦ • , ", ". , . -
CHEFU/ April 13.— The captain.' of
the steamship .Lockshan, which arrived
to-day- f rora . Newchwang,' reports that
he heard heavy firing.between 5 and 7
o'clock this (Wednesday) : morning, in
the direction of Port Arthur. The firing
was continuous, but; no ships were.vls
iblei .Froni the direction of the "sound
he judged; that .there ' was fighting at
the entrance to Port Arthur. The Lock
shan j was ," the' last foreign merchant
vessel [lOjleaye Newchwang, sailing at
the same time- as the British gunboat
Espiegle, -at: 1 o'clock' yesterday after
noon..: '¦» • '". . ..• . •¦¦•": ; .. :
Faring of Big
Guns Is Gon
tinuous.
fpipe beneath seventy .feet of; water at
'the^reservoir at Boonton, ; but- t after
'twenty-one hours of submersion Hoar's
Jasttsignal ,on the life line was given
answered.. - . ¦ ,_ ;
Since ; shortly after noon to-day, no
sign has 7 come from the man," and John
Myers, -another diver, who was ¦ one of
Hoar's* best friends, :said when he
emerged- exhausted from depth -at
about 11 o'clock this morning; that^he
did /not; believe there : was more than
a spark of life left in the prisoner then.'
: Hoar may j possibly be alive, but t too
weak' ;to* make "signals. - On this bare
chance air, pumps are working^unceas
ingly and early" to-morrow a S fresh*
band of "divers .and gear will go • from
this city. The engineers will use some
desperate . means to shut off the. cur-*
rent of water which is rushing through
the fourrfoot pipe, which ' has the diver's
foot- caught in trie. suction at its mouth.
So powerful' is thisi suction: that afour
horEe , team .hauling on; a- rope" tied
around the diver's body • was unable
to stir him this 'morning: ;
NEW YORK, April 12.— All. devices
known to engineers' and submarine ex
perts have been employed to rescue
William J. Hoar, a diver who is pinned
fast at the moutirof a four-foot sluice
Special Dispatch . to The Call
PROMJNENT OFFICERS OF THE
¦RUSSIAN LAND FORCES IN THE
FAR EAST.
The Embassadors again' returned to
the charge. In, a. conciliatory spirit
they, demanded, not 260, but sixty for
eign officers, and, not to be outdone in
the matter* of ' concessions, '. the Sultan
agreed to employ twenty- five. In ac
cepting "this compromise' the Embas
sadors, in a note whlclr they sent in on
March 30, stated that the twenty-five
officers would proceed to Macedonia,
and wheri'it. became, .apparent" that
more* were required they would again
approach his Imperial Majesty on the
subject. i^Si*l- , .
This attitude on the part of Em
bassadors elicited from the palace the
most prompt and spirited ' note that
has come through the Sublime Porte
in many a long day. It stated with
quite ' Western : frankness and without
any Oriental verbiage whatsoever that
the number of twenty-five' represents
the limit of endurance in the matter
of . the .enrollment of foreign officers to
serve a country of whose languages
and customs and topography the offi
cers in ouestion can but be and are
absolutely ignorant. As a result, there
Is much rushing around and number
less strange rumors in : circulation . to
explain the new- and decidedly stiffer
attitude of the Porte.
I do not reproduce them, • because I
think the explanation is not far to
seek. Macedonia is pacified. -but it is
not yetjnah ideal^state-^far from it.
There are at large a~few bands of Bul
garian .cbmmltteemen and a ; few < Al
banians and about half the usual
quota of local bandits.
'."To-day the. city is full .of rumors^ At
one club. you hear that, the officers will
leave for ISalonica on ,the next steam
ship' and'inanother'that they will- not
leave at. all." TheLevantine tailors are
rushing about . with new '; uniforms'
which no one' else has seen.
CONSTANTINOPLE. April 12— The
gendarmerie detailed for the Macedo
nian reforms has entered upon a new
phase. . At last 6ne side of the contro
versy has taken a firm stand, and this
side is not that of the powers, more or
less united, but the Sublime Porte. It
will be remembered that at the begin
ning a demand was made for 260 com
missioned and non-commissioned for
eign officers to serve in the Macedonian
police, more or less under Hilma Pasha.
The Sultan acceded in principle to this
demand — unwisely, as many of his ad
visers think— but. curtailed the number
of foreign officers . considerably. The
Porte announced that Hilma Pasha
could find employment for five officers,
one from each of the interested pow
ers. *
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her*
aid./' Copyright, 1904, by the New Yorfe
Herald Publishing Company.
Vain Efforts to Res
. cue Man From
Reservoir.
Sultan Puts Limit
Upon Balkan
Reforms,
Some of the prelates of Vatican
circles, however, say Pius X has been
much .affected of late by reported an
archistic plots against his life. As. he
allows no one to open his private cor
respondence, he has read within a' few
weeks several anonymous letters
threatening his life. The reported plot
of South American anarchists a few
days ago increased his anxiety, alf,
though he tried to make little of^.Jh'fe
case and laughed about it with .(Mi?
prelates. ; J&li*
Yesterday's congregation in^.'Sf.^
Peter's noticed the Pontiff's extrabiV
dinary paleness and his haggard'Ap
pearance, and , many were the^'oom-*
ments made about his health;,'; In' view
of th« rumored plots the Italian- G0
ernment took extraordinary^'p'r'ecau-'
tions to protect the pope's -person, and
swarms of detectives in civilian 'clothes
or in priestly garb were;.; stationed
throughout the church ' during ; yesterf
day's ceremony. ¦ " "" ;;/'¦ ';/
On the plaza, where' thousands .""were
clamoring for admission, the police ar
rested several persons thought to. be
anarchists, who were, too insistent /in'
their demands for admission. When the
Pope was informed of the arrests, after
returning to; his apartments, he. broke
down, and it was then that the re
action set in after the strain* of the
last few days of anarchy. # \
ROME, April 12.— The Pope spent a
bad night, and was so much agitated
to-day that Dr. Lappcni, who had to be
called to the Vatican, prescribed a
soothing lotion. The Pope's illness is
thought to be due to his long ceremony
in St. Peter's, where he had to fast un
til after 1 p. in. when he was celebrat
ing mass. v- c V ; .
Special Dispatch to The Call
DIVER HELD
AT BOTTOM
BY SUCTION
Pius X Is MaSellll
by Strain ol
SHARP NOTE
FROM PORTE
TO POWERS
King. Edward and Lord Lansdowne
feel that their work is almost ac
complished and that there is no chance
that Russia can appeal successfully to
any great nation to help her in evad
ing arrangements which circumscribe
her ambitions. Hence "the King and
the Foreign Secretary believe that the
time is ripe for a renewal of the at
tempt to conclude an Anglo-Russian
entente that will allay the irritation
between the two nations and arrest the
tendencies 'that seem to be hurrying
them to a catastrophe. ,
Lord Lansdowne's methods In this
matter bring to mind his proposal with
regard to the* fiscal question,, when he
recommended Great Britain to provide
herself ..with. a revolver to compel other
nations to reciprocate tariff favors.
Apparently he thinks now that he has
a diplomatic revolver that he can level
at the. head of Russia to induce a rea
sonable frame of mind on the part of
that country. . .
Moreover, the 'King worked assidu
ously to win the good will of Germany
and Austro-Hungary, thus bringing the
triple alliance bodily over, to the side
of the vast bodv of political and moral
force Great- Britain had been organiz
ing for the purpose of increasing her
influence with Russia in the cause of
universal peace, j" , '.¦ ¦ •
RUSSIA MUST MAKE TERMS.
At the outset the British Foreign Of
fice, to strengthen Great Britain's posi
tion, concluded a war alliance with
Japan; but Russia continued obdurate.
Then Lansdowne declared — aiming the
statement, as everybody knew, at Rus
sia—that Great Britain would resist by
force of arms any nation that should
seek a foothold on the Persian Gulf.
This also failed to influence Russia
and the British Foreign Secretary, fol
lowing the lead and personal work of
the King, proceeded to seek an Anglo-
French rapprochement and still closer
relations with Italy. The King and the
Foreign Secretary together succeeded
in effecting a strong sentimental bond
between Britain, France and Italy,
fortified bv a series of arbitration
treaties and, crowned by an arrange
ment for. adjusting Anglo-French dis
putes throughout the world.
ALLIANCE WITH JAPAN.
Downjng street has long earnestly
desired an Anglo-Russian understand
ing. Lord Salisbury recognized the're
lations of Great Britain and Russia
contained elements of war and wanted
to work out an agreement, but the
statesmen of St. Petersburg did not
seem to encourage the idea. They ap
peared to think that Great Britain was
moved by a sense of weakness and
danger, and announced Russian pre
tensions that Lord Salisbury would
not entertain.
LONDON, April 12.— With the sanc
tion and the support of King Edward,
Lord Lansdowne has begun negotia
tions that contemplate an understand
ing with Russia covering the great
political and territorial questions that
divide tb« British and Russian empires.
The proposed agreement,' "according to
the- views of its promoters in both
countries, would be as satisfactory as
the Anglo-French treaty just conclud
ed ana .would open the way for prac
tical plans . for limiting the military
and naval burdens of Europe.
8peciaJ Dispatch to The Call
"As you say that the war in prepara
tion is not a secret to you, this is
equivalent to saying that you are In
the secret of the conspiracy and knou
the conspirators, and. believing the oc
casion propitious for obtaining advan
tages and realizing your dreams, you
have observed silence with the Oov
ornment which you were serving."
The Minister's recall closely followed
this letter.
"Consequently, up to the present
time you have not been an ally of the
Government, being Its employe, and on
careful analysis you prove that you
were lying in wait for a moment to
hurl yourself against the restoration
end its chief.
President Castro's answer was thor
oughly impetuous. He declared that
Hernandez's life had been dedicated to
failure and that It was impossible to
fxtend the hand of friendship to Co
lombia unless there was assurance of
s sincere purpose. President Castro's
letter eald:
"You took advantage of an interna
tional conflict and the liberty which,
¦with exalted views, I then conferred
on you, pardoning you your well merit
ed chastisement, to approach me with
e lie on your lips, feigning, friendship
and confidence which I reposed in you.
and to raise again the standard of dis
cord. •
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON. April 12.— Behind the
rrcent rerall from Washington of Gen
ual Hernandez. (El Mocho), there is
a tangle of South American intrigue.
Th«> FUtpension of the Minister's pay.
th<» orders for him to return to Caracas
end the abandonment of the legation
in Washington, were the result of cor
respondence between President Castro
end General Hernandez. The general
ii-. now regarded as an enemy by Presi
dent Castro and another revolution
would not be surprising.
El Mocho (th«- maimed or.e) was re
leased from prison by President Castro
during the period when the allied
powers were blockading the Venezue
lan coast. He had been incarcerated
for political reasons. While the Vene
zuelan Minister was here he received
en February 6 a letter from President
Castro in regard to the subject of the
relations between Venezuela and Co
lombia and certain reforms.
General Hernandez had taken Presi
dent Castro to task for not officially
declaring peace in Venezuela, although
it had reigned unbroken for seven
months. He declared Castro was un
der obligation now to release certain
political prisoners who belonged to the
Nationalist party, of which General
Hernandez was a recognized leader.
He complained that his mail was daily
examined in all postoffices of Vene
zuela, which, .he said, was an evidence
that the Venezuelan Government dis
trusted Nationalism.
fr*cl«l IMsr*teh to The Call
Root contended that there was no
warrant in the general rules of prac
tice in the decrees of the courts, or Jn
the statutes for this intervention. He
said. the. decree of this court was lim
ited to the simple command "Thou
shalt not," and nothing was expected
but absolute obedience. .
The arguments of both Evarts and
Evarts, in his statement, contended
that the Securities Company, in. its
final distribution of the assets, Intend
ed to take a course which would con
tinue the common control of the North
ern Pacing and Great Northern rail
ways to the detriment of the plaintiff
and the continued violation of the
Sherman anti-trust law.
CONTENTION* OF COUNSEL.
"I respectfully submit to the court
that notice had been served upon me
that Edward H. Harriman, Winslow S.
Pierce and the Oregon Short Line Rail
road Company will apply to the Judges
of this court for leave to Intervene in
this case and to proceed and to be
heard in respect of the final decree of
this court, entered on April 9, 1903, as
affirmed by the Supreme Court of the
United States, and for such other or
further or different orders or relief as
to the court may deem fit.
"The United States neither admits
nor denies the allegations of the peti
tion, but objects to the proposed inter
vention. The case was heard by this
court on bill, answer and testimony,
and a final decree was entered enjoin
ing the defendants as therein recited.
Upon appeal by the defendants to the
Supreme Court of the United States
the decree of this court was affirmed
In every particular, the effect of which
was to end and close the case. The
United States stands on; the decree aa
affirmed and submits that the court
is only concerned to see that it is faith
fully observed by the defendants ac
cording to its terms. P. C. KNOX,
¦¦'/- :.. • "Attorney General."
This intervention was something of
a surprise to the petitioners, who were
not aware of it until after Evarts had
opened the case for the plaintiffs, when
Judge Sanborn asked him if he was
aware that the United Spates Govern
ment, objected to the intervening peti
tion. The court then directed Houpt to
read the objection of Knox, which is
as follows:
SURPRISE FOR HARRIMAN'
The attorneys representing the plain
tiffs are W. D. Guthrie, R. S. Lovett,
general counsel of the Southern Pacific
Railroad; Judge J. M. Baldwin of
Omaha and Maxwell Evarts of Ohio.
The defendants are represented by
Elihu Root, former Secretary of War;
John G. Johnson of Philadelphia;
Francis Lynde Stetson, counsel for J.
P. Morgan & Co.; George Young. Frank
B. Kellogg and C. A. Severance; also
C. W. Bunn, general counsel for the
Northern Pacific, and M. D. Grover,
general counsel for the Great Northern.
Besides this array of talent the
United States Government was repre
sented by District Attorney C. C.
Houpt, who presented an objection to
the intervention under the direction of
United States Attorney General Knox.
ST. PAUL. April 12.— A gnat legal
battle by corporation lawyers whose
names are familiar throughout the
United States Is being waged In the
United States District Court before
Judges Sanborn, Vandeventer, Hook
and Thayer. the action being; based on
a motion presented to the court by E.
H. Harrfmari'et-atrfor 'leave to Itile an
intervening petition for tha purpose of
showing why the Northern Securities
Company's officials should not carry
out a plan of distribution of the assets
of the recently declared illegal North
ern Securities Company in a manner
alleged to be Inimical to the interests
of Harriman and Pierce.
Government Objects to Proposed Inter
vention in the Northern Securi
ties Company Settlement.
Hopes to Repeat Success He Achieved
in Arranging Colonial Treaty
With France.
Charges That "El Mocho" Has Been
. Plotting an Attack Upon the
Caracas Government
POPE'S LIFE
THREATENED
IN LETTERS
King Edward Plans Settle
ment oi All Quarrels Be
tween the Nations.
Castro Accuses His Minister
to tlie United States
ol Conspiracy.
Takes a Hand in Railroad
Suit as an Opponent
ol Plaintiffs.
The Attorney General
Causes Stir in
St. Paul, j
Britain Seeks an En
tente With |
Russia.
Recall ol Hernandez
the Signal for
Revolution.
ON VERGE
OF WAR IN
VENEZUELA
LANSDOWNE
NEGOTIATES
WITH CZAR
HARRIMAN
FINDS KNOX
AIDING HILL
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO. WEDNESDAY," APRIL 13, 1904;
The San Francisco Call.
¦i "•' ¦ J ¦ THE WEATHZB,
Forecast made at San Tran
clsco for thirty boors .Attain*
mldnisrht, April 13:
San rrandsoo and vicinity —
Cloudy Wednesday; probably
•t'ght showers; continue 4 oool;
frees aontnerly winds.
A. O. XCcASZB,
District forecaster.
THE THEATEBS.
.'.¦'¦ ¦ < - .
Alcazar — "Aristocracy."
California — "McPadden's mil."
Central — "In the Hands of . the
. ' Enemy." ; ,¦••-..
Chutes— Vaudeville.
Colombia — "Mam'ielle ZTapo
leon."
rischer's— "Kismet.''
Grand — "A Doll's Home."
Orpheum — Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Day. • , .-.<.-
TivcU — "The Beg-grar Student."DENVER, April 12.— Practical inv
vestigations to determine the exact
composition of the loco weed, which is
the cause of much worry and expense
to cattlemen throughout the West, and
to detect the cause of Its poisonous ef
fects upon animals will be undertaken
early in May by Dr. H. H. True of the
Bureau of Plant Industry of the De-*
partment of Agriculture, who Is now
in Denver.
Will Study the Loco Weed.
were found proper to approve them.
Fifty cases or more were approved out
of ''their proper order within the first
six months. Benson never asked me
to pass defective cases. He. did ask
for advance information as to the re
ports from the superintendents recom
mending the withdrawal of lands for
forest reserves. I told him that this
was outside my department and that
it would excite suspicion if I should
try to get him the facts he "wanted.
But he kept Writing and I at last tried
to g£t him the information, though I
was very busy. I may have sent him
some reports and a map or something
of the sort— advance information re
garding, proposed reserves."
This ended the hearing for the day.
It will continue this morning at 10:30.
1 Then Heney took him in hand and
in answer to the Government attor
ney's questions Valk told -the 'following
story:
I first met Benson In the fall of 1S97, at
the office of Caytaln A. A. Thomas, in th»
Atlantis building. Washington, i My chief.
Woodford D. Harlan, told me that Benson
wanted to see me. We then had many selec
tions pendlne in the office in the names. o£
F. A. Hyde and C. W. Clarke. Thomas in
troduced me and then left us alone in the
room. Benson asked me to advance the. Hyde
and Clarke cases, in which he said' he w-is
interested. He agreed to pay me for doing
so. I consented to do what he wanted. It
was understood that Harlan and I together
were to get 10 cents an acre for all the lan<l
selections thus advanced and- approved. Ho
was to pay me .through Harlan. He acreed
to furnish me with a list of the cases ho
wanted expedited and he did so. The Ubi
jcame by mail. I destroyed It later. It con
talnerl the Fame names Miss Doyle te?tl
¦fieiV to. '
t, -«4JJ1 advanced some 'of the cases for approval,
Jiijtiwhen ?200 was due to Harlan and myself
Ind'he had paid me only $20 I balked. Later
1 m«t*Benson at the Shoreham Hotel In Wash
ington-in'parlor B. This was in 1S0S. I told
/thm' I 'i wanted to do the work directly and
tTiat Harlan was not giving me a fair deal
l;n *ithe :" money question. • He agreed then to
pay" . me dlrestly. at the rate of < lp cents an
acre "for i land approved. •- This promise was
Wfpf-. -Benson sending me paper .bills in en
\xlopes "addressed on a typewriter and con
'taininRi no": writing. These were sent, as we
had 'agreed, to my home at Laurel, Md. Gen
erally, the .remittance was $50 or $100 at a
time. AH told I got between $1COO and $2000
Then came the sensation of the day-
Chief Examiner William E. Valk's
story of his - dealings < with John A.
Benson and his declaration that! Ben
son paid him divers sums aggregat
ing $2000 to advance the Hyde-Benson
lieu land selections , out of their proper
order. The door for this , sensational
testimony was opened by the question
of McEnerney, who had called the-Gov
ernment official to the stand: ' '.v ".;
"Did you have a conversation; with
John A. Benson regarding the exchange
of .'worthless titles, procured by. forg
ery, for' lands outside the forest \ r&-~
serves?" _/
"No t " the witness replied. '."¦ ;'
Miss Doyle corroborated Mrs. Curtis'
testimony as to the "Dear Sir letters"
that were sent by Hyde to officials
at Washington, but admitted that the
defendant made no attempt to conceal
the contents of these letters from his
office staff, although their destination
was known only to himself, he ad
dressing all such communications. Aft
er Grant I. Taggart, the forest super
visor, had been recalled to say* that he
never received any money from Hyde
or! Dimond, Heney asked:
'.'Did you ever receive any money
from Benson?"
McEnerney's objection «that this was
not proper cross-examination was sus
tained by the Commissioner, who said
pointedly to Heney, '^'We'll let you
prove that at the proper time.". .
VALK SAYS HE WAS BRIBED.
PAPERS SIGNED IX BLANK. <|
Where powers of attorney were necessaijf
fop the exchange of these base lands' it wits
the custom of the office to have the powers
siRred in blank. We filled these out^wlittn
needed and sent them by the office boy acio.-.v
the street to a notary public, who" added th*"
acknowledgment. The grantors were 1 ' not ;1n
our office at the time, but I caanot say
whether they appeared before the' notary.
These powers. had to be witnessed. V ..myself
witnessed rome of tli'in at Hyde's direction,
without having seen the grantors sign. ' As to
the non-mineral affidavits which' had to ac
cCmpany the selection?, these, too.rwere fcept
In the office in bulk, after being signed- in
blank by Surveyor J. C. Bunner or Burreyor
A. F. Barton. When I needed an affidavit"!
filled out one of these signed blanks with "a
description of the lands and sent the boy
with It over to the notary, who affixed bit
jurat, declaring that It had been sworn to
before him.
Deeds of conveyance of the selected ' lands
were also kept In the office, signed In blank
by the persons whose names had been used
In taking out the selections. This sending
of the office boy with papers to a notaiy
occurred daily. The signer* seldom accom
panied the boy.
Question by the commissioner — Did the of
fice boy generally bring: back the papers 'with
h«m? .
Yes. He might get back in a few minutes
or be away longer, according to the number
of errands he had to do. Some of the deeds
of relinquishment ¦ were sent over • to Oakland
to . be signed. When they were brought back
I cent them. across the street for the notary's
acknowledgment. Jurt told the office boy,
•Take these across to the notary."
The Ortson and California school lands were
sold to the joint Interest of Hyde and B;nson.
and this joint account was kept by W. K.
Slack, then a clerk in the office. The school
or "base" land stood on our office books in
the names of F. A. Hyde, F. A. Hyde &. Co.,
A. S. Baldwin, Flora M. Sherman. H. C. Mor
ris. H. B. Morris, Crawford W. Clarke, L. L.
Rattenbury. Elizabeth Dimond and others as
owners, all of whom except the last two
tunned were relatives or business connections
of. Hyde's.
list, or docket, which I prepared for him. de
scribing all the base lands, the lieu lands
selected for exchange, the abstract of title
and other details covering the history of each
case. Before Dimond went to Washington he
epent his time In thfr office studying land de
cisions. I do not recall that he had any deal
ings with defendants Benson or Schneider.
So much for the direct examinatipn
by counsel for the defense. Under
cross-examination by Heney the wit
ness added the following:
SAX JOSE, April 12. — John "W.
Woods, a burglar, was arrested to-day
at Mountain View with an elaborate
safe-cracking outfit on his person. In
the Sheriff's - office here he admitted
that he had served five terms in the
State prison, his last release having
been last August, and he showed tha
Sheriff howhis tools were used, say*
ing that some of them, were his own
Inventions.
Burglar Who . Entered Santa Clara
County Houses 3Iakes an Inter
. estlng Confession.
CRIMINAL TELLS STORY
OF ins EFFORTS TO ROB
"Just what were you to do for this
money?" asked McEnerney in re
direct examination.
"I was to take up the Benson-Hyde
cases out of their order and if they
- Benson asked how the investigation of the
land grafters was trointr on. I"told him I
had been before the committee; that his name
had not been mentioned often, but that Hyde
was' named more frequently, and that the
Government peemed especially anxious to catch
Hyde. Benson was much pleased.
"Don't you want to go to my bathroom?"
Becson asked me when I had " finished. I
said "Ysb." and went. ' On .the washstand I
found *10O— four $20 and two |10 bills. But I
Just stuck .the cash in my ¦ pocket then and
did not know the -amount until I got down
stairs and accompanied Burns . to a nearby
restaurant, where we counted and marked the
money.- "¦;••'¦
The last time I saw Benson In Washington
wes In , December last, at the - new Wlllard
Hotel. Thin was > after the investigation had
begun, and when Captain Thomas told me that
Benson tvanted to see me I at once informed
W. J. Uurns, who had the ¦ investigation in
charge. ' Burns said, by all means to eee Ben
son. So I went up to his room in the hotel,
while Burns waited downstairs. •. >"
BEICSOX'S BATHROOM.
out of Benson. The last payment was lat»
In Midi or early in lint:', and was for $UUO.
All this was for advancing 'the Hyde and
Btnson selections. Some of the payments were
made alter IMmcnJ had come to me with
Benson's note of "introduction, s;»ylnE, that
Dininml was "all right," and they were* for
advancing' the cases Dimond had asked me to
advance.
FORMER HEAD OF DIVISION* IN THE GENERAL. LAND OFFICE WHO DECLARES THAT MONEY WAS PAID HIM FOR FA
VORING THE HYDE-BENSON LIEU LAND SELECTIONS, AND' A STENOGRAPHER WHO CONFIRMS MRS. BELLE
CURTIS' STORY OF THE AFFIDAVIT FACTORY. . '
PORTLAND, Ore.. April 12.—Dur
ing his argument for the defense In
the case of Charles G. Cunningham
and" others for conspiracy to defraud
the Government of lands Judge Balle
ray made the declaration that"there
is no such crime as defrauding the
United States of public lands. There
is not a statute in existence that deals
with any such action. The indictment
returned against those men is not
an unlawful act, for it waa lawful."
Judge Balleray declared that the In
dictment was not lawful in that it did
not charge specifically the kind of
"proofs" the accused were guilty of
swearing to and which were alleged to
be fraudulent. '
Attorney for the Defense In the Ore
gon Fraud Cases Makes His
Argument.
SAYS THAT TKAXSFEU
= OF LAND WAS liAWFULi
The following officers were elected:
President, W. H. Jordan; vice presi
dent, Ed Danforth; secretary, W. H.
Barnes; treasurer, Samuel Booth.
To-night the members of Yosemite
Lod£e of Fresno and Martha Lodge,
Degree of Honor, gave a grand ball to
the visiting: Workmen, after which a
banquet was served. Toasts were re
sponded to by Governor Pardee, Mayor
Stephens and many of the prominent
members of the A. O. U. W.
The morning session was taken up
with reports of the various officers. In
the afternoon the committee on good
of the order made its report. This gave
favorable mention to the Degree of
Honor and the work of the officers. The
members approved the removal of tho
grand recorder's office to new quarters
as necessary and more convenient for
the transaction of the increased work
being done by that office. Grand Mas
ter Dr. F. M. Browning was congratu
lated upon hi3 election as president of
the California Auxiliary of the Na
tional Fraternal Congress. The forma
tion of drill teams and uniform ranks
was urged upon all the subordinate
lodges. -»• ."•.
The finance committee reported that
theyfound all the books of the grand
recorder and grand receiver in good
shape.
Supreme Foreman Narvis was pre
sented by a committee. He made a few
remarks on the welcome he had re
ceived. Later in the day he addressed
the Grand Lodge on the legislation of
the Supreme Lodge last year in adopt
ing the new rate plan, and showed the
benefit to be derived from a safe, equit
able and sufficient system.
FRESNO. April 12.— The twenty-sev
enth annual Grand Lodge, session of
the Ancient Order United Workmen
was called to order this morning at 10
o'clock. About 450 representatives were
present, 100 of them being new mem
bers and to be initiated into the grand
master's degree.
Special Dispatch tc The Call
Subordinate Lodges Are
TJrged to Form .Brill
Teams and Uniform Ranks
REPORTS FROM OFFICERS
Italy has its highway stretching
along its sunny length, the pride of
the nation. So, too, will California,
Italy's twin sister, have a highway all
her own. and not so many decades
away cither. Just watch that conven
tion that meets on Tuesday a.nd see
that road begun.
v As to the r»lan of work at the gath
ering:, the idea most generally prevail
ing among students of road restoration
— which, by the way, firet found ex
pression with Miss Anna B. Pitcher of
Pasadena some eight years ago — is,
Rpeaking broadly, to cause to be resur
veyed the carreta highway", that ran
through the State from the Mission San
Francisco Solano (Sonoma) to Mission
San Diego de Alcala (San Diego). Now,
the greater part of that road exists to
day, over which our autos and farm
wagons are running blithely. There
are, of course, some > detached roads
that will need rebuilding — those that
ran to some of the missions now being
restored. Along all these roadways,
however, are farms and ranches, to
which the rebuilding of the road ¦will
come as a benison.
From San Francisco a committee
of Fix has been appointed by the exec
utive committee, which is composed
of Senator Joseph K. Knowland. presi
dent of the California Landmarks
L«ea£ue; Rufus P. Jennings, execu
tive olncer of the California Promotion
Committee, and Mrs. George Law
tfmith. president of the State Federa
tion of Women's Clubs, this committee
receiving its executive power from a
joint meeting held in this city last
month, at which were assembled rep
resentatives cf the local Chamber of
Commerce, the State Board of Trade,
t?an Francisco Board of Trade. Mer
chants' Association, California Land
marks League, Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association, California Au
tomobile Club. California Promotion
Committee. State Federation of Wo
men's Clubs, Associated Cyclists of
California, J. A. McNobie. grand presi
dent of Native Sons of the Gojden
West, and Miss Stella Finkeldey, gTand
president of the Native Daughters of
the Golden West — thus manifesting
th<? awakening of the bodies whose
business it is to do things.
The else delegates appointed by the
executive committee to represent San
Francisco are Jame? D. Phelan; An
drea Sbarboro. chairman of the Cali
fornia Promotion Committee and presi
dent of the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association; L. P. Lowe of the
governing board of the California Au
tomobile Club; Mrs. Lillian Ferguson;
H. H. Varney, president of the Associ
ated Cyclists of California, and Laura
Bride Powers.
The railroad rate, which is of some
Importance to the delegates of this con
vention, which differs from most in
that it's the delegates' own ducats that
buy the fare, ,has been xlxed at one
and a third of the regular rate. And
Chairman Fleming of Los Angeles an
rxrunced last night that the hotels in
the city-by-the-pea were preparing to
take care of the visitors at a special
rate, the Santa Barbara Chamber of
Commerce having that matter actively
in hand. What that special rate is will
be announced on receipt— but we can
bank upon it that the Santa Barbarans
will treat us well and fairly.
By the week's end hundreds of suit
cases will be gayly tagged "Santa Bar
bara — for koow ye lliat the Camino
Real Convention meet* in the old
mission town on Tuesday, the 19th.
and men and women from the nether
most parts of the State are preparing
to gro to that convention, that "the
people up their way" may have a hand
In one of the biggest and best projects
California aa an entity has ever con
templated.
From every county of the State —
lhat is.' where the Inhabitants no
longer hibernate, and we haven't
many such to-day — delegates are go
ing from the improvement clubs,
vomen's clubs, chambers of com
merce, boards of trade and all sorts
of bodies buildod for civic or com
mercial progression.
By iJknra Bride Powers.
Railroads Reduce Rates to
One and One Third, While
Hotels Prepare for Guests
TRIP NOT EXPENSIVE
Delegates From Notable Civ
ic and Commercial Bodies
to Gather in Santa Barbara
Twenty - Seventh . Annual
Gathering of the Work
men at the Raisin City
Having satisfied McEnerney's curi
osity, Burns was let go, and the de
fense called Miss Marion Doyle, the
young woman who succeeded Mrs.
Belle A. Curtis as stenographer and
confidential cle.rk In Hyde's office,
where she spent the two years ending
In December, 190L Miss Doyle * was
evidently a trusted and competent em
ploye. She told her story without be
traying any malice against Hyde and
with apparent candor. In the main her
testimony formed a sequel .to the sen
sational 'evidence given ' last week by
Mrs. Curtis, but It was somewhat less
damaging to Hyde, as the witness yes
terday was far more conservative than
her* predecessor and limited her an
swers carefully to facts within her
own ken.
ANOTHER WOMAN'S EVIDENCE.
The substance of Miss Doyle's testi
mony, which dealt largely with her
duties, follows:
My esoecia! duties In the office were to
look after the dockets, or books in which we
kept records of all the State school lands In
which Hyde was interested and the applica
tions to the Government for lieu lands, and
to make' up these applications and forward
them, with the proper affidavits, to the regis
ters of the local land offices. While I was
there Hyde sold much "base land." as the
State school land used for lieu sections waa
called. The -purchasers made their own selec
tion*. But when the selections were made tn
our ofUce for Hyde and thow Interested with
him I had to make out all the papers. These
Included the deed of rellnqulKhment to the
United State*, an abstract of title, and gener
ally two powers of attorney. One of these
powers authorized the grantee to make the
selection and Uw other empowered him to sell
the Jand aftet the patent issued. . •
Did you know of any titles based on forged
Instruments for lieu lands? - .
No; I did not know that any forgery of
titles was Amtnitted.
The defendant Dimond was - employed by
Hyde as early ae June, 1801, and later in the
year be went to Washington as Hyde's attor
ney In the •election fawn that were.drajrgln;;
Uf ore the department. He took with him «
One of them contained directions from Hyde
to Allen retarding lands the writer wanted
the superintendent to recommend for Inclu
sion within a proposed forert re«erve. An
other letter told Allen to send Forest Super
visor Grant I. Ta&gart to Hyde. A third di
rected Allen how to go about getting his
homestead tract exchanged for lieu lands with
out the Government's discovering that he wag
the selector. There were other letters from
Hyde, but I do not recall their contents.
"We ask that the Government be di
rected to produce those letters," said
McEnerney, "as we desire to show by
them that they contain nothing of an
incriminatory nature."
"Your client Hyde knows what is in
the letters," Heney responded. "If you
want to show what you say you do,
put him on the stand and let him
swear the letters were innocent. It is
evident, your Honor, as I have said
before, that this whole proceeding is
an effort on Hyde's part to find out
Just how much it will be safe for him
to deny under oath."
Commissioner Heacock denied th»
motion, and then in answer to Mc-
Enerney's 'question, "What was in the
letters?" Burns said:
HYDE ADVISES XULVLS.
William J. Burns, the Government
detective, was called again by the "e
fense and in answer to McEnerney's
questions said that, acting under
Instructions from the Interior ' De
partment, he had taken perhaps
fifteen or sixteen letters from
Allen's .desk. , Only a few of these
were from Hyde, the majority of his
epistles to Allen having come into th? t
Government's possession previously.
"These letters are now at Washing
ton," Burns continued, "in the office
of the Secretary of the Interior."
The first witness called by Garret
TV. McEnerney. of Hyde's counsel, was
Benjamin F. Allen, forest superintend
ent at Los Angeles and one of the wit
r.esses before the Federal Grand Jury
at Washington. Allen had been on the
Fiand before, but told little. Yesterday
he was recalled by the defense, with the
object, as McEnerney told the Commis
sioner, of disproving- the aifegation in
the indictment that he had been an
agent of the alleged conspiracy to ob
tain Government lands* by fraudulent
means. He said he never had any ac
quaintance or correspondence with
Benson, Dimond or Schneider, three
of the indicted men, but had known
and corresponded with Hyde since the
beginning of Harrison's administration
in 1889, when the witness had been ap
pointed forest superintendent of the
Southern California district.
"What hae become of those letters
from Hyde?" McEnerney asked.
"They were taken away from my of
fice last August by Special Agent Wil
liam J. Burns. He took all Hyde's let
ters. I never kept copies of my own
letters to Hyde."
"We demand the Hyde letters," Mc-
Enerney said, turning to the Govern
ment. "We want them to show that
they do not incriminate Hyde."
"You won't . get them." retorted
Heney. "Besides, we have none that
would show Hyde innocent."
"In accordance with my former rul
ings. I shell decline to order the pro
duction of the papers." the Commis
sioner announced. McEnerney con
tinued his examination of the witness,
who told that the only money he had
ever received from Hyde was some $400
paid him for lieu land the witness had
located. Hyde had settled the unpaid
entry fees and overdue taxes and then
paid the witness the balance due at a
purchase price of $3 75 an acre.
PAPERS IIKLD DACK.
Miss Marion L. Doyle, a former clerk
in Hyde's office, told a story similar to
that repeated last week by Hyde's
other woman employe. Mrs. Belle . A.
Curtis— a narrative of affidavits and
deeds and powers of attorney signed in
blank and in bulk, to be filled out when
needed and cent in bunches in the
hands of an office boy to an accommo
dating notary, who affixed his Jurat or
acknowledgment, as the case might be,
without seeing the affiants or grantors.
William E. Valk, formerly the chief
examiner in the lieu land division of
the General Land Office, told that he
was coj^ptly paid a large sum to ex
pedite the Hyde-Benson selections of
lieu lands. This Fum was paid him
solely for advancing the cases out of
their order, and not for approving cases
that were defective on their face.
Valk's testimory involved both Hyde
and Dimond, but bore most severely
on John A. Beat-on, whom he charged
with making the payments in the In
terest of the two alleged partners in
th«e lieu land business.
Counsel for the defense in the land
fraud case yesterday opened the door
for more of the Government's evidence
against the alleged conspirators. Con
tinuing'their policy of uncovering the
prosecution by calling the Federal wit
nesses to the stand they brought out
testimony of a highly sensational char
acter.
Sensational Testimony Given by Government Official Called by
Defendants Hyde and Dimondr— Charge That Their Claims
Were Illegally Advanced—More .About Defective Affidavits
CAMINO REAL
MEETING NEARS
GRAND LODGE
OPENS SESSION
LAND OFFICE EXAMINER VALK SAYS THAT HE WAS
BRIBED BY MEN WHO ARE ACCUSED OF CONS PIRACY
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALLV WEDNESDAY, "APRIL 13/, 1904;
2
rAJ> VEBTTSEMEKTS. I • '
Get the
Spring Habit.
Thousands have got this Habit,
and the benefits they receive
every spring, provided they use
the. correct medicine, follow them
through the heat and debility of
summer.
Of all the medicines used in the
Spring, Hood's Sarsaparilla is by
far the best.
¦ )
It exceeds all others in general
"use, as it does in general excel-
lence and medicinal merit.
If it happens that you have not
yet got the Spring Medicine
Habit, get it at once, and make
it a "fixed habit," -and make
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
the oiilv medicine you take.
BB, SHOOP'S BEMEPIE3>
HUMAN BAROMETERS
A Rheumatic Mystery
Here are some marvels of medicine!
A dose of Aconite will climax at three
o'clock In the morning.
Aloes will operate at five o'clock A. M.
and Sulphur at eleven o'clock. •
No matter what time, m the preceding
day. you have taken these medicines,
they will climax at the fixed hours here
stated and reveal certain symptoms al-
ways.
How do you account for this.
How account for a Itlieumatic per-
son's ability to predict a coming storm
24- hours ahead, by the peculiar ache in
his bones? *
Rheumatism is simply Uric Acid in
the blood. Can Uric Acid have Its tlnw
limit, like other chemicals, but reflect-
ing backward like a barometer? /
Uric Acid is due to a lack of Alkaline
material In the blood. This Acid absorbs .
the debris, or waste matter, of the sys-
tem.
It carries this waste matter into tho
blood, when there are not enough Alka-
line elements (like salt or soda) to
neutralize the Uric AcsG. and to free the
debris before it reaches the kidneys.
As the blood circulates through the
system, it then deposits small particles
of this waste matter in the Joints and
muscles. y
These particles are like granulated
sugar, or sand, and they grind between
the joints and muscles at every move-
ment.
This grinding causes intense pain ami
inflammation, frequently. -If the disease
be not checked, the inflammation will
cause the Uric particles to be coated
with a fleshy cushion, which in time
grows to the Joints aa well. Then "bony
Joints' and crooked limbs ensue.
Th« only way to cure Rheumatism is
to convert the Acid condition of the
blood into an Alkaline. Then to dis-
soH-e. and carry away, the deposits In
joints and muscles.
Then, to get the digestive organs into
a normal condition, so they will secrete,
without further help, less Acid and
more Alkalines. Upon this condition
depends cure, and the permanence of
cure. But — it is useless to kill Rheu-
matism if we also kill the stomach in
doing so.
Few drugs powerful enough . to dis-
solve Uric Acid deposits' are safe to
take into the stomach. This Is why
F-0-^n.lled "quick cures" are dangerous.
Rheumatism is slowly acquired, and
eo, a cure cannot be expected in a few
weeks' treatment, and never by external
applications. The first essential In a
Rheumatic cure is safety — the second,
effectiveness— the third, permanence.
In a medical experience of thirty years
I have known but one remedy which
combined these three qualities. It took
nearly ten years of my life to discover
and perfect that remedy.
The chief ingredient I found in Ger-
many, and ' to Shis I added, subtracted
Irom. and combined, until I now have a
prescription t>n which I daily stake for-
tune and repute.
After 2000 test cases I found that "Dr.
Shoop's Rheumatic Cure" succeeded in
30 out of each 40 cases. Then I decided
it was safe to supply It on a month's
trial, at my risk, to Rheumatic sufferers
everywhere.
If it fails, the treatment and six bot-
tles of Dr. Shoop's Rheumatic Cure co3t
you not a farthing, and I bear the whole
cost myself without question.
If it succe^dfe. the cost to you is but
$5.50. This Is no mere sample proposi-
tion, but a practical guarantee of suc-
cess or no pay. Write me to-day — before
you forget it— for my free Treatise on
Rheumatism.
Addrr-ss Dr. Shoop. box 2630. Racine.
Wis. Simple cases often yield to one
bottle of Dr. Shoop's Rh»umatio Cure.
(Druggists' $1.) But all druggists do
not supply it on a month's trial. You
must write to me for that.
"}' : i.~:',';"- :: ' ' ' y t ;-'¦¦" I .".";¦¦¦ -'.'¦' V ' ADVERTISEMENTS. , - r£ ' 4
.V" r .' ' • '¦". "... i'.. ; ; ¦'"¦"¦' ! ---'¦¦¦¦'
¦¦¦""^ """¦^¦""""•"¦"~™™"" i>— """
¦; : 3L It's the Yonn|: Fellows ffL^ : :
Who Wear College Styles; J|||§ ||
W^ ' Ttey have a superb effect -and; impart- that ''.-,
athletic air so desirable in young men's clothes. Kl^
Jiff/ ''¦'] I : i'f; Wi <£ They're tailored to perfection— individual- • fe^ * v""V r % *
fepf ;. ;J»|; Aj;|M ity paramount— built to please young JP^vV. ' ' ' ¦¦% "~i
P : l !• : |TWrif who wish distinction in style : : ;',.: ;.::¦• :<.-: IUfe'^->*?!!^l
W'i -I mllssii ¦ "''¦''G. Both single and : double breasted,' iti \ fancy. '[J^]S0X' '''$9
\\\ I lm :; ml ."-Cheviots,' Homespuns, Worsteds---new and f/ *'M^1 * "'-T . : * >/
li-n ¦ I .ffiv ; ffif stunning effects for Spring and Summer : : // . SM jPolice Seed Printer.
Chief of Police Wittman petitioned
the Board of Supervisors yesterday to
make a provision for a printer in the
Police Department at a salary of $100
her month. Wittman says a printer
jk tiec-essary . because a daily bulletin
of orders, etc., is issued to each patrol
man.
Ix>cal Poet Gives Lecture,
Charles. Kepler gave a lecture yes
terday afternoon in Western Hall.
.Shiels building. 32 O'Parrell street,
under the auspices of Mrs. Louise
Humphrey Smith's classes in dra
matic art. His subject was "A Cali
fornia School of Poetry-** The lec
ture was well attended.
SPRINGFIELD, > 111.. April 12.— Rsv. Dr.
George McClellan Flske of Providence. R. I.,
was to-dSy elected Bishop Coadjutor of Spring
field diocese of the Episcopal church.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Government Issues Orders for Postal
and Army Changes and Grants
-.. Many Patents.
WASHINGTON, April 12.— The fol
lowing postofflce change is announced:
Fourth class postofflce: California—
Burney, Shasta County, Albert W. Gale,
vice Timothy Desmond, resigned.
L. Cassidy & Sen of New York have
been awarded the contract for light
ing fixtures of the San Francisco post
office for $23,843. j
War Department orders: As soon as
the services of .Sergeant Kennetti^G.
Kincaid, Hospital Corps, Government
transport Sumner, New York harbcr,
are no* longer required aboard the vesx,
sel he will proceed to the Presidio, San
Francisco. Private Clarence A. Ma
lone. Company M, Tenth Infantry, Pre
sidio, transferred to Company B, Thir
teenth Infantry, and sent to the sta
tion of that company at F'ort McDow
ell. ;. :
/Patents issued: Jesse Alexander, as
signoif one-half to A. Letts, Los An
geles, -typewriting; machine ribbon
movement; Charles Ashley, San Fran
cisco, folding pedestal; John E. Berg
land,; San Francisco, musical instru
ment; Albert^ Boschke, San Francisco,
dredge; Rudolph ,pcsshard, Los An
geles, . street advertising indicator; Ed
ward G. Buiiand. Watsonville, - adjust
able canopy ; Charles A. Conger, Oak
land.'shoe lace fastener; James M. Don
ahue, Santa Rosa,' superheater for oil
burners;'' Hugh W. Fellows, assignor
one-half ; to H. Coggswell, Los Angeles,
automatic ; feed for steam. boilers; Rob
ert- H. : Ferguson.^.Los , Angeles, , spirit
level; Roger "B.,^Friend, Oakland, as
signor to Interlock Paper, Company,
San Francisco, machine : for handling
material ; /Jacob * Hanna and ; C.'S.^Gil
man,. Riverside," electric . safety "system
for \ railways ; Christian '¦'[ Heilrath / and
S." M.-Taber, ¦ Sacramento, checkbook;
Stephen; C. Houghton,' . Sari Francisce,
tip. on -terminal for electric -. wires; La-;
jos 'and "MrKovacs, San ' Francisco,
pick and point ;^ Annie ;M. Lane, Lake
side, plant; protector; William A. Mer
rill, San stampmill; Rich
ard D. '*• Noble, Sausalitoi . assignor one
half to T. Il HI11.\ San-Francisco, riiu-'
sic stand; /Allen R., Partridge,. assignor,
one-half to r. W.\; Page, San ;Fran
cisco"- (three), "smelting , "ore, smelting
furnace a nd^hea rt for smelting furnace ;
Alfbnse Roumiguire, assignor one-Half
to \ R. - Hickmott, ; San Francisco.H arti
choke jtrimmers; Peter V. Schaudony."
Sacramento, , two . "draughty ,'equaK
ize'r; : Lawrence L.", Stevens, : .'Los
Angeles, combined potato sllcer
and .grater; Arthur P. Tatterson.
assignor one-half to G. W. Tatterson,
Stockton, forking, elevating and con
veying machine; Charles R. Twitchell,
Dayton Heights, assignor to Brown
Winstanley Manufacturing Company,
Los Angeles, motor vehicles; George
E. Woodbury, San Francisco, ore con- '
centrator.
Washington— John Bryden, Colfax,
picture hanging device; Charles M.
Carter, S.ultana, concentrating sluice ,
box; James A. Long, Spokane, sash
fastener: Nathaniel B. Stone, Outlook,
hair curler; Rose L. Valley, Seattle, ,
camp chimney.
Oregon— Robert H. Tate. Portland,
support for bicycle handle-bars.
Policeman Hall Resigns.
OAKLAND, April 12. — Policeman
A. J. Hall filed his resignation from
the department to-day in accordance
with a request from the Board of Po
lice and Fire Commissioners.
Japanese Raise the Variajj.
NEW YORK, April 12.— Reports have
been received from Chemulpo, says a
World dispatch from Kobe,' Japan, that
engineers have raised the Russian
cruiser Variag. It is expected tliat the
salvage of this vessel will more than
offset the cost of the' merchantmen
sunk in the attempts to block Port
Arthur, Which is estimated so far at
$625,000.
that they will leave for the front in a
few days. The American attaches are
Colonel E. H. Crowder of the general
staff and Captain P. C. Marsh of
the artillery corps. The British at
taches are Lieutenant General Ian
Hamilton, Colonel Hume, Captain Jar
dine, and Captain Vincent. The Ger
man reoresentatjve' is Major von Etzel
and the French attache is Colonel Cor
visart. - i
FIGHTING ON THE YALU.
Belief in Tokio That the 'Armies Are
in Combat.
TOKIO, April 12.— It is believed here
that fighting has commenced on the
Yalu River. It is known that the Rus
sians occupy the right bank of the
river in force. c > '?¦
Xo direct information from the Yalu
district has been received here, but the
position of the Russians is known, and
while it is doubted that they will be
able to prevent the Japanese crossing
the river, that they will offer some op
position is v regarded as certain. It is
not believed, however, that there will
be any serious engagement during the
Japanese operations to cross the Yalu.
The foreign military observers at
tached to the first Japanese army have
been directed to hold themselves in
readiness to move, and it is expected
Storm Sweeps Vladivostok.
VLADIVOSTOK. April 12.—Vladivos
tok and the surrounding country have
been swept by a heavy storm," which
crippled the telegraph lines and de
stroyed buildings. The telegraph lines
have been repaired. Easter was gayly
celebrated here. Instead of eggs the
citizen's exchanged pieces of shells
fired during the bombardment. The
commandant has ordered military mu
sic every evening. There are daily
performances at the theater.
Oakland OfficeSan Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. April 12.
Articles of incorporation were filed
with the County Clerk to-day for the
Realty Bonds ar^d Finance Company,
which has been organized in this city
for the extensive handling of local and
suburban real estate. The corpora
tion is capitalized at $1,000,000, with
$100,000 paid up stock, which is held
by the following well known business
men of this city:
Henry A. Butters, John A. Britton,
A. L. Scott, Anson S. Blake. Frank M.
Wilson. B. C. Soule, William Moller,
F. J. Woodward and W. R. Davis.
In addition to the handling of real
estate, the Realty Bonds and Finance
Company will engage in contracting
and building. The officers of the com
pany have not been elected.
The commodious building of the
Yuung Men's Christian Association
was open to visitors last night, the
occasion being the opening of the
H>riri£ term of the extensive educa
tional department. .
A large number took advantage of
the occasion to inspect the practical
work being done ia this department
for young men and working boys. Le
Roy Eurns Smith, B. A., a graduate
of Cornell University, who is the popu
lar and successful educational director,
presided in the auditorium. An illus
trated address was given by the gen
pral secretary. H- J- McCoy, who chose
kr his subject "The Value in a Man."
.Mr. McCoy gave some exceedingly in
teresting figures regarding the educa
tion of young men and boys, stating
that less than fifteen per cent finished
the grammar grades, only five per
cent succeeded in getting through the
high school and only about one in
two thousand completed a college edu
cation. «
His address was Illustrated by means
cf the stereopticon and he threw upon
the screen many views of the depart
ments of association work, which made
the address exceedingly practical and
interesting. The educational work has
developed very rapidly under the di
rection of Mr. Smith, and the school
for boys has become so popular and
effective that it is overcrowded and
twenty-five boys are now on the wait
ing list. In response to an increasing
demand, a department for preparing
young men for college and university
has been established with B. F. Ames,
B. A., a gradate of Yale University,
instructor. Mr. Ames will give
special attention to private tutoring.
Nearly thirty Instructors are employ
ed in the night and day schools and
the work Is of a high grade. They take
young men who are foreigners and
cannot speak a word of English and
instruction is given from this point to
college preparation.
The evening law school of the asso
ciation has been successful and has
about completed its third year of th«
four-year course. The association
school is certainlr one of the most
practical lines of educational effort in
our city, and its work is recognized
by more than 115 universities and tol
lcges in the country.
The following are some of the
branches taught: Algebra, arithmetic,
assaying, bookkeeping, business law,
< hemistry. grammar, freehand draw
ing, geometry, steam engineering, nav
al architecture, penmanship, stenog
raphy, typewriting, structural draw
ing, spelling, etc. New'students may
«^nter at anytime, and it is expected
large number will take advantage
<f the spring term which opened last
night. The growth of the educational
work ke*»ps pace with all other
branches of this large and diversified
work. One of the great needs of the
work to-day is endowment, particular
ly, in connection with the school for
employed boys.
Its Purpose Is to Handle
Oakland and Suburban
Real Estate on Large Scale
V. II. C. A. School Prepares
stmleiits for Life Work
and Higlier Education
REALTY BONDING
COMPANY STARTS
NIGHT STUDY
BUILDS MEN
SKIRMISHES OX FRONTIER.
Main Body of Japanese Is in Neigh
borhood of Wiju.
SEOUL, Korea, Monday, April 11.—
The Japanese authorities here say there
have been frequent skirmishes between
Sakju and Wiju. The main body of the
first Japanese army Is in the neighbor
hood'of Wiju.
About 600 flat chested, sandal shod
Korean infantrymen left Seoul to-day
'for the northern part of Hamhiiing
Province, on the frontier of the Kirin
district of Manchuria, to keep in or
der the bandits who ' are constantly
embroiled with the Chinese settlers in
the Tumen region, which has resulted
in diplomatic representations on the
subject from China. It is considered
doubtful whether these troops- will
reach their . destination, as fears are
being that they will desert.
I The Japanese Minister has requested
the Korean Government to facilitate
the plans of General Haraguchi, • the
commander of the Japanese forces at
Seoul! for the thorough sanitation | of
Seoul and the other large towns of Ko
rea, so as not to expose tne Japanese
troops to the ravages of cholera and
ether diseases.
QUIET AT .PORT ARTHUR.
Makaroff's Battleships and Torpedo-
Boats Cruise Out to Sea.
PORT ARTHUR. Monday, April" 11.—
Telegraphic communications have been
interrupted recently owing to the torren
tial rains. The raHroad embankments
in South Manchuria have been dam
aged, thus delaying^ the movements of
troops. >The embankment of the rail
road running to Shanhaikwan is sub
merged at several points.
A squadron of battleships and tor
pedo-boats has just returned here from
a cruise far out to. sea.
Easter passed without the expected
Japanese attack.' Every, precaution
was taken to prevent a surprise. Jfice
Admiral Makaroff, who personally su
pervised nightly the precautionary
measures, spent Easter eve in a guard
boat. During the usual Easter- night
service the church' windows were cov
ered so as to prevent the lights being
seen by the enemy, and the absence of
all illumination in the town was a con
stant reminder to the" inhabitants of
the possibility of an attack.. The troops
celebrated . Easter Sunday at . their
posts. ¦ ¦ *¦?. <:
British Gunboat Espiegle Is Given an
&tr-s .Official Farewell.
DEPARTS FOR XEWCHWAXG.
. NEWCHWANG, April 12.— Prior to
the departure of the British gunboat
Espiegle, which has been stationed
here; during the past winter, at 1
o'clock to-day. Civil ' Administrator
Grosse visited the warship officially.
After this visit the civil administrator,
in company with the Russian local au
thorities, waited on the esplanade
along the water front while the gun
boat steamed past on her way down
the river.
This official ceremony was In recog
nition of the cordial and pleasant re
lations which have existed between the
officers of, the Espiegle and the Russian
authorities during the stay of the Brit
ish gunboat at Newchwang. The de
tention of the Espiegle after the time
originally set for her departure is un
derstood to* indicate the unqualified ac
ceptance by Great Britain of the es
tablishment by the Russians of martial
law at Newchwang, her" agreement to
the plan for the protection of British
Interests here during the war, and the
final restoration of treaty rights. .. .'".-:.
The departure of the Espiegle re
moves a cause of embarrassment, to the
Russian authorities, and enables- them
to put into execution a system of mar
tial law consistent. with the demands
of the situation. She. was the last for
eign warship at Newchwang, the Unit
ed States gunboat Helena having left
here ten days ago.
" The last of the merchant. steamships
left Newchwang to-day, and the ship
ping companies have notified their
agents to send no more vessels here;
consequently it is expected that hence
forth commerce will be practically at a
standstill.
The streets of Newchwang are no
longer lighted at night, and the move
ments of boats on the river at night is
prohibited.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 12.— The
Emperor has received a telegram re
porting that all is quiet at Port.Ar
thur; that the naval squadron is again
putting out to sea, and that Vice Ad
miral Makaroff has sent a few torpedo
boat destroyers to explore the coasts,
where some of the enemy's torpedo-,
boats are believed to be lurking."
Circassians are volunteering in large
numbers for service in the Far East.
About 12,000 have been enrolled in the
Kouban district, each man paying for
his own horse and equipment.
The Government has agreed, in re
sponse to the representations of the
United States authorities, to show as
much consideration as possible to the
two Japanese taken by the Russians
from the American newspaper corre
spondents' steamship at Newchwang
and who are held under suspicion of
being spies.
In accordance with his annual cus
tom, the Emperor this afternoon re
viewed the Empress Horse Guards,- the
crack cavalry regiment of the empire,
in their riding school on the Horse
Guard boulevard, the occasion being
the feast erf- the regiment's patron
saint. Before an embowered stand oc
cupied by the imperial party, including
the Empress and the highest ladies of
the court, the Emperor, in the Guards
uniform, reviewed the splendid looking
troopers in white tunics and burnished
cuirasses and helmets.
Those present remarked that the Em
peror did not look as ' well as usual.
His voice, when he congratulated the
regiment, lacked its accustomed ring.
The review concluded with the pictu
resque ceremony of saluting the colors,
which occurred outside in full view of
thousands of spectators. The troopers
then proceeded to the refectory, where
the Emperor tasted their soup, drank
their health and distributed a* gratuity
of $1 50 to the non-commissioned offi
cers and 50 cents to the troopers. Later
the colonel and other officers of the
regiment were banqueted in the" Win
ter Palace.
Detachments of each of the guard
regiments yesterday at the Winter Pal
ace conveyed Easter greetings to. the
Emperor and Empress. The Emperor
kissed each of the guardsmen thrice,
the Empress giving her hand to be
kissed and presenting each guardsmen
with a decorated china egg. The serv
ants of the palace were similarly hon
ored. : ;"\
ST. PETERSBURG, April 12. — Gen- I
eral Kuropatkin. in a dispatch to the
1-mperor bearing to-day's date, says
that General Krasma.lir.ski, on the
right of April 8, ordered a detachment
of sharpshooters to cross to the left
bank of the Yalu opposite Wiju. The
sharpshooters landed on the island of
Samallnd and surprised a patrol of
fifty Japanese scouts tis the latter, in
three boats, were approaching the cast
tide of the island. The Russians al
lowed the Japanese to land and then
tired upon them. Nearly all of the
Japanese were shot, bayoneted or
drowned and their boats were sunk.
The Russians sustained no losses.
On the following day the Japanese
lowered their flag at Wiju ami their
outposts, which lately have bee^ seen,
fell back.
On the night of April 9 four Rus
sians crossed the Yalu to Yongampho
und made toward a Russian village,
where they found a squadron of Jan
j:n*»«3e cavalry. They remained there
twelve hour?;, when they were be
trayed by Koreans and found them
selves obliged to swim the river, their
boat having struck on a sandbar. One
soldier lost his life. The Japanese pur
sued the Russians in a boat, but were
in turn attacked by a Russian boat
which had come to the rescue of the
FYvimmers. All of the Jipnnese were
killed and their boat was sunk.
General Kuropatkin's report to the
Emperor of the annihilation of Japa
rcso detachments on the Yalu River
creates general satisfaction in official
circles. Again, in th«» view of the of
ficials, a Russian soldier has proved
his Fupcriorfty in strategy and in the
manner of attack, which left no chance
for a single enemy to escape.
• One feature of the message which la
not pleasing to the authorities is the
action of the Koreans in revealing to
the Japanese the presence of the Rus
sians at Yongampho. The belief pre
vails that the Koreans are not so un
friendly to the Japanese as has been
announced. Incidents such as that at
"Yongampho indicate that the view
held.of the Korean attitude is a mis
taken one.
According to telegraphic advices re
ceived by the Novosti from its corre
spondent at Liaoyang a bombardment
of Port Arthur and a fight on the Yalu
are expected momentarily.
TOKIO, April 13.— Details of the first
skirmish on the Yalu River, which oc
curred last Sunday, arrived .to-day in
the official report of Admiral Hosoga.
The text of the report follows:
"In accordance with my Instructions,
the captain of the cruiser Kasaga di
rected Lieutenant Yamaguchi with five
men to scout in the mouth of the Yalu.
They accomplished their work and
safely returned to the Kasaga on Mon
day. They entered the river in a Ko
rean junk, and at 2 o'clock Sunday
discovered a party of Russians leav
ing the right bank of the river near
Toagtoi yuhe in a junk.
"Lieutenant Yamaguchi attacked
them, a patrol of mounted Japanese
troops on the left bank of the river
joining in. the attack. In the meantime
another large Russian junk joined the
first one and opened fire on the Japan
ese. The Russians retired and reached
the bank. They then fled inland. The
exchange of fire lasted an hour and
twenty minutes. The enemy had one
killed and two wounded. We had no
casualties. Four hundred empty car
tridges were found in the Russian
junk. We believe the Russians were a
cavalry patrol watching the river."
Torpedo-Boats of En
emy Are Lurking
Along Coast.
Led Into a Trap bp Sharpshooteps Stationed
on an Island in the Yalu River.
PARTY OF FIFTY BROWN MEN
ANNIHILATED BY THE ENEMY
Port Arthur Fleet Goes
Out for Recon-
noissances.
NEWCHWANG GARRISON'S ERROR
CAUSES THIRTY -EIGHT DEATHS
Hea n Casualty List Results From Mistak
ing Pilot Boat for Japanese Craft.
LONDON, April 13.— The , Times'
Newchwang correspondent, cabling un
der date^ of April 11, says:
¦ "Last nisht a pilot's flare was mis
taken for the lights of a Japanese
fleet and the Russians fired and sank
the junk with thirty-five hands, be
sides killing three persons and wound
ing seven in another ju^k. The native
population . is panic stricken and is
leaving the town."
PARIS; April 13.— The correspondent
of the Echo de Paris at St." Petersburg
says that Madame Pourep .of Riga,
who was recently, enrolled in the -.First
Regiment of .riflemen by order of i the
War, Minister, will; start for the front
this /week.
The Echo de Paris' St. Petersburg
correspondent says that the German
steamship, : Kaiser .Wilhelm, has ar
rived at' Libau, Russia', and will be're r
christened Nijnl. •
JAPANESE SCOUTS AMBUSHED BY RUSSIANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU WEDNESDAY. --APRIL' 13, 1904.
3
' NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A CLEANLY AGE.
Twentieth Century Ideas Incline Toward
Sanitation and Preventives.
Nowadays scientists believe- that in
(.i^r^jr^ow lies 'the secret of prevention
of diseases. " '
1o prevent a disease, remove the cause.
Just as unclean habits breed many dis-
eases, so careless habits will breed-dan-
druff. Improper use of another's brushes,
combs, etc.. will surely cause dandruff,
and. in time, will just as surely cause
baldness. PBQRW99I
It's microbic infection, nothing more -
nor less.
Newbro's > Herpicide kills the ' dandrufl
germ and causes the hair to grow luxuri-
antly. Herpicide is absolutely free from
grease or other injurious substances.
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c ic
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co^
Detroit. Mich. -
C^STQRIA
£ or>Infant8 and CMLdreiL : : *"*
;rii8 Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the srf S/fa+J? .
> Signature of LfLaS-fY. J<z/c4U&i
What two .words mean mos
to v your ;grocer?Vandi what d«
'.:- Schilling's, /Best; and the]
mean ; a good deal of busines;
without any trouble. Jt ;
ADVERTISEMENTS^
Jj|i A Light, Weight, Spring Suit
0M, o ; •^->^^^ y ou ever seriously 'consider whether or not you
fe^^teiRl^pl Your purse determines whether you are. paying too
There is one-thing sure: If you are not having us make
gf|kf§\ - '^^^^^^^WL y° ur c l°th es y ou are paying more than you need to.
Other tailors buy their cloth from jobbers. The jobber
We buy our cloth direct from the mills and are the only
R^^^^^^vll^^P tailors- in San Francisco that do not buy from jobbers and _
We save you from $>.00 to $10.00 on a suit. .
X tf e evidence is not in the garments you don't need
• :^^^^^^§^ \ We will make you a good fitting /light weight spring. ¦
\ suit for $10.00. If will be cut up-to-date from a pattern
,W^MS^^^^ We will agree t6 refund your money if the. suit is not
rSis^MpH? ' f as good as any SI >.D0 suit, you ever purchased' from any
other tailor. And you are the judge and jury.
JljpgSr ifiiplt Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town customers.
I>B. KILMEB'S, SWAMP-BOOT.
THOUSANDS HAVE KIDNEY >
TROUBLE M DON'T KNOW IT
s JslllJilllilif !i!y ul rr" ;
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great .Kidney Remedy,
will do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
" Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness
and suffering than any^bthcr disease— therefore, when, through
neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue,
fatal results are sure to follow.
Your other organs may need attention — but your kidneys most*
because they do most. and need attention first.
If you are sick or •?feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys begin to get better they will h:lp all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince anyone.
The mild and immediate effect of brickdust or sediment in the urine.
Swamp-Root, the great kidney and headache, backache, lame back, dizzi-
bladder remedy, is soon realized. It ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, heart
stands the highest for its wonderful disturbance due to bad kidnev trouble,
cures of the most distressing cases, skin eruptions from bad blood. neural-
Swamp-Root will set your whole* sys- gia, rheumatism, diabetes, bloatinsr. ir-
tem right, and the best, proof^ of this ritability, worn-out feelinsr. lack of am-,
is a trial. bition, loss of flesh, sallow complexion.
83 cottage ST.. melrose. mass. or. Blight's disease.
Dear Sir: Jan. 11th, 1904. Tf vnn - , V nfpr when illnwed to re-
••Ever since I was In the army I had more • \ ! V OU» water, wnen auowea V> re-
or less kidney trouble, and within the past main undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
year it became so Severe and complicated that twenty-four hours, forms a sediment or
I suffered everything and was much alarmed— YT,. J «_ \ .a .~._~.._ ;?
my strength and power was fast leaving me. Settling or has a ClOUdy appearance. It
I «aw an advertisement of Swamn-Root and J s evidence that your kidneys and
wrote asking for advice. I began the use of ». jj _ „„„ j :_,_,Jjj:.». .tt.nti/M*
the mtdictne and noted a decided improvement bladder need immediate attention,
after taking Swamp-Root only a short time. Swamp-Root is the great discovery of
I continued Its us* and am thankful to ray r>. tr:!^.- iUm . m ; n , n t v; An~v *nA
that I am entirely cured and strong. In order Dr - KJimer, the eminent kidney ana
to be. very sure about this, i had a doctor ex- bladder specialist Hospitals use it
•mine «ome of my water to-day, and Ae pro- ...; t t, ,,. n Jj*rfi,\ c , ln -«c in Vintfi «lit»ht
nounced It all ri K ht and in splendid condition. Wltn WOnderlUl success in DOtn Slicni
i know-«hat,your Swamp-Root is purely veg- and severe cases. Doctors recommend
i% b Ji 0^ ia co^t^^i u t°; he !i-. p ati t nts and ° se u in th ? ir
ery and recommending Swamp-Rcot to all *uf- Own families, because tnev recognize.
,feren..i am/; Very u-ujv gjg*^ ¦ in Swamp-Root the greatest and most
You may have a sample bottle of this Swamp-Root fls pleasant to take and
famous kidney remedy, Swamp-Root, is for sale at drug stores the world
sent. free by mail, post-paid, by which over in bottles of two sizes and two
you may test its virtues for such dis- prices— fifty cents and one dollar. Re-
orders as kidney, bladder and uric acid member the name, Swamp-Root. Dr.
diseases, poor digestion, Jjeing obliged Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the ad-
to pass your water frequently night and dress Binghamton, N. Y., on cverj"
day, smarting or irritation in passing, bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTE.— So successful is Swamp^Root in promptly,
curing even the; most distressing 'cases of kidnev. liver or bladder trou-
bles, that to' prove its wonderful merits you may.have a sample bottle
and a book of valuable information, both sent absolutely free by mail. The '
book contains many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial let-
ters received from men and women cured. The value and success of
Swamp-Root is so well known that o-.: readers are advised to send for a
sample bottle. In sending vour address to Dr. Kilmer &*Co.. Binsrham-
ton, N. _Y., be sure to say vou read this generous offer in the San Fran-
cisco Daily Call. The proprietor of this paper guarantees the genuineness
of this offer. - ' 'George S. I - , man, money order clerk
of Station K •postofflce, has resigned
and ruduls Debrow has, been I appointed
a : distributing ? clerk. .* : Salaries ~ of the
following have been Increased:" Walter
J. Thompson. $600 to . $700; James s W.
Warford, $700-.to. $800; Albertrc. Pait
$900 to $1200. - . \ ---1_£.
Changes in Postofflcc
The annual election of officers for
the California Camera Club was held
last evening and resulted in the choice
of the following, all of whom except
the librarian were re-elected: Presi
dent, A. L. Coombs; first vice presi
dent. H. B. Hosmer;, second vice pres
ident. J. R. Gwynn:" secretary, \V7 E.
Palmer: treasurer, J. J. LermenJ*cor
responding secretary, C. A. Goe; li
brarian, O. Knight .White; directors,"
F. C. Ranges, 11. L. Byrne, E. G. Klsen.
Camera Club Elects Officers.
The lone, and Eastern Railroad
Company was Incorporated yesterday
w*lth a, capital stock of $1,000,000, of
which $14,000 is subscribed/ The pur
pose of the company is to build a road
fourteen miles in length from lone to
a point. on.Sutter-.Creek. The -direc
tors and the amdunt of stock they
have subscribed are Jackson Dennis,
$3500; Wllford- Dennis,. $2500;,. J. J.
Fagan, $1000; William Pardy, $1000;
JR. E. Wallace.: $2500; H. H. "Ferns,
$2500," and S.C. : ScheelIne,7$l000;
New llallrond Incorporated.
The wife of H. T. Walker, a waiter
formerly employed In a Geary street
restaurant, has reported to the police
that he has been missing since last
Saturday and she Is afraid he has met
with foul play. According to her story,
her husband was last seen by her at
10 o'clock on the* morning of Saturday
at their home, 606 Leavenworth street.
He then had $200 on his person. Mrs.
Walker says their home has been a
happy one during their eight years of
married'Ilfe and that her husband has
never before during that time absented
himself over night.
Missing Since Saturday.
An old mamentered the olflce of thp
California Safe ' Deposit - and '-' Trust
Company, California and Montgomery
rtreets, about the noon hou:/ yester
day and demanded something to *»at
oi* money with which to_ buy food. *He
was told that he had called at the
wrong place and was ordered out. >
The mendicant coolly walked Out,
picked up a rock from the street and
deliberately threw it through one of
the. plate glass windows, a crowd
qiickly gathered and the man. start
e<I to run away. Policeman- T. P.
Walsh' soon overtook him and charged
him at the City Prison with malicious
nib chief.
' ~At the prison he gave the name of
William Cox and his age. ;UG«. years.
Ht-. said he was a machinist by. trade;
that he - came here* about"' eighteen
months ago from Philadelphia, but
could find no .Work and his money was
exhausted.
William Cox, un Aged Mcmiirunt,
• Flared .Under Arrest on a Charge
of Malicious Mischief. :
THROWS KOCK THROUGH : *
PLATE GLASS WINDOW
apparent reason
Joseph T. McEvoy was arrested on
a warrant last night by Detective Rosa
Whitaker. McEvoy Is accused by
Otto F. Huber of embezzling the sum
of $150 from him a few weeks ago.
Arrested for Embezzlement.
OAKLAND, April 12.— Benjamin
Broseaughs, 67 years of age, was ar
rested this evening for insanity. He
tried to set fire to the Standard Soap
Works at West Berkeley without any
,v; "The question \ is i not J a local '* one!'-"
said, N Eddy.i"hotwithstahdihg that? the
Fourth Congressional /District^ is : with
in" the* limits. of this city," and- it-; was
With much oratory the contending
factions of the Republican party in the
Fourth Congressional District occupied
the attention of the- Election Commis
sion last night, and the battle will be
continued this afternoon at 4 o'clock.
Following the reading of certified
copies of the rival petitions filed with
the Secretary of State, Maurice L. Ash
er. representing the Riordan commit
tee, addressed -.the^ board: He said that
as another petition had been filed , he
was prepared to demonstrate that thoie
whom he represented were the only
regularly constituted body, empowered
to name delegates for a convention in
the Fourth. Congressional District. He
quoted from' the Sunreme Court deci
sion in the H4th .California Reports,
McDonald versus Hiriton. v Mr. Asher
then dwelt upon the fact that he .was
a delegate to the. State convention at
Sacramento and that , the same dele
gates represented v the Fourth^ Con
gressional District. The subsequent
meetings, were then gone Into by the
speaker, and mention was made of that
memorable meeting . at Golden Gate
Hall In 1902, when there was so much
commotion caused -by the' opposition
that an adjournment . became neces
sary before the " transaction of any
business of Importance.
Mr. Asher stated Ithat all of the min
utes of the various meetings would not
be accessible until to-day,, as they: had
been shipped from Paraiso Springs \ by
express; At this juncture he produced
the names of the 'delegates present at
the Golden Gate Hall meeting, and also
the committee of fifteen appointed to
represent . the Fourth *i Congressional
district. Asher declared .that; the min
utes of the meeting' of March . 23, • 1904,
would show that ; the committee lot
which he was the chairman 1 had' power
to file all petitions. • >,; v
Martin Kelly /'declared that it was a
question of law /as jvell '¦ as j fact. '"Col
onel Eddy, in [reply; to/a/"queslion, ; said
that for the* purpose : of expediting j the
hearing hfe ': wouldvbe twilling* to ! admit
that Messrs,; Hasklns and Brown, i.who
were present, Jwould' corroborate 'Asher.
Colonel Kddy.v flanked"- by) Lewisl H.
Anderson: chairman," and' Martln ; Kelly,"
secretary: of -, the- oppositlon'i/committee
of the Republican' party" fh-^the Fourth
Congressional /"District;"; presented; his
views. ' He' maintained ' that : the Elec
tion ; Commissioners 'have-no jurisdic
tion, to ; take 'any, action'in .relation i^o
.which committee. Is the genuine one. j
NEW YORK, April 12. — The follow
ing Callfornlans are registered here:
From • San Francisco — J. D. Johnson,
at the, St. Denis; N. W. Marston and
wife, at the Wolcott; J. T. Thompson,
at the Marlborough; J/ Zellerbach; at
the Hotel Imperial; Mrs. F. Levy, at
the Marlborough; A. B. Lewis, at the
Broadway Central.
From Los Angeles — T. H. Oxhnnvat
the Broadway Central.
Oilifonii.uis in New York.
Martin Johnson, director in the Bay
County Commercial Company, main-,
talned that in many cases ten gallons
of cream had to be added to ninety
gallons of unskimmed milk in order
to bring it up to the standard. He fur
ther stated that purer milk is shipped
to this city than to any>other city in
the United States.-
The milkmen on this side of the* bay
favor 3.S0 for four months of the year
and 3.50 per cent for eight months.
They claim that at certain times in
the year It Is impossible, owing. to the
condition of feed, to get 3.50 per cent
butter fat.
The Btard of Health, represented by
Deputy Health Oflieer Louis Levy, and
the Board of Supervisors held a meet
ing with several prominent bay county
ranchers yesterday afternoon for the
purpose of settling upon a standard
quality of milk shipped into this city.
The meeting wa« presided over by
Dr. d'Ancona. This Is the second ef
fort of the Health Department to have
the Supervisors adopt an. amendment
to the present ordinance, making it ob
ligatory that the butter fat In milk
shipped to this city be at least 3.5 per
cent instead of the previous 3.2 per
cent. •-.:•.--•
This City Than Any Other in
I'nltrtl States.
Say That INirvr Article Is Slilpju-d to
DAIRYMEN OIMKCT TO THIS
PROPOSED M11.W STANDARD
DAYTON. Ore.. April 12 —His min<*
unhinged by the sudden change from
cool, moist days to the Intense heaC
of a summer sun, Martin Bower com
mitted suicide by hanging himself at
the Nichols hopyard. about two mile*
from here, early this morning. Bower
was a farmhand.
Weather Change Causes Suicide.
Battle Between Warring Ke-
. publicans for! Control of
i a Congressional District
RIVAL FACTIONS
BEFORE BOARD
The Army and Navy Republican League c£
California indorses the Grand Army resolu
tions passed at the Los Angeles encampment
regarding maintaining canteens at the Sol
diers* homes and asks the rejection of th«
Bell amendment. MARCUS D. HTDE,
Commander In Chief.
Washington. D. C. —
The Army and Navy Republican
League of California, M. D. Hyde,
commander, yesterday sent by wire
the following message to Washington!
SAN FRANCISCO. April 12. 1904. J
To California Delegation. - --V
Care G«orge C. Perkins, U. S. S., Oi
The Bell Amendment.
SAN JOSE, April 12. — Leopold
Hart, one . of the oldest and most
prominent merchants of this city, died
suddenly this morning at his residence
at 40 North Eighth street. Last night
he was taken with severe pains in the
region of his heart and suffered
greatly until 2 o'clock this morning,
when he expired. He was a native of
Alsace-Lorraine, Germany, * and 75
years of age. Deceased had been In
California nearly fifty years. For
twenty years Hart conducted " a dry
goods store in the town of Santa
Clara and twenty-five years ago he re
moved to this city. During his resi
dence here he had conducted the Cor
ner, Cash Store at the corner of Santa
Clara and Market streets. A short
time ago the firm was incorporated as
L. Hart & Son and j^ince then Alex
Hart, his only son, has been managing
the business. . Five grown daughters
also survive him.
Denth Claims Prominent Merchant.
The trial of Lieutenant Frederick B.
NVilson. U. S. A., accused of duplicat
ing his pay accounts, will be contin
ued to-day at 2 p. m. before the court
martial at the Presidio specially con
vened to try hla case.
J. Boas, the money lender, will
again be called to the stand and docu
mentary evidence from Philadelphia
will also be introduced. It is the in
tention of the court if possible to
wtnd up the cast? to-day and come to
h verdict before adjournment. David
Lfft-is. the attorney that came out
trom Philadelphia to act for Lieuten
ant Neilson. has returned, so the case
will b* handled by II. D. Pillsbury.
who has been associated with the de
fense since the trial began.
Captain Robert Field, Fifth Infun
try. und Captain Joseph E. Cusack.
Twelfth Cavalry, reported at head
quarters yesterday. Major Blgelow
and his troopers will give a final prob
lem exercise to-day on the golf links
*t S:30 a. m. It will be an interest
ing event.
Court-Martini to Conclude Taking
KvldeiuT Against Oflieer AcciiMtl
of Duplicating Ills Accounts!.
ui:iTi:\A.\T v. it. xfjlno.vs
TRIAL WILL CLOSE TO-DAY
Upon invitation of the board all of
the Justices of the Peace were on
hand to express their views, on the
proposed^action of placing the office of
Justice on the ballot at the coming
election. Judge Isidore Golden acted
us spokesman and maintained that the
Justices are. a part of the judicial sys
tem of the State and that they were
created the same as superior or su
preme courts by the constitution. "The
Justices do not want to be placed in
the position," said Golden, "of be
ginning /¦affirmative; proceedings to
lengthen their tenure of office."
The matter will be taken under ad
visement until some future meeting.
The bids ofJ. M. Walsh. John Kitch
en, A. Carlisle and William R. Phil
lips for binders and dividers were all
rejected ur>on motion of, Commissioner
Lefflngwell, chairman of the Printing
Committee, upon the ground of being
exorbitant, . ¦ -
the duty of the Secretary of State, if
judicial action- was to be taken, to have
determined which was the proper peti
tion. If Curry failed to do what the
law contemplates it should not be
passed up to this. board for adjudica
tion. This board has no right to reject
one petition and. accept another."
Eddy cited the decision in the case
of Spelling vs. Brown, 122 California
Reports, as an analogous case. : .
Lewis Anderson and Attorney Cogh
lan were also heard. vf ; ??;
there was no outbreak
KANSAS CITY, Mo., April 12.— Roy
Martin, 17 years of age, a member of
the, freshman class of the Kansas City,
Kans., High School, | was shot and
killed at Kerr. Park to-day by a negro
believed to be Louis Gregory. Greg
ory was arrested and taken to the
Wyandotte County, Kans., jail. Ne
gro riflemen guarded the jail to-night,
fearing an attempt at. lynching, but
Kansas City Tragedy May Result in
Lynching and Police Guard the
Prisoner.
SEVEXTKEX-Y11AU OLD s
, BOY KILLED BY A NEGRO
.The ceremony was. performed Jn the
parlors of the bride's^ome. at k o'clock
by B.'\Askev\c!crf ih'e~C^rtstia1?tch > urch
under a bower of evergreens.' ' They
were unattended, and made a picture
that will be a pleasure to the witnesses
to recall. The wedding presents were
rich and numerous and were tokens
from relatives and friends from all sec
tions of the State.
The bride, the only daughter of W.
H. Niemeyer of the Rochdale Company,
is a talented young lady, prominent in
musical circles and in church' work.'
The groom, a nephew of T. H. Thom
as, president of the Farmers' Bank, Is
a promising young business man and
associated with the Stagner hardware
business. >«^- •
. WHEATLAND, April 12.— A fitting
climax to the first week of spring sun
shrine was the wedding of Earl E. Mon
son and Miss Lottie E. Niemeyer. This
young couple was foremost in the so
cial life of Wheatland, and their union
makes a tie which binds together a
very large circle of relatives who will
make well wishes for them. »
Special IMspatch to The Call
OAKLAND, April 12. — Miss Roselle
Emlay, daughter of Louis A. Emlay
and a granddaughter of J. "F. W.
Sohst, a well-known member of the
Merchants' Exchange, died to-day at
East Bay Sanitarium, after an opera
tion for appendicitis. The deceased
was 17 years of age and was a student
at the Polytechnic High School.
Mrs. Eliza W. Kurtz, an old resident
of this city, died yesterday at the age
of -80 years. The deceased was the
mother of L. R. and J. W. Kurtz and
Mrs. Louise Thomas and the grand
mother of Mrs. J. J. Warner and Mrs.
N. K. Dunning.
Mrs. Catherine Rathjen, aged 70
years, died to-day at her home at
Fifth and Jackson streets. Mrs. Rath
jen leaves two sons. She had been a
resident of this city for more than
twenty-five years. ¦
John Wall, a well known and popu
lar race horse man, died to-day at
East Bay Sanitarium after a very
short Illness. The deceased was 50
years of age and was a member of
Oakland Lodge 'of Foresters No. 218.
The funeral. will be held next Thurs
day under the auspices of that lodge.
Favorites ' in Society
in Yuba County
Two men drew straws for a special
I policeman's star at a meeting of the
j Board of Police Commissioners last
j evening. William D. Burns and Joseph
; Sturm sought the name beat — a proflt
; able one — in the commercial section
i of the city. Each had an even ehunce
, when he appeared to plead his cause.
' two Commissioners favoring one and
two favoring the other. Finally one
of the Commissioners suggested that
1 the applicants draw utraws, where
upon, the rivals repaired to the ante
; room with Sergeant John O'Meara.
Sturm got the longest straw and was
given the appointment. Burns slapped
him on the back, congratulated him
and the two passed out smiling.
Patrolman Thomas Naylor was ac
quitted on a charge of being absent
from his beat, but was fined $25 for
being insolent to Corporal Philip
Frayer. his commanding officer.
Patrolmen Clancy and Mylar, who
were found in a saloon in the Park dis
trict tJy Captain Mooney und Sergeant
Helms were each fined $50. Patrolman
Frank L. Kcnvllle, who was found In
toxicuted on his beat by Sergeant
O'Connor, admitted his guilt, but ad
vanced extenuating circumstances and
was nned a nominal amount He was
complimented for his frankness.
Corporal George 8. Eastman was
promoted to the rank of sergeant and
Patrolman William - Calllnan was
raised to the rank of corporal. Arno
Robert Dietel of 12 Day strvet. Joseph
Clifford Field of 667 Ellis street. Wil
liam Edward DowJe of 2008 Union,
street, Bernard Maloney of 323 Grant
avenue. Charles Goff of 1423 Sanchez
street, Harold Walter Levy of 1233
Geary street,' Joseph Harry Gorham
of 31 Sanchez street, Thomas F.
Reagan of 1350 Folsom street and
James II. Kennedy were appointed
members of the department
Applicant* for Profitable Beat V.iul
Dispute by It<*M>rtln{T to ihe Use
of u lirooni.
31 KX DRAW STRAWS
IXm POL1CK STAR
Martin says Pierce wants him to
fco out of his jurisdiction' and rIv*> him
back the stolen goods without an or
der of court.
Charles L. Pierce, agent for the Na
tional Cash Register Company, has
had trouble with Captain of Detectives
Martin and Chief Wittman over hit*
«-fTort to regain jewelry valued at $800
Mint was stolen from his residence. On
January 3 last Piorce's residence in
Oakland was burglarized. The stolen
goods were sold to L. Goodman, a
pawnbroker at 633 Washington street.
a few days later. The police were
notified and Goodman turned over the
Jewelry to Iho police that they might
deliver the same to PK-rce on the pay
ment of |2S, which was the price
Goodman advanced on the jewelry.
Pierce is alleged to have promised
to pay th»» money and tak«» his jewelry,
but he failed to do so. Yesterday he
wanted Cuptaln Martin to return the
Roods to him without any payment.
Martin refused and Pierce now claims
that the jtolice are illegally holding
his property.
Charh** I.. Plerre'Attompt* to Regain
Jewrlrj Thai Was Tnkcn I'rom
111m IlcKidcnro.
WANTS Till: TOLJCE TO
BETCBM KTOI.rX PKOPKitTV
SOCIETY FAVORITES AT WHEAT
• UND WHO WERE MARRIED
THKKE YESTERDAY.
L. T. Hatfield, father of Victor Hat
fleld, former secretary to the Mayor
of Sacramento and a well known law
yer of that city, is at the Occidental.
F. E. Giddlngs and wife registered
ax the Palace yesterday from Grent
Barrington, Mass.
D. If. Smith and J. V. Creighton,
well known *bu8ines». men of. Seattle,
are staying at the Palace."
R. M. Brereton, a capitalist of Port
land, who is interested in mining in
Alaska, is at the Occidental. ' ; ,.1 ; ;
¦ A. W. Strauss, a member of one 'of
the leading commercial firms of Bos
ton, is at the St. Francis.
E. B. Grandine, a wealthy resident
of Washington, and members of " his
family are at the St. Francl3. -r^'|
W. H. Davenport, general agent of
the Colorado Midland road, has been
very ill at his home for a week. •
John Read, a gun manufacturer of
Boston, and his family arrived from
Southern California yesterday and
registered at the St. Francis.
Dr. and Mrs. J. Underwood Hill of
San Jose registered at the St. Fran
cis yesterdaj*.
N\ E. DJttmar, a publisher of ReJ
dlnfc. is at the Grand.
G. E. Babcock of Coronado and wife
are at the St. Francis.
Dr. W. .S. Hoen of the United States
puvy is at the Palace.
Attorney Frank H. Short of Fresno
is staying at the Palace.
W. W. Shannon, State Printer, and
his wife are at the Lick.
J. Craig, proprietor of Highland
Springs, is at the Grand.
Dr. Jind Mrs. J. M. Oxner of Mem
phis are at the Occidental.
.G. E. Barnard, a business man of
Boston, is at the St. Francis.
A. J. Bledsoe, a real estate man »•>*
l.-kiah. 's a guest at the Grand. .
' W. W. Peterson, a candy merchant
of Sacramento, is at the Grand.
Charles Keilus. the well known
clothier, leaves to-day for the East.
Fred A. Hines, a prominent insur
ance man of Los Angeles, is ut the
Palace. ...x
SL G. Skelton, agent for the Gould
lines in Sacramento, is in the city on
business.
Dr. and Mrs. Elmer Stone of Napa
are at Ihe Palace. "'<* f-;:'-
PKKSOXAIj.
Judge Stevens has gone to Gunnison,
where he will hold court for two weeks,
and the Sheriff will await his. return
here at the end of the Gunnison ses
sion, before he takes any steps in the
direction of serving his warrants.
OIJRAY, Colo.. April 12.— No attempt
has yet been made by Adjutant Gen
eral Bell, commanding the military at
Telluride, to have Judge Theron 'Ste
vens of Ouray arrested for his criti
cisms of , Governor Peabody and the
heads of the State military, in connec
tion with the Moyer habeas corpus
case. However, it is reported here that
General Bell in a telephone conversa
tion with a resident of the place gave
it as his intention to take Judge Ste
vens into custody and place him in the
military prison at Telluride if the op
portunity afforded Itself.
Sheriff Corbett of this county will
make no attempt for the present to
serve the warrants at Telluride on Ad
jutant General Bell and Captain Wells,
adjudged yesterday to be guilty of
contempt of court j for disobeying the
habeas corpus order of Judge Stevens
and refusing to bring President Charles
H. Moyer of the Western Federation of
Miners into court. ' : 4
PORTLAND, Ore., April 12. — At the
age of 85 y^ars and owning property
valued at $500,000. William King at
tempted «ulrld> by cutting his throat
?•arly this morning. When he felt the
*harp edge of th« razor biting into
his flesh be involuntarily threw back
his hrad so that but a gash wan made.
Lh« flow of blood was stopped and the
old man is resting easily in a hospital.
King Is one of the old pioneors of
Portland. He has been living at hits
present home for many years. For
th* pa»t six years he has been feeble,
but not until six months did he ever
menlon he thought of seld-destruo
tion. Six months ago he was con
fined to his bed and at that tiro** he
refused to eat anything with ihe hope
that. he would starve to death.
This morning he 1 was trying to split
«nd saw up iwmc wood in front of the
house. 11<* became angry because he
could not wvrk faster. He rushed into
the hous»». grabbed the razor and had
clashed his throat bvfore any one
<oul<l stop him.
6perl«l DJ«j>«tch to The Call
About 6 o'clock this evening McGeo
ghegan was arrested by Deputy Sheriff
Starbird. He was given an opportun
ity to secure bondsmen, Dut up to a
late, hour to-night was tin the custody
of the Sheriff. He said he thought he
would have no trouble securing bail
and expected friends to secure his re
lease at any moment.
It is Just a. month since McGeoghe
gan's defalcation was discovered in the
treasury. Experts found his shortage
to be nearly $9000. For a c couple of
weeks the bond companies who were
on his bond for $100,000 had~ him-con
stantly under the surveillance of a de
tective, but for the last two weeks Mc-
Geoghegan has, had his freedom.
The Grand Jury, which is now in
session, will probably indict McGeo
ghegan. The complaint made to-day is
said to have been sworn to at the in
stance of the bond company's.
SAN JOSE, April 12.— Ex-City Treas
urer T. J. McGeoghegan was arrested
this evening on a charge pf falsifying
the city records in the Treasurer's of
fice. The complaint upon the felony
charge was sworn to before Justice
Wallace by R. T. Fafran, a private
detective. .;-"-:'
, McGeoghegan is charged with ( falsi
fying'the records in relation to' a $50
license collected from ¦ the San. Jose
Railroad Company, which conducts the
First street electric railway. The
Treasurer failed, to account for the $50
in rendering his report to the city. Jus
tice Wallace placed McGeoghegan's bail
at $10.000i
Special Dispatch to The' Call
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL, BUREAU, HOTEL, BARTON,
WASHINGTON. April 12.— Senator Per
kins has inserted in the sundry civil
bill a provision for the appro
priation of five thousand dollars for a
telephone cable from Angel Island to
the Merchants' Exchange.
There will be no appropriation for
the purchase of toll roads in Yosemlte
National Park this year, the amend
ment havinsr been cut out of the sun
dry civil bill. Provision Is mafle in
stead for a commission to be appoint
ed by the Secretary of the Interior to
examine the park to ascertain what
lands may be withdrawn from it and
opened to settlement for minins and
cultivation and also to estimate the
cost of building a free road through the
park, the commission to report to the
next session of Congress.
The Committee on Irrigation of Arid
Lands has decided not to report a bill
for the diversion of the water of thq
Colorado River, which has been pend
ing a long time. Secretary "Hitchcock
and Acting Attorney General Hoyt
have both, in reports filed in answer
to a request of the committee, advised
against it- the river forming a boun
dary line between California and Mexi
co, and the bill providing for the ab
sorption of all its waters for Irrigation,
purposes.
A resolution will be introduced by
Senator Bard requesting President
Roosevelt to have the question fully
inquired into with a view to establish
ing the rights of and protecting private
parties in diverting its waters for Irri
gation purposes.. All parties Interested,
for and against the bill, accept the res
olution as the best alternative. The bill
was introduced to establish the right of^
the California Development Company,
which has built ditches covering a
large area of land In Southern Califor
nia at great expense.
The American Beet Sugar Associa
tion held a largely attended meeting at
the Arlington Hotel to-day and waa
addressed by Secretary of Agriculture
Wilson and the heads of the depart
ments of chemistry and soil and seeds.
The Secretary gave interesting ac
counts of experiments of the depart
ment in the soils of California, and
stated that It was his purpose to go
over every State of the Union thor
oughly, examining and testing the soil,
to discover for what It is best adapted
and. in what it Is deficient, that it may
be supplied by fertilizer.'
Henry Oxnard of California was re
elected president of the association for
the eleventh successive term.
In winning the game the Nisquallys
have come into much^iruperty of the
other tribes and Alexander Soushlt:t, a
Xisqually buck, who came in from the
camp, nays that many of the losers had
scarcely enough blankets left to keep
them warm. They wagered ponies,
dogs, blankets, wearing apparel, coon
skins, firearms and gewgaws of, all
sorts. The gambling wan in a large
shack on the Nlsqualiy Kivrr about
four miles above the Northern Pacific
bridge on the Olympia branch.
The disk was used in gambling. The
manipulator fumbles the disk through
two small piles of cedar bark ground
fine. The Indian npjiosite guesses which
side holds the disk. If correct it counts
a point for his side. They played for
500 points.
TACOMA. Wash., April 12.— After a
week's exciting pport the flrs»t big gam
ble that the Indian tribes in this lo
cality have bad for years came to a
close yesterday. The tribes participat
ing were the Nisquallys, Puyallups,
the Mud bays, the Squaxon Islanders,
the Skokomiwhes and the Indians from
Hoods Canal.
MADERA. April 12.— The second trial
of the suit of J. G. Roberts against
the Fresno Democrat Publishing Com
pany for $75,000 began to-day in the
Superior Court, Judge Fulkerth of
Stanislaus County presiding.
The defendant company was repre
sented by J.-G. Maguire of San Fran
cisco, Verti & Ewing of, Fresno and
(J. J. Ilely of Madera. The plaintiff Is
represented by Ostrander '& Smith of
Fresno and F. A. Fee of Madera.
The work of impaneling a jury was
tedious, as the case is j pretty well
known in the county, and few of the
men examined to-day were found who
could qualify. But ten men were ex
amined and not one juror has yet'been
secured. . It is believed it will take all
day to-morrow to get a jury.
?p*elal Dispatch to The Call. /
Interesting Developments in
the Investigation of For
mer City' Official's Books
Attempt dt Self-Dest ruction
Said to Have Been Prompt
ed by His Failing Health
Committee Will Examine
Reservations to Ascertain
if Lands CaiiBe Withdrawn
Head of State' Militia Pays
No Attention to Warrant
Citing Him for Contempt
Many of the Losers Retain
Scarcely Ehouglr Blankets
to Keep Them Warm
Second Trial of^ a, Suit
Against Newspaper Prom
ises to Take Some Time
ASK FURTHER INQUIRY
THUS TELLS A FRIEND
FAILS IN HIS EFFORTS
BONDSMEN ARE LACKING
X1SQUALLYS WINNERS
McGeoghegan of San Jose
Arrested on a Charge of
¦ Falsifying City Becords
Adjutant General Bell of
Colorado Will Send Jurist
to the Military Prison
TEN MEN ARE EXAMINED
Impanel nient of a Jury
at iladerav Is Fruitless
of the Desired Result
Oregon Pioneer, Worth Half
a Million Dollars, Slashes
His Throat With a Hazor
Appropriation Xot Allowed
for Purchase of Toll High
ways in National Park
Indian Tribes in the North
west Complete Festival
and Exchange Possessions
WEALTHY MAN
TRIES SUICIDE
HOPES TO LAND
JUDGE IN JAIL
SHERIFF HOLDS
EX-TREASURER
YOSEMITE ROAD
BILL DEFEATED
REDS GAMBLE
FOR PROPERTY
CITIZENS SHY
AT QUESTIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. /APRIL 13. 1904.
SPRINGTIME
WEDDING AT
WHEATLAND
THE DAY'S DEAD.
4
Conservative Life
• , ; RECORD FOR NEW BUSIUIISS WBITTEN IN CAIIPOBNIA IS MAKCH, 19M
WHERE THE BUSINESS COMES FROM
¦ Cea w Wr?sw?eL h ' S F - F*«£ Bennioo, Mgr:. $400^00
Nearly It of a Million "^Sb^^^^^hp-- 177,000
¦,.:'-',:•:¦; : SaC St nt B 0 ul ?r 5 nCh - R - H-Behre^ Ac H e r. .33,000
a : \ —%i? l nL^J i%Gto - Rosiia^ on ' M «' ¦¦¦•¦¦ «w«?
A current production more _ ""ins amiame. . .
thaii double that of any other Broadwaj 'Branch, L. A.. L. W. Smith, Mgt!. . 107,000
•¦•»• •• ¦ : .L J -"- i - '¦!• tJ Corner Third and Broadway. - -' ¦ .
Company in the same tield. nran<st> Rranoh ilt «» •»
¦ V. VV V ra "se Branch, Herron Moore Monohan, Mgr. . 103,720
TheSC ate results achieved by 'Address Home Office. - . *
field men- under direct con- " Fresno Bra nch, E S. Valentine, Mg-f ; V. . r.. v i w> - 77^00
r. tract with the 'tompany; V > lir^ U Jf Bul1^ ' - v I
.rather than workin. for the
agent of a Company/ ~ Market St. Branch. S. F.. H.F. Wri?htM-?r. 40,000
"i > v . • Orgraniied MarcJa 1,- '04— Emma Spreckel* tiuildlns.
I4thSL Branch; Oakland, F;J. Whiting Mgr. 32400
.: Orsranixed March 15. -O4— Delger fiulldlng. . * & y^jw
. y . Total State for March ... X $J,7l? f 760
TWO POINTS ARE PROVED : 1— Our policies are more in demand by the public.
2— They are more readily sold i by the field men.
As insurer or agent you should be interested. Address the Home Office or, the nearest branch.
CTThq^Conservative i News": wlir.be sent, free of charge. 'regularly, to the hous* f'.
.address of anylife'insuranc^man in fields operated by -the company. Address
' y Conservative News. Los Angeles.. ¦ : t f,- :-> \ .- - • ..- !•
JNO. J. FTJLTON CO.
TroyJV??^
_Reports
Sends Word to This City of Three
Recoveries in Brijfht's Disease
and Diabetes Made by the Ful-
ton Compounds.
r- H. WIBERLEY. th* agent of the
**• Fulton Compounds in Troy. N. Y
wrote us that be had ooveral*r<>coveriei!
to report, two of them being connected
with the Troy Pres*. the leading daily of
% that city. We are now in receipt of the
signed statements of three of the parties
- referred to. which we condense as fol-
lows:
John T. Jewell of the "Press" office
wrltea: "My wife suffered for many
years with x-arlous Kidney complaints
and particularly diabetes. She was treat-
ed by physicians and tried many adver-
tised remedies faithfully without benefit
until Fulton's Compound .was recom-
mended. It lias surely removed the
cause of the trouble in this case"
O. McLnu jrh! in Of 2648 Sixth are
Troy: 'Several months apo a relative
(calling on me was surprised to note how
poorly I looked. In answer to his in-
quiry u to the trouble. I told him my
Kidneys were In bad shape. He told mo
of Fulton's Renal Compound. I laughed
lit him. I did not believe In it. He.
however, bought a bottle and I beiran
taking It. The morning following I was
rrattned to note Ie*s pain. I had never
believed up to that time that medicine
would do much good. I continued to take
II and grew gradually well. I now con-
Klder myself cured and have stopped the
treatment.**
James Doherty. TO Jay Rt.. Troy: "My
Kidney trouble was due to a bicycle In-
jury. Medical treatment 'never reached
It till J started on Fulton's Renal Com-
pound. For the benefit of the afflicted I
want to khv It hats almost if not quite
(« u rod nif."
I.Mubwtea, Brlght's Disease and Chronic
Klflney <1l*eaiien arm now curable by the
Pulton Compounds. Send for literature
»«>i»i lint of agents to Jim J. Fulton Co..
«fl| Wanning! mi rt.. San. Francisco. C-om-
t>»''tidK at all nrst-cUns druggists' in
I hi* <M; . ' ¦Late Shipping: Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. April t2.!
Schr Newark, Rclnertscn. 26 hours from Rus
sian Gulch. .
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 3!j hours 'from. Half
moon Bay.
SAILED.
\ Tuesday,,; April ;12/
Stror Rival. Foscn, Bo* ens Landing..-
DOMESTIC PORTS
ABERDEEN— Sailed Apr 12— Schr' Eric, for
San Francisco. '.
. SEATTLE— Sailed Apr> 12— Stmr Portland.
for.Valdez. • : - . • .... ;* .
EASTERN PORTS.
NKW" YORK— Arrived Apr- 11-c-Stmr Segur
anca, from Colon. : -T3&wISH|fi
. . -FOREIGN. PORTS.
.EAST . LONDON— Arrived prior Apr 11—
Nor. bark Abyssinia, from Vancouver. -
"CALETA BUENA— ln port loading Mar 10—
lot on S line of Twenty-second street, 255 W
of Noe. W 25 by N 114; $10. ;
City and County of San Francisco to Richard
Tobln, lot on S line of Twenty-second street,
42:4% i' E of .Shotwell. S 05. E 24:6%, N 03.
»V »4 : » , s : $ •
Patrick and Anne Collins to Giuseppe Arata,
lot on SW corner of Twenty-third and Bryant
streets. W 100 by S 26; $10. •
Louis and Eunice Golder to - Edear D.
Pelxotto. lot on NW corner of Twenty-fourth
and Howard streets, N SO by W 100; $10.
J. J. and tfar.ih D. Byron to Bridget Guerln.
lot on E line of Noe street. 114 N of Twenty
fourth. N 26 by E 68:0 2-3; $10.
VIncenzo and Carmela Barletta to Giovanni
and Angelo Barletta. undivided !i of lot on
W line of Dupont street, 57:6 N of Green.
N 20 by W 58:9: sift.
. Vincenzo Barletta to Carmela Barletta, un
divided Vi of came: $10.
Patrick C. Durfln and N. A. Dorn to West
ern Investment Company. lot on E line of
Powell street.,. S5S of Geary. S 52:6 by. E
77:6: gift.
William- J. Davis to Alexandrina * E. Davis
(¦wife). *lot on SW line of Hawthorne stree*.,
212 SE of Folscm. SE 30 by SW 112:6; $10..'^
: Walter .Honeyman to George Honeyman. . lot
on W line of Texas, street. 123 N of ' Army,
N.25 by W 1C0: cift.
Real Estate and Development Company to
Frederick W. and Alice M. Thlelmeyer. Int
on E line of i Missouri street. 23 N of Nine
teenth. N 25 by E 100: grant.
John and Matilda McOue^n to - Bernhard
Getz, lot- on E line of Twenty-third avenue.
17R N of L street. N 2T, by E 12O; $10.
Philippine Bandit' Must Die.
; MANILA, April 4 1 2.— The r sentence
of .; death' passed upon Faustino ' Guil
lermo, one of the most notorious ban
dits In the islands, who i was captured
by, the constabulary in :Rizal province
last^June,; has been confirmed by; the
Supreme Court. -
Heavy Purchase of Bonds.
NEW YORK, April 12.— Speyer &
Co. of this city and Lee, Higginson &
Co. 'of Boston have purchased from
the American Telephone and Tele
graph Company $20,000,000 5 per cent
three-year gold coupon notes dated
May 1. 1904. These notes are secured
by 525.000,000 4 per cent bonds of the
telephone and telegraph company. •
Revenue Cadets Wanted.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an examination on
April 26. 27 and 28 to secure ellgibles
from which to make • certification to
fill about fifteen vacancies in the posi
tion of cadet in the revenue cutter ser
vice and other similar vacancies as they
may occur. Applicants must be not
less than 18 nor more than 23 years
of age, of vigorous constitution, physi
cally sound and well formed, not less
than 5 feet 3 inches in height, of good
moral chara< er and unmarried. Ap
ply to :.ie United States Civil Service
Commission, Washington, D. C, or to
the United States Civil Service Local
Board of Examiners, 301 Jackson street,
San Francisco, forapplication form 304.
which should be properly executed and
promptly filed with the commission at
Washington.
VICTIM OF A SHOOTING
AFFRAY DIBS OF WOUND
Former California!! Succumbs to In
juries Received In a Fight
in Oklahoma. -
LAWTON. O. T., April 12. — J. TV.
Hawkins, who was shot in a street
fight over politics on April 4 by L. T.
Russell, formerly editor of the Lawton
Democrat, died tb-day. He had been
an officer of the Wells-Fargo Company
with headquarters at Cripple Creek,
Colo., and was at one time in the em
ploy of the Southern Pacific as special
officer in California.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TUESDAY. APRIL. 12,
City and. County of San Francisco to F. A.
Meyer, lot on N line of Eddy street, S3 W of
Larkin. W.52:6, N 120, E 51 :T, S 45, E 0:11, S
75: S . ¦ •¦ ' ¦• - ¦¦¦-' ¦
llarry Larkin to Lizzie A. Larkin, lot on E
line of Gough street, 55:1 N of Filbert, N 25 by
E 110; gift.- .
Henry Lackman to Florine H. Brandensteln
(wife of E.). lot on W line of Franklin stre'et.
87:£%"S of Sacramento, ¦ S 40 by W 100; $10.
Edward Brandensteln to same, same; gift.
Is«aac KUaser to- Isaac Oppenhelmer, lot on
W line of Franklin street, 85 S of O'Farrell, S
27:0 by W 87:«: *10.
.Nellie Phillips et ai. to Edward D. Swift,
lot on N. line of Fulton street, 192:6 W of
GoiiRh. W 27:6 by.N. 120: $10.
'. Char!es and Mabel B. SchlesslnKer to Sidney
Llebes. :lot on NE . corner of Broadway and
Laguna street. E 00 by N 137:6: $10.
.Catherine M. Buncman to A. H. Turner, lot
on NE' corner of Vallejo and Webster streets,
E 60 by.N 130: $10.
- Elizabeth M." J. Packer to James Packer, lot
oa N, :ine of O'Farrell street, 180 E of Stelner;
E 21:3 by N-137:«; sift. _
; 'Adolph-G. Rosenthal to Madeline T. Roseti
thal -lot an W line of Scott street, 125 8 of
Lloyd. 8 25 by W 118:9: gift.- >
Frank L. Palllet to Jeanne Palllet, lot on S
line » of Pine street, ltS2:3 E ; of : Broderiek, E
25:3;by S 137:U: Bltt. .
.Thomas and Mary E.'Vodden to Gertrude E.
Stephens/Dot on E line of Ashbury street, BO
S of Page.iS 25 by E 00: eift.
,- Lavo Newman . to Florence Newman, lot ' on
W line of Belvedere street. 258:0 S of .Waller, S
24:0 bv W; 120; $10.: . : '
John A. and Belle Hoots to Andrew J. Dono
van lot on N line of Waller street. 34:7 "i E of
Shrader. E 50 by N 100; $10.
William . A. and Grace > A. Lance to Samuel
GIasp, lot on S lino of Frederick street. 110
W of Willard, W 53/ S 137 :C, B 27:0. N 37:6.
E 27:0, N 100; $10. -, : ¦
• Frederick S." and Sophia G. (or Sophia) John
son to Emma A. Harrington (wife of ; W.'B.).
lot on N line of Jackson street.*^ 120 W of Pre
sid'.o avenue. W "27 :B by N 127:8 V*: $10.
¦ William ' J.' and 'Mary A. Brady to C. A.
Maydwell. lot on Sline of Washington street.
220 W of Spruce. W 27:6 by S 127:8%: $10.
¦ i James ¦ C. • Jordan to ¦ Margaret • E. . Doyle, lot
on E -lln*"- of Michigan: avenue.- 1U(>:8;N of
Richmond avenue. - N ' 33:4 by E 120; $10. 5 c :
•A P • Hotalins &: Co;"< (corporation) to 'Max
and' Da'vid'.Abrams. lot: on SEline of. Howard
street 125 NSW of : Twelfth, ;. SWi 50 \ by <oE
ia7:«; $10.
-Leon -and 'Bertha G. Sloss to Charles Sikora,
lot,on E line of; Church street. 185 N of Fif
teenth, Ni25 by E 125; $10. r,:j'
' Richard r J. ;. Sweeney to.' Anna E. Sweeney.
STORY OP THE ATTACK [
>v ¦; BY WOOD CONFIRMED
Repulsed, Americans Suffering
Slight Losses.
Forces Under Sultan of Taraca Are
MANILA, April 12. — News has been
received here confirming Major Gen
eral Leonard Wood's official report of
the result of his operations in Min
danao.
With 1500 men General Wood re
cently started a campaign to compel
the allegiance - .' the Sultan of Tara
ca, in Mindanao. He has pacified .the
eastern side of Lake Lanao, where the
Sultan lived. The American"- casual
ties were two men killed, three men
seriously wounded l and three men
slightly wounded, A number of the
enemy's forts were destroyed. The
Sultan of Taraca, Datto Ali and the
leaders of the opposition to the Amer
ican authority succeeded in making
their escape.
Root occupied less than an hour, but
every word was followed with the
closest attention by the throng of at
torneys and spectators who crowded
the courtroom and the galleries and
who sat on even the tables and the
steps leading to the tribunal.
Root's argument was finished just
before noon, and when the court re
sumed at 2 o'clock Judge Lovett began
his argument for the petitioners. He
began with the contention that if the
Northern Securities Company, had been
the legal owner of stock of the North
ern Pacific and the Great Northern
companies it would have been entitled
to th« fruits of that ownership, and the
Attorney General would not have ob
tained the relief tie sought in the orig
inal suit. The foundation of the bill
in that case was that the stock had
been acquired and held for an illegal
purpose.
STOCK IN* COURT'S CUSTODY.
The decree of the court had deter
mined that no title to the stock ever
passed to the Northern Securities Com
pany, because that company was not
legally capable of. holding such title.
The decree further had the effect of
giving the court practical custody of
the stock of the Northern Securities
Company.
The petitioners, he said, were not
asking the courts to wind up the af
fairs nor dissolve the securities com
pany. They were asking it to dispose
of the stock in what they contended
was the only way consistent with the
decree of the court. The plan of distri
bution proposed by the Northern Se
curities Company did not dissolve that
corporation. It simply reduced or at
tempted to reduce its stocks in such a
manner as would leave the stockholders
In control of both roads.
He referred to the statement of coun
sel for the Northern Securities Com
pany to the effect that the company
might have sold its stockholdings, and
denied this, because the decree of the
court determined that it had never
owned that stock. It was not necessary
to enjoin a corporation from selling the
stock because it \ is < not customary [ to
enjoin any one from selling what | he
does not own. The 'stock was as much
in the constructive custody of the court
as if it had seizedlt.
When Lovett concluded, former Con
gressman . James Hamilton , Lewis .' of
Chicago appeared and said that he rep
resented the Continental Trust Com
pany of New Jersey, and asked - to be
heard as an objector, to : the , petition".
The court then allowed him * fifteen
minutes. He said his client was; the
owner of 5000 shares of the stock of the
Northern Securities 'Company ~. and ¦ ob
jected to the petition: being 1 granted,
because the court; had- no jurisdiction.
The court adjourned the case until 10
o'clock to-morrow morning, when one
hour and fifteen -minutes will be al
lowed for further; argument. .}
Continued From Page ' 1', Column 2
HARRIMAI FINDS KNOX AIDING HILL
BARCELONA. April 12. — Premier
Maura was attacked to-day by an an
archist while entering the palace of
the Council General. The Premier
had just returned from attending a
requiem service for the repose of the
soul of the late Queen Isabella and
was entering the palace, when a
youth. 19 years old, named Joaquin
Miguel Artao, approached and, shout
ing "Good day; long live anarchy,"
stabbed the Premier in the chest. Ar
tao was immediately Seized and im
prisoned.
Late to-night a semi-official report
of the attack on Premier Maura was
issued, according to which the assail
ant had concealed a kitchen knife
with which he stabbed the Premier,
but the force of the blow was broken
and its direction diverted by the heavy
lace on the Minister's coat, resulting
in only a slight scratch under the
sixth rib. A doctor attached to King
Alfonso's suite examined the Premier
and prescribed a few hours' rest. His
Majesty sent a messenger to inquire
concerning the attack and as to the
Premier's condition.
Joaquin Miguel Artao, the assailant,
was employed as a domestic. He is an
anarchist and when arrested attempt
ed suicide by dashing his head against
the wall. /
• According to another account the
Premier coolly drew the knife from
his clothing and threw it on a seat
in his carriage, after which he en
tered the palace, walked upstairs and
telephoned to Minister of the Interior
Guerra at Madrid, saying: "I have
been stabbed. Don't be alarmed. The
wound. is not serious."
Young Anarchist Attempts
Life of Senor Maura. Head
of the Spanish Ministry
YOUTH STABS
THE PREMIER
LONDON, April 12.— The Govern
ment, according to the Evening News,
has decided to reimpose the grain du
ties abandoned by former Chancellor
of the Exchequer Ritchie. The paper
added that the former arrangement of
six cents per hundredweight on im
ported grain and ten cents on flour will
be revived in its entirety, as during the
regime of former Chancellor of the Ex
chequer Sir Michael Hicks-Beach. The
announcement that the grain duties
will be reimposed found little credence
among the members of the House of
Commons, who anticipated that the
Chancellor of the Exchequer will make
up the deficit largely from an increase
in the income tax.
The combined efforts of the coal
owners, exporters, ship owners and
miners have failed to induce Austen
Chamberlain, the Chancellor of the Ex
chequer, to repeal the coal duty. An
important deputation representing all
of these interests laid the case before
the Chancellor to-day and pleaded that
the duty was disastrous to every in
dustry connected with the coal trade
and enabled their German and other
rivals to displace British coal.
Chamberlain, in reply, lengthily com
pared the arguments of the petitioners
with the facts in his possession and
concluded with denying that there was
any reason for the abolition of the
duty. He said the fact that the exports
for the past year were the largest on
record disproved the gloomy forebod
ings of the deputation.
» '*
Chancellor of the Exchequer
Ignores Requests for Abo
lition of the Coal Duty
SHIPPERS ARE OPPOSED
On amatory conquest bent and with
money to spend, Pat Sullivan, miner,
came down from Butte City, Mont.,
where he had exhausted the list of fair
ones he considered worth flirting with.
The fame of San Francisco as a beauty
phov- attracted him, and when he ar
rived here he sallied forth to conquer.
Fate led him to 195 Shipley street, a
lodging-house owned l>y Mrs. Catherine
Reynolds, and there misfortune over
took both him and the lady. She was
the defendant on a grand larceny
charge in Judge Mogan's court, and
Fat Sullivan was her accuser.
Mrs. Reynolds pleaded not guilty,
and then recounted her experience with
the Adonis from Butte. He entered her
establishment, she stated, and said he
desired to rent a room, and as her live
lihood v.as derived from the renting of
rooms ehe treated him civilly and said
she would be pleased to have him for a
lodger. Then his conduct became ec
jcentrle. Dropping upon his knees, he
clasped his hands appeallngly, address-
Ing her as "queen of his soul" and de
clared his senses were enslaved by her
charms. Then, proposing that she toast
him ln beer, he rushed out. to return a
moment later with a bottle of that
beverage. Conaldering him demented
and being alone and afraid, the
""queen" humored his fancy by drink-
Irg a glass of th<? beer. With renewed
assurances of his imperishable affec
tion, he then withdrew. A few hours
later she was arrested on a warrant
charging her with having stolen 545
from Mr. Sullivan.
Examinod by the Judge. . the com
plainant confessed that he could not
prove the defendant guilty of robbery.
"This woman is discharged." raid the
court, "and I think her arrest was an
outrage. The complainant has proved
•nothing more than that he was a fool,
and I hope he will return to Butte as
ppeedily as possible. The issuance of a
warrant on his unsupported complaint
was unjustified."
Mr. Sullivan looked like anything
fxcopt a typical squire of dames as he
walked out of court.
• • •
A dispute over the rightful posses-
Fion of a silver dollar led to such seri
ous trouble between Mr. and Mrs. EX.
SoHnski of 31 Ivy avenue that the man
retired to escare the woman's wrath.
"When he had given her ample time for
restoration of reason he returned, to
find that she had barred the door
jicainst him. and then he became
wrathful and smashed the window.
Neighbors heard the crash, imagined
burglar?, raised Fashes and blew
(vhfstles. and in affright Mr. So'.inski
tVd. At the intersection of Larkin and
Hayes streets he ran into the arms of
a iwliceman. and that's how he hap
j^ned to be a defendant before Judge
Mugan. The case is under advisement.
• • •
Joseph Fried!, fair complexioned.
heaAily bewhlskered and tightly frock
roated. stood beside his black-skinned
wife in Judgp Fritz's court and told
liow she had been insulted by Martin
Devtnei a jolly jack ashore.
The Friedls li<*cv a hardware store
at 1272 Folsom street, and Mariner De
vine was paFFing th*» door when his
«>>•» caught a glitnrse of Mrs. Friedl.
Into the shop he roik'd. and addressing
the lady with the familiarity that men
of the sea exercise indiscriminately to
(vard the opposite sex he informed her
that he wanted a cigarette. In tone of
[frvezfasj dignity she said she *ould not
p:v» him one, and also commanded him
10 • £it-nut." He obeyed like a true dis
ciplinarian, but as he made his exit he
I'!ayful!y smashed a window.
« »n his promise to pay for the mate
rial damage the Judge permitted Sea
man Devine to go free.
• • •
So frequently has alleged peace dis
turbance on the 1500 block of York
street. Bernal Heights, been ventilated
in the Police courts that most
of th»» feminine dwellers in that
reighborhood have become rather
familiar figures in the corridors
of the Hall of Justice. A large
batch of them basked in the presence
of Judge Cabaniss yesterday morning,
end in the afternoon they entertained
Judge Fritz and a jury. In the former
tribunal Mrs. Lizzie Heller was ac
cused of having disturbed the peace
of Mrs. Jane Doe Daw, and before the
twelve good men and true the same
Sirs. Lizzie Heiler declared that her
p^ace had been disturbed by Siegfried
Magpr and Mary, his wife.
In both cases the witnesses were
numerous and voluble. Their testi
mony showed that the turbulent condi
tion of the 1500 block antedated the
taking up of residence there by Mrs.
Heil<?r. Indeed the lady seems to be
yet in the early stage of an initiation
that ie progressing with remarkable
rapidity. The tumult began when Mrs.
Magcr was arrested for disturbing th*
3>e*ce of Mrs. McCarthy, and Mrs. Ma-
I ger celebrated her acquittal by enter
ing civil *suit against Mrs. Mc-
Carthy and being awarded 55000 dam
ages, not one cent of which she has
been able to collect. From the Mager-
McCarthy feud grew side issues that
gradually involved the majority of
the!r respective friends and proved
rich picking for the Police Court law
yers.
So distracting was the testimony in
the Daw-Heller case that his Honor
Cabaniss sot the sides mixed and pro
nounced the complainant guilty; and
when her attorney vigorously protested
the court squared matters by dismiss
ing the defendant. Mrs. Daw swore
that the Heller family made her life
a burden by casting rocks through the
windows of her domicile, and Mrs. Hel
ler submitted in evidence the fragments
of a glass pitcher which, she alleged,
had been hurled at her by Mrs. Daw.
The Judge ungallantly suggested that
the fact of Mrs. Daw's aiming the
pitcher at Mrs. Heiler assured that
lady immunity from being struck with
the missile, as a woman never hits the
object she throws at-
While Mrs. Heller was testifying in
her own behalf Mrs. Daw sat among
the witnesses and groaned most mis
erably to express the horror conveyed
to her by the defendant's statements.
An attempt by one of the attorneys to
prove the existence of a tender attach
ment between a policeman and one of
the younger witnesses was balked by
the court declaring that the love af
fairs of the witness had nothing to do
with the case.
After listening: to tedious testimony
ard equally tedious arguments in Mrs.
Hc-iler's case apair.st the Magers, the
Jury in Judge Fritz's court convicted
the woman and acquitted the mail.
Mrs. Ma ger will be sentenced to-day.
• • •
Three persons accused cf murder
faced Judpe Conlan yesterday. Mrs.
Cordelia Botkin was one of them, and
the other two were Fred Tobelmann
and Thomas Fallon, each charged with
slaying his wife. Tobelmann's exam
ination was continued till next Wednes
day, and Fallon will face the bench
again to-day.
• • •
From Bernal Heights came wit
nesses to testify in the peace
disturbance case of Mrs. Sum
merville against Ellen Kelly
and Judge Cabaniss gave them
patient hearing. The prosecu
tion alleged that Mrs. Summerville had
tapped the window of Mrs. Kelly's
kitchen and that when Mrs. Kelly
responded she was informed by Mrs.
Pummerville that she (Mrs. S.) would
send her iMrs. K.) to join her (Mrs.
K.'s) husband at San Quentin, supple
menting that threat with another to
the effect that she (Mrs. S.) would
derive grrea\ pleasure from the act of
carving her (.Mrs. K.) with a knife.
Mrs. Summerville denied that she ever
uttered the remarks credited to her by
Mrs. Kelly.
"What started this rumpus, any
way?" demanded the Judge.
Then came Mrs. Strosser and Mrs.
Coleman to testify that the Kelly chil
dren* and the Summerville offspring
were at outs and that their respective
parents took sides, of course. Further
inquiry elicited the information that
not one of the youngsters referred to
was over three years of age.
"I'll have to think this thing over."
was the Judge's wearily uttered opin
ion.
• • •
Judge Fritz has reserved his decision
in the assault case in which Policeman
T. J. Larkin is complainant and John
Nolan Jr., a California-street stable
man, is defendant. The officer shows
no evidence of having been roughly
treated, but Nolan exhibits a broken
nose and other facial disfigurements
as a result of the encounter.
• * #
* Pablo Castro's three little children
appeared in Judge Mogan's court and
with big round eyes mutely appealed
for the liberation of their father, who
insisted on resuming sleep upon a
bench ir.Portsmouth square after Spe
cial Policeman Gardner had awakened
him three times. After glancing at the
little ones, and learning that the de
fendant had a sick wife at home, the
Judge discharged him with a repri
mand.
• • •
Bock steam beer was the undoing of
Samuel Lemkins, a vegetable peddler,
for after imbibing several glasses of
the enticing beverage he drew from
concealment his trusty six-shooter and
fired five shots, scaring many people
who witnessed his performance us he
drove along San Carlos avenue.
"After drinking that last steam I be
gan to Imagine I was a stage coach
driver pursued by highwaymen," said :
Samuel to Judge Mogan, "and that's
why I fired the shots." '• ""
Five dollars and costs.
¦ • ¦ • •
Judge Mogan held John Condon, alias
"Jlmmie the Whale." to answer a
burglary charge in the Superior Court,
and Judge Conlan made similar dispo
sition of the robbery case against Jos
eph Wallace and George Lang. Bail
ln each case was fixed at $3000.
John Fleming, chauffeur, pleaded
that he was driving fast on Golden
Gate avenue because his single pas
senger .was a doctor who had been
hastily summoned to the bedside of a
patient in a critical condition. Judge
Mogan thought the defense a valid one.
England Will Probably.-Ke
impose Six Cents Per
Hundredweight on Grain
Goes Forth to Conquer Susceptible Femininity and Be
. sieges the Matured Landlady of a Lodging- House, After
Which He Loses Cash and Fails to Prove She Stole It
GRAIN DUTIES
TO BE RENEWED
ADONIS FROM MINING TOWN
FAILS TO DAZZLE IN CITY
Br- bark Auldcirth, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Apr g— Bi- atmr Em«
press of China, for Vancouver.
LONDON— Arrived Apr Br ship Seman
tha. from Chemalmis.
PORT SAID— Sailed Apr 11— Br atmr Oanfa,
for Liverpool.
DUBLIN— Arrived Apr 11— Br bark Strath
don, from Oregon.
, NEWCASTLE. AUS. — Arrived prior Apr 12
— Br bark Inverararry. hence Feb 8; Br bark
Invercauld. hence Feb 5.
ADELAIDE — Arrived prior Apr 12— Br bark
Inversnald. hence Jan 13.
SHANGHAI— Sailed Mar 23— Ger stmr Ti
berius, for Cbefo.
SHIELDS— Sailed Apr 11— Ger ship AMe
baran. for Tacoma.
HAMBURG — Sailed Mar SO— Ger bark Anna.
foV Astoria. , ¦ . •
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MOVILLE — Arrived Apr 12 — Stmr Indiana,
from St. John, N. B., for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. nitffTrtrnw|Wf|ipfr|Mr
GLASGOW— Arrived Apr 12— Stmr Lauren
tlan. from .New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Apr 12— Stmr Saxonla.
for Boston, via Queenstown.
Arrived Apr 12 — Stmr Dominion, from Port
land.
HONGKONG— Arrived Apr 12— Stmr* Em
press of India, from -Vancouver, via Yoko
hama. Kobe. Nagasaki and Shanghai.
NEW YORK— Arrived Apr 11 — Stmr Sicil
ian Prince, frona Naples; stmr Rymtam. from
Rotterdam; stmr Bremen, -from Bremen and
Cherbourt.
Sailed Apr 12— Stmr Rotterdam, from Rot
terdam: stmr Princess Vlctorio Lulze. for Fun
chal. Genoa and -Naples; stmr Koenis Albert,
for Naples and Genoa: stmr Stcilia. for Na
ples and Genoa: stmr Kaiser Wllhelm 11, for
Urcmen.: via- Plymouth and Cherbourg^ * stmr
CeoreJc. for Liverpool. . ¦ , ,¦.¦»•..
Arrived Apr 12 — Stmr Furncssla. from Glaa
fiow. |
ANTWERP— Arrived Apr 12— Stmr Finland,
frnm New York. .
GENOA— Arrived Apr 7— Stmr Nord Amer
ika. from New York. • -
Sailed Apr 0— Stmr Lombard!*, for New
Yort. ¦ ' -.--¦¦¦ ¦-.-:
HAMBURG— Arrived Apr 10— Stmr Moltkr,
from Ni-w York, via Plymouth and Cherbourg
• CHERBOURG — Arrived Apr 12— Stmr Penn
sylvania. ' frnm ; New York, ' via ¦ Plymouth. » for
Hamburg, and proceeded.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Apr 10— Stmr
Oceanic. Irom : New York, for . Liverpool; and
proceeded ~ > .
. 'NAPLES — Silled Apr 6 — Stmr fcardi;na. for
Now York. ... :*¦¦ ' •
: AUCKLAND. N.' Z.— Arrived Apr 11— Stmr
Sonoma.. from San Francisco, via Honolula, tor
Sidney. N. S. W. , . .
THE . SAN FRANCISCa- CALL, WEDNESDAY, ' APRIL 13, lQOi.
5
THE EMPOBiTJM J /THE EMPORIUM' | THE EMPOJtlTJM. j THE EMPORIUM '
: Sale of Foulards 59c *V/T* X?** IPI Lisle Gloves SSc
: For Shirt Waist Suits. d^7^^^^^/^//lI/^ Wednesday Only.
> These are the popular styles of 75c . hrfiCXJ/HMJUCMffii^ Don't miss this chance to buy sum-
I and 85c foulards, in neat designs, made ~~ M m mer gloves cheap. 1500 pairs 'supe-
: expressly for shirt waist suits— they *^J^^^ b^^^a*ierica-s grandest storc rior quality lisle thread gloves— with
I are full 23 inches wide, and among the \mm m. MM 'Mm •¦¦#¦" open work wrists and silk filet stitching
f colorings are champagne, reseda, WwCt iwl£H*Cmt FffiM*G®S on back— in the wanted colors— 5uch
t brown, tany gray, navy and gobelin, a as modes, beavers, slates, gray, white
[ limited quantity, f-n special £TO^* Hff0Ttt Aw%W+iB and last b:_ack, all s:ze» 5^107 Jk ;
\ sale to-day only, yard -... . *9*91* a^'SW ***** mm ' <•¦*•¦• «r«» to-day only, instead of 35c pair . #*Jft?
I sale of 121/2,0, I Women's Sample Suits collar and
I e l* c No '^lir V3*oy 2 Off Regular Prices c /£?£ s
'» wash material more, useful 'a -tL Two very choice sample lines, in sizes 34. and 36, and a Ecru linen, Grecian em-
», tnan g° o< * quality percales, yfelalk^V hundred or more suits, in all sizej f from our own fine stocks. broidery, edged in red
;. in the correct styles and /^&iyfe These suits are in the height of style— made by com- and navy blue— the very
\ co.onngs. /^^V^^^ 7^ petent women's tailors— cop : ej ot some qf the best im- newest and nobbiest ef-
t Thi. morning we begin a sale / "Vj, 8liJ ported models for spring and summer 1904. fcct in col]ar and cufF
> of \»rd wide perca;e', suprnor <fl<f*l...f^r .ii^i /k <tfrtt*l v XT , . , , ,. , . . . ,.., n-eriilarlv iir- tn
i we.", and the much-wanted /^^^^rT^W N ° VClty SUKS tha * k W " C """^ '° $7 ° *** * 7 S 7 '?*' %1°'
1° new styles; ins.eai of i2^c "BkS^VTV III W^ ' " c mar ' cc^ S5°» zn<^ other reductions in proportion. Ci Y on 'Y' s:t • • • JoC
i f )ird> ;\ hie la! « e q^" tty vS^LJ^wBT Suits worth up to $12.50. . . $ 7.95 ~ Z
\ UX.rpti . 9C * Suits worth $.5.00 to $18.00 1O.9O W .,? aie ° f r A .
\ Batiste Nimolse-Nsw fancy &S HSot^^^^V Suits worth $20.00 to $25.00 14.35 WtStOit Velvet
[ fatimtrip: weave; , a rich ua-h ABB& \M R, Ws&iffiM ', Suits Worth $26.00 to $32.50 18.85 CaS*DGtS
) fabric in the dainty 1904 col- ij^ j| t \% W?%M/ l Suits worth $30.00 to $40.00 22.75 £« 1 K Y~H
I o^youMlbea.rcn.shed.tsuch J ffi M»ll Q^^^. I Suits Worth $47.50 to $36.00 27.5O "",
\ Lie':" ard m 15n SultS WOI " th $50 -°° tO $60 -°° 42 ' 60 * " " m ° rC g °° d
\ AuomibH. SuWngr- SolidW ••JffiHiJjW// Suits worth $60.00 to $75.00 50.00 ¦ WiCv° vetthf "^
;, woven, Kncker 5 effects and flBHH|^^i /' Dainty Party DrCSSCS^ 14. 5O and $18.50. made of "^ ) ' : V 7 H
J linen mixtures; new weave,, «K| \f\W k Wit I ft I ll \ Hnc sh ==" whi '= Jwiss (*'*<> P iain bIack ) and ot ' P r "- ~ *5 ' l.lV.
I ¦ ,"''«! "I ? ' .7 T Z 2%t BHfflB^/S4=ll4^ tily figured organdies. These dresses have full flow. vard $t.t5
I IMoVmlim Soyeuse-'-The P l,n T~~« ' ing skirts over full drop skirts; the waist in shirt waist
; colors, in a large a$:oitm-nt of -Mr ' J I //V\ effects, embroidery and lace trimmed. You cannot LcSUiGS L1SIC
• thrse chflon weaves; yd. '2 'C Ji j\ w^ duplicate them anywhere under 520 and {22.50; VCSfS tSc
' Pongee*— In the silk ani iire Jv Jfli\ here for *#/J *»fl and <ffl Ki% _ . .,,,.., , - " '.^
' thread mixtures, 31 inches wM:, • /? jf tig rtL V 'A ' 1 ' n ' ' *'??, fl.,/ Sw " " bbcd » Jl5k thrCad '
! natural color, fine weave; yard Jf' // M\\ Other Swisj, Organdy, Pongee and Foulard Silk Shirt WaUt j ow neck no g j eeve8p
> *\'ftn Jzv ' ///ml mm Dresses — Also tome pretty taffeta?, suitable for street wear, out- , , , , ,
. I "^C^ ///Ayy/l^vVvx ing, dinner or patty dresses, at prices rangin 3 from. ?12.5O neck and arm holes drawn
• • '?^*!S?-'''lZ f.'A CS^^LS to $37.5O with «ilk tape, best 25c T«ts in
Ss[e SiiJf ----- the market; to-day and Thurs-
; et-11 cb ¦»« Sale ot Freezers, Washable Clothes ¦ <^^ ».!»«!* im*™.*
: B* '^f sf T^f- Garden Hose, etc. For the Boys ¦ IB °
' *Be t quality, with Van Dyke Three sizes of the Arctic Fmztr - Manufactured by Russian or Sailor Style Wash Suits— Made from the f^mmg%gmg»mmmgnm ¦ sanH
accordion pi'ested flounce and ths White Mountain Free/er Co., on special sale to-day new weaves of duck, madras and chambray, all nicely WrOCeriBS HtlU
fin ; sh-d with wide tuckel ruffl- and Thursday also, if quantity la ts. The tubs are made of trimmed with embroidery cr stripes of material in con- LltfUOfS
'' and ro^e "ruchinp. has deep un- best white cedar, with galvanized non-rustable hoops that Hasting shades, a large assortment and marked at low Exlra sbe . ia i s far ln da ..
'• ' d-rfl unce of silkette, worth won't rust. They Sre easy running, quick freezing ma- prices for quick sellins; each . J ' l ° UBJ
tity lasts, &CZ f&PZ $„„-' o q * ' * ' •« oa Bovs' Blomes — 60 dozen, in sizes lor bovi 3 to 12 vears; V < 5 ,«„
I a j2 . $&.J3 |2.|g, 3-quart s ze . $U8B / h , h Ru hn ? „„ ty , fi £ *£ J,, , gjfi |g& X£ .JM.
: <i*V n,i,v n ,i, in ill th* n>'ur . *• j «.. i V , 7 f l Ti i c ' t. to 8, and neglige: blouses for th= large bovs; assortment «nw,j Fm^nrK^i tk oo n
MiK Ytu coats — in an tne new Oood Refricerafor — Made cf ash, eoden oak finish, • , j ,, £ » • j ¦ '• j r ponea tmentnai, va . . 4&o
• mrl.. fn ' n ,;n.i .nrK i« Kmvi n ««y«J .* ,"' . . ', ?. - <¦ . includes all the new color.ngs and stripes in good quality c-,Hin»« T,* r , V,<-I,» n«k ,
, spring co.onngs, sucft as brou n, raieJ carving, solid bronze locks and binges, ztnc lined, , , . _, e , . r . , . b .,{ / Sardines — txtra Yacnt Club, 2
f tan, green, changeable eff-cts. 3? inches long, 16 inch« deep, 37 Rt% percale. and.madr«. Th«e are the kind thatw.Uwash 2J
\ ; p «<>: I if ¦ • • -f f- so . soc g?s «g
> .»//. t-. m trr, rsn n ti rf tm --' e r\ «¦• r'o-t-t-^r'o'i. better than overalls, verv special at . . ... %Jr %& *M 77«
eel; $9.50, $IO.oo and $10.75. Screen Doors— S ze 2 fret 8 inches by 6 feet 8 inches; can ' J / 1 « 1 1 ™C- I i>
. Silk Petticoats -J, Best grade taf- be- cut to fit any do>r; complete with m __ The New Rough Rider Suits are here, made from regula- Jesse Moore AA Whisky— Bot-
feti, in all the new color'ngs to hin S es and spring, each . . $1.50 and $lm25 t' on Khaki cloth, same as the loUien wear, finished with Ue . . . . 82c
much the spring gowns, 10 df- Sleeve Boards and Iron-The kind for summer "shirt chevrons and bands of couage m red-all the boys wl Boord s Old Tom Gm-Regu-
ferent styles to select f om ani waists and infants' wear, long tapering irons with remov. w^.t one-every boy should bavi one to save his good Urly $1.00 bott.e, for . .8IO
worth cn:-third more thtn . . able bandies; xvili save io cost by once using; board and £ cI «t hc? . our prce $1.45 Whisky — Amerxan C^b, hx!l
<g«O an iron complete S1.OO Small Boys Suits— For ages 3 to 6 years, good sryles that proof, gal $1.95
'P* Garden Hose - High grade rubber hose, in 2^ or 50 foot wcrc 55- 00 and $ 6oo » rcduC!:d for Q PZ Uto P ia Gin S er Ale— Dozen . .
; Many Other Styles Of -worn- lengths; no charge for coupling; per foot. ... . .ffl© the April sales to . . . . . . &, m <Jf %J . $1.10
en's fieiticoats in high-grade Sprinkling Cans — Painred and japanned . 25O to 75O 3-Piece Suits- For boys 8 to 16 years, spring styles, in Fruit Syrup- Grenadine. lemon,
taffeta and brocaded effects Camp Stoves — With joint pipe free; the two-hole, special woolen fabrics, that will p'ease the most fastidious boy, raspberry and Jtrawberry, bottle
from $15.00 to $22.50 each. $1m5O; the four-hole . . ... . . . . . $2. SO these marked . . " S5.OO 45O and 2SC
l&Mjr . EBK5I ¦ Il^fi aiSsBfl
I EASY TRAVELING I
m ill fir PI v* P il Si H
B ¦" B Bib hHv! m
H There is one way of going east that affords all the ease and comfort at a minimum £« Eg
H expense — the Burlington way. Hi
M For many years the Burlington has been taking thousands of people annually from! I
g California to the East. This travel has increased year by year because the service given a|
g was the best to be had for the money. * y I
M The Burlington thro' tourist sleeping cars leave California on certain days each Yi 1
|| week, and run via Salt Lake City and Denver, passing the grand Rocky Mountain/sB
H - • scenery by daylight. This is by far the most interesting route across the continent. &M
H This coupon, when filled out and mailed to Mr. Sanborn, will bring you just theplH
is information you want about i ¦ — — — WA -¦
M vour frin to the East Send W * D> SANBORN, General Agent Burlington Route. B
» >OUr trip CO me Hast. OCnU 63 1 Market Stre.t. SAN FRANCISCO. B
H It tO-uay. Please send me complete information about the Burlington -*- I
Ira Burlington trains OT;r Burlington rails all the way '";!'. j£r% I
g§ from Denver to St. Louis and Chicago. , Nam* 5 I
m No other road docs it. - -\ I
Eg Address—— • \ I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Others ur* pleMed with my Kid.ik De-
veJojiinK and r'rlnttrjt. If you send tn« a
trial ord^r you'll b<* |>lea«ed. also. Send In
on ordT to-day. My prices are lower than
tho--. of any one Hse in the butinetfS.
Here are a lew fUrure*:
DEVELOPING.
Roll of 6 — 10c Roll of 12— 15c
PRINTING.
£o!io finish. 3c to 5c; Velox finish, 3c to 6c.
Camera! 1 of all kinds repaired at tary
prices. All poi'" Ia! " *!*«* of daylight load-
ing films nt popular prices. Mail Orders
promptly filled.
COORCCT MVLC5 AMD SiZLS At«,n
eus«*csi »no peo*r*vo«*«kL c*ro<>
THAT MAN PITTS
1008 Market Streer •&££&PHOTOGRAPHS TAKEN ON THE CAMPUS AT THE UNIVERSITY OP CALIFOR
NIA YESTERDAY DURING THE BASEBALL, GAME BETWEEN THE FAC
ULTY NINE AND THE SKULL AND KEYS BALL TOSSERS.
OAKLAND, 12.— The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk ,to T day: William L.
Hamilton, 25, and 'Delia Muth, 21,
both of Crockett; Edward Moore, 24,
and Etta Harris, 22; both of Oakland."
3IaiTi;ij?e Uccnscsi.
Provide* Land for School
. OAKUND, April 1^. — The City
Council has incorporated 'n an or
dinance the Board of Education's re
quest for additional land for the pro
kcted new Polytechnic High School
under the bond issue* The land se
<>cted adjoins the present site on the
9orth . with 65 feet frontage on Mar
ket street and 105 . feet frontage on
OAKLAND. : April 12.— B. R; \ Baum
gardt, secretary of the Southern Cal
ifornia Academy of Sciences, will give
a lecture next Friday evening, April
1 5, at Hamilton Hall on s the subject
of ; "Sweden , and the Swedes. '-^The' lec
ture will be ; given -under* the ; auspices
of the'Swedish !: Society of Oakland and
will be illustrated with stereopticon
vie'ws. : r 7 .: ' - ¦¦'¦' "_¦¦:'. v. '..¦¦¦¦:
Will : Lectnre on Sweden.
OAKLAND, April -12.— George Wil
ron, 35 years of age, occupation clerk,
\>ui» arrested to-day, on a, charge of
sellinsr forged tickets to* Norris &
Jtowe'f? cii*c-u?. which hus been exhib
iting in this «^ity. The tickets were
disposed of at cigar ntor<?3 about town.
Wilson had 100 coupons in his pos
eL-ar,!on,. which, the circus people said,
were s r ;t:iiou&.
(Halm Tickets Were Forced.
Restoring Alameda Stations.
ALAMEDA, April 12. — In compli
ance with the stipulations in the fran
chise for the - south side local line re
rently granted the Southern Pacific
Company that corporation is restoring
the stations at.VWebsterl street and
Fifth street. These stations were con
solidated and placed at Sixth street
when the gates were put on the local
trains : more than ¦ a : year ago. The
Southern Pacific is also making ready
to. remove its tracks on Railroad ave
nue, west of Eighth street. \
A del pi linns Elect . Officers.
ALAMEDA, April 12.— Officers have
been chosen by the board of directors
of the Adelphian Club as follows:
President.\Mrs. 1. N. Chapman; first
vice president, Mrs. J. E. Hlggins;
second vice president, Mrs. EJ J.* Holt;
recording secretary,' Mrs. E/ M. Mc-
Cain ; corresponding secretary, Mrs.\H.
A; .Hebard; treasurer, Mrs. 'Henry
Rosenthal : curator general, Mrs. Wal- N
do Parkhurst. MJHHJaMmH
OAKLAND, April 12. — Deputy
Sheriffs Reilly and Roach broke into
the house of Noah and Ida Kelsey at
fourteenth and Jefferson streets to
day in order to serve legal papers on
the pair. The Kelseys locked them
selves in different rooms of the house
and refused to answer the ring of the
bell. Pinkerton detectives saw Kelsey
in the house, and when the doors were
broken in Krlsey was found in bed.
He claimed ho was Kick. The sister
sat- with her fa'-e in her hands and re
fused to talk. They arc wanted to aji
p«ar 5n coUr{ and testify in regard to
an estate ;n New Yorh.
Sheriff Forces Doors.
OAKLAND. April 12. — The. trial .of
the contest over the will of the late
Elbridge Dote of Haywards was be
gun before Judge Greene and a Jury
to-dcy. . The deceased left an estate
of about $25,000, the bulk of which he
bequeathed to the widow of his
brother-in-law and her, son,- with
whom he made his home for several
years. He was 83 years of nge at the
time of his death. Alleged mental
weakness df the testator' is the basis
of .the contest. ' ..-
Dole Contest Begins.
OAKLAND, April 12. — The Textile
Workers' Union of Oakland will give
its second annual ball on Wednesday
evening, April 1 3. at Maple Hall. The
affair will be in charge of the follow
ing members of the union: Floor
manager, M. J. McGowan; floor com
mittee, Gertrude Cloren, Gertrude
Axx, Minnie Jackson,. Minnie Cabrial.
Marguerite Bryden, Lena' Gacciariiio.
Carrie WIttusen, Isabel Isaacr, Hilda
Kelley.
Textile Workers' Annual Ball.
OAKLAND, April 12. — Suit for di
vorce was begun to-day by Leah 'E.
Stutt against Joseph A. Stutt on the
ground of desertion. They were mar
ried in 1897, but for more than a year
he has refused to live with her. Cora
J* Younger has petitioned the courts
to make Joshua M. Younger, her hus-
I^nd. pay her permanent alimony on
the ground that he "has treated her
so cru<^ly that she cannot live with
hfm. She does not ask for a divorce,
but wants -the custody of the thrae
children and sufficient money to en
able them to live. She says he is In
terested in a patent oil burner, which
brings him in a good income.
Mismalcd Couples.
OAKLAND. April 12. — "Pudd'nhead
Wilson," the dramatization of Mark
Twain's famous Southern story, was
presented at Ye Liberty Theater last
merit t»y the o«mpany, and the
play will run all lhi« week, including
a Palurflav matinee. The cast is a re
markably strong: one. and Edyth
Chapman's interpretation of the chart
acter of Row, the slave woman, was
especially good. Mr. Xeill as Pudd'n
head was at his be^t, and he received
excellent support.
The first prize in the "club notes"
competition was won by Mrs. Adrienne
M. Denison. The prizes were offered
by the management of Ye Liberty
Thester f^>r the best article on tty?
advancement of "club notes," which
takes the place of the programme at
the theater.
Is Produced at Ve Liberty
Theater,
Typical Southern Play. Sfrongly Cast,
XEILL COMPAXi' PRESENTS
"PCDD'XHEAD WILSON"
. Mrs. S. A. O'Neill was general manager,
assisted by Mrs. Hugh Hogan and Mrs. R. W.
McChesney.
, The whist prize winners and the score* made
were as follows: J. J. Rucker, 112; Mrs. R.
H. Whitehead, 112; A. H. Schlueter, 1C»; Mrs.
D T. Stevens, 109; Mrs. Mollie Parks, 108; W.
H. Kpsley, 107; Mrs. Frank Wilson, 107; -Mrs.
F. J Wilson, 100; Mrs. C. P. Nagle, 103; Mrs.
Henry Brechoff. 103; Mr*. R. M. Kinney, 105;
Mrs Kate Bulkiey, 105; A. T. Church, 105;
Mrs! E. W. Pezxrt, 105; J. P. Taylor, 104; C.
P Clark, 104; O. C. Clifford, 104; Mrs. A.
Mecse. 103- Mrs. E. M. Condlt. 103; TV P.
Hogan, 102; J. XV. Neleon, 102; E. P. Tay
lor. 102; George W. Downing, 102; Mrs. Che
ney. 101; Mr*. Jamison, 101; Mrs. T. A.
Schleuter. 101; T. W. Burtchell, 101; Mrs.
Tucker, 101; V. A. Wilbrand. 101.
Five hundred vied in popularity with whist,
and members of the numerous five hundred
clubs which have existed -through the winter
were pr^wnt in goodly numbers, and the fact
that nearly every one was acquainted added
much to the general enjoyment. The large
number of men among the pi a yrs was un
usual, as masculine Oakland prefers th« | com
forts of home or club, as a rule, to the most
alluring social function. ¦¦ Mr. and Mrs. Fel
ton Taylor and Mr. and Mrs. Charle« Lovell
managed the games, and the various sections
were under the supervision of ' Mrs. E.' M.
Walsh, Mre. E. J. Cotton, Mrs. J. P. H Dunne,
Mra Paul Lohse. Mra. -W.. 11.- High, Mrs. Gor
don L. Etolp, Mrs.'Willard Williamson, Mrs.
Lee Cole Burnham, Mrs. E. B. Stone, Mrs.
W. E. Sharon and Mm. Frank C. Watson.
Asa Mendenh*H won first' prize '. for moves
and Mrs. Gilbert L. Curtlss first for elams.
The other prizes were distributed as follows:
Mrs. Grace Gowlng, f6r ; moves;- J. P. Max
well, for slams; M. . J. ' Laymance, for moves;
Mra, K. A. Heron, for slams: W. F. William
son, for moves; Miss B. V. Nicholson, ¦ for
moves; Mrs. ¦ J. S*. Emery,' Mrs. Culberson,
Ira A. Miller, Mts. Dieckman, W. H. Ham
mer, H. C. Knight. Mr. Newell, Thomas
Knowles. Mrs- J. O. Ferguson, W.M. Alex
ander, Mrs. Olnry, Mrs. Eby, Mrs. F. A.
Leach. Mrs. F. M. Parcells*. George Hum
phrey, Jule Mathieu, Harry, Maxwell, B. L.
Dow. Mrs. NlPXiert.
The srorvr*. in dainty and pretty gowsn, in
cluded many of society's movt charming girls.
aiKomf them being Miss 'Helen: Dornln/: Miss
Sevlila Hayden. Miss Gertrude Russell, : Miss
Kathcrlr.e K«t«, Miss 4 * Ann McElrath, Miss
Ruth Kale*. Miss Phyllis Mathes, Miss Hek-n
Chare,' Miss Marlon Everson, Miss Nina Dyer,'
Miss Lameroux, Miss Curdts, Miss Eva Curdts,
Mtss Claris** Lobsft. Miss Tob^n. Miss Virginia
Hoflslnser. Miss Ethel •=. Brown, .; Miss I Lillian.
Reed; Miss Jessie , Craig, Miss Irene Bangs.
Miss Rnth Houghton, -.'- Miss Carmen ?' Sutton,
Miss Isabellc Kendall; Miss Letltla Barry, 'Miss
Marion'. Walsh, Miss May "¦ Coogan, "Mies : Lu-
The whist players occupied the upper hall,
where Dr. Tisdale of Alameda managed the
games in a business-like manner. The tec
tion managers were: Mrs. Q. A. Chase, Mrs.
Oscar Lunlng. Mrs. W. S. Palmer, Mrs. T. C.
Coogan, Mrs Charles Egbert. Mrs Henry Brat
nober, Mrs. ' Carleton Crane. Mrs. Hugh Ho
gan, Mrs. C. S. Cliamberlain. Mrs. A. G. Free
man, Mrs. Harry East Mljler, Mrs. Wallace
Everson, Mrs. W. S Baxter and Mrs E. B.
SantMrn.
OAKLAND, April 12. — As a. brilliant social
and financial success the Fabiota whist tour
nament at Maple Hall last night exceeded all
expectations. Both upper and lower halls were
crowded and among the 500 or more players
were many of the most prominent people of
Oakland. This annual card tourney, insti
tuted by the Fablola ladles, has grown to be
one of th'e fashionable events of the year, and,
judging from the number In attendance last
evening. He popularity Is by no means on the
wane. . . ' . . ¦ . > ¦
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
- One- of the - prettiest affairs ¦ of c , the ; post-
Lcnton season was given to-day^ by Miss Jane
Rawllng?.' - the ¦¦' ': honored "\ gucat being 1 , MiM
Eleanor Warner. : rwhd ¦= Is « soon , to : marry MIfs
Rawlings' brother. 'The '; young ; hostess : was
assisted , In receiving by "a large s party, jn
clutiinR. Miss Mary Barker, s Miss j Mona Crel
lln. - Mrs. R. ; N."% Fitzgerald. .• Mrs.'^Thomas
Pheby, Miss* Georgie ; Strong, Miss Marlon
Smith. Miss Grace Sperry,'- Mrs. ; H. Dleckmann,
Mrs.-~J. H.- P. Dunn, Mra. Sam Bell Wakefleld.
Miss Ethel Parker. Miss. Edith Selby. Mlsa
Ethel -Valentine, Mrs. > Irving " Lundborg,' • Miss
Margaret Sinclair. Mrs. Robert ' Lee : Stephen
son, !. Miss Florences: Hush, .Mrs; 1 Alexander
Warner, Miss ¦; Alysse f Warner, V; ; Miss .Violet
Whitney and Mrs. John; Hampton Lynch.
More than 200 guests attended the reception,
the ¦ pretty residence. / redolent .: with " fragrance
of . lilac : blooms, ¦' being . ; fairly x crowded ,-; from
4 to 6 o'clock. , Among 'the guests were:? Miss
Gertrude Allen, Miss Claire Chabot.-Mrs.J. H;
P.' Dunn, Mrs. i H. Dleckmann, i Mrs. V R. ; S.
Knight, Mrs. Walter .;-- Hushes: ' Henry,".- the
Misses Crellin, Mrs.'r Frederick '¦ Pae» ¦ Cuttinc.
Miss Abbe McFadden of Ohio, who is visiting
her brother, Rev. G. W. Lyons of Haywards,
wan also a ruest to-day.
Mrs. Frederick Stratum was presiding: hos
tess and in her receiving party were Mrs. E.
B. Sanborn, : Mrs. Pedar Sather, Mrs. J. Walter
Scott, ¦ Mr*. : J. R. Scupham. Miss Elizabeth
Scupham. Mrs. Prentiss . Selby, Mrs. P. J.
Shatter, Mrs. J. W. Shanklin Mrs. W. E.
Sharon. Mrs. George M. Shaw, Miss Henrietta,
Simpson, -¦ Mrs. - Mary : Smilie. •• Mrs. ,. Albert : L.
Smith. Mrs. Gordon ; M. Stolp,'. Mrs. Edsar P.
Stone, , Mrs. Egbert B. Stone. . "Miss Jennie
Stone, j Mr*." Lewis * Tashelra,. Miss'. Annie
Sutherland, Mrs. E. P.' Taylor, . Mrs. Felton
Taylor and Mrs. S. J. Taylor.
Then Mr*. J. E. Baker read an unpublished
story, the work of . a well-knawn society wo
man, that those who had the pleasure of listen
ing this afternortn hope to see in print before
long. It was a. plain little tale of human
interest, well written and holdlnff the atten
tion throuchout.
At a recent breakfast given in honor of
Mrs. Samuel Lowenberg— who was a guest at
the luncheon to-day— a bright little toast to
"The Critic" wan given by • Mrs. George W.
Collins of Laurel Hall Club and at Miss Gra/a
request - Mrs. Collins repeated the verses to
day, much to every one's delight.
Beside* Mrs. Lowenber* several other prom
inent club women were guests at the luncheon,
including Mra. Sanborn, president of the Cen
tury Club of San Frttnclsco; Mrs. Lord, presi
dent of the Thursday Club, Maine; Mrs. Frear
of the Honolulu Club and Mrs. George W.
Collins, president of I Laurel Hall Club. Can
Francisco. • : : • •'- ¦ -.:_'¦
Members of the original writers' section con
tributed to the enjoyment of the afternoon.
Mrs. Grace Gowlng. curator of the section,
and hertelf a successful 5tor>' writer, prepar
ing the way for several clever papers. ' She
spoke briefly of the section' s work, what has
been accomplished beine best shown by the
fact that ten stories written by members have
been accepted during the past year.
Mrs. Ai Smith's, paper, "About the Short
Story," was Interesting and full of a pleas
ing humor. • . V
Selections from the oratorio "Golrotha.' by
Walter Hastings Olney of San Francisco;
songg W.;H. Olney; piano solos, (a) From
the Sea Pieces" (MacDowell), (b) polka Trom
"Lie Bal'V (Rubonsteln), Mr*. Trost: songs, (a)
'•Thy Beaming Eyes" (MacDowell). (b) • When
You Came" (Metcalf), Mr. O!n«>y.
At the conclusion of the monthly Ebell
luncheon to-day the members and .their greats
enjoyed a pleasing programme of music an>l
literary numbers. Mrs. George W. Cope Mad
charge of the programme, which was as fol
lows:
crttla Burnham, Miss Agnes Arnelll. Mis3
Edna Wilde, Miss Estelle JCleeman, Miss Sara
Worley. the Misses Knowles. Miss Claire Cha
bot. Miss Edna Orr. Mias Pope. Miss lone
Fore, Miss May Youns, Miss Bertha Grand
jenn, the Misses Hogan. Miss Helen Crane,
Miss Ruth Morse and Mis* Eva Yorker.
Council No. 24 ; of . the Young Ladles' ; Insti
tute gave a successful entertainment and dance
on Thursday evening. April 7; at Pythian Hall !
Rev.*" Father McSweeney, pastor; of St.; Francis
de Sales, spoke of ,. the benefits . to ' be - derived,
from fraternal organization. ¦ An excellent mu
sical i programme r. was - rendered ' aa ¦ follower:
Vocal Solo, Mis8 Mary Lheureux; mandolin and
guitar ' selection — mandolins, v George Derby,
Daniel ' Whelan, George Schmidt % ' guitars .'Miss
Josephine Whelan.V Miss* Annie -Burke,'. Mi«s
Teresa Schmidt; vocal-solo. Master James Frit
ton. -¦"•••¦ - ¦ . ! ". ¦ ¦ '-. ¦ '¦ . - ' ' v ¦ ¦ ¦'¦¦.. -»r ¦
Among those from • San Francisco were :
Miss Ethel. Parker, t Mrs. ¦; Adolphus Grauptner,
Miss Wenzelburger. Mrs. Edmund Baker, Miss
Jessie • Fillmore, ¦ Miss : • Currier, MIks . Ellse
Gregory. Mrs, Walter Sutton and others.
Miss Harriet Knight, Mrs. Clarence Gray, Mrs.
John Clay Hampton, the Misses Fore, Mrs.
John Hampton Lynch, Miss Mary Barker,
Mite Laura Prather, Mrs. Nelson Phelps, the
Misdes Mahoney, Miss Georgrle Strong-. Miss
Violet Whitney," MIm Viva JClcholson, Mrs. Al
exander Marx, Mrs. R. MT Flti*erald, Mlsa
Augusta Blanchard. Miss Ethel Valentine,
Miss Florence Gardiner, Miss Grace Sanboro,
the Misses Flaw, Mits Elsie Marwedel, Mlsa
Margaret Sinclair, Miss Florence Hush, Mr9.
Will Maeee, Mrs. Tom Magee. Mlsa Ethel
Moore, Mrs. H. Bi. Nichols, Miss Clara Cllft,
Mrs. Dan Belden, Miss Marion Smith, Miss
Florence Nightingale, Miss Grace Spercy, Mfss
Evelyn Ellis, Miss Alice Conklln, MIse Lucre
tia Burnham, Mrs. Georgre 8. Wheaton, Mrs.
Thomas B. Pheby Jr., Miss Bessie Palmer,
the Misses Alice and Ruth KnowJes, Mr*. Wil
liam Lynham Phlels, Mrs. ; Georfte Greenwood,
Mrs. Lillian Brown Everts, Miss Florinrie
Brown, Miss Mary Chesebrough, Miss Kalk
mann, Mtas Marietta ' Havens. the Misses
Anita and Carolyn Oliver, Miss Alexia de Frem
ery, Miss Bates, " Miss Ely, Mrs. David E.
Brown, Miss Barry and Miss Edna Barry, Miss
Bertha Chapman, Miss Ruth Kales, Miss
Phyllis Mather, Mrs. George Gross. Mrs. J.
Loran Pease. Mm. Laura Bapaett, Mrs. Fran
cis Musser, Miss Edith Gaskill, Mrs. • Frank G.
Drum, Miss Sarah Drum, Mrs. Albert Sutton
of San Francisco, Miss Garthwaite, Miss
Kathryn Englehardt, Mi?s Elsie Xoyes,
Mrs. Will Meek. Mrs. A. F. Merriman Jr.,
Mrs. Howard Robbins. Miss Craig. Mrs. Her
man Myer. Misse3 Selby," Mrs. Walter Starr,
Mis* Ella Sterrett, Mrs. Frank Baldwin, Mrs.
Bernard Ransome, Miss Grace Holt, Mrs. Wal
lace Evar^s,' Miss Converse. : Miss Clara Con
verse. Miss Kathryn Hall, ' Miss Pringle, Miss
Hess Prlngle. Miss Henrietta E. Taylor, Miss
Alnette Edwards, Mrs. Fred Sherman, Miss
Florence Starry Miss ; Sherman Miss Grace
Baldwin, Mrs. William McCann. Miss Chrlssle
Taf t; Mlsa Elsie Fry, Mrs. Stanley Jackson,
Mrs. William Bull Pringle. Mrs. Samuel Hack
ett: -Miss Emma Grimwood, San Francisco;
Mrs. Louis Geissler. Miss Geisslcr, • San Fran
cisco; Mrs! Robert Lee Stephenaon. Miss y^nnie
F. BrigR. Miss Edith Selby, - Miss Gertrude
Gould, Miss Marion Walsh, Miss Margaret
Taylor. Miss Chase. Mrs. Irving Lundborg.
Mrs. Harry Farr. Miss Downey and Miss Jean
Downey. Miss Florence ¦ White, Miss Marion
Goodfellow. Miss . Marie Edna. Snell. Mrs.
Alexander Warner. Miss Alysse . Warner, Mrs
Mailler Searleg, Mrs. Fred Clift, Mrs. Charles
E. Parcells, Mrs. J. Q. Brown, Mrs. Beach
Soule, ; Mrs. Montell Taylor, ' Misses Everscm,
Mrs. William . H. Morrison, Mrs.' • H. XV.
Thomas.
Fox was sitting on a shovel, the
projecting handle of which struck a
cart as the car passed, throwing him
Into the street. He died in a few
minutes after the accident. Fox was
about 35 years old and unmarried. He
lived at the Hastings Hotel, Emery
ville. The Coroner took charge of the
body.
OAKLAND, April 12. — John Fox, a
laborer for the Oakland Transit Con
solidated, was killed at 4 o'clock this
afternoon by falling from a construc
tion car at Twenty-eighth and Adeline
streets.
One of Oakland Transit Consolidated
Construction Crew Meets Death In
a Peculiar Manner.
LABORER KILLED BY ,
FALL FRO3I A CAR
It is a particularly venomous' little
pest and would not hesitate to even
kill a tree a million times bigger than
itself. A crowd of parasites were set
upon it last year by the" university
scientists; but these entomological po
licemen have been off their beats so
long that the phryga.nidia Californica
has become bold and burglarious.
The oak moth is in its infancy Just
now— that is, it is in the*embryotic state
and just able to crawl. If the" Hillside
Club women had not taken measures to
suppress the^oth itwould sprout wings
soon and take to eating up the oak
leaves.
The Hillside Club, the organization of
enterprising women that has done so
much to beautify North Berkeley, has
taken steps to save the oak trees of
their section of town from the ravages
of the oak moth, that pernicious little
irisect known to science by the compli
cated name of phryganidia Californica.
A campaign against the moth has been
arranged for, and to-morrow will see
the quietus of thousands of the bugs.
It is all the work of the Hillside women.
The campaign will be carried on with
the help of the university. It will be as
spectacular as it promises to 'be ef
fective. Professor Warren T. Clark*,
the entomologist, and his spraying ap
paratus will be there, and so will A. L.
Bolton, superintendent of the univer
sity grounds, and Charles L. Keeler,
the poet, all of whom have agreed to
help the ladies. Of course, the Iadie3
will be there, too, and altogether it
looks as if there were little chance for
the oak moths of the section.
Professor Clarke intends to dose the
insects with paris green. This will be
administered with the aid of a portable
pumping plant, ladders forty feet long
and expert tree climbers. There are
sixty trees in the Scenic Tract, and It is
calculated that it will take all day and
perhaps some of the next to get around
to all of them. .
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street; April 12.
Enterprising Women of
North Berkeley Take First
Steps to Suppress Moth
Watson asteroids on the fly. Professor
H. B. Torrey of the zoo-logical depart
ment vivisected three or,four grounders
he caught under his hat Professor
Derleth, at third base, wore his glasses
most of the time, and once when Pro
fessor C. A. Noble of the electrical de
partment turned the current on a ball
to put Sam Stow out the goggles were
pretty nearly knocked down his throat.
The rest of^he professors kept after
the - leather scooting down the field.
The Skull and Keys men hit whatever
curves the professor pitchers threw
over the plate and there was no rest
for the weary. The only time a Skull
and Keys -man had to run was when
Professor Bancroft hit it to the box
office for a home run.
The umpiring of Professor J. B.
Landfteld was rjot what would ordi
narily be called proficient. The pro
fessor didn't know the difference be
tween a foul and a chicken and sev
eral times he barely escaped being
mobbed by the angry spectators, most
of whom were co-eds. The line-up was
as follows:
Faculty. Positions. Skull and Keys.
R. T. Crawford.. Catcher Elslon
A. W. "Whitney. . Pitcher ....Stow
H. B. Torrey First base Hendricks
H. C. Myers ... Second base Parker
C. A. Noble. Third base Geary
C. A. Derleth Shortstop .Orrick
F. W. Bancroft.. I^oft field Force
T. M. Putnam... .Center field .....Foster
C. J. O'Connor. Right field. Somers
The proceeds of the game will be de
voted to the football stadium fund.
HILLSIDE CLUB
TO SAVE OAKS
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Irons was picked up in an insensible
condition and removed to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where Dr. O. D. Hamlin
has him under observation. He is
about 40 years of age • and lives on
Forty-eighth street, near Telegraph
avenue.
OAKLAND, April 12. — A circus pa
rade at noon to-day caused the horse
of Expressman "Scotty" Irons to take
fright and Tun away. Irons was
thrown out of his wagon and the
wheels passed over his body. He sus
tained internal injuries that may
cause his death. The accident oc
curred at Fourteenth street and
Broadway. The horse continued his
mad flight out San Pablo avenue.
"Scotty" Irons Thrown Out and Re
ceives Injuries That May Result
in His Death.
CIRCUS PARADE CAUSES
HORSE TO RUN AWAY
Professor H. C. Myers of the chem
istry department was easily the star
of the faculty researchers. He caught
three pep flies in one inning, fanned
the air five times, stole three bases
and caught Scott Hendricks between
second and third. Professor Myers was
the patriarch of the nine, having whis
kers that he had to tuck under his
vest.
Professor Frank W. Bancroft, the
authority on the heredity of rabbits
and one of Dr. Loeb's sub-magicians,
spent most of the afternoon in the left
lot chasing flies. What few the pro
fessor caught he will preserve in alcd
hoL Professor R. T. Crawford of
the astronomical department peeped
through a mask that fitted him like
a birdcage and watched for comets and
BERKELEY, April 12.— The faculty
of the University of California and the
Skull and Keys men played the annual
game of baseball this afternoon on the
college campus, and the Skull and Keys
won by a score of 18 to 16. It was a
heroic exhibition of the national pas
time and has no parallel in history.
That is. the scientists in the game
never saw anything like it in all their
researches, and it is doubtful if any
body else ever did. It looked like a
skirmish drill or a sprightly game of
follow the leader.
Some of the fouls the professors
struck were as loud as tne prehistoric
egg 2,700,000 years old that recently
broke in South Hall. The errors were
bo rank that some of them were pre
served for chemical analysis In the de
partment designed for such things.
They were as abundant as they were
various. The base hits were on the
order baseballus glganticus and of sjich
a new and strange variety that they
are supposed to have something to do
with^ the tertiary period. As history
repeats itself, the professors' believe
that some of the base running was
almost equal to t{iat of the famous
leaguers of the stone asre.
Both wills have been filed for pro
bate. Johii Havens has filed the last
will on behalf of the infant, while Mrs.
Havens* brothers have filed the first
one, and allege that their sister was
incompetent to rrtake a will at the
time of her death.
In the meantime Havens has been
appointed Epecial administrator of the
estate pending the settlement of the
will contest. He claims that all infor
mation in regard to the estate is being
withheld from him by the brothers.
Shortly after her marriage to Hav
ens Mrs. Havens made a will in
which she bequeathed to her four
brothrrs all of her interest in her
father's estate, amounting to about
*40,000. About a year ago Mrs. Havens
gave birth to a son, and her death fol
lowed shortly afterward. When upon
her deathbed Mrs. Havens made an
other will revoking the first and leav
ing everything of which she died pos
sessed to the child.
John R. Havens of Berkeley, as spe
cial administrator of his deceased
wife's estate, wants possession of her
fortune, and to this end has filed a pe
tition with the courts to have James
M. Goewey, his brother-in-law, cited to
appear in court and show the condition
of the estate of the deceased.
There, is a quarrel on between the
brothers of the late Gertrude Goewey
Havens and the surviving husband
over the estate of the deceased, and
Havens, in his petition to-day, states
that James M. • Goewey, as secretary
of the Goewey Estate Company, is
withholding large sums of money due
as dividends on stock belonging to the
late Mrs. Havens.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 12.
At the alumni business meeting this
morning the Rev. Richard N. Ham of
Oroville was elected president in place
of the Rev. George II. Atkinson, term
expired, and the Rev. S. R. Yarrow of
Mill Valley was re-elected secretary.
The Rev. Mr. Ham presided at
alumni dinner to-night, when speeches
were made by Professor C. S. Nash,
D. D.. Professor John Buckham, D. D.,
and the Rev. Samuel Patterson of
Petaluma. The dinner was followed by
the final lecture by Dr. Abbott in the
First Presbyterian Church on "The
Teachings of Jesus Christ."
Ttoe graduation exercises at the
First Congregational Church were at
tended by a large number of people.
The church was handsomely decor
ated and the ceremonies were im
pressive. Diplomas were presented to
the Rev. Noah CadwaJlader Gause, the
Rev. Herbert Roy Livingston and the
Rev. John Council Wooten by the
Rev. John A. McLean, president of
PaciSc Theological Seminary. All
of the graduates have had churches
before, but had never graduated from
a theological school.
The Rev. ilr. Gause bas been called
to the San Lorenzo Congregational
Church, the Rev. Mr. Livingston to the
Rio Vista Congregational church, the
pulpit of which he has already occu
pied three months, and the Rev. Mr.
Wooten is pastor of the Epworth
Methodist Church South of Berkeley.
The presentation of diplomas was
followed by an address by the Rev.
W. C. Merrill of the class of 1S84. Dr.
MerriirB address on "A Bundle of
Fallacies" was an attack on the claims
of evolution.
Anniversary week at the Pacific
f biological Seminary came to a close
to-d«x 1 graduation exercises at
the First Congregational Church, a
Rieetics or the Alumni Association
and an address by the Rev. Dr. lay
man Abbott, the E. T. Earle lecturer
lor 190*.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
21 4 S Center Street, April 12.
The negTO is charged with killing the
policeman on December 2a, 1902. God
ley admits being present, and having a
row with the officer. He stated to-night
that he and a party of negroes had
been to a dance in Pittsburg, and
about 2 o'clock in the morning * were
standing in the stairway making some
noise. Policeman Hinkle came along
and told them to keep quiet, and they
not obeying he arrested Godley.
The officer' pulled his club and God
ley struck him, knocking him down.
In falling the officer fired his revolver,
the bullet making a slight wound over
G6dley's eye. Godley states he then
started to run, and presently he heard
another shot. He thought the officer
was shooting at him, but later learned
that some one in the crowd had shot
the officer. Godley denies committing
the murder and says he was not armed.
The negro then went to his home at
West City, twelve miles away, where
he stayed a day or so and then went
to Indian Territory.
Godley joined Norris & Rowe's show
in Wichita and spent the winter with
them in San Jose. He has been going
under the name of Joe Kelly. The
prisoner's brother was in Jail at the
time of the murder of Policeman Hin
kle, and when Joe Godley could not be
found a mob took the brother from
jail and lynched him. Godley said to
night that he certainly would be
lynched as soon as he reached Kan
sas, as a mob would take him from
the train.
Joe Godley, a negro, is in Jail here
awaiting the arrival of an officer from
Pittsburg, Kans., to take him back
there toi answer for the murder of Po
liceman Hinkle. Godley, who has been
following a circus show, was arrested
at Oakland to-day by,. Deputy Sheriff
Dreischmeyer of San Jose and Detec
tive Kyte of this city.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 12.
Accused of Killing Police
man Hinkle, Says He Was
Eunning Away at the Time
Anniversary Week at Insti
tnte Comes to Close With
Impressive Ceremonies
As Special Administrator He
Asks That Goewey Broth
ers Show Him the Books
Clarence and Francis S. Grange to 'William
M McColIlster, lot on N line of Essex street.
313:4 W of Shattuck avenue. W 38:4 by N
105, portion of lots 14 and 13. block K. map of
portion of Newbury Tract "in plat 51, Peralta.
Rancho. Berkeley: $10. - .¦•
Georgie E. and Thomas Gilbert to Calvin S.
Wlnchell, lot on NW corner of Manila and
Fairview streets. N 100. W 72:8. S 1C©:3. E tr»
beginning, lot 13 and portion of lot 14, block
4. map of blocka 3 and 4, Berkeley Park.
Berkeley; $10. >..:.*.¦¦
Daniel and Ellen Curry to Winifred Matoney
(wife of Peter), lot beginning at point on E lino
of la!itl described in deed to Winifred Maloney.
433 D. 91, being portion of lot* 7 and 8, block
3, College Homestead Tract. 2*57 S from S line
of Channing way, • 3 by W 60. portion lot 7,
block 3, College Homestead Tract Berkeley;
$10.
Berry-Bangs Land Company (corporation) to
Dwight Way Realty Company (corporation »,
lot on NE corner of Regent and Rnssetl street*.
N 120.64, E 148, S 117, W 148.53. lots 12 and
13, block H. Berry-Bangs Tract, map No. 2.
Berkeley; ¦ $10. - -
E. L. Hufgins (single) to Roy T. KlmbalU
lot on N line of Berkeley way. 193:9 E of Shat
tuck avenue, (before widening). E 92 by JT
124:6, lot 12, block A. map of Villa lots ad
jacent to University site on W, Berkeley: $io.
Same to same, rerecord 5S« r>. 461, 12.91
acres beginning at intersection of line divid
ing- plats 22 and 23 and center line Hampet
street, thence along same and projection there
of E to center Sausal Creek, N to projection
of center line of Reed street, W alon; said
last line to its intersection, .with line dividing
plats 18 and 19. S to beginning lots 19 to 22,
mop Milbury Tract, East Oakland: $10.
Sophie Margaret H. and William Mayer
(all single) and John F. and , JUllie Mayer
(wife) to James S. Nalsmitb, lot on NB Una
of East Twenty-fourth street, 623 SB of Twen
ty-first avenue, SE 100 by NE 140. lots 26 to
29, block 82, Northern Addition to Brooklyn,
East Oakland: $10.
Elise and F. A. Krohn to Joanah and John
E>. Taylor, lots 317 to 320, block W, Beulah
Park property. East Oakland; also strip 8 feet
wide borderins on and lying to W of afore
said lots 317 and 31S, East Oakland; $10.
Emelia Adams et al. to Wlllard J. Perry,
lot on NE ltne of East Tenth itreet, 100 SS
of Ninth avenue. SE 50 by NE 100, • block 217,
Clinton. East Oakland: $10.
D. J. and Alice M. Keane to Mary F. Rice,
lot on N line of Handy street at | intersection
with "W line of Lorin Villa. Tract, thence
along said line of Handy street SW 25:7. NW
121.16, to beginning, being lot 9, map in par
tition of lands of Ann Dwyer. deceased, 671)
D. 116. Berkeley; also lot on N line of Harmon
.(Handy) street, 25:7 W from W boundary lin-»
'of Lorin Villa Tract, thence W 3.-NW 121.16,
B 3 SE 121.16, portion lot 10, ' same ma?.
Berkeley; $10.
H "r>. Brown (single) to Isabella Georga
(wife of E. O. George), lot 88. property of
Capitol Homestead Association, Brooklyn,
East Oakland; $10.
Eleanor J. and Frank M. Davis to C. M.
Willard lot on S line of Thirty-fourth street.
353:9 E of Market, E 37:« by S 100, portion
of lots 9 and 10. block K, property of Cen
tral Land Company, Oakland; $10.
John Mosch (widower) to Auguster Char
roux (wife of E O.). lot on W line of Haven
street 625 N of B N 25 by W 123. subdivi
sion B In lot 7, block 801., Map 2. Wattj
Tract, subect to life estate of first party,
Oakland; gift.
George T. and Emma B. Trowbridge to
Beatrice 'A. R. Stocker, lot on N- line of
Fifty-ninth street, 100 E of Park, E 100 by N
91. lots 29 and 30 block C, Gaskill Tract, Oak
land; $10.
Martin M. and Helen Samson to Morris
Gol<!8t3ln. lot on N line of Eleventh street.
100 W of Brush. W 50 by N 100. lots 24 and
25. block 152, Vellersbergers Map, Oakland; $1O.
The Real Estate Combine to ths Realty
Syndicate, ' rerecord 385 d 319. lot on NB - line
of Twenty- second and Campbell streets, N
&51-.8 E 370. S 175. W ISO. S 376:8, W 190.
lots 1 to 3. 12 to 16 and portion of lot 4,
block 76S. Hougham Tract. Oakland; $10.
Morris and Bertha Goldstein to Jacob Gard
ner, lot on S» line of Sixth street, ICO E of
Harrison. E 37 :« by 9 100, lot 10 and Vf- 12:«
of lot 11, Kellersberser's map» Oakland; $10.
Charles M. and Lena G. MacGreyor to Rich
ard O. Cowling, lot on N line of Santa Clara
avenue 113.50 E of Oakland, N 1S5. E 40. S
1S5, W to beginning, portion lots 1 to 5. block
I, map Santa Clara-avenue property. Oakland;
$10.
Bernard Nedderman (wldowar) to Emilia
Adams et als (2) re-record 802 d 208. lot on
TV* corner of East Twelfth street and Ninth
a\enue SW 03:6. NW 110, SW 66:3. NW SO.
NE 150 SE T?0, block 34 Clinton; also lot on
NB line of Ea*t Tenth street, 100 SE of
Ninth avenue. SE 50 by NE 100, block 17,
same. East Oakland; gift.
Huldah Hlldebrandt (wife of ¦William) «x4
Bertha Posner (wife of Max) to Cla-us H. an.1
Margaret Kuelts, lot on SW line of Fifth
street. 50 E of Myrtle, E 50 by S 100, block 4S2.
Boardman's map, Oakland; $10.
Lowell J. Jr. and Mary E. Hardy to Georga
Boeth* undivided fifth of lot on NW corner
of First and Market streets, N W by W 1^5.
Oakland; $]0.
J. D. and Sara P. Hammond (wife) to the
Missionary Society of the if. E. Church (a
corporation) lot on S line of Eighth street. 75
W of Harrison, W 50 by S 10O, lets 13 and 1*.
block 79. KeHer*b<?rger's. Oakland; $30.
R. D. Miller (single) to Oakland Colleg* of
Medicine and Surgery (& corporation), lot on
N line of Thirty-flrst street. 165 W of Grove,
W 20 by N 140. portion lot 31, block 2037,
Kowlaml Tract. Oakland; $10.
William M. Butters Jr. (single) to Jennie D.
Cret.<er. lot on S line* of Santa Pe aremir.
501.15 W of San Pablo. W 60 by S 106.62. lots
57 and 58, map No. 2, William M. Butters"
Tract. Oakland; ?10.
P. G. and H. M. Buchanan (wife) to Augus
tus Jr. Buchanan. N half of lot 5 and 8 halt
of lot 6, block E. map Wilcox PJac«. Oakland;
$100.
Puget Sound Lumber Compahy (corporation)
to T. B. T. Key. lot on NE corner of Railroad
avenue and Bay street E 33 by N 100. portion
of lot 11. map of block bounded by Bay and
Sherman streets and Railroad and Pacific ave
nuea. property of Mre. E. A. 8. Page. Ala
meda; $10.
John F. Parker (single) to Cbarl*» J. Best
(married* lot on S line of Hyde street. 225 w
of Peralta avenue, XV 50 by S 10O. lots 36 an<l
37. Corrected Map of Electric Heights Tract,
Brooklyn (Township; $10
S. M. Stone (single) to E. P. Vandercooh
Company (corporation) lots 1 to 21. inclusive,
block A (except lots 7 to 6). also lots 1 to 42.
block B. al3o lots 1, 2 and 6 to 22. and 24 to
4L*. block 6. Map of Mont© Vtata Trace, Brook
lyn Township: $10.
Alameda County.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
DENIES HE IS GUILTY
WANTS AX ACCOUNTING
GHUBGHES CALL THEM
Pacific Theological Semi
nary Presents. Diplomas
to Three of the Graduates
John, E. Havens Makes First
Move to Obtain Possession
of His Wife's Estate
Collegians Cross Bats on the Berkeley Campus and the Score, i:igir.
een t(T Sixteen Runs, Gives the Contest the Appearance of a
Charge in Single File or a Sprightly Game of Follow the Leader
SENDS ITS MEN
OUT TO PREACH
FIGHT BEGINS
OVER PROPERTY
PROFESSORS AND STUDENTS ENGAGE
IN SKIRMISHES AROUND THE DIAMOND
Jco Gmlley Is Arrested in
Oakland for a Murder
Committed 'in the East
NEGRO EXPECTS
TO BE LYNCHED
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
fHE SAN FRANCISCO :GALL\ WEDNESDAY, APRIL; 13, 1904.
6
BERKELET. April 12.— The rrytanran So
ciety expect* to turn ov»r a big EU3i of money
to the students' hospital fund alter the fete
It will give Thursday afternoon and evening in
Co-ed Canyon Th^re will bo wares on eale
»t all the booths and considerable money will
ccm* over the counter, to the Prytaneans
think. The booths are to be gorgeous things,
fdornet! ia the colcre of the nations fcr which
they trfn be naxnrd. Thfre will be a pro-
Bramrre of music in the evening and no end
of •rnusement for the visitors. The arrariRe
mnHf for thf nffair are in the hands of the
lollowinjt eonimiuees:
Programme — Mifs Beatrice Snow, Miss Alice
<Jrsh«tn. aJtes Louis? Ehrmann, Miss Edna
Wilde, Miss Marlon L»al<?, Mis* Kthel Klch
ardson, 3Jrs. W. C. Morgan and Mr*. J. C.
Merriam.
Booms — Mis; Elizabeth Arneill. chairman:
Er>*lish booth. Mi*? Helen Winchester: I'nited
States fo-xrth, Mis-s Myrtle Sinn=; Hawaiian
booth. Miss litzr-; McOraw; Dulcb boovh, M.lss
Kiizabcth Nicholf; Fpanirb brtoth. MiFs Para
\V«Jd: Esquimau booth. Mis? Moiiic Day;
Scotch booth. Mii-s Virginia NYhitehe&d; Insii
booth, M:s» Sa»d'c Ptartevant; Japanese booth,
Mii?« Rubena Jes*; gypsy bouih, Jliss Tallulab
I> Come.
The Oakland Voting Merit Christian Aera
tion team defeatea the varsity team at basket
ball Friday night by a score of :»;; to Hi. and
new there is s=ornc ODUbt as to which will win
the championship of tho l*ajru». * Much de
pends on whether Ssn Frunciyco's Young Men's
Cfcrtstian Association team defeats the var
•Iry or not wr.en they meet. If San Francifcco
wire t*>c Uu-ee trains will be. ti*d for first
place and a sertes of match"-* will be neces
sary to decide the champkmhip. If Califor
nia win* the championship will belong to it.
The convention* will be *et aiide at the
danc« tq be r.vcn by the nicn of tRe sopho
more cia** to the Bophomore women. Instead
Of Ihf regulation dress stilt the men wJJl ar>
r**r in (coif *hltts and duck trousers. This
h»« been decided ¦>:> :i on account of the hot
weather.
ADVEBTIST7TVrF.NT3. ¦'•'
Eczema
Salt Rheum, Ringworm, Itch,
Acne, or "other skin troubles,
promptly relievedand cured by
This scientific germicide, which
is harmless, cures by killing: .
disease germs. Used and
endorsed by the medical
profession everywhere. Sold
by -leading, druggists. _;If not;
at j'ours, send 25 , cents for a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
; my signature. " • Accept no
. substitutes. Address.
- • mte f Valnahl* Bo*k1» t so tkr . * -
-.:'- .f^ ™ \treatmeot «f tflseaae^ •¦-
KB A NCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY*
OAKLAND. 4' «i
1118 Broadway. ;
Telephone JIaIn 1081. A
BERKELEY. ,
2 H8 Center Street.
Telephone North 7T«
ALiAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 45S2.will be?" inquired Dalzell. -'¦
"Yes," said, Bartlett, ?'the • whole
country knows. Judge Parkerof New
York," which \ elicited ; Democratic ap
plause BS8
.'"..' Our /local vSteamshlp.'companles'rseern
to, be havlngr.a" hard 'time of . it.. No sooner
do ; they ; bring^'ou t a newi steamer, than I
one of their fleet goes on the 5 rocks. {/The "i
latest ' loss ; Is t. that* of-; the \ Colon,'"' one 5 of <
the i old-time i favorites; between^ here and i
Panama:" Buy a ¦ new; gas > range from , S. F 1
Gas and - Electric Co., .415 Post st: ' •
WASHINGTON,' April 12.— A case
involving claims to the amount of
more than $7,000,000 indirectly Was
argued to-day before . the : Court of
Claims. It ¦ was -brought by - Warner,
Barnes '& Co., ; a. British corporation
doing business in' 'New York and
Manila, to recover $80,000 in duties
paid on goods '-. ' imported into* the
Philippine Islands betwen the sig
nature. of the "treaty of peace with
Spain and -March 2, 1902, when Con
gress established: a regular" tariff in
place ' of 'A the ¦ military tariff.- i-if the
claim is maintained a large , number of
similar claims ¦ must be paid and in ad
dition t it* probably 'will!^validate '.claims
for a ; refund : of duties on goods ; im
ported in Spanish^ ships during.' that
time specified under the .terms of the
Paris treaty/ * ' -,
EXGLISH FIRM WANTS -'? f
j TO RECOVER $80,000
'•The Senator should know some
thing about the truthfulness of his
charges before quoting them . here."
Teller replied that he had known
General Thomas and considered him a
man as worthy of credence as the Il
linois Senator. To this Hopkins re
plied:;
. "Judging from the Senator's 'state
ment here, I should judge that he
would be as willing to ' take a state
ment from the slums as from ~ any
other plape and as good as that- 'of
any one else. Possibly there is "some
thing in the Colorado Senator's ¦ rec
ord and in his association with the de
partments that he is not proud of, but
if the Senator's record there * is as
lean, as mine he has nothing to -fear."
Replying. Teller said that he, con
sidered Hopkins' reference to himself
in conection with the slums as a gra-
WASHINGTON, April 12. — A sharp
colloquy occurred in the Senate
day between Senators Teller and Hop
kins, growing out of the reading by
Teller of a letter written by the late
General H. H. Thomas of Chicago at
tacking the civil service administra
tion of the Treasury Department.
While Teller was reading General
Thomas' letter Hopkins- entered the
chamber and at its conclusion inter
rupted the Colorado Senator with an
inquiry as to the purport of > his re
marks'and when Teller replied Hop
kins remarked:
Sharp Colloquy Occurs on
- the Floor of the Ityper
House in Washington
TELLER TILTS
WITH HOPKINS
tuitous insult and added that after
such an exhibition of bad raaners on
the part of the Illinois Senator_he
would decline to yield further to him
or have anything further to do with
him. •' . . , • : \ ¦ yr-f^M
Hopkins said he had no intention of
making any attack on the'Colorado
Senator. He was, however, entirely fa
miliar with the Thomas letter and
knew that its writing had been dictat
ed by spite, as* he' knew also ; that the
course of the Secretary, as well as his
own course in • the matter, had been
open and in the interest of the, public
service.
Cullom. said' General Thomas had
been his personal friend and that he
had stood by General Thomas 'up' to
the time of his removal. He said Gen
eral Thomas was sincere in believing
himself' a good appraiser, but, said
Cullom, "I; think! the Secretary of the
Treasury probably was justified in re
moving him." , . _ . . ,
The postofflce appropriation bill was
passed. '
After IL<^ reading Bartlett said that
whenever Mr. Cleveland's name was
suggested as a possible candidate of
the Democrats for President the Re
publicans seemed to get very excited
and afraid. Bartlett added:
"I know he will not be nominated.
I know, too, that he does not desire to
be nominated."
He said he also knew that the Dem
ocratic party would nominate- some
one who was a true Democrat,
and he added with some deliberation:
: ,"It is not very difficult now to state
who' that .will be.".'
"Does the gentleman know, who it
"I have received a number of in
quiries similar to yours touching my
invitation to Frederick Douglas to a
wedding reception and signing while
Governor of New York of a bill pro
viding for mixed schools.
"I do not suppose that Thomas E.
Watson believed or had any reason to
believe either of the allegations when
he made them. At any rate they are
both utterly and absolutely false.
"I cannot afford to devote a - great
deal of time in denying such foolish
tales. I shall therefore attempt to
cover every phase of the subject now
and for all. It so happened that- I
have never in my official- position,
cither when sleeping or waking, alive
or dead, on my head or on my heels,
dined, lunched or supped or invited to
a wedding reception any colored man,
woman or child. If. however, I had
decided to do any of these things,
neither the fear of Mr. Watson or any
one else would fiave prevented me.
When I was Governor a movement
was made in the Legislature to abolish
separate colored schools in Xew York
City. I opposed the measure and it
failed. I do not find that I interposed
a veto, and I have forgotten the
course the matter took, but I know
that whatever I did was in favor of
maintaining separate colored schools
Instead of having them mixed. Yours
very truly.'
GROVER CLEVELAND."
to uplift the negro race gently, sanely
and in the proper way. The South
had the kindliest feeling for the negro.
Bartlett of Georgia caused to be
read the following letter from ex-
President Cleveland, dated March 4,
1904, in reply to one from himself:
it would be physically impossible for
any counsel to prepare a motion for
a new trial. and attend the-prelimi
nary hearing. The defendant says to
the court, "Don't allow them to crush
me down, but give me* time. to employ
counsel to represent me.* "
The defendant was arraigned, and
when asked by the Judge what was
her true name, Heggerty replied, "Cor
delia Botkin."
• The Judge said he would grant a
motion for a reasonable continuance,
and Heggerty suggested Monday morn
ing.
District Attorney Byington said he
did net understand that the law con
templated any. delay. It says that a
defendant shall immediately be brought
before a committing magistrate. A
continuance could only be granted* by
affidavit. It was not going to be a
trying ordeal for the defendant and
he thought she would be glad herself
to have it over. He suggested ' this
afternoon.. The Judge continued the
case till to-morrow morning, when the
examination of the Delaware witnesses
will be commenced.
WAXTS REASOXABLE TIME.
"All the defendant asks is a reason
able time. Under all the circumstances
"I understand," continued Heggerty,
"that the avowed purpose of the prose
cution in this matter is to take the
testimony of the witnesses from Dela
ware, so that they can return to their
homes and never come to this city
again. That testimony, I understand,
would be used at the trial in the Supe
rior Court. Such a purpose is obviously
at variance with the law of the State.
A witness at a preliminary hearing is
required to give security to be present
at the trial, and, failing that, he would
be sent to jail. Why should a. witness
from Delaware have any greater rights
in this regard than a witness living In
this State?
i Cook on Saturday for sentence and
j her attorneys were busily engaged In
! preparing a motion for a new trial to
; be submitted at that time. That would
! occupy all their time and attention.
I All the defendant asked was for reas
j onable time to get counsel of her own
choice.
.SCENE tK POLICES JUDGE COXMN'S COURTItOOM VKSTICUDAY WHEN MRS. 1
CORDELIA BOTKIN WAS ARRAIGNED OX THE CHARGE OK MURDER IN I
HAVING GAUSED THE DEATH BY POISON OF MRS. IDA DEANE.
When the case waf called Attorney
Heggerty rose and made a, motion for
a continuance. He said that/the de
fendant's attorneys. Knight and Mc-
Gowan. had passed through a long and
arduous trial and Knight had gone to
the country for a rest and McGowan
was engaged in an important case in
the Circuit Court. It would be im
possible for either of them to represent
the defendant at th? preliminary hear
ing. She would appear before Judge
When the Judge ordered her to stand
up for arraignment Heggerty and Bail
iff Walsh had to assist her to rise from
her seat and each held one of her arms
during the reading of the complaint.
When the Judge reached the word
"murder" her frame seemed to shake
and she was'on the point of collapsing.
Heggerty whispered something in her
ear and she, with an effort, steadied
herself, but she could not check the
tears that trickled down her cheeks.
She wearily shook her head when the
Judge read that she had mailed the
poisoned candy to Mrs. Dunning.
ASKS FOR COXTIXUAXCE.
on the previous day she rested her el
bow on the attorneys' table and cov
ered her face with her nandkerchief.
Attorney Charles J. Heggerty repre
sented her. •
Police Judge Conlan's courtroom was
crowded with men and women yester
day morning, all eager to gaze upon
the pathetic figure of Mrs. Cordelia
Botkin, the convicted murderess, when
she appeared for arraignment on the
charge of murdering Mrs. Ida Hen
rietta Deane by sending a box of pois
oned candy to Mrs. Elizabeth Dun
ning K Mrs. Deane's sister, to Dover,
Del., in August, 189S. Those who saw
Mrs. Botkin in court yesterday and
the day before freely expressed the
opinion that if she were shamming ill
ness she was a consummate actress.
As she was led into the courtroom
by Deputy Sheriff Johnston she kept
her eyes on the floor and never raised
them during the entire proceedings. As
Williams of Mississippi said it was
an old game, known a long time to
those who knew anything about
American politics, that when the Re
publican party found itself faced with
issues that threatened its supremacy
it began to wave the bloody shirt one
v.ay or another. He said, however,
there was one thing neither the Re
publican party nor the entire world
¦ could do, and that was "to make the
South consent to regard social equal
ity as a thing to be desirefc." Xor
t-ould they make the South consent to
the proposition that the right of the
negro consisted in giving him jj°w er
:o govern the white men of the South.
He declared tho n?gro's rights in the
BftaXh were recognized much more
abundantly than anywhere else.
"The Republican party," he said,
"cannot persuade Southern white men
that it is not a good or humane thing
to maintain in the South the white
man's civilization and to perpetuate
there the two things upon which it
was founded — the white man's code of
rthics and the sanctity of the white ,
man's family."
The people of the South were going j
Kartholdt of Missouri s?poke of the
fact that Thomas Jefferson had honor
ed a negro with a formal invitation to
dinner with his family. The only rea
son that the fact was no*t generally
known, he said, was that nobody
thought anything of it. and no
•me saw fit to criticize Mr. Jeffer-
Fon for !L Bartholdt said that Jf, in
the Judgment of the Democrats, Presi
dent Roosevelt had made a mistake in
inviting Booker "Washington to dine
with him, then what Thomas Jefferson
did must have been an unpardonable
social sin. The President's luncheon
to "Washington, he said, was a hurried, I
improvised affair, while in the case of
Mr. Jefferson it was a well -arranged,
well-prepared banquet.
TTASHIXGTON. AxjtU 12.— The race
qisssSios -was again injected Into the
proceedings of the House of Represen
laSres to-day, when Scott of Kansas
<Je£2rered a long address In -which he
referred to his previous statement that
it vss current in Kansas that cx-Pres
lflest Cleveland had dined C S. H.
Taylor, a Kansas negro politician. He
read several letters from Kansas citi
zens staling that It had been Taylor's
boast that he had received «uch social
attention from Mr. Cleveland. He also
s»ld that Mr. Cleveland, while Gover
nor of New York, had signed a bill pro
viding for mixed schools.
In a spirited reply, Williams of Mis
sissippi, the minority leader, defended
the attitude of the South toward the
negro.
At the Instance of Bartlett of Geor
gia, a letter from ex-President Cleve
land ¦was read, denying that he had
ever dined a nepro. Bartlett also de
clared Judge Parker of New Tork to
be the man whom the Democrats would
nominate for President.
Baitholdt Finds That Demo
cratic Prophet Once Had a
Xegro Guest at a Dinner
SJXS 0E JEFFEBS0N
Lefer Prom Giover Cleve
land Is Bead, Denying He
Entertained Colored Men
HOUSE ARGUES
RACE PROBLEM
MRS. BOTKIN NEARLY COLLAPSES WHEN
MURDER COMPLAINT IS BEING READ
Attorney Charles J. Heggerty Temporarily Represents- Her and He
Makes Strong Plea for Reasonable Continuance to Enable Her
to Procure Counsel of Her Own Choice at Preliminary Hearing
The Seven Star Inn at Manchester,
England, boarts of having been licens
ed for 5D0 years.
An old gentleman in Australia broke
off the engagement between his daugh
ter and a young man because the
young man led the thirteenth trump
at whist. t/O:
Because it . Is the most comfortable way;
because it Is the least expensive way and be
cause over the Southern and Union Pacific -It
is the most direct way to Chicago and the
farther East. Proofs of this will be cheer
fully lurnishad by S. F. Booth, . General Agrent,
U. P. R. R., 1 Montgomery street.-' - — •
Why We Should Travel Tourist.
As soon as the Attorney,,. General
shall have ' decided whether, In his
opinion, existing legislation relative to
the exclusion of Chinese will be valid
or. not on the expiration of the treaty
with China, some decisive steps will be
taken. % If "it should be* determined that
the legislation will lapse with the
treaty, then the Congress will provide
against general Chinese immigration
by the 'insertion in a pending appro
priation,' bill of an amendment cover
ing the li subject. It seems likely from
the tone of the discussion of the Cab
inet meeting that another treaty will'
be negotiated between the ' United
States and China. Indeed, some
moves in that direction already have
been made. While the present treaty
will be taken as a base of the nego
tiations, it is probable that some of
the restrictions placed upon the immi
gration of Chinese may be modified as
to merohants and the higher class^of
Chinese.' Coolie. laborers and other
classes of Chinese labor will be ex
cluded as rigorously as -they are by
the existing laws.
WASHINGTON, April 12.— Chinese
exclusion and the.probable necessity for
legislative or executive action in view
of the denunciation by China of the ex
isting treaty was again to-day the
principal tonic of discussion at the
meeting of the Cabinet. The President
and his advisers were in session for
more than two ; hours. They consid
ered the subject in all its .phases,'
bi^ reached no definite conclusion,
chiefly, perhaps, because Attorney
General Knox has not been able yet to
prepare his opinion as to the legal
status of the matter.
ed custom.
"Having reached this conclusion, the
committee ' feels constrained to add
that, in its opinion, it would be well
to; make as formal as may be and to
restrain within the narrowest possible
limits the. action of members in con
nection with postoffices and the details
of other executive matters, and that
the severance of members from work
of that character would augment the
efficiency of the House of Representa
tives."
WASHINGTON, April 12.— The re
port of the special committee of the
House appointed to investigate the re
port of the * PostofHce Department,
printed under the caption "Charges
Concerning Members of Congress," was
made to the House to-day by Chair
man. McCall.. The report is signed by
all seven members of the committee.
The minority members, however, ap
pend supplemental views.
The important phase of the report Is
a finding regarding the connection of
members with the business'of the de
partment. This finding is as follows: •(
"After a careful consideration of air
cases specified iri the report numbered
1395 (the report of the Postofflce Com
mittee on 'Charges Against Members
of Congress'), so. far as they relate to
present members of the House of Rep
resentatives which the committee as
sumes to be out of its jurisdic
tion, it has unanimously reached the
conclusion that nothing has appeared
in connection with said cases \hat
would justify the finding that any
member of the House of Representa
tives has profited financially in the
slightest degree or that any member
was guilty of improper conduct in con
nection therewith, or that any mem
ber has done in connection with any
of said cases anything that did not ap
pear to be within the line of his • offi
cial duty, according to long-establish-
If New Instrument Is Form
ed 3Iodifications May Be
Applied to Higher Classes
Beport Declares That No
Representative Profited by
tlie Postoffice Transactions
MINORITY ADDS VIEWS
AWAIT KNOX'S OPINION
Statement of Committee on
investigation of Postal
Department Is Presented
Validity of Present Exclu
sion Laws Discussed by
President and Cabinet
MAY NEGOTIATE
A NEW TREATY
CONGRESSMEN
ARE BLAMELESS
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13, 1904.
7
\$fi lightoilthat
I lubricates
q and keeps
the leather
limber.
And it shines for sure.
Forty good shines in a
bottie.
At nil Bccal St»r»i 83 Ccata.
San Frandsco Store:
Comer Geary and
Stockton Streets
t^KK$&&L t I(lissy^^
0 visit DR. JORDAN'S oreat£
OF AKATOHYl
A Gfe issi mrrr g. ttt. j-urx z.t.ul a
\ Of Tb« L«r j<-«> AeatiMDial Muxeum Id flie \
<C m^rBh^K Worid - M «kM»>n «r Any cmnncteH A
6JS IS} **** **• •»•••••••«¦ *«r»«! i> r tb» olden X
fgjgri bpea*Ui!o» tfc-Cow_ E«L3«ycan. O
0 A^f { 0R - JORDAM-D'SEASES OF MEK A
f B Coo«nlttti9S frf* »nd ftri'tly prirstf. \
O L M?\' S T'" 1 "" 1 periOMljr ot br '\n\tt. A Q
* '- If *-\ If Omn ui rrery cssc undrn* k m. W
nPn \\Q> »Mi«tBooi.r«n.o«,«rBV.fA
H • B*aiU4liK. MAILED FKKE. Uf
A Ci U- valusbic book for nro) \ I
V f.tt. JOBDi> £C«., 1051 Market St..S. F. 9
< ? J^V^^^^ <^^^^^i> *^i
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GXTARATTTEED CTJRE POB DUETX.
HAEKXESS IKJECT1OH. Cures ordinary
*-ascs in a lew days. Warranted to cure
¦worst casps. WO OTEEE TREATMENT
KEQUIEED. Prevent* and Cures Strlc-
Tures. FBETTVTS COZTTAOZOZT. Harm-
Jess. J2.00 for both bott!e». For sale only
7. S. JCEXAT'S PHARaUCT. 102 Eddy.
IA/. X. HESS.
Jfotary PudUc and Attorney-at-l.aw
Tenth Kloor. Koom lUJ5.Cliius t?ore<:kei< bide
Telephone Mam 9Vt
Re&idcncc, 1602 McAllister nt
Reeldence Telephone Pae* 66*1.
Weak Men and Women
CHOULD USE DAMIANA B1TTER8, THE
*>-* Great Mexican Rfmfdy; rlve« health and
•Ucncth to sexual orcana. Depot. 223 Market.
AJVEBTISEMENTa.
' ~ ¦ • ¦-• . ' ¦ ¦ ¦
j Mattings
Have an air'of cbol-
il ness and cleanliness
which make them
S the ideallloor cover-
Ing during the sum~^
0 merseason. Our big
y assortment includes
s Chinese Mattings,
Japanese ' Mattings
¦ (from our own fac-
! tory an Kobe) and
Grass Mats. These
s , mattangs wear re-
~ rnarkably well
': whether plain' or
figured give very
j "pleasingand artistic
effects. Economy
u\ is also a feature, of
a thesemosi^apprcpri-
a ate f Joor covering^.
¦ MJSLOANEdGQ
1 114-122 POST 5TREET
y' BBhmBE
I - " ' '1 •.•¦;'••',.
" I>DTTCIII?C FOR fiAJlBERS.' flA-
Y brewer*, bookbinder*, candy makers, cannt-».
- dyers, flour mills, foundties. 'laundries, paper-
bankers. I printers, painters, shoe facto-lo,
stablemen, tar-roorers. tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHAHAIT BBO3..
Braib. Mannf actnrem. 609 Sacramento St.
J |ASTHMANOLA|
Is the only core for Nerrous aaA .
0 Bronchial ASTHMA.
e Tour Druggist or at CD8 HAItiHT ST..
' - Ban Francisco. CaL . .
ilDERECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price L13U Mallal
on Application.
. FBESE A1TD SAZ.T BtEATS.
» JiS ROYFS fr Cft Shipping Butchers. 103
' JAJ. PUICJ tt WU. gay. TeL Main 1294
OILS.
L.UBRICATIXG OILS; LEONARD A ELUS.
¦ 418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Mala 1719.
N FBIBTmO.
E.c.BO(iflE& .njrrs.,
- OCEAU TRAVEL. - .
_y^\C. *»**< Steamers tear* Broadway
/OV^^WS. "narves, Ple» 9 and U.
fifiC- ¦ \»\ Ean Francisco.
/ *V vte^ft \"*\ For Ketchlkan.
I I \VT»2 1 I Juneau, Halnea, Ekajuiy.
\ \ \ ***fflk / / e tc. Alaska — 11 a. m.. Apr.
\f^ \l 1/Ctl 6 - 10 - 15 « m ' 2S - &*' M*» *•
Vyssy Voy Change to Company'* stesm>
nASsn^W/ «rs at Seattle.
-^-2— *^- ' For Victoria, Vancoorer.
Fort Townaend, Seattle. Tacoma, Everstt. Bel-
Ungham— 11 a. m.. Apr. 5. X0. 15. 20. 23, 3a
I May S. Change at Seattle to this company's
j steamers (or Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle
I or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P.
I Ry. ¦ . - , ¦
For Eureka . (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. l:3O
P. m., Apr. 4, 10, 16. 22. 28. May 4. Spokan«.
I 1:30 p. m- Apr. 1, 7. 13. 19, 25. May 1.
| For Let Angeles (via Port Los 'Angeles as*
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursday*. 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Ean Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crux, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Hartord (Saa
• Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hucneme.
Santa Cruz. 9 a. m., Apr. 10. (Freight only.)
Bonltn. 8 a. m.. Apr. 5. 13. 21. 29. May T.
For Knsenada. Magdalena Bay. San Josa del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pas. Santa Ro-
ralia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th eacii
; month. For further Information . obtain folder.
i Right Is reserved to change steamers or sailing
dates.' — — - . ¦
- TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
I ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
j way wharves. Frelffht Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DOXA.VN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco. -
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st..' win
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residence*. Telephone Exchange 312.
NOME
—AND— •
ST. MICHAEL
THE Al FAST • -
S. S. ST. PAUL
CAPTAIN C. E. LINDQUIST.
(Carrying. U. S. Malls.)
ifBipJT.OM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT.^^^J
i JUNE .2 F». 7V\.
Connecting with the Company's Steamers for
Al; SEA POINTS. and at St.
Michael J wlth the Company's River Steamers
for Fairbanks and all points on KOYUKUK.
TANA N A and YUKON RIVERS.
- For Freight and Passage Apply to
\HORTHIEN COMMEECIAL CO.,
K3 Crossly bulldinc. Cor. Mission and New
Montgcmery sis., San Francisco.
6; /?. & N. cpgS
OREGON sails April 7. 17. 27, May 7, IT
and 27. GEO. W. ELDER sails April 12. 22.
May 2, 12 and 22. Only steamshlo line to
PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through ttck*ta
to all.Dolnta. Steamer tickets Include bertn
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st.. «c
11 a. ro. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass.
Dept.. ¦ 1 Montgomery St. : C. CLIFFORD. Gen.
Agent Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st. '
V^S-rf KOSMOS LINE.
KT&pJ&J . • (Magellan Route.)
WXMj Passenger Service— Through Wlth-
XijL&f/ out Chanze.
"HSfiSj) • S. v> S. "AMASIS." 7000 tonj.
¦ ".Tt- Captain C. Jansen. galling frwn
San Francisco on or about April 20. 1904. for
Lcndon. Hamburg and all principal port* in
Mexico. Central and South America. - For rates
and ' particulars apply at passenger office. «-U
Market St.; or ¦'. ¦ . .
LEXDAL M. GRAT. Manager.
; .129; Market si. San Franctsco. . - '
S.'S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck- .
. land and Sydney. Thurs.. Apr. 14. 8 p. m. .
S. S..MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Apr. 23. 11 a.- in.
S: S.'ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Apr. 23, 11 a.m.
I.D.SFBECXELS k BEOi COL,'lflS.',f iClBt 0SC8 643 M3T-
ist St., mmt Oiscs.329 Hariei St., . Pisr 7. PactL* sl
> C0XFA6NIE GENERALE ' TBAN3ATLANTIQ(J1 .
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARI3.. ' : -_ jr<9t: _
bailing cvtry Thursday loatead of •^gjggf*
Saturday, at 10 a.;m., from Pier 42. ->«B5e5»
North • River, foot of Morton st.
?:; First class ' to Havre. $70 ' and upward. . Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GKS-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED. -TATE3 AND
CANADA ' :J2 Broadway- ; (Hudson -bullalng). -
New York.J. F: FUGAZI & C<x.-. Paeific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue... ton Francisco.'
Tickets' 'sold, by fall Railroad ..Ticket. Agents.
' Mare Isianfl ana Vallajo Steamera. -
•Steamer GEN. FRISBIK or MONT1CELLO—
9-45 a m.. 3:15 and S:3l> p.";m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 0:45 a.- ro..- 8:30 p. m.', Leave- Vallsju
7 a m - 12 :30 and 6 , p." m.; ; except Sunday.
Sunday. -'7. a. m-'iMtW^ ro.' Fare.50 osnts.
Tel.- Main: : lflos. fler 2.- MUaion-*. CacJt.
-HATCH BROS. '¦'. , * ' •>.;
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ;
I Sensational Bargains |
REMEMBER, FOR THIS WEEK ONLY I
M Owing to our large manufacturing of Cloaks and Suits, as we I
H employ in our factory over 300 people, also having large contracts |
H coming daily from our branch factory in Ne\^T York, , we find that we |
h are absolutely crowded in our store at 1142 Market street' g
I $65,000 Worth of Cloaks and Suits
I We Must Unload Them. 1
h Therefore we give all the benefit to the ladies of Frisco *and the %
W surrounding towns at one-half price. It has never been known of ¦
H such great bargains in the beginning of the spring that we can only. J
I JUST THINK OF IT. a' NEW SPRING SUIT, made up in the |
H last fortjn'days, regular price in New York would be QlQ 7/T g
H $27.50; wt will place them for this week only at 9
S VERY GENTEEL SPRING SUITS, all sizes; regular price in &
at New York $35.00; we will place them this week only 'C|7'cA'l
H at ...................:.. v*'««5vf R
¦ Our large variety of" 3000 SKIRTS and tremendous line of 2000 |]
M __. JACKETS in Covert. Silk, Pongee and White Crepe and 800 §1
3 CHILDREN'S' tO ATS all will be placed on the same reduction. U
H Wcmust make roomi and we need money. M
M jM^^^ Wholesale Manufacturers M
1 J^^ 1142-1146 Market St. I
I |c c#»rvrH Hailv in i't''.'' | IH JafSTN Wll/i Ub /^ic^Jafe»B**^fc4 H
1 better than, :o*tKcrtransr (ttfiaE 'B^K^* J ?'^' I
Se for Topeka, Kansas City and. ' *<^' "W ' K
I South«n° Pacific 8 ticket officra. 1
S " C. A. RUTHERFORD, |a>rUHl1^m i
E • District Passenger Agent, gJapA jclUJ l.|^ft m
B 6*3 Market St!, San Francisco." Cal. • EParent of the Orchestra.
¦ The /first musical;, instrument .of the
human race was the drum: The sim-j
pie 'savage \ has the same/ delight in his
rat-tat-tat- as our/; children 1 to-day. He
is never weary . of hearing ¦ it and "will
sit >'¦• for -hours together— if he is /a
musician— trying, all sorts of * rhythmic
'experiments',, in its beating; arid \ fram
irig; countless changes ; in its time." The
Hurons of 'Canada, says ; GoodlWordsj
That odors move with the air or diffuse through It like
gases and do not pass through it in waves, a s sodnds do,
or in swiftly, moving particles like the radium emana
tions,^ seems to be conclusively shown by/ recent experi-
on the propagation of scents* through small tubes.
' In*: such tube's there f can be no general ¦ motion of the air
and the rate of travel . of an odor : is extremely slow. . That
; of • ammonia took o ver ;. two hours to get through a tube
: a* yard and a half long. The presence of the • ammonia
"could;- be*; detected! chemically -rat'about the' same' time
that its \ smell /was r noticed! > It seemed to" make i little "dif
ference in the speed:, whether/. the : tub'eiWas^heldlhorizon
.tally^or^vertlcallv^or whether r " the ,'odor. moved . uo or
'down/ /Z ' '-¦ * /*/' •¦-¦-¦"¦'"-."• .' r ' ' ¦' ¦': ¦/./."-.¦ --.-r ;;-;-/'; ;.¦-•
EVERYBODY in the United States who takes an in
terest in politics ! knows that the Brooklyn Eagle
desires above all things to see Grover Cleveland
re-elected to the Presidency. He also knows that the
desire of the Eagle will never be gratified. It is very
easy for the American people to have too much of Grover,
and they have had a great deal. of him already. Such
being the case, it may be interesting to those who like to
watch the curves of politics to note that the Eagle; de
prived of air hopes of its first choice, turns aside with an
easy flippancy and nominates as its second, choice a man
whom it describes as "the editor, of the New * York
Journal" and names as Arthur Brisbane. .
In advocating the; claims! of its second best candidate
the Eagle says: "The justice ofjiewspaper men every
where recognizes Mr. Brisbane as the Journal and the
Journal as Mr. Brisbane; This is as true of the multi
plied forms and reissues ' of, that paper in Boston, in Chi
cago, in San Francisco, in Los Angeles and elsewhere
as, it is in. the borough of, Manhattan: Mr. Brisbane is
as simultaneous as the" light, as pervasive as the- air, as
ubiquitous as a New jersey mosquito, yet as ; impersonal as
fate itself. His name nowhere appears in his productions.
Many of them actually appear under»or over, the name of
quite another person. There are those who , believe
that he has made that other man, as the Lord made' the
¦vyorld, by the word of his power, 4 in the space of six days,
and all very good, or as. good as could be expected. But
Mr. Brisbane has never claimed this. He-is as: modest
as he is anonymous or as he is, so to say, multi hominous.'
This is already well understood, but it is bound to become:
even better understood." /"-/ <, : -
¦ - ¦ • ¦ ¦ • ¦.. ¦ -
Not content with advocating, Mr.^ Brisbane ; as ; second
Rev. Dr. Rayne — I see they have not
ordered your church closed. However,
you consider your/church Itself a fire
escape, do you not?
Rev. Dr. Snow— Not at all; brother.
It is a fire extinguisher.— Chicago
Tribune.
CHESS— W. M.. Oakland, Cal. The
origin of chess is unknown. Many
learned scholars have written upon the
subject, appealing to history and phil
ology to support their assertions and
theories. It has been , ascribed to a
Chinese Mandarin named Han Sing,
who, it is said, invented ' It as "an
amusement for his soldiers when In
winter quarters about' 174 B. C. It was
called the science of war. ' Sir William
Jones, the great Sanscrit scholar,
claimed that {Hindu traditions, the
names of the pieces and . other partic
ulars indicate that chess was played
in India in its earliest times. In his
vorks he set forth that a learned
Brahmin had assumed him that the
game is mentioned' in several 'of the
oldest* books of India, in which it is
declare*! that it was invented by the
wife of one of the most ancient Kings
of Ceylon to -amuse that monarch
while Rama was besieging his me
tropolis/ This by the "reckoning" in In
dia ; was between two and three thou
sand I years prior to the Christian era.
Other Sanscrit scholars think the game
was : invented in India i by Buddhists
some time between the third and ninth
centuries, A. D., but this theory is in
consistent .with -.: the ¦/ unwarllke nature
of the Buddhists, and the fact that the
Hindu name ' of the game, "chaturan
ga,". is a military name, signifying the
game / of :; armies, corresponding with
the /Chinese name for 5 chess. -
A DARK HORSE.
When Diamonds Burn.
"Ladies to whom their jewels are
precious should regard their treasures
with greater regard to-day," says the
St. James Gazette of March 23, "for
this is the anniversary of the discovery
that, diamond is but carbon like unto
charcoal and blacklead, arid at the
proper temperature friable as either.
It was in the Academy del Cimento at
Florence that Faraday and Sir Hum
phrey Davy made the experiment,
using the great burnk.g-glass of the
Duke of ; Tuscany for the purpose.'^ '-'A
glass globe was exhausted of air and
filled with pure oxygen.' The diamond
was supported in the center of 'this
globe by a rod of platinum, to the ! top
of which a cradle or cup was fixed, to
allow a free circulation of the gas
about the' diamond. The burning
gl^ss consisted of; two double convex
lenses, each ./distant , from the other
about 3% feet. The heat from the
sun was concentrated upon the dia
mond for three-quarters of an hour.
When, however, an obstruction of the
sun's, rays was removed, Da Vy
served the diamond to burn. It glowed
brilliantly with ; a- scarlet • light, lnclin-;
Ing to purple, and^when placed in the
dark. continued .-'to burn for four,min
utes. . The ; flame having been .ex
tinguished, the experiment/ was twice
repeated, at the end of which the dia
mond, was /entirely consumed, and so
we had the. knowledge, obtained at
price,, that the gem Is pure carbon."
An unfortunate man so evilly conditioned as to be an
inmate of the Sacramento County Hospital was given
carbolic acid the other day instead of a dose of salts
and he promptly died. Can it be possible that the
health authorities of Sacramento are seeking to emulate
those of San Francisco in one of their recognized
specialties ?W| V ¦,".,.¦
ALABASTER— Subscriber, City. The
chief supply of alabaster, which is
gypsum, from which plaster of parls is
made, from^hich many j artistic arti
cles are manufactured, is from Sienna
and other places in Tuscany. The
principal places where the articles are
manufactured are Florence, Milan,
Leghorn and Voltera. Alabaster is
made in large quantities In Grand
Rapids,- Mich., where there are extens
ive beds of gypsum.
FIVE HUNDRED— N. N. N., City.
This department cannot give you any
Information relative to the playing of
500 other than what appears in the
rules that are furnished with the score
tablets.
OF late some of the most influential: journals in
Great Britain have been undertaking an exposure
of the excesses to which the exercise of municipal
control of public utilities has been carried by some of the
cities of the kingdom. The excesses, it appears, are nu
merous and costly, so that "municipal trading," as the
British call it, is evidently becoming a very serious mat
ter to taxpayers.
A recent review, of some of the results of the move
ment toward municipal control says' the advocates of the
system wish the city government of London to enter
upon % the construction and operation of iooo miles of
municipal tramways. It then adds: "On some forty
miles, on one of the richest traffic routes in the world, the
Council lost £2250 last year. What a cheerful result
might we expect from t%e working of a thousand! No
business man would think of managing a thousand miles
of tramway by attending an occasional committee meet
ing. When Lord Claude Hamilton became chairman of
the Great Eastern Railway he found it necessary to resign
his political positfon, which was one of some eminence.
But gentlemen like Mr. Burns and Mr. Benn of the Lon
don County Council . would manage you a dozen railways
while punctually occupying their places in the House of
Commons and the Council chamber. We cannot get
away from our scientific theory - that radium is ;to be
found, not only in pitchblende, but also in the brains of
municipal representatives." . - ¦] . / \ -
It is not worth while .trying to figure out what the
Londoners would lose on a thousand miles of railway
through the city generally if they i are now .losing over
$11,000 a year on a forty-mile system in one 'of the
richest traffic districts. The. significant/ point is that the
repeated failures of municipal control- do^not in the
slightest degree moderate the; zeal of the Socialists for
f u rther . experiments. ; . If the ¦ theory of : our London ' con
temporary , be true, and radium exists in the brains • of
municipal representatives, then the energy of that won
derful substance must be 'directed mainly to making
wheels revolve like buzz, saws.' •
RADIUM; ON THE BRAIN.
'Answers to Queries.
"WEIGHT— C. R., Lompoc, Cal. In
the United States a pound avoirdupois
Is sixteen ounces. The Prussian pound
is 16^ ounces.
Knew His Man.
Captain Drake, head of the ordnance
department at Mare Island, is a firm
friend of the man before the mast. This
has been proven more than once, with
the result that there Is hardly a day
passes that he is not compelled to listen
to the tale of woe of some old salt who
imagines that he has a grievance.
' It was only a few days ago that an
old sailor named Murphy, whose coat
sleeve was almost covered with service
stripes and who -has for several months
past been quartered on the receiving
ship Independence, found his way to
Captain Drake's office.
"Well, Murphy," said Captain Drake
after the old salt had doffed his cap
and saluted, "what can I do for you?"
Murphy grinned, saluted again, start
ed to say something, stammered and
commenced twisting "his cap around.
Drake got busy around his desk in or
der to give the old fellow a chance to
recover himself, and then after a short
silence up a sheet of official
paper and began writing. In the mean
time Murphy moved uneasily from one
foot to another, but uttered never, a
word. It was only when Captain Drake,
after writing rapidly for a few mo- ;
ments>had blotted and carefully folded
the sheet upon . which he had been
writing and handed it to the old tar
that the latter spoke. Then he simply
said, "Thanky, sir," placed the letter
in his cap, saluted and walked out.
As he left a guither came in. Drake
laughed and said, "Old Murphy has
been at sea so long that when, he gets
shore duty he gets 'homesick.' I just
gave, him a letter suggesting that he
be sent to sea again. The old rascal
knew I knew what he wanted when
he came in here. This makes about the
sixth letter like this I have written for
him."
Delayed Justice.
The sentencing of Charles Cackley tft
ten years' imprisonment by an Iowa
court thirty-six years after he had
murdered a constable, the prisoner hav
ing lived an upright, exemplary life
in the Interval, is a pathetic example
of inexorable justice, and reminds one
of the hapless fortunes of Jean Val
jean in Hugo's moving story. Cackley
had married and had reared a family,
who knew nothing of his crime and
of the indictment hanging over him.
His identity was discovered through
an application' for a pension, from
which circumstance it is assumed that
he had rendered patriotic service. He
is now an old man, and the court,
doubtless in recognition of his age, was
merciful and gave him a comparatively
light sentence. The law must be vin
dicated, no matter how strong may be
the appeal to one's sympathies; but.
many who read the narrative will re
gret that the prisoner did not remain
a fugitive from justice to the end of
his life. The incident shows, at any
rate, that there Is latent virtue some
times in persona guilty of grave crimes.
The better nature of the Iowa mur
derer seems to have asserted itself for
thirty-six years, but such a considera
tion could not, in the stern judgment
of the law, atone for the grave crime
committed in his early manhood.
WE believe it is the experience of our business
community that Chinese exclusion laws should
discriminate between the coolie laborer and the
Chinese merchant. This discrimination is provided in
our treaty with China which expires within a year.
The real strength of coolie exclusion is in the -opinions
of those who reasonably regard it as wise economics. Its
weakness is in the use of the issue f«^r political purposes
by those who have a demagogue's fondness for appealing
to prejudice instead of reason. The former class know
how much our Chinese trade depends upon the Chinese
merchants. They supplement our white merchants and
do not compete with them. If we exclude Chinese mer
chants, then our trade with their country must depend
entirely upon sending and establishing American mer
chants there." But suppose China act upon her undoubted
reciprocal right to exclude American merchants? In such
case our trade falls at once.
It is necessary to put some attention into this view of
the case, inasmuch as Senator Patterson of Colorado,
with a zeal born entirely of political ambition, is striving
to include Chinese merchants in the provisions of the ex
clusion law. Such a policy does not affect his State, but
it does directly and vitally affect California. The first
section of the existing exclusion act has the clause: "So
far as the same are not inconsistent with treaty obliga
tions." The treaty obliges us to admit merchants upon
proper identification. Senator Patterson proposes to
strike that clause, out of the' act and if this is done mer
chants are excluded.
This coast faces China and looks to Eastern Asia for
trade just as the Atlantic seaboard looks to Europe.
Does any one imagine, that if Senator Patterson proposed
a policy as destructive of Atlantic coast trade the
commercial centers of the East would submit to such
tinkering? -If we submit to it here we must be content to
see «, Chinese- trade go to the Canadian Pacific 'Coast
points. The exclusion of coolies is~ in the interest of
American labor. Chinese commerce is in the interest of
American labor. To exclude the merchants on whom
that trade depends is to injure that commerce and there
fore to injure American lab<5r.
" It is easy for the zealot and the demagogue to go too
far and Senator Patterson is already over the line. A
study of the records of the custom-house' in this city will
convince any California working man, or business man,
of the relation of Chinese merchants to our commerce
with China. Every exchange made through their* agency
is in the interest of American labor, as is all commerce,
domestic and foreign. If we cut off that trade we obso
lete American labor and stop American wages to that ex
tent. All of our Asiatic shipping and commercial inter
ests should be watchful of the propositions of the Colo
rado Senator and of similar propositions by whomsoever
offered.
CHINESE EXCLUSION.
Arpeggio Study.
BY A NICE TERHUNE.
<Sor.R Writer.)
Copyright. 1HC4. by Joseph B. Bowles.)
Before bringing to a close my series
t»r music talks it would seem best to
pive a few practic^ supgestions in re
gard to advanced arpeggio study for
We have already dealt with the or
dinary method* of studying the arpeg
gio, but Ihere are other arpeggio forms
of much wider range which our pupil
will find of infinite value as time goes
en, and these it is my purpose to ex
plain to you to-day.
Let the jiupil start on C, two octaves
below the middle of the piano. Placing
the fifth finger of his left hand upon
this note he ascends by way of a
••diminished" chord— that is, he strikes
K flat, then G flat, A and then C again.
In this way he goes up the scale for
four octaves, using his first finger
(thumb) in place of the fifth on C
as he begins each group. The fourth
finger is to be used on E flat, the third
on G flat and the second on A. Thus
the scale runs C. E flat, G flat, A. C.
K flat. G flat, A. for four octaves. When
the C at the top of the fourth octave is
reached it is struck by the fifth finger
of the right hand instead of the thumb
of the left, as would naturally be sup
posed. The right hand in this, way
picks up the thread of motion and
travels down the piano over the same
rotes used by the left hand in ascend
ing. The fifth finger, as mentioned
above, starts on C, the fourth takes A,
the third G flat, the second E flat and
the first fingrer C each time until the
eiudent is finally carried back to the
point from which he started.
This arpeggio should be practiced
with the metronome, if possible, as it
is much easier to acquire a steady,
even swing and to increase. the tempo
in proper ratio if the metronome does
the counting, so to speak.
Every C should be strongly accented,
end the exercise should be played a
number of times in succession before
finally stopping on the lower C.
The fingers must be raised very high
end the notes struck with great firm
ness in the slower forms of the exer
cise, but as the pupil increases the
tempo he must play more lightly, em
phasizing only the accented notes,
vhkh are to be used as pivots on
which to swing the whole phrase.
After the pupil has played the ex
ercise four times, in a moderate
tempo, with the accent as described
above, he must stop for a moment on
C. relax, and then begin again. This
time the accent must come on the sec
ond note in the group. This arpeggio
form is excellent for study, as it brings
the accent on the fourth finger in each
hand.
The fourth finger is? always the
weakest in an arpeggio, and unless it
is under very good control will be
apt to slight the notes allotted to it
in a rapid arpeggio of ordinary form.
•The accenting process does away
v.ith any tendency to slight notes,
however, and the value of practicing
arpeggios in this way will at once be
seen.
Next, the accent must be moved up
one note, bringing it on G flat. Each
form must be practiced a certain num
ber of times, after which the pupil
must move the accent up one note.
He must continue doing this until he
finds himself where C becomes the
accented note once more.
"l^ he progresses he will find the
jna.trw» of accenting a little compli
cated, but it will not trouble him if
he works it' out exactly according to
the rules I have laid down for the
first three forms. If he can realize
that the accent simply moves up the
jiiano. while the exercise is stationary,
and that though this brings apparently
a shortage of notes at the upper end
of the arpeggio, they all catch up at
the lower end, he will have no trouble.
The principle is really Just like that
of the old game "Going to Jerusalem,"
which every one has, I am sure, played
in his or her childhood. In this game,
it will be remembered, there is al
ways one chair less than the number
of people who play the game, and as
each time one chair is removed, thus
making it necessary for one person to
leave the ranks, those left out all con-
Krrgate at one side of the room. So
while the number marching around
the chairs becomes steadily smaller
the company of people standing at the
other side of the room becomes pro
portionately larger until finally all are
together again.
This is the best Imaginable simile for
the arpeggio form as I have Just griven
it to you, for as the notes at th« top
grow fewer they seem to congregate
at the bottom, while the exercise, los
ing no rhythm by the changing of the
accent, goes on and on, being swung
back and forth on the eYer prominent
accent.
After the pupil has conquered all the
difficulties in this form of the arpeggio
he must take the next.
In this form the second finger
changes half a tone, making the notes
to be played C, E fiat, G flat. A flat
and C.
This is to be treated exactly as the
first exercise, with the accent creep
ing gradually upward as before.
After this comes another form. In
this the second finger goes back to Its
first position on A natural, and it is
the third finger that changes, lowering
touch their drum with indescribable
skill. They have innumerable turns
of the hand and tricks of style which
one cannot help but admire. That the
rhythm can very well depict of itself
many things is self-evident. The dif
ference between joy and sorrow, be
tween the jubilance of victory and the
depression of defeat is too obvious a
thing that few would fall to recognize
It. The drum Is not only an Instru
ment of music, but the great Instru
ment of joy and social intercourse
among uncivilized races, inasmuch as
it is the constant accompaniment of
the dance. We are not half such per
sistent dancers as our unsophisticated
brethren. "While we limit our revels
to the small hours of the night once
or twice a month, it may be, they are
always at it — at morning, at midnight,
in the afternoon or evening, it matters
not. Wherever a shady spot presents
itself or a frfendly company Is assem
bled this offers a fair opportunity for
a dance, and off they go dancing
where we should only indulge in a lit
tle conversation. To accompany the
dance, as we said, and to mark the
measure of the feet, the drum Is most
useful, and, indeed, indispensable.
With Its strong accented rhythm it
keeps all ihe dancers right and is as
exhilarating and Inspiring to them as
the strains of the violin and orchestra
to ourselves. '*•--
An Oakland woman, accused as a thief, slid down a
house leader pipe twenty-five feet to the ground and
escaped a few days ago. It was to be expected that
Oakland would supply this startling demonstration of
the . versatility of the new woman. It is time for the
masculine members of the protective order of thieves
to protest with appropriate resolutions.
Their Little "Arcady.
'Way up on Telegraph Hill, just
where the beginnings of Chestnut
street waver along the verge of the
quarry, there is a little old cottage of
a weather beaten visage and cracked
roof which stands there poised in mid
air over the bay beneath, a mere phan
tom, shade of its * departed glory. In
that crazy old house there has lived
for the last thirty-five years a little
old Frenchman and his good woman.
They moved in there in the days when
some of the "nobs" of the city de
lighted to honor Telegraph Hill with
their presence, and now ,when all of
the old houses are becoming swarming
rookeries and the streets are the prov
ince of an army of tiny, sun-browned
Italians, old M. Cazat and neat little
Mme. Cazat a.r» left stranded upon this
Inhospitable re^f like some gallant
ships of the "roaring forties," speared
through on a desolate rock.
. Behind the house there is a little
garden, all laid out in tiny walks
hedged with abalone shells. There,
with the hollies and the flaring nastur
tiums, the sweet mignonette and the
marigolds, is one so-lltary orange tree,
strange exile on this crag of bleak
winds and fogs. Beneath the strag
gling foliage M. Cazat has long ago
built him a little arbor, very small,
very cozy, just a little lattice work
with some Roman ivy trailing over It
in vagrant festoons and a rustic table
propped up on grapevine supports set
nicely in the middle of the bower.
Every afternoon in these long spring
days and in the later summer when
the wind does not bite and the fog
does not lift up its . gray arms from
the bay below, M. and M.me. Cazat be
take themselves to their little vine
cjad retreat, he with his Figaro or
Monde Illustre, she with her dainty em
broidery work or knitting, there Ux sit
the whole drowsy afternoon through,
as far away from the great roaring
world below and around them as ever
a Pyramis and Thisbe in old Arcady.
"Tout le monde may go on an' on la
bas," chirps M. Cazat with his quiet
smile as he waves his pipestem over
to where the murky cloud from the
city smudges the blue sky through the
interstices in the bower, "but Mme.
Cazat and I myself, we are not of it.
A rich man, a poor man down zare,
he work morning to night for what
for gold, la misere an' at last, la mort,
the death. For us, Mme. Cazat and
myself, voila. we seet in za sun."
- .-. . * ¦¦ ¦ » •¦
THE Sacramento Bee sounds the right note fonCali
fornia's future in exploiting the small farm idea for
the Sacramento Valley. In this connection the Bee
says that fruit planting. needs no further stimulus and
that settlers may profitably have their attention diverted
to variorum farming: . - ...;
We are of the opinion that the fruit planting develop
ment is to be in the foothills that border the valley. The
red soil of the foothills is pre-eminently the fruit soil. It
has a capacity for holding moisture that is not found in
the sedimentary soils of the valley. If kept weir filled,
so that the finely broken surface serves as a mulch, the
foothill soil is able to withstand any drought and pro
duce a crop without any or at most with a very, little irri
gation. The quality of the fruit is excellent. ' \*
Industries develop on the line of natural selection and
this is the reason that on both sides of the railroad, from
Roseville to Applegate and beyond, stretch a series of
fruit farms, small plantations, that make the most pleas
ing Scene to be found in the w$ld. Set among the
orchards of deciduous fruits and olives and small vine
3'ards are orange plantations, figs and houses surrounded
with palms and ornamental trees, that make a picture
that is hung upon no othe*r hills in the world.
But on the plains in the valley are the best conditions
for small farming, in which fruit may be an incident but
not the main object of farming. Alfalfa, root crops,
truck farming and berries, livestock of all kinds, poultry
and dairying offer there the best rewards that rural labor
can win. The sedimentary soil is alluvial and rich and
when the various means of irrigation are in use it offers
every facility the small farmer can 'desire. As for irri
gation it is by no means everywhere necessary to wait
for the accomplishment of great projects for the diver
sion of rivers or the storage and distribution of storm
waters. - Ground water is abundant and pump irrigation
is cheap and easily applied. The late Dr. Blowers of
Yolo County was one of the pioneers of this method of
irrigation, and by its use he first proved the possibility of
raisin production. That industry in the valley has lapsed
and been transferred to the irrigation and white ash lands
of Fresno and the Sacramento 1 Valley is being more and
more devoted to variorum farming.
The Bee is right in saying that our capacity for fruit
production abundantly advertises itself by its conquest of
the Eastern market, and that we should turn to the pro
saic but profitable bale of alfalfa hay as an advertisemeh't
of the capacity of the valley to support dairying, live
stock and general farming. Eastern farmers are trained
for these branches of the business. Fruit culture they
have to learn, and in the process they often encounter
discouraging failure. But they can apply to general
farming an experience already acquired.
The Eastern man who is well located on eighty acres
of land in the Sacramento Valley will astonish himself
by the results. He will find himself in the receipt of a
net income from that acreage greater than his toil could
wring from a half section in the East. His stock thrives
and comes earlier to market, because it is not retarded
in growth by a hard winter, and his work goes on
unvcxed by the hard weather which in the East makes
many months of eachtyear a mere struggle for existence.
Then he can here more easily change entirely or greatly
vary his industries. The transfer of the use of his land
from one crop to another is a matter of months only in
stead of years and he loses no time in the process.
A country and climate that permit intensive and great
ly varied farming are marked by nature for the home of
the small land holder. In that respect no part of the
United States can compete with California and no part
of California excels the Sacramento Valley. There a
farmer can have his house shaded by palms and sur
rounded by an orange grove that supplies his family. with
that wholesome fruit. His family garden and orchard
will produce something for his use every day in the year
and he may work easily, live well and secure a compe
tency sooner than anywhere else outside of California.
It is an encouraging sign that the press of the State
takes space from politics and controversy to devote it to
these economic matters. This is turning the attention of
the people from those things that divide to those that
unite them and the State already feels the benefit of this
new impulse. When Eastern men know our advantages
well and realize that here a farmer may pump water for
irrigation by.electricity, light buildings with it and use it
for power in many operations, this, added to our other
advantages, will increase the tide of desirable immigra
tion and the number of our prosperous and contented
citizens.
the tone to F, and making the notes
C, E flat, F, A, C.
When the pupil has familiarized him
self with this he must change the ex
ercise again, and this time the second
finger is to do the changing. This will
make the notes C. D (E double flat),
G flat, A and C. It will be seen that
in this way every finger in turn\has
the benefit of the accent, and also that
every Imaginable form of note group
ing that could be of use in arpeggios
is brought in. The fingers are strength
ened .and stretched at the same time
and are benefited in many ways be
sides the mere simple finger practice
that an ordinary study of arpeggios can
give. >
Next in order comes another arrange
ment of the exercise. In this the sec
ond finger raises the sound half a tone,
making the notes to be played C, E
flat, G flat, B flat and C.
This must be taken through all the
accents, after which comes the next
form, in which the third finger is raised
half a tone,' and the notes thus become
C. E flat. G, A and C.
. After this comes C, E natural. G flat,
A, C.
Then comes still another variety of
arpeggio, in which both the fourth and
third fingers are raised half a tone,
making- the notes C, E natural, G nat
ural. A and C.
Next comes C, D, F, A, C, which ar
rangement is Just the opposite of the
one before it, as it lowers the fourth
and third fingers half a tone.
After this comes two more forms, C,
E flat, G natural, B flat, C, and C, E
flat, F, A and C. These complete the
set of arpeggio exercises, and when the
pupil has mastered them all he will
have studied the arpeggio in practi
cally every conceivable form known in
music. These different forms are nat
urally not all intended for practice at
once. On the contrary, one form at
a time is quite engugh, and the pupil
should not go from one form to another
until he has perfected each little de
tail, step by step.
In the lesson to-day I have given
the student enough material to last him
a year if conscientiously practiced, and
if at the end of a year he has faith
fully studied his arpeggios along the
lines here laid out I am certain that he
will keen right on practicing them as
long as he has anything to do with the
piano.
These arpeggio forms are excellent
helps to keep one in good practice, for
they accomplish more things at once
than does almost any other branch of
piano work. For instance, there is the
finger practice. It must be Just as ac
curate in the arpeggios as in the scales,
and there is not the chance for slov
enly playing here that there is in scale
playing, for one is naturally more
exact and particular because of the in
tervals between the notes, which neces
sitate care and concentration on the
part of the performer if the tone of
each note is to be properly brought
out. Then there Is the strengthening
and stretching process already alluded
to, and the practice in rhythm, to say
nothing of the familiarity with the dif
ferent tone intervals that Is to be
gained in this waj. Last, but not
least, the alternating free motion of the
arms keeps the whole body in a state
of relaxation,* and the rests, first in one
hand and then the other, make it pos
sible to keep up these exercises for al
most any length of time without weari
ness.
In addition to this v the pupil's or
dinary scale playing jwlll be greatly
benefited by his arpeggio practice, for
after the different stretches between
the notes comprising the arpeggio
forms the ordinary scale will be found
to run most easily and naturally. The
student must, of course, understand
that each arpeggio form must be fol
lowed to its legitimate conclusion and
that in every case the accent must be
carried up the four octaves. On this
point I wish to make myself quite
plain, lest after having raised the ac
cent four times and being brought by
this means to the point where the be
ginning of the accent comes on the C
an octave above where he originally
started the pupil imagines that he has
finished that part of the exercise, or at
least has pursued the accent as far as
is necessary. On the contrary, his
work is at this point only one-quarter
done, and he must keep right on chang
ing his accent until he has elevated its
starting point sixteen times, thus ulti
mately bringing the beginning of the
accent four octaves higher than it
started, and, in other words, to the
top of the arpeggio.
If the student is very enterprising
and anxious to improve every oppor
tunity for advancement he may (after
he has conquered all the difficulties in
the arpeggios herein described and has
worked each form uplto a high rate
of speed, with the aid* of the metro
nome) invert the whole exercise and
begin all over again, working up grad
ually. By inverting I mean in this case
beginning on low C, as before, but
with the right hand this time instead
of the left- By this change the" right
hand plays all the ascending arpeggios
and the left hand the descending. It
is twice as difficult as the other exer
cise, but it is magnificent practice when
taken in conjunction with the first ex
ercise, for, as the student will readily
see, there is thus no point left uncov
ered. I have purposely left this great
arpeggio- exercise until to-day,, because
this is to be our last lesson, and I wish]
to leave the pupil with plenty of mate-'
rial to work on, so that his Interest and
enthusiasm may not cease with these
articles.
It seems to me v tbat I jcould write
forever on this limitless subject of mu
sic*study, but all things must come to
an end some time,' so I now take leave
of my pupil, with the earnest hope that
he will not let his progress stop here,
but will push on and some' time' do
great things in the musical world.
In closing. I wish to tender my grate
ful acknowledgment to the readers of
these lessons, who have become to, me
almost personal friends through the
many letters I have recelved'testlfying
to their interest and appreciation. *
choice for first place on the Democratic ticket, the Eagle
further says that if he fail to get the first place he should
get the second. The argument is simple. The Eagle
says Parker will doubtless get the first place and there
fore, in the interests of party harmony, Brisbane should
be named, for Vice President because "He stands for all
there is' against Cleveland or Parker in the Democratic
party." It goes on to add that the "brilliant" exponent
of yellow journalism should be/made to take, off his mask
and get into the ring in place of the dummy he has been
trying to foist upon the country. . ¦
All of which sounds excellent and sincere, but there is
doubtless enough irony in it to furnish railery for a trans
continental railroad.
SMALL FARMS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, vAPRIL, 13, 190^.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO GALE
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. .... ... . . . . Address AU Commanications to JOHN KcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Offlco *.... <^^^^^ > ¦ * * Third and Market Streets, S. F.
WEDNESDAY. ......./.. t //™ ....../.:.........;. ;//. /_
- Special information supplied dally, to
business ¦ houses and : public men by the
Press-CUpping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1043,' •'.
Townsend's California Glace fruits and
choice, candles, in artistic flre-etched
boxes.- A nice present for Eastern friends.
715 Market- street, above Call building. •
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESjTame snakes are used in Morocco to
clear houses of rats and mice.
In an affidavit on which the attach
ment was granted Meyer says that on
August 1, 1901,- Dr. Webb was the own
er of income bonds which had been is
sued by the Mohawk and Malone Rail
road Company, .of the par value of
$3,900,000, and, induced him (Meyer) to
purchase them by falsely representing
that the New York Central and Hud
son River Railroad Company was de
sirous cf purchasing the bonds and
had, through its officials, offered to
purchase them for a price exceeding
$3,900,000, but that he (Dr. Webb) . did
not desire to sell to the New York
Central and Hudson River Railroad
Company because certain of its di
rectors ,were related to him by mar
riage and might be criticized if they
purchased directly from him, while If
they purchased the bonds from a
stranger neither he nor they would be
subject to criticism. '
"These representations," says the af
fidavit, "were made to me, with the
knowledge of their falsity on the part
of the defendant and. with intent to
cheat and defraud me for the purpose
of inducing me, in reliance thereon,
to pay him the sum of $3,900,000, which
was largely in excess of the actual
value of the bonds, to the extent of
$400,000."
NEW YORK, April 12.— Justice
Blanchard in the Supreme Court to
day issued an attachment In an ac
tion brought by Arthur L. Meyer
against the property of Dr. W. Seward
Webb in this State. The attachment
was served.
The suit is brought to recover $400,
000, with interest from December 15,
1901. ,
Plaintiff Says He Was In
duced to Buy Securities
iii Excess of Their Value
ATTACHMENT IS ISSUED
Alleged to Be Due
on Fraudulent iUnul. Sale
New. Yorker Sues to Recover
SAYS DR. WEBB
CHEATED HIM
Late returns from the Alabama elec
tions seem to show that Richard P. Hob
son, the heroTtf Merrimac fame, has been
defeated at the polls. Hovr soon great
deeds seom to be forgotten unless one
buys a gas range. from S. F. Gas and
Electric Co., 416 Post St. •
Hearst Wins In New Haven.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., April 12.-— ¦
In the Democratic city primaries to
day the Hearst^ ticket carried ten of
thp fifteen wards and the supporters
of Mr. Hearst claim forty-six of the
seventy-one delegates.
Hudson County for Parker.
JERSEY CITY, N. J., April 12.—
The delegates from Hudson County to
the State Democratic convention to
night resolved to support a resolution
in the State convention to instruct the
State delegation for Judge Parker.
BOSTON, April 12. — The support
ers of Richard Olney of Boston as a
candidate for the. Presidential nomin
ation of the Democratic party have
attained a long lead in the primaries
over the friends of William R. Hearst.
Returns from 117 cities and towns
out of a total of 353 indicate that 491
delegates to the State convention .were
either instructed or have expressed
preference for Olney, while 180 are
Hearst men. These figures include
the city of Boston, which elected 235
Olney men out of a delegation of 239.
Outlook in Many Cities Is Favorable
to Massachusetts Man.
OLNEV LEADS HEARST.
HELENA, April 12.— The Repub
lican State Convention to-day indorsed
the administration of President Roose
velt and Instructed its delegates to
vote for him. The resolutions oppose
the repeal of the desert land laws. In
dorse the work' of Congressman Dixon,
ask for protection against abuse of
the forest reserve law and indorse
President Roosevelfa action in the
postofllce scandals.
The most pronounced incident of the
convention was a demonstration in
dorsing Former Senator Thomas H.
Carter, who was turned down by his
county convention yesterday. The dele
gates elected to Chicago are Joseph
M. Dixon, Lee Mantle, James "WV Free
man, Thomas H. Carter, Conrad Kohfs
and John E. Edwards.
Republican State Convention Indorses
the Administration. -
MONTANA FOR ROOSEVELT.
State Convention in Kansas Declares
for William R. Hearst.
TOPEKA, Ivans., April 12.— The Pop
ulist State Convention met here to-day
and adjourned without making any
nominations. It will meet in Topeka
again on August 3, at which time an
effort will be made to fuse with the
Democrats. A State convention of
Democrats will be held here on the
Fame date. William R, Hearst was in
dorsed in the following language:
"Resolved, That it is the sense of this
convention that to bring about co-op
eration between the electors of the
People's party and the lectors of the
Democratic party in Kansas this year
it will be absolutely necessary for the
Democratic National Convention in St.
Louis in July next to nominate William
R. Hearst, or some equally pronounced
reformed Democrat for President." :
. ? .
nrFFALO. N. y., April 12.— The carliarn
and pair.t »-hop of the International Traction
Ompany at Cold Fprings. togrtner with a
r.irn.twr of cars, were burned to-day. Liom
J 1 ( •'¦ 4-t rO
»
POPCLISTS WANT FUSION.
BIRMINGHAM. Ala., April 12.—
Fuller returns from yesterday's Dem
ocratic primary election confirm the
nomination of B. B. Comer as presi
dent of the Alabama Railroad Com
mission by an overwhelming major
ity.
All of the present Alabama Con
presFmen have been renominated and
J. Thomas Heflin. Secretary of State,
"rill probably succeed the late Charles
Thompson as representative from the
Fifth District.
Early returns indicate that a large
number of the delegates elected to the
Ftate convention will be in favor of
pending an uninstructed delegation to
the National Convention !n St. Louis.
The close Congressional race was
that between John H. Bankhead and
Capt-iin Richmond P. Hobson in the
Sixth District. Present figures show
that Bankhead will be nominated by
a majority of between 400 and D00.
Indications That Alabama Democratic
Delegates Will Be Unpledged.
CAPTAIN I1OBSOX BEATEN.
Delegate Rogers of Ormsby paid
compliments to Hearst as a "national
profligate," and caused much merri
ment. The Nevada delegates are
pledged to support Roosevelt in the
national convention. Resolutions in
dorsing George S. Nixon", a prominent
banker of WInnemucca, for United
States Senator were adopted. The fol
lowing delegates were selected: E. S.
Farrington, P. L. Flannigan, R. S.
Meacham. S. A. v Lee, F. R. McNamee
and B. H. Reliners. r •
VIRGINIA, Nev., April 12. — A large
attendance marked the opening of the
Republican State Convention in this
city to-day. Lincoln was the only
county not represented. W. W. Wil
liams of Churchill was chairman.
Mention of President Roosevelt's ad
ministration and the stand of the
Republican party toward labor and the
irrigation canal in this State provoked
prolonged applause. The delegates all
feel hopeful of victory in Nevada this
fall.
of Administration.
ROOSEVELT IS COMMENDED.
Republicans of Nevada Praise Work
NEW YORK, April 12.— The Jury to
day disagreed in the action brought by
the United States agralnst Charles F.
W. Neely. former director of finance of
the postofllccs of Cuba, In which an at
tempt was made to officially fix the
amount of Neely*s alleged peculations
between January and May. 1900. •
Judge Lacombe. sitting In the United
States Circuit Court, where the suit
was tried, made several efforts to get
the Jury to agre«, but failed and dis
charged It after being assured by the
foreman and several of the Jurymen
that an agreement was impossible*
The attorneys for the Government
contended that by documentary evi
dence they ha4 shown that Xeely's
peculations during the three months
mentioned amounted to about $45,000.
The attorney for Neely argued that the
Cuban act of amnesty freed his client
Irom all criminal and civil liability.
Special Attorney General Jones said
the Government would retry the case
at once.
Federal Counsel Claims That
Defendant Stole $45,000
Within Three Months
To this end we demand the protection and
permanency of all civil and political rights
of our citizens without discrimination as to
race or color. We ask Congress to make in
quiry whether any State has limited, for any
cause, the elective franchise, and if so limited
that the number of its representatives In
Congress be reduced in proportion to the num
ber of voters so disfranchised as provided In
the fourteenth amendment; also to see that
the fifteenth amendment is In no way violated,
either directly or by subterfuge. '
is- indorsed and the party representa
tives in Congress are commended, spe
cial reference being: made to the serv
ices of Senator T. C. Platt. \
When the chairman read the instruc
tions to the delegates to "use all hon
orable means" to bring about the nomi
nation of President Roosevelt enthusi
asm again broke forth and three cheers
were given in the President's honor.
Former United States Senator War
ner Miller then Introduced the resolu
tion presented at the last national
convention by Senator Quay, asking
Congress to investigate the alleged dis
franchisement of negroes in Southern
States. The resolution, follows:
The permanency of a republican- government
is based upon a pure and free ballot. We are
opposed to either Its corruption by money, or
Its limitation, by depriving any citizen of the
United Stales anywhere of the right to deposit
his vote, except foi causes permitted by the
constitution.
The President's action touching the
Panama canal is indorsed and the en
actment is favored of such legislation
"as shall give to American built ships,
officered and manned by American citi
zens, the carrying of the larger part of
our foreign commerce, in order that the
nation shall have both the ships and
men as resource of defense in event of
trouble/ and In order that American
worklngmen may have the benefit and
of the ships employed in doing
our foreign carrying."
The principle of a protective tariff is
upheld and the freedom of the ballot,
without discrimination as to race or
color, is demanded.
The administration of Governor Odell
The platform reaffirms the devotion
of the Republicans of New York and
confidence in the principles of their
party. It declares that the election and
inauguration of William McKinley and
the restoration to power of a party
pledged to the encouragement of do
mestic activity, an honest system of
finance and the expansion of our com
mercial interests was followed by the
enforcement of these policies. The
Democratic party, the platform assert,
with imperialism and militarism as its
slogan, attempted to mislead the people
into the belief that Territorial aggres
sion was the ultimate object of Re
publican policy, and offered the fallacy
of free silver at the ratio of 16 to 1 as a
substitute for the basic principle of
the gold standard and an honest dollar,
and with numerous mischievous and
untried theories of government endeav
ored to demoralize public confidence
and shatter the faith of the people in
the party in power. Continuing the
resolutions say:
The tragedy that deprived the nation of
the exalted services of Prepldent McKinley
shadowed every heart mlth sorrow, but em
phasized, nevertheless, the truth that, though
men perish, the republic still lives. The work
of rehabilitation inaugurated and successfully
carried on by him and the policies which char
acterized his administration were taken up by
his successor, whose courage in the midst of
trying circumstances, and ability, honesty of
purpose and sturdy Americanism have elicited
the admiration and respect of all our people.
"We commend Theodore Roosevelt for the fear
lessness and good Judgment with which he en
tered upen the solution of problems of social
economy and government. We recognize the
rare capacity he has exhibited In meeting all
the requirements of his great office. We real
ize that his official acts have Justified the pub
lic confidence which is the fundamental factor
of his popularity.
Accordingly, we indorse the administration* of
Theodore Roosevelt. Believing in his loyalty
to the principles of the Republican party, rely
ing on his devotion to the interests of Ameri
can citizens and confiding in his wisdom, his
courage and his statesmanship, we hereby di
rect that the delegates this day chosen use all
honorable means to bring about his nomination
for President at the national convention to be
held In June.
GIST OF THE PLATFORM.
The President, the speaker declared,
had fulfilled his pledge to carry out the
policies of William McKinley, and the
crowning glory of the Roosevelt ad
ministration, he said, in conclusion,
will be the early beginning of the work
of the isthmian canal.
It Is said in some quarters that he made
a mistake in bringing suits under the Sher
man law. His party framed and enacted the
laws wnlch he found on the statute books.
It was his duty to enforce them. He has
dene so. fearlessly. The result has called .&
halt on unlawful enterprise. It has Improved
business tone. It has brought security to
legitimate enterprise. Now that the law Is
upheld our opponents clamor for the com
mer.centent of a general crusade for the ruin
of all corporations, good, bad and Indifferent.
The Republican party Is an enemy to un
lawful enterprises only. It will not com
mence an indiscriminate slaughter agalnat
those which promote prosperity and provide
wages to the workers by lawful methods. In
a word, the law will be impartially enforoed.
He found a department charged with fraud
In t-ome of its bureaus. He insisted on Im
mediate investigation. It was thorough and
complete. Corruption was unearthed in two
bureaus. The grafters were exposed, Indicted
and trials have followed and the courts will
punish the cuilty.
LAWS FEARLESSLY ENFORCED.
Hew marked a contrast to the course of
the leader of the Democracy In our own State.
He did not hesitate to pander to the lowest
instincts of paternalism and socialism and
write into the platform of. his party tha gov
ernment ownership of , mines. The people
asked for relief. Hill gave them a barren
and buncombe resolution. Roosevelt started
the machinery in motion that brought them
comfort and happiness.
"mistakes he has made." They say he forgot
the dignity of his position, the constitutional
limitations of his office, by Interfering in the
coal strike. Well, he did Interfere. He saw
the strike prolonged through the weary months,
he foresaw the dreary winter with the ap
proaching coal famine. The suffering and an
guish of bis own people became a real and
hcrrld picture and ha could wait no longer.
Ho did not forget that he was President.
This position magnified his responsibility, but
I'bcve all he remembered that he was a man.
He heard the •voice of humanity and undaur.t
ed by the risk of failure he threw bis bound
leys ecerey Into the work and won.
Democratic statesmen. In Washington am
burning the midnight oil, poring over the
columns of yellow Journals and the decisions
or our courts of appeals for a leader, while
now and then a good old Democrat, who al
ways believes himself of the Jeffersontan type,
is slncing "Four years more of Qrover," or
sighing for the late "Peerless leader." The
question with them Is not "Is ho fit. is he
capable, is he honest?" Oh, no. The burning
question Is of a financial character. Will the
sinews of war be forthcoming; can we fool
a majority of the people with him?
We have a candidate, strong, earnest, hon
est and brave. The enemy assail him for the
Coming: to the question, of Presi
dential candidates. Representative
Payne said: '
DEMOCRATS GO HUNTING.
sufficient revenue for the prosperity of the
country and the welfare of the. ware-earner
ts secure we shall "continue to let well enough
alone."
The next time we tackle the tariff we
propose to Improve upon that. But so long
as the present law works well and. produces
Alluding- to the tariff, which the
speaker said the Democrts would want
to revise, he said:
The Democratic leaders are anxiously consid
ering what Issues they may get rid of and
how best to do It. When their platform Is
ftnal!y written ua it* chief plank win be de
nunciation of Re publican policies and defama
tion of the Republican candidates. The end
will be another overwhelming Republican vic
tory »n November. ¦¦
«ho can write the platform or oar op
ponents? Who can nate the principles of the
Dtmociacy of law? Were they correctly set
tort* at Kansas City? "' *"
The Republican psrty haa no apologies to
offer, no heresies to recant, no Kansas City. or
other eissracfcful party platform to retract
no offensive deceased Issues to be burled and
no peerless leader* who ha»« pawed into ia
ocuous desuetude, ready for the political grave-
PARTY'S SPLEXDID RECORD.
We have extended the rural free delivery
service until the farmers in the thickly settled
communities are served with their Setters and
paperf promptly and at their own doors. These
are some of the thlngi we have accomplished
We have fftabtlshed good government In
Porto Itico and the Philippine*: we are euc
crsj-fully liftlnK them up to the plane of a
higher citizenship. We are educating their
children. We will not lay down the task un
til we nav» made them fit for self-govern
ment. Then we will nettle the question of
our future relation* with . reference to their
higher Interest and the welfar* o* our own
people.
We have fought and won the Spanish war.
We have not rhrunk from the burdens ot our
victory. We have given to Cuba a stable
povrnment and have left the people with all
eood wishes, free to work out their own salva
tion.
or th« Commislfconer fit Pensions that ad
vancing age i hall be "regarded as presumptive
evidence ot disability.
We rnefl on the threshold of a national cam
paign. We I'oint to things done tn th» past
•even years of Hepublican ascendency. The en
actment of the Dingley tariff and the universal
ble^slnc* that have followed: anti-trust legis
lation reinforced by Congress and enforced In
the courts by the efforts of the executive; the
maintenance of Just and liberal pensions to de-
BTvlng veterans; we commend the recent order
Representative Sereno E. Payne was
made permanent chairman. His speech
was received with great applause.
Payne said In part:
PAYXE IX THE CIL\IR.
The committee on resolutions met
Immediately after the recees was an
nounced and Chairman Burnett read
the draft of the platform. An attempt
was made to insert the resolution of
fered by Warner Miller, but Burnett
said there was a clause in the plat
form that touched on the subject.
He ha* probed deeply the great departments
of the Government and prosecuted and con
victed those of his own household of faith who
were found sulky. He enforced the law when
dire predictions of disaster were made and
by doing: to lest the favor «f some o'f the
ablest and strongest of our financial leaders,
but the Supreme Court has sustained his ac
tion and the market* have rebounded with the
phenomenal rise In the securities which dem
onstrated the Judgment of the Investors of
the country.
CHALLENGES THE DEMOCRATS.
Passing to the discussion of Presi
dential candidates, the Senator said
the campaign is to be conducted by
the opposition almost solely against
the tariff and President Roosevelt. We
accept the challenge upon the Dingley
bill and point to what it has accom
plished. He called attention to the
President's achievement* when Assist
ant Secretary of the Navy, which posi
tion he gave up to "take upon himself
the perils of a campaign in Cuba," and
concluded:
The speech of Representative Cockran In
the House laet Saturday was be
cause the President, following the ex
ample of President Cleveland, had. by execu
tive order. Died the limit of partial and total
disability for the veterans of the civil war
Mr. Cleveland and hi? Commissioner of Pen
sions had interpreted the pension act of 1690
to mean that it was within the power and
the duty of the executive to state the years
for partial and total disability when the vet
erans could receive a pension without exam
ination.
When the convention was called to
order, Senator Chauncey M. Depew was
introduced as temporary chairman.
Senator Depew, after sketching the
events which culminated In the revo
lution In Panama, eaid:
¦When Panama fulfilled the threat known to
all the world for months and successfully ac
complished her revolution the President acted
within his constitutional privilege with the di
rectness, courage and wisdom characteristic of
hiB whole public life.
SENATOR DEPEW SPEAKS.
Senator Platt Joined cordially in the
applause which followed the tribute to
Governor Odell, which was attended in
kind when immediately thereafter Sen
ator Platt was given recognition.
Delegates and delegates at large were
elected to Chicago.
As a prelude to his assuming the
chairmanship of the State committee,
Governor Odell was elected a member
of that body from the Twentieth Dis
trict.
Immediately after the adjournment
the Stale committee unanimously elect
ed Governor Odell chairman.
The platform strongly Indorsed the
administration of President Roosevelt
and the administration of Governor
Odell and the delegates at large to the
rational convention are "directed to
use all honorable means to secure the
nomination of Theodore Roosevelt."
There was some discussion over the
fact that "these directions" Included
only the delegates at large, but Gov
ernor Odell explained in this* way:
"Since 1SS0, when we abandoned the
plan of selecting the district delegates,
the State convention has not and, in
deed, cannot instruct the district dele
gates. These delegates are selected,
and if so desired by their home conven
tions are Instructed. This direction of
the convention to the delegates at
large to secure Mr. Roosevelt's nomin
ation is the strongest possible way in
which the matter could be put."
FASSETT DELEGATION SEATED.
The Congressional dispute in the
Thirty-third District between adherents
of J. Sloat Faesett and present Con
gressman Gillett was left practically
without settlement so far as the con
vention was concerned, except that the
M on gin -Fassett delegation in Seneca
was seated permanently and the con
troversy over the Congressional nom
ination will have to be decided by the
contestants themselves. Charles A.
Schiren of Brooklyn and George Urban
Jr. of Buffalo were named as electors
at large.
NEW YORK, April 12.— The Republi
can State Convention In session' to-day
named as delegates at large and alter
nates to the national convention at
Chicago :
Senator T. C. Platt, alternate J.
Sloat Fassett; Senator C. M. Depew,
alternate Louis Stern; Governor B. B.
Odell, alternate Erastus C. Knight;
Frank S. Black, alternate Henry C.
Brewster.
MUST BE TRIED* AGAIN
Government Fails in Effort
to Fix the Amount of
Former Official's Thefts
Reference to the Splendid Record of the Administration Evokes Great
Enthusiasm and the Delegates at Large Are Instructed to Use
Their Best Effort's to Secure the President's Nomination
JURY IN NEELY
CASE DISAGREES
NEW YORK REPUBLICAN CONVENTION
GIVES ROOSEVELT ITS INDORSEMENT
THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY^ APRIL 13. 100*.
9
GRAPE-NUT&
Like to Own a
Money
Making
Thinker?
Largely a question of a healthy
and active set of Brains, and Brains
are not healthy or active unless FED
PROPERLY.
You cannot take steam from a boiler
steadily unless you fill in the right
material to make good the loss. So
with Brain.
A Brain worker uses up and de-
j-troys a part of the brain each day
and MUST REPLACE or brain fag
and nervous prostration with all its
horrors sets in.
The one food that contains the ele-
ments required by Brain Workers is
Grape-Nuts
"There's a Reason."
Try it io "days and prove
to yourself in the increased
strength of Brain and the
:lcar, steady and peaceful
condition of mind.
•
Get the little book, "The Road to
Wellville." in each package.
AMTJgEMENTS. :
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
-LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
MRS. FISKB
,To-nlght, To-morrow Night, Saturday Matinee,
A DOLL'S HOUSE
Preceded by A BIT OF OLD CHELSEA.
Friday Night— HEDDA GABLER
Saturday Nljht-. FARI=w gS % ra
Act II.— Hedda Gabler
Act II.— Divorcons
Act I.— A Doll's, House
And, by Special Request,
Act IV.«Tess of the DTrbervilles
¦ EXTRA- — • .-S'
Beg. Next Sunday Matinee
KOLB AND DILL
BARNEY BERNARD
WINFIELD BLAKE
.MAUDE AMBER
HOPE AND EMERSON
—IN—
HOITY-TOITY
Prices *13c, 25c, 50c, 75c. Seats Td-morrow.
CALIFORNIA
f| The farce that has made millions Bj|k
mcfaBden'sI
pi ats a
Don't miss the "Yellow Kids," fun- |
niest Ilttlo fellows you have ever seen. |
America's Favorite Actress, H
NEXT SUNDAY, • g
¦ROSE CGGHLAN 1
In Her - Latest Success, H
, THE GREATEST THING. IN sTHE'H
¦ WORLD. fl
ABiglierill!
The Four Mortons; Edmund Day and
Company;- Ellis-Xowlan Trio; Flo
v Adler ; Blind Tom; Four Welsons;
Omar and 3Iarjrlna; James II. Cnl-
lcn, and Orphcum Motion Pictures.
Regular matinees every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, 2Gc
and COc.
TIVOLI^^I
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY
TONIGHT
EVERY .NIGHT
Millocker's Delightful Comic* Opera
THP A
I ML ; ..- BRILLIANT
RCRRAD TRIUMPH. I
ULUUHIl RECEIVED WITH I
UIUULIII ENTHUSIASM.
USUAL'VtjVOLI PRICES— 23c, COc. 75c. .
Box 'and Mezzanine Sea^s, $1.00.
MAJESTIC THEATER
MARKET ST. . . . . . . . . ........ .OPP. ; LARKIN
OPENING KONOAY, APRIL 18;
ISABEL IRVING
(Direction JAMES K. N HACKETT.) ,
•-. In Winston Churchill's Play, ¦-.•
"THE CRISIS"
SEAT SALE THURSDAY AT SHERMAN,
: CLAY &. CO.'S. „ V
. t,* 1 P1U;:ES — S1 K0 - ' ? t - :. B6c: ; box «e*ts." »t :
AMUSEMENTS. "y&.
f*£)l IRMBRA s«r fpjwciscq's.
itULUmm A Kdiss iwi
LAST 5 NIGHTS.
MATINEE SAT. LAST TIME SUNDAY.
In Her Greatest Musical Comedy Success,
MAM'SELLE NAPOLEON
BEGIXNIMO NEXT MONDAY.
TT |_| WZ And & Company
I fl I" - of Seventy People la
1 " " ¦- the Musical Farce.
FOUR Running
COHANS for Office
SEATS SALE OPENS TUTT/BSDAY.
ALCAZAR *"¦"¦!'
} > ; . General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MAT. SAT. AND SUN.
Bronson Howard's Comedy Drama,
A Comedy Depicting Society In
San Francisco, London and N«w York.
"The company handles the piece In excellent
shape." — Call. , ¦
Evg., 23c to Toe; Mats. Fat.& San.. 23c to COc.
Next Monday — The Brilliant Comedy,
THE FRISKY MR3. JOHNSON,
. By Clyde Fitch.
CENTRALS
Market street, near Eighth. Phono, South 533,
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The ' Powerful Sensational Melodrama,
IN THE HANDS
OF THE ENEMY
Apr Panorama of "South American Scenes!
Ill The Gold Mines of Bolivia!
W r Thrillin* Escape From Prison!
li I L Battle for Life in Ruined Monastery!
*""¦" A Great Play and a Brilliant Cast I
PBIf F5 Evenings, 10c. to 50c.
iniWCj Matinees. 10c., 15c. 23c.
Next— THE WHITE SQUADRON.
\A/H/*T I LOOK.
DO >^OU I fOR ?
An Extremely Funny PlayT
¦Well. Come Witness ¦
"As Many Laughs as There Are Days in a
Yeaf, and Cbock Full of Great Songs, Spe-
cialties, Stase Effects.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights, 23c. 60c and
75c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 23c and,
50c. Children at Matlneea, 23c and 10c.
ARE YOU ON?
Return to Pure Fan NEXT MONDAY.
April 18. -
'OHCTW OHO"W.»
Excruciatingly Funny. It Is.
IS GREAT SHOW
\ETery Afternoon and Ercninr la tha
Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MINIATURE, ELECTRIC RAILROAD
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLIME3 IN THE ZOO,
' - • VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
;— AMATEUR N1O.HT THURSDAY—
Admission, 10c; Children,' 6c
When Phoning Ask fcr "The Chutes."
MiscrEi.i.Ai'rEOxrs Aanrsxiaxirrs.
S CH ;Uiiyl A N N-
HEINK
FARIWELL NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
- ENTIRELY NEW . PROORAMMB.*
'.POPULAR PRICES— 50c, It and $1 80.
Beat Sale. Begins This Morning. •-
IggrBBIBBMBtirr''' Sherman, Clay it Co.'*.
ADVEBTISEMENTa.
Why
Don't you. give your heart the same
chance you do the other organs?
Why? Because when any. other organ
is in trouble it refuses' to work, and you
hasten to repair it.
The heart, the ever faithful servant,
never refuses as long as it has power to
move, but continues to do the best it
can, getting weaker and weaker, until it
is past repair, and then stops. It is just
os sick as the other organs, but because
it will work you let It.
• However, it's not too late for a "change
of heart," so remember
Dp. Miles' Heart Cure
Will give the heart strength and vitality
to overcome Dizziness, Palpitation, Short
Breath. Faint Spoils, Fains in Heart ana
Side, nnd all other Heart aches and dlffl-
cultiea.
"My heart would ache and palpitate
terribly, and at times I could hardly
breathe. Dr. Miles' Heart Cure has re-
stored me to perfect health, and I am
very grateful."—
MISS EMMA J. BARTON,
No. 1 Sill St., Watertown. N. T.
The first bottle will benefit, if not, the
druggist will return your money. , '
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New)HOTEtBUTLER
SEATTLE.
REMODELED AND ItEBUILT at expe&so
of $»K>,O<a>— New Management — ENTIKELV
FIRKPKOOP.
LOCATION— Very aeees«lble to street car
lines, theaters, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN. t i
223 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS— I
Several private rooms in antique decorations,
Turkish Baths In Hotel.
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT, D« gt e |. !
Ber, Chef, formerly of Waldort-ABtorla ana
Chef to Prince of Wale*. .
- HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone Conneo-
ttoni In every room: Ions distance connections
made with any part of the coast.
Wire for reservations, at our expense.
HOTEL BUTLER. Seattle. Wash.
Palace dont failto
1 aiOWW iee th e beautiful
j COURT Lounging
a fl fl room, the EM PIRB
aul1 PARLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM, tha
Hnifid LOUIS XV PAR.
H i.*1« DIES ' WRITING
I Hotels I room. |
ABASEMENTS.
Racing !|||i^ Racing
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
new California' jockey club. K
: ruoios Each . Week Pa- Rain or Shin*.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp. ,. >
-For special train* stopping at the track taka
S. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12:30.
1:00, 1:30 or 2 o # clock. No smoking in last two ,
cars, ¦which are reserved ¦ for ladles and their
escorts. -¦. .'¦]'••' ' '• '"-rv "
. Returning ¦ trains leave . track at 4:10 and
4:45 and Immediately after the last race. ¦¦
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President
PERCY W. TREAT. , Secretary.
EIGHTH ANNUAL
DogShpw
"'¦.."-, '*OF THE "' :-- : - N i.'
San Francisco Kennel Club
.V^ MECHANICS 1 PAVILION. I.
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday,
: APRIL 13. • 14, 15 ¦ and "10. ,
Pacific 'Cat Club 1 ¦ show *on Friday and Sat-
urday, 10 a. m. to 10:30 p. -m. '¦-.¦-.¦
. - ADULTS, - poc : CHILDREN. 2Sc.
a--BASEBALL! : : ' ' ".
Oaklanci:vs^SeaitIe
¦-- ¦-¦¦.• : ATvRBCrtEATION , PARK. ' ' ; ;
' :''-..•_¦;. Elfchth and 'Harrison r sts.'
¦WEDNESDAY, and V FRIDAY,
: - 1 •¦.'¦:'.- ¦ •.-;:',: 3 :U0. p.; m. ...-..: :.': :..-•-.
SATURDAY, 3 ¦ p. m. .,
SUNDAY.; 2:30* p. <m. \
I ¦' - Ladies'.'- Days; * Thursday, and ¦ Friday. ,"
I '•? iilvtnMft>l4| i\f nito ltd' Rtnplitiui al.
d ¦ wy^fixr*! niWriB. jCctnX T^Bipi /u% wi. i^^. ¦ 1 1 ¦ li r* ¦"' ii r* I fr^ i t\ I
!J1 Useful as well as ornamental "to {fcfif AA I
any home. THIS WEEK ONLY ipO.UU II
ALSO SEE OUR BUSH-STREET WINDOWS 11
|N&than'Dohrinanh(«l
I 122-132 SUTTER ST. VJ|
. _ ; ........... _ JF _ A j [ ; N _ E>S X CELERY COMPOUND.
• For Strength and Health He Thanks
: Paine's Celery Compound.
< i V?^Pj/ f iyj^S?& r '. t jrvT*j< »^'**J^^^^yKSci8vX*rv > *'''' 1 ' ""*"'* '''' v '''''' * * * ¦ " * * ¦ "••¦"¦ ¦'¦''¦"'¦"''''¦"¦"¦''" j *"**"**v*C^'v3^is'y«lEiw^€?BBfiS35(Bil^3S3j
i i C'.'",' " " " ' * " ».».-« » > . "j^Nj ~Sj??j!iarS^TiBfljJMM^SifTKMMtKi^^iTSfVffB^^y^^S^X^tf^*^' ****** ¦*****• '**^tWt3^i^?' Ss io vJw^Soo^^ ?^i
i ' MAJOR A. 7. LEEBER OF OMAHA, \\
' The Noted Prise-Winning* Cattle Owner, Was Bnn Sown, XTervons and < ¦ .
' Had No Appetite — Now He Is One of the Thousands "Who Owe Their <>,
" Robust Health to the Celebrated Vitalizer and Tonic. "
¦>••?••«»•»»»»•«>»•?•¦»•»•>»••»•»«»» »»»»«»»»»««» »»»«»
"For two years I was all run down. Major Lleber's case was like thou-
nervous, had no appetite — had decided sands — it may be just like YOURS,
on a long vacation, when' a friend of * n T jl® " r ,l d , out ' nerves begin
mine told me to trv T»aJn<»'B TpIpi-v Com- * show their condition tn many dlffer-
mme torn me to try Paine s Celery com- ent ways — sleeplessness. exhaustion,
pound. This wonderful remedy gave that tired feeling, headaches, constipa-
me almost instant relief. tion. rheumatism— in fact, by dozens of
in two or three days I was able to these common symptoms. Paine's Cel-
eat well and sleep well, and in two ery Compound invigorates and cures by
weeks was as well as I had ever been feeding energy to the whole system,
in my life. I can strongly recommend . «o ojioicui.
Paine's Celery Compound to anybody "Tak» care of your ZTEKVES and
S^aipStTO !T "*" "* Paia " tak# ""
MAJOR A. V. LIEBER, <* themielvei."— Prof. Edward E.
538 28th St., Omaha, Neb. Fhelps.
Go to your Druggist TODAY—
Get one bottle of Paine's Celery Com-
pound— 5ee how DIFFERENT it will.SANTA * ROSA.;,; April.. 12.— Bird Brumfleld."
released: less: than eight i months 'ago) from .Kan
Quentlnf penitentiary, 'where "he: served a. term
for robbery, :">'as * eentenred '! this aTtcrnuon • to
two * years :, In . Folsom. ; "
< NEWiYORK, ApHr 12,-^Yale defeat r
ed ¦ Columbia": at v baseball on '? the ;f Polo
Grounds to-day, 1 to 0. In the eighth
Yale ; earned "a : run .on a' triple
by a" double^'- ' :^:* J;r ! : V •* ; '" " ~ : ' /¦ '¦"
Yale Defeats Columbia.
Supcn isors to Tender. Reception.
• f Anofllclal reception will be tender
ed to Alford W. Cpoley,. United States
Civil Service Commissioner, and
liott H.' Goodwin, secretary of the Na
tional . Civil Service Reform' League,
by, the Board of .Supervlsors'oii Thurs
day evening. April. 14, at 8 r b*clock.'in
the chambers . of the board,- second
floor. City" Hall. \
Bcnnings ~ Race Results.
.' "WASHINGTON, April : 12.— Bennlngs .-; sum
mary: I ' ' *, ¦ '¦". • ' . if" .'- ' "¦
First race, five . furlongs— The Bowery '¦¦ won,
Cappamore second, 'Jimmle Lane third. ..'Time,
1:05. , -;--¦'. :.:>¦¦ \j '¦• ' •': • ' ". . ' ¦'¦
¦ Second race, four and a half furlongs-^Court
Plaster won Jack McKean second. Al Casey
third. Time. :5l:tSS^S^^^^r^wSSSP9m
-Third race, six furlonps— Elsie L won, Mrs.
Frank Foster second. JAlpaca third.. Time, 1:18.
i Fourth - race, steeplechase,' ¦'¦', about - two .and
a half miles— Imperialist won. Boney Boy . sec
chd. Manllan third.: Time,: 5:32. ? ,. .
Fifth race, six - furlongs, the Amateur : Cup,
gentlemen Jrldiis. high - weight— Stroller^ won,
Arrah Gowan second, Blush third. , Time,
1:21-1-5. ,; '.:_; ¦['.'¦.'¦ ¦.".;.-. ' X-^IS-- '-;"^
¦ i Sixth race, one mile 'and 100 yards, selling—
Rabunta. wnn.^'ec Durban second. Dark Planet
third.' •" Time;- 1:09 3-5.
At the regular monthly meeting of
the Chamber of Commerce held yes
terday, Clegg, Serwe & Co., Simon Er
liager; Gage, Mills &^ Co., Hammer &
Co. and F. J. Young were admitted to
membership. The death of W. R.
Grace, E..J. Bowen and Adam Grant,
former members of the chamber, was
announced." Resolutions were adopted
favoring the passage of House bill ap
propriating $500,000 for the construc
tion of restraining barriers on the Sac
i amen to and San Joaquin rivers and
the Senate bill authorizing the Secre
tary of War to draw warrants on! the
Secretary of the Treasury for funds
used to defray the cost of Improving
the upper Sacramento. • s <
Cliamber of Commerce Sleets.
Stolen bases — Waldrpn. Ft •*- Iman (2)
l.rror* — Anderson, fichnwer Francis "<2)' Two
*'«*«¦ hit— Ilildrbrand. Sacrtflce hits— Ma^ey
<!ort'»u. Frfeman. First hnsc on errors— Ban
vrsirrlfm 2. Portland 2. First bam? on called
balls— Off Kjnell 1. oft Ibers 2. Lvft on basr*
>»n, FranclKcn 2. Portland fi. Struck- out— By
Iterr 1. bj- KdcII. 4. Double pla>— Oastro to
Prwmnn - Hit ,by. pltchpr — Anderson.' Tide
°J, _«ame— 1 hour and .45 minutes. --Umplte—
11 Connell. . , ¦¦.."'¦
SUMMAUr.
ness a?cd hits by innings.
San KranolKco . ...0. 0 0 0 0 2 2 O ¦ z — 4
Hasp hits 0 0 0 0 0 2 3 0 x— 5
Portland 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 O— 1
Uase Jill* 0 2 O 1 0 0 2 0 1—0
Total*. 23 4 5 27 IS I Totals. 32 1 C 2* 9
Portland Batsmen Unable to Solve the
Curves lie Uses.
FRESNO, April 12. — Superior base
running and opportune bunching of
hits won for San Francisco to-day in
the first frame -with Portland. Score,
4 to 1. Knell's heady pitching was a
feature of the game, his control be
ing best at critical moments. Whalen,
while on the bench, directed a scath
ing remark at Umpire O'Connell and
was fined 15 and was ordered from
the grounds. Sc5re:
San FranclBco— I Portland—
AB.R. H. P.A. " AB R H P A
jy«'<5n<* 2 1 0 2 0 Drcn'n.cf 4 0 0 22
Hildeb.lf 4 0 12 l;Nadeu.lf 4 0 13 0
Meany.rf 4 0 0 1 0 Vwm lb 3 0 0 10 0
frwin. Sb 3 111 2 Beck. 2 b 4 O O 3 1
fr.wy.lb 2 O O 12 0 ( S(Hmn,c S 1 2 3 •»
Andsn.2b 2 10 2 2 Castro.*,. 4 0 1 1 «
?chrner,6 3 110 3 Frncis.Sb 4 0 112
Norton, c 2 0 1 7 0 McOd.rf 3 0 110
Kn»l. p 3 O 1 0 5lbtr*. p 3 0 0 « 0
KNELL PITCHES GOOD BALL.
MEMPHIS, April 12.— Montgomery, Park re
sults:
Firet race, six furlongs — Sanctum won, Marco
second. Lynch' third. Time, 1:17.
Second race,' four furlongs, selling—Wood
claim won. Green Gown second, . Fallona third.
Time. :50&. \
. Third race, one and a quarter miles selling—
Sarilla won. South Breeze second, Circus Girl
third. Time, 2:UVj-':.V 4 "'ii' S
¦¦;¦¦ Fourth race, one and an eighth miles. Chick
asaw . handicap— Luralighter won, Rankln sec
ond. Safety Light third: Time,, I:o7ft.
¦¦ Fifth race, one and'a'quarter miles, steeple
chase—Bright Girl won,'. Theory ' second, . Enow
drift third. T\me,2:tth»-'-: : ¦ •
¦ Sixth race, six and a half furlongs — Monastic
II, won,- Judge second. Early Boy third. -Time,
i-.ic%. . ¦-¦¦' / : i^#s^^aiaii
Racing at Memphis.
The body of Thomas Arper of 339
Fifteenth avenue, Richmond, was
found floating in the bay yesterday
about a half mile from the drydock
at the Union Iron "Works. Arper was
79 years old, and while demented wan
dered away from his home on March 23.
Thomas Arper's Body Found.
First race — Swtet Tooth, Dora X,
Bright Moon. ¦ ¦ . .
Second race— The Mi»t, worgre P. Me-
Near," Arisbe." J
Third race— Colonel Van, Colonel An
derson, Expedient.
Potirth race— Mansard, Ben MacDhul,
Divlna.
- Fifth' race— Gateway, Military. _ Man,
Creole Jim.
• Sixth race— milouon, Caronal, Golden
X.iffht.
. '' Shotput :,'... California— Sperry, Fauez," Gil
more, Elliott; ,, Stanf ord-^C. ,* E. Hyde, Craw
ford. '¦ i^JtfiHBuBWWJH illfM J l '<ff | *Mj|HOT gr *Tfl
Broad Jump: • California— Clark, Boynton,
Chaplin, Snedigar.- Kern.* Neighbor; Stanford —
Bell, * Henley, West, . Dole.
Polo vault:," California— "W'llcox. - Symmes;
Stanford — Dole. '-.Beach. :• Henley.* Bell.
. - Officials — Referee,. 1 John Elliott: ' timers—
Colonel "-' George C •' Edwards." R. -H.- ;Smith.
Thr.mas Storey," Al Norton and Profes3oir Frank
A n£ell;i judges, at ¦ Jlnlsh— Professor "« A. t - ¦ \V.
Smith, 5 . H.";N. : Klaarman , and :E. ;< Dyer: in
spectors—Anthony, Cado«an,--Adolph ; Cheek, ¦ C.
P. ; , Gllman,"' T." C.^ Campbell ; announcer, t H.7 H.
Burrough; ;• field 'Judges — J. 4T. "-'Nourne, u.
Caughey. ; Roy «, Woolsey. < Fred ¦ Koch : : measur
ers — Edward jf Huss»»y, *. Harry a B.\ Torrt-y.-. Pro
fessor Lew ere, K. . Ha wley ; | marshals — \V.-, Blake
and 11.-, Iloou ; ¦ clerk : of course, ; R. Long ; ; assist
anticIerk,?AV. Ar; Powell. ;.' ; .
220-yard dash : • First / heat . (California)—
Abadie. Johnston: Stanford — Dunn, Crossman.'
Second -"heat." (California) — Snedigar, Jones;
Stanford— Hamilton.' 3ubb."' ,¦.-,-".-•
; Hammer 'throw: - California— Sperry, Hart
line, •- Zacharlas, •¦«* Elliott; Stariford-rCrawford,
Estes.' .-Hyde. "" ¦"--. >• ¦.'.--.
¦¦'High' 1 Jump: .' Calif ornla-^-CooleyV -Hlckey,
Boynton.-- Clark, . R. G. Clifford; Stanford —
Bellr Dole. - Henley,: Kea me, -Beach.- .»; -" *-;--.-
* 220- yard hurdle: First heat (California) —
Meany, Frei; Stanford — McFarlahd, ; Ball. Sec
ond heat (California)— Hume,. Sperry;' Stanford
— Lanagan. . ., ; v •¦¦'.. .¦ - ...- k< . < . ¦-
Two-mile run : California — Tibbetts, Hack
ley, • Moody,* Wheeler, i Joy,' Kelsey. Lyon and
Hep.d ; Stanford— Powers, .- Barrett, Burr, , Gay
Morin,' Warlne - and i Holman. >¦/¦.. - „,• ¦
_ 440-yard dash: California— Kern. Whitmore.
Wilcox. Premo, Howard and Thomas; Stanford
— Dunn, Crossman, Russell, Carter, Hamilton,
Elwell and Freeman. " *-°3&»i3!i££3£Ri3&
f 120-yard -hurdle: First heat, ! California—
Meany^.and Hume; Stanford— Ball. .Second
heat. California — Chaplin and Fret: Stanford
Lanagran. . ¦ ¦ . •.- :?:¦' '
.'u°2.' yar( L d i sh: FlrBt ' ' heat > California—
Abadie, •Blneham; Stanford — Bubb Second
heat, California— Snedigar and WUcox: Stan
ford— II. L. Hamilton and Dunn •
One mile run: California— Hackley, Lyon
Newhall. Kelsey, Moody, Head; Stanford— Gay'
Thompson, Fowler, Holman.
The entries for the annual struggle
on the cinder path between the ath
letes of University of California and
of Stanford University were made up
yesterday by representatives of the
rival ¦ colleges. The complete list, to
gether with that of the officials, fol-
PBOBABLS WINNERS.
Athletes Who Will Eepresent
University of California
and Stanford Institution
Boys Ransack School.
The police were notified yesterday
by Mrs. CM. Johnston", principal of
the ' Fairmount School, Chenery and
Thirty-first streets, that the school
house had been broken into by a num
ber "of boys between Saturday and
Monday morning. A lot of pens and
penholders had been stolen and much
damage done. Truant Officer Cam
pion learned the names of several of
the boys and they may be taken be
fore the Juvenile Court.
COLLEGE MEN
ON THE PATH
•Apprentice allowance.
Sixth race— One mile; three-year-olds and
up; selling. Ji
<5911)»Tclephone (Smith) .••• »*
C.171 'Hoceo (Photo Stable) • - . «•'
OC08 Golden Light (McCafferty) 1C1
C571 Red Cross Nurse (Ross) «t
fiCOS Solon (Ryan) }"\
6.1&. 0 . Caronal (Chappell) 1<>7
(fiOOS)«IIlilouon (Randall) '«
(&»!> Olympian (Schorr) 1J«
C559 Laocoon (Coffey) 10-
6422 Hannah Tan (Lee & Son) 101
(6T»00)nowena (Burns & Waterhouse) 101
5347 Creole Jim (Smith) ,. JJ. 9
CCOO Dusty Miller (Sheridan) 1<™
A. Phillips walked . into the Hotel
Belgravia, 1715 Polk street, yesterday
afternoon and was observed by one of
the women- guests trying to open one
of the doors. She informed Mrs.
Knoblock, . the landlady, who at once
sent word to the North End police sta
tion, half a block away, and Police
man O'Sulllvan soon had Phillips un
der arrest. He was taken to the City
Prison and locked up in the "tanks."
When searched a bunch of keys was
found in his pockets. He said he was
looking' for- a woman he knew, but
had mistaken the house. The police
are investigating. v
Arrested on Suspicion.
Health Officer Ragan sent a com
munication to Sheriff Curtis yester
day asking that official to appeal to
the Board of Supervisors to remedy
the overcrowded condition of Broad
way Jail by providing additional quar
ters. Ragan calls attention to the fact
that inmates of the jail are confined
in cells in violation of the cubic air
law and that the resulting sanitary
conditions are- very bad.
District Health Officer Tillman has
filed a report in which he recommends
that steps be taken to correct the evil.
Ragan suggests to Sheriff Curtis that
the basement of the City Hall, which
was formerly used for prisoners, be
again fitted up to relieve the conges
tion'in the branch jail.
Health Officer Ragan Asks Sheriff Cur
tis to Appeal to Supervisors to
* Remedy Conditions.
FINDS BROADWAY BRANCH
JAIL IS OVERCROWDED
LOS ANGELES. April 12. — Keefe's
pitching was too much for the Cham
pions to-day and they were defeated
by Tacozna, score 4 to 1. Wheeler also
pitched a strong game, and had he
been given perfect eupport would have
held the Tacoma men down to one
run- There were three errors made in
the game, one by Graham of Tacoma,
which cost a run, one by Chase and
another by Bernard. Chase's mlsplay
was resDonsible for one run and Ber^
nard's for two runs. Pagan's drive
over centerfield fence was the only
earned run made. Score:
Lea Arrrlfi — [ Tacoma —
AB.R. H. P.A.! AB.R. n. P.A.
Brnrd, cf.4 0 12 1 Casey. 2b. 3 0 0 12
Flood. 2b. 4 112 4 Shehn. 3b.4 10 2 2
Smith, 8b.4 0 0 2 l.Nrdke, lb.4 0 2 12 1
Crvtb. rt.4 0 11 OEtcan, «.3 113 6
Ron. If.. 3 0 10 0 Lynch, cf.4 0 0 2 0
Chase. lb.4 0 0 8 OfM'Lgn, If. 4 0 12 0
Rymnd, s.3 0 0 3 PHnlvn. rf.4 1 1 0 0
Spies. C..2 0 0 9 1 Grahm. c.3 1 1 4 0
Whelr. p.8 *0 0 0 2Keefe, p. .4 0 0 12
Totals.31 1 4 27 12| Totals. £3 ~4 ~6 27 02
RUNS AKD HITS BT INNINGS.
ljot Ajittlf* 0 0 C 1 0 0-00 0 1
B*«« blti 000 20011 0— 4
Taooma 0 0 0 1 0 0 2 0 0—4
•ue htu 10010*30 1— e
SCMMART.
Stolen b«>»a — Cravath. Eagaca. Hinnlvan
Etroii — Bernard. Chase, Lynch, Graham. Home
ran — Enran. Two-baee b:t»— Nordyke, Flood.
Plrtt base on error* — Tacoma 2. Left on base*
— Los Arj-eSes 6, Tacoma 6. Bases on balls
Off Wheeler, 3. Struck out — By Wheeler 8*
fcy Keefe, 4. Hit by pitcher — Graham. Spies
Hoas. Time of came — One hour and thirty
minutes. Umpire — Huston.
of Runs.
Tliree Errors Let In an Equal Number
ANGEL. FIELDERS CARELESS
The public is invited to attend the
auction, at which it is expected the
boxes v.ill be disposed of at a high
premium, as the proceeds are to go to
the California Women's Hospital, an
institution that is well worthy of the
interest displayed "in it by local phil
anthropists. ."-'•
"His Royal Xibs" is a musical com
edy by Shafter Howard and W. H.
Clifford and its production will be on
a scale of magnificence and elaborate
ness that has seldom before been at
tempted in this city. The music is of
a high order, while the book and lyr
ics are topical and clever and abound
in satirical hits.
The cast and chorus number sev
enty people, with Miss j Helen | Heath,
the well known soprano, In the lead
ing -nle. One of the, most attractive
feati res in "His Royal Nibs" is the
numoer, "The Summer Girl," suns by
a double sextet gowned in the latest
fashion. The cowris ... were designed
especially for this production and the
millinery worn by the ladies forming
the sextet is very dainty and chic. -
An auction is to be held to-morrow
evening at the Alhambra Theater
commencing at 8:30 o'clock at which
the boxes for the forthcoming produc
tion of "His Royal Nibs" will be dis
posed of. Ex-Mayor James D. Phelan
and William Greer Harrison will
wield the hammer and during the
progress of the sale there will be sev-.
eral interludes, during which an en
tertaining vaudeville and concert pro
gramme will be rendered by such art
ists as Arthur Bodeley Watson, Arthur
L. Forcade, Isabel Forcade and several
of the principal members of the cast
of "Hfs Royal Nibs."
James D. Phelan and William Greer
Harrison to Be Wieldex-s of Ham
mer for Hospital Fund.
WILL. AUSTION SEATS
FOR "IMS ROYAL NIBS"
Fijfht Promoters Stand Pat.
The members of the California
Amateur Association met last nic'it to
discuss proposed plans regarding?
terms with the 3oxers* Union. "Rough
House" Billy McDonald, Al Young and
Charles Augustus appeared and de
manded purses ranging from $75 to
5125. The magnates refused to agree
to these term3 and stated they would
fight the union to the end. They all
agreed to aid the Lincoln Club in pre
paring its card for Friday nightT
C. C. Crowley, chief of the detec
tive service of the Southern Pacific
Company, accompanied by the oper
ators of his department and Detective
Thatcher of Wells, Fargo & Co.'s ex
press, returned last night from Red
ding, where they have been diligently
searching for the men who held up
the southbound Oregon express train
two weeks ago and dynamited the ex
press enr, after killing the messenger.
Although Crowley displayed reluc
tance In discussing the matter, it was
learned that he had abandoned the
search, - but not until after i every
thread of information that tended to
lead to the identity of the robbers had
been carefully followed up and proved
fruitless. It was admitted last night
by Crowley that he and his men had
traced footprints from the scene of
the robbery to the banks of the river,
where the trail was lost, and had sat
isfied themselves that these tracks
were those of the robbers. Thatcher
had gleaned sufficient information to
arouse _ his suspicion that a man
named Lewis, who is wanted for many
robberies, was implicated in the af
fair, and there is also reason, so he
believes, for suspecting that some of
the escapes from Folsom had some
thing to do with it. The search last
ed twelve days and clearly satisfied
the j detectives that the robbers were
clever fellows, who carefully planned
the job and shrewdly arranged in ad
vance for covering up their tracks.
Railroad and Express Company De
tectives Return to City After a
Fruitless Hunt.
SEAHCII FOR REDDING
;-: ROBBERS IS ABANDONED
Earber pitched a good game of ball
sind kept the hits scattered well
enough. The game was one of the
slow Oakland kind and was the last
to be played on the Golden Gate
prounds. Next Sunday morning the
K?tes of the new Idora Park field will
be thrown -wide open. The score:
Oakland— I Seattle —
AB.R. II. P.A.' AE.R. H. P.A.
r.anly.rf 4 O i f, OVnlln.cf & 1 S 2 1
Kranks.e 4 l o ] :: Mhlr.2b :i 1 2 3 «
KrugT.lf 4 1 S O O-Smith.rf 5 1 :• O O
Dunvy.cf 4 113 1'Prisk.lf & 1 2 1 O
Kchfly.2b 4 © 2 2 liHall.« & - Z <; h
«1ney.lb 4 O 1 8 ti Brnhr.lb 4 '£ 2 11 1
1 >vrx.ob 4 0 11 J»'DIhty,3b 5 O - 1 2 0
HotKT.c 2 0 O 7 liWllson.c S12 2O
Buchn.p 3 0 10 3|Barbr.p 4 1 1 © 2
Total*. .Tl 3 10 27 9! TotaJ«.41 10 17 27 17
RCX8 AND HITS BT INNINGS.
S>»atU* 0 1 7 0 0 0 1 1 0—10
Base hit* 1 1 7 1 12 2 2 O— 17
Oakland 1 O O 1 O O 0 O 1 — 3
Bame hue 2 1 O 2 O 1 1 1 2—10
SUMMAUT.
Stolen ba*es — Brashf-ar. Smith. Errors —
iJevtrvsiUJL, Brashear. Franck*. Clancy, Hall.
Three-baee hit* — Krus*r, lJunleavy. Two-base
btta — Uarber. Kruger. Sacriflc* hits — llohler.
HraFhear. First base on error* — Oakland. 2;
Seattle, 1. First base on called balls — Off Bar
ber, I. L#ft on l>ap«>* — Oakland. 4; Seattle. 7.
Struck out — By Buchanan, ti; by Barber. 1.
Jilt by pitcher — Mohl«r. L>ouble plays — Mohler
to Hall to Brashear (2)S Dunleavy to Bottijrer;
Mail to Mohler to Brashear (2). Balk—Bu
rncinan. Time of game — Two hours. Umpire —
Cramer.
The inning: started with Mohler at
the bat. His ribs came In violent con
tact with the sphere and he wobbled
down to first Smith connected safe
ly, as likewise <5id Frisk. Bending Moh
ler in. When Hall drove one through
the infield both Smith and Frisk trot
tefl to the plate. Brashear then hit
find Delehanty hit and Wilson hit and
Barber hit and Van Haltren hit and
I>osslbly they might have been hitting
yet had they not become fatigued by
running around the bases.
All the runs and hits happened Just
because the Oakland infield played in
close to catch a man as he dashed to
the plate. The Seattle Ftickers seem
f-d to become wise to this fact and
therefore they pegged the ball down
hard through the infield. The volley
of hits seemed everlasting- and Oak
land never rallied a bit after the fatal
Third round.
The baseball pme would have been
a sublime one for Oakland yesterday
had the third Inning been obliterated.
The third was not obliterated, though
the Oakland team was all but so when
the .round was over. Seattle whirred
seven over the path. The rest of the
came filfl not count- It was the third
lnsing. Score. 10 to S.
Such a walloping as the luckless
Mr. Buchanan was handed does not
occur on the Eam« diamond more than
once In a week. Nearly every run of
those sex-en that came In during the
third wa? aided and abetted by a solid
base hit. It was as pretty a piece of
plugging es any fan would want to
feast his eyes upon.
Many dogs of class will pass under
the watchful eyes of the judge during
the next few days. ; He will take up
his onerous duties early this after
noon, judging the large breeds first.
He will continue his work to-night and
from day to day until all the entries
have had their claims to distinction
passed upon.
The special prizes make up an un-«
usually valuable collection and com
petition for them will be keen in the
majority of the classes. The pavilion
will be open for the reception of dogs
from S a. m. to 12 jn. to-dav." .Dr.
Steers, the kennel club's veterinarian,
will inspect each dog to prevent any
with contagious disease being benched,
thus insuring the general health ol
the hundreds of dogs entered.
The exhibition of the Pacific Cat
Club' will open in the gallery of the
pavilion on Friday in conjunction with
the doe show.
Judge Mortimer was met upon his ar
rival by the members of the bench
show committee and renewed many
pleasant friendships he made when
here some years since.
James Mortimer, one of the most
famous of American dog show judges,
arrived from the East last night and
registered at the Palace Hotel. ¦ He
comes to judge th'e eighth annual show
of the San Francisco Kennel Club,
which opens to-day in Mechanics' Pa
vilion.. - .
The exact amount of the subscrip
tion list will be made public at the
cpen meeting Thursday. All persons
holding books have been requested to
report then and give the secretary a
list of the money pledged. In a rough
way the total is estimated at close to
$12,000, all of which has been raised
in two weeks.
President Simpson's committees have
been doing: yeoman service to date and
Treasurer Frank G. O'Kane announced
yesterday that more than J4000 had
already been deposited in bank as the
result of three men's canvass and that
sum did not begin to cover the amounts
pledged to these men, James Coffin, E.
H. Algeltinger and himself. A visit
was paid to the officials of the United
Railroads yesterday and, while no sum
was subscribed, a partial promise of a
liberal donation was made. President
Holland has said that no public pro
ject would suffer for want of substan
tial support from his company; that
San Francisco's jrrowth was identical
with the company's interests and his
words are not Idle ones.
What is wanted by the association
Is willing workers for the cause. Ath
letes have been slow in catching the
spirit. Yet these same athletes have
called loudly for just such a public
cinder path ar/i oval for years. The
lacrosse players have been apathetic
and there will be ho suitable spot for
them to hold their games in San Fran
cisco during the coming season unless
this field is an assured success. The
working member of the association
feel that co-operation from these
sources should be forthcoming. Money
is the essential thing in. the end, but
ideas are also sought and Thursday
night's meeting will be one of fre^
speech.
The Amateur Driving and Athletic
Association will hold a big open meet
ing in room 1000 of the Palace Hotel
to-morrow nisht and every amateur
sportsman who wishes to see. the pro
posed athletic field and speed track
in Golden Gate Park an unqualified
success is invited to be present. 'It
will not be a subscription-raising meet
ing and none need keep away for fear
of embarrassment on the score of
money. What is wanted is a litt!»
more general enthusiasm in the affair.
The work is going on. toward the end
of raising $25,000 with remarkable speed,
but too few men are doing all th>?
heavy work which is to benefit th'i
entire city and county of San Fran
cisco.
McVey, who is to fignt Jack John
son, will commence training to-day at
Millett's, near Colma. Johnson will
train at Larkspur. Billy Roche of Ox
nard, McVey's manager, and Zlck
Abrams, representing Johnson, selected
Eddie Graney to referee their bout.
¦¦"¦¦" • ¦»
If this edge of the continent was
tipped down a bit last night it was only
to be expected, as James J. Jeffries,
the champion of all champions; Jack
Johnson, the "colored heavy-weight
champion, and Sam McVey, 1 another
heavy-weight boxer, all hit this vicin
ity about the same time.
Champion Jeffries arrived In Oak
land from New York during the even
ing. He was accompanied by Billy
Delaney. Joe Kennedy and Kid Kagan.
The champion returned to California
to commence training for bis approach
ing battle with Munroe, which takes
place at Mechanic5* Pavilion on June
1. The big fellow was met at Sixteenth
street by a *Jeleg-ation of sporting men,
headed by Eugene Van Court and John
Marco vich. He svent at once to the
Gas Kitchen for dinner. Jeffries ap
pears in the best of health and seems
well pleased at the prospect of once
more donning the padded mits. When
asked about the approaching match he
said:
"As far as the match Is concerned I
don't know much about it, as I have
been on the road almost all the time
and have left all the arrangements to
Delaney. I am to meet Jack Munroe
before the Yosemite Club on the 1st of
June at the Mechanics' Pavilion, and
shall begin training in a few days.
"I expect to stay in Oakland until
the first of next week, and then I shall
go to my fcld quarters at Harbin
Spring?. I had a fine trip out and feel
first rate. "While I was on the road I
had a good time and made, a little
money, but I shall not be sorry to get
into training again. As far as the de
tails of the match are concerned you
will have to see Delaney."
"When Delaney was -asked about the
coming contest he. said:
"Jeffries will stay in Oakland for
about a week and will take a good
rest after the trip from Xew\York, and
then he will go to the old training
quarters at Harbin Springs. As the
Yosemite Club was unable to get a
permit for May the date had to be
changed from May CO, the original date.
The change makes practically no dif
ference in time and is perfectly satis
factory to us. Munroe told me before
we left the East that he would start
for the coast in a few days and we ex
pect he» will arrive here in about a
week."
Big Fellow and His Party
Are Welcomed by Crowd of
Sports Over at Oakland
Lead Is Too Much for Oak
landers to Overcome and
Tliev Lose All Interest
AH the Classes Have Filled
Well and Some Sharp
Competition Is Expected
Sprinters, Football 3Ien. La
t crosse Players and Others
Are Invited to Attend
! Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds'
purtc. ¦-. '..'*¦ : '¦""¦'¦""• '• -.",'
5791 Military Man .(Ferguson) .......... n"
. «60« Gateway.-. (Lottrldse) '..... ' joi)
: 5K27 Dr. ; Rowcll J (Blastngame) ¦rr.'.TTVr.~Trr:iO9
C474*The:Hawailan' /McCafferty) .'.;..•;-.-;:: j(»<(
i CC07 Ananias *¦ tSchorr) ....... . .' ,\^; ."7;r.".X18
Fourth race — One " mile ' and fifty yards;
t hn-r -year-olds ' and up; i handicap.
OOOtf (J. W. Trahern (Qulnlan) ;.. joo
600« Divlna (El Priroero Stable) . .y. ...... no
UOOfi Our Bessie (Newman) i". ;.'.;...-..;;.-: fls
<f,rj 17). Mdncard (Smith) •_. . ...."..¦... ; jjo
(00W«)B«-n MacDhul ¦ (Ryan) -; .'....;,. ;- -. . ,-.- 1 |o
• C"R2 Gorgalette ¦ (Fitzgerald) ¦ ~. •.:.;.-. 100
C5U9 Byron ".Rose: (Wilson) j... ...... :..;.... .98
...Third' race — One and -an eighth miles; four
year-olds and \ip; selling: - "'¦•: "v- i
(GOOl)Colonel Van (Fountain) ...;.......'...; 103
UC04 Idogo (McCafferty). .:...'........ 100
C595 I O U (Chappell)....... ...;..V.100
- €22^1 Colonel Anderson (Fitzgerald).. ..97
€H\8 'Past Master McAlester)...; .V.U01
' C012 "Illowaho (Stover) .".......;.;... ; .-. . ; . 93
< C5H3 Rio Shannon (Coffey)...... ......100
-. C5'J5 Expedient . (Smith) .....".. ; . . . . . io«
0018'CaneJo (Kirk & Co.)...'........ ici
• Second race — Half mile; two-year-old's:
purse:.. - : ¦ •
<6597)Peggy O'Neil (Smith) ...... ."...... 107
C545 Arisbe (Napa Stock Farm).... 107
enO3 Sea Air (McLaughltn) .'.......:.,... ;115
GC03 George P.* McNear. (Stover) ......... .113
57JW IMng Dong (Boots)...... ...."...100
(C«03)The Mist (Hammond)......... ...110
,0603 Pirelia (Miller).; < ..\-..\103
KJ87 Lady Ninora (Harris) :..; 100
* C597 Albert Fir (Jonee) ..... . ., . . . . . . -.f . ..100
tLos Angeles index.
First race^ — Six and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and up; selling:
¦ C294 The Counselor (Rink) .......108
.0590 Alturas (Smith) „>.... Ill
C592 Dora I (Wcllman) ...1C9
6610 »TounK Morello (Scharetg) 103
3723 Call Bond (Jones) JU1
6543 Sweet Tooth (Cahill) .....114
2195 Introductor <Ryan) ; 114
<J530 'Blondura (Devln) ....101
6593 Bright Moon (Garland)...; ill
<M3O t'Athelrose (Hayes) .101
6208 Examiner (Wolfe) ;. m
6304 Nellie Bawn (McCabe).. ..1C9
6%58 The Stewardess (Winter) .109
6590 Sollnus (Levy)......* .....Ill
6502 "H. P. Cane (Green) ....103
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
The Bugaboo, which displayed such
marked gameness iii capturing the
third race, is another of the vast num
ber Qf winners bred at Napa Stock
Farm.*. Maurice Eppinger's colt is a
son of Crlchton.
Sam Hildreth once took Horton
from a selling race, but did not under
stand the - little horse's traits and re
turned him to the Bianchi fold.
Arisbe will meet The, Mist, George
P. McNear, Sea Air and Peggy O'Neil
in the two-year-old dash.
The card at Oakland this afternoon
is a strikingly good one, with the
handicap at one mile and fifty yards
as the feature event.
Trainer Alec Forbes sent Be.au Or
monde into Jake Holtman's hands in
the fifth after a long rest, and the son
of Ormonde brought home the money.
The chestnut horse did not have much
to beat and 7 to 10 looked a liberal
quotation. For a time the 60 to 1 out
sider Whoa Bill looked dangerous, pok
ing his head in front of the first choice
.for a way. When his bolt had been
shot Beau Ormonde downed him with
out effort by five lengths. Peter J, the
second choice, under a lukewarm ride,
ran third.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
With Jed Lewis on her back, Moco
rito was held a 3 to 5 favorite for the
mile and seventy-yard run and finished
unplaced. The old mare cut out the
runping to the stretch and then stop
ped to nothing. Possart, on which See
had been trailing along in fourth posi
tion, moved to the front, easily dispos
ing of the 100 to 1 shot Watkins Over
ton, piloted' by McBride. Merwan was
third.
Del Carina, from Bob Smith's sta
ble, took the two-year-old scramble,
starting a 'Z to 1 favorite. Larsen was
compelled to ride the filly hard from
the breakaway, finally passing Bill
Short and Saccharate, and winning at
the end with little to spare from Vel
na, an 8 to 1 chance. Sileo, backed
from 10 to 4, ran fourth, half a length
behind Bill Short.
Another big batch of platers was
unwrapped in the split of the seven
furlong selling affair. Montana Peer
ess went to the barrier a slight favor
ite over Toto Gratiot and was beaten
out by Sheehan on The Bugaboo. The
winner's odds were played down a cou
ple of points from 8, ana under a vig
orous ride he came from the far rear,
scoring by half a length. Polonius
at 15 to 1, ran into the show.
MOCORITO IS FAVORITE.
Large fields are getting to be the
rule, making it all the more difficult
to pick winners. Del Carina and Beau
Ormonde were the only two successful
favorites.
There were fifteen starters in the in
troductory seven-furlong event, with"
Tannhauser, Judge Voorhles, Varro
and Harka all highly touted as win
ners. The latter and Resigned closed
equal favorites in the betting.
Spry as a cricket at the post, Joe
Jones jumped away in front with the
20 to 1 shot, Lou Clieveden, and was
not headed, leading out • Tannhauser by
four lengths. After a * tempestuous
trip Judge Voorhies finished third.
LARGE FIELDS TILE RULE.
The McCafferty-Blanchi selling race
feud continues to wax warm. On April
1 Horton captured a selling race and
was substantially boosted by Charley
McCafferty, owner of Flaneur, which
ran third. Oswald Bianchi of the firm
erf Bianchi & McGovern, or better
known perhaps as Daggle Smith, re
taliated by claiming Flaneur.
In the last race at Oakland yester
day Horton, with Jed Lewis up and
6 to 1 in the betting, skimmed through
on the rail, beating Last Knight, the
Lamasney entry, out a head. The lat
ter horse had been played down from
30 to 15. The winner was in to be
sold for $500 and was carried up to
$1500 by McCafferty, -at which figure
Bianchi ceased bidding. '
Then a dispute arose over the deliv
ery of the horse to his new owner. The
secretary's office was closed and, not
withstanding that McCafferty was
given an order for Horton from Clerk
of the Scales Egbert, Bianchi refused
to accept a check in payment for his
horse, and it is said Horton retired in
his old stall last evening. There is a
probability, that the two owners will
make some sort of a "dicker" to-day
and declare off the war.
LOOKS FIT AND WELL
ENTRY IS A GOOD ONE
ATELETES ? AID SOUGHT
OAgLAgp RACETRACK—TUESDAY. April 12.— Weather cloudy. Track. fast
CO1C. FIRST RACE— Seven furlonn; selling; 8-year ; olds and . tip; value to flrat. »328.
l —0l! Hora* and Owner. IWt St. Vt . ft. ;%• Str. FinT "jockey. I Op- , - Cl.
?"o Lou CHeveden. • a • (McDowell) 97 6 ... l ltfi 2 Tift\ '* J Jones.... V *5 20
!^o7. f^ nn hauser. 3 (Hayes & Co.). 04 7 ... 2 3»<j2 6 2 2 2 3 Connell .... 15 . 7
ti.>90 Jiig. Voorhles. 4 (Murray Co.) 97 3 ... 6 n 1 H43 4 3 4 Wright .... .6 I 3 " 2
"VH? r: esi8:ned ' 3 < A - W. Coffey).. 83 11 ."..' "9 l%8-»4 6 h •" 4 6 Crosswalte 0-2 4
Jh5£ } r arr ,°- tt <O. -W. Miller)....".. 99 1 ... 6 11,3 4 1 6 n Bonner;:... • ... « , «
C2-JO Mordente. 4 <Nlchols &; Co.).. 97 13 ...10b 8n 8 2 0 ft Sullivan... 20 100-
K^i H °n-.erlc, 3 (O. P. Romish).. 93 6 8 n 4 n 5 n 7% T Clark... ' 10 30
5t>.J0 IBrlssac, 5 (J. J. Marklein).. 09 12 ...13 12 10 8 2 Reed ...... 1«> • 30
(01,09) iHarka, 3 (Wentworth & Lee) 92 9 ... 111U5 « 7 % 92 KJiapp 5 4
C3C2 Orpheus, a (J. J. Coalter).... 09 8 ... 4h 9 % 9 1 10 W.-' Dugan. 50 1(M)
0508 Louis Me. 3 (F. Devln)...... 00 2 ... 8 U10 11 11 J.rLewis... .20 -15
&^ C. Schwelzer. 3 (McNamara) 03 10 ...12113 12 12 Roach " « 2 <>
0001 |Joe John. 4 (P. G. Lane) 100 4 ... 7 -%11. 13 13 IJ. ,T. Shehn 30 £5
0424 IBenlash. 4 (L.. Jeunese) 103 Left ... ;.. ISherwood .. 10 15
6400 lArthur Hay. 0 (Clayton & Co.) 11Q| Left ... |See .". . "0 20
Time— :24>J. :50. 1:16, 1:29. At post 3 minutes"'-- Off at 2:16 Clleveden. place. 8; show. 4.
Tannhauser, place. 3; show 9-5. Judge, show. 8-5. "Winner ch. m. by Clieveden-Mlss
Lou, Trained by II. F. Mills. Scratched— Conger. Start fair. Won ridden out. Balance
driving. Good racing luck landed the winner Tannhauser showed " improvement. Judge
\ oorhies pocketed two-thirds of the way or he would have won. -.- Resigned came from
far back. Varro a supposed good thing. He has a bad leg. Harka off poorly.
GU1O. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; selling; 2-year-olds; value to first. $325. ~
Index] Horse and Owner. Wt St. y^f ft. 9i. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
C555 Del Carina (U. A. Smith).... 101 4 2 Ifti ft 1 5i Larsen .... 2 2
fiStiT Velna (G. M. Van Gordon) ... 103 «. 643 ft 2 n J. Jones...:] « 8
UXJO Bill Short (A. T. Dobson) 100 3 1 ><. 1 w 3 ft Knapn*....! 8-2 21-5
0405 Sileo (El Primero Stable) 107 5 3 n" 5 Z 4 2 Tullett ....( 10 4
G4.'O Saccharate (Napa Stock Farm) 98 1 4 2^2 n 54, J. Lewis. ..i 8 9
5691 M. A. Powell (M. Jones)..... 107 8 ... ... 6 n C ft C B Otis ...4 10
(i57'.» Mogregor (Bianchi & Co.) 110 7 9 0 73 73 See 10 15
CC9J) R. Mitchell (Summers & Co.) lOfl 9 7 XftS 3 8 2ft Flynn ..... 100 100
57tf! Tarcoola Belle (T. II Miller). 105 2 8 1%9 6 9 7 W. Narvaez CO 150
Sun Rose (Appleby & Co.) .... 103 10 . . . ... 10 10 10 : Bonner .... 30 50
Time— :24'4. :40. At post Hi, mlnut»s. Off at 2:47»i Carina, place. 7-10: show, 1-3.
Velna. place 3; show C-5 Short, show. 7-10. "Winner, -ch f. by Del Paso-Carina.
Trained by R. A. Smith. Start good. Won In a hard drive of four. /Del Carina looked
to be winning easily, when Larsen eased up some, and • later was forced to draw his
whip. Velna received a strong ride. Bill Short tired near the close. Sileo ran a win
ning race. Saccharate gave it up. M. A. Powell had early speed.
0017. THIRD RACE — Seven furlongs; selling;" S-year : olds and up; value to first, ?325.
Index Horse and Owner. IWt St. \' t . y 2 . %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
fiK$5 The Bugaboo, 3 (Eppinger).. 100 9 11 3 9 1U.C ft 4 ft 1 Vx J.' T Shehn 8 6
«51»t Mont.* Peeress 5 (Mrs. Coftey) 99 5 2 n 5 ft~X 4i 1 9i 2 2"V4)Crosswaite 4 5
6505*. Polonius. 4 (Stewart & Co.).. 10y|/l 6 % 7 n 7n 6 ft 3 l%|Haack 10 lfl
C.-.06 Toto Gratlot, 4 ( Wilkerson) . . lOti vli 3 1)J2 1)12 n 2n 4n |Knapp 7 2 11-2
€002 Lady Atheling 3 (McLaughln) 93 10 92 41 4n 61 5 2% Roach 7 10
0U09 Orchan. 3~(KOgewood S. F.) 94 12 8h 3 n 5 ft 3 1 6 ft J. Lewis... 0 - 10
(6578) Educate. 0 (Hegarty & Co.).. 104 7 1 ft 1 % 1 1^.7 2 7 4 W. Dugan. 30 30
0502 Puss in Boots 4 (Josephs)... 02 8 4h8V.92 82 8% Greenfield . 7 15
0594 Mountebank, a (Keating) 100 C 5nO"l" 819291 Bonner .... 10 15
• Waiter. « (F. N. Hayes) 10G 4 10 %11 10 10 10 Reed 6 16
•• Glenrice. 4 (J. Guthrle) .101 3 7 110 111 11 11 J. Jones.... '4 6
6551 Dungannon. 3 (Knebelkamp). 94 11 12 12 12 12 12 Connell .... 10 12
5667 Constable, 5 (Stockton Stable) 105 Left .... ... ... ... McHannon |~ ~ 50 & w
Time— :23*J. :40%. 1:15»4. 1:28?;. At post 1 >4 minute*. Off at 3:14*4. Bugaboo, place,
5-2; show. 7-5. Peeress, place, 2; show, 6-5. Polontus, show. 3J Winner, b. c. by
Crlchton- Irene E. Trained by M. G." EppinRer. Scratched — Wiggins, Billy Moore. As
sessment. Start good. Won in a drive of three. Winner displayed rare gameness,
dropping from the clouds. Crosswaite went to pieces, allowing Montana Peereas to
swerve not far from home, or she would have won. With clear sailing through the
stretch Polonius might have scored. Orchan away poorly and no chance. Educate quit.
Walter had some speed. Glenrice won't do.'Los Angeles index (65U1). •?Los Angeles in
dex 6576. .
«>(»1S. FOURTH RACE — One mile and 70 yards; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. IWt St. \i. Yi- %• Str/ Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
C.->94 Possart. 0 (J. E. Case).. 112 6 4 h 4 1 4 1 .1 % 1 2Vi See 4 0
6T.9S W. Overtoil 4 07 5 3 2^33 2 1%4'2>A2 «i JMcBrlde .. 15 100
fiOOCT Merwan. 4 (J. Guthrie) 102 2 1 % 2 1 3 % 2 h ,3 4 [Knapp .... 15 12
«;r.95 Mocorito, a (J. Ryan) »5 1 S3 1 3^1 2 1 n 4 n J. Lewis... 3-5 3-5
t&SA Augie, 5 (C. W. Chappell). ... 97 9 7 1^.5 1%5 2ftu n 5 lft Reed 30 20
5434} Canejo, a (Kirk & Co.) 102 7 0382 ~ lftT 2 G ft Herbert ... 15 50
0001 Cloche d"Or. 4 (Mrs. Coffey). 100 8 8h7%64 61 73J. Jones 7 12
6598 Ripper. 4 (P. G. Lane).. OS 3 6 1 10 10 8 5 8 G Sherwood .. 15 'M
CiX)l Past .Master, 4 (McAlester).. 102 10 10 9 »J 8 n 10 9 n Bonner .:.. 20. 40
0*;02 Florestan. 4 (F. X. Hayes).. 97 4 5 n 6 n 9 ft 0 n 10 Roach ..... r!5 30
Time — :24. :48=4, 1:15%. 1:42, 1:40. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:37*4. Possart. place,
8-5; show, 7-10. Overton, place, 30; «;how, 10. llerwan, show, 6-5. Winner, blk. h.
by Pontico-Mary W. Trained by J. E. Case. Scratched — Boutonniere. Gold Finder. Sftart
good. AVon easily after an early drive. Next two driving hard. Mocorito was hustled
out in front and faded away to nothing the last quarter. Possart had no difnculty in
beating Overton. Augie ran a good race under weak handling.' 1 Canejo can do bet
ter. Ripper poorly ridden. Florestan made an indifferent showing. fLos Angeles Index,
0303; JLos Angeles Index, 05SS.
OC1!>. FIFTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs: purse; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $323.
Tndexl Horse. and Owner. \ Wt St. %. ft. »i. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
5460 B Ormonde, a (Mrs. Kripp). 110 2 ... 2 1^2 1 1 1%1 5 Bonner 11-20-7-10
5571 Whoa Bill. 3 (M. Eppinger).. 100 1 ... 1 n 1 n 2 n 2 \ft J. T. Shehn 50 60
5530 Peter J, 4 (E. J. Smith)..... 107 4 ... 3 6 3 8 3 8 3 4 W. Dugan.. 3 7-2
OT>07 Ink, 4 (Lamasney Bros.) 115 7 ... 74 72 64 4n See 10 13
6007 Ishtar. 5 (A. Josephs) 105 6 ... 5h 51 4h56 Knapp .... -6 10
4f>41 St. Geojrfe Jr. 3 (Ferguson).. 100 8 ... 8 8 7 3 68 Conneil ... 60 30
07182 Fl. of Gold, a (Blaslngme B.) 110 5 ... 6 1>46 n 5 n 7 5 Crosswaite 20 30
.... Mtndano. 3 (R. A. Smith) 102 3 ... 4 v4 4 n 8 8 Larsen 100 150
Time — :24, :40%, 1:O7V4. At post lft minutes. Off at 4:04. Ormonde, place, 1-3; show,
out. Bill, place, ,20; show, 8. Peter, show, .1-2. Winner, ch. h. by Ormonde-Miss
Urummell. Trained by A. Forbes. Scratched — Egyptian Princess, Olympian, Nonie,
Saul of Tarsus, Lozano,' Gladys Bell, Maiwells. Start good. Won easily. Next two
driving. Winner best. With more artlttic handling Peter J.- might have been second.
Ink too thick to run good this day. Ishtar can do better. St. George Jr. will im
prove. Flush of Gold appears to haye gone jtway^ baj*-^ _ '_ ¦ .' - • ,
OO2O. SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index) Horse" and Owner. IWt St. %. ft. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
W59~ Horton. a (Bianchi & McG.). 103 3 4 2^4 1%4 3 3 3 lh J. Lewis... 3 6
OtOS Last Knight. 5 (Lamasney).. 100 5 1 2Vil 2 1 % 2 n 2 1% Watson ... 30 15
6163 I Know, 6 (F. E. Burnell).... 05 1 2 1^2 n 2,H;I ft 3 B Wright .... 4 4
6559 Rey Dare, 0 (J. C. Nealon) ... 105 2 :J 4 113 3h 4 1^4 1 J. Jones. ... 11-5 13-5
«5S3 Axminster. 5: (W. . Randall).. 106 7 7 7 7 7 5 »4 Sherwood .. 5 .12
(C5("fl) Petrolla, 4 (D. McCarty) 100 6 5 1 5 2 5 lVi5 1 « 3 Bonner 7 7
5S75 Rosarie. 5 (C. W. Chappell) .*. 100 4 03 6 4 0 2 617 .Reed 7 5
Time— :24 :40ft, "1:14%. 1:41*4, 1:4S. At post 2% minutes. Off at 4:30 I 4. Horton, place.
2;)show, 4-5. Knight, place, 6; show. 2. Know, show, 7-10. Winner, ch. ' h. by El
j Rayo-Fusillade's LasL Trained by O. A. lilanchl. Start good. "Won In a hard drive
! of three. If Watson on I^ast Knight hnd hugged the rail Horton would have been
second. Latter ran very kindly for Lewis.- 1 Know ran a fair race. Rey Dare quit
before stretch was reached. Axminster sore and Sherwood could not hustle him any.
Rosarie weakly ridden. Winner bid up from $500 to $1500 by C.'McCafferty and sold.
SEVEN RUNS COME IN
In the Third liming Each
and Every Man on Team
Takes a Crack at the Bail
Champion Arrives pud Will
Soon Start Training for
His Battle With Munroe
Long Shots Frequent
Visitors at the Oak
land Track. I ,
James Mortimer Comes to
Act at the San Francis
co : . Kennel Club Show
Open Meeting in Aid of
Park Project Will Be
Held To -Morrow Night
SEATTLE STARS
USE BATS WELL
"JEFF" COMES
TO BEGIN WORK
FAMOUS JUDGE
OF DO GS HERE
SEEK WORKERS
FOR NEW TRACK
AFTER BEATING LAST KNIGHT A HEAD
HORTON IS TAKEN FROM SELLING RACE
DOG SHOW PORTALS WILL BE THROWN OPEN TO-DAY TO GENERAL PUBLIC
THE SAN FRANCISCO OALIj. WEDNESDAY.. APRIL 13, 1904.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
10
V . ADVHBTISEaLENTS> v
First Jn Sales!
Because
( J^^^ ) First in Quality
100,402,500
Bottles Sold
?*}P j .lrar6estv v Sales of any Brand
N 7/ of Bottled Beer -
When attendinc the World's Greatest Fair do not fail to visit
The Anheuser-Busch Brewery
~ The Home of Budweiscr « \
¦\' "' ' Ordera Promptly Filled by ' '
TILLMANN & BENDEL, Distributors, San Francisco, Calif. 'A motion for a nonsuit made in
the case of the JacaHtas^ Petroleum
Company against the Chicago Crude
Oil Company was granted by Judge
Hunt yesterday. It was an action to
recover $42,282 alleged by the Jaca
lltas company to have been lost to the
concern through the failure of the de
fendant corporation to carry out an
agreement concerning the Bale , of
properties in Kern County. The Jury
selected to try the case, was discharged
and the costs .incurred charged ; to' the
Dlaintiff, .
XotiHuits Oil Company.
Slie Incroasiis Demands.
Argument in the suit of the Califor
nia Pastoral and Agricultural Associa
tion against the Madera Canal and
Irrigation Company was heard by
Judge Seawell yesterday. The suit is
for an injunction to restrain the de
fendant from diverting the waters of
the Fresno River.
Injunction Suit Argued.
The Supervisors' Printing Commit
tee yesterday awarded a contract for
rebinding books for the County Clerk,
Auditor and Recorder to Beown &
Power for $1131 18. J. Kitchen, who
bid $1702 49, protested against the
award on the ground that the firm had
not filed a certified check. The com
mittee declared that a saving of
$571 31 is paramount to a tehenical
interpretation of the charter 'and
Kitchen thereupon withdrew his ob
jections.
Printing Committee Awards Book-
Binding Contract to. Firm. That
Failed to File Certified Check.
VIOLATES CHARTER, BUT
SAVES MONEY FOR CITY
Judge Daniels Tries Suit Involving
Value of Metal That Fell In Bay
and Was Recovered.
Justice of. the Peace Daniels was
called on yesterday to decide a knotty
point involving the loss, recovery and
trror.g delivery of five ingots of tin as
the result of a suit brought by the
Bristol Packing Company against the
PaciSe Coast Wrecking Company to
recover $1132. the value of the tin.
The testimony disclosed that the
Bristol Packing Company engaged the
Engineers' Hoisting: Association to
luad the brig Geneva at Howard-street
wharf and during the loading ten in-
EOta of tin fell from the sling into
the bay.
James Mackley. walking delegate of
the Engineers' Hoisting Association,
then employed the wrecking company,
which recovered five of the Ingots.
I'pon an order to deliver to the Bristol
Packing Company, signed by Mackley.
the tin was delivered to an express
man, but the latter company never re
ceived the tin and then sued for the
wrong delivery. Judge Daniels was
unable to untangle the resulting com
plications and the opposing attorneys
I>romi!fed to submit briefs on the re
sponsibility of their respective clients.
TO HX RFSPONSIBILITY
FOR LOSS OF TIN INGOTS
j of Trade to collect an exhibit of Cali-
I fornia products to be shown perma
nently in Switzerland. It was voted to
provide such an exhibit.
Mr. Emery reported that the Har
bor Commissioners will to-day take up
plans for the construction of a fine
j approach to the exhibition hall of the
! State Board of Trade from the grand
J nave of the Ferry building. The plans
call for the expenditure of $3000.
W. H. Mills reported the completion
of the great globe to be exhibited in
; the San Francisco building at the St.
i Louis Exposition. This will indicate
! the sea routes of travel and will
demonstrate the distances by sea be
tween San Francisco and the 'great
seaports of the world by way of the
Panama canal. He caused some sur
prise by showing that as most of
j South 'America was east of New Tork,
the west end of the Panama canal
•will, by great circle sailing, be nearer
to San Francisco than it will be to
Los Angeles. Application for the
j globe as an attraction in the rooms of
the State Board of Trade after the ex
position closes was made by Manager
Briggs. The application will come be
fore the San Francisco committee hav
ing in charge the making of the ex
hibit at St. Louis.
It was suggested by Mr. Emery that
a special car be chartered to take the
State Board of Trade party to Modesto
to attend the coming irrigation jubilee
marking the completion of the Mo
i dosto and Turlock irrigation system, to
i which the board has been invited. A
! committee was appointed to attend to
S the matter.
Director S. F. Booth and Secretary
Fletcher reported concerning the ex
cursion of business men to the St.
Louis Exposition the State Board of
Trade has planned. The special train
carrying the representative business
j men will leave this city on May 13.
j Mr. Booth reported that he would do
j everything in his power and that he
was working for the success of the
excursion. Secretary Fletcher said it
might be necessary to run the special
train out in two sections. The sub
ject of the excursion was compara-
{ tively new, but assurances were com
ing in and also applications for accom-
I modations on the special. He judged
i that the excursion would prove to be
of benefit to the State. The board
voted to have Mr. Fletcher go to St.
Louis on the special train to person
ally conduct the party.
A happening of the monthly meet
ing was the introduction of the new
members of the board ¦_ of directors,
William Haas, S. F. Booth and Harry
D. Loveland. Each new director spoke
briefly, assuring the board of appre
ciation of the Rvalue of . the work the
board has carried on and promising*
full and hearty co-operation in all
ways possible.
A. lodging-house keeper complained
that the cheese in a delicate 3en s'ore
at 345 McAllister strc-ot was so odorous
that it was driving her lodgers away,
as they did -not dare open the windows
of their rooms. A Health Inspector
was directed to investigate.
Yesterday a man complained to the
Health Office that a rooster in the
yard at 212 Golden Gate avenue crows
all night and disturbs his slumbers.
Deputy Health Officer Levy gave or
ders to have the feathery disturber
removed.
of Disturbed Slumbers and Driv
ing Away of Roomers.
Complaints Are Filed at Health Office
ROOSTER CROW'S ALL NIGHT
AND CHEESE IS MALODOROUS
"Whatever might' have been the
rights of the petitioners, therefore, if
their licenses had been revoked, I am
of the opinion that a mere regulation
of the exercise of the privilege grant
ed will not confer a rignt to the re
turn of the moneys paid. As the
Board of Supervisors cannot legally
allow an illegal demand it is without
legal power to refund the .amounts
claimed, and you are so advised."
"It is not nepess.iry to the decision of
this matter that we should pass upon
the question whether, in the event of
the revocation of a license without
cause and before the expiration of the
term for which it is granted, there is
any legal obligation on the part of
the city to refund a proportionate
amount of the tax, since' it does not
appear in this case that the license
has been revoked. On the contrary,
it does appear that there was nothing
done by the municipality or any of its
officers limiting the use and operation
of the machines in any part of the
city and county other than on such
premises as were used for the sale of
liquor. And even in such places the
machine eould be used and operated
provided liquors were not sold.
City Attorney Long yesterday ad
vised the Board of Supervisors that it
has no legal power to refund license
taxes paid in advance for the quarter
ending September 30, 1903, on slot
machines which were ordered out by
the Police Commissioners. The opin
ion says: *
Supervisors Not to Return Fees
Paid in Advance.
City Attorney Long Advises Board of
SLOT MACHINE LICENSES
JiUST NOT BE REFUNDED
Mr. Bernard is an immense favorite
In this city and his popularity and that
of his colleagues is sure to result in
crowded houses.
Before leaving Bernard and his asso
ciates will play a farewell engagement
of two weeks at the Grand Opera
house, beginning next Sunday matinee.
The bill for the first week will be the
successful musical skit, "Hoity-Toity"
and for the. second and last week'
"Fiddle-Dee-Dee," Whirl-I-Gig" and
'The Big Little Princess."
Barney Bernard, whose fame as a
Hebrew Impersonator has spread
throughout the land, is shortly to try
his fortune in Australia, in company
Maude Amber, Flossie Hope and
Gertie Emerson.
Barney Bernard and
Koib and Dill to
Opnart
FAMOUS HEBREW IMPEREON- ' j
ATOR WHO "WILL APPEAR AT J
THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. [
Decrees of divorce were granted yes
terday to Isabel S. Hamilton from John
C. Hamilton for cruelty, Regina Hitch
cock from Isaac M. Hitchcock for de-
Fertion and Gesina M. Smith from John
J. Smith for neglect.
Suits for divorce were filed by Lillie
F><?rnzott against August Bernzott for
desertion, Freda Bell Keslar against
Orin A. Keslar for neglect, Najeeb S.
Har.ief against NezzJ^y Hanief for de
s»?rt5on. Max London against Eva
Rachel London for desertion, Lillian
Vorce Wallace against Ellwood" St.
Clalr Wallace for cruelty and neglect
and Day S. Hutchins against Estelle
Hutchins for desertion.
llanscn. who says she is in indigent
circumstances and suffering for the
necessaries of life. She says that not
withstanding Hansen earns a good sal
cry he owes her $195.
Mrs. Moore's testimony was cor
roborated by the deposition of Miss
Grace Love of Camden, X. J., who
¦while residing in the same house with
the Moorcs witnessed many of the acts
complained of by Mrs. Moore. Miss
said that on one occasion Moore
Ftarted to draw a razor across his
wife's throat, but changed his mind
and chased her through the house with
a loaded revolver.
Harry Emerson Corwin, son of G. W.
Corwin of Fruitvale, does not like the
idea of having to pay alimony pending
the trial of the suit for divorce on the
ground of desertion brought against
him by Mary Josephine Corwin, acrd so
has filed an affidavit pleading poverty.
In the affidavit, which was filed yes
torday. he says he is physically unable
to earn a living and is being supported
bjr his father. Therefore he jvays the
court to deny his wife's application.
Lars C. Hansen, a cook at the Mont
gomery coffee-house, 426 Montgomery
street, has been cited to appear in the
Superior Court to show cause why he
has failed to comply a decree of
court directing him to contribute $23 a
month toward the support of his wife
and five children. The citation was is
sued yesterday on complaint of Mrs.
Jhcnas K. Moore, -who at present re
eides at 44 Maiden lane, New York,
abused his -wife. Eleanor, for almost
ten long years. She tirpd of it two
years ago, lett him and came out here,
where she has instituted divorce pro
ceedings. Her tale of woe was heard
jesterday r-y Judge Kerrigan and he
pTantod her a decree on the ground of
extreme crucJty. her evidence showing
that he had a habit of knocking her
ri^ad against the vails cf their home,
threatening her life and doing many
other things that mad? her life mis
rrab'.e.
The immigrant officials say that th<i
cases referred to are those of twelve
Chinese who arrived on the steamship
Doric on February 25, of this year.
Eleven came in the steerage and were
entered on the ship's manifest as "of
ficial servants for the Chinese section
at the Louisiana Purchase Exposi
tion." They had the appearance of
coolies and traveled, ate. slept and
dressed as such. Rule 44 of the regu
lations of the department adopted July
27, 1903, reauires all Chinese persons,
excepting Chinese diplomathc officers or
their attendants, to present ascertain
prescribed certificate from the Chinese
Government. ' None of the eleven steer
age passengers exhibited such certi
ficates, but they had letters and other
documents which the Immigrant offi
cials are not allowed to recognize. A
leport was telegraphed to Washing
ton, D. C, and pending the arrival of
the reply the servants and the cabin
rassenger were kept on board the
steamship for four days, at the end of
which time they were, with one ex
ception, permitted to land and resume
their journey. The exception was Chin
Ah Sheng, -who was denied a landing
because he was afflicted with a loath
some contagious disease.
The cabin passenger, in conformity
with the regulations, was required to
give a bond in the small sum of $500
as security for his going back to China
after the" close of the exposition.
Officials of the United States Immi
grant Bureau at this port were amused
yesterday on reading a newspaper dis
patch announcing that the Chinese
Minister at Washington, D. C, had
filed with the State Department a pro
test against the treatment of certain
Chinese who had landed here on the
way to the exposition at St. Louis.
The dispatch represents Chang Yon
Torig, secretary of the Chinese World's
Fair Commission, as saying:
My countrymen were subjected to humiliat
ing treatment at . San Francisco," where they
were held up by the customs officials for two
days, despite the fact that they had sufficient
money with them to Justify the statements
that they were reputable citizens of China
and not paupers.
They also had signed letter* from the Amer
ican Consul at Pekinc stating their financial
and social standing In China, but they were
forced to furnish a bond In the sum of $«>0O
gold each before the customs officials would
release them. • ;
KXIIiniT *X)R SWITZERLAND.
Manager Briggs reported that A.
Borel, Consular representative of
Switzerland, had requested the Board
Colonel Irish suggested that the
Board of Trade ought to have bound
copies of all the annual reports of the
organization at Washington for ref
erence, with the Department of Com
merce and with the Department of
Agriculture. To instance the need of
this he said he had found that the
board at Washington having under
consideration the selection of a Cali
fornia site for the national experimental
farm was laboring under the belief
that the necessary climate could only
be obtained in Southern California.
He had reports of the California State
Board of Trade and these had sfiown
the Washington board that the Sac
ramento Valley was the place for the
farm. This incident illustrated the use
that could be made of the statements
contained in the annual reports of the
State Board of Trade if they were al
ways available at Washington.
On canal substation — N. P. Chip
man, ex-officio; John P. Irish, William
Haas, Arthur R. Briggs, S. F. Booth,
T. C. Friedlander.
Each commercial organization will
have a representative on the canal
substation committe.
On instruction camp — N. P. Chip
man, W. H. Mills, H. D. Loveland,
John P. Irish, Edwin Stearns, George
C. Perkins.
Manager A. R. Briggs said that If a
proper effort were made it would be
possible to have the canal commission
substation here and that the canal
commission would pass a part of the
year here* on account of the climate at
the isthmus during certain seasons. A
substation at San Francisco for the ca
nal would prove of great importance.
W. H. Mills said that it -would be well
to have the co-operation of all /the
commercial bodies of San Francisco.
Upon motion by Colonel Irish it was
voted that the committee to be ap
pointed on canal should be instructed
to seek co-operation on the part of or
ganizations in San Francisco. On sug
gestion by Mr. Briggs it was decided
that President X- P- Chipman of the
State Board of Trade should be ex
officio chairman of the committee on
instruction camp and* also on the canal
substation matter. These two commit
tees, as made up. Include the following
named :
Colonel Irish called attention to the
importance of having a substation for
the Panama canal at San Francisco.
Through such a substation, he said, a
large amount of business would come
to San Francisco. If the cement and
lumber men of California were alive,
for instance, there would be an expend
iture of $60,000,000 to $70,000,000 for Cali
fornia materials to be used in the con
struction of the canal. This was based
upon the supposition that the United
States customs tariff will protect the
canal strip.
Colonel Irish said that when he was
recently in Washington h^ found that
the different' California 'parties inter
ested in securing the camp for their
respective localities were wrangling.
He appeared before the Military Com
mittee of the House as a representa
tive of the California State Board of
Trade. Captain Hull of the committee
said that the Californians that had ap
peared had made enough damaging al
legations concerning the climate in lo
calities other than their own to destroy
the climatic reputation of the whole
State of California. Another commis
sion will be appointed to consider the
selection of a camp of instruction, if
the camp is near San Francisco it will
insure the continuance of the transport
service between San Francisco and the
Philippine Islands.
CAXAL. SUBSTATION.
Situated in this vicinity. Mr. Mills re
marked, the institution would better
distribute its benefits throughout Cali
fornia than if located anywhere else. It
ought to be in some county near the
bay.
The camp will have from 3000 to 7000
in it for instruction a great deal of the
time. There would be demands for
supplies, forage and other things that
could be* most 'conveniently furnished
from this center. He moved the ap
pointment of a committee to act. This
motion was seconded by Colonel John
P. Irish and was unanimously adopted.
Several important matters were
brought before the California State
Board of Trade yesterday at a monthly
meeting. V»'. H. Mills said that every
thing possible ought to be done to have
the Government select a site for the
proposed instruction camp for the
United States army near San Fran
cisco.
Bulwer alleged in his bill of equity
filed August 1, 1902, that in the early
part of 1901 he was the owner of 5000
shares of the stock of the Yukon Crude
Oil Company and 20,000 shares of Rex
Crude Oil Company. These companies
were consolidated into a corporation,
known as the Union Consolidated
Crude'Oil Company, and- it was alleged
that by reason of such consolidation
the shares of the Yukon Crude Oil
Company were increased In number 50
per cent and those of the Ameridan
Fuel Oil Company 20 per cent. Bul
wer received 47,500 shares in the Con
solidated Oil Companies of California
in exchange for his holdings in the
original companies. It was alleged that
three directors of the Union Consolid
ated Crude Oil Company and its secre
tary, without consent of the stockhold
ers, "by some illegal and fraudulent
means"- transferred to the Consolidat
ed Oil Companies of California all the
franchises and property of the other
companies.
Owing to the"death of Hen?y F. Bul
wer at Boulogne, France, the suit in
¦which he was plaintiff and the Yukon
Crude Oil Company, C. S. Benedict, F.
W. Sumner, H. A. Jones, Henry J.
Crocker, Easton, Eldridge & Co., Wen
dell and George Easton and others
were defendants was dismissed yester
day in the United States Circuit Court
on stipulation. An affidavit by J. C.
McGarvin, Public Administrator of Los
Angeles County, recited that the com
plainant died on April 19, 1903, and that
it was deemed for. the best interests of
all parties that the suit should be dis
missed. It was agreed that without
Bulwer's evidence the suit could not be
won.
Deposition of Miss Love
Woman's Charges of Cruelty
Are Corroborated by the
Committee Is Appointed for
Purpose of Securing Local
Station for Panama Canal
Mongolians Arrive Without
Credentials and Are Com
pelled to Prove Status
Demise of the Complainant
Destroys Evidence That
Cannot Be Replaced Now
EXPOSITION EXCURSION
PROVE TO BE COOLIES
ABUSES HER f6h YEARS
ALLEGATION OF FEAUD
His Wife Tells Tale of Woe
to Judge Kerrigan and Ob
tains Decree of Divorce
Seeks to Have Military Camp
of Instruction Placed in
Proximity to Metropolis
Story of Alleged Mistreat
ment of Chinese Visitors
( to World's Fair Is Refuted
Celebrated Yukon Oil Case
Dismissed by Consent iii
the U. S. Circuit Court
TRADE BOARD'S
PROJECTS GROW
MOORE MAKES
POOR HUSBAND
CHARGE AMUSES
THE OFFICIALS
BULWER'S DEATH
ENDS HIS SUIT
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, '] WEDNESDAY, 'APRIL 13, .1904.
COMEDIANS
WILL VISIT
AUSTRALIA
11
At the next h^arins of the suit for
maintenance of Nettie Blumenthal
nsrainst her husband. Emil Blumen
thal, son of B. Blumenthal, a wealthy
glove manufacturer, Fhe v.ill ask for
an increase of her allowance for
counsel ffees from $50 to $200 and the
obst* from $25 to $75. An amended
complaint was filed by airs. Blumen
thal yesterday. This action is the re
fuH of Blumenthal's father'* attempt
Jo defeat the action of his daughter
in-law by tretifyinp that his son is a
mental weakling and incapable of
earning the $25 a month she asks for
h<*r support.
ordeal through which the ex-
l%!^ &S P JTb &* pectant mother must pass usually is
ll^iiii P SO °^ su^ e " n Si danger and fear'
| tl §«S « at s^ ie s foi^'ard to the critical
hour with apprehension and dread.
Mother's Friend, by its penetrating and soothing properties
allays nausea, nervousness, and all unpleasant feelings, and
so prepares the system for the «¦
ordeal that she passes through SMy^li&P^^fl^^/S^
have testified and said, "it is •
worth its weight in gold." $1.00 per pC^^H4^0^|^f§
bottle of druggists. Book containing || § w(t llsPy
valuable information mailed free. fl u M^^IIhHm
THE BRADTIELD BCGUUTOR CO., AUmU. Ga.
BAILWAY IBAVEL
CALIFORNIA . I
LIMITED TO CHICAGO I
LEAVES DAILY i
at J)!."JO a. fa., through In 3 dayo, fl
with diner and all trapping*. 9
Other Santa re Trains:
l'-v\ »' S'l for Stockton. Fresno. Bakerafleld.
8:00 p! raj Merced. Hanford and Vlealla.
4 :00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. ana
Terry Depot. S. 7. Alto Ilia Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 Sontn Plrst St,
San Jo«e.
CALIFORNIA'NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAILWAY COHPAVT.
Tiburon Terry. Toot of Market Street
SAK FRANCISCO TO SAW RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. »:<J0. 11:00 a. ra.; 12:3i.
3:30. 0:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
st 11:30 p. m. •
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:80 and 11:30 p. m
BUNDATS— S:0O. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30.
3:30 &:C0. 6:20. 11:30 p. ra.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAK POAXCXSCO.
WEEK 1>AYS— 6:06. 7:35. 7:3U. V/JU. 11:18
a. ra.; 12:60, 3:40 6:00. 6:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:39 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40.
3:40. 4:M. 6:03. 6:2S p. m.
Leave I la Effect 1 Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. I San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I De»tlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. | Uon. I days. | Days.
7:30 al 9:00 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:30a Igntclo. 10:40a 10:20 a
3:S0p 3:30p 6:06 p «:»>p
6:10 pi 6:00 p 1:33 p
7:30 a ~~ 9:10 al 3:40 a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma «:05 ;> Op
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
6 :00 p Santa Rosa. . |
7:30 al I . |10:40 a 110:20 a
I 8:00 a] Fulton. I 7:33 p| 0:20 p
3;3Op[3:3Op| \ (
Windsor,
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdaburff, 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p -Geyserville. 7:35 p 0:20 p
Cloverdals. . .
l 7:30 a 8:00 a Hopland 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:3Op| and Uklah. 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00*| WUIlts. 1 7:33 p| 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:00 al 110:40 a|10;20 a
3:30 pf 3:30 p( Guerneville. |7:35p|6:20p
7:30 at 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p[ 5:00 p[ Glen. Ellen. | 6:06 p| 6:20 p
7:30a|8:00al 110:40 a|10:20 *
5:30 pi 3:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:33 pj fl:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
: Quentln, at Santa Rosa .for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton fcr Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lyttoif Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdals fcr
the Geysers, BoonevlUe and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs
1 Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Lierly's
Bucknells. Sanhedrin Heights. HullvlIIe. Orr"i
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptcbe. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
West Point, Usal; at Wllllta for Fort Bragg.
! Westport Sherwood. Canto, Covelo. Layton-
ville, Cannntngs, Bell's Springs. Harris, Ol-
sen's. Dyer, Garberville. Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. .
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at naif ratea.
Ticket offices, 630 Market street. Chronicle
building. ¦-¦'¦'•
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas*. Agt.
' TQSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY, ,
HILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
- . Via Satusalito T erry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Klectric—
Depart from San Francisco Dally 7:00, 8:00,
9:00 10:00 11:00 a. m.i 12:20, 1:45, 3:15, 4:15,
5:15' 6:15, 7:00, 3:45, 10:20,' 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Daily, 5:25, 6 :a3, 7:40. 8:35. 9:35. 11:05 a.
m. 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 5:45. 6:45.
8:45. 10:20 p.m. -
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally, 5:45, 6:55, -7:52, 8:55, 0:55,
11:20 a." m.. 12:35. 2:C0. 3:15.-4:03. 5:05. 6:05,
7:05, 9:00, 10:33 p. m. ¦
FOR FAIRFAX — Depart 8:00 a. m. and 5:15
p. m. week days; 9:00, 9:00. 10:00. ll:0O a. m..
12:20 and 1:45 p. m. Sundays. .
.THROUGH TRAINS:.
8:00 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m. week, days (Saturday exceptcd)—
Tomales and way stations. -
3 :1B p. m. *Saturdays-^Cazadero and ¦'• way
stations.
- Sundays : only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations.- ' " - ..¦¦¦¦¦"* • ¦ ¦•
TICKET OFFICE— 62« Market nt. '
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. T am alpais Railway
'¦¦ Leave --• fla aassalilt Tsrrr I * < Arrive /,-». ¦"
asaiFranctsest lest sf larks* fc, . 9aa Praaeiecsj -
- Week Son. -.. . > .^ggg^-^ - S«a» |We*k" *
Par*, davs jfjSSBmt^ day» Days.
«iimi*8:ooa tmkkUMM litoFr foii«i
•l:45r 9:00a BBwWW IstBr *:S0p
•:1ft* 1O:OOa W£» S:SOp a-.SOp
i.ii"" 11:OOa. » W 4iSOp txM»
........ l:*5p Wf n»t»
Ssbsjss; titt ttap is? _ fjfmmiTOIntmf
t «36 MAaxn 3T,(Nort» Shot* iUilnasV
| tfflCB 1 aad SaosAurrs KaaaT. Foot afarksa Sc
Weekly Call, $1 per YeaK,
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
/VX^Ov >\ Tralne leave and are
/Q/^%A^\ du.farrtT.at
IV)bftsei«^MASTAJ£j SAN FKANCISCO.
V *Vv Jt^X, It'. I Fbo« ' A r b il 10. 1904.
V'Nv^^^y/ TimDnw
>O^ | T/ /Toot of M*rket Stfeet )
l»»t, - MAIN LINE. -Awrr»
7C0*. V»c»Tllle. Wtat«T». r.amiejr.. 7-SOp
7-03a Benlcls, Salsan. Elmlrs sod Sicrv
menio 7.20p
7-30a Yalleja. Kspn. Cslistocs, Ssat*
Kojs. Martinez, San Kamon 6-20?
7-S0a Nlles. Llrermore. Trscy, Lmthrop.
Stockton 7.20'
8 00* Ebssts- Express — (Vis, D»»!»),
Wtlilam* (tor Bartlett Springs).
Willow* tKruto. Ked BluJ. -
Portland.' Tacoma. Seattle 7-5O»
1.00a Dnris. Woodland. Kniebts Landlag,
Marysrille. OroTille 7.50?
1. 30* Fort Costa, Martinez. Antloch,
Byroa. Tracy. Stockton. New-
. man. Los Banos. Mendota.
Armona. Hanford, VI tails,
PorwrTllle 4.20r
S.30* Port Costa. Larhrop. Modesto,
Merced. Fresno, Gothen Junc-
tion. Hanford, Vlsalla, Bakers-
fleld 4.50p
8.30* KUes, Saa Jose. LtTeraore. Stoci-
tnn. ('.M 11 ton), lone. Saerameato,
PlacerrUle. MarysTUle. Cnteo,
Red Bin !T 4.20*-
830* Oakdale. Cntnese, Jamestown. So-
norn. Tuolcmne and Angels 4 20r,
5 no* Atlactlc Express— Oirden and East. 11.20*
940* Rlcbmond, Martinez and Way
Stations 850r
10 CO* The Orerlnnd Limited — Of den,
Denrer. Omaha, Chicago. 6.20?
10.00a Vallejo. 12.20*
10.00a Los Anfreles Passenger — Port
Costa, Martinez. Byron, Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Fresno. Gosnen Jane*
tlon, Haaford, Lemoore, Visalla.
Bakersflold. Los Angeles 7-20*
12.00* H.jwird. Nlles and Way Stations. 3.20f>
ti.COr Smcrsmento Rlrer Steamers. til. 00^
3 30r. B'ntcU. Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knlgats Landing,
'";', '¦¦« UarysTllle, Orofllle and way •
staUoas 1050*
SZOr Bay ward. N'Wes and Way Stations.. 7.50r
3 30 r Port Costa. Martinez. Byron.
Tracy, Lm tbrop. Modesto.
Merced, Beri>n4a, Fresno and
It'ay Stmtions beyond Port Costa 12 23r
S-30r Tesemlte Valley. Moa.. We«.. Frl. 9.20a
SZOe Msxtlnfr. Tracy, Stockton. Lodl... 10.20m
4.C0r Martlnez,SanIUmon.ValleJo,Nsp«,
Callstoca, Sunta Rosa. 3 20*
4 C0p Kites. Tracy. Stockton. LodJ 4.20r
430r Uaywanl. Ntles. Irrtngtea, San I tg.SOm
i .lose. Ll»ennore.. | J11.50*
: IXOr Tbe Owl Limited— Newmts, Los
Banos. Mendota. Fresno. Tulare,
BakeriSeld. Los Angsles.
Golden Sute Limited Sleeper,
Oakland to Los Acpelei. for C&l-
ctgo, y!» C. R. I. * P. (last trip
April ») $.»*
600r Pert Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12-20p
t6 3Qr Hayward. Kites and San Jose 7.23*.
6.00p Hayward. >• lies and San Jose 350*
80l)r Eastern Express— 0 it den. DeaTtr.
Omaha, St. Lonls. Chicago an-i
East. Port Costa. Bentcla. Snl-
sun. Elmlra, DstIs, Sacramento^
Rocklln. Anb'ira. Colfax.
Tracts. Boca, lteno. Wada-
wonh. Tflnnemncca 520?
• .00r Vallejo, dally, except Suadiy... . » 7 .»»
7^0? Tallejo, Snodsy only ( /our
7.00p klubmond, san Pablo, Port Costs.
Mar:!nei\cJ,\Vty Kutlons 11.20a
I.CEp Oregon * California Bxpress— Sae-
rmtuiRlo, MarysTllla. Keddlnc.
Portland. Pa:«t Sonnd sad East. 8.50*
I.IOr Hayward, Miles and Saa Jose (Son-
day only) ..... 11.50*
COAST LINE L (S»rr»w Unf).
(foot ef llsrket Street.)
7-4Sa 8antaCnuExccnion(5andayonly) 810t»
S-15* Kewwk. OenterrfUe. San Join,
Felton. Boalaer Creek, Santm
Cms and Way Stations... S55p
Z.ISr Sewark, CentorYtlle. Sin Jose,
New Almitden.Los Ontot.Fe'.toa.
Bonlder Creek, S»at» Criu and
Prlcclpal Way Stations f!0 55»
4.16P Kewmrk. 8»nJosr. LosUttos and I tl-5S •
way station* ) M0 55*
OAKLAND HARBOR TERRY.
From SAh t HAN CISCO, Foul of Market St. (SlipO
-t7:15 >:W iwna. 1.00 300 S.ISr.a.
¦ Vress OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t«:(» t3:OT
1t:0i 10:00 a.m. 1200 2 00 400 r.M.
COAST LINE (Broad «*¦».).
, gjr~ (f htrd «nd Towaxad Streets.)
6.10a sianJote and Way Stations 8.30P
t700* San Jose and Way Stations 5 40*
7.15a Moaterey and Santa Cruz Kzenr-
iloa (Snndsy only) 10 30?
8.00a Xbv Almaden (Tue«.. Fr'.d., only), 4.10'
8 00* The Coa*t<r — Stops only San Jose.
Gllroy (connection for Hollls-
ter). Pajaro. Castrortlle (eon-
neetlon to and from Monterey
and Psclfle Groxe). Salinas. Saa
Ardo, Paso Robles Sinu Mar- \
C»rlts, San Lull Obiipo, principal
stations tbence 8urf (connection
for Lompoc). principal stations -
thence Santa Bmrbara.Ssa Baena-
rentnra. Barbank. Los Angeles . 10 43V
•¦00a Ian Jose, Tres Finos. Cipltol*.
SanuCrnz.PactaeOrore.Saltnas,
Ban Luis Ob!s?o snd Prlnctpsi
- Way Sutloos 4.10*
J0.3Oa San Jose and Way StaUons 120?
11.30a Santa Clara, San Jose, Los Gatoe
and Wmy Station* ... .'. ' 7.30p
UOr S aD j O se and Way Stations ... _.. 8 Soi
, S OOP Del Monte Kxpreis— Santa Clara.
Safe Jo««, Del Monte, Monterey.
PaciSe GroTe (connects at Santa
¦ Clara, pxrep; Stindsr. for Sinu
Crai, Boalaer trrrk and Ktrrow
' GangePotBU) at Gllroy for Uol-
¦ lister. Trea Ptnos. at Pajaro for . -
Santa Crux, at CaatroTllle for
Salinas 1219*
3-30P Tres Plnos Way Pa«senrer 10 4Sa
4 30? »sn Jo«e snd Way Sutions t8 00*
tS 00 r EaiU Clara. Saa Jose. Los G»toi.
and principal Way stations (ex-
eeptSandsy) +9 00*
IS-30r 6anJeseandPrtnelpailWaySutlons S3. 40*
6 48' Kanset Limited.— Redwood. San
Jose. Ollroy.SaUnas.Paso Kobles,
6aa Lots Oblspo. Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles. Demlatt. El P<*o.
Kew Orleans. New Tork. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Crai
snd st CastrovllI* for PaclSe
Grove and Way Stations 7.19m
IS IBp Ebd M»teo.Here*far<l. Belmont. 3*a
- ' Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks. -
MenloPark. Palo Alto '. tS.4S*
5 30t Can Jose and Way Stations 6 33*.
BOOr Palo Alto and Way Su:Toos 10.15a
11.30)* boiitb"&»nFrsnclsco, Mlllbrae. Bnr-
. lta:»me. San Xsteo. Belmont.
San Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
• » ¦'¦ Memo Park, and f»'o Alto 945p
• 11.30p Mayfleld. Jlount»In-Vletr. Sonny-
.?ale. Lawrence. Santa Clara and
San Jose ? 1945p
AforMornlua. Pfor Afiernooa.
1 Sunday excepted. i Sunday only.
a Saturday only. .
I Stop* at all stations oa Saeday.
t»~Only trains stopptac at Valencia St. sovthboaad
«rf 6:10*.M.. 7:00*. M, 7:15 A. M.. 11:30*. M-, 3:30p.m..
•:30 r. si. and S:0O r. si.
--jiiiii'iiiLJ-.j '" innnrrmirn
c(Sfl^Rra£s%l C»BlgOfnrnnn»tortl
dsaFblul^rJu dlseliar««s,lnfl»mmatlon«,
MEM e»«mat«d V Iriitaticos or alterations
|S| B ai t* ttrtotirt. " of mucous membranes.
i* -f Prm»» CMtmth*. Painless, and not Mtrlo«
W7m\m ETM8 CxtMltllCa. gent or pcieonons.
WA W»miUTLOJEa| Sal.briyrnaYista.
V.K.A. JH or s«t in pUIn wrapiwr.
- JB^^^>- -.^M^l - fcy «xpr«ra. prepaid, fee
V^sSsfeBSKi^ »l.0O.orlbott!*s»3.7S.
' ¦ Clreola/ it&t oa rtaat«t
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ~^
H j£&Sl& S^*^\<i// A> MILLION ROMPING, ROT- fi
M Am!5&* -^e^teSE^ STERING AMERICAN BOYS, I
n fa&r > tho kind tnat eat t°° much pie I
M f» t«\ whenever they get a chance,
H Ss± vnflSR know-that there's a sweet little
B g^% MmM& fragrant medicine tablet — a
9 - , 5tt \^ "** Sr^ pleasure to eat it — that cures
m ' f JL~* V that torture of childhood —
I } J SMALL BOYS* COLIC. Some-
i W^^^K"'' *^r times the littlo girls get it too
m s^^^^V \dr —but OASOARSTS Candy Ca-
13 "taTV^ ' Ju ' thartic, the perfect bowel and
3 xgT" liver medicine and preventive
1 Jf^^^^^ SL of childhood's ailmente, keep
•1 iglgfWWtnilLIm^^^^ the children's stomachs and
i systems always in perfectly
M healthy condition. "Wisemoth-
1 / ers always keep a box handy in
H C'&923HmH&E8UP' th0 couse - A11 druggists, 10c,
I S//$e£g&& £^ \^^ 25c? eOa Be sure you ffet the
% f /JWmtMr&mS Jy genuine — each tablet marked
1 //W&Pyr)Trn Jr OOO. Sample and booklet
I . I W /f\ S " Th ** STERTiTNQ REMEDT OO^
I ' }gT m?ft*t OhicaiioorNewYork.
1^^ N CATHARTIC «s*&g^&^
ANNUAL SALE-TEN MILLION BOXES
' , Greatest In the World ' m J
ADVEETISEMENTS. '0W&
,5 . i^^^^^^^ ¦ l he be5t treatment is to cut^j
H WtsW' \51p an A^ cock>s Porous Plaster D
m ax&xL\^*!$/5ar s * ze an< l shape required and 1
B .^^ f<^^^^f -^XlW* 1^ to P art effected. There's n
fl yt; nothing that will give such ¦
W/ Jj$ A For Sprains or to take the Stiff ness or
yk- 4J& Soreness out of over-yrbrked inuscles
I • H tl and rnake them strong- and supple, noth-
\^m I AIIc©ck^s
\ nH^ ( POKOUS piasters n
Wff ~- ¦ ¦"" y_ \ ' ¦ ' m * ¦ - ¦ ¦ 1 1 '^r oi* ovcr-cxprtiofi ¦ ** »*
I ¦*! ¦'¦¦¦/ CAUTION— Like all good things Allcock's Por- 9
1 If ous asters have been imitated; but it is \n appearance" 1
m, ||- I only that the imitation resembles Allcock's. "None ,¦
B. JJ I have the healing, strengthening and pain-relieving. B
|pj| /I V properties. contained jin the "Allcock's. ', Fur-; : || :
1 | /V- ¦^^' thermore, A 11 cock's" Plasters areTabsolutely.: / U
¦ wsssi«__J^& s*fe as they do not contain belladonna,' opium V 11
Always Insist on having: the genuine. . ; - '-.JjTHE SAN FRANCISCO. GALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13, 190*.
12
;O3K ». SF3.ECXELS. Proprietor.
\V. J.MARTIN Bnsin^ss^Managpr
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
n^-: You With tbe Department \o\i Wish.
Publication Office Market *«* Third. S. F.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Can1ers~20 O«. Per Woek 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies o,*- 1 " 1^... h .
TernJ by Mail. Includir.* Portage (each With .
7 Order! : " «« on !
DULY CALL Hnclud. Sunday). 1 >" ar ---^," 1
DAILY CALL (tnclud Sunday). 6 rtv«.... 4_w
DAILY CALI^-By Single Month *** |
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year - • i
WEEKLY CALL 1 lear. v^.. kx l t n« .
FOREIGN J E=§a».^H3 Ter Year Extra !
POSTAGE. I w£S3£ 1 00 Per Year Extra I
ALL POSTMAPTEKS ARE AUTHORIZED ,
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS
6ample Copies wi:i be f<*rwar^ed when re- |
quested. I
Mail subscribers In ordering change or »i- >
Crers ehould be particular to give both NETN |
AND OLD ADDP.ESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re- j
Quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Ercadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
t:*f Center Street Telephone North »7
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton |
— - — — *
NEW TOKX NEWS FTANTS: j
Wfe'.flcrf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 j
Vnlon Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave- >
rue Hctel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS FT AN DP:
Sherman House; P. <». News Co.: Great ,
Northern Hctel; Tremnnt House; Auditorium ,
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
<~r-iM).-r l-onr.vrs? Marnnette FJuildlnK I
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — $6500: GRILL and barroom, with S-year
lease; rent $50; the leading business of Ho
kind in manufacturing: town about tiO miles
from S. F.; a rare chance for any live man
¦wha wishes to make money; value In sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2«'.i Kearny st.
A— $450; DELICATESSEN and pork store;
about 1 Mock south of •Market: sales averagt
$550 p«-r month; owner has another business
and must sacrifice. Call R. G. WILKE, 26 \.
Kearny st. v
$250 SECURES interest In light office work
whereby party can easily clear $90 monthly;
references exchanged: experience not neces-
sary; live man wanted; bona fide proposition.
Particulars HX)7^ Market st., room 1.
$7(X> — CANDY and ice cream parlor; money
maker; rent $18; everything complete; fine
locality; grand opirartunjty. Particulars
1U07 4 Market st., room 1.
NOTICE, hotel men, notice— Furnished hotel.
21 Iwds, with bar; mining town; give 3-year
lease, rent $50. G. A. SPARKS. Reddlng.Cal.
$125— PARTNER wanted In brokers and in-
surance office; experience not necessary;
must have some references; good opening.
lW7!j Market Et.. room 1.
A— $12r>0; CORNER grocery etore on Kearny
St.; full value in sight; a splendid chance
for an ltaiian. Call R. G. WILKE. 2tf'.4
Kearny Ft.
A— $750; SALOON on Montgomery st.; place
established years; owner clearing about $125
per month: investigate; a bargain. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26»^ Kearny st.
A— 5750; CORNER saloon on Howard St.: safe,
cash register: pool table, etc.; rent $30; 2
rooms; position of $200 per month accepted
by owner cause of sale. R. G. WILKE,
2>>V4 Kearny st.
A — $3000; CAFE and grill room in one of the
best located hotels of this cltyl rent $100; a
splendid chance for an active young man
knowing his business; lease; liberal terms
given. Call R. G. .WILKE, 26H Kearny st.
A — 1500; salocn, close to Mason and Market;
rent $110; a place established years and doing
a lim -class raying bufineFs; value in sight.
See R. G. WILKE. g«% Kearny.
A — $.">2.*0; coiner ealoon on water front; rent
$sO; pood lease; place established years; in
large brick building and doing an Al busi-
ness; disagreement cf partners only cause of
sale. R. G. WILKE. 20Vt K^tiny Bt.
— Continued^
A — STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a 6afe and profitable
business opening In San Francisco? If so.
we can offer you any number requiring an
Investment from 4100 to $50,000; every busi-
ness opportunity that passes through our of-
fice must stand the closest Investigation, and
we. can place you in a store, factory, hotel,
mill, office, or, in fact, any business you
may prefer. /
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 827 Market st.
A— BANK AND COMMERCIAL References.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can invest $500 in a
high -class real estate of flee and fill position
of cashier; experience not necessary; invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— WE WILL FURNisil^OU~A~BOND.
GERM.ANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— SHIPPING AND TRANSPORTATION.
A business man who can Invest $5000 cash,
with services, can secure good opening with
high-class cempany in this city.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— WE CAN FURNISH YOU A PARTNER.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 827 Market st.
A— HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; SO rooms ;> richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing-room with 16 tables and Imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buf
throughout; finest linen and best silver ser-
vice; 10 years' lease; $10,000: easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— WE CAN SELL YOUR STOCK.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 827 Market st.
A— $100 REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof showing that
any person ever lost a dollar who invested
any money in or through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock. J30.000.
{•27 Market st.. rooms 321, 322, 323. 321.
A— ONLY HIGfTcLASS INVESTMENTS.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A^ 2~PER~CENT~RIONTHLY
On investments of $100 and upward: no "get-
rlch-quick" swindle or gambing scheme, but
a reputable business estab. .'J years in S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A — We refer to 100O successful clients.
OKRMANIA INVERT. CO.. 5127 Market St.
• ¦ » .- ¦• - .'.-¦•¦ • •- f ¦ ' -
I OTT.nr. HOT7SKS FOR S»T,B~Cnn.
A. CAMERON A CO. - - Phone South 1050.
3 Ed"dy st.. cor." Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Roomlng-Houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
190 rooms; new and elegantly' appointed
apartment-hcuse: swell location* long lease;
cheap rent: ©art cash,, balance made out of
house without interest. ; »
JO rooms; EllisT newly furnished; rent $40;
apartr.ients; $200 down, balance $20 per month,
no Interest; • must -be sold • on account other
business; pcice $725.
70 rooms: new, modern building: elegant fur-
nishings; cheap rent;, close In; will clear $400
per month; $5000 down balance can be paid
out of house; see this.
17 rooms;. rent only $70:' oak furniture; Ax-
minster carpets; nrie location; clears $80; fine
buy. .
29 rooms: central; cheap rent: well fur.: some
housekeeping;. full; will take flat In exchange.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture: 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to $40. pec day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
21 rooms; corner: ' rent only $85; oak fur. ;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses' 4 rooms landlady;
price $1600.
M> rooms; new; modern apartment-house; 10-
year Kase; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very -central;, first-class proposition.
11 rooms: Ellis st.; close 'in; oak furniture;
moquet carpets; part cash, balance time; price
$(i.*>0.
103 rooms: . cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished; up-to-date rooming-house: has fine
bar; can be run in conjunction if desired; rare
chance for ' right parties; part cash,, balance
can be paid out of house; other business Inter-
ests demand Immediate departure. -
120 rooms; rent only $4 per room; n*w and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; lrng lease; J-ars $400 to $500 per
nv.nth; one of. the bin' - ys in the city.
IB rooms; rent only $ ICO; well furnished; lit-
tle npartment-house; reduced to $1100.
20 rooms; cheap rent; close in; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clean- $1CO; part cash.
. ' -¦ . ¦ I . .¦ .
CLAIHVOYAXTS — Conr IhthmI. .
ASSURED success for you.
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 reading this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
No charge No charge
Unless you obtain the information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE, ',
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
¦ .palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation andfwhat you called for; I tell you if
husband, wife or lover Is true or false; who
and when you will marry; how to gain the love
of the one you desire; "In fact," I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself: his advice Is reliable, his pow-
ers are wonderful and indisputable; he Im-
proves your character so that you will, reach
the hirhei>t possible development in mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power Implanted in
your nature, to you can change the intentions,
actions or bablts of any one secretly; cures
disease and lost vitality: gives advice on min-
ing and burled treasures: gives you success In
life: he guarantees you success or charges
nothing for bis services.
10 a. ra. to 8 p. m.: Sundays. 2, to 6.
326— O'Farrell street— 326.
MME. LOVONIA. clairvoyant, palmist— Read-
ir.gs this week 25c. 488 Jessie St.. nr.- Sixth.
MRS. BAUMANN. the w-Il-known fortun?-
t»11er,, Ij now at 317 Kills at.
MRS. SHAFER. clalrvovant. card reader, mt-
Hr.g» dally. 448% Jessl« t,t.. bet. Sth and 6th.
CARPET IIKATIXG AND CLEA.XIXli.
COMPRESSED air and vacum system now
universally used in cleaning carpets on
floor; without removal; price moderate; S.
F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Mar-
ket St.; tel. Main' 152, Bush 470. .
WHEN you beccn:e disgusted with your «"?ork
•end for SPAULIUNG'S Pioneer Carpet -beat -
Ing T/prk«: ?r>5-:i57 Tehama st.: tel." South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St., clean-
ing & laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission FL
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. ISO!> Har-
rUon st.: Al cleaning: 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONK LIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Goldrn Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
HOPKK BROS.: excellent carpet beating: mat-
tress«s inadi! over. 1432 Howard :tel. South 21G.
EMPLOYMENT U'A \TKO— fBM A I.K.
STRONG, willing American woman wants
sweeping, cleaning and laundry work; -flan-
nels a specialty; $125 and car fare. G4SA
Jessie st., between Seventh and Eighth,
downstairs.
STRONG, willinur. American woman wants
laundry work only: $1 25 and car fare;
sweeping and cleaning also done on other
day. C43A Jas.«ie st.. downstairs.
SITUATION wanted by an Eastern lady as
second matron or housekeeper in an institu-
tion, or would teach children housework and
sewing. Box 1506, Call office.^
FIRST-class dressmaker. Just from the East,
would like to go out by the day to do dress-
making or plain sewing. Please call at 233
Shipley St.. near Fifth. ¦
WANTED— Mending; keep ladies' muslin un-
derwear in repair; stockings darned; reason-
able; references. Address MRS. C 50-
O'Farrell st. *--'?'^>
BY experienced lady's nurse: wait on invalid
and help with light housework; is a good j
' plain sewer: references. Call at S53 Har-
rison st. near Fifth. ¦
FIRST-CLASS young German .nurse taking
full charge of Infants; wages $30, $35. 500
. Leavenworth.
RELIABLE German couple desire care of
house during summer months. Box 1570, Call
' WOMAN wishes to go out by the day wash-
I ing or housecleaning. Call 157 Tehama st.
i SITUATION" wanted by Finnish girl, to do j
1 housework. 322 Fremont st.
A STRONG woman wishes house and window
cleaning; $1 60. 1518A Howard st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Churchsts.
WANT "ads ~anV subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. SC; McAllister St.
KMPWVJIE.V'I' AVAXTEP — MALE.
ENGLISH gardener and wife, as cook. 9 years'
references, wish situations.. See J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
BY advertising man; not a novice; eight years'
experience in East; good local references as
to character and ability; has been a news-
paper men for number ot >ears in the ca-
pacity of r?r>orter and editor; inventive and
ingenuous; age 33; married, with family; i
will accept position for three months at
KLATS FOR SALE-F'DRMSHEU.
NEW carpets and furnishings of 7-room Cat for
sale at jrreat bargain; flat rents for $3. 50
Per month; lease Indefinite. Inquire at 770
Cole st." '
$300 WILL buy new furniture of a »«»««»
5-room sunny flat and bath^ ey"* 1^* com-
plete for. housekeeping. 3270 Twentieth St..
near Folsom. _____
LOVELY new flat* sun In every room : furn.
almost new: cheap rent; $2S5. Call 10 to 3.
242 Noe st., near Market. m
FOR sale— Furniture of 7 rooms and bath;
dealers or any one with spot cash; call afUr
3 p. m. HOB Hayes st. ,
LOVELY new flat: sun in every room: furn. al-
most new: cbear> rent; .5285. Call 10 to 3.
242 Noe at.. n>ar Market.
FURMTtKE FOR SALE.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, stoves and
household goods: flats bought. Mission Avic.
House. 42»-43O Valencia; tel. Church 337P.
" FUUMTVRE WAITED.
~"~~" -— ~-~ - ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessls .81.
Don't sJll your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate. |
WANTED — A Tmjx couch; not over 5 feet lorg
and 2 feet wide; state price asked. Box
2759. Call office. .
CHAS LEVY & CO. pay highest price for ftir-
nltufe, carpets, etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush 467.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash Pri«» *»«!-
ture. carpets, etc; tel. Larkln 3631. 634 Ellla.
A~WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
'buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
B T SCHELL, 2412~Mls3ion. tel. Church 5370,
pays best prices tor furniture, carpetg. etc.
HIGHEST prices" for furniture
BURP, auctioneer. 19IS Mkt. :tel. Howard 2756.
~~ HELP WAKTED — FEMALE.
COOK. 6 clergymen •• |3O 10
Cook for Sitka. Alaska, fare paid. . . ..$40 n>
3 cooks, city, little washing •maS
2 cooks, small hospitals, city f^ii?.
Pastry cook and fix up trays lA*" 0 .^
2 parlormaids, city and country $-3. $¦£»
3 second girls, mending $-£_ '-¦•
Nurseglrl. 10 months' old baby $-.|> •*•
Vni-«e n-ve»r-old boy ?-• * v
<Lcng Distance Telephone. "Central 2619")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE.
6TEFHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
EUSINESS OFFICE of the Pan Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every n'ght in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IPOS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p m.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
uctil »:30 p. tn.
S<»> Hayes strret; open, unt'.l 9:30 p. m. .
f.W McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
US Kirkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
"«41 Mistton street: cjvn until l*> p. m.
82CI Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
•jrt>l 9 p. m. *
1<>6 Eleventh Ftreet ; open until J* p. m.
1096 Valencia street; op*n until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
epen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty -second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
I?(i« Ftllmore f treet ; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Command<-ry No. 1. K. -jTa
T_.<r*rial assembly THIS EVEN- Wf~
IN"<; at 7:3« Order of Red Cmss. All Rj
{raters courteously invited.
THOMAS H. BROWNE.
< "ommander.
T L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Lodge of Perfection No. fi
1«. A. and A K R.. 9S» Sutter Ft. YY
railed matins THIS iWXDNES- /V\
DA VI EVEN1N<» at fc o'clock. Fifth
C«rr<-*. All brethren o; the Rite .-ordisllv in-
vited By or<1e r of the venerable mister.
CHAS. JELLLNEK. Secretary.
MOUNT Morlah Lodge No. 4t. F. and J5
A M.— Called mating THIS •WED-'VSf
N'EfcDAY) EVENING at 7::;i> o'clock. /^TA
Fiift degree.
THEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
CKO'"KETT Lcdce No. 1X>. F. and A. Jf
M.. meets THIS «WEnNESDAY> YY
EVENING at 7:3» o'clock. Fim L*- /VA
?ree. Ry order of the W. M.
R. H. MrPHERSON. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. ;i«. F. t.nd A. m
SI.— First decree THIS (WEUXES- «Jy
UAY| EVENING at 7 o'clock. /V\
H. J. owen, Secretary.
MISSION Ixxiee No. ICt. F. and A. M. fi
Cailed meeting THIS (WEDXES-VY
MAVi HVENING at 7 :»i o'clock. /V\
Fii>t degree. R. E. ALLAN. BK.
GOLDEN GATE Uncamrrr.ent No. 1 *«l jj
I. O. O. r.-M'HibTs «rflj assemble in*V<^*
their lo<!rerooni on CTEDKESDAT at S\y
1 o'clock to attend the funeral of/ \
_ Brother W. McAfe-. C. E. FERRV, C. P.
PACIFIC Lodge No. lSsTr O. O. orf n S »* te ,
F —Members will -, lr;^- ac^mble
:• the lodgeroom promptly «t -vj<jp3?.*VS
12:30 o'clock TO-DAY. April 13.
fcr the purpose of attending the funeral of
cur late brother. WILLIAM McAFEE.
A W. MINAKKK. Noble Grand.
E. V. CULVER. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the shareholders of
the s^gn Francisco Gas and Ulectric Com-
pany for the flection of directors and the
transaction of such other business a« may
mm:- before it will be held at th« office of
th*- company. 415 Port st.. in the city of San
Francisco. Cal., at 1:30 o'clock p. m., April
S»i. 19O4. The transfer books of the com-
pany will be closed frcm A;>rll 1*5 to and in-
cluding April 2C, 1004.
<S:?n«d) CHAS. L. BARRETT. Sec.
T'aUd Sa.n Francisco, April 12. 1004.
NOTICE ot annual meeting of Mercantile Trust
Company of San Francl!"7O — The regular an-
rual meeting of the Stockholders cf the
Mercantile Trust Company «.f Fan Francisco
will tor held on WEDNESDAY, April 27,
lufA, at 12 o'clock noon, at the office ot
the company, 4f.4 California men. Kan
Francisco. California, for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the
er.s-jlng year, and 'or the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ins.
Transfer books will close on Saturday,
April 16, 1904. at 12 o'clock nocn.
Dated Aoril 11. 19C4.
JOHN D. McKEE. Secretary.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 \)mgr¥. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
A $2«K» DRUS-TORE close to Call building;
estab. IN years; well paying; value In stock;
a \ery tare chance for gtiod druggist. See
R. G. WILKE, 264 Kearay et.
A-43O00 — CORNER saloon; close to Call bldg,
3 years' lease; net rent $120; this Is one of
the beet taloon locations In this city, and
a live man can clear $500 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2G4 Kearny St.
A- $1000; SALOON and liquor store on Sixth
rt.; rent $50; business O K. but owner i» en-
caged In other business; must ssll at once.
R. G. WILKE, 2«v, Kearny st.
A— $*500; COFFEE, tea and crockery store; one
of the leading businesses of this kind and in
choicest location in this city; rent $65; all
cash trade; stock will invoice $i000; a very
rare chanc*. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 264
Keerny Et.
A — SlrfW — CObKKR cigar stand on Kearny;
r«-r,t $.<>; lease; a Kood business; come and
investigate. R. G. WILKE. 2U4 Kearny st.
Al BLOCK of land. 300x300, in San Lcandro
with house cf 4 rooms; income $400 per
year trom fruit; will exchance for dairy
ram-h. Call R. G. WILKE. 2B4 Kearny st.
A — $»Of» — CORN Eli grocer}' and bar on Larkln
tt., doing a fine cash business; value in
eight; fresh stock; no better location In this
city. See K. G. WILKE. 2t>4 Kearny bL
A— $20<X>— COFFEE ealoon and restaurant on
waterfront, close tr Market st.; place estab-
Ji«ifc»<l years snd well payintit dally receipts
about $GO. Call R. G. WILKE. 2»34 Kearny.
A — $1100— SaLOON, with 3 rooms; close to
Kearny and BuEh ets; rent $75; lease; place
easily clears $200 per month; nice fixtures.
<boic«st mo k of liquors. All particular* of
H. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A — $1750 — CORNER grocery and bar on
O'FarrtU ft.; place kept by present owners
f- years and doing a good paying cash busl-
ncst,; fresh stock; value in sight. H. G.
WILKE. 2ti% Kearny tt.
A^$G50^CORNER bakery. with 4 living
rooms; ebout 2 blocks north of Market St.;
will be sacrificed If told at once; owners to
leave city. Call R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny.
A — $7f'O — CANDY store and Ice cream parlors,
with stationery, etc.. on Devlsadero St.; 3
1'vpc roum?: a splendid location and good
bunness. S«e R. G. WILKE. 2t>4 Kearny.
A— J3000; COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
rt.; rent $40. Ua.se; 3 horses, 6 wagons: busl-
rrs* estab. years; investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 2f. 4 Kearny st.
A — $12<«: COFFEE saloon and bakery In
choicest Iocaticn; rent $80; dally receipt*
about $70; s. good business, but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 2C4 Kearny st.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000
Candy and icecream parlors. .. .J20O to *2500
ltarber shops $500 to $2500
i icar «taTT5* $:S5<) to $2000
Groceries and bars f.'iOO to $5000
Saloons KW to $10,0eo
Restaurants «. . . . .?3.V> to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $1000
Dru* stor«"» $2fW»O to $(iOOO
rMicatei^en «=torrs S2.V) to J1T.O0
\Vr.<sd and coal yards $C5<) to $1COO
A FIRST-CLASS opportunity for druggist or
doctor: fine location for drugstore; good fix-
ture", counters and ibotv-case; rent only $W);
business already established: with •<$ rooms
an<I bath in rear; elegantly furnished
ttiroasboctj everything complete for house-
keeping of the best quality: price $1800.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale nr trade — Quartz mints: fine prospect;
located in <7al.; MSaTS $10 to $70 ton; tiade
for mu.-houM or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort: fine
groves; 3t>-room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease; raise own hay, vegetables.; all
kinds fruit: rent $500 per year; equity in
thie $2500; death in family cause of kale.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR tale — One of the best restaurants In city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day; will
bear investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO., 3 Eddy Et.
FOR pale — Ladies' furnishing and fancy goods
business; cheap rent: well located; estab-
A— A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secure Interest and
office of treasurer In an Incorporated realty
and investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured: highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market St.
a^weTcan sell your business.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION!
Po you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so. we can
furnish you .with an active or silent partner
who will invest from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our books Keeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 .Market st.
A — Largest brokerage company on Pacific Coast.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A— THE BEST i INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co.. $25: will be worth $200 by August, 1304.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
GENERAL merchandise and feed store on N.
P. C. R. R. for sale; will either sell prop-
1 erty or rent same. Address box 3532. Call.
FURNITURE and hardware store In a live
city in California for sale. Address box
4129. Call office.
CIGAR stand for sale in a good location on
Kearny st. ; stock ani cash register: good
cause for selling. Box 4210. Call office.
HARDWARE and plumbing business for sale
on account of going out of business. Apply
1451 Feventh st.. Oakland. "
(500 — MANUFACTURING business: partner
wanted. DONNELLY CO.. 632 Market st.
WANTED— Men with seme capital to take
positions in new company. Box 3503, Call.
WANTED— Partner in old-established harness
and sadclery business. 122 Montgomery ave.
GROCERY with bar wanted. Address with
lowest price, box 4232. Call office.
FOR SALE — Restaurant: good location. Box
3111. Call office.
DELICATESSEN store for tale: good location
in the Mission. Box 3014. Call office.
GROCERY store In East Oakland for sale;
low rent; stable and yard. Box 3098. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS mareagn parlor, doing good
b'jslne*s, for sale cheap. Apply 71S Larkin et.
A BRANCH offic- of The Call for the reception
r cf advertisements and subscriptions has be«n
opened at JOOS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until ii n m '¦ '
LODGIMG-lfOUSBS FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
4fX! Hearrt building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods In fine front offices.
Phone Black .'M37. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Uji-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
BEAUTIFUL
APARTMENT HOUSE of 37 rooms; beautifully
ufrnlshed In velvet and blrdseye maple; new
January, 1904; easy terms if requested.
See MARION GRIFFIN.
~ SWORN STATEMENT! "— ~~
Rooming-house; roomers select business men
who require" quiet and reflned surroundings;
60 rooms, splendidly furnished; electric ele-
vator, electric lights; a widely known house;
price $5000; half cash and monthly install-
ments to suit buyer; long lease; the manager
will show his books and make sworn state-
ment that $2S7 was cleared last month.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406 Examiner bldg.
PERFECT.
PERFECT bandbox of a house; clearing $143;
24 rooms on Sutter St.; swell and full of
steady roomers. See MARION GRIFFIN.
VERY FINE T
APARTMENT HOUSE near NOB HILL; 100
rooms; beautifully furnished and full of nice
people; long lease: exact book accounts show
$468 proflt monthly. Get full particulars of
MARION GRIFFIN.
SUPERABUNDANTLY furnished Jan.. 1904.
MULTUM IN PARVO.
SI large sunny rooms — new building— straight
rooming-house, see? Fine location, near
Geary and Jones; eminently respectable: make
30 rooms; rent only $15Q; oak and cherry
fur.; 3ne carpets; close-in; fins money-maker.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting: grand new building; clear-
ing $100 to $W0 per month; obliged to leave
city.
II rooms: rent $40; close in; oak. cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all
expenses; $400 cash, balance ; . :ne; snap; $700.
46 roomi,; rent only $65; * 1 !',-* ted hotel,
south of Market; fine ba.-; w«ll rvocxed; brick
building; electric lights; everyt v lnT i ood con-
dition; part cash, balance time; price $2500;
will exchange this with good iral estate for
large downtown house.
40 roonir: eltgantly furnished; rent only $250;
oak and mahogany- furniture; CO boarders:
clearing $250 Der month; close In; fine buy;
price $t>C0O.
» rooms; sunny flat; rent $50; oak, mahog-
any fur.J obliged to leave city; reduced to $650.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-houte and pay cash difference.
18 rooms; rent $85; well furnished; all n«w;
$600 down, balance 1% per cent; fine buy; only
$1250.
25 rooms; rent only $60; north Market; all
full; clears $100 per month; price $1800; will
exchange for small chicken ranch.
lOti rooms; new; most elegantly appointed
family hotel In city: all full and clearing $400
to ?600 p;r month; books open for Inspection;
obliged to leave" city.
7-ro«m flat: rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness: price $350.
1C2 rooms; most elegantiy appointed apart-
ment Jiouse, in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fli. entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ing $4C0 Der month; 5-year lease; j.at cash,
balance S per cent per year. •
S rooms; fine upper flat; rent only '*>Z: can
be had by paying $150 down, balance ti.ie;
$450.
IS rooms; rent $85; north Market: close In;
good money-maker; reduced from $1600 to $111K».
SK> rooms; part offices; elegant new building
and furniture, . high-class location: beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill In
connection; best proposition in city; called East.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition:
gUOd 1« .15P.
23 rooms: well furnished; first-class tran-
sient house; 2 blocks off Market; 5-year lease;
clearing over $100; good buy for some one.
31 rooms: rent $110; all light rooms; clear-
ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap: only $SUO
to get In; must leave city at once; price $1300.
li'8 rooms: cheap rent; long Iea6e; first-
class up-to-date downtown hotel; well 'fur-
nished; clearing $500 to $000 per month; must
sell on account of other business: only with us.
HI ROOMS and 2 baths; nicely furnished: rent
$50; clears $40; rents well; leaving city and
must Eell. 1120 Howard st.
SMALL lodging-house. 7 rooms and bath; nice-
ly furnished; $250; call afternoons. 230A
Third st.
1«J ROOMS; rent $80; water free: 2^-year
lease: furnished new; make offer. 323 Taylor.
. SriHITUALISM.
Mrs. Dr. Martin, wonderful spiritual healer and
business medium; readings daily, $1; develop-
• ing class Thurs.,8 p.m. 1006B GoldenGate ave.
ALMER'S spe. life readings absolutely free un-
less correct :medlums quickly dsvelop.457Eddy
A GRAND materlallilng seance, 8 p. m., Wed-
nesday. 32S Ellis st.; 50 cents. ¦ ':
MRS. LESTER'S test circle 8 p. m.; 19c; read-
ings daily. 25c and 50c; 122 Taylor at.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings daily,
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
elate-wrltcr. 1112 Eddy Bt. Phone Scott 887.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ADVANCK Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3»4. GEO. WALCOM ft CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet -beating work*: prices
reafnaMe. -\~K\ Harrison *t.: tel. M'««'nn 2<>3
CURES RUPTURE. _
WHO?— Hunter, 120ti Market st. : $l<>0; rupture
cure for $10: circular explains: send for one.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 8, 1902.
Mr. A. Hunter— Dear Sir: ..
For 10 years I was afflicted with scrotal
rupture. I used all kinds of trusses. Your
rupture holder has cured me. My health 1h
better than It has been for years. Yours |
truly.
DEIDRICH BENECKE.
20<)T> -Mission »t.
DENTISTS.
DR?~GRUSS. Bltt Callaghan bldg.. Market and
McAllister sts., uses the Basford obtunder;
the only device ever Invented for grinding,
drilling and excavating teeth without palu.
Call for demonstration. Tel. Jessie SGOIi. .
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
. — No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per tet: extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs: crown. $'{ 50; fillings. 50c:
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
EASTERN Expert Dental Co. will do your work
by tbe year and give you 12 months' credit.
10 Turk St., over Burnett's Drug Store.
ELITE Dental Parlors. S."^ Market St.; beat
and cheapest office for all dental operations-
Paris Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth, $1 50 up: crowns. $2 up: fllllnt;3.25c
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, *urgeon-dentlst.r.l4.l9t
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. H G. YOUNG — Bridges and teeth with-
out plates specialty. 1841 Polk st.
GOLD fillings 75c: silver. 35c -. crowns. $2: no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.S04 Sutter.
UKKSJOJA KEKS AM SEAMSTRESSES
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting; double,
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor: tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Pa tteniscutJoineasurejeve/class^l£19_Mkt.
EDUCATIOJfAL.
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study in the entire West. New. complete,
extensive departments. Thorough. Inspiring
instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1)01-
fi25 Golden Gate ave. -
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st.; established IS years; the school that
secures positions lor graduates; Just added 25
' new .typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'S UUSINlisS~cbLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, ¦ touch typing,
language?, telegraphy. English branches: day
and night sessions: illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; <nter
at once if you desire a good position: Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market st. . ¦ __ _
LEARN SPANISH In 2 months; classes In
French and Spanish $5 a month.
B F. AMES Teacher of Languages,
263 Golden Gate ave.. cor. Hyde st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min.. mech.. eur-
vey assay, cyanide: day. ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der'Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. 1556 Market, nr. Larkln.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 13S2 Market;' catalog.
WESTERN. Business College;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth.,
spelling, writing, etc.; day, eve.; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&Eltctrlcity. 24 Post
i.dinin.-il salary, results then, to determine
amount of wage. Address Advertiser,
2215 Fillmore street. '
MAN and wife would like situation on private
place where woman could wait on table or
•take care of children; would go to summer
resort: references. Address JOHN BAKER.
058 Mission nt.
WANTED — Position by respectable, middle-
aged, educated man, strictly temperate,
good penman and correspondent, with several
years' experience In the general grocery
business. Box 15S6. Call.
AN artist understanding the business would
like to renew old paintings; can patch up
cracks and holes and make it look like new.
Telephone Howard 3034.
COACHMAN (English), competent, reliable
man. excellent references, seeks position. Box
15S2. Call office.
WANTED — A man with over 20 years' ex-
perience in logglnz, railroad construction
and timber estimating would like a position
as traveling agent to look up timber land or
take charge of extensive logging operations;
references. Address C. box 1187. Call office.
WELL educated middle-aged man. speaks
and writes English, French, German fluently,
general bubiness experience, seeks work
(clerical) about pjace; care Invalid; anything;
•mall *vag«s. Box 1572. Call office.
A BARTENDER of experience, single, middle-
aged ; position of trust and country hotel
preferred; home more object than wages.
flS9 Howard st., room 78. ,
YOUNG man wants position as drapery sales-
man; 3 years' experience: willing to work at
moderate salary to commence: can do out-
side work; best references. Box 1568, Call.
A SITUATION wanted by a German gardener
in private place: understands fitting gardens
and lawns;- tan give good references If re-
quired. Call at Park Hotel, 20 Turk et.
BOOKKEEPER and general office man, 12
years' experience, wishes position of any
kind, city or country; Al references. Box
3C23, Call office.
BAKER'S helper, clean, sober, industrious
younjj :nan, best references, experienced
helper, and driver, wishes to finish trade; $25
to $30 and found. Box 1242, Call- office.
BOOKKEEPER, first claps, having leisure
time, woull like one or more sets of books to
I keep: competent to handle all classes of ac-
counts. Box 3557, Call office.
AUTOMOBILE to drive and care for by single,
M>ber, Industriou3 man; private family: coun-
try preferred ; personal ref. Box 1102, Call.
ALL-ROUND handy reliable man desires any
kind of steady work. Apply 2 Hampton
court, rear WS Harrison st.
EXPERIENCED and reliable grocery clerk
and bartender, married man, desires posi-
tion in count ry. Address box 3017, Call.
A COACHMAN and gardener; good milker;
understands raising of chickens; willing and
obliging. J. K., 506 Washington st. -
YOUNG man desire? position as stenographer;
two years' experience commercial work; state
salary. Address box-1515. Call office.
A PAINTKR, paperhanger and tlnter wants
work; rates reasonable, or by the day.
Painter. 7:'.7 Harrison st.: basement.
A SHIPPING clerk, -with the best of city
references, would like position In city, or
would go north.. Box 3545. Call office.
YOUNG man (20 yeurs of asre) desires a posi-
tion as stenographer; good references. 972
Chester Ft.. Oakland.
WANTED— By young man (22 years of age)
position as stenographer; best ot references.
972 Chester st., Oakland.
GARDENER, good horseman and driver,
, wishes position; best ref. Box 1575. Call.
RELIABLE, sober man. handy with tools,
wishes .work. Box 3C95, Call.
JAPANESE boy wants situation to do. cook-
In?, small washing and windows; $3 week.
C. I. TANA K A. 1410 Pine st.
A JAPANESE high school student wants a
situation as schoolboy; $2 week; plain cook or
waiter. Address box 1571, Call office.
JAPANESE couple, want position: man Is
cook and wife for general housework. ¦ Ad-
Maid and rteamstress. sleep home •¦••$-• '**
Ironer for laundry, city * .^ft,
Cook. *mall hotel, country f „ I!
Waitress, resort, short distance $-5 (*>
Cook. S men J;J '"»
3 hotel waitresses • V.V.Iw,
2 dlnlng-r'm girls, small sanitariums.$15. $2t>
5 restaurant waitresses Th "j
And:. 55 general howework girls, city and
country. $20. $25. $;«>. Call to-day. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 3.M Sutter st. _^
A FIRST-CLASS cook for small family. $*0:
a second girl for 2 In family. $25: a laundress
to assist with chamberwork. $25; a capa~.e
lady's maid. $25; a waitress and parlor nwW,
$30; a cook that- will do a small wash. $-^«:
50 housework girls for all klnd3 of good
places In city and country. $25 to $30; par-
ties can be Interviewed here in office; fare
paid to all places. Call at MI?S
PLUNK ETT'S. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
A GERMAN cook for cooking only In an
American family. $30; eee party here. MIS3
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
A CHAMBERMAID, institution. J25; chamber-
maid hotel. $20; two nurse girls. $25 each;
cook.* $35: two second girls. $25; woman with
a child to cook for three men; cook, Sausa-
llto $30; San Rafael. $30. see party here It
o'clock; house girl to Wyoming. $25. fare
paid, see party here, two In family; house
girl four In family. $."}5; woman as house-
keeper for two ladies, $15. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
A — FIRST-CLASS head waitress, summer re-
sort $K>
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
A— 5C8 MASON— MRS.WALSER. Phone Black
1533 — Chambermaid and waitress, same place,
country hotel: waitress, family hotel, city.
A-WANTED — Girls to learn balrdressinc.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately: positions guaran-
teed 'at $10 per week up; leading school tn
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from etart to finish
In 1 month for $13; positions as trimmers,
caleeladirs. etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdressln?
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages: day and eve. class: call.
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladles' under-
wear: good pay and steady position. «5<5
Mission st.
A — OPERATORS on ladies' wash skirts: good
pay and steady position. 656 Missiqn s«.
A— OPERATORS on ladles' waists; good pay.
656 Mission st.
MACHINE girls wanted to make linings an!
breast pockets In coats. S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 27 Geary st.
GIRL to assist in housework and cooking;
wages $20: small family. Call In the morn-
Ing at 1631 Geary st. '.-.<-' . '-'
WRAPPERS wanted: none but experienced
reed apply. MARKS BROS., 1220 Market st.
YOUNG lady stenographer for a few hours
daily; $5 per week. Box 1577. Call office.
WANTED — Young girl for general housework;
need not cook. 1S31 Eddy st.
WANTED — First-class finisher en pants;
steady work.' 1C4 Kearny st., top floor.
IRONERS wanted on ladies' work. Apply T
a. m. People's Laundry Co.. 1407 Eddy at.
GIRL to .assist with baby and light housework.
Apply atternoon at 2971 California st.
FIRST-CLASS hands In dressmaking and
improvers. 6 Eddy St., rooms 96-97.
WANTED — A talloress to work on coats. 3tv;
Hayes st. ". ;- . t
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher on basted work.
156 New Montgomery st.. room 1R, top floor.
GIRLS wanted who are experienced In wrap-
ping: good wages and steady position; apply
between 9 and 10 a. in., or 12 and 1. 1.
MAGNIN & CO.. 43-53 Ellis St.
LADIES who are competent fitters: apply be-
tween 0 and 10 a. m. I. MAGNIN & CO..
43-53 Ellis st.
EXPERIENCED Jacket and skirt makers for
ACiEXTS WASTED.
WHY do hard work? Do easy work. Toothlr*
Co.. 1055 Market Ft.ne-ar Thirteenth.
ADTEHTIBriirifT Wr.ITIHO.
HAVING recently acquired throuch exchange
cf |»roperty three **0 m h"!a: >:.:; s In the t>e»t
Ccll^re-cf AdvertUinr In the United State*.
I *i!l »'.ll tfccm at 25 per cent discount for
ceth: th* collere teaches advertising writ-
isg by correspondence end a*Firts tts grad-
uates tn cecure pesitiors; calaloeu~« :ur-
ni»h«d on atwM'.ttl' n. Addrew box 3026. Ca.il.
ATTUKMiVSAT-UW.
— ADVICE FliEE^ -I *<
«"o!umbUin Law & Coll. Aecy., r. SIS. flic
Market; phone John open evenings;
«ranyacte at most reasonable rates all l^git-
irjtaXM law business; bondr furnished in
and civil cases; attachments; large
¦ n<1 Fmall collections taken.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a email fee.
tit cr.e an-1 i*v« money; no pay in advance
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW. '
t.»tabliehed 22 yrc.; rrr.a. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5, lit fl.
2122 Market ft., between Mason and Taylcr.
A 4 vice free all matters. Detectives employed.
R \V. KING. Attorney-at-Lnw, Exam. bldg..
Cih floor, 'entrance room 611; established 20
i'tare: all cases, general court and of noe prac-
tice; no fee In advance or for consultation;
tieninits by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
DIVOTiCE law a specialty ; no publicity; advice
*r*e: corts H2. Address B.A.S.. P.O. box 2109.
t-JVOKCn — Costs. $12; quick, quiet: advtc*
tr»»: open evenings. 927 Market st.. rm. 301.
i! F CLARK. 027 Market st.: concultatloa
'rtr: no fees fn advance: open rvenlnn.
cozj.rcmo3r omess. '
BAI> tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
dty or country- Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 8-10; trt. Main 65S0.
COTTAGES TO LBT.
IX» r> RKS St.. cor. Cumberland, near Twen-
tieth — Lovely sunny cottage,. C rooms, bath;
s:; .vi. • -,.
J CMJjrr CXOTEXESS.
C F. AIM MS CO. ~
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clot be tbe whole family from hats t<»
• hoes: ••vei-j-1'ir.p up to date al cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason ft.
I ¦ i ¦
CfcOTKIgP aSgOVATIKO.
EU1T6 cleaned and pressed, $1; ecourlng and
dyeing. Bon Karcbe. «0 Ellis st.. room 14;
pfaooc Dremm 44. Call for and deliver free
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale— Half Interest in good paying, swell
little restaurant; obllzed to leave city; a
Fnap at ?275. CAMERON & CO. '
CIGAR stand: south Market: rent $25; $550;
splendid location. T.J.DUNN & CO.. 1312 Mkt.
28 ROOMS, furniEhed. occupied; clears $90; rent
$37 50; $1000. T. J. DUNN & Co., 1312 Market.
DELICATESSEN, branch" bakery? Mission: 3
living rooms, furnished; rt-nt $17 50; $450.
T. J. DUNN & CO.. 1312 Market jst J
40 TALKING scales for eale, with exclusive
rtsht: ccod proposition; see us quick. T. J.
DUNN & CO.. 1312 Market Bt.
CIGAR store in a coming location; Invoice $400;
rent $50; 2-year lease; $400; a eure snap.
_T. J. DUNN & CO.. 1312 Market st.
A — OYSTER and chop bouse: 14 tables; private
room*, connected on second floor; elegant bar-
cnin: paying business; ciust be sold; eood
locality; established 20 years. H. DOYLE.
1C23 Market et.. above Sixth.
GRASP this opportunity — Uvery and boarding- j
stable, doing a flourishing business, clearing I
$4Co monthly; thorough investigation; books
open for inspection; amazingly low price.
$:&!*>. HIXKLEY. 102U Market St.
A SNAP— For rale, the well-known little Del
Monte cofl>e. San Mateo; established 3 year*;
large dining-room; living rooms attached:
reasons, retiring Trom business.
FOR ta.lt— Paper route of 800 papers daily,
in connection with stationery and large list
of i>erio<Jical subscribers: best cash town en
_eoast. Addrecs box 3040. Call office.
FOR SALE^A «mall hotel' furnished, on
Beach Hill. Santa Cruz; also furnished cot-
tare for rent. Address "J. S.." «6 Wash-
ington st.
LIKE to Invest from $200 to $800, besides mv
services. In respectable business. Box 3544,
Call office.
OLD cetabliihed downtown saloon; best loca-
iion; cause, sickness; no agents. Box 155$. I
Call office. (
WANTED— To buy a half • Interest or the
whole of a rood paying business; state
amount required. Box 3040. Cair office.
AN Eastern man with some capital would like
to Invest in some kind of business. Address,
stating particulars, box 3033. Call office.
WANTED— To make a small investment where
I can atao give my services with ' a fair
profit agwired. Box 4198. Call office.
FOR SALE— A general merchandise, store in
a good business town in San Joaquln County
Full particulars box 3C37. Call office.
GENERAL merchandise store In a growing
town In this State; will nell whole or hal*
Interest. Box 3588, Call offic*.
SPECIAL. 40.
ANOTHER, only with MARION GRIFFIN:
A 2-story house of 40 rooms; good furnish-
ings; all men roomers; rent $110; clears $156
monthly: reduced to $3000.
~ CLEARS~$l06 "MONTHLY. '
RECOMMENDED 17-room house on Van Ness
ave. for $1500; rent $60; very little work for
landlady; fine ' appearing house, inside and
out; exquisitely furnished in elegant oak and
mahogany; rich Brussels carpets.
. Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
H. C. DECKER PHONE JOHN 531
900 Market St., Corner Stockton, Opp. Fourth.
Headquarters for Rooming Houses.
Twenty-eight Years In Business In This City.
Money to Loan on House. ! ¦"';
Square Dealing. Easy Terms, Clear Titles.
SEE MY BARGAINS:
14-room hoube; clears $80 .$600
10-room corner flat ...$55O
40 rooms; clears $250; payments...... .$3200
18 -room transient: must sell. ....$1200
7 rooms; only $150 cash $250
fl rooms; on O'Farrell st.; new.... $6U0
1C0 room?; first floor offices; clears $500.$7500
25 rooms; exchange for small house. ..$2C>00
32 rooma; clears • $200.. $3100
30 rooms: fine-corner $.!'J0O
05-reom hotel; rent $200. '......53000
45 rooms; grand sunny corner.. $4500
t;."> rooms; -country hotel and bar...... $2500
170-room hotel and bar....... : ....$2hOO
100 other houses from... $100'to $20,000
H. C. DECKER. 006 Market st.
MITCHELL & CO....." Phone Jessie 2981
1200 Market st.. opposite Sixth.
16 rooms; neat, sunny, two-floor house; rent
$40: sell or exchange; price $650. .
26 rms. ; choice corner rooming-house; unex-
celled for transient as well as steady roomer*.
25 - rooms; well-appointed ¦-.,' housekeeping
¦uTtes" landlady must sell;; make offer, . .
- .:,.'-- MITCHELL 4: CO.. 1208 Market "st. ;
100 ROOMS; cunny corner; rent $125.... $4500
112 rooms; clear* $350:; low' rent... .....$4500
80 rooms; furniture nearly, new ....$o800
15 rooms; fine location,- north of Market. $900
*4« rooms: In Oakland: new; rent $tSO. . .$^500
12 rooms; H cash: cheap: rent...... .. ..$eoo
Money to loan on furniture. ¦ EITEL A
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st. . j
T^ROOMS and bath; clean, desirable home;
$275. <S05 Taylor st.,: near Post.' •; /.-.¦
GOLDEN \OATU. 305— 9-room lioune: reason-
able; clean: . payments ; city. : r ;. I
THE "FUTURE REVEALED.
THE PAST DISCLOSED.
THE PRESENT ANALYZED
BY LIVINGSTONE. ¦ '
428 Eddy st. '
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living page of Flammarion's treatises that
is so electrirying'the 7 world- to-day. HE IS
NO IMITATOR. His work Is upon original
lines; PURE THOUGHT. CLEAR VISION.
• He TELLS YOU WHAT YOU DESIRE TO
KNOW, AND WORKS IN THE OPEN
LIGHT. AND IS AS CONSPICUOUS FOR
• . ITS WONDERFUL OCCULT ANALYSIS AS
IT IS FOR - ITS ORIGINAL EXPRESSION
AND VIVID TRUTHFULNESS.
A test reading is not a lite reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full life reading for $1.A test is
of little value when the mind is troubled—
you need more substantial aid and advice.
This Is- Just what PROF. . LIVINGSTONE
gives you when' you call on him for a first-
class clairvoyant reading. Ho asks you no
questions, but tells you what you wish to
know. - - • . . ¦ . '¦ ¦»¦¦* ¦;¦"¦-- '¦'•'-
. He- does not mention 'all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts in your case. Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find the cause of, trouble and
suggest the remedy. ' ',. : ' __ i_-2.*-"U:
Remember . the number — 428 KDDY ST.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.' ¦ '
IbMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently locate* at 1104 Market
St.. cor. Turk: private read.ncs daily. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't, send currency; send postof flee.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— Miss M. Wllle. 460 Geary, clairvoyant, crys-
tal seer and life' reader,- will tell you exactly
what you called for' without asking- a: ques-
tlon; names given; special. $1: hours, 10 to 8.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly,
advice given on air affairs of life; satls.'ac-
tion guaranteed; 25c up. .17 3d. next Exam.
MISS ! ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. and palm. :
has second sight; \a wonderful r prophetess;
names; 1. 50c, g. $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.
MME.RAVENNA,' formerly 5: 4th St.. reads life;
.business advice; names given; readings 50c t
week. Offices 835 .Howard/ bet. 4th and 5th.
Mrs.A.H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant. car"d
j - reader;when others fall try me; good readings
10c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave." Tel. Larkln 4207.
MISS .WARD gives .names," dates land facts;
; readings dally; not'open. Sunday. 017 Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, * card reader, re-
\: moved from ; 132 to 23& 6th • ; I. " 25c, g. 50c. i
OLDEST, lady palmist and card : reader. In city.'
2GV» Kearny. room 20; -ladies. 25c; gents,-50c.
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
SPANISH — A practical and progressive meth-
od. RAFAEL SERRANO. 530 California; r.4.
GUITAR mandolin and piano.. $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 828 Halght st.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION— — '¦ — Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine St.— Night class.
PIANO lessons, 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,-
experienccd teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
GEORGE AOKlT"421 PosTjTt. ; teL^BuslTlSS^
Japanese-Chinese ' employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell st Tel. Main 6752
FRITZ'S Emp. Office: Japanese and Chinese
help. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
ESIPLO Y3UEXT WANTED— FEMALE.
A— 508 MASON — MRS. WALSER; phone Black
1533 — Governess, . elocution, music and paint-
ing, $35; young; lady as cashier, best of ref-
. ertnees, $50; Danish girl, second work, first-
class references, ?25; nurseglrl, best of ref-
erences. $20;' experienced saleswoman,, ref-
I I erences: 4 competent chambermaids, summer
resort; experienced cook -for Alaska ;-cxperi-
enced cook for family. ; about 8 1 persons,- $30.
EDUCATED, ..refined, respectable lady wishjs
position, as housekeeper in widower's fam-
1 lly; $25. f>0.- Box 3528. Call of flee. •
STENOGRAPHER, - expert j operator; accurate
* ~ and K reliable: law" and general:, work;- city
references. , Box 3518, Call" office:; - : . -
SCANDINAVIAN girl, with first-class refer-
ences, .wishes position ,to do. general house-
work. ¦ Box - 1580. .Call office.
WANTED — Work by 'a competent -woman with
± a daughter '¦ who - can '¦•' work • for ' her board.
Call at » 1163 Market 1 st. :' . - .;
A RELIABLE young girl would . like to care
for child i or i be "cashier: wages $20; ». refer-
encts. •¦-¦-, . L.'"::R.'.t213% Mason st. '
A:' COMPETENT I laundress and house-cleaner
¦'wants work :' at' $11 per day; references.' Box
. -1584. Call office.' :; (j .
A' .WAITRESS i- desires position , in restaurant
; .or ' hotel. ' 054; Larkin st. ¦¦¦
WOMAN- wants; generals housework "and cook-
ing.' f , Call ' 271 7 . Bush , st.;' ; near, Baker. Ijrw :¦;,. .,
EXPERIENCED lady would like , ; position i as
• • saleslady; in - bakery,"* or, cashier.* Box- 1560
Call office.. r < ! 2&$l3GHB£HBM^3gt3^t*¥&''
dress A. FUJII.. 113 Eddy st.
YOUNG Chinese, first-class' cook, wants po-
sition In private family; wages $35. AH
SING. 815 Dupont st. ,
FIRST-class Chinese cook wants situation. AH
SING. 802 Clay st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
. Open until 11 p. m. '
FLATS TO LET. . "
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT. "
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department: over 1000
In number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
¦ place; we never fall; service free.
r: sterling furniture co..
1039 market st..
opposite McAllister.
A— HOUSES and flata to let: an Immense list:
service- absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-258 Geary
st.,' on the square. -
EIGHTEENTH, near Valencia— New flat. S
rooms and bath: all modern . Improvements;
$27 50. : , ¦
Sixth.', near Bryant — Two. flats of 4 rooms
each: $7 50 each. Apply to G. A. LEROUX.
;'29 New. Montgomery.' st. ' . ¦ ,= *
WALLER, 1655, bet. Cole and • Shrader —
Elegant new sunny upper flat; 6 rooms and -
attic with bath. " . - : '
RAUfCH. 32A — Three sunny, rooms; large
. yards. ' s v> '¦•;.: ' Y .' ¦
TURK. 1218 — Sunny lower flat: 3 rooms; wln-
> dows all around; yard; $12 month. . '. ' ~
BROADWAY.' 1263, : nr. Hyde— Neat bay-win.
I flat. 4 largs rms., reduced to $15; 3 rms.. $11.
HAYES. * 937—4 ' rooms, . bath, ¦' watery garbage.
; janitor; hall lights free; see to-day; moderate.
MODERN Mat, 5 r. & b.. yard, basement; fash-
ionable: .water free; rent $27 50. 3300 Clay.
PLEASANT,- 24, near Sacramento, above Tay-
.'¦¦ lor— Modern ' sunny ' flat. 5 rooms. 2 , mantels.
FLATS i TO" LET—iFUR.\ISHED. ;
TWENTIETH. .4230. near.. Castro-st. cars^ —
¦.-•Handsome gunny 5-room parlor flat; elegantly
. furnished ;' sDlendld s view; $30.' .- .' - > ¦>
CAPP. 614— Desirable, - 5-room ; flat; piano;
.coal and gas range; call between 11 and 4.
WASHINGTON. 2S33— Beautifully : furnished
tunny flat, 7 rooms; piano; garden. -
ladles' suit department; apply between P ar. I
10 a. m. I. MAGNIN & Co.. 43-53 Ellis St.
WANTED — Experienced ribbon girl to go to
Stockton. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
A YOUNG girl, care of children and do light
upstairs work, $12 to $15. Apply 233 Third
ave.; Sutter and Sutro cars.
NEAT girl; housework -.plain cooklng:faTnily of
3; good home. Apply 9-12 a.m.,2502 California.
A TAILORESS on fine custom coats. 233
Fourth at.
A GIRL wanted for general housework: Ger-
. man or Swedish. 630 Shctwell st.. cor. 21st.
EXPERIENCED shirt waist maker wanted.
GLUCK. 13S3 Geary gt.
GOOD panta finisher. 622 Clay, room ISA.
GIRL to assist In light housework. Apply
911 Eddy »t. .
GIRL for general housework: girl to assist In
bakery. 1794 Halght st.
GOOD hand for dressmaking; Ellis appren-
tice?, j 1527 Mason st.
EXPERIENCED makers and • apprentices
wanted In millinery store. 69? McAllister st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chut**. »» p. Wednesday; salary no objecs.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan * Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
' of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open . until 11 p. m. *" . ¦ .
help w a jttk d— 31 a le~
a— pXcific"^m?l^yTie^t~a^enct, ~™
• ¦ - S26 — Montgomery *t. — 52S.
Phone Main 1191 — Upstairs.
—SPECIAL— CALL EARLY TO-DAT—
30 laborers: you'll suit; very long Job; lOv
' fare: ro . to-Oay ; $2.
LABORERS— CALL EARLY— LABORERS
5 men to thin fruit. Ions Job, orchard. $28 fd:
5 -ranch hands, south, big ranch. $28 fd;
laundryman. .Institution, $05 fd; blacksmith,
no shoeing, country, $;t 60; blacksmith. R. R.
tamp, country. $. 0 .; cook. $50; dishwasher.
$35. , country restaurant, fare refunded;
waiter. ; country hotel. ' free fare, $."55 fd; bell-
: bey, country hotel.- free fare. $20 fd: 2 milk-
ers, 25 cows,- $33 fd; 3 2-horse teamsters: ;;
laborers. R. • R., near city. ship, to-day: 3
young men. learn trade, ¦ country. $1 B»* day;
. gasoline ' hoist engineer, i mine.' boss ' here.
WANTED— Thoroughly competent ¦ lace, no-
tion - and '¦ fancy coods man to go to Los An-
'. tceles. Apply - between D and lla, SB. at
HALE BROS.'
THERE APE THOUSANDS WilTING TO SUPPLY YOURFHE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; APRTB 13,:: 1901.
13
: HELy WAXTUIJ — MALI: Con.
UlRRAY & READY. IK4-C35 Clay et.
Phone Main SS4S.
1 /• Kt.irjf Einnloyment and LoU>or Agents.
Every Employer of Heli>
I-Xirnisbed with flm-class skilled or unskilled
Every Man \\ antlrur Work.
If competent to !1U position. you*can have It.
In our office
All men are tijual No distinction.
CERMAX. GREEK. ITALIAN.
SPANISH. SWISS. FRENCH.
In 1903 we pave During ltVH we hope
work to «J,VWO men. to increase 60.000.
Your far* free. I».k. free fare.
TO STATE OF NEVADA
lr you stay four months That'a aiL
U. Ss. Oovtrnraent work. »
1S53 2-horse teajnster*. $U0.
lD«i laborers, you'll suit, $G0.
' »5 drillers, rockraen, hammermen, $75.
12 machine drillers. $ao.
Eight hours* work daily— Hundreds rein*.
$1 Fee. That's All. $1
Center \>i great raln*>s: lan£ of sunshine; bis;
910 Miles. $9 10
2i5 teamsters. ltb>rtrs drillers etc., $2 to
$3 50 day.
CLOSE TO PRESCOTT
la California
. !ii laborers, big mine company. $73, $C7 60.
12 machine niin«»r", gold quartz, $»0.
1* muckers, gold quanx. $07 50.
¦ TO FARMS. DAIRIES. ETC
12<> farm, orchard and vineyard hands, all
over California. $25, $2t$. $30, $35 found.
:<r. u<xxj teanmers, $20 and $o0 and found.
«<1 milker*, located everywhere, *^. *25 fd.
12 batter makers, eeparator tenders, etc..
940 and found.
IS thoreb-jyu. men. etc, $15, $20, $25, $30 fd.
IHOKEML'N GARDENERS
STASLEMEN.
IS rtablemen. city and country. $35 and
found to $73.
12 coachmen, choremen and roustabouts. $25
and >¦:•¦ and found.
'¦* earieners. some vegetable, . some flowers,
Jtt.» and found.
MEN AND WIVES.
5 milkers and wives, farmers aid wives, etc,
%yi and found-
MECHANICAL.
C cooper*; 2 machinists. $3 25 day; machine
blacksmith's helper. $7T>; 2 gang foremen.
Nevada, boss here; cement finisher; 3 tally-
men, lumber company. $3 day; planer and
uticker hands, S3 day up; foreman, city.
HKI.P \VAVTr:n-.M W.K Cnntli»n><.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMP. OFFICE,
429 Bush st 642 Clay st
Government Work — State of Nevada.
Fee $1 Special rate fare
Teamsters, laborers, rockmen $2-$2 50
Boss here Ship to-night
Headersmen muckers, tunnel work, Califor-
nia -. $2 75-$2
fheep herder?. $-'15 month: cocpers. 9c barrel.
Quarryrr.en and laborers, $2-$2 75.
Karnv-ns. I'M and found: milkers. $30 and
found; man about place, $30.
Man and wife, gardener, house girl $40
Man and wife cooks, country hotel; have
dishwasher *$70
Baker and paltry cook. Institution $40
Washer and Ptarcher, springs, party here.$40
Washer, institution, city $35
Oyster opener, hotel. $40; second oyFterman,
cafe. $40; dishwashers, camps, mine*, hotels,
$25-$^0; iwtwashers. Institution. $20; bell-
bo»-|>, waiters; barkeeper, married man. $50.
C. li. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
$75 — STEADY man wanted: willing to work to
learn manufacturing business: no night or
Sunday work. 310 Folsom Et.
FIRST^CLXsS.~Eteady barber wanted. 1350
Howard et.
AT BRUNT'S printing office. 102 Second st.
platen press feeders.
F!RST-CLAPS carriage woodworker. LAR-
KINS & CO.. C51 Howard st.
BOY who can drive delivery wacon; steady
work. Box lZtKt, Call offlce.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced house fur-
nishings department man and capable of tak-
ing charge of ptock; «ate age, experience
ar.d where previously employed; salary $75
per month to right party. Box 1574, Call.
FOR PALE; — Cheap. 3 -chair barber fhop; 2
baths, laundry office and cigar stand; opp.
6. P. depot; good location; 1 door from P. O. ;
Felling on account elckness. Address P. O.
box 241. Reno. Nev.
BOY cr middle-aced man to take care of 3
cows, 1 horee and deliver milk; v.-uges $15
mcr.th and found; good home. Address box
15&9. Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
tha; Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
edded 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third Ft.; C50 rooms; 25c to 60c per night.
LOST AND FOUXD Continued.
LOST — Chased rose gold charm, diamond In
center, monogram C A. T. on back. Return
to 737 McAllister St.; reward.
LOST — A young Scotch collie; license 1912 on
collar. Return to southeast 'corner Page and
Buchanan Bts.; liberal reward.
LOST — At Sunset Park, gent's gold watch and
fob: return to 544 Minna st. and receive $13.
reward: no questions asked.
LOST— Scotch collie dog. Finder return to 48
Eighth st, and receive reward. •;.*,;-',
LOST — At Presidio, near McDowell ave., small
memorandum book. Return to 328 O'Farrell.
LOST — W. O. W. past consul Jewel. Return to
. J. J. McDONALD. 2217 Stelner st.
LOST — On 4th et. Sun. afternoon, opera plof ses
in red plush bag. 1421 Howard st ; reward."
LOST — Pair of Mayerle's glasses. Return 112
Natoma st. near Second.
MEDICAL. ~~
LADIES desiring safe, - cure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me at once;, my
methods are always safe, painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; no exorbitant fees.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
Cures guaranteed or no pay; 17 years' ex-
perience in all female disorders; call or write
without delay; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and S.
A — LADIES, If you are suffering from Irregu-
larities or any ailment you will avoid dis-
appointments by consulting me first My
method of treatment is positive and harm-
less and I guarantee immediate relief from
any cast? or make no charges. Advice free.
Call or write DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny.
ALWAYS be advised and treated by a grad-
uate physician; positively the only one here
capable and willing to restore you to happi-
ness; relief for Irregularities; help for un-
fortunate ladies; If In trouble consult him
without cost or fee; call or write; conflden-
tlal. DR. R. H. WESTON. 805 Kearny st
DR. O W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the moct difficult cases treated;
advice free. Offlce. 1018 Market st.
MRS. DR. W5TETH, specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. S26 Post St.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed: 1008 H Market st, opp. 5th.
WO.VEY TO LOA3V— Conttnoed.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on dlamondc. Jewelry, at 2
per cent • Interest. Baldwin Jewelry • Store,
846 Market ; tel. . Main 1C44. Branch.19 Third.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
prlvacy;no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory^ building.
1 PER cent oa furniture or pianos: no removal;,
no commission ; no publicity: $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver, .
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth gt.'
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311, Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland offlce. 1103H Brdwy., suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unln-
dorced notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49 Chronicle • bldg. .
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
8% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. C Eddy st
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. ; 708 Market st.
CASH loaned salarifd people on notes without
Indorxer. MORELL. COS Examiner building.
MVSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
• Fischer, new $325, now $150.
Hertz, new $300, now $67. !
Miller, new $300, now $145.-
3 Emerson, new $250 to $350. now $160.
2 Chlckering, new $4f.0, now $100, $185.
2 Steinway, new $575. $750, now $185, $323.
Heine,- new $575, now $333. v
Rents $2 up; installments, $4 up. Rent ap-
plied if purchased. ... - .
HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary st
Oakland— 1252 Broadway. « /
ABSOLUTE BARGAINS IN PIANOS. "
One in fair order $10
One a little better... J15
Another, condition good. .-. . .$25
Also a Chlckenng. Mason & Hamlin. two
Etelnways, Knabe. Vose, .• Sterling,- Mayscn.
Emerson, Hallet &" Davis, Starr and njany
others, from $55 up; easy terms; fully gttar-
- anteed. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
rell Bt^ ' ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦¦ '¦ i_
ONLY mano house in the city that will rent
REAL. ESTATE— C^JT^FO^ SAJ, j-:.
v ' ' VON RHEIN \
¦ REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
613 CALIFORNIA { STREET.
THURSDAY. APRIL 21, 1004. AT 12 M.
LARGE TOWNSEND-ST. LOT.
BETWEEN SECOND AND THIRD.
128:10x273; NW. line'»f Towusend. 80 ft. SW.
of Stanford; close to S. P. depot.
Trt/3 (»
•^ OV/w*yS zor CJ-O3C Tt> i I * ,
X^t. /&7 or* er/rojec/r 3
! " CzrtmcAf *srcr
j ' BROADWAY FLATS— RENTS $190.
27:Gxl37:C; Nos. 1678-16S2; N. line of Broad-
way, west of . Van Ness ave. ; superb marine
view; 3 splendid modern up-to-date flats; fash-
ionable neighborhood; should be seen to be ap-
preciated. -¦¦_ -. • ' '»'-."
LARGE BROADWAY LOT.
With front and rear dwellint; 45:10x137:6;
No^-.1511-lf.l.1 Broadway, east of Van Ness ave.
STOCKTON- ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Leased at $2040 net to one tenant; 40x69 feet;
No?. 1308-1314 Stockton, north of Broadway:
4-storv huiMine and lndelnr-house: 4 years'
IIKAL ESTATE— CITY—FOR SALE:
G H. I'M US EN & CO.. 20 MONTGOMERY ST.
I AUCTION
•AUCTION
AUCTION.
AUCTION '
By ord*>r of the board of director? of the
Saving* *nd Loan Society, 101 Montgomery
Ft., we will offer the following list of properties
at our salesroom Monday. April IS, at V- o'clock
n«on; t«rii!», 1-3 earn.- balance can remain on
n.'jjtga&e: :
. ; . . No. I. -
/ALAMEDA RESIDENCE.
1401 Pacific ave.. SE. ccr. of Morton st. ; Im-
provements consist of rtsldence of 3 rooms.
hath; laundry. In good order and rented low at
$24 per month; tenant paying -water; lot 150x
115. .-..--¦. . .- .-•¦.
No. 2. -
ALAMEDA COTTAGE.
12S2 Broadway, east line, near Enclnal ave. ;
Improvements consist of a cottage of 6 room*.
bath and laundry, in good order and rented for
$20 per ra-jnth, tenant paying water; lot 60x140.
CITY REALTY. :
No. 3.
NW. ccr. Douglass and Seward *ts., bet. 10th
and 20th; lot 100x115. In subdivisions.
• No. 4.
Diamond st. ea B t line, bet 20th and 21it sts.;
building lot, 25xl2S.
No. 5.
25th st., south line, bet Diamond and
Douglass ets.; 3 building lots. 28:8x114 each.
NW. cor. of 25th and Douglass Bts., 85x125,
In subdivisions.
No. 7.
SW. cor. 20th and Castro sts.: 2 building
lotn, 25x114 each. x
No. 8.
21st st, north line. bet. Sanchet and Noe
sts.: 2 building lots. 25x114 each.
No. 9.
NE cor. Montezuma and Coso ave.: lot
125x70, in subdivisions; 3 frontages.
No. 10.
NE. cor. Sanchex and, Palmer sts.. building
lot, 24x102. Irregular.
No. 11. „„ ,,-
NE. cor. 21st; and Colllngwood sts.. 12jx41O.
In subdivisions. :".•" , ,
For catalogue and further particulars, apply
to G. H. UMBSKN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st
SPECIAL.
$10,350.
Rents $1200 per year; 3 beautiful flats; 0
rooms each; all modern Improvements; ele-
gant gas .and electric fixtures of special de-
sign; 3 mantels in each flat; finished base-
ment, concrete throughout ; built for owner s
u»e a. few months ag-o: central location: of-
' furod at inn. nHiw tr. effect : Immediate sale.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATB. .•
5-2CO— A RARE barcatn: chanc* of a life-
time; two beautiful up-to-date . modern. 0-
room fiats on Clinton ave.- bay frontage:
. beautiful marine -view; elegant surf bathing;
bathhouses. .etc.: this Is a rare chance: don't
. overlook if HAMMOND * HAMMOND. 1423
Park st
FOR sale — $2650; beautiful 3-roorn modern cct«
taxe: Just completed; large lot J. H.
YOUNG. 1343 Park >t. v___
BERKELEY ADVERT* S'M'NTS
_ DEnKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— House of 7 rooms; lot 42x100:
51500. Address owner. 1606 Ward st. Ber-
keley.
BEEZEI.EY HOTELS.
H^?EirnBElRICE^E?"R^oTE^F^T : Ms~ele^
Kantly appointed house Is now under a new
and experienced management. The service Is)
first class, the accommodations homelike, th«
treatment of guests courteous, the rates low.
The hotel I« situated on Dwlght war. on«
block wert of the Dwlght way station, and 14
therefore convenient to both the Key Roma
and S. P. ferry systems. Rates, per day.
transient, are from $2 to $-t. and per month
* are $30 to $J0. according to apartments. Ban-
quets and wedding dinners will be 'served on
short nrtlee In the most fashionable and de-
lightful manner. All Interested In this an*
nounceroent are Invited to call at the hounn
and Inspect it. Any further Information de-
sired wilt be promptly given. Tel. Dana l.'J'J
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BEOADWAY.
OAKI.A.MJ RF.AL ESTATE.
BARGAIN IN REAL ESTATE
The guardian of the estate of MART A.
BTARR has filed with the Probate Court (Judg»
Greene's department), Oakland. Cal.. a peti-
tion for confirmation of sale of the old "STARR
HOMESTEAD." northwest corner of Seven-
teenth and Grove sts.. Oakland — 196 feet on
Seventeenth st by 107:6 feet on Grove — fop
$12,000; the petiticn will come up for heartna;
before Judge Greene. In Oakland, on Monday.
April IS. at 10 a. m.. when any parties desir-
in'NAMO TENDERS. *«5.
Knrinecr. run lathe, sawmill. $120.
atach'.nictx. bench work fare $1 $3 day.
• blacksmith. 90c fare. $3 <iay."
t^arriaee woodv-orker. SK)c fare, (3 day.
I*afrtcr. who can letter little, near city.
f35 ar.d found.
2 blacksmiths, no 6hoeinjr. fare 40c, $3 day.
6 blackFinith helpers, tack on shoes, $2 to
«2 >'5 day.
B horseshoer*. country Jobs.
Sticker hacd. city mill, $4 day.
12 blacksmith?:, different Jobs.
2 brick loaders, exceptionally good Job,
' WOODCHOPPERS.
255 men to cut wood, all over California.
12 laborers, fare fl. steady J-,b, fl 75.
12 teainbUMT?, fare $1, Fteacy job, $1 To.
Ilastern young man. milk 20 cow», $'iO fX
Oerman-Pn-:ss milker, city. ?3j a»<l found.
Myker. Colus-a County. $*0 and found.
F!arm.>r tnd wife, capy job. m-tfe raise*
chickens, receive half profits, man $3O month
¦uid found.
Second stable boy. IS years, millionaire'*
etabte. «<• an<! found.
2 men in nursery, you'll suit, $2« found.
3 elderly men. milk 1 cow. do chorea, f 13 fd.
Boy. rrocery Ftor*. city.
1" sheep harder*. Nevada State. $55 found.
Kh««-p herders. Yolo County. f'3O found.
Miik.-r p.r.d wife, bos* at nur office. $«0 Jd.
stablemen, mine town, ncrth. &35 fd. eacu.
4 vine jrra'tprs. borj> h»t». *2 dav fennd
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
3S'cockF for hotels, saloon*, mine*, cafes.
ranches an^i rararafr resorts. J30. $40, >50
and *>-" and found.
IS waiteri different jobs, «2T, •$.•;(). $.15 found.
12 dif=rwa*hers. ?2t>. $!.".. f^> and found.
BILLIARD TABLED.
Tcw^g man exj>crienoe. r^f.-rence*. care ol
tabr** nrrt-claFs hntel; call early; $2T» found.
2 l««-!!lv,y». first-claw- hotels. $15 and found.
:i . hotel iiortcrs. $20 and *25 and found,
t^anm cook. ;U( jjien; h«-li»t-r ther«>; fare i.">c;
«0 and found. -
Waiter, nc^ptionallj- pood mine. $.1<> found,
r. b.iys wash dli-hes. l.V fare; you'll suit:
$lw and foun'l
BAftRRfC
r'twk. liaker, small Phojt. co:ntr>'. t55 found.
I'artry codk.and baker, city itistUutlcn. $40
.auU found. " .i .. ',";-, .-> ¦»-.
2 b«kei>. 2 rulper.. *«J. *->. rr^> and found.
LAUICDRYMnN.
2 laundomen. run |K>llsher and assist; fare
LauruJryman, city Inrtltutir.n. $23 and found.
12 laundryrmn. "<liffer*nt classes of Job*.
6 h«'!r>ers. no »-xperlencc « anted. fome.
Woat cuttt* fcr block, bncs here. *40-$S<» fd.
Hutcher. near city; vmull, t««y Job; $;«• fd.
Mt'KKAY & REA DY. CX-CM Clay st.
CARTOONIST
To cartoon the walking delegate, unscrupu-
lous labor l«ader <Jema»tO|jue. etc.: bring sam-
ple of work. MURRAY & READY. UU4 and
«««$ Cla> st.
AT THE CALIFORNIA KMP AGENCY,
14 Third Ft.: phone Bush WX
i . NEVADA.
OOraRXMKXT WORK: S HOfRS.
Tcametery. laborers anJ drillors. $2 to $2 50
* day; ehip daily; fare refunded; 2 > ears'
TTood turner, bost. liere, $3 50 a day.
4 ranch hand?. Sonoma County, $2C and fd.
B ranch hands*. $~2 iu a memh and board.
4 men for rock auarry. $00 a month.
2 ranrh teamsters. *:i5 and boarJ.
O^EAS TRIP— MIDWAY ISLANDS.
6 carpenters. $4 Zm a day. , ¦ K \ -
I roricrfte men, $4 &o a day.
B plasterers. $4 5>* a day.
FREE PARE 15OTH WAYS.
Six month?' »ork; half pay on trip
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third «t.
MAN* and wlfTfor i.rlvat^ pla..-*. .t (n tamlly.
«in. •>. •¦.,,,-. -v und vfi-px S4O f i.i and .".".'
uui. wautea unaer i* years oi age to oo er-
rands and make himself useful In office.
McDEARMON & CO.. 519 Sacramento Bt
FOR eale— 2-ch=.ir barber ship; established 10
years: celling .account 111 health. Address
€42 Malr. rt.. Stockton.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
express or mail charges. 11 3d st. Exam. bid.
$1 £.0 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
2-CHAIR h&rber chop; cheap; good chance. 46
facraznento st . ; , ¦
A BOY 10 year* or over for office. Address
T. E. S., 1K5X 1C73. Call office.
COATMAKER or bushelman for country. Ap-
ply REIS£ BROS. & CO.. 24 gutter st.
THREE-CHAIR shop for sale; downtown; no
reasonable offer refused. Box 1554, Call.
BARKERS — ."-chair shop for sa!e; good chance
for sober man. Box 1C^5, Call office.
AGENTS Sj to fl5 a day. Traders" Advertis-
ing Aeeney. 724 H&yward Bldg. .>«.*- ¦ .-" , . ,
WANTED— Barber's epprentice- 751 Mission
street.
GENT to solicit printing; and advertising. Ap-
p'.y XA'i Filbert st.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Barber School.' 741 Howard st.
YOUNG men, sailers, blacksmith*, carpenters,
preen Lands, fcr shirs. Herman's. 27 Steuart.
Per.sica Atty.. E. A. Bullis. r. 40, Phelan bldg.
Tast Ccm. Geo. H. Thomas Pott. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hctel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 7C0 rcomr; ST>c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, inscriptions received at
Call trancn c?2ce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of a£vert!»pments and «ubBCrIptions has been
cprned at J"«S Market Et. opposite Fifth.
Open antil II p. r.i.
ALL Eizen rcen's *hoes, fllghtly damaged, half
price. r»C3 Mission ft., bet. let and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to %ftf. r.03 Mlreion at., het. 1ft and 2il >t».
SlEX.F WANTED — SOLICITORS.
PORTRAIT solicitors, city and cuur.try; expense
advanced: larpert com. ever t>ald. T.25 Valencia.
HORSES A.\D WAGONS.
AUCTION sale cf horses every \Ve4nes-tay at
11 a. m.. .'£-" Sixth *t.: every hcrse must be
as rejjr>8fiited or nviney refunded. *OHN J.
IjOYLK. Auctioneer. • , -- _¦ 4
SECOND-H'.ND open hacks, wagonettes. 3-
teaters anj business buggies. CORVILL
MANUFACTURING CO.. 4S Eighth «t
SAN FRANC1S=CO Veterinary Co'.l'ge— Next
session brgir.s J'ine rt. Catalogs by ar>i<l)ing to
DR. K. J. CREKLKT. 510 <k>lden Gate ave.
FINE river bcttom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black IMarconJ. Cor.tra Co>:ta
. Covnty. Address Nucleus. 11M> Stevenson. S.F.
FOR Rale — A fine erpreKS -watcn «uitable for
lumber or furniture. 408 Vk-kFburK -St.. bet
2-ltli nnd 25th. Church and KanrliPZ.
\\. \. kinds of bu.sin.Kf buKEies, rubVr-tire rod
buggies', carts. Karrey* nr.d wagons for ¥&\i
cheap. 15O4-S Fclfiom st.
BLACK horse for salt-; 5 years old; weleht
about I UiO lbs; Rer.t!«> and a fine travelt-r.
Uox :S.'C«. Call offlce.
WANTED — A sound. genUe liorpe: on« that
will f-tand without tying; for delivery wagup.
Box X«a. Call ofnr«.
KOR sale — Two raini.ins wuEonf. 843 How-
ard st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; inst. relief;
- treatment $10: hours. 10 to 5; 25 -years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES — Our monthly regulator never falls;
box free. VITA CO.. Station A. Detroit Mich.
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folsom st. corner
2Cth; ladies, relief or no fee: $10.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 112C Market Bt.
DR. NG. TOY KEE. 319 Powell st. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCICLLA.NKOCS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, ecgtnes. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH &. WOLPMAN, • 195-197 Fremont st
EOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? '
Repair it with elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; pood over old
lrcn, tin or shingles; best for- new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
MILK men, attention — 30 milking cows with
or without pasture, dairy outfit complete; get
8 move on if you want them. Apply 818
. Grove, bet. Webster and Fillmore, morning.
ID-HaND machinery, boilers, engines. puinf«,
pcllcyc, thaltinc. etc, etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Pur.uay papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO..1il30-132 Beale «.
DESKS and office furniture; $1:0,000 stock to
be sold before April 15: this stock can be
bought In large or email lots. T. D. MC-
CARTHY CO.. 7S2 Mission. Phone Bush 4«7.
PAINT your eld. and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to etot) all leaks In th«: one and preserve thy
new. 205 Front et; tel. Main 1428.
A— FINE suits. $7 50: dress pants. $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlor*. 238 Kearny .si.,
near Busb; open to 9 p. nt., Sunday to nuon.
A — BUI'S, sells .or rents gear machinery, en-
E'.ues, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 2T.3-255 Fp*ar st .
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay express
charges. 11 3d Ft., Exam, bid.; catalog Free.
48-ft. centerboard ¦ yawl yacht. $.^OO; bargain.
C. F. O'CALLAGHAN. r. :iU. Nevada Block.
535— JERSEY heifer; will calve soon. 200
Ninth st
FOR xale — Young, fresh milking cow. Apply
717 Bay st.. city.
FANCY ptjreons! new imported varieties; send
for list. C. WILSON. 22!) Stevenson st.
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAIION
TENT & AWNING Co.. 35 Mrkt.Tel.Bush KM
BOOKS bought: libraries purchased. Kin;'a
Old Bookstore. 61 McAllister st
STEEL lined safe, 1SO0 pounds; $125. RICHt
AHDSON BROS., 1816 Market st
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
¦ eaty payment*. GAR1N. »03 Hay-ward bid?.
GASOLINE engines bought, sold, exchanged,
repaired. Sykes-Corson Co.. 254 Beale st.
SAFER and ca?h registers, new and second-
hand I FREEMAN. 1329 Market, rt.
SOME good secondhand gasoline eng1r.es. 1 to
12 h. p. cheap. E. B Beck & Co.. 122 Mket.
EI.OT machines cheap: Chicagoes. Twentieth
Centuries. Purks. BACIGALUPI. B33 Market.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE. CO.. ."507 Battery at.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES- New and second-band. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
6 months' rent ' and cartage oft purchase
price; solo agents for McPhail. Schiller and
other. makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 5(W Hayes.
SPECIAL bargains this' week; square pianos,
$25- uprights. $100 up; organs, $25. BYRON
MAUZY. 308 Post et
$75; STEINWAY piano, cost $000, for sale on
$5 installments. 13O9 Gough St., near Geary.
STEINWAY, nearly new; upright:. A. Gabler,
and Steck raahegany. 210 McAllister Bt. j
NEW upnpht pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
.• ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st
J-PEDAL Steinway up. ;Chickerlng baby grand;
Shonlngrer. little used. Keeffe'g. 2S5 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzey pianos. Ocliian piano
player. BTRON MAU7.Y. HOS-312 Post st.
PEnSOXALS.
the u ~hermXn3£^^
Insomnia, mental and nervous diseases cured;
liquor and druc habits: massage; medicated
baths; country place Lake co. ; Xerms to phy-
sicians; call or writ'?. 1375 Waller, bet. Ma-
sonic ave. and APhbury st; tel. Fell 837.
A freth. smooth and young looking: face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forgtiet the tame, I,'. ELLA HARRI3.
The number, 7S1 O'Fairell et. afar Larkln.
Call or write for book. free.
"Hints on Beauty."
Al SUITS to order at $1 weekly. We have
contracts with leading houses to take all
¦ their short ends, called remnants. We make
you a Cne suit on : installments cheaper than
others do for cash. LEON LEMOS, merchant
tailor. 1127 Market st.. bet. 7th and Sth.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth,«OF7 falltng.cures dandruff
and lulling scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleansn Fcalp;at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
3 • cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 133$ Polk
A — MICROTINE. a positive cure for catarrh,
cold In the h*ad, hay fever, headache and all
¦ bronchial affection* ;_ *end for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. t72 Bth.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bone.?, etc.). speedily cured by
.skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, y.-.l Grant ave. WorM cases cured.
A destitute woman's friend; free secluded home
durinK ttonflnement; infants adopted; good
homes. Mrs. Dr. Funke, 1410 Sth st. Alamedu
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoat.!
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market ft. ¦ •
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dl»-
ea?e* positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
812 Shotwe11; consultation free; call or write
SOCIAL dances' Wed.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mor,<layF, Fridays. Louise Foster's
.School of Dancing, 1556 Market, nr. Larkin.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NF.UHAUS & CO. <inc). tailors. 729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Travers. 1170 Market
Acuna restores lost eyesii:ht;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA Co.. :<52* 19th. nr. Valencia.
MR!!. Eaton, electric needle specialist. :KO Sut-
ter, r. 600. Miss Eaton. 23:5 Geary, room 3-9.
MASQUERADE Mwlurnep. play books, 1 wigs;
country order?. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Rush and Dupont
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna ' restores pray
hair to Uk natural color. $1; at all druggists'.
I'ALJIJfcTHY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palm!r«. C13
Tarlo.- «t. near Geary. Phone Riark W>1.
I'AriSKHAXGI.NG." I'AI.\Tr\«. EJTC*
lease; tenant- pay* water arid repairs.
UNION STREET— RENTS $53.
41x75; Xo. 1S01I Union St., 31 feet W of Octa-
vla: 2 stores and 12-room fiat; must, be sold.
SANSOME-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Nos. 712-714 Sansome; 45:10x00 ' feet ' N - of
Jackson; rents $71 50; brick and frame build-
ing. --
CALIFORNIA- ST. COTTAGE— RENTS $32 oO.
25x137:0, No. 2223 California st, between
Buchanan and Webster; cottage. 0 rooms and
bath; select neithborhood.
DEVISADERO-ST. LOT. ¦;;:.
24x103:1%; E line of Devlsadero, C8 feet S Of
Union; fashionable neighborhood: marine view;
Unlon-st. cars within tiS feet ; $2500 mortgage
now on property.
H ST.. SUNNY COR.. FACING PARK.
82:«xl00'; SE corner H*st and. Eleventh ave..
In 1 or 3 lots, facing Park; SE corner, 32:6x100,
and 2 adjoining lots, each t'&xlOO.
MARIPOSA ST.— RENTS' $27 50.
34-Sx75;Nos. 2707-27C0 Marlposa st, 55:4 W
of Bryant, between 17th and ISth; 2 houses, 5
rooms and bath each.
DOLORES-ST. LOT.
Creditors' sale; no limit; 50x105; W line of
Dolores et. 70:0 S of Liberty.
FOLSOM ST.— RENTS $145.
50xSO?f S3S-SG4 Folsom St.. E of Sth: 3-story
building; Hats and stores; rents now $112;
should be $145 ;
TWENTY-FOURTH ST. CORNER —
RENTS $140..
BoxftO- NE corner 2lth and Shotwell sts.: 0.50.-
945 Shotwcll st; 313S to 3146 24th st; 3 stores,
4 houses. 2 flats: rents now $112; should be
$140.
t - ;
EASTON ELDRIDGE & CO.,
G38. MARKET STREET.
$1S,5OO — New flats. Sacramento ' st, near
Steiner; 7-8-S rooms and bath; pays excel-
lently. .
$l«.000— Elegant residence of 10 rooms ana
bath on Vallejo wt. near Franklin; grand ma-
rine view; this house must be seen to be ap-
preciated. -
$15.000 — Ellls-st. flats, near Scott; sunny
side of street: 0 flats: rents $115 per month;
should be Increased; 75 foot frontage.
$14.000 — Shrader" st; near Waller: 4 flat3.
2 of 5 rooms and bath and 2 of G rooms and
bath; rents $115 per month: 40 foot frontage;
mortgage of ?30CO can remain.
$12,500— Park Panhandle flats, Ashbury st;
3 brand new flats of 0 rooms each: high base-
ment, porcelain ¦ baths; artistically papered;
perfect beauties: rents $110 per month; key
lot: sun In every room. ¦
$10.C0O— Waller St.. near Webster; 25x80; 3
flats of 5-5-9 rooms and porcelain bathtubs;
stationary washstands; elegant mantels, etc.;
rents $1110 per annum. ' 1
$S2r>0 — Rents $7S0 per annum; • 2 -modern
and up to date flats on Scott st, near Page.
IC00O— Cottage in the most beautifully sit-
uated , portion of San Francisco, overlooking
the bay, Alcatraz and Angel Islands and the
Golden Gate strait*; 9 rooms; porcelain bath;
large baoemenl: beautiful garden; lot 37:0x110;
built only 4 years; Ftreei bltumlnised; concrete
sidewalk •>. ¦¦ ' >. •
$57.">0— South of Market flats; \ rents $50 a per
month: two frontages; tenants pay promptly.
$50trfi — Guerrero St.. near. Eighteenth; ele-
gant 2-ftory residence; 35- foot front: mort-
gage $:{0d0. - - .:*
$4250 — Elepant new residence:- 7 rooms and
porcelain bath: 2 patent flulTi toilets, hardwood
floors in halls;, finished in natural wood; walls
beautifully frescoed and decorated: Fourth
ave. near California St.. Richmond.
$3500— Sanchez nt. near Twenty-fifth; 2 mod-
ern flats- of 3 and 4 rooms and -bath; mort-
gage $1200; rents $3C0'. per annum.
$21)00 — Twenty-sixth st, near Howard; 2
stores with 2 adjoining rooms and flat above;
renting for $312 per annum.
*2r>UU — Rents $240 per annum; 2-story frame
building. consis:ing or : 2 -tenements of 4-3
rnnmfl- on Guerrero st' near. Scott
THORNE & KILPATRH'K.
312 Bush St., near Montgomery.
FOR sale chean— Neat cottage: 4 rooms and
bath, laree basement; , terms same as rent.
Apply owner lumber yard, southeast corner
Alabama and Montcalm sts.
REAL ESTATK Coontrr — Kor *»»«»
, W. J. WHITE,
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY,
$12,500 — Splendid stock ranch and general
farm, 2600 acres; 4 miles from Courthouse,
Mendocino County: 20(1 acres tillable: 2 com-
plete sets of farm buildings; well supplied with
water and an abundance of live oak timber;
tliere are several patches suitable for alfalfa.
$8000— Only 3«ri v tn»es of Geyserville. the Gem
of Sonoma County; H mile good school; rural
mail delivery; 50 acres; 30 acres rich bottom
land; 2 acres orchard; 15 acres vineyard, all
bearing; 5 tens alfalfa; well fenced and cross
fenced: 6-room house, 2 good barns, nice spring;
have other bargains in this superb section.
: $3500— Mile and a half of St. Helena; 165
acres, 30 under cultivation, 6 acres bearing
orchard, 5 acres vineyard; water piped to
buildings: fine 2-story residence, stable, barn,
carriage-house; once refused $12,000 cash.
WOO — Only 1 mile of town; 80 acres; house,
trees, vines, berries; 15 acres bottom land;
placer and quartz gold; 2 garden patches, out-
elde range, tool*, furniture; forced *ale. i
$4000— Near MerCed City, on main road; 40
acres rich land; 5 acres bearing olives, 10 acres
alfalfa. 6% acres bearing orchard: 2 wells; all
under ditch; fine cottage, 5 rooms; steel wind-
mill and taifk; good barn, toolhouse. granary,
poultry houses, incubator houses; nice Income;
cash 'or trade bay counties property.
ALFALFA LANDS.
Rich black land, near Stockton, subdivided
In small tracts at $C5 per acre;' one-third of
crop with plate.
Adjoining the town of Lodi, both bearjng
vineyard land and unimproved under . ditch;
Sr-'.I to *10T» per acre. '*¦¦••
$">O,j>er acre; 10 acres UP; under ditch; 4%
miles irom Lodi, on main county road: also
land on the Stanislaus ditch as low as $40 an
acre.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
I have several parties with good income
pmpfrty to trade for cheap country homes; also
lodging-houses ; many cash buyers; list your
$2500-^60 acres; 3 miles from Santa Cruz; 20
acres under cultivation, balance rolling and
some rteep; small orchard and vineyard. bear-
Ing: »:ood 7- room house, . barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure; $500 down and balance
monthly payments If desired.
$10,000 — In Sonoma County; 800 acres - well
fenced In 3 fields; house; 3 lance barns; dairy-
house; well watered; 200 acres tillable; all
level; 24 arres 8-year-old orchard; 30 head cat-
tle; 20 hogs; farming Implements, etc.; $3000
mortgage: trade tor bay property.
$3250 — 2G acres sandy loam, only 2\<t miles
of Petaluma: house. 5 rooms and bath;part cash.
$3000 — Best ranch In Southern Oregon; 320
acres; 2 sets good Improvements; well fenced;
orchard; ft horses; farming tools; outside range.
$1500—30 acres close to Morgan Hill. Santa
Clara County: 20 acres bearing orchard and
vineyard. l(r acr»s hill pasture; nice hard
flnl«he-l cottage c| 5 rooms: outbuildings; fine
income: would trade for income city property.
S11C0— Only « miles from Courthouse; SO
ecres; orchard, vineyard, house, outbuildings;
part cash; near Red. Bluff. •
$17.WC0— Finest ranch In San Joaquln County,
between Stockton and Lodi; water near sur-
face;, good house, - outbuilding*, barn, corrals:
430 acres rich land. 1 mile of Calaveraa River,
on main road; mortgage $9000; would trade for
first-class property near city. , . .•
. $4£OU — Near Newcastle; 21 acres: oranges,
cherries, peaches, lemons, plums and apples;
small but nice house;. only iflStMJ down; have
bargains In thin vicinity from $1000 up.
$2250—10 acres, all In apricots Just com-
menclnK*to bear; 6 miles from San Jose; lovely
noire; half vash. ¦ .
$17(K) — In Sonoma City: S^4 acres; all level;
good house, barn.; windmill. tankhou;e; i:t
poultry houses and yards; some alfalfa; spring
Ing to make an advance on said bid. may ba
heard from.
LOOK AT THIS.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY A HOME CHEAP
AND ON EASY TERMS. IT WILL PAY YOU
TO SEE P. C. LASSEN, 46« TENTH ST.,
OAKLAND, CAL.
BARGAIN.
A fine 10-room house In East Oakland: good
location:, lot 65x150. ' with «table. etc: all
•treet work done; easy terms. P. C. LA5-
SEN & CO.. 4g6 Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAXD HOUSES TO LET.
$10— COTTAGE of 4 room* anfl bath; hot an<l
cold water; close-in: very snnny. GEO. IL
. VOSE- Real Estate. 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAXD^FCnXl^TntE ,£?** „ a -*.l.E.
TO-MOF.HCW the day for bargains liTTurnTT
Sure H Srhelhaas.llth st.cnr store.Oakland.
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
ROOMS FOR IlbUSEKEEPiyp.
ALL sunny; best in city; 3 or 4 rooms furnish-
ed or unfurnished. ST. CHARLES APART-
MENTS. 15CO Sacramento st, nr. Lark'n.
ELEVENTH. 211 — Two connecting bay win-
dow rooms for lisht housekeeping.
ELLIS, 1161 — Two-room suites: sunny; gas
range, hot baths; $16 and $18. ,
FRANKLIN, 203— Three nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath: sunny corner flat.
RAIGHT, 020— 3 or 4 handaom-ly furnished
roomF for housekeeping; reference.
HAWTHORNE. IS. off Howard, nr. 3d— 2 larga
sunny rooms; gas, bath, sink, stove; cheap.
HOWARD, 737%— Nicely furnished sunny-
rooms; rent reasonable; suitable for light
housekeeping.
HOWARD. 1310 — 2 elegantly furnished rooms
-for houeekeeplnv and one single room.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Plae-^
Sonny. furnUhed 3-room suit?*: steam heat-
I ed, electric lighted: free baths; rate $30 a p.
LARKIN. CIS — 3 large, light. rooms; 2 closet":
ga*. running water, grate, phone; first floor;
$23 SO. -
LARKIN. 817%— Nicely furnished sunny front
room; folding bed. gas stove treasonable.
MASON. 417 — Furnished rooms, suitable for
housekeeping: also single rooms.
MCALLISTER. B3S — Large sunny parlor; «aa»
range: bot bath; $12; suite $7; adults.
MCALLISTER, 1«71 — Connecting sunny Eittlng.
room and bedrocm. complete; kitchen, bath;
4 reasonable.
MINNA. 251. cor. Fourth — Furnished ~ sunny
housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
MODEL' Houie.' 120C Stockton — Front house-
keeping roon-.s; $5 to $12; gas; bath; sunny.
OAK. 436— Three nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; use of bath-, phone; reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 730 — Nice sunny rooms for house-
keeping: $•*. $12. $13. $20; conveniences.
O'FAURELL. 131C — A large, nicely furnished
•un:»y. front housekeeping room with connect-
ing kitchen. -
SIXTH 43<J»£ — Furnished housekeeping rooms,
* double or single; rent cheap: qui*t family.
WASHIN'GTOX. 1323. near Jones^ — To coupla
»K?y. $2C' and found; fanE^n". $Zj and *uu and
f^und: tnilkclT". $30 and $.'& and found; Jol>-
»,ing blacki-:nith. $3 day; < arriajref mith. *.")
dav; 2 waEor.maker». *5l» and board; laundry-
tran tor Institution. $"~> and found: fry cuok.
}14 "wwk: p»">t washer. $'J": kltciien man. $:$O.
BTid otheiT. J. F. ORO.SETT & CO.. «2S Sac-
nimento ft. • -__1_
" fc< AT CONTRACTORS 1 AGENCY.
M THIRD hT Telephone Main sBH.
Man end wife: man to take charge of dairy;
woman to cook: near city; %m and '.ward.
NEVADA — NEVADA
Teamsters *- -•'
I-atwrer* * 2
K«r* refunded. Fee fl.
G<nernmtnt work. Eiplit hours.
HORD &• yMITH.
ANDRE'S Office 317 Stockton Ft. — Chef, pum-
m^r resort. $75: cook, plain hotel. May 1.
$70. country; helper around nureer}'. n~ar
• ity. $12 a w«H>k and room; cnoreman. i2Z;
head waiter, boarding-house, $40.
\ GARDENER for Kniall place, K3S and found:
a. butler for country. $45; a boy to help
cook in a private famitr kitchen. $20. Call
at MIS 1 ? PLU.NKLTTS. 425 Setter st.,
rear Powell.
A^HOTKL~GAZETEE. 2fi Montgomery, r. 12—
3 cooks fcr resort $CS; night clerk. $25.
WAXTE' for U. S. ariny; aliie-bodled on-
marritc men. between aces of 21 r.nd ."»:
••lUzenfc of the United States, of c°od charac-
T»r and tcmuerate habits, who can n*ak,
i-ad and wrUr English. For isformatlon
apply to necru'.tUig Officer, Kialto buildinp.
New Montgomery «t.. 6an Francieco, or 1(£H»
Kecocd et.. Sacrarnento. Cal.
A- . L L
Men to learn the barber traoe in two month*
and secure good positions: caUilo?ue and fall
information mailed free. MOLER (system
Cc'.iege. C35 Clay tt.
WANTED — lOO men for production of "The
White Squadron" at Central Theater. Ap-
¦ ply at stage door. Central Theater, this
< Wednesday) rooming at 9 o'clock.
GOVERNMENT portions— Call *t 925 Golden
Gate ave. room 7, for free Information as
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc; day
or • \ • r.u.rs .
ADVERTISING man wanted right away; none
bt:t first class need apply. Apply 102-104
t-econd et., coroer Mleelon.
FiRST-clasg coat mater to work Inside. ROS-
ENBLL'M & ABRAHAM. 1103 Market «L
-
BARKER ix-anted; 70c on dollar. 650 Pa-
Clilc Bt. -.
RARBER wanted. 231 Seventh «t. '
GOOD barber Wedn<>*day evening. Saturday
and Sunday. 20S2 Mission st. .
KirtFT-CLASE baib«r wanted. 52S Broad-
way.
BOY abcut 16 or 17 for wholesale house-: state
as« and experience. Box 10S5. Call offic*.
BRIGHT hoy for high erade printing shop.
_JKNOWLES. 24 Second at
BOY to work In laundry. Kt. Nlchola* Hotel,
Ninth and Market *te.
WANTED — Younir man to drive butcher
wagon; cne with experience. 610 CaFtro at
WAMED-rsc of hcrse and buggy dally. 1 to
5 p. m. Uox 1 5*57. Call office.
WANTED— A horse for butcher cad. Box
3C38. Call office.
____
BITGGY for sale cheap. 121C Oak street.
FOR sale— Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1215.
Call office.
Larerst t.-s-imt IM-hanJ wagons, buckbd. sur-
rey. harnes*.»rork. drlvlnft horses. j5th-Vs.li nria.
IIOl'SKS TO LET.
A— PRINTED lift of nous :s to let: fend tor cir-
cular. G. II. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
LANCTGX *-t.. off Bryant — 1 rooms, yard and
basemf-nt: $11. Acnly G. A. LEROUX. »
New Montgomery st.
McALLISTHR. U'Ca— 12 rooms, bath and blT*
ilard-reom; $C0; water free: modern.
TO LET — » rooms, stable, four stalls, yard.
Apply 33S . Thirtieth st
BEFORE moving get our printed lift of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Peat ft
HOUSES TO LET — KIK>:SHED.
A COMPLETELY furnished house ; 7~lafge
mnry rooms a.nd bath: large yard and base-
ment; references required. Inquire 9 to 11
a. m. and 3 to 7 p. m., 104 Pierce, nr. Height.
TO rent — Spacious, furnished house; large
{rrounds; Bausallto; rent $100; thcrt term If
desired. Apply Box 1216. Call office.
HOUSES TO LET — STJBTJRBAW.
FOR rent — Furnished house, consisting of
kitchen, dining-room, 4 sleeping rooms and
Uith: plenty Ehade. Address C. W. GOOD-
WIN. Wrights, Cal.
~~~ LAUNCHES FOB T*TRT..
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
Ft; for pleasure and buMnefs. ; tel. Bush 534.
" LOST A\D FOUXD.
LOST — From stable of S. 8: Bailey. Sec. J.
Oakland racetrack, brown filly; roached mane
with halter on. * Any one furnishing Infor-
mation leading to her recovery will, be llber-
ally rewarded. E. S. BAILEY.
$20 REWARD — Strayed or stolen. April 8, from
Geary and Market sts., bay horse with left
foot branded; 74 under mane; business
buggy, red (rear ¦ and dark body. Return to
1850 Green bt; tel. Geary 2732. _^
LOST— Female . dog; nearly white; has few
black .soots and lone Mack ears; long hair:
answers to name of "Dottle"; reward. -.72u
. Castro at v- - . .
LO!-'T — A pars book with the HIbernla, Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name ol Casper D. McCauley, No. , 283-1263;
the finder will please return to bank.
I_O!-T Purse with cola, also notes and check
- of no value but to owner. ¦ Liberal reward
piven by returning to P. JX WINTER, • car»
International Banking Corp* n. 32 Sansome st
LOST On Saturday, old-fa»hioned gold . band
brooch eet with earnets. between Al ham bra
and ferries. Apnly CLAUHSEN, t*I5 Battery.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all ilses. J. E. DOAK. 4« Fremont »t.
ALTERATION sale— Best S2 5« hats. $1 SO.
' Pcpiilar Price Hatter. J30 Kearny Et.. near
Pine; ccen w u ». m. : Sundays to nocn.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCKLLA.VEOUS WAXTS. ¦
MACHINERY wanted — Compound engine,
about 200 h. p.: surface condenser: circulat-
ing pump; machine latbe, 15 cr It: Inch
fcwlng; generator, etc., 110-200 volts, 75 k. w.
Address box 1365, Call office.
CALIFORNIA Housewr'Cker Co. Days the
highest trice for buildings and will remove
the largest huildlnc In 10 days. ' Office and
yard N. \V: cor. Mi*nlon ami Tenth sts.
WANTED — Second-hand .Iron punch machine.
Box 3571. Call olflce. • :
EHOES wanted; misfit & castoff; highest prcs. ;
new it 2d hand shoes for sale. 749 Mission.
MONEY TO WAX.
aXa^iieriian MURPHTAg
C01-0O2-CO3 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
- Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
est*: assignments" of rents; property in trust
etc.; legacies; life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
' When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (INC.). '
CONTROL $1,000,000. .-
REAL ESTATK LOAN.S.
INTEREST 6 PER CENT.
FIRST. SECOND AND THIRD MORTGAGES.
CITY AND . OAKLAND.
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTIES.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE IN TRUST
107-8-9-10-11. CROCKER BUILDING, S. F.
" WILL, LOAN ~~~ "
A reasonable amount on
let, 2d or 3d
Mortgage.- on real estate or
; Chattels, in city. .town
* or country.
Low rate of Interest
Give . full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
. Box 40S. Call office. .
SALARY Loans— ~~~T~ ~ ~ :
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge or. employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-,
chants, 'teamsters. : boarding-houses, without
. security: easy -.payments; large business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bid.;
ANY amount quickly on furniture - or piano,
without removal or other security; no com. v
f alrcst rates : strictly - confidential. National :
Credit Co.. 68 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st. {
THE United Loan and Truot Co.; . 21 j Stockton
st.', (upstairs).' loans money -on diamonds, jew. ,
. elry and valuables at 2, per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone , Bush 4S4. >:¦
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. B. F. Collateral Loan Bank/ 538 Kearny.;
ROOMS papered. $4 '„ up; tinting, painting
Hartmann Paint Co.. 31ft Third: tel. Main 413.
PHYSICIANS AMJ NL'IKiBON-*.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021^4 Market »t. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid ¦¦ to . djr eases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 107^ Market sf •
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor^
treats all diseases cf the human' body; for
past four years i»t- 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CC7 Geary st.; near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cutes all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington et.
WONG WOO.. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eates cured by Chinese herbs. 746-S Clay nt
."' PROIM»J4ALS.
PROPOSALS for/hay sand oats — Offiee Depot
¦ Quartermaster. San 1 Francisco, Cal., 30 New
Montgomery St., March 15, 1004. Sealed pro-
posals. In triplicate.- subject to. usual condi-
tions, will be received here until 12 ; o'clock
noon, April 15, 1904, and then opened for
furnishing and delivering at San Francisco,
Cal.; Seattle or Tacoma, Wash., or PorUand.
Or., twenty-three , hundred and el^hty-two
¦ (2.'Jt-'2) 1 tons of hay. . and : twenty-five hundred
and forty-alx • (254<0 tons of oats. ¦ subject to
an Increase or .decrease of 25 per cent United
States reserves right to accept or reject, any
" or a'.l bids, or. any part thereof. Further In-
formation and blank proposals furnished. on
application. Envelopes • containing proposals
to be marked "Proposals for. Hay and Oats,
No. 2155" and addressed .to MAJOR. C. A,
DEVOL. Q. M.. U.S. Army. Depot Quarter-
master." :. : .. ." .¦"•¦' '- "'" -'-'v ¦¦•¦-¦¦• ¦¦•- -. ¦ ..-. : .
PROPOSALS for coal— Office of General Super-
intendent Army Transport Service, San Fran-
cisco Cal.; April 8,- 1904. Sealed ¦ proposals
In' triplicate for furnishing and delivering at
Honolulu,' H.;T..: four thousand six hundred
tons average • steam coal, subject i to twenty
.per cent Increase, or decrease, will . be: re-
; celved at this office, until 4 p.: m., April 28,
- 1904,' and then opened. Information fur-
nished -on, application. - Envelopes contain-"
/ing proposals should be indorsed. "Proposals
• for. Coal 'for Honolulu,",' and addressed to CM
A.^Devol,-, General Superintendent, 'I
SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. '2 RemlngtonT^a 1
- Smith Premier, :, $23 ; ". other typewriters at
¦ .- higher '. and lower pricea; rentals - i2 50 The
..- Typewriting -. Exchange. 536 , California Vst r ¦¦
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
• titulars of L.£ M.'ALEXANDER. llOMont-
.¦ com*ry.- ft' -. " . ' '¦ , ' : . . : '
5P-HAND * typewriters • sold,; rented. .1 repaired.
- .'Wphcter^Typewriter . Ingpec. ': Co.. BOS Market
"• . : .': ••;.•¦• piyipEKuy notices." ¦;..-'.¦:
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society, * 5th floor,* Mutual. Savings Bank
bulldlnc.'= 70S; Market st." r opposite V' Third—
"' For • the : half ' year • ending ; aist -. of ; December,'
1903," a .; dividend < has f, been ; declared i at . the
"rate: ner : annum 3 of » (12) ; twelves per cent -on
capital < stock ; and ? participating , certificates, '
: free of^ taxes,; payable. on tand after SATUR-
" DAY. January, 2.; 1D04. JOSEPH . A. LEON-
\ ARD, ! Manacer. " HUGH CRAIG.'.; Secretary.:
EASTON. ELDRIDOE*& CO..
~J~.< '¦-:•¦ ti.",8 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
Incomparable "Oceanslde Dlst." Loti!
$500 to $1200! Easy Terms!
Your Choice In New Blocks. On Official Grade.
On II St.; Fronting .the Park.
Unobstructed View of. Park and Ocean.
Has' Positively the Best Future in This City
For Home Sites ' or. Speculation.
Over 300 Lots Sold In a Few Months.
. Many Physicians Among Our Purchaser*.
Who Recommend District for "Climatic
Reasons.? ' , ¦
Best -of Evidence From Hundreds of Owners
Residing There.
.AH Bargains! See Them To-day!/
Get Off Cars Corner H,it, and 47th ave.
Oceanslde . Branch Office*, j Corner H st. and
Forty-seventh . ave.' * and Corner K s't -
¦ and Forty-ninth ave.' - Open
. Sundays and Holidays. j
$76 to $250— Near Park, Ocean and Spreckels
¦ ¦ . • " • Lake -
Superb View! - $5 Monthly.
$150 to $450— Level Excelsior Homestead Lota.
i $5 Monthly.
$1200 to $3500— Modern Cottages In Sunset,
Oceanside. Richmond and Excelsior" Home-
stead. Easy Terms!.*
Sunset Branch Office "on 9th lave., near H st
SOL GETZ & SON. Owners and Dealers.
. iKoom 54 (4th floor).' Chronicle . building. ¦'
BUILDING : CONSTRUCTION. COMPANY. '
INSTALLMENT; HOMES, 512 Callaghan bid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot:
1- $8 : a • month .- pays principal and =. Interest ¦ on
each $1000. of balance due, making • your In-
.. Etallments -lew than rent: : send for; circular. '
J] .25 ; PER 'WEEK, 1 ': no ; Interest V Lots In . the
! Excelsior ; Homestead 'Tract; -.all 1 < level: ;., no
grading-: to do; ready. to build your little homa
'on; close to electric cars and school. " --i<3gfl3
,. ' w.;j: : white,
. 2<l -Montscmery:»t.;: room 5.. •
$60CO i — FOR a ' home : that ' Is ', suitable ', for sum-
' mer ? and ; winter residence; r In San >: Mateo:
¦ on car line ;-, lot 100x186 ; ' 8 ; rooms ; and bath :
. ' stable. ¦ chicken " house ¦ and > yard ; " easy , terms.
.P. .COFFIN & CO.. v 3303 Mission st v
TWO i pretty ' »iome» -Just : completed In | the Mis-'
- slon:s6'rooms. bath;- about- $1000: down, ibal-
!\- ance ; «a*y."4 See.. MOISE. -:12O ' Sansome . sUM s .S
FOR ; sale— Mcdern house," «. rooms: and bath: -
- : c»>r Klines:;- grand -^ marine view: v near Cliff
i : - House. ¦¦-'_ 410 < Forty-fifth ; ave. >• '; r .-;. \- „ : .?--...-, -i •
BUILD; on 'your unlmproyed -realty: >w* -loan
\>- full ; cost " lmprov.i and " part i lot , at : (I . per cent. ¦
f't MANHATTAN LOAN CO., ? Crocker ; building.
LA TEST/ system sanitary ,' plumbing i by V AHL-
. BACH; &? MAYER.- plumbere."! 636 Howard. A
wafion; i»(H> cnicKens;.ieeanouBe.
$25t0— Only. 2 miles from San Jose;. 4 acres;
2^4 'acres bearing orchard;' hard - finished cot-
tage. 5 rooms; stable, windmill " and tank;
-$3500 — 13C acres east of San Jose, 125 acres
in hay: good soil. ¦ .
Send stamp for printed list.
W. J. WHITE. 20 Montgomery st. room .V
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
Full charge taken of property.
. JOSEPH STRAUB.. 630 Market »t.
$2OC0 — JO acres. 25 acres cultivated; 3 acrti
vines, 2 acres orchard. 20- acres hay and
corn, balance -, wood ; 4-room house; barn.- 2
1 wells.
$S5C0 — 1% acres In vegetables and , berrle?;
good well for irrigation, gasoline engine, cen-
¦ trlfugal pump; 2 dwelling-houses; barn; all
fenced: In city limits: % mile to station;
San Mateo County. -. -, •¦
$16UO— 160 acres; 10 acres orchard, balance
pasture; oak and pine timber; good spring;
' plenty .-water year ;, round; good * soil for
grapes; house, cellar; ;corrala.
$lu00 10 acres; 5 acres -clear; balance wood;
good house; 'Stable; cheap.
ALFALFA, 00 acre's, « crocs, producinc: 40O
. to 500 tons; 'Irrigated from main ditch: high-
ly Improved; one mile from depot; creamery,
church and school; for quick sale ft bargain.
. $87N). N> W.. 31tt Yosemlte bldg., Stockton.
14C0 -ACRES at $6 50 per ¦ acre ; ' only 90 miles
from. San. Francisco; to close up an estate.
' See owner dally at 12:30. RICHARD KEAT-
INGE. IDS Jessie at, San : Francisco.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Writ* for booklet. If» free., 6<M J st
WRIGHT * KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal
ALFALFA . lands, stock ranches. : orchards.
¦ vineyards '.'Inspected bargains: monthly -.*ata-
logues sent free. C M. WOOSTER CO.. ¦ WS
: > Market, st / ' :¦: -. ¦ _-_ " ¦¦ -., - . '- -- -
FOR sale — 50 acres vineyard In large or 'small
"tracts." near Martlne*. E. B..' 607' Sixth St.,
Oakland. . ; ¦-•- -
J'ROPEHTV W A^Tti).
WANTED— Western . Addltron ... residence of
-" about ' 9 ' rooms ; good locality; about $5500.
Box 3542. Call.
, ¦gTOltACB^AllO^^REHOUSBS.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; rurniture.
'" household goods stored, moved. : shipped. - 725*
>' 781 -Howard st. nr. Third: 'phone Oram^ltfir
A — GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage."
' packing, shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Nesi; office 12.16 Market, r. M; tel. South 73u.
PIERCE-RODOLPH slorage & Moving Co.. /of."
-.flct Post and Powell »u. :* tel. > Prlv. ,Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture. and merchad-
dl«e. , 333 Golden Gate are.: phone ; East 120.*
GOLDEN. West Storage: advances made..* 840
' Mlsilon.st: tel.- Howard 941. >F. W. Zehfnsi.-
PACIFIC- Storage and I Furniture I Moving Com-
- pany. .:232f> Fillmore »t: phone Jackson 251.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
ct. : tel Main 1840 Shipping at cut rate*. -
v SLOT i, MACHINES. /- : .-
Blot, machines, $25; punchers'. - $25; lifters.-: card
: machlnes,$20. W.A.Bradford Co. ,11S5 Market.
without children, three very desirable house-
keeping rooms:- nicely furnished; bath, fin*
kitchen, stationary tubs, yard;, would rent
suite to two gentlemen. Phone Sutter 4121.
~ AFAKTMEJTT HOUSES.
1 — — . '
- -
A- -ST. HILAIRE APARTMENTS—- — '¦»
LAGUNA ST.. NEAR GEART •
Will" be ready for occupation Tn a few
. days.. Everything new. Make your
reservations now. Elegantly furnUted
apartments with private bath— 2. and
4 rooms: steam heat; sleetrlc light; ele-
' vator; private phones: rates reasonable.
*i. •
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be-' flnlr hed March 15.
, 1CS4 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms an. I
• bath each; all unfurnished: $27 50 to $40.
Make reservations now.
ST CECILE 115 Fell, above Van Nets— Tha
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-roota
apartments: private baths, steam heat eie?.
trie lights, elevator. ga» ranges; $30 to »A5.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson st — Modern 3-4 3
.rooms; also slncle: furnished or unfurnished:
marln* view- references. ¦- Phone East t:t.v>.
APABT^CTNTS iTOLEr^^^-
HOWLAND — S17 Van Ness ave., cor. Ellis *t
— Beautiful modern apartments of six rooms
and fcath: finished in -'the moet approved
. style; rents are reasonable and Include a seam.
• heaf water, elevator service, etc. : Janitor on
premises. SHAINWALD. B.UCKBEE & CO.. ,
21S-220 Montgomery »t :
ROOMS TO- I,KT Furn. anil L'ofiirn.
AURORA; rorner Second and Folsom sts. — N>-»
house, new furniture: every room outsld*:
modern "and sunny: prices from $1 CO per.
week up;. this la tha only tip-to-dat* house la
this vicinltyj first-clas» grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Room*
25c to $1 per night.. $1 25 to $5 per week aact
light . housekeeping rooms;, open all night
AT •:The ; Almonte." 873 Market -it <or No.' t
V, Fifth " st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $L; $1 SO nigh: :
¦ " $1 SO to $10 week; house open all night. ¦
BURNETT. 1426 Market <old No. 13«4>— Fur-
- nlsned room* suite. : single: also unfurnished.
California;, 1312 — Elegantly fnraiikti
rooms; private. .
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner '¦ Uiun — Elegantly
- * furnished ' sunny > ronma: prices' reasons bit. ,.
CUMMINOS. (The). SIS Poet nr. Taylor— Jsst
' 'opened; desirably located: sunny, »fngl» room*
' * and ! suites, . with ' private baths, hot and cold
- water, steam heat, electric light*, phone every
-"' room:; elevator. Phone East 1317. If desired.'
ELLIS 611— Nicely furnished -sunny, front
,_", suite"; ?¦ front alcove room, light housekeeping.'
F ILLMORE,' ' 1 124, - nr. - Ooiden Oate 1 ave. — On*
-,-' or two, refined f oeoole,. can . find ; n<?atly i fur-
inished ontslde" rooms In modern- .flat.
Continued on Page ,FourtecB."'
¦SBs«nMnM9HKanteBfifeti«B«s«i^iH
WANTS If THtlY ONLY KNOW WHAT YOU WANTSun; Moon ; and Tide.
United ", States ¦ Coast and > Geodetic : Snrvav—
.Owing to the delay In the arrival at New
York of the British- Australian -i mails. , the
Oceanic - Steamship •. Company's . liner • Ventura,
scheduled, to, sail for the Antipodes to-morrow
at 2 p. m.. will not get away until to-morrow
evening at S o'clock. . :
The schooner El Dorado, which went ashore
some days ago In the Yangtse River, was pulled
off by the tugboats sent her : assistance.
She has arrived . at Shanghai, where she will
dock for survey and repairs. -
< — ' " ¦' ? ¦ .-;..' ; : . ¦• ¦':¦'
Ventura Is Delayed.
El Dorado Is Floated.
The British ship Falklandbank. previously re
ported ashore at the mouth of . the Clyde, -got
off at' high, tide and proceeded on her voyage.
She Is bound for Victoria. • , .
Falklahdbank Proceeds.
The British ship Howth. which' left here Oc
tober 12 for Liverpool, was epoken off,; Cape
Horn March 6 short of provisions. .- with which
she was supplied by a passing vessel, whose
name Is not given In the cablegram, from Lon
don. . - ': '
Short of Provisions.
The schooner Wllliam^Renton, Captain Bruce,
•which arrived yesterday 13 days from Fair
haven, was for four days outside the heads
awaiting a breeze that would bring her in.
She brought down 660.000 feet of lumber. ,
Outside for Four Days.
The bark Electra. which left here on April
11 for Bristol Bay, was signaled off Point
Reyes yesterday flying signals for'medlcal as
sistance. The gasoline schooner Newark went
to the bark's aid and brought Into port Chris
Frits, a seaman, who slipped on the deck of
the vessel and broke his shoulder blade.
Injured Sailor Taken Ashore.
. ' Mazatlan — (J50 gals .' 1 * cs ' wine, -1705 ' lbs
spices, 6 pkgs groceries (and - provisions. '¦» 2125
lbs dried fruit. 70 cs canned goods. -607 'lbs
meals. 11 cs liquors. 644. lbs cago, 544 lbs ham
and bacon, 25 pkgs potatoen. 499 lbs butter. '51 2
lbs cheese, 6 ctls barley. 690 lbs bread. 14 pkgs
table preparations, , 93 , gals ; 22 • cs < whisky, -36
pkgs paste.' 20 ; cs s baking J powder. 100 ; flasks
quicksilver,. 4317 ft lumber, 410 bdls ehooks, 8
pkgs electrical supplies, -560 lbs -antimony, -53
bdls 80 pro,' steel, 175 pkgs ' sewer pipe. 43
*.(To Gua>Tnas— i:ill gals wine, 266 pkgs paste,
264 ' cs assorted canned • goods, h 95 bxs ; f rebh
fruit, 20 cs baking powder.- 2423 lbs spices, 977
lbs sago.' 475 lbs cocoa, "33S5 lbs 6 pkgs dried
fruits. 9080 lbs coffee;. C5 pkgs ' groceries and
provisions, ¦ 35 pkgs ¦. onions. .'3SS lbs 83 ¦<- pkgs
meals, 57 cs canned salmon; "1177 lbs raisins.
27 pkgs table preparations, -5587: lbs cheese, : till
pkgs potatoes. 505 lbs nuts. 25 cs whisky. 11 cs
assorted liquors. 11 cs mineral' water.: 14,576 ft
lumber. 11.670 lbs soda,'. 257, colls rope," bdls
27 pes iron,' 221 pkgs ¦ paints and oils, HO pkgs
axle grease, . 33 cs soap, 19; bdls^C 'bars 1 steel,
80 pkgs paper. . 23 cs boots and shoes, j 219 pkgs;
machinery. 48 pkgs nails, 1425 lbs rosin, -27tCs
fuse, 4 cylg gaB. 210 pkgs shooks. 10 bbls plas
ter, 640 pes terra cotta plpe,»2092 lbs pig lead.
20 i cd cya nlde of potassium, 56 - Ingots , copper,
10 flasks quicksilver. ¦> . ¦*, ; "^ i. ..
The etcamer Curacao. .. which ' sailed on
Thursday for Guaymas, carried an- assorted
merchandise cargo conslgnfd ' to ; the port of
destination and to ¦ other Mexican ports- valued
at ?71,SS0, to be distributed as ' follows: -For
Guaymas. $25,7(J3; Mazatlan. ?17,(>t«: Altata,
tlO,74."»; Ia Paz. *C545; Santa Rosalia; $47:tli;
Topolobampo. ?4."{o:j; . Ensenada, "$2158. The
leading exports were as follows:
Exports to Mexico.
The British bark Invermay (at Portland) is
chartered for lumber, thence to a direct nitrate
port at 32s 6d. *¦ . . ¦'¦ '
The steamer Redonflo, 679 tons, is loading
flour and supplies at Mission-street wharf for
a port in Asiatic Russia;
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Intci-est to 3Iarinci*s and
NEWS OF THE.OCEAX.
¦ Steamer. From. . I Due.
Mongolia Norfolk I |Apr. 13
Tellus Oyster Harbor (Apr. 13
San Jose New York via PanamalApr. i:{
Argo Eel River Ports \ Apr. 13
Arcata.. .. ... Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Apr. 14
Czarina Coos Bay Apr. 14
Pomona Humboldt .....:....... Apr. 14
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pta. Apr. 14
Oregon Portland & Astoria. ... Apr. 14
Point Arena. . Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Apr. 14
Santa Cruz..- Han Pedro & Way Pts. Apr. 14
Marlposa Tahiti : Apr. 15
San Pedro.... Humboldt ... .. Apr. 15
Arctic. Humboldt Apr. 15
Mackinaw Tacoma Apr. 16
North Fork... Humboldt ...Apr. 16
Eureka Humboldt .,....;...... Apr. lfl
Gaelic........ China & Japan ........ Apr. 1C
Umatllla..... Puget' Sound Ports... . Apr. 16
Amasl3 ' Seattle Apr.' 10
Wyefleld Nanaimo Apr. 17
Centralla. San Pedro ...". . Apr. 17
Spokane Humboldt Apr. 17
Bonlta. .. Newport & Way • Ports. Apr. IS
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Apr. IS
8. Monica Grays Harbor ..... Apr. 19
Alameda..... Honolnlu '.....; Apr. 19
G. W. Klder . . Portland & Astoria Apr. 19
City Panama. New York via Panama, Apr. 20
Nevadan..... Honolulu & Kkhului.. Apr.- 20
Senator Puget Sound Ports Apr. 20
Jeanie. ....... Seattle & Tacoma. Apr. 22
Amer. Maru.. Yokohama Apr. 23
TO SAIL.
Steamer. ¦ Destination.' I Sails. Pier.
April 13.
laqua Humboldt ......... 12 m Pier 2
Elizabeth.. Coqutlle River..'... 5 pm Pier 20
Chico. Coquille River.. ... 6 pm Pier 2
] Eureka. . . . Humboldt i 9 am Pier 13
Spokane... Humboldt '..' '. 1:30 p Pier y
Bonita..... Newport & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
April 14. I ¦
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor I 1 pm|PIer 8
Rainier....' Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Porno...... Pt.! Arena & Albion (> pm Pier- 2
State of Cal San Diego & "Way. » am Pier 11
,Vcntura... Sydney .&. Way Pts 8 pm Pier 7
• April 15. I
Argo. ...... Eel River Ports...] 4 pm|Pier 2
Aroatu.i.. Coos B. & Pt. Orfd|12 . m Pier 13
Alliance... Eureka \& Coos' B. 11 am|Pler 16
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports, ll'am Pier ¦ 9
Centennial. Seattle &' Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
1 April 16.. ;.{.-;
Pt. Arena.. Point ., Arena. ...... 4 pm Pier- 2
Pomona.... Humboldt '.. 1:30 p Pier !i
Korea.....' China •&. Japan. ... I pm Pier 40
City Para.. N. Y. . via Panama 12'm Pier 40
i ¦:¦. ¦ , ¦ April 17. --,¦¦-¦ ... ; ..¦:¦.¦.¦
[ Centralia.. . Gray« Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 10
Arctic..'...". Humboldt/.*.*...".*..: .....; Pier' 2
• S. Rosa'.... San Diego &> Way. 9 am Pier 11 :
|'S. Cruz.... San' Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11 '
I Oregon...;' Astoria p &< Portland 11 am Pier 24 i
! •¦ . ¦ ¦-, ¦ '¦ \; April 19. . ? -• -
i North Fork . Humboldt .' :::. . . '. . . 9 am Pier 2
I - . . \ v - April SO. . ¦ ¦:.¦;, -, \
¦ S. Pedro.'... 1 Humboldt C. .':.". ... 10 am Pier- 2
) Umatllla...' Puget Sound' Ports. 11 am Pier 9
I Amasis.... Hamburg ¦¦ & AVay. 2 pm Pier 19
•¦.:• ¦/-¦-¦¦:¦; .- * April 22. t! '•- -. '•¦ ¦" ¦
[ G.'W. Elder Astoria &• Portland 11 am | Pier 24
• ' . . . 3FrOM SEATTLE. : ;
I .'Steamer. I , \ For. I Sails.
| -. ' I " ¦ ¦ - !
! Cottage City.'. Skagway ; &- Way" Ports'. Apr.' 13 \
•'Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr.", 14 !
I City Seattle:". Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 16
[•Santa Ana. ... Vafdea^ &-iWayr Ports. Apr.'lC
! Bertha. 1 ".': . . .". Valdez ; & ?.Way/ Ports .' . Apr." 19
I Farallon : ".". . . • ¦ Skagway ,; & -Way s Ports. Apr."* 19
TO ARRIVE,
¦-^aloveincnts of Steamers.
SEATTLE— Sailed Apr 11-rShip James Nes
mith. for Manila, via Port Townsend.
Arrived Apr 12 — Stmrs .Alkl and Dolphin,
from Skagway.
Sailed Apr 12— Stmr Pleiades, for China and
a f'ORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Apr 12— Br
ship -Thlstlebank. from Astoria.
, EUREKA— Sailed Apr 12— Schr Bertha Dol
beer, for San : Pedro. .: , .¦
Arrived Apr 12 — Stmr Charles Nelson, hence
Apr 11; stmr Newsboy, hence Apr 10.
¦ Arrived -Apr. 12 — Stmrs South Bay and Arc
tic, hence Apr 11. - ..-* 1
Arrived . Apr 12 — Stmr Pasadena, henco' Acr
11. • <
-; . G RAYS - ¦ HARBOR— Sailed Apr 12— Schr
Eric.' for San Francisco.
-.POINT REYES— Passed^Apr 12, 4:50 p m—
Stmr ' San Mateo, from ¦ Tacoma, < for Port Los
Anreles. , ¦-_ , .¦-'•• •
ASTORIA— Sailed Apr 12— Stmr Oregon for
San Francisco. : -r .
¦ Arrived Apr 12 — Stmr,; Roaecrans, < from Gav
iota. -¦¦'. - - -,r.;«'.%^v?,-
VANCOUVER— Arrived. Apr 12— Schr Lottie
Bennett, from ¦ Port Townsend.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Apr 12— Ger stmr
Amasls."', from Seattle. , : •
Sailed ;Apr % 12— Ger stmr Amasls, for San
Francisco.' ¦''^B^^MB^UtHKngBtJagaJ^i
COOS BAY— Sailed Apr 12-r-Stmr Arcata for
San Francisco. ; ' , ..
-.Sailed Apr. 10 — Schr Esther Buhne. Apr 12
Stmrs Czarina and Signal, for San Francisco
'-. *. TATOOSH— Pawned In Apr ; 12— Stmr Santa
Barbara.', hence- AjV 9. for -Seattle.
. Passed ; Inward Afcr 12^ — Stmr ' Senator, hence
Apr : 10. f for » Victoria; B.C.
¦¦¦;• BELL1NGHAM— Sailed Apr 12— Schr A. M.
Baxter."*, for. San' Francisco. ' • -
TACOMA— Sailed Apr;. 12— Schri Eva, for
DOMESTIC PORTS
Schr El Dorado, from Port. Gamble, previ
ously reported ashore at entrance of Yang Tse
River, got off with assistance and has arrived
at Shanghai. She will be discharged and dock
for survey and repairs. . , •
Br ship Falkandbank. from Glasgow for Vic
toria,'previously reported aground In tho River
Clyde, has been floated and proceeded on voy
aze. ...
MISCELLANEOUS
'¦ Dec 31— In lat 6 S. long 136 "W, Br ship
Laurieton. from Tacoma for Queenstown.
Jan 20— In lat 38 S, long 120 W. Fr bark
Charles Gounod, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
Mar tt— In lat 1 S, long 31 W, Br ship
Howth. her.ee Oct 12 for Liverpool, and was
supplied with provisions. .
Mar 12— In lat 16. long 21 W. Br ship Wan
derer, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
SPOKEN
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Apriri2. 10 p. m.— Weather
foggy wind S; velocity 22 miles per hour.
Tuesday, April 12.
U S stmr Supply, Pond, Midway Island and
Guam.
Stmr George W. Elder. Randall. Astoria.
-' Stmr Aurelia. Erickson, Astoria.
Stmr Whittier. Dickson. Portland.
Stmr Shasta Hansen, Fairhaven. '¦'
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz..
* Stmr Brooklyn, Johnson, Mendoclno.
Ship Columbia. Lieblg, Bristol Bay.
Ship Aryan, Pendleton. Honolulu.
: Schr Mary E. Russ, Everson. Coos Bay.
Schr Expansion, Nelson, Bristol Bay, via
Grays Harbor.
sailed;
CLEARED. 17-
Tuesday, April 12.
Stmr Mtzpah, Wilhelmsen. Bristol Bay,
Alaska Salmon Co.
Stmr Bonita, Glelow, San Pedro, P C S S Co
Stmr Whlttier, DIckson, Portland, Union Oil
Company. - .
Ship Tacoma. Pedcrson, Bristol Bay, Alaska
Packers' Association.
. ARRIVED.
Tuesday. April 12.
Stmr Centennial. Strand, 71 hours from Se
attle.
Stmr Alcazar, Johnson. 14 hours from Green
wood.
Stmr Porno. Ahlln. 14 hours from Albion, via
Point Arena 10 hours.
Schr William Renton, Bruce, 13 days from
Fairhaven.
I Schr Ivy, Lundquist, 5 days from Coos Bay.
Shipping Intelligence.
To Santa Rosalia— 2S61 lbs butter. 3089 lbs
cheese, 225 crts potatoes, 1»K> crts onions, 14
ctls barley. 50 cs canned goods. 969 lbs bread.
270 gals wine, 210 lbs nuts, 3 cs whisky, 2C3o
IUh p!ff tin. 22 ch oils. 8 pkgs dry goods.
To Topolcbanrpo — 100 gala wine. 47 pkgs gro
ceries and provision*, 1200 lbs dried fruit, 25
pkgs potatoes, SIS lbs spices. 28 cs salmon, 8
pkgs windmill. l'J.OOO lbs cement, 34.672 ft lum
ber, 20 bdls iron, 17 ca drugs. ¦¦ 50 pkgs paints
and oils, 56 sks coal, 11 bdls boiler tubes, 6
bdls 4 pes steel, 8 bdls pipe, 5 coils rope.
To Ensenada— 0180 lbs rice, 10 cs wine, 18
pkgs groceries and provisions, 30 cs whisky,
13.430 lbs salted hides. 2 bbls mineral water,
14 pkgs paper, 4 cs paints, 6 pkgs agricultural
implements.
' To La Paz— 26 pkgs groceries and provisions,
S75 lbs cheese, 3S pkgs potatoes, o7 pkss paste.
224 lbs dried fruit. !» cs canned goods. 225 gals
wine, iJO pkgs meals, 10 bbls flour, 10 cs sal
mon, 104 pkgs machinery. 19t>4 ft lumber, 70
cs cyanide, 12 colls rope. 11 bdls Iron. 11) pkg3
steel, 17 pligs paints and olls», 2S pkgs snooks.
75 boiler tubes, 20£5 lbs zinc. 2<i pkgs nails, 7
cs cartridges.
pkgs machinery. 17,675 -lbs tallow, 40 boiler
tubes. 10 pkgs drugs. 36 pkgs pipe, 27 bdls 53
pes iron, U20 lbs soda, 13 colls rope, 120 cs
bluestonc. -400 pea 47 pkgs railroad material,
12 pkgs car material. ; : ' '
To Altata — 20 pkgs meals.- 10 pkg9 groceries
and provisions, 14 cs whisky, 10 pkgs paste,
2000 lbs raisins. 279 lbs spices. 7 pkga potatoes,
9 pkgs drugs, 25 cs fuse. 7 pkgs electrical sup
plies, "0 pkgs candles, 1U.2G4 ft lumber, 57 bdls
Iron, 10 pkgs eewing machines, 78 pkgs ma
chinery, 34 pkgs steel. 10 flasks quicksilver,
102 cs coal oil, 37 pkgs paints and oils, 4 live
cows.
An accident to the Time Ball mechanism has
necessitated a temporary discontinuance of the
service; Further notice will be given when
It is put In order. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
April 12,
Branch Hydrographtc . Office, U. S. X., Mer
chants' Exchange, San .Francisco, ,Cal..
«
Time 'Ball.
. Time and Height of High and Low -Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority cf
: the Superintendent.
NOTE: — The nigh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission -street wharf) about- 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
' WEDNESDAY. APRIL 13.
Sun rises S:3S
Sun sets 6:43
Moon rises 4:25 a. m.
O Tlmel Time iTime Time
t» Ft. Ft. I Ft. Ft.
J> L W[ |II W| |L W H W
13 3:54 1.5 10:16 4.7 3:58 l.S 10:30 ITI
14 4:30 - 1.2 10:&S 4.8 4:30 1.5 10:58 6.1
15 5:0« 0.8 11:40 4.8 5:03 . 1.7 11:22 5.2
16-5:38 .0.5 12:24 4.7 5:38 2.011:47 5.2
17 6:19 0.2 1:10 4.716:14 2.3
H W L W| |H W L W .
18 I 0:18 5.4 7:021 0.1 2:00 4.3 6:54 2.7
19 I 0.65 5.3 7:47| 0.0 2:52 4.3 7:41 2.8
¦NOTE — In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; thu
fourth time column. gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then- the number
given is subtracted from the depth Riven by
the charts. The plane of reference ia the mean
of the lower low* waters.
PACIFIC MAIL STEAJISIIIP CO
LON. WHICH STRUCK A REEF
OFF PUNTA REMEDIOS.
The steamer F. A. Kilburn, built by the
Fulton Iron Works for the WatAnvllle Trans
portation Company, was grlven her trial trip
yesterday afternoon and proveu.ln every way a
success. The Kilburn was "milk to carry
freight from Pajaro Valley to San Franclsce,
in competition with the, railroad company. The
Kilburn is a 14-knot boat and wilU make the
round trip in one day. ¦¦ She is 175 'feet. long.
30 feet beam, 12 feet deep. She has two cargo
holds and carries her machinery amidships.
She has accommodations for thirty-four'first
class passengers. . t
Captain William A. Irvine, command
er of the Colon, has been in the Pa
cific Mall Company's service for a quar
ter century and bears the reputation of
being a thorough seaman and'careful
navigator. His career has been remark
ably clear of accidents, and in his pres
ent trouble he has the sympathy of a
wide circle of good friends.
The Colon has plowed the seas and
avoided rocks for more than a score
and a half of years. ,She was built in
1873 at Chester, "Pa.
F. A. Kilburn a Success.
Point Remedios reef, where the Coign
struck, extends out about eighteen
miles from the point and is one of the
worst menaces to navigjrtion on
the San Francisco-Panama route.' The
Pacific Mail steamers Nicaragua and
San Bias both got into difficulties on
this reef, which also spitted the Kos
mos liner Kambyses.
The Colon left here March 26 with
many passengers and a full cargo.
Many of the former were booked for
Central American ports north of Aca
jutla f and reached their destinations
in safety. The cabin passengers on
board when the vessel struck included
the following named:
Miss C. N., Powell, Miss H. Olafson,
O. A. Rowan, W. S. Vincent, Miss P.
Schmid, Lieutenant E. W. Wood, U. S.
N.; M. T. C. de Chasse, Rev. and Mrs.
J. H. Painter and Rev. and Mrs. S. V.
Dille. : .
In addition to these there were a
number of Chinese and twenty-seven
steerage passengers bound for New
York. ;
. — ; — .
The Pacific Mail Company's steam
8hip Colon, Captain William A. Irvine,
which left here March 26 for Panama,
struck on a rock Monday afternoon at
Punta Remedios. She was badly dam
aged, an<J when backed from the reef
was found to be leaking at an alarm
ing rate. The Colon is unprovided with
water-tight bulkheads. There is no
place in the vicinity of rocky Remedios
where a vessel could be beached, so
Captain Irvine put back to Acajutla,
which port he had left but a short
while before. By making vigorous use
of the pumps the run to Acajuila was
made. There the Colon was bea"ched. .
The passengers were landed and the
cargo is being lightered ashore. The
extent of the damage cannot be deter
mined'until a more complete examina
tion is made. \
Panama Liner Strikes a Reef Off Punta Remedios and Is Saved
From Foundering by being Beached— Passengers Are Taken
Safely to Land and Cargo Is Being Transferred to Lighters
' ISLAND PORTS.
wS 0^- 0^ c U ~2. alled A ? r "-Bark ¦ Andrew
San Francisco* bark Edward May,
for Maka\veli.
Apr^>^ ed Apr , 12 ~ stmr Llke-Llke. hencs
*^?;"' d -, Apr c ! 1= ~ Bark Annie Johnson and «cnr
Aloha, for ' San Francisco.' - ¦ It-----
-TOXOPAH, MINES.
BId.Ask. Bt(J Jk
Colehan — v IS Ray & OBrlen — * l(>
Esperanza '. . . — 01 Rescue ..07 OS
Gipsy Queen. — 30 Ton Fehnont.. 60 m
Gold 'Anchor. — ' 23 Ton A Cal »t
Gold 'M Con. 04 10 Ton Exten*.! 66' —
Ilannapah ... — in Ton of -Nev.7 87US "5
Hannapah . M. ¦ . — 23 Ton N ' Star ~J ~l
Little, Ton... 26|T6n Midway! I S6 -.7
MacNamara . - IS . 19!Ton Superior 1"
Mont- Ton.. 1 40 1 47 >4 United Ton ."." 09 —
Paymaster .. — 12l\Vest End .. — ID
Ray Ton ... 18 2o| '
:\:":.y':y:
Bristol Bay; stm* Mackinaw, for San Fran
cisco. "'-.'. v
TUESDAY. April 12—4 p m.
Bid. Ask. . Btd Ask
Alpha • 07 09 Justice 02 ftt
Alta.... 08 CO Kenfuck 02 0.1
Andes 30 31 Keyes Graea.. M 1 M
Belcher ...... 32 34 Lady- Wash .. 0«
Best & Belch.2 10 2 20 Mexican 2 05 2 10
Bullion 10. 12 Occidental ... 84.86
Caledonia .... 69 70 O- v »- ......5 12U 5 2."
Challenge Con 2:5 25 Overman 3t •?»
Chollar • 24 26 Potosl 20 22
Confidence 74 SO Scorpion 12 14
Con C & Va.l 65 1 70 Savage ....... 40 41
Con Imperial. 02 03 Seg Belcher .. 1" n
Con N Y .... (tt • MlR'erra Nev .. M nji
Crown Point. 13 16|SlIver Hill .. 5a KO
East Sierra N 0» — St I^juls .... _ in
Eureka Con.. — 50| Syndicate .... W -US
Exchequer .. 33?. S3 Union Con .. 72' r:
Gould & Cur. 3O 321 Utah .... i.-j [i
Hale & Norc. 83 S7| Yellow Jacket 25 "rt
Julia .....:... OS 09| -¦'•¦'."".
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
1000 Rescue .. C8 1 500 Ton Belmont.. 59
700 Ton Belmont. 6C| 500 Ton ' N Star.. 3i>
10.000 Evelyn 07 500 Ton Belmont.. 60
'2C0Mont Ton ..145 100 Ton Midway.. ' 37
300 Mont Ton ..1 42H
Afternoon Session.
Morning Session
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE*
Following were the sales on the San Fran*
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alta C8 200 Ophir 0©
600 Andes 30 400 Overman 32
2C0 Belcher S3 2C0 Potosl 20
200 Belcher 34 300 Savage :i!>
100 Best & Belch.2 15 200 Savage .IS
200 Bullion 12 500 Scorpion II
100 Challenge Con 25 30O Sierra Ner .. 6M
BOO Chollar 2<: 20O Sierra Ner .. es
40O Con C & Va.l 65 SOO Sierra Ner .. «l
ICO Confidence ... 75 SOO Union Cpn .. 7:t
300 Exchequer .. 36| 200 Union Con .. 75
500 Gould & Cur. C2I 200 Union Con .. 74
9G0 Mexican 2 05[
Afternoon Session.
400 Andes .*»! 100 Occidental ... S5
100 Best & Belch.2 10 200 Ophlr ........ S 0O
1C0 Caledonia ... 70 200 Scorpion 13
3C0 Con Imperial. 02 ICO Sierra Ner .. k:,
600 Crown Point. 15 100 Sierra Ner .. et
100 Gould & Cur. 30 200 Union Con .. 72
200 Mexican 2 05 200 Utah 14
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha Con .. OS 200 Ophlr 5 25
300 Alpha Con .. 09 200 Ophir o 12^i
200 Belcher 33 100 Ophlr 5 (SO
100 Best & Belch.2 10. SOO Overman S*J
100 Chollar 20 ICO Savage ....... C7
100 Con C & Va.l 65| 70O Scorpion S 1«
1C0 Con C & Va.l COt 100 Sierra Ney .. m
300 Exchequer .. 35| 2C0 Sierra Nev .. «7
500 Julia ..: 07 1.20O Sierra Ner .. «»
200 Mexican ...2 12UJ SOO Sierra Ner .. t;S
100 Mexican 2 10! 10O Union Coo- .. 7.1
100 Mexican .....2 05i 400 Union Con .. 72
100 Mexican 2 00|
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher ...... 33 100 Ophir ... .5 12'j
100 Best & Belch.2 10 100 Overman 31
10O Bullion 12 200 Overman ..: ."••
300 Caledonia ... 68 100 Union Con . . 73
300 Con C & Va.l 65 200 Union Con .. 71
500 Con C & V.I 62^i 100 Yellow Jacket 28
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Mining Stocks.
V TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G * E. 69% «0»4t
INSURANCE. • . - , ;
Firem's Tad. — 350
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nil Bk. — 122>,4 L P it A^^.laSlJ -j.
A£l£ad™« 87' Mer Trusty. - 220
Bank of GU.428% — M«-ch Er^.. -- —
Cal Safe" Dp.145 150 S F NaUoftl. — —
First Natlonl — — I
* SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2250 2350 Sav & J* 80. -« 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec bav Bk. — 45O
Mutual Sav. 10O — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.623 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..— 200 IPresldlo .....— 41
1 Geary — 80 I
_ POWDER.
Giant 60 60%|Vlgorit — •
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 25c Kllauea S C. 5% —
Hawaiian C^ 48 50 Makawell C-. — 22J,
Honokaa S C 12U 12«i Onomea S C. -- 27Va
Hutch S P C — 9'/a Paauhau S C. 1S% 14V*
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA.— 145 (Oceanic S Co. -- 4*i
Cal F C A. 89 «— |Pac Aux FA. B^ii —
Cal Wine A. 91 14 92}$|Pac C Borx.170 —
MV& MtTm.lCO — I
. Morning Session.
Board—
20Horokaa S Co 12 50
30 Oceanic S S Co 4 1-V4
70 Kprlnx Valley Water Co 59 5«
$4,000 S P Cal 1st con 5* (stamped) . |109 75
25 California Wine Association... 01 87 V4
50 SpripB Valley WaUr Co 39 W »,
1 1,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6 per Cent. 116 50
Afternoon Session.
'Board —
10 S F Gas & Electric 60 5O
50 S F Gas & Electric 81 «»
15 Spring Valley Water Co 30 SO
$1,000 Sac Elect Gas & Ry 5s 09 «j»
$3,000 S F & S J V 5s 116 o0
85 Cal Fruit Canners' A3»n 100 00
Unlisted Securities. '
'', -*/' " ¦.;¦* *¦ ' - ,
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 97Vi — SF & NP 5s.lll% —
B L Wat 6S.100 — S P C R 4s. — , 100
Cal NW 3s..lOStiH0% S P Co 4>*». 90 —
M C Wat 5s. — 102 I Sun Tel Bs^-113 —
Ris I WksSs. — lOT^ISuitr-st RSs.lOf. 113
SF Drdk 5s. — 113^1 UP. of 6F 1*. 77 77%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co.. — 30 I Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils. S6 — Nev Nat Bk. — .19714
Cal G&E Cor — 37%! N S R R Co. 0V* —
C Jockey C1.105 123 |N Cal P Co. 10^ 11
Cal Powder. 125 14O I Oak Bk Sav.112% —
Cal Ship Co. 15 3O I Oak T Con.. 7* —
Cal T I & T — 135 | IOOF Hall A 6 —
Cen Bk. Oak 63% — Orpheum Co. 12 18'*
Chutes Co... 6% — |Pac S Tel Co.101 —
City & C Bk — 112 iParaf Paint. 38 —
East Dynm.150 250 [S F Drydock «O —
DrntPwd pfd — 90 fSF&SJ Coal. 23 —
Do com. . . 40 — S J Wat Co. — 106
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — I SO & MTfCbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr — l}i|Swl»s-A Bk.115 —
Frnch-A Bk.105^ — I Truck Elect. 10 —
Gaa Con A.. 19 Vi 21 I UR InC pM. 43 —
Hono P Co. 13% 15 J Do com... » : — • ;
Lon& SF Bk — 60 |7y
Mornintr Besslon.
200 Northern Cal Power Co 11 00
California Stock and Oil Exchangb
Oil stocks — Bid. Asked.
Apollo 45
Associated Trust Cert 10 20
Aztec 60 70
Caribou 3 20 3 6T»
Chicago Cnide 20 21
Claremont 65
Hanford 175 0O
Home 1 55 1 «2>.i
Independence • 2O .. 21
Kern L 5 0O 5 12*i
Kern River '. 10 00 12 00
Monarch of Arizona 40 ....
Monte Crlsto 77^ ....
Occidental of W Va 10 13
OH City Petroleum 40 41
Peerless 14 00
Plttsburs 2«»
Senator M «."•
Sovereign V,
Thirty-Three 6 25 SCO
Twenty-Eight 6 50 *8 «»
Associated bonds 79
T"V, i<; ; Morning Session.
400 Oil City Petroleum 41
. 4 Hanford. b 90 ISO 0<>
1 Hanford. cash 175 OH
MO Occidental 12
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Home 1 62'i
200 Home ,.... 1 <5<>
100 Sovereign 41
•TOO Oil City Petroleum 4f>
100 Astec «T.
COO Occidental 11
15 Spring Valley 89 50
PACIFIC MAIL COMPANY'S STEAMSHIP
COLON IS RUN ASHORE AT ACAJUTLA
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY; A PRlL ,13, \ 190£.
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
14
KOOM!> TO LIST-— Fnra^w»J.JPn£^r^
FOR «lwrle *rentleman. in private nom« (no
other roomers), a larce. eunny, furnished
room, with bath afljolninc: 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle
Addrera box 2C24. Call offlc*.
p^X/TOX. 27 — Nicely furnished room, for two
yonnit gentlemen; private family.
GR^ND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 nlsht: $1 50 to S6 \vk.: reading-room.
GRANT AVE. 7 — Nlcrlr furnished sunny
suite, suitable 4 ecntlemen; also cingl« rms.
JES/-IE. 363. east U. S. Mint — Furnished front
roomn $6 and XI. -¦
JULIA. 42*£. off Mission, near Eighth— Nicely
furnished 'room : private family.
LARK IN. R04 — Sunny front room for I or 2
gentlemen: $7 per month^ _^___
PIFRCE. 75— Large front room, closet; also
"large eide room: for one or. two.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lighta,
readtnr-room emokin^-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per r.lKht. S5C to $1 00; week. 53
to $8; month. $8 to $30: elevator on sround
Door: rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SEVENTH ave.. C7. rear Lake — Furnished
rootk.e. •
STOCKTON. 41 end 45— Nicely furnished pun-
ny front suite*, a&o eingle rooms, for gentle-
Wn: $1 50. $2 60 to
TAYLOR. «15 — Suites, elngle rooms and board;
terms rfa*on&.ble.
THE ST. KATHRYN. N.E. cor. Leavenworth
•nd Ellis— Sunniest rooms in the city; new
hotel; Just furnished fresh und clean: hair
mattresses In everv room; also hot and cold
•rater, baths, etc.; steam heat throughout;
elevator eervice and every modem conveni-
ence; room* from $3 per week up.
TURK. 82 — Newly furnished sunny rooms, ea
sultt or single; transient; Just opened.
UNITED PTATTS. 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
'tvddc, S5c to (1 ni^ht. $1 75 to *6 week; elec-
tric lights (no eaa). running water in every
room: elevator.read.-room: free bus: baesaLge.
TFOLF House, 202 Sixth— Electric light In every
room: 15c to $1 a night; 75c to $5 * week;
open «I1 night: convenient to all cars.
VAN NESS ave.. 51» — Elerant front parlors
¦ cfi adjoining milte for of floe or club.
TAN NESS. ICfi — Nicely furnished sunny par-
ior bedroom in modern flat; running water.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
X5c to $1 50 nlrfct; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
•lee. !iglit«: reading-room: free bus; baggage.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions h»* b»H-n
opened at 1006 Market et.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
* EDGEMERE HOTEL.
TS1 Bush rt.. above Powell; select first-
class residential hotel; elegantly furnished
and table unsurpassed; electric light; steam
heated and private exchange telephones in
•very room; terms reasonable.
B. DU CARPE. Prop.
HOARD ror the nmmT In a nice prtv»>»
borne In San I/eandro: one hour"* ride to
6«n Francisco; all the fruit, vegetables, bat-
ter ettt and chickens; hom* raited; accom-
modatloni first class nr.<J home like; rs,t»t
very reasonable. Box 4276. Call.
~~ HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN. NESS AVE.. NEAR GEART ST.
SELECT AXD FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
BOWARD Ml A— First-class board with room,
ringle or double. $5-$6 week; American fam-
ily; home cocking: home comforts; piano.
HOTEL ELSMERn. 41S Sutter — Sunny suites.
Fingle rmi. : excellent table: moderate prices.
N E. CORNER Broderick and Fulton — Sunny
eulte. also eingle room, with board; modern.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Elegantly furnished
>ulte«. with baths: also single: homelike.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WAVTED.
ALAMEDA— Board and room waited by mar-
ried couple In private family In quiet neigh-
borhood near Grand ft. ttatlon; no children.
AdiirMf 1S02 Bucna VlrtA ave.. Alameda.
ROOMS WANTED.
V." ANTED — 3 unfurnished rooms; *tate loca-
tion and rrice. Bex 15S1. Call.
TV * NTED— 3 unfurnished rooms by the first
of May. Afldifsa box 47. 10C8 Market st.
M-\VI>«; MACHIXES A XP SUPPMES.
lor MARK NO MISTAKE.
But grt the best sewing machine en earth
v.h«>n you buy the White. We are closing
ont a lot of new machine* that are slightly
chop worn at one-half and one-third rfgular
price*. White Sewing Machine Co.. offices
"i« Post et.. 1841 Fillmore et., and 70S Va-
>ncl» et.
RENTERS— rv« have 100 new «rop head White
sewing machines for rent; quick service;
best machines; telephone Black 1106. White
Kpwir.g Machine Co.. 300 Post 6t.
DOMESTIC — The machine tor family u»e;
best Is cheapest; second-hand all makes ax
«r.> price: all kinds rented lowert rates.
Domestic offlce. 1021 Market, near Sfxth. •
JCEW HOME— See our new triplf-feed ma-
chines: slightly used: $10. Sir.. $20: second-
hand. S3. SS, }*•: ail etylee; guaranteed New
Horn* P«-w.irz Machine Co.. 1051 Market et.
SPECIAL 1VOT1CE5.
? GUARANTEED cure for piles; PETER
FREILING'S pile salve. $1 per box; war-
ranted to cure all cases of bleeding^ itching,
?•jctcrnul, internal «r protruding pi.es, also
Iletula. nitr.out fail, no matter how Ions
«taridtr.«. \V2s IVvisadt'ro st.. near Sutter.
SPECIALISTS.
CA^TABJrUlT DEAFNESS i andNOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods: I week's treat-
ment free Dr. Orttineham. 204 Sutter »t.
STCTTERING AJVD STAM3IERIXfi.
MELBOURNE Inrtltute7~Van Ne*s~&~!5arketl
promises cur* If In fair health; hours 1 to 5.
MAKRIAtfK IACESSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
jestorday:
Robert B. IVjwnif. 30. 3C1 Mississippi street.
*ml l*aulm» B. I'ngfr. 2G, Parkf-r avenue.
Kdward W. Gunther. 21. 1285 Waller etreet,
«n«i Ktta Clayburgh, IS, 121U Masonic avenue.
Cliarlee Nicholas Jr.. 22. Petaluma, and
Nannie A. SteretU 24. PcUiluma.
Uemy I'ughe*. :>4, 1813 Mason street, and
Gertrude M. Terrill, 24. 1311 H.ansome etreet.
.loM^ph A. Cuneo, 21. 9 Jasper place, and
Angriina M. Ventura. 20. I10S Kearry etrert.
George A. C. S<*hultz. 22. 543 Po*t Ftrr-et,
and Bertha A. Barber. IS. 520 Taylor etreet.
Fritz A. D. S. Hruns. 21. 306 Tch»ma street,
and Henry t;. K. Berger. 18. V.f*i Tehama street.
Otto J. F. Kluiig, 21. 152« Folsom «strett.
and Lucy 11. Burko. IS. T.74 Hatght street.
Chrl* Pallesen, :'A, San Jose, and Lillian M.
Grrgory. 2X, I^ob Gatos.
J<»twph P. Peters, 23. city, and Cora E. de
Gu«rre. ?7. <-»ty. '
• Uuciielmo F«^rlia. 2-1. 702 Front etreet, and
Mary Donati. lfi, 2T> Vallrjo street.
Frank lmbrrt, 23. 14<i2 Mason street, and
Jeanne Boulogm. 23. 1402 Mason street.
Jfsfp S. Van Zant. 23. Nashville. Tenn., and
Lulu liarnhart. 24. Dr-troit. Mich.
I". Weldon Young. 34. Seattle, Wash., and
Harri Maydwell. 'i:, liro» Jones street.
Jame* A. Ryan. S3. St. Louis. Mo., and
Pearl R. Bandy. 26. Newport, Ark.
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
* i
Blr'.h. marriage and death notices >ent by
mail will not be Inserted. Thfy must be handed
In «t either of the publicaton offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
t-ons authoiiz'd to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
. KORN.
LARSON— In this city. April 11, IS04, to the
wife of Kdw. Larson, h daughter.
OTTKNIIEIMER— In thi* oily, April 12 1004
t.j th« wife of II. J. Ott««nhelmer, a daughter*
PHILLIPS— In this city. April 11. 1904 to the
wife of JenaincK Phillips, a «on.
MABBIED.t> ~~
ATKINS— STEIN KOENIG— In Oakland Cal
Apiil 11. 1SK»4. by the Rev. E. R. Dllle', Hor'l
»c»- \V. Atkins and Wllhclmina Steinkoenlc
Ixrth of San Francisco. * '
A1JKIXG— COTTKCHING— In this city Aprils
1B04. by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal. Friederich
W. Alsing and Clara GotUching, both of
this lit} .
BODIN— StINDVIK— In this city. April 1"
1SW4, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelanaer, pastor
of the First EnrliMi Lutheran Church Emil
O. Bodln and Frida E. Sundvlk. both of
tlit« city.
TIKI! — RHODES— In this city, April 4, 1904
t>y the Rev. H. A. Luckenbarh, Harry k!
Fleh of Kan Francisco and Edna M. Rhodes
<>f San Jose.
KIMMEL— WEISS— In this city. April it
1904, by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal. George
Kimmri and Christina Weiss, both of this
«'il>\
KHAW—MORRIS— In Oakland. Cal.7 April 10
1904, by the Rev. E. R. DII1«. Joseph H
cf Oakland and Nellie Morris of San
Francisco.
THOnSEN— CHURCH WIG— In this city. April
II. H*H. by the Rev/ O. Groensbcrg, • Hans
Thoraen and Marie Churchwig. 4^
DIED
AUenberg. Caroline Imhaus. Celeste
Arper, Thomas Konigsberg. Mary L.
Bernhard. William Macondray, Mrs. F.
' Boorman. James E. McDonald, Thos. F.
Boucher. Sarah S. McNamee, William
Brommer, Manton Meehan, Rose
Costa Joseph Mehegan. Jeremlan
Day. Wilbur G. Meyer. Matilda
i Driscoll, May M. Mcsebach. F. C.
Driscoll, Mervln P. Murray. Annie
Duncan. Robert A. O'Halloran. Frank
Egan. Sister Mary Pilster. Henrietta A.
Kmlay. Roselle M. Pollard. Samuel A.
Fltzpatrick, Frank Rathjen, Catharine
Fredericks, Amelia Riley. Mrs. Ann
Fucich, Steve Schaffner, Mrs. D.
Griffith. Vivian S. Stephens. Mary
Guerin Frederic Storch, Avsusta
Hart. Leoi»old * Sweeney, Richard J.
Hosford, Llllie B. l Wilkins. Lena F.
ALLENBERG — April 12. 1904. Caroline, be-
lovrd wifp of Charles Allenberg. and mother
cf Mrs. Blanche Beck, Leo and Edwin L.
Allenberg. a native of Philadelphia, Pa.,
aged 54 years 5 months and 4 days.
ARPER— In this city. Thomas Arper. husband
of Sarah Arper. arid father of Albert D.,
Ueorge W-. Clarence T., and Annie L. Ar-
per and Mrs. Emma J. West, a native of
Korel. Canada, aged 7» years and 14 days.
ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock. Services strictly
private.
BERNHARD— In this city. April 10. 1904.
William Bernhard. beloved son of Henry and
ifopbfk Bernhard. and beloved brother of
John J. Bernhard Mrs. 1 Frederick Han and
Mrs. Harry Staupacker, a native of Iowa,
aged 29 years 2 months and S days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday. April 13. 1904. at 2 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau, 303
Montgomery avenue. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery-
BOORMAN— At lUs residence In Maryeville.
April 11. 1904, at 11 a. ra., James Edward
Boorman. * native of Buffalo. N. Y., aced 61
years.
eywill be buried on Wednesday at 2:30
o'clock.
BOUCHER— In this city. April 1L 1904. Sarah
Stanley, widow of the late James Boucher,
and beloved mother of Mary A. and Hen-
rietta S. Boucher, Mrs. L. R. Ellert of San
Francisco. James S. Boucher of Washington
¦ nd the late Arthur E. Boucher or Virginia
City. Nev.
ICSViends of the family are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral to-day (Wed-
nesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 59 Pierce street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner of Fillmore and Fell
streets, where sen-Ices will be held. Inter-
ment private.
BROMMER— In this city, April 12, 1904. Man-
¦ ton 1 Mni O Brcmmer. beloved son of Jane
and the late Henry Bromrner. and brother of
Mrs. J. Cunningham and Mrs. Mae Love, a
native of San Francisco, aged 28 years 9
months and V4 days.
COSTA— In this city. April 11. 1904. Joseph,
beloved son of the late Pedro and Juana Cos-
- ta, and brother of Charles, Peter and Jennie
Costa, a native of San Francisco, aped 22
yearb.
CTTrienis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from
the parlors of Valente. Marini & Co.. 1524
Stockton street, thence to Spanish Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul. Interment Italian
Cemtiery-
DAY— In this city. April 12, 1904, Wilbur Gil-
more, beloved son of William H. and Effie
L. Day, and brother of Dorothy Day, a na-
tive of Oakland.. Cal.. aged 1 year 4 months
and 14 days.
DR1ECOLL— In this city. April 11. 1904, May
M Driecoll-Pchneider, beloved daughter of
Mr*. M. A. O'Brien and Jere J. Driscoll.
and sister of J. Edward Driscoll, a native
of Stn Francisco, aged 30 years 11 months
and 17 days.
CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the tuneral to-morrow
(TUurfday*, at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
crfice. 2. r >f> Turk str«*et. thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the r«pose of her «=oul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Ctofs Cemetery.
DKISCOLL— In this city. April 11. 1904, Mer-
vin Patrick, infant eon of Florence and Mary
DriEcoll, brother of Daniel. Florence and Cor-
nelius Alfred Driscoll, and nephew of Michael,
Kate, Daniel and Ella . Driscoll and Mrs.
Mary P. McCarthy, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 4 months and 22 days.
CfFnentM ai.-l acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the fuseral to-day
< Wednesday). April 13. 1904. at 1:30 o'clock.
fiom the parents' residence. 264 Crescent
avenue, off Mission road. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DUNCAN— In New York. March 19. 1904, Rob-
ert A. Duncan, beloved husband of Mattle
Duncan, and brother of Mrs. Jay E. Rus-
*e!i of San Francesco.
EGAN— In this city. April 12. 19O4. Sister Mary
Meehtilde Ezan tSister of Mercy), a native
cf Iifland.
: E7A requiem mass win be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock Thursday,
April 14, at the Chapel of the Passion.
First street, between Harrison and Bryant.
Interment prlx-ate. *
EMLAT-Ia Oakland. Cal.. April 12. 1904, Ro-
, telle Margaret, beloved daughter of Louis A.
and Minna B. Imlay, and sifter of Louise,
Aileer.e and Carl EmJay, a native of Oakland,
Cal.. aged 10 years 10 months and 22 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow <T7iursday). at 2 o'clock, at the
Trinity Episcopal Church, corner of Tele-
graph avenue and Twenty-ninth street, Oak-
land. " Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
FITZPATRICK— In this city. April 12, 1904,
at the parents' residence, lC32Vi Treat a\'e-
nue. Frank, beloved son of Frank J. and
Nellie Fitzj>atrlck, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 years 9 months and 14 days,
j FREDERICKS— In this city, April 12, 1904,
Amelia, beloved wife of the late John C,
Fredericks, and devoted mother of Fred,
Then pa and John Fredericks, a native of
Germany, aged M years 6 months and 22
days.
Z^T Friends and acquaintances and officers
and members of the San Francisco Frauen
Verein are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at 11
oYlock, frorn her late residence, 2215 Sutter
street, between Pierce and Scott. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
Fl'CICH— In this city. April 11, 1904. Steve
Fucich. beloved brother of Frank Fucich of
Han Francisco, a native of Cherso Ietrla,
Austria, aped 22 years and 8 months!
Ey Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Thursday), at 1 :.".<» o'clock sharp, from Aus-
trian Hall. 507 Sutter street, under the aus-
-pices or the Austrian Military and Benevo-
lent Association. Remains at the parlors of
Valente, Marini & Co.. 1524 Stockton etreet.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GRIFFITH— In this city, April 11. 1904. Vlrian
SuKan. dearly rx-loved daughter of Alexander
and Alieo Griffith, and sister of Alice Grif-
fith, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
9 mcntb« and 5 days.
C7Friendts and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral will take place
to-day <\Vednebday), at 2 o'clock, from her
parents' residence, 4S Woodward avenue, be-
tween Thirteenth and Fourteenth, Valencia
and Mission streets. Interment Mount Olivet
Omcter}-.
I GUERIN— In this city. April 11. 1904, Frederic
Guerin. beloved uncle of Mr. and Mre. R.
Fos, Mr. and Mrs. G. Elliott. Mr. and Mrs!
F. Rockford and F. Guerin, a ! native of
France, aged 75 years U months and 4 days.
(CT The/ funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thun»<i«y), at. 1 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chaprl of J. S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery
avenue, thenre to the French Church for ser-
vices. Funeral private. Interment Holy
i Cross Cemetery.
HART— In San Jose. Cal.. April 12. 1904, Leo-
pold Hart, beloved husband of the late Hor-
t«>nse Hart, and dearly beloved father of
Mr*. G. W. Alexander, Mrs. Charles Becker,
Mrs. Isidore W. Cahen oX San Francisco, and
Alex. EsV-lle and Natalie Hart, a native of
Forbach. Lorraine, aged 75 years 2 months
and 5 days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
f fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, {rom his late
residence, 40 North Eighth etreet, San
Jose. 7
HOSFORD— In Alameda. Cal.. April 8. 1904.
Lillie IJelle Hosford. beloved wite of Dr. W.
J. Hosford, Bister of Mrs. Dr. E. T. Hosford,
and daughter of Hon. L. T. Tuttle of Utah, a
native of Utah, aged ."« year*.
IL^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
< Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the I. O.
O. F. Hall, corner of Park street and Santa
Clara avenue, under the auspices of Fair
Oaks Rebecca Lodge. .
IMHAUS— In this city. April 12." 1904, Celeste
Irr.haus. relict of the late Louis Imhaus.
mother of Louis A. and E. J. Imhaus. and
Kiandmothc-r of Mrs. A. Hotje and Alfred C.
and Alfred lmy«us. a native of Brussels. Bel-
'Blum. . ;¦>>
KONIGSBERG— In this city. April 11. 1904.
Mary Louise, beloved wife of Charles S.
Konigsberg, and mother of Charles W
Konlgsberg, and daughter of Mrs. Mary A
Brlffgs, a native of Boston, aged 53 years 1
months and 2(i Jays. (Oakland papers pleasa
copy.)
CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday. April 14, 1904, at 1:30 o'clock,
at the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company. 2475 Mission street,
near Twenty-first. Interment private.
MACONDRAY— In this city. April 12. 1904,
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
, (Successors to Flannacan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mer.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth Et.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Etnbalmen ,-
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple, ¦ .
NOW it 868 MISSION. Tel. South » 167.
Between Fourth ; and Fifth, near Fifth st. • '
Finest Equipments at- Moderate Rates.
Mrs. Frances Hildreth. beloved wife of. Henry.
Albert Macondray. and daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. George W. Hildreth. aged 24 years.
tyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
McDONALD— In this city. April 10. 1904.
Thomas Francis, beloved father of Mary
• E, McDonald. and beloved son of.
Julia and the late Thomas McDonald, and
cousin of Mrs. J. J. Casserly, Mrs. J.
Cauley. Mrs. J. McKean and Nora and Wil-
liam Murphy, a native of San Francisco,
aged 29 years and 10 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Michael's Church. Ocean View,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McNAMEE— In this city. April 10. 1004. Wil-
liam, beloved son of Sarah and the late Pat-
rick McNamee, stepson of Dennis McAulIffe.
and brother of Mrs. G. Murry. Mrs. J. Gib-.
> / bons and Thomas and Sadie McNamee, and
the late Edwin and John McXamee and
Miss May Suttln, a native of San Francisco,
aged 23 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 51S Moultrie street. Interment
private.
MEEHAN— In this city. April 10. 1904. Rose,
beloved wife of George Meehan, and ' mother
of Andrew. James., Patrick and George
Meehan Mrs C. Ganzert. Mrs. J. Dwyer,
Mm. Clark and the late Michael Meehan
and Mrs. H. Ganzert. a native of County
Donegal, Ireland, aged 62 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1533 Fifteenth street, corner Capp.
thence to St. Charles Borromeo's Church,
••where a requiem high mass, will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MEHEGAN— In this city, April 11, 1904, Jere-
miah, beloved husband of Hanorah Mehegan,
and father of P. J.. D. F.. G. A.. R. E. and
the late J. J. Mehegan. and Mrs. J. J. Doran,
Mrs. J. A. Donnelly and Mrs. J. Leroux, a
native of Ireland, aged 72 years.
£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), April 13. 1904. at 9 o'clock, at
. his late residence, 1231 Pierce street, thence
to Holy Cross Church, where ' a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEYER— In this city, Matilda, beloved wife
of Ernest F. Meyer, beloved mother of Mar-
sarrt Meyer, daughter of Martha and Christ
Flachmeyer. and sister of Mrs. J. t\ Mad-
den and William, Mattle, ChrisfTna and
Henry Flachmeyer. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 55 years and 11 months.
MOSEBACH— In this city. April 12, 1904, Fer-
dinand C. beloved husband of Sara F. Mose-
bach. and only son of Lydla A. Idottbach
and the late Ferdinand C. Moacbacfc. a na-
tive of Houston. Texas, aged 4' years 5
months and VI days.
MURRAY— In Portland. Or.. April 10, 1904, An-
nie, beloved wife of F. J. Murray, and mother
of Mrs. T. J. Mountain of . Portland, Or.,
Mrs. T. Hclbrook and Eugene Murray, a na-
tive of Ireland.
%y Remains at the parlors of the Henry
J. Gallagher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
street.
O'HALLORAN— In Cochlse. Ariz.. April 9,
1904, Frank O'Halloran, beloved husband of
Bridget O'Halloran, beloved father of May,
Gertrude and Annie O'Halloran. and beloved
- brother of John and Michael O'Halloran. a
native of Clifton. County Galway. Ireland,
aged 45 years. A member of Washington
Council No. 4. Y. M. I.
ETFriends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
street.- thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PILSTER— April 12, 1904, Henrietta Augusta
Marie, dearly beloved daughter of Henry and
the late Marie Pilster, and sister of Theo-
dor -Pllster. a native of San Francisco, aged
26 years 11 months and 19^ days.
ItyNotic* of funeral hereafter.
POLLARD— In this city, April 11. 1904. Samuel
Adams Pollard, beloved father of Mrs. E. de
la Cuesta. Mrs. G. S. de la Cuesta. Mrs. J.
Kallmeyer. George Pollard and the late Sam-
uel A. Pollard Jr., a native of Richmond,
Va.. aged "H years 3 months and 1 day.
CyFriendi; and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited' to attrnd the funeral to-day
iWednesday), at 10 o'clock, from Pioneer
Hall, where services -will be held under- the
auspices of the Society of . California Pio-
neers. Interment Oak Hill Cemetery, San
Jose. Cal. Remains at the funeral parlors
of the H. F. Maass Company, 917 Mission
street.
RATHJEN— In Oakland. Cal.. April 11. 1904.
Catharine Rathjen. beloved mother of Thomas
J. and Bernard A. Rathjen. and sister of
Thomas, Michael and Darby J. Moran and
Mrs. A. AbrotU and the late .Mrs. Clancy,
a native of County SHgo, Ireland, aged 70
years.
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late
residence; t«01 Jefferson street, thence to the
Church of Immaculate Conception, where a
solemn high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
RILEY— In this city, April 11. 1904, Mrs. Ann
Riley. beloved wife of the late Michael Riley.
and mother of John, Ann and the late James
Riley and Mrs. T. It. Duffy of Benicia, a
native of County Cavan. Ireland.
K7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday). April 13, from St. Dominic's
Church. Benicia. where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose ox her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment at Benicia.
SCHAFFNER— In this city. April 11, 1904,
Mrs. Dora Schaffner, widow of the late Fred-
erick Scbaffner, a native of Oldenburg, Ger-
many, aged U5 years 6 months and 21 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday). April 13, at 1:30 o'clock, from
her late residence, 112 Scott street, between
Halght and Waller. Cremation I. O. -O. F.
Cemetery. Please oratt flowers:-
STEPHENS— in this city. April 10. 1904. Mary
beloved daughter of the late John M. and
Mary Stephens, Shd sister of Richard J. and
Louise G. Stephens, a native of Gold Hill,
Nev. (Virginia City. Nev., and Park City,
Utah, papers please copy.)
CCTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, April 13, 1904, at'l o'clock,
at the residence of her mother, 1C31 Clay
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
STORCH — At Leona Heights, April 11, 1904,
Augusta Storch, beloved wife of J. B.
Storch. mother of Louis, Robert, Sidney and
Hugo Storch, and grandmother of Marie
Diaa Mora and Juanlta, Alvin and Leland
Storch, a native of Austria, aged U3 years.
SWEENEY— In this city, April 12, 1904, Rich-
ard J.. son of James and Ann Sweeney, and
• brother of W. P.. J. W., J. G.. A. E. and
the late F. R. Sweeney and Mrs. L. Buck-
ley, a native of Massachusetts, aged 40 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at H:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 3S24 Twenty-second street, thence
to St. James Church, where a mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his «oul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
WILKINS— In this city. April 12, 1904, Lena
F.. beloved wife of Willis G. Wilkins, and
Ulster of Mrs. J. W. Eby, Walter "de Sanno,
W. F. de Sanno of Vallejo, E. J. de Sanno
and Mrs. J. C. /Buck of Harrisburg, Pa., a
native of Pennsylvania, aged 44 years 11
months and 28 days.
C^Remains at .the funeral parlors of
Bunker & Lunt, 26CC Mission street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third streets.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
CARD OF THANKS.
I desire to express my heartfelt thanks to
tho frunds who gave so many evidences of
their sympathy at the demise of my beloved
mother. CHRISTOPHER D. BRUJJN.Ranch '. Eggs ! rule' steady., and." though " re
ceipts were suddenly .larger yesterday,? most of
them : were ; for storage and: stocks consequently
showed ' little ;¦ ' increaee.V? Th» - demand ¦¦¦: was
Blow," but ¦' receivers * held . price* •} up .; without
difficulty, i Store • Eggs ruled ¦ weak ¦ for; reasons
already • given. : " i;3s»4& s rS®««K*»*€?^^«^iiMpi»
r Butter continues • weak apd ; the . weaftness • is
Intensified by. the soft and mushy condition of
the receipts. ~ Price* ! are not .' actually * lower,
but most ¦ dealers rdre willins '-toe shade them
Butter; Cheese and Eggs.
NEW YORK. April 12.— Tin closed at an ad
vance of 2s 6d to £127 for both spot and
futures In the London market. Locally . the
market was quiet and unchanged,, closing at
$27 87*4628 12^4... -¦- .-,... .-•--.
Corper was unchanged in London, closing
at £58 10s for spot and : £58 2s 6d for fu
tures. The local : market was firm. Lake
fl3 25IJJ13 50: electrolytic. $13 25; caEtlng.
$12 CT^filS 12H.'-
Lead declined 2s 6d to £12 7s Cd in London,
New York Metal Market.
ipCAL 3IABKETS;
SEATTLE. 1 April 12.— Clearings, . $654,475;
balances, $67, 10«. :,'¦;'.. -
TACOMA. .' April 12.— Clearings. $352,221;
balances. $39.092 . „'
; PORTLAND. April 12.— Clearings, '. $603,275;
balances, $53,750. • • .
SPOKANE.- April 12.— Clearings, $368,167;
balances; $46,619.
PORTLAND. Afrril 12.— WHEAT-^-Wail*
Walla, 75c-. bluestem,' 83c; valley, 73c -(export
value). ,• -
Th« French bark Armen - cleared - to-day for
Queenstown or Falmouth with 22.399 bushels
of wheat Cleared • previously— Bark Labrure,
for Queenstown orf Falmottth, with 110,833
bushels and - steamship • Lothian, for Oriental
ports with 31,543 bushels. : ; ¦ ¦• .:-, ,--..'
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. April .12.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem* 83c: club, 79c.
Northern Business. ,
Northern WJieat Market
. — !-
OREGON:
' Game arrived in better condition ' owing to
the cooler - weather .. and was quotable : again,
but prices. were low.* as 9 large portion of the
receipts still- showed eome effect of the recent
hot wave. A considerable quantity had to . be
thn-wn away. ... ¦
POULTRY— Live -Turkeys. ¦ 16@lSc . per lb:
Geese, per pair. .$2@2 50; Goslings. ".' $2ff 2 50;
Ducks. $5 5006 SO per dozen for old and $U 50f£
7 50 for,' young ; f Hens.^ $7@8 for large ¦ and
$3 50@6 '' for -, small ; young' Roosters '¦ $7 50©
8 50; old Roosters.;, $5@i>; Fryers. "$6@6 50;
Brcllers. $4C4 50 for large .and' $2 5003 . for
small : Pigeons $125^1 50. per dozen for old
and $2 25®2 60 for . Squabs.-, / - ¦=-¦? -.-,-;
GAME — Gray 1' Geeee, -• $2 r>er dozen: 1 AVhite
Geese. 50<g"5c; Brant, $16 V 50; Hpnkers. $2«1:
Entlish Snipe. |2 50g3;- common Snipe, $1 25@
1 50; Rabbits, $1®1 a0;*Harc, 50@75c. .
.The Poultry market had a firm tone.' receipts
being light. and the demand brisk. No more
Western came in. .but part. of. the car that ar
rived on Monday was, still on hand.- Holders
of Western stock were asking $7 50@8 50 for
Hens and as high as $9 per. dozen for - large
young Roosters. ¦ The high • prices of ~ Western
caused a better demand for domestic stork and
the moderate .receipts • cleaned up quickly at
steady rates. . " k -: ¦--- ¦¦ •. r. ¦¦ --:-.- ¦ >'¦
Poultry and Game.
TUESDAY." April 12—2 p. m.
UNITED ¦ STATES ¦ BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s ar coup.. 107 HN* 1 -* I*" qr cp new.133 133',i
4s qr Veg...l07%108V4!3s qr coop. ..106%107Vi
MISCELLANEOUS eTOCKS^
Ala A W 6«. — — lO T Co &I.119U —
Bay CPC Ss.lCOtJ — Do 5. 110^ —
Cal CO 5s. — 104U Do con 5»..101fc —
ral <", & E k • Oceanic S C«. — 73
m & ct 5s. 78 _— Om Cable 6s. — 124 V5
Cal-st.C Bs.ll6%lTItt Pac G Im 4s. — 0SH
C C Wat -8*. — 160% P E Ry 5..104%10G
Ed LA P «s — 130 P & C H.6».1O4% —
F^& C II 6».114% — P A O R 6e.U« —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Powell-st 69. — —
H C&S 5HS.100' — ISac EGARSs. .— 100
bo 5s .... JW'4 88%!SK- A 8JV5s.ll«iA —
Hon R T B8.106V4 — S t erra R 6s. 112 —
L A Elee 5s. — 105 S.P.of AH .¦ - -
L«A Ky 5».110%112 <1909> ....JOT —
LALC088— — <19U» **Kli —
Do Ktd 6b. — — SP Of C fis
Do gtd 68.102 V4— Ofl05)Sr A.t01% —
LAP lcm Ss.100 — I .{19C5JSr B.1O2V4 —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 119V»1 (19CK> .....104H105
Do lcm 56.11394114% <1»12> ••••— *"%
MVA MtT5s.lO4 — JSPC 1 Ot 5a.ll5 119 .-.
NRR of C6s.lO7«4 — Do rtmpd..lM«~
Do 5»\..C.116%117 SPBiR 6«.131 132%
N P C R 5S.105 — S V Wat Cm. — 105
N'C Ry 5s. lOff — ' Do 4s 2dm. 100 100U
V C PC 5s. 99 102 ' Do 4s 3dm. »9% — «
N S R R 5s. — 100, Stkn O*B88. — 8«
O G L&H 88.106 — U G & E 5«. — 1<»
O W gtd 5a. — — -
WATER STOCKS..
Contra Cost* S5 40 ' iPort Coeu;.. — —
Marln C0...V— : t'2iJ|S VTVat Co. 39U 30Vi
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L A P. 3 *U|S FG A E. 60% toK
Mutual E.L.. .BK.1O IStta Q ft E. 5 -..
Pac L, Co..: — • 57, \V G A E Co. , 33:
STOCK ASD BOXD EXCHANGE.
NEW YORK. A?ril 12.— FLOUR— Recejnts
16.000 barrels: cxportF. 12,600. Very dull and
unchanged.
WHEAT— Receipt*. 42.000: spot easy; \' o n
r»-d, $1 C5 nominal elevator. $1 OH@1 09 t *> ' b"
afloat: No. 1 Northern Dututh, $100% t.' o." b*
afloat. Options had a flrm opening ¦ on the
crop report and steadier cables, but Imme
diately turned weaker under extensive room
nelllng. poor outside support, bis Increase In
world's stocks and favorable weather In the
Southwest. The close showed %ei'4c net de
cline. May closed 95%c; July closed 90*ic'
September closed 83%c. . -.-.-•'
HOPS— Quiet: State, common to choice, 1903
crop. S-'iftSCc; 1J»O2 crop, 23928c.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
COFFEE: — The market for coffee futures
closed eteady. 15*T20 points higher. — Sales
KTT.SOO bars, including: May. 5.90@8 10c"
July, 0.25S*i-40c; December. 6.75@<S.S0c. Spot
Rio, firm; No. 7 invoice. 7%c; mild, steady;
Cordova. 10<?13c.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet; fair refining. 3%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test. 3%c; molasses sugar, '2 T 4c.
Refined, quiet. « ,
"T>RIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market »how»
t.o Improvement in point of demand. Common
4g5>4c; prime, -5H@5ftc; choice, 6 UeoM-c •
farcy. 76 7 !4c i _ :• "
PRUNES— Are in poor demand and - show
further weakness, with prices ranging irora
3c to'5«ic, according to grade.
APRICOTS — Are unchanged, but- demand Is
very light. Choice are quoted at 9!6©l0c- ex
tra choice. 10>4@10«4c, and iancy. ll@iac.
PEACHES — Quiet; choice. 7V4€7Jsc; extra
choice, 7%@Sc; fancy.-9J4©10c.. • •
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. April 12.— The cotton market
closed unchanged to 15 points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
BOSTON, April 12.— The proximity of the
new clip has led to the usual Inactivity In
the wool market at this season of the year.
There Is a quiet business In pulled and
territory wools.
Quotations — Territory — Idaho fine, 14%©15c;
heavy fine, l^lS^c; fine medium, 15©15Jic;
medium, 15$15V&c; low medium. 17©18c.
Wyoming' One.- 14&@15c: heavy fine, 13tf>
1314c; fine medium. 15@15%c; medium, 180
19c: low medium. 18@19c. -
Utah and Nevada fine, 14 %@1 5c; heavy fine,
13»?13^ic; fine - medium, 13%©16c; medium,
18«19c; low medium, 19ff2Oc. .
-Montana, fine choice, 18® 19c; fine average,
17^18c: fine medium choice, 18@19c: average,
l«©17c; staple, 10®20c; medium choice, 13
@10c. . ' . . :
Boston Wool Market.
Yesterday was another tame and uninter
esting day on the exchanges, with no fluctua
tions worthy of comment, beyond an advance
in Gas and Electric to $61. ~ _:• „' '''!?_.
Ex-coupon, yesterday: Sierra Railway of
California 6s, 1937, semi-annual, amounting to
?1 Ex^divldend: Alaska Packers' Association.,
regular monthly. $1 per share, amounting to
$4S,0CO. ¦¦-..* ¦• - "
Light Demand for Stocks on All
.ihe Exchanges.
.-: Salvador — 14®145ic for fancy washed;. 12 &0
13Vjc - for ' strictly prime ' washed ; 10©12c for
CfHjTi to prime washed; O^i'J^c for fair, washed;
10 lie 13c. for. fair to ¦. prime ; washed peaberry;
9V^©10c.; for -good to' prime semi-washed; OH
O'.^c * for superior unwashed: ». .8»4e For : . good
cretn unwashed; a>ifi'l';e for good to superior
unwashed peaberry; ,~G$c. for .inferior to or
dinary.' .. .
Nicaragua — Nominal: 12%@l3?4c for prime to
fancy washed :-9%«tllc. for /air to strictly good
wathed: 8\ifrS9»c for good to superior unwash
ed; 3»£<jlOVfec for good to prime unwashed peai
berry -t - - - - "' ' ' ¦- -- . -.-•< v
¦ Guatemala and Mexican — 14® 15c for * fancy
washed: 12\ifil3%c lor prime to strictly prime
wanted: * ll>A«n=Ji? for .; 5trlctly .good washed;
10'iQllc forgood washed; SiifelOiicXor lair
'BAGS — Grain Bags. 5&c epot and 5*4c June- ;
July; San Quentln, $5 40; Wool Bags, .$2@3oc; i
Fleece Twine, "iftSe.
CANNED FRUITS — The California Fruit j
Canners' Association quotes the following price j
list:.. - , ¦ • ¦ -' ¦ ¦ .
; p. f .* .
' Arplec $1 55 $1 301$l 20|$l 10
i Apricots 1 40J 1 SO ....
Blackberries 1 tSO 1 40| 1 30 1 20
Cherries R. A 2 15 1 90 1 70 1 40
Cherries, white.... 175 1 eo 135
Cherries, black 200 175 16OJ1S5
Grape* .. 1 351 1 20 1 10 1 00
Yellow Free Peaches | 1 50 l'30 ....
Lemon Cling Peaches... 2 00 1 40 1 SO
Pears ........'. 2 CO 175 ...i ....
Plums sr.. . 1 35 1 15 1 05 931
Raspberries 2 50 2 25 2 10 190
Strawberries 2 00 1 73 1 60 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2H-lb
standard, 85c; Green Peas— Petlts pots, $1 35
61 50; standards. 83c: standard, sifted. $1;
extra sifted, $1 15; marrowfats. S2^c. -
COAL— Wellington. *S per ton; New Wel
llnston. $S; Seattle, $8 50: Eryant, $11 50; Bea
ver, Hill. $«: Stanford. $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay, $3 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Richmond,
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and $14 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,' $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13: Welsh. Lump,
$11 BO; Cannel, $» 50 per ton; Coke. $11 NKS13
per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $11 45 per 20CO lbs and $12 80
per long ton. according to brand.'aMpsftff—aia
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb, 4%c;
cnin'f, rerular.i 5% creases,- extra. large. 6^ic:
Eastern • atyle, «^«c: boneless, 6V4c: "Norway,"
eVJc; • "Narrow Gauge." 694e: "Silver King,"
7^%c: blocks, "Oriental," 6»»c; b'.ocks. . "Sea
brisbt," ti^c; tablets, 7c; - middles, 7©9%c;
fancy boneless, 8V4#8%c: pickled Cod,. bbls, $S;
pickled Cod, .half bbls, $4 75; Pirate Co\'e Cod
Liver Oil. per doxen pints, $6; per gallon, $3 25,
less 10 per cent. , ¦
¦ . CORDAGE — The ! local company > quotes as j
follow*. 60 days or : % per cent discount for I
cash.- no sales under 10.000 lbs: Manila, 14 Vic;
Sisal, ,1094c: Duplex, 9»4c; Bale Rope. 11 %y
ll%c per lb. .'
» ; COFFEE— Costa Rica— 14©15tic for strictly
(•rime to fancv washed;- 121*613 'ic for 'prime
washed; Iiv.«l2',ic 'or good washed: limjl.'Ic
for good to prime washed peaberry; leg lie for
good to-prime peaberry;? Il^fl2>4c for.good to
prime;. 9@10%c for fair; 7%€S%c for common
to ordinary- • *'- ; •'¦* J^ - - 1 - ¦<-¦-*.
STOCK MARKET.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Ma>'- July.
Opening tHiH 66%
Closing • 6 OH 6 6Vi
, PARIS.
Wheat — . April. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 2220 20 63
Closing 22 So 20 70
Flour —
Opening 2S 95 29 05
CloMng ••••• 28 95 28 10
Foreign Futures.
General Merchandise.
1 Miscellaneous Markets, i
Cons for money.. SSUiN Y Central 121 VS
Do for acct 88% Nor & Western.. Cl
Anaconda 4H Do pfd 91)14
Atchlson 77 Ont & Western.. 22»i,
Do pfd 97 Pennsylvania .... 61 U
Ral & Ohio S3% Rand Mines io>i
Can Pacific 12Ca,( Reading 2.'{>4
Ches & Ohio SlVi! Do li«t pfd 40«i
Chi Great West.. 17V a Do 2d pfd 31 "
Chi. Mil & St P.149V«!So Railway 2."5«;
De Beers •. . 19%j Do pfd 87%
Den & Rio G 23 |So Pacific 51%
Do pfd 74'ilUnion Pacific .... 91»i
Erie 28 j DopH 03>i
Do 1st Pfd «57=4!U S Steel 1214
Do 2d pfd 44 j Do pfd m%7\
III Central 134 \ Wabath 1914 V
Ij-mls & Nash... 113 Do pfd 39 1| I
M. K & Texas... lSJil
Bar Fllver— Steady; 24 %d per ounce.
Money— 2?2'i i^r cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 2% per cent.
London Closing Stocks.
. VEGETABLES — Asparagus, 5#7c per lb for
extra, 4(g4iic for No. 1 and 3@3%c for Ko -2
Rhubarb. 50c©$l per box: Green Peas, 2^4 ©.IVic
per lb: String Beans. 10® 12% c per. lb: "Toma
toes, 75c®$l 25 per box or crate for Los An
geles and $160©175 for -Mexican; .Summer
Squash from Los Angeles, $1©1 50 per . box;
Cabbage, >1 25 per ctl; Carrots. 50c per. sack:
Hothouse Cucumbers, 73c<5$l 50 • per dozen;
Garlic, 15c- per. lb; Egg Plant. 15<S25c per lb:
Dried Peppers.. 5€f8c:per lb for Stockton- and
10@12%c for southern; Dried Okra. . 12 ii«j 15c
per lb; Gieen Peppers . (Mexican), --15925c per
lb: Marrowfat Squash, jobbing at lViW-c per
pound.
POTATOES^ — Burbanks from the river, $1 23
C$1 50 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks. $1 50i_fl 75
per ctl; River Reds. $1©1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Burbanks for seed. $1 10({jl 25 per ctl;
Garnet' Chiles. $1 25@1 50 per ctl : Early Roso,
$140(8175 per Ctl; new^ Potatoes, 2'^Cr3c per
pound. •" '. . . ;,.. .
ONIONS— Yellow, $2 50@2 85 per ctl for Ore
gon mid $:$ft3 25 for Australian; Green Onions,
.•t.'feJUe per box. -. "*• -i^S^BW^
Receipts of Potatoes were moderate and the
market ruled firm, with buyers operating freely
In anticipation of still higher prices. What
few Oregon Burbanks were left in first hands
were r»\»-iily marketed and choice brought an
advance. Receipts of new Potatoes were 135
sacks »nd choice offerings were readily dis
posed of at previous "trices. Poor lots of Aus
tralian Onions were cleaned out of first hands
and the quotations had a narrower range.
Orrgonti were dull owing, to the abundance and
comparatively low prices of the Australian.
Arparagus continued weak. .. receipts, being
heavy and the carry-over from the preceding
day large. The canners took advantage of the
situation and purchased large lines, paying :",fi
3»,4e for No. 2 and 4c for No. l.v Poor and
eun-cooked lots were still offering below "the
nuotation, but such stock formed only a small
percentage of the recelots. Green Peas were
eaFier under, increased receipts and there was
quite U s'lrnlus unsold' at the close. Arrivals
of .southern vegetables were light and prices
had but slight variation. ¦ • . .. -. "-— : "
The receipts Included 1989 boxes of.Aspara
fruR, 515 boxes of Rhubarb and 49S sacks of
Peas. '¦" ' ' - - ¦¦ , ¦:-•¦'¦
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
CHICAGO. April 12.— CATTLE— Receipts,
3500: market steady. Good to prime steers,
$3 23<§5 65; poor to medium, $3 75<{?4 90; stock
ers and feeder*, $2 75@4 25; cows. $2ff4 30:
heirer* ?2 25<g4 5O; canners. $2@2 60; bulls.
|24j4; calves, $2 50S6 25; Texas fed Bteers,
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 10.000; to-morrow,
25 COO; market steady to strong. Mixed and
butcher* 1 , *5®5 38; good to choice heavy. $5 20
«?5 35; rough heavy. $4 05«5 20; light, $4 75©
5 15: bulk of sale*. $3 0563.20.
SHEEP Recelpts.,,15,000; sheep and lambs,
steadv Good to choice wether*. $4 754?5 S5;
fair "to choice mixed, $3 50®4 60; Western
sheep, $3 95®5 65: native lambs, $4 25®5 65;
Western lambs, $6^0 45.
CHICAGO
Livestock Market.
St. Louis Wool Market
ST. LOUIS, April 12. — Wool, steady. Med
ium grades, clothing and combing. 185J22c:
light fine. 14017^c; heavy fine, 12@14VJc; tub.i
washed, 20^)lc.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, lea* 5O
per c»nt shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE^ — Steers. M£9c; Cows and Heifers,
768c: thin Cows; 46 3c per lb.
CALVES — 4@4%e per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4%@5%c; Ewes, 4%@4Uc
per lb (gross weight). % . " V - /
LAMB— Spring. 15616c per lb. K 'l;Ll
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs, Wd.Cc:
over 200 lbs. 5%^5%c; soft Hogs. 4%65U«":
Sows. 2© per cent off: Boars. 50 per cent off.
and SUks. 40 per. cent off from abov« quota
tions. IX :'¦ ' '•
Retail Meat Prices.
The following retail prices for meats ar«
quoted by the Retail Butchers' Protective As
sociation :
BEEF— Prime Roast. lSfilSc: Porterhouse
Steak lS@22Vic; 'Tenderloin Steak. 15-SlSc;
Sirloin Steak. 12Uei5c; Top Round Steak.
12^c; Beef Stew. 10c; Corned Beef. 8<?10c;
Soup Bones, 4c; Soup Meats, 5«10c.
VEAL— Loin Roast. 13®2Oc; Shoulder P.oast.
12>4@13c; Chops and Cutlets. 15©20c; Stew.
"MUTTON— Leg. 15c: Forequarter. 12}4e;
Stew, S@10c; Prime Chops. 15©20c.
LAMB— Leg, 20c; Forequarter. 12#@lo<!;
Hlndquarter. lSigCOc: Shoulder Roast. 12^c;
"toRK- Roast. 12%61Sc: Chops. 15@18c
The?e prices do not cover the cheap-r grade?,
as It is impossible to quote regular prices 00
Receipts of Produce, t : ;
, " ;-.
FOR TUESDAY. APRIL 12. -
Floor qr sks .. 5.7691 Wool, bales ... lo\
W?eat ctls .... 5»1| Hides, No. .... 1.615
Barley' ctla ... il.»*>! P*««. No fflil
C^rn ctl" • ol5:Tallow. ctls ... 22S
p«m «ta ... 2t«!Leather. rolls .. t\
PofaToes sks .. 4.90S|Wlne. gal. .... 0^g
Onions eks - - . •-"*> Lime, bbls • 1 J>-
Bran sks ..... '•»0l Brandy, gals .. 35n
Middlings, sks.. 481|Paper. reanw .. .-87
Hay. tons .... 3Wi Sugar, ctla .... 4.UO
Straw, tons .... 19! Quicksilver, flks. ti
OREGON.
Flour qr sks .. 1.2131
WASHINGTON. :
Wheat, ctls ..:. 18.CO0I
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls .... 1.200!
There is nothing materially new under this
head. WHH dryer weather wool-shearing oper
ations are being resumed and the Wool market
will probably be more active from now on In
consequence. ¦ Prices Remain as previously
quoted.
Hops continue quiet both here and In the
East and the situation stands abput as ' for
some weeks past.
Hides are steady, with good dry stock in fair
demand.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls* and brands sell
about u>G\c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, »}£c; medium,. 8%c; light, 7%c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and 7%c for light; Stags,
tic; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hides, 15<giec; dry Kip. 13c: dry
Calf. ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25*8300 each;
short Wool. 4(>'ri«5c each; medium. 7Oti»0c: long
Wool, Slgl 50; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $2&2 50 for medium, $1 25@1 75 for
small and 50c . for Colts. Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. 51511 25
for .small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. Sic; dry Salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Centra 1 . American, 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras, 75c: larse and smooth, 50c; medium,
85c: small, 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4ii@4>ic per lb;
No. 2. 3>4<g4c; Krease. 2V4©3c.
WOOL — Gprlng clip — San Joaquin and South
ern. 12 months'. 96 lie; do 7 months', 8@10c
per lb.
HOPS— 24627c per lb for California, 1903.
and 17*;Cf2tic for crop of 19O4.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool qnd Hop*.
CHICAGO. April 12.— On the Produce Ex
chance to-dav the butter market was easy;
creameries, 1 44j2.'5 i^c; dairies, 12>i@21c Eggs
steady at mark, cases Included. 10>i@10^c.
Cheese' easy, at 0@10«4c
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Money— |U S Steel 11 'i
Call loans 2>iG-'.^\ Do pfd till%
Time loans •M< J 4j4Vil Westing Common. 79
Bonds — I Mining—
Atchljion 4s 9I«Vi I Adventure 2'4
Do adj 4f I»0 j Allouez 4'/s
Mex Cent 4s <3 JAmal Copper 50'fc
Railroads— I Amer Zinc 10%
Atchison 73% t Atlantic ...; S«i
Do pfd WiV.-|Binghani 22*i
Boston & Albany. 250 iCalumet & Hecla.470
Iioeton & Maine.l6U | Centennial 20'^
lioston Elev 140 I Copper Range ... 43**
Mex Central ..:. 7%1Daly West 23'i
N Y. N H & H..lS9%!Dom Coal «4
Pere Marquette.. 74 (Franklin S«i
Union Pacific.... SCHlGrancy 3m.
Miscellaneous^ — (Isle Royale 7%
Amer Arge CJiem. 12»i 1 liass Mining .... 4
Do pfd ..71 1 Michigan 6
Amer Pneu Tube. <H Mohawk 42%
Amer Sugar 127'* Mont Coal & Coke 2
Do pfd 125% j old Dominion ... 19
Amer Tel & Tel.l2«mOsceola CS
Amer Woolen ... 10% 1 Paxrot 23
Do pfd 75*4|Qulncy *5
Dom Iron £ S.. 10 (Shannon H%
Ed Elect Ilium.. 137 U 1 Tamarack 9S (
Gen Electric IC4 Trinity 4U
Mass Electric ... 20U!U S Mining 20%
Do pfd 75 |U S Oil 9%
Mass Gas ,. 40Vi!Utah 83%
United Fruit ..t.100 (Victoria 3H
Un Shoe Mach... 47U|Winona 0%
Do pfd.." 2SV» I Wolverine 72
Boston Stocks and Bonds, y
NEW YORK. April 12. — Close — Money on
call was easy at 1S<?1% jwr cent; closing bid,
I 1 , r>er ctr.t: offered, 1% per cent.
Time loans were easy. Sixty days, 2H per
cer.t; ninety days-, 2\ per cent; six month*.
3?« per cent.
Prime mercantile paper — 4g4 1 -i per cent.
Sterling txctian^i — Was steady, with actual
business in bankers* bill* at f4.(5730©4.S733 for
demand and at $4.MS54M.8Jl«> Tor Fixty-day
tiillf.
Peated rafs— 51 SJ'i64 KS.
Comm.»rical bills— f 4 M%.
I^r filvtr— 53S,c.
Mexican dollars — 13c.
IV-ndf — Gi>v*-ruincnts. steady; railroaJ*. Ir
regular.
AV:c York Money Market.
Cash Grain and Proznsions.
CHICAGO, April 12. — Cash quotations were
a«. follow*: Flour, dull and steady: No. 2
spring wheat. 90<B«7c; No. '.I. 854295c; No. 2
red. USMQ'MKc; No. 2 corn, 52^©52-%c; No.
3 yellow. 52(g."2VjC: No. 2 oat*. 37®37Hc: No.
:t white ."I7fl41 Vjc; No. 2 rye, C8c; good feeding
barley. ''MKiXlV-c; fair to choice malting, 440
55c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 0*.); No. 1 North western.
$1 16: prime timothy peed. $2 90; mess pork,
per bbl *12 12'i@12 23; lard, per 100 lbs.
SO 43igo'47^i- short ribs sides (loose), $8 12V».f?
H 37 »i: short clear sides (boxed). $6 7S&7:
whisky, basts of high wines. $1 2S; clover, con
tract srade. (11.
Articles — ¦ Receipt*. Shipments.
Flour bbls .V 30.400 .T7.H00
Wheat bu 31,000 44.KU0
Corn, bu 2O-J.4OO SS.000
Oats bu 178.400 245.70O
Rye bu 4,000 ti.000
Barley bu 49,100 . 27.800
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. O^c: three
half barrels, 9c; one tierce, STic; two tierces,
fc-Hc; five tierces, S%c per lb.
The market continues" dull and weak here
and also weak at Western packing points. The
Mtuatlcn at Chicago was thus stated yester
day: /'The market clostd heavy and without
support. Packers are against the market,
stocks are accumulating and the outsider is
carrying the load."
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10%c per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium. 13c for light,
ltV&c for extra liirht and 15@lCc for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, li!%c; Cali
fornia Hams. - ll%@12>ic; Mess Beef. $1O 50@
11 Der bbl: extra Mess. ?11 50©12; Family,
$12 50Q13; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra? clear,
$24: Met?. $1S; Dry galled Pork. 10«Ac;.Plg
Pork. $27; Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked Beef. 14c
per lb. *
LARD— Tierces cuoted at 6%eper lb for
cempound and !*; for pure; half-barrels, pure,
»%c; 10-lb tins, 0%c; 5-lb tins. 9Tic; S-lb tins,
10c. *
Provisions.
Beans andi Seeds.
The firmness In Limas. Small Whites and
Blackeyes, due to the dry, warm weather down
south, continues, but prices are no higher.
More rain Is needed in that section. and grow
ers will not feel like selling any more Beans
until It comes. The other kinds of Beans are
quoted dull at prices which have ruled for
some weeks. There Is nothing new In Seeds
and Dried Peas. -
BEANS — Bayos. $2 35@2 50; Pea. $3©3 25!
Butters. $."! 50®3 75; small White. $.1@3 10;
large White, $2 65@2 75; Pink, $3 30©3 50:
Red. $4 50; Lima, ».'< l'O<03 i-JO; Red Kidneys,
$4 50@5; Blackeye. $2 15S2 25 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2@2 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $3 75@4; Yellow
Mustard $:$@3 25; Flax.. ?1 SOgl 90; Canary,
6>4e5-yic for Eastern; Alfalfa. 14%#16c; Rape.
•l'/t©2c; Timothy. «@C^c; Hemp.- 3^g4c per
lb; Millet. 3{?3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20@2l
per ton. '*
DRIED PEAS-^Blackeye. 53 per ctl; Nlles,
$3 25; Green. $3@3 25. ¦
Bran, Shorts and Middlings are higher and
very firm, with light offerlnss.
Receipts of Hay were more moderate yester
day and enabled receivers to sell oft some of
the stock carried over from last week. If the
arrivals) continue moderate dealers hope to
work ufl the accumulation in the railroad yards
in the course of a day or two more, when a
better market may result. Prices remain un
changed.
URAN— $20<ii21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $25<ff2S per ton.
SHORTS— $20(921 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24@25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $2U .Vr5."l;
Jobbing. $;!2; Cocoanut Cake $^2@23; Corn
Meal. $29 &6«?30 5<j; Cracked Corn, .$30©:n ;
Mixed Feed. $21022; Horse Beans, $30@
40 ptr ton; Bioom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl. ¦ -
HAY— Wheat, $15Q17; Wheat and Oat.
flfitm; Oat. $i:wm 50; Barley. ?12@15; Stock.
$12 6U©13 50; Alfalfa. $12@14 per ton.
STRAW — 50©75c per bale.
Hav and Feedstuffs:
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follow?:
BEEF— 7%©8c for Steers and 6%©7e per
lh for Cows.
VEAL— Large. SVa§9c: small, 8H«»14c per
pound,
MUTTON— Wetliers. 9gl0c; Ewes, 8%©9£c
per lb.
LAMB— 14© 13e rer lb.
PORK— Dressed Hosrs, 6t6«9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Beef is following Mutton down and I* quoted
easier, both In price and demand. There Is
no further decline in Mutton, but the market
continues weak under the arrivals of grass- fed
stock. Receipts of Lamb are very Irregular,
being very fair some days, while other days
pass with none being received. This makes
prices very unsettled. Veal. Is still In ampl«
supply and there are plenty of Hogs coming
In to satisfy the HgM demand.
Meat Market.
The millers report a quiet Jobbing and retail
demand for all lines at the quotations.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 80f?
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras.-. $4 70@.V,
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 s.>i t 25
per bbl. • - . . •• '
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages- are as
follows: Graham Flour. |3 60 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $1 50; Rye Meal, $3 25; Rice Flour.
$'< ; Corn Meal, f'i 50; extra cream do, $4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour JM 5o@4 75; Cracked Wheat. ?4:
Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. S-J 75;
RolU.d Oats, bbls. $7 2o<38 tiO; In sacks. $U 1Z<f$
8 10; Ptarl Barley, JO; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Xezc York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. April 12.— To-day's «ock
i market wa» F;ill lacking In the animation"
I »!.nh had characterized trading previous to
I thi<= week «nd the sagging tendency of prices
berame rather more uronounced than yester-
I daj-. There was not the .-sine effort to lilt ;
j pi ice* ty the t-ttmuiating effect of marking up
• et«clal stocks. -The market was not left Co
drltt as a dcrtlict. however, and a sort of
rurf-ing proems!" was adopted. It Is the prev
ail nt conviction in Wall street that the rectit
campaign for higher prices has enjoyed the
i'v: :•¦«¦- of some lnSuential capitalists who
believed that outride interest In speculation
could be cv/akent-d in that way. The course
j of to-<!ay> market was evidently Influenced
{ by the Government report on the condition of
j v. iiner wheat. The free offerings in the wheat
I miiiket served to modify the bad Impression
¦ of ihe rei>ort. but there was a belief that
j wheat moved under the influence of realizing
on speculation based on the conditions re
vealed by the report. The hope was expressed
also that the crcp had benefited since the
i fir?t of April. The" Weather Bureau's weekly
I fi'mnwrj' shook this hope to pome extent
! ov.ir.er to it* report of damage to winter wheat
! by heavy rains in parts of the belt as against
! the benefit In other i^arts where moisture was
need.-d. The imputations through newspaper
interviews as to the motives of the Northern
Securities suit by the principal parties gave
material for puzzled discussion. There was a
j disposition to eevk some indication of policy
I i the public attitude thus assumed which
i m.glit tfford Fome clew to the mystery of
1 thf- late absorption of Union Pacific. The re
port that the United States Steel Corporation
hail oGrlceifd an option for the purchase of
1 tons of Bessemer plrlron possibly
j helr-exJ to depress the preferred stock. The con
centrated absorption of the «?cond mortgage
bond* was the teature cf the early market, in
which seme J2.«K),000 or upward of these
bonds were taken by one firm. The impression
nas conveyed tbat much of this was on orders
for German account. London was a free seller
it« -'.he balantv of stocks in this market, not-
JKttfestUdtaS the generally buoyant tone or
j ihe Lordon market. The failure of the ad
' va'ioe in Unlcn Pacific cf a point to lift the
! murket wa? followed by a steady decline In
the. whole market. Unlcn Pacific slumried at
the !asi on the hasty reading of the. bulletin
on the Attorney General's attitude toward the
intervention suit at St. Paul. The closing vac
vi ,ik and lo«s«« of 1 to 1% were ffeneral.
• Bond* wtre trrrsizlar. with a large part of
tlu> deatinirs in United States Hteel second 6*.
Tttal rales. S4.71ft.O0O.
United f-tates borirfs were unchanged on call.
NT W YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — gales. High. Low. Close.
Atehison 40,»X» 7Jm 73% 73%
AtchliTin prd 800 04% 94 93>4
Rait & Ohio 7.300 £1% mm; b0%
Halt & Ohio pfd »0H
<'anadian Pariflp . 3.400 117% 116*4 U«S
Ontral of N J.. ...• 158
C^sa A Ohio »<*) 33 aj, 32*; 32Vi
Chicago & Alton.. 100 SS 38 37?«
<TiI & AUon pfd S0'4
Chicago & G \V... 4.700 17«» ldU, 10>4
& N W.. 200 172 172 171
Chi. Mil & St Pm-.l 17,'>Ht 14»i 14*% 144%
Chi. M & St P pfd 2OO 1W> 178 176
Chi Term & Trans . ...'. .... 9>4
Chi. T & T pTd.. 300 21 20'i 1!>^
C. C. C A :St L .... 75
Co\o Southern ... 100 17% 17% 17>4
Colo Fouth lut pfd 2fK> KiVi KJ'.i 55
Colo Houth 21 pfd 100 23 25 24%
Dela. & Hurtfon... l.SOO 153% 154 l.Vlfc
! nel. Lack & W 270
, I»enver & llio G. loo 22 22 21%
D«*n &. Rio <1 ord r/rt 72«4 72 71%
»CMe 12.400 27% 26% »$H
Krie 1ft r^d 1,700 65% «5U 65U
Krle 2d pM 200 42 41*4 41%i
Hocking Valley * 71
Hocking Val pfd. 2»«> KOTJ «ou «o<4
Illinois Central .. 600 130'^ I3nii 130V4
Iowa Central .... 1O0 I9U 18^4" 19
Jcwa Cent pfd .' 37
, K C Southern 18%
K C South pfd .. 100 3fiK s^i^ 37
I Louis & Nash .... l.ooo 100% 10»^4. 10S»i
Manhattan L .... :six> 143% 143 142«i
1 Metro Secur 100 «1 81- 8O
! Metro St Ry l.fiOO 117 115U 115U
'Minn & St Louis .'. 47
i M, St P & SS M 900 62K 60% fil
• M.StP & SS M pfd K. .... 117
J Ml*s Parlflc 5.000 94% 03% 03%
J Mi.-s. K&T 1714
i Mlsr. K & T r>fd 100 39% 39% 39*
j Na RR of Mex pfd 37*:
IN T Central 4O0 HSVi 117 116%
I Norfolk A-.Wwt.. 7.WI0 C0% 58% 58%
(Nor A W«st pfd. 1(10 00 ' 90 W
Ont & Wrt 1.200 22 21%. 21%
Pennsylvania 47.300 119% 118% 118%
P. CC4S1 L .... ci
'Reading 8.4O0 45% 44% 4«ii
1 Reading lrt pfd .... 78U
{Reading 2d pfd... ..'.: (to
{Rock Island Co .. 10,800 24% 23% 23«
Rock Island Co pfd 100 87 G5fc 65
FtL&SFMpfd 1.200 48% 4S 48
8t Louis. B W ... .... ¦ ....'• 14
Ft LoUlB S Wpfd 5O0 3«Vi 34% 34 «4
Southern Pacific .. 21.500 50% 49% 4»%
Southern Railway.. 3,100 22% 22% ; 22Vi
, Routh Rail r-M .. 400 K5>4 85% MU
Texan & Pacific .. 400 24 'i 1M^ 24 »{
( Toledo. St L &. W • 1,300 25% 25 25%
(12t»th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
HAN FRANCISCO. April 12—5 p. in.
Tb* fotlowlnjs are the eeanonal raliifalls to
(.„•.. om comj»ared with those of same rtate
last ' waeon and rafefall in last twenty-lour
hourt: ,
Last Tnis La«t
CtAtlonr — -4 hours, season, season.
TieT Biufi: :::::: ©«> a-jj
Sacramento <>•?*• JS.M M>..»*
.<an Francisco O.«0 »•«« 1>>-12
KreEao 0-00 r,.<u X.2S
Independence <*•«» .*•» *•« i
Kan Lulr. Oblepo Tr. !;{.«• '*•*?
Los An**l«j 7.73 10 .Z» !
San Diego.. ¦.¦ 1 .»... 000 *<® 10{j2
TIIK COAST RECORD.
1 gT i a: 2 - !?
« tsm »i=- £=r -;* -t
2 Z~ 2*2" % -»'* ~
s = si:<^ jo —
6TATION8. 5 a $3 3 3 if** '¦¦%/'
Baker »». 98 73 40 BE Clear .0<) !
« 'a iron 2»><J 7<» 42 W Cloudy .«Q !
Eureka WM2 f>4 r»4 NE Pt.Cldy .«0 i
Kreino 2:».w< tw «i4 SW Pt.Cldy .00:
BE. Farali.>n.29.ti« r.7 f.2 F Cloudy .»<0 '
Flajrstaff 29. 94 74 a» t?W Pt.Cldy .00 !
I»or»tello 30.O4 76 42 HE Clear .00;
Independence .29. N* *-2 Ui S Pt.Cldy .00]
l>Of Angel?*...:{0.<12 7»» f.0 W Pt.Cldy .00 {
Mt Tamalpaiii.29.5M* 7<S r>o « Fosgy .<K>j
North Head... 23. W «K «0 NW Clear .00
Phoenix 2ft. M M «» W Cloudy - .00 !
It Reye« Lt..2T».O5 70 f.l 8 Cloudy .00 1
Portland 23. 7« ss r.s K Clear -W I
Red Bluff 2».«H 82 «<» B Clear .O0 I
RoeebutK • 29. 70 »l B N Pt.Cldy .00!
tiacramejito ..V9.!»2 74 W> KW Pt.Cldy .00 J
Halt Lake 3<>.O9 T4 4« NW Clear .W J
Han Francisco.W).04 C2 f>4 KW in.Cldy .00 1
fcan L. Oblspo.3f).0« 64.62 S Pt.Cldy Tr
Kan Diego 23* .O8 «« 56 NW Pt.Cldy <»
Seattle ....... 28. K4 m 46 NW Clear .00
Spokane ' 29.!** 7« 44 NE Clear (tt
Tatoosh 2»>4 r.l .".¦> K Clear OO ¦
Walla Walla.. 2!».B2 »«0 R0 W Clear ,«0 j
Winnemucca .29.KS M « K Cloudy .<jo' ¦
Turn* 29.84 96 «2 SW Pt.Cldy .00 1-
Weather Report.
Th» weekly report of A. G. MeAdie. section
<!1r«"tor of the climate. an<1 crop ser\'ice of the
Weather Eureau. Is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
?our, warm weather prevailed throughout
the State during the week, with abnormally
hi*rh ti ir.peraturf at the cios«r. The maximum
at tan Francisco was M degrees, at Los An
j."I*f tr.d San Luis Obiypo S«j degrees, Fresno
;«t degr^s, R'd Bluff SS decrees, Han Di«-po
«!« dtgrers. Very llpht northerly winds pre
\ailt-d In most m-rUon*.
In Northern California the surplus moisture
in the *oi! ntt considprably absorbed by the
drying wtatJ-.er. and lartninjj operations were
:>-s-',:rr.<:a. In the south, when? tbe precipita
tion ha? Ix-^n hardly up to the avfrage. the
» .1k-w of the MKMBVt heat and firying "winds
•per* viuickiy notict-able in the crusting of the
w fu;l and the |**3oW aj'i"tarance of grain. Wheat.
vats and baricy arv m fair condition in nearly
r all jilares except the overflowed districts, but
H U dow fcstlcr.aied that the yield will fall
brl-w tarly «?xiwetations. mainly owing to the
coltl, wet T««TtMr during March. The outlook
i< good for a large crop of hay. Barley hay
t&i< tUe Cret crop of .-.:.-.!¦., are being har
vested in eome auctions. Grern ff-Pd is abun-
Oi!;t«aiitl cattle tire doinc well. Work in hop
ti> i«is is progrtssin* rapidly. Early green peas
and other vegetables ure Ix^ing ehii>r«<rd. The
broken levees In the sjac-ramento are being re
• paired as rapidly at ix»»ible.
With the exception ot a|»i ieois, almond» end
r>ach«^. which in some et-ctions were seriously
iii«r:iag«d by the unfavorable weather during
Mart'h, dtciduous fruits are rejiofted In ex
<.*. I., r.l condition. All • varieties have b!of
fom^d and generally rive indications of large
y.da*. Walr.uU in the Anaheim dutriot are
about tfcrr* week* lat«»r than usual. Oranges
»r« biot-sorulng In San Di»"go Cr.ur.ty.
(¦ACHAWEXTO VALLlij.'.— The warm, clear
wfithir 0i;rir* the week "as v«-ry lavorabie
!or crop* or ell kind*. Much of th« surplui"
moisture in ti.«? soil was absorbed and farmers
wer» riiable4 to reeurnt «crk in firJa.-. orthardf
and nuttrurO*. Orain ad\-anr.<l rapidly and i*
looking *«HI In nearly all rlacp* txcti^t the
«>vtrSo»Te«l dirtrii-ts. t>ome curresjjondent* esti
mate t»ial the wheat crop will fall btloiv laft
*«"ason's yield owing to the heavy raintall in
1 » bruary "and March. Work is propn-pslng rSp
lily In the hop fields near Wheatland. Green
reed it abundant and vtock are in good con<31
ti'tn. .">::;.. r.i4.» and apricots have been darrt
fce«3 b v the coid. wet weather, but other de
ddvans :ruiu are doing w.ll and give promise
m largt- yield*.
OJAST ANU BAY SECTIONS— The weather
during tJif week wss warm end clear, with
ibnortually high temperaturts at the close.
V Qrata of all kind* niacJe f-or>!t» growth and
v.a* resumed In orchards, vineyards and
r .. •.- <J:alr« and erass ure in excellent con
dsuori and "ircspectF are tood \f or large crops
of wheat, oat* and hav. Parturagt Is plcnUlul.
I^arly irardcu vegetable? are advancing and
fhii rr.ent* of ere. n i<fae have been made from
VacmvVJe Peaches and apri.?ots were quite
seriously Camagen by the co!d. wet weather
during ilarcfc In :«rtion* or lh» Sonoma and
OJjra valleys. All deciduous frust? are
in fall blo.im, una, xrith the above exception.
cSvt lr.ul. atlont- oi Urse crop' 1 .
«AN JUAVJU1N VALLliV. — Clear weatber
I iwaflwi during the xi'eek; pleasant in the fore
i,art and r«T» warm th« latter. All crop? have
nia-**- r<.p-d itrov.th. Wheat and barley are In
CKoettent v«ndit!on. Altalfa if> gix>winp verj
j«iM aud the firrt crop i» toeing harvested in
•cme ffHft*l». Deeiduous fruits are making
cooc 1 growth and jjrof;^cw are good for large
CTODi exotpt plmond* tnd apricots in tome
* t'ons, where it is re:>orted that the cror«E
wt-r*- injured to scrr.e extent by the stormy
wealber et th^ time they vvrrt In bloom. Grwa
Ie*? i« ptomnd and stock am In KiV>d condi
t.ori. Early i>rum«J vir.eF Iwve made excellent
trewth and late jirum-d vine* are beginning to
bU'J I'lowins and culllvatlnx orthard." and
viner&nis. i« ;jropr«-sFlng ra;ii(lly. Th<-re is a
pood BJH-ply of water Jnr Irris&tlon. which is
b- inc is-rely used.
y,r-;ni:UN .-AL1FOIINIA.— Th" weather
» af warm .iivi elcer during the »e<k and ab
r«.rmally I'iPh tonqj^ratares i'revailo.1 at tlpe
. li-*e The exc^s^ive heat v.-as acoimr-anietl in
nmcMi'JncttaM by drying windF. whr-h crusted
t 1 "- so:l, and more rain will be needed coon.
? <;<uin and bi.y naw ra:>id rrowth. I5ar»ey.
h«V ano the tin-t <.ro<i or alfalJa ar-- being har
\«.^<«-«i in lt»ver*ide O>>:ii'>. <irain is turning
rr'.low on the flvallow Foils. Work Is progTeius
inx In «>r<-har<U! and vin<'yarjF. Apricots are
*min« »ell. iJmugh the t'.nom was not heavy.
Walnut .lf«-e* are very late in coming into leaf.
OrniUi'-c an- Uloesommt.
H'S ANGELES SI MMARY.— The hot, dry
inc r.-inds at the clow of the week were in
jurious to field •top*; burnc-d Grain on poor
lands and cheeked growth on other. If warm
trftttrr continue* without rain crops will be.
cut tfhort.
tL'KKKA SUMMARY. — Fine weather; eoll
flrjins rwpiiJIy. Farmeri plowing and eseding.
Onin «nd irrass are maiinR rapid growth.
?*rtilt tree-as are in «-xee!!ent condition. .\ ; i :•¦
Vil.ypomint two w«*ks late.
The Weather and Crops.
1 EASTEKX MAKKETS. j
Nevada — Cloudy: cooler Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Wednes
day, prolwihly lipht Fhowers; continued cool;
fresh southerly winds.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
Southern CaJlfornia--Cloudy Wednesday, con
tinuid cool; probably fog In the morning
alcrg the coast; light eouth winds, changing
to v.-esterly.
Cloudy weather prevails generally throughout
California, and crmdltions are favorable for
light showers. The temperature has fallen
from 3 to 20 degrees along the coast from
Point Conccpcion northward to the Columbia
River.
Light fog Is reported in the San Francisco
Bay section.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 13:
Northern California — Cloudy Wednesday;
pcFsibly lipht thowers; cooler in Jthe Pan Joa
quln and northern end of the " Sacramento;
brisk southerly winds.
WEATHER AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
' Everything under this head Is quiet every
where. Late mail advlcca from New York say:
"Prunes continue to hold the same tone. The
reports from England show considerable fruit
in bonded warehouses there, and there is also
a rood supply on the coast. Estimates differ
as to the amount of Prunes In the latter place,
the figures varying from 800 to 1000 cars. Deal
ers are awaiting the outcome of the annual
meeting of the California Raisin Growers' As
sociation, as the disposition of the hold-over
stock is one of the principal Issues of the
meeting. The 1 conditions remain the same in
Nuts. Naples Filberts holding firm at 9%@10e.'"
FRUITS — Apricots. 8%©10%c for Royals and
9©12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4VJ0
6c; sun-dried, 3Q4%c; Peaches. 5%g7%c;
Pears, 8§llVic; Nectarines, nominal; Figs,
white. 3®4c In boxes; black. 4&c; Plums,
pitted. 5<&7%c per lb.
PRUNES — 1903 crop. 2Vifi2y.c for the, four
sizes.
RAISINS — The Association quotes the follow
ing prices: Standard grade*. 50-lb cases — 2
crown Loose Muscatels, 5V>c psr lb;
3-crown, 5%c; 4-crown, 6%c; Seedless Loose
Muscatels, 4%c; Seedless floated. 4%c; 2-crown
Malaga loose, 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas,, unbleached, 4%c; Seedl'ss
Thompsons, unbluached. 5%c. Layers, per 20
lb box — 6-crown imDerial clusters. $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters. S'J 50; 4-crown fancy clusters,
$2; 3-crown London Layers, $1 33; 2-crown
London Layers, $1 25; usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy 10-oz
cartons, prr lb. 7%c; fancy 12-oz cartons, per
package, 6%c; fancy bulk cartons, per lb. 7%c:
choice 16-oz cartons, per lb, 7%c; choice 12-os
carton?, d*t package, 6%c; j choice bulk car
tons, uer lb, 744c: 16-oz cartons, needed Seed
ling?,' Muscatels, per lb, 7c: 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb, 5%c; bulk,
eeedtni Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb. 6%c.«
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 13Va@14c:
No. 2. 11%® 12c; No. 1 hardshell, 13013%c;
No, 'I, llSill'io: Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa
reils. ll%c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and !)«-ic for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for
Eastern: Pecans. lliiKIc: Cocoanuts. $4 50® 5.
HONEY— Ccmb, 10<gll%c for white and 8%
<S9%c for amber; water white extracted, 5©
r.'ie: light amber extracted, 4U@0;c; dark,
3% ©4c.
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honcy.
CHICAGO, April 12.— A large Increase In
the world's available stocks of wheat, to-
Cther with a sharp decline in corn, caused
weakness in wheat to-day. The close was at
the bottom. July wheat was down l%@l«.Jc.
Corn shows a loss of IVic. Oats are off %@
%c and provisions 2 He higher to 10c lower.
A* fair degree of strength was evident in
wheat at tbe opening, the influence being the
bullish character of the Government crop re
port and advices of delayed seeding opera
tions Northwest. Initial quotations on July
were unchanged to %c higher at 87c to &~%c.
It did not take long to minimize the effect
of the low condition of the winter wheat as
rhown by the official figures when condition*
prevailing since April ¦ 1 were taken into con
sideration. In tbe opinion , of many traders
sufficient rain had fallen during the first
week In April to overcome many of the de
ficiencies shown in the Government report.
AS a result of these opinions there was a
tendency to soil. Bearish sentiment was ac
centuated by tJ.e downward course of prices
In the corn i>lt. As the session advanced the
wheat market became extremely weak. ¦ Re
l<orts Trom the Northwest stated that the cash
situation there was in a very demoralized
condition. Additional force to the report* was
Civen by heavy selling orders credited to
houses with Northwest connections. An in
crease of nearly two million bushels in the
world's visible supply also had a depressing
effect on the market. Under general selling
July declined to. S0%@8o%c and the - market
closed with prices at the low point. May
sold between 92«$c and 04 i£c and . closed at
D2%c-
Heavy liquidation of the July options and
a sharp break in prices were the features of
tradlns in corn. July corn closed at 49%c —
l»4c lower. May cloeed at 52c,- after selling
between 51Hc and 53%c. ¦-*;. .
Oats exhibited pronounced weakness. The
market closed weak, -with July . at 36%@37c
and May at 37©3T^c.
Provisions were tlrm early, due to a small
run of hogs and flrm prices at the yards.
The close was weak, with July down 10c:
lard 2V4c higher and ribs 2»4c lower.
¦ The leading futures ranged as follows: i
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
May.... tMH Wi 02& 02%
July, old SS*i &3% 80%^ 87
July new *7% 87% 85% , S5&
September, old. 82% 82% 81 Vi 81%
September, new 81% 81% * 80^ 80%
Corn, No. 2 —
May.', 53% 53% 51 H 52
July 51Vi Mtt 4914 4»%
September «>»i SOU 48% 49
Oat?. No. 2 —
May ..: 3S% 38% 36% 37^4
Julv... 37T*i 37% 36% 37
September 32 U 32 % 31% 31%
Megs sork, r>er bb! —
May 12 32% 12 45 12 15 12 20
July 12 45 12 S7% 12 27% 12 35
Lard, per 100 lbs— /-
May « ri» 6 55 6 47% 6 50
July 6 «7% 6 70 6 C5 6 67%
Short ribs. Der 100 lbs —
May C, 40 « 40 6 30 fi 33
July 0 52% 6 57% 6 45 6 50
Future Grain and Provisions;
| Chicago Board of Trade. |
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7O
T'-.'C per lb; White Lead. 7@7VjC. according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $43 5O@44 50 for local use
and $41 25@42 per flask for export.
SALT — Cutting has arain broken out and
prices are lower In consequence. Bales, $t*>
1 25 for common and $1 .Wil 65 for granu
lated: Dairy. f'iiV per ton; Granulated. 1*510;
Half Ground. -lCO-lb bags. $4; do, WMb bags,
$4 50; Rock Salt. $3 75 In 1C0 and $4 In GO lb
bags: Genuine Liverpool, $14, $15 and $14 per
ton in packages of 224. 100 and 50 lbs respec
tively. •¦'
SUGAR — Tfc« Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in lOo-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.65c:
Powdered, 5.50c; Candy Granulated. 5.50c;
Dry Granulated, '. fine. 5.40c; Dry Granur
lated, coarse. 5.40c; Fruit Granulated, 5.40c:
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), 5.30c:
Confectioners* A. 5.40c; Magnolia A, 5«:
Extra C. 4.ft0c; Golden C. 4.80c; "D."
4.70c; barrels. 10c more; half barrels, 25c:more:
boxes, 50c more: 50-lb bars, 10c more for all
klnfls. Tablets— Half barrels. 5.00c; boxst.
6.15c; H. & E. Crystal Dominos. 8.40e per lb.
No orders taken for less than seventy-five bar
rels or its equivalent.
-LUMBER — Pine, ordinary sires. $18919: ex
tra sizes higher; Redwood. $19923; Lath. 4
feet, $3 75<S4: Pickets. $17625; Shingles. $2 for
No. 1 and" $1 50 for No. 2; Shakes, $14 for
rpllt and $15 for sawr.; Rustic, $33@39.
CANNED SALMON— Pinks are quoted at "0c
and Reds at $1 25. The English market la re
ported strong and Japan Is buying on this
coast and Russia in England.
COAL OIL— Water White Goal OH. in bulk,
14c; Pearl Oil. In cases, 20Uc; Astral 2O',ic;
Star. 20He; Extra Star. 24Hc; Elaine. 2«Hc:
Eocene. 2.T *'•«•: Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk. 16c; in cases, 22 He; Benzine, in balk.
J3c; In caves, l!i"-l.c: S&-degree gasoline in
bulk. 25c; in cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE — Is lower at 81c per gallon
in cases and 75c In drums and Iron barrels.
LEATHER— Sole. heavy. 20«32c; extra
heavy. 30$40c ser lb; medium, 27920c:
light, 24S2t5c; Rough Leather. 28#2Sc; Harness
Leather, heavy, ."wfr3:»c for No. 1 and 2&835c
for No. 2; medium. 30@37c; light. 2»gMoc:
Skirting. No. 1, 40«g42c; No. 2, 36®3Sc; Col
lar Leather. 15@16c per foot: Trace Leather. 40
<5H»c: Kip, unfinished. 40®50c per lb; Veal.
finished. &Ofl6Oc per lb: Calf, finished. 65c««l
per lb: Wax Sides, 16<@17c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits. llttKic; Rough Splits. 8910c per lb. I
TANBARK— Ground. $20^28 per ton; stick.
$15«is per cord.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for case*.
add 5c; Linseed, 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Otl. In cases. No. l k 70c:
Bakers' A A. $1 1O@1 12: Lucol. 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. 60070c per gallon:
Cocoanut Oil in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. 85c; natural winter fperm Oil, 80c; extra
bleached winter Wbals Oil. C5c; natural Whale
Oil. 60c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Lard OU, 60c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Nestsfoot Oil. C5c; light Herring Oil.
45c: dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil, 3Sc:
boiled Fish Oil. 4Oc; raw Fl*h Oil. 38c; boiled
Paint Oil, 35c; raw Paint OH. 33c.
washed; UTiOc for medium: 7{?8Uc for Inferior
to ordinary; 10H«12Hc for fair to prime wash
ed peaberry: DViCJlOc for good to prime un
washed Deaberry; «H?*JUc for good to su
perior unwashed.
New York Stock market a point or tzvo lower.
Local Stocks and Bonds still inactive.
Steady rates quoted for Silver and Exchange.
Mexican Dollars wanted for Mexico, but supplies arc light.
JVcathcr Bureau reports mixed conditions in Crops.
British duties on Grain and Flour may be reimposed.
Private estimates confirm Government report on IFhcat.
Barley futures tv&xken under b car pressure.
Oats, Corn and Rye zvell held and unchanged.
Bran, Middlings and Shorts higher. Hay easy.
Lima Bean grozvers still disturbed by dry weather.
Flour and Millstuifs in fair demand and unchanged.
Butter and Cheese ztrak. Fine Eggs steady.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins inactive cz'cryzvhere.
Provisions quiet and weak, with packers against the market.
Wool, Hops and Hides all quiet and unchanged.
Beef weakening. Mutton coming in more freely. Hogs easy.
Turpentine marked dozen 3c per gallon.
Salt lozcer again, with sharp cutting.
Potatoes in light receipt and firm. Onions dull. f
Asparagus zceak under heavy deliveries.
Poultry firm under light receipts. Game in better condition.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes selling very well.
Canned Salmon firm, zcith Russia and Japan buying.
APPLES— $2®2 2R per box for extra fancy,
$1 uOjil 75 for ordinary fancy, 90c<3|l 23 for
choice and 50<575c for common.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 60«
2 for fancy. *1 2561 €5 for choice and 85c@
$1 25 for standard; Tangerines, $1 '2~<'nl 75 per
box; Lemons, $2182 50 for. fancy. »1 50©l 75 for
choice and $1 25 for standard; Grape
Fruit, ?lii2: Mexican Limes. $4 MttjS per
case; Bananas, $1<12 per bunch for Hawaiian
and $1 50«2 25 for Central American; Pine
apples, $2@3 per dozen.
About tjrenty-flve drawers of Longworth
Strawberries came In -from San Mateo County
and ten crai<-s of a larger variety were re
ceived from Los Ansreles. A few drawers of
Longworths were sold at $1 25, but most of
the offerings were of poor quality, being sun
burnt, and sold nlowly at 75cfifl. The Los
Angeles berries brought 15$i2Oc per small
basket. Another drawer of Raspberries came
In from San Leandro and met with prompt sale
at $2 50.
Despite t*e cooler weather the local demand
for Oranges continued brisk and there was a
good demand for shipment to Honolulu on the
steamer Ventura, out to-morrow. Good Lem
ons were closely cleaned up and the standard
grade was quoted firmer. Limes were steady
at the r*eent advance, although fresh supplies
were reported clone at. hand. Applen and Ba
nanas were plentiful and In fair request at un
changed rates.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Tol, St L & W pfd 100 37 »4 37 Vi 37
Union Pacific 68,100 89!* W*i 8014
Union Pacific pfd. 300 92 Vi 92 02
Wabash 2CO n»i4 i'J«4 1OU j
Wabash »fd l.SOO 39 37?i 37»i ,
Wheel & L E .. 2OO 17% 17% 17U j
Wisconsin Central. 200 isrt, 18% 18*i I
Wisconsin Cen r pfd. COO tl% 41 41
Express Companies —
Adams 224
American • .... 18S.
United States 107
Wells-Fargo .... 204 j
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 28,600 51 % 60 - 60
Am Car & Found.. 400 18% 19% 19ft
Am Car & F pfd " 71
Am Cotton Oil. 500 30% 30 30
Am Cotton Oil pfd. ...Y. 88
American Ice 100 7% 7% ,
American Ice pfd.. 400 2S 27% 2"H
Am Linseed Oil "100 8tt 8% - 8 ,
Am Unreed Oil pfd '. ..: 27
Amer Locomotive. . 600 21% 21V4 21'4
Amer Loco pfd 800 82% 82% 82
Am Smelt & Ref..- 400 40 49 48tf
Am S & Ref pfd... 500 93H 03% 93
Amer Sugar Ref,.. 1S.6O0 129. 127^4 12714
Anaconda Min Co.. 1,600 80*4 79H 7S»i
Brklyn Rap Trans. 38,000 46% 46'* 4H%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1.700 33^ 32% 32
Consolidated Gas.. 5,100 109 107 197ft
Corn Products 700 13% 13V4 ' 13H
Corn Products pfd ( 70
Distillers" Sees 100 22 14 22 H 22 #
General Electric... 200 i64V4 164 164
International Taper :... 11 H
Interntl Paper pfd. 300 67% W\i 66%
Intcmatlbnal Pump , . 38 V*
Interntl Pump pfd 75
National Lead 5,100 17% 16% 17U
North American 85
Pacific Mail 27%
People's Gas 5<X> 97U P«9i 96%
Preseed Steel Car.. 200 30 2W%. 2a«ii
PreFBed B Car pfd - 71
Pullman Palace Car 20ft
Republic Steel 300 7Ts ?% 7%
Republic Steel pfd 46&
Rubber Goods 19
Rubber Goods pfd 79 .
Tenn Coal & Iron. . 900 41 CTVi 30V4
U S Leather 400 7 7 7
U S Leather pfd... ICO 78 78 78Ji
V S Realty 300 7 6% «4«
IT S Realty pfd 2,200 65% 53% 54
U S Rubber 13%
U S Rubber pfd.. 400 59?4 50 5S%
U S Steel 2.900 11% 11% lUi
XT S Steel pfd 39,200 62%- 60% t'Oft
Westinghouse Elec. 3CX> 1«2 - 161 160
Western Union 400 SOU 88% 8S%
Northern Securities- 93H
Total sales 479.500 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. April 12. — Bond transactions
of the United Railroads of San Francisco were
(2000 at $77 50.
AMERICAN, CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4»i. asked 4»i; preferred, bid
3C%. asked 37. - .
NEW YORK BONDS. :
U S. ref 2s reg..lOO JL & N unified 4s. 09%
Do coupon 106 Man con gold 4s.l01 T 4
Do 3s reg 106 Mex Cent 4s./... 64%
Do coupon 107 Do let inc 13
Do new 4s reg.KW Minn & St L 4s. M¥-
Do coupon..... 13.1 (M. K & T 4s «9%
Do old 4s reg. 107%| Do 2ds TSV4
Do coupon 107% I NR of Mcx con 4s 73
Atch gen 4s 99%tN Y C gen 3V4».. OSH
Do adj 4s 90»i|X- J C gen fts 129K,
Atlantic C L 4s. l«V»INor Pac 4s 105
Bal & Ohio 4S...IO1U4 Do 3s ,72V,
Do 3%« 83% j Nor & W con 4s. 974a
Central of Ga 6s.lO7V 4 OSL 4s & partic 95 \\
Do 1st inc 09 |Pa conv S^s 87
Ohes & Ohio 4U8.102Ti| Reading gen 4s.. 97
Chi & Alton 3\te. 76%|.>JL & I M con 58.112'i
C B & Q new 4«. M IS L & S F fg 4s. 82%
C.M & SP gn 4s.lW"«,is<t Louis SW lPts. 93U
C & NW con 7s. 120 »iiSf aboard A L 4s. <M
C." R I & Pac 4s. 71%]rio Pac 4s 90
Do col .">s Sl*i!So Railway r»s...li:J>^
C.C.C & SLgn 4*.100%|Tex & Pac lsts.,117
CW Term 4s SO |T. St L & W 4s. 69
Coiis Tobacco 4s. 5S I Union Pac 4« 1C3";
Colo & So 4s i>5% Do conv 4s JlflVi
O F & I conv 5s. 71 JU S Steel 2d 5s.. 78%
Den & Rio G 4s. 78 IWabash lsts 117
Erie prior Hen 4*. 98 | Do deb B 62
Do pen 4s 86% W & L Erie 4s.. 87>4
F W & D C lst».10U Wls Cent 4s 80%
Hock Val 4»i*..10G«i!
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20: Little Chief 06
Alice lSj Ontario 4 2.*.
llreeoe 10|Ophlr 5 11O
Uruns Con «3| Phoenix U>
Com Tunnel WJjPoiosl lit
Con Cal & Va.. 1 CO' Savage 3S
Horn Silver 1 23ifclierra Ncv •;.'»
Iron .Silver ..... 1 70! small Hopes . 15
Lradvllle Con ... 02:standard 2 50
SUMMARY, OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK, April 12.— Special cable and
telegraphic communications received by Brad
street's show the following changes In avail
able supplies as compared with last account:
WHEAT— United States and Canada, east
of the Rockies, decreased 281.000 - bushels;
afloat for find in Europe, increased 2,000,000;
total supply increased 1.719,000 bushels.
CORN — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decreased 231.000 bushels.
OATS— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decreased 445,000 bushels.
Available Grain Supply.
COKN — Holders are flrm enough, but the
market is dull. Prices run along lor weeks
without showing any variation worthy of note.
Western sacked. $1 35@1 40 for Yellow.
$1 32>i@l ¦»<> tor White and $1 MQl 35 for
Mixed; California large yellow, $1 35@1 42^6;
small round do. $1 50&1 05; White, $1 4O@l 45
per ctl; Egyptian. $1 40*i I 50 for white and
$1 27Vi@l 30 for brown.
RYE— Quiet at SI 3o@l 32 & per ctl. These
quotations have ruled for a long time and
show no alens of changing.
- BUCKWHEAT— $1 75®2 per ctl.
OATS — The situation in this grain remains
as previously stated. ' Holders are adhering to
their agreement not to sell below quotations,
but buyers art scarce and lnditferent and the
result is a. stagnant and tame market. Re
ceipts continue email. -— '
White $1 27^©1 37&; Black. $1 23@1 30:
Red. $1 25@1 35; Gray. *1 32i4©l 3J*4 per ctl.
Open. High.
December . . . Uu^i •. ' 1 W
Low. ¦ ' Close.
l»»% 1 00
Open. High. Low. Close.
May fi us fl W $118 $108
December... OUVS ~ '<>'•>% WVi 'M%
2 p. m. Session." ._,
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m
Feed, $1 10@l 12»/i ; Shipping and Brtwtng,
$1 17*4@1 20; Chevalier. $1 15@1 20 for fair
to choice.
CASH BARLEY.
May— $1 32H.
December — (1 31%.
BARLEY — The cash , grain continues quiet
and unchanged. With moderate offerings. Fu
tures wepa about lc lower on the morning ses
sion. There. is some bear pressure lh options,
but it does not seem to disturb the bulls, who
still hang on to their holdings.
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. • Close.
May $1 33 $1 X-i $1 32% $1 H2*
December ... 1 32 U 1 32V4 1 »Hi 131%
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m
California Club, $1 37H01 43; California
White Australian. $1 50@l 60; Northern Club,
$1 .¦!.'.<"<} 142 >j; Northern Bluestem. $1500155
per ctl.
WHEAT FREIGHTS — Rates remain about
as before, say 14s fid ?i 15s spot and 22s 6d for
new crop loading, usual European options. .The
chartered wheat fleet in? port has a registered
tonnage of 3451, against 5032 tons on the same
date lart year ; k disengaged. 82,000 tons, against
82,100; on the way to this port, 232,260 tons,
against 341,575.
WHEAT — Foreign • quotations remain about
as before. - Broomhall cabled from- Liverpool
that there were fresh rumors in political cir
cles that the British import duty on grain and
flour would be relmposed.
Chicago advices were that the Government
report was very bullish and more than con
firmed by private estimates, but the trade senti
ment was bearish and disposed to disparage the
report.
In this market futures were from lc to l^c
lower, but the ca?h eraln showed no change,
being quiet. . '" -
CASH WHEAT. .
Wheat and Other Grains.
rather than miss a sale. Receipts are running
larger than previously.
Cheese is still in oversupply and depressed.
Receipts were 7«,1CO lbs Butter, 1824 cases
Eges alid 10,200 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 18@19c
for extras and 17@17Hc for firsts; dairy. 13®
17**c; store Butter, ijomlnal; cold storage,
nominal.
CHEESE— S<59c for good to cholea new
and 7«7*£c for lower grades: Young Americas,
lM4«n6e; Eastern, 15@l«c; Western. 14@15c
EGGS— Ranch, 18S19c for fair to choice;
store, 10@17c per dozen.
Sterling Exchange. sight ........ — 4 SSH
Sterling Exchange, cables — - 4 S9H
New York Exchange, sight ". . — 12%
New York Exchange.; telegraphic. — .15
Silver, per ounce .. ........... — .. " 53%
Mexican Dollars, nominal :...". ....*.— 45^
but remained unchanged here at $4 60!&4 65.
Spelter was unchanged at £22 5s in London
and at $5 25®5 30 in the New York market.
Iron closed at 52s 3d at Glasgow and 44s
9d In Middlenboro. - Locally iron is unchanged.
No 1 foundry. Northern, is quoted at $15 2o@
15 75; No 2 foundry. Northern, $14 75@15 25;
No. 1 foundry. Southern, and do soft, at
$14 23<@14 75. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13;. 1904.
Continued on Page. Fourteen.
•AH quotations remain about: the same. There
are s»id to be some; orders; here for Mexican
dollars'for M»xlco, t but - stocks * are .meager.-'-^
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. W — $i 85*4'
Exchange and*Bullio n .
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
A^ £^ jfe%
AUCTION SALE at ARCADE HORSE MAR-
KET. 327 SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY. April
13, at 11 a. r»i. I will sell 40 head of food
horses. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctlonw.
•tajfarj* 8TOCK BREEDERS. ATTENTION.
Mr. Sam J. Maddox's registered
- "T ". shorthorn cattle hav« arrived In
Sacramento. Will be sold at auction on SUt«
Fair Grounds at 11 a. m., Friday, April 13,
l»04. FRED H. CHASE A Ctt, Livestock
Auctioneers.Republican Club Elects.
The Independent Citizens' Republi
can Club of the Thirty-ninth Assembly
District met Monday night' at Rich
mond Hall. The following officers
were elected' for the ensuing term:
President, Edwin T. McMurray; first
vice : president, Adolph Eberhart; '. sec
ond vice president, William Hampton ;
third Vice-president,' Leland 'S. Bo
ruck; secretary/ John J. Cassidy; as
sistant secretary, Harry A. Keeler;
treeasureri .-: James • F. ' O'Rorke ; ser
geants at arms, August Pfeffer arid
James J. McGovern. It was decided
to^nominate, a ticket for -delegates to
the State convention at- the next meet
ing of the club on AprillJ). .
Peter John . Sentenced.
•/:'; Peter John, convicted of felony.em
bezzlement by a Jury in ¦ Judge- Law
lor.'s court,' appeared - f or sentence yes
terday.' The Judge sentenced! him to
serve 'one -year .'in San /Quentin:*, On
December ,3,7AntonIo.Tsolala. .saloon
keeper, 325 First street, gave him $100
to obtain a , draft' from the ; bank," but
he I disappeared' with thecoin.
Gaelic Club Will Hold Picnic.
: <The thirty-fifth annual picnic of . the
Knight3 of the? Red Branch will be
Gilt-edKe appetite. Gilt Edge Whiskey. You 1 !!
have both. If you have either. ' Wlchman,' Lut
gen,& Co.. S. F. •
INTEREST IN OARK TO BE SOLD— United
States District Judge de Haven yesterday or>
dered • the United States Marshal to sell on
Monday next V. Contardl's one-eighth interest
in the bark Yosemlte to satisfy a judgment for
$913 In favor of M. C. Harrison. .
Harnett'K Extract of Vanilla Imparts
a superior delicacy of flavor, try' It.' use Jt. ,",• ' '
CHARGED WITH MURDER..— A " Coroner's
jury yesterday charged Frederick Tobelmann
with the murder of his wife. May Tobelmann
oti April 2. at 608"^ Minna utreet. Nothing
new. was elicited at the Inquest. •
PURCHASERS OF OIL LANDS
SAY THEY WERE SWINDLED
Fire broke out in the flat occupied
by F. G. Wlgmore. 116 Eighth street,
last- evening. The damage amounted
to about $2000, partly covered by in
surance. The flames were quickly ex
tinguished by the Fire Department.
Without seeing: the Diamond Palace would
be' like visitingKurope without seeing Par
is. It is a leading feature of San Francis
co, and is the most beautiful jewelry
store in the world. Visitors or purchas
ers are equally welcome. 221 Montgom
ery street, between Bush and Pine. •
Fire on Eighth Street.
To Visit San Francisco
giving any information against their
relative.
William Casement made the follow
ing statement last night at the City
Prison:
My sister "or her eister-ln-law stole $20
from my purse, which I left in their care.
I went to the ¦ house mad and attempted to
get the money 'back. They denied having
taken It. My brother and I had a little
tilt over his wife and my revolver went
off. I am very sorry for the accident and
will say that It was unintentional.
held at Shell Mound Park on Sunday.
May 1. Many valuable gate prizes will
be given and trophies for dancing and
games distributed.
David Young of Newark. N. J.. rep
resentative of Brown Bros, of New
York, who financiered the United Rail
roads In its purchase of the local street
railway interests, arrived from the East
yesterday and Is at the Palace Hotel.
The preserfce of Mr. Young in San
Francisco fit this particular time is
regarded as significant, in view of the
threatened strike of the carmen. In
his official capacity he is the adviser
of the New York.banking firm in all
matters pertaining to the physical con
dition of the various interests which
they control or in which they
have important holdings. Dur
ing the last trouble between
the United Railroads and its men Mr.
Young was a visitor in San Francisco
and participated in the conferences of
the management of the big corporation
following each day's meeting between
its representatives and those from the
Carmen's Union. It is understood
among the employes in the offices of
the railway company that Young's sud
den arrival is in connection with the
new troubles, and this theory is borne
but by the fact that he was in con
ference with General Manager Chap
man and the latter's assistant for more
than an hour after his arrival in the
city yesterday. Concerning the trou
bles between the company and its men
he had little to say, except that he
hoped they would be amicably settled.
He also remarked that he was sur
prised that the men had made a move
In the "direction of trouble before the
expiration of the present agreement.
The representatives of the Carmen's
Union and the manager of the United
Railroads did not meet yesterday, and
neither side would make any state
ment, except that there had been no
developments. The conference . will be
resumed to-day.
From good sources - it ; was learned
yesterday afternoon that the manage
ment of the Union-street road has be
come satisfied that its men are pre
pared to strike if the men employed
by the United Railroads decide to go
out, and in anticipation of this move
the company has followed the example
of the United Railroads in laying in
provisions and other stores (it its car
barns, which would suggest that the
company will oppose the demands of
its employes.
David Young:. Eepresenting
Brown Bros.. Is Here to
Look After Their Interests
The nail-bearers were A. P. Raye,
John Farrell, W. A/ Wilson, R. A.
Smyth, M. J. Dolan and John Cobine.
The last resting-place of the de
parted was made beautiful by a pro
fusion of the rarest flowers, tributes of
love from friends. . ''.'.:,:'.:/
The impressive services at St.' Mary's
Cathedral consisted of a solemn re
quiem, high mass, celebrated by the
Rev. Fathers • Kamm, Hannigan.
O'Ryan and Dempsey. Father Ramm
also officiated at the . grave. The-ca
thedral choir, under the direction of
Robert J. Harrison, the* organist, ren
dered Mozart's Requiem Mass. The
offertory. "Pie Jesu," was sung by
George Keane. e - -V -
The manv friends of the late Mrs.
Elizabeth M. Sullivan- paid their last
respects; to . the departed yesterday
when all that was mortal of an estim
able woman was laid at rest on a
commanding knoll in Holy Cross
Cemetery.
Many Friends of the Late Mrs. Eliza
beth M. Sullivan Gather. at Im
pressive Obsequies.
COMES TO TALK
WITH CHAPMAN
PAY A PARTING TRIBUTE
AT BELOVED WOMAN'S TOMB
Under the management of Harry i
James, who acted as stage manager,
the programme went off with great
vim and snap. Kolb and Dill and i
Barney Bernard were naturally the j
great merry makers of the occasion, j
Mrs. Theodore F. Bonnet (formerly
Miss Helen Merrill) sang two num
bers charmingly. "Surrender" and
"Skylark." Gertie Emerson and Flos
sie Hope did a lively turn. Miss Jean
Logan gave a graceful and picturesque !
dance with calcium effects. Andrew !
Bogart sang in his customary finished
style "Hosanna" and "Danny Deever."
Judge F. J. Murasky made an address
and St. Mary's College orchestra • ren-'
dered several selections.
St. Mary's College was the bene
ficiary last night at an entertainment
of great merit given at the Alhambra
Theater under the auspices of the
Alumni Association of the college. The
funds derived from the entertainment
are to be devoted to the purchase of
a modern equipment for the labora
tories of that institution.
Alumni Association of the Educational
Institution Gives Entertainment.
to Raise Funds.
BENEFIT FOR ST. MARY'S
COLLEGE IS BIG SUCCESS
Though' William tried twice., to, fire
the pistol, Frank was so excited at the
time, he says, that he does' not know
just what took place. He merely, re
members having seen his; brother rush
in the room and having heard him ac
cuse-the family of stealing his money.
Frank. Casement was employed as a
shoe cutter by the firm of Buckingham
& Hecht:
Detective Harry Reynolds .was de
tailed on the case last night and ob
tained.statements from all of .the par
ties concerned. All were reluctant in
After his arrival at the hospital the
wounded man made the following state
ment to Assistant District Attorney
Louis Ward: H'-'^fr
i My name Js Frank Casement, . This after
noon, about 6:30, In my kitchen at 1330
Valencia" street. BUI came In,- that is my
brother. He was excited. He had the -gun
in his hand. . I tried to. get It away from him.
I thought he was fooling. In th^e' mixup ¦ the
gun went off. I was ehot once *ln the neck.
Then 1 said, "You have broken, you have shot
my arm."' 1. was bleeding and told him to get
something to strap around my neck. I ¦ have
had no trouble with* my brother recently. This
shot was accidental. This Is- my brother Bill,
standing at the foot of the- bed. that , shot
me this evening. I feel all right. I- am sure
I will recover. K"i$
The shooting occurred in Frank
Casement's house on Valencia", street
a little after 7 o'clock, when the fam
ily were. at dinner.. The drunken man
rushed into the room and, brandishing
his pistol in the air, demanded that, the
entire^ family remain seated until he
had djscovered who it was that robbed
him of $20.
A few, days ago Frank Casement's
wjfe met her brother-in-law in a gro
cery on the corner of Twenty-fifth and
Capp streets. She jokingly asked him
for some money, and in reply he hand
ed her his purse. After a little jesting
the woman returned the purse, as she
says, without having \ opened ' it, and
left the store. > The. next- day she met
William, who was slightly intoxicated.
He accused her of having taken V $20
piece out of his purse. The ' woman
stoutly denied having taken the money
and felt hurt at the accusation. . v
Casement j next accused -his- wife of
having stolen the "money, and when she
denied her guilt he brooded and was
in bad temper until last evening, when
the trouble reached a climax that may
result In one death.
Officer H. N. Powell and Corporal
Shanahan, who were passing the house,
heard a shot and rushed to the scene
of action. They found Frank strug
gling with his brother in .an endeavor
to take the revolver away from him.
The blood that had steadily poured out
of the wound Just above the heart had
considerably weakened the victim, and
his, chances for living would have been
small had it not been for the timely
assistance of the officers.
The wounded man was Immediately
conveyed to St. Luke's Hospital, where
it was found that the ball hadVenteted
the left side of the chest below the col
lar bone and above " the heart. Dr.
Brady worked for nearly an hour In
an endeavor to locate the bullet, but
was unsuccessful. It is feared that the
wound will Drove fatal.
After a heated last night
William Casement, a newspaper, car
rier, shot his. brother Frank, who may
not recover. The assailant was drink
ing and femarting under. fancied, griev
ances, and the shooting took place in
the heat of passion.
The election for the home missions
committee resulted as follows: Rev.
William Kirk Guthrie (moderator). Dr.
J. S. Thomas, Rev. E. K. Strong. Elder
Edward Kerr and Elder H. H. Hill.
Evangelistic committee — President Mac
intosh, D. D., San Francisco Seminary,
chairman; Rev. George G. Eldredge,
Rev. Richmond Logan, Elder A. S.
Johnson and Elder John Forsythe.
Before the 'assembly adjourned reso
lutions expressing regret at the de
parture of Dr. Wills and the Rev. Mr.
The number received into full com
munion with the church from the Sun
day-school during the year was ninety
four, which testifies, states the report,
to the Increased* spiritual life of the
Sunday-schools of the church. The con
tributions were HberaL, » .
Howard Prckbyterian Church Sunday-school
•J51; Calvary. 4M; I^ebajion. 330; First Hlo'
Trinity. 300; Mizpah. 2CS: Holly Park ' "ta :
)^ t 5?A mttcr '.. 1K ' : Kr *nWn. !«*: Memorial'
The Rev. Mr. Logan presented the
report of the committee on Sunday
Schools, which showed the total en
rollment for the fourteen schools as
follows:
Lebanon Presbyterian Church, of
which the Rev. Richmond Logan is
pastor, showed such a high condition
of prosperity that it was resolved that
it be an independent church during
the ensuing year.
Mr. Watanabe will be ordained by
the presbytery Sunday. May 1, at the
Japanese Presbyterian Church.
The overwhelming needs of the San
Francisco Home Missions were ex
plained by Dr. Thomas.
WILL ORDAIX WATAAABE.
Isamu Watanabe. preacher of the
Japanese Presbyterian Church, 121
Haight street, presented himself for
examination for ordination.
Letters of transfer from the presby
tery of San Francisco to the presby
tery of Sacramento were granted the
Rev. Dr. J. T. Wills and the Rev. C. C.
Herriott.
The temperance committee's report
submitted by the Rev. James Wood
worth stated that certain secular so
cieties had given up the use of liquor
and wines at their banquets, and while
the movement is growing a further
observance of the temperance move
ment in Secular circles was advocated.
The Rev. Frederick A. Doane ex
pressed entire opposition to the use of
a fermented wine in the administra
tion of the sacrament. The recom
mendation was accepted by the assem
bly.
GIVE UP USE OF LIQUOR.
During a discussion for an appropri
ation of $600 for the Hebrew Presby
terian mission it developed that the
Rev. Moses Bcrcowitz pays his rent,
printing and the living of himself and
wife and children out of the 5600 per
annum allowed him.
All the church appropriations were
allowed without curtailment.
Dr. Gilchrist has recently been oc
cupying the pulpit at Calvary Presby
terian Church, alternating with Pres
ident Macintosh, D. D., of San Fran
cisco Seminary, during the temporary
absence of Dr. Hemphill in Australia.
When the church appropriations
came up for consideration there were
matters which kept up the interest
for some hours. The dissolution of
Franklin-street Presbj-terian Church
was protested against by thirty-five of
the congregation and it was ultimately
resolved that Professor Gilchrist shall
take charge of the church for the next
six months.
The moderator suggested that the
autumn would be a grood season in
which to invite Dr. Stelzle. and lh«
Rev. C. C. Herriott agreed that an ef
ficient worker such as the doctor
would stir this city to an interest in
the religious work.
The Rev. Mr. Bevier said that his
church work brought him much in
contact with the laboring man and in
speaking of the importance of the
proposed visit ot Dr. Stelzle said that
his experience had shown him that
labor unions were ready to be ap
proached, but that it should be ac
complished in a wise way.
The reverend gentleman remarked
that there were certain labor unions
with which one could not become af
filiated if he worked on a Sunday.
This he considered was a good be
ginning, .iyii
Ttoe greatest problem In the life of San
Francisco is the labor <juestion. and. as you
know, it has comt to a j>oint in this city not
rtachfd in any other city in the l'nit-_>d
Etctts. And thi* very Hrment is not being
reached by religion as represented by Protest
antism. Look to the south of Market street,
Tvhere there is work to bf done among this
%ery clat-* of «jur community. We leel that by
lnvitinp I>r. btelile h>»re »e might receive from
him practical advice on the subject.
SAN FKAXCISCO PKOISLMU
If anv church, if the Probyierian church,
could b>' come means reach this clats named
In the resolution it v.-ould to-day exert nn in
fluence on the yptritual life or fan Francisco
that could not l>c accomplished by readmit; an>
cth*r olas*. It Is a clap* that is I* ing nrjt
leittd men. lhan any other.
In«*Tr.u<_h as our Presbyterian church :s put
tine forth ep<vJa! effort*- throughout the tnitfd
Stetes to rcai-h the laliorinjt men of our land
me recommend that this presbytery extend an
Invitation to the Kev. Charles SteUle. the CJpn
*rsJ Abuerably representative to care for this
special work, to visit Pan Francisco for the
turpofe of presenting thie mailer bcfvwe our
churches.
Dr. Thomas, in speaking to the res
olution. ?aid among other things:
There was a laree attendance
throughout the session and the dis
cussion on the labor problem of the
day by the Rev. Dr. Thomas was
heard with the intensest interest and
resulted In a resolution beiner unani
mously adopted, as follows:
The deliberations began at 9 o'clock
In the mornln*. when the Rev. Wil
liam Kirk Guthrie. who was elected
moderator the previous night. tx>ok
the chair.
Lfebor unions and the church and
other matters of timely Interest were
discussed and acted upon at yester
day's meeting of the San Francisco
Presbyter>% held at Howard Presbyte
rian Church.
Secular Societies Dispense
With Liquors From Ban
quets and Movement Grows
Levl Strauss scholarship, $1750, but check
was drpot-ltetl with treasurer as acredlt to
student drpoeits in place of proper account:
D. O. Mills. LJck Observatory fund. |tinuA;
Emanu-K! Fellowship. $.V0: Martha A. Hol
ladie K.VtO; Alumni Hall fund, $1000; class of
IKSrt loan fund. $153; rlass of 1000 loan fund,
$1**O IS: Wilmerding School. $:{48 52: contln
jrr-nt fund. $1!» 70; P. A. Hearst scholarship,
f 4«0<> <$12<>0 of this amount was deposited with
the treasurer to cower embezzlements of stu
tlerts" deposits): department of anthropology,
?sr.22 W) ii2CT, ; SO of this amount was de
po*ited with the treasurer to cover embezzle
menf of students' funds>; Hearst donation to
nv dical department. StiOO; Hearst donation to
L'ck Observatory. S.W.
Aside, therefore, from a bookkeeping propo
sition it will anptar from the forcjolng that
Th«- other accounts from which moneys were
retained are as follows:
OTHER ACCOUNTS SHORT.
The total appropriation of moneys received
from ihe m'.dKal department amounted to
$l'fi>41 12. Of thlF amount $'J7«rt :!«. In form
of iH«ilf and warrants, was deposited with
tho treasurer, but credited to ether accounts,
fn-m whi-h money hart been stolen, presumably
by deduction, fri.m stu>i«?nt*' deposit f?es.
All of the savings bank deposit?, being
ttie Investments of certain of the funds, have
bef-n found to be intact.
The&e recei:itt included students' deposits,
fees and money received from other sources,
which had been paid Into the secretary's office
at B rk>l<> and later deposited with the
treasurer, but it appears that the late secre
tary never ke;t any record of this in perma
nent form, making his distributions when the
trensurer's account came in, cither from the
stu'os of receipts or loose memoranda or from
memory.
The eystem seems to have been that, when
the statement* rendered monthly by the treas
urer were received at the office, then, and not
till then, the receipts of mon^y during the
month were entered in the cash book.
At the beginning of th» defalcation the sec
rctp.ry appears to have used the cash which
came In by the way of students' depoelu,'
holdlDK out, until eome time after their re
ceipt, checks which had come Into his hands,
ultimately depositing them with the treasurer
to make up the proper amount of students' de
posits and other similar Income, and crediting
them to the account to which they belonged
when he had come into posssssion of other
funds.
A. W. Foster. John A. Britton and I.
W. Heilman of the finance committee,
Board of Regents, University of Cali
fornia, submitted to the board at a reg
ular meeting yesterday an elaborate
report of the defalcation of the late
secretary. W. A. McKowen. Excerpts
from the report of the experts. Knight.
McLaren & Goodie, are embraced In
the document. The deficiency estab
lished beyond question amounts to
$51,478 76. The following statements
are contained In the report:
At the -session yesterday Guy C.
Earl presided. The roll call was re
sponded to by Regents Britton, Yorke,
¦Way-mire, Taussig, Foster, Dohrmann,
Rowell, Anderson. Reinstein, Ellinwood
and President Wheeler. No motion was
made to proceed with the election of
a secretary.- It was remarked that the
interest on the Flood endowment this
year would amount to $8000. The an
nual commencement at Berkeley is set
for May 18. At the May meeting of
the Regents the budget for the next
year will be considered.
The special committee on the status
of the medical department of the uni
versity presented an elaborate report.
The members of the committee are Dr.
Chester Rowell. J. B. Relns\ein, R. J.
Taussig and C. AV. Slack. T"he presi
dent of the university was invited by
the committee to present his views of
the subject under consideration and a
letter from the president is therefore
embodied in. the report.
DEPARTURE CONTEMPLATED.
The discussion on the report indi
cated that a new departure in this de
partment is contemplated. If the re
port is adopted the colleges in San
Francisco will hereafter be devoted to
chemical work. Instruction in the
scientific branches, such as chemistry
and bacteriology, will be given in
Berkeley. Hitherto the medical depart
ment has been conducted on its own
resources. Hereafter it will share with
other departments in the general ap
portionment of university money.
Regent Reinstein wanted the, report
referred to the finance committee with
favorable indorsement, but A. W. Fos
ter, chairman of the committee, vigor
ously opposed the suggestion. The
proposition was simply referred to the
finance committee with instructions to
report thereo-n when the budget was
submitted.
erty valued at $10,000,000. The viticul
turists recognize, the value of , the ex
periment station at the university and
have great confidence in Professor Hil
gard. — - - •
A paragraph in the report of the
finance committee recommending that
all endowments be pooled caused some
discussion. The recommendation was
adopted. The committee simply recom
mends the savings bank system of put
ting all the money to be loaned Ip one
fund and crediting to each endowment
its pro rata of the interest received.
The chairman of the committee, in re
sponse to inquiry, said a loan of $50,000
had been made to the Dominican friars
of Txjs, Angeles. The loan was made
on the recommendation of Mr. Hellman.
The land held as security is appraised
at $105,000. The rate of interest is 6
per cent. - - . . ,
The Regents resolved to appoint a
committee to confer with Wine Grow
ers Frank T. Swett. Charles Bundschu,
H. Weinstock, C L. Larue and John
Swett. The conference was invited by
the State Viticultural Club. It is rep
resented to the board that there are
10,000 wine growers in the State and
that they have JSQ.000.000 invested. In
ten years one disease destroyed prop-
WILL. POOL ENDOWMENTS
On the recommendation of Dr. Wheel
er, president of the university, the
board appointed Henry Rand Hatfield
of Chicago University associate pro
fessqr of. accounting (on the Flood
foundation), at J2S00 per annum, from
July 1, 1904.
The president announced that Pro
fessor George Davidson had presented
to the library his paper on "The Alas
kan Boundary." •
It Js virtually Impossible to fix . the begin
ning- of the -defalcation, as amounts collecte4
from the students' fees were covered up by reT
celpts from other sources, these belns made
good from subsequent donation*, and In the ab
«Mice of record of actual time of receipt of
moneys no estimate can be made. From the
obtainable data It would appear that In 1H01
possibly 59940 15 was embezzled; In 10CJ. $23,
14V 13. and in 10C3. $17,301 IS: of this $17,
391 48 — $075 37 was appropriated subsequent
to August. 1903. and Including the date of the
discovery of the default. Al! endowments from
which funds were misappropriated have been
made roud upon the books of accounts of the
university by a charge to W. A. McKowen
suspense of the total amount of the defalca
tion. -
515,307 18 was embezzled from students' fe«t
In cash, and the balance, or $36,171 !>$, from
various donated funds.
Wounded Man Begs That He
, Not Be Asked to Make A ny
Charges Against Assailant
VICTIM WOULD ;F0RGIVE
GIVE UP WEvE AT FEASTS
Labor Unions Together With
Church Affairs Find Place
in Ministerial Discussion
Frank Casement May '. Die. as
the Kesul t of Argument
Over Small Sum in Dispute
Finance Committee Presents an Elaborate Re port, of Defaulting, sec
retary's Transactions-— Changes in, , Medical Department—Re
gents Make- a Loan of $£0,000 on Los Angeles Real Estate
TRIES TO TAKE
BROTHER'S LIFE
ACTUAL AMOUNT OF UNIVERSITY CASH
STOLEN BY McKOWEN IS FIGURED OUT
LIVE TOPICS
GIVE INTEREST
THE ySAN.VERANGISGOr;GALi:.';:-AVEDNESpAY, ;APRIU;/13,^1904-
Is Borden's Peerless ." Brand Evaporated
Cream. It has a delightful, natural
flavor and is superior to the richest raw
cream, with the added insurance of being
jst^riU-. Always carried by soldiers, sail
ors, hunters, campers and explorers. It
has become a household necessity. •
A Perfect Milk Food
Herriott for the presbytery, of Sacra
mento and of good wishes for their
labor in their new fields were unan'
imously adopted. A resolution of ap
preciation was also passed'to the ladies
of Howard Presbyterian Church for
the sumptuous banquet which was
given in the church assembly hall.
Miss Elsie McEwin. a member of
the younger social set. accompanied
by Max Rosenfeld and several . other
friends, while driving an automobile
along Market street last . evening,
knocked down and ran over James
Williams, a boy living at 130% Four
teenth street. The young woman was
arrested and charged with battery, at
the City Prison, where she obtained
her release through the assistance of
C E. Lee, who advanced her bail of
$20. The % boy was not seriously in
jured.
Fair Automobilist Arrested.
Sue Henry J. Blood for Return of
Money Alleged to Have Been
Obtained Through Deceit.
Henry J. Blood, president of the
Sterling Oil Company, is the defend
ant in a suit filed yesterday by John
C. Hampton, vice president of the Pa
cific Lumber Company; :W. L. B. Mills,
secretary of that company; W. - S.
Gage, Ida H. Mauvais and Grace A.
Tyson, in which charges of a sensa
tional nature are made. It is a suit
to recover $4600 the plaintiffs allege
Blood swindled them out of in a deal
In oil lands in Kern County.
According to the complaint the
plaintiffs purchased the land in 1900
upon Blood's representation that it
was % a valuable -piece of realty. The
consideration' was $11,000, and that
sum was paid to ; J. J. Mack. of Ba
kersfield, the reputed owner of the
land. For his share in the transac
tion Blood was given a one-sixth in
terest in the land with' the privilege
of paying for it at a future date."
Last December a demand for -the
price of the one-sixth interest was
made upon. Blood, but he denied ever
having agreed to pay anything. His re
fusal started investigation, with the
result, the plaintiffs say, that they
discovered that Alack never was the
owner of the property, but was simply
an : agent . for J. M. Keith and C. S.
Young. '
The last named,- it is alleged, hadarr 1
option "on the land, which he trans
ferred for $6400 to Blood.and the lat
ter, by keeping the plaintiffs in ignor
ance of this fact, prevailed upon them
to pay $11,000 for the land.
16
: AJJVEBTISEMENTS. ' '
Latest Importatipn
—5 -IN OUR— —
Dress Goods
Department.
' The following two lines of NEW GOODS
have been received bv us this week and on
Inspection will be found exceptional values*
Two cases' "58-Inch DEVONSHIRE and WEST
OF ENGLAND TAILOR SUITINGS. These
Tweeds are in mixed colorings, invisible
checks and small, neat stripes, There are
Sa great variety of colorings in .the lot. Theu
are all pure wool and*are the £h | f?0
new fabrics so much in demand I Y
for traveling dresses. Price M-^ 8 uard«
itiree cases 54-in IMPORTED ENGLISH IRON
RRAME ALPACA. These Goods are from the
leading manufacturer of Bradford, England,
and are a veru high lustrous finish, Theu
come in the following colors j Two shades
navy, two shades brown, shades /Kg AH
of tan, cream and medium and V
dark grau mixtures. Pries M^" uarQi
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
Extra Special.
500 dozen Sheer Linen and Linen Cambric
Hemstitched Ladies' HANDKER- <Cl.00.
CHIEFS (Irish manufacture) •Pidoz-
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREEL
ADVZBTISZMENTS.
To Be 1
Absolutely 1
Sure I
of 1
Coffees I
Spices I
Baking Powder |
"and I
Good Things i
to Eat I
Extra Premiumsl
this week n
It pays §
to trade |
at • 1
Great American Importing Tea Co!
861 Market 210 Grant ave. 1419 Polk H
1*0 Sixth 1S10 Devlsadero 705 Larktn ¦
475 Halght S006 Sixteenth 355 Hayes M
32S5 Mission n21 Jfontg" ave. KJ Market H
20OS Fillmore 2516 Mixslon 146 Ninth ft
ot56 Third 2T32 24th 46^ Fourth M
<*&%b DON'T RUIN
'6§t» YOUR EYES.
Are your glasses soothing and ¦ restful? Do
they relieve the strain, blurring; -and tiring of
the eyes? If not. use Geo. Mayerle's Antiseptic
Kyeglass Wipers. 15c: 2 for Sic. German Eye-
water makes weak eyes strong, sore eyes well
Rests Ured eyes. By mail tC'c. GEO MAT.
ERLE. German Expert Optician * 1071 M \R.
KET STREET. S. F. ..¦»»'* mak
j DR.P8ERCES
LDISCOVERY
\ ' FOR THE
: I rfLOOP.jjYER.UJMGS.
fl E EL B £^ Ammunition. Huntlnx a=rl
¦ I IBsi^. Sportlns Goods: . Urgc»i
RhI I 111 'tock. Lowest irices. s*n.l
9 IlVH M for catalogue.
V Vr I M Vm SHBEVE & BARBER CO..
_ , . K& Market «t- o.a4
Kt&rnjr . rt.
r _ '¦-;^-_-.'-_-.-.:. '_-_^-^£yS™S^?5J^ --------- -'-'- -"-,' '¦'¦'¦ -_ " - •-¦¦-'¦^-^ w _
lil "THE CREDIT HOUSE" 233-235237 POST ST. '|f|j
l^jli? Prices count only when they're marked on standard goods. For the last of this ; J» \
ic<«E weck we are offerin £ S oods at prices that you cannot afford to overlook, because j mSil
Si^yi the goods that we carry are standard goods and the prices we are making are :J§S
w >ftli lower than any you have ever seen before in San Francisco. . The "HUNDRED j $5z >
;gjp THOUSAND YARD" Carpet Sale also continues for the week. !* j§ <
• RRUSSFI S For a °y rooni FI ° PftTTdfiF PARPFT Doublc \l i§!
UIVUOOLLO ral, Oriental and. Per- vll I I hWJL. OAH\ri_l faccd; £ gj
< M3fe sian designs; two-tones, reds or /> *» one side plain, the other with mottled reds i 5 j« i
<^jjl? jrreens. By the yard, sewed, f^r%|i and greens in pretty designs. <J «¦ IS !M 3
lincd a " d la ' d vv By the yard, sewed, lined and «j![5II &(
§l§ 3 T/VPFQTPY RPIIQQFIC Iaid ••••••••••••••••• wrvr ¦ s k p
i§P Ittr.LOIIYI DIVUOOLLO MATTINPl^ Selling wholesale in 1|
*PC3 ?f Cashmeres; larpe wood-colored scroll I'lrl ¦ ¦• I^VFVJ • 2 o-yard rolls, large ;g K)s
jg = and small floral designs on tan, red, green enough for the average room, and pretty \ I J? S
|ffl % or blue grounds. Beautiful, har-^V^i patterns. Regular price, £t*4\ g\ m i g H* S
5$g | monious colorings. By the yard, MB I O 25c per yard. This week, Jl|^ •* fit !
3* sewed, lined and laid. VV V not laid, by the roll ypmm9\J\J ; 2 U£t
SB FfcRAPFRIFQ $1 50 LIGHT SPRING COMFORTERS. . 95c 11
$3.75 TWO-TONE COUCH COVERS. . .$1.75 ||||
|S y0Bn^ GO CARTS c^r :j|
K^ Stands over four fcrt high. a t special price till the end of b^S S^^l \ is*
fb<r$ at C°°h' n S compartment holds 35 this week. A great offer in a IvSP rjJT^ I K 5
|^ |i tirely in hard wood. Regular $4.50 Rubber-tire Cart. ..$2.5O #^3*2 I ll\
icVH ?fi price Sn - 0 °- s » m Ply a chance $5.50 with Reed Back.'-. .?3.OO /rf Wtf&l
KjM to bave $3-50- $5.75 'Adjustable Back...^3.75 /tt§ \ SU Rr/\J 3^^
K|ypj GAS STOVES $8'so. Patent Cart ......$5.85 Wifot
k c= Ttl From ?1.75 And- similar reductions up to \[\s (