"PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISGO, WEDNESDAY, ,: APRIL 20,-1904.
roaring down ' Bay • street. • destroying
every building on both sides from the
National Club «tb Front street. ' Among
the buildingsjburned on Bay street were
those of Wise & .Darling, .Westwood
& Co., Galey.& Co.. Bond & Co., Ash
¦bbrn & Sherwiri and Ainslee &,Co.
The warehouses- of. W. H. Beck &
Co.. Gordon,', Mackey .; & Co.. Pugsl«y,
King arid ,Co.,' Cokshutte &. Co. and
Brown Bros, wefe'destroyed.- .Nothing
could resist the' force of the'flamea as
they. : swept " down ' Bay street -. toward
the ; lake and the firemen fought back
the fire from side streets, confining, the
fire • zone to the one ¦ thoroughfare
wherever ; possible. .
'.'"Several .frame . buildings .which
threatened to cause - a spread ?of the
fire were blown up .with dynamite. (
. At 1 :30 this. (Wednesday) / morning
Bay street ¦ was on 'Are from , Welling
ton, street down to Tthe-lakC: front., but
the firemen were meeting with success
in" their efforts* to I prevent -'a -further
spfead.tarid it is j believed the Ore will
burn itself out there. - : >
BARCELONA, April 19.— King Al
fonso received a great ovation when
leaving here to-day/accompanied by
Premier Maura, for the Balearic Isles.
CIUDAD ELA. Minorca, April 19.
The royal, yacht Giralda. with King
Alfonso on board, arrived here to
night.. '.¦ . y
Wclconie for Kins Alfonso.
¦\\arjSc\\ s .- f ontlnued -on :Page >. 2.
r ;;. LIAOYANG, i April ;, 19.— A .number ; of
uniriipdrtaritv skirmishes are reported
."alorig* thV Yalu 'Riven ' Six ' Japanese
soldiers were killed bv Russian: scouts
on April 16. Firing. was heard. on April
.18, but. ¦• the result .of^the. engagement
is, unknown. -; , •;
The ooitpostson the- Island of, Yalu,"
between *, Auju '.arid 'Wiju, i havei'b'een
engaged /, in -."continuall* skirmishes -for
several ." days. , Some • Japan ese , are ': re
ported (to have, been killed.' At 'night,
whemitlie;. Japanese ? return, ..they? dis-
I guisei' themselves "in ithe;; straw.-; cloaks
of^Koreans. '..They aret.nVaking^bass
withr.'bark matting," which ;-they/"< fill
wit h ' earth i and j use V In t building , their
defensive?, works. :¦ • .''-.' >•
Meet Their r Death;" in - an-. Encounter
¦ ¦ ,i ' ; With Russian « Scouts. - .
SIX -JAPANESE KILLED.
avalanche -from the Spitzhorn at 2
o'clock this morning swept the hamlet
of Muehlbach. The inhabitants were
asleep at the time and thirteen were
killed. • . .
Eighteen Inhabitants of Muchlbach
Meet Death by Slide From the
S;>it7.!iom. .
BRIEG, Switzerland, April. 19. — An
SLEEPERS' LIVES CRUSHED
OUT BY AN AVALANCHE
Eccentric Botanist Ends life.
-EAST ST.' LOUIS.. 111.. April 19. —
Henry Eggert. an eccentric botanist,
whose Wealth is estimated at $100,000.
was -found dead . to-day in his home.
He had shot himself through the head
with a revolver. •
King Returns' to London.
LONDON, April 19. — King Edward
and Queen Alexandra arrived' in Lon
don from Copenhagen .to-night and
"drove to Buckingham Palace.
RENO, April 19. — Dennis Maher.
a laborer, aged about 65 years, was
found dead in Riverside mill ditch
here to-day. He was last seen alive
about 12 o'clock last night, when he
left his home, . which is - across • the
ditch in which his body was found. He
was subject to epilepsy and it Is sup'
posed he was attacked* and fell into
the ditch. This is the fourth person
drowned in this ditch within four
months.
Victim Is Supposed to Have Been
Stricken Down by Epileptic
Attack.
LABORER FALLS INTO •
DITCH AND DROWNS
On -the ; maps Mbticnling pars is about
ST. PETERSBURG, Aprillfl.—Cap
tain Heitzensteiri, who commanded the
Vladivostok naval squadron, has . ar
rived at Port Arthur and has hoisted
his pennant on. board the cruiser Ask
old, as commander of. the cruiser "di
vision. ' He " is succeeded at Vladivos
tok by Captain. Yensen. /. '
LONDON. April 20.— The lull in
news from the 'Far East , continues,
there being; nothing new this morning
beyond a vague report from the Stan
dard's correspondent at . Chef u that
heavy firing was heard last night and
that, searchlights'' .were . observed
working. .' None, of the numerous re-]
•ports' of Japanese landings is yet vert-'
fied. " " ; . \*.
TIENTSIN," Ap'ril 20.— It is under
stood here that only. four, Russian regi
ments' retnain on "the Yalu River arid
that' the Russians' . first line of defense
extends' from , Fcnghuanchcng: to' Mo-'
tienling pass. During the last ten days;
many Chinese, refugees " froin 'Man-'
churia haVearrIved"at Tientsin. '
The correspondent also -says that
when it was asserted that one of ¦ the
two Japanese caught in an attempt
to blow up the railway near the Mon
golian frontier was a member, of the
imperial | j family, instructions . were
asked from -St. "Petersburg. The re
ply, according .to the correspondent,
v/as "hang,'.' and the order- was
promptly carried out.
NEW COMMANDER ARRIVES.
SEOUL. Korea, April 19, 6 p. rii.— The
Russians are, strengthening their forti
fications at ChiutienCheng with all
possible haste, and" arc sending in rein
forecmehts'of 'artillery" and" infantry
with the intention of stubbornly con
testing the' expected attempt of the
Japanese^to cross the Yalu River.
PARIS, 'April 20.— According to the
St. Petersburg correspondent of .the
Petite Parisienne, a dispatch received
from Port Arthur says that many'mu
tilated corpses have been cast ashore,
and it is -affirmed that- fragments of
uniforms enabled the authorities to
identify one of- the bodies as that of
Vice Admiral Makaroff:
¦i SEOUL, Korea,: April |19; 6;p..m.^-The
Emperor wajltsHo spend |2,500i0bb; in
the reconstruction; of; the Imperial; Pal-^'
act 1 , • which ivyas; recently idesJxoyedJ'by
ODESSA. April 1 9.— The • last of 'the
survivors of: the .'disasters to the Varia'g
and KorietS' at 'Chemulpo. arrived, here
to-day^ and Wcre'imet by the military
authorities arid cheeringcrowds,' while
the ships in "tlie 'harbor;: were': dressed
in their -: honor. ¦ "¦ ; _»The -- survivors rwere
presented With ' the -St.7' George's cross.
Captain ;Rurneff, -coriimander of .the
Variag.' has b~eenfa'ppoirit < ed"-an aid: to
the Emperor:';:;' - ;! ; ''¦¦••': "¦ «; ,v . ¦;
ST. PETERSBURG/.ApHl 19.^-The
Foreign' Ofiice explains: that the notice'
served. by. Russia regarding newspaper
corresponderitsr.*'ernpl6ylng' ; . wireless
telegraphy^\Ls\'a*.r. natural Jmeasure'. of :
self-protection?v against .j possible '¦ com
riiunlc'atibn with-the-enemy. ; : : -"{{'
* It would be possiblefrom land or.sea
for ¦." cerrespondents;/;,: using ,- wireless
telegraphy, :^ to -"with '* the
enemy". .' -If /an* actual case should Hrise.'
however.. 11 it will. ? ; be 'judged ¦'• on 1 .'its
merits. riA^';-" ' '-¦"-,: .,» £;¦ '¦"¦"•; . .'
SURVIVORS :AT B ODESSA.
Urgent .-orders were'. given to-day, the
correspondent says, to make doors ¦ be-^
tween, air-tight .in .or
der that when* water, flow's "in "thcy^ may
be opened in such a, ; way, as" to main
tain an ¦'equilibrium-: arid diminish ', the
danger of over^high ,'. ,\
¦ PARIS, April correspondent
at St. Petersburg' of the • Echo *de Paris
says Professor ;¦ Criloff ¦ of ' the 5 Nicholas
Naval 'Academy foretold vthat the sys
tem of hon-commuhicating,' compart-;
ments in'ships* 'of -'the""Petropaylovsk
type would -'likely cause" a catastro
phe-if .such : a' -vessel "was struck^ by .''a
torpedo. Then late Makaroff
had agreed .with Prof essdr ' Cfiloff, and
it had been"arrahged'thata'committee <
should meet; at" Port Arthur July/ 10. uri-'
der the presidency ,'of, Viceroy •Alexieff,'
to consider* the- question of* modi
fication: •'.'? .': . v v. - ; ,¦¦ .".¦!.- i-:;^ ;*;^:
ninety miles northwest . of-Chiutieri
cheng, near the mouth bf-the Yalu arrd
about thirty, miles southeast »of -Liad
yang. Fenghiiancheng: is? about .. half
way between I Chiutiencheng j arid -.Mo
tienling pass. \ . ¦ ¦' ' .-•'• * ¦ ' :¦' t '':-->
.;.: It. isVpositively, asserted; that the Cir
cum-Baikal- railroad, ".was, "circuited a
few days 'ago! Construction : trains can
now' pass .around .the lake,, but. the line
will not.be , opened to • troop , trains or
passenger J traffic if or : two -months. ,
', ST.:. PETERSBURG, April '19.— It
was 'claimed- by the general staff to
day that General Ivuropatkin'nbw has
300,000; men, at' the. theater of war,
sufficient^f or. present, reQuirements. A
"prominent offlcer-pMhe staff informed
the* correspondent, of; the ; Associated
Press ithat.-.the ; dispatch of • troops: to
the 'Far 1 East has been suspended for
the present.' ; *» . j
, General" Baron -Stackelberg : has " been
given" command _ of . the . East Siberian
troops, "--. which belong to I the .advance
f or'ces, "^General | Kashtalinsky being in
command. of. the third division, at the
Yalu. Riven ;./ ; . • .: 'v^:
Front.
Russia. Nowv Has 300.000 Men, at the
¦-V--'--. — r — :?— — — ¦ :
KUJlOPATIvIN'S' BIG ARMY.
fire,-but because, of the wretched finan
cial, condition of -the he has
been advised not -.to, undertake this
great expenditure.. It is expected that
the. Japanese will soon, undertake to
reform the finances of Korea.
Russian Trpqps Make Great Haste
to .Strengthen Forts.
CZAR'S REPRESENTATIVE' IN THE FAR EAST. WHO , HAS' RESIGNED;' THE''
FORMER VLADIVOSTOK NAVAL. COMMANDER.rWHO IS 'NOW AT PORT
ARTHUR. AND HIS FLAGSHIP. , ! : ; ,; \ . '" * . * I
HONOLULU, April 19. — The special
session of the Territorial Legislature,
which was convened for the purpose
of providing funds for Territorial ex
penses, adjourned to-day sine die,
having completed the object for which
it was called together. The recom
mendations of Governor Carter were
practically adopted without material
change. The closing scenes in the
House were marked by much enthus
iasm, cheers being: given for Governor
Carter. The session, which convened
April 4, was the shortest in the his
tory of the Territory.
Special Session Adjourns After Adopt
ing Nearly AH of Executive's
Recommenda tions.
HAWAIIAN LEGISLATORS
CHEER GOVERNOR CARTER
.STvpETERSBURG.April
: jo..— Viceroy j Aloxieff-' /-.has
applied- by*; telegraph, to the
Emperor ;to be relieved of liis
position of A'icerdy in trie Far
: East.,: It is expected that the
request will be^imniediately
granted. . iWhile^no official
annouiiceinent has yet been
made there is reason, to be
liev'ethat the alx>ve statement
is correct.
VICEROY SENDS
RESIGNATION TO
THE EMPEROR
¦"•From the .Currie warehouse, 'on
Wellington street, .where it* originated,
the fire spread "with astounding rapid
ity.to' the west, destroying 'the' build
ings occupied ; by -the Eckhardt ,. Casket
Company and .Warwick. Brothers ¦ and
W. . J. "Gage &..Co., and then" jmade" a
clean sweep ¦ up .¦ Wellington :. street'? to
the Queen's 'Hotel. '.The, thick -• :;fire
walis;ofthe hotel and the concentrated
efforts of .the' fire fighters, stopped \ the
flames 'there, and in the ¦ meantime ¦ the
fire ";' had swept across * the i street,' arid
thii_j block: of ••buildings y from -. Bay^
west . to • the. National : Club; ,: were
wiped.' out.;? At'- that: time, the'' firemen'
believed -• Ithe •, fire ', was under,; control,
when • a »shif t in '•. the Wind ' sent Vthe ' fire
Gillespie. Angley & Co., hats: and
furs;' Digrnum & Moneynenny, import
ers; Comfort Soap Works; Davis. &
Henderson,, "wholesale Jes
sdp Steel ! Company's building, occu
pied ' by R. B. Hu'tchinson & Co.,
wholesale woolens; Alcom. Sargent &
Westwood. fishing tackle; Dodd's Med
icine Company; Western Steamship
Company; Richard L. Baker Company,
ageri ts ; \ E.". T. ' Corset Company; C H.
Westwood &' Co.'.". fishing tackle; Gar
land Manufacturing'. 1 Company';, F. H.
Cragg, agent; Rothschilds Bros. & Co.,
manufacturers ;'C W.'.Bangard & Co.,
brokers; . Richie & Ramsay 'Company,
paper manufacturers; 'Thomas Hoskin,
manufacturers'^ agent; Kinleith: Paper
Company; Andrew Muirhead,'. whole
sale paints; E.'W. Gilmore &:Bro.,
silverware; Wr H." Payne &' Co., com
mission agents;' R. . M. Slater &\ Co.,
wholesale . , drygoods; International
Brokers.' , Limited; Gale; Manufactur
ing Company; Whitman & Brown
Bros. 1 , Wholesale stationers; "Ralph
Smith'& Co. 1 , lithographers: George H.
Hess, Son & Co.", Window shades:,Men'
zfes Manufacturing Company, window
shades; H. ; F. Sharp & Co.,' photograph
supplies;' Crown Hotel; Office Special
ty" Company. '. :; "iV 'X
The Evening office and
Brooke *'& CoVs warehouse were bad
ly, damaged. ¦
Chief Thompson, of the, fire depart
ment, and George Dowkes of Montreal
were , cut off by the flames while di
recting the work of firemen from a
roof. Thompson jumped six stories to
the .ground and. miraculously escaped
with- a -broken leg. A mass of tangled
wires broke his fall near, the ground.
Dowkes has not been seen since, .and
it, is believed he perished. Up to'mid
night the follbwing places had been de
strpyed:-. .- , . •..-, ¦>¦ ......
It was believed at 11 o'clock that the
fire was under control, but a sudden
shift in the . wind again . fanned , the
flames into a roar and clouds of sparks
and burning brands were carried down
side streets until .three entire blocks
were doomed. The firemen were mak
ing a gallant fight amid the' falling
buildings and a mass of tangled Wires,
but their efforts at~midnight seemed
to .be fruitless. .,. .
% The fire started in a factory in Wel
lington* street' about 9 o'clock. In ' less
than an hour' the flames had spread
from building, to, building on both aides
of. the street, until the Whole block was
amass of flames and the fire was ut
terly ' beyond control of the local de
partment. A'ppcals'Were sent to every
surrounding city where fire apparatus
could be obtained asking for assistance.
Montreal, London, Hamilton and Buf
falo atonce responded, but it will be
hours before' they can be of assist
ance.
TORONTO, Ont., April 19.— Fire swept
through a section of Toronto's whole
sale business district to-night, caus
.insr : a,ipsa -«btrh^wlH:.'P*obablyj. reach
'lio.'ooo.cw. : ¦ ' i '
It is impossible to secure a list of
the dead, but it Is understood that
among them are the Mexican fireman
and the express man and engineer,
Americans.'
The train was running at a high
rate of speed when a defective rail
precipitated the locomotive, the ex
press and baggage cars, the first, sec
ond and* third class coaches down an
embankment, demolishing them.
The two Pullmans were the only
cars which did not leave the track
and those occupying them received no
injury beyond a severe shaking up.
MEXICO CITY. April 19.—North
bound fast passenger train No. 1 on
the Mexico Central, which left this
city last nigrht. jumped the track about
"four* kilometers liiorTh of '2acatecas to
day, the wreck resulting in the death
of eight persons and the -injury of
thirty-five or forty others.
LONDON'. .April 19. — Lady Con
stance McKenzie, niece of ttfe" Duke of
Sutherland and well known '.in the.
Uiilled States, waa married. to Sir Ed
ward Austen Richardson, Bart., at
Pitfour. Perthshire, to-day.
Wedding of Nobility.
By a vote of 151' to 115 the Hearst
resolution of indorsement was turned
down in the convention this afternoon.
After the report of the committee on
platform and resolutions had been read.
R. G. Smith of Josephine stepped
to the platform and asked the chair
man for permission to speak.
"I offer this as a resolution," said
Smith- "I will let the clerk read it."
The little piece of paper was a resolu
tion to the effect that the Oregon dele
gates to the national convention should
be. instructed for Hearst and thus the
long expected dynamite bomb was
flung 1 Into the expectant convention.
•*Be It resolved," read the clerk, "that
our delegates to the Democratic na
tional convention, to be held at St.
Louis on July 4, 1904, be and they are
hereby instructed to vote tor the Hon.
William Randolph Hearst, and that
they take all honorable means to se
cure his nomination.*' '
The moment that the clerk finished
a score of the boomers were on their
feet in all parts of the hall, shouting
6econds to the motion. Jeffrey of Mar
ion rose to a point of order, but his
•
Continued on Pace 5, Column 0.
The Hearst slate was smashed and
only a piece or two was saved in the
election of delegates to the national
convention this evening. The delegates
are as follows: Governor George E.
Chamberlain, Portland; W. F. Butch
er. Baker City; J. B. Matlock, Hepp
ner; C. E. Redfleld, Eugene; F. V. Hol
man, Portland; James Gleason, Port
land; T. R. Sheridan, Roseburg; Sam
M. Garland. Linn.
They are uninstructed. None of these
men are for Hearst, except, perhaps, in
a case of a scramble for the band
wagon. Six of the eight have expressed
etrong anti-Hearst views, and only one
has shown anything like a preference
for the representative in Congress from
New York.
"Governor Chamberlain," said Ga
tens. "told me yesterday afternoon not
to allow his name to be mentioned, and
if it should be presented to withdraw
it, as it was against his wishes."
SLATE SMASHED.
lor the Presidential office. Last night
the Hearst managers declared war on
the Democratic State Central Commit
tee and resolved on an attempt to
sc:ze the organization of the State con
vention this morning. Better counsel
prevailed before the delegates were
called to order by Chairman Sam White
of Baker City. The temporary offi
cers named by him went through with
out a dissenting voice.
Between the motion for the ap
pointment of the committees and their
selection the time was occupied by the
delegates from each judicial district
more for the discussion of Hearst's
candidacy and prospects of election
than in the selection of committee
men. Hearst men from the country
precincts were rampant, but the con
servative element from the cities
seemed to serve as a check on them.
The final real damper on the Hearst
people came when \V. X. Gatens, sec
retary to Governor Chamberlain, read
a letter from his chief. Chamberlain's
r.ame had been used both to promote
#nd to injure Hearst's candidacy and,
refusing to be used as a tool by either
Bide, the Governor authorized his sec
retary to withdraw his name if it w^ere
mentioned for the office of Vice Pres
ident.
rORTLA_ND. April 19.— Routed at all
points, Hearst's agents will return to
California with nothing to show for
ihv large sums and time fruitlessly ex
r-r.n-sc: p> i!'...u}u.i...iu InsliUSr the
democratic party of the Stave of Ore
gon whom it should name as its choice
Robert W. Taylcr. leading counsel for
the opposition Jo < Senator Smoot. ar
rived:.in town to-day to/continue" the
hearings..~THe is much disappointed at
the inability of the committee to ob
tain the Mormon witnesses desired, be
cause-he expected to J?rove by them
that .hiuh .officials .of : the church are
still encouraging polygamy in spite of
the manifesto of 1S90. >*. / .
There is an undisguised feeling of re
sentment in the committee at the fail
ure of the Mormon witnesses to an
swer ' the subpoenas. President Smith
of the. Mormon church when -he ap
peared before the committee said that
he would see to it that all Mormon-of
ficials whose testimony was desired
would be present when .wanted. . I '
The impression prevails among many
Senators that Smith deliberately failed
to keep his word and is responsible for
the non-appearance of the witnesses
since a word from him would command
their appearance. .£ >£ •
WASHINGTON, April 15.— On ac>
count of the inability of the Senate
CommUteeT*oh?Privileges and Elections
-to* obtain the. presence of important
Mormon witnesses, the Reed-Sraoot
hearings, .which will be resumed to
morrow; will amount to little less tban
a failure so far as additional testimony
is concerned. Only* Gentile witnesses
have put in an appearance 'and those
officers of the Mormon church who are
expected to give important evidence on
the question of the continued practice
of polygamy are in hiding.
This, new series of hearings will
therefore occupy only two or three
days when the committee will arrange
for sending a sub-committee to Utah
to take, further evidence and Investi
gate on the spot the doings of the Mor
mon . church. It is now certain . that
no action will be taken on the question
of .declaring Smoot's chair vacant at
the present session .and the whole ques
tion will so over until after .the na
tional election.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Neighboring Towns in Ontario Hurry
. Apparatus to the Scene of the
Terrible Disaster.
Choice of Men Who Will Take Part in
Naming of Candidate Is
Quickly Ikde.
President Smith Suspected of Haiing
Been Instrumental in Preventing
Further Hearing.
Senate Committee May Try
-to Gain Information
in Utah.
Go?ernor Chamberlain Is
One of Party's Rep
resentatives.
Forty Persons Suffer Severe Injuries
in the Crash and Among Them
Are Two Americans.
Coaches Topple Down an
Embankment Near.
Zacatecas.
Firemen Are Hemmed In by
the Blaze and One Is
Eight Lives Lost in
Train Wreck in
Mexico.
Smoot Investigation
Is in Peril of
Failure.
Go to Convention at
St. Louis Unin
structed.
Conflagration Ruins
Several Blocks in
Toronto, -
MILLIONS
ARE LOST
IN FLAMES
MORMONS
WITH HOLD
WITNESSES
FAST CARS
ARE HURLED
FROM RAILS
OREGON'S
DELEGATES
IT BOUND
PARIS, April 20.— The Journal prints a dispatch from its corresponds p.m., which says it
is affirmed that a fresh battle is raging at Port Arthur. : V; ¦ ? :
ST. PETERSBURG, April 19.— All sorts of rumors are current in this city, the most persistent; of -which is that the battle
ship Sevastopol and the protected Cruiser Pallada have been in collision and that one was much damaged.
BATTLE RAGES AROUND PORT ARTHUR FORTS
RUSSIAN WARSHIPS REPORTED IN COLLISION
THE WEATEEE,
Forecast mad* at Baa Fran
cisco for thirty hours endinff
mlflnlrtt, April 30:
San Francisco and vicinity —
Occasional lijrht showers; llarht
southerly winds, changing to
westerly. A. G. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
THE THEATZ28.
Aleasar — "The Fxiiky Mrs.
• ' Johnson." ;
California — "The Greatest Thtnsr
t ¦ in the World." '• '¦- •:
Central — "Tne 'White Squadron."
Chute*— Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Bnnnlnr for Office."
riicher'a— "Chow Chow."
Grand— "Holty Toity." -
Majestic — "The Crisis." ' :
Orphenm — Vaudeville. Matinee
' To-Day.
Tivoli — "The Besnrar Student.'.'
VOLUME XCV— NO. 142.
The San Francisco CallSOXJTHERN PACIFIC ASKED
TO PAY HEAVY DAMAGES
;. SALT LAKE CITY, April 1 9.— Dam- 1
age suits aggregating > Sl'55,000 were*
filed against the ,' Southern Pacific
Company in the Federal court* to-day,"
the three , suits .involving, the amount
"asked being. the" outcome of the disas
trous explosion :6n ¦ the >Lucin? cutoff.
February 19. when "ja v score/ or /more
persons 'were., killed, i most of them be
ing Greek 'laborers." '.¦; -."¦ y-V ¦*
RETRIBUTION'S PRESENCE.
DISTURBS -/MINE MANAGER
WASHINGTON, "April \. 19.— James
Dietrick, manager / , of .'..*' an '/American
mining -'company operating ,1 iti;Nica.
ragua, has .lodged -with". Secretary- Hay
a ; vigorous Jprotest v against .' the .^action
of I the British s Government in sending
the -Retribution" to^ the>Mos-"
quito Coast • to coerce /the; loyal ; Njca'
raguan /' bfflcersj V-^lb I he V alleges. The
State) pepartment' has the' protest un
der: considerationr- ' ¦ ,.
Senator Offers Amendment to De
ficiency Bill.
PERKINS AXD CHINESE.
WASHINGTON. April 19. — Senator
Perkins has proposed an . amendment
to the deficiency bill which will be
reported to the Senate to-morrow
containing a provision for the exclu
sion of Chinese. The provision is sim
ilar to that offered in the House as a
bill by Representative iHitt.- This bill
was prepared in the office ofi the
torney General and was submitted to
a number of legal minds and: passed
muster as meeting conditions ; when the
treaty with China* shall 'have 'expired.
Both Sides Declare That Fight Is On
In Earnest Without Hope of
,¦ Compromise, v ( .
5 There has-been no'change in the sit
uation between; the Stablemen's Union
and the Stable and Carriage Owners'
Association. Both- sides * : are confident
that they ;* will win i , out ' and : declare
positively that there/ shall be no com
promise. . "v t :3;-;
The owners, after ; an executive ses
sion, 'issued, a circular: in- which -they
said 4 theyiwere forced by existing af-]
fairs to post the ; "open shop" rules and
that, the demands of the different
ployes were ; excessive and "to .comply
with which meant ' disaster, to the own-'
ers. . ; .. '.':' ;;.,,.';> ,*-¦ ;' / Y,£ \; ; ¦. V ¦
.In reply the; stablemen say that the
members of. thelr,union are being shut
out without, provocation. - .. [.'
Both organizations.-will;*;hold.'meet
ings: to-day. ,/ , ,\
stablemen stili/5; at ' / ..
,; ;: outs with employers
SAX- FRANCISCAN DIES §
"¦ rt. 1 ON "TRAIN AT COLUMBUS
Letters and Money Order' Found in
1 Pockets ' Indicate That. His Name
Was; Richard O'Neill. *
COLUMBUS, Nebr., April. 19.—Rich
ard O'Neill, Well dressed and apparent
ly about 28 years of age, a passenger
on the Union Pacific overland. No. 2, eh
route from San Francisco to New .York
City, died very suddenly of heart dis
ease, just before the; train reached this
city this evening. ' '• .,'
He had $21 75 in currency and a for
eign . postoffice order issued at ¦ San
Francisco "for 89 pounds 10 shillings ; 6
pence: He had also good letters of rec
ommendation t from" his . emplpyers at
San. Francisco. *, The : remains are be
ing iheld .here, by Undertaker Gass.
Those onHhe: train say that from f the
first ' attack until he died was only
about nine minutes.
EASTERN CROPS HURT *
: & f j / BY RIGOROUS WEATHER
In ; Districts East of Rocky Mountains
Growth Is Retarded — Wheat on
Coast Is Flourishing.
WASHINGTON, April 19. — The
Weather Bureau's weekly summary of
crop conditions follows :
-.In nearly all the districts east of the
Rocky Mountains ; the week ending
April 18 was unseasonably cold and
very unfavorable* for germination and
growth. Farm}:w"6rk, however, in the
Missouri Valley and Southern and Mid
dle Atlantic States made very favor
able progress, but^inthe northern dis
tricts practically nothing has been done.
The States of the" upper lake region
were covered with snow to a consid
erable depth during the latter part of
the week. The Pacific Coast States and
Rocky j Mountain districts reported a
week of highly favorable conditions,
but severe drought continues from Cen
tral and. Western "Texas to 'the South
Pacific Coast. • - <¦ ;-~
In Missouri and over the greater por
tion of ' Kansas and; Nebraska winter
wheat has made good . growth, but
needs warmer weather. Winter .wheat
has made splendid growth on the Pa
cific Coast and particularly in Wash
ington and in" Oregon. ', Spring wheat
seeding has been' in active progression
the North Pacific Coast, about one-half
the area in Washington haying, been
sown.! !'.
' In the Mississippi Valley seeding 'has
been active and is well advanced, hav
ing been finished In Kansas. The early
sown in' these* sections ¦ is making
a slow start. In' the Southern States
the crop as a whole is doing well, but
Js in need of rain in' Oklahoma! ¦
Fruit has experienced a week of good
conditions throughout the centrar val
leys, Middle ; Atlantic and Southern
States, . and : while the reports indicate
that much injury v has been done , by
frosts and freezing temperatures good
prospects due principally^ to the .late
ness of the season continue in many
sections. >
they Troay ' be required by the board
for examination to determine their
fitness' for-prOmotion: First Lieutenant
Samuel M. Watexhouse, assistant sur
geon uriiled r States Army; First Lieu-,
tenant 'Benjamin J. Edger Jr., assist- 1
ant surgeon. 'Upon completion of his
examination Lieutenant Waterhouse
will comply' with the requirements of
paragraph 10/ special orders 43, Feb
ruary 20,', 1904, War Department.
Orders "of "the Navy Department —
Paymaster's Clerk Fred Hunt has
been appointed, for duty in the navy
yard. Mare Island.
The following; patents have been is
sued: Calif orniaV- George Bauer, Sac
ramento, ratchet wrench; George E.
Brown, assignor half, J. H. Wright,
Selma, pad or tree protector; Thomas
O. Butterworth, San Francisco,-hitch
ing post; Charles Canclim, Stockton,
ore car; John Coates, H-emet, *. power
transmitting; (Bertram F. Edwards,
San Francisco, safety.attachment for
gas cocks; Charles E.Grapewine, as
signor G. , W. Beck, I Los 'Angeles,
'power dredger;* Stephen- C.'Coughton,
San Francisco, hitching post; William
J. Tory/, San Francisco, electrolytic
deposition apparatus; James E. Ey
man, San Jose, fruit or berry box;
George W. Menefee, Berkeley, wind
lass; George L. Rose, Pasadena, steam
generator; Charles R. Wilson, San
Francisco, treating fruits.
Oregon — William T. Lyon, Portland,
dental appliance; James N. Stacey,
Portland, machine for sealing, and
stamping envelopes.
Washington— John Manderson. as
signor half H. J. Bancroft, Seattle,
sharpening attachment hank cutters
and feeders; John H. Coke, Black Dia
mond, gas holder; Christopher O.
Cole, Whatcom, automatic pipe coup
ling; Joseph N. Noyer, Gould City,
wrench;, Albert V. Wallace. Alki, land
roller; Henry H. -Warner;* Tacoma, let
ter box; John F. Yoho, Seattle, fan
and mirror attachment for rocking
chairs.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OX THE PACIFIC COAST
Po**office Station Will Be Located in
Mills Building— Army and Xavy
Orders.
WASHINGTON, April 19.^-The
proposition of H. H. Taylor, agent of
the Mills building, San Francisco," to
leas* room on the first floor of the
building for the use of PostofRce Sta
tion Thirty-six was accepted to-day. .'
. The following changes among
fourth-class postmasters have been
made: California — Dana, Shasta
County. David Ripley. vice Samuel O.
Rock, resigned; Lowden's Ranch,
Trinity County, Frederick S. Lowden,
vice Owen E. Lowden, dead. '
Otto C. Gregor and Clifton H. Cor
mlck. both of Eureka. Cal.. have been
admitted to practice before the In
terior Department. ;
¦ Order* of the War Department—
The following n&merd officers will re
port to Lieutenant Colonel George H.
Torney. .deputy surgeon general, . pres
ident of the examining board convened
at the United, States Army ,.- General
Hospital, Presidio, at such time as
OFFICER GIVES DENIAL.
Japanese Captain Says -Navy Has No
' Submarine Boats. '..''¦
LONDON, April 2O.-^Captain Ka
baehi,-the new. Japanese attache, who
has recently arrived . in London from
Japan, denies positively that there are
any .submarine vessels In the Japanese
navy. , - /. ',
j The "captain says he anticipates a
combined- attacklby land and sea on
Port' Arthur and." the commencement
of military operations in earnest next
month.; ./¦'.-. •.-,:>''•--
ST. PETERSBURG, April .19.— The
population' of Vladivostok is in" want
of the most necessary kinds of provi
sions, and in consequence of the flood
ed rivers, which interrupt communica
tion, it, is impossible to furnlsn them
supplies. There is also a s^rcity of
money.
Many inhabitants, particularly the
women and children, are leaving the
city, abandoning their property, which
they are unable to sell.
Half of the houses in Vladivostok
are empty and the civilian population is
already . reduced to 5000.
Money Is Scarce, and. People Are De
', serting the City.
VLADIVOSTOK DESOLATE.
Prominent Educator Dies.
ST. LOUIS, April 18.— Professor
Thomas R. Vickroy, * well known
among educators as an advocate of
phonetic spelling, is dead at his home
from heart disease, aged 71 years.
Customs Collector^ Stratton was no
tified by the Secretary of the Treas
ury yesterday that Count Cassini, the
Russian Minister at Washington, had
communicated to the Secretary of
State the following order issued, by
the Russian commander at Port Ar
thur: 'i^':-,:.. .
Any public or merchant vessel naviffating
waters In which military "noerat Ions are car
ried on detected at night without shipping
lights on board or by day without a flag, and
which after warning: by. the firing -of a gun
will not show its colors, will be considered to
be an enemy and sunk.
Warning to Merchant Ships.
The' commercial depression in the
United Kingdom Was aggravated by
the conditions in South Africa. The
revenue for 1903-04 was $13,620,000
below the estimate, while the expendi-i
tures exceeded the estimate by 515,
035,000. The repeal of the duty on
wheat had been more costly than an
ticipated, without affording the con
sumer the relief expected. The net
total deficit for the fiscal year was
$27,075,000.
Chamberlain estimated the expendi
ture of 1904-5 at $714,400,000, and the
revenue on the basis of E the existing
taxation at $695,300,000, leaving- a defi
cit of $19,100,000 to be made up. He
proposed, therefore, to increase the in
come tax by. two cents. ' He also pro
posed an additional tax of four cents
per pound on tea. The Chancellor fur
ther proposed a readjustment of the to
bacco tax, imposing a duty of 81' cents
on tobacco ' stripped; before ~ imported,
also an additional duty of 12 cents on
cigars" and "an additional 75 cents on
foreign cigarettes. ' -
Chamberlain proposed also to raise
the moisture limit to 32 per cent and
introduce three or four different rates
in the drawbacks, which . he hoped
would increase Great Britain's tobacco
export trade, especially. to the colonies.
The net gain by these tobacco changes
was estimated at. $2,750,000. •
"• LONDON,; April 19.— The widespread
interest in the presentation of the bud
get to-day was evinced by the crowded
state- of the -House' of Commons. Long
before the Chancellor of the Exche
quer, Austen Chamberlain, rose, to
.make his statement every part of the
House was filled. Joseph Chamber
lain was ;present to hear his son, as
was Mrs. Chamberlain. The former
Colonial" Secretary, whose first public
appearance, it was since his return from
abroad,. met wtfh a greatreception from
the occupants of trie'. .Ministerial
benches, while the Nationalists invited
him toi v slng : "Rule Britannia" and
greeted him with shouts of "pigtail.".
Austen \Chamberlain opened his
speech by commenting on the difficul
ties of his position,; the: great. wave of
Britain had
€-njoyQd*s6"l6ng having spent its force
and given place. sto'. a v less' prosperous
cycle. .•¦'r'.Th.e.-'lndu'strtes of Great Bri
tain, especially, the cotton "* industry,
were depressed and foreign competi
tion was keener than ever. The mar
kets in which Great Britain had here
tofore been supreme were increasingly
threatened. . ¦. • "¦¦' v £3i? : i-h : uiir.':'.--- ¦
As the result; of an explosion of a
kerosene lamp last; evening at 443
Eleventh street Mrs. J. P. Sharkey was
severely.burned on the face, arms and
hands, and the ¦ building and contents
were damaged by fire and water to
the extent of $1200. \ :
¦ Shortly after 8 o'clock Mrs. Shar
key,-; who conducts a ; confectionery
store at the Eleventh-street address,
lit <; aT hanging' lamp: in the establish
ment. -¦ In, order to reach the ,wlck she
was compelled to stand on a chair.
The match had hardly been applied
when there w-as an explosion, and
owing to the unfortunate woman's
proximity to the lamp the blazing oil
was scattered # over the upper portion
of her body. She ran screaming with
pain and terror into the ' street, and
several members of 2 9 '"engine, "': half a
block"; away,- hastened , to v her, assist
ance. By- wrapping, their coats about
her the firemen extinguished the blaz
ing garments.
'/ The fire in the store' had \ assumed a'
threatening aspect; by this 'time, ; ne
cessitating; an- : alarm ' from box 185.
Engine Compajay ' 29 was on the scene
in a. moment, and upon, the arrival of
the other • apparatus • the flames '. were
soon under control." " [ . : :
Mrs.: Sharkey Was conveyed to the
Central - Emergency, ; Hospital. : The
burns, : which * are -of v the second de
greei are not regarded as necessarily
fatal,-;,.'" '¦';../; .v ;.'%, ; .'.;
' J. F.' Kelly and his family occupied
the ..'upper, portion -of ..the building as a
'dwelling-place^ and consid
erable damage.' j 4 'i No ' insurance ,"3V F as
"carried'-by eitherrof ;the tenants. '
Mrs. J. P. Sharkey Sustains Serious
Injuries and Frame Building Is
. Damaged by Fire.
WO3IAX BADLY BURNED
;: BY AN EXPLODING LAMP
-Annie Rcsen;. 8' years old, .'of. Jersey
City -Heights, i is said tobe^one of the
mathematical ¦ marvels of the day. ,
Andrew J. Reavey,. a plumber, was
run down and instantly killed by'; an
electric car flying westward on Bry
ant street' shortly after 8 o'clock -last
night. :Vf"i : '- : ¦ -. ' . .-.¦ : ; ¦.;/ ¦
The accident occurred^ about .100
feet west of Fourth street, and owing
to the darkness of ( that portion of the'
block the terrible death of the man
was seen by none save the conductor,
E. E. Bryant
Those that saw the big car rush by
say it was running at a high speed.
Motormani Melanephy admits that he
saw an object lying acrpss the track,
but thought it was a stuffed dummy
placed there by mischievous children
of the.neighborhood. ,-
As the heavy car rushed over the
body of the unfortunate victim] there
was not the slightest Jar to indicate
that anything unusual had transpired,
and had not E.; E. . . Bryant, the I con
ductor, chanced^ to 'see the'3'awful
sight^pf a.tman's:body being dragged
'iinae'ri the* -feWr trucks it is doubtful
•whether, It would have ever been known
what car had killed the* unfortunate
victim, i '--iZI-'
When the car was brought to a
stop it was found that;. the body was
mangled beyond recognition. The
corpse was completely decapitated, and
small portions ( of flesh were strewn
over two blocks. ' •
The ' remains were removed . to the
Morgue . and Motorman Melanephy
taken to the Hall of Justice, .where he
was charged with manslaughter. He
was later, released on bail.
i Melanephy said last » night that his
car was running at an eight-mile rate,
and that he was not aware of the ac
cident'until 'notified : by. the; con
ductor. ,
; Andrew. ', Reavey was a brother . of
James Reavey, Factory Inspector for
the Board of Public Works, and
Thomas Reavey. an engineer employed
at the Almshouse. --*. : ,l->v~
Austin Ghamberlain Out}
lines Plan for Eemoying
Deficit by Increased Taxes
Unfortunate Man Is Ground
Beneath -Wheels Before
Motorman Learns of It.
ANDREW REAVEY
KILLED BY CAR
NEW BUDGET
IS PRESENTED
ST. PETERSBURG, April 19.—Inves
tigation into the . explosion ; that Ipc-^
curred last Wedrtesday iiighff at "the
Hotel Du Nord, on Nevsky Prospekt,
showed that the Infernal mdehine was
charged with melinite. ' ,;' >¦: •
The* author" of the outrage, who was
killed by the explosion, ;has not been
identified; He had two .forged ", pass
ports, bearing the names of' prominent'
Special Disp'at^h^to The" Call.
officials. "Papers found showed he ref
cehtly 1 ; reside'd *ih 'Paris and", that "he
wajg,. connected with', the murder of M.
Sipiaguirie, Minister of the Interior. • '.
It is believed that the bomblwas In
tended.- toj^be used; against the' Min
isters as they .were welcoming at' Mos
cow the survivors of the V»riag arid
Koriets, which were sunk at Chemul
po;^ or -at* the*unveilihg of .the *monu
nientrto III., at -Moscow in
the' v pre8ence'of the Czar.' , ! !
Police of: StA Petersburg^ Find Papers
That Bomb Victim Carried.
: ST.; PETERSBURG, April 19.— Vice
Admiral Skrydloff arrived here to-day
on his way .to the. Far "East, where he
will take command of the Russian fleet
at s Port Arthur. He was accorded an
enthusiastic reception by the people
who thronged the. streets. \
4 jj The vast Zenamifskaia 'square, op
posite the Nicholas Railroad station,
was black .with people,- and the police
guarding the platform Vere quite un
able-to cope with the .'crowds which
brpice through the cordon and rushed
toward the train! ."•' •¦':" . •
J; There were repeated outbreaks of
enthusiastic cheers as the admiral left
the _car_and jj from the v bareheaded
throng a peasant stepped out and pre
sented Admiral Skrydloff with a copy
of :a. picture entitled "The Holy Virgin
of Joy toV the Afflicted," which is re
puted . to .have miraculous Dower.
The peasant also presented the ad
miral • with 1 ; consecrated bread, telling
Skrydloff that • he saluted him In the
name of ( the masses of the Russian
peopled all \ of • whose • hopes depended
on him as the hero of , the Russo-
TurKish/waV.; :
.5' ••The people are : convinced," added
'the spokesman, V ','that Admiral Skryd
loff "will Justify the hopes, of the Em
peror and the fatherland and, like the
Virgin whose picture has Just been
given .him, will', bring Joy, and that
soon, to a people now afflicted."
The Admiral, who was visibly affect
ed, took the picture, declaring that he
accepted It as \ a happy presage, and
adding that he'w~ould not part with the
picture throughout. the campaign and
that he would put all his faith In God.
A representative of the middle classes
presented the admiral with a picture
of St. Theodosius, the miracle worker
bf'Czerniakqff. The admiral then en
tered a carriage and drove off, followed
by deafening . shouts of ' "Long live
Skrydloff!"
Addressing the newspaper men, the
admiral declared he was deeply sensi
ble'of the kindness shown him. Subse
quently. Skrydloff called on the Grand
Duke Alexis, high admiral, and Vice
Admiral Avellan, chief of the Ad
miralty.
To-morrow he will be received in
audience by the Emperor and Em
press. Probably he will return % to
Sebastopol on Saturday to formally
hand over the Black Sea fleet tc* his
successor. -.v.^-- > ".'.*j . ' .'..;
ST. PETERSBURG, April 19.— The
immediate cause for the Viceroy's ap
plication for retirement is reported to
foe the appointment of Vice Admiral
Skrydloff, one of Admiral Alexieff 's
strongest enemies and sharpest critics,
as successor to the late Vice Admiral
Makaroff in command of the Russian
navy in the Far East.
Vice AdmirarSkrydloff had an In
terview with the Emperor to-day and
discussed with his. Majesty the ques
tion of his (Skrydloff's) relations with
Alexieff. The relieving from command
of Viceroy Alexieff would not surprise
intelligent observers of the Far East
ern situation who are familiar with
the gradual change In the Emperor's
attitude toward the Viceroy and M.
Bezebrazoff, who represented the mili
tant or advanced element, which was
anxious that Russia should remain in
Manchuria. ; -^
It was to these two men that the
Anglo-Japanese entente first lost its
friends. They believed that Great
Britain would not goto war and that
Japan could not do so. To the Indig
nation of Japan they succeeded in
turning the policy of the empire from
carrying out the treaty for the entire
evacuation of Manchuria, pending fur
ther demands on China.
On August 12 last, after Japan had
submitted an inquiry as to whether or
not Russia was disposed to reopen the
negotiations respecting Manchuria and
Korea, a Viceroyalty in the Far East,
a special Secretary of State and an ad
visory committee were created, Alexieff
being appointed Viceroy and Bezebra
zoff Secretary of Sfate.
Seventeen days after the appoint
ments were made M. Witte, who had
been opposed to the policy of Alexieff
and Bezebrazoff, was relieved of his
portfolio as Minister of Finance.
It was through his new official ad
visers that the Emperor conducted ne
gotiations with Japan, and It is
claimed that they misjudged the' tem
per and purpose of the Japanese and
left the Emperor in ignorance of the
preparations for war which Japan was
making and the rising spirit of that
empire.
The enemies of Alexieff have persist
ently asserted that as the man on the
spot he should have kept the Emperor
informed. concerning these vital points.
.On [the; eve of the war Alexieff ap
pareritlyiBtUT had the confidence of the
Czar, but'ithe lack of preparedness of
the Port!' Arthur fleet, as shown in the
pases of : the battleships Retvizan and
Cesarevitch, called the attention of the
Emperor to the slackness of the naval
administration in the Far East,
w* .The- anti- Alexieff party in St. Peters
•burgrboidjthat Vice "Admiral Stark,
who 1 ; was-the.»Vfcerqy.!s_ representative,
yvas responsible under him for the first
reverses at Port Arthur. Vv-.y;-,
Fervent Farewells
on Day of De
parture.
Politics Has Part
in Alexieff s
Troubles.
New Commander
the Enemy of the
Viceroy.
Officer Starts for
Post at Port
Arthur.
SKRYDLOFF THE CAUSE
.• THE SAN FRANGISGOxCALIi,^ WEDNESDAY, APRIT. 20, 1904.
r *A "great" flattie* is reported to have been foughfat Port Arthur.
Two n warships v of the Port Arthur fleet hud a collision and one
Is badly damaged. -¦' - : V: ,
Admiral Alexieff has asked the Emperor to, relieve him from the
Ticeroyalty and i it ~~ is expected in ' St. Petersburg; '-. that his request
will be at onoc "granted. < No j successor is likely to be appointed.
; Russian troops, according to a report from General Ma, have
moved west, of the LJao River and the Chinese are being restrained
with difficulty from making an attack.
The Russian, general staff, announced that 300,000 men , had
reached Manchuria and that the dispatch of troqps would for the
present bo discontinued. Skirmishing' was 1 reported to be- almost
continuous along : the .Yalu,' with ""minor losses. "No serious engage
mcnt',has yet takeniplace. ... ;" ¦£¦. ] [ ; . _" ; ,:,. ,_ ,-; - # - '. r .
SUMMARY OF WAR NEWS IN THE GALL
2
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Get the
Spring
Habit. . Thousands are greatly
benefiited by it. It is the taking
of Hood's Sarsaparilla in the
spring— the best medicine for pu-
rifying the blood," clearing the
complexion and building up the
whole system.
Fifteen thousand testimonials
received in 1903! An average of
fifty __; every business day— one
year's record, unprecedented, in
the history of- medicine, and su-
perabundant evidence .of un-
equaled merit. , . '
r After the cold winter a hot
summer is predicted. Prepare. for
it ; by building up the system with
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Sold everywhere. Get, only
Hood's. -• '.'_'- ..,¦¦•¦
Mara Island, and Vallsjo 8te«"|fiTs^ '.
•' Steamer GEN. FKISBIE or M0NT1CELLO—
9 : 43 a. m., 3 : 15 and 8 :30 p/. m.; \ except Sunday
Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave Valleii
7 a m.> 12 :30 and i « p. m.; except Sunday
Sunday, f 7 s a.- m.; 4:15 p. m. Fare, i5O cents.'
.^TCH a BRol°t Pler . M la ,ion-.t. i do<2
DB. SHOOP'S BEMEDIES.
WHAT TEA DOES TO
RHEUMATICS.
Wb«n yon next take tea, think of this.
Tea contains 115 jprain* of Uric
in every pound.
Meat contain* only ftva to seven
Rheuraatlism la Uric Add In the blood.
Uric AdA accumulates from food when
the di«e*tlve apparatus cannot create
enough Alkaline elements (like ***!&) to
neutralize it
Thi» 'Add collects urea, or worn-oat
waste matter, from the system.
That Urea enters the blood when Alka-
line action has not previously <Us-
eolved it.
By and by the waste matter reaches
th« Joints and muscle*, through circula-
tion of the blood.
There It - gradually deposits In solid
particles, like srannlated sugar.
These solid particles grind between
the Joints and muscles at every move-
ment.
This crtnding causes Irritation ani
pain. . .¦,.'*
These In turn may de-velop ixLflamm*/-
tion and swellins;. That inflammation
bestirs Nature to help herself.
8 he proceeds to coat the hard Uric par-
ticles over with cushions of palpy mo-
oous. like the first healing- strata of aa
outer sore. . *
This pulpy corertng grows to th«
bones, as well as to the particles deposit-
ed. There It hardens like plaster ,or
sealing wax. -Thsn w« bars "tony
Joints, 7 ' almost Inflexible, and usually
ixed in a bended position, from the pain
and Inflammation.
That is Rheumatism at tta worst.
It is bad enough before it gets tfca*
far. . ¦¦ . 1
There is but one sure way of ecrlsf-
Rheumatlsm. The first step is to neutral-
ize ths Uric Add already In the system.
Next, to dissolve, and carry away, ths
hard deposits that grind " between the
Joints. Then get the digestive apparatus
Into such healthy condition thai It will,
unaided, produce less Uric Add, ana
more Alkaline*.
This is what Doctors generally hart
failed to do.
It Is what I studied a lifetime to ac-
complish, aod achieved only after many
failures and thousands of experiments.
At last I found, in Germany, a Solvent
which was not only effective, but abso-
lutely safe to usa
Few agents powerful enough to be ef-
fective in Rheumatism ore safe. ¦
My discovery, now called "Dr. Shoop •
Rheumatic Cure." acts directly, but in-
ternally, upon Uric Add In the Joints
and muscles.
It dissolves, and carries off, the pain-
ful deposits, producing an Immediate Al-
kaline condition of the blood, and neu-
tralizing the Acid in it which would
have fed the Rheumatism and extended
the disease. _, .
It won't restore bony Joints to flexibil-
ity, and it can't undo, in a week, tb«
damage caused by years of rheumatlo
condition.
But it will benefit every ease, and it
will entirely cure most cases of Rheuma-
tism.
So sure am I of this, that I will supply
Dr. Shoop's Rheumatic Cure, to any sick
one who writes me for it. on a month's
trial, at my risk. . / •
If it succeeds, the cost to him Is only
$5.50 for the six bottle treatment.
If it fails. I bear the whole cost my-
self.
And — he alone shall be the Judge-
shall decide who shall pay.
Surely you will' not continue to suffer
when you can thus get well, at my risk.
I have written an important Treatise
on Rheumatism, telling of its relief and
cure.
It is free to Rheumatic people.
Write me a post card for it to-day.
Address Dr. Snoop, box 3630, Racine,
Wls. ' ' •f';'-'"----
P. S.— Simple eases often yield to on*
bottle of Dr.' Shoop's Rheumatic Cure.
{Druggists tf-) But all druggists do
not' supply it' on 'a monWs trial. Yon
must turtle to ttte for that.' C.I.S.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
iMUSEUH OF ANATOMY)
$ £)& 1!51 fcUOT ST. *t etksTtt, iJ.UL A
*. Sf Th« L»J«»t Aa«t— leal Mm«m» (¦' t>« \
i\ jgVT W«r!cL Weakse*M» or aay cemtxactcd A
i Ra@I dUease *Mltiv*lr nr*4 By tke o!4e%t T
0 fSfSSI »l»«a»il«t on lie Cout E«Lj*y««rt. Q
6 J^J DR. JORDAH-BiSEASES OF MEN A
\ W €j§&H C»»«»lt»B«« trt* ud (trktlr prime. \
M i 0 vt M Tr«taieiit pcrtou'.lj er by 1«tter. A M
\ B W H '*•*•*'• Aar * la "try e»i« uod«rt»kea. T
A r n B I* wmi fof B«i. psiL*«ora y *r i
f • I i^ BABauci, mmlso r»it. ( aF
Aft (} «hj«bl« bMk for m) \
V OB. JO BO AN * CO.. 1M1 Market St. 8. F. 9
" . OCEAN TBAVZL.
-ygtP^f^ Steamer* leave Broadway
/C^^^SsV "Carves, Plen 9 and 11.
fwt£ ' 8*n Francisco.
/if HT)UJ sj. \U\ For Ketchikan, Wraa»el.
1 / Vl^^*a I I J"°eau. Haines, SXagway.
I \ \wmA/ / « tc - Alaska— 11 a. m.. Apr.
W\-U Vttl 15 - 2 0 ' M « M »'' 5- Chans*
VjJtsJ'^^X)/ to Conapaay** steamers at
N5^«MVf/ Seattle. -
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Btl-
llcfham— 11 a. m., Apr. IS, 20. 25. 30, May 3.
Change at Seattle to tbts company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. By.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka- (Httmboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p. m., Apr. 10. 22, 28. May 4. Spokane, 1 :3U
p. m.. Asr. 18. 25. May 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Aneel«« and
Redondo). San Dtero and Santa Barbara—
Safita Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of CallfornU. Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
For Los Anreles (via San Pedro and Cait
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Buencme.
Santa Crux. 9 a. m.. Apr. 19. (Freight only.)
Bonita, 9 a. m.. Apr. 21. 29. May 7.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Joa« del
Cabo. Maiatlan, Altata, La Paz, Panta Rc-
calia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of eac!i
month. For further Information obtain folder.
Rljrht Is reserved to change steamers or sailing
dates. -..-.. ¦ . , , . »-»_„,
TICKET OPPXC3E3 — I New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel), la Market $». and Broad-
way wharves. Frtirht Offlee, 10 Market st.
C. D. DONANN, General PassenK«r Axent.
10 Market st.. Saa Francisco.
TBe Pacific Transfer Co.; 20 Sutter St.. wni
call for and check - ta?gaze from * hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
(oriental; steamship co.)
Steamers will leave wbarf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (H!o«^».
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting • at
Hongkong with steamers for India. «tc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. AMERICA MARU. ....*. •
; ••;;•••<•: Thursday. May 12. inn t
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight «nd passage apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street. . cornar First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
O. R. & AT. CO.
".OREGON sans AprU 7." 17.' 27. May 7. 17
and 27. GEO. W. ELDER sails April IX 23.
May 2. 12 and 22. ' Only »teamshli> llaa to '
PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through ticket*
to all. Doints. Steamer tickets includa berth
and meals.. Steamer sails foot of Spnar st. at
II a. m. S..F. BOOTH. O«n. AgT^Ps^
Dept.. 1 Montsomery st. : C CLIFFORD. On.
Agent Freight Dept. 3 Montgomery st.
occanics.s.co.
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Apr 23. 'u a. m.
8. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Apr. 23,11a ml
8. 8. BIBRRA. for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
¦ . land and Sydney. Thurs.; May 5, 2 p. ra.
I.D.SMCIELS & BSOI Ca,A£l3.,Tici8t OiSCS 643 Iir-
Iit St. ! Freight oics 329 Matt« st, Piei 7, Facias a
JvCOMFABBIl eortBALI T1UH3ATL1HTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVKE-PARI3.
.Sailing every Thursday Instead of ¦Jf&Cfit
Saturday, at 10 a. m.;.from fltr
North III ver. foot cZ Morton st.'
. First class to Havre. ' S70 and up«rard. Sec-
ond; class ; to Havre. $45\ and upward. . GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson buildlngj.
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
A gent s. 8 Montgomery ' avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets 'sold by iali; Railroad Ticket Agents.
¦Xf^EKLY CALL, §1.00 PEB YEAB.
APVEBTISEMENTS.
Suit
Comfort
is a Leading^
Characteristic
Becanse the tailoring is as sood as hu-
man skill can make It. Faultless fit; ac-
. cording to the mode; excellent fabric, of
choice pattern; the proper materials used
In construction, these make our tailoring
the desirable kind.
Pay Us ONE DOLLAR
" A WEEK and meanwhile wear the suit.
: Now is the time to order.
A. B. Smith Co.
128-132 Oils St. above Powell St;
,.v. .... BAN FRAJCCIBCO. -
DK. KILidER'S SWAMP-EOOT. ' ' *
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
will do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible fop more sickness
and suffering than any other disease -therefore, when, through
neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue,
lutal results arc sure to follow.
Your other organs may need attention— but your kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first.
If you are sick or "feel badly,'* begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
tiis soon as your, kidneys begin to get cctte* they will h;lp all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince anyone.
The mild and immediate effect of brickdust or sediment in the urine.
Swamp-Root, the great kidney and headache, backache, lame back, dizzi-
bladder remedy, is soon realized. It ness. • sleeplessness, nervousness, heart
ttands the highest for its wonderful disturbance due to bad kidnev trouble,
cures of the most distressing cases, skin eruptions from bad, blood, neural-
Swamp-Root will set your whole sys- pia, rheumatism, diabetes, bloatine. ir-
tera- right,- and the best proof of this ritability, worn-out feeline. lack of am- .
i* a trial. bition, loss of flesh, sallow complexion,
53 cottage ST.. MEUROSE. mass. or Bri^ht's disease.
£ >ear Slr: Jan - llth ' li>(H - Tf vrrnr water when nllnwrd to re-
"Ev«r pine* I was in the array I had more j « voll f. waler . * ncn ailOWea TO re-
cr !*».« kidney trouble, and within the paat main Undisturbed in a BlaSS Or bottle IOT
rS£Z?SZ&£?&^ x S2£*Z^ twenty-four hours forms a sediment or
m>- strenjrth and power wa» fa«t leaving me. settling or has a cloudy appearance, it
1 «*w an advertisement of swamo-Root ana i j s «viden"e that your kidneys and
wrote asking Tor ad\-ice. I began the us* «fj .,¦-..' . ¦ „ . :^_.j;_ f- .^.ntJrtn "'
the mnJiclne and not<?d a decided improvement p*A<lQCT nerd immcGiate attention. ,. i
•ft*r takir.R- Swamp-Root only a ehort Ume. ,Swamp-Root IS the RTeat disCOVery : b{-
thitTirSlt^^cu^a^ n n^ u in tO cA a e y r ; Dr. the eminent .kidney rand;
to be very eur* about this, i had a doctor ex» bladder "specialist. Hospitals use',' it
S^rTaiVrSt^Vrin^SSaiYiiSSiSS: wonderful success in both slight.
1 knew that your Swamp-Root i* pureiy,v*jp T and, severe cases. Doctors recommend
stable and doe. not contain any harmful : t -fi iulj, Da tients and USe it in tlfeir
Crugt. Tnankinr you for my cetaplet» recov- ll i 0 - 1 **" pmicuis «u\* u« u »u *.««>.»»
«ry aad re-eommendinr -Swamp-Boot to all suf. OWtl . tamillCS, because they TCCOJjnize
lerer.. I am." y«ii -trytf ,-ytgg -*^-h;.' .^S^mp-Root the jrreatest and tnosf ;
• ¦¦¦'• '¦¦¦ .-•-•-.- . 5 A *vo**.'£ "successful remedy. &&M
You may harera^ample'bbttle "of this " "Swanip-R^ot is pleasant to take and
famous kidney ' rfcmedy. Swanifl-Robt. is'-for* sale ; at drug stores the world
tent free Jby .mail, post-paid, by which: over in ibottles of two sizes and two :
you may test, its virtues "for. such - dis- -prices— .fifty cents and one. dollar. Re-
orders as kidney, bladder and uric acid member the. name; Swamp-Root, Dr.
diseases, poor digestion, ¦being obliged^ : .Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the ad-
to pass your water frequently, nieht and "dfess Binghamton, N. Y., on every
day, smartifljr r.or: irritation, in oassine.- bottle.
EDITORIAL. NPTE— So sue cessfalHs Swamp-Root in promptly
curing eyea the most -distressing cases of kidnev. liver or bladder trou-
bles, that Jto prove its wonderful meritsiyou may have a sample bottle I
and a book of valuable information,' both sent absolutely free by mail. The
book contains many of the thousands upon. thousands of testimonial let-
ters received from men an^Vomen cured." The value and success " of
Swamp-Root is So well known' that' c:^ readers are advised to send for a
sample bottle. lp* sending Vqur iddres's to Dr.- Kilmer'& Co.. Binsham-
ton, N. Y., be sure to savvmi' read this generous offer in the San Fran-
cisco Daily Call. The proprietor of this paper guarantees the genuineness
*>f this offer. ,/. • y "• .. ' y. . .VERT TOUNO MEMBEnS.-At the meeting
of St. Andrew's Society held in Scottish Hall
last Monday night two very-oroung ' members
were ejected to life membership. ' and for fach
there was paid the life, membership fee of S5O.
One of the new members is Annette. Reid
Rolph the three- year-old daughter of James
Rnlph Jr.. of Hind, Rolph it Co.-* and the
other Is James Rulph. aged one day, son of the
«ame parent. - .
If for any cause THE CALL is not de
livered . rejralarly to % subftcriben please
call no "CALL EXCHANGE" and notify
Subscription Clerk in charsre. Your com
vlaint will receive prompt attention.
A standing reward of. Ten Dollars
CS10.00) Is . offered for the arrest I and
conviction of any one canarnt stealing*
XEE CALL. ¦¦"¦¦:.
Notify The- Call' 'Office; If Y;n Miss
Your Paper, v
TEN DOLLARS REWARD.
— A*
; SAN JOSE, April, 19.-^-The rain has
put a da'mperon : the' street; fair to' be
given i here this week under j the aus
pices of ,! Company B^ jN. "G. : C. The
Dixie Carniva 1 Company, which? is to
furnish UheJ attractions',*; has -.been un
able : to ! •prepare! .the '; exhibits" in this
weather: This"' evening s a..fexv of the
concessions: are opened,* 'and not 'till
to-morrowjwilljthe street fair be : run
ning~ f full .blast/ .; The. tents * are strung
along;; the streets i ;and 'the' city ¦': will
present a* lively 'appearance /when all
the shows; are; running.-"" • '.'}'!¦ v "': :
Street Fair Not Opened.
MODESTO; April 19.— George
Laughead. a prominent farmer of the
West Side, died suddenly in his buggy
last evening, after having run a short
distance to catch the vehicle. He was
a* prominent Mason. The funeral will
be held Wednesday.
Prominent Fanner Dies.
A. A. Van Voorhies said that he did
not care to discuss the situation at
this time. The relations between the
firm and the men have always been
cordial and when the committee from
the union waited on him last night and
informed him of the intention to quit
work they. parted the best of friends.
The belief seems to prevail that an
amicable adjustment will soon be
reached.
SACRAMENTO. April 19. — The
leather workers employed by A. A.
Van Voorhies & Co. are out on a strike,
owing to the refusal of the company
to sign the wage scale which has ob
tained for the past year. About thirty
five men are affected.
Sacramento Firm Will Not Grant
Desired Scale and Strike
Results.
LEATHER WORKERS
WANT OLD SCHEDULE
VANCOUVER. B. C, April 19.—
Snowslides are reported from almost
every point 'In'. the; interior ,.:of* British
Columbia. The most serious; occurred
at the Silver Cup J 'mine in the* Lardeu
district. A slide; of ;1200 feet wide
came down the mountain side, carry
ing away .blacksmiths' */' shops! ore
sheds, a quantity of ore and 116 feet , of
tramway /and killed a* miner named
John Marrable. ' total > damage
will be $65,000.
One Man Killed and. Mueh Property
'¦;'•". L Wrecked nt Silver Cup:
Mine.
SNOWSLIDES FREQUENT
IN BRITISH COLUMBIA
Another new incorporation is the
Lamolle Grill. It is capitalized at
$6000. and is to conduct the well
known French grill. The directors are
Emile J. Lamolle, Pierre Mo'ntmayeur,
John Oreglia, Bernadette Lamolle and
Catherine Lamolle.
SAN JOSE, April 19. — Articles in
corporating the Union Printing Com
pany of San Jose o were filed here to
day. The capital stock is $25,000, di
vided into 25,000 shares. Ten thousand
dollars has been subscribed. The
principal place of business is San Jose,
and its objects are to carry on a gen
eral printing, engraving and litho
graphing business. The directors of
the company arc: A. C. Eaton, who
subscribes for 9060 shares, and A. F.
Eaton, E. B. Ewing, R. L. Telfer arid
C. G. F. Howell, Who each subscribe
for ten shares.
Union Printing Company Is Capital
ized at $25,000 by Local
Promoters. ,
SAX JOSE PRINTING
CONCERN INCORPORATES
SAN JOSE, April 19. — Charles M.
Sanborn, a young attorney who came
to this city several months ago from
Wisconsin, was to-day adjudged in
sane and committed to the Agnews
Insane Asylum. A short time" ago he
mysteriously disappeared from his
lodging-house here, and it was feared
that he had wandered off and com
mitted suicide! He was discovered
among the prisoners in ,the County
Jail, serving a term for petty larceny
and vagrancy, having been committed
from a Justice court at Santa Clara.
Since his release his mind has been
raptdly failing. He imagines that peo
ple are trying to injure him. San
born has a wife and child in Wis
consin. He had some trouble with his
wife before he came here, and it is
supposed that the domestic troubles
and drink caused his mind to give
way. He is about 25 years of age.
DEMEXTED ATTORNEY
' SENT TO* AN" ASYLUM
Young Lawyer Who Recently Disap
peared From San .lose Adjudged
Insane.
• Muse of death is unknown, but it is
supposed that lie died from exposure
under the influence of liquor.
Deceased was a farm laborer and
nbout 55 years of age.
SUISUN. April 19.— Andrew McKin
non, an old re-ident of this vicinity,
was found dead early this morning
in a barn a few miles from town. The
laborer Dies lYom Exposure.
Kaisc $19,000 to Cover Loss Supposed
to Be Due to Cashier's DIs- -
honesty.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. April 19.— The
sum of 515.000 in cash was to-day
turned over to the Guardian Trust
Company, as assignee for the Federal
Trust Company, by representatives of
George F. Clewell. former cashier of
the latter bank, who was recently •ar
rested at St. Joseph, Mo., on the
charge of embezzling. The amount
was raised by Clewell's friends. It is
believed the case against him will now
be dropped.
CLEWKLI/S FIHEVDS LOYAL
TO HIM DUKING TROUBLE
The people of the city of Tacoma
will present a handsome silver service
to the cruiser Tacoma and 4 the set,
which was manufactured by Shreve
& Cp., is now on exhibition in their
store at Market and Post streets. A
description of the set is as follows:
A punch bowl 23 inches in height over
al\, by 21 wide, which is placed upon a
massive but graceful tray 26 inches in
diameter; two loving cups 21 inches
high by 15 wide; two serving trays,
17 inches in diameter; a punch ladle
and three dozen punch cups.
The design is called the "Fourteenth
Century" pattern, which scheme of de
sign is an outcome of the use of iron
and steel of that early period, which
was applied to structures severe in out
line, dignified in purport and practical
In their use. This decoration there
fore harmonizes with the hidden de
fensive significance of the .cruiser
Tacoma. ; The service is unobtrusive in
character, but of such massive strength
ind dignity that it cannot but be ap-
Vreciated by ¦ the lovers of good art,
ind be understood as the proper ex
pression for usages to which it is to
>e put.
It Is an unusual departure from the
conventional service, in that its char
acter is absolutely simple and perfect
ly in harmony with environment.
In 1901 Louis Henry Rasor met a
wealthy widow, who agreed in writ
ing, prior to the marriage, to will him
all her property if she became his
wife. Several months after the mar
riage Mrs. Rasor died, leaving the
bulk of her property to the Roman
Catholic church, and bequeathing only
5100 to her husband. Rasor sold his
claim to J. Pemberton of Victoria for
$500. Suit was entered and decided
against the Pemberton claim. The full
court to-day reversed this decision,
and Pemberton's claim Is valued at
$60,000. Rasor died over a year ago in
California.
VANCOUVER. B. C. April 19.— The
whole court of British Columbia's Su
preme bench to-day declared that an
agreement to marriage is a legal con
sideration in the making of a con
tract. The decision carried with it
the disposition q£ an estate valued 'at
$60,000.
"Nervous and Mental Diseases" were
discussed by Drs. J. O. Hlrschfelder
and Leo Newmark of San Francisco, J.'
H. McBride of Pasadena and J. W.
Robinson of Livermore; "Hygiene, San
itation and Climatology" by Drs. N.
Bridge of Pasadena, P. C. Remondino
of San Diego, W. B. Cunnine.of Santa
Barbara, J.'CIark of Gilroy; "The Sani
tary Needs of the State,"- by N. K. Fos
ter, Sacramento; "Chemistry and Phy
siology," by H. P. Hill of San Fran
cisco. O. WItherbee of Los Angeles and
A. Gilllhan... Discussion opened by Har
old P. Hill of San Francisco. -..-'•
At 3 o'clock the eye, ear, nose and
throat section was taken up and dis
cussed by several of the prominent
doctors present, notably D. F.IChurch
of Los Angeles, A. B. McKee of . San
Francisco and A. Schloss of San" Fran-
PASO ROBLES, April 19.— The late
comers' to the State Medical Society
came in on Pullmans, ¦ which were
switched off at Paso Robles, from San
Francisco and Los Angeles, last night.
About 250 physicians are here, and the
little city of Paso Robles has put on a
holiday appearance. The hotels, full
to overflowing, are making all com
fortable.-
The lirst session was called to order
in th« Congregational Hall, when Dr.
J. R. McLennan of Paso Robles gave
an address of welcome, responded to
by Dr. H. Bert Ellis, Los Angeles, and
R. F. Rooney and J. H. Barbat. A
memorial committee, consisting of Drs.
J. Lambert Asay- of San Jose, L. D.
Johnson of Whittier and J. H. Barr of
Marysville, wad appointed.
The second session was held at '2
o'clock, when medical education and
legislation were taken up and discussed
by Drs. H. S. Orme of Ljs Angeles, W.
S. Thorn of San Francisco. G.' W. Mc-
Kinnon of Arcata, F.. B. Carpenter of
San Francisco and H. J. Crumpton of
Sausalito.
The report of the committee, was dis
cussed by Carl K. Krone of. Oakland
and others. .
SILVER SERVICE THAT IS TO BE
PRESENTED TO THE CRUISER
TACOMA.
British Columbia Supreme
Court Holds Lawful the
Agreement Made by Wife
Members of . State Medical
Society in Assembly Dis
cuss Diseases and Causes
ANTE -NUPTIAL
PICT IS LEGAL
DOCTORS MEET
IN CONVENTION
Colorado produced four and one-haK
times as much gold as Alaska last year
and California three times as much.
Rod Bank In Nebrasta.
NAPIER. Neb., April 19. — Robbers
have blown open the safe in the Bank
of Napier. They escaped with $1200.
Alleged Forger Out on Ball.
LOS ANGELES, April 19. — E. W.
Masterson, who recently was extra
dited from Germany on a. charge oZ
forgery, in connection with frauds al
leged to have been perpetrated on the
Continental Building and Loan Associ
ation of San Francisco, has been re
leased on $5000 bond pending trial. .
DENVER. ' April 19. — John W.
Springer, former president of the Na
tional Live Stock Association, was
nominated for Mayor of Denver by ac
clamation by the Republican city con
vention. The contest at the election
on May 17 will be between Springer
and R. W. Spear, the Demicratic
nominee.
IlEPUBIilCAXS OF DENVER .
NOMINATE CATTLEMAN MAYOR
John W. Springer Unanimous Choice
of Convention — R. W.- Spear Is,
Democratic Candidate.
VALLEJO, April 19.— The annual ses
sion of the Grand Parlor of the Native
Sons of .the Golden West to.be held in
»this city next week promises to be
memorable. The meeting will be called
to order Monday forenoon and will con
tinue until late Friday. Advance re
ports indicate a large attendance and
an interesting session.. New legislation
is likely to be advanced arid a number
of the grand offices will _, be- objects of
warm contests.
Considerable energy and care arc be
ing displayed by the local committee of
arrangements, of which S. J. McKnight
is chairman and Thomas J. O'Hara
secretary, in preparing for. the recep
tion and entertainment of : the grand
officers and 'delegates. The social pro
gramme j promises to be veryJ satisfac
tory. ( On Monday 'evening a public re
ception will be tendered the gra'nd offi
cers \ and" . delegates at 'the, Pavilion.
Tuesday afternoon will be devoted to a
visit to Uncle* Sam's warships, work
shops and dock at the *Mare Island
navy yard. Tuesday evening the visi
tors will be banqueted in- the Pavilion.
Wednesday? evening the local lodge of
Elks will extend their hospitality;' to
visiting brothers at their club ; rooms
and banquet hall. On Friday evening
a grand ball will be given in the Pavil
ion. If the committee can charter one
of the large bay steamers an excursion
will begiven to the Union Iron Works,
San Francisco, Thursday morning,
April 28, to witness the launch of the
new protected cruiser California.
. Decorators will soon begin to beau
tify the town. The Mare Island station
band and orchestra have been engaged
to furnish music for the public and
private functions.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Upon the suggestion of Roady Ken-,
nehan of Denver, secretary treasurer
of the International Union of Journey
men Horseshoers, Max Morris, vice
president of the American Federation
of Labor^ was authorized to attend the
twenty-seventh annual convention of
:he International Union to be held at
Omaha next June. Upon Kennehan"s
request for assistance in organizing the
< nuncll decided to contribute one-half
of the expenses for an organizer for
the International Union of Horseshoers
for the remainder of the present year.
The members of the council attended
a mass meeting to-night at which the
principal speakers were President Gom
pers of the American Federation of
Labor, and President Mitchell of the
I'hitc-d Mine Workers of America.
leging violation of the conditions un
der which charter was issued to th»
latter organization. No action was
taken on the protest.
President Taylor of the Glove Work
ers' International Union made a state
ment to the council regarding the con
dition of the 4000 locked out glove work
ers in Fulton County. New York. The
matter was fully discussed, final ac
tion to be taken later.
Secretary Robert McKee of Peoria,
representing the International Union
of Steam Engineers; W. J. Spencer of
Chicago, representing the United As
sociation of Plumbers. Gas Fitters and
•Steam Fitters, and F. J. McNulty of
the Brotherhood of Electrical Workers,
entered protest against the Elevator
Constructors* International Union, al-
local unions to refrain from invading
the Jurisdiction of the electrical work
ers.
F. J. McNulty and Edward X. Kno
tlcs, president and member of the ex
ecutive board of the Brotherhood of
Electrical Workers, appeared before
the executive council and entered pro
test against the Amalgamated Asso
ciation of Street and Electric Railway
Kmployes on occount of the invasion
of the latter organization upon the
jurisdiction of the electrical workers.
It was decided that inasmuch as the
conditions under which the charter of
the Street Railway Employes' Associa
tion was changed to read in its present
form did not involve an extension
of jurisdiction President Gompers
should communicate with President W.
p. Mahon of the street railway em
ployes, calling attention to the in
iring-ement of jurisdiction and request
ing him to issue a notice to his various
DENVER, April 19.— The second day's
session of the executive council of the
American Federation cf Labor was
devoted almost entirely to the consid
eration of disputes between affiliated
organizations over questions of juris
diction.
river, 100 feet below, ¦ so gently that
she was not dangerously injured. J
It is alleged that it >was. discovered
that shV.w^s in league with a woman,
and under the pretense of making small
purchases the latter had been permit
ted to take away hundreds of dollars'
worth of elegant* laces, silks and fur
nishings from the store.
WHEELING. W.' Va., April 19.—Be
cause she was accused of being in a
conspiracy to swindle her employers,
the George E. Stifel Dry Goods Com
pany, out of a large quantity of val
uable silks and other goods, J^abel Ful
ton,: 19 years of age, to-day ran weep
ing from the store and in/ full view
of hundreds along the wharf climbed
to the highest point on the. new steel
bridge and threw herself into the Ohio
River. The girl's clothing acted as a
sort of v parachute and : she struck " the
Special Dispatch to The Call
Electrical Workers Com
plain That Carmen's Union
Has Invaded Their Field
Hundreds of Spectators Are
Startled by Suspected Em
ploye's Desperate Plunge
Grarid Parlor Session Will
Be Important and Contest
for Offices May Be Lively
Circumstances Indicate That
the Wreck of a Pas
senger Train Was Planned
SAUSALJTO. April 19. — A raoto*
car 6fthe Xorth Shore Railroad
Company was derailed late this after
noon and F. W. Walraven, the motor
man, was seriously injured. The de
railment occurred near Facheco sta
tion, on the Cazadero branch, at 4:50
o'clock. The car was running at a
speed of about fifteen 'miles an
hour ' when the accident - oc
curred." The car was en route north
and was propelled by gasoline. It is
used by the officials on their trips of
inspection and holds six passenger?.
To-day only ' Walraven and S. El
dridge, an electrician, were on board.
When nearing Pacheco station the
car struck a. large rock and was de
railed. *Both men were precipitated
with .violent force to the ground. El
dridge was not injured, but Walraven
was not so fortunate. He was later
taken to £?an Francisco for treatment,
but it is exDected he will recover.
From the way the accident occurred
it is believed the obstruction was
placed upon the rails by some one
wishing to wreck a train. The south
bound passenger train was due In a
short time subsequent to the time the
motor car was derailed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
C0M3IITTEE IS ACTIVE
KOCK PLACED OX TRACK
SUICIDE ATTEMPT FAILS
HEAES MANY PROTESTS
Young Woman. Accused^ of
Swindling, Jumps From a
Bridge Into Ohio Elver
Motorman and Electrician
Are Hurt in an Acci
dent Near Pacheco Station
People of Northern City Will Present to the Warship an Elegant
Expression of Their Wishes That It May Serve Its Purpose for
Maintenance of Peace and Triumph Jf War Clouds Gather
Exec ut ire Council of Ameri-
can Federation Discusses
Disputes Over Jurisdiction
Citizens Are Arranging a
Splendid Programme to
Entertain the Native Sons
VALLEJO PLANS
WEEK OF FUN
LABOR LEADERS
IN CONVENTION
SKIRTS SAFE
A GIRL'S LIFE
MAGNIFICENT SERVICE OF SILVER
IS DESIGNED FOR CRUISER TACOMA
NORTH SHORE
CAR DERAILED
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, WEDNESDAY. APRIL 20,, 1904.
3
ADTTEBTISEMENTa.
A Big valise
It is not a big knife— but a big
value. It's suitable for the daily
uses of any gentleman or lady. You
may depend upon the quality* of the
blades and the workmanship in its
construction throughout.
I WANT YOUR 0L0 RAZOR.
TTlll rive you a liberal allowance for it
on a new one.
I carry a full line of Kxcellent Cutlery,
inrlu<lin*r Shears and Scissors — some as
low as -."¦••. .
Two bars Williams 1 10c Shaving Soap.
* l&c. •
Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
lf\r\ visiting- ervf
CMfttCT tTYLtS -*«D WZCft. ALSO
•UStMCk. AMD PHOrt-SIONAA. CARDS
THAT MAN PITTS
•r-W-piTTS-Tk. at .tUr-v. ;¦
1008 Market Street* S£ZZ.
Is there anything better than
trade between friends?
Schilling's Best makes
friends and trade.
• Your grocer's; moncyback.'
t ; *v ADVERTISEMENTS.
* vpjpyQ -t\^£^*^*^*y^y^iii$Vr\j * *
Suits Like These to Order s 10
_._ _._ ' _. ...._. * i
Four, essential advantages enable us to make suits to order for less money
than is asked by any other tailor in the West. .
We buy the cloth;direct from the mills-— buy largely for our wholesale New
York establishment, at good discounts. In ordering for wholesale we purchase
enough additional cloth to supply our two retail, stores here in San Francisco. 'All
other tailors must buy from jobbers. Just investigate this fact. .
Our profit on each individual suit is small. But making a great many suits
each month our business is necessarily large. .'" i
I ¦ v .We arenot compelled to allo^w^for suits left on our hands as other tailors do.
Should a suit be returhed or uncailed for we place it in our resdyrmade stock at a
reduced-price merely^to coyer the cost .--of making. Therefore we- lose no money
in miking you another suit, if the first does not please : irV every way.\
> As we sell strictly for cash you do not have^to pay for bad accounts con- -
tracted by other customers. . JJMihto|
• Th?se are reasons why \ve can make you a .'suit: to order for as low as $10
Suits satisfactorily made to outer for ont T of -town customers through our self-measuring system.
' ' \ - Write for blank and samptes. Please address Depi. L.
740 Market Street £L jti l^/A/l |7| ilfY Cor. Powell, Eddy >
Opposite fThird J\ %%"™"w\" ariti Market StreetsJudge i Murasky j yesterday - gave , the
city* a condemnation* judgment against
Victor /Abouzee-,-^ owner.J of ; a piece ; of
realty on; Pine .street,"; just below :Du
pont, -within -the*; confines of .the^dis
trict ; known : as S t, 'Mary's " Square! tTrie
court -placed a 4 value r of ¦¦?10i250»upon
'4b~e;Iahd. Z . .-..'. . ' -.","..'.'
Condemns Abouzce's Realty.
•Alice Donohue of, 1103 Stevenson
streeti* mother of Charles'. B. yy and
Marcla E. Iredale, applied to 'the; Su
perior -Court yesterday for a revoca
tion of tl*e - letters 'of guardianship
over the cUUdren- granted tpl Charles
Iredale, their, uncle.' She" says that' her
present husband livery fond of Ji the
children and^thatj therefore the!r'.%in
terests would be "erihariced , by. reiriov
iitg them from' the'custory.'ofvlredale. 1
The ; childrep art in an ,' orphanage,
where, says Mrs.^ Donohue, .they were
placed by Iredale: shortly after he was.
appointed their, guardian. '
Mother; Wants. Her/ Children.
JREDDING. k Aprllf 1 9.~-^The , jury in
the second trial' of J A*. : . S." Ham mans,
charged *wlth f the murder of Leno'Lb
pe"» at Harrison Gulch>on, January ,24,
brought in tf /yerdlctfof -not guilty"' at
midnight, la^U night 'The trial lasted
thirteen* days.. 5 : ."
Acquitted \of 3rurder 'Charge.
V'Much interest' is : taken- in the forth-'
coming; J production 'y of "His ; Royal
Nibs,'.' ; as; its": musical numbers are by
Shafter Howard, whose /prominence in
the local : musical world } raises ' the ex
pectation that the I score in "His Royal
Nibs" will be of a high order ' of ; merit."
The/ last rehearsal of "His Royal
Nibs," which -will; be : presented; at the
'Alhambrai Theater i to-morrow . arid
Friday evenings, was ; held , last . night.
.'r "His Royal ; Nibs 1 ' - is to be 'given for
the i /benefit of the California' Women's
Hospital, an, institution that comes un
der/ the; patronage of the leading so
ciety ; peopleTof f the city.- ,
Give -Last .Rehearsal.
*. Suits; for divorce were] "also; filed -.by
Minnie H. 'Cook against*; Chester:/ E.
Cook for, neglect,' '.. Ella':RusseTl * against
Coltori Russell for ."neglect;! Clementine' 1
Licot against Francois^ Licot f for/'de-:
sertion and Mary A.^ Paddock against
Herbert Paddock for' cruelty. .'" ' '
' Decrees ''of 'divorce f Tor "/desertion
were " granted to ~'\ Rachel 5 Welsh; from*
H. p. Welsh, Martin Lulu
Hobbs, Oscar Weyahtfrom Josie "Wey
ant, Helen Davies from -Albert- Dayies,
Lena v M. Crooks f rorn \ Charles 1 T.*
Crooks and . • liilliarri " ; A." Bieb'ermao i j
f rom ' W. : L.*. Bleberman: . Neglect- was ;
the ground upon which . Madeline* C. '
Malt secured £a^ decree, from ; William,
Malt. '-Bella Cranna gqt'iT dlvorce"f rom i,
James : A..'Cranria for'f cruelty. ¦ : ?f
'In a suit for divorce filed yesterday
by Jeanette Colle against- Joseph Colle
she . charges that for some time past
she has been made most .miserable by,
the cruel conduct of her husband.' She
says that . he calls ' her all "sorts -i of
names and, abuses her" In ¦ a 'manner
that causes her intense mental suffer
ing. They were married in April.
1902. ¦ '- : ¦ ' "•' '. • -.-:. ;'\:>"-.
She Olalnis That Her, Matrimonial
Bonds Are Irksome Because ot
Her Husband's Abiise. ?..
., STOCKTON. April 19.— The remains
of the man picked up a mile south of
this city on'the^outhern Pacific track
where he. had evidently been 'run over
by ia "train. '.wer« . Mentlfte^d at .-the
morgue to-day- as those" of Wiliam
Hodnett of this" cityi: ,:'-•. i '¦'-?¦** '
Body Identified.
Am OF JJIVORCF COURT
, SOUGHT BY MRS. COLLE
WATSONVILLE, April 19. — The fire
department was called out last" night
by a small blaze in the Hotel Roma.
The firemen on reaching the scene and
going to the room where the. blaze
was discovered stumbled over the
form of Clinton Thome, a carpenter.
The victim was immediately carried
and medical aid summoned.^ Phy
stcians say that Thorne cannot recover.
The fire was caused. by the overturning
of a lamp and igniting the clothing* of
the victim, burning /him about the
head and hands. ,; \ .
Fatally Burned in a Hotel.
¦- The parishioners plan to conduct a
great: church fair. in August, but prep
arations * axe : already > : -. under way to
raise funds for the various booths. .The
alumni booth of ; St. Brigid's School
will' be the first • to ; give an entertain
ment • for the '¦ benefit of,; the booth.
The affair -will -take place at Lyric
Hall, 1 1 9 ; Eddy street, on Friday even*
ing.rApril 29. An elaborate, programme
will ¦ be arrariged , for. the occasion and
the .'committee tin .charge ; expects; to
raise a goodly.sumf by; this .means."
-.The new. St. Brigid's Church, at the
corner of Van Ness avenue and Broad
way,' is fast nearing completion/When
finished, St. Brigid's .will be one of
the handsomest N houses of worship in
the country. «, The expenses of .build
ing, the beautiful structure* have been
very great and- therefore the members
of the parish are already making "ar
rangements to raise funds |tp \ pay off
the debt of .the church, although it
will not be formally opened till Oc
tober. > ; . >
Alumni of School' Arranges for Grand
: Entertainment for Benefit of\
Building Fund.
PARISHIONERS WILL. AID
XEW ST. imiGID'S CHURCH
"Munching parties," the London Mail
•ays, are the latest outcome of the
new health fad. The guests at such
mcalB are Invited only on condition
that each mouthful of food is chewed
thirty-two times before it is swallowed.
Cash Drawer Is -Rifled.
Richard Kummerlander. saloon-keep
er fn the basement ojf 544 California
street, reported to the police yester
day that between midnight "and S
o'clock yesterday morning his cash
drawer had been forced open and $20
in silver stolen. It is supposed that
the thief was locked in the saloon "when
it was closed at midnight, as the pad
lock on the outside front door was all
right, but the inside lock had been
broken off. "When the thief found that
he could. not get out by the front door
he made his escape through the ele
vator leading to B. F. Jellison's sa
loon above.
and why should be steal a bit of Jew
elry that is not worth more than $10?"
There was' no .'answering- such logic
as. that, and the prosecuting attorney
did not attempt the task. • . -
The girl stated that she' had been
jsngaged to Pacheco about five months,
knd that the wedding Is to take place
June 1— provided the- groom-elect Is not
in prison on that date. Reputable wit
nesses testified ¦' to ; the previous good
character of the accused, and the Judge
took the case under advisement.
They claim the assessment is illegal
because it is a violation- of a by-law of
the corporation which .provides that
no assessment shall be levied until all
the original capital stock of the corpo
ration has been issued. The plain
tiffs claim that there are still unsold
250 shares of the original stock.
Judge Murasky issued a temporary in
junction.- • V
' : . The defendants in the suit are M.
M. Ogden, president of the company;
R. B. Murdock, its secretary, and the
following directors: B.D. Pike, W.<N.
Goodwin; A. Lempkey and Dixwell
Hewitt. : '•¦'- 7: "'-'
" B. K. ¦ Michaels, N. -L,. v Walter.- E.
Lichtenberg, A. B.y Fredericks, C. ; E.
Fredericks and E. C, Brittan, stock
holders in the Pacific- Jupiter -Steel
Company, a new corporation with a
plant at South San Francisco, yester
day filed a suit 'for an injunction re
straining the officers and directors of
the corporation from selling the plain
tiffs' stock for non-payment of an : as
sessment of 2 cents a share levied last
February. *
Judge -Murasky, V«n -Complaint of Six
\Kf+ StoeklroWers,i .Prevents Alleged »
¦-•v- ¦¦>-- illegal Sale or -'Stock:"?. -^ ;
DIRECTORS OF XKNV .STEEL i- £ ;
.,: . .COMPANY; AHEv ENJOINED
The religious' ceremony that. preceded
the opening of the social 'was conduct
ed by 'the Rev. Dabovich.
and a prayer was said by the "Right
Re'v: Innocent, Bishop of, Alaska.
.- Afternoon — Songs, by Mrs. W. Rlgby and
Mrs. B. Kendall. 'Evening — "Poet and Peas,
ant" (Suppe), Miss Somers:.,'" Voices of Uhc
Wood". (Rubinstein), "Kraesnl'Y • CSarafan),
Mrs. F. "Whitney; Eongs, Mies-May C. Little. \
Among those that contributed yes
terday to the vocal and musical pro
gramme we're Mrs. N. Greevsky, con
tralto; Miss M. Kelly, piano solo; and
vocal solos by Mrs. T. F. Kelly, Rev.
P. Popoff and" Mrs. T. Greensky.
The ladies that planned the enjoy
able affair are Mrs. T. Pashkovsky,
president; Mrs. Elliott, vice-president;
Mrs. M. Dabovich, secretary; Mrs. M.
Staniscich, treasurer; Mrs. O. Schroe
der, Mrs. A. Constantine, Mrs. L.. Dab
ovich", Mrs. Metropolsky, Mrs. P.
Adams, Mrs. Vucosaviievich, Mrs.
Greevsky and Mrs. Popoff.
Mrs.T. Pashkovsky and Mrs. P. Pop
off were attired: as Northern Russian
peasant brides; .Miss M. Dabovich in
the dress of a Servian court lady; Mrs.
Greevsky in -Moldavian costume; Miss
Lizzie Kashevriikoff in a southern peas
ant costume and Master Tisha •Pash
kovsky as a , Cossack; j Master Boris
Pashnovsky, and Stephan Vucosaviie
vich wore the livery of Russian coach
men, and little Miss Claudia Popoff
was winsome in the pretty | dress of 1
a Circassian, maid.
Following is the programme for to
day: ; W'w i * • - - -. -¦¦' . •': --- '.¦
In addition to the very excellent ar
ticles on view, the committee arranged
a most pleasing musical programme
for yesterday end also for- to-day, and
as there is no end of talent and a hos
pitable supply of dainties on tables
prettily/ decorated, the "Russian Tea,",
together with the charitable object for
which It is given, will find ready-re
sponse. •
The 'costumes .worn by s?ome cf trio
ladies l^re^Russian > arid ', V the:' handfr;
some tapestries hanging from the walls
and ""embroideries and the ' massive
vases and samovars were either of Rus
sian or Turkish manufacture.
"A Russian Tea," which is something
4kin to an American bazaar, was be-
SVfi at the .narlors of the Greek Rus
sian Church . yesterd/iy, for the benefit
•4f fthe- I&iB^BrY':R^ifcfo-dSf£ocietv, un
det^ the -'auspices ¦ pif ' tluTlJadies' Qrtho
ilox'Endea'vor'Society.'" *
The Police Commission haa neither the pow
er*, functions nor the prerogatives of a court
of law. While it may be termed a disciplinary
tribunal and its power* are subordinate to the
latter, yet In this Instance the Board of Police
Commissioners has exercised a power which no
court of jaw possesses. It has overridden the
provisions of an act of Congress and dlsre
carded the bankruptcy proceedings in a Fed
eral court. Such a proceeding cannot be sus
tained nor can the board be made a collection
bureau . ? -. *
The decision will be appealed from by
the City Attorney.
According to Superior Judge John
Hunt the Board of Police Commission
ers has no right to constitute itself .a
collection agency for the benefit of
firms or individuals that are : creditors
xif members of the force. He so decided
yesterday in the case of former Police
Officer Paul Cleu, who applied, to rjlm
for an annulment of the proceedings
hi the Commissioners . wliich resulted
ill his dismissal from the force for fail
ing to pay J.oseph Ferria $24 80 and a
laundry company $S 60. The applica
tion was granted. In the opinion handed
down by Judge Hunt he says:
' Under the rule of the Police Commission
any debt owing by a police officer may be
made & ernund for his removal, even If such
<>bt «"•* contracted before his appointment or
even'ir it «u barred by th* statute of lim
itations, or he might be removed for his omis
sion to pay a debt although he has not the
ability to do ao. . It > the officer disputed the
indebtedness or denied its legality or contested
the amount thereof the board, if it acted at
all, must act as a court of law and determine
¦wrhether any liability In fact existed.
- Furthermore, the rule might serve.-- if en
forcedY to rwaove from the department or
¦vbject to a fine nearly every member thereof,
foi it 1b safe to ctay there are but tv\v meu.
however financially responsible they may be,
that are not indebted to some one.
Callan pleaded guilty without going
to trial and is now serving a sentence
of three, years* Imprisonment in the
penitentiary- at San Quentin. Tighe
and Sutcliffe were ordered to appear
for sentence on Saturday.
George Tighe and Thomas Sutcliffe
were tried before a jury yesUtday in
the United States District Court on an
indictment containing nine counts of
passing and attempting to pass coun
terfeit coinsi Toward the* cloae of. the
trialP. J. Mogan, attorney : for Tighe.
interposed a plea of guilty. Sutcliffe
denied that he had passed - any bad
coin, knowing it to be such.
United States Secret Service Agents
George W. Hazen, Thomas B. Foster
and T. R. McManus testified to hav
ing shadowed the defendants and
Charles W. Callan for several days arid
having seen them pass the bad fifty
cent pieces. In each case the coin*
were recovered and marked . by the
shadowers. The jury* convicted Sut
cliffe. . . . '
Two Passers of Bad Coins on the Way
to Join Their Comrade In
Prison. i
SUTCLIFFE CONVICTED
AXD TIGIIE CONFESSES
Philanthropic Women Ap
~ pear at Bazaar in the Cos
tume of Court and Village
Holds That Board of Police
; Commissioners Cannot Act
as a Collection Bureau
RUSSIAN DRESS
IS ATTRACTIVE
HUNT PROTECTS
THE PATROLMAN
In the manner described the dredger
has cut a channel through " the outer
bar 297 feet wide at a uniform depth
of 30 feet at low tide. The depth be
fore the dredging was from 21% feet
at low tide on the apex of the bar
to 30 feet at the outer ends of the
cut. This work has been accomplished
since last July, and now the dredger
is cutting through the middle ground,
which is just inside the harbor entrance
and compels vessels to make a turn
and get into the western channel in
stead of keeping straight on in, what
should be and will be known as the
main channel. Here the cut is ' not
near so long, and is to be made wider.
A channel 500 feet is to be cut through
the middle ground to a depth of 28
feet at low water, which is practically
the same as the depth, outside, where
allowance has to be made for a ground
swell of two feet on the ocean. About
one-third of the work on the " middle
ground has been completed.
SAX DIEGO, April- 19.— Captain A.
A. Polhmus, with, his big centrifugal
suction dredger Salt City, is do
ing and has done a great work in mak
ing perfect. the entrance to San Diego
Bay. The Salt Lake City. is a power
ful suction pump on a barge, . which
also has room for the boilers which
supply steam for the powerful, pump,
engine, workshop and even kitchen and
sleeping rooms for the men who work
on board. Through an immense , suc
tion pipe, which drops into the water
to a depth of thirty feet and more if
desired, the pump draws up water and
sand cf. the consistency oP mud and
drops 4t into a barge alongside., ,- The
sand remains in., the barge, while, the
water flows over the side. Each barge
holds- about? S00 cubic' yards of.fsand.
When .a fllled-Jiarge .is ..tqwed^ away
from the side of the dredger, an empty
"barge .tak*es its Place to 'pe 'filled,- while
the loaded one is "tawed out to sea arid
its load of 200 yards of ,sand dumped
through trapdoors into the sea/
The Illustration shows the dredger
filling the last corner a barge which
is already so 'full of sand that its
deck is awash.; The mudlike consist
ency of the material that comes from
tbe discharge pipe can almost be seen
in the ' picture. When empty of its
load of sand the barge, which here
floats on a level with the sea, 'floats
with its deck six feet above the sea
surface. . ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call
BCENK SHOWING THE MAMMOTH DREDGER ""SALT LAKE CITY" AT WORK REMOVING FROM THE ENTRANCE TO
SAN DIEGO BAT THE SANDY OBSTRUCTION THAT HAS BEEN A MENACE TO "NAVIGATORS WHO SOUGHT A HAVEN
AT THE SOUTHERN PORT. . • -^ !,
of the Korean commerce, is about $15,- i
000,000, and ihat the imports materially :
exceed the exports. While the foreign •
commerce of China is' carried on a!- j
most exclusively through the treaty j
ports, only^ about a. third of the/com- j
merce'i of Korea goes through in that!
manner. * , ~ ' /
Ther*. has been a large growth dur-.i
ing tho .last six^yeats in . the Interest j
th_e. United .-States -has In Korean C9m
merce.- In 1903 the United States. so' d ;
directly to Korea goods worth $400,000. .
This amount does not include articles^
sent to China and Japan which ware*,
subsequently shipped into Korea fronv:
those" .countries;'? Many; articles ;' go
through j China anjd Japan that I evoin.- •
ually reach the -consumers of Korea, i
Therefdre Director': Goodwin estimates
ihat the Korean trade with this coun
try would show a much larger bulk if
it could all be carefully traced.
The imoorts are chiefly cotton' and
v oolen goods.% metals, kerosene, 3ilk
and the machinery for the use of, the
railroads and those '> that are engayied |
in their construction. The chief ex- i
ports are rice, beans, hides, 'girisang j
and copper. ' Director Goodwin" shows ;
the extent to which Japan is now, in
terested in the commerce of Korea.
"The/trade of Korea with Japan," j
says Mr. Goodwin, "is growing more j
rapidly, than, with any other country,.',
the importations of cotton goods from
Japan amounting to from two to trir-?e
million yen annually. Cotton goods are
the largest single commodity in the
value of. importations into Korea.i
amounting from six to seven million yen j
annually. Silk goods imported amount j
to about 1,500,000 yen per annum." j
These and other facts have been am- J
bodied in .a circular to the members j
of the Pacific Commercial Museum.!
Pne leading statement is that the act-j
ual trade through non-treaty ports is "
probably double that of the. treaty j
ports.^ 4 '.;; , .-' -,:.'/. ,C.~, .
A systematic study, of the commerce
of Korea has been made by: Director
Goodwin of. the Pacific Commercial.Mu
seum. 'The results are^ interesting "at
this time especially, when Russia and
Japan are battling* 1 for in
•the Korean trade . territory. Director
Goodwin finds that the annual volume
Deputy Superintendent of Schools W.
B. Howard will, at the request of his
superior. Superintendent Langdon, re
tire from his position on May 1, to
make room for Henry Suzzalo, who
formerly held one of the deputyshipa.
In asking for Howard's resignation
Langdon by no means casts any re
flections on his ability and efficiency
in the place, but it is simply a case of
Howard succumbing to the political ex
igencies.
Howard was the fourth deputy ap
pointed .by former Superintendent , of
Schools Webster, and has held the plac»
ever since Langdon assumed office In
January of last year, although Lang
don asked for the resignations of the
other three of Webster's deputies al
most immediately after taking office.
It was supposed that the deputies were
appointed for a term of four years, but
the Superior Court decided that they
held office at the pleasure of the Su
perintendent of Schools. Howard's
four-year term will expire In May. and
thus he has reaped the benefit at a
full term. Howard will retire with
the good wishes of all those with whom
he has come in contact, Including the
School Directors, principals, teachers
and his coworkers.
Suzzalo, who is about to- return from
Columbia University, where he held an
important post in the educational de
partment, will be appointed to the va
cancy created by Howard's retirement.
Suzzalo is on a year's leave of absence
and was succeeded last May by Arthur
A. McCurda. but at the time It wa3
understood that McCurda's appoint
ment was merely temporary.
McCurda has been doing good work
in his position and Superintendent
Langdon is desirous of retaining him.
That Langdon will do so seems to be
assured, and Suzzalo will take How
ard's place in order to leave McCurda
undisturbed. . ; v "'¦-/¦
Former Incumbent Will Be
Eeappointed and Leave Ar
thur McCurda Undisturbed
STJZZALO WILL BETUKX
LnrgG Growth in Interest
' Th is Couirtry Has in Land
TliattXqw Is Battle Grouiul
STATISTICS OFB.USINESS
? ? • • •
"Won't you come home. Bill Bailey,
iKiWon'C you come jh6me?"i -, -\
Warbled Mary/ Anderson, *as she prora
eliaded ; along ? the s riorth ; side of ; Mar
ket .street -while that thoroughfare
was 'crowded with pedestrians, last
-Monday/ evening." Her; vocalism ; was'
loud -'enough '_ to", make her the c*_8erved
of all observers,; and ; a : crowd of'adrnir
irig ;smaH ;:, boys "dogged ; her uncertain
footsteps. 1 Patrolman'Dolanwt^'stand
ing 'at, ; Mason /arid Turk i streets when
he \ heard \ the' singer, and his fine" sense
of i harmony ( was ; shOQked ; by the ruth
less ,wav ? in which • she \ managed , her
cresceridos> • So '¦¦ he booked her for, dis
turbing'the. peace,
'¦• '"¦ Mary, did {/not '{ look i happy as she
faced the ; penetrating ; eye . of his Honor
Mdsarir por/did she" seem' to ,be; sur/
Edward,Eldridge,, and three other
youths in their teens '.were drunk and
"doingthe tenderloin" when a patrol
man .overhauled; them; and a search
of : Master; Eld ridge's pockets was. re
warded'bv* the discovery; of a'murdeV
ous-lobking ','blackjack" and a . ; black
handkerchief with eye holes, such" as is
worn \ by: stage burglars. As t the de
fendant could not . explain X to the sat
isfaction of ; Judse Cabaniss how he
came] to ; haive such articles in his pos
gession,' he • to the County
Jail for four .months.
When the mitten was given to Mr.
Harry Crouch bv Miss Mandy John
son he went to her ' boudoir on Pa
cific street and asked that she return
to him 'several rnaterial tokens of af
fection he had given her dtoring the
halcyon days of their courtship.' Miss
Mandy,: either would not or could not
'comply with the request, arid then
Mr. \ Crouch * cuffed | her
kinky coiffure.' Batter jTwas the' charge
entered in her complaint. ¦ \,~
"He slugged me mbs'/shameful," said
Miss Mandy t6 Judge Fritz, Vjes kase
I didn't fly to git him the^trash he
gev me.". -. '
"Doan* yo'. b'lieve dat vah . yahn,
Jedge,'' Mr. Crouoh implored." "Dis yah
gal's a ¦ tryin" ter . railroad, me, : dat's
what's, she's a tfyin' ter do. I nebbah
slugged her; I didn't eben gib her . de
tiniest biff. I tole her dat ¦ I» wanted
dem presents back, an' she gits in de
maddest "¦ flutter yo' eber ; sees and has
me pinched.. :No, sah, Jedge, dar wuz
no 'sault an' no battery." ., v
, v As , there; was no corroborative testi
mony for the defense, the court or
dered -;Mr. Crouch to appear for sen
tence this morning. -
gible.
The time was 1: SO a. m. yesterday,
and,,;the'. place was Broadway, near
»Hinckley-;alley,. where Monsieur Per
saglio and Monsieur /Ramponi were dis
cussing a private matter, when an in
tcxicated and unkempt .unknown ob
truded, his presence * and insisted on
participating in the conversation. They
'mildly bade him begone, and he re
torted, by "endeavoring- to clasp both of
them'iii his arms." Then he was struck,
and as he" staggered away into the
darkness the officer emerged from it
and arrested them. ,
V"Ah, sacre! It vas ze sham'— ze out
radge!" exclaimed M. Persaglio. with
elevated /shoulders, outstretched hands
i arid indignant brows. "Ar-r-restez we.
i and ze hood-lum— ze ho-bo-he go free."
I "Aftair ze in-sult we receif! Mon
I Dleu!" screamed M. Ramponi, with
gesture of miogled grief and horror.
.-"Gentlemen, be calm, I pray you,"
requested the Judge. "The Jar con
i veyed to vour feelings is appreciated
! and made allowance for. by this court.
j Please get out and stay out. Back
I to the boulevards, if you .-cannot ab
j stain from holding heart-to-heart talks
at! 1:30 a. m.'in the vicinity of
way and Hincklev alley."
Without the aid of an interpreter, S.
Persaglio and M. Itampani, gentlemen
of France who are amusing themselves
4n this country by serving at table in
an O'Farrell street rotisserie, convinced
Judge Mogan that they were more sin
ned against than sinning when Police
men Stelzner -scooped them in and
charged them .with disturbing the
peace. ' They, pleaded with hands, el
bows, shoulders and brows as well . as
vocally., and it was the pantomimic
show that made their, narrative intelli-
Judge Fritz was the recipient of two
alimony payments by as many reluct
ant divorcees.
Judge Cabaniss had the case of Leon
ard P. Cleves, who contemptuously tore
to pieces the order of court command
ing, him to contribute to the mainte
nance of his divorced wife: The orig
inal document. was shown to Cleves by
Attorney Edward W. Madden, and
Cloves angrily grabbed and destroyed
it and then struck Madden. He will
be sentenced to-day for battery.
John Curran . failed to provide for his
sickly 14-year-old daughter after • he
had been divorced, and yesterday his
former wife had him before Judge Mo
gan. ' It came out. in testimony that
Curran '.remarried anf that his second
wife- presented him with two healthy
children. He pleaded inability- to . sup
port f two* families,; a./ his earnings as
an agent are. meager. •
"You , had \ no business to undertake
the? raising of !, a second family while
your, first; one \vas unable to support
itself," said the -tfudge, "and if you
do not pay" into this court $10 a month
for the . support j of your, invalid daugh
ter I Uvill send you to' Jail, and thus de
prive your latest family of a provider."
• Mr. Cunan-paicf $5 as earnest of his
intention* to abide by the court's de-,
cree. ;¦-.'.'. •¦'..*'¦" ' ... ' ¦
. Cfne of the voluntary functions of
each , of the four Police Judges is to
collect alimony for- women, who have
been awarded the same by the Supe
rior Court and whom that 1 tribunal can
not help further; Each'of the magis
trates has a register of men, who have
vainly tried to avoid contributing to
the,' support of their former helpmeets,
and almost every day some such would
be defaulter is j brought up (" -. with ' - a
round/turn and made, to pay into court
the sum he was ordered to pay by
the Superior Judge. When there . are
children in the -case the magistrates
are especially insistent. / j
' Louis Pacheco's fiancee, a very pretty
girl, sat. beside him in Judge Fritz's
court while witnesses told of how he
had stolen a pair of diamond earrings
from a Jewelry stt'e. "When she was
called to the witness stand, the young
woman glanced encouragingly at her
betrothed and with modest emphasis
declared she believed in his innocence.
."Why should he steal?" she asked
the prosecuting attorney. "When he
took me out to buy a present for me
he had more ~ than $100 : in his pocJfet,
Seventeen-year-old Gustav Benar
was such an Idle fellow that his wid
owed mother had him consigned to the
naval training station on Goat Island,
but he had not been there long when
the routine became irksome and be es
caped and returned to the maternal
roof tree. That was early in January
last, and Gustar never contributed one
cent for bed, board or clothing, until
his mother, through sheer necessity,
was obliged to have him arrested for
vagrancy. Judge Mogan sent the hulk
ing youth back. to Goat Island, where
he has three more* years to serve be
fore Uncle Sam will release him.
Down from Mare Island came Wil
liam Mowlder. a navy yard machinist,
to spend Sunday In the household of
one of his oldest and most highly es
teemed friends. He, co,uld not explain
to Judge Cabaniss how it came to pass
that his visit resulted in his arrest, for
he had no recollection of throwing. his
friend's family out of their dwelling
arid hurling sundry articles of furni
ture after them, in which labor he was
strenuously occupied when the ejected
ones rallied and had him arrested. Ten
dollars or ten days, and the fine was
paid.
Thomas and fteorge confessed' that
they were fond of displaying their ap
parel where its radiance would be en
hanced by ; sunbeams, but they failed
to prove visible means of support.
Then they were remanded for a week.
"These chaps are afflicted with the
sun-bath habit," said Patrolman T. J.
Cavanaugh as . he accused Thomas
Bunch and George Stewart, flashily
attired young colored men, of^vagrancy.
"They do nothing except ehafee the sun
all day and loaf around saloons all
right," continued the officer, "and I
can't find any honest channel through
which their glad rags are obtained."
Albert Mulberry and John Johnson,
had been \ making a night of. it and
were "awaiting the arrival of an ow!
car at Halght and Stanyan streets
when three waiters, who had also been
sipping nocturnal pleasures, joined
them in waiting. The quintet began
discussing the irregularity of the t cara
that fly by night and the argument
soon became so earnest that a battle
royal resulted. Mulberry and Johnson
being pitted against the trio of nap
kin flourishers. They were all mixed
up when' a brace of patroTmen arrived
and arrested Mulberry -and Johnson,
it being shown that they had been the
aggressors throughout. Judge Fritz
will deliver sentence to-day, "".v
After quarreling at 4 o'clock yester
day morning, in their common apart
ment at 634% Broadway, both Ernest
Vanueci and Silvia, his uimedded wife,
decided that. they would\part to meet
no more on this sphere, 'in pursuance
of that resolve the man — as men some
times, do— went forth to seek forget
fulness in strong drink, while the
woman — as women frequently do- — de
termined to find oblivion in the grave.
So she swallowed a large dose of po
tassium of something and lay down
to die, in. which condition she was
found by the man, who had returned
to ask her for. more money with Which
to precipitate his flight to sodden ine
briety. He was sUH sufficiently sober
to realize that delay in summoning aid
for the woman might prove fatal to
her and inconvenient to himself, so
h«; lost no time, in getting her removed
to the Receiving Hospital. There she
responded to restoratives and was soon
pronounced but . 6t danger, and then
both she ana the 'man were arrested
and booked, for; vagrancy. They will
be tried before Judge . Mogan next
Tuesday.
prised when he remarked that he had
seen her before.
"Yes," she murmured, "you saw me
standing where I am' now, and you
handed me six months for vagrancy.
I was released] from the County Jail
yesterday morning; and - here I .am
again."
, "Your vocal exercise was in cele
bration of ; your return to freedom, I
suppose?" ventured the Judge.
"Yep," replied Mrs. Anderson, "and
I suppose I'll get six months more
fOrJt."
"I- wouldn't wonder.^ But we'll de
cide that to-morrow."
W. B. Howard, After Honor
able Service, Succumbs to
the Political Exigencies
Director Goodwin Gets Facts
Showing Value of Market
for the Wares of America
KOREA'S TRADE
IS DISCUSSED
SCHOOL DEPUTY
IS TO RETIRE
PiLIGE JUDGES COLLECT
FROM ALIMONY SHIRKERS
Divorced Women Who Have Been Awarded
Support by. Superior Co\irt Find the Mag
istrates Willing to .,; Help Them Along
THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 20. '1904.
Sand That Blocks Entrance to Southern Bay: Disappears Before
Suction Pumps" and Leaves Clear a Channel Capable of
' Floating the Largest; Vesselsr-Great Boon to- Navigators
HARBOR OF SAN DIEGO IMPROVED
WITH AID OF MAMMOTH DREDGER
4
JNO. J. FTJLTON CO.
Diabetes in
Melbourne
The Sierra, Just Arrived, Reports,
Seven More Cases Recovering
rUnder the Fulton Compounds,
and Brings an Order for An-
¦ ether Shipment by Return
Steamer. r - -
Afi ONTHS ago we made a sh'ipment'of
. * the Fulton Compounds to the Union
Manufacturing and "*Aeency Co. of 359
Collins street. -~: Melbourne./ Australia.
They wrote that it was a trial order and
that it they were, as "we claimed, actual
cures for- Diabetes and Bright's Disease,
tbey 'would want more of them.
I The steamer Sierra, that arrived last
Friday. /brought a letter from 4jiir same
company, dated March 21, 1904,, from
.which. we condense the following:
"Send twelve dozen of the Diabetes
•^Compound by the return of this vessel.
"We harre seven cases of Diabetes using
**the- Compound, Md most. If not all the
"cases 'geera ' to be progressing: satisfac-
torily. Please do not lose a day In get-
"ting this supply shipped. You can, of
"course, understand the importance of
"'mak'tiw the treatment continuous."*
•-. We ehlpped a, lot of the Compounds for"
both S Briphf s Disease t and Diabetes to
the J. B. R>"als Drug • Co., '"¦ of Cordele,
Ga.. some months ago. We have just be-
fore us a tetter from: the company,- dated
April Sf. in which they say:
"We have now living testimonials here
'land , are building up a good trada on
-Jyour ' compounds."-
, The whole world is waking up to the
fact that Bright's Disease and Diabetes
are now curable by the Fulton Com-
pbundi. Send for literature and list < of
agents to inou J. Fulton Co.. 408; Wash-
Ing street. San Francisco, »ole com--
poundcra. ¦ tSBtSSSktsfc- -'*
»* - -4 ¦• ' ' ' .
y . • . . - ¦ . ¦ ' . .
Materiau: — F °ur ounces of JtL
\ cheese, about two tahlespoonfuls of CawS
,^^___^<^y^*4») ale; 8ait ' c »>' c nne and dry mustard, '
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE
I Seaswiing i^^^tVcateyoorlrabWt;^ that is done; if, while
. s V^n n 8 e toothsome compound, you have added a
. t^?P° OIlfu l> r more of Lea cL PerrinV Saoce. It gives
the master touch which gourmets will recognize with
delight. . • .
;• .".;'. : ',•¦''.'.-'¦¦.-/:."¦-'/.,. , J0 " N DUNCAN'S SONS, Ajenu, NIW YORK.NAPA. April 19. — The Napa State
Hospital will this summer try the
novel experiment of irrigating with
salt water. At the asylum railroad
etation, a mile south of town, there is
a crude oil pumping plant where oil is
pumped from the cars up to the insti
tution. The Napa River runs by this
station. Chief Engineer Joe McDonald
proposes to utilize the pumping en
gine and large pipe to bring the water
from the river into the gardens for ir
rigation. The plan was placed before
the State Lunacy Commission, which
met here last week, and the members
of the commission were favorable to
its being tried.
Chief Ensrinecr. of Napa State Hos
pital Will Make Novel
Experiment.
WILL TRY SALT- WATEK
FOR IRRIGATION*
SAY; EXTENSION OF TILE
- ; :usEAWAL<L IS NECESSARY
G1VES LECTURE ON EGYPT.— Dr. Geores
Stelndortt of Leipsic University delivered a lec
ture last night at the First Unitarian Church
on '"Egypt and Its Customs and People."
To-night the welcoming speech to the
visitors will be delivered by City At
torney Booth, and will be responded
to by Senator- J. R. Knowland. Mrs.
A. . S. Forbes will read a . paper, the
"History of the Camino Real; move
ment from its inception to the present
time," to be followed ¦ by.. W. R. Bacon
of Los Angeles with an address
"Plans . and Purposes ; of the Camino
Real Movement." And the good Santa
Barbaranos-have prepared a dazzling
programme of las jdtas % and fandangoes
and \ various other; Spanish • Joys f err! the
delectation of the visitor-). And :*to-
WELCOME BY BOOTH.
SANTA BARBARA, April 19. —
Santa Barbara in In the hands of the
Camino Real delegates, such of them
as are not held up on th^ way by a
washout between Ventura arid » Car
pinteria. The delegates arrived at a
wretchedly early morning hour in a
downpour of rain and were met by a
smiling delegation from the local
Board of Trade. News of the washout
caused a delay in the calling to order
of the convention, which was sched
uled for 2 o'clock,- but the intervening
hours -were gaily spent in caucusing
and canvassing and extending the
hand of brotherly lo^ve to the fellow
delegates from down south. Such a
manifestation of domestic love has
been rarely "met with twixt the north
ern and southern representatives in
the conventions of earlier growth. .
It was not until the town clock
told 4:20 that A. P. Fleming of Los
Angeles, chairman of the Los Angeles
committee of 100, called the conven
tion to order, the overdue contingent
still being delinquent. In~ a short
speech of welcome Fleming outlined
the causes of the call for the con
vention and introduced the Rev. War
ren D. Moore, who pronounced the in
vocation. Senator Joseph R. Know
land of Alameda and others then ad
vised the postponement of 'detail pro
ceedings until the arrival of the Los
Angelenos, with the exception of ef
fecting temporary organization. On
motion of W. R. Bacon, president of
the Southern California History So
ciety, A. P. Fleming was nominated
for temporary chairman. His unan
imous election followed, likewise 'that
of Mrs. A. P. Hill of San Jose',* as tem
porary secretary. A motion then pre
vailed that pending the evening ses-
Bibn tl\e chair appoint three commit
tees of five members each, one on cre
dentials, another, on permanent organ
ization and order of business and the
third on resolutions, the chair to re
port at the night session.
Camino Real Delegates Meet
to 3Iake Plans to Preserve
Paths of the Missionaries
The officers had not searched *he
neighborhood long before their at
tention was . attracted . by cries , issufrg
from the deck of the Hecla. '
Upon their arrival at the schooner
they found McLaughlin. His accom
plice had made . good _ his escape. Mc-
Laughlin was taken to' the Central sta
tion, where,' they were booked on
charges of attempted robbery, robbery
and. carrying a concealed weapon. .As
yet. the other man has not been appre
hended.
William McLaughlin was caugrht in
the act of holding up Daniel Short on
board the scow schooner Heckia last
night by two police officers that were
looking, for him for another hold-up
that occurred earlier in the evening.
Shortly after 8 o'clock last night
Fred- Smith was held up by two men
on the corner of ' Third and Berry
streets. McLaughlin held a : re
volver before Smith, . while another
thief went through his pockets. It
developed that Smith had only 55
cents on his person, and .In a rage
McLaughlin struck him on the Jrfw
with his revolver.* '
Smith straightway notified the po
lice of his experience and Officers
Bruce and Connolly were detailed to
look for the thieves.
WILL PRESERVE
GREAT HIGHWAY
William Mclaughlin Holds
Up a Man on Board Scow
and Lands Behind Bars
* ICEW YORK, April 19. — Colonel W.
I\ Clough. vice president and general
counsel of the Northern Securities
Company, when informed of the de
nial by the United States Circuit Court
at St. Paul of the petition by Messrs*
Fourth— An intervention is not neces
sary to enable the petitioners to pro
tect any pecuniary interest or equity
they have. . -
Third— The stock of the two railroad
companies is not in the custody of the
court.
Second— No one but the United States
can successfully appeal to the court to
enjoin th«» execution of that plan, on
the proifnd that it is in violation of
the Sherman anti-trust act and the
United States expresses satisfaction
Tiith the present decree.
ST. PAUL. April 19.— In the United
States Circuit Court to-day Judges
tianborn, Thayer, Vanderventer and
Hook unanimously denied the applica
tion of E. H. Harriman and Winslow
Pierce and the Oregon Short Line Rail
w>ad Company, for leave to intervene
in the case of the United States against
the Northern Securities Company on
the following grounds: ""S
First— The plan of the directors of
the Northern Securities Company for
the distribution of the stock of the
Great Northern and Northern Pacific-
Railway companies is not violative of
the decree in the Northern Securities
case.
Court Will Not Grant Peti
tion of Harriman in the
Northern Securities Case
DENIES RIGHT
TO INTERVENE
A representative of the Harriman in
terests said that the* decision is Just
what they 'expected it would be. The
suit was brought in the United States
Circuit Court merely as a matter of
form, so as to give Minnesota an op
portunity to exercise*Jurisdiction in the
case if it so desired.
"Our conclusion is that the petition
ers should not intervene and import
Into the case new issues to be tried.
The due enforcement of the decree
does not necessitate such action and
if it so happens that the decree of tn"is
court in favor of the Government
creates a situation which shall give
rise to controversies between stock
holders of the securities company as
to how the holdings of that company**
in the two railway companies ought to
be distributed or what "should be done
with such holdings, these are questions
which can be settled among the stock
holders themselves.
"Leave to intervene is denied."
"Applications for leave to intervene
in a case after the entry of 'a final de
cree are very unusual. They are never
granted as a matter of course, and
owing to the tendency of such app'i
cations to occasion delay and prolong
the existing legislation they ought not
to be granted unless it is necessary to
do so to preserve some right which
cannot otherwise be protected or to
avoid some complication that is liable
to arise. ],':!.•_; '<''¦ '.'
Harriman and Pierce regarding the
proposed stock distribution, said that
the result was just what he had ex
pected, but beyond that statement he
refused to express himself.
One of the counsel for the Northern
Securities Company said the decision
at St. Paul will 'merely throw the ap
plication for an injunction out of
court and any appeal would not carry
with it a stay of the proceedings, be
cause if it did so much a stay would
practically grant the injunction.
The court in discussing: the reasons
for the decree, after reciting the
grounds put forth by Harriman and
Pierce for leave to intervene, says:
:- ! ; 1*6, .:¦ :¦-. U ? .• , ., j c ¦
protest; was!pverrule4, and fifty Hearst
men shouted- for; the: question. , But: the
convention* was 'not' to- be stampeded.
R. G. ' Smith-. scrambled 1 back -oh the
I platform and ; because he";is -a* little' man
with a big Voice . the' delegates husfeed
their clamcrr". for^ moment. .
STATE TICKET. -^^p
The 'convention elected .the follow
ing State* ticket:;;*. , ; . '. . . . '¦ •
Supreme » Judce, Thomas : Congress
man from -First- District. 3.' B.tSlmmons; Con-
Kreaninan from , Second . District, . Robert - Beach
Lane; Dairy and ' Food Commissioner.. S.' M.
Douglas; ; Tresrdential electors-^John ' A. \ Jef
frey. T. H. Crawford, W. B: DUier andJ.<-H.5
Smith. Legislative ticket— For .Joint Senator
from Lane/-: Douglas and- Josephine count^t..
Clark Bllycu : f cp.m . Union . and . Wallowa' coun
ties. W. F. Hunter; Joint Representative from
Polk and -Lincoln counties.'A.-B. Clark; Joint
Senator .from Sherman, Gilllam and Wheeler
counties. .W.;l. Wiloox; Joint Representatives
from Sherman: GUllarn and -Wheeler coun
ties,- ;C.»f; F<-;* Fulton : and ..Eugene-; Looney;
Joint Senator > from Multnomah. Washington
and Columbia -counties. J;* F. 'Mllner; Joint
Representative ¦' from Multnomah and - Clacka-;
mas counties,. J...E.: Hedges;. Joint Representa
tive from" Yamhlll and 'Tillamook counties. C.
W. Taltnagej Joint Representative from Mor
row and ; Uroatilla , counties. -F.- B. . Holbrook:
Joint Senator from Tamhill. Tillamook and.
Lincoln' counties. -Dr. E.'. E. '•Go'ucher: Joint
Representative ., from.. Jackson _ and Douglas
counties, .W. L. .Bridges; Joint Representatives
from Grant. ."Crook. Klamath and Lake coun
ties, J.":B. ,. Griffith' and. J. • A.. Taylor; ."Joint
Senator from' Grant, I Crook. • Klamath ¦ ar;d
Lake counties;-. W. .A.' Booth; < Joint . Senator
from" Union, and '.'-Wallowa-. • counties, Byron
Miller. . :'";-.'."
•• Judicial- ticket: '•¦. First .•'Judicial^ District-
Circuit -'Judges.-. J.' R. Nell . and ..William - S.
Crowell: - District . Attorneys. 4 A. E. Reams
and \V. --J" * Moor*.- •• Second 'Judicial
District— Circuit . Judge. J. W.7. Hamil
ton; District Attorney, - L. M. Travis.
Third Judicial _I)l8.trict— Circuit. ;Judges,.R. -.P.
Boyce and William Gallowaj-; District Attor
ney. J.' J~ Whitney. V Fpurth Judicial District—
Circuit ¦Judges,"-. D. W.' -Allen ".for. No.. 1 'and
R. O'Neill for- Xo. 3; District Attorney. 1 John
Manning.'-.' Sixth — District .'Attorney, . J. .> H.
Raley. ¦ ;. Sevenths-Circuit. Judge,' W.I L. ,Brad
shuw; :'- Districts Attorney,' Daniel ; Smythe.
Eighth— District'-. Attorney,'. Samuel ¦¦- White.
Ninth — Circuit Judge, Morton j'B.! Clifford; Dis
trict Attorney. Everett., Hlp.ks; . ; „ . . ~ , -'.. ,'
POLICE CATCH
DARING ROBBER
' .'J Rev. -..'Dr. Alexander ' .Macintosh,
canon'of. the St. Andrew Cathedral of
Honolulu and chaplain of the Order
of Elks , of Hawaii, arrived on the
steamship Alameda yesterday and is
at^theSt.'i Francis.
; William K. Vanderbilt and wife are
due«' : here'. from New York on Thurs
day..: They f are coming to San Fran
cisicp' K ini, connection' with »_the final dis
tributiohVbf the Fair estate, of which
Mrs': '.yariderbilt is ; to receive a large
share.' I--..-'- ' • •
\ W. .B. .Buckminster of Boston, who
controls the quicksilver market of the
country;* is at the Palace.
.': j;TA:>Mahon, Superior Judge of
Kern-County, is up from Bakersfield
and'-. registered at the. Lick. . I'^'J VT"
1 'Joseph D. Farreli. a-postofflce in
spector,' 1 ' arrived- here yesterday * from
.Chicago: and is registered at the Oc
cidental: 1 ;^:'/;^
• 'E^R; Perkins of New York, second
vice^prgsident of the New York Life
Insurance. Company, is a guest at^the
St.. Francis..
. W. ;J.> Chamberlain of Denver and
J. -'H. ; Robeson of Georgetown, prom
inent? mining men of Colorado, are at
the "St." Francis.
: The- Rev. • Dr. C. C.I Tiffany, of New
YoTrkKwho has been visiting the
Hawaiian-; Islands, returned yesterday
and Jis"' registered at the St. 'Francis. ,
U Dr..G." A. Dungan of Eureka is. at
the 7 Lickv
.'I. L. _Miller, clerk of Kern> County,
is at the Lick.
, . A.^>P.i;'Booth, an attorney of Sacra
.mento, -is at the Lick.
. ' Dr...S.. C. Spotteswoode of Orange,
N. ; J.', is at the Palace.
.' Wi . C." Patterson, a banker of Los
Angeles,-is atthe.Palace.
'" W.'.H.'Garretson, a merchant of
Benicia; is at the Occidental.
' : R. ;C.'^punsmuir, one of the coal
barons, of 'Victoria, is at the Palace. '
,T. W.'Hobr'on, a well-known drug
gist of Honolulu, is at the Occidental.
• James a wealthy brewer of
Carrickfergus, Ireland, and wife are at
the Palace.'
. A- Macneil, . a wealthy hardware
merchant of Melbourne, is registered
at-thejPalace. * ¦¦;.' • /:, -,/: ;
Continued ¦, From Page 1,, Column , 1.
. Credentials— J. ,T.; Richards, , C. * .A.
Black, Mrs! I Eva ', Bussenius, H.' E. Car
ter. C E.'Washburn.V *. ,'\ . "
' Permanent organization; and 'ordeivof
businessT^scar^C. : Mueller, -W/.J.'.Va
riel, : A. B. -Barker,- Frank ¦ P. -Frary, Mrs.
Cora; Siff ord. , ., j •* * . ,..'-.. ; ; '
: Resolutions— Senator ,W.R. Bacon
(chairman), Frank Ey, : J. R. Knowland,
Senator B. F." Hahn;- Mrs; E." O. ! Smith.
. XAMES,- COMMITTEES.
i' The committees selected by Chairman
Fleming, 1 are; as * follows::;;; ; "j
The following delegates' presented
their credentials at the afternoon ses
sion: J. T. Richards,; Newman ' Club,
Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce;
S. D. Merk. -Paso Robles: .Mrs. -Alice
Huse Shaw, California , Federation pt
Woman's Clubs; Gail Borden, San Ga
briel and Alhambra El Camino Real
Association; - Mrs. C. K. Wittenmeyer,
Third District Native Daughters; Os
car C. Muller, Automobile Club of
Southern California; L. E. Blochman,'
Santa" Maria Chamber of Com
merce; C. D. Campbell,, Johns
ton; »A. B. Barker, Fifth Dis-;
trict Native Sons; Caroline • Rickey
Olhey, Federation of Woman's Clubs;
F. M. Gallagher, Los Angeles History
Association; C. A. -Black, San Miguel
Gun Club; Professor A. B. Shaw, Palo
Alfij Board of Trade; I. Mann, Kings,'
Monterey County. Chamber of Com-,
merce; Jules Klein, Lompoc Chamber of
Commerce; Frank Ey, city of Santa
Ana; Mrs. E. O. Smith, San Jose, Feder
ation of Women's Clubs; W. H. White
sell, Los Angeles, County Cycle Board
of Trade; C. E. Washburn, 'Los An
geles delegate at large " representing
Governor; Mrs. J. R. Knowland, Call-!
fornia Federation of Women's Clubs;
Walter R. Bacon, Historical Society. of
Southern California; Mrs. Eva T.'Bus-'
senius. Seventh District Native Daugh
ters; Charles . K. Alley, city of. South 1
Pasadena; Eliza D. Keith, Daughter of
California Pioneers ; Benjamin 1 H.
Hahn. Pasadena ; Board of Trade; W.
J. .Variel, city of Los Angeles; Orpha
W. Foster, Ventura "County r Associa
tion Women's. Club; .Hon. Frank;P..F. ;
Frary, San Diego Chamber | of Com
merce; Henry . E.' Carter, J Speaker
of Assembly, San Diego; B.h; Cass,
Auto Club of Los Angeles; - Mrs. 'A.. S.'
C;. Forbes, California ; Federation ,of
Women's Clubs ; • T. G. Gabbert! : Board
of Supervisors, Ventura; F. M. Wright;
California; Promotion Committee; ,NJ
Ellery, State Highway Commissioner;
J. R.* Knowland; city of Alamcda and
Historic Landmarks Association; Mrs.
J. J R. Nolan, Federation of "Womenls
Clubs; W." W. Broughton, Supervisor;
Santa Barbara County, ; city ot ¦'• Lompoc; ;
Mrs. W. W. ', Broughton, preslde'rit^ LaV
dies' Book Club, Lompoc; Isidore,' L
Dockweiler, '. Native _ Sons. . seventh J dis
trict;. Rev. Charles Merrill, and D.\W.
Hunt, Glendale" Improvement Assbclaf
tion; C. E. Patterson, r Board of Super
visors of Los Angeles; -Mrs. Lillian Ferf
guson, Mrs. Laura Bride, Powers, .San
Francisco : El . Camino Real ' Central
Committee.. 1/-. .,„..._ .. ', ' '.
morrow, with the ¦ arrival of • the be-!
lated people,' the convention, will get
down to business.' ¦* .
PERSONAL.
OB EG OJT S 1 : D E L£ G ATES : N DT \ B 0 U K D
It is obvious that since the accession of
Prrsiflent Roosevelt to the Presidency the
thoughtful sentiment of the country ha* be
come distrustful of his administration and
fearful of the consequences of his extraordi
nary erratic and autocratic assumption and
exercise or power. .
All that conservative men feared as a result
of hia acresalon to power ras come to pas*.
Safe dignified administration had plven way
to strenuous, ppectacular partisanship. Na
tional and International problems of vast im
port have become the sport of personal ambi
tion and have been fashioned and molded as
eifppine stone* to the Presidential eucc^ssion.
To-day the country finds tn Theodore Roose
vel* a standing menace to constitutional gov
ernment to international peace and to buFl
ness stability and prosperity. It turns to the
Democratic urbanization for safety and relief—
to that party of conservatism which from Its
birth and through so many years was the bul-
HARRISBURG. April 19. — After
dwelling at length upon the "political
wrong" perpetrated by the Republican
party in Pennsylvania and an alleged
attempt to discredit and dishonor our
Supreme Court "by making the high
est judgeship a mere perquisite of a
corrupt machine and a place of exile
or reward for those who hinder or
help its selfish purposes." the platform
adopted to-day by the Democratic
State convention says:
Platform Adopted at Harrisburg De
nounces Policy of President. .
SCORES ADMINISTRATION*.
At 2:45 o'clock the committee on per
manent organization reported on the se
lection of Senator A. G. Dewalt as per
manent chairman. The report was
adopted. Dewalt said in part:
"Unless sijrns of the times are falsely
read bv those who are deemed to know 1
something of public opinion, the time j
la ripe for the success of the great
Democratic party. Its principles and
Its platform should be to-day what they
have always been — a demand for hon
rsly and sanity in the administration
of public affairs and a cessation of
spectacular government T)y a President
•whose every move is made toward his
When the convention was called to
Order Frank J. Fitxslmmons was chosen
temporary chairman. He said that the
Republican party of Pennsylvania is
dead to State pride and individual lib
.erty, and that the serfs of the plains
of Siberia have more Independence than
have the "cringing machine-ridden and
boss-worshiping pack of slaves who be
long to the party given glory by Lin
coln and a long list of illustrious states
men."
After caustic reference to the "muz
xler bill" and Governor Pennypacker,
Fitzsimmcns closed with the statement
that "President Roosevelt is a constant
source cf unrest to the American peo
ple and a menace to the peace of the
country. He would like to build up a
new nation on his own ideals. He would
like to hav*e the senseless rough rider
take the place of common sense 'Uncle
Sam* find San Juan Hill substituted for
Bunker H11L"
The delegates at Jarre to the national
convention are Coload James Guffey.
State chairman; J. J. K. Pulsey, ex-
Governor Robert E. Pattison and Rob
ert E. Wright.
The national delegates and electors
chosen, by the delegates from the Fif
teenth and Twenty-second districts are
contested. The contests were referred
to a committee to be appointed by State
Chairman HalL Chairman Hall will
"b*» elected to-iaorrow by the State com- t
zsittee at its annual session.
FTTZSIMMONS TALKS.
BrARRXSBrRG. Pa-. April IS.— The
Democratic State Convention, which
TT&9 fceld here to-day, refused to !n
stract tn« national delegates from
PesnsyJvanla to vote for the nomina
tion cf Judps Alton B. Parker of New
York for President- These delegates
vail go to St. Louis uninstructed and
-frill be bound t»y the unit rule. An at
teicpt xva» made by the members of
the resolutions committee to amend the
platform by 1 substituting for the unit
rule plank a paragraph Instructing the
delegates for Judge Parker. It failed,
and the slatform as adopted by the
committee was unanimously adopted
by tne convention.
Justice Samuel Qustlae Thompaon^of
Philadelphia, was nominated by aoda-
Tnotirm for Supreme Court Justice
to succeed himself for the full term of
twenty-one years. He Is at present a
member of the Supreme Court by ap
pointment of Governor Pennypacker
-ti/4 >!<¦« commission win expire next
January.
Davis delivered a brief speech in sup
port of his amendment, which was re
jected by a viva voce vote, after which
the platform was adopted, and the con
vention adjourned.
"Resolved, That the delegates at
large from the State of Pennsylvania
to the National Convention of the
Democratic party to ' be held in the
city of St. Louis July 6, 1904. be and
the same are hereby Instructed to use
all honorable means by ballot and
otherwise to secure the nomination of
Hon. Alton B. Parker of New York for
President of the United States."
At the meeting of the resolutions
committee Park H. Davis of. North
ampton offered the following amend
ment to the plank relating to the unit
rule:
"This great feeling of uncertainty,-.
this widespread impression that the
President is not a Eafe man, that he
lacks poise and good judgment, has
caused the conservative and intelligent
voter of the country to again turn
his eyes to the Democrats for relief
and safety."
Dewalt also said that the Democrats
demand for the people of the country
an equitable revision of the tariff laws,
an increased navy to protect and in
crease our foreign commerce, liberal
and just pension laws and just laws
of taxation, so that the burden thereof
may be equally distributed and the fa
voring of some classes to the detriment
of other-3 may cease.
UNIT RUIiE STANDS, i
own succession In the White House.
The prudence, safety and patriotism
of a McKinley have given way to the
schemes of a Rough Rider, whose
strenuous methods have more than
once caused the nation to tremble lest
over night some act of his and through
him his party would cause all citizens
untold misfortune.
The platform instructs the delegates
to the national convention ."to vote as
a unit in all matters entrusted to their
charge."
Our rational strength should rather be ex
hibited In resisting the aggressions of great
powers than in browbeating the weak Ameri
can republics, whose guardianship and pro
tection we have so long assumed and main
tained. We favor the speedy completion of
the Panama canal, but regret that our Gov
ernment should have permitted this great pro
ject to be stained with evidence of dishonor
able Intrigue against the Integrity of a friend
ly republic. * "¦•'¦¦'¦¦
We deplore the continued existence, of. labor
troubles, affecting Important Industries ana
vast numbers of people, and express Uw»i earn-,
i»st hope that through concession, arbitration.'
moderation and fair dealing early adjustment*
may be reached.
Labor unions organized for the betterment
©f the condition of wage-earners, acting with
in the limits of law and not subversive of pub
lie order or individual rights, are not only
lawful but commendable, and should be met,
recognized and dealt with accordingly.
While we recocnize the right of capital' in
all leiritimate lines of enterprise to combine
for the Increase of business, we believe that
by wise legislation, rigidly enforced j against
euch combinations, their evil tendencies can "be
prevented without needless destruction to the
capital upon which labor must depend for
employment and compensation. We believe
that a majority of the unlawful trusts now in
existence are the direct and natural result
of excessive Republican tariff 4uties. whicli
destrov competition and inevitably breed com
blrations for monopoly. To remedy this evil
should be one of the first purposes of tariff
revision. To such revision our party stands
pledged.
Federal taxation ' of all kinds should be
reduced. The enormous surplus accumulated
by the Government has. not only brought ex
trnvagance but has become a standing menace
to the financial stability of the country. The
entire currency conditions to-day, affecting all
business interests, are made to depend upon
the mood and whim of the Secretary of the
Treasury In his manipulation of the Govern
ment deposits. This condition ¦ has become in
tolerable and should be remedied by reduction
of taxation.
liABOK AND CAPITAL.
We commend the declaration of Mr. Me-
Kinley in his last public addrese, -when he
said, "A system which provides a mutual ex
change of commodities is manifestly essential
to the. continued healthfulne6s and growth of
our export trade. We must not repose in fan
cied security that we can forever sell every
thing and buy little or nothing— the period
of exclusiveness Is past. The expansion of
our trade and commerce is the pressing prob
lem; commercial wars are unprofitable; a pol
icy of. good will and friendly relations will pre
vent reprisals.'.'
- We stand for a «trict construction of all
Brants of powers that militate against the
liberty of the citizen and fcr a liberal con
struction on all reservations of his rights — for
home rule and local self-government, and
acalren centralization of the power — and for
the largest liberty to the individual consistent
with law and order, with protection of person
and property and the maintenance of govern
ment. We are opposed to paternalism in gov
ernment, to needless interference with the
rights, the liberties or condition of individuals,
and to all legislation that may hamper the
capabilities of the citizen or that may press
on« individual or class with privileges or
power or restrictions not affecting others.
With Jefferson, we believe that the best
government is that which . governs least.
W« declare our opposition to all schemes of
taxation that bear unequally upon individu
als or interests, or that tend to increase the
profits of one class at the expense of. another.
We are for llghening.it on • the necessaries
of life and increasing it. if need be, only
upon the luxuries, always bearing . in mind
that the constitutional power to levy d'A,>s
on imports exists only for the purpose of rais
ing revenue.
TV'e declare our adherence to the fundamental
principles which Democracy has taught from
the foundation of our Government and which
are essential to the preservation : of our con
stitutional system.
ADHERE TO PRINCIPLES.
wark against' which- the spirit of sectionalism,
fanaticism, radicalism and the crude, wild
theories of experimentalists dashed in vain.
The Democratic party is to be congratulated
on the ract that we are now able to unite upor
the cardinal tenets of our party faith and their
application to the vital, pressing questions of
to-day.
Efforts of Friends of the New York Jurist to Amend Democratic
Platform by Substituting for Unit Rule Plank a Paragraph
Indorsing the Candidacy of Judge Parker Meet With Defeat
PENNSYLVANIA STATE CONVENTION
SENDS UNINSTRUCTED DELEGATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, ;,APRILV20; 1904.
Midway; Shooting Case • Outlawed.
BAKERSFIELD, April \ ; i9;__The
Midway shooting case was . outlawed
to-night ..by the' of j the
statute' of ; limitatiohs.Vahd i some f flf
teenr'orin'orVdefendants fpr.whom' the
officers havej been^on 'the look", ©ut*fo'r
the* past 'three- weeks imay'jiow Jcoirie
and tro at will without fear of : moles- 1
tation. ' ' '.. ' ; . ¦
Members of Chamber of Commerce
; \ Will Endeavor to Have Proposed .
'^ *!../ Bond IssnCrPass.
•' : quarterly, meeting of the
Chamber.; of Commerce held yesterday
lt>"wa"s ".decided to .; "confer; with" 'other
commercial, organizations with" a view
jto ,-Jmpre'ss .upon \ y the {general public
Vhe; necessity : : of -passing ; the proposed
bond!- issue of $2,000,000 /for the ex
tension iot', the . seawall, , so ] that .ten
moire wharves may ; be" built.
on 'i the ; water; front . is"sald i to be ; very
mu*chj.impeded \ at \ present as a result
of ; lack lot* room. , !>;• -:;
L;.".;it?was< resolved that .the California
delegation jit -the national capital be
'requested to^, do '.all in its power to
have 'one*; of Ithe" proposed" military, in-,
struction^' camps located' near San
Francisco^ /vi .
j. William M. Bunker, representative
of ; the."; chamber, at VWashingrton,; D. ; C,
submitted ' a report "of ) what ! was^ being
'accomplished" in Corigress for the ben
efit of this State. '
LECTURES ON "KMERSON."— David How
ard GrlKS* delivered' one <of his most • inter
csilns t»wturcs last, nlzht at . Stein way •Hall,
taking "Emfr«on** for hts subject. There was
a lars? and ax'prcclatlvc audience
5
tADVEBTISEI£ENTSL
Faint Spells
r very often attributed to biliousness,
and tjif- stomach is treated to cathartics.
¦ That's wronir.
Kaiut spells are often accompanied by
t>illousn»'ss. but you will also notice
'shortness of breath, asthmatic breathing,
op-ir^f-spd feelin*- in chest, weak or-hun-
¦«ry t-pflls. which arc all early symp-
•torns of heart- weakness.
Don't make the mistake of treatinj; the
Ktomach when the heart is the source of
,the trouble.
. Dr. Miles'
New Heart Cure *
Will Btrenirthen the nerves and muscles
¦at the heart, and the fainting spells, to-
,p*--li«"r with all other heart troubles, will
disappear.
•"Four years apo I was very low with
'heart trouble, could hardly walk. One day
I had a fainting spell, and - thought I
would die. Soon after I began using Dr.
Mills' H^art Cure, and after taking three
¦bottle I feel that I am cured." — MRS.
HFFLH Cl/OUGH. lillsworth Falls,
.Alalnc , -
Money back if first bottle fails to ben-
efit. I
_-_'_;¦ THE ; EUPOBIUM , | THE ZMFOBItTX | ~ THE EMPOMU3C. r - j THE JEMPOBUnff - __ _
$f .25 Sicilians 72c WET MARCH FORCES" ""/ : : r t 'Sale Cushion Covers
: To-Day Only BIQ APRIL SAliES Also Couch Covers
, Extraordinary special ia!e English Sicilian or f Mohaisr^jusV, - } ••"¦¦ ' > : :- •/.. <</';' Figured Taffeta Cushion Cover*, in attractive
b tmc to make up for your outing or fnmmer lul^f for \ ---^^" ' * / -Oriental and floral patterns, cream grounds,
-on sale to-day at less than the importers: JL %? 7 A C tn ? wi ? ; t0 ' da - v and wlu c q aaotlt 7 1"".
• It is full 54 inches wide — colors blacky navy, marinr, ton/ CAUFORNIA'S iiBr.rcT.^. ''M.' i^li»»--'- - - ¦ Tapestry Couch Covers — Fringed all 1 round, Oriental
; grays, liit-s, greens, browns; the special "JTO^ ¦¦ ' ••• dfs : gn«, full c6 inch'i wide, worth J2. co: to-day onlr.
sae price, yard ....... . . ... . M dt£G IIJj[HUW^^^^ Mil Illl' > IIIIIIL I li.lll" rjch . . ... ....... ... . SI OS
\ Also Swiss Embroidered * naV.atade,of nseetMry r; «^Me/airthwgJ/.^eTw^rd^jfS The New Colonial Tar.
'• Handkerchiefs— Seme have -^^^^^^S^**H houseflirn "- h - n g s e»brtcw. Years ago it stooi (or common p'ace bans and 'Torpedo Shapes —
¦ pretty lace insertion, others ¦• I ;V'; m S." and ordinary utensils. Now.it represegts ; un;que and practical . In fancy and plain braid*,
» rmKrniHrredfWr <*#.}?! U n ,« 3- ; - 'ffll- I appltancrs designed to lighten housework;.; -The broidest rantrrs and best Talaei 1! trimmed ' With gold and
, embroidcrea ncur Oe iis, bow ».- ...f,....B; i ; n housefurkhhings and crockery can b- found 'at Tht t Emporium at all rimri rftS .. t es -H 1 RB and SB
I knot* and dots, others scroll -, \j^. ••?;,- V- ---- ; J; injon occasions we demonstrate our ' buy ng " suprerhicy by ' off:rinsi : like -jjj j/. ??"*// l-
I designs; worch 1 5c and 20c ' B^P^*'"«W"WW*"W^ tho.e below. ;.,._-.--........... . , - 1, All of thcviodel hatsin
• each; your choice g% - '"' • |^^^^ S 5||f8 /.^ no housewife miss this sale, 'beginning to-day '.-^s?mSuSss=^ j *^ e renc^ r °° m ar * '^
' to-day only '.'.. . %MC W& and continuing until dosing time Saturday .night \ \i\\m \ reduced to and $25.
¦ ... ...-¦ ¦ : . * . . "¦¦¦, ' .'L_''':'"lL'j 1^ {if quantity lasls)^ if she be in need of. any of the I ¦-¦
; '"~ T~ ' m articles quoted. .-..,;. ¦ ,." ¦. . . \ ."j|lffl7 / 2O Per Cont
¦ Women's CoatS f&M $I.5O Hardwood Folding T*b!es-For sewing, camping or \ '|S7 I n** bZJTIY^J.
I and Suits i''U^- 1 >^ysa^uT^.v .^^^ IM PrIcBspnAU
I ]/3 f& /y, OIF "^^^^Bp $1.25 Mtat Saf:s— -.4 inches Irgh, =oinchts w;de, 10 mch:s ' „ ' V' " *j__ F^UPFtltUfC
I .Li j * r • '. ' LJri^L-^-rl — ~~ L c^" • * deep; c;verei with wire screen, hinge 'door "and" '^'^ i %SS&& 1 m — —^5> :¦'• •' . •¦-..
r .A backward srason forced mm- famtf\ ¦ shelf for th s sale \^. .\ 98C ¦ j^^^g^C Choice now of any. pi«ce
¦ T7VLT<cL?U V ": : ° W /hilS§SAn ¦ 35c G " Tot-tcrs-Th= f<5 uar= pyra- 25c Wire' C'othet Line^ /^^^ furniture in our. immense
1 ' - . ,„. . , JmR* £?&Wt\yS£w s*eel tons instead ot w r-, tor b ue wi:e: :r$Brc!al . . -. 16C *?6L" -t-^W 1&S* i_ 1 t j
\ "vmgs now on '.theses ictly up- fSam'-.olI .r ga, or g-,o- _ - 4?C Clispldori- Royal blue the regular marked pricei—
t to-datenrt-cass^garmentsu.lb: ., , , ._ .. T,^, ...... —^^ lhis |ak 24C -and goli^ large s^ .- : . .-.,'. \ -%. \. 29c " which means « ««ing.of
' 5 ' '* 's'u'it "" <Ve " °" * $1-00 Lap Board?— Large s : *e (36 inches >. compressrd $L00 Oranje Bowl— io- ; nch, J fine imitation . cut fuliy 30 per n , j yi T j-y
s.ng.e " • rap-r, light and sirang; th: ' rap:r in wh ; ch thry wcrt giasi;.cah be ; u«ei for punch bow!,- this sale.. SSC cent on the ¦ FiffljSfyffiM
[ patkei stuck to the varnijh on beard ifi a trw paces and Clzar Glass Va?es— Ta I. -gracefully shaped . crystal . f W-i'\Ml-t'w!M
I i^'y^^^ '¦¦«'¦ "lightly ma:red the bWu'ty of some (f th m, but "n no vat;j,this week: 8-nch,icc iizi, s"a!c price . .7o P . C ff't.J&lwS
• C-^^C^T^ «ay interferrd with th:*r is:fu"n: s. We hav; marked 1 6-inch v 25c size, «a : e price . ..... . 17o c * ur " /iM'wM-T/s/*'^!
\ ¦ \r K thj'm f-r this salr, each. / . ._ . . , .' . . . . 49o l8-;hch, 5OC'sizr; fals price . . ¦ 2QO ; 'niture houses jW$$q™§jm
I 'r&VK Bread and Cake Bo*xe»~ Square Vhapr, japanned and decor- °' a » Decanters— Thin blown, nice shape, prettily ¦
'• *VJK • attd, hinged ar.d clasped; ll^-inch, rfgular 5 cc size, cngHvei; the. ijcp nt size .:..... . . . /7 O — SSflf^lWisSSsSB*
\ r'f'\ 39c; li^;inch, re-u'ar 6=c size, 46c; *i}4- _ th %p c *™\ ' ur -\ ••;•'.•-• • ¦ 23O M I J K /i/H^KlRHfi
'• / //' /S - inch,.ngu".- 7 oc size, S7C- Buy Kow«rPot3-I^a planting time now. Y Jjil^S^Kflfi
ddj 75 ? ?s'h s E 1 :^"" 18 scrern ryl *' with ionT { %i -Jft55.SS.lS ,?t VSS r: " n |g? ll^^^^H
» §5!^^ &¦ ' ? ? ¦ ••••*••••••• WO S«t" znd:Pepp:rs-: Imitation cut glass, p!atei tops; yBS^SJ'fiHSS
' V**^». ? . f *'" 5 ° F '° Ur BarreIj -J a P in:l - d *nd dec irated tops, hinged .t-ach-.,'. . . . ;,.,..-. fffc ' "-^^^^^^^SlW^M
• hqlis 100 lbs, tor th : s sale .$1.10 7.(ifch. O'ass Berry Dish — Imitation cut . . 2OC \ J
- \^ /^^m , 25c Mop Handles— The retinnei spring kind, strong and Box gas- taper*, good whisk broom,' fly ' y. /(/
• j '1*' ' ¦ h:a»y . . . ..... ... . •/.; . 1BC . , . . ki ling plates, pie'and cake tin?, hard- V^J
I Cocoa Fiber Door Mats — R:d borders, 18x28 inches; wood coat hangers, .Ostrich feather dusters, clothes- •
• Tan Covert Coat (like pic- to close, each . . 2So , linepuleys, ooor.bumpers,'neTer-slip can openers. This massive, solid golden
\ ture)— Taffeta linrd, made to s;ll. $1.5) Food Choppers- Th^ celebrated Univena', large J^ f §0Q G.irJcn -. hose, ? per ; foot, enameled oak Morris Chair; . good
' for $12. *o, part of a minu'actur- size, will cut. or grind- anything, raw or cooked, the tirst ...'.; ...* canlle'tick, pot . chain and scraper, springs- ie»enible Telour covered
I er's surplus stock; on sale now at time this size" ha? ev.-r been* offered at special sale; our .100 p:p^r napkins, _ wool sa't box,. garden trowels, cujh'on- rejrularlv iq -o less *o
> big store, at . . . . ..$8.30 price, ths week .. ...... .... .$1,15 .3-ajm towel rack. . . . . : , per cent', now . . . . S7.8O
; Sale Dressmakers' Findings Fine $30.00 / Groceries and Liquors
1 Drtss Shields— Fine V^'tyStcckinet, No. 4 s : ze.worth Repair; sile price to-day o • -SllfVflld ' .^ WoUneSllay BHti Thursday
! only. . L .":...-•• I . : . . . '. ". . '.' *^» n ' 5 3 ' f| jx jx •' -" unt * or H«!met Extra rruits — 3 -Ib tins, packed in heatry
' Pearl Buttons— Only 703 cards of these, in'ce' white pearl buttons, some with ho'es and scms nU£JS §22 .. ; : syrup, peaches, apricots, pears, strawberries and raspber-
with shanks, aU in" the sizes from 1 6 to; 22 line/ worth more than double tc-day's fn Ch6ice"of air extensive ' ""' T s S^"'-y Zoc tin; for the two days, dozen 4&j§^
si'e nric:, card of t«o dozen . . . . J • . V. .'-\\. \.\. ..." . ... . . . 1%MC ••,',, . $2m8O; * n ... *^rC
¦ ., , ...•. .,' : ,_ ,.„ •., u l. . , F ., „ , -./ _ line of handsome patterns Corn Meml— Eastern yellow cream. 10-lb. sack.. 23o
) Manhattan Skirt Braid- 5 yards. : . ISO "Hump. : Hooks and E>es, card . .2jAo Ori-ntal^in ' "oUea Oat«-Cholce Eastern or California, cream
' Brush Edge Skirt Binding, velret top, yd.fi© .Royal Waiit and Skirt Supporters . . 2BO — pnncipaiiy, yn.ntai in . flake wheat , 9 lbs j^
' ''Omo" Dress Shields, no rubbrr, piir. 2 5o Tape Measure, 60 inch, sateen . . . . Bo design -and -coloring — a : Gelatino— Keek's famous brand. 7 packages 5Oo
! Whalebone C,,in g -, all colors, 9 ,,d.V We , Tracing. Whee:s . . W O ani S O fi^g^Sgg^g ?££t£l "^
I Horn Bones, 7 to 10 inch, ioz. 60 to IOO Pents Invisib.e Hooks and Eyes, all sizes, this week while quantitv r * ••- Gal., regularly J 4.00, for $3.00
' Sewing Machine O.I, bottle. . . . . . 8& 'package. . . . . .' . . ... ¦ IOC , •>-• -. ¦' f tj- V . .- ¦ .Bot., regularly $1.00. for 75c
. Sewing Machine Needles, 3 for.". ". '. -5© ' Lily 'Haircloth Flounce, black and gray.. $1 Jl$t$ » « a . 8avin g of fcl g-f- . Caboraet Margeaux superfine. K al.83c
• "Onandoff" D.eis Shields, pair .... . 2SO ¦ Skirt Lining,looks like taffita, yd. IBO Dollars., .... .... v ig . , " rtlS^V'j f 25 hIsk y- ermout^
; Covered Fea:h:rbone, all colors, yd '. . fOc '¦ Samson Lining : Silks, gmranteed, yd ,88o Wilton'. Velvet -Carpets— . Old -' Dominion Whisky — Spring' 1300." "regularly
Chirfon* Stock- Foundations,' all sizes, each . ¦ New Mercerized Moire Moreen,. yd . .35C Many pattjrn', tewed,-, -lined » -J2.50 gallon,' for." S3.00
. .... . . ./OO. -Meicerized Sateen, all shades, J6 in/, yd. 200 »nd la!d.no'w per y.d..Sf»f 5 • Fort or Snerry— Good 5-year-old wines, 5 bottles. .
I '^^^^^^ If nLrnlbLnAlUn
HI wOr*^^* • •"•* Ii 8 * 1 * ¥ ¥ ~~~~ *~j-[ /*\ iv t t"* x /
m T^* ¦-¦¦:• •¦ -', • ¦'¦¦J^^L- ' makes In the market at a nomi-
• •' '''• 1-" --f ¦>•¦'• . -"-' - ¦.. .-^T^-^- -¦"•-» nal'prlee — hard wood. *old»-» -oak
,nnisn, with, porcelain-lined -water cooler. Provision chamber a»H in.
wlde,tl6% ! in:'d««-»ky,ai%.in. : hiflj.,o«o<l $32.50 value.' :
SncULI... \ $22:50* ; ;^||miai«r Bis* wittomt Cooler... $17.50 {
; ;,•.. P?n't >Mifs : the'SPECIAL SALE.OF^CUSPIDORS.
NathanDohrmaimfi
!.:..".:i22rtaa SUTTER ST.The annual session of the Grand
Chapter of the 'Royal .Arch Masons
opened in the Masonic Temple yester
day and after, an all-day session ad
journed until to-day when the officers
elected and 'appointed for the current
term will be installed/ To-morrow th3
Grand Commandery of the Knights
Templar will meet in annual conclave
in the Temple and will be in session
three days. In the evening there will
be a reception at the Mechanics' Pa
vilion to Eminent Commamier Thomas
H. Browne and a review of the entire
membership of California Commandery
No. 1 in full Templar uniform. After
the review there* will be an exhibition
drill by the commandery's famous drill
corps, a musical programme and ball.
High Masons in Session.
SALEM, Or., April 19.— G.. D. Trot
ter, a prominent, merchant of Stayton,
attacked his wife yesterday, with a
knife and threatened to kill her. She
escaped to neighbors and afterward
made her way to her relatives a few
miles out of town. Trotter armed him
self with two guns this afternoon and
followed, vowing . that' he would kill
her. The officers organized a. posse and
are pursuing him, but at a late hour
had failed to locate the infuriated man.
He Is believed to be crazy, as his wife
moves in the best society. Trotter has
a quarrelsome disposition and recently
had several lawsuits over street* with
the town of Stayton. It Is believed
that when the posse finds him he will
fight to -the last, and sensational de
velopments are expected.
ENRAGED HUSBAND
SEEKS WIFE'S LJFE
SANTA CRUZ, April 19. — In a
wreck -to-day at Opal 200 feet of
track was torn uj> and three cars
were derailed. AH" trains were de
layed several hours. The accident oc
curred at 11 .o'clock. A San Francisco
freight train going toward Santa
Cruz crossed the railroad ,, bridge- at
Capitola, when the rails' commenced
to spread. Two monster cars loaded
with oil tanks and the caboose were
derailed. ;.The track spread J for. , four
f eet* in ;width, and' the - weight of the
heavy cars sunk the wheels deep in
the earth; ;; , .-'v''
HEAVY OIL CARS
JUMP FROM TRACK
SANTA BARBARA, April 19.— A gen
eral understanding concerning the rates
for round-trip excursion tlcket3 to the
World's Fair at St. Louis and the days
upon which they may be sold probably
will be reached at the convention of the
Transcontinental Passenger Agents'As
sociatlon. now in session in this city.
Representatives of the passenger de
partment of nearly every railroad west
of Chicago are in attendance upon . the
convention, and it is generally conceded
that fixing rates for World's Fair travel
is the most important matter to be
considered.
Representatives of roads operating on
the Pacific Coast have been trying to
force the hand of Eastern passenger
agents and allow excursion tickets to
be sold from coast terminal points two
days a week instead of one, and in this
they probably will be successful.
The sessions are being held behind
closed doors. An effort will be made
to-morrow to adjust the pro rato rate
on transcontinental passenger business
and put it on a more. equitable basis,
satisfactory to all roads concerned. It
was decided to-day to hold the next
convention of the association at Chi
cago, some time in July, the exact date
to be determined later. .
Passenger Agents Will Soon Decide
on an Equitable Selling
BasIs.
DISCUSSING RATES
T.'i- /TO, THE EXPOSITION"
Several songs were rendered in con
clusion\by the California quartet," con
sisting of Messrs. Goetting, Smith,
Gage and Parent. f v'.
Among those that spoke during the
evening were John P.. Irish, Colonel A.
S. Hubbard, Jenne Morrow Long, Mrs.
Henry AVetherbee, Mrs. Curren Clark
and Colonel A. D. Cutler. - y
A telegram was received from Pres
ident Roosevelt stating that he ex
ceedingly regretted his inability to be
present, but that his heart and soul
were with the company on the mem
orable occasion.
The big dining hall was prettily dec
orated for the occasion and small ta
bles gaily illumined with colored can
dles were surrounded by merry parties
of Sons and Daughters of the Ameri
can Revolution. Chaplain Rice of Al
catraz Island officiated at the opening
ceremony, offering a brief prayer.-
Following the prayer was a-pres
entation to the society 'by James Hull
Sherman \ Bartholomew. A I small
gavel, banded by a broad strip of cop
per, was the gift. The copper on the
gavel was made from- nails extracted
from the side. of. Commodore Isaac
Hull's frigate Constitution. What
added even more sentiment to the oc
casion was the fact that the nails
were originally driven in the vessel by
Paul Revere.
The gift was received by the as
sembly amid great enthusiasm and a
vote of thanks was immediately ten
dered Mr. Bartholomew.
in commemoration of the one hun
dred and twenty-ninth anniversary of
the battle of Lexington the Sons of
the* American Revolution gave a large
banquet at the Occidental Hotel last
night.
Sons and Daughters of American Kev-
olution Unite at Banquet at
Occidental Hotel.
CELEBRATE ANNIVERSARY .
OF BATTLE OF LEXINGTON*
Attorneys for Mrs. Ellen Nlgro and
her daughter, Madeline, believe that
they have put an effectual stop to the
contest begun against the probating
of the. will of the late Fabrizio Nigro.
owner of the Poodle Dog Restaurant
property in San Francisco, who left
property valued at $500,000. Judge
Greene sustained a demurrer filed by
them to-day and they take this as an
Indication that their points are well
taken, although their opponent has
leave to amend and try again.. .
The contest is brought on the gTound
that shortly before Xigro died; he was
declared incompetent. Jtfst before this
proceeding had been taken he made a
will in which he revoked a former will
and left everything he possessed to his
.widow and daughter. In his first will
he left his estate to Domenico and
Francisco Albertl of San Francisco, in
trust for the two heirs, the trustees
only to have control until the indebted
ness on the estate had been paid off.
The last will cuts the Albertis out of
the matter entirely. The contest 13
brought by them and they present the
first will as the legal will, alleging that
Nigro was incompetent to make a will
when the second was made.
The demurrer sustained to-day ob
jects to the Albertis' petition on the
ground that they are not interested as
heirs under either of the, wills, and for
thia reason are • barred from bringing
a contest/
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 19.
Plaintiffs Contend Appoint
ment in First Testament
Is Valid— Claim Disputed
DEMAND A TEUSTEESHIP
Demurrer of Fabrizio Nigro's
-Heirs to Contest to His
Will Sustained by Court
During the fire oil in the grocery
exploded. Several fire fighters had nar
row escapes from injury. . The caus3
of the fire was not learned. Losses
reach $10,000. with Insurance.
Firemen with a big force of other
volunteer residents pulled down J. Kel
ly's shoemaker's shop and. this. checked
the flames from spreading to nearby
residences.
Fire at 3 o'clock this morning de
stroyed a small block of buildings at
the Old County road and Peralta ave
nue. Fruitvale, owned by J. H. W.
Riley. The flames started in a grocery
owned by R. W. Hickok and were dis
covered by Benjamin Chew and Ches
ter Pierer, x boys who were sleeping in
the rear of the store and were nearly
suffocated by the smoke before they
got out and gave an alarm.
The fire spread to Crosby & Liechin
sky's meat market, burning that as
well as Ed. Stanley's barber shop and
Mrs. Young's candy store.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, April 19.
THINK CONTEST
IS IT IN END
Volunteer Fighters Knock
Down Building and Pre
vent the Spread of ' Fire
RESIDENCES AEE SAVED
Flames Destroy Number of
Small SI10BS That Were
on the Old County Eoad
BORN STORES
IT FRUITVALE
-. Dr.. V. . A. • Derrick, "<. grand ¦ <;hlef -adviser of
the order; • Mrs.- M. E. ; Kline pi. Alameda, . Mrs.
M. E. Alexander of HaYwards.'Mrs.T May John
son of San Lcandro. Mrs. Burkwlctr of Berke
ley, end Dr. Fannie 15. Scott, Mls» ; Clarlbel
Farno.' Mrs. .Munce,' Mrs." Maud Davis and Mrs.
Driver of Oakland.- : ¦ •-¦ . < ¦ ..
. Oakland Circle No/. 260- of 'Oakland,, Palma
Circle No. Ill of Haywards, Olive Branch Cir
cle No. 313 of San Xeandro, Encinal Circle No.
361 of Berkeley.: Spruce Circle NO. " 369 ; of Ala
meda, Cerrlto Circle No.' 438 of 'West Berkeley,
>Alma Circle No.' 492 of East Oakland;
Circle No. MS of - West Oakland, ahd'Alvarado
Circle No. 000 of Alvaradq. , ...,.'..
.;>. The members i of^ the. committee .which
has arranged > the .meetingVare:-,,.
the joint meeting and v the reception to
the grand officers are: - . V , "
OAKLAND, April 19.-^The following
marriage ; licenses were issued ¦ by. the
County Clerk' to-day :~ Anton A. Mein
hold,' 51, and Marie W. Siemen, 44/ both
of San; Francisco; Melvin L. 'Graham,
32, and Barbara L. Till,' 22, i both of San
Francisco; James B. Blair, 31, and Mary
Crane, 29," both 1 ot San Francisco;* Rob
ert W.' Patrick,'' 24, ' San 1 Francisco, and
Mae M, Condon,' 227- Los 'Gatos;' Edwin
B. ' Church; 23, Sattley, ; and Lilla '; M.
Nicholson,*. 20," Berkeley; '¦ Frank Foster,'
25, ? and Annie j Nuhes, 23,"- both of ; Oak
land ; ; Henry , H.^Hackman/ over' 21, 'and
Tillie" Johnson; Vyer J;18, ; both ' 'of - Liver
more; William iC. Hackman.'"24, 'Llver- :
rnbrV; and ' Maggie^ Babbitts, 23, Alta-
31 arriage Licenses.
Councilman's Wife Injured.
OAKLAND, April Mrs. B. C.
Cuvellier, ¦ Wlfel'of .city. ' Councilman
Cuvellier, ' is . suffering '.'from . a . badly
fractured leg", "the 'result of; a 1 , fall Sun
day evening at 'heri ; residence* '.Union
street, near. Fourteenth; ' t> V ';.
With the present ¦ membership, the coming
year 4n the Board of Trade promises to be. the
most illustrious In the history of this board
ene more literature can .be mailed throughout
the civilised world than in any previous year
in its. history, resulting, in Increased property
values at well as population.
During the year, while all committees of
thl* board have worked hard: and given much
time—without . remuneration— the executive
committee, the committee on harbor and water
front and the committee on railroads have
been called. upon to attend more meetings than
any of the other committees of the board
Th« newspapers have ' devoted very many
columns of valuable; space to this board and
H« work - and ' have been not only willing at
«H times, but anxious to- join with this body
In advertising Oakiapd- and Alameda County
To the local newspapers, and their representa
tives and to the local representatives of the
Son Francisco papers the. thanks of this board
are certainly due. " ¦,.<.-.¦-
¦With the largely increased, membership in
this board of late Very much/ more literature
and of a finer class of workmanship can be
got out during- the coming year.
Advertising Oakland and Alameda County
through residents of less favored sections of
the world 1s the principal work of this body.
The f orecolng portion of this report has been
but incidental thereto. Since our last annual
meeting over 400,000 pieces of literature have
been sent out from these rooms .by your sec
retary and his assistant. This entails a vast
aiuount of clerical work and the demand has
Increased to such an extent of late that both
the undersigned and his' faithful and con-
BJicntious- assistant. Miss Curran, have not
only worked here in these rooms many even-
but in order to keep ' up with the de
mand' have at times been obliged to come
¦here on Sunday. . ,
LITERATURE SEXT OUT.
These excursions have proved very profitable,
not only to Oakland, but also' to surrounding:
cities and towns. Very many citizens of Ala
meda County to-day first became Interested In
this county through taking; one of these trips.
Many thousand dollar*' worth of property has
been sold In this county to these excursionists.
Your secretary would be pleased to have any
member or this board or any citizen interested
In the work of the board present in these
rooms ary Monday or Friday afternoon be
tween 1:3<i and 2 o'clock, to meet these excur
sionists, hear their words of praise for the trip
and liften to the talk on Oakland and Ala
nveda County, lasting ten to twenty minutes,
Elven In. these rooms. - .
the world have been among the excursionists
and every State In the Union has been .repre
jjer.tnl many times by the exrurcionlsts. '.-
OAKLAND. April 19.— Clarence A.
Rankin, who has a police record, was
arrested this afternoon for till-tapplng
at McMillan & Cox's grocery'. Seventh
and Market streets. Cox caught Ran
kin acting suspiciously and sent for
the police.
Charged With Till Tapping.
Repairs were ', made rapidly so that
those supplied from; the 1 Elmhurst sta
tion should not be Inconvenienced.' It
is known as a lbwterisjdn station, the
current being light |forjuse by small
patrons. The high current house is at
Mission San Jose. r ...;
A vagrant lightning stroke played
havoc this afternoon at 2 o'clock at the
Standard Electric Company's sub-sta
tion at Elmhurst. The electricity made
connections somewhere along the com
pany's low tension lines, was conducted
into the station and burned out the
large fuse board, destroying the watt
meters and the ammeters. So heavy
was the strange current that it melted
down the marble fuse board backs like
so much lead. •
"There had been an electrical storm
in the neighborhood shortly before the
crash of; the uncontrolled current tore
with a blinding crash into the station.
For a few seconds' there was a sizzing
roar, while the fuses that protect the
instruments were blown out and the
escaped "Juice" traveled to the nearest
conductor for a passage to the earth.
Superintendent W.\ H. Pollard, in
charge of the station, had a narrow es
cape from being electrocuted. He had
left the switch board only a minute
before the flash occurred and was walk-
Ing out of the door. Even then the
force of 'the shock sent him several
feet off his balance. >.'¦ ,.; .;.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 19.
BERKELEY, April 19.— ;Deputy
Marshal Carey arrested a man.at an
early hour this morning on suspicion
that he was- concerned In the recent
store robberies. Carey put his man in
the West Berkeley lock-up, but this
morning the fellow was gone. He
had broken the flimsy lock of the
flimsy Jail and escaped.
Suspect Gets Out of Jail.
Lightning Rips Equipment
Out at Standard Elec
tric Elmhurst Station
Rev. William Norman Guthrie of
Christ Episcopal ChurchWill make the
address at the Longfellow School and
the Rev. Philip Fletcher Cone of the
Methodist.- Episcopal Church South is
scheduled to. speak at the Wilson
School. Senator J.'R. !. Know-land is to
be the orator of the day at'the Haight
School. The speakers for the-Mastick
School and the Everett School' have
not. yet been selected.
In addition to the addresses there
will . be ' singing by the pupils at the
various '.'schools. The ladles of the
Adelphlan Club and committees from
the Alameda Advancement Association
and ; the . West ] End -Improvement As
sociation are assisting the Board ; of
Education In arranging the Arbor^ day
programme.
President Frank Otis of. the Board
of Education will preside at the ex
ercises at the Alameda. High School
to begin at 2 o'clock. Colonel John P.'
Irish. of Oakland will deliver the ad
dress. He was a close personal friend
of the late Hon. J. Sterling Morton,
the founder of Arbor day, and as Fri
day Is also the birthday of the man
whose motto, was "Plant trees," the
orator and time chosen are. in happy
harmony. Mr. Irish will speak from
the rear ¦ steps of the school ' building
to better afford room for the large
crowd that is expected to be present.
ALAMEDA, April 19. — Trees, most
ly palms, will be planted on all of the
public school grounds during 5 the Ar
bor day exercises to be held here Fri
day afternoon. Literary programmes
befitting the occasion will be rendered
at the schools. Among the principal
speakers '.will be several ministers of.
local churches. *J?'.h'
Alameda Arbor Day Exer
cises *to Be Participated in
by Public School Children
PUPILS WILL
PLANT PALMS
WILD CURRENT
ON A RAMPAGE
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE WOMEN OF WOODCRAFT WHO ARK IN
ATTENDANCE AT THE JOINT CONVENTION OF THE ALAMEDA COUNTY
CIRCLES THAT BEGAN ITS SESSIONS IN OAKLAND LAST EVENING.
On Saturday evening, . ] 23, an
open meeting and . reception to the
grand officers will 'be , held at > Wood
men's Hall, at which; the grand [guard
ian will explain the .of the or
der for the benefits of frlends'^of the
members'and' strangers..' AVhearty in
vitation Is extended to . the - public . to
attend this; meeting. ; */.__ .. , .
. The • circles which will take part in
GOOD TIME COMING.
California ranks third in membership among
the nine States, with Colorado first and Oregon
second. Tou have over 7000 members In the
State now. You have the population; you have
the energy and ambition; you' have, a "good
thing" to talk for ' and recommend to those
seeking fraternal Insurance. It's up to Cali
fornia to rank second — eve n first. Will you
grasp your opportunity T - I have faith to be
lieve you will.
The principal event of the meeting
will be the Joint Initiation to take place
to-morrow evening at Maple- Hall.
Every camp In this county has sent
several candidates and the class .will
be a large one. , The Initiatory work
will be conducted by the team of Oak
land Circle, under the direction of Cap
tain of the Guards Mrs. A. L. Miller,
and each of the chairs will be ' occu
pied by one of -the visiting officers.
After the initiation the sixteen guards
of Oakland ' Camp . will give a ' fancy
military : drill, and following this an'
address- will be delivered by the grand
guardian. r.' : .:\ - ' Jr<-
STATE RAXKS HIGH.
This gathering to-night Is a gathering of
the representative workers; and as I have an
especial fondness for those who do things —
those upon whom falls the "work of the
world." I am proud of the honor of being one
of you. . '
These results are not - to be - placed to the
credit of any one man or woman, or any set
of men or women. Every member of the
order, with a devotion and enthusiasm which
Is peculiar In the history of fraternal orders.
har, helped, has contributed his or her share
of effort and of loyalty. We have always had
In a remarkable degree a "working member
ship." This trait we must each studiously
cultivate, as individuals, as local circles and
In the Grand Circle. '
The story of the Women of Woodcraft con
tains these elements. In April, 1897, when our
order was organized by the seven men and
women who were called by circumstances to
thiii task there was no outward and visible
sign of the stature it would attain, the re
sults it would record, the splendid develop
ment it would be granted In seven tshoft years.
It* beginning was essentially small, common
place, humble. But there was faith and there
was granted the gift of persistency — the per
sistency which crawled when It could not walk,
walked when It could not run, picked itself
up when it stumbled, never knew when It was
whipped, moved always a step at a time and
each step forward. .
The results to-day are worth looking at. not
ti gather lazy or conceited content therefrom,
but to quicken our ambition and fire our en
thusiasm in the great work before us — for we
have only begun to grow, only touched the
outskirts of the work we ar« destined to do
fo.* the order, and through . the order for the
homes of the West, this great West of ours,
which is surely, if there is such a place, God's
own peculiar country.' ¦
In seven years, starting* with no assets but
faith and persistency, we have paid death
claims to a grand total of $764,755— almost
$1,000,000. We have accumulated surplus as
sets above this enormous distribution of $236.
000. of which $19O,OUO is invested in interest
bearing bonds. We have gathered a member
ship of 42,000 in 5S2 communities of the nine
Pacific States.
From an unknown and unrecognized little
organization with no rating in the financial
world we have reached a point where our war
rants In any of the towns In Oregon, Colorado.
Washington or California can be cashed at any
bank with no more hesitation than if they
were bank drafts.
AVOXDERFUIi GROWTH,
OAKLAND, April 19.— The Joint con
vention of the Alameda Countv circles
of the Women of Woodcraft opened
this evening with a banquet in honor
of the grand officers and the visiting
representatives, which was held at the
Malson de 1' Opera, at which addresses
were delivered by the grand guardian,
Mrs. C. C. Van Orsdall, and a num
ber of the guardian neighbors of the
Alameda County circles. Mrs. C. Eb
berson acted as toastmaster, and
among the speakers were:. Mrs. M.
E. Kline of Alameda; Dr. V. A. Der
rick, grand adviser of the order; Mrs.
J. T. Williams, guardian neighbor of
Oakland Circle, and several visiting
neighbors.
¦ The address of the evening was de
livered by Grand Guardian Carrie C.
Van Orsdall, who spoke of the growth
of the order in the past seven years.
She said, in part:
The story of all great achievements is a
stcry of small beginnings, of unwavering faith,
of sleepless persistency. Nothing In all the
world's history over sprang into life spon
taneously perfect. So following was ever
gathered about any movement or idea without
the lodestone of faith to draw men and women
to it — a faith which would Enable them to live
for it, light for it. and if need be die for it. .
• Since our last annual meeting 2237 excur
*icnlnts have participated in the "all day for
« dollar" excursions run every Monday and
Friday throughout the year under the auspices
of the toard. During- the year upon these ex
cursions citizens, of almost every country in
Secretary Edwin Stearns read a de
tailed report of the work of the past
year, showing what had been accom
plished by the board. His report was
in part as follows: .. **"¦¦.
That the work .of the secretary Is not con
fined sololy to "banking hours" is shown bv
the fact that thes* rooms have been used
evenia&s since our- last annual meeting by
'ommitteeg and associations other than strictly
Hoard of Trade committees and meetings as
follows: Memorial day committee, seven times
rioofcevelt entertainment , committee seven
times; National 'Grange Patrons of Husbandry
ence; California Ftate Horticultural Alliance'
Oakland Branch. -five evenings; citizens' com
mittee on. entertainment of the Grand Army
or the Republic, five tlmo»; Associated Chari
ties, twice: citizens' committee on tree plant-
Ing, ten times: Alameda Young lien's Club
twice: artists .of Alamoda County, twice; Civic
Educational League, once; Webster-street Im
provement Committee, five times; Oakland Real
Hetate Association, live times; Alameda County
Architects' Association, once; executive and
other committees or the Oakland Boosters, rour
tirre*; Real Tistate Association bond "boosting
committee, once; Associated Improvement
Club*, once. k .
WORK OF liAST YEAR
Remembering that the administration of the
government of a city is a vital matter as aJ
feotlng. Its most 4 desirable growth, may the
O&kland Jioard of Trade ever stand not only
for proerees' and expansion in -material things.
but for civic morality and for high ideals «f
government and citizenship.
It is a most hopeful indication that similar
commercial organization? in some of the
laiger cttto have. pt late turned thefr atten
tion to efforts for the correction of municipal
misrule and oomiwUrfi. from •which so many
of our American cities tave .griei-ously suf
fered in the past ¦ and are .now suffering,
largely because of the apathy or indifference
of the prosperous merchant rlass and other
well-to-do citizens. Our board Is affiliated
with the National UunirlpaJ League, whose
object Is the uplifting of city politics, thus
showing fitor attitude of pyjjipathy with this
wtd< spread movement. . An organization of
thi 6 ktnd should never lend itself to the doing
of party eolitirg. but -it should ever stan>I
firmly and actively for clean businesslike
methods in government, .and Vhould strive to
t-8 «levate the plane of our politics that our
<-ompetent and successful business men may
not be repellrd therefrom but may be willing
to serve in nublic positions.
:n former years, recr ived the attention of the
board, and strenuous efforts halve been put
lorth to secure at the hands of Congress an
adequate appropriation for deepening the
jhip .channel. While our efforts :n this partic
ular s*etn destined to prove unavailing so far
**¦ action at the present cession te concerned,
en account of supposed political exigencies on
the eve of a. Presidential campaign, yet the
board r.ill not cease Its activities In this di
rection until this and other improvements for
the benefit of our water borne commerce are
accomplished.
The eubject at present .uppermost in the
nurd? of our citizens Is unquestionably that
cf municipal improvements. A new city hall,
r,f* «choolhouses, public parks, better streets,
end. according to the judgment of many over
ebadowinK all else In importance, a municipally
vwred water supply system — there are some
of the undertakings to which our citizens will
fhortly be asked to commit themselves by vot
ing for the Isyuanre of bonds to render pos
sible these accomplishments. This board stands
unquestionably committed .to a policy of public
improvements and wilt." "undoubtedly, render
\aluable service to that cause In the approach
ing campaign for Improvement "bonds.
W* have Jost completed what fcaa unques
tionably been the most prosperous year that
our organization has thus far ¦enjoyed.
Thi« condition. I believe, truly reflects the
general business prosperity and growth of
cur city, and in view of the financial and other
disturbances whirh tiav* caused the uasettle
ment and curtailment of business In fome of
the older sections of the country, it is found
especially gratifying.
The work to which this Board of Trade haa
pt^-lrtrtitly devoted itself— that of building
«p Oaklanfl by making her advantages more
widely knor.n. bringing tourists from the
Mast and promoters of new entcVprises wltbln
her borders, has of late met with a more
hearty appreciation on the part of our mer
chant's, bankers, property owners and profes
*:on&l men, ae evidenced by a substantial in
crf»!»e Jn our membership from all these
classes. We comtnenoed the year with three
hundred. At itB close our number is five hun
dred and twelve active and Interested mem
t>crs. With thi? membership maintained or
increased, ar we have every reason to expect,
our ircome will be sufficient to enable us to
r<nder a much more valuable service. In the
way of advertising our city, than we have
:endered In the p*Ft.
For a review, somewhat In detail, of the ac
tivities of the board during the year, reference
i* liad to the rrport of our secretary. To this
faithful, painstaking and always courtecui of
ficial Is due in very large measure the credit
Jcr the success achieved.
The improvement of Oakland's harbor and
water-front has during the year Just closed, us
The report of President R. H. Cham
berlain was general in Its nature, and
was in part as follows:
The report of the treasurer showed a
balance of more than JSO in the treas
ury after paying all bills for the year.
REPORT OF PRESIDENT.
There being no further nominations,
on motion of James P. Taylor the sec
retary cast a ballot electing those
named by the nominating committee.
The annual meeting of the Oakland
Board of Trade was held this evening,
and after the reading of the reports on
the year's work by the president, sec
retary and treasurer, the nominating
committee, of which Sol Kahn, James
P. Taylor, S. M. Dodge, Irving C. Lewis
and John P. Maxwell were members,
rubmltted the following names as di
rectors for the ensuing year:
D. Edward Collln», Hugh I!og&n. M. J. Kel
ler Stuart W. Booth, Erotl Lahnhwdt. R. P.
M. Gm-lfy, H. C. Oapwell. O. J. Hee«eman.
l>r. H. G. Thomae, Georsr E. Kairchild and
J. Tyrrel.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
1118 Broadway. April 19.
The new theory is hung upon the
fact that the Werrens have had quar
rels with their neighbors over cattle.
George F. Weeks, editor of the Ala
meda Daily Encinal, relates a conver
sation he overheard about a year ago
while returning from an outing in
Wildcat Canyon with his son, Walter
R. Weeks, and Leo Brown of 1400
Louisa 6treet. The trio had stopped
at the Werrens for refreshment and
while there Mr. and Airs. Werren quar
reled with a man over the theft of some
cattle of the Werrens.
"From what I could gather," said
Mr. Weeks to-day, "the Werrens had
accused the man of stealing their cows.
The man wanted a retraction, but Mrs.
Werren insisted that. he was the thief.
This angered the man so that he
threatened to strike the woman, but
the interference of my son prevented it.
"It is Just possible that this shoot
ing is the outgrowth of that' quarrel.
I know it happened a year ago, but
then people .nurse their wrongs a long
time."
In her excitement since the shooting
Mrs. Werren has declared that she
knew the identity of her assailant. She
did not refer to any quarrel -with neigh
bors, however, but to a man who
wished to establish a saloon rear the
Werren place. The man had asked the
couple to sign his application, but they
had refused. But Werren himself de
clares this to be most unlikely, observ
ing that it is a mere suspicion of his
wife's. He refuses to name the man to
whom his wife refers.
All the circumstances in the case in
dicate that it was only a well laid plan
for robbery. It is very like the hold
up that occurred recently In a Fruit
vale store and officers who have worked
on the case declare that the same man
acted in both places.
Mrs. Werren's condition was some
what improved to-day, bo Dr. J. Ed
son Kelsey, the attending physician,
said. There is always the danger of
pneumonia, however, and the woman
is by no means out of danger.
Another day has passed and the as
sailant of Mrs. Elizabeth Werren at
the Werren saloon Sunday night is
still free. Sheriff Bishop has about
abandoned the quest of the highway
man, there being absolutely no clew
to follow, and as no serious attempt
was made on the part of any. other
officers to apprehend the criminal it
may be said that he does not even en-
Joy the distinction of being pursued.
The rather improbable theory has
bobbed up now that the shooting was
done not by a highwayman, but by an
enemy of the Wen-ens seeking revenge.
All the circumstances that brand it
as a deliberately planned hold-up are
being overlooked In order to support
this theory- The. man and his two pis
tols, his masked face, his demands for
xaised hands, the killing of the Wer
rens' dog and finally the shooting of
Mrs. Werren are either Ignored or ex
plained as simply bluffs to cover; up
the real nature of the crime. But the
fact remains that Mrs. Werren prob
ably would not have been shot had
she obeyed the bandit's commands to
stand still.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street, April 19.
Local Commercial Body Is
Pledged to Lend Support
to Needed Improvements
Belief Is Held That Wom^n
Was Wounded by Enemy,
Not by Bold Highwayman
DIRECTORS ARE ELECTED
NEW THEORY ADVANCED
Members of Trade Organiza
tion Listen to Reports
on Last Year's Work
Quest of Man That Shot Mrs.
Elizabeth Werren on Sun
day Night Comes to End
BOARD WORKS
FOR OAKLAND
OFFICERS GIVE
UP THE SEARCH
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL", WEDNESDAY, APRIL- 20, 1904.
Grand Guardian Carrie C. Van Orsdall Delivers an Interesting Ad
dress on Work of the Order During Seven Years, Showing Its
Growth to Have Been Phenomenal, With Far-Reaching Benefits
CIRCLES OF WOMEN OF WOODCRAFT
HOLD SUCCESSFUL JOINT CONVENTION
6
ADVXBTI£EI£ENTS.
Open Sores
can be- cleaned out, the suppura-
tion stopped, and a cure enected
by the use of
(jydrozone
Only morbid matter is destroyed
by this marvelous rermidde, which
allows Nature to biiild up healthy
tissue. Absolnidyjjarmless. #
Vsed and endorsed by leading
• phvsicians everywhere. '. - .-
- -Sold by leading druggists, orjrial
bottle sent, prepaid, on receipt of
ascents.
.; The genuine bears my. signature
on every bottle. Address *
rBEK-TilukU BartU* •¦ Umw to TrMt Wtmw. t
__ - ;¦-, ..'-.,. - indescribable" fear, for
Jmk S^ffa &Tb 1ff~BLff #£"' J3 nothing compares with
£nft SWMmJf B B^g&LrW the pain and horror of
, f v V'.' jj • ' child-birth. The thought
of the suffering and danger m store for her, robs the expectant mother
A^iS'an n lC l^u ° nS ° f the COmin S c^nt, and casts over her a
navJr H g l°K ? 11 * 6hakcn ° ff ' Thousands of women
. have found that the use of- Mother's Friend during pregnancy robs
and r n MM en --rl- P ain a^.^g"' ««* safety to life of mother
tTml • s^entific lmiment is a god-send to'all women at the
j comforts of this - period. £B &S 4Ffo *S»f? 4V 111 *¦!¦_ m *FS\
1 MOTHER'S
containing valuable information free. J£*JBfc#PA##9
The Bradftcld Regulator Co.. Atlanta. 6a. #" IttBmmiBwlJ?
BKANCH OFFICES f:\
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
• OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2118 Center Street.^
Telephone North ««.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street-
Telephone Alameda 45»XTO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
CAX.X. subscribers cestemplatliur a
Chan*/* of residence during; the rummer
month* cua htrt tfcdr paper forwarded
by mail to their new aAdress by. notif y
lxur.TXZ CALL Business OSce. -Till
vavser will also be on sale at all nmmer
resorts aad Is represented by "a local
«rent In an the towns on the coast.
The United States Grand Jury yes
terday presented a true bill of indict
ment against Eujrene J. Rosier, charg
ing him wltn forging the name, of J.
W. Hart to a postal money, order for
5.60 at Stockton on March 5 of this
year. It is alleged that Rosier had
the order cashed by Judith Boas, a
money lender. Rosier is under arrest
In Seattle and will be brought to this
city for trial.
Rosier Indicted.
In Mexico the family of a dead duel
ist can claim support from the person
who shot him.
- A restraining order preventing Dr.
T. F. Brennan from withdrawing from
five, different banks " the cash he has
deposited in them was issued yester
day by Judge Sloss on petition of Rev.
P. J. Grey. The order is to remain in
force until the final determination of
the numerous suits Father Grey has
filed = against Brennan \ to recover
money he claims he gave the physician
to hold in trust for him.
Sloss Restrains Dr. Brcnnan.
C. H. Fairall appears for Brother
ton and Jesse W. Lilienthal for the
defense.
'The property involved is the Royal
croup of mines in the Madam Felix
raining district in Calaveras County,
and is of the value of $300,000. The
< omplainant alleged that in the settle
ment of partnership affairs Van Ee
was to dispose of the Etock and ac
count to Brotherton for the proceeds.
It is claimed that Van Ee has refused
to make sach a statement and ac
counting.
United States Circuit Judge Mor
row yesterday denied the motion of
the plaintiff for a temporary restrain
ing order and the appointment of a
receiver in the case of Joseph Hamil
ton Brotherton vs. John Charles Kemp
Van Ee, the Royal Consolidated Mines
Limited and others. The matter of
accounting, etc.. will be deferred until
the final hearing of the case.
J. H. Brotherton Alle^os That J. G
Kemp Van I> Failed to Render
an Accounting.
MOTION FDR INJUNCTION*
DENIED IN 3IINING SUIT
Tickets on sale and seats on the stage
reserved at 641 Market St., San Fran
cisco. ' . •
The Santa Fe from Merced is the best
way. Through two groves of Big Trees;
into the Valley one way and out. an
other. .
YoscmUc Xow Open.
Resolved. That we call upon all societies,
unions, organized bodies and nil loyal citizens
to use every earnest effort to impress upon the
public the real purpose for which this day is
set aside, in order that we may all join -with
patriotic fervor In showing our high regard
tor the services of those heroes of our country
who. though not here in life, influence ua by
their worthy example of love to country. Let
not their brave services be forgotten upon
this- day so especially set aside to decorate
the honored graves wherein their bodies rest;
but let us bring to our recollection their val
iant deeds and as we keep their graves green
and decorated with flowers may we also truly
venerate and respect Memorial day, by re
membering the dead heroes.
Nelson A. Miles Command of the
Spanish War Veterans at its last meet
ing, adopted the following in relation
to the observance of Memorial day:
Whereas, The' trii^ purpose and intent or
Memorial day seems to b« largely miscon
strued, ani It ts beln£ devoted to picnics, pleas
ure and recreation, thus impairing Ha Inspir
ing influence, lofty patriotism and bigti Idcala,
be it therefore
Respect Memorial Day.
St. Louis exposition without cost to
the United States.
The amendment providing for the
erection of an office and committee
room building for the use of Senators
was opposed by Berry, who said that
before it could be completed the build
ing would cost not less than 543,000 or
550,000 each for the members of the
Senate. This he pronounced "a piece
of extravagance which surpassed any
thing he had ever seen offered in the
Senate."
Bailey supported the amendment. He
said that Berry's comment as to the
cost of the proposed building might be
applied to the Capitol. That building
had been erected for the Congress as a
whole, and he considered the best nope
to good in the way of accommodations.
He did not want- Oriental magnifi
cence, but he did want splendid build
ings. Senators in Washington should
not live in huts nor stop at wagon
yards; nor should they have their
offices in inaccessible portions of the
Capitol.
Teller opposed the east front exten
sion, but advocated the new building,
saying that as the country grows, de
mands on the Capitol will grow. He
expressed the opinion that the time
would come when it would ba necessary
to provide accommodations for Sena
tors for Alaska and Porto Rico, and
save voice to the hope that it might be
necessary to make room for" Senators
from what is now the Dominion of
Canada.'
Trie Senate went into executive ses
sion and at. 5:20 p. m. adjourned.
A report will also be received from
Gifford Pinchot, chief of the forestry
division of the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture. W. S. Mellick,
secretary of the State Board of Ex
aminers, who has had the handling of
the State appropriation, will tell what
has been done by the State. Beyond
this there is no fixed programme for
the convention, but undoubtedly there
will be much discussion of the several
phases of the work of the association
and of those that are proceeding along
the same lines. A report will be made
by Chief Justice Beatty, who is pres
ident of the association.
The annual convention of the Cali
fornia Water and Forest Association
will be held in the y rooms of the
Chamber of Commerce,' beginning at
10:30 a. m. on Friday of the present
week. Possibly the deliberations will
continue through two days. An impor
tant report will be received from El
wood Mead relative to the work of
the irrigation investigation of the
United States in California. The geo
logical survey will also submit a va
riety of reports bearing upon Govern
ment undertakings in this State. These
will deal with what the Government is
doing on the Colorado and Owens
rivers, for reservoir sites, etc.
Many Reports Expected When Water
and Forest Association Assembles
for Annual Deliberation. .
PROGRESS OF IRRIGATION
IS COXVEXTIOX'S THE3I E
Several minor amendments suggested
by the Committee on Appropriations
were adopted, among them the follow* 1
Ing: Appropriating $25,000 to enable
the United States to participate in the*
Liege (Belgium) exposition of 1905;: ap
propriating $20,000 for a railroad; map
of the United States to be made by the
Geological Survey; = authorizing the . Is
suance of medals; for exhibitors at the
The Question of additional accom-^
modation in the. way of office and com
mittee rooms occupied the attention of
the Senate the greater part of the day.
The subject arose In connection, with
two provisions in- the sundry civil ap
propriation bill, one for an ¦ extension
of the east front of the Capitol in ac
cordance with sketches left by Archi
tect Walters and the other for an out
side Senate office and committee build
ing. Much variety of opinion was ex
pressed and the question waa still un
der consideration when the Senate ad
journed. .
WORK OF THE SENATE.
No one. responding, the bill waa
passed, 147 to 104, a strict party vote.
Speaker Cannon further convulsed
the House when he asked: "Is there
any other gentleman who desires the
bill read?" I^ v -
Mr. Williams, the minority leader,
jocularly inquired if the Speaker's de
cision had been arrived at "after con
sultation." The Speaker promptly .re
plied that it had been, and set the
House in an uproar when he added:
"The skilled parliamentarian who has
been at this desk for many years can
give the chair," and after a pause,
"and the gentleman from Mississippi,
cards and spades and then have a
fount'ain of parliamentary knowledge
left." It was some moments before the
applause which greeted this "sally sub
sided. Mr. Maddox of Georgia demand
ed the reading of the bill, which was
begun, but later he withdrew his re
quest.
Delegate Wilson of .Arizona asked If
New Mexico, with all her resources,
would not prefer individual statehood,
to which Mr. Rodey replied that his
views were well known and that if
the people did not like the measure
they had the privilege of voting it
down, "as the election expenses were
to be paid by the Government." -He
predicted that in 1910 New Mexico
would have a population of 1,000,000 and
closed with an earnest plea for the pas
sage of the bill. The third reading of
the bill had been directed by the
Speaker, whereupon Mr. Moon, in
quired If the third reading was to be
by title only. In the midst of an elab
orate discussion the Speaker turned to
the parliamentarian, Mr. Hinds, for
further advice, and then announced
that he would resolve the whole ques
tion in favor of the individual privi
lege of each member, any one of whom
could demand the reading of the bill.
The debate was closed by Rodey of
New Mexico, who said that, while the
bill did not suit the people of his Ter
ritory, they nevertheless acquiesced in
it. He explained In great detail the
resource : of both Arizona and his own
Territory, and inquired if agriculture
alone were necessary to support a pop
ulation. He obtained great applause
when he cited New Tork City with its
great population, which, he said, did
not produce a potato.
XEW 3IF-YICO'S PROSPECTS.
Russell of Texas criticized the plan
for the division of the delegates to the
constitutional convention of the State
of Oklahoma, which, he said, proceed
ed on the rule of .eliminating from the
population of Indian Territory the In
dians of the five civilized tribes.
Grosvenor of Ohio was open in his
expressions of disapproval of the bill,
but said that, as the United States was
a country of parties, and as parties
spoke through the caucuses, he would
vote for the bill.
In a brief speech in support of the
bill, Curtis of Kansas insisted that the
Indians of the five civilized tribes and
the whites | of Indian Territory were
ready for statehood, and that 90 per
cent of the Indians were in favor of
joint statehood with Oklahoma. While
stating that the bill did not exactly
conform to his Idea of what was want
ed by the people of Oklahoma, JJc-
Guire declared that should it pass there
would not be a vote against it either
in Oklahoma or Indian Territory.
Republican opposition, to. the bill
came from Needham of California,
who, while entering no protest against
the union of Oklahoma and Indian
Territory^ vigorously attacked the
proposition for Joint statehood in Ari
zona and New Mexico.
In opposing the union of Arizona
and New Mexico Wilson declared that
such union, against the will of the
people, was ultra-radical in policy
and was a political revolution in both
legislation and policy.
KANSAN* SUPPORTS BIULi.
WASHINGTON. April 19.— After a
debate extending through the entire
session, the House to-day passed the
bill providing for the Joint statehood
of Oklahoma and Indian Territory' un
der the name of Oklahoma and of Ari
zona and New Mexico under the name
of Arizona. In discussing the rule
which, had been reported by the Com
mittee on Rules providing for Imme
diate consideration of the bill, Wil
liams." the minority leader, declared
that no Republican had any idea that
the bill would become law at this
session. Delegate Wilson of Arizona
opposed the bill. It was favored by
Delegates Rodey of New Mexico and
McGulre of Oklahoma.
Proposed Extension of a Por
tion of the Capitol at
Washington Excites De
bate Among the Senators
ARIZONA DELEGATE
STAKES OBJECTION
Saturday will also be a special day.
the exhibition closing with an enter
tainment. The following artists have
contributed to the exhibit:
I-ucla K. Mathews. Bertha S. L*e. Mn.
Alice C. Best. Miss Isabel Hunter. Miss Ma
rion Prewe Mr«. Ada R. Shaughan. Mls« N".
J-. Treat. Mrs. A. B Chitttenden. Mise Edith
Whitefleld. MUs Annie Pi Br.lggs. Mrs. Al
bertlne Randall Wheelan, Miss Mary C. Brad
ley, Arthur W. Best. Henry C. Best. Xavi?r
Martinez, G Cadenasso 'John M. Gamble, L.
P. Lattmer Maynard Dlxon. G. K. P. Plzzonl.
Will Sparks Henry W. Seawell. R. H. Bloom
er. William Cantrell. C. Chapel Judaon. C. D.
Robinson. Theodore J. Keane. Maurice Del
mue Joseph Greenbaum. Sydney J. Yard. Hen
ry Patigian Stanley Arthur. William Hub-v
cek, ChrU Jorgensen H. Klassen, Matteo San
dona, Henry Stuart Fonda.
The exhibit represents some of the
best work by .well known local artists.
The pictures are limited as to size and
price and the proceeds of the sale are
to be set apart for a Press Club bed
at the Children's Hospital.
The sketch exhibition at the Press
Club Is proving a srreat attraction to
the art lovers of the city and the
jinksroom is well filled every after
noon And evening. There will be spe
cial attractions at the club this after
noon. The ladies of the Children's
Hospital committee have sent cards
to v the club and society women of this
city and the clubrpoma will be open
to the guests. There will be music
by some of the best instrumentalists
and vocalists in San Francisco. Re
freshments will be served in the Dutch
room. * i
He was generally considered a rich man,
but It will be a surprise to many to know
that Samuel Davis was a millionaire. His life
was as unostentatious as his charity, and
speaking about hU kindly disposition Ej may
say that but few actually knew the extent cf
h:s giving. He was generous to his unfortunate
fellowman. but never allowed any one to know
of his generosity. If It became known that he
•lid a friend a rood turn It was never from
his own lips. Apart from his property, a good
deal of which is in the Potrero, he left $100,
00V in cash.
He then bejaa buytng Sacramento city and
county beads a T . 20, 30 and 40 . cents on the
dollar and Jater sued the ceunty and made
SC0O.0OO oriTtCO.000.-i jDavU /ollowed up his
good fortune by investing" in all kinds of gilt
edr» securities.
GILT EDGE SECURITIES.
Samuel Davis was 77 years of age. He was
bcrn at Gallway. Saratoga County, New Tork.
and came to California In 1SS3, then being the
possessor of flWO. He speculated in Sierra
County scrip and securities and during the
war speculated In greenback bonds. In 1MS3
he came to fc'an Francisco with and
lent money at good interest. He got hold of
Indian war bond* issued by the State of Cali
fornia and on that alone he made $50,000.
The will was filed in the Superior
Court yesterday and accompanying it
was a petition by Julius Reis that the
document be admitted to probate and
he be granted letters of administration.
The petition states that the estate
is worth more than $1,000,000 and that
the only relatives of deceased are Jane
Davis, a sister, Mrs. Mary Stone, his
niece, and Henry W. Davis, a nephew,
all residing in Churchville, New York.
The petition states that deceased was
never married and that he has no other
relatives other than the persons named.
Reis has already been appointed spe
cial administrator of the estate and he
secured letters a few days after the
death of Davis.
Speaking of the late Mr. Davis yester
day, Attorney Cowdery said:
His mode of living was frugal and
he resided in onejroom situated at 40S
California street and probably his most
intimate friends were, Julius Reis and
Attorney J. F. Cowdery. • •
Davis left a will entirely in his hand
writing. It was executed in February.
1S9S. , It Is a peculiar last testament in
that it does not contain the name of
a single devisee or dispose .of any of
his estate and simply names Reis, his
long time friend, as executor of the
will, and provides that in the event
of his death or refusal to serve
the office shall devolve upon the Union
Trust Company.
A WEAL/THY ESTATE.
When Samuel Davis died on April 5
last at Lane Hospital there was not
one at his bedside who dreamed that
the septuagenarian had accumulated
and left an estate valued at more than
$1,500,000.
Daria- ,was known as one of the
"strange men" of the city. His inti
mate friends always thought him well
to-do and by almost all his acquaint
ances he was considered a man who
guarded whatever he was possessed of
with extreme dosenesa.^ But few were
given the privilege of knowing Samuel
Davis.
Charity His Characteristic,
Yet Few Knew of His Many
Gracious and Kindly Acts
Part of the Proceeds of Sales
Are to Be Devoted to the
Children's Hospital Fund
3Ieasnre Providing for the
- Admission of Four of the
Southwestern Territories
Passes the Lower Branch
A sensational verdict was rendered
in the inquest room of the Morgue yes
terday afternoon, when a Jury, consist
ing of G. W. Rumble, foreman, K. A.
Mueller. J. J. Kiibride. J. Q. Hatch,
Julius A. Elchorn, Charies W. Guild.
I~ C. White and J. Elm charged Dr.
G. F. Brackett. chief surgeon of the
Emergency Hospital. with having
charged fees for services rendered ip
the capacity cf city Burgeon.
The case upon which the charge is
founded is that of a. HL Ames, who
subsequently died from injuries re
ceived in an elevator accident at the
store cf A. Fleishhacker & Co., 17-13
S utter street.
On the afternoon of February 13
Ame*. an employe at the Fleishhacker
firm, met with an accident while run
ning a freight elevator. The ropes cf
the machine failed to work properly
and Ames' foot was caught between
the elevator and the floor. He was re
moved to the Emergency Hospital, then
transferred to the German Hospital,
where he di»»d on February 24.
Directly" after tHe accident, Fleish
hacker. the employer of the injured
man. called up Dr. Brackett. telling
him that he had a personal friend, one
Dr. Huntington. whom he would like to
have on the case. Dr. Brackett an
swered that he was willing to meet
Dr. Huntington In consultation, pro
vided Fleishhacker pay him (Brackett)
the sum of $5. consultation fee.
Fleishhacker says that rather than
have ar.y dispute he paid Brackett.
Huntington asked that the injured man
be removed to a ward in the City and
County Hospital, where Huntington
might give the case his close atten
tion, but Brackett objected, saying that
Th? operation must be performed at
th* Emergency Hospital.
Brackett next visited Mrs. Ames,
wife cf the patient, telling her that it
would be impossible to have the man
removed to Huntington's hospital* and
that the best plan would be to permit
Brackett to have sole charge of the
case.
Mrs. Ames agreed to let Brackett
have the case and consented to his
performing the operation.
Brackett then telephoned to Fleish
hacker to the effect that 5100 would be
needed for medicines and incidentals,
but that he did not want the money
in the form of a fee. Fleishhacker
•neutly refused to pay the money and
was later notified by an attorney that
h* would be made to stand the ex
jonsee of the case.
M. Fleishhackrr told the following
story on the witness stand:
A. H. Ames, an en-.p!oy» cf my firm, 54
:-e«rs of ace. »« injured by our freight ele
vator on the 13th of last February. There
were n.> witnesses to the accident 'a.n<i it is
• matter ct speculation how the mishap oc
curred.
DOCTOR SEIZES CASE.
Directiy after the accident Ainea waa re
r:*-\»«j to the Central EianEMiry Hospital,
where he waa received by Dr. Brackett. I
telephoned to BraeJwtt and asked him hew
>^r:ous the mans injuries were. He informed
ic^ that it might be necessary to amputate
< t;«? leg as tie foot was badly crushed. I
then asked If Brackett would have any objec
tions to ray calling in. Dr. Huntisston. la
whose abilities as a surgeon I have great faith.
Kracketf said he had not the slightest objc:
ticn'to meeting an outside doctor in consulta
tion, but that I must pay Brackett the cus
tomary S3 consultation fee.
Rather than have trouble I paid the, money
and nctiffed Huntington of the accident. Tl'hen
ll was decided to operate Hur.tington asked
that a rr.es be removed to the City aad County
Hospital, where the doctor could give the case
constant attention. Bracken objected etrenu
rusly and «aid the man could r.et be removed
without the approval cf the hospital authori
ties.
Brackett n?xt asked me for $100 for in
cidental expenses In the case. I refused to pay
tin* and was later notified by an attorney by
f!?e name of Abbott that he would like to see
me. I feel sure that Abbott represented
Hratkftt. Brarkett later toM me that he had
t^eer. given permission by Mrs. Ames to per
'enn the operation and that owing to the
financial embarrassment of the Ames family
h» would perform the operation free of charge
provided I pay fcim the incidental expenses, i
s.«!n refused to pay the uaoc&t ar.d Bracket
f'JII came hack with the proposition that he
w«?u!<J g»t Mrs. Ames to relieve us of the re-
for 5100.
SAYS FIRM IS TO BLAME.
Dr. Brackett took the witness stand
|nd claimed that the elevator upon
which Ames was riding was over
loaded. The doctor tried to place the
blame upon the Fleishhacker firm. Em
ployes of that firm that were the first
to see the injured man and the ele
vatcr say that there was absolutely
nothing on the elevator.
Owing to illness Mrs. Ames was un
able to appear at the Inquest.
Ames was finally removed to the
German Hospital under the care of
Brackets He died on the 24th of Feb
ruary.
The jury exonerated the firm of
A. Fleishhacker &. Co. from all blame
and rendered the following verdict:
During the progress of our Investigation of :
this rase it oasne to our notice that L>r. Brack
'tt. the b«ad surjeon »t the City Receiving
Hospital, first demanded a. consultation fee of
*j for himself, which was paid by M. Fletsb
hack»r. Before allowing Dr. HunUnffton the
privilege or a consultation the Bald Dr. Hunt- !
lrjrtcn. the chief surgeon of the medical de
partment of the University of California, hav
ing be^n called by M. Fleishhacker of the firm
of A. Fieishhacker St Co. to render what *<«r- :
vice* ho could for the injured employe at the
IleceiviE* Hospital, and that Dr. Brackett
further placed obstacle* in the way of remov
ing the patient to Dr. Huntington's ward la •
tin? City c-.d County Hospital. Dr. .Brackett
also influenced the wife of the deceased to give
the caw- to himself, and after pettier it ap
proached M. Fleishhacker with a proposition to
•rive him the sum of $100 for incidentals, etc..
in the treatment of the case, which wa» re
fused.
That Pr. Bracken afterward amputated the
Ir«T at the Central Emergency Hcwpital. after
which the patient was removed to the German
Hospital, where he di<?d. That after the death
an attorney, pent presumably through the.In
fluence of I>r. Brackett. called en the firm of
A. Flelshharker & Co.. demanding 1 damages in
this case. We. the jury, desire to call the
attention of the public to the, disgraceful prac
tice of th!« public institution, and also to call
the attention of the honorable Board of Health
to chapter 3. section 2. of the charter of the,
city and county of San Francisco, pertaining
to accepting feee and the penalty therefor.
Jurcrs O. \V. Rumble (foreman). K. A.
Mueller. J. J Kilbride, J. Q. Hatch. Julius
A. Eichorn. Charles "W. Guild. I* C. White.
J. Elin.
Dr. G. F. Brackett teas Been last
night and he said:
Mr. Anieg was brought to the Central Hos
pital on February 13 suffering from a com
pound comminuted fracture of both bones of
the right leg. Immediate amputation was sug
gested, but permission for such could not be
obtained. Mrs. Ames was sent for, and com
municated wtth Mr. Fleishhacker. who asked
that ejich an cr>eration be deferred until Dr.
Huntington be sent for in consultation.
Dr. Huntlsgton suggested to the patient that
he might go to the City and County Hospital,
where he would have to keep <j'Ji»t for months,
with a possibility of then having to have an
amputation, or he could submit to the opera
tion at "once. The patient rreferred t» sub
mit to the operation at once, and I was asked
to go ahead with the work. After three days'
stay «n the hospital the patient was removed
to the German Hospital, where he died. As
regards charging cf a fee for work performed
in the hospital. I deny the charge: nor did I
ever attempt to collect one. Mr. Fleishhacker
ar.d Mrs. Ames thoroughly understood that
what I did was purely from kindly motives.
3JAX OF ST3Ul£GE MIND
ATTRACTION EOE TO-DAY
Art Lovers Visit Press Club
to View Splendid Pictures
by the Local Painters
Samuel Davis Executes an
Odd Will and Leaves
a Fortune of $1,500,000
Central Emergency Hospital Surgeon Is
Charged With Exacting Outside Fees in
the Ames Case in Violation of Law
CORONER'S JURY CENSURES
DOCTOR G. F. BRACKETT
STATEHOOD
BILL WINS
IN HOUSE
SKETCH EXHIBIT
IS ATTRACTIVE
DIES OWNING
VAST ESTATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', WEDNESDAY. APRIL 20. 1904.
7
AS VEXTXSSa&XVT.
LARGEST STORE
IN THE WEST
>
Prager Company Leases En-
tire 3Iurphy Building t\t
Market and Jones Streets
•
TVOEK BEGINS AT ONCE
•
Will Include Every Modern
Convenience and Will Be
One of the City's Chief At-
tractions.
?
One of the proofs of the wonderful
progress this city is making is shotrn by
the expansion of Prager's Department
Store to include the entire Murphy
Building, at Market and Jones streets,
for its business.
This store is the youngest of the large
retail establishments in the city, being
in existence only a little over a year and
a half, and yet Its patronage has In-
creased so rapidly and to such an extent
that the first floor and immense base-
ment tvhi<-h it has been occupying jare
inadequate to accommodate the trade.
This Department Store, when finished,
will bo the realization of the cherished
plan of the late Daniel T. Murphy, sen-
ior member of the firm of Murphy.
Grant & Co. Before the building was
oompleted Mr. Murphy died and his orig-
inal intentions could not be carried out.
Its uppor floors being turned into offices.
Its location Is. without doubt, the finest
in the city and within a short time will
b*» the shopping <-entcr. The new post-
offlce. theater and other great enter-
prises are being completed in this sec-
tion.
Prager's Department Store will have a
frontage of 'nearly one-half a block on
Market Ftrt»et and will extend hack 275
feet on Jones. There will be every
known item of merchandise .in existence
under its roof, and features never before
seen in the West will be instituted. No
expense will be spared to make it one of
the most attractive and modern estab-
lishments in the world- Every conven-
ience Iknown will be there. There will
be a cafe and telegraph, telephone and
postal facilities and rapid elevators to
all floors. In tbe%dome at the top of the
building will.be a luxurious lounging-
room for women, where appointments
with friends may be kept. It will have
a beautiful outlook of the entlreclty.
One of the greatest features, and one
rarely found in department stores, will
be a separate entrance to the men's and
boys' clothing and furnishing depart-
ments. This will lrad from Jones street
and will overcome the necessity of pass-
Ing through women's departments.
The members of the Prager Company
and Daniel and Eugene. B. Murphy, with
Judge J. G. Maguire. representing the
heirs of the Murphy estate, closed the
transaction a few days ago, and already
the tenants are vacating the upper por-
tion of the building. Work will com-
mence Immediately and at the latest the
new store will be ready for the fall bust-
CALIFORNIA :• v I
I LIMITED TO CHICACO j
; LEAVES DAILY §
*t O:HO a. izu, throngfe la 3 day*, 1
with diner and all trapplng-i, • ¦
Other Santa !• Trains: >
7 :30 a. m. 1 for stoc jrt 0n . Frtano. Bakersflsld.
8 :C0 p." nL'J Merced. Hanford aad Visalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
S:00 p. m. fcr Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— 641 Market St. and
Perry Depot. S. 7. Also 1113 Broad-
: way. Oakland. Cal. 97 South Tint St..
I San Joae.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAILWAT COMPAI9TT.
Tlbnron 7«rry, Foot of Market Street.
SAK PBANCISCO TO SAH BAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:^0. 8:W. 11:00 a. m.: 12^5.
3:30. S:10. 6:SO p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
nx 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at t:5O aad 11:30 p.m.
8UN*DAYS — 8:00. 9:30, 11:CO a. m.; 1:3*
3:30. 5:C0. 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
•SAN BAFASZ. TO SAK 7BAHCZS00.
WEEK DAYS— 6:03. 7:35, 7:50. 9:29. 11:14
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:C5 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — s:CO. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40.
3:40. 4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. rr».
Leave 1 In ECect j Arrive
[ San Franclsro. j Sept. 27, 1903. [San Francisco.
| Week [I San- I Destlna- I Sun- J We«k
; Days. 1 days. | tlon. | days. ( Days.
7:39a 8:COa| 9:10a 8:40a
9:30 ai Ignaclo. lu:40 a 1O:2O a.
3:30 p 3:30 pi «:«)¦', p 6::i)p
5:10 p 5:00 p| 7:35 p
7:30 a 0:10a] 8:40 a,
8:00 a Novato. 10:40aflO:20a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma «:05pl-«:2up
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 pi
5:00 p Santa Rcaa. ¦ [
7:30 a j |10:4Oa 10:24 a
S:O0ai Fultcn. | 7^5 p C:'M »
3:30 p 3:30 pj j
I . Windsor.
I 7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburz. 10:40 a 10:20 *,
I Lytton.
! 3:30 p 3:30 p GeyservtUe. 7:35 pj 6:20.p
i Cloverdale. f
7:3Oa S:OOa Hopland . 10:40 ah0:20 »
3:30 p 3:30 p and Uklah. 7:35 p| «:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| WllUta. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 pi Guernevilte. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al . Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 8:00 p| Glen Ellen. |6:05p(«:20p
7:SOa|S:0Oa| 110:40 ai 10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 p| Sebaatopol. ( 7:35 p| «:2l> p
i STAGES connect at Green Brae fcr San
I Quentin. at Santa Rosa for Whit- Sulphur
I Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
i Sf.rtnus; at Lytton lor Lytton Springs; at Uev-
! serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
i the Geysers. Boonevllte and Greenwood- at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
> Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
* port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga gprlngn. Blue Lakes Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pome
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. LlertyV
Bucknetls Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Orr's
Hot Springs. Hallway House. Comptche, Camp
Steveos. Hopkins. Mendocino City, Fort Bra**
West Point, Usal; at Wlllita for Fort Bragy
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto, Covelo. Layton-
vllle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs, Harris Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garbervllle. .Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices, 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RTAN.
. Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILLVALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
?iaSanaallto Ferry.
I Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric —
Depart from San Francisco Dally 7:00 8: CO.
9:00 10-.C0. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:15l 4:15
5:15' 6:15. 7:00. 8:45. 10:2O. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
— Daily. 5:25. 6:35. 7:40. 8:35, 0:35. 11:05 a.
m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 8:45. 8:43.
8:45 10:20 p. m.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally. 5:45. 6:55. 7:52. 8:55. 8:55,
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 5:05, 6:05.
7:05.8:00.10:35 p.m.
THROTTGH TRAINS.
; '8:00 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m. .week days (Saturday excepted) —
Tomales and way stations. ¦
3:15 -p. m. Saturday*— Caradero ' and way
stations. - ••¦¦¦' ,
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes aad
way stations. •*¦• ¦:-:. , • • - ,.¦
. TICKET OFFICE — 626 Market st. , -
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market «t.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
OTJ AXABTESS CTTatB ' FOB 3CX3T.
ytawT.pw X2TJZOTZOV. Cures ordinary
cases In a few days. Warranted to cure
worst cages. SO OTHSX TJHSATmafT
BEQTTZBXO). ' Prevents and * Cures Stric-
tures. PBEYSXT8 COJTTAQlOjr. Harm-
less. J2.00 for both bottles. For sals only
V. 8. XEEJ^TS *g»^»^**CT. 102 Eddy.
IasthmanolAi
Is tb* only car* for Xerroas aaa
Bronchial ASTJDCA. ' •
' Tour Drugglat or at SOS HA1UHT ST..
TZXO&Z^ 6aa t Frajjdaco, Cai . v - . - v
\AI. T^Ff ESS,
Kotary PnWic aad Attoraay-at-Ziaw.
Tenth > Floor. Room ' 1015. Clacs Soreckeu Lliig.
Telephone Mam 8S3.
Residence, 1802 McAllister at- ' .
. ¦ Residence . Teleoaaxe Fa«ai SaVat. . ¦
/^TfTr^X Tralas leave aa« are
/Oa^^A^X daetoarHTe.t
I f ftVMSST \*9\ '
l w r a »<Sn^* t * > ) 1 SAJf rRA!fCISCO>
V-AV g/O/ T%0M Ar * u ' 19 ' tt0 *~
j V^^^^y Txmwr Dim
.^^C \\r (Foot «f Market Stre«)
i.aAT« - MAIN LINE. -AB»it.
7.60a VscaTiUc. Wlaur*. RniaieT- 7.M*
7419a Bentcla. Snliaa. Eltntra aad Saersr
n»nt«» 7.23?
7-50* Vailejo. Xa?a. Ca'.lstoja. 9aat*
Rota. M»r:'a«i. Saa Itsiaoa..... •23'"
7-30* Kllea. LlT«rmore. Traer. Laxbrosw
Stockton 7.28c
I 00* Shaata Express— (Via Dat!i>.
. WlUtaas (tor Bartlctt Sprlso),
wniowa. trrato. Ked BlaS.
Portland. Tacouii. Seattle 7.39*
103* DaTis.Wood}aad.Kat:huLaa(tlas.
MaryiTitle. Oroville 7.60P
• JOa Fort Costa. MarUoes. AnUocX
Byron. Traer. Stecktoa. v»-»-
mat. Los Baaos. Mendota,
•Ansoaa. Baaford. VI • all a,
Fort-rrr.le «.29*
8-X0a Fort Costa. Lathros. Mudeito, .
Merced. Freiao, Goaae* Jcac-
floa. Haatord. V!»alla. Baktrm-
oeld 4.SIV
§-5Ca Kile*. Saa Joae, LIvenaore. StocJc-
ton. (rMIltoa). love. Sacramento.
Placerrtlle. MaryrrUe. Calca,
Ked BlaJT... 4.29^
1-30* Oskdale. Cctaese. Jamestova. 5o-
Dora. Taoliunae aad Aasels ..... 4.20*
9C0a Atlantic Express— Ogdea*ad>ast. 11.20*
3 30a Richmond. Mirtlaez aad Way
Stations •. u. •50i >
10 00a Tbe OTerland Limited — Ugdea.
Dearer. Osaana, Chicago.. ....... t.2fl»
10.00a TaUeJo- 12 20c
'.0 00a Le% Ancelea Paaaeacer — Port
Costa. Martlaez. Byran. Tracy.
Latnropk Stockton. Merced,
Raymond, Frevao, Gosnea Jc=c-
t'.on. Raaford. Leaaoore. Visalla.
Bakerifleld. Los An&-eles 7-20*
1269m Harvard. >.'!!•« aad Way Statloas. 3-20"
fi-OOr Baerameato Rlrer Steamers ..... ti I.Car
3-30F B-nlcJa. Wlatera. Saerameats.
i "Woodland. Knlrnts Landlay.
I llarysrUle. OroTllle aad way
station*..... ........I..... 1050*
1 J30p Bayward.Mles*adWarSutloa».. 750*
liQr ton Costa, Martlaez. Bjma.
Tracy, Latarop, Modsito.
Merced. Bcreada. rresao aad
"Way Statloas beTond Port.Co«ta 12-ZOp
5 3Cr Tosemtte Valley. Moo. Wed, Fr*. 9 20 «.
330r MartiBez.Tracy.Stoektoa.Lod!... 10-20*
4 COr Marttftcz.SaalUmoQ.VaUejo.S'apav
¦ CalUtosra, SaaU Rosa. 8.23*
4 CO* Ktlet. Tracy. Stocktoa. Lodl 4.20?
4.30r Hayirard. Kites. IrTlnjtoa. SaaJ ?8.50*
Jos*. Llrermore ..| Ml. S3*
BXOf Tha Owl Limited— Xerau, Los
Banes. Meadota. Freiao. Tclar*.
Ba 'i. er 1 9 « Id. Los A n s«l ea.
Goldea State Limited Sleeper,
Oakland to L«i Aoz*!ea. for Cal-
caco. »!a C. R. I. it T. (last tzip -
mm^_ April 1») 3.20*.
iCOr Port Costa. Trscy, Stoektoa 12.20.'
t5 ZQr Harvard. ?>l!ei aad Saa Jos* ..... 7.20a,
S.OOr Hayward. N lies aad Saa Jose....... $.b0*
•X0v Eaatera Ezpr«a»— Ordea. Dearar.
Omasa. St. Lonla, Calcaju aad
East. Port Coata. Bealeta. Sat* . ;¦ .
saa, Elralra. Darta. Saerameato.
Roeklla. Ausarn, Colfat.
Trcckee. Boca, Ksao. Wads-
worta, WUaemacca 5 23^
I.OOf Valle )t>. daOy. exeegt Saaday.... i - - -_
74J0r VaUejo. Snaday oaly.- f '•¦° y
JJjQr hlcamond. 8aa Pablo. Port Costa. - -
MarWaex aad Way Rutloaa...... 11.20a
t46r Orecoa * Califarata Kxpress— S*c-
rttneato. MaryaTtlle, Reddlar.
Fortlaod. Facet Sonad aad Ba»t. I 50 a
t.iOr Haj ward, Nile* aad Saa Joae (Saa-
day oaly) ............ 11-58*;
COAST LINE »!Urr»w tlup).
(Toot of Markst Street.)
7.45a 8aataCraaExcarsloa(SBaday0Bly) *V10r
8-15* Newark. Ceaterrllle. Saa Joae. . .
Feltoa. Iloulaer Creei. Saata
Cm aad Way Stations. S S5»
Z.ttr Hewark. Ceaterrilla. Sta Jose.
5ew A!nia4ea.Los Gato«.Feltoa.
Boulder Creek. Saata Cms aad
Principal Way Stattont 110 55*
4.1S> Hewark. Saa Jose. Los Sato* aad I ff.SS*.
way otatloaa 1 110 85*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrem SAM ifllAHCl&CO, Foot of Market St. «SUa<»
-r.-.U t-.on 11:30 a.m. 1.00 3 00 S.I 5 p.*.
Vrea OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 1<. -00 t3:fll
tS:l» lmfiu a.m. 12.00 2_00 4 00 pit.
COAST LINE (BrwwJ 4ia M »).
• pr~<iaird aad Towwaead Staeeta.) .
6.10a 6aa Jo»e ana Way StatJom.. ....... &V3OF
1700* Saa Jose aad Way SUUoaa 5.40?
7.15a Moaterey aad Saata Cnu Kxcar- - -
slon (Saaday oaly) 10-30*
100a New Almadea (Tues, Frld^ oaly), 4-10»
• 00a Tne Coaster— Stops oal/ Saa Jose.
Gllroy (eonnectloa . for Hoi Ha-
ter). Pajars. CastrorOls .(c«a-
' / •'•: aectioa to and from Moaterey
aad Pactac Orore). Saltaaa. Saa
• Ardo. Paso Boblea. Saata, Mar-
rartts. Saa Lai»Ob1spovprlactpai
statloas taeace Sarf (eoaaeetloa
for Lotnpoc). prlncl?«! stations .
thence Santa Barbara. 5as Pa* a v
Teatara, Bnrbank. Los Ac{et»s. 10.43V
i I. Ma gan Jose.. Tres Plnoi. Capiiola. .
8aataCraz.PaclflcGroTe.Saltaaa,
Saa Lala OMspo aad Principal
Way Stations 4.13»
1040a Saa Jose aad Way Statloas. ; 1.20?
1140a laata Clara. Saa Joie,Loa 6 a to* _
aad Way SUtloas....... 7.30»
}ZQr Saa Jos* aad Way Statloas I Sit
• COr d,i Jjoate . Exprees— Saata Clara.
Saa Jose, Del Moate. Moaterey.
Pacific Grore (coanecta at Saata
Clara, except Sunday, for Saata
Craz, Boalder Cre«k and 5 arrow
; GeagePolats) at Gllroy for Bol-
lltter. Trea Plaos. at Pajvro for
Santa Cnu, . at Castrorille for
Sallaas MAii
t-iOr Tres Plaos War Paaaenjrer 13 4S»
4 30f Kaa Jo«e sad way Statloaa... t30S*
tS C0»- Saata Clara. San Joae. Lo* Gatoa.
aad principal Way Station* (ex-
eeptSaadar) *S 03*'
I530p EaaJoseaadPrtaeipalWayStatloBs 19 40*
5 43<-6oDi»t United.— RMwowl. Baa
Jo«e,Gllror.SaUnaa.PasoK6bles,
San LaU ObUpo. Saata Barbara,
Los Aateles. Deninz.El Paso%
' Kew Orjeaaa. >**w Tork. Cob- ' ¦
: " . aects at Pajaro for. Saata Cms
aad at Castrvrtn* ¦ for Padfle
;•;>-/••-». Grore aad Way Stations....';;.. 7.1 •»
ffi.U^ Saa Mateo, Beresfori,Belmoat,Saa ;
. Carlos, i Kedwood. Fair Oaka,
Mealo Park. Palo Alto *f.M»
S Mr Saa Joae sad .Way Stations 6-34*
- « 00p Palo Alto aad Way Statloas 10.15*
1l.30r South SaaFraacUco. UHlbrae. Bnr-
. . ilsjim*. eaa Mateo, Bebnoat, . '
Eaa Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, aad Palo AUo...... 1.45?
¦11-SSr Mayfleld. Moaatala View. Saaay-
?ale. Lawrence. Saata Clara aad
| : ' ; Saa Jo— .......¦...../:....¦..;.:. -tt.4Sr
'- A far Moralsr. - ¦ • P for After nooa.
. . ISaadayexeeptee. - J Saaday enly. ..
• Satarday aBly.-dBii5Jr»a*«^Q»V- '
I Slope at all atatloas ea Saaday. « ¦ -' ° 1 "
CfeV*Oaly tralas stoppinc at Valencia St. soataboaal
ar»*:io a.»^ ?:0Oa.x^' 7:31.1, 11:30a. «^ IXOrJL.
t-.tOr.rt. aad 8:00 p.m. . . ¦ > --¦ -. - . . r -..
IWt. Tamalpais Railway
T --= \ Lawva ¦-.. Ha Iwrttj hmj I -"rArrt»%^™5^ '
jMPtMd— las»af »srs»sa\ • 9mmrm,dmm
Yy ( «h Saav mbsb Smb- Westk'
Daya. «atya - *>T* Dayv
ntM i,*a:oal HUH Iftioftp fjija
•tiWr t:»» ¦ sW !**»•» •:*»»
•tlftp ttcOOA W V 9itmr *:5«f :
. J1:<H»A. aV «ia«r tiM»
., 1:49* »:»•» _
¦M i M !tlt H -. *-****! '
± TOat 1 4B» Maxxxt ST_(N«rt* Skat« KaJbasMaT
mmm l»mtttw*nrraTmx*,Tm*MaM*mt±,
APVEBTISEMENTS.
I ¦> * J'v" •
SLOANES CAKPETS
Are incomparable in assortment and
quality— without exception the largest
carpet display on the Pacific Coast.
From Ingrains to Imported Carpets
every make is fully represented. We
not only show every staple pattern,
but an extensive line of exclusive de-
signs. There is far more satisfaction
in choosing your. Carpets from a
complete stock, especially when our
prices are the same and in, many in-
stances lower than elsewhere. We
invite a careful inspection and a
critical comparison.
W& J. SLOANE &CO
•FURNITURE • CARPET* - RUGJ - DRAPERIES
114-122 POST STREET
< APVEBTTSEMENTS. ' ,
tSfSssSL S*"W^K a%>
pSllii§|3« * at m M
fe™ A real malt extract, rich
¦I M m ltl t° n * c properties and a
|K3S| *r^w^
[1^3MBVsmO|] It contains 14.60 per cent genuine
y^2g^2^^2Si3J nutritive extract, less than a per
Pj^jUwNiwro55J|^TOTJ cent of alcohol — non-intoxicating.
E* J fe?2SS!S15Jn.XS 'Builds flesh, bone", tissue— giver
fc^ftF^SSSfaS appetite and energy.
Eg'WV^ ||jjpsjfBfe^H '. : All Drun-ists sfll it. Prepare^ only by
¦ps^^^^S Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
' . 1 I^S World's Fair Visitors are 'cordUliy invited to visit
the Anheuser-Busch Brewery.
¦-" J, Spe-clal information . supplied daily tc
business houses and ' public men by tir-j
Tress Clipping Bureau (All#n's). 230 Cal«
HornU street. Telephone Main 1012. *
Chow' ;Tszchi, the first secretary of the , Chinese lega
tion at Washington, ; ; who' has. just arrived; here, has i a
namethat needn't be sneezed at." \ i: -V<v.->1§SiSi
The New York' Times of April 12
comments In a. lively manner, upon
the latest consignment of curiosities
to the St. Louis Exposition. It says : v .
"Clad mainly In American mun\^fac-
Severely Plain Garb.
Townsend's California Glace fruits and
cholc«u candles.' In .artistic flre-etched
boxes, . A l nic« present,for Eastern friends.
715 Market street, above Call building. •
"I; don't know. I was merely, on the
front dashboard for the , fraction : of a
second, and before. I could ; pick . myself
up itigot away."— Philadelphia Press.
"Whose was it?"
Just for an Instant— ''Weren't you
ever on an automobile?"
"Tea, Once."
An earthquake has just been; experienced at Papeete;
Tahiti, which ', shook "all the books out ; of the [ shelves; It
is well that false teeth- are not r fashionable with the
natives of that place. .
On Friday.. and Saturday the people, of the Modesto
and Turlock^.irrigation districts will celebrate their ex
penditure of two and a half million' dollars in success
fully* irrigating over a quarter of a million acres of land.
May)the"*celebration be; a fitting climax to the splendid
energy of ;< those responsible for this great work, which
is of inestimable value to the State.
• Fire came in suth awful shape/ at St. . Vincent's Hos
pital, Indianapolis, that even a description of its work
is. almost unbearable. Among many third and fourth
story patients an unusual number had recently under
gone surgical operations. ' One unfortunate,' just oper
ated'on for appendicitis, ran down four flight, of stairs
to. the street. For the perfection of modern hospitals it
might be suggested that the more helpless be housed on
the 'ground floor.
THE visit of Prince Pu Lunto this city was made
pleasant to him by the acclaim of all classes of his
countrymen, and by the hearty greeting of a"large
audience of Americans. Though unskilled ; in the use of
English, He is an up to date Prince, and has about him
no superstitious nonsense. He seems to belong to the
school of Marquis Tseng, Li Hung Chang and . Wu
Ting Fang.
In the press interviews had with him, per interpreter,
the interesting fac^ was learned that the. art, science/
history, politics and economics of the _ Western nations
exist in ample Chinese translations, for the study of the
statesmen ofthat country: That he had studied them to
good purpose was. evident in his interviews. ;His knowl
edge of affairs was shown to' be profound, and his views
and comments and their intelligence of expression suffer
nothing; in comparison with those of ' Grand Duke Boris
of the Romanoffs, Prince Henry ; of the Hohenzollerns,
or any' other representatives 1 of. the royal houses of Eu
rope who have visitedus: and talked about us* to/" our,
faces. ¦
Prince Pu was. entirely up in etiquette and good fellow
ship, and is an excellent mixerj as was 'demonstrated
to; his fellow passengers on the; Gaelic. He ,is heretto
study . the world's work ! and . progress Vat the St. ¦ Louis
Exposition, and. as only one life: is ; between him and the
THE CHINESE PRINCE.
The five million dollar "Hero Fund," just established
by Andrew Carnegie, certainly possesses the merit of
novelty in philanthropic work. While a hero is hardly
one who does an act for a promised reward, the feature of
Carnegie's plan to provide for those dependent orV one
who loses his life in the performance of a heroic act is
unquestionably a meritorious' one.
LANDS IN CALIFORNIA— A New-
Comer. City. At the close of the fiscal
year 1903 there were In California 29.
456,676';acres of surveyed and 7,5QS,S54
acres • of ; unsurveyed public lands.
To ascertain where these lands
are it wJH be- necessary to com
municate with the following land offices
In the State: : "At Eureka, Independence,
Los • Angeles, Marysville, Redding. Sac
iramento, San * Francisco, . Stockton, Su
sanvllle and v VIsalla. Each , office will
furnish: a plat of , the Government land
In its district on payment l of one dollar
for each plat;
PRINCE ALBERT'S NAME— A. S..
City. If Prince Albert, who married
Queen Victoria, signed his name Albert
August Charles Emanuel Busicl he
evidently knew what he was doing and
it must be presumed from that act that
that was his name. This name taken
from 'The Life and Reign of Victo
ria" isj at variance with an assertion
of Theodore Martin, the biographer of
the Prince Consort, who was Prince Al
bert of Saxe-Coburg. It was "Wettln
is the family name of the house of
Saxony. The King of Saxony and the
minor Princes of the house are, there
fore, all Wettlns or German Wettlnef."
COMPLICATIONS— Mrs. M. E. D.,
City. In order to "prevent legal com
plications, in case of two persons "car
rying on , a "business which Is /lot in
corporated, in the event of the death of
either." lay the proposition before a
reputable attorney and have him draw
up the necessary papers.
CARNEGIE— Subscriber, City. This
department has published the address
of Andrew Carnegie a number of times.
Correspondents desiring his address or
that of other prominent people will re
ceive the same, if with the letter of in
quiry they will inclose a self-addressed
and stamped envelope.
"This Exhibit Will Be Ready on the
Opening Day," is a , legend that ap
pears In big red. letters above the por
tal r of Idaho's pavilion in the Palace of
Ji gricuture s at the World's Fair. Su
perintendent Wessels has created a
unique and beautiful design that is
Worked out in an artistic manner with
Idaho's nroducts of the soiL
One of the largest and most Interest
ing collections of orchids ever" seen in
America is shown In the Philippine sec
tion of forty acres at the World's Fair.
Many t of the I varieties \ have , lJever , be
fore been; seen outside the ; jungles ; of
the archipelago.
A feature of the' ldrfho exhibit which
has ; been ; install* '.cl ; in the i Palace V* of
Mines ar.d Metallurgy at! the -World's
Fair is" a splendid collection of; gold
nuggrets :; found in. the placer 'mines of
the State. These nuggets are made into
stick pins and ornaments and are sold
as souvenirs.
Hungary has announced her inten
tion of participating in the Olympic
games at the World's ; Fair.
The intramural railway at the
World's Fair is finished and a satis
factory test: has been made. The sys
tem includes, fourteen miles of track,
all within ' the grounds. The visitor
may reach any point of the exposition
for one faro.
Miss Margaret • McFarland of New
Athens, Ohio, has offered the World's
Fair authorities for a.n exhibit the old
school teacher's desk from the-school
room where General Custer "taught
Her father bought the desk when the
old school house was torn down.
.A model public library is a feature
of the Missouri building at the World's
Fair. .; The library consists of 100,000
volumes, contributed by publishers of
current, standard and reference litera
ture. It .includes' special books writ
ten bv Missourians. \ *
St. Louis Notes.
PRINTER'S INK— A. B., City. It is
said that printer's ink may be removed
from any article by means of ether or
oil of turpentine, and that pure ben
zine will have a similar effect.
TRAIN ROBBERY— A. M. S., City.
Train robbery is not a capital offense
in the State of California, but train
wrecking may be punished by death or
imprisonment for life.
Answers to Queries.
The Alameda Daily Encinal of Mon
day takes • appreciative cognizance of
The Call's article on Alameda's pro
gress of that : date. If says:
"The Call this morning devotes, the
better part of a page to Alameda. It
given illustrations of some of the
leading buildings, including the library,
new churches, etc., and in the accom
panying letter, press commences with a
brief summary of Alameda's advan
tages, and follows It with matter con
cerning the Improvement and Ad
vancement Associations, the Adelphia;i
Club, etc. Altogether the article is m
well calculated to attract 'attention to
this town as a desirable, live and pro
gressive community. It Is such publi
cations as these that make the best ad
vertisement for this city, and the peo
ple of Alameda* are indebted to The Call
for the liberal space given and for tha
admirable tone of the article."
Appreciation.
" 'It's against the rules to smoke here.
Stop it or, leave the pier,' demanded
the voice.
"I turned about to see who owned
the chesty toned voice and he looked
at me closely. There seemed to- be a
responsive glint in his eyes, and I
asked him who he was. He replied
that he was superintendent' of the dock
and had been attracted to me because
I had been smoking. Well, to make
a long story short, one word led to
another and I told him I was flat
'broke,' out of work ana 3000 miles
from San Francisco, my home. Lucky
smoke. He was born near the Golden
Gate, too, and declared I should have
a Job at once. True to . his word, he
put" . me to work. . I -earned enough
money to get home and to* resume my
studies that resulted in at last fixing
me in first class shape in my profes
sion. And it was all from the cigar
ette.'!
"I replied that I was resting.
"For several days I tramped along
the water front in search of work, but
my ill-fortune followed me. ; Disgusted,
depressed and disconsolate, I drifted
down to the end of a large steamship
company pier, sat on a pile of stuff,
pulled out a 'cigarette and started to
smoke. In a few minutes a gruff voice
aroused me,. with:
" 'What you doing here?',
"If I should say that cigarette smok
ing gave me my start you would laugh,
but that is the' fact," declared a suc
cessful professional man the other day
at the Press Club. "It was this way.
I^had been down on my luck and drift
ed into a large seaport city on the At
lantic side, > 'broke' and 3000 miles from
home.
Saved by Cigarettes.
LONDON newspapers giving, detailed reports of the
recent mass meeting held in Hyde Park to protest
against opening South Africa to Chinese labor
show that the occasion was one of much more impor
tance than appeared from the brief accounts given in the
cable dispatches. The day was by no means pleasant for
such a gathering, being cold and misty, but none the
less, according to estimates of the Westminster Gazette,
upward of 50,000 workingmen marched m .procession
to the park from various quarters, while thousands of
others joined" them there, so that when the, bugle calls
for order sounded fully 80,000 people were r gathered
around the fourteen platforms "from which addresses
were to be made and resolutions moved.
Among the notable features of the demonstration were
the sentiments emblazoned upon the numerous banners
carried in the parade. One bore the words: -"Parlia
mentary Committee Trade Unjpn Congress, organized to
protest against slave labor." -Another was -inscribed:
"Slavery abolished 1833, revived 1904, after the sacrifice
of 52,000 men, women and children." A third bore the
legend: "We demand work for starving white men in
South Africa." A fourth demanded: "Are the mine
owners to be permitted to paint South Africa a\) yellow?"
Qnite a number bore the inscription: "Freedom of la
bor. No slavery under Ihe British flag."
' The words of the banners were significant of the tone
of the speeches that were to followl From first to .last,
the efforts of all were directed toward arousing antagon
ism to the employment of Chinese in South Africa on the
ground that it would mean a revival of slavery. The res
olutions adopted declared: "This meeting, consisting of
all classes of citizens of London, emphatically protests
.against the action of the Government in granting permis
sion, to import into. South Africa indentured Chinese
labor tinder conditions of slavery, and calls upon them
v to protect this new colony from the greed of capitalists
and the empire from degradation."
The orafors fiercely scored every noted man who had
voted in Parliament for the Chinese bill. Even the
Archbishop of Canterbury was not spared. A reporter
of the Daily News' in describing^the speech of John
Burns, the famous labor leader, who was the bright par
ticular star of the occasion, says of his references to
the head of the church:
"As I come up Mr. Burns is dealing faithfully — very
faithfully — with the Archbishop of Canterbury. The
crowd is reveling in the enjoyment of his fierce, and tell
ing 'but always just and human strokes. 'The Archbishop
must^ake a new title,' says Burns;— c the Chaplain to the
Chinese Compounds.' A roar from the crowd. 'He
speaks of it as a "regrettable necessity." He was an
ticipated in that phrase by another great man— Charles
Peace, the burglar-murderer. When- Charles Peace was
about, to be condemned for" his crimes he said to" his
counsel, "I repeat that I have never taken human life
except: from regrettable necessity."' This time an im
mense roar swept the crowd as the point was accurately
andcarefully thrust home by quotations from a written
paper. -The roar was repeated again and again."
The opposition press of course promptly 'took up the
voice of the' protest of the workingmen, and proceeded
next morning to edit it with all the vigor at
their command. It is . quite f likely, therefore, that
the * effect of the meeting will be , to ma
terially weaken the prestige of the Government
among the workingmen of London and indeed through
out the" kingdom. It is a formidable issue for the'Min
istry to meet, inasmuch as it enables the opposition to
appeal to such varied and potent sentiments as race
prejudice against Chinese, the antagonism felt by large
numhers ..of people to the schemes of the big mine
owners of the Rand, and the high sentiment <v of indigna
tion that exists among ,all classes against anything that
even looks like a Tevival. of slavery. v
THE HYDE PARK- PROTEST.
A farmer near Corvallis, Ore., has lately been botheTed
by bears. He stood it patiently until he found one/of
his cows and a calf killed by them. That was too much,
.so, he got an ax, hunted up the bear family and chopped
up an old bruin and two half-grown cubs. He says his
dander is up and if they don't let him alone he will take
a gun to them next time! ;
"We are always full up here," said
one of the attendants to the writer.
"And we shall continue to be as long
as the guardians make* the workhouse
what" it is now— a refuge from worki
At the Church Army .shelters every
applicant for relief who is not physic
ally incapacitated must earn a
meal before, he receives it. If the
eame system were introduced \ here , we
should immediately ret rid of one-half
of opr able bodied paupers."
Meanwhile the Marylebone , rate-
. Dr. Uayner. the medical officer to
the institution, stated that the camples
©f hereditary pauperism cited were by
no means exceptional. "An intimate
acquaintance with the inner life of
workhouses," he said, "reveals many
things which can only be described as
grotesque."
The Marylebone workhouse i» spot
lessly clean. All its rooms are com
fortably heated by steam. It is equip
ped with all the latest up-to-date im
provement* in the matter of ventila
tion and sanitation. It ha* now near
ly 2000 inmates. ,
Another equally instructive example
is furnished by a family named Glass.
Glass and his wife entered the work
house some twenty years ago and
there settled down. Their son was
sent to the pauper school at Southall
und received an education with the
addition of such frills as are there
deemed necessary to fit the scions of
the lazy to become future ornaments
uf society. In due time young Glass
was turned loose on the world to shift
lor himself. He erot married and then
with his wife shifted to fche workhouse
where misguided beneficence solves
the problem of existence for him and
relieves him of the necessity of work
ing for a living.
"J be fairly comfortable." said the
grandfather, when inquiries were
made a* to his welfare at the work
house, "fairly comfortable." But he
added after a moment, thinking thaj
lie had conceded too much to the in
stitution which had sheltered and
clothed him for thirteen years, "things
might be a bit better; yes, they might
be a bit better."
The second daughter. Kate, now
about 30 years old, has never encum
bered herself with a husband, finding
that the workhouse renders such un
certain aid in the struggle for exist
ence superfluous. Her four (illegiti
mate) children* were born there. Three
of them died. The surviving child, a
boy. is now on the Shaftsbury training
ship, being trained for a sailor, Ma
rylebone taxpayer* meanwhile defray
ing the expense of his maintenance.
Most considerate of the family, Jo
hanna, the third daughter, has con
tented herself with only occasionally
burdening the workhouse with the
cost of her own keep. At present she
is not a guest there.
Three daughters they had who were
not slow to emulate their parents' ex
ample and profit by Marylebone's civic
hospitality. One of them, Elizabeth,
!<rought with her her husband, a man
named Lawcs. She died in the work
houso. but her four children' a^re being
maintained and educated out of. the
rates at the Guardians' School at
Fouthall. where accomplishments and
instructions in the art of golf playing
constitute part cf the curriculum.
A Pauper's Paradise.
\ Special Corrcffpcndcr.ee.
headquarters of the call.
iilxrii:tta street, covent
OAItPEN. LOXPON, A'.iril 8.— Poor
law guardians of the London borough
of M;:ry].;Uorn? have just advertised for
a woman to teach the girls at one
uf their charity schools— its dollars to
doughnuts no American reader would
ever purrs what— how to play golf!
These benevolent officials have estab
lished the nearest approach to a pau
pers' raradise to be found anywhere,
and in consequence MaryleUone has
become a haven of refuge for folk who
v.ere'-"born tired."
Interpreting in an uncommonly ?en
orous spirit the law which requires
that the destitute shall be given food
Uld shelter, these purveyors of civic
< harity provi3e the dependents on their
bounty with comfort, rest, leisure, re
creation and a little sport when de
rirod, even unto the second and third
generation. Not on'.y are the offspring
of the lazy, shiftless and improvident
v ho come under their care instructed in
¦ach rudiments of learning as are
Taught the children of the hard-work
ing classes in the board schools, but
they are instructed also in music and
other accomplishments calculated to
inspire them with a fine scorn for
anything like menial toil and drudgery.
escape from which is made easy for
them by emulating the' examples of
their progenitors and "living on the
rates."
In MaryleboGe there has just been
brought to light a striking illustration
of the natural consequences of its sys
tom of pampering pauperism. In 1891
P&lrick Downs, a day laborer, by be
ing turned out of home for non-pay
ment of rent, acquired the necessary
statutory qualifications of destitution
which entitled him to relief for the
asking and accordingly he entered one
of the Marylebone workhouses. There
he has lived ever since freed from the
necessity of hustling for a living and
incurring no risk of being evicted. A
few months after his admission his
wife. Catherine, charmed fey his re
ports of the ""soft snap" he had found,
obtained admission to the same hos
pitable institution and there she has
since resided.
By Retting itself played for the one
thousandth time at the Strand last
night "A Chinese Honeymoon" broke,
all records for long runs in London an
the part of musical plays. A touch
of pathos was given to the : occasion,
however, by the death of Ernest Boyd
Jones, who was the original Lord Chan
cellor of the piece. The comedy was
produced first on October 4, 1901, and
Boyd Jones played in It nightly up to
the nine hundred and. eighty-eighth
performance, when he was taken ill
with pleurisy. "I shall not live to see
the thousandth performance," he re
marked pathetically a few days before
his death.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
5 HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON. April S. — Play
goers here welcomed the announce
ment, made the other day, that the
Shaftesbury Theater, where "The
Belle of New York" ran for 700 nights,
is about to become the permanent
London home of American musical
comedy, but probably few who heard
of the scheme were without misgiv
ings as to its result. Theatrical para
gxaphists, of course, pretend to see in
the plan another step toward the
"Americanization" of the Condon
stage, but the "Americanization of the
London stage" has been promised
many times and nothing has come of
it. And the unfortunate part of it
is that the stage here can be "Amer
icanized" to a rather large extent if
only the thing were gone about in the
right way. It is a fact that Londoners
are, in the vernacular, "dead anxious"
to patronize good American attrac
tions, but they have had no end of
disappointments. Heretofore Amer
ican managers almost invariably have
invited failure — when a piece from
across the water has scored over here
— by following it with one or more in
different productions. Never was there
a better chance for continuous money
making by Americans than that which
offered itself after the run of "The
Belle of New York." London was
eager for "more of the same" — and
got "An American Beauty," which had
been a frost at home. . "The Casino
Girl," which followed the old Lillian
Russell play at the Shaftesbury, made
partial amends, but "The Belle of Bo
hemia," next in order, proved a feeble
thing enough. Then came the open
ing of the new Adelphi, with, it was
announced, another "delightful Amer
ican musical comedy," and "The Whirl
of the Town" was given, bored a first
night audience and lived about a fort
night. Result, American playg at a
discount. "Doll»- Varden" failed in
London and its author went back and
told American interviewers that' the
metropolis would have none of jtrans-
Atlantic musical comedies,. But the
company which gave "Dolly Varden"
here was not an adequate one, and
Americans who saw the piece at *the
Avenue foresaw its failure: As for
Julian Edwards* statement that Lon
don audiences don't want American
plays, it need only be pointed out
that "In Dahomey" ran at the Shaftes-,
bury for, 250 nights after "Dolly Var
den" had collapsed. "Sherlock
Holmes" ran ten or eleven months.
"The Darling of the Gods" has passed
its hundredth performance at His
Majesty's.
George Musgrave, the proprietor of
the Shaftesbury, cays he will begin his
new experiment by producing "The
Prince of Pilsen," and tnat he Intends
to give only plays that have been real
successes at home. He promises, too,
that these shall be given by capable
American actors, and If Mr. Musgrave
lives up t^this programme the chances
for success are all in his favor. As
a matter of fact, there seems no Jimit
to the business that can be done by
American plays, especially musical
ones, here in London, if only the pieces
have merit and are well done. Half
the song hits in the London musical
plays at present are "lifted'* from
American successes. "Sammy" is the
piece de resistance of both "The Love
Birds" and "The Earl and the Girl,"
In the latter of which "My Cozy Cor
ner 1 Girl" and another American song
also are sung. William Jerome's "Be
delia" — with new words by George
Grosmith — is given in "The Orchid"
(without credit), and American "busi
ness" is worked into several other
plays.
H. V. Esmond* actor and playwright,
•who wrote "When We Were Twenty-
One" and "Imprudence," has not aoted
in London since he was seen in Henry
Arthur Jones' play "Chance, the Idol,"
but he is to reappear in "The House of
Burnside" when Edward Terry produces
that play early in April. Esmond was
hailed . as the coming Pinero a while
ago, but thus far has not made good.
"When We Were Twenty-One" seems
to have been a success at home, but
it failed in London. Esmond's "Senti
mentalist" had a similar fate, and his
comedy, "Billy's Little. Love Affair,"
soon petered out at the Criterion, what
ever William Faversham and Fay Da
vis may have made of it in the United
States. **
S^eciil Correspondence.
American Plays IVattted.
tured underwear several members of
the royal family of Patagonia arrived
here yesterday oa^Jhe. steamship Cel
tic- They did not occupy the royal
suite aboard the steamship. . but were
quartered under an open hatch in the
steerage, where they received plenty
of fresh air. which they need. But
even in their lowly quarters they
showed their royal blood by keeping
aloof from the other passengers dur
ing the voyage.
"In the party are five men, a woman
and a little girl. The men are all
more than six feet in height, and are
built in proportion. Their features
are very much like those of the Amer
ican Indian. The woman also looked
much like an Indian squaw, but thfe
little girl was a picture. She Is 12
years old, with a bronze colored com-
Ijlexlon and very red cheeks- Her
hair is jet black and hangs in dis
order about her face. Almost every
part of her was covered by' ornaments
and strings of beads, under which she
wore a rough dress of guanaco hide,
which hung loose from her shoulders.
Her feet were incased in shoes which
were given her by a passenger on the
steamship. ,
"The whole party is en route to the
St. Louis Exposition, where they will
form the population of the Patagonian
village. T,hey first wejit from their
homes to Buenos Ayres, ' then by
steamship to Liverpool, where they
were placed aboard the Celtic. When
they left their homes, according to the
custom of their land, they wore white
bands about their, heads, .and scanty
robes and shoes of guanaco skin, but
nothing more. Their guide, a young
Peruvian who had lived with them for
years, and to whom their living pic
ture style of costume did not seem ex
traordinary, led them as they were
aboard the Celtic." .
When the beholder looks upon the boots he is seized
with despair. It grips him like a mental colic, for he
feels that no volunteer will offer to put on those fallen
monuments of the cordwainer's art, and, therefore, El
phus primogenius will continue to tear the flag and the
dilapidation of the temples will go on. But the rest of
the page and all of the obverse are filled with text, from
which we learn that Mr. Hearst's feet exactly fit those
boots! With them on he engages to go fearlessly to
combat with the terrible and extinct animal, and do up
that companion of the long dead dodo in one round!
Incident to this athletic offer, be remarks with great
earnestness and in large and audible type: "The ambi
tion to earn the esteem of others leads away, from St.
Helena, but it opens up a path of true usefulness." That
path he is willing to tread in those boots. The allusion
to St. Helena may be obscure, but the boots are there
in the picture, and the people are told that, "humbly
following in his footsteps, another Lincoln appears,, as
Abraham Lincoln appeared, at^the. moment of greatest
need."
So, it is evident that William Randolp*h Hearst Abra
ham Lincoln is abroad in the land, and if we Were the
legal advisers of the extinct animal with the curved
tusks we would counsel him to pipe all hands to quarters
and clear his decks for action. We cannot close this with
out thanking Mr.^Hearst, in the name of an oppressed
and about to be down-trodden people, for the pain his
s shy and modest disposition has suffered in being com
pelled to proclaim his equality with Lincoln. Perhaps
this explanation is tedious, but it seemed due to the
subject, for boots. were used also by Bombastes.
The rhyme runs on until "burst," "nursed," "worst,"
and ail the words that will rhyme with Hearst are ex
hausted. It is a strong lyric, and well sung, with a banjo
accompaniment, is a call to duty not excelled by any
noise thus far heard in the campaign. But the fertile
genius of Mr. Hearst, inspired by the ambition to be
President, does not stop at the use of one of the arts.'
Music, heavenly maid, is a good girl among the muses,'
but there are others. Having invoked Euterpe, Mr.
Hearst prevents jealousy in the family of Zeus, who
fathered the muse. family, by bringing Clio into action,
with history, to give his campaign a solid foundation.
As a result we find spread upon the vast editorial page
of his New York paper a cartoon, legend and text, of an
awe-inspiring quality. In the left foreground stands a
mammoth, the Elphus primogenius, a tusker at that. It
is a front view. Across the head is the word "Trusts,"
and this terrible though extinct animal is defying popu
lar prejudice by tearing into tatters the stars and stripes,'
for that purpose using his tusks and trunk. In the mid
dle distance is the temple of Justice, falling into ruin.
Its column s>ypibfrtico, pediment, cornice, facade and all of
its architectural vitals are out of order. In the left dis
tance is another temple standing behind three lombardy
poplars, that is too far gone to be identified. It is a pic
ture of melancholy decay, and evidently is beyond re
pair, fit only for the lion and the lizard.
In the right foreground is a pair of old boots. They
are of the kind seen on the feet of old gentlemen who in
their heyday drank too much sherry and got phylloxera
knots on their toes, requiring that the leather be cut-in
slits. These boots . are labeled on a tag tied" to one of
the straps, "A. Lincoln."/ Beneath this stirring histori
cal effort is the legend: "The nation needs for leader a
man of mammoth size, to combat the trust mammoth.
The man that filled this pair of boots, or one like him,
would be able to handle the trust Colossus."
Such a man is in the race, and Is trying for the place;
Uncle Sammy is a friend of his, I know. \
And the syndicates are curst if William Randolph Hearst
Should be the man to run this little, show.
IT is to be regretted that Mr. Hearst does not>ehliven
his-^jalifornia campaign and put his best and most
impressive machinery in motion here, as he doeskin
the East. His headquarters in this city are redolent of
the incense of nicotine, and the N genial, influence of
gently warming beverages is hot unknown there. But
otherwise his campaign is pushe'd more by aggression
than persuasion, and there is abroad a suspicion that his
manager is a sort of Tarpeyan rock from which traitors
are tb be thrown and frightfully mussed, rather than a
grotto of greeting and of promise. / .
Now, in the East his progress toward the White
House is enlivened by pictorial illumination and the
sweet graces of song. Before ttfe primaries in Brooklyn,
the balmy spring evening was spiced by the efforts of a
singer, borrowed from a vaudeville show, who made the
welkin ring and wrung/ applause from our countrymen by
this effort:
Uncle Sammy needs a man on the bold and fearless plan
Who is not afraid of trust or syndicate, .
Who will prove himself a friend to all union labor men,
Who to help the weak will never hesitate.
"Well, never mind," suggested the
man, patting the youngster assuringly
on the head, "you'll soon be in bed
and fast asleep." ;
¦ "No, I won't," replied the boy, at the
same time shooting an inquisitive
glance in the direction of his mother.
"You won't?" queried the man, "and
why not?"
"Well, papa and mamma had a row
coming to the city, and when they get
upstairs they will have a big jaw and
brother and me won't get a chance to
sleep."
The startling . explanation of the
youngster was distinctly heard by the
entire assembly, and both father and
mother showed signs of embarrass
ment that did. not escape the crowd,
which had suddenlv become interested
in the parents of the little fellow.
I Ten minutes later a bellboy, passing
along the corridor on the fourth floor,
was attracted by a strange sound
that resembled that attending the
beating of a carpet, and accompanying
it was the childish cry of "Oh, papa,
I won't do it again— sure, papa, I'll be
a good boy," and then a sterner voice
said: "Now, you brat, get into that
bed as fast as you can." And silence
ensued.
"You're pretty tired, ain't you?" re
marked the gentleman, as he noticed
the " boy's wearied . expression.
"Y-e-s s-i-r," replied the boy, with
a yawn- .
They arrived at the Palace Hotel
6n the late train from the south
father, mother and two youngsters, the
smaller of the two being, about 5 years
of age. The little fellow's drooping
eyelids told plainly- of his tired feel
ing after a sultry and monotonous trip
up through the valley. While the
father hurried to the register to in
scribe his name and secure his apart
ments, the mother, her face bearing
a serious expression that might have
been attributed to fatigue, threw her-
Belf into a big chair and stared sol
emnly at the hotel clock, which point
ed the hour of midnight. The little
fellow, somewhat awed by his magnifi
cent surroundings, quietly wandered
into the crowd of travelers who were
waiting th-ir turn at the desk, and
was soon engaged In conversation with
one of the hotel's prospective guests.
The Reward of Truth.
"The man who dies rich dies dis
graced." declared the multi-million
aire philanthropist. And the Maryle
bone guardians are doing their best to
make things easy for those, who by the
simple and effective, process of es
chewing work elect to die poor. » (
payers, groaning under an increase in
the rates of 5 cents on the dollar in
the Last seven years, are clamorously
demanding to know where this sort
of -thing' is groins to stop and whether
it is not possible to strike some eco
nomical, commonsense medium be
tween the hungry Oliver Twist of
Dickens' workhouse crying for more
and the well fed and comfortably clad
maiden of the modern Marylebone in
gtitution receiving instruction in golf.
Marylebone, by the way, is the, bor
ough that rejected Andrew Carnegie's
proffered gift of a free public library.
throne of the empire, it is gratifying that he who may
rule will have a chance to study this country and get
ideas concerning our commercial relations with his,
which will work to our advantage ¦ when he sways the
scepter of Cathay. He manifested the good sense and
good taste of ,a gentleman, a man of the world and a
student of its affairs. Those who come in contact
with him do not fail to notice many matters, of conduct
in which he is much superior to the Romanoff Grand
Duke.
If; his tour result in suggesting to other members -of
his family that they sec the world, it will be well. If Tsi
An, the Dowager Empress, who is now the real ruler of
China, would come here, she would be received as the
most remarkable woman in the world's history, for she
governs more millions than any that ever "held ' the
reins. ; Itjus been intimated thatTsi An, because of her
friendship 'for .Mrs. Conger, wife of our Minister at
Peking, may be induced to make the tour.' If she do the
club ladies of this country will capture a star,
CARTOON CAMPAIGNING.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- WEDNESDAY, Af>RIL 20, 1904.
THE SAN FFJ&NGISCQ GALE
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor .... .' . . . . ? Addresv All Commanicatioas to JOHN RcNAUGHT. 'Blanager
Publication Offlcc . . . . • • • <3^^^^^ > ' " * * f ' * ** * * * Third and Market Streets, S. P.
WEDNESDAY.... ......... ./?...; .......;. ;.. .....:.. .APRIL 20, 1904
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESTRENTON. N. J., April 19. — Vice
li'hancellor Pitney to-day appointed
Vharles C. Slack of Jersey City re
ceiver of the Globe Securities Com
pany of New York. The company dealt
in bonds and securities. Henry L.
the complainant, places the
company's liabilities at $96 8,800 and
nsets at $512,000.
Appo: .:s Black Receiver.
Yesterday in the land i.aud hearing
was devoted to completing ttie exam
ination of Defendant Henry P. Di
mond and the beginning of the cross
examination. Many letters that passed
between the witness and his co
defendants and former clients, Fred
A. Hyde and John A. Benson, were
added to those introduced In evidence
on Mondav, but they merely confirmed
the points already made as to Hyde,
and proved nothing as to Benson. Di
mond's attorney, Charles S. Wheeler,
had him repeat in every possible form
his declarations that he had no part
or knowledge in the alleged conspir
acy, and then turned him over to the
later date. His explanation was that
when he left Hyde's office his rubber
name stamp was left behind, and that
this had been used by the office boy in
putting his name on the letters in ques
tion. This had been the practice in the
office for his routine letters to the* land
office while he was still acting as Hyde's
attorney, and it had been kept up after
ward, the office boy having used "Di
mond's name stamp for all the letters
on a list given him by Hyde.
BENSON'S BATHROOM.
Two letters only from the Benson-
Dimond correspondence relating to the
SanFranclsco mountains reserve were
introduced, and then- Heney admitted
that the Government did not contend
that this transaction was criminal.
Having offered the Government the
use of the whole mass of Benson let
ters Wheeler therefore dropped this line
after straightening out the bathroom
incident. Dimond told how* he had
called on Benson at the WHlard Hotel
in Washington on the occasion of the
latter's visit In May, 1902. - The Ari
zona business was the only matter dis
cussed, and after luncheon they had
gone upstairs to Benson's room to look
for a draft of a contract the "scripper"
expected to close with the Seligmans In
New York. While Benson was search-
Ing through his bag for the paper a
light knock was heard on the door.
Benson apologized and asked the wit
ness to step Into the bathroom for an
Instant. This done the door was
closed for a minute or vo and then
opened again. Then Benson had got
rid of Dlmond by promising to bring
the contract " down to Dlmond's office.
The witness had not seen Woodford D.
Harlan, of the* General Land Office, in
the. room or ever met him elsewhere
while in Washington.
"Who did you think It was that
knocked at Benson's door ?"> asked
Whe"eler.
''A woman," Dimond answered, while
the spectators, including Benson him
self, laughed.
On cross-examination Heney took the
witness back to, his first consultation
with an attorney after he learned of
his indictment. He had gone at once,
he said, to his friend Wheeler, who
agreed to appear for hlm.^ At Wheel
er's request he had gone to Hyde's of
fice for the docket of selections with
which Hyde had furnished: him when
he went to Washington. Only ten' or
fifteen minutes had been spent there,
but Hyde had expressed his surprise
at Dlmond's Indictment, saying, ".They
might just as well have Indicted my.
clerks as you."
. "Were you not in Hyde's office for
an hour and ; ten minutes?": Heney
queried.^
"No. We were not on good terms and
I got away as quickly as possible."
WHY DIMOND LEFT HYDE.
"You. had ( a , misunderstanding vwith
him regarding your pay, did '¦ you not *.'-.
"Yes," but that, was not the, reason
for rriy leaving • his office, j. Before' I left
Washington - In' February, 1903, . I had
arranged with ¦ Britton . & ; Gray to rep
resent them here, and I- told ; Hyde
that I could no -longer, act for him," nor
would Britton & Gray, unless he should
carry out our suggestions. : I also told
him; that I ; should v askj $500 L :a month If
I -'acted -further as his attorney." ,
."Just ; why did you decide to" act ; for
him no ; longer." : , " ) :''-¦¦ Z^'. : ;;.;?;^A^ '¦¦
"Because of the : admissions : he v had
made - In his letter : to me dated •! Jan"
uary;16.";;;:, .
: ' McEnerney objected . to this line of
/Dimond had severed his connection
with : Hyde on/ February ; 28, • 1903. This
made It necessary to explain the large'
number of letters from him"; in 'posses
sion of, the. land office relating; to, the
Hyde-Benson selections ami bearing a
Wheeler then put in a letter from
Jeremiah Collins, the Washington land
agent, and Dlmond's reply to the
same, both dated in March, 1903, after
Dimond had ceased to act as Hyde's
attorney. Collins wrote complaining
that Hyde, had failed to do anything
to meet the charges of the land of
fice or to clear up the clouded titles
to the lands he had sold as bases for
lieu selections. Dimond answered that
he had tried in vain to get his for
mer client to do more than had been
done; that Hyde declared Elizabeth
Dlmond. in whose name many of the
base lands stood, was not a fictitious
person, but a servant in the Morris
home at Oakland, and that the writer
himself believed that JoostH. Schnei
der, on whose statement the Interior
Department 4 was supposed to have act
ed In suspending the Hyde-Benson se
lections, could not be trusted, as he
was apparently after money. Dimond
also said that if Hyde would persist
Id tils search he would probably be
able to find 90 per cent of the persons
who had located his school, lands and
get affidavits from them that would
be of great assistance In clearing up
the tangle caused by the , suspension
order. ¦
Then came a letter the witness had
written to BHiton & Gray, Hyde's for
mer attorneys at Washington, relating
to t% efforts to get Hyde to . perfect
his titles. Dimond wrote that Hyde
had refused to accept these sugges
tions, in which all • the lawyers had
united,' adding: "His reply was that
he was going to handle the matter to
suit himself, and he intimated that he
wanted no suggestions from any one as
to" what course he should pursue."..
On the opening of court Wheeler told
Commissioner Heacock that a por
tion of the Hyde-Dimond correspond
ence In his poshses«lon had been en
trusted to him by Hyde, and that for
this reason he had not felt at liberty
to comply with an order from the Com
missioner which Heney had brought
him on Monday evening. This order
directed that Heney be permitted to
inspect all the Hyde-Dimond letters
in Wheeler's hands; but for the rea
son stated, Dimond's attorney said,
he would not show letters received
from Hyde unless the Commissioner
should specially order it.
"We contend that the Commissioner
had n'o right to make such an order
at all, and we want the letters return
ed to us," said " Bert Schlesinger of
Hyde's counsel, and Garret W. ( Mc-
Enerney, representing the same cli
ent, added that Hyde was negligerit
in permitting the letters to leave his
hands.
"I shall ask your Honor," Heney
said, "to make an order now directing
Mr. Wheeler to retain possession of
these letters. The Government can
not compel Hyde to testify against
himself, and therefore we are en
titled to such an order at this time."
The order was granted*v
THE BRKAK WITH HYDE.
Government's special counsel, Francis
J. Heney. The cross-examination was
hardly well started when the hour for
adjournment arrived, and it may con
tinue for several days. So far as -it
went, Heney did not succeed in shak
ing Dlmond's direct testimony in any
particular.
Have l&u Dined at the Red Lion?
Table, service and wines defy compe
tition. Entrances, Pine st. and through
Mills building. •
examination, applying to his 'client
Hyde, but the Commissioner sustained
Heney's argument that McEnerney had
opened the door for it by failing to
object to Wheeler's general examina
tion of the witness. Then Dlmond re
peated the'story of his visit at Hyde's
request to Tucson and his interview
with J. H. Schneider after the latter
had given the Government a statement
charging his former employer with
fraud in j using fictitious names in the
manufacture of land titles. Dlmond
added nothing new to his testimony of
Monday, and refused to admit that
Schneider had told him of any other
illegal transactions in Hyde's office. ;
The examination will continue at 10:30*
o'clock -this morning.
SCENE IN UNITED STATES COMMISSIONER HEACOCK'S COURT ROOM YESTERDAY, SHOWING ATTORNEY CHARLES S.
WHEELER, REPRESENTING HENRY P. DIMOND. ONE OF THE DEFENDANTS IN THE LAND FRAUDS CASE, AD
DRESSING THE COURT ON THE SUBJECT OF THE HYDE-DIMOND CORRESPONDENCE.
Emma F. Merritt, as executrix of
the estate of her father, the late
Adolph Sutro, yesterday filed a suit
for $3000 damages against the Spring
Valley Water Works, claiming that she
has been damaged to that extent by
the building,' by the defendant,' of an
aqueduct through the Sutro forest.
She also asks for an injunction re
straining the defendant from proceed
ing with the work. V^g.
Suesj Spring 'Valley - Company.
Millers, the missing son of the late
Charles Millers of Brooklyn, an heir
to 5100,000. • Four years ago Millers
was traced to San Francisco, where he
was found to have lived for a time in
the Salvation Army barracks on Clay
street. From San Francisco Millers
was traced to Paso Hob!es, Cal., and
then back to Chicago, where all trace
of him was lost. The Chicago city di
rectory contains the names of eighteen
George William Millers.
Trace George Millers From Salvation
Army Barracks In San Francisco
to Oiicasro.
CHICAGO, April IS. — The local po
lice are searching for George William
POLICE ARE SEARCHING
FOR HEIR TO FORTUNE
To witness the celebration of the com
pletion of the Modesto-Turlock Irriga
tion Systems at Modesto, on April 22 and
23,1904. Half-fare round-trip tickets
will be sold, good until Wednesday, April
27. A delightful trip at this time of the
TO SUNNY STANISLAUS
The Memorial Hall ceremonies occur
!<<! late this afternoon. Addresses
were made by Mrs. C. W. Fairbanks,
the president-general, and by the sur
viving founders of the organization.
Revolution, in congress assembled in
the city of Washington, D. C. April 18,
!?04. representing more than 40.000 pat
riotic women of the nited States,
whose revered ancestors fought and
died to create this nation, most earn
tstly protest against the continuance
of an apostle of the Mormon church
in an official position in the United
States, as by reason of his position in
this church he ghould be disqualified
from holding a seat in any legislative
body of our country."
Copies of the resolution will be sent
t<> the Senate Committee on Privileges
and Elections.
'"Whereas, An apostle of the Mormon
< hurch is responsible for the teachings
of that organization,
"We, the Daughters of the American
fice of United States Senator Smoot
of Utah, and the defeat of two pro
posed constitutional amendments to
n-iegate local controversies to interme
diary boards, were to-day's features of
the Congress of the Daughters of th<»
Air.erican Revolution. The following
resolution, offered by Mrs. William S.
Little of Rochester. N. Y.. State regent,
was adopted by a standing vote, only
cr.e delegate, Mrs. Ida Husted Harper
of California, dissenting:
. ¦Whereas. The Mormon church
tir-aches and many of its leaders de
f.antly practice polygamy, which is a
crime agrainst the Government of the
Vjiited States and tends to the degra
dation of women, the destruction of the
home, which Is the bulwark of the na
tion's safety, and the jeopardy of our
sacred institution, and
WASHINGTON, April 19.— The lay
ing of the cornerstone of the Memor
ial Continental Hall In this city, a
I rotest against the continuance' In of-
Thus far wireless telegraphy has not
figured in International affairs and, no
conventions covering its use have been
considered. It is believed that, sooner
or later, the subject will be taken up
by diplomatists with a view to report
ing an international agreement upon it.
The discussion to-day was tentative in
a measure and no definite decision -was
reached. It Is likely, however, that in
the near future some action will be
taken that will provide "for a proper
Government supervision of the wire
less system of telegraphy.
WASHINGTON, April 19.— The most
important matter considered at the
Cabinet meeting to-day Vaa that look
ing to the control * by the Gov
ernment of wireless telegraphy. The
subject was broached by Secretary
Hay iriV connection * with the com
munication received recently by this
Government from Russia. The dis
cussion finally drifted to the ex
pression of the opinion that it would
be desirable, If not, indeed, absolutely
necessary for this Government to con
trol, at least in a supervisory way, the
operation of wireless telegraphy, par
ticularly along the coast. Stations for
the receipt, of wireless messages are
springing ui>_ at] various places along
both the Atlantic and Pacific coasts.
It was pointed out that, in the event
of a war with a foreign nation, it
might be necessary in defense of the
nation for officers of the United States
to have charge of these stations, as a
means, of assurance to the Government
that no communication was* established,
with vessels of an enemy's fleet and
that the system was' not employed to
the detriment of United States inter
ests. . ¦ \ '/'%'C's
Statesmen Agree Im
portant Issue Is Kaised
in Use of New Telegraphy
POLYGAMY CONDEMNED'
Teaching of Latter Day
"Saints Are Denounced as
Crime Against Government
NO DECISION EEACHED
Cabinet Considers Question
of Wireless Message as Ap
plied in the Eastern War
Witness Tells of Break With H1s;iC^i^fen|an^ K F. Av^HyHe,fand
'Produces More Letters That -Passed Between Himself and His
Former Client-— Also Explains the Benson Bathroom Incident
Daughters GtAmeriean Kev
olution Adopt Resolutions
Containing Strong Trotcst
RUSSIA'S PLAINT
IS DISCUSSED
DISLIKE CREED
OF MORMONS
HENEY BEGINS CROSS-EXAMINATION
OF DIMOND REGARDING LAND FRAUDS
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALt, WEDNESDAY, -APRIL ¦ 20,- ,1904.
9
_¦_¦_: - AMTJSEMEJJTl
VAUDEVILLE SPELLBINDERS
Wilfred Clarke and Company; Ethel !••-
vey (Mrs. Oeorsre M. Cohan) ; Tony WU-
1 son and Heloise; Mile. Amoroi, assisted
| by Mil*. Charlotte; 4 Mortons; E dm and
Say and Company; ElUs-zrowlan Trio;
71o Adler and Orphenm Motion | Pic-
tures, ahoTTins; a complete reproduc-
tion ot the -
OPERA OF "FAUST."
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, 23c
and 50c. ¦
COLUMBIA irs
"Always Leave Them Laughing "When
You Go." ¦
THE >^|l ' InGeo. M.
,^^>^ V^,. Cohan's Mu-
"f*^^ 8lcal Comedy,
rO>:# F0R
y >° ..office,.
This Week and Next Week.
Every Night. Matinee Saturday.
CALIFORNIA
jfit . ——TO-NIGHT—— "3&X
I B . .America's Greatest Actre»s, - «
¦ ROSE OOCa-HTj.AN' i
H In Her Latest and Best Success f-i
| THE OfiEATEST THIJfi IN THE WORLD I
M A Superb Cast. Magnificent Gowns, m
fk BXTEA-HEST BUND AT If
m Sam S. Bhubert and Nixon St Ziramsr- a
3 man present their. Musical Comedy m
M Novelty. M
¦ — —A dXKIt PEOM DIXIE— — B
H By Harry B. Smith, author of "Robin ¦
m Hood." The Orlsinal New York Madl- I
H son Square Theater Co. 60 Singing gf
¦ Artists — 60. Bis Beauty Chorus — 1« ¦
¦ , Stunning Show . Girls — Great Double fi
Mnle Quartet. ' B
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY .
2— WEEKS ONIiY—3
-TO-NIGHT— AXI. THIS WEEK
KOLB AND DILL
-BARNEY BERNARD
WINFIELD BLAKE
4 . MAUDE AMBER '
HOPE AND EMERSON
;.¦— in— .._._ ¦;, --
HOITY-TOITY
NEXT WEEK— FIDDLE-DEE-DEE. WH1RL-
I-GIG. and BIG. LITTLE PRINCESS
PRICES— 15c, 25c, 50c. 75c.
MAJESTIC THEATER
Phone South 452.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
MAT. SAT.' at 2:15. : £'yt
| ISABEL IRVING
In Winston Churchill's Great : Play.
CRISIS"
Box Office open 10 a, m. to 10 p. m.
ALHAMBMTHEAirER.
JONES AND EDDY STS. '
TO-MORROW AND FRIDAY EVENINGS.
Gorgeous and Spectacular Production - of
(SHAFTER HOWARD and W. H. CLIFFORD)
' - Two- Act. Musical' Comedy,. * ."
His Royal Nibs
1 GRAND CHORUS OF 70 PEOPLE.
.ORCHESTA OF 20 PIECES.
For the Be/iefitof the
: CALIFORNIA WOMEN'S j HOSPITAL
Reservations and Tickets on Sale at* Sherman
, & Clay's Music Store, Kearny and Sutter sts.
.. >¦: \-r, • • PRICES— 80c to $2. -¦-.-¦- j
Racing I^^^^Racin]!-
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA ' JOCKS Y CLUB,
' Racing Each Week Da- Rain, or Shine. -
Six or More Races Daily.
'llaces commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
• For special trains stopping at the track take
6. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12, I2:3o.
1 :00. '< 1 :30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking in last two
cars, which : art reserved for ; ladles ; and their
escorts. --".'.:¦_. ¦ ¦ , .
: " Returning : trains •-- leave > track at * : 10 and
4:45 and immediately -after the -last race..
. - THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, Presideab ¦
.: PERCY -W.. TREAT. Secretary. >;" :
Weekly Call $1 per ¥eai<
? AJIXJFEIitENTS.
I I V UJLI HOUSE.
ONI*T MATINEB 8ATURDAT
LAST FIVE NIGHTS
I Ht GENUINE
HCRRAR comic opera
ULUUAH WITH A CAST
STUDENT IK ft T NSINC
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES— 23c. 50o. 75c.
Box and Mezzanine Seats, $1.00.
Monday Next— For One Week Only*— WHEN
JOHNNT COMES MARCHING HOME.
ALCAZAR^—r
' . . General Manager.
-,'!,_; \ TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT AND SUN.,
, FIRST STOck PRODUCTION.
The frisky
Mrs. Johnson
CLYDE FITCH'S BRILLIANT COMEDT..
"Was cleverly presented." — Chronicle.
Etc;., 25c to 75c; Mats. Sat. & Sun., 25c to 50c.
NEXT MONDAT. Tho Famous Comedy.
400th week of the THE VEW Tl AU r V
ALCAZAR STOCK CO. 1PC flEW H'UBfli
Market Street. Near Eighth.. Phon.. South S33
* TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK
MATINEES 8ATURDAT AND SUNDAT.
The Greatest of All Naval Dramas
The White Squadron
Mammoth Production! Magnificent Scenery!
Gorgeous Costumes!
ISO-PEOPLE IN CAST— 160
Brilliant Spectacle of tha Congress ot tho
Navies!
Sailers of All Nations!
"• Uncle Sam's Matchless Jack Tars!!
PPIfFS Evenlnsa lOc to 50o
rlilV'CD Matinees , ..10c. 15c. 23a
Next— THE STILL ALARM. /
• TELL [ABOUT
THEM I IT!
| CHOW CHOW. • "1
• HAS MADE A HIT!
A CYCLONE OF FUN!
A MOUNTAIN OF SPECIALTIE3!
TWENTY NEW BONO SUCCESSES!
SAME POPULAR PRICES'!
RESERVED SEATS— Nights, 25c, 60c and
76c; Saturday and Sunday Matinees, 23c and
60c; Children at Matinees, 10c and 25c.
Thursday,- April 28 — GRAND THEATER
PARTY OF THB ANCIENT ORDER OF
FORESTBH3.
A GREAT SHOW
Every Alteraoon and SrcataaT la til*
Theater.
TARES A RIDS ON THB
MINIATURE ELECTRIC RAILROAD
Esmeralda and Her BABY MONKEY In U»
" Zoo.
VI8IT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAT.
Admission, 10c; Children, 6c.
"When Phonlns Ask for "Tha Chutes."
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL
At RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison streets.
Oakland vs. Tocoma
WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY and FRIDAY,
a- ¦ • • - 3:30 p.- m.
v SATURDAY. 3:00 p. m.
SUNDAY. 2:3O p. m.
LADIES' DAYS— THURSDAY and -FRIDAY.
Advance gale of seats at & Stockton st.
BAJA CALIFORNiA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. lNVIUOftA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonio tor the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
' The ¦ Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th«
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER.: ALFS *: BRUNE. i Acents.
•23 Market' st.. S. F. — {Send for Circulars.)
fw FAVOR 3 T£
gpWJyBEAK WOWEW.
f* T% TTnTTp O FOR BARBERS. Ba-
KKIISHliS Frs - bootblacks, oats
UllUUlllJU bouses, bimardtnb)**."
brewers. . bookbinders, candy makers. cann.-».
I dyers. Hour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
I hanters. printers, painters. «hoe faetorlc*.
stablemen. I tar-roofers. tanner» # tailors, etc
; BX7CKAKAH BB0S4
[ Bni»h Munxif actuxers, 609 Sacr*a«to St
every table
; (with rare exception)
at Harvard
anji Yale
csffies
V.
Qrape=Nuts
"There's a Reason," experience proves.
* 1st. This food is toothsome and delicious.
2nd. It is wonderfully easy of digestion, the starchy part having been
predigested in the process of manufacture.
3rd. Predigested Grape-Nuts supplies body with the carbo-hydrates in
such form that the blood quickly assimilates and deposits these elements
in the tissues all over the body, there to lie dormant until exertion releases
the kinetic energy.
• That energy i£ there "tf Grape Nuts has been the food.
4tb. This food contains delicate particles of Phosphate of Potash ob-
tained in natural form from field Brains.
This dement, thus highly trituated by Mother Nature, has an affinity
for and will unite with albumen and water in the human bodv.
This combination produces the soft gray matter, filling the Brain and
Nerve Cells all over the body. That keeps the
Thinker Healthy.
Yale and Harvard men know these things and they*are a "husky lot,"
both mentally and physically.
"There's a Reason" for
GRAPE=NUTS.
Get the little book, "The Road to .Wellvillc." in each package.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTa
BOSTON'S BARBER BSOT/XlATIONS.
Board of Health Orders Sterilization of
All That Barbers Use on Customers.
A special dispatch fro'm Boston, May
6. 1900, to the N. Y. Sun gives new regu-
lations of the Boston Board of Health as
to barber shops: "Mugs, shaving brush-
es and razors shall be_ sterilized after
each soperate use thereof. A separate
clean towel "shall be used for each per-
son. Material to stop the flow of blood
shall be used only in powdered form, and
applied on a towel. Powder puffs are pro-
hibited." Wherever Newbro's "Herpi-
cide" is used for face or scalp .after
shaving or hair cutting, there is no dan-
ger of infection, as it is antiseptic, and
kills the dandruff germ. Sold by leading
druggists. Send 10c in stamps for sample
to The Herpicide Co., Detroit, Mich.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the ynfr ?. ¦ S/tffcZ^~
Signature of (^/*'-JwcUcJt4te
HOTELS AND 1 RESORTS.
(New)HOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE
REMODELED AND REBUILT - at expense
of $26O.OUO — New Management — ENTIRELY
FIREPROOF. . . ¦ •-¦•
• v LOCATION — Very aeceasible to street car
lines, theaters, etc EUROPEAN PLAN. ,-¦
223 ROOMS . with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several private • rooms in antique ¦, decorations,
Turkish Baths In Hotel. *>.-¦¦: ¦ -: ? -:¦
UNSURPASSED " RESTAURANT, De Stei.
ger.- Chef, t ormerljr- of ,: Waldorf-Astoria . and
Chef u-> Prince/ of Wales. •; . ., , > ,-•-,
HOTEfr - ORCHESTRA: Telephone Connec-
tions in every room; long distance connections
made with anypart of. the coaet. ..- 7
Wire for reservations, ? at our expense. ' / ;
¦ HOTEL BUTLER.^Seattle. Wash. .
-¦ >¦--- - •¦• '¦-' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦-¦
DolorA DONT FAIL TO
lalatW .ic the beautiful
%l : :'* ':'.-¦ ; : COURT Loungin|
5H1I1 room, tht EMPIRE
U PALLOR, the
! v * J ;'¦ PALM ROOM,? th«
ITr^lflu LOUIS 'XVsPARi
| M***™ LOR, tmttdth^LA^
D . 1 1 DIES'. ;WRITIN0
Hotels 1 #q^
'y . . .' TAHITI'S CELEBYCOMPOOTD.
BRACED— INVIGORATED— CURE&
BY -PAIiyFS CELERY COM POUND
The Most I Marvelous Kecord of Any "No Other Remedy in the World Is Hie It
' Medical Discovery— Its Wonderful —Not a Patent Medicine, bnt the Most
,- Merit Becocnized and Acknowl- Famous Pormnla Ever Evolved
edffed by Every School by Medical Science — Gives Al-
', of Medicine. . most 1 Instant Effect.
Sec How Much Better You Feel!— Try Just One Day of the Hearty,
Bracing- Health that Thousands Upon Thousands Are Get-"'
' tingf from the Celebrated Nerve Vitalizer and Tonic
V . By Miss BEATRICE DASI.rNOTOJ7.
"Last spring I was very much run have, and it Is only very seldom now
down, and, so weak that the slightest ex- that I really feel tired. - I sleep and eat
ertion exhausted me so that I would well and my health is excellent." — Miss
have to sit down and wait until I could Beatrice Darlington. 36- Washington
catch my breath and for my heart to Square, New York, Jan. 5, 1904.
stop fluttering. . • , -¦ ¦ .
"I was a Darticularlv heartv nrtivft To-day Mies Darlington is well and
girl, bufmy health leYJ Le^udSnly'lnd fi I ? 1 fc I gS r i??fi?& *»«'«»?»«»«»»
I began to grow weaker. I used to think ?? F i42|fiSt* t 1 ° l£ e e ?®' Her run down '
that if I grew so weak in ouch a short tlred feelln S is gone forever. ,
time it would only be a little time longer She is buoyant with health and vital-
bef ore I would be on my bed, perhaps ity. ; For . Paine's Celery Compound has
dying. ; ¦..;-.,.> , given to her the same vital strength and
"I remember the day I took my first che ery health that it -gives to every tired
dose of Paine's Celery Compound. While man and . woman who relies upon it.
visiting a friend's house I had a weak ««'«., ...,,,,.-.,.
spell. The medicine did me so much good . — ¦ »¦•-•¦ ••%•••••
that on my way home I bought a bottle. ( BZS WELL THIS SPHXHO. t
The relief was great. ' "EnenrT. Oonndence and Health — T
I decided I would keep on taking lit- _«__••,, „??... nr _«^» M ..,. M -i
tie doses regularly until my system was ' "^ply matters of rood vital NESTE,
built up, and I did so for three or four ' Porce." ?
months. Occasionally I take a dose of J —Prof. Edward E. Ptaelps, M. D., 11
Paine's Celery Compound now when the J LL.D., of Dartmouth University — <
Strain has been a little too much for me. * namous Discoverer of Paine's Celery"
"But I never feel the awful smother- f ¦ Compound. . - <>
ing and heart-fluttering that I used to — — -» • • m • •••••••••••• •••*••
Go to your Druggist TO-DAY—
; Get one bottle of Paine's Celery
Compound-See how DIFFERENT
it u ill make you feel.NEW ,YORK. April 19.— General Charln
Miller was elected president of the American
Steel Foundries Company to-day at a meeting of
the directors held in this city.
FAIL TO RETURN BICYCLES.— W. E.
Lee. 602 Stanyan street, reported to the>
police yesterday that on Monday a man giving
the name of L. Larsen, 20C9 Mission street. 4
and two boys giving the names of. George, and -
James Dunning. 857 Geary street, rented a
bicycle each. They failed to return with the
machines and Lee suspects they never intend
ed doing so.
BOSTON, April 19. — Michael Spring
of the Pastime Athletic Club of New
York won the Marathon road race of
twenty- five miles to-day, covering the
distance in 2 hours C8 minutes 4 2-5
seconds, the second fastest time since
the race was inaugurated and 9 min
utes behind the record,, which was
made in 1901 by J. J. Caffrey of Ham
ilton, Ontario. T. J. Hicks of Cam
bridge vjas second, his time $being
2:39:34 1-5. and E. F. Cook of South
Boston third, in 2:42:35. The race
was viewed at different points along
the route from Ashland to this city
by 100,000 persons. -•V'^
Marathon Race Won by Spring.
BURGLARS ARE CONVICTED.— Prank
Drew was convicted by a jury In Juds»
Dunne's court yesterday on two charges of
burglary for breaking Into the rooms of Wal
ter G. Lorlng and H. Wooater, at 219A Mason
street. Henry Hamilton was convicted by a.
Jury in Judge Lawlor's court on a charge of
attempts to commit burglary In the rooms of
Miss Annie Gray. 112 Taylor street. He was
jointly charged with Thomas Murphy, who
was tried and convicted last week. They will
be sentenced on Saturday.
The cardinal will.be represented by
Miss Mabel C. Ray, *05, of Long Beach;
Miss Elise D. Owen, '07, of Stockton,
and Miss Georgia D. Pitman. '05. of
Palo Alto. Miss Ray and Miss Owen
will play in the singles and Miss Ray
and Miss Pitman will compose the
doubles team. Miss Ray. the Stanford
champion, will meet Miss Potcllffe,
the Berkeley champion, in the singles,
while Miss Owen will play Miss Ed
wards of Berkeley. The California
doubles team is composed of Miss Ed
wards and Miss Wickson. Last year
the women's tennis tournament was
won by Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April
1JL— The intercollegiate tennis tourna
ment between the women tennis play
ers" of Stanford and California will be
held on the California Club courts, San
Francisco, beginning at 2 o'clock to
morrow afternoon.
Fair Representatives of Stanford Uni
, versity and University of Cali
fornia Meet To- Day.
WOMEN"; TEXXIS PLAYERS -, : \\
IX THKIIl ANNUAL MATCH
Nelson and Canole 31atched.
"Battling" Nelson, who defeated
Spider "Welch recently at Salt Lake,
has been matched to fight Martin
Canole in this city on May 20 before
the San Francisco Athletic dub. Alex
Greggains sent the boxers their trans
portation to this city yesterday. Nel
son will reach here on Saturday. Canole
will be here in ten days and will train
at Sheehan's. Nelson may train at
Alameda. • »"»
The baseball game scheduled to
take place at the Oakland grounds
yesterday afternoon between the Oak
land and Tacoma teams was called oft
on account' of the wet grounds. The
two teams will meet this afternoon at
Recreation Park.
Xo Game at Oakland.
Stolen base^ — Smith. . Errors — Raymond.
Jones. Two-base hit — Ross. Sacrifice hits —
Flood Smith, Baum. First base on errors-
Los Angeles 1, San Francisco 1.- Left on
bases — Loa Angeles 8. San Francisco 6. Bases
on balls — Off Baum 3. off Jones 1. Struck out
— By Baum 2. by Jones 3. Double play — Kos»
to Chase. Time of game — 1:20. Umpire-
Huston. •
SUMMARY
; Totals 30 3 6 27 12! Totals 30 0 4 24 13
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 2 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 x— S
Ba*e hits 1 0 1 O 0 2 1 1 i-«
San Francisco 0 0000000 »— O
Base hits 1 0 2 0 O 1 0 O O—4
LOS ANGELES, April 13.— Youns
Baum was in, fine form to-day and
shut the San Franciscos out without a
run and with only ' four hits. Jones
pitched good ball, but his bad throw*
ing gave the champions two runs in
the first inning. Both teams fielded
well. A cold wind blew from the
southwest. The attendance was small.
Score:
Lob Angeles — f San Francisco—
AB.R.H. P. A. AB.R.H. T. A.
Bernrd.cf 4 113 OjWaldn.cf 4 0 11 0
Flood,2b. 4 112 1 Hildbd.lf 3 0 2 1 0
Smith.3b. 3 113 3|Meany.rf 3 0 0 10
Cravth,rf 4 0 12 01rwln,Cb. 4 0 0 11
Ross.lf.. 4 0 14 .jlMaMsy.lb 4 0 O 14 r
Chase, lb. 4 0 0 8 OlLeahy.c. 3 0 0 3 1
Raymd.s. 2 0 O.I 4 Andsn.2b 3 O O 3 O
Spies.c... 3 0 13 l.MIller.B.. .1 0 0 0 I
Baum.p.. 2 0 0 0 2Jones,p.. 3 0 10 9
Washington 0 5 0
Batteries — Winter and Doran; >DunkIe and
Drill.
Boston won the afternoon game by bunching
hits in the first and third Innings. Both
pitchers were wild at times. Attendance 18,000.
T*oston ............ •«•».......... 3 8 1
Washington '2 6 0
Batteries — Young and Criger; Patten and
Klttrldce. . j
R H V
Philadelphia 4* 11 3
New York 5 0 .1
¦ Batteries — Plank and Powers; Hughes and
McGuire.
BOSTON. April 19.— Boston blanked Wash
ington for a second time In a pitchers' battle
this forenoon. The victors, however, secured
only one tally and that was in the fourth
inning on Dougherty's single, Collins' sacrifice
and Stahl's drive to right. Attendance, 8200.
Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 1 A . 1
. NEW YORK, April 19. — The New York Club
won the second game of the series from Phil
adelphia to-day. Although outbatted poor
fielding by the visitors enabled the home team
to win.v Conroy's batting was a feature. At
tendance. 300. Score:
Chicago 1 4 2
Detroit 6 7 0
Batteries — Owen and Sullivan: Donovan and
Buelow.
CHICAGO. April 19.— With the temperature
hovering around the freezing point Detroit won
to-day's game by bunching hits with Chicago's
errors. O'Leary's fielding was the only bright
spot of the game. Attendance^ 1000. Score:
R. H. E.
ST. LOUIS; April 19.— By timely hitting the
St. Louis Americans defeated Cleveland to-day
in a rather listless game by a score of 4 to -.
Cleveland found Sievers for ten hits, but were
unable to hit safely at critical times. At
tendance, 800. Score: ¦.
R. H. E.
St. Louis 4 10 1
Cleveland ". .• 2 10 0
Batteries — Sievers and .Kahoe; Rhoades and
Abbott.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Batteries— McPheraon «*d Dooin: McGln
nlty and Warner. Umpires, Zimmer and
Moran.
NEW YORK, April 19.— At Washington
Park to-day Brooklyn scored a second victory
over Boston in the opening series, after the
visitors apparently had a winning lead. At
tendance. 1000. Score :
n. h. e.
Eoston 4 9 ¦ i
Brooklyn 5 12 2
Batteries — Carney and Moran; Cronin and
Bersen. Umpire, Emslie.
ST. LOUIS, April 19.-^Pitcher Jack Taylor
defeated his former teammate*, the Chicago
Nationals, to-day. The St. Louis team played
fast ball and only for a home run by Jones
would probably have shut out the visitors.
Attendance, 1800. Score:
„ ' -¦¦¦¦)• • R. H. E.
St. Louis 9 10 0
Chicago 3 6 2
Batteries — Taylor and Byers; Lundgren and
Stanton. Umpire, O"Day.
CINCINNATI, April 19.— The fiercest bom
bardment given to any pitchers in the Na
tional League this season was suffered by
Phlllippi and Moran to-day. Phillippl retired
in the fourth inning 'after eight runs and six
hits had been made off his deliver}'. Moran,
who succeeded him, could not stop the "Cincln
natls. Attendance, 1900." Score: j
Cincinnati ....; 18 i»" 3
Plttsbunr .v.. .'...• 4 10 2
Batteries— Helium and Peitz; Phillippi, Mo
ran and Carlschj Umpire, Johnstone.
PHILADELPHIA, April 19. — New
York and Philadelphia played fifteen
innings to-day without result and the
game was finally called because of the
cold weather. The contest was a mas
terly exhibition, of pitching on the part
of McGinnity and McPherson, al
though they are not entitled to all the
credit. Splendid fielding when men
were on bases assisted in preventing
scoring. Attendance 1100. Score:
R. H. E.
Philadelphia 1 5 3
New. York 18 4
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Jones, Who Twirls for Uncle,
Is Effective, but His
Throwing to Bases Is Bad
Cincinnati Scores 18 Euns
in a Contest With Pitts
burg on Home Grounds
PITCHING IS EFFECTIVE
ALLOWS BUT FOUK HITS
Shuts Out the San Francisco
Team Cleverly on the
Diamond at Los Angeles
Philadelphia and New York
National League Teams
Play for Fifteen Innings
BIG GAME ENDS
IN TIE SCORE
BAUM OITCHES
MASTERLY BALL
Jack Johnson Is Favorite.
Jack.- Johnson has been made an 8
to 10 choice over; Sani McVey in their
fight,' on 'Friday,- night' in Mechanics'
Pavilion. The : big ; colored , boxers s, are
training, hard. '¦'•] 'Johnson'; is ;at*,West
Oakland*. while McVey. : is at Joe i Mil-'
lett's, near i Colma. ; Johnson : won h the
last time they, met; v . but McVey's
friends -claimed > he?was not 'at his best
and " ; he/ was"; not? satisfied • until he se
cured a return match* •
Game • Law .Violators ; Punished.
Justice of the Peace Edgar^'of Berke
ley has, fined -W.'Eldridge! $20 for, hav
ing striped bass in his possession. Jus
tice of the ; Peace . Provines of Healds
burg, has fined G.^Tawffer and J. Fop-'
pene Jr. } $20 : each ' for* catching ,' trout
with a net. Justice of the Peace Arm
strong . of Hopland j. has fined ' C. : Simp
son of . San Fraiicisco_ $25 * for killing a
tree squirrel: .'Justice of..; the. Peace
Lewis of 'Clovcrdale 'has finedjj.. John
son $25 for having-; deer hides in his
possession. ¦ , !-• .
ARRIVED.
•' Vi'* Tuesday, April .19.
SUnr Arto, Dunham, 33 hours from - Eel
River.
Stmr Elizabeth, Jensen. 47 hours from Ban
don. "JlJMTj.TM ml JJjM ' -
SAILED.
Tuesday, April 19.
. Stmr South Coast, Olcen. Caspar. .* ¦ ~"
Stmr San Pedro. Raamuasen. Kureka '
. DOMESTIC POnTS.
COOS BAY— Sailed Apr 19— Stmr Alliance.
henco'Apr 16, for Portland.
TATOOKH— PaiMscd inward Apr 19— Stmr
Ceonre lxioniis, hence Apr W, for •Seattle.;
m Pavned outward Apr 19— Br bark Sussex, for
Uuecnfetown. *
Late Shipping Intelligence,'
Mrs. Warner Temple, residing at 21
Taylor street, was knocked down by
a street car at the junction of Grant
avenue and Market street yesterday
afternoon. She was fortunate enough
to escape injury, but J. IL Lovejoy, a
printer, who was passing by in a'
buggy, was less fortunate. In trying
to save the woman he backed his ve
hicle before the car and a collision
followed. Lovejoy suffered a break
\n the left jjrm, but insisted in driv
ing Mrs. Temple to her home be£oj»
seeking the aid of a doctor. ~""* a
Injured in a Collision.
First Race— Facts, Algaretta, The
Lieutenant.
Second Race — Whoa Bill, Dr. Row
cll, Andrew B. Cook.
Third Race— Canejo, Heroan, ' Mr.
Dingle. * '/S N
Fotmh Race—Soothsayer, Gateway,
Veterano.
Fifth Race— Oscar Tolle, Suburban
Queen, Brennus.
Sixth Race — Byronerdale, Oro Viva,
Golden LfehU • ¦"; :>' ¦;;'¦
PROBABLE WINNERS.
. ¦;-. Moulton /will return • to otanf ord in
June" in order >that~he; may train any
of the cardinal athletes who may: go
to St. Louis toUake part in, the. Olym
pian games. It is expected that sev
eral of Stanford's j best men willVcom
pete'in the* Pacific Athletic Association
try-outs .; at ..Berkeley .: next ; Saturday
and undoubtedly fa> number of 7- them
will represent the Pacific Coast at St.
Louis.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. April
19.— Trainer v "Dad" Moulton of the
varsity track team .has been granted
a leave of absence by the executive
committee of the Associated 'Students
and will leave in » few days for Wil
lamette College/ Oregon, where he will
coach the athletes: of that institution
for a couple of months.
Trainer MouHon Goes Xortli.
CHICAGO, Aprif 211 — The wrestling
match between Jack Munroe and John
J. Rooney, the "Giant Gripman." was
declared off to-night because of the
small attendance.
Few Want to See Munroe Wrestle.
LONDON, April 19. — Elba won the
great Metropolitan stakes of 1000 sov
ereigns at the Epsom spring' meeting
to-day. Mark Time was second and
Lovat third. Thirteen horses ran.
Elba Wins at Epsom.
Dates Set for Lipton Cup Races.
SAN DIEGO, April 19. — The of
ficers of the Corinthian Yacht Club
have decided upon August 13, 15 and
16 as the dates for the races for the
challenge cup presented to the club
by Sir Thomas Lipton.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 19. — The
inaugural game of the baseball sea
son in this city, scheduled for to-day,
between Portland and Seattle teams,
has been postponed until to-fnorrow,
owing to the non-arrival of the Port
land team from San Francisco.
Inaugural Game Postponed.
PORTLAND, Or., April 19. — At
Whitman College, Walla Walla, Wash.,
the sophomore and freshman girls had
a hand-to-hand tussle upon the green
In front of the Memorial building' yes
terday at noon; and one sophomore
boy received a broken collar bone. The
fight was over the caps which the
freshman girls wore In defiance of the
sophomore h edict. .The fracas lasted
several minutes, and caused lots of
excitement among the outside stu
dents. At first three of the " '07" girls
downed one of the fair Amazons of
" '06," and when three sophomore girls
sprang to her aid. the tussle waxed
fierce. Scratching, j hair pulling and
even biting were J resorted to, and at
the closeof the' scuffle the lawn re
sembled a woman's; dressing-room.
• War between the boys of the two
classes has been raging all day for
the same cause. At 9:30 o'clock in
the morning, when the sophomores
were in class, the, freshmen arrayed
themselves in the long looked for caps.
They then marched down with their
blue headgear fronted by a large
" '0",". and taunted- the. sophomores by
walking in front of the windows. When
the class w'as out the sophomores held
a hasty meeting, and from then on
there were lively times at Whitman.
The freshmen, although : they out
number the sophomores, two to one,
have kept well bunched alh day, hard;
ly darins to venture across the . cam
pus in less than knots of four, or five.
Once in a while- a forgetful " '07"
would stray from the /protection of his
comrades, and them he would r be
pounced upon by several sophomores
and - a sharp tussle . would ensue. A
fierce' fight . between the 'two . classes
took place just before > noon, j in .which
Heber Ryan of the sophomore, class
got a collar bone broken and : shoulder
dislocated. Several - of \his . classmates
have prettv bad-looking faces as a re
sultJof being 'dragged; in; the cinders
upon the roadway^ in front' of the
building.^.. The sophomores captured
seven caps.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. Wash., April 19.— That an
other Klondike has been found in the
Alsek or Bullion Creek district; west
of White Horse, seems established be
yond a doubt bv details received to
day from White Horse. One of the re
cent phenomenally -. rich strikes was
made on No.. 45, below Discovery, on
Bullion Creek. A pay streak : . was
struck on bedrock, and it is three feet
deep. Those working the claim have
drifted in a crosscut, for twenty-seven
feet and are -still in the pay streak.
Its width is not yet known, but it myst
exceed thirty feet at least.
This great, body, of pay gravel,
through its entire, depth of three feet
and full width of twenty-seven feet,
is running from 20 to 80 cents per pan.
Similar rich results have been obtain
ed on every Bullion Creek claim where
bedrock has been reached. Bedrock on
Kirnberly and Fourth of July creeks is
proving rich, . though producing v less
gold than that of Bullion. Every town
in the Upper Yukon Valley Is repre
sented, in the crowd of "mushers" now
journeying to the Alsek district from
White Horse. Mounted police records
show that between > 900 and 1100 per
sons are in the district or en route
there, of whom about 100 are women.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Co-Eds at Whitman College
JMlow the Example Set by
Boys and Use Their Fists.
Developments in the Alsek
District Show a Wonderful
Pay Streak Along Bedrock
The California Association Football
Union will hold a smoker at Scottish
Hall, Larkin street, this evening. An
excellent programme of mirth and
song has been prepared and a large
attendance Is expected. The perform
ance begins at 8 o'clock. The mem
bers of the twelve clubs affiliated with
the California Association Football
Union will wear the colors of their
clubs.
Footballers to Hold Smoker.
GIRL STUDENTS
HATE BATTLE
NEW KLONDIKE
IS DISCOVERED
CHICAGO. April 19. — A special
gambling detail, organized for the pur
pose of stopping gambling at Washing
ton Park race course this summer, is
rumored, on good authority, to be
planned by Assistant Chief Scheuttler
as the crowning feature of his gam
bling crusade. Scheuttler admitted to
night that bookmaking would prob
ably be stopped at the track. "There
Is no reason to believe that we will
permit gambling at Washington Park,"
said the Assistant Chief, "when we
have stopped it elsewhere."
No Betting at Washington Park.
It was decided to have the degree of
past grand protector conferred on sev
eral members of local lodges In recog
nition of services rendered the order.
To-day there will be the election of
srand officers and it is likely that all
committees will report and that the
business will close with the afternoon
cession. *
In his report the grand protector re
views,, the work of the order dur
ing the year, and this is to th^ effect
that while the order has not made any
astounding gain during that time it
has, all things considered, made an
Increase in membership and a credit
able showing. He expresses regret that
the order In this State is denied finan
cial assistance by the supreme body
of the order to enable It to carry on
a campaign of propagation in line with
other organizations. With the means
*i Its command the order, by Judicious
management, had succeeded in adding
to the membership. He recommended
tjiat a law be enacted that only those
members that attend subordinate lodge
meetings be eligible to membership in
the Grand Lodge; that there be bien
nial instead of annual sessions, and
that the committee on the state of the
order be abolished.
Grand Secretary Quitzow in his re
pert* shows that the order in the
"United States,* which had a member
ship of only 49.S76 on the first of Janu
ary. WOI. had on the first of January of
this year Increased to 72,741. He con
gratulates Mrs. Dorrls Kaplan, Mrs.
Luton, Mrs. Phebe Dunzweiler and
State Organizer Emma Qultzow for
their energetic work in securing mem
ber* for the order during the year.
He reported the death since the pre
vious session of four of the oldest mem
bers of the Grand Lodge— H. K. Cum
mings. Dr. A- H. Cook, E. F. Aiken and
Abner Phelps.
Supreme Representative James P.*
Dockery presented his report of the
work of the supreme body at Its last
session and called attention to the fact
that the supreme body has decided to
erect a headquarters in Indianapolis
lo cost $60,000.
U. C. Traphagen. T. H. Berkey and
Phebe J. Dunzweiler were appointed a
committee on distribution, and to this
committee was referred the printed
documents. It was also decided that
this committee should take charge of
all documents. presented during the ses
sion.
J. A- Calquhon was appointed journal
clerk to assist Grand Secretary Qult
zow.
After the lodge had been formally
opened the Grand Lodge degree was
conferred on such as were entitled to
recei\-e the same since the previous
session of the grand body.
The Grand Lodge of the Knights and
Ladies of Honor opened in annual ses
sion yesterday in Pythian Castle, with
<irand Protector L,. G. Wolfe in the
< hair. All the grand officers -were pres
ent, as well as the representatives of
the several lodges in the State.
Supreme Ixxlge Is Blamed for Not
Lending Its Assistance to the Cali
fornia Jurisdiction.
KMGHTS AND LADIES
IV AXXUAX, SESSION*
First race, four furlongs, selling — Anlmos
¦won. Dotage second. The Doctress third. Time.
:4»«4-
Second race. *Ix furlongs — Tally Ho won, One-
More second. Lady Vaehtt third. Time, 1:15U.
Third race, one mile, nelllng — Charlie Thomp
son won. Irby Bennett second Bugle Horn
third. Time. 1:41';.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap — Frank
Bell won. MsJster second. Autumn Leaves
third. ,Time, 1:14»;.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, purse —
Dallas won. Luclan second, Debbie May third.
Time. 1:06%.
Sixth race, one mile • and seventy yards,
celling — Lord Haven wen. Lynch second. Rye
Vale third. Time, 1:47V*.
ST. LOUIS. April 19. — Fair Grounds sum
mary:
Racine at St. Loute,
Third race one mile— Orfeo won. Corus
cate second. Black Wolf third. Tlm«, 1:42»4.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, selling — Bob
McLean won. Marco second. Tom Crabb third.
Time. l:30Vt. /
Fifth race, steeplechase, short course, about
one and a quarter miles — Dr. Nowlln won, Fal*
ella second. Tartar third. Time, 2:48?i.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Easy Trade
won, Brooklyn second. Lady Lavish third.
Time. 1:44.
First race, four and a half furlongs, selling —
Dundall won. Woodclaim second. Lieutenant
Rice third. Time. :57'i.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling — Stella
Knipht won, I. Samuclson second, Henry of
Franetamar th'.rd. Time. 1:31>%.
Racine at Memphis. '
MEMPHIS. Tenn.. April 19.— Montgomery
Park summary:
QAKX.A.1TD BACETBAOZ— TUESDAY, April 19.— Weather showery/ Track muddy.
CC31. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first,' |325.
*^F* Horse and Owner. .. lWt St. U. }&. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. CK
»¥$\l « on 5 y Muss - 6 (E - Gaylord).. 104 1 ... 1 3^1 4 "l 5 15 W Duean7 1-2 2-5
fi,u? " e » dw «l«\ a (D. J. Carey).. 104 5 ... 5.5 4121 SInnott .... 20' 60
rro« JJi 0 ™ 5 <J - ;Ryan) '- " 3 •'• 2n 21 2n 3 3 Holbrook .. 20 20
fiiVi? S*'™,?^?' 6 (J - F." Schorr).. 102 4 ... 4 I>i4 1 3^45 Reed 6-2 9-2
p^in «, en<^ 1 Me * 6 (J - N - M ° unce >- 104 2 ... 3«4 3n 5 5 Knapp .... ' 20 25
6010 Steph. ti (Northern Stable)... 97 > Ran away ... ...... Adair ..... 15 20
Tlm ®— *=-'4»i. :40^. 1:09. At post 8 minutes. Off at 2:22. Money place, 1-6; -show, out.
Headwater, place. 20; show. 6. Dora, show . 7-10. Winner, ch. g. by The Hero-Little
Grove Queen. Trained by G. Burger. Scratched— Bell Reed. Scotsman. Murat. Molto,
° w f et Tooth. Glendenning. Start good. Won In a gallop. Next two driving. Winner
H8d the speed and race only a gallop for him. Headwater ran a very fair race under
moderate handling. Dora I tired. Olympian received a grotesque ride. Steph ran away
two miles. »Los Angeles index (6572). - V
O<*52. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs;' purse; maiden 2-year-olds; value to first, $325. •, • •
Indcx Horse and Owner. IWt St. };? */,.%. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6597 Cardinal Sarto (Summers Co.) Ill2 1 ... ... 2 1^2 3 1 1»J J. T Shehn 1 7-10
06.M Grenore (J. Davis) Ill 4 ... ,.. 1 3141 2 2 4 See' 6-2 4
6634 M. A. Powell (M. Jones) 109 2 4 3 3 2 3 n Otl* 8 12
«.ol9 Heredla (Clifford & Co.).... . 106 3 5 2 5144 Heavner .. 15 15.
fod-'S Sea Voyage (Mrs. Miller) 10S 5 3 n 4 *£ 5 h J. Jones .,20. .50
6.%!»7 Pearl Waters (O. F. Waters). 109 7 7 7 64 J I^ewis... '10 J.V
6597 Jocular (J. Touhey)..- :. lot) (i ... ... 6 14 t! % 7 9 Sobel .:.... 20 50
Tlm^~ :24? *- :50 %- At post 3*4 minutes. Off at 2:51. Sarto. place. 1-3; ehow. 1-10.
Grenore, place, 9-10; show, 2-6. Powell, show. 4-5. Winner, b. c. by Reggie-Tyrone.
Trained by -G. Summers. Scratched — Ding Dong, Ben Eric. Edna Sullivan, ' Dresden,
Cedarburg. Start fair. Won easily. Second easily. Third driving. Grenore began stop
ping near paddock when it looked as If he had the race won.- The Cardinal ran'gamely.
With a more vigorous ride M. A. Powell would have been hard to beat. Sea Voyage quit.
GO53. THIRD RACE — Six and a half furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325,
Index Horse and Owner. lWt St. li'. 14. %. Str. Fin." Jockey. Op. CK
CC38 Pierce J. 8 (H. Stover) Ill 1 111 1^1 3 1 3%1 4 See 6 5
6639 Rollick. 6 (M. Jones) Ill 4 D *£ 6 3^.3 n ' 3 % 2-2K Otis ...:.'... 8 X 8.
(6496) Optimo. 5 (R. W. Price) .'. 102 2 7 ft 1 3 ~7 8 7 10 3 >,4 McBride ... 6-2 13-5
6643 Pat Morrlssey. a (J. Ryan)..]lll 6 3 n 3 1»42 *i 2 n 4 2^4 Holbrook ..7 9
ti&JO Batidor. 4 (W. P. Fine) I 97 7 6«J6%62 52 On Wright 20 25
(66T,1) Alice Carey. 4 (Bottger & H.) 101 5 ,4 1144 n 5 4 4 16 5 Sherwood .. 3 4
6«J39 Modder. 6 (Buckholtz &.P.).. 105 3 /2 14 2 h 4 \t, 6 2 7 10 W. Dugan.. 8 11
(6616) Lou CUeveden. a (McDowell) 103 8 8 8 8 S *8 |J. Jones.... 20 25
Time— :24V4. :50',i, 1:16%; 1:23%; At post ly, minutes Off at 3:13>4. Pierce, place. U-5 - ;
show. 9-10. Rollick, place. 3; show. 3-2. Optimo, show, 1-2.' Winner, ch. h. by Prince
of Monaco-La Farondale. Trained by H. Stover. Scratched — Marello, \ Redwald,- Lady:
Rowell, Brennus. Start good. Won easily. Second easily. . Third driving. Winner-re
ceived good handling- and had all sorts of speed. ' Rollick ran well. —McBride on Op
timo made a fine mess of it. He got cut off early and came with a rush when too late.
Alice Carey* can do better. This is not her race. Modder quit. early thle day.: •• -
6654. FOURTH RACE— One mile and 70 yards; Belling; 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. Wt St. Ji . 14. *;: > Str. Tin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
(6G18) Possart 6 (J. E. Case)*. ...... 112 2 ! 1 n 2 1%2 2^22^1 n See ........ 9-5 3-2
6604 Boutonniere 4 (F. Jones) 105 3 2 1V41 ?* 1 Vj In 2 10 J. T. Shehn H 5 6
(6fi40) CaneJo. a (Kirk & Co) 102 1 6 1%6 l',45 14 V t 3 6.; Herbert ... 12 17
6604 Idogo. 5 (C. McCafferty) . 101 5 4 1 3 % 8 2^3 Vj 4 % Knapp .... 4 21-B.
6643 Petrolla 4 (D. McCarty) 99 7 6 V4 5 n. 6 2 6 4 5 1% J. Jones.... 12 18
6630 Mocorito a (J Ryan) 107 4 32 4 1%4 1%5 3 6 7 Holbrook ..1 « 13
6630 Billy Moore, a' (T. T. Rector) 101 6 7 7 7 . 7 7 * W t Dugan.f 5,8
Time— :25. • :5o", 1:16, l:43»i. 1:47»4. At post >4 minute. Oft at 3:34^4. Possart, place,
3-6; show, 1-3." Boutonniere. place, 2: show. 4-5. CaneJo. show. 5-2. .Winner, blk. h.
by Pontico-Mary W. Trained by J. E. Case. Scratched— Gold ' Finder. Illowaho, Mon
tana Peeress, Flaneur, Kitty Kelly. Start good. ..Won in a hard drive of two. Third
easily. Possart. In the worst going on the rail, was hard pressed to score.* . CaneJo raq
a fair race. Idogo quit. Mocorlto has gone back. Billy Moore couldn't. raise a gallop.
«M"». FIFTH RACE— Futurity course; handicap; 3-year-olds and up;, value to first'. $400.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. U. '4. ?i-'Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
(6619) Beau Ormonde, a (Mrs. Kripp) 113 2 ... 2 % 2 h In- 1 2 Knapp .... 3-2 11-5
6644 Celebrant. 3 (Hamilton Stable) 100 3 .:. 3 liil h 2 1 ~2 3 J. T. Shehn 6 8
6637 Hagerdon a (H. L Frank):.. 113 1 In 3n 3n 3 4% W. Dugan.. 7-2 4
(6637) Don Domo, 3 (J.. F. Newman) 106 4 ... 4 3',1-t « 4 4 J. Jones.... 11-5 2
6570 iDouble Six. 6 (Follansbee) . . 106 5 ... 5 ¦ 5 Pulled up Larsen:.... 7 12
Time — :24^4. :4914. 1:12'4. At post 4 minutes. Off at 4 :03i4. Ormonde, place, 4-5: show,
out. Celebrant, place. 5-2; show, 7-10. Hagerdon. show. out. Winner. ¦ ch. h. by Or
monde-MUs Brummell. Trained by A. Forbes. Start poor. Won easily. Balance driv
ing. Beau Ormonde raced Don Domo, Hagerdon and Celebrant into submission and then
won as he pleased. Hagerdon ran an impro\-ed race. Going did not cult Don Domo.
Double Six could not negotiate the footing.
RO56. SIXTH RACE— One mile and 50 yarda; selling; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. U- Vt- &. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6638 Heath. Honey. 4 (Leach & C.) 96 1 6 3 4^2 14 2 3 1 n J. Lewis... 6 12
6641 Hainault, 5 (Thomas & R.).. 110 3 1 2141 3 16 12 2 2% W. Dugan.. 6 5
6C20 Laocoon 3 (Mrs. Coffey) 94 2 3 1 2n 3 2^3 1 3 5 Knapp .... 3 16-5
46SS Hermencla. a (W. Cahlll) 97 8 7n 526*44146 Greenfield . 6 25
6608 Col. Ballantyne 6 (Ronaldsn) 106 58 8.7h6%5h McHannon 15 10
(6632) George Berry,3 (Bottger & H.) 94 6 B-n 6 1" 4 1 5n 6 5 J. Jones 2 5-2
(6C17) The Bugaboo. 3 (Epplnger).. 89 7 '4 14 7 1 B.n 73 7 % Herbert ... 5 8
B636 Harka. 3 (Wentworth & Lee) 99 4 2 n 3 h 8 ' ¦ 8 8 Holbrook .. 40 100
Time— :25. :50, 1:16>4 1:43%, 1:47%. At post 1 minute. Off at 4: 25 14. Honey, place. &;
show." 2." Hainault ' place, 9-5; show, 4-5. Laocoon. show. 2-6. Winner, br. m. by
Odd Fellow-Annie Clark. Trained by A. Leach. Start good. Won In a drive of three.
Dugan made too much early use of Hainault and when challenged by Lewis on winner
had nothing left Laocoon -was cut oft at head of stretch and later got in the deep
footing on the rail. Hermencia made a creditable showing. George Berry can do much
better. The Bugaboo ran an awful race. 1.
Sixth race, «lx furlongs — Gay Lothario won.
Billy Roche second, Koh-I-Noor third. Time,
1:1b.
Fourth race, the Rose stakes, four -fur
longs — Gold T?n won. Tea Cress second, Lady
Frances third. Time. :46 2-5.
Fifth race, selling, one mile — Dixie Line
won. Midshipman recond. Keynote third. Time,
1:40 4-5.
Third rac*. six furlong* — Aftarita ' won.
Naughty Lady second, Gananogue third. Time,
First race, handicap, five furlong:s— Major
Pelham won. Tim Payne second, Charles El
wood third. Time. 1:00.
Second race, selling, four furlongs — Work
man won, Danseuse second, Sandy Andy third.
Time. :4T 1-5.
NEW TOIUv. April 19. — Gold; Ten
won the stakes for two-year-old fillies
at Aqueduct to-day and in doing so
she broke the track record for four
furlongs straightaway by covering the
distance in :46 2-5, which is within
two-fifths of a second of the world's
record, made by Geraldine, in 1889, at
Morris Park. Geraldine was a four
year-old and carried 122 pounds.-Re
sults:
It seems the hen which lays the rold
«»n e^gs for the promoters, of the
amateur fistic game has met an un
timely death. Last night at the Me
chanics* Pavilion annex the crowd on
hand to witness the bouts promoted by
the Lincoln Club would have put to
ehame the attendance at a sandlot ball
game. Just what is responsible for
this sudden change is not clearly set
forth, but in all probability the prize
fighters' union has played a leading
part in the latest catastrophe of ring
dom.
To add to the frost and discomfort of
a small house and less enthusiasni, the
bouts were very bad. In fact there was
only one good fight on the card and
even that ended without the formality
of a knockout. The youths in the
bleachers raised their gentle voices
often and strongly to reprove the man
agers of the club and incidentally to
Jeer and make fun of the contestants.
Without these youngsters the other
spectators would have left the place
rre two fights had been decided.
AJ. Elkins. the hustling youngster
from the California Cycling Club, was
vanquished by his old rival, Abe Label,
after four hurricane rounds. Both boys
forgot science and resorted to slugging.
Elkins rushed his man from tbe start
and looked like the winner, but every
time he came In Label met him square
ly with a straight left and In the last
round put him down and almost out.
Charles Augustus won from Joe Po
desta in a bout full of all kinds of
fighting. The men were billed for. the
main event, but it was a shabby sort
of affair. The rest of the card was an
exceedingly poor one. The fights be
tween James St. Claire and Frank
Smith and Byron Meade and Jack
JDoyle were stopped by the referee. St.
Clair and Doyle being declared win
ners. Jack Bradshaw got the decision
over Frank "Wells and Kid Lloyd out
pointed Jack Gamersol.
Boxers* Union Seemingly
Achieves a Victory Over
Kivals. the Club Managers
Youngster Leads Out Tea
Cress and Lady Frances
in a Stake at Aqueduct
Sixth race — One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward; s*llln~: ¦ -
6650 Flaneur (Bianchl & Co.) 1.112
6643 Byronerdale (Crane) .............. ...108
6634 Mocorlto (Wellman) ....:............ M(k;
6641 'First Chip (Fitzgerald) ......104
6G50 Oro Viva (Fountain) ' 107
6650 •Golden LJght (McCafferty) ..'...103
•Apprentice allowance. .
- ¦ m ¦ i
NEW- POSTAL STATION.— Postmaster Fl*k
has : been notified by >' J.'i J. ¦• Howlry, '-¦; Acting
First Awdstant r««tmastcr General, that the
proposition for a new postofflce station in the
MI1U building . In this city . had - been ¦ accepted
by-tha' department.: The new elation will be
named 8tatlon N and will' be 'situated on the
¦round floor in 'the court on tbe ca-st Kid*.
! First race — Futurity course; three-year-olds
1 and up; selling:
«578 Box Elder (Moran)-... ......101
6629 Algareta (Morehouse) 109
6C10 Young Morello (Scharetg) ill
6635 Walter (Hayes) 121
C«Ot) 'Facts (William?) .'. 94
(U611)Cotati , (Napier) 09
6S74 Tarrlgan (McCarthy) .- n>8
Bulgarian (Anthony).. ni
C627 •Oottlelben (Vivell) 04
6C27 The Lieutenant (Stover) 101
6636 Poionlus (Stewart & Co.) ill
6378 •Fruewood (McAlester) 104
Second race — Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds; purse: . .
C644 Whoa BUI (Eppinger) ...:.. 106
(52KS))tLady link (Orange Vale Stable)..... ](»5
f>5C2 Andrew B. Cook (Stanfield) .....110
6629 Riesca (McLaughlln) J05
.... Blue Eyes (Sheridan) ..101
.... Chablis (Hamilton Stable) ....101
6644 Dr. Rowell (Blaslngame). ...... .....110
.... Darksome (Touhey). 103.
5149 JMaudc Browne (Smith).... .....103
tLos Angeles Index C529.
JLos Angeles index 6548.
Third race — One and a quarter* miles; four-'
year-olds and up; selling: . -
6643 'Merwan (Guthrle).. 99
6623 Rio Shannon (Coffey)... ...100
6654 'Idogo (McCafferty) 05
6654 »Can;Jo (Kirk & Co.).. ...100
6C48 Preelolns (Devin) 07
6630 »Mr.Dingle (Tierney) ,...98
. Fourth race — One mile; three-year-olds and
upward- handicap:
(GC20)Hoston (McCafferty) ..102
6596 Soothsayer (Wilkereon) .; 08
(6641)Crlss Cross (Hayes) 103
6625 Gateway (Ixmrldge) ....".. 09
6624 G. W. Trahern (Quinlan) ...OS
6642 V«terano (Vivell) 99
Fifth race— Futurity course; three-year-olds
and upward; sel line;: ¦
(6«MG)Oscar Tolle (Klunder) 114
0970 Effervescence ' (Coftey) yr»
C244 Flyer (Ryan) '.. in
4071 Disturber (Chappell) ............ill
5301**Homaire • (Stephenson) -'. 100
6602 fialto (Fountain) •-..:..... ...101 I
(C645) Suburban Qneen (Winter & Johnson)..] OH
6460 *Dr. Sherman (White) ;... .....100
4198 ThB Buffoon (McDowell)-.'. ¦.'...,".....'.111
(6536)t*Kylo II (Harrison) »fl
6146 •Dotterel (O'Rourke) .......:..... 101
6635 Brennus <Juflge) ...123
tlx>s -Amreles Index.
••Los Angeles Index 6588. . .
Willie See piloted two winners.
The stables of Dayton & Co., Car
lisle & Co.. and R. H. Clark were
shipped to Worth yesterday. *
Pierce J ran in the colors of his for
mer owner, Harry Stover, again yes
terday.
The race for gentlemen riders, to be
decided on Saturday, Fablola day, is
attracting much attention.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
If George Berry can run over a slow
track he did not emphasize the fact in
the concluding mile and fifty yard
selling event. The three-year-old ruled
favorite throughout the betting, and
at no stage of the running displayed
any speed. Dugan tried to make a
runaway race of it with Hainault, but
made too much early use' of his mount
and was nipped out a neck at the wire
by Jo Lewis on Heather Honey.
Knapp finished third with Laocoon,
the second choice. -The winner was
quoted at 12 and 15 to 1.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
McBride, j on Optimo, post favorite
for the six and a half furlong number,
had a most invigorating ride, but that
didn't get much for the gelding's back
ers. Early in the game McBride man
aged to get cut off and after following
a tortuous course, did manage to finish
third. At the start See, on Pierce J,
backed from 7 down to 5, Ikimmed
away to the front and stayed there,
leading Rollick out four lengths. Alice
Carey ran a poor race.
POSSART/S CLEVER VICTORY.
See continued the good work by
taking the mile and seventy yard sell
ing affair on Possart, a 3 to 2 favorite.
It was no hollow victory, though, for
Sheehan, astride Boutonniere, affer
making all the pace, was only beaten
by a neck at the finish. Canj;jo, at 17
to 1, ran into the. show, six lengths in
advance of Idogo. Both Mocorite and
Billy Moore ran as if in need of a va
cation.
The muddy condition of the track
and with 113 pounds up it was
thought might bother the Ormonde
horse, for 4 which reason Don Domo
had a slight call on him.. Double Six
did not take to the going at all, but
between the other four starters, Beau
Ormonde, Celebrant, Hagerdon and
the "Texas streak," it was a pretty
race to the head of the stretch. Don
Domo cracked first and Beau Or
monde, gradually drawing away, won
easily from Celebrant. Hagerdon' took
show honors without an effort. .
HEATHER HONEY A SURPRISE.
The excellence of the card attracted
a liberal attendance and the sport was
above the average. Favorites were re
turned first on three occasions.
Heather Honey, a 15 to 1 shot, furnish
ed the surprise. \
Money Muss, now owned by the
Denver horseman, Ed Gaylord, made
short work of his company in the in
troductory five and a half furlong
sprint. Glendenning and several others
were scratched, which left the "yaller"
horse to go to the post a 2 to 5 chance.
He was ridden by Dugan and won in
a common canter. Headwater, whose
price went to 60 to 1, took the place
from Dora I by a length. Olympian
received wretched handling.
Cardinal Sarto- another decided fa
vorite, finished first in the two-year
old scramble. The Reggie colt had
Sheehan on his back and when Grenore
tired a sixteenth from home, he took
command, winning easily. M. A.
Powell was a fair third.
Trainer Alec Forbes sent the aristo
cratic Beau Ormonde to the post, in
the Futurity course handicap at Oak
land yesterday well' groomed and
glossy, looking like the English coun
try gentleman he is, and he: turned the
trick with neatness and dispatch. For
a time there was a. rugged play on
Don Domo and this enabled the ad
mirers of Beau Ormonde to pick up
some 2W> to 1.
SPORT LOOKS CRUSHED
F1FTEEX-YEAE EECOED
Small Crowd of Spectators
Witnesses Poor Fights at
Mechanics' Pavilion Annex
Two- Year-Old Filly Nearly
Equals Half-Mile Mark of
the Famous Old Geraldine
Don-Dornoi the Noted
Texas Flier, Un
placed.
SAN- FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
BEAD ORMONDE, IN SUPERB FETTLE,
IS AN EASY WINNER OF HANDICAP
AMATEUR BOUTS
PROVE FROSTY
FLEET OF FOOT
IS GOLD TEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY. APRTU 20, 1904.
TWO-YEAR-OLD NEARLY REPLACES GERALDINES HALF-MILE MARK
10
v ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A "'ILLION HTHALTHY, MANLY |
/aiipfe«^v^8^k / RIO AN MEN, fathers of fam- I
xtiS^ \jk> NNvSjvttk i- • business men, statesmen,
/£f lPBrX\ raeckanlcs, farmers, lawyers, min-
is $a>3lEaB&. iBters, doctors, bookkeepers. bonfc-
KZSV j4^ W^5wers, sailors, soldiers, traveling
IsCp T»— -^ wEmmT salesmen, railroaders, laboring
J«/ ..^¦""'^a §Tl*/i men, men in every walk of life, in
«£wi^ x iPfl ©very line of activity, keep their
M|Qi.ffli bowels reeTular with OASOAB-
llMslv aW BTS Candy- Cathartic They tell
Hffijyfafr / other men about the wonderful
"T*«y THSESaflr H merit of this wonderful little tab-
mak * (WrvBr} + I let - They take OASO ABETS homo
?em MhBMmJzr S k to their ve8 and ftwniHea. Tho A
Mm ygr .^A consequence Is a sale of OVER A ~
*••**" Ja hi J^^**+ MILLION > BOXES A ' MONTH
. made by merit and appreciation.
sfttiffimll -A- man who keeps his bowels regnlar
jgBmA{*Ej Jp with OASO ABETS, can keep strong and
«^^^gMT^^^ healthy even without much exercise, for when
J^tST lap tbe bowels are regular and the digestion strong
JffiF jW the system is safe and the musoles, brain and
, 0r Jar nerves will have inexhaustible elasticity and life.
' r- ' £w AU druggists, 10o,05o,60c Noreraold in buUc. Tim wn.
f Xr Ulse tablet stamped CCC. Sample and booklet tnm,
r ff ?ddrwaSterluiffBcniedy Co, Chicago or N«w York.
CA.ND*y CATH ARTI C_^^^^|
ANNUAL SALE -TEN MILLION BOXES I
Greatest In th» WorldTime Ball.
Branch -Hydrographlc Office. -U. S. N^. Mer-
Will Give Benefit Lecture,
'Catharine V. C. Scott, M. D., will
deliver a benefit lecture on "A Trip to
Nineveh"' at Miss West's school, 2014
Van Ness : avenue, to-morrow- after
noon. ' The lecture is expected \ to , be
an exceedingly interesting one and it
is hoped by the lecturer that there ;will
be a large attendance, . as ' the 7 funds
are to assist Mrs. Vaugrhh/^an aged
woman, and : to purchase for her a life
membership In the Old Ladies' Home.
United States Coast and Geodetic ' Survey—
. Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at For Point, entrance to/ San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of
the Superintendent.- ' : . ¦;
NOTE — The high and low 'waters occur at
the city, front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than : at Fort Point; . the height
of tide is the same at . both places. .
WEDNESDAY. APRIL 20. . .
Sun rises ............................. ...5:27
Sun sets .. 1 .'.r...............;.;....";»...;6:4»
Moon sets ....................;.. 11:30 ; p.* m.
O Time ITlme ¦ Time • ¦¦ Time
£ 1 Ft. | Ft. — . , Ft. ,— .— Ft.
n HW . L_W ;-.:¦¦- H W |LW
20 1:38 5.318:40 0.0 .1: in) 4.3 8:37 3.1
21 2:32 5.2 9:33 0.1 4:62 4.3 9:50 3.1
22 3:35 5.0 10:40 0.3 5:55 , 4.4 11:00 3.1
23 451 4.7 11:44 0.4 0:48 4.6 ....
L W H W L W . ' H W . "
24 0:24 2.R «:10 4.fl 12:43 0.6 7:40 R.O
25 1:20 2.0 7:28 4.7 1:45| 0.8 ;8:27 5.4
- NOTE — In the above exposition of the. tides
-the early morning tides are given in the left
hand > column and the successive tides of ' the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth (time, column gives, the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometime* occurs. The: heights given are. in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey, charts, except .when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height.- and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth * given > by
: th* charts. The plane of reference is the mean
i of the lower low waters.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. April 19.
Stmr Alameda, Dowdell, 6 days 4 hours from
Honolulu. ' -
Stmr. Neweboy, -> Adler, 10 hours from Mon
terey.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, S2 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound south, put in for paesen
cers. : ...
Stmr Edith, Hall. 4 days from Tacoma.
Stmr W. H. Kruger. Bowdlch. 84 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound eouth, put In for pas
sencers.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 16 hours from Cas
par, bound south, put in to land passenger.- -
Schr Winslow, Blrkholm, 10 days from Ev
•rett.
Sliipiuag. Intelligence.
Shipments to Honolulu*
Tho . schooner. Helene . was . cleared °. yesterday
for Honolulu with an assorted merchandise
carro valued at (18.6^6 and including the fol
lowing: 60 bbls flour, 60 tons salt, 11, *!1'5 lbs
beans. 1354 ctls barley. 10,669 lbs 'middlings,
9:{93 lbs bran. 44 ctls ¦ wt-.eat, ' lf>54 bales -hay,
H ctls okt*. C415 lb« meal.' 32 ctls corn. '2400
lbs bread. . 35 cs mineral water, 477 rals gin,
3&1 gals whisk}', C3 cs canned goods, 382 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 3900 . lbs sugar, I 765
cols wine, DO cs canned salmon. 900 lbs lard,
A00 lb« codfish. 2100 lbs cofree, 101.470 lbs
fertilizer. 100 cs gasoline, €00 - lbs copper. 12
pkg* Iron 6 kegs nails, 40 colls rojje. 19 pkgs
sewing machines, 13 pkgs agricultural imple
ments, 58 ipkgs paper. 9 pkgs' ilry: goods. 54
pkgs acid, 20 pkgs pipe and fittings, 6 butts
tobacco. 8 bdis brooms, 60 pkgi paints and
oils, 1?4 pkro Eoap.
The nchooner Sunir <at Portlatwl) is char
tered for lumber thence to Kalcboii -or Shang
hai at 37s 6d. , ' -
The ship Lutnn. now ¦ at Honolulu, ''was
charterea prior to arrival -for sugar thence
to New 'York at $5 SO, with option of Phil
adelphia at f«. • - -
31atters of Interest to JIariners and
* Shipping Merchants.
XEWS OP THE OCEAN*.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
. H. Francis • Andrews. Norwich. Conn.: John
A. .Bower. Landisburg. Pa.; B. O. Elifritz.
Springfield.' O.:W. J. Ford. Madison. O.; Nel
son Graham. Newport, Pa.; Frank E. Herbert.
Providence; R. I. : -A. ,W. Jonea. Manchester,
N". H.; T , H. "B. Jones, Ironton. O.:. William
K. Krips. Philadelphia. Pa.; J. M. Ktlduff.
Roxbury Mass.; C. F. Lake. Montcla.tr. N. J. ;
Benjamin Richards. Shenandoah. Pa.; Frank
L Sackett Fredonia, N. Y. ; Rev. Joseph B.
Schmltt. Dresden, O.; Dr. H. H. Smith. John
sonburg Pa:; Charles E. Usstier. Philadelphia,
Pa.;-J. 'S. Whltmer. Mercerburg. Pa.; H. L-
Walter. Montclalr. N. J.; Dr. A. A. Yoder.
Sellns Grove - Pa. ; C E. Young. Dresden. O.
Representative Men in City.
A party of representative men of
Ohio, Pennsjivania. Bhode Island.
New Hampshire and New Jersey, who
are, interested in a number of mining
properties in the West, arrived here
yesterday and are registered at the
California. * They have large' holdings
in zinc properties in Kansas, .silver
mines near Needles and a gold mine
at Fenne/, all of which are being im
proved,, and with an Idea of inspect
ing these . Improvements they decided
to come West together. In the party
are the following named:
DOME8TIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS-^-Paesed Apr 19, 8 a m—
< Per stmr Alameda— Apr, 18 — In . lat 34.26 -N,
long 132 W. stmr.; Korea, •¦ hence Apr 16, for
Honolulu. Yokohama and Hongkong. Apr 18—
In lat 35.02 : N, i long ', 1.10.35 W, bark " La
Bruycre, from ; Oregon, for . Queonstown. J •..:•¦-.
March 30— In lat 1« S, long 3B W. Br bark
Wanderer,' from-" Antwerp,*; for San; Francisco. •
Apr I— In lat : 8 - S, ; long f 32 ; W, > Ger bark
Wandsbck, j from - Hamburg, i for Seattle.
SPOKEN
POINT LOBOS April 19, ; 10 p. m. — Weather
cloudy; wind west, velocity 22 miles per hour
• Tuesday, April 10.
Schr Jennie Stella. Hansen. hence to-day for
Eureka, on account of;, losing mainsail in
heavy SW- squall oft Montara Point.
Stmr W." H. Kruger, hence tp-day, on ac
count of disabled machinery. * ; '.;
. TELEGRAPHIC. \
RETURNED.
\ Tuesday, April 19.
Sfrnr Signal. Bendegaard, Santa Cruz.
Stmr W. H. Kruger, Bowdlch. Redondb.
Stmr Santa Monica. Olsen. San Pedro.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, Caspar. ,
Stmr George F. Haller. Hayden.' Bristol Bay.
Stmr Spokane. : Nopander." Eureka.
Stmr Newsboy. Adler, - Eureka.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson; _^ Eureka. ;
Etmr Phoenix, Odland, Mendocino.
Stmr-W. H. Kruger, Bowdlch, Redondo.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Eureka. -
Stmr Gipsy, Lel&nd, Sasta Cruz.
Bktn Wrestler, Nielsen, Grays Harbor.
Sehr i Helene, Christlaneen, Honolulu. .
Schr Newark. Relnertsen. Little River. ¦
Echr Jennie Stella, Hansen. Eureka. ¦
CLEARED
Tuesday, April 19.
Stmr Spokane, Nopander, Eureka, P C 8 S
Co. '
Stmr Callfornlan, Barron, New York, via
Honolulu; Williams, Dlmond & Co.
Schr Helene, Christiansen, Honolulu; J. D.
Srireckels & Bros Co.
Sehr Joseph Russ, Peterson, Bristol Bay;
Peter M. Nelnon.
Ship W. H. Macy, Grotb, Lorlng; Alaska
Packers' - Association. .
SAILED.
'¦ • •
Stmr Mandalay, Smith, 39 hours from Cres
cent City. J , ¦.
Stmr George W. Elder, Randall, 62% hours
from Portland, via Astoria 47 hours. •
Ktmr ¦ Mongolia, Rlnder, 58 days 18 houra 38
mln from Norfolk, via Manzanlllo fl days G
hours "and 26 mln.
Br stmr Wyefleld, Watson, 102 hours from
Nanslmo. - <
Htmr Asuncion, Brldgett, 74 hours from Se
attle. ¦ .. •
Stmr Maggie, Coming. 4 hours from Half
moon Bay. . ¦ ' .
Stmr Whlttler, Dickson, 2 days from Asto
ria, ud river direct.
Bark "W. B. Flint. Johnson, 21 days from
Makawell. •
Bark St. Katharine. Saunders, 21 days from
Sehr Spokane, Jamleson, 14 days from Port
Gamble. - ¦ -
Schr W: H. Marston, Curtis, 20 days from
Honolulu. "
Schr Volant, Skipper, 7 days from Tillamook.
Schr Abble, Larsen, 42 hours from Mendo
cino
Despondency caused M>s. Lottie
Chase, a' waitress employed at the
Presidio, to attempt her life last- night
by the inhalation of illuminating gas
in her room at 2747 Greenwich street.
Owing to her absence at the supper
hour inquiries were made at,,, the
house, where she resided, with the re
sult that the woman was found -in an
unconsc'ioHis condition in her apart
ment, and an open gas key .testified to
the cause. The ambulance waa called
and Mrs. Chase removed to the Emer
gency Hospital. The ride,.- combined
with the fresh air, revived^her before
reaching the hospital, and -her condi
tion is not_ serious. She admitted
turning on the gas with suicidal intent
and assigns as a reason the fact that
her husband, Albert Chase; a soldier,
deserted her. Mrs. Chase:is a.strik
ing brunette q( about 23 years of age.
Woman Attempts Suicide.
The steam schooner W. H. Kruger returned
from sea yesterday on account of her ma
chinery having broken down.
S The schooner W. H. Marston. which arrived
yesterday from Honolulu, sailed beyond tne
quarantine limits and was towed back by onler
of the Federal authorities.
The bark St. Katherine. which arrived yes
terday twenty-one days from Hllo, was for
fourteen days battling NNE. and N.N'W. gales.
She had several sails carried away.
The rate of reinsurance on the Lamorlclere
was advanced yesterday to 30 per cent.
Water Front Notes.
FOREIGN PORTS.
KOBE— Arrived Apr 6-rGer stmr , Tiberius,
from New York. - '
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Apr 18— Br stmr.Tar
tar, f*om Vancouver. ¦.£-¦
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Apr 2— Ger stmr Mera,
°LONDON— Sailed Apr 1&--Br ship' Samantha,
°ANTWERP— In port Apr 5-i-Br.bark Inver
mark, for Port Los Angeles. Vi - ¦ '
BEACHY HEAD— Passed Apr 18— Br ship
Forrest Hall, hence Dec 10. /- _ - ; ¦ ,
EAST LONDON — Arrived Apr 5— Nor bark
AbyB6inia, from Vancouver. .. • • ¦ V- •- -
In port Mar 1— Br bark Ruth well, . for Ore :
gon. via Newcastle, Aus.. *•'..£ ...
- DOVER Passed. Apr ; 18— Fr bark Emllie
Galllne, from — r-.'S^r? ; *' "¦• y '¦*''
HAMBURG— In port' Apr 8 — Ger bark Carl,
for Port-Los Angelesi.Fr bark Lo Filler, for
San Francisco. -. •¦! _¦ _ "- '..''
GLASGOW— In port .Apr 7— Fr bark < Guer
veur. for San Francisco.:, . ..
IPSWICH— In port Apr 1—Br bark Peter
Iredale for Antwerp and ¦ Port Los Angeles.
, GUAYAQUIL— Sailed ,, Apr. . 18— Ger , . stmr
Serapis, for San' Francisco ¦",.-' •_..--'., '. ' ; ..
1 -SINGAPORE— Sailed Apr 17—Br stmr.M, ,S.
Dollar, for Sourabaya and" then 'for.; Hongkong.
PORT NATAL — Arrived :. prior Apr--18-^-Fr
slilprAllce. from Fort Blakeley.,.. . ¦ . ,
- LONDON— Sailed -\Apr ; 7— Br,- stmr '-. Stentor,
for Seattle. «tc. .. .;_ . : " . . •-; , .
i- NAGASAKI— Sailed Mar .7—Ger bark;Stein- ;
bek." for Newcastle. \ Au8.,~ and j Ban
NEW YORK— Sailed Apr 18— Ger stmr Nu
bia, for Manila. :\ > : -¦¦-.. •
EASTERN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Apr 19— Stmr Sierra,
from Sydney, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
Stmr Alcazar, from Greenwood, for Port Har-
f °ASTORIA-Arrived Apr 19-SUnr Oregon.
h Trrl4d r Ap 7 r 19-Br ship Laennec. from Port
Apr 19-Schr
M SE e ATT a LF^Arrtve n d P i e pr°-10. 6 a m-Stmr
"^rK'CTs-Br 8^ Thlrlmere. from San
April 19-Schr Tauru*. from San
P^a r iTed Apr 19-Stmr Santa Barbara, for San
Fr A\ n r.ve C d-Apr 19-Stmr Rain.e^ -.We Apr 15.
TATOOSH-Passed In Apr l J »~ s^ r wn 2 5 n m :
p<*r, from Salina Crua., for Port Townsend.
schr Nokomls. hence Apr 13, for Tacoma,,
Pa^ed out Apr 19-Br ship Barcore. for
Apr 19-Bark Hecla. from Lady
6m 8 AN f PEDR^Xfrtved Apr 1«-Stmr San
Gabriel, from Eureka; stmr laqua, hence Apr
"sailed Apr 19-Stmr Whltesboro. tor San
Francisco; schr Albert Meyer, for Ballard
Passed; In Apr 19-Fr barkTurgct, from
Sa SAN le DIEGO-Salled Apr 19-Schr Salvator.
Apr. 16-Schr _ Beulah.
from San Pedro. Apr 18— Schr Sadie,
San Pedro: schr Caroline, from San Pedro.
Sailed Apr 19— Schr Lily, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Apr 19— Stmr Czarina.
he ArTlv^d r A 1 pr 19-Stmr Alliance from Eureka.
PORT HARFORD-Salled Apr 19— Stmr
A^-Schr S. -T. Al
exander. from San Pedro. .
Arrived Apr 19— Schr Annie Larsen, , hence
A C}R^.YS HARBOR— Sailed Apr 19— Stmr
OlvmDlc. for San Pedro.
Sailed Arf 10~Schr Robert Searles, for San
Pedro- bktn Robert Sudden, for Santa Rosalia:
stmre 'Acme and Prentise, I for San Francisco.
EVERETT— Arrived Apr^ 19— Schr ' Luzon,
hC Safled°Apr' 19— Schr Oliver J. Olsen.: for San
Francisco.
SUEZ — Arrived Apr 18 — Stmr Peleus, from
Vancouver, via Yokohama, 1 1 logo, Hongkong,
Singapore, etc., for Liverpool.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Apr 19— Stmr Patri
cia, from New York, for Cherbourg and Ham
burg, and proceeded. ' ' • ' 1
PONTA DELGADO— Arrived Apr 19— Stmr
Prinzes* Victoria • Luise, from Nfiw York, for
Funchal. .Gibraltar. Algiers, Naples and Genoa.
BREMEN— -Arrived Apr • 19— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelnv II, from, New York, via. Plymouth
and Cherbotfe. . .*
MOVII^LE — Arrived Apr 1»— Stmr* Bava
rian, from St. John, N. B., and Halifax, and
proceeded. ', ¦ , , . . •;.,;/..»
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Apr 19— Stmr Ro
manic, from • Boston, via ' Ponta Delgado, for
Marseilles,' Genoa and Naples, and proceeded.'
NAPLES — Arrived Apr 19 — Stmr Perugia.
from New York, via Marseilles and Leghorn.
Sailed Apr 17— Stmr Germanic, for . New
York, and passed Gibraltar Apr 18.
HONGKONG— Sailed Apr 19^-Stmr Doric,
for San Franclaco.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Apr 10— Stmr Syl
vania. from Boston, vls'Queenatown.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Apr . 19— Stmr
Ivernla, from Boston, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. ¦-'¦ - .:...: . .
GENOA — ATrtved Apr, 14— Stmr Liguria,
from New York.
HAVRE— Arrived Apr 17— Stmr Bordeaux,
from New York. ¦ - • ' -. '•
MANCHESTER— Arrived Apr 18— Slmr Bos
t on Ian. from Boston. ¦•
MARSEILLES— Arrived Apr 18— Stmr Call
fornlan. from New York. • . '.
OCEAN " STEAMERS
SYDNEY — Arrived prior Apr 19— Stmr So
noma, hence Mar 24. ' ,
NEWCASTLE, AUS.— Arrived prior Apr 19—
Br ship Falls of Dee. hence Feb 20.
' HOBART^-Arrived prior Apr 19— Fr bark
Jeanne Cordonnler, hence Feb 18.
FREMANTLE — Arrived prior Apr 19 — Br
ghlp Thalassa. from Ludlow.
BIRKENHEAD— Arrived Apr 10— Fr bark
Grande Ducheeee Olga, from Astoria.
SHIELDS— Railed Apr 18— Fr bark Duplelx,
for San Francisco. ¦ " - .• ¦- • ¦'
GUAYMAS— Sailed Apr 18— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco. ' -;¦*."• ¦.','•.••;»•. .• ¦¦
An accident to the. Time Ball mechanlim has
necessitated a temporary discontinuation of the
service. . Further notice will be given when
it is put in order. J. c. BURNETT
lieutenant. U. S. OJ., in charge.
A^rn^io fm ang '* Ean Francl8C0 - ' c *»-
TO ARRIVE.
j From. ~~ I Due.
I Mineola Tacoma 'Apr. 20
Newburg Grays Harbor Apr. 20
! Corcn»<Jo j Grays Harbor Apr. 20
! Pomona Humboldt I Apr. 20
I Hermonthls.. Hamburg & Way ....!Apr. 20
i City Panama. nv w York via Panama. |Apr. 21
>Iomo Pt. Arena & A.bion. . Apr. 21
I Eureka Humboldt | Apr. 21
| Santa Ko-&.. j g a n Diesro A Way Pta. Apr. 21
I Point Arena.., Mendocino & Pt. Arena Apr. 21
Senator ; Puget Sound Ports Apr. 21
S^q-uola | willapa Harbor ... ]Apr. 21
Empire , Coos Bay & Pt Orford'Apr. 21
Santa Crux..-, s a n Pedro & Way Pts.JApr. 22
Jeanie j Seattle & Tacoro.?. 1 Apr. 22
F. M. Klburn . Watsnvllc v. Pt. KogerslApr. 22
I Spokane j Humboldt Apr. 2J
G. Dollar Portland I Apr. 23
j Bee Grays Harbor Apr. 2."}
j G. Lindaucr.. Grays HarU,.- Apr. Zi
! S. Barbara... Seattle & Olytnpia Apr. 2.1
i Nevadan Honolulu & Kanulul. . Apr. 23
Iaqua San Pedro Apr 2:1
Czarina Coos Bay Apr. 23
Amer. Matu.. Yokohama & Honolulu. Apr. 24
Aurella Portland & Astoria Apr. 24
Oregon Portland & AMoi.a Apr 24
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Apr. 25
Sierra Sydney & Wav Ports. I Apr. 25
Bonlta Newport & W.17 Ports. Apr. 28
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Apr. 2tt
Curacao Mexican Port* Apr. 27
{ Rainier Seattle & Wbatoom Apr. 27
i Acapulco New York via Panama. Apr. 28
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Apr. 28
Centralla .... Grays Harbor |Apr 28
G. W.Klder.. I Portland & Astoria |Apr. 2U
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails.' Pier.
April ao.
Montara. . . Seattle direct .... \ pm Pier ft
S.Pedro... Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Umattlla..' Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Amasls Hamburg & Way. 12 m Pier IS)
April 31.
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River 10 am Pier 20
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 8 am Pier 11
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Ontennlal. Seattle & Tacoma 5 pm Pier 20
April 22.
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
April 23. I
Eureka Humboldt 0 am|Pier 13
Porno - Pt. Arena * Albion 4 pm.Pler 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pier 10
Coronado..- Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Sequoia.... Willapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
San Jose... N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Marlpoea... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
Homer... 1 .. Seattle direct p| er o
Empire Coos Bay direct... 10 am Pier Vi
laqua Humboldt .; 1 pm Pier 2
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier -
April 24.
S. Rosa. . • . San Diego & Way. 0 amlPier 11
April 25. II
Spokane Humboldt .1:30 p Pier 0
S. Cruz.... San Pedro & Way 9 am p )er n
Senator Puget Found Port* 11 am Pier 0
' April 26.
9 ae » c £ hlna &'Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Jeanle..... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
April 27.
Or'Kon Aetorta .& Portland 11 am Pier 24
Bee Grays Harbor.... Pier —
April 28.
North Fork. Humboldt ......... 6 pm Pier 20
April 29. I I
Nevadan..- Hono. & Kahulul.j 3 pmlPier 16
. April 30. j I
City Panam, N. Y. via Panama 12 , m Pier 40
CltyPuebla I Pugn Sound Port».|ll arn|Pler 9
FROM SEATTLE. ~ r ~
Steamer. £ •, For. .- Sane .
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Poru. Apr. 21
Dolphin...... Skagway A Way Ports. Apr 24
City Seattle. : SVagway & Way Ports. Apr 26
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Port.. Apr 28
tHrtgo Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 29
J. Dollar Valder & Seward Apr 29
Movements of Steamers.
The Mongolia's engines, however, ap
peal even to the unmechanical, and
have aroused the enthusiasm of those
who..Tinderstand from the Atlantic to
the Pacific. The vessel has twin
pcrewu, with engines of 10,000 indicated
horsepower. 'The engine-room is very
ppacious. extending the,entlre width of
the ship and 45 feet 6 inches fore and
To those who expect to find a float
ing palace the Mongolia will be a dis
appointment. Utility is the keynote in
her construction and arrangement.
She was purchased, when almost com
pleted, from the Atlantic Transport
Company, by whom phe was intended
for si frrighter with intermediate pas
senger accommodations. She was fin
ished, with l>»w exceptions, according
to the original plans, which* did not
contemplate anything in the floating
palace" line.
< >n the trans-Pacific run the Mongo
lia will have room for 350 cabin and
1300 steerage passengers. She is able
to carry 15,000 tons dead weight of
freight. When loaded her draught will
be 33 feet 6 inches, and to provide wa
ter alongside "thji Mail dock for the
Mongolia with, a full cargo will keep
the State dredgers pretty regularly
employed in that vicinity.
There is nothing elaborate and little
that is artistic about the new liner's
paEsenger accommodations. The one
exception is the smoking-roc-m, which
la commodious,* comfortable and fin
ished in harmonious colors. The dining
saloon, where seats are provided for
216, is at the fore end of the shelter
deck and is severely plain Jn Its ap
pointment*. The saloon extends from
side to side of the vessel. The sides
and ends are finished in dark oak, with
a dull finish, and the coloring of the
ceiling is white and gold. The gold lost
It* luster on the voyage from Norfolk
-and is now rather doleful in appearance
end of doubtful decorative -value- -*V--y
U'ONBEBFUEi* ENGINES.
XO FLOATING IMLACH
' Fifty feet longer than the Korea or
Siberia, with a net tonnage three times
preaiPr than that of the Gaelic, which
lies tinder the Mongolia's shadow, al
though on the other side of the wharf,
this hujre product of American ship
building was yesterday and will be un
til she- takes her departure the star at
traction along the water front.
The Mongolia is scheduled to leave
here May 7 on her. first trip to the
Orient, but it is doubtful whether she
will be reudy. AVhile at Pernambuco
Bhe ran ashore and during the two
hours she struggled to free herself
from thfi clutches of the sand, she is
thought t<> have sustained injury which
will take unme time to repair.- She left
Norfolk; Va., in a more or less unfin
ished condition and apart from the
tiamapr sustained at Pernambuco,
iherr. Is a lot of work to be done on her
before she is in condition to receive
I>assrni?erp.
The steamship Mongolia, Captain
Kinder, latest addition to the Pacific
Mail Company's trans-Pacific fleet and
one of the largest vessels built in the
United Suites, made her first appear
ance in this port early yesterday morn
ing. After passing quarantine Inspec
t.on Khe proceeded to the wharf at First
and Brannan streets and there she
now li«>s. towerins over the dockshed
and giving that structure an appear
ance of insignificance which speaks vol
umes ff>r the bulk of the new liner.
The Mongolia shipped a crew of 192
Chinese at Salina Cruz. One of them
died of heart disease yesterday morn-
Ing. .The Chinese were landed at An
gel Island, where they will be held in
quarantine for several days.
Until the new wharves are built the
Mongolia will be something of an ele
phant on the hands of her owners. Her
main deck overtops the roof of the
Mall dock ehed, and the work of load
ing the big vessel will be difficult and
costly. Until adequate wharf facili
ties are provided much of the Mon
golia's freight will have to be handled
from lighters. "Ipj
The trouble, says Chief Officer Hitch
field, was not with the food/ but with
the cook, who was innocent of the
most primitive culinary knowledge,
and had been shipped under false col
ors, but who fared no better than his
victims, as he had to eat the products
of his own cooking.
The sailors and firemen make bitter
complaint of the food served them on
the Mongolia, and for once the after
guard admits the Justice of the fore
castle complaint. Each sailor and fire
man had a Btory to tell of unsatisfied
appetite. Shortly after leaving Kor
fojk the men demanded to be placed on
the ration provided for under the
United States shipping laws. This was
done, but brought no peace to the
Mongolia's forecastle, for the reason
that the food was served practically
uncooked.
The Mongolia left Norfolk, Va., Feb
ruary 23 and made an average speed
of 12 knots. She burned 4500 tons of
coal during the passage.
A HUNGRY SHIP.
aft. The height from the engine-room
floor plates to skylights is 70 feet. The
engines are four-cylinder, quadruple
expansion of the usual marine type,
with Stephenson link valve motion.
The Mongolia is equipped with
pumps, condensers, evaporators, elec
tric lighting and refrigerating plants
of the latest design, and on the upper
deck, abreast of the engine-room on the
port side, is a very completely equipped
machine i?hop.
The principal dimensions of the Mon
golia are as follows: Length, 615 feet
8 inches; beam, G5 feet; draught, load
ed. 33 feet 6 inches; depth, 51 feet 2
inches: displacement, loaded, 26,514
tons; gross tonnage, 13,636 tons; speed,
15 knots. She has five decks and ten
watertight bulkheads, which run up to
the upper deck.
The passengers included the following named:
E. J. Benjamin, Mrs. V. 15owen, J. F. Clyne.
J. F. Crowson. A. T. Felix, Mr*. Judge Gear.
Mr Gllman. Captain Grant, W. M. Gully and
wife Mrs. Hartshorn, T. W. Hobron, Dr. J.
M. Holt and son. Mrs. J. S. Ktmball, Mr. and
Mrs. Kirk, Miss Kneen, R. Leighton. J. M.
Lovltt and wife. ' William McDoucal, Mrs. L.
II. McFadden, A. McNeil! and wife. Miss von
Holt." Mrs. A. Mackintosh. Rev. A. Mackintosh,
W. A. Maurer and wife. J. Melnecke and wife.
Mrs. Z. K. Meyers, Miss W. Mohr, H. A.
Munson, Miss A. Oat, M. C. O'Mara. Mrs. E.
AV. Parker, E. E. Paxton, W. S. Reddlngtcn,
R * Reid and wife, Mrs. Samuels and child.
Miss M. Slckley, Sister Anna, C. H. Smith, H.
J. Solomon and wife, G. Spottlswood, Dr.
SpotUswood. M. Storey and wife. Rev. C. C.
Tiffany. R. J. Waters, W. C. Waters, wife and
two children. Rev. P. C. Webber, Mrs. Ewell.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Alameda, Captain Dowdell, arrived yesterday
'morning:, 5 days 22 hours from Honolulu. She
brought up €8 cabin and 155 steerage passen
gers. Of the latter 84 were Japanese.
The passengers included several parties of
tourists and a number of people well known
here and at Honolulu. Dr. J. M. Holt of the
Marine Hospital service, who has been doing
quarantine duty In the Philippines, came on
the Alameda from Honolulu, where he stopped
on his way from the Orient.
Alameda Makes Quick Run.
MAMMOTH STEAMSHIP MONGOLIA. Tlin LATKST ADDITION TO THE PACIFIC MAIL. COMPANY'S FLEET. WHICH AR
RIVED HERE EARLY YESTERDAY MOKXING. SHE IS ONE OF THE LARGEST VESSELS BUILT IN THE UNITED
6TATES AND TOWERS ABOVE THE OTHER SHIPS IN THE HARBOR.
. Major John Bigelow will depart the
latter part of the week for Ord Bar
racks.
This morning at 9 o'clock the Third
Squadron of the Ninth Cavalry will
give a problem exercise on the golf
links. It will be carried out on the
same lines as those previously marked
out by Major John Bigelow. •
The .Angel Island target range will
soon be in working order. It> will be
exclusively for recruits. General Mac-
Arthur has ordered the supplies to be
brought from Benicia. This Is the big
gest recruiting camp in the country,
there always being at least from one
to two thousand recruits in the camp.
General C. W. Coolidge has entirely
recovered from his recent illness.
Peape and quiet reigned supreme
yesterday in the Twenty-eighth Infan
try cantonment. Lieutenant Colonel
W. L, Pitcher has released the officers
that had been under arrest and they,
have gone back to their respective du
ties. V
In speaking of the recent commotion
in the camp Colonel Pitcher said: "I
am an officer of the Government and
1 am not here to make any grand
stand play. I do my work and I in
tend that all under my command shall
do what is expected of them. I have
a large-sized club in use for those who
do not conform to army regulations.
That is all I have to say about it.
I am working for the Government and
those under me must conform to army
routine work. That is all there is
about It. The officers under arest I
have released, but unless they toe the
mark they know what the conse
quences will be." ?
Lieutenants Aiken and Foote, who
have been under arrest and who were
released yesterday, had little to say.
Lieutenant Foote was" non-commital,
and when asked regarding his arrest
and confinement in the. post stated that
he had nothing to say.
Lieutenant Aiken greatly regretted
that his name had been again drag
ged before the public. He said that
he had always tried to conform to and
do justice to the views of his superior
officers. He was always willing to be
counseled and advised by his com
manders. Regarding the affair in the
Philippines he said that the report that
in the court martial there he had lost
several files was an error. He had
simply been reprimanded.
Lieutenants Aiken and Foote
Resume Their Duties in
Twenty - Eighth Infantry
PEACE AGAIN RESTOEED
Officers at the Presidio
Who Were Under Arrest
Ha\ ; e Been Set at Liberty
PITCHER'S CAMP
IS NOW SERENE
I-HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 20, 1904.
Pacific Mail Company's New Liner Goes Ashore at Pernambuco
and Repairing of Damage May Prevent Her Taking Her Place
on Trans-Pacific Run on Date. for Which She Is Scheduled
GIANT MONGOLIA ENDS LONG TRIP
AND ARRIVES SAFELY AT THIS PORT
11
"COSILY TOYS"
CUT OUT THIS DESCRIPTION AND PASTE ON BACK OF
PICTURE FOR FUTURE REFERENCE.
-COSTLY TOYS"
IS THE TITLE OF THE
...ART SUPPLEMENT...
By Charles Van den Eycken
TO BE GIVEN WITH THE
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
The proverbial playfulness of kittens is a favorite subject with painters who
choose their models from the domesticated branch of the feline tribe. The fact, that
the little animals have not been endowed with discretion in their choice of playthings,
along with their Instinct for play often leads them- to do much "mischief, and it is.
this mischief which furnishes an inexhaustible fund of material upon which such art-
ists as Eugene Lambert, Mme. llcnriette Ronncr and Charles Van den Eycken, the
painter of the original of this art supplement, have drawn In producing the plcturesV
which are their life work.
Other artists of more serious temperament have used cats as models for repre-
• sentations of the savage members of the same family. The anatomy of the domestic
* jr cat is almost identical with that of many, of its wild cousins, and the fact that the sav-
- •' age instincts of its ancestors have only a thin veneer of the domestication makes it
a simple matter for an artist to transform the household tabby- into a v tiger or lion-
ess, as Delacroix frequently did. One needs only to observe a cat drinking, eating
t or stalking a mouse or sparrow to note the resemblance recalled by Whittier, who
displayed much of a painter's instinct in his description in the lines in "Snow Bound". _/
' "The cat's dark silhouette' on the wall, a couchant tiger's seemed to fall.".
In such pictures as the one which is the subject of this notice there are the ele-
ments of lively action and a pleasing suggestion of innocence and Joyousness which
make them justly popular. • In Van den Eycken's painting there is also bright and
agreeable color and skillful brush work. . .
¦ Charles Van den Eycken is a Belgian of pure Flemish descent. He Is still a
young man and has every prospect of becoming even more famous in his chosen
branch of art than the celebrated Mme. Ronner, whose pupil he is. - His studio ia hi .0*'
Antwerp in the same building as that of 'his former Instructor., During the last dec-
ade his works have become well known hi America and the sale of his pictures in this
country is steadily increasing. V
Are You Making a Collection of The Call's Art Supplements?
There Are Several More Beauties Coming.
ALL NEWSDEALERS AND TRAIN NEWSAGENTS SELL THE CALL. ENTER A COMPLAINT
AT THIS OFFICE IF YOU FAIL TO GET A CALL WHEN WANTED.THE: SAN FRANCISCO ;; CALL^ WEDNESDAY, ' APRIL 20, 1904:
12
THE CALL
SOnv D. SPRECXSIiS. Proprietor.
X. J. MAKTIN' Business Manager
TKS DOLLAKS Ui:\VAKl>.
Notify The Call Office if You Miss
Your 1*a;»or.
Jf fcr any c&nse TXtE CAI.I. i« not fi»-
rcjrularly to «abscrifcers please
call up -CAiL ESCHAKGE" ac* notify
Subscription Clerk in ctanre. Toar coso-
plsiat will receive prompt attention.
A standing" reward cf Ten X>ollar»
(<;o.COl Is offered ror the tfrrcst and
ccarictioii of aar one cauffht KteaUnff
IBS CALL.
. TELEPHONE.
A»V Tor THE CALL. T*« C'r-rator Will Con-
c»ct Tou With the I>s.-artr.icnt You \Msn.
PcUi.c«Ucn Office V»rket nnJ Th:r3. S. F.
Ed-.cr.*l lluom 217 to S3 Stevenson »t.
IVlivered by Carriers ?9 Ct«. Per Week. 75
Ots Per Month, ringrl* Copies »«•»••'
Term* by Mail. :nclu<5ing Pos*a?e t«^*h w.u
OrJer): „
PAILV CALL <!nclud. Sunday*. 1 year... $5 "0
DAJI.Y CALL <!r : elu<V Sunday*. « mo» •_""
DAILY CALL—By Single Month w «ac
f T*XPAT CALL 1 Tear --"J*
WTSKI.T CALL.. 1 Tear •- :_% .
,__._ f Daily. . .fS ST. Per Tear Extra
PO'iir- 1 Kurday. 4.15 Per Tear Extra
PtilAG - 1 Weekly. 1.00 Per Tear rxtra
ALL roSTMAS-'TERS AHE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Fanspie Copies -»::i be forwarded when re-
quested
Me!l subi-crlber* !n ordering chans* of «•!-
irees r.bouK! h* particular to Rive both NEW
*N'T> OLD AT'nKEeS In ¦ rder to insure, a
j rompt ac<! correct compliance with their re-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
r.;R Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
EERKELEY OFFICE:
IMS Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
FAMITL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brertano. 31
Vricn Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Ftrihave-
cue Hctel and Hoffnian House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
I ATTOW XEY»AT-IiAW — Confinnrd.
i X PniVATH. quick ci-.crce fcr small re?.
1 fe~ rr.«' urd raw ir.oney: no pay in advance.
I G W HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
! *I>tsti:?-.!ied r2 yrs.: rn-.s. 1. 2, 3, 4 & 5. 1st fl.
i 11J1 1 Murkft ?».. lxtwcen -Mason and Taylor.
Advice fpre all matter*. Detectives employed.
1 It. W. KING. Ati0mey-a.t-I.3w. Exam, lildg..
; Cth floor, entrance toc.ni Bill established -'>
veers: a!! «-se^. jrereral court and office praV-
tire; r.n fee Ir advanoe or for <"or«:iltation;
cxMiinr" hy acpointmentr Te!. Rrd COCA.
DIVORCE law a specialty: no publicity; Hdvlce
free: co>t* $12. Address B.A.S.. P.O.bcx 2103.
I L. . F. CLARK. 927 Market st.: consultation
I - Trve; tin fr"s <n advp.nr*: open evening*
'^ r BASKETS. *J\
VS^KWXfi n-ndo c* every desert !Hlt.r>. Friedl
Has^«r ar»l Ha5k--t Facttn-.v. 1272 Foiscm st.
nOARDI.\G FOR CHILDHEX.^
GOOD home for 1 or ? children; mother's care;
terms reufnnahle. 103S Howard st.
' "" m^
BWIXKS5 CHAXCEJ.
A— $2209: DAIRY produce ana delicatessen
«tore; etlabllshed >ears; rent S55: monthly
I sales nbcat $15f-i»; « flrsi-class pj»y!ng busl-
| ness. Pee R. G. WILKE. 2<SV» Keamy sU
j A— $750; CIGAR stand on Market «t.; rent $«6;
I one of the best -looted stands and a business
I where fullest investigation is solicited; a
" bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 'JMj Kcarny.
'.A— $SCOO: CORNER grocery and bar with 5
; years' 'ease; rent $15; 2 horres; 'i wagons;
i overape cash store trade S23OO per month;
' daily bar receipts $25: lull value in eight;
! location the best in the city. Call R. G.
WILKE. "6>, Kearny it.
A— $450; PLUMBING and gasfitting shop on
Fillmore ft.; rent S2G: owners tnust sell at
once a» they are eng:as r <i In another busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE, 26Vi Kcarny tt.
A— $3000: GROCERY Eton: established many
' veari> and doinc h. large casli business;
located c!ose to Market and !?lxth sts.; a
; good raying business: lnvcfligate and you
rind a veiy rare business opening. Call II.
j .«. WILKE. 2«>i Kearny st.
i A— $CV0: GRILL and barroom, with 8-ye?r
Vase; rent $50; the leading business of Us
kind in manufacturing town about «0 miles
Irom S. F. ; a tare chance tor any live man
who wishes to make money: value In eight.
i Call R. G. WILKE. 20 >i Kearny st.
A- $450; DELICATESSEN and pork etore:
¦ bout 1 block south vt Market; sales average
$;..*>» per month: owner has another business
• nd must sacrifice. Call R. G. WILKE. 264
Keamy rt.
A— $1250: CORNER grocery store on Keamy
et.: full value in sight: a splendid chance
for an Italian. Call R. G. WILKE. 2tiVi
Kearny ft.
1 CHAXCKS--Cnn«nned. I
A. CAMERON t.CO.* Phone South 1050 I
•3 Eddy sU. cor Marktt and Powell. |
Headquarters for ell kinds ot business chances. ;
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000
Candy and Icecream parlors.. .$200 to $2500
11a rbcr shops ~". JT.$300 to $20<K>
Tigar stands $.150 to VXnX)
Groceries and bars 5-V«) to $5000
Haloon* . r $ J<!0 to $10,000
Itostaurents $3a» to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $:50<) to flO-fl
Drug stores ?2000 to $WliO
JielK-HtevKcn storeB •. ?25O to .$450.)
Wco-1 and coal yards; :..?^50 to flOUO
A FIRST-CLASS opportunity for. druggist or
doctor: tine location for drugstore; good fix-
tures, counters and showcase; rent only $tiO:
business already established ; with tJ rooms
artd bath in rear 4 , elegantly furnWhed
throuRhou,t; everything complete for house-
keeping of * the be«t quality; price 51S<X».
CAMERON t CO.. 3 Kddy st.
FOR Fal» or trade — Quartz mines; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; a«ays $40 to $70 ton; trad*
fcr r:ng.-house or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort: fin?
groves; SB-room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for business; 20 acres land gees
with |eas«; raise own hay, vegetables: all
kinds of fruit; rent JfiOO p»«r year: equity In
this $25r0: <le a th In family' rau.<« of sale.
CAMERON' fc CO.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants In city: •
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day: will
bear Investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st. ¦
FOR sale — Ladies' furnishing and fancy goods
business: cheap rent; well located; estab-
lished 12 years; will Invoice $8000; sickness.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Bakery and delicacy store; rent $20:
5 Jiving rooms: established 8 years:' must
leave city: price to 'clone $250. CAMERON
* CO.. 3 Eddy »t.
lSf<0— FLORIST store: estab. 5 years: rent $1S;
2 living rooms: good location. Box 1400, Call.
SALOON for sale— $Sffl. Inq. 11 a.)m.. Golden
Easte Diet. Co.. cor. Pine and Montgomery.
DELICATESSEN and restaurant; first-class
location. Apply 414 Jones st.
FOR sale — Grocery and bar; $1100; good loca-
tion. Bos 1733, Call.
$3CC — CANDY and icecream store, 2333 Mission
st. Inquire at 270S Twenty-fourth st.
$10,000 CASH only: sawmill in good locality
for sale. Box 15SS. Call.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
If! r»f>«. in wrapper, for mulling. $1 per ve«r.
LOOGI>G-HOi;SKS KOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO. Phone South~105o!
J fc.ddy dt.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for RoominE-Houses. Hotels and
l,ot!<;iM; IinilSKV FOH SALE— Com.
MARION GRIFFIN. * " '
406 Hearst bldg... over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in "fine front office 1 ?.
Phone Black 3U07. or take elevator 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every rale.
We sell any house on 'our Installment plan.
RESPECTABLE," quiet and clean: II fin* large
rccms;. housekeeping- rent ¥40; clears J-il
monthly; price $700 See MARION GRIFFIN.
10 ROOMS. v "¦¦¦ : • . ,
'-•A --Rtoi-j- house "of 40 rooms; good furnish-
ings; all men roomers; rent $110: clears $150
monthly; reduced • to $,"»«00i easy to manasre.-
AIvo a-17-room hou^e on Van Ness
ave.: rent ?««; \ery little work for ' ' '
landlady; Hup appearing house.' insirie and
out: exquisitely furnished Inelegant-oak and
mahogany; rich Brussels enrpots; clears $100.
Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
ol LARGE sunny rooms; new building; straight
. n-oming-hcuse, see? Fine location, near.
Geary and Jones; eminently respectable:
make offer to my a«?e n t. MARION GRIFFIN.
20-ROOM house put down- to $1000: -clean
and /full; rent ?6O; clears $60 month;
sunny side of street. See MARION GRIFFIN.
Pl'.RFEi.'TLY appointed- r>0-room house In a
very central location, furnished elegantly
April. lf>OJ; electric elevator, electric lights;
hot v.-ater in -every room; 8-year lease; Income
$4!>C over rent; all large single rooms; room-
ers all business men.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406. Hearst bid.
SNAP this. ,9 rooms for • $250;
B rooms furnished; G blocks north of Market;
rent $35. Call af 2 p. m.' on '
1 ¦ " MARION GRIFFIN.
SO ROOMS. .--. ¦ ¦ ¦ *
Newly furnished 1 year ago: ' $3300;
full of men roomers; wide halls; lease;
very low rent: . MARION GRIFFIN.,
S\\ ELL transient house.
Beautifully furnished: extra fine hair mat-
tresses; new nnd modern building on sunny
corner;/ 24 rooms;- rent $1:15; price $2800;
worth $4000 as ' a money-maker. . -' * -
See MARION GRIFFIN.
100 ROOMS: runny corner; rent $125....$*500
112 rooms; clean* $350: low rent T. .$4500
B0 rooms: furniture nearly new $3800
.15 rooms; fine location, north of Market.$l)00
46 rooms; In Oakland: new; rent- $00. .
.12 rooms; %• cash: cheap rent.... $000
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st. ;
HOUSE. 25 rooms; furniture In good condition;
rooms all full;^ well rented: north of Market,
st. Box 41.'kS. Call office. . ' .
16 ROOMS; rent $80; water free; 2',4-year
lease; furnished new; make offer. '323 Taylor.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
ot advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 d. mt ' '
C F. ADAMS CO. > ',-
/ ¦: SPECIAL : CREDIT. STORE. _
We clothe the .whole family, from. hata. to
ehoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
¦ Credit for all. 31S Mason st. . .' ¦
CIiOTHIKQ 3EHOTATIWQ, '
SUITS cleaned " and * pressed; 11; scouring and
dyeing.' Bcn-Karche, 40 Ellis St.. ¦- room 14;
phone Drunim'44. Coll for and deliver free.
. CUBES KtrPTUBB.
WHO?— Hunter. 120* Market *t.: $100; rupture
cure for SIP: circular explains: send for one.
DKNTISTS.
DR. GRUSS, 510 Callaghan bids.. Market and
McAllister sts., uses the Basford. obtunder;
the ifinly, device ever Invented , for -grinding.
drilling and excavating teeth without pain..
. Call for" demonstration. Tel. ¦ Jessie 360ti.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market nr Eleventh
— No: charge for extracting when plates ars>
made; old plates made over, like new; teeth
from $S per *et: extracting 60c: gas given.
A NEW plate — Th« . Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrsr crown. $3 B0; fillings. 69c:
plates, $5: full set; all - work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
ELITE Dental Parlors. S3* - Market - st. ;. best
and cheapest office for all dental operations.
Pans Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 CO up; crowns. $2 up; fillings, 23c
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.W.lst
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor.' O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings 75r; silver. 35e; crowns.' $2: no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hpwltt.204 Sutter.
IJHKSj-'.MAKF.RS A>U SEAMSTRESSES
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting: double
stamps on' dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor: tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking &. Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1013 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL. >
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, best
, lighted and most delightful -place of business
• study In the entire West. . New; complete.
extensive departments. Thorough. Inspiring
' instruction. 75-page catalogue on .request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 801-
025 Golden Gate ave. • • • ., <
AYRES, tho leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket »t:; established 18 years; the school that
secure? positions for graduates; Just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free. -. J - - ¦
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
' F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A ~LARGER and better school than ever; enter
I E3iri.QYME>T WAXTED^-MAIJS^
I WANTED— Steady position on ranch; 20 years'
j ' experience with .cattle, "horses. . farming; am
'married* family ¦» children.' who will work.
Address G. H. B.. 2475 Post St.. San Fran-
cisco. . .. , - . -.'.... • .-. ¦>
WANTED— A, man with over. -20 years' ex-
r.trlence , In loa-gine, railroad construction
1 «nd timber estimating would like a position
as traveling agent to'look up timber land or
take charge of extensive logelntr operations;
references. Address C. box 11S7. Call office.
YOUNG M. E. want* position as draughts-
man: home work preferable; specialist on
gas engines 'and tool -designing; detailing
done neatly and correctly. L. NORDSTROM.
; 910 Pine st. ¦¦•... \ '
TAILORING business: all-round cutter, trim-
mer, salesman and window decorator wishes
I position: highest references; moderate wages
lit.x l.'UK). Call office.
STENOGRAPHER— Young man se?ks position
with mercantile or manufacturing house,
where energy and ability will count. Box
174r». Call.
YOUNG "man -wants position In office; good
penman, hottest and accurate; will work hard
for advancement; will start at moderate sal-
nry; can furnish bond. Box- 1302, Call office.
AN artist understanding > the' business would
like to renew old paintings: can patch up
cracks and holes and make it look like new.
Telephone Howard 3034.. ,
A FIRST-CLASS cabinet maker wants a posi-
tion in factory or furniture store. Box 1391,
Call office.
MAN of 35 wants work any part of 5 days In
week; employed evenings; small 'wages;
speaks Spanish. Box 1403, Call office.
BARTENDER, and first-class mixer from th*
East would like position; best references.
Box 55. 1008 Market st. "
JAPANESE, strong man. wants a position to
do cooking and general housework; $8 week.
'G.'AKI,-. 1303ft Castro st.
FIRST-class Chinese cook wants situation In
k hotel or boarding bouse; city or country.
•¦ 620 Dupont St.. Jewelry store.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list,
ed In our free renting department; over 1000
: In number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help. you to find a
place; we i;ever fall; service free.
- STERLING FURNITURE CO.,
• 1039 MARKET ST..
-.- OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES' and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free;; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
, trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
St.. on the square. .-* °
HBLP;>VA5TEq— FEMALE— Co».
S^C^^KsTGeTmaiTTamllles *S0 00
.Cook, Eureka, ,boardins-house. .. ., $40 00
Cook and second girl, same house. Sau-
sallto f3 rt . $20
Kitchen helper, bakery, uleep home ?6W
¦ Laundress, Menlo Park : . :' $.'!»> 0O
Cook for S clergymen, no washing.. J25 Co
Chambermaid & waltinR. country hotel. $25
Cook. hot«l.- country $-"-0 00
Nurse, 2 jrrown children MO CO
Housework. 4 In family. Belmont.. *.. .$-T> 0O
Colored srlrl. nurse 1 child : . . .$20 OO
Maid and seamstress, sleep home. . . ., .$30 0»
French cr German »eamatress-mald.hotel.$25
Pantry girl, institution ;«;;l»«
2 chambermaids, city $20 00
- chambermaids and laundresses, for re-
sorts . . ; $3f» 00
44 general housework girls, city and country,
— $2.'>, $50. Apply to ' " . -
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A MAN and wife for summer resort as cham-
• bermaid. waiting 1 and laundry work; party
can be- seen at this office to-day 10 o'clock:
wages $60. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter
WANTED — A young woman who is an experi-
enced dry goods wrapper. Arply betwten 9
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young tinman who is an experi-
enced art goods saleswoman. Apply between
0 and 11 a. m^ at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— A nurse for child about 2 years or
age; must come well recommendM and unin-
cumbered; good place for one who desires a
good home; state age, experience and salary
expected. Apply box 1416. Call office. !
$1 EVERY hour you work placing Allen'a
, Kushion Komfort Shoes; outsell everything;
no risk. Call or write Kushton Komfort
. Agency. 1233 Broadway Oakland. Cal.
A COMPETENT nurse for two children, one 20
months and other 5 years old; must have
city ref erences ; good wagea. Call 2121 Pa-
cific ave., between 10 and 2 or 5 and 6.
SALESLADY for perfumery and toilet depart-
ment. Apply superintendent's office, th«
Emporium.
A SECOND girl wanted to take care of baby
and do upstairs work; good home for right
party. ."Apply box 1413, Call office.
GIRL or woman assist or fcr housework; 3 tn
family. Apply evening. 1560 Fell st.
EDUCATED woman. $50 month salary guaran-
- tted. 637 Bush St., room (311. 9 a. m.-2 p. m.
A NEAT, tidy girl for general housework; no
cooking. . 21S Shotwell st.-
GIRIi for. general- housework; $25. Call 2367
Howard st.
YOUNG. girl for housework; 3 In family; no
washing; $15. Call 2172 Green st., ."¦ ¦/« .-¦•;
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD A
CO. Apply at factory. 49 Geary st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes, 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no objsct.
liottl; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS. .Marquette Building
<I.orj? Distance Telephone, "Central 2613.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE.
FTEPHEX B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Sauar*
BUSINESS OFFICE of tb« San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every nlpht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
:<v* MarVet ttreet. opposite Fifth; open until
11 I' m.
C27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
until 9:30 p. m.
Wt' Have» street; open until 9:30 p. no.
C3t McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. tn,
US 1.. rk:r. ttreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
1^41 Xlis-sicn etrret; ©5>en until 10 p. m.
CTtl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p m.
T"* Ele\cnth street: open until fl p. m.
JffJG Valencia ftr*et; open until 9 p. m.
Ncrthefcst corner Church and Duncan streets;
cp^n until 9 p. tn.
fi'dlllmrt corner of Twenty -second and Ken-
tucky freets: open until 9 p. m.
22W Fillmore etrret; cpen until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOIt THE SUMMER!
CAXiIt subscribers contemplattnr a
cfcarre of resifleace fitirinsr the cummer
months can have their paper forwarded
by xnail to their sew Address by notifr-
irr THE CALL Bueiness Office. This
caper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local
agent In all towns on the coast.
NEETINU NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodce of Perfecti'ii No. «
1". A. and A. S. R — No meeting THIS V\f
'WEDNESDAY* EVENING. B> or- /V\
Ccr of the Venerable Master.
CHARLES JELLINEK. Secretary.
MOL'NT Morieh Lodce No. 44. F. and »
A. M — < ailed mooting THIS AVEU- YY
NEfrDAH EVENING at 7 :3i.i o'clock.*/ >r\
First decree.
THEO. FROLICH, Secretary. -
CROCKETT Lodr? No. 139. 1". «n<l a
AS M.— Fin-t degree THIS (WED-.W
KESpXV) EVI'NINC at 7 :3<> B'jCtqck. /VS
By orJtr of t!i° AV. M.
n. H. McPUgggQSf. S»cretar>-.
BXCEXJSSOR Lodge No. 1««. F. and A. m
SI.— Third degree THIS <WXDNES- Y/
DAY) EVENING at 7. oVlrx-k sharp- /NrV
II. J. OWKN, Serrctary.
3JIf-SinN Lodge No. 1<», F. and A. «
M.— Call'd meetina THIS iWEUXES- VV
V^> EVENING at 7:3« o'clock. f^\
jiiird Uesrrec. - , .
R E. ALLAN, Secretary.
MItSION Lodce No. 1CT. F. and A. JS
M.— Officers and members are hereby
notffttd t» attend the funeral of our /\r\
d«xtHM<! »-rother. GEOItGE FRANCIS
IIANEHUa from the hall of this lodfe on
THURSDAY AFTERNOON at 1:30 o'clock.
By order of the W. M.
« R. H. ALLAN, iJecreUry-
THE EacecutUe Committee. Iteccji-
lion H. O. 1.. I < j. <). F.. *1U .-^Sb8«C!c.
!'•" PI Odd Frllows' h;:!ninc. ~-?"f!?£}~9
tocm 1. WEDNESDAV. April 'WtZlgr
Vi. hi p. m.
WILLIAM H. BARNES. Secretary.
NATIONAL Union. Calif or^%^
A— $750; PA LOON on Montgomery st. ; place
established years; owner clearing about $125
per month: investigate; a bargain. Call R.
G. WILKr. 2C4 Kearny gt.
A— $750: CORNER ealoon on Howard st. : «afe.
cash register, pool table, etc. ; rc-nt ¥30: 2
rooms; position of S2Oi» per month accepted
by owner cause of eale. R. G. WILKE,
Zti'j Kearny st.
A— $3000; CAFE and rrill room in cne of the
best located hotels of this city; rent $100: a
t-rlendid chance for an active young man
knowing his business; lease; liberal terms
given. Call R. G. WILKE. 2t>li Kearny et.
A— $::250; CORNER saloon on water front,: rent
$80. good lease; place established years; in
large brick building and doing an Al busi-
ness: disagreement of partners only cause of
tale. R. G. WILKE, 2fiH Kearny st.
A— $3000; CORNER saloon: close to Call bldg.;
3 years' lease; net rent $120; this is one of
the best ealoon locations in this city, and
a live man on clear $5<i0 per month. Call
H. G. WILKE. ¦!*«•« Ktarny st.
A — fl3"f>: CORNER cigar stand on Kearny:
rent 8*5; lease; a good business; come and
Investigate. R. G. WILKE. 26<i Kearny st.
A— 51100; SALOON, with 3 rooms; close to
Kearny and Bush st*. ; rent $75; lease; place
easily clears $200 per month; nice fixtures,
choicest stock of liquors. All particulars uf
R. G. WILKE. 26', 3 Kearny st.
A — $1750; CORNER grocery and bar on
O'Farrcll st. ; place kept by present owners
S years and doing a pood paying cash busi-
ness; fresh slock: \alue in tight. K. G.
WILKE. 2t>^ Kearny et.
A— $G50: CORNER bakery, with 4 living
rooms; about 2 blocks north of Market st.;
Kill be sacrificed If sold at once; owners to
leave city. Call K. G. WILKE. -_'«5'i Kearny.
A — $750; CANDY ttbre and Icecream parlors,
with ttitionery. etc.. un Devtsadero st. ; a
living rooirs; a splendid location and" pocd
business. See R. G. WILKE. 2ti>^ Kearny.
A— $1200: COFFEE saloon and bakery In
choicest location: rent .$!>0; daily receipts
about $70: a good business, but sickness of
owner compels Mm to retire. • Particulars K.
G WILKE. 'MM Kcarny st.
T. J. J DUNN & <X>.. 1312 MARKET ST.
BUSINESS SALES AGENTS.
Phone Howard 31CS.
ICECREAM, randy and coffee parlor, near
Chutes: ground rent ?25: 2'J years" \<-.\n :
owns buiidins. stock, furniture and fixture*-:
will imoice double the price. S7r,0. This it
aii offer that its seldom made. UC.N'N.
CIGAR stcre near new Postoffice; see us about
this at once. DUNN.
CLEANING work*; half Interest in good place
for sale in Oakland. DUNN.
WANTED— Partner; $3C0; to help advertise «i
money-making business; lady or gentleman.
DUNN.
PARTY with capital to buy Interest In lunch,
tupper and after theater cafe; excellent Ida-
tion: large ppace; long lease: rent moderate;
owner of property will spend $"0,000 In lix-
tures. Cox 1421. Call.
$350 SECURES Interest In light office work
whereby party can easily clear ?9O monthly:
references exchanged; experience not neces-
Miry: Ilv** man wanted; bena fide proposition
Particulars 1007'i Market st.. room 1. 4
BOOKS, stationery, etc. : $7500 stack In moun-
tain city; genuine bargain to cash buyer. See
manager. 10 to II a. m.. at Cunningham,
Curti«s & Welch; no brokers.
All Kinds of Business Chances.
ICS rooms; cheap rent; new and eicsrantly
furnished; up-to-date rooming-house:, has fine
bar, can be run in conjunction if desired; rare
chance for rlcht parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of the house: other business in-
teiests demand Immediate departure.
120 rooms; rent only $4 per room: new and
up-to-cJate house: al! men; electric elevator,
light-; long lease clears $«k» to $500 per
month; one of the best bu*-s In the c-lty.
19 renms: rent only $100: well furnished: lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
14 rooms: rent only *«0: oak furniture; Rood
carpets ; part cash, balance time; price $S50.
36 rooms; rent $3 f>0 per room: first-class
downtown locat!cn; Ions lease; thoroughly
renovated and j>ut in best condition: guaran-
teed, to clear over ?2C0 per month: fine oppor-
tunity for good Investment; price $2500.
20 rooirs; cheap rent; close in: thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
30 rooms; rent only SKK): oak and cherry
fur.; fine carpets; close in; fine money-maker.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartm^nt-
hcuse; luxuriously furnished; 5-year contracts
for ch'-ap lighting;, wand new building; clcar-
Ine $400 to $t!00 rc-r month; obliged to leave
city.
II room*; rent $40: close In: oak. <herry fur-
niture Brussels carpets; .loHrs $55 aver all
expenses; $4130 iash, balance time; snap; $700.
40 rooms ; elegantly furnished; rent only $250;
cak and mahozany furniture; CO boardera;
clearing $250 yer month; close in; fine buy;
price ttXOO.
0 rooms: sunny fiat; rent $50; oak. mahog-
any fur. ; obliged to leave city; reduced to $05O.
2S room?: elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; OoitLg flu* business; will trade for large
• apartment-house and pay cash difference.
7-room flat; rent $10: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $250.
1«2 rooms: most elegantly. appointed apart-
ment-liouse In San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern bulldlne: fine, entrance; cheap rent: clear-
ing S4CO per month; 5-ycar lease; part cash,
balance S per cent per year.
18 room?; rent 5»5; north Market; close in;
jro. A inuney-niaker; reduced Horn SlliOO to
$1100.
00 rooms; cart offices: elegant new building
«nJ lurnlture. high-class location: beautiful
halls: everything modern: first-class grill in
connection; best proposition in city; called
East.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
gced lease.
125 rooms; cheap rent; long lease: first-
class up-to-date downtown house: well fur-
nished: clearins $500 to $t;0O per month; must
sell on account of other business; only with us.
fc room*: fine upper flat; rent only $.30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear -investigation.
21 rooms; corner;' rent only $85; oak fur.;
good carpets, housekeeping; all full; clearing
*70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$l(J00.
f.O rooms: new; modern apartment-house; 10-
'year-lcaie; cheap renv; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
Sf'lKITHAI-ISM.
MRP. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
A business rned'm. read daily $1; dev'p'g class
Thuis. i. p.m.; tel. Geary 984; 100T.B G.G. ave.
*A— MATERIALIZING seance Wednesday eve..
32N Ellis St.; 5Cc.
MRS LESTER'S test circle 8 p. m., 10c; read-
ings dally. 25c and 50c. 122 Taylor st.
EDWARD EAR LE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
Blate-wrlter. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
. CLAIRVOYANTS.
THE FUTURE REVEALED.'
s- /THE PAST DISCLOSED,
-< THE PRESENT ANALYZED.
BY LIVINGSTONE,
. 428 Eddy st.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living page of Flammarion's treatises that
is so electrify Inc the world to-day. HE IS
NO IMITATOR. His work Is upon original
lines: PURE THOUGHT. CLEAR VISION.
He TELLS YOU WHAT YOU DESIRE TO
KNOW, AND WORKS. IN. THE OPEN
LIGHT, AND IS AS. CONSPICUOUS FOR
ITS WONDERFUL OCCULT' ANALYSIS AS
IT IS FOR ITS ORIGINAL EXPRESSION
AND VIVID TRUTHFULNESS.
A lest reading Is not a life reading. Whtn
>ou call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
Kive you a full life readlng-for-$li A test Is
of little value when the mind Is troubled —
you -need' more substantial aid ' and advtet.
This is Just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE
gives you when you call on him for a flrst-
class clairvoyant reading. He asks you nr*
questions, but tells you what you wish to
know.
He does not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
. with the facts in your case.' ' Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyse the matters that are
troubling you, find the cause of 'trouble and
succest the remedy.
remember the number— 12S EDDY ST.
Hours, 10 a. m. to S p. m.
ASSURED SUCCESS FOR YOU.
Call al once and save $4.
111? famous $5 reading; this week -for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
No charge - No charge
Unless you obtain the information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant" and
palmist ever In San Francisco.*
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge, if I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation ar.d what you called for; I tell you If
husband, wife or "lover Is true or false: who
and when you will marry; how to gain the love
of the one you desire; "In fact.'M will tell "ou
every hope, fear or. ambition better than you
can tell ycurs?lf ; his advice is reliable, his pow-
ers are wonderful and ! indisputable; he Im-
proves your character so that- you will reach
the hljshest possible development In mental
vigor health, happiness -and capacity to earn
wealth: the controlling power implanted in
your nature, eo ycu can change the Intentions,
actions or habits of. any one secretly; cures
disease and lost vitality: gives advice on min-
ing, and burled treasures; gives you success In
life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing for his sei vices.
10 a. m. to S p. m.; Sundays. 2 to 6.
326 — O'Farrell street — 326.:
1SMAR. the Egyptian, gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at. 1104 Market
St.. cor. Turk;- private readings daily. 10 a.
m." to 6 n. m. ; readings by "mall as satisfac-
tory as In uerEon; 3.questlons answered, $1;
lull life. $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of. birth; don't- send currency: send, postof fice,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
at once If you desire a good position: oregg
shorthand Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market st.-. • ] ¦ " ¦ '..¦-¦
LEARN SPANISH in'^ months; classes, in
French and Spanish ?5 a month. %¦ ' .-. *'..
B F. '- AMES. -Teacher of Languages, •
' 26S Golden Gato ave.. cor. ¦ Hyde st.
ENGINEERING— Civil* elec. mln., merh.; eur-
vey assay, cyanide; day. ev.; est. : 1864. ¦ Van
der-Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sun.;
classes' Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of- Dancing, 1556 Market, nr. Larkin.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters an<l be com-
petent stenographers.. 1382 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College ;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arith.,
spelling, writing, etc.; day. eve.; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mlfies&Electrlcity. 24 Post
St.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. . Special catalogue free.
SPANISH — A practical and progressive methud.
It A FA EL SERRANO. S30 California, r. 4.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 828'Halght st.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION— S>a7 and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine tt.— Night class.
PIANO lessons, 25c half hour.- MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission: nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES." '¦/'
GEORGE AOKlT^Sl^Post stT; tei.XBusBTlSS^-
¦ Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help; etc.
A — OHPIIEUM' Employment " Office— "Japanese-
_ Chinese help. 42« Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
FRITZ'S. Emp. Office; Japanese and. Chinese
help. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 16S.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; jlaln 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; cstab. 20 years.
Tel Main 1O'.)7. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMEXT WAKTKP— FE3I ALB.
AT SOS Mason st.— MRS. WALSER; tel. Black
1533— First-class cooks, best of ref., ?30-$:«i;
man. and wife to cook, minlnjr" camp." T$5u;
German w., cooking and light housework. 2
'in fam., $15; lady to take charge of statiun-
. ery store, ref.; stenographers, bookkeepert-,
cafihiers; man and wife, country, cham., wait.
A GOOD German girl would like a position to
do second work or to take care of children;
wages $20 to $25. Call at 3115 Seventeenth
"St., corner Folsom. • ¦ •"
PLACE tor upstairs work or assist In general
housework or go traveling .with a family.
. -119 Grove St., near Octavia..";
COMPETENT; woman wishes situation; Is a
.first-class cook; city or country." 508 Jessie
*t., near -Sixth. V : . . .
WOMAN wants housework and light • washing
by the day. 121',4 Greenwich st.
WOMAN with a child, good cook, .wants worK
on ranch. 324- Mason St.; phone Black 2300.
NURSE- girl wants to go to summer resort: $15
to $20. 324: Mason st.; phono Black 239t$.
RELIABLE lady would care for private home
during absence of. family for home privileges
or take charge of respectable rooming-house;
capable, experienced: references. Address for
two days box 1392, Call . office. -
A REFINED young woman desires a position
/as managing housekeeper. In 'first-class hotel,
or .will take charge of awldower's home; no
1 objectiona to- leaving city; references.' Box
EIGHTEENTH, near Valencia— New flat, 5
rooms and bath; all modern Improvements.
Sixth, near Bryant— Two flats of 4 rooms
each: $7 50 each. Apply to G. A. LEROUX.
, 20 ;New Monteomery st. .'.¦'-¦•¦ ¦ -i- *- <"'.--: .-
A— WASHINGTON. 3129. near Baker— Upper
flat: 7 rooms and bath: light and sunny;
yard. SPECK & CO.. 20D Montgomery st.
A— STEINER. 117, near Duboce Park— Middle
flat: S . rooms, bath; sun all day; snap.
. SPECK & CO.. 2C9 Montgomery et. •
WANTED — Party to share a modern. flat, vi-
c ant May 1; rent $35; nine rooms. Call at
.1303U Waller st. for particulars.
$12 50 — ELLIS st., 8 surmy rooms, modern; $25,
sunny corner, 8 rooms, bath. . PATTERSON,
room 202. : Examiner building. .
A NEW modern flat of 6 rooms and bath;. rea-
sonable to responsible party. 828 Harrison st.
ELEGANT punny corner top flat; rent reason-
able to responsible party. 799 Cole st.
FLAT. 332 ' Oak st. — 5 rooms and bath; large
basement. ...
MODERN flat.- 5'r."&-b... yard, basement; fash-
ionable; water free; rent"S27 50. 0309 Clay.
DOWNTOWN" modern -sunny flat; 9 * rooms,
bath: evtry convenience. 038 Post, nr. Hyde.
TWENTY-SECOND, 3554, near Dolores — 5
. rooms ami bath: double parlors; rent $15..-
GREEN. 206i> — Stinny English '.basement', flat;
bay view; 7. rooms, bath; lawn. rear. '.
LIBERTY, 79— New, 6-room and bath flat;
reasonable.- ¦ - ; -.._- "....... — . -•...-.
$13 — UPPER flat of 4 sunny rooms; 27 Pearl
ot.. off Market, near Valencia.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
FOR sale— 3-rooni furnished flat;" bath; reason-
able rent; cheap for cash; Geary, near Polk.
Pox 13S7, Call office. .
TWENTIETH. 4230. near Castro cars— Nice
sunny 5-room parlor flat; good view; $30.
FOLSOM, 047— Lower part- of house; complete;
piano. . .-¦ » ¦ ¦ . • . .
FURNISHED flat. 7- rooms; 726 14th St.;
north of Market; modern flat; «carpets new.
.EOUTH PAItK; 79— Furnished upper, flat or
5 rooms; rent reasonable.- » Apply 1:30 to 5.
FLATS- FOK SALE-Fl'RMSHED.
NICE sunny corner flat.- 6 rooms, furnished: a
bargain. -224 Townsend St.. bet. 3d and 4th.
NICELY furnished flat. 6 rooms and bath, "for
gale; rent cheap; $325. SOI Fulton st.
FimXITURE i FOIt SALE.
FURNITURE— Lady who Is leaving city will
sell • very reasonable new modern . furniture
of 4 rooms. Apply from 10 a. m. to 7 p. m..
1518« Broadway., near Van Nmj ave.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, stoves and
household goods; flats bought. Mission Auo.
House, 429-43S* Valencia; tel. ; Church 3870.
FURNITURE of 5 rooms for. sale cheap; rent
reasonable. . Apply 813 • Folsom . st.. | upstairs.
A *i BEDROOM set for sale cheap at • 625
Ilalght st. .-.."-
, FURNITURE AVAWTED.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 781.
.Don't sell;your furniture, carpets, office fur-
COMPETENT airl for cookinK and some house-
. work. Call bet. 10 and 12, 2203 Buchanan.
WANTED — 2 good sewers for dressmaking.
Room 62, 6 Eddy st. * . \
ADVERTISEMENTS. «ubscriptlons received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church st*.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at-1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
" Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WANTED — MALK.
MURRAY & READY. "^STKe^CUjT^t
PHONE MAIN 584*.
Leading Employment. and Labor Agents.
EVERY EMPLOYER OF HELP
FURNISHED with first-class skilled and
unskilled help. " ¦¦ ¦¦
EVERY MAN WANTING WORK,
If competent to fill position, YOU CAN
HAVE IT
IN OUR OFFICE
ALL MEN ARE EQUAL — NO DISTINCTION
WE SPEAK
SPANISH. SWISS FRENCH.
GERMAN. GREEK. ITALIAN.
IN 1803 we gave During 1304 we hop*
work to 60.000 men. to Increase 60,000
YOUR FARE FREE. LOOK— FREE FARE!
. .TO STATE OF NEVAI>A
If you stay four months. THAT'S ALL.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
265 two-horse teamsters, $60
l.%6 laborers: you'll suit: $*Xl eVj -
..95 drillers., rock men. hammermen;- $75. ¦ —
12 machine drillers, $30. . . • .»
Eight hours' work dally: hundreds golnf;
ARE YOU? '
-. : -SI-FEE— THAT'S ALL— $1.' - -
ARIZONA.- . ARIZONA.
Center of W^» t mines, land of sun-hine.
; • , :* BIG . WAGES.
01O miles, 910.
255 teamsters laborers, drillers, etc.. $2 U»
$3 50 day
CLOSE TO PRESCOTT.
IN CAUFORNI A—
25 laborers. . big mine company. $75. 157 80t
12 machine > miners, gold quarts, $90. .'
18 muckers, gold quartz $67 50.
TO FARMS.' DAIRIES. ETC.
. 126 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, "all
over California. $25 $2«. $3O. $35 and fd.
35 good teamsters.- $20. $3O and found ¦
. 5B milkers, located everywhere. $30. $.1S. fd.
12 buttermakers. separator tenders, "etc./ $40
and found; 13 choreboys, men. etc.. $15, J20,
¦ $25. $30 and found. ' -".
CHOREMEN, GARDENERS. STABLEMEN.
18' stablemen, city, country, $35 fd. to $73;
12 coachmen, choremen and roustabouts, $25
and $3O and found. ¦
.» gardeners, some vegetable, some flowers,
$3« • found. . . -
-.. . MECHANICAL. -
6 coopers:. 2 machinist!*, $3 23 day; machtn*
blacksmith's helper, *75; 3 tallymen, lumber
comjiany, «3 day; planer and sticker bands,
S3 day up. *:.
Carriase blacksmith. 90c fare,. _$3 day.
12 blacksmiths, different Jobs.
2 brick loaders, exceptionally good job, $2 5O.
WOODCHOPPERS.
255 men to cut wood all over California.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
18 cooks for hotels, saloons, mines, cafe*.
ranches and summer resorts. $30, $40. $50
and $60 and found.
18 waiters, different Jobs, $25. $30. $35 fd.
12 dishwashers. $2t>. $25 and $3O and found.
2 bellboys, first-class hotels. $15 found.
'3 hotel porters.- $20. $25 found.
(Took, baker, small shop, country. $55 found.
2 bakers, 2 helper*. $H>. $3O. $50 found.
LAUNDRYMEN.
12 laundrymen. different classes of work.
Amalgamator. $00; mlllman. $00l r'f.r*
1 machine miners, $90: concentrator. $30.
Carriage painter: sticker hand. $1 day.
18 laborers, lumber yards. $60.
n-r. • ..u^c.i. morts 10- -i>» »•* "%^
- NIGHT »t Pioneer Hall. >- f Tjr*
Fourth Et.. at 8 ©"clock. /^
Visiting- friend* cordially lnvit-<!: initiation.
By ordei <;. BEN DEL. President.
. C. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary. ,:., ¦
KOTICE of annual meeting of Mercantile Trust
Company of San Francisco— The regular an-
nual meeting of the Stockholders of the
Mercantile Trust Company o? Kan Francisco
*-ill «* beld on WEDNESDAY. April 27.
1»G4. «t 12 o'clock noon, at the office of
The company. 464 California street, San
Francisco. California, for the purpose of
electing a Beard of Directors to «erve for th«
en»-j:iig year, and for the transaction of such,
other business as may come before the meet-
ire • •
Transfer bookn t«-111 close on Saturday,
Arrl! 16, 1904. Bt 12 o'clock noon.
Dated Acrtl 11. 1004.
JOHN D. McKEE. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the sliarr holders of
¦ the S-an FrancUco Gas and Electric Com-
pany for the election of directors and the
tramactlon of cuch other business as may
ccme before It will be held at the office of
ihe company. 415 Port st.. In the city of San
Frar«i*>o. Cal.. at 1 :30 o'clock p. m.. April
26. 1TO4 The transfer books of the com-
. r«ny will be closed from April 10 to and in-
cluding April 26. 1004.
?Siynec* CHAS. L. BARRETT, rec.
, Dated Ssn Francisco. April 12. 1904.
ANNUAL MEETING— The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the El Rico ilinlnr Com-
I>«ny will be held on MONDAY, the 2d day
of May. 1904. at the hour of 2 o'clock in the
¦ fternocn. at the o'flce* of the said company
229 Crocker building, city and county or e^n
Francisco. State of California. 8. D. WOODS
Secretary. Dated April 18. in04.
' ; ¦ ; AGENTS WAXTED. ~~
rOCR agents. S2 to $4 per day. &30 Golden
Oxte «^e.. room 12. ;
ASJvrRT.rsEKErrr WBrxxsro.*
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
of property three 540 scholarships in th* l>est
Cc!I»f«: ol Advertising in the United States.
I. will ««J1 them at 25 per txr.t discount for
catb: the «.r>ll*re tearhes advertl«in«r wrlt-
lnc Vy oorrespondencc and assists Its grad-
. uatei, »o. -tecure- pccltlon*: catjUocues fur-
• -ii>K».1 r>ti nrT'M^Btlon. A-Iiyres* i>o» :tO?tt. Call.
I . a.i;tojh>iiii,ks.
* SDCCXD-HAND ' autcmobtles In first -clan
• shape fer esle cheap. Inquire at 20 Golden
. Ci»te »>¦;.; phene Howard K71.
"ATTOlt.MCYi>-AT-LA\V.
' Columbian L&w & Co!l. ' Agcy.. r. '85. 91«
,M*!»»t-);%Phorie . John . «;22f»: ,cpen -evenings;
•.:a:i;a:'.% at meet reasonable "lates* all legi*-
itiil" !*;w bstflnees: bonds lurnit.hcd in irim-
;i;j| oinJ .civil. ca*e»; t>i.mll coliecCons tsicen.
UI\'OrttT--- Coets. ; 512: quick.* quiet; advice
Xr<-e; oj'cn evtclne*. C27 Market ct., rni. 301. .
j\ unuL&ivi siore ior edic; sooa iimiiy iraae;
owner retiring from businexe: rent reason-
able; 15 years in business. Owner. 1231 Park
¦t., Alaxneda. Cal.
FOR SALE— A small hotel. furnished, on
Beach Mill. Santa Cruz; also furnished cot-
tsr«> fcr rent. Address "J. S.." 6« Wash-
ington rt.
WANTED — To leas* a country preferred.
Box 4113.' Call office. .
HORSESHOEING, general blacksmith shop:
low rent, large shop: stock, tool* for tile
ehcap: part cash; must, i-ell: owner «lck.
Pacific Bustne-s Association, 11 48 Market «t.
jisno— BEST-PAYING wholesale . and retail
candy store in city; full. value: must cell to-
day. BROOKBANK. 817" Market et.
PARTNER by Alaska miner 'who »s going there
i>oon: party mutt have some: money. Inquire
739 Hyde ft. ' »' ' ' -'¦'• ''
$250 — HALF Interest tn massage bus(t>ess: good
locality; would cell whole • If .required. 764
I j rkin «t. .
BAKERY at a bargain if sold this week; s!ck-
ness cauce of melllns: baking 10 barrels a
week; rent $&>. 176 Second «t. .'•
$550 — ESTABLISHED business; money refund-
ed If not satisfactory. 510 Telegraph ave..
Oakland. *
$1950 — GROCERT and - bar; horse and w icon
and llvlrg rooms attached;. In W#s»ern Addi-
tion; for Rale.-' Bos SOS4, Call office.
WANTED — A ceneral merchandise » tore In n.
email town In California: mining town pre-
ferred. Box -301.1. Call oTfice.
WANTED^ — To buy.« kay.and craln business
eltl^r whole or half Interest. Addrest. with
partlculcrs. box 357S. Call office.
SlOiXl — DELICACY-Hore: average receipt* over
M'2 W» »-.- -rtiy: best location in city. Bo*
418.?, Cail office. - _^
FOK tale — Coffee and .chop, house, with eaih
register. $93. 642 Commercial st. .
GERMAN or American partner with $1000;
nug. business; $200 month. Box 1351. Call.
WANTED — Grocery and bar: good . nelghbor-
huod. .Box 13SS. Call.
$175— FINE corner cigar eta r.d: . fine stocK;
tood trade; eee owner. 118 Third st.
A GOOD Investment for ir.an or woman. Per-
fume Palace. . 775 Market st;
PARTNER wanted with email capital; excel-
lent chance for reliable party.. Box 1402. Call.
FOR »ale — D»1!catf?scn- store «n a ¦ prominent
etrcet: ccod trade. Uox "C27. .Cell efflce."
WANTKD — A ¦" delicatessen stcrc; well estab-
lished. _Box_4£47._CaIl_orfl£s ; ____^ , v ; .
WANTED — To'buy a dairy. with pasture and
,. Ktock; give full ¦ particulars. Box 4131. Call.
WANTED — Good, carpenter-as partner; plenty
' wcrk. . 3373. Eighteenth st.
17 rooms; Kills Bt. : rent $70: oak furniture,
Axmir.ster carpets; fine condition: clears $80;
Cne little buy.
150 rooms; beautiful corner; 3 and 4 room
apartments: grand marine view; new and mod-
ern throughout; most elegantly furnished houss
In city: cail tor terms and particulars.
CO rooms; cheap rent; new and beautifully
furnished; modern building; close, in; full of
nice people: '• cash, balance low Interest.
75 roc-m*: grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished: rhean rent: 10 years' ¦ lease :¦ close In;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance
8 i-er ctnl per annum; departure.
33 rooms; cheap rent; good leaie: beautifully
furnished; new modern building; very central:
all full; little gem of a house; leaving city.
180'rocnis: grand new modern •apartment-
houee: elegantly furaisbed and equipped; cheap
rer,t; fine lease; paying $500 to $000 per month;
close in; full nice pecplc; bargain if. taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
13S rooms; downtown cemrrereial hotel: 8
years' lease; cheap rent; elegantly, furnished:
cne of the btst opportunities to secure flrst-
cla*s hotel: owner has other . business: part
rash, balance time. .
A— CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.
Phone Black ttOOl. 77" «,» Market st.
— Bank References — ¦
Any HouBe Sold on Easy Terms. .
A — Buyer's Guide. Bring. this ad. with you.
A — 7-ROOM fiat.' nicely -furnished: clears $25;
price $300; Vj cash. CAL. INVESTMENT CO.
A— 10 ROOMS: good furnishings; N. of Market
location: bargain; $400. CAL. INVEST. CO.
Ar-SPECIAL; 18 rooms; newly furnished: on I
floor; grand location: clears $80 with 3. rooms
reserved: price $2000. CAL. INVEST. CO.
A — GEARY et.;- 14 rooms. Onely furn.; money-
maker: choice bargain; $1000. Cal: Invest. Co.
A— 50 KOOMS:' new and beautifully furnifhed:
private- baths; • grand "location: clears $300:
$3500 cash will put you In possession; don't '
overlook this. CAL. INVESTMENT CO.
A— 88 . ROOMS on - 1 floor; - nicely , furnished.
,¦ newly painted: clears $125: nice loc; rent
$110; price $1000. CAL. INVESTMENT CO.
MITCHELL & 'CO. .-"... V."....Pnono Jess!e~2381
• I'-'Otf Market st.. opposite Sixth.*. - • •
NOTICE. ".'•..
We have" apartment-houses, rooming-houses
and. flats 1 to exchange. Call and examine our -
list. '-¦¦¦¦'• , - - . ¦ : ¦,-¦ ' ¦-'.- . -¦ ' -
1C-HOOM " house. .- close _ In.'* cheap : rent, ' good
lease, no vacant rooms, fcr 51200;- payments
'rnorithijv'Address box 1 2760, Call' office, v-
LODGING-HOUSE. 2S rooms; near ¦ Van Ness
ave. • Box 5052.' Call of flee. - '¦ w>-; ;v . >
A 19-ROOM lwardlng-hou«e, full r, of .boarder*
and 15 day boarders. . (563 < Howard ist;; ¦'.'
TAYLOR, .31S — 12 well-furnished rooms' and
¦" bath clears $40 and your 2 rooms; reasonable.
MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant, medl-
. uni and card reader;. born with a double veil
and second (sieht; tells past, present and fu-
ture; ladies, SOc; gents, by cards. $1; palm-
istry, and. clairvoyant sittings $1 50. J12
Mason st.. rear Geary. : - ' '• ¦
A—Miss M. Wille. 460 Geary, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
nh.it you called for without. asking a ques-
t:on. names slven; npccial. $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS Z pi DAR. young, gifted, clalr. and palm.;
has -second - sight: - a wnndwful "prophetess;
names; 1. 00c," g. $1.' 714 Franklin.nr.G.G.ave.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly,
advice given on all affairs of life; satisfac-
tion guaranteed; 25c up. - ; - 17-3d,-'next Exam.
Mrs.A.H.Krcnenberg.palmlst. .clairvoyant, card
. readcr;when others fall trv r..e: good readings
r 10c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkin 4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vlce: name* given; -25c. up. ; 835 Howard st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card ¦ reader, re-
I moved from 132 .to i 23% Cth;. 1. '25c, g. 50c.
OLDEST lady- palmist and card.'reader In city.
26'/i Kearny, room. 20; -.ladles 23c: gents 50^.
MISS WARD elves name*, dates and facts;
. readings dally;^not open Sundays.. 917 Market.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader ;.X ladles 25c;
Rents 50c; hours 10 to I). : 120 Sixth St. . - '
MRS. BAUMANN.'cthe 'well-known fortune-
tvller. la now at 317 .Ellis. st. . '¦
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant,? card reader, sit-
tlnirs dally. 44S 1 /, Jessie st.. bet. Bth and 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The, Weekly Call,
; "lfl p*Kcs.- In wrapper.. for niailinc. $1 per year.'
CAUPBT BLiATlXG; AND CLEANING.
CoMl'HKisED air. and vacum system, now
universally ..used in .cleaning - carpets on
floor; without ¦ removal : - price . moderate; S.
;f: Compressed A*r. Cleaning Co.. 308 Mar-
ket. st;; tel. Main, 152.1 Bush 475. <-..
WHEN -you become disgusted with ..you' work
send tor SPA ULD ING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
. Ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
AT I MITCHELL'S.*t24O Fourteenth «t., ': clean-
. . Ing &, laying done. reaaonably. .Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN , Carpet, Cleaning Works.' 1800 Har-
¦ risen st. : ' Al* cleaning; 3c* - :Telr Mission ,325."
CONKLIN'S ¦: Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
-. 333 Golden : Ga^e : avel ;; telephone *. East :¦ 120.
HOPKE, BROS. Y excellent carpet beating; mat-
' tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.' ¦
ADVANCE^ Carpet CleanlngiCo.. 402. Sutter, at.;
: tel. .Maln i 304.- ; GEO. .WALCOM& CO.. Props.
RUDOLPHS CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
r?asf»ratle. 17ft3 Harrison eU: tel.Mlsslon 203.'
'^¦^^-i^^^^^gyjpj^s^^^'cji'
BAD j tenants ! ejected'* for * $4; i collections I made;
• ¦ city .' cr '. country.'^: Pacific f Collection : Co..' 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10;> tel. Main 5580.
. 1297. "Call office. ' . . .
A WOMAN wants 3 days' washing and Ironing
or cleaning to do a week; Thursday, Friday
and Saturday.- ¦ Call or address Laundress
fi.'S Mission st.
WOMAN, wants work by the day; washing,
ironlnK and housecleanlng; $1 25 a day. Ad-
dress box 13S4, Call office. .
WOMAN wants work by the day; experienced
¦ laundress; washing:'. Ironing ; and cleaning.
* Box 1406. Call office. ;
AMERICAN woman -wishes houseRceper*s po-
. tillon or cook on ranch. MHS. FAIRBANKS.
¦ Cotatl,' Sonoma County, Cal. . 7
YOUNG lady wants position In office; good pen-
man,' accurate at figures; moderate salary;
can give finest references. Box 1628. Call: -
STENOGRAPHER. . expert operator:; accurate
and reliable: law and general work: city
reference*. .' Box 351S, Call office.-
AN experienced German girl wants place' for
cooking; $30 to $"5. Box -1408. ¦ Call office. .
YOUNG- woman v wants position as working
_housekeeper.' i324 ; Mason ; phone Black 23W.
CHILD'S nurs*Vtake entire charge, wants posl-
.. tion. 324 Mason st. ; phone ; Black , 2396. •: '¦ , ¦ .
A WOMAN for housework and cooking." Call
• at 111 South Park. -. \ •¦;
SPANISH cook," female, wants " a position. ¦ In-
. quire lSJi Sherwood place.
WOMAN I wants s situation , caring • for- Invalid
MRS. HOWE.' 312 Minna st. \
JAPANESE: :nlccT girl; .'wants '-position: to. do
cooking and housework In family. M." T,, 1109
?t Pierce st. Tel.- Scott 17S5. _
ADVERTISEMENTS?, subscriptions received at
. Call branch ufflce; cor.~ Du,ncan & Church sts.
WANT adsi ani : subscriptions' taken"; for "The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. <«:{ McAllister I'st.--*-
f;ji EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.''
•WANTED— By ; experienced : , night * watchman.
: ¦;•¦ position ' in ¦, factory; ' warehouse or • wholesale
.\hou6fi: first-claes references.* Address *J." V.
-QUENTIN. 3121 Sixteenth St.. S., F. 1.
jTOUNG ; man i would like work lo. country; un-
. derstands- caro ; of- horses and garden. •' Box
-13S5, Call" office., ' : , .
PLUMBER. (licensed) -wants work by 'the day
V' or.week f rom : property,; owner; has fall' nec-
i ; egsary • shop- tools. : . Box : 1452. c Call -office. *— ¦
AN experienced glazier j wants .work here in the
city. ' Address box 1303. Call fof fice. ,. . : ,
1 YOUNG -German', (Hannoveraner) 'wants ? posl-
: tion in a grocery store. R. : B., :;05 ;Noe ¦ st.
A SOBER middle-aged man : wants steady em-
ployment- of ' some • kind; ' good worker • Box
¦ :; 1253. Call office. : ¦ : ..-". .-- -. t- ° *
BAKER'S experienced, good 'driver.
V . wishes • position : country preferred ; \ best • ref -
erences. -. Box 1432. Call office. 1 - •--.'¦ -•••-¦ ¦ ••
' ntture, etc., until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
' niture, carpets, etc' 782 Mission: tel. Bush 467.
A. L. STORP.S pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc.; tel. Larkin 3631. 634 Ellis.
A. WOLLPERT. .773 Mission, phone Red 4162.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture.- carpets.
B. T. SCHELL. 2412 Mission, tel. Church 6570.
pays best prices * for furniture, carpets, etc
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
¦ BURP. auctiomer.lSlS Mkt.-.tel.Howard 2756.
HELP , WANTED— KKS1ALB. .
A LAUNDRESS for private, family; wages $30;
- place in city: no shirts,' collars or cuffs.
A -second tfrl -for- sood' place in -city, $25.
A second girl for ¦ Oakland, wascs $150.
A cook with . some' knowledite of German
cooking,. for a first-class city place. $40. ¦. •
/ A . girl for ¦ chamber work* and sewin g, j city,
$.25. :....-¦ • .: '-_, - -, • '
20 good housework girls. . ojty and ! countrj'.
i $25 and $30. :;/•; ¦ MISS PLUNKETT. ¦
> ..• - •. 425 Sutter st.. near Pqwell.
A NURSE. $30; 2 - cooks. ' $35 each';- 4 second
-- girls, $25 and- $30; laundress, -hotel. $30; 6
housework gtrls, .$30 and $35: woman with a
child, keep house 'for: one man.. $15; ranch
cook • $30: a housework girl for light "work.
2. In. family, $20; middle-aged woman "light
.work. $15. MRS^NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
AT 508 Mason. MRS. WALSER. Tel. BIack~1533.
Good plaincook;' no-washing: German. ..$30
Cook and housework. -3 in family ..$30
• Cook and housework. .4 ; In family.'...' $30
Housework, no cooking; 4- adults... .. ...$15
' Nurse girl. 1 child -G -years; refs.; German. $20
A— WANTED— Girls to . learn lialrdressing.
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
> . in 2 .weeks; $5" to those entering. now; 3 po-
• Biticns to fill ¦ immediately; positions guaran-
. teed at $10 per week up;» leading school In
• West. . 233 - Geao'.st..: room 13.
A— Girls to learn millinery ¦ now | for spring • sea-
son: both seasons taught from start t« iliiish
in I montb , for $15; positions as trimmers
• . salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up-
I . day. and evening clasa. 143 Stockton st.. r. IS.
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdressinc
trade.', manlcurlnjr." mas^ase.'' ete. 123U Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at . highest wages ; day and eve. class: call.
-YOUNOvglrls who have experience in wrapping
dry goVds and -underwear: .steady po«itlon> •
f $25,monthf I.-MAGNIN-& CO., 40-53 Ellis.
WANTED— Experienced ' salesladies - In ."chil-
:dren> hats and caps. /.'Apply at once ¦ S V
WOOD fc CO.. .740 Market at. ' "'
-WANTED-^ Pants : finishers. Apply "- at 'once ; at
S. N. WOOD & ¦-. CO.'S.' 40 : Geary «t.
.WANTED— Pants, operators." Apply at -once"
• ' S.i. N. yCVOOD & CO.. 43 Geary *t. ,; U* \
FINISHEWi on t coats '.wanted.' ' 27 .'Geary; «t.
~.\s:; N.^wpop &:co.-. •; - - v.- - .'
PROTESTANT -girl wanted; general help; flat-
, 'sjood \wages. ! 3803 CIay ; et. \ '
12 boys, box factories. $00.
Double-cut band sawyer, 1. co.. $5 day..
2*«track foremen, private R. R.. $."! day.
1G sheep herdera. good -Job.- $25, $30. $V» tS.
Milker and wife. $60.
-Foreman, carpenter. . fare $1. $( day.
"Walter, officers' mess, mine, $30 and found.
BAKERS.
1st baker, .second hnkrr.' fare $1. $7>Tt. $45 fd.
MURRAY & READY. «S4-e^»5 Clay st.
25 R. n. LwVBORKR?. fiW farr. c«U early.
GOLD OUARTZ MINES.
23 laborers. ' fare $2 »<». $tf7 f<»>. -7 i
& tlmbermen; 5 machine miners. $30.
I ns Idc . a nd Ou ta'd* * Wnrk .
25 laborers, you'll suit. $B7 50 to $7S.
.MURRAY.* READY.. t2S»-6S« Clay. st.
L.\UNDRYMAN and wife. $6O and round: 4
men and -wives for ranches and prirate fam-
ilies. . $40, $45 . and $60 and found: laborer
and teamster. $r>0 month: blacksmith an<i
horse shoer. $2 50 day and board: . mllknrs.
¦ $30. $G5 and -^40 and .found: wajron-maker
_ for country., $50 and found: carriage ' smith.
.. $3 50 day: farmers: laundrymdn. $35" and
found;- 4 . boardlns-ho.use cooks.* $40 and Wi«
and found; rcstuurant second cobk.-$16 week;
hotel-and restaurant waiters. *.1rt and found;
:. club' waiter. : $45; --kitchen men and- others.
J. F." CKOSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
AT THE CALIFORNIA* EMP. 'AGENCY.
Near Call bid.; 14 -Third .St.; phone Buah'lOS.
¦NEVADA. --
GOVERNM ENT r WORK : S HOURS,
Teamsters, laborers- «n4 drillers. $2 te $2 5O
a day; ship daily;' farer" refunded; 2 years'
work. «". . -' ¦¦:'- . - - -_-
4 ranch hands. Sonoma County, - $28 and fd.
'¦ Baker for Nevada, $50 and lound.
Assistant bartender. . $35 and board.
'. 3 carpenter*. $3 50 a day.
•CAL.: EMP.^AGENCY.- U Third st. "
- AT CONTRACTORS'- AGENCY. . '¦¦¦
BJ THIRD ST. Telephone Main 5521.
- Ranch hand. . Santa Clara Valley. $30 and
. found: 10 ranch hands, Sonoma County. : $-"U>
'- and found; stableman, city. $17 5ft. a week;
cook, city boardlnn-house. • $40 and found.
• Teamsters f or • Nevada ....; .;....'. .$225
Laborers for Nevada:. :'...;... :v... .;....-. $2
..¦..• ' HORD & SMITH. - - -'-
'A— WANTED, for wholesale house, "a brisht.
energetic bastneMi and office man; must be a
«:ood correspondent; $125 to start. Apply to
\C. R.-HANSEN in person. 429 Bush st.
A— HOTEL cook and wife, short distance in
* the country: z*xl place; $70. C. R. HAN-
SEN •&. CO., 42» Bush st. - .
A DISHWASHER' for. country hotel: ste*»«ly
Job; $W a month; fare paid. ¦ MISS PLL'NK-
.ETT, 425 Sutter St.. "near Powell. . . .
WANTED— Young man who. Is an experienced
¦ : express ' do'-soods parcel .wrapper. Apply be-
' ¦'. tween 0 and .11; a. ; tn.. at 'HALE BROS.' I ;
WANTED-^-Boy from 14 to IB years of age to
iearo ¦ the 'dry-goods business. Apply betweeD
9 and 11' a.~ m.- at HALE BROS."
1 call want w^^smmS^m^mmBmW^,THE SAN FRANC I SCO GALL, , WEDN ESDA V, APRIL 20, yl90^
13
JKKLP WANTED MALE Con.
A—PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,""*
52<3 — Montgomery et. — 52<>
Phone Main lll»l. Upstairs.
SHIP EARLY TO-r»AY.
1«» laborer* SANTA FE R. n. Frw? fare.
MINES NORTH AND SOUTH—
2 machine miner*, s hours, $'.K>; 4 hand min-
«r*. $75; 2 muckers. 8 hours. $75; 4 muck-
ers. $60; 3 *von<leh<">ppers, mine, $37 50 and
round ; blacksmith. $J»O. .
RANCHES'— lrt farmer?, teamsters, some
i • :--•*•(- her**. }-•* and J"» and found; stable-
man, private place. $25 and found, San Ma-
im t'ounty; 3 milkers.
LUMBER AN1> WOODS KAMI'S— 5 laborers
yards. nortl\ $32 and found; S laborers, SIS-
KIYOt: County, ship to-day. $52: 10 boys for
box fartory, $1 65: 5 -ivoodchoppers. every-
thing furnished, see party here, $1 25 cord.
•4-foot pine; blacksmith's helper, country;
waiter. <•!<>•, $r?o and found; head waiter,
country hotel: fireman toll burner), -drwdger,
$40 and found; machinist country, see bos»
here, Al job. $d» end found.
HARNI2££. saddle and collar makers,
Cutters and machine hands.
MAIN & WINCHESTER,
J. C. JOHNSON & CO.. v .
L. P. FTONE CO.. J
W. DAVIS & BON.
San Francisco. <5al.
A. A. VAN VOORHIES * CO..
Sacramento, Cal.
WANTEit for U. 8. army: able-bodied tin-
:-.;-Tie4 tnen. between aces of 21 »nj 3&;
citiren* of the United States, of cood charac-
fr and temperate habits, who can epeak.
read end write English. FV>r information
apply to Recruiting Officer, Rlaito building.
New Montgomery st., San Francisco, or 102S»
t>econd «t., Sacramento, Cal.
TAILORS, Cutter— "
An opportunity fer a flrvt-class man of rood
appearance and Al ability; steady position
1* ratisfartory- ; none other need apply. S.
N. TVOOI> A CO.. 740 Market Ft. . "
WANTEI> — Pants operators. Apply at once,
P. N. WOOD * CO.. 4» Geary et.
WANTED — Pants preearrr. Apply at once, S.
N. WOOD & CO . 4J» Grary st.
A _ £; _
Men to learn the barber trade In two month!
and cecure good positions; catalogue and full
information mailed free. MOLER System
College. 6S5 Clay st.
$1 EVERY HOUR you work, "placing Allen's
Kiirhion Komfort Shoes; outsell everything;
No RISK. Call cr write. Kushlon Komfort
Aseno>. 12S3 Broadwey, Oakland. Oal.
PHOTOGRAPHER, must be Cr-st-daBs oper-
ai'ir. for Portland. Or. See W. G. CUT-
HKRTH. 2 p. m. to-day. Golden Wrrt HotcL
A YOUNG man to learn cooking, hotel: board
pn<1 small waees; in 3 tnonth*' time . will
make *<".rt jw«r msrth. 31ft Folsom et. t
WANTED— Cry for office In manufacturing
ttmtmUl salary $25 per month to begin. Ad-
drees in^own handwriting, box 13S6, Call.
El : RAND boy* wanted. MARKSBROS.. 1220
Market st.
PH'JEMAKER wanted on repairing at Golden
West Shoe Repairing Co.. Cti3 Howard St.
P'>Y wanted to learn rlutr.blng trade. S1H
Ninth et^ *
FiRST-CLASS coatmaker and bushelman want-
ed. MARTIN BROS.. 17 Stockton St.
(;"OO tailor -wanted for busheling at 625 Com-
mercial st. •
I* AY cashier; pood references. 29 Stockton st.
KARBER wanted; married man preferred;
first-clara mechanic. 702 Harrison st.
WANTED— A good tailor on coats. 364^ Third
street.
PAUBF.R shop fer Eale; 2 chairs; cood loca-
tion. Inquire WILL & FINCK.
2 -CHAIR barber chop for pale; a bargain; es-
tablished 3 years; rer.t $7 50. 1547 Mission st.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade: the latest and most improved
J method of teaching: the only incorporated
barber school with branches in the leading
cities on the coast. For particulars, call or
address th* Western College of Barbers. 647
Commercial «t.. San Francisco, or 206%
South UroaUwa}-, room 20, Los Angeles. /;
WANTED for Fifteenth Caralary Band— 1 cor-
' net -player, 1 alto player. 1 double B bass
player. 1 Flide trombone player. Apply at
recruiting Offlce. Rialto building, JCew Mont-
poraery si.. San Francisco. Cal.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let: eend for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO- 20 Montgomery..
LANGTON et.. ofiE Bryant — t rooms, yard and
basement; 111. Apply G. A. LEROUX, 29
New Mi-ntgomery st.
BEFORE moving ret our prints list of houses
to let. nALTJWTN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
UO. M:> TO Lt£*« RK.\.«>HUD.
Fon rent 1n San Rafael — A large.. fin« houde.
furnished; good-sized lot; trees and phrub-
b«ry and splendid location. Address box
1235. Call offlce.
VALENCIA, 1232^— Completely furnished house
of 7 rooms, bath and laundry; nice garden;
warm belt; rent $50. Apply from 1 to 6 p. m.
FURNISHED houee of 5 rooms for sale cheap;
gas, bath. »tc. 813 Polsom nt.. mw-talrs.
SUBURBAN EOPSE3 FOB SALE.
FOR sale — In Sausalito. 4-room cottage; de-
lightful situation; shade trees, fine well of
water; will *ell very cheap, email payment
down; also a property with Income of $90
per month for $5000; $2500 cash, balance on
loan. Box 1625. Call office.
Z.ATJITCHES rOtt HIRE.
C. A. McXEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.: for pleanure and businets.: tel. Bush &34.
LOST AM) KOL'M).
$60 REWARD — Strayed or stolen, April 8, from
Geary and Market sts.. bay horse with white
foot branded; 74 under mane; business
buggy, red ¦ gear and dark body. Return to
1850 Gre«n *t. : tel. Geary 2732; no questions.
LOST— A passbook with th« Hlbernta Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name cf WILLIAM M. or ANNIE TIETJEN.
No. 176,465. The finder will please return to
bank.
LOST— Feather boa. between Harbor Hospital
and Green and Powell sts.; reward. 63S
Oreep et.
LOST— A ladies' side bat;, on Ninth -et car.
containing email porketbook and 2 'keys.
Kindly return to S3 Lily ave.; reward.
LOST — Diamond and sapphire pin,' between
Cliff House, park and feny. Return to 838
Alice St.. Oakland; reward.
STRAYEI>— Great Dana dog'; 4 white feet;
license No. 4744. Return to HAYDEN'S
shop. 120 Ninth st.
LOST— Small diamond pin on O'Farrell st. Re-
ward at rootd 901. Call building.
LOST— Black Cocker Spaniel bitch, Sunday.
Liberal reward. 412 Kearny st. ¦
LOST — Bag or curied hair; suitable reward.
Pacific Curled Hair Co.. phone -Church 1S12.
LOST— In City Hall purs« containing $35 la
gold and receipt. Finder return to 301 Phe-
lan building; liberal reward.
LOST — Fma.ll browii dog, black nos>e; license
No. 4S5S. Return 21 U Harrison ave.
LOST — Lady's gold watch: gentleman's picture
inside; liberal reward. 228 Oak St.. upstairs.
LADIES desiring fcafe. eura and quick relief
from irregularities ccnsulA me at once; my
methods are always safe, painless and reli-
able; I bave no failures; no exorbitant fees.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
Cures guaranteed or no pay; 17 years' ex-
perience In all female disorders; call or write
without delay; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market st.. rooms 7 and 3.
A — LADIES, if you are suffering from Irregu-
larities or any ailment you will avoid dis-
appointments by consulting me first, j My
method of treatment is positive and barm-
less and I guarantee Immediate relief from
any case or make no charges. Advice free
Call or write DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny.
ALWAYS be advised and treated by a grad-
uate physician; positively the only one here
capable and willing to restore you to happi-
ness; relief for irregularities; help for un-
fortunate ladies; if In trouble consult him
without cost or fee: call or write; conflden-
¦Ual. DR. R. H. WESTON, 305 Kearny st.
DR. G W. O'DONNELL — AH who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 101M Market -St.
MBS. DR. WYETH. Bpeciatlst for all female
ccmplalnts and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed : 30 years*- experience. 82C Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fc-
roale troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1006\i Market st.. opp. 5th.
¦JIO,\EV TO LOA.V
A^LA^lERiMAJf TaURPHYr'*' "i
- 601-602-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Ertates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly 1 confidential.
. When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK,/
INTEREST 5ft AND tt PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on. city. Oakland, town
and country real estate. . .
Second mortgages, estates In .probate, undi-
vided Interests in real estate, property in trust;
loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.'
107-8-ft CROCKER BUILDING.,
POST AND MARKET STS. . /
WILL. LOAN ~~~
A/reaeonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mori gage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country. .;¦*•;•
Low rate of interest.
Give full particular*
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
| Box 40S. Call office.
A A — DO you need money? .
Loans on furniture and pianos without*' re-
moval ; lowest rates and easiest plan in city;
don't hesitate to call; Information cheerfully
given; no publicity; reliable and square deal-
ing. People's Trust Co.. 825 Market et.,
room 462, Parrott buildlfig, fourth floor.
SALARY Loans-^
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge or employer or J
any one; confidential and courteous treatment; -
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upFtalrs), loans money on' diamonds, Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof valut is protect-
ed from burglars .by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton ;phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In
4g principal clUts. Tolroan. 553 Parrott bid.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates: strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. CS Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew.
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month:
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. . Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market: tel. Main r644. BrancJiUa Third.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
prlvacy;ho commission. inMallnienls accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent oa furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; co publicity; $25 up; quick.
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st..rm.. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10. Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav. Itk.
bid.; Oakland office. 1103'i Brdwy.. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE 103 Grant are..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
NEW easy method — To wage ( earners on unln-
dorsed -notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security: on furnt*
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S. T.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg. i
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos: $15 Dp; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
' Savings Bank building. 701 Market st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL. C09 Examiner building.
ALLUPRIGHTsJ
Fischer, new Jf325, now $160." , „ ,' , .ilti
He.rtx. new $300j now $87. " . "
Miller, pew $.100. now $145.
3 Emerson, new $250 to $350, now -f ICQ. ,
2 Chickering. new $450. now $100, $183.
2 Steinway. new $575. $760. now $185, $325.
Heine, new $575. now $333.
Rents $2 up; Installments, $4 up. Rent ap-
plied If purchased.
hiivv puvn r« 9<«.r>^7 r.Mn •* .
REAL ESTATE-— CITV-.FOR -SALlii.;
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
• • AUCTION-
AUCTION
A UCTION
Of residence. Investment and .unimproved
properties will be held at our salesroom, Mon-
day. April 25. 1004. at 12 o'clock noon.
REFEREE SALE. •
The three following properties n*tu§t be. sold.
No Increased bid can be offered in court after
thle sale:
No.-l.
330 Capp St., east line, near 18th; a pood 2-
story residence of 9 rooms 'and '.bath; rent' $35
per month; lot 30x122:0.
No. 2.
Coso, Precita \ and Bernal aves. ; large hold-
Ing; 100x240; 3 frontages. .
No. 3. -
ALAMEDA COUNTY RANCH.
The following ranch, located "4 miles north-
east of Llvermcre, consists of 3S5 acre?, being
portion of sections 8 and 4, Township 3 South,
Range's East, M. D. B. & -M.; also the right
of way 25 feet wide over the road as at pres-
ent traveled from the northerly, line of ' the
above described prolw-rty .¦ to the county road
¦near sehoolhouse on the northerly portion of
said section.
CHOICE ELLIS-ST. FLATS. : ' I
1310 Ellis st.. • north . line, near' Laguna; I 2
modern flats of 6-7 rooms and bath each.: with
high basement, which could readily be, -con-
verted into another flat; present rents $60 per,
month: lot 25x120; 2. frt>n taxes; bank mort-
gage $5060 at 0 percent can remain.
TAYLOR-ST. FLATS. ! j
1120-22 Taylor- Et.,' east line, near .Sacra- :
mento; 2 modern flats of C-7 rooms and bath I
each; rent,s $75 per month; lot 22:0x80; these
flats are nicely located, being only 1 block
from the gew Fairmont Hotel. • . .
PLEASANT-ST. FLATS. •
79-81 Pleasant st., : between Taylor and
Jones. Sacramento and Clay; 2 desirable flats
of 0-7 rooms and bath each; .rented low at
f3S per month; lot 23:6x60.
FOLSOM-ST., BUSINESS PROPERTY.
1213-17 Folsom Bt., near 8th; 2 stores and
flats of 6 rooms and bath; rented low at $40
per month; lot 25xftO. - . < - ¦ '
CHOICE UNION-ST. RESIDENCE.
2237 Union St., near'Fillmore; a newly built
colonial residence of 10 rooms and bath, hand-
somely finished In hardwood, reception hall,
etc.; 25x137:6. . • •
. WALLER-ST. FLATS.
717-19 Waller st.. near Scott; 2 flats of 6-6
rooms and bath each; rented low at $38 per
month; lot .'50x110; nicely; located and com-
manding a view. • ¦ .
DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS.
303-3^5 Devisadero st., near Page; 2 flats of
6 rooms each; at a small outlay the lower flat
could 'be converted Into a store, making this
a desirable holding; lot 25xl07;6.;
MISSION COTTAGE.
2C«) Harrison st., neac 22d; cottifge of 6
rooms and bath; rent $25 per month; large lot,
50xl22:tf. »." ' ' - - ¦-- ¦ -
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
NW. corner of Jersey and Vlcksburg.- ets..
between 24th and 25th. Church and Sanchez;
store, 2 rooms and flat of 5 rooms and bath;
rented low at $20 per month; lot 25x100.
For catalogue and further particulars apply
at our office. C*U*-'i ;>;.•/
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.".
"" 20 MONTGOMERY ST.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.P"
Real Estate «nd Auctioneers.
GRAND AUCTION SALE *
AND EXCURSION.
SAN MATEO HEIGHTS, *
San Mateo. Cal:
TRE CREAM OF SAN MATEO PROPERTY,
SATURDAY. APRIL 30. 1004. - t
at l:Mo p. m., on the Prenjlses,
150 LARGE I>^TS 150 LARGE LOTS
..THE MOST IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE
OF THE SEASON. OF VACANT
PROPERTY IN SAN
This is beyond question the most desirable
because of Its accessibility, natural beauty
and surroundings. In addition to this every
lot has -water piped to it- and sewer connec-
tions. As the. land is high the natural drain-
age i* iwrfect. v
The ELECTRIC CARS run ' through the
center o' the property on San Matea drive.
It Is «;-illy accessible from : either San
Mateo C( Hurlingame R. R. stations. When
theso lets nfe sold there will never again
be an opportunity to purchase anything. In
San Mateo an desirable or at such prices.
Th-jre Is a constant and Increasing demand
\for residence property all dawn the peninsula
/as far as Han- .lose. When the Southern Pa-
cific have - finished their, cut-off (now build-
ing), San Mateo will be but 14, miles from
San Francisco, -.ajitl. Xhe> rapidly .Increasing
population will be effective In procuring fast-
er and more i frequent train and trolley ser-
vice, which | even now Is wonderfully good.
Leave the noise, dirt and confusion of tlio
city behind and receive in exchange fresh
air, brighter Sunshine and the delight
freedom of the country. ¦ *, •
HEAL .KSTATK— Cl'VY— l-'OK J*.%I,K.
EASTONT^L^RIDGEr^CO. :
¦ ¦¦¦- .---v---.- 038 MARKET ST.
• AUCTION. •
—"*-^"" AUCTION. *
. AUCTION.
TUESDAY.'; 1 ....:....... ..APRIL 26, 1904,
At Our Salesrooms at 12 o'clock , noon.
LEA VKN WORTH- ST. FLATS.
Nos. 1220-1220A. Leavenworth st.:"-. between
Sacramento and: Clpy; two beautiful Hats' of
5-ti rooms 'and' baths, renting for $62 50" per
month; lot 25x100.
¦' BRODERICK.ST. RESIDENCE.
2211 Brodertek st., near Jackson; lot 27:8!4
xll2:C; beautiful 2-story residence, containing
8 'rooms and. bath;' renting for $55 per month.
CALIFORNIA-PT. BUILDING LOT. ,
North line of California st.; 75 feet west of
Seventeenth ave. ; lot 25x100; this lot Is beau-
tifully situated , and commands an unsurpassed
marine view; level and. ready for building; cars
pass door. '
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS BUILDING LOT.
Northerly line of JaCkson St.. 180. feet '. wert
of Maple; lot - 50x120 feet; this magnificent
property is situated along the Presidio wall and
commands a superb marine view; a delightful
locality, for a residence.
GREENW1CH-ST. INVESTMENT.: V .
South line of Greenwich St.. 248:0 west of
Scott; Nos. 2555 -2555 '4; two-story- frame ten-
ement house of 4-5 rooms and bath each; rents
$20 per month; large lot; 7UxSU:8Vj; mortgage
of $1500 - - .,_¦,-
DOWN TOWN INVESTMENT.
No. 21. Joyce st., between Powell and Stock- I
ton. Pine and California; lot 22x77 feel; 2-
Bt.ory residence of 7 rooms and bath: perma- I
ntently rented; this Is a valuable holding. -
ADailNISTRATOR'S SALE. v ',
¦ ¦¦- *. No., l;-" :.-
Building lot.™ easterly line oi Douglass St..
250 feet south of Twentieth; 50x130 feet.
No. 2.
Building lot. northerly line bf Cumberland
St.. 205 feet west of Sanchez; .'50x114 feet.
MISSION COTTAGE. -.
¦27 Ford st:;-- east of Noe; magnificent "cot-
tage of 7 rooms and bath; sun in every room;
would easily rent for $30 per. month
DEVISADERO-ST, BUILDING LOT.
Westerly line pf- Devlsadero st.. S4:8 north
of Thirteenth; lot 25x125 feet;- this lot being {
situated so as to command' a magnificent view i
of the entire city. . • - . ... . . I
For further particulars apply to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. '
\ 638 Market st.
"EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO., ~
GRAND EXCURSION AUCTION SALE !
Saturday. April 23. 1904, In the City of Chieo,
Of Town Lots and • Acreage Property the
Ninth Addition of the i
John Bldwell Rancho, '
Fronting on Humboldt Avenue.
The excursion train will leave San FrancUco
on Friday, April 22, at 8 p. m.. from the
Market-street ferry, leaving Sacramento at
3:30 a. m. Saturday, and will be due at Chlco
on Saturday,- April 23, early In the morning-.
Pullman care will be run with the train and
double bertha can be secured for two nights,
round trip, for .$2. . Returning, the train will
leave Chlco Saturday evening. 10 o'clock, ar-
riving- in San Francisco early on Sunday morn-
ing. ¦ - . . . - . - - ¦ . - ¦
Special reduced round trip tickets from all
ln:ermo v diate points, good on local or excur-
sion train, of a Bj/igle fare one way for. the
round trip."' j -
For further- particulars.-^ apply
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
• * 638 Market st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., *
038 MARKET ST.
$41,000 — Corner on Post st., close In town; 3
stores rented as first-class Erocery. butcher
shop and delicatessen; also 4 etesant' flats,' 5-7-9
rooms and porcelain bath; present rents exceed-
ingly low at ?207 per month; could be Increased
to 9310 without the loss of a single tenant. -
$30,000— Polk-st. corner, 107:6x127; nominal
Improvements. •
$17,500^— Improved corner on ¦ California st.,
near Laguna; large area of ground, 50-foot
frontage; rents ,$115 per month: 3 elegant
houses, 3 roorua each.
$16,000—^Business corner on Devlsadero st.,
near Post; 33-foot frontage, grocery; also
shoestcre: S-room flat above; rents low at $s5
per month.
$14,000 — iO-foot frontage; 4 flats, 5 rooms
each; rents $115 'per month; Shrader st.,' near
Waller. ;. • - ¦¦¦--¦ ¦¦ : ¦' <y ¦
$10,250 — Devisadero-st.*" ' business ' property;
store and flat above; rents ?S0 per month; two
frontages. - «.
$10,000 — Paclflc-aveJ ref Idence, ' 7 " rooma and
bath ; large garden ; unsurpassed marine " vie w ;
cheapest piece on the avenue.
$8500 — Three new flats of 5 rooms and bath
each: always rented, $78; modern. ' ....
$f»500 — Fulton' at., neat". Webster: 2 flats and
finished basement; 5-6 rooms and bath; rents
$65 per month. \
$S5C0 — California St.. near Steiner: 34:0}4x
REAL KSTATK— Cnnntry— For Sal*.
- W. J. WHITE,
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
$12,000 — Splendid stork ranch and .' general
farm,: 2(300 acres; 4 miles from Courthouse,
Mendoclno 'County; 200 acres', tillable; • 2 com-
plete nets of farm buildings: well supplied with
water and an abundance of live oak timber:
there are several patches suitable for alfalfa.
$8000— Only 3% miles of Geyaervllle, the Gem
of Sonoma County; V* mile good school: rural
m.-*(il, delivery; 50 acres: 30 acres rich bottom
l«nj;"2 acres orchard; >15 acres- vineyard, .all
bearing; 5 acres alfalfa; well fenced and cross
fenced; 5-rpom bouse, 2 good barns, nice-spring;
have other bargains In this superb section.
$3500— Mile and a half of * St. Helena ; 163
acres. 80 under cultivation, 6 ( acres bearing
orchard, 5 acres vineyard ; water piped to
buildings; fine 2-story residence, stable, barn,
carriage-house; once refused. $12,000 cash.
$G0O— Oniy 1 mile of town; 80 acres; house,
trees, vines, berries; 15 acres bottom -land;
placer and quart* gold; 2 gardan patches, out»
6tde range; tools, furniture; forced -sale. -
$4000— Near Merced City, on main road: 40
acres rich land; 5 acres bearing olives'. IK i.cres
alfalfa. 6H acres bearing orchard; 2 wells; all
under oltch; fine cottage, 5 rooms; steel wind-
mill and tank; good barn, toolhouse. granary,
poultry houses. Incubator houses;' nice Income;
cash or trade bay counties property."
ALFALFA LANDS.
Rich black land, near Stockton, subdivided
in small tracts at $15 per 'acre; one-third of
CYop with plate. ¦• -
- Adjoining the town of Lodl. both bearing
vineyard land and unimproved under ditch;
$125 to $105 p«r acre. . " • •
$50. per acre; 10 acres up; under ditch;- 4\_
miles irom Lodl, on main county road; -also
land on the Stanislaus ditch as low as $45 an
acre.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.. .
I have several parties with, good In-Mine
property to trade for cheap country homes; also
lodging-houses; many cash buyers; list your
pioperty. , ¦ - ; . ¦ • . .".
$2500—60 acre-K 5 miles from Santa Cruz: 20
acres .- under cultivation, balance rolling and
some cteep; small orchard and. vineyard,. bear-
Ing: good 7-room bouse, barn, outbuildings^
bank foreclosure: $500 down and balance
monthly payments If desired. . '¦¦'.'
$10,000 — In Sonoma . County; 800 acres well
fenced In 3 fields; house; 3 large barnsj dairy-
house; wejl .watered; 2C0 acres tillable; all
level: 24 acres 8-year-old orchard; 30 head cat-
tle; 20. hogs; farming Implements, etc. ; $5000
mortKnge; trade for ba*y property.
$3250— 2C acres sandy loam, only 2>4 miles
of Petal un.a; house, 5 rooms and hath "part cash.
$5C0O— Best ranch In Southern Oregon; 320
acres; 2 rets good Improvements; well fenced;
orchard; 5 horses; farming tools; outside range.
I $4500 — 30 acres close to Morgan Hill. Santa
Clara County; 20 acres bearing orchard and
vineyard. 10 acres hill pasture; nice hard
finished cottage of 3 rooms; outbuildings; fine
Income; would trade for Income city property.
$1100 — Only ti miles from Courthouse; 80
acres; orchard, vineyard, house, outbuildings;
part cash: near Red Bluff. - . " - - •
<• $17,000 — Flneht ranch In San JoaJiuIn County,
between Stockton and Lodl; water near' sur-
face; good house, outbuilding?, barn, corrals;
400 acres rich land. 1 mile o£ Calaveraa River,
on main road; mortgage $3000; would" trade for
first-class property near city.
- $4500— Nfcar Newcastle: 21 acres: oranges,
cherries, peaches, lemons, plums and apples;
small but nice house; only $1500 down; have
bargains In this vicinity from $1000 up.
$2250 — 10 acres, all in apricots just com-
mencing to bear; 6 miles from San Jose; lovely
honce; hal/ cash.
J170Q— In Sonoma City; 3^4 acres: all l«vel:
good house, barn, windmill. -- tankhouse; 13
poultry house? and yards: some alfalfa; spring
wauon; 500 chickens: feedhouse. \ .
$2500— Only 2 mile* from San Jose: 4 acres;
2Vi acres bearing orchard; hard finished cot-
tage. 5 rooms: stable, windmill and' tank;
cheap. ¦ *
$3500 — 136 acres east of San Jose, 125 acres
In hay: good soil. •
Send stamp for printed Hat.
W. J/ WHITE. 26 Montgomery st.. room 3.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
Full charge taken of property.
JOSEPH STRAUB, 630 Market 6t.
$2000 — tO acres. 23 ac^es cultivated; 3 acres
vines, 2 acres orchard. 20 acres hay and
corn, balance wood; 4-room house; barn. 2
wells.
$3500 — 4% acres In vegetables and berries:
good well for Irrigation, gasoline engine, cen-
trifugal pump; 2 dwelling-houses; barn; all
fenced : in • city limits; % mile to "'station;
San Mateo County.,'.
$lG00 — 160 acres'; * 10 acres orchard, balance
pasture: oak and pine timber; good spring;
,'' plenty water, year round; good soil for
• grapfea;. house, cellar; corrals. .-,".;
$1000—40 acres; 5 acres clear; balance wood;
good house; stable; cheap. . '. -
1400 ACRKS nt SC 20 per aero; only 90 miles
from S\n Francisco; to; close up an estate;
see owner dally at 12:."0.. RICHARD KEAT-
. INGE. 108 Jessie. St.. San. FrancUco. . ¦
ALFALFA land?, stock ranches, orchards.
vineyards: Inspected bargains' monthly cata-
: loguea sent free. C. M. .WOOSTER CO.. 648
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALL sunny; beet in city; 3 or 4 rooms furnish-
ed or unfurnished. ST.. CHARLES APART-
MENTS. , 15<5O Sacramento st.. nr. Larkln.
CALIFORNIA. 8081— "or 5 sunny housekeep-
ing rooms, furnished^, complete; gas range;
' adults. ;_:
CI:aY. • 132a-=ElegantIy furnished -apartments,
twfc, or three; pleasant surroundings.
ELLIS, nil — Nicely furnished, -sunny a!cov»;
. light housekeeping; everything • furn.; bath.
FOURTEENTH. 726— 3 o r 4 rooms furnished:
north of Market st. ; new carpets. -
FRANKLIN, 203 — * Three nicely furnished
. hcus*k?epingr rccms;, bath; "sunny ccrner flat.
FULTON. 233 — Two connecting housekeeping
¦ rooms; gas range, 'grate; no children.
GOITGH." 137— Two sunny front rooms for light
- housrkeepinjr. • ¦
GUERKElWi, 104 — Three elegant 'fu*.if>y' con -
. - necting rooms; regular kitchen; »te;l range;
adult*. " - - " ¦ '-'--¦ ' *
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 13*0 Pta« —
. Sunny. jurniBhed'3-room" suites; stea.n heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rat? $30 up.
MARKET. 1032—2 rooms with gvs tnd coal
stove; $12. ' * .* *
MINNA, 5-lfl — Large sunny furnished front
housekeeping: rooms; • also single rooms.
POWELL. 20S — Sunny housekeeping *, rooms;
reasonable. * * . _** >
SIXTH. 308— Elegant sunny front room and
kitchen complete for 'housekeeping.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726, near Dolores— Thre*
sunny bay window rooms; nice, neat, cora-
plete. " .-< , - . '¦*"*-.*.
APABTMIBTgOUSES.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be finished March 15.
1084 SUTTER ST., NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms aal
bath each; ali unfurnished: $27 SO to $*0.
' , Make reservations now. • -.-
ET. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness— Tn»
acme of perfection in elegantly furn. 3-roona
apartments; private 1 baths, steam h?at. «!<•?.
'trie lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30' to W5.
ST. LOUIS. 1578 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms: al»o single: furnished or unfurnished:
trnarine vtPTg; referencen. Phone Kant t33O.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Infara.
AURORA, ccrner Second and Folsom -sts. — New
house, new furniture; e'ery room outside;
modern and .tunny; prices from fl 50 per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date house in
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth at— Rooms
2Ac to $1 p*r night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open, ali night. ..
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market *t. «or No. I
Fifth st.)— Room*, 23c. 50c, $1. $1 B0 night;
$1-50 to $10 week; house open allntght. '
A NEWLY furnished sunny front room, suit-
able for. man and wife; also single looms for
- . gentUmen. 312 irtisfih St., near Geaxy.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 13fi4>— Fur-
nifhed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS <The), 61S Post. nr. Taylor— Just
opened: desirably located; eunny single rooms
and suites, with private baths, hot and cold
water, jilmn heat, electric lights, phone every-
room:- elevator. Phone East 1317 if destred.
ELLIS. 611— Nicely furnished, sunny front
' suite; also single rooms. Phone Sutter 3CI1.
FOR single gentleman. In private home (no
othe: roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adoining; 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2624, Call office. . - *¦¦-¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦.
FRANKLIN. 721. nr. Golden Gate — Sunny, fur-
nished frcnt room; all conveniences; S12.
GEARY; CCO — Newly furnished, renovated rms;
air sunny; homelike; central; piano; batta.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 35o
to SI 25 night; $150 to$6wk.; rtjadlng-room.
GRANT ave., 7 — Nicely furnished, sunny rocma
suitable for two; *2 50 to ts-'weck
JESSIE. 3C3, east U. S. Mint — Furnished front
room, $7 per month. . -.* ;' ,-* . -
LASIvIE, 1 2S, off Mission, near Oth— 5-room cot-
tage; very sunny and nice; call In afternoon;
rent ?15. "¦-..,.' ....
PAGE. 1324— 3 or 4 completely or partially fur.
i - rooms; 1 regular kitchen; oo other roomer's.
PINK. 777 — Furnished rooms and board: new
WANTED — CO teams to work on Fresno and
wheel scrapers; 3 months' work. Apply to
W. J. 8CHMIDT. Jones st. and San Pablo
ave.. West Berkeley.
BARBERS — Shop for sale; established 25
y«sars; 4 chairs; center of Oakland; fine trade;
*-Xr. : <-h»»ap. Call or write 43S» Twelfth Bt.,
_ Oakland.
WANTED — One flr«t-cla» carriage blacksmith/-,
steady employment at (3 to $3 50 per day of
'j hours. Apply to A. ME1STER & SON'S
CO., Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third «l. : 2S0 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — By wholesale lumber house, a ma'.e
nenogTar-her; warw abnut $40; state full par-
Uf-ulai-*. Box I41O, Call.
' TRY cur men's stioes. union made, at $1 and
*xr>rets or mail charge*. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
>1 SO pair; foot-form chocs at $2 50; we pay
WANTED— Pants flnUhers. Apply S. N. WOOD
& CO., 27 Geary jt.
BOYS 10-14 years old to distribute circulars.
Room 121. fourth floor. 1236 Market et.
Fi"tR <:.-,-.- — 2-chair barber shop; good location.
Box 13&3. Call.
¦WANTED — First-class machinists; permanent
.tvork: standard wagce. Box 1337. Call.
BUSH ELM AN wanted; apply ready for work.
H..N. WOOD & CO.
SOBER German; steady; refs; handy tend bar,
vinehousc; married pref. Box 1433. Call.
WANTED— A sirn writer. c! P. FINGER.
San Mat<*-o.
HESPONSIBLE iran to drive wapctk Thursday
and Friday. 603 Valencia Et.
IIAUBERS— 3-chair ahop for sale or trade for
country chop. Barber. 22 Hunt st.. S. F.
FOR male— Half intere* in 3-chalr barber shep.
wholesale district. STOLTZ. 723 Market et.
COATMAKER or buchelman for country. Ap-
rly REISS EROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter et.
"WANTED— Sailor* for Australia; fishing and
Islands. LANE. 504 Davis rt.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; wages
«hll«- learning. 741A Howard st.
SAIL/3RF and young men (gre«n bands) for
Fhipr/HALLBERT. 617 Jackson st.
YOUNG men. sailors, blacksmiths, carpenterr,
preen hands, for ships. Herman's. 27 Steuart.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullis, r. 40, Pfcelan bldg.
l^ast Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. Q. A. ft.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third et.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; «5c oirht; reading-room*;
free 'bus and foaceare to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and rubscrlptions has be*a
opened at 100S Market rt. opposite Fifth.
Open until II p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL eizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission Ft., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your Fhoee batf-soled while waltlcr; 23c
to WV-. Sfi3 MlKrion rt.. bet lrt and ZA sts.
mp w a grrrp— soucTTORS.
SOLICITOR wanted to sell a good poison oak
and Tate's dandruff cure. Apply after 6
I., m.. 300 Hayes et.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
AUCTION sale of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. 327 Sixth st. ; every horse must be
at represented or money refunded. - T OHN J.
tOTLE. Auctioneer.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
.. round: near Black Diamond. Contra Coeta
County. Nucleus Stables. l»0 Etevenson. S. F.
CECOND-HAJCD cpea backs, wagonettes. 3-
ceaters and I BHnen* buggies. CORVILL
MANUFACTURING CO.. 4S Elrhth «t. •
f? AN FRANCISCO ' Veterinary College— Next
«»sion Begins June 6. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELEY. C10 Golden Gate av».
WAGONETTES, Burreyn, buggies, wagons, har-
npss. work and driving horses. 15th-Vaicncia."
CAMPING house wagon; theatrical parties; 127
Turk nt. Owner at C40 Howard «t.
•WANTED— A good driving bonte; must be
sound and reliable. Box 3050. Call office.
FOR sale— Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1210.
Call office. . . •
CHEAPEST and ,beet to America— The Weekly
Call. 16 rape*, rent to any address In ta»
tnlte4 States cr Canada ooe year for SL ,
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
epeclailet; a private home befor* and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. PR. GWYER, having secured lease of
premises, is -permanently located at 511A
Leavenworth St.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Our monthly regulator never falls;
box free. VITA CO., Station A. Detroit. Mich.
DK.-*-and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market i-t.
DR. ROSEN resides 2985 Folsom St.. corner
26th; ladies, relief or no fee: $10.
DR. NG, TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. 'oppoeit*
Unkin square: all A\p^»rm our»*d br herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH &-WOLPMAN. m-187 Fremont st.
does your~roof~L1Eak:? ~
Repair It with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
need* no painting or coating; good over old
Iron tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2I)-H AND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, Khafting. etc.. etc., bought, scld,
rented and exchanged; tee Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
DESKS and office furniture; $20,000 stock to
be void before April 15; this etock can be
bought In larg-e or small lors. T. D. MC-
CARTHY CO.. 782 Mission. Phone Bush 467.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Aeb«stos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to etop all leaks in the one and preserve the
new. 2CS Front St.: tel. Main 142S.
FOR sale — New suit, young man: size coat and
vest 30, pants 3-1 w. 22 1. ; at half cost price,
wkich is $10. Call at 202& Turk et., room
23. at 10 a, ra.
VICTOR talkixur machine, new. with 35 rec-
ords; first class: cost. Including records, ?m»;
will sell for $45. A. F. DAYTON. 1820
Thirty-fourth St.. Oakland.
A— FfNE «ults. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Orig-
inal M'.kfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny St..
near Bush; open. to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — BCYS. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boiler*, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
ALTERATION Bale— Best $2 60 huts., $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny et.. near
Pine: open to 8 |). m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 CO pair;
foot-form eboes at $2 50; we pay express
eharses. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
NICE outfit cheap; dining and'kltcben ware
for four people; send for list and price. . Box
1445. Call. .„
FOR sale— Grindlng-stone. -carpenters' ,and
plumbers' tools; cheap. 0C3 Howard st. .
ROUND camping tents for eale: cheap; some
new; !Cxl6. 313 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
FANCY plgeorfs; new imported varieties; send
for lift. C. WILSON. 22JJ Stevenson st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; ail
. makey. ALEXANDER &CO.. 110 Montg*y.
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT A AWNING CO..3S Mrkt. Tel. Bush WS
BOOKS bought; libraries purchased. King's
./Old Bookstore, fl McAllister st.
STEEL lined safe, 1800 pounds. $125. RICH-
,-ARDSON BROS.. 1816 Market st.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
eaty payments. GARIN. 803 Hay ward bldg.
GASOLINE engines, bought, sold, exchanged.
I repaired. Eykes-Corson Co.. 254 Beale st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1323 Market st. ,.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap: Chicagoes, Twentieth
. Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 033 Market.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HEK-
MANN 8AFB CO.. 307 Battery st.
MO VI NG pictures, magic lanterns,* sale, rental •
bargains. BuUard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B.- BECK
; & CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobile* and launches;
all size*. J. E. DOAK, 40 Fremont pt.
i MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
MORRIS gives highest prices for ladies'; and
gents* .castofi; clothing: , postal/ 943 Folsom,
SHOES ' wanted: mlsflt A castoff; highest prcs.;
new A 24 band shoes for sale. 743 Mission. ,
Oakland — 1252 Broadway.
ABSOLUTE BARGAINS IN PIANOS.
One in fair order $io
One a little better JI5
Another, condition good $23
Also a Chickertng. Mason & Hamlin. two
. Steinways, Knabe. Vose. Sterling, Mayson,
Emerson. Hallet & Davis, Starr and many
others, from $&5 Up; easy terms; fully guar-
anteed. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. IS O'Far-
rell st.
ONLY piano hou*e In the city that will retit
• you a ntw piano for $3 per month and allow
6 months" rent and cartage off purchase
.price; eole agents for McPhail. Schiller and
other makeg. SCOTT-CURT AZ. 503 Hayes.
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos,
$25; uprights, $100 up; organs. $25. BYROX
MAUZY. 2C* Post st.
AN A, B. Chase piano for sale very reasonable
by Dartie* going East. 1200 Peralta at.,
Oakland. .
$75; STEINWAY piano, cost $600, for sale on
(5 installments. 1309 Gough st.. near Geary.
STEINWAY. nearly new; upright; A. Gabler.
and Steck mahegany. 216 McAllister st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. KCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway "up. ;Chlckering baby grand;
' Shoninger, little uned. KeeJIe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, Ceclllan piano
player. BYUON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post «t.
OFFICES AXD STORKS TO LET.
FOR rent — Cigar or sandwich stand. 145 Third
street. -__^
PERSONALS
A fresh, smooth and young looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forget the name, M. ELLA HARRIS.
The number, 7S1 O'Farrell st.. near Larkln.
Call or write for book, free,-
"Hints on Beauty."
THE HERMANN SANITARIUM.
Insomnia, mental and nervous diseases cured;
liquor and drug habits: massage; medicated
, baths; country place Lake co.; terms to phy-
sicians; call or write." 1375 Waller, bet. Ha-
sonic ave. and Ashbury st. ; tel. Fell 837.
NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC— I. S. M. WESTl
will not be responsible for debts contracted
by my wife, Harriett . Amelia West, after
this date — April 14, 1904 — ehe having left
my bed and board. S. M. WEST.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair,' im-
proves Its growth, stops fal!ing,cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness:
cleanses sralp;at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star Ren-.edy Co.. 1338 Polk.
A— MICRDTINE. a positive cure for catarrh,
cold in The h»ad, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections; *cnd for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.^ 272 Oth.
Cancerous lumps, gores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones.: etc.). speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
A FINE suit to order on easy Installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOR, 1127 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled fer suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market st. -
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dls-
eases positively cured ' by Willow Bark Co.,
S12 Shotwell; consultation free; call or write.;
SOCIAL dances Wed., Thurs., ¦ Sat. i and Sun ;
classes Mondays, Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. 1556 Market, nr. Larkln.
PRIVATE detective; rtty or country; thorough-
ly reliable. Box 1420,* Call offlce.
SUITS to crder on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.). tailors, 72» Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle.- Dr. & Mrs. Travers,- 1170 Market.
Actlna restores lost eyeslght;cures deafness and
Catarrh. •A'VIDA Co.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 3G9 Sut-
ter. r. Con. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room .'£8/
MASQUERADE costumes, play books,' wigs;
country orders. OOLDSTEIN & CO..: 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE nuit $7- 60; dress pants $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair, to Us natural color, $1; at all druggists!.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and: subscriptions has bo*n'
opened at 1008 Market St.: opposite Fifth.
-. Otxin' until* 11 n. m.' .-•'¦. ' . ¦ -~
¦;'¦ '¦*." ' " - : " : .;_ V '. PALMJfcTRV; *- : '.};'.. \\,
H. JEUOME FOSELLI. Fclentlfic palmist. 515
. Taylor tt.; near Geary. Phone Black 501. ;
¦ We shall also offer for sale to the highest
bidder
THREE 5-ROOM COTTAGES. WITH BATH
AND CELLARS., t .
THREE 6-ROOM COTTAGES. WITH BATH
AND CELLARS,
Now Building, to bo Completed by May 1.
TERMS — One-quarter cat>h. balance 1, 2
and 3 years, with Interest at 5 per cent, pay-
able seml-annually. Ten p«:r cent x to be paid
at time of purchase to be allowed on the
quarter or first payment. An abstract of title
furnished each buyer. ' ,
A SPECIAL FIRST-CLASS EXCURSION
TRAIN will Jeave Third and Townsend sts.
at 11 o'clock (a. m..
SATURDAY. APRIL 30. 1904.
50 Cents — ROUND-TRIP TICKET— 50 Cents.
Returning, leaves San Mateo at 5 o'clock
p. m. Tickets good on all trains stopping at
San Mateo during afternoon and evening.
Lunch will be -..served, on the grounds. '
Excursion train will not stop at Valencia
' street.
EXCURSION. TICKETS can be had. at the
office of the Southern Pacific Company under"
the Grand Hotel -on ami after April 25, and
i at depot. Third and Townsend streets, up to
time of departure of train — 11* a. m. -¦
For map.* and general Information Inquire of
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
t 20 MONTGOMERY ST..
' San FraBclsco, Cal. ¦• ,
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to $1200— Easy Terms.
New "Oceanside". Lots 'on Official Grade.
Fronting and Unobstructed View <)f Park
:.;•¦'./ ,.'\:- and Ocean.
Choicest and cheapest home sites ever offered.
All bargains! See them to-day!^
"Ocejinslde" branch offlce, cor. II streSt and
,- 47th avenue. - » - '
Open Sundays and Holidays.
$75 to $250 — Near Park and Ocean — $5 monthly.
$250 to $1000 — Choicest Richmond lots— In-"
utallmcnts. , -.; _;>' v"*.
$150 to $450— Level Excelsior Hd. Lots.
$1000 to $3500— Modern cottages In SunsetT
Richmond, Oceanside and Excelsior Home-
' stead. Easy terms! •
Sunset Branch Office' on Oth ave., near H st.
SOL.-.GETi: & .SON, Owners and Dealers.
" Room 54, fourth floor. Chronicle bldg.
SNAPS. •
$3500 — 2 flats. 5 rooms each; baths; on- lot 24
""• . xll4; Twenty-seventh at. ; "tipper flat fur.-
nished. „ ¦¦'-.' - '¦
$2400— Cottage. 5 rooms and ,bath; Twenty-
.*.. seventh St.; lot 24x114; must' be sold; of-
fer wanted. ; '",•--*
$3500— 2-etory house; v 7 *.' rooms; modern; - lot
20x125; Fair Oaks' st.*. between Twenty-
. fifth and Twenty-sixth. -' , , . -.,•- ,
$550—2 lots: street sewered and graded- cheap.
$1000— Lot 25x97;- street and sidewalk bltu-
.mlnlzed. . * ' ,. -
.•.'.-•¦- J..F.' PLUMBE, 1402 Valenclast ;
$10.850— CASH $2000;'3 »weH flats not yet com-
• pleted, but rented for $1200 per year; Seventh
' ave. boulevard. near Fulton st. ; -1<J
minutes- from; City; Hall; all night, car, ser-
vice;;every possible; latest* Improvement. In-
cluding .bitumlnized street: 25x120. Apply on
premises from 2. to 5. , : . . ;j
tl.25 PER .WEEK.; no : Interest. Lots : In the
> Excelsior Homestead Tract;;, all 'level:'," no
• grading-^ to Jo; ready, to build your llttlo hocii
on; close to electric, cars and school.
• -- .,i, . •: _.-.- <W.J. WHITE.
- .- 1 26 . Montgqmery st.; ; room .8. .- -. . :
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.:
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 512 Callaghan bid.,
¦will build on your property or^buy- you a lot;
$8 a month tays principal and Interest on
each \*100O ! of balance due. ' roaklr>K your In.
I f tajyment* less : than * rent : send - fofc' circular.
FOR; sale— Three ; large .houses : and lots,'* 8 and
*¦; 0 rooms *? each, , in i business ¦' portion \ of :. San
. Francisco;* lots- 60x118;? at* cood Investment;'
' partle*" leaving town and • must 1 selirr Call at
1226 • Broad way;:,Oakland; Cal." ;, ' - ,' ;.v" *"'
THREE : flfty-vara lots' on ; Lombard . st.. 1 near
« Buchanan.r at ; a "bargain : *<r fine site f or : flats :•
| back I to 35-foot street : 5O-vara ¦'• lot . on , Grove
- and Lott sts.; -good' Investment for builders.
ytiELBY. CROPPERS '."& 'CO.. California.;
BUILD your J unimproved -\ realty : ; we loan » f ul I
; cost improv; and i part lot • at- 6%; : .• MANHAT-
" TAN SAVINGS ! BANK. Crocker, building/-: .":
TWO rretty »u>mesl Just 'completed In ! th« I Mis-'
' ", tlon : :, C. rooms.-; bath : . about $1 000 : down.'; bal-'-
• ance : easy. See MOISE,;:{20Sansome;st.'-'. ¦ "
ALL work t guaranteed t first rblass . by ': ALH-
n- BACH & MAYER. Plumbers.' 838 Howard et.
137:6; 2 cottages renting for $45 month;
could be improved so as to pay handsomely. '
$8000— Oak-st. tiats; two of 5-0 rooms; large
flnUhed attic; rents now $5U."
$8000— Polk-st. flats; new; 0 rooms and por-
celain bath each; rents $7U per month.
$K900 — Devlsadero-st. business property; two
btores and fiat: rents $55 per month; lot- alone
worth money; near Kutter st.
$0750— Two exceptionally desirable fiats; 5-0
rooms and bath; rents $02 30 per. month
cated on Leavenworth. st., near Sacramento. .
. $(5750— Fell St.. near Octavla; 2-story frame
building; 2 stores and ' 3 flats; 4-4-tf rooms.
$6250 — «"» flats on Webster st., near Waller;
4-4-5 rooms and bath; rent $56 per month.
J1S0O — Reduced on account of owner wishing
to leave city; mortgage of $.'50C0 can remain;
Guerrero St., near 18th; 35-foot " frontage.
$4250 — 1th ave., near California st. ; elegant
residence of 7 rooms and bath; 2 Hush toilets;
hardwood floors. In hall; natural finish wood-
work. ' . :-.'.-¦• -' ¦-- -"¦.*.•¦ ,
$4000 — 2 flats en Sycamore ave.,. near 17th
and Valencia sts.: 4-5 rooms and bath each;
rents $30 oer month.. "
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,.
C3S Market^ st.
AUCTION — 10 marine view, park and pan-
handle lots; Fulton st., street, work done;
Parksr «ive. , (100 feet wide) ; North Stanyan
-rt.: McAlll«ter-street cars • pass : property;
THURSDAY. April 21. at 12 o'clock noon.
Union Square 'Hall. 421 Post St.: terms, 1-3
cash, balance 1 and 2 years at .6 per cent;
observatory on grcund, from which view of
city, bay and ocean can be seen.
O. ,. ' , 0> /.-..- 1 -' ;' ; , .
fj-jf i>9 t \ a
3. w "9 * •-¦/¦ £
mtk M * * [ ?
-&•'•">¦ I
9 v^ H f- g
" B " 7 •» \
:., »a . ://J "'•.-¦'/.-¦'
:•: ThrficrAver.: ' ' \ ; : /' '-¦
* , . —.,,,, ..v joo rr. **/£>*¦. ¦- :-~.- t ,\', < t
For further ' oarticulars ; and catalogues, .-, ap-
ply '. to HENRY STERN- of :¦ David Stern *
rior,«. auctioneer and real -estate ¦ broker, . 11
v . Montgomery st..y. ..v ;* ; ' . ;l*'\i:-; . "'
$100 DOWN- and ! $fo mo.— Cottage, - 5 r> & b.,
on' Clipper 'st.; one of « r; & b.; on Elizabeth.
$270(P-Cottage,' 8 1 r.i & b.TI In West Park ¦ st.
$2750— -Cottage, 5 :* r.* and -. b. ;¦ - 12 .' Day - st.
i P. , COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
'storage '£ w AJgp^ijWAj|^Houaiie»^"j
A — EMPORIUM I Storage & iVin Co. ; furniture,
¦ household | goods I Btored,'- moved.'i (shipped. 725-
. \731 Howard st.', Inr.? Third ;, phone Grant 181.
A— GILBERT & = STOLL Storage Co. ; atorage,
"•' packing. ¦ shipping warehouse, , Q.^ G. and .Van
Ness;, offlce 1230 Market.' r.* 84 ;, tel. South 750.
PJERCE-RODOLPH ; 8torag» i Moving Co.. of-
1 1 fice Post * and Powell us. ; ¦ telr; Prlv. • Ex. 1 571.1
CONKLIN'S ; Storage— Furniture f and merchan- ;
¦ -dl«e.v 833 (Golden v Gate av*.: phone: East :12S.,
GOLDEN .West. Storage:-.^advances made. ,-»40
; Mission ¦it.:', tel. Howard 04 1.; F.'-W. Zehfuss.;
PACIFIC ' Storage '¦ arid ; Furniture"' Moving Com.'
ra pany. \*t.. 2320 ;FIlImore ¦ et; : {. phone Jackson j 2S1.'
BEKINS Van and Storage, Co.',-y 1 1 : . Montgomery '
-; »t- ; tel.* Main '1840." Shipping r»t cut rates. ;
jiarufi si. . .
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to . any address In th*
United States or Canada one year for $1.
. KK.\I, KSTATK I'll K.VCH AXtiK.
OAKLAND property' to exchange for a chicken
ranch; V-iclnlty of Petaluma preferred.' P.
C. LASSEN. 466 Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$525O— A RARE bargain; chance of a life-
time;; two beautiful up-to-date modern 6-
room flats on Clinton ave. -.bay frontage;
beautlfnl marine vicv.-; elegant surf bathing;
bathhouses, etc.: this is a rare chance; don't
overlook It. HAMMOND & HAMMOND, 1423
Park st. . ¦ : - -. . • ' '*.*''\.
$1GOO— HOUSE of 5 rooms and bath; 2 lot?,
50x150 each; fruit trees and berries In bear-
I Ing; also garden: fine location. Call or writs
to E. M. YOUNG, on OlUe ave.. betwtstrn
Jones and Bay View aves., Alameda. >
ALAimiM FDUMSHEDfUOUSES: /
FOR>rent — Furnished house of 6 rooms and
bath. Apply S-'JS Santa Clara ave.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVfiKT'S'M'NTS
1IERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3000— -New tJ-room. houac; lot 35x110: street
work compute; only -3 blocks of station;
$500 cash and ' balance 525 per month,
including Interest at S per cent. /
$2700— New 5-rpom cottage and high basement;
large lot; street work complete; $7C0 cash,
i balance easy. ri_ttif&ililij m IP" m t v t?-~"' '¦ '
$750 for only - a * short time; 4 lots. 40x120
. each. In warm belt of town: * one block
of CollcRe- ave.. -situated* on Chcry ft ¦
$2200 — 7-room- bouse, lot 30x140. near "car
line and "station; street work "complete;
must be sold at once: come and Investi-
gate. - . ¦¦:'. '.¦ **•'- • ¦ "*• '
• . MORAN & SWAIN, • -,
:•¦•-* 2131 Shattuck ave, .
Opp. Berkeley station.
THE GREATEST SNAP IN BERKELEY.
, $2500 — Eas^ terms; a nearly nsw 2-story _ colo-
nial house, containing S large rooms, viz: 2 re-,
ceptlon rooms, dining-room with mantel and fire-
place, kitchen, pantry. 4. bedrooms, bath, yat-.
ent toilet; stationary tuls on back ¦ porch ;" city
water; ., gas ; fittings • throughout ; high Jot. t. size
£0-1(135, fenced; btrect worktdone and. Cement
steps and walk to back porch;- 8 minutes' walk'
from Ashby station. Sole agent, H.'.D.-IR,-
WIN. Lorin R. J R.'- station. Berkeley.' . ; -
.', BERKELEY HOTELS.
l^5T^L^^E^KEL^ :^R^OP^NX2Tinr r^
gantly appointed house , is now under a new
and experienced management. The service ts
first class, the accommodations homelike,' the
' treatment of guests courteous; the. rates low.
The hotel Is situated - on Dwight way, one
? block west of the Dwight way station,' and Is
therefore convenient to the- Key" route
and S. P. ferry : systems, .i Ratesr per. day.
. transient, are from $2 to ?3," and per month
are. 53d to $50. according to a partments. • Bazi-
•quets and- wedding dinners will be -served on
' short notice In the most fashionable' and de-
lightful , manner. " All Interested in r this , an-'.
i nounccment 'are lnvltad 'to !c»ll at* the. house
; and Inspect .it."." Any 'further, information de-
sired •.vrlll b«'prordptly given. .-Tel: Dana 136.
'0 AKLAm A1)YER1ISEMENT3
OFFICE, 1118 BBOADWAY.
\ OAKLAND U REAL ESTATE. V- -v'.f r
."A, SNAP! - "' -'.'* -.
. : $1350' only. 1 ., for a " nice, •' 5-room '. cottage; : fur-
nlfhed; ; all j street work ¦ done : • half « cash ;- bal- •
ance on . mortgage. -•, P. C. LASSEN, 4G0 Tenth"
st.; i Oakland^, ; Cal. ' , .-;. /. - ~ i .:;
SNAP— Lot. i$lC5. 25x100.1 3 blocks 7 to' local;
*.;¦" snap. $2350,' 7-room house," 60-foot lot.'V.WM.'
¦V ' P.*-: TODD," 1070 :,Broadway,s Oakland. ;.-
/ OAK LAN D ; H otTsES TO ; LET.'- _~ :
•ELEGANT S-roomi house, "bath. « basement. '< at-"
¦• t jc ; - stable ; , largo \ grounds ; ; splendid ¦ locality ;
' easy walk ;to cars, : locals 'and • school; ' photos
-•-¦In offlce: beaijtiful place: 'partly; furnished if
,- ' dcslrvd,' $-10; unftirnlshed, $35, , Including house
water: references required:- It Jji a'snap.:BUT-
.LiTiSRS &;BUHR1NG.' 972 r Broadway. -
OAKLAND "FOR-, SALE."
TO-MORROW r the' day for i bargains In • furni-
" "-: ;ure H. Schelhaa.s.ll th st.,cor.8tore,OakUui.
' modern house; use of parlor, ptaao," bath;
$5 and $« a week. .;- . ' -¦ •
ROYAL House, 126 Elll-s—lncandewent lights,
readlr.g-room, smoklng-rotrm and laities' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35<J to $150; week, $2
to $$; month. $8 to $30; elevator an ground
floor: rooms with hot ana cold -tcafrr; baths.
STOCKTON House. 41 Stockton st.— Nicely
furnished suites, als*> single; $1 W, $2 SO. $3
week. ._
EUTTER. 935— Newly fnrnUhed TO *___ m _____^
THE ST. KATHRYN, N.S.. cor. I^eaT«nwarth
and Ellis — Sunniest room* in ths city; ' nevr
hotel: Just furci*hfc<l freib and clean: hair
mattresses In every room; also hct and cold
water, baths, etc.; steam heat thitraghout;
elevator service and «very mod»f»i • conveni-
ence; rocma from $3 per week op.
UNITED STATES, 123 Ed(Jy, near Market — I0O
room». 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $» »«k; alec-
trie lights «no gas). runr-Jng water In every
room: elevator.read.-rooml free b'ls; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth— EJectrlc UgRS In every
room; 15c to $1 a night; 75c to $5 a w«ek;
open all night; convenient to all cars. .
VAN NESS ave.. 519— EleRant front parlor.-*
¦ and adjoicing suite for offlce or cteb. '¦¦*
VAN NES3. 1314, nr. . Sutter— Exceptionally
'desirable, sunny front alcove and single
room; newly furnished? modera conven-
iences; private; ref^rence^
WINC1IESTER Hotel. 41 3d St., near Market-
Most convtnlent and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to ?1 50 night: $2 to $*^ wees; elevator;
' .elec. .lights: reading-room; free bug; baggage.
A .BRANCH office of The OH for «••• reception
I 'of advtrtlsementi" an«1 subscriptions has been
opened. at 1008 Market »t.. oppc-fttt Fifth.
¦ Open' until 11 p. m. *
ROOMS AND BOARD.
- ¦- j.'- JjL -. v .-.-j njj-.arj-i.-i.rij-mij-.i-.i-i'ri'-i.ri-
,:" - EDGEMERE HOTEL.
:T31' Bush st.: above Powell: select flrst-
' class residential hotel; elegantly tarnished
- and table- unsurpassed; electric light; steam
heated: and privata exchange telephones la
every roooi; terms reasonable. if'-MIl'Wa
B, DU. CARPB. Prop.,
.'.' ¦' HOTEL BALTIMORE. ""
101B VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY. ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.*
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70&
HOWARD/ S41A — Flrst-clasa board with room. .
single or double. $S-$6 w«ek; American fam-
-'¦ ily; home cooklng;'home comforts; p'ano.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 418 Sitter— Sunpy suites,
single rms.; excellent table: moderate .prices.
O'FARRELL. 1420— Rooms with boar4;. sunny;
suitable for 2; bath; ohone. • . . . - ~*
VAN ' NESS ave.. 1714— Elegantly furnished
• »ulte»/ with baths; -also >lngle: homelik*.
. ' ROOMS' AXD HOARD WASTED.
BOARD and suite for one; • private family; vl-
- cinlty of park preferred; $40. Addrcas, with ,
rpferences. box 1352, Call office. ¦ ;
P)UYSI(JiA>"9 AND SURGEON*.
DrTcT CV O'DONNELL— Of flee and resldenc-s,
1021 ii Market st. bet. 6th and 7th; partictt-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD- skin and rectal diseases a s^sclalty.
: DR.- BALL\, 1073% Market st. '*¦:.'
REMOVED— DR. WONG i HIM. . herb , doctor:
treats . all diseases cf the human body ; for
past four years at 113-117 Mason; now l»-
. cated at 6B7 Geary St.; near Leavtswortlt.
DR.' TONO PO : CH Y; successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal herb doctor 'cures all diseases of humas .
• ,by,Bse of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO the famous b»rb doctor— All dls-:
k! eases 'cured by Chines* hirbn -* T4«.^ Clay st.
SEWIX'G '¦• MACHINES
DOMESTIC — Tha : machine tor family : us»; ¦
: best * is • cheapest ; - second-nand all makes t at
'" any > Price in all * kinds rented lowest "t- rates."
PowegUc offlce. 1021. Market, near Sbtth.
NEW "• HOME— See our •". n«~ ? trtsl»-f e«d - ma- ? "
chines; flightly used;-$ia $15. f20: iscond-
• hand. $3.~ $5, %»:- all style*; »uarantee-J. New
..- Home . Pewlng Machine Co..- 1051 Ma?kn st.
c • specialists. '¦'\:".S --'S
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISXS la EAKS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's irea:- :."
", mem " free Pr. CnttinghaTn. 204 : Batt;r;st.» : -
¦ SLOT MACH INKS. \
Slot machines. $25;- #inchen.^ $23; lK»«f». 'earn* >,
• , machlnes.$20.«> W.A.Bradford Co. .jltt Market.
.; Coutlhucd ou l*asu Fo«Xte«fc * :
THAN ANY OTHER- TIEDltFI AD y E H 1SING INI SAlsl TOANCISCBOAKLAND^ April 19.^-Mra.' Elizabeth
Kaufman," wife of Henry W.E. Kauf
man, secretary; to • the German C Consul
at San Francisco, 1 died in' San Francisco
last : night. Her home., had been : in
Alameda. The - funeral ; : will -:.' be" ' held
Thursday \ afternoon at , 3 o'clock ' from
Evers' .'parlors' in -.this city.
Death of , Secretary's AVife.
OAKLAND. April 19.— The. Board of
Supervisors, met in adjourned session
this morning and heard a supplemental
report from the viewers of the Scenic
Boulevard: Changes in along
thejroad necessitated changes in names
of owners and also the correction of
misspelled names. Further considera
tion of the matter . was put ; over • until
next Monday at 10" o'c.lock.'
Viewers* Report Ready.
OAKLAND, April 19.— M. Pozzl. , a
saloon-keeper at Fourteenth and Center
streets, told the police to-day, that one
of- four men. who had been refused a
drink last; night, at his place fired n,
shot at himyfrom^a pistol "after he
had chased them out: of thie saloon."
In ', the crowd; according to ) Pozzi, was
M. /Wymdr! who he suspects fired
the weapon. The police are looking
for Wy mar. - ,'\ ;: ¦' : .-';'-.
Takes-Shot at Saloon Man.
BERKELEY, April 19.— Hazel
Louise Foy, aged 15 years, and* the
daughter of John M. Foy, secretary
of the State Harbor Commission, died
yesterday- at the home of her. aunt,
Mrs. ; Samuel Foy, in Los Angeles,
where she had been for her health.'
She had long, suffered from heart dis
ease. The body will be brought to
Berkeley for burial. \ A
Young Girl Passes Away.
BERKELEY, April 19.— The cor
nerstone of the new Carnegie library
was laid to-day without the usual
pomp '¦ or ceremonies that accompany
such events. There was present only
the workmen and the contractor,
Robprt Greig, who simply inserted 'his
business card ; beneath the stone when
it was 'laid. This setting aside "of
conventions was ..the result ' of the
anxiety of the library trustees not to
retard the work. •
Lay Cornerstone Without Pomp.
OAKLAND, April 19.— The Southern
Pacific Company has made application
to the City. Council for a franchise for
tracks on First street, connecting with
its main line, and running from Cypress
street on a curve to Fifth and Klrkham
streets, where its .new central freight
depots for Oakland wil be established.
This improvement will include one
freight station, 70x360 feet, with a sec
ond in hand. A freight warehouse and
large car storage pard will also be
equipped.
Wants Franchise for Tracks.
Wife Asks Divorce.
OAKLAND, April 19.— Suit for di
vorce was begun to-day by Josie Hall
against Harry Hall on the ground of de
sertion. They were married in 1897 and
have two children, of which the wife
asks the custody. There is no com
munity property..
Sailor's Body Found.
BERKELET, April 19.— The body
of a sailor was found floating off the
foot of Jones street this evening by
Aaron Fieldhouse. There was nothing
in the clothing that would identify tho
body.
OAKLAND, April 19.— Christina Ja
cobson, residing at 202 Howard street.
San Francisco, went into hysterics this
afternoon when she came upon John
Ampuero, a street laborer, whom sho
claims, as her common law husband.
The woman was removed to the Re
ceiving Hospital and recovered her
normal condition. She declared she
had been looking for Ampuero for
many months. To-day the woman
traced him to Telegraph avenue and
Albion street, and there created a
scene which ended In the calling of
the police wagon.
Ampuero exhibited considerable
concern about the case and accompa
nied the patient to the hospital. He
denied she had any claims upon him
and said he was lawfully wedded to
another woman. Ampuero lives at
1216 Clay street.
and Man Denies He Is Wedded
to Her.
Searching: Woman Goes Into Hysterics.
CLAIMS TO IIAVK FOUXD
LONG LOST HUSBAND
The Teamsters' Union has adopted
the following schedule of fines for vio
lations of the rules of the union: For
patronizing Japanese or non-union
restaurants, $5;* patronizing unfair
stores, $2 50; not parading on Labor
day, $5;' attending meetings intoxi
cated and creating a disturbance,
frorti $1 to $25; for not wearing
monthly union button in plain view
before tho 10th of each month, 50
cents; for allowing • any man under
ban to ride or work, 52 50.
The District Council of Carpenters
formally denied last night that any at
tempt had been made by that body to
induce the Mill Owners' Association to
discharge the four men who were ex
pelled from the union some months
ago. The council also passed resolu
tions condemning the use of unfair
material in the Alameda County ex
hibit at the St. Louis Fair. :
President, Charles TV. Petry; vice president,
Mr. Wyne; recording secretary. D. C. Craw
ford; financial secretary. Jesse Fine; treasurer.
Mr. Edward; sergeant at arms, M. L. Oberlles;
trustees — Messrs. Richardson. Fllbre, Gardener,
Koley and Joslyn: executive beard and arbi
tration committee — Messrs. Bowen. Krueger,
Pratt and Kletzker; vlaw committee — C. M.
Conwell, Wyne, Keans, Clark and John L.
Davle. ' i
OAKLAND, April 19. — The Central
Labor Council nominated the follow
ing officers at the regular meeting last
night: • .
Ijabor Union News.
The Associated Women Students will give
an "at home" on April 21 In Hearst Hall.
The following named have been appointed on
the committee of arrangements: The Misses
Ethel Richardson, Florence Parker. Ethel Eg
gleston Effle Kroll. Sibyl Jonee. Alice O'Con
nell, Alice Bern', Helen Knowlton. Mary Gill
more, Marjory Lynch. Nellie McCarthy. Flora
Frickstad, Leverne Marshall and Laura Bone
stell.
The university orchestra gave the second
semi-annual concert this evening in Harmon
gymnasium, under the direction of H. M.
Kennedy. The programme was assisted by
Miss Ethyl Burrows and F. S. Gutterson. solo
ists. . . - '
M. Robert Dupouey will deliver th© first of
the Hyde lectures in French at 4 o'clock on
Friday In the Observatory building. His sub
ject will be "The Young Girl In Contemporary
Fiction." M. Dupouey holds a scholarship of
the French Minister of Instruction at Harvard
University and has been studying at Harvard
a year. He was engaged for these lectures
by James H. Hyde, national president ol the
Federation of the Alliance Francaise.
BERKELET. April 19.— George H. Brldft-
man. president of \ Hamllne University of St.
Paul. Minn., was a visitor at the university
to-day. President Brldgroan has come to Cali
fornia for his vacation and to see the sights.
He £as been at the head of Hamline Univer
sity since 1S83. .
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Alameda ; County.
- Cosmopolitan Mutual ; Building and ' Loan As
sociation • to John . Cuneo (single);; lot on S line
of Bon Ton avenue. I 410 TV. of I San Pablo ave
nue. '- TV . r >O. 8:133.85. E;50. )N, 1"4.05 . lot"4,
block D. Kllnknervlllp Tract."; Oakland; $10.",^ >
; -,' Frederick * J. ¦-, and . Caroline >¦ Edwards. -John
and, Sarah J.'Fcarn to 'John H.* M.- Flathmann,
lot. on KB corner, of West '-5 Tenth"; and > Union
! J. C. Edgar downer) . with Kern
(contractors), architect E. " J. "Vogel— All worlt
for a two-story frame building on lot : on. NTV
corner of Lake street an«l ' Fifth avenue, N
10O by W 27:6; $«350. |
Daniel Wilson (owner) with < O. A:' Creamer
(contractor), architect C.rA. Meussdorffer — AH
work except plumbing, gas fitting,' sewer work,"
palntln;, electric; work, mantels, . gas 'fixtures
and shades for a " three-story-' and basement
frame building (flats) on lot on N line of "Wash
ington Btreet. 105 TV of Leavenworth, . W 32:6
by N:7O;.$7117. ,: .\
Same ownr with G.C.* Sweeney (contractor),
architect same — Plumbing.; gas fitting v and
sewer for same on same: 4fl 025. * ' '-¦ * !
, G. Conn (owner) with Joseph A. Mclaughlin
(contractor); architect t- Charles -;H." Barrett —
One-story brick : addition to a', building on lot
on TV line of Mason street." adjacent to.Techau
Tavern on N; $1200.' v \ /
Walter "H. LInforth (owner) with O.'fA.
Creamer {contractor), architect ! C. A. ,' Meuss
dorrfer—All work except plumbing. ' gas fitting,
sewer ! work, ' painting.- : electric; work, ¦ mantels,
gas fixtures and shades for a' two-story, frame
building on lot on N line of Washington street,'
67 -TV.. of. Leavenworth. W ; S8 by N s 70; $5557; V
' Eleonora ., Howell " (wife ! of . John :¦ S., . owner)
with R. P.; Traxler.: (contractor), architect It.
H. 1 White— All ¦¦ work for alterations i and ' ad
ditions ' to a • two-story ; and '•' rough '-.basement
frame building -on lot on 'N ': line i of ¦ Pacific
street. 100 TV of Polk. W. 23:0 by N 100; $1377.
, Security Savings Bank (owners) with J. E.
Gllfion (contractor), architect Nathaniel Blals
dell — Brick and granite work for a two-story
lirlck building en E line of Montgomery street,
137:G~S of California, E 68:9 by S 40; $1778.
Same* owners with C. Krecker (contractor),
architect same — Timber and framing, tinning,
galvanized iron, metal, copper flashings. In
side, finishing for same on name; $5870.
Same owners with Western Expanded Metal
and Flrcproofing Company (contractors), archi
tect same — Flreproofing of floors, arches, cell-
Ings for same on eamp; $1950.
Same owners with George Goodman Artificial
Stone Company (contracCors), architect same —
Excavation, bul kneading, pumping,, cementing,
etc.. for same on same; $4434.
Milton H. Landers (owner) with Morris &
Pegel (contractors), plans by owner — All work
except mantels, gas fixtures and shades and
street connections for a two-story frame build
ing (flats) on E line of Third avenue, 275 N of
A street, 25 by 120; $4160. '.:.'¦ i
Thomas C. Arnold (owner) with-H. P. Ab
tott (contractor), architects O'Brien & Werner
— All wOrk except painting, art glass, heating,
gas fixture's and shades for a two-story frame
building on> lot on N line of Clay street, 137:6
TV of Spruce. TV 27:6 by N 127:8V4: $7984.
.Catherine Jones (owner) , with C. W. Duffle
(contractor), plans by • owner — All work ex
cept painting, papering, shades, 'mantels and
gas fixtures for alterations and additions to a
three-story, frame , building, 1112 Guerrero
street; $4000.
Annie. Leonard (owner) with Morris & Pegel
(contractors), plans by ,i owner — All work for
a one-story and basement I frame building on
lot on E line of Second avenue. 100 S of Point
Lobos. S 25 by E 120: $2400.
Charles G and Rose E.'Stuhr to Andrew TV.
and Iran M. Craig, lot on N line of West Park
street. 1S8:9 E of Holly E 25 by N 100. lot 57.
block 8. Holly Park; $10.
Frederick W. Wisslng to Joseph T. and
Julia A, Roberts, lot on SE corner of SIHIman
and Bowdoln streets.- E 60 by S 100, block 30,
University Mound; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Samuel V. and Julia J. Weeks and Gussle
F. and Charles K. Howe to Ernest R. Soo
rnann. lot on E -inc. of Mississippi street, \S3
N of Twenty- fifth. N 50 by E 100; $10.
Same to John T. Soomann, lot on TV line of
Pennsylvania street, 233 N of Twenty-fifth. N
25 hy W 200; $10. .
Augusta E. C. and TVilliam Otto to Ludwig
A. Frentrup. lot on W line of Third avenue,
S00 S of I,ake. S 25 by TV 120; $10.
California Land and Granite Company to
TV. H. Goddard. lot on S line of Lake street.
45 E of Tenth avenue. E W) by S 100; $18fH).
Mary >E. and George J. Bucknall to Mabry
McMahan. Outside Lands block 066. bounded
on N by O street, on S by P. on E by Twenty
first avenue and on TV by Twenty-second; quit
claim deed; $1.
George D. Edwards to same, same: $10.
Same to Harriet V. Urownell (wife of W.
TV.). Outside Lands block 1021. bounded on N
by P street, on S by .Q, on E by Twenty-first
avenue and on W by Twenty - second ; quit
claim deed; $10.
Mary E. and George J. Bucknall to same,
same: $10.
Medora. C. and L». Douglas Adam to Solomon
Gctr., lot 9, block C Grtz's Addition to Lake
view; $10.
Roy M and Elizabeth S. Henderson to John
J McCarthy, lot on SW line of Twentieth ave
nuo. 225 SE of L street, SE 75 by SW 100, lot
5 • block 403. South San Francltfco Homestead;
$10.
William A. and Corlnne Maddern to William
A. Jones, lot 18. block F. Sunset Heights; $10.
George M. Sawyer to Mary Sawyer, lot 1460,
Gift Map No. .1: $10.
Anna M. Hayden to Carrie Hayden. undi
vided of l&t on NE line of Twenty-;second
and Worth streets, N 120 by E 125. lots 5 and
6. block 4, Noe Garden Homestead; $1.
John F. and Anna W. A. Witzel to Thomas
II. Haskins, lot on W line of Jones street. 63:6
S of Chestnut. 8 6*:6 by W 137;6: $10.
Michael Forrest, Catherine Keating and Mar
garet J. Glennan to James E.| Joseph T..
Mary F.. Margaret T.. Frank A. and Vincent
P. McDevitt. lot on NW line of Minna street,
75 SW of Sixth. SW 25 by NW 75: $10.
Union Trust Company of San Francisco to
Michel H. de Toung. lot on E line of Kearny
street. 46:6 N of Geary. N 65:6. E 75 S 32.
SW 16:8. S 18:7. SE 4:4H. TV 2:4%. N 0:6, TV
67:7^; $10.
Annie le Gay Wllkins to Adolph Lietz and
Adolph Greub. lot on N line of Commercial
street. 137:6 W of Montgomery'. W 35:5 by N
P9:0; $10.
Daniel and Bridget Murphy to Catherine
Fitzgerald, lot on W line of Church street, 76
S of Army. S 25 by TV 80; $10.
Julia and Emanuel Epstein to Louis F. San
den, lot on S line of .Duncan street, 100 W of
Sanchez. W r 30 by S 114; $10.
Edward P. and Ida B. Gray to Samuel J.
Eva. lot on N line of Clay street, 68:9 E of
Maple. E 68:9. N 127:8*4 TV 34:4^. S 27:SU.
TV 34:41,*. S 100; $10; '
Leo E. and Michael S. Alexander to Nlcha-
Ics Rollings, lot on E line of Mission street, 150
N of Fifteenth. N 25 by E "160; $10.
Charlotte Gleln to Elizabeth. Walton, lot on
S line of *Elghteenth street, 230 E of Noe. E 25
by S 114; $5. . -, '
Clara W. Rog-ers to Mary J. Britton, lot on
S line of Fourteenth street 651 W of Castro,
TV 25 by S 115: $10.
Julia F. McGauley to ¦- William E. McGauley.
lot on S line of Green street, 100 W of Pierce,
W 50 by S 100: also lot on S line of Grov*
street. 135 E of Shrader. E 25 by B 137:6; $10.
William E. McGauley to Julia F. and Julie
C. McGailley, same: $10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Mary C. Fottrell (wife of M. 'J.) t lot
on NW corner of Sacramento and Devtsadero
streets. N 2t>:8Vi by W 110: $10.
• Henry. C. and Adrienne Black to Charles B.
Perkins, lot on W line of Ashbury. street, 82:6
N of HaiKht,' N 25 by W 100; $10.
A. J. and Emily J. Falrweather to J. Stew
art Fairweath«r. lot on ¦TV line of Stetner
street. 102 S of Oak, S 66:1, NW 119:11, N
1S:4, E 110; $10. \
Same to same, lot on TV line of Steiner
street. 102 -S or Oak, 3 06:1, NW 119:11, N
21:2. E 110: $10.
Orlando and Kmanuela Lippl to Giovanni D.
Magglora and Abramo Del Carlo, lot on N line
of Chestnut stre«t. 192:3 W. of Van Nes« ave
nue, W 27:6 by N 137:6; |1200. '
Arie Van Wle to John S. Howell. lot on S
line of Union street, 31 W of Octavia, W
41 by S 715; $10.
Agathe L». VilleKla to M. Simlnoff. lot on S
line of Ellis street. 77:6 E of Buchanan. S
l'-'O. E 51:6. N 60. W 25:9 N 60. . W 26:»,
quitclaim deed: $10.
City and County of San Francisco* to Fred
erick I/, and Hose I*. Prltchard, lot on N line
of llsyes street, 75:5 W of Webster, W 26 by
N 100; | .
Same to Susie A. Galvln (wife of Jeremiah
J.). lot on W line of Webster street, 137:6 S
of F*ulton. S 33 by W S2:6; % .
Richard E. and Catherine Dowdall to John
A. Doassans, lot on SW corner of Union and
Webster streets, - W 50 by S 77:6: $10.
Charlotte Glein to Elizabeth Walton, lot on
NW corner of Waller and Flllmore streets,
W 81:3 by-N 72. quitclaim deed; $5.
TUESDAY. APRIL 10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
. The crime for which Lee Ung Ock will
die was committed In Siskiyou County
on the 9th of June. 1902, when he mur
dered Wing Ga. He was tried and con
victed and afterward applied for a new
trial, but it was denied him. Judgment
was pronounced on November 7, 190'-.
and he was sentenced to be hanged
January 30. 1903. His case was ap
pealed to the Supreme Court, and on
December 12, 1903, that court affirmed
the judgment of the lower court, and on
the 29th of January of this year he was
resentenced to be hanged. on April 22,
1904.
ii SAN QUENTIN, ' April 19i— Lee'Ung
Ock, the Chinese who has been con
demned to death and is awaiting exe
cution, has twice attempted suicide
wrth a steel pen. Both attempts have
been made since his incarceration in
the death chamber, and In ¦ one in
stance he came near succeeding. To
day the condemned man was taken
from the death chamber and domiciled
in the hospital.
Lee Ung Ock has been acting pecu
liarly for some time. He was sen
tenced to be hanged next Friday, and
he was taken to the death chamber last
week and two guards assigned as
death watch. He was searched upon
entering the chamber, but no weapons
were d^covered, and since being, there
he has had no possible chance of se
curing any.
The condemned men are allowed to
write letters, and when Lee Ung asked
for an American pen he was given one.
While .the guards were not watching
he flattened the pen point out and
jabbed several holes in vital portions of
his anatomy. He was discovered, how
ever, before he succeeded in killing
himself. The prison surgeon sewed up
the lacerations and he was once again
put under surveillance. Despite the
closeness of the watch he succeeded in
cutting himself a second time, in the
same manner. "Warden Tompkins was
notified and, believing that the Mongo
lian was insane, wired for the Lunacy
Commission to examine him. To-day
Drs. Hatch and Clark arrived and
made an examination. Governor Par
dee was then telegraphed to by Dr.
Hatch and asked to grant a repriave
until a further examination could be
made. Dr. Clark stated to-day that
Lee Ung Ock was a very sick man, but
whether he was insane he could not
definitely decide upon first examina
tion.
SAN DIEGO, April 19.— The wind to
day continues steady from the south,
while the sky is overcast. Shortly be
fore 11 o'clock a light rain began to
fall and the outlook indicates more
than showers. Practically nothing was
added to the season's rainfall by the
showers of yesterday and last night.
SAN JOSE, April 19.— The rainfall for
the storm which began here yesterday
morning is 1:23 inches up to noon to
day, and fully twice that quantity in
the foothill sections of the valley. It is
still showery, with a south wind and.
indications of more rain. A heavy hail
storm occurred this afternoon. Snow is
falling on the. Mount Hamilton range,
east of this city.
HOLLISTER, April 19.— It has rained
eighty-flve hundredths of an inch up to
7 o'clock this morning and is still rain
ing, this puts the season's precipitation
ahead of that of last year.
NAPA, April 19.— Heavy showers fell
here last night and this morning. To
day the weather has turned very cold,
and a severe windstorm raged this
morning. The prospects are for a se-.
vere frost ' to-night, which would do
considerable damage to fruit trees in
this vicinity. The rainfall for twenty
four hours preceding 7 o'clock this
morning amounted to .43 of an inch,
making a total for the season to date
of 30.40 inches. Last season to date
the rainfall amounted to 25.41 inches.
MODESTO, April 19.— The rainfall
yesterday and last night In this sec
tion amounted to 1.25 inches. Great
benefit to the crops will result.
SANTA CRUZ, April 19.— The rain
fell in very heavy showers during the
night, and for , twenty-four hours the
precipitation was 1.65 inches, making
the fall -for the season 27.54 inches,
which is several inches above the
average.
SALINAS, April 19.— The first rain
this month began yesterday afternoon,
continuing during the night and to
day. At noon the heaviest hailstorm
ever experienced here came in from
the ocean for a few minutes. The total
rainfall at 6 o'clock to-night is 1.20
inches. &fK|
SHOWERY AT SAN DIEGO.
vTXOS ANGELES. .April . 19:— Showers
which commenced to fall here last
night continued up to 9 o'clock this
morning. The total precipitation for
the storm is .86 of an inch, making a
total rainfall ''for the season of 8.61
inches, against 19.30 inches for the cor
responding period last year. The storm
was general throughout Southern Cali
fornia and immense benefit to all crops
will result. Hay and grain were suf
fering as a result of the extreme hot
period ten days ago and the present
rain, came just in time to save them.
There are favorable indications for con
tinued showers.
BALLARD. April 19.— Rain began
falling at 3 o'clock yesterday and con
tinued all night. Over an Inch has
fallen and conditions indicate more.
There is much rejoicing throughout the
valley. The unusual hot weather in the
early part of the month did much dam
age to growing grain, but this rain
means thousands of dollars to farmers
and stockmen, as there will be abund
ance of hay and fair crops.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, April 19.— The
rainfall for San Luis Obispo since the
storm began at 2 pt m. yesterday is 1.72
Inches. There have been a few showers
to-day, but the sky Is now clear, with
some indications of frost.
COLUSA, April 19.— Rain began fall
ing here shortly after 8 o'clock Mon
day night and increased to a steady
downpour, the gauge registering .62 of
an inch. The storm was general
throughout this section of the valley.
Farmers and orchardists agree that the
rain came at exactly the right time and
the prospects now are that one of the
largest crops in years will.be harvested.
The dry north winds last week had , a
tendency to balds the top of the ground.
Haying will begin In about three weeks
and the crop will be large and of the
best quality.
GILROY, April 19.— Rain commenced
falling yesterday at noon and contin
ued steadily throughout the night, the
precipitation being 1.20 Inches, and
bringing the season's rainfall to 18.60
inches. It is still showery, with signs
of clearing. This late rain Insures rec
ord breaking crops of fruit and grain.
SANTA ROSA, April 19.— The rainfall
In this city during the night was 1.21
Inches, the total being 45.90 inches for
the season, 15 inches more than the
record of the previous season. A high
wind" accompanied the rain Monday
night and hail fell in showers during
Tuesday. - -
Mongolian Is Xow in Hospi
tal Pending an Examina
tion- As to His Sanity
Downpour Has Been Timely
and Prospects Are Splen
did for a Big Harvest
Ala A W 5s. — — |o T Co 6s.ll9U —
Bay CPC 5s.l00^101H Do 5s Ill»ill2»4
Cal C G 5a. — 105 Do con 5s. — —
Cal G & D g . Oceanic S 5s. — 76
m &. ct 5s. SO — Om Cable 6s. — 124%
Cal-st C 5s.U6*ill7U Pac G Im 4s. — 95>i
C C Wat 6s. — 102' P E Ry 5s.lO4?ilO5 j
Ed L & P 6b — 130 P & C H 68.104»4 — |
F & C H 6s. — 115 IP & O R 6s.H6 —
Geary-st 5s. J . — — powell-st 6s. — 114
H C&S 6^8.100 — Sac EG&R5s. 9954100
Do 5s .... —^ 37"'ir^T"""&~S"JV5s.m6 -11^4"
Hon R T 6S.106U — ' jsierra R" 6s. 110 —
L A Elec 5s. — 105 IS P of A 6s
L A Ry 5*. — 11J4I (l»09) . 107«il08
L A L Co 6s — — (1010) 108- —
Do gtd 6s. — — « s P of C 6a
Do gtd 5s.lO3 104 (1903)Sr A. — 102
LAP lem 5«. 99 — O905)Sr B.102"4 —
Mkt-st C6t. ~ 119^4 (1906) — 105
Do lem 6s.ll3% — (1912) — 1161$
MV& MtT»s.lO4 — SPC 1 eg 5s. — 119»4
ICRR of C6S.IO714 — Do stmpd..lOBi£ —
Do 5» 116^117 S P B R 6S.131 132
N P C R 5s.lO5 — 8 V Wat 6s. 104% —
N* C Ry 5s. 100 — Do 4s 2dm. — 100%
N* C P C 5s. 99 102 Do 4s 3dm. P9% .—
N S R R 5s. — 100 Stkn G&E6s. — flS
O G L&H 68.106* — V G & E 5s. — 105
O W gtd . St. — — j
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 36 " 40 (Port Costa...— —
Marln Co... — 61 js V Wat Co. S9% 40
GAS AND ELECTRIC. ¦
Cent L A P. 3», 4 Is F G & K. 63 63^
Mutual EL.— 13 U Stkn G & E. 5 — '
Pac L Co... 86 — |U G & E Co. — 33
. INSURANCE.
Firem'» Fnd. — 340 |
BANK STOCKS.' '
lAjn STU Bk. — 122>j L P & A.. ..152% —
Anglo-Cal .. — 87 Mer Trust.... — 220
Bank of Cal. 425 — Merch Ex. .. — ' —
Cal Safe Dp.145 150 S F Natlonl. — 155
First Natlonl — — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger 8 & L.2260 2350 |Sav & L So. — 100
Hum S &- L. — — I Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co. — —
8 F Sav U.C25 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California . . — 200 tPresidto — 40»i
Geary — so ,
POWDER.
Giant - 61H!Vigorit - 4T,
SUGAR.
Htna P Co. — 25c Kilauea S C. 3% 5
Hawaiian C. — 49 Makawell C. 214 22
Honokaa S C 11% 12% Onomea 8 C. — 27%
Hutch S P C 9 9% Paauhau S C. 13 —
MISCELLANEOUS
MVL n ri4:i°oo ?i "JIS; c Borx - - 170
Morning Session.
Board —
5 S F Gas & Electric, «s 90 63 00
20 S F Gas A Electric 62 75
Street—
50 S P Gas & Electric 63 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
.. J!2 s F Gas & dectric 63 00
$1,000 Contra Costa Water bonds..... 101 00
Street—
10 Alaska Packers' Aesocfation. ..144 00
5 Giant Powder Con 61 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid Ask
Bay CPC 6s. 9S%100 jSF & NP 6s lll>4 —
B L Wat 6s. — 117%|S P C R 4«. — ' 100 ''
Cal NW 5«..108%110»4 S P Co 4%s.lW> — '
II C Wat 58.100 — Run Tel 6s.. 113 —
RIs I Wks5«. — 107% fcuttr-et R5s.l05 113
EF Drdk 5s — 113% UR of SF 4s. 77 77U
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 24 — (Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils 86 — Nev Nat Bk. — 200
Cal G&ECor. 32% — N S R R Co. 9T4
C Jockey C1.I05 — N Cal P Co. 10»4 11U
j Cal Powder.125 — Oak Bk Sav.ll2tL
Cal Ship Co. 15 30 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal TI-fcT- 135 1O0F Hall A 6 —
Cen Bk. Oak 63»i 73 Orpheum Co. 12% 16»4
Chutes Co.. 6% — Pac S Tel.. .100 _
City & C Bk — 112 Paraf Paint.. 38 —
East Dynm.. — 250 |S F Drydock 60 —
DpntPwd pfd — JK> ISFASJ Coal. 23
Do com .. — 6* S J Wat Co. — 106
FN Bk. Oak.l20 — SO & MTgbt.125 -r-
FI'oK^r Thtr — 1% Swtes-A Bk.llft —
Frnch-A Bk.105 — lYuck Elect. 10 —
Ga« Con A.. — 22 UR InC pfd. 43 —
Hono P Co.. 13 15 Do com ..-9 —
Lon& SF Bk — 60
Morning Session.
$13,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 77 25
Afternoon Session.
Street —
22 Cal Gas & Electric Corp 35 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 46
A spoclated Trust Cert ]!» "0
Caribou 4 00
Central Point Con 70 "74
Chicago Crude 20 , ui
Claremont »;i • <J4
Jour ss 05
Giant 16
Hanf crd 175 00
Home 160 1 trj»i
Imperial 14 00 ....
Independence , 22 "•;' I
Kern 5 00 5;12&'1
Kern River 10 00 12 00
Monarch of Arizona 40 '.
Monte Crlsto e$ . 70
Occidental of W Va 16
Oil City Petroleum 43
Peerless ' 13 75
Plttsburg 15 2<>
Sovereign 40 42
Sterling ¦ . . . . 2 tiO
Thirty-three s (Ml
Twenty-eight -. 6 12% ' t> 50
Went Shore 2 65
Miscellaneous —
Northern Cal Power 11 00 16 CO
SALES.
Morning Session. - ,
Board— »
100 Caribou '. T.. ....... 4 00
100 Horn*; 1 r,n
200 Men U. Crlsto 70
200 Sovereign 42 \
Afternoon Session.
. Board — .
350 Home 1 GO
100 Twenty-eight Oil 6 25
100 Twenty-eight Oil 6 12%
Street —
1000 Independence, b 90.... 7.... . 90
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.'
Following were the sates on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. ' ..'/ -
100 Andes 331 100 Exchequer ... 30
400 Bullion 12| ¦>«"• Gould & Cur." HO
300 Caledonia ... 721 100 Mexican 2 10
200 Chollar 25 500 Ophlr ......5 37%
200 Chollar 24 500 Overman 36
V0O Con C A Va.l 70 200 Potosi 21
200 Confidence ... 1 00 1200 Potosi 20
100 Exchequer .. 28 100 Savage 44
100 Exchequer . . 29] 200 Sierra Nev . . 67
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia ... 74 100 Overman 38
100 Con C & Va.l 75 600 Sierra Nev .. C8
• 50 Con C & Va.l 70 700 Union Con .. B0
100 Mexican 2 25 100 Yellow Jacket. 2t
200 Ophlr .......5 50| ' •
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE. ;-:*•
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Excfiange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alpha Con .. 081 100 Occidental ... 84
1000 Chollar 26 300 Potosi ....... 21
100 Con C A V.I 72% 500 Seg Belcher .." 18
400 Con- C»& Va.l. 70 200 Union Con .. 88
1000 Con Imperial. 03 300 Union Con '..89
200 Exchequer -".': 29 300 /Tellow Jacket. 26
2"0 Gould & Cur. 30 300 Yellow Jacket. 25
200 Mexican 2 05 •
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher ...... ,351 100 Savage <f.. ..'.= 47
200 Bullion ....:. 13 300 Seg Belcher. ;. 14
100 Con C & V.I 72% 100 Sierra -Nev . . f»
700 Con C * Va.l 75 200 Silver, HIM .. ,-»9
200 Con C & V.I 77% 200 Union Con ..S3
100 Gould &. Cur. SI 100 Union: Con ..90
100 Justice. 13L 100 'Union ; Con ..01
200 Mexican -' 05| 100 Union Con .. 02
300 Mexican .. .2 07% 200 Union Con . . m
SCO Mexican .2 10 100 Union Con ..05
100 Con C & Va.2 25 200 Union Con . ; 94
300 Ophlr .....5 37% SOO Yellow Jacket. 24
lOOOphir 5 50
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. .
Following, were the sales on .the, San Fran-:
Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. '
170 Cent Eureka! OS! .'500 Ton> Belmoriti.i 62
1200 MacNamara . lSjlOOO Ton -Belmont.. 63'
178 Mont Ton...l 42%| 600 Ton Belmont.. «4
.450 Mont Ton ,:.l 45 1000 Ton Exten .. 77
500 Ton Belmont. *J
. Afternoon Session.":
200«Mont Ton...) 47%|2000 Ton Midway.. 37
000 Ton Belmont:. 64| ; - - ;
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS,
LANDS ARE SATURATED
GUAKDS FOIL HIS PLANS
Continued Prom Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
From Every Quarter
Indicate That the Rain
Has Fallen in Abundance
Chinese Murderer Awaiting
Execution Viciously Jabs
Himself With Steel Point
TRIES TO END
LIFE WITH PEN
ENTIRE STATE
WELL SOAKED
Bid.Ask.l Bid.Ask.
Colehan — 19; Ray & OBrien — 10
Esperanza... — , 01 1 Rescue — 08
Gipsy Queen. — 30|Ton Belmont.. 63 64
Gold Anchor. 15 24 Ton & Cal... — 20
Gold M Con. 04 10 Ton Exten .. 75 81
Hannapah ... 10 — Ton Fraction. — SO
Hannapah M. .10 — Ton of Nev. .9 25 10 00
Little Ton .. 22 — Ton N Star.. 28 —
MacNamara .17 20 Ton Midway.. 36 37
Mont Ton ...1 45 1 50 Ton Superior.. — 06
Paymaster... — CS United Ton rv 09 —
Ray Ton^r.. — -ii|\Vest End .. — 25
TONOPAH MINES
TUESDAY, April 18—1 p.«m.
Bid. Ask. . Bid. Ask.
Alpha ,08 lOIJuatlce 12 ' .15
Alta... '.. 08 (OlKentuck .....02 -04
Andes ....... 31 34|Keyes Graes.. — 1 00
Belcher 32 ' 34 1 Lady Wash .. — 0b
Best & Belch.l 85 2 OOJ Mexican .....2 20 2 25
Bullion ' 13 15'Occidental . - . 8 ? S8
Caledonia ... 73 7»jophlr ......5 62>4 5 75
Challenge Con 24 23 Overman ..... 3S
Chollar ...;.. 25 26 Potosi ¦-....... 20 22
Confidence ...105 1 15 Scorpion 16 18
Con C & Va.l 75 1 SO! Savage • - 45 4<
Con Imperial. 02 04 Seg Belcher .. 14 .16
Con NY.... 03 04|Slerra Nev .. 71 72
Crown Point. 16 17 Silver Hill .. 69 t>l
East Sierra N . 06 — st Louis — 10
Eureka Con.. — . 80 Syndicate .... 04 05
Exchequer .. 34 35 Union Con . . »3 V>4
Gould A Cur. 31 33 Utah 15 1B
Hale & Norc. R5 87 Yellow Jacket. 24 26
Julia OS • 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
Edward and Hannah Bergstrom to S. A.
and Leonla A. Eklund, lot on E line of Park
avenue, SO feet wide. 1115:8 S of San Jose
avenue. S 33:4. E 159:1, N 33:4, W 108:10,
portion lot D, block 58, Alameda PaTk Home
stead, Alameda; $10.
Charles F. Fletter to Augusta T. Fletter,
assignment of Interest in estate of Freeborn
J, FlPtter. to secure note made by first party
for $3000: also assigns life Insurance policy
No. 20.260, issued - by Conservative Life In
surance Company of Los Angeles; $ .
E. C. and Minnie C. Niehaus to Fred C.
Smythe. lot beginning 140 S of SW corner of
Bristol and Tenth streets, W 130 to a point S
to center Strawberry. Creek, thence along same
to Tenth street, thence N 80.20 to beginning,
block 82. map property Qaptaln. Bowen, near
Ocean View House, Berkeley; $25. ¦ ¦¦ . •
William Carey and Ada B. Jones (wife)
to Joseph J. Mason, lot on W line of College
avenue. 130 S of Parker street. S 60 by W
150.44, portion lots 4 and 5, block H, map
HUlegasa property. Berkeley; $10.
Adam and Mary C. Guenther to L. N. Mc-
Questen, .. lot on E line of Shattuck avenue.
87.14.X of Center street. N 41. E 108.77. S
40. W 115.M. lot 3, block A. Berkeley property,
meps Nos. 1 and 2. Blake Tract. Berkeley; $10.
H. A. Clark to Charlotte E. Clark (mother
flrst party), lot on SW line of Lincoln or Elev
enth and Peralta - streets, W, 100 by S 34:6,
block 712. Boardman map, Oakland: gift.
Elsie Ann and J. E. McElrath to George G.
Jlacklnnon, lots t to i> map McElrath Tract,
portion plats 48 and 50, Peralta Rancho. Oak
land; $10. ¦- .
Harvey II. Crane (single) to Neal J. Me
Keon, lot 2. block A,' map J. E. McElrath
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Ira and Charlotte A. Vaifghan to Thomas P.
Fenelon. lot on S line of West Tenth street,
153:3 E of Center. E 32 by S 120. portion lots
22 and 23, block 552, map Eighth Street Tract,
Oakland; |10. , • /
J. S. and Clara Myers (wife)' to Hermann
H. F. and Auguste P. Scheel. lot on B line of
Center street. 125 S of B S 25 by E 133, beinR
subdivision, C of lot G block 795, Map No. 2,
Watts Tract, Oakland ;' $10.
I A. W. I Anderson' and C. E. Freeman (trus
tees) to Frank M Davis, lot on S line of Grant
avenue or. Thirty-seventh street, 50 .W of Gold
street. W -233.17 by S 115. lots 58 to CO, 68%;
50S and CO}} and portion of lots 57%. 01. .62
and 63; amended map of subdivisions of Moss
wood Tract. Oakland; deed intended as a re
conveyance by said trustees In Interest of claim
existing between parties hereto; $10.
Annie E. Dolan (Cohen) to William F. Dolan
'husband), lot on N I line of Alcatraz avenue,
288. 3 E of Shattuck, E 40 by N .320, portion
of Vicente Peralta Reservation, Oakland; gift.
John Tuohy to Ellen Ashton (single), lots
11 and 17. block F. map Tuohy Second Addi
tion to Berkeley. Oakland Township $600.
A. J. and Sophie M. Snyder to Annie E.
Gale (widow), IcJ; 41. block 2035. map A. J.
Snyder's re:?ubdlvl3l6n of portion of block 2035.
Rowland Tract. Oakland; $10.
B. C. Hawcs (administrator estate Carl ; O.
Carlson) to Red W. Church lot on N line of
Weston avenue or Thirty-eighth, 82.5 W of
Ruby street, W 27.5, N 124.25 E 27.42. S
122.19. lot 6. block B map Broadway and Tele
graph-avenue Park Tract, Oakland; $165.
Rod W. and Mattle Church to Jens Hansen,
same; $10. .
streets. E 30, N 80:6 B 31:6. N 30. W 61:6,
S 113 :tf, block 5«2 Boardman's Map, Oakland;
$10. • ¦ ,'. - . " ' ¦-. .¦¦¦¦;. . ;. . ¦ ¦•¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO \ CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL; 20; 1904.
BERKELEY, April *1 9.^-The" home
of Conrad . Conners was ; burned' to
nightlatl West; Berkeley. _. The parents
of _i the ; ConnersTfamily ,weht' to J town/
leaving trie children •"in ", the , house,"
who; upset'a coal oil lamp. The ; loss
\vas$2000. *- *•' :
ConnersV Home > Burned.
Grand Jury Ready.
-OAKLAND, April 19.— The Grand
Juryheld a session to-day and it is be
lived that . by next Week it will be
ready to make . its , final " report." The
expert ; is through with his work and
a few minor matters are now delaying
this 'action. , George" Baxley," Supervisor
Kelly and Attorney. Dudley. Kinsel were
witnesses ; before the 'f jury . to-day, but
their testimony was of an unimportant
character. BBS
14
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
"WILDER— Inf this city, .April 13, 1004, Gard-
ner Knight, beloved husband of Gertrude
Barnes Wilder, eldest son of ElUa and. the
late ¦ W. C. Wilder, and brother of C. T..
W. C. and H. A. Wilder of Honolulu, a na-
tive of Geneva. Illinois, aged 40 years 2
months and 2 daye.
.IC7"Remalns at tho funeral parlors or
Bunker * Lunt, 266S Mission street. Mission
Masonic Temple, between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third streets. Interment Honolulu,
T. H.
SI'ECIAI, 3VOTICBS.
THE San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum
Ko--i»ty herewith gives notice that the fol-
i.iwlng orchan an«i half-orphan girls and
boys have been admitted to the asylum
«n" Haiti)' a'.rect from January 1. 1004. to
April I. 1W4: Violet Lundberz. <! years S
months: Stella Kern. 8 years 9 months: Ab-
t»i«> Kern. 3 yars 7 months; Uibella Bank.
!• y»«rs 4 months: Isabella Jaekman. 1"
<ear» 9 mnntta; ' Vaida Shar;\ (? year* a
months: Sybil M. Sharp, 4 years 3 months:
- carl \"05s. 10 yeats 10 month?; Rudolph
Vot-s. t» years; Edward Kern. 8 years 1
month; George K*rn, 5 yeare 4 months;
Frani IInniw> 9 ytars; Daniel L. Sharp. 2
>ean» 4 months; AuEusrtus Postel. ss years;
l*i»d*rlck Postel. J) years. SUSAN KU8-
f=ELI. KPOTTS. Secretary.
MiriliRl.VG AM) STAMMERIXO.
V1ELUOI.KNE IhEtltute. Van Ness & Market.
: promt*** cure if in fair health: hours 1 to 5.
TVPEWKITEKS AXU SUPPLIES^
AN exceptionally good No. M Remington. Nol 1
£mith Premier. S2J; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rental* $2 SO. Tba
Typewriting Erehanr*. 036 California it.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 *ach; fc-et par-
ticulars of I* £ M. ALEXANDER. 110 Most-
foxtry rt.
JD-HAXl) typewriter!" *old. rented, repaired.
Vl.Vbt.ter Typewriter Inspec. Co.. SOS Market.
UIVII)i:\D NOTICES.
6AN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ire Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Ua.au
tuildir.fi. 70S Market ft., opposite Third—
Fcr the half year ending 31st cf December.
1903. a dividend has been declared at th«
rate t>er annum of <1") twelve per cent oo
capital rtock and pa.rtlc!pa.tfag certificates.
free cf taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
rno posals.
XBSA8UBT Department, Office of General
*uporinten<1rnt I". S. L!fe-Saving Service.
Wakhmgtcn. I>. C~ April 11. 1HO4- Sealed
proposals will be revived at this oft&e*. un-
til 2 o'clock p. m. of Thursday the oth day
of May. 19"4. and then publicly opened, fcr
tutniishing mppliesi required for use of the
Llle-Saving Egjvtce for the fiscal year end-
ing lune 30. liXft; the supplies to b* delivered
at fuch points in New York City. Grand
H»\en. Mich., and San Francisco. Cal.. «s
mity \<f required, and in the quantities nam«d
in the i-pecincMtlonp. The supplies) needed
consist of bed* and bedding; blocks anii j
• heaves; cordage; crockery; furniture; hard- |
¦rare; lamps. Innterns. etc.: medicines, elc. :.•
I'atrir. oils, etc.: ship chandlery; 6toves, etc.; I
taola and miscellaneous articles; all of which '
• re enumerated In the specifications at- I
t«(.hed to the for»n of bid. etc.. ¦nhioh may !
lw obtained upon ajiriiiatlon to the office
or to ihe Inspector of Llte-Savlnir Station*.
17 Statp M.. Nrw Yurk City; Superintendent
Tweltth Life-having District, Grand .Haven,
UlcJC an<i Superintendent Thirteenth Life-
BftVlBg District, HCW Appraisers' Store?.
*v<n I'rdncisco. Cal. Envelopes containing
proposals ehouM he addressed to the "Gen-
• :al IX, S. Life-Saving Serv-
l«e. Washlrston." D. C." and markM on
t!ir oatsMc "Proposal for Annual Supplies."
'I he rigUi is= reserved to reject any or ail
bitl* and to v.aive defects, if deemed for the i
it.i. r"rts of the Government S. l. KIM- j
HALL. (Jeneial Superintendent.
UNIVERSITY of California. Berkeley. Notice ;
to cr>T!tractors>. l>uildfrs and material men I
Notice !¦ hereby given that sealed bids are '
•elicited for performing j^ie labor and fur- j
r.-.shing Ihe material* for i'.ie granite and
b-irk work for Californin Hall on th* grounds !
of the University of California at Berkeley. !
< allfovnia. arid t-aid bids will be received at
the ofnee of the Regent*. South Hall, Berke-
;• y. »l or » before 12 o'clock m. of April I
twenty-fifth. 1904. Plans and specifications !
• r said granite and brirk work have been
*<lcrted and may b^ examined Uai!y at office
<y. the Itfgrn?* Cham V a. jn. untfl 4 p. rr.
No bids wi',1 b» considered unlers acccm-
|.finiefj by a certified check or bond of bidder
in favor of the Regents of the University of
California, equal to t«>n <10) per cent of his
tiiJ with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
if wild bid be accepted, the bidder will duly
*rv.«-r into a proper contract to faithfully
yerftrm the duty and obligations In accord- I
¦BOB with eald bid and with the plans and j
•Ijeoificatlons which w* hereby required to b«
a pan of *uch contract. The" right to reject i
«iiy and all bide is hereby reserved. By or- |
dor Of the Ccnimltter on Grounds and Builii-
Ir-rf of the Board of Regents. V. H HEN- •
liERSON. Acting Secretary. j
UNIVEUSITT of California. Berkeley— Notice '
l« contractors, builders and material men I
Notice ic hereby given that pealed bids are i
>olitited for performing the iabor and fur-
nishing the materials for the superstructure
<>'. the central no* er plant on the grounds
«•>: th« University of California at Berkeley
«allfornia. end said bids wi!l be received at
the office of the Regents. South Hall. B*-r-
k«-!ey. at or before 1^ o'clock m. «<f April 2«
l$x>4. Plans and specifications of 5aid roper-
t-:ructur» of the central power plant have
b«-en a-loped *nd may be examined daily at
eifice of th? Regents from 5» a. m. until *4 p.
in. Xo bids will be considered unless ac- I
ti«nuia:ii»d by a certified check or bond of
bidder, in favor of the Regents of the Unl-
» fruity of California, equal to ten <10) per
unt of his bid with sufficient sureties, con-
ditioned t!-at if said bid be a<-r>.j>ted. the
bidder will duly enter into a proper contract
to faithfully perform the duty and obllga-
tior« in a"cordan<-» with said bid and with
the plans nnd specifications which are here-
by required to be a part of ruch contract.
B> order of the Committee on Grounds and
ttulMinc* "f the Board of Regents. V. H.
HENDERSON, acting pecretary.
6AN FRANCIS«'O'. Csl.. April 19. 1P04.—
Heal»-d rro:>osa Is. in triplicate, will be rp-
t*t\eti Ji°r« until II o'clock a. m.. Tuesday,
May ;'.. 1!»*H. and then opened, for furnishing
10 draft mules, required for use at I > residio J
¦ f K»n Krnnri*™. Fort McDowell.. Cal.. ami !
•San Diego Barracks. Cal. Government r*-
*erv*>* right to reject or accept any or all
bid* In whol» or in oart. Bid? will be con-
noercd for a less number of animals than
that stated. Preference given to articles
cr domestic production, conditions of price
and quality (including In the price of for-
eign production* the ««uty th»reon) being
equal. «n<1 such preference given to articles
of American production produced on the Pa-
cific «"nayt. to extent <if consumption re-
quired by the public service there. Infor-
mation furnished on application to WM £
PATTEN. Assistant Q. M. General, U. S. A.
chief Quartermaster.
MARRIAGE L.ICEXSES.
Marriage licensee were issued yesterday at
follows:
George w. Blacfctoum. O. 17 Fremont street.
err«1 Rofc Dolan. 3d, Chlco.
I >*i\* P. Schwerdt. 21. 1917 Ellis street, and
E'l*r"«l»u^hildt. 21. 14.-1 Colllngwood street
Gc-nr* F. McGrill. 22. C.I Bryant street.
«r«l Jo*er>h1n<- McLaughlln. 18. S23 Scott street
Ijtzare P< Metier. 21. Alameda. and Theresa
Ji dc« . l!s. city.
Henry Mejnecke. 21. 510A Fell ttreet. and
«<:ia Kis*. 21. S1OA Fell street.
M'illlam Alexander, 2»». r»2»i Kearriy street
• n<l Gertrude S|>enoer. 2ft. I»f Angc!c»
William Abel. 28, 5CH Mission street, and
lea SmoltiKkl. S\ B3S Mission street
nilllRm L. McEiichran. 21. Spokane. '\\ ash..
sn<l Lillian J. Moran. 21. 227 Duncan street
Jnmet, A. Gilfether. 21. .'M) Hill street, and
M. i:itzubcth Cramerding. in, 217>i Austin avc
Wi'.ilam V. Douglass. 24. 1705 Dupont street
end Jennie M. Flee. 20. 290 Noe street
Loui* Baitenach. 23, IZH* Fulton street, and
IJcnriette Holder. 20, Ifil Belvedere etreet
Tom Ho. 42, city, and Chow Kum. 31, 1116'i
Ini|iont street.
ElM-MBPJA&ES^DEAiT
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by I
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in ut either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
•ori* authorized to have the «ame published
Notices restrlcu-d simply to the announcement I
of the event are published once in this column
Ir^e of charre.
— -— __
JON'ES— In Point Richmond. Cal April 14
1«O4. to the wife of Albert E. Jones, a son
LUMIESSA — In this city. April 15, 1904. to I
th? »*t of E. C Luchcfsa. a son. ¦ :
M.QUEENEY— In this city. March 25. 1904 to
the wife t.f W. M«-O.uecnoy, a daughter !
AVKSOLO— In ttis city, March 31. 1904 to the '
• if*- of L. \\>soi«,. a daughter. j
MAKRII£I>.
mcgrill— Mclaughlin— in thi« city, April
1». 15H4. et Sacred Heart Church by the '
H'v. Father Byrne. George McGrtll and Jo-
re?>hinr c. McLaughUn. both of this city. 1
Barwcll. C. Humphreys. D T.
Blair. Arthur K. Kelly. Hu K b '
. Hr»u«, <;rrp<*cntia Klrby. Jowph Y
Brown. Dr. Oiarlotte Mc<riurE. Amanda E
Buniliam. J. W. Meisvel, Phoebe
Camps. Jooerh Muller. Ix-na
<'ayot, Augustas M. Rowe, Mary V
I>olan. Benjamin Schoolmaker. Mrs.E. !
Frldegrr. Jacob Simpson. William
Gove. C«pt. I. W. Sullivan. Ellen
<;rady, Catharine E. Thlriweii. Thos l.
Guinnane, Mary Toel. Harry
Han«ell. G. i-^nink wilder,/ Gardner K.
Hcaic.y, Helena t
BAkWELL— In the City and County Hospital
April 1». l!Ki4. C. Uarwell. a native of Eng-
land, aged «5 years.
BLAIR— In Lob Gaton. Cal.. April — , 19O4,
Arthur Kirfcham Blair, husband of Edna
Ursula Blair, son or Mrs. LHlah Klrkham
Blair rYarde-Buller BUirt and the late Da-
vid B. Blair, and brother of Ralph Kirk-
Mim Blair, a native of Ran Francisco, aged
-4 year* 5 months and 25 days.
fcyinterment Holy Cross Cemetery 'to-
morrow (Thursday, at 8:45 o'clock.
ancuae-i. uu. cit>. April v&.vx*. cre^
ecntla Breuss. dearly beloved wife of M. A^
Breuss. and mother of Oscar and Albert
Breuss, a native of Ostrich. Uermany. aged
U7 years 5 months and 12 days.
CTTiicnds and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, frcm her law
residence, 2314 California street, between
Webster and Flllmore. thence to fct. Bonl-
Taoo's Church. Golden Gate avenue, between
Jones and Le«ven worth streets, where a re-
quiem hirh mars will be celebrated for the
repose of h.r toul. commencing at 10 o clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery:
BROWN- Dr Charlotte Blake, wife of Henry
Adams Hrown. and mother of Adelaide and
Philip KInc Hrown and Mm. Harriet L,. B.
DarUns of Brookline. Mass.. a native of
Philadelphia. Pa., aged 07- years. (Boston
papers pleaw copy.)
C?" Funeral services at the First Con-
grrgatlonal Church, corner Post and Mason
streets, at 11 o'clock, to-morrow (Thurs-
day). . Interment private.
Bl'RNHAM— In Oakland. Cal.. April 19, 1904.
J. W. Burnham. beloved brother of D. H.
and Alfred M. Burnham. a native of Ver-
mont, aged 74 years 9 months and S days.
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-dar
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the chapel of
tho Odd Fellows' Crematory. Interment pri-
vate. Cremation Odd Fellows* Cemetery.
CAMPS— In the City and County Hospital.
April 19. 1904, Joneph Camps, a native of
- j. aTortHKai, «fed 25 yearfc *; ¦ "¦r-^^r^*''~-~m~ ".t^V"
CAYOT-ln this city. April 19. 1904. Augustus
M.. beloved husband of Clara A. Cayot. and
father of Hthc'. Augustus C and Doris
Cayot. a native of France, aged 50 yeare 3
months and 16 days. (Orovllle, Cal.. papers
please copy.)
CT Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock, at
Mr late residence. 11O9 Green street. ' Inter--
ment private.
DOI«AN— Tn thl» city. April 19. 1804. Benja-
min Dolan, a native of Maine, aged 61 years.
FRIDEGER— In this city. April 18. 1904. at
the residence of Mrs. Terry. 2041 Howard
slreai. Jacob. beloved husband of Mary
Frideser, and father of John. DanlcL Eliza-
btth, Jacob. Mary ana Margaret Frldeger
and Mrs. William Provln**, a native of
Switzerland, aged 73 years 1 month and 20
day*.
E?"The funeral will take place to-day
AVednesdaj ), at Sonoma, on the arrival of
the 7:30 o'clock train from Sen Francisco.
GHaVE— In Berkeley. Cal.. April 17. 1904. Cap-
tain I VT. Cove, beloved husband of Eliza-
beth Gove. and father of Captain G. W.
Gove and Charles K. Gove. a native of North
Edpf-cnmb, He., aged- 71 years and 6 months.
G7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the family
residence. Center street. Berkeley. In-
terment iirlvate.
GRADY — In this city. April 17, 1904. Cathar-
ine Elizabeth Grady (nee Coleman), be-
loved wile of Walter M. Grady. and
mother of Clara Grady. a native of San
Francisco, arci 24 years and 5 months.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday).- at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 717 Devisadero street, thence to Sa-
cred Heart Church, corner of Fell and Flll-
more streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
rommencing at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Oofs Cemetery, by electric funeral car frcm
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. •
GflNNANE— In this city. April 19. 1904,
Mary, wife of .lames H. Guinnane. and
mother of William J.. Joseph P., James.
Harry. John. MargTierit". Edward and the
late Mary Francis and Emily Ixiulse Guln-
nare. & native of Philadelphia, aged 64 years.
(('harl«6ton, S. C. papers i>lease copy.)
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ftiily invited to attend tHe funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at *:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1 571 Church street, betjveen Dun-
can and Twenty-eighth, thence to St. Paul's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her »oul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HANSELU- In this 'city. April 18. 1904,' G.
Frank, beloved husband of Effle Hansell, and
son of GeOFffC H- Hansell. a native of Port
Townsend. Wash., aged 35 years 6 months
and 12 days.
CXFrionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the
Mission Maf=onic Temple. 266S Mission street,
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third,
under the auspices of Mission Lodge No. 1«9.
F. and A. M. Interment Seattle. Wash. Re-
mains at the funeral parlors of Bunker &
Lunt, 2666 Mission street.
HEAUCT— In thin city. April 19, 19f>4, Helena,
dearly beloved daughter of Michael and the
late Sabina Healey. and loving 6ister of Ber-
nard, Martin, Sabina and the late Minnie
Healey ane" the late Mrs. Kate Carter, a
native of San Francisco, aged 20 years 9
months and 23 day?.
C7 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(TTiurwlay). at S:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. S2 Woodward avenue, thence to
Miexion Dolores Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high ma«S will be celebrated for the
repose of nrr soul, commencing at i) o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Hl'MPHREYS— In this city. April 19. 1904,
David T. Humphreys, beloved father of Mrs.
J. Nirh'olas. Mrs. James Eagen and Mrs.
William Clement, a. native of Wales, aged
73 years 4 months and 16 days.
KELLY— In the City and County Hospital,
April is, 1904, Hugh Kelly, a native of Ire-
)an<l. aged 48 years.
KIRBY— In this city. April 18. 1904, Joseph
Yorke. dearly beloved son of Joseph F: and
Lulu L. Klrby. a native of San Francisco,
aped 6 months and IK days.
CS^The funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his pj> rents. 917 Guerrero etreet.
Interment private.
MrCLimG— In Oakland. Cal.. April 18, 1904,
Amanda E. MrClurg. beloved i»iKter of A. H.
Walker, a native of Iowa, aged 58 years.
tCrFrien<ls are . respectfully Invited to at-
tend the tuneral to-day (Wednesday), at 10
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of James
L. McCarthy, Seventeenth street and San
PaWo avenue. Interment private, Mountalu
A" iew Cemetery.
MEISSEL— In this city. April 19, l!>04, Phoebe,
beloved wife of Frederick Meiflsel, a native
of Hampshire, England, aged 76 years 8
months and l'j days.
MULLER— In this. city. April IS. 1904, Lena,
dearly beloved and only daughter of Carl L.
and Elizabeth Muller. nnd devoted sister of
Philip C. Hairy and Carl L. Muller Jr., a
native of San Francisco, aged" 23 years 3
months and 14 'days. A member of Minerva
Parlor No. 2, Native Daughters of the Gold-
cn West.
EyFrjend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 1S3 Fourteenth street, be-
tween Folsom and Shotwell streets. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
Minerva Parlor Xo. 2. N. D. G. W. — Offi-
cers and members of Minerva Parlor No. 2,
N r . D. G. W.. are hereby notified to atteud
the funeral services of our late sister, Lenu
Muller, at her late reeldencc. 133 Fourteenth
street, at 12:30 o'clock sharp Thursday. By-
order. LENA WILSON. President,
AGNES TIERNEY, Secretary pro tem.
ROWE— In Alameda. Cal.. April IS. 1904.
Mary V. Rowe. b«Joved wife of Albert Rowe.
and mother of Katie Rowe, a native of Ken-
tucky, aged 50 years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednemiay). 8t 2 o'clock, from the Union-
street M. E. Church South, corner of Union
xtreet and- Santa Clara avenue. Interment
Evergreen Cemetery.
SCHOONMAKER— In this city. April 19. 1904.
Mr*. Eveline s< hoon maker, a native of Phil-
adelphia, Pa., aged 74 years G months and VJ
days.
SIMPSON— In the City and County Hospital.
April IS, 1904. William Simpson, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 76 years.
SULLIVAN— In this city, April 1?. 1904. El-
len, beloved wife of Patrick J. Sullivan,
and mother of Cornelius J. Sullivan of New
York City. Mrs. Phil Brown and the late Dan-
iel R. Sullivan, a native of County Kerry,
Ireland, ased 71 years. (New York papers
pleas** copy.)
CTThe. funeral will takt place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her lato
residence. 1912 Flllmore street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, whe» a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
h*r i>oul. commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric
funeral tar leaving Eighteenth and Guer-
rero street* at 10:30 o'clock.
THtRLWELL— In this city. April 19. 1904,
Thomas Lionel, dearly beloved son of Rob-
ert and Maggie Thirl n' ell, and brother of
Robbie. Marcella. Jennie, Loretta. Walter,
Melville and Elmer Thlijlwell. a native of
tiati Franclwco. aged 2 years and 0 months.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 12 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, ;JIA Morris avenue.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TOEL— In this city, April 18. 190*. Harry Toel '
beloved son of J. W. and Margaret A. Toel'
and brother of Frederick Toel, a native of St
Louis. Mo., aged 38 years 6 months and 13
days. A member of Paper-Hangers' and
¦Fresco Painters' Union, L. W. 609. (St.
Louis. Mo., papers please copy.) '.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mxr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth ct.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 8a
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers-——.
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
' NOW at **M MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest EquUanents at Moderate Rates.
I James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
james McGinn & co..-
Foimerly With McGinn Bros..
—Funeral . Directors and Embalmers——
- 214 Eddy st.; Tel. South 676.
APVEBTISEMEirrai
Overland
Excursions
Where do they go? j
From California to .Omaha,
Kansas City, St. Louis and y Chi-
cago, with direct connections for
the principal cities farther eastr
Comfortable? f
Yes; they travel in Pullman
tourist sleeping cars.
Interesting? .
Certainly^ the route i3 thro'
Salt Lake" City and Denver,
passing the grand scenic pano-
Irama of the Rocky Mountains
by 'daylight.
Economical?
. Double berths, comfortable
for. two, cost only $6.50 to
St. Louis and $7.00 to Chicago.
Let me give you further information
by mail. A postal card, pivinn your des-
tination, will bring a detailed reply.
. W. D. SANBORN,
General Agent Burlington Route,
. ; 63 1; Market St.. San Francisco.
909 i.i .Telephoned Main 1188.TUESDAY. April 13—2 p. m..
' UNITED STATES BONDS." . .; .
Bid. Ask. { '¦'-, : .Bid. Ask.
4s or coup..l07141C8U Us qr cp new. 133 lM^i
4s/ qr reg. ..107%108U|3s qr coup. MOC^lOf?^
stock a:: j bond exchange.
Foreign Futures. .-,
LIVERPOOL. . i '.* . , : . .
Wheat— ->-'---C. May. July.:
Opening '•••¦: fi *%'••' :«-5%;
ClOKlng • • '••• 6 5i'j 6 5%
paris. .. . . -,-¦ .; :-;' -:
Wheat— / - April. vSept.-Dec: :
Opening • 22 25, '20 70,
Cloalng. .•• V22 30 ,"• ¦¦ -20 70"
-Flour — .',--,*' - '• '¦ ,- '- •'--':
Opening .:./.'.".'.. 2X 55 -'. , 27 95
Closing ....'.... V.. 28.45- : . ;-' 2805.:
Boston WoqljMarkct:^ 1 £\ '
. BOSTON. April .10.— The aggregate -of* Bales
in the wool market' the : past £Week*j has- beert
unuvually small./ •* What* trade, exists, f however.
is-4t steady- prices. t All,, the., Boston v houses
have . their representatives .Westt in
readiness, for. the 'advent, of the, new < clip; and
the tendency . is toward , dullness pending . Its
arrival. ; Pulled , wools are quiet,, as are ? ialso
the Territories,^ ;.¦ v,..:- '.. ..-¦ « : -i.V ;'¦'.«. ..
*'¦ . Montana— Fine cholce.*l81?l9c;.'flne average,'
17«18c;; fine 5 medium ' choice. 18@l!>c; ' average.
10©17c; staple,- 19®20c; * medium; choice.^ 1SS0
-The following, quotations are for good,' sound
Livestock; ' delivered - In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: - ¦»- .. . . ¦
-CATTLEr— Steers. .5)®i)c; Cows and Heifers.
7@8c;"' thin Cows. 4@5c per.lb. . *. '.- ¦
1 CALVE8- : -4@4Vic per lb (gross weight). J,
; SHEEP— Wether*. 4#e5c; :.Ewes,-454@4^c
pcr-lb (erg** weight),;, /. .
-¦• LAMBS— $2.7593 per head."
¦ HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 20O lbs.' '5%06c:
ovfr 200 lbs.;5%©5?ic; soft Hogs. 4";iQ5Uc :
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
¦Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follow?: ' '¦ - - ' .¦.•¦-¦.-
BEEF — 7 1 / 4'g8c for Steers and <6®7c per
lb for Cows. - - ' ' •*. ¦- • '• '.'- . -
: VEALr^-Large, 8%®9c; small, 8%iff9%c per
pound. - - >••..,..-.
MUTTON — Wethers, 9@10c;. Ewes, 8^@9%c
per lb. •"'• '' - .
LAMB— 12H®14c per lb. -
¦ PORK— Dressed Hosrs, fiV46Qc per lb.
Prices remain unchanged. exc-?pt for I.Smb,
which ar* -subject > to dally fluctuations,' ac
cording as they, are scarce or otherwise. .The
supply, of Beef, Veal and Mutton is ample for
all current needs and the general tone of ' the
market . Is easy. The . packers-- still complain
that there" : an>, too. many small and thin Hogs
coming in and say that they are not wanted.
Meat Market.
Asid* from - a -small advance < In some/of ¦ the '
mining shares there was nothing new yoster
day.: Business on the Slock and Bond Exchange
wa* very light. ¦ - . •
The Fireman's Fund. Insurance Company, has
declared a regular quarterly dividend of $3 per^
share, payable April 20. . . ' -.- - * .
Two more carloads of Ophir ore have been
shipped, making fourteen carloads now on the
way or In process of sale. ' . '4
The ' Shenandoah Consolidated Mining Com-*
pany of Amador County, has levied an assess
ment of 2c per share, delinquent May 18. •
The Pacific Coast Borax Company, will pay. a
regular monthly dividend of $1 per share
• A The Union Oil Company paid a regular quar
terly dividend of 70c per share, amounting to
$70,000. on April 15.
The United Petroleum Company paid a regu
lar quarterly dividend of $11«> per share,
amounting to $16,822. on April 15. v
Business Light, With Some Ad
vancc in Mining Shares:* "
Thore was very little new business to report
in the Potnto market..-* Receipts pf river, kinds
were very light and firmly held, $1 75 per cental
being, asked for some exceptionally. fine lots on
.the wharf: -.The Oregon steamer. brought down
7194* sacks, which" had not :been - unloaded up
to a late hour;-nRecelptH of.- new Potatoes .were
very light,. being' only 2.'S sacks, but.as carrled
over ¦ utock ' was abundant . prices • showed but
Httle 'improvement. ' Oregon Onion* . were weak,
while Australians were, fairly steady at un
changed rates..' . '<*&f*¥fByN&*h&i t 8^' f &&5iQ"C t &.
' Asparagus continued to arrive freely and tho
market ruled -weak, "with the bulk of the re
ceipts, going to I the canners | at S the ; minimum
¦ The' maximum jrate was | obtained
only- for • small lots t of - the very best' stock, 5c
being*, about thA^ top for the general market.
Receipts of- Peas": were lighter than , usual,, aa
the '.raln'lntei'eferedvwlth picking on the pre
ceding "day, " and , prices advanced sharply. Hhu
• barb was ln^oxceesive supply and . weak.'.Most
kinds #f ' Los Angeles vegetables were in . scant
supply. Tomatoes were in fair request
at ; $2 5003 * per crate. ¦ while | Los Angeles • and
Mexican-were dull. -'.The receipts of vegetables
Included' 1650 boxes .of. Asparagus, ¦ C48; boxes
of Rhubarb and 244 sacks of Peas. • • .• -. . - - .
i POTATOES-— BurbanksJ from i the river '$1 r>0
©1 65 per ctl u Oregon Burbanks..$l C0@l, 75
per ctl;. River • Reds.f $1@1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon jBurbanks. for. seed., $1 25<^l;5O per ctl;
Garnet Chlles/i $1 50^1 .75 . per ctl ; ' Early Rose,
SI 40®l B0 per ctl;new Potatoes, 2@3c per lb. 1
ONIONS^-Xellow,'$2 50®2 75 per ctl for Orei
Von and $3{&tt 25, tox. Australian; Green Onions,
4O«56Oc psr box."\-- . . ' .' : ."'-;',
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, ..¦¦ per ;': lb;
Rhubarb. 4O4iS5c per, box ; :,Green Peas, 2 \tjta\c
.per *-: lb; >'> String '.Beans. -.- /'per.'-v.lb; . To
matoes, ,75<**6$1 25 per box or crate for Los An-
Potatoes, Onions and; Vegetables.
Miscellaneous Markets.;!
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, April ¦ 10.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2WW1: market steady. ; Good to prims steers,
$.")(§ 5 60; poor to medium. $3 «0«?4 90: »toek-'
erp~ and feeders. $2 7n?fl 25; cown. $l"CO^.t 35;
heirors. $? 2504 CO; cannerR, $l-B0@2 40; hulls.
S2fi4; calves, fH^ 50;. Texas fed steers, '$4®
4T.0. **' . " . ¦¦:.¦¦ ; . .' '-'v 1 ! -' - ' .
HOGS — Receipts to-^ay, 15,000; to-morrow,
30.000; market 10ffl5c lower> Mlxe^ and
Twtch'ers. $505 15: good: to choice heavy. $5 10
fia 20: rough heavy, $4 95e5'10; light, $4 80<3>
5 10: bulk of sales, ?4 95«5 10. , - •
SHEEP — Receipts, i 12,000?-' nheep, steady;
lambM. steady to strong..- G nod to choice weth
rr*. $4 75«5 25; fair to choice mixed, *.'{ 50®
4 'jo; Western sheep. $4 2<l!S5 75; native Iambi*,
$1 50^5 75; . Western lambsr clipped. $4 70®
5 6Ti; Western lambs, wooled. . $5 75ftO 75. •'"
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, April 19.— On the. Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady:
creamery. '14(?Z23c: dairy, 13iji21c: eggs, firm
at mark, cases Included, - 18)£@i69ic; cheese,
dull. easy. 9@10 t ,4c " * •
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Wool market Is moderately .active, with
the clip coming In slowly. The ¦ feeling Is
steady. Several new descriptions of the spring
clip are, added to the list, as will be seen.
Hides are steady at about (he same prices,
with the market . devoid of feature. • .- >-dg5SJ
There Is nothing new In Hops, which con
tinue, quiet both here and In the. East.
. HIDES AND SKINS — Culls- and brands sell
about JA'Slc under, quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, b\l,c; medium, tf^c; light, 7«ic; Cow
Hides.'ftc for heavy. and 7%c for light; Stags,
0c: Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hides. 16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings, , 25'iS30c each;
short Wool, 404|U5e each; medium. 70®90c: long
Wool, $li&"l 50:' HOrse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large atjd $2#2 5O for medium, $1 25© L 75 for
small and. 30c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium. $l<gl 23
for small and SOc' for Colts. Buck Sktna— Dry
Mexican, 31c; dry Salted jMexIcan, 25c; dry
Central American, 31e. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras. 75c; large and smooth, 60c; medium,
35c: small. 20c. .
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4Vi<?4>jc P«r Ib;
No. -2. S%^t4c; grease. 2Vi©3c. --, -,.
WOOL — Spring clip — San Joaqutn and South
ern.* 12 months"; 9<gUe: do 7 months'. SglOc
per lb; -Middle Counties, 12@l(5c for free and
ll(014c for defective; Northern, l.'fil'c for free
und i:W\~'C for defective; Nevada, 12315c, ac
cording to condition.' • , ' :
HOPS— 24@27c per J lb for California, 1903,
and 17%@20c for crop of 1004.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
All quotations remain - as before and the
market continues dull,' ' with plenty of stock
on hand. The Chicago market shows no
change.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10V4c per lb for
heavy, lie, for light medium, 1.1c. for light,
lt'-jC for extra light and 15i.fl tic for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12-lic; Cali
fornia Hams. 11%©12V4c; Mess Beef. $10 50®
11 per bbl; extra Mess. $11 50^112; Family,
$12 BOffxlU; prime Megs Pork, $15; extra clear,
$24; Me^s. $18; Dry Salted Pork, 10^c; Pig
Pork. ?27; Pigs" Feet, ?5; Smoked Beef, 14c
per Ib. - " . •
. LARD — Tierces quoted at 694c per lb for
compound and'Oc for pure; half-barrels, pure.
9V1C; 10-lb tins, »%c; 5-lb tigs, 9%c; 3-lb tins,
10c. vfc-t .
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, STic; three
half barrels, 8%c; one tierce. 8%c;.two tierces,
She; five tierces, 8%c per lb. . .
Provisions.
Total sales of tronds aggregated $3,210,000
par value.
United States 2s registered declined V* and
the "s reRiKtcred and the new 4s advanced Vi
per cent on tall.
NEW YORJI STCCIC LIST.
Stookn — Sale*. HU-h. Low. Close.
AlchUon 40,400 73% 72M 72»£
Alchinon pfd 000 !)3",i 92^1 MVi
Ilalllmore & Ohio.. 14.300 SOU "itfK 79
Halt & Oliio pfd .... ;.;, 99
Tanadian Pacific... I, SCO 1 1 7 « i 116«« 110*1
Cen of New Jersey He
Chesapeake & Ohio. 4<i0 .'KS .11 « 31 »i
fhirago Ji Alton... 1«O 37% 37% 37U
Oil & Alton pfd 100 Koi* Ro£ jsoii
Chi Great Western. 20,000 16% 10U Iflii
Chicago & N W * iwil
Chi. Mil & 8t Taul. 19,000 145 mri 143?
C, M&StPpM .* . J74 T l
Chi Term A Trans " Zjl
chi tat pm .;;; il?£
C. C. C & Bt LouIk. 100 * 75 75 75
Colorado Southern. 500 17'1 17U iriz
Colo South lrt pfd; .'. .. .' 5 J .
Colo South 2d pfd - . 23U
Delaware & Hudson 4.100 155W 154 " 154
Pel, Lack A Went. 1,500 2C9>i 20S) 2S114
Denver & Rio G «.j?
Den & RiO G pfd rnu
Erie 0.200 27 2«H 2«4
Krie Irt pfd 70<) 65 «4% Va£.
Erie 2d pfd :.00 rj. 41 4|
Hocking Valley.. .... .... «a
Hocking Val pfd kou
Illinois Central .... lsoy.
Iowa Central. .... isu
low* Central pfd.. 35
K C Southern 1SU
K. C Southern pfd.. 400 35 ¦ 35 35
Louis & A*»h..... WK) lOKy' J07H 107%
Manhattan L .. 400 142% 141% . 141%
Metropolitan Sees.. 2,200 . 77% ' 7tf U 77U
MetropolltRn St Ry 31.700 114% 110% 111%
Mtnn & Bt Louis.- 47
M HtP&SSM.. 100 61- 61 60
M.StP & HS M pfd ..'.. 117
Mlwsourt Pacific... 1.700 M*i »2% , 02%
Mo. Kan A Texas.. 700 17 17 17
M. K A: T pfd.. .... 37
NEW YORK. April 19— The belief that ac
tivity awaited on the decision of the Harrl
man petition to enjoin the Northern Securities
plan of distribution proved true to-day when
the petition was refused, but it did not appear
that the decision itcelf was the cause of the
increased pressure to sell stocks which devel
oped ar.d which caused a sharp reaction in
the whole market. The first effect of the
decision was to halt the advance In prices
which was then in progress, but the highest
•prices or the day were touched afterward, and
when the decline was renewed a period of dull
ness Intervened which was more marked than
at any time, during the recent dull period.
Tho decline centered In United States Steel
preferred and was unexplained by any news
before the market closed. Authoritative in
timation* were given that the cont»-et against
the Northern Securltle* distribution will l»e
continued in other courts, thus depriving the
market of the assurance that '-jhl* disturbing
factor is removed by the deci*ifin at St. Paul.
The tone of the decision was interpreted a* an
cxpresxion of opinion against the plausibility
and strength of the Union Pacific contention.
This opinion was of disadvantage to . Union
1'aciflc and caused celling by speculative hold
ers who hav^ counted oif» the value to Union
Pacific of the projected control of Northern
Pacific and Rurlinrton. Northern Securities
on the curb advanced 1 St on the decision, but
lost it all in the subsequent reaction. The.
market closed heavy at the rally. Many mll
lion* were loaned on call at \\i per cent, and
interest rate* receded for all nalcs of lours.
Another large remittance of Japanese gold
from San Francisco wus followed by a further
sharp advance In sterling exchange bills. It
i« ruppoKMl that much of the Japanese gold
Is 5-hipprd to Han Francisco for the express
purpose of remittance to London In payment
of obligations for war material there. Th«
rrlvileg»s of telegraphic transfer from San
Franc:iKco to New York accorded by the Gov
ernment save* time and expense In this man
no of transmission.
Nezv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, April 19. — Close — Money on
call was I'M) 1 ruling, last loan and closing
bid and offered at l 1^ per cent.
Time loans — Were eat-y. Eixt*- days. 2^ per
cert; ninety days, 2\'<i-i per cent; six months,
3^tfi4 i>er cent.
Prime mercantile paper — 4g4lJ per cent.
FtcrllnK exchange — Was steady, with actual
bucinocs in bankers' bills at $4. 8745ft 4.8750 for
cenand and at $4>52534.K530 for sixty day*.
Posted rates— $4 85*i©4 86 and $4 SS.
Commercial bills — $4 &5.
Mexican dollars— 43c.
13onds — Governments, irregular; railroads, ir
regular. f
Nczv York Money Market.
The feature of the market at present is the
weakness in Prunes, which have recently de
clined, materially both here and In the East.
Holders are letting go at concessions from even
the low quotations, and the situation is very
unsatisfactory. Ralrins are still unsettled and
the packers have lately shown signs of selling
at a decline from the established quotations to
get back .their money, but there was a report
yesterday that the fractional difficulties which
have demoralized ¦ the market for. some time
'past were at last in a fair way to be settled.
There Is no change In Nuts or Honey, both
being oulet.
FRUITS— Aprjcots. 8^@10\&c for Royals and
ii'i"; li!e for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4Vi@
Cc; eun-dried. 3«4%c; Peaches, 5H@7Hc;
Pears. StJllV-ic; , Nectarines, pominal; Figs,
white, :i@4c in boxes; black, . -M«c; Plums,
pitted. 5@7^c per lb..
PRUNES — 19CS crop. 2@2Uc for the four
sizes.
RAISINS — The Association quotes the follow
ing prices: Standard grades. f>0- lb cases — 2
crown Loose Muscatels. !>>ie per lb;
.."{-crown. O^t; 4-crown, ti^c; Seedless Loose
¦JIU8Catels. iVtC-. Seedless floated, 4^c; 2-crow'n
Malaga loose. 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose. S a ic;
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached. 4V.c; . Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached. 5Hc. Layers, per 20
lb box — 6-crown Imperial clusters. $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters, $2 50: 4-crown fancy clusters.
$2: 3-crown London Layer3, $1 33; 2-crown
London Layers. $1 25; usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layer*. Seeded — Fancy lb-ox
cartons, per lb. 7%c; fancy'12-oz cartons, per
package, 6*ic; fancy bulk cartons, per lb, 7&c;
choice 16-oz cartons, per lb, 7%c; choice 12-oz
cartons, per package. «!«c; choice bulk car
tons, per lb, H4c; 10-oz cartfihs, ¦ seeded Seed
lings, Muscatels, per lb, 7c; 12-oz ** cartons,
seeded Scedllnsfs, Muscatels, per lb, 5?Jc; bulk,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb. ti-^c.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 l;S>4Q14c":
No. 2, Ilti!gl2c; No. 1 hardshell,' l.'lffllS^c;
No. 2, ll@HV£c; Almonds, HVic for Nonpa
reils. 11 for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
ami S)'4c for Languedoc; Peanuts, C@7c for
Eastern; Pecans. ll@1.1c: Cocoanuts. $1 50t&3.
HONEY — Comb. 10#lUic for white and SM
Si'.mo for amber; water white extracted. 5<@
B«c; 'light amber extracted, 4V4?M*»c; dark,
BEESWAX— 27029c per lb.
Dried Fr'uiis,Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
• O20fh Meridian— Pacific Tlmt-.>
HAN FHANC1SC0. Apr" 19— Z* p. ro.
Th» followirjf are the seasonal rainfalls Io
date. a» compared with those of. same date last
jf-tM.r.. and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
La« This Last
Stations— 24 hours. - f»-aron. season.
nur^ka "t.tS CO.S» A9.*M
Red IQuil O.57 2J».7O 2-T.lfi
Hacramcnto O.30 1«.49 1C.02
Han Francisco 0.40 19.70 JS.2S
Fresno O.30 7.'i5 H.M
Independence Tr. 2. .'.7 2.34
Kan Lule Oblspo 1.1S 15.71 IK. 4!)
Los Angeles O.M K.M 1». at
Kan Diego 0.03 4.1C 11.C2
THE COAST RECORD.
2 Sg S3 -Sjl SJ. g
STATIONS. J 5| 23 g%' f" £"
„ t » j, a. T =
; c c : • a
; 3 3 : • :
Baker 29. CO S4 4t NW Pt.Cldy .08
t.'snion 29. 7S SK 34 KW Cloudy -.18
nureka r.«.f«4 48 44 K Cloudy 1.78
Frtrkao ...... -.TJ.Vi ib 00 NW Clouly .SO
Weather Report
HAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.— The wfathcr vu
¦•arm and clear at the boginninir of the week,
with cooler, partly cloudy weather and light
•Slower* at the close. The rain was generally
too light to be cf ben<*»flt to the crops. Grain
U. !n fair condition, fcui, will need generous
rhowws during the r-rxtijiro werks to insure
rood crops. Alfalfa is fcak!ng rapid growth.
Hayieg is in prosres3 in some so^ione. Csr-
J»y la rapidly h«-aOnr out' in Madera County,
hnow «n the foothill* has rtlj-appearwi. Irrlira
tinn water le plentiful. Farmers are plowing
end cuKlvattn* orchard* and vineyards. Pai*-
turait* is plentiful nnd Block are healthy. Ktraw-
Jx-rnes are ripening and picking is in progress.
Almonds and apricot* are reported light, but
all other deri<!uou« fruit will probably yiicd
heavily.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.— Warm, clear
weather prevailed during the w«y>k. causing a
rari'.d rrowfh of all »egttatlon and er*.-atly Ixne
ft!ng waJnut« end deciduous fruits. The »cll
if becoming very dry and rain If badly needed
for (*rratn. hay rn.aH \ ¦:¦¦: tu;as' ¦ lc «ome ecrttons
it Is reported that the hay crop will be a failure
unless rain fails tiithin two weeks, fitrawbr;-
riri sTP ou the market in unusually large quan
tities and are above average in quality. I>e
ctdnous fruits ai-c tn pood confiitinn and acl
-.;.:!' .r.i,- rapiO'r- Work in orchards and vine,
yards is in prccix>Fs. Orange trr:«>« ,are well
Im^n with t!oEM>ms. *%
LO? ANGELES SL'JIMARY.- Another dry
we«?k vertoudy affected field cropH. grain turn-
Inir i*llow in plates. Ualet* rain comes soon
J'.eid croi** will b« fhort. Apricot ami cherry,
•."•-.- are In full Moom. Irrigatlun continues.
EL'REKA fiLMMAKY, — GraB* and .Train are
iimkittfe excellent growth. I'lowlr.g and seeding
»>roirr*>Mlng rapidly. The Bf-rcage of potatoes
l'in« plantwl is smaller than luet years. v Out
look for abundance of fruit very promising. The
•xmdltjon of etock U improving.
<-r<-hards and vineyards. In eome sections the
».oil Is rtlll too wet for the cultivation of hop
flrld* and the crop will probably be late.
Sugar beets are doing well. Green feed '*
plentiful In tr.ort places and cattle are in good
condition. Garden vegetables are growing rap
idly.
.Oranges are in blossom in the Sacramento
Va.l!ty and Southern California. Deciduous
fruite are advancing rapidly and with the ex
ception of peachee. apricots and almonds give
indications cf large yields. Strawberries of
exeeUeet quaJity are in market and the yield
It reported unuraally large.
SACRAMENTO VAJLLET.— Warm weather
mr.fl frequent ehowers during the week were
beneficial to crops. Grain and grass made
rood growth and fruit trees and vines ad
tanced rapidly. Farmers and orchardists are
engaged in plowing and cultivating. Grain is
looUinr well except In the overflowed district*
• nd will probably yield a fair crop in most
places. It is teported that hops on the over
flowed lands were not seriously injured, but
moft of the alfalfa was ruined. Work is pro
gressing on the Edwerds break, but part of
the piling has rpa'.n been washed out. Orar-geg
are in bloom. Strawberries ar« becoming
plentiful arsd shipments are in progress. De
nduoux fruit prospect* are excellent.
<*OAET AND BAY SECTIONS.— The weather
»»s werrn and partly cloudy during the week.
Lirbt rain fell in the central and northern sec
tions. Grain end grass are making good
growth ar.d give promise of excellent crops in
tcost places, but more rain will be needed
toon In the southern district*. The soil, in
rorMone of the northern counties is etlll too
wet for prof.tab> cultivation, but some work
I* belr.g done. Hops are backward, owing to
The heavy rains. Green feed Is plentiful and
tl»rk is doing well. Peaches and apricots will
piTbably be light In some eectionF. but all
other d*ciduous fruits show indications of
large crope. Garden vegetables are growing
rapidly. ¦
•if the San Joaquln Valley. Haying if in
progress in eome section*, but will not bt-come
peneral for a week or two. The outlook nt
present is good for fair crops of grain and
hay, though not as large as anticipated earlier
in the reason. Showers during the next two
wrrks w}JI be necessary to make even fair
crops in many of the southern districts. Far
(rrre are engaged in plowing and cultivating
The weather «u warm and clear in all sec
tion* at the beginning of the week, with
cooler partly cloudy weather at the close and
light fain in the central and northern sections.
The warm weather during the past two weeks
hae caused a rapid melting of the enow In thj
mountain district*. The ru»h of water has
again washed out some of the piling at the
Kdwards break and the work o£ closing the
leveeo has been retarded.
The Bhowers were beneficial to grain and
prass. which are now In very good condition
in all places except the overflowed districts
mid portions of the southern section. Rapid
Kt-owtii mmm fn«<1f during th* week, and bar
ley has commenced headlm*r out In some partb
GENETtAL SUMMARY
The weekly report of A, O. McA-die, section
rector of the climate and crop service of the
cather Bureau, is as follows:
The Weather and Crops.
held by the Bank of Japan, which stands in
about the aatse relation to the Japanese Gov
»n:raent that the Bank of Eneland does to
K-njrlar.d. was 99,787,000 yen, with a note clr
vLi'.atlon a«ln»t it of 200,259.000 yen.
Th« 8,800.000 told yen brought up from
•.pan by the Gaelic was eistrtbuted a* fol
lows: Bonrkong and Shanghai Banking Cor
poration, 3.000,000; Anglo-CaJlfornlan Bank,
1.100.000; Nevada National Bask, 1.O00.0O0; In
ternational Banking Corporation, 700,000.
Shipments from December 1. 1903, to date
to tMa port from Japan amount to 43,153,000
¦yen or K1.B76.G0O. consigned to the following
banks: Hongkong and Shanghai Basking Cor
roratlon, 18.150.000; International Banking
< "orporatlon, 8,603.000; Anelo-Callfomlan Bank.
f 550,000; Nevada National Bank. 8,250.00l»;
London, Paris and American Bank, 4.600.000.
According to advices received by the Gaelic,
under Cite cf March 12, the amount of gold
Japan and Her Gold.
EASTERN MARKETS.
S.E. Farallon.29.96 66 47 SW Clear .40
Flagstaff 29.6S CO 42 SW Pt.Cldy 10
Pocatello .... .29.50 64 4? PE Cloudy Tr
Independence .29. C8 68 44 E Cloudy Tr
Los Angeles... 30. 00 <54 60 SW Cloudy .M
Mt Tamalpa4s.29.05 42 37 \Y Pt.Cldy .€2
North Head... 29. 74 54 50 SW Cloudy .CO
Phoenix 2».74 88 64 W Cloudy .00
Pt Reyes Lt..2». 93 56 43 W Clear .22
Portland 29.72 «2 50 SW Rala .02
Red Bluff 29.83 52 50 SE Cloudy .57
Roseburg 29. S2 50 50 SW Cloudy .42
Sacramento . .29.112 51 50 E Cloudy .59
Salt Lake 2U.4S CS 5S S Pt.Cldy .00
Ran Francisco.r50.00 52 4« W Clear .40
San L. Obispo.30.04 5« 54 "W Pt.Cly 1.18
San Di*go 30.00 64 58 W Cloudy .03
Seattle 29.70 52 48 N\V Cloudy .42
Spokane 29.04 58 42 SW Cloudy .01
Tatooth 29. CS 54 46 NE Cloudy .00
Walla Walla.. 2». 54 OS 4S E Cloudy .28
"VVinnemucca .28. «8 58 40 W Cloudy .OS
Yuma 29. S2 64 54 W Clear Tr.
WEATHER"~CONDITIONS AXD GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The preEsure has risen rapidly along the
coart of California and Southern Oregon and
conditions are becoming more favorable for
fair weathtr.
Kaln has fallen throughout California, Ne
vada end Orrgon.
There has been a fall In temperature of from
eight to twenty degrees over Nevada and
Northeastern California.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Winnemueca, 40 miles. eouthweM;
Sacramento, HO. southwest; Point Reyes, 4S,
west; Independence. 40. southeast; Los An
jErelep. 2<>. gonthwet: Flaffstaff. 36, southwest.
and Moden#. 48. nouthwent.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 20:
Northern California — Showers Wednesday;
continued coo!: fresh south we«t winds.
Southern California — Showers Wednesday,
cool: frerti southerly changing to northerly
winds.
Nevada — LJKht rain or snow Wednesday, I
continued cool; brisk westerly winds diminish
ing.
San Francisco and vicinity — Occasional light
showers; light i^outherly winds changing to
westerly. A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
« FOR TUESDAY. APRIL .13. ~
Flour. <ir sks .. 14.804jShorts. «ks ..... K$
Wheat ctls .... 301 1 Screenings. , sks.. 200
Bariey ctU .... 1.540|Rye. ctU ....... 5*0
Oats ctls SCO Hides. No. ...". 42tf
Corn Weet. ctl. 6rt»lPeltfi. No.' .... 53O
Bean's sks 363' Leather, rolls r.". "-2C8
Potatoes sks .. - l,732J\Vliie-.- gala ;.'w. 76i4S<>
Onions, "ska ... 47 Lime, bbts .... 216
Bran sks l,500|Paper. reams ... 635
Middlings, sks.. 325IPrandy. palsi ... 1.25t>
Hay tons ..... 160|Chlcory. bbls .. -50
Hops, bales - 50 Tallow. ctU'.'.i 4AS
Wool bales ... 255|Sugar. ctls ....:. S.000
STOCK MAEKET.
Receipts of Produce.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2%-lb
standard. S5c; Green Peas — Petits pois. $1 35
@1 50; standards. 85c; standard, sifted, $1;
extra sifted, $1 15: marrowfat*. 82%c - - . •
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton;- New-Wel
lington, $£:- Seattle. $>: SO: Bryant, $0 50;' Bea
ver Hill, $0; Stanford. $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay. $•*> 50; Greta, $7: Walltend. %1; Richmond.
$7 50; -Cumberland, $13 In bulk and $14 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, ! $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 i>0<3i:J
per ton In bulk and $13 in sacks; Rocky-Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 20OO lbs and $12 gt>
per long ton, according to brand. -
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 4\e:
cases, regular, 5%c; ca.'es, extra large, tt^ic; •
Eastern style, 6V«c; boneless, 6%c; "Norway,"
8i4c; "Narrow Gauge," «%c; "Silver King."
7%c: bloeks. "Oriental." 6%c; Mocks, •'a'ea
bright." 6»ic; tablets. 7c; middles, 7£8}ic;
fancy boneless. 8V 4 @8%c; pickled Cod, bbls,- *8:
pickled Cod. half bbln. $4 75; Pirate Core Cod
Liver Oil. per dozen pints, $tJ; per gallon, $3 25.
less 10 per cent. ¦- . - ¦ -.'- - - ,
CORDAGE — The local . company- quotes as
followb 60 days or % per cent discount, for
cash, no sales under 10.000 lbs;- Manila. 14%c;
Sisal, 10%c; Duplex. 0%c; Bale IU>pe. lli»'<*
ll%c per lb. ' . . ..".-
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 14«15%c for strictly
prime to fancy washed; 12%®13%c. for prime
.washed; 11%©12Uc for. good washed: ll%'(jfl.: c
for good to prime washed peaberry; 10@llc for
good to prime peaberry; ll«12%c for good to
prime; 0'&10%c fpr fair; i*SS8%c far common
to ordinary. - <r .. .*"'¦'
Salvador— 14@14 : >ic for fancy washed: 12%$
13%c for strictly prime washed; 10@12c for
good to prime washed; 9©9%c for fair washed;
10V-S13C for fair to prime, washed peaberry;
9%t*10c for good to prime semi-washed; V5f
tt%c • for superior unwashed; S%c for . good
green unwashed; 9%@10c for good to superior
unwashed peaberry; 7S8c for Inferior to or-
Nlcaragna— Nominal; 12U'B13*ic for prim« to f
fancy washed: 9%ftHc for fair to strictly good '
washed; 8U68%c for good to superior unwash
ed; 9%@10%c for good to prime unwashed pea
berry • ' - '
. Guatemala and Mexican — 14@15c for .fancy
washed: 12%013%c for. prime to strictly prime
washed: ll^Qll^ic for strictly good washed;
10%@llC for good washed; ft^kfilOVic for fair
washed; 8S9c for" medium :.7@8 V4c for Inferior
to crdlnary: 10%©12%c for fair to prime wash
ed Deaberry: S%©10c fcr good to prime un
washed Deaberry; S%@9%c for good- to su
perior unwashed. -.-,-.
LEATHER— Several slight variations In Sole
Leather will' be seen. Otherwise therie Is no
change. The market continues quiet. Sole.
heavy. 3Ogt52c: extra heavy. 32@34c per lb:
medium, I light, 24626c; Rough
Leather, 25(g27c; Harness Leather, heavy.
35{z39c for No. 1 and 29<S35c for So.
2; medium. 80®37c: Ught, 20®:K5c: Skirt
ing* No. 1. 40@42c; No. 2. 3«®3.Sc: Col
lar Leather. 15®16c per foot: Trace Leather,' 40
©44c; Kip, unfinished. 40<g50c per lb; Veal. '
finished, 50©C0c per lb; Calf, finished. 65cfi$t
per lb: Wax Sides, lCgl7c per foot; Belt Knir»
Splits. 14016c; Rough Splits, 8910c per 'b.
TANBARK— Ground. $20©2S p«r ton; stick.
$15«18 per cord. •
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for. cases. -"
add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and,
47c for raw; Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1., 70c;
Bakers' AA, $1 10<81 12: Lucol. 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut, 60670c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil In. barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 5uc
for "Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil; 85c: natural winter Sperm Oil. 80c; extra
bleached winter -Whale Oil, 65c: natural Whale~
Oil. 60c; extra iwinter strained Lard Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Lard Oil, 60c; pure Neatsfoot O11.'7.V;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. B5c; light Herring pll.
45c; dark Herring Oil. 43c:, Salmon Oil, 38c:
boiled Fish Oil, 40c; raw Fish Oil. 38c; boiled
Paint Oil. 35c; raw Paint, Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL— Water While Coal Oil, In bulk;
14c: Feari Oil. In eases. 20%cr Astral, 2O%c;
Star, 20%c; Extra Star. 24%c; Elaine. 26%c:
Eocene. 23 %c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline,-" In
bulk, 16c: In cases, 22%c; Benzine, In bulk.
13c; In cases, 19%c; SO-degree . Gasoline • Jn
bulk. 25c; In cases. 31c. '-* ¦» '¦'
TURPENTINE — 81c per gallon In cases and,
75c In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, ~f»
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7@7%c. according to
quantity. - 'JI •*' >'*
QUICKSILVER— $13 50<S44 50 for locil us»
and $41 25©42 per flask for export. : - ' ,?»
SALT— Bales, $1@1 25 for common and $1 50 ?
®1 t>5 for eranulatrd: Dairy. $7(S9 per
ton- Granulated , $.S®1»; Half Groumt.Uxvib
bags $4- do. 50-lb bags. $4 5«>: Rock Salt.. $3 75 :
in 100 and $4 in 50 lb bags; Genuine Liverpool,
$14, $15 and $16 per ton In packages of 234. ICO *
and 50- lbs respectively. • ¦ •¦* -
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com-'
panv quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb baK*:
Cubes, A Crashed and Fine Crushed, ft.PSo;
Powdered 5.50c; Candy Granplated. 5.u0cr
Dry Granulated, fine. 5.4Oc; Dry Granu-'
lated. coarse, 5.40o: Fruit Granulated.:5. 4Oc;
Beet Granulated (10O-lb bags only).. o.30c; >-.
Confectioners' A. 5.40c; Magnolia A. 5c:
Extra C 4.90c; Golden C. 4.S0i- : , "D. . ->
4 70c- barrels 10c more; half barrels. 23c more;
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more for Jill
kinds. Tablets— Half barrels. 5.90c; boxes.
6 15c* H. & E. Crystal Domlnos. H.40c peivlb.
No orders taken for less than seventy-nve,D«r
rels or. its equivalent. ?'•,•««#»
LUMBER— Plne>. ordinary size*. $IS§ 19; ex
tra sizes higher: Redwood. $1*823;* Lath. 4 ,
feet, $3 75-84: Pickets. $17!g25; Shingles. $J for
No. 1 and t $1 50 for No. 2; Shakes. $14 for
split and $15 for sawn; Rustic, $33®J9.. - f>^
BAGS— Grain Bags. 5%c spot and &%c Jun*-
July; t<an Quentln. $5 U>; Wool Bags. 32®33c;
Fleece Twine, 7©8c ....
CANNED FRUITS — The. California Fruit
Canners' Association quotes the following price
list;.- ¦ v -*.¦¦-¦¦.:. . ¦ ¦-- ¦ -'
~ . *s ¦ a .•» as
' t .JS I I ¦
FRUITS. ;:•* | P " I g
¦ • -, • - g p- : ; :
Apples $1 55 $1 30 *1 2U|$1 II]
Apricots 1 4O| 1 20 ....
Blackberries 1C0 1 40| 1 30 1 20
Cherries R. A 2 15 1 00 1 70 1 40
Cherries, white 1 75 1 60 1.33
Cherries, black 2 00 1 75 1 flOJlX5
Graphs ..., 135 V20.110 -1 0O
Yellow Free Peaches 1 50 1 30 •
Lemon Cling Peaches... 2 00 1 40 1 31)
Pears J CO 1 75
Plums 1 35 1 15 1 C5 .95
Raspberries ....:. 2 50 2 25 2 10L 1 0O
Strawberries ........ \ ..4 2 0O| 1 75 1 Wf 1 40
CHICAGO. April 19,— Cash quotations were
as follow*: Flour, dull and steady; -No. 2
sprint wheat, 87© 00c; No. 3. 85®l>5c; No. 2
red. 1)5 Vi <&***"*: No. 2 oorn, SO^&Tiftc: No. 2
yellow, MigMc: No. 2 oats, 37%ff38%c". • No.
3 white. aJ>lS«42c: No. 2 rye, «!8c: (food feed
ing; barley. 32<fr.3t5c: fair to choice, malting,
44055c; No. i,. flaxseed, SI OS; No. 1'North
western. $1 14; prime timothy weed, $2 80®
2 83: megs pork, per barrel. $12fT12 12V4; lard,
per 100 pounds, ?<5 47^jigo 50: t Rhort ribs sldM
<ir>of!e). jfrt 25«it H7>/i; short clear Hides (boxed),
M r>0i5J»J 55; ' whiskey, bafls of high wines,
51 28; clover, contract .grade, $10 75. ;
Articles — . ' • Receipts. ¦- Shipments.
Klour, barrels 2.400 -23,400
Wheat, bushels .........: 2S,<hm> 43,100
Corn. bu«h«>is .....'... 1.17,300 45,000
Oats, bushels) V.*.".. 101,400 . 122.000
Hye, bushels ' .*. .. . 8.COO ' 8,300
Barley, bushels '. ( 47,0OO ' • 14,100
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Pit traders ' and commission i houses bought
oats early in ->the sewsion on the strength *ln
the cash situation. The break In wheat and
corn induced considerable realizing,' resulting
In fl weaker tone. The close was almost at
the bottom. July closed *%c 'lower at 37>4c.
Provision) were strong early in the day on
an exre'-lent demand from prominent packing
Interests, but the market yielded to the ex
treme weakness In grains. The close was
easv. with July pork 5fj7%c lower,. at $12 22%
(ft'12 25. , July lard was down 2%@5c. at
?« «7%. Ribs were oft 2%?i5c at $rt 47>/.&
« 50. ' , ,r, -"
The leading futures ranged as "follows: ,
Articles — . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— . . • ,., ~ .
May !t2 - J>2 "M»,i' 91%
July, old 88% SS'i M*' t XT
July, new m% m\ . K>%
September, old. 83 1 * - Kl«<, 82% M •-
September, new *2% 82»i 8i% ' 81*i.
Corn No. '2. —
May .">2!i , r i2'i 49% 40^
July 5<»\i 5<)% 4!»% 40%
September 49% 4!l% »48% 4ST»
Oats No. 2— . ¦-
May 3M -»*»» 37% 37-li
July 37?; :t/T« 37V4 • 37U
September Sltf 32i>, 31% 81%
Mess Pork, per 100 lbs—
May 11 95 Yi 27% 11 92%' 12 00
July 12 15 12 30 12 20 12 25
Lard, per 100 lbs — -
May fl 47% « .V» 6 45: .6 3(1
July 6 02% » 75 0 «2% 0 67%
Short Ribs, per 1«K> lbs — • .- .
May fl 25 (5 3.5 « 22% 6 32%
July 6 42% tf 52% 6 40 .0 50
iii .the face of the declining tendency of
wheat, the corn market exhtbittd consider
able rirnmesB during the early part of the
Bfsslon. due largely to small receipts. Buying
by commission houws caused a moderate ad
vance in July and the. gain was well main
tained until near the middle of* the day when
a leading long ' brgan to Fell large -quantities
of May. Under these, offerings the mark»-t
broke severely.- the May delivery declining
about 2%c, nr.d July over lc.
Weather was favorable for farm jwork and
there was talk of freer acceptances of corn
by the West, especially Nebraska. One- reason
assigned for lh<? slump was that in order to
prevent the stlling of. any of these acceptances,
which are likely to rriule well, the big bull
decided to break the price of the May option.
The market closed weak and near the low
[•rice. July opened unchanged • to- 14c higher
at 50 1* 650 4c and cloced at.49U649%c. May
closed at 497ic,- .after having ranged between
4!t ; K0O2V.o. - - ¦¦'¦¦
CHICAGO, April 19. — May corn had a savage
break, of 2U on 'chance to-day, with Armour
an open seller. STfta goneral ; ' impression . was
that the bi»v line held by that house has"
been quietly liquidated during the - laut two
weeks and that the deal la practically * over.
Tlie Armour selling to-day began shortly be
tore noon and for an hour th« pit was In a
turmoil, anxious longs dumping 'their lines,
liglitins to get riii or th.e/r. corn before the
bottom went out of the ¦ market. • One repre
sentative of the Armour Cofcipuny sold per
sonally fully <iiH),<MH) bushels of May and made
no eJloit either at "concealment- or support
when the break tot under way. The. Armour
line originally was generally, estimated as
high aa 15.0Ou.000 bushels and It was'accum
ulated mostly between 47c. and' 53e. .'»• The
closing iirii-e to-day lor May was 4U%i. Just
2',ic under the tinal figures ot yeKterday.
Unanimity of reiiorts trqra. Northwest and
Southwest, that the weather ..Is excellent
brought out liberal sales of long wheat here
to-day. As a result July wheat: at the '-close
showed a loss of mi even cent. July corn Is
down %©%c. Oats are «ff %c and provisions
2',ic to 7 1 /'*-'. • ¦ ¦ ' '• ¦•
llain in Kansas, with an official forecast of
more to follow, caused bearish sentiment
among wheat traders at the opening. In spite
of firm cables, the market here was barely
Bteady, Initial sales of July being unchanged
at 8«%c. News from the. Northwest also was
discouraging to the bulls, the Weather there
bcln; reported aa greatly improved and that
a cood acreage is now almost assured. Long
wheat was offered freely from the beginning,
but the majority of traders were timid about
buying, notwithstanding the fact that the
numerous crop damase reports are still being
received from Indiana, Illinois, Missouri and
Kansas. The lack of demand soon started
prices downward, and for the remainder of
the session a decidedly weak tone was mani
fest. The market lacked any support. Busi
ness from out of town was chiefly in the na
ture of selling orders from the Northwest and
Southwest. A decrease of (117,000 bushels in
the world's visible supply, as shown by the
Bradstreefs — a much smaller amount than
had been anticipated — contributed weakness to
the general situation. After July had I de
clined to S5%c. there was little ostensible
support. A ylicht rally resulted, but the mar
ket closed weak with July at «5*4'c. May
1 isr-zed between 91 'jc and 92c and closed at
911f;C. • • .•',.-...>
1 4
future Grain and Provisions^
The Routhern Lima Bean districts got some
rain out ot the present storm, hence the feeling
is rather easier \ln this j description, . though
prices show no chanse as yet. There Is still
a fair demand , for assorted carloads of Beans
for Texas, but not sufficient to cause any ac
tivity, and the situation remains unchanged.
The Merchants' Exchange has adopted a No.
1 standard .for -all kinds of Beans. ¦ samples of
which will be «ent East to be used in case of
dispute over the quality " of shipments from
this State. , • • •
Thore is nothing new In Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 35(ff2 50: Pea. $3©3 25;
Butters $3 50<ft3 75; small White, $3(ft).T 10:
large White," $2 65^2 75: Pink. $3 3O<0t3 50;
Red ; $1,50; Lima, $3 20<S3 30; Red Kidneys,.
$4 50<fr5: Blackeyc. $2 15@2 25 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2@2 50... - '. ' . . > '
SEEDS — Brown Mustard $3 75(©4; Yellow
Mustnrd. $3©3 25; Flax; $1 80(81 90; Canary.
5Wffi5%c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14%fH6c: Rape
l%P'2c; Timothy,; 0«!6%c; Hemp, 3%@4c per
lb; Millet, 3@3%c;' Broom Corn Seed, • $20@21
per ton. . "' •',
DRIED PEAS — Blackeye. $3 per ctl: Nlles,
$3 25; Green, $3@3 25.
Beans and Seeds.
The Government yesterday awarded the con
tract for the 2332 tons for Manila to two local
firms — W. A. Miller & Co. and AnspacherBros.
— at an.average price of $17 50 per ton, with the
usual extra preparation, sucu as double baling,
etc.. The award will- not affect th? dally re
ceipts, as the two firms have the Hay In hand
wherewith to fill the order. The market con
tinues easy, as the rain has a tendency to
soften th* situation, but prices stand about the
samtt '.
Feediituffs are still quoted very firm at un
changed prices.
BRAN— $2CiST21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $25028 per ton. - - ",
SHORTS— $20<S 21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 50^25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2» 50<$31;
Jobbing, $32: Cocoanut Cake, $22@23; Corn
Meal, $30 50@31-50; Cracked 'Corn, $31(fi;32:
Mixed Feed. $21©22; Horse- Beans, $30@
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $14f/l»»; Wheat and Oat, $H#
15 60: Oat $11 ' WX915: Barley, $11@13; Stock,
$10«T12: Alfalfa. $10 50<813 per ton. , .
STRAW— 5O(g75c per bale.
Hay and Fccdstufts.
The local millers report a light demand for
Flour, th« average movement In cereal products
and a very firm market foi* Feeds. '-.'•".
FLOUR— California Family $ Extras. $4 80«?
B10. usual terms: . Bakers' Extras. $4 70(55;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 85@4 25
per bbl.
. MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages .are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 50' per. ,100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 60: Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $.1 50; extra cream do, $4 25;
Gat Groats. $4 50; Hominy. 84^4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 60(T''4 75; Cracked Wheat. -.«4;
Farina' W 30; Whole Wheat Flour, $-i 75;
Rolled Oats; bbls. $7 25(gS 60; in sacks, $ti 75ff
8 10; Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, box«s,'$7;
Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour' and Millstuffs.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... -r-i$4 8{J 1
Sterling Exchange, sight ........ • 4 88% I
Sterling Exchange.- cables «.;.... — \ 4 89«.4 !
New York Exchange, sight .. — ' V 12% I
New York Exchange ; telegraphic. . — - 15
Silver, per ounce : . .''. : : : . . . ': — ¦' ' ."U% ¦
Mexican Dollars, nominal ..'...... — ' 43%.
Wheat and Other 'Grants. \
WHEAT FREIGHTS — Remain quiet and un
changed at about 15s spot and 22s Cd for new
croi> loading. The chartered. Wheat fleet in
port has a .registered tonnage of 3451, against j
3470 tons on the same date last year; Uiscn- j
gaged, 83,100 tons, against 84,760; on the way 1
to this port, 226.4C0 tons, against 31C.4C0. . \
WHEAT — The foreign, markets, continued i
j quiet and unchanged. The crop looks favorable ;
all over Kurope ¦ as a rule, with seasonable j
[ weather. The English Financial Budget, issued
yesterday, did not reimpose the import duty on
gra'n. ' ¦ ¦' , ' .<•¦'¦. ,* ¦
Chicago was lc lower and featureless. • Th.e|
cash situation was reported dull, with export rf
business out of the. question and the mills not!
In the market, as there 'is no demand for Flour.
In the local market futures were lower, but !
there was no change In the cash grain. -
According to the report of the Chicago Trade
Bulletin the aggregate supplies of , breadstuffs
credited to Europe in all 'positions on April 1, '
1904, were 12,310,000 bushels mor« than re- |
ported on April 1, 1903, and 7.240.000 bushels ¦
more than on April 1, 1902. Advices from
Europe Indicate that the crops In that quarter
I are generally In a favorable condition. .In the
United Kingdom the acreage. will be small and
the crop lighter. than usual. , In France, Ger
many. Spain. Italy, Hungary and Roumanla the
I outlook for Wheat -is rather favorable. ¦ In Ttus
1 sla slight damage by frost in the southwest
j has been sustained, but In r other quarters the
I outlook Is fair. -
1 CASH WHEAT.*
I California Club, $1 37%@1 42%; California
I White Australian $1 47%f?l 57%; Northern
! Club. $1 3501 40; Northern Bluefitem. $1 47%@
! 1 55 per ctl.
• FUTURES. . i •
j Session 9 io 11:30 a. m.
: Open. High. Low. Close.
j December ... 1 32 1 32 - 1 31 1 :il
May $1 31% $.1 31% $1 31 $1 31
2 p. m. Session., ¦
Open.' High. ', LowV Close.
May — No sales. • ¦
December ...$1 31»i $1 31*i $1 31 $1 31%
! BARLEY — The market continues quiet, both
'¦ as to cash grain and futures. There was a Job
, bnlg sale of Feed at the top quotation, but for
; round lots most dealers named $1 M l A a s t° e
ruling figure. The feeling was weak, owing
to the rain, which extended from one end of
the State to the other, and was quite copious
' down south.
• CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 10®l 13%: Shipping and brewing,
, $1 17%@1 20; Chevalier. $1 ,15@1 20 . for fair
! to choice. ' - ¦ • -¦
; ¦ FUTURES,
i Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
I; Open. • High'.- Low. CIos;-.
! December ... 99 99%' - SO 90 Vi
I May— No sales; 10 aS-ked.
1* 2 p. m. Session.
j Open. High. Low. Close.
(•December ... 99 M> . l!S%\ '«>*%
I OATS— White are scarce and firm at the ad
| vance already-noted. Red are in fair supply
j and quiet, but firmly held. There are hardly
1 any Gray here and the quotations are largely
! nominal.
j White. $1 .10® 1 40; Black. -$I 25® 1 30: Ret?.,
J $1 25<trl 35; qriiy^ifl ;si:«,f!@l". 3'H£>e* 'Ctl..
i CORN — Remains as before quoted, the mar-'
i ket being quiet but steady, with sufficient , de
*mand to take care of the moderate arrivals.
i* Western sacked, $1 35<gl 40 for Yellow,
; $1 32 %®1 40 for White ami $1 .(OfflViS for
'Mixed; California, large .yellow.;$l 3501 42%:
: small round do.,$l 6<Wi-55: White. $1 4091-45
', per ctl: Egyptian. $l.40@l 50 for white and
! $1 27%@1 HO for. brawn. ; ..
j RYE— Quiet and unchanged, at ?1 SCifl 32%
I per ctl. • •'
i BUCKWHEAT— $1 75<52 per ctl. '
General Merchandise.
APPLES— $1(92 25 per box. .
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 50@2
for fancy, $1©1 50 for choice and 50c@$l for
standard; Tangerines, 75c@$l per small box;
Lemons. $2 50®3 for fancy. SI 5O@l 75 for
choice and $1?tl 25 for standard; Grape Fruit,
$1 25^72; Mexican Limes, $4 3n.fi 5 per case;
Bananas, $1 25??2 25 per bunch* for Hawaiian
and for Central American? Pineapples, $2
@3 per dozen. .. -r ¦
STRAWBERRIES — 75c£$l 10 for Long
worths and 25@50c per drawer for the larger
varieties.
Receipts of Strawberries consisted of eight
chests of Longworths from Palo Alto and about
twenty-two chests of the larger varieties
from Watsonvllle. The receipts included some
very poor lots, which were hard to dispose of
even at the minimum quotations, while choice
offerings met with prompt sale at full figures.
Trade in the Orange market was of a light
Jobbing character, as local buyers were dis
couraged by ; the Inclement weather and were
taking no more than absolutely necessary to
supply their regular trade. Prices were un
changed, and poor quality fruit, which consti
tuted the bulk of the supplies, was being offer
ed freely at liberal concessions. Tangerines
were offering again and • sold at 76c@$l- per
small • box. Lemons and Limes were quoted
steady at previous prices. The market was
practically bare of Bananas during the early
trade, but the steamer Alameda arrived from
Honolulu late In the day* with 4150 bunches,
nearly all of which were too giyen for Imme
diate use. • -
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
.CHEESE— 8£9c for good to choice new
and 7@7%c for lower grades; Young Americas,
9%©10c; Eastern. 15@16c; Western. 14®15c
per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 18@19c for fair to choice;
store, 15£>13c per dozen.
Receipts of Butter were the largest for a
long time, as will be seen, and the - marVet
continued weak, with dealers ready to make
concessions to close and larje buyers. There
was. no actual decline, however, i Cheese con
tinued In excessive supply and dull at un
changed quotations. ' - •
The feeling In ranch Eggs remained as be
fore slated. Some receivers were disposed to
get an advance, but the majority of the large
handlers quoted the market precisely as before.
Receipts . were about 250 cases larger than on
the preceding day, but the general tone of the
market was firm. Store Eggs showed a wider
range, - extra " good ' lots bringing as much as
fair ranch and poor lots going as low as 15c.
Receipts were SO.COO lbs Butter, 1787 cases
Egsrs and 11.S0O lbs Cheese. '
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 18©li)o
fdr extras and 17©17%c for firsts; dairy. 15®
17%c; store Butter, 13@14c; cold storage,-nom
inal. > -
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MABEETS.
1 1 ~c!l street stocks several points lower.
local stocks quiet, zcith more firmness in mining shares.
Sliglit changes in Silver and Sterling Exchange.
England does not rcimposc the import duty on Grain.
WHcat and Barley quiet and fractionally lozver.
Oats, Corn and Rye well held, bid quiet.
Flour in light and cereal products in fair demand.
Hay contract for Manila azvarded to local firms.
Rain keeps the Hay market rather weak.
Feedstuff s still in light supply and firm.
Southern Bean districts get rain at last.
Merchants' Excliange fixes standard for Beans.
Potatoes firmly held. Onions zveak. Vegetables arriving freely.
Poultry in light, receipt and firm. Game steady.
Cold wet zveather checks the demand for Oranges.
Honolulu steamer brings up a line of Bananas.
Butter weak, zvith larger arrivals. Cheese still a drug.
Eggs coming in more freely, but very steady.
Prunes zveak, zvith sellers making concessions.
Rumored prospect of a settlement of the Raisin difficulties.
Previsions quiet here and in the West. j
Hides quiet and steady. Several changes in Leather.
Additional descriptions of Spring Wool coming in.
Hops inactive, both locally and in New York.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs in sufficient supply.
BEEF— Prime Roast. 15filSc; Porterhous«
Steak, I>jf22%c: Tenderloin Steak. 15@lsc;
Sirloin Steak. 12%@15c; Top Round Steak.
12%c; Beef- Stew. 10c; Corned Beef.- 8 8 10c;
Soup Bones,. 4n; Soup Meats. 5'<il0c. . . t.
VEAL— Loin Roast. 15@2Oc; Shoulder Roast.
12%&15c; Chops and Cutlets, 15@20c;. Stew.
12%«t5c. "
MUTTON — Leg. 13c; Forequarter. 12%c;
Stew. 8@10c; Prime Chops. 15@20c.
LAMB— Leg, 20c; Forequarter. 12%O15c;
Hindquarter, lS®20c; , Shoulder Roast. 12%c;
Chcps. 20c. ¦
PORK— Roast. 12%©18c; Chops, 13@13c.<
These prices do not cover the cheaper grades,
an it is lniDoeslMe to quote regular prices on
them. , „ , . . _.v^' f -*"
The following retail prices for meats ar4
quoted by the Retail Butchers* Protective'As
sociation: ° . »
Retail Meat Prices.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
quiet,' with demand. light, but attractive grades
Etnadlly held. .Common are quoted at 4(& 5'/. c:
SUGAR — Raw, nominal; fair refining. 3 1-16
©3%c; centrifugal.. 86 test, 3 9-16c; molasses
sugar. 2 13-16C2%c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice.
7%c; mild, steady; Cordova, 10® 13c. 1 Futures
closed nel B points lower on all months s ex
cept February, which was net 10 points lower.
Sales were reported of. 70.750 bags.;- Including
May at 5.9005.95c; July. 6.15@6.20c; Septem
ber. «.40#«.45c;; October, 6.50©6:R5c; Decem
ber. 6. 70©0. 75c; Februarys 8.75@<5.85c • and
March. at 7c .
• DRIED FRUITS. ,\»
J»ETROLEUM— Easy.
WHEAT— Receipts. 7000 bushels; spot easy;
No. 2 red, $1 05", nominal, elevator, and $1 OtXii
1 09 (. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Dulutli,
$1 f. o."b. afloat: No. 1 hara Manitoba, nom
lnai. f. o. b. afloat.. Options experienced con
siderable heaviness during the forenoon under
liquidation based on rains in the Southwest,
easier cables and only light decrease in world's
strcks and heavy outside selling. Later they
weakened rtlll further on - the bearish weekly
bureau report and closrd %@l%c-net lower.
May closed at 02%c; July closed at 00c; Sep
tember. S3 11-lCc.
CORN— Receipts, 13.700 bushels: exports.
2100 bushels: spot was steady; No. ,2 nominal,
elevator, and f>5c f. o. b afloat; No. 2 yellow,
57c; No. 2 white. . 56c. Options opened up en
the strong cash situation, but. eventually felt
tb* Influence of wheat's heaviness and ex
tensive 6ell!n« of May by a. leading Chicago
operator, closing weak at partly %c net lower.
May closed at 55c., July closed at 54«4c.
HOPS— Out et.
HIDES-~<3ulet. .
WOOL— Firm.:
NEW YORK, April 19.— FLOUR— Receipts.
31.600 barrels; exports, 3<KiO barrels; market
very dull and lower to sell.'
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. April 19.— SpCcUl cabl^ and
telegraphic communications to Bradstreet's
show the following changes in available sup
plli'R of grain, as compared with last accounts:
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease. 1.117,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, Increase, 500,000 bushels 1
total supply, decrease, G17.0fK> buBhcIs.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rcckles. decrease. 949,000 bushels.
OatB, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 21.000 buEhcls.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW ORLEANS, April 1!).— Cotton firm
middlings. 14%c.
NEW ORLEANS
NEW YORK. April 1I>.— The cotton market
opened barely steady at an advance of 2tfl3
points in the old crop while the new crop
months wWe 3 points higher to 4 point* lower.
The close was steady at a net advance of
Cgll points on the old crop, while the new,
depressed by more favorable weather accounts),
wa« net 3 points lower, to 4 points higher.
New York Cotton Market.
Money — l(f 1% p«-r cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2%®2 7-16 per cent and for three
months' bills 2 7-lG«82% per cent.
Do 1st pfd 66% U S Steel 11%
Do 2d pfd 42%1 Do pfd <!0%
III Central ...... 133% I Wabash 20
Louis & Nash...in>il Do pfd, 40%
M. K & Texas... 15%!Spanl8h 4s 82%
P.ar silver — Steady, 24 %d per ounce.
Cons for money.. 88 N Y Central 119%
Do for acct.S8 1-10 Nor & Western.. 59%
Anaconda 3% Do pfd l»0%
Atchison 75H|Ont & Western.. 22
Do pfd H r -% I Pennsylvania 00%
Bal & Ohio 82% j Rand Mines 10%
Can Pacific 12<M,i Rrading 22%
Ches & Ohio 33 Do 1st pfd 40
Chi Great West.. 17 Do 2d pfd 33
Chi. Mil & St P. 1W A So Railway 22%
De Beers 19% Do pfd ,. M7%
Den & Rio G 22 So Pacific W)%
Do pfd 73 Union Pacific 85%
Erie : 27% Do pfd 95
London Closing Stocks.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS,
Adams Con 20j Little Chief 0<;
Alice 30!Ontario 4 2X>
Breece lOiOphlr 5 CO
I (runs Con o::| Phoenix 11
Com Tunnel (ftTotosi 21
Con Cal & Va.. 1 00|Savage 42
Horn Silver 1 3n| sierra Nev (VI
Iron Silver 1 SOi Small Hopes .... !."•
Lcadvllle Con ... 02lStandard 2 CO
Do coupon 107% I NR of Mex con 4s 75
Atch gen 4» 09 1 s|N Y C gen 3%s.. 0!s%
Do adj 4s 91WIN J C gen f.s 129%
Atlantic C L 4s. B.1%|Nor Pac-4? 103 «
lial & Ohio 4s...l00%i Do 3s 72%
Do ;i%s 84 I Nor & W con 4s. U7%
Central of Ga 5s.lO9 IOSL 4s & partlc. iU%
Do l»t inc 70>j|Pa conv 3 Vif. .\.:/>'i%
Chrs & Ohio 4%H.102%|Ueading gen 4s... US
Chi & Alton 3%s. 7«%|SL & 1 M con 5n.li:« '
C II & Q new 4s. 54 IS L & S F fg 4s. S3
CM & SP gn 4s.lOS%|St Louis S\V 1st*. 85%
C A- NW con 7s. 1 29 •<, I Si aboard A L 4s. «.S%
C. R I & Pac 4s. 72 |So Pac 4s •. . 8S%
Do col r* 79 |Ko Ry 5s ..113%
C.C.C A SLgn 4s.l(K)%|Tex & Pac 1stn. .IIS
Chi Term 4* 80 JT, St I, & W 4s.'«)li
Cons Tobacco 4s. 58 1 Union Pacific 4s. 104
Cclo & So 4s &5 I Do conv 4s.... M
C F & I conv 5r. 71%|U S Steel 2d 5s.. 7S%
Den & Rio G 4s.. »8>ii Wabash lsts 117%
Erie prior lien 4s. 9S I Do deb B «!2%
Do gen 4s 8<?%|\\* & L Krie 4s.. 8S-!i
F W & D C lsts.lC54i\Vls Cent 4s S9%
Hock Val 4%s...lOCUI
U S ref 2s reg..lO5%!u & N unified 4s. !K)%
Do coupon 105% I Man con gold 4s. 102
Do as rfg loe^JMfx Cent 4» . <i'J
Do coupon... ..107 | Do 1st inc . 12%
Do new 4s reg. 132% | Minn & St L 4s. Ji5%
Do coupon 1.«%[M. K & T 4s 99%
Do old 4s reg. .107"'il Do 2ds 78Vi
NEW YORK BONDS
Ntl R R Mex pfd .. .;.. 38V4
New York Central. 1.100 116H 116 11C •
Norfolk & Western. 2,900 5S?i 67% r>7-"Ji
Nor & West pfd.. ' S3
Ontario & Western. 000 2Hi 21 44' 21 Vs
Pennsylvania 4S.800 117*4 U0?i .117
P. C. C & St Louis X. .... VZVi '
Reading 7,700 44?s " 44 44«, j
Reading 1st pfd 78Vi 1
Reading 2d pfd 200 «4Vj C4>£ 64 \
Rock Island Co 6,400 23U 23% 22»i
Rock Island Co pfd. 200 63 U ««*» C3
StL & SF 2d pfd.. 600 47% 46% , 47%
St Louts & S W "..'.. 14
St Louis & S W pf d BOO 35& Si% 34%
Southern Pacific... 26.600 49 47% 48 ,
Southern Railway:. 2,300 21% 21?, 21%
Southern Ry pfd.. 2,100 85 H 85. 85
Texas & Pacific 1,000 24% 24% . 24%
T. St L. & W 300 25 vj 25» s 2o-ft
T. St L & W pfd.. 700 3S% 37 37%
Union Pacific ..6,700 S5% 83V4 84
Union Pacific pfd.. 500 02% 02& 92
Wabash I'OO l»>.i lUVSi 18%
Wabash pfd 17.500 38% > SS% 38%
Wheeling & L E.. » .... 18
Wisconsin Central 18%
Wisconsin Cen ptd. 2(W 40 40 39%
Express Companies —
Adams 221
American . . : . 185
United States .... 107
WHls-Rargo .... 204 ,
Miscellaneous —
I Amalgam Copper . 13,fKX) 50 49% 49 U
Am car & Found.. 1,500 19% 19 19
Am Car & F pfd 71%
Am Cotton Oil 300' 30 29% 251%
Am Cot Oil pfd .... i>H
Am Ice 7
Am Ice pfd 100 27 27 27 {
I Ara. Linseed Oil . . . ' SU j
! Am Lin Oil pfd - 2*
Am Locomotive ... 500 21 20»i 20%
Am Loco pfd £>1
Am Smelt & Ref.. 800 48 43 4S
Am Smelt & R pfd 1*2%
Am Sugar Refining. S00 127 128% 120? 4
Anaconda Min Co. 200 73 73 73
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 100.200 46% 44% 44%
Cclo Fuel & Iron.. 200 31% ' SI " 31
Consolidated Gas .. 3,500 20C% 2<'5ti 20<ii;
Corn Products 100 13V; 13<i r:!'4
Corn Products pfd 7«>i
Distillers' Securit.. 1.300 22 «i 21 % 21 '4
General Electric lKt%
Internat Paper 11
Internat Paper pfd. 200 C7*i 07 U <Wi
Internat Pumjj ..".. 3S%
Internat Pump pfd 75
National Lead 1.000 17% 17% 17%
North American .- .... — SI
Pacific Mall ' 26i'»
People's Gas 200 f»64 fiti'i Wfa
Pressed Steel Car.. 800 29 28 ] » 2S%
Pressed S Car pfd. 100 71 71 70»A
Pullman Pal Car 209
j Republic Steel 800 7«i 7% 7H
1 Republic Steel pfd. 300 46 45% 45%
I Rubber Goods -• lf'%
Rubber Goods pfd 7(i'-i.
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 200 r.SH XK<J 3S%
1 U S Leather <HX) 7% 7 .7
U S Leather pfd... 1,200 80 .79 79%
U S Realty 2,100 0% «% O',i
U P Realty pfd.... 400 54% 54% 54>;
IT S Rubber 71H» 13% 12% 12%
V S Rubber pfd... -'(JO 57 '-i 57% 57 U
U S Steel 1#.000 11% 10f«, 11
U B Steel pfd 41.700 50% 57% .*»S%
Westinghse Elec... 300 1K2 1«2 159
Western Union .... 100 SS% 88% KS%
Northern Spcuritie? 9<%
Totftl salpR ...44"J.70O
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, April 19. — No bond transac
tions to-day. 1
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4«i, asked 4%; preferred, bid
j 35, asked 33»i.
I Chicago Board of Trade.-
NEW YORK, April 10.— Tin wa» quoted In
the London market with spot 17s 6d lower at.
£120 10s, while futures were 12s 6d lower-a£
£126 2s Od. The local market for tin was
easier in sympathy with fofelgn declines, clos
inll at $27 5041 2b. • ' ':".-'¦ .-*•' ¦ "
•Copper declined 5s tJ<3 in the London market;
with spot closing at £57 17s Od'and futures at
£57 12s (id. Locally the ' copper market is
nominally unchanged. Lake is quoted at $13 25
@i:i<J2}i, electrolytic at " $13 12% Q 13 25 and
casting at $12 S7V-J&13 S2%. .- v .. ....¦„ .;• -
Lead also declined in London a matter, of Is
3d to £12 5s, but remained unchanged at $1 0U
©4 05 In the New York market. •' .--••¦ -
Spelter was linn locally at $5 2505 30. In
London it advanced 2s tki to £22 7s ed.
Iron closed at 52s 3d in Glasgow and at 44s
7%d In Mlddlesboro. Locally iron la steady
at recent prices. No. 1 foundry, \ Northern, is
quoted at $15 25015.75; Np.^2 foundry, North
ern, at $14 75$ 16 25, ¦'No. 1 , foundry Southern,
and No. 1 foundry. Southern, soft, at $14 25<3>
1475. - ' - ".• •• ¦¦¦.;-.
Nezv York Metal Market.
Sows,. 20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off.
and Stags. 40 per cent oft from above quota
tions. • » '.'.j :¦ . .. r. -¦>'•¦
.'-GAME — Gray Geese, $2 50®3 per dozen;
White Geese. 75fc@$l; Brant $1@2; Honkers,
$3@4; English Snipe, $3 60*94; corihnon Snipe,
$1 50@l 75; Rabbits $1 25i@2; Hare, $1 25.
: Another car of Western Poultry was on sale
and cleaned up -well 1 at steady prices. The re
ceipts of domestic were- a little less than 50
coups, and wltb the exceptionof small Broilers
all descriptions ruled firm at previous prices.
Occasional sales of fine large young Roosters
and good I heavy Hens were reported at an ad
vance over the maximum quotations, but the
general run of offerings sold within the quoted
range. Game was steady, with the demand
and supply about, balancing.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15@17c per- lb;
Geese, per pair, $1 75@2 25; Goslings, ;
Ducks. $5 50@G 50 per dozen for old and $6 50#
7 50 for.- young; Hens, $7®S . for . large and
$5 60@6 50 for email; young Roosters. $7'tf
8 50; old Roosters, $5@6; Fryers, $ti@6 50;
Broilers. . |4@-4 60 for large and $2@3 for
small;' Pigeons, 91 25® 1 50 per dozen for old
and $1 76@2 25 for Squabs.
Poultry and Game.
ST. LOUIS. April 19. — Wool steady: medium
grades, combing and clothing, lS@22c; light,
flne, 14@17^c; - heavy, v • line, 12@U &c;- tub
.washed, 20@31c.. - . :» / :
j Northern Wheat 'Market. :
-[¦<¦''¦¦-'- OREGON. ' . '
PORTLAND, April . ll».— WHEAT— Walla
j Walla, 75c; bluestem, 82c;. valley, -8O@Slc.
. WASHINGTON, x
TACOMA; April 19.— WHEAT— Bluestem,
S3c; club. 74c. :
St. Louis Wool Market.
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦•%-/-. * * .-.•.-
19c; medium, 15@15%c; medium, 16@17c; low
medium, 17@I6c. - • * '¦¦¦¦¦- -.?>-. ,-.. v •
Wyomine— Fine, 14%«U5c: heavy fine. 13®
13V4c; fine medium.. 15@13}ic; medium, 18@19c;
low medium, :l8@l»c. ¦*.-•' '¦¦' ¦ .'¦¦¦.< .. •¦¦
Utah and ' Nevada— Fine. 1446015c; - heavy
fine, 1301344c;' fine '-. medium, 15^®16c; me
dium, 18@10c; low, medium, 10.@20e.:..
geles and $1 25@1 50 for Mexican; Summer
Squash from Los Angeles. $1 25® 1 BO per box;
Cabbage $1 23 per. ctl; Carrots. 50c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers, 50c@$l 25 per dozen;
Garlic, 15c per lb: Egg Plant, per lb;
Dried Peppers, nominal; Dried Okra. 12Vj@15c
per lib; Green Peppers (Mexican), 20@25c per
lb; Marrowfat Squash, jobbing at lV4@2c per
pound; ¦,:-..¦-:. ¦./¦;¦:¦ • *
prime, 5^@5%c; choice,; 6i4@6^c; fancy,
PRUNES — Continue quiet " at | prices . ranging
from 3c to 6%c, according to grade. . .- :
'APRICOTS — Are ¦ meeting .with a moderate
demand and rule quiet; .choice are quoted at
0*i®10c; extra choice, 1OV4&1O&C; fancy,
ll(J(J3c. - •¦..::•- '¦. ¦¦•, ' : ,-. - * ; ¦-. : '¦'.'.* . '
PEACHES— Rule quiet but steady; choice
are held at 7%®7}4e;- extra choice, 7%®8c;
fancy, 9&@10c. * -
THE SAN FRANCISCO .-CALL', WEDNESDAY, APRIL, 20, 1904.
Continued oh Page Fourteen. .
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
fes £* .ife»
AUCTION SALE at "ARCADE HORSE MAR-
KET. 327 SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY. April
20. at 11 a. m., I will sell 45 good horses. JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. . ..-.-.-lx>c Cabin! "Tbe bread with *. flavor." Ask
>our dealer— whol*tal« — 000 Dolorca «U •
".'/The' arrival of "the steamer- Mongolia
was : the ? great 'event^alongV tho T> watcr^
front yesterday." ,j 8he^ exceeds kntlclpaV
tlons and ¦< is* certainly.' a" fine , ship.* Gas
ranges should "be" purchased, from' S.' F.
Gaa and 'Electric C<x,' 415 r Post' *t •
The will of Oscar V. WalkeV was
admitted to probate yesterday and let
ters testamentary were issued to his
widow. Ella J. Walker. .." The deceased
.in his will left his widow his entire
estate, estimated in value between
$50,000 and $60,000.
Walker's Will l»rbbatcd.
The alumnae of the. College; off Notre
Dame of San Jose held : a 1 meeting .'yes
terday at the College of Notre '; Dame,
Dolores, street, this "city, >Mfs. v^j;?J.-
Tobin in the -chair. "One tbf7the^ob-j
jects of the' meeting , was .to rconsider;
the gift by.the alumnae^pf a' gold medal
for "ladylike deportment" during "the
year. It; was; decided ito make,- the'pref
sentation annually. ; The next meeting:
of, the alumnae'.will . be' held [at;- the ¦ col
lege, Dolores street,* next r Monday aft
ernoon at. 2 o'clock, when the (officers
hope 'to see a:large attendunce. ' -- :\\.' f
To • Presjcnt Gold Medal. #
„. The. next "lecture .'in the educational
course the -Young Men's. Christian
Association. will be given next Friday
evening, April 2 J/iby Rev. George W.
White,: '.•pastor; -of - Central M.-'E.
Church," on the '^'.'Passion." Play." ' The
lecture '; jwill "be ;'illu"strated V by ; many
dissolving i views l-ot ¦ the • last - ; perform
ance of ;this . famous . play** at , Oberarn
mergau, at which: Dr. White s pres
ent, and ;his lecture will be from per
sonal experienced, -j. j: ¦ •
The Passion > Play.
The Civil Service Commission yes
terday sent, a communication to the
Election Commission disapproving of
the appointment of eight deputy reg
istrars, who are not on any civil ser
vice eligible lisL The first named
commission holds that the men should
be taken from the list of ordinary
clerks who have heretofore performed
the duties attached to the positions.
Disapproves of Appointments.
the ; influence' of Lydia H. Mooney." or
her, daughter,'; Ella, the principal leg
atees ; the will. ¦ The. contest was
brought iby^CarrielTalbbtt of -Redding,
a niece of the 'decedent," and other' reN
atives. . The. will disposes of , an estate
worth $60,000. • ;
-A-jury in. Judge Coffey's court yes
terday sustained "the 'will of the late
Elizabeth W. H.^MoxIey,. finding .that
the deceased was of sound mind when
she made t"he**tvill land .was. not under
Sustains Mrs." Moxlcy's Will.
The preliminary examination of Mrs.
Cordelia Botkin on a charge of. mur
der in caifsing the. death .of. -Mrs. Ida
Henrietta Deane by sending a' box of
poisoned candy to Dover,.' DeL, A * in
August, 1898, to Mrs. Elizabeth . Dun
ning, Mrs! Dcane's sister, was con
tinued in Judge ! Cohlan's court yes
terday. ¦ r < <i ." *;"V '•
The witnesses examined were Joshua
D. Deane,. the complaining witness;
Miss Mary A. Dunning, .who saw Mrs.
Dcane's ; father ..write his initials on
the* box of^ candy and: hand It to De
tective ' -McVey, and, John P. Dunning,
her - brother, whose cross-examination
was- not concluded when court* ad
journed. / . •' • " -. • . v
When Dunningr was giving his testi
mony ; - Mrs. Botkin kept prompting . her
attorney. ; She kept' her eyes stead
fastly fixed on Dunning, but . he avoid
ed her gaze. • Once, "while he was testi
fying ; to , the hilarious • times l' they, had
at -'midnight suppers, ' she^ covered- her
face •withiher handkerchief and i burst
Into tears..' ¦ " . \,^J. • — . '•'~
Her Preliminary Hearing on Charge of
Muitler" Continued Before Police
. Judge Corilan." '
MIIS. BOTKIX . SUKDS . TiEARS
WI1KN* DUXXIXG T12STIFIKS
The Inspectors of the Department of
Works removed six truckloads of
molding boxes from' the sidewalks
In front of the" premises of the Dow
Pump Works at 'Fremont and Howard
streets. Yesterday a representative of
the firm called on Commissioner of
Works Woodward and pleaded for an
extension of time to remove the re
maining obstructions on the side
walks. He was instructed to use' due
diligence in clearing the sidewalks.
When Galland arrived with the pa
pers he found an aged couple, who
were sick arid destitute and he hu
manely refused to evict Mr. and Mrs.
Connelly until some .provision had
been made to take care of them. Gal
land appealed to the Associated Char
ities, which agreed to take care of the
couple-for one. night. Galland again
decided that he would not evict them
until he had communicated with Un
der Sheriff Hynes with a. view to
sending them to the Almshouse.
tThe St. Vincent de Paul Society
heard of the case and Father Cum
ming!!, pastor of 6t. Patrick's Church,
stated that he would make provision
for the care of the aged people.
? '
Remove Sidewalk Obstructions.
A writ of possession was placed in
the hands of Deputy Sheriff Jesse Gal
land yesterday to be served on John
Connelly and his wife, who had been
sued for $33 as rental due for eleven
months on premises at 50 Jessie street
by W. F. Sawyer, attorney for J. B.
Haggin, who owns the premises.
Deputy Sheriff Cialland Hesitates Be
1 fore Serving Writ of Kjc»?lmcnt
on John Connelly and Wire.
An amended complaint in the suit
3f th« Henry Cowell Lime and Cement
Company for an Injunction restraining
Thomas Mannix, a master plasterer,
from violating his .agreement to pur
:hase all the lime used by him from
:hc plaintiff, was filed yesterday. The
amended complaint, which is a nec
sssary Ies:al step because of the deci
sion of Judf?e Hunt, which declared
:hat the contract could not be en
forced, asks for $1500 damages, this
:laim being based on the allegation
'.hat Mannix in violating the terms of
:he agreement caused the plaintiffs to
luffer pecuniary loss in that sum.
l.iinr Oomimny Arncuds Complaint
: After an hour/ or ¦ two members of
the factions got a bit talkative and
gradually* a bit of news leaked out.
From the . remarks of members ' of the
committee who ; are conservative in
their opinions it seems more than like
ly that there will ;be no- strike.
There is ho teUinghow long; the con
ference will hold - out, . as both parties
are searching for new grist for -the
millstones of diplomacy. .
Latejast. night it 'was. thought that
the : conference would corhe i to ah un
derstanding to-day. • •-"
All yesterday afternoon the members
of the Conference were closeted, in the
rooms of the railroad company's office I
in the Rialto building, and it was long
past business hours, when the meeting
adjourned., It was agreed U>y" the two
warring factions that there would be*
no account of -the proceedings given
out, ' and as the members of the com
mittee who ' are to settle the differ
ences of the giant, corporation and its
employes left th[e; meeting room they
maintained; a stolid mien that meant !
that no definite move-had been made.
Later -on ' it/ was; apparent that each
side was aflxious to claim that there
had been no 'weakening on its part
and that; it was, willing to fight to a
finish. - " *- '¦
There was no move, made yesterday
in the controversy that is now on be
tween the Union and the
United : Railroads. *•» . \
Protests' Against Schedule of Fees.
.The' .West -'of 'Castro Street Improve
ment Club "petitioned the -Supervisors
yesterday not to act favorably; on the
proposed new schedule of' fees ' for
building permits to be .'recommended
by the Board of, Works, claiming that
the "schedule" is -unjust.'- . ,
The. Quartermaster General's.depart
ment of. the army has awarded con
tracts amounting to $45,000 to members
of; the . Manufacturers' and . Producers'
Association for furnishing California
bay.' The bids j. were opened. April, 15.
The • hay is | designed for use in , the
Philippines. . ' ¦'* ..'"'' '...' ..¦..'
California Bidders Win.
No Change in Situation in
the 1 Controversy Between
Corporation- and Employes
'"if. you want, to fret there In < comfort rtak*s
on* of thc : roomy Union and -Southern Pacific
tourist -can>; with new lavatory and appliance*
and 'enlarged water tank. ¦ Past train and
smooth track- all .'the. way, 'without 1 change.
O6t In touch- with F.'F." Booth, "General 'Agent.
V.- P.- R. U.,1 Montenmery- street. .-»'. •.
Have You Business in Chicago or St.
: Louis? \
H. Seekamp will have charge of the
orchestra. New and catchy music
will be rendered. Tickets can be. se
cured at the convent- or- at Gallagher
Bros.* or Sherman & Clay's music
store.
Mrs. Lenore Greyen, wife of a prom
inent instructor,' will play one of the
leading roles. Among the prominent
young ladies who will take leading
parts in the production are Miss Kitty
Barry, Miss Elsie Gunzel, Miss Nonie
Peters' and Miss Maud Kilcommon.
Among the principals in the cast are
Harry j Wood Brown, the well-known
musician and sinser. Mr. Brown has
volunteered his services. He will do
much to make the piece a success. Mr.
Hunt, another well-known singer, is in
the cast. V' . , * •
The your^ST ladies have appeared in
several lijce pieces, and every pre
sentation-has been a success, so they
expect the coming venture to be a
crowning effort. They arc hard at
work . rehearsing the opera, and scenic
effects will be secured for the occa
sion. . .." ¦
The voung ladies of the Past Pupils'
Association of the Presentation Con
vent on Powell street are making -ar
rangements for an elaborate produc
tion of "The Mascot," a new comic op
era, which will be given under the di
rection of Mr. Schleicher at the Al
hambra on May 4.
CARMEN STILL
HOLD OUT HOPE
Officer W. H. Young of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Chil
dren arrested Thomas Hqrgan of 1537
Stevenson street yesterday for failure
to provide for his family. When the
warrant was served Horgan is, alleged
to have had his wife locked in the cel
lar and to have been beating one of his
children. * ¦ - • • '¦->• '.-.'.
Thomas Horgan Is Arrested.
Former Pupils of Presentation
Convent Strive to
The estate of John H.'Coleman>for
mer editor of the Virginia ; Chronicle,
who. died In this city in June, .1901,
was distributed yesterday to heirs in
this city and Ireland by "Judge Mu
rasky. The heirs who reside here; are
Katherine ; O'Brien, .. Mrs. Hannah
Murphy, Mrs. Ellen Crowley,--Mar
garet O'Brien and John •O'Callahan.
The estate is worth $11,000. .Attorney
T. F. Prendergast represented "the lo
cal heirs. '; •¦
Distributes Coleman Estate.
CLEVER GIRLS WHO WILL, TAKK
PART IN THE PRESENTATION
CONVENT T3ENEFIT.
REFUSES TO EVICT AGED
COUPLE FROM THE HOUSE
A. Ruef is trying hard to prevail on
the Mayor to promote Woodward
again and is sanguine that he will be
successful. Lynch has very influen
tial backing which the Mayor is anx
ious to recognize, while Rogers also
has prominent people working active
ly in his behalf, who would bring
strength to Schmitz's political aspira
tions. It is safe to say that one of the
three named will secure the plum, but
which one the Mayor alone can tell.
Mayor Schmltz will signify to the.
Board of Public Works to-day his
choice in the matter of the appoint
ment of a City Engineer to succeed C. :
E. Grunsky. and the iyime of the ap
pointee will be announced at the
board's meeting. The appointment has
been hanging fire for several weeks,
the three strongest candidates — Hen
ry Lynch, Charles S. Rogers and Com
missioner of Works Woodward — being
still the only ones having a chance for
the office. I
Mayor Schmltz ' Will Appoint Either
Iijmch. Rogers or Woodward to
Be City Engineer. '
' Thomas*' Davis, 'at. one. time a waiter
on thefsteamer Alliance, will be tried
again for an assault alleged to have
been committed by him oirMrs. A. H.
A mes on board the steamer on - the
high seas, October 15 of last year.
The jury, after, having been locked up
all night in a downtown hotel, return
ed into the United States Circuit Court
yesterday morning and announced that
they were unable to agree. They were
discharged. l<
lt~was learned laj;er'that the 'jury
stood eight for conviction and .four for
acquittal. Of/the four two refused' to
assent to, a verdict "of conviction be
cause they deemed the punishment
imposed by the Federal statute for this
offense top severe— death- by hanging
or imprisonment for life; in , the peni
tentlary..being the maximum and min
imum. ... : ;
Majority Willing to Give Waller lAte
Imprisonment' 'In the Penitentiary.
for an'Assault.
Can be made doubly delightful and nutri
tious by'the use of Pioneer Brand Evap
orated Cream, which is not only superior
to raw cream but has the merit 'of- being
preserved and sterilized, thus keeping
perfectly for- an indefinite period. ;Bor
den's Condensed Milk Co.; proprietors. .•
Many Appotizing Dishes
JURY STANDS KIG1IT TO *
- - ? ¦ FOUR IN DAVIS TRIAL
Both Petersons were-taken? to court
from the County Jail yesterday. .'The
Judge, after listening to the argument
on the application for a: writ, .contin
ued the matter for further hearing; till
to-morrow. In the matter of Henry
the Judge made an order that/all the
proceedings be vacated,, as'.he'had
never been arraigned. He was ordered
to appear for arraignment to-morrow.
•A case of too much Peterson devel
open in Judge 'Cook's' court' yesterday
when an ' argument, on an application
for a writ of habeas corpus for the
release of Alphonse Peterson from cus
tody came; up. Through a blunder; of
the Sheriff/ Alphonise has been substi
tuted for Henry •Peterson, /and Al
phonse's attorney now claims' that as
the time I has 'elapsed within '. which Al
phonse" should be. arraigned he 'should
be discharged from custody.
\ Henry; was held \ to answer by; Police
Judge'Conlan'on.Febniary 4 on charges
of assault to murder and burglary, arid
the cases; were assigned to Judge
Cook's court." Alphonse -was held . to
answer J by Judge Conlan on 1 Marclr 24
on three charges of, grand larceny,; but
the casesJhavelnotVyet been' assigned.
It has developed that when r Henry
should have been taken to court for
arraignment'. Alphonse was taken by
mistake! .After being .arraigned % and
aske'd- his : true name he -answered,' "Al
phonse Peterson." . As, the Judge.. had
not heard of Alphonse's case, -he
thought Henry's true name was . Al
phonse, and it was entered on the rec
ords as "Alphonse • Peterson, alias
Henry Peterson." ' . .
"Henry was entirely overlooked in_ the
County .Jail, .and ;when '^w!.. Hoff Cook,
Alphonse's. attorney, .began - to j'make
inquiry he ascertained- the blunder'that
had been made. He. took: advantage
of it by applying, for- the writ of ha
beas corpus for the release of his client.
THREE CANDIDATES ARE
STILL. IX THE RUNNING
Under the law the taxes due will
bear interest at the rate of 7 per cent
per annum for ascertain period until
paid to the State. The interest on the
sum involved will amount to $24 72 per
day. dating from February 14. 1904.
The commissions for collecting the
tax to which the City Treasurer is en
titled under the State* law will aggre
gate approximately $1275. A case is
now pending in the courts to determine
if the City Treasurer can receive the
commissions under the charter provis
ion which, prohibits any city official
from accepting fees outside of his regu
lar salary. Pending the decision all
such fees are being held in the city's
vaults.
The attorneys agreed to pay to the
City Treasurer the amount due from
the estate as Inheritance taxes, al
hough some doubts exist as to the le
gality of compelling inheriting sisters
5,p pay the taxes, in this caBe Mrs. Her
mann Oelrichs and Mrs. Virginia Van
derbilt.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate was fixed at $3,040,187 35, but this
was reduced , by the sum of $497,846 S3,
of which $215,065 45 is for claims paid
on the estate; $150,000 for attorneys'
fees; $45,108 66 for commissions of ad
ministrator; $64,155 63 receipts of the
estate between the , time of . Fair's
death and the filing of the Inventory,
which amount is not taxable, and $23,
517 09 for other expenses.
It was figured that the tax will
amount to $127,117 05, being 5 per cent
of |2,542,340 92, the present value of the
estate left by the Jate Charles L. Fair.
Most of the money will be placed to the
credit of the State school fund.
Charles Heggerty, of the law firm of
Knight & Heggerty, and Percy Tow
ner, of Lloyd & Wood, attorneys for
the Fair estate, were In consultation
with City Treasurer McDougald yester
day relative to • the payment to the
State of the collateral Inheritance tax
on the estate.
Architect D. H. Burnham will leave
far this city the present week from
Chicago. A banquet will be held soon
jfter his arr'val here, at which all
'.he plans f>-«r the improvement of San
Francisco that have been suggested
will be d«scusse«l.
I'rtnr -i« J. Gra<-^. Cliristian Frorli«"h, Andi-ew
I'arriran Mansfield Lovell. Arthur Holland,
Francip K. Bc<-k. Frert J. Kr>ster. Fletcher F.
Ry«-r. Alx" L. Gunp. Cliarlee M. Cole, William
K*ith. J. H. von Schroe-ler. Henry A. Schulze.
William Srxtor. Frank C. Drew, Sylvain
Genrgp W. Hooper, George de
»*ri«-<M<\ Charles .!. Deerfntr. Willis Polk. W.
V. Porter. T*oui«> Sloss. Joim Barn^son. S. L.
:i<i!dFtT-in, Newton I, Tharp, Frank Jaynes,
lr\in* F. MouHon. W. Mayo Nfrwhall. Ilarry
BBbeodL t:uEfn«' ZeUe, Callaehair Byrne, Ed
wan] \\* Kittrerlprr-. Nathan H. Frank. A. W.
W'ilJ-on W H. T»lbnl, c. Deichmiller. James
11. Smith. TJ>. 1). Wass. F. Tillman Jr.. Charles
S. Whi-eler. P.. B Huie. <n 1 arles< Kcilus. Louis
V. Samu<-!. S F,. Flkde. David Neust«dtcr.
Pr. Winslr.w Aadctaon Georpe F. Hatton, I.
\V. Hrllman. I. W. Hellman Jr.. James P.
I'helan. N. J. Brittan, Grorge A. Newhall. J.
r» Tobin. JUchard M. Tob'.n, Francis J. Caro
lan. G<mji8« II. !>>nt. J. B. Ix-viion. William
'Uo.vpr, Kobert Watt. Krank W. Griffin. A. B.
Butler. A. 1. E«b?ns. H. F. < - ordes. W. Free
man Southarrt. Geocsc W. Turner. Georpe A.
Hatch* lrif-r. \»iv'.i>rlyrn Stow. Maynard Dixon.
P. «'. no>*:. Tiii-y I.. Ford. I>ouk1£e s. Watson.
I*. B Datum. F. c. Talbot. Peter F. Dunne,
Alfxandei Hamilton.
m»n. E. G. Hchmiodell. E. J. Molera, E. J.
rrincl* 1 . Harry N. Stetson. Joseph P. Cham
berlain.' BMatf Y, MarshitU Hale. Max
S. Brandenstcin. C. R. Johnson. David
Bush. J. W. Van Berjren, R. B. Haie.
Stanley Goxernor George C. Pardee.
luhn A. Wright. M. J. Fon:ana, Thomas H.
Williams. John Hush Baird. Dr. A. Barkan.
l.|nn< I l>rane. I-;. A. Denicke. Bruce Bonny.
UoutX* W. Hind. Dr. Henry Gibbons Jr.,
The Association for the Improvement
and Adornment of San Francisco has
secured more than 300 members and
has adopted a constitution and by
laws. In the constitution which has
Just been approved It is •declared that
the objects of the association shall be
"to promote in every practical > way
the beautifying of the streets, public
buildings, squares and "places of * San
Francisco; to bring to the attention of
the officers and people of the city the
best methods for Instituting artistic
municipal betterments; to stimulate
civic pride In the care and improve
ment of private property, and to sug
gest semi-public and philanthropic en
terprises." The list of members in
cludes the following:
Jamee L.. Flood. John Parrott. Wllll*tn Grwr
Harrison B. W. lior>kins. Henry J. Crocker,
X*on Sloes. Charles K. Gre«n, Allan PolloW.
Thomas McCaJeb. K. J. Tauaslg. A. H. Pay
eon. L. M. Kins. Fr«d Fatek. John Partridite,
T C. Friodlandcr. W. .A. Btssell. W. G. Ir
¦wto, FY«nk J. S»tnin«*. Herbert K. Law. K.
O. MoOormick. P. N. LiUenthaJ, Willis E.
Iiavir N B. Greensfelder, WaJtor S. Martin,
K. R. Taylor. Mark L.. Geretle, M. J. Keller.
\C. B Bourn*. J. W. Byrne. Hartland Law,
3C. A. Bru«ui»>re. G*vln McNah. F. W. Dohr
maBB. Thomas B. Eastland. J. C. Wilson.
<5ustav Sutro, E. J. d* Sabla Jr., John M.
'""urtls. William F. Goad, Clarence M. Smith.
Thunw Mage*. William A. Msucee. F. E.
2tfa*«~. Porcy V. Long, J. R. Howell, W. O'B.
Vaedonoujrh. rtu?wll A. Cool, A. J. Hecht
raen. Jamee H. Graham. John I. Walter. John
Breuner Oe«*Ke B. L^wIf. H. C. Tilden. W.
H. Taylor. Ecward B. Haldan, C. G. Hooker.
Harrv S. Jerome, Kug-ent Lent. Louis
Haas, F. C. Havens. A. H. Mac-
Donald. Frederick Ruj>s. 'U'ilHam Al
vord. Frank B. Anderson. F. W. Tallant.
Herbert FleiFhharker. Byron Maur> . Stephen
C Jvte. Wilfrid B. Chapman. Winfred S. Da
vis, James Denman Peter l>. Martin. James
W. Reid. Merritt J. Reid. D. W. Earl, A., L>.
Hhepard. Georpt* CL Boardman. Samuel Burper.
¦William 11. Leahy, lloltert J. Davis. Henry
n. Base, Honitr P. Ktnu, Hiram C Smith.
<"harle> F. Hanlon. William F. Herrin. W. C.
Van Fi^et. H'-nr>- I>. Morton, Liivlngston Jenks,
•William S. VCaed, Rufu* P. Jennings, Freder
ick W. Half. William Ba.bcr>ck. Charles W.
Fey. W. <•. Ralstnn. Henry Michaels. Walter
B Coi*. l»r. Julius Ho6enstlrn. P. McG. Mr-
Bean ,Iu-1gr F. HT. Hennhaw. nolla \\.Watt.
H V Kam!=dr>ll. John MrXauirht. O. J.
mcrr . Willit G Ix»dd. J. Dalzell Brown. Fair
fax H. Wh^elan. N. Gray. A. H. Bald
win WnrrPii I>. CVxk. W". J. Bartnett, I^eyter
Herrkk t'harles t'.VMoore. Walter D. Bliss.
Joseph I> Grant. William B. Faville. Henry
F. Fortmann. F. P. fherman. George Stone.
William l>=tt? <lliver. IMgar I). Petxotto. H.
\an lVrpen. GenrKe I>. IVirnin. Alfred Still-
John _ O'Brien, grocer, Shotwell and
Nineteenth /streets, who was held up
and robbed ¦ with Daniel Ford, a".cus
tomer, on -the night of April 3, failed
to identify. Black, although the officers
say that; O'Brien gave a perfect de
scription of Black to them.
Treese , will swear out complaints
this mornjng charging Black with as
sault to rob and assault to commit
murder, and Knox, will follow the same
course. -
Yesterday, Andrew B. Kriox, of-Rob
inson &1 Knox," grocers, 878 Valencia
street, called.at-.the City Prison and
Knox identified /'Black as the masked
footpad "who' entered his store on the
night of March 12,' and after unsuccess
fully attempting^to open the cash-reg
ister fired Faj shot at; Knox. ". P. F. Au
gustiny, fish dealer, 863 A T a) enc^ a street,
and A: j Ruppel,- wine" merchant, 834 .Va
lenca street, accompanied Knox to the
prison and also _ identified Black, Tliey
were; attracted' by the shot and saw
Black; running" out , of Knox's i store.
Theywere'all'pbsitlve in their identifi
cation. ¦ .¦"* •¦¦¦¦¦.'
Tho chains ; are tightening round Jack
Black/ alias" Tom Callahan,*ex-convict,
who was . arrested last Friday., evening
by Detectives Bunner and Freel '•- on
Efldy, street, on suspicion of being. the
footpad that committed ' several ' recent
holdups in, the Mission district. _ ,
On. * Sunday!-' he was f identified , by
Frank. Campbell, a teamster, as a man
he saw/running away from Policemen
Walsh and .Skelly after an: exchange
of shots . at j Twenty-third and 'Dolores
streets, on theVnight of^ April 10. On
Monday : he\was identified by. E. J.
Treeee as '.the 'masked footpad that held
him up • and ; ,sh6t- him on the night -of
March 20 on Twenty-second street,; neap
Dolores, and 1 by Mrs. Butler, who* was
with-Treese at" the time. 8
Alphonse Peterson Is \ Sub
stituted ] for :;_'; Henry .and
the '-Former /May Go Free.
Architect Burnham Comes to
Confer Regarding Methods
for Carrying on the Work
Treasurer McDougald Will
Collect $127,117 05 Upon
Which Interest Accures
JUDGE COOK PERPLEXED
He Will Be; Charged With
Assault^;; Commit Mui\
der ;ahd Assault to Rob
RECOGNIZED BY OTHEKS
CONSTITUTION ADOPTED
SCHOOLS WILL BENEFIT
Arraignment of Wrong Man
Leads to; Complications
in the Superior .'Court
Attorneys for Fair Estate
Agree to Pay Its Collat
eral Inheritance Taxes
Prominent City lien Join
Association That Plans to
Give San Francisco Beauty
A. Kriox, ;a /Valencia Street
Gf roceiy ; Identifies ;. Him as
;tlie:Man^hat Held Him Up
MEANS REVENUE
FOR THE STATE
WELD ING CHAIN
AROUND BLACK
PRETTY GIRLS
TO APPEAR IN
"THE MASCOT"
SH ER I FF MAKES
A GRME ERROR
THREE HONORED
FOR ADORNMENT
THE SAN FRANCISGO^GAi±;>; WEDNESDAY," APRIL; .20. ¦.'•; 1904:
16
I
We, who arc tied to
office desks, can't di-
gest what our way-back
ancestors could, who
chased bears, and such,
from morning 'till night
through the tall timber.
"FORCE" is the ideal
.food for an indoor
stomach.
•TOKCE" not coJt «Hre«K itwif. but take*
• tkepUreor««rci»f. by hWpta* to difest other
. foods 10 tbc rtormch lz «t!1.
Tbc resJtwl *haat in "PX3KCE" is Nstare's .
— — _ __ . , . . ,
<^ I II E £*^ Ammunition. Huntlnc ud
BIN I {?• H Vi Goods. L.*r***t
l.l I flu ftock. Lov. p« ) rices. £cad
ill? I W & » Kr catalcf Uf.
UUli O SHHEVK tc HAKEER CO..
;» Market -t. ond 521
¦ .'.'. * ViZ'yXj: • ¦ • -¦ • ¦¦••¦> REQAIi 'SHOES.' ... . ' .'.iv^b ;
JUfLjlT ||K -^aybeypii think;
'^xjft°p\ a S it's just the
¦^Sgs I I selling of shoe
-^^^g I F^=ki dressing we care
*%<¦ J. - w e sellvRegal Dressing;
V3BSS£^y~^ or t^ ie sa^ e of Re S a^ Shoes
P®^^fe — and we're satisfied if we
< • come but even. > V *
, Regals are the most pop-;
r u * ar s^ oes i n c world.
••• : .V-i ;i ". v .\T.''^v?T ? They < are the best shoes,
irrespective; of price.^ The ireputatiorj f'of^ R^al Shoes*
is worth more^ than^ the factory and^ all the stores and we ;
want to preserve that reputation by ; preserving the leather
; in- the; shoes. ':¦- ¦ ...'•: r .'l ;. : .*'•-,,* '/ " i* r Z '
¦ -Regal;Shoe Dressing: is the result of "careful study of
tihe nature; and needs bf{l«iather. It^keeps the leather
new and jjdive. It gives a hard, clear, clean, lasting- polish,
¦;. '. '¦•'•'. i'^-J-'-'^- At all Regd'Storei-raS Centi. • . : .'.-l' ¦ .'•: "'-'.
.;.' ¦¦ .There -. are ( 7 2 . Regal ".' Stores/) 2 2 -. of ; them ; in '¦ Greater '. New iTork. : th« '
i styles^oxiginate.V' The: new* styles , are on sale at ' our San ' Francisco Store at ;
thesame tlrae'as In the 'New: York 'Stores. _ . v " . ¦' •-•''
¦Saii Francisco Store, Cor. Geary : and Stockton Sts.^
. :*¦ ;• .-. "..-¦¦¦ - j. .-.,..-¦'¦¦ :-. ; . .,..,: "• • •¦ .
Bnrnett'ii Extract of Vanilla- la the
best. ! perfectly pure, highly concentrated. ' •
." : y jK':\ ' " APVEBTISEMENTS.
Commencing this das, April 20th,
we ; will have on SPECIAL SALE
about 7500 prds veru high grade
COLORED TAFFETA SILK
These Silks are full 21 inches wide and a
yerp lustrous and heavij aualitu, Are in 4
shadesNavu. .9 shades Tan, "k shades GraUi
4 : shades Brown, 3 shades Red, Reseda,
Pink, : Light Blues, Lavender, Turauoise,
'Cream,; Ivorg and White, Regular value
$1,25 rjard. * v
5«, 113, 115,* 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVESTISEMENTS.
Your
Opportunity
China
Crockery
Glassware
Enamel Ware
High Grade
Ornaments
50£OFF
It pays \
to trade
Sreat American Importing Tea Co
SSI Market 1'lu Grant av«. 1419 Polk
140 Sixth . 1S19 Devtsadero 70S Larkm
475 Halsht 3006 Sixteenth ' 235 Hayes
3=85 Mission 621 Monte' avi. 62 Market
2008 Flllmore 25l9MlsnoD - 148 Ninth
3fi«^biTT^^^^T32^!4th_^ | -_____4«»^n>rth
LANDSEER'S
. The.preatest reproduction^ of |1
the greatest painting^ of a lion ll
* ever produced; size 43 inches .1
by '28 inches. |
, Free to customers. To others Q
icw^ By mail 15c. "
¦CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor, I
¦ /721 Market. 122 Kearoy. j
i"VanVroom"j
I DENTAL PARLORS |
g SIXTH and MARKET g
4^^ DON'^T RUIN
'4^^ YOUR EYES.
•Are your slassea noothlns and restful? .Do
they relievo tbe strain, blurring and Mrlng o£
the eyes? If not. use Geo. Marerte's AntlMpUo
Eyeglass Wipers. 15c; 2 for 23c lOerman" Eye-
water, makes weak eyes stron?. sore eyes welL
Rest* tired eyes. By mall 62c. -GEO. MAT-
ERLE. German Expert - Optician. 10S1 - MAB*
KTCT STREET. S. f.