PRICE FIVE; CENTS.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 137.
SAN FRANCISCO^ FRIDAY; \^PRIL 15,
Conthiiicd '; on Page ; 2,' : Col unin * 1.
PANAMA," April 14.\— The ' Pacific
Mail steamer Aztec, which- has'.'be^n
laid i up here ", for . several days" in . cdnse^
quence - of :|the ; laborers'; strike/; will j sail
tOrmbrrow dlrectly,for Acajutla,;for i the
purpose ' of „' rendering assistance " to the
Pacific; Mail steamer. Colon,, which went
ashore] on : Point '. Remedlos and 'is : now
lying on* the* beach' close, to the Acajutla
wharf. - - ' ' '¦ "; ¦. ¦¦ '.'V'^ASrtUBMBMi
Goes to . Aid Colon.
Try to Prevent Advance of British
Expedition by Overtures — Llama
of Lassa Obstinate.
LONDON,. April 15.— A dispatch to
the Times from Gyantse, Tibet, reports
that the local officials are suing with
the British expedition under Colonel
Younghusband for peace, but that. the
Llama of Lassa is - believed to be still
obstinate ,and a further' advance •¦¦ by
the expedition will be imperative. '
GYANTSE OFFICIALS SEEK
PEACE WITH YOUNGHCSBAND
SPOKANE. Wash., . April ; 15.— The
Great 'Northern "northbound -passenger
train '* was wrecked "to-night *> near ~I^a
cledei Idaho. The first reports to reach
the city were that a number of per
sons were ; injured, < and; the railroad
company called six physicians and
made up a special: train.: A second re
port^ said that' no one was injured and
that the coaches were all upright. The
physicians .were sent" home, .but Super
intendent Kennedy, and the ¦ company
physician went \ to the seen*.*
Rumors ¦ of i Loss » of. Life ; Cause Dis
patch f of "Physicians^ ibut'Later.
" TlieyAre Recalled.
PASSENGER TRAIN. MEETS
: '"WTTH. DISASTER IN IDAHO
Rear Admiral Urui's statement] that
Vice 'Admiral;, Togo's; fleet, was f respond
sible.for the! sinking of; the- battleship
Petropavlovsk ¦ at . Port, "Arthur, 'is t of - r
flcially, denied here. ,' A member of ,the
general staff, Tinforms'the'.press' that
the advices received ¦ do not show that
a naval engagement took place,; unless
the cornering .'and ! sinking : of ',, the ) tor-^
pedo-boat destroyer ? Bestrachni "can be
so denominated:';' .. ¦ ~- ' ' '*¦. ¦¦'::. '"¦•' ." i
:; ¦ Ji.The '• destroyers and. ¦' four \ consorts
were outsider* scouting 1 during - the
night. ., The ; Bestrachni lagged "j behind
and ; became ", lost- in i the ! mist.'.v. When
day broke; she" tried! to"; creep 1 in along
the coast,' but , was ' discovered,"' cut* off , :
overpowered v and Z sunk, \ { only.;: five ? of
her,- crew? escaping, t ' The, fate is of _;' the
other ; members > of < the '. * crew'j la - : un-'
known, ':¦ although "s It :^ is ;.belieyed that
some of them-, may^have^ been., cap
tured.^ '< I W.& ¦•¦''*- '¦"¦^•'y-iT^' '<>"' •'¦:'• '' r; v-i-"r
The 'press obtained : to-night jwhati is
practically/, the j. official of ; i' the
No one. on board of* her was killed or
wounded." ' .' ', -^'"J-' ! -/.-K'V;
DENY URUI'S STATEMENT.
t about; 8 : 30 o'clock . there; was a"; ter
rible, explosion'of, the t followed
a 1 ? few ¦ Beconds Jater " by ™f a" ¦'¦ detonation
fromi'the^well-stored^magazlries. '.' ¦
l Huge ? gaps^ were, f tbrn^inHhe jhull of
sinking / of the Petropavlovsk, : and ? it
clears - up , to a - great extent the . mys
terious features of ; that/vessel's, de
struction. - This version; isi as; follows:
'? Retiring i before; the advance of a su
perior 'V Japanese '<• fleet,';* the '--Russian"
squadron approached 'j the ' entrance '':¦'. to
the i harbor; "" It was V ¦ after : ; 8
o'clock ih'them6rning;and : most' of the
officers i^and { members of ; the > crew were
at? breakfast; on: the; flagship: Vice Ad-*
mlral'Makaroff was eating breakfast in
his, cabins and" , the- ; .ward \\ room:* was
crowded- with; officers 'surrounding? the
tables.. On .the. bridge Grand ' Duke Cy
ril.'jhis; f rlendr Lieutenant J.von". Kobe,
.Captain j ; Jakovleff, ?>; commanding the
.vessel, 'and- twoj other. officers ; were on
watch examining "the 1 ; narrow-entrance
preparatory .-to' entering it. ;
7' EXPIXlSIOXiOF BOILERS^ '-:
ST.' PETERSBURG, April 15.—Vice
roy. Alexieff has arrived at Port Ar
thur and assumed temporary com
mand of the fleet until Vice Admiral
Skrydloff' hoists his flag. . . •
Forty-five officers and men perished
on; the torpedo-boat destroyer .Bes
trachni, whose destruction by the Jap
anese was announced to-day. .-.
i Rear-Admiral Prince Ouktomsky
telegraphed from Port Arthur to-day
that the Bestrachni, which was one] of
the sent L out during -the
night to reconnolter.^became separated
from ' the ; rest of the fleet,, owing; to
the bad -weather- prevailing, ..was . sur
rounded by Japanese torpedo-boat^de-;
stfoyers t and .was sunk • In the fight.
Five men were saved. -Admiral Ouk
tomsky adds:,;:, "• . - 7 '
'¦:: VI. have, taken command provision-
ally of the*fleet, since the disaster to
the. * Petropavlovsk.; .During ; . some
maneuvering of -the battleship squad
ron the < Pobieda struck against . a mine
amidships on the starboard side. She
was i able > to i regain"'. 1 port';) by. * herself.
The date referred to bythe correspondent In the above dispatch, ¦ March ';3lj^ is probably; according, to the
old style calendar, by which the event would have taken place . on April 1 3," according to the new ; style - cal
endar.* . - ....-¦¦ ¦./'•¦..':¦ 't ? .';-V'-«- -• : ¦¦¦- ' ' ¦' '
ST. PETERSBURG, April 15.— Rumors are current here that Vice Admiral -Togo - sent In a number of
steamships on' the night of March 31 and succeeded In i sinking several' of them and in blockading the channel
of Port Arthur. The rumors cannot be confirmed 'at this hour. :-..:" :../-'.' /^'l . "
REDDING. April 14.— A bank of
gravel eighteen feet high caved to-day
at the La Grange hydraulic mine, in
Trinity County, belonging to' T. D.
Clay. A man who witnessed the acci
dent sounded an alarm, but Clay was
dead when reached by the rescue party.
He had been killed instantly, his skull
being crushed, his neck broken and the
bones of his legs and arms shattered.
A strange sequel to the accident was
the finding on a table in Clay's cabin
of a note directing the public in the
event that anything happened to him
to notify his two brothers and a cousin.
"What prompted the writing of the note
is a mystery.
Trastc Fate of Miner at La Grange
Hydraulic Mine in Trinity
County.
UNDER TOXS OF GRAVEL
CLAY MEETS IIIS DEATH
Ad mi ral Togo S ucceeds i n B Idcki ng": the G han
nsl at Port Arthur.
MAGNIFICENT . RUSSIAN WARSHIP DAMAGED BY A" MINE AT P0RT ARTHUR; SUCCESSOR OF. THE HEROIC VICE AD
MIRAL. MAKAROFF. AND/ CHIEF OF 8TAFF WHO LOST HIS LIFE ON THE FLAGSHIP?' PETROPAVLOVSK WHEN
THAT VESSEL WAS BLOWN UP. . . ¦ ' " : ¦ : '¦ .".,----. . . ¦
UKIAH, April 14.— A large land
slip has developed on the mountains
west of Covelo. A place nearly two
miles long and half a mile wide, is
slowly creeping toward the. valley.
Several houses and other buildings
are located on the moving area. The
houses have been abandoned. Heavy,
late rains are supposed to be the
cause. The loss will be great, as the
land is some of the best in the region.
; Eight persons, .two of them J, women;
were V knocked down ;= by ; the ':¦ horse dur
ing vhis- run ; to 'James street. :a" block
distant, 'where; he was caught. The
most I seriously ,' injured ' were: ¦
• Michael "; Drummond. • a > logger '* from
Grays * r Harbor ; : ; " Injured ' y Internally.'
James , Sheehan and ;A/;Lebgue of - Se
attle,: who*, had r each an arm * broken;; -'¦)
SEATTLE, April 14.— Eleven persons
were injured to-night ; during the flre
department's "run to a "fire at Second
avenue and > Cherry street. A hose
wagon ' from - headquarters ran . Into a
Yesler way car that. was started across
Second avenue ahead' of the ' wagon,
and a small girl, Anna Omley, was
seriously- injured. • She was seated on
the rear, platform, ? which , was struck
by^the wagon, her left arm being
broken , and - her '. chest crushed. - The
platform of the car was demolished,
but ' neither .the ; firemen ; on the wagon
nor. the horses were injured..
One of the" horses attached (to hose
wagon No' 2 fell at Second and Madi
son streets. While' this horse was be
ing raised to his feet the other broke
loose : from . a bystander who was"' hold
ing him and ran down the 'street. " .Two
persons were knocked over, and slightly.
Injured fas the horse ; broke loose.
" 'At Cherry street the frightened horse
was -turned: aside, from' the" middle of
the street by '&'¦ fire "engine. . He' dashed
to the" "> sidewalk, >' running • * a",: block
through :a-big crowd that had gathered
to ¦; watch - the ' fire.
Houses Atouonedon
Moving Soil in
-' Mendocino.
SAN LUIS ; OBISPO. April 14.— The
entire crew of a big. freight' train, an
extra west, came near losing their lives
by suffocation In tunnel No. 1 at. the
summit of Cuesta grade, near, this
city, this morning. About 6 o'clock the
train broke in the middle of •• the
tunnel and the : fumes from the three
big engines used in propelling the
'train over the grade . filled the ' tunnel
so' thoroughly that four of the men
were soon unconscious and it was with
the greatest difficulty that those most
favorably . located in the tunnel suc
ceeded i in pulling the . train ¦ out of the
way. The crew , consisted . of ¦ A. O.
Bailey, conductor; Engineers Burke,
Forest and Anderson; Firemen Hum
dall, McHenry and Postlewait. and
Brakem en Carlton, Feetro and Kane.
Bailey, " Anderson, Postlewait and
Carlton soon became unconscious.
. Engineer Burke finally succeeded In
backing the stalled portion of the train
out of : the tunnel, and when it was
found after clearing that four of ; the
crew were missing a search was made
and the unconscious .. men found and
carried out. .
' The .tunnel Is a longr one and no
such" predicament ever confronted the
railroad - men here before. . The air
was heavy and ; there was no draught
through the tunnel. The f summit of
the grade is in the middle of. the tun
nel, both entrances being lower ; than
the . center. This makes the tunnel
doubly. -'dangerous, as the gas must
escape very slowly at best. ,. All of the
men soon recovered consciousness, but
Bailey.; is. still bedfast . .
Eleven Persons Suf-
Z fer tiyury in
Seattle;
Crew of Freight Train Over
come by Gases in Tunnel
at Summit of Cuesta Grade
Continued on Pace 5, Colu; \r. *.
Bartnett's return to this city was as
sudden as his going, but before he had
returned instructions had . been re
ceived from him in the East, calling his
purveyors in and ordering work along
the route of hi? surveys to cease. About
this time II. H. Yard, who was sur
veying a road up the Sacramento
Ttiver from Orovilie. in the direction of
Eusanville. paralleling for many miles
the route of the Western Pacific and
constantly anticipating the course
taken by the surveyors in the
employ of Bartnett, suddenly called
a halt in his operations and
the next thing the people of Northern
California knew Yard was piloting
Bartnett's superintendents over the ter
ritory through which the rival com
panies were planning to build. While
operations were at a standstill in the
Bartnett and Yard camps the South
ern Pacific officials were busily Incor
porating a company for the »Ueged
Before Bartnett left for the East the
Southern Pacific Company's officials
displayed no end of uneasiness over his
project, but after he had been in New
York for a time they laughed at the
suggestion that he was being backed
by the Goulds or VandcrblltK and
showed less concern in the movements
of his surveying parties.
BARTNETT RETURNS.
are many shrewd railroad men and
• financier* in this city who will readily
give the story much credence. Among
the bankers of the city and. other men
of finance, who are constantly watch
ins new railroad enterprises, the fre
quent reports that the Western Pa
cific has the backing: of the Goulds or
Vanderbilts has been scoffed at and
many reasons given for their doubting
that either of these bis interests has
anything to do with Attorney Bart
nett and his mysterious undertaking.
In fact, the belief is common among
local financiers that the Western Pa
cific is simply a private enterprise,
having in view the completion of a
survey feasible for the construction of
a new road from the East to San Fran
cisco, attended with rights of way and
terminal facilities— all of which the
Bartnett concern has already ob
tained— that might be offered for sale
to some of the ble transcontinental
railroad companies that have in view
direct connections with the port of
Kan Francisco. It is well known that
during his recent long visit to New
York City Attorney Bartnett was
closely watched by agents of the
Southern Pacific Company and other
railroads that have interests in the
West, with a view of learning, if pos
t,ib!e. Just what his financial relations
are.
Wliile the report of a possible merger
of the Interests of the Western Pacific
with those of the Harriman lines may
be regarded as doubtful by many who
have been reading of the progress be
ing made by the new enterprise, there
WET LAND
SLIDES TO
A VALLEY
MIRACULOUSLY
ESCAPE DEATH
DISASTERS
ATTEND A
FIRE CALL
In the event that this will be done
the big tunnel through the Sierra Ne
vada Mountains, work on which was to
begin this spring, will be abandoned.
The tunnel, several miles in length,
would have required about four years
to construct, and after completion its
maintenance would have entailed end
less expense.
He -would not give the source of his
information, but stated that the South
era Pacific, now that It is in possession
vf the valuable right of way through
the BeckwJth Pass, intends to improve
the opportunity and build a line from
this city through the pass, connecting
with the road again at Chico.
nE.VO, NeT- April 14.— B. J. Atber
ton. a railroad man of Chicago, passed
through Reno yesterday and gave out
the information that a merger has been
effected between the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company and the Western
Pacific people.
Sped*] XHspttch to Zl>e Call.
> Sheriff Cody arrived in Central - City
this evealng from Denver with Gal
braith, and as soon as the latter's pres
ence in the city became known** mob
began forming:. At midnight the Jail
was surrounded,, but Sheriff Cody, who
had armed about twenty deputies with
rifles," announced that he would kill
any man who attempted to enter the
Jail, and this seemed to check the mob.
The jail is still surrounded, however.
Galbraith was until recently a prom
inent mine manager and was held in
high esteem.
DENVER, .April 14. — Special ..jils
patches,from • Cen t ral City t^ni^ht : • aajr
that jl * inob * has • surrounded-* the fl Jail
there and demanded that the Sheriff
turn;, over, to^them* Azel D. Galbraith,
'the self -confessed murderer of his wife
and 9-year-old boy.
Prrposd Tunnel Through tha Sierra
KeTt ca Hountuns May Not Be
Required for Traffic
Murderer of Wife and Son May
¦* Be Taken From His Cell by
Jail at Central City Sur
rounded by Men Intent
on, Lynching;
CMcago Official Tells ol a
Big Deal Between Cor
porations.
Southern Pacific Is
United WMew
Company.
Enraged Coloradans
Demand Prison
er's Life.
RAILROAD
COMPLETES
A MERGER
DEPUTIES
MAY FIRE
ON A MOB
LONDON, April 15.— Only half the story of the Russian disaster at Port Arthur on Wednesday was; told in : ..the; dispatches that were given early publicity in St. ' Petersburg. Later bulletins, posted yesterday; announced
that the Russian torpedo-boat destroyer Bestrachni was cut off and sunk by the Japanese flotilla, forty-five officers raiiH) men going down with the vessel. To further. swell the list of disasters, it .was announced in St Petersburg
that the battleship Pobieda had struck a mine at the entrance to the harbor" and been badly damaged. The Russians insist that the Petropavlovsk was sunk and the Pobieda damaged. by Russian mines, which had been carried from
their station by a storm, and deny the Japanese claim that these vessels were torpedoed during a battle. In .'Great Britain public opinion seems disposed to /-accept the Tokici version. Emperor'Nicholas has appointed Admiral Skryd-
Joff to succeed Admiral Makaroff". It is asserted that the plan to send the Baltic fleet to the Far East has been and that the remnant of the Port Arthur fleet will have .to cope as best it may with the heavy
RUSSIAN DESTROYER IS SUNK
AND A BATTLESHIP DAMEGED
*—^-^-"^» *B \ *
rorecast mad* at Saa yj**-.
dsco for tJiirty covsv dd&ur
midnirht. April 051
San Frascisco and "rtcJuSfcy—
CloadT* unsettled weotbcr 3Fxi>
day; pretelaljr iltowcn; £rasli
soxLtsvect winfix.
A. CkKeJLBXE.
District fareourtcx.
TSSATEBS.
Alcazar— "Arirtocracy." '¦ ' '
.California — "McFadd«a'» Plata."
"Central— "In Xh» Hands of tta
Enemy."
Chute* — V*udrrlll«.
Coltunbl* — "Mam'MU* Hauo
' - Icon, t .
Ptoch«r*»— "JOsmet." -
Grand— "A Soil'* House." •
Orpheum— TMUUrrUl*. ¦ Xatlne*
¦ To-day. ¦¦" -
Tlvoli — "To* B«nraz Stud«nt-"
The San Francisco CallROME, April - 14.— The ' Pope when he
received .; to-day . hr farewell audience
Goubastoff, the Russian 'Minister . to the
Vatican, : who ; has ; been -; transferred 1. to
Belgrade, • expressed ' deep regret at ; the
tragic .: end ; of y ice ; Admiral * MaJtaroff ;
and -begged" the i Minister ' to convey } hia
condolences' to Emperor Nicholas.
Pope ; Expresses ; Deep Regret.
Zf for any causa THE CALL Is not de
livered . regularly to snbg crib er« , pleas*
call up "CALL EXCHANGE" and notify
Subscription Clerk In charge.' Tour com
plaint will receive pronlpt attention. ¦
. . A'v standing 1 reward of Ten Dollars
($10.00) is offered for the arrest and
conviction of . any - on e caught stealinr
THE CALL. .....
Notify The Call Office .; If You Miss
Your Paj?er. . \
TEN DOLLARS REWARD.
KRONSTADT, April i4._The in
habitants of: Kronstadt' are mourning
the late; Admiral Makaroff as if :, they
( had ¦ lost a relative and are crowding
the churches to attend, requiem
masses, c - '
: SEBASTOPOL, April , 1 4.— The loss
of Vice Admiral Makaroff is causing
the : deepest sorrow among ; the offi
cers and ; seamen of the . Black ' Sea
fleet, in his connection with which the
deceased achieved heroic deeds i in the
destruction ; of vessels of; the .Turkish
fleets. ¦ Impressive r requiem, services
were held; forVthe repose of the soul
of the dead commander. ;.
Sebnstopol and Kronstadt * Grieve as
for a Loved Relative.
MOURNING FOR MAKAROFF.
SHANGHAI, April 15.—Advices from
Seoul, Korea, state that the main force
of the Japanese has arrived at Wiju.
It is also reported that in the future
Japanese troops will be landed 1 at Chul
san, near the mouth of the Yalu River.
A Japanese transport . has carried
home seventy soldiers who were wound
ed in the fighting on the march to Wiju.
+— — —7*
were closed, because their armor and
guns made them topheavy. .
After the official bulletins had been
issued this afternoon there was talk
of the possibility of the destruction of
the Petropavlovsk having been caused
by a submarine boat, but this received
little, consideration in official circles.
The navaj reserves to-day answered
the Emperor's summons for their mo
bilization. One thousand and sixty
nine appeared at the naval depots.
Ten per cent of these were found to
be physically unfit and;the remainder
were distributed to the Baltic fleet.
One hundred officers were called out.
Grand Duke Boris left Port Arthur
to-night for Liaoyang.
Japan's Main Army in Korea Has Ar
rived at Wlju.
ADVANCE OF JAPANESE.
The Pobieda, damaged at Port Ar
thur, is a battleship of 12,674 tons' dis
placement, and .of 14.500 horsepower.
She is 401.1-4 feet long, has 71 1-2
feet beam, and draws 26 feet of water,
and is heavily armored with steel. She
was completed in 1901, has a comple
ment of 732 men, her estimated speed
is 18 knots. The steel armor of the
battleship varies In thickness from
four to nine and a half inches along
her belt. .The armament of : the Po
bieda consists of four *'1O -inch guns,
eleven 6-inch' guns, sixteen 3 -inch
guns/ ten 1.8-inch guns and;seven
teen 1.4-inch guns. She has six tor
pedo tubes.
Disabled Battleship One of the Best in
the Russian Navy.
STRENGTH OF THE POBIEDA.
Yinkow is the port of Newchwang,
and the severance of the Port Arthur
railway is significant, as the Manchu
rian railway enters Liaotung Penin
sula. There is an important bridge over
the Liao River, but this is probably
well guarded. There are numerous
bridges and culverts along the line run
ning down to Dalny and Port Arthur.
In some places' the line runs close-to
the shore, where the Japanese might
easily land parties or injure the "line
with long-distance firing.
YINKOW, via Tientsin, April 14.—
The train from Port Arthur did not ar
rive yesterday owing to the destruction
of a bridge.
Sr>«ial Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 1804, by the New York
i Herald Publishing Company.
Bridge on the Manchnrian Railroad
. Is Destroyed. '
PORT ARTHUR CUT OFF.
Black-rimmed obituary notices of
Makaroff appeared in all the news
papers. Up to late this' afternoon no
details had been published on the
losses, so- anxiety remained at its
height. Late last evening I telegraphed
to you that a report, said to come from
a high source, was to the effect that a
naval "battle had taken place, the Petro
pavlovsk "being torpedoed and other
ships damaged.
The cold, curt official dispatch seemed
to. give an absolute, denial to such an
idea, yet among the more intelligent
classes I find the same suggestion more
than ever to-day prevailing that there
was a great deal more behind the
scenes than announced and that the
truth has not been heard. Yet, appar
ently accepting the view that other
ships have been damaged, the Birjavaia
says there is still some of the fleet
left and the , triumph of, the Japanese
is 'only temporary, while, the Viedimostl
in the same line remarks:
• ."It is very hard for us to understand
the :Joy which must* fill the hearts of
our adversary." ,
¦ One report ran through the town. to
the effect that Grand Duke' Cyril had
died. Crowds of callers v flocked to
Grand Duke Vladimir's place to leave
messages of sympathy and make in
quiries-
Sit was noted by, the people, so keenly
anxious/for, news, that, for the first
time in; eight week's up to' late this
afternoon no special war . bulletins had
Such a day of mourning as to-day
has not been known since the war
began.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 14.— In an
interview published in the Russ, Ad
miral Rojestvensky, chief of the naval
staff, says the Baltic fleet will not be
sent lo the Far East, as it must be
ready for contingencies in home waters.
He said it was time the Russian fleet
in the Far East should adopt aggres
sive measures.
¦ Staff's War, Plans.
Special C*ble to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 19<M. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Reported Change in the St. Petersburg
BALTIC FLEET NOT TO GO.
Grand Duke Cyril's injuries were
severe. Besides receiving a blow on
the neck, his legs were burned and he
Buffered a (serious shock. He was im
mediately taken to a hospital in Port
Arthur, where his injuries were at
tended to. He will remain there for
three days and then will be brought to
St. Petersburg.
Count Grube, aide to Grand Duke
Vladimir, accompanied by a physician,
Ftarted to-night for the Far East. He
CYRIL'S INJURIES SEVERE.
The escape of Grand Duke Cyril and
Lieutenant von Kobe was nothing
short of miraculous. The force of the
explosion sent the Grand Duke Cyril
flying across the bridge and the base of
his skull j?truck an iron stanchion. For
tunately, he did not lose consciousness.
Believing that the ship was about to
sink, he clambered hastily down its
Kide and plunged boldly into the water.
He succeeded in reaching a piece of
wreckage, to which he clung. The
Cirand Duke was in water about
twenty minutes before he was picked
up by a torpedo-boat.
Lieutenant von Kcbe also was found
swimming and was picked up. Cap
tain Jakovlcff was hrown against a
stanchion with such force that he wa3
killed.
The remainder of the squadron im
mediately stopped and lowered small
boats and the torpedo-boats steamed as
quickly as possible to the rescue of the
survivors.
All information tends to prove that a
mine was responsible for the destruc
tion of the Petropavlovsk.
The scene below will never be de
scribed, as-, go far as known, not a sin
gle person between decks succeeded in
escaping. The hot steam which scald
ed the men on deck indicated what
must have been the character of the
death met by those in the engine room.
The men on deck were thrown in all
directions, those falling in the "water
swimming and grasping the wreckage,
to which some of them were able to
cling.
the ship and tht water rushed in. The
center of gravity having gone t the ship
rolled on her side and sa.nk.
Admiral Togo," it is surmised, while
maneuvering his squadrons of cruisers
opposite the entrance of the harbor for
the purpose of attracting Makaroff to
venture out dispatched torpedo-boats
forward for a considerable distance on
both flanks to cut off the Russians' re
treat. It is supposed that the advance
of the torpedo-boats was not observed
by Marakoff's ships, which were* Intent
on the engagement with Togo's squad
ron, until so late that it was impossi
ble that all the Russian fleet could re
gain the harbor. Makaroff's reputation
for courage is taken to warrant the
opinion that he interposed his heavily
armored flagship to protect the retreat
ing vessels and thus saved the squad
ron at the cost of his own ship and
life, as well as, the lives of nearly all
on, board. , '
TOKIO, April 14.— A brief report from
Admiral Urtu of Wednesday's fighting
off Port Arthur reached the Navy De
partment this afternoon. It says Vice
Admiral Togo's fleet attacked Port Ar
thur in the morning and succeeded in
sinking a battleship of the-Petropav
lovsk class and one torrjedo-bo'at de
stroyer. The Japanese sustained no
losses. One Japanese was wounded.
The news was received with intense
satisfaction, but there was a note of
regret in the comment upon the death
of Admiral Makaroff, for the Russian
admiral commanded the respect of his
opponents. The Japanese admired the
manner in which he rehabilitated the
fleet after the first attacks upon Port
Arthur and the splendid fight he was
making against odds.
of the Brave Makuroff.
Gallant Brown 3Ien Regret thc Death
TOIUO HEARS OF VICTORY.
Continued lYom Pace 1, Column 5.
The Novoe Vremya to-day repro
duces a' lecture delivered by Admiral
Makaroff In 1894 on the subject of the
Victoria and Camperdown catastro
phe, in which he pointed out the In
herent weakness of battleships and
their liability to turn turtle, even
when their watertight compartments
The official bulletin this afternoon,
conveying the intelligence of the loss
of another torpedo-boat destroyer and
the accidental crippling of another bat
tleship, was almost as severe a blow
as the loss of the Petropavlovsk yes
terday and plunged the whole town
anew into grief.
The Russian word in the text of the
official dispatch describing the accident
to the Pobieda means either "mine"
or "torpedo," but the qualifying word
indicates something moving toward the
ship. This dispatch puts an end to
the idea prevailing here that there had
been an engagement following the dis
aster to the Petropavlovsk.
It Is considered remarkable here
that the Japanese did not take ad
vantage of this terrible accident to at
tack Port Arthur. ¦ -
When the attention of this member
of the general staff was called to the
Japanese claim* that mines ¦ had been
laid by their torpedo-boats, he remark
ed laconically:
*-I do not" believe It"
ADDS TO RUSSIAN GLOOM.
"The ship may have touched a mine
forward, under her Whltehead torpedo
magazine, resulting in a second explo
sion; or. if she touched the mine amid
ships, her boilers may have exploded.
Either hypothesis would account for
the appearance of fire, smoke or steam.
I consider it certain that the Petro
pavlovsk, as well as the Pobieda, struck
a mine laid to prote«_: the entrance to
the channel. It is difficult to imagine
how the mines drifted, as they were
heavily weighted- The entrance to the
channel Is narrow, but It was known
to the commanders by the bearings.
It is possible the ships may have been
carried by a strong tide into the mine
fields."
The appearance of smoke or steam
and fire was explained by a member
of the general staff, who said:
There is a disposition to raise a con
troversy as to whether the explosion
occurred inside or outside the Petro
pavlovrk, similar to the controversy
which followed the destruction of the
United States battleship Maine In Ha
vana harbor. The fact that many of
the wounded, including Grand Duke
Cyril, were badly burned, seemed to
support the theory of an internal ex
plosion.
The first dispatch received from Rear
Admiral Grigorovltch, commandant at
Port Arthur, distinctly stated that the
ship struck a mine, but Rear Admiral
Prince Ouktomsky's telegram to-day
refers only to an explosion. 5
•Grand Duke Boris, who witnessed the
disaster from Golden Hill, In a tele
gram to his father. Grand Duke .Vladi
mir, describes how the ship lifted, at
the same time being enveloped in flame
and smoke, and then turned turtle and
sank in two and a half minutes. The
awful horror of the catastrophe can
mentally be reconstructed from the
brief description contained in this tele
gram.
Vassali Verestchagin, the Russian
painter, was Vice Admiral Makaroff's
guest on the Petropavlovsk. It is ru
mored that he was lost with the ship.
Nicholas Kravtchko, the well known
Russian literary man, who was acting
as correspondent for the Associated
Press at Port Arthur, went down with
the Petropavlovsk, it is believed. Tele
grams to him remain unanswered.
THEME FOR CONTROVERSY.
will meet Grand Duke Cyril, probably
at Baikal
¦The exact number of Vice Admiral
MaJtarofTs staff on board the Petro
pavlovsk when she sank is unknown,
but it is thought by the Admiralty to
be probably fifteen or sixteen. The
exact number of the crew lost also is
unknown. The Petropavlovsk had a
complement of about 650. of which fif
ty-two were saved, at last accounts.
ADMIRAL TOGO BLOCKS CHAKHEL.
GERMANY NOT NEUTRAL.
Hcit Bebel Refers to Sale of Auxiliary
Cruisers to Russia.
BERLIN, April 14. — In the Reich
stag to-day Herr Bebel, the Socialist
leader, declared the Socialists did not
object to Chancellor von Bulow's
declaration of neutrality and the lo
calization, of the war in the Far East,
but Germany's neutrality was not
above doubt. He referred to the Ham
burg-American Steamship Company's
sale of the steamship Fuerst Bismarck
to a Russian company and asked
whether the Foreign Office permitted
the sale, as he assumed was the case,
since the directors of the company
were 'cautious men, who would not
conjure up a conflict with the German,
Government. !'"',".
The steamship was an auxiliary?
cruiser of the German navy at the
time of the outbreak of the war, hence
her sale was all the more astonishing.
Herr Bebel added that it was assert
ed also that the German steamship
Kaiser Friedrich had been sold to Rus
sia. Such sales, however, could ~only«
accomplish Indirectly the reinforcement
of the Russian navy.
"We," said Herr Bebel, "must ener
getically protest against such a pro
ceeding. - The world is filled with tin
der material. One spark- can set the
world ablaze. I therefore ask the
Chancellor what he thinks of these
sales and the resulting damage to Ja
pan and the advantage to Russia?" •
lt Is stated to-day that General Alt
vater is dead. He is supposed to have
committed suicide. Meanwhile instruc
tions had been flashed to the Polish
frontier to have the seven batteries
sent with the utmost haste to the seat
of war. •' ' ; .
On Saturday last an urgent telegram
was received from Kuropatkin, asking
where the light artillery batteries were,
upon the good services of which he had
built high expectations in aiding him
to win the campaign.
According to the story, General Alt
vater was summoned to the presence
of the Emperor and asked whether the
guns had been sent as stated. The un
fortunate officer, after a painful scene,
acknowledged that he had disobeyed
orders. ::-.*. ti-
EYDTKUHNEN, April 14.— A well in
formed gentleman coming directly from
St. Petersburg and passing through
here to-day told me a very curious
and interesting piece of news which
was told to him by a highly placed
artillery officer in the Russian - capital
as being much talked of and causing
a lively sensation in official circles, j
. It appears that when matters began
to look serious, toward autumn of last
year, it was discovered that, while well
supplied in other respects, the Russian
army was particularly short on light
mounted artillery and it was neces
sary to supply the defect forthwith.
As it was known here that the French
army not long ago adopted a new light
artillery field gun, Russia's ally was
applied to and volunteered to supply
seven batteries. These were duly de
livered at St. Petersburg to General
Altvater, who, in the absence of Grand
Duke Michael, who was invalided at
Cannes, was acting commander in chief
of artillery. This officer, like nearly
everybody els% there, was convinced
that war with the Japanese was out
of the question, and, artillery of the
kind sent by the French being badly
needed by the army occupying the Pol
ish frontier, it was sent thither.
Having Disobeyed Orders.
Russian Officer Gives His Life for
SUICIDE FOLLOWS BLUNDER.
It is believed by naval and military
men here that Russia, cannot recover
from yesterday's disaster, in time to
effer successful resistance , to Japan's
landing programme in Manchuria. It
is thought that Admiral Togo will fol
low up the advantage which either
good fortune or good seamanship haa
given him by further offensive opera
tions. Meanwhile a j portion . of his
Heel, comprising more than forty ves
sels, will cover the debarkation of
large forces in Manchuria.
Big events are not expected in the
vicinity of the Yalu until the Man
churian campaign begins. It ... is re
garded as certain that the Japanese,
unless the Russians voluntarily withr
draw into the interior, will not attempt
to cross the Yalu in great force until
such a movement can be made to syn
chronize with operations -in the Rus
sian rear. The fact that the Japanese
are ostentatiously-, reporting the land
ing of war correspondents at Chemulpo
is deemed suggestive of the likelihood
that a blow will shortly fall elsewhere
than- in Northern Korea. It is well to
note that the^British military attache
and also a number. of war correspon
dents are not with the army in Korea,
but are remaining behind, apparently
in order to accompany the headquar
ters staff to Manchuria.
It has been asserted - from Japanese
sources here "that- the 'attack on the
Russian Port Arthur, fleet of yester
day morning was planned and put Into
effect in the following manner: -At
daylight the Japanese', torpedo-boata
made a demonstration before, the port
and at the same time laid mines across
the outer entrance to the harbor. They
then retired- and Joined the main squad
ron. The squadron then advanced and, 1
"as it drew near, the Russian ships
were seen coming out. The battleship
Petropavlovsk struck one of the mines
laid by the Japanese torpedo-boats and
was destroyed. : ' v - 1* : '"
CHEFU. April 15.— Admiral in
command of the Chinese cruiser squad
ron, reports that he heard intermit
tent firing in the direction of Port Ar
thur all day yesterday (Thursday).
Chinese Admiral Reports Continuance
of Port Arthur. Battle. -
miral Molas, his chief of staff, when
the ship was blown up. i» - - •
Russia has received satisfactory as
surances - from China regarding the
Japanese Instructors and offlcers in
the Chinese arm. From these it ap
pears that there are no Japanese of-:
fleers with the"— Northern Chinese
armies, as had been believed.
FIGHTING ON THURSDAY.
Czar Selects Vice Admiral Skrydloff to Take the Place Made Vacant
by the Death of Admiral Makaroff.
been issued. This Is construed omin
ously.
The universal sadness prevailing is
deeply impressive.
"In my. opinion! : ', the '-•Petrppavlovsk
struck; on; one of Lthei' contact mines
laid off Cape LJaoshan, J but which had
been =' torn from^ its ' by. the
terrible ' storms prevailing.' last 'week,
and'.whlch drifted; under,'; the : stress of
the south gales, ! into. the) roadstead. It
could not ; have 'been » a* mine ; laid near*
the- entrance of the harb"biv : because the
latter : are not contact^ : mines,". but <nro
flred'.by an electric wirefrpmnhorc."
.The loss of life , was "more Borlous than
supposed, it being: learned; thnt Mnkn
roff's whole ; naval "} staff ¦; wa'n on board
the Petropavlovsk. u > ''."•: ' *iTIiftP(|l!ffW
: Among; the stories current— but : from
what source it comes it is not known~
is ; one to the effects that"; Makaroff -.was
sitting in' his' stateroom" with!Rear •'Ad-
WIDOW LEARNS NEWS FIRST.
The first person to hear of Makaroff 's
"death was his' widow,' who, received a
private telegram. She was on her way
to 'St. Petersburg to '* see the admiral's
.brother, an officer of the guards, when
the Emperor's ' aide-de-camp' reached
her residence at Peterhof with the mes
sage, from his ' Majesty ' breaking the
news and condoling with her. The ad
miral's brother-, returned- with her to
Pfiterhof. She vras so prostrated with
grief that she took to ; her bed. It Is
reported by those who'. w'ent' to see the
widow that. they found the whole town
talking of nothing ".else" but; the loss of
iheir beloved : , Stepan ¦ Osipovlch (the
patronymic of , Makaroff)., \The admir
al's house was silent and, darkened, and
the-eyes of 'the sailor orderly at the
door were, red Iwith weeping.
' The late^ Vice J Admiral Makaroff
leaves,' in addition - ( to a- daughter, Lil
lie, who is 18 years of age and is known
as: the belle of Kronstadt, , an 11-year
old son, to whom- he.: frequently, -wrote
and telegraphed. -His last message was
dated April 13, and conveyed his Easter
greetings." The deceased admiral added
that he ; was passing Easter evening on
board a gunboat .stationed at the
mouth f of the harbor.' ;*.
./Vice Admiral Stark; formerly in com-,
mand of the I-tussian ' fleet"; at Port Ar
thur,, in an interview' to-day' is quoted
as saying: '\J':l "• '
When the service was finished the
Emperor personally raised the stricken,
widow and kissed her hand. Then for
several minutes he spoke % to her con
solingly, also shaking hands with her
daughter and son. ' -
The Dress is authoritatively informed
that the dispatches given out last night
were in the text as originally received
and represented the sum total of the
Emperor's advices. The Emperor him
self directed that every word should
be published. The meagerness of the
telegrams is attributed to the death of
Vice Admiral Makaroff. Not until 10
o'clock this morning had fr.esh news
reached the Winter- Palace, and then
in the , form of a "voluminous cipher
telegram, which was immediacy sent
to the Admiralty to be deciphered.
In the opinion of the Emperor's ad
visers the . Petropavlovsk disaster oc
curred yesterday morning at about 7
o'clock. It is presumed that Vice Ad
miral Makaroff had sailed out from
Port Arthur on the previous day to lo
cate the enemy, giving pursuit until
the Japanese reinforcements appeared
and. then putting back for the shelter
of the guns of Port Arthur. This ex- v
plains the second sentence in Rear Ad
miral Grigorovitch's telegram, "Our
squadron was under Golden Hill."
From private advices it is, learned
that Grand Duke Boris 'was standing
on Golden Hill watching his brother's
ship when the catastrophe occurred.
'When the rector prayed for "Stepan
and all the warriors who died for their
country," to the soft intoning - of ¦ the
choir singing "Christ Is Risen— He Has
Overcome Death," the Emperor { fell
upon hia knees. 1 In an instant all pres
ent were kneeling and sobbing, the
sobs being drowned by the music of
the choir. The Grand Duchess .Vladi
mir, mother of the wounded Grand
Duke Cyril, broke down completely.
The beautiful ceremonial Qf ithe
thodox church left no dry eye in the
building. { i'^T-
The Emperor .;ana feU.others present
held lighted tapetsu v ":"¦•'. ' : : \ ' ¦ -.-'
SOBS SHAKE LISTENERS.; ',
ST. PETERSBURG, April 14. — The
Emperor's choice of a successor to the
late Vice Admiral Makaroff as com
mander in chief of the Russian naval
forces in the Far East has fallen upon
Vice Admiral Skrydloff, whom he ap
pointed this evening, telegraphing h 4 m
to go' direct" from Sebastopol, where he
la in command of the Black Sea fleet,
to Port Arthur, and assume command
there. x [ ,\ ][
Next to Vice Admiral Makaroff, Vice
AUmlral Skrydloff Is the most popu
lar man of this generation in the Rus
sian navy. He is considered a very
able sailor and strategist, but the tools
at his disposal will be few in compari
son with those In the hands of the
enemy, and it is feared he will be un
able to accomplish much.
A requiem mass for the repose of the
souls of Admiral Makaroff and the
other offlcers and men of the Petro
pavlovsk was celebrated to-day in the
Admiralty Church here.
The scene was touching in the ex
treme. Outside 20,000 persons, among
whom were* many relatives c-f the sail
ors lost, stood with bared heads and
streaming eyes, while the service was
in progress. Inside the beautiful white
marble church, its walls hung with
militant tokens, were assembled the
Emperor and the imperial family, high
officers of the army and navy and the
entire diplqmatic corps, all in full uni
form, and many widows and families
of the offlcers drowned. The galleries
were crowded with Russian bluejack
ets. The widow of Vice Admiral Maka
roff entered on the arm of the Grand
Duke Constantine. followed by her son
and daughter, and took a place. beside
the Imperial party. Every one present
wore a band of crepe.
The Emperor, who wore the uniform
of a captain in the navy, entered last
and alone. The grief felt by him was
written on his face. The Empress was
not present-
Just' before the service began the
Dowager Empress embraced? Admiral
Makaroff 's widow, who sank on ' her
knees, almost at the feet of her Maj
esty, and remained there until the end
of the service. y
The St. Petersburg correspondent, of
the Echo de Paris says that it Is be
lieved that Viceroy Alexieff. who islo
temporarily command the Russian fleet
at Port Arthur, will hoist his flag on
the battleship PeresvieL
The correspondent says that the bat
tleships Sevastopol and Peresviet are in
good order; that the repairs to the bat
tleships Retvizan and Cesarevitch and
the cruiser Pallada are almost com
pleted, and that the cruisers Novik,
Askold, Diana and possibly the Bayan.
as well as the gunboats Bobr and
Otvashnl and about a score of torpedo
boat destroyers and torpedo boats, are
in good order. .
Minister of Marine Pelletan has sent
the following telegram to Vice Admiral
Avollan, chief of the Russian ad
miralty:
"We are greatly grieved by the ter
rible calamity of which we have
learned. The French navy sends to the
Russian navy profound feelings of
sympathy for the death of so many
brave men, and for the loss of the great
admiral, who leaves a glorious memory
in the history of the Russian navy and
in the science of naval warfare. VVe
tender our congratulations that the
Grand Duke Cyril escaped death."
Similar messages of sympathy are
being sent to Russian officials % by
numerous bodies throughout France.
President Loubet to-day telegraphed
to Emperor Nicholas his profound con
dolences on the disaster to the Petro
pavlovsk and the death of Vice Ad
miral Makaroff. This dispatch, togeth
er with those of Emperor William and
the King of Italy, sent to-day, is re
garded here as significant of the ac
ceptance of the European governments
that the sinking of the Petropavlovsk
was due to an accident, and did not oc
cur during a battle with the Japanese
ships. The officials say condolence over
the result of a battle might involve
questions of neutrality, whereas condo-
Jences .over, an accident do not involve
neutrality/. . . , . ., * ,
Prior to the sending of Loubets.tele
gram the . French embassy at St
Petersburg had received an official as
surance that the accident was due to
the Petropavlovsk striking a mine,
which had become loosened from its
moorings during the recent storm.
Some special dispatches received here
assert that the Japanese torpedoed the
Petropavlovsk, but the officials accept
the Russian version of the sinking of
the battleship. . o *
A dispatch to the Temps from St.
Petersburg says:
"The causes of the .catastrophe at
Port Arthur are limited to two hypoth
eses—a submerged Russian mine or an
explosion on board the Petropavlovsk.
All the victims are badly burned, and
the catastrophe was complete within
one minute and a half.
"The fleet remaining at Port Arthur
is reduced to a strictly defense basis.
- "The commander of the Cesarevitch
perished on the Petropavlovsk before
he had assumed command of the bat
tleship." I ,"••_'': , ."." „
The gala performance of Rigolette
was given to-night by Sarah Bernhardt
and Raoul Gunsbourg In aid of Grand
Duchess Vladimir's hospital train. It
was an immense success, the receipts
exceeding $15,000.
"I learn that a firm opinion prevails
in naval circles, based on telegrams
from the surviving officers, that the
loss of the Petropavlovsk and the in
juries to the Pobieda were caused by
torpedoes launched by the Japanese
and by submarine vessels. Hitherto " it
has not been believed that the Jap
anese had any submarine boats, but it
is now admitted that such boats might
have been received with the cruisers
bought from Argentina and brought
out from Genoa by English crews. It
is difficult to verify this, but the ad
miralty is of the opinion that the
cruiser brought out two submarine
vessels."
PARIS, April 15.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Echo de Paris,
under this rooming's date, sends the
following: -*",;'.
"Though it has yet to be determined
whether the floating mine was . Rus
sia's or Japan's, the probability is that
it was one set by the defenders which
the currents or the pressure of melt
ing ice had driven into the fairway.
The loss to the Russian fleet is consid
erable, but almost insignificant in com
parison with that occasic-ned by the
death of Admiral Makaroff, who. In hi3
brief command, had already' infused
new life into the forces he led."
A Vienna correspondent of a German
agency has interviewed the Japanese
and Chinese Ministers in that capital
and obtained from them a declaration
that all reports as to an understand
ing between their respective countries
for acting in concert against the Rus
sians are unfounded. The Chinese
forces on the frontier are merely in
observation. The Chinese Minister fur
ther stated that foreign intervention
between Russia and Japan was not
Improbable and that the hostilities
thereby might be brought to a close
sooner than is generally believed. All
that was required of Russia was that
she rencmnce all claims to Korea, and
of Japan that she recognize Russian
sovereignty in Manchuria. ¦;¦%'•
A well known naval critic. Count
Redenglow, in this evening's Tageblatt
says:
Able experts are beginning to be of
the opinion that floating mines are an
unsatisfactory means of defense. The
present war. has shown on two occa
sions that they may be equally danger
ous to both belligerents.
BERLIN, April 14.— To-night It was
stated on good authority that the Czar
will leave for the seat of war, but
nothing Is known of any such Inten
tion at the German Foreign Office.
The catastrophe to the Fetropavlovsk
has created a tremendous sensation
here and full details are eagerly await
ed. The Lokal Anzefger's Paris cor
respondent sends the Herald dis
patch that the Petropavlovsk was tor
pedoed, but the other journals still
stick to the mine theory.
Herald Publishing Company.
Spectal Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyright. 1904. by the New Tork
Theory That Is Find-
Ping Supporters
in Russia.
Chinese Diplomat As
serts Powers Are
to Intervene.
\\TiUe a controversy is being: waged as to whether Japan or Providence was responsible for the de
struction of the Petropavlovsk and the damaging of .the Pobieda, there can be no doubt as to the agency of
the thtrd disaster of Wednesday's series. This was the sinking or the Russian torpedo-boat ( destroyer Bes
traehnl,-which was cut off by .the, Japanese flotilla while attempting to return to the harbof. Of the fifty
officers and men aboard the Bestrachnl only five were saved. '¦¦ ,
Some of the; naval officers in St. Petersburg are lncllnmg to the theory that the Japanese fleet is ac
companied by submarine vessels. .V-- V ;
Vice Admiral Skrydloff, who ranked next to Maknroft* in the confidence of the Russian Government
and people, has been chosen to, succeed the; late commander of the Port Arthur fleet. -
It* is reported that Admiral Togo, following the catastrophes to the Russian ships on Wednesday,
succeeded 'in effectually^ blocking the channel at Port Arthur by sinking merchant vessels; also that Port
"Arthur has been cut off 'on the land side by the destruction of a bridge on the Manchuria n Railroad.
From Berlin comes the assertion that the Russian Emperor will proceed at once to the seat of war.
Disasters are not coining singly to the Russian naval forces in tlie Far. Kast. Following the loss of
the battleship Petropavlovsk, the Pobieda, another magnificent tiRhtinz craft, struck a mine or was torpedoed
in |he roadstead at Port Arthur. The vessel was seriously damaged, but succeeded in- returnlns to the
harbor and no lives were lost.
SUMMARY OF THE CALL'S SPECIAL WAR CABLEGRAMS.
Togo's Crews Strike
From Beneath
Czar Nicholas Will
Leave for the Seat
of War.
JAPAN BELIEVED TO BE USING SUBMARINE CRAFT
THE SAN ¦' FRANCISCO GALIi, FRIDAY, APRIL 15, 1904.
2
NEW ADVEBTISElfENTS. '
CONSPICUOUS '1H A BALLBOOM.
Flakes of Dandruff on the Collar and
Shoulders ot a Gentleman in
Pull Dress. . ;
This Is. the' thing you, quite frequently
see in the ballroom— a man's black dress-
coat, literally covered with dandruff. .' ;
; H must bo annoying to the .wearer,' and
certainly not a pleasant thing to observe.
But dandruff . can be "« eradicated. ' ; It is a
germ disease that will some day cause
.baldness.*.. . . ¦¦'/:.; :. ; . •.'- ¦ ..:•." ,.v.\.., V
Newbro's Hfrpiclde- kills; the halr-de-
stroylng gernvand stimulates the halrto
a rich, abundant'growthiit does more—
keeps the hair softand pliant.' •. -. ; '»
Furthermore,'. Herpicide Is V a/ most
pleasant, toilet accessory; ; of .'^pleasing
odor, and cooling. to the scalp. -- ..
;.'' Sold, by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.;
Detroit, Mich. .;.• '-':>: ¦
V • itor Infants and Children.
[he Kind You Have Always Bought
; Bears the /T^f\ y/f^jj 7 '^
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c 1 u s i v e
High-Grade Clothiers
, No Brancb Etorem. Ko Acenl*.
REPUTABLE MAKERS
— PROGRESSIVE ONES —
WHO ARE UP TO SNUPP
AND KNOW THE KNACK OP
PUTTING IN PROPER STYLE
CORRECT DRESSERS LIKE,
MILD CLOTHES WE SELL.
K e a r n y Street
Th x u- rlow Bl oc,k
ARE Y0DR1IDNEYS WEAK?
Thousands of Men- and Women Have Kid-
ney Trouble and Never Suspect It
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have
a Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
It used to be considered that only urinary /(3i^**?S.
and bladder troubles were to be traced to the fBBeP^SS
kidneys but now modern science proves tnat fSSSfeaSSif
nearly all diseases have '.heir beginning in ffSois
the disorder of these most important organs. F|^*ifi
The kidneys filter and purify the blood— QS^3
The S rcfo C re, X whcn your kidneys are wenk^ or PltHlil
out of order, vou can understand how quick- P^P^3
3y your entire body is affected, and how cv- J^^^^lk
erv orRsn seems to fail to do hs duty. _ ¦ J^iJSii&ffl :
If you are sick or "feel badly." begin taking
the creat kidney remedj', Dr. Kilmer's Swamp- J^^^^^SM^^SjSb^^
Root, because as soon n« your kidneys begin
to c«"t hrttcr thev will help all the other or-
gan«- to health. A trial will convince any one. |>^P^ 1 '^^T!!?!^!!!! n^^^^^g^B
I cheerfully recommend and Indorse de Great HRB j JJJi KtiJAPO'<~ IS?f£b
Remedy. Dr. Kilmer'. Swamp-Koct. Jor tidney Eggfg ". K * ' ™Z ** UW£ J
trouble and bad liver. I have need It and derived Raffl OWJllLTD PAAT E&3 !
creat benefit froza. It. I believe It has cured m« W*S& J lliilllr "AUU 1 ffi9 j
entirely of kidney and liver trouble, from wbicli gSTi ...„ BlPi* !
X suffered terribly. fflM Kliney.Ltver&Wa*!»r jpjS j
Most prat t fully yourm, fPiii "• CURE. ?*t<M '¦
A. K. Bcmolds, Caief of Police. f&$& directions. B^M
COlUnibUS, Oi. Cf*fvf| ¦«TT«««CB«,tWO.Of tkn* RSgMH
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible ggH JSTSSftESl.' 1 '- *** ifll
for many kinds o{ diseases, and if permitted Q||j9 chiUre iL!^!f CTr * !t V* **T- ra&B
to cont'inue much su fTering and fatal results jpa§ Z'iliX* Rfe5a I
arc sure to follow. Kidney trouble irritates gg$5{ .ITT^,""* «•" "~ u JS#ig •
the nerves, makes you dizzy. restJess, sleep- 1&& • ( P>J.|
lep? and irritable. Makes you pass water often |M|j l "J!!X # l i l^!t. I^J r ™7L'*v wWi ¦
during the day n^d obliges you to get up Rvfrj iV^to'^^iHw .^t'C RHjSl
many nrr.es during the night. Unhealthy kid- Jlgga ™ili < kI?ifc«hhS^'.^~T If *§ !
reys cause rheumatism, gravd. catarrh of the §£|X§ r n™bi*""ul%'hS t." * WM i
Kzdder. pain or dull ache in the back, joints ¥$£& *^ fwm * fXi^t^* m ' H i
end muscles; make your head ache and back ||?||?a ' ' '£ ST?t"<£i?n »li \
ach<°: cau^e ridices-tion. stomach and liver §%$& DR. ELMER ft CO., flip; !
trouble: you sret a sallow, yellow complex- Ipi||j bsciiamtoh. k. y. p£| j
inn: make vou feel as though you had heart ra|B | Sold by an Druggists. B|| !
trouble: you may have plenty of ambition, but Ej^S% tJ t x | £.».ffi-s \
ro strength; get' weak, nnd waste away. :
The cure for these troubles is Dr. Kilmer's flllja gfl I
Swamp-Root, thc world-famous kidney rcm- f^^^^^^gBi 1
edy. In taking Swamp-Root you afford
natural help to Nature, for Swamp-Root is the Mftmm\mmViMimt*ai*irm*r
most perfect healer and gentle aid to the kid- <Swamj>-Root u pieaunt to t*Jt«.j
nevs that is known to medical science. • »«> t j
.. * r" .a r\ a. " y° n arc already con-
How to Find Out . ; ,. , c o .
_, , . . . t . . . vinced that Swamp- Root is
If there is any doubt m ytrnr mind as to r
rour condition, take from yoar crine on ris- what yon need, you can pur-
ing about four ounces, place it in a glass or chase the regu i ar fifty-cent
bottle and let it stand twenty-four hours. If
on examination it is milky or cloudy, if there and one-dollar size bottles
is a brick-dust settling, or if small particles at thc <w stores evcry-
float about in it. your kidneys are in need of
immediate attention. where. Don't make any mis-
Swarnp-Root is pleasant to take and is used take, but remember the
in the leading hospitals, recommended bjr _^ „..
physicians in their private practice, and is n*m«. Swamp-Koot. Dr. Kil-
taken by doctors themselves who have kid- mcr's Swamp-Root, and the
ney ailments, because they recogniic in it the . , D . , xt v
greatest and most successful remedy for kid- ad< «" ess Bmgbamton. M. Y..
ney. liver and bladder troubles. on every bottle.
EDITOEIAL VOTE. — So successful Is Swamp-Root in promptly curing even
the most distressing cases of kidney, liver or bladder troubles, that to prove Its
wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle and a book of valuable Informa-
tion, both sent absolutely free by mail. The book contains many of the thousands
upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured. The
value and success of Swamp- Root are so well known that our readers are ad-
vised to send for a sample bottle. In sending your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co..
Binjfhamton. N. Y.. be sure to say you read this generous offer In The San Fran-
cisco r»aily Call. The proprietors of this paper guarantee the genuineness of
tUim offer. t'~*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TOCKER
* ttti.CobbleriSedt. Js strong \
*r& handsome, fidiaordinvy qfer. 1
' Don't let this great opportun- a
lty pass unheeded. We've other ¦
great things to offer also. t|
A. B. Smith Co. 1
138-132 Ellis St., Above Powell j
_ San Pranclsco.
\A7. T. HESS.
- Notary Public and Attornoy-at-Law.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015.Claus t>preckeu bias.
Telephone Main 8S3.
Residence, 1S02 McAllister st.
Residence Telephone Pag» 5641. '
SJ&B^&tM MENJNDWDMElt.
gClggpPPrnttgirSEffl Uie BlgGfornnoatorsl
/ygSSTim i to * 4*rOM discharf •s.intUnimationi.
mQ&m Owui«« \i Irritations or nlcerktloat
Col ¦•* u iuUtart. of mncoui m«snbr»n*i.
jfc rmrt Cntmttaa. Painlen, and not a«trta-
BT»fTHEETmCHEKIC*lCO. gout or poinonoua.
Vea. ciimmuTi,o.E^| ««i* by m-arsi.t*.
o.S.1. 2£^^ •' ••nt in plain w.rapp«r,
-2«Snfc^. _^t&m by «xpreii, prspald. for
\«flnnEf/l 11.00. or 3 bottlei I2.7A.
' m Clrcelaf net oq rwwt.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
ifcUUosue and Price Lists Mattel
on Application.
PBXSH AJTD SAJ.T MEATsi
JAS. BOYES & CO. i^rl^:^
- OILS. "
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD A EL&S.
418 Front it.. E. F. Phon* Main 1718.
"\. -.. ;. _ ¦'.'PBXHTXWG.V.V, l^'S^JlStlon was for chairmanship, which was
won by L. T. Perry in opposition to
John B. Ryan, the Sweek-Hearst can
didate.'
In the nomination of Tom Ward, a
commercial traveler well known along
the coast, for the office of Sheriff, the
Democrats have made a strong bid for
votes. ' Ward Is very popular and
stands a good chance for election, par
ticularly as two independent Republi
cans will be in the field besides the
regular candidate.
LAFAYETTE. Ind., April 14.— Amar
Nath, an Indian Prince, from Lahore,
India, was knocked from a bicycle to
day and probably fatally injured.
Nath is a student at Purdue Univer
sity. '-'^
Indian Prince Injured.
to the hack "situation during the day.
In front of the Palace \ Hotel a lone
hack opposed the. many automobiles
which had been pressed into service,
and though the driver had little call for
his services, owing to the fact that he
was barred from accepting calls from
the carriage company, he maintained
his vigil on top'of his vehicle through
out the day and late into the night.
At the* ferry some unpleasantness
and a great deal of Inconvenience to
the public was. caused by the lockout.
The Dolice would not accord the auto
mobiles the same privileges the hacks
had enjoyed, and the former deposited
their passengers some feet fr^m the en
trance to the ferry building and many
were thus drenched by the showers.
The situation, however, will be reme
died to-day. '; <
Following the action taken by the
Stablemen's Association Wednesday
night, the Hackmen's Union held a
meeting last night in B'nai B'rith Hall
at which it was decided that a deter
mined stand for the granting of (the
demands of the union be maintained.
The hall was crowded with members of
But seventy, hacks, graced, the. streets
of San Francisco yesterday and last
night as a result of the lockout of the
members of the Hackmen's Union by
the Stable and Carriage Owners' Asso
ciation, which went into effect yester
day morning. These hacks belonged to
individual members of the union; those
of the association, some 250 in number,
were locked up and the noble hack
horse was turned out to frolic in pas
tures green.
Union Voles to Fight Issue to Finish.
Will Xot Drive Hearses.
HACKMEX TAKE FIRM STAXD. .'
PORTLAND, Or., April 14. — By the
narrow margin of three votes, the
Sweek forces lost control of the Demo
cratic convention in Hibernla Hall this
morning, after one of the most hotly
contested battles local Democracy, has
experienced in several years. As Sweek
and his following have been looked on
as the champions of William Randolph
Hearst in Multnomah County, their de
feat may be considered as a victory for
the anti-Hearst element. As a conse
quence the name of the man from
California was not mentioned in the
convention, nor did the platform in
dorse any one for the Presidency.
The principal battle of the conven-
Sweck'8 Forces Routed In the State
Convention at Portland.
OREGON' AGAINST HEARST.
Ten years ago McCarty was one of a
gang who tunneled under the First
National Bank at Los Angeles and waa
afterward captured In San Francisco
after a desperate fight. He is now
wanted in Seattle for burglary.
PORTLAND, April 14.— With a stolen
sealskin sack on his arm Jack McCar
ty, alias Jack Sayres, a notorious safe
cracker, was caught by detectives at
an early hour this morning.
On his arrival in Portland Monday
McCarty was arrested as a suspicious
character. No charges were preferred
against him and he was allowed to go.
Soon after leaving the officers he en
tered the fur store of G. P. Rummelin
& Son and stole ten sealskin Jackets,
valued at several hundred dollars.
When caught with part of the stolen
property he dropped it and denied all
connection with it-
Notorious Safe Cracker Cap
tured With Part of Pro
ceeds of Raid on Store
PORTLAND JAIL
HOLDS M'CARTY
FEOUL. Korea. April 14.— Yi Chi
Ting, a former Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, with a suite of six officials, left
to-day on the Japanese transport Kus
eiro Maru for Japan to return the com
pliment of Marquis Ito's recent visit
to Korea. Yi Chi Ying goes ' as a
pp^cial embassador of the Kmperor of
Korea, and carries presents of gold and
silver vessels and other articles to the
Emperor of Japan.
A detachment of Korean infantry
acted as puard to the railway station
hore, where a large crowd of th<»
\\ hite-coatcd people of the city had
p.pprmblpd. The members of the im
j.f-rial embassy were clad In frock
mats and wore the curious top hats
«if the country, presenting a striking
rppoarance. Upon arriving at Che
:;mlpo, Yi Chi Ying and his suite,
7ti"UiitPd in rickshas, were drawn
through the streets, followed by a
shuffling guard of dismounted Korean
< «valry.
KOREAN* TO VISIT MIKADO.
STABLEMEN ! ALSO FIRM. „_
The Stable and Carriage Owners'
Association also held a meeting last
night and were equally, firm in their
determination hot to yield to the de
mands of the Hackmen's Union. The
stablemen declare that the "fight could
not have come in a time more propi
tious for them, they asserting that this
is the dull season for carriage work,
inasmuch as the families whiph are
the most regular patrons of . their ve
hicles are now hieing themselves to the
country. Many of the members of the
association will turn their horses out
to pasture pending a settlement of the
existing difficulties.
There were several humorous turns
the union and the decision to fight the
issue to a finish was unanimous.
Should both sides remain . firm in
their attitudes a situation not unlike
that which recently prevailed in Chi
cago during the strike of hack drivers,
when the dead were with] the greatest
difficulty conveyed to the cemeteries,
may confront San Francisco. ->.
.At the meeting of the hackmen It
was decided that , hacks will - be fur
nished for funerals, but in no case will
a union ntember mount a hearse or
handle any article belonging to the
undertakers; and. those hacks which
are to be provided for funerals are to
be those only which belong to union
members. The retaliatory action of
the hackmen bodes Inconvenience to
the public wjiere the burial of the dead
is concerned. -
The question of permitting members
of the union to return to work under
stated conditions was discussed for
some flme. It was finally decided that
such permission would not be granted
unless the employer in question should
concede all the terms of the hackmen's
schedule. A special. committee was ap
pointed to take charge of the fight and
represent the union in all matters at
issue, with the understanding that it is
powerless to grant or accept conces
sions without the consent of the union.
The members voted to advise ', the
public that the present issue is neither
a strike nor a boycott, but a lockout,
forced upon them by their employers
because of their demand for a better
wage. The demands of the union are
for $2 50 a day for all .members .regu
larly or steadily engaged or employed.
Ten hours in twelve to constitute a
day, and that they be compensated at
the rate of 25 cents an hour or any
fraction thereof for all overtime; ' that
no member of Hackmen's Union, Local
224, furnish his uniform or, whip at his
own expense: that all extra drivers
when engaged for one day shall receive
the sum of $3, a day's work to consti
tute ;the same as appears [ above and
the same conditions for overtime; that
all extra drivers receive $1 50 for driv
ing all inside funerals, and for all out
side funerals, including wait at train
or electric car, drivers shall receive $2;
that all extra drivers when engaged to
drive short hauls shall receive the sum
of $1 50, and that the service of the
driver is at the disposal of the employ
er, for, the space of five hours for. the
performance of the work herein named.
The wage schedule proposed by the union
would give an increase of 5 and 10 per cent
to about one-fourth of the United Railroads'
employes. There are about 1400 men now in
the 27V4-cent class and their wages would, of
course, remain as they are now.
The statement also deals with all
the other phases of the situation which
have been more or less before the pub
lic since the first differences over the
arbitration award threatened a breach
between the United Railroads and the
Carmen's Union. It is issued as a re
ply to the recent statement of Manager
Chapman.
A great deal ofc misapprehension exists in the
public mind regarding the wages the carmen
receive. It is commonly supposed that all
the men work ten hours a .flay and conse
quently receive $2 75. $2 65 or $2 50 a day, ac
cording to thHr rating as 27^, 2t>',4 or 25
cents-an-hour men. It Is trufi that' they would
receive the amounts specified If they worked
ten hours a day. but .the exigencies* of the
street railroad service do not make It practica
ble toy employ every man a llko number of
hours. ' At the present time platform men' on
the United Railroads work from two to ten
hours a day. consequently they earn from
53 cents to %2 75 a day. according to their rat-
Ing and the number of hours employed:,
The lower wage specified — 55 cents — Is earned
by what are termed "trippers," that Is. men
who operate a car for a limited number of
trips. There arc a number of men whose day's
earnings frequently amount to only 55 cents,
and others earr*. but $1 20 a day. . Aside from
the "trippers" the men work from eight to
ten hours a day.
WAGES OF CARMEN'.
la created, and for which alone it exists, per
mission to Join it may well: be considered as a
privilege of doubtful value.
"Trades unionism Is rapidly becoming a mat
ter of business, and that employer who fails
to give the same careful .attention ¦¦¦ to the
question of his relation ! to .his labor or his
employes which he gives to the other factors
which enter Into the conduct of his business,
makes a mistake, which sooner or later he
will be obliged to correct. In this, as In other
things. It Is much better to start right than to
make mistakes In ' starting, which npces«ltate
returning to correct them. Experience siiows
that the more full the : recognition given to
a trades union, the more businesslike and re
sponsible ..It becomes. Through dealing with
business men In business matters, its mor<> in
telligent, conservative and responsible mem
bers come to the front and gain general con
trol and direction of its affairs. If the energy
of the employer Is directed to discouragement
and repression of the union, he reed not be
surprised If the more radically Inclined mem
bers are the ones most frequently heard."
S1SKIYOU, Oregon, April 14.— All
traffic of the Southern Pacific Railway
is tied up as the result of the immense
slide of rock and snow near the summit
here yesterday. The tracks are cov
ered for a distance of about 300 feet.
The elide blocks No. 13 tunnel at thi»
station, filling It with slush and water
to a depth of about four feet.
Thirty of the 125 section hands at
work clearing the road struck to-day.
They ere exhausted from working
tvalst deep in the water and slush.
Three more slides occurred to-day and
It Is not believed any trains will get
through before to-morrow noon. •
Four overland Southern Pacific
trains have been stalled at Hornbrook
and three at Ashland. These trains are
carrying about 700 passengers. While
warning all oncoming freights with
Faction men aboard Conductor Al
bert Norman was severely hurt by ex
ploding torpedoes, it being necessary
to take him to Ashland Hospital in a
epprial rnglne.
Tram No. 16, which left San Fran
cisco Tuesday night, reached Horn-
Vrook yesterday afternoon at 1 p. m.
p.nd was the first train to be tied up.
TRENTON, N.J., April 14.— -After
snowing under the' followers of Wil
liam R. Hearst, the New Jersey,
Democratic State Convention this
afternoon" selected a delegation that
will favor Judge Parker for < the
Democratic Presidential nomination.
The delegation was not instructed, but
the Parker forces succeeded in putting
through " a unit rule resolution, and,
as they have a majority of delegates,
the vote of New Jersey will be cast for
the New York jurist.
When the convention adjourned
there were pending before It two reso
lutions, one indorsing former Presi
dent Cleveland and the other Indors
ing Parker. The majority sentiment
of the convention, however, was that
as long as the unit rule was to be en
forced no further action should be
taken. Rather than vote on either the
Parker or the Cleveland resolutions
the convention adjourned.
The sentiment of the State at pres
ent Is undoubtedly for Parker.
. It: was manifest early in the day
that the Hearst forces would not cut
much of a figure. The announcement
last night by Hearst's agents that a
contesting delegation would be sent to
St. Louis and that another convention
would be held to-day in Masonic. Hall
did not meet with the approval of the
Democrats who reside in New Jersey
and who were fighting for Hearst.
They are willing to fight to the limit
for Hearst, but they were not willing
to bolt their party for him and some
of them were hot this morning when
they read, of the plans of the Hearst
agents.
The Hearst men bolted their party's
action and held a "rump" convention
of their own and elected four dele
gates at large, but accepted the dis
trict delegates chosen by the regular
convention. ">
Jurist Wins * Convention
Because Party Spirit of
the Members Was Aroused
Work of Cleaning the Rails
Exhausts Laborers — Con
ductor A. Xorman Injured
At the offices of the United Rail
roads it was stated that there was no
change in the situation so far as the
company was concerned, and that the
stand taken by that corporation was
unalterable. Reticence and optimism
pervaded the offices of the com
pany, where It was intimated that
an amicable settlement would un
! dovibtedly be the outcome of the sit
i uation. despite the fact that the cora
1 pany does not intend making conces
1 sions. To this view the officials of the
union, however, were not inclined.
The report of concessions to be made
by the union, which emanated from
the offices of the United Railroads,
was not confirmed by the carmen.
It Is understood, however, that the
conference to-day may deal with
That the controversy between the
United Railroads and the Carmen's
Union is nearing a crisis was evidenced
yesterday in a statement given out by
the latter concerning the justice of
the stand taken by the carmen, in
which, ad in former statements. It is
averred that the United Railroads Is
seeking to checkmate the union by in
sisting on concessions at variance with
the agreements of the arbitration
boards findings, and that the union
purposes to press its demands.
Previous to the Issuance of the
statement, which comprises some 8000
words and which reviews the street
car situation from the time of the
award to the present, there was a con
ference at the headQuarters of the Car
men's Union between President Cor
nelius and W. D. Mahon of Detroit,
president of the Amalgamated Associa
tion of Street and Electric Railway
Employes. The situation was reviewed
in detail, but it was not stated what
action. If any of a definite nature, waa
decided upon.
There is to be a conference this
morning at the offices of the United
Railroads between President Cornelius
and Secretary J. H. Bowling of the
Carmen's Union and the representa
tives of the United Railroads, at which
the union men will ask the company
to concede the demands affecting the
rights' of Individual members of the
union employed by the United Rail
roads, as promulgated by the Car
men's Union some time ago. The re
vival of this issue as one of the main
contentions of the carmen, and its em
phatic inclusion In the statement
given out yesterday as one of the lead
ing grievances, is regarded as signifl
' cant In view of the determined atti
tude of the company on the other con
cessions demanded by Its employes.
WILL. CONFER TO-DAY*. •
No restriction whatever Is placed upon the
company In selecting Its men. But, " says the
company, there Is an indirect restriction — the
section requires men to become members of
the union within, sixty days, and If the union
refuted in accept these men. or any of them.
It would, in effect, be exercising a veto power
on the company's selection. Strictly speaking,
that is technically true, but, as a matter of
fact, the raisins of such an objection. In view
of the exigencies and necessities of the street
csr service, is really begging the question.
Men do not act without motive, and no con
ceivable motive could exist that would induce
the street car men's union to refuse to admit
lo membership a "steady, sober and trust
worthy" man. such an Mr. Holland declares
It to bs the duty of his company to select to
operate It* cars. The reason for this is simple
and Is well known to Mr. Holland and Mr.
Chapman. In the street car service there are
two general classes of platform men — regulars
and extrac
The regular men. of course, have steady em
ployment and their number Is limited to the
precise requirements of the service. The, ex
tra men <in which class all new men >are
placed, graduating therefrom to regulars ac
cording to seniority of service) do not re
ceive steady employment, but. in order to In
sure having en hand a sufficient number of
men at all times to properly man lts» cars,
the company limits the number of extra men
tso as to guarantee to each of them a minimum
amount of work, which Is always sufficient
to Insure a man a living. These extra men
are aligned to work dally by the company's
officials. Neither the union nor Its officers
have or claim any voice either In the selection
of m»n or in placing them at work.
The only difference between the union's de
mand regarding the payment of suspended men
for lost time In event of their reinstatement
and the regulation now In force is an addi
tion to the exUtlng section providing that men
who may bo reinstated by the board of arbi
tration provided for In the new agreement
shall be paid tor time lost during the period
of suspension. The present rule Is that men
reinstated by the company, when found by
the corporation's officials to be innocent/ of
charge* of violation of rules of ¦ the company.'
shall be paid their usual wages for the time
lost through suspension. The union requests
that th« same rule apply when men are rein
stated by the arbitration board. .
QUOTE ANTHRACITE DECISION.
In the course of the statement the
carmen quote from the decision of the
Anthracite Coal Commission as fol
lows:
"The claim of the worker that he has the
same right. to Join with his fellows In forming
an organization, through ¦ which to bo: repre
sented, that the stockholder of the corporation
has to join othero in forming the corporation,'
and' to be i represented by Its. directors : and
other officers. • seems to be thoroughly w«(l
founded, not only in ethics but under, economic
considerations. Some employers say. to their
employes: *W« do not object to your Joining
the union,' but we* will not recognize your
union nor deal with < It, as representing you.'
If the union Is to be rendered impotent;- and
its usefulnesses to be nullified by refusing .to
permit It to perform the functions for which it
REGARDING RESTRICTIONS.
After dealing with the question of
union recognition and the hostile atti
tude, as the union puts it, of Manager
Chapman to that body since the de
cision of Arbitrator Straus," the state
ment continues:
The major grievance of the union man Is the
fact that the non-union man is a constant and
grave menace to the life of the union Itself,
and, following as a matter of course, becomes
the instrument by which the employer may
take from the union man all that he has se
cured through his organization. Knowing this
to be true, and knowing that the policy being
pursued by the United Railroad" will, if carried
to it« logical conclusion. Inevitably result In the
disruption of th*lr union — leaving their wages
and hours at the mercy of the corporation's
managers — the carmen again ask that the
I'nltrd Railroads give their organization bona
fide recognition — the recognition provided for
In sections 1 and 8 of the agreement presented
by '.hem. ' .
Manager Chapman and President Holland.
e*p»clally the former, are opposed to the union
on what probably they are pleased to Imagine
"principle."' and they affect to believe that to
agree to the arbitration plan would be to take
a long step In the direction of establishing the
"union shop" system In the United Railroads
service.
These are a few of the reasons why the
union asks that an arbitration board be pro
vided for. in order that an unprejudiced and
disinterested party might pass upon the merits
of complaints of unjust discharge or dismissal.
The company. In refusing to accede to this
request. Insists that to grant It would mean a
surrender of Us Inherent right as an employer
to hire and discharge whom it pleased.
The union, again fortified by experience of
the last two years, contends that. In practice,
the arbitration system proposed would not de
prive the company of the right of hiring and
discharging whom it pleaded— provided, the
company's officials acted In good faith with
the employes and were guided by the rudi
mentary principles of justice In passing on
cliorzes aralnxt the mpn.
WOULD NOT HURT COMPANY.
The essence of ths company's objection to
the arbitration proposition and the clausa re
quiring employes, after sixty days' service, to
Join the union is that compliance with these
clauses involves a surrender of the employer's
"right to manage his own business," and par
ticularly denies the employer the "right of
selection and dismissal."
As a matter of fact, the clauses embracing
these matters are, after all, the most Im
portant, both to the company and to the car
men, and among citizens generally there is
probably a greater degree of Interest centered
en the disposition of these sections than any
other feature of the entire controversy, con
sequently it is important that the. reasons for
the incorporation of these sections In the agree
ment submitted by the Carmen's Union be
fully understood, and the underlying motive
of the company's objections thoroughly an
alyzad.
< With respect to the arbitration proposltioo
submitted by the union, the situation Is this:
The custom at present Is for men who have
been suspended or discharged on charges that
are not justified by facts to report the matter
t,o the executive board or the president-business
agent of the union, who Investigate the case,
and. If satisfied that an Injustice has been
done the accused, the business agent brings
the care before the general manager of the
company and requests investigation of the
accused employe's defense and a reversal of
the order of discharge or suspension. In the
United Railroads service there are from ten
to twelve cases a week of this nature, ami
two years' experience has convinced the men
that the system at present in operation to
provide redress in cases of arbitrary and un
just dismissal or discharge is a failure, hence
the effort to establish a more certain methoti
of dealing out exact Justice to the employes.
Time after time employes have been suf
per.ded or summarily dismissed. «and the formal
charges made against them could have been
coccluslvely proven to be unfounded In truth
if tbe company's - officials would have con
sidered the evidence of the Innocence of the
accused brought forward. Again, .men who
were active in union afTalrs have been singled
out for severe discipline on what In many
lCFtances were the flimsiest of pretexts, and
efforts to obtain Justice from the company's
officials failed absolutely. During the last
year five members of the executive board of
the Carmen's Union were discharged on what
their fellow-employes believe to have be«n
trumped-up cherges. To make. In open meet
ing of the Carmen's Union, charges of unta'.r
treatment against a division superintendent or
other official, to criticize the policy or rules
of the company in matters pertaining solely
to the conditions governing employment, has.
time and again, thanks to the operation of
the "Intelligence bureau" maintained by the
company, resulted in the ultimate discharge
of the man who had the temerity to speak
the truth as he saw It. latterly It has been
declared a capital offense for men to request
new employes to join the union, and. in one
Instance, twenty-two men were called before
a division superintendent and told that they
must stop "talking unionism" to new men or
suffer discharge.
Regarding the demand for the in
auguration of a system whereby em
ployes will "receive adequate protec
tion from dismissal on unjust
grounds," the statement says:
points other than those affecting the
individual rights of the men.
After referring to the proposal is
sued by the United Railroads, which
sets forth the agreement the company
desires should become operative after
the expiration of the present agree
ment, which runs until May 1, the
statement of the Carmen's Union sets
forth its contentions for a flat rate of
27^ cents an hour for employes In all
departments coming under the juris
diction of the union; for a ten-hour
day for the completion of 60 per
cent of the runs within eleven and a
half hours' time, and for the finish
ing of all runs in fourteen hours. ,
ATTITUDE OX DISMISSAIiS.
SECTION HANDS STRIKE
UNIT KULE IS IXDOESED
The public knows , the arbitration award Is
only a few months old. - The public known
that the only reason given In the award for
an Increase was. to secure .Industrial peace.
The public knows we have lived up to the
award and given It the broadest ' Interpreta
tion in our proposed contract. The public
knows our men are the highest paid men - In
Of course. I cannot say ¦ who Is the author
of this statement, made on behalf of the car
men, but It Is untalrly misleading. . It nns
etates and distorts facts, and. while every
mlsstatement Is "calculated* to favor the-car
men's claims. It might be unjust i to say they
have Intentionally misrepresented the actual
facts. ......
Manager Chapman spent some time
last evening in] digesting -the address
given out by the Carmen's UniorC In
a statement in behalf of the United
Railroads, which was issued from the
offices of the company: at a late hour
last night, Manager. Chapman declares
the union to have ¦'intentionally mis
represented the'- situation -In order to
mislead the public. He says:
that character of service: but the public does
not know of the \ constant >nagglng I to wtalcn
this company has been subjected.
This whole thing palls upon me. as it must
upon the, public. We P 'are^ tired of hearing,
"Give us all we ask and, you can have peace,
and "If you don't give us all ¦ we ask. ¦ then
you are trying* to disrupt our. union."
Thirty-seven • days were - consumed In taking
testimony for the- arbitration proceedings.
Every possible detail was entered Into with
the most painstaking care by. both sides. Elab
orate investigations were made and recorded.
Witnesses ' were brought from distant cities,
and then, • with -much pains, briefs were pre
pared and attorneys dispatched ¦", to New York
to argue the questions lnvotved. , Three days
were consumed In argument, the, carmen's at
torney having the opening and closing. The
arbiters took the case under consideration for
some weeks. . and finally the award giving the
present scale was made public on November 3,
100.1 — about five months ago.
As we have said, the only reason stated In
the award for increasing the already nigh rat*
of wages paid by this company was the plain
ly expressed desire on the part of Mr. , Straus
to secure prolonged Industrial peace, . and In
harmony with that award we have offered to
continue ths award under the broadest and
moat liberal construction.
Democrats Disapprove of
Acts of His "Agents and
Select Tarker Delegation
Conferences To-Day Likely to Determine
Whether Men Will Strike.
Traffic Over the Southern
Pacific Tracks in Oregon
Stopped by Bocks and Snow
Union intentionally Misleading the Public,
Avers Manager Chapman.
SLIDE BLOCKS
MANY TRAINS
HEARST LOSES
IN NEW JERSEY
REPLY OF THE CARMEN TO MANAGER CHAPMAN MAY
PRECIPITATE CRISIS IN STREET RAILWAY SITUATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 15, 1904.
3
jSgjiji^ Comfort and Style Combined in Our
M|^fe^3^|rHii-!^M^^ The two-piece outing suit was originally designed as a recreation
• To-day it has beeri adopted by many as a. proper suit for business
It's cool and comfortable, stylish and dressy. Being light it must
7^» I ' e made right to hold its shape. Ours are made right. The prices are
|y»^^g^^^H|f the lowest possible for which reliable goods can be sold. We guar-
an *ee the suits in every respect. ' ' _*.
R.i^^^MJ|^^^^. ' . We nave these suits in breasted cut and Norfolk style as
pictured. The materials are blue serge, homespuns, crash and flannel.
; ||»;wl The prices are $10.00, $12.50 and $15.00.
/> -n^Vv^Btf S Coats — quarter lined with silk or satin; satin piped seams, bellow
M^^m I IPants— made with belt straps and turned up bottoms.
Hi|l 'ijf f Separate outing pants in woolen materials $2.25 and $4.00.
H llf c k vsu^ s^ n a gJ"?atS variety '-of'sprjng.*materials^'$8:SO.> : .
WJjjjft till! 1 - coats ' n swell shades of tan for spring wear, $8.50.
/: , : ;¦¦¦¦'•¦ ¦' j -' r : ' ¦;'-•• "" ; " ' :/> '¦/;; 740 Market Street ., ' '' : " '• ' ''
ADVERTISEMENTS.
R0Q5 BROS.
Kites Given Away
Juvenile Department
Children's Clothing Notes
Homespun Reefers
Xe\v light gray and tan shades, cut in the new spring
patterns, with large sailor collar; also with small collar;
silk embroidered chevrons and emblems. 2.^/2. ©C E\f\
to 8 years. Special values at Ot/« O\J
Russian Blouse Suits
In all-wool serg-es, solid colors; also in fancy checks
and homespun effects : silk" bows, patent leather belts,
bloomer trousers lined throughout. 2V2 to 6 C*A PA
vears O4:.0U
, =
We cannot help mentioning bur old stand-by— our
"Three=fifty" Sailor Suits
The very best values are put in these suits for the
money— of all-wool serge, solid colors, trimmed with sou-
tache braid, embroidered emblems, pants have taped seams
and lined throughout with silesia; 3 to 10 <I>Q CA
years , 3>O» O\J
Wash Suits
Russian Blouse and Sailor Styles
New effects for spring and summer, non-fading wash-
able colors.
Russian Blouse Suits, 2y 2 to 6 Years
75c, $1, $1.50, $2 to $6.
Sailor Suits, 3 to 10 Years
50c, 75c, $1, SI. 25, $1.50 to $6
Boys' Sweaters
Special mention is made of our boys' sweaters— new
styles, new weaves, new combinations just received. They're
just what the boy wants to romp around and enjoy him-
self in. :-.-'¦ -^
$1, $1.50, $2, $2.50, $3
Children's Hats *
In straws and washable materials, in newest styles and
shapes for the. little ones.
500^0 $5.00
ROOS BROS.
KEARNY AT POST
DR. SHOOF'S REMEDIES.
Tell Me Who Needs Help
¦'''Zj 'iust a.Postal. ' That b all. . '/.
¦ No poney u wanted— Irom you— nor Irom mm i
ask only a postal card, ami 1 ask it at an act of humanity.
1 will send him my book. I willarrance withadro(.
risl near by that he may take six bottles Dr Shoop's
Restorative. He may take it a month at my risk. If it
- succeeds, the cost is »$.jo- If it (ails. I will pay ih-
druMut myself. •.Aaf the sick odc's mere word shall
decide it.
Could I meet you— for even ten minutes— I wp«M lor*
ever convince you that 1 have what these sick onetneed.
More than that, they must have it. lor most of them
can never ret well without it
But lean meet only a few to I take this means \n
convince you. 1 let you ttte it a month to prove what
it can do; and you can pay. oi I will pay. )u»i »» you
decide
' I have found the cured ones fan In the past is y»r»
I have furnished my Kestorative to hundreds of (hou
sands on these terms, and tq out of each «o hate paid—
and paid f bdhr— because thov were Cured I will pay
just a* willingly it you say I have failed
My Restorative is the result of my lifetime's work in
leaminc how to strengthen the inside nerves
1 don't doctor the onuns, but I bring back tJu nerve
power which alone operates every vitaforgan. I give
the weak organ power to do it's duly, as you would
give a weak engine more steam.
My way never fails, save when a cause— like cancer—
maket a cure impossible No case is too difficult, for 1
have watched the remedy succned in the most depe- *
rate casesihat physicians ever meet.
You know some sick one wtuv»ould be well with my
help. Won't you let me furnish die help?
.... Book 1 on Dyspepsia.
Simply «tat« which B^fc 3 on the Heart,
book you want and Book 3 on the Kidneys.
»""»^- «t» sa 4f r'Sr Btii -M«
box . 8630. Kadne. (sealed).
"Wla. Book 6 on Rheumatism.
MUd eases, not chronic are often cared with
one or two bottles. At dragKlsta'. ¦
.Millions of dollars a year are
lost by- not using Schilling's
Best
tea baidac-pawder tpiee*
coffaa flavwinr extracts soda
and nobody gains by using
anything else instead.
Your crjerr'*: moaeyback."ame Im\w Violators -Fined.
Justice of the Peace Simmons of
Gait has fined: John Qufggle $25, for
having more than \wenty-five snipe In
his possession. Justlee of the -Peace
Pierce of Los Angeles has fined E. C.
Steele $25 for having one wild duck In
his possession. The fowl was confis
cated. Justice of the Peace McGuire
of Santa Maria has fined James
Thompson $35 for killing deer during
the closed season..-
Claims lie Was Deceived
Emil Blumenthal. the son of B. Blu
menthal, the millionaire glove manu
facturer, who Is "being sued for main
tenance by Nettie f Blumenthal,' filed
an answer yesterday. to her suit.^ ."He
denies that he is receiving an income
of $100. and as a defense sets uprthe
plea that when in February of lait
year tie married- the plaintiff he wis
wilfully deceived by her. t
• \ I
! "Yes/ When, our agreement was made
in 1897, he gave me'a telegraphic cipher
code, which I used in sending him tele
grams." '
sj This ended the day's work. McEner
ney intimated that he would recall Mrs."
Belle E. Curtis this morning,- and it'ls
also expected/ that Defendant Dimond
will take the; stand *to-day: In his' own'
def ense.^Then ; a < motipn is expected ¦ for
the dismissal {of , the complaint : as \ to
him. >Thi3 , may leadSto*a',long-argu
ment, and, if denied,\will probably be
followed by other moves in legal strat
egy,: of ..which - the . defense is prepared
with' a cartload. The end Is not yet in
sight 1 B95HnH
aminer whose testimony had already
occupied so many of. Commissioner
Heacock's hours, was then recalled for
one question byiHeney: ; ..->• .' .} •
¦ VDld you and; Benson arrange for- a
private means • of communication ?" '
X Professor H. R. Fairclouglt of.Stan
ford University will lecture at the
South Park Settlement this' evening.
He will show a number of interesting
views of the -ruins and j monuments of
•tuicient Rome, and explain their his
torical significance.* ..:>—^
Will Lecture on -Rome.
The Supreme Court returned yes
terday from a ten days* anssion In Los
Angeles. It will remain here until
May 9, when it will go to Sapramento
for a brief period. The court decided
yesterday that J. H. Hanna was prop
erly elected Constable of Colusa
Township. Colusa County. In Novem
ber, 1902. The county Board of Su
pervisors declared T. J. Green elected
and Hanna contested the decision.
Supreme Court Returns.
Showers were frequent in - Central
and Northern California yesterday. ;
The rainfalf in San Francisco was .21
of an inch. The weather '.was cloudy
in-the south, but little or no rain. fell
in that section of the State;. The
wTnds were light. Cloudy '-.weather
with showers is the prediction for to
day. V ¦¦',••¦¦
Showers Are . Frequent.
Customs Collector; Stratton', has re
ceived a request f rom^ the '- Secre
tary of. the to send' a
special examiner /to the St. Louis
Exposition' for the purpose of ex
amining Oriental- goods. The • Col
lector has sent Examiner MjcGuire > In
accordance" \*ith a former, request "Of
the Treasury Department; and. hag de
tailed Examiner Sampson for duty at
the Portland Exposition.' He. says he
has no other man that can be. spared.
He has notified; the department with
a request for, further instructions.
Customs Examiner^ for St. L/onls.
Customs Surveyor Spear had .learned
that an organized gang of smugglers
were plying their vocation on vessels
sailing from Central America to this
port, and he instructed Customs Lieu
tenant Gallagher and Inspector Cant-
Jen to keeo a sharD lookout. The two
officials conceal© J themselves in the
rafters of the Mail shed, and at 11
a. m. saw several stevedores with
loaded sacks on their backs come
down the gangplank of the Para and
deposit their wares on the dock. The
sacks contained 4000 Vera Cruz cig
ars and 24.400 cigarettes, the whole
valued at J1000.
The stevedores said that they were
ordered by some one "between decks"
to take the sacks ashore.
One thousand dollars' worth of cig
ars and cigarettes were seized yester
day on the Mall dock, where they had
been smuggled from the steamship
City of Para, which arrived from Pan
ama a week ago.
Clover Captnre of Vera Cruz Cigars
and Ciffarettrs by Customs Men .
on Mail Dock.
OFFICERS SEIZE VALUABLE
CATCH OF SMUGGLED GOODS
William Alvord, one of the execu
tors of the will of the late Julius
Friedman, tendered his resignation
yesterday and asked the court to ap
point some one in his stead. The
other executors are E. R. Lande and
I. M. Friedberg. Alvord's resignation
accompanied the annual account of
the executors, which shows $90,000
ra*h on hand.
Alrord Resigns as Executor,
Suits for divorce were filed yester
day by Bertha L. Caufield against An
drew J. Caufleld for cruelty and neg
lect, Eliz&Deth J. Morlan against Wil
liam E. Morlan for neglect. Katie
Barron against John M. Barron for
cruelty and neglect, Angelina Delia
more against Frederick Dellamore for
cruelty, and Hope Mosher McLeod
against Kenneth McLeod for cruelty.
Divorces were granted to Mabel
PIdgeon from Joseph Pidgeon for cru
elty, Florence M. Packer from Orville
H. Packer for cruelty and Augusta A.
Hermann from Emily A. Hermann for
cruelty. * v . . *
Andrew P. Thompson, a seafaring
man, yesterday made an affidavit in
oppotition to the claim for alimony
made against him by his wife, Freda
Thompson. He says that she earns
more money than he does and that
furthermore she is living, with W. F.
Denning, a sewing machine agent,\at
812 San Pablo avenue, Oakland. He
also says that both she and Denning
refuse to allow him to see his chil
dren and that Denning has threatened
to do hm great bodily injury if he tries
to see them. .
Seafaring Man Says That Ills Spouse
Is Earning More Money
Than He Is. <
THOMPSON DISLIKES IDEA
OF PAYING WIFE ALIMONY
These :decoy letters,' the; 'witness said,
brought no answer : by/ mall, -but they
brought Benson ; in person- to ..Washing
ton;" and; It ; was - then? that >< Burns ' had
compelled Harlan •;. to? pay "the : visits': to
room 1 213 ;in the; New Willard .Hotel on
December 17 .and .'18,'iwhen' he .claims
Benson ? made* the ' last ;, payment— $200.
Heney : had the ; witness J- identify >;¦ the
marked bills, and^then 5 turned' him over
ft> the defense for; further {examination.
This was / conducted-"; mainly h'. by . Di
mond's • attorney, Charles '* S.^ Wheeler,
and brought out; a~ piece.of, "sensational
testimony, which the Government s bad
not \ chosen to develop. "
"How can 1' address an important letter 'to
you ? Did you receive my other, two Q ; K ?
Address ¦ me > I n the same * name, V only - General
Delivery; ¦ Washington. \ D.-.i C. ; ¦• Examine ;seal
on . thl» letter to see , If - It ' has been tampered
with.".. . '¦¦ . ¦'.•¦';• ¦¦"•'V.i '"-'«•.---, '• ¦¦.':':¦;.-¦¦ v/.-'*;
" r "I hav« mailed thlstatthe tralnso the post
mark will not- show Washington."; ;.
i Another letter was mailed on Decem
ber 10, and was In the .following, terms:
When Hums : firsV questioned me as to my
connection with tfenson I denied everything,
but'the n«xt day. 1 wroteiBenson that theln
vestlgatlon was going on, and that I was hold-
Ing the 'Gentleman from Maryland" firm. By
this I meant Valk. This letter was written in
good faith to- warn-Benson' thaf I was being
watched I wrote him twice afterward, bat
these letters were dictated by Burns after-he
had taken me before the Secretary of the In
tenor and I had niade my confession.; The first
Burn* letter was sent on November C, 1903. It
was unsigned and was as follows:
"Notwithstanding' all "their, bluster in the
newspapers they , have i utterly -failed to '.get
anything tangible at- this .end. They have
Interviewed a number of clerks, but got^noth.
ing definite or tangible."- Your name has
hardly been , mentioned. Their principal aim
»e(-msto be at Hyde/. I get this from their
stenographer, 'who - is /a personal friend ¦: of
mine." . '. . . ' -
HARLAN WARNS- BENSON
In March. 1J«O3, I wrote Benson that Special
Agent H. E. Steece and- Judce A. B. Pugh
had made a report, of- which I was trying to
get a copy. I said he ought to'- send me J5W.
This he did, and I received three envtlopes,
two of which contained $200 in currency each,
while the third had $100 In it. ¦ All were sent
to "R. I. Smith." No 'letter accompanied
them. I tried to get a copy of the report from
Steece but he paid no attention to my letter.
Tne.fact that the Interior Department was
Investigating the land frauds was first brought
to my attention late In 1902. when I heard of
the letter of Colonel Zabriskle of-Tucson. Ariz.,
anti the Holzinger- report •- regarding J. H.
Schneider's, unsworn • .¦ About -No
vember, 19&?, I wrote Benson that the report
had been submitted and told him what I had
learned regarding Holzinger's . assertion that
Schneider had made a . statement that Hyde
and Benson were getting- possession of State
school lands by fraudulent menns and were
using them for lieu land selections. - I also told
him that Walter K. Slack was reported to have
made a statement. '' ' '
McEnorney smiled incredulously and
kept up his fire of mild-spoken, merci
less questions until Heney came to the
rescue of the humiliated official..
"Mr. McEnerney,'! said the Govern
ment counsel, "this witness was called
to the stand by you, but permit me to
suggest that the constitution of the
United States prohibits the infliction of
cruel and unusual punishment."
McEnerney acknowledged the point,
and forthwith dropped his attack on
the witness. After, a few general ques
tions Harlan was ' turned over to the
prosecution fnr~cross-examination. In
answer to Heney's questions the fol
lowing testimony was given:
Did not Burns tell you to asx $1000 for the
stenographer's notes, because. If.- you named
only $500. Benson might - accept and thus de
feat the real purpose of your visit, which was
to draw Benson out?
I do not remember. s*
Did not J.- J. Barnes receive drafts from
Hyde Inclosed' In 6om» of the "dear sir"
letterj?
I cannot say as to that. I recall that Ben
son seemed to know him and spoke of him as
"poor old Barnes." * -
ft. I. Smith wa« my son-in-law. He got the
first letter from Benson to me and opened It.
I told him that the money was sent me in
relation to matters In which I did not care to
be known, hence I had used his name and
address. •¦ .. ¦'
*nd mopped his brow. But the agony
dt his long and humiliating ordeal, was
not yet over. ' In answer to further ques
tions by McEnerney. he said that this
attempt 'to trap: Benson by the sug
gestion of a purchasable stenographer
-was undertaken Jat Burns' suggestion.
The secret service man wanted to get
information from Benson as to other
persons in the department who had
been in his pay, and thought this plan
might lead him to disclose his hand.
"I didn't like the job," the witness
continued. "It was contrary to my
nature to try to sell a man something
I could not deliver." . - -
, i< "Did ' you . ever . tell ¦¦ Dimond i of these
deeds >and-affldavits^aigned r ln blank?"
asked 'Wheeler.'.''';;;.-: \X • '.-'-. , < '•:• -<¦" \.
; .VNo." Charles. V-:. He ; was al
lowed ; to go ; back; to -the; railway^ com
pany," but * the thrifty » lad ? did ;not
part t until ;,he? had ? exacted : a ¦.*-¦ promise"
from ? McEnerney, to .pay; him, v for.-: at
tending, a3 • ' v ¦-'¦:¦- ; , •
-¦vwmianuE.'Valk/.the^and'' office ex
: -We had a cabinet file In the office in jvhich
were kept the ; blank 'forma •. u»ed In-' applica
tions ¦¦,' for lieu r- land- selections. > I", remember
that some e of /these .; were -signed In s blank by
Crawford >W." Clarke. When, they were needed
Herbert Clarke.. the'clerk.*. would fill In the,de
scription* and i »end < me • with ¦ them ¦ to a ¦ no
tary, who i without , seeing the : signer, -. would
complete,themwHh his signature and official
seal.-: ;> 2nflMRflHHBHHHHHHBfiE9£?'2?S£&?££&
¦- It, very seldom happened" that any on'e ac
companied me when. I took the papers to the'
notaries. They Just put on. their, jurats and
acknowledgments without seeing the persons
whose -. names the ¦ papers ¦ bore. I saw this
done : every - day and was. the only . person In
the room with the notary. when it was done./
I took as* many as forty non-mineral affi
davits to Notary Ford: at. a* time. This hap
pened at least twice. At other times^ I might
take out ; one paper . or half . a ; dozen or more.
The papers were sometimes given, me by.' Hyde,
but - then were generally Inclosed In an - en
velope. Slack. Herbert Clark. Miss Doyle^or
Miss Farwell generally gave me the deeds • or
affidavits: to -take out.. They never told me, to
take the ; signers before the notary. In fact,
when 1 was .sent. out there' was generally no
one in our office : except the regular employes.
Once I. did take a man 'named Baclgalupl ., be
fore. Notary Burns. ; No -one ever" went with
me toTrask'sofflce when that notary affixed
his jurats ¦ or ;. acknowledgments. ." 1 wa s pres
ent and saw this: done and know that the
signers- never came! before ; the notary to ac
knowledge their; signatures or take the oath.
. Yes. • I knew . M. J. V.Wright. - the Surveyor
General of California. -and his son and deputy,
Frank". Wright:,; Frank was often In our office
and his father, was there less frequently. Frank
would ' spend an hour at a time with Hyde in
,the, private 1 , office 'of .'the 'latter.* J. . P. -Prior,
. the special : agent 'of the General '¦ Land . Office,
was - often : there. ; too. \ and * Fred '• English/ the
chief- clerk of the- local land office, came in
occasionally.. ¦_'.' - ¦ -:,
This ended the grilling; of Harlan.
McEnerney next called another Gov
ernment witness, Walter K. .Slack, the
San Francisco land attorney, who was
before the Federal Grand Jury at
Washington. . Heney did not cross
examine him. "Not a single new fact
was brought out, the witness mere
ly telling that he had been a
clerk In Fred A. Hyde's office dur
ing the years from 1899 and 1902,
describing the routine of the office
work, and. denying that he had knowl
edge of any crooked work in land mat
ters. Benson and Hyde had a Joint
account, he said, ' for the Oregon
school "lands, which they owned in
partnership. As' to their other oper
ations they contributed base lands In
equal shares when making applica
tions for lieu selections. The witness
could not remember that any forged
Instruments were used \ in obtaining
title to these school lands. , Dimond
had been In the office for several
months while Slack was there, but
the witness had not discussed office
matters with him. -
AFFIDAVIT FACTORY AGAIN.
Then. came Charles Augustus John
son, formerly office boy to Hyde.
Charles Augustus was another of the
San Franciscans who got a free trip,
to Washington at the expense . . of
Uncle S£.m, in order that the . Grand
Jury of the District of Columbia might
have the benefit - of their : testimony.
He was called yesterday by McEner
ney and apparently had no hesitation
in telling all he knew. His story fol
lows: .
• I am 18 years old and am now employed in
the Southern • Pacific Company's train
dispatcher's office. I was Hyde's offlce-boy
for Hftcen months ending January. . 1902.
Among my ¦ duties' I had to carry deeds, affi
davits and powers of attorneys. to the notaries.
Generally 'I did not read them. -.The notaries
employed were Thomas S. Burns. Henry'. P.
Tricou: Harry J.Lask. John Lyons afld Frank
i Ford. / , ¦¦ , , .-./ ...¦: :..-' .--¦:• •¦
.Going back to his* meeting with Ben
son in May, 1902, witness asserted that
Benson then tol4 him of an agent- in
Washington who was employed to. for
ward the Hyde-Benson, lieu. selections
and whom he wanted Harlan to meet.
This evidence is important because of
Valk's testimony that the defendant,
Henry P. Dimond, had come to Wash
ington shortly before the date named
with a car & of Introduction from Ben
son, saying Dimond was his agent and
"all right." Harlan's story was as fol
lows: ¦ / .'. * • .-._ . • ¦•. . :;¦
Benson said he had an agent- who had desk
room ' in the office of Brltton & Gray, the
Washington land attorneys, and that he. want
ed me to meet him. I declined, .saying . I narl.
no desire to deal with more than one t man.
Then he told- me that- this agent was then in
the bathroom adjoining and that if I would
step into the clothes closet he would let him
out. . I entered the closet and closed the door.
Irt a minute I heard some one come out of
the bathroom and go Into the hall. \
No. Benson did not tell me whether his
agent; was Dimond or not. He did not say.
whether the acent was man. ; woman or child.
TWO WITNESSES WHO TESTIFIED
YESTERDAY AT THE' HEARING IN
THE LAND FRAUD CASES.
BUItGLARS VISIT SALOON'.— Conor Mur
phy, who, conducts a grocery and saloon at
020 Howard utreet. reported to the police yes
terday morning that durlns the night
the premises were entered and eight bottles of
whisky stolen. Entrance- was effected by w t
breaking; a show window. : " t :
As the box was needed for identifica
tion by the witnesses and all the ex
hibits in the Dunning case are locked
up in the vault in Judge Cook's court,
the Judge alone haying the combina
tion, a dispatch was sent to him by the
District Attorney at his ranch in Glen
Ellen asking him to telephone the com
bination to the clerk of his court so
that the box could be procured. The
Judge sent a reply that he would not
permit t^ exhibits to be withdrawn
till after sentence had been passed upon
the defendant on Saturday, when they
will be open for. inspection. Meantime
the preliminary examination may be
proceeded with.
But three witnesses were examined
yeEterday, and their evidence was the
same as given at the recent trial in
Judge Cook's court. They were Mrs.
Lizzie L. Kemp, who was a clerk in
the postofflce at Dover and saw the
package on Its arrival on the evening
of August 9. 1898: Harry C. Pennlng
ton. who called at the postoffice and
took the package from his grand
father's box. handed it to Mrs. Dun
ning while she was seated on the front
porch and ate some of the candy, and
Miss Josephine Bateman, who hap
.pened to pass the Pennlngton home
while Mrs. Dunning. Mrs. Deane and
the others were eating the candy. Miss
Bateman ate one of the caramels,
which made her very sick.
The cross-examination of the wit
nesses was long and tedious and bore
chiefly upon their memory of other
things that happened at that time.
Nothing new was elicited.
EXHIBITS LOCKED UP.
The proceedings in the preliminary
hearing on the charge of murdering
Mrs. Deane by sending a box of poi
soned candy to Mrs. Dunning to Dover,
Del., in August, 189S, were opened by
Attorney Clark's interposing six objec
tions to the hearing. They were in ef
fect that it was not shown by the com
plaint that any offense had been com
mitted against the State of California;
that the complaint did not state facts
sufficient to constitute a public offense;
that the court had no Jurisdiction to
examine the defendant; that the com
plaint was sworn to on information
and hellef ; that no crime known to- the
law of this State was charged, and that
the Justices' Court of this city and
county was neither a court of law nor
of fact to entitle it to pass on the case.
The objections were overruled. v
WITNESSES ARE EXAMINED.
As soon as the case was called Mrs.
Botkin pulled out her handkerchief and
leaning her left elbow on the table cov
ered th° greater portion of her face
with the handkerchief. She remained
in that position throughout the pro
ceedings. Once or twice when the wit
nesses were describing the symptoms
that preceded the dying of Mrs. Dun
ning and her sister, Mrs. Ida Henrietta
Deane, the prisoner trembled and
buried her face in the handkerchief.
The nubile seems to have lost interest
in the case.
HIDES HER FEATURES.
The attorney of her choice, Reese
Clark, awaited his client's arrival, and
attorney and client at once entered
upon an animated conversation. . Her
sister, Mrs. UobartF, took a seat beside
her and Attorney Charles J. Heggerty
joined them and took part in the con
versation till the Judge, who had tem
porarily adjourned court, had taken
his seat o,n the bench, where he was
Joined by Police Judge Mogan.
Mrs. Cordelia Botkin has apparently
recovered from the shock that pros
trated her after hearing the verdict of
the jury in Judge Cook's court last
Thursday night. That verdict convict
ed her of the murder of Mrs. Elizabeth
Dunning and fixed the penalty at im
prisonment for life. When the prisoner,
entered Police Judge Conlan's court
yesterday morning, accompanied by
Deputy Sheriff Frank Johnston, she did
rnji lean upon him, and there was no
uncertaJnty in her step as she walked
to her chair.
Mr. West drew from her on cross
examination the admission that when
she took passage on the steamer she
was a strong, healthy woman, but that
after the assault she became the phy
sical wreck that she now is. She said
further that she and her. husband, A.
H. Ames, had entered suit. against the
steamship company to recover $25,000
damages for injuries growing out of
the assault.
Then Mr. West asked: "Did not
Bert Schlesinger, your attorney, advise
you that It is necessary to convict this
defendant in order to .win - your suit
against the steamship company?"
"No," sir," replied the witness. And
she added that nobody else h ad so ad
vised her. . .
Mrs. Ames, who appeared to be very
weak and delicate, testified in a
straightforward manner regarding the
allegations in the Indictment. She said
that at the time of the assault she wa3
collapsed "with seasickness and that
Davis caught her, by the throat and
threatened, to choke her should she
make any outcry.
MRS. AMES UNPROTECTED.
Laws was "night saloon man"
on the night of October 15. His testi
mony was that there was no steward
ess on board the Alliance and that it
was hi3 duty to attend upon the .male
and female passengers alike.' He de
scribed, Mrs. Ames as suffering from
seasickness and told how she had. her
three children, the oldest not quite five
years old at the time and the youngest
about 5 four months old. in her state
room. /He responded to the -bell call
several times during fhe evening to
help her to cold water. At- half. past
eleven at night Davis, who was a
waiter, was in the saloon with Laws
when the bell rang, again and Davis
volunteered to answer itj Upon his
return- from Mrs. Ames' stateroom, he
admitted to the witness that he had
assaulted Mrs. Ames. On the next
morning Mrs. Ames summoned Laws
and informed him that Davis had
grossly insulted her. - -
Laws testified also that Davis left
the ship at Eureka, and at that place
repeated his confession In a barroom.
TELLS j A DAMAGING STORY. ,
But two witnesses were examined,
Howard W. Laws and Mrs. Emma
Ames, and the court adjourned until
10 o'clock this morning.
Thomas 'Davis was placed on .trial
yesterday before a jury in the United
States Circuit Court 5n a charge; of
having assaulted Mrs. Emma Ames on
board the steamer Alliance, on the high
seas. 'on October 15, of last year. United
States District Judge -de Haven- pre
sided, as Circuit - Judge. The offense
with which'Davis stands charged •; la
punishable by death, or with, life im
prisonment, in the discretion of. the
Jury.. The prosecution was represented
by United- States , District Attorney
Marshall B. WoQdworth and First A^
sistant Duncan E. McKInlay.* T. C
West is leading counsel for the'de
fense.
Ttev. H. P. Ingram moved and it
was unanimously resolved lo recom
mend that the Board of Missions pro
ceed at the very < moment to
*»rect the new chapel. It was also re
solved that the next annual meeting
nf the presbytery shall take place at
Mountain View,
The delegates were entertained at
luncheon and dinner at the parsonage
by the Rev. and Mrs. Fisher, who were
assisted by the ladies of the First
Cumberland Presbyterian Church.
The meeting this morning will con
vene at 9 o'clock at Devisadero Hall,
"17 Devisadero street.
The election of commissioners to the-
General Assembly, which will hold its
deliberations at Dallas, Tex., begin
ning May 19. resulted as follows;
Rev. W. J. Fisher, alternate; Rev.
Gam Sing Quah of the Chinese Cum
berland Presbyterian Church, J. H-
Iloutt of San Jose, Dr. F. P. Gray, al
ternate.
Horn and Pong were taken into the
care of the presbytery by unanimous
vote.
Both young men announced that they
are willing to do anything in the world
to enable them to pay their way
through any college to which the pres
bytery may in its Judgment assign
them.
ADOPTED BY PRESBYTERY.
Cumberland Presbyterians
Dispose of Important Busi
ness at Annual Meeting
Consideration of a new church build
ing, the election of commissioners and
receiving into the fold two bright
young Chinese comprised some of the
vork done yesterday at the annual
meeting of tho California presbytery of
the Cumberland Presbyterian church.
Rev. J. N. Crawford, the moderator,
and a large delegation met before 9
o'clock in the morning at Devisadero
Hall, and tho bufinrss of the meeting
began immediately after devotion.
Rev. W. J. Fisher, pastor of the First
Cumberland Church of. this city, in
(-•peaking of the new church which is to
ht- erected shortly at the corner, of
Kai^M and Belvedere streets, told oi
the $20,000 which th« edifice Is to cost
vith the permission of the general a*-
Fcmbty, There is on har.d the sum nZ
t^OO with wheih to erect a chapfl
wherein services may be conducted un
til the completion of the church. The
pew place of worship, it is said, will be
an imposing Ftructure. .
Chan Horn and Hee Pong, two youxig
Chinamen who have adopted the Chris
tian faith, attended the meeti-ng with a
view of being received into the care of
the California presbytery for the prep
aration for the ministry-
TEUJ3 It EM ARK AlU^E STORY.
Their examination was interesting.
Chan Horn in demonrtratinsr his knowl
edge of the faith that he has embraced
told a story of persistence in banish
ing from his heart all belief in idolatry.
He told how he had defied the threats
of his family and the warnings of those
dear to him. and in spite of every ob-
Ftarle had determined to follow and ul
timately preach the gospel of Christ.
Chan Ht-rn had given up a lucrative
business and. in full knowledge of the
trouble and labor and meager pecu
niary reward that would come, to him
in the future, he persisted in studying
for the, Christian ministry, for in that
way alone ho saw his chance to re
form sore \X his countrymen in his
native land.
He related the horror of his rela
tives In this city when he returned
.to them minus his queue. They real
ized that he was lost to Confucius and
turned him from their door.
He? Pong has evinced the same de
termination to foliow the Gospel and
crave an upright account -f himself.
Kong hopes to benefit his countrymen
spiritually when It shall please the
presbytery to license him as a minister
under Us Jurisdiction.
An X-ray skiagraph showed that the
nail had caught in a bronchial tube
close to the heart and between that
organ and the spine. To reach the nail
from .the outside through the back It
would be necessary to cut the lung.
The record of previous cases ' where
this was done has shown failure in
each Instance. •.
A curved piece of steel was prepared
for insertion into' the windpipe to
reach the nail. By touching the piece
of steel to the magnet the steel also
became strongly magnetized. The wind
pipe was opened and the curved piece
of steel jwas carefully pushed down,
and the current was turned on.: In
stantly a distinct click could be heard
from the inside. - -With great care the
steel was withdrawn, and there, cling
ing to the lower end, was .the nail.
Two weeks ago to-day the little girl
was^lylng on her back upon the floor.
She picked up a smalljwire shingle nail
and put it in her month. She started
to cough or sneeze and drew the nail
back into her throat. ¦ > ¦' ,
¦If this method had not been employed
there ; is every, reason to believe the
child would have died. Dr. Hbsmar
tried other methods on a dogr.'but all
were unsuccessful. The child, is" doinar
well.: . . -• - ¦--:.¦ ',-';. •*-- .-¦¦¦¦'¦
• .SALT LAKE. Utah. April 14.— '•With
the -aid of a magnet a nail was drawn
from the bronchial tubes' t/f a sixteen
rhonths-old child this morning.' The
operation was performed by Dr.' .'A.. J.
Hosmer on Lotilse Cherry, daughter of
J. W." Cherry of Mount Pleasant.
Ordinary magnets have been used to
draw pieces of steel from the eye. but
the use of a powerful .electro magnet
to extract, a; forefen substance •'¦ from
the bronchial tubes, close to the heart,
is absolutely new. :-•'., -
Special r Dispatch to The Call
Preliminary Examination on
Charge of Murdering Mrs.
Ida If. Deane Commenced
Night Watchman Testifies
to Confession of Guilt -on
the Part of the Accused
Although Lodged Near/ the
\ Heart. Object Is Quickly
to; Instrument &
The witness, squirmed in his. chair
"Yes, there was a stenographer, but
he was not going to sell any testi
mony, find I. don't want .'.to '.'name, him
unless compelled to.' X don't want his
name to - get Into ¦ the papers , In - con
nection ¦"¦ with 'this business. V I .wish I
could keep mine; out.". .
. BURNS HAD A SCHEME.
Before I left Benson asked me:" "Don't you
want lo sro to the bathroom?" *l'.nid t "yta,"
and on going there found four $50 gprtrcertifl
cates lying on the washstand. {. put these in
my pocket. Returning to the 1 other, room, I
told Benscn that I thought - he was being
watchrd and that I had seen a man In the
hotel lobby down stairs, n who looked -like
Burns, the treasury detective.
"Don't you think it may be dangerous ' for
you to come here?" Benson asked me. ,
"Oh. no," I answered; "I gu»ss It wasn't
Burns, but only some one who resembled him."
When 1 cot down to the lobby, where Burns
was waiting for me all the tlme.l went with
him to the Ebbitt House, where he Introduced
me to Chief J. E. Wilkle of the Secret Service.
We then counted • the notes Benson had given
me and WUkie and I put our Initials on them.
"In reality you were not . dealing
with any stenographer when you made
this proposition to Benson, were you?",
McEnernoy asked\ Huavely. ' ¦, - *
HARLAN VISITS BATHROOM.
By "pictures" I understood that he meant
$100 bills. The next afternoon. December IS,
I. eaw Benson at the Willani and he asked
me what 1 had been able to get out of ! '.he
stenographer since my call the day before.
I said the stenographer was not Inclined to
talk much, but that he had told me the
names of some persons whose statements be
fore the committee he bad taken down in
shorthand. These were J. J. Barnes, Herbert
Clarke. Duncan McNee. Miss Glover, Walter
K. Slack. Joost II. 8chnelder and others—
nearly all persons who had been connected
with Hyde or employed in his office. - Benson
then ' uald that as the stenographer's notes
related to Hyde more than to himself he
didn't see why he should pay for what might
have no value to him. He proposes to do
nothing about buying the copy, until after bis
return- to California. I urged- that he ought
to close the deal with the •' stenographer at
ore*, but he put the matter oft^and nothing
ever came of it.
Then McEnerney questioned Harlan
as to his last Interviews with Benson,
which the witness said . occurred on
December 17 and 18, 1903. These were
just after the visit of December 16,
which Special Examiner Valk testified
he paid to Benson by direction of Wil
liam J.' Burns, the secret service man,
who was then working up the case
against the alleged land grabbers and
who had already forced confessions
from both Harlan and Valk. The story
told by Harlan yesterday was In sub
stance as follows:
On December 17 .last, at the request cf
Burns. 1 called on Benson at his room. No. 'J13,
in the new Wlllard Hotel. I told him about
the Investigation of. the land frauds then in
progresu and suggested that I was acquainted
with the stenographer who was tailing- the
statements of the persons examined and that
this stenccrapher was anxious to make some
money. He wanted $1000. I told Benson, for
writing out the evidence In the Government'*
hand*, but would read his notes to Benson
for $500. - Benson did not make any final
reply to my proposition that day, but he
a>k<'<! particularly a.« to the confession of J.
J. Barnes, a land office clerk, who had charge
of the £tate school land -records In Division G.
He told me to call again the next day for a
luUer conversation; he was Just then leaving
Washington for a hurried trip to New YorU.
"How are you oft for pictures?" he asked
me. as 1 was quitting his room. I answered
that I was pretty short.
"So am I." he said, "but when I get back
from N"ew York to-morrow I shall be belter
supplied and when you call I will give you
two pictures.") r . ¦ . ¦'
PLAX TO TRAP BEXSOX.
I told him all about the plans of the de
partment for the creation of the San Francisco
Mountains reservation In Arizona — how the
Secretary of the Interior had agreed with the
railway company and many smaller owners
t-> consolidate a number of "mall reserves with
in* lntervenlnK territory Into one Immense
reservation. BensonXfald I was too elow,
ae |ie had already received much of the same
Information through hli» attorney*, Brltton &
Cray of Washington, who were al*o attorneys
for some of the owners of the base lands that
wculd be included In the new reservation. But
he went downstairs and on coming back he
told me I rhould find something on the bed
as I went out. and I found an envelope con
taining a $50 note.
Woodford D. Harlan, formerly chief
of division P (forest reserves) In the
General Land Office, was recalled at
the opening of the day's session and
questioned by Garret W. McEnerney,
Hyde's attorney, as, to the details of
his alleged relations with John A. Ben
son. The witness declared that Ben
son had told him that the partnership
formerly existing between himself and
F. A. Hyde had been dissolved. Har
lan's interviews and correspondence
with Benson were recounted, together
with the advance information which
his official position had enabled him to
furnish the veteran "scripper" regard
ing the Interior Department's plans
for new forest reserves in California,
Oregon and Arizona. For these secrets
of the Land Office Benson had prom
ised to pay "a reasonable compensa
tion," and accordingly, from time to
time, currency was sent, as agreed, to
B. I. Smith at Tacoma Park, Washing
ton, • D. C. Smith was the witness*
son-in-law, and turned the letters over
to him. Up to May, 1902, $450 had been
jeceived in this way; $500 was paid be
tween that date and December, 1903.
when* Benson's final payment of $200
was made— a total of $1150.
Regarding his interview with Ben
son at the time of the latter's visit to
Washington in May, 1902, Harlan said:
Harlan's testimony abounded in sen
sations, and they did not end when he
left the stand. After he had told in de
tail of his alleged dealings with Ben
son in the interest of fraudulent land"
operations, he was followed by Charles
Augustus Johnson, formerly employed
In Fred A. Hyde's office. The retired
office boy corroborated the startling
testimony of Mrs. Belle A. Curtis and
Miss Marion Doyle, former stenogra
phers in the office, as to the manufac
ture of affidavits, deeds and other legal
papers , by accommodating notaries
public, who are said to have kindly af
lixed their jurats and acknowledgments
without seeing the signers of. the in
struments. Johnson was one of the
messengers who carried the papers to
the notaries, and he told all about the
matter. His testimony, with that of the
two women named, is likely to cost the
notaries their offices.
SOLD OFFICIAL. -, SECRETS.
The spectators who thronged to the
great land fraud hearing yesterday, be
fore United States Commissioner Hea
cock .were presented with' a study in
human nature. Woodford D. Harlan, a
veteran official from the Interior De
partment at Washington, had con
fessed that for a few hundred dollars
he.. violated his oath of .'office and sold
Government secrets to men now under
indictment for using that information
in an alleged conspiracy to defraud
the- public* Garret McEnerney, attor
ney for -these defendants, who had
called Harlan to the stand, probed
deeper and deeper into this narrative
of dishonor until the aged witness, pro
fessedly seeking to make such repara
tion as he might, broke into tears and
for very shame turned to the Govern
ment side for protection from the re
lentless rain of questions. "Whether or
not the spectators believed, the story
Harlan was telling in his effort to save
himself from punishment, it was a pit
iable spectacle, and it provoked Fran
cis J. Heney, counsel for the prosecu
tion, to a unique bon mot. "It is un
constitutional." he said, ' "to inflict
cruel and unusual punishment, for
crime."
EFFORT IS SUCCESSFUL
HEARSTESTDIOXY AGAIN
WAITER LEAVES VESSEL
Mrs. Ames Tells the Story
of an Assault on Board
of the Steamer Alliance
Marked Cliang-e Observed in
Condition of 3Irs. Botkin.
the Convicted 3Iurderess
Nail Drawn From Bronchial
Tube of Child by Use
of Piece of Polarized Steel
Government Officer Breaks* Down as Mcbnerney Probes Into His
Story of Dishonor— Adds- Sensational Charges to Evidence
Against Alleged Land Grabbers— Hyde's Office Boy -Testifies
TWO CONVERTS ADOPTED
Celestials Embrace Christian
Faith in Spite of the Op
position of Their Kelatives
CHINESE WOULD
PREACH GOSPEL
SHOWS NO SIGN
OF A COLLAPSE
DAVIS FACES
HIS ACCUSER
MAGNET AIDS
IN OPERATION
TURNING STATE'S EVIDENCE PROVES
UNEASY BUSINESS FOR W. D. HARLAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO? CALL, FRIDAY, -APRIL -15, 1904.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MARKET
1049 Market "Street,
OPPOSITE PEAGEB'S.
Phone South 894.
21 Van. Best Granulated STJOAE. .S1.00
¦ (With orders. .Full weight.)
1-lb. package Bast CO&ZT STARCH. . Sc
(Full weight.)
3 lbs. Thompson's SEEDLESS ' RAI-
SINS .25c
tFull weight.) j .
4 lbs. Fancy Evaporated \Apples . . .35c
(Full weight.)
4 lbs. SXLVXS FSTTBXS...* 25c
(Full weight.) . \
13 lbs. Good Santa Clara PSTTNES .35c
(Full weight.) • ..v.-s^-v*?. |
CHIEASDELLI COCOA . 20c
Large wood box PAKADISE SODAS
45c
2-gal. pall HONEY DRIP SYRXXP..85C
3 cans CREAM. Any Kind . ...... .25c
1 ral. FT7BS MAPLE SYRUP 95c
8 bars DIAMOND C SOAP 25c
We guarantee Good Goods and. Full
Weight at all times.
TradeYourOld
RAZORS
I'll allow you a liberal discount, as '
I'm collectlr.R, old Razors. I hav« ¦
excellent Razors as low as $1.00.
WANT A POCKET KNIFE? My '
special Knife costs only $1.00. You'll
. like It. Two or three blades. «
'• Razor Strops frot: 25c up. ,
- Two bars Williams' 10c Shavina;
.Soap. 15c. \ '
Mail Orders Promptly Filled. •
inn VISITING FA" ,
¦ Corrept Styles and Sizes — Also Busl-
•¦-. ness and Prof esslonal Cards. i
THAT MAIM PITTS
; \ ¦ - . F. >W;. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 Market St., /jg& ]
. !•-•'. ; T"?' San ' Francisco. t
Pleurisy
Pneumonia
Consumption
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Italpruner Medical Mfg.'.Coi,
28iCalifornia St., S. F.; sent by
mail or express. People curcH
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. ml
• : ¦¦¦ -- --.:.•. .-¦¦ ¦%-
fk I Ell #^ Ammunition. Huntlcs aod
¦ ¦¦ImIV Sportlnc Good*. Larfeit
¦ ¦I I 111 ttock. Lowest iricea. Sta>i
111 Illl 1 for catalogue.
U W I « FHREVE £ BARBER CO..
Mark* at. aa4 621
/, . ¦ X«TO s«.
ADVTBTISEMENTS.
Back of many a shrewd
business deal, that's being
put through as you read
this, lies the brain-clear-
ing, wit - sharpening break-
fast of "FORCE."
Tt* r«xi of TORCr/ 1 1» that It belp» yoo to
ttdnk better and work UeCter.
¦'--. It ta worth morr tbaa other food* becanaa
• lb«r* M *> mncfa more good Thlnlrtnr aod «ror»-
*? log »Uifl IB trrvrj box.
Nothing Excels this Simple Remedy
\- -To Curt; '/(ffPp^ To Beli « v «
Cougtis,
Sore^ThrMt. Brcnchlfis.
Soft tm Boxri orltj. *¦ *///? ,£RAILROAD COMPLETES A MERGER.
: ' Gilt-edge deal for a" wise dealers-deal in Gilt
Edge Twhitkey. •' Wlchman, Lutgen : 4; ; Co.,' 320
Clay et:,: San Francisco.- •.
a SEATTLE. "April i 14.— The steamship Stanley
• Dollar.' which' sailed t from this port 'to-day. . by
way » of ; Muklltec.* *• f or.; JaDan.-: carried "among
other • cargo 3250 tons of barley. ; supposed to be
Intended if or consumption by Japanese cavalry
horses. ; . > -"¦¦¦ ¦ ".- >-v. T ¦':.'¦'.¦-,
ASTORIA— Arrived Anrll : '14-^Schr • W -H
Talbot ¦ fronvHUo: bark Ilesper,- hence Aprllil.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Anril Hh-Schr A B
Johnson, for, San Francisco. 'gawaaiaMan^liir W|
¦Arrived April '14 — Stmr Newburg; and
nado, v hence ¦'Ajjriril.'v- '**¦-•¦ '¦-.''._¦:: :, ¦ ,* - ."
PORT.TOWNSEND— Arrived April • 14-1-Schr
Alice Cooke,- hence March 31.
EUREKA- Sailed -¦-¦ ADrll ;, 14— Stmr North
Fork, for; San -Francisco. - .
DOMESTIC PORTS,
; :;. ¦; :: sailed.;' ¦¦:. ¦ ¦¦ ¦ \ ; v- -.:.'¦
v "¦ - ¦¦¦¦':.¦ , Thursday, April 14.' .
' Ptmr ¦ Samoa. Madpen,. Caspar. , ' >--\j •¦
Stmr ¦ Ventura. ,: Hayward,;- Honolulu, ,• Pago
rago, Auckland and, Sydney. . -
Late Shipping Intelligence.
-•;. LONDON, April ; 14.— A \ private '; tele
gram received ' by > ja • leading , Zionist of
London ; to-day : ; from fan ; English mem
ber of the* Zionist I actionTcommittee | at
Vienna'!' says: 'J "Everything^ arranged
satisfactorily." "¦ This .refers : to the ques
tion ' of a 1 " Zionist^' settlement ; in • East
'Africa. 1 -. -/>¦; ¦ ' 4 '
Zionists ' in \ South Africa.
' SAN JOSE. April 14.— Sheriff Langford to
day received; a dispatch from , Sheriff,, Vincent
of -Crawford County.; Kansas, stating that' he
would start Immediately; to take charge of Joe
Godley the ¦ hegro ' now J In jail \ here. ? who Is
wanted' In that State for. alleged murder.
¦WASHINGTON, April 14.— The House Com
mittee on Industrial Arts decided to-day to
postpone further consideration of the Jamee
town. Va., exposition appropriation of $3,000,
000 until the nest session of Conxreas..
STOCKTON, April 14.— Ira Saunders,
a well-known and prominent farmer of
Roberts Island, and his wife and child
were held up to-night by a robber on
French Camp road two miles south of
this,city. . Saunders. is now in the hos
pital with a serious wound in the low
er part of the body.
. Saunders and his wife came to the
city this evening" and . started for home
after, nightfall. They, had. driven v but ;a
short distance .when r ; a • man stepped
out in the road and^ brandishing a pis
tol demanded . that the farmer get out
of the vehicle and hand over his money.
Saunders Jumped, out of the buggy,
and was !,' going : through . his . pockets
when he noticed that his wife had 'also
jumped to the ; ground. Rendered des
perate by ' : fear that she. i. might,. be
harmed he grasped the pistol that the
robber held at his chest, and a" desper
ate encounter ensued. : The pistol was
discharged, and the ball entered ; Saun
ders' groin. .
The ; aged, farmer held, the gun and
also grabbed the robber's hat as" the
latter; released" his i hold < and" ran from
the scene.- Mrs. Saunders summoned
assistance,' and the : wounded man was
conveyed to St.' ; Joseph's ; Hospital.; Men
were - soon v scouring ; the country / for
the; highwaymen; 'and^astthey have; a
good description lt'.is believed that it is
only a matter of a few hours before he
is taken into custody. -^ .'i^^^
Special Dispatch to The Call
Koberts Island Resident
Has a Desperate Struggle
* With Bandit Near Stockton
purpose of building a road from Chico
to Stirling,: paralleling the, road of the
Diamond Match Company, but the ink
on the incorporation papers had barely
dried before it was discovered that the
Southern Pacific Company had gobbled
up the Diamond Match Company's road
and then leased it to the latter con
cern. ¦
Since then. Yard and Bartnett have
had frequent conferences In this city
and have seemingly been on the best
of. terms, a condition that did not exist
a few months before, when Bartnett's
surveyors were daily abusing Yard's en
terprise and .striving in every manner
to shut him qut of the territory north
of Sacramento. Lately surveyors of
the Southern Pacific Company, when
ever the weather would \ permit, have
been operating? in Nevada westward
toward Beckwith Pass and at points in
the Sacramento Valley in the neighbor
hood of the .route of the Yard and
Bartnett surveys. . '
The fact • that Yard and Bartnett
were peacefully resting on their oar3
while the Southern Pacific Company,
was maneuvering over their routes has
frequently/of late. ' caused comment.
The fact that Bartnett's pay drafts
were being cashed in the bank at Win
nemucca* owned ".by George S. Nixon,
the Southern Pacific Company's repre
sentative in . Nevada, only tended to
strengthen the • suspicion that Bart
nett '¦> was dealing : with the , Harriman
people and Yard was patiently await-
FARMER FIGHTS
WITH ROBBER
BLOWS OUT GAS.— W. A. Nealaon of Sa
linas "blew out the gas Wednesday • nlrht at
80" Leavcnworth street and yesterday morning
was resuscitated with difficulty by the Emer
gency Hospital BUrseone. •
Because of the necessity of repair
ing the electrical apparatus which was
destroyed by the explosion, the Mis
souri will be ordered to New York for
repairs. Admiral -Capps, chief con
structor of the navy, has gone to Pen
pacola to make a personal examination
of the turrets of the Missouri. The
construction bureau, which designs and
builds these turrets, for some time has
been working on: the problem of ; de
signing j a turret . that will prevent ; the
communication of .flame from the top
of the turret, where the gun -; crews
stand, to the handling room, where
the ammunition converges from the
magazine at the : foot of the ¦ ammuni
tion hoists. Thus far no satisfactory
solution has been reached. : As ex
plained by one of the senior naval con
structors, what is desired is some
means of : automatically opening and
closing the large hole in- the floor of
the turret through which the ammuni
tion Is lifted by the hoist up ; the well
at the bottom of the ship to the breech
of the guns. There are two of these
hoists and consequently two openings
about three or- four- feet across.—
LONDON, April 14.— Lord Selborne,
First Lord of the Admiralty, sent a
representative to • the United States
Embassy to express sympathy with the
United States: Government because of
the accident -on ; board the battleship
Missouri yesterday.
. Captain Prince - Louis • of Battenburg,
in his capacity as director of naval.in
telligence,, also telegraphed to the
United r States : naval attache. Captain
Charles H. Stockton, as follows:
."We arc deeply .distressed - and
grieved at the. terrible accident on ! the
Missouri' and the loss of so many.gal
lant brother seamen.'". ;
REPAIRS 'FOR WARSHIP.
Count Cassini, the Russian Embassa
dor, has sent a letter to President
Roosevelt expressing his regret and
sympathy for the accident on the Mis
souri: \ ' <:T : y
the expression of my heartfelt sympa
thy in the loss- which America has suf
fered in the death of so many gallant
officers and men of your navy. Believe
me. Mr. President, yours most sincerely,
"STERNBERG."
It would be a comparatively easy
task for the Harriman syndicate to
build north from the main line of the
Central Pacific in Nevada, through
the Beckwith Pass and thence in a
southwesterly direction to Stirling
or even to Oroville.by way of which
the main line of the company would
be reached and traffic extended to this
city. While Attorney Bartnett and
H.H. Yard. decline to make known
their future plans, „ the report from
Reno will greatly strengthen the per
vailing opinion among ' local financiers
that they are dealing .with the offi
cials of the Southern Pacific Company,
with a view of turning over their
rights of way and, surveys to that cor
poration.
Harriman long ago began to regard
the pass as the only solution for over
coming the heavy grade3 of the Sierras
other than constructing an expensive
tunnel through the mountains. Collis
P. Huntingdon admitted his mistake in
not going out of California by way of
the Beckwith Pass. Harriman realized
the need of getting control of a section
of the pass, and there is a growing sus
picion that he determined to accom
plish this by dickering with the Bart
nett company. '•
ing developments. It is generally con
ceded that Yard is master of the situ
ation in so far as his road and Bart
nett's is concerned, in the Sacramento
Valley and Bartnett has a well outlin
ed route through Beckwlth Pass east
ward to Salt Lake.
Bernard Vedner, who was sentenced
to four years in Folsom prison on Jan
uary 3, but on account of his youth
v.as allowed by Judge Dunn to have
his liberty on probation, was arrested
last ni^rht and will be taken before the
Must Serve -His Sentence.
Herrera Wins In a Round.
CHICAGO. Aoril 14. — Aurelio Her
rera of California knocked out Kid
Farmer of Chicago : to-night in the
first round of a scheduled six-round
bout.
He rece'ved a severe contusion of
the right leg and "the left arm. After
having his wounds dressed by Dr. Wil
son at the Emergency Hospital he was
taken to his home, 26S Turk street.
Albert Lake, while riding on an out
bound Leavenworth-street car. either
fell oft or was accidentally pushed off
the car and run over by a car of the
same line coming in an opposite di
rection.
Run Over by a Car.
Indicted on a Charge Similar to That
Made la Connection Wltli the
I>ec Case. |
MINNEAPOLIS. Minn.. April 14. —
Albert A- Ames, former Mayor of Min
neapolis, was arrested to-day on
an indictment charging him with
accepting a bribe on December
IS, 1901, from Bessie Lee. The in
dictment is like the others upon which
he was first arraigned, but the sen
sational feature of this one is that the
same witnesses are not depended
upon. In the indictment appears the
names of Lilly T. Ames, -wife of Col
onel Fred Ames; Joseph Cohen, Frank
I^arrabee. Irwin A. Gardner. Thomas
D. Brown and two women. Dr. Ames
pleaded not guilty and his case was
set for trial May -2. '
IXHtMER MAYOR A. A. AMES
IS AGAIN r.VDER ARREST
Judge to-morrow to be 6ent to Fol-
Gom to serve his term. • If he had fol
lowed Judge Dunn's instructions he
would have been all right, but latterly
he has been associating with one Cos
tello, an ex-convict, and so Officers
McGrayan, Wren and Brown decided
to take him in.
LOS ANGELES, April 14.— The Sev
enth District Episcopal Missionary con
ference, after being opened by Bishop
Nichols, to-day selected Salt Lake City
as th«* convention city of next year.
Salt Lake was the only city that ex
tended an invitation, although Bishop
Funsten of Boise intimated that his
people would be glad to entertain the
The principal addresses of the day
were by Bishop Moreland of Sacra
mento and Bishop Olmstead of Colo
rado on "Essentials in Religious Teach
ing."
Matters of interest to delegates and
members of the church took up the time
of the convention to-day. Large audi
ences attended both meetings of the
conference, as well as the meeting of
the woman's auxiliary held in St.
Paul's Parish house.
delegates. Rev. Joseph Johnson, bish
op of Los Angeles, Rev. James E. Ed
die of Salt Lake and Senator Lardner
of Auburn, were chosen as an execu
tive committee to have charge of con
ference business during the coming
year.
EPISCOPALIAN" PRELATE "WHO IS
PKOMIXENT AT THE LOS ANGELES
CONFERENCE.
"Am Inexpressibly grieved and
shocked at the terrible catastrophe. I
desire to express to you and to the of
ficers and men under you my profound
grief and sympathy."
The following telegram has been sent
by. the "Secretary of the Navy, to the
•widow of I*ieutenant j W. C. Davidson,
U.- S. N., a similar telegram having
been sent to the families of each of the
officers and enlisted men who lost their
lives in the Missouri explosion: ,
"The President directs me, to convey
to you his sympathy in: your, bereave
ment in the death ot your husband
¦while In ! the faithful J discharge • of j his
fluty."' Permit me at- the same time to
express my own sympathy and to,as
sure you that you have that of the en
tire navy. - WILLIAM H. MOODY,
• "Secretary.**
President Roosevelt has' received ahe
following communication regarding the
disaster onUhei Missouri from the Ger
man Embassador: *. '
"."Dear,, Mr. v President— Kindly accept
The President also has 6ent the fol
lowing telegram to Rear Admiral
Barker:
* The President accompanied his check
for $100 with the following letter to
Secretary Moody:
"My Dear Mr. Secretary— May I send
through you' this contribution to be
used for the benefit of the dependent
kinsfolk of the men who have Just been
killed aboard the Missouri? Under the
conditions of modern warfare in order
efficiently to prepare for war risk must
be run similar in kind though not to
the degree to the risk run in battle,
and these men have died for their
country as much as if the ship had
been in action against an enemy. Sin
cerely yours, . .
"THEODORE ROOSEVELT.' 1
LETTER FROM PRESIDENT.
WASHINGTON. April 14.— Upon his
arrival at the Navy Department to
day Secretary Moody gave orders that
arrangements be made for the trans
portation of the bodies of all the offi
cers and men killed on the battleship
Missouri yesterday. If it is found there
is no fund available for this purpose
a request will be made on Congress for
a* special appropriation.
Senor Quesada, the Cuban Minister,
called at the State Department to-day
to offer the sympathy of President
Palma to the Washington Government
for the Missouri catastrophe. The fol
lowing cablegram was received- to-day
by the Secretary of the Navy from the
British Admiralty: . '
"The Board of Admiralty desires to
express its sympathy and condolence
on the occasion of the gun accident
on board the Missouri, and their great
regret over the loss of life of officers
and men."
The President has contributed the
sum of $100 and the Secretary of the
Navy a like sum as the neuclus of a
fund for the relief of the dependent
next of kin of the enlisted men who
lost their lives in the disaster on the
Missouri- The money has been placed
in the hands of Paymaster General
Harris, U. S. N., chief of the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts, who has
been constituted the custodian of the
fund and who will disburse it under
the direction of the Bureau of Navi
gation for the benefit of such depend
ents.
TRANSPORTATION FOR DEAD.
PENSACOLA, Flo., April 14.— That
the newest battleship of the navy, the
Missouri, had a narrow escape from
being blown to pieces by the explosion
of a magazine,. and also beached, came
to light, to-day.
Captain William S. Cowles prevented
the latter when the vessel was within
850 yards of the beach by giving or
ders that the ship's course be changed.
Chief Gunner's Mate Monson saved the
ship and the lives of over 600 men by
Jumping into the open magazine, and
closing the door behind him. It is
stated, although not by officers of the
Missouri, that when the officers heard
the explosion in the turret and saw the
tire lapping through the top they real
ized that the magazine would next ex
plode and headed the ship for the
beach, intending to beacli her if pos
sible before the explosion. Captain
Cowles quickly stopped . the plan and
put the ship back to sea.
When the first explosion occurred in
the turret the men in the handling
room knew in an instant what had oc
curred. The big magazine door was
open and standing against it were four
charges of powder. Without a mo
ment's hesitation Gunner's Mate Mon
son shoved these aside and, jumping
into the magazine, pulled the door
closed after him.
The magazines were totally flooded
with" water and when the men opened
the door they found Monson barely
alive, the water having reached to hid
neck.
The damage to the taattleship is much
greater than was stated at first. In
addition to the large amount of am
munition ruined by the magazine being
flooded, which will amount to thou
sands of dollars, the after turret is»
badly injured, the top being burned
away and all brasswork melted inside.
The hoist is a charred mass and the
mechanism of the guns is completely
ruined. The estimated damage caused
by the explosion will reach $50,000. The
total list of dead now numbers thirty
two, one man having expired last night
and two to-day. It is hardly probable
that other deaths will occur. O. B.
Mof, apprentice, second class; J. F.
Knight, seaman; J. L. Donnelly, or
dinary seaman, were : added to the
death list.
-'The funeral of seventeen of the sea
men occurred this afternoon and each
ship of the fleet was represented, while
thousands of persons from the city
were in attendance, every place of bus
iness being closed for the afternoon
and flags on all buildings placed at
half mast.
The bodies of the officers and eight
of the ship's men were shipped to their
former homes to-night, and the others
are being held to await advices from
relatives. The bodies interred this after
noon will be disinterred and shipped to
relatives and friends. Th» Missouri
will not conclude her target practice,
but will go to New York to* be docked
as soon as the court of inquiry makes
its findings.
Blowing Back of the Flame
After Discharge of the
Heavy Gun the Probable
Cause of the Disaster
PRESIDENT STARTS
FUND FOR FAMILIES
Three Seamen Are Added to
the Victims of the Explo :
sion in a Turret of the U.
IS. Battleship . Missouri
Interesting Addresses Are Made.bjr Prominent Prelates at
the Largely Attended Conference of Notable Churchmen
Now in Progress in the Southern California Metropolis
WARSHIPS
PERIL STIRS
HEROISM
EPISCOPALIANS WILL MEET
I N THE CAPITAL OF UTAH
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CAL.U VFRIDAY; APRIL "15,: 1904.
Continued From Page 1, Column . 1.
5
; ADVEBTISEMENT3. _ [ ._'__'__¦__
¦BWMQajttBBMinMaoasivnBB^BSiMIMBtfflBBVBBBRBMMtiKHBjpHM
Wfa $k HP&llJfl^^ s e j°7 °f the household, for without
jggjff fiB Hj« 7 nB|> it no happiness can be complete. How
jOl KmmL m5& H bjI sweet the picture of mother and babe,
tM&r BFIH Bsr H angels smile at and commend the
n H jtf^ m /Rk ma . ' thoughts an d aspirations of the mother
In gM H »h a* bending over the cradle. The ordeal through
SRgf 1 9 m bP which the expectant mother must pass, how-
BV Bpl 9 flj H— ever, is so full of danger and suffering that
she looks forward to the hour when she shall
feel the exquisite thrill of motherhood with indescribable dread and
feari Every woman should know, that tKe -danger^ pain arid* horror
of child-birth can be' entirely avoided by the use of Mother's /Friend,
a scientific liniment for external use only, which toughens and renders
pliable all the parts, and ¦^¦^^^--^^ m -^ ¦ '
assists nature in its sublime nffl fl "hP g R WF ttrm I R
work. By its aid thousands HH 11 | HH @S E&L 7
of women, have passed this 1W| BIB 1 iaSH
great crisis in perfect safety ." , ;^^ . > . "' ™.™ ™T- ™ . a - •
and Without pain. Sold at $i.6o per Hi B^' H Bi WiM WKSS
bottle by druggists. Our book of priceless t Uf 1 L MM ¦
value to all women sent free. A'ddresa WT tfv I P^ II ||
ORADFtOJO REGULATOR CO., Atlanta. £*-. ¦ IllBlVlaf
THE EMPOBiTra | THE EMPORfcnffi | THE EMPOKITrM. * . _ THE EBOOBIirM:
I Extra Special Friday and Saturday Sales \
at In addition to the great April Sales of Men's and Women's Wearing Apparel, Furniture, Carpets, Draperies and |
j House-Furnishing Goods, Muslin Underwear an'd French Lingerie, we offer to-day and Saturday a line ofispecials, j
J£ a few of which are told of below; which we know cannot he duplicated elsewhere. J
i Large.men measuring 40 to 46 chest are buying $20 suits for $1 1.50, and $12.50 suits for $7.50. $
I ''• :A $%^'i£*£^ Men's Furnishings I
S Anti-Trust 'Prices O-EM&y *°J o^V^jl Friday and Saturday Sales |
I c^^iS^^^^^^^il^^^ s - £|Si) tStfc JL50 and $2L00 6on Shirts- In the latest stripes J
i STrfkr^rS a^S !?^K?.13?,?SS ¦ A 1«J num "^ f°n i
J No. 1 Ansco— Makos pictures 3 %x3% in.... 84.60 large num- special Sale, each $1.10 J
*" 3 Ansc^Makes pictures 4x5 X inf.."!!:^v!i'.!$6i75 !ffi&0%2%a&H&fc\ " ° u f ? '°";'! Men's Wool Sweaters— J 2. 00 qualitv, in %
5" No. 4 Folding: Ansco — Makes pictures 3 '4x4 « in $12.50 JZm£>r'Z&Bfi£&5B*,,*\ summer hats, copies - • 'T
I no. 5 Folding An^co makes pfctures 4x5 m. ..Jis.73 of ?o or more cxclu- combinations of red and black, steel and J
X Before you buy your new camera let us demon- mtWwBwS^Jtr 7" . * , , , , royal, black and f^een, navy and red, on jt
%• strafe h you the good points of the An,co. • k 17. special sale to-day and Saturdavx^^S *
I Botox-A hiKh-dass developing paper, carbon finish. . V^J*^^ \ made up in our own * ' %
Sthe superior of any similar product on the market. tHJJFa-^ "r workrooms, hats that Men S Novelty Lisle Hose In the new gun "•
and note the<little prices — '• ¦¦¦ . . • ¦ : . i ¦> j. i ¦ j m x • « j i "2
x 3%x3^-inch.. .:. lib d<w. 4x5-inch.. ....... i4o doz. -f V ¦ *l wou'd regularly «ell metal and silver grays, fancy stnpes, dot- £
* Sn^ l 8^w^£A™i^^4;iS&^. ~. 7 r^ for t7^° cach# at ted and spotted effects ' pair * - 50 ° 1
g 3^U n c^ ' ( ;^ t0 c PlaC t C o dav Brown Is the Color for Ncck^r at the present" I
\ Rotox Developer, for rotox paper— 6 tubes in a box; •pecul «t,e. to-cay moment. Just received a complete OS- «
\ .^eftp^tffi^^tt^lWorV^^^^ and Saturday only, .t g~ OA rortment of the ne^v effects, bi golden, I
ft sell the Rotox, ; 6 tubes in a bdx, for ... W«C m/9—TM%*m* «rt>! and tnhirrn hrna-nc +»/-Lrc imn«r*^1« 5
I =St^--^« mm&mi^m j
4-oz. glass tumbler graduates ........ .80 hair braid and Tuscan Straw Turbans, flower and ribbon made, Correct SliapeS OUO *
|| :^^ |f^§^||^fs i-^-^n-j**--^ I
I S> inches ..••••••••••••• ...... .15o fancy ?hape« and da ntily trimmed. sedlulcbb, P<tu, MWSj »> lor. ... .4COC
I To-Day 8:30 to 11 am. Only \ Novelty 75 Hose 56c \
% 1000 pairs Women's 65c l and.75c lace or open-work f^a£§S||iS§?f
i llSle GlOVeS and MittS, jn White and black; 9ftg+ Herimdorf black and new shades ot tans and grays; exclusive S6C "?
*{ Very Sty'«r'l /and dr^SSy, for. the 2% hOUrS Only, pair.. *^-\^.^*- ' noveltiei never sold at less than 75c the pair; for the two day*, tale price. . - ' «
K Dainty $7.50 Crepe Tempting Array of Friday and Saturday S
l! He Chine Waists £4 85 Bargains for Men and 'Boys f
* f#C7 %JMKMKM%? f f HI9I9 The big April Sa!es of Men'. Fine Suits can't la« many days longer. Qne d&^ ' $
$ In addition tO the remarkable April customer tdl. another of the good clothirg bargain, he ha. .ecured; the friend £**j* . >|
•-. <&«** k • rr ¦ r i «i 1 comes and buvi and tells his friend, of h» luck. The result >s the sale has kept up &«1!f •'
J <!*%£& ' 0ffenn S° f Sample SUltS We place wirh unabate d ; nterest f or week , and the immense bt of suits that we began ITW 5
» On Sale 100 beautiful Silk Crepe with has dwindled down to a few hundred. 5*^fS',- 5
*[ * <\ e Chine VVllistS, round yoke But plenty of the be.t styles ar: left for your choosing to-day and Saturday, and A^SS^t^^^'X.
5 fl^ " effect, beautifully tucked and all .«« from 34 "> 46. M — . §&zfffi&f.K S
•? *r'-^*l i • % ... ,-*» " l' ¦ j.u Whether you want a black, blue or fancy mixed suit you are sure to find lome- »*-• v.»/'v ••••."*¦;¦ Sr • S
* trimmed with lace insertion; the thing in thc aS5ortment and MVC ' fro m $ a . c O » jg.50 on our regular low price.. ..rJ|^^s*-?feM-:-:3 *
* /^^SS«v coIors are pink, blue, cream, $15.00 and $20.00 Suits for $t 1.50- Sack and frock ,tyi«, Xfr^j^i^&M K
It- 1 \kk ; IPPf1 green, black, White, tan and fine Worsteds in nobby stripes, plaids and mixtures; also £*'§'§ tS^% *•'¦'' '&'»\-'i?&^&i*& «f
/ nVSwSfK lavender; a full J7-50 value; for *™ "«« s "g" and w.ck diagona'i, high grade and per. Af#»OC# H>?-<'V'^(S®. *
' h. F~5? A Y\ ftWW \ V \ \ ,1. a -i e 1 cy« DK feet fitting suits, reduced for the April sales to ... . .7*^-- vra-c" • * * *C'Ci*-' J w *C
j Jf 4 %%\ S V It) the Pnl ¦ ¦' '' " ' *^'"° I10.00 and Jiz.50 Suits for $ 7 . 5 O-Sack and frock styles, fine cassimeres and T* V £*$S£MB&-. 5
j «* I L / \ 1/ jf/J^ / e v AcCOrdeon SKirt $12^0- Made cheriott, in neat^ mixtures for business wear, also black diagonals and cheviots; .''A-'-- ' '-'?XgPr
* L -yKj^^-vM^^' Q f f^e French henrietta Cloth; not all sizes in some styles, but you may get your siie in 9 E2Lf% jSS^JESSS^T^ *
* \ V^^WL^^ / ' n SraV, tan, Cream, White, th^ons you like best; .pecially reduced tcr the AprU y F^^^^ V
I* \|| b r0VVn Or : . black; a Very hand- Coats'for sV.OO-Theyare'worth «ii.oe,'*nd certiinly better taUored . : 4-Sfe ' '• . J*
K / Some garment;; an exceptional an a ntte j than the most of the $20.00 coats that we have seen in the most ex- ? ' 'r!at~,':- r ' "' • J^
value at.'ilw- •- • $12*50 elusive clothing stores. They are cut 34 to 36 inches long, have broad shoulders l*Ji'0jne$z£'$ **
5 «^ hh wb i^ a^ M»J''»^^^«iiM^^«™^"^^"» and shapely lapels and stiff fronts that won't sag; fine quality covert in tan and §¦ v I ' * :- J>
' K 0+w mm -#-—. m*&i£'-ir~-m.Ji''*M olive shades, with a faint hair-line of brown. The new thing. Wc expect to &¦ ¦s±.i\kp: : ::{.} #
lit 35C Veiling MVG/rara , geU the lot by Saturday night; each. . . . / . $15.00 |: W^'i *
1 To-day and Saturday thousands'of of extremely Youth's Suits for Dress or Business $5.00 to $20.00-Every m& even to the w ;o| |g •.•j J
m luuay.aiiu j«i • j , ,, i , .-/ cheapest, is guaranteed to hold its shape (not so with all the young men a cloth- . j? -:-¦• -'f- : ;;-..* '1
2 I desirable Tuxedo veilings, in black and black and white Jng a^ ound town)- Fg . where yo . a must \ iy more than wc ask for these superior ; R^i £M j
*^ mixtures, plain, dotted and figured, WOrth UP tO 35C qualities. Compare the suits and prces and we are sure you will buy the young r'/.i i% V J ' 3*
£ the yard, at the very special sale price ... • 16c man's clothing of us. ; - -^ "^¦ ; .-i -. V FV-I *?0\ 5
** Veils to Match Costumts^In color effects, are in most demand; we are Boys' 3-Piece Suits for $5.00 -Another lot of those fine 3-p'ece suits in sizes 8 W-r (V;/ J,
% showhg a handsome assortment of the new dotted one, in black, V^, to .5 y«rs. They are the suit, the dov, want. A dozen or more pattern, to . Jgl &$ ,
1 brown red and champagne color,, extremely pretty de.ign., price.. .... Jf+^ . 1ft/ . %
m orown, rcaaiiui^ f 6 » j r j^ SOO to $1m75 for all-the-year-round wear in tha climate. .Dressy suits . and perfect fitting; . G0* . » b»\ j»
JI Chiffon Drabeli-Wirh * £ 6M thread on^*- hemstitched border, popular' co:ors .. »P«ial va'mes at . . . . . ,. . . . . . .- . .-. . . . . . . S5.OO S-T XT m
2 v-aiuuu ui»^w b r . . 65O Sailor and Russian Suits— For boys aj£ to 10 years, in the new spr.Dg mixtures, both dark and light shades; as M
$ Automobile Veil, -With ring hoop for proper 'adjustment, all ctfora'jf. SO good as you wiU find anywhere selling for here for . $3.95 $
I sale of Brushes I Butter 34c Square 5 °m°P a ! xe *' PB ff£ s
I To-Day and Saturday Anoth:r of our famou , , alel for J SlN / m— ,J*"** nVelO l' e * at J°? *
?» f 1. 5 o high-gride Miliurv Hair Bru?h«, pair. . ..63c urday, the best Creamery Butter, regular sue square,. . OnrCr a o.g purcnass ot utia .J
I f ,i., o 5 $ ,;,h if h r d t H, i ,B,.,h = ,, t ,ch. 63O r » e^v,,hin s ,.,K,,,,Or,^,^ 2Bo "1,'b" f.,'^L°"S \
l»; 75c «e,,,u.% Cloth Bru.b.1, »<!.. 43o champion Wh |, ky _ Km iueky Pride; ,J. SZ.4O, bonk ..7So IH^^^S bl cc , »hitt, crjm, '.,,, "5
| &j£0K2^i$$0§& ijffifjfmtfrQfJILttf •-?KSS«3£%J»^i I ff.ttS£ i
j; ;oc size Witch Hazel Cold Cream lUC M i^\^ M ' IMl/V L^WWMit^, now one-half to close. . . . .... 25 C to $lSo *
\ :i:i^L"-':?r m p^;,::::::::iS ~~ — -" y P €k1^Stsa#s ?^ I
*¦ Etc., Etc., Etc. '-— W^^^^ 1 A*IEBICA-S GRANDEST STORE Slopes? 50c and 60c I PP ¥£ 5
t£ ¦ ¦• - ¦ ¦ . i : ; ___— ; — ; — : ; g •_ *j<»
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Effective new
library rocker.
One of the new leather seat weathered
oak rockers just received. A decidedly
original creation and the sort of furni-
ture piece that quickly finds its way into
the smartly furnished home. Price $25.00.
Other patterns equally as effective.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
26 1 to 28 1 Geary Street; at Union Square,;.; OAKLAND, April 1 4 .--- J. L. Warder,
32 /years " old;, has . disappeared Tfrbm
his \ residence,*"/ 1014 )j Seventh 'avenue.
The, police have been; notified that 'the
missing, man is mentally, feeble.
Disappears From 'Home.
ALAMEDA, ' ..'Anr.il' 141— Delanoy &
Randlett of this city have been award
ed the contract to build the new First
Congregational Church.: They ..will' be
gin work as soon as the old building
now occupying the site of the pro
posed edifice is; removed. The new
church is to cost $35,000.
Will Build New, Church.
.On next Monday evening Dr. Lyman
Abbott, the. Well-known New York di
vine and successor ; of , Henry V Ward
Beecher.'.will deliver. an address before
theiUnitarian.Club;of California in the
American :dining T roonv : of the Palace
Hotel.. His subject will be "American
Ideals and Traditions." The Rev. Dr.
J. K. McLean and the Rer. Charles r]
Brown Oakland and the Rev. Brad
ford '¦ Leavitt .will • respond to ¦ Dr. Ab
bott's addresst^HMMnBBBHHBHfl
Dr. Lyman . Abbott to Speak.
Judge Hebbard made . an , order, yes
terday directing • the ; Board ¦' of Educa-^
tion to restore Irene : D.vReeves to her
position ¦:•. in the Polytechnic High
School. She I was ; placed - on Xthe-*un
assigned list last ; November, restored
and again dismissed. ;- Since -then . she
hai ; been v making a^ determined: effort
to be, restored.; Judge Hebbard's latest
order : not only restores * her, : but ; gives
her; her .salary * for* the"; time i that she
was suspended. > . ( .*
Mrs.r Reeves "Restored.!
OAKLAND,' April ,14:— -The South
ernj Pacific -Company, has : commenced
the; reconstruction of the long trestle
across the" north , arm of the estuary at
Seventh street, between Oak-street and
Clinton .stations... '"_- :, -
Bhilds New Railroad Trestle.
OAKLAND, April 14.— The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the. County. Clerk to-day: Manuel D.
Arougei over 21, Nlles, and Mariana
E. Gomez, Centerville; Ralph L..
Phelps, 24, San Francisco, and Flor
ence A. Boone, 22, Berkeley; Alex
Hammar, 36, .and Myrtle Boceman,23,
both of Oakland; James T. Lantry, 28.
and, Katherine Baine, 40, both of San
Francisco; George A. Deweese, '¦; over
21. and Lillian C. Davis, over IE, both
of Oakland. . ' .
M arrlage , Licenses.
Ilcvrlatlon of Source of Gold Supply
of Ferry Guleh Astonishes Trinity
Counts' Mihws.
I REDDING, April 14.— Alex Saunders,
i an inexperienced miner, recently . from
Oregon, has. with his partner, E. B
Channel of Minersville, Trinity County,
revealed the source of the gold that has
made Ferry Gulch one of the richest
placer diggings in Trinity County. Ex
perienced prospectors have unsuccess
fully sought this source for fifty years.
The finding of. it by Saunders and
Channel insures wealth to them.
From the rich body of ore on the
mountainside they pounded out $400 in
a hand mortar in one day. \ In tracing
the ledge higher they uncovered an
other rich streak from which they took
$500. . The camps in the vicinity are
wild with excitement over the find.
EXCITEMENT RUXS HIGH
OVER PROSPECTORS' FIND
riTTSBURG, April 14.— A settlement, wa*
reached to-flar la the sheet and tin plate
wage dispute between • the manufacturers and
the Amalsamated" Association. Wage* are re
duced 16 per cent.
Bruri said he visited the bench show
yesterday and recognized his dog,
which was lost eight months ago. The
recognition, he said,. was mutual and
the dog manifested every sign of de
light. Brun made inquiry and dis
covered that the dog had: been entered
by S. Barnett of the College Kennels,
115 Haight street, who claimed that
it belonged to him and that JBrun was
mistaken.. , • -/ : . . .
B. J. Brun, one of the proprietors of
the Poodle Dog restaurant, called at
the bond and warrant clerk's office yes
terday afternoon and secured a search
warrant to recover possession of a
Great Dane dog valued at $100, which
he claimed was on" exhibition at the
bench show in the Mechanics' Pavil
ion. ' jBBQftBjggBBgigsS
Owner Secures a Search Warrant to
Recover Possession of. His ; ?."
Great Dane.
OAKLAND, April 14.— Census Mar
shal Mailler Searles and his deputies
will commence to take the school
tensus to-morrow for Oakland.
Taking School Census.
BRUN FOUND HIS LOST
DOG AT THE BENCH SHOW
* The . meeting: is to be held in the
West End Wigwam, and extra seating
accommodations are being /installed.
Among those who have been invited
to address the assemblage . are Presi
dent J. \F. Forderer of the City Trus
tees, Mayor. Warren Olney of Oakland,-
Rev. Pfter ; C. : Yorke. President Ben-'
Jamin " Ide ¦ Wheeler ; of the University
of -California and the ladiea of the
civic section.of the Adelphian Cli>b. A
feature! of ; the /occasion -.will be the
turnout of the Oakland Boosters', Club.
Before the speech-making there will
be a brief musical programme. - ,
ALAMEDA, April 14.— Preparations
for the big rally of improvement clubs
of this city, Oakland and Berkeley, to
be. held here on Thursday evening,' the
21st, are well In hand, and the indica
tions are that there will be a great
crowd of public spirited and progres
sive residents of the county in attend
anca at the Joint affair.
Public Splrfted Citizens of Three Cities
Will Meet and Boost In Ala- *
\. meda.
IMPROVEMENT CLUBS ;
PLAN GRAXD RALLY
OAKLAND. April 14.— Mrs. Cora L.
Younger dismissed her divorce suit
against Joshua M. Younger to-day and
the pair have come to a solution of
their troubles outside the courts. They
hare been married for many years,
t>ut lately the wife charged that he
had been treating her cruelly. 5?h<j
filed her action yesterday and dis
missed it to-day.
Wife Reconsiders.
The Filipino constabulary will not
go into camp at the Presidio, but will
start for St. Louis immediately after
arrival here.
Major Albert Todd and family will
depart for Washington early next
week.
Brigadier General Frank M. Coxe,
who has been seriously ill for the last
month at the Lane Hospital, has re
covered to the extent that he will be
moved to his apartments at the St.
Nicholas Hotel to-morrow.
Major Samuel W. Dunning, the new
adjutant general, Department of Cal
ifornia, arrived from the East late
yesterday and is visiting his brother
in Oakland.
The Eleventh Cavalry is due to ar
rive to-day from Manila on the trans
port Sheridan. They will go into the
model camp at the Presidio for a few
days and then proceed to their dif
ferent posts.
TROOPS ARE DUE TO-DAY
FROM THE PHILIPPINES
Mamrdans Want Elcrtricit*
ALAMEDA. April 14. — William M.
Bowers, chairman of the Electric
Light Committee cf the City Trustees.
with City Electrician G. A. Wiese and
an expert engineer, is inspecting the
local plant with a view to installing
day power for local consumption.
Whether this will be genemted at the
municipal works or purchased from
an outside company and distributed by
the city is yet to be decided. The de
mand for electric power for day use is
rapidly increasing here.
The stockholders- of the Italian-
Swiss Mutual Loan Association held
their seventeenth annual meeting yes
terday .at their office in the Italian-
American Bank building. Secretary
A. Sbarboro presented his financial
statement, which shows that the cor
poration has been remarkably success
ful in its long career. It has assisted
275 of its members to procure homes
for their families, having loaned them
$635,007 87, and 254 of these homes
have already been paid for and their
mortgages released.
The investors who did not build
homes, but used the association aa a
means of saving their monthly earn
ings, have received the handsome sum
of $706,291.76, Including $155,284 26
earnings, which gives the shareholders
a liberal rate of interest on their in
vestment.
The following officers and directors
¦were re-elected by 'unanimous vote:
President. P. C. Rossi; vice president,
P. Barbieri; treasurer, A. J. Merle;
secretary, A. Sbarboro; assistant sec
retary, A. E. Sbarboro; attorney, D.
Freldenrich; directors. P. Barbieri, A.
J. Merle, C. A. Malm, A.«Sbarboro, P.
C. Rossi, A. E. Sbarboro, D. Paroni,
G. B.'Cevasco, G. de Luca.
The secretary was then authorized
to' open his books for subscription to
1000 shares of stock of the eighteenth
series.
Affairs of Italian-Swiss Mutual Loan
Association Are in a Flourishing
Condition. '
OAKLAND. April 14. — The funeral
of Mrs. Augusta Storch of Alameda
tvas stopped this morning upon an or
der from the District Attorney's of
fice until the cause of death could be
ascertained. It was re^iyented to
the District Attorney tna>- the de
ceased had died from the effect of in
juries received from a fall from a car
In San Francisco. An investigation
was made by Coroner H. B. Mehr
mann and it was found that the
woman died from pneumonia. The
funeral was then allowed to proceed.
I-Htncral Is Stopped
STOCKHOLDERS OP BENEFIT
SOCIETY HOLD A MEETING
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
j 1118 Broadway, April 14.
Helpless and alone, awaiting the slow
approach of death by starvation, Mrs.
John, Carter, proprietor of a little res
taurant in Haywards, 'was found Tues
day evening by Deputy Sheriff Sim
monas lying on a cot in the rear room
of her establishment, where she had
lain- for four days without food. So
weak was the woman . from lack of
nourishment' that she was unable to
notify the neighbors of her plight. .
Mrs. Carter was suffering from ery
sipelas and had she been left without
aid but a few hours longer would cer
tainly have perished. - .
The attention of the officer was first
called to the case by Mrs. Peter Jack
son, who notified him that Mrs. Carter
had not been seen about the restaurant
for several days. Simmonds found the
restaurant front door locked and was
obliged to force his way into the place.
Mrs. Carterrwas in the rear room and
so weak 4 that she did not recognize
either Mrs. Johnson or the officer.
Dr. Alexander, was called and ad
vised that the woman be removed to
the County Infirmary. She was taken
there yesterday afternoon, but was in
such a critical condition that the doc
tors hold out little hope for her recov
ery. Mrs. Carter is nearly 50 years of
age and has lived in Haywards for ten
years. She was' deserted by her hus
band in 1892 and has two sons, who
lived with her in Haywards for some
time, but have since gone away.
The funeral of Mrs. Charles S. Kon
igsberg, wife of the superintendent of
the Pacific Mutual Life Insurance
Company, who died in this city last
Monday, was held yesterday afternoon
at 1:30 o'clock from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate undertak
ing parlors. Interment was In Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
Mrs. Konigsbcrg Buried.
3Irs. John Carter Is Found
Sick and Starving by Dep
uty Sheriff of Haywards
OAKLAND, April 14.— The new bell
tower at Mills College was dedicated
to-day, and the fact that it is the only
one on the continent makes the event
.one of impressive interest. Hundreds
of people from near and far were pres
ent at the dedicatory services, at Lisser
Hall and at the tower.
• The chime of bells which has been
given a final resting place in the tower
is of historic importance. The bells
were sent by a Cincinnati firm to the
World's Fair at Chicago, and being pur
chased by M. H. de Toung were brought
to California for the Midwinter Fair.
David Hewes, a brother of Mrs. Le
land Stanford, bought the bells and
presented them to Mills College, where
they have reposed for .several years,
earning from the students the nick
name "the silent ten."
But they are silent no longer, for
Mrs. F. M. Smith, at an expense of al
most $10,000, has just completed a most
artistic bell tower, which will be a last
ing monument, to her generosity. The
tower is of : old mission architecture
and is built of solid concrete. The door
came from the old • mission at "Mon
terey. Being the gift of a woman and
dedicated to the higher education of
women, it was fitting that a woman
should furnish the architectural design,
a work most admirably done by Miss
Julia Morgan. . '
The greater part of the dedicatory
exercises took place in Lisser Hall, and
at the conclusion of Rev. C. R. Brown's
address the crowd formed Into proces
sion and, led by the students, wended
its way to El Campanil, as the bell
tower has been named. There the dedi
catory prayer was repeated -by Rev. E.
E. Baker; after which the chimes rang
out In patriotic tunes under the skillful
manipulation of Wallace A. Sabin. .
The programme for the afternoon was
as follows:
Organ prelude, Wallace A. v Sabin; in
vocation, Rev. Raymond' C. Brooks;
psalm one hundred • and ' fifty; hymn,
"Joy to the World"; statement by Mrs.
C. T. Mills; address, "Belfry and Bells
— Their Story,- Meaning and Message,"
F. M. Damon of Honolulu; ode by Miss
Julia- Tolma'h Lee, read by Miss F. B.
de" Forest; | address, /Rev. Charles R.
Brown ; organ postlude, ; Miss Zueletta
Geery; dedicatory prayer at the Cam
panil, Rev. E. E. Baker, D. D.; chime
of bells, played by Wallace A. Sabin.
During the course of his remarks Dr.
Brown announced that the trustees of
Mills College had decided to raise the
endowment fund to :. $1,000,000 and that
already more than $42,000 of f the $100,000
which they intend to raise every year
has been subscribed. George W. Scott
gave the first $10,000 and Edward Cole
man the second: $10,000. The Mills
Alumnae Association gave . $21,800,
which, together with f- numerous small
sums ' of $10 ¦ and $20, has started the
endowment fund well on its way. The
finance committee .which has this mat
ter, in charge includes George T. Haw
ley, F. M. Smith, Captain Charles Nel
son and A; J. Ralston." Mrs. '-.Mills' and
Professor Lisser have been appointed, a
committee ' on \ sub-committees, "J and
,Rev.' E. : E. Baker, Rev. R. C. Brooks
and Rev. C. R." Brown constitute a com
mittee on -endowment literature.
This afternoon a reception will be
held at the Franklin Grammar School
in the newly decorated hall, that is at
once the pride of the California Club,
led by Mrs. J. W. Orr, chairman of the
department of education, and of the
Board of Education. Here are four
bare walls transformed into a pleasing
meeting-roorti, with tinted walls, cur
tains, pictures and plaques of artistic
worth placed therein, thus opening up
a work of practical worth in cultivat
ing in children the sense of artistic
values. This work is in practical oper
ation in New York, Boston, Detroit and
other progressive cities, therefore is the
California Club, and Mrs. Orr in par
ticular, to be congratulated for lifting
San Francisco into the vanguard of
progression. Between the hours of 2
and 5 o'clock to-day the public is in
vited to visit the school, when the Cali
fornia Club will receive,, assisted by
Mr. Faulkner, principal of the school;
Mr." Langdon, Superintendent of
Schools., and members of the Board of
Education.
To-night the Entre Nous Club will
give its last cotillon of the season in
the ballroom at the Palace Hotel. A
delightful dance is anticipated, and It
Is whispered abroad that many stun
ning toilettes will be worn.
On the return of the happy pair from
their post-nuptial trip a reception will
be given at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
Wayte in honor of the young folks. The
future home of Mr. and Mrs. Whitmore
will, of course, be in Oxnard, v where are
Mr. Whitmore's interests.
A large number of invitations were
issued to the church, but only relatives
and close friends were bidden to the
reception at the home of the bride, at
2529 Van Ness avenue.
Mr. Whitmore is a clever newspaper
man, conducting the paper at Oxnard.
He is well known on the Stanford
campus, from which university he took
his degree.
St. Luke's Church was the scene last
night of an exceptionally pretty wed
ding ceremony, when Miss May Eliza
beth Wayte, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Walter John Wayte, became the bride
of Charles Abbott Whitmore of Oxnard.
The bride, a chic little maid with nut
brown hair, looked charming in her
wedding robe of white chiffon cloth,
with a voluminous veil enveloping her
petite figure. She was attended by
Mrs. Brooks as matron of honor, who
also was smartly gowned in white
cloth.
By Sally Sharp.
WITHOUT FOOD
FOR FOUR DAYS
BECOMES BRIDE
OF PROMINENT
COLLEGE MAN
BELL, TOWKR. AT MILLS COLLEGE
AND HALL, WHERE THE DEDICA
TORY EXERCISES WERE HELD.
pieces. Miss Winifred J. Morgan, lead
er; Alexander Rosborough, Milton
Swartz. "Buck" Ward. Fred O'Con
n*ll, Joe liosboroufrh, Walter Kerrick,
Frank Thompson. William Waggoner,
the Elks' quartet. Billy Hyne.s, Ken
dall Fellows and George Walker.
George Tesio, Alfred McKinno'n,
James Kean, Hardy Green and Van
Britton.
Vaudeville Show to Be Given To-
Morrmv Evening for lienclit of
St. Anthony's Parish.
OAKLAND. April 14. — A minstrel
and vaudeville show will be given Sat
urday evening at St. Anthony's Hall in
Eart Oakland for the benefit of St.
Anthony's parish. Those In eharffe of
the entertainment have procured an
excellent array of talent. More than
sixty people will take part in the two
shows, both of which are under tho
direction of Alexander and Joseph
Rofcborough.
Among those who will take part
are:
Y. M. C. A. orchestra of sixteen
SOCIETY MEN WILL
APPEAR IX MINSTRELS
He predicted greater things for the
city, and stated that he felt the united
action of the various associations would
in the future, as in the past, lead San
Francisco onward to the goal of great
er commercial supremacy than that
experienced at any time in the past.
Hon. M. J. Hynes, Public Adminis
trator, rendered several vocal selec
tions, after which Abe Ruef was called
upon to respond to the toast, "Benefits
of Organization." He made an able
address, saying that the California
Liquor Dealers' Association was or
ganized by men who expected the trade
and liquor traffic of San Francisco,
men who are willing to observe the
law. "There are those," he said, "who
would reform the world without first,
reforming themselves, who complain
against this organization, but I con
sider that the better line of citizens
understand that dealing in liquor calls
for no condemnation, but rather for
respect."
Sana Braunhart spoke for the Board
of Supervisors. The gathering . was
voted a pleasant affair by the 200
members and guests present.
The third annual banquet oU lh,e
California Liquor Dealers' AssocPUion
was held in the maple room p or the
Palace Hotel last evening. When: the
guests filed in, P. \r. Weniger took
his seat at the head of the table with
Mayor Schmitz to his left and Pres
ident Thomas H. Lindsay to his right.
After a selection from the orchestra.
Mr. Lindsay, the newly elected presi
dent of the association, responded to
the call for a toast.
He told of the efforts of the associa
tion to further good citizenship and ex
plained why liquor dealers, paying a
license of $260,000 a year, should be
treated with the same consideration as
men engaged in other lines of busi
ness. Mr. Lindsay was followed by
Frank W. Thompson, \\ho entertained
the assembled guests for fifteen min
utes with comic selections.
"The Lost Chord" deserved and re
ceived abundant applause. Chairman
Weniger then introduced . Mayor
Schmitz, who spoke of the efforts of
associations to further the interests of
San Francisco, and dwelt In particu
lar upon the work of the liquor deal
ers to build up the city. Mayor Schmitz
stated that he believed that the liquor
dealers of the city and county of San
Francisco were a body of men who had
the interests of the people at heart
and that their efforts were directed to
ward the advance of business enter
prise.
DIFFERING ACCOUNTS.
Petropavlovsk Disaster.
British War Writers Give Versions of
LONDON, April 15.— A news agency
dispatch from Port Arthur by way of
St. Petersburg says that after a fierce
fight between torpedo-boats on the
night of April 12 the squadron went out
in the morning to the roads and took
up combat with fourteen large Jap
anese vessels. At 10:20 o'clock in the
morning, as the result of an explosion,
the battleship Petropavlovsk sank with
her crew. The dispatch then gives a
partial list of those saved from the
vessel. \
The battleship Pobieda, to which
Rear Admiral Prince Ouktomsky had
transferred hia flag, the dispatch con
tinues, Is damaged on the water. line.
The enemy, the correspondent con
cludes, attempted to escape an open
fight, remaining at a distance of forty
five cable lengths. The Russian squad
ron ran back into the harbor under
command of Prince Ouktomsky
The Daily Mail's Chefu correspondent
declares that advices from both Rus
sian and Japanese sources indicate that
the battleship Petropavlovsk was tor
pedoed. By a pretense of an attack
on the harbor by the enemy Admiral
Makaroff, says the correspondent, was
enticed outside for the Japanese tor
pedo-boats, which crept behind him and
awaited his return and dealt blows as
he was nearing the harbor on the re
turn.
A special dispatch says it Is rumored
in Brussels that several Belgian and
French bankers have been summoned
to St. Petersburg to confer with th©
Ministry of Finance with regard to ar
ranging a new loan.
Renaissance Club Entertains.
The Renaissance Club gave its first
entertainment last night at Native
So , n ?' H , alL The Programme opened
with selections by Orpfceua orchestra
Elks quartet, William ,A. Butterfleld.
L. A. Larsen and Mrs. M. E. B. Robin
son. W. M. Ogllvle acted as staga
manager. Dancing closed the even-
Ings festivities. A large crowd was in
attendance, which thoroughly entered
into^he spirit of the occasion.
Has Ills Clothes Stolen.
Sam Snapper, who works at the
Novelty Theater, reported to the po
lice last night that some one had en
tered his room, 359 O'Farrell street,
during/ his absence and stolen hi3
wearing apparel, valued at % 150.
JIunroe Defeated at Wrestling.
ST. PAUL, April 14.— Jack Munroe.
the heavyweight pugilist, was defeated
in a _wrestling bout . with Jim Mc-
Cauley of St. Paul. to-night. McCauley
won the first fall In 1-11% seconds-
Munroe took the second fall in: 17
minutes, and the local man took the
deciding fall in 8 minutes.
President. Nominates Hunt.
WASHINGTON, April 1 4.— The
President to-day sent to the Senate
the following nominations: United
States District Judge, William' M.
Hunt, District of Montana; register of
land office. Albert D. Chamberlain
Douglas, Wyoi ; •.,
Members of San Francisco
Association Gather in the
Palace Hotel Maple ftooni
POMONA, April 14.— Dr. Ephriam
Parsons, one of the best known men in
Pomona Valley and formerly a famous
horticultural authority in California,
died here to-day at the age of 79 years.
He had been ill for weeks and his
death was not unexpected.
Dr. Parsons was the pioneer, grower
of navel oranges as an industry. His
navel orange grove, planted In 1878,
was pictured and quoted all over Eu
rope and America -for, a dozen years.
He was a wealthy S man twenty years
ago; and gave thousands of dollars to
the spiritualistic faith for years. The
death of his wife and daughter chang
ed him, and he lost all his property by
unwise investments. For ten years he
lived in poverty, and had been pension
ed by his friends.
Half a century ago Dr. Parsons Was
a close frigid of Abraham Lincoln.
Parsons was reared near Springfield,
111., and Lincoln was a frequent visitor
at Parsons' father's house. For nearly
a year Dr. Parsons ¦ read law in the of
fice of Lincoln & Herdon In Spring
field: He subsequently quit law for
medicine. When he became President
Lincoln made Dr. Parsons head of the
Federal hospital at Columbus, .Ohio,
and sent him to Inquire into certain
arniy hospital administrations in
France and Germany.
Special Dispatch to The. Call,
LIQUOR DEALERS
HOLD BANQUET
AGED FRIEND
OF DNCOLN p
PASSES AWAY
- Among those who secured boxes at
the sale were ex-Mayor James D.
Phelan, Mrs. A. N. Towne, Governor
George C.Pardee. Mrs. W. G. Irwin,
Mrs. Francis Carolan, Henry T. Scott,
D. Hewitt, Mrs. Isaac Hecht. Charles
J. Heggerty, Mrs. Joseph S. Toblrt
Dr. Vowinckel, Shafter Howard and
Mrs. Walter Martin. Several hundred
seats in the orchestra were also bid
in for a premium.
There was quite an audience at the
Alhambra Theater last evening:, where
the auction was held of the boxes for
the forthcoming: production of "Hia
Royal Nibs," which is to be given for
the benefit of the California Women's
Hospital on Thursday and Fri
day nights. A large' number of so
ciety people were present, and Wil
liam, Greer Harrison, who acted as
auctioneer, soon had the audience ac
tively bidding for the choice of loca
tion*. . The. premiums realized aggre
gated more than a thousand dollars.
During the several Intermissions that
were declared, instrumental and vocal
numbers were rendered arid altogether
the evening was Very pleasantly spent
and the novelty of the affair was thor
oughly Enjoyed.
Morp Thnn a Thousand Dollars Taken
in nt the Alhambrn- Theater
Last Evening.
SEATS FOR BENEFIT SHOW
. AHE SOLD AT AUCTION
Dr. Lymao Abbott, editor of The Outlook,
and E. T. Karle. lecturer for 1904 for the
Pacific Theological Seminary, will occupy the
hour at ¦ the university meeting to-morrow
morning In HarmcSn gymnasium. It was at
first lnten«ied that Alvord W. Cooley. on# of
the two members of the United States Civil
Service Commission, should speak also, but
tliis plan was abandoned because Mr. Coolly
is engaged to address the ntuttents In the
afternoon in the observatory building. Mr.
Cooley will talk upon "Clrll Service Retorni."
Th* College of Commerce Club was ad
dressed by W. W. Bristol this evening in
North Hal! on "The Commercial Resources of
the Hawaiian Islands."
The signatures of forty students hare b»rn
secured to • the agreement to go on the trip
to the Lick Observatory. The party will
leave to-morrow morning at «:-"W> o'clock ami
arrive at the observatory In the afternoon.
It will be In charge of Profejssor A. O. L,»u»ch
ner. director of the students' observatory.
BERKELEY, April 14.— Owla* to the threat
ening weather the Prytanean fete, .which wa»
to have taken place In Co-ed Canyon this after
noon and evening for the benefit of the stu
dents' hospital fund, was pofttponed until Mon
day next. Fortunately- the workers of 'Us
society had net begun to drape the skeletons
of the booths that are to be a feature of the
fair, so that no loss will be suffered on ac
count of the little rain that fell.
Dangling an infant chijd by its heels
as she walked the tracks leading into
the West Oakland yards of the South
ern Pacific Company, . Mrs. Joseph Enf
of 828 Twenty-ninth street was taken
into custody to-day by William Clark
son, a yard policeman, and a charge of
Insanity placed against her. The moth
er was carrying the child in. one band
by its heels, its head occasionally strik
ing against the rails. The policeman
says he thinks the mother intended to
kill her child and possibly herself.
She was unable to give any account
of her wanderings or how she came
to be down on the network of tracks.'
Later her husband went to the police
station where she was being held and
he was allowed to take her home. He
is a brewery wagon driver, and stated
that about a year ago she was peculiar
for a short time and locked .up her
children in the house, and the police
had to be called in to straighten out
the trouble.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. April 14.
She Was Among Engines at
Switch Yards and Child's
Head Bumped the Kails
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
morning in Pan Francisco. He will be
tried to-morrow morning, and Pro
fessors LuPFchner and Page will be on
hand to help prosecute him.
Thf> incident occurred on the San
Joso'u ll:S0 o'clock trip from San Fran
cisco. Professors Lttecchner and Page
were attracted by a crowd on the boat.
They saw that, the centpr of attraction
-was" the Chlnere cook of H. Morse Ste
phens, professor of history at the uni
vrreity. A gang of toughs had sur
rounded him and were making his life
miserable. When the Chinese could
Ftand it no loncvr he struck at one of
the toughs. This only delighted the
tormentors the more, and by way of
retaliation they proceeded to knock
down the Mongolian.
It was then thai the professors inter
fered. Words followed thfir demand
upon the toughs to retire, and for a
while they stood in danger of being
maltreated themselves. As words were
idle the university 'men demanded that
The gang be arrested. The second of
ficer was reluctant to act at first, but
when an appeal was made to the cap
tain he changed his mind. By this time
the b»>at had landed and the toughs
were making for the train when they
were overhauled. Only one of them
was captured, howover. and he was
taken back to San Francisco.
The Chinaman's assailant gave the
name of Thomas Reagan and was ar
raigned on a charge of battery this
To save aji unoffondins Chinese cook
from being pummeled to j\ Jelly by a
crowd of toughs on the teilf steamer
JSan Jose last night two university pro
fessors took the Celestials part; The
men who had the hardihood to face
this crisis Are Professor A, O. L.eusch
ner. director of the students' observa
tory at tho University of California,
and Proft^^sor Thomas \\\ Page, in
structor in medieval history at the
eame institution. As a result of their
interference Thomas Reagan, one of
The Chinaman's tormentors, is in jail
in San Francisco and the Chinaman
himself has an unscarred hide.
, Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
214S Center Street. April J4.
• _
Appeal to Officers of Ferry
Steamer and One of Gang
< Is Landed in City Jail
INSIST UPON ARRESTS
THOUGHT TO BE INSANE
Professors A. O. Tieusc^nerj
and Thomas W. Page In- j
terfere With Tormentors
Concerning her speculating propensi
ties the detectives learned that once
Miss Heald lost $1500 during a period
of absence from home. Realizing that
this tendency might have overcome her
sister again. Mrs. Blancnard inquired
as to her relative's bank account and
found that no money had been drawn
since March 2. Among her checks was
one dated February 19. and reading,
"Pay to sister, Mrs. Blanchard, the
balance of my acco-unt." Miss Heald
had a balance of $564 in bank. She
had declared Wiat this should go to
her sister in the event anything should
happen- But Mrs. Blanchard had re
fused to accept that disposition.
So far as the police can learn, Miss
Heald departed without taking any
money with her. Moreover, the woman
left home in a light gingham dress
without overwrap.
The nature of her investments has
never been revealed to Mrs. Blanch
ard, who has been much mystified by
her sister's conduct. But this does not
tend to clear the peculiar color of ap
parent effort to shroud herself in
death's garb that has been Riven Miss
Heald's disappearance by the strange
letter sent to the anxious sister. De
tectives Quifrley and Kyte, after care
ful investigation, have satisfied them
selves that Miss Heald wrote the mes
sage which was signed "Mrs. William
Raymond," and purported to tell of
the drowning at the foot of B street
of a woman closely resembling Miss
Heald. The police have searched the
neighborhood of B street and the mud
Hats. They are positive that no per
son could have been drowned at the
locality at the time the letter indi
cates, as the tide was out. A gang of
section hands was working close by
the point and none of the men saw
any women thereabouts during the aft
ernoon.
Disclosures made to the police cc-n-
Dernlng past actions of Miss Lillian
Heald, who disappeared Tuesday* from
the home of her sister, Mrs- Sydney
lilanchard, 835 Thirty-seventh street,
cloud the woman's absence in much
mystery. Th:s lapse is not the first
one which has occurred during Miss
Ileald's fifteen years' residence with
her sister. Slrangrcr still. Miss Heald
invariably returned after these unex
plained absences with the story of
losses of money in speculations.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 14.
Detectives Unable to Dis
cover Trace of Woman Who
Strangely Left Her Home
MYSTERY IS THICKER
Police Find That 3Iissing
Lillian ileald Was Given
to Plunging in Finances
Mrs. Joseph Enz Taken Into
% Custody While Carrying
! Her Infant by Its Feet
El CampaniJ, as Stately Home; bf Historic Ghime Is Named, Is a
Gift From Mrs. *F. M: Smith and Is Only Structure of Its
1 Kind in America— Thousands Attend Services at Lisser Hall
FACULTY MEN
SAVE A COOK
SPECULATION
HER WEAKNESS
DIMES BABY
BY ITS HEELS
NEW BELL TOWER AT MILLS COLLE0E
DEDICATED WITH SOLEMN CEREMONY
THE SAX FRANCISCO GALL,' FRIDAY. APRIL 15; 1901.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
6
FREE—FREE > :
,*TO WANT ' ADVERTISERS
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL:
<TIIE GLOW NIGHT LAMP. -
V A SCIENTIFIC, WONDER::
V; invaluable for B&lrooms, Sick
Chambers, Hall, Nurseries,
'Bathrooms, STAIRCASES, etc.
BE SURE TO GET ONE WITH
A WANT AD IN
-NEXT . SUNDAY'S CALl£ ¦£ ;
Premium , cannot be obtained > in
-r^ any other = \ray. , . y
ADVX2TISEMENTS.
Your Nerves
Are the life, the vitality, the energy of
your body.
It is the n»n« that cause the heart to
pulsate, the lunsa to inhale the oxvepn
the brain to direct the motion or every
organ of the body, the stomach to digest
food, the livrr to secrete the bile the
kidney* to filtor the blood, and the' bow-
els to carry oil the waste.
When the nerves of the stomach be-
come weakened or exhausted. Indiges-
tion. Constipation and Inflammation re-
sult, because the stomach is Inactive
This is true of all the organs of the
body, and proves that to euro disease
you miiFt strengthen the ne.rves.
Or /Vlllo«' Neri/lnc
Is the ftr«».at «pecific for the nerves and
in bringing them back to health never
fails to cure all cases of Nervousness
Sleeplessness, Neuralgria. Headache'
Spasms. Backache, Muscular Twitchincs'
St. Vitu*' Dance. - Epilepsy. Stomach
Llv«r and Kidney Troubles. "
"For 2 y«?ars physicians and health re-
ports failed to relieve me of a complica-
tion of stomach, liver, kidney and heart
affections. Six bojttles of Dr. Milos* Ner-
vine cured me." — G. W. ARCHBOLD
Grocer, Decatur, Ind,.
If first bottle fails to benefit, moo ty
¦KICK 'p*
BRANCH OFFICES,
OF THE CALL '-IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
~; ; : OAKLAND.
1 118 Broadway.
Telephone Slain 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North "7.
ALA3IEDA.
Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4592.The Supervisors'; Fire' 'Committee
yesterday" reported in ; favor of grant
ing boiler; permits to "WV- A; Fincki on
Twenty-second avenue, •.¦¦;, near Lake
street, and ; to::W. *3. McDowell 'on
Seventh avenue, .near, , Point ; Lobos.
The Point- I^obos • Improvement » Club
withdrew its objection to the grant
ing of-the permits. -\ ¦•*' ¦
Favors ; Granting of Permits.
Mrsi Mary Price, sister ; of the : . late
Henry. iTee*! Dwyer,' \ yesterday applied
to theiSuperior Court for 'a revocation
of 'the Metters of .'administration upon
the estate 'of Dwyer ..' granted , to Louise
Bigler, ; sisteri of .. Nellie * Dwyer,*^ widow
of ; the S deceased.?.; She '.'says that ; it is
the intention r of ; the administratrix to
convert .Dwyer's ; $2500 -estate.' to her
own 'use and; benefit.. »; \ •
Wants ; Sister-in-Ijaw : Removed.
It is to be found on every dining car, steam
ship table and trans-Atlantic liner In service.
This Is an indisputable argument as to its
popular favor. \ ¦ ¦ -
heretofore incompetently outlined and
a necessity existed for an earnest cru
sade against adulterated food " of all
classes. aBBglfilaBfeMHW>
It is claimed, and in the opinion of experts,
Jut.t!y, that Lea and Perrin's Sauce aids diges
tion and helps the hearty diner to assimilate
his meal. ¦ ¦ ." • :. .
The vast demand for this condiment, has led
other makers to place Inferior articles on 'the
market, labeled "Worcestershire Sauce." Many
of these sauces have been found prejudicial to
the health'Of the consumer. -. ¦ > ,
In many Instances Imitations of a food
product have injured the sale of j the genuine
article. A notable exception is that of Lea and
Perrin's original Worcestershire Sauce. Those
who have ever used the genuine cannot be
minted by any of the many imitations on the
market. I>a and Perrin's Worcestershire has
bw» In demand at every high-class hotel an. 1
restaurant in Europe and America for more
than elxty years. ,. ,
A Famous Sauce.
"The .¦-'..board ' ; ordered .grades- to be
changed on Greenwich street, between
Hyde and Larkin. "
The Board of ."Works yesterday ap
pointed J. . J. Sweeney to be Inspector
of Street and '', Sewer Work in the Bu
reat» of Engineering at a salary of $4
per - day/; when \ employed.'
, . The board rescinded its resolution or
dering change of grades • on J, street,
Fifth and Sixth avenues. . :
Appoints Street Inspector.
Gas Inspector Tupper figures that
5348,147 for lighting requirements will
be needed during the fiscal year 1904
1905. Of this amount $276,132 Is for
present street lights, $18,616 for new
lights, S4£,000 for public buildings
$5400 for electricity for power pur
poses and $3970 for office expenses.
Lighting Requirements.
CALL subscriber* contemplating 1 a
cnanre of residence durlntr tne summer
months can have their paper forwarded
by mail to their new addreis by notify
ing THE CALL Business Office. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local
acrent in all towns on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEA VIXG TOWX
FOR THE SUMMER..
Customs Collector Stratton has
placed the revenue cutter Golden Gate
at the disposal of Captain H. L. Roose
velt and wife, who tire expected to ar
rive to-day from Manila. U. S. Civil
Service Commissioner A. W. Cooley
«-ill accompany the Captain on a trip
sround the bay. Captain Roosevelt
is a cousin of the President, and Mrs.
Roosevelt is a daughter of U. S. Cir
cuit Judge W. W. Morrow.
Honors for Captain Roosevelt.
I find nothlnsr In the charter which would
prevent . the ; Board of Park Commissioners
from grantlne the request, but, on the con
trary, find that under section 6 of .article
14 of the charter. It has the power to permit
the use of portions of parks or squares for
the purpose of conducting fairs | or expositions
when | the : same • would not Interfere with the
use by the public: such permission being grant
ed, such fairs > or expositions must - be of na
tional. State or municipal . importance. I take
It- that the coming i conclave _ of the Knights
Templar is one oft "municipal," if not of
national importance.
• It appearing that the illuminations of Union
Square would not interfere with its enjoy
ment -by the public, but, on the contrary,
would heighten such enjoyment, 'and it also
appearing that ; the Board of -Park Commis
sioners would have " the absolute supervision
and control of such power - and illumination.
I am satisfied that it would; be, permissible to
grant the • u«e of Union Square Park for ¦ tho
purpose suggested.",: '¦ , : ,
City Attorney Long advised the
Mayor yesterday that the Park Com
missioners have power under the
charter to grant the use of Union
Square Park for the purpose of a pub
lic illumination during the Knights
Templar Conclave. . The plans and the
general scheme of illumination' are to
be approved and installed under ,the
supervision and to the entire satis
faction of the Park Commissioners.
The opinion continues: ...
City Attorney Lons Says Commission
.. ers Have Power to Grant Privi
lege During: Conclave.
MAY PERMIT UNION". SQUARE .'
PARK TO. BE ILLUMINATED
The annual meeting of the stock
holders of the South Pacific Coast Rail
%vay Company resulted in the election
of the following officers and directors:
E. H. Harriman, president; William
F. Herrin,: vice president; N. T. Smith,
treasurer; J. L. Willcutt, secretary; H.
E. Huntington, Peter F. Dunne and
Foshay Walker. Dunne and Walker
succeed Directors Kruttschnitt and
Stubbs.
The election of. officers and directors
of the Carson and Colorado Railway
Company resulted as follows:, E. T&.
Harriman, president; J. Kruttschnitt,
vice president; N. T. Smith,' treasurer;
J. L. Willcutt, secretary; R. J. Laws,
H. E. • Huntington, #William F. Herrin,
William Hood, James Agler.
The Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany, which controls the lines in New
Mexico, Arizona and California, -and
in turn is controlled I by the Southern
Pacific Company of Kentucky, elected
the following officers and directors:* E.
H. Harriman. president; : J. Krutt
schnitt, vice president;. N. T." Smith,
treasurer; J. L. Willcutt, secretary;
William F. Herrin. I. W." Hellman,
Homer S. King, E. O. McCormick,
James K. Wilson, J. S. Slauson, . Wilt
Ham Sproule. 1 A. K.:Van Deventer was
appointed assistant treasurer and Al
exander Millar •: assistant, secretary,
both with headquarters in New York
City. . , .;-.¦ .»¦ ' {'¦¦:¦¦ . ¦ - : : /
The holding . company of . all > these
concerns, the Southern Pacific I Com
pany . of Kentucky, \ had a meeting In
.Kentucky, on April 6 ¦ and re-elected • its
old board o£; directors, who: will: later
select new executive' officers, with I E.
H. Harriman at their head.
A number of the railroads controlled
by the Southern Pacific Company of
Kentucky held their annual meetings
in this city yesterday and reorganized
for the year. The Central Pacific Rail
road Company, which is rapidly wind
ing up its affairs, elected the follow
ing officers and directors: 'William F.
Herrin, president; N. T. Smith, vice
president and treasurer; J. L. Willcott,
secretary; Julius Kruttschnitt, J. M.
Hanford, T. H. Goodman and W. A.
Worthlngton.
The Central Pacific Railway Com
pany of Salt Lake, which has assumed
control of the Central Pacific Railroad
Company, re-elected a new board of
directors in Salt Lake City and will,
it is expected, re-elect its old board of
officers. These are as follows: Direct
ors—E. H. Harriman, H. E. Hunting
ton, Thomas Marshall,* David B. Hemp
stead, Jonathan C. Royle, David i R.
Gray, W. R. Scott, Thomas Fitzgerald,
F. J. Kiesel: officers— E. H. Harriman,
president; J. Kruttschnitt, vice presi
dent; C. C. Tegethoff, second vice pres
ident; N. T. Smith, treasurer; A. K.
Van Deventer, assistant treasurer; J.
L. Willcutt, secretary; David R. Gray,
assistant secretary; 'Alex Millar, as
sistant secretary.
Drs. Barkan, Somers and RIgdon
were added to the staff of the City
Hospital. '
The Food Committee reported that
the work of food inspection had been
Health Officer Ragan filed, a report
to the effect that the complaint relat
ing to the conduct of foundling asy
lums and maternity homes does not
apply to the regularly incorporated
institutions, but does apply to a large
number of private homes for the care
of children. Ragan says he will- re
quire such homes > to obtain permits
under an existing ordinance regulat
ing them. Drs. Harvey and Hughes
'¦were appointed a committee to act
with Ragan and M. J. White in in
specting the institutions, with a view
to decreasing infant mortality.
The board receiv«d a resolution that
it is the sense of the State Board of
Health and United States Marine Hos
pital Service that the monthly health
bulletin be published. Drs. Poheim
and Stinson were -appointed a com
mittee to investigate the feasibility of
resuming ' publication of the bulletin.
The board adopted rules and regu
lations for the care of dairies, cows,
milk, milkers, and they were for
warded to the Supervisors to be em
bodied in an. ordinance for the better
protection of the milk supply. Action
was taken on the reports of inspectors
that many of the dairies are in an un
sanitary condition and should be re
quired to have a properly constructed
milkshed. cement floors and gutters.
The regulation will be made to apply
to dairies outside the city by quaran
tining milk that comes from dairies
not coming up to the reuqirements in
our local dairies.
The board reiterated its recommen
dation that the standard of butter fat
in milk be placed at 3.5 per cent and
that the limitation of bacteria in milk
be fixed at 30,000 to the one cubic
centimeter.
The board condemned as unsanitary
the cellars under the premises at
1000 to 1032 Dupont street, 643 to 647
Pacific street, 3, 6, 9 and 19 Bartlett
alley, and the cellars and areas of 14
to 32 Bartlett alley.
The board adopted a resolution that
pupils in public schools having suf
fered from communicable diseases be
excluded from attending school as
follows: Diphtheria, 4 weeks; scarlet
fever. 8 weeks; German measles, 2
weeks; chicken pox. mumps or meas
les, 3 weeks; whooping cough, 2
weeks.
The board by resolution urged the
Board of Supervisors to pass an ordi
nance compelling the telephone com
pany to place a sanitary appliance on
telephones in all public places. The
bacteriological report through ex
amination of the mouthpieces in sev
eral of the public telephone stations
show the presence of diphtheretic and
other germs.
The list of volunteer school Inspect
ing physicians was approved and cre
dentials were issued to the appointees.
Drs. Hughes and Harvey were ap
pointed a committee to prepare rules
and regulations for the volunteer phy
sicians engaged in medical examina
tions at the schools.
The Health Board yesterday
adopted a resolution urging the Spring
Valley Water Company to create some
means of filtration which will elimi
nate the unsightly dirt in the water
supply of this city. The city bac
teriologist reported that while there
are no typhoid germs in the water,
the presence of dirt therein encour
ages the belief that the water is im
pure and is a source of annoyance to
the public.
.Aikyo is npw a prominent merchant
in Tokio. Japan, and is here on his way
to the St. Louis Exposition as a com
missioner. He is living at 806 Stockton
street, and was brought from 'there to
the City Prison by Detective Wren
yesterday. He at once identified Ken
nedy and will give his testimony at the
The missing witness wanted by the
police to make out a case against Wil
liam B. Kennedy alias Richard Jack
son alias "Yellow," for the murder of
Policeman 4 Eugene C. Robinson at Six
teenth and Valencia streets on the
morning of January 21, 1902, has been
found. He is George R. Aikyo. a Jap
anese, who has been absent from the
city ever since the murder and who
returned three days ago.
Shortly before the shooting of Rob
inson, Aikyo was held > up by Woods.
Kauff man, Coulter, Henderson, Ken
nedy and Goucher at Eighteenth and
Valencia streets, on their return from
attempting to break into the superin
tendent's office at Cypress Lawn Cem
etery. Henderson's testimony was that
Kennedy was the one who held up
Aikyo and fired a shot at him as he
ran- away shouting for help. Aikyo's
cries for help brought Robinson upon
the scene. ;
Annual Meetings of Stock
holders of Several Harri
man Lines Held in City
Police Find Valuable Wit
ness in George E. Aikyo,
a Merchant From Japan
Health Board Says the Pres
ence of Dirt Is a Source of
Aniiovance to the Public
KENNEDY WILL
NOT GO FREE
They now claim that as soon as the
steamship Valencia, upon which they
took passage, put to sea they were
placed in steerage quarters and given
food of the vilest quality and very dif
ferent from that served the other pas
sengers. Furthermore, they say that
before they left this cit? they bought
many* provisions for their sustenance
when they arrived in the frozen coun
try, but that on the vessel's arrival
there they were not given their- prop
erty. The belongings detained included
tents and as there were no available
quarters the plaintiffs were obliged to
sleep; out of doors and some of them
incurred severe illness.
Complaints were filed yesterday by
William Arnick, James D. Roe; W. H.
Hays, D. F. McDanielJ Charles A.
Ditfle, J. H»- Henderson and J. Peters
against the Pacific Steam Whaling
Company for total damages of $2032.
The plaintiffs claim that on May 26,
1900, they bought second-class trans
portation from this* city to Nome,
Alaska, and that they were told by the
company that they would be given the
same food as the first-class passengers
and allowed comfortable berths. For
these accommodations they paid 575
each.
Bring Suit Against the Owners of the
Steamship Valencia for Alleged
Breach of Contract.
The Supervisors* Street Committee
yesterday denied the application of t,he
Independent Messenger Service for
permission to lay underground wires
in several districts. Supervisors
O'Connor and Braunhart voted in fa
vor of the denial and Rock voted
against it. The California Messenger
Service opposed the granting of the
permit on the ground that a rival
company would injure its business.
The committee took the view that ap
plication should be made for a fran
chise so that the award may be made
to the highest bidder. Several other
applications for similar permits have
been previously denied.
The petition of the Outdoor Art
League that the San Francisco Gas
Company be compelled to remove un
sightly and unused poles was filed, the
Department of Electricity having re
ported that the company had agreed
to remove the poles.
The committee granted a permit to
the relief board, Foresters of Amer
ica, to conduct a street fair on
Eleventh street, near Market, from
June 4 to June 12 and to illuminate
Market street, from Sixth to Twelfth,
with electric lights.
The committee recommended that
Lynch street be expunged from the
official map; that street work be done
on Central avenue, between Haight
and Page streets; on Haight street,
between Central and Masonic avenues;
on Duboce avenue, between Market
and Webster streets; Duboce avenue,
between Market and Church streets;
Bryant street, between Nineteenth
and Twentieth; De Haro street, be
tween Twenty-third and Twenty
fourth; Frederick street, between Ma
sonic and De Long avenues; Forty
ninth avenue, between I and J streets.
The committee also recommended
that Dupont street, from Montgomery
avenue to Vallejo street, be paved
with bitumen at a cost of $10,475.
The recommendation of the Board
of Works that the petition of the
Santa Fe Railroad for a franchise on
Sixteenth street 'be not granted until
that street is widened was deferred
two weeks.
Supervisors* Street Committee Rules
That Application for Franchise
Must Be Made.
!Sui>rriiitend**nt I^an^don Advises Re
turn of Accurate and Complete
Reports on School Children.
A meeting of the deputy census
marshals was held last night to re
ceive instructions as to their duties
Irom Superintendent of Schools Lang
don. who issued the following state
ment relative to the taking of the cen-
Mis of school children:
As the apportionment cf State moneys
for the *cbool districts of California Ui de
l»?nd«.'nt upon th*- cenm» reports of the various
« ounties. It 1r important that an accurate and
complete censaa r»t>ort be prex;ared for the
fuidanc* of the Superintendent of Public ln
ururtlon. As Han Francisco receives about $'J
for each census child In this district it be
hooves the Census Marshal to record every
« hiid b^twofen t>e are of 5 and 17 years in
San Kranciyco. '\Ve want only the children
:<¦> which »«* are entitled, but we do not want
la rtrit any «>uch through cartle^rnrs* or
>;•*'. ipence of the census takers. The other
natiitlcs oaMed for In the census blabk must
be obtained ac accurately and completely as
j/OMiible.
Every censu* marshal i« required to give
Y.\r full time to this work. He fhall report
promptly et the office of the chief census
marshal each mornine at £:3A, and in the
eftrmocn lirtween 4:20 and & o'clock he shall
balance hu- book* end have came arprovd by
the chief census marshal or his deputy o"fore
Jeavtnr the office. Not more than one hour
trhcJI be taken at noon.
Every marshal mun be polite, t>atient and
r*rseverin*. and und*r no circumstance* rhall
any one encwirur etidence of tntoxlcaton be
retained ac a otrn^ue marshal. Under the law.
while the census marshals are at>r>ointed by
th»- Board of Education, they may l»e dis
missed by the Superintendent of Schools, and
the chief census marshal Is hereby authorized
and directed to dismiss Bumxnart'y any or all
marshal* who fail to perform properly and
efficiently the duties required.
The «<er«>onnel of the present force of mar
ehals. I am informed and believe, is ruch,
however, that we need anticipate no cora
:•¦:••>•. but may feoi assured that every man
will do his duty faithfully and well.
OLD DIRECTORS
M RE-ELECTED
DELIVERS INSTRUCTIONS
TO CENSUS MARSHALS
WATER MUST
BE FILTERED
DENIES PETITION OF
NEW MESSENGER SERVICE
PASSENGERS CLAIM THEY
WERE BADLY TREATED
MAYOR WILIi AGAIX VETO
ROCK CRUSHING BILLS
Sec.s No Reason to Recede From His
Former Disapproval of Ordinances
Extending Prohibitory Limits.
Mayor Schmitz will to-day again
send messages to the Board of Super
visors vetoing the two ordinances ex
tending the limits within which it is
prohibited to crush or quarry rock. The
Mayor stated yesterday that he saw
no reason to change his former opinion
that the ordinances were intended to
harass and persecute Gray Brothers,
who had established a quarry on Thir
tieth street, near Castro.
The Mayor believes that his vetoes
will be sustained' by the votes of the
five Supervisors who stood by him in
the former vetoes.. As it requires four
teen votes to override the Mayor's veto
fhere will be but thirteen Supervisors
to . vote that the ordinances become
laws notwithstanding the vetoes.
Wants June Boxlns Permit.
The Pacific Athletic Club, by James
Xeil president, petitioned the Super
visors yesterday for a permit to con
duct a professional boxing contest at
Woodward's Pavilion in Jure.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIJ,; FRIDAY, ¦.¦¦ "APRIL 15, 1904.
preliminary hearing before Police
Judge Fritz on Monday.
Kennedy was convicted of murder
in the second degree, but was granted
a new trial on appeal to the Supreme
Court, which held that he could not
be convicted on the uncorroborated tes
timony of an accomplice. As the Dis
trict Attorney had no further evidence
to offer Kennedy was discharged by
Judge Cook on April 2. Since then he
has been released three times on writs
of habeas corpu3, and rearrested each
time.
;'. Stationery.' Clerk Finn f figures that
during' the fiscal iyear[1904-1905 the sum'
,; $38,510 '£ be ;* needed /to V pay X for
stationery,\prlnting,' books, ¦ stamps,'; re
bindlngsbooks,Jand ; typewriters;for the
iZ;Ot city departments. ' \ * ' '¦
City -Uses, Much' Stationery.
Prescribes amllk diet,'; for its easy diges
tibility ' it . will^ be Cwell s to • use Pioneer
Brand-; Evaporated Cream to get; airlch;
deliciougly. flavored * milk f ood, i perfectly
sterilized, according, '" to "*•' latest . sanitary
methods. For 'general household^ uses.'
Prepared by .Borden's >" Condensed ¦:• Milk
Co. - ¦ :..:¦ ¦ .:¦¦.•¦'/¦ ¦¦-::¦:¦ ,--¦ ¦¦<%?.•*?.
If Your Physician
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AUCTION
OF
PI j\ M I 1
r EDWARD 3. SPEAR ®> GO.
AUCTIONEERS,
> Hkve purchased 79 pianos from ¦ the surpliw wholesale . stock of Koh-
ler & Chase, which they could not accommodate in their new ware-
houses. They have also secured the remainder of the lease, expiring
on.the 30th of this month, on the premises at 28-30 O'Farrell street,
where the pianos are now on exhibition.
These instruments include Fischer, Steinway, Weber, Steck,
Chickering, Bachman, Hoffman, Kimball and numerous other makes.
Also about 20 square' pianos and v organs. ',
..-SPECIAL NOTICE: The pianos will be auctioned at the cash
prices and arrangements have "> been madeso that easy payments can
. be arranged for those who cannot pay. cash.
The auction will take * place at 28-30 ] O'FARRELL STREET.
MONDAY, ApriH8th,
- ' and.. r ' ¦ • BAYS
TUESDAY^ AprU 19th. only.
\ Commencing each .day at- x"i o'clock a.,m. .Catalogues now; ready.
EDWARD S. SPEAR ®> GO.
V-V-V^V AUCTIONEERS,; -
28-30 O'FARREEL JSTREET.
ADVEfiTISEMZNTa.
I This Cap Label |
s a guarantee of the purity B
and richness of our f \
Pet I
Brand i
Evaporated!
Gream m
We offer fil
I . $5,000 reward J|f
I to anyone able to prove flf
¦ adulteration js|l
J of our product **!&m
. - ADVERTISEMENTS. ' t' ,' ' • -. '
|s \ ! f// Every one of these patients in the hospital beds had plenty of warning in that bearing-down feeling, pain at the left or fm
\i f WS^// // right of the womb, nervous exhaustion, pain in the small of the back. All of these things are indications of an unhealthy /Jl
v 1 \ Ivw If I What a terrifying thought ! These poor souls are lying there on those hospital beds awaiting a fearful operation. .*.. //IH
U "^^^™tt\ V v/jyll § Do not drag along at home or in your place of employment until you are obliged to go to the hospital and submit to an d/liim
I^^^^^^^S \ y&/J $ examination and possible operation. Build up the female system, cure the derangements which have signified themselves by fj vim?
IlillilliHl^ \ VV f danger signals, and remember that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has saved thousands of women from the hospital. /j!jwSi&
¥^^^^y^^^^ > V\Sr' / Read the letters here published with the full consent of the writers, and see how they escaped the knife by a faithful reliance ]lmm$BL
f Lydia E. Pinkhanfs Vegetable Compound mill
If y?(ra»4\ lllwlL%x\/ 1 ff W/§JL^r/^ 1 j \ \ « I was taken sick very suddenly July 13th \nth severe cramps, or pains. «i suflFered with female trouble for over eight years, had womb trouble jL jl\ W BmVB
HI Jwifiaiil I'l^JI&tm/iu illlnltl ililntmfllm^C^iiF^J I summoned a doctor and was in bed a week lying on my back all the time, and painful menstruation. Have been under the care of doctors who said %*& 111 II M
raR/mS/IdP^lff HHtlil iWvfJuVWl "^ 1 The painS le^ fc me V - ery re " In a f?W ™ eeks r was feeling better but was I would have to submit to an operation before I could be cured. I suffered f?I J////BBB
» il/l/i'i said I had neuralgia pains of the stomach and ovaries. He injected mor- "One day I picked up a paper and noticed your advertisement and a J Wiiill II aBmSk
IS 11111? / KSftliflKBl umEiHrJH lr It J ' « P hine and e£Lse<i me a S ain > bufc I remained sore and weak from the pains and testimonial from a friend I knew, stating your medicine had cured her so I ! i«///fl HB
&Uvll4p^iRinilt!$(llHfrJU i~** continued to flow for one month and three days without stopping for thought I would try it. I told my husband I would give up all doctors and A fgl EBBm
i^»ili swU «H^liafrft\iHi I) "The doctors wanted to scrape the womb, saying the lining was inflamed, cannot say enough on its praise. Menstruation comes freely now without fffui WiWlmL
rSlflil l^Jf^Iilll iflHci III Am only twentY years old, never was sick until this sickness in July. "Lydia E. Pinkhaxn's Vegetable Compound has brought health, joy B m\ [|| B|,
RrUllII i^r'/flBllwlllilliF Hill '// Menses never lasted more than four days and never an ache or a pain. an d happiness to me. My advice to all suffering women is to try your • F //jfjl fjy/fll BE:
m ' "I began the use of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and Vegetable Compound." — Mrs. Fred McNaughton, Box 401, Breckenridge, I «//¦ ffj/J| iw t
§Sp^&5f€5;ii5?'s r^^t^f*^^^^^^S&' "I feel very grateful to you and can recommend your medicine to all suf- xRlliiil eiRnataresol above testimonial, which wuiprovetheirabsoiate gen- _sg-.. i iii \\ Imwmfj mrH
fering women." — Lucille A. Gaines, 2348 Pine St, St. Louis, Mo. . | uinenesi. Lydia e. pinkham Medicine Co.. Lynn, Mw . | Eg¦ ; Special! Information supplied dally I to I
business houses and public men by the %
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cal- t
.forma street. Telephone Mala lOil^-***^
If Parker's" platform conforms to Parker's political
record; it will consist of one plank and that one' will meari
nothing. . -
.Townsend's California Glace fruits and
choice ] candies/ in -artistic fire-etched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends.
715. Market street, above Call building •
The First Torpedoes.
Torpedoes for the destruction of ves
sels were first used- in the spring of
1861 by the Confederates In the James
River. In 1S65 the Secretary of the
Navy reported that more ships had
been lost by torpedoing than from all
other causes. ! General <¦ Rains, chief /of
the Confederate torpedo, service, put
the number at fifty-eight, a greater
number than has been destroyed in all
the wars -'"- Tfgf IBIHI I Ulllll IJIBnlllf
. It is reported that Korea has been flooded-with coun
terfeit money since , the advent of *the Japanese army:
That,^^ unfortunate country is surely .the^ paradise'^^f "the
confidence operator, whether he. be a diplomat or a
bunko steerer. .
IN THE BALLROOM— Cotillon, Ne
vada City, Cal. When a gentleman
escorts a lady to a ball. it Is his duty,
if he Is a dancer, to dance the first
dance with her and see that she is
provided with partners when she de
sires -; such. . If unable to secure any
for her he, should introduce her to the
floor manager or his assistants. He
should not dance with her frequently.
If the escort, after the first dance with
the lady he \ brought to the ball, en
gages to dance with another lady It is
the law of etiquette that he shall dance
with her. If in the meantime he has
not been able " to * secure . a partner for.
the lady he brought, that, would not
be an excuse to break off with the
lady he is to dance with.^ It may , be
unfortunate for J the lady, he brought
to the ball, but he cannot afford to be
so rude. as to break off with the lady,
who is expecting him and sit with the
one who could not* secure" a partner or
elsejJance with her. He must express
his regrets . and make -"an ' effort : to ob
tain* a partner- for; her ror succeeding
dances.- .. .
THE Russian loss at Port Arthur is' bad enough had
it been an incident of actual battle.- But-to the loss
is added the tragedy of accident. Makaroff was a
great naval commander in his knowledge of tactics' and
strategy, though Russia's lack, of experience in naval
warfare had left his powers untested. He was his coun
try's mainstay on the water and his death is equal to the
loss of a fleet.
The sad incident brings the Russian system into con
trast with ours. When the Spatjish war came Dewey,
Schley, Samson and Phillip were captains. Yet, when
fleets had to be fought, they were found entirely capable
of assuming any responsibility. If we were to have war
to-morrow our navy>«s full of men of subordinate rank
who can be depended onto fight any fleet in the world
The incidents attending the Makaroff tragedy are riot
reassuring to the friends of Russia. Ever since the \var
began there has been manifest an indisposition to try
conclusions dn equal terms with the Japanese navy and
a decided avoidance of risking battle against any odds at
all. Russia seems to flinch and wait until 1 she can get
her Baltic fleet into action and have a decided preponder
ance in fighting power. Makaroff had left the harbor to
fight. A Grand Duke was on the bridge and 'the ship'
carried more of the hope and pride of Russia than any hv
the fleet. But when the" admiral countedtHe ships of the
enemy and without offering battle started to steam back
to shelter then his 'ship was hoist fby^his ; own J mine and
he and hundreds of his 1 . trained crew," found in''her- a coffin^
THE NAVAL TRAGEDY.
We must recognize at the outset that Japan is a poor
country, like nearly all Oriental lands, though not quite
so poor as British India. With a population -equal r to
that of , Germany, Japan has less than a fourth of Ger
many's revenue; or to take her ; ally, . England, as a
basis of comparison, Japan, with a population half as
great again as England, has less than a fifth of the rev
enue of England. We may make the view even clearer
in this way:- The revenue of France is about twenty dol
lars per head; that" of Japan is about three dollars per.
head. The imports of England are about* sixty, dollars
per head; those- of the Netherlands, drawn from an im
mense East-Indian empire, . about a , -, hundred and fifty
dollars.a head; while those of Japan are only three dol
lars per head, about one-fiftieth the imports of Holland.
Japan is densely populated. Nearly t forty millions of
her population are settled at from 400— to "475 to the
square mile, nearly thirty millions approaching the latter
figure ; in density. This population is largely agricultural;
the average farm, being about two acres r.iri; extent and
haying rather the character of a garden tilled wholly by
hand.laboVthan.jof a farm in our. sense. This prevalence
ofvhand labor- accounts for the > extreme;! difficulty;; in
finding; horses for the .Japanese cavalry; the country
people' have no horses, ; they are too poor to own
them and have rio room r oh their, diminutive farms to" use
thern.^ Another, comparison: U Japan v has : only ~ eight
towns of a hundred thousand inhabitants and "over, as
against thirty-three for^Germ'ariy,; with .about the same' to
tal population; Only two of these towns, Tokioarid Osaka^
have "over; four" tho tisand Inhabitants.— Harper's
BLOOD PURIFIER— E. S., "Coun
try," Cal. : There are a dozen different
ways of preparing sarsaparilla root as
a blood purifier, but unless you are
versed in" the preparation of the
same, you will find It less troublesome,
less costly and more expeditious to
purchase the prepared preparation;
Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: Dur
ing tha^last ten years my residence
in the* close vicinity of one of the larg
est branches of, the National Home , for
Disabled Volunteer Soldiers has made
apparent a sad phase of ; national for
getfulness, evidencing a weak link In
the golden chain binding. our. great na
tion , to the memories of its aged de
fenders.
The old soldier seeking refuge within
the gateway of a soldiers' horn* sees
inscribed above the portal," "Welcome,
comrade." The blazonry is true and
genuine! The veteran. is met with hos
pitable hand. He Is "told that food,
shelter and raiment await him within,
and his heart swells with : gratitude as
he enters. Sometimes he .asks, ""Will
my . old wife , be - with ' me ?" - And ; then
the commander of the home says to
him: "My. comrade, I am sorry for
you. The . word ". 'wife* does not occur
in the army regulations; - there ; is no
place for ; such a ". thing here.". The old
veteran is . suddenly 'confronted 'with
an awful dilemma. Two powerful
forces are racking him— love ', and hun
ger-^-arid,. alas ! ¦ too often . the latter
triumphs. - The companionship of forty
or fifty years Is ended; the ways of part
ing have
|;There'-;are many old. women, good,
pure .wives, enfeebled by the encroach-'
ing ills of advancing age, absolutely suf
fering 'for the necessaries of life, while
their , old husbands fare ;. living ; in ¦ com
fort ", within a home.* i Is ; the husband
tcT blame ? Outside of the home he could
riot 1 earn sufficient \ f or " the is support*- of
himself iarid .wife; , within - the'jhome he
has ;a ¦ living, and there .was • the": hopV
that perhaps some way" she could; get
Lest We Forget.
The local Health Board has been officially called upon
to stop a Golden Gate avenue rooster from crowing, and
a McAllister-street cheese in a delicatessen store from
driving away all the neighboring lodgers. Such-thought
lessness in the lower, animals should be dealt with se
verely. ; <¦ -;,
FOR WAGES DUE— E. S., "Coun
try," Cal. In case your employer owes
you money -and will not pay.' on the
ground that he has no money, sue
him, obtain judgment, keep it alive,
and it can be collected, at any time he
possesses something upon which an ex
ecution can be levied.
If every business man who suffers
from a- defaulting employe were
obliged to prove not only the em
ploye's crime, but the absence of sub
stantial business carelessness on his
own part which" afforded both the op
portunity and the temptation for the
offense, how few convictions of these
defaulters there would be. • • •
It is curious -that almost the only
"temptation" which receives any par
ticular attention from moralists either
in the pulpit or elsewhere is that oc
casioned by one man offering spiritu
ous beverages to another who may be
inclined to indulge in potations to ex
cess. By some odd distortion of moral
values the custom of "treating" has
been singled out as though it were the
greatest or most important of those
actions or omissions by which we
cause our neighbors or employes to of
fend. Who ever heard a sermon or
lecture on the duty of keeping reason
ably strict oversight on one^ em
ployes or on the duty of having a
business system which shall reduce the
opportunities of dishonesty to a mini
mum ? The duty of not putting on the
character of another a greater burden
than it can safely bear is as important
as any duty in the realm xif morals, and
the matter of temperance Is but one
branch of it. and by no means the
most important. An examination of
the daily criminal calendars In • the
courts of the large cities conclusively
proves this fact — George W. Alger.in
the April Atlantic.
Where the Fault Lies.
YOUNG CORBETT— Reader, Pi
nole, Cal. ' None of the published
biographies ; of. W. ..-H. Rothwell.
"Young ;Corbett," give, any account of
his parentage, but those who know
him say that he is of German descent
on his father's side.
POLL TAX— A. W.. City. The fact
that- a, resident of California Is'em
ployed on a vessel .navigating th«
water of the bay or ocean does not ex
empt him from the payment of poll
tax. .
COLLECTABLE— P. B. P., City.
The Century and other late diction
aries recognize "collectable" as cor
rect as "collectible" as meaning ca
pable of being collected.
Answers to Queries.
Tom Maguire was so heartbroken
over' his defeat and loss that he left
San Francisco. He died some years ago
in New York. -
l j Maguire did not relish Ralston's in
terference with his business and in no
choice or complimentary language
said as much in front of a host of the
patrons of the theater. . :
The news was carried to the bank
er, who became wroth and in return
he expressed himself to the effect that
he would "close Maguire's shows."
Acting on" his word he sent for Law
rence Barrett and John. McCullough,
the two great actors, who were then
playing in this city, and to them he
revealed his 1 plans to build a theater
and lease it to the company headed
by them. Without losing any time
negotiations were made (with the own
er of a nest of old shanties then, on
Bush street and in a very short time
the California Theater was' built and
used, thus closing ud the opera-house,
as Ralston had said' he would.
' An incident occurred in the history
of San Francisco which caused the
building of the old California Theater
and. the abandonment of the opera
house known as the Maguire Theater,
which was located on the north side of
Washington street, diagonally opposite
Dunbar alley, between Montgomery and
Kearny streets. *
It was in 1S69, when Parepa Rosa
was singing in the opera-house, and
on one of her nights off she accepted
an Invitation from W. C. Ralston to
visit, his Belmont residence.
A. spaiikl^ngi six-horse _ tQa'm- with: a'
tally-ho 'rig was in readiness at the
Occidental Hotel, with Ralston on the
box, and a party of up : to-date bloods
waited on the fair prima donna when
the start was made for the world re
nowned country residence of the great
banker and princely entertainer. Pa
repa Rosa was so infatuated with the
glorious climate and high class enter
tainment accorded her that she failed
to be on time when she was billed to
sing. As an apology for her delay Ral
ston telegraphed tosMaguire to noti
fy the ticket holders of the affair and
to Inform them that an extra perform
ance would be given as a recompensjj,
also that he would make good the loss
to Maguire due to her non-appear
ance.
Ancient History.
The larger cities north of San Francisco are equally
discontented with the Census Bureau's statements. The
Portland Oregonian and the Portland Journal claim that
gross mistakes have been made. The Oregonian heads
an editorial with the caption, "Figures That Lie." The
Oregonian finds that the ratio of increase for the whole
country is applied without discrimination and ignoring
movements of population to every city, north, south, east
and west.. The Oregonian relies on the school census
to show that Portland has increased 10,000 per. annum
since the census of 1900, and says that the conclusion it
reaches by this method is corroborated by the number of
newly erected homes and also by a carefully prepared
city directory. While the Census Bureau credits Port
land with 98,655 population in 1903, the Oregonian esti
mates that 140,000 would be about the correct total. iThe
Portland Journal reasons that while the census enumera
tors allow Portland an increase of but 8299 in three years,
"during the same time, up to the beginning of the new
year,' there have been built- 3703 new homes and the
school census shows a larger number of children of
school age than in some pi the cities that are credited
with 150,000 population.".^, '•
Seattle is also aggrieved. The Post-Intelligencer at
tacks the "singularly artificial" method employed by the
Census Bureau and says that while it might be fairly
applicable to the older settled .States, it leaves out, of
account all the phenomena attending large migrations to
new "countries. Seattle, according to the Post-Intelli
gencer's careful conclusions, has gained three years
fully fouiv times asimuch in population .as the Census
Bureau reports. The bureau attributes growth of only
J27ooo since the census of 1900. Postal /statistics show
an increase of more than 300 per cent in Seattle business'
since 1897. Buildings have been erected sufficient to
house 15.000 to 20,000 each year since the census.
.'San Francisco people are confident that .this city has
at least 420,000 population, as against t.ie Qensus Bureau
estimate of 355,919. The Spring Valley Water Company
last June figured the population at ? 440,ooo on the basis
of families supplied with water. That the)population has
riot increased much faster since 1900 than it did in the
period of ten preceding years is manifestly absurd.
San Francisco is not alone a. complainant in this mat
ter. The Los Angeles Herald carefully estimates the
growth of the City of Angels since the last census. The
most recent returns of the Census Bureau give Los-An
geles an increase of only 13,941. The Herald shows that
when the census of 1900 was taken the Federal enumera
tors found 102,479 dwellers in Los Angeles and there
were then 19,607 school children, in the city. On "March
9, 1004, there were 29,479 school children in the enroll
ment, a gain of more than 10,000. Now, on the basis of
the census of 1900 and of the school enumeration of that
year the. ratio of school children to population was one
pupil to every 5J4 of -population. Supposing that ratio
not to have been practically changed, the present en
rollment of school children is assumed by the Herald to
show that Los Angeles now has a population of 142,487,
a gain of 12,502 per annum, as against the 3487 gain
credited by the Census Bureau.
H Vf UCH ¦ circumstantial evidence is adduced by the
/X/l large cities of the Pacific Coast in impeachment
¦* » V of the accuracy of the figures of the Census Bu
reau that have recently been published. There would
seem to be a large and mischievous kink in the bureau's
methods or manner of drawing conclusions concerning
population. San Francisco, being the leading city of the
coast, naturally resents the official statement, in view of
certain .easily ascertainable facts, that it added to its
population only 13,137 in three years, or 4379 per an
num from 1900 to 1903. That rate of growth does not
equal the average of the decade between 1890 and 1900.
The population now credited to San; Francisco by the
Census Bureau is but 355,919, as against 342,782 in 1900.,
KINKS IN CENSUS FIGURES.
In June, 18S4, Naval Constructor
Philip Hichborn, U. S. N., received
orders from the Navy Department to
proceed to Europe to make a tour of
the dockyards of England, France,
Germany, Italy and Russia for the
purpose of observing personally the
improvements in naval architecture,
particularly In the construction of
steel vessels for war. The trip lasted
about six months and netted much
confidential valuable information to
the department besides an elaborate
and interesting public report, of which
two", editions were issued. His obser
vations and conclusions were summar
ized and clearly set forth in language
etrongly apprehensive that, even at
that early day in tho development of
modern navies, simplicity was being
lost Bight of and that actual war alone
would demonstrate the real value of
the vessels then building. ( "Such a
war." the report concludes, -. "or one
such bat*le would prove, what ha*
long been the apprehension of intelli
gent officers, that the warship of our
day has become far too complicated
for the people who may be called upon
to" work her; and that a balanct of
advantage, unsuspected by many, rests
..ith that vessel which has compara
tive simplicity, even though it be con
comftant with a greater apparent ex
posure of life, a lower speed and re
duced powers of offense." Until now
there has been no naval war nor single
battle to establish the fighting values
of the many types or, war vessels built
during the last twenty years. The
Cnlno-Japanese war was without de
finite results in that direction, for nav
al* experts have failed to concur In the
lessons developed; the Spanish- Ameri
can war was barren in results except to
demonstrate the danger of woodwork
on ships. But the . Rueso- Japanese war
promises to give some valuable les-
Bons, the particulars of which are yet
too early to enumerate fon want of re
liable Information. It is, however, safe
to predict that many of the present
complicated contrivances will be dis
carded in future ships and that after
The cost of warships is steadily in
creasing in all navies*. Thus the battle
ships of the Royal Sovereign class 1n
the British 'navy, built in 1S91-2. cost
$335 per ton displacement, while the
King, Edward VII, now building, will
cost $445 per ton. In French battle
t-hips there is an increase from J450
in 1831 to $650 in 1303, which is the es
timated cost of the Patrie. In Russia
the advance has been from $365 to $500.
and Germany pays now $445 per ton.
against $325 twelve years ago. The cost
«»f battleships in the United States
navy has apparently decreased during
the same period, for, while the three
*--hlps of the Oregon class, averaged
SG20 a ton. the ships under construction
will not exceed $4S5 per ton. This ap
parent decrease is due chiefly to more
leasonable armor contracts and par
tially owing to the keen competition
of shipbuilders. It should be borne in
mind, however, in this connection that
while the average cost of the Oregon
class was about $6,200,000, the Louis
iana and Connecticut, although of fifty
per cent greater displacement, and
averaging $7,760,000 each, really indi
cates an advanced cost of ship for ship
to fulfill the requirements of the two
periods.
The cost of armored cruisers shows
even a greater increase. Thus the
British Australia class, built in x lS86
for about $300 a ton. has advanced lo
J110 in the Duke of Edinburgh class
now building. The Dupuy de Lome
class of 1830, at a cost of $270 per ton,
is now about $475 in the latest armored
cruiser, Renan, in the French navy.
Russia pa,id over $500 per ton for its
latest ship of that class against $335
twelve years ago, and Germany, pays
about $4S0 for its armored cruisers in
course of construction. Germany, like
the United States, v had no armored
cruisers as far back as twelve years
ago; the Brooklyn and New York, al
though classed as armored cruisers, do
not come up to present requirements,
hence the cost of these ships, which
averaged 5500 per ton, cannot fairly be
compared with the latest additions,
which will cost about $450 per ton dis
placement.
The German navy personnel for
3&04-5 provides for an increase of 21S0.
making a total of- S4.1S2. against S2.052
tor the present year and 30,017 in
11*02-3. Commissioning of two new
battleships, three cruisers and six tor-
I'cdo-boats necessitates this increase.
The British armored cruiser Donegal,
9800 tons, 22.000 horsepower and twen
ty-three knots speed, has proved a dis
appointment owing to her enormous
coal consumption. In a race, concluded
March 26, between two sections of the
cruiser squadron, from Bermuda to
Portsmouth, the Donegal was unable
to keep up with the Drake and Good
Hope. The average rpeed of the squad
ron was seventeen knots, at which the
Donegal was burning coal at a rate
that would empty her bunkers by the
time port was reached and the speed
had tn be reduced. There are ten ships
of this class, seven of which, including
the Donegal, are fitted with Belleville
boilers; the Berwick and Suffolk have
Nielausse boilers and the Cornwall has
Baboork and Wilcox boilers. On the.
J?erwick a stoker was scalded to death
during the race home through the
burbling of a tube in a boiler.
along. And yet these were the girls
whose love and loyalty to country
made possible the , victories of our arm
ies. It was their letters of love to
the young soldier picketing the danger
line along the Potomac and the Ten
nessee that braced his courage for the
deadly duty. It was the knowledge
that one of these girls loved him that
strengthened alike the courage and the
arm of the young^iero of Antietam and
Vicksburg.
• The American nation worships its
heroes.' It has builded costly monu
ments to the memories of its dead ones
and magnificent homes for its few sur
viving ones; but it has sadly. forgotten
its most self-sacrificing ones. .
We enroll the worthy veteran upon
the pension list. We have also pro
vided comfortable homes for him, with
in whose cozy shelter he may rest
fully pass his few remaining years in
peaceful plenty. Many such are na
tional, and individual States have cre
ated and are maintaining many others.
Each and all of them exhibit the
grandest display of human beneficence
known to the world, past or present.
The various laws providing ' for their
establishment expressly, state that they
are not "almshouses." The comforts
they furnish are not bestowed as a
charity, but as the recognition of man
hood for manhood's service. And yet
the glorious halo of this splendid' ex
pression of human love might be en
hanced by an added brilliancy.
The pitifulness of old age is pathetic;
but what is it when old age is wo
manly! The pathos of sadness reaches
Its culmination when we view the old
wife of the veteran starving outside
the gates of her husband's Home. Her
suffering under such circumstances be
comes a stain upon the manhood of
all those whose opulence became pos
sible because of the encouragement she
gave to the' young soldier at the front
at the time when the destinies of the
nation hung trembling In the balance
and were righted only by thes bravery
of the man she cheered. To the wo
man who^ marries the soldier in his
latter years there Is nothing owing.
But to the" wife of the hero of 1861-65,
the one whose wedding ring bears the
imprint of the sixties, we owe much.
What area few paltry dollars to the
richest nation upon earth compared to
the value of a loyal woman?
Let it be that the old wife
at the old veteran— the bride of the
sixties — finds comfort and rest beside
her comrade within the shelter of a
national home. We claim to be a Chrls
tion nation. "Whom God hath Joined
together let no man put asunder."
F. M. CLARKE.
April 10, 1904.
Xaz-al Xotcs
Now that Hearst is out of politics perhaps Bryan
would like to 'come into the ring again for a third trial
on the ground that he is the only man of his stripe that
has a fighting chance left.
Mr. Bryan had great power over audiences, but lie had
to work it by his bodily and vocal presence. He con
verted the convention of 1806 into a dervish conventicle,
but it was done with his vocal chprds, assisted materially
by. his dark brown eyes rolling in the finest frenzy. But
remove Bryan to the rear of the curtain and the spell
was broken. Not so, however, with this new phenom
ena of Hearsterics. The wizard does not need to be
present at all. He may be far away in his seat in Con
gress with his cardiac machinery throbbing with unself
ish devotion to the "common people" and red hot and
enraged against the plutocrats, but the mention of his
name does the business and knocks gravitation 'out of
business. \
He is indeed a lulu. Judge Parker is not in -it. Olney
is a rank outsider, and it is in vain that Gorman's, fol
lowers try to lift themselves off their feet by the scats of
their trousers. The Hearst show has the road. It is the
only greatest combined association of aggregations on
earth. While we write this and while if is read his spell
is sending people to keep company with Mahomet his
coffin and Santos*Dumont his fly machine.
Nothing like it has been seen since the. days of Lulu
Hurst, the Georgia wonder. She was a right little, tight
little lady, but the touch of her finger tip would knock
Sandow off his center of gravity. If she touched an um
brella raised and under full sail it went inside out with
broken ribs and there was a job for the "brellas to mend"
man. She would" look at a chair and break its leg and
one glance would break the neck of a bottle or the back
of a sofa. Though she spelled her name differently it
was Hearst in the pronunciation. Some bold and defiant
man married her and she passed off the stage. Is it
possible that her powers are incarnate in her phonetic
namesake? . . . - •
THE proceedings in the Democratic party prelimi
nary and antecedent to the Presidential nomination
are attended by certain physical' and psychological
phenomena of the most curious and interesting character.
These are set forth in tfie daily, semi-daily and some
times tri-daily, editions of Mr. Hearst's numerous news
papers. When we read that the mere mention- of Mr.
Hearst's name in Texas took an audience "off its feet"
it did not seem singular; for Texas is an unexpected and
sudden sort of place. But it spread - like trembling
among the Shakers. So we read that dajly and some
times many times a day this occurs. Even in staid and
matter of fact New England they go off their feet by
hundreds, and in Montana, the Dakotas, Iowa, ¦ Illinois
and Ohio they suffer the same experience. Along. with
this they are "spell bound," "lose themselves with enthu
siasm," "go wild with excitement," "lose control of
themselves," and so on.
It is believed in the Orient that there are certain words
which have a physical power when uttered. " One " of
these is the good word "Abracadabra." If a stranger go
into a Turkish bazaar in Constantinople and say "Abra
cadabra/'^the people run away in a panic. Is it possible
that in Hearst we have the great American Abracadabra?
Never before has this lifting off their feet been done by
any candidate for the Presidency. Mr. Hearst's papers
never tell what becomes of them after they go up. They
are separated .from the ground, lifted off their feet and
are left in that condition. ;
This has not yet occurred 1 in California. All of our
people are still on foot. Perhaps this is because the
spell-working name is sent out from headquarters in this,
city in cold typewritten letters. These have been scat
tered "from Siskiyou to San Diego, from the Sierras to
the sea." They are supposed to be the composition of
Manager Tarpey. He is an orator of the energetic
school, whose efforts send the atmosphere to a drug
store for antiphlogistinc to heal its bruises. But his let
ters seem to lack efficacy. They are horns of plenty
filled with promises and kind words, but it is said that
some of their recipients return them saying, "we need
something down here more substantial than kind words."
What can they mean except that the magic "name
"Hearst" be uttered to lift them off their feet?
While whole audiences, . groups, ... committees and
quorums arc elsewhere flying into the air Californians
are denied this unique and . bunion-soothing experience.
Mr. Hearst should not deny to his people in his native
State the benefits of his magic. He should try it on
Barry and Leake for instance. They belong to a
wicked and perverse generation that demands a sign.
Why withhold it? If they could be shown off their feet,
dancing in the air and feeling up for the ground, it would
settle the business. But while they go around gnashing
in every other State in the Union the wonder-working
name is. if monotonously, still surely lifting people off
their feet. The American Abracadabra is everywhere
else suspending the law of gravity and introducing mag
ic into politics.
The battleship Virginia, launched at
Newport News on April 5, is the sixth
naval vessel by that name. The first
was a ship of twenty-eight guns, built
in Maryland in 1776 and captured two
years later by the British. The second
Virginia was a schooner, built at Nor
fclk in 1708 and sold in 1801. The third
was a ship of the line of eighty-four
guns, which was completing at the
Boston navy yard when the Civil War
broke out, and in consequence of which
her name was changed to Vermont.
She was stricken from the navy list
December 19, 190L The fourth Virginia
was originally a steam frigate named
the Merrimac, and was transformed
into a ram by the Confederates and
renamed. She was, however, popularly
known as the Merrimac, and her fliht
with the Monitor in March, 1862, was
an epoch in the world's history. The
fifth Virginia was built by the Confedr
erates at Richmond; she was a heavily
armored vessel, but rendered no ser
vice, and was burned to prevent her
falling Into the hands of the Union
forces. '; '¦:'¦ '
The raising of the United- States
battleship Maine from the bottom of
Havana harbor has again been indefi
nitely postponed. A Chicago contractor
recently made an offer to the
Cuban Government to raise the
ship, but having failed to fur
nish guarantee and sign the con
tract within twenty days the offer Is
considered canceled. No less than six
offers have been made at different
times to raise the ship, but the condi
tions imposed upon would-be contract
ors have been of such a nature as to
cause withdrawal of offers. One of the
most important conditions is that pro
hibiting the use of explosives, it being
desired to raise the wreck intact from
any other damage than that sustained
when Eunk February 15, 1898.
The dispatch-boat Dolphin was
launched twenty years ago, on April 12,
1SS4, and was the first vessel of the
new navy to take the water. The cruis
ers Atlanta, Boston and Chicago, au
thorized by act of Congress of March
3, 1SS3, were not launched until Janu
ary, 1SS5. The contract for all four ves
sels was given to John Roach, whose
only serious competitors were the Har
lan & Hollings worth Company and Wil
liam Cramp & Sons Company. It was
not until December, 18S5, that the Dol
phin, after several unsuccessful trials,
finally made the speed trial, upon the
results of which the Navy Department
decided to accept the vessel at a re
duced price. A board composed of Com
modore G. C. Belknap, Commander
Robley D. Evans and Herman Winters,
a civilian engineer, reported the Dol
phin as deficient in horsepower and
speed and structurally weak. In order
to reinforce the Belknap report Com
mander R. W. Meade was assigned
captain of the Dolphin, and this naval
officer in his report, while differing
somewhat from Belknap and Evans,
characterized the Dolphin as a "ma
rine crazy-quilt."
The Dolphin was built at a cost of
JCST.TIK. and her cost in repairs, includ
ing removal of boilers,* has been $374,
000 up to July 1, 1903. Modern vessels of
war are costly to keep in a proper state
of efficiency, and the Dolphin's repair
cost is not excessive as compared with
other vessels since added to the navy.
The Dolphin has fulfilled the purpose
for which ehe was built — that of a dis
patch-boat, and as she is not a fighting
craft she has been largely utilized in
carrying the President, Secretary of
the Navy and Congressional commit
tees to watering places and navy yards
on The Atlantic coast. Its only special
duty in the navy line was to voyage
around the world, leaving New York in
January, 1S88, and returning September
27, 18S9, during which period the Vessel
steamed over 55,000 miles. No "struc
tural weakness" has ever manifested
itself In this alleged "marine crazy
quilt." The Roach heirs have been
awarded the money due on the canceled
contracts, and the Dolphin is still good
for twenty years more.
all the personnel, rather than the ma
terial, will, in the future, as In the
past, prove itself the principal factor
2n battles on land and sea.
There, sprawled in - the fantastic
posture of sudden death, lay 'a frayed
and weather-beaten old cat. /
"S-s-she's dead," wag the only gasp
which could come from the agonized
lips of the old man for a minute. Then
he broke into a cry, half-querulous,
half-despairing. "Oh God! those days
all ' those days when I first cum here
to the poorhouse, and she wuz the only
friend I had. She took to me the very
day they brought me, and every day
arter, when I wuz tap-tappin' my way
aroun' gettin' ust to the corners, she
would cum up to me an* talk to me —
yes, talk." Old Bill broke Into another
senile fit of sobbing.' '
"Why, old Bill Buckley," laughed the
stableman in a* worthy effort to bright
en up the mourner, "I didn't know you
was mashed on that— that lady I have
to take away to-day."
"I wuzn't." Old Bill's trembling hand
began to search about his knees until
his fingers grasped the corner of an
old frayed shawl that lay there cover
ing something. "This wuz my friend,'.*
he said, with a voice stilled almost to a
whisper as he reverently pulled away
the shawl.
Back and forth, back and forth, with
dolorous movement, he swung his old
body in time to the crooning wall of
grief which arose, wavering, from hl3
lips. His sightless eyes were turned up
so that the tiny beam of sunlight
slanting down through the crack in the
barn glinted upon the tears that stood
in the "hollow sockets. The scraggy
white beard that sprung from .the
wrinkled throat leaped and quivered
with the shaking sobs that racked it
in quick spasms. His arms, folded
across his chest in mute sign of help
fulness, twitched with each sob, and
the gnarled fingers knit and unknit
themselves, in the frayed- cuffs which
trimmed the end of the , coat sleeves.
Grief was there— the grief of the aged.
"Why, what's doing, old Bill Buck
ley?" The cheery voice of the driver
sounded through the gloom of the barn
as he paused on his -way to water the
horses. He had to hitch them-present
ly to the long covered wagon, which
always leaves the "City and County"
at a walk.
His Friend.
and in the sea a grave. He was a brave man and it would
have been better for him and more satisfactory to his
country and to the naval pride of the world had he risked
battle and died in action.
Going again to the -contrast between navies and the
naval spirit it must not be "forgotten tliat-n early all the
leading commanders of the Japanese navy were trained
in the United -States and England. They had to learn
naval tactics and absorb the sea fighting spirit abroad,
for they had no nav^l school at home. It is evident that,
they resemble our navy officers in being willing to fight
against odds, trusting to skill in gunnery, discipline of
their men and capacity to handle and, fight their ships.;
If; all the fleets of Russia were mustered in the Yellow
Sea, far outnumbering those o*f Japan, it is sure that the
Japanese would fight the aggregation and perhaps win.
OFF THEIR FEET.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL! 15,' 1904.
THE SAN FRAN GI SCO GA.UL
JOHN D..SPRECKELS, Proprietor . I . . .¦.,....'. AH Commanicatioas to JOHN McNAUGHT> Manager
Publication Offlco <3|^§!^£> ...••••• .Third and Market Streets, S. P.
FRIDAY '..;... ...... ...:........ ........... v ...;..... . . . . . . . ...... ... .... . ' . :. . . .APRIL; 15, 1904.
8
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVESCLEVELAND, Ohio, April 14.— The
Standard Oil Company to-day an
nounced another reduction of % cent
per gallon on all grades of refined pe
troleum.
Price of Oil Reduced.
Louis H. Eaton will give his twen
ty-fourth free organ recital at Trinity
Church next Monday evening at 8
o'clock. Mrs. Florence Wyman Gard
ner will sing a number from . Pugno's
"Resurrection of Lazarus." and Ho
mer Henley will sing a number from
Blumner's "Fall of Jerusalem" and
"Amfortas' Prayer" from Wagner's
"Parsifal." The organ numbers in
clude the Bach toccata and fugue , in
D minor, Guilmant's first sonata and
several lighter compositions.
Organ' Recital at Trinity.
The building is well located, being
between Church and Locust streets,
two of the finest residence streets in
the city. It is one of the finest in the
city. W. H«- Weeks of Watsonville was
the architect.- The foundation is of
concrete • and the walls are of Santa
Cruz County sandstone of a buff shade,
with trimmings of red Arizona sand
stone. The roof ia of slate.
The extreme length is seventy-five
feet and the width sixty feet. The ex
terior is very . pleasing and has a sub
stantial look.
There are two main entrances to
the library, one on Church street and
the other from the Locust-street side.
The door on the Church-street side is
reached by a wide flight of six Colusa
sandstone steps. From the tiled floor
of the vestibule a flight of ten steps
leads to the main hall, a room 16x30
feet.
The trustees who have - been in
charge of the erection of the building
are Samuel Leask,-Dr.F.W. Bliss, J.
W. Linscott, C. L. Anderson and E. L.
Williams.
SANTA CRUZ, April 14. — The new
Carnegie Library was opened to the
public to-night with appropriate exer
cises. ; An ' address was delivered by
Dr. Eli McClish, president of the Uni
versity of ,t{ie Pacific, and short
speeches were made by Dr. F. W.
Bliss, president of the Board of Trus
tees; J. W. Linscott, secretary of the
board, and Mayor Clark. The exer
cises will continue for three days.
Located in Eesidence Dis
trict and Is Made; From
Stone of Native Quarries
AN IMPOSING STRUCTUEE
Celebrates Opening of New
library Presented to the
City by Andrew Carnegie
SANTA CRUZ
HAS GALA DAY
The company at the table consisted
of Lucius H. Foote, Ttc. George Chis
more, Dr. J. D. Arnold, Henry Mar
shal,, E. Gallys, Frederic W.J Hall,
E.' D. Peixotto, Barry Coleman," S. *D.
Brastow. Ryland "Wallace, Reginald F.
Nicholson, Colonel James -Biddle,
James D. Phelan, George T. Bromley
and Hugh M. Burke.
; Verses for the occasion from the
pen of Dr. Chlsmore and Uncle
George's speech in acknowledgment of
the, many, tributes, of friendship will
be. published in the latter's forthcom
ing book.-
mrony of breaking in was postponed
until Uncle George Bromley shall an
nounce the function at the' home
circle. . , , .
Thomas I* Fairburn and A^ L..-Bar
nett were arrested last night and
placed on the detinue book at the City
Prison. The two men passed a- check
for $5. on a bartender at the .Peerless
saloon, 904 Market street. The police
believe the pair have been -guilty: of
passing other fictitious checks around
town' arid will; investigate. <
Pass Bad Check on Saloon Man.
Th« California Northwestern Railway, the
plcturesqu* route of California, will run one
of its popular excursions to Ukiah Sunday.
April it. The fare will be only $2 for the
round trip. Leave Tlburon ferry, foot of Mar
ket street, at 8:30 a. m., and on the return
leave Ukiah at 6 p. m. As U well known, the
company looks carefully after the comfort of
lt» patrons on these excursions and no tickets
are sold -beyond the number of seats provided,
thus lnaurln* a Beat for everybody. -
Excursion. to Ukiah.
ROBS CHINESE LOTTERY PLACE.— Th«
American Lottery Company, at 930 Dupont
street, wa* robbed la«t night by an unknown
Chtnaman. • Tbe Chinaman entered the place
and reacted Inside the window,, grabbed *.15
and ran from the place. The Chinese save the
alarm, and Detective Georre McMahon Kav«
chase, catchlns the robber after a run of sev
eral blocks. When searched th« wily Celes
tial had dlsT>o»ed of the atolcn money. He
waa Identified by the Chinese running the lot
tery place., but on account of not bavins the
coin he was allowed to so.
W. G. Cannon, ruling elder of the
Cumberland Presbyterian Church,*, was
stricken with heart failure yesterday
in Devisadero Hall duringthe annual
meeting, of the California Presbytery.
He was removed to the house of Rev.
W. J. Fisher. 1166 Page street. His
condition grew, so serious that he was
removed later to the house of Miss
Eastin, 525 Turk street, and Dr. F. p.
Gray was sent for. Mrs. Cannon and
a number of Mr. Cannon's ; friends
were by his side when he was stricken
Stricken With Heart Failure.
The Precita Valley Improvement
Club held an enthusiastic meeting Jast
night In Young's Hall, corner of Pre
cita avenue and Folsom street. Presi
dent Stephen A. Byrne presided. The
main questions at issue were the im
provement of Army street and a rem
edy for the abatement of sewerage
nuisances in that immediate vicinity.
Letters were received from Mayor
Schmitz and the Board of Health,
both promising to give assistance to
the club in their endeavors to im
prove that section of the city. .The
club has a membership of sixty, more
than' half of whom were present.
Weekly meetings will now be regularly
held every Thursday evening in
Young's Hall.
Prcclla Valley Improvement Club
Holds Meeting In Reference to '
Army Street and Vicinity.
WANT TO irAVE SEWERAGE
NUISANCE DONE AWAY WITH
The South Dakota, the California's
sister ship, and her exact counterpart,
while advancing in construction at a
good pace, is not in as advanced a coir.
dliion, owing to the reduction of the
force of workmen hitherto employed on
her. All extra men have been put on
the California.
The steamship Columbia is at the
Union Iron Works being refitted with
oil burning furnaces. change ne
cessitates the installation of huge oil
tanks besides other changes, by which
the whole interior will be completely
transformed.
Repairs to the steamship Queen are
being made at the works and involve
the entire reconstruction of one-third
of the vessel. The machinery escaped
without injury. How any persons es
caped from so dire a catastrophe is
the marvel of all navigators. -Three
weeks will complete the repairs.
It is estimated that nearly 90 per
cent of the United States battleship
Ohio, building at the Union Iron
Works, is completed. All the big
twelve and eight inch guns are now in'
place, and but little remains to be done
to both turrets. All the heavy work is
finished, and the fitting up of quarters
for officers and men is being pushed
at a rapid rate. Additional workmen
have been £ut on the Ohio, and as far
as possible the work is being expedited.
Probably in about four months the
great ship will be put into comission.
It is understood that the Ohio will Join
the China squadron when finished.
Work on the protected cruiser Mil
waukee is making rapid progress, fully
25 per cent of her being completed.
Preparations for the launching of the
protected cruiser California are going
forward at a satisfactory rate. The
ways and cradles upo'n which the
cruiser will rest as she slides into the
water are all in place. The California's
engines are all nearly finished. Their
capacity is by far the largest ever
turned out in the West. Under forced
draught they will develop 23,000 horse
power and drive the cruiser at a speed
of 22 knots, with the propellora making
126 revolutions. A pair of dredgerB are
at work deepening the channel into
which the California will first plunge.
In length and breadth the California
exceeds any Government vessel built
on the Pacific Coast.
Big Battleship Building at
Union Iron Works Will Be
Completed in Few Months
OHIO'S GUNS
ARE IN PLACE
There is no change in the conditions ;
between the Leather Workers' Union, j
who are out on a strike, and the i
wholesalers, who have declined to ac- j
cede to the terms presented by the I
union. The retail shops agreed to the i
terms presented and .are therefore not
affected by the strike or its conse
quence. One. firm, that of the Pneu
matic Horse Collar Company, is not
affected, as it has been paying a high
er scale of wages than that demanded
by the union men.
Eugene Clancy, .an active union
man, has received his commission
from the International Association of
Bridge and Structural Iron Workers
as State organizer.
At a meeting of the District Coun
cil of Carpenters - held last night the
following resolution was unanimously
adopted: "Resolved, that this Dis
trict Council of Carpenters enforce
the decision of the National Brother
hood of Painters and the Building
Trades Council in the present painters'
trouble. The news given to the press
last week-ln reference to this matter
was given out by some unauthorized
person and \va« not true."
At 'the meeting last night the Elec
trical Workers' Union No. 6 elected the
following officers: Delegates to the
Building Trades Council, P. A. Clif
; ford, Eugene Rush, H. Davidson. Mel
ton Lazarus, John Smith and Frank
Haskell; trustee to Organized Labor,
Edward H. Smith; trustee to Labor
Temple, E. E. Gray; keeper of tho
rolls, A. E. Cohn; executive commit
tee, R. T. Guffy, A. H. Burnes, J. J.
Marshall and Max Mamlock; examin
ing committee. Frank Keetley, C. Ren
wick, J. J. Marshall, Max Mamlock
and Philip Dunn; finance committee,
R. L. Bennett, C. II. Shipman and J.
R. Smith.
The trouble between the Litho
graphers* Union and the establish
ments in which lithographers are em
ployed is in a condition of abeyance
pending a communication forwarded
to the National Association of Lith
ographers in the East for its approval
on the new wage schedule prepared
by the local union.
The leather Workers' Union_anrl the
Wholesalers/ Have Not Settled
Differences Yet.
LITHOGRAPHEUS' TROUBLES
ARE NOW IX ABEYANCE
Uncle George Bromley. Bohemian Club, San
Francisco: Warmest conEratulatlons and af
fectionate best wishes for many a happy birth
day yet to be.
MR. AND MRS. HENRY CLAY BARNABY.
Many letters and quite a number of
appropriate gifts wgre received by
Uncle George. '• • , ¦
A message waa cabled to Paris last
night, Jelling Raphael Welll of the
success of the event and noting that
the health of Sylvain and himself was
remembered. The birthday cake was
a triumph of art from an external
point of view. It was the sense of the
company thsit it was infinitely too
beautiful to be cut in the presence of a
mere throng of men, hence the cere-
ST. LOUIS. Mo., April 14, 1004.
Eighty-seven candles, one for each of
Uncle George Bromley's honored years,
shed a glow on the" beautiful-round
table In the red room of the Bohemian
Club last night. "The, beauty of the
scene was enhanced by a wealth of
flowers, wild and cultivated, which* the
incomparable Johnson banked in most
artistic fashion. The dinner was given
by Raphael Weill, who cabled from
Paris to his understudy, S. D. Brastow,
directing that the feast should be
worthy of the occasion.
Uncle George himself was at his best.'
He sang songs of the sea, told stories
of the long past, and bestowed happi
ness on all those assembled - to greet
him. The president of the club, James
D. Phelan, presided in the most ac
ceptable style, eliciting verse, speech or
story from his listeners.
Among the greetings by wire were
these:
\ MONTE CARLO. April 14. 4:30 a. m., 1904.
' Uncle George Bromley. Bohemian Club, San
Francisco: " May you climb up to one hun
dred as easily and joyfully as you did the rest.
RAPHAEL WEILL.
The Birthday of Uncle
George Bromley
Honored. '.
UNCLE GEORGE T. BROMLEY, "WHO
YKSTKRDA Y CELEBRATED . HIS
EIGHTY-SEVENTH BIRTHDAY.
G. H. Umbsen & Co., the real estate
dealers, who are acting for the "Anna
Held Company for the selection of a
prc-per site, have been working for a
week with the various owners of the
most favorable sites in their endeavors
to secure a suitable location. Thus far
those presented have not been deemed
sufficiently central. Umbsen & Co.
were interviewed yesterday, and they
said that they believed that a satis
factory arrangement would be made
before May 1.
"Much depends," said Mr. Umbsen,
"on the locatic-n, as the details of the
building are matters that can be easily
adjusted by thei Anna Held Company;
as the tire-proof class of theater de
sired by the company is just in ac
cordance with the modern requirements
of our Board of Public Works."
The city, in truth, does need a first
class theater in the downtown section,
and it is thought that tnc business it
will attract will do much to. improve
the theater interests in the city.
Charles Hanlon, the attorney for the
Anna Held Company, is busily engaged
in preparing articles of incorporation
under the laws of the State for the
company and the charter will be is
sued in a few days.
It Is likely that plans for a million
dollar theater In this city will be drawn
up before many weeks. L. Ziegfeld
Jr., manager of Anna Held, thinks of
building such a showhouse here, and
he is to be assisted by Charles Hanlon,
the well known attorney, and G. H.
Umbsen of the real estate flrni of G. H.
Umbsen & Co. ' .-'
Ziegfeld has had his eye on San
Francisco as an ideal city for a grand
theater. He has studied out the ques
tidn and believes that this city would
easily support still another first class
amusement house. He conferred with
Umbsen and Hanlon and was encour
aged by them and told that the venture
would surely prove a success.
If the new playhouse is erected here
Anna Held will appear on its stage
every season, and none but the highest
grade talent will be permitted within
the inclos^re of the stage. No defi
nite plans have as yet been decided
upon, but it la understood that details
will be arranged and the. grand play
house be a realization before the gen
eral public is fully aware of the fact.
Plans for Structure Soon
to Be Made and Work May
Begin in a Short Time
LOCAL MEN INTERESTED
L. Ziegfeld Jr. Proposes to
Erect a Million - Dollar
Flaylibuse in This City
NEW THEATER
WILL BE BUILT
THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ,- FRIDAY, APRIL^ 15, 190^.
EIGHTY-SEVEN
HAPPY YEARS
REMEMBERED
9
RWb &^ R^S 'H'OKATORls a nat-
M w H BB ¦ IB ural r»»storpr of lost
*tr*ncth and rlsror. It is the ONLY means
whlcb «"ill expand and develop the organs, used
w:ih our improved " I'crfect " Soluble Medicated
(Direct Mrdkalion)
''rayons, will quJrklrcureunnatoral losses, etrlo
tnre, premature decay, proetatlc affections, mc
r^m^ >'or VARICOCKLK our IM-
tffTRk PItOV»:D DEVF.LOPER, coo-
\S£r1j% biniKl with our new patented SL T S-
V-*J$^ rEXSOBT and COMPKKSSOR,
£X/l*o\A only by uf>, will cure even the
' " i worst cast's. I»on"t fail to investigate thia.
¦ Call or write for new (copyriphtinl) pro-
r i fusely TJustratM lOO-patre hook/'Hcalth,*
§ ' for M EN ONLY. Sont «ecurely sealed
4f t: FRKK. Our physicians are experienced
- 33 aa<l strictly reliable npeciallsts. Fe*s
moderate. Treatment elven on 10 daya*
trial and approval.
HEALTH APPLMNCE CO.,
6 O'FarrelfStrcet. S. F.
() visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat^
f' MUSE U R OF ANATOMY^
a CS ::5iv^rKET.t3t.e:i*:a.s.rctL A
\ C5 Tbe I-tr^-r^' Aaatimical Hauun in the \
dj irVVi V«r id W cakcesiet mr »n jr contrmctcd Q
A t&£j[l DR. JCROAN-DISEASES CF WEN A
V (xj^J Con^ultitioe fre* »nd strictly prirife. \
A I Trwmtnt p»rton«li» or by Irttrr. A B
V fl tr SI '*•'"" Cvr ' ln *«T <**¦ ¦ndernkea. \
A C II 111 I *'rtw«or Book. P«ILO««PBTrt A
V I I \\lt HiRHUbE, MAIL.U9 I REE. <Alf
A i» U **<"*U« book for ir.'i.) \
¥ Dlt J«inr»A> A CO.. 1051 Market St.. 8. F. 9
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
StWEASiWOMEW*
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A UKEAT liESTOKATIVi:. INVIGOliA-
tor and Nervine.
Tbe most wonderful aphrodisiac and Spedai
Tonic tor the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tb»
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Ita own merits.
NABEIi. ALFS &. BKU.VE. Agents.
t23 Market St.. S. F.— <Send for Circulars, t
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New)HOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE.
REMODELED AND REBUILT at expens*
or !2;<i,<**>— New Ma-nafc-erneiit— ENTI1CELY
KJREl'UOOr.
1XKTATIOX— Very cceefMble to street car
l:n»-«. trwatM-H. etc. EUROPEAN PI*AN. ' *
223 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS —
Seteral private rooms in antique decoration*.
Turklrh Batbn In Howl.
UXHCKTAS6ED RESTAURANT. D» Stei-
cer. Cbcf. ! Tin ily of Waldorf-Astoria and
Chef to Prince of Wales.
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone Connec-
tions In every room: Ionic distance connections
rr.fcrtf with any part of tbe coast.
Wire for reservations, at our expens*.
HOTEL BUTLER. (Seattle. Wash.
" ¦
Pfliarp dow* 1 fail to
laittWW the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
Q fl n room, the EMPIRE
ClUU PARLOR, tbo
r j PALM ROOM, the
Ifnifla LOUIS XV PAR.
ui ttuu LOR^ and LA-
u . « DIES' WRITING
Hotels room - ,
REGAL SHOES. :',;_¦¦ . _ _', _ __ j__
<JTie theory is that by cutting out the
profit of tanner, leather commis-
J^K sibn-man, jobber and retailer
£^^^^^^^^^^4 shoe at the wholesale price.
The ! eatl ? er and the cost
°^ ma^ n s * n e est s^ oes
made cannot average over
TANNERY profits of each handler.
WEARER To probe it right,
(£O Crv before you buy, we use
v[)O« JU on all Regal Shoes the
w • Window, of the Sole,"
a detachable label which permits you to -see the; solid,
close-fibered Oak Tanned Leather of sole; 1V>' prove
that the leather and workmanship is /as good where y;ou
can't see it as where ¦ you cani ye'ye been cutting up
Regal Shoes 'with the Buzz Saw in our windows.
We makethe sfrbnjg:estland of stetementi6 about Regal
Shoes, arid adopt every means we can think of ; to probe
them to you. We don't: ask you to pay ($3^50 for a
theory, but for an honest pair of sixndollar shoes.
Send 'for Style Book. M&ll orderi promptly rilled.;
--. There are 12 Regal \ Stores, " 22 ', of r them In Greater New ! Tork, v where ; th«
Btyles originate: i. The 'new; styles tare' on sale at our, San^^ Francisco Store at
the same time as in the New York Stores. 8S9898HHBB1 ¦ ,' .
' ¦ BMKttMjHy^fBfl ' ' • ¦-- -:;.'*'. _. . ¦'.¦' ; : ,_ '¦ . ¦
San Francisco Store, Cor. Geary arid; Stockton; Sts. t '
.AlffTJgEMENTS.
Last Two Nights
MRS. FISKB
To-Night— HEDDA CABLER
- TO-MORROW MATINEE
A DOLL'S HOUSE
Preceded by A BIT OF OLD CHELSEA.
To-Morrow Night- FARE^^^I KE
Act II.— Hedda Gabler
Act II. — Divorcons
Act I.— A Doll's House
And, by Special Request,
ActIV.»Tessonhe D'Urbervilles
— E X T R A—
Beg. Next Sunday Matinee
KOLB AND DILL
- BARNEY BERNARD
WINFIELD BLAKE
~ .MAUDE AMBER
HOPE AND EMERSON
—IN—
HOITY-TOITY
PRICES 15c, 25c, SOc, 75e. Seats Now on Sale.
Ti VOLI : S55£
MATINBB TO-MORROW
TO-NIGHT
ii EVERY NIGHT
Mil locker's Delightful Comic Opera
BRILLIANT
RERHAR triumph.
DLUUMR received with
IMMENSE
OIUULIVI ENTHUSIASM.
USUAJL. TIVOLI PRICES— 25c, 60c, 75c.
Box and Mezzanine Seats, $1.00.
5«t Production- A BUTT/AWAY OPtl.
IT /I A fT 1 T^' Belasco A Mayer.
ALtAZAK E po D pri pre
¦ General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MAT. SAT. AND SUN.
Bronson Howard's Comedy Drama,
Aristocraey
A Comedy Depicting Society In
San Francisco. London and New York.
"MADE A BIG HIT."— Post.
Evg., 25c to 75c; Mats. Sat. & Sun., 25c to 50c
Next Monday— The Brilliant Comedy. -
THE FRISKY MRS. JOHNSON
By Clyde FltcA.
Market Street, Near Eighth.. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
The Powerful Sensational Melodrama,
IN THE HANDS
OF THE ENEMY
nrr Panorama of South American Scenes 1
I" I I The Gold Mines of Bolivia!
Y|" r Thrilllnsr Escape From" Prison! ¦
111 I : Battle for Life In Ruined Monastery 1
**¦•¦¦ 'A Great Play. and a Brilliant' Cast!
DDirCC Evenings." 10c. to 50a
I AIWCO Matinees. 10c., 15c.. 25c.
Next— THE WHITE SQUADRON.
MAJESTIC THEATER
MARKET ST.Y. .OPP. LARKIN
OPENING MOpY^ APRIL (8.
ISABEL IRVING
(Direction JAMES K. HACKETT.)
-. In Winston Churchill'* Play,
"THE CRISIS"
SEAT SALE THURSDAY AT SHERMAN,
CLAY &. C0.*S.
PRICES— <1 50. $1. SOc; box seats. $3.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Racing ; Each Week . Viz:'. ~ Rain or ; Shin*. -
Six or More Races Daily.
'. Races commence at 2:15 p. m.- sharp.
* For special trains stopping at the track take
S. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12:3U,:
1 :0O. 1 :3O or 2 o'clock.- No smoking In Last two
cars, which are reserved for Ladles and thalr
escorts.'" ". •' : " ' .. .. '"'. :¦-,'¦ -'" ' '¦
. - Returnlns trains « leave ' track at 4 :1O '. and
4:45 and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. 1 President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secrotary. -, ...
rv>ArWT^T.
Call, $1 per Year
AMUSEMENTS.^
CALIFORNIA
j&M The Children Must See Tola,
jgT Matinee To-morrow. yk
I McFADDEN'S I
I .••FLA X o«»* I
H Don't mUs the "Yellow Klda"— fun- Eg
u niest little fellows you have ever aeen. ¦
¦S3 Sunday. America's Favorite Actresa, B
ROSE COQHLAN I
In Her latest Success, f|
¦ "The Greatest Thins in the "Wlrld." B
A Bifi Banner Bill !
The Four Mortons; Edmdnd Day and
Company; ,EULs-Xo\vJan Trio; Flo-
Adler and Orphexun Motion Pic-
tures. Last times of Blind Tom;
Four Welsons; Omar and Margina
and James H. Cullcn.
Regular matinees every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Pricea, 10c. 23c
and 50c. -
vUkUIVlBlM UADISS QEITiZE
LAST 3 NIGHTS.
MATINEE SAT. IaAST TIME SUJJOAT.
ANNA HELD
In Her Greatest Musical Comedy Saccesa, ¦ i
MAM^ELLE NAPOLEON
' BEGINNING NEXT MONDAT. .
THC And Company of
lllCtf Seventy- two People la
«^-vw j|-v the Musical Comedy,
hUUK Running
COHANS for Office
SEATS HOW BBADT.
TEST I ~VOU
IT MS I \A/IL-U :
NO ONE CAZ4 EXCEL
Our Musical Productlona.
| ees:m::et
With a Laugh for Every Look.
With Our "All Star" Cast.-
With Our Bewitching Chorus
With a World of Novelties. .
SPECIAL! *
RETURN TO REAL. FUN
NEXT MONDAY. April 13.
"CHOW OHO-W."
An Uproariously Funny Burlesque.
April 28— A. O. P. Theater. Party.
A GREAT SHOW
Every Afternoon and Evening: In the
Theater.
i TAKE A RIDE ON THE \
MINIATURE ELECTRIC RAILROAD
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLIMES IN THE ZOO.
• VI^IT THE MTSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Admission, 10c: Children, . 5c.' •
When Phorftng Ask for "The Chntea."
— — ; : .•¦/. ¦ - .
EIGHTH ANNUAL
IDogShDw
OB" THE
Sari Francisco Kennel Club
...MECHANICS' PAVILION;..
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday, :
APRIL 13. 14. 15 and 16.
, Pacific Cat Club's show on Friday and Sat-
urday, 10 a. m. to 10:30 p. m. .
ADULTS. SOc; CHILDREN. 25c
BASEBALL!
Oakland vs. Seattle
'.' u . AT RECREATION PARK.
. Eighth and Harrison streets. /
TO-DAY 3:30p.m.;--'
- 'SATURDAY .:.... 3:0Op. m.
SUNDAY;..-....:.... 2:30 p. m.
. LADIES* DAT TO-DAY.
* Advance: sale of seats at 5 Stockton rt.
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE
' Corner ¦ Sacramento and Webster Sta. ,
LANE LECTURES.
FRIDAY EVENING. April 15, .
¦ i At 3 O'clock.
" DR. A. BARKAN. k ,
'. Subject: ."EYES AND EYE GLASSES." V*
'*V-h ¦¦.:¦- ~S ADMISSION IS FREE.
T)TJ TT O TT 17 Ol KOR BARBERS. B.v-
KKIlSHli^ kcrs - bootblack* hatn-
U MX KJ U LX U VJ . b0U8e8 , billiard tabl-«,
brewers, bookbinders, . candy. «" ak '' r ». " caan.-u.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper,
hangers, printers. ¦ painters.; shoe factorU*.
stablemen, tar-roofer». tanners, tailors, «tc_" <
, .;.:.:. BTXCKAjrAN BROS., .
Brash Manufacturers, 609 Sacramrato St.
, ¦ ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ _ _ _ _ .
1
x^SSlk Ajhfei- HO - USEHOLDER 1
home sooner or later. Be sure 1
/PjSer WB JSk vfornd Rotlmem. Tin Rott»r*-
PAINE'S CELEBY COMPOUND.
SPRING ! — IT'S TIMB~TO EMB^U^ETriL^
Be Aahamed of Sickness aad Spring Pever— Heed the example of the Happy,
Thankful People— BBACED— HTVTGORATED— COTStED at Once by
the Celebrated Kervc Vitalizer and Tonic
Paine's Celery Compound
A DBOOPHffO WOMAN. 1 THIS PXTTSBUBO MAW, TOO.
Tired. "Weak, tat Paine's Celery Com- ~ 'JL.- . _, „ „ „_„ „,
poanfl Made Ker Strong. n ra * tJ**" 1 Up =lia oa m "
Dos Moines. Iowa. Jan. 30. 1904. "I rect T^en He WaiBnn Down and
Tv.is fooling tired and weak and had been Sickly. /
troubled with nervousness for uTong "Allowing my system to become thor-
time. When I walked on the street 1 oughly undermined by hard work, loss
l^came dizzy and felt that I m going of sleep and nervousness, the result was
\o fail. I had doctored with the best that I was a nt subject for the hospital.
jhysiciar.K. but pot no relief. A friend of mine recommended my tak-
1 had r«*«d of the numerous cures ing Paine's Celery Compound, which I
made by Paine's Celery Compound, end did. and after taking one bottle of your
finally decided to try it. From the start valuable compound felt much better. A
the benefit which 1 drrjved was marked, second bottle has put me on my feet
Alter taking: thre» Jxittles 1 ferl that I cgain. It braced me up. I now feel like
:;n entirely eured." — MRS. S. A. ADDER, a new man." — L. SHEETS, 223 LeJiigh
Mf. X. 4th St. • Ave.. Pittsburg. Pa.
The pentle but unfailing regrulating •
power of Paine's Celery Compound does •*••••¦•••••••••••• ••••••••
r.way with "that disheartened feeling" I "
which sets its mark upon the faces and I BE WEX1 THIS SPIKING. .
tlie lives of so many unhappy women * • '
b^n e t SSS { " E *«™ Confidence and Health-!:
snd unfailing health are th»* envy of J«lmply matter* of irood tlpoi aad,,
<^tl>prs owe their pure. Ftroni? blood and I Vital NERVE TOBCE." '
5°« vitality itolely to the little morning I_p rO f f F Phelns m n TT n of'
<1oses of Paine's Celery Compound the n.L .T! Fnelps. M. D.. LL.D.. of,
celebrated Nerve ViUlzer and Tonic I rtmouth University — Famous,
which irives the whole svstem Ftren«h t PJ 8C ?, Vercr ° f Paine s Celery Com "«
to <io its work in a healthful way. t P° und - ?
It keeps them "always at tbeir best." ».«.««.« ............ «»».*
Qo to Vour Druggist TO-DAY—
V Get one bottle of Paine's Celery Com-
pound—See how DIFFERENT it will
make you feel. -
• Si>2wJ Sixty-six hours is all it takes \
{^^ pS2^^^ from Los Angeles to Chicago; \
\ y^^^^^^^^fK 54/^ hours to Kansas City. ~
f^g&^fpB^&L e tra^ n t^ iat ma kes it is the \ \
*«^V^^!^^ n service daily, December 25
; ""^ " "^ library and observation y
i cars * 1
..^Bgaag-Bfr., Tickets, berthi and literature at thu office and at all Southern M
¥ •ji*'rj ijLiiii Piciiic ticLct offict*. m
l^^^^p^^^ 62 3 Aiar^ct S^, San Frincisco, CaL |•Apprentice allowance.
O'Brien Knocks Out Twin Sullivan.
ST. LOUIE. April 14. — Jack O'Brien
of Philadelphia knocked out "Twin"
Sullivan of Boston in the third round
to-night of what waa to have been a
fifteen-round bout*
First Race— Vasallo; Wolhurst, Xel
lic Bawn. :
Second .Race— Del Carina, Sileo,
Grenoi'C.
¦•Third Race^ — Shell Mount, Wager,
Educate. :
",:* Fourth Race— -Judge Voorhles, Har
ry BeckV Illowaho.
,.;Fifth / Race— At wood, Don Domo,
Ilagerdon.; • .;
- - Sixth , Race— Caronal, - Forest > King,
i;__now..\\V" \ ¦ ¦- : • .¦• . ,'¦">' ¦--¦•;
PROBABLE WINNERS.
WASHINGTON. April 14— Get-away day at
Hennlnce furniehed one of the best day's snort
_f the meeting. Results: *^
First race, seven furlongs— Prfneelet won.
.Tohn^F. Ahearn second. Love Note third. Time!
Ke_ond race, five furlong-— Wild Irishman
won. Mirthless second. The Claimant third
T*lme, 1 :04.
Third race, second half of Bennlnga Handi
cap. «even furlongs — Graziallo won, Briar
thorpe second. Himself third. Time 1-28 4-5.
Fourth race, about two miles, handican*
ne*plecha»e — Charles O'M_.i>y won Twlli«*t
terond. Red Hawk third. Time 4:12 2.5
Fifth race, eeven furlongs— Cantaloupe won
Tide FPcond, Sweet Jane third. Time. 1 :31 2-5*
Sixth race, one mile and torty yard* Set&a
ket won, James F second, Trapezelet third
Time, 1:45 2-5. • .
IJennincs 3Iectinc End*
The tennis players of the Poly
technic High School .held* theft", 1 try
out yesterday for • the Academic Ath
letic League tournament on : the Cali
fornia Club courts.-' Owing to the, fact
that' the entries must : be -In by . to
morrow it was arranged that, the ;two
players reaching the finals should'rep
resent the school.* ! Bailey: McFarland
won in the upper, half .and A. Baft in
the.lowerr.v-:- ¦ ..¦."¦ ':;¦"'¦-. ;j- •'.:'• ': ¦';•'-'•-¦
Players Chosen for Tennis Match.
Fourth race. Tennessee Brewing Companr
intake, -even furlongB — Martinmas won, Irene
Lindsay second. Orfeo third. Time 1 -2S*i
Fifth race, steeplechase, full course about
two miles— Golden Link won. Mvatlc Shrtner
eeoond. ltacatiara third. Time 4-«
Sixth race, one and a half rnilee, selling-
Justice won. O Reilley second. Free Admission
tr.tru. Time, _:4...
Second rare, one mile, selling — Rachael
Ward won. Ttnnesseean second. Royal Arms
third. Time, 1 :4<3.
Third race, four an. a half furlonge— Lady
Tarhloii won. Oceaner second, - Huxle third
Time, :58.
Flr-t race, four and a half furlongs, selling
— Woodclaim won. Lady Monetise second Dun
da II third. Time. :57U.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., April 14.— Montgomery
Turk results:
Racing at 3Icmphis
Sixth race — One mile and seventy yard- four
year-olds and up; selling. *H'y?- '
C631 Flaneur (Bianchl & Co.)......."., ' no
CC_tJ C-ronal (Chappell) "104
C547 Heather Honey (Leach) '."no
B«08 Oro Viva (Fountain) *.. "...".".. ,".-;;v " i<u
C559 'Pierce J (Gaylord) ...... ... . . . . . . " 09
CG08 Forest. King (Jones) ini
6620 'I Know (Burnell) ................ '04
6C20 »Rey Dare (Nealon) ....t...-....-.-;. " jw
6626 Golden Light (McCafferty) ...... ;.i '101
Fifth race — Futurity course; three-year-olds
and up; handicap.
(G5tt9)Atwood (Hemlngray) ...............; 99
6570 Don Domo (Newman) ........*"""" j»
(661 4)Lady Kent (Wellman), .....V;.."'""id4
0032 Money Muss (Gaylord) ., "li^
«614 Misty's Pride (Jones) ""104
<C570)Hagerdon (Frank) **"ll4
(5992)Ulctma (Robb) .................. -"* o«
6498 Sad Sam (Green) uj
Fourth race— One mile and fifty yards: three
year-olds and up; selling.' v ••
,6583 'Harry Beck (Lynch) 101
CC17 'Orchan (Edgewood Farm) ... g-»
52S1 Tizona (Partlngton Bros.) * I ion
6020 Theodora L.(SmU%). ........... 104
C300 Vlrgle d'Or (McDowell) .'."* 09
Cfi23 Illowaho (Stover) .............. "inn
«T»3 Hellas (Creely) '* io«
tM;l5 'Judge Voorhles (Murray) .......'.!*" 99
B615 Harka (Wentworth) ..; . . 05
C590 'Chlleno (Blasingame) ......... '. '-" ' o«
6017 Glenrice' (Guthrie) ........... 104
CC02 'Floriana Belle (Miller) .".'.' 00
*SC17 Polonlus (Stewart & Co.) .....;..."*1O"J
C5»6 'Pencil Me (Mounce) . ..........."*"ioi
6C21 Sollnus (Levy) .""lOl
Third race— Five and. a half furlongs: four
year-olds and upward; selliii.:
5738 •Rosebud (Parker) ....... ' irvT
G617 Walter (Hayes) . . . .' £ii
Wil7 Puss in Boots (Josephs) -_....."! !I!"l0u
CC13 Wager (Guthrie) 11 1
(KjIO Prlestllke (Snider) " " "*10«
«:i" 'Educate (Chappell) *"lO7
Wil3 Titus (Meek) ....... ./;... . ?,{
C<31 Brennus (Judge) *""*"ll5
5374 'Nanon (Polk) •
(MS. Hirtle (Neal) "";fo
6«10 Sir Doucal (Sheridan) ...... . hi
4CW» "San Lutlon (Robbins) ....'"lOC
C(Z:i Sir Preston (Scharetg) ...:......;.. 115
UlttG Our Pride (Howe Stable) 114
0500 Shell Mount (Wellman) *"ll4
C631 Skip Me (Madison & Edson) ii.iillG
Second race — Four furlongs; two-year-old* ;
selling :
0C16 •Saocharate (Napa Stock Farm) 97
Cedarburgh (Alhambra Stable) 105
Creecendo-Why Sot.
C483 Grenore (Davis) j O ->
Wilts Slleo (El Primero Stable) !!'.!'"lO5
«i03 Pirella (Miller) 105
001« Tarcoola- Belle (Miller) '!"l0"
(6616)»Del Carina (Smith) io5
Dresden (Rodgers) 105
Maxio-Seco. '
David Boland (Balrd & Co.) 105
David Tenny- Ella Boland.
CC55 Escobosa (Stewart & Co.) 110
6610 M. A. Powell (Jones) .'105
6010 Mogregor (Bianchl & Co.) 113
First race — One mile and fifty yards- thre»
year-olds and upward; selling:
5420 'Conger (Kirk & Co.) .... m;
C590 Qulbo (Blackburn) " "loi
CC21 Nellie Bawn (McCabe) """ ,)k
CMS Miss Vera (Lynch) .',:>
6T.18 The Toller (Jones) *" {,»'
W15 Homeric (Judge) . )3
CT,22 County Down (Haskell) " "* a<>
Ctil2 ?Vasallo (Piedmont Stable) <m
0C18 Ripper (Lane) iji
CS18 'Wolhurst (Anthony) n C
f*12 Emll (Williams) ' "" 90
Wll 'Cinnabar CSmlth) s7
Gfiir. Resigned (Macdonald) "*" 00
W.15 Orpheus (Coalter) joi
CC09 Maxetta (Jeunes?) ' 99
ENTRIES. FOR TO-DAY.
The Fretter "was backed from 10 to 5
to 1 in the betting on the fourth race.
On account of his sudden improvement
the horse was suspended by the judges.
Charley McCafferty claimed San Jose
for $825 from the two-year-old race."
Joe Jones and Sherwood each piloted
two winner*. . .. ; ' : ' • ¦ • • •• .
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
A more evenly balanced field than
that which started in the fifth, a Fu
turity sprint, would be difficult to col
lect, and there was no favorite in the
betting. Lurene, Sir Preston and
Flaneur, each quoted at 4\k to 1, were
the favored ones. "Alice Carey, piloted
by Sherwood and 5 to 1, reached home
a length before Brennus. Rollick, a
13 to 1 chance, took the show. Lu
rene showed some early speed , and
then quit. •
"Big Bill Knapp had the mount on
Northwest, favorite for the closing
mile selling run, and finished second.
The first choice raced Anirad Into sub
jection, but when challenged the last
eighth by Sherwood, on George Berry,
she was not equal to the emergency
and lost by a head. Anirad was third.
For some reason " nobody figured
that Watkins Overton would repeat
his run of last Tuesday and he opened
up at 20 to 1. Later on the odds
•were cut to 8. McBrlde landed him
first at the wire, a length and a half
before The Fretter. Sam Greenfield,
on Isabellita, took the show, and with
a stronger rider up the mare could
have won. Montana Peeress, the fa
vorite, with Jed Lewis in the saddle,
made a poor showing.
~ EVENLY BALANCED FIELD.
Jed Lewis made a bungling mess of
it on Bill Short and Velna, played from
2>,_ to 1 down to 3 to 2, registered an
easy winner of the two-year-old dash.
Joe Jones piloted the first choice and,
drawing away from Bill Short on the
stretch turn, led San Jose out a couple
of lengths. Otis on Howard Vance had
his usual run of luck, getting home
when it was all over.
Jones also had the mount on St.
Winnifride, winner of the five and a
half furlong run following. The mare's
odds dropped from 2 to 11 to 10, and
she collared and beat Riesca<out with
ease. Algareta, a 30 to 1 chance back
ed to 12, ran a moderate third.
LEWIS' BUNGLING RIDE.
There was not much to recommend
the programme at Oakland track yes
terday and the crowd found it almost
as impregnable as the Japs find Port
Arthur. Royal White and Watkins
Overton were the highest salaried ar
tists in the long shot line. The favor
ites found representation at the wire
in Velna and St. Winnifride.
Of all the touted ones in the open
ing scramble OEcar Tolle was the only
one to get a piece of the money. The
winner turned up in Royal White, a 25
to 1 shot, ridden by Dugan, which
downed Ospar Tolle a head. The Lieu
tenant ran third. Crigli. the favorite,
finished fifth.
Stolen base — Egan. Errors — Cravath, Ray
mond (2) McLau.hlln. Home run — Nordyke.
Two-base hits — Raymond, Chase. . ¦ Bernard,
Eajran. Lynch. Sacrifice hits — Sheehan. Ross.
First base on errors — Taeoma 2. Left on bases
— Ix)s Angeles 7, Taeoma- 5. Bases on balls —
Off' Baum. 2, off Thomas - 3. Struck out — By
•Thomas 7, by Baum 2. Double plays— Thomas
to Sheehan to Nordyk-, Smith to Raymond to
Chase. Wild pitch— Thomas. v Hit 1 by pitched
ball— Gray, Hannlvan. Time of. game — Two
hours and fifteen minutes. ' Umpire — Huston.
Los Arigfcles 0 0 0 0 1 2 1. 0 0 0 0—4
Base hits.... 0 1 10' 2 2 2 0 0 2 fr-10
Taeoma .......1 0 0 0 0 0 0 3 0 0 «-_10
I Base hits 2 0,1 0 1, 1 2 3 0 06-15
SUMMARY. :
AB. R. H. P.A, AB. R, H. P.A.
Bern'd.cf 5 1 1 4 1 Casey,2b ft 3 2 4 1
Flood,2b. B 0 2 3 1 Shehn,3b 0 13 2 1
Smlth,3b 6 12 1 4 Nordy.lb 6 1 3 11 0
Cravth.rf 2 1 0 2 . 0 Egan.ss. 5 1 1 0 2
Ross.lf.. 4 0 1 3 0 Lynch.cf 6 1/2 4 1
Chase.lb 5 0 1 11 0 McL'n.lf 5 0 14 0
Raymd.ss 5 1 1 4 5 Hannl.rf 4 111 0
Spies, c. 5 0 0 5 2jGrah'm,c 4 12 72
Baum, p. 5 0 2 0 1 Thom's.p 5 1 0 0 4
Totals 41 4 10 33 14 Totals Is 10 15 33,11
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
LOS ANGELES, April 15. — To-day's
game was as exciting as any played
here this season, and up to the elev
enth inning was a tie scere, each hav
ing four runs. In the eleventh, Taeoma
fell upon Baum and pounded him for
five hits, netting six runs. The locals
could do nothing with Thomas after
the seventh inning. Up to the eighth,
Los Angeles had the game well in
hand, with a lead of three runs. In
the eighth with Sheehan on first base,
Xordyke hit the ball .over the fe.nce.
Eagan and Lynch followed! with hits,
all of which netted three runs 'and
tied the score., - Attendance 1500.
Score:
Los Angeles — T Taeoma —
W. L. Pet.' -i W. L. Pet.
Oakland ...12 5 .722 San Fran... 8 11 .421
Taeoma 12 0 .«(" Seattle ....7 10 .412
Los Angeles.12 7 .032 Portland .. .3 16 .1M
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
Taeoma Batsmen Land on Him for
Five Hits in the Eleventh.
PITCHER BAUM IS .BUMPED.
Errors— Veany. Anderson. Beck <2), Druhot
Two-base Rlu — Anderson (2). Gorton, Castro
Sacrifice hits — Anderson, Shea. Flnrt baee on
errors— San Francisco 2. Portland 3. First
base on called halls — Off Jones. 1; off Druhot
J. Left on bases — San Francisco 6 Portland
«. Struck out — By Jones, 4- by Druhot 4
JVjuble play — Schmeer to Anderson to Mas'sey
Wild pitch— J»nes. Time of same— One hour
_nd thirty-five minutes. Umpire — O'Conncll
SUMMARY
FRESXO, April 14. — The game to
day was the best played here this sea
son. Druhot and Jones both did good
Tvork from the box. the game being
a pitchers' battle. Druhot was a puz
zle until the ninth inning, when he
was found easily. The game had a
sensational end. At the end of the
ninth, with two men on bases and two
out. Gorton came to the bat. He sent
n two-bagger to left field, scoring the
two men on bases. Score:
San Francisco — t Portland
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. PA.
"Wldrn. cf.4 O 0 0 O Drnan, cf.3 O 1 3 O
Hildbd. lf.3 0 O 1 0 NJ.au lf.4 O O 1 O
Meany. rf.4 0 0 3 0 Frmn. lb.4 0 O 14 1
Irwln. Sb.4 12 0 5 Beck 2b.. 4 1 1 1 0
Masy. lb.3 0 © 14 IShea. C...3 0 14 2
Adrsn. 2b.3 13 4 2 Castro #.40111
*-chmr. b.3 O 0 0 5 Frno*. 3b.4 O 1 2 fi
Corton. c.4 0 14 0 M'Crtll. rf .'! 0 O o O
.lonec. r .."<•«. l 3'Druhot. p.3 O 0 O O
••Leahy ..1 0 0 0 0, ...
' Totals. 32 1 0*26 14
Totals. S2 2 6 27 16'
••Batted for Schmeer in ninth.
•Two men out when winning run was made.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco. ..00000000 2— 2
Base hits 01001010 8— «
Portland 0 1 0 0 0 0 O 0 0 1
Base hlte 02100020 0— 5
Gorton Sends In the Only Runs of the
Game in Ninth.
UNCLE'S MEN' IX FRONT.
Harley's Wandee Mearns: reserve, Charles K.
Harley's Wandee Buck Up. Novice, bitches —
First. Charles K.- Harley's Wandee Worry.
Limit, bitches — First. Charles K. Harley's
Wandee Cowslip. Open, bltehes^ — First, Charles
K. Harley's Wandee Manila. Winners, bitche*
—First. Charles K. Harley's Wandee Manila;
reserve. Charles K. Harley's Wandee Cowslip.
IRISH TERRIERS
Limit dogs — First. John Douglass' His Lord
ship: s»-cond. Thomas Howard's Shann Rhu:
third, F. J. Walker's IowIIde Dougan. Open
doga — First. James Wattson's Red Hill's Doc
tor; second. John Douglass' His Lorddhip.
Winners, dogs — James Wattson's Red Hill's
Doctor;. reserve. John Douglass' His Lordship.
Limit bitches^ — F>>st. Miss Ina C Martin ¦*
Shan Van Vochtr 1 second. Dresser. Simpson k
Niehaus" ; Lady Powers. . Open bitches — First.
Mrs. F. . J. Walker's Royal Noreen; second.
Miss Ina C. Martin's Shaun Van Vocht. Win
ners, bitches — First. Mr*. F. J. Walker's Roy»l
Noreen: reserve. Miss Ina C. Martin's Shaun
Novice dogs — First, Mrs. G. Myera* Fac».
Open dogs — First. Mrs. G. Myers' Face. Win
ners, dogs^ — First. Mrs. G. Myers' Face. Open
bitches — First. Marguerite Constance Hoax' 4
Muggins. Winners, bttches^ — First. Marguerite
Constance Hoag's Muggins.
POMERANIANS.
Dogs and btches — All awards withheld. Open
dogs — First. Mrs. Lewis Bernstein's Beauty.
Limit dogs and bitches — All awards withheld.
YORKSHIRE TERRIERS.
Novice dogs and bitches — First Miss Doris
Wilshlre'a Punch. '
MALTESE TERRIER3. ¦ ' ¦ •
Open dogs and bitches — Third, MUs F.
Marx's Teddy R.
.' • ENGLISH TOY SPANIELS.
Open dogs and bitches— First. Mrs. A. Roi'»
Pansy; second. Irving C. Ackerman's Humber
stone Trilby; third. Ed Attrodge's Rufus.
JAPANESE SPANIELS.
Limit dogs— First. Thoma* H. Stevenson's
Blutcher; second, R. Robinson's Glp. Open,
bitches — First, Thomas H. Stevenson's Prix.ce!
Winners, spaniels — First, Thomas H. Steven
son's Prince: reserve. Thomas H. Stevenson'*
! Elutcher. Limit bitches — First. Thomas H.
Stevenson's Beauty. Open, bitches — First
Thomas H. Stevenson's Queen. Winner*,
bitches — First. Thomas H, Stevenson's Beaut} ;
reserve, Thomas H. Stevenson's Queen.
MEXICAN HAIRLESS.
Open, dogs — First. Mrs. Ida I* Moulton'i
Stylish Jack; second, Mrs. Ida' L. Moulton's
Cupid. -Open, bitches — First.' Mrs. Ida U
Moulton'3 Bing Bing; second, Mrs. Ida. L.
Moulton's Jane.
ITALIAN GREYHOUNDS.
Puppy dogs and bitches — First. Mrs. William
Hill's Duke II; second. Mrs. William Hill s
Dude.
CHOW CHOWS.
Open, dogs and bitches — First. Mrs. D. d»
Barrows' Hong; second. D. de Barrows' Kontr.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Puppy dogs and bitches — First, Mrs. I* H.
Wagner's Puggle: second. Mrs. L» H. Wagner's
Toodles. Open, dogs and bitches— First. Mra.
C. F. Hewson's Jappo; second, Mrs. Ida L.
Moulton's Bummer; third, Mrs. L. H. Wag
ner's Bunny; reserve, Mrs. L. H. Wagner's
Beauty: very highly commended, Mrs. I*. H.
Warner's Toy. • • -
SPECIAL PRIZES.
Livingston Jenks trophy for the best St
Bernard— Won by Charles Newman's Cham
pion Lester C. Lester K. Wells' trophy for the
best St. Bernard, opposite sex to the winner
of the Jenks trophy — Won, by A. L. Hamilton'*
Golden Fairy. '
- Thi S. , & O. Gump trophy for the best
Great Dane — Won > by Mrs. L. S.' Adams Jr ' s
Rupert of Hentzau.- - The Llcfe House trophv
for the best Great Dane of the opposite sex to
the winner of the S.' & O. Gump trophy — Won
by Mrs. C. O. Saxe's Princess Harlequin. The
W.F.: Williamson trophy for the best pair of
Great Dane-., dog:, and . bitch, owned by one
exhibition — Won by John L. Cunningham's Ruy
Bias and Carlotta. The Charles Newman
trophy for thy best Great Dane bred en the
Pacific Coast, entered- in the puppy class —
Won by Mrs. C. G. .Saxe's Princess Harlequin.
The trophy for the best kennel— Won by John
L. : Cunningham. ,
The San Francisco Kennel Club's trophy for
the best ¦ greyhound — Won by J. H. Rosseter's
Rocker. The Clabrough. Golcher & Co.'s trophy
for the best "American foxhound — Won by W.
M. BerfsCrowder. The San Francisco Ken
nel ¦ Club's tropry for the best bitch— Won. by
W- S. Klttle's Rose. . • % ..
.The .P.-.J. Weniger, trophy for the best
pointer — Won by;E. Courtney Ford's Boston.
.The 'A. ¦ Friend trophy -for. the best pointer ot
opposite sex — Won :by-J. E. Lucaa* Oregon
Jessie.- ¦---¦¦"
Puppy dogs — First, ' Charles K. Harley's
Wandee Smasher: second, Lewis Prenot's
Edgecllff; third. Walter W. Stetthelmer's Tal
lac Sagebrush :. very highly commended. Domi
nlck Shannon's Silver -Trumpet. ¦ Novice, docs
—First, Charles K. Harley's Wandee Smasher;
second, ~. Walter -. W. Stetthelmer'a Tallac Sage
brush: third; Dominick Shannon's Silver Trum
pet. - Limit, dogs — First, Irving C. Ackerman's
Sabine Brightllght; second, Charles K. Harley's
Wandee Smasher.' Open, dogs — First, - Charles
K. Harley's .Wandee Result; second, : Irving • C."
Ackerman's Sabine Brightllght: third. . Charles
K.' Harley's Wandee Smasher. Winners.*, dogs
— First, Charles K. Harley's Wandee Result;
reserve, ' Irving C. I Ackerman's Sabine : BrlKht
llght.;¦- Puppy bitches— First. -Charles <K. Har
ley's Wandee Snow Girl. --Novice, 1 bitches —
First, Charles ¦ K.v Harley'e Wandee Treasure;
second, J.B. Martin's Golden Soubrettc; third,
Charles K. Harley's Wandee Snow. Girl. Limit,
bitches— First. Charles K.' Harley's Wandee Sea
Breeze. ¦ Open, bitches — First. Charles K." Har-
ley's Wandee Violet. 'Winners, bitched— First,
Charles K. ' Harley's Wandee Violet; - reserve,-
Charles K.> Harley's Wandee Sea' Breeze". Pup
py .' dogs — First, „ Irving . C. Ackerman's Hum
berstono Bristles. * Novice; dogs^First, Charles
K. Harley's Wandee Buck Up. . Limit.* dogs —
First, Charles ¦ K. J Harley's Wandee ' Mearns.
Open, -dogs — First. , : Charles f K.' Harley's ,Wan
dee Mearns. . ¦ Winners, - dcga T -Flrst,-'. Charles " K."
FOX TERRIERS,
Limit, dogs and' bltches^-Flrst, Augusta I*
Re4ners' Wyndhill " Papoose.
AIREDALE TERRIERS.
Puppy dogs — First, Mrs. Phil M. Wand'«
Dougie E; second, • Mrs. G, W.. O'Donnell's
Count; third, Mrs. F. A. * Brookbank's Dock.
Novice, dogs — First, Mrs. Phil M. . Wand's
Dougle E; second. Mrs. F. A. Brookbank's
Dock; third, Carl, von Baumgarten's Prlntx.
Limit, do'gs — First.- Mrs. F. - A. Brookbank's
Dock. Open, dogs — First, Mrs. G: W. O'Don
nell's Count; secona, Mrs. F. A. Brookbank's
Dock. Winners, dogs— First. Mrs.'- Phil M.
Wand's Dougle E: reserve. Mrs. G. W. O'Don
ncll's Count. Novice, bitches— First, Philip C.
Meyer's Glenwood - ; Frauleln. Open, bitches —
First, Marie Evans' Mejula;. second, Marie
Evans* Tilly. Winners, .j bitehes^ — First. Marie
Evans' Mejula; reserve, Philip C. Meyer's
Glenwood Frauleln. "•- ¦ . ...
Puppy dogs— First. Mrs. G. L. King's Oak
sides My Lady's Boy; second. W. H. Den-Ing's
Snowdrop II: third, Mrs. G. L. King's Oaksldeg
His Royal Highness; very highly commended,
Mrs. H. H. Carlton's Oaksides Hub Bub.
Novice, dogs— First, Richard J. Jose's Boston
Jacfc; second, Mrs. H. H. Brown's Cracker
Jack; third,' W. H. Demlng's Lord Rushie.
Limit dogs — First Richard J. Jose's Boston
Jack.' Open, dogs^ — First, Mrs. H. H. Carlton'a
Tremont. Winners, dogs — First, Richard J.
Jose's Boston Jack; reserve. Mrs. H. H. Carl
ton's Tremont. Puppy bitches— First, Mrs. H.
H Carlton's Oaksldes Bonnltel. Novice, bitches
First, Mrs H. C. Greenberg's Glenwood En
chantress; second, W. H. Demlng's Dlxsey D;
third, M.Ella Harris" Little Miss Muggins.
Limit, bitches — First. Mrs. W.H. Deming's End
cliffe Vernette; second, W. H. Deming's Dixsey
D- third M. Ella Harris' Little Miss Muggins.
Open bitches — First, Mrs. W. H. Deming's
Endcilffe Vernette; second, Mrs. H. H. Carl
ton's Oakstdes Princess of Avondale. Winners,
bitches^ — First, Mrs.' M. C. Greenberg's Glen
wood'Enchantress: reserve, Mrs. W. H."Dem
ing's Endcilffe Vernette. -
DACHSHUNDS.
BOSTON TERRIERS
Open dogs and bitches— First, L. Gugllel
menl's Roulette; second, Mrs. Cash Sloan's
Nounou.
FRENCH BULLDOGS.
Champion ' Banjo. Open, dogs — First, Mrs.
Arthur WV Spear's Woodlawn Wonder; second,
Mrs Charles F. Jackson's Woodcote Imp;
third, W. C. Bogen's Engiewood: very highly
commended John I. Sparrow's Croyden Zar.
Winners, decs— First. Ed Attridge's Edgecotc
Peer; reserve, Athole McBean s Champion
Banjo. Puppy bitches— First. F. W. Kelly" s
Bess; second W. G. Bogen's Sllkwood Venus;
third Roberta T. Duryea's Silkwood Bettie;
very * highly commended. Mrs. Bessie Kaler's
Baby Queen. Novice bitches — First, Frank fi.
Watkins' Newmarket Beatrice; second. W. C.
Bonn's Sllkwood -Venus; third. Phil J. Fay'a
Woodcote Empress; very highly commended,
E S. Simpson's Woodcote Ditto; very highly
commended. Roberta . T. Duryea's Sllkwood
Bettie. Limit bitches— First. J. .C. Bon«-s
Hawthorn Snowflake: second t Mrs. Charles F.
Morel's Silkwooa Patsye: third. J. U East
land's Naughty Nan. Limit bitches — First,
John I. Sparrow's Edgewood Jean; second.
Philip J Fay's Woodcote Queen; third. An
drew P. Welch's Haltome Pleasure; very high
ly commended. E. S. Simpson's Woodcote
Ditto. Open, bitches— First. J. C. . Bone'a
Hawthorn Snowflake; second, J. I. Eastland's
Naughty Nan. Open, bitches — First, John I.
Sparrow's Edgewood Jean. II; second, Andrew
P Welch's Haltome -Pleasure; third, E. S.
Simpson' s Woodcote Ditto. Winners. bitches-
First John I. Sparrow's Edgewood Jean II
reserve. J. C. Bone's Hawthorne Snowflake
W H DEMING'S SNOWDROP II. THE ONLY "WHITE BOSTON '¦, 2RRIER ON
' THIS COAST. WHICH CARRIED OFF THE RED RIBBON IN THE PUPPY
CLASS YESTERDAY IX THE KENNEL CLUB SHOW AT THE PAVILION.
hazard vs. Mr. Zienego; Money Mu«k vs. Our
Motto; Idaho Boy vs, Sempronius; Mellinwood
vs. Friendless Boy: Vandal vs. Donnybrook;
Aetfe W vs. Flaunt; Hudson v«. Frisco Lad;
X>uha!low vs. Tom Hurlick; Creswick vs. Tra
lee Boy; Lulu Girl vs. Cubanola; Frank Dunn
vs. Menlo Prince; Colored Lady Vs. Pepper
Hill; I'loughm&n vs. Mickey Free; Clovertiale
\%. Gen Dewet; Rich Array vs. The Ref
eree; Belle Free vs. Honest John; Piker vs.
Golden Links: Gambit vs. Richard Anton;
Wcdgewood vs. Hadijington; Favor Free \f.
Omroy: Ruby Sankey va. Rocker Arm; Jessie
Dear vs. Boots; John Hcenan vs. Joe Pasha;
F«rah •»¦». Lost Chord; Merry Go Round vs.
Real Article: Queen's Motto vs. Rapid Water.
OAKXJLND RACETRACK— THURSDAY, April 14.— Weather cloudy. Track fast.
6637. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling: S-year-olds and up; to first, $325. .
Index! Horse and Owner. IWt St. }i. %. %.¦ Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
8P0 Royal White. 4 <F. Lowry).. 102 12 ... «n 2n 2Hlh W. Dugan.. 10 20
6627 Oncar Tolle. 0 (Klunder & B.) 100 8 ... II 2 7 6 % 2 n Crosswaite 6 7
6609 The Lieutenant. 3 (H. Stover) 97 4 ... 2 1%3 Vi -3 h 3 5 Knapp 10 12
.... Potencla. 4 <F. Devin) 109 7 ... 7 n 5 % 7 1 4 %i Holbrook .. 20 20 •
C566 iCrlgli. 3 <C. E- Gruwell) 85 » ... 10 1%6 n 62 6% R. Butler.. .4 4
«G(.»7 GondoluB 4 fL. Jeuneos) 102 5 ... 12 2 8 n 8 2 6 1% Adair JO 7 .
6»C8 Bawnxo. 5 <\VaIx & Co.) 07 2 ... 4 >J 4 >4 4 n 7 2 Sherwood .. 20 40
| C31S Myrtle H. 5 <Mrs. Hertzell).. 100 1 ... S 149 2 9 2 8 1% McBrlde ... 10 -'20
6CH I'achura 3 (Xapa Stock F.).. 85 13 ... 14- 12 112 S n G Bullman 10 "IS
i «S54 Zenonian. 3 (Martin & Co.).. 102 11 ... 9 h 10 1 10 1 10 n Slnnott .... » 1R
C535 Moalta. 3 (De la Montanya).. 0.Y14 ... 13 n 13 12 2 112 J. Jones.... 10 12
| •MC>9 iGottlrlben. 3 (W. C. Vivell).. M fi ... 1 li^l 3 1 n 12 3 Reed 10 .' 20
r.300 |I>ady Rowell. 4 (Elmwood). . |108|10 ... 8 1112 13 13 Vickery ... 20 12
C2«itt jN'onle. 5 .Garden City gtabie)!10tlj 3 ... Sh Pulled up... J. Lewis... 4 7
Time — :2<i;. :5O*4. 1 :0». At po« 1 minute. Off at 2:16. White, place, 8; show. 4,. Tolle,
place. 3: show 8-8. Lieutenant, show. 3. Winner ch. g. by Royal Flush-Clara White.
Trained by D. S. Fountain. Scratched — Box Elder. Bell Reed. Start good. Won In a
hard drive of three. Royal White ran gamely. Oscar Tolle ehould have won. Potencla
Is fast, but erratic at the post. Crigll did not outbreak her field to-day. Oondolus did
well under indifferent handling. '/.< rmnian off poorly. Oottlelben quit. Xonie was
¦-¦ r -."lrir.£t. d - - n - -" d - - U P" She was u " ln i ured - *Los Angeles Index 60S0.
«M52S. SECOXD RACE— Four furlongs; selling; 2-year-olds; value to first. $325.
Indexi Horne and Owner. IWtjSt. U- 14. **. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
C616 ¦ Velna M. Van Gordon)... 102 1 3 2 In 12 !j Jjjnes B-2 3-2
CC03 ISan Jose (Summer* & Co.)... 105 8 4 2 2 3 2 1 J. T. Shehn 6 12
6616 Bill Short (A. T. Dob*on) 105 6 2 ',4 3 1M.3 6 J. Lewis... 5-2 13-5
CVS1 II. Vine. <E. W. Fitzgerald). |1O»J| 3 8 n B n "4 4 Otis 3 - 4
er.{T7 | Nell Pulllvan (5. H. Spratt).. 97 4 « 1H6 Vi fi ',4 Crosswaite 30 40
«519 'Emily Callahan i Humphreys) 102 B 1 »; 4 2 6 1»4 Holbrook .. 20 * 40
C423 Ulxelle IC. McCatferty) 102 7 7 *i 7 3 7 2 Wright 8 20
«3S1 Vel <G. Shaw) 107 2 9 9 8 »i P. Phillips. .".0 W
597'J Sea \'oyage (Mr«. Miller) 102 » 54 64 9 Knapp 30 40
Time — 31%. :50. At po*t 1 minute. Off «t 2:42'.4. Velna, place, 1-2; show, 1-4. Jose,
place. 5: ghow. 11-5. Short, show. 2-5. Winner, ch. f by Rubicon- Motto Trained by
G. M. Van Gordon. Scratched — Edgecllft. Ding Dong. Miss Tonopah. Start good.. Won
easily. Second driving. Third stopping. Velna best ridden. San Jose ran an Improved
race. I>wls op Bill Short rode a very eloppy race. Howard Vance was sore.
6020. THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. % . 14. «;. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
C614 (St. Winnifride. 4 (Painter)... 105 4 ... 3 1142 3 2 2 1 2H J. Jones 2 11-10
<6T.92);Riesca. 3 (T. McLaughlin) . . . 85 1 ... 11 11 11 2 1& J Lewis... 2 7-2
6338 lAlgareta. a tl. Morehouse) . . . 105 2 ... 41 41 31 31 Frowen 10 12
&90S IWateirpout. 3 (R. A. Smith).. 92 7 ... 7 1 6 1»45 14 3 Greenfield . 12 16
cr.20 Batldor. 4 <W. P. Fine) 108 6 ... r, 1 6 1 146 2 5 1.4 McHannon 20 30
63C2 Argot. 6 (J. Y Rich) »7 5 ... 6 1^7 2 7 1 6 1 Sherwood .. 12 ,10
C424 Amasa. a (S. F. Brown) 110 3 ... 2 14 3 1 4 1 7 1 A. Powell.. 12 16
C602 Modder. 6 (Buckholtz & P.).. 107| 8 ... 9 9 9 SI Adair « 16
C5S0 Hlrtle. a (A. Neal) |107| 9 ... 82 81 8 !4 9 Stuart 6 20
IWW1 Gladys Bell. 4 (A. W. Coffey)|107i Left p. Phillips. 20 60
Time— :24*4. :4». l:0S»i- At post 7 minutes. Ofl at 3:15>i. Winnifride. place. 11-20;
«=bow. 1-4. Riesca. place. 1; show. 1-2. Algare.ta. show 2. Winner, ch. m. by St. Carlo-
Santa Cruz. Trained by W. C. Hutchinson. Scratched— Rustic Girl Pencil Me Orchan,
Glendenning. Inspmor Munro. Our Prid». Start fair for all but Gladys Bell. Won
easily. Second and third driving- Winner best. Riesca ran her race Algareta ran
fairly well. Anuusa quit. Adalr's handling or Modder a joke. Stuart rode Hirtle and
the impost was too sreat for her.
663O. FOURTH RACE — One mile and 70 yards; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. U. li- *i. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
C618 Wat. Overton, 4 (Knebelkamp) 96) 2 6! 3 1V43 2 2 1141 1H McBride .. 15 8
CG04 The Fretter a <F. O'Rourke) 106 4 5h 21 1 m h 2h Crosswaite B 5
«ei2 ilsabellita. 4 (McN'amara) 9477*672728 33 Greenfield « f»
CGO4 I Billy Moore, a <T. T. Rector) 107 6 !h 4^4^51 4 »4 P. Phillips. 6 7'
€472 |Mr. Dingle. 4 <E. Tierney)... 1C« 5 8 6 H « 1 {> 1 W Dugan.. 15 20
CC18 IMocorlto a <J. .Ryan) 10C| 1 3%61 51 31 61 Holbrook .. 4 5
W17 iMont. Peeress. 5 (Mrs. Coffey) 9S| 3 1 Vz 5 '4 « 2 7 1 7 1 J Lewis... 3 13-b
•.1432 jUtrudi. 5 «KIrk & Co.)..... .1103; 8 41 lh !1 A l%8 Sinnott 10 13
Time — :25. :.%O. 1:15. 1:43. 1:47>4. At po?t 4 minutes. Off at 3:39. Overton, place. 3; show.
R-5. Fretter. place, ft-2; *how, 1. Isabelllta. show, 1. Winner, ch. g. by Belvidere-
Penenlah. Trained by J. Ownbey. Scratched — Idogo. Ada X. Start good. Won ridden
out. Second and third driving. There was little pace and Overton repeated. The Fret
ter was blessed with mere speed to-day. With stronger handling Isabellita would have
won easily. Billy Moore can do much better. Mocorlto has gone back. Montana Peeress
made a dismal showing. 'Los Angeles Index 6505. \
C631. FIFTH RACE — Futurity course; selling; 4-year-old« and up; value to first. $325.
Indexi Horse and Owner. !Wt!St. »i . 'J. *; . Str. Fin. Jockey. Op! Cl.
C610 Alice Carey 4 CBottger & H.) 103 5 ... 6141 41 lit Sherwood . 3 ft
CT»sa 'Brennus. 4 (S. Judge & Co.).. 113 7 ... 4 1 2 !j 1 14 2 if ff, Dugan 8 11-°
CC13 Rollick C (M. Jones) 116 8 ...10 7 1H5 14 3 h Otis ' 10 13
Cr.96 Flaneur, 6 (Bianchl & McG.). 116 2 ... 9 14 8 1 61 4 1* J T Shehn 3 9."
C542 Waterpower. 5 (H. Stover)... 113 9 ... 7 1 6 1 7 2 5 1% See " 20 20
<5,-i92 Dora I. 5 < J. Ryan) 10S 3 ... 31U51 81*61 Holbrook . . 30 30
C532 Mr Preston. 4 (Scharetg) 113 6 ... 2h 3 1>43 % 7 »4 J Jones 4 9-2
«C13 Skip Me. 6 (Madison * K.).. 114 1 ... 8 »4 » 1 9 2 8 2 P. Phillips. 30 40
(6«;iC)iLurene 5 (W. L. Pritchard).. 109 4 ... 1 1 1 1142 % fl 2 J. Lewis... 4 0-"
6303 !E. Princess. £ (I. O'Rourke). 10SI1O ... 0 h 10 10 10 |H. Stuart.. 30 40
Time— :24i£. :4». 1:12. At post IVi minute?. Off at 4:04. Carey, place. 2; show 1
Brennus place, 2; show. 1. Rollick, show. 5-2. Winner, b. m. by Trap'pean-Abble f'
Trained by E. G. Harmon. Scratched — Quiz II. Benla.«h. Start good Won all driving
Winner ran right to her notch. Brennus did well. Rollick could have won with better
racing luck. Flaneur had no early cpeed. Dora I quit early. Sir Preston stopped
So did Lurme. ..-,•---.„.
CC32. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; 3-year-olds; value to first. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. IWt St. M. %. *i. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op! cT
«600 IGeorge Berry <Bott»;er & H.). 104 4 49 4 10 4 20 2 n lh Sherwood .. ~1 3
(6554) [Northwest (Clifford & Co.)... 102 3 2 2 1 >4 1 2 1 1%2 4 W. Knapp.. 1 9.10
CC12 Anlrad « Mrs. Coffey) 97 1 1.424 2 H43 % 3 5 J Lewis... '3 18-Ji
««07 'Ebony (Hamilton Stable). ...... 104 2 3 2*43 1 3 n 4 20 4 30 J. T. Shehn 10 12
0551 I Jack Little (W. P. Fine) |108 5 0 5 5 5 1 B McHannon 20 40
Time— :25. :50. 1:15%. 1 :42H. At post Vi minute. Off at 4 :24. Berry, place, 13-20; show
out Northwest, place. 7-20; show. out. Anlrad, show. out. Winner, b. c. by Puryear D-
Gorgria Trained by E. G. Harmon. Sera tcned— Telephone. Start bad Won in a hard
drive of two. Third stopping. George Berry had a stormy passage and was much the
best Anirad raced out with Northwest, which did not help letter's chances. Ebonv
ran a poor race. Jack Little almost left. *
L.11y Wright ve. Red Rock; J E II vs. Pepper
Jack; Kree Born v«. Dear Gauton; Master
Rocket vs. Concord Tralee; Rarlnjr Auto vs.
Kontenoy; Faraway vs. Roy HuxMo; Hap-
The second of the series of trials be
tween greyhounds for the Grand Na
tional Champion stakes will be run on
Sunday at Union Coursing Park. The
«-ontenders will be Lord Brazen and
Fair Tralee. The former will be on
the "red" in the first course.
The remainder\of the card will be
made up of a 6 4 -dog stake. The draw
on Wednesday night resulted as fol
lows:
Crack Greyhounds Are Drawn To
gether in Grand National Trials at
Union Oourslne Park.
FAIR TRALEE WILL MEET
IX>KD BRAZEN* IX BIG STAKE
CHICAGO. April 14. — Considering
the cold weather, a good crowd turned
out to-day to witness the opening
game of the American League season.
Cleveland won the contest by perfect
fielding and bunching hits in the fifth
inning. Attendance, 7000. Score:
Clubs— : R. H. E.
Chicago 1 7 4
Cleveland >. . « 9 0
Batteries — Owen and Sullivan; Bernhard and
Bemls.
ST. LOUIS, April 14. — By superior
and more timely batting the Detroit
team to-day defeated the St. Louis
Americans in the opening game of the
season. Mullin was rather wild, bur
his seven bases on balls were scattered.
Attendance, 5000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis *- 6 3
Drtrolt 7 13 0
Batteries — Siever and Kahoe; Mullin and
Buelow.
NEW YORK, April 14. — The New
York Americans beat the champ.ion
Boston team at American League Park
in the opening game to-day. Attend
ance, 15,840. Score: ' -
Club?— R, H. E.
New York ; 8 10 0
Bofcton 2\ 0 3
Batteries — Chesbro and McGuIre; Touns and
Cri^er.
WASHINGTON, April 14. — Phila
delphia and Washington opened the
American League season on the lat
ter's new grounds to-day and the visit
ors .won. Plank pitched a steady
game throughout for the Philadel
-phias. The game was called at' the
end of the eighth inning on account of
darkness. Attendance, 6000. Score;
Clubs—. R. H. K.
Washington 3. 0 1
Philadelphia 8 13 1
Batteries — Wilson and Klttredge; Plank and
Powers.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
PHILADELPHIA, April 14. — In the
opening game of the National League
season to-day the locals defeated Bos
ton by consecutive hitting. Pitcher
Willis was effective for five innings.
Attendance, 5100. Score:
Clubr— • , R. H. K.
Philadelphia « 12 2
Boston 2- » 3
Batteries — DuRgieby and Dooln; Willis and
Moran. Umpire — Moran.
Cincinnati \ -1 -J «
Chicago ...• 'i 1 4
Batteries — Sudjion* and I'eltz; Weimer and
Kllngr. Umpire— Johnson.
NEW YORK, April 14.— The New
York and Brooklyn teams opened the/
Reason /o-day in Brooklyn. It was an
easy, victory for ... New York,' which
played an errorless game in the field.
Matthewrson. allowed Uhe Brooklyns
only three hits. Attendance, 17,500.
The' score:
Clubs— ' R. H. E.
Xew York 7 10: 0
Brooklyn 1 3 3
Batteries— Mathewson and Bowerman; Jones
and Jacklltsch. - : ¦ . -
CINCINNATI. Ohio, April 14.—Thir
teen - thousand enthusiasts saw the
opening game to-day between the Cin
cinnati, and Chicago teams. Cincinnati
won the- game in the ninth inning on
a single,- a sacrifice and a fumble by
Tinker, which allowed Kelly to score.
Score:
Clubs— » • . R. H. E.
NATIONAL LEAGUE
A rousing meeting of the Amateur
Athletic and Driving Association was
held last night in the Palace Hotel and
some new blood was # enlisted in the
cood cause cf building a great public
athletic field in Golden Gate Park.
President "W. B. Hinchman of the Pa
cific Athletic Association was on hand
to gather data so that he might
espouse the question at the regular
meeting of his order to-nizht. He of
fered some Bugpcstions as to the best
manner of reaching the schools and
colleges on the subject of subscriptions
end was empowered to go ahead with
puch arrangements as he deemed fit.
The Cycle Board of Trade was also
represented. For years the cyclists
have endeavored to have a properly
banked track built in the park, but
liave n**ver been able to swing the
proposition alone. They are working
in conjunction with the other sports
men and were given assurance that a
track, constructed on scientific lines,
would be built between the speed track
«nd the cinder path. A space of twen
ty feet in width has been left in the
surveyors' plan which will be exactly
suitable for this purpose.
It was the original intention to give
cut the names of subscribers 'to the
fund at the meeting, but it was deem
ed advisable to let this go over another
week as several holders of books were
i.ot present and sent only the lump
rum of their pledges. An addition to
the cash fund of nearly 52500 was made,
Vrincing the total of cash x»n hand up
to ?T000. The amoont subscribed and
outstanding is fully $5000 and may b«
n trifle more when all reports are re
ceived. The first of next week com
mittees, appointed by President Simp
eon, will visit prominent citizens of
public ppirit with a view to swelling
the fund greatly. It is hoped that the
rew workers will soon complete the en
tire 525.000 needed to make the plan
en assured success.
Detroit Nine Invades the
World's Fair City and Out
plays St. Louis Americans
Public Spirited Citizens
Make Possible a Notable
Addition to Playground
3'EOSPECTS AEE BEIGHT
Puppy dogs— First, - Ed ¦ Attrldge's i Edgecote
Peer; second, r John , D. Spreckels - Jr.'s - Titus
third, John 1 Sparrow's Silkwood Dan; reserve'
J. W. Morton's Edgewood 1 Baron: very; highly
commended; M; ; H. Francia"* Silkwood Duke
Novice dogs— First, >Ed -; Attridge's > Edgecote
Peer; second. -John? D. Spreckels Jr.'s Titus
third. , John- I.- Sparrow's :. Silkwood ¦ Dan- - re
serve, ': Mrs. Charles , ' F. "¦•• 'Jackson's " Woodcot*
lap; > very highly, commended, aWHllam Kaler's
Woodcpte Bummer: ' highly , commended, j John
J. Deane'e Spot. Limit' dogs — First, John D '
Sprekels Jr.'s '.TItua. iLlmitidogs— First, 'Mrs.;
Arthur W. r ; Spear'8 .WoodlawniWonder; second
Mrs. -. Charles F.i.-' Jackson' b '- Woodcote 4 Imp
third.' Mrs. ' W. . J. Tiernan's - Dick , Curtlii ; -very
highly commended, • John I. .Sparrow's .Silkwood
Teddv."' i OfiieD ': dogs— First.-: Athol# McBean'3
BULL\ TERRIERS,
Puppy,' dogs — First, Mrs. H. H. - Brown's
Yeovllle Thornfleld. Novice; dogs — First Cap
tain E. -WE. Neil's Th* Battler; second. Mrs
H..H. Brown's • Yeovllla ThornfleJd. Limit
dogs-7-First. j;Mrs." • Charles ' K; , Harley's Ivel
Damon: second. . L. B S. 9 Greenebaum's Harry
Lacy; third. Captain E. V. E. Neil's The Bat
tler; very ¦ highly ' commended,', Dresser, : Simp
eon . & Nlehaus'-' Bully, . Open, dogSr— First,
Mm. Charles K. Harley'slvel Damon: second
Captain . E. V. , E. Nell's • The Battler. Win
ners, ..dogs — First. Mrs. \ Charles K. Harley's
Ivel Damon; '¦ reserve, L. ¦¦ a... Greenebaum's
Harry Lacy.- Novice. 1 bitches — First, Delger
Trowbrldge's ' Gres ford Ranee." Open; bitches
First, Marks - Welner*s < Clanford i Rush •' Win
ners, r bitches— Firiit. Marks Weiner's Canford
Rush: reserve, Captain' E. V. E. Nell's The
Bottler. --- • -•• -
_ Puppy, dogs -First, F. M. ",'. Blanchard's.
Prince;, second. Dr. Qulnan's Old Hall Bob
third, W. P. Burnham'8 Sunset Marvel- re
serve. VlrgirF. Shaw's Maplemont Shower, of
Gold; very highly commended. Mrs ¦ J n
Mercer's Mountain^ Duke; highly commended!
Fred S. Hobro's Ormsklrk Bill B. Novice
dogs - First. F. Shaw's Maplemoni
Shower of Gold; second. Mrs. D. J Mercer's
Mountain Duke; third. Mrs. L. W. Seely's Old
Hair Sandy: reserve, W. . P, Burnham's Sunset
Galopin; very highly commanded. Mrs Bertha
Scholtz's Kernel, highly commended Dr O N
Orlow's Borda^Lad; very highly commended)
Captain N. H. Wolff Jr.'s Niels. Limit docs—
First. \W.. P. ~ Burnham's Yarror; all' other
awnrds withheld. Open, doss — First , Miss
Delia Beach's Champion Hanover Mo'narch
second," Mrs. '¦ L. W. Seely's Old Hall Sandy'
Winners, dogs— First. Miss Delia Beach's
Champion Hanover Monarch; reserve - M F
Blanchard's Prince. Puppy, bitches — Third'
Dresser. Simpson & Nlehaus' Mignonette'
Novice, bitches— First, E.. J. Thomas' Babbie
second, Miss Dalsle E. Meek's Mollle of Nestle
down. Limit, bitches — First. S. Barnetfs
Wag; second. Miss. Daisle E. Meek's Mollle of
Nestledown. Open, bitches— First. Mrs. H'Mc-
Cracken's Presidio Lassie;' second, ¦ W -P
Bumham's Brandane Dollie. .Winners -bitches
—First, Mrs. H. McCracken's Presidio Lassie
second, S. Barnetfs Wag.
¦": BULLDOGS.
COLLIES
Puppy dogs, black— First. Percy Weeks-
Black Beau; second. Charles Rietzke's Mascot
third. Harry J. Moore's Ben. Black novice
dogn— First, Mrs. C. Hermann's Major Domo
second. Parcy Weeks' Black Beau: third F
L. Greenberg's Buhlow; reserve Mrs. A Eck
erts Captain Stub; very highly commended,
N. Macfees King Dodo; highly commended,
S« t « * x> Toy , e ? P uke - Llmlt ' dogs— First,
Mrs J. H. Brooks' Dandy; second. Mrs. Philip
G. Meyer's Glenwood Havoc; third, Dr. W O.
Toye s Duke. Open, dogs— First. James Her
vey Jones' Black Silk II; second. Mrs. A. Ron
covierl's Delverton Wonder; third. F. L. Green
berg s Buhlow; reserve. Dr. W. O. Toye's
Duke. Winners, dogs— First. James Hervey
Jones' Black Silk II; reserve. Mrs. C Her-
Sw" " A Ma r Or ,. Dor !?. 0 - BIa <* PuPPy bitches—
•* « l £ sUe Creswell's. Plumeria Sally
sffond. R- Eugene Hunter's Quee/ife- third
Miss May Boulon's Little Girl;' Very highly
commended. -P. H. Doble's HaLl * Barton
Novice, bitches— First, D. C. Brown's Wlggle" :
ESS."* ,hP5 Vl - d ,T R £ reswe »' s Bonnie ' Stack
Bess; third, Mrs. M. Bradford's Startjman
Mink. Black limit. bltches-F?rst James Her"
vey Jones' Miss Frivolity; second, P H Do
n • 'n?" l i, O » I: thlr^: D , avld P - CreW.Il" Bon
nie Black Bess Black open, bitches— First.
David P. Creswell's Bonnie Black Bess- see
ond Mrs. Philip C. Meyer's Glenwool Mafsie
Black winners. bitches-First. D. C. Brown^
giggles; reserve, James Hervey Jones' Miss
Frivolt^ Puppy, dogs-First, Delverton Ken!
nels Delverton Promise; second, William
Backwell's^Brother Goldle. Novice,- dogs^
*lrst. A. \\ol£en'e Brownie; second, Charles
O. Lyons Omo. Puppy, dogs— First, Delverton
?mm?-« n « ert °^ **> mi ™' second, Thomas
Smith s Don S. Novice, dogs— First, Miss A.
Farnof. Teddy Roosevelt: second, Thomas
w A . ¦R?" S -. Vln n e rs. dogs— First.- A.
Wolfen s Brownie; reserve. Miss A. Farno's
Victory A. Limit, dogs— First. Charles G
Lyon s Omo. Open, dogs— First, Miss A*
Farnos Victory A. Puppy, bitches— First. 'Mitts
A. Farno s Bonnie Bess;' second, Mrs R H
Atkinson's Red Bettle; third, Mrs.' J 'Leo
Park's Lady Goldle. Novice, bitches— First A
violrens California; second, Frank I Turner's
Plumeria Chic; third. R. Il/ Atkln^n's Blondy 8
m i ' x bl^ hes ~ Flrst ' Jatnes Hervey Jones'
Little Maid; second. Mrs.. Peter Molr-s Co
quette Bonnie. Open, bitches— First. Delver
ton Kennel's Little Dcrrlt; second, James Her
vey Jones Plumeria' Sapho. Puppy. bltche«—
First. Delverton Kennels' Delverton Dolores.
Novice bitches— First. Mrs. W. Ronnthwaltc's
Delverton Deborah: '¦', second, Mrs. William
Blackwell's Lady- Sehotz; third, Mrs J w
Douglass' Trlxie. Limit, bitches— First, ' DeU
verton Kennels' Delverton Tattoo. Open
.bitches— First. , Delverton Kennels' Paprika*
second, Mrs. William * Blackweli's Ladv
Schotz Winners. bltches—Flrst. Delverton
Kennels Paprika; reserve, Delverton Kennels'
Little Dorrlt. : " , . .
COCKER SPANIELS.
Novice dogs and bitches — First. L. Curran
Clark's Pompey.. Other awards withheld.
Limit dogs and bitches— First L. Curran
Clark s Pompey. Open,- dogs and bltchea—
r . 8t^, J V Stuart ' 8 Judge Casey. Winners, dogs
and bitch.es— First, L. Curran Clark's Pompey;
reserve. J. Stuart's Judge Casey .
FIELD SPANIELS
Late in the afternoon Joe King,
whose Irish setter Brian Boru was a
winner, created a .disturbance while
suffering from the elation following the
victory of his dog. The breach of pro
prieties was so marked that the offi
cials disqualified both owner and dog.
This moves the dogs placed below the
winner up one place each. The awards
made during the day follow:
Mrs. Cash Sloan sold her French bull
dog Nounou to Graham Babcock dur
ing the evening for $600.
John D. Spreckels Jr. showed Titus,
a puppy by champion Banjo, which
was full of quality. In another year,
when he fills out, he will be hard to
beat. \ Champion Banjo was in great
form and won in the open class.
The first of the specials were Judged
during the evening. Lester C won the
cup for the 'best St. Bernard in the
show. . J. H. Rosseter's Rocker was
pronounced the best greyhound. E.
Courtney Ford's pointer Boston won
the pointer trophy. J. M. Lucas' Ore
gon Jessie won the cup for the best of
opposite sex.
• Mrs. Charles K. Harley's Ivel Damon
won everything in the bulldog class for
which he was eligible, beating The
Battler and Harry Lacy. , i
As was expected, the bull, terrier
competition was the warmest in the
show. Edward Attrldge sent Edgecote
Peer, by Bloomsbury Baron-Edgewood
Queen, into the ring and carried off the
honors in several classes.' Judge Morti
mer pronounced him the best dog he
has seen in years. He said there is
nothing in America that can lower his
colors. . ,
The list of awards in the fox terrier
class seemed like a roster of the dogs
owned by Charles K.Harley, master of
Wondee kennels. Whether in novice,
limit, open or winner class, Mr. Har
ley's kennel manager, Stanley Lamar,
seemed able to turn out a terrier which
would catch the eyes of Judge Morti
mer., His .string of show dogs is.pro
nounced the strongest in the world at
the present time. The terriers were all
a snappy, sporty lot and there always
seemed a chance' for a: fight while they
were having^their turn in the ring.
Thousands of spectators visited the
bench show of the San Francisco Ken
nel Club yesterday afternoon and even
ing at Mechanics' Pavilion. There was
an interested throng about the Judging
ring at all times and the facile manner
in which Judge Mortimer performed
his onerous duties proved a never-fail
ing source of delight.
CHICAGO TASTES DEFEAT
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Brooklyn Team Vanquished
in Opening Game Before
a Crowd of 17.500 Fans
With the Athletes They Lend
a Hand to the Movement
i for the New Speedway
Judge Mortimer Praises Highly the Bull Terrier Puppy Edgecote
Peer, Which He Pronounces the Best Sent Into an American
Ring in Years— Titus a Close Second— Boston the Best. Pointer
Watkins Overton Is Backed From 20 to 8 to 1 and Defeats
The Fretter Cleverly— Velna Scores Brackets— Alice
Carey Runs Ahead of Fast Ones— George Berry Wins
CYCLERS AID
THE PARK OVAL
NEW YORK WINS
FIRST CONTEST
THOUSANDS VIEW WITH INTEREST
THE DOGS BENCHED AT THE PAVILION
ROYAL WHITE, AT 25 TO 1,
GETS FIRST RACE AT OAKLAND
THE SAN raANGISGO -CALL',. FRIDAY. APRIL, 15; 1904.
WANDEE KENNELS' TERRIERS SWEEP THE BOARD AT ANNUAL BENCH SHOW
10; Exports for Hilo.
The . baxkentlne , Addenda Is chartered ; for
lumber from Coos Bay to Sydney. The «hlp
Edward Sewall proceeds to Honolulu to load
•utar.'for New York. " .
Mattel's of Interest to . Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
XEVVS OP THE OCEAX.
The eteam schooner Brunswick arrived , yes
terday from Fort Bragg with, the bark .VI
dette in tow. i Both vessels are loaded ( with
lumber. The Vidette was towed to Fort Bragg
from this port by the tug Sea Rover.
Brunswick Tows tho V r ldetle.
The tug Rescue has been chartered by the
HIckmott Asparagus Company to help, in the
work of repairing the broken levee at Bouldln
Island. The break Is 200 feet long and 85 ftet
deep. The Rescue will be used to tow bargrs
laden with brush to the inland. The Rescue
has been out of commission and resting at
Oakland Creek for some months.
Rescue !n Commission.
WASHINGTON. April 14.— Miss
Eleanor Patterson, j daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Robert \V. Patterson of Chi
cago and Washingto, and Count Jo
seph Glzycki of Russia were married
at the Patterson family residence here
to-day. Rev. Thomas Lee of St. Ma
thew's Catholic Church officiated.
The bride was escorted to the im
provised altar by her father. She
had no other attendants. Count
Zlchy of the Austrian embassy was
best man. . The guests Included the
Russian Embassador and v Countess
Casslni, the Austrian Embassador,
Miss Roosevelt, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Medlll Patterson, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Medlll McCormlck, Rutherford McCor
mick, Mr. and Mrs. Raymond Patter
son and the attaches of the Russian
and Austrian embassies. The couple
later left for New York, whence they
sail Saturday for Paris and after- a
short visit at Vienna will go to Count
Gizychi's estate, near Staroconstan
tinove, Russia. MHPffflf
Klcanor Patterson Is United to Rus
sian Xobleman at Washington in
Presence of Many Xotablcs.
COCXT JOSEPH GIZYCKI
CLAIMS AMERICAN' BRIDti
Sim, Moon nnd Tide.
United States " Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
¦ at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. • Published , by official authority cf
the Superintendent. ' ', ¦ .
NOTE^ — The high and low waters occur at :
tho city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort* Point;,, the height
of tide is the same at both ' places.
'-. FRIDAY. APRIL 15.
Sun rises .5:34 I
Sun sets .... r. .*....¦••••••. ".V.....V. .....6:45 |
Moon sets (new) .......:....' .0:00 p. ; m. '
O iTlmel - Time v! Time Time ~~T
» j — — Ft Ft. Ft. Ft. -
« |L W| |H W |L W (H W ./•-,
15 5:06 .0.8 11:40) 4.8 5:03 1.7|11:22 O
16 5:38 0.5 12:24 4.7 5:38 2.0111:47 '6.2
17 6:19 0,2 1:10 4.7 6:14 2.31....; ....."
(H W ' L:W : |H W - L W
18 0:115 5.4 7:02 0.1 -2:00 4.3 fl:54 2.7
19 0:f>?i 5.3 7:47 0.0 2:52 *4.3 .7:41 2.8
20: .1:38 :5.3 8:40 .0.0 3:50 .,4.3 8:37 -3.1
21 3:32 -5.2 0:38 fr.l 4:52 4.3 9:50 C3.1
NOTE— In i the above exposition of ; the , tides
the '¦ early morning . tides , are given In ; the ; left
band ' column and the I successive tldei * of ttu
Branch Hydrographlo Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.
April 14, 1904.
An accident to the. Time Ball mechanism has
necessitated a temporary discontinuance of the
service.. Further notice will be 'given when
it la put In order. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
.: QUEENSTOWN— Sailed April 14— Stmr Hav
erford, from Liverpool, for Philadelphia: stmr
Mujeftic, from Liverpool, for New/ York.,.:
GLASGOW— Palled Anrll 13— Stmr Carthe
cenlan."for New. York. "' .
> LONDON— Arrived April, 14— Stmr Abydos."
from* San; e FrancUco. etc, •_ via : t Tenerlffe. for
Hamburg. ' - - - -. ¦ • ' *. ¦ ¦¦ . - ¦. ' • :t
" LIVERPOOL — Railed. April 14 — Stmr Ken
sington, for. Halifax. NS. and Portland, Me;
stmr Tunisians for Halifax and St John.". N B. 1
i BUENOS AYR.ES— Arrived :> April ,'9— Stmr
Eva. vfrom Port Blakeley. via • Coronel. -
NEW YORK — Arrived April 14 — Stmr Ce
drlc,- from - Liverpool, for New York, passed
Nantucket Ught3hlp at 1 :30 p m.
Sailed April- 14— Stmr La Torralne," for
Havre; =tmr Pi inz Oskar, for Naples and
Oenoa. . ' ¦' : ; - i A "¦ ''. ¦•':¦¦* '
Arrived April 14— Stmr Cedrie. from Liver*
pool and Queenstown; stmr Bethanla. from
Hamburg. . ¦ - , -
. LEGHORN— Arrived April 14— Stror P«ru
gla from New,' York, via Marseilles.----^- ,
> NAPLES— Arrived April 14— Stmr Princess
Irtne, from New York. via.Ponta del CJada,
for Genoa, and proceeded. •• . *¦ • - ¦
• /• Sailed Ar>ril,'14— Stmr^Nekar. for New Yo.-k.
• HAMBURG — Arrived " April *' 14 — Stmr
Deutschland. from New York, via Plymouth
and Cherbourg. ¦•¦ /, .. • ;
OCEAN STEAMERS
MELBOURNE— Arrived April l.T— Ship Fort
George, from New York. •
VICTORIA— Arrived April H— Br stmr
Aoranst. from Brisbane.
LONDON — Arrivtd April H — Ger, stmr Aby
dos. hence Dec 18.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April 14 — Br ship
Loch Cafron. hence Dec 24.
LIZAUD — Passed April 14— Fr bark Grande
Duchesse Olga, from Portland, for Queens
town. • ' ' ¦
USHANT— Passed Aorll 14 — Ger stmr Nl
carla, ' hence Dec 1 for Hamburjr. .
YOKOHAMA— Sailed April 13— Br stmr
King Chow, for Vancouver.
GUAYMAS— Arrived April 13 — Schr Fred J
Wood, from Grays Harbor. . ...
SALINA cr.UZ— Sailed April 6— Stmr Mon
golia, for San Francisco.
Arrived prior to April O— Br stmr Chlng Wo,
from Kobe, for Oregon. /
The fchip M. P. Grace and the barks Big Bo
nanza, Himalaya and Nicholas Thayer sailed
yesterday for Bristol Bay. Just before the Big
Bonanza was taken in charse by the towboat.
Captain McAImon, the newly appointed skip
per, threw up his Job to accept something more
remunerative. Captain Cameron was appoint
ed his successor and took charge without de
lay. ;:-¦-.:
Salmon Vessels Sail.
WASHINGTON'. April 14. — Mrs.
Iloosevelt, accompanied by her two
sons, Theodore Jr. and Kermit, re
turned here to-day from Groton,
Mass.. where the Roosevelt boys have
been attending school. Doth of the
boys are suffering from an attack of
mumps. They will be isolated at thl?
White- House until they shall have re
covered.
Mumps at White House.
JCEW YORK. April 14. — The fol
lowing Californians are irj New York*i
San Francisco— ,- B. McPfterson at the
Hoffman: Mrs. Oakley. Mrs. G. A.
Smith at the Grand Hotel; P. Eigholz
nt the Broadway Central; I. Manning
at the Marl borough; L. S. Myers at
the Grand Union.
Oalifornlans In New York
CHINESE CAMP. April 14. — A tim
hrrmsn named Barrios was instantly
killed to-day at the Eagle Shaw
mut mine. He was working in a
fslope with several other miners. Just
.is he stepped to a chute to get some
lagging a slab of rork fell, burying
him so completely that it required
several hours' labor to extricate yliis
body.
Rork Falls on Timberman
The British ehlp Weatgate. which was driven
ashore at Richardson Bay during the big
Koutheaster, was taken to the Union' Iron
Works on Wednesday to be repaired. The
Wertgate arrived here from Newcastle, Aus
tralia, two years ago and has been lying Idle
aver since. .
Weslgate Being Repaired.
The Austrian ship Alba and the British
ship Hilbre were added to the overdue list
yesterday, each quoted at 10 per cent. The
Alba is out 112 days from New York for
Brisbane*. The Hilbre left Philadelphia 121
days ago for Fremantle. The Latnorna is
still on the board at !K> per cent. The- Engle
horn, Notre Dame d'Arvor, ' Gaetano Casa
bona and Lamorieiere are quoted at 15 per
cent and the Marguerite Dollfus at 10 per cent.
Two New Overdues.
It Is improbable that tlie Panama liner Colon
will ever leave the beach on which she was
driven to save her from the sea. The Paclflc
Mail Company yesterday received word that
the vowel's back waa broken. Under some
circumstances there might be a chance for a
vessel so Injured, but far away as the Colon
Js from proper wrecking facilities, the chances
tTre nearly all asainst her ever belns floated.
Colon's . Back Is Broken.
MINNESOTA I MERGER CASE
. STILL REMAINS UNDECIDED
Failure to Cnll Special Session of Cir
cuit Court Delays Final
Adjudication. ~
ST. PAUL, Minn., April 14. — Con
trary to expectations which prevailed
at the time the United States Circuit
Court adjourned yesterday afternoon,
the court did not to-day convent in
open session and no session was an
nounced on the motion of Harriman
and Pierce for leave to intervene in
the final settlement of the Northern
Securities Company's affairs. The de
cision will come In the due course of
the court's business.
Many a good dinner has been spoiled
by an ill-assorted menu. The new menu
book of the 3. F. Gas and Electric Co. is
a treasure that should be In every house
hold. H' ¦ : *
NEW YORK, Aprft 14. — For the
first time in many years New Yorkers
to-day witnessed a real snowstorm in
mid-April. At one period it assumed
the proportions of a regular winter
storm and the low temperature and
biting wind which whirled the large
flakes made it most uncomfortable for
the thousands on their way to busi
ness In the city. The flakes melted as
soon as they struck the ground.
Residents "bf Empire City Forced to
Face Bitins Winds and Whirling
Flakes In Springtime.
SNOW STORM IN MID-APRIL
SURPRISES NEW YORKERS
PftTdce Questions licsality of l^nw
Gonceralng I'aynient on Bonds
PurrhaM'd by State.
SACRAMENTO. April 14.— Some
time ag:o the Stale Board of Examin
'•rn purchased STo.OOO worth of bonds
of Whittier, L#os Angeles County. The
bonflil were issued on February 29,
1SG4. and are made payable annually
'>?» the 29th day of February. The
GOVernWa office ha? discovered that
the requirement for a yearly payment
on the bonds cannot be carried out, in
\ ;o%v of the fact that the date of Feb
ruary 29 only fa!l.« every four years.
ThV Governor will require an opin
ion from the Attorney CJeneral as to
\< liftrier the money can be paid on the
first day of March.
I-EAP YEAR INTERFERES
WITH FINANCIAL DEAL
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. i From. , Due.
j I _^
Mongolia j Norfolk Apr. 15
I Mariposa j TiAlt! Apr. 1.1
I San l'edro I Humboldt Apr. 15
1 Arctic. j Humboldt Apr. 15
I Mackinaw. . . . S Tacoma Apr. 18
North Fork... 1 , Humboldt Apr. 1G
Eureka , Humboidt Apr. ltl
Porno I Pt. Arena A Albion. . Apr. 16
Umstllla I Puset Sound Ports Apr. 16
Amasls....,.' Seattle ..-. Apr. lfi
WyeHeld ttmtMiXMf* < Apr. 17
Gaelic China &• Japan » .^ Apr. 17
W. H. Kruger Grays Harbor Apr. 17
Centralla Pan Pedro Apr. 17
Spokane Humboldt Apr. 17
Iionita Newport & Way Ports. Apr. 18
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Apr. IS
S. Monica Grays Harbor Apr. 18
Alameda Honolulu i Apr. 19
CW. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Apr. Id
Atro Eel River Ports Apr. 10
Elisabeth Coqullle River lApr. 16
Pomona...... Huniboldt . [Apr. 20
Ilermonttls. . . Hamburg & Way Apr. 20
City Panama. .New Tork via Panama. Apr. 20
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulut.. Apr. 20
S. Barbara Seattto & Olympia Apr. 21
Sequoia Willapa Harbor Apr. 21
Santa Rosa... San. Diego & Way Pts. Apr. 21
Arcata Coos Bay &. Pt. Orford. Apr. 21
Point Arena. . Mendoclno & Pt. Arrna Apr. 21
KVwImrg Grayo Harbor .....—... Apr. 21
OortnaTiO -Gray* Harbor Apr. 21
Senator Pujfet Sound 1'ortg Apr. 21
SamaCruz... San Pedro & Way Pts. Apr. 22
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 22
Amer. Maru. • Yokohama Apr. 23
(J L.n5a;i*r. . CJrayM Harbor Apr. 2-'J
Oreuon Portland & Astoria.... Apr. 24
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports. Apr. 25
¦ TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails.) Pier.
April 15. ~|
Rainier...." Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm|Pier 10
Arjjo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Arcnta.... Coon B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Alliance... Eureka & Coos B. 11 am Pier Hi
City Puebla Pugot Sound Ports. 11 amjPler 8
Centennial. Seattle &• Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
April 16. I
Czarina.... Coos Bay direct.... 12 m Pier 8
Pt. Arena.. Point = Arfna 4 pm Pier '2
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier, 0
Korea China & Japan.,.. - 1 pm Pier 40
City Para.. N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
April 17. |
"W.H.Krugei Los Angeles Ports. 5 pmJPier 2
Centralla... I Gray* Harbor i.... 4 pm Pier 10
Arctic I Humboldt Pier 2
S. Rosa San Diego & Way! 9 am Pier 11
S. Crux San Pedro A Way. 9 am Pier 11
Oregon Astoria k Portland 11 am Pier 24
. April 18. I
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 0 pm Pier 2
S. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
April 19. j
North Fork. Humboldt ......... R pmlPler 20
Spokane... Humboldt. .l:30p|Pler 9
S.Pedro.... Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
April 20.
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 emiPler 0
Amasls.... Hamburg' & Way. 12 m Pier 19
April 21. j
Elfzabeth.. Coquille River .... 2 pm Pier 20
State of Cat San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Tjnlta Newport ¦& Way.. 9 am Pier 11
April 22. |
Q. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am I Pier 24
April 23. |
San Jose... N. Y. via Panama 12 mlPlcr 40
Alameda. . . Honolulu . ......... 11 am Pier 7
Mariposa... Tahiti dlreot 11 am Pier 7
April 24.
Sequoia.;.. Willapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 2
~ FROM SEATTLE. ~~"~ ~
; Steamer. For. .. I Sail*.
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 10
Santa Ana.... Valdes -&-Way Ports. Apr. 10
Bertha....... Valdez & Way Ports.. Apr 19
Kara lion Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 19
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr.' 28
ADEN. April 14. — Hadji Moham
med Bui Abdullah, the Mad Mullah,
against whom the British have been
conducting a ctynpaiffn in Somaliland,
has escaped Into Italian territory.
Mad Mullah I£scapes.
Warm Weather Melts Snow and
Causes Stri-am to J>eave Its
Ilii'i". ~ — I -amis Inundated.
IlKNO, Nov.. April 14. — The contin
ued warm weathor of. the pas=t two
weeks:, which melted the snow in In**
mountains, has caused an almost un
precedented rise in the Truekoe Ilivrr. ;
As a result Jhi» stream has left its
banks along the Truckee meado\v3 j
i<nd hundreds of a«*ros of choice po- !
\:>. to and onion lands are now under
water. There is no chance of snvinff
Hip crops, as th*» season it too far ad
v.inrod. Early in the year the same
l.'ind' was flooded, but the water re-'
ifripii in time to allow the farmers to
plant their crops. *fhis flood will
mean a heavy loss to them.
TRI'CK^K RIVER OVKRFLOW
HIIXS VALUABLK CHOPS
Movements of Steamers.
HAMBURG— Sailed A?ril 10— Ger strfir ihs,
for San Franclsco:Br;bark 'Barflllan,-*for-San
Francisco, ., via Antwerp. ¦-: „ A "
. LEITH— Arrived April 12— Br bark Orion,
hence, Nov 1. ' . - " . . "-"
HULL — Arrived April 12 — Fr bark Vin-~
cennes.- hence Nov 30. -.*. v
. HONGKONG — Arrived April 13 — Br stmr
Satsuma, from New York. .- , . * .
-FALMOUTH— Arrived,: April . 13— Fr ,thlp
Europe, from Oregon." ..' -.".- < '. v
FLUSHING— Passed April 12 — Br ,ehlp Pe
leus, • from < Antwerp.:. for San Francisco; , Br
ship Poltalloch. "- from /Antwerp, for ¦ Han ; Fran-.
ClKCO. • ~ " ¦¦ - ' - - - '"' - -* ' -- ' - ¦¦ '"" - r "'.~ f'\
SWANSEA— In port March 8 — Fr bark Marie
Madeleine (ex-Fr . bark Alice), . for. San . Fran
-ANTWERP-Sailed April 14— Bark HOnW
ward-Bound, for San 1 Francisco. ?- ; r« V
FOREIGN. PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed AdHI 13— Stmr James
Dollar, for Valdez.
Sailed April 14^ — Bark Harvester, for
Nushagak. - '
PORT HARFORD— Sailed April 14— Stmr
Santa Cruz, for San Francisco.
Sailed April 14— Stmr Bonlta, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA — Arrived April 14— Stmr Geo W
Elder, hence Acrll 12.
Sailed April 14— 'Ship C F Sargent, for
NuFhagak.
A-rrived April 14 — Stmr Grace Dollar, hence
April 11.
EUREKA— Sailed April 13— Stmr Chas Nel
son, for San Francisco. April 14— Schr O M
Kellogg, for San Pedro: stmr Noyo, for San
Francisco; stmr San Pedro, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived April 14 — Stmr Spokane, hence
April 13: stmr laqua, hence April 13; schr
Azalea, from Redondo: stmr Eureka hence
April 13.
Sailed Aorll 14— Stmrs North Fork, Arctic
and Phoenix, for San Francleco. '
ANA CO RTK8— Arrived April 5— Bark Pal
myra, hence March 22. . .
TATOOSH— Passed in Ar»rll 14— Schr Alice
Cooke, hence March 31 :• Rtmr Jeanie. hence
April 10; stmr Asuncion, hence April 11, for
Seattle. .
Passed out April 14 — Ger ship Ecuador, for
Queenstown; Ger stmr Amasls, for San Fran
cisco: bktn Portland, : for San Pedro: bktn
Mnkawell. for San Francisco. ¦
TACOMA— Arrived April 14— Stmr Mineola.
hence April 11; stmr Edith, from Port Los An
geles.- • ¦ -- • • ¦ ' ' ¦ ,-• ' • * -
Sailed April 14— Stmr Edith, for San Fran
cisco; bktn Amaranth, for Sydney.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived April 14— Stmr
Olympic, hence April 11: stmr Coronado. hence
April 11; sttnr Newburg, hencs April 11; stmr
Prentiss, hence April 11; stmr Acme, hence
April 11. . - • .. — ¦••.-.,..
Sailed April 14— Schr Novelty, for San Pe
dro; schr Re*olute. for Suva, FIJI. ••-.-¦
COOS BAY— Sailed Aorll 13— Schr Chas E
Falk. for San Francisco.- • ;
BANDON— Arrived April 14— Schr Coquelle.
hence April 11. '¦•-'• ' \ ¦ - • - ¦•-¦•}.-,-. \
Sailed April Ul— Schr 'Alpha, for San Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGELKS — Arrived April 14 — *
Stmr San Mateo, from Tacoma. ¦ ¦
SOUTH BEND— Arrived. April 14— Stmr Se
quoia, hence April 11. -¦¦-;-¦
ISLAN'D PORTS. „
HONOLULU— Sailed 'April 14— Bktn Archer,
for Sari Francisco. v 1
MAKAWELL—Arrlved I April 14— Bark Ed
ward May. from Honolulu.
: MANILA — Arrived ADrll -.12 — US stmr Bu
ford, hence March 11. • • "_¦-*-.¦•'.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 14, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW; velocity 20 miles per hour.
April .1 — Lat 34 north, long 17 west, Fr bark
Alice, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
April 3— I.at 34 north, 17 west, Fr bark
Edouard Dctaille. from Shields, for Seattle.
April 6 — Lnt 48 north, long 23 west, (sup
posed) Fr bark La Tour de Auvergne, hence
Dec 17 for Queenstown.
SPOKEN.
Stmr R'tft Newman, Verry. Bristol. Bay, via
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Aberdeen, Daniels, Astoria.
Nor stmr Titania, Egenes, Nanalmo.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson. Seattle.
Ship Tacoma. Pederson. Bristol Bay.
Ship M P Grace, Jobson, Bristol Bay.
Bark Himalaya, Thomson, Bristol Bay.
Bark Roderick Dhu. EncalU, Hilo.
" Bark Nicholas Thayer, Sparr, Bristol > Bay.
Bark Biff Bonanza, Cameron BrirtoPIJay.
Bktn Gleaner, Schmehl, Willapa Harbor.
SAILED.
Thursday. April 14.
Stmr Maggie, Cbrning Halfmoon Bay.
Htmr State of California, Thomas, San
Diego.
Stmr O C Lindauer, Allen, Grays Harbor.
Thursday, April 14.
Stmr -Ventura,'- Hayward. Sydney, via Hono
lulu: .1 D Snreckels &. Bros Co. ' •
Nor stmr Titania, Egenes, Nanaimo; Western
Fuel Company. . -
Stmr City of Puebla. Jensen! Victoria: Pa
cific Coast Steamship Company.
Ship SiiUram. Johnson. Bristol Bay: Alaska
Packers' Association.
Hark Roderick Dhu. EncallH, Hilo; J D
Spreekels *• Bros Co.
Bark Isaac Reed, Lorenz, Bristol Bay;
Alaska Packers' Association.
ARRIVED.
"Thursday. April 14.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, 2.1 hours from
Eureka. . -
Stmr Oregon, Doran, 58 hours from Port
land, via Astoria -lit hours.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, 14 hours from
Mendoclno, . via Po!«t Arena 12 hours.
Btmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 3IHS hours
from San I)I>ko and way norts.
Rtmr Westport, Smith, 21 hours -from West
port.
Stmr Czarina,' Johnson, 51 hours: from Coos
Bay. 3 • ..^-_ . , • -
Stmr Brunswick Ellefsen.. 23 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Gil)?}', Leland. 20 hours from Mose
Landlny.
Bark. Vldette, Bergman, 23 hours from Fort
Bragg.
CLEARED.
Shipping* Intelligence.
PARIS, April 14. — The Foreign Of
fice' discredits the report that nego
tiations are in progress looking to
bringing about a meeting between
President Loubet and Emperor Wil
liam.
Discredits He port of Meeting.
Join at Honolulu for Sydney— G. Austin. J.
Austin, Mrs. Austin. P. Baker, Mrs. Baker.
J. H. Cherry. Miss Ethel Cohen. A. Johnston,
Mre Johnston. J. Johnston, Mrs. Johnston,
James Nawn. Thomas Nawn, Mrs. Nawn, Miss
K. Nawn, Miss M. Nawn, J. C. Rial, Mrs.
Rial.
Sydney— Ml«s Uoyen. Mi*s Kdwardine. O.
Carroll. Maurice Farkoa. Miss Madge Chrk-h
ton. J Fraser, R. J. Grant. Mrs. Grant and
child MIfs Hobsnn. G. P. Huntley and valet.
Mrs. Huntley. MIks B. Huntlpy. A. M. Lodrr
man. Ml«s E. M. Leslie. Mlsa D. Masnn,
Alexander D. McDonald. Ambrose M. Miller.
Mrs. Miller, Mrs. L. M. • Nicholson, A. U.
Potter, Miss Elsa Ryan, S. R. Shaver. Robert
Pt George. E. T. Steyne. F. Tours, MIbs K.
Warren, Richard Charles, W. Douglas, C. M.
Manor, A. L McClean, J. N. McKenxie, Felix
Rost. William Stewart.
Paeo Pago — Miss I-. Bannerman, lieutenant
H. K. Parmenter. Mrs. Parmenter, R. E.
Cloward. J. F. Cox. S. V. McKenzle.
Auckland — O. T. Daulw<r. Miss M. Oanderton,
A. B^rCer. Morris Hyman.
She carried more than 2500 tons of
carso and passengers, among whom
were the following:
Honolulu— CV S. Barber. Miss Byrne. C. H.
Edwards, Mrs. J. Fernandez. W. A. Johnston.
J. T. McCrosson. J. H. Mearns. E. E. Mlllard,
Mrs Millard, Mis>s Claris** Mlllard. C. H.
Pierce, O. G. Sehlelcher, W. E. Shaw, Mrs.
Phaw. J. W. Stevens. Mr*. Stevens. A. Vi«
zavona. Miss Anderson. Mrs. E. II. Boyen and
two children. James Carroll. C. M. Donahue.
Mrs. M. Herkels. Mrs. J. E. I^evln. Mrs. Emma
Murphy and child, C. Russell, Mrs. Russell,
George E Sahlln. Mrs. Pahlln ahd child, W.
Feeder. I* Taylor. J. A. Turner. Mrs. Turner,
W. L Warren. C. A. Znmloch.-
The liner carried a large number of
passengers, many of whom took pos
session of their staterooms in the after
noon and early evening. All but those
with energetic friends to see them off
retired before the sailing hour and the
Ventura's decks eeemed strangely de
serted as the big vessel dropped silently
away fi-om the wharf and disappeared
in the night. ¦
The late arrival of the British Aus
tralian mails was responsible for hcld
ing the liner Ventura at the Oceanic
Steamship Company's wharf until a
very late hour last night. When the
mail? arrived, however, no time was
lost getting them on board, and within
a few minutes after the last truckload
had entered the pier gates the Ven
tura's lines were cast off and the voy
age to Australia had commenced.
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the numbrr
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
B1.158 lbs bran, 1410 cUa barley, J>29 bales hay,
100 cs S 1'kKs salmon. Wi crts potatoes, 1200
Ibj rice 20 pkgs fresh fruits, l!>r>."> lbs beans.
27 rs whisky, l.ltil.280 lb» fertilizer, 1« cs
boots and ?ht*-s, iBija ft lumber, 20 Cf> <lry
KOodp, 05 \\V.k* palntx and nils, 10 pkgg druxs.
100 c s ua*oline. 2 rolls leather, SO bdls 3 pes
Iron. 20 pkgs tnlllwork, 100 of coal oil, 7
coils roite. u'17 (rain distillate. 507". lbs tobacco,
52 pkgy pai«r, 5(570 gals crude oil.
BRITISH SHIP WHSTGATE. WHICH WAS DniVEN ASHORE IN RICHARDSONS BAY DURING THE BIO SOUTHEASTER
AND WHK'H HAS BEK.V TOWEU TO THE UNION IRON WORKS TO HAVE DAMAGE REPAIRED. VESSEL. HAS
• BEEN IDLE AT THIS TORT FOR TWO YEARS. • - ¦ . .
WASHINGTON, April 14. — The fol
lowing orders have been issued by the
War Department: Board of officers
constituted as set forth, appointed to
meet May 3 at the Presidio for the
mental and physical examination of
such candidates for admission to the
military academy, as may be authoriz
ed to appear before them — Major Wil
liam Stenhenson, surgeon; Captain
John T. Nance, Ninth Cavalry; First
Lieutenant Edward P. Rockhill. as
sistant surgeon; First Lieutenant
Pressley K. Brice, artillery corps: Sec
ond Lieutenant Edward M. Shinkle,
artillery corps.
At Vancouver Barracks, Wash. — :
Major Rudolph G. Albert, surgeon;
Captain -Harry L. Hawthorne, artil
lery corps; First Lieutenant Arthur
W. Morse, assistant surgeon; First
Lieutenant Raymond II. Fenner, ar
tillery corps; Second Lieutenant Reu
ben C Taylor. Nineteenth Infantry.
Examinations will be conducted in
accordance with instructions, which
will be furnished boards by the super
intendent of the United States Mili
tary Academy.
Myrtle C.Moulton. Los Angeles, and
Belle Craig! San Jose, have been ap
pointed copyists in the pension office.
Postmasters commissioned: Cali
fornia^—George A. Tweedy, Knox
ville. Changes in fourth-class post
masters: California — Hemlock, Men
docino County, Mrs. Francis D. C. Gu
irl, vice Paul W. D. C. Guiri, resigned;
Nimshow, Butte County, Fred G.
Walker, vice Emma M. Defour. re
signed; Paradistj, Butte County, Viola
Buckley, vice Donald A. Matheson, re
signed.
War Department Appoints Officers to
- Examine Applicants for Admis
sion to Military Academy. ,
OF INTEREST TcT^T^EOPIiE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
KANSAS CIT.Y. Mo.. April 14.— Th«
race feeling: In Kansas City, Kans.,
caused by the killing of Roy Martin,
a high school freshman, by a negro
named Gregory, "is growing In. inten
sity. To-day six negroes, who accom
panied Gregory to Jail on the night of
the murder, armed with rifles, were
arrested on a Charge of inciting to
riot, which in Kansas Is a felony.
Martin's friends, it is said, will make
a determined effort uti Monday to keep
all negroes from entering the high
school and a clash may occur.
Gregory was arraigned to-day and
held without bail for trial.
Killing of the High School Student
Causes Arrest of Negroes fotf
Inciting Riot. : ,,'
GREGORY'S CRI3IE AROUSES
IRE OF WHITES OF KANSAS
Curtis Kciulal Is Mortally Wounded
by Howard Sharp in n Nevada
Town.
11KXO. Nov.. April 14. — "Kid" Curtis
Kendal, a brother of the owner of the
January Lease, one of the richest mines
in the new and booming bonanza camp
<if G<rldfiefas. was shot at that place
yesterday by Howard Sharp, also
known as "Doc" Sharp. A bullet from
a 41-ciliber revolver literally disem
bowle.d Kendall and he carynot pos
sibly recover.
This is the first affray of the kind t<>
tako place in the new bonanza camp
aid hjvs created a profound sensation
«-ven among the hundreds of hardy
pioneers who are accustomed to wit
nessing affairs <>f this kind. The shoot
ing is the rrsult of a dispute over a
mining claim. For the past two
months Kendal and Sharp have been
fighting. Every time they met Sharp
bested Kendal. until finally the latter
threatenrd to take Sharp's life. Sharp
is under arrest.
now oviiit mink kxds
IN A SHOOTING AFFRAY
ST. PETERSBURG, April 14.— An an
archist named Kazaniff stopping at the
Hotel du Nord, on the Nevsky Pros
pect, concealed an Infernal machine in
his trunk. It prematurely exploded last
night. Kazaniff was blown to pieces,
the ceiling and windows of his room
were smashed, several persons were in
jured and fire broke .out In the hotel.
The flames were quickly extinguished.
The police found no evidence of a
plot. The man arrived at the hotel
yesterday morning with a trunk and
hand baggage. He went out In the aft
ernoon and returned at 5 o'clock, re
maining in his room thereafter. Amons
those injured In the explosion was a
naval cadet.
The police confiscated copies,of news
papers containing accounts or the ex
plosion and ordered accounts to be sup
pressed. It Is now stated that the room
in the Hotel du Nord was rented by
two persons, one of whom is missing.
A search of the ruins resulted in the
discovery of one of the victims' legs
with the hosiery still on It. and also
the lower part of a boot containing
toes.
Young Dunham decided to go also
and explain. The explanation was fol
lowed by several wordy rows as the
drive proceeded and the girl fre
quently had to intercede to stop hos
tilities. She was taken home and a
watch was set upon her, the door of
her room being locked at night.
After a few nights of Imprisonment
the girl slipped out and found her
lover waiting. A telephone message
to Rathdrum had arranged for a li
cense and other details and after a
fast drive the couple were married.
The bride Is less than 18 years of age.
Miss Jarret has a stepmother, with
whom she did not get on well, so the
girl has been working in a hotel at
Couer d'Alene. There she met young
Dunham. A few days ago Miss Jarret
was induced to visit the ranch of Dun
ham's brother-in-law while awaiting
a change of employment. Father Jar
ret came to the town and heard of the
visit. Promptly he drove to the ranch,
secured his daughter and her belong
ings and started home.
SPOKANE. Wash./April 14.— Love
has laughed at the efforts of an angry
father to prevent the wedding" of
Fannie Jarret and Charles Dunham,
both residents of the country a few
miles from Coeur d'Alene, Idaho.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Cochran attacked ex-President
Cleveland for forcing his financial
policies on the country. He said these
policies were at variance with those
of the rnajority of voters and' that
Cleveland's arbitrary way of doing
things was a menace to constitutional
government. Cleveland, he said, was
a man "whose friendship means de
struction; whose touch means paraly
sis, and whose support means dishon
or." and who had been exiled, "never
siguin to reinstate himself in the con
fidence of his countrymen." Now that
the country was returning to patriot
ism and sanity, he (Cochran) would
commend to those in charge of the
booms of certain men seeking the
Democratic nomination to bear in
mind that one of the most circuitous
routes possible or imaginable will be
a certificate of good character from
Cleveland, "late Republican President
of the United States."
In some remarks on the protective
tariff. Baker of New York character
ized Joseph Chamberlain as "a traitor
to the cause of free trade." and said
that he had been overwhelmingly re
pudiated by the people of England
because of his tariff views. He then
turned his attention to President
P.oosevelt, and said the country dur
ing: the coming campaign was going
to know who paid for the twenty-five
special trains in which he traveled
and for the food, wines and cigars
consumed. The country, he said, also
would a«k if the President could ac
cept these courtesies and still do his
duty toward bills affecting the great
railroad interests of the United
States.
Van Duser of Nevada defended the
Miners' Union of the West, and de
clared against what he said was the
usurpation of the military power.
These unions, he said, in reply to
Hogg of Colorado, neither directly nor
indirectly had aided or abetted in
murder or arson.
The deficiency bill was laid aside
p.nd the conference report on the In
dian appropriation bill was agreed to.
At 5:10 o'clock the House adjourned
until to-morrow.
"it is everywhere apparent that . we
are prosperous." But. running like a
discord through the hum of industry,
he said, there had been and is an un
dertone of discontent, which breaks out
in strikes, violence and mutual re
crimination between labor and capital,
to their injury and to the injury of
the whole population. Unprecedented
prosperity, he asserted, had forced em
ployers into active competition for la
bor to keco their plants running, and
labor, keenly alive to its opportunity,
had been pushing for a larger share
of the prciit it helps to make. The
millennium had not arrived, and there
fore the situation was presented of
union against union, boycott against
boycott and injunction against injunc
tion, while outside the lines of organ
ized labor and capital was the great
body of American consumers, vitally
interested in all that affected them, and
who. In the long run, paid the bills. -
Hamilton said it was not true that
trusts were fostered by protection, ex
cept in the sense that protection makes
good time?. The anti-trust and inter
state commerce laws both bore the
names of Republican Senators.' He
closed by saying that organized capi
tal and organized labor owe and must
render obedience to the law.
Cochran of Missouri, in a speech on
the usurpation by the executive of the
legislative power, criticized the prac
tice of a, small coterie of members and
Senators going to the White House
and conferring with the President at
his bidding on matters of legislation.
He said it had become nn uncondemn
ed custom and that "when the lead
era do this the destruction of this
body. af» a representative and delib
erative body, is complete." He took
issue with Bourke Cockran regarding
the disposition of the Speaker to re
assert the dignity of the House and
inquired "What evidence have we of
that?"
, ATTACKS CMSVELAXD.
I.ABOH QUKST1OX.
Hamilton of Michigan, in speaking
of the labor situation, said the ques
tions that trouble us were above politi
cal issues, but cannot t>e separated
from them. He said there was some
thing about the Republican parly that
sends things above par, whereas the
opposition sends them below par. From
the offices of stock jobbers to the
heights rrf political economy, he said.
WASHINGTON, April 14.— The House
to-day passed the Philippine bill, fol
lowing which there was an extended
debate over a resolution to permit Col
onel Thomas \V. Symons of the Engi
neer Corps, U. S. A., to serve tm the
advisory board of consulting engineers
in connection with internal improve
ments in the State of New York. After
several fiery speeches had been made
in opposition it was adopted by an
overwhelming vote. The general de
licicncy bill was taken up. and Hamil
ton of Michigan discussed capital and
labor, while Cochran of Missouri criti
cized the "usurpation of the legisla
tive power by the executive," and said
that ex-President Cleveland had given
the most notable instance of such
usurpation in forcing his financial poli
cies on the people. Cleveland, he de
clared, was a man whose friendship
meant destruction, whose touch meant
paralysis and whose support meant dis
honor. He declared Cleveland had been
put Into exile never again to be rein
stated in the confidence of the people.
cussion before the degree of honor
jrrand lodge was the question of hold
ine annual or biennial sessions. It was
<jts( id^d in favor of the latter. /
<jov^rnor Fardee, who has been in
attendant at the grand lodpe session
for three days, has been largely on
¦Lfrtained.
ally, or $4000 annually to the grrand
lodge. IL was decided" to discontinue
the publication. With the view of in-
Fririnp members, a premium of $5 will
he paid for every now member, or the
r« installment of a finally suspended
member, nr.d a premium of J2 50 for
the reinstatement of a member sus
pended for more t^ian lhrve months
«nd less than six months.
The most interest inK subject of dis-
FRKSNO. April 14.— The Grand Lodpe
of tho Ancient Order of United Work
men, 1n its third day's nesFion here,
has reduced tha extension fund ap
propriation to $12,000 and the board of
corporate directors was empowered to
take charce of extension work.
It has b*»*»n the custom to furnish
each member with a monthly official
paprr at a cost of twenty cents annu-
Young Woman Who Had
Been Prisoner in Her
Room Reaches Her Lover
Avers That Friendship and
Support of the Democratic
Statesman Means Dishonor
Grand Lodge Provides Prem
ium for Members Who In
crease Strength of Order
Purpose of the Stranger Is
a 3Iystery and Police Sup
press Newspaper Accounts
FATHER IS OUTWITTED
SAYS HE IS IN EXILE
COMPANION IS MISSING
PAPER IS DISCONTINUED
Extension Work Is* Placed
Under the Control of Cor
porate Board of Directors
Unknown Man Blown to
Pieces by His Own Ex
plosive in St. Petersburg
Former President Cleveland
Is Attacked by Eepresen
tative Coehran of Missouri
Cupid Scores a Triumph
Near an Idaho, Town Aft
er Considerable Difficulty
DYNAMITE ENDS
ANARCHIST'S LIFE
GIRL ESCAPES
AND MARRIES
WARM WORDS
IN THE HOUSE
WORKMEN MAKE
MANY CHANGES
, « ¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALIi, FRIDAY, APRIL 15, 1904.
Oceanic Steamship Company's- Liner Leaves for Honolulu and
the Antipodes Heavily Loaded With Valuable Merchandise
and Carrying Large Number of Passengers for Pacific Ports
DELAYED ARRIVAL OF MAILS DETAINS
VENTURA IN PORT UNTIL LATE HOUR
The bark noderlck Dhu sailed yesterday . for
Hilo with an assorted cargo valued . at $41,6C0.
Tht principal shipments were as follows: . 127
bbla flour. 64,250 lbs salt, 16 pkgs groceries and
provisions; ' 200 lbs bread, 120 cs canned goods,
2110 lbs sugar, 4S0 lbs tea, U~ ctls wheat,
11
OCEAN TKAVEL.
Steamers »eave Broadway
/7V»iiS-SoV wharves. Piers 9 and 11.
/V/ an Francisco.
/qy^tty «fc \U\ For Ketchikan, Wran^l.
I I \*K*a I I Ju^eau. Haines, Skagway.
I \ \WUa / f>tr • Alaska— 11 a. m.. Ajr.
W\ YT * a*/ 15 - 2°' **' 30 - May 5 - Chans-*
\y*s» to Company's steamers uc
N<2^JSH*£/ Seattle.
"^ For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett. B«.l-
lingham — 11 a. in., Apr. 15, '2». 25, 30. May Z.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Th-
comu to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Kureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, l:tiO
p. in., Apr. 16. 22. 28, May 4. Spokane, 1:30
p. m., Apr. 10. 25. May 1. ¦ •
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and,
Redondo). San Diego ami Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 0 a. m. ¦ ' "
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Annies (via . San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey. San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (Sau, .
LuU Obi*po). Ventura and Hueneme.
Santa Cruz, 9 a." m.. Apr. 19. (Freight only.)
Bonlta. 0 a. m , Ar>r. 21, 20, May 7.
For En*enada. Magdatena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Re-
galia. Guajrnus (Me*.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sRllln?
dat««.
TICKET OrTXCES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). U> Market lit. and Broad-
way wharves, rreisrht Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Ag«nt.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
call for and check baggage from hotelj ami
residences. Telephone Exchange* 312.
o. r. & ni. co.
OREGON' sails April 7, 17. 27. May 7. 17
and 27. GEO. W. ELDER sails April t2. 22.
May 2, 12 and 22. Only steamship lias to
PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through tickets
to all -. DOints. . Steamer tickets Include berth
and meals. St*amer salts foot of Spear st.. at
II a. m. S. F. BOOTH. O«n. Art. Pas*.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery st. : C CLIFFORD. G«n.
Asent Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
AAitanfAtt ft tf*A """""• woo*. ir»
oecamcs.s.to. sl^is
<5 S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Apr. 23. 11 a. m.
g' S ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Apr. 23,11 a.m.
S « SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
'lan'd and Sydney, Thurs.. May 3, % o. m.
J.D.SPEECKELS k BROS. CO.,AttS.,TlCittt place 613 Mir-
tot St. freight Office 329 Mamt St., Pier 7, Paciai St.
V-»i^ KOSMOS LINE.
ft>£?Vg (Mazellan Route.)
¦RSKx/ Passenger Service^ — Throuso Wlth-
WMwy out Chance. •
-^^S> i S. S. "AMAS13." 7000 tons.
Captain C. Jans-n. sailing from, -
San Francisco on or about April 20. •1904, for
London Hamburg 'and all principal port* tn
Mexico. Central and South America. For rate*
and particulars apply ai passenger of flee. «Hl
Market «t; or ,
LENDAL "M. GRAY. Manager. .
.".'.;: ".V,--i 829 Market St.. San Franciica.
C0XPiG5IE GENEEALE TRANS ATLA5TIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. jrUjw*
Sailing ,, every ..Thursday instead of
Saturday, at 10 ». m.. from Pier ii/"^-* 4^*
North River, foot of Morton st. -
;' First class to . Havre, $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $43 and upward. OKN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson .building).
New York. J F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco..
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket : Agents.
Mare Iiland and .T* 1 *^! 0 !. Steamera.
Steamer GEN. FRISB1E or MONT1CELLO—
9-45 a. m., :t:15 and 8:3Op. m.. except Sunday. .
Sunday. 0:45! a. m.. 8:20 p.,m- Leave Vallcjo"
7 • a m., 12 :30 and e p. m.; .. except Sunday.
Sunday. 7. a. m.,-4:15 p. m. Fare, 5ft cents.
Tel Main IMS. Pier 2. - Mission-**.": 4ock,
HATCH BROS.
ADVEBTISEBEENTS.
Dyspepsia
and other stomach trouble*
quickly relieved and in most cases
surely cured by the use of
fi It
This scientific jrermicide is abso-
lutely harm t ess ; it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mem-
brane of the stomach, and by re-
moving the cause, effects a cure.
Used and recommended by leading phy-
sicians. Take no substitute end tee that
each bottle bears my signature. Trialsize,
S1.O0, at druggists or by mail, from
filO Prince St. • - New York.
Sendjor Booklet Hovto Treat DUeaza.
\ FREE— FREE
TO WANT ADVERTISERS
IX XEXT SUXDAY'S CALL.
THE GLOW XIGHT LAMP.
A SCIENTIFIC WOXDER.
Invaluable for Bedrooms, Sick
Chambers, Hall, Xurserie?,
'Bathrooms,' STAIRCASES, etc.
BE SURE TO GET ONE WITH
A WAST AD X
XEXT SUXDAY'S CALL.
Premium cannot be obtained in
any other way.THE SAN FRANCISCO.*. {GALL', ..iERIDAY, APRIL : . 15. ' 1904.
12
CLAIRVOYANTS— Co«*«inrtl.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at "1104 Market
St.. cor. Turk; private readings daily,' 10 a.
m. to 5 d. m.; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in nerson; 3 questions answered, fl:
full life, $il; send'Iock of h«lr.:date of year
of birth; don't Rend currency; send postofflce.
. Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. and palm.;
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names; 1. 50c. g. $L 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg.palmlst,' clairvoyant, card
reader;when others fail try me; good readings
10c. 721 Ftanklln.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
MISS WARD gives names, dates and facts;
readings daily; not open Sundays. 917 Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23V4 6th; ; l. 25c g. 50c. : -
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26',$ • Kearny, room 20; ladies, 25c; gents, 50c.
MRS. BAU'MANN, the well-known : fortune-
teller. la now, at 317 Ellis et.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader, sit-
tlngs daily. 44S& Jessie St.. bet. Cth'and 6th.
CARPET BKAT1AT, A.\'D CLEANING.
COMPRESSED air and vacum system now
universally used in cleaning .carpets on
floor; without removal ; price moderate: S.
F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 liar-
ket st. ; tel. Main 152. Bush 479. '
WHEN you become disgusted- with you work
wnd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works.. 355-357 Tehama at.; tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St., clean-
lng & laying done reasonably.. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1SC0 Har-
rison st.: Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable, 1703 Harrison St.; tel.Mlsslon 2C3.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or. country.. ' Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Main 55S0.
COTTAGISS. TO LET. |
$11— NEW cot.. 5 rs.: $S, cot., 6 rs. 17 Roscoe
first st. to right off Crescent av: Mission cam.
CREDIT CEiOTHIEga.^
C. F. ADAMS CO. '
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason st.
CIiOTHINQ BEITOVATINO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis str, room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
CUBES BUPTTJBE.
WHO?- Hunter, 1206 Market st.; $100: rupture
cure for $10: circular explains: send for one.
DENTISTS.
DR?~GRUSS, 616 Callaghan bldg.. Market and
McAllister sts., uses the Basford obtunder;
the only device -ever Invented for grinding,
drilling and excavating teeth without palu.
Call for demonstration. Tel. Jessie 3C00.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
trom $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs: crown. $3 CO; fillings. 50e;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
EASTERN Expert Dental Co. will do jrour work
by the year and give you 12 months" credit.
10 Turk St.. over Burnett's Drug Store.
ELITE Dental Parlors. 838 Market St.; best
and cheapest office for all dental operations.
Paris Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up: fllllngs.25o
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
I floor. Phclan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. H G. YOUNG — Bridges and teeth wltn-
out plates specialty. 1841 Polk st. ;--
GOLD fillings 76c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2: no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
UKESJ'.MAKEKS AND SEAMSTRESSES
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng; double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button ani
bu ttonhole factory, 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure: eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AT home in our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study In the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departmeats. Thorough, inspiring
instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 901-
925 Golden Gate ave.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; established 18" years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; Just added 25
new typewritere: catalogue free.. -.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST.'S.
F. Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches: day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position; Gregg
' shorthand Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market st. . ' • : .
LEARN SPANISH in 2 months; classes In
French and Spanish $5 a month. • .
B. F. AMES. Teacher of Languages, ,
268 Golden Gate ave.. . cor. Hyde st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln.. mech.; sur-
vey assay, cyanide: day. ev. ; est.- 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing, 1556 Market, nr. Larkin.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers.. 13S2 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College ;Odd Fellows" bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch" typing, arith.,
spelling, writing, etc.; day. eve.; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mines&Elecfridty. 24 Post
St.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. . Special catalogue free.
SPANISH — A practical and progressive meth-
od. RAFAEL SERRANO. 530 California, r.4.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 828 Halght et.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION— Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. ¦ MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission. -nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post 's7rr^eT~^tHiiri35^
Japanese-Chinese -employment- office; fur-
1 nishes best help: contracts for farm help; etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 4215 Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese and Chinese
help. 415 Stockton Bt. Tel. Grant 168. '-.-.•
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese- Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. ,315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help;.estab. 20 years.
Tel Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.; 640 Clay.
' EMPLOYMENT. AV ANTED— FEMALE.
AT BOS Mason st. ; MRS. WALSER: Dhone
black I.'.'v! — 3 ladies as cashiers, best nf re".,
$40-$5O-$76; lady as double entry, bookkeeper,
.best-, of ref.;. $15 .per. week; chambermaids-
«": and ' waitresses, summer ' resorts, ref. ; refined
ladies ad > housekeepers;; city or. country. ' ref. ;
governess,' elocution,' music" and; painting,
ref., $35; governess, French and Latin, ref..
$25; nuraeglrl/ ref.,;$20. . * .."-¦¦;.. :
COLORED flrst-class laundress wishes a situa-
tion "In . first-class family; 'understands (the
business in all Its branches; wages $25/0 $30.
.760 Sixth st.,! Oakland. '' ;^ ";-¦..:¦;-:- ,\V ¦;;.;;
YOUNG lady wants position In office; good pen-
. man. accurate at figures; moderate salary;
; can give finest references. =• Box: 1628.) Call., ,
YOUNG German woman would like a situation
' as ; nurse' gtrl. .'Call -.at 108; South ave., be- 1
£ tween" Rlchland st.and Crescent > ave. ...
MOTHER' and - son wish , situations : ' mother ' as
. .- cook ; son 30 ?. years; -, Is . an ¦ ¦ all-round » ranch
,'hand.r; 217 : Minna st. ,: - • \.'.< . : :
A WOMAN would like;. 1 days', wasning and
¦ ironing as week." Thursday, ; Friday, and Sat-
¦ urday. iv Inquire < 958 * Mission ; st." s v-
YOUNG* lady .'. teacher I who "has - certificate i In
"¦ Colorado - would " like ¦ to ' as«ist '. In'- private
8chool.r.qall,1163iMarket st. : /• ; ,
WOMAN, 1 "* good cook. v would ' like ¦ a ; position In
small family; . city or. country. . 312 Jc3sie st.
t ""n'\f! wir^i.x T""«»U j*f m.f:— .<*'»'».
A. CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
„ \. 3 Edd y St., cor. -Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Roomlng-Houses." Hotels and
All, Kinds of. Buslncss'Chances.
190 rooms; ; new and .' elegantly ; appointed
apartmpnt-hcuBe; swell location; long lease;
cheap.rent^.oart; cash, -balance. made out of
house i without interest. .'
JO Tooms;;" ElUs;-. newly furnished;; rent $40;
apartrients; $200 down, balance $20 per month,
no Interest; : must' be sold on -account' other
business; price $728. v- •
( 75 rooms; new, modern-buUdlng; elegant fur-
nishings; cheap rent; close in; will clear $400
per month;. $5000 down 'balance can be paid
out of house; tee this. . ' :
17 rooms; rent only' $70; oak furniture; Ax-
minster carpets; fine location; clears $80; fine
t*uy, . . ¦ .. . ' ¦ * .., .
29 rooms: central; cheap rent: well fur.: some
housekeeping; lull; will take flat. In exchange.
12C rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; -beautiful furniture; .2 entrances:
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear Investigation.
21 1 rooms; corner; rent only $85; oak fur;
good carpets: housekeeping: all full; clearing
$•0 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady;
price $1600.
60 rooms; n*w; modern apartment-house: 10-
yenr kase; cheap rent: clearing $250 to $o00:
very central; flrst-class proposition, ; >.
11 rooms. Ellis st.; close In; oak furniture;
moqutt carpets; part cash, balance time; price
$6R0. • ¦ .
105 rooms: eheaD rent; new and elegantly
furnished: up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar: can be run in conjunction If desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of house; other business Inter-
ests demand Immediate departure. - . - "\ ¦
126 rooms; rent only $4 per'room: new and
up-to-date house; all men: electric elevator,
lights; Irng lease;, clears $400 to $500 per
nv.nth; 0:10 of the best buys In the city.
19 rooirs; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
20 rooms; cheap 'rent- . close In: thoroughly
respectable;, all full; clears $100; part cash.
30 rooms; rent only $150; oak and cherry
fur.; fine carpets; close in; fine money-maker.
220 rooms; "new and up-to-date ' apartment-
house: luxuriously furnished; • 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting: grand new building; clear-
ing $juO to $600 per month; obliged to l«ave
city.
11 rooms; rent $40; close in; oak. cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all
expenses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
46 rooms.; n>nt only $65; well located hotel,
south of Market; fine bar; well stocked; brick
building; jlectrlc lights; everything good con-
dition; part cash, balance time; price $2500:
will exchange, this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
40 rooms: elegantly furnished; rent only $250;
oak and mahogany furniture: 60 boarders:
clearing $250 »er month; close in; flna buy;
price $<J0OO.
9 rooms; sunny flat: rent $50; oak. mahog-
any fur.; obliged to leave city; reduced to $650.
28 rooms: elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
18 rooms; rent $85: well furnished: all new;
$G00 down, balance lii per cent; fine buy; only
$1250.
25 rooms; rent only $60; north Market; all
full: clears $100 per month; price $1800; will
exchange for small chicken ranch.
106 rooms; new; most elegantly appointed
family hotel In city; all full and clearing $400
to $600 per month; books open for Inspection;
obliged to leave city. ,
7-room flat: rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350*
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house In San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
em building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ing $100 Der month: 5-year lease;, part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
8 rooms; fine upper flat: rent only $30: can
be had by paying- $150 down, balance time;
$450. . ' • .
18 r^oms: rent $85; north Market: close In;
good money-maker; reduced from $1600 to $1100.
90 rooms; part offices; elegant 'new building
and furniture, high-class location: beautiful
halls; everything modern; flrst-class grill In
connection; best proposition in city; called East.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak' and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
23 rooms; well furnished: flrst-class tran-
sient house; 2 blocks oft Market; 5-year lease;
clearing over $100; good buy for some one.
31 rooms; rent $110; all light rooms: clear-
ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap; only $X0O
to get In; must leave city at once; price $1300.
128 rooms: cheap rent; .lorfg lease: flrst-
class up-to-date downtown hotel; well fur-
nished; clearing $500 to $600 per month; must
sell on account of other business; only with us.
16 ROOMS and 2 baths; nicely furnished; rent
$50; clears $40; rents well; -leaving city and
must sell. 1126 Howard st. ..
SMALL lodging-house 7 rooms and bath; nlce-
' ly furnished; $250; call afternoons. 230A
Third st. - ... ; r- ¦ ¦'.¦¦¦ - '
Sri RITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
& business med'm, read dally $1: dev'p'g class
Thurs. 8 p.m.; tel. Geary 084; 1006B Q.G. ave.
A MATERIALIZING seance Friday and Sun-
day evening*;. 60 cents. . 328 Ellis st.
MRS. LESTER'S test circle 8 p. m.. 10c; read-
Ings dally. 25c and 50c. -122 Taylor st.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
elate-writtr. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
j , CLAIRVOYANTS.
THE FUTURE REVEALED.
THE PAST DISCLOSED, V
THE PRESENT ANALYZED
• BY LIVINGSTONE.
423 Eddy . st. . -
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S. readings are like
a living page of Flammarion's treatises that
is so electrifying the world * to-day. HE IS
NO IMITATOR. His work is upon original
lines; PURE THOUGHT. CLEAR VISION.
He TELLS YOU WHAT - YOU DESIRE TO
KNOW, AND WORKS IN THE OPEN
LIGHT. AND IS AS CONSPICUOUS , FOR
ITS WONDERFUL OCCULT ANALYSIS AS
IT IS FOR ITS ORIGINAL EXPRESSION
AND VIVID TRUTHFULNESS.' ¦¦¦¦-
A test reading is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full life reading, for $1. A test Is
of little value when the mind Is troubled—
you need more substantial aid and advice.
This is Just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE
. gives you when you call on ¦ him for a flrst-
class clairvoyant reading. He . asks you no
questions, but tells you. what: you wish to
know. . .- ¦ ..-¦.-¦¦
Ho does not mention all the ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts In your case. Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you., find the causa of trouble and
suggest the remedy. ¦ .
) Remember the number — 428 " EDDY ST.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p.. m. .
ASSURED SUCCESS FOR YOU.
.' •; Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 reading this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 v$l $1 - $1
No charge . .¦ . No charge
\ '.Unless you obtain the Information for
s which you consult hlm.r- . ;
PAUL DESTINE, '
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco.'
Read carefully. An honest proposition."
-(You to be full Judge.) ;... v . ¦
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make 10 charge If I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for;. I «tell you If
husband, wife or lover Is true or; false; who
and when you will marry; how to gain the love
of the on» you desire; "in fact," I will tell 'ou
every; hope, fear or ambition better .than . you
can tell yourself: his advice is reliable, his pow-
ers ar** wonderful and indisputable; he-Im-
proves your character ; so ; that you . will reach
the highest ¦ possible development In -mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling -power Implanted In
your nature; so you can change. the Intentions,
actions or habits of any.'one, secretly; • cures
disease and lost- vitality; gives advice on min-
ing and burled treasures; gives you success 1 in
life; ! he guarantees < you success , or ,: charges
nothing for his services. .: ... ...
. .10 a. m. 10 * p. m.; Sundays, 2 to 6.' .,
'.v:' .,326 — O'Farrell street-r-326. ..'¦:"
A--Mlss M. W'UIe. 400 Geary, clairvoyant crys-
tal seei and life reader." will tell; you exactly
. what you called ' for without ¦ asking » a 1 ques-
; : Ccn. : names given; special, $1: hours 10 to H.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly.
: advice: given on air affairs of life; satlsfac-
' tion guaranteed : * 25c up. -v 17; 3d; next , Exam.
A— MME. v RAVEN NA1 reads \ We; business ad-
; * vice : i names gi ven ; ; 25c : up. v 835 ; Howard at."
FURXlTtIRK 'FOR SALE.
CHEAPEST. place to buy furniture, stoves and
household coods: flats bought. Mission Auc.
House, "429-430 Valencia; tel. Church 38.3.
KIKMTUKE WAJITKU.
- - . ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1133 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sMl your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.- until you get hia estimate.
WANTED — A box couch; not over 5 feet U.rg
and 2 feet wide; state price asked. Box
2750. Call office. .
CHAS LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
nlture. carpets, etc. 7S2 Mission; tel. Bush <6».
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices .furni-
ture, carpets, etc.: tel. Larkln 3631. B34 Ellis.
A. WOLLPERT.' 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
B. T. SCHELL. 2412 Mission, tel. Church 5570^
pays best prices for furniture, carpets, etc.
HIGHEST prices^for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctioneer. 1S18 Mkt. ;tel. Howard g75«-
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
2 COOKS, small hotels ...$:«»
5 cooks, little washing, city $3O-$33
3 second girls, city and country * =0 "?Si
Companion to Invalid, some second work. $-5
3 waitresses, hotels. ' $25-530
Eastern second *irl. 2 in family *>O
Nurseglrl, 16 months" babjr »3O
3 nurseg Iris $15-*2O
Ironer for laundry. ?10 week
Cleaning woman for Institution-. $20
I Chambermaid *' M
44 general housework girls, city and coun-
. try - $20-$25-$30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
6 CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A flrst-cla«a cook for prl. fam. in country. $50
A waitress and 2d girl, small fam.. city, $30
A parlor maid and waitress, also a house-
maid for same family. San Mateo, $-5
each; see party here.
A nurse for an infant, country, *-3
A cook for a small Institution in city, $3O
A cook for a boarding-house In city, $30
A good cook for help's kitchen. $30
MISS PLUNKETT'S. 425 Sutter St.. nr. Powell.
A woman with a little girl as working house-
keeper on a ranch: wages $20. Call at MIS3
PLUNKETT'S. 425 Sutter St.. near PowIL
AT 60S Mason «t., MRS. WALSER; phon^
black 15.T3 — Woman for cooking and general
housework, 5 In family. $50; cook for Alaska.
$40; cook. 7 grown people. $20. ¦
OPERATORS ON COTTON A DE PANTf.
STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH
AND GROVE STS.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdressln».
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary St.. room 131 ¦
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son: both seasons taugnt from start to finish
In 1 month for ?15: r>osltions a» trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdressLng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket st..'cor. Jonrs, room JH; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A FEW bright women wanted to call, on busi-
ness men. etc., everywhere: experience un-
necessary; you will miss the beet chancs
you ever had to make' money fast unless you
write at once; every day's delay Is money
lost. Address box 1122. Call office.
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladles' under-
wear: good pay and steady position. 658
Mission st.
A — OPERATORS on ladle*' wash skirts; good
pay and steady position. 056 Mission sc
A— OPERATORS on ladies' waists; good pay.
656 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED waitresses wanted at 7 Ninth
street.
WASH woman wanted. Call at 925 Golden
Gate ave.. fourth floor.
GIRL for general housework and assist in
bakery. 1794 Halght st.. corner Stuader.
WOMAN to work. In rooming-house;, mornings
only. 324 Bush st.
WANTED — A flrst-class operator on cloaks and
suits at BARON'S, ladles' tailor. 762 Market.
GIRL feeder on platen press. 516 Commercial
street.
A YOUNG lady to do dressmaking: must have
experience. Call 1132 Kentucky st.. nr. ISth.
WANTED — A young girl to assist in cooking;
wages $20; references.. Flat 1740 Bush st.
PANTS finishers wanted. 245 Seventh st.
GIRLS wanted who are experienced In wrap-
ping; good wages and steady position; apply
between 9 and 10 a. m., or 12 and 1. L
MAGNIN & CO.. 43-63 Ellis st.
LADIES who are competent fitters; apply be-
tween 9 add 10 a., m. I. MAGNIN & CO..
43-53 Ellis st.
EXPERIENCED jacket and skirt makers for
ladies' suit department: apply between 0 anl
10 a. m. I. MAGNIN & Co.. 43-53 Ellis st.
WANTED— Pants finishers. Apply S. N.-WOOD
& CO., 27 Geary st.
MACHINE girls wasted to make linings and
breast Dockets in coats. S. N. WOOD 4
CO.. 27 Geary st. .
WANTED — Cigar box paster; paper box work-
er would' do; also an apprentice. Apply
ELLIS & GANTADINE. 226 Fremont «.
GIRLS wanted for folding and binding.
I UPTON BROS.. 17 Fremont st.
GIRL 10 or 16 to help with light housework
and tend baby. 477 Shotwell st.
EXPERIENCED makers and apprentices
wanted In millinery store. 692 McAllister at.
WANTED — Waist, skirt and sleeve hands at
MME. GREENE'S, 331 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Young girl for general housework*"*
need not cook.. 1S31 Eddy st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A^pXciFICEMPLOTMENT AGENCT, " r n
626 MONTGOMERY ST.— 526.
Phone • Main 1191— UPSTAIRS.
8 more CARPENTERS — NEW ' WORK —
long Job. good wages — CARPENTERS.
FREE FARE FREE FARE
' 15 more laborers, near city, $2 day. •
SAWMILL CO. NORTH BY RAIL
10 laborers (you'lll : do), go to-day. $2 day:
10 boys, box factory, same company. $1 65
day; blacksmith, small country shop; dtsh-
¦; washer, city, $25 fd., German; 5 ranch hands.
$26-$3O fd.; 3 orchard hands. $30 fd.; handy
* man. rar.ch. boss here; head waiter, country
hotel; 5 laborers. 10c fare. ' $2; 2 machine
miners. S hours, $30. NORTH.
STABLE '.boy. private . family, $20 and' found:
milkers, $35 and $40 and found: farmers.* $25
and $30 and found ; farmers and wives. - $40.
$45 and $50 and found; gardeners, $30 and
' found: 2 Jobbing blacksmiths. $3 and $2 50
day and board; 2" wagon-makers (country
shops), carriage blacksmith. $3 to $3 50 day;
cheesemaker. $40 to $5O and found ; teamster.
$1! 50 day: laundryman for Institution.' $33
and found: fry cook. $14 week; baker's
helper, $20 and $25 and found: waiter. $23
. and found; janitor, $40; dishwashers; 2
waiters for laborers'- ' camp. $30 and found,
ar.d others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S
Sacramento st.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCT.
;» 14 Third St.: phone Bush 4C5.
. NEVADA.
GOVERNMENT WORK: 8 HOURS.
Teamsters, laborers and drillers. $2 to- $2 50
a day;- ship dally;' fare refunded; 2 years'
work.
4 ranch hands. Sonoma County, $28 and fd.
R ranch hands. $32 50 a month and board.
2 ranch teamsters. $35 and board.
Still man, oil refinery. $90 a month.
Mixer or hodqarrler. $•> a day. ¦
Carpenters, near city, 8 hours. $3 50 a day.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCT."
05 THIRD ST. — Telephone Main 5521.
Man and wife' for dairy, near city. $60, board.
5 laborers for roadmaklng,' short way from
city. $2. .'.'¦
ft ranch hands, near city.-$l and board.
Teamsters for Nevada. $2 25.
' i.A borers for "Nevada. $2.
HORD & SMITH.
ANDRE'S office. HtT^ Stockton st. — Farmer
and wife to cook for men on a ranch, south.
' $50; night Janitor. $40; broiler," $70:- cook,
plain, hotel. Nevada County, fare paid. $60;
pantryman. - $6 a week ; porter. Institution.
¦ $20. and found, etc.
A— HOTEL Gazette. 2G Montgomery st.. r. *12
•Porter, country house. , $30; second porter,
-city. $25.
A GOOD tailor - wanted for bushellns. ' SZ>
. Slitter. St., flear. Leave nwcrth.
MAN with good sight to tak<»" charge or shop.
Mr. Barnyard, barber shop, St. Francis Hotei.
WANTED— Youth for a flower store. Apply at
. .317 Suttcr st. ¦¦¦¦;.. -- . ¦;*
SOLICITOR for merchant' tailor: good tnftuce-
ments. . 1125 Market st.. bet. 7th and 8th«
BARBER ; shop for sale, cheap. '• 3250 MUsTon
I ATTOItXKY-AT-LAW— Continued.
I DIVORirH^Costyr^r:~quhk. <iuiet; advice
; frre; open ivMilags. 1)27 Market 5t.. rm. SOL
I L. S. CLARK, U27 Market t-t.; consultation
free; no 1'eey in edvani*; o|>*-n ovenlngs.
chaxces.
A— S'i'CO; GRILL and Iwrroom. with S-year
lrast.-; rent 5>."<u; the leadt'iK business o: it?
! kind in manufacturing town about <;0 mllen
fr»>m S. F. ; a rare chance tor any live man
«lio wUhes to make money: value in sight.
Call It. G. WILK!:. -Jtni Kcarny st.
A— $45o7~DELICATEfc'SEN and pork store;
about 1 block' t-outh of Market: sales average
f.V.0 per munth; owner has another busin?ss
y.r.d must sacrifice. Call R. G. WILKE. 264
i Kfarny st.
I A— $12r.0: CORNER grocery etore on Kearny
St.; fuli value in Blg&t: a splendid chance
tor an Italian. Call H. G. WILKE. 'Jli< 3
Kearny Et.
A — $750; SALOON on Montgomery *t. : place
established years; owner clearing about $123
l>er month; investigate; a bargain. Call R.
G.. WILKE. 2ti'j Kearny St.
A— $760; CORNER saloon on Howard St.: safe.
cash remitter, pool table, etc.; rent $30; 2
rooms; position of $-0o per month accepted
by owner cause of sale. R. G. WILKE.
2<S' 2 Kearny »t.
A — $.;O(MJ; CAFE and grill room in one cf the
best located hotels ol this city; rent $100; a
¦pleodid chance for an active young man
1-cr.civins ht<> business: : lease: liberal terms
given. Call R. G. WILKE. 2i!Vi Keamy st.
A — ir.CO; ealocn. close to Mason and Market;
rent $110: a ;.lare established years and doing
a tirst-clafes paying business; value in sight.
See R. G. WILKE. 2Ci,» Kearny. .
A— $:C50; comor saloon on witter front: rent
SSii; gocd lease; plsce established years: in
large brick building ar.d doing an Al busi-
ness; disagreement <'f partners only cause of
pale. R. G. WILKE. 2li^ Kearny St.
fe~-C3000 — DRl'GSTOriK iIopp tt> Call building;
estab. 1"> years: *ve!l i>ay::!K: value in s-tock;
a \c\y rsire chaace fVr good druggist. Se<?
R. O. WiLKE. 2'i'j Koarny St.
A- «3000^CORXER saloon; close to Call b!dg;
."> yt-ais' loam?: net rent $12<'; this is one of
the best saloon location* in this <-ity, and
a live man can clear JCrt'-O t>?r month. Call
R G. WILKE. 2fi' 2 Kearny St.
A- *l<«>0— SALOON and li.juor *tore on Sixth
t=t.: rent $50: business o K. but owner is en-
gas«i in other business; must sell at once.
R. G. WILKE. -Jti'a Koarny St.
A — Sir><:0 — (TiFFKE.ica ar.d crockery more: one !
of the loading Itusinet-'SPS of this kind and in
choicest location in this city: rent Scv<; all ,
cash trade; ttoc-k will Invoice ?4m>0; a \ery
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 20'j
Kfarny si.
A — $1:100 — CORNER- cigar stand on Kearny:
r«nt $S5: lease; a pood business: come and
investigate. R. G. WILKE, .2tt>i Kearny st.
Al BLOCK of land. ."OOjOOO, in San Leandro.
with h ouse of 4 rooms; income SiUO per
year from fruit; will exchange for dairy
ranch. Call II. G. WILKE. 2l>4 Kearny et.
A— M000— CORNER grocery and bar on Larkln
st.. doing a fine cash business; value in
s iRht; fret-h Mock: no hater location in this
i!i>. See R. G. WILKE. 20U Kearny st.
A — $2(*>0 — COFFEE Balooa and restaurant on
waterfront, tics? to Markrt et.; place ei-tab-
lis-hod years and well paying; daily receipts
about $eo. Call R. G. WILKE. 2«» 3 Kearny.
A— $1100— SALOON, with 3 rooms; close to
Kearny and Bu?h Bit.: rent $75; lease; place
easily clears f?O<> i*r month; nice fixturfs,
choicest eiock of liquors. All particulars of
R. G. WILKE. 2t> l s Kearny st.
A— $1750 — CORNER crocery and bar on
Ol-'arrell st. : place kept by present owners
8 years and doing a good paying cash busi-
ness; fresh stock; \a'u- in sight. R. G.
WILKE. ir.'i Keamy st.
A— $050— CORN ER bakery. with 4 fivlng
room*: a bom " blocks north cf Market St.:
will be sacriflctd If sold at once; owners to
leave city. Call R. G. WILKE. 2t>H Kearny.
A-jT750 — CANDY store and Ice cream parlor?,
with stationery, etc.. on Devlsadero st.; 3
living rooms; a splendid location and good
business. See R. G. WILKE. 2<i'i Kearny.
A— $3000: COAL, hay and grain yard: on Geary
Ft.; rent $40; lease; 3 horses. 6 wagons; busi-
TfPF estab. years: investigate at once: a rare,
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 20^ Keamy st.
A — $1200: . COFFEE saloon and bakery In
choicest location: rent $S0; daily receipts
about $70; a good business, but tlckness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26'i Keamy st.
A. CAMERON~* CO Phone South 1050
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market arid Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $.150 to $1000
Candy and icecream parlors $200 to $2500
Barber shops $500 to $2500
Cigar fitands $£S0 to $2000
Groceries and tars $500 to $5000
Saloons $30U to S1U.O00 '
Restaurants $3M> to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $1000
Drug stores $2iX*> to $COO0
Delicatessen stores t $250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
A FIRST-CLASS opportunity for drugglht or
doctor; fine location for drugstore; good fix-
tures, counters and thowcase; rent only $60;
business already established; with 6 rooms
and liath In rear; elegantly furnished
throughout: everything complete for house-
keeping of the best quality: price $1SOO.
CAMERON i CO.. 3 Eddy ft.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mines; fine prospect;
located in Cal.-; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rms.-houpe or business.. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort; fine
groves; 3<)-room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease: raise own hay, vecetables; all
kinds fruit; rent $500 per year: equity In
thlti Sl'500: death In family cause of sale.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants in city;
cheap rent: receipts $75 to $100 day: will
bear Investigation; price $15C0. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy et.
FOR rale — Ladles' furnishing and fancy goods
business: cheap rent: well located; estab-
lished 12 years: w!U Invoice SSOCO; sickness.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Half interest In good paying, swell
little rcstaurart: obliged to leave city; a
tnap at ?275. CAMERON & CO.
T. J. DUNN & CO., 1312 Market Kt.
Business Hales Agents. Suite 203 Callaghan
bldg.; l'h^ne Howard S468.
We are established about two weeks.
We look before we advertise.
We let you look afterward.
Just as advertised, that you will find; if
we can afford to advertise, you can aJTord
to look; costs you nothing; cigar stand,
centrally located: Invoice $400; rent $50; two-
year lease; price $400. DUNN & CO.
ROOMING-ho'jse. close In; 14 rooms; rent $60;
$700; part cash, part mortgage. DUNN&CO.
BUSINESS, sales and rcmmleflon office; half
interest for Fale: established 15 years; only
littl" m-jney required: youth, activity ee-
sentlal. DUNN & CO.
WE have customer who wants dairy ranch,
stocked and furnUhed. with 1 milk route in
n»ar-by country town. Write or phone
DUNN & CO.
$350 SECURES interest in llrht office work
whereby party can easily clear $90 monthly;
references exchanged: experience not neces-
sary; live man wanted; bona fide proposition.
Particulars 1007',i Market St., room 1.
$125— PARTNER wanted In broker's and In-
surance office; exi>erience not necessary;
mufi have nome references; good opening.
1007' 2 Market *t.. room 1.
A — OYSTER and chop hous*; 14 tables; pri\'ate
rooms, connected on second floor; elegant bar-
gain; paying business: must be sold; good
locality; established 20 years. H. DOYLE, t
1023 Market tt.. above Sixth.
BUSINESS chance that will stand Investiga-
tion; barber shop, cigar stand and bootblack
stand for sale; one of the finest furnished
shops in Ssfl Francisco; cigar stsnd well
stocked; 7 living rooms upstairs; sublet -4;
clears over $200 mo.; price $2200 cash. Ad-
dress box 1j34. Call.
I GRASP this opportunity— Livery and boardlng-
, stable, doing a flourishing business, clearing
; $*Oo monthly; thorough investigation; books
«.>P«-n for inspection: amazingly low price.
I $::5O0. H INKLE Y. 1020 Market st.
FOR sale— ScveJ* thousand range horses, good
stock, % Including rangn and home, pastures 1
and buildincs, in Washington. Address box
jtiCO. Call of flee.
A GROCERY store for sale; good family trade;
owner retiring from business; rent reason -
nble; 15 years In business. Owner, 1231 Park '
et., Alameda. Cal. • .
MILK men. attention"^ milking cows with
or without pasture. 'dairy outfit complete; get
a move on If ' you want them. Apply Sis
Groxe. bet. Webster and Flllmore. morning.
A SNAP— For tale, the well-known little Del
Monte coffee. Pan Mateo; established a-year*;
' lame dining-room: living rooms attached:
reasons, reti-ing from baslness.
FOR eals — Paper route, of 800, papers daily,
in connection ' with stationery and large list
of periodical subscribers; best cash town on
v coast- Address box 3040. Call office.
NOTICE, hotel, men, notice — Furnished hotel,
24 beds, with bar; mining town: give 3-year""
leas*; rent $50. G, A. SPARKS, Redding, Cal.
EMPLOYMEXTWASTKI)— PK>lAliR.
WOMAN would like a situation to do general
housework for a small family:' kind' to chil-
dren: moderate wages; references. Box 1826.
Call office. ' . . - : '. t
A RELIABLE woman wants housawork In
private family -no objection to children;
city or country: wages $20. 270 Jessie st.,
near Fourth. ......
WANTED — Work by a competent, woman;
- would like daughter with her, who can work
for her board. Call 1163 Market st. ¦
A GERMAN girl seeks employment with small
family; 7 plain cooking and housework: no
washing. » Address 629. Commercial st., Swiss
Hotel.
SITUATION wanted by an Eastern lady as
- second matron or liousekeoperMn an institu-
tion, or would teach children housework and
sewing. Box 1560', Call office.
WANTED — Mending; keep ladles' . muslin un-
derwear In. repair; stockings darned; reason-
able; references. Address MRS. C, 593
O'Farrell st. ¦ -
BY a reliable girl, a situation -for light house-
work and plain cooking for 2 or 3 adults;
wages $25. Inquire 219 Seventh st.
REFINED girl would like a position to assls:
with light work in San Rafael; 'good sewer. <
Box 1587, Call. .
YOUNG lady would like to do washing and ;
houaecleanmg by the day. K. BOUNlCKA,
I 321 Ellis st. • .
DRESSMAKER — The very best; want* en-
* gagements; high-class. Address Artistic, box
1583, Call. ' ' ' '_ i
MOTHER and son wish situations; mother ds
cook; son 30 years. Is an all-round ranch
hand. 21". Minna st. ' '
STENOGRAPHER, expert, operator; accurate
and reliable: law and general work; city
references. Box 3513. Call- office.
SCANDINAVIAN girl, with flrst-class refer-
ences, wishes position to do general house-
work. Box 1580, Call office.
EXPERIENCED lady would like position as
saleslady in bakery, or cashier. Box 15C9,
Call office. : -
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes a position as
housekeeper. 300 Third St.. room 18.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads ani subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. t>33 McAllister st.
¦ — — — — — — — — — — ¦—^
EMPLOVMK.\r WASTED— HALE.
BY advertising man; not a novice; eight years'
experience in East; good local references as
to character and ability; has been a news-
paper man for number of years In the ca-
pacity of reporter and editor; inventive and
ingenuous; ace 35; married, with family;
will accept position for three 'months at
nominal salary, results then to determine
amount of wage. Address Advertiser,
2215 Flllmore street.
1 BUTLER, German, very excellent references
from one of our best city families, wishes
situation. Can be found at J. F. CROSETT
& CO.'S. 334 Sutter st. '
STENOGRAPHER, young man of ability and
wide experience, competent to take entire
charge of correspondence of wholesale house;
general office man; understands systematiz-
ing of business. Address box 1630. Cal>.
AUTOMOBILE to drive and care for by expe-
rienced, sober. Industrious man: private fam-
ily; country preferred; fine all around fel-
low; best references. Box 1598, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS machinist and engineer wants
position: age 30; has 12 years' experience tn
the line; is also good draftsman. Box 1624,
•Call office. '"
GARDENER wants situation; competent to
grow a mixed collection of orchids; best of
references. Address box 1579. Call office.
WANTED — A man with over 20 years' ex-
perience in logging, railroad construction
and timber estimating would like a position
as traveling agent to look up timber land or
take charge of extensive logging operations;
references. Address C, box 1187, Call office.
MAN and wife would like situation on private
place where woman could wait on table or
take care of children; would go to summer
resort: references. Address JOHN BAKER.
958 Mission wt. . .
WANTED — Position by respectable, middle-
aged, educated man. strictly temperate,
good penman and correspondent, with several
years' experience In the general grocery
business. Box 1586. Call.
WELL educated middle-aged man, speaks
and writes English. French, German fluently,
general business experience, seeks work
(clerical) about place: care Invalid; anything;
email wages. Box 1572. Call office.
YOUNG man from the East would like a situa-
tion as salesman; good experience In dry
goods also the jewelry business. 'Box 15'-5,
Call office.
AN artist . understanding the business would
like to renew old paintings; can patch up
cracks and holes and make It look like new.
Telephone Howard 3031.
A SOBER, middle-aged man wants steady em-
ployment of some kind; good worker;, small
wages. Box 1592, Call.' ~"
A COACHMAN, gardener, butter-maker and
¦ milker; raising of chickens: willing and
obliging. C. K.. 506 Washington st. ,".- ¦;¦.
HOTEL, store 01 large building i carpenter;
handy mechanic; reasonable: good refer-
ences, etc. Box 1590, Call office.
COACHMAN (English), competent, reliable
. man. excellent references, seeks position. Box
1582. Call office.
EXPERIENCED and reliable grocery clerk
and . bartender, married man, desires , posl-
I tlon In country. Address v box 3017, Call.
A PAINTER, paperhanger and tlnter wants
work: rates reasonable, or by the day.
Painter. .737 Harrison st.; basement.
YOUNG man (20 years of age) desires a posi-
tion as stenographer; good references. 972
Chester, st.. Oakland. ..'^ !/¦'-' '
WANTED — By young man (22 years of age)
position as stenographer; best of references.
972 Chester St., Oakland.
RESPECTABLE Japanese wishes position In
private family; would like to take care of
horse, and cow; wages $25 per month: speaks
English well; city or country. Box 1C01. Call.
JAPANESE couple want positions, man as
cook and wife for general housework. U.
FUJU. US Eddy st. ' - .^<:.
JAPANESE boy wants situation to do cook-
Ing, small washing and windows; $0 week.
C. I. TANAKA. 1410 Pine st.
JAPANESE couple want position: man Is
cook and wife for general housework. . Ad-
dress A. FUJII. 118 Eddy st. '
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109tf
.Valencia st. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor*.
~j FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed In our free renting department;. over 1000
In number; a combined list from all agencies;
- let ua give you a list and help you to find a
place; we ne\er fall; service, free. •
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST..
• , OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
f - * *
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely r free; take advantage of
; this' department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.
EIGHTEENTH, near Valencia— New flat. 5
- rooms and bath; all modern improvements;
' $27 50.
Sixth, near Bryant — Two flats of 4 rooms
each: $7 50 each. Apply to G. A. LEROUX.
29 - New Montgomery st. * - :
LAKE St.. near Ninth ave. — Two new 6-room
flats; rent (25 and $30.
DOWNTOWN upper flat: sun all day; marine
view; U rooms;; bath: $35. 7<w}j Fine st. •
RAUSCH. 32 A— Threa sunny rooms; large
"yards. ¦"•.-.¦ ... . ' - . -, ¦ ; -,.
HAYES. 057—4 rooms. ; bath, water, garbage.
Janitor; hall lights free; see to-day; moderate.
FJ.ATS TO ". LKT— FUHMSHED.
FURNISHED 'flat for sale or rent. 3}£'Mon-
;. roe st.; off Bush.' above Stockton.
CAPP, 7 614— Desirable, 5-room flat; piano;
:; coal and gas range; call between ; : 11 and 4.
WASHINGTON, 2833— Beautifully furnished
¦sunny flat. 7 roomo: piano: . garden. -
v " FLATS FOR : SALE— FURNISHED. '
NEW. carpets and, furnishings of 7-room flat for
- sale at great bargain; flat rents ; for $37 50
• per "month: lease indefinite." Inquire at 770
Cfle st. ' .
FOR sale— Furniture fit ; 7 rooms" and bath:
-dealers. or any one with spot cash; call after
'.;C p.m. HOB Hayes it- . . : - ....
LOVELY>new flat; sun- in every, room; furn.' al-
; ' most \ new ; ': cheap rent ; f 285. Call - 10 to : 3.
242 Noe St.. near Market.
nUSIAKSS CHAXCES- — Continued.
A— STRANGERS*." "ATTENTION!
Are you looking tor "a safe and profitable
business- opening: In San Francisco? f If so,
we can ofter you any number requiring au
investment Jrom *1VO to $50.0fO;. every busi-
ness opjiortunity that passes through our of-
fife-must ftnnd the closett investlKation.and
we I can place vou in a store, taciory, hotel,
ir.i!!, ofnee-. otv'in fact, any- business you
may prefer.
I GliRMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
I A— BANK AND COMMERCIAL, references.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. »27 Market st.
A~~GOOD OPENING .
1 For a young man who can Invest $500 In: a
! high-class real estate office and fill position
I of cashier: experience not necessary: Snvesi-
m?m secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
i GEKMANIA INVEST. CO.. U27 Market st.
I A-WK WILL FURNISH YOU A - BOND.
1 GERMANIA INVENT. CO.. 1»27 Market st.
1 A— SHIPPING AND TRANSPORTATION.
A business man who can Invest $5000 cash.
with service*, can secure good opening with
high-clacs company in this city.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— WE CAN FURNISH YOU A PARTNER.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern: SO rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing-room with. 10 tables and imported Vienna
chairs: the best carpets money can buy
throughout: finest linen and best silver ser-
vice: 10 years' lease: $10,000; easy terms.
GKRMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— WE CAN SELL YOUR STOCK.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market «t. .
A— ?100 REWaIrB ~ ~
Will be paid for legal proof , showing that
any i.erson ever lost a dollar who Invested ;
any money in or through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the laws nf California, #
Capital stock. $50,000,
027 Market st.. rooms 321, 322, 323. 324.
A— ONLY HIGH-CLASS INVESTMENTS.
GKRMANIA INVEST. CO., S>27 Market st.
A— 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
On investments of $100 and upward: no "get- 1
rkiwiuiek" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estab. 3 years In S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927. Market st.
A— WE refer to 10,000 successful clients.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A^ A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and sen-Ices secure- interest and
office of treasurer In an lncoroorated realty
and Investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured- highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— WE CAN SEI^L YOUR BUSINESS.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. U27 Market st.
A^ MERCHANTS. ATTENTION !
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so. we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will invest from S100 to $50,000: we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A — Largest brokerage company on Pacific Coasi
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A^ THE P.EST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold stock of the Northern Bay
Co . $25: will be worth $200 by August. 1904
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
FOR cale — Very reasonable: Marln County
right to fell the Kincald Ideal Washing Ma-
chine: a good opportunity for the right
man. Address box 1596. Call office.
FOR SALE— A small hotel. furnished, on
Beach Hill, Santa Cruz: also furnished cot-
taze for rent. Address "J. S.," C6 Wash-
ington st.
OLD established downtown saloon; best loca-
tion; cause, sickness; no agents. Box 155S.
Call office.
FOR sale — First-class water front saloon; near
Market; good reasons for selling. Inquire
at 608 Mission *t.
WANTED — To buy a half Interest or the
whole of a good paying business: state
amount required. Box 3049. Call office.
FOR SALE — A general merchandise store In
a good business town In San Joaquln County.
Full particulars box 3637. Call office.
GENERAL merchandise store In a growing
town in this State; will sell whole or half
Interest. Box 35SS. Call office.
GENERAL merchandise and feed store on N.
P. C. R. R. for sale: will either sell prop-
erty or rent same. Address box 3532. Call.
FURNITURE and hardware store In a live
city In California, for sale. Address box
4129. Call office.
HARDWARE and plumbing business for sale
on account of golnc out of business. Apply
1454 Seventh St.. Oakland.
$100 — BOARDING and lodging; 15 rooms, fur-
nished : rent $15: good place. 330 Main st.
FOR sale — Coffee and chop house, with cash
register; price $S0. Box 1C04 Call office.'
$175: FIN'E corner clear stand: fine, stock;
good trade; sec owner. 118 Third st.
$500 — FOR Fate; bargain; saloon on Sixth St..
near Fclsom. 112 Ellis st., b;t 12 & 1 o'clock.
$10,000 CASH only: sawmill in good locality
for tale. Box 15SS, Call.
WANTED — Good carpenter aa partner In Job
shop. 3373 Eirhteenth- st.
WANTED — Men with some capital to take
positions In new company. Box 3503. Call.
GROCERY with bar wanted. Address with
lowest price, box 4232. Call office.
FOR SALE — Restaurant: good location. Box
."Ull. Call office.
DELICATESSEN store for sale; good location
In the Mission. Box 3014. Call office.
GROCERY store in East Oakland for sale;
low rent; etable and yard. Box 3098, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS massage parlor, doing good
bjslnees. for sale cheap. Apply 718 Larkln st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth
Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
400 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods In fine front offices.
Phone Black 3007. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
BEA UTIFUL~
APARTMENT HOUSE of 37 rooms; beautifully
ufrnlshed in velvet and blrdseye maple; new
January. 1904; ea?y terms If requested.
See MARION GRIFFIN.
SWORN STATEMENT!" ~~
Rooming-house: roomers select business men
who require quiet and refined surroundings;
60 roomn, splendidly furnished; electric ele-
vator, electric lights; a widely known house;
price $5000; half cash and monthly Install-
ments to suit buyer; long lease; the manager
will show his books and make sworn state-
ment that $2S7 was cleared last month.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 40C Examiner bldg.
PERFECT. ' '< •
PERFECT bandbox of a house; clearing $143;
24 rooms on Sutter st.; swell and full of
steady roomers. See MARION GRIFFIN.
VERY FINE
APARTMENT HOUSE near NOB HILL; 100
rooms; beautifully furnished and full of nice
• people; long lease.; exact book accounts show
$46S profit monthly. Get full particulars of
\ V MARION GRIFFIN.
SUPERABUNDANTLY furnished Jan.. 1904.
MULTUM IN PARVO.
21 large sunny rooms — new building — straight
rooming-house, see? Fine, location. • near
Geary and Jones; eminently respectable: make
offer to ' MARION .GRIFFIN.
SPECIAL. 40. ~
ANOTHER, only with' MARION GRIFFIN:
A 2-story house of 40 rooms; good furnish-
ings; all men roomers: rent $110; clears $156
monthly: reduced to $3000.
~~ CLEARS $106 MONTHLY.
RECOMMENDED 17-room house on Van Ness
ave. for $1500; rent $00;" very little work for
landlady; fine appearing house, inside and
out: exquisitely furnished in elegant oak and
tnahegany; rich Brut&eis carpets. I
Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN."* !
MITCHELL- & CO :.... Phone Jessie 2081
I20tt Market st.. opposite Sixth.
16 rooms; neat, sunny, two-floor house; rent
'$40; eell or exchange; price $650/,
CO rmt.; choice corner rooming-house; unex-
celled for. transient as well as steady roomer*.
25 rooms: . well-appointed housekeeping
suites: . landlady must sell; make: offer.
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
100 ROOMS; cunny corner; • rent $125. . . .$450>>
112 rooms; clear* $350;; low rent. ...;.. .*45(X)
W) rooms: furniture nearly new.. :....... .$380u
15 rooms: fine location, north of Market. $000
4(i rooms; in Oakland: new; rent $60. ..$i!5uu
12 rooms; - 14 cash: cheap rent.. ....... .$boo
Money to loan on furniture.' EITEL • &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st. . .-.- =/"._. x
7 ROOMS ¦ and. bath; clean, -desirable home;
¦ $275. 605 Taylor st.^ near Post.
' 1« ROOMS; 1^ rent $S0; water "free; 2%-year
lease; furnished new; make offer. 323 Taylor. 1
JOHIC S>. SFItrCKEIiS. Proprietor.
j tfns Ctmcinziicn tj iy Kims?. Zan&r
wTT.^MARTIN .... .Business MJnmCtf
TIIX DOLtARS HEWAKD.
Notify The Call Office if Vou Miss
Your Pni'cr.
ir lor cry cause THE CAU is not de-
livered regularly to subscribers please
call up "CiLI.1. ESCHAHGE" and notify
Subscription Clerk ia ctarjre. Tonr com-
plaint will receive prompt attention.
A Btaaflinjr revrarl cf Ten Sollars
(S10.00) is offered fcr the arrest and
conviction of any eae csusrht stealinff
THE CALL.
TELEPHONE.
A* fcr THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Dr; artrr.ent lou W Isa.
Publication Office... ~M«Tket and Third S. F.
Editorial Room ...217 to =21 Stevenson ft.
Dell-ered t» Carrier? =0 Os Ter W >ek 7R
CT5. Per Month Single Copies 5 ' < -« n "'., th
Term* by Mail, [ncludln* Postape tcath w .tn
DAILY CALL (includ. PundayV 1 >'» r '"*f
DAILY CALL <!nc!ud. .<uv.day>. 6 moi *w
DAILY CALI^-Br Month £**
Fl'NPAY CALL 1 Year -^
w f ?*" 5 AL Vm, : ar :?s v« pv;
E2FJF/SS \ Sur.day. 4 1.'. Per Year Kxtra
POSTAGE. Weekly. 1X0 Per Year l^x'.ra
ALL rr'STMArTKRS ARE AVTHOK1ZED
TO RECEIVE ST'BSCniPTIONS.
San-.r'v CcpieF will »-e forwarded when re-
qucj-led.
Mail subscriber* in ordering <.har«e or_ ad-
tfrets thould he particular to pivc lioth NEv\
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to insure a
prompt end correct comfliance with their re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
111* Broadway Telephone Main 10S~
BERKELEY OFFICE:
CHS Center Strett Telephone North . 4
correspondent-.
SAMITL W. WALL Hotel Barton
«
NEW" YORK Nh'WS STANDS!
Wtldcrf-Astoria Hotel; A. Ereniano. 31
IMN Square: Murrey Hill Hotel; K.fthave-
oue Hut* 1 and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STAND?:
Sherman House: V O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
n*'.&l; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. -Marcjuette Buud'.ng
il^:-n*r Dis:anct Telephone, "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK P.EPRESENTATIVE.
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bulldin*
NEW YORK CORKESPONDENT:
C. C. CAP.LTON Herald S<juan»
CL'SINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
100* Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 |. rn.
S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
uctil 9:30 p m.
Hut Hayrs street; cpen until 9 -"50 r rn.
BS* McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
•515 Larkin street; open until 8:30 p. m.
I'Ml Mission «treet: oi>en until 10 p. m.
22«1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until » p, m.
1(H> Eleventh street; open unt!l fl r- m.
lOUO \alencia street; cpen ur.tll 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
¦ open until 9 p. rn.
Northwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets : open until 9 p. m.
22t>0 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWX
I OR THE SUMMER.
CALL subscriber* contemplating a
change of residence during- the summer
months can have their paper forwarded
by mail to their new address by notify-
ing TES CAX.Ii Business Office. This
taper will also be on sale at all summer
retorts and is represented by a local
asrent in nil towns on the coast.
31CETIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA ComtnandTy No. 1 K. T. - m
— Regular assembly THIS EVENING jET
fit «; o'clock. Order of Red Cross. All tj
fraterp courteously invited. '- »
THOMAS H. BROWNE. Com.
T. L. ilEXDERSON, Recorder.
PACIFIC Lode No. ir,C. F and A. M.. »
»ll! meet THIS EVENING, TIOXJV
n-ektrk. j D. /V\
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretarj'-
APOT.LO IxrtJtre No. 12:1. I OOF. <t $£g3< u .~
Th'rd decre* Tills < KR1I >AVi
MGHT. Arril 15. Visiting r S?i*StS»S
brcthrrn cordially invited. '-^kw^
GEORGE C. TERRILL. N. G.
W. F. NORCROKS. Rec. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lodfce No. 1. K. of P.,
fn-^et.-= THIS F ::IDAY at 8 o'clock. \*>0&rf
• •iont-ei building. 24 Fourth st. "fcVS
Knitht rank, lor.s form. Visitors £&±P
::;viteJ. K. O. MOLL, C. C •^-'^N
n. N. McLennan, k. of r. and s.
FAN FUAXC1SCO Tent No. IS.
K O. T. M.— Review THIS /5*!«i-S2\
(FRIDAY* EVENING, at « U^'l f\ X&k
o'clock. Pioneer Hall. 24 B*ijj Wu|
D. B. RICHARDS. V^KlJ^M'
REGITLAR m»*tin|r cf the Caledonian v «-y »¦-.
c:ub FRIDAY EVENING, April 3S, }£v2?
• IS. ..', S o'clock. Open meetlnsr for TJX^K*
mcreb'-r* and lady friends at 8:S0.
fccottlih Haii. 117 Larkin Kt.
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
J H DUNCAN. S?'.retary.
THE Knichts of Tara will hold their tenth
crand annual excursion at Fembrook Park,
Niles Catijon. on NEXT SUNDAY, April 17.
A pleasant outing is aysurrd to all who may
cttend. Trains leave foot of Market 6t. at
3:30 e.. tn. and 12:30 p. in. Tickets for sale
at ferry. JNO. O'KANE. Chairman.
J. P. HARE. Secretary.
NOTICE of annual meeting: of Mercantile Trust
•tompary of Kan Francisco — The rejrular an-
nual 'n-.Ktinr of the Stockhold* re of the
Mercantile Trust Company of San Francisco
*111 be h»Jd on WEDNESDAY. April 27,
I8fM. at 1? o'clock norm, at the office of
the' company. 464 California street. Kan
Francitco. California, for the purpose o f
a Hoard of Directors to serve for the.
«r»j.nc >ear. and for the transaction of such
otheT t-u5ir<?s* as may come before the meet-
Transfer books will close on Saturday,
Arirl! !<?. *0C>4, at 12 o'clock noon
• rkwd Aorii 11. mc«.
JO:<N P. McKEE. Secretary.
THE ar.nu*l meeting of the shareholders of
the h«n I-'ranciKco G»s and Electric Com-
pany tor *he election cf directors and the
trari*a<"t!on of surh other business as may
<->nie before It will be held at th* offlcf of
the company, 415 Post st.. In the city of San
Franri*-o. <*al., «t 1:30 o'clock p. tn.. April
26. W4 Th» transfer books of the com-
pany »U! b* «lr>se<l from April 16 to and in-
tluditiK April 26. l«O4.
(KitH'-'ii CHAS. L. BARRETT. J>c
Datr<j y«n Francisco. April 12. 1904.
AGENTS WA1VTED.
WANTED— Apcnt. by a manufacturer of tin-
plate,' h r*Hid>nt agent in Pan Francisco:
mu«t, be enerjf'tlc and have a £ood knowl-
cdfw ' of the bu»ineps. Address, • ci\ inc full
. pa'-t)«Til*irs. age and references, "Independ-
ent." bo» 157S. Call office.
*3vr3TiSE»rEir? WBimro!
HAVING recently acquired throuth^exrhange
at property (liree $40 scholarships In th* best
Cnll«*e ol Advertlfiinr In the United States
I will wil them at 25 per cent discount for-
cash: the tollege teacheii advertising writ-
Ins l»- correi pondence and nrrlFtg its urad-
uatei. to wrrure rxjEltions: ratalocuog -fur-
nishfd 011 «rrl''-3tion. Addrrsy box ;{Q2H. Call.
A T1O It \EVS-AT-LAW.
"^ ~Tiri ADVICE FREE- ~^~ .
CotumbiaTi Law &- Coll. Aki->-.. r. %5. 910
Markrt; phone John <!22«; op>n evenings;
trantact* at most reasonable rates all leRlt-
• imat»- l»w businesr; bondr furnished in trtm-
inal an-i civil caseg; small collections taken.
A •'•RIVATE. cul^k dl\-orce Tor small fe«T
t>e m» and ta\t money: no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
E»taHlfch«-d 22 yn.: rms. I. 2. 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl.
1122 Marfc*r Bt.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advio free all matters. Detective* employed.
R. W. KING. Attorrey-at-Law. ETxam. bids..
*<th floor, entrance "room <JI1: establUbed
years: a'l c^aee: pmeral er>urt and office prac-
tice: no fw> (n adrance or for consultation;
? veninc* by appointment. Tel. Red o'w>l.
Dn"DRCE law a specialty; no publicity: advice
free; cofct«$l2. Address B.A.S., P.O.box 213?.
r-pTT TT T -O'T : /^A-T' 7\' : T : : ' : lVT-T'/^T j 'T r T^ '-' - T :il l A ii /f I" 7 "! ; ¦'. A ' s'c ientificTHE SAN . FRANCISCO CALU, FRIDAY, APRIL 15^1004.
13
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
I VON RHEIN
EAL ESTATE COMPANT.
13 CALIFORNIA STREET.
DAT. APRIL 21. 1004, AT 11 It
LARGE TQWNSEND-ST. ¦ LOT.
BETWEEN SECOND AND THIRD.
12S:10x273: NW. line of Towmend. SO ft. SW.
of Stanford; close- to S. P. depot
j,, coArr»/*s j. zor cj-oj£ ro «
BROADWAY FLATS— RENTS $190.
27:6x13*1 :6; No*. 1678-1682; N. line of Broad-
way, west of Van Ness ave.; superb marine
view; 3 splendid modern up-to-date flats; fash-
ionable neighborhood; should be seen to be ap-
preciated.
LARGE BROADWAY LOT.
With front and rear dwelling; 45:10x137:6;
Nos .1511-1813 Broadway, east of Van Ness ave,
STOCKTON-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Leaded at $2640 net to one tenant; 40x09 fe»t:
Nos. 130X-1314 Stockton, north of Broadway;
. 4-story building and lodging-house; 4 years*
lease; tenant pays water and repairs.
UNION STREET— RENTS $53/
41x75; No. IS09 Union st. 31 feet W of Octa-
vla: 2 stores and 12-room Mat; must be sold.
SANSOME-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Nos. 712-714 Sansome; 45:10x9O feet N of
Jackson; rents $71 50; brick and frame build-
ing. /
CALIFORNIA -ST. COTTAGE— RENTS $32 50.
25x137:6. No. 2223 California st. bstween
Buchanan and Webster; cottage, 6 room* and
bath; select neighborhood.
DEVISADERO-ST. LOT.
34x103:1^3 : E line of Devlsadero. 68 feet S of
Union: fashionable neighborhood: marine view;
Union-rt. cars within 68 feet; $2300 mortgage
now on property.
H ST.. SUNNY COR.. FACING PARK.
82:tixl00; SE corner II st. and Eleventh ave..
In 1 or 3 lota, facing Park; SE corner. 32:6x100.
and 2 adjoining iot.«. «>arh LT>xl0O. !tfiiQ9
MARIPOSA ST.— RENTS $27 50t
34:8x75; Nos. Z707-27C9 Marlposa «t. 55:4 W
of Bryant, between 17th and 18th; 2 houses, 5
rooms and bath each.
DOLORES-"ST. LOT.
Creditors' sale; no limit; 50x106: W line of
Dolores st. 7«:6 S of Liberty.
FOLSOM ST.— RENTS $143.
50x80; SoS-864 Folsom st. E of 5th: 3-story
building; flats and stores: rents now »U2;
should be $145
TWENTY-FOURTH ST. CORNER-
RENTS $140.
55x90; NE corner 24th and Shotwell sts.: 939.-
1)45 Shotwell st. ; 3138 to 3146 24th st ; 3 stores,
4 nouses. 2 Hats; rents now $112; should b»
$140.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS t MENT3
ALAMEDA KEAI. ESTATE. *
$5250 — A RARE bargain; chancs of a llfs-
tlme; two beautiful up-to-date modern rt-
room fiats on Clinton ave.* bay front*sr*:
beautiful marine -view: elegant surf bathing:
bathhouses, rtc. : this Is a rare chance: don't
overlook It HAMMOND & HAMMOND. 1423
Park st.
BERKELEY ADVERT* S'M T NT3
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
FOR SALE— House of 7 rooms; lot 42x100;
J1300. Address owner. 1600 Ward st. Ber-
keley. -¦¦•-.
BEBZEIET HOTELa.
HOTEX BERKELEY R^OPENS^Thls ~'~* ele^
gantly appointed house Is now under a ntw '
and experienced management The service la
¦ first class, the accommodations homelike, tho
treatment of guests courteous, the' rates low.
The hotel la situated, en Dwight way, on<»
block west of the Dwtght way station, and Is
therefore convenient to . both th« Key route
and 9. P. ferry systems. Rates. • per day.
transient, are from $2 to $3, and per month
are $30 to $30. according to apartments. Ban-
quets and wedding dinners will be served on
short notice In the most fashionable and de-
lightful manner. AH interested In this an-
nouncement are invited to call at the houso
and Inspect it. Any further Information rtc-
. sired will be promptly riven. Tel. Dana 13»>.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
t OFFICE, 1118 BE0ADWAY.
~C ; L" OAKLAND REAL KSTATB.
BARGAIN IN REAL~ESTATeI "
The guardian of the estate of MART JW
STARR has filed with the Probate Court <Judg»
Greene's department). Oakland, Cal., a peti-
tion for confirmation of sale of the old "STARR
HOMESTEAD," northwest corner of Seven-
teenth and Grove sts.. Oakland — l£*i feet on
Seventeenth st. by 107:6 feet on Grove — for
$12.C00; the petition will come up for hearins?
before Judge Greene. In Oakland, on Monday.
April IS. at 10 a. m., when any parties desir-
ing to make an advance on said bid may ' b«
heard from.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY A HOME CHEAP
AND ON EASY TERMS. IT WILL PAY TOU
TO SEE P. C. LASSEN. 466 TENTH ST..
OAKLAND. CAL.
OAK L A X D iFl URKITDRJ BFq R S A L B.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture H Soh»lhaas.l1tb st.cor.rtnre.Oaklnnri.
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
-ii ROOMS FO Hit OUSEKEE PIX O^
ALL sunny; best In city; 3 or 4 rooms furnish-
ed or unfurnished. ST. CHARLES APART-
MENTS,' 15«O Sacramento st. . nr. Larkln.
CALIFORNIA, S031 — 30 or 5 sunny housekeep-
ing rooms, furnished complete; gas range;
adults. .
ELGIN PARK. 56— Sunny, unfurnished doubt*
. parlors and kitchen; new and modern; for
man and wife.
FRANKLIN. 203 — Three nicely, furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath; sunny corner flat.
FULTON, 233 — Two connecting housekeeping
rooms: gas range, grate; no children. _:
GOUGH. 137 — Two sunny front rooms for light
housekeeping. . -
HAWTHORNE; 19. off Howard, near Thlrd^ —
Large sunny bedroom and kitchen; stove,
sink, gas, .yard; $3 per week. ¦ -
HOWARD. 73714— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; rent reasonable; suitable for light
housekeeping. .-¦¦'..
HOWARD. 1310 — 2 elegantly furnished rooms
- . for housekeeping and one single room.
IVY ave., 49 — 2 unfurnished rooms 'to let: $3.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine^ —
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat- -
". ed. elsctrlc lighted: free baths: rate. $30 up.
LARKIN. 613 — 3 large, light rooms; 2 closet*;
gas. running water grate.' phone; first Soar;
. $23 so. ¦ ./;.-•. t •. i :
MASON. 417— Furnished rooms, suitable , tor
; ; housekeeping; also single rooms." " ; .
MASON. • 825 — Elegant 3-4 room suites; gas.
.-¦ bath electric light, sun, phone; new.
MISSION. '845— 2 furnished rooms for houre-
! i keeping; big yard for children. '
OAK, '117 — Sunny rooms $1 25 to $3 per we«k;
• gas, range. 'hot bath,- laundry: 'adulU.- .-.
O'FARRELL. 730 — Nice sunny rooms for house.
; keeping; $S. $12. $15. $20; • conveniences. ...
POLK. 1018— Sunny room: gas *tov».*b«th/ete.;
-, reasonable; no objection to children. -
r : . contioue'd .oa , Paje rourteea, l£
MONEY TO LOAN — Con tinned.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY~
C01-C02-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
£ave expenses by dealing directly.
Eetates. Eecond mortgages, undivided Inter-
' ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. -
~ . WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
i or country.
Low rate of Interest. I
Give full -particulars
of property or chattels.
is. . Location, etc.
Box 408. Call office.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without rercoval or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. 08 Donohoe b!dg..;il70 Market st.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
Et. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
HIGHLY respectable -private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
848 Market; tel. Main 1C44. Branch, 10 Third.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy ;no commission :lnetallments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent un furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission: ro publicity; $25. up; quick.
quiet confidential. 26 Montgomery st..rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearl.* end precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. --R. 311,- Mutual Sav. Bk.
. bid. ; Oakland office, 1103 Vi Brdwy., suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE 103 Grant are.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
NEW >a»y method— To wage earners on unln-
dorseu notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-40 Chronicle bldg. -»
TO salaried peopl* 1 without security: on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. 8. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg, i
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 708 Market st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser t - MORELL. 600 Examiner building.
" WOMiV .HAATEU. ~
WANTED— A loan- of $10,000. for a term of
years at 8 per cent per annum on real estate."
Address box 3614. Call office.
M\ 1 S}CAJ :^lX^ruxi3iii\'t's; ; *
ALL. UPRIGHTS: .- ,- :
. Fischer, new $325, - now $150. .
Hertr. new $300, now $87.
Miller.' new $300. now $145. t ,
3 Emerson; new, $250 to $350. now $1GO. -.
2 Checkering, now $450, now $100, $185.
2 Steinway. new $575,' $750, now $185. $325.
Heine, new $575, -now $33:j. ¦ : _ .
.Rents $2 up;, installments, . $4 up. '.Rent ap-
. plied If purchased./- "'. >
. HEINE PIANO CO.. -235-237 Geary st. .
, Oakland— 1252 Broadway. ...
ONLY piano houFe In the city, that will rent
- you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
¦ tj months' rent and > cartage - off ¦: purchase
price; sole agents for: McPhail, Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 8B0 Hayea.
SPECIAL bargains- this ; week; square pianos,
$25; uprights. $100 up; organs, $25. *BYRON
; MAUZY. . 308 Post st. - - . ..„.,..
$75;- STEINWAY piano, cost $000. for sale on
;• $5 installments. 1309 Goughst, near Geary.
STEINWAY. ¦-' nearly,- new; : upright: I 7 A.'- Gabler.
: and Steck mahogany.; .214 McAllister. st.-.y
NEW upright pianos f sold on $5 -monthly pay-
ments. , ECHMITZ & CO., 18 McAllister st.
- .-¦•-¦. ¦ ¦
HELP WA VTED — t MAMC— Con.
WANTED^ — Thoroughly competent lace, no-
tion and fancy s.oods man to go to Los An-
grles. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALS BROS.'
AGENTS $5 to $15 a day. Traders' Advertls*
ing Agency, 724 Hayward Bldg.
MAN to do janitor work for tuition in S. K.
Barber School. 741 Howard st
YOUNG m>-n. tsilors. blacksmiths, carpenters,
creen hands, for ships. Herman's. 27 Steuart
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullis. r. 40. Phelan bldg.
l'ast Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotffl. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
frre 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL size* men's' shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. SC3 Mlwlon st.. bet, 1st and 2d sta.
GET your shoe* half-soled while waiting; 25<?
to Mr. Sfl3 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d fta.
HOUSES AMD WAGOXS^
AUCTION sale of borsen every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. 327 Sixth et. ; every .horse rnu« N*
•s represented or money refunued. 'OHN J.
DOYLE. Aucticneer. .
WANTED — A one-hor*e covered spring wagon,
suitable for delivering mineral water In one
gallon demijohn* ; muFt be In good condition.
Address D. 1COEHLER. Paso Robles. CaL
SECOND-HAND open harks, wagonettes. 3-
•eaters and business bugirie*. CORVILL
MANUFACTURING CO.. 4S Eighth St. '
BAN FRANCISCO Veterinary Collnre— Next
»«F»l<in begins June «. Catalogs by appl>lng to
DR. e. j f CREELET. filO Golden Gate ave.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Address Nucleus. 190 Stevenson. S.F.
WANTED — One span mares, weight 1200 to
' 1400 pounds each: also 2 email saddle ponirj
or donkeys 1343 Webster st
ALL kinds of bUFinee* buggies, rubber-tire rod
buggies 1 , carts, surrvys and wagons for sale
cheap. 1504-S Fol«ra st.
WANTED — A sound gentle horse: one that
win Ftaci without tying; for delivery wagor.
Box 35S3. Call office.
FOR sale— Handscme trap; cheap. Box 1215,
Call office.
HORSER wanted to board: also a fine black
ar.d bay team for sale. 122' s Eddy st.
LanrfCt assortmt 2.1-hand wagons, buckbd. sur-
rey. harness, work.drivln* horres. I5th-Valencla.
11OUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED lift of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
1AXGTOX rt., off Bryant — I room?, yard and
bRsement: $11. Apply G. A. LEROUX. 29
New Mont mm try st.
BEFORE movlr.g cet our printed \\*\ of houses
to l»t. BALDWIN A- HOWELL. 25 Pest st.
HQISBS TO LET — Kt'IlAiSHED.
SAN MATEO House Renting Agency has 15
furr.Jfhed cottogfs and hourcs to rent. $20
to $290. H., N. ROYDEN. 222 Main Et., op-
posite Plaza', San Mateo, Cal.
A COMPLETELY furnished hou«e; 7 large
Funny rorms end bath; large yard and base-
Kient; reSereocea ttqulred. Inquir-* tt to 11
•a. m. and 5 to 7 p. m.. 104 Pierce, nr. Halght
FOLSOM. <>47 — Lower Dart of bouse; 4 rooms
and bath: romr'etp; piano.
11ULSKS KI'IIMSIIHU KOK SALE.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. TO5 — 9-room houee; rea-
sonable; clran: payment*; leaving city.
HOUSES TO LET- SUBTJE3AJT.
I'XJR rent — Furr.lEhed house. consietlng of
kitchen, dininc-room, 4 sleeping rooms and
bath; plenty f-hade. Address C. W. GOOD-
WIX. Wrights. Cal.
SqXURBAIf HOPSESJPOB SM.H.
FOR sale — In Suus&lito, 4-room cottage: de-
:*.!;:; -c\ situation: chade trees, fine well of
water; will sell very cheap, small payment
down; alt=o a property with income of $90
per month for $5(*H); J2.1OO cash, balance on
ioan. Hex 1C25. Call office.
LAUNCHES POB HXBE.
C. A.- McXEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of -Clay
st. : for pleasure and business. : tel. Bush &24.
L.OST AND POl'.\D.
LOST— Two passbooks with the Hibernla Pav-
ings and Lean Society of San Francisco in
the-namm of ANNIE CUNNINGHAM and
JOHN CUNNINGHAM: Nos. 244-14O3 and
24U-:»;:r.. The finder will please return Lo
bank.
$20 REWARD— Strayed or stolen. April 8. from
Geary and Mnrket «<t»., bay horfie with left
foot branded; 74 under mane; business
b-JEgy. r*>d gear and dark r^iy. Return to
1S50 Green st: tel. Geary 27^2.
LOST — From stable of S. S. Bailey. Soc J.
Oakland racetrack, brown filly; roarhed mane
with haltrr on Any one furnishing Infor-
mation leading to her recovery will b« liber-
a'.ly rewarded. S. S. BAILEY.
$20 REWARD— Strayed cr ftolen, April 8, from
Geary and Market- rts., bay horse with left
foot branded: 74 under' mane; business
bupgy, r*d K'tr and dark body. Return to
| 1K50 <Jre«.n t-t.: tel. G«ar>- 2732.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibcrnla Savings
and Loan S*»olety of Pan Francisco In the
name of JAMES KILLEBREW. No. 258-125U.
TIip findrr will j.!ea?e return to bank.
LOST— Female dog: nearly white; has few
black utKfts and lone black ears; loi.^ hair;
answers to name of "001116"; reward. 720
Castro st.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of Casper D. McCauley. No. 2S3-1265;
the f.ndpr will pleese return to bank.
LOi=T— April 14. from 7th and Howard to Oth
and Market to r»th and Tehama, gold breast-
pin." 'Untt Howard st; reward.
LO^T — Pin. four-leaf clover, gre<»n enamel,
pearl edce, diamond center* Return to 257OA
Market st.
LOST — On Saturday, old-fashioned gold band
brooch, set with garnets, between Alhambra
and ferries. Apply CLAUSSEN, 815 Battery.
LOST — Lady's gold watch and chain; mono-
gram N. F. C. Liberal reward. 516 R.R. ave.
LOST— At Pr«>Fi<Jlo. near McDowell eve., small
memorandum book. Return to 328 O'Farrell.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, «ure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me at once; my
methods ere always safe, painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; no exorbitant fees.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
Cures guaranteed or no psy; 17 years' ex-
perience in all female disorders; call or write
without delay: correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
A — LADIES, if you are suffering from irregu-
larities or any ailment you will avoid dl«-
appuint merits by consulting me firrt. My
method of treatment is positive 'and harm-
1?f» and I guarantee immediate relief from
any cane or make no charges. Advice fre«.
Call or write DR. SYLVESTER. 210 Keamy.
ALWAYS be-advibed and treated by a grad-
uate physician; positively the on!jr one here
capable and willing to restore you to bappi-
nens; relief for Irregularities; help for un-
fortunate ladies: If In trouble consult him
without coct or fee: call or write; confiden-
tial. DR. R. H. WESTON. 305 Kt-amy st.
DR. Q W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
la troubl* consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the mot difficult cases treated;
advice free. Orflce. 1018 Market st
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all' female
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed: HO years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re- >
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market st, opp. 5th.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In cbEtetrirr. female complaints; Inst. relief:
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5: 25 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLKN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom st. corner
26th; ladlec. relief or no fee: $10. - :
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment 1126 Market st
DR. NG. TOY KEE. 319 Powell st. opposite !
Union square? all diseases cured, by herbs.
MI SCELL A> tEOUS-— FOft B ALB.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mcl-N-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-187 Fremont st
DOES YOUR~ROOF LEAK? . .
Repair It with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
. ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, Ehaftlng. #tc, etc., 'bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; «ee Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st
DESKS and office furniture; $20,000 stock to
be sold before April 15; - this stock can ' be
bought In large or small lots. T. D. MC-
CARTHY CO.. 7S2 tfUsicm. Phone Bush 167.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS — Con.
ABSOLUTE BARGAINS IN PIANOS.
¦ One In fair order $10
One a little better..'. J1S.
Another, condition good $23
Also a Chickering. -Mason & Hamlln, two
Steinways, Knabe, Vose. Sterling, Mayson.
Emerson, Hallet & Davis, Starr and many
others, from $55 up: easy terms: .fully guar-
anteed. BENJ. CUUTAZ & SON.'IC O'Far-
rell St.
3 T PEDAL Steinway up. ;Chlckering baby grand;
Shoninger, little used. Keette's, 285 O'Farrell.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy- pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON i MAUZY, ;;0S-312 Post St.
A fresh, umooth and ycung looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin." .
Don't forget the name, M. ELLA HARRIS.
The number, 781 O'Farrell st, near Larkln.
. Call or write for book, free, ' , '
* "Hints on Beauty."
NOTICE — Any one having claims against me or
my business at 1CS Fourth st will please
present the same at said place and they will
be paid on presentation.
E. R. ARMSTRONG!. I
April 1.1, 1MM.
NOTICE to th* Public— I. S. M. West, will not
be respor.slble for debts contracted by my
wife. Harriett West, after this date, April
14, 1004, she having left my bed and board.
¦ S. ,M. WEST.
THE HERMANN SANITARIUM. ' '
Insomnia, mental and nervous diseases cured:
liquor and drug habits: ¦ massage; medicated
baths; country place Lake to. : terms to phy-
sicians; call or write. 1375 Waller, bet. Ma-
sonlc ave. and Ash bury st; tel. Fell 837. .
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, Im-
proves its growth. stops falllngr.cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses. scalp;at druggists', hairdressers' -ac-
_cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
A — MICROTINE, a positive" cure for catarrh
cold In the head, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections; send - for . free samule
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 Oth!
WOULD rentleman who ' saw lady, with a
» child dragged on McAllister-street- line Fri-
day evening. March 11, kindly leave his ad-
dress at 104S McAllister St.
TAKE notice— I ' have sold all of my interest
in the firm of Johnston &¦ Ellis. California
' 22?im. t0 F, R V be ELLis. J ° hn8tCn> ° D M " Ch
Cancerous lumps, rores. Impure blood (affecting
skin. • mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. ..Worst cases cured.
A destitute woman's friend; free secluded home
during: confinement; Infants adopted; good
homes. Mra. Dr. Funke. 141« 8th at. Alameda
A FINE suit, to order on easy installments^of
$1 a week." LEON LEMOS, 1127 Market at,
between Seventh and Elchth.
AT lesr than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES . LYONS' London
. Tailor. 721 Market Bt.-' . \> .
DRUNKENNESS. 'morphine and all drug dls-
eoses positively cured by Willow Bark Co.:
: 812 Shntwrll ; consultation free;. call or write.
SOCIAL, dances ,Wed.. Thurs., Sat. and Sun. ;
classes Mondays, ,~; Fridays. .Louise, Foster's
School of Dancing. . lMii Market, nr. Larkln.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
¦¦¦ NEUHAUS & CO..(inc.),'.taUora, 729 Maiket.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. •¦ Dr. & Mrs. Travers, 1170 Market.
Actlna restores lost eyesight :cures deafness and
catarrh.- A', VI DA Co.; 3524 10th, nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
:, ter.-r. 000.. MUs,,Eaton; 233 Geap-. room 38.
MASQUEIcADE costumes.' play .; books, >wlgg;
country orders.* GOLDSTEIN ti CjO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 SO; dress pants $2 60.
-;; Misfit qiothlng Parlor, cor.; Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian j Henna .restores gray
hair to Us natural, color, $1; at all druggists'.
MISCELLANEOUS — KOR SALE — Con.
PAINT your old and new metal and uhlnsle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint: Ru.irant«-pd
to stop all leaks in tho one and preserve the
new. 2C5 Front St.; tel. Main 1428.
FOR sale^ — Launch 32x8 feet, with Union en-
gine, 15 horsepower; launch 30x7 ffet, with
Union engine. 8 horsepower. .Crowley's
Boathouse, Vallejo-et. wharf.
A— FINE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 60. Orig-
inal Miifit Clothing Parlors, 2.XS Kearny St.,
near liusb; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st. . •
ALTERATION nale— Best $2 50 hats, $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, :K?0 Kearny st., near
Pine; open to 9 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at- $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d et.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
FOR sale — Grlnding-stone. carpenters' and
plumbers' tools; cheap. 053. Howard st.
48-ft. centerboard yawl yacht, $>>00; bargain.
"C. F. O'CALLAGHAN. r. 33. Nevada Block.
FANCY pigeons: new Imported varieties; send
for list, C WILSON. 22t> Stevenson st.
ASK for prices on Fecond-hand typewriters; all
make*. ALEXANDER & CO.. IIP Montg'y.
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO...J5 Mrkt,Tel.Buth 85*
BOOKS bought; libraries purchased. King's
Old Bookstore, til McAllister Bt ,
STEEL lined safe. 1S0O pound*. $125. K1CH-
ARDSON BROS.. 1810 Market Bt.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds ana watches;
fas>y payments. OAR1N, KO.J Hayward bldg.
GASOLINE engines bought, sold, exchanged,
repaired. Sykes-Corson Co.. 254 Beale st.
SAFES and ca«h register*, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1329 Market st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT, machines cheap: Chieaicoes, Twentieth
Centuries, Puck*. BACIGALUPI. 033 Market
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HEfV
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery 8t.
MOVINO pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
.. bargains. Bultard & Breck. 131 Post ft.
SAFES— New and second-hand! eT*B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobile and launches;
all elies. J.- E. DOAK. 40 Fremont st.
___ MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
CALIFORNIA Housewr^cker Co. pays th»
highest trie for buildings and will remove
the largest building In 10 days. Office and
ysrd N. W. cor. Mission and Tenth sta.
SHOES wanted: misfit & castoff: highest prcs.;
pew A 2d hand ahoes for sal«. 74ft Mission.
moxeyto loan. "
"^wuCnIia^an'saviI^gF'ba n k!
interest 5h and 6 per cent. '
apply direct to a savings bank
Any amount advanced on city. Oakland, town
and country real estate. -
Second mortgages, estates- In probate, . undi-
vided Interests In real estate, property In trust;
loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.--
107-8-9 CROCKER BUILDING.,
POST AND MARKET STS.
SALARY Loans— ~~~ ~ .. •> . ¦
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge or employer or
any one: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
MONET loaned to salaried people, . retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, 'without
- security; easy payments; . large business la
46 principal cities. .Tolman, S53 Parrott bid.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F Collateral Loaa Bank. 638 Kearny.
8% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no remoralj
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy it
vrl 1 1 irt mm isM'^mu TWiirmm sn '.mumm ..n~*) it.iVL«* Amlii s mm %»< ¦ i
HULiP WAM'B»--MALU--Cob.
MLRRAY * READT.~ «l4-«« Clay »u
PHONE MAIN 6S4S.
leading Employment and Labor Agents.
EVCKT EMPLOTKH OF 11KLV
KL'ICS'lSllED with flr»t-clas« skilled and
unskiSled hHp.
EVERT MAN WANTING WORK,
If competent to fill position. YOU CAN
HAVi; IT
IN OUR OFFICE.
ALL MEN AHE EQl'AL— NO DISTINCTION
WE BPBAK
«;::kman. o.rkek, Italian.
BPAlttSU. SWISS. FRENCUj,
IN VJO.-J w« csve During 1J»O4 we hop^
work to <!0.000 men. to inoreafw tSO.OOO.
YOi-'U FARE raEU IXKJK— FREE FARE
TO STATE OF. NEVADA.
It you *i.«> four months. THAT'S ALL.
D. S. GOVEllXMEXT WORK.
265 two-horse teamsters. $80.
150 laborers; you'll ruit; $00.
!'5 dilllers, rookmen, hammermen, $75.
!:! machine Urillerr. t^\
r. r 'it hcura" work d&'.ly; hundreds suing;
ARE YOU?
$1— FKE— THAT'S ALL— SI.
ARIZONA. ARIZONA.
«.>r.ter of groat mint-*, land of sunshine.
BIG W'AGES.
91 U miles. (9 10.
255 teamsters, laborers, drillers, etc.. J2
to $3 fit) day.
CLOSK TO PRESOOTT.
IN CALIFORNIA—
-•"¦> laborers, big mine <¦<>., $75. $67 50.
12 machine miners, gold quart*. f9<>.
IS markers, raid quartz. $H7 W.
TO FARMS. HAIRIKS. nTC.
120 farm, orchard/ and \-tncyard hands, a'.l
over California. $25. J26. $30, $35 found.
?.* rood teamsters. $2ti. $30 and found.
M milkers, located eveo'where. $T»0. $35 fd.
12 l>utter-rcakers. nn^arator tenders, etc., $10
«<nd found; l*» chcreboys, men. etc., $15, $20. ;
$25. Jtrio ana found.
• HOUEMEX. GARDENERS. STABLEMEN.
IK stablemen, city, country. $.'iri and found
»o $7."i.
12 coachmen, choreracn snd roustabouts. $25
and s;u and found.
«i farm handn. orange troves. $26 and found.
Man understand!* little cardcninK-. I'm found.
Stablo rn-i. mining town. %'.'.*> and found.
4 m«"i flant vineyard*, laborers will do, $26
nn<1 found.
v rtrd^nT*. tome vegetable, some flowers,
t '¦'.<¦ nt.d tcund.
mi:n and wivns.
5 mflkrrs and wives, farmfrs and wives,
etc.. Joy and found.
MECHANICAL.
« coopers: 2 machinists. $3 C5 day; machine
blacksmith'* helper, >75: 2 (rang foremen.
Nevada, boss here: cement finisher; 3 tally-
men, lumber ccinpany, $3 da> ; planer and
*tirk(r hand^, $3 day up; foreman, city,
H. :.<> day.
Machinist, bench work, fare fl. $3 day.
<"arria»re blacksmith. V»Oc fare. $3 day.
•l blacksmith helpers, tack on shoes, $2 to
$i 25 day.
!> hcrseahoers, counir>' jobs.
Ktlrkrr hand, city mill, $4 day.
12 blacksmiths, filff^rent jobs.
2 brick ioader*. exceptionally good job, $2 W>
•lay.
Kla'.-kFmith. all round shop, fare $1, $2 50
day.
Oang edgennan. fare $1 25. $.Vi to $70 found,
f-'hlp <olner. extra gr>cd job. $4 day.
WOOIH'HOPrERP.
255 men to cut wtiod all over California.
look:
12 laborers, fare fl, steady Job, $1 75.
12 f-arcMerF. fare Jl. steady job, $1 75.
Eastc-m young, mm. milk 2» rows, $30 fd.
Oerrn«n-Swl!=?, milker, city. $r".5 and found.
Hecond stable-bcy. 18 years, milliormire's sta-
ble. $20 and found.
Hoy. proorry store, city.
11! eheep herders. Nevada Srate. $S5 found.
Kh«>*>p herrters. Yolo County. $.10 and found.
Milker anil wifp. hosF at our offipe, $W fd.
2 Ktable men. mining town, north, $^5 and
found each.
4 vine grafters boss hfre. $2 day and found.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT:
1* cooks for hct«>ls, t&lo<»n5. mines. <~a.f*f.
ranch** and summer reports. $-10, ?40. $5<i
and %fX) p.nd found
is waiter*. difTerr-r.t jobs. $25. $"J0. $."5 and Id.
12 <Ji*hwash«>ns. S20_ >^r> and $-"^> and found.
2 beUbors. flrrt-claEs hotels. fl5 found.
n hotel roritn-. ?20. $25 and found.
Waiter. rxr*>ritSoTsal pood mine, $20 and
found; 5 boys.
BAKERS.
Cook. b»V<-r. rniaii shup, country. $••¦' found.
Partrj- cook and baker, city institution. $40
and found
2 bakw*. 2 h«Iiw* $*<* *M. $50 found.
LAUNDKYMKN,
Lnur.dryman. city InFiliutiftn, $:J5 and found.
12 launcrymrn. fliJTerent c!assr» of work.
5 hflpers. no *»x;icrif-np* wsnt«"d. comp twe us.
Cook. Hanta flam bounty. $50 and found.
Xirht rnnV. fare fax-. S*Ci and foi:n<1.
<"«n>P cook. ci;y f<>w hkti. $40 found.
,<"ook. o!ty hctrl." p«ra pood Job. $40 found.
T!»rvator br.y. extra rovd Intel. $1<> found.
Youns men. little cxp-. cltjr bakery. $25 f<3.
liov city store-, you'll KUit. fit wprk.
W aitf r luach counter, fare 50c $.'55 found.
BUTCHERS.
Hutcrw. crive «»ron. to-nd ehor'. $40 found.
9H lHborrm you'!] $C0.
MURRAY & READY, Ctt-63« Clay Ft.
RI'J MONEY MADE.
S5 woodrhcji;iei>; Mpnd'>cino County; 4-ft.
j<inp; fl 25 cord: bo.-.* at our office to-day.
Ml'KRAY A READY. CS4-CMJ Clay «t.
IS BE&B
•Itlllonalr* owner of er»at GOLI^ MINE.
Amalramator. $90.
4 machine mincm. $00.
2 murker*. $C7 Z0.
1 conccntr?.tor man. flue vannrr. fOO.
CmrotUttT. toi» surface work. $'T Zi>.
Osll <-arly Tlili< morning.
Ml'KRAY & READY, 631-toO Clay Bt.
SPECIAL RY MIDNIGHT. ~^
Tcltrhone, Tc>Br*ph and Lo'.trr.
>• l^lioren*. lumber-yard, country. $1,0.
BOYP.
« boy* Ior r-oantry. box factory. $1 75 day.
Laborer ror fireman or furr.aw work. $1U id.
•1 thw;> herders, fare $10 5", $30 fd.
LOOK.
All-round blacksmith, no fho^ing, fare $1,
*.< So day.
'"arriajte ualnter, north.
Tool drerrer. oil mills, bcs» hft*. $7.".
ENGINEERS. PLUMBERS.
Kr.pir.per. manuracturlnK ccmi^uny, $2 75 day.
1 lumber. c«juntry job. $4 day.
<*tK.k. *45: 2d <x<ok, $23: special job.
.".rd cock, city cafe. $5O fd.
3 boys torn to wait st tabl*>.. <-lty, $20 fd.
! •¦ \:r:- carpt-nter, city factor>'. $2 75 day.
• Ticroman. minp. bovv h^re, f4'» fd.
12 elnple hand mliwr*. bow> Iwre, $«! SO.
2 Etablenif-n, min«> town*. $40 fd.
UOSS HERE.
lv«lili> Cut ".-.i-.r.ii Sawyrr L. Co.. $5 day.
12 labor* r*. 10c far*-, tl 25 day fd.
lUarkFmlti) camp, K'c far* 1 , $45 fd.
' Floor man. blacksmith ehop, country. $75 fd.
MfRRY & READY, «i"4-«."6 Clay et.
WANTED for D. S. army; able-bodied un-
piarriec mm. t>etween tiers of and 3Sj
"ltlif-rifr of the l.'nite»1 Klat<-*. of rood charac-
ttr anfi tctnnerat*- habits, who can eiwak.
read and wrii>> Ens'.ich. Kor informatiea
apply to Recruiting Oilier, Rialto building.
Ntw Montgomery *t.. Sud Francisco, or 1U2*
Second rt., Sacrameuto, »;*l.
X^ L L
Men to learn the barber trade In two month*
end secure food positions: catalogue and full
i; '.' rrr-Hii- n mallei free. M OLE It System
Collece. «C5 Clay st. - .
WANTED — An enfre^Ic barber, well ac-
«u::ip*<<i. to take half ir.t<rr-r in a v<-I'-
i-stali!lFhed Fhcp in offlc»- building. Apply
room 2V1. £urr Kinsr building.
TUUETWORTHY p«*mon. county, to man-
' ajre local buslRess for «'hulesalp house; (20
v.r-/kly; ¦xfr.-<- advanced; permanent; no
expcricnCT*. Manager, Como Block, Chicago.
GOVERNMENT positlons^Call at 025 Golden
Gate ave., room 7, for frre information a*
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc; day
or t\r:AT.i:n.
KOR wile — 2-ch«ir barber «=hop; r*tabli5hed 10
yr-arr; fl'.iiig acc<.unt ill health. Address
W2 Main rt.. Stockton. - ».,
PARBERf< — 2-chaIr fhop; enap: can recom-
mend this. IiECKEL & PEESHER, S67
Twelfth st.. Oakltnd. .
BARBER wanted. 2»1 Seventh «t. ' •. ;'
BARBFR for Saturday. K9 Third st. ; wages $4.
BARBER wanted; steady Job. 1207 Scott st.
FOR SALE — Cheap. 3-chair barber ehop: 2
baths, laundry office and clrar stand: opp.
8. P. depot; good location: 1 door from P. O. ;
selling on account sickness. Address P. O.
box 2*1 Reno. Ner.
'WANTED — One first-class carriage blacksmith;
steady employment at $3 to $3 60 per day of
0 hours. Apply to A. MEISTER A ' BON'S
CO.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers end mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno Uous« proprietor, has
added 100 oew rooms to the Denver House.
Z17 Third st.: 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per nlgtit.
TRY cur men's choes. union made, at $1 and
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
fl SO p&lr; foot-form chocs at $2 SO; we pay
A BOY wanted at 225% Montgomery ave.
WANTED — • Two experienced barber shop
porters et Plata Barber Shop, Oakland.
KJRf-T-Cl^AKg carriage woodworker. LAR-
KINS A. CO.. CM Howard st.
COATUAKER or bushelmaa for country. Ap-
ply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter bt.
HOY about 16 or 17 for wholesale house; state
. k 4xt ted experience. Box 108&, C&U office. '
' .-^a^MS^^SBBBBBBSSSBMD&BBMSBBM^MaaSMS^BSMBHKBSSBBi
FREK TO ALL JTyj: TVTTT^^^ Q
WANT ADVERTISERS UN IN JUi^^ X O LJ IN J^JJ^l 1 kD V^jTll .14
AUCTION — 16 marine view, park and pan-
handle lots: Fulton st., street work /done;
Parker ave.- (100 feet wide): North SUnyan
rt.: McAlll«ter-«treet cars pass i -property;
THURSDAY, April 21. at 12 o'clock noon.
Union Square Hall. 421 Poet st.: terms. 1-3
cash, beiance • 1 and 2 years at 0 per cent:
observatory on ground, from which vl«w of
city, bay and ocean can be seen. t
Wort* 5+'
* J2f - j ''.-
Z nz +* I
hi °* 1
p si '** xT\
l.t ~ y/ * » ' I
9 Gl " T •< I
a '* •»¦ I ,
18'. ¦'*¦- *\
g //6 ¦¦¦¦» /
cs ••"> <-
s '?+ » \
*¦ " 3 I
\ soo 0T. mlom,
Fcr further oartlculars and catalogues, ap-
ply to HENRY STERN of David Stern &
gone, auctioneer and real estate broker, 11
Montgomery st.
EASTON.,ELDRIDGE A CO..
GRAND EXCURSION AUCTION SALE !
Saturday. April 23. 1004. fn the City of Chlco,
Of Town Lots and Acreaee Property, the
Ninth Addlticn ni the
Jchn Oldwell Kancho,
Fronting on Humboldt Avenue.
The excursion train will leave San Francisco
on Friday. April 22, at R p. m., from the
Market-street ferry, leavln* Sacramento at
3:30 a. m. Saturday, and will b« due at Chlco
on Saturday, April 23. early In the morning.
Pullman cars will be run with the train and
double berth* can be secured for two nights,
round trip, for $2. Returning, the train will
leave Chteo Saturday evening. 10 o'clock, ar-
riving in San Francisco early on Sunday morn-
ing.
Special reduced round trip tickets from aM
Intermediate points, good on local or excur-
sion train, of a single fare one way for tbe
round trip.
For further particulars, apply
' . EASTON. EL.DRIDGE & CO..
638 Market st.
$10,S50— CASH $2000; 3 swell flats not yet com-
pleted, but rented for $1200 per year; Seventh
ave. boulevard, 700-2-4. near Fulton St.; 16
minutes from City Hall; all .night car ser-
vice; every possible latest Improvement, in-
cluding bHuminized street; 25x120. Apply en
premises from 2 to 3. "
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANT.
INSTALLMENT HOMES, 512 Callaghan bid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$$ a month paya principal and Interest on
- each $1000 of balance due, making your in-
stallments less than rent: send for circular.
51.25 PER WEEK, no interest. Lota in the
"ExcPl3ior Homestead Tract: all level; no
• grading ! to do: ready to build your little bpeia
on; close to electric cars and school. «
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montscmery st.. room 3. . .
J6CC0— FOR a home that Is suitable for sum-
mer and winter residence; in San Mateo;
on car line: lot 100x180: S rooms and bath;
stable, chicken house and yard; easy terms.
D. COFFIN & CO., 3303 Mission st.
$6500— bargains; two cold this week; only two
left: Stf4 and S58 Clayton Ft. east side: ele-
cant substantial homes; houses open every
<'.ay. J. STIERLEN, owner and builder, on,
premises; Mascnlc-avenue cars to doer.
FOR sale cheap — Neat cottare: 4 rooms anl
bsth. large basement: terms same as rent.
Apply owner lumber yard, southeast corner
Alabame and Montcalm »ts.
Or.EAT reduction for 10 days only; elegant
i business location; lot »CxOO: Valencia at.,
near 22d. PATTERSON. Examiner bldg.
TWO rretty iiomn Just completed In tbe Mis-
sion: C room*, bath: about $1000 down, bal-
ance easy. See MOISE. S2O Sarmomf st.
FOR tale — Mcdern house. 6 rooms and bath: 2
cor lines: grand mirtne view: near Cliff
House. 410 Forty-fifth ave.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker bulld:n<.
BARGAIN: modern house, 7 rooms and base-
»ment. 1458 Ninth ave.. Sunset District.
MODERN cottaKe of 5 rooms for sale. 4015
Nineteenth st. '
ALL- work guaranteed first class by ALH-
BACH &. MAYER. Plumbers,_ST8^Howard st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents—^The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
RKAI. KSTATK— Cornitry—For Sale.
1400 ACRES at $6 50 per acre; only 00 miles
from San Francisco: to close up an estate.
See owner dally at 12:30. RICHARD KEAT-
INGE. 10S Jessie St., San Francisco.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit p»r annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. 6C3 J st. .
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento, Cal.
ALFALFA laiTda. stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. WS
Market Bt. .
PROPERTY WANTED.^
WANTED— Western Addition residence of
¦ about 0 rooms; good locality: about $5500.
Box 3S42. Call, - ¦ v ¦
OFFICES AND STORES TO L,/iT.
STORE to let; good location. Inquire at 199
Fourth st.. northeast corner Howard.
~ ~PAlrJl>STHY. ;£ /
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st., near Geary. 'Phone Black 561.
"pA^RHANGING^JMJXTrNG. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting, 'painting
Hartmann Paint Co.. 31» Third: tel.Maln413.
- PHYSICIANS AND SURGEON *.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021 H Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention, paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rental diseases a specialty.
PR. BALL. 1073% Market st. - " .
REMOVED- DR. WONQ HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body;. for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now. lo-
cated at 667 Geary su. near Leaven worth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LT Po
Tal. herb doctor, caret all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
rates cured by Chinese herbs. 74O-S Clay st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ¦'
SAN - FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
' •: ing Society, 5th floor. ; Mutual Savings Bank
- bulIdlng,«;0S Market St.. opposite ¦ Third—
'For tbe half year ending 31st of December.
¦ 1003. a dividend has ¦ been . declared, at * the
rate per. annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A." L.EON-
ARD. Manager.- HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
AT the regular directors' meeting of- the Call-
" fornla . Schuetzen Club . Park and * • Building
Association held: Wednesday,. April 0. a Jivi-
¦ : dend of 25 cents per share was declared, pay-
¦ able- on and after-J-'rlday. April . 13, at . the
" office of s the treasurer. . L.. J. 315
.- - Kearny St. OTTO • BREMER.- Secretary. -
_:''.- ;. LEGAL. ADVERTIMEMKXTS. ;.;
ON and after this date I will not be'responsl-
¦¦' ble forany, debts incurred by-my son,\Manuel
v (John) - Belrao. fTUutMUUmtc
- ;(Sl«ned):- . -.; .: MANUEL BE1RAO SB.
FREE 1 USEPUL.;.G1FT 'iFREEl I
TO ALL CLASSIFIED .ADVERTISERS.!
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL I
- NO SMOKE! NO SMELL! . . NO WASTE!
ALL GLASS. CONSUMES ITS OWN GAS. CANNOT LEAK.
/^Z-y^Z^llJl ¦"*/ ; X^^^5^^^i^ Lamp, shov/lnsr construction of Bulb, :-%,], ty Ci'^'^^is^
m mm JSSi*~ a ' , : Made in colors. Opal, .Green, Blue, "¦*"^OkTiRir«'iCflB«ssss<»^
Style No. i. - Purple and Amber. Style No. a..
ONE PINT OF OIL, costing about 1 CENT, will feed this lamp 200 HOURS.
Invaluable for Bedrooms. Sick Chambers, All-night Hall and Bath Room Light, Nurseries,
« - Lavatories, Dressing Rooms. Staircases, etc., etc.
This invention has for its object the production of a novel lamp, particularly desirable for use as a
night lamp. Lamps for this purpose need not produce a laree flame; in fact, a comparatively small flame is
more desirable, but it is also desirable that the lamp be capable of burning for a long period without refilling
and without attention and without emitting any odor. These results are positively obtained. Directions
ior use with each lamp. . '
— — : TELL YOUR WANTS — —
J. IN NEXT SUNDAY'S GALL *.
And you will be speaking direct to OVER 85,000 REGULAR
SUBSCRIBERS of that popular and valuable advertising medium.
It is safe to figure an average of- three readers to every Sunday Call issued, so you are really talking to
255,000 PERSONS, most pf whom are home people, consequently a well-to-do and desirable class of our
community to consider in locating your wants and advertising your wares.
\ Bring in your Want Ads THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY for insertion in NEXT Sunday's
Call. This premium can only be obtained by irscrting a Want Ajd in NEXT Sunday's Call.
' Premiums can be obtained, by presenting advertisements at:
1 ' BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night In the year. .
' ; BRANCH OFFICES: ¦ *
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
£27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
. - . .300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 r»^-rn* - <¦•* ,' ¦*- ¦.— » . . " ; " . ~ ." V
639 McAllister street: open until 9:83 p. m.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m. \ •
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth ; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.' e
1 . Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets: open until 9 p. m.
, Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
m 2200 FUlmore street; open ur.:ll 9 p. zn.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
214S Center Street ' .Telephone North 77
Schneider's Book Store ' Park StreetCroker's Horse Finishes First.
LONDON, April ':'. 14. — Richard
Croker's St. Patrick's Day won the
Newmarket Biennial . stakes at the
Newmarket Craven meeting to-day.
Bobby Johnson, the crack little
bantam-weight boxer, announces that
he will accept Abe '.AtteM's 'challenge
and make any weight the -latter de
mands. Frank Wandress, Johnson's
manager, says he will back his boy for
any amount.
Jolinson Would Meet Attell.
The baseball game between Oak
land and Seattle was postponed yes
terday afternoon on . account of the
rain. The teams will line up this
afternoon at the usual hour. Whitt
ridge will pitch for Oakland and
Hughes for Seattle.
Rain Prevents Ball Game.
Ladies 1 night at the Olympic Club
last evening was a marked success and
tl.e gymnasium, in which the enter
tainment was held, was packed. Kolb,
Dill, Barney Bernard and many other
prominent entertainers appeared in
connection with athletes of the club.
Olympians Entertain Ladles.'
LONDON, April 14. — The stewards
of the Jockey Club have withdrawn
their sentence warning Lester Reiff,
the American jockey, off the turf.
The stewards of the Jockey Club re
voked Reiff's license in October, 1901,
on the ground of his having lost a
race by design. Later they issued an
order warning Reiff off Newmarket
Heath.
Lester ReifT Is Reinstated.
Deputy sheriffs served attachments
yesterday on six dogs on exhibition at
the bench show, which belong: to the
Solomon Barnett College Kennels. Th<»
owners were sued by George H. Davis
yn a claim of $22 50. The dogs at
tached were one Great Dane, Jumbo;
two English setters. Biddy and Thoe
Gladstone; one Gordon setter, Fresno,
and two collies, Reno and Wag. An
amusing feature of the proceedings
was the awarding of first prize to Wag
while under attachment. The claim
was at once settled by the owner of
ihe kennels and the attachments were
roleaied. H r
Deputy Sheriffs Seize Six /Exhibited
Canines at Bench Show, but
Release Them on Settlement.
DOG WIN'S FIRST PRIZE
WHILE UNDER; ATTACHMENT
NEW YORK, April 14.— Bob FlU
simmona expressed hia willingness to
day to meet Kid McCoy either in a six
round contest or for the , middle
weight championship at twenty or
twenty-five rounds.' The Austral'an
¦will face McCoy in a six-round bout
inside three weeks If at catch weights.
If McCoy wants to fight for the cham
pionship Bob insists on three months'
time in which to train.
Fltz Offers to Fight McCoy.
The prizes offered are the most val
uable that have ever been set before
the marksmen here. ' On the honor
ary targets more than $1200 in va
rious merchandise prizes will be dis
tributed to the lucky winners. The
prizes on the rins targets' will amount
to about $500." The competition is ex
pected to be spirited, as the best tar
get shots of the city are already mak
ing side wagers on their scores. It is
the intention of the committee which
has the affair in hand .to invite all
'marksmen to a luncheon, which will
be spread in the large dining hall.
Meet of the California Schuetzen
Club.
The marksmen of this city and vi
cinity are getting their rifles in order
preparatory to taking part in the
spring shooting festival of the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club. The event will
take place on Sunday at Schuetzen
Park, San Rafael. Riflemen from San
Jose and Sacramento have sent word
of their intention to participate. The
opening festival of this club is looked
upon as the greatest event in rifle cir
cles in the State.
Sharp Competition Is Expected at the
MARKSMEX IX RKADIXESS
FOR THE SPRING FESTIVAL
Frisky Barbara vs. Globefell; Meddlesome
vs. Tralee Lass; Thetis vs. Pasha Pleasant;
Gold Lily vs. Cosette; Luxury vs. Dorothy M;
Black Coon vs. Aurella; Ragtime vs Qutta;
Game Boy vs. Firm Fellow; Real Duchess vs.
Terra Cotta; Prometheus vs. Wattles; Equator
vs. Lily Tork; Adonis vs. Spotless Beauty;
Orslna vs. Apple Blossom; Krishna vs. Rose of
Gold: Rolla Wells vs. Idleness: Northern Lad
vs. Haughty Helen; Loretta vs. Raby Aurora;
Octavlus vs. Don Pedro; Rector vs. Ouida;
Sea Lion Vs. Concord Boy; Ola'ucus vs. Craw
ford Belle; Young Johnny Rex vs. Balendlne;
Mi Amlgo vs. High Born: Sofala vs. Rich
Argosy; Frisky Boy vs. Toronto: Hermit vs.
Lucky Shamrock; Maid o' Glen vs. Recruit;
Toung Feariess vs. Royal Friend; Reckless
Acrobat vs. Silver Cloud; Yellowtail vs. Bel
fast; Bob R vs. Northern Alarm; Vina v«.
Commercial Traveler.
Sixty-foUr well matched greyhounds
will start in the open stake on Sunday
at Ingleside Coursing Park. The draw
last night resulted as follows:
Well Matched Coursers Will Meet on
the Field in an Open Event on
Sunday.
SIXTY-FOUR GREYHOUXDS
IX IXGUESIDE PARK STAKE
THURSDAY. APRIL 14.
City and County of San Francisco to Inez S.
Hutton. lot on W line of Franklin street,
l«:l^-j S of Fulton, S l'Al:iyi. W 57:ti N
17. W 10:6. N 1*0:3, W 4:6, N 31:6 W 10,
N 34:4V., E 82:0; $ .
Jane Lewis to George H. Luchsineer, lot
on S line of Golden Gate avenue. 145 W of
Ovtavia. W 37:6 by S 137:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Lls
sette Dinkelspiel, lot on S line of Hayes street.
240 W of Webster. W 35 by S 137 :B; $ .
Savings and Loan Society to Josephine B.
Cousens, liss I>. 373. lot on SW corner of
Sutter and Webster streets, S 27:6 by \V 93,
quitclaim deed; J .
Josephine A. Cousens to Rosamond L. Cox,
S3me; flO.
City and County of San Francisco to Louis
B. and Albine Perramont, lot on S line of
Bush street. 127:4 E of Fillmore, E 31 by S
137 :t>; J .
Jc.hanrct-s L. and Mary Faust to M. F. and
Atna lieier, lot on W line of Pierce street,
ti2:0 S of Greenwich, S 25 by W 137:6; $20.
Mary M. and Louis Schult* to Edward C.
Lexdls. lot on NE corner of. Filbtrt and Scott
etreots. N 137 :G by E 30; $10.
Matthew I. Sullivan to .Margaret O. Cal
lachan. lot on W line of Baker street 107:6
S ot Green. S 30 by W 104; 810.
Thomas B. Bishop to Joseph J. Porter, lot
on W line of Cook etreet, 552 N of Point Lobos
avenue. N 27 by W 120, deed; $5.
: Joseph J. Porter to 'Maria Porter, same;
rift.
James C. Jordan to Fred TV. Butler, lot on
E line ot Michican avenue. 466:>S N of Rich
mond avenue. N 33:4 by E 120; $10.
Hugo K. Asher to Jacob Adams, lot on W
line of Treat avenue. 125 S ot Nineteenth
street. S 25 by W. 122:6; $10.
Matilda H. Hall to Thomas J. and Frances
W. Henderson, lot on E line of Dolores street,
122 N of Twenty-second, N 30:6 by E 117:6;
510.
William R,"- and Acnes K. Finlay to Gustav
Siebrecht, lot on N line of Fourteenth street,
175 W of Sanchez, W 2o by N 03; $10.
City and County of San Framlsco to Moses
Ffs.her. lot on N line of Fifteenth street, 30
E of Noe. E 60 by N 105; $ .
I William H. and Annie E. Lambert to Alice
and James R. Collins, lot on W line of San
Jose avenue, 67:S»-i NE of Day street, W
Sl:»i"i. N 20. E Ul.OTi. SW 27:ll» g ; $10.
Oscar Heyman to Margherita A. Enos (wife
of John), lot on SE corner of Day and Noe
streets, S 101:6 by E 20:3; 510.
Herman O. Hoppmann to Frank G. Wisker,
lot on N line of Twenty-fifth etreet. 130 E of
Noe. E 25 by N 114; $10.
Luigl and Lulgria Artana to Eduardo Effl
slmo, lot en W line of Vincent street. 97:6 N
of Green. N 20 by W 57:6; $10.
Herbert A. Yoell to Henry Brunner. undi
vided Vi of lot on W line of Montgomery
street, 68:9 S of Bush, S 34:4^6 by W CO;
grant.
Genevieve M. . Parkhurst to same, undivided
44 of san-.e; crant.
J. D. and; May Hannah to Joseph Baer. lot
on S line of Commercial street. 4S:5 W of
Kearny. W 20 by S 69:6; $10.
Joseph F. I'pson to Max W. Zuckcrman, lot
on E line of Brooklyn place, 57:6 S of Sacra
mento. S 20 by E 57:6; $10.
Willard M. .Smith to Annie L. Russell, lot
on W line of Monroe street. 118:0 S of Pine;
alFo 195 W of Stockton, S 18:6 by W 80;
valuable consideration.
Benjamin S. and .«usie E. Wilkins to Cali
fornia Title Insurance and Trust Company,
lot on N line of Ewer place, 117:6 W of
Mason, N «0, W 20, S 35. W 80. S 25. E 50,
S 22:6. E 30, S 51. E 51:8, N 50, W 51:8, N
17:6, E 20: $10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Ann C. Hart (wife of Jerome A.),
same; $10. _
Same to same, lot on W line of Mason street,
20 N of Sacramento, N 20 by W 60; $10.
Henry L. and Annie G. Davis to California
Title Insurance and Trust Company, lot on W
line of Mason street, 100 N of Sacramento, N
20. W S5:10, S 58, E 25:10, N 38. E 60; $10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Ann C. Hart (wife of Jerome A.),
same; $10.
Same to same, lot on N- line of Sacramento
street. 87:6 W of Mason. W 50 by N 64; $10.
Same to same, lot on W line of Mason street,
40 N of Sacramento. N 40 by W 00; $10.
.Same to same, lot on W line of Mason street,
SO N of Sacramento. N 20 by W 60; $10.
Estate of Bernhard Classen et al. to Eda E.
or Beronio. lot on E line of Taylor street,
137 :C S of Post. S 20 by E 57:6; $10,000.
Alberto W. Augepurgr to Louise T. Augspurg,
lot on NE corner of Jones street and Broad
way, E 44, N 77:0. E 23:6. S 7:6, E 50, N
«7:6, W 117:6. S 137:6; Kift.
Isaac and Therese Bueh to George M. Con
verse, lot on E lin* of Larkln street. 25:6 S of
Sacramento. S 25 by E- v 100; $10.
Andreas Zihn to Mary\R. J. Thorp. Elizabeth
D. Emma A. and Clara G. Zlhn. lot on RW
line of Fifth street. 30 NW of Howard. NW
25 by SW 75; also lot on SE line of Folsom
street. CO SW of Tenth. SW 25 by SE 100:
also lot on SE line of Jessie street, 373 NE
of Sixth. NE 27 by SE 70; also lot on N line of
Page street. 57:6 W of Lyon, W 25 by N 05;
rift
Otto turn Suden to Hagemann Brewing Com
pany (corporation); lot on SW line of Hayward
street 100 SE of Harrison. SE 25 by SW
80; $5.
Phos W.. Katherlne A., Christopher C.
and LUy A, Rivers to Anna Matt«>n. lot on
S line of Nineteenth street. 75 E of Utah, E 25
by S 100; $10.
Joseph and Amarllla M. Stctt ' to Amelia
Bennlng. lot on E line of Twentieth avenue,
14« N of California street. N 20 by E 120; $10.
James J. and Pauline W. O'Nelllto Theodore
Thorsen, lot on W line of Fourth avenue, ICO
N of Clement street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
George A. Turner and Clara T. Hahmann to
Charles A. Trumbly. lot on W line of Twelfth
avenue 200 S of B street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Mllto'n S/ Hagen to Julia A. McLeod. lot on
55 line of Hugo street. 120 E of Seventh ave
nue. E 25 by S 110; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to Kate Connlff lot
on W line of Thirty-seventh a\-enue. , 150 N
of R streett. N 125 by W 120; also lot on W
line of Thirty-seventh avenue, 125 S of Q
street S 1W by W 120; $10.
Mamie Revett (Griffin). Morris and Frank
Griffin to Sarah E. Murray, lot on NW corner
of Twenty-fifth and Massachusetts streets N
•^00 by W 200. lots 1 to 8. 13 to 16, block 501,
Salt Marsh; $10.
Emll A. Hermann to Augusta A. Hermann
lot on B line of Dame street. 475 N of Ran
dall, N 25 by E 110, lot 2 block 28, Fairmount
Homestead: gift. $&v$l$
Builders' Contracts.*
C. A. Johnson (owner) . with R. Rcchenbach
(contractor), architect— All work except
mantels, shades, gas fixtures for a three-etory
frame building on N line of Twenty-fourth
street, 25 E of San Bruno avenue, 25 by 100;
SC300. . ¦¦-¦•' ¦ •• ••
John Fisher (owner) with William Helblng
contractor), architect — All work for two
throe-story frame buildings (flats) on NE cor
ner of Stanyan and Grove streets, 50 on Stan
yan by 100:3 on Grove; $25,800.
Charles and Jessie Dick (owners) with N. H.
Spauldlng (contractor), architect Charles
Haynes — All work for a two-story and base
ment frame building on N line of Sixteenth
street. 210 W of Noe.: W 25: $6795. " ;
Schmidt Bros, (owners) with G. H.. and S.
Walker (contractors), architect W. . O. . Banks —
All work for a two- story frame building and
stable on SW corner of - Filbert and Flllinor©
•treets. S 35 :« by, W : 100; . $5140. . . .
REAIi KSTATK TRANSACTIONS.
Young HIn, a billposter, was arrested
by Sergeant Christianson and posse for
posting reward signs on telegraph
poles. v;.^;?
The Alaska Commercial and other
packing and fishing companies have
been losers to the of several
thousand dollars by the escaping of 150
Chinamen engaged to go to Alaska for
the fishing season. Each of the escaped
men was paid from $50 to $250 advance
money to engage him for the season.
Chin Jim of the Chinese Educational
Society, who does most of the advance
business for the Alaska companies,
yesterday posted signs bearing offers of
reward aggregating $3000. Chin Jim
has engaged several hundred Chinamen
to go to Alaska for the coming season.
Two or three days ago he began to
collect his men, and discovered that
most of them had decamped with the
advance money. Agents -for several of
the other companies doing fishing and
packing business in the far north have
made the same complaint.
A' special meeting of the Six Compa
nies, was held last night to determine
what course to pursue to capture the
absconding men. Last night a squad
of a dozen Chinese went in search of
the missing men, and* incidentally of
rewards. They caught one of the men
at the corner of Turk and Taylor
streets, surrounded him and triumph
antly bore him to. the Six Companies'
headquarters, where he will be confined
until he makes good the amount paid
to him by the agents.
The rewards are approximately $20
for each man taken into custody. The
wholesale skipping out of contract la
borers is an annual happening in Chi
natown. The number of Chinamen that
have decamped this year is larger than
ever before. The local police have not
been notified, the Chinese choosing to
capture their own men and thus get
the rewards themselves.
"WASHINGTON, April .14. — Senator
Dietrich of Nebraska has been declared
by a x special committee of Congress to
be guilty of any violation of the
statutes of the United States or of
any corrupt or unworthy conduct re
lating: either to the appointment of
Jacob Fisher as Postmaster at Hast
ings, Nebr.. or the leasing of the build
ing in that city to the United States
for a postofflce.
The committee which investigated the
charges against Senator Dietrich was
composed of Senators Hoar, Platt of
Connecticut, Spooner, Cockrell and Pet
tus. Three members of the committee
are Republican and two are Democrats.
The report was unanimous. .
The report reviews the testimony at
length, and the conclusion is reached
that the charges cannot be sustained.
The committee, with reference to the
lease of the building at Hastings, finds
that it was effected while Dietrich was
Governor of Nebraska - and before he
became a Senator; that it extended for
ten years, and that the law governing
in such matters was not violated. The
report says the committee admitted
only such evidence against Senator
Dietrich as would have been competent
in a court of justice, but also a great
deal of hearsay testimony, being all
which was brought to the attention of
the committee as a possible clew for
further, information.
This course, the report says, was
taken with the consent of Senator
Dietrich, and it is stated that the com
mittee "did not determine how-far this
proceeding would have been justified
for any reason without such consent,
even if it had carefully refrained from
attaching any Weight to it In its final
decision, but it in fact did not in the
least, tend to shake or affect the con
clusions it had reached."
.-At -the^conclusion of 'Goodwin's : re
marks', the" meeting : was adjourned • by
the • chairman. \, ." l ','
•".' -"" — ; — -...¦'.?*,.'.." !
. Kveiy. one should know howtoiroiid ?
gas meter. Cardsi.-.givihgVfull-instruc
tions may be "• had ! free ;. from S.' F. Gas
;andjElectrIcJCo.^415tPost;st.:>/;! •..
, The system ¦; we i advocate Is', a . business sys
tem. The first object of a'clvll service law is
to • abandon ,• political \ Influence ¦ In - the ;: election
of, officers.'; If it 'does not .work weir. In any
one place It Is the fault of , the administration
and not of , the laws. ;:.; , .
Now and again I have seen attempts made
to wreck the civil, service ..In New York, and
Governor Black once took great pride In taking
the starch 'out of; the; law.;
New York' andv Massachusetts* are. the only
States that have already • adopted civil service
laws... In other, cities, such as r Chicago.- Mil
waukee, Denver. - San Francisco. \ Portland, and
Los • Angeles, considerable progress has been
made.'^Tj» < t!llfe*fP > SWHB88iHaila^M^l9a3WfcjE
I have come to this city. In an unofficial ca
pacity, " representing private . citizens that want
civil .service slaws. Great progress has been
made -in our cause, and. while we are 'greatly
encouraged/ 1 1 feel that there Is as much to be
done In the future as there has been done In
the past. . "' ' ¦ -^BKJgBJgE&ggiSBPtea^
Organized public sentiment Is responsible for
the great 6tridea in civil service government.
Since the year. 188;; s the civil service law; has
been the constant subject of attack by Congress.
We . have f therefore - to congratulate | ourselves
on holding our' ground as \ we have In the dif
ferent States and cities. - ; '
I am a stanch admirer t Roosevelt and be
lieve the country owes to him the fact that
the law Is supreme, and. whether he deals
with friend or fee, strong or weak, he is
Just to the extreme.
But as for civil service. It was commenced
only • twenty years ago. and already It Is es
tablished in 125,000 places. In a few years
more it will cover every place in the Govern
ment service. ¦ y. '
Elliott H. Goodwin' was the next
speaker. In part he said :
ROOSEVEI/T 1IOXEST.
I ani afraid I have been misunderstood on
the subject of | labor organization. A trades
union Is a voluntary organization and I readily
see where It has many advantages. I , realize
the great profits' In shorter hours and the re
striction of woman and child labor. ¦ That the
condition of labor governs the condition of the
country there Is no doubt. .
I am also croud to say that not a single
man of all that were Indicted received his po
sition through a competitive examination.
According to the rules of the civil service, a
man is not appointed to office without having
pasted* a> conuietltlve examination. Hereto
fore men that were qualified to pass examina
tions were afraid to take them, for they knew
that" If they did pass someone else with more
political pull than they would be elected.
In. the postofflee service letter carriers and
other minor officials have been unable to ever
attain the position of postmaster. They were
allowed to advance just so far and no farther.
Postmasters were elected that were totally ig
norant of the ' postal service. A man cannot
make a good postmaster. until he has been a
carrier. •
Mr. Chairman, Gentlemen: I am glad of this
opportunity to talk to you of the cause we
represent, and am glad to see that San Fran
cisco in a city that is proud of its nation. I
can aswure you that the nation Is proud of ban
Francisco.
There Is no city that has greater opportunl-.
tle«» or a morn favorable . outloook than San
Francisco. It is the greatest commercial me
tropolis on the Pacific Coast, but as time rolls
along -it will become even greater than It Is
to-day. For this reason the people should be
careful of a good administration and realize
their responsibility for the government ( that
exiuts at nny time.
Throughout the entire United States people
were surprised and shocked to hear of .the re
cent postofflce corruption, but I am proud to
say that at the head of the nation there was
fi. man that was honorable and just enough to
punish the guilty and to allow none to escape.
KV, SERVICE MEX CL.EAX. -/v;;
President Rogers of the San Fran
cisco Civil Service Commission made a
strong address, dealing with the great
Improvement in San Francisco politics,
due to the election of officials through
civil service rules and the great de
crease in position obtained by political
pulls. ¦>
Alford Cooley was next introduced by
Supervisor Brandenstein. Cooley was
heartly applauded. In part he said:
- Arthur McArthur, leader of organ
ized labor, next spoke. He compared
the present administration with some
of those of the past, very favorably to
the present. He said: "One needs only
to enter the doors of the^City Hall to
smell the change. The methods and
men are cleaner than they ever have
been before." After welcoming the
visitors he concluded.
Edward Coffee of the Municipal
Service Employes' Association was the
next to speak. In part he said:
"I have the honor of representing a
body of mechanical and clerical erri7
ployes, appointed under civil service
rules, namely, after competitive ex
aminations. The object of this'asso
ciation is to promote good feeling and
harmonious relations with the heads of
departments. To protect ourselves as
we can within our right. The 260 mem
bers of our association extend a hearty
welcome to Mr. Cooley and Mr. Good-
CITY IS CLEAX.
Alford W. Cooley and Elliott H.
Goodwin, member of the United States
Civil Service Commission and secretary
of the Civil Service Reform League, re
spectively, were tendered an informal
greeting* on the part of tne city and
county of San Francisco In the Super
visors' chamber last evening.
H. U. Brandenstein' was elected to
the chair and presided over the meet
ing:. He first introduced John W. Me-
Naught, who made a brief but eloquent
address, manifesting hiB cordial greet
ings to the visitors irom the East.
A resolution was read to the effect
that Cooley and Goodwin were heartily
welcomed by the people of San Fran
cisco, not pnly because of their un
doubted ability and willingness to con
tribute to the development and im
provement of the civil service system,
but more particularly because they are
representatives of the American people
and the United States Government.
The resolution , was as follows:
1 Resolved. That the city and county of San
Francisco extend to Alford W. Cooley a mem
ber 01 the United : States Civil Service Com
mission, and Elliott H. Goodwin, secretary of
the Civil. Service League, a deep and sincere
welcome. I
. PLEDGED TO REFORM.
This city has pledged Itself by Us charter
to the principles of civil service reform. -By
that same instrument It ha* determined I or
all time its recognition of the absolute justice
an<i reason of those principles. . It understands
that the moral and the commercial welfare of
the community are vitally and Immediately
connected with the intelligent and honest ad
ministration of Its governmental affairs. It
accepts as- established the rule that the basis
of all successful government is Its adminis
tration by competent men. It holds all the**
doctrines axiomatic and is alive to the neces
sity for their permanent establishment in
actual practice to make Its government ef
fective. 1 .¦
It welcomes the visit of these distinguished
gentlemen that It may learn from them where
in our civil service system may be perfected.
This city is an essential and an Immediate
part of the Union. The progress and welfare
of San Francisco seriously concern the Gov
ernment of the United States. It is the aim
or' this municipality, therefore, to bring Itself
Into close touch with the Federal Government,
Vt encourage actively and vigorously conditions
that will stimulate the Intimacy of San Fran
cisco and Washington, that the Federal Gov
ernment shall understand that It I* in a large
measure the guardian of our commercial In
terests. San Francisco greets Washington and
attests its attachment and loyalty to the com
mon covernment. of us all.
Investigators Unanimous m
Opinion That Accused Is
Not. Corrupt or Unworthy
Say San Francisco Has a
Brilliant Future With
a Good Administration
Celestials Sired for Fish
ing Business in Alaska De
camp With Advance Coin
ONE CHINAMAN CAUGHT
.-¦.,¦ ¦ - ¦. .
COMPLIMENT THIS CITY
HE VIOLATED NO LAWS
An Informal Reception Is
Tendered Alford Cooley
and Elliott H. Goodwin
Report of Special Congres
•sional Committee Finds
Nebraska Senator Innocent
Chin Jim, Local Agent for
Alaska Commercial Com
pany, Posts Many Rewards
CONTRACT MEN
ROB EMPLOYERS
CIVIL SERVICE
MEN WELCOMED
DIETRICH NOT
A GUI LT Y MAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,^FRIDAY, APRIL 15, Ipfc
14
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
KAIL WAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Perry. Foot of Market Street.
SAN PBA2TCISCO TO SAN SAFAEL.
• WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 0:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30,0. m.
Saturdaya — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— S:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
3:30. 5:00. 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEI TO SAN PSANCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05, 7:35. 7:50. 9:20, 11:15
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p. m. /
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40.
3:40, 4:55, 5:05. C*25 p. m.
Leave | In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | Sept. 27, 1903. [San Francisco.
Week | Sun- i Destlna- •! Sun- J Week
Days. | days. | tlon. ( days. ( Days. ..
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:3ftp 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p| 5:00 p 7:35 p - ,
7:30 a I 9:10 a] S:40 a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a|10:20a
3:30 p 9:30 a Pctaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a '[ 110:40 a 10:20 a
' . 8:00 al : Fulton. I 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p| , ' ' \ . *
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:80 p 3:30 p Geyservllle, 7:35 p 6:20 p
. Cloverdale. |
7:30 a 8:00 a Hopland 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p and Uklah. - 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Willits. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al ~ 110:40 al 10:20 a i
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guerneville. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p j
7 :30 al 8:00 al . Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a '
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. |6:05p|G:20p
,7:30a| 8:00 a 110:40 a! 10:20 a
3:30 pj 3:30 p Sebaatopol. ( 7:35 pj 6:20 p
¦ STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin, at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton lor Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and, Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Lierly's
Bucknells. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Orr*s
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg
Wcst.Potnt. Usal; at Willits for Fort Bragg)
Westport, Sherwood, Canto, Covelo. Layton-
vllle, Cummlngs. Bell's Springs, Harris Ol-
sen's. Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia
and ; Eureka.
•Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. - , '
On Sunday 'round-trip tickets to all points
beyond- San Rafael at half rates., • -
.Ticket offices. 630 Market street. Chronicle
building. ¦ '¦ „ ,
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
: Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. 'Act.
IWf . Tamalpais Railway
"r~~~L*ave~"~ Tla SnaUite twrj . Arrive ¦ ~
SaaFrandbf >MtrfE«rtata Saa Praactof^
Week • Sun- i^^^' 1 '' ' Sim- I Week
Days. day» Jonvflt^^ <*ay» Days.
•»B«0A - 8:OOa E£*£e&&BtM l»JO»p 10:40|
•l:4Bi" 0:00a 1@wSCb^7 *s**f »:50f
B:15rlO:OOA »:SOp 5:5O»
11:OOa «:5Of ©5*O»
-'TiaiT 1 626 Maxjuct ST^(North Shore Railroa35"
Onus } «ad SiStAUtoFniT. Foot Market St
noOMS FOR HOt'SKKEDFIXG Con.
WASHINGTON. 1323. near Jonc*— To coupU
without children, three very desirable house-
K'rt .Iiik rooms: nicely furnished; tiath. fln«
kitchen, etationan- tub*. Vard; » oul <> ™*
tulte to two gentlemen. Phone Butter 41.L.
ATAS.TVLS1SX BOU3E3.
A ST. HILA1RE APARTMENTS
UACCNA ST.. *TEAn GEART
Will be ready for occupation in a few
ca>». Everything new'. Make your
Twrvatloni now. Elecantly lurnlsnefl
apartments with privat*. bath— 2. 3 aad
4 ro«m«i: steam heat; electric llrht; ele-
vator; private phones; rate» reasonabla.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will b* f5nished March 15.
106* PUTTER 6T-. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully licht and eunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each: ail unfurnished ; $27 60 to $40.
Makr rest- rvatlon» now.
ET. CEC1LE. 115 Fell, above Van N«s- Tb«
acme of perfection in elesantly furn. 3-rooni
apartments; private baths, steam h»at. eleo-
.trlc licrhts. «>lev»tor. eas rang**: CO to Hi.
6TV LOUIS Tb7S Jackson rt.— Modern ;f-4-S
room»: also single: furnlshefl cr unfurnished;
marine view: r«-fer»nc«>t». Phone Eayt l.riO.
ROOMS TO LET-— Furn. nnd Cnfar». ]
AURORA, comer Second and Folsom ets. — New
house. n*w furniture; ever)' room outElde;
modern and wunny; prlc«?« from II 50 per
week up; this 1« the only up-to-date house In
into vicinity: first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK~Hou»«. 14« Sixth rt.— Rooms
25c to (1 p«r nlcht. $1 25 to $5 per week and !
lirht houselwping rooms; open all ;:!ght.
AT "The Almonte," S73 Market et. <or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Room*. 25c, 50c. 51, *1 50 night;
$1 M to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 142C Market 'old No. 13C4)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; ali*j unfurnished.
CLlFKORr*, 204 ElliF, ccr. Mason— Elegastly
furnlshe<3 sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CfMMINGJ! <Th*>). CIS Tost. nr. Taylor— Just
opened: desirably located: sunny single rooms
and suites, with private bath?, hot and cold
water, ilcani heat, electric lights, phonr every
morn: eltvator. Phone East 1.T17 if desired.
EI>LIS. 611 — Nicely furnished nunr.y front
•uite; front alcove room, light housekeeping.
J 11JJ1ORK, 1124. nr. Golden Gate ave. — One
or two refined people can find neatly fur-
nished outside rooms In modern flat.
FOR BinglF gentleman. In private home (no
r>»h«>; loomct*): a tarpp. sunny, furnished
room, with bath adnintns; 4 blocks from
f«rk entrance and X blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2C24, Call office.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 35c
to Jl 25 night: SI 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
GRANT AVE.. 7 — Nicely furnished sunny
suite, suitable 4 gentlemen: also e'.ngle rms.
HARRISON', 7K4'i. near 4th— Fine furnished
sunny mms: bath; homelike; $1 week up.
HAYtS. 9."— -Swell 4-r<x>m bath, paneled dfn-
lng-roem: finest In city: see this be.'ore rent.
LARKIN. *04 — Sunny front room, 1 cr 2 gen-
tlejnen: ST per month.
IJOTAL Hrmse. 12rt Ellis— Incandescent lights,
r»a<J ing-room, sm«->klng-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. S5c to ?1 5«; week. $2
to $*: rr.or.lh. Ss tn $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
BTOCKTON. 41 and 45 — Nicely furnished sun-
ny front suites, also single rooms, for gentle-
men; $1 5u. $2 50 to $S iveek.
THE ST. KATHRTN, N.E. cor. Leaven worth !
and Ellis—^Sunniest rooms in the city; new
hotel; just fun.i*-li<-d trcsh and clean: hair
mattirsFc? In every room; also hot and cold
»atcr, baths, etc.: steam heat throughout;
elevator service and every modern conveni-
ence; rocme from $3 per week up.
TURK. 32- Newly furr.l^hed sunny room*, en
suite or single: transient; just opened. '
ulttTElTsTATEP. 12if Eddy, neaTMlirket— 400
rooms, S5e to ?1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric llghu <no gas», running water In every
room: elevator. read. -room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth— EJe<-tric light in every
ronm; 15c to $1 a night: 75c to jr. a week;
open all night; convenient to all cars.
VAN NESS ave., 619 — Elegant front parlor*
and adjoining suite for office or club.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3<J st.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms: \
«5c t" $1 50 night; $2 to $fc wwk; elevator; '
*l>c. lights: read ing -room: free bu»: baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
•'all branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
HOOMS AVI) IIO All U.
EDGEMERE HOTEL.
T31 Bush et.. above Powell; select first-
daas residential hotel: elegantly furnished
and table unsurpassed; electric light: steam
heated and private exchange telephones In
every room; terms reasonable.
B. DU CARPE. Prep.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEART ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
"BOARD with private family, situated within
IS minutes of business section. Address box
1<2», Tall office.
HOWARD, MIA— First-cla-s board with room,
tingle or double. J.vj'5 week; American fam-
ily : home cooking: home comforts: piano.
HOTEL EL6MKRE. 41S Hutter — Sunny suites.
».ngle rmi-.: excellent table: moderate prices.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Elegantly furnished
fultey. with baths; also single; homelike.
miwixg machines axd supplies.
v^u^sia1c^no~m??takH '^~" vwvw -'- -"
But get th* best sewing machine on earth
when you buy the White. We are closing
r>ut a lot of new machines that are eiightly
tshop worn at one-half and one-third regular
price*. White Sewing Machine Co. officca
"f0 Post St., 1S41 Fillmore st.. and 708 Va-
lencia «t.
RENTERS — Tf have 100 new drop bead White
sewing machines for rent; quick service;
btst machine?; telephone Rlack HOC. White
Sewing Machine Co.. U00 Post st.
DOMESTIC— The machine lor family use;
best is cheapest; second-hand all makes at
• By orice: all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domett lc office. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — 6ee our new trlsle-feed ma-
chines; sllrhtly used; flO. $15. $20; second-
hand. $3. J5. M; all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. JOEI Market st.
— —^^ »^-i
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EAXiS
positively cured; new methods; l week's treat-
ment free Dr. Cottlncham. 2r>4 Sutter «t.
SIX)T MACHIM2S.
¦M machines. $25; punchers. $25 : lifters card
tsach!ne*.$20. W.A.Bradford Ca.1185 Market.
AXD STAMMERIXO.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Neis^&^MlTkeT
promlfceg cure if in fair health; hours 1 to 5.
PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY of California. Berkeley. Notice
to contractors., builders and material men
Notice is hereby given that sealed bids are
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the msterlals for the granite ar.d
brick work for California Hall on the grounds
of the University of California at Uerkelev
«:aMornia. and said bids will be received at
the office of the Regents, South Hall Berke-
ley, at or before 12 o'clock in., of April
twenty-fifth. 1304. Plans and specifications
of «aid sxanite and brick work have been
adopted and may be examined dally «t orfice
of the Regonte from 9 a. m. until 4pm
No bids will be considered unless accoml
panied by a certified check or bond of bidder
In favor of the Regents of the University of
California, eoual to ten (10) per cent of his
bid with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
If «ald bid be accepted, the bidder will ouly
enter into a proper contract to faithfully
perform the duty and obligations in accord-
ance with said bid and with the plans and
spe^'fic* 11 ' 0118 wb'eh are hereby required to be
a part of surh contract. The right to reject
nny and a!l bld« Is hereby reserved. By or-
der of the Committee on Grounds and Build-
" inss of the Board of Regents. V. II Ht;\--
DliRSON. Acting Becretpry.
PROPOSALS for subsistence supplies. Office
Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco, Cal
April 15. 1904— Sealed proposals for furnish!
Ing and df llvering of euch quantities of cub-
rlrtence supplies, delivered at such wharf or
wharves or such warehouses In San Kran-
Hsco. Cal.. a« per circular to be seen at this
office, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m.. Wedneeday. April 27, llXVj, an( i
opened immediately thereafter In presence of
bidders. Specifications, general Instructions
to bidders and tjlank forms of proposals will
be furnished to established dealers on appli-
cation to C. R- KRAl'THOFF. Major Coin'y.
PROPOSALS for coal — Office of General Super-
intendent Army Transport Sen-ice, San Fran-
cisco Cal., April S. 1904. Sealed proposals
In triplicate for furnishing end delivering at
Honolulu. H. T.. four thousand six hundred
tons average steam coat, subject to twenty
p«r 'cent Increase or decrease, will be re-
ceived at this office until * p. m.. April 28.
1904. and .then opened. Information fur-
BiEbed on application. Envelopes contain-
ing proposal* should be Indorsed. "Proposals
for Coal for Honolulu," and addrccccd to C.
a. L»»vol, General Superintendent,
-p a n 'WAYJfSAVEL
/^^-trr>S^_\ Traln« leare and »r»
[qP^^^$\ duetoarr!v»mt
IE* Lct%V^lsr*\'Z\ SAN FRANCISCO.
\^\^ f~ =^T^ / \ J F«MT DZTOT
\^J /• i (Foot of Market Street)
¦i,.*™ - •"MATgrpNE. -
7^0* Benlcla. Soisun. Elmlra «nd Sacra- _^_
7^0* Va?'e%" JfapaC'CallVtogs. Santa
Uot«. Martinez. Sub Ramon..... BZOf
i 7 30a Nlle». LtTermore. Tn»cy, Latbrop.
% Stockton.; k";*V
8.00a 6h»«» Express— (Via D«Tt.*i.
William* (for Bartlett Spring!). -
Willows. tFmto. Ked Bind.
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle...... J.bOr
8.00a DstIs. Woodland. Knights Lauding.
Mwy»Tllle. Oro»Ule /-50r
8.30a Port Costa. Martinez. Antloch. *
Bjron. Tracy, Stockton. New-
nan. Los r.Rnon. Mend ota.
Arraonu. Hanford. Vlsalta.
Portervllle 4 «2°'
830a Port Cona. Latarop. Modesto.
Merced. Fresno, Goanen Junc-
-<"¦ i tlon. Hanford, Vlnalia, Bakers- •
Held 45Of
8.30a Nile*. 8»n Jo»e., Llvermore. Stocit- %
ton. (tMllton). lone.. Sncntmeoto,
Placerrllle. MarysTllle. Chlco,
Red BlalT 4.20'
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestowa. 8©-^ _^
nora. Tnolnrane and Angel* 4-Zup
900a AtUntlc Kxpresi— Ogden»ndE»«t. 11.20*
9.30a Richmond, Martinez and Way
Stations ---.. BSOr
IOOOa Tbe OTerland Limited — Ug-dea.
Denrer. Omaha, Chicsgo 8.20p
10.00a Vsllejo 1220^
tO.OOA Los Anreleg Panenger — Port
Cotta, MarUnex, Byron. Traey.
I.sthrop. Stoekton. Merced.
Raymond. Fretno, Gothen Jnne-
tloa, Hanford, Lemoore, Vis alia.
Bakertflcld. Lot Angelen vi2'
1200m Hayward. Nllesand WayStattont. 3.2gp
n .OOr Eacrtmento River Steamert til OOr
3.30r Benlcla. Winter*. Sacramento.
fToodland. Knfgntt Landing,
MarrtTllle, Orofllle and way -_/'_.
ttatlont 1 9'f2i
SJOp Hayward. Nllet and Way Stations.. 7.60r
3.30r Port Costa. Martinez, Byron.
Tracy. Lathrop. Modetto.
Merced, Berenda. Freino «nd
"Way Stations beyond Port Coita 12z0r
5.30P Toseraite Valley. Moo.. Wed.. Frt. 920*.
3.30f Wtxtlnex, Traey. Stockton. Lodl... 10.20a
4.00* Mart1nez.SanUamon.Va;ieJo.J!apa.
CalUtoca. S»nt« Roon 9-21U
4 OOp Nllet, Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 4.20p
430r Uaywnrd. Nllet. Irrtngton, San I 18.50a
• ' Jo»e. Llrermore 1 JH.oOa,
B.00p Tie Owl Limited— Newman, Lo«
Banoii. Mendoca, Freino. Talaro,
BakenBeld. Lot An«rele«.
Golden State Limited Sleeper.
Oakland to Lot Angele*. for Chi-
cago. Tla C. R. I. * P. (last trip
April 19) 920a
6.O0P Port Cotta. Tracy. Stockton 1220r
ib$Ur Hayward. Niles and San Jote 7.20a
6.00P Hayward. Klletand San Jose 9 SO*
BJJOr Eattern Exprem— Opden. Denrer,
Omaba. fit. Loatt. Chicago and
-. : Eatt. Port Co*ta. Benicia. Sul-
tun. Klralra, Darin, Sacramento,
Rocklln. Auburn. Colfax,
Trnckee. Boca, lteno. Wad#-
worlh, Winnemacca 620'
6.00? Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... f 7 Kn _
7J)0p Vallejo, Sunday only f /our
7X0p l'.lchmonil, ijan PaMo, Port Cotta,
Martinez and Way Stationt 11.23*
8.C6P Oregon A California Expreat — Sac-
ramento, MaryaTlIle, Redding,
Portland. Pnget Sound and Eatt. 8 50*
8.107 Hayward, Nile* and Saa Jose (3nn-
dayonly) . 11.50*
COAST LI N E (S*rr»w «;»n«).
(Foot of Market Street.)
7-46 a Santa Cruz Excurslon(Sunday only) 8.1 Cr
8-15* Newark. CeoterTllle. San Jose,
Felton. Boulder Creek. Santa
Craz and Way Stationt 5-55?
2.1 Bp Newark, Centerrllle. San Jote.
New Almaden. Lot Gatot.Felton,
Bonlder Creek, Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations flO55»
4.1E> Newark. San Jose, LosUatot and t tg.55 *
way ttationx > *10 65 «
" OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SAN MSANOISCO. Foot or Market St. (.SIlp'i
— T7-.15 »:0U 11:00 *.M. 1.00 300 6.1&P.W.
Trom OAKLAND, root of Broadway — t«:M> ±3:nfi
tS:U3 10:00a.m. 1200 200 400p.m.
COAST LINE <Kroa<l Uaase).
< CtT (Third ana Towtiiicnd Streett.)
6.10a San Jour and Way Stationt jf30p
17 00a San .lose and TVay sutlont 6.40^
7.15a Monterey and Santa Croz Excur-
sion (Sanday only) 10.30p
8.00a New Almaden (Tups., Frld.. only). 4.10r
8.00a The Coaster— Stops only Sao Jose.
Ullroy (connection for Hoi lit-
ter), Pajaro. Cattrorllle (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and Pacific GroTe). Sallnu. San
Ardo, Paf) Robleit. Santa M»r-
frarlla. San Lnlt Oblspo, principal
for Lompoc), principal statlont
thence Santa Barbara. San Buena-
?entara, Bnrbank. Lot Angeles . 1C.45F
fl.OO* San Jose. Tres Plnos. Ca^Itola,
-,'•-/¦ ¦ BantaCrnz.PaclflcGroTe.Sallnaa,
i San Lnlt Ohl«po and Principal
Way Station* 4.10r
10.30* San Jote and Way Station! .. 1.20?
11-30* Santa Clara, ban Jote. Los Gatos
nnd War St.it Ion » 7.30r
1-30P Etn Jote and War Sutlont • 38»
3 OOP Del Mont* Kxpr»«t— Santa Clara,
ban Jorr, Del Monte. Monterey.
PaciOc GroTe (connects at Sanca
Clan, except Sunday, for Santa
Cruz, BouMer Creek and Narrow
Gauge Polnu) at Gllror for Hol-
Ilster, Tres Plnot. at Pajaro for
Santa Croz, at CastrorlHe for
Salinas 12.15*
5-30P Tres Plnos Way Pa»sen*er 10 45a
4 30p Pan Jose and Way Stations t8-00A
t5 00r Santa Clara. San Jose. Los Gatos,
end principal Way Stations (ex- »
cept Snndsy) »9 CO*
i530r San Jose and PrlnclpalWay Stations 13 40*
0 45'' Sunset Llmlteii.— Kedwood. San
Jose.Gilroy.Salinas.faso Iiobles.
Can Luis Ublspo. Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. Demintr. £1 Paso.
New Orleans. New Tork. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Cms
and at Castr >vmr for PaclQe
Grore and Way Stations: : 7.10*
IB -IBp Eau Mateo.Beresford.Belmont.Saa
Carlos, Kedwood. Fair Oaka.
UenloPark. Palo Alto t6.4S*
6 30p San Jote and Way Stations 6-38*
8-OOp Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.15a
11 .&Qr South San Francisco, Mllllirar, Bcr-
llngame, San Mateo, Celmont,
Saa Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto $».45r
o11.30p Mayfleld. Mountain View. Sunny-
vale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
San Jose... t9.4Sp
A for Moruintf. . P for Afternoon.
1 Sunday excepted. J Sunday only,
a Saturday only. '¦^BSaB
i&topa at all stations on Sunday.
CST Only trains stopptnir at Valencia St.ao*thbonnd
aret:lUA.x.. 7:(» a. *., ~:IS A.K., 11:30a. M, 3:30p.m..
(.30 p. x. and 3:00 p. if.
i M^^^^S^Q9SBaXC£2X29!_^iCXBEBBt1>t^B^B^C£)
CALIFORNIA 1
LIMITED TO CHICACO I
LEAVES DAILY §
at I> :.*;(> a. m., throntrh in ;j dayi u
with diner and all trapplnffi. H
Other Santa Fe Trains:
9 -30 al m'l for Stockton - Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8 :C0 p. ml J Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. and
'" Ferry Depot. S. F. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 27 South First St..
San Jose. -
l^^^^^j ROSS VALLEY, '
ig^mqa! CAZADERO^ Etc.
iSS^^fSS^ 1 via sansalito Ferry.
Suburban Service, fetandard Gauge Electric —
Depart from San Francisco Dally 7:00. SrtfO.
0-00 .10:00,-11:00 a. 'in.. 12:»v 1:45, a:15, 4:15.
SJ : 15* e:15. 7:00.- 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m. *¦¦ .
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO
Dally. 5:25. «::;5. 7:40, -8:35, 0:^5. 11:05 a,.
m., 12;20. l:45,""-:55. 3:45. 4:45, 5:45, B:45,
8-45 10:20 p. m.
FROM MILL. VALLKY TO SAN • FRAN-
CISCO— Dally. 5:45. »:ft5. 7:52. S:.'.5. »:5.">.
11-20 a m.." 12:35, 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 5:05,0:05,
7:05, 9:00. 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations. *
I»:15 P- nri. week days (Saturday excepted) — '
Tomales and way stations.
. 3:15. p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
stations.
• . Sundays only — 10 a. m..' Point . Reyes and
1 way stations.
f TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st.
¦ ~ FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
THE WE^LYCALl^
$1 per Year,
STORAGIC AXO WAmSHOJugiES^
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, ehlppeo. 723-
731 Howard eU. nr. Third: phone Grant 161.
A — GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse, O. G. and Van
Xecs; office 1236 Market, r. 84; tel. South 750.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage * Moving Co.. Of-
fice Port and Powell fta.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 871.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 128.
GOLDEN West Storare: advances made. 840
Mlstlon rt.: tel. Howard 841. F. Vj. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC 6torare and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore ft.; phone Jackson 251.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
«t.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
r^P^AVniT^RS_AXD^CPJ[»lL^ES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith I'remler. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. Tha
Typewriting Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of U «t M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
romery et.
ID-HAND typewriters rote, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Intpec Co.. 508 Market.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
David G. Robh. 24. 26Vi Ringold street, and
Catherine A. Wavbrant. V0. 2«4 Ringold.
Edwin C. Wooster 47. Pine Grove, and Mar-
tha E. Hartlpy. 44. 2(50 Golden Gate avenue.
James Flscalini. 20., Cambria, and Maria D.
MBgettl. 21. Cambria.
Patrick Roddy. £5, 105$ Folwm street and
Ellen Finn. 20. 2194 Eleventh street.
Charles A. Whltmcre. 27. Oxnard. and May
E. Wgyte. IS. city.
William Netrus, 21. 12C Ellis street, and
Charlotte Henninc. 20. 128 Ellis street.
Richard N. Na*on. Cfi. 3r.2S Twenty-second
Btreet, and Mabelle C. Hart, 28, 7S3 Shrader.
George F. Lycn 35, 232 Liberty etreet, and
Alice L. Smitten. 23. 145 Beu!ah Btreet.
Isador Ooldi=tein, 25. 1143 Pierce street, and
Hanr.ah Hartman. 24, 1309 Scott street.
John A. Hornberger Jr.. 21. city, and Harriet
G. Swall. 21. city.
Fred C. Rlchter. 31, Berkeley, and Elizabeth
Schneider, 24. 32S Eddy etreet.
Joseph B. Bilafer. 2S, 422« Eighteenth street,
and May G. Simr.ak.-2i, 1067 Oak street.
Guiseppe Perlnl, 31, 319 Broadway, and
Guisepplna Dailemonti, 21, Masserano.
Hetolameo Pomato. 2«. Santa Cruz, and
Maria l>t-!ucchi. 21. 219 Pacific street.
Julius C. Lombard!. 25, Sacramento, and
Adeile Campoaonitxi. 19. city.
Carto ItlebelettL 4C, Stockton, and Marianna
Bernarohl, 27, city.
William .1. Butler, 34. 119 Third street, and
Crtharlne Moran. 20. 3Ci2 Eighteenth street.
"EIMS^MARMASES-DEAm
Birth, marriage and death notices >ent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publicaton of flees and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
*oru« authorir«1 to have the same published.
Notices restricted eimply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
BORN.
BARTON— In Berkeley. April 13, 1804. to the
wife of John Edward Barton, a son.
LAING— In this city. April 11. 1904. to the
wife of John Lainc. a daughter.
DEED
Bllven. Mn. E. S. Pilster. Henrietta
Castagnetto. Geo. A. Pratt, Anna E.
IV>r.no;iy. Peter Pri'F. Emma
Harvey, Jonah Pugh. Hannah
Imhauf. Celeste Rourke, John
l-auimore. Jchn Schaufler, Louise F.
Ixnolr. .\UB~uf=t Srhinkel, Joachim
MacLellan. John M. Sejr»r8trom, Olga
MeOabe. Patrick :>!kes. William R.
Moore, Mary Stanford. Ella
Packer, Elizabeth Stevens, John •
Peterson. Fred Stubenrauch, V.
BLIVHN— In th's city. April 14, 1904. Mrs.
Hmily S Blivcn. widow of the late James
Bllven. ar.d mother of Mrs. W. P. Candage
and Kdward and the late Frank Knight,
aged 72 years 3 months and 20 days.
CASTAGXETTO— In this city. April 14. 1904.
George Allen, dearly beloved eon of Eliza-
beth and the late Giovanni Castagnetto, and
brother of Edward and Walter Castagnetto,
Mrs. James A. L>evoto and the late John,
Albert snd Fred Castaemetto,. a native of
San Francisco, aeed 26 years 2 months and
5 <1ays. ;
C^Xotice of funeral hereafter.
DONNCLLY— In this city. April 13. 1904,
Peter, beloved husband of Bridget Donnolly,
and father of Mrs. W. T. Ki'.i atrick. Hugh
and Joe Donnolly, Mrs. Bridget Kelly. Mrs.
Mary Ann Preatley and Elizabeth Doanolly,
a native of County Leitrim, Ireland, aged
E7 years 1 .
CT^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
lully invited to atfnd the funeral to-day
(Fri>lay). at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1S2 N' 1 * street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, whe^e a solemn requiem
mass ¦will be celebrated for the repose of his
fouI, commencinr at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HARVEY— In Oakland, April 14. 19C ', at 10«4
Wood street, Jonah, I:u5band. of jarsh A.
Harvey, and father of Mrs. J. k. Cruik-
shar.k, a native of England, aged 74 years.
lilHAUS — In this city. April 12. 1904. Celeste
lmhaus. relict of the late Louis Imhaus,
mother cf I>ouls A. and E. J. Imhaus, and
grandmother of Mrs. A. Hobe and Alfred C.
and Alfred Imhaus, a native of Brussels,
l>lgium.
d?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
I April 15. fr^m the Church of Notre Dame des
Vicjoir*-s. where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her sour.
mnmcnciiiR at 10 o'clock. Interment private.
Holy Cross Ometery.
| LATTIMORE— In this city. April 14. lI>04.
', John I.altimor<\ lather of William, Andtew
and John L-tttimore, a native of London-
; derry. Ireland, tfged 4t> years 7 months and
13 days.
j LHNOIU — In this city, April 13. 19O4. August
Lenoir. a native or France, aered 56 years
1 month and 4*<i days.
I MacLELLAN— In Apnms, Cal.. April 12, 1904.
John M.. beloved husband of Marguerite
MacLellan, a native of Canada, aged 43
: years. A member of Clan Fraser No 78 and
Painters' Union. Local No. 19.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite-i to attend the funeral Friday.
April 15. nt 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate
avenue. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery-
McCABE— In this city. April 13. 1904. Patrick,
beloved husband of the late Margaret
McCabe. a native of Ireland, aced 77 years.
E2"A reauiem mass will be celebrated for
the reix-.6e of his poul to-day (Friday), April
15, at St. loose's Church, at 8 o'clock. In-
tf-rment urivate.
MOORE — In this city. April 13, 1904, Mary,
belovtd wif* of Michael Moore, and devoted
and Idolized mother of Mamie, Annie, Robert
and Thoma« Moore, and sister of Michael
and Thomas Stanton and Mrs. J. Moroney, a
native of the parish of Ahascragh, County
Galway, Ireland, ased 51 years.
tO* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
April 10, at S:«O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 11^4 Welsh street, off Fourth, between
Brynnt and Brannan. thence to St. Rose's
Church", where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.,
PACKER— In this city. April 13. 1904, Eliza-
beth M. J. Packer, beloved mother of James
Puckir. a native of London, Knelaud.
tTThe funeral services will be held to-day
fFri>iay). at I o'clock, at her late residence,
2032 O'Farreli street. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
PETERSON— In Reno, Nev.. April 13» 19CM.
Fred Peterson, beloved brother of Mrs. Hulda
Nelson and Carl Peterson, a native of
Sweedcn. aged 24 years 1 month and 17
days.
PILSTER— April 12. 1904, Henrietta Agusta
Marie, d'arly , beloved daughter of Henry
and the late M:irie Pilster, and filter of
¦ Theodor PilKter. a native of San Francisco,
agf<1 2«i years 11 montlie and la days.
ICT'Tfae funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 1 :3O o'clock. Irom the residence
of her brother. Theodor Pilster. 1108 Page
street. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
PRATT— In th\r city. April 13, 1904, Anna
K Pratt, beloved mothtr of A. B., Lincoln
II. nnd R. W. Whitney, a native of New
York, aced C5 years.
PRIES— In this city. April 13. l»04. Emma
Pries, dearly Ix loved daughter of Mrs. B.
Lavin. mother of Kthei and Edgar Pries,
and Ulster »l John Lavin, Mrs. J. J. O'Brien
. and Mr*. G. Peters of Portland. Ore., a na-
tive r»f San Francisco, aged 2C years.
Cv*FriendP nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
April. 15. at !»:30 o'clock, from the residence'
of Sin. J. J- O'Brien. 2U Bemice street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
PfGH— In this city. Auril 14. 1004. Hannah
Pugh. dearly beloved wife of the late James
Pugh. and loving mother of Mrs. Mary
Decker. Mrs. Catherine Decker. Jtfrs. Eliza-,
beth Burks and James, John arid William
p» K h. and lovlnc aunt of Marie Hennessj,
a native of Ireland.
¦ ROURKE— In this city, April 14. 1904. at his
< residence. 244S Larktn street. John Rourke
beloved father of Htster M. Gertrude. Sister
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
tSucceseorB to Flannagan & r Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Met.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth «t.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South. 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and • Embalroers i_
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,
NOW st h6a MISSION. TeL 8outb 167.'.
Between Foui tn and Fifth, near Fifth sl
Finest Equipments at Moderate :. Rate*.
M. nose. Sister M. Berchmans and Mrs. J.
T. . McBride. a native of Dublin, Ireland,
aged 75 years.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
SCHAUFLER— In Fruitvale, April 14, 1904,
Loulne F.. beloved wife of A. F. Schaufier.
and mother of A. C. Schaufler, a native or
Wurteinburg. Germany. • .
ECHINKEL— In this city. Acril 13, 1904.
Joachim, beloved brother of Otto, Henry
and Dledrich Schinkel. a native of Holsteln^
Germany, atred 43 years 10 months and 2i
days.
E3*Friend9 and acquaintances and officers
and members of the Norddeut6cner Vereln
are respectfully Invited to attend fhe !
funeral to-day <Friday^> April IB, at 2:30
o'clock, from the parlors of H. F. Buhr &¦ ;
Co., 1137 Miss1r.ii street, betweeen Seventh
and Eighth. Cremation Odd Fellows' Cem-
etery.
SEGERSTROM— In this city. April 13, 1904,
Olpa. beloved daughter of Carolina Seger-
strom. and sister of Hilda and Olaf Seger-
•trom. a native of San Francisco, aged 14
years.
IC7 Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Friday),
at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of Craig. Coch-
ran & Co., 429 Golden Gate avenue, between
Polk and Larkin. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
SIKES— In this city, April 13, 1904. William
R. S!ke*>, be.lo\-ed son of Louisa and the late
C. S. W. Slkes, and brother of Mrs. W. J.
Enrlght of Fresno. Cal.. and Mrs. D. H.
Krause of Sen Francisco, a native of Saa.
Jose. Cal.. aced 39 years 3 months and 25
d8ys. (San Jose papers please copy.)
CTTriends and acquaintances are rejrpect-
f-Jlly Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday). April 15. at 1:30 o'clock, from the
undertaking parlors of Iaccherl, Duclos &
Co., OL'a Broadway. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemotery.
STANFORD— In the City and County Hospital.
April 13, 1904, Ella Stanford, a native of
Kentucky, aged 50 years. .
STEVENS— In West Berkeley, April 13. 1904.
John Stevens, dearly beloved husband of
Christine Stevens, and loving- father" of Carl
E.. Garrett U. Ma'rtin L., William F.,
Edwin T. and Mabel G. Stevens, a native
of Bergen, Norway, aged 63 years 11 months
and 17 days. A member of Alemanla Lodge
No. 8. K. of P., and M. E. B. A. No. 3.V
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral cervices
Sunday. April 17. at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence. 1*127 Fifth street. West Berkeley.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land.
BTL'BENRAUCH— In this city. Aprill4. 1904,
"Valentine, beloved husband of Henriette
Slubenrauch. and father of Arnold and
Charles Stubejirauch and Mrs. Robert
Ueasles, a native of Germany, aged 57 years
and -'2 da>~s. (New Orleans and Houston,
Trx.. papers please copy.)
t^'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), April 16, at 2 o'clock, from his
late residence, 1044 Minna street, between
Eleventh and Twelfth. Interment Cypress
Lawn. Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
FREE—FREE
TO WANT ADVERTISERS v
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.^
. THE GLOW NIGHT-LAMP.
A SCIENTIFIC WONDER.
Invaluable for^ Bedroonis, Sick ¦
Cliambers, Hall, A-. Nurseries,',
Bathrooms, . STAIRCASES, 4 etc.
BE SURE TO GET ONE WITH
. . '.."A- want^ad":in:;:?^>|
NEXT SUNDAY'S , CALL. •
Premium cannot'- be obtained in
any. 1 other; way.NEW YORK. April 14.— Only email Im
portance can b« attached to the email volume
of that of to-day. The dullness is attributed
in part to the departure from the street of
many of the larre operator* whose trading
hud been an lmnortant clement in the ac
tivity for pome time past. The outcome cX
thf effort of Union Pacific Interests to Inter
vene in the Northern Securities «ilt for the
purpose of preventing .the pro rata distribu
tion of Northern Securities assets w-r-ms to
have been pitched upon by the small remainder
of active ¦ trader* «« the dominant feature tn
the outlook. Early to-day, while It was ex
pected that a decision would be announced In
St. Paul to-day, thfre were some irregular
fluctuations In the market. Arter It became
known that the dnr-lxion had been postponed
the trad In; lapsed into profound dullness.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. April 14.— Money on call was
CW7 at l\'t P<*r cent, closing bid 1V«. offered
at IU per cent. Time money was easy and
dull; elxty <!ay« and ninety daye. 2 l -..^3 per
ct.nt: k5x months. 3% per cent. Prime mer
cantile p*per, •»?<«'» per cent. Sterling ex
cl.Bnge »Bf strong, with artual busInesB in
liarkett"' bills at $4 S7.35S4 87.40 f<r demand
ard at M KtGi K.-.«iO for elxty-day bills. Posted
rates. $4 S0>**i4 *y Cnmmorcla! bills. $4 M«4.
Brr ellver. KJ^c. Mexican dollars. 43o. Bonds
— Government!-. ea«y; railroads heavy.
New York Money Market:
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about Kiglc under .quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, OV^c;' medium.' 8%c; light, 7%c; Cow
Hides 8c "for heavy and 7%c for light; Stags,
6c- Salted Kip, 0c;- Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf lie; dry Hides, 15@10c; dry Kin, 13c; dry
Calf 18c; Sheepeklns, shearlings. 25®30o each;
short Wool. 40©65c each; medium, 70*g90c: long
Wool/ $1©1 50:- Horse Hides, salt. $2 75' for
large and $2©2 50 for medium, $1 25®1 75 f6r
small and : 6Cc for , Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 Tor large and $1 R0 for medium. $1®1 25
for smalt and 50c for ColU. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican. 31o:- dry Salted Mexican, 25c; dry
Central American, ' 31c. Ooat Skins — Prime An
goras, 75c: large ; and smooth, 50c: medium,
°TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4U®4%0 per lb;
No 2 aiJ84c; crease, 2M3C. ¦
WOOL — Spring dip— San Joaquin and South
ern," 15s months'. -9®llc; do 7* months'.'' 8@10o
HOPS— 24@27c per lb - for ; California, 1003.
and 17%02Oc for crop of 1004. . '
Hides, Tallozu, Wool . and Hops.
EASTERN MARKETS.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 809
5 10. usual-terms;- Bakers' Extras. $4 70®5:
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 S5@>4. 25
per bbl. ,
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Orabam Flour. $3 50 per 100 lbs;
Kye Flour $3 50; Rye Meal, $3 25; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal, $3 50; extra cream do, $4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 CO; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour $4 B0@4 75: Cracked Wheat, $4:
Farina $4 1W>; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75;
Rolled Oats, bbls. $7 25@S 00; in sacks. $6 75@
8 10; Ptarl Barley, $G;- Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Bray , has not .been * charged with
the two crimes committed on .Wednes
day night, as the p'olice are making an
investigation . to see whether he has
been implicated in other hold-ups.
. The young man who gave the name
"William Nolan when arrested on
Wednesday night for assaulting and
robbing Mrs. Hughes of 15 Powell
street at Taylor and O'Farrell streets
and Mrs. William Reinshagen, "480
Geary street, as she was going up the
steps to 'her home, was identified yes
terday as Walter Bray, an ex-messen
ger boy.
On January ' 6. while a • messenger
boy, he took Swift H. Dean, an ex-sol
dier, from a saloon to a lodging-house
at IS Mason street and when they had
reached the. room assigned ,to Dean.
Bray threw him on the bed, choked
him and took a $20 gold piece out of
his pocket. Dean complained to the
night clerk, who notified the .police
and Bray was arrested by Detectives
Wren and -Mulcahy. Dean refused to
swear to a complaint and Bray was
set free. '. J
He Is Walter Bray, an ex«*.IessenK«
Boy, Who Was Arrested for
Robbery Last January.
YOUTH WHO HELD UP TWO .
WOMEN IS IDENTIFIED
CHICAGO, April 14. — Snow in many sections
of the Northwest caused apprehension among
wheat traders concerning spring seeding. A
decided decrease in acreage was considered pos
sible. The opening was somewhat erratic,
July being 1 ,4©%c lower to %G?Ue higher at
87<^S7ftc. Commission houses had large buy-
Ing orders on the small receipts, both at Chi
cago and In the Northwest. In view of the
bullish character of crop news offerings were
quite small and In consequence the market
became firm. There was good buying, by the.
Southwest and the market at Kansas City
and St. Louis was strong. Crop damage bul
letins were ¦ in abundance from all over the
winter wheat country. ¦ A member of a Chi
cago commission house now examining con
ditions in Kansas telegraphed that west of a
north and south line drawn through Hutchin
son Kans., winter wheat of Oklahoma and
Kansas w-as hopelessly lost. With such news
to encourage buying prices readily advanced,
July rallying to SSftc. Later In the day an
estimated Increase In shipments from Argen
tina caused sufficient selling to carry prices
down Rbout half a cent from the "high point.
Nevertheless the market showed no signs of
weakness, the close being firm,,. with July at
87^©87%c. May ranged between 03%c and
04'.fcc and closed at 03%c.
On account of small local receipts the corn
market had a strong start and the initial firm
ness was well maintained throughout the day.
July opened Vi@%c higher at 50%@50»Jc.' sold
between SOftc and 51%c and closed at 50%c.
May closed at 53 ftc. after ranging between
C2-ic and 53*4 c. Lo^U_ receipts were forty
nine cars.
Oats ruled firm on reports of delayed seed
ing and on small local receipts. . 'After open-
Ing unchanged to Vic higher at 37%(f|3734c
July sold between 37%®37ftc and CSc, and
clored at»37%©37^4c .
- Moderate receipts of hogs, with steady prices
at the yards, caused a firm tone ¦ in provisions
early In th« session. There was a fair de
mand for all products and offerings were IUn!»
Leter there was some pressure to sell, .which
-resulted In a weaker tone. Absence of outside,
support was a bear factor. The market closed
steady, with July pork unchanged at $12 SO. 1
July lard closed up a phade at $0 80. Ribs
were down 2ftc at $0 57ft.
The leading Tutures ranged as follows :
Articles — Open. -High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2— :.
May..... 0.-.N, 04W 03% 03%
July, new ...... S7»i RKH R7 ' R7«
July old...... fO 8t)ft RS% sou
September. . new 82% S3$T S2«i ~ 80ft
Future Grain and Provisions.
The market is ' dull, featureless and un
changed. . *
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 10ft c per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium, 13o for light, ;
14 ftc for extra light and-15®16c for sugar
cured; Eastern .sugar-cured Hams. 12»ic: Cali
fornia Hams. Il*i<gl2*ic; Mess Beef. $10 50®
11 per bbl: extra Mess, $11 50@12: Family,
$12 50<313; prime Mess Pork, $15: extra clear,
$24: Mesg. SIS; Dry Salted Pork, lOftc; Pig
Pork, $27; Pigs* Feet,. $5; Smoked Beef, 14c
per lb.
LARD — Tierces ' quoted at 6%c per lb. for
compound and 0c for pure; half-barrels, . pure.
8Uc; 10-lb tins. 8%c; o-lb tins. 9%c; 3-Ib tins.
10c.- -- " '¦ ' ' -' -¦ • *-'••••¦¦¦¦- V : : -'-s. -"¦ .-¦
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 9ftc; three
half barrels. 9c: one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
U%c; Hve Uerces, 8%c per lb. •
Provisions.
The following high winds are reported:
V..,.!.na, 30! miles, •outhwest: Flagstaff. 2S>,
eouthwest. and Carson. 26. west.
Forecast made at Han Francisco for thirty
hourc ending midnight, April 15:
Northern California — Shower* Friday, cooler
in southern portion: fre*h southerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Friday, possibly
light showers; fresh southerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Friday, possibly light show
erf; cooler; brisk wcnerly wind«.
t=an Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy unset
tled weather Friday, probably shower*; trtbh
•outbwe»t winds. A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
There has been a sharp fall In temperature
over Western Oregon and Northwestern Cali
fornia.
Light rain has fallen from San Franclfco
northward.
A thunderstorm Is reported at Walla Walla.
A moderat* depression has moved southeast
ward from Oregon into Nevada and conditions
are favorable for showery weather with nouth
»»st wln<!» over a large portion of the Pa
cific Coast.
FORECAST
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
I Chicago Board of Trade, j
Spelter advanced 2s Cd to £22 2s Od in Lon
don. Locally it was firm but unchanged at
$5 25@0 30.
Iron clo«ed at 52s Cd In Glasgow and at
45? In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron remains firm.
No. 1 foundrv Northern. $15 25@15 75; No. 2
foundry Northern, $14 75@15 25; No. 1 foundry
Southern and No. 1 foundry Southern soft,
$14 25&14 75.
Locally copper continues firm. Lake, .«13 25
613 t:?ft: flectrolytlc, $13 12ft@13 20; casting,
$12 S7ftfci:i 12ft.
Lead was unchanged In the New York-, mar
ket, at $4 U0@4 05. .but declined Is 3d to £12
<js :<d in London.
Copper advanced 2s Cd to £57 17s Cd for spot
in tl*e London market, but futures there were
5s lowrr. at £57 15s.
NEW YORK, April 14. — The London tin mar
ket was easier, spot declining 2s »id to £12C
17s W. while futures were 5s lower, at £12B
llis. Locally the market was quiet and a little
lower, in svmjjathy with spot, closing at $27 75
©2*.
Nezu York Metal Market.
or two aco about eighty samples of Wheat.
Barley and Oats, grown in Australia and Kent
h^Tf- for the inspection of our graiu mon. Ttje
s*-.n:jj!f»= tit Wheat contained some v*-ry hand
some lots, and as a rule the train they reprt
w-nted wt-uld bring. If h<>re. about 51 over our
market. But thu trouble with the Australian
Wheat her»» i* that it ph^IlK out too fr»-*ly in
oar hot. «lry Bimai'r climatf, and of lat«
> «rs has ben somewhat <Jiycard«*d for Club
Htt< BOMTB Wheat. Mr. de Conlay Bays that
the l'.«-3 crop of all Australia was about
?«7.0n0.w0 bukhelE. cf which 27.vO0.WK) we?
...-.'.• for export. "Hie 1004 crop yield per
Kcrc runs about 24 bushels In 'Qoeenaiand, 19
in Vlfturta and 10 In South Australia, arid the
total yitlJ of the three States will be abuut
MMJUO.000 tui'h.Js He will Uiku ihe sair.pies.
t.. «'hicago and Montreal, thence back liere,
whfre they will b* i>la<-ed on i-ermantnt • x
h:t>:uon in' the office of Henry C. Bunker, chief
grain inspector cf the exchange.
Weather Report.
(12OUl Mtridiar — Pacific Time.)
SAN FKANC1SCO. April 14 — 5 p. m.
The following are th»- eeasonal rainfall* to
date, i*^ cemparrfi with those of the same
date las-t teeson and rainfall in laet twenty-
Latt This Last
Stations — 24 hours. S»a*cn. Season.
Eur«fca •-» 5S.47 4a.<W
Ti-'i Hiuff 0.72 2S.1. 2J.11
S.-crHmento O.«tt 15.sU I«.o4
.-an Francisco B.21 !».« 1^-12
i-rvi.no «•?» «•« K ' 2a
In-l^ixr-dence 0.<K) 2..>3 2- 15
San Luis Obispo o.OO . 13. v» I7.»
Uoa Angeles «."" '--^ 1( '-'
un Di.-co 0.<-<t 4.O9 10-€2
THE COAST RLCORD.
B 2 2 ~ 2 !?
7 -** kZ. •*? <r a
I |§ =1 z± is s
STATIONS. j *S "*g-oa ?•? t
I c c ; ; =
• « 5 - - •
Filiation 29. >« 56 54 NW Rain .<>0
Haktr 2».7O 72 46 SW dear .00
.'ar>on 30.22 62 38 W Pt.Cldy .00
Eureka 2».5»2 "2 50 SW Pt.Cldy .16
Kr<sno 2».7N M 54 W Cloudy .<K)
K'.agftaff 2».74 70 42 SW Clear .<rf)
l'CK^atello 2».«C 7« 4S ?E Cloudy .00
Independence .29.VK 78 60 W Cloudy .W
Ixw Angeles ..2».S»4 74 4S FW <*iear .("0
Mt Tamalpais2».95 50 47 EW Rain .17
North Head M 00
Phoenix 28.72 94 CO SW Clear .CO
Pt Ueyes Lt.29.»3 ft« 52 NW Rain .5*
I'ortland 2».»0 66 &« E Cloudy .OS
Jted Bluff ...-29.RS «i8 tt fE Pt.Cldy .72
Koneburg 29.8W 58 48 FE Clear .18
Sacramento ..£».92 «S V>H SAV Cloudy .02
Salt Lake 29. C4 78 50 NW Clear .00
San Francisco. 30. 00 64 56 SW Cloudy .21
H L Oblspo. .30.00 «6 46 N Pt.Cldy .<*>
San Diego 29.94 08 R8 NW Clear .00
Seattle 29. »4 «:« 48 SE Italn Tr.
Spokane 2».72 7« 48 BE Rain TV.
Tatooeh 29. 8S 54 .. FW Cloudy .10
WaJU Walla.. ».•)« 78 50 W Pt.Cldy Tr.
winnemucca .28.70 72 38 SW Cloudy .00
Vuma 28.74 U6 M W Clear .00
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Art.
CoUhan ..... — 19|Ray & OBrien — . 10
Esperania ... — 01 Rescue '.. 07 C8
Gipsy Queen. — 30 Ton Belmont.. 68 «O
Gold Anchor. '— 23 Ton A Cal... 20
Gold M Con. O4 1O Ton Exten .. 77 ' —
Ifannapah ... — 10 Ton Fraction.. — SO
Hannapah M. ¦ — 25 Ton of Ner..8 25 9 t*>
Little Ton . . — '26 Ton S Star. 29 3O
MacNamara .' 16 17 Ton Midway.. 39 2H
Mont Ton.. 1 37ft 1 45 Ton Superior^ — -12
Paymaster .. — lOiUnlted Ton .,.09 —
Ray Ton ... 10 13|West End .. — 19
Alta 08 C»|Kentuck ..... 03 C3
Andes 30 32 1 Key es Graea.. — 1 CO
Belcher 34 "»i| Lady Wash .. — 06
Best & Blch.2 05 2 13| Mexican 3 05' 2 10
Bullion 1* 15 Occidental ... 84 fc<5
Caledonia ... 77 79 Ophlr 5 12fe 5 25
Challenge Con 25 27|Overtnan 3« »7
Chollar 24 20 Potoai 2O 21
Confidence ... 70 SOjScorplon 16 .17
Con C & Va.l BO 1 65|Sara«e 46 ' 4*
Con Imperial. 02 OUSes Belcher .. 14 1«
Con NY.... ftJ 04 Sierra NeT ..68 «9
Crown Point. 17 19 Sliver Hill .. 60 «1
East Sierra N 06 — St Louis .... — -10
Eureka Con.. — 50 Syndicate .... 04 05
Exchequer . . 34 35 Union Con . . ' "5 7«
Gould & Cur./ 30 32 Utah. ..." 14'. .15
Hale & Norc. S5 87 Yellow Jacket 24 28
Julia OS CO
THURSDAY. April 14—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bld.Aitc.
Alpha ....... 06 C8|JustIce 02 t>3
CLOSING QUOTATTOXS.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 13ft©14c;
No. 2, llft@12c; No. 1 hardshell, 13@13ftc;
No. 2. ll@liy.c; Almonds, llftc for Nonpa
reils llfto for I X L, lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and OHc for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6<g:7c for
Eastern; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 M)fr5.
HONEY — Comb, 10®llfte for white and 8ft
®9ftc for amber; water white 'extracted, 5@
5Vic: light amber extracted. -ift@4%c; dark,
3ft@4c. ;
BEESWAX— 27(g29c per lb. 4
RAISINS — Tho Association quotes the follow
ing prices: Standard grades, 30-1 b cases — 2
crown Loose Muscatels, 5V4c per lb:
3-crown, 0%c; 4-crown, 6ftc; Seedless Loose
Muscatels, 4',4c: Seedless floated, 4ftc; 2-crown
Malaga loose, 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose, 3%o;
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached, 4 ftc; ' Seedless
Thompsons, unblt ached. 6ftc. Layers, per 20
lb box — 6-crown Imperial clusters, $3; 5-crown
Debesa clusters, S2 30; 4-crown fancy clusters,
$2; 3-crown -London Layers, $1 35; 2-crown
London Layers, $1 25; usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded— Fancy 16-oz
cartone. pvr lb, 7%c; fancy 12-os cartons, per
package, 694c; fancy bulk cartons, per lb, 7ftc;
choice ltf-oz cartons, per lb, 7ftc; choice 12-oz
cartons, per package, (SV4c: choice bulk car
tons, uer lb,' - 7'4c: lB-oa . cartons, seeded Seed
lings, Muscatels, per lb, 7c; 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb, 074c; bulk,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb. U%c.
FRUITS— Apricots, 8ft@10ftc for Royals and
9Q12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4Vi@
6c; sun-dried. 3«4ftc: Peaches. 5ft®7ftc;
Pears, 8#llftc; Nectarines, nominal; Figs,
white. 3<S4c in boxes: black. 4&c; Plums,
pitted, 59?:7VjC per lb.
PRUNES— 1003 crop. 2>i©2ftc for the four
sizes.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honcy.
. >2 p. m. Session.
May— $1 lift bid.
December— $1' 00ft bid, $1 00% asked.
OATS — Continue dull and unchanged.
White $1 27ft@l 37ft; Black, $1 25@1 30:
Red. $1 25©1 35; Gray. $1 32ft@l 37ft per ctl.
CORN— :There Is no further change to report
In this market, which continues quiet. There
were come receipts of domestic yesterday. ;
Western sacked. $1 35® 1 40 for Yellow,
$1 32ft@l 40 for White and $1 30@l 35 (or
Mixed; California large yellow, $1 35®1 42ft;
small round do." $1 60@l 55; White, $1 40@l 45
per ctl; Egyptian. $1 40@l 50 for white and
$1 27ft@l 30 for brown. _
RYE-SI 30© 132ft per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per ctl.
Feed, $1 ll^Jtol 1374: Shipping and Brewing,
$1 17>4@1 20; Chevalier. $1 1561 20 for fair
to choice. * '*: ¦ v
FUTURES. \
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May— No sales; $1 11 bid, $1 11 »4 asked.
December ...$1 00% $1 00% $1 00% >1 00%
CASH BARLEY.
BARLEY — The market was quieter yester
day, though the tone continued firm, and 2800
Hacks Feed sold at $1 13%. The. longs on
futures say that the shorts are keeping table
prices down as much as possible in order to
depress future deliveries.
2 p. m. Session.
May— $1 34.
December — $1 337s hid. No sales.
Open. High. Low. Cloee.
May $134 $134 $134 $134
December ... 1 33% 1 :«?i 1 33 1 33?g
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
California ' Club, $1 37ft»l 43: California
White Australian. $1 50fl 00; Northern Club.
$1 3301 42ft: Northern/ Blueitem. $1 50@l 65
per ctl.
WHEAT — Tho foreign markets showed no
change worthy of note. Chicago was higher
a km in on continued crop damage reports,
though many of them were contradicted.
There was ho change worthy of note in this
market. Trading was light.
CASH WHEAT.
Wheat and Other Grains.
The Bank of. England reduced its rate of
discount to 3»£ per cent yesterday. Silver de
clined *sc Lxchanee remained unchanged.
Sterling Exchange, sixty'days.... — $1 85%
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 SSVi
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 89H
New York Exchange, sight — I2»i
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Silver, per ounce — 5.'5%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45ft
Exchange and Bullion.
PEACHES — Show no change either In price
or general conditions. Choice are held at 7H®
1 ftc. extra choice at 7*4©Sc and fancy at
91/jQIOc-.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet. Common. 4?i5>4c: prime, 5ft@
5 r )ic; choice. fi',«S6!ic: fancy. 7@7ftc.
PRUNES — Remain dull, with prices ranging
from 3c to J5%c. according to grade.
APRICOTS — Ar? -without features. Choice
quoted at HftplOc. extra choice at 10V4@J.«fte
and fancy at lliil.'ic.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. steady; Xo. 7 invoice.
'hi.2: mild, steady: Cnrdova. lOfflSe. The
futures market closed unsteady 30 to 35 points
lower. Sales. 02.000 bags. May S.D5@6.10>.-;
July. 6.25^6. 40c: September. 6.30®<>.00c; No
vember. 6>0c; December 6.75Q6.00c; Janu
ary. «.S0c. »
SUGAR — Raw nominal; refined, quiet.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, April 12. — FLOUR— Receipts,
21.400 barrels; exports. ."000 barrels; firmer.
WHEAT— Receipts. 24.000; spot, firm; . No.
2 red $1 00 elevator and $1 07#l 10 nominal
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 O2V4
nominal t. o. b. afloat. Options wrre strong
all day closing '"Kc net higher. May cios^d
at O6'4c: July. 92'»c; September, SGc; De
c6Tnbcr ***' "¦ j c
WOOL — Firm.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
New York Grain and Produce.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 5O#
2 for fancy, $1 23Srl 05 for choice and 50cg$l
for standard; Tangerines, nominal: Lemons.
$2 5003 for fancy, $1 oO'a 1 75 for choice and
$1@1 25 for standard; Grape Fruit. $1@2; Mex
ican Limes, $1 ."()«.'. per case; Bananas, $1®2
pcr bunch for Hawaiian and $1 50@2 25 for
Central American; Pineapples, $2®3 per dozen.
APPLES— $202 25 per box for extra fancy,
$1 G0$l 75 for ordinary fancy, 90c@$l 25 for
choice and 50@75c for common.
Receipts of Strawberries were lighter than
on the preceding day. .but as the stock did not
grade very high, prices ranged lower. Long
worths from Palo Alto' sold at. 75cS$l per
drawer, large berries from Watsonvllle brought
50gi!5c per drawer, and Los Angeles ' stock
sold slowly at 7ft«fl2ftc per basket. The re
ceipts consisted of 3 chests from Palo Alto,
3 chests. and 2 crat«s from Watsonville and 27
crates from Los Angeles.
Prices of Oranges were without quotable
change and buslnes was dull, as the con
sumptive demand was rather slack. . owing to
the cooler weather, and most dealers were lib
erally eupplled with fruit purchased 5 at the
auction sale on .Wednesday. . Poor fruit was
abundant and nearly all dealers were busy re
packing. Eight cars are announced for to
day's auction sale. There was continued firm
ness in Lemons, and Limes ruled steady at
unchanged rates. The Panama steamer
brought up 215 cases of Mexican Limes. There
was nothing new to report in other fruits.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
600 MacNamara . 16! 1100 MacNamara . IT
Afternoon Session.
54)0 Cent Eureka. 1 COj 10O Ton of Kev.,8 25
400 Ton Belmont. 6O|
Morning Session,
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE
100 Bullion 13 1 200 Scorpion 13
100 Bullion 15 300 Scorpion ltf
1C0 Con C & Va.l 65 200 Sierra Ner .. 60
100 Ophlr 5 25 200 Union Con .. 74
100 Overman 361 100 Union Con .. 73
Afternoon Session.
ICO Exchequer .. 34 1 300 Seg Belcher .. 14
50o Hale & Norc. SSi BOO Seg Belcher • . 15
2C0 Julia 00) 10O Union Con .. 75
ICO Ophlr 5 25| 10O Yellow Jacket 26
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Paciflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. 1 ¦,.
"••Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: .
Morning Session.
1200 Bullion 13| 100 Ophlr *5 13H
200 Choi lar 251 600 Savage 21
3CO Exchequer ... 34| 100 Sierra Nev .. 87
10o Keyes Graes.. 931 400 Silver Hill .. . «O
300 Mexican 2 051 100 Union Con .. "*
•50 Mexican 2 10| 500 Yellow Jacket. 23
100 Ophlr 5 23|
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 31 1 100 Scorpion 14
300 Chollar ..... 23|\ 300 Scorpion ..... 1»
20«i Con C & Va.l t5| 100 Sierra Ner .. «8
2<JO Gould & Cur. 31 600 Silver Hill ... 60
20O Overman .... 36 200 Union Con — 74
400 Savage 47 .
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Mining Stocks.
LOCAL --3IAEKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — May.- . July.
Opening 6 5*i 6 6
Closing 6 6% 6 6
PARIS.
Wheat — April. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 22 30 20 60
Closing 22 30 20 60
Flour —
Opening 28 80 28 00
Closing 28 70 ¦ 27 80
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. April 14. — WOOL — Steady.
Medium grades. c>.mbing and clothing. 18@22c;
light fine. 14S17Vjc; heavy fine. 12@Uftc; tub
washed. 20@21c.
Northern Wheat Market
OREGON.
PORTLAND. April 14.— WHEAT — Walla
Walla. 75c; Bluestem, 82c; Valley, SOfpSlc.
The total shipments of wheat for the' week
ending to-day were 161,775 bushels,
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 14.— WHEAT— Unchanged.
Bluestem. We; Club. 75c.
northern Business.
SEATTLE. April 14. — Clearings, $022,427;
balances $89,123.
TACOMA. April 14. — Clearings, $333,600;
ba!ances. $43.$07.
POP.TLAND, April 14.— Clearings, $577,307;
balsncts. $180,140.. . . . . .
SPOKANE, -April '14.— Clearings. $368,167;
balances. $40,019. >-':-
The United Copper Company has declared a
; regular semi-annual dividend of 3 per cent on
the oreferred stock, uarable May 2.
' The Central Eureka Mining Company paid a
! dividend of 3c per share, amounting to $12,000,
[ yesterday
The Ophlr Mining Company has received a
cherk for $S921 as net proceeds of the sale of
four railroad carloads of ore. Including two:
carloads that have Just been shipped, eight
' carloads are on the way or in process of sale.
At the regular annual meeting of the stock
holders of the Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar
Company over 02,000 shares of the capital stock
were represented end the following directors
were "sleeted: H. P. Baldwin, W. M. Alex
1 ander. Albert Meyer, Edward- Pollltz. E. M.
Walsh, James B. Castle and E. B. Pond.
Messrs. Castle and Pond are new members of
the board, the number of directors having been
increased from five to seven. H. P. Baldwin
was elected president and manager; Albert
Meyer, vice president; George M. Rolph, sec
retary, and Daniel Meyer, treasurer. The crop
of 1903 .amounted to 32,442 tons of sugar. It
was expected that the 1804 crop would be about
33,000 tons, but owing to damace done by the
leaf hopper It is now estimated that it will b«
about the same as last year's, namely,
32.0CO tons. The net profits for the past
year are stated to have been $668,648 SS. If
the sugar already manufactured were sold at
current ppices the company would have $348,
881 Oti en hand, with an estimated amount of
13,500 tons more to ship. •
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. April 14—2 p. ; m/
UNITED STATES BONDS. -
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s ar coup. • 107% 108 »4 4s qr cp new. 133 13.!ft
4s qr reg...lO7941C8V4l3s qr coup. ..106TJ107ft
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co Gb. 119ft —
Bay CPC 5s.l00ft — Do 5s — 113
Cal C G 5s. — 104 Vt Do con. 5s. 101ft —
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m & ct 5s. — — Oc Cable (5s. — 124ft !
Cal-sf C 5s.llB<5ill7iJ Pac G Im 4s. — 95ft
C C Wat 5s. 09 — P E Ry 5s.l04"m05
Ed L & P «¦ — 130 P & C H 6s.lO4?4 — j
F & C H 63.114% — P & O R 6S.116 —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Powell-st Cs. — —
H C&S 5fts.lOO — Sac EGAR5s. — 100
Do 5s — OS SF & SJV5s. — —
HoniR T 6«.106K — Sierra R 6s. 110 —
I/AElcc 6s. — 105 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s. HI 112 (1009) 107 —
L. A L C 6s — — (1910) .....107% —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s.lO2ft — (lftO5)Sr A.I01* —
LAP lem 5s. 90 — (1903)Sr B.1O2V4 —
Mltt-st C 6s. — 11914 (1900) ..'.'.. — 105
Do lem 5s.ll3ftll4ii (1912) ..••.— 116%
MV& MtT5s.lO4 — SPC 1 eg !te. — 119ft
NRR of C6s.lO7ft — Do stmpd.. 100ft —
Do 5s ....110%117 S P B R 6s.l31 132ft
N PC R Bs.lO.V — S V Wat 6s.lO4ftlO484
N C Ry Cs.109 — Do 4s 2dm. 100 —
N C P C 5s. 09 102 Do 4s 3dm. 09ft —
N S R R 5s. — 100 Stkn G&E6s. — 98
O G L&H 5S.100 — U G & E 5s. — 105
O W gtd 5s. — —
- WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 35>>i 40 IPort Costa... — —
Martn Co... — 62ft|S V Wat Co. S9«4 40
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent I. & P. 3ft 3%|S F G & E. 60?i 61\.
Mutual E L. 10% 10ft J Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co.. 56 — jIJ G & E Co. — 33
; INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.300 340 I r
BANK STOCKS.
Am* Ntl Bk. — 122ft L P & A.... 152ft —
Anglo-Cal .. S5 87- Mer Trust.... 220
Bank of Cal.429 — Merch Ex.... — —
Cal Safe Dp.145 150 S F Nation!. — __ 155
First Natlonl — — ¦ -••"-
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2260 2350 Sav & L Fo. — 100'
Hum S & L.~ — — ; Sec. Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav.100 -»- Union T Co.. — —
8 F Sav U.C23 — |
" ; STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 I Presidio •.....— 41
Geary.. —80 |
POWDER.
Giant ....... 59ft 6O#|V!gorlt 4tf 4IJ
SUGAR.
HanaP Co. — -25c iKllauea S C. 4 H
Hawaiian C. 47% — Makawell C. 21 21ft
Honokaa S C 12 Vj 12ft Onomea S C— 27 V,
Hutch SPC 9% 10 Paauhau S C. 13ft 14U
'/ ..MISCELLANEOUS.;
Alaska PA. — — Oceanic S Co. 4 r '~~4\L
Cal F-C A.101 — ' Pac Aux FA. 5ft — ¦
Cal Wine A. 92 — Fac C Borx.170 —
MV& MtTm.100 — I
Morning Session.
• . - ' ¦' . Board— . ¦ . - >
.. 25 Alaska -Packers' Association .'..144 00
23 Hawaiian Commercial i& Sugar. * 48 25 .
100 Kilauea; Susar Plantation Co. . 4 OO
:¦¦ 50 Mutual Electric Light ..... ., . 10 00
5 S F Gas & Electric... .'...... 60 87ft
$2,C0O Market-st Ry 1st con 5s.. ... ,li:t 75
$3,000 S F'& S J V 5 rer cent...... 116 50'
' ¦ ¦ Street— ,-. v' . ; ?.-. v ¦• -, • '
-;3 Pacific Lighting Co. ......... .. SC 50
f.O SF Gas* & Electric. ......... UV 00' '
$1,000 SP-"of Arizona idSKW)..."..... 107 00
-. $1,000 S P of ; Arizona (1910) . . . . . .*. .108 00
' Afternoon . Session. :
Board— . ~ • : .» - .. r
33 Cal ¦ Fruit : Canners'. ' Assn . . .'. . '. 101 00 "
4S Hawaiian Commercial &.' Sugar., 48 00
¦ 5 Mutual -E'ectric Light :..'.'... .V 10 CO ¦¦-¦¦-
60 Mutual Electric Light ........ 10.12*
While business continued light yesterday, the
market showtd rather more variety. There
wa3 something doing In the light stocks, and
Gas and Electrio was firm at $60 87ft©61 and
Mutual Electric at $10@10 25. There were
sales of Hawaiian Commercial at $4S@48 25,
Fruit Canners at $101 and Alaska Packers at
$141. The oil stocks continued quiet and there
was nothing new in the mining stocks.
A Salt Lake dispatch yesterday said that it
was stated on authority which Is practically
official that hereafter the Daly-West dividend
will be 40c- instead of 63c, as at present.
California Powder Works (new corporation)
has declared a regular monthly dividend of 50c
per share, payable April 20.
The Montana Ore Purchasing Company has
declared a regular dividend of |2 per share and
an extra dividend' of $2, both payable April 30.
The total disbursements of the company to
date are $6,455,632. '
The Exchanges Quiet, but Shozv
ing More Variety.
NEW ORLEANS. April 14.— The immense
spot demand that developed in the open cot
ton market to-day played the game into the
hands of the bulls after the bears seemed
fully assured of being able to put prices still
lower. Early in the afternoon rumors of im
mense spot sales were spread about. These
were later confirmed by -the official spot re
port. Total spot sales were 17,r>00 bales. This
equals the entire amount of trading dono dur
ing the whole of last week. Spot quotations
were unchanged. The sensation of. the day
was found in the immense epot transactions
by W. P. Brown & Co. They bought S»000
bales of spot. Thl* was easily the largest
single spot transaction ever made on the Cct
ton Exchange here. The amount of money
Involved in it was approximately $750,000, as
the cotton was the high grade.
NEW ORLEANS
NEW YORK, April 14.— The cotton market
clored firm at a net advance of 12SS20 points.
New York Cotton Market.
STOCK MAKKET.
The Butter market is still handicapped by
the softness of the receipts, and some days
yet must elapse ere the product regains its
normal hardness. There is a good. demand for
fine hard creamery, but it is difficult to find
any. Nobody wants the soft Butter and it Is
accumulating. There is nothing new In Cheese.
Eggs as previously quoted. Receipts
fell off sharply yesterday, as will be seen. Fine
ranch rule steady, but poor goods are not
wanted. Some inferior store were offered down
to 15c without finding a buyer. Eastern con
tinue to arrive and co into store.
Receipts were U3.&00 lbs Butter, 1007 cases
Ekk? and 22,700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, l?@l.)c
for extras and 17@17ftc for firsts; dairy. 15®
17ftc; store Butter, 13&14c; cold storage, nom
inal.
CHEESE — 8(09c for good to choice new
and 7Si7Vic for lower grades: Young Americas,
9 ft 610c; Eastern, 15©16c; Western. 14015c
per lb. '
EGGS— Ranch. 18319c for fair to choice;
store, l(i@17ftc per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
OREGON
Flour, qr sks... 11,242! Potatoes, sks .. 1.003
Onions, sks ... 70|Llme. bbls 499
Bran sks S00| Paper, reams .. 646
Middlings, sks. 580'Wlne. gals 36,050
Hay. tons 856jSugaf. ctls .... 5<X»
Straw, tons . . . 20|
Flour qr sks . . 7.427 Wool bales ... 545
Wheat, ctls 42 Feed, sks 55
Barley ctls.... 7,262 Hides. No 539
Beans, sks 228 Pelts No. .... 2.005
Corn ctls 9«5| leather rolls 200
Potatoes sks .. 1,39.1 1 Tallow, ctls ... 20:»
FOR THURSDAY. APRIL 14
Receipts of Produce.
Jairjps de Conlay Jr.. an Australian jour
ralist. exhibited on th«" Grain Exchange a day
Australian Wheat Samples.
Hops are beuinnirp to sprout, but the hop
growers have not yet had time t« thoroughly
rlren ar.d cultivate their yards, although they
are now very bury at this work. Goat shear
ing hat begun *nd the clip, so far as learned.
i» an average one. Pasture* j.nd stock are im
proving, and in som«> sections stock has been
turned out on the rnrure.
Early cherries, p^ach*"*, plums and bush
trult liave rom<» into Moon during the week.
and the otitlook for fruit of all kinds it- mut-h
b*ttfr than usual this earty in the season.
The firnt two rtays of th» wook wire rainy
•nd cold, but th* latter pert was warm and
pleasant and Ideal f^r farm work. A few
frosty mornings crcurrod. but the frosts were
too light to do any harm.
ri^wlng and M^ding have been pushed »s
rapidly as possible. Tlie toil on the hiRh lards
U In excellent condition for plowins. and that
on the bottom land* Is fast drying out. Early
(f«rd*-ns have twen Ftart»>d and som*> *>artjr
potatoes have be<»n planted. The season, how
ever is very backward the farmers generally
are bf hind with their work, and mar.y fpar that
they will not have time to }>r*>parp the l«ni
thry Intended for spring peedirjt \vfnrr- it Ik t. o
latp for xrheat and other small grain. Fall
mheat In doing nicely, and but few complaints
am made refrarrtinf: its condition.
The report of Edward A. Beals, s<K*ion di
rector. United Ftatcs Weather Bureau, for the
Oregon Crop Bulletin for the week ended April
12 is a* follows:
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 16@18c per lb:
Geese, per pair, $2#2 50; . Goslings. $2«5 < 2 SO;
Ducks. $5 50<g« 50 per dozen for old and $(5 50®
7 B0 for young; Hens. $7@8 for -large and
$3 50@6 for small; young Roosters. $7 50©
8 50; old Roosters, $5!§tj; Fryers. $6@0 5<i;
Broilers, $4@4<50 for large and $2 50@J for
small; Pigeons $1 25® 1 60 per dozen for old
and $1 75&2 25 tor Squabs.
GAME — Gray Geese. $25003 per dozen:
White Gee*e. 75c@$l; Brant, JMSfl 50; Honkers,
$3«4- English Snipe, $:«iST3 !>O; common Snipe.
$1 50®l 75; Rabbits, $1@1 75; Hare, $1@1 25.
No more Western Poultry was marketed, but
a car was. reported close at hand and sched
uled for, to-day's market. Receipts of do
mestic stock were a little in excess of forty
coops and. everythlne except very small Broil
ers and Squabs cleaned up well at steady rates.
Game did better, as the receipts were very
light and tho stock arrived in pretty good
condition. *
Poultry and Game.
I Th? few offerings of stocks were sufficient. In
the staenation of demand, to weigh prices
gradually downward. The decline was due
more to imagination than to any positive ele
• monts of weakness. London was not inclined
to asFFume «ro- decided attitude In this, market.
The reduction of the Baak of England rate
had been discounted in th>t market anJ ttie
Russian naval ilis=att»-r indu.-ed pome selling
for Paris ai-count. The price of prold was
marked down in London together with the
bank rate, thus showing a disposition to repay
the London market's obligations to Pari3.
«-sj>ecially «» N*w York la able to supply «old
to ho!p " out the process. London financial
opinion hat. viewed the heavy obligation of that
mark»t to Paris capital, which has persisted
lor feTeral y«-ars with trrowing dls^»atisfac
1 tion. The March statement of our foreign
< trade in full pcmrwhat modifies th«- unfavor
i a Mo imprwsion of the Ftatemt*nt cf exporta,
l.y an increase in th» value of manufactured
expons, which t.fftwts in part the large !r:s
j in the rxixirts of domestic productf. Tnc
valu e of imiwirts also has fallen, thus help
ing to <-bs<? the excessive reduction in the
1 balance of trade in our favor whic.i »JS
1 thrrau-ned. Assertions and opinions tmm va
' rlous sources of crop damace accompanied t le
drsuJtory decline of the leading railroad s*>?ks
nnd industrials. Amalgamated Copper «nd
Anaconda were sold on doubts of an increase
in the coming dividend. The market closi.*d
eapy and »t about the lowest.
The bond market turned heavy in sympathy
with stocks. Total talcs (par value). $2,115.-
WO
Uiiittsl Ftatff Sa declined *i i>er cent on call.
NUW YORK STOCK LIST.
St<jcks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchifon 24.1HH> 74ft 73ft 73«^
Atchiton pfd 2«0 93M 83 «i
Ha!t!nu>ro & Ohio.. 4,5<«> SI 80 18
Bait * Ohio pfd... JCO 5H)ft !*>ft 90ft
Canadian Pacinc... 1174, 11U% ll«ft
On of Nfw Jt r«ey 159
Chesar^ake & Ohio. 200 33 ">-* t 32ft
(•hlcago & Alton... W) 31% 37ft 37ft
' Chi & Alton p'.d 6'Jft
1 Chi Gjvat Western. 1,000 l«" s 16 ft Hi ft
Chicago & N W 170ft
Chi. M'.l & Pt Paul. 37.4<X> 14«'4 144% Ul%
i C.« M & t?t P p£d 175
Chi Term ti Trans »
Chi T & T ptd 1»%
C C, C 4c St Louts 75
Oo'.ora<io Southern. 500 17^i 17 17
Colo Scuth 1st pUX 54ft
Cole South 24 pfd. 100 23ft 23.ft 23
Delaware <t Hudson fK>0 154ft 154 153 U
l>el L i- W 100 2CS 20H 1'Gi
l>enver & Itio G... 100 21ft 21ft 21ft
Df n & Itio ti pfd . . 30U 71 '« Jlft 71 '
Erie 7.8CO 27 20^4 20*i
Eric 1st pfd. 700 m% t>o «4 %
Erie 1M ij.'cI WO <2fe 41*'i 41 %
Hockinff Valley 71
Hocking Val rfd.. ."0i> SI 60ft 80ft
IliinoiE Central 500 130% 130^ 130ft
Iowa Central 100 l'J 19 IS ft
Iowa Central pfd 35
K <J Southern 16ft
K C Southern i~.fd.. 400 ."U Soft 35
Lcu!s & NafIi 2,f.<-V lV.» s i - 10SS 11*4
Manhattan L 500 143 142^4 142V*
Mctrofolitan Sec?.* 7814
Metropolitan St By. GOO 110 114 114 U
Mir.n & St Louis.. 37
M, HPi-SSM.. 400 C2 61 (il
iJ.SU* & SS M pfd 117
Missouri Pacific 5.100 94Vi IK! 1 * 'M^-i
Mo, Kan & Texas. :XX> 17 7 ii 17ft 17ft
M. K &. T pfd 300 33 14 3a SSft
Ntl R H Mex pf<i. 000 40 3H% 3}»Vi
New York Central. 4tt) 117J; ll*i?i U*i^
Norfolk & Western. 5'X) 58% 6S ES
Nor & West pfd 88
Ontario & Western. f>00 21% 21% 21 a s
Pennsylvania 33,-100 11»?» 11»U H»ft
P. C. C & St Louis ' ei
Reading 13.»OO 45«4 44*4 43-^
Hending 1st pfd 20o ~z\ -7!>*4 7Sft
Reading 2d f>fd 2.4#O 00 «4ft C5
Rock Island Co 2,»W 24 23>4 23 1 ,
Rock Island Co rfd 1,200 05 C3 «5 . ,
StL & SF 2-1 pfd.. 10!> 47ft 47ft 47
St Louis S W 500 li\ 14?» 14
I Bt Louis p \V pfd.. 1.7(J0 36 3T. 35U4
j Southern Pacific... 38.000 5Oft 49>i 49% '
Southern Ilallway.. 100 22ft 21;* 21%
Southern Ry pld.. 100 85 85 84* 4
Texas & Pacific 100 24ft 24ft 24S
T, St L & W 100 25", 23^ 25
T. St L & W pfd.. 400 3% 37ft 37ft
Union Pacific 2S.:J00 87*4 S5t» &•"•*,
Union Pacific pfd 92U
Wabash 1.500 lPft 19 18?i
Wabash pfd 8.100 3» 3S*i 3.Sft
Wheeling & L E 17
Wisconsin Central. 100 18ft lKft ISft
Wist-onsin Cen pfd. -500 41^ 40ft 40U
Express Companies —
Adams 224
American ... t IRS
United fctafs 107
Wtlls-Farso SOI
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 16,500 50% . :.(¦»; 49ft
Am Car & Found. 600 20 in>4 1914
Am Car & F pfd.. COO 72 72 - 71
Am Cotton Oil .... 200 30 29*4 29ft
Am Cot Oil pfd S8 !
Amice... BOO 7% 7 : " 5>i i
Am Ice pfd 200 2s 27% 2»
Am Linseed Oil ¦ S *'
Am Lin Oil pfd 27 ft
Am Locomotive ... 200 21 >4 21% 21»/»
Air. Locomo pf d . . . K00 82 »4 82 «i B2'/-
Am Smelt & Ref.. 200 48H *8% 48
Am Smel & R pfd. 400 1)34, f(3ft 92Vi
Am Supar Ret 2.900 128ft 127ft 127»i
Anaconda Min Co.. 400 76 73 72
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 14.100 47ft 4G 4«
Cclo Fu*! &. Iron.. 500 32 31% 31ft
ConeollcJUed Gas .. 6.700 201ft I»S»i 2O0ft
Corn Products 13ft
Corn Products pfd 70^
Dirtlllerf' Securit 22ft
General Electric .. 100 • 105 1C> 1S4
Intrrnat Paper ... 100 lift lift 11
Ititemat Paper pfd Ctt^i
Ii'ternat Pump < 38ft
Inti mat Pump ptd 75
National Lead 9.S00 19% 17*4 1>»%
North American Wft
Pacific Mail 20>4
People's Gw 200 90*4 9W* »«ft
Pressed Steel Car.. 100 29ft 29ft 29>i
Pressed S Car pfd 70ft
Pullman Pal Car 208
Republic Steel 400 7>i 7 7»i
Republic steel pfd. 200 4CU 46«4 45'A
Rubber Goods 900 19 ISft lsft
Rubber Goods pfd. 100 79 1 79 77ft
Tcnn Coal & Iron. 500 39»i \ 3»% 39
U S leather 000 7ft, 7^- fc%
t! S Leather pfd... 100 79 79 78*S>
U S HeaJty 1,500 7% fi% 6^
U S Realty pfd ... 300 55 55 54%
V S Rubber .' ::oo 13»4 13% 1394
U 8 Rubb«r pfd... 1.100 58% 58* 58
U R Steel 200 lift 11V4 11H
U S Steel pfd 24.700 61% 00% «0ft
Westlnghse Elect lfiO
Western Union ... 100 .88% 88*4 8X%
Northern Securities , .... *S?4
Total sales . . .353. «00 " .
.UNITED RAILROADS OF SAX FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, April 14.— Bond transactions
of the United Railroads of Ean Francisco were
$5000 at S~ 37ft.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4'i, asked 4ft; preferred, bid
35ft, asked Stt.
NEW YORK BONDS. .
U S ret 2s rcg.. 10514 Ir, & N unified 4s. 99%
Do coupon lCSVilMan con eold 4s.. 102ft .
Do 3e rejr 100 |Mex Cent 4s ;...<$«
Do -coupon 107 I Do 1st Inc 13V4
Do new 4* reg.l.13V« Minn & St L 4s. 95ft
Do coupon 133'5 M. K & T 4s.... 78ft
Do old 4« reg.!07% Do 2ds 7R%
Do coupon 107*4 NR of Mex con 4i 73ft
Atch gen 4s 100 NYC pen 3fts.. 08%
Do adj 4» 01 N J C gen 5s 129ft
Atlantic C L 4s. 93>4 Nor Pac 4s ..;..103
Bat '& Ohio' 4s IW% Do 3s ...;. 72%
Do 3ft« »4 |Nor & W con 4s. 07ft
Central of Ga tw.107% OSL 4g.& lairtic. fa
Do 1st lac.V... «ft IPa conr 3fts. 07.
Ches & Ohio 4ft«.102ftlReadlng (ten 4s... 97ft
Chi & Alton 3fts. 7« SL & I M con Ss.lia'
C B & Q new 4s. !U S/L & S F tg 4s. S3
CM &- 'HP Kn4s.l0S% St Louis SW lsts. 9<J
r & NW oon 7S.129H Seaboard A L 4s. Oft
C R I & Pac 4s. 71ft So Pac 4s ... 8»%
Do col 5s ..... 73- So Railway Se...JlSU
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.I01UIT<>x &Pac lets.. 117%
Chl'Term 4a .... W>=ilT. St.L & W,4s. «»
Cons Tobacco 4s. RS (Union Pacific 4s. lm '
Colo & So Is.... &5%j Do conv 4a.... 03*6
j Miscellaneous Markets.
CHICAGO. April 14.— CATTLE— Receipts.
3000; steady to strong: good to prime steers,
$5@5 CO; poor to medium, $3 5O<@4 90; stockers
and feeders. $2 "o(ni 30; cows, $2@t 30; heif
ers. $2 2r.<?4 40; canners, $1 SO'&iJ 50; bulls,
.$2&"4T calves, $2 23@4 75; Texas fed steers,
$4<&1 00. •
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 17,000; to-morrow,
15,000; about steady; mixed and butchers,
$5 lO^S 35; good to choice heavy, $5 3OJT5 40;
rough heavy. ?5 IO©5 30; light, $4 85^5 23;
bulk of sales. $5 15@:> 30. i
SHEEP— Rpcrtpts. 10.<X)0; sheep and lambs,
steady to strong; good to choice wethers, $4 73
@r. «5: fair to choice mixed, $3 50#4 60; West
ern sheep, $4 C0<??5 '10; native lambs, $4 50@
ft 90; Western lambs. $0 ZO@G 50.
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, April 14. — On . the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creameries, 14©23c: dairies, 12ft©21c; eggs,
steady at mark, cases included, 16ft@17?ic;
cheese, weak, Jt&lOftc.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Money — 3©4 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short billa la 2 1 <sfi2 : * per cent and for three
months' bills 2 9-1C02H per cent.
Cons for money.. SS«£jN Y Central 120ft
Do for acct ... 8S% Nor & Western.. (!0%
Anaconda 3^ Do pfd no
Atchisnn lCft'Ont & Western.. 22>i
Do pfd 4fi*. 4 i Pennsylvania em
Bal &. Ohio R2%!Kand Mines 10%
Can Pacific 120m Reading 2- - t*i
Ches & Ohio .•»% Do 1st pfd..... 40ft
Chi Great West.. 17 h* Do 2d rfd.. 34
Chi. Mil & St P.14!> So Railway 22%
Dc Beers 19% Do rfd S7ft
Den & Rio G 22% So Pacific .">1 %
Do pfd 14 Union Pacific 80ft
Erie 27% Do pfd 05
Do 1st rfd 07 Vi V S Steel .... 12
Do 2d pfd 43. Do pfd 61 >i
111 Central 134 Wabash Iftft
Louin <t Nash...l12V;| Do pfd .13ft
M. K &- Texas... lSVilFranlsh 4s Sl*i
Bar silver — Quiet. 24=Sd per ounce.
London Closing Stocks.
Money— |U S Swl 11U
Call loans 2ft«??3U Do -M 00%
Time loans . . .3ft@4ft! Westing Common. 78
Bonds — j Mining —
Atchigon 4s WHJ Adventure 2
Do adj 4s ..... 9Oft Allouez 4ft
Mex Cent 4s t»4ft Amal Copper 49 V 4
Railroads — |Ame.r* Zinc 10%
Atchison 73ft)AtlanUc 8
Do pfd l>3^JBinKham 22ft
Boston & Albany.250 | Calumet & Hecla.467
Boston & Maine. 1«7 i Centennial .'..10ft
Boston Elev 13fl?4 Copper Range ... 42
Fltchburg pfd 141 Daly West 20?4
Mex Central ~\\ Dom Coal 67ft
N Y. N H & H..1S9 IFraiiklin 1*i
Pere Marquette.. 75 Grancy -. 3'i
Union Pacific 85% IMe Royale 7
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining .... 4
Amer Arge Chem. 13 Michigan 8
Do pfd 71 Mohawk 4lft
Air.er Pneu Tube. 4%|Mont Coal & Coke 2
Amer Sufiar 127 (Old Dominion 12«
Do rfd 125ft!o«ceola 57ft
Amer Tel & Tel . 126*, | Parrot 24 ft
Amer Woolen ... 10%!Qulncy 8^
Do pfd 75 1 ii Shannon 8
Dom Iron & S... 10 Tamarack 95
Ed Elect Ilium.. 237ft Trinity 4
Gen Electric 104 U S Mining 20ft
Mass EJectric lflft U S Oil 0%
Do pfd 75 Utah 33 »{
Mass Gas 40 Victoria 3>i
United Fruit ICO Winona (1
Un Shoe Mach... 48 Wolverine 72
Do pfd 2S l i
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
TEN DOLJ/ARS REWARD.
Notify The Call Office If Yon Miss
Your Paiier.
IS for any canae THE CAI.I> is not de
livered resrularly to snt»crfl>era pl**i«
call np "CALL EXCHANGE" and notify
Subscription Cleric in charare. Your com
plaint will receive prompt attention.
A ctandinr reward of Ten Dollars
($10.00) is offered for the * arrest and
conviction' of any one canjr&t stealing
THE CALL.
't^ ~ *
100 Mutual Electric Light 10 25
$2,000 Cal Gaa & El Gen M & C T 5s. 80 0O
$1 COO Northern Ry of Cal 5 per cent. lit 5<>
$4,000 S P of Arizona (1010) 10S 0O
Street —
20 S F Gas & Electric «1 OO
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC Cs.100 — |SF & NP 53.111% —
B L Wat 6s. — 117ft|S P C R 4s. — 100
Cal NW 5s..lO8ftllO',ilS p Co 4s. .100 —
M C Wat Ss.100 — |Sun Tel fls.,113 —
Rls I WksT>s. — 107ft|Suttr-st R5s.lO5 1W
SF Drdk 5s — 113ft|UR of SF 4s. 77 Tl%
: MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS..
Ala S Co... 24 20 Mat Nar Co. — 90
•Cal Cot Mils 8fl — - Ner Nat Bk. — 200 .
Cal G&E Cor 32ft 37ft N S3 R R Co. 9U —
C Jockey C1.105 — N Cal P Co. 10ft 11 '
Cal Powder. 125 140 Oak Bk Sav.ll2ft —
Cal Ship Co. 15 30 Oak T Con.. 75
Cal TI4T- 133 IOOF Hall A « ' —
Cen Bk. Oak KJT; — Orpheum Co. 12U l«»i
Chutes Co .. fl% — Pac S. Tel... 101 ft —
City & C Bk — 112 IParaf Paint. 3N —
East Dynm.150 250 IS F Drydock «> —
DpntPwd pfd — 00 ISF&SJ Coal. 2* —
Do com .. 4O — S J Wat Co. — 10H
FN Bk Oak.l2O — SO A MTgbt.123 —
Fischer Thtr — l'i Swlss-A BkM15 —
Frnch-A Bk.105 — |Truck Elect.. l»» —
Gas Con A.. — 22 UR InC pM. 4-1 —
Hon P Co.. 13 15 I Do com ..9 —
Lon& SF Bk — 60 I
Morning Session.
Board— i"
$2,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 77 37t,
Afternoon Session.
• • Boaid— -I'^i"
$3.C0<J United R R of S F 4 per cent. . 7» 25
50 Nevada National Bank 1S7 3D
California Stock ami Oil Exchange
Apollo *¦"'
Associated Trtutt Certificates. 13 3>'
Central Point Con «<» . . • • • .
Chicago Crude 2t» 21
Claremont «*> • 5 »
Fulton > 3 9O
Hanford 170 m. ....
Home 15° Jig
Imperial U <*> "
Independence 21 ~»
! Kern » W> 5 5<>
Kern River 10 0O 12 00
iLlon • «»
; Monarch (of Arizona) 4<> ••¦•
I Monte Cristo "7ft SO
Occidental of W Va 10 ....
Oil City Petroleum 40 41
Peerless 13 *j\ 3
iPittsburgr •• 20
i Sovereign -oil -2:
Sterling *0 ' ' ? S?
i Thirty- three / • 8 °"
< Twenty-eljtht B-5 i*;;
I West Shore vii;; ' * Z«
Associated- Bonds «8ft TO
Miscellaneous— .
Abby Land & Imp 133 150
SALES.
Morning- Session.
603 Associated t9 '
10OO Independence 21
1000 Oil City Petroleum 4» .
1000 Oil City Petroleum, b 30 41,
300 Oil City Petroleum 41
Afternoon Session.
7000 Independence 22
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in ltO-lb bags:
Cubes, -A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.«5c:
Powdered. 5.50c; Candy Granulated. 5.50c;
Dry Granulated, . fine, ' 5.40c; Dry Granu
lated, coarse 6.40c: Fruit Granulated, 5.40c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only). 5.30c:
Confectioners' A, o.40c; Magnolia A, 5c:
Extra C, 4.00c; Golden C. -4.S0C-. "D."
4.70c; barrels. 10c more; half barrels. 25c more:
boxes, 50c more; 60-lb bags. 10c more for all
kinds. Tablets— Half barrels. 5.90c; boxes,
6.15c; H. & E. Crystal Dominoa. 8.40c per lb.
No orders taktn fcr less than seventy-flve bar
rels or Its equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 79
7ftc per lb; White Lead. 7@7ftc, according to
quantity. .
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 5c: Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil,' In cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' A A. $1 JOf I 12: Lucol. 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. 60@70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm.
Oil,' 85c; natural winter Sperm Oil. 80c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil, C5c; natural Whale
Oil, 60c; extra winter strained Lard Oil, 75c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. 60c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c:
No. 1 Neotsfoot Oil. 65c: light Herring Oil.
45c: dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil, 3Sc:
bol":ed Fish Oil. 40c; raw Flsll Oil. 38c; boiled
Paint Oil. 35c: raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil, in cases. 20ftc; Astral 20ftc;
Star. 20ftc; Extra Star. 24ftc: Elaine. 20ftc:
Eocene. 23 ftc; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk, Itic; in cases. 22ftc; Benzine, In bulk,
13c: in cases, lOftc: S6-degree gasoline in
bulk, 25c: In cases. Sic.
TURPENTINE— Sic per gallon in cases and
75c in drums and iron barrels.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5%c spot and 0»£c June
'July; San Quentin. $5 40; Wool Bags, 32®35c:
Fleece Twine, 7©8c.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $6 50; Bea
ver Hill, $6;. Stanford. $7; Roslyn, $7; C003
Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania - Anthracite Kgg, $14:
Welsh- Anthracite Egg-. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 ruesn;:
pep ton In bulk and $16 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptiens. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 SO
per long ton. according to brand.
General Merchandise.
Bank of England reduces its rate of discount to 3J6 per cent.
Wall-street stocks weaker on the day. Cotton closed firmer.
Business still quiet on the local Stock Exchanges.
The West still sending in Wheat crop damage reports.
Barley market quiets dozen, but continues firm.
Oats, Corn and Rye still inactive.
Hay rules easy under liberal receipts. Feedstuffs firm.
Beans and Seeds as previously quoted.
Butter still showing effects of the recent hot weather.
Clurcse and Eggs in ample supply at previous prices.
Provisions weak and quiet everywhere. .
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs in sufficient supply and easy.
River Potatoes held for higher prices.
Asparagus, Peas and Rhubarb coming in freely.
Poultry and Game steady and cleaning up well.
Oranges quieter. Lemons firm and Limes steady.
' CHICAGO, April 14. --Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, stoady; No. 2 spring* wheat,
ftOgUSc; No. 3, S5OQ5C; No. 2 red, 06«00c;
No. 2 corn, fi3<5?5;{fte: No. 2 yellow. 53V,@
53ftc: No. 2 oats, 37y,@3Rc; No. 3 white,
40Vi642c; No.' 2 rye, 60@70c; good feeding
barley, 34@35ftc; fair to choice malting, 44@
55c; No 1 flaxseed, $1 00; No. 1 Northwest
ern. $1 16; prime timothy seed. $2 85@2 «0;
mess pork, per barrel,' $12 25012 37ft ; lard,
per 100 lbs. $C 6ttft« 07ft; short ribs ' sides
(loose) $t5 2r>tf£»5 37ft; short clear sides (boxed),
j»5 no® 6 75: whisky, basis of high wines, $1 28;
clover, contract grade, ?12 50.
Article* — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 23,600 28,300
Wheat, bushels ' 14.000 ¦« 58,400
Corn, bushels 1W.30O 84,300
Oats, bushels 12(5.200 139.200
Rye, bushe\s 2,000 3,800
Barley, bushels 76,300 . 6,500
Cash Grain and Provisions.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS,
Adams Con 20! Little Chief ...:. 06
Alice 20|Ontario 4 25
Breece 12|Ophir 6 00
Brur.s Con «J|Pnocnlx 10
Com Tunnel - Oi»|Potos| i 20
Con Oal & Va.. 1 50|Savage 41
Horn Silver 1 25 Sierra Nev... ... .. 75
Iron Silver X 70' Small Hopes .... 15
Leadvllle Con ... 02 J Standard 2 C5
Colo F & 1 52 US Steel 2d 5s.. 78ft
Den & Rio G 4s. 9SVi Wabash lsts ....117^
Krie prior lien 4s. O8V4 Do deb B . »i2
Do gen 4s .... SA% W & L Erie 4s. S9
F \V & D C lsts.lOoft Wis Cent 4s 89%
Hock Val 4fts..lOC
Receipts of- Asparagus continued heavy, but
prices were well maintained, as the canners
were in tha market and bought up most of. the
surplus at 3@4c per., pound. The market was
overloaded with Peas and they sold by the
sack at easier rates. Rhubarb was dull, ex
cept for fancy San Jose lots, which brought the
top quotation. The top price for the best Ala
meda County stock was 85c. Receipts of vege
tables from around the bay Included 1659 boxes
of Asparagus, 876 boxes of Rhubarb and 688
sacks of Peas. A steamer arrived from Mexico
with 1024 boxes of Tomatoes and 25 boxe* of
Peppers. - • - ¦ •'..-¦
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. $1 35
@1 00 per ctl; Oregon Rurbanks, $1 50@l 75
per ctl; River Reds. $1@1 10 per ctl; sm»ll
Oregon Burbanks for eeed.$l 10@l 25 per ctl:
Garnet Chiles. $1 25@1 50 per ctl: Early Rose.
$1 40tfl 75 per ctl ; new Potatoes, 2ft@)3c per
pound.
ONIONS— Yellow. $2 50@2 85 per ctl for Ore
gon and $"-'(<f-l 25 for Australian; Gr:en Onions,
35© 60c per box.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 5@6c per lb for
extra. 4@4ftc for No. 1 and 3@3ftc for No. 2:
Rluibarb, 35c(5$l per box; Green Peas. $1@1 50
per sack; Strlnir Beans, 8@15c per lb': Toma
toei>,. 75cQ$l 25 wr box or crate for Los An
geles and $1 60@l 75 for Mexican: Summer
Squash from Lps Angelee. ?1 25@1 35 per box:
Cabbage, $1 25 per Ctl; Carrots. 80c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers. 75c<JJ$X 50" per dozen;
Garlic, 15c per lb; Egg Plant, — — per lb;
Dried Peppers 5(5 Sc per lb for Stockton and
l(K&12ftc for southern; Dried Okra. 12ft@15c
per lb; Green Peppers (Mexican). lSifSSc per
lb; Marrowfat Squash, jobbing at l' / i<S'2c per
pound.
Receipts of River Potatoes were light • and
were lield by a few dealers, who were exacting
higher prices. Sales of fancy . lots were re
ported at $1 75 per cental to arrive. The Off.
Kon steamer brought down ' about .'000 sacks,
but few sales were reported, as only a small
portion had been unloaded up tn-a late hour.
Receipts of new Potatoes were 178 sacks and
prices had a wider range as to quality. There
was no change in Onions.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Mustard ' $3@3 25; Flax $1 80@l 90; Canary,
5ft©53ic for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14ft@16c; Rape.
Hi@2c; Timothy. 6®6ftc; Hemp, 3%@4c. per
lb; Millet. 3@3ftc; Broom Corn Seed. • $20021
per ton. . ,, . "¦ \~ .
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $3 per ctl; Niles,
$3 25; Green. $3©3 25.
September, old. 83% 84% "¦ 83% 8414
Coin No. 2 — .
May 53Vi 53%. ; 52'i 5.1^
July 50?i fiHs' 50^ 50%
September..... 49% 50% ' ,/ 49% . 50
Oats No. 2— -
May 37*J 38 % 37% . ,38
July : 3794 38 37% . 31%
September 32Mt 3214 32 3'iy,
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 12 45 -12 45 12 15 12 27ft
July 12 57ft 12 62ft 12 45 12 50
Lard, per 100 lbs— .
May « 05 0 67ft 6 57ft 6 05
July 6 80 0 85 6 72ft 6 80
Short Ribs, per W0 lbs —
May 6 47ft 6 47ft « 35 6 4!>
July 0 65 . 0 65 « 52ft « 57ft
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In. San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 8<SJ9c; - .Cows and Heifers,
7@8c; thin Cows, 4S5c per lb. ."'"::'¦
CALVES — 4@4&c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4^@5; Ewes. 4Vi«4%c
per lb (gross weight). -
LAMH — $2 "ioT;^ per head.
HOGS— Live Hoes. 14Q to 200 lbs. 5T-i®6c;
over 200 lbs, 5^&5y 4 c; soft Hogs. 4%©>>Hc:
Sows, 20 per cent oft ; Boars, BO per cent oft.
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9®10c; Ewes. 8}i®8fcc
per lb.^atawgBteawftmMftga
I.AMB-rl2H@13c'per lb. •
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6}i©9e per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 15, 1904.
All markets under this ' head . continue quiet
and. as previously: stated.'-- ¦..,.-.,. «.-¦•_
BEANS— Bayos.-- $2 8002 50;^ Pea. $3@3 25;
Butters. $3 50@3 T5; : small -? White.- ¦'; $3@3 10;'
large White,' $2 C5@2 75 ;^ Pink,' $3 80@.3 50;
Red. $4 50;. Lima, $3 20573 :»;¦ Red -Kidneys,
$4 50@5;-Blackeye. $2 15@>2 25 per ctl; Horsa
Beans. $2@2 50.- ? . . ...
SEEDS— Brown .'Mustard, $3 75©4;:- Yellow
Beans and Seeds.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers . to dealers
are Mifollows:- ; .. . " "." . : •' : ¦ - :
-.BEEF — 7»£®8c 'for 'Steers * and 6V6®7c- per
lb* for Cows. •¦¦'¦-¦¦'
- ..VEAL— Large, * S^®Oc; !¦ small, r 8^@8V6c .- per
Dound.T ' ; ' -*;¦ -:v.^ ¦ ¦¦. .¦¦.- -. ".'•¦ ¦"-:."¦<-•¦,- -•—¦;-.,.¦<' •:-.-- t ¦•¦-•
¦ There arc no • further arlcc changes. ¦ Pack
ers report ' a good , many poor ¦ Hogs coming in
and they ¦ are not ' wanted. ; Beef. Mutton and
Lamb' continue weak. ' . -: ¦ '' ¦¦¦¦ .:'¦. • •¦
: .DRESSED MEATS. ,
Meat. Market.
Sues Former . Agent for $1000.
1 The Williamsburg City Fire Insur
ance Company yesterday sued* Eli' H.
Pierce, its former agent, for $1000. the
amount of • a policy^ paid by the com
pany to \W. J. Neuman of Salt Lake.
It is alleged -in the complaint that
Pierce ' failed to "cancel '¦ the. policy, as
instructed,"Ywith\the ¦ result that 'a-, few
days . after ; he ; was notified the * com
pany.was compelled to pay. Neuman
fon the loss he sustained by a flre, .'
Receipts of • Hay were larger again : yester
day, being 856 tons, -and the market continued
easy. „ ' .
Corn products were . higher and Bran and
Middlings continued firm. •
BRAN— $20@21 per ton. —
MIDDLINGS — $25028 per ton.
SHORTS — $20@21 per ton. -
FEEDSTUFFS— rolled Barley. $23 50@25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the ; mill. $29 50@31;
jobbing. $32 ; Cocoanut Cake. ¦ $22@23 ; . Corn
Mt-al, $30 5(xJjrSl 50: - Cracked • Corn, $31@32;
Mixed. Feed, ,$21<g22;' Horse Beans, $30©
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed, JKfc per.«tl.
¦"HAY — Wheat,' $14Jj 17; Wheat and Oat,' $14©
16; ; Oat. $12©15; Barley, $12®14; - Stock, $11 Q
13: Alfalfa, $ll@13 per ton.
STRAW— 50075c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15KILLED BT A TOT PISTOL..— David •Wat-
Fan, a blacksmith whose horne was at Knights
Ferry, died at the German Hospital yesterday
morninjr frcm blood poisoninjt caused by a
bullet wound in the left hand. Several days
ago Ti"ats»»n was examinitiE a toy pistol in
Btocktcn and accidentally discharged the con
tents into his hand. '•-•;..';
Dr. A. Barkan of the faculty of
Cooper Medical College will lecture to
night on the subject of "Eyes and Eye
Glasses." This is the eighth popular
lecture of the Lane lecture course and
will be delivered In the Cooper Col
lege auditorium. ¦
To Talk on Eye Glasses.
I . This is what you win find if you take a berth
I in a tcurist car over the Southern and Union
Pacific roads lor Chicago, St. Louis, or farther
I Kart. The tomtom ot a h*ullman at iwcopd
rlaFS rater. Ask S. F. Booth, General Agent
V. P. K. K., 1 Monlfforacry street, to tell you
about it. €*£Ci •
Great Comfort at Little Cost.
5 A benefit for the Russian Red Cross
Society will be given Thursday even
ing. May 5, by the executive.commit
tee of the Slav- Americans • of San
Francisco. It will be in the shape of
a public meeting, tof be held in Native
Sons' Hall. Prominent citizens of the
city will deliver addresses, and a musi-'
cal programme has been arranged.
Benefit for Russian Red Cross.
Frank Chapin. ' assistant superinten
dent of the California-street Railway
Company, who resigned yesterday to
accept a place with a street railway
company of San Jose, was last night
presented with a $275 diamond ring:
by the carmen of the California-street
line as a token of their appreciation of
his Just treatment. Superintendent G.
Harris made the. presentation speech.
Others who made remarks were: Dr.
Barger, .Dr. O'Brien and George Hare.
About 120 employes of the road were
present.
Remembered by Carmen.
PERSONAL.
O. McHenry, a banker of Modesto,
is at the Palace. ;
Dr. S. J. Wlmond of Baltimore is at
the Palace.
W. A. Gett. an attorney of Sacra
mento, is at the Lick.
State Senator P. J. Flanagan of
Reno, Nev., is at the Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. A. H. Tickell of Ne
vada. City are at the Palace.
A. C. Bingham. a banker of Marys
ville, and wife are at the Palace.
T. B. Gray, an insurance and mining
man of Nevada City, is at the Lick-
Walter Mackay, a capitalist of Port
land, and wife are at the SL Francis.
W. H. Nicholson and wife,- promi
nent residents of Erie. Pa., are stay
ing at the St Francis.
F. H. Hopkins, one of the leading
business men of Portland, and his
wife are guests at the St. Francis.
George W. Gill, president of the
Shannon Copper Company of Clifton,
Ariz., and wife arrived at the Palace
yesterday. - *
William O. Smith, an attorney of
Honolulu, who has been in Washing
ton for several weeks on legal busi
ness, is at the Occidental.
: Taigo Murakami, a. wealthy mer
chant of Tokio, who has been in this
country for several months, it at the
Occidental." . . .•
, Fred C. Finkle, chief hydraulic en
gineer of the ' Edison Electric Com
pany of Los Angeles, is in this city on
his way to Seattle and is staying at the
Palace.
William A. Steel, president of the
Washington State Press Association
and the Seattle Press Club and man
ager of the Nome Daily News, .is a
guest "at the Palace. ¦
Chin Foin, who is attached to the
Chinese commission to the St. Louis
Exposition and has been delegated to~
represent the vice commissioner on
the arrival of Prince Pon Po here
Saturday, reached this city. last night
and is staying at the Palace.
Berrit de Anker, former counselor
of the Swedish and . Norwegian lega
tion at St. Petersburg, who has been
appointed to a similar position with
the legation in Peking, arrived at the
Palace -last- evening. He left St. Pet
ersburg' March 11 and will sail for
the Orient, on, Saturday.,
J. Levering Jones and. Bayard Hen
ry,, leading; lawyers of Philadelphia,
who. are prominently. Identified with
the financial institutions of that city,
the former; being a director of the
North American Trust Company and
a* trustee ; of the Pennsylvania Uni
versity' and the latter . connected with
several railroad corporations, arrived
from the East yesterday; and are reg
istered at the St. Francis.
Senate Favors Mills.
-.WASHINGTON,; April 14..— The
nomination' of Colonel Albert L. Mills,
superintendent 5 of -the'' Military Acad
emy : at ' West ' Point, ¦ to be brigadier
general, was • favorably acted ; upon to
day,by the ; Senate Committee on'Mili
tary; Affairs
Alta Parlor. Native Daughters of the
Golden West, celebrated its nineteenth
anniversary by a banquet at the Lick
Hous*»- Wednesday night. Miss Edith
Muhlner presided as toastmistress and
introduced to ih*» 200 assembled women
Past Grand President Dr. M. Bertola,
who paid a glowing tribute to the Na
tive Daughters of the Golden West.
Among the other speakers of the
evening veie the following: Miss
Grace Williams. Mrs. Emma Fraser,
Miss E. F. Douglass. Mrs. L. Tritten
bach. Mrs. R. Kemp Van Ee. Miss C.
Faulkrter. Miss A. Lacy, D. D. G. P..
Miss Lizzie Sullivan, Miss M. Brown,
Miss M. Waller. Miss M. Hughes, Mrs.
M. French. Mrs. A. Hall. Mrs. J. A.
Steinbach. Miss M. Miller, and Miss M.
Manton. .-:.-'. ; ;
Annual ISunquet
Native Daughters of the Golden West
Assemble in Numbers at Their .
ALTA PARLOR CELEBRATES
SEVENTEENTH ANNI VERSARY
Burnett's 'Extract: at Vanilla— Used
exclusively by all leading hotels and clubs. •
CALL subscribers contemplating 1 s
chan-re of residence durinpr the summer
months can have their paper forwarded
by mail to their new address by.notify
incr THE CAX.X. Business Office. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local
asrent in p.U the towns on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
Bids were received for buying up
old desks in city schools. P. J. Cum
mings offered 27*2 cents apiece for
eighty desks and P. J. Flood offered
25 cents apiece for 100 desks.
Each school is about to be supplied
with h key to the nearest fire box and
all children will be instructed how to
turn in an alarm in case of fire.
It was yesterday resolved by the
Board of Education that Mrs. L. A.
Rich be appointed vice principal of
the Lincoln Evening School and su
pervisor of stenography and typewrit
ing In the evening schools. It was fur
ther resolved that Miss Emma G. Sul
livan, a regular teacher in the Grant
Primary School, be granted a leave of
absence on account of illness.
Students or -City Institutions Will Be
Instructed How to Turn In
lire Alarms.
NEW VICE PRINCIPAL FOR
LINCOLN EVENING SCHOOL
-A Jury in Judge Kerrigan's court
yesterday gave the Pacific Vinegar and
Pickle Works judgment for7$15.607
against Elizabeth E. Smith, widow of
Sidney M. Smith and administratrix of
his estate. The corporation sued for
$30,607. claiming that Smith had ad
vanced that amount to the California
Packing Company out of the funds of
the pickle manufacturing concern.
The plaintiff was represented by
Campbell. Metson &' Campbell. .
Smith Estate Loses Suit.
Secretary Fletcher of the California
State Board of Trade reports that the
board will be strongly represented, in
the special excursion to leave j this . city
in" April' for the purpose of attending
the Modesto irrigation jubilee. A large
number of business men. not mem
bers of the "California State Board of
Trade/ will also go with the party.
Among those already booked for the
trip are General N. P. Chipman, Col
onel John P. Irish, Harbor. Commis
sioners Spear, Klrkoatrlck and Mac-
Kenzie, Engineer Norton and Secre
tary Foy of the Harbor Commission,
Deputy Naval , Officer Maslin, J. S.
Emery and wife. C. M. Wooster, Hen
ry Campe, S. F. . Booth and K MK
Fletcher..- . - , ¦ ¦ ,
A delegation from the Merchants
Association is also to go to the jubilee.
Representatives of every commercial
organization in this city will "accept
the invitations tendered; by the Mo
desto people to take part in the ex
ercises.
California State Board of Trade Books
Part- to Travel Under Its-Man
agement Down Valley.
MODESTO IRRIGATION
, JUBILEE IS ATTRACTIVE
The rendition of the various num
bers by the pupils showed careful
training, talent and a proper inter
pretation of some of the leading com
posers' most difficult works. Mrs.
Lillian sang with her deep, rich con
tralto voice, and Miss Mundell ren
dered in fine voice Meyerbeer's "Ah,
Mon Fils." from "Le.Prophete."
Those who took part were the
Misses Lou and Martha Foster. Doris
Jones. Grace Dollar. Virginia Newhall.
Margaret Graham. Ina Perham, Alma
Birmingham. Marion Newhall, Evelyn
Kennedy. Margaret Sheehy, May Dris
coll, Laura Taylor, Casey and O'Con
nor, and Messrs. Philip Faymonville.
Charles Balskower. Dudley Gunn and
Evan, Harry and Arthur Evans.
The pupils of Miss Esther A. Mun
dell gave a musical recital yesterday
afternoon at the SoroBis Club,
California street. A large and fash
ionable audience filled the concert hall
and enjoyed an interesting instru
mental and vocal programme.
Is Entertained by Class of
TaJentcd Musicians.
Larsre mid Fashionable Audience
ESTHER 31 UN DELL'S PUPILS
PLAY AT SOROSIS CLUB
¦ An unpleasant little, mixup that was
not carded on' they program me took
place at the dog show at Mechanics'
Pavilion yesterday afternoon. Joseph
King, : former Supervisor, and dog
fancier, succeeded in making himself
obnoxious, and before he finally beat a
retreat from the -building he drew a
guri on William Kittle, one of the di
rectors of the KenneJ Club, and then
landed with his mighty right on the
jaw of the doorkeeper so hard that the
latter went down and out."
All the trouble occurred over King's
handsome Irish setter, Brian Boru,
which was awarded several prizes by
the judges yesterday. According to re
ports, King became so elated over his
good fortune that he invaded several
of the gilded palaces where the cheer
ing beverage may be had and before
long his spirits had; risen high and he
imagined many things.
He returned to the Pavilion and.
walking up to the bench where his dog
was Quartered," took the animal ,and
was in the act. of , walking" out of the
place with him when Kittle politely in
formed him that it 'was against the
rules of the Kennel Club to remove a
dog without a special permit.'
. King refused to listen to Kittle and
said he would do as he liked with the
animal. . A heated discussion - followed
and finally King made an. attempt to
strike Kittle with his fist. King finally
drew a revolver from his pocket and
threatened to shoot Kittle-
King then proceeded to take his dog
from the place. He got as far as the
door when he was intercepted by the
doorkeeper and another row followed.
This one was of. short duration, how
ever, for King j struck : the doorkeeper
a blow in the face, sending him sprawl
ing on the floor.
King left the Pavilion with his dog.
The officers of the Kennel Club imme
diately held a meeting and decided to
disqualify both King and his dog, so
the prizes .which the animal won will
not be awarded. The matter will be re
ported to the American Kennel Club in
New York and that body will likely
sustain the action taken by the local
organization, so that Mr. King will
hereafter find it a difficult matter to
break into a dog show, more difficult,
in fact, than making, an exit from one.
The convention held by the party represented
by Asher and Hasklns being the first held
after the adoption of said primary law. we
are therefore of the opinion that Jurisdiction is
conferred upon the Board of Election Commis
sicr.ers to determine which of these two peti
tions is entitled to be placed upon the official
ballot. "-.' ~
The case at Spellins vs. Brown. 122 Cal..
is not in point in the determination of this
question, and the argument advanced that
party usase lias Riven the right to the pe
tition signed by Anderson and Kelly, by rea
eon of Congressional recognition, has no appli
cation berr. since the adoption of the primary
law in 1U01.
Commissioner Devoto outlined the
findings of the Election Commissioners
as follows:
In this case we are of the opinion that only
one of these petition? can be rccojrnlzed. The
RUKKCstion by Colonel Eddy that the Beard of
Election Commissioners could recognize both
parties and order both parties to be placed upon
the official ballot cannot for a moment be.
countenanced, as such d^ision would cer
tainly defeat the purpose of the law.
Re-solved. That the rt'.jrtxtrar of Voters be
and he i*. hereby directed to place said TSe
l.ubliian |.artv of the Fourth Congressional
District on said official primary election bal
lot to be u«:<l at such primary.
Resolved, l>v the Board of Klection Com
miM-ioner? That the petition duly si^ried anl
authenticated by M. U Asher as chairman
antf V. I. Hawkins as secretary, and duly
certified be and it is hereby accepted aul
rv«.;rnlze«1 as in oil respects the lawful peti
fon of the Republican party of the Fourth
Ocnpressional IHstrici of the city and county
of San FranciMo for participation in said
primary election to be held May 3. 1901; and
t»- it further
The Board of Election Commissioners
decided to grant the petition of Maurice
Asher's committee for a place on the
official ballot at the primary election
for' delegates to the Fourth Congres
sional District convention. The peti
tion of the committee headed by Martin
KeMy was denied. The following resolu
tions were adopted: * . . V
Wherear. Two eertined copies of petitions
purporting to represent the Republican party
of the Fourth Congressional District of the
city and county vf San Francisco and askii.g
for partifiration in the primary election to
».* lield May a, 1»'4, have been received by
Jbe Registrar of Voter*: and
Whereas. Aft»r testimony taken and cue
consideration tiven, be- It
Final Disposition Is Made
of the Fourth " Congres
sional District Differences
Prize Setter and His Owner
Are Disqualified by the
Kennel Club's ' Officers
HAIU) BLOW TO BOSSES
CANINE CAUSES TROUBLE
Robert. Peters • accompanied •„ an ex
pressman:, and* a " load of second-hand
furniture to, the store of, J. Wasercork,
943 Mission , street, and :• assisted ': in - un
loading' the' goods upon the 1 sidewalk.
"Well, by this time to-morrow I'll
probably have ascertained , how. much
extras punishment; the non-circulating
phase of your offense calls for."
Prior to his arrest for vagrancy night
before last" at Third and Townsend
streets John McCarthy, had ,been run in
no less than five times from the same
place and on the same charge.
"You are guilty again, John,"; said
Judge Mogan, "but your sentence is
deferred until to-morrow, because I
cannot at once decide' what you are
entitled to. Pray, why do you concen
trate your vagrancy at "Third; and
Townsend streets : when there is much
urban territory that you might dis
tribute it over?". '"..- ¦_'¦ .
John wagged his head, but said noth
ing. . -
For distributing milk that contained
more water than the law allows A.
Furer^was arrested by Food Inspector
Misli and arraigned before Judge Mo
gan. The defendant denied that the
milk seized by the officer was defective
In either strength or purity, and asked
for. a continuance until he could pro
duce expert testimony to prove his
plea. ' >
"I'll continue the case until Satur
day," said the court, "but I don't know
of any better expert " testimony than
that of the Health Department ana
lysts who examined the milk In ques
tion." -
Then Clerk Grey whispered to the
bench that perhaps Mr. Furer intended
to introduce as experts some of the
babes of his customers, but the "bench
scornfully flouted the idea.
1 Patrolmen Small and Clancy were
• also in plain clothes when they drop
! ped into the little grocery kept by
I Mrs. Mary Jane Barrett, widow, at 311
Seventh street, and induced her to sell
to them a drink of whisky, although
she was not licensed to dispense spir
ituous liquors. In her defense before
< Judge Cabaniss the woman said that
i the late Chief of Police Sullivan had
tallowed her to sell drinks because he
i knew of her widowhood and her five
i young children and realized that she
had a hard struggle to make a living
for them. The Judge did not relish
the duty 'that compelled him to fine
Mrs. Barrett ten dollars, nor were the
two policemen in love with their task
of prosecuting the woman.
Patrolman Jenkins wps in plain at
tire when he dropped several nickels
into the slot of a machine that graces
the counter of P. H. Posner's cigar
store, on Hayes street, and then ar
rested Mr. Posner because the device
was unlicensed. Judge Mogan opined
that it was not necessary to invest
nickels to ascertain whether the ma
chine was licensed or not, and then
dismissed Mr. Posner after that gentle
man had promised to immediately
clothe it with legal protection against
predatory policemen.
Judge Fritz roundly reprimanded the
defendants and then dismissed them
after they had promised to be good. •
Various reliable witnesses informed
Judge Fritz that Comedians Kolb and
Dill never held more excited debate
nor fractured the English language
more ruthlessly than did Adolph Con
rad and Andrew Grottman during sev
eral evenings this week on the 200
block of Union street. Though much
of their dialect was unintelligible, said
these same witnesses, enough of it was
understood to shock the religious
sense of- neighbors and drive them
within doors when they desired to re
main basking on their front stoops. •
The Conrads and the Grottmans
dwell directly opposite each other, and
despite the fact that both families are
of Teutonic birth and breeding* they
entertain an intense mutual dislike. So
long as they remained in their respec
tive domiciles the neighborhood was
not afflicted with their enmity, but
when the hot weather came and outer
balconies and stairways befeame de
sirable lounging places a storm of vi
tuperation broke and raged with the
result hereinbefore stated. As Mr. Con
rad and Mr. Grottman sat in the midst
of their respective families they hurled
epithets across the street that fairly
ultramarined the intervening atmos
phere, and to quell the blasphemous
tirades a horrified policeman arrested
the authors.
The green-eyed monster also pos
sessed Julia Alloy, a comely little ex-
Parisienne, when she accused Peter
Pastrino, also formerly of the boule
vards, of absconding with cash and
jewels belonging to her. She unblush
ingly informed Judge Cabaniss that
the property in question did not be
long to her, but was a portion of
Peter's stock in trade, he being a
huckster of gewgaws. Then the court
wrested from her an admission that
she had the man arrested and brought
back from Los Angeles simply because
she had reason to believe that a coun
try woman of hers was trying to alien
ate his affections. The Judge hinted
at perjury, but Julia ingenuously de
clared that when she swore to the
complaint she really believed she was
telling the truth.
"They do most things better in
France." wearily sighed his Honor as
he entered an order of dismissal.
Julia and Peter went forth arm in
arm.
So severely, affected with jealousy is
the brain of Charles Gale that a frac
ture of the skull failed to have any
eliminative •' effect whatever. . He
escaped from the Receiving Hospital,
where he was under treatment for
the ailment mentioned, and proceeded
to the Fourth-street bakery, in which
the object of his distorted adoration,
Miss Clara Goodman, is employed as
clerk, and there threatened to take her
life if she did not abstain from be
stowing smiles upon one Herbert Wilt.
The young woman was so badly scared
by her adorer's appearance and de
meanor that she pledged herself to
reserve all blandishments for .him
alone, and thus mollified he returned
to his cot in the hospital.
That was the story told to Judge
Mogan, before whom the aforesaid
Herbert Wilt was yesterday arraigned
for administering the blow that
knocked down the aforementioned
Charles Gale, whose skull was frac
tured by its impact with* the sidewalk.
The Judge thereupon continued the
case ' till to-day, when Gale may be
able to attend court.
Wilt and Miss Goodman were walk
ing'along Mission street last Saturday
evening, when Gale accosted the girl
and upbraided her in language that
was anything but chaste. She denied
the willful flirtations that he accused
her of, and he slapped her face. Then
her escort promptly knocked him
down and was arrested for battery.
At the hospital it is reported that
though the injury to Gale's skull is
not necessarily fatal, it has not en
hanced his clearness of mind any more
than it has subdued what seems to be
a hopeless passion.
Ah Sam's left optic was knocked out
of commission by a straight punch
from ' Charles Kirchner's ! right fist
while the twain were fellow .passen
gers on the ferry-boat Berkeley night
before last, and when Ah Sam appeared
in Judge Mo-gan's court yesterday
morning to prosecute a battery charge
against his assailant the damaged or
gan was deeply discolored and much
swollen.
"Why did he hit you?" inquired the
Judge, and "He fightee my eye" was
the only enlightenment that Ah Sam
could furnish.
The defendant said that Ah Sam and
a compatriot were about to attack him,
when he prematurely. struck out in de
fense, and that" he1r,eally did not know
why they were going to "do him up."
Decision reserved till. to-day...
• • ••
R. H. Souden, a chauffeur, took Harry
McDonald aboard his auto and gave
him a free spin through the park and
along the beach, and Harry showed
his appreciation uf the treat by pur
chasing sundry drinks for R. H. Sou
den. While thfey were imbibing in a
boulevard saloon .Harry slipped out,
hoarded the machine, grasped the lever,
turned on the power and whirled away
until the vehicle broke down. Along
came one of the owners of the crip
pled chug-chug, recc-gnized it, asked
Harrv where he got it and was can
didly informed that it had been stolen.
Grand larceny was the charge booked
against Harry.
"I said I stole the auto because I
wanted to shield Souden," was Harry's
plea before Judge Cabaniss. "I knew
he was not allowed to take fellows
riding for nothing, and I was afraid
he would lose his job if I told the
truth"
"You're telling it now, I hope," said
the Judge. •
"Indeed I am," said Harry.
"Continued till next Saturday," said
the Judge.
Judge Mogan took under advisement
the battery case of James Liapis, fruit
dealer at 254 Fourth stre.et, against
F.'.-R. Varni, employe of a commission
house at Front and Washington streets.
Some boys drove away .a horse and
wagon that were standing near Varni's
place, of employment, and Varni ac
cused Liapis of stea.'ing the team and
emphasized the accusation by punch
ing his face. The contending parties
are of flery Latin temperament and
their vehemence while testifying made
the welkin ring and impelled Bailiff
Hickey to rap for order.
• ". ¦ • , . •
Then the expressman demanded for his
services the sum of $1 50, which Mr.
Wasercork pronounced extortionate
and declined . to pay, . and an , ensuing
heated argument between the express
man and Mr. Wasejcork was abruptly
interrupted by Robert Peters striking
Mr.'.Wasercork on the face. Arrest for
battery. ...
-"Why did you butt in with your bat
tery?" Judge Cabaniss asked Robert
Peters. . : ;-. ' "
"I didn't." was the reply of Robert
Peters. "This man Wasercork struck
me because I started to .return the fur
niture to the wagon after he had re
fused to pay. the expressman." .
"Butters-in usually get the worst of
it," the Judge remarked, "and the evi
dence here shows conclusively that you
butted in. . I'll ' sentence you to-mor
row." '.-'I _-;.
Joseph King Does Knock-
Out Act at Dog Show, Wild
ly Flourishing Revolver
Ashers Faction a Winner
in the Contest Before
Election Commissioners
Alan With Fractured Skull Escapes From Hospital and Makes
Object of His Adoration Promise She Wiil Smilefor Him
Alone — Woman Commits Perjury to Recover Sweetheart
BRIAN BORU'S
MASTER FIGHTS
GREEN-EYED MONSTER PLAYS
PRANKS AND ARRESTS ENSUE
KELLY'S PARTY
KNOCKED OUT
THE SAN^FRANCISCO GALU -FRIDAYS: APRIIi; 15^ J.90C
16
WEEEE CAN TOT7 BO SO WEIL?
BEST TOMATOES 6 cans 38O
Hesperian brand; red. rip*; solid packed.
WHOLE NUTMEG3 3 dozea lOo
Lb. SOc: large as walnut* ; exactly half price.
FBEKCE CASTILE SOAP. bar 200
Genuine imported : pure white; usually 30c.
GHiaARDELLI'S COCOA. ..25c caa 20o
STUri'ED OLIVES. Ursra bottle lOo
Fine brlsht OlUes stuffed with pepperr
Doien $1.15. 20c »tz*. L A
BEST EGOS dozea 30o
Fresh dally from healthy hens. Large., select.
Regular 25c. Friday and gatnrday night.
PEESH BTJTTEB «axuur» S9o
Best creamery butter, from Mirln County.
Regular size squares. Sample it at store.
35c CO77EE .ponad 35a
Finest quality Java and Mocha, Fresh
ground or whole.
CEACKEHS and BZSCT7ZTS. .paeksff<i 3o
Fresh, cltan and crisp.
Uneeda Biscuit. Uneeda Milk Biscuit. Ken-
nedy's Oysterettes. Zu Zu Ginger Snaps.
— — — ___^_ — —^ _^ _____
; 65c ZI_77A2T_>EI. WISTE sral. 45O
Excellent type rich old wine.* Tastn It.
FRENCH SASDZZTES 3 ciuib 350
12 to 14 fish: In pure, sweet ollv<? oil. •
OLD GO VEKNMEITT WHISKEY..'bot. 75c
The best at any price." Elsewhere $1 and up.
$1.00 POST or SHEKBY WXHS..ffal. 65o
Elaen Vineyard 4-year-old wines.
Special prices to Hotels. Boarding-houses,
Summer Resorts. Clubs and all large buyers.
Freight paid 100 miles.
1001 FILLMORE ST. . 119 TAYLOR ST.
The Best Family Medicine.
The best, sorest, safest and
most reliable remedy for all
Liver, Stomach and Bowel
troubles. You will save doc-
tor's bills, sickness and suffer-
ing if you always have and use
Be^cliain's
Pills
Sold Everywhere. _ In boxes 10c and 35c ¦
*^gW DON'T RUIN
'lESS* YOUR EYES.
Are**, your, glasses soothing, and 'restful? Do*
they relieve the strain, blurring ana ....n* „;
jthe eyes? If not.' use Geo. . Mayerle's Antiseptic
Eyeglass .Wipers.' 15c: 2 for 25cG«rmaa Eye-
water makes weak eyes strong, sore eyes well.
Rests, tired .eyes. By; mail > 62c. GEO. MAT.
ERLE. German - Expert Optician. - 1071 MAR-
KET STREET. S.' F.
ADVERTISEMENTS. V _.j.^_^..._.^_^^
Special Values for
Friday and Saturday
CHILDREN'S DAYS AT MACNiN'S.
We desire to call your attention to our superb line of
exclusive "novelties in
Misses' and Small Women's
Tailor- Made Suits.
*
Sizes 14 to 18 Years.
Our assortment represents all that is newest and most
fashionable. Among this season's materials are English
and Scotch Tweeds, French Voiles, All-Wool Seeded Eta-
mines, Venetians and Fancy Mixtures in all popular
There has been a great demand for MAGNIN'S
READY-TO-WEAR TAILOR-MADE SUITS because
the styles are not seen elsewhere. Although the mate-
rial, make and finish is the very best, our prices are rea-
sonable.
SPECIAL VALUES AT
$12.50 $13.50 $18.50 Sward,
Girls' Russian
Dresses. jSJfelr
The accompanying illustration /£S$k£f&li&4!a&k
is of a little girl's Russian dress;
tailor-made effect; large tucks
and box-plaits front and back; B£S8&$£$By'
Fifth avenue tailor-stitched JjlteF'*^'^
sleeves; ping-pong collar; solid jSSK!**^'^
colors and checks, of gray, light ffiKg*Sp^4iN
blue and pink; the material is
guaranteed fast color imported tiJir^l^
Scotch gingham;' sizes 2 to . 7. |m 111 _
years. $1.50 value — Special for • jn wr^ss'
Friday and Saturday fi>l f\r\ dgLJ}&£~
only Vl.l/ll ty
Children's Sun Bonnets.
Made in our workrooms; exclusive in design and ex-
ceptionally well made; neatly trimmed with dainty pat-
terns of embroideries, Valenciennes and real Torchon
laces. «'v-
,,> V CHILDREN'S SUN BONNETS; white or colored;
25c and upward.
CHILDREN'S SHAKER BONNETS, white, 25c
and upward.
Also a complete line of Parisian Hand-embroidered
Pique Sun Bonnets and Button-on Hats.
CHILDREN'S CORDED BUTTON-ON HATS,
white and colors, «Oc and upward.
PARISIAN HAND-MADE FRENCH CAPS, 75c and
upward.
9/3 '322 AfA#X£7 *5Z"
ADVEatlSEHENTS. .. j
EXPERIENCE
In the Treatment of Humours
with More Than Magical
Effect with
CUTICURA REMEDIES.
A Remarkable Testimonial from
a Most Intelligent and
Trustworthy Lady.
«• A tnmor came on my neck and In a
<!a7 or two It as large as half an
or&oge. I was very mncb alarmed for
fear it malignant. My friends
tried to peraoade me to consult my
physician ; but dreading that he would
insist on twins the knife, I would not
consent to go. Instead, I got Catlcura
I Besolvent and Cnticnra Ointment. I
; took the former according to dlrec*
\ tlons, and spread a, thick layer of the
'¦ Ointment on tho swelling. On renew*
• ic£ it I would bathe my ceck in very
' warm water and Cut'.cura Soap. In a
few days the Cuticura Ointment had
t drawn the swelling to a head, when it
{broke. Every morning it was opened
f a large 6terilized neeOle, squeezed
tand bathed, and fresh Ointment put
I on. Pbs and blood, and a yellow,
vcbe^iT. tnmoron* matter came ont. In
f nbont" three or Jonr weeks' time this
! treatment completely eliminated the
tnmor. The soreness that had ex-
tended down into my chest was all
pone, and my neck now seems to r-a
per 'ret! j well
•' About flre or six years ago ray pIr-
t*r bad a similar experience, used the
Cuticura Remedies with magical effect.
I tic willinp you should use my testi-
moniai. with the ftirther privilege of
revealing ray name and address to Rich
persons as may wl6h to substantial*
the attove statement* by personal letter
to me." Chicago, Nov. 12. 1902.
*e>M thwerhoat th« ~ir\A. Cvtirvn K»»oWnU We.
Ob form of ChoroUl* Co«te4 TiVi*. iic i>n »i«l «f *>).
Otottemi. tnr... in»p. 3V r>P«t» i U>«<Jon. j: Chtrwr-
kr-r... *«.i r.-u. t hn. &t U T«ix: bo»t»n. 1ST Colum-
? u. at» Tcnrr Dr»» • Ch*m. Or* . »•'• rropncUtn.
V3o( far "Be* to Cbtt k »*r» H>»»ir"
\ To Be
Absolutely j
I Sure
Good
Teas
\ Coffees
i Spices
I Baking Powder
} and
I Good Things
1 to Eat
Extra Premiums
j this week
It pays
5 to trade
Great American Importing Tea Co
£61 Market -1<> Grant ave. 1419 Polk I
140 s-.Mh 1M:< Uevisadrro 705 1-arkin g
4TS Hat^ht 3oin> Klxteenth :i.V< l]^>«a H
$St& MiFEion "?i Monte' ave. .'2 Market C
3f<« Fillmore 2M6 Mission 14« Ninth ¦
<k56 Third 2732 24th 453 Fourth H
¦ >; .. ADVERTISEMENTS. : " _' _''\^^^'.^_-
I Sensational^Bargains
REMEMBER, FOR THIS WEEK ONLY
H Owing to our large manufacturing of Cloaks and Suits, as we
9 employ in our factory over .ioo people, also. having larRe contracts
Q coming daily from our branch factory in New- York, we find that we
|1 are absolutely crowded in our store -at 1 142 Market street.
I $65,000 Worth of Cloaks and Suits
I We Must Unload Them.
I] .Therefore we Rive all the benefit to-the ladies of Frisco;and;the
B surrounding towns atone-half price. It has never.-, tieen known of
n such great bargains in the beginning of the spring that we can only,
9 mention a few here. v. . _•
11 JUST THINK OF IT. a NEW SPRING SUIT, made up; in the
|j last forty days, regular, price; in New York would be
H $27.50; we will place them for this week only at. ...'. — V"V* **
i VERY GENTEEL SPRING SUITS, all sizes;' regular/ price in
$3 .New York. $35^00; we will place them this week only :CM7 ; Kfl "
H ;; Our large .variety of .^006 SKIRTS and tremendous line of 2000:;
W JACKETS^in Covert, Silk, Pongee" andj White , Crepe and 800-
H CHILDREN'S COATS - all will be placed on the same reduction.
fl We must make room and we need Tmoiney.. . , . . ¦ ' !¦ ¦
P ]^^F^~- \. Manufacturer! '-',.
1 1^^ H 42- 11 46 Market St. ¦_
. . .. ADVERTISEMENTS. ;; v
flr Genuine Kona, 17c, pound, m
EPJ^gl 6 pounds SI.OD. §!&ro
HI Special Mocha and Java, 25g. pound, rfj
|W% 5 pounds SI. 00. ||gj
!Swl * ===== Igii
JU Kona Koffee Kompany H
fS9/-''.145 Stockton Street, Nsar G',ary, o an r rann j c «n Hi
llijl Oppose City of Paris Ory Goods Co. oSfl f rdflGISGO | I