VOLUME XCV— NO. 145.
SAN FRANCISCO, S/lTURDAYyy APRIL' 23/1904.
BRACKETT'S FATE DEPENDS
ON MAYOR SCHMITZ'S DECISION
TO BE HANDED DO WN TO-DAY
SCENE IN- THE MAYOR'S; OFFICE
YESTERDAY 'DURING HEARING
OF BRACKETT CHARGES.
War "News Cotlnucd onivPage 2.
Isthmus have • been arranged for . and
secured to the United States." The prop
erty, will shortly be delivered on the
isthmus, and . upon that being done the
purchase price will be /• immediately
paid. Th6 full i extent of the j principal
documents will be made public'.to
morrow nlcht. The United States gets
an unlncumbered title." .
BERLIN, April 22.— The Reichstag
voted $100,000 for the assistance of the
German settlers in German Southwest
Africa. who have suffered through, the
Herero uprising. - . .
5Ionc>' for German . Settlers.
TERRIFIED SPECTATORS '
FLEE FROM GORY SIGHT
Two Vicious Animals Disembowel Four
Matadors; at Bullfight in V
-;»Iadrid,: Spaing :;ji
MADRID." 'April i 22.^-Duiirig an . ex
traordinary.^buli; v flght>; yesterday -two
bulls; dlsemboweleoV f our \ fighters, mbr
taHy injuHng^them^The.bull fight-was
suspended and the • spectators, ; terrified;
fled.: \ ' : : ...,,-"v ; ;^.>V;V. ••'.:' ¦¦?.;:; ;.':-r;^
Special Cable to The- Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1004. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company. ! ¦-.-"*: }>*>•;
BERLIN. April 22.— The Koelnische
Zeitung to-day asserts that an Ameri
can missionary, -whose name; is not ob
tainable, has been murdered' near
Urumiah in .Northwestern 'Persia.' The
crime ' is reported , to have ; been perpe
trated by a" Persian ; Moslem, the
reason being, religious, fanaticism. -
"The American Minister at Teheran,"
adds the , Zeltung,\ '(has demanded . tHe
arrest and punishment -of ¦ ;the';,mur
derer,, tiut. the Persian authorities- re
fuse ; to take .any : steps : in the matter,
having learned that '.the .accused is a
privileged Sejid; or descendant of. the
Prophet. : ¦' •'¦"''•-; . V . : ,
' '"The ' '; missionary's '. Syrian servant
also was murdered." \/\
Missionary and Ser
vant' Murdered
mPppCJQ a
WASHINGTON, April 22.— The Unit
ed States Government has had no offi
cial ; information of the : sales, persist
ently . reported ; from Europe, of Ameri
can ships to", either, Russia or, Japan.
One thing is quite certain— that no ves
sel under the American flag could )' be
allowed to pass directly into the posses
sion of either, belligerent state. This
is said 1 to ; be ' true of .*. merchant ships
as ' well J as war. vessels, as" the former
might "easily^ be, transformed into, cruis
ers or used as troop transports. .
Ships 'Flying Starry Banner Cannot
Be Sold to Belligerents.
FLAG PREVENTS SALE.
Washington Authorities Disagree Over
Russian Decree Forbidding Its Use.
WASHINGTON, April 22.— There are
signs of a difference of opinion between
the civil and military branches of the
Government respecting the Russian de
cree against the 'use of wireless teleg
raphy by newspaper correspondents.
The disposition of the service branches
is distinctly in favor- of Government
control, which makes v toward the sup
port of the Russian position. It is even
argued that no civilian should be al
lowed to erect a wireless mast wlthcrut
executive permission, because its use
might interfere with that of some mili
tary mast. \ While the State Depart
ment-opinion is not crystallized, it Is
known that the department, is diposed
to move cautiously in laying any
sweeping prohibitions on private enter
prise, either newspaper or commercial.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY.
LAKEVIEW, Or., 'April 22i— The body
of Creed Conn, the Silver Lake mer
chant who had . been missing since
March 4, was found yesterday morning
In a field one mile .from Silver Lake,
where a shot was heard on the morning
he disappeared. The body was badly
decomposed and bore a -gunshot wound.
Conn was last at his store at. Silver
Lake about 7 o'clock" on the -morning
of his disappearance. After av short
conversation with* his clerk, Frank
Payne, he went out and was' seen walk
ing up the road. Conn did not return
that day to the store nor. next day, and
Payne notified the - missing man's
brothers at Silver Lake and at Lake
view. Parties were sent out to scour
the country in every direction.
Almost every citizen of t Silver Lake
engaged in the hunt for the missing
man. The river near that place was
dragged. '.' ",
Conn was a man of sterling qualities,
attending to his business strictly, and
was. held in the highest esteem by
every one.
Epecia.: Dispatch to The Call,
Gunshot Wound Tells
the Fate of an
• Oregonian.
AMERICAN
THE VICTIM
OF MOSLEM
Special Dispatch to The Can.
NACO, Ariz., April 22.— Billy Stiles
and Bravo Juan have joined forces.
The two outlaws met somewhere In the
San Jo?e Mountains of Sonora and
from there rode into Naco last night,
where they raided the supply store of
the Southwestern Commercial and Im
porting Company on the. Mexican side
of the line. The bandits secured $1200
in money from the. cash register and
other valuables and' succeeded in mak
ing .way .with the booty before they
were discovered by the officers.
[¦ The' stores entered are located near
the' line and in the center of the Mexi
can town, and such a thing as a rob
bery there' was never feared. Stiles is
familiar with Naco and aware of this
fact. He' knew that only a- bold at
tempt such, as this. could ever succeed.
Accordingly the outlaws rode- right
into town, tied their horses and effect
ed, an -entrance Into the stores ¦* by a
back door.-'. They -were discovered just
as. they were making for their horses
by. two Mexicans, who gave the alarm.
.- Rangers Stamford and Hopkins im
mediately responded and took the trail
of the outlaws, , which they were still
following when last heard from, while
a second party went out at sunrise. The
outlaws went southeast into the San
Jose Mountains.
: This was the first seen' of • Bravo
Juan' In three years, although the
officers have ' f or ; a - long time believed
that he -was in the country, having re
turned from theJ interior of Mexico.
Stiles and ; Juan are old partners and a
worse 1 pair than Stiles and Alvord.
,' S. i M. 'Aguirre, proprietor of the loot
ed scores, ; has. offered a handsome re
ward for the' capture of the robbers.
LOSSES: FOLLOW VENTURE'
OF, J. PIERPONT "". MORGAN
Report of N British. . Steamship 'Line
Shows Reserve Fund Has Been t
'¦¦'-': : Reduced. - v .''<• . ; : '''
LIVERPOOL, April 22. — Frederick
Leylarid / & A Co^ \ (Limited), / the ; first
British line purchased by ' J.v'Pierpont
Morgan, when . . forming • the ; shipping
combine, issued a report to-day. for the
thirteen 'months ending ; with : Decem-^
ber. The. directors say that even. after
drawing ' $1,347,500. frorii , the J reserve, i- it
is only possible to pay the '-. preferred
dividend for six -months. This with
drawal reduces the reserve to $325|000.
The directors- attribute ..thls.Tresult^to
the epidemic of foot and mouth disease
In New England .: last;f year,' stopping
shipments- of livestock therefrom, and
to the Inadequacy of 'Atlantic freights.'
AUSTRALIAN, FEDERAL
j; MINISTRY: HAS RESIGNED'
Government Officers Take.' Umbrage "at
Their'befeat in Fight 'over Labor .
' Legislation^'. , „ . ,';':
MELBOURNE, ".ApriK 22.--The
eral 'Ministry.". : -',. has-^resigned. . The
resignation Vof; the .Fe'derai '•.Government
was « due >to ¦ its ,"def eat j in* the .; House fof
Representatives ;. yesterday < on '" a ; labor
p"artyj amendment fmakipg the ; bill .; pro-^
vidlngr for; the"; arbitration \ of Jabor. dis-^
putes applicable:, to .Sta^^employes. ' . ¦
;;^ENNA;^- April < .22^-Dlsgraceful
scenescausedsbythe obstruction of .the
Czechs aridjSocialistsltbokplaceiri'thX
Relchsrath"\tbVday. I Thesitting.had'to
be^ suspended; v . .¦- .'..-'';\t}
Austrian - Law-makers } at } Outs.
TRIGGER TWICE PRESSED
' ". ¦¦' FAILS ITS PURPOSE
Two . Cartridges Intended to Kill Aro
Harmless and Two Shots
Miss Mark.
* ; RENO. Nev., . April 22.— That \ a lucky
star is guiding the destinies of Francis
Frey, ¦ a prominent business man of
Genoa, was Illustrated to-night when
Frank Palmer, a bartender in the
Dewey saloon, shoved a wicked-looking
revolver ''¦ Into Frey's face and, with
murderous intent, '- pulled the 'trigger
twice, each time the cartridge failing to
explode. "When 'Frey recovered from
his fright he made for the door. J. As he
did so Palmer fired two shots* but both
missed their mark. A crowd soon gath
ered at the saloon and Palmer, was dis
armed. > The shooting, so 'far as can be
learned, was. unprovoked. , Palmer ad
mits f attempting to ' kill Frey, arid It is
probable 1 that he will . beTprosecuted.
£ The fate of .George F. ; Brackett, chief
surgeon of 'the /-San. Francisco • Emer
gency Hospitals, hangs " in ' the balance,
and some' time, to-day ;-_ he will know
whether, his official -head is to 'be sev
ered by. Mayor. Schmitz or whether -he
will retain his star and municipal po
eition. ' . . .
-Yesterday. # an investigation, was held
by the^city's executive as _ a result of
the charges preferred against Dr.
: Brackett . by- a". Coroner's "jury for ; ac
cepting ajfee for? services rendered "in
his official capacity. *
r Many, witnesses were examined^ yes
terday. , arid contradictory testimony
given.* The result' of the v matter, can be
foreshadowed by the * statement of
Mayor Schmitz,*. who said at the close
of the case: . • ¦ . ' * •
; "I -will. decide what I will do to-mor
row, -but * I .-will j say '.'• right -^ now it
is -. wrong ;to'; collect 'a fee for^ services
in an emergency hospital, t It ¦ is not in
keeping with -the rules of'the..institu
tions '• and V cannot ' be "tolerated." .'Fur
thermore^ the matter of withholding an
inquest; for two; months is a matter for
'the' Grand "Jury,. to investigate.", ' :-.'..
¦;=Dr.' Brackett -"was the - first witness
called." As he raised his hand to take
the: ./oath ", administered''*'; by v^Maybr
Schmiti ' his ' face was' ashen "'pale ¦ and
his. fingers twitched; convulsively. /f As
the ¦ city's chief * executive stated the
cause-! of /his being (summoned the ac
cused man •-¦ glanced nervously I around
the : room ; and seemed J to j take courage
from ¦ the fact j that.: Leon \ Samuels , was
at'-his'.side as his legal
In > reply 'to : a ; query; as ; to whether; he
desired* to any, statement'- 1 ; Dr."
Brackett .replied ; by/ going ; into the .de
tails of :how .Ames • had /been - 1 . brought
into the hospital Saturday, afternoon of
February; 13,". and the '- nature; of his in
juries;- how :he . later;' proceeded to -his
home and ., there f found a * message pur
portirig>tb 'be* from,; if. JFleishhacker, ; a
member;; of ,the ; firm ; for \ whom > the " in-
Jured manjnad'worked^Brackett called
up ;theVnuniber,\arid* when' asked .what
condition, Ames , was -• in,* informed f the
'person ! a t\ the (other * end '« of j the -'phone
that \ he . believed /amputation \ would t be
necessary.V Fleishha'cker vtbloT:' him not
to ' do ; any thing - until t he » (Fleishhacker)
had ; -\ consulted ' J av» surgeon j'^ himself .
Brackett*; Inf ormVdi Flelshhackef/that
-hei.would -not discuss the jcale over.' the
telephone; jbut .that if-any'other-physi
cian 5 ,was . .to > be brought f into^tlie * case
it^,would^have i to ; be '; as/consultant;
that"i Fleishhacker ; stated "< he \ wasV.too
busy, to . visit jBrackett's house; or Tofflce
Continued-*' on ' Page 3,' Column* 2.
Budapest , Strike Still On.
./BUDAPEST, .Hungary,; April ~ 22.-*,'
The : railroad* strikers- are now, showing
little,' disposition'. to return " to r *.wqrk
unless •tlieir.demands for increased pay.
are < - conceded. .--.* Premier V Tisza ? an-'
nbunced in the., Diet to-day that as a
'result "1'of <the •" conferences^* there -, ap
peared : little prospect of a settlement. ;
As a matter of fact, however, when
the meeting takes place President Bo
will 'announce that the sale has been
completed, and instead of asking for
authority to execute a future contract
it will only remain to ratiry the con
tract of sale which the officers of the
company have already formally com
pleted. t)nly a few cf the highest offi
cers of the company are now aware of
the secret, which will not be known
except .by this announcement in the
United States, up to the time of the
meeting. It is confidently believed that
the completion of the sale before the
meeting will increase the vote for rati
fication, as it. frill be recognized that
nothing more remains but to acquiesce.
When W. A. Day and Charles W.
Russell, United States Assistant At
torneys General, who are in Paris to
assist In the transfer of the property,
were seen to-night by the Associated
Press they reluctantly admitted that
the transfer had been consummated,
and furnished the following official
statement in writing:
• "The papers transferring the rights
and property by the new Panama
Canal Company to the United States
have already been executed and deliv
ered. They .will be ratified to-morrow
afternoon by the stockholders' meeting;
The agreement Includes a general con
veyance and provisions for deeds and
resignation" in the republic of Panama
and in ¦ the* canal zone now under the
Jurisdiction of the United States, in
which- zone 'the civil law continues in
force by reason of the cession of the
ion* from a civil law sovereignty. 'AH
formalities , "of the local law ; on' the
PARIS, April 22.— The document by
which this transaction is consummated
bears the signatures of President Bo
and Director Richan of the Panama
Canal Company, who signed for the
company as its responsible officials.
The transfer is complete and without
reservation, and the United States se
cures a perfect title. This result has
been quietly accomplished and unex
pectedly^ as the public nao been given
to understand that the contract would
not be executed. until, oner the meet-
In* of the stockholders of the Panama
Canal Company, at which the question
of ratification would be presented- ,•;,'•
PARIS, April 22.— The Associated
Press is authorized to announce that
the contract by which the Panama
canal passes to the United States is
signed and sealed. The title to the
canal is now vested in the United
FIND BODY
OF MISSING
MERCHANT
being to outflank the Russion position
on the right of the Yalu.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 22.— An of
ficial telegram says Russian scouting
parties repbrt that the Japanese are
concentrated in considerable force at
and around Wiju. Shots were ex
changed south of the river Pomaku.
where a Russian detachment of two
officers and thirty-eight men lost their
lives and two officers and thirteen men
were wounded. The Russian force re
gained the Russian side of the river
under the protection of tvfo guns.-
SEOUL, Korea, April 22, 6 p. m.— A
special messenger from Gensan brings
additional details of the recent Russian
attack on Song Jin, in Northeastern
Korea. The messenger reports that the
Russians burned the Japanese Consul
ate and the Korean customs godown
(warehouse), rifled the telegraph office,
and finally, it is supposed, retired to
the northward. The presence of a Jap
anese squadron along the east coast of
Korea will, it is thought, effectually
stop all future Russian marauding ex
peditions. . '
Document Giving Us
Title Is Signed
and Sealed.
Charge : of Accept
ing Illegal Fee
: Is Heard.
JAPANESE COMMANDER WHO WILL LEAD THE MIKADO'S TROOPS IN' THE
. FIRST IMPORTANT ENCOUNTER WITH THE CZAR'S FORCES AND RUS
SIAN IN CHARGE OF MUSCOVITE DETACHMENT OF THE RED CROSS.
"She withdrew bonds and stocks ;val-.
ued at $50,000, "and 'I paid her $20,000
cash, making a total of $336,300 she has
received; ; ..-¦*'••':'• ''¦>•' v ' '¦ ' '"- ¦"• •¦'
"Thus according to my figures my.
wife received from me $61,300 more than
she paid into my hands. These figure's
effectually disprove .;• the insinuations
that I was 'mere husband of a prima
donna.' " •; ¦ ' i * :*"-\ .
NEW YORK, April 22.— Herr Zoltan
Doeme, the divorced . husband of Mme.
LUlian Nordica, to-day issued a" state
ment denying the allegations that he
had .been wasteful of the v money* in
trusted to him by the diva.
"It is true," said he, "I have received
$272,000 as representing my. wife's earn
ings, but since my marriage,' as shown'
by. receipts, checks^ and other vouchers,'
I have paid my wife or for her account
the following sums: Living expenses,
including; hotels and .traveling "ex
penses '' sundry accounts, 'eight
years, ¦ $140,000;. dressmakers'/, bills . in
Paris, including' costumes. $30,000; 'sala
ries and allowances to dependents, ..$20,
300; Jewelry, $40,000; life insurance ' (en
dowment); $30,000; lawyers' bills and
settlements, with managers for. cancel
ing contracts.- $6000; total,' $266,300. 'I., >
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CANAL NOW
STANDS IN
OUR NAME
Fofm| BusMnd of
Wi Issues #
Statement.
Desperadoes in Ari
zona Raid" Sup
ply Store.
NORDICA'S
BILLS CAUSE
DISPLEASURE
OUTLAWS
LOOT THE
COIN BOX
PARIS, April 22.— Fears are enter
tained in Government circles that an
attempt to take the life of President
Loubet may be made during his jour
ney to 'Italy. The police have received
secret instructions to provide a strong
guard for the train, and no loophole
through which an assassin might oper
ate will be left open.
Marseilles promises to resemble an
armed camp when the Presidential
train passes through. It is confidently
stated that not alsingle anarchist will
go free there. Every mile of track be
tween Paris and the Mediterranean will
be subjected to close scrutiny before
the train passes. ".
The Roman populace is reported to
be enthusiastic, but the Parisian pub
lic takes little more interest in , the
event than It does when "Pere Loubet"
goes off with his pipe and gun and dog
for a few days of pheasant shooting at
Compiegne. : : y\ . : - '. ¦
"President Loubet's . visit to ,' Italy; is
at least as important \ as | any .^recent
interchange of visits between European
sovereigns," said an official. of the Pres
ident's " householtT to-day.*" "Thfe-'Presi
dent," he continued, "has 'taken' a pe
culiar interest . in the . recent rapproche^
ment of the Latin nations of- Europe.
It may be said that he 'personally pre
pared both a new, economic "entente be
tween France and Italy and ] also the
political friendship which followed it
bonds which it would have seemed im
possible to forge a* decade ago. The
result of Loubet's jvisit will be formally
to consecrate this understanding, which
is full of meaning. to the peace of Eu
rope.
' "President Loubet is heart and, hand
with King Edward, whose whole policy
since he came "to the throne has been
to weave such a complicated inner web
of international friendships that the
more formal political alliances will be
unable to disturb them unless on occa
sions of worldwide importance. The
President is one of the main support
ers of the new belief that; European
differences can be settled by common
sense rather than by threats. King
Edward," President Loubet and the
Czar have done more , in a few years
than professional peace advocates did
in two centuries." . • . .
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1904. by- the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Visit Intended . to -Cement the Cordial
Relations Between the Republic
and the Qoirinal.
.LONDON, April 23. — Rumors of fight
ing on the Yalu River are repeated in
various forms and from various points.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Post says he heard' that the first Japa
nese army had crossed the Yalu almost
without opposition, and the Chronicle's
correspondent at Seoul says that heavy
fighting: has' occurred, but that for
strategic reasons it is impossible to
send particulars..
No authentic news, however, has
reached London showing . that any
thing has happened beyond skirmish-
Ing^ £&¦*£
According to the Telegraph's St.
Petersburg correspondent the Russian
strategists are reluctantly arriving at
the conclusion that Kuroki is engaged
in the adventurous plan of advancing
along the middle reaches of the Yalu
River via Kangge, and despite enor
mous difficulties is moving his army
over the mountain passes, his purpose
Journey of Executive to tlie
Italian Capital Is /
Officers and Scouts
Lose Their Lives
in Conflict i
In Big Force for
Battle.
Japanese Gathering
Guards Are Ordered
' to Protect Life
ol Loufeet.
PRESIDENT
OF FRANCE
IN DANGER
ROAR OF THE HOSTILE GUNS
OF TWO BATTLING ARMIES
HEARD ON BANKS OF YALU
Torec&it maGe at Baa Fran
cisco for thirty hoars endimr
.miOniffht. April 33:
San Francisco and vicinity-
Fair Saturday; fresh to brick
nortlivcat Triad.
a. k. wzx^soxr.
Local Forecaster,
Temporarily in chaxsre.
>- Alcazar — J'Tlia r risky Mr«.
;- •^JohAson.";.'' •-. .</ " •
- California— "Tna Greatest Thlar
In theWorldb*^
Central— "The White Sauadron."
Chutes— ¦Vaudeville.
Cclumtl* — "StULainsr for Office."
- Tlath.«r'm-^~"Oliovr Chow.**
Orand — "Koity Toity."
Maiestio— "The Crlsla."
| Orphexim — Yandeville.
I Tivoli— "The Besrsrar Student."
Matineei at All Theaters To-Day.
TKSl THEATXBS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.ST. PETERSBURG, April 22.— The
wife of General Strandman. who lived
In-, a nandsome house adjoining the
Winter Palace, was murdered i to-day;
She was found in her room with her
head chopped ¦ open with . an ax.' r » . A
vajet was also murdered. The motive
was robbery. Thousands of rubles
in bonds and securities were taken by
the murderers. ' ¦"."' --
St. Petersburg Scene of Brutal Crime
of Which Mrs. Strandnuin
Is Victim.
SLAV. GENERAL'S WIFE
IS FOUND MURDERED
. SANTA CRUZ, April 22.~Zacha Bar
net, for * more than twenty years city
editor of the . Sentinel ¦ and ; well j known
in newspaper circles ; all over the : State,
died /about -12 o'clock last: night. > : He
was out/' as on Tuesday,; but on
that day "he was taken ill -and sank
rapidly." ". %'
"Besides, being city editor of the Sen
tinel, i Barhett ; : was '. representative of
many .: other/ papers. ¦ He- was '-; born Un
San Francisco, -but the 'greater part 'of
his life '¦ has • been" spent ; In * this city,
.where his father^ was for many, years a
leading merchant.,. He leaves four fsis
ters—Mrs:^ M." Flelsher ¦ of Santa \ Maria
and \ Misses ;Emma,' Bertha j and t Grace
Barnett '] of - : SanX Franciscorfand :: . two
brothers,}; Emmanuel I 5 Barnett v of *New
York" City arid Herman Bajriett "of San
ta. Cruz. :}The r funeral will be held on
SundayTa* ternobxu' v V
Prominent Newspaper Man Dies.
fifty acres near Cupertino, where he
has since resided.
Captain Merlthew has been one of
the most prominent men In the county
for years. A wife and three grown
children survive him.
Governor Grosvenor said that no man
on the stump ever made a better im
pression on the country than did Mr.
Roosevelt in the campaign of 1900. His
dignified manner of presiding over the
Senate and his modesty with Senators
was commendable. Then came the cri
sis of hia life, the death of President
McKinley.
"And then it was," said Grosvenor,
"that the tears of the Democrats be
gan to flow." The statement of Roose
velt at the bier of McKinley that he
would carry, out the policies of Mc-
Kinley eaved untold • money losses In
this country. I stand here to-day a
friend of McKinley. and I say that
there is not one of McKinley's friends
willlngHo say that he has not al
ways been treated [ with kindness and
consideration by Theodore Roosevelt.
Do you think you can read and garble
newspaper extracts and discredit Mc-
Kinley and Roosevelt? _Jf you think bo
you will find when the campaign is
over that you have been casting your
arrows up the tree where the bird was
cot roosting/ JfiB|
Replying, General Grosvenor said
that it was unimportant what he had
written four years ago. He (Grosv
enor) four years ago was an opponent
of the nomination of Roosevelt- And
at that time he wrote a popular opin
ion of Mr. "Roosevelt which was print
ed all over the country. In this he
made perfectly plain the sentiment at
that time. i
"And if the gentleman thinks he can
make me apologize for. that statement
he has got hold of the wrong man."
added Grosvenor. Mr. Roosevelt had
written of hire (Grosvenor) what he
had a right to say. Kitchen was only
thrashing over old straw.
"I never said he was distasteful to
me as a candidate," 'said Grosvenor.
"Mr. Roosevelt was put on the. ticket
with Mr. McKinley, but it was McKin
ley who got all the abuse."
GROSVENOR REPLIES
that any man who had such profound
contempt for the legislative branch of
the Government was unfit to be its
executive head and was a dangerous
person.
RENO, April 22.— Wadsworth, one of
the oldest towns in Nevada and for
many years the division point of the
Southern Pacific Company, is soon to
be deserted.: The first move of dis
mantling what was once, one of the
liveliest places In the State started to
day. The town is to be literally moved
to Sparks City, the new division town
of the railroad, adjoining Reno. Hand
some homes, many of them costing as
much as $10,000, are being^torn to the
ground and will be loaded on fla tears
and transported free of charge by the
company to Sparks! The : first house
arrived ; at thie new town to-day. One
contractor has : contracts to onove thir
ty-five houses. Others have contract*
to move all the way, from one to twenty
and It will_ not be, long before Wads
worth is but a 'shadow, of . its former
self. The compan^, it is understood,
will change Its divlsic-ri\to Sparks some
time during the next: four weeks.
Captain Murat has been a resident
of Pasadena for the last sixteen years.
Owing to religious, political and family
differences he left France forty years
ago, leaving his identity, title and
prospects of a brilliant military career
behind that he might strike out anew
In this country. He made his way. In
various cities of the country for many
years, under a different name. Some
time after coming to Pasadena his
Identity was revealed, and he resumed
the name of Murat, taking only the
title of captain, which was bestowed
on him for his daring courage in, the
Crimean war. Four years ago, June
23, he was quietly married to Miss Ju
liet Scheltima. a member of one of
Pasadena's oldest and most prominent
families.
PASADENA, April 22.— Captain Carlo
August Frederick Henri Murat, grand
son of Marshal Murat, Prince of Na
ples, died at his home in this city to
day of pneumonia.
Captain Murat . is survived bv his
wife, Juliet Scheltima Murat, and a
sister, the Princess of Naples. His
wife«is a daughter of Captain and Mrs.
Julius Scheltima of this city.
Deceased was , a - member of the
Druids, Foresters of.' America and
Woodmen of the World.- 'He -was a
favorite in amateur theatricals : and a
clever monologlst. .
A severe cold contracted in July, 1903,
developed Into lung, trouble, .but de
ceased was able': to attend t to | his j prac
tice until two months ago. His widow
survives him. . •
Edwin M. Sweeney, for many years
one of the most popular young attor
neys of this city, died at his residence,
389 Oak street, last,night alter a long
illness. Deceased was a native of this
city,'! aged 29 years and 11 months. He
was educated in the public schools,
and bore the proud distinction of hav
ing been the first pupil' of the Golden
Gate Kindergarten Association. * After
graduating frbm the High School, he
entered Hastings Law College, and
was admitted to the bar on October 13,
1S94. In the office of Spencer & Mc-
Enerney Sweeney completed his studies
and rapidly rose in his profession-un
til ha was regarded as one' of the ablest
criminal* lawyers In the city. ,
Upon the death; of Police Judge
Campbell he was elected for the unex
ptred term, but through • a technicality
only hold the office for three days.
Last year he received one of the nom
inations for Police Judge on the Re
publican ticket, but was defeated.
MURAT YIELDS
TO PNEUMONIA
ENTIRE TOWN
TO BE MOVED
E.M.SWEENEY,
THE ATTORNEY,
PASSES AWAY
SHANGHAI, April 22.— A Japanese
fleet consisting of twelve vessels was
sighted thirty miles southwest of Clif
ford Island yesterday. • It showed no
lights and was steaming slowly to the
north.
Twelve Vessels Flying Mikado's Flag
Sighted Off Clifford Lsland.
JAPANESE FLEET SAILS.
New Yorkers Offer Loan.
MOSCOW, April 22.— New York capi
talists have offered this city a loan
to be issued at 93.
LIAOYANG, April 22.— Satisfaction
Is felt by the Chinese who are friendly
to Russia because of the firm policy of
'General Kuropatkin. At the time of
[ his arrival General Kuropatkin in
formed a Chinese deputation which
waited upon him and asked for pro
tection that he would | accord It - pro
vided absolute obedience was shown to
his orders by the | Chinese authorities
I and people. In .order that no doubt
may exist regarding the matter, | Gen
\ eral Kuropatkin has repeated this
(-statement. " : :'.#
Pleased nt the Stand Taken by Gen
. eral Kuropatkin.
CHINESE SATISFIED.
"A/series of reconnoissances carried
out on the Yalu River has shown that
the Japanese are concentrating in con
siderable force. It is believed that they
have about one division to the north
of Wiju. They are also beginning to
concentrate troops in Wiju, from which
they have moved the Koreans.
"Information has reached me -that
quantities of material, apparently parts
of pontoon .bridges, are collected oppo
site the island of Mabikhe. . : . -\
"Our scouts have killed two Japanese
scouts, one of whom appeared to be an
officer. On our right flank our scouts
executed daring reconnoissances extend
ing over several days, on- the left bank
of the Yalu, as the result of which it
has been ascertained that there are
only a few troops south of the river
Pomakua, but that «the Japanese there
are occupied in preparing boats. A Rus
sian detachment of two officers and
thirty-two men. proceeded thither in
three boats. The detachment, however,
was discovered by the enemy and shots
were exchanged, three of our riflemen
being killed. Staff Captain Smeizln
and eleven riflemen were severely
wounded and Lieutenant Pushkin and
four men were slightly wounded. The
detachment returned to our bank of
ST. PETERSBURG, April 22.— The
following telegram from Viceroy Alex
ieff has been received by the Czar:
RUSSIAN ERRORS COSTLY.
Officer and Twenty Men . Are Killed
While Placing Mines.
ST." PETERSBURG, April 22. — A
correspondent called the attention of
the Foreign Office to the telegram of
the Harbin correspondent of . the
Frankfurter Zeitung, published in the
United States, to the effect that four
unarmed American citizens were held
as Japanese spies at Mukden; that an
American named Reilley and a Canadi
an named Davidson had mysteriously
disappeared from Mukden under cir
cumstances such that they raised sus
picion of foul play. The Foreign Office
replied that they had no information
whatever on the subject, and do not
believe that the -statement can be true,
since any action affecting foreigners
would be immediately reported. It is
their belief that the statement is un
founded.
Russian Forcingn Office Says Pub
lished Story Is Unfounded.
NO AMERICANS ARRESTED.
RUSSIA TO BUY WARSHIPS.
Completes Formalities of Purchase^of
Three Argentine Vessels.
PARIS, April22.— A dispatch to the
Temps from St. Petersburg says the
formalities of the purchase of three Ar
gentine warships of the type of the
Garibaldi, constructed at Genoa, ap
pear to be settled.
The European Economist says that
Russia is negotiating with the princi
pal French banks for a loan of $150,
000,000 of 5 per cent four-year treasury
bonds, to be placed at 93. The .state
ment is not verified and appears based
on yesterday's St. Petersburg reports,
indicating that the Russian Govern
ment might resort to short term loans.
The 'correspondent of the Temps at
St. Petersburg says: a, -^.
"The report that Viceroy Alexieff has
asked for his recall is confirmed, but
it is not yet known "whether the Em
peror will accept his resignation."
The Temps in its financial article
says:
"The strong advance in Russian se
curities to-day leads to the belief that
a definite conclusion has been reached
concerning a Russian loan. , However,
we are able to say that nothing has
yet been signed and that, according to
the information of one of the leading
banks, nothing has even been finally
agreed upon."
LIKE EDWARD'S ATTITUDE.
Russian Paper Expresses Pleasure at
Prospect of English Mediation.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 22.— The
Novosti expresses delight at the re
port that King j Edward is seeking to
mediate, and finds in the fact that the
Japanese ally ventures to broach the
subject when Russia Is thirsting : to
avenge her defeats conclusive evidence
of the sympathy of the European pow
ers; which realize the menace of a Jap
anese victory. The' paper regards the
idea of British mediation as convincing
proof of the possible necessity of An
glo-Russian understanding, adding:
"The\ friendly mediation of Great
Britain for an adjustment of the
Russo-Japanese conflict when the prop
er time arrives "will undoubtedly render
double service to Great Britain as well
as to Russia." C yV£
DESCRIBES GREAT DISASTER.
Survivor of Petropavlovsk Says Four
Explosions Wrecked the Vessel.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 22.—Lieu
tenant Jenls, One. of the survivors of
the Petropavlovsk disaster, in a tele
gram to his mother says:
"I was In the wardroom when the ex
plosion occurred. There were alto
gether four explosions. The battleship
sank In a minute and a half. I escaped
without a scratch and am now on
shore, in charge' of the battery at the
electric searchlight plant under Lieu
tenant General Stoessel."
Vice Admiral Skrydloff goes to Se
bastopol next week arid thence to Port
A-rthur. ,.;.¦'.
Two Companions in Crime
Calmly Meet Death, Dy
ing:- With Prayers on Lips*
ROSE PAYS*FOR CRIME.
CHICAGO, April 22.— Atheist to the
last, but seemingly unrrerrrd complete
ly, Peter Neldermeler, leader of the
car barn bandits, was hanged to-day
from a chair, contrasting with his com
panions in crime, Gust&v Marx and
Harvey Vandine, who, standing erect,
kissed an Image of Christ and died
without a tremor. The three execu
tions were separate, twenty minutes
apart, the same scaffold being used for
all. Neldermeier had coasted contin
uously of his courage, but as the last
moments approached he collapsed and
was unable to take three consecutive
steps of a march. to the gallows. - Dr.
F. W. McNamara, jail physician, had
visited Neidermcler previously and said
that his physical condition was satis
factory. The bandit leader himself told
Chief Deputy Sheriff Peters, who ap
peared with the death warrant, that
the last walk would be without aid.
Deputy Peters. then read the document
and , Niedermeler started from his cell.
He had gone only two steps, when he
sank, and it was found necessary to
lift him to the scaffold. No preacher or
priest accompanied Neldermeler. he
having finally said, when offered a last
opportunity when leaving his cell, that
he would die as he had lived, an atheist.
On the scaffold Jailer Whitman dis
regarded the custom of asking whether
the condemned men wished to say any
thing. The hood was quickly adjusted.
The bandit, moving his head so that
the rope might more easily be ar
ranged, took a last glance at the spec
tators. He appeared as if in a stupor.
A moment later, at 10:25 o'clock, the
trap fell.
When the body of Neidermeier had
been removed Marx walked slowly to
the scaffold with several priests, after
having* confessed, repented and re
ceived the last sacraments, as did Van
dine, both having been converted to
the Roman Catholic faith.
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah, April 22.—
Frank Rose, who murdered his wife
on last Christmas day, was .shot to
death in the yard of the Statu Peni
tentiary here at 10:19 this morning.
Rose was strapped in the same little
wooden chair in which Peter Morten
sen met his death a few months ago.
Five prison guards, concealed behind
a heavy blue curtain in the doorway
of the biacksmith shop across , the
area, formed the executing squad. One
of the rifles held a blank cartridge.
Rose went to his death with the same
coolness that has marked his conduct
since he surrendered to the police.
Death was Instantanous, the four bul
lets lodging in or very close to hi3
heart. ; :. '
Rose's crime was Decullarly atro
cious and cold-blooded in that it al
most resulted in the death of his two
year-old son from starvation and cold.
Rose, who claimed his wife was con- .
sorting with other men, shot her oxiM
Christmas day, while she was lying in
bed. He sat and talked with her until
she died from the wound and then
went away. leaving his boy in bed
with his dead mother and soaked in
her blood. Rose says he returned four
times in the next two days to feed
the child, climbing through a window
and over the dead body of his wife In
order to get into the house. At the
end of "that time he went to police
headquarters and gave himself up,
stating that he had shot his wife. He
never expressed regret for his deed
and asserted a firm befief that it was
all predestined.
Rose said that in 1892 he- was a
member of the Dalton gang in Okla
homa for a time and took part in the
robbery and murder of a number of
"boomers." After leaving the Daltons
he continued his operations as a mem
ber of the Starr gang. Rose said he
served two years in the State Prison
at Jefferson City, 'Mo., for larceny
and embezzlement.
FIND MAPS ON SUSPECTS.
Plans of Famous Ports Discovered on
Japanese Arrested in Russia.
ARCHANGEL, Russia, April 22.—
Two suspected Japanese have been ar
rested on the railroad near Vologie, in
Northeastern Russia, 302 miles from
Moscow, with plans in .their possession
of Archangel and the famous monastery
on the island' of Solovetsky in • the
White. Sea.
Emperor Abandons Trip.
.VIENNA, April 22.— Owing to the
strike on the Hungarian railways.
Emperor Francis Joseph has , aban
doned his proposed visit to Budapest
next" week. -
It Is evident, from the closing of the
entrance, that viceroy.' Alexteff^ has no
intention of letting his ships go to sea
against a superior force, though this
may not be the policy of Vice Admiral
Skrydloff, who will determine on a plan
of operation when , he assumes com
mand.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 22.—Vice
roy AlexlefTs announcement of tht de
struction of a launch and the loss of
twenty-one men by the explosion of a
Russian mine at Port Arthur has added
to the gloom which has prevailed since
the disaster to the Petropavlovsk. "We
are paying the price of carelessness,"
said a member of the Admiralty, "and
previous, disasters seem to teach noth
ing." %> .
The War Commission suppressed part
of the Viceroy's dispatch, which showed
where the .mines- were laid. It is be
lieved that, as launches were employed,
they were mining the entrance to the
harbor, in order to prevent the Jap
anese from forcing an entrance and
attempting to destroy the remaining
ships.
St. Petersburg Is Dejected Over the
• Recent Launch Disaster. '
ACCIDENT CAUSES GLOOM.
The Russians swept the town, which
was occupied by the Japanese, with
bullets, but the Japanese, in addition
to a force of cavalry, sent four regi
ments of infantry and a mountain bat
tery to surround Mistchenko, who re
treated in good order.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 23. — Of
the officers who were saved from the
Petropavlovsk two midshipmen have
resumed duty and two lieutenants
During a review of the troops ' by
General Kuropatkin the mud was so
thick that it was necessary to haul the
men out of it with ropes, many of the
soldiers losing their shoes and parts of
their clothing in the mire.
The fight at Chengju on March. 28
was over the possession of the height
commanding the town. The Japanese
infantry and General Mis'tchenko's
Cossacks raced for the Kusen Moun
tains, at which the Russians were first
to arrive.
The howitzers which are' now being
embarked at Chenampho are evidently
intended for use in the movement
against Port Arthur. . ,"v
„ LIAOYANG, March 30 (delayed).—
General Kuropatkin has appointed as
members of his staff Lieutenant Gen
eral Sakharoff, commander of the
First Siberian Army Corps, to be chief
of staff; General Zabielin, chief « of
communications, and General Gruber.
chief of commissary. General Holsple
hevnikdff has l«een placed in command
of the rear guard.
The artillery and the oavalry consti
tute the weak point in the Japanese
army. The horses are not well trained
nor are they strong, and although the
Japanese cavalry behaved splendidly
in recent skirmishes with superior num
bers of Cossacks, it is probable that
when the first lot of trained horses is
exhausted the employment of a second
consignment of raw animals will ham
per their movements. )
Part of the general advance will be
toward Llaoyang and a division of the
Guards, 16,000 strong, under Major
General Inouye, will be the first troops
sent against the Russians at Chlntien
cheng, which is opposite Wiju on the
Manchurian side of the Yalu. Major
General Inouye won his laurels in the
fighting at Chengju on March 28.
The supplies now being landed at
Chulsan (near the mouth of the river,
on Korean territory) can be forward
ed easily to Wiju, not more than twen
ty miles away. Wiju is to be the Jap
anese base in Northern Korea.
SEOUL, Korea, April 19 <\ia Shang
hai, April 22).— The belief is general
here that no attempt will be made to
cross the Yalu River before the end of
this week, by which time' the arrange
ments for., the concerted Japanese
movement, a simultaneous rush to
ward the river from three distinct
points, will have been perfected.
The second Japanese army Is sup
posed to have left Japan on April 16.
It probably will attempt to land near
Port Arthur, while other fwces will
try to land on the Manchurian coast
near Takushan. about fifty-five miles
to the west of the mouth of the Yalu,
or Tatungkao, about fifteen miles west
of the river mouth.
LONDON, April 22, 7:40 p. m.— A dis
patch to the Central News from T*ort
Arthur says news has been received
there of the complete destruction of a
Japanese column on the Yalu River.
No details, it is added, were obtainable.
have been assigned as aids to the com
mandants of ' Port Arthur and Vladi
vostok.
were found upon them. It is said that
the men were Japanese. The rumors
cannot be confirmed to-night.
the river under the cover of our guns."
The Emperor has recelved.the follow
ing telegram from Viceroy Alexieff,
bearing^to-day's.date: .
"I respectfully report to your Majesty
that to-day during the placing of mines
by some steam launches Lieutenant
Pell and twenty men ; were killed
through a mine exploding prematurely
under the stern of one of the launches."
Rumors are in- circulation that- two
beggars attempted to assassinate Gen
eral Kuropatkin when he was in New
chwang a few days ago. It is said that
the beggars succeeded in approaching
the general and were talking to him
when a guard noticed that one of them
put his hand inside his robe. .The men
were; seized and,searched and knives
Troops Under Major General Inouye Will First Be Sent Against
the Muscovites at Chin-Tien-Cheng.
In order to prevent a breach of neu
trality the German Government has
annulled its contract with the yard,
leaving the owners tovdo as they please
with the torpedo boats.
BERLIN, April 22.— Some sensation
has been caused in Berlin by a dispatch
from a German agency to the effect
that Germany has ceded to Russia cer
tain torpedo boats building In private
yards which are on the point of com
pletion. Eight of them, which are be
| ing built by the Schichan yard, are the
largest torpedo boats as yet constructed
in Germany, "being of 560 tons displace
ment, Avith an average .speed of 28
knots.' ¦:: '!}•" '¦¦'-' - .•
It is reported in responsible quar
ters that certain- strange craft, said
to be Japanese submarines, are hover
ing on the east coast of Sweden. They
were last seen off the fortified harbor
of Farosund, In the Island of Gotland,
in the center of the Baltic Sea. It Is
reported that the St. Petersburg au
thorities have been advised of the mat
ter and are alarmed for the safely of
the Baltic fleet. /
CHICAGO, April 22.— A special cable
dispatch from Stockholm, Sweden,
says:
Vessels Supposed to Be Japanese
Submarines Seen Off Sweden.
+J.
STRANGE CttAI-T SIGHTED.
The Progressists constitute a third
of the Diet and they generally oppose
Premier Katsura and the Government.
TOK1O, April 22. — Twa'significant
speeches were made to-day at a meet
ing; of the Councilors of the Progres
eive party. Okuma, a former
Premier, warned the people of Japan
to be prepared for intervention during
the war by some European power, and
also for a great increase in the national
expenditure when the war was over.
He said that after the war It would be
necessary to float a loan of at least
$250,000,000. Hasama* Oishi, a Progres
sive leader, expressed the belief that
Germany would take the initiative In
Intervening. He declared that no
power would welcome the preponder
ance of Japan in the Far East, and
tint many of the powers were prepared
to resort to any and all means to curb
the extension of Japanese influence.
M. Oishi criticized the foreign policy
of Japan, saying the White Book
showed clearly that the great conces
sions offered by Japan to Russia
would have been a national calamity
had Russia chosen to accept the
lenient terms offered.
Count Okuina Warns Japan to Be
Prepared for Intervention.
FEAKt INTERFERENCE.
A military newspaper will be pub
lished by Genera4 Kuropatkin's . field
staff.
A Red Cross hospital has been estab
lished here and a flying field detach
ment has been sent out with puck
horses and trained dogs to find wound
ed men. The hcspital work is under
the personal supervision of M. Alexan
drovsky, formerly Russian commission
er to the St. Louis Exposition. A large
temple for the use of the Red Cross
Society has been donated free of
charge.
The foreign military attaches are at
General Kuropatkln's headquarters.
Some foreign newspaper men have ar
rived here from Newchwang.
. There was a skirmish yesterday op
posite "VTIju on an Island which the
Japanese occupied in order to pave the
way for the laying of pontoons. Rus
sian troops in boats were attacked and
driven back. Captain Sneizen, who was
in command, beine severely wounded.
Military trains are endlessly going
up and down tho line; infantry, cav
alry and artillery are passing by daily.
The troops which have reached their
allotted stations are hard at work pre
paring to receive the enemy. "Wayside
stations have been organised every
where to give the soldiers on the march
hot meals, warm shelter and comfort
able beds. The torrential rains which
fell during the first fortnight of April
did not affect the movement of troops.
LIAO TANG, April 52.— General
Kuropatkin expects that the Japanese
will attempt to cross the Yalu. The
concentration of the enemy's forces at
Wiju has steadily progressed. Infor
mation brought by scouts and other3
show that there is more than one di
vision there and that pontoons are
coming up.
The people of the South knew, he
Fuid. that twenty-five years after
Appomattox Roosevelt had in one of
his publications declared that until the
word treason was stricken from the
dictionary, Jefferson Davis would be
an arch traitor. That, he said, was a
strike at the South and the Confeder
ate to'.dier. He also referred to another
'publication of Mr. Roosevelt's in which
he said that throughout Southern
character there ran a streak of coarse
.and brutal barbarism. He compared
"the kind, loving words of McKinley"
in an address to Confederate veterans,
to "the insulting words of Roosevelt."
He f^iid that in one of his books Presi
dent Roosevelt "deliberately teaches
ar.d advocates lynching for the stealing
of a ragtail Texas pony." He asked if
that book <lld not have something- to
dc with stimulating "the great people
of the North to lawlessness." The
t>eople of tht South, he said, condemned
lynching for all crimes, because the
hand cr civilization and Christianity
had been lifted against it. No man the
civilized world over. «he said, would
condone outrages against woman, "and
yet »o don't preach lynching or teach
it; but, knowing tho weakness of hu
man, nature, mobs cannot be controlled
in sparsely nettled communities where
w* cannot get sufficient police force on
the spot at once." He believed that
xvery decent Republican in the country
*ould pause in shame that the Presi
dent of the United States had scattered
books advocating lynch law.
Reading from a speech made by Mr.
Roosevelt while Governor of New
York, he declared Mr. Roosevelt had
characterized the Congress of the
United States as "a herd of cattle."
Laughter on the Democratic side fol
lowed. "The humiliating spectacle,"
he continued, "is that since he has
be«n President of the United States he
has treated this Republican House as
a herd of cattle and the most humil
iating thing about it is that the Re
publicans allowed the President to
treat them a* cattle and lay down be
fore him in his green pasture."
He provoked laughter when he said
lh«* President looked upon Congress
as *'his great ranch" with the Repub
licans as his "round-ups."
Speaking deliberately, he declared
GRIEVANCES OF THE SOUTH
T*> say that Roosevelt filled McKin
ley's place, he declared, was a desecra
tion of MoKinley's namo. It was, he
said, a cas^> of the ant hill taking the
place of the mountain, the owl's screech
taking the place of the tomb's sympho.
l-Acs, the minnow taking the place of
'the whale.
Claude Kitchen (Dem.) of North Car
olina strongly assailed Representative
Grosver.or a ndj< President Roosevelt.
General Grosvenor, he eaid, had glori
iied President Roosevelt as the worthy
ruccesror of McKinley. forgetting that
during McKinley's last campaign Gen
eral GroEvenor, in signed articles, had
referred to the President, the Governor
of New York, as a "brilliant, erratic
and curious sort of man." Mr. Kitchen
charged that Mr. Roosevelt, as a can
didate for Vice President, was distaste
ful to Mr. McKinley and challenged
Grosvenor to deny it, as well as the
statement that Mr. Roosevelt as Vice
President was humiliated by the
friends of McKinley, including General
Grosvenor. "And yet," he said,' "you
men Fit here and gulp down everything
Roosevelt says, and not one of you
darts raise his hand in memory of Wil
liam McKinley." McKinley had a right
to think that Roosevelt would be dis
tasteful to him. "Contemplate," he
said, "the amazing spectacle of any
Republican in the United States being
humiliated by General Grosvenor and
contemplate this same man marshaling
under his banner the hosts of Republi
canism with Grosvenor the chief bugie
blower."
KITCIIKX'S HITTER LASHING.
SpigiH of Mississippi paid he recog
liizc-d that the American merchant ma
line was languishing and that too
much of the exports of the United
States were being carried in foreign
bottoms. The remedy, he suggested,
was a return to tXe policy of discrimi
nating duties and tonnage taxes.
Gardner of Massachusetts said that
the American tonnage was not as great
to-day ae it was a hundred years ago.
In 1*01.. he said, men speculated on the
passage of a subsidy bill and some
ehips were built, but since June, 1901.
iiirt a keet for a steel seagoing vessel
had been laid in the United States.
WASHINGTON, April 22.— In the
House late to-day Tresiacnt Roosevelt
was assaikd bitterly by Claude Kitchen
of North Carolina, who included In his
castigation General Grosvenor. Pre
ceding this episode the House debated
ihe bill to create a commission to in
vestisate the merchant marine, but
took no action on it.
Ohiuan Gives.- ¦Sharp Reply
to South Carolinan and
Lauds Course of Executive
Arrival of Pontoons
Arouses Slav
General. 5
IS CARRIED TO NOOSE
Discovery of Deal
Causes a Great
Sensation.
Courage of Peter Nciiler
nieier Fails Him When He
Foi'sakes Jail for
sixhjes tup: magistrate
Congressman Says Grosvenor
Ridiculed: *Uoosevelt as
Vice v Presidcntial Candidate
Little Brown Men Are
Concentrating
There.
Russians Purchase
Torpedo- Boa's in
Germany.
KITCHEN USES
STINGING WORDS
NERVE LEAVES
CAR BARN THUG
KUROPATKIN WATCHING JAPANESE FORCES AT WIJU
SUMMARY OF THE CALL'S WAR' NEWS OF ORIENT' WAR.
: - •¦' • - • ¦ ' ' ¦«. : - ¦ "•" ' . ¦ - ¦ . " ¦...".¦•..". ¦ ¦¦ '
-'"-¦ With the Jnpanese concentrated nt Wijn and the Bpssinnsi after sklnnishiug with advance guards,
retrcnting from the north bauk of the Yalu, the dispatches from the For East indicate that the long ex
pected battle near the Yalu cannot long be delayed.
Port Arthur reports declare that o Japanese column hadbecji oblitci-atod in an engagement on the
Yalu, but there is no confirmation of the dispatch. . o ¦ -
Carelessness on the part of the Russians at Port Arthur resulted In the explosion of a mine, the loss
of a lieutenant and twenty men and the destruction of a launch. ,
Renewed imports of possible intervention come from varioas sources aind the St. Petersburg papers
talk of an Anglo-Russo-Freneh alliance, which has caused a sensation in Berlin. .A special cable dispatch from
St. Petersburg, however,! says that Russia wohW listen to no offer of mtxlintion based on the retention of
Korea by Uie Japanese. • \ ,
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY; -APRIL- 23; 1904:
An illustrated lecture under; the au
spices of the Business Women's Club
was' held last' night in the. California.
Academy of Sciences, auditorium. 'The
subject was "Honolulu .the Beauti'f ul,V.
and the lecture was delivered by James
W. Erwin * of . the California Camera
Club. ,i
L/ectures on Honolulu.
SAN JOSE,- April 22.--Captain John
C. Merlthew, _ one of the best-known
vhieyardlsts of this county, died at his
home at ! Cupertino' early, this 'morning.'
He was anative of MainVand 81 ? years
of age. When 12 years "of age he went
to sea, and when 20 '.'years "of age Jwas
captain of a ship: Af ter . sailing in'- the
Atlantic for "some ' years' he purchased ' a
95-ton schooner, Afno.land "in 1849-50
sailed around the 'Horn to ¦ San , Fran T '
Cisco.* : Captain Merlthew^ made a.'voy-
ag» to Honolulu and 'did some coasting
trade unt 11 ; 1855, -.when he' weijt to\Trih
idad, 1 Klamath" Cdunty.fadj engaged j^in
the general merchandise business* Siib-^
sequently he made a ' trip \ to ¦* Johnson
Island, 1500 miles south- of, the'- Sand
wich Islands, and ; then -came to Santa
Clara Valley to settled He
Prominent \ T ineyardlst Dies.
2
ADVESTZSE2CENT&
Get the
Spring
The best and most beneficial of all
habits, by taking Hood's Sarsaparilla,
the ideal spring medicine.
It overcomes spring lassitude and
languor and that tired feeling, gives
life and. vigor to the whole system,
creates a good' appetite, makes the
weak strong, purifies the blood,
cleanses it of all humors and impur-
It makes you feel better, look bet-
ter, eat and sleep better.
- ADVERTISEMENTS*
m >^«^^£lr*" il^teg\ - A MTTJiTON GBANDMAS all over a
H /*k3^*''^\v\^ America point to OASCARETS »
¦ IBr^ X.cb?^**' '\S»k. Oandy Cathartic as tho most per- E
I Ej v feet family medicine ever discov- 15
H f m ered. Good, kind, tender-hearted gj
1 I k.*Cs °* soul — arrandma tries to help S
fj § \*p* \|»m^ others by telling of tho good things E
I Jr » >,. jftfiiL TOBfiflHBn she has learned through experience n
¦ I /~^l JSyi!X IHKiaroM a*"* BO tbe sale of OASCARETS is F3
i K*&$ «»G3«S5iP» - OVER A MIT JJON BOXES A gj
M ?*.JI f '"^^^BsBS^Br MONTH. Years of experience with |
II ( '• fJh. ''JbSbBBp her own health, and grandpa's and r 4
a V JL JaSfeexvitf^pislislflr ner children's^ end her children's g2
9 V^ S SS^*^S*'^M^»^ children's have taught grandma g3
H \ tnat OASCARETS Candy Cathar- M
S '''''\ y^&%* /amu&Ss tic- are the only perfect medicine gs
ia V W-*^ / ./SfflBSSarN for bowel troubles, children's g
$1 1 Aft^ra^- diseases, diseases of the stomach w
»! V ' A. jjffla&BiMr' and liver, sick headaches, bilious- e
H ness, and bad blood. Best for the K
a 'Se^ir^mflBffP^B 1^ bowel3. AH druggists, 10c, 25c, |
1 J^>vraPiMis^li2^ 50c - Never sold in bulk. Genuine f
I ,^r£&W$$&F^ tablet stamped O C O. Sample and j*
1 tmS&K booklet free. Address E
I^'^^(f^j$f|sr "TA»y makm STERLING REMEDY COMPANY, P
1 ¦¦'' JfnS^jKfr \ m *f** l tt Chicago or New York. |
I ANNUAL SALE- TEN HSILLIOSI SOXES 1
3 Greatest In the Wcr'.d as jjf• ¦• ¦ • •
Another engagement- of interest to
Callforntans Is that of Miss Alice
Rutherford, i daughter 'of Mrs: ; George
Crocker; • to John ; . Laiigdon , of
New York. The Crockers, pere ¦ and
mere, are, on the Continent, i traveling
with Mr. and; Mrs/ Philip Kearney,
who will spend the summer .in v the
south of Europe." ;.'" , -
for it proved much for local ability,
both in the melody and the libretto.
Both Mr.- Shafter . arid Mr. Clifford
were overwhelmed with. honest praise
— bo, -too, were the clever performers.
Distinctly, "His. Royal Nibs" was a hit.
And that's a big thing to- say^ In .the
writers'- own home town. But ; perhaps
we are learning to discern talent, even
if it be the home-made quality.
• • - •
Last night the clever manifestation
of mirth and music thrust upon us
under the name of "His Royal Nibs"
was heard - for the last time — for
a while.. But it is distinctly to be hoped
that bo. sparkling a bit of comedy' and
eong will not' be shelved' for very long, 1
The date of the wedding has not
been divulged, but it. Is surmised that
it cannot be far # avfay— so importunate
has been the courtship.
Now that Mies Kirk has promised
her hand to a Californian, we shall
possess within our borders three of the
greatest' heiresses of Chicago — Mrs.
Jack Casserly, who was Miss Cecelia
Cudahy, and Mrs. Frank Carolan, '..who
was a Pullman, having already suc
cumbed to the allurements of Cali
fornia. It would be Interesting to hear
the opinion of the Chicago beaux. at
this 'latest defection from their coterie
of heiresses.
The predicted has happened, thereby
affirming the excellent judgment of
men of the West— Miss Cora Kirk, the
dashing Chlcagoan. has been won— and
been won by a Californian, Paul Clag
stone of the Southland. After the
"Royal Nibs" affair last night Miss
Kirk held a miniature salon of«con
gratulatory friends, the betrothal
possessing the fascinating prelude of a
fast and furious courtship.
Miss Kirk Is a girl of fine manner and
style, the possessor of rare Titian hair,
and wears her gowns with distinction.
Her father is famously rich, even for a
Chlcagoan, and has bestowed upon the
daughter all the mental emoluments
of the rich. She has long been the
close friend of Mrs. Francis Carolan,
abo of Chicago, and has been visiting
the latter at Burlingame.
It was while sojourning at Del Monte
that Miss Kirk met Mr. Clagstone, who
was a conspicuous figure in the polo
tournament, making a very clever
record with' his little mount.
Mr. Clagstone is best known In the
southern part of the State, where. he
and his mother, Mrs. Morrison, are
identified with the exclusive set at
Riverside.
By Sally Sharp.
Army orders: Corporal George Rolfe,
signal corps, Fort | Leavenworth, Kan
sas, will -be sent to JFort -Rlley, Kan
sas, to report to the commanding offi
cer for temporary duty to relieve Ser
geant Rudolph Mueller, signal ; corps.
Sergeant Mueller will be "sent to Be
nicia Barracks, California, to , report
to the commanding officer for duty in
the Philippine Islands. Sergeant
George L. McKeane, signal corps, . Be
nlcia Barracks, .will be] sent to 1 Fort
Riley. . Kansas. Lieutenant Colonel Ed
ward T.Comegys, deputy surgeon gen
eral.' is relieved from duty at the United
States General Hospital, Fort Bayard,
New 3 Mexico, and j will | proceed j to ; San
Francisco \ for: transportation ;. to V the
Philippine . Islands by j the j transport" to
sail June j 1. Private James '; M. Powell,
Twenty-ninth Company, Coast Artil
lery, Presidio, | Is j j to ' the
Seventeenth Company, Coast Artillery,
Fort Washington, Maryland. Post
Commissary Sergeant Paul L. Spaney
at Fort i Gibbon, | Alaska, will proceed
to the Army General Hospital,' Presidio 1 ,
for treatment.' Sergeant
Frank Grundler, . signal corps, : Benicia
Barracks, will proceed to St. Louis arid
report to Major George P. Scriven, sig
nal corps, for/duty In 'connection with
the signal corps exhibit at the Louis
iana* Purchase Exposition! : ; ! First-class
Sergeant HarVy F. Jordan, signal corps,
Benicia ¦ Barracks, California, : : will- pro
ceed to Omaha and report to the signal
officer of the Department of the Mis
souri.; 'First-class f Sergeant Frank ' P.
Turner, signal corps, Department of, the
Missouri, Omaha, 1 ; will proceed to Be
nicia Barracks ; and to\ the • com-:
nianding; officer for, duty in the Philip
pine r Islands.- , i-..--.i. : . .
, ' Navy .orders: : ' Lieutenant Comman
der,- J. , C.v Leonard " is • detached ¦¦ from
the Hancock , at r the • navy. 1 , yard, : New
York, and- ordered ; to -the'< Bennington
as executivel officer, sailing 4 from ; San
Francisco May i 5.> Lieutenant Comman-'
der <!W. - W. " Buchanan' is [detached from
WASHINGTON, April .22.— Louis F.
Mounts has been commissioned post
master at Manton; Cal. Three new let
ter, carriers are authorized; for Los An
geles May 1, and Santa Cruz is to have
one temporary carrier from June" 15 to
September. 15. r '¦
Los Angeles Letter : Carrier Force -Is
Increased and Additional Man Is
Given Santa Cruz.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACFFIC COAST
the' Bennineton and' ordered to the
Ohio as executive officer. ' Lieutenant
F. H. Schofield, additional duty, to
command the torpedo-boat destroyers,
torpedo-boats* and submarine torpedo
boats in reserve at the navy yard, Mare
Island. Lieutenant G. R. Slocunv is
detached 'from the Bennington and or
dered home to wait orders. Lieutenant
A. MacArthur is detached from the
command of j the torpedo-boat destroy
ers at the navy yard, Mare Island, and
ordered to the Bennington.,"
Young Couple Disappear Together.
Tilden Dickens, the twenty-year-old
son of Walter Dickens, president of
the Dickens Lumber Company, is said
to / have .eloped" with Miss May
Olangue. a seventeen-year-old girl who
resided with her Italian parents on
Telegraph Hill. The two met at the
Ingleside coursing park some months
ago and immediately fell in love. Since
then Dickens has been much in j the
girl's ; company. \ Parents of each , of
the alleged runaways have " searched
for; weeks for the- missing pair but
failed to locate them. About a year
ago young Dickens met and married
another girl in this city. Efforts were
made by Ms parents to separate the
pair and they finally were forced' apart,
but no divorCe has ever been recorded
to. complete their disunion.
Fails to Find Sister.
Bridget Walsh, 20 years of age. was
found wandering in search -of her sis
ter : along Union street last | night I by
Policeman Samuel Orr. The girl ar
rived • In town yesterday afternoon
from SHgo, Ireland. Her sister was to
have met \ her. at | the ferry, but failed
to do so. Policeman Orr conveyed the
girl "to the City Prison; where ' she was
given In charge ' of Matron ' Mrs. ~ Con
don. The police will care for her un
til her sister is located. -V;':«A-
Syndicate Acquires Large Tract of
Land North of Presidio Wall in
Residence Section.
Nine acres of land within the city
limits were transferred yesterday
through the agency of Baldwin &
Howell, from the heirs of the late
Sarah TIbbits to F. K. Grannis. The
tract is west of First avenue and ex
tends from the Presidio wall to within
eighty feet of Lake street/
Grannis spent six months in acquir
ing the interests of the several heirs,
the last interest having been pur
chased at - guardian's sale and con
firmed on Monday. As soon as he
acquired title to the entire tract he
resold It at an advance to a local
syndicate/organized by Baldwin &
Howell, which Immediately paid over
the entire purchase money and took
title to the tract in the name of Jo-
Blah R. Howell, the Junior member of
the real estate* firm. The agents de
cline to state what amount was paid
for * the property, , but it . is supposed ;
to be, between $75,000 and $90,000./
First avenue, upon which the Tib^
bits tract has a large frontage. Is 125
feet wide and Is the boulevard con
necting the Presidio with Golden Gate
Park, only seven blocks distant. Point
Lobos avenue, also - 125 . feet wide, la
the only boulevard and driveway to
the ocean and is within three blocks^
of the Tibblts property. Hence the
property has the Presidio 'back f. of
it. Golden <Mt« Park in front of it'and
a fine .wide otfulevard- adjacent-
Baldwin & Howell are authorized' to
expend $75,000 in improving. the'tractr
which means that it is the: intention
to make it an ideal location for first
class residences.
Banquet Bridal "Couple.
Friends of J. B. Nekada' and his
bride tendered them a banquet at
Union Square : Hall last night. One
hundred ; and . fifty persons were presi
ent to en joy the repast and '. the f ea
tures of entertainment.' The latter con
sisted of Japanese dancing In], various
fashions and much niusicJfro'm Orient
al instruments.'. The feast, Japanesque
In ' every, particular except -the -cham
pagne, was prepared and ; served - by
Mrs. ¦ Katayama. a restaurateur at [630
Pine street,; who was assisted b7 th«
Messrs.* Chryoshl and Ogawa,
TRANSFERS NINE ACRES
OF PROPERTY IN CITY
CHICAGO MAID
PROMISES HAND
TO CALIFORNIAN
At noon the outdoor work was com
pleted and the students and faculty
were treated to a delicious lunch by the
young lady students. The tables were
set in Central Hall. The afternoon was
devoted to musical and literary exer
cises by the students and athletic
pames and sports. , . .'
SAN JOSE. April 22.— Arbor day was
celebrated at the University of the Pa
cific to-day by the students and fac
ulty. It was a holiday and all turned
out and beautified the grounds. This is
an annual custom that has been ob
served for some time. Early this morn
ing the students appeared in their
working clothes. Professor Louis
Kroeck and a squad of the faculty were
busy directing affairs. Weeds were dug
from all the paths and the lawns and
bushes straightened up, the lawns
trimmed, flowers planted and the debris
carted away. A ditch was dug for a
pipe to carry water to a new section of
the grounds, and the cinder path and
tennis courts were placed In fine condi
tion.
Arbor Day Is Observed by Faculty and
Pupils of University of
Pacific.
STUDENTS IN WORK
GARB PLANT TREES
SAN JOSE, April 22.— A young ladles'
seminary, modeled after Vassar, Mount
Holyoke and Gaihsvllle schools, may be
established In San Jose or this vicinity.
Three ladies experienced in this work
are now in San Jose looking over the
ground. They are Miss J. N. Sims, Miss
C. E. Squires and Miss E. Mann, and
are from New York and Boston. They
have sufficient financial backing to go
ahead with their plans as .soon as a site
is secured. San Mateo, Palo. Alto and
Centerville have been visited by the
ladles and they have now been in San
Jose for several days. A number of
Bites here have been inspected and the
promoters of the school ' have been
pleased with the location of : the city
and its advantages. They, have not yet
made a choice, but state -that some
point around the bay .>will be selected
and that there Is a good opening for
such a school \ here on this coast. In
case a site is selected expensive and at
tractive buildings will be erected and
fine grounds laid out.
Eastern Women Are at San Jose In
specting Sites for a Semi
nary. , y
MAY FOUND SCHOOIj
MODELED AFTER VASSAR
Witness Declares Mrs. Greenwood's
Relatives Are Not Entitled
to Property.
REDDING. April 22. — If the claims
r>f Louis Jacobs of San Francisco are
true the J 10.000 estate of the late Mrs.
Anna Greenwood should go to the
city of Iledding to found an "Old
Xadies' Home." Jacobs, who formerly
Jived in Redding, has just learned of
Ihe death. He claims that Mrs. Green
wood often told him that she intended
that none of her relatives should
profit by her death and that she in-
I^ndefl to leave her property to the
tity of Redding for the purpose men
tioned. Jacobs believes that a will
ran be found in which such a dispo
sition of the estate is provided for. A
search for the will is to be made.
. BOSTON. April 22.— Th* Investigation or
<h» condition of th* Union Trust Company of
this Hty. Trhleh Tras «'1^s»h1 last m^r.th, FhnTct
that <5«T°s1tpr» probably Tiill be paid In full.
SAYS CUT OF KEDDIXG
SOOIXD HAVE ESTATE
Wheat (Including flour) exports for
the week ending April 21 aggregate
1.645,428 tmshels, against 1,213,855 last
.¦week and 3.SS8.542 bushels last year.
Business failures for the week ending
April Tl number 1S3. against 138 last
week and 152 last year. In Canada fail
ures for the week cumber 11, against
20 last week and 13 last year.
R. G. Dun & Co.'s weekly review of
trade will say to-morrow:
Unseasonable weather Is etill the
chief drawback to Improvement in
business, complaints being received
from every section of the country. Not
only is current distribution of mer
chandise particularly affected, but fu
ture commitments are undertaken
most conservatively on account of the
possible injury to crops. There is much
confidence regarding the future despite
the" fact that at many points supplies
of merchandise are burdensome. Struc
tural work is gradually resuming nor
ir.al proportions for the season. May 1
Is usually the date fixed for labor con
troversies, but this year there is little
prospect of serious disturbances. At
the West railroad freight tonnage has
not increased, but passenger traffic is
\ *»ry heavy, and earnings of all roadf
thus far reported in April are only 4.3
per cent smaller than last year.
While no further improvement can
be discerned in the iron and steel in
dustry, it is gratifying to find no dis
tinct evidence of a setback. Aside from
elremrth and activity in Texas hides
1he Western market for domestic skins ,
J? dull and barely steady.
Slightly lower prices prevail for the
J«adin? agricultural staples.
Failures this week number 241 in the
Vnlted States, against 2O) last year,
and 12 in Canada, compared with 15 a
year ago.
• NEW TOKK, April 22.— Bralstreera
to-morrow will say:
Unseasonably cold weather all over
the country Interferes with plant prep
aration and growth and Interrupts ac
.Xlvity In many lines, notably building.
Distributive trade, both wholesale and
retail, has practically "marked time"
during the week- Back of weather and
price conditions there looms up the po
litical outlook, which In most cases has
induoed a tendency toward conserva
tism. While fall trade has opened meas
urably well In some sections, there Is
a tendency to await developments
• likely to affect crop and other condi
tions. Among the Industries Iron and
steel note .an accentuation of the quiet
observable last week. - The market for
raw wool Is rather low at the Bast,
though higher prices than last year are
reported. The poor trade In flour was a
depressing feature this week, the mills
refusing much business at the lower
rates. Some export business was re
ported done at the declines In wheat
and corn.
Structural Operations, How
ever, Are Brightening Up
and Outlook Is Favorable
DEALEBS CONSERVATIVE
'If you had seen that poor man
raise up in his bed and object and his
weeping wife protest and break down,
you could not have done so, your
Honor," answered Brackett.
Mayor Schmitz asked a few more
questions relative to Dr. Brackett's
feelings toward the City and County
Hospital, and finally asked him if it
was not a fact that the witness had
said things detrimental to the repu
tation of the main hospital. Dr. Brack
ett could not recollect, and when pinned
down to the reported statement that
Goir.g back to the question of why
the patient was not taken to the City
an«I County Hospital," the Mayor asked
the witness* several pointed questions
as .to^his knowledge and opinion of the
county institution. Dr. Brackett re
plied that he considered it a good place
and had never said anything against
any one being taken there. .
*"Do you not believe," asked Mayor
Schmitz. "if you, as^ a municipal of
ficer, had strongly recommended the
patient to go to th/ City and County
Hospital you would have been doing
your duty?"
Dr. Brackett stated he had told Mrs.
Ames, after the death of her husband,
that she did not owe anything for his
services, and In reply to a query by
the Mayor stated he had never asked
her if she had any furniture to give
him in payment for his services. In
fact he had told her from the beginning
he would charge her nothing, and upon
several occasions had given her car
fare to go to Fleishhacker and try to
get some settlement with him.
Witness reiterated his statement
that he had not asked Fleishhacker for
any money, but had asked him to pay
the expenses of the patient in the hos
pital.
Schmitz — Why didn't you recommend that
he be taken to the City and County Hospital?
Brackett — Because the patient and his wife
both objected.
Schmitz — Did you say anything against the
City and County Hospital to prejudice their
minds? Brackett — 1 did not.
"Do you think you did right in de
manding and accepting that fee?"
ask»d Mayor Schmitz.
"He was a disinterested party. I
cannot see how I can be expected to
visit families and patients outside of
my duties," replied Brackett.
Sctmitz — Why didn't you ask him to call at
the hospital? Brackett— I never did so.
MAYOR SCnMTTZ INQUIRES.
Mrs. Ames asked me to see Flelshhacker
ard find oat what he would do for her. as sh«
was very poor. I called on Flelshhacker and
charred him (5 for the visit. It was strictly
out of the line of my duty, and while there
I ejwke to him about the people belr.fr poor
and said the wife wanted the maa taken to a
private hospital, but did not have any money.
Flelshhacker asked me If $50 would eee the
tnan through aad I told him It would not.
Flelshhacker said he didn't think he could
stand any more than that. As far as my
asking him for any compensation for myself Is
concerned It la absolutely false.
I told Mr«. Ames I would treat th« case tor
nothlac if her husband was taken, to a hos
pital where arrangements could be made for
his expenses. She wanted him to be taken to
the French Hospital, but 1 told her 1 could
see him more frequently If he was placed In
the German Hospital. 1 as that was nearer my
home. She assented to that and the patient
was taken to the German Hospital. While I
was at Fleishhacker 1 b I received the $5 from,
him for the call I made, but no other money,
nor did I ask for any. „
If this la the last word I am erer to say.
I will say I sever asked for one cent nor
asked for any fee for serrtoea la the hospital.
Dr. Huntlnrton came to the hospital and we
talked the case over and be made an exami
nation. I told him I believed amputation was
th« only course to pursue and be agreed with
me, but suggested that the patient be taken
out to the City and County Hospital, but both
Mr. Araes and his wife objected to that.
The time of this conversation was
given as 12:30 or 1 o'clock In the morn-
Ing following the accident. Brackett
claimed that at that time Fleishhacker
told him he would see Dr. Huntington
In the morning and arrange for a con
sultation. .
Lifting up Ms hand, the accused
physician said:
and requested Brackett to come to
Flelshhacker's place of business. Such
a step as that, Brackett Informed, him.
would require the payment of a fee
or $5.
QUESTION OF TIME.
Climatic and. Other Condi
tions Cause Interruption
of Activity in All Lines
Thr> Mayor — Did you tell Dr. Brackett about
Dr. Huntington wanting the patient sent to
the City and County Hospital?
Fleishhacker— I did. Dr. Brackett said no
phveician could get a patient into his ward.
He would have to take any physician sent
him.
The Mayor — What's that? Do you mean to
say Dr. Brackett made that statement? Why.
sir. It Is absolutely untrue. Any patient in
the, City and County Hospital can have any
physician he may want.
Fleishhacker— Dr. Brackett Is right here and
he cannot deny saying so.
The Mayor — How about that $100 fee?
Fleishhacker — Dr. Brackett did not ask for a
fee of $100 for getting a release from our firm,
but he did talk about putting the ccse in the
Uerman Hospital, and gave me to understand
MAYOR SCI1MITZ ANGRY.
Fleishhacker — Dr. Huntlngton wanted Amps
sent to the City and County Hospital, aa he
had a ward there where the man could be
placed, for he (Huatington) believed Ames* had
a chance of saving his limb, but Dr. Brackett
was of th<* opinion that the patient could not
recover. There was a consultation with Mrs.
Ames, who decided to give the case to Dr.
Brackett.
Attorney Samuels questioned Fleish
hacker regarding a judgment which
had been rendered against his firm on
April 20 in favor of Mrs. Ames as the
guardian of her minor son, and in
reply the witness said he understood
the insurance company wanted to set
tle! So far as their firm was con
cerned, the insurance company was re
sponsible for any damage to any of
their employes. He also stated he
knew from what Mrs. Ames had said
and from what the physicians had told
him that She was In financial straits.
From time to time he had given her
money to the aggregate of $55. Mayor
Schmitz considered that matter as im
material in the question at issue and
ordered the testimony to proceed.
Later in the investigation the testi
mony regarding the money cut quite
an important figure. It was as fol
lows: i -
Fleishhacker — That is absolutely wrong. I am
positive it was about noon on Sunday. I did
not call him the night before, for I did not
know of the accident until Sunday. I called
Dr. Huntington after talking over the tele
phone to Dr. Brackett, and he went down to
the hospital.
At that point of the proceedings
Mayor Schmitz explained Dr. Brack
etfs testimony regarding the mid
night call on the telephone.
Mayor Schmitz — Did you ask Dr. Brackett
to call on you? Flelshhacker— Positively not.
I was surprised to see him come to my office.
Durlns our conversation then he stated It
would be necessary to pay a fee of $5 for Dr.
Huntington consulting with him at the Emer
gency Hospital. .
Dr. Brackett called me up at my houeo
Sunday afternoon and Informed me that
he believed It would be neceasary to
amputate the man's limb. * He aeked
me to call and see him. for he believed be
could get a release for us from damages. I
was surprised at that statement, for from
what tie eaid the roan at that time was ready
to undergo an operation. I thought tben It
would be well to have some other surgeon talcs
the case. I asked Dr. Brackett (all of this
was over the telephone) If I could send Dr.
Hunttcgton to look Into the case. He replied
that 1 could, but' that I would have to pay a
fee of to. I Eaid all right and that Dr.
lluntlnsrtim would be In the hospital at 2
o'clock. Dr. Huntington kept the appointment.
STATEMENT DENIED. \
Mortimer Fleishhacker, the man for
whom Ames worked - and who, the
Coroner's jury discovered, had paid Dr.
Brackett a fee, was sworn and stated
be had not brought any charges against
Dr. Brackett and had no personal feel
ing In the case under consideration.
The first he knew of any publicity re
sulting from his meeting Dr. Brackett
was when he was summoned to appear
at the Inquest. Witness was positive
In his statement that he had not called
Dr. Brackett on the phone the night
of the accident, for he knew nothing
of the accident until noon the next day.
Continuing, he said:
he had told Mrs. Ames It was the worst
place any one could be sent ha dodged
behind the- protective expression. "I
don't remember."
,As a parting "question. Mayor Schmltz
asked whether the reported statement
of Fleishhacker was true that he
(Brackett) refused to consult with Dr.
Huntington unless he was paid a fee,
Brackett replied emphatically In the
negative, and then asked to be excused,
as he had to go on duty. His request
was granted.
FLEISHJIACKEU CALLED.
Mayor Schmitz stated he would care
fully go over the testimony and give
his decision to-day. ,
Mayor Schmltz excused the witness
and, before adjourning the investiga
tion until afternoon, stated that the
postponement of the inquest In Ames'
death for two months would be pVe
sented to the Grand Jury for investi
gation, and if Judgment had^been se
cured in her name' without her con
sent, that would also be referred.
N Charles J. McDonnell, clerk in the
Justices' Court, submitted the papers
in the judgment case in order
that the Mayor might Investigate that
phase of justice.
Dr. Howe corroborated _• Dr. Brack
ett's testimony as to not wishing to
charge anything for his services. Wit
ness himself had told Mrs. Ames not to
worry, for he believed the National
Guard boys would advance the- money,
as. Ames was popular with them.
Mrs. Dr.* Brackett corroborated her
husband's statement regarding the mid
night telephone call from F t leishhacker
and r was positive it was Saturday
night.
•-Dr-C. JB. Plnkham, an assistant sur
geon at the Emergency Hospital, said
he was present' at the interview be
tween Dr. Brackett and Fleishhacker in
the latter's office and saw the $5 change
hands for the consultation' held be
tween Dr. Brackett and Dr. Hunting
ton in the Emergency Hospital. He was
positive ithe money was paid for the
consultation, for Fleishhacker had said
while the* three were together: "While
you are down here, I might as well
pay you that $5 for the consultation."
Dr. Huntington was to have been
summoned; but, as he had business of
importance, the testimony was closed
by Attorney Samuels agreeing to ad
mit the reported conversations, between
Dr. Brackett and the absent witness.
Mrs. Ames was asked regarding the
suit entered by W. F. Williams in her
name to recover $100 from A. Flelsh
hacker & Co. and positively stated she
had never authorized it nor signed any
papers in connection with it. She had
never employed Williams in any ca
pacity..
Witness had instructed Dr. Brackett
to go to Fleishhacker^ and, endeavor
to secure a settlement of her claim, as
she did not want to go into court. Dr.
Brackett did so, but was only offered
$50. This was refused, as she wanted
$400 or $500. She had signed a num
ber of papers, but had not received any
money except a little from , Flelsh
hacker.
A question as to whether she had
attended the Inquest of last Monday
wag answered in the negative, and
when asked why, said she knew,noth
ing of It until Policeman Clark called
on her to know why she had not al
tended. She positively "stated she ha 1
not been served with a * subpena,
Mayor"*Schmitz ordered his secretary to
note that fact in order to make an in
vestigation.
DENIES SIGNING PAPERS.
Mrs. Fannie . Ames . was called and
told her story amid sobs. She said Dr.
Brackett had been very kind to her
and when she told him she did not
have a cent, he told' her he would do
everything free. She did not want her
husband taken "to the City and Coun
ty Hospital, for she had a horror of
such institutions. When Dr. Brackett
suggested the German Hospital she
consented. Witness . repudiated a re
ported interview she was said to have
given, when Dr. ' Brackett had asked
her for money and for her furniture.
Dr. Brackett had never 'said anything
to her against the Cfty and County
Hospital, but the members of the Na
tional Guard had told her it would be
sure death for her husband to be sent
there. , . ?,
that It •wxmld ttk» $100 to handle tfc* ease—
$50 for hospital service and $50 for Incident
als. Dr. ' Bracken - said ha did ! not -. want a
cent for himself, but It would taks that
amount to care for the case. - 1 eald I would
not cuarantee to pay $100, but I would pay
the bill at the hospital. ¦ ~
Continued From Pace If Ooluxnn 6.
COLD WEATHER
AFFECTS TRADE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, SATURDAY, UPRIUK 23, 190*.
EMERGENCY SURGEON BRACKETT'S^^H
FATE DEPENDS ON DECISION TC^g
BE HANDED DOWN BY MAYOR TO-DAY
SANTA CRUZ. April 22.— The Pacific
Coast » Traffic - Managers* Association
will have an outing , here to-morrow.
The members 'will come '. over the nar
row-gauge, and have 'supper at the Sea
Beach- Hotel. .In the evening, a dance
will be, held in the ballroom. The party
jrill on Sunday, go to the Big Trees.- _;
Traffic Managers at Santa Cruz.
SAN JOSE. April 22. — JudRe TutUe
to-day ordered* Sheriff Larigford to
bring George Suesser before him next
Friday to be resenienced for the mur
der of Sheriff H- n. Farley at Salinas,
September 19, 1899.. Suesser has been
twice >sentenced to death.. His first
conviction was in Monterey County,
in which case he was granted a new
trial on the ground that his motion
for change of venue had been improp
erly denied. The Supreme Court has
recently affirmed the judgment of con
viction rendered In this county.
firmed and Monterey Murderer
Will Be Hanged.
Judgment of Second Conviction Is Af-
SCESSER MrST AT ,/;
LAST GO TO GALLOWS
To-day ( the Chrysanthemums will
hold their charity bazaar; at the i Sorosis
clubroomB, 1620 California street; % and
if a vision of pretty; maids and charm-?"
Ing matrons '. bent on 1 • .will
attract- you, Just, rim up ' there-^-you'H
find them winsome" hostesses. But bring
with you a few "dimes or. dollars, /for
these maidens must look after, that hos
pital bed fora whole .year 'with i these
dimes and"doliars. ; Hours, from . 2 to 5
P'Xn* 'C ¦ ¦ - ¦'¦ '¦¦,",_" ..-¦. . : . : '¦¦'¦'¦:;
3
ADVEEtTlSEMEKTS.
It im rot * bir knlfia— but a btr
vaJua. It's 0ulla>ble tor the Aa.Hr
use* of icy g-entleman or ludy. You
may defend upon th* Quality of the
blades and the workmanship In Us
construction throughout.
. I WANT YOUR OLD RAZOR.
'Will (tv» you a. literal allowance for tt
on a dmt ona. #
I. carry a full Use of Cxeellrat Cut 1 fry.
ttieJufiir.jr gbeara anfl Bctaaors— •otne aa
low fca 25c
Tw» ban WUUanis' Its Ehavlr.r S«ap,
XOe.
ISaU Orcen Promptly FLU«d.
SOO^!S^?5O<r
CM8CCT ITYLCS ~**O SIXC6. ALSO
»u«M«tta ah* m**caaiof«Ai. cards
TJtAT KAN PITTS
. lOOaMaj-ket Street- /a^Tui.
* 3»n fVartcisco*
There is just . one way- to
have good
1 tea *>t Vin t-pawitt tpka
. ' eoSn fUTocinr aatracti aeda
economically :
Schilling's Best, at youl
grocer's, moneyback.
FREE FREE -
TO WANT ADVERTISERS
..In next' SUNDAY'S CALL. V
WALKER'S
self-fulling;^ corkscrew.
* (Patented.):,
You get* one 'of ! these useful
articles • free : by bringing \ your :
"Want Ads" to The Call for In-
sertion In NEXT SUNDAY'S Is-
'¦¦ sue of Greater San Francisco's
Greatest Paper.:.; i
I "I LIKE TO TRAVEL •
m Am usa pan ¦*¦¦¦&¦ fl BB tf%H3P4%l&Hiq
I ON THE BURLINGTON" igg
JU Yes, people like to travel on the Burlington, because people like to be treated
H nicely, like to be satisfied.
H The Burlington has tHe reputation of caring for the guests who travel upon its
H trains just a little more carefully, just a little better than the ordinary railroad— and this
H reputation is admirably sustained.
|§ That's why; people enjoy traveling on the. Burlington — that's why you will enjoy
H your trip east if you make sure your ticket reads over the Burlington.
U When you are ready to go East, fill put the coupon below and mail it to
H Mr. Sanborn. You, will get i ¦ — ; — '¦ ; ¦ — ¦ • aP4
M the right answer to all the W - D - SANBORN, General Agent Burlington Route,
g! . & . , 631 Market Street, SAN FRANCISCO. • >vA,
H questions you care to ask about Please send me f-%mplete information about the Burlington'
re| the trip. , Overland Excursions. B
E*J " ; ¦ ¦ " I «A>dka«A ? *¦» rn 1- /" - Ball
K| i want to go to : , _______ fS
Kg Best line from Denver to St. Louis. Name ~ ' " * ¦* * : " H
Ej ' V^WorWi Fair opens April 30. . • . .„ . . h
B| . Address- r ! ' ' ' 3
RflL . • - . . 905 - - * ¦ ¦ Jtm
..¦.:... '.-.-, ... ..._....-. -..-- •-- ADVSB.TTaTCTVTF.NT8. ¦- •• ¦_ .-. ¦.<-'- •¦-.-'•.
rj^^H b^b^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H b^D^HI B^BvltH j^a^afea^
There is only One
Genuine-SyrUp Of FigS, \ jM3f A
The Genuine is Manufactured by the JWp-!§f^ffli
California Fig Syrup Co. m^^^B
The full name of the company, California Fljf Syrup Co., W^-s^^^^^^^^^m
\m printed on the front of every package of the genuine. lf^~^-tW^3m$3^.
The Genuine^ Syrup of Figs- is for Sale, in Original W^0&^^^^^m
Packages Only, by Reliable Druggists Everywhere ?S^Sf. •£• JlllI
Knowing the above will enable one to avoid the fraudulent imita- \l^$$^SMM£k
tions made by piratical concerns and sometimes offered by unreliable %&^*M. < : £iSfr& Wt .¦
dealers. The imitations are known to act injuriously and should
Buy the genuine always 'if you wish to get its beneficial effects. wi^Jgil§& ¦ |||
It cleanses the system gently yet effectually, dispels colds and headaches \ i*§i
when bilious or constipated, prevents fevers and acts best on the \w?l
kidneys, liver, stomach and bowels, when, a laxative remedy is needed W-^-Sk Jsl
by men, women or children. Many millions know of its beneficial JIlll^S
i effects from actual use and of their own personal knowledge. It is the J&?f^*'&i[0$m
Lo\ii5YiIle. Ky flewYork. H&Jjm: The* Superylsors^ Printing Commit
tee recommended -yesterday .that -the
contract for 1 printing : the delinquent
tax list be a warded -to: the i'^Jurnal of
Commerce at' 2.9. cents "per. assessment.'
Other k publications ;¦ protested - against
the decision without avail.'
Printing Delinquent Tax Ust.
John ¦M>Donnelly, t Mary A'.J Skerrett
and Bridget: Watson, each" of whom
in the will of Patrick" Donnelly,"^who
died on the ;4th : insti, is ;bequeathed
$250, petitioned'- the* court^ yesterday
to revoke the appointmeritof. executor
of the will given -to Bernard ¦ Donnelly.
They aver; that , the/ 'executor; has vio
lated •. his trust in* that ; he' ; hai ..willfully
concealed '< the -true-^ value {of j : the;, es
tate ' and ; that he,", in ! conjunction •with
Mary Donnelly, ; widow^ ot the'deceased,
has kept i from i the ! knowledge /of ; the
court v the "fact that \ Donnelly/ had ion
deposit V> funds i - ; in • ; i various : . J banks
amouhting'to.'JSOOO. . ; ; . .' '¦'*
-'Want Executor, Remored.
- . Dr. ; John I.; King, only, survivor , of
the White River massacre of October
28.-1855, lives at- Mattel. Ohio.
the visitors. -»
At 3 o'clock in the afternoon P. J.'
Hazen, chairman of the reception com
mittee, gave a short address, followed
by Attorney L. L. Dennett, who gave,
on behalf of the^ people of the two Ir
rigation districts, the address of wel
come, to which Governr Pardee re
sponded. Hazen stated that something
over a year ago the matter of holding
a Fourth of July celebration was taken
up among the people of Modesto, but
a canvass among them revealed a
strong sentiment against holding any
celebration. The citizens wanted a
demonstration of gome kind following
the completion- of the work of con
struction upon the irrigation systems of
the Modesto and Turlock districts.
The projected Fourth of July cele
bration was abandoned and ; a com
mittee composed of representative men
of the two districts began arrange
ments for this celebration. . T t was first
proposed to hold the jubilee in the
fall of last year, but it was postponed
until this spring.
Upward of $5000 had been raised to
defray the cost of the undertaking and
the money had been' spent by forty or
fifty of the leading people of the com
munity. The Governor of the State of
California had kindly -consented to be
our honored guest at this meeting.
Hazen then announced some features
of the programme of the afternoon
and closed by introducing L. L. Den
nett of the general committee. Den
nett said it was a custom of ancient
Venice to annually "^ celebrate the
espousals or wedding of the sea signifi
cant of the wealth brought to Venice
through the avenue of the sea. These
carnivals were of great moment and
elaborate in character, and emphasized
the ' appreciation ¦ of the people of > the
chief source and means of their" pros
perity. To-day we celebrated the wed
ding of the water and the land. It may
be said, indeed, that all periods reach-
Ing from the -beginning of things when
the Tuolumne first burst through its
mountain barriers and found its way
to the Bea have been tending to these
espoueals. The wheat grower was the
logical successor of the miner. : And
yet the wheat grower never felt that his
condition was permanent. 1 He was
always* contemplating" a larger ¦ house
and .a different: status of operations;
He has been followed by the Irrigator,
the user 'of the water- wedded to the
land, and we have now a state of per
manence 'of settlement.' . Homes may
now be built which will, remain in
families through . successive gener
ations — always producing, always
yielding crops, the soil . never tiring in
its output when properly treated, the
communities experiencing the rise of
continuous wealth. .
Governor Pardee replied as follows:
"Ladies an^ Gentlemen— The pleasure
you have to-day In celebrating this
union of land and water is shared by
every person In California. It Is shared
by them because your prosperity will
be shared by every 'man, woman' and
child in California. Not only this -but
the success you have achieved: will be
taken up . farther north, and ' your, ex
ample will be followed, -and your suc
cess' will "find, reflection: in the': future
successes and prosperity' which will be
realized by those who extend the great
work into other localities ! of the . State.
It Is therefore, as chief executive of
the. . State, that I can , gire , a hearty
'God bless - you' from all of the people
I am h<fe to represent." , ." . i u
The speech of the Governor closed
thr" ceremonies -at the platformr but
Little Albert Rouquett, the eight
and a half .months old child of Mrs.
Velere Rouquett, .who keeps a lodging
house at 192 SeVenth street, was, burn
ed to death yesterday. Albert and his
three-year-old sister, Alice, were play
ing with 'matches yesterday* morning
about 8 o'clock. The .smaller child's
clothing became Ignited. His screams
brought his mother, who extinguished
the, flames. The child .was badly
burned and died at 5:30 o'clock last
night. -'• •¦:.--. • ' ¦
Child Burned to Death.
The California. Sugar' and White
Pine Agency. was incorporated yester
day with a capital stock of $1,000,000.
The. directors, who' are well known in
the lumber world and who have each
subscribed $100, the price of one share
of stock, are: G. W. Scott, W. W. Van
Arsdale, E. ; H. Cox, J. F. Condon, G.
X. Wendling, O. C. Haslett, F. W. Sis
son, E. K. Smart, C. E." Tlnkham, Clif
ford Coggins, M. A. Leach, F. F. Sayre,
H. P., Martin. Z. S. Cather, L. Y. Cog
gins, C. T.. Lindsey, F. W. Walden. M.
V. Geagans, E. J. Hummel and F. D.
Madison.
Lumber Company Incorporates.
The. Promotion" Committee's party
included J.W.Kerr, Miss C. Huntinsr
ton, Mr. and Mrs. Scott, John Wood
lock, Maurice Block, C. P. Rixford,
David Sachs, Ellis R. Wales, C. D.
White. Dwight Edwards, S. C. Schee
llne, George Uhl" Jr., Mr. and Mrs.
Nathan,- Emile Reise, Ned Galland, S.
W. Ehman, Ira Wood, Fred A. Gar
rick, Charles D.- Steiger, Mrs. Gerald
ine Frisbi'e, James A. Waymire, R. L.
Toplitz, Mr. Peacock, Mrs. Peacock,
Hamilton Wright, Thomas S. Williams,
H. C. Meyer,- Frank J. Symmn* and
Dr. Benjamin Ide Wheeler.
. . A great time at Modesto is antici
pated- To-day there will be an, ex
cursion to Turlock and- Ceres, leaving
Modesto at 8:30 a. m. The . irrispitic:;
works will .be jjewed- After.;thevre
turn to Modesto ,the excursionists T.'ill
be taken to the Stanislaus River. This
afternoon a barbecue and speeches by
Governor George CPardee, President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, General N..P.
Chipman of -the State; Board of Trade
and many others; will engage atten
tion. ..The State Board . of^Trade party
will arrive in this city, early to-morro-v
morning, taking the Owl train for Mo
desto. : . . .
Parties organized by the California
State Board of Trade and the Califor
nia Promotion" Committee started
from this city for Modesto yesterday
for the purpose of taking part in the
Modesto-Turlock Jubilee to commemo
rate the completion of the great irri
gation system that will bring greater
prosperity to the country it will serve.
,. In the State Board of Trade party,
/which journeyed by special j;ar, were
N. P. Chipman; president" of the
board; Harbor Commissioners Kirk
patrick. Spear and Mackenzie, Lot D.
Norton, .John P. Irish, E. W. Maslin,
C. M. Wooster, Washington Dodge,
Marshall Hale, . Foster Cole, A. H.
Vail, L. W. ' White, Elwood Mead,
Charles Brown, G. F. O. Folte, A. L.
Lundy, ; J. g. Emery and wife, David
Bush, Secretary L. M. , Fletcher, W.^
Chlllingworth and wife and George"^
McDonald.
Parties Organized by State Board of
Trade Will Help Celebrate. •
EXCURSIONISTS FOR MODESTO.
the band ¦ continued with the concert
during the balance of the afternoon.-
Thl? evening there was a magnificent
<lisplay of fireworks, a reception to the
Governor and addresses by local ora
tors, Hon. T. C Hocking being the
chief speaker on behalf of the districts.
The town was brilliantly lighted by
some 2000 electric lights, arranged on
the four principal business blocks of
the city and in the Court House Park.
The Third Artillery Band gave an
open, air concert in the park and a
chorus of Modesto singers, under the
able leaderehlp of Professor J. L Mc-
Auliffe, were the music features of the
opening night-
Dances were held at two halls in the
city and between the several events
there «as- something to entertain all
All day long visitors poured into the
town and by night Modesto was filled
as It had never been before. The city
Is pretty in its green garb and the dec
orator has added much to the general
effect.
MODESTO, April 22.— The irrigation
jubilee , hepa n this afternoon. Three
thousand people assembled in the Court
House Parl: to hear concerts by the
Third Artillery Band, see the aerial
Ilreworks and hear addresses by the
Governor and other notables.
STREET SCICr.'ES IN TIIK COCN'TT SEAT OF STANISLAUS COUNTY. SHOWING HOW THE THOROUGHFARES "HAVE BEEN
DECORATED FOIt THE Jt'niNEE COMMEMORATING THE COMPLETION OF THE 'GREAT MODESTO-TUTtLOCK IRRI
GATION FYSTKil— THE MOST EXTENSIVE PROJECT OF THE KIND IN AMERICA. .
,.S. G. Bennett, assistant to J. B. Lip
pincott, the Government watershed ex
pert, read. a paper on: the storage r of
water, and "a general discussion .fol
lowed. Several j resolutions j relating to*
forest and water preservation were
read and. adopted. . :i
-.The nominating . recom
mended the . following , officers for the ;
ensuing year and they were selected:
President, William H. ¦ Beatty; :^vice
presidents— William Thomas, Arthur. R.
Briggs and J. B. Lippiricott; secretary,
T. C. Friedlander ; . treasurer, F. W.
Dohrmann. The " advisory committee ;
was. continued the same as last year j
with" the exception' of -J.M. Wilson ¦
of. Berkeley, . who died Jsince, the last j
meeting. In his stead ; Charles A. !
Leighton was Selected* After happy
speeches -by W. • H. Mills,' Judge Works
and'other3 the meeting adjourned.
OFFICERS CIIOSEX.
E. T. Perkins of the 'Agricultural De
partment read an,intere8ting<;pftper ori
the irrigation systemsfisf the'polorado.
dwelling especially on;"theypj>erations
at Imperial, a reclalrrielf^, dietrict of
great' productive capacity in the. east
ern end of San DiegolCounty.
J." A. Clausen of Los Angeles followed
with a paper on ; Owen : . Lake, - in , Iny«
Courity, its capacity, evaporation, seep
age ; and waste. He showed that with
proper use this lake would be able. to
make productive thousands of acres
that are now "practically desert. H. E.
Green read a paper on the Sacramento
River and valley, and "Professor Sam
uel. Fortried of the University of Cali
fornia spoke on agriculture, viticulture
and stock raising. .
Professor E. Mead, representative in
California of the forestry department
of the Federal' Bureau [of Agriculture,
told of. the necessity^ of forests io. the
preservation of water sources, ana went
deeply into the defective methods of
irrigation in use In many parts of the
State. He-urged that not only must
the water be saved, but that the farm
ers must be taught, its proper use, so
that it shall not be wasted. His re
marks met with warm responses from
W. H. Mills and Judge Works, who
pointed out Instances where vast sums
had been spent ignorantly and from
.which no profitable . results had been
obtained. - { '
PAPERS ARE READ.
She asked'; the .association^ for aid in
this matter, 'and ..her. plea met with
ready action., -Before the dose of 'the
afternoon session a resbluti6n "was;, in
troduced »by* Judge Works' lot Lbs 7An
geles and -carried, providing ; for com
petent cruisers to ,, be r appointed by the
association ,to value ; the lands in ques
tion and report' back "the -amount ' it
would be proper to pay^ .'The resolu
tion .'also piedgedv"tne,,assc)ciatjon.itb
use'all Its influence..to^secure;ihe3as
sage" by. . Congress ¦ of *^,bill '."appropriat
ing the" necessary /rnoney/'aridw 'setting
aside the big tree grove 'as "a' Govern
ment reserve. " l-/:l -* ' ',.'''' '.'"' -.'.*¦'
W. H. Mills introduced- to -the 'meet
ing a • delegation vpf_, women: fr6m.,,the
California Club, headed by:Mrs.rLbvell
White. 'As sppkes woman -.Mrs.. '.White
told the f delegates'- what' the California
Club had toward trying to'\in-'
duce, the." Federal', Government 'to^ make
a reservation 'Jof^ that 'seotfon of , Cala
veras County \vherein are situated'^the
grove' of _ Sequoia gigantea known' as
the Calaveras . big; "trees. She . said, it
would be necessary to exercise the right
of eminent domain' and V condemn "the
land f^r purchase, as -one of- th~e : own
ers demanded Tan - exorbitant price* >'-for
his holdings. 1 -'* •-/•..• ' . .'
Forest and Water Association was held
yesterday in the rooms of the Cham
ber of Commerce. Delegates from all
sections of the .'State were present and
a large amount of businesF was trans
acted relating to the preservation and
reforesting of ..the timber sections/of
the State and ¦ the conservation of J the
waters that'.flow : from -the mountains
and make California great agricultur
ally.^ ' . ... V-.-: /> - ' ;; !- -'-¦ / '' ...-/'.
Chief Justice William H. Beatty of
the Supreme - Court,' who ¦ is president
of the associatien,' called the meeting
to order/ and read an address review
ing the work. of the and
the legislation which had ;L>een enacted
through its efforts. He suggested that
a commission be named to 'prepare a
bill to be Kubmitted to the vLegisla"
ture, making, provision for . the better
protection- of f- forest and watei'sheds.
The draft of this bill is to be submitted
to the semi-annual meeting of the as
sociation in December, and after it has
been considered" fully every effort will
be made'.'to pass it through the Legis
lature in January.. , * :'¦¦¦'. ? ..^ •
Secretary^T.- Carey. Fr iedlander ' read
a short report ;</f'hi8;ornce, and Treas
urer Frederick W.Dohrniann. made a
statement of the finances of 'the asso
ciation, showing a ,balance""'of $333 07
in the treasury, with no debts. Miss
Marion Walcott acted as assistant sec
retary. ' *'¦ ¦' *• '¦ ¦.'¦¦¦ " :; ". ¦ ; : - '-./''¦
PL,E,\DS FOR BIG TREES. r
The annual meeting of the California
California Club Women Urge
Co-operation in*Reserving
; Calayeras Big Tree Grove
MANY PAPERS ARE READ
With these declarations that he had
not owned a Bllckensderfer; since, the
summer of ,1901, Dimond .was allowed
to rest for the ; day."- Yesterday Heney
canie back to "the disagreeable, subject.
, No. . ..'-¦-'
Mr. Wheeler (Dimond's counsel) — Have you
t:\cr had?. ¦"¦ - ••• — -•
Two or three at • various . times, • but long
before;, when .they first; came out.
Any within the past year or two?
No -I 'do not -.'think- -I ' have "had one here
within the past year, or two.
¦ Mr. Heney— You do not think you have had.
Do you not know? ¦ ¦ \
-I was trylntr to- x think. whether I have had
or not I did have one packed. up that I sold.
I do aot recall now who I sold it to. -
When did you sell the -Bllckensderfer? :
"I think I. sold 'It before I went away.
Mr. Wheeler — Before you went to Washing
ton- at all? "< -
- Yea. Before I went • to Washington at all
I sold It from my other office . in ,_ the Mills
building. ; '¦".-¦• "¦ ;
What make ¦vfas that?
That was a Blickensderf er. . a little one:
one of the little small ones that can be used
in traveling ¦-. /
* Did you brlnp that machine back with you?
No; I left it in Washington. • • •
Why did' you want a Bllckensderfer?
Merely because it was light and convenient
in ease I : wanted to take It to and from the
office to mv. home. . , - ¦• . ¦ ,
You have no Bllckensderfer here at all?
j I got one down on F street. _ I rented It
first and then they said they would let the
rent go toward payment -of the machine and
I took it. -
' Did you purchase a machine while you were
in Washington?
/-Heney said he certainly did, and Di
mond' passionately; repudiated the pos
sibility of euch a thing. ; For a time
the watchful Government lawyer per
mitted Dimond to forget the uncom
fortable : topic, but later in the day
he brought him back to" it with an in
nocent-looking; question / about his stay
in Washington, where ' he had desk
room in the ; office of Brltton & Gray.
Here is what was, said:
Mr Heney — What kind of a machine did you
have' when you were in Britton-ft Gray's of
1 had an Oliver and the clerk had .a Blick
ersderfer. I think the last time «I was on
there they had a. Bllckensderfer In the office
that I personally used once or twice and dic
tated to.
When was that?
December, 1902.
JUST ALJTTIiE OXE.
. 4 Have you none . at your home? . - •
N6ne. I used an Oliver in Washington. My
eirt used an Oliver- and Mr.". Browne's
used >a Blickensderf er. - Do you mean to say,
Mn- Heney, that, those letters emanated from
my office T . ' ¦ ... . ¦ . ; ' ' . ¦¦
' 'The °*mairi ; achievement of the day
was, of, course, the" forcing of Dimond's
(admission- that , he owned a typewriter
of;'- the ¦ style used in writing the
anonymous letters. The witness battled
longhand' stubboVnly with i Heney over
this/subject and changed his declara
tions'several times. When first interro
'gated. upon the matter, ; on Thursday
morning, the following testimony had
been ''given Ci
' .QueEtion" by Mr. Heney— What make of type
"wrlter* have you? A.— Remington- :
.¦ How ¦ long have . you had a Remington?
- Kver" since I opened my office.
' Have you only one typewriting machine?.
Henry P. Dlmorid, one of the defend
ants in the land frauds case, was yes
terday driven by Government cross
examination to contradict Important
testimony, given bylhim the day before.
It is agreed. by experts and* conceded
by Dimond that these anonymous'let
ters were*writte.n)on* a ;Blickensderfer
typewriter. 'JOn , Thursday,. Dimond~as
serted ; that ;. the ; last > machine of "this
make he ever owned had been sold— he
could . hot recall \ to whom— prior to his
going to Waehlngton^for Hyde"; in the
summer; nf 1901: Yesterday this - state
ment gave place" to : the admission ¦ that
he had. owned,' kept In his-: office, and
used such a niachine during the very
t ime ' the ; anonymous ' letters were sent
through < the mails, "namely, - between
August, 1903, and January, 1904. ' ¦ r "
' The ' question*, ; "Who wrote " the
anonymous letters?" now overshadows
all others raised in' the preliminary ex
amination- of 'Hyde :and ' Dimond. r
The ; atmosphere 'of the- case lias be
come so '. laden -with" electricity that a
«torm is liable' at any .moment to break
out openly between; Dimond arid Hyde.
Persons : in " the courtroom - yesterday
after \ the .session closed \ had a sugges
tion' of ' what might : - occur when they
saw; Dimond attempt g a conversation
with "the millionaire' land speculator.
With clenched fist, Hyde waved the
lawyer away ; and refused to hear a
word. from him. :
- The ¦- anonymous letters . occupied
much of ;yesterday's session. The sec
ond communication sent to Government
Detective Burns was read in evidence,
and: its authorship duly denied by';D1
mond. canvassing this preg
nant subject "thoroughly Heney took up
once more the' witness' attempts^to
shield Hyde from Government investi
gation, even after he had refused long
er to act 'as Hyde's attorney. The aim
of the prosecution was to force admis
sibns*tHat Dimond then' knew; Hyde
was guilty of unlawful practices. To
this end- Dimond's letter of January. 22,
1903, -, one of the most important docu
ments in. the Government case, '.was
used as the basis of an extended exam-
inatlon.-'under which the. witness mani
fested : - :
•r " DIMOXD'S EXTAXGLEMEXT." '-
Anihpuror more was spent In -ques
tions about DImond's, efforts to shield
Hyde: from, the investigation started
by. the Interior Department.. These
questions ranged over^the witness* visit
to. the defendant,. Schneider, at Tucson;
his letters' to Hyde from Washington
denouncing the latter's admissions that
he-had used, irresponsible persons *in
acquiring school lands and his alleged
retirement * : from . Hyde's service on
March 1, 1903.
Most of ftll, the witness was grilled
about his letter to Hyde dated Wash
ington, January 22, , 1903, which, Heney
contended, showed a full knowledge of
Hyde's speculative methods. ,
The crcss-examlnataion of Dinlond
will continue on Monday morning.
i .Then earner the other anonymous let
ter—one Detective Burns had re
ceived in answer to a second advertise
ment in the Chronicle on : ' January 10,
1904. 'The detective had asked his un
known "correspondent for "the" names
of all the parties you think have been
tampered with at the land office."; In
reply to this advertisement Burns got
the" following: letter, postmarked "San
Francisco, January 24,' 1804":
I 'have at" !asf found out the name 'of the
man") who can convict " Hyde, fj. 1 J. Barnes of
ther General .Land Office haa been In his
monthly t oay since. 1897. . He has given Hyde
advance I information on all i the State indem
nity selections, has followed Hyde's instruc
tions .and ¦. taken up such clear lists as he
wanted." 'He has written him the "news" reg
ularly for years. You ¦¦ can force a confession
frcm him If. you press, him. \ > . .
Ask him where the money Came from that
raid fcr Ws house. - .Tell him that you have
one of his letters - dated J. He will confess.
And so will Hyde; If you send, a "special" to
him and tell -him 'Barnes has made a clean
confession of . the : whole thine. Hyde is
nearly crazy wfth feftr. If you strike now you
have him. ,- - ' ' ¦ . .
¦I- will have -the,, names of the local officers
soon.-.,.;-.- '¦~7;. 1 \::£.)-- s i :..¦:". TRITTH.
and the ' inquisition was long and re
lentless. After repeating: his former
statement that the anonymous letters
were evidently the product of a Blick
ensderferymachine, Dimond . testified as
follows:
• Mr. Heney — Did you have a tjrpewrlter when
you entered Hyde's office In June, 1901?
Te». I took a -small typewriter from my
office in the Mills -building to Hyde's office.
What kind of a typewriter?
A small Blickensderfer. "When. I ; left for
Washington I packed It up and. left It there
until my return In 1902. Darin? the mmmer
of 1002 I used It occasionally. It was still at
Hyde'a office when I got back from -Washing
ton early in 1903. During my absence It bad
been locked up In my desk at Hyde's Office.
What became of it? ¦Jg-SK'HfiSiiS
I sold It.
When? . ...
When I - took my present offices. I then
bought a Remington and turned the othei; ma
chine in as part payment. This was In March.
1903.
DI3IOND OWNS. UP.
(After a pause.) ." So you have' never had a
BHcfcensderfer,- typewriter' In your office since
1 March. 1903?, ... •
I . Well. .Mr. Talt.who rent* office room from
me and has a'desk in my office, had a No. 0
Bllckensderfer ' there.
When did Mr. Tait get this machine?
.; I don't know 'Just, when he grot It.- . *
Do you know where or from whom be
: got It? ~ . ' •¦ - • ¦'."." .;
,\ He. bought 'It- from me. •
He bought It from you? .
- Yes. . I got it at the same time I cot the
Remington.. . ". ~*;". •''-.'
¦ But you Just now said " you exchanged your
small Bllcken8derfer for a Remington. . !
Well, but I didn't say I did not also ret a
Bllnkensderfer.' ' .
How ions- and where .did you keep this last
Slickcnsderfer? ' -.
It remained in my office until I sold It to
Tait. ! This was several months ago. I cannot
say just exactly when.'- _ V
'What became of It then?.' -> '
It remained In my -office for a time — Tait
kept It there : for a little : while, but finally
took it over to his home in Alameda.
When did- he doMhat? .'-
" ; A j month * or six | weeks ago. . -;"
Did you not ' aay _' yesterday that* you had ¦
not had a Bllckensderfer since before you went
to Washington in 1901 ?. .
•No. ,1 don't think X did. You know that I
was the first person to suggest that these let.
"ters were written on -a Bllckensderfer.
You think - that you were the first person to
discover that? ' "
>-Yes: ¦ • -- • -i •. j-V-:
Well, don't fool yourself.- .
PliAX.TO TRAP HYDE.
Association;for'tlie^Preserva
tion of Timber and AVater
Discuss Their Protection
Admits He JDwned Typewriter of Style
Used in Anonymous Letter^
Against His Former Client, F. A. Hyde
FOREST LOVERS
HOLD MEETING
DIMOND CONTRADICTS
HIS FORMER TESTIMONY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,^SATURDAY. APRIL 23, 1901.
City of the Plains in Garland Attire Gives Hearty Welcome to the
Hundreds of Strangers Who Go to See the Results of Irriga
tion—Addresses Are Given by Governor and Local Orators
ENTHUSIASM AT MODESTO MARKS
OPENING OF IRRIGATION JUBILEE
"Have something" is boo<1. have a little /'Old
Gilt Edgre whiskey" Is better — puts. the Vrlght
cdre 1 .' on your, hospitality. .• Wlchman, Lutgen
a Co:, s* ¦ -¦•-- *v.
' . .The ?Board' of Works ; yesterday j ad-;
vised the Supervisors j that the; lighting
iof f exit f lamps'". ln> theatera' by 'an.-, inde
pendent felrciiltVof, 'electricity,* is > pref
erable i to nighting i by ; olL^and s equally
safe, -provided '•- the proper , safeguards
be employed. " : ; r .-> , ; .
Liighting: of Kxit • I>amps.
4
I FREE FREE
TO WANT ADVERTISERS
In next SUNDAY'S CALJj.
WALKER'S
SELF- PULLING CORKSCREW.
(Patented.)
Yon cet one . of these useful
articles free \ bjv brinjrlng your ¦
"Want Ads? to Tlie Call for in-
sertion in NEXT SUNDAY'S isi
sue of . Greater ; San Francisco's
, Greatest Paper. .
DR. PIERCE'S EEHEDIZS.
Ba&g Cesis Too RfacQ
W*hen the price paid is the mother's
health and happiness. The father
doesn't realize as he romps with the
child what years of wifely suffering
oust be set against the baby's laughter.
Chronic inrslidism is a high price to
pay for the peinfui joy of maternity, yet
it is at Each a. cost that many a wosian
becomes a mother. Such a price is too
¦ mucli because
r '35 P ai . nlcss » aa ° a
WHSt^tmwCKSSNSpSB&ti «B oc y •«<* wish I
Prescription,"
'writes Mrs. Wesley Oar. of Keisptvilie. Ont.,
Box 6. ¦ For ciyht years after my little boy was
born I suffered with female weakness, also sore*
-ness in ovaries, especially on my right side, and
pain In bacV. Was go nuserable soiaetimes did
not know what I was goisr to do. Tried several
doctors but derived no benefit until I began
usint Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. Bad
only used four bottles, also some of Dr. Pierce's
Antiseptic and Healing- Suppositories, when I
felt like, another person.: I recommend Or.
rierce's medicines to all my friends. If anyone
withes to write me I wiU gladly answer."
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription con-
tains no alcohol and is entirely free from
opium, cocaine and all other narcotics.
The dealer who offers a substitute for
"FaVorite prescription " does so to gain
the little more profit paid on the sale of
less meritorious medicines. * His profit
-is your loss; therefore, accept no sub-
atknte.- • > ¦¦ ¦
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate
- •_ • ' «j - ¦tjfaiMfrinMaiTll^iBsssssssyysssssss'sssssssssssssssstTflsTsl tsffssssrtsssf
LuC DOWC-Ifi_ . *.»•.. . ... .,
•ss» \r sm m w* vta«
J&( '"¦''. Materials: — One quart diced jn&X. •
; s^^jKSasV /° .cooked meat, one pint boiled diced . J>( j^j -
potatoes, two sliced minced bacon,
~--^>^^^T__j0^ brown gravy, salt, pepper, plain ei|&J
Lea & Perrins 9
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE
>iSc^SOIling !-— ¦Beafsteak pie; often: seems lacking in piquancy. ¦- ,The
finishing touch, is given by 'mixing with the
. tablespoonfuls of» Lea C& Perrina' Sauce. ; Whenwcll baked ind ?;
. served piping hot it wiirbc pronounced perfect. ,
.. . ... , . JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS," Agenti,* NEW. YORK. '' '
LtrfiOiflll -
¦¦¦¦¦.¦¦sV ¦ ¦ V
DOCTORS
' THE COUNTRY^ OVER- WHO. KNOW
OF ITS HARVELOUS VIRTUES
PRESCRIBE
j PAW^PAW
¦ R^> u fii ¦
; If fc'**jW Efn B a
Dr. Pranlt P. Martha, a ZTew ¦York phy-
sician of great prominence, says: "I can-
not speak, too highly of Munyoa's>-Paw-
I Paw as a remedy which I successfully
! use and prescribe. I consider.it nature's
; own - remedy for all stomach and nenre
ailments." • - • ¦--. .¦¦ . * ...
" 2>. A. Catf ord, a leadiag- Phlladalphla '
Chemist, says: "Less than two bottles
of your Paw-Paw cured me of a severe
case of Gastritis, since which time 1
have analyzed the preparation and find It
a combination of curatives and sedatives
second to none."
Dr. Thomas C. Carter, Washing-ton, X>.
C, one of the distinguished physicians in
attendance on the late Senator Hanna,
says: "I have used and -am now using
Munyon's Paw-Paw and find it a most
effective Pepsin tonic. I successfully
prescribe it in cases of severe nervous-- '
ness, indigestion and stomach trouble."
Munyon'i Paw-Paw Tonic* Larsre hot
tie SI .00. Paw-Paw Laxative Pills, tb
hast stomach and liver villa known, 8c
a bottle. At all drnnrlats'.
¦
| My Choice and YourSj ;
j if • you want first-class laundry
I workj is the. United States Laun-
dry. , We. do not ruin your! gar-
. ments with chemicals, and we do
¦not tear them in handling. We
! give .you a. color that is irnrnacu-
i late and a finish that is exquisite.
When/you want artistic laundry
; work go to -
UNITED STATES LAUNDDY,
1004 KAEKET STREET.
Telephone South 420.
- kCKcaaacA no nuKiat bischakm*
n^jPl k «sl V - R if j l3^ei
COL "S bV K Bf tLB JBL^
¦ i r . ' fl|PJ . Sa < sflk.^^^^^
yj&_M M Mat S3 K2 RHyi WhLt
; a cure , : is *8 nouna. '
::: 4Wtf^ : Wp™>ii
fW^§lW^\\\ft u lateretted and should know
®te"« Whirling Spray
'^V?J^'^«- '- ««t-Mft«» Convenient.
¦ • tta — M —j* % ? MMtt T-
It he cannot inpply th* V frS^'7}!^?Z^-7f^~'
MAIIVM.. accept no N^^t ' '%tP>-v^.
othfr, but send stump for • ¦_ i 'S© k ." ' r^/V'//.\ ,
Illustrated book- »»il«l. It atres Vl / "Wj/
¦ full particular* and direction^ In- «V # 'M
-¦ r Ala-Able to l»dle* : M .% II V v.l, CO.^KJn w
¦ 41 Park Kow. Hew York. ; --. ia~i2:^\W
161t New Montgomery. San Francisco. C'al.
W llllam Hattercth (Ladles*.' Dept.), ; 224 ¦ Snttet
Union Drug Co.,214 Kearny & Van Ness A Mkt
OskooJ Brothers... 7th and Broadway. Oakland
i Baldwin Pharmacy. ; ...'.... . . ,v. ...*.. .119 emuCOFFEY APPOINTS ROBINSON. — Charles
W. Kcbtrsnn was appointed special adminis
trator of tb» rntate or <^roline Hc*>in»on. his
mmher, by Judge Coffey yesterday. The ap
pointment was opposed by the Hibrnla Hank.
which claimed that Hobinson was unfit to have
<are of the estate.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announce? an examina
tion on May 11 to securejeligibles from
which to make certification to fill a
vacancy in the position of diemaker
(male), schdule D, in the mint and
assay service at Philadelphia. Pa., and
other similar vacancies as they may
occur. Age limit, 20 years or over.
Apply to the United States Civil Ser
vice Commission, Washington, D. C-.
•r to the secretary of the local board
of examiners, 301 Jackson street, San
Francisco, for application form 1093,
which should be properly executed
and filed with the commission at
Washington. In applying for this ex
amination the exact title as given
herein should be used in the applica
tion. . .
I)ioma!icrs Wanted.
Harriman has Jong appreciated the
futility of struggling alorfg with a
burdensome Indebtedness and has been
striving j to find a way ,to reduce his
interest obligations to 5 or, 4 per cent.
He has found financial, sources for ac
quiring the necessary funds for re
funding the old bonded • indebtedness/
but 'to make the scheme; 'effective It
would be necessary to ) merge the lines,
a feat he cannot, perform, with such
stringent laws as exist in Texas 5 con
fronting his . great project. ¦¦¦ It is, this
problem of law that he is now studying,
and. while awaiting a. solution "¦¦he has
brought to the West ', the mVn that have
assured him financial support.*
":' Robert '^Goelet; although/ a : young
man, "was j made • one of the party, be
cause he-?is ;in "control; of i many mil
lions of dollars, which are- ready for
good investments, and because he takes
deep interest in railroads. 'Accompany
ing Goelet is his -uncle, : Whitney War
ren,' who is ¦&'¦ railroad architect. ': J. N.
Hill, r the; son of . the man; who Is fight
ing Harrimari in ; the Northern Securi
ties cask, is one of the Harriman party
for the ( purpose of seeing the Western
country south ; of "the territory con
trolled by the ; Hill lines.' •• That he
should be a guest of Harriman, while
the latter Is fighting his -father . in , the
courts,' seems to surprise no one con
nected-with the. Harriman -party. ¦ One
of .the latter, g discussing 'the ¦ matter
last evening, said: ;•
"; "While the prominent 'i financiers of
the East "are . continually T, battling, In
the courts . with one another this fact
never,' alters their social- : relations.
Legal means are their only 'sources of
settling big questions. The majority of
these' men handle large -surns of other
people's ' r money, * and ¦• the : decision^ of : a
courts clears' themfof any i responsibility
that-might accrue) to theiri* were they
to - undertake .- to, adjust ; differences of
magnitude in a > private ; manner^ Fre
quently ' during * our Journey ; westward
Harrimari 'arid young Hill : have' talked
of , the v business ,- troubles % between the
former/ and ' ; the ; : ' : - latter's ' father, . but
.without '¦ the ' slightest : show of . ill feel
ing." '¦ .¦ ¦¦¦ [ l. : '.'.r: '\ ' [ [ -:'r\--}- ' ;-'-.
, ;'Orie, of , the? first to ' greet-; President
Stillman :. on '•* his f arrival y here, yestef
dayiwas his son, j who^ after 'V marriage
duce his interest obligations to a 5 per
cent basis. It was his life-long, boast
that he never defaulted, and' when all
the roads west -of the Missouri River
were put in the hands of. a receiver
he scurried around for money to keep
his interest naid, and even went so far
as to pledge his personal interests.
BIG LEGAL PROBLEM.
In his party are the men or. the rep
resentatives of the men j or ; Institutions
from . which Harriman secures 'the
funds with which to finance his under
takings. "'• James Stillman is ¦ president
of the National 'City/ Bank of New
York, which , Is s the : depository ¦" of '¦ the
millions of John D. Rockefeller, who is
an ; Important factor' in the financing
of tne Harriman lines.* iW.jG.' Rockefel
ler, is a son of ; William Rockefeller, Vwho
al^o owns large blocks* of railroad stock
and bonds, .arid Caspar ' Farrer/ is the
American representative ,'¦- of Baring
Brothers & ,Co; of • London, " who repre
sented ', the [ English \ atockholders r t in j the
Central \ Pacific : Company^ and '¦ are sup
posed to have received a large block of
President Harriman- expects ;" to . re
main here for several days, during which
he wlll'inspect with his v friends. the ter
minals on this side of the bay arid" in
Oakland, "and. expects to proceed East
by way of Ogden in /order to take a
look, at the Lucin cut-off, 1 -' which has
lately been giving -his engineering de
partment no end of trouble." The I com
ing '' of President . Harrimari, accompa-'
nied by his distinguished 'party of fin
anciers, is regarded by ; local financial
men and also., by those of the East as
very significant. ¦:. . . . •
• PLANNING TO REFUND.
During his last visit to San Francisco
President Harriman called into his
presence at the railroad building a
number of the department chiefs and
informed them that it would thereafter
be a rule of the company that, no' of
ficial of the road should either deny, or
affirm reports concerning, the corpora
tion if approached by outsiders, par
ticularly newspaper reporters. Appar
ently the head of the road has deter
mined to set an example for his em
ployes, for he strictly applied this rule
to his interview yesterday ;and ; dodged
around a dozen ¦ questions on ¦ the iplea
of absolute ignorance. He hadn't heard
a word about the reported sale .of the
North Shore road to his concern, was
equally lacking In, news regarding
changes in the operating and .traffic
departments of his railroad systems'
and had been too busy in New York to
think of any future changes along his
lines. • £?;':•¦ ££<5C ; ---''; ; ; *'
"My fellow citizens of Orange Coun
ty wanted me, to go to the convention
as a delegate, but. I don't see anything
astonishing in that, do you?" he re
marked. "If there was any fight over
it I have not heard of it, and it has
not been bothering meone way or the
other." . •
VISIT A SIGNIFICANT ONE.
Prfcjs.u<i.«. jcuatmilln naa never gained
the reputation of being a great talker,
especially to newspaper representa
tives, and he is not endeavoring to
improve his reputation in this, respect
on this trip. When questioned regard-
Ing his recent row with James J. Hill
over the Northern Securities Company,
he looked steadily into the reporter's
face as he replied that he had been
giving little attention to "the matter."
He later remarked, however, that it
was before the courts, and for that
reason he would not like to discuss it,
"even if he had been keeping track
of it."
Upon the subject of politics Mr. Har
riman was equally recticent.
. It is less than ten days ago that the
telegraph columns were filled with sto
ries from New Ycrlz concerning a pro
ject to send him as a delegate to the
Republican National Convention from
Orange County. It was said that the
railroad magnate, like many, other
Eastern financiers, was angered ,, at
President Roosevelt's stand in the rail
road merger case, that he had sought
the nomination as a delegate' to the
national convention with a view of
joining forces with any faction that
might oppose the nomination of Roose
velt. When asked yesterday for a
statement t on this subject, Mr. Harri
man quickly replied, that he "had seen
something- of the sort in the papers."
but he did not know where they had
got hold of the story.
RETICENT ABOUT IIILLu
Stubbs, Assistant Traffic Director E.
O. McCormick, General Manager
Charles Markham of the Sc-uthern Pa
cific Company, Charles S. Fee, passen
ger traffic manager; Joseph Sproule,
freight traffic manager, and others,
who accompanied their chief up the
coast to this city. The first mentioned
members of y the party spent several
hours at Monterey yesterday, while
Mr. Harriman, accompanied by Direc
tor of Maintenance ana Operations
Kruttschnitt and other officials of his
roads, proceeded to this city, which
.they reached early in the morning, the
magnate's financial friends following
later in the afternoon. He said:
My present visit to the V.'est is simply to
look over the various properties in which I
am Interested, end on this trip I have been
joined by «wme of my friends. A number of
the latter have not b«?«ij this far west for
many years, and quickly accepted the Invita
tion to come alone with me. Some of these
gentlemen are, as- you know, identified with
the lance -railroad Interests of the country,
1 including the lines with which I am personally
connected, and v.-hi;.. they have been Beeklng
: ss much pleasure as the trip would afford
: they have at the came time been carefully
j looking; over the different properties as they
i traviV ~f. *,-„¦,* t n ,v« ,.<tv_ -
Of cplejxSId weather for the excursion to Vklan
en -the California Northwestern' Railway Sun
day, "April 24. 19M. Fare lor the round trip
<r!y $2.. TioKcts are now on sale at C.V) Mar-
Hrt street. Chronicle buSltflng. and at Tlburon
ferry, j-rave Tlburon frrry at 8:30 a. m., and
en the return Ir-ave l*k!ah at T> p. m. •
Every Indication
PRESIDENT OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, HIS DIRECTOH OF MAINTENANCE AND OPERATIONS AND THE
HEAD OF THE NATIONAL, CITY BANK OF NEW YORK CITY, WHO IS ASSISTING ¦ THE SHREWD RAILWAY MAG
NATE IN MANY OF HIS GIGANTIC PROJECTS. , ' . , :
that displeased his father some months
ago, came to this city with his bride
and accepted^employment as a clerk ! in
the.officfe of B. A. Worthington of the
Southern Pacific Company. > v-' ¦
The Harriman party came West in a
3uperb -train of. seven cars. The
younger members of the party brought
automobiles and golf sticks and have
availed themselves of every opportu
nity to enjoy an' outing during the
"progress of the trip..
NEW YORK, Aoril 22.— John J.
Healy, who was arrested In Chicago
\at the request'of the New York po
fr^e. Is wanted in this city for the
airbed larceny of $8000^on Septem
ber^7, 1902, from the Central Alas
kan Exploration Company. Antici
pating efforts to fight extradition, the
officers hero : have ; wired full informa
tion regrardlng: thrf case to Chicago.
Henly Wanted in New York.
WASHINGTON,; April ¦ 22.— A '. thor
ough review of Mormon interference in
political affairs in: Utah- was; given to
day by Judge O. W. Powers, the -only
witness- before the Senate -Committee
on ' Privileges and Elections; in the in
vestigation ; of the' protest against Sen
ator Smoot. Several times efforts. were
made by counsel for- the) defense to
show, that his story was based on 'hear-'
say.v but the, attempts were/met with
an f: array of ' facts taken 'from 'signed
statements of members of /the
documents V which' are »a /part-; of- the
records' of rthe State, affidavits" of -per
sons .'( present at . various places .where
the , church | influence was ¦ manifested
and other evidence.
Among other, matters of Utah history
recounted' by. Judge Pow'ers was the re
convened - Democratic ¦ convention on
October 22,, 1895, when the question of
retaining its ticket in the, field or with
drawing , the', ticket * and , the
admission of Utah as -a .State was
raised. Judge, Powers spoke of Thatch
er's candidacy for the' Senate, and said
that four; days after Thatcher an
nounced, on a platform that he was op
posed to church interference in politics
he was'deposed- as an apostle. After
his defeat an effort .was "made to br<ng
about, an investigation by .the Legisla
ture of the charge- that the defeat was
accomplished by the ecclesiastical in
terference ! in the • election. Thi^ effort
was unsuccessful, and according to the
witness Thatcher was made to recant
his "antagonistic; view, of inter
ference. _ : " ' \.'j I :
The witness also told of two teachers
in Mormon churches and scHbols being
deposed' from, their .ecclesiastical au
thority because their political prefer
ences were, not approved by the' church
and . Nicol Hood, .who wrote a- .letter,
adversely "criticizing ' the . election/ of
Reed, Smoot ;' to the Senate 'on the,
ground that ; high church authorities
should not accept such positions. . ;
" The., committee adjourned until to-'
moVrow. '
Callfornians in-New York.
NEW YORK. April 22.— The. fol
lowing Calif ornians have arrived:
From: Sim Francisco — R. Camp, at
the Eroadway Central; E. C. Holmes
and wife, at "the /Savoy; Miss M. J.
Josslyn, at the Park Avenue; A. Mack
and wife, at the Netherland; "C.
Thompson, at !the Grand Union.
DR. BRENNAN REFUSES TO ANSWER. —
Proc«eedlnK» ¦ were commenced yenterday to
compel | Dr. : Thomaa | F. Brennan to . answer
certain question* concerning the money of
Father P. 'J.' Grey, which Brennan is alleged
to be withholding from the priest. According
to the affidavit filed by Father Grey's attorney
Brennan' refused, to answer certain questions
put to 1 him by Court Commissioner Thomas
Mulvey. who .was -deputized to take his testi
mony. * '•/¦
FORM VINEYARD COMPANY.— The Amer
ican Vineyard Company of California was in
corporated yesterday with a caoital stock of
$2r.0,000. The directors are W. R. Nuttins, R. .1.
Orozco, E. O. Allen. Oliver Dibble and P. P.
Nuttln«r. The | directors have each subscribed
$100, the value of one share of stock.
| WASHINGTON, April 22.— The gen
eral deficiency appropriation bill occu
pied most ; of. the Senate's time, but
before it .was taken up Senator Gal
linger spoke "at some length on the
tariff policy of the Republican party.
While the reading of the deficiency bill
was in .progress Cullbfn spoke on the
Chinese exclusion bill. J., During the day
the attention of the Senate was brought
to the- amendment, of the House to
the bill for the government of the canal
zone,'- and ; some embarrassment was
created by naming . Gorman as Demo
cratic' conferee on behalf, of the Senate
in place] of Morgan, who is the senior
Democratic member of the Committee
on Interoceanic Canals, with the re
sult that both Senators declined to
serve.': .¦.:.'- ' . ¦ ;, -•¦< '.; ¦¦ / ¦
Senator Cullom discussed at some
length the* provision for the regulation
of Chinese exclusion, explaining pre
vious laws andithe treaties bearing on
the 1 question. He expressed the. opin
ion that thedenouncemeht of the treaty
of 1894 v would' have the effect of re
viving the treaty of 1880, and said that
the latter treaty modifies the treaty
oft.1868. Discussing the act of 1902, he
said that the exception made in that
law^ in favor of treaty obligations had
reference to the 'treaty of 1894, which
was -the "only" treaty^ bearing on Chi
nese immigration ; then In force. He
thought it "desirable that, there should
be a specific re-enactment of former
Chinese- exclusion .laws. 'He therefore
would favor the>etention 'of such por
tion of the House provision as would
accomplish .this result. Later Cullom
formally offered an amendment to
strike out the major portion of * the
Chinese exclusion provision. .
Senator Lodge also offered. an amend
ment excluding Chinese v and other
aliens whose emigration is enpouraged
by agreement with any transportation
company. "
The reading of the bill being com
pleted the Senate adjourned.
Confusion Follows the Nam
ing of Gorman as Conferee
and He Refuses to l Serve
Tells HowUpostle^Tlmtcher,
Deposed; on Account
o#Stin(l : JIe Took in 1805
SOLON DECLINES HONORS
QUOTES ; STATE -EECORDS
E. H. Harriman, president of the
Harriman lines, and the members cf
his party— which includes James Still
man, W. G. Rockefeller, Robert Gcelet.
Whitney Warren. James N. Hill, W.
V. S. Thome, Caspar Farrer and Ju
lius Kruttschnitt— arrived from South
ern California yesterday and are stay
ing at the Palace Hotel. The party
was met In Los Angeles by a number
cf prominent Harriman line officials,
among them Traffic Director J. C.
Southern Pacific stock when the read
justment- occurred.; - A . , .
It' is generally believed that. Harri
man-isplanning-a-btg refunding propo
sition, under which he contemplates
taking up and retiring old bonds and
thereby saving | millions in interest an
nually.': Some of the, old issue of bonds
on the Texas roads are; paying interest
at the rate of 7 per cent,^ and In
fornia the. company is paying as high
as 7 and 6 per' cent. Collls P. Hunting
ton during his last years tried j to re-
Senator Cnllom Explains to
Senate Relative Merits of
Old and New Enactments
President cf Big Railroad System of Lines Arrives With His Party,
in Which the Son of His Rival in- Western' Transportation
Is Traveling as Special Guest of the SbuthVrnviP^cificvMagnate
" Cap«tin John J. Bradley, Four
teenth Infantry; Colonel Henry Wy
gant. Twenty-second Infantry; Lieu
tenant E. L. Rains, Twenty-fourth In
fitntry, and Lieutenant O. G. Brown,
medical " department, called on Gen
eral MacArthur yesterday.
The papers in the case of Lieuten
ant Frederick B. Neilson have been
reviewed by Major Henry M. Morrow
and were yesterday returned to Gen
eral MacArthur. The announcement
cf the ccurt-martial's decision will
probably be made public in a few
ceys. .
ant at Fort Alcatraz, states that the
Fertry that fired upon Chris Schmid
and party last Sunday has been rep
rimanded. Schmid and his friends
were iiassing the island on a launch
trhejj without warning or provocation
They were fired at by the sentry on
.ru.'ird. A complaint xvpA made and
Major Paxton made an investigation.
It appears that according to an order
of th«» United States Government no
person or craft Is permitted to ap
proach Alcatraz Island nearer than
200 feet without making a signal to
the sentry of their intention to ap
proach. There is, however, no notice
on or about the island to this effect
for the public's information. In the
case in question Schmid's party was
railing by the island and distant from
it about 150 feet when the sentry fired
across the bow of the launch and then
fir«»d directly at it. That the bullet
<iid not strike the boat or occupants
is a miracle. The present orders have
been modified to the extent that in
future sentries are to use common
sense when they see people of well
intent Bailing past the island. Major
Paxton is gTeatly annoyed over the
circumstance.
The army appropriation bill In the
present session of Congress provides
for enlisted strength of the signal
corps to be as follows:
Thirty-six master fignal electri
«:ans. .pay per month at home 575,
abroad 590: 1S2 .first-class sergeants,
poy per month at home $4 5, abroad
$54: 144 scrgcant*. pay per month at
home $34, abroad $40 SO; 156 corpo
rals, pay per month at home $20.
r.broad $24; 552 firrt -class privates,
l>i»y per month at home $17. abroad
$20; 15S privates, pay per month ,at
home $13. abroad $15 60; 24 cooks,
pay per month at home $20, abroad
$24.
In addition to th«? above mentioned
compensation each enlisted man re
ceives rations, clothing, quarters and
medical attendance free. There ", is
rIso an increase in nay after three
years' service has been comp! ?d.
Major Alexis R. Paston, command-
This bill provides for an increase of
*<?00 men over the present strength.
Tljese vacancies will be filled by en
listments and transfers from the line.
The Fig-nal corps is non- the most
d»s=irabl? branch of th<» service, as it
affords an opportunity to acquire a
uood working knowledge of the use
of electrical instruments and practical
electricity in general.
Th<? new bill Increasing: the enlist
ed strength of the signal corps of th»
United States army offers good
chances for bright, intelligent youns:
men who wish to ent»r th« service.
«
Sentry on Alcatraz Island
Who Fired on the Sclmiid
Party Is Called to Account
• » "
KECEIVKS A EEPKIMAND
Strengtb of This Department
of Yiu\t Snnrs Army Is to
Be Materially Increased
NEW BILL AIDS
SIGNAL CORPS
TALKS ABOUT
EXCLUSION LAW
POWERS TALKS
ABOUT MORMONS
HARRIMAN IS SHOWING HIS ROADS
TO NOTED FINANCIERS OF THE EAST
Despite Gquhsel- s Protest
Jurist Gives Beisume of
Political- History of Utah
THE .;; SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, SATURDAY,^APRTL 23, 1904.
5
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
TSS J2EAX CAUSE.
The Ancient Scalp-Fever Theory Ex-
ploded.
At one time dandruff was attributed to
th" result of a feverish condition of th«
hc;. I j». which threw oft the dried cuticle
in scales'.
Professor Unna. Hamburg, Germany,
noted authority on skin diseases, ex-
plndcs this theory and says that dandruff
is :i fferrn disease.
This jrerni i* really responsible for the
dandruff and for so many bald heads. It
can be cured If It Is gone about in the
riBht ' way. The r!g:ht way. of course,
and the only v.ay. is to kill the jjerm.
Newbro'H Hcrpiclde <Joe« this and per-
mits the hair to grow luxuriantly. Just
as nature intended it should.
; Sold by leading: druppixts. Send 10c in
•stamp* for sample to The Herpiclde Co.,
Detroit, Mich. • ¦
TOOTH POWDER
77. ?rs Is no Besvty
that can eland the disfigurement of tad
teeth. Take care of your Ueth. . Only
one -way—
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
I Three hours only---7 .o'clock: till io— ' ; S
1 to introduce the new .quarter M
1 .drapery dejpartment;^Most sensational^ I
1 curtain event ever heard 6£ ' Nottin^ B
¦ ham curtainSj.two and; a-half yards long/ 1
I and thirty inches wide. *N6; more than i
1 ' 'i ffbiir Jpairs^ill^isbldftOjany^one/biiyer B
1 -and no telephone orders, honored.^ |
; : ; Think^of it— only two; bits the- pair!. i
I Q=»7 to 977 Market Street :M
;^-- 7 -OCEAN TRAVEL.
y^eXC c5\S. steamers leave Broadwaj
— "^Sf\' w>1 arv-9. piers 0 . and 11,
Afl^cL \«f>\ 'San Francisco.
It V*^^Ei \**1 For K»trh!kan. Wraps'!.
I I \W**JL I 1 Jllr ' e ' | u. Halni-5.. Skacrway.
\ V V*«*!a/ j ¦•'tc Alaska — 11 a. m.. Apr.
W. « JO'/ 25 - W. May 5. Change to
• \y^- -4***/ Company's steamers at Se-
i attle.
_, For Victoria, Vancouver.
Fort Towr.sfnd. Seattle. Tacorca. Kverett. Bel-
llnKnam — \\ a . m., A?r. 25. 30 May 5.
Change at. Seattle to this company's steanr.-rs
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma tp N. P; Rt.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
P. m. Apr. 22. 28, May 4. Spokane. 1 :30 p. ra..
Apr. 25, May 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los An«e!es and
•Kertondo). San D!» K o and Santa Barbara —
Santa Roca. Sundays, f» a. m.
State of. Oliforria, Thursday*, }» a. m.
¦ For Los Angeles (via San Tedro and Kast
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crui. Mon-
terey, 'San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Lu»s Oblsro). Ventura and Hu»n»me.
•Bonlta, 0 a. m.. Apr. :». May 7.
- For Enernada. Masdalcna Bar Pan Jose <!«I
(Cabo. JIazatlan. Altata. La Past. Santa Ro-
r salla. Guayiraa ' iMfx.t, lo a. m.. 7th of each
| month. For further .Information obtain folder.
R!;?ht is reserved to change steamers or saWn*
dates.. ' •
TICKET OTFICE3 — i New Montgom-
.ery «t. (Palac* JHnteO.IA Market st. and Broad-
way wharves, yreig-ht OSct, 10 Market »t.
C D. Dl'NAXX, Of ncrtil Passen jer Agent.
. •- - -.- 10 Market st.. Pan -Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co. rf CO Sutt«»r St.. will
call fcr ¦ and check bcrgage from hotels and
residences. .Telephone Exchacjre :U2.
A3XESICAZI USE.
Ply:noutli — Clierbonr? — Sontiicmpton.
From New York Saturdays at 03W a. m.
St. Louis April -f)|St. Paul May tl
Ge^nanle May 7|Phllad»lrh!a May 3l
ATI.AJTTIC T3AHSPORT IiXNS.
Kew York — I>ondcn Street.
Meraba April* 30, 0 a. m.
Minnetonka May 7. 11:30 a. in.
Mlnnehaha...... '.-.; May 14. 4 p. m.
Minneapolis..;. May 2t. 10:3O a. m.
Only first-class pa»ser»zer* carried.
DOazraioir T.Z7iz:.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Kensington Apr. uOJSouthwark May i*
Dominion...'. ....May TlCnna.la May 11
EOLL&KB-AMLBICA LH7E.
; New Twin-?crew Steamers of 1J.MO Ten?, j
New York — Rotterdam, Via Bonlogrna.
Sailing; Tuesdays at ID n. m. ;
Noordam.,... ..Apr. ?<;>Rotter(iam May 17
Potsdam. ..... .May lOiRyn'laTi May -•*
. BSD STAR I.I17E.
Kew York — Antwsrp — Paris. .
Frcm New York Saturdays at 10:.su a. m.
Finland ....Apr. ::o|Kro^nland May »4
j Vaderland. -. . .f.May 7l7.e«?Und^. . . May 21
• wHiTB STAB liTS*H. ¦',-.¦¦'
Kew York — Qneeastowu — I.i7erpocl.
• ¦ Saltins Wedne^djys.
Arabi(*..Apr. it). 5 p.m.'Celtic. . May 11. * p.ra.
Oceanic. May 4. 1» a.:n.!c>drl5. .May IS. 7 a.m.
Teutnnic.May 11.10 am iMaj»nir. Mav :'3.10 iia.
t Bortoa — Qneeastown — Liverpool.
I Republic (new* Apr. :!0. June it, July 7
Cretlr ..May Bl -Tune 2. June i>*
Cymric......:. Mav 19. June 1«. Julr II
BO3TOH KEDITEESAITEAK SERVICE.
: Azores, Gibraltar, Naples, Genoa.
j nOMAXlQ. ... I....'. .May 14.Jnn» 1«, Ju.y .Trt
! CANOPIC. ...... :..... May 2S. July 2 An*. 27
C D. TAVLOK. Pa«sen*er Asrent Pacific Coast.
... . .21 Po«t v »t.. San Francisco.
Boston to Liverpool Q n.e^tow»
"CYMRIC" .May 19, June 16, July 1*
"REPUBLIC' Apr. GO. June 9, July 7
VCKnTIC".. May 5,'June/-. June 30
-F5rst cla»?, $tM) and $C'» upwards, accord-
ing" to steamer.
Azores, Gibraltar. ITaples, Genoa.
"CAN'OPIC"' May July 2. Ausf. 27
"ROMANIC" May 14, June IS. July SO
These steamers are the larrest In th*
Mediterranean service. First class $€5 up-
ward. Send for rates and Illustrated booklet.
For plans, etc.. apply to
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific
. '¦ Coast. 21.- Post St.. San Francisco.
-AND-
ST. MIOHAEL
DIRECT. '" 1 ;,
S. S. PORTLAND
CAPTAIN"
(Carryinr V. S. Mails.)
FROM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT.- .; -
MAY 2L\ (about)
Takinr freight fcr
TOPKUK and SOLOMON
DIRECT
AND ALL YUKON RIVER POINTS.
For Freight and Passage Apply to
northehu commescial co..
523 Crossley bulldiCK. cor. Mission and X?#
. Montsomery sts., San Francisco.
Jiamburg-American.
Semi-Weekly Twin Screw Service
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHKREOtlUG. HAMBURO.
THE QBSAT OCEAN PLTER,
S. S. Deutschland
686% ft. long— 23 Vi knots average speei
Sails May 12. June 9. July 7. Aug.- 4.
Columbia April 2l!t'Moltke May 5
Pretoria April £3; Bulgaria May 7
t*Bluecher April 12
Waldersee . . . . . April 30 Pennsylvania... May IK
•Has crlll room and fgyranasium on boarii. ,
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First ar»<t
Brannan streets, at I p. in., for YOKOHAMA
and , HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hloiro).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting st
HongkonR with> steamers for India.: etc No
"cargo received on board on day of saillnr.
S S. AMERICA JURC
......... „.... Thursday. May 12. ISOt
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. . For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's, of fice.' 421 Market street, corner Flr*t.
W. H. AVERT, Gereral Agent.
O, /?.««• TV. CO.
OREGON sails April 27. Mav 7." 17. 27. Juan
6. lfi and 20. GEO..W. ELDF.R sails May 2.
12 22. June 1. II" and 21. Onlr steamship line
to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland • to all points East. . Through • t!ck»t«.
to all points. Steamer tickfts lnclud* berth
and meals. .Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at
II a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. A«. Pass.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery st.: C. CLIFFORD, Gen.
Apent Freljtht Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
S. S. MARIPOSA.'for Tahiti. Apr. 23. 11 a. m.
S S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu.' Apr. 23, 11 a.m.
S. S SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thurs., May 5. 2 p. m.
j I.D.SFEECXELS k BIOS. Ca,ills.,TicJBt 0UI53 643 lv-
j iet st, Freight Office 329 Xiii'A si,- Pi3i 7. ?vAlz n
i . .- , ... . . : ¦ . . ... - - ¦ '
COKPAGKIS GEXIBAL3 TRAN1ATL1KTIQJK.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS.' v-*-^.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of 4hJ£S?*l
Saturday, at 10 a.;m.. from Pier 42. - *^"» f "
North River, foot of Morton- »t. ' '¦'
•-/First class to Havre. $70 and. upward. Sec-
i ond • class to ' Harre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. • 32 . Broadway ' <Hudson building).
New York.; J. F.- FUGAZ1 & CO.. Pacific coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery I avenue. San Francisco.
-Tickets sold by. all Railroad Ticket Agents.
! . Hare' Islaad and Vallejo Steamers. ;
- Steamer GEN.* FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
8:45 a. m.- H:15 and 8::5O p." m.; except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallejo
1 7 a."« m.- ' 12:30 - and « p. m., . except - Sunday.
:Sunday.»-7- a.* m.,4:15 p. m. Fare-50 cents.
-Tel .-i Main' 1508. Pier 2. Misslon-st. dock.
HATCH BROS. • ¦ -' : ¦-¦¦'.
jHdgSto&ii MEHAHDWOMEIt,
djB&U&txrKZtr&A CtaBijOforunnatTirH
kK&W ia 1 u> s *»rOel dlicbargee.lnfianiaationt.
i MaBtf Oiuut«4 yi Irritatiaaa or alcaritiom
ffSW - net m nrioun. of mneom membr»»M,
g* «f >r«nata CntwlM. Painl'tJ, And Dot sitrla*
RJItHEEMHSCHEMIOLCO. «ent or poi«onoo».
V&L C!I«1HMTI,O^W2| »«!«» kT Dranrl.U,
v,a.a. or lint In pliln wrtp'peT,
JEfBk.. b7 axprt'i. prepaid, to$
VllflSB!««SftrTi 11.00. or 3 bottlet W.7S.
'Ntw-^BI WrY •¦ " ' Circular not «¦ mmfcI^")oi Tells Young People to Learn to LovevTrees, Which Are Man's
Unfailing Benefactor, and They Are Eloquently Praised' for
Their Sweet Influences, Ennobling Power and Sturdy' Gifts
ALAMEDANS REMEMBER ARBOR DAY
AND HEAR COLONEL IRISH'S ADVICE
Philippine Cases In . a Court.-
WASHINGTON, ¦> April 22.— The
cases of Thomas E. Kepner,; Fred* I*
Dorr ;. and ' Secundo , Menderona; ;. all
from the Philippine Islands, wereVar
gued to-day" In the _ United States Su
preme '"• Court '.a* one % case. ' -They f In
volve the right of the Philippine IGov
eminent to appeal crlniinalv cases I to
a higher court In case of failure: t»
convict r The defendants contend that
the practice. is contrary to the r cohsti
tution of Um» Uialted 8ta.t««.* ' . x
Troubles Over Alleged* Loan*.
OAKLAND, April 22.— Edward Dal
ton, a Southern Paclflc Company,em
ploye, was arrested to-day on com
plaint of Joseph Hawley, an insurance
apont, who charges battery. The men
quarreled about the alleged failure of
Hawley to return $40 Dalton claims
was borrowed last November. "Mrs.
Dalton yesterday caused : Hawlej''s ar
rest on a charge of obtaining: money
by false < pretenses. ; Dalton did not
learn what his wife had done. until 'this
morning: when he tuturwed from a
railrofldf trip." '"•* He " met and upbraided
Hawley. Then the I trouble bega n.
exercises.— Twenty palms and one
hawthorn tree were planted on the
grounds. These were placed In the
ground previous to the exercises.
At the Wilson School the speaker was
Rev. r.C. Fletcher; at.; the Porter
School, Rev. ;I*7 Potter Hitchcock: at
tne I/jngfellow; School,.- Rev. William
N. I Guthrle: at the Mastick . School
Harold W. Fairbanks; at the Everett
School,' A. W. Mock, and at the" Halght
School, Senator J. R; Khdwland. Tho
f ollowinfr ladles from the : Adelphlan
Club, also Bpoke' "at ' the \gramniar
BchoolB: ; Mrs. J. N. Chapman. Mrs.- H
AV Hebard," Mrs. A. J. Samuel,- Mrs. G.
W.r Emmons,' M 1^ M. F. ; McQurn.^Mrs!
I i H. « Ehrenberg;' Mrs. - H. ' I*' Eastman
and Mrs. ';., Waldo Parkhurst. ¦ ,
pnEPARING FOn BOEDER* S TRIAL —
The County : Clerk brought the box contain
ing the names of all • the -,- talesmen selected
by Superior Judges to Judge Ccek'g court yes
terday and 250 names were I drawn. They
will be subpenaed . to appear on May 2 for
the trial of Leon Boeder, charged ¦¦ with the
murder of Joseph Blaise, his brother-in-law
OAKLAND. April 22.— Charles W.
Palm has been given three weeks
more In which to raise J20S5 and some
other securities that he is supposed
to have belonging to the Warren D.
Heaton estate. He has been In Jail
for the last week awaiting a hearing
before Judge Greene on a charge of
contempt of court for not • having
turned over the money. Palm hasn't
the money and his attorney' has se
cured Beveral days in order to give him
time to raise 1L
Pnlm Secures Time.
Ilonioves Bullet From Mrs. Werren.
BERKELEY. April 22.— The bullet
fired Into Mrs. Elizabeth Werren last
Sunday niRht by a highwayman was
removed from the woman's back to
day by Dr. J. Edson Kelsey. the at
tendingr physician. The bullet Is of
thirty-two caliber and wlTTbe held as
evidence in case the highwayman Is
caugrnt.
OAKLAND, April 22; — : The follow
ing marriage "-license* were ¦ issued by
the^County Clerk to-day: William Cas
serly. 30. San Francisco,, and Nora'
Coghlan, 28;. Oakland; James Stuart,
24, and Margaret McGucken, 20. both
of San Francisco; Olof , P. Lonn, A 26,
and Wendela C. v Nordstrom, 24, j both
of San Francisco; Manuel D.Silva ; '24j
and Mny A. '"'DUtra, iff, both of New?
ark; William G. Kropk'e, .over. 21, ''Ash*'
land, • Ore., ; and Grace ,-E: '^Mbrey, oyef
18, Oakland; Jbhn'B. Sllveria; 22/ and
Josephine Vlera, 17, b6th of .Oakland |i
Calvin E.' Scott,- 24,; arid EmmaV.Gk
Welch, 19, both of Oakland ; : John/ W.
McAtee,-24, and»J«argraret Lierman, 20,
both of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
'",' Songs Avere; rendered by fthet students
of the Alameda High School during the
President Otis, in introducingColonel
Irish, paid j a tribute to the memory of
thef-founri»»r':df 'Arbor day, and also
thanked the ' ladies of the Adelphlan
Club v , and . the representatives of the
."Alanioda Advancement Association and
the West End Improvement Associa
tion '.'for ; the" funds th'ey''contributed to
[make the purchase of the S, trees pos
¦"sible'.v.--./:.',":'";";:.-..*¦¦'¦•¦•¦¦,'"'-. ; :l\'. • ;
Frank" O'Prieh; responded to Colonel
; Irish's "address Ortf behalf of the^ Asso
ciated r Students;, and j Mrs. P.; S./ Teller
of. the CAdelphian^ Club did likewise on
behalf; of the organization she repre
sented. Mrs. .Teller said:
SVe of - th* Adfelphlan Club ; pride ourselves
on' belns uo . to date in the _ matter ot i tree
planting:. " We have , had a little . Improvement
association Of. our own, th* Civic. Bectlon. and
it was chttfly instrumrntal in the establishing
of Arbor day in.Alarneda.-- We do not propose
to allow tRe> men; to; get. ahead of u«, and we
Intend - to &o our ; share « In the i beautl fylne of
our city. , We « are: thankful 'Jto^th*: Board of
Education . ajnd?. to the. imorovement clubg r or
nsslatHjR us , in purchasing tlie : trees. . Every
thing ; crows well • ln 'Alameda, , particularly 'the
toys and ' *lrls.' . When - 1 look s around me r.nd
observe i this gathering and ¦ these • trees . I : feel
eaf e in aawrtinir that the .. Indies of : the Adel
phlan Club bulldwlbetur than > they knew.
FOUNDER REMEMBERED.
niftn and boys In forestry, and it Is a' noble
calUng, as It brings One Into direct touch with
nfttore, \ and -ther? Is' evefythlne sweetening,
ennobling: ond uplifting In the study ofnature.
And, now., In conclusion I would say, be kind
to the trees anrt plants,' and never permit them
to suffer.;: ," .":*•;¦ • ' •
' SAILED.
, Friday. April S.
Plmr Scotia. Johnson. Bowens Landing.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEXD— Sailed April 22— Br
ship Holywood. for Melbourne.
FOREIGN PORTS. "' '*<
VICTORIA, B; C— Arrtved April 22— Stmr
Cottage City, from Skagway.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aorll 22— Stmr La
Savole, from Havre. •
HAMBURG — Arrived AvTil 22— Stmr Pa
tricia. - f rorr. New York, via Plymouth.
NAPLES — Sailed ADril 22— Stmr Nord
America, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed* April 22-— Stmr
Moltke. from Hambunr, for New York, via
Cherbourg. . _; .'
Late Shipping Intelligence.
to-day and committed to the Xapa In
rane Asylum. Superinduced by over
indulgence in drink he has become thp
victim of delusions and Imagines that
tlnj Government is shouting to him
through horns telling him to make
away with himself. He testified to
day that these messages came to be
*o strong at limes that he had filled
his ears with cotton to pet away from
the sounds and finally grave' himself up
to the police.
Ycmnjr Dentist Committed
OAKLAND, April 22. — Dr. W. C.
Merriiran. a well known dentist of
this city, was adjudged insane here
said, ;. therefore, . that no aivorce
could be granted, "and that the woman
who said she, was his. wife was not en
titled to- alimony.
Judge Ogden found that the mar
riage was sound, although the minister
in performing it laid himself liable to
punishment . under the statute. The
Judge grarited Mrs. Matilda Pedersen
a divorce and awarded ' her $100 attor
ney's fees and $20 a month alimony. In
summing up his opinion Judge Ogden
said:
AVhile . it 111 true .that, a strong araument
can be. made In f/Up?ort of the Invalidity of
tho marriage in .fjuefction, yet a round public
pelley dcmandR that ¦' the ceremony should. If
pdsnible, be construed, as valid rather than
Invalid, ' erp^olally: where the 'ceremony ha3
b^en • followed by • '. a mutual assumption • of
marital right*. , The wrong . committed in this
Instance was by the minister of the gonpel and
not iby.the partleg; .¦ Indeed, the Legislature
Has vented. a heavy penalty upon every, person
authorized ' to solemnize nhy marriage who
makes. a 'falee' record of any marrlagts . return.
BERKELEY. April 2.2. — The Cali
fornia debater* are all primed for the
debate against Hie Ftanford cham
pit;:i lalkerp to-morrow night at the
Aihambra Theater in San Francisco.
California will be represented by Max
Tbden. Jo^pph P. Lucey and Robert
1^. McWilliam«». Stanford will have
Frank Rohr and 1L M. L?wis, veter
nns, and Alexander Sheriffs, a new
n-.an. Prorldcnt Jordan of Ptnnford
will preside. The judges will be
Vnited Btatea Circuit Judgp Morrow,
State Suprpm" Justice Lucien Shaw
and Commissioner J. A. Cooper.
Debaters Are Primed
Fred J. Abbott, who says he is a
financier and lives at the Clarendon
HUel, was arrested yesterday on a
warrant sworn to by J. E. Kerr. a
mining promoter in the Rialto build
ing, charging - him with obtaining
money by false pretenses. K3rr al
leges that Abbott on January 11 got
$80 by representing that he had an
account with his father, a wealthy
resident of London. Abbott gave Kerr
a draft for the amount on Abbott Sr.,
and it was returned dishonored.
Detectives O'Dea and Mulcahy.
who arrested Abbott, say that about"
a year ago they arre3ted him for pass
ing a\flctitiou3 check for $40 on H.
Leonhardt, proprietor of the Casino.
Twenty-fourth avenue and '. Fulton
street. . He was detained in prison for
some hours at that time and was re
leased when friends paid the amount
of .the check.
Fred J. Abbott Is Accused by Mining
Promoter of Obtaining Money
' by Fnlse Pretenses.
FIXAXCIER ARRESTED
OX A FKLOXY CIL\RGE
An irregularity in the process of a
marriage license" does* not invalidate a
marriage contract, according to. a de
cision .^handed down by Judge Ogdert
to-day. In a divorce' action It was
pleaded by. Henry N.-Pedersen, in reply
to his wif e's charges, that they had
never/ been married. To support this
he showed that a lidense had been pro
cured' in Aiameda County and that the
ceremony had .been performed by
a. clergyman in San Francisco. ', He
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 22.
It is really not. the bajket-ball game
that is to blame for the accident after
nil, though it cannot be denied that it
Mips Atkinson had not been there she
would not have been hurt. It all hap
pened ln a vof-y simple way. , Just as
the ball wns into play Miss Atkin
son ran after It and threw herself for
ward to Intercept it. ' As she did so she
stepped upon a board In such a, way
that she received a sudden wrench
and the bone Bnapped.
At first Miss Atkinson thought she
had only received a strain. v Local rem
*die* were applied by^Mrs. Mills, and,
Miss.; Atkinscn returned .to her home
after the game. The limb continued to
pain'fto much, however, that a'fphysl-;
cian was called in. Then. the discovery.
-,vas made that the bone was fractured,;
Miss Atkinson Is recovering rapidly., , ?
Miss Florence Atkinson, a Junior in
the college of sciences at the Univer
sity of California, is lying a victim of
the game of basket-ball at her home,
2439 Dwight way. Nobody would evei'
think that such a. mild, ladylike same
.i? basket-ball would hurt a body, yet
it turned out to be real dangerous in
this case,- and Miss Atkinson's injury
consists of a fracture of one of the
bones of her right leg below the .knee.
The injury was received while she was
playing in a frante against the,; Mills!
College girls at ? Mills. College last
Tuesday for. the chaVnpionship.of the
State.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, April 22.
BREAKS BONE
AT BASKET-BALL
MARRIAGE HELD
TO BE VALID
The tree* we plant here are to beautify your
city, and, these, exerelsta are: to Implant in
your Hearts a love for; the trees. I want you
to look upon them as 6ne of the great blessings
of ¦ life ' which • the Creator has ¦ bestowed \ upon
you._ Be merciful to-the trees.' "¦• If they grow
thirsty, give them drink. If. they 'grow hungry,
give t*em to eat < In . the -. Torm of ~ rich . soil =¦ or
f ertillxer. - I wlah I . had the voice, , time and
grenlua to impress Upon you ; the Importance of
tho 'study and preservation of • the • trees. ¦ It
has . lately been discovered ¦ tho t we have : been
too * canales* In caring tor and saving r them.
IT the .forest troves on the' mountains are to
be -destroyed the fertility of the valleys will
be J Imoalred because the ¦ water ,' aunply ' will
be -diminished.' .' National, ; State,' county "and
municipal government* hive , begun " to • realize
that something must be done toward th* cres
ervalion and renewal ; of trees. . Whe're a • tree
la 'cut when ribe, another should > be • planted
to take Its place. We are now training young
LEAKN TO LOVE NATURE.
-rt 8 ave contributed to the shelter over
your heads. - lour homes are made mostly of
treea Maple sugar, tar. turpentine, camphor
and brcoma are among the produats of »ree«.
If you had in Alameda a man With the power
to give you as many fijrts as '.the" trees you
would . carefully guard him and be very «o
llcltous about his h.alth. and you would f?el
a great losa and Borrow when he dlrd You
•houid. feel the same way toward the ' trees.
To atudy all trees Would be to study the world
I knew < the founder of i AfMr day, ' the late
Honorable ..W Sterling Morton of, Nebraska.
Intlrnitely. . He was a dear old fellow nh'd ons
'of the pioneers of that section of our country.
When ht. settled In Nebraska. It was then a
primitive State and consisted of level arairles
that w«re~ wind-swept ln winter and dry and
brown In summer. Mr. Morton was & close
observer of the results wrought by the wlnrti
and hurricanes ln Nebraska and he Judged
rightly that trees would break the force of the
winds and Improve tho | fertility of I the region
through conserving the: moisture. 'So he cried
OUt and continued to cry. "Plant- trees r Plant
trees!", , Now Nebraska Is covered I with trees
Her .climate Is improv-d. her soil richer and
because ot this planting of trees, the \farm
lands of. that State, are .extending westward
at. the rat* of three miles a year. ' I cannot
carry, to your comprehension all that Arbor
flav mean*. ;¦ but Mr. Morton did great. good to
lh« ¦ world through his : advocacy of tree
planting. •• . , . • -
Colonel Irish, in the course of his ora
tion, eafd:
¦_'Boyi ; and Girls: I feel like one of you to
2? y " A. am h ' re t0 talk *°out trees, that you
?.5?L u bctter know now much you depend
upon uiem ror the comforts and n»ces*arie»
oi lire. The books that many of you hold In
your nnrlds are made from trees as are also
the music sheets from Which you have sun*,
if the trees are not preserved the time mav
t-onifc when boys nnd nlr:s will nave no
book£.- When I taueht school and that was
many, years ago, trees were put to another use.
I trimmed the trees to trim the boys. • That
t.,.?!^ 111 " 1 ", reasdn W "V boys in particular
ohouid understand the value of trees. I notice
that hero you have planted palm trees which
cannot well be made use of in the way that
th? .rtcs we re of } which I have spoken. I
have a book made entirely from' palm leavw
Si VF'i l at * rPW ln - lafflaul The printing
?JL.« » ." Waa d< »>e with a stylus, and
similar, books are in use by one of the ancient
tribes of India. ¦ ' .
Colonel John P. Irish delivered the
address of the day at the Alameda
**!s n^ School, and his pithy ami witty
remarks were received with the closest
attention and keenest -pleasure by an
interested audience composed, for the
greater part, of students and teachers.
Colonel Irish wan escorted to the Bcene
cf his speechmaking-, the rear steps of
the 'Alameila High School building, 'by
h's« old friend. Colonel E. W. Maslin.
h nd whs introduced to the assemblage
by: President Frank Otis of the Hoard
of Education.
A TALK ON TREES. /
ALAMEDA, April 22.— The city's sec
ond annual Arbor day* celebration was
held to-day, and was on a more elab
orate and impressive scale than that
of last year. Exercises were conduct
ed at all of the public schools, the pro
grammes at the six grammar schools
beginning at I o'clock in the afternoon
and at the Alameda High School one
hour later.
"Dr. C. W. Card, who was called to
attend the unfortunate woman before
she died, was positive in his an
nouncement her skull had not
been fractured, although he found" an
abrasion of the scalp. When asked if
this abrasion might have been sus
tained by a fall Dr. Card said that it
was "scarcely possible. -.
When I was first called Mrs. Grady com
plained of a headache.' After an examination
I decided she was suffering from kidney
trouble and when her temperature arose tn a
rerlous degiee I advised her removal to the
Waldeck Sanatorium, where she could aecelve
more lntellictnt treatment than . one can at
home. She srew ranldlv worse and" finally It
was evident that her kidneys had ceased to
Work altogether. Medical treatment -prove.1
unavailing and she died from .uremlo poison
"i"he' story that her skull was fractured Is
absurd and In my opinion is a tale engendered
through a family row. There -was not a
bruise or laceration on her heaJ to indicate
violence and the manner of her -death could
not have been caused by blows or a fall.
That there was a row in the house
there seems to be no question, but
whether on not Grady struck his
daughter-in-law, thereby causing her
death, appears to be much questioned.
Grady denies the assault and is susy
tained by Dr.W. G. Mianer, who says:
. An element of mystery still sur
rounds the death of <SIrs. Catherine
Grady, wife of a patrol wagon driver
connected with the Park police sta
tion, which occurred at the Waldeck
Sanatorium on Sunday last.
Mrs. D. I. Saunders of 506 Kearny
street and Mrs. D. I. Simon's of 1426
Market street, sisters of the deceased,
called on Captain of Detectives Mar
tin last night and reiterated the state
ment that they had 'previously made
at the office of Coroner Leland. This
statement was to the - effect that " a
quarrel had taken place In the home
of Mrs. Grady at 717 Devlsadfero
street on the niffht of March 22. which
culminatedfin W. D. Grady, father-in
law of the woman, striking her on the
head with a chair. In their statement
to Captain Martin both of. the women
emphasized the declaration that, in
their opinion, this blow caused the
death of their sister. ' . •
Relatives of Mrs. Catherine Grady
Complain to the Police and
the Coroner.
MYSTERY OF WOMAN'S DEATH
INCITES OFFICIAL INQUIRY
SCEJCE DURING ARBOR DAY EXERCISES AT ALAMEDA. WHILE CHILDREN SANG AND PHOTOGRAPH OF THE VOTED
v5T?£o n U a^d TI m\x^s^
Vntiarmntctl Stories Axv Circulated
Concerning Hoard of Pirblie
Works Office.
OAKLAND, April 22. — Defamatory
statements concerning the administra
tion of his duties have been in circu
lation against Walter B. Fawcett, sec
retary of the Board of Public Works.
The commissioners informally discuss
ed the situation to-day and found that
the statements were entirely ground
less. City Expert Julian B. Harrie3
i-omplimented Fawcett on the im
proved system of accounts that had
been' adopted. It has been strongly
hinted at the City Hall that the start
of employes,, in the Board of Public
Works department would b«» shaken
up shortly, as the result of the circu
lation of the unwarranted stories.
Mayor Olney said to-<lay:
/"It anything shall b»» <3one in the
matter of change due notice will be
given to th«* public."
ATTACK MADE UPON V .
SKCRETAIIY FAWCETT
ST. LOUIS, April 22. — A World's
Fair official bulletin issued this even
ing announces the ¦ engagement of
seventy-five prominent organists, In
cluding W. Sabin of San Francisco, to
play the great organ in Festival Hall.
Sabin has been engaged for May 27
and 28. The only other Calif ornian
engaged is A. Scott Brook of Los An
geles, who will play November 28 and
29. All the seventy-five organists are
Americans except one, A. Guilmant of
Paris, who will play from August 15
until September 24. " v'.V
W. Sabin of San Francisco , and A.
Scott Brook of Los Angeles
Selected.
CALIFORNIA ORGANISTS
WILL PLAY AT ST. LOUIS
President Roosevelt believes that the
best way for American commercial
prestige to be heightened In the mar
kets of the Orient lies through more
cordial treatment of the Chinese. He
is, of course, opposed to the admission
of coolie labor to the United States, but
radical Chinese exclusionists declare
that he and.Secretary Hay are strongly
Inclined to replace the present strict
immigration treaty, which will be abro
gated Deecember 7, with one more lib
eral in definition of Chinese profes
sional and merchant classes which may
be admitted. While, of course, Prince
Pu Lun will have no authority to rep
resent the Chinese Government in a
diplomatic capacity, the good impres
sion he is expected to carry away of
the attitude of the President and Sec
retary Hay toward his country is re
garded as excellent food for an In
crease of close commercial relations
between the two Governments.
All this gives rise' to much specula
tion whether there is not a great deal
of-tnternatlonal politics involved in the
visit of the Prince. It Is stated that
he has no official mission in this coun
try, save to visit the exposition. Nev
ertheless, the attention which the Pres
ident and Secretary Hay will bestow
upon the visitor has an indirect con
nection with American-Chinese rela
tions.
WASHINGTON, April 22.— Prince Pu
Lun, nephew of the Emperor of China
and head of the Chinese commission to
the Louisiana Purchase Exposition.
will arrive in Washington to-morrow.
For three days he will be entertained
as have few visiting dignitaries In re
cent years. He will be shown especial
consideration by President Roosevelt.
Secretary Hay will give a dinner com
plimentary to the Prince Tuesday night
and the President will attend the func
tion. It will be one of the most bril
liant affair! of the season and will be
notable for the galaxy of distinguished
men attending.
In speaking of ¦ Dennett's career,
George 8. Montgomery, the well-known
philanthropist, said to-day:
"Probably ho other man in the
United States has had so remarkable
a life as Dennett. He has been a sailor
and cook; he has been worth $1,000,000
and has given away hundreds of thou
sands for charitable purposes. No one
knows the amount of money he has
given away. .He knew the restaurant
business as no one knows it and had
a mind that could grasp a big idea.
He did not deal in small things, but
always went at ventures on a large
scale. Pie incorporated his restaurants
In New York City, Brooklyn, Balti
more, Boston and other places for
over $1,000,000 and they were bringing
him in a royal income, with which he
was lavish. "> ' 'y~
"He closed his places on Sundays,
conducting them on the temperance
plan. He pad! the highest wages, but
exacted the utmost . cleanliness from
his employes. He was blind in one
eye, but he could take in everything
with the other. When he came to the
Pacific Coast he was virtually broke.
He gave away such vast sums that he
lost control of his corporation in the
East and he was frozen out. But he
could make a success anywhere. He
was a wizard in this respect. I think
his ' present condition is due -to his
being knocked down by a car on Fourth
street in San Francisqo about a year
ago. •",'., : ;;. V .
"While he seemingly got well, he
has been acting strangely ever since, i
His son, • George, has written to , me
from Los Angeles, stating that the
business has been wrecked there by.
the way his father hag been conducting
things." '; ; Vi
; Alfred William Dennett, famous
throughout the country for his "rapid
lunch" restaurants, was committed to
Stockton Insane Asylum to-day, a vio
lent maniac. He has been erratic, ac
cording to his friends for some months
past and has wrecked his business in
Los Angeles through his Insane acts.
He engaged in a terrific struggle with
his attendants this morning and it took
the combined efforts of three men to
strap him to his cot. The court found
that he was dangerous and a flt sub
ject for the State institution.
Oakland Ofllce San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 22.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 22.
A bond election will be held to
morrow to determine whether Oakland
school diftrlct, comprising the city of
Oakland, and a small part of the sub
urbs in Claremont and Piedmont, shall
issue $9(0,000 in bonds, with which new
school buildings and sites and enlarge
ments to present school buildings and
Bites shall be provided. The polls
close at fundown, 6:52 p. m. The dis
trict has been divided into twenty-one
precincts, polling places having been
established at the various schoolhouses.
To the pupils of the public schools
there has been distributed circulars de
scribing the boundaries of precincts,
the purposes for which bonds are de
sired and the Board of Education's of
ficial statement on the subject.
The proposition has been submitted
as a blanket one. Thus the voter will
record his ballot either "for" or
"against" all of the bonds.
Specifically the items call for enlarge
ment of the following school sites:
Lafayette, Lincoln, Grant, Prescott,
Harrison, Grove street, Temescal,
Tompkins and Cole school lots. Pro
vision is made for the purchase of new
schoolhouse sites in the following lo
calities:
One In the neighborhood of sixtieth and
Grove «tre»t»: one In the neighborhood of
Fortieth and West etreet*; one In the neigh
borhood of Railroad ar.fl Twenty-third aVenties;
one In Linda Vista; one in Lynn; one In the
rw-jphborhood of Claremont and College ave
-ques.
The cost of new sites and enlarge-*
ment of old is to be $2C*0,000.
BUILDINGS AND ADDITIONS.
For new buildings and additions the
following provision is made:
A new buildinc to take the place of the
Franklin *cbo«l bulldina, destroyed by fire;
• "•<¦ to take the place of the Uncoln School
l-uildlnp; one t6 take the place of the Prescott
School building; ail- addition to the Lafayette
School buildinr; one to take the place of ihe
Gn.ve-ftreet school building; an addition to the
Lafayette School bulletin: an addition to the
Grant School building; a new building in the
neighborhood of FertlMh and We*t streets; a
new buildlntc to be located In the neighborhood
of Sixtieth and U«>noa streets; an addition to
the Clawson School bulldtne.
Their estimated cost is 5760,000.
In its statement to the public the
Beard of Education says:
The schools overcrowded. Marty of tho
rooms in the district now occupied for school
purposes are not RiittsbJe place* In which to
house children. We have- rooms Jn the bafce
mcrts «>f seme of our h-j iliilr.ps. rented rooms
net well adapted for school purports, and we
have constructed In a very temporary manner
many rooir.* to tide over deficiencies..
nxperlence lifts 0eironrtr«teil the impossi
bility of ra'rinz money in th» ordinary chan
nels of taxation sufficl^tit to retntdy these de
fect?. ' " /
The nursb»r of pupils In the Oakland public
¦chools is imrcpging rapidly. There are now
in attendance en the schools nearly flTe hun
dred more pupil* than were !n the schools at
this time last yrar. It is therefore necessary
to jirovlde. from year to year, from ten to
twelve new classrooms, besides keeping in
r"f>air «he many classrooms now In use. If
v.f are tn maintain our school buildings and
rrhool rrcunds In a condition that will be
FattFfartnry to the patmn? of the schools and
in a tordltion that will be a credit to our city
the bonding of the «ehool district is an abso
lute necessity.
BUILDINGS ARK POOR.
Most of the wooden buildings now in ure In
the Ockland School Department have been con
structed without any reference to ll£ht, heat
or vr n :ij 2 tlon. They are poorly constructed
buiMlnKs. the maintenance and repair of which
from y«-ar to year is a constant drain tipnn the
lunds of the department. Your board deelres
to Inaugurate the policy at this time of sup
planting fomc of these buildings vitfi" modern
structure?, and trust that the time is hot far
dlmnt when Oakland'* nchool children will
l>e housed in building* constructed with diii*
regard to sanitary laws; constructed, too, in
*u(h a way that there wjll be no danger from
ftazrpMks cauffd by fire or otherwise.
A tib'.-lated s-tatunent has been prepared
ybowinr the amount of taxation necessary to
pay ihefcr *che*;! bonds within the forty yoar».
j 1 »i<* aFPisserf valuation of the district for thf
pm-r-ase of making this estimate in inT«.lwHl
ll»'- :»er c?nt each year for tuenty years, auC
then 1 per cfr.t for tho next twenty years. In
the opinion of your floard of Education this
rate cf Increai"? Is mere liliply to h* found too
M-,iall than tr*o large. Tin other features of
th!s tdl>ul:ition ore not r.iatt.'r* of eittlmatfS
This statercont shows that at the end of
tarty years the rsfpmmI valuation of Oakland
£<hocl District will b? £!M.O0d.iXX>. • It shows
also that en an aKsersment of SllHA.ih order
to ray the taxes on school bonds, one must pay
the first year %l VS. or, on an assessment r'f
fino, f.los. This decrease* rapidly, taul at
the- *>nd of ten yearn v tne amount of money to
bt paid on a $1<«H> assPSFrn.ent. In 'order to pay
the cchool bends in forty yars, I* H2 cents.
This continue* to decrease until finally, at the
i end of forty year*, the amount of money pa;<l
ca a $lCir) assessment Is 2fl cents. Or, to put
i this another nay. the perron who pay* for
! fcrty yrars >->n SICTX) assessed valuation will
heve r aid all of the prortos^d Issue of school
bcr.ds, and will have paid only $24 22. Or, to
put it still another way. a person assessed on
$1000 who pav'on an average «rt cents a y?ar
for fcrty year*, trill have |>ald all of the school
tax required en the proposed bond Issue.
It will be several years befcre all of the Im
provements piopot.-ed under this bend Issue can
b» made.
Th» . Hoard of Education Is advlsM - that
tl rse bords may be lesu«-d and sold us ••••dfd
for the conRtrictlon of buildings. .This bei»ig
true. It Is the Intention of the Board of Edu
cation to proceed In the erection of there
Imildlrcs in the order In which this necessi
ties rif the several loca'.ltlen demand. *ueh ait
the Franklin Pchool, new rchool at Rlxtleth
and Genoa ptreets and new school at Fortieth
and West etrecu. . •
"Femmcs Nouvelles" of Paul and Vic
tor Margueritte and in Zola's "Paris"
we have examples of the strong girl.
In M. Dupouey's opinion the novelists
have in a measure presented these girls
truthfully, but upon the whole have
exaggerated them, either by excessive
idealization or unwarranted severity.
M. Dupouey will complete his' lecture
nr-xt Monday at 4 o'clock in. the stu
dents' observatory, and his second lec
ture, "Le Theatre Social," will b<? given
upon a date yet to be set. The lec
turer is a young man, who holds a
scholarship of the French Minister of
Public Instruction at Harvard Univer r
Pity, where he has been studying for
the last year. " -..
M. Robert Dupouer. the French lec
turer In the Hyde series for 1904.
Cressed a large gathering of the French
colony and students In French at the
University of California this afternoon.
•'The Young Girl in Contemporary Fic
tion" was the subject of his discourse.
M. Dupouey pointed out that the
present French novelists very rarely
•make the French girl the principal
character In their novels. They prefer
to study the married woman, whose
character is more definite, more com
plete. However, wandering through
the books of to-day one now and then
comes upon the presentation of a girl
character. Are these girls of the novel
the girls of real life? In these creations
of the novelists do Frenchmen recog
nize their sisters or their sweethearts?
To answer this question M. Dupouey
rpoke of a number of types of young
girl* among those described in litera
ture, analyzed these types bj' means of
?Samples from the most celebrated
novels, and having thus defined the
type he compared it with reality. Thus
he distinguished first those whom he
called pure girls— Henriette Seill, for in
etance, in Paul Bourgrefs "Terre Prom
ise"; next, weak girls, most Gyp's and
Marcel Provost's; finally; strong girls,
who are entirely new in modern France
and are the result of the gradual fall
ing off in the number of marriages. In
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
T14S Center Street, April 21
PRINCE'S VISIT
IS SIGNIFICANT
George S. Montgomery Says
the Afflicted Man Gave
Thousands to Charity
Hyde Lecturer Says Strong
Woman Is an Entirely New
Thing in Modern France
PHILANTHROPIC CAREER
AUTHOBS LIKE MATRONS
POLLS AT THE HOUSES
Board of Education Makes
a Statement Concerning
a Million - Dollar Project
Eestaurant Man Becomes
Violently Insane and Court
Holds He Is Dangerous
Voters of Oakland School
District to Cast Their
Ballots on Proposition
31. Robert Dupouey Believes
French Heroine Is Often
Truly Painted in Novels
DENNETT GOES
TO AN ASYLUM
TELLS OF GIRL
OF FICTIONIST
WILL DECIDE
AS TO BONDS
THE SAN .CALL, j SATURDAY, ;APRIL -23, 1904;
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
6
< . ADVESTISEiiENTS*
Teeth Without Plates
.Why wear a bulky plate when you
can have » bridgework for the cost of
material? Natural looking and ser-
viceable appliances' made with 23
karat gold by an expert : and folly
guaranteed.. Artistic gold crowns and
fillings: .Teeth .extracted free. Grad-
uates only. Teeth cleaned, free; pain-
less methods. Free.'clinic.
Week days o to q; Sundavs o to i.
Post-Graduate Dental College,
San rranclsco— 3 Taylor StrWrt.
Oakland— *m * Wa«hla«rton • StrMt.
San Jo«»— IS Sa>t Santa Clara StrMft.
Sacramento— 407 J StiNt *
BRANCH OFFICES
• OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND. '— vj«".
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALA3IEDA.
14S5 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 45JX '
GRAJPE-NUTS.
The
Hotel
| Supply
Grape-Nuts
,It takes plenty of time. to. count the
4ots on th<! elephant, but- you can easily
tave th** time if • you use a gas rane'e
from S. F. Gas and Electric Co.. 415 Post-*
.Steamer. - I . For. Sails..
Dolphin...... Skagway.&.Way Porte; Apr." 24
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr; 26
CottageClty. BkaB"*»y & Way Ports. Apr." 2»
Dingo.'.....; 'Ekajrway & Way Ports. Apr.:29
J. Dollar'.... Valdez & - Seward.;v;v. Apr. 29
Excelsior.... Waldez ft Way Ports.. May f 1'
A'.ki. ;.'...:.'.' Skarway& "Way Ports. May '-5
: PLEADS GU1LTT TO; : ROBBERY.— Robert
McKay pleaded ¦ puilty to • a : charge, of rob
bery in Judge, . Dunne's . court*' yesterday r and
wlll.be scnteneed'on April, 28. - lie ."held* tip
Dennis .'. naley • of ': 31» : Minna - street :' on the
ulK bt . ot ¦ March ¦ 1 • and lock |4 from him. . -. -
SUES LlTERAItT A SiSOClATION*.— Another
snit for JIO.000 daxnace* has been filed a««lnst
the \Von>e»'« Prea* Ansoclatjon. It wai flied
j-Mst^nlay, the plaintiff being Mat» H. Carl
wrtcht. one of the three wotn-m expelled from
th« aswjciatlon last November. Fhe makea the
f *mp charges as were mad? by Marion Foster. 1
flltd a Flmllar # «ult a week *ko: \
FROM SEATTLE.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWS
VOn TILE SC3I3IER-
, CALL subscribers costemplatlar *
chaure of residence during* the summer
months can have their paper forwarded
by mail to their new. address by notify
ing* TEE CALI. Business Office. This
caper will also be on sal* at all summer
resorts and Is represented by j» local
gfist In all towns on the coast.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
April 23. '
Eureka Humboldt •• V am Pier 13
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena .. 4 pm Pier 2
San Jose. . . X Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
Alameda.:. Honolulu 11. am Pier 7
Marlposa. .. Tahiti direct ....... 11 am Pier 7
Homer.. r.. Seattle direct 5pm Pier 2
laqua Humboldt . 1 pm Pier '1
S Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 2
April 24. !
S Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
April 25. i I
Sequoia.... Wlllapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 20
Spokane.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier. 3
5. Cruz.... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Senator.... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
6. Monica.. Grays Harbor...... 4 pm|Pler 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Coronado. .- Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
April 26. ¦ .
Empire.... Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Gaelic China & Japan..'.. 1 pm Pier 4<>
Arctic •• Humboldt; 9 am Pier 2
G Dollar... Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier CO
April 27. ! I .
Oregon. ...• Astoria & Portland 11 amIPler 24
Aurclla. ... Astoria & Portland ...... Pier 2
Artro •• Eel River Ports.'.. 4 pm Pier 2
- April 28. ,
Pomona... '• Huroboldt ' 1:30 p Pier 9
State of Cal Fan Diego &. Way. 0 am Pier 11
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
G. Lindaner Grays Harbor...... 1 pm Pier 8
<=an Pedro. • Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
April 29. . |
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Xevadan.:* Hono. & Kahulul. 3 pm Pier 16
Bonita..... Newport. & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
April 30. I '
City Panam N. T. via Panama 12 ; m Pier 40
Ciry Puebta Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier"- 9
Alliance. . . . Eureka . & Coos B. 6 pm Pier lti
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
May 2. ' ( - .. • •
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland] 11 am|Pler. 24
Sliippiug Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, Arril 22.
Oer etmr Hermonthls, Knudsen. 110 days
from Hamburg, etc.
Stmr Kowecrans. Johnson, 4 flays aad -0
hours from Portland. ,,, . ,
I Stmr K A Kelburn, Johnsea. 6^4 hours from
P °^ tT1 1 r t cfty™of Panama. Porter, 23 days from
i I^tmr Brooklyn. J0hr.sotv.46 hours from Men
! °Stnir Prentiss. Ahlstrom. 72 hours from
Gray* Harbor. j- ] ' ¦¦ _,
Stjnr Maccle. Corning, - 5 hour* from Half
"stmr Grace Collar. Ols*n. £2* hour* J from
Columbia Itivcr. '-'» V «L .
Stmr Gipty. Inland. 27 hours from, Monterey
I and way ports.
Htmr Westport. Smith, 27 hours from Eureka.
Schr .Newark. UeiuerUen, 12 hour* from
Stewarts Point.
Schr Onward, Thomas, 4H days from eo
quille Itlver. • •
Schr Cnc, Jorrcneon, 10 days from Grays
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman. 11 days from
Schr Ilosamond. Ternald, 26 dayi from
E1Cr ' e - CLEARED.
Friday. April . 22.
Br rtrnr WyeSeld. Watson, Nanalmo; 1 West
i trn Fuel Company.
¦ Stmr Pomona. Swanson. Eureka; Pacific
Coant Steamship Company.
Stmr Thistle. Martinson, Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Association.
j-'tn.r Santa Hoca. Alexander. San Diego;
Paciiic Coast Steamship Company.
Schr Vega, Erratt. Golovin Bay; Wild Gaose
Mining and Trading; Company.
SAILED.
Friday, April 22.
Ptmr Centennial. Strand, Seattle.
Stmr Ma&Kle. Corning. Halftnoon Bay.
Stmr Geo ' W Eider. Randall, Astoria,
Htiar Alcatraz. Carlson. Greenwood.
¦ Br sttr.r Wyefleld. Watson, Nnnalmo.
Stmr Elizabeth. Jensen. Coqullle River
Jstmr Pomona. Swanson. Eureka. "
Stmr Brunswick. Ahletrom, Fort Bragg. .
Stmr GiDsy. Lelsnd. Santa Cruz.
Bark CofJ"Phene, Scheldrop, Xome,* via
Cha« E Falk. Hennlng»en, Redondo.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Aorll 22, 10 p m — Weather
clear: wind NW: velocity ."!6. miles per hour.
DOMESTIC POUTS/
PORT HARFORD— Sailed April 22,' 7 a m—
cjmr Hanta Cruz, for Ban Francisco.
-. FallodApril 22— Stmr Honita, for San Pfdro.
SEATTLE — Arrived April 22, S:25 & m —
Stmr Alaskan, hence April 18. ~
i Hailed AariU 22— Stmr- Geo W Loomia, tor.
Fe" FtuncUco. r-j '¦.*
HAINSWORTH ACCUSED
ON C1LARGK OF 1-YJRGERY
the Name of C. K. J'rink and
Cashed It.
Is Alleged to Have Indorsed Check in
G. K- Frink. president of Thomas
Downing. Incorporated, painters. 615
Mission street, ewore to a complaint
y*»?terday charging J. W. Hainsworth
with the crime of forgery. The war
rant was' handed to Captain Martin
end detectives are searching: for
Hainsworth.
It is alleged that on February' 23 a
check for J287 CO. signed by R.
Spreckels on the Canadian Bank of
Commerce, payable to Thomas Down
ing, Incorporated, was received by
Hair.sworth.. who was an employe of
the corporation. The, check was not
paid into the corporation's account at
the bank and it was not till a few
days ago that it was learned that it
had been cashed.
Inquiry was knade and it developed
that Hainsworth took the check to G.
IL Umbsen & Co., real estate agents,
20 Montgomery street, and had it
cashed.' It bore the indorsement of
G. K? Fripk, who declares his signa
ture was forged. r\ > •"
America Mnru Will Dock Tuesday.
The Japanese liner America Maru, which is
due from the Orient to-night or to-morrow
morning, will not dock until after the sailing
on Tuesday of the Gaelic. The passengers will
be landed by tut as poon as the vessel has
passed quarantine.
»
Flic Overdue List.
' The rate of reinsurance on the Lamoriciere
i was advanced ycrterday to 40 per cent. The
, other overdue* art" quoted as follows: La
1 tnoma, W per cent; Englehorn and Xotre
I Dame. 15 per cent, and Alba. 10 per cent.
•
Charters.
The schooner AIpx T. nrorrn Is chartered
lor coal and merchandise from British Colum
bia and Seattle to Unia flump sum): ship St.
jamei, lumber, from Puget Sound to Delapoa
Hay at 5T« 6d; echooner K. M. Slade. .same
busings*, from Gray's Harbor . to Sydney at
"The bark Ald»n Besse returns to Honolulu
wit,h general cargo.
Steamer. From. Duf -
Spokane Hum,boldt Apr. 23 |
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor Apr. -3
S.Barbara... Seattle & Olympla A P r - ~»
Ncvadan Honolulu & Kahulul.. Apr. J3
laqua San Pedro Apr. -J
Czarina Coos Day Apr. 2T.
Arctic Humboldt Apr. 23
Empire Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Apr. 23
Bee .*• Grays Harbor I Apr. Zi
Amer. Mar'i.. Yokohama & Honolulu. Apr. 2*
Aurelia Portland & Astoria. Apr. 21
Oregon Portland & Asto»'.a.\ . . Apr. 24
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 24
Del Norte Crescent City Apr. 24
San Pedro Humboldt ....Apr. 2+
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Apr. 25
Elerra Sydney & Wa» Ports. Apr. 2S
Argo Eel Kiver Ports Apr. 25
S Monica Han Pedro Apr. 2o
W. Kruger... Pan Pedro Apr. 25
Pomo. Humboldt ! Apr.
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Apr. 2B
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports.. .. Apr. 26
Pomona..'.... Humboldt Apr. 26
North Fork. . Humboldt ... : Apr. 20
Kureka Humboldt Apr. 2fi
Rzimp- Spattlo & Whatccm.... Apr. 27
Curacao Mexican Pprts ; Apr. 28
Acapulco New York via. Panama. Apr. 28
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Apr. 2S
Centralia Gr-ya Harbor Apr. 28
Santa Roes... Ha». Diego & Way Pts. Apr. 2S~
Point Ar«T.a.. Mendoclno &¦ Pt. Arena Apr. 2.S
G W Elder.. Portland & Astoria...^Apr. 29
Enterprise. . . Hllo. Apr. .",0
Santa Crur.-* San Pedro &¦ Way Pts. Apr. 30
UiratUla I Pusret Sound Ports. ...|May 1
Centennial.-.) Seattle & Tacoma IMay 2
China I China & Japan. ....... |May 3'
Will Not- Call at Shanghai.
Owing to their de*t> draft the Pacific Mall
Company'* -new liners Mongolia and Man
churia will not make Shanghai a port of call.
On every trip, however, they will call at Ma
nila, the service to that port being contrib
uted entirely by the two slant twins an-1
their smaller but more fashionable sisters, the
Siberia and Korea. It Is not known yet how
Ions the repairs to the Mongolia will take.
No time will be lost, however, and If «he is
rmtiy to take b?r t>lace according to schedule
she wJU carry from here about 5000 tons of
cargo.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
April 22. 1904. -^
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
bul'.diny Tias dropped exactly at noon, to-day —
I e . at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwwlch time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In chargre.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
AIRSHIP WILL ATTEMPT
TO SOAR THIS MORXIXG
Inxor.tor Says He Will Try to Encircle
The Call^Tourr and. Return
to Mooring.
The Greth airship, which was readj'
to mount to the clouds yesterday and
traverse the aJ»- in all directions at the
' t will of the navigator, was compelled
* to postpone its ascent on account of
the heavy winds blowing at the time.
This morning, however, if the weather
is propitious, the "California Eagle,"
as she is called, will leave her moor
iags. corner of Eleventh and Market
Vtreets, and. slowly risir.gr. will en
deavor to prove to the world that the
r.'avigatloTi of th« air has become ac
complished.
It is the intention of Dr. August
Gr«th, inventor of the ship, to have
her move over the southern portion of
the city, encircle The Call building
and then return to her quarters. Her
first trip last fall was crowned with
*a large meed of success and with her
improvements and augmented motor
power she stands chances of carrying
out the programme outlined for her.
If to-day is fine and no wind blow
ing the early rising citizens will un
doubtedly enjoy the unusual sight of
Beeing an air vehicle controlled by
human agencies floating over their
heads.
These toiBe. for Winners In Compet-
itive JDrill During Sovereign
Grand i Lodge Week.
: The executive committee of the Cal
ifornia Odd Fellows", .which is arrang
ing for the^ reception' and entertain
ment of the Sovereign Grand Lodge,
the. governing body of the order, dur
ing the week that it is in session in
this city next September, has decided
to offer a trophy and prizes to cantons
of the Patriarchs; Militant and to
lodges.
The first prize 'open to all cantons
entering in the competitive' drill will
be a stand of colors or a trophy, to
cost $300; first, prize, to cantons out
side of the jurisdiction . of California
entering the competition, $1000; sec
ond prize for such cantons, $500; first
prize for California cantons, $200; sec
ond, $150; third. $100; fourth, $50.
There will also be prizes of $50, $30
and $20 to cantons making the larg
est (numerical showing/on the occa
sion of the parade.
In. addition. prizes amounting in the
aggregate to $1000 will be distributed
among the lodges appearing in . the
street parade; for the best. float; for
the greatest number in line, and to
the lodge coming from the longest dis
tance from San Francisco.
CALIFORNIA ODD FELDOWS
OFFER VAIiUABIiE PRIZES
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time and Height of High, and Low Waters
at For Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published . by -ofHclal authority of
the Superintendent. - ¦ -
XOTE — The hiEh ar.d low water* occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at- Kort- Point; • the neight
of tide is the same, at* both place*. ___.
SATURDAY, . APRIL 23. . ;. . '. - .
Sun rises ..-• $j:23
Sun sets .......6:52
Moon gets ¦' l'-OP «- m -
B Time Time Time Time
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft."
? H W L, W H W , L. W .. .
23 4-51 4.7111:441 0.41 6:48 , 4.6 . .....
L, W H W 'L. W tH-W? '
24 0-24 2.5 6:10j 4.6 12:43 0.6 7:40 5.0
25 1-29 2 0 7:2fi 4.7 1:45 0.81 8:27 -Z.4
2G " : °7 14 S:40 4» 2:37 1.0 9:10 6.5
"7 3 : 18 Of 9:43 5.1 8:22 1.2 9:51 6.7
23 I 4:04 O.3ilO:43t 5.2|4:07 1.6 10:30 6.0
VOTE In tho above exposition of th« tides
the early morni.ic tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
dav In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column Hives the last tide of the'
day »xcept when there are but three tides, as
soiretlmes occurs. The heiehts given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — ) ,
EiKr. precedes the height, and then the number
riven Is subtracted from the depth given by !
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters^
- PERSONAL.
Dr. W\ G. Downing , of • Sulsun Is. at
the Lick. ; ' " • . .• , ¦ . • -¦ .¦;-'..
B. F. Brooks, an oil- man of Weed,
is at the Palace. :' v . ,."
Dr. A. Mi Ritchie «ot Pacific Grove
is at- the Grand. ':':'-0£. :¦
" General. C. F. -A. Last ofvLos An
geles Is at the Palace. .-^ ; , . . ,.
Arthur Levinsky, 'San 'attorney of
Stockton, is at the Palace.' '":..'
Bishop W. H. Moreland of Sacra
mento is at the Occidental.
Dr. C. E. Winslow of Bartlett
Springs is staying at the Lick.
William Pierce, a capitalist of Sui
sun. and wife are at the Palace.
Gualtiero Borghi, a coffee planter of
Salvador, is at the St. Francis; >
V." S. McClatchey, editor of the Sac
ramento Bee. is at the California. •
ArthurE. Davis,- a capitalist of Bos
ton, is registered at the St. Francis.
William Norman Canfleld, a wealthy
resident of Chicago, is at the St. Fran
cis.
Mayor M. It. Snyder of Lbs Angeles
is in the city and staying at the Pal
ace.
Arthur Hill, a prominent lumber
man of Michigan, is at the St. Fran T
cis. . .
E. L. Finley, proprietor of a news
paper at Santa Rosa, is at the Cali
fornia.
Benjamin K. Knight, District Attor
ney of Monterey County, is at the Cal
ifornia.'
' Jay W. Adams, Pacific Coast agent
of the Nickel Plate road, is at the Oc
cidental. .
William E. Gerber, State Fish Com
missioner, is down from : Sacramento
and registered at the Palace.
R. B. Burns, chief engineer of the
Western system of the. Santa Fe road,
arrived from Los Angeles • yesterday
and is at the Palace. \
J. B. ' Ricco,' the newly appointed
Vice Consul from Guatemala, arrived
from the southern' republic yesterday
and is at the Occidental..
R.T. Crane, a manufacturer of ele
vators in Chicago, who has been vis
iting Monterey with his' family,, ar
rived at the St. Francis yesterday.
• Edwin Ginn of the famous school
book publishing firm of Boston and
his family, 1 who have • been touring
Southern California, arrived at the St.
Francis yesterday. , -,
Charles S. Fee, passenger .traffic
manager of the Southern Pacific Com
| pany, returned -yesterday from! Santa
Barbara, where he attended the meet
ing of the Passenger Traffic Associa
tion. ; ;- t
Alonzo Tripp, under whose' super
vision the new, narrow gauge road be
tween Sodavllle and' Tonopah is being
constructed/ arrived , from the ;last
named mining camp yesterday and is
at the Palace. '* '' } '>
The Hon.' George Duncan of Eng
land, eon of the late " Earl of Camper-;
down and younger brother of .the: pres
ent Earl, and^his .wife and child were
among the' arrivals: yesterday ', from
Southern who registered "at
the St. Francis Hotel/ 'With his fam
ily, he has been making 'a tom\ of the ,
United States - and * Canada,, a \ journey
that was" undertaken last June."' " •
v' E. \P. RipleyV president of . the* Santa
Fe road, "who, with" his : wife, .has.been
spending several .weeks: in Santa Bar
bara, made -a flying trip 1 to San Fran- j
cisco J . yester'day and^ returned on . the
everiinge train jtq . tfaeg southern^ part | of
the- State." "^During* the day he 1 * visited
President • E. H. » Harrirnan . at -. the
Southern Pacific offices and "later stat
ed :that- within 'the "next"- three -weeks
the Santa ;, Fe ." would receive ' j; from
Chief Engineer,; stor^.rhaps -of '.: the
routes"; he has '•; selected; f or ;,: the -com
pany's ! purported (route , : from I Eureka
to -i Sari r Francisco. .^'President , Ripley, i
expects- to ; re turn to San- Francisco; ini
about aVweekyi" ':.'--.— ~- "^ .-' .":-¦-* ; -, : "-. !
Sun, Moon and Tide.
If Aladdin's lamp had burst its en
tire brilliancy over the city of San
Francisco it could not have thrown
more beautiful rays than did the dis
play of diamonds and other magnificent
Jewels that were exhibited yesterday
by the new firm, the Bohm-Brlstol
Company.
The concern has for a quarter of a
century been known as the leading Jew
e!ry house of Denver, Colo. Owing to
Its wonderful success in that line it
decided to seek other and larger fields.
With that end in view the company
picked out the "Western metropolis
xrith the idea that it would outdo
In splendor in placing Its stock before
the public anything that has ever been
Feen here. For months it has been fit
ting up as fine a store at 104-110 Geary
e treet a* the skill of architects and
builders could conceive, and to that
end has accomplished its design. Fix
tures of solid mahogany cut from the
heart of the tree and beautifully blend
ed give the store itself a pretty appear
•ence. ar.d the myriads of lights, that
ere backed by the richly tinted sides
end ceilin?, add to the pleasant effect.
And the jewels! How alluring, how
dazzling! The prismatic effect of that
collection of rare and costly jewels
makes the beholder believe that he Is
Jn a trance. Necklaces of solid dia
xnonds fill a case of goodly dimensions.
Among them a collar, set with the pre
cious white stones and costing $40,000,
Clves one the feeling of being In the
rresence of royalty. Brooches of all
designs, .comprising butterfly. 6Pider
a-nd other shapes, and valued from
$1000 to $5000 are next to attract the
eye- An emerald ring about the size
of a Email pea and worth $4000 is in
deed a gem. This fine stone was located
, by Mr. Bohm while he was traveling In
L/ondon and experts have pronounced
it one cf the most perfect In existence.
But when it comes to an array of cost
•ly Jewels, a pear shaped pearl of 62
grains, which the firm treasures as Its
leader, certainly holds pre-eminence.
The princely sum of $60,000 is given
as its worth. Gold purses as high as
55C0. shell combs ranging from $2 to
5300 and many other articles add to
the display.
An abundance of silverware, loads of
rncst costly watches and other articles
that go to make up a grand store are
on BhoV. Of the many clerks em
ptoyed are all residents of San Fran
<isco ar-1 have earned reputations in
'}><cb\ stores. The public exhibition will
be held this morning at 10 o'clock.
-General Balllngton Booth of the Vol
.uiiteers of "America arrived in the city
yesterday morning and received a cor
dial greeting, from 1 the members of the
organlzati9n;. . " »'
; Speaking of the work , or the Volun
teers and ;of ' the . numerous channels
which, it; has started ;to^alleviate the
suffering^of the poor and homeless, the
general sald:_ ','•-. '•;?•;
. - 1 J have heard that there are' thousands of
men out of employment-: in San Francisco and
I making a careful Inquiry, why these
roen~. are walking the : sldewalkB with their
harids in their pockets Instead" of havinr their
hands : and- eye» and brains employed in useful
handicraft' and labor. ¦ .' ' • ' }.': ¦ *
• .Now- the whole matter . comes to this — that
the ' adjustment between ' capital -and .labor is
one of - .the - most mpmentous questions that
confronts the people of • our times; .
3IE3X OUT OF E3IPLOYMENT.
.1 regret .to jce:.in traveling , through the
country", bo manjr /men out of 1 work, and
though I. ¦would,' not for . a moment begrudue
or lessens the steady earner . his ¦ wages it Is
ti be regretted* that: so many thousands of
men do. not let well cnouth- alone. ;
• With some men the: more they* get the more
they want. : Mind you,'- 1 say. and, emphasize
"some .men,',' ¦ until' the capitalists 'and mer
chants-, the company or the Institutions thai
employ them "are ¦¦"/compelled to throw them
off In order, t.o seek'relief from pressure.
Imagine -to-day the number of strikes, the
urrasy : condition of.,; the laborer. Had the
striking employes 'of .the land continued their
work with the wages they were receiving they
would have gained: more In the long. run than
by being, thrown out of employment, losing
their wages, Jeopardizing the -support of their
wives and families and in the end having
gained no specific advantage.
WAGES NEVER BETTER.
On the other side there Is an all responsi
ble duty on thar part of the employer that
wages be paid adequate to keep the workman
In some ¦ degree of comfort ' so that hik life
is not one of lengthened hours and undue toll
for a. remuneration which ; proves almogt un
sufHclent'to eke out one's existence.
¦ But : I am told by the conservative and
thinking: •worklngmaji that there never was
I a time in the history of the wage-earner
'.when the working people had more money than
now. .Savings banks are {till almost to burst
ing and- the problem teems to be, to return
to my former phrase, the adjustment between
employer and employe, and the plac« for that
•adjustment. In my humble • opinion, is to be
found In a board of arbitration which should
be, composed, .not of those- Tt-ho know nothing
about the ; particular labor Involved, but 'of
parties most Intimately and par&mountly con
cerned, r -'.-.: ¦•':¦ . ;•• ¦
General Booth Is to speak at the First
Presbyterian Church, Van Ness avenue
and Sacramento to-morrow
night, and at :the First Congregational
Church,* Post and Mason streets, on
Monday night.
Announcement; was' made.^ yesterday
by * the v general committee having \ in
charge the work' of .* providing a Sari
••Francisco building: -and San-iFrancisco
exhibit at the St. Louis Exposition
that ' Claua Spreckels" has contributed
$1000 to the fund." ; This 'donation .brings
up the 'total to$36,3pO. "in this Is in
cluded the 515,000 provided, by the .Su;
pervisors," $1500 ¦ by the Brewers' Asso
. elation, $1000 by. the - Board; of Trade
of San Francisco, $1000 by^the^Southern
•Pacific "Company arid $1000 by the Mer
chants' Association and imany .* smaller
amounts. A '• report, .was ' also received
that 40 per cent of ..the work on' the
San Francisco building. is* nnished.rUn
der the. contract \ this called for ;^ the
forwarding' of $5500.' -A draft: was f ac
cordingly., issued for, that 'amount to
the New York conti-actors who are
erecting the structure. ,
• From 'Architect. Samuel : Xewsom a
dispatch was received concerning, the
progress of work. The roof of \the city's
building is on, the.' floors; are in and
the tower is nearly "completed: Mr.
Newsom wired that the San Francisco
.building is conspicuous from the main
entrance to the great Exposition
grounds. It was foreseen that it would
be a landmark from '.that point and
the architectural design* was 'suggest
ed with the view for', gaining, for ".this
cify' all" the: advertising'- of a favor
able kind that was possible.
"¦ The San Francisco committee on dis
play has begun to make a collection
of books written . by '. San Francisco
authors and also of works "that relate
to San Francisco, whether written here
or elsewhere: The* sarne^ committee is
also providing for a collection of/busts
of well -known -» Sari .persons
and of famous. paintings. : Thiseveri- v
' ing the committeefat --large.'; will view,
at the home of United Arts' and
Crafts, 2203 Central ' avenue, a^ collec
\ tion of furniture, ' -desks,-; tabouretteg,
etc., to be exhibited, and also --;to^ be
used in the 'Sari Francisco' building. X
Righting of Disputes Should
Be Left to Parties \ Who
Are . Directly, g Concerned
New Firm Intends to Make
Its Advent in This City
an Event of Importance
Forty Per Cent of Work on
Municipal Structure Being
Bone' Committee Sends Coin
FAVORS ARBITRATION
The grroning importance of Salina
Cruz is beginning to impress itself upon
the commercial world and the name
of the Mexican port promises to be
come familiar as San Francisco with
shippers and travelers whoso goods
and whose Journeys call for trans
continental and trans-Pacific transpor
tation. Guatemalans and the residents
of other • Central American republics
are now going to New York by way
of Salina Cruz Instead of through this
city or by the isthmus route. The Kos
mos liner Hermonthls, which arrived
here yesterday from Hamburg 'and
South and Central American ports,
landed at the Mexican port a party
of thirty wealthy Guatemalans bound
for Xew York and St. Louis. The
Tehauntepec Railroad will carry them
to El Paso and its overland connec
tions the remainder of their long Jour
ney. The establishment of a line of
passenger steamers between' Salina
Cruz and the Orient is In contempla
tion and by the time the Mexican Gov
ernment has completed the extensive
dock and wharf scheme now under con
struction at that port Salina Cruz will
be a serious factor in the battle for the
Oriental trade.
The Hermonthls brought 6S0O tons of
cargo, which included 12,000 bags of
coffee*. The coffee crop now. .being
moved to market, and in the moving
of which the Kosmos line is doing its
full Ehare, is a generous one.' but next
year's promises to be one of the best
ever harvested.
The Hermonthis was 110 days com
ing from Hamburg. In addition to her
big cargo she brought treasure valued
at $13,950 and twenty-one passengers.
The latter included the following
named:
C Sauerbrey and wife. Maria, and Olga
Sauerbrey, Carlos Maul. May Obst, John Belitr.
Q. Borghl H. Panelli. Juan Ricca, Eliza Rleca.
Marsaret" Rlcca. Alice Melville. R. Relhe,
Julius Petem. C. M. Lead. D. M. Learner. D.
Tiphe, W. Connlrg. J. Andereon.
»
Cltv of Panama Arrives.
The Faciflc Mail Company's liner CItr of
Panama. Captain Porter, arrived yesterday
from Panama and way ports. She brought
thirteen passengers. TR2 tons of cargo and
treasure valued at S1S.7S3 83. Stormy weather
«a« encountered during the last . thret days
of the voyage. Among the passengers were
two bridal couples. Mr. and Mrs. Henry A. E.
Perech of Philadelphia, who are taking a
honeymoon trip around the northern half of
the continent, and Mr. and Mrs. James E.
Jordan who were married recently in New
Jersey." Mr. Jordan is a resident of this city.
The Panama's passengers were:
J H. Tuttle, James E- Jordan and wife,
Henry A. P. Persch ar.d wife. Mrs. Emma L.
Marr Hugh C. Wateon. George Cunningham.
Errest W. Mlnney and Nina A. Mtaney.
Sister Liners to Sail Together.
The Oceanic Steamship Company'* twin
i liners. Alameda and Alarlposa. will sail at 11
o'clock this morning, the Alameda for Hono
lulu and the Martposa for Tahiti.
Among thoFe who will *ail on the Alameda
are the following:
Mis-p Dora Jayne. Mrs. Georce W. Carr and
d?urhtt-r, Walter Clark and wife. J. J. Cor
rell. wii> and Infant. C. C. Barn?*. Mrs. G.
K. Wilder. Miss E. L. Barnes. Miss E. An
drews, F.d Poltttt. A. Rosenv.-eJd. Mrs. Wil
liam Catterson and child. Mrs. C P. Hull,
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Combs. M. M. O'Shaugton
»ES*y, E. Fisher. B. Brown. W. R. Douglas
R. Gardiner. E. Gardiner. B. G. Holt. Mr.
«r.d Mr». E- M. Walsh, L. Andrews. G. R.
Pirrie. H. L. Downey. T. T. Chave. A. H.
Mcffitt.
The Mariposa's pas«ercer« trill Include:
Mrs. De Emidt. Mrs. C. B. Keeler.--"W. R.
Alberccr. G. O. Keieler. A. White, Mrs. White,
Miss White. H. HeartSeld.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived April 21— Bktn
Gleaner, hence April 14.
Sailed April il— Schr Excelsior, tor San
Pedro; schr Louie, for San Francisco. '
ABERDEEN — Sailed April 21 — Stmr Bee. for
San Francisco. ,
BELLINGHAM — Sailed April . 21— Stmr
Shasta for San Francisco.
BALLARD— Arrived April 21— Schr Stlmson,
from San Pedro. • • - -' , -. >'
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed April 21— Schr
Marie K Smith. , for; San Francisco: schr Ruth
K Godfrey, for San Pedro; schr E K Wood,
for San Pedro. ¦ *n - . ¦ -.-' • :
REDOXIX)— Arrived April 22 — Stmr Lakme,
from Eureka: stmr. Asuncion, hence- April -20.
Sailed A^rll - 22— Stmr South Bay, for. San
Francisco; stmr • Samoa. . for San Pedro. *. .
EUREKA,— Arrived : April 2— Stmr. North
Fork, heace ¦ April 20. ' • . * n.
failed Arrih 22— Stmr ( Spokane. . for San
Francisco. - • •¦ . •
TATOOSH— Passed out April 22-^Ger bark
ArUmis. trcn\ Port Blakeley, for' West Ccast;
G«r chip Llka, for Melbourne: bark Palmyra,
for Kushatrak. • . ' . - • •
GHAYS HARBOR— Arrived April 21— Stmr
Centralia, hence April 18. - . .-.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived April 21—
Br ship Beacon Rock, from- Antwerp;" bktn .J
L Evl&ton, from Tacozna. * .
- PORT-' ANGELES — Arrived Ai>ril 22 — Brig
W O Irwin. from Roch Harbor, for San Fran
cisco. . - r • - ... « » •-."'.•
POINT LOEOS— Passed • April 22. 5 p m—
Stmr WhlteHb«ro, from Port Lo« Angeles, for
Point Arena. .*..=, . .. j. .-i - t"' '..¦
ABTORI A—Sallea April 22— Stmr Ores-on,
for San Francisco. " • , ' v .-¦
BAN PEDRO— Sailed April 21— Stmr laqua.
for San Francisco. . .....
Arrived Aoril 22— Ger bark Relnbek. from
Hamburg; atmrs South Bay and Samoa, from
Redondo: schr Challenger, from Wlllapa; schr
O M KelloKs. from Eureka.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed April . 22— Schr Ad
mlral. for Everett, i
. COOS BAY— Sailed April 22— Stmr Alliance,
for Astoria; schr Vlklnsr. for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived April 21— Schr Mary
E Foster, from Port Blakeley. . April 22— Stmr
Korea, hence Aorll 16. •
Sailed April 21— Stmr Ventura, for Sydney.
HARWICH— Arrived | A»rtl 20— Br ship
Lauriston. from Tacoma.
¦ BR1SBAXE- Sailed April 21 — Br trtmr Ml
owera, for Vancouver. : .
COLON— Arrived Aorll 19— Stmr aty ol
¦Washington, from New Tork-
QfEEXSTOWN— Sailed April 21— Fr bark
Jules (jommet, for Hull. - - « '
ttCNGEXXES- I'assed April 21 — Bf ship
Scottish Lochs, hence Dec 6 for London.
FALMOUTH— Parsed April : 22— Fr bark
Canrobert. hence l>ec 6 for Queenstown. ". :
NAGASAKI— Sailed JVprll ¦ 22— U -. S etmr
Sherman, for Honolulu and ¦ San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Sailed April 22— Br stmr Aga
memnon, for China and Japan.
BKILLLLXT EXHIBITION
BUILDEES GET DRAFT
Fine G*mis of Princely Value
Included in the Stock of
the Boliin-Bristol Company
General Ballingt on Booth
'Says- Artisans Were Never
Better Off Than To-Day
Donations for San Francisco
Building* and Its Exhibits
Are More Than $36,000
Makes Quick Voyage From Hamburg, Stopr
ping at Salina Cruz to Land Party of
Wealthy Guatemalans Bound for the- East
COSTLY JEWELS
ARE DISPLAYED
FUND RECEIVES
ANOTHER BOOST
THINKS STRIKES
UNNECESSARY
BIG LINER HERMONTHIS
ARRIVES AT THIS PORT
THE SAN FRANCISGOGALIi; APRIL; 23,r 190^:
TO SAIL.
7
ADVEBTISEMENT&
'f '¦' ¦ .»'<""' ' ' j: -
Pears' soap is dried a
whole year. - f That's why it
lasts so. It wears as thin '
d visit DR. JORDAN'S qreat A
OF ANATOHYf
t Q< ; Ch 10511UBXISST.1»i.6:h*7ti,8.r.Cil. A
\ i .-*. TjT- ¦ : The Largest An«tcmic»l Museum in the \
4/ f irVlri»L - W«rld. ¦ We»k*esset »r -any cmttracted A
i. SSslSwi d -» r " e p««HI»*ly cnr.it hy tfce «!;iest Y
O #£0£§§ -peciilistoa tkeCoitt Eit. 3* years. Q
A fl^^fi DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 6
\ P*SjKJJB Con«lt«ion free and ffrictly priTate. \
0 i 3S"8t if Tr « tI "e n t personally or by letter. A Q
\ B 0" *V1 D Potitiv* Our* in eyery cascundrnakea. . \
A F ll ' II A ' w ''te f" r *>o*k. PniLOSOPBY mt A
V* If I}" DAnnUOK, ¦ MAILED ritHK. ( A F
A V* ' • Cr '*' ra ' ul ' ) ' < book for m^n) . "; . . . -^ : Z"\
'(/ Oil. JOCPAN Aft*.. 1051 Market St.. S.F.V
RAILWAY TRAVEIi. ;
¦iROSSVAliEY, ¦•'•
•OZi^a:Etc.
¦i Via Sausalito rerry/
Suburban Service, r Standard Gauge Electric—
.'-. Depart from San, Francisco. Dally i7:00. 8:00,!
0:00 10:00,-11:00 a. m:.' 12:20. 1:45.3:15. 4:18.'
6 -15' < 6:15. "7:00. 8:45.' 10:20. 11:45 p. tm.. v- «...
FROM SAN 'RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Daily.- 5:25.' 6:35.«7:40,v 8:35,vB:35. 11:05 a.
m.. 12:20. 1:45.-, 2:55.-3:45. {4:45. 5:45,i6:45.
8:45.'tl0:20 p.Mn. 1 * ". • - - - v -" -. -';
• FROM MILL VALLEY \TO ¦ SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally. ¦= 6:45. ' 6:65, 7:52.- 8:55. • 8:55,
,ll'2O a m.,12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 5:05. «:05.
7:05.;8:00.]0:35 p. ni. " v
: ;.•;/;.;; through ;trains. : ' - -¦ -
' 8:00 a, m.r dally-^-Cazadero and way stations.
' : 5 :15 ! p.* m. '.wetk l days ¦ (Saturday, excepted} —
Tomales . and .way.- stations. •- .: ~ :'i. • -
¦¦ , 3:15 '¦' p. ; in. "Saturday*— Cazadero.' and way
stations.? v, /. ¦• •;;¦.. ' _¦¦: , ' '¦:.<¦¦ :. ¦'¦ :¦'¦ -,*>..¦; . -
. Sundays only— 10 a. m.. . Point Reyes and
way statlonsr-- 1 •' ¦ '¦• ¦ »i" - " ... :• ' " ¦
--TICKET OFFICE— €26 Market St. ¦ '¦ . ¦- > '
. ; JTERR r— Union Depot, foot < ot Market St.
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
;^.^..« . —
/ •x^ T7^>^A^ Tr»I»s lear» sad »r»
fo/&&*<£&\- d»«to«rrlT.«t
I V) kMOSNajUiASTA 2.1 SAN FRANC I3CO. -.
\ '4— \ Jttf r *°* ArBIX IS. M04.
V^*^"^^\/ rinr Dejpot
N^^^ | Xj/r . fl"oot of If arket Strtet.)
mati - MAIN LINE. -asUtT
7J)0* V«caTllle. % Wlater». Rumtey- 7J0^
7.00a Benlda, Bolton. Eltnira aad Bsersr -
ment« 7-2Qr,
: f. 7.30* Vallejo. Napm. Callitoga. Saala
Kosa. Martinez. Ban Ramon 6-20?
7-30* Kile*. Llrermore. Tracy, Latarop.
Btockion 7.20r
800* Ehiita Kxprest — (Via Davli). .
¦ Wmiamt (tor Bartlett Spring*).
I ' Willows. tFrnto. Ked BlnS.
Portland, Tacoma. Seattle 7-50"
•¦DO* Darn. Woodland, Knight* Landtag.
MarysTHle. Ororlllo 7.50>
•JO* Port Cost a. Martinez. Anlloca. , •."
Byron, Tracy. Stockton. Kew-
man. Los Banoa. Mend ota,
AnnoBs. Haaford. Vlialia,
. Porterrllle..;.. 4^0t»
IJ50* Port Costa. Lathrop. Modest*,
lierced. Fretno, Ooia«a Junc-
tion. Hanford, , Yitalla, Bakers-
fleld 4.50p
•30a Kim, Sao Joie, Llrermore. Stock-
-¦?¦. ton, (til lltoa), lone, Sacmmeato,
\ Plscerrtile. UsrysrUle. Calco,
n«d Bloff ; 4-20r
1.30a Oakdtle. Cnlnese. Jamestowm. So-
nor*. Tnolntnoe and Angels ....; 420?
. 8.00a Atlantic Express— Ogden and East. 11.20*
S.30* Richmond, Marttsez . aad Way
' Station* 8 60p
10. CO* Toe Orerland Limited — Ogdsn.
. Dearer. Omaba, Cnlcago.. 8.20t>
IOJOa Vallejo 1220» '
10430a Lot Aareles Passenger — Port
Costa. Mtrtlsez. Byron, Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
r Raymond. Fresno, Oosben Jnno-
tlon. Hanford, Lesaoore. Vlsalla.
Bakerinetd. Los Angeles ....... ., 7-20*'
|2.00x Hay ward. Klles aad Way Stations. 3.2O
t1-00i» Sacnmento RlTer Steamers tii.OOr
iZOr Brnlcla, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Kalghts Landing.
UtryiTllle. OroTlllo and way
. stations 10.50*
I 3-301" Hayward. N'tlefaB* Way Station*.. 7.60p
5.30r Port Costa, . Martinez. Byron.
¦Tracy. Latarop, Modesto.
. ¦< ' Merced, Berenda. Fresno and
Way Buttons beyond Part. Costa 12-20P
5.30r Tosemlte Valley. Mod™ Wed.. Frl. 8.20a'
5.30p Martinez. Trscy, Stockton. LM1... 10.20a
400p Martlnez.SanRiunon.ValleJo.Kapa,
Csllitofta, Santa Roaa "9.20a
4J00t Nlles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.20r
430r Haywnrd. Nlles. lrrlngton. Ssin 1 f8.J>0*
Jose. LlTermore ) $11.50*.
SJtOr Tbe Owl Llntted— Kewmaa, Los
¦ .-.- lUnoo. Mi-ndoia. Frenno. Talara,
' "¦¦ Bakerifleld. Los Angeles.
• EXOr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12.20*
HJMtT Hsyward. Klles and San Jose 7.20a
6-OOr Hayward. Nlles and San Jose...'.... 9 i0*
••OOr Eastern Express— Ofrden. Denrer.
Omaha, 8t. Lonts. Cnleago »nl
East. Port Costa, Benicla. Sal-
son, Elmlra, Darls. Sacramento,
'Rocklln. Aabarn, Coif ax.
- • Tmckee, Boca, It e no. Wads-
worth, Wlnnemncca " 5 20c
8. OOr Vallejo, dally. except Snnday.... I 7e ..
74)0p Vallejo. Sunday only f / ' t » BF
7JCQr Kichmond. Baa Pablo. Port Costa.
Martinez and Way Stations...... 11.20a
¦ XBr Oregon * California Express — Stc-
. nimeoto, Marysvllle, ReddlaQ
Portl»o4. Puget Soand and Eait, 850*
8.1 Op Hayward, MUes and San Jose (Snn-
dayonly) 11.60»
COAST LI N E U»*rr»w 6asg«). .
¦ (Koot of Market Street.?
'7.46a Santa Cms Excnrston(Sandsy only) 8-1 Of
8.1 Ba Newark, ' O«BterTllle. Baa Jose,
. Feltan. Boalaer Creek. 8anta
Crna tad Way Stations S.55**
X.ISr Newark. CeatcrTllle. Saa Josa,
New Alas'ien.Los Gatos.Feltoa,
Boalder Creslc. Santa Croi asd
Principal Way Statloas *10S6*
4.1O Rewark. Saa Jos«, Los Gatos ant J 18. 55 a
way nation* I tiO 55 >
HARBOR FERRY.
From 8AA FKAJN CISCO. Foot of Market St. (SUi>4>
-tT:l5 t:00 11:00 a.k. 100 3-00 6.16r.v.
?rom OAKLAND. Foot ef Broadway — f 6:00 tS:!»
; tt:05 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 400 r.sx.
COAST LINE <» road ban,,).
%W (Third and Townsend Streets.)
8.10a Baa Joae and Way Stations 630i-
1700* San Jose aad Way Stations... 6-40>
7.15a Monterey and Santa Crnz Kxenr-
• slon (Sunday only)... 10 30r ,
8.00a 'New Ahnaden (Toe*.. Frtd.. only), 4.1Q*
8 00* The Coaster— Stops only Saa Joie,
Gllroy (connection for Hollls-
tcr). Pajsro. CastroTille (con-
nection to and from Monterey \
asd Pacific Grore). Salinas. Saa
Ardo, Paso Koblea Santa Mar-
gsxIU. Saa Lais Oblspn. principal
j •:.«.* . atatlons tbence Sarf (connection
for Lompoe). principal statloas ¦
tbence Santa Barbara.Ssa Bnena-
Tentura. BurbanV. Loa Angeles. 10.431
I 9.60a Esn Jose. Tres Piaos. Cspltola,
SsntaCraz.PaclleGrore.Saltnas.
. San Lais Oblspo aad Principal ¦ ' ¦
j f Wsy Station* :......... -4.10i»
1C.30* Saa Joi« aBdWnyStatloss.. ...... 1.20r
11 JO* Santa Clara. 8aa Jote, Los Gatos
' aad Way Stations 7J8p.
1-30? San Jose and War Siat'ons 8 Hi
. I CO* 1 Del Mevte Rxarrss— Saata Clar%
Ban Jote. Del Monte, Monterey.
Pacific Orore (connects at Santa ,
«']*ra. except Sunday, for Saata
Croz. Boulder Creet and Narrow
Gangr Points) at Gllroy for Bar-
lister, Tres Plaos. at Pajaro for
Santa Crnz, at Castxortlls for '
Salinas :.::... ..../.. ...;....;.'.. 12.15*
3-SOr.TresPlnos Way Passenger 1045a
4-SQi* fan Jose and Way Stations tS.OO*
j 15 00i- Santa Clara, Sun Jose. Los Sato*,' ¦¦-> i
and principal Way Stations (ex- .
ceptSnoday) ; t9 00*
|5-30p eanJoieandPrincipalWayStatloss §3 43*
6 4Sr Soaset- Limited.— Kecwoml. Saa
Jo»f, Gllroy. . salina*. fmollobles
- San Lais Oblspo, Santa Barbara. '
Los Angeles. Demlne. El Paso; ' ' ,
New Oriean*, New Tork. , Con-
nects at Psjsro for Santa Cm*
and at Ca«troTtu« for Pactae
Gro*e a^d Way Stations .' 7-1B\
(8-16p fcai. Matro.Bcrr«ford,B#ilx.ont.San
Carlos, Redwood,- Fair Oaks. . - -
• Meaio Park. raloAlta... ....".... t€-«8«
. 8 30p Saa Jose and Way Statloas..-. 8 36*
8-OOp Pslo Alto aad "Way Stations 10.15a
11.30P South San Francisco. MUlbrae. Bor-
llnKame. San Mateo, Belmont.
. Saa Carlos. Redwood, Farr. Oaks,
Menlo Park, aad Palo A1U> 9.45c
•11.307 Mayfleld, Mouauin View. Snnny-
- Tale, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
¦ -¦. 8aa Jom.v. :.....'. t9.4SP
' • '¦• A tor Morninc P far Aftaraoon. " ¦
ISnnday excepted.*.. t Snnday only,
a Saturday only. • . .
I Slops at all stations oa Sunday." • ' '
l3^"Only trains stopping at Valencia St. soat&boanc I
are6:10*.M.. 7:00*. m.. T:Ui.i, 11:30*. K^ 3:30r.»^
1:30 r.K. and 8:00 r.K. • •
IWt, Tam alpais Railway
,\ '¦ .<*Lmnw -:¦¦¦¦ TlaSraalit* haj " XnSi~~"
v as»PTancbe«) F»st sf Msrtst a - 9aaFraadse»
\*v*«k|;Sm>T . . ::¦ ¦ mgm S«s- |W«e?
Daya. dayt JaBBHS^. <**>* Pay*.
*-W3aJ»8:OOa fftfrttfflil tSiOtpfO~*4S|
•1:45p »:OOa H X^# l:85r S:S0r
•tlSp IOjOOa 1SbS^!F " : »°- 5:5O»
— _ 11:OOa 4iS»rtiM»
i l:45p ti56r __
TTI f»«tt. '- *** a * > | ¦'
• *8— »st wlta tfaft It **^ tm>w (sap
"tlCOt iea8MA*xxTST,(NorthSboT8Rallros4r*
WHS* I sad SAB«Aurro Fsatar. Foot Uarkat 3c
The fedtfr Call
16;Pa^es.: $1 pep Ycai»:
¦ A P V E^-TT^'Pf'MTiNTff.'
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS. pst bear
Fac-simile Signatnre_of /&^%£&z£
At)toiutei » Cure! S^ 3 3 3 eLBa
K« m
£%zJem&X sick headache, mm | \s ST T3
torpid liv er. h ¦ w tU IX
fmM FURREDT0NGUE -^^ ff^a ¦ i #%
mm M indigestion. 'Wm Ol 1 1 Ss
& Ifcl CONSTIPATION JKll
sallow skin WUBBBsBBf** ¦' ¦¦¦ IjIlSSHBH
They TOUCH the [L- I 17 & V\ >m*ii Pric*
Genuino Wrapper 1 Printed on y f .^ ii~"
PED PAPER BLACK LETTERS _/<^-^- ld&&l-?Z*
Look to* th. Slfnatur* VTt^f^^^t^^Zr^
BAIL WAY TBAVEL.-- ,
The North Western-
Union Pacific Excursions
a Rbrd nniisuzl opportunities for. aa
ecoaotnlcal and uasfactcry journey to
ChicagorEast
Excursions Every. Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday.
Thursday, Friday
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
Choice of routes.
For full Information apply to er adirass
R. R. RITCHIE. S. F. BOOTK.
General Agent, ' Cent Afeat Fuit DepL*
CU»c° & North- Western Ry. Union Pacific R. R.
. 617 Market St. - No. 1 Monfioraery-St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
ff BB i*k
CALIFORNIA I
LIMITED TO CHICAGO 1
LEA VES DA IL Y i
at !):.1O a. m., thronffn in 3 days, I
with diner and all trapping-*. . I
Other Santa To Trains:
7:30 a. m.l for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
! 8:00 p! m!J Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansaa City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot. S. F. Also 1113 .Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. 37 South First St..
San Jose. • ¦ ' '
CALIFORNIA NORTWESTEBN RY. CO.
3LiBSSH!E3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFiS
RAILWAY COMPAKT.
Tibnxon Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAW PKANCISCO TO SAW EAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. »:0O, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10, ti :30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
r.t 11:30 c. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; l:30t
3:30, 5:00. 6:20, 11:30. p.m.
SAN BAFAEL TO SAW i FEAIf CISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:35, 7:50. 8:29. 11:15
a. m.yi2:50. 3:40. 6:00. 5:20 p. m.
EaturdayJ — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
• SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m. ; 1:40.
3:40, 4:&5. 5:05. 6:25 p. m. ,'
• Leave I In Effect j . ¦ Arrive
San Francisoo.| Sept. 27, 1903. |Saa Francisco.
Week I Sun- I - - Destlna- J Sun- I Week
Days. I dayg. | . tion. ( day. | Daya.
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:10 a 8:40 a
9:30a ' Ignacio. 10:40a 10:20a
3:30 p 3:30 p - . 6:05p «:20p
6:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p
. i ;30 a > ~ ~- ~- ~ 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a ' Npvato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:30p 9:30 a Petaluma 8:05 p 6:20 p
6:10p 3:30p . . and 7:35p
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7-30 a I . ¦ ,' 10:40a 10:20 a
8:00a Fulton. 7:35p 6:20p
. 8:30 p 3:30 p • • - ¦ ¦ v
.¦ • . • .-..- Windsor; ~~\
7:30 a 8:00 a . Htaldsburc. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton. -.- ¦ ,
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle, 7:35 p 6:20 p
. ¦ Cloverdale. • •
7:30a 8:00a Hopland 10:40a 10:20a
; 3:30 p 3:30 p and Uklah. 7:35 p 6:20 p
.7:30 a| 8:00 a| : Willits. | .7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:S0 a
• 3:30 pi 3:30 p| - Guernevllle. \ 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 ap'" Sonoma. |9:10a|8:4»a
- 5:10 pt 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. ( 6:05 p| 6:20 p
. 7:30 aT 8:00 al ,. , 110:40 a|10:20 a
.'3:30 p| 3:30 p| SebastopoU f 7:35 p| 6:20 p
- STAGES : connect ." at ; Green ' Brae for ' San
Quentin. at Santa Rosa . for . White • Sulphur
Springs; at Fuhon for Altruiia and Mark West
Springs; at Lrtton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for •Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Bocneville and Greenwood- at
Hopland for Duncan Spring*. Highland Springs i
Kelseyville/ Carlsbad Springs. ¦¦ Soda Bay. Lake"
I port and Bartlett ; Springs: at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, LlerlyV
Bucknells. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Orf'-
Hot Sprtng«., Halfway House. Comptche, Camn
Stevens. Hopkins/ Mendoclno City, Fort Bra**
West Point, Usal; at Willits for Fort Bragi*
Westport.V Sherwood. • Cahto. Covelo. . Layton-
ville. CummlnES. Bell's Springs, Harris , Ol-
sen's/" Dyeiv, ' OarbervUle. - Pepperwood. Scotia '
and Eureka. ' -
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-'
duced rates.' „¦'. •• .- * . ¦ , ., . ¦ .-..
•f On v Sunday round-trip ; tickets to all points
beyond San RafaeC at half rates. ¦ .
- Ticket", offices. 630 ; Market street. Chronicle
bulldlnc.. '-¦"¦'¦ ""« j • - • ¦ :
.a, a: c -¦ whitintj, .: . n:~ x. r ian. ¦'¦:¦ '.
':•¦' •: .. Gen. Manacer. . - : ¦: Gen. Pass. Act. '- i
*^2M£mi&L3
MARKET ST. Sf. T **8ftS^Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and'public men by thi
Press, Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. -Telephone Main 1012. *
-There was a contest : of^ strength , between ; the work of
the'- little; coral polyp and- man, 1 as ; shown >^in the damage
suffered by; the mammoth { Mongolia off the .Brazilian
coast; and the 'polyp almost won. . It isn't always the size
which counts - . -.
Townsend's California Glace Irutta and
choice: candles. In artistic fire-etched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends.
715 Market street, above Call building. •
In voting an additional $25,000, or $60,000 in all, to the
triennial conclave to be held in this city the Grand Com
mandery of the Knights Templar has more than upheld
the splendid .traditions .of that body" for generosity. * The
people of, San Francisco should appreciate its -efforts and
see that everything possible is done to make the con
clave.a.brilliant sliccess : • '}'' '."''¦* \>
This week good, eyeglasses, specs^ 23c
50c «9 4th (front Key's Cel.Oys. House).*
Our Oakland neighbors are anything but half-hearted
in v . their (efforts toward municipal be'tterment At the
meeting of the Progress Federation of Oakland, Wednes
day > evening, held -inithe interest of the, proposed im
provement bonds,: delegates were present from "-commer
cial and" religious- bodies,' fraternal and labor organiza^
tions, business associations and from < improvement clubs.
'With such united work. nothing can come. but success."
> -There are atout.sevenspecies of fla
mingoes'' Inhr. biting ; the ' tropical j parts
of both hemispheres*, three of which are
in 'America,' frequenting ithe^Bahamas,
Florida' and Cuba.. 5 : In* height the bird
What is thought to be the first and
only group of flamingo* nests ever seen
in this country will soon be placed on
exhibition at the American Museum
of Natural History. This is expected
to be, one of the most attractive dis
plays- In ' the museum, representing
these beautiful and rare birds in their
natural haunts and showing their char
acteristic appearance. Professor Frank
M. : Chapman of the department of orn
ithology; to obtain -Ahe necessary ma
terial for this purpose, made /a recent
visit . to : the Bahama • Islands, .which is
a ¦". favorite : resort ; of the \ : flamingoes.
This" explorer has started again "for
these Islands to secure additional ma
terial and to collect if possible more
detailed information", especially "of their
nesting and breeding habits/ which v are
almost wholly unknown to ! naturalists.
This, if ''obtained, will >: be a' valuable
scientific"^ con tHbutionr; filling ; a 1 present
blank - page in the = history of bird life
in r Am erica/ „' * T /
'A Disappearing Genus.
ZEBRULA— C. A. H.. Contact, Nev.
Richard Guenther, United States Con
sul Geheralat Frankfort, Germany. In
consular reports for October 1903, has
an . interesting article on the Zebrula,
a cross . between the horse • and zebra,
which, according to the German pa-,
pers, will In the twentieth century, re
place the jnule. Professor.Cossar Ew
arts, he states,- has since lS9S-been try
ing '. to produce crosses between horses
and; zebras with a view to developing
an animal superior In every respect to
the mule. A full grown zebrula is
14 hands high and the girdle circum
ference is about 63 inches. On account
of the hardness of the. hoofs it is es
pecially adapted for all transport work
heretofore performed by . mules. A
letter addressed to* the Consul' General
will no doubt-bring you a reply giving
all ; the information you desire about
the new beaut* of . burden.'" v.
CALIFORNIA RAILROADS— X. T.
Z., City. The first railroad in Califor
nia was the Sacramentd Valley road,
which placed platform cars' on its
track on the 17th of August. 1S35. con
veying thereon a party to a point ten
miles out of Sacramento. The road
was opened to Folsom February 22.
1856. The road was opened to Shinzle
Springs, twelve miles from Placervflle,
June 20, 1865. The San Jose road was
opened to Mayfield in October. 1SS3.
and on January 16.1S64, it was opened
to San Jose. In 1569 it was extended to
Gilroy.
ETHEREAL mildness has not yet appeared east
of the Rockies. Snpw, a foot of it, -is in evidence
from St. Paul to St. Louis, and on the. Ohio River
and in Kentucky. 'The temperature has fallen far
toward zero. and fruit and crops are in trouble. Whet)
sleigh riding is compulsory ori April 20'and railroads
are blocked by snow over such a wide region in the
East it is in order, to invite the victims of such weather
to California; * 1
On the same day the. temperature here, in the same
latitude as JThicago, was 54, and strawberries just ripen
ing. . In the latitude of St. Louis "it was 58, and at some
points 65, and grain is heading. Some of the deciduous
fruits are as' big as marbles and cherries will be^ ripe
in three weeks. The whole landscape is green and wild
grass is 18 inches high. We '¦% may observe also that
these temperatures are below our normal for'this' time
of year. ( ' . \ " '..
If Eastern people know when they are not well <- off
and want to know, where they can be well off . they
shouldshake the April snow from their shoes and head
for California as soon, as possible. This is the only
winterless pa*t of the continent, and : if people want to
live in an open-fire country,; where shad and straw
berries are in the "market eleven months in the year,
they must come to California.- : '.V s
/There are many of our people.' now at St. Louis; in
charge of our great exhibit at the exposition. They are
wading in' a ; foot of snow in -that part of "the sunny
South,", and will no doubt have something warm to say
about jthe weather there and at home. The only visitors
now; in St. Louis who ; will feel at .home are thevPata
gqnians, who brave the bleak climate of Terra v del
Fuego dressed, in \a single skin and savage
innocence. ' They" wiir.firid T St. /Louis like another. Pata
gonia.: But Californians > will find in it only .the opporr
turiity to contrast conditions '¦ with : their home climate. '
APRIL IN THE EAST.
TATTOO MARKS— G. R. N., City.
The Chemical ' News is authority for
the statement that '"tattoo marks will
disappear if first well rubbed with »jg
salve of pure acetic acid, then with a
solution of potash and finally with
hydrochloric acid."
The welcome rain of the last few days has been gene
rously distributed from San Francisco to San Diego
and has done a world of good. From all appearances
California wili need a larger cornucopia than usual this
year to hold the gifts for her favored people.
RAILROAD SITUATION— W. J. W..
Alcatraz, Cal. To obtain a situation on
one of the railroads, select the road
and then address an application to the
head of the department in which .you
would like to work. ¦ '
PACKAGES— B. M., Petaluma, Cal.
There" are several places in Oakland
that for _ a compensation receive pack
ages for safe keeping, but these are pri
vate concerns and this department can
not advertise them.
DRUNKARD GULCH— Subscriber.
City. " Drunkard Gulch in Marlposa
County, Cal., is distant 188 miles from
San Francisco, and is reached . by rail
to Merced, 152 miles, thence by stage
thirty-six miles.
Answers to Queries.
A manufacturer of pyrotechnics in
Nagasaki, Japan, makes a rocket from
which, when it explodes in the air,
there flies away a large bird which
resembles a homing baul In its move
ments. It is said thal\the secret of
this wonderful production has been in
the possession of the eldest child of
the family for more than 400 years.
A\\ Ancient Secret.
Lord Elgin, the first British Minis
ter to Japan, presented to the Shogun
on behalf of the Queen a small yacht
of 400 tons, named the Emperor, and
this was the first steam vessel owned
by the Japanese Government. Shortly
after the restoration . the Mikado's
Government purchased f r&m the United
States Government the Stonewall Jack
son, an ironclad ram of 1200 tons bur
den, and this was the^ first ironclad
¦owned by the Japanese. In Septem
ber, 1867, the Shogun obtained from
the British Government the services of
Commander Tracy, R. N. (now Admiral
Sir R. Tracy), and a small party of
British naval offlcersi and men, for the
purpose of giving systematic instruc
tion in seamanship and gunnery to
young I Japanese officers; _but five
months later the revolution whici
drove the Shogun from his position
broke out, and the Naval Mission, as
"It was termed, was withdrawn, first
to Yokohama, and then home to Eng
land. In the. year 1873, when the new
Government had got somewhat settled,
a second naval mission, headedH by
Commander Douglas, R. N. (now Ad
miral Douglas), consisting of about
thirty men and officers, was lent by
the British Government, .and during
six years it did excellent service in
training officers and laying the founda
tion of the Japanese navy. A naval
college was built in Toklo, and a very
complete course of. study and training
was organized! The naval college was
later on. removed to Etajlma, in the
Inland Sea, an academy for senior offi
cers was established afTokio, and gun*
nejy and torpedo schools were also or
ganized. Yokusuka dockyard, which
had been started under the Shogun
by French engineers, was extended and
I is now a very large and important es
tablishment, and generally the organ
ization of the Naval Department was
put . on a : basis' which enabled it to
; develop on right lines and lead up . to
•its present very important position. In
1877 the Japanese seriously entered on
the acquisition cf modern fighting ships
and in- that year the first ship espe
cially built for them* in England— a
broadside central battery ship of 3700
tons— designed by Sir Edward Reed,
was launched on the Thames. She was
followed by several small Dut power
fully armed ironclads. Since the war
with China a great expansion has tak
en place, and at the present time Japan
has a navy which in offensive and de
fenBlve armor. k» speed and steaming
capacity, will hold its own with any in
the world of equal size. .. .
Japans First War Vessel.
GOOD work has been performed. by the Santa Cruz
Sentinel for Santa Cruz County by the publica
tion of a handsomely illustrated story of "Why I
Moved West,'' which is sent out in, supplement form for
handy , distribution. The illustrations are confined to
photographic views of Santa Cruz County in* its variety,
which collectively make up. a brave show. A glimpse at
these is sure to prompt desire on the part of all to per
sonally visit the localities.
One picture presents Santa Cruz, a modern city of
10,000 inhabitants. -Another shows a ,trainloadof eigh
teen cars of apples leaving Watsonville in October for
the East. Lands that yield 300 sacks of potatoes to the
acre engage the camera. Pacific avenue, in the city of
Santa Cruz, looking southward, and the drive that fol
lows close to the edge of the sandstone cliffs, with the
strong line of white ocean foam on its verge,, are de
picted. Various vistas of the bathing beach at Santa
Cruz, the natural bridge on the. cliff drive,' Capitola, a
typical Santa Cruz landscape, each has attention pic
torially. * ~ , '
..-Then , there are .scenes that attract, the attention and
wonderment of all visitors that arc given prominence.
Not the least in interest of this series is a strawberry
patch 150 acres in extent. Of course the big trees are
used with effect.
r| Santa VCruz is taking proper measure^, to become
known better. No community in California can afford to
do less. The area of^this imperial State is so great and
the lines of travel are so long, that the casual visitor
never sees more than a few of the beautiful cities and
town^of California. It has been the purpose of The Call
to give ample space to helping all sections of the State.
The results have been gratifying. The papers of the in
terior necessarily must be relied upon to supply much
local information. This they do well. When they ad
vance their own sections,, the prosperity that they pro
mote brings rewards commensurate with the endeavor.
This is true of sectional work and also of toil directed
to the promotion of the welfare of the State as a whole.
Following his article in the last Sunday Call on "How
Fighters Break Their Own Bones," Professor Van -Court
of the Olympic, Club has written the most sweeping
criticism that has ever been made against the modern
boxers, under the title "Foul Fighting in the Ring/' and
iHustrated.it with the' most striking set of photographs
cf pugilists in action ever reproduced in a newspaper.
Perhaps the most 'pleasing examples of up-to-date
journalistic art will be found in the full-page picture of
popular' society women painted from* life by Mrs. Rosa
Hooper Plotner and, the full-page reproduction of one
of the. most striking jpaintings at the Spring Exhibition
at the Hopkins .Art by E. Spitzer, entitled
"Noontime in a Dressmaking* ; Establishment." •, -
- In addition to all the foregoing there is much more
of equal merit, , notably "Migration and Matrimony";
."Spring Freshet of Fiction," by Robert W. Ritchie; the
"Scrap Book Page,- "Our Army Signal- Service Which
the;Japs Copy," etc.;,; etc., all making up a magazine of
rare excellence. . . :
In 'The Million-Dollar Freight Train," Frank Spear
man begins a new series of railroad stories, more thrill
ing and stronger by far than any that have yet appeared
in the Sunday Call from his pen. Once a reader of
Spearman's stories, always an ardent "admirer. His tales
cannot be equaled anywhere in the world.
In the first section of the Sunday Call appears the
third installment of . Archer .Butler. Hulbert's remark
able novel of Korean superstition- and- Russian secret
intrigue in the Far East, "The Queen -of Quelparte,"
which is something more than histprically,true. It has
a love story that is fascinatingly absorbing.
Next in line, Albert Sonnichsen presents "Colonel
Lala's Special Devil," one of the weirdest but at. the
same time one of the most characteristic stories .ever,
written of the American army in the Philippines. It is
humorous and pathetic in turn, but at all times exciting.
As a contrast most pleasing to the women is the full
page of the latest fashions selected and described, by
Augusta Prescott, and illustrated with the best photo
graphs that ever appeared in the Sunday Call. In this
connection there might also be mentioned the newly
established page, edited by Madge Moore, entitled
"What Women Want to Know," which is designed par
ticularly to answer the, multitude of questions that are
always pouring in to. the Sunday Call from women who
cannot find a solution of difficulties" in' any: other way.
ARCHBISHOP MONTGOMERY, Jack" London, Je
rome K. Jerome, Frank H. Spearman, Archer
Butler Hulbcrt, Albert Sonnichsen, Augusta Pres
cott, Professor de Witt C. Van Court, Mrs. Rosa'
Hooper Plotner, E. Spitzer — these names, standing for
all that is best in literature, art and the world's greatest
work in general, will be found at the head of just a
few of the leading articles in the Sunday Call to-mor
row, making the Magazine Section one ofc the most im
portant editions of the year. Such notable names, in
deed, cannot be found at one time in any other news
paper in the West. . ,
Archbishop George Montgomery, Coadjutor of San
Francisco, in a very virile article, tells of the. Catholic
plans for the public schools and why religious train
ing should go hand in hand with secular education. J/
Jack London has written for this edition one of the
best full-page stories that ever came from his pen. -vlt
is "The Scorn of. Women.-"-- It analyzes the primitive
emotions that rise uppermost in both j men and women
when they come under the spell of the great , frozen
north, analyzes them in a way to make women's hearts
ache and men utter maledictions upon their "own" sex for
their perfidy.
In contrast to "The Scorn of Women," Jerome K.
Jerome has an illustrated article on "Unpainted Heroes"
that is nothing short of side-splitting in its rare humpr,
while as for the next name on the list, it is one that
every one knows.
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
BEAUTIES OF SANTA CRUZ.
Never or thought -or deed shall wrong
you, though
Not mine to give you- this best part of
•' me;
A happy child in dream of long ago.
Dream whose fulfillment all is yet to
be, . • ,.
Nor yours the soul at last my soul shall
know.
When I come back no more from mem
ory!
— Marguerite Merington- in the May
Scrlbner's.
You hold me in your arms, as none else
dare;
All grace you claim I yield, as is your
right, . -v
Even to my minute-spending, day and
night — .
Yet oft by secret panel, hidden stair.
Steals forth a little ghost to trystings
where ¦ ;v
Dear memory is making meadows
white
With spring:, and in spring's fullness
of delight
Sings adown May-sweet lanes some old
time air.
A Confession.
A famous physician, once, golnjf
through the hosoital -wards told a new
patient to "put out his tongue." It
was pointed, with a streak down the
center. "You see here, gentlemen, an
infallible sign of gastritis." "Have
you any appetite?" "I could eat *
horse," said the patient. "It is gas
tritis.' nevertheless. Any thirst?" "No,
no thirst." "Gastritis, notwithstand
ing.' Any pain in your stomach?"
"None at all, sir!" "Well, you see the
pointed tongue, gentlemen; it, Is gas
tritis! Fifty leeches to the stomach!"
The anecdote suggests many lessons.
j and perhaps to every reader It will re
call memories of similar experiences.
"Make a snap diagnosis and stick toi
it," was the advice of another well
known teacher. But we are nowa
days fast learning better than that —
if not a^JJetter science, at least a bet
ter policy. The mystery of disease
bears too heavily upon the conscience
of the modern physician to permit him
to judge hastily from insufficient data
and from single symptoms. The in
dividuality of each case of disease,
when closely studied, demonstrates
that none is like another and that the
best rule in diagnosis and treatment is
to have no rule. — American Medicln*.
Clinical Prejudices.
It is Chamberlain — the masterful,
pushful, resourceful man, a year older
than himself, but much youn
ger in appearance and . still
more so in powers of adapt
ability^ to altered conditions —
who has sidetracked the Baronet. The
Chamberlain gospel of commercial re
generation by means of protection, re
taliation and preferential colonial tar
iffs, which so many of his party have
?spoused, he regards as blasphemous
heresy against the one true inspired
faith — free trade — and is convinced
that it can lead only to political per
dition and the weeping, wailing and
gnashing of teeth that accompanies
overwhelming defeat. Too loyal to
Whig traditions of fealty to fight
against his party, too true to his con
victions to follow it along the untried
paths whither Chamberlain would
lead it. Sir Michael has no other re
course than to become practically a
Parliamentary non-combatant and
jjonentity. or withdraw from the field.
It will be generally thought that he
has chosen the less ignoble part.
There was a hot time in the Cabinet
v.hen, as Colonial Secretary. Chamber-
Jain tried to boss Sir Michael. It ended
in Sir Michael resigning the Chancel
lorship of the Exchequer. Subsequent
ly Chamberlain resigned his post. But
nothing could illustrate more strikingly
the essential difference between the two
men than the fact that the Birming
ham member now bulks larger than
ever in the nation's eye, while the Bar
onet has almost dropped out of Fight.
And gall and wormwood it must have
Jxen to him to see Chamberlain's son,
young Austen, filling his place as the
nation's purseholder.
When a nickname sticks to a man it
is generally because of its innate ap
propriateness. That is why the epithet
which the turbulent Irish members be
stowed on him when he was Irish Sec
retary—"Black Michael"— has clung to
him ever since. His stern expression of
countenance seldom relaxes in Parlia
ment. A frown is seen on it much
oftencr than a smile. He has always
taken the game of politics very serious
ly. He has none of that exuberant joy
In controversy which causes many men
to seek refreshment in verbal warfare.
His is the bulldog's temperament- He
has never gone around seeking trouble,
but when attacked his eyes glow, he
turns savagely on his assailant and
generally manages to hurt him some
where, for ¦ to an Irascible temper he
unites' a ehan> and bitter tongue, and
has a genius for discovering his op
ponent's raw" spot. Lord Randolph
Churchill found this out when he start
ed In to "smash the old Conservative
gang." and decided that Sir Michael
was a eood man to let alone.
Round about his own country seat
he is said to be an amiable man
enough, but that trait he has always
studiously concealed in the House of
Commons. Hence he has never been
popular there. Many a time in the lob
bies and lounging rooms he has been
known to pass by his intimate ac
quaintances without a word or so much
33 a nod of recognition. They do not
resent it, knowing that no rudeness is
sjitcnded by it. It is just his way.
Another peculiarity of his is that of
soliloquizing aloud when others' are
•peaking. In this Vay he has often
Though the tltuhir "father of the
House" by virtue of having occupied
a seat in It continuously longer tha.n
any living member — forty years — Sir
Michael cannot be regarded as an old
man as old parliamentary hands go. He
is only 67 and entered Parliament
when he wa-s 27. Four years later
that shrewd judge of men. Disraeli,
•discovered" him and made him Un
der Secretary of the Home Depart
ment. Thereafter his political ad
vancement was rapid. From 1874 to
IS" 8 he was Chief Secretary for Ire
land. In 1S78. two years after Cham
berlain had made his political debut,
he was appointed Colonial Secretary-
From 1885 to 1866 he was Chancellor
of the Exchequer, and president of
the Board of Trade from 1688 to 1892.
In 1695 he was again entrusted with
the nation'? purw strings, resigning
in 1902. He -has held office longer
than any of his Conservative col
leagues.
Under ordinary conditions the man
who had served his party so ably,
faithfully and zealously would have
waited for a fitting opportunity to
make hi? exit from the Commons' by
way of the House of Lords, with a
peerage to console him in that region
of innocuous calm for the loss of ac
tuaj political power - . and the ap
proaching infirmities of age. But Sir
Michael has put all this from him.
With his fighting powers t»till undl
rninish«*d he has decided to sheath
his sword and retire from the field of
battle to devote himself to those pas
toral pursuits for which his 4000
acres afford ample scope.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
0 HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON. April 11. — Sir
Michael Hicks-Beach's announcement
•hat he will not seek re-election to the
iiouse of Commons after the dissolu
tion means that Parliament is about
to lose one of its few remaining great
rtsures of the past. Salisbury is dead,
Hnrcourt has retired and when "Black
Michael." a« the famous ex-Chancel
lor of the Exchequer is known, de
serts in hip turn practically the only
remaining members of the old guard
In Parliament will be Joseph Cham
berlain on one side and John Morley
«>n the other.
Sppcia! CorrrafxmdciK* of Tbe C»Ii
Passing of "Black Michael.''
averages about five feet, and If lt«
curved neck were stretched to Its full
length would tower above the head of.
an ordinary man. They breed In May
and June. At this period their bright
colored plumage Is faded. It assumes
its most radiant hues in winter. When
first hatched the young have a straight
bill, which after a time develops into
one of bent shape. Their first plu
mage is grayish white and* passes
through various tints of pink, rose, car-,
mine or vermilion to the full scarlet
of the adult, which reaches its deepest
shade on the wings. Several years are
necessary to perfect the final gaudy
plumage.
Much, then, may be done by skillful
diplomacy. Nothing would bring the
authorities in Lhasa to a quicker per
ception of their duties than a fear that
their persistent refusal - to treat our
Commissioners with respect may com
pel us to negotiate direct with and
therefore, of course, greatly strengthen
their rivals. If so the Dalai Lama will
have himself alone to blame. At pres
ent it seems that the wisest course,
whatever action is taken by Lhasa,
may be to enter into a' friendly jtreaty^
to mutual advantage with Tashe-
Lhunpo. It lies with us to restore her
to the position she- once occupied,' a
position from which she was ousted
only Toy the now dead and ridiculous
suzerainty of China. She, far more
than Lhasa, would guarantee the
northern approaches to India. The
Tsang-po, or Brahmaputra, forms an
excellent natural boundary -between
Northern and Southern Tibet. We may
be content to have guaranteed the in
dependence of Southern Tibet In return
for a friendly neutrality and isolation
which the examples of Nepal and Bhu;
tan have already shown us to be the
best reinforcement of the obstacles that
nature has somewhat lavishly spread
in the way of the invader of " India
from the north- ¦¦¦.'-...
The balance of power is fairly even.
The Kaions. or great Ministers of State,
and the Da-pens, or generals, are fair
ly distributed between the two prov
inces. But the presence of the Chinese
Amban and of the three populous mon
asteries of Lhasa, with their annual
Chinese subsidy, turns the scale against
Tashe-Lhunpo. During the sojourn of
the mission at Khambajong last year
the friction between the two Lamas
was repeatedly emphasized. Technical
ly speaking, the mission occupied a
position upon ground under the, gov
ernment of the Tashe Lama. Early in
the diplomatic contest Lhasa sent a
peremptory order to Tashe-Lhunpo de
manding why the Pollings, as the Eng
lish are called in Tibet, had been per
mitted to Intrude, and insisting upon
their immediate expulsion. The Tashe
Lama, knowing well, indeed, as
Lhasa that the mission had proceeded
to Khamba by direct permission of
China, took no steps to obey this In
junction or annoy the British deputa
tion in any way. Every offensive ac
tion was the immediate work of the
Lhasan authorities. By thenvthe Eng
lish camp was placed out of bounds
to all under their government. From
Tashe-Lhunpo and Shigatse visitors,
inquisitive and amused but always re
spectful, arrived daily. Two men at
tached to the mission, who were by
birth Tibetan but by domicile inhabit
ants of La-chung, in Sikkim, were ar
rested, tortured and apparently, though
this is not no certain, put to death by
the Lhasans. The men of Tashe-Lhun
po, as this outrage was perpetrated
in their own capital of Shigatse, ex
pressly disowned to Mr. White all re
sponsibility for the' event, for which
satisfaction will ultimately be demand
ed. The Abbot of .Tafhe-Lhunpo, the
second in rank in tWe province ot
Tsang, paid a long and courteous visit
to the mission," and expressed himself
in a very different manner from that
of the terrified Chinese representative
Ho or the curt insolence of the Lhasan
envoys. As a result the Dalai Lama,
who had proposed to pay a vi&it of
ceremony to Tashe-Lhunpo in the
course of the winter, countermanded his
orders, and' remains at Lhasa. It is
not an exaggeration to say that, as
the Grand Lama of Tashe-Lhunpo re
gards the attempt of the Indian Gov
ernment to open up amicable relations
with Tibet as in no way compromising
either the religious or political inde
pendence of Tibet, he is not wholly
displeased at the terror and anxiety
which the ! ostrich-like policy of the
Dalai Lama betrays. It is the opinion
of every one who has been qualified
to form an opinion that a v very real
friendliness is felt and, so'far as their
present servienee permits, is displayed
by the men of Tashe-Lhunpo and Shi
gatse.
The relations between the two
Grand Lamas of Tibet are of especial
interest at the present moment. The
history of the migration of Tibetan au
thority from Tashe-Lhunpo to Lhasa
is clearly known. The former Lama is
a perpetual reincarnation of Manju-sri
or AmiUibha, the latter of Avaloskites
vara, the pupil of Amitabha. Spiritu
ally, therefore, the Tashe Lama, or
Panchen Rimpoehe — "Glorious Teach
er" — as he is more ceremonially
named, is the superior of the Dalai
Lama of Lhasa. But the assistance of
Kushi Khan, who was called in by the
Dalai Lama in 1642 to prevent the de
predations of a native lord, Tsang-po
by name, of Shigatse, secured for Lha
pa the undisputed sovereignty of cen
tral Tibet, which is now roughly de
fined by the province of U. The other,
province, that of Tsang, was indeed
left to the Tashe Lama, but Kushi
Khan, partly from indolence and part
ly from favoritism, allowed the tem
poral authority over both provinces to
become transferred gradually to Lha
sa. Thus the spiritual superior of the
Dalai Lama became temporarily his
inferior, and a somewhat anomalous
rivalry between the two great heads
of Lamaism was thus begun, which
continues to the present day.
There is no question that among the
common people the Grand Lama of
Tashe-Lhunpo— which is a great mon
astery a mile or so from Shigatse, the
town of second importance in Tibet —
is regarded with even greater awe
than is the Dalai Lama. The Chinese
Regent, when one exists, pays to the
former greater respect, and Sarat
Chundra Dass, in his exceedingly in
teresting record of his travels, men
tions a curious legend that the end of
Lamaism and of Tibet will be marked
by the withdrawal of the Tashe — not
the Dalai — Lama to Shambala, the
Utopia of the Buddhists.
<I-*rom the London Times.)
Internal Strife in Tibet,
"All right," acquiesced the doubtful
one. "If those are the Sandwich Isl
ands, then that over there (indicating
Point Reyes) must be Port Arthur."
"There is the Sandwich Islands,*.' he
declared, confidently, pointing west
ward toward the jagged Farallones.
"The what?" demanded a listener.
"The Sandwich Islands," was re
peated. ,
"Surely, there must be a mistake,"
exclaimed a doubting Thomas.
"No mistake; those are the Sand
wich Islands, sometimes known as the
Hawaiian Islands,", again came the
emphatic assertion. '
I Prominent were the sharply defined
Farallones, jutting In irregular outline
above the western horizon. To the
north the long, low line, of Point Reyes
ran out into the blue haze. -Mr.
"Know-it-all," as he had been dubbed
by some who had heard him and were
better informed, began his geograph
ical . dissertation.
They were Eastern tourists, without a
doubt. The exclamations of surprise
that some of them vented when the
first view of the rolling Pacific Ocean
gleamed upon them proved that to not
a few in the party this was their intro
duction to the billowy, waters of the
sea. Among the crowd which stood
gazing enraptured on the scene was one
sharp-featured man, who had been very
busy in explanations of the -» many,
points of interest within the spectators*
view. v
He Kneiv.
The import of the issue runs far beyond the, railroad corporation and the carmen. It- reaches
all the business and nearly all the homes in- the city! Tliere is scarcely a family in the community that
would not be more or less injuriously affected by a strike— more or less benefited by a ballot over
whelmingly on the side of an unbroken continuance of the streetcar service. . /
On behalf of the' community as a whole/ and wiitlioiit taking sides in the controversy between
the corporation and the union, The Call enters a plea' for the maintenance of peaceful relations^between
them. The appeal gees directly to the 2000 men who compose "the Carmen's- Union and with* whom the
decision of the issue now rests. They are not asked. to yield anythirtg to which they are entitled, nor
to surrender any aspirations toward bettering the terms of labor for themselves and for their fellow
workers. They are asked to do nb : niorethan give, due consideration to the interests of the com
munity in the issue and to vote in a way \ that will advance their own welfare by conserving the wel
' No reflecting member of trie union can be ignorant of the fact that the ballot on Monday will
determine, whether or no we are to have a prolonged period of strife between two powerful forces in
the community, and tha£ as a result of siich strife the transportation facilities of the city would be dis
organized, there would be danger of scenes of riot and bloodshed similar to those which have recently
disgraced Chicago and the beginning of an era of antagonism between the employers and the employes
of the roads that would almost certainly prevent the attainment of any desired improvement of the
roads or of the service fora long time to come. .
The people of San Francisco, whether they sympathize with the carmen or the railroad, are on
the side of peace in this issue. To the public' at large the terms offered by the company seem fair and
lust. They constitute, at any rate, a good basis to continue work and afford no justification for a
strike which would so seriously injure the whole community. Two years ago the carmen had a cause
that was supported by public opinion, and, as a consequence, they Avon. They have no such support
now. The well-ni^h universal demand is. for the continuance of business and the streetcar service
* *i ¦ . ¦ • . ¦
unimpaired in every part of the city. The plea of the public Jst^e plea of The Call — "Let
us have peace." ' , . / ' .
AFTER prolonged discussions between" the executive committee of the Carmen's Union^and a
committee representing the.directpry of- the United. Railroads, the issue of strike or no strike
lias been left to the decision oOhe'rnembers of the union, that decision to be declared by a se
. ! cret ballot to be taken on Monday next.. .-¦•;.,-.. ** \ ¦' '
LET US= Hi^E PEACE.
been overheard expressing some very
candid and uncomplimentary opinions
of his political contemporaries. On one
occasion he punctuated an eloquent po
litical peroration ¦ by Mr. Chamberlain
by giving vent to an ardent and sin
cere wish that the gentleman might
transfer his pernicious activity to a re
gion where the wicked do ¦ not cease
from troubling and neither are the
weary at rest.
THE SAN, FRANCISCO- GALU SATURDAY; -APRIL 23; 1904:
THE -SAN F R 'A N-G I S £ Q GA^LL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . ... . . . . . -., . . Ad6iesr,,AU Commttnicitioniii to JOHN HcNAUGHT. Manage?
Publication Office .;...... <5^^^^^ > " Third and Market Streets, & P.
SATURDAY. . .1.1;. \. . .-.-. ; . .. ; . \'.~A ., . .'"/. . . . Y&\. /..... .... .... . ."/.'. ...... APRIL' 23, 1904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8Judge Hebbard decided four cases
yesterday. He save Kullman. Salz
& Co. Judgment against the. Sugar
Apparatus Manufacturing Company
for $17 tO for breach of contract, and
Dr. John Hemphill judgment against
Donald McRae, the furniture dealer,
for $600 due as rent for premises at
41 Fifth street, from Henry Viereck,
whose bill McRae guaranteed. Another
case decided by Judge Hebbard was
the suit of Thomas H. Kallujian
against M. B. Mihran, the rug dealer.
The. claim was for $730 alleged to be
due the plaintiff as wages. Judgment
was given to the defendant and also
in the case of Louis O. Levison, - re
ceiver for Schumacher . & Co., who
sued T. I. Janes for. $721, the value of
jewelry Levison alleged the defendant
obtained from the firm.
Busy Dny for Judge Hcbbard.
It appears that Miss DIxon's mother?
who lives at Ono, Shasta County, re
cently sent her a postal money order
for < 2 50 payable at Kennett in the
same county. The Indian maiden, it
is alleged, raised, theorder.to $20 and
presented it to the postmaster at Ken
nett. That official:; informed her that
his advices authorized . him ' to . pay
only $2 50 on . that particular order.
The girl, it is claimed, thereupon itook
the paper to the postmaster at Red
ding, .who cashed it for her. '
On complaint of Dennis Coyne,
postoffice inspector. United r State*
Marshal Shine arrested yestarday at
Redding, Shasta County, an Indian
girl named Lucinda Dixon on a charge
of raising a postal money order from
$2 50 to $20 and collecting the money
on the same. Miss Dixon works in a
hotel at Kennett
Lucinda Dixon Is Arrested T jy United
States Marshal Shine on a
Serious Charge.
INDIAN GIRL IS ACCUSED
OF RAISING MONEY ORDER
A Delightful Ride
Through orchards and vineyards next Sunday,
April 24. on the excursion to Uklah. Fare for
the round t-!j> only $2. Tickets now on sale at
office of Cailtornia. Northwestern Railway, (>50
Market Mrwi. Chronicle bnlldlnr.* and Tiburon
ferry- Leave Tiburon ferry S:30 a. m., and
on the return leave Ukiah 5 p. m. • *
A nolle prosequi was entered yes
terday by United States District Attor
ney Woodworth in the case of Charles
Cailan, indicted for counterfeiting half
dollars. Cailan was indicted jointly
with George Tighe and Thomas Sut
cliffe on a "former indictment and
pleaded guilty before the case came to
trial. He is now serving a sentence
of three years' imprisonment in the
penitentiary at San Quentin.
Callnn Indictment Dismissed.
The Board of Public Works yester
day recommended to the Board of
Supervisors that tjje sanitary reduc
tion works be condemned and re
moved unless proper steps are taken
by the corporation to consume entire
ly the offensive matter so as to abate
tlje nuisance caused by the inade
quacy of- the chimney of the building
to carry off fumes and smoke without
injury to the neighboring property. I
* The Bureau^ of. Engineering " had
filed a report *to the effect that *'sa
long as the garbage is as imperfectly
consumed as it is at present and no
proper attempt is made to secure a
complete combustion of the offensive
matter, so. long will the Sanitary Re
duction Works continue to be an in
excusable nuisance not only to neigh
boring property, but to property - a
mile or two away."
Board Informs Su»>crvlsors That Im
perfect Combustion of Garbage
Causes i». Nuisance.
ASKS T1IAT REDUCTION
; WORKS BE CONDEMNED
After the file had been cleared the
officers elected on Thursday and the
following named, who were appointed
by Right Eminent Grand Commander
W. Frank Pierce, were installed by the
retiring grand commander:
R. H. Sink of Stockton, grand pre
late; Harvey D. Loveland of San Fran
cisco, grand standard bearer; L. E.
Bruener of San Francisco, grand
sword bearer; A. A. Caldwell of Pasa
dena, grand warder; Samuel D. Mayer
of San Francisco, grand organist, and
Georgre W. Perkins of San Francisco,
grand captain of the guard.
The Grand Commandery of the
Knights Templar of California resum
ed Sts labors yesterday morning. The
reports filed at the previous day's ses
sions were duly considered and adopt
ed. These show that the different
comman/leries of the State are in a
prosperous condition and that there
was a marfied increase in membership.
Annual Conclave After ConsicU
crlng Favorable Reports.
Knights Templar of California Close
OFFICERS OF THE GRAND
CO3IMAXDERY INSTALLED
APPRAISE MRS. COWELL'S ESTATE.—
The entate of the late Mrs. Sarah E. Cowell
was appralrcd yesterday at $55.CS2. It con
sists principally of a lot at the- corner, of Pine
and Leavenworth streets worth $30,000, per
sonal property and $4600 cash.
FLEISHER DIES INTESTATE.— Wojf
FMsher. the pioneer hatter who died suddenly.
a few days ago, left no will. YcBterday hlu
widow, Mary Fleifher, petitioned to be ap-
IKiintfd racial administratrix of his estate,
which consists of a buslneen at 217 I'ine street
and some realty on Geary streets The estate
Is worth more than $10,000, the petitioner
stat's. and Is in such shape that it needs at
tention. I - .o '•=¦ ---•-•:• -¦
A pleasant entertainment was given
at the City and County Hospital for
the enjoyment of the 'Inmates Thurs
day evening. Songs were sungr - by
Miss A. Barry, Miss Blanche Coonan,
Miss Annie Rooney, J. C. Flood and
James E. Donahue. The Misses Fex
gave some clever specialties. Miss Jen
nie P. Gavin'did some Irish step danc
ing and the accompaniments were
played by Miss Celia Tighe. The en
tertainment concluded with the sing
ing of the "Star-Spangled Banner" by
the audience.
Entertainment jit City Hospital.
Before the Mariposa returns Mr. Al
berger expects that the tropical sun
will have ironed out the kinks conse
quent on so long a plodding in one
narrow rut, and that a month of living
under ideal conditions of rest will have
put him in condition for another thirty
years at the desk.
Mr/ Alberger entered the service of
the Santa Fe thirty years ago, and this
Is the> first time he has laid aside the
harness and*turned himself loose for a
restful roll in the pastures of idleness.
The 'vacation that comes after thirty
years of toll is an event in any life, and
Manager Bissell's chief clerk, after
scanning the field of holiday trips with
the experienced eye of. a railroad man,
decided that for a complete change and
absolute rest nothing offered such at
tractions as a voyage to the South
Seas.
Among the passengers who will leave
here to-day for Tahiti on the liner
Mariposa will be W. R. Alberger, chief
clerk to W. A. Bissell, assistant traffic
manager of the* Santa Fe system.
W. R. Alberger of Santa Fe
. Takes First Holiday in
Thirty Years.
The application of the . executive
committee in. charge of the launching
of the cruiser . California to close the
Fourth-street bridge next . Thursday
between 9:30 and 11 a. m. was referred
to the Board of ' Supf rvisors.
The petition of the Standard Oil Com
pany to lay an oil pipe line in Six
teenth street was also referred to the
Beard of Supervisors for action.
Lincoln School. $826; Whittler, $586: Frank
lin. (420; Horace Mann, |5«S; Halght. $3K5;
Mission. $753: ¦ John Swett. $290; Adams. $477;
Irving, $398; Jean Parker. $694; Moulder, $1054.
. The Board of Public Works yesterday
requested the Bureau of Engineering
to report as to ' the : amount of money
required to sweep districts Nos: 1 and
4, as set 'out in the schedule of street
.cleaning. ; -._ The \ report is '¦ to set out the
number of "sweepers required in each
district, together; with* the 'necessary
teams and; inspectors, including an es
timate of the cost of all apparatus re
quired in the performance of \ the work.
Action was taken on the petition of
the' Laborers' •-? Protective ; . Union : that
street cleaning be done under : the < im
mediate control of the Board of Works'
and by its own employes,: who shall' be
paid a I minimum wage of $2 SO a day,
instead of letting out by contract as
at present.
The board' decided to request the
Board of Supervisors to r appropriate
the sum of $6637 to repave with bi
tumen certain ' streets fronting on
school buildings. Frequent 'complaints
have been made . that the teams pass
ing on the basalt block pavements dis
tracted the attention of pupils and the
resulting noise interfered ; with their
studies. The schools in front of which
It is desired to put smooth pavements
and the amounts required for the im
provements. follow:
The combine is predicting all kinds
of trouble for the blacklisted dealers,
but the latter declare they have noth
ing to fear and that they will continue
to carry on their business as usual.
It was stipulated further that mem
bers of the association would not pa
tronize the ex-members, thus practi
cally declaring a boycott on those that
refused to pay the assessment. Each
of the signers of the agreement re
ceived a list or the names of the deal
ers who were to be boycotted. The
following names appeared on the list:
C. J. Lercari & Co., J. Demartini &
Co., Stewart & Co., Grey & Barbieri &
Co., Campodonico & Burns, A. Nardini
& Co.,J. J. Duffy & Co., Chiuda & Bot
to, A. Galli Fruit Co., M.' D. Vanvales,
Boessnecker & Co., D. Biagi, Simoni
& Garbini, G. Belli & Co., P. Scatena,
A. Cassinelli, Giffvanetti & Son, G. Pie
retti, C. LippI, Quadros & Joseph, Des
lmone & Co., A. Friant & Co., and Gi
ovannoni & Pera.
The action of the committee created
much ill feeling among the members,
particularly among small dealers who
felt that they were being taxed merely
to fight the battles of the. larger con
cerns and they flatly refused to pay
the assessment. These dealers were
then informed that the sum would be
withheld from the deposit of $20 which
members had deposited with the sec
retary of the organization as a guar
antee of good faith when the organiza
tion was formed. The disgruntled
dealers thereupon withdrew their de
posits and resigned from the associa
tion. They were not molested for
some time, but lately the officers of
the association decided to wage a vig
orous warfare upon them.
Yesterday a committee consisting of
three well known potato men called
upon all dealers who are still in the
association, soliciting signatures to an
agreement, stipulating -that all ex
members who are still In business
would not be granted credit, but would
be compelled to pay spot cash for all
produce purchased from members of
the combine.
PRACTICALLY A BOYCOTT.
ILIi FEELING CREATED.
The trouble between the members
of the Wholesale Produce Dealers' As
sociation generally known as the Po
tato Dealers' Association, caused^ by
the action of Its executive com
mittee in levying an assessment
upon the members to pay the
costs of the legal proceedings against
the State Board of Harbor Commis
sioners, has broken out afresh and a
bitter war Is threatened among local
handlers of country produce. Twenty
four firms, Including twelve large and
influential concerns, which refused to
pay the assessment, have withdrawn
from the association and it is not un
likely that more will follow.
The trouble had its origin in De
cember, 1903, when the permits to sell
perishable produce on 'the State
wharves, which had previously been
issued to Wolf & Sons, Wetmore
Brothers, MtDonough & Runyon and
L. Scatena & Co., were .revoked by
the board for alleged violations of the
Woodward law. These firms then car
ried the matter to the courts and the
association was called upon to defray
the expenses of the litigation by the
merchants involved, who claimed that
they, as representative firms of* the
commission business, were acting in
the interests of all dealers that were
members of the association. The exe
cutive committee of the organization
met to consider the request and after
deciding upon favorable action voted
to levy an assessment on all members
in order to raise the necessfry funds.
Potato Handlers Eefuse to
Meet Assessment Levied
by Executive Committee
BLACKLIST IS ISSUED
"Why didn't you accept their invita
tion to go boating?" Judge Mogan
asked one of the complaining ladies,
a languishing blonde.
"Because they didn't have the price
and were four-flushing," was the
answer, delivered with dreamy de
liberation. V
"That ain't so, Judge," one of the de
fendants exclaimed. "We had money
to pay for the good time we wanted to
give the girls because they looked as if
they needed a little fresh air."
"Too bad that your philanthropic im
pulse led you to disturbance of the
peace," said his Honor, "but 'tis thus
that our noblest inspirations are some
times perverted by fate. I'll have to
fine you flve apiece."
They paid the fine.
Because a couple of the female at
taches of a Pacific-street dance hall
declined to accompany James Cassidy
and Adam Stahl, both of Vallejo, on a
boating excursion they were roughly
handled bv those gentlemen.
It is police opinion that nothing else
than a hereditary spirit of incendiarism
prompted Carmen Aima, a pretty
Spanish girl, to attempt the destruction
of Mrs. Delia Ochoa's boarding-house,
523 Vallejo street, for there was no evi
dence to prove intoxication on Car
men's part, nor had she any reason to
seek revenge. She smashed fifteen
window panes, and after her arrest a
large pile of oil-soaked rags were found
beneath an outer stairway, and she
cheerfully confessed that she had
placed them there with intention of
applying a match and burning down
the building. She could not, or would
not, explain to Judge Mogan why she
had acted with such apparent malice,
and she will be sentenced to-day for
vagrancy.
For assaulting and attempting to
rob two women in the tenderloin dis
trict William Nolan, alias William
Bray, must answer in the Superior
Court, with a bond of $2000 demanded
in each case. He is 18 years* of age,
and the prosecuting testimony showed
that he is a novice in footpadry, as he
left himself open to easy identification
by both women, neither of whom had
more than B0 cents in her possession
when he waylaid her.
"Where's my wedding clothes V he
shouted at Pierce, who stared at hinr
In a dazed way. "Gimme back my
wedding suit— that I wouldn't lose for
a fortune — and I'll not prosecute you.
Where are they?"
By that time the bailiff's gavel was
In play and the Judge was holding up
an admonitory hand.
"Silence, or I'll convict you for con
tempt," came from the bench. "If you
have complaint to make againEt this
defendant it can be made formally.
Who are you, anyway?"
"Me? I'm William Barnett, and I can
be found at 869 Market street. That
man stole — "
"Well. Mr. Barnett, you can swear
to a warrant and have this man tried
for stealing your trousseau. But if
you now say another word in this court
I'll send you upstairs for contempt."
Mr. Barnett's struggle to quench his
pent-up wrath turned his countenance
a deep purple, but discretion won out.
Mr. Pierce will be sentenced to-day.
"He has not been summoned to testify
and he has not been sworn."
But the unsummoned one was not
to be stayed. Advancing with defiant
mien to the rail, he resumed his ora
tory with Increased vehemence. , f
"I know that man's, character!" he
shouted, pointing a shaking forefinger
at 'the defendant. "1 know his char
acter, and it's no good. He's a thief.
He stole my wedding suit. He—"
"I object to this man's testimony^*
yelled the attorney for the defense.
"Character testimony" of a kind the
defendant did not relish was voluntar
ily adduced in the case of Fred Pierce,
on trial before Judge Mogan on the
charge of stealing a live canary from
a Kearny street ornithological empo
rium. The defendant's guilt was
proved, ar.d the Judge, preliminary to
convicting him of petty larceny, in
quired if there was any evidence as
?o his previous character. Ere his at
torney ccmld respond there rose from
amid the spectators a stout gentleman
of choleric facial expression and rau
cous voice.
"Vy? How could I lock der door ven
der door hef no lock und I hef no key?**
Thirty dollars or thirty days.
• • •
Hauska Francis told why he had
flourished a large knife in dangerous
proximity to the bared tnroat of one
Mr. Stewart, and also why he had dis
played the weapon in a threatening
manner to Senora Cypriana Lasa in
her boarding-house at 723 Broadway.
"She gef me a room, Shoodge," said
Herr Francis, "dot efery von un der
hcruis did vod der bleased mid. Ven
1 try der schlee p some von walk In und
ouid und vaken me. und ven I asek
'Vy?' he say, 'Shoot ub. Dootchy.' Ven
I tell der lantlady she schmile und say,
"Ef yer don'd like id yer can lumb id.*
Den I gets me mad."
"Why dWn't you lock the door of
your apartment and thus keep out in
truders?" asked his Honor Mt-jan.
Mr. Osborn declined to answer, and
the case was continued until he has
made up his mind to give the court
the enlightenment It yearns for.
F. C. Osborn, dry goods clerk, es
corted a young woman to her home on
Fulton street at a late hour last Sat
urday night, and after bidding her au
revoir at the door he suddenly drew
from one of his pockets a fully-loaded
revolver and began unloading its con
tents into the circumambient atmos
phere. Policemen hurried from all
quarters to the spot where Mr. Os
born stood, and the first bluecoat to
arrive dexterously disarmed and ar
rested him. •
"What did you want to perforate the
air for?" inquired Judge Mogan.
The defendant stammered something
about "feeling good" at the time of
the shooting.
"What made you feel good?" asked
the court.
"Girl," "proposal," "celebration," were
among the words murmured in reply.
"I inftr from your masticated lan
guage," quoth his Honor, "that there
was a girl, a proposal of marriage, an
acceptance and a law-smashing cele
bration of the event by you. We must
have further elucidation. Who pro
posed—the girl or you? This Is leap
year, you know, and it was her pre
rogative to pop the question If she
so desired. Which of you popped it""
Twelve months shall come and go ere
•Toughy" Clifford returns to the scene
of his former rowdyish triumphs, which
is the Barbary Coast, and during that
period letters addressed "care County
Jail" will reach him. When he ap
peared for sentence yesterday Judge
Mogan gave him three months for dis
turbing the peace, six months for
drunkenness and disorderly conduct
and three months for vagrancy — a
rcund year in all. Ruth Preston, who
was arrested with Clifford and con
victed of peace disturbance and vag
rancy; was sent to prison for sixty
days.
A strong plea was made for leniency
in the case of Clifford, but the Judge
turned a deaf ear to all appeals, as
the fellow's character as a bully and
a blackleg has been notorious for
years. The woman, who appeared in
gorgeous apparel to receive sentence,
took her sentence stoically, while the
man was visibly affected by the se
verity of the dose prescribed for him.
• • •
The Judge suggested that a list of
the city's boulevards be posted at the
headquarters of the Teamsters' Union
for the guidance of the members, as
there are quite a number of proscribed
avenues that are not recognized as
such by the drivers of heavy wagons,
Steiner and Baker streets being among
them.
It was on complaint of a property
owner that the teamsters were ar
rested, and they stated that no attempt
had been made to prevent their tres
pass, the policeman having waited un
til they were fairly upon the oval
driveway before he spoke to them at
alL This explanation may also have
had something to do with the dis
missal.
Four teamsters Informed Judge
Fritz that they did not Intend to fly
in the face of a special prohibitory
ordinance when they steered their ve
hicles Into the South Park Settlement,
because they were in ignorance of the
fact that Fuch a measure had ever
been enacted. His Honor accepted the
plea and dismissed the quartet, ex
plaining that he, too, was surprised
that the roadway of the once-aristo
cratic quarter was duly declared a
boulevard nine years ago and since
iien has been legally immune from
heavy traffic
Works Commissioners Wan£
to Eeplace Basalt Blocks
Fronting School Property
PAVEMENT TOO NOISY
Asks Engineering Bureau
to; Figure Ainoiint ."Needed
for City to Sweep Streets
Disgruntled Dealers LeaYe
Protective Association and
Conflict Is Now Expected
—
Four of Them Learn Through Arrest, That
Since 189J the South Park Settle
ment Has Been Closed to Big Loads
BOARD DESIRES
COST ESTIMATE
PRODUCE MEN
HAVE TROUBLE
TEAMSTERS WILL STUDY
BOULEVARD ORDINANCES
THE SAN; FRANCISCO. CALL, -SATURDAY. APRIL -23,. lOOt
CHOOSES TRIP
TO TAHITI AS
BEST VACATION
W. R. ALBERGER. CHIEF CLERK
TO W. A. BISSELL, WHO IS GO-'
ING TO TAHITI.
9
POSTUK CERF.AT..
ABOUT ONE r
in THREE
COFFEE DRINKERS
have tome disease caused by it.
Ask them.
They get well If ntrt "too deep"
when they leave off
COFFEE
and use
J: POSTUM
AMITfEMENTS.
OOLUIwiBIA uaoixq mm
MATINEE- TO-DAY.
To-NiKht, Sunday and All Next Week,
Mr. Fred Niblo Politely Proffers the
And Bijr Co., in Goo. M. Cohan's musical farce,
I ' . • • EUHKISO . FOB OPPICE.
May 2— First time here of ROGERS BROS.
NOTE — Seat Sale Opens Next Wednesday.
fS I.AST TZBXE TO-WIGHT. E^.
America's Greatest Actress, .
ROSE OOQHIjAN; H
In Her Latest and Best Success, m
TEE GREATE3T THIKi 19 ?3S WORLD I
TO-MOK2OW NIGHT H
. Sam S. Shubcrt and Nixon & Zlmmer- B
man present their Musical- Comedy SI
— — A GIBZ. rEOM DIXIE B
By Harry ll. Smith, author of "Rubin B
I Hood." The Original New York Madl- H
f on Square Theater Co. fiO . Singing |
Artists— CO. Clg Beauty Chorus — 18 g
Stunning Show Girls— Great Double S
m M.ile Quartet. , Better, than "The M
fhip^mm •• - » • \ -- g
' — ; — — — — —^— — — — .
TIVOLI SS5&
MATINEE TO-DAY.
Last Two Nights.
- Milocker's Delightful Comic Opera,
Till" BEGINNING
' n f" O O A f\ GRAND
ULubAn WHEN JOHNNY
STUDENT marchixc'home
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES— 25c. 50c, 73c.
Box and Mezzanine Seats, $1.
MATINEE TO-DAY— "HOITY-TOITY."
ONLY EIGHT XIGHTS MORE.
KOI/B AN2 DHL - ,
BABHET BE5HAED
wiKriEi.DBi.A3a: '-
MAUDE AMTtEB -K'sS-'
HOPS AITD SXSBSOH
TO-NIGHT
HOITY=TjOITV
To-Morrow Matinee— To-Morrow »Ti<»-ht.
Monday. TueFday. .Wednesday night,' "FID-
DLE-DE-DEE"; Thursday, Friday, Saturday
nizhts and Saturday Matinee. "WHIRL-I-
G1G" and "BIG LITTLE PRINCESS."
PRICES— 15c. 25c, 50c. 75c.
MAJESTIC
Market St.. Opp. Larkin.
• * NOW THOROUGHLY HEATED.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:15.
TO-NIGHT, TO-MORBOW NIGHT AND ALL
. NEXT WEEK."
ISABEL IRVINe
r In Winston Churchill's GREAT PLAY,
"THE CRISIS"
BOX OFFICE open 9 a. m. to 10. p. m.
PRICES— 51.50, |1. CO. 50c: Box Seats. f2.C0.
V
Racing !||g§i^llac!iiT'.'
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
¦ NEW; CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB,
FUclos Each Wtek Dr Rala or Shtai.
Six or More Races Daily;
Kaces commence at 2:13 p. m. ibarp.
-For ¦ptfctal trains stopping at th« track tak*
S. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12, 13:3<*
1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking In last two
can, which i art reserved : for ' la Jles ' and their
escorts. >--.:,• .'¦¦..'; «»'¦"".'.:•; ¦ >.:•; i V- '-"- '¦ '"-''
Returning trains leave track at 4:10 ui i
4:45 and ¦ Immediately ¦ after the ' last rao*.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, President.
' PERCYW. TREAT. 8ecr»tary.;:r
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
\ AT "RECREATION PARK. ..-¦
EIGHTH AND HARRISON •' STREETS. , . :
O AKL AN D vs TACOMA
TO-DAY .l...;....:7:.V..../.....3:00j). in.
jy sunday .;:....... .*. ..;/..:. .... .2:30; p. m.
'Advance sale of seats ¦ at ' NOi> 5 Stockton -St.
VAUDEVILLE SPELLBINDERS
Wilfred Clarke and Company; Ethel l««-
vey (Mrs. Oeorce M. Cohan) ; Tony W li-
ft on and Heloiie; Mile. Amoroa, assisted
[¦ by Mile. Charlotte; 4 Mortons and
Orphenm Motion Pictures, showt&a* a
complete reproduction of the
OPERA OF "FAUST."
Last times of Edmund Say and Company;
The Ellis-Howlan Trio and 71o Adler.
i Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prlcea. 10c. 2&o
and SOc.
AT PI74T) Bela*:o & Mayer.
General M*n»?tr.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. TO-DAT AND SUN.
Evg.. 25c to 75c; Mats. Sat. * Sun., 25c to 6Oc.
The Frisky Mrs, Johnson
CLYDE FITCH'S SATIRICAL. COMEDY.
FRIDAY, APRIL 29. SPECIAL MATINEE.
Margaret Wycherly
In Wm. Yeats' "LAND OF HEART'S DE-
. SIRE"- and "THE HOUR-GLASS."
NEXT MONDAY. The Famous Comedy.
>0Oth week of the THE VPW f*I AWH
ALCAZAR STOCK CO. * uC HE IT WLU If il.
t
E.NInAL M ££?
Market* Street. Near Eighth. .Phone South 533
TO-NIGHT— LA8T TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
The Greatest of All Naval Dramas.
The White Squadron
150— PEOPLE IN CAST— 150
Brilliant Spectacle of the Congress of th»
. ' . Navies!
Sailors . of All Nations!
PPfrcC Evenings... 10c to. 50o
rnlWU Matinees .10c. 15c. 25a
Next— THE STILL ALARM.
Abreast ( The
¦ lA/ItH I Times
ALWAYS THE BEST EVER.
A really uproariously funny and beautiful
burlesque.
| CHOW CHOW. "~j
THE NEWEST SONGS
THE FINEST MUSIC
The Most Heautlful Costumes
And This Gr?at Cast:
RICHARD F. CARROLL." JOHN P. KEN-
NEDY. BEN T. DILLON. ROY ALTON.
CARL VOHO. HELEN RUSSELL, NELLIS
LYNCH. A Be'witchlns Chores.
NOTE— THURSDAY. April 28, A. O. T.
THEATER PARTY. _ > .
A GREAT SHOW
Every Afternoon and Eveniasr ta tie
Theater. .
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MINIATURE ELECTRIC RAILROAD
Esmeralda and Her BABY MONKEY la tk
Zoo.
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROP. MAZE.
INSPECT CABARET LE LA MORT.
TAKE A FLOAT DOWN THE FLUME.
Admission. lCc; Children. 5c. . ¦-/
When Phoning Aek for "The Chutes."
PaiflrP DON'T FAIL TO
.^ .«> '¦-¦¦• COURT Lounginf
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
. <*UU PARLOR, th«
r j PALM ROOM, the
lira n d louis xv par.
Ul ailU lor, «nd the LA-
WM± 1 DIES' WRITINO
Hotels Roou ' l
DIRECTOR*
OB -RESPONSIBLE HODSBSL^
Cfcialogue * and Frica Llsti Mallai
on Applloatlon. f
FBE81X AJTO gA£T KXAT&
f AC " RAVPC * Cti Sb»PP*a» Butchers. 109
J A5. . DUlCO tt t>U. Clay. 7 T«L Mala -12>4
_ ores. : ; .. ¦.;•
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD "** ELLI3.
' 418 Front st.. S. F. Phone Main mt. ;
• t--'\* :¦... . F&IJMTIJIQ. ->";•"•.¦
F.C^UUQBES. onsanSS^i.
-'^TO^ Cordially invite the pub- \£^h \ //
i$f\ > to attend the formal "^J^ Jl *&fj^
•|"\\ opening of their beautiful %M\l // ft i^
«. i\ 'San Francisco store, dis- " \\lf . I/Js*^
Xwbk vc playing exdusive produc- W ~fjr
||\ DIAMONDS, PEAELS, M Jl I Mfc
PRECIOUS STONES, T^ jl I J/.-
JBWILBT and SILVERWABB Vy ly
, lO^kllO GtAKY JTRLLT
ADVEHT1SEMENTS.
If You are Perplexed
In reference to the best deposition of the amount of money (small or large), which
you are putting aside for your family or for your old age, write The Mutual life
Insurance Company of New York for information as to the form of policy that vrfll
suit your needs. Here is an example of results :
• The late Archibald X. Wato-honse, of Philadelphia, who died aaddenly last
Friday, hc'.d policies amounting; to S8o,om in The Mutual Life Insurance
Company of N«w York. The forms of insurance under which these policies
- were issued were so selected that his widow will receive at or.ee (30,000 in ca«h
and an annual income of $3,000 for twenty years, and if she ia living at the end
of that period she will receive $60,000 in cash, makingthe total amount received-
under these policies frto.oco on which the premiums paid by Mr. Waterhouse
amounted to only $*7,49*.». (Fi-vn the PHitaddphta \ Record, Nov. 13, 1902.)
**** I n*i T at 1 isrtr
INSURANCE COMPANY OF
fa ' ,- in the
America RICHARD A. McCURDY, President World
STANLY FORBES, Manager, Sa~ Francisco, Cat
Sovthern Pacific Bjj A IK I
Union Pacific i||)' I' -J
Clean, Cool, Comfortable Irallisn^ W ' r~*G3&
Travel on Past Trains jhShhEp^i \*\. i— 'Sirm:
St. Lovis, - - $67.50 Hlur{ 11 ||f
Chicago - - - 72.50
For Exposition Information Bu&mmW^™8&v»ii§
Or any Southern Pacific Agent jj| iLrafe :? JCjlLi , ,,,,„;_ JjPRISOXERS ARE : SENTENCED.— James
O'Neill, an ex-convlct. who wu convicted by
a Jury In Judpe Dunne's court on a charge
of burglary. ' *a« sentenced yeaterday to «erv e
ten year* In Fblsom twnlt entiary . He en
tered the residence of Henry L«scette«. 15C7
Jackson street, on • October « and • etole ¦ some
John ,Burni. . alias John Williams,
alias John Neal, an cx-ronvlct, who plead -
ed cullty to a charge, of robbery. . was sen*
tencea ¦ to -»erve six- years ¦ In -San Qucnttn.
He and Joseph - Reed ¦ held - up and robbed
Michael Swetz.. a night watchman, on Bryant
a-trect ca Julf *• ¦
Kmpirc Men WIU Hunt "Varmints."
The members of the Empire Gun
'.Club will go down to their Monterey
County preserve to-night and will en-
Joy a "varmint" hunt to-morrow..
There is a California . lion which the
farmers near the club want destroyed.
There are also coyotes, wild cats,
coons and other animals to be hunted..
After the hunt the members and their
euest* will enjoy a bullshead break-
members \i are "permitted, to buy. golf
balls casually from caddies. : The mem
bers of the Ipswich Club are requested
to have their golf 'balls; stamped ¦ with
a\ private mark, registered with the
professional, who keeps* a '-list of them.
Buying balls .from . caddies or others • is
prohibited.'AIl ' golf balls found
on the course are brought to the pro
fessional, who ptys the caddie a maxi
mum price of eight cents apiece for
themt Members* can redeem their own
on payment of the amount paid by the
professicnal.'plus four cents for his
trouble. 'This ; system not only enables
a golfer to get his own* property. back,
but marked . balls are , useful on crowd
ed HnkaT,- when players .'* are - doubtful
whether ; a '•> ball belongs -to ¦ them»el vea
or "to another." ... . ¦ •
,Thc Tpswich Golf Club, England, has
adopted s certain rules with - regard '. to
caddlesand lost balls: it being obvious
that* a' premium is put upon dishonesty,
arid- the' professional -"is "deprived of
profits \ that • • fairly - • belong - to > him if
thirty-six holes, medal score. .The con
testant who makes the best score will
receive .a ' gold medal, ' and the : player
who hands in the second best score
will* receive ; a silver medal.
'Entrie?, accompanied by the fee of
$."?, should be made with the secretary
of ' the club to which the intending con -
testant' belongs before 3 p. . m. on
Thursday, May 5. The lists of entries,
accompanied by the entrance, fees,
must be ; placed by the 'secretaries ; of
the clubs ;.in the hands of T George E.
Starr, : 803 Rlalto building, i Sari Fran
cisco,'no^ later than 3 p. m. oriFriday.
May! 6. The drawing for partners 1 will
take 'place at 8 o'clock on Friday even-1
ing/;- ¦ • ; :' :y \-' ¦'-. : ' ":'¦¦'.;. -¦- ¦'¦ : . ¦¦}¦¦ .
At meeting of the members
of the San Francisco Golf- Club held
last ; Saturday" in this city it was de
cided to incorporate.- The club has con
cluded to abandon the attempt to
keep the course* on the Presidio reser-,
vation In suitable condition "for golf
and is seeking pastures new. Th£ com
mittee appointed to select a new.loca
tion consists of : f.-R.' J. Woods, S. "C.
Buckbee, .H. M.' Hoyt • and Warren
Gregory. . . - -,• • .
, During the- week the committee' has
been examining, a tract at Ingleside
near Lake .Merced. This . is -the prop
erty, of, the- Spring Valley Water Com
pany, which is /'desirous to have the
golfers located on its^gfound" that they
may aid Jn,. the j task^'of .keeping tres
passers out. 1 To-morrows the committee
will'go over 'the: tract of '. land, suggest
ed in compahy^vvith W.'Schussler, chief
engineer , of : the Spring * Valley 'Water
Company.;, Robert Johnstone, the ¦ pro-.
fessiorial-r6f ' the .San- -Francisco Golf
Club,' thinks ; well, of /the', tract and has
expressed .the i opinion • that • good ,'.. tnrt
can | be, grown "upon , it.- The committee
has, provisionally ;laid : ;out' an elghteeri
hole course from a'rougn' pi an that has
been r prepared.of-'the'tract.- - . .
Inasmuch as the,Spring : Valley. Wafer
Company..will- not i permit , the golf club
to; erect -a ; house ;. upon jthe f ground, - it
will be" necessary, for, the; ciub to pur
chase' some land! adjacent .to the v prp
pos'e'd tract 'on 'which to ; -build." A; suit-,
able; piece ' of ' land owned ' by President
T. H. 'Wi{liams of the New California
Jockey^Club is; available and \ it is un
derstwd r arrangemeritsicanbe made' to
piircha se any. quantity that may be de -
Bired'up • to twenty," acres." "'. >/ '¦;.¦ '
.'It; is the. interitionlof the golf club to
provide facilities [riot only for golf but
also for .'lawn* teiiriis, r polo -and pother
Rports,' to 'establish a country, club; in
fact; "^ It;has been Jsuggested';that pro-';
vision 'might -bev made for "a. cricket
ground; also.' ' : ';-, ; v ' -
The • annual • tournament ; . for : the
cnampi6rishlp~ ; of the Northern - Califor
nia' 'Golf ror i the
yea.r/ ; vvhlchlwas ¦ to'have' been . held on
the" Presidio , links; Jwill^take. place- on
the* ; course, of ; the; San* Rafael iGolf Club
on : Saturday;' May.7./; Play "will, begin at
9 - a.^.rn. "' promptly^; and ~ will ;be s'over*
Country Club With Polo
and Other Out - of -Door
Recreation Is Projected
CITY GOLF CLUB
SEEKS NEW LINKS
The foregoing list contains the names
of several well-known association foot
ballers. C. W. Irish, H. Roberts and" j:
D. Robertson are referees of the Cali
fornia Association .Football Union,
while A. E. J. Chivers, L. E. Duquesne.
R. Hooker, P. R. John, E. M. Petersen.
R. Shand and A. Weaver, were^mem
bers of teams that played -for the
championship. H. H.Cooksoh is an old
bowler of the Bohemian Club, which
won the championship in 1896, but went
out of existence at the close' of the sea
son of 1897. The Rev. S. H. Wlngflelfl-
Digby is also a member. of the Pacific
Club, but may not play with more than
one club during the season. With H.
B. Richardson. B. Kortlang, E. G. Slo
man, E. M. Petersen; A. E: J. Chivers,
P. R. John, H. H. Cookson. T. J. A.
Tiedemann and other good" cricketers,
the destination ' of the "championship
emblem* of 1904 can be foreseen pretty
accurately already. ,. ' •'
If it 4 should be found possible to make
provision ? for ; cricket on tract- of
land to be takenup by the; San Fran
cisco Golf Club the British game, would
receive the greatest: impetus it has ever
had in the Pacific) States. A. good
ground with .attractive . surroundings,
where it Is ' possible T to, have a '."turfed
pitch, would ? attract^ many.', lovers of
cricket -who do ; riot care 1 for [ the .game
under present; conditions. 7 It is prob
ablethe directors of the golf- club,- if it
should beifound practicable, 1 would sub
let the ¦ necessary/area to j the cricketers
on a Ions lease .on-' favorabla'-: terms.
Since , many of the, cricketers ; would'not
be prepared to become -members' of Ithe
golf club it would [ be necessary, for the
cricketers to ; ; erect y their; own\ pavilion."
It has" been 5 suggested on several occa
sions that; the ; cricketers • of _i San .Fran
cisco and ; 4 neighborhood .should X en
deavor .to "secure: a "grouhd;and pavilion
of their^ own, arid certain locations have
been looked: at, ; but '^nothing,- has result
ed* from the suggestions.-; The present
is an \ opportune i moment (tor a revival
of « the - effort to , establish -cricket ' onTa
satlsfactpry ; footing ; in 'i San V FraricI sco
and vicinity. 1 SM ground on this ¦ side of
the bay v would not : be ;sb ;cony'enlerit * £ to
Alameda c6unty:residQnts*as,the"pres
ent ; ground,- but;, it /would v tend tto.Uhe
general 'betterment of the 'game. ".
W. S. McGavln, president; E. G. Sloman anil
T. J. A. Tiedemann, vice-presidents; H. . H;
Richardson, honorary secretary-treasurer ¦ and
captain: H. K. • Boulton. A. E. JV Chivers. H;
H. Cookson, the Rev. S.. H. Wingfleld-DlBby,
II. Dixon. L. E. Duqufsne, T. ' Evans.' J.'Greer,
L. J.- Holton, W. L. Holm*. 'R. Hooker, C. U'.
Irish, P. R., John, B. H. Kbrtlamr,' J. McCul
lough. C. . Mor.tajtue, E. M. Petersen. H. Ram :
sey, A. I). ReynoldB. H. Robert*. J. D. Robert
don, M. G. Ross, R.- Shand. W ¦ R. Stewart.
T. B. Smith, C. Stratton. E.. J.. Stratton. T.
H. A. Tiedemann and A. Weaver. '.
The membership roll of the San Fran
cisco County Cricket Club' has been
handed in to the California Cricket As
sociation by T. J. A. Tiedemann. act-
Ing secretary of the -winners' of 'last
year's championship. It contains thirty
three names, as follows:
STAR ATHLETES WHO WILL COM
PETE TO- DAY IN ' FIELD DAY
AT . BERKELEY OVAL.
Golf Club Entertains Idea
of Making Provision for
British . National Game
Both of the newly elected track cap
tains of Stsinford University and of the
University of California will start in
the World's Fair field day this after
noon at Berkeley oval. Captain Bell
of Stanford will contest in both the
high and broad jumps and the pole
vault. It has been the custom to elect
a sprinter to take charge of the team,
but Bell was chosen on account of
personal popularity with the men and
because of his executive ability. Cap
tain Roy Hackley of the University of
California is entered in the mile run.
He- has asked the Pacific Athletic As
sociation officials to put on a special
two mile race so that he may try for
the coast record. He won the inter
collee-iate event at that distance last
week and is confidant he can lower the
mark of ten minutes ten seconds made,
by Hunter of the Olympic Club many
yt-ars ago. The request has been
granted and a two mile event has been
uddod to the programme. 1 In order
that the new record may stand, if
lowered, the association has made this
an open evtnt with entries to close nt
the track. ,
Trainer Walter Christie. of Berkeley
has been in charge of the cinder path,
for the last week and has .worked ,it
into fine shape. He reported yester
day that the recent rains had made
the course fast and it would be no
fault of the track if s'ome records
did not suffer to-day. It has been
whispered about that there is an ex
cellent chance for one of the sprinters
In the hundred-3 r ard dash to equal
Duffey's world's mark of 9 3-5 sec
onds this afternoon. Tony Cadogan is
running in grand form . and is equal
to the trick under favorable auspices
if his leg holds up under -him.' He
ran a close fourth to Duffey at Mott
Haven two years ago when that per
formance was made. Emil "Abadie
and O. F. Snedigar are also sprinting
at their best notch. It. is a tight fit
between this pair. 'as spectators niay
vouch who saw Abadie win by a cou
ple of inches in a trialbetween them.
Parsons of Southern .California, Frie
sell and Steckell of. Nevada and Cope
of Lick also have^reat' chances! in
this race, which should oe . the ; best
ever run at the distance' in California!
Never before have so many attract-'
ivc features been crowded into one
athletic event. The prospects of close
contests in every number, on the card
is bright. Tlieiritercollege, rivalry be-,
twecn Stanford and Berkeley lends ah
added charm and the light for su
premacy,against both by the Academic
Athletic League lads and Independent
athletes against both' throws a glamor
over the whole affair. . Only,: the best
men in their lines have 'sent in en
tries and the .winners will^ be entitled
to the trip planned for them, to- rep
resent the coast • at ' the Olympian
games in St. Louis./ :
Owing to delinquencies of the mails
three entries wereomitted in the orig-,
inal list.- West. Stanford's 'broad
Jump winper, will be among the 'leap-'
ere and Claude '\ Kern and ; Harry,; Dane
of the^ University; of" California" will
sprint for glory' in 'the quarter vmile
race. '-'. -•-•'.- ¦._- ' .¦•- ; " >•.'.--..¦-'. ¦ ,'.
Fleetest Sprinters and Best
Jumpers lAtc Entered for
Field Day at Berkeley
CRICKETERS MAY
GET NEW GROUND
ATHLETES EAGER
FOR COMPETITION
They were won twice by the Hotch
kiss brothers— Homer and 'Marius—'
but the former, is in South Africa and
no longer plays. The cups have been
won once by the following teams:
Harry Routh and Charles Dunlap,
Church and McKay, Grant Smith and
Will Allen, R. N. Whitney and J. F.
Brady, Baker brothers aiyi Brabant
and Palmer. The last named team
won the trophies last and are in pos
session of them at present.
Of these teams but one t is still in
the race. This ¦ team is the Baker,
brothers, and the trophies will proba
bly go to them ultimately. .
Many. of the. old. teams have drop
ped out and their places have been
taken by new ones: Will Allen will
probably play with Drummond Mac-
Gavin. They played together in th^
last event of this kind, but w r ere not
successful. They, will probably allow
the Baker brothers a slight handicap.
The California Tennis Club will hold
a similar tournament one week later.
This event will be for the directors'
cups, which have been competed for
four times. They have been won by
the following teams in the order
named: Will Allen and Dr. H. P.
Hill, Grant and Chester Smith, Her
bert Schmidt* and Harry Rolfe, Will
Allen and Tracy Crawford. The two
last named teams are the only ones of
the four how playing for the cups. Dr.
Hill will in future play with Dr. Mc-
Chesney. The win of Allen and Hill
will not count for either of them.
Grant' Smith has dropped out and his
brother will join forces with Sidney
Salisbury. Young Smith has tried* his
luck with both' Mitchell arid Collier,
but these teams did not meet with
success. Smith and Salisbury should
make: a good team.
McChesney and- Hill will also be a
hard team' to -beat.
The fair, players' from the f two uni
versities caused, quite a surprise by
the excellent. tennis they played in the
second annual contest. The best play
ers in the central and northern 'part
of the State were pitted against _each
other and the tennis had more ."class
than most women's events. . Miss
Ratqliffe and Miss Edwards are proba
bly ,,f the best players, outside of /the
Southern California champions. ' De
spite this fact the inexperienced"Stan
ford girls made a good showing. They
easily held their own in the doubles
and although the scores in . singles
were one-sided, (he Stanford • players
were not outclassed.
The Golden Gate Tennis Club will
hold a handicap doubles tournament
to-morrow on the park courts. It is
one of a series for the silver loving:
cups which are to be won three times
by the same team; The trophies have
been played for about r Uv6 years 'and
no team' at - present playing has won
them more than once. ' *>
A 'twenty-dog open stake was run. at
Honey Grove, Tex., on March 29. B. O.
Walcott's Northern Flyer, by imported
Northern Surprise-Jessamy,* beat TV. H.
Lane's Texas Emln," by " Emin Pasha-
Silver Wings, in' the "deciding coarse. '
The Hanford Coursing Club will open
its new coursing park to-morrow. The
officials have applied "to the California
Coursing'Commlttee for a license. They
have' been granted»a temporary. license
to run pending action by the commit
tee at the next meeting. R. J. Earlstou
will be manager. Many Fresno dogs
will . participate. ;.
J.- J. -Lavin's string of greyhounds
left for St. Louis last evening in charge
of Trainer Henry Grassmuch. They
will course at Chicago during the sea
son, which opens next week. Spotless
Beauty was the only one of the kennel
to win a stake here. Holla Wells had
speed enough,' but was unlucky.l •
The Gilpin County Coursing Club of
Central City, Colo., ran a'thirty-two
el o'g open stake on the plains on March
26-27. The winner turned /up in Mos
conl Bros.' Green River, by Fortuna
Favente-Fairy Footsteps, which beat
Williams & Champion's Missile, by
Bright Chain-Imp. .Minnane, for final
honors.
Open stake — Concor.1 Boy. Old Ironsides.
Foxhimtrr. Fashi Pleasant, Warco. Ragtime.
J EH. Black Coon. .Youns Johnny R»x. Silver
<"oud, Ragired Actcr. Pur« Pearl. Adams. Sea.
Lion. Red Pepper. Prometheus, ColoreJ Lad)-,
Princess". Snvoy, YHlowtail. Lord Braie».
Apple Blossom. Bob R.. Jerry Wright.. Rich
Argosy. Vina; Orsina. Lily York. Pepper Hill.
Cosette, Reckless Acrobat, Idleness,' Erisicy
Boy.
The young greyhounds will have an
opportunity to show their speed at In
gleside Park to-morrow in the ; puppy
stake. Sixteen In all will start.' Owins
to the length of the card the first brace
of puppies will be slipped at 1 o'clock.
The likely winners look to be: ' ", •"-.
Puppy stake — HumboMt. Prosperity, Bright
Columbia. Octavlous. Igniter, Silent Water,
Fiddler. Good as Gold.
The third of the series of contests be
tween greyhounds for the Grand. Na
tional Champion stakes at Union Park
to-morrow will be between Rubber An
kles., the American Waterloo winner,
and Sacramento Boy, one of the famous
greyhounds of the State. f \.
Sacramento Boy is in form at pres
ent, . as evidenced by the Impressive
manner, in which he won the .reserve
stake on the 10th inst. James Sweeney
has Rubber Ankles at her running
weight. On form she figures to lead
Sacramento Boy, but the latter is a
general favorite and will be. well sup
ported. r v\
Th reserve stake is remarkable . for
the number of dogs entered by owners
from the interior. The running will
commence to-morrow upon the arrival
of the 10:15 a. mi. train. The ' first
course in the Grand aNtional will be
run upon the arrival of the 1 o'clock
train. The likely winners look to be: ¦
Haphazard. Cloverdal". Tralee Lass, Boot?.
Donnyurook, . Terra Cotta. Gambit, Sem
prnnius. Mr. Zisnesro. Queen's Motto,"- Racing
Auto, Lost Chord, Ploughman. Aeolus. Rock'r
Arm. Menlo Prince. As;gi»» W. llerry-Go-Roun'l.
Favor. Free. Idaho Boy. Fontenoy. Flaunt.' The
Referee, Duhailcw. L.niu Girl. Hudson, Ruby
Sankey. Red Rock. Tralee Boy, Belle Fr?e,
Cubanoia. Frtsky Barbara.
Friday. September 9. cruise to the mouth of
Or.ktand Creek to meet the fleet of the Encinal
Vacht Club and escort it to the anchorage of
tlie Oakland Canoe Club: review of the fleets;
club Mnoker and clambake at 8:30 p. m.
Saturday, September 10— Open championship
• .:-¦•» race over Lower .Creek and bay. distance
risrhteen mites.
Sunday, September 11 — Escort the fleet of
"••¦ Enctnal Yacht Club to the mouth of Oak
land Creek.
Sunday. September 18— Handicap race In
pennant #erlPts for eloops.
Saturday. September 24 — Closlnif day; "live
laTJasf eaUmp and ladles' paddling races;
match between the club champions. Canoe vs.
fc'ioop; full moon.
"house cleaning" day at the club quar
ters on Sessions Basin. The season
will be opened on May 15 with a recep
tion In the clubhouse, a regatta and an
inter-club canoe race. The other
events arranged by Commodore
Charles Stewart are as follows:
Sunday. May 2»— bruisp to the Encinal
ischt Club anchorage at Alaracfla. Full
mo'iti. **¦
Monday, Hay SO. Decoration day— Interclub
osnoe ra.ee and yacht regatta off the Enclnal
* Tub houw?.
Sunday. June 5 — Return from Encinal Yacht
CJub.
Sunday. June 26 <full moon) — Sloop race in
lipndleap pennant neries.
Monday. July 4. Independence day — Open
Jioutic at club ouartcrs on Sessions Basin. East
Oakland; mixed falling race; holiday cup for
ranoc» and event of pennant series lor sloope
Kunday. July 17— Cruise of fleet of Encinal
Vacht Club to Oakland Canoe Club.
Sunday, July C4»-Interclub canoe race and
event of handicap pennant seriea for sloops
r>vcr -the Ijovrr Creek course, from the draw
bridge to Goat Island and return, distance cine
r.-.ilrs.
Sunday. Aujrurt H — Handicap race In pen
rumt wrice for sloops.
KuTiday. Aujyurt tl— Cruise In squadron with
f; Li<-vt k • on board .
Monday. September 6. T^abor day — Practice
cmlre en I»*ver <i*ek and bay.
In the evening:, beginning at S:15, a
Hgh Jinks will be held, each member
bting permitted to bring one guest to
the entertainment. The guest will be
admitted only when accompanied by
the member introducing him. After
the jinks refreshments will be served.
For the convenience of those members
and guests who desire to return to San
Francisco to-night, launches will start
from the clubhouse at midnight or
cbout l. m. m., as may be found more
convenient.
The principal items of the programme
B1 the jinks will be provided by the
DeKovea Club, but there will be some
additional stunts, the precise nature of
>\hioh has not been disclosed.
To-morro^ the fleet will take the
opening cruise of the season on signal
from the flagship Challenger. Though
<<nc or two yachts may not be In com
mission yet. almost the entire fleet is
ready to take part in the first regular
f nilinc event.
Last Sunday the members of the
Oakland Canoe Club were busily en
gaged in putting their craft in readi
i ess for the coming seasdn, which
promises to be an unusually active one
for the mosquito fleets of the estuary
and Alameda. To-morrow will bs
At 12 noon to-day the pleasure craft
!ying at moorings off the San Francisco
CJub house at New Sausalito will be
<3«rked 'by their owners with all the
fcignal and prize flags to be found in
their lockers. The clubhouse will be
parly adorned in like manner with
American flags and the San Francisco
J-urpee.
This marks the opening of the 1904
jachting season on this bay and as
o!f the clubs are flourishing and have
lull membership rolls the year is ex
pected to be a successful and interest
ing one. From 2:30 to 5:30 p. m. tW
yacht owners will receive their friends
en board their boats and music will be
jirovidcd for dancers in the main hall
cf the clubhouse.
CARDIXAL 31 EX CONFIDENT.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. April
22. — A feeling of confidence prevails
among the members of the Stanford
team and among its supporters at col
lege that the baseball game to-morrow
will result in a victory for the car
dinal. The men have been practicing
faithfully since they defeated Califor
nia two weeks ago and have Improved
both in fielding and batting. In the
numerous practice games that have
been played during this time the var
sity has never failed to make a credit
able showing.
The line-up to-morrow will be the
same as in the last game with Berke
ley, which was as follows: Catcher,
Ball; pitcher. Sales; first base. Colbert;
second base, Williams; third base.
Swain; shortstop, Trowbridge; left
field, Chalmers;, center field, Wirt;
right field. Knight.
Sales has been pitching in fine form
and is expected to repeat his .work in
the last intercollegiate game. How
ever, he had a finger hurt in a prac
tice game on Thursday that may inter
fere slightly with his pitching. Tritch
will be Sales' substitute and should oc
casion call for his going into«the,box
he can be depended , upon to give a
good account of ... himself. The best
showing he has made this year wa3
in the game with the Presidio nine
last Saturday,, when he pitched gilt
edge ball, , having the soldiers com
pletely at . his. mercy. - «. . . .
After the game the team will go to
San Francisco to spend the evening.
A banquet will be held first in a down
town restaurant and afterward .a cap
tain for next year's team will be se
lected. Heitmuller will probably be
chosen. If he does not get the honor
Bliss will.
BERKELEY, April 22.—Califor
nia's baseball team cannot be said jto
be in the. best shape for the final
championship game with Stanford to
morrow afternoon at Idora Park. Cap
tam Adams is suffering from a
wrenched ankle and "Ham" Hamilton
has just got out of a sick bed after a
five days' siege and things look rather
blue for the pets of the Berkeley cam
pus. It is fairly certain that Adams
will go in and hold up his end at short,
but about Hamilton there will be
doubt up to the last minute. If the
team loses either of the players it will
be badly crippled, as there are none
to take their places. In case one of
the two cannot play utility man Gunn
will be used to cover the ground.
Otherwise the team is all right and
prepared to put up a stiff battle. Heit
muller will pitch. Bliss will cateh and
the others will hold down their reg
ular places — Graham at first, Gillis at
second. Strub at third, Sweesy in cen
ter and Wulzen in right.
There was some talk of substitut
ing Strub for Heitmuller in the pitch
er's box, but the plan did not mature.
At least, it won't be done unless Heit
muller is touched up too often. In
that case Heitmuller will go to center
in place of Sweesy and Gunn will take
Strub's place at third.
The threatening condition of . the
weather makes .it probable- that the
game will be postponed. The new
grounds at Idora Park will not stand
much water and another shower such
as occurred last night will render
playing almost impossible. The col
lege men practiced on the grounds this
afternoon and they found them none
too good then.
Handicap, Doubles Tourna
ments Ave Announced by
Both Clubs in This City
American Waterloo' Winner
Drawn Against Sacramento
Boy/ in ! Grand National
Berkeley Baseball Men Feel
Gloomy Over Prospects.
While Stanford Is Merry
.Ban Francisco Sailors Are
to Entertain Visitors on
Board Their Pleasure Craft
TEAMS ARE FORMED
FOR TENNIS PLAY
RUBBER ANKLES
TO START AGAIN
PLAYERS READY
FOR FINAL GAME
AMATEURS OPEN
YACHTING YEAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, 23^ 1904;
CLEVER ATHLETES TO MEET IN WORLD FAIR FIELD DAY TRY-OUTS
10ALLEGED BURGLAR CAUGHT.— Osorg*
Your.jr. . accused ¦ of - stealing- a watch - and | »ult
of crothes from s Serenth street tod *infhous*
was arrested last nicht and ¦¦¦ booked at ,tha
ficutbern statloo on a chary: of *u%\UTS -
¦ • ¦
IJMA. Peru. April Tt. — Th* Cabinet ha* r«
•iirned. but It lit cot expected that the fe*i£n&
tiot. will be accepted.
...". It.' Q. Smith -JFltwertld)... I........ 100
6Gei> tCrlss Cress IHayes). .....;......: ...107
6671- Dollie - Welthoff /(Weaver). . . •? .'.'...*:: .107
.... Glen Briar (Rogers)....'....... ...... »7
• 6658 Dr. Rowtll (Blaslnzarue). . . . . .:."."; . .102
64Stt .fMuresca^ (Hayes) t .....;..:. ;'. . ... . . 1107
4549 tVictorla : S (Moore) . .'. '.102
: BC44 'Ananias (Schorr) ..'.....' '. . .... .I»i2
: 0844, Toledo ,(Gaylord) ....;.....:........; 07
' *Apprcntice allowance.
'¦'-' Jtioa Angeles Index 6575- \.
tHayea entry. SB'
Its Batting Against Seattle^ Proves
; Weak in First Northern Game. ;
. .PORTLAND, 1 April" 22;— The : open
ing of .the baseball season here marked
the continuation? of . Portland's losing
streak:* In'the]garneUd-day"withISe-'
atUe; Portland's r batting • was - weak/
Hughes } pitches : . a '/] good " game,' ; ; but
ThlelmaVvXnd^Butleri'werey-'bothvhit
freely. 'Attendance,; 2000." Score: - '
' .;• ---V^ •:,.- •.. ¦ n; h. ¦ e^
Portland .....*.... 0 0 0 0 - 10 0 0 — 1 7 0
Seattle ;.:'.. ..... .1 0 1 \> 2 0 0 0 2— « lo l
« Battertea — Thielman,.- Butler . and-: SteeTman;
and Wilson.':. Umpire— OConnell.-'^,
PORTliAXD STILL LOSING.
ony. ¦''¦{¦
Fifth race— Col. Anderson, Rio
Shannon,' Blessed -Damoael."
SLxth race— Toledo, R. Q. Smith, Dr."
Rowell.
\ First rn«>— Riesca, Gondolas, Skip
Second race— Geo. V. McXear,
Meada,, Salable.
; Third .race— Walter, Ripper, Tono
pfthl
• Fonrth race— Grafter, Horton, ; Eb-
PROBABLE WIXXER8.
¦ CALL ,-. sutoscritoera . ; coatcmplatintr a
chansra of residence durtasr the fnmmei
moatha can have thslr papar forwarded
by mall '¦ to their new. addr ess by notify
ing- THE • CALL Bnslness Office. This
paper win aJso be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local
airent in all the towns on tho coast.- .'••
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN'
FOR THE SUMMER.;
The last association football match
of the present season will be played at
Agricultural Park, San Jose, to-mor
row for the benefit of the medal fund.
The Thistle team, winner of the 1904
championship of the California Associa
tion Football League, will play against
an eleven made up from the si* other
clubs affiliated with the league. The
train leaves Townsend-street depot at
9 a. m., . the price of round-trip tick
ets being' $1. Tickets may be procured
from any member or at 116 Geary
street. The ball will be kicked off at
2:30. p.' in. ;_
The teams will be made up in the fol
lowing order:; ,
Thistles. Position. Rest of League.
Lowe Goalkeeper Chiver.«
Tlerney.... ".:;... L*>ft Back......" Petersen
Forrest .'. Right Back..McKcnzle (cap)
Taylor........... Left Halfback Turner
Duncan...'. ...... Center Halfback... Mathleson
McGregor.... .... Right Halfback... Duncaneon
Drummond Outrtde Left Churchill
T. Disher.... Inslda Left..... .E. Fay
T. R. Lydon Center Forward Pi Fay
Smith Inside Right.. ..T. Fay
A. ; Disher Outside Right Duquesne
Of the Rest of the League team the
three Fay brothers and Duncanson are
members of the Independent team that
won. the only game lost by the Thistles
during the 'season; Mathieson, Dt»
quesne and Churchill are members of
\he Albion Rovers; Petersen and Tur
ner; are Vampires; McKenzie is- of the
Oakland Hornets 'and Chivers of the
Occidentals. The reserves are John of
the Albion Rovers and Millie of the Oc
cidentals. Many' good judges of asso
ciation-football are of the opinion that
the Thistles will prove victorious. In
asmuch as the players opposed to* them,
though individually good,' are placed in
positions to which they are unaccus
tomed and with partners whose . woxk
they do* not know familiarly. . y
Cliampion Team of Thistles
AVill Play Eleven Picked
From Six League Clubs
FOOTBALLERS GO
TO GARDEN CITY
A. M. "Cumraing and wife leave
shortly for Klamath Hot Springs for
the first of .their fishing trips of the
season.
Last Saturday, a party made up of
James P. Sweeney, Dr. A. J. Sylvester,
J. Peltier. Dr. W.' R.' Cluness Jr.,'. Dr.
George Sweeney, Dr. Wegbron ¦ and 'J.
B. Hauer'made a firhing pilgrimage to
Carmel River near Monterey. . The
total catch was more than 200 fine
trout. They found the Carmel small
and clean. The fish , took both spoon
and fly readily. It is reported that all
the coast' streams .below Monterey,
notably .the: Big. and Little Sur, are af
fording excellent fishing.
The fishing was poor, at -Point Reyes
last Sunday. The fish seem to go in
and out on a. tide '.and the visitors
happened on a time when they were
out in the waters of Tomales" Bay.
Among the sportsmen on the- stream
from this city were: W. Barnes, J. B.'
Keriniff, Charles Breltenstein, Sam
Wells, Bert Spring, Ed Banker, Frank
Dolliver, W. A. Cooper, Dr. W. Louis
son, Al Lachman and' Ed Lynch.
Each succeeding shower of, rain
since the opening of the trout fishing
season has proved a dampener to the
hopes of the fishermen, as it has had
the effect of retarding the clearing of
the streams. The season will be un
usually late, put when vacation times
come the sport will be at its best.
There has been considerable fishing
about Santa Cruz with bait, although
all the streams are reported. high. The
prospects for. good sport later on are
better than they have been for years.
Doc Watt, who spent several days at
Boulder Creek lately, took one four
pounder. • v " .
Considerable fishing is being done at
Sims and Dunsmuir on the Upper Sac
ramento. The largest flsh taken scaled
four pounds two ounces.
Sam Heller and-Achille Roos have
returned from Truckee. The river is
overflowing its banks and the fishing
is poor. Good returns are expected
about May. 1.
Each Succeeding Shower Serves ns a
Dampcner of the Hopes of
the Anglers.
TROUT FISHER3IEX AWAIT
THE CLEARIXG OF STREAMS
Walks I'onr Men, Givins: Uncle Hank
Ills Only Tally.
L<OS ANGELES. April 22. — Newton
had one bad Inning In which he walk
ed four men. This gave San Fran
cisco their only run. At all other
Btages he held them safe and four
hits were all they could grather. The
champions again fielded in poor form
at tim-*-". but batted opportunely.
Kmltti's catch of a line hit ball in the
ninth inning; was a feature of the j
Grume. Score:
Lew AMK>le«— j San FrancUco—
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. II. P.A.
n»nrt cf.4 113 0 Wldrn. rf.it 11.20
Flood ZbA 1114 Hldbd. Jf.4 0 0 2 0!
Smith. 2b.4 0 114 Mmry. rf.4 0 1 0 <» J
Or»th, rf.a 10 3 0 Irwln. 3b.4 0 0 2 2!
Rofs U...4 1 1 1 «»Ma»*y. lb.3 0 1 13 0!
Ch»iw. lb.3 O 1 10 1 L*agy^ c..3 O O 3, 1 j
Kymnd. »2 « 1 2 l'Adrsn. 2b.4 « 11 2'
8r-te». c.3 0 15 0 Miller, e..4 0 (I I 5
Newtn. p.3 0 0 1 ZJKnelt, p.. 2 0 0 0 4
Total*. 30 4 7 27 X2< Totals. 33 1 4 21 U
RUNS AND HIT8 Br INNINGS.
L<* Amrtie* 0002 I 001 *— 4 J
I!PF, hl!f « I I I 101 2 1-7]
Sag Franctaco ..O0 1O0O0O 0—1 '
liase hltt 1 1 00 0 1 I 0 U— 4 J
, SUMMARY. |
8to!ca base*— Roes. Chaee. Hildebrand. i
Meanr- Errors— Klo«d, Raymond 2. Newton. J
Three-base hits — Ro«».- nernard. Flood. Two- J
tofli* hits — Mawey. Raymond, PpSes. Klrrt b*»» •
on errors — Pan Francisco 3. Lett on ba*f s — }
Lo* Anrele* 4. Ban Francisco 11. Dun on!
t«alla — Off Newton 0. off Knell 3. Struck out—
By Kf»*tl 2. by Newton 3. I*>uble play— New- |
ton to Raiinond to Chase. Wild pitch — Kn<i;i.
Time nt jramp — 1 hour ana 43 minutes. ¦ Cm- j
plre — Harton. ': I ¦>.*»•• ¦'¦'¦'' i
XEWTOX'S ll\D IXXIXG
DETROIT. Mich.. April 22.— The season
oprntd wltli a r^'ord-brtaklne «*rowd and
Earn*. Tlve field wes frorrnunfled -and grounrt
ml'S.wrre it» order. St. Lout* not ahead in
the firth on hits and wild pitching Detroit
tied In the wventh and each team pot one in
the ninth. After that neither «W*
daiknct-s ending the game after twelve in
:..r.r-- Attendance. 16.C04. fcor*:
rw-troit « Jl I
Bt. Lciiis « 1« S
Hatteri«^ — Mullin and BucJow; Pelty and
Kahr.i.
WASHINGTON. Ap^Jl 22. — New York to-day
*tut cut the locals. Attendance. 2<>0. 8core:
• . R. II. E.
Wasjjirorton » i'»i-?i
Xw YorX ¦ 2 « 0
BatterJen— Patten and Kittredee; Chesbro
and McGulre.
PHILADELPHIA. April 22— Pitcher Henley
van responsible for th» defeat <>l the locaU
by iJorton to-day. In the Fixth Inning he -was
twice hit «afcly and made a wild throw to
fii*t. Attendance^. 6700. Score:
3 ' 4 O
r-wton 3 * «
Philadelphia :.-••«? , * 1
Batt*rie»— Dlne«n and Farrell; Ilenlry asd
• -^ ;
CLEVELAND. OMo. April 22.— The feason
T.C8 open«Kl in Cleveland to-day in the pres
ence of 17.000 person*, who crowded the dia
mond, requiring a ground rule. Cleveland won
oieveland - 1° * 3 '
<Tilcago 2 . 1
Baitcrle!"— li^rnhard and Bernl*; Rtricklett,
. Fraith. Sullivan and Barry.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW TORK. April 22. — New York turnwl
the tablet" on 'Philadelphia to-day and won.
Attendance. 1600. Score: «
New York »*» »? 2
3 5 6
Batterie»— Taylor. Miller and Warner; Breck
inrldge. Lush. Dooin snd Marehall. Lmplre—
i:n:elie.
PITTFBCRG. April 2t. — Pfel«*r «a» ea«j
f >r CTneinnatl and after the third inning mth-
Ir- could rtop their batting streak. Attend
fenc«. 400O. Score:
PtUtef. 5" ,»
OiKinnatl 10 IS 1
Batteries— Pfelstcr. Camnita and Phelp*;
Harder and Peita t'mplrc — Johnstone.
BOSTON. April 22. — Brooklyn outplayed
Boston in all department* of to-day'* gam.-
and won with eaee. FlshT. *tir> pitched hU
flrrt Jeacue rame, wax wild and ineffective.
Attendance. 13o0. Score: .
R. H. E.
Brooklyn «' 1© 1
Boston 2 7 , ; 2
Bott«>rip» — Jones and Bers*n; Fl*h<"r and
M< r«n. l'mplre» — Mortn and Zlmmer.
AMnniCAN* LHAGVE
The fans were breathless when St.
; Vrain threw two balls and .two strikes
; to the doctor. Th«;n a fast one came
sailing over ths rubber and the medi
| cai man swung on It. But the ball
only got as far as second and Casey
quickly devoured it, putting an end to
a great game. ;
Toung Emerson, the youth from San
Jose, made his flret professional ap
pearance as a pitcher for the Oakland
team and should have won his game.
The youth made a great showing, keep
ing his hits scattered all the time and
fielding beautifully. Two of the Ta
coma runs came in on i errors by Bot
tiger and Strelb and the tnird was the
result of a home run by "Truck" Eagan
In the fourth inning. "Truck" hit
the leather over the left field fence for
the longest drive of the season.
SL Vrain, for Tacoma, pitched a won
derful game and had the Oakland play
ers completely mystified in every in?
ning but the ninth, when they made
such a noble bid for the game. He
struck out eight men In all and walked
but two. The score:
Oakland — i Tacoma—
AB.H. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Ganly, rf.4 .; 0 1 0 l.Catey, 2b.3 1 114
Franks, t.3 0 0-3 l.Shehn, :!b.4 0 10'2
Krugr, lf.4 10 5 0 Ndyk, lb.3 0 2 15 0
Dnlvy. ef.4 110 OErjuv S...4 1 1 0 2
Schfly. 2b.3 0 12 5 Lynch, cr^S 112 0
Strelb. lb.4 0 0 12. 0 McLln lf.1 0 0 I ' 0
Devrx, 3b.4 0 2 0 0 Hnvn. rf..3 ,00 1 : 0
Botgcr, c.3 0 0 5 o'Grahm, c.3 0 0 7 1
Emion, p.3 0 0 0 C St.Vrn. p.4 0 0 0 6
•Moskm ..10000 . »_ _
, Total*. 28 3 6 2T IB
Totale.33 2 5 27 IS •
¦Batted for Bottieer in the, ninth'.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Tacoma .......... 0 0 110 0 0 0 1—3
• Base hits 1 0 2 10 1 0 0 1— <5
Oakland 00 0 0.0 00 0 2-^2
Baec hlt« 0 0 10 10 0 0 3—5
• SUMMARY.
Home run — Egan. Stolen • baees — Casey '
Gunley, McLaushlln. Devereaux. . Errora—
Ca»e. Bottiser, Strelb. Two~baee hit — Dever
eaux. Sacrifice hiU— Hannlvan, McLastughlln
First 'base, on errors — Oakland \,i Tacoma, I
First base on called balls — Off Emerson 5 . off
St. Vrain 2. Left on basea— Oakland ,3. Ta- '
coma *i. Struck out — By : Emerson ¦¦ 5 - by 3t *
'Vrain -8." Hit by pitcher— -Lynch. . Wild -pitch
— Emerson. Time of game— 2 hours. Umulre
McDonald. ' ./ ..- • ' :
¦ ;• ; ¦ • ¦ ' m ? ¦ '...'"
RESIGNS IN- FACE OF CHARGES. -^Notary
Public H. H. i McGHI. with offices . In the Par
rott bulldinr. yesterday - tendered his : r**lgTia-^
tlon as ¦ ruardlan ¦ of the person : and ' estate of
Henry Hetherintton, - an , lncomprtent.- • James ,
M<arns> was auoointed in his stead.- McGiH's
resignation - followed upon ¦ the - filing by At tor- '
ney C J. Hasman of a choree of -squandering <
, Hetheriofcton'i |iOW «tatt.
It reminded the ancient fans of the
days of the . old Haverleys yesterday
afternoc-n when Pete Lohman's Oak
land tossers began to wallop the ball
in the ninth Inning. They batted two
runs over the rubber to the tune of the
joyous yells of the multitude and then
quit. So Tacoma triumphed, 3 to 2.
But that finish was a real Garrison
boy and will be remembered, some.
With one out, Kruger hit an easy one
to Casey. He threw badly to first and
bo the runner was safe. Then Dun
leavy popped up a "Texas, Leaguer"
to center, which many went after but
no one caught. Schafly tore a torrid
bingle right past the first base line
and Kruger came romping home amid
the yells of the multitude.
Dunleavy got to third on the hit,
and when Strelb produced a long fly
to left field Dun chased over the plate.
Then Brick Devereaux responded with
a beautiful drive to right, which sent
Schafly to third. At this point the en
thusiasm of the crowd knew no bounds.
Devereaux promptly stole\ second, and
Dr. Mo-skiman, the ever reliable, who
has batted in many a run in his time,
was called in to take a crack at the ball
in place of iBottiger.
W. L. PC. W. ,L PC
Tacoma ..1C S .OTT Seattle ..:il JI. .50!)
Oakland ..15 10 .«00 San Fran..l2 14 .4M
Los An*.. .15 11 .577 Portland V. 4 19 .173
STANDING OF THE CLUBS,
. The 'fourth singles - tournament will
be started to-day. It was scheduled to
commence with" the doubles last Satur
*day,' but as many of the members were
unaware of the fact that the new green
could r be: used* they did not put: in ah
appearance."
. The new green In Golden Gate Park
was found ,ln excellent condition last
Saturday by the Scottish bowlers. It
had not been used for several months
and after the heavy rains the grass
is green and fresh and the earth firm.
Many of the players were out of prac
tice, but the weekly games will soon
put them in good shape.
Only two tournament matches were
played last Saturday, when the first
doubles tournament was commenced.
This brings play down to the first
round, in which there are sixteen
matches.
In the upper half the best matph
will be between John Reid and J. M.
Earsman and J. M. Duncan and M. L.
Crowe. - These teams are evenly match
ed, with the odds slightly In favor of
Duncan and Crowe. Another good
match in this' half will be Samuel Irv
ing and Robert Park versus J. Stotl
and J. McLaren. The latter- are con
sidered the stronger of the two, but
will have no easy time winning.
In the lower half two close games
are expected. A. Foreman and J. C.
Moffat will meet W. A. Cook and J.
W. Elder. | Moffat is the champion and
with so clever a player as' Foreman
for a partner stands probably the best
chance of winning the tournament.
Cook and Elder are a strong team and
their opponents will have to do some
clever bowling to beat them.
The last match of this round also
promises to be close and interesting.
Y. C. LawBon, one of the cleverest
bowlers in ; the city, with Alex Craig,
another expert, will try conclusions
with Dr. Hamilton and W. R. Eaton.
Hamilton ' showed great . improvement
in the last singles tournament, in which
he beat some good men..
In measuring the bowls used last
Saturday it was found that those used
by David O'Brien had two small a bias
and. were not up to the standard. For
this reason the match between O'Brien
and Joseph Gray and T. Altken and
H.. L. TIckner will have to be played
over. O'Brien was substituted for the
Rev. Mr. Guthrie. O'Brien and Gray
won the match ! la3t Saturday, but will
have a hard time doing so again, as
their opponents make a strong.team. "
The following learns will meet in the
first round:
J."-P. Taylor and ff. H. Stewart vs. AIpx
Hay and A. MrNair, John Reid • and J. M.
Earsman vs. J. M. Duncan and M. L. Crowe.
Samuel Irvlns and Robert Park v«. J. Stott
and J. McLaren. J. S. Webster and O; C. Pat
terson vs. D. O'Brien: and Joneph Gray, or T.
Altken and J.- Gray. T. Millar and A. P.'
Patterson vs. James Me&ms and Thomas. Mc-
Nauglit. Charles --Adams and-James Gray vs.-
E. j. Clinton and A. A. McViear. A. Fore
man and J. C. Moffat. vs. W. A. Cook and J.
W. Elder. T. C. Lawpon and Alex Craig vs.
Dr Hamilton and U. R. Katon.-.,
The New Green in Golden Gate Park
Comes I7i> to_AH the "Expecta
tions of Players.
SCOTTISH BOWLERS EXTER
. INTO SPIRIT OF THE GAME
Lohmaifs Stars All but Tie
Up the Score With a Great
Rally in the Ninth Round
HomeTeani and St. Louis
Americans Play 12 Ex
citing' Innings to a Tie
Mares and geldings 14-3 hands and
not exceeding 15-2 hands— E. D. Bey
lard's Deppo and Jocko; Mrs. W. S.
Martin's Rogue and Xoir; F. J. Caro
lan's Pastime and Pleasure; Bey wood
farm's Darcourt and. Echo, Siesta and
February.
Best pair mares or geldings more
than 14 hands driven by a lady — J. S.
Tobin's Shadow and Sunshine; F. J.
Cardan's Pastime and Pleasure; Miss
Crocker's Digore and Electric; H. T.
Scott's Castor and Pollux; Mrs. W. S.
Martin's Rogna and Noir; Baywood
farm's Thum and Pasca; E. D. Bey
lard's Deppo and Jacko.
Mares and geldings not exceeding
14-3 hands*— E. D. Beylard's Tommy
Tompkins; Baywqod's farm's Padre.
Ponies not exceeding 14-3 hands —
Baywood Farm'e Thum and Pasco.
Mies Whittell's Gadfly, F. J. Carolan's
Silver Tip.
Mare or gelding not exceeding 14
hands and driven by a lady— E. D.
Beylard's Jacko, Baywood Farm's Dor
court and Siesta, Mrs. W. S. Martin's
Noir, H. T. Scott's Laddie. Miss Crock
er's Digore, F. J. Carolan's Silver Tip.
Mare or gelding more than 14 hands i
and driven by a lady — Paul Clagstone's ;
Bister. Miss Reid's Lalla Rookh, Miss
Whittell's Gadfly, F. J. Carolan's Ma
drone. !
Mares or geldings exceeding 15-2
hands— Baywood Farm's Eminent, F.
J. Carolan's Prince Charming, E. D. j
Beylard's Tommy Hopkins, H. J. But
ters' Commander.
Heavy polo ponies — F v J. Carolan's j
Beau Brummel and Rafecal, C. I. To- I
bin's Buster Brown, R.' {M. Tobin's Ro
sina and Pet. /
Light palo ponies— Paul Clagstone's
Sister, F. J. Carolan's Bangle and Rag
time, Baywood Farm's Par-a-Chat.
Marc or- gelding more than 14-3 i
hands, driven by a lady— Miss Frances
Hotvard'3 Blaxes. Baywood Farm's
Padre. E. D. Beylard's Tommy Tomp
kins, F. J. Carolan's Sporting Duchess.
Tandem manes or geldings, more than
14-2 hands— Baywood Farm'8 Chub and j
Pasca, F. J. Carolan's Silver Tip and ;
Pleasure. . j
Ponies not exceeding 14-2 hands —
Baywood Farm's Chub and Pasca.
Best qualified hunter, jumps not to
exceed five feet — San Mateo Hunt j
Club'R Belle, W. S. Hobart's ' Royalty i
and Quail, P. D. Martin's Isabella, F. J. j
Carolan's Spectator and Scarborough. : ]
Best four-ln-hand," not to exceed 15
hand* and to be driven In team— F. J.
Carolan's Crougle, Treason, Reason and ,
Plunge: H. J. Butters' Commander, j
Edward VII, Captain Jinks and Ginger.
WASHINGTON. A:»ril 22.— The. Preeldent
to-4fty arat to the Senate the nomination of
Jame* M. Shour. Alaska, to be United States ]
Marshal tor toe District ' of Alaska, di vis lor. j
Jvo# Hi
The fourth annual horseshow under
the auspices of the Burlingame Coun
try Club will be held at F. J. Carolan's
Crossways farm, Burlingame, to-day,
beginning at 9:45 o'clock. The show
will be griven for the benefit of the Ar
mitage orphanage, and a large and
fashionable attendance is expected.
The entries follow:.
Best pair of roadsters— A. L. McKen
dry's Dillashe and Tick Bcncon.
Mares and geldings more than. 14-3
hands high and not over 15-2 hands —
Baywood farm's Doricourt, Echo and
Siesta; J. S. Tobin's Shadow; F. J. Car
olan's Pat time; \V. S. Martin's Noir;
H. T. Scott's Laddie; E. D. Beylard's
Deppo; P. D. Martin's Lady Violet.
Pairs mares and geldings not more
than 15-2 hands— E. D. Beylard's Tom
my Tompkins and Tommy Atkins; *^lrs.
A. N. Easton's Ben Bolt and Crusader;
H. T. Scott's Castor and Pollux; F. J.
Carolan's Prince Charming and Chief
tain; Baywood farm's Eminence and
Excellence; H. J. Butters' Crusader and
Edward VII.
Mares and geldings- under 14-3 hands
—Paul Clagstone'"s Sister; Baywood
farm'B Par-a-Chat; Miss Crocker's
Macaroon; Miss WhitteH's Gadfly; F. J.
Carolan's Beau Brummel; Miss Reid's
Lalla Rookh.
IMMENSE THRONG
WATCHES OPENING
GAME AT DETROIT
OAKLANDERS MAKE
A QUITE EXCITING
GARRISON FINISH
SPORTY HORSES
IN THE SHOW RING
OAKLA2TD BACETBACX— -FRIDAY, ; April 22. — Weather clear. Track good.
«OCO.r,FIRST RACE— She and a- trklf- furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds *ip'd up; to first, "$325.
Index .y. r \ Horse and Owner. i. Wt St. '%. %. $Z'. . Strr Fin. Jxkef. Op.. Cl.
6C21 ISoHnus 5 (LI I^evy) ..:.... .'. . 101 2 - ..". 1 2 V 2. 1 3 1 5 J. T Shehn S 11-5
MCS» San. Lution. -5 (Robbins). ..... 0C 3 ... 2% 2 1 2 3 2 3 Herbert ..-.10 20
C«45 Nonie. S (Garden City Stable) 9»"5"\.r (1^5 3 4 Mr 3 1U McfSrlde ... -Uti tC
,eO45 4 Nellie Bawn. ».(J. McCibe).-. f>0 12 :. . 4 n .3 n 3.2 4 4 JJ. t*»is... 5 9-2
«M4S Lozano-5 (Leach & Cook).,... 104 11" ..,.,11. 11.- .9 ?5 5 2- W. Narvaez • = SO 3O
6«30 T6to~Gratlot. 4 OVIlkerson) :: 105p 8 J '. .'. 6 % 6 4 '7-1 ©»i" P l PhHlipa. :» »-2
Wi46 Jdg. Voorhies 4. <Mnrray Co.) »« 7 ... 7n 7H8n 7 1 .j\Vrisht S S
C«45. Athdrose. 4 (F.'NVHayes)?:.: ~tW 9 V.. 10 B 8 1 6.1 8, 2 T. r.ut!»r.. . .1O CO
;S351' Red Tip. 5 (J. 1 Henderson)... . 109 6- ... 3 4 % & «4 0 .1 ]F. Kelly... 30 50
€508 . Tmfel. 5 (G. Edison).......; 98:10 0 110 111 10 4 IJ. ' Jcn»s.. .. 10 »
fl&IB TJwma. a (Partlnston Bros.).. ¦ 101 4 .... S 1 S'%19 4 IV ; Pltzp* trick 10 20
I 82oa l wuilam Ack, 6 (Pattoo)...,.. lOlj 1 !../.' Pulled up ... ... JHoIbrock ..j IS 12
[Tlme^-:24H. :4D%. 1:15, 1:22^.- At -post 2,V, minutes. . Off at 2:l«JVi. Solln-Js. plate. 1:
show.-. 1-2.' : •Lutldn place. 8; »ho\v, 4."' Nonie. show. :2.. Wfnner.- b. g. by Indlo-JCdlth.
'* .Trained by J. B. rEarnghaw.. Start good. Vt'tm > very-, easily. Second easily. Third driv
" ing.- Nothing bothered the -winner. ", 'Xdnije could have been second wita 'a vigorous iMts*
V Nellie Bawn just- outside.' Lozano ran a ci*ver race. Toto Gratlot an Tret -fronr sp*td as
• a frog Is of feathers. ., Judge Vocrhlea can "do -better.- -Red Tip had spjifd. •Los An
' ; geles ' index' M25. . • : - ; " .:' ¦ —••.,..- ...... * '
6O7O.' SECOND RACE— Four furlong :, purse ; 7-yrar-oIds; value to first, 8323.'.. ,
Indexj .' Horse and Owner. '|Wt St. ',%.,<¦•%. %. Str. Fin, t . Jocfeey. I :Op. Cl.
(C634)lRiIeo (EKPrlmero Stable)...".. 112 2' ./. .'.; 2-n 1 n 1 2 J. T. Shehn: 3-3 3-S
6C32 Tearl Waters (O. F. Waters). 101 5 '....... 3 1%4 ft 2 3* W. - Knai)p::L' 12 W.
(e&>2) Cardinal Sarto (Summers Co.) 112 1 ... .... 4 4 3 1%3 h Se* .;.;..... 3 >2
. CU47 David Boland (Baird & Cojf. 101 4< ..'.-¦... 1 1^2 J44 S J. Jonr*..:,. 50 fO
G«2S. Nell Sullivan (X. H; Spratt).. 101 T' ....... 63 5 n & 2% ilcBride ... ,-,20 60
C«U Cedarbure (Alhaijibra Stable) lt>9 ' 9-- . .^ .... 8^74 rt 1 V, Vfckery ¦ ; .". . O 109
6150. Tar Flat (Mitchell & G.).."... 1C1 K '..'. ... C 1 6 2£7 4 -IHolbrOoli .. j2O CO
6C52 Heredla (Cll/ford & Co.)...... tC5 3 ... 7^83 S 2 \fP. Phillips.- . 15 " 20
Gallant Cassie (Mrs. Miller).. 109 9 ... ... 9 0 0 j|F^ Kelly..-! 50 CO
Time — :2iy t . M9&. 'At post 3 minutes. Off at 2:4-1. Sileo, place. 1-4; show* oat. Waters.
. place. 0; show. 8-5. . Sarto, show. out. Winner, br. c. . by St Andretr-Siler.ta. " Trained
"by C. Winchell. Scratched— Tarcoola Belle. Storma. Lillian Ayers. SUrt fair.' Won a!l
driving. Sileo. best. Pearl -Waters ran nn Improved race. .Cardinal Sarto dUl not have
clear sailing. .iDavld Boland wift . win socn. H«r«dia ran poorly. , ..
0671. THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling ;. 4- year-olds and up; to first. $323.
Index Horse and Owner.- • ¦> WtlSt. yj. v,. %. Str. : Fln. |. Jockey, j Op. Cl.
(C621) Sweet Tooth. 6 (W. CahlH).. 10*1 2 '..'. 12.14 .1 41 2Vj|W Knap^I .7-10 7-10
064» Shell Mount. 5 CJ.Ryan)...... 107] 5 ' ..'. 4 ?4'4"*i'3 n 2 l«4 l Holbroo«C .. ' ' G S
•3201 Dollie Wcithoff. a (Weaver):. 10411'..:. 2 % -3 % 4 3 ns fSinnott « »
¦"¦••¦> -t Red Damsel, 5 (Mrs. Russell) llOt 7 .*.¦.¦< ft : T i.H 2 4h (See .'. : 10 ?0
6484 PIckaway. 4(A. J. Jackson). 97 6 ... 3 4 2 n 2 iy.5 V* Sh^nvood .. 10 13
6053 Batidor. 4 (W. P; Fine)...... SHl 4r ... ¦ 7 1%R 1%M C 4 . McBride ... 20 to
6631 Headwater, a (D. ;J. Carey)... 1C5| 9. ... -6 % 8 0- 7. 3 7 2%IP. PhlUlps. « . 10
6657 Yng. Morello. a (ScharetR).... 10»! 8: ... S h 6 14 8 ' 1%JT 4 IJ: Jones.... 15 2O
CC51 iSteph, 0 (Northern Stable).'..} 0«>l 3 .. . Sn'9- i> -0 . |Ada;r : -30 20
Time — :24Vi. :49U. 1:15. 1:22.' At post V 2 minutes. Off at.3:06% '- Tooth piece,' 1-3: show.
1-0 Shell Mount, place, S-2; show, -4 : 3. Dollie. . show. ¦ l: ¦ Winner br. _h.- bj*"Coarad-
T06 Swe*t. Trained by W. Cahlll. 'Scratched— Aunt. Polly.- Our Pride. Olcnrlce. Start
bad. Won easily. Balance driving. Winner twst. Shell Mount showed improvement.
Dollie Welthoft weakly ridden. Red Damsel clostd well. PIckaway quit. H»adwat«r
can do much better. Toung Morello .has a bad leg. *Los Angeles index 6386. tLos
Angeles Index 6577. .
«G72. FOURTH RACE— One mile; selling; 4-ycar-olds and up; value to first, $323.
Index Horse and Owner. IWtlst. ii . %. *&'. Str. Fin. I Jockey. | Op. , Cl.
6643 Kitty Kelly a (Stanfield) 105f 5 In 12 12 11!41 H |J. T. Shehni 3^2 11-5
(0504) Handpress. a (Magranc) 112 3 2 1 U2 h 2 3 2 2 2 7 J. Joneu «-5 9-ll>
6C62 Mocorito a (J. Ryan) 102 2 4 6 4 04 8 3 n 3 3 IKolbroofc .. 10 7
C650 Idogo. 0 (C. McCafferty)...... 00; 4 3 % .". 1U3 n 4 8 4 l%|Herbert ... 10 20'
665» Merwan. 4 (J. Quthrie) 1C»| 1 5 5 5 2 5n 5 1 5 5 IW. Knapp.. 20 25
•55C5 Little Secret, 5 (Owl Stable).. 102J 6 G g 6 6 8 jSinnott 50 100
Tlme^ — :2i%. :30. I:l(Hi. 1:42%. At post 2 mlnates. Off at 3:.n. r Kelly, place, 1-2: show,
out Handpress place. 2-5: show. out. Mocorito show. 4-5. Winner br. m. by Apache-
Play Toy. Trained by W. L. Stanfield. Scratched — Oro Viva. Start fair. ! Won In a
drive of two. Third easily. Kitty K«>lly fortunate. If Jones on Handpress had not
been given waiting orders latter could hav<» won easily. Mocorito no account. Idogo .
no speed this day. *Los Angele9 lnd»x 6^84.
CG73. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selllns; 3 -year- olds: value to first. ?325.
Index Horse and Owner. JWljSt. &., *i. %. Str. Fin. I JocVey. | Op. Cl.
6058 A B. Cook (Stanfield & Kills) 103 4 ... 14 14 1 2*£1 n (j. T. Shehn 8 12
C617 Lady Athellne; (McLaoghlin). . 101 5 ... 4 2 3 % 3 Vt 2 % j\V. Knapp.. 12 IS
etiOO, Scherzo (Pueblo Stable).. 108 C ... 7 1%« 3 f>6 3 ns IF Kelly.... 8 10
0041 Ocyrohe (Mrs. Coffey) 103 2 ... 3 2^4 4 2n 4 4 IShenrood .. 9-5 3-2
GC41 Wiggins (McAllister A Co.).. OS 7 ... 5 n 5 n -5 V, 5 n IJ. Jones.... H 5
€625 Rowena (B. & W.)... 9S 1 ... 2 4 1 ?i 4 1>J6 2 IJ. Lewis... 5-2 - -4
1 W.17 Dungannon (Knebelkamp) 04 3 ... « Vi T^Si 7 2 7 8 IMcBride ... SO SO
6C27 Moaita (J. de la Montanya).. 08 8 ... 8n « -?i S y 82 jHerb«rt ... 5O 10O
Black Braze (Alhambra Sta.) 10O » ... 10 10 10 t» 4 jHoIbrook .. 5O ICO
6611 Brown Patsy (Morehouse) . . . ; 104 10 ... 0 6 9 10 0 5 10 JFrowea ... 50 ICO •
Time — :24% :*$¥*. 1:15. At post 2% minutes. Off at 4:C1. Cook, place. 5; show, 2.
Athellns, place 5; show, 5-2. Schcrao, show. 9-5. Winner, b. c. by Flrutus-All Smoke.
Trained by W." L. Stanfield. Scratched — The Lieutenant. The Bujraboo. Start good. *
Won in a drive of three. Winner is fast and Just lasted. L&dy AthelLsg ran a nice race. *
Ocyrohe wretchedly handled^ quit. Wiggins a disappointment.
CG74. SIXTH RACE — Ory mile and 50 yards; **Illng: 4-ygar-olds and up; to first. $123.
index Horse and Owner. IWt St. U» W-i . !^- Str. Fin. [ Jockey. | Op. cT.
66C2 Golden Light. 6 (McCafferty).. l»7 1 3f{45 34 2h 1% IHerbert ...r 5-2 i
6626 Solon a (T. H. Ryan) 9-S 2 4 5 2n In 1 n 2 1%|J. Lewis.. .} 3 7-5
6630 Col. Ballantyne. tt (Ronatdson) 100 4 22 3 2 2 2%3 3 3 5 F. Kelly.. ..| 8 15
6C40 Cloche d'Or 4 (Mrs. Coffey).. 96 5 5 5 5 5 4 2 4 4 4 0 VV. Knapp.. t 8 10
63E0 Tom Slaving 6 (Clifford) ...:.. 105 3 1 % 1 1 5 0 5 3 5 4 J. T. Shehn 7 9-2
6656 JHermi-ncla. a (W. Cahlll) 94 6 6 6 6-6 g Wri s ht ..,.| 5-2 «
Time — :24?i. :49*i. 1:16. 1:42%. 1:45%. At post % minute. Ofx at 4:24%. Light, place. 1:
show, out. Solon, place. 3-5; ehow. out. Ballantyne. show, 2. Winner, cb. k. by Flam-
beau-Experiment. Trained by C. McCafferty. Start good. Won in a hard drive of two.
Third easily. Winner bid up from $300 to $1000 by O. A. Bianchi and sold. Golden
Light collared Solon when asked the question. Colonel Ballantyne ran a good race.
Hermencta apparently sulked. Tom Slavln blew up.
Johnwm started in the first round as
though he had made up his mind to
win decisively. He was after McVey
at once with right and left to the head
and knocked the Oxnard man down
with a clean left to the Jaw. He caught
McVey coming in and slightly off his
balance. This was near the end of
.JOHNSON STAKTS \V£XL.
• McVey proved possessed of but one
quality necessary In th* make-up of a
; figrhtcr. He could and did take a lot of
punishment without flinching. Beyond
this he did nothing. For round after
round he did not land a blow on the
elusive Johnson, and his» mighty rlgrht
arm. with Its ridges of thews and sin
ews, might as well Lave been strapped
to his side for all the use he made of it.
McVEY CAX.VOT PUNCH.
He did not larsd an effective blow
throughout the fight, Johnson never
Riving him an opportunity to get set.
With all his strength and ruggedness,
he showed no signs of aggressiveness,
and will never make a fighter.
Johnson showed all the cleverness
for which he is noted. He landed an
incredible number of blows on Mr
* Vt-y'u head, but he never followed up
his advantage. He had his opponent
in distress several times', but he re
" fused to take a chance and backed
away out of danger. AH ?orts of re- 1
narks were directed at the boxers, i
I NASHVILLE,' Tenn.,/ April 22.—
[Jockey Pierce j was "thrown by" Snow
drift at the second" jump of the stee
plechase at Cumberland Park to-day
j and has not \regained consciousness.
[The physicians say his chances for. re
covery are slight.. Old, in-juries to the
ribs were .renewed by the fall and it
is believed the broken bones are press-|
ing on the heart. Results of the rac
ing are as follows: » vT'-''V-.
. First race, five furlongs— Gay American won,
I Must second. Triumvir third.' Time, 1:02. .
.Second race, steeplechase, short course—Ita
cara 'won, Volantine second,- Jack Boyd third
Time, 3:14. ; -, - - <
Third race, mile— Briers ;won; Port Warden
second, .Tennesseean third. ' Time, 1:43 Vi- ¦ '
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles-
Christina won. AutoliKht second, Coundil
third. Time. 1 :48«i; * .: •¦¦ ,' :- ;\ ¦ -. . ... ;
Fifth race, six and* a; half ;furldngi~— Tommy
Knlrht won. Missile second. Balm , of Gllead
third. Time. 1 :2S. . . .'.... .
Sixth race, four and a- half ¦ furlongs—
Oiscau won. Dixie Lad second, Vildo third
Time, :36. • .
NEW YORK. April 22.— Aqueduct results:
First race. -four furlongs — Brush Up won.
Suzanne Hoeamoore 'second. Blueprint third
Time, :49 2-5. /¦* '.-
Second race, six furlongs, handicap — Tocsan
won. Tim Payne sepond, Charles El wood
third. Time. 1:13 1-5. ;. .
Third race, mile, the 'Flushing flakes— Nam
tor won.- All Gold' second, Dixie Line third.
Time, 1:40. j r ' "..- - ¦¦¦¦¦
Fourth race.four and a half furlongs— Lady
Frances won. : Chrysitls .second, Long Days
third. Time. :38. • .- * ' ¦ '¦ • *
tFifth- race, seven furlongs — Clncinnatus won,
1 John F. Ahearn second, Pretorius third." Time.
1 :2T 2-5. ' - •¦ . '•¦¦; , ¦ . ¦ ; -. . ;¦¦•:;¦ .."•; j . '
-Sixth race, seven , f urlo'njf s— Spanish V Las«]e
won. Lem Reed second, -Tro4Jville 'third! Time.
1:28 2-5. • ' •/• •¦ . . , • -- ". • - :
' ST." LOUIS, Aprll';22. — Fair Grounfls re
suUf: '.'. • ••.-•-¦¦.•¦, - - - . ,. ,
First race, four furlongs, selling— 'Buchanan •
. won,-- IMpper- second, --Jute Crums third.' Time,
:. F '2%. I .- \ .¦>.. .,.¦. r;
Second race, five and a half furlongs, sell-'
Ing — Tristan Shandy won. -Responsive second.'
Tower third. Time. 1:12%. .. • .•
Third race, six furlongs., selling— Mollle T.
iron. Hickory Corners second, vjloyal Plrato
third. Time. l:2O?i. - , • • 7
¦ Fourth race, mile, .'selling — : ArnoId K won.
Pretension second. Docile. third. • Time, 1:49*4.
'Fifth race, six: furlongs— Pyrrho won. Blue
BlaxP3 second,' Satchel third. Time, 1:21.
Sixth race, mile and Seventy yards, selling —
Broodier ! won. Exaiw second, M!Ik!rk third.
Time. 1:50. > • :
Recovery of Rider-Is Doubt
ful Because of Renewal of
Old Injuries "by a Fail
UXC0NSGI0US FOR HOURS
The sudden end of the contest proved
a surprise. There had been but^ little
tvork done from the twelfth to the
nineteenth round. In the latter .John
!>on took a chance and staggered Me-
Vey with rights and Jefts to the head.
McVey was nearly out, the principal
damage being done him by a hard left"
to the body. When he came up for the
last round his head had hardly
cltarcii and Johnson went at him
* grain.
He landed repeatedly to thehead of
the Osnard man and then scored
quickly with a right and left to the
jaw. The 'force of the blows turned
McVey completely around and he fell
a huge, limp mass, face downward on
the raddock floor. He lay there
breathing heavily until he had been
counted out, when his seconds assisted
him to his corner.
The attendance was small, the re
ceipts of- the gallery being only *S&0.
Joe Walcott and the Dixie Kid. \v}u>
are to fight at Colma next Friday
night, were introduced by Billy Jor
dan. . ' ,
CONTEST ENDS SUDDENLY.
fcut the one that brought down the
hou&e was uttered by some one. at the
ringside, who said: "Cease this bru
tality." • Ab hardly a good blow had
been striick for ton rounds humor
of the remark pleased the weary spec
tators. -M...Z " SifiX- •
the round. Johrjson went after him
again in the second^ round, Vehdi ng \ in
rights and lefts with- great regularity.'
McVey seemed ..tp shake up Johnson
early in the third fouhd with- a right
to the body and. then 'miased some wild
swings to the "head. . : Johnson landed
two hard rights to the body in the
fourth round. Johnson varied the fifth
round by trying fi^st for. the. head and
then for the body.' .
Johnson McVey in . the
sixth round with a right to the- head,
but the bell stopped proceedings before
; he could do % any further damage. • ;
¦The fight showed down to a snail's
pace in the seventh and eighth rounds
and ,the crowd yelled to "throw them
out." Johnson livened things up in the
ninth round, staggering McVey with a
right to the head. Most of the fight
ing done during the evening was In
this round. Johnson wrestled McVey
down in the tenth round and kept up
his piston rod left.
Johnson was busy in the eleventh
round but ; did little damage. In the
twelfth he had McVey groggy again,
but let him come to. There was no
fighting frvm this point on to the nine
teenth and twentieth rounds. " .
In the preliminaries,. Frank Fields
stopped Arthur Williams In 'the fifth
round. Williams was knocked down
and lost track of the count, although
he was able to go on. Fred Landers
knocked out. Jack Dougherty in the
fourth round with a right to the Jaw.'
In the second round, Dougherty was
sent down for the count of seven. He
then knocked Landers down twice, both
boxers staggering about the ring in a
dazed condition. The gong'v saved;
Dougherty in the third round, but in
the fourth he retired..: . -^
Eddie Graney refere^d the main fight.*
Twenty Rcoor.ds before the close of
the twentieth round in th?ir fight In
Mechanics' Pavilion last night Jack
Johnson knocked out Sam McVey.
This brought to a c'.or-e one of the.poor
rsl lifehu* ever seer, in this city. It
n.arked the first exhibition of the
t-hujRta Club, tvhlch butted into the
boxing same hrre only to give it a de
cided wtbaek.
For a time the spectators applauded
satirically the feeble swings and Jabs
of the boxer*. Then they jvsr«d the
alleged prJaciiatorp. and finally many o?
ihefn made their way out of the build
ing, leaving a small proportion of the
attendance to sit out each tirt-some
rorlr.d.
First race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up: selling: -... = ¦ ,'..¦•¦ •
(<«!S7)Facts (Williams) : BO
6C1S »Florestan (Hayes) .105
CC27 •Crigll (Gruweil).... 85
C04« Royal AVhHe ¦ (Lowry) ......'.... .;103
6K51 Skip Me" (Madison) Ill
6C35.SIr Dougftl- (Sheridan).. 106
"tHJNt 'Alice Carey (Bocttger) ..103
«:rj»O »Rustlc Girl ¦ (Fitzgerald) .ftf»
GCZ7 Gondolus (Jeunes?) . . io:S
CtfSO Xorth West (Clifford) ... 03
«CG1 Flyer (Ryan). lto
(CC58)RlesCa (McLaughlin) '• . . &j
Second, race — Four furlongs; two-yeaf-olda;
purse: --'¦... ' V . • :' '...-. •-,..' ¦-.•¦"•¦
6570 Salable (Blasingame) ......105
CKU Meada (Bianchi & Co.) ........108
•1570 Eduardo (Blakeman) .108
. 6C&2 Sea Voyage (McLaughlin) -'. .; : ...-97
;...: Alone ¦ (Summers) ................... 97
Reggie — Virjean. : •
6622 George P. McNear 1 (Stover) ...I.. Ill
6471 Prince BrutUH (CamenJn) ......108
6C28 Sea Air (Miller) ... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .112
: Third race.- Gentlemen's "cup— One mile and
seventy yards: four-year-olds and up;* selling:
- 6C33 The -Toiler (Jones) . . . . . . . . :v. .... . . . 165
Ridden by. Mr. Fateley. -
664S Ripper (Lane) t. . . ... 162
- Ridden" by Mr/ ¦Walter." -*
6414 Tamm (Magrane) . . . . : .1C5
•Riddeniby Mr.Dleckman. .
; 6(537 Walter. (Hayes) .." '.162
i ¦' Ridden. by. Mr. Skinner. - ~ ' • - .;
' 6G15 Joe John • (Lane) ; .'.' ; .1C2
Ridden by Mr. Fitzgerald— Kenny. >
C598 Tonopah (SchifT) I . . .V. . . . . . ; StS .*. . . .,1(52
Ridden; by Dr. Smyth.
• " Fourth ' race^-One and a > sixteenth -miles;',
three-year-oldaand.up; handicap. ¦. . . .
6660 Horton (McCanerty)" ........: ..102
(fi«f.6)Heather Honey; (Leach) '...;. ; . .-. . ; ~ 06
(6630)libony. (Cotton) " .....;.- 95
<6(»60) Veterano < VI veil) ..105
' 6672 Mocorito ;(WcIiman) -. .......; |»S
- 6642 Illilouon , ( Randall) tfT.i'i:. y .:v:7r^..:.M03
(» < .6CR)nivina ¦ ( El l Prlmero Stable) ... ...... . los
6642 Grafter tBlaslngame) 'T: ; .;
6624 Gorgalette ; (Fitzgerald) ...:...; ....;loo
¦ T\t th race^-One - and • a *' half miles; ¦' four-'
year-olds ? an<J ud: selling: ; -'.'¦¦¦ v
0650 Prestolus (Devln) .............:..... 104
"CR04 -Bless-ed Damozcl - (Chappell) . . ..;..... jvj
i C665 TheoJora - L ' (Smith) .7. ...;'. ; . :. . . ; . .•; 93
(<H?2.i)Col.-; Anderson,* (McLaughlin).'. .:. ..;;ioo
(6Cfi9)Rlo Shannon , (Coffey) . : . . . Vr. ......;;. 103
Isixth race— Six rand* a half furlongs; thires
ypar-oldsand up; purse:.'
.• C67S Ocyrohe (Coffey) '. ....... . . .'.; .V;.;. .102
This is Fabiola day at Oakland track
and a card of unusual merit is offered
racegoers. Among other features , is
a race far gentlemen riders, which It
is expected will attract society in large
numbers. Complimentary badges will
not be honored on this occasion.
i J. F. Newman left with Don Domo.
Our Bessie and Burnie Bunton for Chi
cago last evening. In the same car
went Sad Sam and Royalty, owned by
Harry Greenland Beau Ormonde, . the
latter the property of Mrsf E. L. Kripp
of Sacramento.
Jockey Sherwood departs to-day for
Chicago/and Jed Lewis leaves for his
home in Texas. The latter was a star
at Ascot Park, but rode in poor form
at Oakland. - A
Oswald Bianchi secured another of
the McCafferty string yesterday. He
bid up Golden Light from 5500. to $1000,
at which figure the Eastern horseman
let the gelding go. ! --\--:~
The Petaluma meeting opens on May
13 and runs for thirteen days. A boat
will leave Tiburon ferry every day at
11 a.m., and the first race will be called
at 1:05 p. m. Returning' a. train will
leave- Petaluma at 4:15, landing race
goers back in the. city before 6 o'clock.
Fane for the round trip is $1. Applica
tions for more than 250 stalls have* been
made, and several of -the bookmakers
now chalking odds at Oakland will
have a shy at the game.
ENTRIES TOR TO-DAY.
XOTES OF THE TRACK.
jBilly Cahlll's Sweet Tooth outclassed
his company^ in the six and a half
furlong run, winning without effort.
The big brown remained a 7 to 10
chance throughout the betting and led
Shell Mount and DoJKfc Welthoff past
the judges, with pounds to spare.
There was no question about stable
instructions beating Handpress for the
mile selling fixture. _ Billy Magrane's
little horse was a pronounced choice
and joe "Jones was told to wait on
Kitty Kelly the first part of the run
ning. When Jones finally did get to
work* in earnest he could not overtake
Kitty," the mare scoring by about half
a length. Mocorito, backed down from
10 to 7, ran. into the show.
--"Likewise did the next winner come
from 'the Stanfield stable. A. B. Cook,
a 15 to 1 shot, jumped away in front
at. the start of the six-furlong selling
affair and _ was never headed. Lady
Atheling, with Knapp up, closed very
strong, losing by but a neck, at odds
of*20 tb^l. .^Scherzo ran third. Sher
wood piloted the 3 to 2 favorite Ocy
rohe, and his effort was a farcical one.
Charley' McCafferty's Golden Light
upset calculations completely in the
final mile and fifty-yard event. Solon,
hammered down from threes to 6 to 5,
was supposed to be in and the smart
ones distressed themselves . getting
aboard, j The good thing led into the
stretch and was then beaten out half
a length at the wire by Golden Light,
ridden by Herbert. Hermencia seemed
to sulk. •
' Well, if J.' F. Sheehan didn't arouse
himself from the. lethargic state which
appears to v * almost, completely
.enveloped.hiin.for'.the past fortnight or
so;* and; pilot four' winners at Oakland
track yesterday/- He i was , alert at ' the
barrier and conducted himself gener-j
ally : JasMf tabasco fsauce.was his : ordl-r~
nary.' diet.- He firsts came 'Sailing home
on 8()linus,;; following- ir with landing
Sileb winner of the two-year-old scram
ble." O.^'hen after n short intermission
"J. F.<\ 'landed ; the mile •* event with
Kitty Kelly. , Next he" 'finished first
on Andrew B. Cook, ' a 15 to 1 1 shot.
Sheehan is a rider of ability If ;he
would just forget to sulk, and. now
that he has struck his gait should do
some 'good 'work' in •'thet saddle. "His
feat of .yesterday has not been fsur-.
passed by any rider during the season.
Again favorites made a standoff of it, 1
capturing three events. The track Was:
not fast, - , but. by this afternoon should
be in good condition. The usual crowd
was present.' ' .
Played from threes to 11 to 5 favor
itism, . Solinus led from start to finish'
in the opening number. Nellie Bawn,'
Toto:Gratlot and Judge . Voorhies, all
well ..backed.; ones, ran wretched races.*
San Lution, a 20 .to 1 shot, took the
show, ; three lengths before Nonie. •
Sileo ruled a 3 to 5 favorite for the
two-year-old scramble." The. St. An
drew colt' had Sheehan up and was rid
den - out, -a , couple of lengths before
PearL Waters. Cardinal Sarto finished
third. • '¦-'¦'¦' -S..-\
Jockey Pierce Seriously In
jured by Fall From Snow
drift at Cumberland Earfe
Golden : ; {•Light? Downs
\ ,a - Strong -
¦- K ; f Favorite. [ [¦¦-
Spectators Applaud Satirically the Feeb'e j^fw^lfpfStne^^ofeK
Giadiators and Then Silently Retire From 'the Scene, of -the
Alleged Battle — McVey Shows No Qualifications 'as-at Boxer
SAN FRANCISCO CABL'S RACING FORM \ CHART.
SHEEHAN SUDDENLY REGAINS HIS FORM,
PILOTING FOUR WINNERS AT OAKLAND
HEAVY-WEIGHT CONTEST IS POOREST
SEEN IN THIS CITY IN MANY YEARS
HORSE THROWS
STEEPLECHASER
DURING RACE
JACK JOHNSON KNOCKS OUT McVEY IN THE TWENTIETH ROUND
THE JSAN ; FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY,; APRIL 23, 1904.
11THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,. SATURDAY, APRIL 2.f; 100 J.
12
U COTTAGES TO LET.
$11— NEW cot.. 5 rs.: $8. cot., 5 rs. 17 Roscce,
first st. to right off Crescent av; Mission cars.
lkt.
TO let for summ?r, near San Anselmo— Large
cottage; part furnished; stable, large grounds
fine orchard.. Address A. VOGEL, San
Anselmo. Cal. ¦
MILL VALLEY— Completely furnished cottage.
5 rooms, bath. $40. Apply 622 O'Farrell tt.
DENTISTS. •
DR. GRUSS. 516 Callaghan bldg.. MaTket~and
McAllister sts.. use* the Basford obtunder ;
the only device ever ¦ Invented for grinding,
drilling and excavating teeth without pain.
Call for demonstration. Tel. Jessie 3G06.
DR., LUDLUM~HILlTi«3 Market.nr.ElevenTh
— Xo charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c;. gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break";
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 50; fillings. 50*":
plates. $5; full net: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
s Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up;fllllngs.25c.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst,r.l4 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 80tt Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns $2- no
pain; open Sundays. Dr. O.B.Hewitt, 204 Suttr.
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng: double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button an-i
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor: tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure: eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AT home in our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study in the entire West. New. complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, inspiring
instruction. 75- page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE 901-
1)25 Golden . Gate ave.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; established 18 years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; Just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE 24 POST S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night. sessions; illustrated catalogue free.-
A LARGER and better school' than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position- Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
' College. 1230 Market st. ,
LEARN SPANISH in two months; classes In
French and Spanish. $5 a month." \ •- '•'• -
; B. F. AMES. Teacher of Languages, !
' 268 ¦ Golden Gate ave.. .cor. Hyde stj
WANTED— People to know that the California
Business College has opened a department in
telegraphy in charge of an old R. R. opera-
tor. 025 Golden Gate ave. > .
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&Electriclty, 24 Post
St., S. F.; a practical school of engineering:
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln. mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. , City Hall.
SOCIAL dances .Wed.. '. Thurs.. Sat. and Sun. ;
¦ classes i Mondays.- .; Fridays. - Louise Foster's
School of Dancing.' 1556 Market, nr.^ Larkin.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh, Business College on
advice or official court reporters and be coin-
petent stenographers. 1382Market: catalog.
WESTERN Business ColIege;Odd Fellows' bid"
bookkeeping.- shorthand, touch typing arith
epelllng. writing, etc. ; day, eve. ; $4 mo.\tv<i?
DANCING— Professor Flndlay has reopened his
Juvenile classesat Findlay's Hall, 17th St.-
/ Saturday 2 to 5; private lessons dally. '¦>'.
G. MANSFIELD, teacher of violin, guitar
v ' mandolin, banjo.. 426 O'Farrell > tt. ? ¦ '
KENT Law School, day and - nlghi;' Includes
/literature, history, languages. . 536 Parrott bid.
SPANISH— -A practical and progressive method
RAFAEL SERRANO, , 530 : California, . r. - 4!
GUITAR., mandolin and piano $3 "per mo •
. mandolin club. *.<!'. per., mo.",,-; 828 Halght * st. ¦ ".
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day "ami
f,> PARTINGTON'g.> 424 Pine St.— Night c»a7s
PIANO lessons, 1 25c half £ hour. ,." MRS. PECK
¦ experienced teacher.^ : 1013 Mission, nr. 8ixth.
CHE APEST and best In America— The Weekly
-Call. 16 paites.- »ent to any address ; In the
L nited .States or Canada - one , year for $L v - -
) gMPLOYMEXT_ OFFICES.
GE^gITaOKI. 421 Poat «t.; tel. Bush 135--
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce. fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help; etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 428 Powell st. TeL Main 6.5-.
FRFTZ'i"~Erop. Office ; Japanes. and Chines*
help. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese EmpJoTment Of-
floe; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel Main 1007. BRADLEY " CO.. 64O Clay.
EMPLOYMENT \V A x\ 'ft! U — *•' ** » A L K -
AT 60S Mason St.. MRS. WALSER, TaL
. Black 1533. s?Zifr
. Man and wife, cooks for Alaska.
. Man and wife, cooks for mining camp.
A flrst-cl&ss German-American cook, $33. -
Chambermaid, references, $25.
Stenographers, bookkeepers, cashiers.
Young girl assist housework; Sunday off.
YOUNG German couple want positions with
¦ good family; man is perfect as nurse tf\a
masseur, understands all domestic work.
gardener and can handle horses.. Address
box 1483. Call office, -_
A . MIDDLE-AGED, refined, educated business
-woman from the East wishes , employment
with a business house: Is flrst-class book-
keeper. Box 1481. Call office.
DANISH lady. Just from - Denmark, wishes
chamberwork or housework. Apply MRS.
L. WESTERGARD. 214 Ellis st. ¦
GERMAN woman wants work by the day:
cooking washing or cleaning. Address MRS.
M. K.. 913 Natoma at. .
DRESSMAKER, first class, best rtftrencea,
will go out. Box 1359. Call.
MAN and wife with baby wish position on
farm; wife to> cook, husband to make him-
self usefuL Apply 337% Minna St.. between
Fourth and Fifth; call before 3 o'clock.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a position
to do general housework or chamber work.
Address 2738 Bryant st. "",¦ '*-
AMERICAN woman wishes housekeeper's po-
sition or cook on ranch. MRS. FAIRBANKS.
Cctatl. Sonoma County. Cal. ,
RELIABLE, ¦ competent woman wishes position
as took where second girl Is kept. 112S
Broadway. • _^
A YOUNG German girl would like a situation
in a small family. Call at 1183 Filbert st.
A JAPANESE girl wants a situation; is good
cook; has good reference: city or country;
wages $35 up per month. TAKA, 424 Powell.
JAPANESE; nice girl; wants position to do
cooking and housework in family. M. T., 1109
Pierce st. TeL Scott 17S5. -
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 033 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
P^rrlo^r^ro^eTs^OerkT saJesmetn booin
keepers, stenographers, help of all kln<l«;
we furnish competent, experienced help that
we recommend to fill positions satisfactorily.
WILDE & CO.. 759 Market, rm. 16; phone
. James 7141.
WANTED— Steady position on ranch; 20 years'
experience with cattle, horses farming; am
married, 4 children who will work. Address
G. H. B.. 2475 Post St., San Francisco.
YOUNG man seeks situation on a horse
ranch; one who has some experience ami
who Is willing to learn and willing to work.
623 Kearny st.. San Francisco, Cal.
BOOKKEEPER, competent and reliable, hav-
ing spare time, would devote It to vrritinjj
up books for a business house. Box 1487.
Call office.
EXPERIENCED young man desires position
as assistant bookkeeper or general office
work; good penman, best references, etc
Address box 1400. Call offlce.
NEAT, sober man desires steady place, doins
chores; can milk; understands gardening;
good with horses. Address box 2171. Cail
- branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
MAN and wife wish positions In country hotel;
man as porter or runner; wife as chamber-
maid or waitress. Address box 1362. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS cabinetmaker wants a posi-
tion in factory or furniture store. Box 1430*,
Call offlce.
BARTENDER, reliable, experienced. wUhes
situation in city; speaks German. Spanish
and Swedish; references. . Box 14S5.. CalL '
WANTED — Position by mechanic, tin sheet
Iron worker and plumber, in city or country;
hotel or factory. Box 1488. -Call offlce.
WANTED — Job as porter. Box 1497. CalL
YOUNG man wishes position In wholesale hou.'e
or anything. M. GEBHARD. 152 West ave.
WANTED — Position as engineer. 337 Sixth st"
Oakland. - , . ¦
WANTEI>— A man with over 20 years' ex-
perience In logging, railroad construction
and Umber estimating would like a position
an traveling agent to look up timber land or
take charge of extensive 19K*in« operations;
references. Address C. box 1187. Call offlce.
YOUNG man would like position as entry clerk
and stenographer. Address box 1428 Call
offlce.
WANTED — By a man with considerable hospi-
tal experience. Invalid and traveling compan-
ion, a position in any of the above capacities;
first-class references if required. Address
box 1377. Call offlce.
YOUNO M. E. wants position as draughts-
man; home work preferable; specialist on
gas engines and tool designing; detailing
done neatly and correctly. L. NORDSTROM
910 Pine st.
WANTED— Steady position en ranch- 20 years'
experience ¦ with cattle, horses, farming- am
married, family 4 children, who will work.
; Address G. H. B.. 2475 Post St.. San Fran-
cisco. • " •'¦ '-"¦-;
JANITOR — Man and wife, no children. Ger-
man-Swiss; man engineer, do all kinds of
repairing, own tools; wife do housecleaning
Box 1371, Call office.
WANTED— By experienced night watchman,
position in factory, warehouse cr whol?sj!<»
house; first-class references. Address J V
QUENTIN. 3121 Sixteenth St.. S. F.
ALL around butcher and sausage-maker wouM
like a position In the city or country. Ad-
riresa 67 Ryan ave., San Francisco.
COOXS— Two strictly sober Eastern men want
rancn cooKing together; best of references.
Address box 13S1. Call office.
MAN. 35 yearr. wants situation at something
with chance for advancement: small wacs
to atart. Box 1370. Call. S
COACHMAN and wife (British) want positions,
city or country; city references. Box 1424.
Call office.
GARDENER and man about place wishes po-
sltlon; thoroughly understands care of horses
and can milk; references. Box 13S2. Call.
PLUMBER (licensed) wants work by the day
or week from property owner; has all n*c-
egsary shop tools. Sox 1452. Call of flee.
.WANTED — Position as collector by rounx
man. 3145 Twenty- fourtft et.
TWO farmers would like to get work In city
or country. Box 1378, Call office.
WANTED^Light'work forarte'rnoons. from I
to 6 o'clock. Addresa box 1498. Call office.
WANTED — Place as cook in country; pleasuro
or mining camp. Box 1418. Call office.
AN experienced glazier wants work here In th»
city. Address box 1393. Call office. ,
JAPANESE, good cook. wa"tts a position as
cook and plain washing. GOR. MORI 251s
Pine St.; tel. Scptt 19U. *
JAPANESE good boy wants a position 'a*
waiter. KANTE K. FOYAGI. 807 Polk st-
phone Polk 3S02. : - ¦ ,'
JAPANESE boy (16) wishes position as offW
boy 1 or flight store work. Address FRAVIC
110 Taylor st. (rear). ; yyy*
A GOOD Japanese boy wants situation aa tonic
for risht family; city or country.; wageiw
up. S., HENRY; 455 Jesnie st. *
JAPANESE wants place C tr> 0:30 a ' m • T^Z
work. Address HARRY. 147 Powell st
FURSITURK yon SALE.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture f tores anrl
household goods; flau bought. Mission Au-
House. 429-439 ; Valencia; tel. Church 3370*
FUKXITURB WASTED^
i ABE LEVY. '¦ . ' ".'
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. TeL ¦¦ i.«i. -tin
Don't sell your furniture. carpVts. office fSl
.niture, etc. until you get hlaVatlmate: "
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
niture, carpeta. etc.,782 Mission; tSf Bush 4CT*
A. L. STORRS pays highest caah prices furni-
ture, carpata. etc. ; tel.- Larkin 363L KM E11U.
Ay-WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.*
• buys, rents, repairs, pack, furolturaf^rptS
B. T. SCHELL. 2412 Mission. teL Church MTQ*
pays best. prices for. furnltureV SSrSS.™
H1 iUIE? T P ric «« for furniture and mds* L. hI
"I EURD - auctiomer.lSlS Mkt. neLHowart 219%
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
Xr. business med'm. read dally $1; dev'p'g class
Thurs. t> p.m.: tel. Geary 984; 100UB G.G. ave.
MRS. LESTER'S test circle 8 p. m., 10c; read-
ln~s dally, 2.1c and TiOc. 122 Taylor st. *
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
elate-wrlter. 1112 Eddy gt. Phone Scott 8S7.
clairvoyants.
assure:) success for you.
Call at once and-save $4.
His famous $5 reading this week for
$1 fl $1" $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
¦ No charge No charge
Uniess you obtain the information for .. V
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE,
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever in San Francisco.
Read carefully. .' An honest proposition.
(You to be full Judge.)
1 do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make 'io charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you if
husband, wife cr lover Is true or false; who
and when you will marry; how to gain the love
of the on* you desire; "in fact," I will tell «ou
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself: his advice Is reliable, his pow-
ers are wonderful- and Indisputable: he Im-
proves your character so that you will reach
.the highest possible development In mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power implanted in
your nature, so you can change the Intentions,
actions or habits of any one secretly; cures
disease and lost vitality; gives advice on min-
ing and burled treasures; gives you success In
life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothing for his setvices.
10 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 2 to 6.
32(1 — O'Farrell street— 326.-
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St.. cor. Turk; private readings daily, ¦ 10 a.
m. to 5 p.m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered.' $1;
.full life, $5:, send lock of hair.' date of year
of birth; don't send currency; send postofflce, =
Wella-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A-MME, PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant me-
dium and card , reader, born with a double
veil and second sight, tells past, present and
1 future; 1. 00c, g." by cards $1;, palmistry and
clairvoyant sit., $1 60. 312 Mason, nr. Geary.
A— Miss M Wtlle, 460 Geary, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking -a ques-
tion, .names given; epecial, $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. and palm.;
• has second sight; a -wonderful prophetess;
..names; 1. 60c, g. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G.G. ave.
A — MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly,
advice given on nil affairs of life; satisfuc-
tion guaranteed: 25c up. 17 3d, next Exam.
Mrs.A.H.Krcnenberg.palmlst. ,' clairvoyant, card
¦ reader;when' others fall try r..e; good readings
10c. 721 Franklin,nr.O.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
A— MME. - RAjVENN A reads IK e : business ad- I
vice; names given:: 25c up. 1 835 Howard st.
MISS WARD," clairvoyant, gives < names.- dates
and facts; readings dally. ; 917, Market gt; -
MRS. BROWN, -clairvoyant. 'card, reader, - re-
moved from 1 132 to 23 & Cth; 1. -25c, g. 50c.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
. 26V4 Kearny, room '20;. ladles 25c; gents 50c.
MME.. MARSEAU, card •; reader; ladles 25c;
gents DOc: hours 10 to ». ,120 Sixth st. .
MRS." BAUMANN, " the well-known ; fortune-'
.trller. tendw at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant." - card reader." sit-
-tings dally. 44SU Jessi» st.. bet.'.Vh and fith.
CARPET BKATIXG ;. AND • CLEANING.
COMPUKSSKD air anil vucum system now
' vnlversally: used in cleaning carpet* on '
'. floor; i without . removal; price - moderate; > S.
. F." Compressed -Air "Cleaning Co..- SOS Mar-'
ket st. ;. tel. Main 152.;. Bush 47». . *
WHEN ¦ you i become disgusted with you. work
«nd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat- ,
Ing .Works. 355-357 Tehama St.; tel; South 40.
AT; MITCHELL'S.'; 240 'Fourteenth st..,: clean-
Ing & laying done reasonably. .Tel. Mission 74."
WESTERN Carpet : Cleaning Works.' 18C0 Har-
'¦' rison st.': 'Al cleanlng;;3c. -£Tel.? Mission : ?2&-'
CONKLIN'S^ Superior^ Carpet-Beating" Works.
•533 GoldenfGate ave.;" telephone 'East 12U. v
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat- ,
.:. tre;see made over.; 1432 Howard ;tel.South 216.'-
"ADVANCK Carpet Cleaning Co.; 402 Sutter St.; I
¦ tel. Main . 3!H. GKO.'c WALCOM i & ; CO.,', Props." :
RUDOLPH ftCO.'r carpet -beating, works; prices
. ; reasonable, , 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 203.
LODGING HOI'SKS FOR SALE— Con.
MARION GRIFFIN,
.406 Hearst bide, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black 3007. or take elevator 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
. We sell any house on our Installment plan. I
RESPECTABLE, quiet and clean; 14 fine larne
rooms; housekeeping; rent $40; clears $41
monthly; price $700. See MARION GRIFFIN.
40 ROOMS.
A 2-story house of 40 rooms; good furnish-
ings; all men roomers: rent $110; clears +150
monthly; reduced to $3000; easy to manage.
Also a 17-room hou?e on Van Ness /
ave.; rent ?G0; very little work for -
landlady; fine nppearing house, inside and
out; exquisitely furnished In elegant oak and
mahogany; rich Brussels carpets; clears $llHi.
Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
31 LARGE Funny rooms; new building; straight
rcomlng-house. see? Fine location, near
Geary and Jones; . eminently respectable ;'""-
make offer to my agent. MARION GRIFFIN.
20-ROOM houne put down to $1000; clean
and, full; rent $60; clears $C0 month;
sunny side of street. See MARION GRIFFIN.
PF.RFECTLY appointed r.0-room house in a
very central location, furnished elegantly
April. 1903; electric elevator, electric lights;
hot water In every room; 8-year lease; Income
$406 over rent; all large single rooms; room-
ers all business men
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406, Hearst bid.
SNAP this. 9 rooms for $250;
5 rooms furnished; 6 blocks north of Market;
rent $35. Call at 2 p. m. on \ '
MARION V GRIFFIN.
80 ROOMS.
Newly furnished 1 year ago; $3$00;
full of men roomers; wide halls; lease;
. very low rent. MARION. GRIFFIN.
SWELL transient house.
Beautifully furnished: extra fine hair mat-
tresses; new and modern building on sunny
corner; 24 rooms; rent $135: price $2800;
worth $4000. a s a money-maker.
See MARION J GRIFFIN.
•THE swelled small family hotel in San Fran-
cisco; reasonable rent, long lease; splendid
location; ras. electricity, private baths, mag-
:- nificently furnished and fully equipped; small
house, but clears over $5000 a year. MARION
GRIFFIN. .408 Hearst building.
100 ROOMS; sunny corner; rent $125... .$4500
112 rooms; clears $350; low rent.. ....... .$4500
80 rooms; furniture nearly new .$3800
15 rooms: fine location, north of Market. .$900
4fi rooms: in Oakland; new; rent $60. ...$2500
12 rooms; halfcash; cheap rent $600
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL &
CARROLL, 212 Kearr.y et.
MITCHELL & CO........ Phone Jessie 2081
1206 Market tt.. opposite Sixth.
NOTICE.;
we have apartment-houses, rooming-houses
and flat* to exchange. Call and examine our
list."--- - ¦ ¦ - • >•' ..• -•--¦ •;
16-ROOM house, close - In, cheap rent, good
lease, no vacant rooms, for $1200; payments
monthly. Address box 2700. Call office.
SIXTEEN-ROOM lodging-house. 402 G«ary st.,
corner Mason; no agents. ;
A 19-ROOM .boarding-house, ' full of boarder-
and 15 day boarders. 603 Howard st. i
TAYLOR. SIS — 12 well-furnished, rooms j and
bath clears $40 and your 2 ¦ rooms: : reasonable.'
16 ROOMS; rent $80; .water - free: . 2f4-year
t lease; furnished new: make offer. 1 323 .Taylor.
A BRANCH office of, The Callfor the'receptlon
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at I0C8 Market 'st.: opposite Fifth.
¦' Open -until -11 o.'m.-'T- ' . ¦ -:::¦
BAD tenants ejected for. $4; collections made;
city . cr ; country. ' Pacific Collection . ; Co.. » 413
Montgomery, rooms n-10;; tel. .MalnSSSO. ;
C F. ADAMS 'CO.''-' ¦"•'. ~xX"" '—
¦ SPECI AL. CREDIT, i STORE.. .;
-¦ We clothe- the. whole: famliy .-from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
-. Credit for /all;*' 31ft i Mason ? st.\, r < ¦-. .
V ¦-..••. C1OTHIKO BESOTATIa 3. ¦:'-,¦;;¦¦'
SUITS cleaned : and? Dressed. v'$l; i scouring and
:> dyeing. Bon : . Marche.? 40 -Ellis' st/-" room '• 14;
¦ phone Prumm 44, Cail for and deliver free.
j, _.-,; i^_:.^CTO3Bs:aypyTtnEa.' r :- :. v/"--^
.WHO?— Hunter.. 12CG Market st.; $100; rupture
cure for $10; circular explains; cend for, one. '
THE^CALL
JO KIT S. gyBECKSiaS. Proprietor.
* I ami QsnEartatiDBFjOHl McKADGHT, Kans^r
IV. J. MARTIN' Business Manager
' TEX DOLLARS REWARD.
• Xatiry The Call Office if You Miss
Your l*ai>cr.
If for any cause THE CALL Is net de-
livered regularly to subscribers pleas*
call up "CALL EXCKAWGE" and notify
OubscripUon Clerk in cnarce. Your com-
plaint will receive prompt attention.
A ' standlajr reward of Tea 3>ollars
( £10.00) Is offered for toe arrest aad
conwetloa of any one cauarht rtealiar
TEE CALL.
TELEPHONE.
A*k for THE CALL. Toe Operator "Will Con-
nect Ton With the Department You Wlstt.
• Publication Office Market and Third, S. F.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Sterenaon at.
Xfellrered t»y Carriers. 20 Cta. Per 3J>'*. n
CU. Per Month. Single Copies B Onty.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage (Caah Wltn
Order) : •• «m '
CAILT CALL flnclud. Sunday). 1 y«ar...*8.tw
1>AILY CALL <lndud. Sunday), fl mot.... *J00
DAILY CALL— By 61ngle Month <»«
FUXDAT CALL. 1 Tear -~°?
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year i.i°°
FOREIGN f Dally- - -*8 .80 Per Tear Extra
resrirr 1 Sunday. 4.18 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. "L Week]y . loo Per Year Extra
1 ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED <
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
C*mple Copies win be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers in ordering change of ad-
Cre*s should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
rrompt and correct compliance with their re-
«ueat.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
J1I6 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
tl4* Center Street Telephone North TT
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAJtUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. SI
Vnfon Square; Murray HIM Hotel; Flfth-aTe-
eue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Pherrr.an House: P O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotc!: Tremont House; Auditorium
Jioitl; ralmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATTVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS-.MarQuette Building
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2618.")
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE.
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Squar*
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franclsoo
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JOOS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 P. m.
*27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
until 9:30 p m
CTO Hayes rtreet; open until 9:30 p. ra.
*39 McAllister street : open until 0:30 p. m>
615 Larktn etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1341 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2TC1 Market street, corner Sixteenth: opea
until e p. m.
JOG Eleventh street; open until 8 p. m.
100C Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Kcrth^ast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
JCorthwest correr cf Twenty-second and Ken.
lucky streeu: open until 9 p. m.
STOP FUimore street; open until 9 p. m.
mi:i:tinu notices.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Cotnmandery . ¦*»_
No. l«i. K. T.. 625 Rutter Ft —Special XSfe
assembly THIS EVENING at -7:30 ES
o'clock. Ordtr of Red Cross. All Ira- W
ters are courteously invited. By or-
der of the commander.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL Lodpe No. 22, F. and A. O
M.— THIS (SATURDAY) AFTER- W
NOON, at 2 o'clock, eecend degree, /V\
and in the evening, at T:30 o'clock,
third degree. Matter Masons cordially in-
vited. By order of the matter.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 12O. F. and A. B
M. — Funeral notice: Officers and >fy
memben are requested to be present /\r\
at 6:30 a. m.. SUNDAY, the 24th
Inst., at Masonic Temple, for the purpose
of conducting the funeral ceremonies of our
late brother. JACOB M. EPSTEIN, late a
meirber of Hornellsville Lodge No 331 Hor-
>ipllsvllle. New York, thence to Hills of
Kternlty Cemetery by 11 :3l> o'clock train
lun^ral committees will please take notice'
By order of the W. M.
m FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. -«*««*>
r. 1. O. O. F.— Regular meeting eSSSsfe.
THIS «ATt;RDAY> EVENING
First degree.
t WM. B. CURTIS. P. M.
6T. ANDREW'S Society— The annual v ry.
picnic will be held at Fairfax Park 3*. MiJ7
. «n SATURDAY. May 7. Tickets 'vVC$if
can be procured from members. V^^k
Adults, jOc; children. 25c.
P. L. DUNN, President.
J. BLACK. Secretary.
THE Austrian Military and Benfvolent , -.ife.,-
AseciTiatlon will hold th-ir twenty- j£$C^3
Blxth itnnu;.] excursion find picnic iit Nt'lr* 5
Oak I'aik. Stockton. SUNDAY. May •^tjdt'-J
I, I!»u4. The Committe* deslrc-s to state mat
this will be one of the best excursions «w r
helij by this association. A tombola of over
1C0 prizes will be given at the grounds at 6
I>. m., t-harp. Music will be furnished by
the famouf Austrian Military Band. The
association will leave on the S:30 boat, Santa
Fe depot, foot of Market Et.; ticket* also good
on the 7:30 boat. Adult round trip tickets,
$1 25; children under 12 years, C5c.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to tnlne by hydraulic pro-
cess from Sidney G. Sturman in Gravel Hill
tnlne. near Georgetown. El Dorado County,
*"al., draining Into Jones Creek, which
reaches Middle Fork. American River, and
from J-'yndlcate Minins Company in Kvndi-
cate mine, near Plarervllle, El Dorado Coun-
ty. Cal.. draining Into Hangtown Creek,
which reaches South Fork. American River
Uives notice that meeting will be held at
riKjra Dti i-nood building, San Francisco. Cal
May S. 1004, at 1:30 p. m.
NOTICE of annual meeting of Mercantile Trust
• Company of Ean Francisco— The regular an-
nual meeting of the Stockholders cf th«
Mercantile Trust Company of San Francisco
will be held on WEDNESDAY, April 27
1004, at 12 o'clock noon, at the office of
the company. <G4 California street. Ean
Francleeo, California, for the purpose of
rtectlnir a Board of Directors to «erve for the
tcj w year, end for the transaction of such
ether business as majr come before the meet-
icc.
Transfer books will close on Saturday
Arm 10. I9O4. at 12 o'clock noon
ADrl! 11. 1904.
, JOHN D. McKEE. Secretary.
THE ennual meeting of the shareholders cf
the t=an Francisco Gas and Electric Com-
pany for the election of directors and the
transaction of etich other business aa mar
come before It will be held at the office of
the company. 415 Port »t-. In the city of Ban
Kranclnco, Cal., at 1 :30 o'clock p. m Anril
M. 1904 The transfer books of the com-
I*ny will be closed from April 16 to and in-
cluding April 26. 1904.
<6irne<J> ' CHAS. L. BARRETT, -ec
» Daixl San Francisco. April 12. J»04.
ANNUAL MEETING— The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the El Rico Mining Com-
pany will be held on MONDAY, the 2d day
of May. 15*04. «t thp hour of 2 o'clock in the
afternoon, at the offices cf the «aid company
?29 Crocker building, city and county of s^n
Francisco. Rtate of California S. D WOODS
tVoretary. Hated April 18. l!>04.
WEITHTO.
HAVING recently acquired througiT^xehanire
cf property Ihree $40 scholarships In the best
College cr Adt-ertislng In the United States
"I will sell them at 25 per cent discount for
cash: the college teaches advertising writ-
Ing l>y correspondence and assists its' grad-
uate* to secure positions; catalogues fur-
wlgb»«l rm prmllratlon. Afldrw box :<02fl. Call.
»i:tumobilk8. '
BECOND-HAND automobiles In flrst -clas*
ffh*p» for eale cheap. Inquire at 20 Golden
Oaie ave.: phone Howard 871. .
ATTOR.MCYS-AT-L.AW.'
"-—— -^ADVICE FREE — — ~
Columbian Law & Coll. Agcy.. r. S3, SIS
Market; Dbone John 622C: open evenings;
transacts at most reaaonhble rates all legit-
imate law business; bonds furnished In crlm-
tnrl and civil caaca; small collections taken.
• ADVICE free, divorces, all law cases, cosU ad-
vanced. S19 Market gt.. room 81.
CXVOnCK — Coats. $12: quick, qalet; advice ,
free; open evenlnca. 827 Market st., na. 301.
ATTORXEV-AT-LAW — Continue*^
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for small fee.
Eee me and save money: no pay In advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
KnaMlthed 22 yrs.; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market st.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg.,
Cth floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years: all i-se«. general court and office prac-
tice; no fee In advance or for consultation;
»v*ning«« by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
DIVORCE cheap, speedily, quietly: call on ua
•ere grolng elsewhere. Phone James. C221;
room 41, 91C Market st., opposite Emporium.
Divoncn law a specialty; no publicity; advice
free; costs $12. Address B.A.S.. P.O.box 219H.
L. S. CLARK, 927 Market st.; consultation
fr»*: no fees In advance: open evening".
BASKETS.
GET your basket trunks at the factory, 341C
17th at., near Valencia, at factory prices.
BASKETS made of every description. Friedl
Bazaar and Basket Factory. 1272 Folsom gt.
BC SI MISS CHAXCES^
A— isfiOoTcORNER grocery and bar. on Powell
•t-; 9 years' lease; rent $40; business estab.
years and first-class paying; value in eight.
Call R. G. WILKE^2«H Kearny st.
A — $5000; THIS leading saloon In manufacturing
town of aVout 6000 Inhabitants; 5 years'
lease; rent fsO; full value in sight; flrst-class
paying business; about -o miles from S. F.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26Ja Kearny st;
A— $2200; DAIRT produce and delicatessen
•tore; established years; rent $55; monthly
tales about $1500; a first-class paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $750; CIGAR stand on Market St.; rent $C6;
one of the best-located stands and a business
. where fullest Investigation la solicited; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A — $S0O0; CORNER grocery and bar with 5
years' leafe; rent $75; 2 horses; 2 wagons;
average cash store trade $2500 per month;
dally bar receipts $25; full value in eight;
location the best In the city. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26«4 Kearny fct. _j
A — $450; PLUMBING and gasflttlng shop on
Fillmore et. ; rent $26; owners must sell at
once a* they are engaged in another bust-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kearny st.
A — $3000; GROCERY store; established many
years and dolncr a large cash bufint-ss:
located close to Market and Sixth sts. ; a
rood paying business; Investigate and you
rind a very rare business opening. Call R.
G. WILKE, 2<>\i Kearny kt.
L A — $7f>0: SALOON on Montgomery St.; place
established years; owner clearing about $125
per month: Investigate: a bargain. Call R.
G. WILKE. 2614 Kearny st.
A — 53000; CORNER ealoon; close :o Call bldg.;
3 years' lease; net rent $120; this Is one of
the best saloon locations In this city, and
a live man can clear $500 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 20^ -Kearny st.
A— $1300; CORNER cigar stand on Kearny:
rent (85; lease; a good business; come and
Investigate. R. G. WILKE. 2t$V4 Kearny st.
A — $1100; SALOON, with 3 rooms; close to
Kearny and Bush ets. ; rent $75; lease; place
• easily clears $200 per month; nice fixtures,
cholcert etock of liquors. All particulars of
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $650; CORNER bakery, with 4 living
rooms; about 2 blocks north of Market St.;
will be sacrificed if sold at once: owners to
leave city. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
A — ?750; CANDY store and Icecream parlors,
with stationery, etc, on Devisadero St.; 3
living rooms; a splendid location and good
, business. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $1200; COFFEE ealoon and bakery in
cho:ceet location; rent 'SO; dally receipt e
about $70; a good business, but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 2t>% Kearny st.
A CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1030
3 Eddy fct.. cor Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $ ICOO
i'andy and Icecream parlors $200 to $2500
Barber chops $500 to $2500
Cigar stands $350 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloons $300 to $10,000
Restaurants , $350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $1000
Drug etcres $2OC0 to $8000
Delicatessen stores $250 to $45Oi>
Wcod and coal yards $250 to $1000
A FIRST-CLASS opportunity for druggist or
doctor; fine location for drugstore; good fix-
tures, counters and showcase; rent only $iK);
business already established; with C rooms
and bath in rear; elegantly furnished
throughout; everything complete for house-
keeping of the best quality; price $l(>oo
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy «t.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mines; flne prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trad*
for rmg. -house or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer re.icrt; flne
groves; 3fi-room hotel: ail furnished and
t-quipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease: raise own hay. vecetables: all
kinds of fruit; rent $500 per year: equity i.i
this $2500; death in family cause of sale
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants in city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day: will
btar investigation; price $1500. CAMERON*
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR pale — Ladles' furnishing and fancy goods
business; cheap rent; well located: estao-
lifhed 12 years; will Invoice $S0OU; sickness.
FOR sale — Bakery and delicacy store- rent $20-
r. living rooms; established 8 years- must
mZZ. c: l y i- prfce to close *" M - CAMERON
* CO.. 3 Eddy st.
A SNAP FOR CASH.
Only drug rtore In railroad town in bay
county; decease of owner necessitates a
quick sale for cash; stock gauranteed to be
Al an to salabllity, Rood condition and selec-
tion: health resorts surround town; fine open-
lng for good surgeon. Box 1417. Call efflce.
ATTENTION! ~
THE Ran Francisco Rent and Real Estate
Company has opened efflce for business and
have for Bale at a great bargain hotel on
Market St.. 114 rooms, netting $800 per month
See owner at room 212, 997 Market st.
$250 SECURES Interest in light office work
whereby party can easily clear *»0 monthly-
references exchanged: experience not neces-
sary; live man wanted: bona fide proposition
Particulars 1007^ Market et.. room 1.
ELEGANTLY fltted~c7Kar stand; only one on
prominent tranrfer corner, front of beautiful
saloon, open all night; will sell for Invoice
prtc\ less than $350. Inquire afternoons.
$35WV— SHOE store: flne stock; best location-
will guarantee $SO0 trade per month: Illness
cause for eale. D. L. JUNGCK. 2111 Shat-
_tuckjive., Berkeley, Cal.
$1250 WILL buy a block of stock in a well es-
tablished local business of 30 years' standing-
BC-X a X C^ r offlc n e t . annUaUy ° n """W
$225— A bargain If taken at once; news stand
confectionery, stationery and school supplies';
stock new and clean; all lines complete; good
location. 2809 California st.; no agents.
BOOKS, stationery. etc7T$750O etockln"inoun"-
tain city; genuine bargain to cash buyer. See
manager. 10 to 11 a. m.. at Cunningham.
Cnrtjpg & Welch; no brokers.
FOR SALE— A small hotel. furnished, on
Beach Hill. Santa Cruz; also furnished cot-
tare for rent. Address "J. S.." CS Wash-
ington Ft.
W £ NTED ~~ To Iwi * e ¦ hotel: country preferred.
Box 4143. Call office.
BAKERY for sale In a good country town, on
account of sickness; $200 to $300. Inquire
40S McAllister st.
WANTED — A tide line for southern mines and
Southern California; liquors preferred. Box
J415. Call office. «"
BAKERY at a bargain If sold this week; sick-
ness cause of selling: baking 10 barrels a
w«*-k; rent 835. I7C Second st.
51S-5O— GROCERY and bar: horse and wagon
nnd livtrg rooms attached; in Western AddJ-
tlon; for gale. Box 30SO. Call office.
WANTED— A general merchandise store in a
small town In California: mining town pre-
ferred. Box 3013. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a hay and crain businesi
either whole or half Interest. Address, with
particulars., box 3578. Call office.
$1000— DELICACY store; average receipts over
$22 00 per cUiy; best location In city. Box
4U>3. Call office. . ,
FOR sale cheap — Bakery and restaurant;
must be cold. Call at 782 Mission st.
$175 — FINE comer dear stand; fine stock;
good trade; see owner. 118 Third st.
$250 BUYS half Interest In massage parlor;
?ell all If required. 704 Larkin st.
$525— ESTABLISHED: money back if not sat-
isfactory; Investigate. 610 Tele. av.. Oakland.
$250— NICE little restaurant: making money-
owner has to leave. Box 1389, . Call.
WANTED — To buy candy store; give price and
full particulars. Address box 1491, Call. '
_JBCSI\ESS cnAXCES— -Contlnned.
/.— STRANGERsl~ATTENTION •
Are you looking for a safe and profitable
business opening In San Francisco? If »o,
we can offer you any number requiring an
investment Irom $100 to $50,000; every busi-
ness opportunity that passes through our of-
fice mutt stand the closest investigation, and
we can place you In a store, factory, hotel,
mill, office, or, in fact, any business you
may prefer.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market at.
A— BANK AND COMMERCIAL references.
GERMANIA IJ.'VEST. CO., U27 Market et.
• A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can invest $500 In a !
"high-class real estate office and fill position
of cashier; experience' not necessary; invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA. INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— WE WILL FURNISH YOU A BOND.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market »C
A— SHIPPING AND TRANSPORTATION.
A business man who can invest $5000 cash,
¦with services, can secure good opening with
high-class company In thla cltf .
OERMANIA INVEST. CO.. V27 Market »t.
A— WE CAN FURNISH YOU A PARTNER.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market «t.
A— HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; 80 rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing-room with tables and imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buy
throughout: finest linen and best silver ser-
vice; 10 years' lease; $10,000; easy terms. "
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market «t.
A— WE CAN SELL YOUR STOCK.'
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market »t
A— $100 REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof showing that
any person ever Io6t a dollar who Invested
any money in or through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY,
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock.v $50,000.
927 Market st.. rooms 321, 322, 323. 324.
A — ONLY HIGH-CLASS INVESTMENTS.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
On investments of $100 and upward; no •'get-
rich-quick" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a renutable business estab. 3 years in S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Marke^ et-
A — WE refer to 10.000 successful clients.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secure Interest and
office of treasurer in an incorporated realty
and investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured; highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. »27 Market st.
A— WE CAN SELL, YOUR BUSINESS.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION!
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If bo. we. car-
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who wi'.l invert from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large nuinber of desirable applicants
on our books seelmiK good business openings.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 327 Market st.
A — Larpest brokerage company on Pacific Coast
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market sU
A— THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of cold stock of the Norton Bay
Co.. $25: will be worth $200 by August. 19O4.
GECMAMA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market at.
SALOON — Good business; established 30 years;
price cheap; investigate this. 330 Main st. •
GERMAN or American partner with $1000;
mig. business; $200 month. Box 1351, Call.
A GOOD investment for man or woman. Per-
fume Palace. 775 Market st.
WANTED — A delicatessen store; well estab-
lished. Box 4247. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a dairy with pasture and
stock; give full particulars. Box 4131, Call.
WANTED — Good carpenter as partner; plenty
work 3373 Eighteenth st
$300 — FLORIST store: estab. 5 years: rent $1S;
2 living rooms; good location. Box 1409. Call.
DELICATESSEN and restaurant; 'flrst-class
location. Apply 414 Jones st. " -
FOR eale — Grocery and bar; $1100; good loca-
tlon. Box 1733. Call.
LODGI.NG-HOIJSES FOR SALE. .
A. CAMERON* & CO. PhonV South 1060.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and PowelL
Headquarters for Roomlng-Housee, Hotels and
AH Kinds of Business Chances.
103 rooms: cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished: up-to-date rooming-house; has flne
bar. can b« run in conjunction If desired: rare
chance for riuht :>artles; part cash, balance
can be paid out of the house: other business In-
terests derr.and Immediate departure.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room: new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator.
llKhts; long lease clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys In the city.
19 renms: ront only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
14 rooms; n-nt only $60; oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $850.
3C rooms; rent $3 f.O per room; flrst-clajm ;
downtown location; lone lease: thoroughly
renovated and put in best condition; guaran-
teed to clear over ?200 per month: fine oppor-
tunity for good Investment; price $2500.
20 rooms; cheap rent; close in; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
30 rooms; rent only $150: oak and cherry
fur.; fine carpets; close in; flne money-maker.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; 5- year contracts
jor cheap lighting; grand new building: clear-
ing $400 to $000 per month: obliged to leave
11 rooms; rent $40; close In: oak, cherry fur-
niture Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all
expenses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
40 roome; elegantly furnished; rent only 8250;
cak and mahoeany furniture: 60 boarders;
clearing $250 per month; close in; flne buy:
price $0000.
9 rooms: sunny flat; rent $50; oak. mahog-
any tur.; obliged to leave city; reduced to $650.
,l28 rooms: elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
7HII1; doing fine business; will trade for; large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpet?; sickness; price $350.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house In San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 per month; 6-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
18 roomr; rent $S5; north Market; close in;
«°<™ money-maker; reduced from $1BOO to
#1100.
90 room*: part offices: elegant new building
and furniture, high-class location: beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill in
connection; best proposition In city; called
iSftRs
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; flne proposition;
gcod -lease.
128 rooms: cheap rent; long lease; flrst-
clats up-to-date downtown house; well fur-
nished; clearlnc $500 to $«00 per month; must
sell on account of other business; only with us.
•S rooms: flne upper flat; rent only $30; can
b* r *>»d by paying $150 down, balance time;
J4o0.
120 rooms; flne downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances-
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
. 21 rooms; corner:- rent only $85; oak fur •
good carpets, housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
$1COO.
KO rooms; new; modern apartment-house; 10-
year-lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300:
very central; first-class proposition.
J7 rooms; Kills ft.; rent $70;" oai furniture,
Axmlnster carpets; fine condition; clears $80*
flne little buy. /
, 150- rooms; beautiful' corner: 3 and 4 room
apartments: irrand marine view; new and mod-
ern throughout: most elegantly furnished house
In city; call for terms and particulars.
flO rooms; cheap rent; new '. and beautifully
furnished; modern building; close - in;' full of
nice people; 'A cash, balance low interest.
75 rooms: grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheaD rent: 10 years' lease; -close in;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance
8 per cent per annum; departure. ' . : -
33 rooms: cheap. rent; good lease; beautifully
furnished; new modern building; .very central*
all full; little gem of a house; leaving city.
180 • rooms; • grand . new - modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent: flne lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close in; full nice people; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
138 rooms; downtown commercial hotel; 8
years' • lease; ¦ cheap rent; r elegantly furnished;
one of ' the - best opportunities . to ¦- secure flrst-
clacs hotel; owner has other ' business; ' part
cafch, balance time.
nnnn dp iari p ¦¦¦¦r^- : _\ ; -P > '-A' ; Pifl---iS'--ttPi i: P'
MAY BE HAD FOR
¦i THE ASKING
FREE TO WANT ADVERTISERS FREE
¦ ¦¦¦ ' -¦:-¦¦¦¦ IN NEXT SUNDAY'S C A LL
Walker's Self -Pulling Corkscrews
Seel You don't have to' '* miiimircv.ivv--vmTOmtf'i» ¦..ni ~ ' '¦- ¦'
PATENTED. f^^
Wf removes all kinds of stoppers and / aaj U)r **
f» CUTS THE WIRES. / — VV^
FJfl TURN THE SCREW UNTIL CORK IS OUT. ' /
I HI NO PULLING REQUIRED. X. V
•'»*¦ . , SUPERIOR QUALITY. V '^S
Removing Aluminum Stopper. \ TESTED AND "WARRANTED. /
¦ . . ¦ • ¦ . - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of th« San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night In the year. .
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
. ; 300 Hayea street; open until 9:30 p. m. •
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
616 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m. . .
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. ra.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until * p. ra.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
' , . 2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m. • :
* > * ' OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway .' Telephone Main 1081
BERKELEY OFFICE:
', ,. ; 2148 Center Street Telephone North T7
ALAMEDA OFFICE: . .
Schneider's Book Store. Park StreetTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALLVs SATURDAY,'- APRIL. 23,' 1904.
13
Address
REAL ESTATE — CITY'— FOR SAMS.
TV. J. GUNN. . «- /
530 CALIFORNIA. STREET.
S* (Savlr.ts Union Building.)
LOTS NORTH OF THE PAP.K.
$945— 7th ave., 25x120. -
$945— Sth ave., 25x120.
$3250— 7th ave., corner, 57:6x100.
$3i«X) — ICth ave.. corner. .57:6x100.
$1CCO— B st.. 23x100. 1
$18C0— Lake St., corner. 32:6x100.
$1600— «th ave.. near Lake. 25x120. • "
\ $473 each— 22d ave., near Point Lobes ave.:.
2 lots.- 25x120.
.$250— 27th ave.. 25x120.
$375— California «t.. 25x100. .
$4000 — Clement and 12th ave.,NE cor.; 50x120.
$60C0 — Clement and 11th ave..SW cor.; 75xl"0,
JiS30— Clement st. cor.; 32:CxlC0; NE. cor.
$50C0— Clement St.; NE. business 'corner;
-' 32:6x100.
$1100 each — 11th ave., near Clement; 2 lots,
. 25x120. i - -
$3750 — Clement, best side of street; 3 business.
lots, 78x115; a fine piece to Improve,
f 10,000 — Webster-st. corner; 110x100; cheap. »
$21CO — Webster st. corner; 25jc10O. " '
$2B00— Steiner st; corner, 50x100..
W. J. GUNN. - -
630 CALIFORNIA STREET.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
AtAMEPA REAL ESTATE.
$5250— A RARE bargain; chance of a life-
time: two beautiful up-to-date modern . 6-
room flats on • Clinton ave.; bay frontage;,
beautiful marine view; elegant surf, bathing;
bathhouses, etc.; this Is a rare chance; don't
overlook It. HAMMOND & HAMMOND. 1422
Park st.' - . • - " ¦ '
ALAMEDA HOUSES [TO LET. ¦
FURNISHED house to let,. 6 rooms and bath;
modern; large, beautiful grounds; handy to
station. 025 Santa Clara, ave. - - ¦
— "^^ "^ ™^^ m^™^^¦^¦^^^——^
BEHKELEY ADVEET'S»M'NT3
BERKELET REAL ESTATE.
THE GREATEST SNAP IN BERKELEY.
$2500 — Easy terms; a nearly new 2-story colo-
nial house, ! containing 8 targe rooms, viz : 2 re-
ception rooms, dining-room with mantel and fire-
place, kitchen, pantry. 4 bedrooms, bath, pat- .
ent toilet; stationary tubs on back porch; city
water; gas fittings throughout; high lot. slza
60x135, fenced; street work done and cement
steps and walk to back porch; 8 minute*' walk
from Ashby station. Sol* agent, H. D. Ift-
WIN. Lorin R. R. *tatlon. Berkeley. - -.'
A SNAPt
$2100 only, for a fine 6-room cotta<« 'ln-
Berkeley; good location; street work dona; good
reason for selling. P. C. LASSEN A CO.. 466
Tenth st.. Oakland. Cal.
£. BEgggEET JgOTIXa.
HOTEL BERKELEY REOPENS— This elegant-
ly appointed house Is now under a new and
experienced management. The service is first
class, the accommodations homelike, the treat-
ment of guests courteous, the rate* low. The
hotel is situated en Dwlght way. one block,
west of the Dwlght way station, and la there- -
fore convenient to both the Key route and S.
P. ferry systems. Rates, per day, transient,
are from $2 to $3. and per month are $30 to
$50, according to apartments. Banquets and
wedding dinners will be served jn short no-
tice in the"most fashionable zf.X delightful
manner. All interested In tnts announce-
ment are Invited to call at the house and in-
spect It. Any further information desired
will be promptly given. Tel. Dana 136.
— — — — — ¦* — — — •— ™— * *— »^— — —^
FBUITVALE ADV'BT'S'M'NTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
Valentine G. Hush, Pt. Stephen R. Thoxne. Sec
First National Bank, Treas.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANT,
INCORPORATED IN 1S8».
312 BUSH ST., SAN FRANCISCO^
/ '" REAL ESTATHt" ; : {4V ,- ;
MONEY TO LOAN.
1 - BRANCH OFFICE, FRUITVALB. -.'I'.':
$1400. ~^ .
This is a nice three-room cottage, with
floor In basement, convenient to street cars
and broad-gauge train -to city; let us show
this to you. ' . • '
$2250.
Here is a fine - house near broad-gauge
train, five - rooms, cove ¦ ceilings and open
plumbing; easy terms. - Call and look at
this before buying.
$2100.
New flve-room house with all modern Im-
provements, four blocks from local; corner
lot. See us about It
$2250. ~- *
New 6-room house two blocks from broad-
gauge local to city, fronting on Putnam st.,
Frultvale. This la offered at less than Its
value; term* can be arranged to suit pur-
chaser. .-.•¦'
300.
More than three hundred lots for sale in
and about Frultvale. Easy terms.
Ranch of 18,500 acres within 100 miles of
San Francisco for sale, all first -class land
suitable for subdivision into small .tracts ;.
railroad station and navigable river oa one
side. Will .stand fullest investigation. - '-
-It represents an apsarent profit of os»
million dollar* to the man who will subdi-
- vide It. For full particulars call or write to
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY,
FRUITVALE STATION. California.
¦-: Telephone Ash B87.
TWO cottages In Frultvale/ 2 blocks from
j station; $1CO down, balance In small monthly
-payments. 324 East Eighth at.. E. Oakland.
OAKLAND AD VEB1ISEMENT3
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR gale — On Fifth ave.; East Oakland, ne-wr
7-roora house, just completed; well Fmilt;
. every modern convenience; choice lot, .'.0x125.
close to street cars; short .walk to station;
-fine view of lake and hills; reasonable price
and terms 1 .'
B. H. WELCH A CO.. r
Fifth ave. and ISth St.. Oakland.
_ - _' ¦ A BARGAIN. '¦ ' ;
$2850— A fine 6-room cottage; large reception
hall;; lot 50x127: •• street work done; not far
from- the Key "route; easy terms. P. C. LAS-
SEN ' A CO.. 466 Tenth »t^ Oakland. Cal.
SNAP— Lot. $165. 25x100. .3 blocks to local:
snap.' $2350, 7-rocm house. SO-foot lot. WM.
P. TODD, 1070 Broadway, Oakland.
<-^55^J°*^ p SES TO LET. , -. . "
ELEOAXT 8-room house, bath, basement,-- at-
tic; stable; large grounds; splendid locality;
easy walk to cars, locals and school; photos
In office;- beautiful place; partly furnished if
' desired, $10; unfurnished, $33, Including nous*
water: references required; It Is a snap. BUT-
TgRS A BUHRINO. 972 Broadway.
FOR rent in East Oakland: modern 8-room
house; good' stable and yard:> high.- gunny
location; near street cars. B. S.- WELCH &
¦ CO.. Fifth ave. and ISth St.. OaJclar.d.
jPAJKLAXD^^R^iTURK i^ FOR SALE.-
TO-MORROW the' day for bargains In .'furni-
ture. II. Schellhaas.llth st..cor.store.Oakland.
¦ . ' ' ¦ .=3
San Francisco Ad yertisem'ts
ROOMS FOR IIOUSEKEEPIXG.
ALL sunny: best In city; 3 or 4 rooms furnlnh-
ed or unfurnished. -ST. CHARLES - APART-
MENTS. 1560 Sacramtnto st.. nr. Larkln.'
CALIFORNIA. 3031-^3 or 5 sunny housekeeping
rooms, ¦ furn. complete; gas range: adultg.
EIGHTEENTH. 3276i. near Howard— 2 sunny
furnished' front housekeeping rooms; adults.
ELLIS. 611 — Nicely '. furnished, sunny j alcove;
light .-. housekeeping: .everything turn.; bath.
FOLSOM, 647— Furnished rooms for housckeep-
>1 ing; • 4 - rooms and bath ; piano. ..'*•"»•
FOLSOM.. 1107.- flat B— For light housekeeping,
:. 'front hall room; private family; gas. - .
FULTON, 233^ — Two connectlnc housekeeping
; rooms; gas range; grate; no- children. . .
FULTON," 5 233— TwoJ cocr.ectingJ houaeKeeuuig
. i rooms; gaa range, giytte; no children.
JESSIE 333— Sunny room, furnished, house-
. ;-ke#plng; gas range; sink;. $2 75 : wegk. >
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments.- i:J4<r-p!aa —
; Sunny, r furnished 3-room »u it e«: ••team neat-*
. ed." electric lighted: f rea batha : rate $30 up.
LFJl VEN WORTH. ¦ 109 — 3 or - 4 sunny house-
¦> keeping 'rooms: parlor floor; rent reasonable.
MARKET. ; 1032—2 ;rooncs . with gas - and coal -
-..stove; $12.gr\^-- ¦'.:".¦-:..-¦' ; ; . ¦-'.... *'¦
MINNA. ; 549 — Large sunny, furnished ! front
V . housekeeping - rooms ; ; aito *lngla room*. . -
' Continued /on Page* Fourteen^
RJBAJLjESTAT^-^C^Y^^yOR SALB.
THOMAS MAGEB & SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
5 MONTGOMERY STREET.
¦ ¦' I ¦'- ' : ' .-• .""""'
) ; :-
i ARTISTIC HOMES.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS — North side. 40x137 V% :
magnificent and unobstructed : marine
' • and land view;- new home, with recep-
. tton hall, reception-room, large dlnlng-
• room. breakfa»t-room, butler's pantry.
kitchen. 5 bedrooms, 2 baths, furnace,
. . . . ' wineroom, billiard-room.' etc. ; complete
;• and elegant In every detail. •¦ ¦ ;"'--^ _J
$19,000.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS— An exceptionally well
built - and V- arranged home, with I fine
marine view; large reception hall, living-
room, dlnlnp-room. den, butler's pantry,
kitchen, 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, large play-
'¦'•¦ -room, Servant's room, darkroom, fur-,
nace, etc. ; I complete, and - thorough In
every respect. 5 .-
, $16,000.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS— North side Washlng-
- . ten ; fin* two-story, attic . and basement
: ":;.t. shingled residence, with 'reception hall,
parlor, dining-room, kitchen, 0 bedrooms,
'i baths, 4 - washstands, . wineroom, btl- !
Hard-room, etc.; this is a fine and ex-
ceedingly comfortable -home.
\ : '-;. $15,000.
CLOSE TO VAN NESS AVENUE- New two-
' story, attic . and - basement residence,
- . having fine . reception . hall, parlor and
¦- dining-room, which can be thrown open
into one; oak floors and stairs; 4 bed-
. : rooms, an especially fine bathroom, 2
rooms for servants; ¦ this house is very
finely arranged and finished In very ex-
cellent taste. < "
$13,000. ¦
PACIFIC HEIGHTS— Fine plastered English
-basement residence, containing 2 recep-
tion halls, large living-room,- fine dining-
room, kitchen, 'butler's pantry. 3 very
artistic bedrooms and one dressing-room
fine bathroom with separate shower, 3
washstands, 2 servants' - rooms in attic ;
this house is on a key lot with a perma-
nent space of 80 feet on the east, giving
light and sun to almost evejy room In
the house! In . a neighborhood that . Is
-. .'being built up very rapidly with -first-
class homes. . y
FINE INCOME PROPERTIES.
$60.COO.
CLOSE TO EDDY AND TAYIOR— Rent* $460
a month, mostly under one lease; good
building.
$50,000. ¦
EDDY-STREET CORNER — Not far from
Leavenworth; rents $250 from* temporary
buildings; a corner on a growing street,
paying 6 per cent now; new building,
soon needed, will pay. fine and steady
income, j . • »
$37,500.
MONTGOMERY - STREET CORNER — Rents
$2S5; almost- a 60 vara.
SCTTER STREET— North side, close to- Polk.
• 60x120; fine site for family hotel; pays
a good return until improvements are
. made.
$17,500.
POST STREET— Close to Larkln: good size
with two frontages; pays $75 -a month
net now; good improvements would net
a handsome return.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS, \ "
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY STREET.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO
638 MARKET ST.
\ AUCTION. .
AUCTION. '
AUCTION.
TUESDAY.... ;APRIL 26, 1904,
At Our 'Salesrooms at 12 -o'clock noon. S
LEAVENWORTH -ST. FLATS.
Nos. 1220-1220A Leavenworth St.. between
Sacramento and Clay; two beautiful flats of
5-6 rooms and baths, renting for $62 50 per
month; lot 25x100.
- BRODERICK-ST. RESIDENCE.
2211 Broderlck st., near Jackson; lot 27:8 Vt.
xll2:6; beautiful 2-story residence, containing
8 rooms and bath; renting for $55 per*month.
JCALIFORNIA-ST. BUILDING LOT.
" North line of California st. ¦ 75 feet west of
Seventeenth ave.; lot 25x100; this lot Is beau-
tifully situated and commands an unsurpassed
marine view; level and ready for building; cars
pass dqor. • - .
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS BUILDING LOT.
Northerly line of Jackson st.. 180 feet west
of Maple; lot 50x120 feet; • this magnificent
property is situated along the Presidio wall and
commands a superb marine view; a delightful
locality for a residence.
GREENWICH-ST. INVESTMENT.
South line of Greenwich st. 248:6 west of
Scott; Nos. 2555-2555H; two- story frame ten-
ement house of 4-5 rooms and bath each; rents
$20 per month; large lot, 79x86 :8H; mortgage
of $1600 v .
DOWN TOWN INVESTMENT.
No. 21 Joyce st., between Powell and Stock-
ton. Pine and California; lot 22x77 feet; 2-
story residence of 7 rooms and bath; perma-
nently rented; this Is a valuable holding.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
No. 1. .
Building lot. easterly line of Douglas* st.,
250 feet south of Twentieth; 50x130 feet.
No. 2.
Building lot. northerly line of Cumberland
St.. 205 feet west of Sanchez; r.OxlU feet.
'-,-. MISSION COTTAGE.
27 Ford st., east of Noe; magnificent cot-
tage of 7 rooms and bath; sun In every room;
would easily rent for $30 per month
DEVISADERO-ST. BUILDING LOT.
Westerly line of Devisadezo st., 84:8 north
of Thirteenth; lot 25:125 feet; this lot being
slttiated so as to command a magnificent view
of the entire city. - ' •
For further particulars apply to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market st.
$1.25 PER WEEK, no Interest. t*ots in the
Excelsior. Homestead Tract-; all level; no
grading to do; ready to build your little homo
on; close to electric cars«and school;- ;
W. J. WHITE,
26 Montgomery st., room 5.
'•-... • ¦ ' ;
THREE fifty- vara lots on Lombard St.. near
Buchanan, -at a- bargain; fine site for fiats;
. back to 35-foot street; 50- vara lot on -Grove
' and'Lott'sts. ; good Investment for builders.
, SELBY., RODGERS A CO., 116 -California.
$100 DOWN and $20 mo.— Cottage. B r. A b..
on Clipper st.; one of 6 r. & b., on Elizabeth.
$2700— Cottage. 8 r. & b.. In West Park st.
$2750— Cottage. 5 - r. and b. :'• 12 Day st. .
D." COFFIN & CO., 3303 Mission St.
j . 1 :
52 ACRES in hay; 1% miles from . Esparto.
Yolo Co.; cash or, exchange lot S. F. or Oak-
land; value $2000. S. H. TAKR, Parrott blJsr.
JUST completed— 2 6-room, 2-story, houses. 4377
Seventeenth st. ; Castro " or 18th cars; $500
' down, $35 1 mo. See MOISE, 320 Sansome st.
BUILD your unimproved realty: : we ' loan full
cost improv. and part lot at 6%. -MANHAT-
- TAN SAVINGS BANK. Crocker building.; -
ALL work guaranteed ' first class " by ALH-
: BACH A MAYER. Plumbers/ 836 Howard »t
A BRANCH office of .The Call for the reception
.of advertisements and subscriptions has been
. . cpened ¦ at . 1008 > Market st., - opposite r Fifth.
Open until 11 p.m. .' —-... — .. . '.
> REAL ESTATE— Conntry— For Sale.
GREAT Ibargain — Rich," irrigated farms; big;
"canal; free -water r right: very cheap; easy
¦ term*; homeseeker'* opportunity. CM I
WOOSTER CO., 648. Market St..
1400 'ACRES at! $8 60 'per'.acre;* tonly 00 miles
.from,S*n Francisco; to 'close 'iip an estate;
see owner dally at 12:30. RICHARD KEAT-
! INGE,' 303 Jessie St.. San Francisco.. - .•
ALFALFA" lands, stock ranches.", orchards,
, vineyards; inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
- Market bU, : _. . : ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ ' ~ .-., ¦-, •
; point .richmond .) real:. estate.'
""^ f actor y^or^ : 1var"e1house siteT :"
i'J; 1H\ acres. • fronting on rights 'of "way 'of both
Southern ? Pacific and Santa- Fe ; railroads;" ex-
ceptional;, facilities ' for /- shipping over '<¦: both
roads;'-' elevated , : and well 'drained.' '.Cheapest
land • having ' same - advantages ' on the ' market.
"See \ J/i H. > M ACDON ALD A CO., : 1053 s Broad-
way; ~ Oakland. - ;-•- :-- ;>^.-t-.-^— . -•.•:¦•:. :-.
: FOR ¦ sale — Two • fine \ business ; corners on - Mc->
: > Donald i ave. : < cash .or. terms. > J." ' L.' - DURI-
i '- VAQE. 1566 Fell st. :; Dfione ; Paee^ 4253.
MEDICAL— -Con tinned.
ALWAYS be advised and treated by a grad-
,uate physician; positively the only one here
capable and willing, to restore you to happi-
ness; relief for Irregularities; ; help for un-
fortunate, ladies; If in trouble consult i' him
without cost or fee; call or write; confiden-
tial. DR. R. H. WESTON, 305 Kearny st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
. in trouble consult -this specialist .on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated; ,
advice free. Office, - 1018 . Market st. ¦ ¦
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
¦ guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 820 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; • Instant re-
' lief guaranteed. 1008«V Market St.. opp. 5th.
j MATERNITY Villa — Secluded; confidential;
destitute free; Infants to adopt; good homes.
| DR. EMILIE FUNKE, 1416 8th. Alameda.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; : low fees.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
in. obstetrics, female, complaints: lnst.* relief ;
. treatment $10; hours. 10 to 8; 25 yra. ' exper.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of-
premises, is permanently located * at 511 A
Leavenworth St., bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom ' St., ' corner
• 2t3th; ladles, relief or no fee: $10.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. NG, TOY KEE. ' 310- Powell St., opposite
Union square: all disease* cured by herbs.
MIXES AND MIXING -
FOR Fale— North of Montestuma and Thavilia
mines, SO acres of patented land; 2 compart-
ment shaft down 40 feet; over 12-foortWge;
4 feet in pay rock; all that Is needed Is a
hoist; A. R. E. line 100 yard* from shaft for
power. For particulars . address C. EVANS.
. El Dorado, Cal. -
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE. ~~
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand ; machfneryr~McIN-
TOSH.& WOLPMAN, 195-187 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAKT
Repair it with elaterite; In rolls easy, to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good. over old
iron tin or shingles; best for new roofs. '
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, bollera^ pumps,
pulleys, chaf ting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; eee Sunday papers.
H. 8. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale st.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof -Paint; guaranteed
to stop all leaks In the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front St.; tel; Main 1428. _
A — FINE suits, $7 60: dress pants, $2 50. Orlg-
inal Mifcfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny St.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m... Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe * shafting. - pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st. '
ALTERATION sale—Best i $2 50 ; hats, $1 00.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny St., near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and '$1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay I express
charges. 11 3d at.. Exam. bid. ;' catalog free.
REFRIGERATORS and cooling i room's built
economically and effectively. . 1511 10th av«. j
IMPROVED Wood printing presses, gasollnei
engines. Boyer Machine Works, 46 Spear Btf
ROUND camping tents for jale; cheap; some
new; 16x16. 319 Third Et.; tel. Main 413.
FANCY pigeons; new imported varieties; send
for list. C. WILSON. 22S Stevenson st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriter*; all
maker. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHO.V
TENT & AWNING CO.,35 Mrkt.Tel.Bush 853
i BOOKS bought; libraries purchased. King's
Old Bookstore. 01' McAllister st.
STEEL lined safe. 1800 pounds. $125. RICH-'
ARDSON BROS., 1816 Market St.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. UARIN, 803 Hayward bldg.
GASOLINE engines bought, cold, exchanged,
repaired. Sykes-Corson Co.. 254 Beale st.
SAFES* and canh registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN.' 1329 Market st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p..*cheap.'*E.-B. Beck A Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap; Chlcagoes, Twentieth
Centuries, Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 933 Market
SAFES— New and second-hand. . THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains.. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post »t. ¦• ,
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. ¦-"' - " _
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
all sices. J. E. DOAK, 48 Fremont st.
MISCKLLAXEOUS WANTS.
CALIFORNIA Houeewrecker Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will remove
the largest building In 10 days. Office. and
yard N. W. corner Mission and Tenth sts.
MORRIS' gives highest prices for ladles' and
gents' castofC clothing; postal. 943 Folsom.
SHOES wanted: mloflt A castoff; highest prcs.;
new & -M-hand shoes for sale. 749 Mission.
MONEY ' TO LOAN.
• 001-602-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments. 1
' Save expenses by dealing directly. '.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
est*; assignments of rents; property in tnut,
etc.; legacies,- life estates and undivided in-
terests ¦ in property purchased. ¦
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money . -.
Bee HERMAN MURPHY. ¦
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
.INTEREST S\i AND 6 PER. CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on city, Oakland, town
and country real estate.' •>
Second mortgages, estates In probate, undi-
vided interest* ' in real estate, property ia
trust: loan* closed promptly. . -•
¦ MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK,
107-8-0 CROCKER BUILDING.
POST. AND MARKET STS.
WILL LOAN ~ ~~
A reasonable amount on
• . . 1st." 2d . or, 3d >
Mortgage, on real estate or * . ' "
'Chattels. In city, town
or country. :. .
.' Low rate , of interest. ' ;. i-
Glve full, particulars *
1 of property or chattels. \ j
-. Box 408. Call office. :
A. A. DO YOU NEED MONEY? ? ?
Loans on furniture and pianos without re-
moval; Icwest rates and easiest plan In city;
don't hesitate to call; Information cheerfully :
given; no publicity: reliable and square deal-
ing-. ' PEOPLE'S TRUST CO.:
625 MARKET8T.,ROOM > 462. PARROTT Bldg
BALARY LOANS- 1 - "
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg!
THE United Loan" and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
¦t. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent -per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 4S4."3\ ; , ; ;, " •
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealsktus
' and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protect-
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton :phone Bush 484.
AT lowesfrates on i furniture 'and pianos; strict
I prjvacy;no commleslon installments accepted
BONELLI, 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
MONEY, loaned to salaried people, , retail mer-
¦ chants, teamsters, > boarding-houses.-- without
security; easy payment*; large business - In
40 principal ¦ cities. ¦ ' Tolman, 653 Parrott | bid.
ANY amount, quickly , on ; furniture or piano,
without removal or: other security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.." 68 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
THElUnlted Loan and Trust'Co.: 21' Stockton
?t. (upstairs). . loans money on diamonds, Jew-
elry, and -valuable* at 2 per cent per month;
¦ . absolute privacy. ¦ Phone Bush 484. - . - -
HIGHLY respectable private '¦* place tor obtain
. 'liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at 2
per cent- Interest. -Baldwin Jewelry * Store,
846 Market ; ¦ tal. > Main 1044. Branch, 19 Third.
1 PER cent on-furnlture or. pianos; no removal;
no commission;.' no publicity; $25 up; quick,.
: quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.,'rm. 7.' :
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,'-
diamonds; pearls and precious stones bought
mC XV. J. : HESTHAL'8, 10 ¦ Sixth st/; 7 :, -.
STAR Loan-Co- "of loans money to
salaried employes. i.R. '311, -Mutual SaV*Bk.
bid. ; ; Oakland office. '¦ 1103V4 -Brdwy.; suite 1-2.
" ¦ '. ¦¦ "'¦ ¦¦¦--¦ .<:--•¦: v* ' ¦¦.-:-»^ (t >-«-.« J -.-..-,- ¦
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. , 103 Grant ave.
» .- -, LOANS' FROM, fU TO $10.000.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
- mo." S. ,F.~ Collateral' Loan. Bank. 538 Kearny.:
3 % ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal;
>">¦"»¦ v - TRKMAIN.; room 81. O'Eddy *t. '
I HELP WAKTBD MALE: Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN A CO., Employment Office.
423 Bush Et 642 Clay st.
FOR NEVADA.
• Free fara If remain four months.
Teamsters, laborers, rockmen $2. $2 50
FOR ELECTRIC RAILROAD.
Teamster*, laborers $1 70
PLANING MILL COUNTRY. ,
Stickers, planing men, bench hands, mold-
er? , see party here.. ..Union wages
I ButtermaJcer and milker; party here.... $35
Butcher, $35; man for slaughter-house,
country $20
Farmer?. $3t>; man about, place. $30; 8
teamsters . .' $2 day
R. R. blacksmith..."...:. . ...$3 day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.'
Cock. city boarding-house, $60: 2d cook,
country hotel, one who can do pastry on a
range. $50; ; Portuguese porter. $25 - found;
laundryman. institution, city. $40 found.
C. R. HAXEEN & CO., Employment Office.
420 Bush st .....042 Clay st.
A — WANTED — An experienced ?man of busi-
ness ability. for large wholesale house; must,
be a good correspondent and office man; ex-
perienced In handling salesmen and brokers;
steady position to the right man; $125 month
to start. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush St.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade; the latest and moat Improved
method of teaching; the only incorporated
barber school with branches In the leading
cities on the coast. For . particulars, call or
address the Western College of Barber*. 647
Commercial st.. San Francisco, or 200%
South Broadway, rocm 20, Los Angeles.
TRY cur men'* shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 pair: foot-form shoes *t $2 50; we nay
exprers or mail charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.
FIRBT-CLASS bricklayers and terra cotta
. tetters. Fairmont Hotel. . •
LABOR debts collected; suits, . attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy., r. 415.
BARBER shop; $250; down town. Address
box 1369. Call.
» 1 — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale at a bar-
sain. 252 Ellis sr '. '.'.u
COATMAKER or bushelman ' for country. Ap-
ply REISS BROS. A CO.. 24 Sntter St.
WANTED — Pallors for Australia; fishing and
lflar.de. LANE. D04 Davis Bt.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; wages
while learning. 741A Howard et.
YOUNG men, 1 sailors, blacksmiths, carpenters,
green hands, for ships. Herman's, 27 Steuart.
Pension Atty., E. A. Bullis, r. 40, Phelan bldg.
- Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESrEJl Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free "bus and baggage to and from. ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened fct 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
¦
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. StS3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. fiC3 Mission et. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HEI.P WAITTEP — SOIiICITOBS.
SOLICITOR wanted to sell a good: poison oak
and Tata's dandruff cure. Apply ¦ after 0
p. m.. SCO Hayes st.
HORSES AJTD WAGONS.
FOR sale — A bargain; one high wheel, rubber-
tired buggy, shafts, pole, and double set har-
ness to match; has been used only 4 times;
cost $320; will be sold for cne-half; can be
st-en at Ed Freund's, 806 Isabella st:. Oak-
land, Cal. WILLIAM BARTLETT, Crock-
ett, Cal.
AUCTION sale of horses even' Wednesday at
11 a. m.. 827 Sixth St.; every horse muut be
a« recreisented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer. -
ALL kinds of buggies surreyB and wagons, one .
pony cart, one pony buggy, one top wagon,
for sale cheap. 15O4-S Folsom st.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
, round: near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stable*, 100 Stevenson, S. F.
SECOND-HAND ODen hacks, wagonettes, 8-
seaters and business buggies. CORVILL
MANUFACTURING^ CO.. 48 Eighth St.
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— Next
peeslcn begins June 6. Catalogs by applying to
DK. E. J. CREELEY. 510 Golden Gate ave.
HIGH-CLASS pacer, record 2:20, bike buggy,
.harness, etc., for eale cheap. 1000 Geary st.
WANTED — Coach horse, any color, about 16.2
hands. 1200 lbs. W. W.. 2055 Sacramento st.
FOR eale — Cheap: butcher or grocer wagon;
light Burfey. W. W.. 2955 Sacramento *t.
FOR aale — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1215,
. Call office.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
nets. work and driving horses. 15th-VaIenda.
CAMPING house wagon: theatrical parties; 127
' Turk Et. Owner at 640 Howard st
-HOUSES TO LEST.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send fbr cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO., 20 Montgomery
PERRY, 204. near Fourth — $7; house of 3
rooms; water free. Apply to G.H. UMBSEN
& CO., 20 Montgomery st.
LANGTON et.. off- Bryant — ( rooms, yard and
basement: $11. Apply G. A. LEROUX, 29
New Montgomery *L
BEFORE moving get our printed list "of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
ttOopal TO LK'l—KlUNiSUGO.
FOR rent In San Rafael — A large,' fine house,
furnished; good-sized lot; trees and shrub-
bery and splendid location. Address box
1235, Call office. r_j
HOUSE of 8 rooms; billiard-room, bath; mag-
nificent marine view,' lovely garden. Apply
SHAINWALD-BUCKBEE CO., Mills bid.
SUNNY, elegantly furnished house, 10 rooms. 2
baths, laundry, garden and yard.- 419 Oak.
FURNISHED house of ft rooms for sale cheap;
ga*. bath, etc. S13 Folsom et., upstairs. -
HOUSES rUBNISHED — SUBURB A»T.
SAN A.NSELMO — From May 15 to September
15, comfortable and fully furnished house;
electric lights; stable and grounds. - Apply
JOHN S. MAC INTOEH, D.D., San, Anselmo.
LAUNCHES FOB HIRE.
C A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
et.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 834.
J. MICHAELIS Launch Co.. . Unlon-st. wharf,
for excursions and business. Tel. John 2080.
LOST AA'D FOUND.
$50 REWARD — Strayed or stolen, April 8, from
Geary and Market sts., bay horse with white
fcot branded; 74 under mane! business
buggy, red gear and dark body. Return to
1&50 Green St.; tel. Geary 2732; no questions.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of WILLIAM M. or ANNIE T1ETJEN,
No. 176.4C5. The finder will please 'return to
bank.
LEFT on 4:10 Ban Jose train, sterling silver
handled umbrella: monogram "C. ' B. P.'-'
Please return Palace Hotel to H. P. 'Taylor;
. rt jjard. ; . ¦ , . "
LOBT — Silk umbrella, white bone handle, on 1
o'clock Alameda boat; narrow gauge, Tues-
day. &85 Hayes st.;- reward.
LOST— April 19. large skiff (lead color). Please
notify Marln - Boathouse, Sauoallto, and • re-
ceive reward. . ¦ . ¦¦; . ,
LOST — On narrow-gauge boat, April 20, horse-
head umbrella. .Return to Majestic . Theater
and receive reward. t "..-.-*" • \~ . - '
LOST— On April 20. on Kearny «t., • bet. Pine
,and Sacramento, bunch of keys; reward. 619
Sacramento *t. . '
LOST— Feather boa. between Harbor Hospital
and Green- and Powell sts. ; reward. - 638
Gre«n st.- . ;......
LOST— Diamond and sapphire pin,' between
• Cliff House, ; park and . ferry. Return to » 838
Alice st.. Oakland: rewyd.
LOST— Diamond, ring. Return to 214 Freder-
. Ick st. ; liberal reward. . ;
*~ MEDICAL.' ¦¦':'*' "~'< :'•''¦ ¦¦¦
LADIES desiring safe, sure and' quick relief
from Irregularities consult me - at once; toy
methods are. always safe, painless' and: reli-
able; I have no failures; no exorbitant fee*.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE . FREE.
, Cure* ¦ guaranteed or, no pay; 17 years' -ex-
perience in all female disorders; call or- write
without • delay; T correspondence- confidential.
DR. WHITE. ,702 Market et.. : rooms 7 and 8;
A — LADIES,, if you are suffering from Irregu-
larities - or any ailment you : will . avoid ' dls-
1 appointments' by , consulting ." roe , first; * My
* method of' treatment is "positive -and < harm-
lees and, I guarantee immediate - relief ¦, from
anv case or. make no charges.' ' Advice : free.
. O-ll .m. m.-H* Tin.-, CVt.VlflST'F!R l<i aiOVi.»»«».
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— TIOl'SE iftKNTlNO DEPARTMENT.
All •: .- .r;.;... vacant houtrs end flats are list-
ed in our iree ttntlng dej^crtment; over 1000
In number: * combined list from all agencies;
let us pive you a list and help you to find a
piare; »«.- BMW fall; service free.
STERLING FL'RNITURE CO..
103» MARKET .ST..
OPPOSITE McALLlSTEn.
A — HOVPES end fats to let; an immense V.st;
KTVlef absolutely free: take advantage of
this ocpartment ; it will save you time and
trouble. Corde* Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
et., ..n the etius.rt\
EIGHTEENTH, near Valencia— New flat. 5
roorr.B nnd l>ath; all modern Improvements
Sixth, near Bryant— Flat of 4 rooms; $7 50.
Apply to G. A. LEROUX. 29 New Mont-
gomery et.
BUSQAKT new C and 7 room flat*: sun all day
1 block north of Market St.: Noe st.,"be-
twecn FUtfenth and Henry «t6.
NEW flat*; 5 & 6 r.; yard; basement; every
cor.vev.ien.-e; rent reasonable to good tenant.
1450-54 Eighth avt., S. cf G. G. Park.
WANTED— Party to «har* a modeirn~fiat. va-
tant Mar 1; rent $33; nine rooms. Call at
1S03H WaHer et. lor particulars.
$12 50 — tLLlS rt.. S tunny rooms, modern; $25
sunny corner, fc rooms, bath. PATTERSON!
room 202. Kxaminer building. •
CAPP. 10OG. mar 2:;th— Nitv sunny modern; 5
rooms. _yan) ; nv.t reasonable.
HAYES, 1747, near Park entrance; modern
«unny Icwer flat; 5 rooms and bath: $22 50.
BUNNY upixt; 7 room* and bath. 1442 De-
vl>adero rt.. rtrr Geary.
FLAT of 3 nice rooms. Apply II Clara »t.,
between Third and Fourth.
VPrER fiat. l.-ttH~El7!iTirt.. between Lacuna
and Buchanan; C rooms, bath; rent $27 00.
6-KOOM fiat; $15. No. C Hunny court. Geary
.^t^t^JVVcbrter and Buchanan.
A NEW modern «at cf 6 rooms and bath- rea-
t enable to retpor.gible party. 828 Harrison *t.
1XEQANT sunr.y corner top flat; rent reason-
. mskt to_j<sDonsIble party. 799 Cole rt.
MCDEUN flat. 5r.4 b7.~yardT~basement ; fash-
ionable; water frr-; rent $27 50. 3309 Clay.
DOWNTOWN modern sunny Hat; 9 room*.
lath: evrry convenience. U3M Poet. nr. Hyde.
GREEN. 20C5— Sunny Enjrlith basement flat;
bay view; 7 rooms, bath; lawn rear.
— r ?! AT^- _TP— L BT-— yCKMSUEO.
P '°H C ' 1402 — Xlc * Bunn >" fiat: bath, gas; suit-
aule 4 perror^; reasonable; no children.
TWENTIETH. 4230. r.ear Castro cars— Nice
funny 5-room parlor flat; good view; $30.
SOUTH PARK. 79— Furnished upper flat of
6 rooms; rent reasonable. Apply i:3i* to a.
FLATS FOH SALB FCttMSUED.
ATTRACTIVE, sunny upper flat; 6 room* and
bath: newly furnished; fine carpets, elegant
furniture; rent reasonable; a bargain 1?_>
Eddy «t.
LOVELY new 5-rm. flat; sun ever}' rra. ; fur-
ritur»» a!mc5t new; cheap rent; price $250.
Call 10:3<» to 3.3n only. 242 Noe. or. Market.
FOR fsfl'e— 3-room furnished flat: bath; reason-
box r^r: cai P crrce! agh: G<?ary ' -"*»>•
HELP tVA.VTEnl^PEMALB.
WOMAN to work about bathhouse, ~^~ $33 '
Cook, delicettssen. with room, «35
3 cooks, little washing, city. $;t0
tCvtsC, San Jose. 2 children. $30
Nurse, grown children. Ross Valley. $20
t^sck, 2d girl, country, same house". $30, $20 i
Fr*nch or Gtrman seamstress hotel, $30
Housework. 3 in family, no washing. Ron* i
Valley. $30 ,
Nurse, institution, oity. $su
Dishwasher, sanitarium, sleep home, $25
Four becund Elrls. city, $25
2 waitresses, commercial hotel, south, $25
• Chan-.txTn.aid ar.d waiting, country, $25
Cleaning woman. * - $20
43 general housework girls, city and countrj".
. $20, $25 and $30.
Laundre**. family work. $30
Ironeir. ladlrs' wear. $10 a week.
t»*-rrr.an or Swedish cook. $3S
Apply to J. F. CROSETT * CO.. 3.f4 Sutler.
AT 50* Mason. MRS.WALPER. Tel. BlackTlEn.
First-clap* cock for summer resort.
Girl, lipht housework, good home $20
Oocfc. 5 in family $30
A — WAJCTEO — Girls t<> learn hainl renting,
mar.icurlns. etc. j trade tautht rrom A to Z
in 2 Hr«Ocs: $3 to tho«e entering now; 3 po-
sition* to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 r*r week up; leading school tn
Wert. 233 Gear?' «., room 13.
A — Gixl* to learn millinery now for Fpriiir «ea-
son; both wason* taught rrom start to finish
in 1 month for $15: tKisitlone as trimmers,
saJec'.adles. etr.. p-uaracterd at $10 per wk up;
*1&y an3 evening class. 143 Stoclu«n st., r. 13.
A— LADIE9 to l»6rn all branches halrdreesing
tr*C*-, menk-urlng. maesage, etc. 1236 Mar-
k«t ei.. -cor. Jon»>«, room P4: positions secured
st highest wagcf; day and eve. class: call.
FINISH Kit? on coats wanted. 27 Geary st.
h. x. troop & co.
WANTED— Pant* finishers. Apply at once at
S^N. WOOD A CO.'S. 49 Geary st.
WANTED— Pants operators. Apply at once,
S. N. WOOD A CO.. 49 Geary et.
EALESDADY wanted for Juvenile department;
children'* drei=»es. suit*, etc. Addrert, Mat-
ing experience, references, salary wanted,
»xs 147S. Call office.
JACKITT hand? — 4 experienced Jacket hand* for
alteration department; apply morning.
LIVINGSTON BROS., Post *t.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for children's suits,
coat?, etc. Apply Superintendent's office.
The Emporium.
A YOUNG lady bookkeeper. Apply. 1230 Market
et.. room 14, bet. 1 .30 and 2:80 p. m.
COMPETENT cook. 2344 gutter «t.
GIRL for r»?neral housework; 2 in family;
wapen $20. Address box 13C0, Call office.
GIRL fur general housework: 2 in family;
wage* $2<i. Address box 72C1, Call office.
WANTED — Experienced dry goods saleswo-
men.. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
WANTED — A young woman who Is an experi-
enced dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS."
WANTED — Young woman who li an experi-
enced art eoods saleswoman. Apply between
9 end 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
CAPABLE. Intelligent lady of pleasing appear-
ance to do special demonstrating; the abili-
ty U' talk before small audience* desirable;
$25 \o $.V) per week for right party. Writ*
fully, stating experience, box 1375, Call.
F1UST-CJ-ASS hairdresser: will employ any
¦balrdrewwr who ha* worked in my store be-
fore. M LEDURER, 123 Stockton st.
TCUNG girl* who have experience in wrapping
dry goods and underwear; steady positions;
$25 month. I. MAGNIN A CO.. 43-S3 Elli*.
EDUCATED woman. $50 a month salary iruar-
ante<d; 9 a. m. to 2. p. m. 637 Bush et.,
room 611. v
A GIRL to help at busheJlmr. 8. N. WOOD A
CO., corner Powell and Eddy *ts.
TCUNG fir! \o acaiet with light housework
and children: $15. 1C3C Waller *t.
ADVERTISEMENTS »ub»criptlon* received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan fc Ohnrch *t» _
AcBRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and cubvcrlption* ha« been
opened at K)0S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
HITLP •WANT—D-— MAIX -
CIRCULAR wwyer. $65 to $75 and board: ma-
chine man, $59 and board; log man for mill.
i!-<< and beard; 2 laborers for mill, $35 to
$44 ond board; carriage painter, $3 day; 2
carpenter*. $3 &0 day: cooper, $3 day; slack
wnrk cooi*rs, 9 cents barrel; jnllker and
driver, tmall dairy, $30 and $33 found; but-*
termaker. $.'!5 and found: milker, $40 and
found; 2 farmer* and wives, $45 and $50 and
found; colored porter. $23 and found; cooks,
«ralf*rs, kitchen incn; hour* man, $25 and
found; watchman and night clerk, $25 and
found, and others. J. F. CROSETT A CO.,
62k Sacramento at. .
at tiie^caJlTemp. agency. ~
14 Third rt.; near Call bid*-.' phone Bush 405
THE STATE OF NEVADA
CHEAP FAKE— REFUNDED.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
25 teatr.cters, $C7 50 a month.
15 laborer*. $00 a month.
10 drillers, rockmen, hammercmea, $75.' ""
H-nch hand, $4 SO a day.
Planer sticker band, 1 5 day.
Edgcrman. sawmill, $75 a month and found.
Osmp cook, near city, $60. ,
Baker. Nevada, fare advanced, $50 fonnd.
CAL.EMP^ AfcENCY. H Third «u
A — HOTEL Gazette. 2tl Mootgoniery «t.. r. 12
Second cook. cafe. $100; manager for lodging-
bouse. . $76; manager for boarding- house;
oock. City, botel, $(J0."
HELP WAXTED MALE Contlnned.
A— MURRAY & READY! 634-630~ClayIsC
PHONE MAIN 5S4S.
„„„ W E SPEAK
GERMAN GREEK. ITALIAN,
'SPAXISH. SWISS. FRENCH.
*OLR FARE FRKE. LOOK— FREE FARE
TO STATE OF NEVADA
If you «ay four months. THAT'S ALL.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WOKIC
2fc5 two-horse teamsters, $00.
15t5 laborers, you'll suit, $00.
85 drillers, rockmen, hammmmen; $15.
12 machine drillers, $00.
Eight hours' work dally: hundreds going;
ARE YOU? /
$1— FEE— THATS ALL— $1. /
ARIZONA, ARIZONA.
Center of great mines, land of sunshine.
1 BIO WAGES.
910 miles. $9 10.
j^5 teasssters, laborers, drillers, etc., $2 to
$3 o0 day.
CLOSE TO PRESCOTT.
IN CALIFORNIA—
25 laborer*, big mine co., $76. $67 50.
-""'12 machine miner*, gold quartz. $'.«0.
IS mucker*, gold quartz, *«7 50.
TO FARMS. DAIRIES. ETC.
126 farm, orchard and vinevard hands, all
over California; $£5. $2C, $30. $35 fd.
35 cood teamstera, $20. $30 fd.
50 milkers, located everywhere. $30. $35 fd.
12 butter-makers, separator tenders, etc.,
$40 fd.; 18 choreboys, men. etc., $15, $20, $25,
$30 found.
OHOREMEN, GARDKNERS. STABLEMEN.
18 stablemen, city, country. $35j& fd. to $75.
12 coachmen, choremen and roustabouts, $25
and $:to and found.
V gardeners, come vegetables, some flowers.
MECHANICAL.
<J coopers; 2 machinists, $3 25 day; machine
blacksmith's helper, S75.
3 tallymen, lumber company. $3 day.
Planer and sticker handr, *:{ day up.
12 blacksmiths, different jobs.
2 brick loaders, exceptionally good Job.
Gang edgerman. fare $1 25, $.Vi to $70 found.
WOODCKOPPERS.
23> men to cut wood all over California.
HOTEL EEPT. "
18 cooks for hotel*, saloons.- mines, cafes,
ranches and euaicer resorts. $3u, $40, $30
and SUO and found.
IS waiters, different Jobs, $25. $30, $25 fd.
12 dishwashers. f25. $25 and $30 and found
2 bellboys. firet-c!ass hotels, $15 found.
3 hotel porters, $20, J2*i found. '
UAKERS.
Cook, baker, small nhop. countrj'. X* found.
LAUNDRYMEN.
12 l&undrymen. different -classes of work.
Amalgamator, ;$t>0; mill man, $aO; 4 machine
miners", ?M; concentrator. $1)0; carriage
painter; sticker- hand. $4 day.
15 laborers, lumber yards $60.
BOYS.
12 b/ys, box factories, $50.
. DouBle-cut band sawyer. L. Co.. $5 day.
16 eheep herders, good Jobs, $25, $30, $35 fd.
Foreman carpenter, fare $1, $4 day.
Bench hands. Planer hand.
Molder and sticker hand. Door molder.
6 eooi>ers, Oc barrel.
Blacksmith, lumber co.. $65 to $75 found.
2 machinists, fare $1, $3. $2 50 day.
SAME MINE.
2 machine miners, fare $3 .">(', $90.
Hand miner, fare $3 60. 5S.2 50-
2 muckers, fare $3 5O. $75.
LOOK.
Milker and wife. Colusa County. $55 found.
Choreroan, milk 1 cow. orange trow. $30 fd.
Gang edgerman, fare $1 25. $55 to $70 fd.
8PECIAL.
d lumbers. I* hours, country, $4 day.
3 plasterers, 8 hours, «ountry, $5 day.
25 carpenters, S hours, country. $3 50 day.
7 paperhanrers. 6 hours, country. $4 day.
10 painters. 8 hours, country.. S3 50 day.
2 cement finiFhem. 8 hours. $4 day.
4 coremen, 8 hours, country. $3 SO day.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and G36 Clay st.
A— CONTRACTORS* Employment Agency. CH3
WaFhington nt., phone James 3301 — We ship
to Nevada to-day teamsters. $2 25 day, 8
hours work, cheap fare; wheelwright for
ranch. $40 fd.; man for orchard and vine-
yard work. *l day fd.; 6 slack coopers. 0c •
bbl., f2 25 old work; sheep «hearer. 7c head; ,
70 two-horse teamsters, $1 75 day, free, fare; ,
10 men for new railroad work. $2 dav.
free fare; boys, sa?h and door factory, $1 25
to $1 fiO day: woodchoppers, $1-$1 50 cord,
cheap fare; men. call and see our list of
Job*. L, H. CUTTING A CO.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
t>5 THIRD ST. Telephone Main 6521.
New CsrriD in California.
New Railroad Work.
Teamsters — $2. Teamsters — $2 25
Ranch hands, Sonoma & Santa Clara countien.
NEVADA NEVADA
Teamsters, $2 25. '•, . : Laborers. $2
SHIP TO-NIGHT.
HORD A SMITH.
AT CONTRACTORS^AGENCY, • ;
85 THIRD ST. Telephone Main 5521.
California. Railroad Work. California.
Railroad teamstera, not far from city. 12 25.
Ranch hand. Los Gatos, $25 and found.
5 ranch hands, Sonoma County, $1 and found.
TeameterB for Nevada. . .- $2 2A
Labctera for Nevada : |2
6 colored waiters, city hotel $U and found.
: HORD A SMITH.
RED CROES EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 602
Clay it. Phone James 2476 — Wanted, all
kinds of planing mill help; bench hands: doer
xno'.dTs. planer hands, mold sticker hand;
low fare: union wages; see boes in city.
CLOTHING salesman wanted." Apply S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st.
A GOOD underprefser on vests; also a young
man to learn uoderpressing. Apply R.
Thomas, foreman, 43 Geary st. S. N. WOOD
A CO.
WANTED — Pant* operator*. Apply at once,
S. N. WOOD A CO.. 49 Geary st.
WANTED— Pants pressers. Apply tt once, S.
N. WOOD & CO.. 49 Geary st.
WANTED— Pants finishers. Apply E.|N. WOOD
* CO.. 27 Geary .it.
MEN — The Original John A. Moler of Denver
will open one of his famous barber colleges
in Los Angeles about May 1; first 10 stu-
dents, half price; this will be the largest,
most complete and modern barber college In
America; write for terms. JOHN A.
MOLER. Los Angelee. Cal.
WANTED — Young man who is experienced in
slli-erware. clocks and Jewelry; one capable
of repairing clocks and mending broken Jew-
elry- Arr.ly between 9 and 11 a. in., at
HALE BROS/
WANTED — Boy from 14 to 16 years of age to
learn the dry-goods business. Apply between
8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
_____ _ __
Men to learn the barber trade in two months
and eecure rood portions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLER System
College. <R5 Clay ft.
GOVERNMENT position*— Call at S25 Golden
Gate ave.. rocm 7, for free information a*
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc; day
<w evenings. -
WANTED — Youn; man to tend bar and help
around first-class saloon. Inquire 527 Mont-
gomery st.
YOUNG man. for office apprentice: wages $20
per month. Apply In own handwriting, glx--
Ing age and reference*, box 1475, Call office.
EXPERIENCED carpet ealesman wanted;
mate experience, references, salary expected.
Box 1478. Ca.il office.
SALESMAN Tor drug sundries wanted: murt
be experienced ; give references and wage*
expected. Addrwa box 1477, Call office.
BOYS, wanted — Apply Superintendent's office.
The Emrwrium.
BUSH ELM AN wanted immediately. GOLDEN
EAGLE CLOTHING STORE; 104- Kearny st.
WANTED — Barber for Saturday- and Sunday.
237 S Fifth *t.
BARBER— Saturday and Sunday. 105 Second
street.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 894
Fourth ft.
SAILORS and young men <ereen handf) for
¦ thips. HALLBERT, S17 Jackson st.
HAT ealesman wanted. Apply box 1476, Call
office. ..
A GOOD, all-around boy with some experience
in grocery bup|ne«s. 1260 Devlsadero st.
EXPERIENCED feeder on box cutting press.
Box 1364, Call office.
SHOEMAKER— Steady. capable shoemaker
wanted; permanent position. Box 1484, Call.
WANTED — A handy man about place. 1443
Harrison st.
FOR sale — Furniture of 1-chair barber shop;
*hop to leC 919 Capp st,
WANTED — Energetic up-to-date man to take
charge of household department; must be
thoroughly experienced in all lines of agate,
tin aad -wooden ware; state age. experience
and salary expected. Box 1308. Call.
WANTED— 450 teams to work on Fresno and
wheel scrapers; 3 months* work. Apply to
W J. SCHMIDT. Jones st. and San Pablo
are.. West Berkeley.
BARBERS — Shop for sale: - established 25
years; 4 chairs: center of Oakland: fine trade;
etc.: cheap. Call or write. 459 Twelfth St.,
Oakland. -
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics ' to know
that Ed Ro'kln. Rrno House oroortetor. baa
added 100 new room* to the Denver House,
217 Third et.: 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
COATMAKERS to take work out BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st. .
YOUNG man to clerk In grocery store. HOFF-
. MAN BROS.. 24th •*>* Ckimli ¦ <mm • -- --
MO?»'EY TO ¦' LOAiy— Contlnned.
NEW easy method — To .wage earners on.unln-
dcrsed notes; absolute privacy. . Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg. '
TO salaried people/without security; on furni-
ture, Indorsed notes and other Eecurity. j S. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg. ¦¦
1 PER cent on furniture or piano, 1003 Mutual
7 Savings Bank building. 708 Market st. ' . .
CASH loaned salaried, people on notes without
indorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
A'WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pases. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MOSEY ' WASTED. . '
WANTED — A | loan of $10,000 for a term of
years at 8 per cent per annum on real estate.
Address box 3614. Call office.
ABSOLUTE BARGAINS IN PIANOS.
One in fair order....... .....$10
One a little better. .". $!•
Another, condition good...'..'..... ........$25
¦Also a Chlckerlng. Mason & Hamlin, two
Etelnways, Knabe. Vose. Sterling, May son.
- Emerson, , Hallet & . Davis, Starr and many
I other*,; from $55 up; easy terms; fully guar-
anteed. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Far-
rell St." ':- -.-..-¦ .. ' ; V ' -'. - ¦¦-.-..-' "-- :
RENTING Is our specialty; $2 up;. apply on
purchase; installments $4 . up. HEINK
PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary St.; Oakland, 1252
Broadway; ¦
SPECIAL bargains this week-,' square pianos,
$25; uprights. $100 up; organs, $25. BYIION
MAUZY. 308 Post st. ¦' .
IF you want bargains come now; pianos almost
given away. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister st:
$165— STEINWAY upright; private party: no
-; reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
$75; STEINWAY piano, cost $600, for . sale on
$5 installments. : 1309 Gough St.; near Geary.
NEW- upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
menta. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister et. '
3-PEDAL Stelnway up. ;Chickering baby grand;
Shonlnger, little used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. • 3W»-312 Po"t st.
PERSONALS. "
A fresh, . smooth and * young looking face.
. With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forget the name. M. ELLA HARRIS.
The number, 781 O'Farrell St., near Larkln.
• ;-•.:', Call or write for book, free,
. >"Hlnt« on Beauty." "
THE HERMANN SANITARIUM.
Insomnia, mental and nervous diseases cured:
liquor and drug habits; massage; medicated
baths;' country, place. Lake co. : terms to phy-
sicians;' call or write. 1875 Waller, bet. Ma-
sonic ave. and Aahbury st. ; tel. Fell 837.
MR. C. "A. PARKER and MR. CHAS. H.
SCHMUESER have resigned as directors of
the Germanla Investment Company. Having
disposed of their interests are no longer In-
terested in any way with the company.
NOTICE to the public— I, E. P. NORMAN,
will not be- responsible for any debt3 con-
tracted by my wife, MILDRED A. NORMAN,
after this date. April 21." 1904, she having
left my bed and board. E. P. NORMAN.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, lm-
. proves Its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
f cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk.
A— MICROTINE, a positive cure for , catarrh,
cold in the head, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections; send for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO., 272.9th.
Cancerous lumps, cores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. ; 251 . Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
A FINE suit to order on easy installments , of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS,. 1127 Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overccats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Markat Et.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all dreg dls-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.;
812 Shotwell; consultation free; call or write.
SOCIAL dance* Wed., Tbura.. Sat. and Sun.;
classes 5 Mondays. . Fridays. Louise-. Foster's
School of Dancing. 15S6 Market, nr. Larkln.
PRIVATE detective: city or country; thorough-
ly reliable. Box 1420. Call office, - ¦
"VITAL Ring" cures weak men; $2 50, 'post
paid., DR. BURN ARD & CO.. 140 Geary, S.F.
SUITS to crder on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS A CO. (Inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. A Mrs. Travers, 1170 Market.
Actina~rc3tores lost eyesight;cures deafness and
catarrh. - A' VIP A Co., 3524 19th, nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist.'. 369 Sut-
ter. r. COS). Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 SO.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1: at all druggists'.
PAliilJSTRY.
.H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 615
Taylor «t.. near Gcarv. Phone Black 561.
PAinrayp, papebhawoiwo. etc.
PAINTING, papering and 'tinting done .cheap;
all work done first class. Tel. Larkln 4171.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR^C?xr6'DONNELL^6fflce andTesldencc,
1021% Market at., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of ¦ women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. ; BALL. 1073% Market st. , «
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
DR.' TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal' herb doctor, cure* all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG-WOO, the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-S Clay st.
' PlJUMBIKO.
A PLUMBER (licensed) wants . work from
property owner by the day or week; has all
necessary shop toolB. Box- 1420. Call office. .
SEWING MACHINES A.VU SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC — The' machine for family: use;
best Is cheapest: second-hand all makes at
, any price;-, all , kinds, rented lowest- rates. 1
Domestic office, '1021; Market, near Sixth.
NEW * HOME-^-See , our new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used; $10. $15, $20; second-
hand.' $3- $5 $8; all 6tyles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. .1051 Market- at.-
SLOT; BIACHIIVES.-: '" *>
Slot machines; $25; punchers/ $25; lifters, -card
machlnes,$20. W.A.Bradford Co.,llS5 Market.
"¦^J -,'.- ' SPECIALISTS. '^ ~J ¦¦ ¦
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new-methods: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham- 204 Sutter st.v
A — EMPORIUM Storage & .Van Co.; furniture,
• household goods stored,*; moved,'; shipped. t 725-
. 731; Howard. St., nr.- Third; phone Grant loi;
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co. ; storage,
packing. 'shipping warehouse, G.' G. and Van
Ness; office 1236 Market, r. 84; tel. South 750.
P1F.RCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. . Ex. 571.
CON KLIN" S Storage — Furniture ¦ and ? merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone : East * 120.*
GOLDEN West Storage; advances jnade.v 840
>, Mission Bti ; tel. Howard 841. • F. ' W.' Zehf usa.
PACIFIC • Storage f and Furniture . Moving | Com-
panjyy:: ¦¦¦. 2320 Flllmore ; st. ; , phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. ¦¦ 11 Montgome-y
st.^tel.' Main lS-tO. ' Shipping at cut rates." '
AN exceptionally, good 1 No.' 2 Remington." No.' 1
• Smith :, Premier. ¦; $25: : other i typewriters ¦ at
. higher and ¦ lower prices; rentals $2 50. - The
'.'.-¦ Typewriting ; Exchange.' C36 ' California , st. •:¦'
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; Ret par-
- ticulars of LI' &M. ALEXANDER, '110 Mont-.
'.'gomwy.iC;J,'v*'r'-' : ''' / :.'.;.'-,?.:-:.i-/.-. ¦
2D-HAND > typewriters : eold, , rented. * repaired.
. . Webster Typewriter , Inspect Co.. ¦ 608 ; Market. .
;. '.-*- DIVIPBKD' MOT1CKS.H>
SAN FRANCISCO - and Suburban Home Bulld-
lcg Society, > 6th floor, ¦ Mutual ¦ Savins* - Bank
building, 708* Market. *t.; opposite \.Thlrd— -
' > For the ¦ half year '• ending . 81st , of December,
' 1803, i a s dividend I has been : declared . at \ th*
' rat* ¦ per i annum : of , (12) , twelve , per • cent ; oa \
- : capital ': stock ;. and - participating - certificate*. ¦
> .' f re* of : taxes, - payable ; on and after SATUR-
; DAY.^ January, 2. . 1904. JOSEPH A. , LEON-;
' ARD. Manager. HUGH ' CRAIG. Secretary.'
BY STATING YOUR
WANTS¦WASHINGTON. April 22.— The NavT De
partment has changed the orders for the
Vlcksburr and Annapolis, which are cominn
home from the Asiatic station, and they will
go: to 5^re Island for an overhauling instead
of : to -Bremerton.".-- '-'-¦..,_: > . • .. .
: SAN BERNARDINO, April 22.— Miguel An
tonio,-convicted of the raurder of Lee Gar. a
Chinaman, at : Needles, Cal..- has been §en
tence«i'by:Judj?e Bledsoo to be hanrtd at Saa
Quentin on July .7."
The following table gives a comparative:
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers • in cubic feet per
second, or second feet. The T figures . for; the
lsst year may be revised by later measure
ments. /The figures .• are . by 8. ;. G. Bennett,
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey:
TULE RIVER. NEAR PORTERVILLE.
Second Feet.
DATE. . V:. ; ¦ ¦—
felfc^aJfeflBSB low. loot.
AprlMO... ...............:. CS5.T 273
April 11... 440. .'524
April 12.. 40S 318
April 13... 379 311
April 14... 351 : 311'
April 15....... ;;....; 3.M 298
April 16.:..;.........;...;. • ;S2t y 273 '
' TUOLUMNE RIVER, AT LA GRANGE.'
• r' ¦:.-.-',¦ Second Feet.', :
DATB. r ; S : —
;I9O3.-; 1904.
April 10.. ......... ....V.... -5,500 5,055
April ii.:.;:.. .,4,630 e.fiis-.
April 12. .. . . • . . . . . .'. .".:.': .". ' 3,850 • ;;, 7.295 •
April 13. ...;;. ..'....¦......¦. '3,(510 7.9C0 ¦
April 14... ...:.'...:..;. s[; 3.370'.' -7,900
April 15. .........'. . . . . . :;-.-; v 3.370 - > 7.9C0 '
April -16. .... ...... ..... ... . v 2.910 . «6,78<i '¦
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON -, CANYON*!
. y s ¦"*.-¦ • -.'•. ,' Second Feet. .':¦;
' « ' DATE. '¦¦'. \ - ' " ' " • *
:. " '-, '-\:'"[ ;-¦¦ yl903. ? 19O4.,'
April 10. ; . ..-...'. . .... . /.; . . W.300 . ;3Jt,3S0 -
April ii....;..-......T..-..r; -,ns,7co ; . 32.020 ¦
April . 12..... 17,910 3.3.."..?0
April 13. ................."V 17,100 - "33,380.
April 14; .-. . .-..-. . 16,720 .-' 03,840 "*
ApriW45;rrriv.T.-;r.v7.*r..7: ;i6,340 34,300."
April 10. r;;?;. ::.-;-.;; .v.'.t: .i5,5so > : 33.S40 .^
FLOW OF CALIFORNIA BIVERS.
Same to Daniel J. S. and Maria E Miclinu
lot on S line of Dorland street. 825 E of Do
lores. E GO by 8- 115; $— — « - . •.
. Saroev. to Emily Seller, lot on SE corner 1 of
Henry and Noe streets. 8.75 by B 105: $ -
J. D. and Marcla Mendenhall- to Elizabeth
Raetz (wife of Christopher), lot on W line of
Bryant street, 00 S of Twenty-fifth S 50 by W
100; $10. . " .
Mary J. E. Cryan (wife of 'Robert .W- ii )
to.Talettw Venturi. lot on S line ' of . Vallcjo
street, 115:6 AV of Stockton. W* 22 by S
G8:9; $10. . - .
1 City and County of. San Francisco to Albert
Caron. lot on E ltne ¦ of . Leavenworth street
112:6 N of Union. N 25 by E 70; $ ; ¦
Charles Hinkel to John Hlnkel. ¦ lot •' on B
line of Larkln street. 60:6 N of -Washington
N 16. by E 100; Rift. - .-•..,* -'
. John and Ada M. Hlnkel to Mary L ! Laynjr
same; gift. : ." . .... . ?-¦
Hlbernla Savings and: Loan' Society to Irene
R. Stalrley. lot on. N line of Pine street 137-n
W of Hyde. E 19:7 5-7 by N 137:6,. quitclaim
deed; $1. • ¦¦- •-••,. •"¦ : -'r. >:.-••..•.-,>'
¦ Irene R.'fitalrley to A: J. Rich "same; $10 ' '
Patrick uaCerty to Benjamin 8. and Su«l»
Helen C. Roach to Henry L. and Florence
E. Baclgalupl. lot on N line of Filbert street.
I6?:9 W of Broderick. W 25 by N 107:6; $10.
James C. Jordan to. Louis Abraham, lot on
E line of Michigan avenue. 833:4 N, of Rich
mond. N 33:4 by E 120; $10..
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Emereon Corvllle. lot on B line of
Thirteenth street. 125.018 E of ' Folsom E
25.004. S 111.604. W 25:10, N 114.854; $10. ' '
City and County of San Francisco to Alice
L. Alexander (wife of William F.). lot on N
line of Sixteenth street. 85 E of Guerrero E
25 by N 100; $ . • .- ¦ . ¦
Enianuel S. and Clara H. Heller to Ein
tracht 8. and B. Vereln. lot on NE line of
Tenth street. 379:4*5 SE of Bryant. SE 76:8«i.
E 00:6 8 4:10 BE 12:3, NE 19:1. 8E 13:8%
NB 78:2W. NW 78:10. NE 25. NW to point
456:'9tt BE of Bryant street. SW 29:11 V,. SW
r.9:ll. KW 54:4H, W 89 W 23:10 Quitclaim
deed; $5.
Eintracht B. and B. Vereln to James ' "W -
Smith, same; $11,000. . .
California Cement Company (corporation), to
salne. block bounded by Bryant. Brannan;
Tenth and Dore utrcets: $10.
| Joseph and Paultne Sheerer to same, same;
City and County of San Francisco to' William
Foley. lot on NW corner of Eighteenth and
Folsom streets. W 100 by N BO; $ . . / .,
¦ FRIDAY. APRIL '22.
i City and County of Ean Francisco to Isaac
I Llebes, lot on BE corner of Broadway and
! Polk streets. S 187:6 by E 187:6; $ .
j Bamuel Goldstein to Sophie Goldstein lot
j on S line of Eddy street, <77:6 W of Franklin
j W 85 by N 120; irlft.
I City and County of San Francisco to Jennie
Friedlander (wife of Louis), Ida Eisenberg
(wife of Ignatz) and Rose Lando (wife of
Jacob I'.), lot on S line of Broadway. 155 W
of (Sough street, S 120, W 37:«%, x to point
189:3% W cf Gougb. B 43:3%; $ r .
Same to Charles Hugues, lot on S line of
Haye» street, 55 E of Laguna, E 27:0 by S
120; $ . ,
Same to Jemima A. Bogart. lot on SE corner
of Page and Buchanan streets. K 100 by 8
137:6; $ .
Same to'ElIse A. Drexler, lot on E line of
Webster street, 100 S of Union.' S C9 by £}
137 :«; $ .
Same to Charles II. and Dietrich Kohn. lot
{ on S line of Turk street, 22:10 W of Buchanan
W 23 by S 56:6; $ .
Same to De'nnls J. Mercer, lot on S line of
Gclden Gate avenue, 137:6 "W of Buchanan
street, W 27:6 by S 137:6; $ -.
Sidney V. Smith to Cora B. Smith, lot on
NE corner of Post and Flllmore streets. N
65 by E 93: clft.
City and County of Ean Francisco to Emma
H. Brown, lot on NE corner of Green and
Flllmore streets. N 87:6 by & 87:6; $ .
Same to Erallle Donohue. lot on N line of
Pacific street, 100 W of Flllmore. W 84:6 by
N 127:8^: $ .
Same to William Schwarke. lot on S line
of Ellis street. 30 E of Scott, B 80 by 8 75;
Same to Bridget J. Hayes, lot on'N line of
Fell street. 100 W of Ecott, W 25 by N 187:6;
Same to Morris F. ]>vy. lot on S line of
Clay street, 108:3 W of Scott, W. 25 by 8
127:8^4; $ . ;
RKALi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
BANK STOCKS.
Am va B1C..125 - (Ij P **~"' l -- i^
Anglo-Cal .. 82'* 87 M«r T"»*v:' ~ _
Bank of Cal.425 — i 1 *!^..?,?"'.* r «
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 |S F Nation!..— 1-3
First Nation! — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S ft I>.2260 2350 [Sav & L. So. — ICO
Hum S A I — I Sec Sav Bk. — 430
Mutual Sar.lOO — I Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.625 — I ¦
STREET RAILROAD3.
California .. — 2«0 IPrestdlo 335, «
Geary — 80 I
POWDER. •
Giant — €l%|VIscrit ..— — <%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 25o iKIlauea S C- 3% 4
Hawaiian C. 47% 48%|Makawel! C. 21" 21J*
Honokaa S C Jlfj — Onoroea S C. — 27^,
Hutch S P.C ¦ 9 »%|Paauhau S C. 12iS IZTi
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.142", — lOceanlc S Co. 3% 3^i
Cal F C A. — lOO^jPac Aux FA. 6fc —
Cal "Wine A. fllfi W&IPac C Bon. — 1T0
MV& MiTm.100 — |
Morning Session.^
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 1*3 00
25 Hawaiian Coral A Sugar 47 75
20 Oceanic S S Co cash 3 *7tf
60 Oceanic S S Co 3 75
M> B V Gas A Electric «2 50
an a F Gas A Electric «= 25
30 S K Gu A Electric €2 37}*
100 S F Gas A Electric, a SO 62 25
$3,000 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 6s.. 96 >-7'j
$2,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s.. .....116 50
Street—
$1,000 S P Branch Ry « per cent 131 60
$10,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 p«r cent.. Ill 50
$10,000 S F A 3 J V 5 per cent 118 ©O
$10,000 S P of C 6s (1905. Series A).. 101 «2}4
Afternoon Session.
Board—
15 Alaska Packers' Association... 143 00
60 Hawaiian Coml Tfe 8ugar 43 00
15 S F Gas A Electric 62 25
..,20 8 P Gas & Electric 62 00
$5,000 Pacific Electric Ry Cs 106 00
Street—
' W Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 43 00
$4,000 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 6s.. 63 S7ft
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 99 100 |sf & NP Bs.Ulfc —
B L Wat 6s. — 117141 S P C R 4s. — 100
Cal NW 6s..l08%110HlS P Co 4HS.10O —
M C Wat 5S.10O — (Sun Tel 6»..113 — "
K £? L Wfe » 5s — 107H|Suttr-st R3S.1C3 113
SP Drdk 5s — 113^1UR of SF 4s. 77% 77%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 24 27% Mat Nar Co. — M
Cal Cot Mils 88 — Nev Nat Bk. — 200
Cal G&ECor. 33 — N S R R.. 8tt —
C Jockey C1.12O 150 N Cal P Co. 11
fjal- Powder.125 — Oak Bk Sav.112% —
Cal Ship Co. 15 SO Oak T Con. 75 —
Cal TI4T- 135 IOOF Hall A 6 —
};*" Bk - Oak — , "0 Orpheum Co.. 12V, 1«H!
Chutes Co .. 6T4 — Pac C Cas..ll9% —
Clty&CBk— 112 Pan S Tel.. 100 101
Cyp L Imp. 5 7% Paraf Paint. 88 —
East Dynm.. — 250 s F Drydock 60 —
DpntPwd pfd — »O SFASJ Coal. — SO
•B^J^^Lr.^ w a J TV ' at Co - — i*»
FN Bk. Oak.120 — SO A MTgbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr — 1% Swlss-A Bk.115 —
Frnch-A Bk.105 .,— Tnick Elect. 10 —
"a* Con A. — 22 UR InC pfd. 43 —
Hono P Co. 13 15 Do com .. » —
Lcin.Sc SF Bk. — 60
Morning Session.
$10,000 United R R of S F 4s, ' s> 5.. 77 09
$25,000 United R R of S F •* per cent. . 77 30
Afternoon Session.
Street— • . • •
$50,000 Unlrtd R R of S F 4 per cent.. TT 80
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked,
Almii ....•••.••••••••....... - * 2 *»^
Apollo ,['.] 4«
Associated Trust Cert 13 -o
Caribou 4 25
Central Point Con TO '75
Chicago Crude 20 21
Claremont 62 C5
Esperanza 1 25
four 60 *62
Hanford 180 00 155 0O
"°™« • •• 1 55 1 R5
Imperial 14 00 is i'O
Independence 23 24
Kern boo ft i«ta
Kern Rlrer 12 00
Uon .« 01 ....
Monarch of Arizona 4C» ....
Montw Cristo C5 ....
Oil City Petroleum 43 * •*— 45 •
Peerless ""I*'oO
Pittsburg 20
Reed Crude : 1 CO ....
Senator 65 ....
Sovereign 41 * 42
Sterling 2 40 2 «O
Superior W •.' ¦- .....
Thirty-thr«« .... 8 25'
Twenty-eight 7 00 .. .. :
Associated Bonds .... ,. 70.-
Miscellaneous — '-''*/' '
Fischer's Theater 1 25 1 5O
Northern Cal Power 11 0O 11 25
Sanitary Reduction Works 1 90
SALES. ;
Morning Session.
2C0 Twenty-eight -Oil 7 00
50 Peerless, b 90 . . . ; 14 00
6,000 Independence ' 23
10,000 Independence, b 5 .'. . 23
638 Four Oil 60
Afternoon Session.
4,000 Independence 23
700 Senator 67
Mining Stocks. \
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANOHL .
Following wera the sales on the San Frta
clsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.. J<"'*V---*
100 Alpha ....... 03 400 Overman ~..... S3
500 Bullion 11 600 Overman • 4O
200 Bullion 10 300 Scorpion 20
900 Exchequer .. "30 700 Sierra Ner ... .70
20O Justice ...... 13 400 Union Con . . 92
200 Ophir 5 62>i| 800 Yellow Jacket. 21
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes ....... 331 100 Mexican .....2 83
200 Best & Belch.2 00| 400 Ophir ..,.:... 5 75
100 Caledonia ... 74| ICO Overman SO
200 Con C & Va.l S0| 150 Scorpion 21
S0O Con Imperial. 031 600 Sierra Nev .. 72
200 Exchequer .. 30| 600 Union Con .. 04
200 Julia .... 091 200 Yellow Jacktt 22
400 Kentuck ' .... 04| ;
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Paotfla
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia ... 74' 100 Mexican 3 85
100 Con C A Va.l 75t 300 Mexican ,,,.,}{j
10O Con C A V.I 77HI 100 Scorpion ..... 20
100 Con C & Va.l SO 100 Sej? Belcher .. 14
• 600 Crown Point. 16 100 Seg Belcher . . ' 13
100 Exchequer ¦•• 29 300 Union Con .. 93
2200 Justice ..;... 13 300 Yellow Jackst. 21
200 Mexican 2 80 .-
Afternoon Session.
10O Andes 31J 200 Sec Belchtr... 12
100 Mexican ...2 32^1 100 Sierra Ntv... W
150 Ophir B 73|
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on - the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1300 MacNamara . 22 1 200 Ton BolmonL. 74
?00 MacNamara . 21{ 500 Ton Belmont.. 73
1000 MacNamara . 20(1800 Ton Midway . 39
200 Mont Ton...l 47*41 900 Ton Midway.. 40
300 Ton Belmont. 75|
Afternoon Session.
6000 MacNamara . 20 100 Ton Belmont.. 73
6100 MacNamara . 21 2200 Ton Belmont.. 72
1500 Ton Belmont. 75
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. April 22—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask.l , ' Bid Ask".
Alpha 07 OOfJustlce 12 r?
Alta ......... 07 09|Kcntuck 03 ot
Andes 32 .VHKeyes Graes... — l CO
Belcher .;.... 30 S^iLady Wash .. . Ofl
Best & Belch. 1 95 2 00j Mexican 2 30 •» 3.-.
Bulllon ...... 10 11 1 Occidental ..^ S3 «
Caledonia .... 72 73IOphlr ..6 62U 5 rv
Challenge Con 23 25|Overman ...'. ¦ sn 1 40
Chollar 23 251 Potosl ........ .20 «i
Confldence ...1 CO 1 05| Scorpion ' ' *>f> <«
Con C & Va.1 75 1 . 80) Savaso :......-. 43 4",
Cob Imperial. 02 OUJSeg Belcher .. 13 i'r>
Con NY Ki CSiSlerra Nev .. 60 7i»
Crown Point. 15 16ISilver Hill .. 3o.~G»
East Sierra N OS. — ISt r.ouis ... 10
Eureka Con.. — SOjSyndlcate .... 04 • m
Exchequer ... 29 SOjlinlon Con .. JH> m
Gould & Cur. . 23 30 ITt»h i« it
Hale A Norc. 75 SI Yellow Jacket "T •«
Julia OS CJ ' ~ *"
• ' TONOPAH MINES.
•>, ¦ Bid.Ask.t - Bid As!f
Colehan - — r W! Rescue ...".... 06 n.i
Esperanza ... — 01 [Ton Belmont.. 72 7 i
Gipsy.. Queen. — .TOITon & Cal.... 10 _
Gold Anchor. IS 25|Ton Exten . . «8
Gold. M- Con.- — . lOjTon FractWh.V — .TO
Hannapah ;.. 10 — |Ton of Nev, 9 00 II fu
Hannapah M. 10 — iTon N Star. . T«>
Little Ton .. 20 40;Ton Midway.. 3S M
MacNamara . 20 21 Ton &S Lake "0 —
Mont Ton .;1 43 1 47Vi Ton Superior ' Mi
Paymaster .. ¦ C8 West End * "1
Ray & OBrien- 03 10 idfeggjftgg-'i
Joseph Schweitrer (owner) with Herman H.
Bergfeld and Chris Schweizer (contractors),
— — — , architect — All. work for a four- room
frame cottage on lot on E line of Edinburgh
•treet, 125 S of Brazil avenue; $1400. -
Daniel J. and Katherine T. - Buckley (own
ers) with C. P. Moore (contractor), j architect
J. E. Krafft — Carpenter, masonry, concrete,
mill and stair work, lathing,'plastering,'gal
vanized Iron, glass, hardware and r window
guards for a two-story and basement residence
on lot on N line • of . Washlneton street. 153:9
W of Buchanan. W 25:3 by N 127:6: $8575.
Same owners with - Fink- & - Schlndler Co.
(contractors), architect same— Hardwood . fin
ish, wainscoting, cornices, -celling, . beams,
doors, mantels, bookcases, etc., for came on
same; (2459.
6&me owners with James E.Britt (contrac
tor), architect same — Sewe*lmr, plumbing and
gas fitting for same on eame; $1500.
¦ Clara M. Eawyer (owner) with J. M. Rob
ertson (contractor), architect J.R. Miller — All
work except . painting, . heater pipes and • gas
fixtures for a two-story frame building on lot
on — corner of Sunset and Belmont avenues;
f5460. > - - . ¦ ¦ * • ¦ ...
Jane Coll In eb (owner) with- .Petterson ¦&
Persson (contractors), architect iCharles H.
Skldmorey-AH work for a two-story frame
building (four flats) on lot on E line of .Bryant
avenue, 150:6 N of Twenty-third street, N
34:6 by E 100, Mission Block 147; $7370.
Otto Koch (owner) with John T. Mclnnis
(contractor), architects O'Brien & Werner —
AH work excer>t painting, parlor mantels, gas
fixtures and Bhades for a three-story frame
building on lot on NW corner of Sanchez and
Elizabeth streets, W ICO by N 24:0, Home
stead Association 137; $6878.
Charles B. Hansen (owner) with -A. J. Mc-
Nlcoll- Elevator Company (contractors), arch
itects H. Gtllfuss & Son— Elevator work for a
four-story brick building on lot* on W corner
of Second and Silver streets, NW 70 by SW
90: $1700.
Builders' Contracts.
Martha J. C3r<>y to C. A. Maglstra. lot on
W corner of Rose and Arlington streets, NW
75 by SW 80. lot 10, Jones Addition to Fair
mount; $350. - . '
Maria.. I,. Roach to Clement F. ! and Lu-
cretla Buttle, lot on NW corner of Felton and
Gambler streets, W 120 by N 100. block 145,
University Extension; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Elis
abeth Lynch, lot in Cemetery; $235.
Mary H. Kllllnger to Anna P. Greer, estate
of John S. Hittell; $10. .
Theodore 11. and, Theodosla I Hatch and
Richard M. Brangon to Sarah R. Shaw, lots
12 to 14, block 457. Bay View Homestead; $10.
Joseph and Jacoblna Buhllnger to George
and Elizabeth J. Buhllnger, lot on BE line of
Lisbon street. 250 NE of Persia, NE 25 by SE
100. lot 3. block 28, Excelsior Homestead; $10.
E. Tnilrins lot on SW line of Decatur street.
11*5 SB of Bryant. SB 25 by SW 60; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Victor
Englnger, lot on NE corner of Twentieth end
Harrison street*. N l!0S by K U00; $ . .
John II. and Ellen O Orady to J. T. Bloom
fleld. lot on SE corner of Fifteenth and York
Areets. K 65 by S 75; $10.
Heal Estate and Development Company to
Grant B. Shipley, lot on SW corner of Nine
teenth and Missouri streets, N* 1'5 by-W 100;
grant. '¦
Thomas, or Thomas Farrell Jr., to Pletro
Delplano, lot on NW corner of Ninth and
Point Lobos avenues, W 45 by N 100; $10.
Bay District Land Company (corporation) to
Dennis W. Hyan. lot on W line of Third
avenue. 325' N of A street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Albert Meyer, to Joseph J. Matheson. lot on
K line of Nineteenth avenue, 200 N of I street,
N 25 by E 120; $10. —
Katherlne M. Ball to William Kollirann, lot
on K line of Fifth avenue. 65 N of I street,
N 25 by E »3; $10.
Same to Josephine Ooerl ( wif a et Fritz), lot
on SE corner of Forty-fifth avenue and K
street. E 140, 8 100. W 20, S 200, W 120, N
200; J10. - j
Kate C. Millar to John A. McGrt.i lot on
W corner of Unadtllo and Miguel streets. SW
K0 by NW 103:6. lots 55 and- 50 Ban Miguel
Homestead; also lot on SW line of Fourteenth
avenue, 275 BE of P street, SE '25 by SW 100,
block 291 O'N. & II. Tract; also lot on W
line of Seventeenth avenue. 1X6 N of California
¦treet. N 52 by W 120; $10. ¦ 1}
State of California, - by Edward J. Smith,
Tax Collector (property assessed to K. J. Gil
bert) to Edward and Catherine Ix>que, * lot
21, block 0, • Sears Subdivision, West End
Map 2; $43.
James E. Damon .to Alfred Bothe, lot on &W
line of Twentieth avenue, 250 NW of J street,
NW 50 by SW 100, block 402 South San Fran
cisco- Homestead and Railroad Association;
grant.
TVILL BOON KNOW HIS FATE.— The
case of . Ernest Alexander, ex-policeman,
charged with accepting: a bribe of $2 60 from
L>ulu Wilson, alias Mamie L.tnn, will pro to
tho Jury this mornlng.'< Alexander denied all
Hie allegations with the exception of taking
the $2 U>. which he cald she gave him for
drink* and cigars. Counsel addressed the Jury
and the closing argument will be 'made by As
sistant District Attorney Ferral this raornine.
LOS ANGELES, April 22.— The right
of the California frultraiser to route
tho shipments of his product over
whatever line of railway he may
choose waa argued pro and con by
counsel before Judge "Wellborn in the
United States District Court here to
day. The question is involved in the
settlement of the suit of the Inter
state Commerce Commission against
the Southern Pacific, Santa Fe and
Pacific and Southern California Rail
way companies, brought to enforce the
order of the commission of 1902 which
gave the shipper the right of routing
his own product.
The local shippers contend that^they
hav«* the right to designate over*what
connecting line their shipments shall
be sent, after they reach the Eastern
terminus of the lines of the # above
named companies. The defendant com
panies deny this and assert thelr^privi
lege to route the shipment over what
ever connecting line they choose after
the shipment has been consigned to
their care.
Several arguments were made to-day
by counsel for both parties in the con
troversy, after which 'Judge Wellborn
took the matter ,under advisement.
Court Hears Arguments in
Interstate Commerce Case
and Withholds Its Decision
The Kern River field theeastern
margin of the'San; Joaquln Valley, has
a "present productive area of about
three and a half square miles.- The
wells in this field vary In depth from
600 to 1200 feet. . The oil sand "in the
center of the field,' so asserts the State
mineralogist,' is : 850 feet thick. The
great and costly pipe line,' that extends
nearly 300 miles, to deliver oil at Point
Richmond, on the bay of Sari Francisco,'
Is a striking evidence of the confidence
that the Standard Oil : Company, has In
the amount- of^ petroleum : yet to be
drawn from this great mass of oil
sand. .The extensive refining plant that
the Standard Oil Conipany . has created
at Point: Richmond," at a cost of not
less .than; $1,000,000, is another pointer
In the same direction. ,
Of the other oil fields . in . the county,
the Sunset* is in '. the southwestern sec
tion,; on the eastern' slope of the j Coast
Range ; 'the McKittrick ' is in the west
ern portion of - the county,. on~ the'oast
slope of the Coast ' Range, arid ;' about
six miles/ east from . the ':, San , , Luis
Obispo County line. The. Midway ; is ; in
the southwestern part of ..the county
also, on the eastern slope. of the 'Coast
Range. ; In these^ districts; many wells
have. been drilled; and. pipe", lines have
been established to convey : thfe product
of the dwells '¦ to : the cars for, transporta
tion. In Kern County there are 129 res
ervoirs that ' have -a {combined ; storage
capacity \6t ; 5,571,100 "; barrels,: and '', 214
tanks * that can; store I an additional
4,292,150 -barrels, v. These facts are
(brought" vout" ' clearly .and- concisely
InVNthe • : Kern: County //register
that ? the State" ' mineralogist ; has f j ust
prepared. * With ¦ . the 7: official •¦ ; sanction
that they,": rriake good ; ad
vertising rniaterialj for i Kern- County.
¦ ¦¦, Incidentally^the : State] mineralogist,
seeing^ that ? the register,; may": be '¦ used
to 'Kern's /advantage,';^ includes*, some
statements ; that ¦; ar.e not "->-. related ;\to
mining,' -.but"; are of Interest/ The *as T '
sessed , ; to -Kerri"- County ? in
1303 '•> was I j $.24,050,871. ; > Manuf act'urlnff
SQUARE : MILES IN OIL.
Much general knowledge has been
imparted during the lasti few years by
the daily press relative " to the oil
fields of Kern County. Their fame has,
to a lare extent, obscured the solid
merits of the other mineral sources of
wealth of Kern County. It is hardly
necessary to repeat what has been
written about the oil fields; yet a brief
statement deserves space in this con
nection. The most Important field in
California, in present production Is the
Kern River field. .What it has yielded
Is a very small part of what- it is
known to contain in petroleum. Unlike
gold, which is always sure_ of being
marketed at' a profit, allowing ; It to
have been produced at not excessive
cost, petroleum, while it has created
for itself a greater demand constantly,
has, nevertheless," beeV so necessary to
several large interests that they have
managed to depress the market rates
for their own purposes,, so that many
full wells have not been operated/ and
nothing like the possible output has
been recorded' in any year recently..
The most productive gold mine In
California south' of .the Tehachapl Pass
Is the Yellow Aster, in the Randsburg
district. This ranks with the promi
nent mines in any portion of Califor
nia. It operates 130 stamps. The
Stringer district is near the Randsburg
district. There are productive mines in
the Mojave district. Gold mining is car
ried on also at Amalie, Caliente, Keyes
ville, Woody, Isabella,' Rosamond, Hav
ilah and Kernvllle.
In minerals Kern County stands first
in California 'as a producer of petro
leum, second in the annual production
of all combined mineral products and
fifth in its ykeld of gold. Among the
minerals that it has riot yet sufficiently
exploited to figure largely In a com
mercial way are Iron, coal, lead, mica,
salt, borax, graphite, antimony, • fire
clay, marble, sulphur and . building
stone.
FIRST FOR TETROLEUM.
Kern County forms the subject of a,
very interestine publication that has
Jus^ been Issued. by. the State Mineralo
gist of California. Kern County yield
ed In mineral values $3,481,926 in 1902,
as estimated by the mineralogist. Pe
troleum made a large proportional
showing In the total. The oil wells get
credit for turning out 9,777,948 barrels
of oil, which was worth at the market
rate then obtaining $1,955,585, and it
was sold for that sum presumably.
Close to the, petroleum total in value
came th» gold production,' which' is
given at $1,165,982. Asphaltum was pro
duced to the Amount of 10,150^ tons and
to the value of $101,500. Lime brought
In $80,856 for 99,360 barrels; silver, $99,
135; copper, $27,122 for 235,840 pounds;
brick clays, $24,500; fullers' earth, $19,
246; gypsum, 1000 tons, $S0O0.
Only three counties In California are
larger than Kern. ( It ha3 an area of
8159 square mifes. The State Mineralo
gist attibutes to it "greater variety and
contrasts of topography, geology, cli
mate and resources than any other
county in California." Its eastern and
southern portions contain the southern
end of the Sierra Nevada Mountains
and the junction of the range with the
Coast Range at Tehachapl. Its west
ern boundary is along the summit of
the Coast Range. The southeastern
slope of the Sierras and a large portion
of the Mbjave desert are included in its
southern part. The upper end of the
San Joaquln Valley makes, up about
one-third of the total area. Trie county
Is thus seen to Include slopes of two
mountain ranges,- a large and fertile
valley plain and an arid desert region.
All these contrasting regions contain
much mineral wealth. On the Slerrah
slopes, amid forests and streams, are
important quartz mining districts. In
the valley-plain, near Bakersfield, is
the Kern County oil field, known all
over the world for its great richness in
petroleum. On the eastern slope of the
Coast Range are the Sunset and-Mc-
Kittrick oil fields, which are very pro
ductive. The foothills of both the
mountain ranges in the county abound
In minerals which are commercially
utilized. One of the prominent gold
fields of the State is at Randsburg, on
the desert. Other gold districts are de
veloping , on the desert side of the
Sierras.
: >vThc Black Oak mine, at Soulsbyville
has ; been increasing . its force and will
soon be full handed, . • I- ..._-L_^
' A landslide, is reported to have car
ried ; away the : mill," concentrators ; and
air. compressor t^t the Wagner; mine in
the Coffee Creek: district, Trinity
County. V
'The -Downievllle; Messenger reports a
rich strike in the Mabel Mertz .mine,
eight miles. from Downieville. , - :
; A dredger with capacity, of 2400 yards
a; day; will; be' placed nine". miles south
of Hombrook, Siskiyou County;- by La
Shells & Kolb. . , , \
Several, new locations have i recently
been made in Mariposa County, in the
Quartzburg district, near. Hornitos.
It Is .reported that the old Tower
mlne'-at Benton, . Mono County, will
resume. ;
• Sluicing will probably begin about
May . 1 Vat the Mameluke Hill hydraulic
mine in El Dorado County. -
SLUICING IN EL DORADO.
Randall^ & Forden of Los Angeles
have bought the Billy Mack mine on
the Arizona side of the Colorado River,
near Empire Flats, about fifty miles
below ' the Needles. The price is *re
ported to have been 551.000.'
The Los Angeles Herald disputes the
figures given out by the California Pe
troleum Miners' Association in refer
ence to the output of certain California
oil districts last year. The Herald says
that the product of the Whittier and
Fullerton fields was underrated and
that in the Los Angeles district "the
number of ¦ wells given is said to, be
nearly double the actual number."
The recent reports of new and im
portant gold discoveries in Trinity
County call to mind the fortune of a
former San • Francisco newspaper man
In the same district. Two years ago
Hugh Hume went into Trinity County,
and after an examination of some
properties got control , of three full
claims near Carrville. The expenditure
of time, , labor and money uncovered
large mineral deposits with. free mill
ing ore of good 'value. There is . an
abundance of timber, and a . never. fall-
Ing supply of water on the claims.
More than $175,000,000 in gold have been
taken out of. the ¦" placer mines in Trin-.
ity County. It is supposed Trinity
County will be as much noted for Its
quartz : mines .as it has been for its
gravel deposits. ,
The Maryland Mining Company, bo
says the Nevada County Miner, has
given _an extension of a bond on its
property to Boston parties. :->"v
The first clean-up of the new twenty
stamp mill of the Bunker Hill* Consoli
dated mine, near Amador City, Is re
portedj by the Amador Ledger^ to have
given an- average for the month's run
of $6 -a ton.
The Modesto Herald reports that
the hydraulicking operations of Doollt
tle. and his associates will soon begin
at Patricksvllle, near La Grange.
According to the Placer Herald, there
Is a good chance for a boom in the
Ophir district. The opening of the
Three /Stars mine has been followed
by activity at the Gold Blossom, which
has been bonded to parties headed by
Waymire of Alameda.
SOOX TO HYDRAULIC.
The Nome , News says that six
dredgers will be Installed in the Tan
ana country by the Fairbanks Gold
Mining and. Dredging Company, a cor
poration that is capitalized for $1,000,
000. The company will also operate
river steamers on the Tanana. "There
are now 2000 men in this part of the
country," says the News, "and every
day brings more travelers." Of the
six dredgers that have been ordered
in San Francisco, two will be placed
ori Fairbanks, two on Pedro and two
bn-.Cleary Creek. Mining is very ac
tive in. these localities. \ , Fairbanks
Creek has been the banner creek. for
the section since that part of the coun
try has been opened. \ The trail be
tween Fairbanks and Circle City on
the Yukon is thronged with teams
drawing large loads of supplies and
machinery. The same paper saya that
the prospects are good at Anvik, but
not much gold has yet been taken out
there.
A' dividend of 5 cents a share has
been declared by the Kennedy Mining
Company. Grading for forty additional
stamps has been ordered.
The Grass Valley Union says that a
big shaft will be sunk on the Lamarque
mine.
Kern River, rising in Tulare County,
has a catchment area of 2323 square
miles. It supplies S00 miles of canals
and 3000 miles of side ditches with
water. An artesian belt twenty by
fifty miles in extent, has numerous
wells that irrigate thousands of acres.
The valley lands of Kern are made
very productive by the irrigation sys
tems. A quarter of a million acres of
rich,- alluvial lands have been formed
by the deposits from the Kern River.
There , are 2,800,000 acres of wild pas
ture land in Kern County; there are
500,000 acres that can be irrigated by
artesian wells and pumps. In the ther
mal belt are produced semi-tropical
fruits. The orchards existing are 2500
acres in extent; there" are 7000 acres
in Indian corn and sorghum. The pic
ture of this wonderful mineralized
county is amplified by the statement
that it markets pomegranates, figs,
olives, raisins, almonds, oranges, lem
ons, all sorts of berries and melons,
apricots, pears, plums, peaches, nec
tarines, apples and vegetables of every
sort— all of its own production.
KERX RIVER'S BASIN.
industries thrive because of the
abundance of cheap fuel in easy reach.
Two trans-continental railroads pass
through Kern. There are two electric
power systems In Its boundaries, to
supply electric light, and water com
panies, factories, etc., and a plant will
furnish electric power from Kern
River to Los Angeles, More horses and
cattle are found to be shipped from
Kern County than from any other
county in the State. Kern boasts 100.
000 acres of alfalfa land and 60.000
head of cattle are imported annually
to be fattened. The county had, ac
cording to the latest returns of the
County Assessor, 100,000 head of cattle.
200,000 sheep and goats, 15,000 horses
and mules, 30,000 swine. Bakersfleld,
the county seat, has all modern im
provements and is a picturesque and
pleasing city with a great business fu
ture. I
QUESTION IS SUBMITTED
Shippers Reserve Privilege
of Eouting Over Railroads
That They May Designate
Mineralogist Says 'Region Famous for
Oil Fields and desert Gold Mines
1 Is Remarkable for Its Resources
FRUIT GROWERS
ASSERT RIGHTS
KERN COUNTY MINERALS
OFFICIALLY DESCRIBED
THE SAN FRANGISGO ;eALEMSATURDAY f :'APRIi:: 23, v 190^.
Continued From Faffc Fifteen.
COMMERCIALNEWS
14
ROOMS TOR IIOCSEKEEPPG —^ OM .r '
OAK. 894. corner Scott— Two newly furnished,
•unny rooms; bath, laundry; no children.
KIXTH ave., 7<>0. nr. Chutes— Three unfur-
nt*?i«»d room*, close to G. G. Park; for house-
kffi'iru;-: ?H* a month. _________
VALENCIA. 1191 — 2 or .1 sunny unfur. honse-
housckp'g rmp.. bath:t!2:call Sun. reference.
CHE-iPLST and bert in America— The Weekly
call io papey. pent to any address In the
I.nitVq States or Canada «oe >f»r for SI.
" APAK7KEHX HOUSES.
A— CORDOVA AFAHTMEXT8
Will be finished March 18.
1064 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKTW 8T.
Beautifully light and eunny; 2-3-4 rooms anj
bath each; all unfurnished; $27 t>0 to *40.
Make reservations now.
CT. CECILi: 113 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection tn elegantly furn. *-roon»
apartments-; priva te baths, steam heat. «Iee-
trlc lights elevator. r»s ran*e»: ?30 to Hi.
ET! LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-8
re«m«: bIss sinrle; furnished or unfurnished;
fnnrlne view refe—>n<»e«. Phone Kayt 135ft
BOOH!) TO l,i:T— Kurn. nnd CnfnrB.
AURORA, ccrr.er Second and Folsom st?. — New
J.OUFP. new furniture; every room outside;
modern and — inny; prices from $1 80 P*r
— eek up; this is the on'.y up-to-date house In
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSY.'ICK House. 14S Sfxth «.— Rooms
S5c to Jl per night, $1 25 to (5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT 'The Almonte." *T3 Market Ft. «or No. 1 |
Fifth rt.>— Roon— . 25o, 50c. Jl. $1 50 night;
tl BO to glO week: house open all night.
A NEWLY rurnished eunny front room, suit-
able for man and wife; also single rooms for
temiemen. 312 Mason ft., near Gesry. j '
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 13G4)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, ging'.e: also unfurnished, j
CX.IFTORD, U04 Kllie, cor. Mason — Elegantly !
furn!?he<S sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS <The). 61S Post. nr. Taylor— Just .
epened: desirably located; 6unny single rooms
and suites, with private baths, hot and ccld
water, rtesm heat, electric lights, phone every
room: elevator. Phone East 1317 if desired.
ELLIS. 611 — Nicely furnished, sunny front ;
—:;:•. alto single roome. Phone Sutter 3C71. j
FIFTH, 24— FurnlEhed rooms. :
J"OR »inc»e gentleman, in private home (no !
othe; roomers), a large, sunny, fusnished j
room, with bath adolning; 4 blocks from j
j>ark entrance «nd 3 blorks from panhandle, i
AddrerM box 2K24. Call offtce. j
PULTON. 303— Front sunny room for • two i
pe ntlrmer. : rent reasonable. j
GEARY. 4C. oor. Mai>on— Furnished rooms for j
pentlemcn, ?2 por week and upward.
GFARV. CCO — Newly fur. turny front rms. ;
homelike, piano, baths, kitchen: other rms.
GEARY, OSS— Newly furnished euile, $5 per
week; cerrtlemen only. '
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 85c j
to »1 25 nlcht; $1 50 to $0 wk. ; reading-room. |
GRANT ave., 7— Nicely furnished, sunny rooms !
•uitable for two; $2 50 to JS week^ J
HARRISON. 784'., near 4th— Finely furnished j
eunny rooms; bath; homelike; $1 week u;.. :
HATES, 1 CS i_ —Nicely furnished suite of
rooms, convenient for 2 gentlemen; bath, gas.
JiAYKS. 4M — Bay-window front room and |
kitchen; l«tth. cat; private family. ;
MARKET. ir;44. opp. 7th — Furnished eunny j
rooms on first floor, ruitabie for offices; bjel- ,
ness location; rent reasonable. I
MISFION, 1228— Large, front. 6unny. furnished {
bay-window room; ladles; prtv. family; refs.
ItOYAL Iloufe. 12« Ellis— Incandescent lights,
r« jsdirg-room. emoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per nljrht. SSc to $150; week. (2 ¦
to $8: month. I* to S3o; elevator on ground i
floor; room* with hot and cold water; baths, j
BTOCKTON House. 41 Stockton t>t.— Nicely I
turn, suites, also single; SI SO. $2 U0, J8 week. |
SWELL 2-rouni apartment; ail conveniences. |
Box 1«9G. Call. j
IHE ST. KATHRYN. N.E. cor. Lesvenworth
and Ellis — Sunniest rooms in the city; new i
hctel; Jurt furnished freuh end clean; hair j
mattresses In every room; also hot nnd cold '
water, baths, etc.: -team heat throughout; •
ele\ ator Fervice and every modern conveni-
ence; Tocme from $3 per week up.
UNITED FTATKS, 123 F.ddy, near Market — 400
rootns. 35c to $1 r.Ul.t. (1 75 to $6 week; elec- J
trie llghty mo cast, running water in every t
room: elevator. ~* ad. -room: free bus; baggage, j
UNFt'RNISHKD rooms, suitable for cress- J
making ladies' tailor or light manufacturing. ;
Apply A. ROY HARRISON, 140 Geary et.
VAN NESS ave.. 813 — Elegant front parlors
and adjoining suite fcr office or club.
VAN NESS, 1314. rTr. Sutter— Exceptionally
desirable. Funny front alcove and single
room; newly furnished; modern conven-
iences; private; references.
WEBSTER. 1_2S— A room to let.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Sd ft., near Market—
Moet convenient and respectable; 700 rooms:
Sr>c to $1 60 night: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. light.: reading-room; free bus: baggage.
WOLF Hou«e. 2<T2 Sixth — Electric lie fit in every
room: ISc to SI a eight; 75c to $S a week;
open all rileht: convenient to all cars.
•KDVERTISEWENTS. FubscriptJons received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church _ts.
A 'BRANCH ofnee of The Call for th» reception
cf sdvertis— rw»nt5 and subscriptions ha* been
opened at IOCS Market 6t.. epposite Fifth.
Open ur.til 11 d. n.
ROOMS A\l> BOARD.
edg^m_HTe^7iot__lT^^~^~^^'
731 Eu.h «.. above Powell: select flrcl-
dac? residential hotel; elegantly furnished
«nd table u-surpa*i_ed: electric light; .team
heated and private exchange telephones In
every room; ter— i«> reasonable.
'; B. DO CARPE. Prop.
SOMETHING NEW!
Rooms end table board.
Cooking, houre. appointments, finest.
Terms reasonable: limited number.
1103 Turk et.
HOTEL BALTIMORE,
1018 VAN NESS AVIi, NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FrRST CLAPS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
HOWARD. MIA — First-class board with room,
rlr.gl- or double. $S~$8 week: American fam- j
llv; home cooking; hom» comforts; piano. ¦
3-OTEL ELSMERE. 418 Sutter— Sunny suites,
eir.gle rms.: excellent table; moderate prices.
VAN NEf-S eve., 1714— Elegantly furnlrhed
-ulte;i. — ith baths: also single; homelike.
ROOMS A\D BOARD WAXTED. !
BOARD end eulte for one; private family; vl-
ctntty of park preferred; $40. Address, with
references, box 1352, Call o.qce.- ;
TWO housekeeping rooms, basement. In ex-
chasge for painting and papering. 3867 26th.
FROPOSAJL9.
rNIVEREITY of California. Berkeley. Notice
to contractors, builders and material men
Kotlc* is hereby given that sealed bids are
solicited, for performing the labor and fur-
. r.lihinK the materials for the granite and
; brick **ork for California Hall on the grounds
r>f the University of California at Berkeley
! California, end esid bids will be received at
the office of the Regents, South Hall, Berke-
. ley, at or before 12 o'clock m. cf April
twentyflflh, 1304. Plans and epecincations
of said granite end brick work have been
adopted and may be examined dally at office
of the Regent* from 9 a. m. until 4pm
Ko bids will be considered unless accom-
panied by a certified check or bond of bidder
In favor cf the Regents of the University of
California, equal to ten (10) per cent of his
Md with euf&clrnt sureties, conditioned that
!f cald bid be accepted, the bidder will duly
«nter Into a proper contract to faithfully
perform the duty and obligations in accord-
ance with said bid and with the plans and
specifications which are hereby required to be
a part of — ich contract. The right to reject
«ny and all bid. is hereby reserved. By or-
der of the Committee on Grounds and l*ui!d-
ln;— of the Board of Regents. V. H. HEN-
DERSON. Acting Secretary.
UNIVERSITY of California. Berkeley— Notice
to contractors, builders and material men
JCotloe is hereby given that sealed bids are
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for the Superstructure
of the central power plant on the grounds
cf the I "niverBity of California at Berkeley
< % _li:orr.la, and said bids wilt be received at
the office of the Regents, Eoutb Hall, Ber-
keley, at or before 12 o'clock m. of April 28,
1904. Plans and specifications of said super-
structure of the central power , plant have
been adopted end may be examined daily at
office of the Regents from » a. m. until 4 p.
in. No bids will be considered unless ac-
companied by a certified check or bond of
lidder,. in favor of the Regents of the Uni-
versity of California, equal to ten (10) per
rent of his bid with sufficient sureties, con-
ditioned that if said bid be accepted, the
bidder will duly enter into a proper contract
to faithfully perform the duty and o_IU-a-
ttons In accordance with eaid bid and with
ihe plans and specifications which are here-
by required to be a part of such contract.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
niilldlr.es of the Board of Regents. V. U.
HENDERSON, acting secretary.
V. S. ENGINEER Office. Flood bntldlnr. San
FrenciBco, Cal.. April 21. 1904. — Sealed pro-
po*als for dredging tn San Pablo Bay. Cat.
will b* re*"*-lved her* until 12 noon, Tuesday,
May 24. ltMVf. Information on application.
W. H. HEUER, Lieut. Col., En«T»- .X
I PKOPOSALS — ConUnned. -¦ "
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage— De-
pot Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Mont-
gomery «., San Francisco. Cal..' April JO.
1904.— Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be
received at this office until 10 o'clock a. m:.
"Wednesday. May 4, 1SKM. Pacific standard
time and then opened, for furnishing, at
either Philadelphia. Boston. Chicago or Fan
Francisco depots,' of dresa caps, hat numitrf,
hat letters hat cords, wool etockinps, black
calfskin Fhoes and russet marching ptioei>;
also for furnishing, at the New York depot.
O D. covert cloth. O. D. serge. O. D. last-
Ing and O. D. shirting flannel, all to conform
to standards and specification* ; quantities to
be subject to an increase of 20 per cent, if
desired by the department. Preference will
be civen to articles of domectio production
and manufacture, conditions of price and
quality being equal (including in the price
of foreign production and manufacture the
duty thereon), and euch preference will be
given to articles of American production and j
manufacture produced on the Pacific Coast to
the extent of the consumption required by
the public service there. The United State*
reserves the right to accept or reject any or
• 11 propcsals or any part thereof. Informa-
tion and blsnks for proposals will be fur-'
nlshcd on application. Envelopes containing
proposals will be Indorsed "Proposals No.
S1SU. for Clothing and Equipage." and ad-
dreiwd to MAJOR C. A. DEVOL. Quarter-
master, V. 6. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
EKALED proposale will be received at the of-
fice of the Lighthouse Enclneer. Ean Fran-
rtsro, Cal.. until 12 o'clock m., standard
time. THURSDAY. May 19. 1904, and then
cpened for the construction of a concrete
base fcr a light and fog signal station on
Mile Rock, entrance to San Francisco Har-
bor. Cal.. In accordance with specifica-
tions, copies of which, with blank proposal-
and other information, may be had upon ap-
plication to Lieutenant Colonel TIIOS. I*.
HANDIIURY. Corps of Engineers, U. S. A.,
Knclneer. ' ¦
STCTTERI.VQ AXP STA3 " 1ERIX °'
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness & Market,
promise* cure If in fair health: hours 1 to 5.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Mirrl&ce licenses were Issued yesterday as
follows:
Harry E. Ehreve, 26, 3242 Eighteenth street,
and Minnie P. Miller, 20, 1061 Capo street.
Kdward C. Kenner. 23. U Manning place,
and Catherine Cannon. 22. 812 Valencia street.
Fred Kalb, 21, 942 Howard street, and Eva
Llnvllle, 24. 1U2 Howard rtreet.
Peter E. Borck, 2*. 2393 V* Mission street.
and Kstanna B. L. Tocnlssen. 27, 2503 Mis-
sion street.
Clarrnoe A. Dorsev. 32, Oakland, aad Alice
Rlpley SS. Denver. Col.
Fiank L. Al*pau£h, 30. city, and Margaret
E. Kelly. 2fl. city.
i Arthur C. Johns. 40. 14I9A Washington
street and Hattie Covert, 30, I>ockford.
Otto G. Volkmann. 26. 4036 Eighteenth
etren, and Edyth E. Parker. 24. 4036 Eight-
eenth street.
Francesco Palsrzotto, 42, 7S Glen Park
• venue, and Glusepoa Cannlrraro, 81. 7S Glen
Park avenue.
Frank Matmder. 24. 7 Wlnslow mtr^tt, and
Augusta "M. Larson. IS. IS Joy street.
Jamen W. Van Meter. 33. Palace Hotel, and
Esther M. Adams. 25, 1C15 Jackson street.
David Donis, L ¥ 4, rO5 Second street, and
Edna J. Jonw. 23, 205 Second street.
Charles E. EInfalt. 29. 45 Rausch street, and
Louise Schwarting. 20. 2355 Larkin street.
" EIRTHS-MRRIAJS-DEAm
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either'of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the eame published.
] Notices restricted Eimply to the announcement
: of the event are published once In this column
1 free of charge.
IIORX.
I BULLARD— In this city, . April 21. 1904. " to
the wife of L. V. Bullard. a daughter. j
I JAMES— In this city. April 21. 1904. to the I
wife of T. S. James, a daughter. |
i MarCASKIE— In this city. April 17, 1904. to |
the wife of James H. MacCaskle, a eon.
! MARSHALL— In Omaha. Nebr.. April 1C. 1904.
to the wl.v of William P. Marshall, a
! daughter.
; PRKNTERGAST— In this cltr. April «. 1904.
j to the wife of Maurico T. Prenterrast, a
daughter.
WELLARD— In this rity. April 8, 1904, to the ,
wife of Harry L. Wellard. a daughter.
SIARRIED.
ADGE— HENDERSON— In this city. April 21.
1904. by the Kev. George W. White, pastor
of Central M. E. <^jurch. Icadoro William
Adpe and Vivian Elsie Ilenderson, both of
Wlllits, Mer.doclno County.
I ' ¦ i I ¦
DIED.
Argens, Mary Hayes, Mary
Bridges. Mai shall C. Hennessjr KI!en
Huclmnan. Rev. P.O. lleyer. Walter
Carroll. John Huntlngton. John A.
Coilner, Jchn II. Kenneaily, Michael
Cottreil Clark T. Lynch. Catharine.
Davis, 'William .T. Meritbew. Joseph C.
Doherty, Mar-caret Pedler, Thomas C.
Epstein. Jai-ob M. Rouquet'.e. Albert
Flelsher. Wolf fiolari. I* Anna E.
Gllhooly. Thorns* Sweeney. Edward M.
Good, Henry Ward, Mary
Grant, Louis Weiss, Rosa
Hart, Thomas
ARGENS— In this city, April 22, 1904, Mary
(Mollie). beloved wife of Georee P. Argens,
and mother cf Mr». Nellie Flynn and Alfred
Argens. a native of England, aged 85 years
3 months and 22 days..
BRYDGEP— la this rity, suddenly, Aoril 22,
1904, Marshall C. dearly beloved husband of
Annie Bryd«r«, and devoted father of Mr*.
A. Wilton. Mm. K. Ritchie and Marshall J.
Urydges. a native cf Windsor, England, aged
77 years 11 months and 7 daye.
BUCHANAN— In Berkeley. April 21. 1804,
Rev. P. G. Buchanan, husband of Harriet
M. Buchanan, and father of Mrs. Ida B.
Davis and Aurustus M. Buchanan, a native
of New York, ared 82 years 6 months and
23 day*.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Trinity M. E.
Church. Berkeley. Interment private.
CARROLL— In the City and County Hospital.
April 22, 1904. John Carroll, a native of
Connecticut, aevd 34 years.
COLLNER— In this city, April 22. 1904, John
Henry Collner. beloved son of John and the
late Ellf-n Collner. and beloved brother of
James CoIUwt. a native of San Francisco,
aged 29 years 11 months and 22 days.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
COTTRELL — In the City and County Hospital.
April 22, UNH. Clark Thomas Cottreil. a
native of Baltimore, aired 43 years.
| DAVIS— In Atameda. April 21, 1904, William
¦ J., beloved husband of Alexanderina Davis,
' a native of New York, aged 78 years.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday. Asril 23, at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence. 1515 Bcnton street, Alameda. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
! DOUERTY — Near Sunol. Alameda County.
April 22. l»O4, Marsraret Doherty. beloved
wife of Edward Doherty, and mother of
Edward and Charlf* Doherty, Mrs. If.
Lavigos and Mr?. M. Scott, and grandmother
of Lillian and Harry Lavlges, a native of
County Donegal. Ireland, aged 55 years.
C7Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), April 24, at 1:30 o'clock, from her
late residence, near Sunol, Alameda County.
Interment Mission Catholic Cemetery.
EPSTEIN— In this city, April 20, 1904. Jacob
M. Essteln. beloved husband of Annie Ep-
flteln, a native of Poland, aged S3 years and
10 months. (New York papers please copy.)
C7* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the. Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the ancplces of Fidelity Lodge
No. 120. F. and A. M. Int*rment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from TMird and Townsend streets.
FLEISHER— In this city, April 21. 1904. Wolf,
beloved husband of Esther Flelsher, and
father of Cecelia Flelsher. a native of
Cracow, Austria, eged 67 years.
IT7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1525 Geary street. Interment Salem
Cemetery, bv electric car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
GILHOOLY — In this cltr. April 22, 1904. at
the residence of his parents, 1111 Potrero
•venue, Thomas.^ beloved 'Infant eon of
Thomas P. and Mary E. Gllhooly. a native
of San Francisco, aged 1 year 3 months and
22 days.
GOOD— In this city, April 2, 1904, Henry
Good, beloved husband of Annie Good, and
- father of Henry, John and William Good
and Mrs. Robert Hume, a native of Ireland,
aged U'5 years 2 months and 2 days.
GRANZ — In this city April 22.' 1904, Louis,
. beloved hnsband or Henrietta Granz, and
- beloved father of Mrs. R. Baldruch and
Charles H.. Louis E-. Arthur. William and
. Ella- Granz, and brother of Herman Grans
of Fre»ao. Cal.. a native of Saxony, Ger-
many, aced M years 7 months and 9 days.
A member of V*reln Eintracht and Amal-
Kanvited Wood-workers' International Union.
Local No. 15.
CCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday). April 24. at 2:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Cre-
mation Odd Fellows' - Cemetery. .
HART— In this city, April 22, 1904, Thomas
Hart, a native of New York, aeed 50 years.
HAYES— In this " chy, ADrtl 21. 1904, ' Mary,
d'arly beloved wife of Maurice Hayes, a na-
tive of fioutb Carolina, aged 49 years and 6
months.
' C7 Friends and acquaintances are' respect-
fully invited to attend- the . funeral to-day
<Saturday). at 8 o'clock, from the parlors
of Monaban, O'Hara A Co.. 2339-2341 Mis-
rton street, near Nineteenth, thence to St.
' Peter's ¦ Church, Alabama street, - near
. Twenty-fourth, wbers a requiem high mau
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:45 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crops Cemetery.
HENNESSY— In Petaluma, 1 April 20. . 1904,
Ellen, beloved wife of the late Simon. Hen-
nessy and sister of th« Rev. Brother Brt-
. telln and Rev. Brother Justin, and mother
of John Galilean. Mrs. Mabel McMahon,
Mm. Albert Levy and M. J. and W. J. . Hen-
nrspy. a native of Ireland, aeed 60 years. - I
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
April 23, at 9 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate
avenue, thence to St. Mary** Cathedral,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated fcr the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at ¦ 9:30 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
HEYER— In Oakland. April 21. 1904, Walter.-
beloved son of William and Kate Heyer. and
brother of Helen. Irene and William Heyer
Jr., a native uf Oakland, aged 1 year 3
months 1 and 2 days. )
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day isiatnrday), at 2 o'clock, at the
parlors of Henry Evers. 865 Washington
utreet. Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
HUNT1NGTON— In this city. April IS, 1904.
John A. Huntlngtoa. a native of Ohio.
tl^* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
Saturday), at 10:«O o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking
Company, 2o Fifth street. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by 11:30 o"clock train from
Third »nd Townsend streets.
KENNEALLY— In Oakland. April 22, 1904.
Michael Kenneall.r. beloved husband of Mary
Kfnneally, and . father of Maurice, Patrick
and Thomas Kenneally and Sister M.
Clement and Sister M. Benedlcta, a native of
Ireland, aired €8 yea™ 7 months and 24 days,
t^ Friends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
April 24. at 1 :30 o'clock, from his late resl-
dmc«, 14CS Eleventh street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where sen-Ices will be held
at 2 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery. Oakland. Please omit 'flowers.
LYNCH— In thin city, April 22. 1004, at her
residence. 2210 Stelner 6treet. Catharine
Lynch, beloved aunt of Thomas, Samuel.
William. Georee. Belle and Kate Wattson.
a native of County WIcklow. Ireland.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
MERITHEW— In Cuwrtino. near Can Jose,
Oal.. Aoril 22, 1904, Joseph C. Merlthew.
father of Mr». Norman Dunbar of . Cuper-
tino and Charles H. Merithew of Ban Fran-.
Cisco, a native of Maine, aeed 81 years 4
months and 15 days.
Cy Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence at Cup?rtlno. Interment Santa Clara
Cemetery.
PEDLEIl— In this city. April* 21. 1901,
Thomas C, beloved son of Joe] A. and Addle
II. Pedler. and brother of John, George,
Harry a>id Jo»eph Pedler, Mrs. John Sontag
and Mrs. Georcre Younsr, a native of San
Francisco, used 23 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 6391s Stevenson street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where service* will be
held at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
ROUQUETTE— In this city, April 22, 1904.
Albert Raymond, dearly belovfd *on of Jean
and Valerie Rouquette, and beloved brother
of Alice Rou<juetie, a native of Ran Fran-
cixro. iced 8 months and 18 days.
C^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
April 2*. at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
hl» raror.t*. 1U2 Seventh street, between
Mission and Howard. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, bv carriage.*
EOLARI— In Oakland, April 20, 1904, L. Anna'
K.. beloved wife of J. A. Solarl, and mother
of Harry, Ruth and Tecsle Solarl, and
daughter of Mrs. Rebecca Herlnger. a native
of Illinois, HKt-d 31 years '.> months and. 11
days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnviud to attend the funeral services
Saturday morning, April 23, at 10:80 o'clock,
at the Golden Gate M. E. Church, corner of
Park and Fifty-eighth streets, Oakland. -
SWEENEY — Entered into rest. In this city.
| April 22. I'.im. at his residence, S89 Oak
L street, Kdward M., dearly beloved husband
| of Estelia Sweeney, nnd brother of John J.
i Sweeney, a native of- San Francisco, aged
I 29 years and 11 months.
B^Notlce or funeral hereafter.
To the officers and members' of Court
James G. Blalne No. 207, Foresters of
America — You are hereby notified to attend
the funeral of our lata brother. Edwlo M.
Sweeney,' from his late residence, SS3 Oak
street, on Monday morning, at 8:45 o'clock.
J. M. NBWBEBT. Chief Ranger.
F. J. HARRINGTON. Rec. Sec.
WARD— In this city. April 20, 1004, Mary
Ward (ne» O'Brien), wife of James J. Ward,
and mother of Ethel, Frank, Grace and j
James Ward, a native of-Boston, Mass., aged
j 82 years. (Boston papers please copy.)
* C.TTriendii and acquaintances are respect- .
fully invited to attend the . funeral to-day
(Saturday), »t 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 215 Waller street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WEISS— In this city, April 22, 1904, Rosa,
I beloved wife of Jacob Weiss, and beloved
I mother of Mrs. H. Simon, Mrs. Sam W.
i Sincere of Chicago and Joseph M. Weiss, a
I native of Austria, aced 60 years and '4
| months. •
1 CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), April 24, at 10:30
o'clock, at the residence of her daughter.
CSS Second avenue, Richmond. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
| NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
- Carriages can be obtained at any hour of [
[ the day or night at Hackmen's Headquarters,
i 905 Howard utreet. Telephone, South 415.
I Orders promptly attended to.All . local handlers are reporting a very stiff
markets f or . ; Bran. Stocks are light, the de
mand ¦ • !s • keen and , there - may - be a further
advance tn prices to-day. The Northern States
are sending down none of consequence now, ; as
they : have - none to • spare.: and His even said
that they would Ulke, to draw on this market.
• - There • Is < no further i decline ¦ In -: Hay,' and f. In
f act i the- feeling li less W2ak. » as receipts are
more moderate > and » the - scarcity ¦ of I Feedstuff a
tends" to Increase' th«i demand. for,- Hay. ' .
BRAN— $20@21 ¦-' per • ton. : ¦ . " i s \ I
MIDDLINGS— $25®2S , per ton.
6HORT8^$20i©21 pet ton. -• «.-^
1 FEBDSTUFF8— Rolled Barley. $23 B0@25 • per
ton; •Oilcake ,.Meal - at 'the mill. : $29 50®3l;
Jobbing. $32 ; Coeoanut \ Cake, , - $22023 : . Corn
Meal, $30 CO031 6O: : Cracked Com.-.$31@:J2;
Mixed , Feed. ? $21022: Horse Beans. - $30®
40 per ton; 11 Broom Corn" Feed, 90c per ctl.-*. \-
IlAY— Wheat. ;$13@lfl: .Wheat and Oat, $13®
16; '. Oftt.'* $11 5O®18: ' Barley. , $tl@)13; Stock,
$10^12: Alfalfe, $10(312 50 per >ton.*i
'•STRAW— 40^76<} per b»l«.- :.
Hay] and Feedstuff s:
!<EW VORK. April 22.— No Incident In the
• <y'f news proved an lncentH-e to operations
'7i stocks and the volume of dealings declined
Buccessivcly to a point nearer stagnant.
Neither was it deur that any positive dlacour
asement t» ejaculation wan offered by the
day's news. The trading public was, how*
ever. Indifferent and almost Idle. Some of the
usually active stocks did not move at all.
while others did not open until late In tbe day.
On .the other hand there were a number of
¦pec* Hie* quoted which may remain dormant
for day* at a time. This Is a feature of the
present market. There Is no genera! condi
tion to «xirfaln th^lr movements, which must
pf traced to an Individual cause in each case.
*tTie advancing tendency of Union Pacific
proreA a sustaining Influence on the whole of
the ccneral list against the controlling Influ
ence of the rather marked depression In
United States Steel. The nelllng of the latter
had influence owlne to the common assumption
that celling from that source Is likely to crane
from «ource» well informed on the wteel trade.
Jfothinr was dlecloseyj of any specific develop
rnenu in the trade to prompt -the celling. The
rtaxnatlon ef stocks became almost complete
late to tbe day.
AT«o York Stock Market.
NEW TORE. April 22. — Close— Money on
call, easy, at 1#1 W P*r cent; ehselnc bid 1,
offered at 1V4 p«r cent.
Time loans, easy and dull: sixty and ninety
dayv. ?«4S3 per c»T>t: *lx month*. 3@3%.
Prime mercantile peper. 4ii4'i per cent.
Sterling exchange, easier, with actual busl
r.ees In banker*' bill* at $4.572504.8730 for de
mand and at M-*53f>«5 4.Nr«3S for sixty day bills.
Posted rates. $4 K>>£04 si; and $4 8S£4 SS%.
<'ommerclal bills. $1 S3%.
Mexican C d«>Ilars. '4314c
<; <\< innient bonds, steady; railroad bonds.
New York Money Market.
" Business was much better on the morning
session of the Bond Exchanse. especUlly ii
bonds, but fell off again In the afternoon. The
fluctuations were a decline In Gasjand El-ctrlc
to $62 and an advance In Alaska Packers to
SUJJ Tt-ere were sales of Hawaiian Com
mercial at $47 73#48. \
The oil and mlnlnir stocks were quiet.
The latest assessments are : Best and Belch-r
Mining Company. 10c: Coalinsa Pacific OU and
Gas Company of Hanford. 10c. delinquent May
13; Wutchumna Water Company. Vlsalla. $10.
delinquent May 7; Pioneer Water Compa.iy.
Porterville Jlj-May 7; Campbell and MorelanJ
Ditch Coraoany. Piano. $5. May 5.
}- The Ophir Mining Company haa received
$19,783 48 as net proceeds • of . the sale of six
railroad cartoads of ore. There are eight car
loads now on the way or in process of sale.
The stock of the Pacific Coast Casualty Com
pany has been added to the unlisted securities
at the Stock and Bond Exchange. There ars
2000 shares, par valu« $100- each, fully paid.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. V April 22— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. A*k.
4s or coup.. 107^108 |4s qr cp new.W4 134%
: 4s qr re*...107%l<» |3s qr coup.-.107?41C8»;
I ' ¦¦ MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
1 Ala AW 5s. — — O T Co 6a.ll9Vi —
Bay CPC 5s.l00%102 Do 5s ..... 111^112^
Cal C G 5s. — 105 Do con 5s. — 1(5.1
Cal G & E g . ' Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m & ct 6s. 81 — Om Cable 6s. — 124%
, Cal-st C39.U6%117% Pac O Im 4s. — ' »-Vi
C C Wat 5«. — 101 P E Ry 5s.l04^105
Ed L & P Cs — 130 P & C H 69.104% —
. F & C H 6s.U4 11« P Sc O R 6S.118 ¦ —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Powell-st 6s.: — 111
! H C&S 5US.100 — Sac EG&RSs. 99V, 99»1
1 Do 5s .?- - »«Ti »7H SF & SJV3s.115%11«)4
¦ Hon R T fis.108^4 — Sierra R 6s. 110 — . ;
L A Elec 5s.. — 105 8 P of A fe •
LA R^ 0« Ul "1% <«*»> W. 108
1 ! A L Co «s - - a (1010) .. .. .108 -
! Do gtd Cs. — — 3 P of C 6s
•'Do ltd to. 103 104 (1905>Sr A. 102
LAP lem 5a. 09^ — (l»O5)Sr B.102H —
-Do lem 5«. — — (1912) ..... — 115*?,
MV* MtT5».101% — ISPC 1 eg 5s. — 119ti
NRK of CCs.lO7Vj — I Do stmpd..in»Uno</3
"D6*5«'-vr.'.llfiHUT S P B R 6a.ir.H4 —
N^CRSe.105 — S V Wat 6s.lO4Vj — .
' KCRy5».l» /— ' Do 4s?dm. J»?(1W
N'C P C5s. 09 102 Do ,4s 3dm. — 1M>»;
'N^S RR 5s. — ICO BtknOAEBs.;^. VIV%
O O L&H 5S.100 IU O A. E 5». — 105 ,
i O -W gtd 5s. — . — I
! WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 37% 38%|Port Costa... — —
MaX Co... — 61 18 V Wat Co. 38% »
•; GAS AND ELECTRIC . . ' '• ¦:„
Cent L A P.'<3«i 4 JS F-G & E. 82 ' 62*i
; Mutual E L. U% 12% Stkn;a &^E. 5 — *
Pac L Co... 56 - — |U O ft E Co. — 33.
• INSURANCE,
j Flrem's Fnd. — 310 I
. RAISINS— The "Association quotes the follow.
Ing prices: Standard grades. 50- lb cases — 2
crown , Loose Muscatels. \BKo . per lb;
S-crown. B%c;'4-erown. «%c: Seedless Loots
Muscatels. 4&c; Seedless floated. 4%c; 2-crown
Malaga loose, 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose. 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached.* 4%c; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached, 5%c. Layers, per 20
lb box — 6-crown Imperial clusters.- $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters. $2 50;-4-crown fancy clusters,
$2: « 3-crown London Layers, $ I .13 ; - -: 2-crown
London Layers. $1 25; usual advance for.frac
tional 7 boxes and layers. Seeded— Fancy 16-oz
cartons, per ,1b.. 7%c; fancy 12-o» cartons, per
package. C ; J4c; fancy bulk cartons, per lb. 7%c;
choice 10-ox cartons, per lb, 7%c; choice 12-o*
cartons, ¦ per package. «Uc; • choice bulk car
tons, per lb, 7^c; 16-oz cartons, seeded Seed
lings ' ¦ Muscatels, • per lb," 7c;'. ' 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings,- Muscatels, per lb, .">"ic: bulk,
seened Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb, B^ic ¦¦•-* .
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 ' so ft shell. la^OKe;
No. 2. llU©12c; No. 1 'hardshell. 13@13%c;
No.: 2. ll©ll%o: Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa
reils/ ll%c for I XL. lie for Ne Pins Ultra
anil fl%c • for; Languedoc: Peanuts, 6@7c ¦ for
Eastern; Pecans,' 11013c: -Cocoanuts, -|4 50^5.
HONEY — Comb. 10@ll»4c for white and SVi
@9«>c for 'amber;, water white extracted. ¦&&
B'icV light "amber extracted.: 4%®4?ic; dark.
27629c perlb. .
FRUITS — Apricots. 8%®10%c for Royals and
9@12c for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples. 4li©
Be; «un-drled. 3@4%c: Peaches. 5%®7%c;
Peais Valise; Nectarines, nominal; Figs,
white' C@4c^ln boxes; black. 4',;c; Plums,
pitted'. B©7 &e per - lb. ' ¦
PRUNES— 1003 crop. 2^2 V4c for th« • four
sizes. ....
Dried F ruits t Nuis, Raisins t Honey.
Business Much Better, Especially
in Bonds.
STOCK MARKET.
Receipts of larse Strawberries were heavier
than on the preceding day. r.pproxlmatlng 19
chests, and. prices ranged lower. Some of th?
berries wtre muddy and generally unattractive
and were hard to sell even at the minimum
quotation. Longwortha were In good request
and cleaned up well at steady rates. Atjout
13- chests came. Lcs Angeles Strawberries
were offering again and sold at 7@10c per
basket. Forty-one crates wtre received. A
drawer of Raspberries from across the bay
sold at' $2 and a orate of Dew 1 Berries from
Los Angeles sold slowly at 12Vic~per basket.
'Aside from a limited demand for good, sound
Navels for xlupplng account, there was not
much doing in the Orange market and prices
of all grades were j unchanged. Sound stock
was in limited supply and was rather firmly
held, while old stock, which constituted the
bulk ' nf the offerings, was offered freely at
liberal concessions. <Dealers manifested but
little interest In the auction rooms and there
was very little sound fruit offered.. One car
of fancy Rtdlanda and six cars of poor quality,
graded as choice and standard, were sold, Red
landS selling at ?l 25@1 95. choice at 75cf
$1 30 and standard at 40&">0c. The choice and
standard had evidently . been packed a long
time, as they showed evidences of decay. The
Panama sttamer brought up »79 cases of Mexi
can Limes and 101 crates of Plneapptee, which
had not been marketed up to a Lite hour.
Otherwise there was nothing new to report. -
STRAWBERRIES — 7.">c©*l for Longworths
and 35@00c per drawer for the larger varieties.
APPLES— *t®2 25 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. SI 23<g2
for fancy 75c#$l 50 for choice and 40e®$l for
standard:' Tangerines, - 75c®«l 25- per- box;
Lemon* $2 SO&J for fancy. $1 5001 75 for
choice and $1©1 25 for standard: Grape Fruit,
SI 25(^2; Mexican Limes. (4 5005 per case;
banana*, nominal;. Pineapples, |2$3 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Weather Report.
<12Cth Meridian — Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. Ai-rll 22—5 p. m.
The following «»* the «ea»«nal rainfalls to
dj>t». o* cotr.;iared with those Of the eame
i.alc Ic*t >.af n ar:d rainfall in last twentj
loui - bx>-r»:
Li>t Th!f Last
S;.:ii-'.:^ — Ti hours. Season. Season.
Kui»k« 0.1s si.l} z<}.<n
r.»d niuar o.ss ;«».io* rt.is
Sacramento 0.03 ltt.rii 16.«i2
H»n Francisco O.M V.t.91 IS. 2*
Kifsmo Trace 7.09 s.20
lr.d«:i«ndeno 0.O0 2.57 2. .54
San Luie Obispo O.OO 15.71 1>«.43
!.<> Ahgtiu O.«K> K.5a i:».2J
Pan Dieso 0.00 4.20 11.02
THE COAST RFCORD.
\ 3 5=22 g^ I
stations. J ail§>gi eT =
r * a * 9" -i —
1 • • >•
Biker 23. !« ,TS .. N GkSoSy .07
«ar»oti 2».'.K» 4rt S2 W in.Cidy T.
Kureka SO.I« .V» :»« SW Cloudy .18
ri**no 30.02 M 40 NW Pt.rwy T.
K. B. I"arallon.a0.l3 S5 48 NW Pt.Cldy ...
KlKgraff # J».7« fMi l*i PW Clear
Pocalello 2M.72 M C2 SK Ooudy .14
Ir.flep^ndence .21*. 70 58 44 W Cloudy ...
Lot An**lf» ..2».94 «2 44 W Clear
ML Tamalpals.3O.IO 44 32 NW Pt.Cldy ...
North Head ...W.10 4« 40 S Clear .02
Phoenix 23.74 7S 42 V>' ! Clear
Point R*ye« ...SO.Ort .V» 4.» NW <Moe«ly ...
Portland 30. fW 32 3S SE Cloudy .01
R*d Bluff 30.04 00 3S NW Pi.ftidy .:«
Rc*ebcnr 30.10 W« 34 NB Oourty .10
Sacramento ..Sst.04 54 44 SW Pt.Cldy .03
Salt L&JC6 23.70 52 30 SE Ooudy ...
Ban Franclsco.30.14 54 44 W Pt.Cldy .10
6 r, Oblspo..3f».«»4 &N 4« W Cletr
San Diego ...2».ttx *?2 44 V.' Pt.Cldy ...
F*attle 3O.04 S2 40 W Pt.CMy .1$
Spokane 29.04 M S% 8\V Cloudy .04
Tatoosh 80.06 48 42 W Pt.Tldy .12
Walla Walla. .28. 8« i* 40 RW Pt.Cldy .06
"VVinnetnucca ..2».K2 42 :« NW Snow .o«
Tuma 29.76 7S 44 W Clear
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather rrevails over ths
western portion of lh» -countn-'- Light rala
bah fallen along the coast from Eureka north
ward, with llKht finow o\-er Northern Nevada.
The pressure has risen over the northern
portion of the Pacific Slope and fallen over
Arizona and Southern Nevada.
The temperature has fallen about ten de
grees over the plateau region and dlghtly
eJotur the coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
fcours ending midnight. April 23:
Northern California — Fair Saturday, except
showers on northern coast; brisk northwest
m-lnd.
Southern California — Showers Saturday;
freeti west wind.
Nevada — Light enow Saturday, with high
norttwest wind.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
fresh to brlirk northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecaster. Temporarily in Charge.
CHICAGO, April 22.— Revision of expert re
ports maklnr wheat conditions in tha South
west more bearlrh was largely lnstrumentaljn
starting heavy liquidations of wheat to-day.
July delivery closed at a net loss of %@lc.
Corn Is off %@%c; oats are down' %(§'%c, and
provisions closed practically unchanged.
'For a mliVne or.t*o at the beginning of
tradlnr in ths wheat pit there was an air. of
uncertainty. In consequence transactfons were
rather light nnd prices were about where th»y
left off yesterday,\w!th July %@V4c lower at
83i;c to 85V4c Suddenly th* market coMapsad
and a dtellne of lo or more was experienced
In all deliveries. Trading was active an-1
a general dlB'wsltlon to sell became manifest.
Reasons for the weakness which had thus
luiekly developed were various. A correction
of a crop expert's report on" the Western sit
uation as received yesterday and which was
exceedingly bullish larrely nullified the first
conception of tBe situation. Traders who
bought on th»- suppcritlon that Western Kan
sas and Western Oklahoma were the portions
of the . Southwestern territory referred to In
the report a* being past redemption had wheat
for sale to-day. The sellers had In the mean
time ascertained that the Irredeemable portion
of the Southwestern wheat ndds was confined
to Western Texas. and Western Oklahoma. A
cable 'dispatch from Liverpool stated that mil
lers were buying considerable quantities oj
Irdlan wheat for May-June shipment at thu
equivalent Of S3e a bushel. Such a contrast
with the rrictt* at which, wheat could ; bo laid
down from here had . mtich to do with tha
heavy selling pressure. In addition there was
a large increase In, Argentina shipments. No
heed wp.s.lialU to crott Uamaj;e reports from
the Chlo .-Valley, and '• Indiana.- the 'general de
sirs being to liquidate long \vh»at. Many stop
loss ordpru were cached. The only demand
came from shorts, but there was not 'suffi
cient buying from that source to cause any
Eteat rally. The market continued in a de
n:orallzecl condition the entire : semion, th3
clooe being weak. After falling off- to R4c July
closed at 84%f«84%c. May ranged between
fc7Hc and W%c and closed at 88%c.
The corn market was vtenk, partly In sym
pathy with whrat and partly, owing to liberal
Kelllntr by, the big holder of both the May and
July deliveries. Over 1. 000,600 bushels of May
were reported sold by the erstwhile bull l«ad
er. There n little firmness early. . but on
the break in wheat liquidation | of May | corn
set In. The attending decline carried the price
of July and September down with It. . There
after the market was Inclined to drag, about
the only support coming ; from shorts: i July
opened unchanged to %c ( higher at 4S%<? to
4R?ic.. sold oft to 47110 and closed at 48><^
4SV«c May- ranged between 47Vic and 40<4c.
clcslr'r with a net loss of l^c at 4Sc. ¦
Pit traders trere persistent sellers of distant
deliveries of oats due to more favorable crop
advices. AV a result of this selling: pressure
and under the Influence of the slump In wheat
and corn the market ruled weak, but the de
clines wer» not a» pronounced as In - other
grains. The principal support. ¦ came from
shorts. After opening unchanged to V>c lower
at SC%c to SrtUc July sold down to ST>%c and
Closed at 35%J?3flc.
Provisions .were ctilet and in view .< of. the
weakners In grains the .market held compara
tively steady. ' There was some selling. on a
liberal run of hogs, but , the market- received
fi».lr support from; packers' and shorts. „.••• July
nork closed down 7%c at $12 25. July lard
was a shade '« higher at <rt 7F>ff?H 77%. -' R|b«
were off a shade. at ¦$« 55. V
The leading future* ranted as follows: -* .'
1 Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
July, old ...' 80% ,- 8fli4* S4% : snvj
July, new .. 85U SS'i 84 j S4%
Pnpt.. old /.- R2% R2% ¦ .KXys, -.*-' *1%
Sept.!* new .- 81% 81% 8014 80V*
May'?. .V?J; .~~" 49K- . • 40H 47»4 *'¦¦ 48'-
July;.. .. "4«H 4H% ¦ .- 47*i 48>4
September ...! 48% 43% 47% . 4?.
Oats No. 2v- '
May ........ \ 37i; ; 30% .Tfi V t ; n«%
July ./...... 3rtV» 38«4 • X>% 3fi
September... .30% 30% 29% 30&
Mesa Pork, per barrel — .
May ... .12 no 12 0214 11 no 11 071,4
July ........12 30 ' 12 30 12 15 12 25
Lard. »er IOO pounds — ' ¦ o . . . • ¦ :
May .. .'. « r.T% ,6 57^ "* 6 H5 6 57«4
July ........ 0 75- ~: 8 791/4 0 70 « 77%
September' ";."."."". V .--->" ' .;..' 6 00
Short Ribs,* per 100 pounds— - : ,
May ........ fi.Hn " -«3K 6 SO „ « a« - '
July .:......." 55 ' "6 55 '•¦'.' 6 50 - 53
September .. 0 G5 6 67% 0 62% G. 67*4
Future Grain and Provisions.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 809
6 10 • usual terms ;¦ Bakers' Extras. $4 70® 5;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 85© 4 25
per bol.':* •' - .*•-'¦ .-. ¦-.- ¦>•"' ' j - ¦¦¦¦ ' V; ''¦/.•..
> MILLSTUFFS— Prices In : packages are as
follows:. Graham Flour. ¦ $3 60 per 100 lite:
Rye Flour, $•'» SO; Rye Meal $3 25; Rice Flour.
*7 • Corn ¦ Meal. > $3 60; » extra ? cream . do. $4 25 ;
JOa't Q-oats $4 50; . Hominy. : $4®4 25; Buck,
wheat Flour.- $4 R0i^4 75: Cracked Wheat, $4;
Carina $4 50; Whole —Wheat > Flour. $3 75:
Rolled Oats, bbts.' $7 25@8 CO; In sacks. $8 75®
B 10- Pearl Barley. . $6; Split . Peas, boxes. ; $7;
Green -Peas/ $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
v Open.- "High. ¦¦ Low. Close.
December ... »T% - . 98% 97% WV4
OATS — Buyers have at last come to the
terms et sellers and are purchasing with more
freedom and the- market is : therefore more
active," while the feeling .is firm. I Offerings of
Red are ¦ fair, - but ¦ there are < not many White,
Black or Oray-«een and the latter are largely
n °Whlte! $1 30@140; Black* $1 25@1 30; Red,
$1 25@1 »;'. Cray.- II. 32*461 37% per ctl.
CORN— PreVloun > prices ; rule, > with a quiet
and unchanged market.-
Wastern, sacked, $1 35@1 40 for Yellow,
$1 S2».4®1' 40 '¦for White . and Jl 30@l 35 for
Mixed; California large yellow. $1 3S@1 42}*-;
small round do $1 50@l 5S; White." $1 4001 45
per ctl: Egyptian/ $1 40©l 60 for whlu and
$1 27%dl 3° for brown, '•
RYE— $1 30©r32%t>er ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 ; p«r ctl.'
2 p. m. Session.
Session. 9 to 11130 a. m. '¦'.' : i A';
, Open. High. Low. Close.
December.... 97% : i 07% 97V4 »7%
• Feed. $1 lOftl 12%; Shipping and Brewing.
$1 17%<?1 20; Chevalier. $1 lSgi 20 for/ fair
to - choice.. . ¦ FUTURES /\ ¦; '
I Futures were firm in the afternoon.
The London Corn Circular says of California
Browing Barley in its issue of April 2: "Brew
ing Callfornlans point a shade easier to buy for
commoner descriptions, but the best types are
not llltely to cheapen with the evident lack of
quality arriving in new Chilean hrewlng; ship
mf-nts. On the whole the enormous Importation
of Brewing Callfornlans has \ so far arrived
fairly well up to cample, especially- the fine
anil medium qualities. Quotations run as
hcretof<ire, but there is no forcing sales en
tha part of holders. The Barley Is at reason
able value and of useful quality."
CASH BARLEY.
P.ARLEY-~-Futures continued we ak and De
cember has lately been tending downward on
better crop prospects. The cash 'grain is dull
an<V also easy, with $1 1^% os the genera^
asking price. Receipts were, large yesterday,
but It Is understood that a good portion were
en route to the Orient. - ¦< ¦ ' . - ' ' : .
Openl High. Low. ¦ Close.
Mny— No'ealen: $1 30% bid.
December. ...?1 30>,J *1 «0^ $1 SOU? $1 30 Vi
. Open." High. . Low. Closn.
May $1 !I0% $1 MiV, $1 .-.0% $1 X0U
December ... 1 30 1 30% . 1 30 1 30%
.' . y 2 p." m. Session.
. FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
California Club. $1 37%ttl 42%: California
White Australian $1 47 %»1 57%: Northern
Club. $1 356*1 40; Northern Bluestem. $1 47%«f
1 55 per ctl.
CASH WHEAT.
In this market futures followed Chicago
down, but the rash grain remained unchanged.
Futures were firmer in the afternoon.
Chicago was lc lower and fairly active, with
a koo«1 deal of liquidation. Crop reports were
bullish ¦ and indicated a' decreased acreage in
Indiana, Ohio nnd parts of Missouri by plow
ing up. Weather Indications were more fa
vorable, however. Seeding la progressing fa
vorably In the Northwist, except In the Red
River Valley, where It will be late. There Is
no Improvement In the demand .for either
Wheat or Flour. ' ' ¦¦
WHEAT— The foreign markets were easy
and ijct. materially changed. ' Beerbohm pre
dicted lighter shipments from the Argentine In
the future tand said that Liverpool was de
yressert by' cheap and liberal ' offerings of In
dian Wheat. ¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦ '
Wheat and O,ther Grains.
CHEESE — S©9c for good to choice new
and 7Q7%c for lower grades; Young Americas,
0y.@10c;' Eastern. 15@16c; Western. 14@15c
psr lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 18@10c for fair to choice, with
20c fcr large white selected In a limited way;
Store. laijlSc per dozen.
The Butter market shows no change what
ever. Stocks are still large and most dealers
quote an . easy market.
Receipts were K4.C0O 1M. Butter. 1381 cases
Eggs and 27.400 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 18@U><"
for extras and 17©17%c for firsts; dairy, lift
nV-ci store Butter. 13S14c; cold storage, nom
inal. . ¦'..
Stocks of CheefC remain about the same.
The Visual local demand and light shipments
to dirterent coast and Interior points keep the
market about steady. Oregon Is sending down
no new Cheese at present, but will resume
shipments In the course of another month when
the factories which . have been Idle for some
little time start up again for the season. That
market is Still overstocked with • old Ch«e*e,
which holders are trying to work off. but with
indifferent success. .
Receipts of Eggs dropped off sharply yes
teniay, the decr«*a"ne from the preceding day
being 074 cases, against a gain the day before
of nearly 4U0 cases. Such fluctuations in the
daily arrivals would naturally disturb the mar
ket, but there was no change apparent yestsr
day, the feeling being steady, with the demand
fair. - Storing continues on a liberal scale.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Chicago Board 1 of Trade.
Iron closed at !J2f 3d in GlaFgow and at 44«
11 %d in MIddlesboro. Locally Iron wns un
changed. No. 1 foundry Northern, $13 7-%: No.
2 foundry Northern, $14 7r>@iri 25: No. 2 foun
dry Southern and No." 2 foundry Southern
soft. ?14 25(g 14 75. ¦¦¦<;¦
$13 25@13 «2%: electrolytic. $13 121A013 25,
and castincr at $12 87Vifffl3 12%, «
Lead, steady and unchanged at $4 6OfS4 63
In the loca? market. In London It was un
changed at £12 Pa.
Spelter remained quiet at $5 2O@5 25. It
was also unchanpfd' in London. .
Silver advanced %c. No change In exchange.
The 'Bank of England rate of discount, which
en the 14th inst. was reduced from 4 to 3%
per cent, has >>. on further reduced to 3 per
rent, which Indicates a very easy money mar
ket in England.
Sterling Kxeh&nge; sixty days.... — $4 SO
Sterling Exchange, sight :. — 4 88%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New, York Exchange telegraphic. — . 13
Sliver, per- ounce.'.:..';.;... — 54%
Mexican Dollars,- nominal ........ — 43%
Exchange and Bullion.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 5%c spot and 5%e June-
July; San jQuentin. $5 40; Wool Bags. 32335c:
Fleece Twine, 7%@Sc.
COAL— Wellington. IS per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle, $C 50: Bryant. $8 50; Bea
ver Hill. $0; Stanford. $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos.
Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7: Wall-end. $7: Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 25 la
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 rmtV.
per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $11 43 per 2000 lbs and $12 80
per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallon 'for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA, $1 10@l 12: Lucol. 45c for boiled
and 43t for raw; China Nut. <>O@70c per gallon;
Coeoanut Oil In barrels. C8c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, Soc; natural winter Sperm Oil. 80c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c; natural Whale
Oil. eOc; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 75c;
No. -1 Lard Oil. «Oc; pure Neatsfoot Oil, 75c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c; light Herring Oil.
45c: dark Herring OU. 43c : Salmon Oil. 33c;
boiled Fish Oil. 40c; raw Fish Oil. 38c; boiled
Paint Oil 35c; raw Paint OU. 33c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
14c: Pearl Oil. In cases. 20%c; Astral. 20%c;
Star. 20%e; Extra Star. 24%c; Elaine, 2tt%e.
Eocene £iV.c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk. 16c: in cases, 22%c; Benzine, la bulk.
13c- In cases, 19%c; 86-degree Gasoline la
bulk. 25c; In cases, 31c
TURPENTINE — Sic per gallon la cases and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7®
7%c per lb: White Lead. 7®7%c, according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. B.BAc:
Powdered 5.50c; Candy Granulated. 5.50c;
Dry ' Gra'nulaled, fine. 5.40c; Dry Granu
lated coarse. 6.40c; Fruit Granulated. 5.40c:
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), 5.30c;
Confectioners* A. 5.40c; Magnolia A. 5c;.
Extra C. 4.90c; Golden C, 4.80c: "D,"
4 70o- barrels 10c more; half barrels. 23c more:
boxe«, 50c more; 50-lb baes. 10c more for all
kinds Tablets — Half barrels, 5.90c; boxes.
«.15c- H. & E. Crystal Domlnos, 8.40c per lb.
No orders taken for less than seventy-flve bar
rels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. APRIL 22.
Flour qr sk3 .. 5,353, Feed, sks ..... V>1*5
Barley, ctl. .... 13.2331 Hides. No 194
Oats ctls,...-. 5X11 Pelts. No. .... 235
Bean's sks 1*7! Leather, rolls .. 9i
Potatoes sks".. KULIme. bbls 273
Onions sks ... 540 Paper, reame .. 750
Bran %ks 1.1001 Win*, gals ... 40, fO
Middlings, sks.. 60 Broomcorn. bis. ISO
Hay tons .'.... 3+4 Quicksilver, flks. 4
Wool, bales ... 174|
OREGON. ,
Flour, qr «k»V. 2,91ttj
General Merchandise.
Receipts- of Poultry were light, being less
than forty coops, and the market ruled firm,
particularly for fine large young stock, which
formed but a small percentage of the receipts.
Small Broilers and Geese, which had previ
ously bean dull, moved off better and there
waa very little stock left on hand at the closer
Receipts of Game continued light and Hare
were quoted higher. All the other kinds were
unchanged. >..*¦•
POULTRY—Live Turkeys, 15@17c- per lb;
Ge»se, per pair, $1 75®2 25: Goslings, ;
Ducks. $5 60@6 50 per dozen for old and $8 50<i>
1 50 for young; Hens, $7@8 for large and
?3 50@« for small; young Roosters. $7@
S BO: old Roosters. $5@6; Fryers. $6S6 60;
Broilers., $4<S4 50 for large and $2 50<g3 for
small; Pigeons, %\ 25@1 50 per dozen for old
and Kl 75@2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Gees* 1 , $3 5004 per dozen:
White Geese. $1 50; Brant, $1 5O®3; Honkers,
$:t*4; English Siilpe. $3 G0ff4; common Snipe,
$1 50@l 75; Cottontail Rabbits, $2; Hare, $2.
Poultry and Game.
LOCAL'MAEKETS.
LIVERPOOL. .
Wheat— : , May. July. ,
Opening 0 4% tt.4%
Closing . . : 6 4U ': 0 4%
PARIS. • "
Wheat— Kf* April. Sept.-Dec
Opening 22 35 . -, 20 65 .
Closing 22 60 - 20 05
Flour — > - - .
Opening ...:... ;..... 28 30 27 80
Closing 2S 25 27 75
Condition of the. Treasury.
i. .. - . ¦ . ¦. ¦ : - ¦ -. ' ¦ ," S±
WASHINGTON. Aprlf 22.— To-day'a state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
j fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
; in the division of, ¦ redemption, shows: Avall
, able cash balance, $220,110,705; sold, $113.-
I 750,001.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, April 22.— Wool, steady. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing, lS@22c;
light fine, 14®17%c; heavy fine, 12i5 ; 14%c; tub
I washed, 20©31c. "
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. I April 22.— Clearings, $526,711;
balance*. S59.256.
TACOMA. April 22.— Clearings. $306,284; bal
ances, $32,3tfl).
PORTLAND. April 22.— Clearings, $437, 6S1;
balances, r $S0, 622.
SPOKANE, April 22.^Clearlngs, $339,635;
balances, $78,023.
Northern Wheat ; Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. April 22.— Wheat— Walla Wal
!la. 73a70c; blue stem. 81c; vallejp, 81ig83c.
I ¦ . WASHINGTON. ,
| TACOMA. April- 22.— Wheat, steady; un
; changed; blue stem. 83c; club, 74c.
The following quotations are for good, scorn!
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — 8teer9. 8©9c; Cows and Heifers,
76*c: thin Cows. 4@".c per lb.
CALVES — 494 %c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4%©5c; Ewes. 4U94%o
per lb (gross weight). -
LAMBS— $2 75113 per head.
HOGS— Livt Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 5Ti$ec;
over 200 lbs. 5%<&5%c: soft Hogs, 4%@5>4c:
Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars, 50 per cent off.
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follow?:
BEEF— 7%®Sc fcr Steers end 6@7e per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 8%69c; small, 8%@9%c per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8310c; Ewes. 8%39%a
per lb. .- ¦ . , ;
LAMB— 12%c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Ho*s, 6%©9c p«r lb.
There Is no further change to report unde*
this head. *
Meat Market.
The report of Edward A. Beals. section di
rector. United States Weather Bureau, for the
Oregon Crop Bulletin for the week ended
Ai-rll 19. is as follows:
The fore part of the wwk was eunshinv
and hoC while the latter part was ehowery
and cooler. These conditions were ideal for
advancing the growth of all crops and for the
cultivation of the soil. Fanners are still
mu.-h behind with their work and . they are
pushing their plowing and seeding as fast as
possible. Fall wheat ha.» a Rood stand and
that which was water soaked has refrained its
color. It has made a splendid growth during
the week. Iiarly upring needed wheat, oats,
barley and early garden truck have germin
ated nicely. Hops are making rapid advance
ment and the grower* are having dif&cufiy in
-keeping up with the work of twining and
training the vines.
Pasturage and Ftock are much improved;
rattle are picking up in flesh and the flow of
milk in the dairy districts has greatly in-
Vreased. In mo«t sections there Is sufficient
*rr< <-n fe«d for stock and they do not have
to be fed hay. Goat shearing is nearly com
pleted, and sheep (hearing Is becoming gen
eral. The K"at clip is about the average. The
lot* of lambs and roung cattle i? not t>o great
a; formerly estimated.
There Is a profusion of fruit bloom in all
sections of the State. Early cherries, apri
cots and peaches are shedding their bloom,
end It is expected that the youn* fruit will
««t unusually thick. There have been no dam
aging froftc and the ; ru.-;«-tf are the best
i- ¦ • .i:> for a large crop of all kinds of
OKit.
Oregon Crop Bulletin
A London rii»r«tch from Pari* yesterday
wiM that a Rusvlan loan of 37.OOti.OOW rubles
at 5 p»r cent had been Introduced on the Paris
Bourse.
A Russian Loan in Paris.
Breoc* 10 Ophir 5 25
l>unt> Con '13, Phoenix 10
Ctm Tunne! .... ca|rcutl is
Con Cal & V» - t «5! Savage 40
Horn Silver .... 1 3u|8;<-rnt Nev........ «o
Iron Silver ..... 1 IWI Small Hopes .... 15
J>Ldvillc Con ... OJ-'iMaidard 2 30
Bonds were neglected and about steady.
Total sales, fl. 80S. 000.
United State* bonda ware unchanged.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Slocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchtecn 11.300 73% 73% 73%
AUhison pfd 900 94 V3% 93%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 2.S00 79T4 "9%
Bait *. Ohio pfd »C^
I Canadian Pacific.. 7,300 118 117H 117%
Central of N Jersey 200 1C1 160% 1«O
Cheeapeake & Ohio 300 32% 32 32
Chicago & Alton... 700 38% 38 38
Chi & Alton pfd... 100 8O»4 8O»4 *»1
! Chi & Great West. 1,200 US\ 1«% 1«%
Chi & Northwestern f.00 171 % 170 171
Chi M & St P.... 24.900 145W 144% 144%
: Chi M & St P pfd ITS
! Chi Term & Trans SU
Chi T & T pfd 3»iO 19 >4 19 19
C C C & St L.... " 100 75% 75% 75%
Colorado Southern. 1O0 17 17 I6J4
Cclo So 1st prd K5%
Colo So 2d pfd.. 300 23% 23 23
Delaware & Hud.. 4.500 159% 1SS% 159%
Del Lack & West 2«S%
Denver & Rio G 20%
Denver & R G pfd. 100 70% 70»4 «•%
Erie 3.5i>0-215% 28% 2«%
Erie 1st pfd 300 tS5% OS «5%
Erie 2d pfd 200 41% 41% 41 V4
I Hocking Valley C7
Hocking Valley i>fd 100 S0% 90% 80%
Illinoln Central 400 i:w% ISoH 130Tfc
Iowa Central 100 19 19 1S%
I Iowa Central pfd..' 35
Kansas City So 1S%
K C So pfd 35
LouinllU & Nash •> 10*
Manhattan L 1.7(10 1<3».; 142\ 142%
Met Securities 500 80% 79 -78
Met St Ry 6,400 114% 113% 113%
Minn & St Louis \ 47
i M St P & S Ste M 100 61 Gl tt>%
I M S P A, 6 S M ptd 117
Missouri Pacific... 2.00ft 03% 03% 1»3%
MiFSOuri K & T... 200 17»,« 17% 17%
M K & T pfd IOO 38% 38»4 38%
Nat R R of M pfd. 100 B8H 38 *» 3SVi
New York CertrVal. 100 11«% 116% 116
Norfolk & Western 3S
Norfolk & West pfd 88
Ontario & Western 1.100 21% 21% Slv4
Pennsylvania 25.200 US 117% 117%
Pitts C C & St L 58
Reading 3.500 45% 45 45
Reading 1« pfd 78%
Reading 2d pfd «2*4
Rock Island Co 2.300 23»4 23% 23%
Rock Inland Co pf d «4
Ft b & S F 2d pfd 400 47% 47% 47
Pt Louis S W 14
Bt Luuiz S W pfd 5O0 33% 33 35
Southern Pacinc. . . 8.300 43% 4h% 4S%
Southern RalHray. 200 21H 21% 21%
Southern Ry pfd.. 100 83% &5% 85%
Texas & I'acific...' 23%
Toledo St L * W.. 100 2«*4 26% 2u%
T St L i W pfd.. 400 3S% as 38%
Vr.Son Pacific 2S><>0 R»J% *.*>% 83S
Unicn Paciflc pfd.. IOO 02% 02% V2\
Wabash 400 1,«<^ 18V4 1**%
Wcbash pfd..\ 4.300 29% 33 39
Wheeling & L E 16%
Wisconsin Central. 300 18% 19 18
Wisix.nEin Cen pr«l 4i>%
Express Companies —
Adams 224
, American .— J185
United States ; 107
Wells-Fargo «C3
MiiM^Ilaneous —
Amdgam Copper . . 3,000 49"; 4!»V t 4Jj»t
Am C»r & Fr.und.. 3OO 1*% 1*14 lsu,
Am Car & F i>M.. .%00 72 71 72
Am Cotton Oil 29^
Am Cot Oil pfd 88
Am Ice 100 7% 7% T%
Am Ice pfd 2<iO 28% 27% 27%
Am Linseed OU 8%
Am Lin Oil pfd 2S%
Am I^ocomotive ... 1.4W 2O«4 l»% l»U
Am Loco pfd 400 S1V4 80% t>l
Am Smelt & Ref... UtO 48V4 4S% 4S
Anr^meit * R pfdV «oo «J% S3 a3Vi
Am rtutar Refln... 1.1C<» 127*4 127% 127'»,
Anaconda Min Co.. - 70%
Brooklyn P.arid Trn 15.000 47% 46% 4(i^
Cclo Fuel * Iron 31%
Consolidated Gas .. 7.R0Q 2tt>% 2<i7S 208
Corn Products 100 13^4 13V4 13%
Corn Prodwt* pfd j_- .... 7%
Distillers Securit 21
Oneml Electric .. 100 1S4 104 1«3%
Internat Paper 11%
Internat Papr pfd. 05
Internat Pump 3.S%
Internat Pump pfd 74
National Lead 17%
North American . . 100 S2% 82% . R2'i
Pacific Mall 2G%
People's Gas .. fiOO «7% 07% O7V4
Pressed Steel Car.. 1,200 26 25% 25%
Pressed S Car pfd 70%
Pullman Pal Car.. .*tfO 213 213 212
Republic Steel 500 7 6% f,%
Republic Steel pfd IS '
Rubher O<*x»i> .... 200 1«% 19 1.'%
Ruhber GocwJa pfd 7'i 1^-
Tenn Coal & Iron. 500 CR 37% 37%
TJ K Leather 300 714 7% 7%
X: S Leather pfd... «00 80% W\ SO
IT S Realty 4.40O 7«4 7T^ 7
D S Realty pfd 7,300 H9 WJH E7'i,
TT S Rubber 4.300 15 14 14%
IT R Rubher pfd... 2.7C0 B3 «1% «1«;
TT S Steel 4.0Ofr 10% 10% 10%
O S StPelpfd 44.!>O0 R7% 5G'/ 4 r=«%
WestlnRbKe Elect 157
WeFtern Unlcn 200 SS% 8S% >U%
Northern Securities 09 y t
Total sales ...2C1.300
t T NITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Anril 22. — Bond transactions
Unitf-d Railroads of San Francisco. 25.000' at
17?J2\i. «XK) at $77 37%. 2000 at $77 50.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4%, asked 4%; preferred, bid
34%. efcked 33.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lOS%!L & N unified 4s. 89%
I'o coupon 105%) Man con gold 4s. 102%
Do 3s reg 106^4 1 Mex Cent 4« 65%
Do coupon 107'4l Do 1st Inc 12%
Do new 4s reg. 133 I Minn & St L 4s. 95%
Do coupon 134 |m. K & T 4s •.©«*
Do old 4s reg.107%! Do 2ds "sij
Do coupon 107% NR or Mex con 4s 75
Atch gen 4* iKJlilN Y C gen .".%*.. 1*8%
Do adj 4s 90%|N J C gen !»s 129%
Atlantic C L 4s. !i3%|Ncr Pac 4s 103%
lial & Ohio 4s... 100%! Do 3s 72%
Do 3%s 94 ,Nor & W con 4s. 97%
Central of Ga 5s.lOJ«%IOSL 4s & partlc. 94^,
Do 1st Inc 70% I Pa conv 3%s 97
Cbes & Ohio 4 %s.lO2%j Reading gen 4s.. 08%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 76 JSL & 1 M con 59.112%
C. B & Q new 4k. 94 |S L AS F fg 4s. 82%
CM ft SP pi 4S.1C9 |gt Louis SW l«ts. »«%
C & NW con 7s. 129%; Seaboard A L 4s. C8%
C R I & Pac 4s. 72%JSo Pac 4s 88%
Do col 5s M>%iRo Ry 5s >.113%
C.C.C & SLgn 4S.101 jTex t Pac lilts. .117
Chi Term 4s 80%)T. St L & W 4s. C9M
Cons Tobacco 4s. 59 (Union Pac 4s .V.. 104%
Colo & So 4s.... X>%\ Do conv 4s.... C9?i
Cold F & I Be ''H;I T H Bteel 2d 3s.. 78
Den & Rio G 4s. «9%| Wabash Ista H7«,
Erie prior Hen 4s. »8% Do deb B i»yi
Do gen 4« 87 jw 4 L Erie 4«.. 89
V W & D C lsts.lO6%|Wls Cent 4s 90
Hock Val 4%«..105%!
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20|LittU Chief 06
Alice IS.Otiatlo 4 00
Foreign Futures. ;
APRICOTS — Are quiet, but firm. Choice are
quoted at nvifrior: extra choice at 10^4$i0^c,
and fancy at 11613c . " j •
PEACHES — Are quiet, and a moderate. de
mand maintains - prices. . Choice, ! 7H@T?4c; ex
tra choice, 7?4©Sc;. fancy, 9^@10c.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market
seems a little firmer in the absence of selling
pressure. -Common are- quoted at 4@3$ic;
prime. 5%G>o%c; choice, CV«®0J4c, and fancy
at 7fi-7%c .. .. •
PRUNES— Are rather more active. and show
a hardening tendency, with prices atlll rang
ing "from 3 to 5%e, according to grade.
DRIED FRUITS
WHEAT — Receipts, 25,000 bushels; exports,
557 bushels. Spot easy. No. 2 red, $1 04 ele
vator and $1-0591 08- f.-o.. b.. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, S7%c f. o. b., afloat; ,No. 1
hard Manitoba, nominal, f. o. b.. afloat! Op*
tions showed weak undertone to-day, reflect
ing much Improved weather conditions, reported
big offerings of cheap Indian wheat, heavy
Argentine shipments and stop-lous selling. The
close was >6cf£lc'net lower. May, 90et»0 1 4c
closed OOlic: July, 88W?S9 JM6c, closed at
8S%c: September, S3 9-16^.S4>/4c, closed 83%c
HOPS— Steady. State common, 1JKI3, 'hs&
3r>c: li>02. 23S2rtc: olds. 9@14c; Pacific Coast,
1»OS.- 24®30o; 1904. 23@26c; olds, 0®14c.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
COFFEE — 8pot Rio. steady. Mild, steady.— -
Futures closed steady at unchanged prices
to a decline of 5 points.- Sales, 40,630 bags, in
cluding: April, ti.90c: July. 6.1C<^«.15c: Sep
tember. <f35(f5 0.40c : December. H.G5©S.75c.
SUGAR — Raw. firm. Centrifugal, 08 test,
3 19-32Q3%c. Refined was quiet.
NEW YORK. April 22.— FLOUR— Receipts,
11..100 barrel*: exports, 21.300 barrels. Market
very quiet and nominally lower.
Nczv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. April 22. — Cotton closed easy,
unchanged.
New York Cotton Market.
Bank Clearings,
London Closing Stocks.
Cons money 8S 3-lfi|N Y Central 119U
Do acct S8U Nor& Western.. C9»i
Anaconda 3% Vo pfd 99>£
Atchlson 75>4 Ont & Western.. 22
Do pfd 85*i Pennsylvania .... «J0^
Pal &»Ohio 81 % Rand Mines 10ii
Can Pacific 120% Reading 23%
Ches & Ohio 123 Do lnt pfd 40
Chi Great West.. 17 Do 2d pfd 33
Chi. Mil & St P.I48>4 So Railway -223;
De Beers ]9U| Do pfd .87%
Den & Rio G 21V*!Sa Pacific 50
Do pfd 72H|Union- Pacific, 87%
Erie 27^,1 Do pfd 93
Do 1st pfd CH%'U S Steel .... 11*4
Do 2d pfd 42U.I Do pfd 57%
111 Central 134 IWabash 1»>A
Louis &'Nash...lll ! Do pfd 4»-*
M. K & Texas... 17% [Spanish 4s 82%
Bar silver— Uncertain. 25%d per ounce.
Money — 1®1V4 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is "'v'StiU per cent and for three
months' bills 2^4 per cent- • ,j
The following table, compiled by Brad
street. Bhows the bank clearings at the prin
cipal cities for the week ending April 21, with
the percentage of Increase and decrease, as
compared with the corresponding week last
year:
PerCt. PerCt.
Cities — Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $1,100,823,184 - 13.U
Chicago 121,7«rt,a.J0 29.4
Botacn 114.W1.213 12. ti
Philadelphia .... 110..S1H.9I4 12. «'
St. Louis CO. 432.001 7.5
Plttsburg 3il,3Sa.83« .... 24.4
San Francisco.... 27,!>n3,!>47 .7
Baltimore .".. 21.S11.352 8.f
Cincinnati 22.555,400 .... 5.5
Kansas City 19.724.1S6 t3.7
New Orleans 18.H7O.239 38.3 ....
Cleveland 12,»*!>9..'S1& 1S.0 ....
Minneapolis U»,7S0.793 5.1
Detroit 10.017.311 .4
Louisville 11.4U5.XO1 12.0 ....
Omaha 8.425.o<J5 IS. 7 ....
.Milwaukee 7.107.SO1 4.0 ....
Pmvid-rnce 8.SS3.4G0 1.5
Bufi'alr. 5.174.0:{.S .... 8.3
In-'.'.an >TK)!i5 6,127,(380 N.S
St. Paul 5,78S,4»:t 10.3' ....
Lok Angeles (UO&3S0 21.4
Ft. Joseph .M72.S34 9.3 ....
Denver 4.544.304 .... 10.3
Columbus 4,205,300 8.8 ....
Memphis 4.«14.00(» 20.0
Seattle 3.«;00.247 .4
RlchmiCid 4.7S2.IW1 0.3
Wahhictston 4,102.573 10.7
Savannah 2,tR2,S<7 11.7
Albany 3.«:f2.f24 29.0
Portland. Ore ... 4.147 ; OOS 39.3 ....
Fort Worth 2.52S.S7O 9.0
Toledo. Ohio : 3.003,021 14.4
Salt Lake City .. 2.234,297. 22.5 ....
Peoria 2.294,31>i 3.3
Atlanta. 2.4MI.770 12.1 ....
Rochester ; 3.0.-,<i, 43'.) 18.0
Hartford 2.U00.O.U 17.3
Nashville 2.l>t!",SMS 4.S
Dee Muinen / 2,I(ifi.737 7.5
Spokane. Wash .. 2.2 < JS,S4tt
Taeoma ¦ 1.193,091 '..... .7
Grand Rapids .. . 1,743.733 .... 1.1
New Haven 1.7<r4.644 1.8
Dayton 1.442.«1!» 1S.0
Norfolk : 1.SC3.147 24.5
Springfield, Mass. 1,670,501) .3
Worcester 1.1HO.«3<> 24.9
Portland, Me .... 1,024.70(4 S.4
Augusta, Ga .... !M>;.i>s;t 11. u
Top«ka 973,235 1S.0
Sioux City 1.1S2.SS7 33.7
Syracuse 1.323.117 6.1 ....
Eraainllc I,3i7.«i89 2.a
Birmingham l,2S.s.:~ r ." 1.0
Wilmington. Del. 1.201.1U3' .0
Knoxville 1.351.773 4.7
Davenport 047.303 11.9
Little Rock 977.334
Wllkesbarre S8(!.."24 .... 1.7
Fall River 74O.1MJ7 :... 12.3
Macon 1,2^0,000 74.1
WJeeling, W. Va. 635.71«
Wichita 1.114.223 .»>
Akron 630.000 S.3
Ct.attar.noea. 7«J.4as - C.I
Siringfleld. III..'.. Ms, 422 .... 10.2
Knlamazoo. Mich. 6C4.O00 11.7
Youn»t£town S»S7.Tm'£ 13. U .
Htlena JW2.338 52.3
I^xlngton 78T«,732 5S.9 ....
Ftrgo. N. D 398.300 ' 5.8
New Bedford 300.438 45.1 ....
Carton. Ohio t«3.»00 10.3
Jacksonville. Fla. 875.234 13.0
Lowell 42!»,!>00 3.3 ....
Chefcter. Pa 4.W.7.1O 20.7
Greensburg, Pa... 344,201 12.2 ....
Rl«ckford. Ill 519.0<i5 o.U
Birphamton . 458.400 4.8 ....
fH-rl-iKfleld. Ohio.. 34S.414 «.S
Bloomlngton, 111.. 35S.»;<a 17.0
Quincy. Ill 377.S4O »t.8
8I0UX Falls. S. D. 322.9<« 2.3
ManHflrld, Ohio... in~,2»5 2a. U
Deeatur III 227.477 9.1
Jacksonville- 111.. 19T.3K0 12.2
Fremont, Neb 172.050 25. 5
•Hounlon 10.S«4.ifl0 .5
•Galveston 7.0<T.,000 1.3
C-i.ar!ef>»on. S. C. 1.1CS,27« 7.1
Cedar Rapid* 410.318
TpUIs. D. R.?l.sr,fl.7»S8,32l i:{.y
Outside N. Y. 74fl.9S5.147 13.5
CANADA.
Montreal $17.97S.3i;2 12.1
Tircnto 14,«!4,4M 13.7
Winnipeg 4.518.125 '1.0
Ottawa 1.S57.7G9 1.8 ....
Halifax l.f*«.&44 .... 15.0
Queb?c l,S<n.<i7H 17. 'J
Vancouver. B. C. 1.287. C2."» 4.f> *
Hamilton l.l44.S. r »0 29.7
London. Ont...... S7R.4J15 9.2
St. John. N. D.. 074.7F.O 11.5 .....
Victoria. B. C «78.CG3 2.3
Totals. Can... $1<!.41»3.C1S .... 8.S
•Not included in totals because contaln-.ng
other items tban cWnrintca.
Light Hides are firm and a fraction higher.
Other grades are unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about ViSflc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9&c; medium, sijc; light, Sc; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy aad 8c for light; Stags.
6c: Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal. 10c; SalteU
Calf, lie; dry Hides, 16C: dry Kip, 13c; dry
Calf. ISc: Sheepskins, shearlings. 55@3Oc each:
short Wool, 40£ib5c each; medium. 70@OOc; Ionic
Wool, $1®1 50: Horse Hides, salt. $2 73 for
large and $2$2 50 for medium. $1 25Q1 73 for
small and 5Uc for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 30 for medium. $l@i 25
for small and 0Oc for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 31c; dry Salted Mexican. 23c; dry
Central Americas, 31c. Goat Skin? — Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium.
&**• small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4J4®4%c per lb:
No. 2. 3H©4c; grease. 2%«?3c.
WOOL— Spring clip — San Joaquln and South
ern. 12 months'. 9@llc; do 7 months', 8310c
per lb; Middle Counties, 12916c for free and
ll l gl4c for defective; Northern. 15@17c for Xre»
and 13@15c for defective; Nevada. 12815c. ac
cording to condition.
HOPS— 24627c per lb for California. 1903.
and 17%@20c for crop of 1904.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
half barrels. 8%c; one tierce. 8%e; two tierces.
8J4C; Ore tlsrces, S&c per lb.
Receipts of Potatoes were a little in excess
of S00 sacks an.-i the . market ruled steady,
with trade fairly active and sellers still ex
acting high prices. Occasional lots of river
Burbanks commanded a small advance over
the I quotations, | but the general run of offer-
Ings sold within the quoted range. Many Job
bers were considerably agitated yesterday/ by
the report that the Produce Dealers' Associa
tion, would declare a boycott on those dealers
who recently withdrew from the association
and prevent them from buying on the wharves
except for cash. . ..
As a result of the continued cold weather
the receipts of Asparagus were light again and
prices of all grades advanced sharply. The
top price for. the best stock during the early
trade was 0c per pound, but late buyers were
obliged. to pay lOc for fancy lots. The canners
we're , unable to purchase' supplies In the open
market, but they received several consignments
direct from the growing districts, which are In
cluded in the receipts published below. Com
mon offerings of Peas were In excessive sup
ply ami lower and , large lines were still un
toU at the close. Some garden Peas were
received from Bay Farm Island and ¦ met with
prompt sale at 3c per pound. Good sound of
ferings of Tomatoes from Los Angeles and
Mexico were In good request at steady rates,
*ut Florida lots, which were mostly overripe,
dragge.l at easier prices. A steamer which
arrived from Mexican ports added 309 boxes
to the stocks of Mexican Tomatoes. The other
.vegetables Were in good supply and prices had
but slight variation.
Receipts ot Vegetables included 695 boxes
of Asparagus, ,107a boxes of Rhubarb and 1055
sacks of Peaxu '¦'_*? ¦¦:¦.
POTATOEsVBurbanfcs from the river. $1 50
®1 C5 per- ttti- Oregon Burbanks. $1 60@l 75
per ctl: Rlver^Reds. $1©1 10 per ctl: small
Oregon- Burbanks for seed. $1 2581 SO per ctl;
Garnet Chllef, $1 60@l 75 per ctl; Early Rose,
$1 40®l 3i>pcr ctl; new Potatoes. 2%@3ttc per
pound. ••/"i* ¦ t • . • -
. ONIONS— Yellow, $2 50®2 75 per ctl for Ore
gon and $3@>3 25 for Australian; Green Onions,
4C'$IC3c per box. I .
" i VEGETABLES — Asparagus. 9@10c per lb for
extra, 7&&c for No. 1 and &<@«c for No. . 2;
Rhubarb, 4UrgH5c per box; Green Peas, $1@1 50
per sack: Garden Peas. 3c per lb; String Beans,
12%@20c per lb; Tomatoes, $1®1 50 per box or
crate for Los Angeles, $1 23<!jl 50 for Mexican
and ?2@2 50 per crate for Florida; Summer
Squash from Los Angeles, $1®1 50 per box;
Cabbage. $1 25 per ctl; Carrots. 50c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers, 50o@$l 25 per dozen;
Garlic. 13c per lb; Egg Plant, 25c per lb; Dried
Peppers, Si^lOc for sun-dried and 12%«?13c per
lb for evaporated; Dried Okra, 12%@15c per
lb: Grten Peppers, 20<ff25c per lb; Marrowfat
Squash, jobbing at lVjfi-c per lb.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Wall-street Stocks steady. Cotton weaker.
• Russian loan introduced on the Paris bourse.
Sihrr advanced %c. Exdumgc unchanged.
Local Stocks and Bonds rather more active.
¦ Bank of England rate further reduced to 3 per cent.
Wheat market now governed by crop conditions.
Barley futures weak under better crop prospects.
Oats in improved demand and firm. Corn quiet.
Bran very firm and scarce all over the coast.
Hay less depressed, receipts being more moderate.
Beans steady, with narrow variations.
Trouble breaks out in Produce Dealers' Association.
Potatoes steady and fairly active. Asparagus higher.
Povltrx in light receipt and firm. Game steady.
Oranges quiet. Fresh arrivals of Limes from Mexico.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs still in ample supply.
Provisions continue quiet and featureless.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as before quoted.
Fractional advance in light Hides.
Mcx Cent 4« 65 lAinal Copper .... 4!) 1 ,£
I!a : i »ads — JAmer Zinc ...... 10\i
Alchlson 73^j Atlantic ' 8
Do pfd »4 iBingham 2l»i
Boston & Albany.250 Calumet & Hecla.469
Boston & Maine. Kis Centennial . .. 19Vu
Boston Elev .....141^ Copper Range .... 4H4
Fltchburg pfd 140 Daly West ...... 22«4
Mex Ctntral 5»i Dom Coal 63>^
r.' Y. X H & II..189>i!Franklin 7%
Pere Msrquette.. 98 iGrancy '. 3%
Union Pacific 85^| Isle Royale 7
.Miscellaneous — JMass Mining .... 4
Amer Arge Chem. 13 (Michigan ¦ 4%
Do pfd 71 ! Mohawk 41
Amer Pneu Tube. 4\? Mont Coal &\Coke 21
Amer Sugar ....127V4!Old Dominion' ...12%
Do pfd 123?4|Osceola .....'.... 57
Amer Tel & Tel.l2«Hi Parrot 2.1"i
Amer Woolen ... 10'* Quincy 80
Do pfd 75 Shannon 8
Dom Iron & S... 9% Tamarack ........ 1)0
Ed Elect Ilium.. .238 Trinity 3%
<Jen Electric 163 U 8 Mining .... 20>4
Mass Electric 79 U S Oil 8',i
Do pfd 73. Utah S3V4
Mass Gas 39% Victoria 3
United Fruit 104S, Wlnona 6-
Un Shoe Mach... 48% Wolverine Tl^i
Do pfd 29
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Retail prices of Vegetables show, considerable
fluctuation. Asparagus especially being in lim
ited supply and higher. : Apples and Oranges
are plentiful, with prices reasonable, while
Bananas are Ecarce and v high. : Strawberries
are cheaper and Raspberries are ; added " to
the list. -• ¦'¦•">•• ¦'••'• .> '
Butter, Cheese and Eggrs are in good supply
and stand exactly the - name as ¦ quoted last
week Meats and Fish:, and most kinds of
Poultry are still selling at the familiar quota
tions. ; , '¦'.-¦ • v . ¦ \ ¦
COAL. PER TON—
Wellington, ".$— ©10 00 New
Seattle ... 1 .$— © 8 50| Welllnpton $— @10 CO
nosiyn $— @ 0 00] Wellington "
Kichmond ..$— & S> > r '0| Nut ...... \$ — @ 8 CO
Greta $— @ 0 OOlCoos Bay ....$—© 7 50
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.— .
Butter choice, Bq.40@45; Cheese. Swiss ..25@35
Do good — <a.35i Egg*, doz . . . .\ .20K25
Do' packed, Ib22lj0"25 Honey, comb. lb.l5@20
Cheese. Cal 10@15 Do extracted... 8@lO
Cheese Ea«tern.2O«r25
MEATS. PER POUND—
Bacon ... . .18025 Fork Sausage. .12><>f?t3
Hams lCfTlS Smoked Ueef . . . .— «20
Lard :....12»4@—
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective
Association gives the following retail prices
for meats: ¦ i" '
Roast Beef . .. .10«J20|Hindqtr ' Lamb ..18©20
Tenderloin Steak. 15#lS|Foreqtr Mutton.— @12»4
Portrhse. do.l7^(ff'-'2>f.|Legr Mutton . . . — ©12»*
Sirloin Steak.. 12H@15| Mutton Chops ...lf>§20
Round Steak.. .10f< 12 V£ Mutton Stew .... 7@ 8
Beef Stew — ©10 Roast Veal ...... 12#20
Corn Beef 8<§10 Veal Cutlets .... 15® 20
Soup Bon^s 4@— Veal Stew ... .12'A@15
Soup Meat ...... 5#1O Roast Pork k .*..12Udl8
Lamb Chops ... — @"0; Pork Chops . ... »15<jl8
Foreqtr Lamb.l2^A@15| U-- '* .
POULTRY AND OAME—
Hens, large. ea.75c«I$l Pigeons.- pair ...— @30
Do small . ...&C@CO Squabs, per pair.CO^'O
Young Roosters. 1 Rabbits, each ; . . .20^25
each 75e@$lj Hare, each ... ..— «f25
Old Roosters. ea.5C«ftS5: English Snipe doa..$5
Fryers, tach . ..".C5@80 jackVSnipe, doz.. $2 SO
Broilers, each ..30^301 Gray (Vw, each.40(5:30
Turkeys per lb.23i@27| White Geese. ea.20(&25
Ducks, eaoii ...75c6$l Hrant. each 2C(f40
Ueese, each.. — (S$l 50 Honkers/ each ..40@fi5
Goslings — @$2 50 .
FRUITS AND NUTS— 1 .\
Alllgtr Pears ea.20«S33| Lemons, doi .'...15@30
Almonds If><fr20;0ranges. cholce.dz25'(?Srt
Apples 0© 8 1- Do common ...15(^20
Cranberries qt. . — <J?25l PlneappleR each.25<itS0
Pecans — «T20| Raisins, lb 10@15
Brazil Nuts ....20$? — I Raspbirrles per
Bananas doz ..4nga0i basket — @30
Chestnuts l.'$f20j Strawberries.
Cccoanuts. each. — ©10 per basket ..12%©25
Dried Figs lb.. OS 101 Tangerines doz..l3(tf20
Grape Fruit. dz.75c4»lj Walnuts, per lb.l5@20
Limeft. dor 10<gl5| • ,
VEGETABLES—
Asparagus, lb .. 8<7H5! Mushrooms. lb..50c@$t
Artichokes, doz.2'>(fj'00|Onions, per lb...-^@5
Beets dozen 1C@— okra. dried lb...20(S?—
Beans, white, lb. m—\ Potatoes, old. lb. 20 .1
Colored, per lb. 6© — I Do new. lb.... 4@ 5
Dried Lima. lb.. — (ffi tii Parsnips, per dr.l5(ff2O
Cabbage, each... S<SW Radishes dz bch.in@2O
Celery, head ... .W10 Rhubarb., lb .... S@ 3
Cress. ' dz bunch. 150 — t>«ge, dz imchffl.'.'M —
Cucumbers, each.lOrfH!) String , Bearts. lb.2O@25
Garlic 1S5?2O| Summer Squash.
Green Peppers. lb.."?5<S50i per lb •...»... — @12H
Dried Peppers... KupCOj Spinach, per lb/. CUT 8
Egg Plant. lb...3(»« 40] Thyme, dz bnchs.25<#30
Green Peae. lb.. 3® 5|Turnlps. per doz. — @15
Lettuce pe-r doz. 15©.*5O| Tomatoes, !b ..10@20
Leeks, da bunch-15ff20j
FISH— <
Karracouta —^15IRockcod — (ffclS
Carp 10m2*ySea Bass .—©IS
Catflsh — <?12U|KHielts —©15
Codfish — irr-'Vi Soles 10«n5
Fioundcrs .HXS" — (Skates, each ....10015
Halibut 15«J— ISquld — @—
HerrlnK ..... Sfi'.OTomcod .;..12H«?—
Mackerel — ft- — jTurbott 20<T —
Do horse \".<A— lTrout '. —^i*0
Rockflsh — ifiT-'Vijterook Trout .... 75^80
Salmon, fresh ..l.'.C20| Whiteflsh 10#—
Do smoked ir>ft2!i!C]ams. gallon ...V,()ii —
Sardines 10®— I Do hardshell, lb 8JT10
Shrimps — «i"10| Crawfish —&—
SJ;ad 10(?i — [Crabs, each ....l"i©'2"»
Striped. Bass .. .l.*>«7C0l Mussels lb .,ril2Udl3
' Perch i 10ft — | OvFters. Cal. 100.4C(Sf30
Pompino — <3 — j Do Eastern. dE.3C@li)
Family Retail Market.
'. ..The markets under this head continue In the
same groove,' with light fluctuations in Beans.
Tho demand is moderate.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 35©2 50: Pea. $3@3 25:
Butters, $.1 50@3 75; small White. $3«3 15;
large White $2 C5@2 75; Pink, $3 30©3 45;
Red. $4 60; Lima, $.V25@3 30; Red Kidneys,
$4 ftO@5; Blackeye. $2 15@2 25 per ctl: Horsa
Beans. $2®2 B0 %»;.-•¦•
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 75@4; Yellow
Mustard $3©3 25; Flax $1 S0@l 90; Canary.
5H@5%e for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14%@16c: Rape.
I»4(g2r: Timothy. 6©jfasc; Hemp. 3%@4c per
lb; Millet, 3@3&c; .Broom Corn . Seed. : $2C©21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Blac*e>'e. $3 per ctl; Nlles.
$3 25; Green. $3@3 28. '
Beans and Seeds.
CHICAGO. April j 22.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1500. ..Steady. Good to prime steers, $o@5 50;
poor^to medium, $3 80® 5; stockers and feeders.
$3©4 35; cows, $1 75©4 40; heifers. . $2 25®
4 75; canners, $1 75@2 50; bull*. $2 26<3>4 10;
calves, $2®5 10; Texas fed steers,- $4 25®4 80.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, fil.OOO; to-morrow,
12,000. 1 Steady to weak. Mixed and butchers',
$5<g5 15; good to choice heavy, $5 05@u 17 Vj;
rough 'heavy, $4 9005 05; light. ?4 S0®5 06;
bulk Of sales, $4 95@5 05.
i SHEEP— Receipts. 5000. Sheep and I lambs
steady. Good to : choice wethera,' $4 75@5 40;
fair to choice • mixed, $3 75#4 CO; Western
sheep, $4 !)0<si5 45; native lambs, $4 50^5 CO;
Western lambs, wooled,'- $5 00©0 75; Western
lambs, clipped, $5Cr5 75. . .-
Mscellanebiis Markets.
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, April 22.— On the Produce Ex
change t«-day the butter market was steady.
Creameries, 14@23c; dairies, 13ig20a Eggs,
firm, 16 %@ 17c. Cheese steady, 8@10%c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
ribs sides (loose), -$G 25@0 37%: short clear
sides (boxed), $6 50@6 75; whisky, \ basis of
high * wines,' $128; .clover,'-' contract grade,
$10 75. •- •'., .'.'--' - '
Articles — . . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour. , barrels 24.700 ..'¦" = ; 21.000
Wheat, bushels .... .... 27,000 -"• 17,400
Corn,' bushels 135,200 25.200
Oats, bushels .t .......117,500 148,200
P.ye. bushels :.. 11.000 20,300
Barley, bushels ............ 51,900 • 9,800
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. APRIL 23, 1904.
Continued ou rase rourte«fc
NEWTORK, ApHl 22.— Tin— Spot, £127. 10s
and futures £127 - 17s 6d. Locally " tin was
quiet at $27 0O@2S 10. -. "\ _...¦¦ -
Copper advanced 2s 04 in the\x>ndon mar
ket, spot closinc . at £58 ' and futures ; at £07
15«. Locally copper Is unchanged. Lake,
New; York Metal Market.
Money — **J S Steel ........ 10%
{Car loans ....2 <Jf»*i.T Do Pfd f.i!?;
Time loans .<_»3%C*«.4l Wasting. Common. 77
13osdn — I Mining —
A:ch!son 4s 99% Adventuno i 2
Do cdj is 9e*ilAllouex *. ;... ~\i%
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
CHICAGO. April .22.— Cash quotations were
as • follows: • Flour. I dull and easy. No. I 2 spring
wheat.-,88©92e; No. 3.*85©92c; No.:2 red, 80®
JH)cJ'No'-2 corn. 4*84 Q %c: No. 2 yellow,'; 50%;
No. 2 oats,* 36%fl>87c: No.. 3 white. 3ft(&41c; No.
2 < rye," 6flc ; " good ; feeding ' barley,' "2?irt5c ; s fair
to ' choice ¦ mnltlng. ' 45®55c: »¦ No. . 1 . flax " seed;
$1 : -'. No. r 1 Northwestern. , $1 06% ; \ prime i tlrtio
thy ¦ need,' $3; ; mess J pork.yper ' barrel/" $11 05C
12; lard,, per UW ; pounds, ,.$0 36®eGT%; 5 abort
Cash Grain and' Provisions.
''-All markets both here and In the West are
quoted about ' as r. before , and exhibit no ' new
features. '. • - -:'' "v. ¦'...- .¦¦..- •. ¦¦ ¦'
CURED MEATS— Bacon,'. 10%c ; per j lb • for
heavy, lie for light medium, 13c ? for light.
14%c for- extra light and 15016c -for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Mams, 1 12% c; Cali
fornia Hams. 11%@12%c; Mess Beef.- $10' 50&
11 per bbl; extra Mess. $11 60® 12: "..Family,
$12 60@13:prtme Mess Pork. $15; extra clear.
$24: Mess. ,«1S: < Dry Salted Pork. -!0%c; ,p| K
Pork: • $27 : r Pics* . Feet. $5 : Smoked ,. Beef. > 14c
per lb. '•-. •".•".;¦;*.'•:-:--- :~S -.. . ¦-*.- :..:.-¦'¦¦¦ z -.¦-.- r
v LAP.D-^-Tlerces quoted at 6%o v per . lb . for
compound and : 9c for .pure; half-barrels, : pure.
itvic; 10-lb Uns. 9%c; 5-lb tins. t%c; 3-lb tins.
10c. .:•': -¦"¦ ¦¦«- : - >-: ,- ¦ - ¦ ' ¦ -•¦"• ?' V
QQT'riXlJVXV— Ou hair ba.rr«l &'**»• t)»—
ProiHsicnts.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
s* fe
AUCTION SALE.
50— DRAFT AND DRTVING HORiSES— 30
Thirty head consigned by A. J. Nelson.
Glenn County, Cal.. and twenty . head from
Churchill Company ranches*. Slskiyou Co., Cat.
Horses from Nelson ranch are thoroughly
broke and ready for service and will weigh
from 1000 to 1CC0 pounds. Horses from
Churchill ranch will weigh from 1UU0 to 110U
pounds and have been handled two weeks.
This Is a splendid tot of horses. All.youn<
and smooth and should appeal to all classes of
buyers, from jjjilkmen to draymen. ' A number
of extra fine Toadsters. including a grand car-
riage team, will be found in this lot.
Sale takes place
TUESDAY. April 2G, 1904, at 8 p. m.
At salesyard, 1732 Market st, San Francisco,
i Horses at yard Monday, April 23.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
- Livestock Auctioneers.Amount Them ; for Compensation
and Expenses . Will Exceed Appro^' >
i print ion by - About $500. ; 'I j f
¦ ..Most" of the witnesses ' from Delay,
ware" who testified at, the trial • of ;MrsY
Cordelia: Botkin, convicted /of j murder
In : Judge Cook's court, and y who"; tes
tified : at -the preliminary; hear! m;; be
fore Police Judge Cohlan, left for their
homes". yesterday and .'the : other*^are
expected, to leave to-day.;' Th«.v. were
allowed compensation- for \ their, loss of
time; Nvlth • the exception . of- Jbsh'ua.D.'
Dearie : and > his ', daughter,';; LeilaV ' Miss
Ethel ;J..MillingtonTarid Miss Lizzie- "ll\
Kemp/ who* made no;' claim', outride, "of,
their^ traveling:' and; living^ expense.?, u
;1 District 'Attorney.; Byiiigtoh sa!d ; yes
terday' that; the $4000'allowed',.l>y 'th«
Board/ "of,' Supervisors : had -been 'ex
hausted and he had to pay/about $5 ft Oj
out of '; his - own ; pocket -j to meet ¦{¦ the;
claims 1 for, compensation'^and expenses.'
He'.; expects, ¦ however, ' tKatjlthe£ Board'
of will rrebajr; him.';
WITNESSES IN TIIE*"bOTKIN . K U
1 . CASE LEAVE ; FOR •'HOME
IMPROVEMENT CLUB MEETS.— A, . meet
ing of the North Park Improvement Club wai
held last nirht at 32 CyFarrell street. - The
extending of O street was one of the -matters
before the c'ub. - • ¦ ¦ • ¦. .
TOPAZI PLEADS GUILTY.— Kcso Tot»ri
pleaded guilty in Judge Cook'* court yener
day u> a charge of passing a fictitious check.
lie will be sentenced on April 30. He passed
a check for SAO. dated January 22. on Y.
Kosako, drawn on the Wells-Fargo Bank and
purporting to bo signed by J. A. Goodman.
You arc sure to like Hills Bros.* Ara
bian Roast Coffee; try it. • • • «!••>£
Japanese submarine boats are said to
have been sighted off the coast of Swe
den, apparently heading for St. Peters
burg. The Russians are much excited
and should buy a gas range from 8. F.
Caus and Electric Co.. 415 Post street. •
Sigmond : Huppert, ; a •: watchmaker
living In Stockton, . filed a; petition- Iri
Insolvency yesterday' In the £ United
States District Court. He owes' $11117'
ana has $1425 assets. • - ..-.- : -vf
Insolvent Watchmaker.
Tickets on sale and seats on the stage
reserved, at €41 Market • St.. , San Fran
cisco. .. - ; ¦ "' 'V; •;-:',... ' • . •
The Santa. Fe from : Merced is the best
way. 'Through two groyestof Blg'Trees;
Into the Valley, one wayjaHd 'out/an
other. * V •-'-.'...- ...
Yoscmlte Now ,' Open.
Chinese Minister Make** an Oflicinl
i;\p»;tn;iti<in of the Coming of
Mysterious Flac-
Whenever a. Chinese mercantile ves
sel sha.ll be descried in the o?.^/ with
a flag showing two dragons rampant
on a yellow moon, he who 1? wise in
modern commercial heraldry \v 4 lt rec
ognize it as the ship of a mercantile
joint stock company. But if only one
dragon rampants on a yellow moon,
he who Is not icnorant will know the
o vessel as the property of an individ
ual engaged in mercantile entcrpriaes.
Such was the information conveyed
yesterday by the Secretary of tno
Treasury to Customs Collector Jtrat
ton by request of the Chinese Minister
at Washington. D. C.
*AVO DKAGOXS HAMPAXT
O?.~ A YELLOW MOON*
. .' McAdie is of the opinion ; that" . the
break in ' ¦ the . levee four miles ' below
Sacramento. saved the. capital cltr from
a possible overflow. The break at T Sher
man i Island, he claims, saved B rannan,
Twltchell -and Andrus islands." At? the
different', stations -? maintained .by, ;, the
.Weather Bureau | the ; rainfall .was ] any
where frorn ; 100, to ' 280 per.cent'in',ex
cess; of normal conditions. ' " . -
<L"' McAdie? quotes : statistics^.-, to :, show
that .there have; been* several' floods in
the Sacramento River ..Valley, but much
of.' the x/ land" overflowed '? in previous
years -was' not' under, cultivation; so the
property loss was not 'so great."
Profeseor Alexander McAdie of the
Weather Bureau has Just completed his
report on the recent flood In th*e Sacra
mento River Valley. . He states that
about 2700 acres of asparagus land was
ruined and nearly 50,000 acres of wheat
land suffered great damage. Had the
storm of February 16 or those of March
10 or March 27 continued an infinitely,
greater amount of 'injury would have
been done the State, he claims. In Feb
ruary there were twenty-three rainy
days and In March twenty-six.
McAdie says the flood "demonstrated
that the : Sacramento River j system - Is
wholly inadequate for. the carrying off
of j an abnormal rainfall. | He thinks j it
easily possible for 1,812,100,000,000 cubic
feet of water. to fall In the Sacramento
district within a period of ninety days.'
In such case the \ damage | that would
likely result to property would be. al
most inestimable. ' '; .• .
Professor Me Adie - Declares
Sacramento River Cannot
Stand Abnormal Kainfall
AVERS SYSTEM
IS INADEQUATE
The decree of final distribution of
the Charles L. Fair estate was filed
for record yesterday In the Recorder's
office. The document fixes the value
of the estate after all claims have_ been
paid at $2,542,340 92. and orders the
payment of $127,117 05 as collateral
inheritance tax, but remits the penalty
of ten per cent per annum because,
owing to claims and litigation, the es
tate could not be settled at the end of
eighteen months. It is ordered -that
Interest at seven per cent per -annum
shall be paid from February 14, 1904,
amounting to $24 72 a day.
The court allots and distributes to
Theresa A. Oelrlchs arid Virginia Van
derbllt in equal undivided shares,; they
being the sole and only surviving heirs
at law and next of kin of C. L. Fair,
deceased, all the real, personal and
mixed property now in the possession
of Hermann OelrichB. administrator of
the estate, all of which property, was
undisposed of by Fair's last; ,will.
There is now on hand "the siim of
$18,415 80 in cash. ;
Distributed to His Surviv
ing Sisters. .
Estate of Late Charles Tu Fair Ordered
¦• Through the alertness of Turnkey
Thomas Burke on- duty at/ the door of
the City Prison, Fred Ross, an ex
convict, was arrested last night and
charged with attempting to smuggle
opium into the jail to John Black, the
desperate hold-up man, who was ar
rested a few days ago. Ross called to
see Black and was seen by Burke to
reach into his pocket and, attempt to
pass something to Black. ' Burke de
signed, the plan of the ex-convict and
immediately accused him -of trying to
give Black opium. Ross denied the
allegation. He was promptly searched
and a large quantity of. the drug
found on his person. V"'
Ex-Convict Attempts Crime.
RECORDS DECREE OF .
F1XAL. DISTRIBUTION
SOME HIGHLY ADMIRED SKETCHES BY PROMINENT ARTISTS THAT MAY
BE SEEN AT THE EXHIBITION WHICH IS BEING HELD AT SAN FRAN
CISCO PRESS CLUB FOR THE BENEFIT OF CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL.
The afternoon will be made cheerful
with the music which Is appropriate
for such an artistic event, and Mrs.
Wendell Easton, Mrs. L. L. Dunbar
and Mrs. John H. Dickinson of the
Children's Hospital board are to re
ceive. A number of the distinguished
painters are expected to present them
selves. In the evening there is prom
ised an improptu concert.
The officers of the Press Club have
been and will continue to be indefati
gable In their kindly efforts to assure
the pleasure of ; patrons of the good
cause. • .
Of course ex'ery charitable man and
woman of the city will be conspicuous
at the Press Club to-day, which is the
last day of the sketch exhibition for
the benefit of the Children's Hospital.
It has been a great week in the ex
clusive jinks ' room of the newspaper
fraternity and every one connected
with the laudable affair has seen to It
that everybody should be well satisfied
with the artistic arrangement of the
works of the very excellent artists.
The sketches are by some of the most
prominent men of the brush and
palette, and as there is a limit to the
price put on each canvas by which the
hospital is to be benefited connoisseurs
need have . no fear of being asked
any fancy figures.
And apart from the exhibition there
is to be a great visitation of fashion
at the club to-day, not alone from San
Francisco but from Oakland and the
other bay cities.
Except for the fact that two stables
replaced their former employes with
non-union crews there were no devel
opments yesterday in the hackmen's
strike. Fagan's stable on Sutter
street, between Montgomery and
Kcarny. was the* scene of slight dis
order, when a crowd of boys tore away
a sign bearing the Citizens' Alliance
Inscription from the hands of a man
carrying it. Later a stronger sup
porter of the banner was installed and
he performed his duties without inter
ference. Secretary James Bowland of
the Hackmen's Union made a report
to the Labor Council last nisrht, but
he refused to allow the public to learn
its nature. At his request the council
vent into executive session and noth
ing was given out regarding the pro
ceedings.
Stablemen Remain Firm
It is understood the men will vote to accept
or reject the company's proposal on Monday.
No one can eay what the result will be. While
lh« company haa no plea to make. It sincerely
trusts the result will make for peace. The
company Is willing to make It* proposed con
tract run for one, two or even three years. If
that was thought preferable by the men. they
to declere their preference at once. We did
this not only to avoid the«e repeated ruptures
but to demonstrate as well that we had no
desire to disrupt their organisation. The com
pany has taken no steps to Influence the men,
and It will not do so. The company hopes
that there will be a full vote, a fair count,
and that reason may prevail.
We are nw paying out an additional quar
ter of a mlUlon dollar* In wages as the price
of Industrial peace. This is a heavy addition
to cur payrolls, but we want peace — the pub
lic, tiaving a preat interest in uninterrupted
car worvice. wants peace also: and therefore it
1* encouraging to know the people indorse our
course «o fully.
At the carmen's headquarters there
was a small representation of the toil
ers and most of these were discreet and
thoughtful. The ballot was to be the
nieans of con%*eylng their opinions.
General Manager Chapman made a
statement last night regarding the com
pany's position, as follows:
"I labored with the representatives
of the company as well as I could and
secured its best terms. These I sub
mitted to the- executive committee of
the union, and their recommendation
•was against acceptance of the terms
offered by the company. To-morrow
night the operatives will mec< and will
be ffiven a perfectly fair explanation of
the' situation. On the following Mon
day they vflll 'ballot on the questions
submitted. Under the rules of the or
ganization It will require a two-third
vote to declare a strike. Any citizen can
guess quite as well as I can what the
result will be."
President Mahon Says That
Question of Strike Bests
Entirely With the Toilers
.: i ? *¦
Absolute uncertainty Is the best ex
pression to describe the situation be
tween the Amalgamated Association of
Street Car Employes and the United
Railroads. The ultimatum of the com
pany has been delivered and the ballot
¦ vt the men on Monday will determine
whether or not there will be a strike.
2Co sign of action was taken by the
union yesterday. President Mahon re
mained in his apartment at the Grand
Hotel nearly all day and went early
to bed. Before he retired he made a
statement that revealed nothing.
"The executive committee c< the Car
men's Union," he said, "has rendered
a recommendation that the terms of
fered by the company be not accepted.
1 have no vote in that body, and all
that I have done is to offer my advice.
There are three essential differences
between . the men and the company,
regarding wage scale, unionism and
arbitration.
W0BKEBS MUST' DECIDE
Both Sides Looking for.Ke
sult of Vote of Employes
to Determine the Decision
Large-Hearted Folk to Assemble in Force at ; Last ; View of the
Sketch Exhibition Which Is Being Given, for the Benefit of
Children's Hospital, One of City's Most Worthy Institutions
...¦*¦• • •¦» • ¦ •'-•-V-";...--" ¦,,-•' . ¦¦ .- •-,.,--• . - ¦
CARMEN AWAIT
BALLOTING DAY
WELLDOM IS EXPECTED TO CROWD
THE PRESS CLUB JINKS ROOM TO-DAY
-~$100 Rupture \ Cure for s $10 by,' Hunter, -1208
Maa-ket st. . S«nd for circular, "•
, The company -presenting "A .Girl
From Dixie" numbers sixty, people and
is* the original- Madison 1 Square Theater
company 'that-; presented 'the piece dur
ing thejlong New York run. The book
is by Harry B. Smith," author of ; "Robin
Hood, ", : and L the tmuslcils'j. the: Joint Jef-;
forts of somejoft the 'best composers In
the* business/. "notably Victor Herbert,
Ludwig v ; Englander, Gustav ,: Kerker,
Cole - ¦'¦ and . Johnson, ' Max f-Wltt, r'AWlll
Marion Cook. : Manuel "Klein, -George
Rosey,' Baldwin 'Z Sloane' * and *Z Henry
Waller. * Among the "many, special num
bers Uhere"; is bne,"' "When -the; Sunflower
Turns ; to": the' Sun," .; that! everybody will
be whistling after, the "opening perforni
ahce;'. .' '.• ...'. .."':¦ •.-¦¦¦¦¦';.. .-. - ' ; . ¦.
"The success of this young Sain.Fran
ciscan has been phenomenal. She has
made great progress, rising from the ¦.
chorus to the position of prima. donna
of . a big Shubert : and Nixon and Zim
merman organization. ' This manage
ment handles only the big things of the
stage.' "A Girl From Dixie" Is one ' of |
their most pretentious productions, and
the fact that Miss ; Bronte was selected
\vas a ; more . flattering '. testimonial to
her, talents . than pages . of newspaper
praise.' 1 .'¦ ... :'_ , '.
Beatriz Bronte, the California beauty,
returns • to the California Theater on
Sunday . night as . prima donna soprano
of the big musical comedy "A Girl
From Dixie." Miss ';. Bronte is better
known among San Franciscans as»the
daughter . of the . noted operatic tenor,
Slgnor Fernando Michelena, who has
been a resident of this city for several
years. This .will be the\flrst return of
Miss Beatriz to her home city since she
elected to go on the stage. "
Beatriz Bronte, a Famous Beauty,
7 Appears With Honors From the
Eastern Centers. .
"A GIRL FROM DIXIE" WILL
DRAW AT THE CALIFORNIA
CONVICTED OF MANSLAUGHTER.— The
jury In the case of ¦ W. H. Adkins, : a colored
waiter, charged -with * murder. • brought ' In a
verdict- of manslaughter in Judge Cook's
court yesterday afternoon. Adkins shot and
killed Muldoon McDonald, a colored pugilist,
at East and Washington etreets. on December
25, and a claim or self-defense was made.
He will be sentenced on April 30.'
Red Eyes and EyelJds. Granulated
Eyelids and other Eye troubles cured by
Murine Eye Remedy. . . •
Special Officer Delmer said he was at
the corner four times during the night,
but he saw no suspicious characters
around, and he thought the Job must
have been done at 6 o'clock yesterday
morning. Fladmark told the detectives
that a strange man came Into the bar
shortly after 8 o'clock on Thursday
night and after having a drink went
to the rear. He remained there for a
few minutes and left without saying
anything. The supposition is that he
was ' ¦ Implicated in the " burglary and
went '.to the rear t to take ¦ in .the sur
roundings. ' . ' *
It is believed that the burglar Is "Bill
the Borer," who committed numerous
burglaries two or three years ago,* se
curing entrance to the different stores
and residences by sawing a hole in the
door near, the lock. Every effort was
made to arrest him, without success.
A saf ecracker was at • work in the
Western Addition early yesterday
morning or late Tuesday night. The
police have been notified that the gro
cery of O. J. Fladmark, corner of •Ful
ton and Baker streets, was visited and
$161 In coin, a life Insurance policy for
$1000 and' certificates of 300 shares of
the Compressed Air Machinery Com
pany were stolen from the safe. . '
The store was closed at 9 o'clock on
Thursday night, and .wtfen Fladmark
opened It yesterday, morning some one
had been there. Entrance had been ef
fected by sawing a large hole in a panel
of the rear door close to the lock. This
enabled the burglar to unlock the door,
but he was balked by a bolt near the
bottom of the door. He forced back
the bolt. S Nv-
Coin and Valuable Papers
Stolen From the Safe in
0. J. Fladinark ? s Grocery 7
STORE VISITED
BY CRACKSMEN
There will be a festival on May 1 on
the grounds of the German Old Peo
ple's Home, Frultvale, under thi'dl*
rectlon of the officers of tha society
governing that institution and the
German Ladles' Association. It will be
a gathering of people of German . «!?^
scent of this city and Alameda Coun
ty. There will be entertainment of
everj- description, including May pole
dance, bowling, promenade concert,
giees by singing societies and an ora
tion. . . ,w !
German May Festival.
Ida Stewart, who was married to
James W. Stewart at San Rafael in
September, 1902, is seeking a divorce
from him on the ground of neglect.
Alice A. Holmes wants a divorce from
William P. Holmes, to whom she was
married in Fresno in 1900, on the
ground of cruelty. She says he has a
vicious, temper and that when he^is ' in
a rage has no compunctions about
striking, her. Desertion; is the ground
upon which Violet O'Nell wants a di
vorce from' James K. O'Nell, arid is also
the- cause of the complaint filed by
Pierre Alexander La Chapelle against
Emelie Laclere La Chapelle.
Judge HeDbard made an order yes
terday directing ; Andrew Smith to pay
Dlna Smith $30 a month alimony.pend
ing the determination of • her suit for
divorce. An; order directing William
McHugh to pay a similar sum to Mary
F. McHugh was also made by Judge
Hebbard. ' %
count of court costs.
Mary R. Stewart also wants her hus
band cited to appear and- show cause
why he should not be punished for
contempt. She says he owes her $350
back alimony.
Judge Graham granted a divorce for
desertion to Harry Rea from Dora Rea,
and to R. M. de Julio from F. A. de
Julio for neglect.
SUITS ARE INSTITUTED. ;
"You do not know your business,"
shouted ¦ the attorney, "and, further
more, you have acted In a, most.cow
ardly manner during this entire case."
Nordln ' shrugged his v shoulders and
walked away, vouchsafing no reply to*
the attorney.
Nettie Blumenthal, plaintiff in an ac
tion for maintenance against' her hus
band. Emil Blumenthal. son of B. Blu
menthal, the wealthy glove manufac
turer, applied to the Superior Court
yesterday for an order directing young
Blumenthal to appear and show cause
why he should not be punished for con
tempt for. failing . to obey the 'order
made by - Judge Kerrigan April . 16 di
recting him to payVher $25 for her sup
port, $200 counsel fees and $10 on ac-
Judge Hebbard has refused to grant
Edith Chllds a divorce from Jerome
Childs, the mining man,' and has also
denied Childs' application 1 for a decree
which was made in his cross-complaint.
The evidence showed that Mrs. Childs'
charges were groundless, and the
court's findings were rendered accord
ingly. " , i
At the close of the case. Attorney J.
A. Stephen, Mrs. Childs' legal repre
sentative, • and Dr. "J. A. Nordm, the
witness upon whom Stephen relied to
prove his case, had a wordy war. The
doctor •. commented rather, audibly on
Stephen's manner of conducting the
case, which aroused the ire of the law
yer. When Stephen heard Dr^Nordin's
remark he stepped over to' Nordln and
in a most 'belligerent manner told him
that "when he learned his own business
he-would be in a position to comment
upon others."
ACCUSED OF COWARDICE.
Loss of > Suit Causes Com
ment by Physician and a
Warm Retort by Attorney
LAWYER SCORES BOCTOE
Judge Hebbard Finds That
Neither Wife Nor Husband
Is Entitled to a Separation
DENIES DECREE
TO THE CHILDS
,•¦-•-. t- . — •"-!-. ' »* - . * - ¦.."¦'- -».--.¦ *j" V .' '_-•-'- - v ¦,.;.'¦'¦;._,-....-¦-¦. - . J .... ¦ . - ¦¦-» - • ¦ ¦ ..-¦:¦¦ v-:-,'.- '"¦¦¦:.-. ¦*¦,¦',""¦-
THE SAN : FRANGISGO^<GALIj,:- SATURDAY;!' APRIU v23; 1904.
16
HALES. I ~
Ptereale Wrappers Ta=Day
at Halc-S*
¦ , . ..,-11 Cttm^M
As dressy as if they were home-made. As well ntun^ as
if they were made' over 'a model—^they" were. v
Q £5 r> PERCALES with ' square yokes," turn-down '.collars,^ruf fl« at the
OO .^ shoulder, sleeves large -bishop '- ones,, skirt with deep
trimmed throughout with fancy braid; red and white, blue and wmte,
black and white stripes. ' • !
$1 OS FINE DRESSY PERCALES, made with round yoke in
tpi.^O front, V, shape in the back, ruffle around the yoke, 'turn-
over collar., fullsleeves. full skirt with deep flounce; colors red and wmte,
blue and white and black and. white stripes. /
ifc 1 Rf\ ' PERCALE WRAPPERS with large, fancy, scalloped collar
y'^V over the shoulders, bishop sleeves, straight "cuffs, full -skirt
with sweeping flounce. \\. ¦¦¦¦.':
5?%'i Q^I PERCALE WRAPPERS, .front and' back, with .14, tiny
" lit/u tucks,and the sleeves, too, have small tucks, and very full;
fancy standing turn-down collar with tab; : full skirt with tieep flounce.
To-Day; 2880 Boxes French 'Sailor Hats
Tnilft C*n?ir» *r Rnv That' so many -women are anxious
1 Oliet Z>Oap &C *5OX. jf O r. n ow. We believe we have
Three cakes to each box. plenty 'r for. * every one to-day.
Very good -soap, too, for every- Theyfre , made; of straw braid
day use ¦ ,, with wire frames,. $1.50.
Witch hazel/ elderflower and Turk- H « r< ; ZX *-£°T T rr£*Z^l%
...... . , ... . • hats with double rims well sell-
ish bath in each box; and not -.. to .d ay^at $1.15.
small cakes, either. All three of But Best of all *
_ them 5 cents. _ We'll sezv on the flowerswitfc
Best offer of the kind we ve made -. , V « .• e
in a year. ____ • > put charge t o-day, put, of
r ¦ ' V course, ive ask you to buy the
Men's 75c Work Shirts <trimmings : of usl;
at 50c - Satin Taffeta Ribbons.
Those heavy • black drill ones, xt^ t7-*«.u c..n«t» Tp T«
double stitched, double front 1 **™> Fresh Supply Is In.
and back; seams are all fin- The ribbon of all ribbons for trim-
ished, arms, with gussets and ming a hat, making*sashes or belts
extension neck band; pearl but- tor for neck use.
tons; every size, 14 to 17. Light bine Tan Cardinal
•mr 'f o "j • Light pink; Lilac' ' Brown
Men S Suspenders 15c. White Cream Navy
Regularise grade. Those with |^? k et , .gggWulf* ?£.£
strong elastic webbing, strong In f act almost any shade yoo can
buckles, glove button fasteners think of
and leather . ends; many pat- ,'/ • • -
terns and colors. . 3>§-incll — I D C
.'•'/' .. . 4-inch — 2OC.
aw r ~7jsr V 45^-inch— 25c
M/ jdfi&&^S& Sur P" sin g prices, surprising qual-
/jj$/l$ <£ •j23* ' tv » surprising beauty. In fact,
tiExf -^ -^ r they are surprising values through
**^ -^m£2*X> Ooov*>+^ and through.
Market Street, Near Sixth.. *<dfl the new benvs are tied free. ¦
AD VSSTISEMENT8. . - L^V; ' V ¦' :
J7VERY one of the four hundred vehicles -in^
our store is new since January , Jst. The fire, •'
last July took all the old ones. You will be* in- ;[;¦_
terested in seeing the finest assortment of .Car-
riages ever shown west of New York City. : :' ; - - :
of cajliIfornia:. ; . , : '
Carriage RepairingProperly Done.
Market and Tenth Sts.
Catalogues Furnished. '
OUT TO-DAY! I
LUNDSTROM'S
"Peewee Junior"
¦a- sorr mat >
Tlit Ccmroaaida of ti«
'••PEEWEE DERBY"
$2J2
PAGIFIC COAiST:t
HAT WORKS
XAJC£X8(
1458 mARKETST.,,
', Opp. Central Theater, and . -
6O5 KEARNY ST.
To Be
Absolutely
Sure
of
Good
Teas
Coffees
Spices
Baking Powder
* and;
Good Things
to Eat .
Extra Premiums
this week
It pays
to trade.
at
Great American Importing Tea Co
S61 Market 210 Grant itv*. 1419 Polk '
HO Sixth- 1S10 Devtsadero 705 Laxkln
475 Halght 30M Sixteenth 3.V. Hayes
32S5 Mission.: C21 Montg" ave. 62 Market
2CO8 Flllmor* 2516 Mission 146 Ninth
>«« Third . 2732 24th .460 Fourth
l*g|S|£<j£*p3 » AKivER 9 ;
fcg^ Balsam 1 :
- i Promotes the. growth of the hair' and '
J elTesltthela3treancl8lianes3 0f youtn. '
« ; WHea : the h*r is gray or taOea It !
!. BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. !
•; K preTenta Danflrnfl and hair tnlOag 1 ,
<; and keep3 the scalp dean 1 and hcalthr '
4^^ DON'T RUIN
«£!?* YOUR EYES.
SiTfr J?.^ lper> . 1Sc: 2 for Ue- German Er«-
hJ^.. m? ; ." w «« k «y«» «tron». .ore eye» wilU
ERI V r ' eye9 '» By maU ; Kc - CEO - MAT-
¦ KlT E yraEOT. D s^ pert OpUcU - n - mv » AR<
'ACTHli/l A T6 • t *»'cur»i'.' : Caua* fi-
HOl41n'lll5 owi H«*itht,r««tor«L
Al l\r-tv -Vmrtr. ¦•¦¦<¦ Boo* «O FrSC
AjU|\L,|J. . P. RAROLOHATlLi
Buffalo.'. K.-V.-
14-Inch 20c TAFFETA RI.BON on Sale at
I Just 3000 Yards— enough for a one-day rush only. |TJ>^"
M Taffeta Ribbon that's hishly LUSTROUS and WASHABLE In all I %f*
S the newest si.rinE- colorincs. Sold feverywhere at 20c. Your choice to- |b^^v
N day 13c psr yard.. ',- .. . , .1
1 d^^%\ I GREAT SPECIAL IN
I y£@mW' Women's 25c Hosiery
M > Tv A 200 dozen Bargain Lot f*^^^
U ' M T^^^y['/Sj of Women's Finest :REM-\ r J g%
H ">jif* ¦//S*^ ? V BRANDT RIBBED HOSE, best ifW
M y^trtr \f lA • * A*V Hermsdorf dye, 25c quality. per"
ra \ArPI I r^iXu^\- Special to-day only 17c. .. PAIR
I {M w $ *Mw* 4 • * go^ sets worth $2i0 °'
I l\ Special To-Day at
M jl 3^ Ss^J They're the Royal Worcester, in all
H • - ff^^S^^^^^ colors; straight front, lined, extended
H / / ." ,"-¦ ;~rr' -v^vT^ \ '. hip, and made with broad, side steels.
|^^r^^,S^tt":^: 45C iOiii the figure dnt^jrim look.
P ; , ' > SECT7BED - BT OKAWOB— BIBECT PBOM TH3B MXCIr—
1^2 Bar^amfLots ldtf-K)|[t|Biulen^^
H ''.v v J : /yOUB CHOICE TO-DAY 25 C.
Wi LOT 1— LISLE : THREAD vCOTTON ~ LOT 2-FLEECE LINED EGYPTIAN
fi VESTS' In' bl"e> and pink' only.' Low COMBED COTTON VESTS and rants in
H' neck., SleeveleBB.V' A-KOod.'40c QPtp. . cream only.-. Cheap at 50c; »P«-^t)Rr-'
M quality. Special to-day. . ; . . . .J V W , cl . a l : } 0 ~$? y . 9 niy ; y ;v; Vv.v • ':;, r"***^
I ¦ jO^iHancikcrchicfs, 3c Veils Worth Double
P ; ; >They're.madeoVfihe;rawti; most have ¦¦¦ They 4re the"; new CHIFFON DRAPE
H>,;'neat rhemftltchedn border.',; They' re ,; ai VEILS. 1^4 yards- long. _ They're s veils .
M ; •, thousand ' dozen r ln% all. :.To-day. q r ;; that : setl everywhere ¦ at 35c < and | Ct c -!¦ :
a ' each "....;:..... O^ '^ 50c. ,Here;to-dax s at;-.... .:.... . »UV ¦ .
I ;^f ;
B ¦'" I •? '750' CRUSHEDVLEATHBR* BELTS' l ? 60c* i TAFFETA > SILK 7 BELTa.Ox-'. (*,
H ', In'all' the leadlnB«-8hades.r,KH r . - Idlzed; Jjucklea '; 'tront .and OR C .
g /• at..'. .. ;'..;. . ::.:. ."...' OVIV. ¦'.- back. ", Special Uo-day, at... ..-A Ow
S ' SEHDIN YOTJIt JSTAME ANT3 GET BT BETUSIT KAIL OCB SFBXZTO
1 MARKET *