> VIENNA. April 24.— Emperor Francis
Joseph has expressed great surprise , at
the opposition evoked, both in , Hun
gary and in the United States, against
Hungarian "emigration ; blll- - His .Maj
esty, r attributes this .opposition to * K a
misapprehension of -the real tenor of
the - measure.* - The ', Emperor * has " fur
ther declared his conviction that when
the terms of the law are fully under
stood : the. opposition to ; it' will;disap
pear." The Foregin- Office hasl'assared
the/American embassy that the. law la
designed rather to restrict than encour*
age emigration.
Emperor Francis Joseph Declares
That thcHunsarian /Act'ls '--
Not Understood.
SAYS THE E>nGRATION'
/BILL. IS .RESTRICTTVE
, ST. PETERSBURG, ; April-. 24.—Offi
cial dispatches regarding "the; flghtmg
south of the r River Pomakua,, reported
last Friday,- in, which a Russian
tachment lost three, men killed and two
officers and men wounded,
say that a - Japanese' troop-laden" barge
and other^ boats' emerged, from "the
mouth, of the Pomakua 'arid : attempted
to cut off- the' Russian retreat:" 'The
barge was- sunk by/ the Russian 1 guns.
Further /details^ concerning] jhe' s skir
mish say that'ih following up the; gen
eral plan^Tto } harass:- and-i impede 1 the
Japanese crossing/ the- Yalu'%the>;Rus
sian- outposts, on | the river; sent^ a; de
tachment of volunteers in boats on*the
night of April'21,:for\the purpose of set-"
ting . fire to ; the /Japanese • pontoons < and
other - ; bridge '(materials. / 5 The - boats
grounded, 6n;a 'sandbank near ithe':Ko-"
reari side' arid 'drew -the j fire of the /Jap
anese outpost.- -There was 'a^ sharp"-fusil
lade at I close/ range: • ¦¦ The \ position r of
the boats was hlghlyi critical* owingjto
the appearance - of ' a •- number of -light
barges filled ¦ /with M Japanese)? coming
from ¦ a ; small }: stream : 'calltd
the Pomakua,'; which Us iunmarked'eveiv
on . the : maps of : the\;Russian *¦ general
staff: '•¦¦'': ''^'-ifnJlf'Bffl^^tlWilSPiBftr'flBiffW
*. The -'Intention; of the '.was ; to
cut off the retreat' of the*RussIans.",Th!s
was. noticed "from" the" other * bank : two
HAMBURG, Iowa, April 24.— John C.
Goodlow, an : honest old negro, was the
victim of a fiendish practical joke per
petrated by. a number of young bloods
a few nights ago. Air of the partici
pants maintained - a discreet silence
about the affair, and the victim was
buried with a certificate from the Cor
oner's Jury that death was due to
"natural causes."
It has leaked out that Goodlow came
to his death _ as a result of tortures and
torments at the . hands of the whites
In an orgie, for which one at least of
the participants has come to regret the
part he played In 1 1.
The affair was Intended as a . Joke.
Goodlow was accused of some Imag
inary crlme t and the jokers proceeded
to mete out to him the punishment
which they pretended he so richly de
served. After tif ing him 'with ' ropes
and nailing his feet to aboard he was
covered with wood and shavings and a
kerosene rag placed near his nose so
that he would get the smell: A bucket
of water, which- the victim was in
formed was coal- oil, was thrown upon
him and preparations were made to,ap
ply the torch .when the old man ceased
his outcries.
Then the jesting ceased'. The ¦ jokers
realized their fun had been carried too
far. They removed : the ; debris and be
gan to untie the negro. When it was
discovered thati he w ; as dead he was
carried quietly away and dumped '. into
a corncrib," where'the ; body was found
the' next day. - : ; •
; The tragedy was enacted 'across the
Missouri line, near? what is known as
the State • L'inc saloon; r the proprietor
of which has disappeared . from the
neighborhood.' \ ./
Goodlow ' was 61-; years . ;of age. He
had lived"* here- twenty-six iyeirs and
had • always provided- well ' f or J his .'fam
ily. :-..:;., :-..- : .;. ; ,".:,¦/ : ; 'J-:-^~_i;
Continued ; on • Pace \ 2. > Column '\ 2.
\ BERLIN, April 24!— Engineer Mare,
who : has jbeen : seeking; to - find a way
to enable '/passengers to enter and
leave express^ trains; traveling- at full
speed,; thus: avoiding- the delays of
stopping,-, has constructed , an ;< electric
carriage, which 'stands-, on a siding
when! the~ express goes by at 'full speed
on', the' main line.- -When the, express
passes { Mare's ¦ carriage starts in | pur-"
suit, ? and, : as ¦ it , runs , at .higher '. speed,
it. soon -catches ', the' express. * Grapling
Irons; 'are>, then -thrown Tout -and the
passengers are ; transferred. ,
Experiments .'have*, shown a
train can ;, be caught,", twenty^ passen
gers ; transferred t and ;the .electric ;> car
be'?back: at- the'statiori" again dlscharg-,
ing the • passengers within ; eight min
utes."- " " "* '-.'.. '.. ','i ". /
German Inventor Finds Way. of Eliml
; , nating \ Delays Due to • Stooping
at'Stations/xi. 1 *
PASSENGERS • BOARD
—-, . . . FAST GOING ' TRAIN'S
Slav Field Gun
Sinks Japanese
Barge.
JAPANESE AMBUIaAN'CE ',VS AC
TION NBAH YALU, AND EARL'S
SON WHO IS GOING TO «WAB. •
¦¦¦ BUDAPEST, April. 24.— Aserious riot
is - reported ' to have taken • place at the
market; town of Elesd '. near* Grosswar
dein, ! resulting from "a* collision" between
meetings. of the socialist and indepen
dent, parties.",. , • - '.-.-,
1 , While order was being restored by
the " gendarmes. a -socialist- fired a re
volver,*- killing .the- commander. The
gendarmes 'thereupon -fired.; a volley,
killing : twenty-three ;of the rioters and
severely wounding; forty.';- The military
was summoned i from* Grbsswardein.
The winter has been an unusually
long one and the closed season of navi
gation * is - beyond precedent, but there
are no fears .that the islandera^have
wanted for the necessaries of 'life.
Ample, supplies of food, cards, maga
zines and books were left at the island
when the lighthouse keepers took their
departure, rand fish and poultry no
doubt have, proved welcome diversions
to the "¦- regular fare. It Js considered
that all are alive and we(J-
HANCOCK, Mich., April 24.— As com
pletely cut oft from civilization as if
they were Inhabitants of some, undis
covered land, four men and one woman
have spent 146 days on Isle Royale.
Keweejiaw County, Lake Superior.
There has been no communication with
the icebound islanders since December
8, when a-steamshiD left Isle Royale
for Duluth, taking with it all of tho
residents except; the five who have
spent th*e winter there.
Four 31 en and a Woman Isolated
on Lake Superior Nearly Five ,
Months.
ICEBOUND ON* AN ISLANTV ~~Q~~|
SINCE EARLY DECEMBER
Thorndike fired three times and
each'of the bullets went through the
tail of the officer's coat. One of
Swenson's bullets evidently struck the
man in the chin, * for he was ; seen to
throw back his head. : Another, struck
him in the left arm. The fugitive was
running south on Third street and
when he was struck in the, chin he
stopped and\ almost fell. .He, then
walked slowly"; into the ; yard of C. . W.
Quilty on the east side of Third street,
in the middle of the .block. Swenson
fired the five shots in his .-revolver
and was without anyfammunition.
; By this time a large, crowd had been
attracted by the ¦ shooting. Charles
Coons, a hack driver, - handed Swen
son a loaded revolver* and -the officer
took it and , tried to ; find * his man ;in
the garden. , In the meantime thepo
lice'had been telephoned to "and Of
ficers Langford and O'Malley. respond
ed. ¦' A search of the ground "_of; the
Quilty residence was "then commenced.
Under a sort of a porch in the rear of
the. south side ; of the -house" the of
ficers': lanterns showed the crouching
form of Thorndike. „, ' /' ,..,
Swenson the. man -to
come out and the fellow responded ,by
shooting; at the officer. • Swenson :and
Langford returned the" fire..;: Again he
was told ; to - come*, out- and surrender.'
.''I'm : too; badly > : hurt,"; :'l responded
Thorndike, at' the same .time shooting
at: -the officers. This .time . Swenson
fired and; the. man: was heard to groan.
In 'a j few seconds the 'officers: dragged
him 'from, the place and took him 'to
the Receiving; Hospital. .He was still
alive,' but slowly dying. '.- ,
City ; . Physician 'Harris was •: called."
He found /Thorndikeiwithta wound on
the right side * of the '• jaw, another : in
the ; right^temple, ; which ',' passed ' out
on the -opposite > side of the "head;
crushing .the; frontal bone/ and fa; bul
let in** the"'- right • arm, near the : elbow.'
At:2:54 o'clpck ; he died. • : 1 ; -*¦"¦';'¦
s k Chief Carroll tried ' to get a statement
FUGITIVE OPENS FIRE.
When Thorndike reached the door
he ran downstairs. A minute later
Guiltenan had recovered his conj
posure, and, revolver in hand, started
down the stairs after the man. When
he reached the sidewalk - Thorndike
was turning into Fountain, allev and
Guiltenan nred his revolver to attract
the police. The robber ran along
south on Second street and Guiltenan
followed at a short distance behind.
Turning uo Third street Thorndike
ran into Policeman Theodore Swen
son at the 'corner, of Third. The po
liceman ordered the man to halt, but
he .paid no attention and when the
officer tried to head him off. he drew
hia revolver and fired -at- him. Swen
son was not ten feet away and he at
once fired at the fleeing man. ;
The inmates of the place were then
lined ud- with their hands above their
heads. Reaching into a drawer of the
table Thorndike filled his pockets with
gold pieces and then expressed a desire
for a ?1000 diamond ring that glistened
on the finger of William George.' The
ring was at once handed over and
placing it on his finger the robber
backed out of the place keeping the
men in the room covered with his guns.
No attempt was made to rob the men
in the place, and the fellow did not
speak a dozen words. He went about
his work- nervously. - He had been ; in
the clubrooms once ortwice before, but
his disguisfe was so complete no one
knew him. : >'¦'•. i -<<,-A
BANDIT TARES RING.
The Del Monte Social Club is located
at 13 South First street on the second
floor of the Archer building. At 12:45
this morning Thorndike threw, open the
doors. of the place and entered. He
wore a red bandana over his face and
a. black slouch hat. "A long gray al
paca duster and overalls made up the
rest of his disguise. In. each hand he
had a j revolver and as soon as he^ got
inside of the door -he demanded "Hands
up;"^-,^^:;^; -^-^.- V. -'.."*
viSea ted "about " a..; table- .were - Jack
Gul 1 tena n " and/, Wiiliaro^George, . prp
prietbrs,v and' ' -Everett -George.,*^'- P.
Marten, Jack" Kerr and ¦ a^ man named
Davis. They, thought- the 'masked in
truder was ' Joking and some 'one told
him to get out. He' came closer to
them and in order to enforce . his de
mand poked two of them with his re
volvers.
SAN JOSE, April 24.— Driven to des
peration by his losses on the races and
gambling," Albert P. Thorndike, a pop
ular young society and business man.
essayed the ; role of a masked robber
this morning to recoup his finances.
At the Del Monte Social Club, a well
known resort, he held up five of the in
mates, took a $1000 diamond ring from
one of the proprietors and then tilled
his pockets with twenty-dollar pieces
from the drawer. In an hour he was
captured by- the police. He had two
mortal wounds in his head and soon oc
cupied a slab in the morgue.
! To enter upon this sensational career,
Thc-rndike had left his wife and baby
in a luxurious-. home on Stockton ave
nue. His friends claim that gambling
had driven him insane, and . that for
the past few days he had not been him
self. .¦'¦¦• . . .-.
Not since the Dunham murders in
1S06 has so much interest been created
\>y a crime In this city.
A rumor was circulated "that Thorn
dike had committed suicide when cor
nered, but this is dispelled by the fact
that he was not powder burned. Be
yond all of doubt Officer
Fwenson 'inflicted the three wounds.
Chief Carroll in speaking of the crlms
stated he believed that Thorndike
through his losses in gambling on the
races and otherwise was tempted, to
commit" the robbery. Th«* revolvers
found on th«» dead man were of the
cheapest kind.
An inquest will be held to-morrow
afternoon at 2 o'clock over the remains
of Thorndike. No new developments
are looked for. except that testimony
will be introduced tending to show that
hi* mind was diseased. The body, of
the dead man was removed v from the
Morgue to undertaking parlors this aft
ernoon.
from the dying man. He asked him
who he was and he answered v.hat
sounded like "Bob Lee." Ho wa3
asked if he was from Sacramento and
he nodded his head. No one present,
and there was a score of spectators,
recognized the body as that of Thorn
dike. A search, of the b9dy disclosed
$373 30, nearly all in gold, and the dia
mond ring taken from George. Be
neath the alpaca duster and overalls
were a light coat, red sweater and
striped trousers.
Albert P. Thorndike was about 3ft
years of age. His mother, who is
wealthy, is living in Stockton. He was
raised -in San Jose. Ten years ago he
married Miss Bertha Bruce, a popular
young society girl and daughter of tbjq
late G. M. Bruce, a capitalist of this
city. The widow has a boy 7 years of
age. Thorndike had made his hum^
with his wife's mother, Mrs. G. M.
Bruce, at 55 Stockton avenue. For
a while "he conducted a grocery on
the Alameda, near Stockton avenue,
arid 'later was manager of Wemple's
grocery in this city. It Is said
he, was also assistant librarian in the
State Library at Sacramento. For
some time. Thorndike had been a part
ner of A. C. Eaton in the job printing
business. .He has not been attending
tobusiness properly for some time,
and -.last .Thursday he transferred .his
Interest in the printing-office to. hi*
wife - Eaton 'declares, the man acted as
though .be were- insane. '¦¦ ¦ ' •'¦ ¦-, -
. i. Thorndike has. been playing the* races
and gambling heavily, and It i3 ru
mored that during the : present month
he squandered about $2000. Nearly
every day he went to San Francisco to
gamble on the races, and yesterday h-2
returned from there sadly downcast.
It is supposed he lost heavily.- HU
finances were badly entangled, and it 13
thought he planned this morning rob
bery in order to secure money to meet
pressing bills.
Mrs. Thorndike has considerable prop
erty in her own name, and she and
her husband moved in the most exclu
sive society in the city. JJ_
MAN PROBABLY INSANE.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Desperate Encounter on the
Streets of the Garden
City at Night. |
FIGHT CLOSES
LIFE RUINED
BY GAMBLING
SOCIETY MAN OF SAN JOSE PLAYS ROLE OF BANDIT AND IS KILLED
CARS CROWDED
WITH SOLDIERS
ARE WRECKED
have received no details of the wreck.
The names of the victims are not
known here.
Relief was sent from Needles and the
injured were taken back to that place.
General Superintendent Shepard
started from Los Angeles to the scene
of the -wreck by a special train this
afternoon to investigate. General
Manager Wells and the local officials
troopers were caught in the wreckage.
crews escaped by jumping. The cars
were telescoped and the unfortunate
'Special Dispatch to The Call.
One Man Killed and Many
Injured by a Disaster %
in the South.
LOS ANGELES, April 24. — A spe
cial passenger train on the Santa Fe
toad, -which wts loaded with soldiers
en route to the Presidio at San Fran-
Cisco, was -wrecked this morning at
Hartoum, the first station west of
Needle?. One soldier, James M.
Bowers, was killed arid a dozen sol-
Viiers were seriously injured.
The disaster was caused by the mili
tary train colliding head-on with a
light engine, eastbound. Both loco
motives were badly wrecked, but the
LOUBET'S VISIT
A ROMAN FETE
MIDAIR FIGHT
WITH LUNATIC
Arrival of French President
in Italy Is Made . an
Event of Much Import
Police and Firemen Have
Desperate Struggle With
Maniac on Window Sill
Sp«cJal Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK. April 24.— Robert Hynd
man, suffering from ear trouble, sud
denly became a raving maniac at the
Manhattan Eye and Ear Hospital last
night at midnight. He crashed the
panes ot a sixth floor window, mounted
the sill in full view of those in the
street and proceeded to execute crazy
war dances on the narrow ledge,
screaming like an Indian and defying
all to try and dislodge him. Pacific
measures failed.
Police were called, but they' were
fearful the madman would jump into
the street if they approached from the
inside.
The fire department was then called
out and an extension ladder was raised
until its top rung barely reached the
sixth floor. Captain Clark said he
would go up with such men as cared
to follow him. Two firemen stepped
forward, and Clark stealthily made his
way up the ladder with them beside
him.
A sudden shout from inside uttered
at the right moment made Hnydman
turn his head just as Clark gained the
ledge. Instantly the fire captain flung
his left arm about the insane man's
neck and tried to choke him. In spite
of Clark's strength, however, he had
an adversary equally, , as powerful.
Hyndman's grip never relaxed, and he
threw Clark about as a terrier would
a rat- ?j- \
Desperately the midair battle was
fought, while powerless spectators
looked on, expecting that every step
would send both men headlong to the
earth. On the top rungs of the ladder
Scanlon and Kimler w^ere reaching: out
their arms toward the combatants, and
eventually they caught hold of Hynd
man'fl legs. Even then the efforts of
the firemen were almost as nothing to
the maniacal strength of the man they
were trying to subdue.
In a moment, however, Scanlon and
Kimler had pushed their way onto the
ledge and fell in a heap on the fighting
men. Then through the window the po
licemen reached out and dragged the
four men over the ledge and into the
room, where they fell struggling on the
floor.
Hyndman was subdued with difficul
ty, and fought until he was taken to
the Bellevue Hospital.
HOME. April 24.— President Loubet,
accompanied by Foreign Minister Del
casse and a distinguished party of
French officials, arrived In Rome to
day to repay the visit of King Victor
Emmanuel to Paris in October last.
Th^y were met at the station by the
King, who went in state, accompanied
by the Duke of Genoa, the Count of
Turin and other court dignitaries. At
the station also were the members of
the Italian Cabinet, representatives of
the Senate. Chamber of Deputies and
til the high officers of state.
As the President stepped from the
train the Prince of Colonna, Mayor of
Rome, formally welcomed him on be
half of the city. The King and the
President embraced each other, while
the "Marsellaise"* was played by sev
eral bands.
The drive to the Quirinal was then
taken up and it had all the appearance
cf. a triumphal march, culminating in
en ovation at the palace, where Presi
dent Loub^t. King Victor Emmanuel,
Queen Helena and the Princes were
obliged to appear on the balcony three
times.
Embassador Meyrr. Charlemagne
Tower. United States Embassador to
Germany, and Andrew D. White, the
lormer Embassador to Germany, wit
nessed the passage nf the procession
from the garden of the American
Church, in which a tribune has been
erected. On this tribune were also
many members of the diplomatic corps
f>res*nt and several Americans, lnclud
ng Bishop Leonard of Ohio and G. B.
Thomas of Philadelphia. Along the
route were massed more than 600,000
persons, including many from the prov
inces and abroad.
Immediately after she had welcomed
President Loubet, Queen Helena sent a
cordial telegram to Mme. Loubet, say
ing "that the rejoicing to-day only
lacked the presence of her, whose
amiability had won her -tfTTections
while in Paris."
AH Rome was magnificently illumi
nated to-*nlght. A torchlight proces
sior in which 15.000 persons participat
ed produced a fantastic effect. The
procession crossed th<? town to the
Quirlnal. where it made an imposing
demonstration and was witnessed by
100,000 persons. President Loubet, the
King and Queen and the Princes saw
the torchlight procession from the bal
cony of tho Quirinal. on which they
remained for twenty minutes, being
constantly acclaimed.
From an official source it is learned
that Italy desires to prove that, while
loyal to the Triple Alliance, she is quite
free to maintain friendly relations with
other powers, hating for her object the
maintenance of peace.
President Loubet dined with the King
and Queen at the Quirinal.
LONDON. April 24.— The Turkish
embassy here issued a report to-day
that Armenian malefactors"' had at
tacked the Mohammedan village at
Latchghian, Asiatic Turkey,. and had
committed horrible crimes upon the
inhabitants— men, women and chil
dren alike. ' . .
ARMENIANS ACCUSED
OF BASE OUTRAGES
MORGAN IS IN LONDON
TO CONSULT SPECIALIST
Financier Admits His Health Is Fail
ing and Says He Is Paying Pen
alty for Hard Work.
LONDON, April 24.— "I have come
here merely for my health and for a
holiday," said J. Pierpont Morgan at
Bristol to-day. "I came to consult a
specialist. I am going to Aix les
Bains next week. I am not well. I
have been working too ¦; hard and am
paying the penalty."
RUSSIA BUYING WARSHIPS.
JjONDOX. April 25. — The Daily
Telegraph's Brussels correspondent
says that agents of the Russian Gov
ernment have signed agreements to
purchase thr^e large men-of-war con
structed at Genoa for the Argentine
Republic at a price of $18,200,000. One
of the Khips. the Garibaldi, is a vessel
<>f 1 2,000 tons. W0&&
BERLIN.. April 24. — It is stated
that the Hamburg-American line
steamships Columbia. Bengalia and
H.'lpia havp been sold to the Russian
Government.
KRON.STADT. April 24. — The new
battleship Alexander III has gone into
<;ommisfcion and is the first vessel of
the Baltic fleet to hoist a pennant this
year.
The San Francisco Call
LUCKY SHOT AT LONG RANGE
SAVES RUSSIAN VOLUNTEER
FORCE FROM ANNIHILATION
REVOIiUTIONISTS ; ARE .".
HANGED' FOR' CONSPIRACY
Eishtxum MemRerwrtcd to"HaAC i Suf
'/.' '; ; fercd : Deatii , for Their Part in
-'¦;; ;"a* Polish :PIOt. ;.">
.WARSAW; April ¦ 2 4.-— -It lisreported
tha^ 'eighteen conspirator^ : f have ibeen
harigedtaf ter,[ their;. trial , in 'connection
with !a"?Polisht revolutionary; plot. f ?i-
THE THIATEBS. / • .
¦ - — — — ***•*.* <_ ' * ~\
Aleasar — "Tk« New Clowa.*. =.^i
California— "A Girl Pr«n Dixie."
Central-— "Tho Still Alum." "^
Chutes— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "annuls sr for OHce."
Fischer's— "Chow-Chow."
Grand — "riddle-Dee-Dee."
Majestic— "The Crisis."
Orpheuin— -Vaudeville.
Tivoli — "When -Johnny . Comes
Karchinsr Home."
Forecast * mafie at San - Trail -
dcoo for tMrty boors «adlar
xnidnlarfct. April 85:
San Francisco and vicinity—
Partly cloudy Xoaday; fresh
southwest wtad. s
o. ac. wrcz^ozr.
X.ocaJ JTorecaster.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 147.
SAN FRANCISCO, :MQNDAY,t APRIL 25, 1904;
PRICE FIVE. CENTS:
MILITARY TRAIN CRASHES INTO A RAILROAD ENGINE
ONE soldier was killed and twelve were seriously injured in a train wreck i n Southern California yesterday
morning. A passenger train on the Santa Fe road crashed into j. light engine and the crowded cars We^e. tel
escoped. The names of the injured persons are not yet known in Los Angeles. Prominent railroad officials
hurried to the scene of the accident and it is thought that several men in the military detachment were killed.
rTTHE-masked arid formidably armed bandit who held up several men in the Del Monte Social Club in San Jose
:_T .yesterday morning '.was killed by the police. His name was Albert B. Thorndike and he was popular in society.
•¦ ¦ He had suffered severe losses at card tables and racing tracks and sought'by crime to replenish a small fortune
he had* dissipated; The fatal wounds were the result of a duel with officers.
FEAR KILLS
THE VICTIM
OF JOKERS
Epect&l Dispatch to The Call.
GENDARMES
FIRE UPON
SOCIALISTSThe Birmingham : school authorities
not /only, teach' the . children " how -to
cook, but how to shop economically. : :
LONDON, April ; 24.— To the number
of famous and interesting 'personalities
at the theater of war will shortly; be
added young^Lord Brooke, heir of the
Earl of Warwick, who will leave Lon
don for Harbin, Manchuria, on April
27, as war correspondent for Reuters'.
Telegram Company. . , i ,
Though only 21 years old, Lord
Brooke, who is a son ! of one of the
famous court beauties, the Countess of
Warwick, has already been in two
wars. He refused to , stay . home when
Great Britain was fighting the Boers
and ran off to the Transvaal ..with the
yeomanry. There he became aide-de
camp to Lord Milner. : the British H£gh
Commissioner. Last year c*. ( young
Brooke, weary , of peaceful : England,
went' to' the} Balkans, where he acted
aa war correspondent "during the out-
Heir of the Earl of Warwick to Act
as Press .Correspondent.
WILL WATCH THE WAR.
NEW ORLEANS, April 24.r-Dr. Isi
dore Dyer, professor of skin diseases in
a New Orleans polyclinic, is j the only
physician in this State who has cured
leprosy. He said in x ,a lecture. last night,
that he and his two > assistants had
cured ten cases of leprosy and that sev
eral cases under treatment were on the
road to recovery. Dr. Dyer went on to
say:
'.'The time must come when the leper
home will be sought by ; victims of the
disease, when the law w.ill be forgotten
or not needed, 'when .; the i leper will
knock - at the - door and , beg for admit
tance to be relieved < of the double bur
den of body and soul distress.
"Is there any hope fonthe leper? Can
I tell you here that j in Louisiana my
assistants and I have in ten years re
moved all evidence of ; the disease in
nearly a'dozen cases? -Will you be im
pressed with the statement that in two
years, since the last' part of 1902, every
case has been improved ; by ; treatment
and that: three f of the present Inmates
are almost, well?" "
New Orleans Physician Declares That
, . He Has Restored Ten
Persons.
LOUISIANA DOCTOR SAYS
HE 'CAN CURE LEPROSY
ST. PETERSBURG, April 24.— By
imperial order there have been organ-,
ized at Port Arthur one battalion of
military telegraphers, four battalions
of sappers, each to include two pontoon
and one telegraph detachment, and one
pontoon battalion for the construction
of a 100-fathom bridge.
Viceroy Alexieff has issued a notifica
tion to the effect that" newspaper cor
respondents using wireless telegraphy
will be treated as spies. The notifica
tion is the same as that served on th°
State Department at Washington on
April 15 by Ambassador Cassini.
Adjuncts to Russian Land Forces Are
: Being Organized. ¦ ; £,
BATTALIONS OP SAPPERS.
Legislation directly affecting the
labor interests of the country received
consideration In the two houses, but
final action was not taken. The eight
hour bill wa3 referred to the Depart
ment of Commerce and Labor for in
vestigation and report, and the anti
injunction bill was postponed by the
committee until the next session.
In the Senate the confirmation of
General Leonard Wood as a major
general was accomplished after much
inquiry and objection.
The right of Senator Reed Smoot of
Utah to his seat in the Senate resulted
in an investigation, still in progress.
Involving the Mormon religion and
practices. s . ¦
In the House much business has been
transacted. At no time has there been
factious delay caused by a desire to
filibuster on the part of the minority,
hut there: has been considerable debate
and many campaign speeches have
been delivered. In the House there
were 15,698 bills, 349 resolutions, 152
joint resolutions and 61 concurrent
resolutions introduced. Of these 2256
were passed. -. ...
; In the Senate there were 15,234 bills
introduced.
Government; $450,000 was appropriated
for a Government exhibit at Lewis
and Clark exposition at Portland and
$25,000 for an Alaskan exhibit at the
latter fair.
The only direct dealings had with the
postal scandals was. the investigation
by the House of the connection of its
members with clerk hire increases in
third and fourth-class postoffices and
representations regarding leases. This
investigation cleared every member
from any improper conduct in the mat
ter.
The House, by independent action,
directed an investigation of the al
leged "beef trust" by the Department
6f Commerce and Labor. The Attor
ney General was given the benefit of
the unexpected appropriation, made by
Congress for the prosecution of the
trust, an amount aggregating $475,000.
The extension of the east front of the
Capitol bunding was provided -for and
provision was made for an office build
ing for Senators to correspond with the
proposed office buildings for members
of the' House of Representatives. These
buildings are to cost in the neighbor
hood of $5,000,000 each.
Impeachment proceedings were begun
in the House against Federal Judge
Swayne of the Northern District of
Florida, but after a majority report
from the committee favoring impeach
ment the matter was sent back to com
mittee and made a special order for
the next session.
The creation of two additional States
in the Union was provided for In a bill
which passed the House, but not the
Senate. Oklahoma and Indian Terri
tory were united as Oklahoma; Arizona
and New Mexico as Arizona.
LABOR MEASURES.
The torpedo boats are now at Libau,
where their engines are being over
hauled. '
"We, met the cruisers Kasaga and
Nisshin (the warships purchased by
Japan from Argentina and now With
Vice Admiral Togo's fleet) at Port Said,
but we. had not the slightest desire to
stop them. They_ had all the appear
ance of merchantmen and their, rough
crews dangled their legs over, the eld«>s
of the vessels." '
ST. PETERSBURG, April 24.— Rear
Admiral Wirenlus has just returned
from his unsuccessful attempt to re
inforce the Port Arthur fleet with his
squadron, consisting of the battleship
Oslabya, the cruisers Aurora and
Dmitri Donskoi, eleven torpedo boats
and two transports. , .
In an interview the admiral com
plained of the stringency of the neu
trality at Suez and Port Said. The
British authorities would not allow
the vessels to remain more than
twenty-four hours and permitted them
to take on only meager allowances of
coal. The admiral said:
Russian Admiral Complains of His
Treatment at. the Suez Canal.'
BRITAIN'S STRICT NEUTRALITY.
NEWCHWANG, April 24.— The Rus
sians are preparing to resist a Japan
ese advance by the further construction
of intrenchments and- other fortifica
tions on the Manchurian side of the
Yalu River, especially opposite the
points where the Japanese have con
centrated their forces within the last
few days, and all reports of a decisive
engagement on the Yalu are premature.
¦Intrenching on the .Yalu.
George S. Nixon, the well-known
banker of Winnemucca, -who has been
selected as, the Republican candidate
for the United States Senatorial toga
now worn by William M. Stewart, ar
rived in this city yesterday and Is
staying at the Palace.
A party of prominent residents of
Los Angeles, including J. W. A. Off,
Dr. W. W. Hitchcock, Herbert J. Cor
nish, R. H. Lacy, Clarence A. Miller,.
D. A. Hart and George B. Earnshaw,
arrived here yesterday and is staying
at the Palace. Its members are stock
holders in the Zubiat Mining Company
of Mexico and. have come here to at
tend an annual meeting. '-. '
Alberto Terrazas, son of the Gov
ernor of the state of Chihuahua, Mex
ico, Is a guest at the Palace. He is
visiting the city, in connection with a
big deal in which Thomas H. Williams
and others are interested.
J. B. Murphy, a capitalist of Chi
cago, is at the Palace, having returned
yesterday from the Orient
A. W. Strauss, a retired merchant of
Boston, and his wife, who have been
visiting Yosemite Valley, ! are at the
St. Francis.
Dr: Ella C. Gage of Chicago is at the
Palace." " * " "
Dr. G. F. p'bpe' of Battle Mountain,
Nev., is at the Grand.
H. C. Schroeder, Assessor of Nevada
County, is at the Lick. .
Will M. Flannery, a merchant of
Marysville, is at the Lick.
W. G. Purnell, a stationery dealer of
Sacramento, is at the Lick.
G. J. Rector, cashier of a bank of
Nevada City, is at the Lick.
C. P. Vicini, a lawyer of Jackson,
registered at the Lick yesterday.
E. C. Farnsworth, an attorney of
Visalia, is registered at the Lick.
H. A. Green, one of Monterey's
capitalists, is staying at the Grand.
W. B. Buckmeister, a quicksilver
magnate of Boston, is at th*e Palace.
Judge Thomas, P. Hawley of'Nevada
arrived at the St. Francis yesterday.
Maurice M. Wall, a wealthy lumber
man of Buffalo, and his wife are at the
St. Francis.
C. Lacy Goodrich, purser of the
steamship America Maru, is. regis
tered at the St. Francis.
PERSONAL.
ST. PETERSBURG. April 24.— In di
plomatic circles a great deal of impor
tance is laid upon the return of French
Embassador Bompard to-morrow. It
being supposed that he brings in his
rccket some plan for the solution of
the question regarding a cessation of
hostilities. However, the diplomatists
have proved themselves the sorriest
prophets in the past few months and I
may assure you that their opinions and
hopes are now little likely to be real
ized. The suggestion of intervention,
even upon the assumption of one Rus
sian victory, Ik met here with a howl
of derision! The Novoe Vremya say3
the question is not to be discussed, and
this reflects the general opinion.
1 am told that among the losses on
the Petropaviovsk was a large sum of
money— especially large owing to the
Government foreseeing the probability
of Port Arthur being cut off and it wa3
thought necessary to have a big fund
there, which was in the hands of the
naval commander and the Petropav
iovsk happened to be the treasure ship.
I have heard the sum placed as high
as $12,000,000.
According to information just re
ceived it appears that Grand Duke
Cyril, after being rescued, was found.
Russians Scoff at l*roposed Mediation
by the Powers.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrirht. lfK>4. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
DARK OUTLOOK FOR PEACE.
SHANGHAI, April 24. — Fearing a
possible attack, the Chinese officials
have decided to remove the Shanghai
arsenal to Wuhu, an Inland town
about 150 miles west of Shanghai. It
is estimated that the entire cost of
moving the arsenal will reach 3,000,000
taels.
China to Remove an Arsenal.
Nag-amori, whose agricultural in
vestigations have resulted in the for
mulation of extensive schemes for the
cultivation of the waste lands of
Korea, is at the head of another bank-
Ing, venture in Korea.
The Japanese authorities are send
ing an official to the Anju region to
resupply the Korean farmers of that
locality with seed grain, the treating
Russians having divested them of
their stock in hand. This will insure
a crop for. the coming year and the
provisioning of the Japanese army in
Korea.
SEOUL, Korea, April 24.— That the
civil as well as the military occupation
of Korea is effective is evidenced by
the economic development under con
sideration and the extension of bank
ing activity. The Daiiehi Glnko, a
Japanese bank, has opened a branch
at Anju for the purpose of handling
military funds and engaging in bul-«
lion and specie transactions with the
American mines at Unsan. A Korean
bank has been long desired, but it had
not been established, owing to the lack
of public confidence- in the integrity
of a Korean management. Matsu
mato, a capitalist of Osaka, Japan,
now proposes to utilize Korean and
Japanese capital for the organization
of a bank similar in its scope to the.'
Russo-Chinese Bank in China, to
finance and stimulate industrial enter
prise.
Japanese Financiers to Establish
Strong Monetary Institutions.
OPENING BANKS IN KOREA.
NEWCHWANQ, April 24.— There is
n& official information that any decisive
fighting has taken place on the. Yalu
River, neither have any reliable reports
been received here that the Japanese
have yet attempted to cross, although
the opposing lines, it is understood,
now skirt the two banks of the river..
Yalu Separates Rival Armies.
Numerous charges of fraud In the
conduct of primaries for the selection
of delegates are made by the Hearst
leaders, and these were the subject of
a long conference to-day, in which the
.subject of calling a separate State'con
vention and selecting a full set of dele
gates to St. Louis was v discussed, but
no positive action was taken. The
Hearst men profess to believe that
Bryan will control the convention and
that a delegation of anti-reorganizers
from this State would be recognized In
preference to a Parker delegation.
INDIANAPOLIS, April 24.— Out of a
total of 141 delegates selected in eight
counties yesterday afternoon and last
night to attend the Democratic State
Convention, to meet on May 12, Judge
Parker obtained ninety-eight and W.
R. Hearst forty-three.
In.VIgo County the Hearst men bolt
ed the convention after an hour of
wrangling, organized a separate con
vention and selected a contesting dele
gation. The Parker men received the
regular credentials and will no doubt
be seated in the convention.
Jurist Continues to Triumph in the
County Conventions of the
. Democrats.
WALKOVER* FOR PARKER
FORCES IN INDIANA
PORT ARTHUR, April 24.— The
Chicago Daily News dispatch boat,
which approached on Friday night,
was boarded by Russian officers.' The
correspondent was arrested, but was
liberated on condition that he avoid
the Kwangtung Peninsula in future. '
All is quiet and there is no (change
in the situation here.
Chicago Correspondents Again In
Trouble at Port Arthur.
PRESS .BOAT BOARDED.
A previous dispatch from Seoul stated
that owing to. the impossibility of find
ing suitable quarters for. the marines,
the tranquillity prevailing in. Seoul at
present and the presence of a Japanese
garrison sufficient to preserve order it
had been decide^ to reduce the United
States legation guard.
SEOUL, Korea, Saturday, April 23 —
Lieutenant Douglass C. McDonald,
United States marine corps, and sev
enty marines, formerly on duty at the
American legation* here, will sail for
Manila on the United States naval col
lier Pompeii, instead of on the United
States cruiser "Halelgh, as previously
announced. . - ¦¦¦'¦ '¦¦•¦¦¦ —. ¦'
American Bluejackets Will Sail From
Korea on the Pompeii.
COLLIER TO CARRY . MARINKS.
; The Alaska delegate bill is before the
'House ;as a "continuing order," to be
considered in ¦ the.absence of confer
ence reports which are yet to .come on
the military academy, the general de
ficiency and the sundry civil appropri
ation bills. The outlook Is declared by
the. . leaders to iijulcate an exceedingly
busy windup.
The time of, the Senate will be de
voted wholly to clearing the calendar
preparatory, to adjournment There re
mains only one appropriation bill to be
passed by the Senate, that for the mil«
itary academy. A number of the sup
ply bills are still In conference, how
ever, and it Is expected .there will be
more or less discussion of conference re
ports. The general calendar is very
heavy and an effort will be made to
pass as many' of these measures as
possible.
WASHINGTON, April 24.— Long day
and night sessions is the .programme in
the House this week, -as the- leaders
plan to .end the. session on Thursday.
On Monday Williams, minority
leader, is, to be granted' consideration
of his resolution calling upon the At
torney General first for information of
any prosecution by him of the Interest
ed parties'- in the Northern Securities
Company, and second, >what' has been
the result of; any. investigation. he has
made of the coal trust. '• - . ¦
The Daily Telegraph's Shanghai cor
respondent cables that a second Japa
nese army will sail shortly and will
land on the island of Dlamato, near
Yongampho.
The correspondent of the Standard at
Chefu says he hears that Japan haa
again protested to the Peking Govern
ment against Russian troops being per
mitted to occupy places west of the
Llao River.
Announcing the notification that the
military attaches will be permitted to
take the field, the correspondent re
marks that the Japanese in matters of
equipment, etc., are treating the for
eign attaches and correspondents like
princes.
The Morning Post's Shanghai corre
spondent says that spies have informed
the Russians at Kinchau that Japanese
warships convoying' transports with 30,
000 troops are steaming northward.
According to the Daily Mail's New
chwang correspondent the announce
ment that Viceroy Alexieff had re
signed caused the most intense feeling.
The correspondent says it is generally
thought in naval and- military circles
that there is a possibility of arranging
a peaceful settlement of the Far East
ern troubles through the mediation of
the neutral powers.
LONDON, April 25. — The Far Eastern
dispatches this morning are confined to
reports and speculations concerning
Japanese landings and the plan of cam
paign. The Daily Telegraph's Tokio
correspondent says the present delay is
more apparent than real, both as re
gards field and naval operations. The
Japanese, according to the correspond
ent, are acting prudently and will not
be hurried. They realize that certain
movements must precede the next coup
by land and eea. Port Arthur and
Vladivostok are on the alert.
Fleet of, Troopships Sighted in the
t.ulf of IJnotuns.
TRANSPORTS ARE MOVING.
Senate Will Endeavor to
Pass as Many, Bills as
Possible Before . the Close
ADJOURNMENT APEIL" 28
Cuba and Panama Legisla
tion the Most Important
• of the Measures Adopted
PLEDGES CAKKIEI) OUT
?
Session About to Close Has
Accomplished Much for
the Good of the Country
The Louisiana Exposition Company
received a loan of $4,600,000 from the
The only general pension legislation
which became a law makes the pension
of those who totally lost their eight in
the military or naval service 5100 per
month. Agitation for a service pen
sion bill resulted in the introduction of
many j-uch bills. It was decided, how
ever, that no such action should be
taken at the present session, after
vhich the general order making age
jin evidence of physical disability to
perform manual labor was Issued by
the Secretary of the Interior and recog
nized by Congress in a deficiency ap
propriation of $1,500,000 to make It ef
fective.
By the terms of a joint resolution,
the President is authorized to arrange
a convention with Great Britain, to
which the assent of Japan and Russia
are to be obtained, if possible, to pro
tect the fur seals of the North Pacific
Ocean and Bering Sea.
Provisions were made for the exten
sion of the coastwise shipping laws of
the United States to the Philippine Is
lands after July 1. 1906.
Hawaii was granted the right to have
a superintendent of public instruction
"j'.nd to have statistics compiled by the
United States commission of labor re
garding commercial, industrial, social;
educational and sanitary conditions, be
ginning next year and every four years
thereafter.
Several amendments have been made
to facilitate the administration of the
public land laws. The allotments In
Fcveralty of lands owned collectively by
Indian tribes in various sections of the
country have been provided for in a
rumber of acts. A step in the direction
t-f "world peace" has been taken
through the formation of an American
Vroup affiliated with the interparlia
mentary union for international arbi
tration afid the official recognition of
this "group" by the passage of a joint
lesc-lution extending an invitation to
the union to hold its next annual meet
ing at St. Louis and appropriating $50.
<w>0 for the expenses of the same. A
Joint resolution was enacted providing
for the transportation aboard a Gov
ernment vessel of not exceeding 600 of
the public school teachers of Porto
Ili»-o to the United States during the
«-orr.ing summer for the purpose of
broadening their views by travel and
a course in the summer schools for
teachers in this country.
PROTECTION* OF SEALS.
By these figures the expenses are %11.
©1)0.000 less than the revenues. The es
timates of the various Government de
partments on which the appropriation
bills were based exceeded the total es
timated reverues by $42,8*5, £62. No
river and harbor bill was undertaken
und no omnibus measure carrying pro
vision for new public buildings was al
lowed to pass.
While a total of over fourteen hun
dred bills became law during the two
sessions, less than 150 of them were
public bills and of this latter number
t>n«»-half simply authorized the bridging
<'f rivers, the damming of streams, the
regulation of Federal courts and the or
dinance of the District of Columbla,
P1<AX PEACE PROJECT.
• Chairman Hemenway of the Houkp
Committee on Appropriations, in a
statement compiled under his direction,
pjves the total of all supply bills (sub
ject to slipht changes in pending blttc).
us $.'97, 802.324. to which must be added
5s4.971.S2Q for interest on the public
debt. The estimated revenues are $704.
472,060.
The special session, now denominated
the first session, was called for the ex
press purpose of carrying out the
pledge of the nation to Cuba. The Pan
ama development was one which
crose suddenly and received decisive
and Immediate action at the hands of
the President and the Senate. The con
servatism incident to the approaching
Fiesidentia.1 campaign, as usual, was
manifested by those responsible for :he
octs of the national legislative body.
The annual supply bills were madL>
with an eye to economy. Incidental^'
they were passed with greater dispatch
than heretofore has been the case witn
a long session.
The Senate ratified the treaty nego
tiated with Cuba to carry out the terms
of the Platt amendment.
ll also ratified the China commercial
trtaty which provides for two open
ports in Manchuria.
CONSERVATIVE COURSE.
WASHINGTON, April C4.— The iir.
portar.t legislative accomplishments of
the session of the Fifiy-cighth Con
gress were confined to two subjects —
Cuba and Panama. The reciprocity
treaty bctwpen the ncv island republic
Bad the United States initiated by Pres
ident McKiniey. was made operative
by a iegiiletive enactment. The ratifl
cation cf a treaty by the Senate and
the subsequent initiation of legislation
of the Government for the canal zoye
commit the United States to the con
etruction of the Panama, canal, con-
HL-ctlng the waters of the Atlantic and
the Pacific oceans.
Heavy Calendar Will Neces
sitate Day ami Night Ses
sions in Both Houses
If these plans should succeed, the life
of both Russian squadrons in the Pa
c'fic would be menaced, and, with the
sea and a fleet back of her at every
point, Japan could fortify the positions
thus gained and. with the tables turned,
compel General Kuropatkin to comf*
forward and attack.
General Kuropatkin, however, is in
possession of the latest advices re
ceived by the general staff and It Is
safe to aspume that if the Japanese
campaign develops along the lines in
dicated he will be ready to make such
disposition of his forces as will meet
and checkmate it.
The Finance Ministry has decided to
provide the Manchurian administra
tion with bars of silver for the purpose
of redeeming bank notes on demand,
in order to prevent the lowering of the
price of the ruble.
The general staff reports say that
the Japanese will have three other ob
jectives — the occupation of a line across
the Liaoyang peninsula for the purpose
of cutting off Port Arthur, the isolation
of Vladivostok and the establishment
of a junction between the army <".f
Korea and the force at the head of tin:
Liactung peninsula. The last mentioned
movement might be accomplished by a
landing near the mouth of the Tayanx
River, which, by threatening the flank
of the Russian position at Fengwang
cheng, might render it untenable and
make the advance of a column from
Korea comparatively easy. •
ST. PETERSBURG. April 24.—Appar
ently reliable information in the pos
session of the general staff leads to
the belief that the objective of the Jap
anese campaign does not involve ths
ambitious invasion of the interior cf
Manchuria with the purpose of reach
ing and overwhelming the main Rus
sian army. If the Japanese ever en
tertained the hope of accomplishing a
task similar to that to which Napoleon
set himself, present advices Indicate
that they have abandoned it and have
adopted a much more cautious and
less hazardous programme.
If this information is correct there
will be no advance upon the army
concentrated at Liaoyang and Mukden,
vith its attendant constant lengthen
ing and weakening of the Japanese line
of communications. Instead, there
EC-ems to be a determination to keep
as close as is possible to the sea, where
lies Japan's natural base of communi
cation, she having establfshed herself
in Korea.
Refuse to Wag^j War in Accordance
With Kuropatkin's Desire.
miles distant and a couple of field
guns opened fire. A lucky shot sank
one of the barges and the other with
drew. The Japanese casualties are not
known.
BROWN STRATEGISTS ARE WARY.
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
It is reported that the Japanese are
landing troops and/constructing build
ings at Hungchuani; below .Yongampho.
SEOUL, Korea, Saturday, April 23.
— Advices from the V province
of Hamgrung, in Northeast
ern Korea, state that the
country folk along the northern border
of the province are selling cattle and
supplies to the Russians. The province
of Hamgyung Is: the former home, of
Yi Yong.lk, a former Korean Minister
of- Finance, : who dn account.qf his pro-
Russian sympathies was transported, to
Japan last February by the Japanese
authorities. Several Korean officers
suspected of being Russian spies have
been arrested.'-- ;- •
Arc Selling .Cattle and Supplies to the
."'; Foes of Japan.
break there. Now he will follow the
fortunes of General Kuropatkin.
KOREANS AIDING RUSSIANS.
in addition to the wounds and burns
about his head, to be in an apparent
torpor in his lower limbs and to bo
suffering from a severe nervous shock.
His doctor insisted that he be at once
removed from all surroundings con
nected in hie mind with the terrible
catastrophe from which he almost
miraculously escaped in such condition.
He was accompanied to Harbin by hi3
brother Boris and thence will come on
in charge of a doctor. Grand Duchess
Vladimir, his mother, who naturally
is very much troubled and has suffered
much nervous distress, has gone to
Moscow to meet him.
GREAT WORK
OF CONGRESS
CONGRESS BUSY
AS END NEARS
RUSSIAN FIELD GUN SINKS JAPANESE TROOP BARGE .
AND PREVENTS ANNIHILATION Of VOLUNTEER FORCE
THE SAN -FRANCISCO. CAUJ, MONDAY. .APRIL 25^: 1004.
2
RAILWAY ' TBAVEL. ,
/V^<TTT>^^Sl Train 1«»t« sad sir*
/Q/^^^^^Y^X due to arrlT* at %
|Mbe^V"K*»M«&l SAN FRANCISCO.
\ Or — lf=^L Jtjf F»om Apsii. 10. 1»*.
>^ £ 1 \S^ » (Foot of Market Street.)
L«ATK - MAIN LINE. -*»»IT»
7.00a VscsTllle. Winter*. Rnmaey_ 7.50i"
7.00a Benlcla, Sudan, Elmlra sad Sacra-
ment* 7.20?
7.30* Vallejo, Nspa, C»ll»toe». Santa
Itosa, Martinez, San IUmon 8-ZOr
7.30 a Klles. LiTennore, Tracy, Lathro».
Stockton 7.20*
1.00a BbaiU Express— (Via Darts). ,-,-
Wllllami (for Btrtlett Sprints),
Willows. tFrnto. Red Bluff.
Portland, Ttcoma. Seattle 7.St>.
8.00a Darls. Woodland. Knights Landing.
Maryarllle. Oro»tlle 7-5»>
8^0 a Port Costa. Martinez. Antloch.
Byron, Trscjr. Stockton. Xew-
man. Los Banos, Mentota,
Armona, Haaford. Vis alia.
Portermie 4JOp
8 JO a Port Costa, Lathrop. Modesto,
Merced, Freiao, Goshen Janc-
tlon. Hanford, VUalls, Bakers- . Jl_
field 4.6»*
8.50a Jfiiei. Ban Joae, LJTermore, Stock-
ton. (tMlIton). Ioae, Sacramento,
Plkeerrtlle. ManrtTUle. Chlco,
Bed Bluff 4.20'
8 30a Otkdale. Chinese, Jamestown. Se-
»or». Taolnmne and Aagels 4 20i»
900a Atlantic Bzprasi — Ogdea aad E*rt. 11.20a
930a Richmond, Martlnex aad War
Stations 8 SDr
10 00a The Orerlaad Limited — Of Hea,
Denrer. Omaha, Chicago. 6.20r
10.00a Vallejo 12.20f
10 00 a Let Angelei Puseacer — Port
Costa, Martlaes, Bjroo, Tracr.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymosa. Freino. Ckxacn June-
Can, Haaford. Lfmoor?, Tlaalia.
Baken&eM. Los Angeiea 7-7fJ*
12.00m Hayward. Klles aad Vf ay Station*. 320f
tl-OOr Sacramento RUer Steamers 111.00?
130r Braids. WlBters. Saeramento.
Woodland, Knights Landing.
MsryiTllle, OroTllle aad way.
station* 10.50*
\X9* Hayward. XIle» and Way . SUtloa*.. 7-58r
3.30 F Pert Costa, M»rtlnei. - Byroa,
Tracy, La torop. M o 4 e ¦ t o,
Merced. Be rend a. Freaa» sad
Way Stations beroad Part Cost* 1229?
. . 530» Tesemlte Valley. Mon.. Wet, Krt. 9 20a
J.301- Martinez. Tracy. Stociton. Lodl... 1023a
4J0r Martlatl.SanRa»on.VaUeJ» I Napa,
Calistog*. SaaU Rosa. ... 9 20*
4430r NUet. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.20r
4JSr Hayward. Nllet. Irrlagtom. Saa 1 tB-SOA
J«te. Lirermore ) tll.60A
BMOr The Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Baaot. Mrndsta, FreKBO, Talare,
Bakenfleld. Los Anielei.
fcOOr P*rt Costs, Trscy, Stocitca <* 1220r
t6-50r Hayward, Klles aad San Jese ..... 7.20a
6-OOr Hayward. Klles aad Sam Jese 9.50*
S-QOr Ea»tern Ezpre«« — Ogden. Deaver.
. Omaha, 6c. LouU. Chicago and
Cast. Port Costa, Benlcla. Sul-
•nB. Eltalra, Carls, Sacramento,
Rocklla, Anbarn, Coliax,
Trackee, Bocs, Reit, Wad»>
» - worth, Wlnnemnccs 5.28?
t.OOr Vallejo, dally, except Soaday.... I 7 SB -
74I0F Vallejo. Bnaday oaly f '••¦*
TMr Hlehmoad, Ban Pablo, Pert Costa,
MwUnex and War Stations 11.20*
8495r ©TegoB * California Express— Sac-
rameattv MarysTille. Reddlac
Portland, Poget Sound and Eut. 8-58 a
1.1 tr Hayward, K lie* aad S«a Jose (Soa-
dayonly) 11.604
' COAST LI N E (H.rr-w fiaag*)- '
(Foot a? Market Street.)
7 -4 5 A Santa Cnu Eicnrslon(Sand*y oaly) ft.10>
B-1 6a Newark. Ceaterrllle. Saa Jess. . ;.'
Feltca. Boalaer Creek. Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5-55?
2.1i> Hewark, Ceoterrllle. San Joss,
New Almaden. Lcs Gstos.FelUm,
Bonlder Creek, Saata Craz aad
Principal Way Statloas fil-SBA
4.1 EJ" Rewaric. San Joss, Los Batos and J tS.SS 4
' , way stations 1*1056*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Fram BAM FRANCISCO, Foot «t Market St. (SllpO
-17:15 1:00 11:00 a Jt. 1.00 300 S.ISr.x.
?real OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — K:M tt'M
t«:»5 lQ.0QA.it. 1200 200 400 T.x.
COAST LI N E <&roa, 4i» Bf e).
%3T (Thlr< »¦< Towasead Streets.)
6.10* San Jose aad Way SUUoas. 6.38r
17.00* Saa Jose aad Way Stations. 5.40?
7.16a Moaterey aad Santa Cruz Eicnr-
sloa (Sunday only) 10 30*
8 00 a Kew Almaden (Taes., Frl«i., only), 4.1 Or
• 00a The Coaster— Stops only Sao Jose.
v Ollroy {connection for Eollls- g
ter), Pajaro. Caatr«Tllle (coa-
section to and from Monterey
•ad Pacific GroveX, Saltaaa. Saa
Ardo, Fa«o Roblet Snu Mar-
garita, Ssa Lais Oblspo, principal
stations thence Barf (coa&ectloa
for Lompoc). prtnclpsl stations
thence Santa Barbara. S»n Buea*-
?ectura, Barbtak. Los Aageles . 10.419
(.Ma gan Jose, Tres Plaos. Capitols,
BanuCrnz.PaclfleOroTe.SallBaa,
8aa Lois Oblspo sad Principal
Way Stations „ 4.10?
10.30a Esb Jose and Way Stations 1.20?
11 JQa Binta Clara. S*n JescLos Gato*
aad Way StaUea* 7.30?
1.30? Saa Jose and Way Stattoas 8 36i
I-OOv Del Moate Kxpress— Saata Clara,
Baa Jose. Bel Moate. Moaterey.
Pacific Grove (coaaecta at Saata
, . vClara, except Sunday, for Santa
Crux, Boalder Creek «nd Narrow
OaueePolat»> at Gllroy for llol-
litter, Tres Plnos. at Fijaro for
SaaU Cruz, at Ca«troYllle for ¦
Balina* 12-15?
3-3"? Tres Plao» Wi» P«s»ens;er 10 45*
430p f>aa lout aad Way Stations 1800a
tS 00 »• Santa Clara, Sao Jose, Los Catos,
and principal Way Stations (ex-
cept Sandsy) t9-00*
j5.30p SanJoseandPrlncIpAlWayStatlons 19.48*
646F Snaset Limited.— lied word. Saa
Jose,Gtlroy,Sallnaa,Pa*oi:oble%
San Luis Oblspo. Santa Barbara,
].os Aageles. f>»mlnsr. Kl Fata,
Kew Orleans. New Tork. Coa-
r.eoti at Pajtiro for Saata Cras
and at C'»Htrari:ie for Pacific
Groreand Way Stations 7-10a
f6 IB? Sat> Mateo, neresford.Belmont.Sao
Carlos. Kedwood, Fair O»is.
MenloPark. Pslo Alto t6.4S*
S 30? S»n Jose and Way Statloas. G-3R*
8 00f Palo Alto and Way Station* 10.15a
11 .30? South San Francisco, MUIbrae, Bar-
ltngsme. San Mateo, I'-elmoat,
bnu Csrlos. Hedwood, F*;r Oak*.
Menlo Park, sad Palo Al-.o 8.4S?
• 11.30? Mayfirld. Monntala View. Suany-
- vale. Lawrence. Saata Clara aad
_ 6aa Jow 19-45?
A forMorainir. . P for Afternoon. ~~
ISonilny exceptcd. t Sunday only.
« Saturday only.
t Stops at all stations on Sanday.
t*"Oniy train* stopping at Valencia St. sotthbooai
¦ret: 10 a.m.. 7:00 a. X- 7:15 a. m., ll:S0 a. m., 3::J0r.n..
•:S0 p.x. aad 8:00 r.M. ,
Wt. Tamalpais Railway
' Leave TU tiwlito faf-j I Arrive J
' asaFrs-cctBco tmt sf lUrxst fX SsaFnsdsc*
Week Son- "~~Qg Son- |W«k
Day». days jjgSgggftw dayi Dayv
1I.-M I1»8:OOa 13>O5 rtfdliq
ftllSp 1O:OOa W^^ijSy ¦:»»? &:SOf
.— . 11:OOa «:5Op t:Mi
. " 1:45? XSayJr 5:5«? , ,„.
/ *8bmb»1 wia stsp aw ' Wsm «b4 Tgkw 0m»
1TCI1T J 6i6 Majlxjct ST^(Nortli Shore RiilroavST
•SUB I ud Sawauto Fuit. Foot Marks* S|>'
©IERCO
jLJr FAVORITE
pSCRIPTIOM
San . Francisco. ; Cal
|ASTHMANOLA|
la the only cure for Nervous aal
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Druggist or at 093 HA1UHT ST..
SAB WAT'S BEAST RELIEF has stood
unrivaled ¦ bef ora I the public j for SO I years I as I a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore Throats. Influenza, ) Bron-
chitis, v Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralrla,
Headache, Toothache and all pain.' Internally
tor Malaria and all Bowel Fain. All drusndau.
j3 IUy4 ' jM ¦¦ y^ ffl B /<k
1A/.T. FilBSS,
Votary Public and Attorn ey-at-iaw.
Tenth Floor. Room lOU.^laus Spreckei* Oldg.
' Telephone Main 983. ¦
Residence, 1802 McAllister st.
Residence Telephone Pag-o 6641.
ff^ I DA I 4% Ammunition, Hunting asd
H"I Hfli" Sporting Oboda. Lars/eat
BmI 1 1 mil stock. Lowest i rices. Send
1 11 1 1 M m\ for catalogue.
W W I m UP SHREVE & UARBER CO..
. " " 788 ? Market »t. and S2l
• ¦•""¦¦..¦.. . Kaaray «C. ,¦ - "
"The proof of the pudding Is Jn the
eatinB of It." If any city or town In the
Union has eufflclpnt proof on the follow-
In*; subject 1t Is San Francisco. Genuine
merit Is finding lta reward In the hearty
endorsation of local citizens. When
people right here at home, friends and
neighbors of pur readers, give a state-
ment like th<*« following for publication
It Is proof convincing for the most skep-
tical. Head this testimony:
F. L». Smith, boxmaker in the National
Box Factory, residence 741 Folsom
street, says: "If I was not thoroughly
Impressed with the fact that Doan's Kld-
r.ey Pills can be depended upon I would
never Siave gone out- of my way to rec-
ommend the preparation to others suffer-
ing* from kidney complaint. Before I
took a course of the treatment I had
tried more than on© standard remedy,
but the results, as far as stopping the
trouble, were Just as remotely in the dis-
tance as when I first noticed that my
kidneys were out of order. A sure Indi-
cation that In pome way .the action of
my kidneys was upset was too frequent
action of the kidney secretions, added to
the backache, particularly if I contracted
a cold. For the last six months there
has not been an Indication of either ex-
cited or weakened kidneys."
For sale by all deajT*. Price 50 cents.
J'oster-MUburn Co.. Buffalo. N. Y., sole
agents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's. and take
cu> substitute.
X.cts XZore Proof Like This, and It Is All
rrom San Francisco People.
PLENTY OF IT.
DOAN'S KIDNEY FILLS.
THAT MAN PITTS
c F. W. PITTS, the Stationer
1008 Market Street, Above Powell
SAN FRANCISCO
Business and Professional Cards
I can save yeu a considerable amount
of money and a great deal of time if you
will send your kodak developing and print-
in: to me. I make a specialty of this
work and am thoroughly equipped for it.
Here are a few prices:
DEVELOPING.
Roll of 6 lOclRoll of 12... 15c
PRINTING.
Sollo finish.'. 8c to 0c|Velox finish.. 8c to 6c
I carry all popular sired DAYLIGHT
LOADING FILMS at my usual low prices.
Mail orders promptly filled.
All kinds of cameras repaired at moder-
ate prices.
100 Visiting Cards, Post Paid, 80c
Correct Styles and Sizes. Also
Kodak Developing and Printing at Cut Rates.
EAILWAT TSAVEL.
CALIFORNIA \
LIMITED TO CHICACO I
LEAVES DAILY |
'at O:3O a. m., through in 3 days, 1
with diner and all trappings. I
ami mi iiiii» ¦b'-aiiaimrwHMMUJMggsg^J
Other Santa Pe Trains I
l!|2 f~ ™\ for Stockton. Krwno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p. m." J Herced. Hanford and VlsalU.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kanmts City, Qrand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OPPICES — 641 Market St. and
Perry Depot. 8. 7. Also 1119 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 87 South First Bfc,
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
KAIL-WAY COMPANY.
Tlburoa Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAN FBAirCXSCO TO BAH BAFAEXL
WEEK DAYS — 7:3O. 9:00, H:0O au m.; 12:33,
8:89, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursday* — Extra trip
! r.t 11:30 o. m. •
Saturday a— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
3:30, 5:00, 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAX XATAEL TO SAN FKANCISCO.
WEEK DAY6J— 6:06. 7:35. 7:00. »:20. H:1S
a. m. : 12:50, 3:40. C:00. 5:20 p. m.
Eaturdayu — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40.
8:40. 4:65. 0:06. «:2S p. m. - ¦
Leava I In Effect ~~j Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27, 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
D*.yg. I flays. | tlon. | days. [ Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10a 8:40 a
&:30 a Xfnacie. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:2* p
6:10 p 8:00 p 7:38 p
7-30 a 8:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Kovato. 10:40 a 19:20 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 8:30 p and 7:33 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
1 -so a 10:4© a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 8:30 p
• Windsor.
7:80 a 8:00 a Healdsbur*. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
8:30 p 8:30 p Geyser-rill*, 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdaie.
7:30 a 8:00 a Hopland 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 3:30 p and Uklah. 7:38 p 8:20 p
7 ;30 a 8:00 a Willlts. 7:38 p 6:20 p
7:30*1 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:80 p| 3:30 p| Quemgyllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:06 p| 0:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
8 :30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. ( 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln. at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Bnrlngs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle tot Skaggg Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. CarUbad Springs, 8oda Bay, Lake-
Dort and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Borings, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. LlerlyV
Bucknells. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr*s
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche, Camn
Btevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg
West Point, Usal; at Wllllts for Fort Brag*'
Westport. Sherwood. Canto. Covelo, Layton!
ville, Cummlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris, Ol-
s«n's. Dyer. GarbervUU. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Eaturflay to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday rottBd-trlo ticket* to al! points
beyond Ean Rafarl at half rates.
Ticket offices. '630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
¦ TO SAN RAFAEL.
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO/ Etc
Via Sannalito Ferry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric —
Depart from San Francisco Dally 7:00. 8:00,
9:00 10:00. 11:00 a. m., 12:20. 1:40. 3:13. 4:13.
S-15" «: IB, 7:00, 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Daily. 6:25, 6:35 7 J4O 8:35 9:35, 11:05 a.
».. 12:20, 1:48, 2:85. 8:«. 4:45. 6:4(5. 6:43,
8-45 10:20 p. m.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRAN-
cisCO— Dally. 6:45. 6:63. 7:52. 8:65. 9:55.
11 -20 am., 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 6:05. 6:03.
7C6. 8:00. 10:35 "p. m. . .
THROUGH TRAINS.
8 : 00 (i. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
• 6:15 p. m. week days (Saturday except ed)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and • way
stations.
Sundays only — 10 a- m.. Point . Reyes and
way stations. A •
TICKET OFFICE— €26 Market St.
'FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Markst st.
+jgm&Bto& 2 n MENANDWOMEFt.
l«|^3< < WBEA^Kt| Use Big O for unn*tarsl
i- in j.^Tai dlicbarge*,ltifl*niai»tions,
agJMT Oiuuietd M Irritation* or nleprntionj
R4Kf not t« iuiatsft. of mnoom ni*mbr»n«».
IF f rr»»««to (»U|Ui. PslnUi*, and not ••trla-
KJlTHlEYmCHEMIOAlCO. g*nt or pot«ononi.
igsdL 0IH0mHATI.8.B»| *»\* by Dr.ifUU,
U.B.A. jfS^ or —ut Ib plain *r»pp«r,
Jw^L by «rri<i, prepaid, fox
$1.00. or 5 bottle* $2.74.
¦ Circular t«st oa teanert.
>B»vOgOTY.STMlW« >C0.>gW^
Weak Men and Women
SHOUlib USE D AMI AN A BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. , Depot. 823 Market. .
'.St»S^W*^.^»vlf^"J*FV'Jrrtiw*.- | ff.KaWa. JE*^^..^.i 1^l»i^Oi^5%^¥^."s-S.i"'t» 1 i-*-*. 1 \^T.P?t>(»SBEMtaMf' > sl
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PAINE'S CELEBY COMPOUND. ___*
INVIGORATES ALMOST INSTANTLY
No Other Tonic In the 'World Is Like PAINE'S CELERY
COMPOUND-Doctors Rely on It-Constantly Pre-
scribe It-A Standard Tonic in the Medical
World-It Gives Almost Instant Effect-
BaACES-INVsCORATES-wUSES.
SPRING-TIRED==MALARIA
"I suffered with chills, and fever and 7~ ¦¦¦¦. ..>«>»-
my skin was growing: very sallow. The ••••»»»*•••••• "*••*"*" x
slightest draught would be enough to "Trac* every disease. Wood trcmW* J
cause hot flushes or a quick chill. We | O r pain to tie TBUB CAUSE. Pain is J
thought it was malaria, but can never ,, O nly the ultcn. or symptom. It is idle*
yet explain how I contracted it. <>$<, treat the pain itself. The only truoj
"I always had a draggy feeling, and " cnre j or D iood impnrityor snfferlojr,
would get up In the morning feeling dull t thft cure that qjjj^s the TBTJB I
¦^I^^vl^by^rauve^try 1 1 CAUSE-Weaknes. of th. TX***\
Paine's Celery Compound, which had ,,Ifervts. *
helped her considerably, and I had such n — Prof. Edward E. Fhelps. M. D., L1~D.. ?
a good night's rest and woke up so re- » 2v^e?^f "Stae^Crte^cSS^nd*"' 1
freshed that I determined to continue it, j J7^. ° f Pal Compound. ,,
"I do not feel any more lassitude, and " Tne -bloo& and all the onrans of th* #
thrSSgh h mJ f work^Uh^a&ctio'n £S obodr depend on the IH^B NEBVES. ¦•
work faster and better. The chills and 'and Paine's Cslery CompoTind srivai
fever are completely cured. This is Just •*>,« iiiood and the nerve system the"
the time of year when I used to have f ~J -iwrA-R-r ail fh» owranM
them worst, and I have not had a single * strength to MAK2 aU the orsrans,,
chill. My complexion is better, and I ? wori In health and harmony. t
can recommend Paine's Celery Compound • •
as a gradual and thorough cure for ma- <> _ —--,-,. T .- T^ c-poTwn I
laria."— Miss Edna Arlington, Newcas- t BE WILL THIS KPBJWQ. ?
tie, Neb. -««** * *;
Go to your Druggist TO-DAY—
Get one bottle of Paine's Celery
Compound—See how DIFFERENT
it will make you feel. '£,
0g.jj.J- ¦¦> »WASHINGTON. . April 24.— , The
House was In session for, more than
five hours to-day for the purpose of
paying tribute to the memory, of the
late Senator Marcus A. . Hanna, the
late Representatives ¦ Thompson of
Alabama and Skiles of Ohio. "Appro
priate resolutions were adopted.
Tributes to Dead Congressmen.
The members of the Fairmount De
fensive Association — citizens and
property owners of the Noe Valley
district — held a spirited meeting last
night at Rolando's Hall, Twenty
eighth and Castro streets, for the pur
pose of condemning the offensive
rock-crusher now operated by Gray
Brothers In the Noe Valley.
The protest of the citizens will
come up before Mayor Schmitz to-day
and they are doing nil in their power
to have the Mayor abolish • the
nuisance. He previously vetoed the
ordinance, and should he take similar
action to-day and be upheld by the
Supervisors, the, residents of the Noe
Valley say they will appeal to the
Merchants* Association for relief.
A lengthy set of resolutions con
demning the rock crusher and asking
all residents of the district to work
for its abolition was unanimously
passed. A delegation from- the asso
ciation will be present when the ques
tion comes up before fllhe Supervisors
to-day.
WOULD DRIVE ROCK CRUSHER
FROM THEIR NEIGHBORHOOD
KANSAS CITY. April 24. — Unusual
ly heavy rain and wind storms, caus
ing more or less damage, prevailed in
Western Missouri and Eastern and
Central Kansas to-day, with a blizzard
In Western Kansas. Small streams in
Kansas are over their banks and many
telephone and telegraph poles have
been blown down. One drowning Is
reported.
A"t Odessa, Mo., James Pollard, a
young farmer, was drowned while
trying to ford a usually small rivulet,
which had been changed to a swift
torrent by the heavy rain.
In Eastern Kansas nearly three
inches of rain fell at Ottawa, Con
cordia, Elsmere and other points,
causing the Marmaton, the Big Creek
and Mais des Cygnes rivers to over
flow. Several bridges were washed
out, crops submerged and much other
damage done.
At Ellis, Kansas, a cold, driving
rainstorm prevailed, followed by a
strong wind and heavy fall of snow.
In the vicinity of Winona and Oakley,
Kansas, over 200 telegraph poles were
blown down.
RAIN. SNOW AXD WIND.
While the main driveway in Golden
Gate Park was crowded with vehicles
yesterday afternoon a horse driven by
T. Van Stein ran away and caused in
jury to several people. Mrs. Eddie Gra
ney, wife of the well-known referee,
who was riding horseback, was thrown
to the ground. The animal on which
she was mounted was badly injured.
Van Stein and a lady who accompanied
him were pitched to the roadway, but
escaped with slight bruises. T. H.
Brown, a pedestrian, was also knocked
down, but not badly injured.
Van Stein and his companion had
started to drive from th'e boathouse
when the animal became unmanagable.
The driver did his' best to remain in
the road, and for a time succeeded in
doing so. Narrowly missing other ve
hicles, the maddened animal dashed
along and it seems a miracle that fa
talities did not result. When the run
away horse reached the main. drive
way Van Stein turned him in the direc
tion of the city and the dash con
tinued among the many carriages and
buggies that were on the road. The
excitement was intense for a time and
mounted police followed in an attempt
to gain control of the horse.
The runaway had gone but a short
distance on the main driveway when he
collided with a saddle horse on which
was seated Mrs. Graney. The lady had
been unable to reach a place of safety
and the force of the collision knocked
her to the ground. Her horse, which is
a valuable one. was severely cut and in
jured. Mrs. Graney refused to go to
the hospital and was removed to her
home. At this time Van Stein's ve
hicle was overturned and both its oc
cupants were, tossed out. A moment
later the horse swung into the bicycle
path and knocked down Mr. Brown,
who was on foot. Brown,, like the oth
ers, refused the attention of the hospi
tal' surgeons and went- to his home.
The horse was captured soon afterward
and returned to a stable on Mission
street, from which it had been hired.
The buggy was a wreck.
It is generally understood that sev
eral new divisions will be created in the
northern part of the State, one of
which will'include the two'small roads
recently acquired by the Southern Pa
cific and a proposed new connecting
branch between the California North
western a'nd the Napa division and an
other of the small branches . of the
Sacramento division, which is getting
too big for one man jj to. handle.. Of
course these. changes win not be made
for some time, but when that time
comes General , Manager Markham will
be prepared to submit a plan to Di
rector Kruttschnitt,' who is very famil
iar with the situation. It is reported
that the improvement of the roadway
of the California Northwestern will be
one of the first pieces of new, work or
dered by President i Harriman. Who
will assume charge of . the two coast
roads is a matter yet to , be decided
on by Director Kruttschnitt. It is com
mon talk in railroad circles, however,
that President Foster of : the, California
Northwestern is soon : to leave > on a
tri p to , Europe and ; during his absence
it , is. believed that whoever Is appointed
to take charge of the road will eventu
ally assume its' management "as well
a3 that of the North Shore and; carry
out any changes that may be suggested
by,. Director : Kruttschnitt. ' , , 1 ,?.-.
Before leaving his offices yesterday
the railroad magnate and several of
his officials, including Director of Main
tenance and Operations Kruttschnitt,
General Manager Markham and Man
ager Agler had a long conference, dur
ing which many changes in the operat
ing departments of the company, which
may result from the absorption of the
California Northwestern and the North
Shore roads and the compact entered
into between Harriman and Ripley,
were discussed. \
President E. H. Harriman of the
Southern. Pacific Company and his
party of New York financiers departed
yesterday for the East In their palatial
train. They left this city at 11:30
o'clock In the morning by way of the
Ogden route, with the intention of In
specting the recent work of straighten
ing out the Central Pacific and making
a trip over the Lucin cutoff, which is
causing much worriment to Harriman
and his engineering' and operating
forces. It was expected that President
Harriman would remain here until
Tuesday. In fact he had made several
engagements for the early part of the
week, but was compelled to cancel
them. . .: .
MAGNATE WILL
VIEW COT OFF
While there was no serious decline Jn
prices, th* 1 tone of all the markets was
rather dull with little business doing.
Americans were Irregular.
. LONDON. April 24.— The Stock Ex
change last week experienced a check
to the recent abnormal growth of con
fidence, mainly through the depression
on tho Parts bourse, which was caused
by Viceroy AlexiefTs desire to resign
his post In the Far East and by revela
tion that Russia's financial resources
for the carrying on of the war were
less extensive than had been reported.
Paris operators apparently interpreted
uhe action of Viceroy Alexieff. follow
* nS the death of Vice Admiral Mak
faroff, as a bad sign for Russian pros
pects In the Far East, and Russian
bonds suffered accordingly.
There even was talk among: finan
ciers of the possibility of AlexiefTs
disappearance from the theater of war,
paving the way for peace negotiations.
ACTION OF AXEXIEFF
CAUSES DEPRESSION'
Patchouli, the perfume, Is made from
the. leaves of the Pogastemon pachouli,
grown for the purpose in Java.
SALT LAKE, Utah, April 24. — The
body of Alfred Peterson, a student in
the Latter Day Saints' University, was
found to-day in a canyon three miles
from the city. Two months age he
disappeared and all efforts to find him
were unavailing. It is supposed he
wandered away while temporarily.de
ranged and perished in a snowstorm.
He was 21 years old.
Salt T^ake Lad Disappeared Two
Months Ago and Presumably
Froze to Death. *
BODY OF .MISSIXG
STUDENTS IS FOUND
SHERIFF RAIDS
STRIKERS CAMP
SALT LAKE, Utah. April 24.— A
wholesale capture of striking miners in
<"arbon County is reported in special
dispatches from Price, Utah. Early
this morning Sheriff Wilcox and forty
deputies armed with Winchesters
marched upon the camp of the strikers
in the canyon, took them by surprise
und arrested 120 men. The charge
aprainst them is resisting an officer. The
men were loaded into a box car and
:;iken to the jail at Price. In the strlk
« in' camp were found several guns and
j^volvers and about a half-bushel of
"knives.
DENVER, April 24.— The report that
the annual convention of the "Western
Federation of Miners, set for Butte,
Mont.. May 20, had been postponed by
a referendum vote is confiermed by
Secretary-Treasurer Haywood. The
date will be fixed by the executive
fcoard. The postponement is due to the
fact that President Mover is in the
military bullpen at Telluride.
is to furnish music for the social func
tions during the week, gave an open
air concert on Georgia street between
4:30 and 6:30 this afternoon. A large
number of people turned out to enjoy
the fine music and delightful weather.
The excursion that ¦ will - be given
from here to San Francisco next
Thursday morning to afford the visit-
Ing delegates and others who may wish
to attend an opportunity to witness the
launching of the armored cruiser Cali
fornia will prove a novel and attractive
feature of the week's programme to
many of the visitors.
Thomas L. Floyd, who won the prize
in a notable contest among the Native
Sons four years ago, is still a resident
of Vallejo. • At the time the order he'd
the big celebration of Admission day
In San Francisco in 1900 a town lot In
the then obscure hamlet of Point Rich
mond was offered as a prize to the
Native Son having the largest family
of bovs. Mr. Floyd at . that time had
eight boys who called him papa and he
won the prize. The lot was then worth
$75 and is now valued at $400.
RUNAWAY HORSE
ON PARK ROAD
The Vallejo lodge of Elks, with char
acteristic hospitality, hung in front of
the club rooms a banner with gigantic
letters announcing the location of
'"headquarters." Here members of the
local arrangement committee receive
incoming members, have them properly
registered and assign the visitors to
rooms. Headquarters for visiting ladies
have been established at McCalla Hall.
Many additional decorations were put
up to-day adding to the attractiveness
of the town. The pavilion where Mon
day evening's reception. Tuesday even
ing's banquet and Friday evening's
ball are to be held has been very elab
oiately decorated under the direction
of Carpenter George I*. Warford. U. S.
N. The artistic arrangement of national
cclors. Native Sons' flags and palms
will be enhanced by electrical elf ects.
The Mare Island station band, which
VALLEJO, April 24. — The morning
and noon boats to-day brought in dele
gates from Native Son parlors through
out the State' and they were warmly
greeted by committees of fellow mem
bers and citizens.
| PROMINENT OFFICERS OF THE NATIVE SONS OF THE GOLDEN WEST. WHO 1
ARE IN ATTENDANCE AT THE SESSION OF THE ORDER BEING HELD IN
I VALLEJO.
Messrs. Schord and Carlson, aided by
a corps of attorneys, defied the Mayor
and returned to the park. At A p. m.
the constabulary- of the city again re
appeared upon the scene and this time
corralcd about fifteen men, including
all the attendants, gatekeepers, etc.
They were all hustled before Justice
Prior and this time placed under $500
bail each. Still they defied the author
ities and held the crowd at their re
sort. At 4:20 the third raid was head
ed by the Mayor and City Trustees and
once again a large number were hauled
before a Magistrate. Again they were
placed under $500 ball and given to un
derstand that if they were again
brought into court a very severe ball
bond would be required. After that
the park was closed for the day, but
the management claim they will open
next Sunday.
The Sausalito City Trustees are de
termined to put a stop to Sunday pic
nics and their action is sanctioned by
the residents In general. They claim
if the management attempts to open
the resort next Sunday they will ar
rest any one entering the premises,
whether an employe or visitor.
SAUSAL.ITO. April 24.— The propri
etors of Buena Vista Park have open
ly defied the authorities of Sausalito.
Last Monday night the license hereto
fore enjoyed by the managers of the
resort was revoked and the place was
ordered closed. To-day a picnic was
on the programme and the park was
thrown open for a large number of
guests. The guests arrived, but soon
found that their day of pleasure was
to be disturbed. The authorities had
notified the proprietors of the fact that
they would not be permitted to sell
liquor or even to open the park to the
public. The managers then defied the
municipal officers, and not only opened
the park, but sold liquor, as well as
conducted other attractions contrary to
the new city ordinance.
As a result, when there were nearly
a thousand people on the grounds. City
Marshal Hannon with twelve deputies
appeared upon the scene and arrested
L. D. Schord and Charles E. Carl
son of San Francisco, as proprietors
of the park. The two men were taken
before Justice Prior and charged with
selling liquor without a license. They
pleaded not guilty and were placed
under J100 bail to appear next Mon
day. At that time Mayor Thomas was
present and informed the preprietors
that the. new ordinance passed would
not permit them to keep the park open
and that it must be closed within an
hour.
Special Dispatch to Tfce Call
MAYOR LEADS
THE REFORMERS
The gas works is three feet under
water and has closed down. The en
gine and pumps at the water station
are twenty feet under water. The
Southwestern Wholesale Grocery Com
pany's warehouse is flooded and the
water has reached the office. The
wholesale district is completely sur
rounded and merchants are removing
their stocks of goods. All the railroads
are tied up, bridges being v threatened
and tracks covered. Washouts are re
ported in all directions. In the low
farming lands the water is from five to
ten feet deep, and much stock has been j
drowned and heavy damage to prop- j
erty caused. It is estimated that 300 j
persons are homeless. !
The storm is unprecedented in this ;
part of the State. The rain has fallen
incessantly; since last night and It is j
still raining to-night, with no lmme- [
diate prospect of cessation. It is estl- j
mated that eight inches of water has j
fallen. i
Many who refused to leave Bell town
will still have to be taken away in
boats, as all avenues of escape have
been cut off.
FORT SCOTT, Kans., April 24.— Fort
Scott is experiencing the most serious
flood in its history. Marmaton River
and Mill Creek, which runs into the
former stream here, have risen ten feet
in the past twenty-four hours, the re
sult of heavy rains. Several hundred
persons have been rescued in boats. As
far as known to-night no lives have
been lost. The estimated loss in live
stock drowned and property damaged
is $100,000.
The two streams began to rise at 10
o'clock last night, and to-day the city
was divided into three sections and al
most completely isolated. Normally
Mill Creek runs into the Marmaton
River northeast of the city, but be
cause of the rapid rise they formed a
new channel that cut across one end
of the city. To-night the entire north
ern part of the city is cut off arid part
of the city is inundated. Ten feet of
water is rushing through the streets In
that part of the city, and several hun
dred persons in what Is known as Bell
town have been forced to leave their
homes. Many were taken away in
boats.
There were several narrow escapes
from drowning. Late to-day an aged
couple named Lemore living a mile
north of the city near the river were
rescued in boats. They were completely
hemmed in. Rescuers were out all to
day under the direction of Fire Chief
Ausman. Mayor Congdon and Chief of
Police Mendenhall, and they succeeded
in saving thousands of dollars worth of
property, as well as the hundreds of
inhabitants of that district.
CORVALLIS. Or.. April 24.— As the
result of a pistol duel here this morn-
Ing Chester Keady. 18 years old, son of
George B. Keady, instructor in typo
graphy at the Oregon Agricultural Col
lege here, was shot and killed by Sher
iff Burnett after David R. Osburn. for
merly Sheriff of Benton County, and
James Dunn, ex-Chief of Police, had
fallen victims to the drink-crazed
young man. Dunn and Osburn are in
a critical condition.
Shortly after midnight. Dunn, who is
th« nigfct officer of this quiet college
town, attempted to Induce Keady and
several companions to go home. Os
burn Joined him In the attempt and
Keady ordered them to stand back.
After moving about for a few minutes
Keady was In front of the postoffice
¦wfoen Osburn disregarded the aimed
pistol and walked up to him. Keady
fired and Osburn fell Into Dunn's arms,
shot In the windpipe and neck, the
bullet lodging under the left shoulder
blade.
Dunn summoned Sheriff Burnett and
accompanied by him walked up to
Keady, who stood near several com
panions. Burnett laid his hand on
Keady's shoulder and the boy imme
diately fired at him but missed. Dunn
jumped forward and a bulle* entered
Ills abdomen. Burnett fired at once and
Keady and Dunn dropped at the same
?•:stant. Keady was shot through the
iead.
• Keady was known as a young man
of excitable temperament and Inclined
to be unruly when under the influence
'of liquor. Burt Turner Is under arrest.
It is believed ho supplied Keady with
the pistol.
CjtoieJ IHsp&tch to Tb» ClU.
Residents Are Forced to Flee
From Their Homes and the
Flood Leaves a Large
Number Without Shelter
Men Who Were Wounded
Are in a Critical Condition
as. the Result of the
Youth's Resort to Weapon
Beyond McPherson the tornado fol
lowed the ground taking the path of an
old watercourse. The' tornado passed
four miles east of Salina, wrecking tele
phone and telegraph poles and farm
property. Efforts made to follow the
course of the storm by telephone were
made, but all the wires are down.
It is a miracle that great damage was
not done at McPherson and many per
sons killed, as the tornado barely miss
ed the thickly settled residence district.
MOUNT VERNON, Tex., April 24.—
The worst* tornado ever known in this
section struck Mount Vernon from the
southwest to-night. Eleven houses
were blown down, (.he residence of J. H.
Mayors, vice president of the First Na
tional Bank, being completely demol
ished. Mayors was seriously injured,
and Mrs. Mayors and C. H. Harp and
son and daughter were injured. The
house of W. TV. Arnold was shattered
and strewn for hundreds of yards, and
Arnold and his wife and a young
woman visiting them were all painfully
injured. J. P. Castleberry was seriously
injured in the destruction of his house.
Trees, fences and wires were blown
down and other damage done. The path
of the storm was narrow and it passed
over quickly.
CENTRALJA. Mo., April 24.— A tor
nado struck near here to-night. Several
residences and- other , property were
damaged, but no one was killed as far
as reported.
McPHERSON, Kas., April 24.— A tor
nado struck McPherson this afternoon,
demolishing six residences and causing
other damage to property. Three per
sons were injured, one seriously. Much
damage was done in the country north
of here. •
i A funnel-shaped ] cloud approached
the town from the south, following the
course of a ravine. The residence of
S. W. Rieff was first struck and the
house, barn and outbuildings destroy
ed. All the members of the family
escaped except a young man, who was
bruised and scratched. The "residence
of. Mrs. P. S. Fisher was next- struck.
The building was picked up and car
ried a considerable distance and de
molished. The family had seen the
approach of the storm and escaped. The
large Fisher apple orchard was ruined.
The large residence of Archie Brown,
next in the path of the storm, was
wrecked and two of Brown's daughters
injured. One, struck by. the stove fall
ing on her, was seriously hurt. The
residence of Peter Sellberg was next
wrecked, the family escaping. After
wrecking the slaughter house of S. G.
Grantz the storm lifted and passed
south, traveling in the direction of
Lindsborg.
About a week ago Juan Marron and
seven other Mexicans, while going up
a hill near the Treate Valley, met the
same man and were held up by him.
The Treate Valley is just beyond the
boundary line, east of Tia Juana. Dur
ing the three or four days between tnt
meetings the man had traveled close
to forty- five miles. The Mexicans who
were held up a week ago were simply
ordered to turn back. The man had a
small shoddy blanket, pieces of which
he had used on his feet to cover his
tracks. The Mexicans claim that he
has killed cattle belonging to the Mata-
Janal ranch and cured the meat with
out salt by drying it. He has no cook
ing utensils and had lived upon the
dried meat. It is claimed by some that
he has been in Lower California at
least a month.
SAN DIEGO. April 24.— A strange
story of a suspected fugitive from the
justice of some American court comes
from Ensenada. The story is that
Felipe Crosthwalte Jr. and Vincente
MacHada met an armed man near
Guadaiupe and were fired upon by him.
Their assailant had two revolvers and
a rifle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LIQUOR THE CAUSE
. • OF NIGHT TRAGEDY
HUNDREDS RESCUED
WHH DIFFICULTY
One Family Barely Escapes
When the Storm Strikes
the House Demolishing It
Murderous Stranger Is Sup
posed to Have Escaped
From an American Jail
Torrent of Water Ten in
Depth Rushes Through the
Streets of Fort Scott and
Does Immense Damage
Son of a College Instructor
Shoots Two Men in Corval
lis and a Sheriff Opens
Fire and Kills Him
MYSTERY TOILS ATTACK
MANY PERSONS INJ URED
Funiiel T Shaped Cloud Sweeps
Over Kansas Town Causing
Muck Damage to Property
Arraed Man Holds Up
Mexicans on the Roads
in Lower California
Delegates Arrive on All the Boats to Participate
in the Grand Parlor Session and Are Splen
didly Entertained by the Citizens of the Town
RIVER CUTS
INTO HEART
OF A CITY
BOY DIES
IN A DUEL
IN OREGON
HIM IN PATH
OF A TORNADO
FUGITIVE FIRES
ON TRAVELERS
VALLEJO SHOUTS HER WELCOME
TO GOLDEN WEST'S NATIVE SONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1904.
3
your tea. /
Your grocer's ; moncybac!
In tea, Schilling's Best is b
no means the costliest tea ; it
a matter of taste. Of the fin
kinds, the one you like best i
"For years spells of nervous headache
would lay me up for two or three days
at a time. I have no more such days. I
take one Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pill, and in
20 minutes it is usually all gone." — MRS.
UI'TH RECORD, Claremont. N. H.
If you are not satisfled with first box,
vour drug-pist will return your money.
25 doses, 25 cents. Never sold in bulk.
And in a very few minutes you will have
no furthrr thoughts about either pains
or pills, and can £O about your business
or pleasure, free from suffering: or dis-
Dr. Fliles'
> Anti-Pain Pills
In jiirt a few minutes, without any
other offects but Just to cure the pain —
Dr. Miles* Anti-Pain Pills will relieve
you of your suffering. If it's any pain,
snywhere, or from any cause, just take
one of
To cure than endure those dreadful sick
or nervous headaches.
It's all in knowing: hovr.
ADVEETISEHENTS.
It's Easier
Dyspepsia
'and other stomach trouble*
quickly relieved and in most cases
surely cured by the use of
f$ \ *•
This scientific germicide is chso-
lutely harmless; it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mera-
, brane of the stomach, and by re-
moving the cause, effects a cure.
- Used and recommended by kadinjj phy-
sicians. Take no substitute and see that
each bottle bears my signature. Trial size,
81.00, at druggists or by mail, from
¦Ci (I jj
0 —^eL-^<J
«10 Prlace St. • - New York.
Send Jot Booklet Hot* to Treat Diteasev
Coughs
Sore Throat
Bronchitis
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine*
or your money returned. Price,
50c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
f Perfect Fitting (/jY
Eyeglasses cM
At Moderate Cost \\
V 642 'MarketSt
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S orcatJ
fflUSEUH OF ANATOMY?
j[ ty The Largest Anatmaicil Museum la tfce \
V wtj' Wo " d - "¦ixxM .r tmy contracted A
X. fiSSW eJi««e *».l»«w»l T nr<4 hrthaolaeit T
6 tifgf A OH. J0RDAN-C3EA3ES OF MEN i
\ tffjpl ComaltUloa free ind «tri<-t!y printii. \
0 a aSvLU " T '* trmrnl pertoitiljr «i bjr letter. A §
\ N a Tl W '••»•*•• d"' '¦ *»«ry cast radnnkn. T
APS lift Writ-fnr Book. MUlOtOrBT.f A
"' I !' «»»1I1*«E. MtlUO FUSS. (Af
A fl cr " lu » l » l1 b «* f#r m ' a > \
Y DB. JOBDAM * CO.. 1UI Mtrkf t HS..S. F. V
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
j GUARANTEED CUSS 7OS '4TTT.
j HABMLESS 1ST JXCTZOIT. Cures ordinary
j cases in a t<eit days. Warranted to car*
j worst cases. HO 0T2EE TE£ATME2TT
I B3QUIKED. Prevents and Cures Strlc-
i tures. PREVENTS COZTTAOXOV. Harm-
j less. J2.00 for both bote'es. For sale only
J P. S. KELLT3 PHABMACY. 102 Eddy.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Steamers leave Broadway
y>Vy—^Q>y . wharves, piers 9 and II,
! /*r< San Francisco.
r/!$?Hl 'V*\ for Ketchikan. Wransel.
' I I \*JT^!l I 1 Jui^au. Hain^s, Skagway.
\ \ \KM. / / etc - Alaska — 11 a. m.. Apr.
V**\ V ifof 25 ' Z(f ' May 5 - Chan *« to
VyO'^^o/ Company's steamers at Se-
N^/Wchv?/ attl>.
For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma. Kverett, Bel-
linghara — 11 a. m.. J^vr. 25, 30, May 5.
Cncngo at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska ar.d G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to X. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:00
p. m.. Apr. 22. SS, May 4. Spokane. 1:30 p. m..
Apr. 25, May 1. <
. For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara. —
Santa Roca, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State o* California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (Saa
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Apr. 29. May 7.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose d«l
Cafco. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., "th of each
month. For further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sailing
dates.
TICKET OPPICXS — 4 New Montgom-
ery st (Palace HoteD.lO Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Prelfht Offlce, 10 Market st.
C. I>. DtTNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. Pan Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Sutter st.. wlJl
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
TOYO K1SEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAL. STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First an«t
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong 1 with steamers ,for India, eta N»
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S S. AMERICA MARU
Thursday. May 12. 18O4
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's offlce. 421 Market utreet. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. Qer-eral Agent.
O- /?. & N. CO. ;¦"
OREGON sails April 2T. May T. 17. 27. Jun»
8 18 and 28. GEO. W. ELDER sails May 2.
12. "• June 1. 11 and 21. Only steamship lln«
to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to *11 points Ea-t. Through tickets
I to all points. Steamer tlckf ts include berth
and meals. Steamer sail* foot of Spear st. at
It a m S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Asrt. Pass.
Dept. 1 Montgomery nt.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen.
Agent Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
oceanlcS.sxo. sift swsi
S S SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thurs., May 5. 2 p. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Ilonolulu May 14 U a.m.
S.- S. MAR1PO3A. fcr Tahiti. May 29. 11 a. m.
I D SPEECKELS 6 BE03. Ca,Utt.,TlclBt OflCS 543 Mir-
lit st, neigntoac33293tar&tst., mi?m^i
C0MFAG5I5 SSH^RALS TH4K3ATI.AHTHUal
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. V^p.
Sailing every Thursday instead of *}jff§
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. ¦ *JT
North Klver.' foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $4o and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY- FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building;.
New York! J F. FUOA2I & CO.. Pacifls Coast
A rents.' 9 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. ¦
itt*rej[yl*ndM<MrancJo Sttvntr*. -
Steamer GEN. FR1SBIE or MONTICELLO—
t 9-45 a m. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. exqept Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m. 8:30 p. m. Xeaves Vallejo
-7 a. m 12:30 and « p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday'*7 a. m., -4:15 -p.: m. Fare 80, cents.
Tel Main 1508. Pier 2. Mlsslon-st. d«lc
HATCH BROS. -
Weekly Call. $1 per Year
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS
H W . '. TELEPHONE SOUTH 1082. H' II If
II 3 DAYS' SPECIALS. 1 1
1] 1 '¦ LIQUORS. I] 11
BAB C BEER ........ pints $1.30 HERMITAGE ) Whiskey. M H
1 I bOttle 5 ° C Ot G D ua^a C n B t?fd^uine' 95 R C eg. 51.25.1 i
H 9 O P S WHISKEY, .quart bot. 65c OLD KENTUCKY DEW SOUS- H 88
1 Red cap and lable. Direct from " BON. gallon S2.65 M
\ m distillery. Keg. 90c. Aged and pure. High-class lam- m B
Q §9 BLACKBERRY BSANDY.qt. 50c ily Whiskey. Rec:. $3.50. k| M
j H Mildest and most effective lurni of A A POST AND SHERRY C0o B &f
I I KELLOGO'S e W T HISKEY.l J 0t.70c ?J!S' £85? A ««-" «**| B
ii ¦ The Old WUmerdlns-8 Pride brand. MAETELIl AN3> BCENNES3Y M Hi
I iwSSS^:::: *«*->** ' a 22g?..??;.?5ES?si 1
Ii H| Quarts. S2.50; pints, $1.35 Extra table win..-. fa M
M GJj S~ ~*^ w. Hvtf/I \f\\ - Monday fa gy
II ((^^^^ Eastern Ham.Lu^Ib.i 1
fl m \\k%Z0ffiJ : ?&;0ffl Sex — Hammond's — Armour's Extra Se- If ra
m H \^^mM^^^^. lect — llsrht smoied — sugrar-cured — medi- H ||
I a groceries. i ii
m M MIXED NUTS pound 10c PAI7CY BREAKFAST BACON... S' M
Eg u Fresh, sweet, select. Ke&'. l.'r. ¦ . ; .... , pound 150 (J Bf
R , R GRAHAM AND ' GXNGEK' BIS- Extra llftht. Very . sweet. Square fl H
R fig CUITS . . ¦• .pound 10c trimmed. Mixed lfan and fat. Iteg.lSc §j 5*3
II ' Ke^. h 15c bak - 1 AmeHcan ' S tMM FANCY SPIDERLEG TEA |||
BK BOILED HAM.. ..... pound 20c ••".......,........... ; pound 30c M n
H B . Best brand ' Eastern 11am. Susar Puro. uncolored. Selected tea leaves. H ES
M §JN cured. Tender ami Juicy and sur- Mild. pleaMnR flavor. Heg. .'.0c. gl g1
B ffl P Ius fat lrlrnrnPtJ r '{ f - ' f:-> — :!:)C - EASTERN CODFISH H BB
H ii VENETIAN BLEND COFFEE . 2-pound blocic' i6c Q M
M fi .......•........•.; Pound 15c Genuine fish bargain. Keg. 2U:. M M
fl|| Good quality. Heir. 2<>c unnlity. toatmtt rwrnwe » T. H M
I I *"«> CALIFORNIA CHEESE ." . 3 £u& | I
1 1 TjiuarioodVuVlity:" P0Uaa COCOANTJT WAFERS. > 15c lbg H
•¦ ¦ BABBrrrs'soAP... ..a for 25c J Re *- ' 20c - '/ * . MM
¦ ft No limit. MOCHA AND JAVA COFFEE H H
¦ 9i CREAMERY BUTTER. . .Bq. 30c pound 25c H ft
¦ Hi Humlmldt, Marin and Point Keyes. Our best blend. Re*. 35c. 9 fiBCHICAGO April 24.— Dr. Edward IL Lee.
a le&dlnr B*t«eon, plunged nine etorle* to al
raorx Instant death to-nl«ht In the^ubhoust
of th« Chicnifo Athletic Association^ where he
tnHde Mn home. He fell through the open
•haft Furrovndlnr the winding eUlrw&jr.
The United States could mobilize 45» -
000 regular army soldiers at any point
in the country within five days; could
add 65.000 more in the next five days,
and In ninety days could enlist, equip
and mobilize 500,000 men.
OAKLAND, April 2 4.-Vrhe r direc
tors of the Oakland', Board of Trade
havedecided to ¦hoW'tho: annual.ban
quet of .the. .boarji'on Tuesday evening,
May 17. The place has hotiyet.been
selected. ;- : §8§£
Board of Trade Banquet.
OAKLAND, April 24. — The four
teenth annual account in the matter
of the estate of Helen B. Blinn, an in
competent, filed yesterday by W. J.
Adams shows the estate to be worth
SI £6.516. The property Is steadily in
creasing In value, besides taking care
of the patient.
Estate Increasing.
ST. PETERSBURG. April 25. — The Emperer
has - released from allegiance to Russia Prince
Paul , Karageorgevltch. the first infant nephew
of the King of Servla. -
RELIEF FUND IS TURNED^
• OVER TO MRS. BIRCH
Mother of Special Delivery Messenger,
Who Was Accidentally Killed.
. , Receives $896 66.
OAKLAND, April " 24.~The relief
fund collected by the Oakland Tribune
and the; employes of the Oakland
postofflce 'for Mrs;' Ella M. Birch, the
mother of the special, delivery mes
senger \ In; the - Oakland postofflce who
was accidentally killed by a train," was
turned over,-? to Mrs. : Birch yesterday.
The itotal-' amount, •> af^er all expenses
for the funeral were paid,, was $896 66.
: The '''' amount,, subscribed by the
postal 1 employes was; $165 7 1~ and the
largest individual .contribution was
that •, of Frank . . J. Moffltt, who <jo
nated$50.'' /;;/;.":?;. .,.-. .' ' ;' a
¦ST. LOUIS. April 24.— To-day was the last
Sur.day that the World's Fair will b« open to
visitors. . *
'¦. The ; murders in'the VUnited ; States in
1903 ''numbered 8976"; the lynchiiigs
104.'-- ".-': ' ¦ ¦ ,~ ['/ ¦ . ¦ '¦ .-¦:¦ ¦ -v ;
Flames Destroy Poultry.
ALAMEDA, -April 24. — The Fire'De
partment was ] called out * shortly bo
fore* nine o'clock on j Saturday evening
to extinguish a blaze in a barn situ
ated in the rear of the residence of
Mrs. F, E. Bridges, 2150 Pacific
avenue. About", a hundred and fifty*,
rjigeons were suffocated bv th«» amain*.
Red and black are the common colon
of deep sea animals.
OAKLAND, April 24. — State Presi
dent M. J. . Hart of St. Patrick's Alli
ance attended the last ; meeting of
Oakland Alliance No. 5, which was held
at- California Hall. The quarterly re
ports of . officers were presented to the
lodge., showing that the -society is
steadily making progress. . The annual
ball of the: local alliance, will, be held
at Foresters' Hall on Tuesday evening,
mpy 1 i jMBBliwIIrl 1 ' NfffWafflSmi
State President Attends.
OAKLANDi^April 24.— The. commit
tee in charge of the. Memorial day
celebration in Oakland has decided
that • the afternoon ' services at \ the
cemetery shall be in charge of.G- W-
Langan, and those in the evening- will
be under the direction of J. A, Col
quhoun. The. officers of. the commit
tee are: Samuel M. Carr, chairman; A.
S. Ormsby, secretary,, and Mrs. V.
dishing, treasurer, i On Sunday, May
29, the Rev. E.E. Baker .will deliver
a Memorial day; service at the First
Presbyterian Church.- : ~ ; - • - ; ¦-.
Plans for Memorial Day.
OAKLAND, April 24. — The Cooks*
and Waiters' Union will give a dance
at Foresters' Hall on Saturday even-
Ing. The members of the committee
of arrangement* are: Miss Alice Bab
bandorf. Miss Maggie Callaghan. Miss
Annie Maguire. H. Corder, J. Dlker
mark. C. Herkenhan. Ed Thomas, J.
Purdy.
Cooks and Waiters Dance.
f YOUNTVILLE. April 24.— A de
lightful entertainment occurred at the
Veterans' Home Saturday night R.
Donohue did come good work as
"Luigi. the Ashman." The solo by
Miss A. McLea was well received. So
also was the act of the German com
edians, Carroll and Davis. The Fo~
children, Clare and Myrtle, were Ir
resistible In their specialties and en
raptured the veterans. The 'orphan
quartet treated;- th* old boys to some
.well rendered selections. The New
Century Minstrel Club was fine, and
rounds of applause greeted their
songs and Jokes.
Entertainment for Veterans.
Dr, H. G. Chappel acted as toast
master and the speakers were: J. Lan
caster, Rev. Edgar F. Gee, W. J.
Oakes, D. Edward Collins. A- J. Will
son and Austin Lewis. . The arrange
ments were in charge of the following
committee: T. Booth, president of
Albion Lodge; James Pollltt, A. G.
Rhodes, A- H. A. Smith, J. A. Barlow
Jesse Moore, John Ghent and A- j'
Willson- .
OAKLAND, April 24.— Mayor Olney
was a guest at the annual banquet of
Albion Lodge No. 206, Sons of" St.
George, which was held last night at
Piedmont Springs, and responded to
the toast, "Our Civic Authorities."
The occasion of the banquet was the
celebration of St. George's day and an
excellent ' programme, musical and
literary, was rendered in honor of
England's patron saint.
Mayor Olney Addresses the Members
of Albion Lodse at the An
nual Banquet.
Councilman John L. Howard will be
rcappointed to trie office of municipal
legislator by Mayor L Olney and no one
else -will be chosen until Mr. Howard
returns from his trip abroad. Thla 1j
the decision that has been arrived at
by the Mayor land his friends in' the
administraton who desire to see Mr.-
Howard finish tha: work he has begun.
Under the charter; the resignation of
a Councilman takes effect the moment
it Is presented to the body of which
he is a member. No other action is
necessary and the resignation has to
go to the Councll.and not to the Mayor.
The : Mayor, however, * fills . the . place
when it -becomes vacant.
When John L. ; Howard handed his
resignation to President Dornin of >;' the
Council and it was presented, to: that
body he ceased to be a Councilman and
ever. 1 since : that "resignation went', at
there has- been . one .vacant : place at
the. City Hall. . r. It has | been : decided
by Mayor Olney that he^willnot make
any appointment .to' the vacancy; unless
it - becomes necessary, -but , that »he will
allow the place \\.o- remain open: until
Mr.^Howard \ returns from' Europe. The
trip will consume about three months.'"
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, April 24."
SONS OF ST. GEORGE HONOR
-ENGLAND'S PATRON SAINT
Mayor Olney Will Hold the
Place Open for Him Until
Hii Return From Europe
Among -the attractions ¦ of the car
nival will ' be the big boaconstrictor
"Samson,','^ "The Trip to the Moon"
and the large collection of shows car
ried by the Dixie Carnival Company.
OAKLAND, April 24. — The free
street fair and carnival of the Uni
form Rank, . Knights of Pythias, of
Oakland will open to-morrow even
ing at Lafayette Square and will con
tinue until April 30. The carnival will
be opened with a military parade of
all the "companies of the Uniform
Rank in Alameda County and, several
from San Francisco! Major Max
Muehlenbruch will act, as grand mar
shal. ' .
Knights of Pythias Will Inaugurate
Free, Street Fair in Lafayette.
Square This Evening. .
OAKLAND. April 24.— The Key
Route -ferry system was tied up this
afternoon for thirty minutes owing to
a break in one of the trolleys of the
train-service at Ashby station. One
of the castings broke, allowing the
trolley pole to fall until it touched the
ground. This caused the current to
be shut off until the break could be
repaired. -•
The passengers intending to take
the 4:30 o'clock train for San Fran
cisco were compelled to take the
Southern Pacific cars.
J. Q. Brown, assistant superintend
ent and- chief engineer of the. com
pany, said the break was only a minor
one, which was likely to occur to any
system using electricity.'
Casting in Trolley Breaks at Ashby
Station and Delays Traffic for
Tliirty Minutes.
TO REAPPOINT
JOHN L. HOWARD
KEY ROUTE FERRY
SYSTE3I BREAKS DOWN
OAKLAND. April 24. — The ex
plosion which took place at 9 o'clock
this morning, at the Judson Powder
Works was not an accident. It was
prearranged and no damage was done.
The annual cleanup had Just been
made and a quantity of r>o\vder was
exploded in order to destroy a lot of
refuse mutter which had accumulated
during the year. The explosion was
quite heavy and was distinctly felt in
West Berkeley. The shock was also
slightly felt In Oakland.
People in the vicinity of the works
thought that another accident had
taken place .it the powder works and
until the fact* M'ere known much
anxiety was expressed for the safety
of the employes.
der Works Excitrs Residents of
Oakland and Berkeley.
Blowing Up of Refuse at Judson Pow-
PREARRANGED EXPLOSION
CAUSES NEEDLESS ALARM
WILL OPEN CARNIVAL
WITH MILITARY PARADE
BUDAPEST, April 24. — The railway
strike has completely collapsed and
freight and passenger traffic was re
sumed to-day.
, The Government took a decided
step to deal with the strikers in or
dering- all the reserve men liable to
military service to Join their respective
regiments.
A large 7 force of police under the
chief commissioner and two squad
rons of hussars surrounded the strik
ers' camp. The strike leader was im
mediately arrested on charges of in
citing disorder and treason for ad
verse criticism of - the royal decree
calling out the engineer reserve men
for service on the railroad. .
A committee representing the strik
ers, waited on the Minister of Com
merce and announced that the men
were willing to accept the Government
terms. . i*
Government Adopts Drastic Course
and Men Return to Work.
BUDAPEST STRIKE ENDS.
Montgomery in the chapel terminated
the ceremonies of the day. In this, as
in the ceremony of blessing, he was as
sisted by the Rev. Father Cranwell of
St. Mary's College, Father McNally of
St. Patrick's Church, Fathers Galli and
Barichiti of St. Joseph's Church and
Father King of St. Mary's Church, all
of Oakland. . ,
Among those who assisted in the cer
emonies were Fathers McHugh of St.
Anthony's, Cantwell of St. Joseph's of
Berkeley and Connolly of St. Paul's of
San Francisco; Brothers Theodorus,
provincial of the Christiaji Brothers;
Genebern, principal of St. Joseph's
Academy; Hugh, vice principal; Aldrick,
superintendent; Austin and Hilary,
prefects; Edmund, Peter, Timothy and
Paul of the faculty; Zenonian, presi
dent of St. Mary's College;. Benedict,
vice president, and Agnew, Timothy,
Alfred, Vallesian and Paul of the fac
ulty; Brothers XeneDhon, Louis, Greg
ory, Vincent, Hosea and Timothy of
Sacred Heart College; Brothers Vivian,
Augustine. Edwin and Josephus'of St.
Peter's School; Brothers Felan, Luke,
John and Basil of St. Anthony!s School;
BrothersVictorick and Valerias-of the
Martinez Normal School, Brother An
drew of the Santa Cruz School and
Brothers Michael, Vincent and Lactain
of St. Vincent's Asylum.
in this country for 225 years and in all
that time had been engaged in teach
ing.
"Many of you have children," the
speaker said, "and you are .wondering
what to do with them when they grow
up. I'll tell you what to do with some
of them. See if you can detect in them
the germs of Christian brotherhood and
then give them over to the cause. No
man could aspire higher. The Christian
brothers are devoted body and soul, by
enthusiasm and vow to the cause' of
the young. They do not neglect their
secular obligations, but teach the high
est ideals . of Christianity. . They are
specialists in their line. This is the ace
of specialists and they know love and
loyalty and intellect."
The Archbishop Dointed out that the
social difficulties of the country are to
be solved only through the Christian
religion, and he referred to a recent
speech of President Wheeler of the uni
versity to support this idea. The cur
riculum of the university aa it now
stands will not solve our difficulties. It
needs something of Christianity in it.
And following out this idea the Arch
bishop said that the principle of the
purely secular school is wrong, because
it leads children away from the paths
of religion.
PRIESTS ASSISTING.
A solemn benediction by -Archbishop
BERKELEY. April 24.— With cere
monies that seemed strikingly simple
in contrast with the magnitude of the
enterprise, St. Joseph's Academy at
Peralta Park was dedicated to-day to
the cause of religious and secular learn
ing. Archbishop Montgomery officiated
in the grave ceremony of blessing the
imposing building and addressed the
people. This was all, but the signifi
cance of the ceremony was evident, and
"brief and simple as it seemed it carried
a message to the hearts of the great
crowd of men and women who assem
bled to see and hear.
The Archbishop first blessed the ex
terior of the building, in which cere
mony he was attended by a procession
of acolytes, priests and Christian
brothers In full regalia. Then the
chapel and interior of the building were
visited, the members of the procession
chanting while they marched. This
ceremony was followed by the address
of the Archbishop, who spoke from the
lower balcony of the hall, so many peo
ple being present that the chapel could
not contain more than half of them.
A NOBLE ORDER.
Archbishop Montgomery spoke of the
Christian brothers as being engaged in
a noble work, that of the secular and
religious training of the young. The
brothers, he said, had been established
SANTA CRUZ, April 24.— The funeral
of Zach. Bafnet, city editor of the Sen
tinel, was held this afternoon from the
Masonic Temple and many persons it
tended. The services were conducted
by Rabbi Meyers of the Bush-street
synagogue in San Francisco. The pall
bearers were Duncan McPherson,
Charles W. Waldron, A. Cohen. A. G03
llner, 8.J. Straues and I. Fleislg. Th£
inferment was in the Hebrew cemetery.
Barnet had been in the newspaper
business for more than a score of year3
and was a prominent resident of Santa
Cruz. The excellence of his character
was widely known and chiefly contii
buted to his popularity. He was ever
willing to help an acquaintance and in
variably self-sacrificing when the call
Of a friend reached him. "His devotion
to his newspaper work made him not
able among country correspondents. He
was a skillful newsgatherer, an excep^
tlonally capable writer and had In hti«
the_mixed-up elements that make a 1
man.
Interment of "Zach" Barnet's
Remains.
NOTABLE NEWSPAPER MAN
BURIED AT SANTA CRUZ
San Francisco Rabbi Officiates at th%
ARCHBISHOP MONTGOMERY ADDRKSSING THE GATHERING THAT ATTENDED THE DEDICATION OF ST. JOSEPH'S
ACADEMY AT PERALTA PARK, WEST BERKELEY, YESTERDAY. HIS GRACE OFFICIATED AT THE CEREMONY OF
BLESSING THE BUILDINGS. ATTENDED BY A LARGE NUMBER OF PRIESTS AND ACOLYTES.
The funerel will be held Tuesday
morning at 70:30 o'clock from St. Mark's
Kpiscopal Church and will be attended
by the members of Durant Lodge of
Masons, of which Mr. Rhorer was a
member.
During the Civil War Mr. Rhorer was
in the South, "out took no part in the
conflict. Ho came to California in 1872
and spent a few years farming in the
Sacramento Valley, until a flood swe-jt
away his fortune. Then he went to San
Francisix) and engaged in insurance.
lils popularity won him favor every
where and he wa* appointed deputy in
surance commissioner, a position that
he hold through the successive adminis
trations that controlled the political
machinery of the State.
BERKELEY. April 24.— Milton M.
Rhorer. for twenty-eight years deputy
insurance commissioner for California
and a man known from one end of the
State to the other by insurance men.
passed away at his home, 1943 Univer
sity avenue, this morning after an ill
ness of two months. Dropsy attacked
Mr. Rhorer two months ago and grad
ually bore him down, tho malady final
ly developing into pneumonia and caus
ing death.
Mr. laborer's life was one of peace.
&.nd the milestones of his career are
unmarked by any stirring chapter?.
Born in Indiana in 1SG0, hs was reared
near his native home and in time grad
uated from the Etate University. In
1?ZL h«_» was marritd to Miss Virginia
Young in Virginia. Four children were
born to them, of whnrn tv:o are living —
Mrs. Florence Wort-ham of Henderson.
Kentucky, and Mrs. Kate Atkinson of
California.
MILTON RHORER
CLOSES LIFE'S
LONG ACCOUNT
The island, as indicated, lies about
midway between Honolulu and - San
Francisco, but considerably south of
the sailing routes, consequently but
few vessels ever pass that way. The
sloop of war Levant, which disap
peared in mid-Pacific in 1858 is sup
posed bjT some to have gone on the
rocks somewhere in that vicinity.
WASHINGTON, April 24. — The
cruiser Tacoma has been ordered on
a practice cruise from Tacoma to
Honolulu, thence to San Francisco.
Captain Nicholson has been instructed
to endeavor on the return trip to lo
cate an island that has been indicated
on the navigation charts for yeara, but
the existence of which is in doubt. The
Albatross sailed over the point wherrf
it is supposed to be located, flndlnsr
a great depth of water, yet report*
have come to the department that
breakers and other indications of an
obstruction have been seen, in that
vicinity and an effort is to be made
to obtain something accurate con
cerning what is now known as "doubt
ful danger."
San Francisco and Honolulu.
Government Will Try to Locate Un
known Island Jlidway Between
TACOMA TO SEARCH
FOR "DOUBTFUL DANGER"
In speaking of the book, Editor Hal
lett says:
"We have tried to eliminate many of
the mean personal features that have
marked previous issues of the annual.
We had a large staff helping us, but
th« work was bo divided that every
member was held responsible for a
certain portion of the work. The book
was divided into seventeen depart
ments. It was a big undertaking, and
we hope that it will meet with the ap
proval of the college community."
Among those who gave a great por
tion of their time to the getting out of
the annual are Miss Alice Phillips. Jo
srph P. Loeb and H. W. Dehm. The
following is the staff of the 1905 Blue
and Gold":
Editorial, staff — Miss Alice Phillips. MIbs
Grrta Ausruftin?. Ml*s Ethel Richardson.
James T. Slxaw. Victor Stumpf. Shirley
Hcughton. Mi?s Anna MUhler. Joseph Loeb,
J. J. O'Cor.nell, Miss Ada Stone, Miss Agnes
pptrrsori. A. C. Maclelsh. Raglan Tuttle. Miss
Alma Baniett. Harmon Wlckscn. John Night
ingale, Miss Florence FertEon, Mies Celeste
J-a Corte. A. C. K»ane. Mies Myrtle Sims.
John TvIcCclloujrh. Robert Hoedel. Miss Fior
encc .T>cdjre. Mls« Mabel Downs, G. J. Anloff.
K. H. McConntlC Miss Gladys Wlckson.
Herbert Thomson. Miss Florence Fisk. O. S.
Orrlck, A. R. Helre. Leo Bishop. J. L. Dob
bins. W. T. Hale, Mlva Victoria Stewart,
Nellie Bsal. W. G. Hubbard, MIbs Camllle
Johnston. Mark Panit-ls. Charles Turner. Miss
Eleanor Pliv, Thomas McGlynn. C. L. Blge
low. G. S. Snyder. William Kenny. J. C. Blair.
E. W. Alexander, L. E. Uulkeley. Frank
Glllelen. Miss Danhne Huskey, O. S. Adams,
Mifs Nellie McCarthy, Bert Campbell. .,
Mariapi^g ftaff — Mervyn Samuels, manager;
W. H Murray. E. C. Baker, W. C. Critten
dm C A. Khuey. II. S. Pond. G. C Ringol-
Bky". H. B. Hawley. T. E. Ri»l«y. E. J. Grind
ley. F. W. Phay. MUs E. E. Nichols, Mis* May
Knlpht, Mifs Flora FrSckatad. MIks Grace
Jarvls. Mies Anna Lcmos. Miss F, E. De
<":i:n|i, Mies Mary Day. Miss Mary Durend,
N. JK E4dy. T. K. nauch. .
EDITOR GIVES VIEWS.
For the first time in the history of
the universitv the Affiliated Colleges
and the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art
have contributed liberally to the pages
of tbe annual. Separate departments
have been set aside for the medical
college, pharmacy.college and the Cal
ifornia School of Design, and the work
in these pages ranks with some of the
best that has been done by the Berke
ley people- .
The. cover of the book is done in a
rich blue leather with a panel of Cali
fornia poppies done in gold on the top
by Miss Florence Fisk of the junior
class. One of the striking features of
the annual is found on the fly leaves,
where the thumb nail snapshots of the
400 members are printed in blue and
gold.
To Professor Henry Morse Stephens
is accorded the • honor of having the
cleverest Blue and Gold yet published
dedicated to him. The following is the
simple prefatory dedication:
"To Professor Henry Morse Stephens
we dedicate this book — in no spirit of
mere formality."
This is the first time in five years
that editor and manager of the Bluft
and Gold have succeeded in getting the
individual pictures of the sororities.
Hitherto pictures have'never been en
graved in such a» way as to do the
young: ladies Justice. This time Man
ager Samuels has met their demands
by engraving the pictures in the most
thorough way known to the art. Be
sides thf> individual pictures of the
young ladies the book contains engrav
ings of every fraternity man and every
member of a house club in the univer
sity.
This talk of the superiority of the
book may well come under the head of
advertising, and the book may not jus
tify it all, but two things are certain—
that it is to cost more and contain more
than any of its predecessors. Its covers
Inclose upward of 700 pages and about
1000 high-class half-tone engravings.
The students must take the editors'
word for it that It is the finest example
of the printer's art that a printer's
brain ever conceived.
Aside from the considerations of size
and artistic excellence there is another
phase of the book that will interest the
college community to an absorbing de
gree. One hundred and fifty pages of
the annual have been devoted to what
is known as a "Josh department."
Here Editor Hallett and his staff have
directed their shafts of ridicule at
many of the most important and digni
fied people of the university. No one,
from President Wheeler down to the
humblest freshman, has escaped the
undergraduate sallies. This depart
ment contains many clever caricatures
of those in high places.
ALL ARE GATHERED.
The '05 Blue and Gold editors an
nounced to-day that the book upon
which they have labored for two yeara
will be issued from the bookstores on
Wednesday. The event will be awaited
with particular enthusiasm, as the
editor, Eugene R. Hallett. and the busi
ness manager, Mervyn J. Samuels, have
been savins' up for a long time, and it
is said they have eclipsed anything
ever attempted by an American uni
versity.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
• 2148 Center Street. April 24.
Following are statements fr»m promi
nent real estate dealers regarding the
business of the last week:
H B Belden— We have had a very active
Inquiry for residence property sinca the
weath«r has become settled and. our office has
negotiated the following recent sales: Lot on
Forty-third street, near Grove, for Mrs. Allc*
Pawson to K. F. Thayer; bouse and lot on
Twenty-fourth street, near Chestnut, for Mrs.
Albsrt Powell to August Menke: lot en Thirty
fourth street, rear West, for Will Jam" J. Din-
Bee to- James Perkins: lot on Thirty-third
street, near Market, for Willlm J. Dlngee
to C. ,M. MacQregror: two lots In tbe Klnar
Tract. Frultvale. for Mrs. Alice Pawson to H.
A PleitntT: lot on Mead avenue, near Market
street, for the Mead heirs to Joseshv Morris.
A number of other sales are now pending
which will be closed this week.
We have been Instructed to' close out the
Oakland intercuts of the Jones heirs, consisting
of six Improved and two unimproved properties
on Jones street, between Grove street and Tele
graph avenue: two acreage properties ia Fruit
vale, a lot on. Thirty-fourth and Grove streets
and a piece ot business property en San Pablo
avenue which we have Just placed on the mar
ket at prices that will undoubtedly attract pur
chasers. /
There is apoarently no decrease In buildins
operations and the Beld»n Building and Invest
ment Comoany now has on hand the follow
ing contracts: Two-story house on Sycamore
street, near Telegraph avenue: ' cottage for
Charles Cunningham, on Ninth and j Powell
streets. Golden Gate: cottage for Ramon A.
Merel on Fifth and Union streets; two-story
residence for Mrs. Mary J. Wyras on Mfty
slxth and Park streets. Golden Gate: and cot
tag* for JosfDb Morris on Mead avenue, near
Market street. • J .
Hammond & Hammond. Alameda— W <# have
several deals on hand which will be closed
during the coming week, and we have lately
had many inquiries for improved residence
property. There is a large demand for this
class cf property, the prevailing prices being
frrm $2000 to SW0O. Everything at present
indicates that 1004 will be a drat-class year.
Meadu * B«H. Oakla-nd— The market has
never b«»n better than during the last two
weeks, and I think this good growth will con
tinue. The principal demand In our office is
for Improved residence^prooerty at from »-50O
tO Ch 3 arles F. L*e. Frultvale— The market Is
hpalthv In spite of the fast that prices of
Fruitvale orexerty have «c0vanced nearly 25
per cent In the last twelve months.- I made
eleven sales >a«t week and made twenty-two
th |lo P^ e * n «wIln k Berkeley-Weather ha. In
terfered somewhat with the market during the
last two months, but since fine weather has
begun things look brjght for a good year. We
have many Inquiries from people In San Fran
cisco and the Interior of the State, and some
from riasuro people, the demand being princi
pally for homes worth from $2500 to $4000.
Alameda Land Company — The market Is Im
proving a*id we have inquiries from Eastern
people who feem to prefer Alameda to Los
Angeles as'a location for home*. Our princi
pal business Is In Improved property, ranging
In price from $2500 to $6500. The recent
"booster" meetings in Alameda have been a
good thin*, as they have waked people up to
the fact that at last the citizens of Alameda
are ready to work tnythfr.
An Important event in the industrial
development of Oakland is the moving
of the main office of the Pacific Steel
and Wire Company from San Fran
cisco to the company's mill at 1001
Twenty-second avenue. The change
was made on account of the increasing
business of the company on this side
of the bay.
The. Berkeley Real Estate Exchange
has elected the following officers for
the next term: President. Francis Fer
rier; vice president, W. C. Moran: sec
retary. Robert Baird; treasurer, M. P.
W. Albee.
S. M. Dodge & Co. of this city have
recently issued a series of souvenir
postal cards, on which are engraved il
lustrations of various parts of the busi
ness centers of Oakland, and. several
thousand of them have been distributed
to tourists to send to their friends in
the East. Henry A. Dodge reports a
good market and a lrrge demand for
improved residence property ranging in
price from $3000 to 16500.
DEALERS STATE BELIEFS.
The California Bank.building, at the
corner of Twenty-thiru avenue and
East Fourteenth street, is almost com
pleted, and a number of other business
buildings are being erected in that vi
cinity.
Work has been commenced on the
new building of the Sunset Telephone
and Telegraph Company, on Franklin
street, between Fifteenth and Seven
teenth streets.
WORK PROGRESSES.
A steady increase in the demand for
improved residence property -has
marked the last week and local real
estate dealers are well satisfied with
the condition of the market. Building
operations have increased'in proportion
to the sales "of property, and homes,
apartment-houses and business blocks
are being erected in j all parts of Oak
land and the surrounding towns.
One of the largest recent transactions
is the purchase bv A. J. Snyder of a
large tract on Telegraph avenue, be
tween Thirtieth and Thirty-first streets,
from Isabella C., May, Cecelia C,
D'Audigne and James V. Coleman.
The" tract includes lots 6 to 40, and the
consideration is understood to have
been about {50,000. Mr. Snyder has
lately transferred a lot on Telegraph
avenue, between Twenty-fifth and Syc
amore streets, to Kate Winzell of Ne
vada. The tract has a frontage of 140
feet on Telegraph avenue, and the pur
chase price was $12,000.
• Another important transaction ¦was
the sale, by Mrs. Charles Weidler, of a
lot on the corner of Broadway and
Twenty-fifth street, to A, E. pro
prietor of the Jersey Creamery. Mr,
Fox will at once begin the construction
of a building 100x118 feet on the prop
erty, which, when completed, will be
occupied by the Jersey Milk, Cream
and Butter Company. The building
will be one story in height and will be
constructed especially for use . as a
creamery and will be fitted with mod
ern appliances. The sale was made
through the office of Taylor Bros. &
Co.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
' 1118 Broadway, April 24.
"What do you mean by striking me
like that?" but the only answer was a
renewal of the attack, the man felling
her to the ground once more. As the
victim gained her feet a second time
she ran screaming to her mother-in
law's home. When she reached the
d>or the man turned and walked rapid
ly toward Broadway, disappearing iu
the darkness. Mrs. Denise found hsr
daughtor-in-law in a faint on the door
step and after learning the cause of the
trouble notified the police.
Mrs. Burns describes her assailant as
a boyish looking fellow between 19 and
22 years of age, veering a lisrl}t hat
and a dark suit of clothes. The police
were unuble to find any trace of the
man.
ALAMEDA, April 24.— Mrs. W. F.
liurns of 2617 Santa Clara avenue was
attacked and severely beaten by an un
known man this evening while on her
v.ay home from the Park-street broad
paupe station. Her assailant, after
striking her several times and knocking
her down twice made his escape. Mrs.
Burns does not think that robbery was
the motive of the attack as she says
i hat the man made no attempt to se
ture her purse or other valuables and
made no demand for money. She pro
iesses to be at a. loss to understand the
reason for her assailant's action and
says that she never saw the man be
fore. The assault took place about 9
o'clock in front of a vacant lot on
Santa Clara avenue between Broadway
and Everett street, almost directly in
front of the home of Mrs. J. XI- Deniee,
Mrs. Burns' mother-in-law, where the
victim ran for help after making her
tsrape from the assailant.
Mrs. Burns had left the 8:45 broaJ
pauge train at Park street and was
walking home on Santa Clara avenut?.
As she passed the corner of Santa
CUn avenue and Everett strett
she noticed a man standing on
the corner, who, as she approached,
lighted a cigarette. Then he
turned and followed. overtaking
her about the middle of the block.
Without a word he sprang in front of
Mrs. Burns. As he did so he struck hor
a heavy blow, knocking her down and
saying as he did so "There now.". Mrs.
Burns struggled to her feet and asked.
BEKKELET April 2*.— Dr. A. I*. Kroeber,
secretary of the anthropological department,
has submitted a report of the department which
shows that unusual activity has characterized
the work in anthropology. Ther« have beta
received within the last three months twelve
accessions to the museum. Including collection*
frcm flv« different parts of California, froin
the Southwest, the .Mississippi Valley. Arizona..
• China, Japana. Siberia and Sooth America.
The prosecution of the anthropological research
along the various lines undertaken has beer*
attended with uniform success. A» tho result
of a recent trip of Pliny E. Goddard to the
East and the establishment of closer relations
between himself and Dr. Washington Matthews,
the foremost living authority on the great
Athabascan family of Indians, Mr. GoddartJ
has b«en able to take the first active step by
a trip to the Xavajo Indiana in completing ana
continuing Dr. Matthews' life work. Mrs. Wil
liam H. Crocker has renewed her gift of It»t
year and thus Mrs. Zella Nuttall Is enabled ta
continue her valuable researches in Mexico. At
the same time the work in the museum haj
been going on steadily under the direction or
Professor George C. Putnam. A department
library has been organised and the work <ls«
Identification and cataloguing of eell»etUms<
has made great progress. All the ethnological
and part of the archaelegica! collections from
California have been carefully catalogued pleca
by piece, and the same thing i» being donfl
with the Alaskan collections and those forrnea
in Greece by Dr Emerson.
Professor William. A. Merrill of the depart
ment of tAtln has recently completed the work
of preparing an exhaustive critical and an
setlcal commentary on "Lucretius."
The Students* Senate elected the following
new officers for the coming term: President,
Carl Baker; vice president. E. P. White; secre
tary Samuel Evans; treasurer. J. F. Shumann:
executive committee. H. A. Muller and SI. E.
Stout.
Karl Formes and Arthur Weiss have been
engaged as stage director and musleal di
rector, respectively, for the extravagan** w
b* presented by the senior class on class day.
Those who will take part In the production ar»
V M. Hamilton. Scott Hendricka. Carl Parker.
Philip M Carey M. R. Van Warmer, John
O«ary. Huasell McCotnas. R. E. Ool<ib«g,
Frederick Blanchard. M. A. Milton, Jack t«vy.
OHn Wellburn. P. E. Bisbee. W. E. Wright.
R. A. Hutchlns. M. J. Jeffresa and Howard
Merrill.
It Cost More and' It Con
tains More Than Any of
Its Many Predecessors
Assailant Is Finally Re
pelled and -His Victim
Reaches Her . Residence
Market Improves -With Good
Weather, and an Excellent
Year \ Expected by Agents
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
DEALERS ARE SATISFIED
CALL IT WORK OF ART
TWICE KNOCKED DOWN
Alameda Ruffian Brutally
Assaults Mrs. W. F. Burns
on Public Thoroughfare
Editors of Junior 'Class An
nual Announce Birthday
of the Book of Joshes
Investors Are Buying Prop
erty and Erecting Homes
" in All Parts of the City
FOOTPAD FELLS
WOMAN IN DARK
BLUE AND GOLD
OUT OF SHELL
OAKLAND HOMES
ARE IN DEMAND
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF AL AMED A
THE SAN- FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, v APRIL. 25; ;190i.
Imposing Educational Building Erected by the Christian Brothers Is Conse
crated With Solemn Religious Rites—Many Clergy and Teachers
Present Who Listen With Interest to Sermon in Praise of Builders
ARCHBISHOP MONTGOMERY DEDICATES
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY AT BERKELEY
A syndicate is about to open extens
ive coal areas under the sea near Hali
fax.' - "" . " • v- ¦ ,; .". - ..
4
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4592.
OAKLAND.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
. ALA3IEDA COUNTY'The existence -of society i depends' upon th«
good, things It has. to offer Its ;. votaries; . "Old
Gilt Edge" whiskey for example. Wichman.
Lutren &. Co.. S. F. : . '•-,-.**-:,
seventh prize, R. Selss eighth prize, J, Masser
ninth prize. / \ •
Seven girls and ten boys were Riven
prizes for competition In the children's
sports and a number of prizes were
awarded to the. best dancers. In the
latter case the judges will announce
their decision later. The adult field
sports were under the direction of Pro
fessor Robert Barth, Instructor of the
Mission Turn "Verein, and the children
w«re looked after by Dr. von Bulow.
The following were the committees:
General arrans<cments — A. H. Manne, W. B.
Buck, John Etegemann.
For Turn Verein — Dr. von Bulow, C. Hahn,
August Hcndricka.
For tlnrers — J. Seha«fer. J. Bchllb. R..'Berjb.
For Bchuetzen Verein— William Gerken, T.
ICickeleUen. F. Hauler.
Fpr Turn Bitten — Mrs. Arendt, • Mrs. Jusel,
Mrs. r Hlnrich*.
HONOLULU. April 17.— The fol
lowing-executive notice has been is
sued to the heads of all departments
by Governor Carter, and if this first
sharp reminder does not cause, terrl«
torial employes to mend their ways,
it is apt to be. followed by summary
dismissal: i:V
Complaints 'ni\e been, made- that- some'', of.
the employees of the Government of the Terri
tory of Hawaii fail to pay tlieir bills due mer
chants and storekeepers for 'the-- necessary
supplies which' they procure for themselves
and their families. , . '
It is the sense of the executive that clerks
who are in receipt of regular and, stated sala
ries should ' make > every effort to . meet' their
proper and , legal -. obligations. Unless satis
factory reasons can be- assigned f«r. their fail
ure to . do ¦ th!*.%all such offenders • should ; be
sharply reprimanded by., the heads -. of their
departments .and :» informed ' that* any further
complaint made upon the same, subject will
be followed ' by dismissal; : . . . ; ¦
The executive feels that- those • who' fall, to
act honorably - In their, private L'. affairs can
hardly be ¦ expected; to «lve full j and : adequate
eatlsfaction to the Government that employs
them. •: -'."-¦'••¦ :'¦':.¦':* -/'¦¦¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦
WANTS EMPLOYES TO
1 PAY THEIR DEBTS
- Alexander McDonald, a blacksmith
residing at 27 Chencry street, was
thrown out of a buggy at Twenty-sixth
and Castro streets yesterday. McDon
ald was on his way to his home, when
his horse took fright and ran away.
The man struck on his j back, re
ceiving injuries which necessitated
his removal to the City and County
Hospital, where he was treated for a
contused wound on the head with a
possible fracture of the skull.
Thrown From a Buggy.
After completing a very prolonged
toilet the tardy gentleman ¦ leisurely
meandered on deck. There he was met
by Dr. Hobdy, the examining doctor.
An exchange of words followed, and
the doctor's arm shot out, landing a
doubled fist on the jugular of the Brit
isher.; Fortunately on his arising from
the deck, did not rush mat
ters and .the consequence was that
peace was soon restored."
Captain Warwick called on the Brit
ish Consul immediately, upon his ar
rival at Honolulu, but that official Bays
that the call was of ; a-,social
character. Warwick later explained
that ; he understood » the : time * for the
examination was after eight o'clock.
A small unpleasantness, in which
English and Kentucky blood was in
volved, furnished considerable excite
ment on board the America Maru as
she entered Honolulu on her last trip.
The affair looked, for a time, as if
serious war might ensue, but was for
tunately ended by a series of apologies.
The passengers of the vessel were,
on the day prior 1 to their entering the
harbor, notified that they would be ex
pected to appear on deck at 7:45 the
next morning to be examined by the
United States Marine Hospital Board
ing Surgeon.. At the appointed time
the deck was lined by many passen
gers, eager to be examined and allowed
to go ashore. One man failed to an
swer the roll. Captain A. W. Warwick
of the British army was that man*.
Eight o'clock arrived and still no
Warwick. A' steward's boy was sent
below to advise the Britisher of his
tardiness and to ask that he report on
deck as soon as possible. It is claimed
that Warwick made the remark that
he would not be hurried by any — — —
American and then proceeded to enioy
the luxuries of the Inevitable, tin
bath. :=. S ¦¦¦'
T*rK»« r»BK*. "(X» yard*. Captain E.
l>uttiins*r JuiJe* 1 — Dick Ftfgeinann flr»t prlz<*.
grjl"! m<*t!al; F. Haurrr e*ct>nd rrlK*. poid
medal; A. WeiniT third prize, cold m*dal: 1*
J>rth fourth pm*. m*(J»l; Albert H. Menne
fftli priz". mwJal: Captain W. Bock eixth
prJt". m^da); H. Basok pevrnth prize, medal:
Ocrse Ptader eighth prize, medal; Chri«.
St*d*r ninth priz # . medal; lieutenant W.
G^rken tenth prise, medal; Tliwnin Nlckeleiwn
eleventh rrlze, n»ed»l; Frank Herten twelfth
prize, medal; John fitogfmann thirteenth
prise, medal.
FJcM rportf: Bert seirrerate for hlrh Jump:
hop *Hp «nd Jump, putting 6txteen-pound shot.
rHrnbln*- rope, pole vault and hlcb Jump—
Albert OntBche) first prize, Theodore Ga«tje
•<;cond prize.. Adolph Welmer third priz«.
J,<-ui5= Rufb lourth prize. Ed. Martin fifth
prise u . Hiesclbruck elxtb prize. M, Helde
Committees in charge estimated the
throng at 2500 people. From the num
l*r in the dancing pavilion and around
th* various attractions in the park.
th«»ir figures ¦were no doubt correct.
Happiness w#3 apparent on all sides
and the members of the organizations
pronounced the picnic the most enjoy
eblf> ?vrr irlven under their names.
Thr> various prizes which were won
will ho distributed at Mission Turn
WrHn Hall at a future date to be
nprced upon. The following were the
winners:
New gold medals for field sports and
target scores •will be quite plentiful
In San Francisco as the result of the
annual picnic of the Mission Turn
Verein and the San Francisco Schuet
zen Vcrein li«*ld yesterday in Glen Park.
A more perfect day for the event
could not have been selected. From
early morning until twilight pleasures
were enjoyed in the open air. Begin
ning xvfth a parade, in which more
than COO participated, there was no
abatement until the sun had gone down
«-<nri the tired picnickers wended their
whv homeward.
Many Gold 31edals Are Won
on the Target Range and
in the Field Sport Trials
Captain in British Army Is
Tardy in Reporting to
Doctor and Fight Ensues
The tenth annual picnic and outing
of the Star of Finland Society was
held at Shell Mound Park yesterday
and was largely attended by members
nnd their families. Games and races
for young and old were held, resulting
in many entries'. The committee of
arrangements was composed of E. A.
Sundlof, A. A. Johnson, R. J. Hylen,
John Blomquist and Charles Wattson;
the reception committee of II. Her
mans, F. HolPtrom, A. Storm, AnnI
Blomquist. Victor Sundman. Mrs. Lina
Johnson, C. Karp. John Stolz, Mrs.
Olga Anderson, Miss Ida Nesman, Miss
Augusta L.indgren, Gus Carlson and H.
Soderlund: the floor committee of C.
Carlson. O. Blomquist. Ellis Kklund,
Olga Xesman, Amanda BJorquist,
Emma Xorgran. Charles Mattson,
Carrie Hermans and Irene Skrifvare.
Tenth Annual Picnic Brings Out Largo
Crowd at Shell Mound
Park.
TURNERS HOLD
ANNUAL PICNIC
WARWICK KEEPS
HOBDI WAITING
PJjFUSA&T OUTIXG OF THE
STAR OF FIXIjAXD SOCIETY"
Club Parties.
One of the most delightful musicales
TRIBUTES PAID
TO BENEFACTOR
GENERAL BOOTH
TELLS OF WORK
High Officer Says That for
Long Time the Sect Was
-Regarded' With Disfavor
Memorial. Meeting- in Honor
of Late William G. Badger
- Hears Words of Praise
General Ballington Booth of the Vol
unteers; of America, who is making a
short visit, to this city, - preached an
impressive sermon at the First Presby
terian Church last evening, illustrating
the great amount of good accomplished
by the institution he represents. The
service was attended, by members of
various churches throughout the city,
and it was a large, and^ihterested con
gregation that responded to the emi
nent^ evangelist's appeal for financial
aid in rendering assistance to the poor.
General Booth used for his text the
words, "The angel > of - his presence
saved them." In part. he said:
•Several years azo, .lehen the Volunteers of
America were first organized, we were sub
ject to a vast amount of unkind and sarcastic
criticism. We were criticised by the people,
by the churches and by the press. We were
looked upon as mercenaries.-' and it was the
popular opinion that the Institution would be
disorganized long before now.
We have worked- hard and conscientiously
these few years, and I think we have won a
great victory. The amount of good work we
have done and the relief we have - given Is
more than I can tell. \
"The angel of his' presence saved them."
and It was the angel of his presence that has
inspired us to do our utmost In this work.
Many of you think . that diamonds, expensive
dresses and homes are beautiful. You make
a grave error, for they are not beautiful.
There is nothing so beautiful as the divine
faith in the great Creator. *
' We, the members of this Institution, visit
dally the darkest sections of this and other
cities — sectionti that you. with your silk hats
and kid gloves, would shun. We make thoee
places our field for the reformation of souls
and -are guided and protected by his presence.
General Booth concluded his remarks
with several interesting anecdotes of
his experiences. A large offering was
received to aid the Volunteers' work. •
General Booth will speak this even
ing at- the First Congregational
Church.
HONOLULU. April 17.— Matsumoto
Moritaro, a Japanese * plantation la
borer, has been • convicted of > the mur
der of Arthur Glennan on the night of
Friday. • January S. Glennan was the
civil j engineer in charge of > the" Maka
weli plantation ditch.' He had aroused
the; enmity of a gang of Japanese
gamblers \that. swarmed around. ,the
camps ; as .soon as their countrymen
received' their" wages. ! Glennan was
murdered while asleep in his bed by
being blown : uo -with dynamite, which
was .placed under, his bed . and ignited
by a fuse -leading to it from the out
side of the; tent. ,
Man Who Use Dynamite to Kill
Engineer Glennan Must Pay
t -'Penalty. •
JAPANESE MURDERER
;;^* CONVICTED IX HAWAII
The; ice ¦consumed in Great Britain
comes "almost /exclusively from Nor
way. *'-'" T£' '
Eloquent tributes to the memory of
the late William G. Badger were
spoken yesterday afternoon at , the
meeting called in honor of the deceased
philanthropist at Golden Gate Hall. The
large audience included many whom
Mr. Badger had aided with friendly
counsel or more substantial assistance
in their start on the road to success.
His deep interest in young men and the
unselfish devotion that had led him to
give away a fortune in practical be
neficence formed the keynote of the ad
dresses! The members of Mr. Badger's
family were present. .
The Rev. J. S. Lee of St. James
Church read the Episcopal service for
the dead. Solos were beautifully ren
dered-by Miss Juliette Greehinger and
Mrs. Muhlner. Then William Metzner,
the merchant, one of. Mr. Badger's
"boys," who are glad to acknowledge
their debt to him, spoke in feeling
terms of his character and the value
of his work for the youth of San Fran
cisco* He said- in part:.
' No one who knew our friend would fail to
testify to the nobleness of his character and
the loyalty " of .his life — loyalty to God and
country and: the . Ideals of hlshtsfr manhood.
No boy on the streets was ever too poor or too
poorly dressed for a cheery word from him and
a hearty clasp of the hand. Tlure was noth
ing of the Mligrlous Pharisee about him, and
nothing- of the society man. He cared more for
the company of a few of his boys at his home
than any .other pleasure - the world held.
Thousands • of his beneficiaries, the men he
had Inspired . and helped, are scattered over
the Unifd States, and many are doing good
work In foreign lands. The place for hl» coun
try's lias: was Just below the cross. No one
could b* a Christian In his opinion who did not
lovo his country. • . v
J. H. • Baker of the quartermaster's
department, : U/S. A.,~ and assistant su
perintendent of the St. Albans Sunday
School, of which the decedent was the
founder, and. for thirty-five years, the
superintendent, after a brief address on
Mr.' Badger's companionship with
young men, offered the following reso
lutions , which were unanimously
adopted:.
Whereas. It has pleased him who doeth all
things well, the Author and Ruler of our
lives to remove from our midst our friend and
brother. William G. Badcer; and ; ¦ :'.'
Whereas ¦ The intimate relations lenr : held
by our deceasf-d friend and companion with. the
members of St. Albajis Sunday-school and
the ' Golden : Links render -,lt • proper that we
should place on | record | our high appreciation
of his oervlces In a long official career, and to
his many high qualities of mind and heart and
his merits as a man; therefore be It ;• :•,
. Resolved, That in. the death of William G.
Badger we bay.* -lost a friend who was always
active and - zealous in . his i work In the school
and lodee. prompt to advance their Interests,
devoted i to } their'., welfare • and prosperity: one
who. was wise In • counsel, an \ honest and- up
right * man : " one .' who " loved . the >, school In - the
highest and deepest sense; one who loved hl3
country and his country'^ flair, his horn* and
his family; '••* - brave,, ' .-modest. :¦' kind-hearted,
broad-minded. . generous ¦< Christian - gentleman
and brother In every true sense of the word,
whoi»e i virtues '- endeared • him . not . only : to : th«j
members , of the school - and ¦ lods*. but ; to ¦ all
his ; fellow ; citizens;' ' t < '
¦¦-. Resolved. ¦» That i we here. ; hi : mettin* . aseem
bled<to do honor to his memory. -do tender our
heartfelt > sympathy to * the 'members ' of '¦ his
family in this their :ead bereavement' and af
fliction. WKUmBBHS^S^SSSSSSSlBSBBBm
Home Parties.
Miss Clara Seaton entertained the
senior class of Irving Institute and
many more friends at a card party
Saturday afternoon, April 16, at her
home. 1507 Steiner street. Miss Irene
Allison, 'Miss Alice Baker' and Miss
Margaret . Castle were the lucky win
ners at the game of euchre.
The house was artistically decorated
with the rainbow colors and many
beautiful flowers. Many smart frocks
were worn.
The pleasures of the afternoon were
added to by Miss Blanche Taber, who
After thc4eeture the subject of dis
ease was dissipated in the dulcet tones
of Liszt's "Twelfth Hungarian Rhap-
The California Club had a vitally in
teresting session on Tuesday last, when
Dr. William Watt Kerr talked to the
ladies upon "The Need of State Tuber
cular Sanitaria." As the subject of in
fection of tuberculosis is no longer de
batable, the subject bears a personal
relation to every one. /
As to the presence for the first time
of men and women together on the
floor of a convention, it was an inter
esting fact — a fact that throttles a
time-honored belief — that it was the
men — the men, remember — who did
most of the talking. And if I thought
the men wouldn't hear it, 1 would
venture the opinion that only a few of
them talked to the point under dis
cussion, not to mention that some of
them said some rather stupid things —
almost as bad as we women could
have done. But at any rate they
possessed the virtue of being in
earnest — that's something.
ifornia Historical Society. State Sen
ator Hahn, Mrs. Lillian Ferguson, S.
Ellery. commissioner of highways, and
ever so many other patriots. Why
smile? I reiterate "patriots." Those
delegates — every one of them — went
to Santa Barbara at the expense of
his own pocket, and furthermore, paid
his own hotel bills when he left.
Now, does'nt it mean something
that portends for good In these days
of materialism, when busy men and
women — the unbusy ones wouldn't
trouble themselves — take three days
of their o'erfull week to take up a
work of public utility — and without
the allurements of mileage, either.
Now. fellow clubwomen, this work
was begun by a woman. Miss Anna B.
Pitcher (who, by the way, was elected
an honorary life member of the asso
ciation). It was agitated by a woman,
Mrs. Caroline Rickey Olney (who was
elected secretary of the executive
committee), and it is fostered by the
federation and by many Individual
clubs. Now, friends, let us as good
clubwomen and consistent Califor
nians, put our forces together and
work for the success of the great
communal enterprise.
Individual membership can be ob
tained for in the Camino Real State
Association, but it is urged that cen
tral bodies in different communities
be formed, which will obtain -member
ship in. the State body at a pro rata
tax. the rate to be determined by the
executive committee at an early Sate.
Clubwomen, get busy now and help
along the work begun by a clever wo
man — and so materially assisted by
clever men.
LOS ANGELES MAN "WHO IS PRES
IDENT OF THE CAM1XO REAL.
ASSOCIATION.
A pretty wedding took place Tuesday,
April 12. when Miss Nellie McDermott
and George J. Lampton were united in
wedlock, the Rev. Father Ramm of
ficiating. The happy couple departed
Immediately after the reception. Thqy
went to .Mountain View, Santa Clara
County, where /they will' make their
home. .
. The wedding of Miss Miriam" Living
ston and J. S. Hermann will take place
Sunday, May 8. • '>
The ceremony was performed by the
Rev. Father Clancy of the Dominican
Church. at the residence of the bride on
Washington street. The home was
made glad with gay spring blossoms
and graceful ferns, and the vows were
plighted beneath a floral bower.
The bride was charming In her bridal
gown of. white mousseline de soie, while
her sister, who served as bridesmaid,
wore a smart frock of white etamine.
After a reception the young people
left for the. south to remain two weeks.
On their return they will make their
borne In San Jose. ¦
An attractive wedding took place on
Saturday afternoon, when Miss Kate
Sexton, daughter of the well-known in
surance^ manager, William Sexton, be
came the bride of Will Wilson Gray
of San Jose.
On Sunday, April 17, Miss Florence
Leonie Mulligan and Charles Ralph
Forge were, united in marriage at the
beautiful home of the bride's brother,
J. C. Mulligan, near Sunnyvale, Santa
Clara County. Rev. Joseph , Mulligan,
S. J., ; performed, the ceremony. The
wedding was witnessed only by the rel
atives of the parties. ' The bride, prior
to the past two years, resided in San
Francisco, where she has a host of
friends.' The groom Is a well-known
engineer engaged on one of the coast
steamers. The itinerary of the wed
ding trip will include a visit to the
southern part of the State.
Weddings.
In the Schwab party is Joseph
Schwab, father of the steel magnate:
Count Mercorder of Pittsburg, a civil
engineer, who has been employed by
Schwab for several years; J. C. Nevin.
a young mining engineer; Dr. Ward,
who long ago abandoned the practice
of medicine for the more lucrative pur
suit of a broker; Dr. S. A. Brown of
New York, surgeon of the party; John
McKane, superintendent of the Tono
pah properties and a life-long friend of
the magnate, and several ladies, includ
ing Mrs. Charles M. Schwab and Mrs.
Ward, who have been In this city for a
week awaiting the arrival from Ne
vada of the men of. the party.
Regarding these mining properties
Dr. Ward ¦ said yesterday that Mr.
Schwab was well satisfied with his in
vestments, especially with the Tono
pah Extension; and was confident that
all the mines would prove dividend
payers.
"We made a trip over a part of the
Tonopah Railroad," which is now in
course of construction," said Dr. .Ward,
"and we viewed this enterprise in the
light of a splendid undertaking, that
will greatly benefit Tonopali in its pres
ent isolated position. It is a country
in which a railroad is needed, , a fact
that was readily appreciated by those
who control the Tonopah Mining Com
pany and the new railroad line."
Dr. Ward denied that Mr. Schwab is
interested in the newly incorporated
Pacinc Steel Company of San Diego,
and added that aside from his desire to
look over his Nevada properties his
trip to this State is merely for pleasure.
The magnate has invested a large
sum in the Tonopah camp, and with
Robert C. C. Hall and W. F. Corey
of the United States Steel Corpora
tion, Dr. Ward, Richard Brown and
others he has incorporated several
companies, among them the Tono"pah
Extension, Golden Anchor, Bob Tail,
Menvur Group and Red Rock, upon
which it is purposed to expend a great
deal of money in development.
LIKES INVESTMENTS.
MAGNATE SEES CITY.
Mr. Schwab spent the greater part of
yesterday viewing the sights of San
Francisco. He returned to his tempor
ary abode at the St. Francis. Hotel well
pleased with his day's outing.
"You have a beautiful city and a
magnificent park," he remarked,,, "and
there Is evidence on all sides that
quickly Impresses a visitor with the
fact that a bright future' is in - store
for the metropolis of the West. But—"
and Mr. Sshwab spoke rather hesitat
ingly — "your streets- are not-' the best
that I have seen during my travels."
¦ "Mr. Schwab is of course judging
your thoroughfares from an automo
bilist's point of view," Interposed -Dr.
R..M. Ward, brother-in-law of.* the
millionaire, who generally speaks for
his relative. ¦ "The streets can indeed
be improved, but aside from this bad
feature we are all generally pleased
with our visit, and none more so than
Mr. Schwab."
This is Millionaire Schwab's first
visit to San Francisco, but it is prob
able that the* city will soon see him
again, for he has valuable interests
at Tonopah which are likely to bring
him to the West frequently, and he
expects to come as far as San Fran
cisco on these occasions.
Charles M. . Schwab, the Pittsburg
steer magnate, has shown that there is
a strong touch of human affection : in
his makeup. Though he Is in Califor
nia for pleasure, withj^an elaborate pro
gramme of sight-seeing, he is so deep
ly grieved over the serious illness of. a
favorite valet that . a pall has fallen
over his*days and his nights are full of
anxiety. But for the great inconve
nience \t would cause to others of his
party there is little doubt that he woul^
abandon .his pleasure tour during the
illness of his faithful attendant.
Shortly after arriving at Reno Mr.
Schwab's valet, Charles' Lee, a man
who had been with the millionaire for
nearly ten years, was suddenly strick
en down and had to be left behind while
the party went into the Tonopah camp.
On returning 1 the valet's condition was
found to be very serious, and his em
ployer ordered that he be hurried to
this city for proper medical treatment.
Arriving here with the party Saturday
night, the unfortunate man was'imme
diately sent to the Adler Sanatorium,
where an operation was performed yes
terday with unsatisfactory results.. In
fact, Lee's life is now ebbing, a piece
of news that was conveyed: to Mr.
Schwab yesterday and caused him no
small amount of anxiety. He is very
fond of his servant and has given or
ders that every effort be exerted to
save his life. It was anxiety that
prompted the millionaire to delay a trip
into the Yosemite Valley, on which he
was to have started to-day. It is the
intention of the party to spend several
days in the valley and then return to
this city, where the travelers will em
bark on their homeward journey.
i The engagement reception of Miss
Eva Abrams and Jack Jacobs will be
held Sunday, May 1, at 38 Grove street,
from*2 to 6.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Getr will be pleased
to receive their friends at the reception
to be given in honor of the engage
ment of their daughter Sylvia to Philip
Gordon Sunday afternoon. May 1, from
2 to 5 o'clock at the Dartmouth Hotel,
865 Post, street.
Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Stern of 1236
Golden- Gate avenue announce: the en
gagement of their daughter Sophia to
Adolph Schwartz of this city.
Engagements.
Millionaire and His Party
Preparing to Make a Trip
Into the Yosemite Valley
invaluable Results
Promised by Or
ganization.
ing the stain of sectionalism forever
from our Stale and Teharhapi from the
map as a division line between bellig
erents": Miss Eliza D. Keith, chairman
of the landmarks committee of th<? Na
tive Daughters of the Golden West and
representing the Daughters of the Cali
fornia Fioner-n?. who also tnade a pa
triotic appeal for the preservation of
all thing? that stand for State history:
Charles F. Lummis of "Out West."
whose extraordinary personality makes
him interesting even to beholders, and
t* ho sent forth some Emersonian
dogmas in support of sentiment, which,
o? course, figures largely in the matter
of Camin^ Real. It was he. by the
way, on the basis of scholarship, who
besought the convention to eliminate,
the "Ei" from the title of the new as-
FocJation. As some of us tenderfeet. to
whom Spanish is a variable quantity,
insist upon saj-ing ''the EI Camino
Ueal," the lion's motion to lose the
"El" 'was perfectly sane and defensible.
Other speakers who saw in the
proposed work a great grain to the
State were Isadore Dockwe.iler of Los
Angel***, Mrs. A. P. C. Forbes, chair
man of the landmarks committee of
the Federation of Women'** Club?,
Speaker Carter of the Assembly. A. S.
Bacon, president of the Southern Cal-
Among the notables who said things
worth quoting were Mrs. E. O. Smith
of the San Jose Woman's Club. Sena
tor Joseph R. Knowland of Alameda,
who announced "that the State asso
ciation would prove the means of wip-
As to the exact methods of getting at
these issues the work has been in
trusted to the committee on permanent
organization. A. P. Fleming of Los An
peles chairman, whose duty It will be
to hear the recommendations of a sub
committee of three as to methods of
procedure, and to preside as ar exec
utive body. It is needless to say that
the members of this committee of
eighteen hold the future success or
failure — yet nothing can fall steered by
<1eterm 'nation and enthusiasm — of this
biggest commurmal entei prise yet un
dertaken in California, embracing as It
does thp welfare of the north, the
south and the great center of our
h-tatc.
Whatever misgivings were enter
tained by the delegates from the north,
from the central coast counties and
from the south were dissipated during
the first greetings from the chair,
which was occupied temporarily by A.
P. Fleming of Los Angeles, and in the
meeting of delegates on the floor. Be
lieve me when 1 say that the love feast
of a revivalist camp-meeting were
lame in comparison to the interchange
of geographical compliments. That the
compliments must have been geograph
ical rather than personal is simply a
deduction from the fact that our ac
.Quaintanee of a few hours hardly war
ranted the protestations of undying
friendship that prevailed everywhere.
But here's to it! Long may this friend
ship live, and may it survive in the
Internal workings of the State associa
tion born of naid love. With the clever
and tactful president. A. P. Fleming, at
the helm, a successful campaign for
pood roads— and the Camino Real In
particular — seems assured.
The definite results of the delibera
tions in the old mission town were an
agreement as to the practicability and
utility of the proposed rehabilitation of
the Camino Real, proof of the absolute
necessity of good roads to rural busi
ness nz pleasure, and of the desirabil
ity of keeping to the present roadways
as far as possible — for in the main they
are remnants of the famous old high
way—and a resolution to petition the
Legislature for a new road law, or an
.amendment of the existing one, where
by all the roads in contemplation of
¦Improvement shall become uniform in
construction.
The first convention of men and
vomen ever assembled in California to
transact "public business has passed
Into history, and the Canaino Ueal State
Association is the result of that co
operation.
• The convention at Santa Barbara, the
deliberations of which ended on Thurs
day, was unique in more than one par
ticular. There was not only a leveling
of the sex question, but a leveling of
the sectional question. And herein lies
one of the most potential results of that
convention by the sea.
BY LAURA BIUDB POWERS.
Now has the Board of Education
gone into the work of "compelling edu
cation" in right good earnest, and the
clubwomen, likewise all women and all
humanitarians, applaud the energetic
efforts of the leaders of the two arms
of our educational service. On with the
good work! Likewise that of cleansing
the schools and rendering them more
sanitary. Also the medical examina
tion of pupils. All these innovations
arc in the int'.-rests of physical perfec
tion, which, we all concede, must go
hand in hard with mental and moral
development
President Roncovierl and Superin
tendent Langdon, our congratulations!
Long have the n^cmbers of the social
science section of the California Club;
likewise the settlement workers and
others of us whose business lies partly
beyond our own doorsteps, known that
hundreds of little tykes, boys and girls
alike, were being deprived of the birth
right vouchsafed to them by the State
of a public school education. Some of
them have been deprived of it through
economic conditions — and for shame!
For shame that children, brought into
the world unsolicited, should be turned
adrift in their babyhood years to pro
vide bread for their puny bodies— and
for the bodies of brothers and sisters
whom an unreasoning nature thrusts
forth without reason or necessity! We
have all known this ever since we
learned to think. We also know that
many children are not availing them
selves of schoolwork because of the
apathy or disability of parents. In the
Latin quarter this is largely true.
The subject under discussion at the
April social of the Pacific Coast
Women's Press Association at Century
Hall, this afternoon, will be the pro
jected magazine. Music will be fur
nished by Mrs. Lawrence of Trinity
choir. Mrs. C. O. Southard will relate
some experiences of a magazine edi
tor. Miss Ruth Comfort .Mitchell will
contribute a story; Miss Coolbrith and
Mrs. Grace Hibbard, magazine verss,
and Miss Gail Laughlin an informal
talk. Then will come a free discussion
on the subject of the magazine. Rep
resentatives of the press and all inter
eEted in magazine work are invited to
be present.
The Sorosis Club has also arranged
to breakfast together. On" Monday
next, at the St. Francis, a distinguished
array of Sorosis ladies will tell a few
good stories and propose a few clever
toasts while they dispose of Mr. Pol
lock's delicacies. . .
Now, these annual breakfasts are
notable feasts — not only of edibles, but
of thinkables and laughables as well.
On Wednesday the Forum Club will
elect its officers, but nothing interest
ing: will occur, as there is no opposition
ticket. That's distinctly dull, ladies!
On Saturday, the 30th, the annual
club breakfast will be given at its club
rooms.
The Chonian Club of Alameda is en
tering upon an active career, with a
woman-who-does-things at its head,
Mrs. Hattie Chapman. She is, a "po
litical equality" leader, but it is not be
lieved that she will interject her per
sonal views uninvited by her club, as
she holds a reputation for exquisite
tact.
Mrs. Joseph R. Knowland has been
appointed leader of the landmarks
and history section of the club, and
from her intimate knowledge of and
sympathy with the - work the section
should make itself heard in clubdom.
The Daughters of the California
Pioneers held their regular monthly
meeting on Monday last, Mrs. Sydney
Smith Palmer in the chair. The follow
ing programme was rendered in good
style, the first and second numbers be
ing rare treats in clubdom:
Piano solo, Mrs. S. P. Blumenberg;
reading, Mrs. W. P. Buckingham; ad
dress, Mrs. J. G. Lemon; vocal solo,
Miss Elena Roeckel, accompanied by
Prof. Roeckel. The programme was
arranged by Mrs. H. B.Tricou.
sody," Miss Kathryn Madden interpret
ing it. The Indefatigable fun-maker—
and Incidental will-adjuster— William
Hynes, made some clever remarks.
And he stayed to tea. He was a hero,
was Mr. Hynes.
¦Were ever the festive gownmakers
happier than now? . For passing: nup
tials, for trips abroad or the hegira into
the .country or the farewell dances of
the fun-loving clubs— all this means
much to the gown builder.
' Iflever before more people were pre
paring to wander, abroad thus early in
the season it has. not fallen to me to
know it. And thus it is that formal
festivities are seriously on the wane.
And nobody's seemingly sad over the
defection. • \
— . . »
MAX SUBMITS TO KNIFE
Steel Magnate Shows Deep
Sympathy for His Faith
ful Personal Attendant
SCHWAB'S VALET
CLOSE TO DEATH
Affairs for Brides
and Wanderers
in-Plenty;
The Oak Leaf Club will close the
dancing season by holding its first mas
querade ball on Wednesday evening,
April 27. The affair will take place in
Mission Parlor "Hall on Seventeenth
street, above Valencia. Not alone the
committee but all the members are
working energetically to make the af
fair a success."
Thursday evening, April 2S, the Nea
politan Mandolin and Guitar Club will
give a concert at Association Auditor
ium, corner Mason and Ellis streets.
The affair is under the direction of the
Misses Theresa. and Lily Sherwood.
Thirty-two of the pupils of Selena Co
han Lewis' School of Elocution and
Oratory will . participate in § the dra
matic recital at Steinway Hall to-night.
The programme is original, the four
plays having been ' written by Mrs.
Lewis. Little Cecil Cowles, the won
derful child pianist, will preside at the
piano as accompanist and soloist.
The Beehive Circle will give an enter
tainment in Native Sons* Hall Friday
evening, May 6, for the benefit of the
Infant- Shelter. The programme will in
clude numbers by the Olympic Club; a
drama, "The Other Woman," and a
farce, "The Mousetrap," by the Paul
Gerson School of Acting, and vocal se
lections by Madame de Seminario, Dan
Lawrence and other musical celebrities.
The officers of the First Infantry Reg
iment, N. G. C, will celebrate the sixth
anniversary of their call to arms
Wednesday evening, April 27, at head
quarters, 21 Page street. Dancing at 9
o'clock. Military In uniform.
of the season was given Friday night
by the Vlardeaux Symphonic Cercle at
the Hotel Strathmore, 207 Larkln street.
Miss Beatrice Maltman, musical directs
or of the organization, had arranged
an attractive ! programme, and each
number was enthusiastically applaud
ed. Every number showed careful prep
aration, and Miss Ray Qulgley easily
carried off the -honors of the evening
by her rendition of the slumber song,
by. Mattel. The young lady has a most
charming personality and ' her voice
gives promise of great development.
Miss Maud FranciaV contralto voice
was heard to advantage In the Spanish
gypsy song. The singing of the chorus
was marked -by smoothness, harmony
and balance. - Following . is the pro
gramme: Chorus, "Praise of Spring" (C.
Reinecke); piano solo, Miss Gertrude
Neal; vocal. solo, "Slumber Song" (Tito
Mattel), Miss Ray Qulgley; chorus
"Philomel,, (Damrosch); contralto
solo, "Spanish Gypsy" (Watson), Miss
Maud Francis: .chorus, "Hark. Hark,
the Lark" (Schubert); vocal solo, "Be
cause I Love You Dear" (Hawley), Miss
Myrtle Buckman; vocal duet, "Tuscan
Folk Song" (Caracdolo). Misses Ray
Qulgley and Beatrice Maltman: chorus,
"Gypsy-Life" (Balfe). The Viardeaux
Symphonie Cercle Is composed of Misses
Ray Quigley, Florence de Haven, Leah
Best, Alice Mathews, May Balrfleld,
Maud Stevens, Fannie Walters, Leone
Bowen, Maud Francis and Mainette
Maltman.
Men on Record for
Doing Most of
Talking.
CAMINO REAL CONVENTION AT SANTA BARBARA SETS AT REST SEX AND SECTIONAL QUESTIONS.
MERRY MILLINER AND THE REDOUBTABLE GOWN-BUILDER ARE BUSILY PREPARING TROUSSEAUX
Clubs Are Winding
Festivities of
Winter.
• • •
rendered a piano solo: Miss Juliet
Greninger, ,who sang charmingly, and
Miss Gladys Tuttle, who also rendered
a piano solo. ¦
On Saturday evening. April 18, H. P.
Jacobsen gave a reception .to the de
partmental employes of the Pacific
Steel and Wire Company, in honor of
their annual reunion.
Of the many features of the erraintf
enjoyed by the guests were vocal solos
by the talented Misses Apted and Wil
son and a very funny sketch by Messrs.
Wheaton and Varcoe, entitled "Pipe, or
Pleasant for June."
Those present were Miss E. J. Hayes,
Miss C. F. Apted, Miss G. A. Hudson,
Miss A. G. Wilson, Mrs. H. H. Hart
man. Mr, and Mrs. W. E. Varcoe. C
B. Wheaton. W. A. Rivers, B. T. Bone.
Harry Hudson, H. P. Jacobsen and
James L. Jacobsen.
A. delightful and unique first birth
day celebration was tendered Master
William Jackson Dlngee Box-bash by
his grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. S.
Basch, at their residence, 1176 Ellis
street, on Sunday, April 10. Mrs. Basch
was assisted by Mr. and Mrs. Harry
Bourke, Mrs. Feder, Mrs. Hernon. Miss
Blanche Levy, Louis Basch and Miss
Basch. There were present Master Jack
Feder. Master Stanley Kragan, Master
Carl Basch. Master Philip Kragen.
Misses Ethel and Cella Garron, Lucile
Laskl, Juliette, Hannah and Martha
Kragen, Katherine Hernon. Marie Her
non, Anette Wolf, Dorothy Bourke,
Sybil Hirsch, Darondo Brown. Doris
Goldman and Mrs. Barbash.
Hamilton Gay Howard and John C.
Gore Jr. were entertained cm board the
United States revenue cutter Thetis by
Captain O. C. Hamlet on Friday, prior
to the captain's departure for the Arc
tic Ocean via Honolulu.
Miss Lillian Dunbar was the guest
of honor at a luncheon and theater
party given her last Wednesday by the
members of La Vlolette Card Club.
Miss Dunbar leaves next week for New
York, when she will, become the bride
of William Haase. The guests assem
bled at the Jefferson Square Club rooms
where, supper was served in the red
rocnu The repast was interspersed
with toasts and stories and the present
ation of a diamond violet brooch to
the fair bride. After the luncheon the
guests attended the performance at the
Orpheum. Miss Dunbar has been en r
tertalned extensively since the an
nouncement of her engagement and sh»
has been the recipient of several linen
showers. Those attending the luncheon
were Miss Lillian Dunbar, Alvina Eis
enman. Lillian Curley, Doris Heuer,
Belle Herzer. May Laydon, Ella Ewing.
Kathryn McDonald, R. Roylance. Flor
ence Kustel. Ray Reynolds. Miss Hall.
Mrs. Otto Schiller, Mrs. Fleissner, Mrs.
Walters and Mrs. Quissier. #
A birthday party was given to Willis
Ryan April 22 at the residence of his
mother, 215 Guerrero street.
The following were the guests: Wil
lis Ryan, Ralph Gardiner, Harold Gar
diner, Jessie T>uitt, John Delahanty.
George Williams. Ray Nicholson, Frank
Gcunan. Viola Plynn. Ida Hawley, Car
rie Dallver, Irene Brooks. Ruth Sulli
van, Abbie Trede, Duna Nicholson. The
feature of the evening was the unique
dancing of Miss May Edwards.
Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Whitney (formerly
Mrs. Alice- Reynolds) received their
friends on Monday last from 3 to 9 in
their apartments at the Johnson, the oc
casion being the first anniversary of
their wedding. The rooms were beauti
fully decorated and Mr. and Mrs. Whit
ney were showered with congratula
tions. Many pretty and novel presents
were received.
Personals.
Mrs. A. Schlessinger; after an ab
sence of several months, has returned
to this city and will be pleased to see
her friends at the residence of Mrs.
Dyer, 1703 Geary street.
Mrs. Lucie Levy and Mrs. D. Ruff
will be at home Saturday, April 30, at
2441 Post street.
The reception which Mrs. Fischer of
1231 Webster street was to have held on
Sunday, May 8, has been postponed. ;
Mrs. John F. Ortman, Mrs. M. XV.
Shannon. Mrs. J. W. Shannon. Miss
May W. Shannon and Miss Marguerite
Sullivan left Saturday, April 16. for a
month's visit at Skaggs Hot Springs.
Miss Stella Shirek has returned home
from a tour of the East.
The following are guests at Skaggs
Hot Springs, Sonoma County:
From San Francisco— Fred C. Peter»,
H. W. Griswold. Mr. and Mrs. H. Win
ters, J. L. Haswell. A. S. Barthold. Mr.
and Mrs. E. Madden, John -R. Frank,
Captain Fred A. Kuhls. Miss Gertrude
Stone, Mrs. Charles Rimes, Mrs. AX.
Shannon, Miss, May W. Shannon, Mr*.
J. W. Shannon, William Gam. Mis<*
Cora B. Johnson, W. S. Townsend, W.
McKay.
From Haverhill. Mass.— Mr. and Mrs.
C. F. Morse.
From Oakland— Mr. and Mrs. R. W.
Cooper.
From Healdsburg— Harry E. Emer
son, Mrs. Frank Hazen, Mrs. J. S. Lat-
Imer, Walter Block, Lucas M. Jones.
FronvSanta Rosa— W. XV. Skaggs, M.
McDonough.
From San Rafael — Mr. and Mrs. M.
T. Freltas and children.
THE ' SAN. FRANCISCO M6NDAY, APRIL r 25, 190^1
5
Beauty Doctors Endorse Kerpldde.
Women who make a business of beau*
tlfying other women come pretty neaf
knowing what will brinsr about the be3t
results. Here are letters from two. con-
cerning Herplclde:
. "I can recommend Xewbro s •Herpl-
clde,' as it stopped my balr from falling
out. and as a dressing it has no supe-
rior.
"(Signed.) Bertha A. Trullinger.
"Complexion . Specialist,
"23% Morrison St.. Portland. Ore."
"After using one bottle of 'Herpicid>'
my hair has stopped falling out and my
scalp Is entirely free from dandruff.
"(Signed.) Grace Dodge.
"Beauty Doctor.
"195 Sixth St., Portland. Ore."
Sold by, leading druggists. Send 10c In
stamps for sample to The Herplcide Co.,
Detroit. Mich. ., ...
C*l A QTfl R I iV
yMw I vnlM
Pox Infants and Children,
The Kind You Hare Always Boagh!
Signature of (&Z&ZKZ&&&.
COMPETENT JUDGES.
new ADVEBTiszaaarrjLSpecial information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping: Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cai
.fornla street. Telephone Mala lftiJ. •
: An Indian maiden uearRedding has been arrested, for
raising a postal money order. That is one of the few
things that cannot be successfully raised in California,'
.and -she would better stick to raising something good to
eat. ' -- • . , ; : ; - ¦ . ; ¦ ¦ o./- V v V .;-'. •' .'. '.'; \ -,
Townsend s California Glace fruits and
choice candies. In artistic fire-etched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends.
715 Markot street, above Call building •
It is reported that an American has been murdered in
Persia through religious fanaticism, and that the author
ities have refused to give up the culprit ¦because he is 1 a
privileged descendant of, the Prophet. If the report
be true, that son of a prophet Yvvill probably be put on. the
Persian carpet and given a chance to explain some of
Jbis sacred privileges". 'i ."¦'-•.
The Master of the Supreme Court of; London has just
issued a book, in which he says that crime is contagious
and «becomes epidemic at stated intervals. Living >; near
a penitentiary would seem rather, unsafe .according to
that doctrine. ¦ .
Regarding the- dairying industry, the Supervisors
contemplate enacting an ordinance prohibiting the keep
ing within certain limits of anything, with more life
than a can'of condensed milk. The ordinance makes no
mention of cheese. \
Strangers to this coast who marvel at the American
way of moving one's house from one place to another are
now to be given an example of moving a whole town!
Wadsworth, Nev., is being loaded piecemeal on flat cars
and moved to Sparks City, near Reno.
The total commerce of the territory
fronting upon and immediately adja
cent to the scene of preseht hostilities
in the Far East aggregates, in round
terms, about $600,000,000, of which con
siderably more than one-half is Im
ports. Japan's commerce is about
equally divided between Imports and
exports, but in the case of China and
Asiatic Russia Imports 'greatly exceed
exports, and this is also true of Hong
kong, which passes most of its imports
on into China and draws from China
most of the articles which become Its
exports. Probably three-fifths of the
total commerce of ' the countries in
question, taken as a whole, is in the
form of imports, and the United States
is year by year supplying a larger
share of those imports of the countries
in question and gaining upon other
countries In the relative share which
it supplies thereof. Of the exports fro.m
the Countries named the United States
is the largest single purchaser.' The
tea, the raw silk, the manufactured
silk, the rice, the mdttings and other
products of this character which form
the bulk of the exports, of China and
Japan go more largely to , the 'United
States than to any other single country
Commerce in the East.
A Rock Rapids, Iowa, husband while talking in his
sleep confessed to his wife the murder of her first hus
band. There is sometimes an advantage in* being deaf
and dumb, but even then, with a guilty conscience, one
might havs to lie on his hands to prevent being 'too
RIVER BOATS— H. C. B.. Oakland.
Cal. There are river steamers that
leave San Francisco for points on the
Sacramento River that touch at 145
landings between this city and Sacra
mento and at fifty-four points above
Sacramento. After leaving San Fran
cisco steamers that run up the San
Joaquin River touch at eighteen land
ings. For further information as to
names of such landings address the
California Transportation or Sacra
mento Transportation Company for
Sacramento River tramc, and the Cali
fornia Navigation and . Improvement
Company for the San Joaquin River
traffic. Each has ah office in San Fran-
SUCCESSION— A Subscriber. City.
If the President of the United States
and the Vice President should die the
office of President would fall to the fol
lowing named Cabinet officers in turn
as provided by the act of Congress of
1886 regarding 'the Presidential succes
sion: To the Secretary of State, Secre
tary of the Treasury, then successively
to the Secretary of War, Secretary of
the Navy, the Postmaster General, the
Secretary of the Interior and the At
torney General.
TO WHITEN HANDS— Millie, City.
To soften the skin of the hands wash
them with emollient ' soap, and to
whiten them wear overnight gloves in
which has been sprinkled dry bran. Du
not engage in any manual labor or
hous«^vork;and you will in time have
lily white hands.
MILITARY BALL— A. S.. Alameda,
Cal. At a military ball the highest of
ficer oresent should be asked to lead
the grand march, irrespective of who
has been chosen as floor manager.
Anszvers to Queries.
Pure then, Heart, be thine adorning;
Soon shall break that last fair morning.
When the night of dreamless slumber
fades away,
In the land of lasting: bloom, Stretching
far beyond the tomb.
May we hail the Perfect Day!
Sarah Adallne Ray in Boston Transcript.
it be
This is but a foretaste sweet of a state
with joy replete;
Some diviner ecstasy!
Drowsy Earth again awaking.
Every band of Morpheus breaking,
Lifts a face of radiant beauty to the light;
O'er her robe of wondrous bloom, from
the Summer's magic loom. .
How the dew-gems sparkle bright!
List! The harp of nature playing —
Myriad fingers o'er it straying —
Kills the soul with vaguest longing. May
in flame;
Lo! In lines of vivid dye, 'cross the can
vas of the sky,
Thus he sets his glorious name!
See the first warm colors gleaming!
See the gorgeous tints come streaming
From the brush the Master-painter dtps
Hear the bugles of the morning!
Hear the- music of the dawning
From the throats of feathered minstrels
while they sing!
Sable Night is losing sway, and the her
alds of the Day
Now on high their censers swing.
Dawn.
TO-DAY, in the hands of some two thousand car
men, rests the immediate peace of this municipality.
These two thousand men are to determine whether
cur city transportation facilities shall be disorganized; they
are to determine whether or not San Francisco may be
made the scene of riot and bloodshed or continue a city of
peaceful and well ordered prosperity. Upon the ballots'
of a majority of them is involved, on one side, grave
public inconvenience, serious loss to the merchants. and,
with it all, the reputation of the city. On the other side
is involved the integrity of the union and the possible
loss of a very high wage scale. 1
The carmen should make no mistake. The offer made
by the company, in view of all the circumstances, seems
fair, and there will be no popular sympathy with a strike.
Two years ago the public supported »the carmen and the
carmen won. They must not deceive themselves into
believing they could have succeeded anyhow — and they
must not mislead themselves into believing .'they can win
now without public support. If the carmen make a mis
take it may prove fatal. At the best it will, prove
disastrous. The city looks to the members of the union
to act wisely and for the common good. Let us have
no strike. , ,
THE ISSUE TO-DAY.
The society girls of Montpelier, Vt., have formed an
organization to exclude all men who talk silly. The girls
say their prime object in life is not to be amused, but
that the conversation should be more serious. Any Ver
monter that can't take that tip should pass his remaining
days in a foolish asylum for lonesome bachelors.
Probably no tree eve* cut In th*
famous California forests better illus-
trates the value of our State's timber
resources than the wonderful white
pine tree that has been placed on the
hill on which California has built her
State pavilion at the World's Fair. This
log is 144 feet long. It is forty-flve Inches
in diameter at the base and twenty-six
Inches thick at the email end. Larger
trees have been cut in California. This
one, however, is remarkable for main
taining its size throughout its entire
length. To the casual observer it ap
pears to be a solid column, no smaller
at one end than the other. The bark
has been carefully preserved. Neces
sarily the tree was cut into lengths to
admit of shipment, but these have been
so deftly joined that the entire log ap
pears to be one solid piece. It is with
out limb, knot or blemish.
Our Giant Pine.
Answer: "Place the man on his back
in a perpendicular position, resting
easy on the leg that is good, carefully
bandaging the broken leg at the break,
admitting plenty of fresh air and ring
in for the doctor's wagon."
"How would you treat a person for
gas asphyxiation?"
Answer: "Keep him in a cool place,
far away from light and fire, opening
up his clothes and rolling him over on
his stomach and tapping him gently on
the soles of the feet with your elub
while you sent for the doctor's bus; if
dead notify the morgue wagon."
A great many of the answers given
by men who enter the civil service list
for examination as to their qualifica
tions for positions on the police force
are of such a character as to cause the
examining board many a laugh. One
young. man who wrote his answers in
a fairly good hand answered thus to
the following questions:
"What would be the best treatment
for a person found with a broken leg
until such time as the service of a
physician could be procured?"
Then the Board Laughed.
I
The' events which marked the out*
break of hostilities between Japan and
Russia have drawn considerable atten
tion to the torpedo as an engine of
war. For years past we have heard
a lot about "the man behind the gun."
but the Japanese have shown us that
"the man behind the torpedo" may
now be regarded as an equally im
portant factor when it comes to a
fight. Much has be,en said both for
and against this weapon, and open
doubts have been expressed, by naval
men, too, as to its usefulness. The
Japanese have dispelled this once and
for all. The part played by the tor
pedo at Port Arthur gives additional
interest to experiments now being car
ried on with this weapon by the Brit
ish naval authorities. Already they
have resulted in some improvements
being effected. The latest fourteen
inch torpedo, which is going: to the
battleship Prince of Wales and other
new. ships, will run for 3000 yards at
a speed of thirty knots per hour. This
is a very great advance upon any
thing that has preceded it, but it does
not mark the limit of progress. Work
is now proceeding upon an improved
form of the eighteen-inch torpedo, and
it is fully anticipated that it will have
a range of 4000 yards. With this
weapon comes a revolutionary phase
in fnaval warfare, in which first place
must be given to the torpedo man. It
is difficult for any one who has not
some knowledge of the subject to re
alize what It will be for a captain of
a ship to have at his command a ma
chine that is capable of traveling a
distance of over three miles in four or
five minutes, going practically with
the speed and directness pt an arrow,
and have sufficient destructive force
to sink the biggest battleship afloat.
That is the kind of instrument the
new British tomedo is.
The Deadh Sea Dart.
"How did your mother treat your
father?" asked the court of each of the
little ones in turn.
"She was good to him," said the eld
est, a girl about 11 years of age. The
other three made exactly the same an
swer. This made Judge Graham sus
picious and he took the small witnesses,
one at a time, aside and questioned
them closely. He learned from their
baby Iids that for several days prior
to the hearing their mother had been
coaching them, filling their little minds
with lies they were to tell the Judge.
The father was given the decree of di
vorce and the custody of the children.
Little children make good witnesses
as a rule, for they are naturally truth
ful, and when placed on the witness
stand are in such fear of the court and
the strange surroundings that, even if
they are inclined to lie, they are afraid
to do so. Occasionally, however, a
child is found that, though willing to
tell the truth, has been coached so that
It is hard for the court to determine
whether the testimony is true or un
true.
Recently in Judge Graham's - court
during the hearing of a divbrce action
the four young children of the un
happy litigants were .witnesses. The lit
tle ones all told the same tale, telling
the court with remarkable glibness
how their father had abused their
mother.
Truth Will Out.
Two ex-Secretaries of the Navy,
Chandler and Tracy, have indorsed the
scheme for a general staff for the navy,
and Moody, who has hitherto been
somewhat skeptical, now also favors
the plan. The proposition appears to
be Quite, in line with conditions of th«
present time, which differ from those
prevailing twenty years ago, and ex
pert advice to the Secretary is essen
tial to a successful administration. It
has hitherto been optional with the
head of the Navy Department to call
for advice or opinions from officers, but
now it is proposed to establish such a
board by law. which is to give respon
p'Jjle advice to the Secretary on mat
ters of which he, as a non -expert, is
not familiar. The board is to be com
posed of not more than seven officers
of or above the rank of captain, to be
¦elected by the Secretary, who also is
to have the power to remove any one
Military organizations are extremely
conservative and slow to adopt ideas
and practices from the outside. As a
natural consequence development in
f.Chtinp material 5n the army and navy
J* only accomplished irttb much diffi
culty and through great and persistent
efforts by persons not affiliated with
:he service. In civil life It is recognized
t-hat specialization !n the various arts,
nciencM and professions is necessary
for a high degree cf proficiency in any
ore of these, but the navy still clings
to the tradition that a line officer knows
all about building shtps and engines,
puns, electricity and torpedoes, in ad
dition to knowing how to navigate and
light his ship. This belief is based on
the assumption that a four years'
course at the naval academy will equip
a youngster with all the requisite.
knowledge enabling him to become an
expert in any one of the various en
prineering branches he might be called
upon to take \iri at short notice. It is
true that a specialty has been made of
r.aval construction, but marine en
gineering, which up to 1S99 was a spe
cialty, is now a part of the line officer's
vade m(H?um. KITorts to broaden the
line officer in general knowledge are
likely "to spread him out too thin," as
the rhairman of the Naval Committee
remarked during the course of the
hearing regarding the personnel bill in
1SSS. The recent frequent accidents to
guns, cither by bursting, caused by
defective material or faulty design, or
premature explosions through improper
handling, would indicate the necessity
for a specially educated and trained
of ordnance officers, and the re
cently retired chief of bureau, Charles
O'Neil. strongly recommends it.
Upward of 1300 guns of all calibers
have been manufactured at the "Wash
ington gun foundry during the past
twenty years, and the results have un
til recently been highly satisfactory.
This was Probably due 'to the fact that
earlier guns were made on models of
the best ordnance in other navies and
that carefully selected material was
used. The ordnance bureau officers
were cautious and content with slow
progress in this new business, but
ready to adopt such improvements as
had been tested and found safe and
I ractica.1 by other gun manufacturers.
The officers charged with the construc
tion of guns were selected for their fit
ness for such work, and the inspection
<»f material in the shops was rigid. The
present unsatisfactory condition of our
naval ordnance is due to a variety of
causes, namely, lack of a sufficient
number of trained ordnance experts,
ambition of theorists to produce guns
1'ttter than those of other navies, su
perficial inspection of material and the
introduction of a new powder, the qual
ities of which seem to puzzle the ex
perts. Since 1S81 there have been four
« hiefs of the ordnance bureau, as fol
lows: Sicard, up to 1890; succeeded by
Folger, up to 1R93; then Sampson, up
to 1837. and finally O'Xeil, up to March
last. In the gun foundry over one hun
dred officers have been employed since
1SS4, which with a yearly force of
eleven officers gives an average of
about two years' service to each officer
at the gun foundry- At the bureau,
v.hore the designs are made for guns,
mounts, gun shields and other details
pertaining to ordnance matters, no less
than fifty officers have found a two
scars' retreat after the usual cruise at
nca or to break up the monotony of
other less congenial shore duty. At the
proving grounds and torpedo station
the same average of two years holds
pood. Of course, a number of officers
have had from four to seven years"
••rdnance duty, but only a few of these
experts are left, and there are- probably
not over twenty bona fide ordnance ex
perts from which to select a corps of
ordnance officers, of which the navy is
eadly in need.
The organization of an ordnance
corps would not alone be beneficial to
the service, but quite in consonance
with the personnel law of 1899 by which
former engineer officers, now classed
as line officers, are carried along and
promoted, without performing any sea
eervice, after reaching the grade of
commander. An ordnance corps to
perform shore duty alone would be no
departure from the present practice
of employment and promotion of offi
cers.
Xa:al Matters.
of the world, while as to Asiatic Russia
and Korea, their exports are at present
so small as to be of little importance
in a discussion of the commerce of the
countries in question. The more Im
portant of the exports of the United
States to the section in question are
cotton and , cotton goods, kerosene,
flour, lumber, manufactures of Iron and
steel, manufactures of leather and to
bacco.—Harper's "Weekly.
BY the' recent publication of the annual report of
the Boston Board of Overseers of the Poor a good
deal of interesting information is ; given on some
of the social problems of that city and incidentally the
fact is disclosed that the problem of the poor in the
United States is not so complex but what it may be vir
tually . solved if due attention be given to it in a spirit
•sympathetic but not sentimental, so that there will be
no error either on the side of indifference to the needs
of deserving people Who are in distress or "of overgen
erosity to the undeserving who habitually prey upon both
public and private chanty.
The most notable feature of the report as presented in
a summary given by the Boston Transcript is contained
in the statement: I
"While the population of Boston has increased in the
last twenty, years from 379,129 to 607,697, an increase of
228,568 persons, the number of families aided by the
Overseers has actually decreased from 4075 to 2346, a de
crease of 1729 families. In the same period the average
cost per family has increased from $1693 per family to
$2992 per family; the amount of aid given directly to
the poor in 1002 being $72)408 34 to 2420 families, while
the amount so given in 1883 was $68,98909 to 4075
families." .
These figures showing a* remarkable decrease in the
number of families receiving aid from the -city, while at
the same time there is an increase in the amount of
money granted for aid, is said to be due to the fact that
the Overseers are now giving closer attention to their
duties than formerly. The result is the city is no longer
granting money to families that do not deserve it, and as
a consequence is able to give more effective aid to those
Another interesting feature of the report is the show
ing made of the work of The Wayfarers' Lodge, an in
stitution where tramps are taken care of. The lodge is
open until midnight throughout the year and all appli
cants, for lodging arc received. In former years it was
the custom to limit the number of consecutive lodgings
to three for each man, but the rule worked badly, for
it enabled habitual tramps to solicit money for lodgings
on the ground that having been three consecutive nights
at the lodge they would not be, received there again.
Each applicant is given a bath, a bed and a breakfast, be
ing required to do two hours' work at wood sawing in
return. P3it-
Efforts are made to get work for all who desire it,
but in many cases it is clear there is no desire of that
kind on the part of the applicant for lodging. The re
port says: "We try to do something to help the appli
cant to a better life. Suggestions of places where he
can apply for work are often made and encouragement
is given to apply at the Industrial Aid Society across
the street for work. We are able to influence but a
small proportion to make any effort to help themselves/'
The solution of the tramp problem it seems will have
to be effected by something in the nature of compulsory
work or at least upon a policy of no work no food. The
Boston Overseers say: "Tramping as an evil, as a disease
of the body politic, would entirely disappear were it pos
sible to apply the work test in every city and town of
the country. Wherever it has been tried it has proved
most efficacious, but most communities consider the ex
pense of applying it too great. It would seem as if
groups of small towns could combine together and main
tain a tramp-house with a work test, sharing the ex
pense in proportion to the valuation or population of the
respective towns. In this way the expense would not
bear too hard on any one town."
The course of prices in the San Francisco market, as
in the East, is toward a lower plane of values. During
the past week lower quotations were established for
wheat, barley, prunes, hams, bacon, lard, hay and a num
ber of minor products. Some feedstuffs were scarce and
liighei. The general trade of the port was active, and
continued rains, particularly / in the south, .further im
proved the crop prospects, which are now fine. There is
nothing wrong with trade in California thus far..*
The exhibit of exports and imports during March is
not as unfavorable as one might expect from the gen
eral tendency of business toward quieter times. The
March statement of imports and exports of merchandise
showed a balance in favor of the United States of $28,
511,235, or about $7,000,000 less than for the same month
in 003, and a falling off as compared with the preceding
month of about $1,500,000. The balance of trade in our
favor for the nine months ended March 31 amounts to
$422,297,000, being $85,213,000 more than in the same
period in 1003 and $20,000,000 in excess of the correspond
ing period in 1902. The total for the nine months is the
largest since 1901, when exports for the same period ex
ceeded imports by $540,241,953. The point in this state
ment is that while our foreign trade for a period of al
most a year shows a gain there has been a marked falling
off this spring.
Reports from New York show a quiet and low money
market, with abundance of funds and a dull and listless
stock market. A favorable feature is that the exports
of gold from New York to Europe are more. than offset
by imports of gold from Japan at San Francisco. Another
encouraging feature is that the Bank of England has
again reduced its rate of discount to 3 per cent, the sec
ond reduction thus far this month, indicating that money
is easy in England.* With plenty of money in London
and New York the commercial situation may.be consid
ered safe, even though the. demand for merchandise
shows a decrease. «'.-¦¦ .
THERE was little change in trade conditions ;last
week, but the general tendency was toward in
creasing stocks of merchandise and slowly declin
ing prices. Bad weather was reported from all over the
country, the temperature being low and the ground sur
charged with moisture. The weather feature was the
most serious, as it continued to retard even, the regular
trade. The cold checked the distributive demand for
spring goods and the growth of wheat and other vegeta
tion and the excessive moisture prevented the farmers
in many parts of the country from working in their fields.
All these circumstances combine to cut down the volume
of trade.
There is another factor diminishing the volume . of
trade and that 'is the approach of the Presidential elec
tion. Presidential years are always quieter than others.
As the year advances we may look for an increase rather
than a decrease in this retarding influence, so the pros
pects for an active year in trade are not bright. Political
transitions are so apt. to produce such wide changes in
the financial, tariff and industrial conditions of the
nation that large interests are not disposed to operate
while great issues are pending.
As already mentioned, stocks of many commodities
are increasing without a corresponding demand, and this
tends to depreciate quotations. A significant movement
in this direction is the threatened closing down of the
silk factories in New Jersey and Pennsylvania owing to
lack of orders for" fall delivery. The manufacturers are
considering a proposition to close down the mills from
May until September unless. ..business improves. There
are not orders enough on hand to keep the mills going
after the middle of May. and what is significant, the de
mand for the high-priced fabrics is disappearing. About
a year ago attention was called to the heavy demand for
expensive fabrics, as showing the great prosperity of the
country, and a shifting of the demand to goods of cheaper
quality and a falling off in the inquiry for even these is
significant as showing which way the current of domestic
expenditures is running. Economy is now being prac
ticed by women even in the matter of dress.
The other staples show similar conditions. Stocks of
provisions continue large and the movement seems to
be slowly falling off. Iron and steel, while not materially
quieter, are certainly no more active than for the past
few weeks. During the early part of the month the
movement showed some signs of expansion, but it proved
merely temporary, and after a week or two ceased. The
industry seems to be on a sound basis, however, though
few orders for delivery after July I are being received.
A few j'ears ago orders for delivery a year in advance
were common and no order could be filled within less
than six months. This, like the decreased demand for
fine silk fabrics, is significant. Raw wool is reported
quieter, with the manufacturers buying slowly and
cautiously.
Hides and leather are quiet and lacking in snap in most
markets, while reports from the New England shoe fac
tories do not indicate any rush in this industry. . The
tendency in the important 'farm staples, such as wheat,
corn, etc., is rather toward lower prices. The prospects
for wheat are not as bright as they were some weeks
ago, the cold, wet weather having retarded the growth of
winter wheat, and copious rains and muddy fields are
interfering more or less with plowing and seeding for
spring wheat in different parts of the Northwest. The
demand for both wheat and flour continues poor. Ex
porters who have lately cabled offerings to the continent
have received the curt answer that Europe does not want
American wheat. 'This is affirmed by the showing of the
current exports, which were 1.645,400 bushels last week,
against 3,885.000 during the corresponding week last year,
and by the statement of a large Minneapolis miller a few
days ago that it seemed impossible to sell flour anywhere
on earth.
Railroad earnings also reflect the tendency of the
times. The Western roads are reporting .a decreased
movement in freight, and though passenger traffic con
tinues heavy the earnings of all roads thus far in April
arc 4.5 per cent below those for the corresponding period
in 1903. The feature of the bankclearings last week was
the decrease in all the important cities, pnly two — New
Orleans and Cleveland — exhibiting a gain over last year.
The loss at New York was 13.3 percent, at Chicago 29.4
per cent and at Pittsburg 24.4 per cent, these three cities
being the centers respectively of financial and stocK
operations, grain and provision speculation and iron arid
steel' production. The failures record, however, made a
good showing, numbering 241, against 266 last year.
BOSTON'S PUBLIC CHARITY.
In the German navy the retired pay
of officers is graded according to the
length of service of . the beneficiary,
and starting with 25 per cent of the
full pay after ten years entry In the
service terminates with 75 per cent of
full pay at the end of forty years' ser
vice. Special retired pay is allowed to
grades above commodores. The latter's
full pay is 9354 marks, or about $2340
a year; captains -receive $1750; com
manders, $1340; lieutenant command
ers. $1040; lieutenants, $640, and junior
lieutenants, $487. It is "evident" from
this low rate of pay, as compared with
that in the British and American
navies, that salary offers no induce
ment to become an officer in the Ger
man navy, and that such positions
are only for the nobility and other
persons who have sufficient means of
support without counting upon that
received for serving the country. Petty
officers of the first class in the United
States navy receive from $432 to' $780
a year pay, averaging more than a
Junior, lieutenant In the German navy,
while a captain's sea pay in our navy
is nearly four times that : received in
that grade of the German fleet.
The French protected cruiser Cas
sard,'while on her twenty- four hours'
trial trip off Toulon last month ran on
the rocks, damaging her bottom, carry
ing away bilge keels and twisting two
of her propeller blades. The vessel got
off, however, without assistance and
steamed to the dockyard, where the
requisite repairs will detain her at least
two months. ';- •
The British cruiser Flora, which ran
on the rocks in British Columbia wat
ers last December and was saved with
some difficulty., has been repaired and
left Esquimau April ready for future
service. The dockyard authorities con
cede that but for the fact that the
cruiser's bottom was wood sheathed,
the vessel would have become a total
loss.
The old Belleisle, a coast-defense
ship of 4870 tons, purchased from Tur
key in 1878, is another vessel to be sold.
The only service rendered by the
Belleisle has been that of a target foi
gunnery and torpedo practice during
the »ast three years, and the hull is
now so thoroughly battered as to be of
no further use except to go on the iron
scrap pile. The two-decked screw ships
of the line, Edgar and Hannibal, of 91
guns, built in 1S58 and 1S54, are relics
of the past and have been utilized for
forty years as depot ships and hulks.
The sloops Daphne, Icarus and Swal
low, built in 1856-S, have likewise out
lived their usefulness, and eight gun
boats. Including Plassy and Assaye,
twin-screw torpedo gunboats, completes
the list of vessels to be sold.
Fifteen obsolete vessels are to be sold
out of the British navy, as no longer
serviceable for any purpose. The most
noteworthy of this lot is the Duke of
Wellington, a 131-gun screw line-of
battleship built at Portsmouth in 1852.
She is the sole remainder of the six
three deckers of that period, and of the
thirty-two-deckers, only one — the Vic
tor Emmanuel — still exists, serving as
guardship at Hongkong. The Duke of
Wellington had auxiliary screw engines
of 7S0 horsepower," giving the ship a
speed of 10.15 knots under favorable
conditions, and her complete cost, ex
clusive of armament, was JS5S.675. It
required the oak timber of twenty-six
acres and the labor of 334 shipwrights
for one year to build this ship. Her
complement was about 1100 men and
her annual expense of maintenance was
estimated at SU6.000. The enormous
draught of these three-deckers— 35 to
26 feet — made them unsuited for general
work, and the only service rendered
by the Duke of Wellington was as flag
ship of Admiral Napier In the expe
dition against Bomarsund in 1654, In the
destruction of which, however, the flag
ship took no part. After Its return to
England the use of the Duke of Wel
lington has been limited to that of
guardship at Portsmouth, accommo
dating officers for the fleet and dock
yard reserves and other miscellaneous
purposes.
The five torpedo-boat destroyers, De
catur, Bainbridge, Barry, Chauncey
and Dale, which left Hampton Roads
December 13 last year for the Philip
pines, arrived at Cavfte April 15, thus
completing the trip of 18,000 miles in 123
days. It was estimated that the voy
age of 15,000 miles would take 151 days,
but weather and sea favored the flo
tilla and no stops were made except to
take in coal and other supplies. The
boats proved seaworthy, no accidents
happened to their machinery and the
vessels from all accounts will need but
slight overhauling and docking to fit
them for duty. The average speed, de
ducting the time in port, has been
about ten knots. The longest run was
from San Juan to the Canary Islands,
a distance of 2S73 miles, which was
made in twelve days on an average
daily coal consumption of eighteen
tons. The successful termination of
this long voyage well within the esti
mated time is creditable to the design
ers, builders and navigators, for while
they are not baby ' vessels — having a
full load displacement of 625 tons with
230 tons of coal aboard— their frail con
struction as compared with ordinary
vessels of the same size has been com
mented upon as verging upon the lim
its of safety. That they have devel
oped no weakness goes to prove that
the science of modern construction is
all that is claimed for it and that good
material properly put together will give
better results than the ship and engine
constructions of twenty years ago.
of its members. In order to prevent a
life tenure of any members of the staff
pone are to remain longer than three
cr four years on such duty, and are not
to be eligible for reappolntment until
after the lapse of another four years.
The scheme looks practical and in the
interest of the welfare of the navy; the
board will exercise no authority, and
as it will assume the duties of the Bu
reau of Navigation in so far as relates
to the assignment of officers the plan
will probably be more acceptable than
the present system. Senator Hale is
said to be opposed to the naval staff
scheme and if it does become a law it
will be in such a form as to deprive it
of any Insidious attempt to usurp the
functions of the Secretary of the Navy.
A certain Judge who possesses a de
gree from a leading university dropped
in one day at a new thirst resort, partly
for the purpose of getting a drink and
incidentally to see >the decorations, of
the place. ; When the Judge entered one
of the barkeepers was discoursing to
a customer upon the beauty of a stain
ed glass window.
"Dat window," he said, "is de hand
somest one in any Joint . in> town. I
don't know what dat Eye-talian on it
means. Wish't I did."
"That motto," said the Judge oblig
ingly, "is 'Dum vivimus vivamus.V and
means. "While we live, let us live.' "
"Say," replied the barkeeper, "ain't
dat great! I'm mighty glad to know
what dat spiel stands for."
The next day, the Judge being in the
same neighborhood,' again entered the
resort to* get some refreshment, when
the barkeeper cheerily greeted him:
"Good mornin' Professor. Glad to see
you. Say, Til give youse some good
whisky dis time."
The Reward of Learning.
BUSINESS IS QUIETER.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,* MONDAY, t APRIL > 25/ 1904)
THE : ':SM-PRMCIS0&^G^L
JOHN D. SPKECKELS, Proprietor . . . . . ? . . > . Address AH Commanications to JOHN HcNAUGHT> Manager
Publication Offlco ?....-.?.? <1^^^^ > • Third and Market Streets, S. P.
MONDAY.. v...... ..................APRIL 25, 1904
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
6BILL RAISERS WANTED.— The police, arc
searching . for ' two men 'who 1 are -passing
ralsedbills on saloon-keepers.- The bills are
of th" $1 denomination, but the "%W. cut
from a Confederate bill Isr pasted over the
VI. V." making- it appear as If It were a $10
note.-. : .: ' . " "" : : .::.:-¦ : '. - •:: . :" ¦;: -. '
: CHARGED :- WITH GRAND LARCENY.—
Olaf .'Hanson," a ! Bailor. ;.waa observed ' by Po
liceman C. B. Harris going through' the poefketa
of a drunken . man - at " California and • Battery
streets ¦ early ', yesterday,: morning. - Hanson- ran
away, .but was chased and captured by Harris.
He was taken back to where the drunken man
lay. and when < searched a watch and chain,
purse and pipe were found In his pockets, which
were later identified by /William. O'Keefe.- the
sailor victim, as his property. ' Hanson was
j booked at the - City Prison on - charge > of
1 grand ' larceny, and O'Keefe ' was booked for
I belnz 5 drunk, ,. ¦¦ :
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
TOR THE SUMMER..
CA"DI« «nb«cribera ¦ . contemplating 1 a
chantre . of ' residence • durlnsr the summer
months can have their paver forwarded
by mail to their new addresi by notlX/
tnir THE CALL . Buslneia Office.; This
paper will also.be on iale at all summer
resorts and is represented -' by a local
ajrent'in all towns on tae coast.
....:. ¦ m ¦ -
Masons and A. P. A.'a His Enemies.
Thomas McCue, a tailor residing at
643 Ellis street, became suddenly im
pressed with the idea that all Masons
and members of the A. P. A. society
are his born enemies, so he started
out on last Saturday afternoon in. the
vicinity of Eddy and Lrfirkin streets
to exterminate them. That no inno
cent man should escape i he ' com
menced; on the first person he met and
was about to carry out* his intentions
when he ran foul of Police Officer M.
O'Dowd, who gathered him into the
patrol wagon and ; took ; him to the
City Hall, where several contused and
lacerated L wounds i- on ",¦ his ; head ; were
dressed. -He got -the wounds by but
ting- his head against • imaginary - ob
stacles., '¦¦ McCue's condition'became
so dangerous to himself - that he had
to i be placed in* > a straitjacket in
the ; detention •; ward of ; the hospital,
pending his : examination by the Com
missioners on Insanity.
Wonderful Progress of Young Men's
Christian* Association* in Member
ship, Building.* nntl Work.
A good-sized audience at the Young
Men's Christian Association Hall yes
terday heard General Secretary H. J.
McCoy tell of the remarkable growth
of the society since its organization in
1844. when it was founded in London
by Sir George Williams. The speaker
described the work of the associations
in all' parts of the world. and dwelt
especially upon its efforts in behalf
of railway employes, soldiers, and
sailors, students in the colleges, • and
the vast number of working youth
who are enabled by the night classes
maintained in every city to obtain
an education in I technical and other
lines, which, but for the work of tho
society, would be beyond their reach.
The address was illustrated with
handsome stereopticon views showing
many of the association buildings in
leading cities of the United States and
Canada. Mr. McCoy said that these
buildings represented a. value of >$ 30,
000,000. The - 1500 associations in
North America have' more than 350,
000. paying members.'
SECRETARY 3IcCOY RECOUNTS
ORGANIZATION'S GROWTH
From one end of Berkeley to the
othtr rapid progress is evident. Seen
from a distance the great number of
r.ew rooJs erive it the appearance of a
nc w community, and such it is in part.
As the seat of the University of Cali
fornia it has had from the inception
cf that institution peculiar interest for
the people of all portions of the State.
For a time its gTovvth was gradual, in
the past few years its advancement in
population and in everything that is
thereby implied has been and continuts
to be phenomenal.
The best informed citizens of Berke
ley cherish dreams of greatness for
their hvme city. Its educational facil
ities have for many years been the
magnet to draw the cultured from all
parts of the Pacific Coast as permanent
residents. Once settled in Berkeley for
the purpose of giving the children the
advantages held out by the free tu'
tion in the university and the f-xctl
leot teaching in the public school?,
heads of families have become attached
to the climate, scenery ar.d people.
This sort of accretion is assured as Jor.s:
as rtie university lasts and that will
bo for many years to come, probably
lor centuries.
Never underrating th<? university and
indeed looking to it with great and
pver increasing pride, seeing its con
stant growth and the ever widening
scope of its beneficial influence, the
Berkeley people have also disoernttl
other causes that are accessory to
greatness.
Seen in all its glory, seated on the
gentle slopes that give it great views
of the Golden Gate, of the broad ex
panse of the bay of San Francisco, of a
wide extent of water and charming
landscape, north, south and west,
Berkeley is always an agreeable mem
ory to visitors and constant delight to
thope who dwell within Its favored
boundaries. The refining influence of
education has been a factor in its ar
chitecture, in its home life, In its gen
eral environments.
MAYOR RICHARD'S VIEWS.
Mayor Thomas Rickard, head of the
local government of Berkeley, supplies
the following facts that indicate very
well the advance along lines of ma
terial progress:
Berkeley's growth In Indicated by the in
crteEe of. 400 school children in tb» pa*"t year.
The total increase of the census for the la«t
four y»-*r *xee*ds 1200. bringing the cumbrr
of school census children up to 4250, an in
crease of over 30 per cent. This would In
dicate that our present population exceeds
21.000. which entitles us to rank as the sixth
city in the State.
In the Ia«t year our municipal government
hac macadamized, graded, curbed, guttered,
mewfrcd and culvertert eleven miles of new
Ftreetn. at a co«t of $277,827. This Increases
the fity's total of macadamized thoroughfares
to 70 miles. In the loft year we have made
24, €10 llmal feet of new eewers. at a cost of
$19,313 70; COCO linrs.1 fr ; et of concrete cul
verts, at a cost of $10,572; 4S»,S3S lineal feet of
cencret* sidewalks, at a cost of $.'{3,3)7 51.
j The city's total expenditure in the last yenr
J for th«-«e street improvements aggregates
»341.OG! SO.
The spirit or progress is rife in the air In
the college town. The preliminary step* to
submit to the electors of the city a proposi
tion to issue bonds to the amount of S3l7,OO<i
for municipal Improvements have already be«-n
taken. It i* planned to vote J45.O0O for wharf
end water-front improvement*; $75,000 for a
City Hall; $12S.uiK> for new zchooihouses;
$20,000 for a manual training department;
$::5.O00 for a fire department; $JO,l>00 for a
park; $7000 for the equipment of the stree;
I department, and $200,000 for a storm sewerag*
j system.
Berkeley has reached that stage of growth
which compels it to realize that it must begin
to build on large and deep foundations. The
sentiment of our people strongly favors the
perpetuity of Berkeley as an independent city.
The rapid increase of th* city's wealth may
j be reliod upon to yield the necessary income
to support the city's growing needs without
entailing burdensome taxation.
; The last year has witnessed great strides
I In the manufacturing interests on our water
front, and several enterprises are projected.
Involving large Investments, which will make
the western |>ortion of the town very impor
tant comraercally. With two transcontinental
linen and well-equipped water facilities, there
is no doubt of Berkeley's future in this di
rection.
The fctlmulating effect of the new ferry
service is felt throughout the community, and
the promise of great Improvements In the
nlder local bervice makes the future even
briahtor.
Famed for Its climate: blessed with the
grandest educational facilities In the world:
protected by the State's htcrn ordinances
against the liquor traffic. Berkeley in the
years to come will continue to draw to it
people of culture and wealth.
RICHARDS IS ENTHUSIASTIC.
Berkeley has a Board of Trade, of
which J. W. Richards is the president.
The purpose of this organization is to
disseminate information relative to
Berkeley. Some pamphlets have been
published by the Berkeley Board of
Trade in which are embodied statistics
relating to the growth of the educa
tional city./but the progress has been
so rapid that these statistics are al
ready far out of the way, only half
telling the Berkeley story, although
they are but one year old. The fig
ures supplied by Mayor Rickard in the
foregoing are up to date. President
Richards of the Board of Trade is
found to be no less enthusiastic than
Berkeley's Mayor on the subject of the
future. He says:
What will happen In Berkeley In the next
few years will amaze the people of Berkeley
as well as those in all of California. The
western portion of this city will become a
great center of ; manufacturing. The room is
there and all the conditions are favorable. It
Is 'near San ' Francisco by water, and the
wharves that will be run out Into the bay will
accommodate ' the shipping necessary to carry
oo trade and commerce. On this side of the
bay will be situated great grain elevators.
The recend transcontinental road to pass
through Berkeley will soon be running regu
larly and affording us added facilities for
transportation 1 and for reaching market with
our manufactured products.
Our new high Eehool. when it was built,
was supposed to be large enough to accom
modate all the children for a long time. Hut
thrre clas.'es have been graduated. from this high
fcchool and already it is not large enough for
the boys and glrla who are seeking admission
to it. It is crowded. We did not know how
fast Berke»ey would grow when the plans for
the school were made. No one then appre
ciated our rate of progress in the immediate
future. I am satisfied that our advancement
will be fo great that we shall be continually
surprised. It is illustrative that the rate of
increase In school census children in Berkeley
is more rapid than in any part of California,
The university is expanding. That which orig
inally drew the attention of people to Berkeley,
the university. 1* rapidly growing and widen
ing in all ways — in buildings, in breadth of edu
cation. We are expanding in all directions and
contracting in none. We are becoming a great
city with city ways and city aspirations. No
place around the bay has such good facilities
for transit to and from San .Francisco as
Berkeley has enjeyed since the opening of the
Key Route to travel.
IX CAREFUL REVIEW.
Victor J. Robertson, president of the
North Berkeley Improvement Club, one
of the strongest and most effective
agencies for improvement in Berkeley,
has prepared the following relating to
Berkeley, 'which will be read with care
and interest:
Berkeley embodies all the conditions re
quired for an ideal residence, educational,
busliKs$ and manufacturing community. The
city Is skirted on the east by graceful foot
hills that readily submit themselves to the
."skill of the landscape artict. They afford an
inspiring' (/utlook, unrivaled in variety and ex
tent, and proptrly treated from an artistic
viewpoint could be piade most attractive. The
rlevstions nhould bb approached by winding,
well-drained street*, so as to withstand the
heavy rains of winter, and the steepf-r slopes
should be terraced. The entire foothill sec
tion could thus be made not only accessible,
but slcturepQue ami particularly desirable for
rtsidence sites. It is regrettable that the
scenic effect has already been marred by the
crowding of houses on shallow lots. In defiance
of arrwarancrs. commercial advantage and the
comfort and right* of others. Every commu
nity should have the right to protect Itself
against *uch a cractlce.
Berkeley is making much progress in Im
proving and beautifying its streets. There are
now about «vv«ntr miles of fine streets, and
these will In time be flanked by suitable trees;
care should be had In this work along the hill
sides, however, where view : and sunshine
should be prime considerations. In due course,
conduits should be provided in which to plate
electric w;ren, water pin^s and gas pines, in
order that ur.siyhtly poles may be removed
and tearing up finished streets avoided.
Berkeley r.s an educaticnal center has Just
prl<*e in the State University, destined to be
come one of the leading Institutions- of its kind
In the world. The public schools arc among
the best In the State, but the marvelous
growth In population has taxed to the utmest
school accommodations. More money la there
fore imperatively needed for additional school
sites and for fwveral larger and more modern
school structures. The voters must Bee to It
that the school work la not hampered for want
of means.
SOMH URGENT XEKDS.
The school course, strangely enough, does
not embrace manual technical education* and
Instruction in domestic science — now regarded
as necessary In all complete systems of edu
cation. The citizen* will be asked to vote
$20,000 In bond* In .September for the Introduc
tion of these uurful features into the eehool
course. Th» cwt to the taxpayers on $1000
assessed valuation will be but 12 cents to pro
vide this means of teaching boys and girls to
be useful. ' ¦ ¦ .-,
The Berkeley Fire Department Is well or
ganized, willing, alert, prompt and efficient.
It Is greatly aided in fire fighting . by the
water pressure, which is ordinarily adequate
in most Beet ions. More modern apparatus is
required, however, and more certain and rapid
means of reaching fires. The. $35,000 asked for
this department will be well Employed. ; In
some sections larger water mains will be
necesnary, but there is no doubt these will be
provided. Email areas should be. purchased in
the southern and western sections of the city
and put aside, while land is comparatively
cheap, for playgrounds. • etc. The university
grounds afford a most beautiful natural park,
eo that these email spaces will answer every
requirement.
The western part of Berkeley, ' bordering on
the bay. Is well adapted ' for manufacturing
sites. Car and ship may there be brought to
gether — fulfilling the conditions required by
manufacturers. The. • value of the waterfront
bus been demonstrated timo and again on San
Francisco Bay, and Berkeley should not , let
pass the opportunity to stake out a claim on
her waterfront. Berkeley • should vote the
$15,000 asked for the wharf, " and should also
eecure more waterfront. , It . !• an invaluable
possession, moreover. With intelligent en
couragement, in this respect, the west end of
tho town has possibilities of development lit
tle dreanu-ii of by the most sanguine. It con
tains the germ of Berkeley's commercial
growth.
PUBLIC SPIRIT OF CITV.
The matchless climate and outlook of ISerke
ley. seconded by her transportation facilities,
have attracted a population numbering 20.000.
But much remains to be done to keep abreast
of rrepxing municipal noeds. There should be
intelligent, fair, tolerant tilscusMon of these
needs, in order that an unbiased verdict may
be had u:»on the bond iFRue to be presented
to the voters in September. Meantime sec
tional barriers must be overthrown and public
spirit and community pride awakened.* The
North Ucrkeiey Improvement Club, the Cen
tral Improvement Club and other civic bodies
are devotint their energies to the work, not
only of looking after the needs of their sev
eral sections, but of arousinjr public interest
in the city as a whole, in order that the ad
vance may be General toward that jtreater
Berkeley, which will in time spread Itself over
the lnvltlnar territory to the northward. It Is
a great tack, indeed, but It is a pleasant one,
and there will be no faltering.
Amonp: the needs of Berkeley, as'de
scribed by President Ricnards of the
Berkeley Board of Trade and also by
Secretary R. C. Staats, is a tourist
hotel. The last named gentleman has
come in constant contact with the peo
ple and conditions existing in Berkeley
by' reason of his connection with the
Berkeley Board of Trade.
"There is no question," said Mr.
Staats, "that our progress is more
rapid than it has ever been. Any one
has only to use his eyes to see that.
Much more can be done by the people
than they are doing to make the situa
tion ever better. Possibly the great
growth that has come to the city has
made it seem to some to be less neces
sary to exert themselves to the utmost,
but that is a mistaken view. Proud of
Berkeley we all are, and with good rea
son." :;"»• .
Its Splendid Location, Rare Educatiqnal Facilities, Fine Residences, Climate and
Great Water Front for Factory Sites Make It Advance.
BERKELEY SCHOOLS AXD CHURCHES CHARACTERIZING A COMMUNITY WHERE HOME LIFE IS MADE AGREEABLE.
George E. Crothers, one of the trus
tees of the Stanford University, be
lieves that it is possible to provide for
a way to legally determine, within a
limited time, all questions that can
possibly be raised relating; to the valid
ity of issues of all municipal bonds and
that a great advantage would be de
rived by such early determination, as
it would' aid in marketing securities of
this cJass and also in insuring their
value for investment as against any
subsequent attack.
San Francisco has in view an issue
of about $18,000,000 in municipal bonds,
the proceeds from the sale of which
will be devoted to providing many pub
lic improvements. Already the legality
of the issue has been attacked. If this
attack should result in affirming the
regularity of the bonds still the decis
ion would go only to the particular
question or questions raised. New
questions and other suits could come
up for Judicial decision later, as thu
law is now. •
MR. CROTHERS' REASONS.
Mr. Crothers has in view the prepa
ration of a bill to be submitted to thu
California Legislature at its next reg
ular session for adoption. If the Leg
islature shall take favorable action th'.»
result will be, so thinks Mr. Crothers,
favorable to the public In several
ways. Mr. Crothers admitted yester
day that he will prepare a bill. Con
cerning the reasons therefor he said:
How can our new city bonds be made more
attractive to Investors ar.d sold at higher
prices? The one great bugbear of investors in
city and other public bonds is the ever pres
ent fear that there Is some hidden technical
defect in the proceedings leading up to their
issuance, which may be disclosed at any time
at the instance of the corporation or of any of
its citizens. In such event th» municipality
is actually prohibited by law from meeting Its
moral obligations to the investor whose money
it has spent.
The statutory and constitutional provisions
governing the issuance of bonds and the in
curring of d;bts are drawn with a special view
to .prevent possible 'fraud &nd imposition upon
the municipality by Its own officials, but they
entirely ignore the equities of innocent credi
tors and the possible desire on the part of the
public to meet all moral obligation;. For ex
ample, instead of mflklne it a felony for city
officials to Incur obligations in any vear In
rxcesp of the revenues for that year, the law
provides that the Individuals who contract witr.
municipalities must run the risk of losing their
deferred payments by the wrongful incurring
of subsequent obllsatlons in excess of the
limit. Our new charter attempts to remedy
this particular abuse. When a public corpora
tion "desires to cancel an agreement it Is not
even allowed to rUurn the money received, as
any orivate or quasi-DUblic corporation would
be obllced to do.
The nroviaiens referred to are permanently
fixed in our* State constitution. The question
is how to absolutely assure purchasers of the
validity of the vast issues of bonds about to be
made without attempting to modify the laws
under which they are ifisu'fl. •
The present method of testing such bonds is
by h nrocecdinc on the part of a citizen at
tacking .the issue. This Is open to two objec
tions'. Ktrst; if it should subsequently be
shown that the proceeding was collusive, any
Judgment obtained would be set aside. Sec
ondly, It determines only those questions
raised and th* Judgment does not stop subse
quent attacks. The public is familiar with
¦ many instances of protracted litigation over
public bonds*, but few are aware of the great
number of bor.d I.vucr which have been de
clared void after the municipalities have re
ceived and spent t><e money of lnnocfnt pur
chasers.
Nothing short of a proceeding in the nature
of an action in rein. Eimilar to that which has
been In use wince the act -of I8SH for tV>> de
termination of the validity of irrigation dis
trict bonds, will fully satisfy the requirements.
That act is unueaal, but has been rspeatediy
KUMaln'd by our Supreme Court as well as by
the Federal courts.
The act provided that "The board of direct
or."* of an irrigation district • • • may com
mence a special proceeding- in and by which
the proceedings of said board and of said dis
trict providing for and authorizing the issue
and sale of the bonds of said dis
trict, whether said bonds or any of
them have or have not then been 6old, may be
judicially examined, approved and confirmed."
Published notice of the proceedings is ad
drpswd In general terms to and is binding
upon all parties Interested in the proceeding.
"Every material statement of the petition not
Fpecifically controverted by the answer must,
for the purposes of said special proceeding, be
taken as true, and each person falling to an
swer the petition shall be deemed to admit as
true all the material statements of the peti
tion."
• It was al.*o provided, among other things,
that "L'pon the hraiinc of such special proceed
ing the court .«hall have power and jurisdiction
to examine and determine the legality and va
lidity of and approve and confirm each and all
of the proceedings for the organization of said
district under the provisions of the said act
from and Including the petition for the organ
ization of the district and all other proceedings
which may affect the legality or validity of
paid bonds, and the order for the sale and the
sale thereof." • ,
REMEDY IS SUGGESTED.
There Is no reason why a similar proceeding
should not be made available for the determina
tion of the validity of proceedings for the is
(•uance of bonds of all municipalities and other
public corporations. Such a proceeding
should provide for the determination of
the validity of all proceedings for the is
suance of such bonds before or after their sale,
as provided In the act quoted. This would en
able the city to make such sales of bonds as
necessary to go ahead with the contemplated
Improvements until the Legislature meets next
January. The proceeding could be instituted
and decided in about one month after the pas
sage of the necessary enabling act.
. By rendering municipal bonds more reputable
among careful Investors this city would reap
a rich reward In the form of higher selling
prices. Instead of being looked at askance by
executors, trustees, guardians and others to
whom absolute security is the first considera
tion and income only secondary, such bonds
would at once be preferred to all other forms
of securities. There are also moral elements
involved, which should receive consideration.
The public 6hould have a conscience, and, like
any. honest business man, should not depend
upon technicalities to escape moral obligations.
our constitution Should be so amended as to
permit municipalities, by • vote of their citi
zens, to meet their moral obligations. This in
tself would add materally to the security of
investments in public bonds. •>
Proceeding Similar to That
Applicable for Irrigation
Districts Is Recommended
THIS CITY CONCERNED
Grotliers Says There Is a Way
to Determine All Ques
tions in Eegarcl to Validity
WILL PREPARE
BOND MEASURE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU,: MONDAY, APRIL 25, -1 90*.
LEADING BERKELEY PROMOTERS DESCRIBE PROGRESS
OF FAST GROWING UNIVERSITY CITY ON BAY SHORE
7
POSTUM CEREAL.
CAME FROM COFFEE.
A Case Wljrre the Ttikinjr of Morphine
Began With Coffee.
"For fifteen years," Kays a young I
Ohio woman, "I was a great sufferer
fiom stomach, heart and liver trouble.
Kor the last ton years the suffering
tvas terrible; it would be impossible to
describe it. During the last three years
I had convulsions from which the only
relief was the use of morphine.
"I had Fcveral physicians:, nearly all
of whom advised me to stop drinking
tea and coffee, but as I could take only
liquid food? I felt I could not live with-
out coffee. I continued drinking it until
1 became almost Insane, my mind was
affected, "while my whole nervous sys-
tem was a complete wreck. I suffered j
day and night from thirst and as water >
would only make me rick I kept on
trying different drinks until a friend
asked me to try Postum Food Coffee.
"I did t»o, but it was some time be-
fore I was benefited by the change, my
system was so filled with coffee poison.
It was not long, however, before I
could cat all kinds of foods and drink
all the cold water I wanted and which
my system demands. It is now eight
years I have drank nothing but Pos- -
turn for breakfast and supper and the
result has been that in place of being
an Invalid with my mind affected, I am
now etrong. sturdy, happy and healthy.
"I have a very delicate daughter who
has been greatly benefited by drinking
PoEtum. also a strong boy who would
rather go without food for his break-
fast than his Postum. So much de-
pends on the proper cookjng of Postum,
for unless it is boiled the proper length
of time people will be disappointed in
it. Those in the fcabit of drinking
strong coffee Fhould make the Postum
very strong at first In order to get a
strong coffee taste." Name given by
Postum Company. Battle Creek, Mich.
Look in each package for the famous
little book, "The Road to . Wellville." J
I.AST SEVEUT NIGHTS—
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Mr. Fred Niblo Politely Proffers
1 Four Cohans
AND A COMPANY OF 72 PEOPLE
In Geo. M. Cohan's Immense Musical Comedy,
"RUNNING FOR OFFICE"
NEXT MONDAY— FIRST TIME HERB.
Klaw and Erlanger Present
GUS and MAX
In John J. McNally's Latest.
"TEE BOGEES BSOS. IK LOOTS OH.*
NOTE-SEATS 1SLST WEDNESDAY
IDEAL VAUDEVILLE!
Low Sully; La Petite Adelaide; Big.
Abramoff; Wilfred Clarke and Com.
pany; Ethel Levy (Mrs. George M. Co-
han); Tony Wilton and Helolse; Mile.
Amoros, assisted by Mile. Charlotte; 4
Mortons and Orphenm Motion Fic-
tnres, showing: a complete reproduc-
tion of the
OPEUA OF "FAUST."
Rejnilar Matinees Every "Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c 23a
and COc.
AT PA7AD Belasco * Mayer.
ALCAZAR snsi.
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THE WEEK.
Souvenir Matlneea Saturday and Sunday.
Evg.. 25c to 75c; Mats. Sat. & Sun.. 25c to 30c.
The London and New York Comedy Success,
THE NEW «« „*
w .*->*. ««V» r t °' the Alcazar
Q I Q \\f Stock Company.
First Time In San Francisco.
FRIDAY. APRIL 29. SPECIAL. MATINEB,
MARGARET WYCHBRLY
In Wm. Yeats' "LAND OF HEARTS DE-
SIRE" and "THE HOUR GLASS."
Seats now selling-.
Monday. May 2 — Arthur W. Plnero's
THE PROFLIGATE.-
_
Market Street, Near Eighth. .Phone South 033
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Matchless Drama of a Fireman's Life
THE STILL ALARM
Joseph Arthur's Most Famous " Play.
Fully Equipped Engine House Interior!
Real Fire Engine and Trained Horses!
Specialties by Quartet of Firemen!
PRlfFS Evenings 10c to fiOo
rnlVCJ Matinees 10c. 15c, 23o
Next— DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HTDK.
FLO ADLER
Aad % Great Show Every Afternoon and
Eveninjr In the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MINIATURE ELECTRIC RAILROAD
Esmeralda and Her BABY MONKEY In the
Zoo.
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
AMATET7S NIGHT THTTSSOAT.
Admission, 10c; Children. 5c.
When Phoning, Ask for "The Chutes."
OAKLAND RACE TRACK .
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB,
Racine Each Week Da*-. Rala or Shla*
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2: IS p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at th» track taka
& P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 13:30.
1 :00, 1 :30 or 2 o'clock. N * smoking In last twa
cart, which are reserved for ladles and thaty
escorts. ' .
Return ins trains l«ava track at" 4:10 aa4
4:45 and Immediately after the last rtw.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. FrcsldAat.
PERCY W. TREAT. E«cr«tary.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
I dialogue and Price Lists Malls i
en Application.
rBESX A2TO SAXT MEATS.
I k C -i RAVPC * Cl\ Shipping Batchers, lot
J A3. BU I C3 O Ul. Clay. • T«L .Mala 129 1
_____ ______ , ___ __,
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front St.. S. F. Phont Mala 17ML . <_
FSUHTXira.
T.V0LISS5&
ON'J.Y MATINEE SATURDAY.
- .BEGINNING TO-NIOHT.
Grand Revival of the Military Spectacu-
lar Comic Opera,
I UfllPN
Music by 1 1 II L 1 1 . ¦ Book by
Julian Stanislaus
mm, JOHNNY 6U ""
Homes marching!
HOME I
Kezt Production A ET/1TAWAY GXB&
Popular I'rlces 25c, 550c, 75c
Box ami Mezzanine Seats, $1. .
CALIFORNIA
fB THIS WEEK. B-^
GREATEST HIT OF THE SEASON,
Brightest of All Musical Comedies, Pj|
A GIRL I
FROM DIXIE J
By Harry B. Smith, author of «
"Robin Hood." •*
U Original New York Company of SIXTY 3
H PEOPLE. fjs
y Music by Twelve of America's Most M
2J Noted Composer*. Ji
Next— "TOM'S WEDDING GIFT." Jj
** .^*d»jB*'mHBMJMMMBBBMMB^^^
ONLY SIX NIGHTS MORE.
KOLB AND DILL
BARNEY BERNARD
WINFIELD BLAKE
MAUDS AMBER
HOPE AND EMERSON
CHARLOTTE VIDOT
TO-NIOHT
TO-MORROW AND WEDNESDAY NIGHTS
FIDDLE-DEE-DEE.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
NIGHTS— SATURDAY MATINEE.
WHIBL-l-616 and JBIG UITJJE PRiNIESS
Beginning Next Sunday Matinee.
MI.'LBOUT'.Ni: MACDOAVELL in "LA TOSCA"
Porular Prices — 15c. 2!>c. 50c, 75c.
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
MAJESTIC
.Market St.. Opp. Larkin.
NOW THOROUGHLY HEATED.
TO-XIOHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
The Success of the Season.
ISABEL IRVING
(Management James K. Hackett.)
- In Winston Churchill's Great Play,
"THE CRISIS"
Prices— %\. 50. 51.00. 50c; Box Seats, $2.00.
Box Office Open 9:00 a. m. to 10:00 p. m.
HERE'S I CASE
A . I till
IN WHICH YOU ARE INTERESTED.
A Case of Seeing a Play With More Laughs
Than There Are Stars.
CHOW-CHOW
Irresistibly Funny Are These Artists:
RICHARD F. CARROLL, JOHN P. KEN-
NEDY, BEN T. DILLON, ROY ALTON.
CARL YOHO, HELEN RUBSELL. NELLIE
LYNCH.
OU"R ; "GEM" CHORUS OF 30
And Numerous Clever Specialties.
POPULAR PRICES.
NEXT THURSDAY NIGHT— A. O. F. THE-
ATER PARTY.
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New)HOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE
REMODELED AND REBUILT at expenso
of •- $26O.(KX) — New Management — ENTIRELY
F1KE PROOF.
LOCATION— Very accessible to street car
lines, theaters, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN.
223 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several Private rooms in antique decorations.
Turkish Baths In Hotel. •
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT. D« fitel-
eer, Chef, formerly of . Waldorf-Astoria and
Chef to Prince of Wales. . . * •
¦ HOTEL ORCHESTRA; Telephone Connec-
tions In every room: long distance connections
made with any part of the coast.
Wire for reservations, at ' our expense.
HOTEL BUTLER, Seattle, Wash.
Paiflrt* boirr fail to
j COURT. Lounging
film ¦ roam, th* EMPIRE
f» UU PARLOR . th«
r 1 PALM ROOM, th«
lirflfld LOUIS XV PAR.
Ul OIIU LOR^ tnd toe LA.
n j | DIES' WRITING
Hotels! x room -
AMUFEMENT&
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I V SOUTHERN-UNION PACIFIC
DATES OF SALE: May II, 12, 13; June 15, 23, 24
S. F. Booth, General Agent, U. P* R. R. - 1 Montgomery Street
Or any Southern Pacific AgentTHE SAN : FRANCISGO; CALL^MONDAY; APRIL? :25,<-1904.
8
EMPLOYMENT .WASTED— MAIiB.
d POSITION orokers— Clerks, salesmen. ***£:
r; keepers. , stenographers, help of all * 1 ™**-
r. we furnish competent, experienced help th*t
\. we recommend to fill positions «^ 1 »'« t "!jj;
WILDE & CO.. 750 Market, rm. ler pnon?
- James 7141. * - .
e COMPETENT youns man stenographer aaU
h typewriter, having over three years P™cU-
1. cal experience, wishes to secure better po-
sition than his preeent one; references. Box
;• 1368. Call office. .
<* COMPETENT painter and paper-hanger, un-
'¦ demands tinting, graining, hardwood, fln-
Z I Ishlns wants work; hotel or institution or
7 private parties: city or country. Box olza.
Call office. » ¦ ¦
it — : -¦¦ — : - ~ ¦ . ¦ "
!: YOUNG man wou'.d like position as entry clerk
0 and stenographer. Address box 142S. Call
office.
? WANTED— Position by one capable of attend-
ing to correspondence, taking charge of of-
: flee force or performing . aecretarial duties;
a highest of references. Box S1S7. Call office. _
1 TOUNG man seeks situation on a horse ranch:
one who has some experience and who la
. willing to learn and willinx to work. W. Q..
523 Kearny St.. San Francisco. Cal.
r WANTED— Position by all around printer, la
1 newspaper or Job ,* office, or as reporter or
* pressman; 25 years' experience. Address
JOHN YOUNG. Santa Barbara. Cal.
. GENTLEMAN, active and executive, traveled
extensively, speaks several languages, will-
ing to go to any part of the world. Is open
for a. position. Box 31C2. Call office.
\ RELIABLE man wants position in private
' place; understands horses; good driver; can
milk and attend to garden; good all around
man; good references. Box 1163. Call.
. TWO French chauffeur machinists would like
' to meet party with $3000 for investment *.n
automobile business; full security; good In-
: terest. Box 3t33. Call.
' MAN and wife (British) want positions; man
frrst-class coachman, wife good plain eo*ik:
city or country;- city references. Box 3176,
Call office. . J -
WANTED— Steady position on ranch: 20 years'
experience with cattle, horses, farming: am
married. 4 children who will work. Addreai
G. H. B., 2475 Post St.. San Francisco.
JANITOR— Man and wife, no children. Ger-
man-Swiss; man engineer, do all kinds of
repairing, own tools; wife do housecleanlng.
Box 1371, Call office.
A YOUNG man having a few hours to spare
every day wishes light employment of ttome
kind. 321 Harrison st.
GARDENER, well experienced, single. German.
4 years' references last place, wants a situa-
tion. Address box 3206. Call office. - ¦'-. ¦ ¦•;'¦-
WANTED — Position as a fireman: understand
oil; three years' experience marine fireman.
Box 3131. Call.
ALL around butcher and sausage-maker would .
like a position In the city or country. Ad-
dress 67 Ryan ave.. San Francisco.
COOKS — Two strictly sober Eastern men want
ranch cooking together; best of references.
Addt ess box 1381. Call office.
PAINTER; ha\-e all tools; work reasonable.
Address Painter. 1210 Mission st.
WANTED — A position as waiter. 463 Seventh
street. Oakland.
MAN wants to clean up tn the morning. Ad-
dress box 1353. Call office.
POSITION m barkeeper. Box 57. 1008 Mar-
ket st.
ERRAND boy wants a situation. Box 1380.
Call office. ¦ ; r\-
BOY wants work after school. Box 3231, Call
office. \
VTA NTED— A Job at laboring work. Box 3is£
Call office.
COM PETENT bookkeeper would like position
in country. Box 3228, Call office.
TOUNG man wishes position of any kind. 528
Filbert st.
MAN, 55 years, wants steady work In country;
city references. Box 3220. Call.
AD writer (experienced) desires position. Box
3227. Call office.
WAITER, reliable, experienced, wishes situa-
tion in country. Box 3214. Call.
TWO farmers would like to ret work ia dtj
. or country. Box 1378, Call office.
JAPANESE boy (IS) wishes position as offlc«
boy or light etorework. Address FRANK.
110 Taylor at. (rear). *--,-
JAPANESE strong man wants a position to An
cooking and general housework. AKI. 1303 H
Castro st.. city.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
ef advertisements and subscriptions has been
epened at 1008 Marktt st., opposite Firth.
Open until 11 p. m. :*.*'" . -.¦ -"
FXATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed In our free renting department: over 1000
>n number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall; service free.
sterling furniture co..
1038 market st..
opposite McAllister.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-258 Geary
ct., on the square.
EIGHTEENTH, near Valencia— New flat. S
rooms and bath; all modern improvements.
Sixth, near Bryant— Flat of 4 rooms; $7 50.
Apply to G. A. L.EROUX. 29 New !Mont-
gomery st.
SHARON. SS, bet. 15th and 16th. off Market—
New upper flat. 7 large sunny rooms; mod-
ern improvements: rent. $25. /
NEW flats; 5 St 6 r.: yard; basement; every
convenience: rent reasonable to good tenant.
1456-54 Eighth ave.. S. of G. O. Park.
WANTED — Party to share a modern flat, va-
cant May 1; rent $35; nine rooms. Call at
1303'- Waller st. for particulars.
A NEW modern fiat of 8 rooms and bath: rea-
sonable to responsible party. 828 Harrison at.
CAPP, 1C06. near 25tli — New sunny modern: 5
rooms, yard: rent reasonable.
COLE and Carl, corner, south side ..Panhandle
— 2 new, sunny, modern 6-room upper flats.
ELEGANT new corner;, upper flat: 6 room*
and bath. 2294 Filbert St.; grand view; reas.
ELLIS. 1935>. near Devlsadero — Fine 6-rootn
fiat to good tenant. $2S 50.
FLAT of .t nice rooms. Apply 11 Clara St..
between Third and Fourth.
HAIGHT. 4MB. near Flllmore — Flat. 4 sunny
rooms, yard and basement. $1A.
HARRISON, 0S1. near Sixth — Flat. 6 rooms
and bath; rent $25.
MASONIC ave.. 132S. near park — Elegant,
sunny, up-to-date lower flat.
MODKRN flat. 5 r. & b.. yard, basement: fash-
ionable; water free; rent $27 SO. 3300 Clay.
PIERCE. C933. near Union and Flllmore -st.
cars — Elegant 6-room lower flat.
SUNNY, upper; 7 rooms and bath. 1442 De-
vlsadero st.. near Oeary.
UPPER. flat. i:»3 Ellis St.. between Lagana
and Buchanan; 6 rooms, bath; rent $27 50.
UPPER flat of I roonvi and bath to let. 33(?>-i
Tefcama st.
FLATS TO LET — FliK.MSHKU.
LOMBARD, 1010— Flat. 3 large rooms, parti"
furnished, commanding a grand view of city
and. bay: rent reasonable to. a responsible
party; no children; flowers & vegetable grdn.
ARMY. '..1628. near Valencia— Sunny furnished
upper flat 6 room*, bath; 2 gaa ranges; porch.
M'ALLISTER. 38, nr. City Hall— 7 rooms, yard :
H can be arranged to flats. 3 and 4 rooms each.'
POLK. 1402— Nice sunny flat; bath. ga«; suit-
ahl» 4 persons: reasonable; no children.
SOUTH PARK. 7»— Furnished upper flaT~or
5 rooms; rent reasonable. Apply 1:30 to a.
FLATS FOR SALE— FUHSISHKD.
ATTRACTIVE, sunny upper Cat; 8 rooms and
bath:. newly furnished; fine, carpets elegant
furniture; rent reasonable; a bargain. 1723
Eddy st. - -
LOVELY new 5-rm. flat: .sun every rm.: fur-
"'V! 1 ?^ * !most nw : cheap rent; price $250.
Call 10:30 to 3:30 only. 242 Noe. nr. Market.
FOR sale— Flat, 5 rms.. bath: neatly furnished.
.a .Dale place, off.; Golden Gate ave., nr.
Ltavenworth: no dealers; rent $20; call 10-4.
VALENCIA. ,S4_Nteely furnished flit ot 0
rooms for sale. 1200. - ¦ - ~
Lonnivr. pot r «ir:y ronmi.n— r«n,.
A. CAMERON & CoT Phone South lO5o!
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and. Powell.
Headquarters* for Rooming-Houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
i. 180 rooms: grand, new. 'modern apartment-
h house: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
h rent; fine lease: paying $500 to $600 per month;
. close In; full nice people; bargain If taken at
once; dissolution of partnership. ,
; 138 rooms; downtown commercial hotel; =8
r years' lease; cheap rent; elegantly furnished;
r one of the best opportunities to secure first-
class hotel; .owner has other business; part
cash, balance time. • .• ¦
9 rooms; sunny flat; rent $50; oak, mahogany
fur.; obliged to leave city t reduced to $6i0.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.. ;
7-rooru flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.;
162 rooms;, most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-hou6e In San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance, cheap rent; clear-
Ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per . cent per year.
18 rooms; rent $85; north Market; close in;
rood money-maker; reduced from $1600 to
$11CO.
90 rooms; part offices; elegant new building
and furniture, high-class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill In
connection; best proposition in city; called Eaet.
24 rooms; rent $145;. new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease. -•'*,'
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well- furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must eell on
account of other business; only with us,
20 rooms; rent only $100; all new furniture;
doctor pays S95; clearing over all expense $100;
best street Oakland; will trade for San Fran-
cisco house.
14 rooms; rent only $60; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $S50.
36 rooms; rent $3 50 per room; first-class
downtown location; long lease; thoroughly ren-
ovated and put In best condition; guaranteed
to clear over $200 per month; fine opportunity
for good investment; price $2500.
20 rooms; cheap rent; close in; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
30 rooms; rent only $150; oak and cherry
fur.; fine carpets; close In; fine money-maker.
220 rooms: new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; 6- year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing $400 to $600 per month; obliged to leave
city.
11 -rooms: rent $40; close In; oak, cherry fur-
niture, Brussels carpets; clears 555 over all ex-
penses; $-100 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
40 rooms; elegantly furnished: rent. only $250;
oak and mahogany furniture: 60' boarders;
clearing $250 per month; close in; fine buy;
price $ti000.
10S rooms; cheap rent: new and tlegantly
furnished: up-to-da"te rooming-house; has fine
bar. can be run In conjunction If desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of t'ie house; other business In-
terests demand immediate departure. . .
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long leaee; clears $4C0 to S500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
ID rooms: rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
150 rooms; beautiful corner: 3 and 4 room
apartments; grand marine view; new and mod-
ern throughout; most elegantly furnished house
in city; call for terms and particulars. ,
60 rooms; cheap rent; new and beautifully
furnished; modern building; close. In; full of
nice pecple; half cash, balance low Interest.
75 rooms: grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10- years' lease; close In:
clears S-100 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
33-rooms; cheap rent; good lease; beautifully
furnished: new modern building; very central:
all full: little gem of a hous«; leaving city.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner houne: pri-
vate baths: beautiful . furniture: 2 entrances:
takes in S30 to $40 per day transient, -besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
21 rooms: corner: rent only. $85: oak fur.;
good carpets, housekeeping; 'all full; clearing
$70 over ail expenses; 4 rooms landlar'/. price
$1600. ' v
f>0 room*; new, modern apartment-house: 10-
year-lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
17 rooms: Elll*'fct.: rent $70: oak furniture,
Axminster carpets; fine condition; clears $?0;
fine little buy. -^
For . rent — 4-room suite, furnished, in fine,
apartment-house, 4 to tl months: rental $45 per
month; references; no small children.
8 rooms; fine upper flat; rent only J30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$150.
SP1RITCALISM.
MRP. OR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
tr business med'm, read dally $1: dsv'p'g class
Thurs. U p.m.; tel. Geary 884: 1006B G.G. ave.
MRS. LESTER'S test circle 8 p. m., 10c; read-
lnts dally, 2T>c and 60c. 122 Taylor st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings. dally.
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
alato-writer. 1112 Eddy at. Phone Scott 887.
CLA1UVOVANTS.
THE FUTURE REVEALED,
THE PAST DISCLOSED.
THE PRESENT ANALYZED
BY LIVINGSTONE,
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S* readings are like
a living page of Flammarion's treatises that
Is so electrifying the world to-day. HE IS
NO IMITATOR. His work is upon original
lines; PURE THOUGHT. CLEAR VISION.
He TELLS YOU WHAT YOU DESIRE TO
KNOW. AND WORKS, IN. THE OPEN-
LIGHT. AND IS AS /ONSPICUOUS FOR
JTS WONDERFUL OCCULT ANALYSIS AS
IT IS FOR ITS ORIGINAL EXPRESSION
AND VIVID TRUTHFULNESS.
A test reading Is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTON U he will
give you a full life reading for $1. A test Ik
of little: value when the mind Is troubled —
you need more substantial aid and advice.
This is . Just what PROF. ¦ LIVINGSTONE
gives you when you call on him for a first-
class clairvoyant reading. He asks j-ou no
questions, but tolls you what you wish to
know. ,
He does not mention all the ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts in your case. Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyse the matters that are
troubling j'ou, , find the cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy.
Remember, the — 428 EDDY ST.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. ¦• ¦
ISM AR, the Egyptian gypsy, : clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at '1104, Market
et.. cor. : Turk: private readings, dally, 10 a.
m. to 6 d. m.; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as In Derson; u questions answered. $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date of year.
.'of 'birth; don't send currency; send postofflce.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A — MME." PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant me-
- dlum and , card : reader, ¦ born , with a double
veil and second sight, tells past, present and
future; 1. 50c, g. by cards $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant Kit., $1 50. 312 lUmn, nr. Geary.
A— Miss M. Wille, 460 Geary, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called -for without asking a ques-
. t.'on, names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
MIES ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. and palm.;
:'.. has < second -sight;: a wonderful prophetess;
; names: I.' 60c, g. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G.G. ave.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly.
advice given on a!! affairs of life; satisfac-
tion guaranteed: 25c up. 17 3d. next Exam.
MnuA.H.Krcnenberg.palmlst,' clairvoyant, card
. reader :when. others fall try n.e; good readings 1
: 10c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.avc.Tel.Larkln 420T.. J a
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life;: business ad- '
: vice: name* Ttlven: 23c. up. 1 835 Howard st. j»
MME. WALTERS great card- reader;. Ia. 23c; ' ,
'.. gents 50c. "051 Mission St.; nr. 6th; open Sun. ¦'_
OLDEST, Udy palmist and card reader In city. c
, -'«'/4 Kearny. ¦. room ¦ 20; ladles 25c; gents POc. . '_
MISS WARD,, clairvoyant, gives names, dates T
- and facts; readings dally.. 917 .Market at.
MRS ' BROWN, : clairvoyant. 7 card • reader, re-
moved frorn_132_to_j53W^OKjl : _^^ -
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune- A
teller. , ia now at 317: Ellis st.;; ;'.•;., •
MRS. SHAFER.' clairvoyant," card reader,- sit-
r tings dally. 448V Jessie st.. bet.' 5th and 6th. p
1 ¦¦¦'.. '_.. "¦ ;'oms jKggxTraB^^C^jv^;^ ..-.
WHO 7— Hunter. 1200 Market st. ; $10t>; rupture 5
•cure for $10; circular explains; eend for one. 1
THE^G^LL
JOHN D. S37EECEELS, Proprietor.
R£ tS ICSE McMUGHT, KU8Cr
. MAHT1X Business Manager
1TEN DOLLARS KEWAltD.
y TIkj Call OCicc Sr You Miss
Votxr P«i>er.
IS Sox any caaee TEE CALL la not fle-
!rered rernlarly to ambscrlbera please
ail up "CAX.Ii EXCHANGE" anfl notify
Jrt'oEcriDticn Clerk In charge. Tour com-
.ii«lat will receive prompt attention.
A et&a&insr retcard of Ten Dollars
VS10.0O) is offered Icr tee arrert and
. convection of any or* c&mrht vtealinr
•£WC CA.XtZ>.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Ycu Witt the Department You Wish.
Public alien Office Market and Third. S. F.
E-iitcriAl Room 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
!>::•* ered by Carriers. 20 Cts. r*r Week. 75
<Jts. I J tr IJemh. Single Copies 5 Cent*.
Terms by Mali, Including Posmse tCath With
Order! :,
DAILY CALL nr.iMud. Sunilay>. 1 y«ar...$S.oo
DAILY «'ALL (inciud. Sundajt. 6 rnos 4. CO
iiAILV ALL— By Single Month 75c
STTXDAY CALL. 1 Year 2.50
VEEKLT CALL. 1 YiiAR 1.00
* FOPEIGN* 1 I>aily...*8.S0 Per Year Krtra
p^c-r.^v 1 Sunday. 4.16 Per Year Extra
PO...At,ii. I Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTTRP ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECiaVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
..pBnjpii- Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
" ... Mill subscribers in ordering change ot ad- I
4r€*« fhould br- pariuular to gixr both NEW I
AND OLU ADDRESS In oroer to Insure a |
pi-in^t ai:d corrttt compliance with their re-
• quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
214* Center fctreet Telephone North 77
WAtHlXGTON COniXESI'ONDENT:
•AML'EL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
" airto.-^- Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano, 31
Union Square; Murray Hi*i Hotel; Fl.'th-ave-
cue Hcji<>l an<J HviTnuin House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
* Sherman House; I*. O. News Co.; Great
• Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; PaJmer House.
' CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. <ir;ORGK KHOGNE.SS. . Manjuette Building
<Lcnjr Distance Telephone. ••Crntral 2619. ">
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPBEN B. SMITH.... SO Tribune Building
NEW TORK eORRrS- PON DENT:
C. -O. «AliLTON Herald Square
. BITKIKESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
<.N!I. <-orner Market cjid Third street*; open
* i:nui 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
lOTS Varkct ftrctt, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
fiT Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
until y:jo p. m.
SO<> )<:-\~~ street ; open until 9:30 p. m.
tiX't Mv.MIister street: open until 8:30 p. m.
*>15 larkin street; .-j--i :: until »:30 p. m.
l'J4l J!it!>ion street; open until 10 p. m.
21*^1 Msrket eixeet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 1» p. to.
W> Elaventli street: open until 9 p. m.
IijmS \'ai'noia street; open until 9 p. m.
NoT-rhf£st corner ".Tiurch and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. tn.
North-xen c-orner of Tw»nt> -second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
CiXK> FillmoPe street: open until 9 p. m.
TO' SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
' ' FOR THE SUMMER.
CAX>Z> smBecribers ccntemplatiagr a
cbance cf residence dnrinr the summer
cort^s can h&ve tneir paper forwardetl
by mail to their new address by notify*
Is* THE CAXXi Bnslnees Ofice. This
tm.7er will alao be on sale at all summer
resorts aa.6. is represented by a local
surest In all town a on tae coast.
MKbTOU MrnCES.
ASTIATM OF GOLDEN GATE Com-
* msrdciv Xu. 1«. K. T., «5 Sutter ?t. gS^
— epedil art'mhl' THIS AFTER- EJ
N'XJN afG o'clock. Order of Temple.
AIJ r'raUrs arc courteously Incited.
ty order of tl • Commander.
THEX». FKOLKH, Recorder.
EAN FRANTiSCo chapter No. 1. Royai «•
Arrh Muvm-iS. meets THIS EVEN- Vv
ING; detroes C and 7 /^f\
H.^J. PRINCE. Secreury. '
OCCIDENTAL Loti^e No. 22. F. and A. m
M.— THIS (MONDAY* tVEVISO at VV
7:30 o'clock. Third decree. Master /^^\
Mfiso*iF -nt-dlal^ in\ itcd. By order of
ihf blester.
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
KJN« SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F.
end A. M.. 1833 FUlmore t.t.— Third w ft-
f.'P"^ TlilS .MONDAY) EVENING X5C
et 7:^0 o rlcck. /V\
_. • 1IARKY BAEHR, Secretarj.
*I. O t>. 1*. PICNIC— All OddFel- -flaffr,
lets, their families and friends :^J^l
Rr* icqaetted to meet st th<- a
o cJp-.k Oakland boat Tl.'ES- W«P- P
DAY. April 26, to attend the annual picnic
at FerntrouK Park, Nile* Canyon.
TO th» oCBoera and niembeia of the
Higgen' and Stt-vedores' Union. JJ
Local 222, of th* 1 L. M & T. A. — £A
. You are hereby notified to attend
. th« regular mc-rtlng of this union
to he held at our hall. 121 New _jJA»
Momgomer> ¦*. .. ir-'..« <iat», 1ION- SS^V
DAY. Arrll 25. 1?X>4, at the hour of
• S p. m. By order of
T1?OS. F. BRYANT. President.
. 'HENRY .TEND. Rec. Oor. Secretarj.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
ihe Bierra Railway Company of California
will t»hrld at the offices of th» company.
No. V2".» «'r»cker building. City and County
at Stn Kraiicl8«-o. Ktate of California, on
MONDAY. »!ie Hti day of February, liK»4. at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose
• of electing directors for the enrutng year
and the transaction of such other business as
n:ar come betore said meeting. Dated at
Pan Franrlsro. Cal., January 23, 11KH. B
D. FRESHMAN, Secretary.
The above meeting adjourned until April
IlTh. VM<t. at 11 oclock a. m.
Feb. S, V*H. S. D. FRESHMAN, Rec'y.
• The above meeting adjourned until July
11th. 1904. at 11 o'clock a. rn
April 11. l»f>4. P. D. FRESHMAN. Sec'y.
. NOTICE of annual meeting of Mercantile Trust
°. Coirpany of San Francisco — The regular an-
nual meeting of the Stockholders of the
Mercentile Trurt Company of Ban Francisco
«•!!! t* held on WEDNESDAY, April 27
1PO4. at 12 o'clock noon, at the office of
the company. 464 California street. San
Francisco. California, for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to «erve for tht
eccu.ng >ear. and for the transaction of such
rther butlnesa as rnajr con.c before the iseet-
ir.*.
Transfer books will close on Saturday
April 1«. U»04. at 12 o'clock noon
Dated Aeril 11. I»04.
JOHN D- McKEE. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic pro-
% ces* trom Kidney Q. Sturman In Gravel nm
trine, near Georgetown. El Dorado County
Cal.. draining Into Jonee Creek. which
reaches Middle Fork. American River, and
from Syndicate Mining Company in Syndi-
cate mine, near Placerville. El Dorado Coun-
ty. c»l.. draining Into Hangtown Creek.
which rea-he* South Fork. American River,
gives notlc* that meeting will be held at
roflm f»6 Flood bulMIng, Ban Francisco. Cal .
May ». 19M. «t 1 :30 p. m.
' THE ennual meeting of the shareholder* ot
ghe Fan Francl»co Gas and Electric Ccm-
f«ny for the election of director* and the
transaction of ruch other business as may
tome before It w!ll be held at the office of
the company. 416 Post et.. in the city of San
Francisco. <^al.. *t 1:30 o'clock p. tn., April
?«!, 1804 The transfer books of the com-
pany Trill be closed from April 16 to and tn-
cludmr April £6. 1804.
fSiST-ed* CHAP. L. BAnRETT, Tec-
Dated Fun Francisco. April 12, 1904.
( NKUAL MEETING— The annual meeUng ot
the «tockh"lders nf the El Rico Mlninr Com-
pany will be held on MONDAT. the 2d day
ft May. 19O4. at <he hour of 2 o'clock In the
nfternoon, at the offices of the eaid company,
?29 Crocker building, city and county of K\n
Frsnrivco. Htatf of California. 8. D. WOODS.
F.-<r«tarv. Dated April IS. 11*04.
A3VEKTTSEICEjrT "WTtlTTlTO.
Having recently acquired through exchange
rf property thiee M0 scholarshipa In the best
Ccll^ge cf Advertising in the United States.
J will i-ei! them at 25 per cent discount for
c«eh; tht college teaches advertising writ-
ing l»y correspondence «nd assists Its grad-
uateb ia terure -positions: catalogues. t\tr-
cietied 00 application. Address box iK.'«, CalL *
. LODGWG-HOCSES FOR SALE.
'• MARION GRIFFIN. -
n •-!¦¦¦ •
I- ". '. ¦-.
• 406 Hearst buildinc- over Examiner entrance.
Q Modern business methods in fine, front offices.
Phone Black 3607. or take elevator to 4th
u floor. Up-to-date, title * abstract 'free with
every sale. We sell ; any house on our In-
stallment plan.
38-ROOM anartment-house ; south of Market :
rent 505; house full; very little ; work for
• landlady: price $1500; "'4 cash; chance for
a . big profit. ¦>• ¦¦¦• MARION GRIFFIN.
n 37-ROOM apartment-house;) north' of Market;
corner; most elegantly furnished In golden
oak and birdseye maple; heavy .velvet car-
pets; 5-year lease; easy terms. For permit
" to see U see ' MARION GRIFFIN.
120-ROOM hotel; very select; profit $500
monthly; price $1200: simply first-class : a
dependable house. MARION GRIFFIN.
51-ROOM hotel; ultra-fashionable; rent $250;
price $5500; c!ear6 over-$400 monthly: a
lady can manage it- MARION GRIFFIN.
100 ROOMS; new and modern; 8-year lease;
income $1007: expenses $639; " profit $4BS:
owner must change climate; It's bona flde;
it's first-class. MARION: GRIFFIN.
17 ROOMS near St.' Francis Hotel; $1600; in-
come $113 over -rent; well furnished; terms,
part cash and monthly payments: a good
honest house. : MARION GRIFFIN.
16 ROOMS on Van Ness ave.; make offer; rent
$60; profit $106 monthly; suitable for refined
lady; a swell location. MARION GRIFFIN.
ECONOMICAL folk, listen.
Why not go at once to. see -MARION GRIF-
FIN, pay $100 down,' save -house rent?
44 ROOMS near Nob Hill: $2000; reduced from
$3200; splendid eunny XE corner! owner is
out of city; cash. See MARION GRIFFIN.
2S ROOMS; $1200; see MARION GRIFFIN;
quiet; respectable; full; .big snap.
40 ROOMS: building and furniture new 1 year
ago; owner sick;. 4- blocks of Market: invest!
gate and make offer to MARION GRIFFIN.
2U ROOMS: new house; new. furnliure; lease
If desired; price $1600. See MARION GRIF-
FIN. ¦-'•¦¦ -S
20 ROOMS; near Market: $650; lease: electric
lights; snap; low k rtnt. See MARION
GRIFFIN. : _¦¦¦.¦.
23 ROOMS on Sutter; rent $75; all men room-
ers; $100 i>«r month profit guaranteed: one
of our best bargains. , MARION GRIFFITH.
N. B. — (1) THAT we-can- sell* you a 21-room
house full of rooiherix and clearing $70 a
month for ?12O0; < 2) that you need pnly pay
550t> down: we lend you. the balance payable
in Installments. . MARION ' GRIFFIN.
10 ROOMS; mark what we claim;, good build-
inc; "new Axmlnater and velvet carpets;
beautiful birdseye maple, oak and mahogany
furniture, bought new last • August: lease:
#100 i*er month put Into bank; nicely locat-
ed: C blocks, north of Market. MARION
GRIFFIJB
22 ROOMS: income 5117 over, rent; new and
nice; full of refined, permanent roomers;
beautifully furnished with hair mattresses;
oak, nishosany and hsravy - Bruf sels carpets;
a SWELL PROPOSITION. .MARION
GRIFFIN. ;
14 ROOMS near Hyde and O'Farrell $850
•14 rooms near Eddy and Hyde $l(Xn>
14 rooms near Polk and Kills . $1000
14 rooms near Po*t and Hyde; extra fine;
14 rooms, transient, near Market; make offer.
14 rooms: north; rent $38: clears $50. .S450
MARION GRIFFIN.
A HINT ti> thi wise.
it'B the r>art of wisdom before you buy to
call on MARION GRIFFIN, room 406 Hearst
luiliilnj.. over Examiner entrance. There
ycu find courteous, responsible people. There
legal papeiM are drawn according to law.
Extra careful: they never u«e any but "MA-
RION GRIFFIN'S up-to-date legal blanks."'
6O BOOMS furnished most beautifully: electric
clevztur: uiectrlc lights: exact book accounts
show $287 profit in March;- nicely located;
thoroughly respectable; roonifrs are business
men. ¦ ' MARION GRIFFIN.
24 ROOMS: n»w and medern and extra well
furnished: a beautiful house inside and out:
large rooms; private baths: sunny corner: we
guarantee this house v.ill fascinate ajjy lady
of -refinement. MARION GRIFFIN.
SPLENDIDLY furnished house ef 14 room?, on
sunny i-lde of. street, near Post and Leaven-
wrirtli; newly furnished Jn. March. 1903; frest
of oak and mahogany; .heavy - Brussels car-
pets: only cause is sickness; the. owner u:ust
lVave the oily; no reasonable offer will r>»
re fused: landlady occupies 2 mice room* an.l
receives fZ'G ever rent. MARION GRIFFIN,
40»i Examiner building.
MARION GRIFFIN, ' -, \\
406 Hearst bldg.. -over Examiner > entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front officer.
Phone Black 36u7. or take elevator 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free witli every sale.
We sell any house on our installment plan.
RESPECTABLE, quiet and clean: 14 fine lar^e
rooms; housekeeping; rent $40: clears til
monthly: price $700. See MARION GRIFFIN.
40 r.OOMS./
A 2-stoiy house of 40 rooms: good furnisli-
. Ings; all men roomers; rent $110; clears $150
monthly; reduced to $3000; easy to manage.
Also a.I7-room house en Van Ness
ave.: rent $60: \ery little work for
landlady; fine appearing house,- inside and
out; exquisitely furnished in elegant oak and
mahogany; rich Brussels carpets; clears $106.
Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
31 LARGE sunny rooms; new building; straight
rooming-house, see ? Fine location, near
Geary and Jones; eminently respectable;
make offer to my agent MARION GRIFFIN.
20-ROOM house put down to $1000; clean
and full; rent. $60; clears $60 month;
sunny side of street. See MARION GRIFFIN.
PERFECTLY appointed' 50-room house In a
very central location, furnished, elegantly
April. 1903;, electric elevator, electric lights;
hot water in every room; 8-year lease; Income
$496 over rent; all large single rooms; room-
ers all business men.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406, Hearst bid.
SNAP this. 9 rooms for ¦ — ' ¦ ,- -, '¦ - $350;
5 rooms furnished; 6 blocks north of Market;
rent $35. Call at 2 p. m.' on -
jM";-/- ' .¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
80 ROOMS.
Newly furnished 1 year ago; • $3800;
full of men roomers; wide halls; lease;
very. low rent. . - MARION GRIFFIN.
SWELL transient house. - ¦. - -
Beautifully furnished: extra fine hair mat-
tresses; new and. modern building on sunny
corner; 24 rooms; rent $135; price $2800:
worth $4000 as « money-maker
. ¦ .r See MARION GRIFFIN.
1C0 ROOMS; sunny . corner; rent $125.'. ..$4M>0
112 rooms; clears $3&0; low rent... $4500
SO rooms; furniture nearly new.. '....... $.1800
15 rooms: fine location, north of Market. .$900
40 rooms; Jn Oakland: new; rent $60..:. $2500
12 rooms; half cash; cheap rent $000
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearr.y st. v .., /
MITCHELL & CO -Phone -Jessie 29S1
1206 Market St.. opposite Sixth.
NOTICE. . •
We have apartment-housss, .rooming-houses
and flats to exchange. Call and-examlne our
list. " - . ¦ ¦ ' . ¦ ."
16-ROOM I house, close In. . cheap rent, . good
lease. 1 no vacant rooms, for $1200; payments
monthly. - Address box 2760, Call office.
20 ROOMS,' 3 blocks 'north, of -Market 'at.;, good
furniture: lease. J. STRAUB, 630 Market st.
$700 WILL. buy nice lodging-house. 16 rooms.
903VJ Washington st; Oakland* .• J • *
A BARGAIN; 0 rooms; cheap; must be «old on
account; of sickness. '212 Fifth -st. - :
HOUSE of 7 rooms for aale cheap; leaving
city; snap. 129 Fifth st. ; v
SIXTEEN-ROOM lodging-house. 402 Geary st.
corner Mason; no agents.' .•.,-¦•
16 ROOMS;' rent $80; *water free; 2^-year
lease; furnished new; make offer.- 323 Taylor.
WANTED— Lodging house, not' over 25 rooms.
and well. furnished. > Addreaa box 3536, Call.
CAItPET; BEAT1KG AND; CLEANING.
COMPRESSED air and \ vacum system now
vnlversally used , in cleaning carpets on
I floor; without removal; ; price 'moderate; S.
F. Compressed -Air - Cleaning. Co.. SOS Mar-
ket «t ; . tel. Main < 152. , Bush 47S.\ >-
WHEN you become I disgusted • with I you work
send for SPAULt)INO'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works/ 355-357tTehama»t; tel. South'40.,
AT- MITCHELL'S. 240 . Fourteenth I tst.l clean- •
ing ft laying done rfMonablj-. Tel. Mission 74. j
WESTERN Carpet" Cleaning Works, 1800 Har- 5
"¦- 1 lson st; J A1 cleaning;; 3c.r*i,Tel.- Mission 225. 1
S°, N , K £' 1 ?r s • Super' 1 "" Carpet-Beating Works, '¦ -
333 Golden Gate • ave. ; telephone East > 126. . J
HOPKBBROS:: excellent carpet be4tlng: mat- ;
tresses made over. ( 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216. '
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.; -
tel. Main 304- GEO.^WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & "CO., carpet -beating works; prices 3
f reast/nable," 1703 Harrison st.; tel.Mlselon 263. *
] AGKXTS WAXTEDL
j 3 WORE men wanted, *2-$4 per day. Call
! Agents' Outfitting Co.. 530 Golden Gate ave.
7 . A TTOK.NK* b-AT-LAW.
r~ f ~APviag rragK —^T ~
r . Columbian Law A Coll. Agcy.. r. So, »I«
' Market; phone John «226; open evenings.
uen»ac*» at most reabunable u'.ts all legit-
r liaatc liw business; bonds lurnlshed ia crim-
inal and civil cases: small collections taken.
A PR1VATK. quirk divorce for small fee.
Se« rr.e and *a»t nnfnev: no pay in advance.
5 G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY- AT-LAW.
EMaMSJu-d 22 mh. : rirs. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5. 1st n.
1122 Mark»t St.. between Mason and Taylor.
A«»vir, tree.ali matters. Detectives employed.
e R. W. ICING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg.. ,
T Cth floor, entrance room Oil': established 2U
>ears: all < .se£. gen<-ial court and office prac-
tice: no '«* in advence or for- consultation:
evening* by a:»r»olnt3ient. Tel. R'd SOtSI.
¦ DFt'ORCE cheap, speedily, quietly: call on us
'ere goinr elseT«-here. Phone James - 6221 ;
f room 41. 010 Market st, crpesit* Emporium.
ADVICE free, dlvorcef. all law cases, costs ad.
vanced. S!!» Market ?t.. room 81. - -.-.'. '-f-»-
\ CI^'OHCE — Costs. *12: quick.* quiet; advice
free; open ev»ninr». 927 Market st. rm. 301.
DIVORCE law a specialty: no publicity; advice
free; coots $12. Address B.A.S.. P.O.box 2199.
' L. S. CLARK. 927 Market st.: consultation
free: Tin fe»« in advance; np*T? »v»nlnrn
1 AimtMUBILB*.
) SECOND-HAND automobiles in first-clam
» ihir» for sale cheap. Inquire at 20 Golden
; Gate ave.; phone Howard S71.
, WANTED — To l>uy a second-hend automobile
in good condition; a Rambler preferred. Box
[ CS20. Call office.
1 WANTED — To buy an automobile 2 seats. Ad-
dress box 41C7. Call office.
A WHITE steam automobile for sale. Box
14C1. Call office.
. I A CADILLAC. Beat 4. for sale; reasonable. Box
• I S61S, Ca!l office.
1 , =
[^ BASKETS.
GET your basket trunks at the factory, 3116
17th st., near Valencia, at factory prices.
BASKETS made cf every descrirtlon. Friedl
Baz».*r and Ba«k»t Factory. 1*:72 Folsom st.
BCSI.XKSM CHANCES.
A— $1000: DAIRY produce and delicatessen
store: cio*e to Market st.; daily receipts
abcut $40: rent $45: good business; value in
sight. R. G. WILKE. 2«H Kearny st.
A — ?550; OYSTER and chop house; close 10
Ellis and Mason ru. : rent $35; worth at
least $300: rare opening. See R. G.
WILKE. 2t5*i Kearny st.
A — $5000: CORNER grocery and bar; cash
business: store receipts about $00 per day:
bar receipts about $20; owner will sell for
cash or trade for property at the actual
value of $5000. Call R. G. WILKE, 26V4
Kearny st.
A— $2600; CORNER grocery and bar. on PcweU
ct.; 5 years' lease; rent $40; business estab.
years and first-class paying; value in sight.
_ Call It^G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — $5000; THE leading saloon In manufacturing
town of aNout oCuO inhabitant* ; 5 years'
leave; rent Imv full value in sight; first-clats
paying business; about 2m miles from S. F.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2«H Kearny et.
A— $22OO; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
«tore; established years: rent $55; monthly
sales about $1500; a first-class paj-ing busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26fi Kearny st
A — $750; CIGAR stand on Market s t.; rent $ttf;
one cf the best-located stands and a buEic*s»
where fullest investigation U solicited: *
bargain. Cal! R. G. WILKE. 28'^ Kearny.
A — $8000; CORNER grocery and bar with 5
years' lease; rent $75: 2 horses; 2 wagons;
average cash store trade $-500 per month;
daily bar receipts $25; full value In sight;
location the best in the city. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st
A— $450: PLUMBING and gaifittirtg shop on
Fi'.lmore t\.; rent $26; owners must s»ll at
once, as they, are enraged In another busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE. .26*^ Kearny st.
A— $3000: GROCERY store: established many
years and doing a large cash business,
located close to Market and Sixth sts.; a
good paying business; investigate and you
rind a \eiy rare business opening. Call l\.
G. WILKE. 26V, iOarny st.
A — $750: SALOON on Montgomery St.: plac«
established, years; owner clearing about $125
per month; investigate: a bargain. Call R.
G. WILKE. 264 Kearny *t.
A— $3000; CORNER f.aloon: cicse to Call bids.:
3 years" lease: net rent $120; this is one of
the bert caloon locations in this city, and
a live roan can clear SEOO per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2«»i Kearay ft.
A — $1800: CORNER cigar etand on Kearny:
rent $83: lease; a good business :• ccme an4
Investigate. R. G. WILKE. 26'j Kearny st.
A— $1100; SALOON. Tilth 3 rooms; close to
Kearny and Bush sts.; rent $75; lease; place
easily clears $200 per tncntli; nice fixtures.
choicest etock of liquors. All particulars of
R. G. WILKE. 26'a Kearny et.
A— $650; CORNER bakery] with 4^ living
rooms; about 2 blocks north of Market St.;
¦will be sacrificed if sold at once; owners to
leave city. Call TUG. WILKE. ?6H Kfamr.
A — J75O; CANDY store and icecream parlors,
with stationery, etc.. on Devlsaderu st. ; j
living rooms: a splendid location and gocd
business. Set R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A— $12C0: COFFEE saloon and baksry In
choicest location: rent $80; dally receipts
about $70; a good business but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G, WILKE. 26»j Kearny st.
T. J. DUNN & CO.. Phone Howard 34GS.
Business Sales Agents,
Suite -^03, 1312 Market st
Callaghan Building.
We are rapidly collecting a new and desir-
able list of all kinds of business places for
sale. Our books are entirely new. If you do
not see advertised exactly what you want,
come have s^ talk with us. We can please you.
MILLINERY 6tore, commercial center of city; :
old est abli shed, exquisite stock, select pa-
trons; 5-year lease; easy rent; near Kearny: -
price 52250. includes fixtures; reason for '
selling, made enough to retire. Exclusively
with DUNN.
CIGAR- More, Market at.; at invoice; bona flde
proposition ; $1200; good place; good lease.
DUNN. "
DAIRY and rout*. . near by town: 12 cows, (
horses, wagon, can*, etc.; $800. DUNN.
CANDY store; 'superb location; small rent; .
small Investment; large, lucrative business;
lease; bear Inspection: best opportunity ever
offered; at half Invoice; price $750;' reason. •
poor health. DUXN.
HOTEL and bar, near by country town; old :
established; pays well; value in slgtit; lease; ]
S5 rooms; this is O K; $3500. DUNN.
BOOKS and" statlcnsry, centrally located, at '
less than 'invoice; $700., See DUNN.
Hotels, lodging-bouses, cigar, candy, grocery,
delicacy, millinery, book and notion stores too •
numerous to mention: Come and Bee us. 1
T. J. DUNN fc CO.
EPECIAL bargains tn select lodging-houses '
Hotels.
R»f<taurants, groceries, ;
Delicacy stores, bakeries,
Candy stores, notion stores
At greatly reduced prices. _ . - <
PETF.REEN nEALTT CO.. 1035 Market st
FOUNDRY, well established (n city; gr>od pay- I
Ing buslnes*. brass and iron; rent only $30;
clearing $400 monthly; great .opportunity; .
plant worth $4300; buyer can get control for t
only $1500. . MUTUAL INVESTMENT CO.,
4«7 Parrott butldlnx.
A SNAP FOR CASH. *
Only drug store In railroad town In . bay -
county; decease of owner necessitates a ¦i
quick sale for cash; vtock gauranteed to be
Al as to salability. good condition and eelec- *
tlon; health resorts surround town: fine open-
lng for good surgeon. Box 1417. Call cf flee. «
LIST of flrst-cJafs saloons, groceries, restau- '
rants . .coffee ealoons. cigar stands, country •
merchandise stores, hotel* .etc., for sale or
exchange. EITEL A. CARROLL 212 Kearny
st . phone Red 6692. ..".*•
: . ; ¦ — • 1
POPULAR office man. wanted; must furnish
ca»h: 6 per cent interest and fair salary first .
year: nothing better; no trlflers. See LAWN
437 Parrott building.
$3S0 SECURES Interest In light offlc> work I
whereby party can easily clear $90 monthly-
references exchanged: experience not neces-'
«ar>': live man wanted: bona fide proposition e
Particulars 1007H Market st. room 1 1 " I
FOR SALE— A small hotel, furnished, on 7
Beach Hill. Santa Crux; also famished cot-
tace for rest • Address "J. a.." 66 Wash-
ington it ¦ -¦
BAKERY for sale In a good country town, on _
?^ !O w nt ..? r ««ckne»: ' $200 to $300. Inquire B
40S McAllister st v , .-
HOTEL for rent (furnished) In a country sum- S
. mer. reeort: will. rent very reasonable to re-
sponsible party. Box 4055, CalL -
I nCSI.XgSS CHA*CF:«_CCTn«t»w»«U
II ! A— STRANGERS, ATTENTION!
i. Are you looking tor a sale and prcfltable
5 business opening in San Francisco? If so,
we . can ofl'fr you any number requiring- an
Investment from S100 to $50.(HX>; every busl-
ntes opportunity that patens through our of-
.j lice must stand the closest investigation, and
we cuji iila., you in a store, factory, hotel,
mill, office, or. In fact, any business you
may prefei. ; .
GKRMANIA INVEST. CO.. i»27 Market st.
A— BANK AND COMMERCIAL references.
'.. GERMANIA INVEST. C<J., !C7 Market st.
I. A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can invest jr.GO In a
1. hlgh-claFE real estate office and fill position
ot cashier; experience not necessary; Invest-
* ment secured and $'20 wer-kly guaranteed.
_ GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. »27 Market st.
: A— WE WILL FURNISH YOU A BOND.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. i«7 Market st.
; A— SHIPPING AND TRANSPORTATION.
la A business man who can invest $5000 cash,
with services, can secure good opening with
high-clahus company in this city.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st. -
e A-WK CAN FURNISH YOU A PARTNER.
; GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
* A— HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; 80 rooms; richly lurnlshed,
1 complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing-room wl:h 1C tables and Imported Vienna
; chairs: the best carpets money ' can/ buy
throughout; fim-Et linen and best sllver'serv-
ice; 10 vears' leare: $10.C00; easy terms."
. GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market et.'
' A— WE CAN SELL YOUR STOCK.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. P27 Market st
e — — ¦
I A— $100 REWARD
Will be oaid for leeal proof showing that
any Derson ever lost a dollar who invested
any money In or through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
" Incorporated under the laws of California.
s . Capital stock. S50.C00.
327 Market st.. rooms 321, 322. 323, 324.
£ A — OXI.Y HIGH-CLASS INVESTMENTS,
. GKRMANIA INVEST. CO.. 827 Market st. ..
A— S PER CENT MONTHLY
On investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
" rich-quick" swindle or earnbling scheme, but
a refutable business estab. 3 years In S. F.
j GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market et
; A — WE refer to 10,000 successful client*. :
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market 1st.
- A— A SAFE INVESTMENT.
* $1CCO cafch and services secure interest and
» office of treasurer in an incorporated realty
1 and Investment company; $150 monthly as-
ejrea; highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market Et.
t A— WE CAN SELL YOUR BUSINESS.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
. A— MERCHANTS, ATTENTION!
, Do you wish to en!args your business, or do
; you «J»«ire additional capital? If so. we can
P furnish vou r> - !th an active or silent partner
I who will invpKt from jlflO to $5(».fM»0; we
have a lance number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st
A— Largest brokerage company on Pacific Coast.
; GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. »27 Market St.
A— THE BKST INVESTMENT.
; 1C0 shares cf sold stock of the Norton Bay
Co., $25: will be worth S2C0 by August. 1904.
1 GKRMANIA INVEST. CO.. 1127 Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
1 Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and rhop houses $."'.50 to $1000
Candy and icecream parlors S2C0 to .<2."00
' Harber slicf s $500 to S2oOO
I'iRar >-ta-rds S'<50 to $2<;0t»
Groceries and bars S.'iOt) to $o0*.0
Saloon- $300 to $10,000
Restaurants $350 to $20.00t)
Frui> and vegetable storr* S.1C0 to $1000
Drug stores $20<>0 to SBOCO
Delicatessen stores S2T.0 to 54500
Wood and coal ?250 to $1000
For sale— First-class legitimate mining
propositions that will bear .strict investisa-
ton.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer rexort: fine
grovts; .15-room hotel: all furn'ahed and
c-quipp»<J for business; 20 acres land goes
witli ieas»: raise own hay. vefjetahies; all
kinds of fruit; vnt $500 per year: equity <n
this S2i.O3; dMth jn family cause of sale.
CAMERON & CO,
FOR sale — One of the best restaurant* In city:
oheap ren« : receipts $75 to $100 day: wliw
bear Investigation: price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Ed.Jy ct.
FOR «sle— Ladies' furnishing and fancy goods
busire?s: ohrap .rent; well located: e<>tab-
Usrefl 12 years; will invoice $SdX); sickness.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale^ — Bakery and delicacy store; 'rent $20;
5 living rooms; estab'isho<i S years: mu.*t
l'av» city: price to ck>!=e 5-50. CAMERON
* CO.. .1 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade— Quartz mines; fln» prospect;
located In «'al.: assays $40 to 570 ton; trade
for rmg. -house or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale— Well-lo. zt»d bazaar and- furnishing
goods buEln«-?»: chrap rent; 0U year*' lease;
one of- the b*«t transfer corners in city; do-
ing: fine bu^incsK; otli*r intrrf-ss* cause of
sale: rrii-e. $5000. See CAMERON" & CO
3 Eddy st. ."
FOK sale— Well located and equipped family
liquor store: rent only $35; fixtures $200-
Block will invoice between $400 to S.W»-
must be sold by 1st; other business C\M-
HRON &. CO.. 3 Eddy st.
HAVE you $500"? Eith-r sex: We offe- se-
>ciirity in double amount and good paying po-
sition besides; no risk; -our money alone
can earn $1000 In short time. Room 69, 6
Eddy st.
GENERAL merchandise store for sale In a
¦Towinsr country town or t/HI take a partner
at a «niall per centage over invoice. Box
_1404. Call.
GOOD country hotel in Scnnma County for
rent, with stable and grounds. For particu-
lars address box 3534, Call.
BUTCHER shop and fixtures complete with 1
room, or suitable for branch store; rent $15
For keys. 3&0ti Mission «t.
$650— BEST corner clear stand In c-lty of Oak-
land and good business corner. THE ALDEN
; CO.. 111S Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sale or trade— Home bakery, candy and
delicatessen store: over $25 per- day; investi-
_, gale. C474 Mission St. . " ¦
HAT. and .grain business for eal<»: horses and
wagons; well established: $1650. Address
hvx 354G. Call.
CAPITAL wanted to enlarge established proflt-
/ able "wholesale business;, refs. exchanged.
Box 317.1. Call.
A — BARBEK shop; fine location: best bargain
In city; $225. BROWN CO.. 1221 Market st.
A FIRST-CLAPS massare parlor for sale, on
easy terms. 704 Larkin st.
FOR rale cheap— P.akery and restaurant;
must be sold. Call at 782 Mission st
$52!l— ESTABLISHED: money back if not sat-
isfactory; investigate. 510 Tele, av., Oakland.
$050— ELECT R IC-LIGHTED candy and pastry
store; 3 furnished room*. Box 3132, Call.
Horseradish grinding & delicatessen business;
good reason for selling. 2401 Mission st.
OYSTER and chop house for sale: good loca-
tlon; cheap rent; living room. 1 Sth st.
WANTED — To buy a delicacy store; give loca-
tion and crlce. Box 302*5, Call.'
$178 — FINE corner cigar stand: fine stock; «
good trade: *ee owner., 118-Thlrd .st. ,'.v '
WANTED — To buy candy store; give price and "
fall particulars. Address box 1491. Call. J
$300— TOUNG man with above amount $100 ,'
month guaranteed. Box 3146, Call. 1
FOR . sale-^Coffee and chophouse, with cash "
register; $100. 642 Commercial st.
A GOOD investment for man or woman. Per- i
fume Palace. 77S Market ft.
A^r" TO vv " r ' 2
MILL VALLRY.— Completely furnished cottage •
5 rooms. 'bath. $40. Apply H22 O'Farrell : at! 4
COTTACES-SUBUBB/.H. *
FURNISHED - cottage. 7 room*, hath- Fair
Oaks, near Menlo Park. A. ROY 1IARIU-
PON. 140 Geary at _
: ....... -\
Y^^oo^iccTxonjoTrwpn.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections- made: -
city cr country. . ¦ Pacific . Collection Co.. 4JS J
Montgomery, rooms 3-10: tel. Main 6S80.*/' ¦ ' .
. ¦*- CBSOIT CJMOTXtRMa. / t
C. F. ADAMS. CO." '"-'¦'/¦' Y^"- ~ "
SPECIAL: CREDIT STORE. . c
We clctbs the whole ;famliy from hits to
shoes;- everything up to date at cash prices.* 7
Credit 'for all. 313 Maxon »t. ¦'-¦' .— --¦ •
csoTKnra atimroTATnfCK ', '."":•¦- *
EUITS . cleaned = and ¦' pressed, $ I ; scouring and *-
dyeing. Bon " Harche. 40 Kills st.. room 14; F
Vhone Drutnm 44, . Call for and deliver free.
•.. ' . ... DE5TISTS.
0. DR. GRUSS, 516 Callaghan bldg.; Market and
' McAllister st*.. uses the Basford obtunder;
id the only devic* ever Invented for grinding.
• drilling and excavating teeth without pain.
Call for demonstration. ' Tel. Jessie 3606. ..'
t- DR. LUDLUM Hl£l^l443 Market.nr.Eleventh
p : — No charge for extracting when plates are
1; made; ola plates made over like new; teeth
it. from $8 per set; ' extracting 50c: gas given.
A NEW plate^ — The Whalebone — cannot break;
0 warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings. 60c:
1. plates, $5; full set: all work painless -and
.1 warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
* Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teetK^$l 50 up; crowns. $2 up;filllngs,23c. '
y ARTHUR CHISHOLM. - surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
b GOLD fillings. 1 75c; silver, 35c: crowns. $2; no
e pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttr.
&**^—^ S»WS»iaB»BBBBB»B»a«s^B^BaB»>JM»a«BBam»»B«WWB»s»aya»^BB«BBBlamBM ,
IJKES.VM \KKK.S ASH SKAMSTUK^SKS
Accordion, sunburst' and knife-plaiting; doubl*
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
. EDDCATIOJTAl^
AT home in our new 'quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study In the entire West. New. complete,
extensive departments. " Thorough, inspiring
instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
- CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 001-
825 Golden Gate ave.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
' ket St.; established 18 years; the school that
secures positions for graduates: Just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position;.' Gregg
shorthand Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
- College. 1236 Market st.
LEARN SPANISH In two months; classes in
French and Spanish. $5 a month.
. B. F. AMES. Teacher of Languages,
268 Golden Gate ave.. cor. Hyde st.
WANTED — People to know that the California
Business College has opened a department in
telegraphy In charge of. an old R. R. opera-
tor. S25 Golden Gate ave.
HEALD'S School of Mines&Electriclty, 24 Post
et., S. F.; a practical school of engineering:
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mln., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 1364. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hail.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs., Sat. and Sun.;
'lasses Mondays, Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing/ 1556 Market, nr. Larkln.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be coin-
peteVt stenographers. 1382 Market: catalog.
WESTERN Business CoIlege;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth..
spelling, writing, etc.; day, eve.: $4 mo. eve.
DANCING— Professor Flndlay has reopened his
Juvenile classes at Findlay's Hall, 17th St.;
Saturday 2 to 5; private lessons dally.
G. MANSFIELD, teacher of violin, guitar,
mandolin, banjo. 426 O'Farrell st. 1
SPANISH— A practical and progressive method.
_RAFAEL SERRANO, 530 California, r. 4.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 828 Halght st.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION i Day and
PARTIXGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
PIANO lessons, 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
rp?n«d at 10C8 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 o. *m.
gf EMPLOYMENT OFFICES^
GEORGlT AOKinJfiPost ~st?TteL~T^sh~ii5^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
imsIk-s- best help; contracts for farm help; etc.
A— OKPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 42t5 Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
FRITZ'S Erhp. Office; Japanese and Chinese-
help. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 168.
RF.LIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fii-e; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINESE and Japar.es* help; estab. 20 years.
Tel Main 19H7.- BRADLEY .' CO.. 640 Clay.
I3MPLOYMEST WAKTED PEMALB.
A SCOTCH cook, with R years' references from
last place, wants a situation In city or coun-
try. Call up Main 5472; not under $40. MISS
425 Sutter st., near Powell.
FIRST-CLASS young Swedish cook, best of
references, city or country, can be seen at
J. F. CROSETT &. CO.'S. 3^4 Sutter Et.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation to do
general housework in the city or a short dis-
tance in the country; is a good cook. 227
' Minna st.
COMPETENT woman wants housework; good
cook and laundress; city or country. Box
313», Call office. •
GF.RMAN young lady wishes to take care of
child in Alameda, Oakland or Berkeley;
craod references. 1559 Turk st.,San Francisco.
A GOOD laundress would like washing and
ironing or cleaning to do by the day. Call
at 958 Mission st. -
STRONG, competent woman and daughter
want work torether; daughter light second
work or care children. Call 1163 Market st.
A SWEDISH girl wlshts place to do general
housev.-ork. Please call at 923% Howard st.
WANTED — Housework by competent ¦ woman,
or day work. Call 1163 Market st.
STENOGRAPHER — Thoroughly competent
stenographer and typist, with commer-
. clai education and long experience, seeks po-
sition: !« rapid and accurate and accustomed
to difficult dictation: highest references as
to both character and ability. Box 3232. Call.
YOUNG /German couple want positions with
good family; man Is perfect as nurse and
masseur, understands all domestic work,
gardener and can handle horses. Address
box 1493. Call office. _.
A HOSPITAL nurse, speaking French and Eng-
lish, will nurse invalid, attend doctor's of-
fice, travel, or accept other suitable occupa-
tion 1 . Box 3203, Call office.
MAN and wife with baby wish position on
farm; wife to cook, husband to make him-
self useful. Apply 357% Minna St., between
Fourth and Fifth; call before 3 o'clock.
STRONG, woman wishes house and window
: cleaning, $1 50; best references. 1518A How-
ard st. : .
YOUNG lady wishes position as cashier in
restaurant. Address H. P.. box 1367. Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day, house-
cleaning. $1 50 and carfare. Call or address
MRS. OSGOOD. 115 Hayes st.
A YOUNG "woman wants work by the day:
washing and housecleaning; $1 50 a day and
car fare. 1545 Minna st.
DANISH lady. . just from Denmark, wishes
chamberwork or housework. Apply MRS.
L. WESTERGARD. 214 Ellis st.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day:
cooking washing or cleaning. Address MRS.,
M. K.. 913 Natoma st.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a position
to do general housework or chamber work.
Addreca 2738 Bryant «t. '
RELIABLE, competent vroman wishes position
as cook where second girl is kept. 1128
" Broadway. -''"¦• . - ¦• ¦
REFINED Finnish lady • wishes some kind of
¦ light housework; no, wash.- ,1161 Howard st.
POSITION wanted by German girl; cookins.
general housework. P. O. box 303. Berkeley.
A YOUNG German girl would like a situation
In a small family. Call at 11S3 Filbert St.
ADVERTISEMENTS. Subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT- ads' an^ subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EJIPLOVMEST W'ASTEb— MALE.
EXPERIENCED clerk, best referentes. wants
any kind o' office work; $40 to start. Box
3741. Call office. ,
GROCERY clerk wishes pcsttlon In - city, or
-. country. store;, Al references. Box 3124, Ca^l.
WANTED — By , experienced : night ' watchman
position In factory. ¦ warehouse or wholesale
1 : . house: ¦ first-class references. - Address ' J. V.
; QUENTIN. 3121 Sixteenth St.. San Francisco.
A- BRIGHT young '.man. good all-round clerk,
some experience In underwear business, not
afraid - of .work. - wants position; .best refer-
ences. .H.M.. 1115 Steiner st.
PLUMBER. (licensed) .wants work by the day
" or -week * from ! property .owner; has all - nec-
essary shop tools. Box •1452.;, Call office. ~
RELI ABLE.V sober - man • wants .' garden ¦ work,
flowers or vegetables. - Bvx 3182,' Call officer > 1
r~* r\(~w\ dci ia D! r pa r>* ni r i irf h may be had for
LjOUD, KcLlABLfc, CAraBLb HbLP ¦¦.the asking—THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLr MONDAY. APRIL 25. 1004:
9
HELP WAXTE^WE-- Qontlnned.
WANTED— A first-class wrapper: no others
need sruily. Call at S. N. WOOD & CO.'S.
740 Market et. .
A GOOD underpresser on vests; also a young
man to learn underpresslng. Apply R.
Thomas, foreman. 43 Geary et. S. N, WOOD
& CO. . ...
WANTED— Pants ©ptrators. Apply at once,
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 49 Geary st.
WANTED — Pants finishers- Apply S, N,' WOOD
& CO.. 27 Geary .it- -,
MEN— The Original- John A. Moler of Denver
will open one of his famous barber colleges
in Los Angeles about May 1 : first 10 stu-
. dents, half price: this will be the largest. .
meet complete and modern barber college In I
America; write for terms. JOHN A. I
MOLER. I.-OB Angeles, Cal.
WANTED— Young man who is experienced in
silverware. - clocks and jewelry; one capable
of repairing clocks and mending broken Jew-
elry. Apoly between 9 and 11 a. m., at
HALE BROS.'
BARBERS — Shop for gale; established 25
years; 4 chairs; center of Oakland; fine trade; .
etc.: cheap. Call or write. 45!) Twelfth ft., \
Oakland. .
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Ro'kln. Rfno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver Housn,
Third et. ; 220 rooms; 25c to 5Oc per night,
TRY cur men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair: foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
exprers or mail charges. 11 3d et.,Exam. bid.
W A NTED— Dish washer in restaurant. 113
Turk st.
COATMAKERS to take work out.'" BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. Ml Market st.
WANTED — 10 ooatrr.akers; lots of work,
fccotch Puld^Tallors, 1009 Market st.
BARBERS — One of the best shops downtown
for seJo. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis.
WANTED — 2 or 3 men to canvas from wagoa
!n city. C. F. ADAMS CO., 31S Mason st,
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work Inside. 1103 I
Market st.
SOLICITOR for tjqeiness college; commission..
Box 1123. C»U"offic«. .
SAILORS and young men (creen hands) for
shlpg. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson st.
FOlf sale — Furniture of 1-chair barber shop;
shop to let. 919 Capp st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy.. r. 415.
COATMAKER or bushelman for country. Ap-
ply REIES BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
.YOUNG man to learn barber trade: wages
while learning. 741A Howard st.
YOUNG men. sailors, blacksmiths, carpenters,
green hnnd*; f °r Ehlpa. Herman's. '£7 Steuart.
Pens-ior. Atty.. E. A. Bullis, r. 40. I'belan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Poet, G. A. R-
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 700 room*; «5c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry-
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
pt advertisement* and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Oprn until 11 p. m. '
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price, r.63 Mission Ft., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your Fhoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c 663 Mission et.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
IIOHSKS All) WAG OSS.
FOR sale — A bargain; one high whael. rubber-
tired buggy, shafts, pole, and double set har-
ness to match; has been used only 4 times;
cost $320; will be sold for cne-half; can be
seen at Ed Freund's. 80S Isabella St., Oak-
land. Cal. WILLIAM BARTLETT. Crock-
ctt, Cal.
WE guarantee all horses eold by u« to be as
represented; If you want to buy, sell or ex-
change anything in our line, give us a call.
Auction &ale every Monday at 11 o'clock at
615 Ellis st. S. WATKIN8, Auctioneer.
AUCTION sale of homes every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. 3'J7 Sixth St.; ever>' hors« must be
ae represented or money refunded.? JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer. '
ALL kinds of buggies, surreys and wagons, une
pony cart, one pony buggy, one top- wagon,
for sale cheap. 1504-S Folsom at. i
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Centra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, J9U Stevenson, . S. . F.
SECOND-HAND open hacks, wasronettes. 3-
seaters and business buggies. CORVILL
MANUFACTURING CO.. 48 Eighth St.
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— Next
«e* sion begins June 6. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELEY. 510 Golden Gate ave.
FIRST-CLASS covered camping wagon; cheap.
329 Noe ct., near Sixteenth and Market.
FOR sale — Mare 7 years old, work single or
double; gentle. Box 3564, Call office.
WANTED— A horse for lady to drive. Box
. 3517. Call office.
FOR sale — A gentle saddle horse, 8 years old.
Box 14O3. Call office.
A FINE saddle horse for eale; $60. Box 3514,
Call office.
A MARE for sale; 7 years old, single-footer.
Box 3025. Call office.
FOR sale — Brown horse: 7 years old, gentle and
sound. >pox 3521, ,Call office.
WANTED — Coach horse, any color, about 16.2
hands, 1200 lbs. W. W., 2955 Sacramento st.
FOR -sale— Cheap; butcher or grocer wagon;
light surrey. W. W., 2955 Sacramento st.
FOR aele — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1215.
Call office. .-
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons. Jiar-
ness. work and driving horses. ISth-Valencia,
HOUSES TO LE3T.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
qilar. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
PERRY. 204, near Fourth — $7; bouse of 3
rooms; water free. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
6 CO., 20 Montgomery st.
LANGTON St., off Bryant— 4 rooms, yard and
basement: $11. Apply G. A. LEROUX. 29
New Montgomery st.
$35— HOUSE 8 rooms, bath. 1720 Baker st.,
near California.
HOiSES TO LK'I — Kl'UNiSUBD.
A COMPLETELY furnished house, 7 large
/unny rooms and bath; large yard and base-
''ment; 104 Pierce St., near Haight; references
required. Inquire 9 to 11 a. m. and 5 to
7 p. m.
BUNNY, elegantly furnished house. 10 rooms, 2
baths, laundry, garden and yard. 419 Oak.
LAPKCHE8 FOB XZB.H.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
«t. ; for pleasure and business ; tel. Bush 534.
LAUNCHES TOR SALE.
J. MICHAELIS Launch Co., Unlon-st. wharf;
boating and excursions. Office 5 Steuart st. ;
phone John 2C8B. . - ..
LOST A.VU FOUND.
$50 REWARD— Strayed or stolen, April 8, from
Geary and Market sts., bay. horse with white
foot branded; 74 under mane; business
buggy, red gear I and dark body. Return to
1550 Green st. ; tel. Geary 2732; no questions.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of JOHN J. REGLI (No/ 276-753).
The finder will please return to bank.
LEFT on 4:10 San Jose train, sterling silver
handled umbrella; monogram "C. B. P."
Please return Palace Hotel to H. P. Taylor;
\ reward. :. ¦ ¦ -¦
LOST — A gold watch on 7 o'clock train or boat
from Oakland, or the Castro or Kentucky-st,
cars. Saturday. 718 Tennessee st.
LOST— Bilk umbVella, white bone handle, on 1
o'clock Alameda boat; narrow gauge, Tues-
day. ZbS Hayes et. ; reward.
LOST— April 19, large skiff (lead color). Please
notify Marin Boathouse, Sausalito, .and: re-
ceive reward. /. ''/¦¦ .- - ¦
LOST— diamond, and sapphire, pin, . between
Cliff House^ park and ferry. Return to 838
Alice st.. Oakland: reward.. .
LOST— Pearl pin, Saturday. 23d. Return to
7«1 Chestnut st.; liberal reward^ f
i $50 REWARD— Lost, black purse containing
diamond stud. AL. W. LEVY, 415 Turk at.
LOST — Irish setter dosr. Return to 1121 De-
vlaadero St.: reward. :¦¦ ' , * ' '
FOUND— Fox terrier bitch. Call at 2238
Pine st. ' . ;
LOST — Alligator pocketbook: . sll. bound, sll.
lnlt. F. G.; rwd $5. PHIL S. BEEL, 129 Clay.
LOST— Gold class . pin [ with, letters Habeaux.
Return to 453 Fourteenth St.. ¦ city.
LOST— Diamond rlnr^ Return -to 214 Freder.
lckst.; liberal re war*
MOXEY TO i LOAX— Con Hnqed. -
ANY amount quickly pn: furniture or ptapo,
without removal pr pther security; no com.;
fairest rates; Etrjqtjy confidential. National
Credit Co., 6§ Donohoe blag,, 1170 Market st.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
«t.- (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484..
HIGHLY respectable : private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
840 Market; tej. Main 1644. Branch. 10 Third.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
. quiet, confidential. 28 Montgomery St., rm- 7.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, ailver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth at.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office. HOUVa Brdwy., suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other Eecurjty. S. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages.
TlTe Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust. Co., 21 Stockton st.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room SI. 0 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano, 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building, 708 Market st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndor»er, MORELL. 6C'J Examiner building.
> MONEY WASTED.
WANTED — A loan of $10,000- for a term of
years at 8 per cent per annum on real estate.
Address box 3014. Call office.
Mr^IOA^jrNSTRUMENTS^
A SPLENDID BARGAIN' LIST:
1 Erard; upright; good order $50 :
1 Bord; upright: good order 60
1 Belmont; new; walnut case 140
1 Sterling', walnut case: lt>5
1 Leins; walnut case; fine order 175
1 Mendelssohn; oak case 100
1 Rudolph; used three months 215
1 Checkering; ebony case ;... 225
1 Curtaz; mahogany case;' used 18 mo... 260
1 Steck;. full size rosewood case :. 3C0
1 Steinway; fine order H25
1 Vose; mahogany case; used 7 mo 340
1 Knabe; used one year; walnut case; easy
payments: fully guaranteed. BENJ. CUR-
TAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
RENTING is our specialty; $2 up; apply .on
purchase: Installments $4 up. HEINE
PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary St.; Oakland. 1252
Broadway. '. ' ' ' ' '
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos,
$25- uprights $100 up; organs. $25. BYRON
MAUZY. SOS Post st
IF you want bargains come now; pianos almost
given away. HORNUNG. 218 McAllister' st.
$165— STEINWAY upright; private party; no
reasonable cash "offer refused. 237 Geary st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. HCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up. ;Chlckerlng baby grand;
Shoninger. little uyed. Keefte's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
SOHMER Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecllian piano
player. HTRON MAUZY. 303-312 Post Ft.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FOLSOM, 935— Nice store. 3 rooms; suitable
grocery or any nice business: rent $40.
PERSONALS.
A fresh, smooth and young looking face,"
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forget the name, Al. ELLA HARRIS.
The number, 781 O'Farrell St.. near Larkin.
Call or write for book, free,
"Hints on Beauty."
1 THE HERMANN SANITARIUM.
Insomnia, mental and nervous diseases cured: !
liquor, and- drug habits; massage; medicated
baths; country place Lake Co,; terms to phy-
sicians; call or write. 1375 Waller, bet. Ma-
sonic ave. and Ashbury st. ; tel. Fell S37.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching ecalp: no stain . or sticldness;
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1838 Polk.
A— MICROTINE, a positive cure for catarrh,
cold in the head, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial .affections: send for free, sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO..- 272 Oth.
Cancerous lumps, sores, Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth , bonea, etc.), speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply .Central -
Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
A FINE Bult to order on easy installmenta_pf
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mark«fst.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write. DR.
G. S, MOORE. 332 O'Farrell et. k
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 300— Corner laundry, ,
barber shop, cigars, tobacco, newspapers; .
suits cleaned.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
812 Shotwell; consultation free; call or write.
SOCIAL dances Wed., Thurs., Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays, Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing, 1556 Market, nr. Larkin.
LADIES, try tho Gem facial ma£9age device
and electric pulsator. 517 Taylor st.
PRIVATE detective; city or country; thorough-
ly reliable. Box 1420. Call office.
"VITAL Ring" cures weak men; $2 60, po.«t
paid. DR. BURNARD & CO.. 140 Geary. S.F.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 pernnreek.'
NEUHAU8 & CO. (inc.), tailors, 729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Travers, 1170 Market/
Actina restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO., 3524 10th, nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 069 Sut-
ter, r. 609. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play book.«. wlg9;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptlon Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color, $1; at all druggists'.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 615
Taylor St., near Geary. Phone Black 5(il.'
PAINTING. PAPEBgAJCMrlHO, ETC.
PAINTING, papering and tinting done cheap;
" all work done first class. Tel.' Larkin 4171.
i PHYSICIANS AND SURGEOX*.
DR cTc. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021^4 Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases 'of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 H Market st. .
REMOVED— DR. ; WONG HIM.' herb doctor:
treats all diseases, of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st., .near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG f PO CH Y, successor to | Dr. LI Po
- Tal. herb doctor, cures alt diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 -Washington st."
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
cages cured by Chinese herbs. 743-8 Clay st.
.*?*- R .A. P. 1 ?. . A? D .. W A RE HO 0 SB *» -
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
781 Howard st.V'nr. Third; phone Grant 1(51.
A— GILBERT i &' STOLL Storage Co. ; storage,
packing.- shipping warehouse, G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1236 Market,: r. 84; tel. South 750.
PJF.RCE-RODOLPH* Storage &. Moving Co., of-
fice Post?and Powellsts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLJN'S Storage— Furniture I and merchan-
dise. 333. Golden Gate ave. ; phone East. 12U.
GOLDEN ">West Storage; advances made. • 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941.- F. W. Zehfu?3.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
¦_v pany. . 2320 . FlHmore st, ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINSiVan and. Storage Co.," 11-Montgo— ie-y
St.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping »tt cut rates.
DIVIDEND WOTICBS.y r
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
f Ing 'Society, "5th floor/ Mutual Savings Bank
-building. 708 Market - St.. ' opposite i Third—
For tb*. half year ending, 31st of December,
. , 1903, a dividend . has " been - declared at th*
¦ rat* cer annum of (12) twelve per cent oo
capital stock " and - participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and. after SATUR-
DAY, r January 3. » 1 9O4J JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD, j Manager. HUGH . CRAIG, Secretary.
REAL ¦ _EST/^E^ITY.~FOR %&£n.
$1.25 PER WEEK, no interest. Lots in the j
Excelsior Homestead Tract; all level; no
grading to da; ready to b_Ud your little horn*
on; close to electric <"«r» and school.
W. J, WHITE, .
20 Montgomery St., room 6.
¦ •' ¦ ¦ -• ' v ' ' ' - "• '-."•.¦
THREE flfty-var» lots on Lombard *st., near
Buchanan, at a bargain; fine site for flats;
back to S5-foot street; 50-vara lot on Grov*
and Lett sts.; good Investment, for bulldsrs.
&ELBY. . RODGER5 & CO., .'US Calif ornla.
$100 DOWN and $20 per month for cottage,
5 rooms and bath; 162 Clipper st,
$100 down, and $20 per month for cottage,
5 rooms and bath; on Elirabeth et.
D. COFFIN ft CO., 3303 MUsionst.
IF you want a house or lot in . the -city or
across the bay lrr Berkeley, Oakland or. Ala-
meda call on KOTHERMEL & CO.. 507 Cali-
fornia et.
&2 ACRES in bay; 1 * j miles from Esparto,
Yolo Co.; caeh or exchange lot S. F. or Oak-
land; value $2000. S. H. TARR, Parrott bldg. j
JUST complel«sd— 2 6-room, 2-story houses./ 4377 '
Seventeenth St.; Cantro or, IStb cars;' $500 1
| down. $35 XB9- See MOISE. 220 Sansome st. j
WANTED — A buyer jQjr'eottage . in city; all j
improvement*; easy .tTr*>; price $1800; po'
agents^ Cox 1CS1, Call office.
CHEAP— 16B«, J700, 1702 San Jose ave.; ln-
etallment houses; Guerrero-street cars pass
door; Icok at perfect construction.
BUILD your/unimproved realty; we loan full
eoEt lmprov.- and part lot at 6?J. MANHATS.
TAN SAVINGS BANK. Crocker building.
ALL work guaranteed first class by ALH-
JBACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard st.
HEAL ESTATE Country-— Kor Sale.
/ W, X T WHITE,
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
$12,600 — Splendid stock ranch and general
farm, 2B0O acres; A miles from Courthouse,
Mendoclno County; 200 acres tillable: 2 com-
plete sets of farm buildings; well supplied with
water and an abundance of liv* oak- timber;
th«re are several patches suitable for alfalfa.
. $8000— Only 8V4 miles of Geyeervllle. the Gem
Of Sonoma County; Y* mile good school; rural
mail delivery;: 50 acres: 30 acre* rich bottom
land; 2 acres. orchard; 15 acres vineyard, all,
bearing: 5 acres alfalfa; well fenced and cross
fenced; 5-room house, 2 good barns, nice spring;
have other bargains In this superb section.
$3500— Mile and a half of St- Helena; 1C5
acres, CO und«r cultivation, « acres bearing
orchard, 5 acres vineyard; water piped-' to
buildings; fine 2-story residence, stable, barn,
carriage-house; once refusW $12,000 cash.
$600— Only I mile- of town; JJO acres; house,
trees, vines, 'berries: 15 acres bottom land;
pKcer and quartz- gold; 2 garden-patches, out-
side range, tcols, furniture; forced sale.
S-100tj — Near" Merced City, on main road; 40
acres rich land; 5 acres bearing olives, 10 acres
alfalfa. 5% acres bearing orchard; 2 wells; all
under aitcb; fine cottage, 5 roorcs; steel wind-
mill and tank; good barn, toolhouse. granary,
poultry houses. Incubator houses; nice lnconie;
cash or trade bay counties property. . '
ALKALFA LANDS.
Rich black land, near Stockton, subdivided
In small tracts at $05 per acre; one-third of
crop with plat*..
Adjoining the town of Lodi, both bearing
vineyard land' and unimproved under ditch;
$125 to $l(jj per acre. •»•-
$50 per acre; 10 acres up; under ditch; 4%
miles from Lodi, on main county road; also
land en the Stanislaus ditch as low as $45 an
acre. . - . ,
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
I have several parties with good . Income
property to trade for cheap country homes; also
lodging-houses; many ca»b Dryers; list your
ptoperty. ' - - ..
$2500—60 acres; 5 miles from Santa Cruz; 20
acres under cultivation, balance rolling and
some rteep: small orchard and vineyard, bear-
ing: rood 7-room bouse, barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure: $500 down and - balance
monthly payments If desired. . «
$10,000 — In Sonoma County; 800 acres well
fenced In 3 fields; house; 3 large barns; dairy-
house; well watered; 2C0 acres tillable; all
level; 24 acres 8-year-old orchard: 30 head cat-
tle; 20 boss; farming Implements, etc.; $5000
mortgage: trad* for bay property.
$3250 — 20 acres sandy loam, only 2l£ miles
of Petaluma; house.C rooms and bath:part cash.
$6000 — Best ranch in Bouthern Oreson; 320
acres; 2 sets good Improvements; well fenced;
orchard; 5 horses; farming toots; outside- range.
$4500—30 acres close to Morgan Hill. Santa
Clara County;- 20 acres bearing orchard, and
vineyard- 10 acres hill, pasture;- nice: hard
flnUhed-<ottage-d' 5 rooms; outbuildings; fine
income; would trade for- Income city property.
• $1100 — Only 6 miles from Courthouse; 80
acres; orchard, vineyard, house, outbuildings;
part cash; near Red Bluff.
$17,000— Finest ranch In San Joaquin County,
between' Stockton and Lodi; water near sur-
face; good house, outbuildings, bam, coirals;
450 acres rich land, 1 mile of Calaveras. River.*
on moin road ;' mortgage $9C00; would trade for
first-class property near city. *
$4500 — Near Newcastle; 21 acres: ' oranges,
cherries, peaches, lemons, plums and apples;
nmall but nice house; "only $1500 down; have
bargains In this vicinity from $1000 up. .
$2250—10 acres, all In apricots Just com-
mencing to bear; 6 miles from San Jose; lovely
hoire; half cash. ¦• ..- ¦
$1700— In Sonoma City; 3% acres; all level;
good house, barn, windmill, tankhouse; 13
poultry houses and yards; some alfalfa; spring
wagon; 500 chickens ;. feedhouse. - -
$25U0 — Only 2 miles from San Jose; 4 acres;
2% acres bearing orchard; hard' finished- cot-
tage. 5 rooms; stable, windmill and tank;
cheap. ' -, '¦
$3500 — 13C acres east of San Jose, 125 acres
In bay; good soil. .
Send" stamp for printed list.
W. J. WHITE. 2U Montgomery St.. room 5.'
PROPERTY -EXCHANGES A . SPECIALTY.
Full charge taken of property: • - '-
$38CO— BARGAIN for Immediate sale; 15 acres
valley land, close to large town. Alameda
County; 10 acreain bearing vineyard, some
fruits; house 8 rooms, barn. ,- 10,000-gallon
"tank and mill; ¦ complete arrangements for
poultry raising; a model and productive
home; owner a .non-resident and must be
sold; call and see photos at this offl.»:.
H H. CRANE.. 5C8 California st.
114-ACRE hom» property; short walk from
R. R. depot; Alaroetla County; is. a perfect
' climate; .comfortable house. 5 rooms., barn,
outbuildings... mill and 5uOO-gallon tank: 2
acres In full-bearing vineyard;' balance fine
open pasture; surroundings first class; fine
• natural trees, beautiful scenery, etc.; price.
$2500 for Immediate. sale; easy terms If de-
sired; owner non-resident. H. H. . CRANE,
508 California at. ...
GREAT .bargain — Rich. Irrigated farms; big
canal; -free- water right; Very cheap; easy
terms;' homeseeker'a opportunity. C. - M.
WOOSTER CO.. S48 Market St.
NICE place, consisting of about half acre of
ground - and cottage In Paso • nobles, known
as the health resort of California; this place
for sale or.- exchange for ¦ Alameda County
property; worth $2400. Address 363 Twelfth
St., Oakland, Cal. . ,.
SMALL tracts at El Verano, Sonoma County;
fine poultry farms; 44 miles rrom San Fran-
cisco; station at the land; fare $1 05; send
for our catalogue; easy terms. Branch office
there. PETERS & BAINES, 116 Montgom-
1 ery st. ; - '- • - ¦ . .. 'f-^-r.
ALFALFA lands.', stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards' Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. CM. WOOSTER CO.. 643
• Market st. • ; ¦
Al 20 ACRES 1n Alameda. County. 18 acres in
vineyard, choice wine, grapes; some fruits;
comfortable house, etc.; , owing to recent
death of owner the widow will sell for $3C0O,
including personal property. - H..H. CRANE,
508 California st. . . -.
IF you ere looking for land In any of the bay
•"Counties, farms, alfalfa or fruit lands.-stock
and timber lands, call on ROTHERMEL&
CO.. 507 California at >.' ¦::.--
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
~" r'FACrORY~OR WAREHOUSE~iiT_{r~"
1% acres, fronting on! rights. of way of both
Southern Pacific and. Santa Fe railroads; ex-
ceptional facilities for shipping over both
roads; elevated and' well drained; Cheapest
land having samp advantages on. the market.
See . J. H. MACDONALD & CO.. 1C52 Broad-
way,. Oakland -• , -» •
SEWING MACHINES AXD SCPPLIES.
AT half or one-third price you can buy a new-
White sewing machine that -Is slightly shop
- worn, at our city offices. 300 Post st., 1841
r-Flllmore"and-708'.Valencia et. ~ / -"" - '."*
RENT the best; we hare: 100 new White sew-
ing machines for rent at $2- per. month.
WHITE .SEWING MACHINE CO/, 300 Post
St.; telephone Black. 11C6. .: -...,.„ ..-:. '
DOMESTIC— The '. {machine .' for -family une;
best Is cheapest: second-hand all makes- at
-any;. price; all kinds rented lowest rates.
I Domestic office, j 2021 ) Market, near Sixth. •
NEW, HOME— See .our -new triple. feed . ma-
chines: slightly u*ed; $10. $15. $20;. second-
hand, $3.- $5. $8; all styles; guaranteed.' New,
< Home Sewing Machine- Co., 1051 Market at.
'¦¦ '-''-":¦:¦ : ;;8PECIAX.IgTg.^_-^-V'.-'*--'-'
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
¦ .positively oared; new methods'; l week's treat-
. ment free. Dr. Cottingham, 20i Sutter rt.
ALAMEDA ADVEBTIS'MEN'TS
I -UMEDA KEAI, ESTATE.
I ¦• -¦¦ ___ _ — —
; $5230— A RARE bargain; cfcanire of a life-
Cine; two beautiful up-to-date modern *-
room flats on Clinton ave.; bay frontage:
beautiful marine view; elegant syrf.bathlrg;
bathhouses, etc.: this is a rare- chance; den't
: overlook it. HAMMOND _ HAMMOND. 1422
; Park st.
FOR vale— New cottage of 5 rooms, lot 40x100.
, at first cost; terms. J. H. YOUNG, owner
and builder. 12<U Park »t., Alameda. , ,—>
ALAMEDA HOISE5 TO LET-
FURNISHED house to let. « rooms arid "bath":
, modern;- large, beautiful. grounds- handy to
station. 925 Santa Clara ave.
BERKELEY ADVEKTS'M'NTS
. ¦¦ ¦-¦-.. .
. BKIIKKT.RT nv. 41. F!«!T*T»!.. -
THE GREATEST SNAP IN BERKELEY.
$2250— Cash fCOO. balance like rent; nearly
new 2-story colonial house of 7 good rooms.
viz.' — dining-room paneled in redwood, size 14x
20, ' mantel and fireplace; reception-room,
kitchen, 4 bedrooms, bath. 2 toilets; city wa- •
t*r; wired for elertric • light : NW corner, lot,--/
40x97; 7 minutes from Ashby station. Solo
agent. H. D. IRW1N. Lorin. R. R. station,
Berkeley. Oi>en Sundays.
.A SNAP!
$21C0 only for a fine 6-room coW*g« b»J
Berkeley; good location; street work done; goo«1
reason for selling. P. C. LASSEN St CO.. 436:
Tenth st.. Oakland. Cal. . . . ¦ '-
EEKK21E7 HOTELS.
HOTEL BERKELEY REOPENS — This elegant-
ly appointed house Is now under a new and
experienced management. The service Is first
• class, the accommodations homelike, the treat-
ment of guests coiA-teoua. the rates low. The '
hotel Is situated en Dwight way. one bloc*
west of the Dwight way station, and Is there-
fore convenient to both the Key route and S.
" P. ferry systems. Rates per day. transient."
are from $2 to $3. and per month are $30 to
$5O. according to apartments. Banaueta and
wedding dinners will be served on short no-
tice in the most fashionable and delightful
manner. All interested In this announce-
ment are invited to cail at the house and in- J
spacf it. Any further inferoifction. d«lred
will be promptly given. Tel. Dana 138.
DEIIKELGY Ft'R5ISHCIl HOLSKS.
FOR rent for four or five months, an elegantly
• furnished house of reven ro<"»:ns; all modern
¦ conveniences: situated close to. Key Route
and center of Berkeley. Ar>r>ly at bouse,
2122 Di-rant ave.. or W. J. MORTIMER &
CO.. 2123 Center St.. FWkt-ley. v ¦; -":-:
0AKLAXP ADVEKTISEJIEXT3
OFFICE, 1113 BKOABWAY.
OAKLAND BEAT, ESTATE.
A SNAP — S2S0O: on Grove St.; fine surround-
ings; owner wishes to go East.
$<500 — A fine 30-foot lot. 0 minutes' wa!k from
Key Route street work all done_>
WM. P. TODD. 1070 tfroadway.
Oakland.
MUST be sold at once — House of 7" rooms; lot
50x122; sunny side of street: new; plenty o*
room for earn and only 3 blocks from Key
Route; must b<> so!ii, as owner leaves for
the East. F. 11. HORSWILL, Successor to
- Geo. W. Austin.
A BARGAIN.
$2S50— A fine 6-room cottase; larse reception
hall: lot 50x127: street work dcn»: not , far
from the Key route; easy termrs. P. G. L>A£i-
SEN & CO.. t«W Tenth st.. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
ELEGANT 8-rooni house, bath, basement, at-
tic; stable: large grounds; splendid locality;
easy walk to cars, locals and school; photo.*
In ofrlce; beautiful place; partly furnished it
desired, $10; unfurnished, $35, including house.
' water; references-required; It ta a snap. BUT-
TERS. & BUHRING, 972 Broadway.
OAK1.AA'1> FlillMTUKi: KUK SALS.
TO-1IORROW the day for balnea ina In- furn*-
tnre. H. Scheirhaaa.llth st.cor.store. Oakland.
San Francisco A'dvertism'ts.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALL, sunny; best in city; 3 or 4 room* furnish-
ed or unfurnished. s3T. CHARLES APART-
MENTS. 15C0 Sacramento st.. nr. Larkin.
ELGIN PARK, 55— Sunny unfurnished doubla
• parlors, kitchen; new, mod.; man and wife.
FELL. 1071 — Four fine sunny rooms near pan-
tondle; turn, complete housekeeping: adults.
FOLSOM, 647 — Furnished' rooms for housekeep-
ing;.* room* and bath: piano. ,
FOLSOM, 1107, fiat B — For light housekeeping,
front hall room; private family; gas. - *
FULTON, 233 — Two connecting housekeeping
rooms; gas range: grate; no children.
FULTON. 233 — Two connecting hounekeei>iae;
rooms; gas range, jrrate; no children.
GEARY, 40S — 3 sunny, clean, nicely .furnished
rooms. ¦
GOLDEN GATE, 430 — 3 housexeeplng rooms;
.. water, gas. - -. ..
GUER"RE i RO, 10-1 — .1 cennected rooms for house-
keeping; regular kitchen: adults only; refs.
GUERRERO, 030 — Furnish* for housekeeping;
. no children; rent reasonable.
HAYES, 407 — 2 or 3 'furnished houseke«plnfr
rooms; private family.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
i Sunny, furnished 3-room suites: steam heat-
' ed. electric lighted; free baths: rate $30 up.
LEAVENWORTH. 100 — 3 or 4 sunny house-
keeping rooms; parlor floor; rent reasonable.
NOE.". 1002. corner Twenty-third— $12: front
and back parlor unfurnished. • suitable . for
light housekeeping; nice aunny corner.
SIXTH. 30$ — Lance front room; three. or two:
housekeeping; pne sinsle room. .
SIXTEENTH, 3«?78, bet. Market >nd Castro-
Unfurnished. 3 nice sunny housekeeping
• ' rooms, with bath; reasonable. ; . .
TURK, .187 — Furnished rooms for housekeeping.
VAN NESS. 43 — Fine front room, with larga
kitchen connecting; gaa range, running wa-
ter, laundry; with one. or two beds to suit;
price reasonable. ¦ ¦--. , ¦-
CHE.IPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call 16' pages, sent to any address in tfia
.United States or Canada one year for $L '
' AFAKTMSaT HOPSZ5. , \
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
. Will be finished f.arch 15. .
10S4 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
.Beautifully light and sunny;. 2-3-4 roqms aaj
. bath each; all unfurnished: $77 SO to $¦«>.
- Maks reservations ¦ now. - ¦..•-.:-¦
AT St. Cecile. 115 Fell st.. above Van Ness
ave. — The acme of perfection In modern, ele-
gantly furnished 3-room apartments, with
private baths, steam heat, electric light,
elevator, gas ranges; $3O-$35-$37-$40 pp.
8T. LOUIS 1575 Jackson »t- — Modern 3-»»
rooms; also single; furnished, or unfurnished;
rrmrin. view ,»f>>-n™»» Plmne K^«* l.TSA-
ROO31S TO LET — Fwrn. nnd Uifsur-.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sta.— N»— r
• house, new furniture; every room «utslde;
modern and nanny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; thU la tho only up-to-date house lr»
this vicinity; nrat-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth at.— Room*.
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The ! Almonte." 873 Market st. <or No. 1
- Flf th st)— Hoo-w. 2fie. 50c. $1. $1 SO night:
$1 60 to $10 week: house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 13&i>— Fur- .
• niehed rooms, suite. %ingl«: also unfurnished.
BUSH 10R& corner Joaes — One nicely tarnish-
ed single rooms; bath and telephone In house.
CALIFORNIA. 1033 — Unusually desirable fur-
nished pr unfurnished rooms; electric Hgni
. • acd free phone. West 1173. . ", . ... - .
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason-— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. >
CUM2IINGS (The). «1S Post, nr. Taylor— Just
opened: desirably located; sunny single rocai*
' and -suites, with private baths, hot and' cold
water, -aeiiri heat, electric lights, pnon- titty
room: elevator Phone East 1317 if desire J.
EDDY, 48<i — Nicely furnished rooms.-, with)
[-..bath,, at $6 monthly upivard;y • , -
ELLIS. .477— A large. . front room,- $15 per
.; month. ". ¦ . -.-,-. . . . ¦ Y ' ¦
J Continued . on Paje Tea* -> '-
HELP WASTED — MALE — Con.
A— MURRAY & READY. t5J4-(53« Clay st.
PHONE MAIN 5818.
WE SPEAK
OERMAN * GREEK. ' ITALIAN.
SPANISH. • SWISS, FRENCH.
YOUR FARE FREE. LOOK— FREE FARE
• TO STATE OF NEVADA
1: you stay four months. THAT'S ALL.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
E«j two-horse teamstera, $60.
l** '"borers, you'll suit, $00.
Jo drillers, rockmen, hammersmen; $i5.
12 machin« drillers, $l«0.
Eight hoars' work d*illy; hundreds going ;
ARE YOU?
$1— FEE— THAT Is ALL— $1.
ARIZONA. ~^ ARIZONA.
Center of great mines, land of BUnshlne.
BIG WAGES.
._„ 810 mll«s. $0 10.
-5»>5 tean-.Eters, laborers, drillers, etc.. $2 to
$3 DO day.
CLOSE 1X3 PRESCOTT.
IN CALIFORNIA—
25 laborers, big- mine co., $75. $67 50.
12 machine miners, sold quartz, $U0.
18 mucker*, gold quartz, $l!T 50.
To *"-*RMS. DAIRIES, ETC.
1-0 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, all
over California; $25. $2«. $30, $35 fd. -
«5 good teamsters, $26. $30 fd.
<it> milkere. located everywhere, $30. $35 fd.
IS ihcreboys. mtn, etc. $15. $20, $25. *M
found.
CHMHEMEN. GARDENERS. STABLEMEN.
2 stablemen, same stable, country, $35 found.
IS ttaljenun, c,:y, coui.tiy, JJ5 — td. to J>"<5.
12 cuachmen, choreruen and roustabouts, ?25
end &W and fcur.d.
MECHANICAL.
O confers; machine blacksmith's helper, $75. |
3 tallymen, lumber conititny, f'i day.
Planer and sticker hanJs, $'A day up.
12 blacksmlihs, differtnt jobs.
2 brick leaders, exceptionally good job.
Gang ecfetrnian, i'art fl »t>. $55 to $".0 found.
WOODOHOPPERa.
255 m;n te cut wood all over California.
HOTEL DEPT.
15 cooks fcr hotels, saloons, mines, cafes,
ranches, and eunim«r resorts, fyo, J4u, $io
ami s<m and found.
lb wajttr*. difttient jobs, $25. $30, $35 fd. !
12 difhwasherG, ?2o, f^S^iad $30 and found
ft hotel porters, ?20. tSS found.
BAKERS.
Cook, baker, small shop, country, $55 found.
LACNDRYMEN.
12 laundrymcn. different classes of work.
Amal^a— tator, JtH); mill man, JS«: 4 machine
miners. $90; concentrator. $»i>; carriagB
Iiainter; t>tieker hand, $4 day.
l!> laborers, lumber yards $00.
BOYS.
12 Ijovb, box factories, $50.
Double-cut band tsawyer, L. Co., $j day.
16 sheep herders, good jobs, $25, $30. $35 fd.
Kereratin carpenter, fare $l, $4 day.
Bench hand;. Planer hand.
Molder and sticker hand.) Door molder.
6 coopers. 9c berrel.
SAME MINE.
2 machine miners, fare $3 50. $90. /
Hand miner, fare $3 fin. $82 50.
LOOK.
Milker and wife. Colusa County, $55 found,
Choreman, milk 1 cow, oranpe erove. $30 fd.
<Jan. edserman, fare $1 25, $55 to $70 fd.
* Sl'KCiAL.
6 plumbers, 8 hours, country, $4 day.
3 plasterers, 8 hourg. country, f5 day-
25 rantenter?. S hours, country, $3 50 day.
7 paperhiinsers. « houre, country, $4 day.
10 pair-terb, B hours, country, J3 50 day.
2 cement finishers. S houre. $4 day.
4 eorermn, 8 hours, country, $3 5O day.
MURRAY & READY. C34 and 636 .Clay >t.
leather and plasterer, 25c yard.
Stableman, city, ?75.
Man put up shingles and laths.
Blacksmith, shop, fare SK)e. $3 day.
l> teamBters. fare 75c. $2 day.
Blacksmith helyer, understands steam bara-
ELECTRIC LINE WORK.
2« laborers, fare 51. ?2t? found.
18 teamsters, fare $1, $26 found.
3 hellers, city mill, .$» week.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 036 Clay st.
The End In Sisht.
THE PRESENT IMITATION OF UNIONISM
MUST PASS AWAY.
Within a ehort time this city will be plunged
Into the greatest labcr trouble in the history
of this or any other city.
What will be the outcome?
Grant eaid. "War la h — I." If he were
alive to-ds.y tie wouid consider the unionism .
of Ban Francisco worse than war.
The majority of leaders of labor unions are
so unscrupulous In all their dealings as to be
easily recognised as full-fledged anarchists in
everything but name. Their sole sim and de-
sire seems to be to pull down and destroy
rather than build up and foster. They care
nothing for either the safety or convenience
of the public or the welfare of those dei'ci.j..-..i
upon the ones under their control.
What do strikes brine men to? They tear
the honest, hard working man away from his
loving wife and family to do the bidding of
these unscrupulous affitators, even to defying
the laws, both of God and man: waylay the
honest non-union man, taking him by force
when honestly employed In his occupation, lay-
inir his bared arm upon the sidewalk and
jumping upon It until it was broken and trod-
den to a pulp, us1«k; threats and other violence
and InJsome cases even murdfr; Ftarves the
Innocent wife and children; destroys man's
business and forces him into bankruptcy, prac-
tically kills all commercial business and ad-
vertises world wide the anarchistic tendencies
for which they are noted.
The creat majority cf labor has time and
again proclaimed: •'Give them rope enough and
they will hancr themselves."
"We will wait and tee them do it" has'been
the motto of the non-union man, for, after all,
the non-union men are the conservative nun
of this country, who have always gained the
sympathy of the public and public opinion
J can never be dethroned.
Whatever may be the catastrophe ., to either
"capital and labor" In the forthcoming strikes
and consequent lockouts, we oj>enyy declare
ourselves before God and man that we will
never discriminate.
¦ To the employer so unfortunate as to have
these agitators and walking delegates force
a strike upon them our office will be ever
open, day and night, to supply you with help
you need.
To those more unfortunate because, when
held in the grasp of these unscrupulous agi-
tators, they were • compelled to do their bid-
ding by Ftriking on their employers, we ex-
tend an earnest desire to make men of them
and by so doing we will place you side by
side with non-union men.
MURRAY & RE ADV.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY. C34 and 636 Clay St.
PHONE MAIN 5848.
5S4S PHONE.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
TO EVERY EMPLOYER OF
WHITE MALE HELP— We can supply you
with ignite male help of all kinds
Free of Charge.
No syndicate too large, no firm too small
for us to nupply; no objection to distance; we
ship good help; phone, telegraph, write or call
In r>eri»on and procure your help from
MURRAY & READY.
We crave employment
In 1S97 to upward of 17.000 men.
In 1898 to upward of lB.Ooft men.
In 1839 to upward of 21,000 men.
In 1900 to upward of Stt.ooo men.
In 1901 to upward of 37,000 men.
In 1002 to upward of 45.O0O men.
IN 1903 TO UPWARD OF GO.000 MEN.
Office ooen 7 a. m. dally.
Sunday. 8 a. m. to 12 m.
Help wanting work — hundreds of • places
awaiting your selection. Come read our bul-
letin boards.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
3 carpenters: fhip and bouse carpenters will
do; 20c fare; $3 25 day.
Lather and plarterer. fare 50c. $2 DO day.
12 laborers, fare 15c. $C0.
2 stablemen, same country job. $35 and fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Cla/ st.
WANTEI* for U. 6. army; able-bodied un-
married men. between aces of 21 end 35;
cltlzen» of the United States, of rood charac-
ter and temoerate habits, who can epeak,
read and write Enjrlieh. For Information
apply to Recruiting Officer. Rialto building;
New Montgomery st., San Francisco, or 1028
Second st- Farra— >ento, Cal. .
$75— STEADY man for a light manufacturing
business; one who Is willing to work; expe-
rience not necessary. 310 Folsom st.
WANTED — Three laborers. Fourteenth ave.
and N st. eouth; take Kentucky-street car.
WANTED — A dishwasher iit 211 Grant ave.
BARBERS — 3-chalr shea for Bale. 1000 Va-
lencia St.; transfer point.
WANTED — Boy from 14 to 10 years of agt to
learn the dry-goods business. Apply between
3 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young experienced maa to drive
— butcher wagon; give good references. Val-
lejo Market. 2203 PoTk st. .
WANTED— Jewelers at R. BUJANNOFF'S. 17
Lick place. ¦-
WANTED— Salesman to take side Una sun-
. dries In city and vicinity. Box 3172. Call.
; .-- M13DICAL> ¦ ; ¦'¦;,¦ ¦
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me at. once; my
methods are always safe, painless, and reli-
able: I have no failures; no exorbitant fee*.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
Cures guaranteed or no pay; 17 years' ex-
perienca In all female disorders; call cr- write
without delay: correspondence •. confidential.
DR. WHITB. 702 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8.
A— LADIES, If you are suffering from Irregu-
larities or any ailment you will avoid dis-
appointments by consulting mo first. . . My
meth<*d of .treatment is positive and harm-
lees and I guarantee immediate relief from
anv case or make no charges. Advice free.
Call or write DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny.
ALWAYS pe advised and treated, by a grad-
¦ uate physician; positively the only one here
capable and willing, to restore you to happi-
ness; relief for Irregularities; help for un-
fortunate ladies; if in trouble consult him
-without cost or.fee;.call or write; conflden-
tial. DR. R. H. WESTON. 305 Kearny st.
DR. G. W. O r DONNELL — All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively, corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free, Office, 1018 Market »t.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guarant*«d: 30 years' experience. 828 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable "specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief . guaranteed. 1008^ Market St.. opp. 5th.
MRS- D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
MATERNITY Villa -~ Secluded; confidential;
destitute free; infants to adopt; good homee.
DR. EMILIE FUNKE, 1410 8th, Alameda.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness— Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. reliaf;
\ treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5: 25 yrs. exper.
MRS.- DR. GWYER. having secured lease^of
premises, is permanently located at 511A
Leavenworth St., bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. ROSEN resides 2095 Folsom St., corner
26th;- ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 112C Market st.
DR. NG, TOY KEE, 310 Powell St., opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MIXES AXD MIXING
FOR sale— North of llontesuma and Thavllla
mines, SO acres of patented land; 2 compart-
ment shaft down 40 feet; over 12-foot ledge;
4 feet In pay rock; all that Is needed. U a
heist; A. R. E. line 100 yards from shaft for
power. . For particulars address C. EVANS.
¦ El Dorado, Cal. .
MISCELLANEOUS— -FOR gALB.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLI'MAN. 105-107 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? .
Repair it with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting. or coating; good over old
Iron tin or shlnples; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shaftinr. etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exciiansed; see Sunday papers.
H. S.. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stoD all leaks in the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front Bt. ; tel. Main 1428. •¦
A — FINE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st.,
near Bush; open to 0 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. 'WHITELAW, 253-265 Spear, st. .
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny St., near
Pine; open to 0 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at ?1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form ehoea at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d ft.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
TWO young Jersey cows, one fresh; owner go-
ing East; must be eold. 4800 Mission st.
ALL porcelain refrigerator. Ice capacity 200
lbs. SOI Turk st. -
WINDMILL for sale. Apply Owens' grocery,
corner Halght st. and Masonic ave.
REFRIGERATORS and cooling rooms built
economically and effectively. 1511 l(*th ave.
IMPROVED Wood printing preesss, gaaoline
engir.es.. npyer Machine : Work8, 4H Spear »t.
ROUND camciini tents for sale; cheap; some
new: lexltS. 310 Third st.; tel. Main 413.
FANCY pigeons; new Imported varieties; send
for list. C. WILSON.^20 Stevenson et.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriter*; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
A TENT for rent or aale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO..3B Mrkt.Tel.Bush 858
BOOKS boughtf; . libraries purchased. King's
Old Bookstore, 01 McAllister st.
STEEL lined safe, 1800 pounds, $125. RICH-
ARDSON BROS., 1S16 Market 6t.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN, 803 Hayward bldg.
GASOLINE englnee boueht, sold, exchanged,
repaired. Sykes-Corson Co., 254 Beale st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SOME good Becond-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p., cheap. E. B. Beck & Co., 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap; Chlcagoes, Twentieth
Centuries, Pucks. BACIGALUPI, 933 Market.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
j MANX SAFE CO., 307 Battery fit.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Dullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO., 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. ¦¦ J. E. DOAK; 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLASEOPg WANTS.
CALIFORNIA Housewrecker Co. -pays the
highest price for buildings and will remove
the largest building in 10 days. Office, and
yard N. W. corner Mission and Tenth sts.
MORRIS gives highest prices for ladles' and
gents' castoff clothing; postal. 943 Folsom.
LEATHER-TOP buggy,, complete; also pacing
- harness, almost new, cheap. 718 Folsom st.
WANTED — To rent horse, buggy, cart or light
wagtn; business. Box 3171, Call of flee.
SHOES wanted: misfit & castoff; highest prcs.;
new & 2d-hand shoes for sale. 740 Mission.
' . MONKY_TO LOAN., ''
AAA^HERMAlT MURPHY^ """"T* 'i ..
601-602-603 Examiner Building.
. Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
.'Estates, second mortgages.., undivided .Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In tru»t,
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased. , .
Courteous treatment. Strictly, confidential.
• When You Need Money "~ •
See HERMAN MURPHY- '
*~ MANHATTAN SAVING8 BANK.
INTEREST 5H AND « PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced on city, Oakland, town
and country real estate. '.
Second mortgsges, estates In probate,' undi-
vided interests in real estate, property ia
trust; loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK,
107-8-0 CROCKER BUILDING,
POST AND MARKET STB.
~~ WILL LOAN ~~~~
A reasonable amount on-
. - lst»-2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or '; ¦¦:' '
Chattels. In city, town ¦
• ; or country. .
¦ Low rate of Interest. •
Give full particulars
of property or chattels. .
'Location, etc.-
Box 408. Call office. > - -y' />'.
A. A DO YOU NEED MONEY? 7 ?.
Loans on furniture and pianos without re-
moval; lowest rates and easiest plan In city;
•.don't hesitate" to call; Information cheerfully
'given; no publicity; reliable and square deal-
ing, v- '" PEOPLE'S TRUST CO..
S25 MARKET ST.. ROOM 462, PARROTT Bldg
SALARY I-OA NS— V • ". :-.-;'' : '; °'
r Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, -knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
¦ call and get terms. Drake, 458 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan- and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
' e st.- (upstairs), '• loans money on diamonds. Jew*
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. :;.. Phone Bush 484, •¦ -.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, sealskins
- and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protect-
ed from burglars -by. electricity. . PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton :phone Bush- 484.
MONEY loaned ' to salaried people, retail mer«
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security, - payments; = large . business In
• 46 principal cities. Tolman. j 553 Parrott bid.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
prjvacy;no commission ;lnstallment3 accepted'
BONELLI, 3C1 Eddy. •¦ Conservatory building.
'ALL loans on dlamonds'and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo.' S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 533 Kearny.
FtJK X ITt IDS FOn *AI.B.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, etovas and
houfc».hc)d aoods; flat* bought. Missies Anc
flout*. 4Ca-«;t» Valencia: tel. Church 3«70
OAS tkiipe ItettWa u»ed one ni->mh. Call Mon-
m _ <!«> aftern-w.i <r Tuesday 1614 McAllister rt.
laUMUHh; WA-STiiU.
abe"leTyT - ~~
Salesroom. 11S5 Market tt. Tel. Jresla iGl.
iJor.'t s^ll your furniture, carpets, etfiea fur-
nlturr. *tc. until you get his estimate.
CUAif LEVY & CO. -pay highest price ror fur- I
n'.ture. ca-peti«. etc. 732 Mission; tel. Iiu«h 467.
A. L. KTORR8 paya highest cash price* rural*
jur*. rarpct*. etc.; tel. Larkis 0621. 634 EUia.
A. WOLLPKr.T. V7» Mission, phane Red 4482:
buys, rent*. rfp»ir». packs furniture, earpeu.
B. T. 6CKELL. 2412 MiisTon. tel. Church 6570.
pays beet price* for furnitaf- carpet*, etc
HIGltEST prices for*Jurclture and mdss. L H.
H HI>. «.uction«-er.l>>lS Mkt. :tel. Howard l'?B6
HELP Vw'AjTteO — KUMALK.
A YOl'NG 1«dy to asMst a demonstrator; $1
a <laj. fail at MISS PLUNKETT'S. 425
St.. near Powell.
A Nl'RSE for a.t> tnrant. place In city. $3S. ref-
erences; h uarlormaJd atid wa'.tpr;ss, Amert-
?«n family. $.-ji>; a ffOt ,<i ,,i a in cook, small
t«nn!>. San Rafael. J;io «lady to l>e seen here
Monday at II); a <-ook tor a boarding-house,
*!»•»; a caok and fd-ond girl fnr Am»riean
inniily In Jsan Rafael, >S0 and $24 <*ee lady
here Monday mornlngt. MISS PLl'NKETT.
¦J25 Hntt»r et., n**r Powell.
A GERMAN or Swedish working housekeeper
• or rit> ; $25; references necessary. MISS
i'H'NKETT, 425 Gutter St., near Powell.
A Vdl'Nii English bv;;ler with best references
wants a j.Ia^e in o'ty or country. Ring up
MIES I'UNKRTTS <Mcin M72). 435 gut-
ter Et., near Powell.
A -WANTED — Girls to learn hairdressing.
manirurinK, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
'i 2 wetks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
iitjen* to fill immediately; positions guaran-
iee.1 at $10 per wet-k up; leading school ia
West. 133 Geary Bt.. room 13.
A — GiiU to learn rnillinery now for spring sea-
son: U>ih scatons taught from start to finish
in 1 moaUi for fK>; positions at trimmers.
vfUeelf die*, etc.. jg-uaruiiteed «t $10 per wk up;
''¦f.v aril evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A -LADIES to learn all branches hairdressing
trad*, manicuring:, ntuecace, etc. l^iH Mar-
ket et.. cor. Jones, room U4; positions secured
nt highest »-a«reg; day and eve. class; call.
A— OPERATORS on ladies' undermear. C50
MlFsion st,, third floor.
A— OPERATORS on ladies' waists. 656 Mis-
sion et.. third floor.
A-lKONIiRS wanted. 656 Mission et., third
floor.
WAIST hands wanted at 1407 Lacuna st.
WANTED— Kinishort; put In buttonholes in
. i-ufct*; coud wagea. 304 Tvhatna St.
HARDER wanted— Steady. 2C2 Fourth rt.
ItCOTCLACK fcr l>«rber shon. 503 Kearny «t.
j.iLENTKD «m^teur performers. Apply at
_• "huitfj-, 0 p. in. Wednefcdsy; salary no object.
H.'.RUER chon fcr sal.; $3500; rent $T 50. 2«
ilayt* St.; cau?* jpickner>.
v ANTED— Experienced dry goods saleswo-
men. Apply between J» and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS* \
WANTED — A youn« woman who is an experi-
enced dry pood* wrapper. Apply Ix-tween •
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS."
\» AXTED— Dry ealeswomen. Apply be-
t««ea 'J and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS. 1
\\ AXTKD — A ruiddle-aged woman. German
preferred, for housework; cooking plain.
Machine; light; a pleasant, permanent home
to rigiu party; wbpet. $15; country. Address
MRS. FRANK B. MARK, Dos Palos. Merced
County, Cal.
• WANTED — Young woman willing to do JUlit
fcousework morning and evening in «mail
family for room, board, washins and use of
1 !eno. 120ti Market ft., euite 40.
F3B6T -CLASS Balealady on cloaks and suits
wanted; n.jn h&ve experience; crooil salary
«nd fommlttion; steady employment. Box
«745. Call office.
YO-t'NG girls who have experience In wrapping
dry goods and underwear; steady positions;
$25 month. I. MAGNIN & CO . 43-53 Ellis.
GIRL for liirht housework and assist with 2
children; »agp» $-0. Call between 12 and 4,
Sunday end Monday, 1C36. Waller st.
FINIHHKRS on coats wanted. 27 Geary 6t.
B. N. WOOD & CO.
WANTED— PanU fin!»her». Apply at once at
S. N. WOOD & CO-S. 49 G«ary et.
WANTED — Pants operators. Apply at once,
S. N. WOOD * CO.. 49 Geary st.
GIRLS and Ironers. National Laundry, 411
Kanchez tt.
PANT6 operators; eteady work; pood pay. 245
r-eventh »t.
A BUTTON-HOLE maker on custom coats. 40
L"llis tt.. room 47,
YO L'SO giri, 14 to 16 years, to assist in
housework. 410 Jones et.
WANTED — A woman to do general work
about a hotel. Apply 1502 Kentucky st.
GIRL for general housework; 2 In family;
warts $20. Address box 1380, Call office.
HI HI. tor sT*nerat housework: 2 In family;
wac*s $2«l. Address box 72C1, Call office.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market at., opposite Flftfe.
Open until 11 p. ra. -
HELP WAJNTEU SlALIi.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY. • •
14 Third et.. near Call bldg.; Phone Bush 405.
---THE STATE OF NEVADA.
CHEAP FARE — REFUNDED.
tJ. 8. GOVERNMENT WORK.
25 teamstem. $67 80 a month.
16 laborers. $60 a month.
10 drtllerm, rockmen, hammersmen. $75.
6AWMILL8. ¦
Edgerman. $75 a month and found.
4 mill hands. $30 to S50 and board.
4 rardmen, $30 and $35 and board.
4 lumber pliers, $30 and $35 and board.
2 ranch hands. (30 a month and board.
3 ranch hands. Sonoma County. $26 and
board.
10 quarrymen. $2 25 a day.
5 laborers, city. 8 hours. %2 25 a day.
1 plasterer, city of Oakland, $4 &0 a day.
1 hod carrier, city of Oakland, $3 day.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Th.lrd »C
AT CONTRACTOR^' AGENCY.
05 THIRD ST.; Telephone Main C52L
New railroad camp in California.
Teamsters $2. teamaters, $2 25.
Railroad teamsters, near city. $1 76.
Laborers, near city, $1 75.
Ranch hands all over California; good Job*.
Stablemen, harness cleaners, wagon washers.
$2 50
Younr men on ranches, Cal.;' fine chances.
City work Cltr work
Laborers $2 25
8w> t's Sunday morning.
HCRD & SMITH.
ANDRE'S Office, 317 Stockton St.
Stableman, do some driving, factory, coun-
trv $25 fd.; farmhand. Trinity County, $30
to" $35. milker. 25 cows, eouth. $35; German
choreman, $15; young Oerman to take care
of hon-es and drive wagon. $25 fd. ; kitchen
hand Kiramrr resort. $30: cook, small board-
Ing-b'ouse. JW; try cook $70; laundryman. In-
stitution. $S5 and found, etc.
AT MISS PLUJCKETT'S Employment Bureau,
425 Butter et., near Powell, office houra from
h-30 •. m. to tr.'M p. m. — A man and wife
for private family In city . <no children);
woman its cook; man for general work
around: references; wages $^0.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2» Montgomery, r. 12.
. Walter for report, $30; cook. $00.
_-- - - — ¦£
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and ..cure good positions ;. catalogue and full
information mailed free.. MOLER System
• College. 635 Clay et.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 023 Golden
Gate ave.. rocm 7.. for free information as
to positions salaries, age iiraits. etc.; day
or .veninjrs.
WANTED— Ptrrmg young man to carry pa-
I— r route. Route 20, Call office.
ERRAND boy wanted. 503 Kearny st., rm.,2.
WANTED — Lunch waiter, at 50fl Howard «t.
WANTED — A boy to run elevator and make
himself useful. 29 fitockton et^ ____
_UOYS~ UM4 year* old, to distribute circular*.
Room 12U fourth floor, 1230 Market I-WITTMAN DENIES REPORT.— Chief Witt
man gave an emphatic denial yesterday to* the
report that when Lieutenant - Burnett Is pro
moted to a captaincy on Tuesday. .to take
effect on May 1. Captain . Martin ' will ' be , re
tired aa chief of detectives, and Burnett will
be assigned -to fill the vacancy. The Chief
said there was absolutely no foundation. for
the report. When Captain Dunlevy retires on
May 1 the Chief will Issue his order assign
ing Burnett to a district, but he now declines
to make particulars public.
Steamer. For. _ j Sails.
Dolphin:..... Skagway & Way Ports . Apr. 2A
City Seattle. . Skagway A Way Ports. Apr. Ill
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports! Apr! 2S
Dingo . ...... Skagway & Way Ports . Apr. < 29
J. Dollar. .... Valde* ' & . Seward ...... Apr. 29
Excelsior. . . . Valdez & Way Ports. .May 1
Alki ..... Skagway & Way Ports. May 5
Nevadan Arrives.
The steamship Nevadan arrived yesterday, 8
days from Honolulu. She brings 6200 barrels
of sugar.
FROM SEATTLE.
The members of the California Naval Mili
tary Training School will give a ball on Satur
day evening on the training ship Marlon. The
entertainment is given In honor of Dewey day,'
which occurs on May.l. Being Sunday, the fes
tivities will take place on Saturday.
Dancing on Marion.
This •will be the last voyage of H. R. Howe
as a bachelor on the steamship Gaelic. On his
return to this port he expects to be married to
Miss Nellie Barry of Liverpool. England, who
is coming to San Francisco to meet him when
the vessej returns to this port.
Will Become a Benedict.
This Mule Is Touffh.
A correspondent with the Tibet mis
sion tells a mule story: "Mules, appar
ently, do not die from any cause, and
this mission has again proved the ex
treme hardihood of these animals.
When the mission first crossed the
Jelap-la'a mule slipped In the dusk and
fell into the lake at the bottom of th©
pass. It was thought to be drowned.
Next morning a convoy found it with
its nose just above the ice, the rest of
its body literally frozen -in. Pickaxes
were brought and the animal -was dug
out. It is now' working as usual."—
dancing of Hoi>e and Emerson never
went unrewarded with hearty hand
claps. So clever was the work of the
principals that it would have made
the show a success without the chorus.
This Is not insinuating that . the en
semble was impaired by the chorus,
nor is it saying that the ensemble
would not have been improved by a
better chorus.
"Fiddle Dee Dee" is on for two more
performances. The remainder of the.
week and of the engagement will be/^
rounded out with a double bill. "Whirl-
I-Gig" and "The Bis Little Princes*"
The steamship Mongolia came out from the
drydock about daybreak yesterday morning
and steamed up to the Pacific Mall dock. When
she arrived there the tide was low, eo she
had to come to a standstill in the mud banks.
This left her stern up against the end of tho
long pier, while her bow was way out in the
stream. Hawsers were made fast and she
spent the day in thin position.
She will carry from this port an Immense
cargo, consisting in part of 1500 tons of rails,
besides a big consignment of flat can and
trucks destined for Kobe. She will sail about
the 7th inst.
Mongolia Tjcaves Drydock.
Steamer. Destination. , Sails. Pier".
April 25.
Sequoia.... Wllla pa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 20
Spokane Humboldt l:30pPler 0
S. Cruz.... Pan Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Senator Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 2
Newbuvg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Coronado... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
, April 26.
Empire.... Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Gaelic China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
G. Dollar... GrayB Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
ii April 27.
Czarina.... Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Aurelia.... Astoria & Portland Pier 2
Argo 'Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
April 28. •
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt .1:30 p Pier 9
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
J panic Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor -. l pm Pier
San Pedro.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
April 29.
North Fork. Humboldt'. .;. 5 pm Pier 20
Nevadan..- Hono. & KahuUil. 3 pm Pier 16
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier H
April 30. ¦;¦¦-¦
.Elizabeth.. Coqullle River .... 5 pm Pier 20
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 P pm Pier ¦ 2
CUy Panam N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
City Puebla Pugct Sound Ports. 11 am Pier »
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
May 2. •
F.H.Leggett] Honolulu .......... ,.'.' : Pier
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Alliance.... I Eureka & Coos B.j 5 pm Pier ltf
TO SAIL.
Fouls Telegraph Cable.
The bcow schooner Plow Boy, while sailing
down the bay with a load of lumber, came to
an anchorage off Goat Island waiting for a
berth to land at. She dragged her anchor,
which became fouled with the Western Union
Telegraph Company's cable. After a long par
ley between the manager of the telegraph
company and the captain of the schooner the
captain finally consented to .slip his anchor
chain in deference to the proposition of the
telegraph company.
The value of the lost anchor amounted to
about |50. The cutting and replacing of the
cable would have cost the company an enor
mous sum. .
Captain A. L. Larson was in command. The
vessel has a speed of 11 ',i miles. Her cost
was $225,000. On May 1 she will leave for
Koggiung with a general cargo of cannery sup
plies. Fhe will be the last of the Alaska Can
ning Company's vessels to sail to the north.
The new steamer Nushagak made her trial
trip yesterday. It was euccessful. She is
owned by • the Alaska Packing Association.
About ijixty people enjoyed the trip around the
bay, the boat steaming nearly up to Vallejo
before she started on her home trip.
Refreshments were supplied with a liberal
hand. Amons those on board were President
H. F. Fortmann. Vice President Charles
Hlrsch, Secretary C. W. Dorr and Superintend
ents H. C. Jensen. William Munn, Hugh Mur
ray and Andrew Nelson.
Nushagak Is a Success.
Steamer. 1 From. . • I Due.
Bee Grays . Harbor. . . .' Apr. '25
Aurella Portland & Astoria Apr. 25
Jeanle | Peattle & Tacoma. * Apr. 25
DelNorte.... Crt-soent Apr. 25
F. A. KUburn Watsnvlle v. Pt. Rogers|Apr. 25
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Apr. "J5
Sierra Sydney <t Wav Ports. Apr. 25
Argo » Eel River Ports Apr. 25
S.Monica.... San Pedro Apr. 25
W. Kruger .. Fun Pedro Apr. 25
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion.... Apr. 26
Bonita Newport & W»y Ports. Apr. VO
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports.... Apr. 26
Pomona...... Humboldt ...Apr. 26
North For^.. Humboldt Apr. 2«
Eureka...... Humboldt Apr. 20
Titanla Nanaimo Apr. 27
Rainier...... Prattle & Whatccm.... Apr. 27
Elizabeth Coqullle River Apr. 28
Curacao..... Mexican, Ports Apr. 28
Acapulco. .. •• New York via Panama. Apr. 28
Centralla Graj-s Harbor . Apr. 28
RantaRo.«a.. San Diego & Way Pts. Apr. 28
Point Arena.- Men<*oclno & Pt. Arena Apr. 2S
Spokane Humboldt i Apr. 29
G.W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria. ... Apr. 29
Alliance.... . Portland & Wpy Ports. Apr. 30
Enterprise... Hllo Apr. 30
HantaCruz.." San Pedro & Way Pts. Apr. 30
Uniatiila Pupet Sound Ports. _. May 1
Centennial... Sfattle & Tacoma |May2
China China & Japan.. |May 3
Peru New York via Panama. |May 4
TO ARRIVE,
Movements of Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 24— Stmr Ara
bic, from Liverpool; stmr Blucher from Ham
burg; stmr Etrurla, from Liverpool; stmr
Columbia, from Ltverpool.
' LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 24— Stmr Celtic
from New York: stmr Umbrla. from'New York'
Sailed April 24— Stmr Bohemia, for Boston'
- SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived April 24— Stmr St
Paul, from New York. , .' ;
. QUEENSTOWN— Sailed. April 24— Stmr Lu
cania. from Liverpool, for New York.
BREMEN— Sailed April 24— Stmr Prinzess
Alice, for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONOLULU — Sailed April 24—Shlp Astral,
for New York. /¦*
ISLAND PORT
TATOOSH— Passed out April . 24— Brig W
G Irwln and schr Mildred, for San Francisco.
Passed in April 24 — Stmr Edith, hence April
21 for Tacoma.
Passed out April 24— Schr Balboa, for San
Pedro
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed April 24— Schr
Alice Cook*, for San Francisco. .
PORT HARFORD- Sailed April 24— Stmr
Asuncion for Ventura and San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived April 24 — Stmr San
Matto, from Port Los Angeles.
Sailed April 24— Schr Allen A, for Maka
well.
ASTORIA— Arrived April 23— Br stmr In
draeamha. from Yokohama.
Sailed April 24 — Stmr Chlco. for San Fran
cisco. ' ,•
SEATTLE— Arrived April 24— Stmr City of
Seattle, from Skagway; stmr Geo F Haller,
hence April -." 19. April 23 — Stmr Montafa.
hence April 20.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 24— Stmr Olym
pic, from Grays Harbor; stmr Rival, from
Bowens Landing.
EUREKA— Arrived April 24-^Stmr Eureka,
hence April 23.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived April 24— Schr
Alice Cooke.' from Port Gamble.
PORT: BLAKELEY— Sailed April 24— Br
bark Austrasla, for Valparaiso; Br ship
Netherby. for South Africa; schr Balboa, foi
San Pedro. •'
DOMESTIC PORTS
POINT LOBOS. April 24. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW; velocity 20 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Sunday. April 24.
V S Etmr Adams. Fox. Pago Pago.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Maggie. Corning. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr laqua. Jorgenson. Eureka.
Stmr Gualala. Hansen, Benders Landing.
!«»rk Albert. Turner. Honolulu.
Bark R P Rlthet. MacPhall. Honolulu.
Hark Diamond Head, Peterson. Puget Sound,
Schr Ida A. Campbell, Uodega.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. April 24.
Slmr Nevadan, Greene. i< days and C hours
from Kahului.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 20 hours from Moss
Landing. n
Stmr Empire. Macgenn. 61 hours from
Coos Bay.
Jap stmr America Maru. Greene. 1< days
from Yokohama, via Honolulu 5 days 21
hours and 48 minutes.
Stmr Oregon Doran. f>6 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 42 hours.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson. 24 hours from Eureka,
Stmr Noyo Johnson, 24 hours from Eureka,
Stmr Newsboy Adler, 24 hours from Eureka,
Stmr Maggie, 'Corning. 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland. 26 hours from Eureka.
Stmr San Pedro. Rasmussen. # 24 hours from
Eureka.
Schr Antelope. Cuthrell, 16 days from Port
Blakeley.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
dega.
Shipping Intelligence.
Cloudy wc-ather prevails over the northern
portion of the Pacific slope and fair over tho
southern. Light rain has fallen in North
western' Ortgtm and Western Washington.
The pressure has fallen slowly along the
entire coast and risen over the Rocky Moun
tain rt-gion.
There has been a sharp rise in temperature
over the greater portion of the Pacitic slope.
In Northern California the temperature is
about normal, while in Southern California it
is about ten deirrt-es abovo the normal. ¦
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 25:
Northern California — Monday, cloudy In north
portion, with showers on extreme northern
coast, fair in south portion: light southwest
wind.
Southern California — Fair Monday; light west
wind.
Nevada — Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
Monday: fresh southwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON. Ix)cal Forecaster.
FORECAST
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
MONDAY. APRIL 25.
Sur.fi rises 5:21
Sun sets : 6:52
Moon eets 2:35 a. m.
O Time , Time ITIme JTlmel
f Ft. Ft. I Ft. I 1 Ft.
a L. W II W |L W . |H W|
2!5 iT20 2.0 7:28 4.7 1:45 0.8 8:27 E~4
•>6 227 1.4 8:40 4.9 2:37 1.0 9:10 5.5
27 3:18 0.8 9:43 5.1 3:22 1.2 8:51 5.7
28 4:04 0.3 10:43 5.2 4:07 1.6 10:30 6.9
" NOTE — In the above exposition of the-^ldes
the early mornins tides are given in the left
har;d column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column elves the last tide of tlie
day except when there are but three tides, as
eoir'etimes occuns. ¦ The heights given aro in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sigr. precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtiacted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tiuV is the same at both places. * ,
3 2S 2a *$ S
¦ STATIONS. J "?gi| 3§ 5~ p
- S 3 S. a 5 .=
»— • o
: c c i • a
'. it a \ • '
Baker 30.24 54 .'JO SE Cloudy
Carson 30.10 0i» 02 SW Clear .00
Eureka 30.16 SS 40 SW Cloudy Tr.
Fresno 30.08 74 38 N Clear .00
S. K. Farallcn.30.15 54 &8 NW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 30.12 &S 12 E Clear .00
Pocatello ao.22 54 32 NW Clear .00
Independence .30.08 fiS 32 SE Cloudy .00
Los Angeles... 30. 04 SO 4S W Clear .CO
Mt Tamalpais.30.10 .%9 SO NW Pt.Cldy .00
Phoenix 29.K2 «2 44 SW Clear .u0
Pt Reyes Lt... '10.10 57 47 NW Cloudy .00
Portland 30.06 C2 48 NW Pt.Cldy .01
R«d Bluff ."50.22 C.C 44 N Clear .00
Ros-eburg 30.00 CJ 44 NW Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..30.10 C6 40 NW Clear .00
Salt Lake 3U.20 52 32 NW • Clear .02
San Kranc!sco.30.16 «3 48 W Clear .00
San L. Oblspo.S0.10 72 44 W Clear .1)0
Han Diego 29.90 74 50 NW Clear .00
Seattle .-.0.14 68 34 W Kaln .16
Spokane .10.22 «O ."2 NE Pt.Cldy .00
Tatoosh .'W.OO 50 40 SE Kaln .24
Walla Walla.. 30. 10 70 44 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Wlnnen-ucca ..J0.12 <C! 24 NW t?Joudy .00
Yuma 28.08 S2 50 NW 'Clear .00
NEW YORK. April 24.— The trial trip of the
Mexican gunboat Vera Cruz, which ended last
night, was pronounced In every way satisfac
tory.
THE COAST RECORD.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 21—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season. 6ea»on.
Eureka Tr. 61. 2« 50.02
Red Bluff 0.00 .10.10 23.15
Sacramento 0.00 16. M 16. KI
San Francisco 0.00 l».»l 1R.2S
Fresno 0.00 7.051 8.50
Independence 0.0<> 'J.57 2.34
San l^uls Obispo O.<k) 15.71 18.49
Los Angeles 0.0c> 8.50 19.29
San Diego 0.00 4.20 11. C2
(120th Meridian— racific Time.)
Weather Report.
Builders' Contracts.
F. and Anna Mecchl (owners) with "W. E.
Grant (contractor), architect — All worlc
except concrete, cement, excavating 1 , grading,
painting.' lincrusta. mantels, tiles, grates gas
fixtures and shades for a two-story and base
ment frame building (flats) on SE corner of
Rtelner street and Pixley avenue, S 120 by B
85:9; J460O.
J. H. Jordan (owner) with I. "W. Brlden
becker and J. Campbell (contractors), superin
tendent William Nuttall — All work for a two
story and basement frame building on E lin«
of Alpine street, 25 N of Thirteenth, E 82:6 by
N 25: $6890.
Mary A. Toy (owner) with William Llttl*
(contractor), architect — Shoring op and
underpinning of buildings on NW corner ot
Powell and O'Farrell streets, N 25, W 73 N
43:9. W.21. S to O'Farrell. E 94; $2683.'
I. Schwartz and S. Dlsbecker 'owners) with
Val Franz (contractor), architect C. A. Meuss
dorffer — All work except plumbing, steam and
hot water heating, painting, electric work,
elevator, finishing hardware, gas fixture!*,
shades, ornamental Iron fire escapes and stand
pipes, hose re«ls. wall tinting, for a flve-story
and basement frame building on S line o'
Sutter street. 137:6 W of Jones, W 68:5) by 3
Same owners with Gullck & Wetherbee (con
tractors), architect same — Plumbing, gasflttrosr,
sewer work, hot water service and piping for
same, on same; $10,530.
Same owners with M. Conn (contractor),
architect tame — Painting, graining, varnlshin*.
tinting, burlap for same, on same; $4250..
Charles W. and Mary A. Pop« to Marie A.
Baird and J. P. Le Fevre. lot on 6 line of X
street. 60 W of Thirty-ninth avenue. W 3<>
by S 123:11; also lot on S line of X street, 200
W of Thirty-ninth avenue. W 100 by S 123:11;
also lot on NE corner of Thirty-ninth and
Market streets. E 125 by N 123:11; $10.
P. J. and Jennie M. Kennedy to same. lot
on S line of X etreet. 100 W of Thirty-ninth
avenue, W 171.47. S 124:11. E 178.41 N
123:11; $10.
George and Kate Ryan to "Wlllam C Col
bert, lot on SE line of Peralta street,
67:0 6-8 SW of Butler avenue. SW 25:5^.
S 63:2%. E 24:6. N T7:»T». lots 14 to 16. lot
2. Franconla; $10.
Lizzie Sinclair to Frederick and Elizabeth
Simon, lot on S line of Virginia street. 4S:8 HI
of Prospect avenue. E 23:4 by S 75. lot 156.
Jacob Heyman's subdvlslon of Cobb Tract; $10.
James Watklns to John H. Johnston, lots
10 and 11. block R; Railroad Homestead As
sociation Xo. 2; $10.
Bay District Land Company to Matilda K-
Benkelmann. lot on W line of Third avenue.
50 S of B street. S R0 by W 85; $10.
Estate of Adolph Sutro (by Emma L. Mer
ritt. executrix) to Edmond Godchsaux. lot on
NW corner of Forty-sixth avenue and Fulton
street. W .12:6 by N 10U: $910.
Alfred R Needles to John F. English, lot
on N line of U street, 107:6 E of Forty-sev
enth avenue. E 25 by N 100; $10.
Dominique and Ancellne Polidori to William,
Frisch. lot on SW line of Rauscb street, 2W>
NW of Folsora. NW 25 by SW 80; $10.
. Elizabeth O. and Modie O. Heydenfeldt and.
Sunshine O. and William J. Love to Elfin O.
Heydenfeldt, lot on E corner of Howard and
Eighth streets. NE 137:6 by SE 137:6; also lot
on N line of Post street. 110 W of Larkin. W
67:6 by N 120; also Jot on NW corner of
Geary and Webster streets. W 28:9 by N 115;
also lot on N line of"T*»clflc street. 101 :« W
of Dupont. W 36. N 137:6. E 56, S 72. W 2O.
S 63:6; $10.
• Bertha Hagenkamo to George J. or Georg«
H. Mensinie, Mary H. Brauer (wife of C. F.)
and Freda E. Stanford (wife of G. G.). lot on
W comer of Folwrn and Eighth streets, NW
75 by SW 75: $10.
Currier & Mitchell Company (corporation) to
Gustavo CeccHini. lot on SW corner of Third
avenue and California street. S 78:4, W KU.
N 73:0%, E 32:2; $10.
Bernhard and Rose Getz to Solomon Getz.
lot on SW corner of Thirty-seventh avenue
and B street S 137 :S. W 120, N 137:8, E 50, S
100. E 25. N 100. E 45: $10.
William H. and Ethel W. Crocker to Ells*
A. DrexUr. lot on SE line of Market street.
375 SW of Sixth, SW 50 by SE 165; $10.
City and County of San Frmnclac© to Hilda
R Vuttall (wife of J. R- K.). lot on i S I lin.
of Jackson street, 185:1}, W of Franklin. W
46 WUliam Wo«'to*Andr»w J. £luni«. lot on tf
line of Halght street. 55 E of Octavia. B 65 by
N I°0* S10
city' and" County of San Francisco to W. A.
Tracy, lot on W line of Octavia. »tre«t, 123 3
of Greenwich. S 25 by W 137:6: »- ¦- __
Same to Valentin and Marie L<uba. lot on W
Una of Octavia ¦treet. 35 S of Ivy avenu*. »
25 Sam« V to°EKirr'Calegarls, lot en 8 line of
Sutter street. 87:8 W of Lagan*. W 60 by 3
Same to Elizabeth A. Telchmaan <wife of
Frank), lot on N line of Clay « treet. 14S:8 a
of Webster. E 27:2 by N 127:8%; I — —.
P. J. Mehegan to Robert Mehe^an. lot on a
line of Pine .treet, 131:3 W of Fllln»or», W!
Cl& and County "of San Francl»co to Wllllaia
and Cell* A. Curlttt, lot on KW corner of
Vallejo and Pierce etreets. W 100 by N 73,
John and Frances McCarthy t» Charles and
Mary M McCarthy, lot on S line of Fulton
street. li2:« E of Broderlck. B 25 by S 137:8 1
City and County of San FrancUco to &Uiy
J. Noonan (wife of U EO. lot on S line of
Hayes street. 81:3 W of D*vlead«ro, W 25 by
Same to Leonard W. Storror, lot on 8 Una of
Clay street. 17«:2 E of First av*au». B 43:11
by S 127:8H: S „ , .
Eller. Lynch to John Bertoreill. Joseph Salmi
and Ottaviano Paelnottl. lot on S line of Four
teenth street. 86 W of Noe. W 52 by S 115; $10.
Appleton W. and Sarah S. Stont to Nettie S.
Easterbrook. lot on E line of Mission street, «
N of Twenty-nfth. N 50 by E 115; Rift.
L. J. and Gertie Safley to Alloe Griffin, lot
on N line of Twenty-seventh street. 445 E of
Church. E 25 by X 114, quitclaim deed: $10.
Morris F and Qeorga H. Claflin to Elizabeth.
Stoesser (wife of Florlan), lot on KE corner
of Twenty-sixth and Sanchez. N 27 by E 80;
$10.
Emll C. Medau vs. Edward P. Wln
gerter et al. to Minerva A. Marston. lot on a
line ofTCearny street, 88:0 S of Bush. 8 38 by
E 40 and lot on N line of Sacramento street.
137:6 W of Pierce. W 68:9 by N 127 :HM:
$125,500.
Edward P. Winsrerter. Minerva A. Marston.
Emil C and John E. Medau to George K.
Frlnk. lot on SE corner of Post »nd Stockton
streets, S 2o:5^ s by E 70; $5.
SATURDAY. APRIL 23.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Among the passengers on the steam
ship America Maru, which arrived yes
terday, was a party of distinguished
Japanese Government representatives,
who have been sent to this country and
Europe on various missions. The more
prominent of the visitors is Viscount
N. Matsudaira, a member of the Peers.
He is on his way to The Hague, but he
declines to state the real purpose of his
visit to that city. Another of the party
is Djo Kawamura, director. of the Civil
and Criminal Bureau of the Japanese
Department of Justice, who is to make
a tour of this country for the purpose
of gathering data regarding penal in
stitutions on this side of the Pacific.
Accompanying Kawamura is K. Kano
kogi, chief of the Japanese Communi
cation Bureau of Formosa,, and T.
Yaina Guchi, representing the Govern
ment and the tea exporters of Tokio.
In discussing the war in the Far East
Viscount Matsudaira said last evening
that the people of the United States
¦are receiving more news from the
scenes of battle than the natives of the
Island empire. He added:
Though the Japanese people have been en
deavoring in every way to place themselves
on a footing witW other and greater nations,
and have moceeded In many respect:?, I must
candidly conftss that they have not yet shown
the enterprise of the American and English
people in the getting of news of their own war
and giving it fresh to their own people. Dur
ing my short stay in Honolulu and since my
arrivai here, this morning. I have read more
news about tho Japan?se-Ru*slan war than I
wa* abie to obtain In a whole week in Tokio.
I have heard considerable comment in our
country and here regarding: the lateness of
the arrival from the front of news concerning
the. movements of our navies and armies. You
generally get your first tips regarding battle?
through KusMan sources, and confirmation
comes by way of Tokio. This I attribute to
the fact that the news from our forces has to
be brought a long- distance by our vessels,
which oftentimes have to take a roundabout
course to eliminate all danger of encounter
with one of the foe's craft, and the news from
the Russian side is simply censored and tele
graphed direct to St. Petersburg. When I left
Tokio the foreign correspondents were com
plaining to the Government officials for not
permitting them to move nearer the front. I
was Informed, however, that the newspaper
men would soon be given the long looked for
permission, and that thereafter they' would
not be interfered with.
The Italian cruiser Liguria, which arrived in
port on Saturday, was open to visitors yester
day. The majority of these goinff on board
went out from Crowley's boathouse, foot of Val
l<\jo street. Crowlcy statea that his boats car
ried out fully 10C0 people.
Among the passengers of note were
Sydney Fulcher, manager of the China
Traders' Insurance Company; G. Gans
loser, a prominent merchant of Singa
pore; N. Matsudaira, member of peers;
J. Kawamura, director of civil and
criminal bureau in the Department of
Justice, and K. Kanokoji of Formosa.
There -were also fourteen sprightly
Geisha girls, in charge of T. Gama
guchi. who will go to St. Louis to en
trance the visitors to the Exposition
with their graceful dancing and
almond-shaped eyes. They were a
fetching looking lot and attracted at
tention as they gayly scrambled on the
deck in their brilliant Oriental cos
tumes. A company of Japanese acro
bats of all sizes, ages and shapes
helped to enliven the life on shipboard
on the way across. They go to Glen
Island Park, New York. James W.
Price had them in charge.
Following is the list of 'passengers:
From Yokahoma— W. W. Colborne,
Mrs. W. W. Colborne and -maid. Rich
ard Faber, Nate " Frankel, Sydney
Fulcher, G. Gansloser,- Mrs. G. Garis
loser, P. Geisendorff, K. Iwaya, T.
Uyama, K. Kanokoji, J. Kawamura, N.
Matsudaira, James W. Price, G. de Pu
rucker, D. Schumacher, Ernst Tack,
Mrs. K. Tingley, Captain A.- W. War
wick, T. Yamaguchi, M. Okudaira and
Miss Tora Tanaka. i
From Honolulu— J. B. Murphy, J. G.
Gilbert and Mrs. J. G. Gilbert.
« ;
Crowds Visit I.iprurin.
I On April 22 they sighted a three
-masted ship bound in an opposite di
rection. This was in latitude 34 3 N.
and longitude 133 33 W.
I She brought a small cargo consisting
; of 300 tons for this port, 134 tons des
tined for Eastern States and 13 tons
in transit to Central America.
An April 17, at 4:30 p. m., they spoke
the steamship Ventura in latitude
25 18 N. and longitude 151 48 W. On
April 20 they saw a big steamer, which
they supposed to be the Korea. This
was in latitude 27 39 N. and longitude
147 39 W.
The.Toyo Kisen Kaisha Company's
steamer America Maru came into port
yesterday morning, 17 days from Yoko
hama. After quarantine inspection she
steamed around to Mission Bay, where
she came to anchorage. She was com
pelled to do this because there would
be no berth for her at the Paciflc Mail
Steamship Company's dock until the
Gaelic departs to-morrow. The tug
Sea King brought the passengers
ashore and landed them on the wharf
at 2:30 p. m. The America Maru on ar
rival in Japan on her last trip from
here, was turned over- to the Japanese
Government to be used in case of need
as a transport ship. She was laid up
awaiting war developments, but no al
terations were made on her. The Gov
ernment concluded in April that it had
no use for her, so she was. released
and restored' to her original owners,
who immediately put her back on her
own route. * Her sister ships, the Hong
kong Maru and the Nippon Maru are
still in the service of the Japanese
Government.
Captain Woodus Greene reports that
during the voyage they experienced
changeable gales and rough seas and
the ship rolled heavily.
:. "Fiddle Dee Dee" is the most absurd,
ergo the most popular, of the Weber
& Fields creations. It was the first of
them presented in San Francisco, and
after a long run and a brief intermis
sion it was restored. to. the same stage
and held it for six weeks. The same
principals who presented it then, two
years ago, reappeared in it last night
at the Grand Opera House, and -the
way in which it ¦ was received by an
audience that left room only
indicated that it could again attract
paying business for a month or more.
All the original "gags" and most of
the original musical 'numbers were re
peated, and they were rewarded" with
old-time laughter and plaudits. The
three comedians, Kolb, Dill and Ber
nard, carried the bulk of the honors,
of course, but the scenes in which Am
ber and Blake were the sole partici
pants got rapturous encores, and the
Slgnor Abramoff. operatic basso, is
one of the new offerings for the week
and he received abundant applause. His
three selections were well rendered and
his voice was in excellent condition.
The Four Mortons present a new
sketch. They are as funny , as ever.
Some of their best work they repeat
and the act is excellent. Ethel Levey
(Mrs. George M. Cohan) makes a- hit
as a singing and dancing comedienne.
She was encored several times and her
work had merit. Wilfred Clarke and
Company present an adaptation from
the German in the piece "In the Bio
graph." The sketch abounds in mirth
and life. Mile. Amoros, the trapeze
performer, . assisted by Mile. Charlotte,
commences her second week and the
motion pictures of "Faust" conclude the
show.
The show that opened yesterday aft
ernoon at the Orpheum was pro
nounced thorough, both in point of
amusement and in talent, by the large
audience in attendance. The new acts
are all good and the holdovers have
been changed so that the entertainment
is fresh from start to finish.- >
Lew Sully appears on the boards and
sustains his old-time popularity. His
songs are clever and every portion of
his wit brings a hearty laugh. He
earns and holds the title: "President of
the Laugh Trust."
La Petite Adelaide is a dayity dancer
and her grace and originality bring
much favor for her. She is lately from
the Shaftesbury Theater, London.
Tony Wilson and Heloise are on the
bills as originators of • the "tramplin
bar act." They gave all that was ex
pected of them and offered some new
features.
The event of the production in local
eyes was the debut of Miss Beatriz
Bronte, who left here but a short time
ago as a subordinate in "The Princess
Chic" and returns now in the name, role
of "A Girl From Dixie." Miss Bronte
is the daughter of the well known oper
atic tenor, Fernando. Michelena, and
was until her departure from here his
pupil. She was warmly welcomed home
by a large contingent of friends and got
posies galore. The young singer was
very evidently, and naturally, 'afflicted
with nervousness last night, but showed
a large gain in experience in spite of
that. Her voice has rounded out, and
she has gained in poise, but has yet
considerable need of repose, and care in
enunciation. She makes a stunningly
pretty picture of Kitty Calvert, the
Dixie girl, and has some effective songs
that were heartily applauded. Essie
Lyons does a very clever bit of charac
ter work as a stammering girl, and
sings with much charm and ease. An
other'good voice is Charles H. Bowers',
that is only discovered in the last act.
Mr. Bowers is the hero, In real heroic
style.
M. Don is seen in a "Cherman" part
as Ludwig Regenborgen, Kitty Cal
vert's stepfather. He is rapturously
funny, and in a piano- specialty com
pletely convulsed the house. Thomas
J. Keosh has one moment to convince
the audience that he is an actor, and
he does it. Then there is Clifford
Leigh, by no means least, In an elab
orately funny picture of an English
Lord, and Charles K. French as a
clever Jack Randolph. There are plenty
of good songs distributed among the
cast and the concerted numbers are
conspicuous for the spirit and ease
with which they are sung.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
More like a high school frolic than
anything else that I can think of is "A
Girl from Dixie," presented here for
the first time last night at the Califor
nia Theater. The onus of description
is left to the audience, but the piece is
presumably a musical comedy, with
libretto by harry B. Smith and lyrics
and musical setting by every one else.
I fancy the libretto is not new. It is at
any rate x of the brightness — so far as
dialogue goes— of the earlier Smith
"books." One is even tempted to quote
some of its many witticisms—and
temptation has been far from one of
late in the musical comedy field. As to
plot, the piece is' impeccably obvious,
if pleasant. Again, as to its figures, the
characters, though familiar, have been
oddly reshuffled; the Incidents also,
to their disadvantage. In the last act
only, for example, do the four excellent
comedians with which the piece is fur
nished get a fair chance .to show their
mettle. The first act takes place in a
country school. The second act takes
place in another school— or rather
college. The third takes place in a
school girl's, or rather college girl's,
drawing-room. And like a high school
jinks, as before said, is naively, and
even charmingly, the effect of the
whole production.
The performance is quite In keeping.
With the exception of the tremendous
ly funny scene between the four come
dians in the last act, where the fortune
huhting English Lord brings along his
solicitor to arrange about the marriage
settlements to be made upon him by
the girl from Dixie, the piece never be
comes grown-up musical comedy. It is
short-frocked in the first act, ankle
length in the second, and in the finale
only adult comedy. But piece and per
formance have vim, freshness, naivete.
The voices are excellent, the girls are
pretty and the aforementioned little
used comedians all good. Victor Her
bert, Cole and Johnson and a round
dozen or so besides have been in at the
music and have furnished several good
if unrelated numbers. The scenic set
ting has not been much depended upon
in the reckoning, neither the costumes,
and there is a general happy-go-lucki
ness of the stage management. But the
piece was thoroughly enjoyed last
night in spite of everything — frantical
ly In places. D. L. Don > was most of
them.
Resignation of the Repre
i sentative at Large Takes
Effect When Presented
Lumber Schooner Plow Boy
Runs Afoul of Cable and
Is Forced to Slip Anchor
DRIFTS FROM MOORINGS
"Fiddle Dee Dee" Retains
Favoritism— New People
at Orpheum Well Received
EAGER FOR WAR NEWS
GRAND'S MERRY CROWD
Peer From Mikado's Realm
and Government Officials
Here on Various Missions
America Haru, Keleased by
Japanese Government, Is
Back in Oriental Trade
Beatrix Bronte, a^ San Fran
cisco Girl, Makes a Hit as
Prima Donna at California
POPULAR LINER
AGAIN IN PORT
VISCOUNT GOES
TO THE HAGUE
SINGS SWEETLY
TO OLD FRIENDS
•r? m SUt /*« F 0 ** 1 and Geodetic Survey
• Tt P«r n i ? e . l8ht of H1 * h and Low Waters
?£„ r*£ , n b /nuance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of
Superintendent.
th«??J»TZ h » ?,/Ji h . and ¦»<«* ¦¦'. water* 'occur *t
we city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
Son, Moon and Tide.
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;~ CALIJ, MONDAY, APRIL 25, 190..
10
NEXT SUNDAY CALIj.
See Some of the Rare Examples
of Ills : Work and Read the '
Career- of this ' Genius off
the Desert; as Described
1 . / ;'.'~'by.>', ' ¦¦.;¦•;¦. V
George .Wharton James.
NEW i BIRD /AND ANIMAL
¦PAINTER. •
GREAT MAY DAY NUMBER.
ROOMS TO LET— F«r«. «< CafOT.
FOR f!nr* rrntleraaa, in private bom* <no
iithei Eomeri). * !«*•. «nny. ( U « }J 5^
room, with bat* adorning; 4 blocks frtm
park entrance *nd 3 blocks from panhandl*.
Adore* box 2*2*. Call offtc*.
Fl'LTON 303 — Front sunny room for two
ger.tlemVw; rent reasonable.
r-iM ton 442^ — Furnished Runny front room;
flv, n : Jnuteti from City Hall; phone; reaa.
gYaUY 402 cor. Maron — Furnished rooms for
gentlemen. J2 per wctH and upward.
G^ARY 660 — Newly fur. sunny front rms.;
homeJike. piano, baths, kitchen: other rms.
OEART. MIS— funny rooms; pleataot hotn*.
GOLDEN' OATH ave., ESI — Furnished rooms
to let: reafwcable.
GOLDEN GA1X ave.. 1030— 2 or 3 sunny un-
furnished phocpe; phone: all conveniences.
GRAND Southern, "th and Mtesion— Rooms S3o
to M 25 right; j» B<> to»6wk.; reading-room.
HYDE 10— -Nicely furnished sunny front room
for on* or two gentlemen.
LEAVEN'TVORTH. J007— A large fuany well- j
furnished alcove; wlto 2 sunny e'.ngle rooms. :
LEAVEN WORTH lllSA— Sunny furnished and
urJurnlEhed rooms; running water, etc;
phone I>arkin 4739.
MARKET. 10G2— 2 rooms-, with gas and coal
gtove: ?12.
McALLISTER, 781 — Nicely furnished room,
with board: (rents only*
MONTGOMERY. 131— L»rge well-furnished
sunny rooms; $3 to $H> per month.
N1NKTEKNTH, 4««0, near Castro — Newly fur-
nished BO— BT room, bath and gas. 57. "
ROYAL H<xjse. 126 Elli»— 3ncande»cent lights,
read il.g -room. *moklnt.-rcorn ar.d ladies' par-
lor' room* per night, S5c to $1 M); week. 12
«o »?• month. fS to $."0; elevator on ground
door, rooms with hot and- col.i wster: baths.
P1XT?TkNT1!. SO*, flat fc— 'Single room; newly
• furif*s»b«d: gent* only.
THE jrT.' -CATHRTN, N.E. <w. Leav-nworth
and Ellin — Sunniest room* In the city; new
hotel; just J_n:i!-hed fresh and clean; hair
rr.attrcsi-cf In every roorr: also hot and coll
• ster baths, etc.: Meatn heat throughout;
elevator service am! pvery modern conveni-
ence: rocnie from $3 per week up.
THe'nTaRA 61.% Taylor Ft.— Pur.ny euttes and i
single roon-.r- with board; prices reasonable,
rtione Butter 1436^
TUT; _•!— -B— Bt. 581 Putter— Nicely furnished
:mnt rooms; reasonable.
TWELFTH 113 — 4 sunny unfurnished rooms;
select location: adult*.
UNITED FTATI"S. 123 Eddy, near Market — *C0
rcomt. SSc lo $1 night. $1 75 lo $6 week: eleo-
tno lights mo pa*), running water In every
room: elevator.tead -room: free bus; bagg&ge.
UNFTRNIPHED rooms, suitable for drr»»-
maklng ladies' tailor or light n-ariufacturtng.
Apply A. KOY HARRISON. 140 Gear?' Et.
VALENCIA. 5S0. bet. Sixteenth nn<J Seven-
teenth— ¦"• elegantiy furnished bay-window
room*; *"•» flat: marble btairs and hallways 1 ;
suitshie for doctor or dentist.
VALENCIA 619— Nicely furnished front room
to rent: reiiwnable.
VAN NESS ave.. 519 — El«*:ant front parlors ,
ar.d adjoining suite for office or club.
TVAPH1NGT<"'N. loin — " sunny rooms for
hou«kerp:r.R : alf^. '2 tingle rooms.
CVnCCHE-TER Hotel. 44 od ¦_, near Market— :
Mo»i convenient and i expectable: 700 rooms:
"Ac to ?1 5<» right: $2 to J* week: elevator:
«?lec. ligHt*: reading -room: free bu»: baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth— Electric light In every
room: I5c to $1 a nlKht: 7Sc to $5 a week;
op»n all night; convenient to all care.
ATiVERTIPEMENTS. subscript i or.* received at
<"sll brsr-li office, cor. Duncan <fc Church <='.*.
A, BRANCH offW of The Call for the reception
.f H<1vettiseni*nts and i-ubscriptione lias Iwn
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
« 'i^n iT.til 11 t\ m
ROOMS AM) nOARD.
KI>GSrnRE^ilOTEU
T.;i Tiu«h rt.. above Powell; pelect flrri-
• lass residential hotel; elegantly furnishel
a i:4 lablo uim urjiaKsed ; electric light; s^teum
l.eate<; bvA private cKduUHCC telephone!" in
everv room: lerras reasonable.
B. DO <TARPE.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1C15 VAN [CESS AVE.. NKAR GEARY ST.
BELECT AND FIKST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 7'>3.
UOWiRD, MIA — FJt_U<Miu» '«sr>1 with room.
FiBCie nr rt.iuhle. $¦"¦•-?•; *-.. .\m«ricHTi fum-
ily: h«>m<» ooe>klng: hoi— t> cotnTorts; piano.
HOTEL KL?i!i:P.E. 4ls SuttCr— Funny suites.
tingle rms.: exce!I«-nt table; moderate prices.
EDDT, SC7— Front :r»jni. w|t_ board; runnir.s
v. ater; o!ectr!<- light and telephone.
KX&SIOSff. 2.V.2 — One or two pleasant furnished
roomst with or without »«jard; private family.
VAN NESS ave.. 171*— Elexsntlr furni^h?d
•¦nftfje. v.-Hh liatl;*: also homelike.
slot m.\ciiim:s.
Slot 3U ic—ln**, t"T<; rmnc'iTF $""; lifter?, card
Bischiney.SJii W.A.r-radford Co..;iST.Ma rk et.
e-TLTTKniNCi A\D UTAHMERIXC.
Institute. Van Ness A Marker
rrornifcep cure if In fa.ir hralth: hours 1 to 5.
TVPRWIUTERS AVO KtTPPi.tBS,
AK exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
tmith Premier, fi."; other typewriters at
Mgher and loner prii-ej- : rentals $2 50. The
Typewriting Exchange. Xtti California Bt.
A FEW good tTPewrlten at $30«ach; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery rt.
2D-HAND typewriters Fold, rented, repaired.
Wehgter T>-T»ewr1ter Inrrec. Co.. T>flS Market.
PROPOSALS for nothing and Equipage— De^
pot Quartermaster's Olnce. 3« New Mont-
gomery St.. tan I'rancisco. Cal.. April "0,
1904. — Sealed proposals, in trijUicale. will be
received at this office until 10 o'clock a. m..
Wednesday. May 4. HHM. Pacific standard
time, and then opened, for furnishing, at
rither I'hlladelphia. Boston, Chicago or San
Francisco depots, of dreses caps, hat numbers.
hat letters, hat cords, wool stockings, black
• alfEkln FhoeF and ruvet marching fhoey;
•Jbo for fumiKhinK, at the New York depot,
O. D. covert cloth. O. D. serge. O. D. last-
ing and O. D. ehirting flannel, all to conform
io standards mid si>tciflcatlein?; quantities to
>>e eubject tei an increase of 20 per cent, if
des-ired by the department. Preference will
be given to article^ of domestic production
nnd manulacture, conditions of price and
• luality tieinu equal (including in the price
«.f foreign production and manufacture the
duty thireoiit. and Mich preference will be
Kiven to article* <if American production and
manufacture produced on the Pacific Coast to
the extent of the consumption required by
the public pervice there. The United .States
reserves the right to avcept or reject any or
all proposals or any part thereof. Informa-
tion and blanks; fcr proposals will be fur-
nished on application. Envelopes containing
proposals wU! be indorsed '-Proposals No.
.tlM?. for Clothing and Equipage." and ad-
dressed to MAJOR C. A. DEVOL. Quarter-
marter. V. fc. Army. Depot Quartermaster.
UNIVERSITY of California, Berkeley— Notlc*
to contractors, builders and material men
Notice is hereby given that sealed bids are
eollrited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for the superstructure
of the central power plant on the grounds
of the University of California at Ilerkeley
California, and Eaid bids will be received at
the office of the Iiegents. South Hall. Ber-
keley, at or betore \2 o'clock m. of April 2tt.
1904. Plans and !>p«cincaticnc e>f naid super-
structure of the central power plant have
been adopted and may be examined dally at
office of the Regents from 9 a. m. until 4 p.
m. No bids will be considered unless ac-
companied *>y a certified check or bond of
bidder, in lavor of the Regents or the Uni-
versity of California, equal to ten <10> per
rent of his bid with sufficient, sureties, con-
ditioned that if raid bid be accepted, the'
bidder will duly enter Into a prcper contract
to faithfully perform th,e duty and obliga-
tions In accordance with said bid and with
the planv and KpecJAcations which are here-
by required to be a part of such contract.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildinrs of the Board of Iiegents. V. H.
HENDERSON, acting secretary.
mOPOSALS for Coal — Offi>e General Su-
perintendent. Army Transport Service.
Fan Kranoinco. Oal.. April 20. 1804. Sealed
proposals In triplicate for furnishing and de-
livering on board arnfy transports at San
Francisco, avrrag* Steam Coal, as may be
l-t-qulred. will be received at this office until
12 m.. May "0. 1904. and then opened. Infor-
mation furnished en application. Envelopes
rittitalning proposals Fhould be indorsed,
"Proposals for Coal." addressed to C. A.
DEVOL. General Superintendent.
PROPOSALS for Laundry Work — Office Gen-
eral Superintendent. Army Transport Ser-
vice. San Francisco, Cal.. April 21. 1JWVJ.
Sealed proposals In triplicate for Laundry
Work for army transports will be received at
this offir* until 11 a. m. May 21. 1904, and
:h»n opened. Envelopes should be indorsed,
"Proposals for Laundry Work." and ad-
rirnmed General Suoertntendent Army Trans-
lK>rt Service.
V. 6. ENGINEER Office. Flood building. San
Francisco. Cal.. April 2L 1B04.— Sealed pro-
pos-ls for dredging In San Pablo Bay. Cal.,
will be received h*re cntil 12 noon. Tuesday.
May 2* IW04, Information on application.
W. H. HEUEH. Lieut. Col.. Ensrs.
BIBTHS—SLARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, maniac* and death notices stnt by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
tn at either of tho publication offices and bs
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the «ame published.
Notices restricted elmply to the announcement
of the event are published ones In this column
free of charge.
BORN.
NBWBAUBR— In this city. April 2». 1804. to
tha wife of J. H. Newbauer. a son.
RODGERS — In this cUy. April 20. 1804, to th«
wife of W. K. Rodgers. a daughter.
DIED.
Allen. L*tttla. Martin. Mrs. A. J.
Barrer. Paulln* 3 McCurrie. Edwirt
Brady, John Morris, Sophia B.
Cahill. Daniel I Ramm Mary A.
Calmels Henriette Rhorer. Milton M.
Camps. Joseph SchoSeld. Jennie C
Crocker. Florenc* V. Schroder. John H.
Debenhara. Chas. W. Bt*ers. Mary
Devereaux. Harriet Stewart, Joseph
1 Doherty. Mary Stromberg Herman
Finn. John Sweeney. Edward
Hermann Chris Wagner. Jeannett*
Lynch. Catharine Wake, Hannah
Mayhew. Henry C. William*. Gus
ALLEN— In this city. Letltla, beloved wife of
Michael Allen, and mother of Edward,
Willie. Clarence. Harold. John, James, Mabel,
Kitty and Josie Allen, a native of San Fran-
cisco. &*ed C5 years.
BOIUIER— In this city. April 22, 1904, Pau-
line Josephine, dearly beloved and only
daughter of Catherine and the late Theo-
dore Borrcr, granddaughter of Ludwig Well-
ing, and niece of Mrs. Bertha Cavalll, a na-
. tive at San Francisco, aged 22 years C months
and S days.
E^rriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
t Monday >, at 9 o'clock, from the residence ot
her mother, 553 Seventh street, between Bry-
ant and Urannan. thence to St. Boniface's
Church, Golden Gate avenue, between Jones
and Ix-aveuworth t-treets. where services will
be hHd, "otrmerH-ing at i>:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Crops Cemetery.
BRADY— In this city. April £:;. 1904. John, be-
loved husband of Hester Brady, and father of
John and William I'.rady and Mrs. Rose
Roberts, r native of New York. -
C7KcmainF at tho parlors of th* Henry
J. Gallagher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
strwt. Notice of funeral hereafter.
CAHILL— In this city Daniei I. Cahill. be-
loved son of James H. and Ellen L. Cahill,
and brothrr of Jajiies W. George F Etta.
Annie. Nellie and Alfred Cahill. a native ot
Han Francisco, aged 20 years.
CALMELS— In this city. April 23, 10C4, Hen-
rlctte Calmels. dearly beloved daughter of
Henr: and Darie Calmels. a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year and 7 months.
C7 Frit r.ds ard acquaintance? are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 :«0 o'clock, from the late
r**ijence. «>13 Mission etrcet, thence to the
French Church of Notre Pame des Vlctoires
for services. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by carriage.
CAMPS — Entered into rest in this city. Joseph
Camps, a native of Portugal, aged 25 years
10 months and 5 days. A member of Paciflc
Coast Marine Fiiemen's linlon.
b-X Friends aiiU ucuuaintanct'si are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from tne parlors
of McFaddcn. McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, betwei-n Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CilOCKEl'.- In this city. April 23. 1004. Flor-
ence Vlrsinia. beloved daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Henry 3. Crocker, a native of Cali-
fornia, aped 14 years 3 months an<i 6 days.
CCFuneral *<-rvics to-<lay (Monday),
at 2 o'clock, from the residence, "'Ml La-
guna etrret. Interment private.
DEDENHAM— In Oakland, April 23. J9C4.
Charles \V. Dobenhani. a native of Dalston.
Ontario. UReU M years V months and '21
da». A member of Enterprise Lodge No.
23S. I. O. O. F. ; Court Pride No. U of Ala-
meda. F. of A.: Forest Canip No. lt!2, XV.
of the W-. anU the Plasterers' Union of
Alatr.eda County.
DEVEREAUX— In this city. April 23, 1904,
Harriet, beloved wi'e of William J. Dever-
»aux. mother of Joseph. William and Marie
Devereaux, daughter of Timothy and Annie
I>o!au of Yuba County, and sister of Mrs.
J. McGrtevy, Mrs. It. McDonald. Sieter Ve-
ronica. Mrs. C. Conneghan and Tom nnd T.
J. l.H.lan. a native of Downieville, Sierra
County. Cal.
C^l'rien<i<> and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Tuesday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late
residence 'Siti Noe street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commtneing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOHERTY— In this city. April 23. 1904, Miss
Mary Doherty. beluved sifter of Mrs. Wil-
liam Hearn of San Rafael, and aunt of
H«r?s:e Peoples and William T. Hearn, a
nativ» of Ireland. (Chicago papers please
copv. >
Ju7"Fr1endp and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday.
A:>ril 'jr>. at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of William Hc-arn. KK5 Clark street. San
Jtafarl. Internum Mount Tamalpais Cero-
• <tery.
FINN— In this city, April 23. 1904, John,
tltarly l>e'oved husband of Mary Finn, father
or Thomas. Lillian and May Finn, and
brother of ilrs. Henry Tretten and Mrs.
Kl'en "'ounihan, a native of the parieh of
Dnmery, County Kerry, Ireland, aged 52
years.
t^*Fri<n<ls arid acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at S:."0 o'clock, from his late
residence. 13<J" Minna street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo'e . Church. where a re-
quit-m high rr.ass will be celebrated for tlie
rt-jiose of his soul, commencing at V o'clock.
HERMANN — In lhi« city. April 23. 1WI, Chris-
topher, dearly beloved husband of Rose Her-
mann, a native of Germany, aged 41 years
](• months «n>l 7 days.
C?Thc funeral wi'.l take place to-day
Otonday). at 10 o'clock, troro his late resi-
dence-. 1«T5 Waller street. Interment Cyprese.
Lavm Cemetery.
, LYNCH— In this city. April 22. 1901. Catharine
1 Lj nch, bciovi-d aunt of Thcmae, Saiuuei.
• William. Geftrre, Belle and Kate Watteon,
a native e>f County Wlckiow. Ireland.
C7Thi.- funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), from her late residence, 2210
; fc"teinrr street, tln-nce to St. Dominic's
Church, whero a requiem high mass) will be
*clfbrated for the repose of her soul, at 10
o'clock. Interment private.
MARTIN — An anniversary requiem high mat>s
for the repose of the soul of the late Mrs.
Arnold J. Martin- of Chlleno Valley. Marin
Coumy. Cal.. will be celebrated at hit. Dom-
inic'ti <."hurch. Bush and Steiner streets, San
'¦ Francisco, on Tuesday, April 20. at 9:U0
o'clock.
! MAYHEW— In this city. April 24. 1904. Henry
C. beloved son of Mrs. Georgle E. Mayhew
and the late Henry H. Mayhew, and brochcr
of J. It.. W. \V. and Elizabeth Meyhew. a
native of Kan Francisco, age-d 25 years •'{
months and H day.«.
E?"Friends are invited to attend the
funeral services to-morrow (Tuesday), at
'J:4."» o'clock, at the family residence. 13TJ
Fulton street. Interment strictly private.
j Stanford Parlor No. 70. N. S. G. W.—
i Ofllcers and members are requested" to as-
i Female at 1X12 Fulton street to-morrow
(Tuc-pdayt. at »:30 o'clock a, m.. to attend
the funeral services of their late member,
Henry Mayhew. By order eif the parlor.
JOS. W. HARDIMAN'. President.
FRED H. JUNG. Secretary.
MeCURRIE— Near Morgan Hill. April 24. 1904,
Edward McCurrte, dearly beloved son of
Mary A. ar.d the late J. P. McCurrie. and
dearly beloved brother of Charle*s H.,
Matthew. Arthur and Hugh C. McCurrie.
I a native of San Francisco, aged 30 years
8 months and 24 days.
' MORRIS— Entered into rest, in this city. Sun-
day. April 24. 1SKM. Kophia B. Morris of
Kingston. Canada. (New York and Brooklyn
paperw please copy.)
C7 Funeral services and interment private.
i RAMM— In this city. April 24. 1904. Mary A.
Ramm. beloved wife of Peter*F. Ramm, and
sister of Mrs. E. Heinecke and George Mat-
son, a native of San Francisco, aged 32
years ¦• months and 15 days.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respeci-
; fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Tuesday), April 26. at 2 o'clock, under the
auspices of Harmony Chapter No. 124. Order
of the Eastern Star, from the undertaking
parlors of Theodor Dlcrks 957 Mission street
I between Fifth and Sixth. Cremation Odd
; Fellows' Cemetery.
RHORER— In Berkeley. April 24. 1904, Milton
M.. beloved husband of Virginia Y. Rhorer,
a native of Indiana, aged 73 years A mem-
ber of Berkeley Lodge, F. and A. M.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the> funeral Tuesday
April 28. at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1843 University avenue, thence to
•St. Mark's Church, comer Bancroft way and
Kllsworth street, where services will be
held at 11 o'clock. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
SCHRODER— In this city, April 24 1904 John
H. 6c.hroder. dearly beloved husband of Mar-
garcthe Elise Schroder, and loving father of
John Henry, Emma, George and Lulu
Schroder, a native of Scharmbeck Stoter
Germany, aged 72 years 10 months and 30
days. A member of Concordla Lodge No
122. I. O. O. F.
BCHOFIELD— In this city. April 23. 1904 Jen-
nie C. beloved wife of M. B. Schofleld and
mother of Mrs. George H. Hurd and W. F
and Ida G. Schofleld. a native of Louisiana*
(Lawrenceburg. Ind.. and Montreal and
Sherbrooke, Quebec. Canada, papers please
copy.)
ICTFrlendii and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1728 Devlsadero street. Interment
private.
STEERS — In this dtr» April 2* 1904 at her
residence. 448 Utah street. Mary, ' beloved
¦wife of Henry Steers, and mother of George
Harry. Frank and William Steers, a native
of County Clare. Ireland, aged 57 years and |
1 month.
E7Notlc* of funeral hereafter.
6TEWABT — At his residence In Berkeley, CaU.
April 23. 1904. Joseph Etewart. lieutenant
AUCTION_JAtES|
AUCTION SALE.
M-DRAfT AND B^IKO »«<«
osrkss sea %£££ is
ssar ;&-,«' sa "S3
Churchill ranch will weigh from 100O »» *"/
pound, and have been handled two we*^ k
This is a splendid lot of horses. AUyoum.
and smooth and should appeal to all classes of
buyers, from milkmen to draymen. -\ jumber
of extra fine roadsters. Including a grand car-
riage team, will be found In this lot.
Sale takes Place _ _
TUESDAY. April 28. 1904. at 3 P- ™-
At salesyard, 1732 Market St.. San Franclscu.
Horses at yard Monday, April «».
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Livestock Auctlone»rs.
*V^ BARGAINS AT AUCTION— 1 spa:*
Ar*$ driving horses. 1 fast pacer. 1 fa»t
pony. 12 draft horses. SO head of cheap horses.
3 camp. 4 peddling. 2 express, 1 butcher wag-
on. 25 surreys, buggies, carts. *O -sets harness
at 1140 FOLSOM, TUESDAT. April So, "
a. m. . WM. CLOUGH. Auctioneer. —
£^ £* £*
AUCTION SALE. MONDAY, April » **"
o'clock, at 615 ELLIS ST.. of a lot of WELL
BROKEN HORSES. S. WATKINS, Auction-
eer^ -
£s* 5>^ &fc
AUCTION SALE »t ARCADE HORSE MAR-
TfFT V7 SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY, April
gfat if a. ".By order of A W. Johwp I
will sell 35 good horses. JOHN J.
oolonel United States army (retired), beloved
father of Joseph Stewart Jr.. Mary E. Pat-
j. terson. Colonel William F. Stewart, Artil-
lery Corps, U. 8. A.; France* H. Martin,
end Charles. Helen A., Edward J., Josephine
A. and Alice Stewart, a native of Ken-
tucky aged 82 years 2 months and 25 days.
B7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at th* grave In the
i National Cemetery, at the Presidio of San
Francisco. The body will ¦ be met by the
military escort at the entrance to the res-
ervation, Lyon and Lombard streets, at 1:30
o'clock, and proceed thence to the grave.
8TROMBERG — In Oakland April 24. 1904,
Herman F. Stromberg. beloved son of J. F.
and the late Ida Stromberg. a native of
Ban Francisco, aged IS years 7 months and
4 days.
SWEENEY— Entered Into rest in this city.
April 22, 1904, Edward M., dearly beloved
husband of Eetella Sweeney, and brother of
John J. Sweeney, a native ot San Francisco,
aged 29 years and 11 months.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late i resi-
dence. 389 Oak street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for th« repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, by 11 o'clock
creek boat.
To the officers and members of Court
Jarr.es G. BlaJna No. 207, Foresters of
America— You are hereby notified to attend
the funeral of our late brother, Edwin M.
Sweeney, from his late residence. 3S9 Oak
street, on Monday morning, at 8:30 o'clock.
J. M. NEWBERT. Chief Rangw.
F. J. HARRINGTON, Rec. Sec.
WAGNER — In this city. April 24, 1904. Jean-
nette Wagner, beloved wife of the late
Henry B. Wagner, and dearly beloved mother
of Mrs. Honry L. Bettman. Mrs. Gus Muett-
man and Harry F., Charlie W. and George
Wagner, a native of Prussia. Germany, aged
65 years 4 months and fl days.
ICTServicrs and funeral strictly private.
WAKE: — In thi« city. April 24. 1904. Hannah
Wake, a native of Sunderland. England.
(English papers please copy.)
ETTrier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Western Addition Funeral Directors,
1724 Devisadero street., between Suttor and
Bush. ' Interment Odd Fellows* Cemetery.
WILLIAMS — In Oakland. Cal.. April 23, 190t.
Gus Williams, a native of Finland, aged U2
years.
CyFriends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock; from the funeral
parlors of Bessie J. Wood & Co.. 112S
Twenty-third avenue, Oakland. Interment
Evergreen Cemetery.
NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
Carriages can be obtained at any hour of
the (\uy or night at Hackmen's Headquarters.
1*05 Howard street. Telephone, South 41£>.
Orders promptly attended to.I; was asked to give the name for a
horse the other day. This is not near
so easy as you might imagine. It is
very seldom that j the j name of a horse
is altogether appropriate,' or. is entirely
satisfactory; to the*owner. Striking ex
amples of success may be found In the
astronomer,, who drove a", tandem, and
who christened his leader "Apo-gee"
and his wheeler '-'Peri-gee," and in the
medical student' with a* similar team
who called' his leader "0s Frontis."—
London Graphic: " ; ' .,
There are so many languages spoken
in the provinces of Austria-Hungary
that interpreters are > employed in the
various Parliaments to interpret the
speeches of the delegates and make
them intelligible to all the members.
Portland Slill Losing.
PORTLAND. April 24. — Seattle won
the third successive game from Port
land to-day by bunching hits in the
fifth Inning. Attendance 4000.
Score: R. H. E.
Portland 00100010 0 — 2 5 2
Seattle 0O0O.1O0O 0 — 3 6 3
llHUerict— Druhot and Steelman; Williams
and Iilankmshii*. Umpire— O'Conncll.
There are now living in the royal
aquarium, in Russia, several carp that
are said to be more than 600 years old.
Spsin has stopped the ringing of
church bells and Italy is likely, to fol
low her example. . ,
Sacra mrmo Defeats Oakland.
SACRAMENTO. April 24. — The I
pame between the Oakland and Sacra- ;
ir.ento ttams of the California LeaCT;* ,
vas a red-hot batting contest with
«i"-cn drtveg on each Kid** and both j
tHirlers pitching blic league ball. The i
«-o»itest was marred by the decisions of '
the umpire. Attendance 11*00. Sc<rrr:J
n. H. E. !
SuTampr.to 7 12 ."! .
Oeklfnd 6 11 4"
Itatterlr-s — Henley and LoTerica; i'erine -and :
Hanuao&U. CnJjure — Uuike. I
And now the dogs have their beauty
doctors-rthat is, Paris dogs have them
if their owners feel moved to pay the
necessary fees for the attentions of the
profession. Sooner or later everything
that human beings find good is adopt
ed by or is thruct upon the dogs, es
pecially pet dogs, and, absurd as it
may seem at first thought that a mas
seur for dogs should be able, to earn
his salt, it is easy to see, after* a mo
ment's reflection, that an unselfish
mistress, knowing . the comforting
power of massage, should want "dog
gie" to. experience it, too. It's a far
cry -.from- the position in life that a
dog who "sleeps out in the shed" holds
to that of one who Is massaged into
trimness and daintiness.— Boston Tran
script. ¦&§£§]
Dogs' Beauty Doctors.
Meanwhile this story came to the
ears of the painter in his cell and de
cided him to give up mourning for his
fickle sweetheart. He therefore secret
ly left the monastery, says the Swiss
Bund, and has now returned to his
studio in Florence.— London. Daily Mail.
Disappointed in his love for a young
lady, who preferred his friend, a well
known Dalnter in Florence last year
entered the monastery of Ascali-Plcer
no. The lady, on her part, disagreed
with her fiance and fell madly in love
with her confessor, to whom she fre
quently confided her love troubles.
Equally infatuated, the priest wrote
a letter to his Bishop renouncing his
orders, married his fair parishioner and
is now on his honeymoon.
A Complicated Love Affair.
The Reliance Club of Oakland will
next hold 'the center of the pugilistic
stage with an attractive double card on
Wednesday night. It is expected there
will be more actual fighting in the thir
ty advertised rounds than has been
seen since the Britt-Corbett affair.
Rufe Turner and Jack Cordell will be
the principal attraction. The public
frowns on return meetings as a rule
and the only legitimate excuse for giv
ing a defeated boxer . another oppor
tunity to make good is a question as to
how the previous bout should have end
ed. In the case of Turner and Cordell
this doubt exists. The white boy had
the going all his own way after the
flrst round and up to the eleventh,
when a well directed right hand swing
put him down for. the count. Careless
ness was responsible and Cordell has
every right to the fight he will wage
next Wednesday. Rube Smith is stak
ing his future in- these parts on his
ability to give George Brown a good
drubbing in the other event.
Turner-Cordell Bout ; ls Promising.
Totals 2* 5 8 27 ia| Totals 34 S 0 24 15
KUXK AND HITS 15 Y tKXZKOS.
l.,., A'erlrs 03 001100 X— 5
oJmtwT ¦"."..I 2 1 I 1 2 O O x-H
l>a«e bit* 5 0 O O 1 0 1 1 J— *
J^t-rfpn ba«»*— Bernard. Smith. n« i O.
fha*>. Raymond. Error*— HUdebrand. Miller
l2l. Jme* Home run— Cravoth. Two-f>ase
hit— Millar Hacrlflcc hit— Flocd. Flr*t base
on errors— Los Ans.elei' 2. Left on base*— Los
«.¦;¦¦• 4. San From-lnco 4. Flrft l*w on
oall'-d »>»li»— OTt J«nen .'!. Struck out — By Hall
2, by Jont« 4. Double plays— Miller to Mas
cry io Irwln: Anderson to &!aasey to Leahy;
nayracr.d to Chaw. Hit by p'trhed bail—Ber
nard. Time of game— 1:35- Umpire— Huston.
Attendance 5500. Score:
Los Atiff*!** — I Ban Francisco—
\B.R.H. P. A. AB.R.H-P. A.
H«"-nrd of 3 0 1 3 <>;w«ldn.cf 4 O 1 O «•
I lr-od 2b 3 O 2 1 2;Hildbd.lf 4 1 1 O «»
4 « <» 1 2:Me*n>.rf 4 1 I 2 O
f ¦•¦jivth rf : 2 2 « O;lrt\-in.r>.b. 4 © <? 4 «
R-W. If.. 3 114 UMaMryIb4 1 2 11 2
rh^e.Ib. 4 1 1 13 OLeehv.e. 4 O I 4 ft
!:»vmd.s 3 « 1 1 7;And*n.2b 4 O 1 £ .1
s; ¦'. •« c :{ O 0 4 t» Miller. s. 3 O 2 2 •»
Hall.p... 2 1 O O l'jonee.p.. 3 0 O o -
I>"fcat Uncle's Aceresration, Playing
All Branches of Game Cleverly.
LsOS AlCGELES, April 24. — San
Francisco got the majority of their
hits in the first inning: of the game
this afternoon and could do nothing
vith Hall's pitching after that. The
champions took a stiff brace in their
]. laying and neiding. ran bases and
hatted in their best form. They took
everv. imaginable chance on bases and
pot away with several startling plays.
AAGGLS IN* FORM AGAIX.
Stolen base— Deveraux. Errors — Casey, Egan,
TX-vercaux. Overall (2). Two-base hit— Lynch.
fiacrinc« hit— Krucer. First base on errors —
Tacoma 1, Oakland 3. First base on called
ball» O*T Overall 5. Left on base* — Tacoma
.T Oakland 7. Struck out — By Overall 2; by
•iraham 2. Hit by pitcher — Devereaux, Leh
man Srhafly. Double plays — Graham to Egan;
Francks to Streib; Casey to Egan to Nordyke:
HhPfhan to Egan to Nordyke. Passed ball-
Graham. Time cf game— One hour and forty
five minutes. "Umpire — Woodward.
SUMMARY
Overall was not himself In the
morning game and Lohman's stars
simply eloped with the game. The
big fellow gave five bases on balls
and hit three men. Then his sup
port was shady at the critical stages.
Oakland played a swell game in the
field. Graham had a good day, al
lowing but seven scattered hits and
walking: no one. More than 4000 fans
crowded the new grounds and gave
Overall a great ovation. The score:
Taccma — f Oakland —
AB.R. H. P.A.I AB.R. H. P.A.
Casey, 2b. 4 0 12 3<3anly, rf.5 12 11
Fhehn Xb.4 0 10 2'Frncks. s.5 0 15 7
Nrdyki lb.4 0 0 8 1 Krugr. If. 2 10 3 1
Epan e..4 1 2 4 .".Dnlvy, cf..l 10 10
Lvnch. cf.4 12 3 OHhafly. 2b.3 0 12 4
M'Lijn If. 3 0 12 0 Ptreib. lb.3 0 0 13 0
Hnlvn.' rf.3 0 0 0 0 Devrx. 5Jb.3 110 1
Grahm, c.3 0 0 5 S'Lohmn. c.2 2 0 2 0
Orrall. p.3 0 0 0 2 Grahm, p.3 12 0 1
Totals. 32 2 7 24 14' Totals.29 7 7 27 15
/\ ,: RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—2
Bate hits 02210010 1—7
Oakland 0 O.I 0 1 I 3 1 x— 7
Bane hit* 1O101112 x— 7
Overall in Poor Form.
A large crowd witnessed an excit
ing lacrosse contest between the "San
Francisco and Ran Mateo teams yes
terday at the Presidio Athletic
grounds.
The home team won by a score of
5 to 1, but the playing throughout the
entire game was even. The' rural
players lost more through poor luck
than poor playing.
In the first quarter of the game
neither side scored, and the ball was
rushed batk and forth many times
across the field. The second quarter
promised to end aa the flrst, until
Darragh, playing at inside home on
the San Francisco team, landed the
ball neatly inside ( the wicket of his
opponents.
Judge, playing second home, repeat
ed this in the third quarter, making
the score 2-0 in favor of. the home
team. The third quarter was by far
the most exciting. part of the contest
and several men were laid low by the
flying sticks.
From the sound o> the whistle in
the opening' of the fourth and last
quarter, the men r>layed furiously,
and it looked for a while as if either
side might score repeatedly. Crilly.
playing outside home for San Fran
cisco, scored In the'early part of the
play, and followed this by making two
more points. With the score standing
5-9, and. with but a few. minutes left
in which to. play, Martin Lyons of the
San Mateo team rushed the ball into
the wicket. He was unable to score
again before time was called. The
teams: >
San Franclrco — Blackwetl. Lynch, Beardmore.
Hughes Renwlcke, I Walsh, Watt, Peterson,
Judge, McLaughlin, Crilly. Darragh. : /¦¦ -•
San- Mateo— De Mara, Pease, . Degan, AH,
Stagg. Meyers, : Gllllntfhan. Brown, Martin Ly
ons. J. J. ' Lyons. M. J. Lyons. Dr. Slsson.,
Umpires — Max Rosenfeld and J. McCormick.
Referee^ — M. J. Tansey. i\\
Defeats lite Clever San' Mateo Players
in Exciting Game at the Prc
' sitlio Grounds.
SAX FRAXCISCO LACROSSE
TEAM PROVES VICTORIOUS
Members of the Brooklyn and Phila
delphia Clubs Are Arrested at
Washington Park.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, April 24. — Whether
the playing of baseball in Greater New
York on Sunday is illegal is to be de
cided on a test case, the first step in
which was taken to-day under instruc
tions issued by Police Commissioner
McAdoo. At the outset of the game
at "Washington Park, Brooklyn, to-day
the police arrested Pitcher Poole and
Catcher Jacklitsch of the home team
and Frank Roth of the Philadelphia
team after the first named had pitched
the second ball. They were charged
with violation of the Penal Code which
prohibits racing, gaming and other
public sports on the first day of the
week. Manager Hanlon of the Brook
lyn team then substituted Thatcher
and Ritter as the < local battery and
the game proceeded without fur
ther interruption. Attendance. 11,000.
Score:
R. H. E.
Brooklyn 8 13 1
Philadelphia 6 9 1
Batteries — Thatcher and Ritter; Duggleby
and Dooln. Umpire — Emslle. -
CHICAGO, April 24. — The three runs scored
on both sides In the second inning- were prin
cipally results of battery errors, the winning
one beins earned by the visitors. Attendance,
11.000. Score: , . r £ r
Chicago 3 8 . 4
St. Louis 4 B 2
liatt?rir"> — Brown and Holme*, Dunleavy and
Byers. Umpire — O'Day.
CINCINNATI. April 24. — Cincinnati won by
an exciting ninth-Inning rally. Twice In the
ninth Cincinnati had the bases full, their first
run In this inning bring brought across on a
fcrre out at second, and the winning tally on
a drive to center by Corcoran ¦ that would
have teen good for three bases If necessary.
Lecver was put out of the game for assault
ing Umpire Johnstone. Attendance, 14,200.
Score:
:B. H. E.
Cincinnati « 11 1
pm»bunc 5 S 3
Batteries — Suthoff. Kellum and Schlel; Lee,
Pf'-intex and Carrlsch. Umpire — Johnstone.
AMERICAN LEAGUE. '
CHICAGO. April 24.— Chicago made a Rreat
finish In the ninth inning. With two out and
a man on third Hpss hit Holmes, and passed
Jones, filling the "bases. Callahan hit over
Lueh'e head for two bases, scoring three runs.
He scored the winning run on Green's double
to right. Attendance, 6300. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago • 5 9 0
Cleveland ..4 J) rj
Batteries — Dougherty. Flaherty and Sullivan;
Hess and 1 Bemls.
ST. LOUIS. April 24. — A twelve-Inning tie
game was played here to-day. It was hotly
contested throughout. The errors were equally
dlvided. Attendance, 11,300. Scone:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 4 10 2
Detroit • 4 12 2
Batteries— EudhoS and Kugden; Klllian and :
Woods. • ~ • ¦
TEST CASE WILL BE >IAI)E
OF SUNDAY . BALLPLAYIXG
The big fellow spent Sunday in Oak
land. He certainly looks as if his mat
rimonial venture has completed his
happiness, for to-day he had a smile
and cordial handclasp for all his friends
as they offered congratulations and
wjished long life and prosperity to the
champion and his bride. The champion
and his wife spent the greater part of
the day at the home of "Billy" De
laney.
"Big Jim" Jeffries, the world's great
est pugilist, who was married in Oak
land last night, will spend his honey
moon at Harbin Springs, where he will
pass the time getting into condition fur
his coining battle with Jack Munroe.
Jeff will leave Oakland to-morrow
morning, accomDanied by his wife and
by Billy Delanev, and will go direct to'
the springs, where his brother Jack and
Kid Eagan are already installed. He
will . begin training at once, but will
take things easy for the first ten day3,
after which he will be joined by Joe
Kennedy and then the champion's work
will begin in earnest.
Leaves for Harbin Springs To-Day,
Accompanied by His Bride, Where
They Go Honeymooning;.
Oakland Oftice San Francisco Call.
1M8 Broadway, April 24.
JEFFRIES HEADY TO TKAIX
FOR HIS NEXT ENGAGEMENT
The Pinte. Owned by O. M. I'orrert,
Covers Course In Fastest Time
of the Day.
There was a good wind on Sprecb
el9 Lake in Golden Gate Par* yester
day, when some fast races were sailed
by the model yacht3. The final rac«
of the trial heats of last Sunday re
sulted In a victory for O. M. Forrest's
Piute. The winning boat finished 12
seconds ahead of the Sophie. The Al
batross was a poor third. The
Amelia did not finish.
The pennant for yesterday's races
was won by J. E. Brannon's Sophie.
The Sophie Won easily from the Piutc
and Fannie. The Piute. however,
had the distinction of making the best
time of the day. She sailed the
course in 4:36. The Sophie was
second in 4:40.
The second semi-finals was not
held, the boats going Into the finals
being those finishing first and second
in the first semi-finals, and Collier
Brothers' Fannie, which was fouled at
the finish of the course.
Following is a summary of the
races:
FIRST TRIAIj.
Boat. Owner. Time.
Piute Fcrrest 4 :5S
Sophie Brannon 4 :4*
A lba tross Nelson 6:41
Amelia '. Hay 8:51
SECOND TRIAU
Boat Owner. Time.
Reuben Stevenson «:C5
Fannie Collier brother«.......o:20
Witch Jenuns V£*&2
Florence -Sandy Foul«4
THIRD TRIAL.
Boat Owner. Tim*.
Fannie. Collier Brothers 5:21
Amelia Hay 6:1«
Witch Gemma 6:3*
Grace Brannon .......7:19
FIRST SEMI-FIN AI*.
Boat Owner. Time.
Piute..' .Forrest .'.4:5ft
Sophie... Brannon ...; 5:M
Reuben 3tevenson » «:»>
Amelia ...Hay 8:25
Fannie Collier BroB.FouIed at finish
FI^'AL RACE.
Boat Owner. Time.
Sophie' Brannon 4:43
Fannie Collier Bros 5:15
Piute Forrest 5:28
FINAL RACE FOR APRIL 17.
Boat. Owner. Time.
Piute. Forrest .' 4 :48
Sophie t Brannon 3:00
Albatross Nelson ... : 7:41
Amelia.... Hay Did not finish
MODEL YACHTS ARE SAILED
OX SPRECKELS LAKE WATERS
GOLCHER AND BUOTHERTON"
LEAD IX PLYCASTIXG
Make the l-»j;liest Scores In Long
Distance Event in Competition
on Stow Lake.
An unusually large number of fly
casters took part in the competition
of the San Francisco Flycasters' Club
yesterday" at Stow Lake, Golden Gate
Park. H. C. Golcher was highest of
the distance casters with 119 feet to
his credit; T. W. Brotherton was sec
ond with 106 feet.. >V. D. Mansfield
was best of the lure casters, scoring
96:5 per cent. The official scores
follow: '
O > | , Delicacy. f
! h fi |I I j?f
CONTESTANTS £ f Qp, QZ ° ~|
";•*-" s. r : ? ¦ r Q : * •
|_'._1 \1 1 1
C. G. Voutu?.... |S5.8]S6.4l$3.10]8G.l |93.«
F H. Reed 83 |H4.8 IKI.8,95 04.4 89.3
Charles Huck... 88 |00 82. 8)76.8 TO. 8
H. B Sperry... 07 |S2 90 |H2.B H6.3
Dr. W. E. Brooks 00 |87.s;8d 98.4 M.B
G H. Foulks... X2 85.4]92.4 78.8 84.6 ....
F. M. Halght... 02" «;«.8,89.4 85 87.2
W.J. L. Kierulff ..... «<0.8;8l.8 75.10 78.9
C. It. Kenntff... 103 95 94 |81.8 02.10
J. O. Harron... ..... ...82.8 74.2 78.5
T. W. Broth' ton 106 01.4 S«. 8 84.2 85.5 94
T. C. Kierulff.. S4 8J.8 89.8 84.2 80.1192
H. C. Golcher.. 119 SB. 8 88.8 89.2 S8.ll
Oeorke Lane J91.S91.S 01.8
W; D. Mansfield 5K>.4;94 .90 |92 9G.3
Re-entry —
T. W. Broth'ton ..... 80.4 92.5
W. D. Mansfield 90
C. G. Young:..... ....'. .... .... 83.1
F. H. Reed S3. 2
T..C. Kierulff 83.8
- -
Stolen bases— Ganloy (2), Kroner, JCordyke,
Egan. Errcrs— Kruger. Lohman. Nordyke^a
*ey. First t-'ar* on errors — Oakland 1. First
base on calif 4 balls— Off Buchanan, 2; off
Keefe 7. Left on bases — Oakland 9. Tacoma
4. Struck out — By Buchanan, 4; by Keefe. 5.
Hit by pitcher — Bhcehan. Double play — Lynch
to Hopan. Time of name — One hour and flfty
fiffc minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
SUMMARY.
Totals. 31 2 6 2T ll" Totals. 23 1 4*26 13
•Two out when winning: run scored.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma 0 O O 0 0 0 1 0 0—1
Base hits 100000210—4
Oakland 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 1—2
Base hits 130000110—6
AB.R. EL P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Ganlr, rf.3 1 O 3 liCasey. 2b.4 0 12 4
Frncks p 5 « 0 .1 S =hehn T.b.3 «» 1 0 1
Krupr 'if .4 OI4 0 Xrlyk. lb.3 O 0 12 0
Dnlvy,' cf .4 0 0 O OjEean. S..3 0 0 12
Ehafly, 2b.2 0 10 l| Lynch, cf.4 112 2
Streib lb.4 O 2 11 OM'Un, lf-3 0 0 10
Devrx 3b.2 1OO1 Hnivn. rf.3 0110
Lohmn, c.4 0 2 6 2 Hogan, c.3 O 0 7. 0
Buchn p.3 0 0 0 ltKeefe, p.. 3 0 0 0 4
But Casey has to fumble sometimes
and this was one of those times. It
filled ur> every base and along came
Buck Francks with a fly to deep cen
ter. Dcvereaux had all kinds of time
to come in, and he finally arrived and
to the downfall of Mike Fisher came
about. The score:
Oakland — 1 Tacoma —
That was the first run of the game.
Ganky had partaken of a base on balls?
and lost not a minute in stealing sec
ond. Francks'. out sent him up on3
and then the big stunt came off. Keefc
began to swing his mighty right and
Ganley started in the first go around.
He never stopped running, either, till
he landed Fafely on the rubber, amid
the frantic yells of the gathering.
Then the breathless anxiety ruled for
four more rounds. With one down
Lynch tore off a hit to left field in the
seventh. Kruger was not as spry as
usual and the bail got away from him
and stayed away long enough to allow
Lynch to fcramble to second. He had
hardly landed before McLaughlin went
out easily and it looked dubious for
Miko. Hannivan had the necessary
one in the shape of a bingle to right
that brought in the run.
The Tiger? were dead ones for the
rest of the game. But Oakland got a
start with the first man up in the
nlntti. Pfvereaux talked Keefe out of
a base en balls, but old Peter bunted
the third etrike. Buchanan simply
waited ar.d got his pass. Then the
hard luck error happened, when Gan
ley rolled a pretty one down to Casey
tnat should have been a double play
ar.d marked the close of the ninth.
CASITVS COSTLY FUMBLE.
Mike Fisher has ceased to be a head
liner in baseball society. He was the
big chief till the ninth round had
passed into history yesterday afternoon
at Recreation Park. Then the cruel
blow of fate in the form of a long fly
from the bat of one Francks landed in
the middle of Mikes plexus and he had
to give way to Peter Lohman. Mike
nevtr had a chance in the morning en
gagement. Scures: Morning — Oakland
7. Tacoma 2. Afternoon — Oakland 2,
Tacoma 1.
It was a real old gala day at the
park, for every one had heard about
Bobby Keefe, the boy wonder, and they
all wanted to be there when he started
in to bewilder the Oaks. He handed
out some choice curves, but was not
there with the control. His two bases
on balls in the last period caused him
to drop his first game this season.
Buchar.r.an really pitched a better
game of ball. He started off wildly,
allowing a hit and two walks in the
first round, but when he settled down
he had the Tigers reaching and jump
ing and making high signs at the ball
as it eluded their frantic efforts.
It was a swell panic of ball for the
fans to admire— full of the brightest
kind of fielding and uncertain in every
inning. Streib, Eagan and Francks
were the kings of the fielding layout,
while Bobby Ganley had every one in
the let pulling for him when he stole
the plate in round three while Keefc
was doing a seven-day wind-up before
delivering the ba'l to the batter.
GAXLEV STKALS HOME.
W. L. PC.! W. L.. PC.
Oakland IS 10 .O4rSeattle 13 11.542
Iajs Angrles.17 11 .urle-an Fran 12 1« .428
Tacoma 10 11 .Mi:-. J Port land 4 21 -l«0
STANDING OF THU CLI'BS.
Grand national — Rubber Ankles beat Sacra
mento Boy. .'S-2; Rubbfr Ankles beat Sacra
mento Boy. C-0; Sacramento Boy beat Rubber
Ankles. !»-5; Sacramento Boy beat Rubber
Anklec 12-3; Rubber Ankles beat Sacramento
Boy, 4-0.
Fourth round — Haphazard beat Viking. 6-0:
Faraway beat Rocker Arm. 3-1; Fontenoy beat
Favor Fre«-. 0-3: Hudson beat Belle Free. 5-2.
Fifth round — Haphazard beat Faraway, 22-0;
Hudson b*At Fontenoy. 6-2.
Deciding cour3e — Hucson beat Haphazard,
7-3.
Third rennd — Haphazard beat Tralee I^ass,
4-2; VJklr.s beat Gambit. 4-2: Faraway a bye,
Qu«-on"s Motto withdrawn; Rocker Arm beat
Aeolus.. 5-1; Favor Free beat Concord Tralee.
5-3: Fonteuoy btat The Refere?. 4-3; Hudson
beat R»'d Rock, 14-S; Belle Free beat Cubanola,
16-8.
hfcond round — Haphazard beat CloverJale.
2-0: Trale* Lass beat Boots. 4-3; Vlkine towu
T«rra Cotta. 5-0; Gambit beat Sempronius,
5-3; Queen's Motto beat Creswick, 2C-t>; Far
away heat Texas lloo Hoo. 3-0; Aeolus beat
PlougTrman; 4-.1; Rocker Arm beat Mcnlo
Prince. 3-2; Concord Tralee beat Regal Attire,
2-0: Favor Free beat Idaho Boy. 3-0; Fon
tt^rvy ;beat Joe Pasha. «M>; The Referee beat
Puhallow. 4-2; Lulu Girl beat Hudson. 4-3;
It^d Rock beat Terah. 5-3; Belle Free beat
Master Rocket. 5-3; Cubanola beat Lily Wright,
5-O.
This was apparently as far as the
up-country dog could go, as he was
beaten in the decisive course after hold-
Ing his opponent level to the hare. Rub
ber Ankles led to the hare by a good
margin In the flrst three courses. She
was led a length in the fourth course,
and it was an even run-up in the fifth.
T. J. Cronin's promising young dog
Hudson carried off the honors in the
reserve stake. He beat in turn Conroy,
Lulu Girl, Red Rock, Belle Free, Fonte
noy and in the deciding course Hap
hazard. There was an element of luck
in the latter course. The score was
even when Haphazard caught the hare,
and a kill meant the long end of the
purse for his owner. Instead of killing:
he let the hare escape him, and Hud
son quickly scored a turn and the kill,
winning by a safe margin.
In the semf-final round Faraway led
Haphazard well, but the latter evened
the score, making it an undecided
course. At the next attempt Faraway
had lust all his bottled-up speed and
was beaten badly. Judge Reilly earned
the applause of the spectators by de
claring all bets off.
The day's results in detail follow,
with Judge P. J. Reilly's official scores:
Reserve stake — Haphazard beat Melllnwood.
4-2: Clnvcrdale beat Icdlus. 12-5; Traloe Lass
be^t Pear Gaston, i»-4; Boots beat Toronto,
•'t-2: Viking beat I/onr.y brook. 3-2; Terra Cntta
b»at Fenii, 4-0; Gambit beat Rapid Water.
4-3: S-mpronius beat Rich Array. 4-0: Cres
wiek Vat Mr. Zignego. «-0; Queen's Motto
beat Golden Light, 13-7; Faraway beat Racing;
Auto. 5-2: Texas lloo Hoo beat Lost Chord,
4-2; Ploughman beat Trxas Manic. 2-1; Aeolus
be&t Rocki feller. 5-4; Rocker Arm beat Hon
est John. ;»-0. ilenlo Prince beat Texas Jill.
4-:>: Ccnc-jrd Tralce beat Aggie W. 4-1; Regal
Attfre best M^rry -Go- Round. 7-1; Favor Free
beat Sacramento Lass. «i-O: Idaho Boy beat
Willie Boy. 4-0; Fcntenoy beat Tom Kcene,
4-1: Joe Pasha beat Flaunt, 7-4; The Referee
beat John Heenan, 3-2; Duhallow beat Vandal,
5-«»; Lulu Girl beat The Coroner. 4-0; Hudson
beat ronroy. 4-0; Terah beat Ruby Sankey.
6-5; Red Rock baat Golden Fortune, 3-0;
Waiter Rccket bent Tralee Boy. 0-4: Belle
Free beat Roy Hughie. 3-1; Cubanola beat Sir
Wir.ton. 4-1; Lily Wright beat Frisky Bar
bara. 5-1.
James Sweeney's beautiful* greyhound
Rubber Ankles and D. Walsh's famous
campaigner Sacramento Boy had a bat
tle royal yesterday on the field at Un
ion Coursing Park. They met in the
third of the eeries of courses for the
Grand National Champion stakes, and
It required five trials before a winner
could be named. Rubber Ankles won
the first two courses. Sacramento Boy
then evened the score by taking the
next two courses.
Puppy stake: First round — Humboldt beat
Black Lucy. 4-2: Prosperity beat Belvedere,
5-2; Yellowstone beat Bright Columbia. 3-2;
Octavious beat Young McDonald, 4-0; Lady
Dorrltt beat Igniter, 10-0: Silent Water beat
Little Buttercup. 14-0; Fiddler beat Soroce,
5-2; Good-as-Gold beat Bluebeard. 6-2.
Second round — Humboldt beat Prosperity,
12-0; Octavious beat Yellowstone. 5-3; Lady
Dorritt beat KHent Water. 7-2; Fiddler beat
Good-as-Gold. 5-1.
Third round — Humboldt beat Octavious, 22-4;
FIddl«r beat Lady Dorritt. 7-4.
Deciding course — Humboldt won by default.
Tiddler withdrawn.
. In the puppy stake at Ingleside
Coursing Park yesterday F. Brown's
fast young greyhound Humboldt made
an Impression on the people who keep
tab on the dogs. The way he ran
showed plainly he is a coming courser.
Stake honors went to him by default.
Fiddler, the runner up, was with
drawn. As the *hare was liberated for
the last course the dogs were started
in pursuit, but in some manner the
slips did not act. Fiddler was released,
but Humboldt's collar refused'to work.
Fiddler ran up the field alone and wa3
a long time in pursuit of the hare be
fore he drove it to the escape. He was
then drawn. and bets were declared off.
Reckless Acrobat won the open stake,
beating Bright Fortune without allow
ing her to score a point. A few short
ends landed, some of them being- hard
knocks for the talent. Foxhunter was
?he cause of much sorrow for the wise
ones. In the second round, after an
undecided course, he took Pasha Pleas
ant, a 1 to 5 favorite, into camp. Little
Lucy beat Lord Brazen at 4 to 1.
Young Klamath beat Orsina at 3 to 1.
Following are the day's results with
Judge Thomas Tierney's official scores:
Concord Boy boat Tom Hurllck. 19-0; Old
Ironsides beat Clcbefel. 0-5; Foxhunter beat
Hermit. 4-0; Pasha Pleasant beat Medley, 5-2;
Warco beat Irteh Lad 5-1: Bright Fortune
beat Haptime. 5-4; Mickey Free beat J K II,
6-1; Black Coon beat Koyal Friend. 7-1; Adonis
beat Rusty Ax. 7-1; Sea Lion beat Meddle
some. 7-2; Hed Pepper beat Real t Duchess.
B-0: Prometheus beat -Lord Qranard, 5-0;
Younsr Johnhy Rex beat Helen Hay. a, C-2;
Game Boy beat Silver Cloud, 13-4; Ragged
Actor a bye; Pure Pearl beat Star Sylvanus,
4-1; Commercial Traveler beat Colored Lady,
G-2: Princess Savoy beat Rose of Gold, l»-2;
Firm Fellow beat Yellow Tail. 3-2; Little Lucy
beat Lord Brazen. 3-0s Apple Blossom beat
Belfast 7-4; Bob n beat, Dorothy M 4-1:
Jerry Wright beat Crawford Belle 5-0; Real
Pasha beat Rich Argosy; - ti-1; Vina beat
Haughty Helen, .T-2; Toung Klammath beat Or-.
Blna, 3-0; Lily York beat Thetis, 3-0; Pepper
Hill beat Imperious, 3-1; Cosette beat Wattles
3-1; Reckless Acrobat beat Equator. 5-2;
Idleness b«at Mark Twain. 5-3; Maid of the
Glen beat Frisky Boy. 9-4.
Second round — Old Ironsides beat Concord
Boy, 4-D: FoxhunH-r beat Pacha Pleasant, 7-5;
Bright Fortune beat Warco. t-0; Black Coon
bent Mickey Free. :i-2; Sea Lion beat Adoni»,
6-1; Rt'd Pepper beat Prometheus. 5-1; Young
Johnny Rpx beat Game Boy, 13-2; Ragged
Actor bfat Pure Pearl, 3-2: Princess Savoy beat
Commercial Trivel<»r. 12-5; Firm Fellow beat
Little Lucy. 5-i; Bob R beat Apple Blossom,
10-!*; Jerry Wright beat Real Pasha. 5-1; Vina
beat YO&ng Klamath. 10-1; Pepper Hill beat
L!!y York, 5-0; Reckless Acrobat beat Cosette,
S-0; Idleness beat Maid of the Glen. 5-1.
Third round— Foxhunter beat Old Ironsides.
5-2: Bright Fortune beat Black Coon, 4-2; Red
Pepper beat Sea Lion, 4-O; Young Johnny Rex
beat Rp.jrged Actcr. 12-5; Firm Fellow a by*-;
Vina a bye; -Jerry Wright beat Pepper Hill,
7-2; Recklets Acrcbat beat Idleness, 5-3.
' Fourth round — Bright Fortune beat Fox
hunter, 4-.'!; Red Pepper beat Young Johnny
Rex. :j-0; Jerry Wright beat Firm Fellow, 3-1;
Reck)es8 jVcrob«t'be»ttVin»;->4-2.— • • •-< ¦*•» ¦«
Fifth round — Bright Fortune beat Red Pep
per. 4-2; Reckless Acrobat beat Jerry Wright,
4-3.
Deciding course — Reckless Acrobat beat
Bright Fortune. 5-0.
Ytrsl race — Dora I, The Stewardess,
Resigned.
. Second race— Prince Brutus, George
P. McXear. Roman I^ady.
Tliird race —^Aunt Polly, Agnes
Mack. Alice Carey.
Fourth ra<f — Pierce J, Redvrald,
.'.idr** Voorhies.
. lifth race— Sweet Tooth, 3Iisty*s
I»ride, 3limo.
Sixth race — CaronaJ, Illilouon,
Soothsayer.
PROB.\BLE WTXXnKR.
¦ Kacing will continue for only two
creeks more at Oakland, as Saturday,
May T, will mark the close of a suc
cessful sea*on. Interesting sport is fur
r.is-hed daily and the attendance keeps
up well.
A pood programme has been arrangod
for this week, including a number of
handicaps. On Wednesday there will
be one at a mile and seventy yards for
three-year-olds and upward. On Satur
day the best i>erformers at the track
will meet in a mile and a furlong
cyent. .
A number of owners will ship to
Kastorn and Middle Western points
during the week. P. Ryan starts to
morrow for New York, taking Honiton,
lien MacDhui and My Order.
• Among a x»artv of prominent turfmen
«ho left for Chicago by yesterday
rooming's: overland wore A.J. Levy,
J"£n Quinn, Frank Shorten. Jack At
kin. George North, Bill Henry and
Wally Brinkworth.
ENTREES FOB TO-DAY.
Kir*t rac» — Six ar.d a half furlongrs. three-
J^&r-old« and up. seising.
i*V^i *Vii?orttBo (Appleby tc Co.) 1C2
««21 The Stexrard-rt* < Winter & Johnson .. 1 00
•i;74 Cclorfl Ballantyne <Kine) 110
M»7S Kubclik (McAllister & Co.) 102
**?*> Miss Vc-ra (Lynch) 1<H»
Bab (C*.hl!3) 10r.
»»3S ilcEigneil (Macdonalfl) V.' »7
t «^:"5 Gondciu* <Joune*s) MB
Kt.-Xi Emil (William*) 1<!2
nil WiFtari* «.Stockton Stable) 97
«i57 Dot* I (Wcllnian) 105
Im.<# Vaurhan (Mrs. Hertrjcll) S»4
Second race — Four lurlorgs. two-year-olds,
iacf*-\v:iia <r>ob*cn» 1O»
OC76 Oor»r* P. McXmlt (Sto\-er) 115
Roman Lar> .-.:.-. i- :.-..».; i US
BrutUE-Goldf n Locks.
Gct-tip^r iTouhey) 107
Coionel Wheelcr-Confldante.
«a;7ft Pearl Water* (Waters) W
(•'¦•¦TOPr.nt* Brutus (Cameron) 107
«<-70 EOucrdo (Blnkeman) ..112
m:70 UaKuiu Ca«=le <Mil!er) y»
Thiri rape — Kuturity course, four-year-olds
tr.-l op, ee'.Iirj:
iM9 \M1. wtioa* (Fine) \\S
«o75 {Af:n«* Mack (MrCleaxy) 110
«A9 X'illsh (McKrntlo) 110
(»'.71 *Picka\»-a>- ( Jackson) 1'j2
•'''¦' Pandie Belle <W!nter> 1"5
(W.:. Our Pr5(*e (Howe stable) 107
• .«75 •Alice Oarey <B<K>tt«er) 105
(KM Flyer <Hya:i> IW
(U'.IO "Cherries tStaver) - » 93
CMl Autit Polly (Graffort) 10S
fi«V» M<xi<Jer lHtlckholz) 107
,«0M Benlash iJeunes*) 107
SLos Angrlcs index.
Fourth race — One mile and fifty yard?; three
.,.'..- and up: selling:
«*;::! Pa*t Marter (McAlr^ter) 10»
•»;(»«» »Judge VoorhwF (Murray) US
(•SKMlPierce J <S:over) 11
4«X.ra«)Sr.lim:s iL«*vy) 105
6S37 'ilmr «Oilbert> 100 1
«;«1" Arthur K«y (Clayton) 10« j
«•(-'.•; Herka < Wrr.t worth) 03]
*i«'7m«'dwa!d (Magrcnr » 10.1 i
. «;.vr> •Ir.i«p^!-tor Munro (Fox> -. «5 '
f*T.-2 *Ja«-k Little «Kine> 32
OC30 Anirad tColTc y> !W
OaC3 Kvlo II (Harrison* 105
Klfth race — Pix lurlong*: four-year-olds and
up; welling:
«nw< »r>nllic Wetilioff fWeaver) 10«
.!,H"Hi\\ae«'r <Hay»*l 113
l«87U8»«eC Tooth (Cabil!) l«i
<»427)"Mimo *Sheridan> 101
«;»;49 Mechanu* <Kector> H*6
«";7 MlEty'* Prld* <Jone») 101
<»;fi40»*t>t. 'Wiriifride (Painter) !>9
.r*r-2 l>iuis Wbkikt <McAlester & Co.) HX>
cr?*i "Hainault <Thcman & Reavey) Kj8
«CJ7 Lady Kent 'Wellman) T04
<r*43)*Colon»;l Van (Fountain) 101
Cfil4 Clauds (Ryan) 106
JSxth race — One and a sixteenth miles; thre«
year-ohifi and up: felling:
( .«^)raronal (C"nai>pell) 1«9
«6«:«« •Laocoon (Coffey) 97
nfttX »Oro Viva (Fountain) 100
.«M2 •Illllouon (Randall) 106
• «t* Soothsayer (Wilkereon) 9fl
€C08 Forest King (Jones) 105
•Apprentice allowance.
The opening cruise of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club took place yesterday.
At 11:45 a. m. Commodore W. G. Mor
row, on the flagship Challenger, set the
signal "R. J. M.." which, being inter
preted, signifies "Follow movements of
the flagship." Scarcely a breath of
wind stirred the unruffled surface of
the waters and the fleet lay idle at its
moorings until about 2:30 p. m.
During the long wait the members of
the De Koven Club furnished much
amusement by their funny stunts on
the club wharf, while a gayly attired
crew of bandsmen o'n board A. C. Lee's
sloop Ariel rendered several popular
airs on brass Instruments. The breeze,
when it did come, freshened rapidly
and the flagship, followed. by the sloop
Nellie, flying Vice Commodore H. H.
Jenness 1 flag, H. R. Simpkins' yawl
Tramontana, J. V. Coleman's schooner
Aggie, J. R. Hanify's schooner Martha,
W. F. Burke's little yawl Witch, R. S.
Bridgman'a sloop Thetis, the sloops An
nie, Curlew, Alice and Surprise, cruised
toward Fort Point and almost out to
Point Lobos. F. A. Hyde's motor boat
Vladimir went out for a trip in the
morning and again in tne aftemoon.
The breeze in the channel was steady
and true, delighting the yachtsmen so
much that they stayed too long. The
wind dropped and the flood tide set
most of the fleet to leeward of Alca
traz in the direction of Angel Island.
Toward sundown a little breeze sprang
up, but the yachtsmen were not able
to- shape their course for Sausalito un
til the tide bercan to ebb at about 7
p. m. All the yacfrts, however, reached
their moorings safely, though some
what late in the evening. .
The members of the De Koven Club
were taker, out for a cruise on F. A.
Robbins' launch Rob Roy, which land
ed them at Powell street wharf. Two
ct three of the San Francisco fleet
are not yet in commission, but will be
ready to sail in a week or two. M. A.
Newell's new schooner Lady Ada was
under sail yesterday, as also was the
sloop Corinthian.
Several well-known yachtsmen came
over from Tiburon to Sausalito on
Saturday night to attend the opening
jinks, which were highly successful.
Among the visitors were Commodore
T. Jennings, Vice Commodore J. C.
Brickell. Secretary E. J. Bowes, ex-
Commodore E. F. Sagar. "Jack" and
"Bunty" Short, F. E. Schober, Lester
Hammersmith, Frank Stone, Douglas
Efskine and S. M. Marshall of the Cor
inthian Yacht Club.
Some good practice matches were
played on the California 1 Club courts,
the best of which* was a doubles, in
which the Smith brothers won two sets
out of three from Frank Mitchell and
Harry Rolfe.
A return practice match between
Herbert Long of the California Club
and Clarence Griffin of the Golden Gate
Club resulted in another victory for
Long, the score being 3-6, 6-3, 6-1.
The following matches were played
on the club courts:
Merle Johnson and Tracy Crawford tied,
fl-0 2-0: Ray Cornell and Will Allen tied. 7-5.
2-6- C. N. Ravlln and Dr. Noble beat C.
Sayre and McKee, <t-2. <>-3. 7-5: Dr. and Mrs.
Lovegrrve brat H. Spring and E. Robbins, 3-0.
0-3. 0-1: Koehl'r beat Angle. 6-4. fi-1: Will
Allen beat H. Roi'e. «-2. 4-2: Smith brothers
beat Mitchell and Rolfe. 0-4. 5-7, 0-1: Mitchell
beat G Smith. 8-0; Hans Lisser b*at Gus
Lister, 0-4. rt-4; Spring beat Robbins, 6-1, 6-2.
Second round — Ambrose and Hotchkiss
(scratch) beat Baker brothers fowe 15 2-6).
6-1. 10-8; Brabant and Gayness (2-6) beat
Teller and Varr (5-6). «-2. 6-4; Bates and Fin-,
negan (4-0) beat Miller and Turner (15 3-6),
0-1. 6-2; Foley and Dunlap (owe 3-«) beat
Allan brothers (30), H-2. 6-4. .
Preliminary round — N. Ambrose and M.
Hctchklss (scratch) beat Glynn and Keller,- by
default; F. W'olfson and II. Gabriel (15 1-C)
beat G. Guerln and G. Hall (15 1-6), 0-3. C-l:
C. Teller and R. Parr <r»-6) beat F. Adams and
L. Howcll (15), 4-«. 10-S, »-7: A. Brabant and
S. Gayness (2-«) beat E. Burough and E. Saul
(30), 0-4, 6-2: J. A. Code and R. Drolla (4-C)
beat J. B Adams and J. M. Baker (15 2-6),
C-0, 8-10. rt-3; Miller and Turner (15 3-6) beat
Edwards <»nd Josephs* (15 2-6). B-l. U-2: Otis
and Gott (5-6) beat Clinch and Powell, by de
fault: G. Bate* and E. Finnegan (4-C) < beat
Martin and L?mon (15 2-0). 6-1, 13-U; Dames
and Mnrvin (15 3-6) beat Little and Quick, by
default; C. Dunlap and C Foley (owe 3-6)
beat J. Brady and G. Lytton (IB), by default.
First round — Baker brothers (owe 15 2-6)
b*at Longr brothers (4-0), C-4, fi-3; Ambrose
and HotchkigB beat Kerns and Martin, by de
fault: Teller and Parr <5-G) beat Wolfson and
Gabriel (15 1-0), 3-fl. 6-4. 6-2; Brabant and
Gayness (2-6) beat Code and Drolla (4-6), 4-6.
0-4, 6-2; Miller and Turner beat Otis- and
Gott, by default: Bates and Finnegan (4-6)
beat Davies and Marvin (15 3-6). 0-1, 6-2;
Dur.lap and Foley (owe 3-6) beat W. Allen
anl C. Griffin (owe 15). 6-3. 0-2; Allan
brothers beat "Finch and Marln. by default.
Bates and Finnegan and Martin and
Lemon played the longest set of the
day, the score' being 13-11.
The three remaining matches will be
played next Sunday. Ambrose and
Hotchkiss (scratch) will play Brabant
and Gayness (2-6) and Bates and Fin
negan (4-6) will meet Foley and Dun
lap (owe 3-6). The scores follow:
The fine -weather attracted many
players to the Park and California Club
tennis courts yesterday. : On the public
grounds a handicap doubles tourna
ment Xor the three-time cups was play
ed, while at. the club , courts the day
was given over to practice.
Twenty-si* teams entered the doubles
event and at the call of time late in the
afternoon but four were left to com
pete for the cups. The successful teams
were Norman Ambrose and Marius
Hotchkiss, playing from, scratch: A.
Brabant and Stewart Gayness, playing
from the "2-6" mark; George Bates and
E. P. Finnegan, on the "4-6" mark, and
Clarence Foley and Charles Dunlap,
playing from ."3-6" behind scratch. The
handicapping was better than usual, as
the scores show. No one of the four
surviving teams has won the cups.
The Baker brothers, the most heavily
handicapped team, were beaten , in
straight sets by Ambrose and Hotch
kiss. • The latter took advantage of the
odds allowed them and won in straight
sets. The winners took all kinds of
chances and broke up the steady game
of their opponents. The first set went
easily to Ambrose and Hotchkiss. but
the second was close.
Will Allen and Clarence .Griffin were
called upon to give only "owe 3-6" to
Dunlap and Foley, but the latter beat
them easily.
By far the closest match of the day
was that between Fred Adams and L.
Howell and Charles Teller and R. Parr.
Adams and Howell won the first set
6-4. The last two sets were exception
ally long, but both finally went to Tell
er and Parr. The score was 1-6. 10-8.
9-7.
Competition shoot — First class. Ausust
Pape 221; second class. Captain H. Stelling
215: third class. D. Huntemann 170; fourth
class. A. Sch.iefer 21C. ' '
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club: Rifle
scores— Gold medals: A. C. Gehret 232. II.
Huber 220. Silver medals: H.'P. Nelson 22»,
E Englander 101. Re-entry match: H. P.
Nelson 22»: A C. Gehret. 227. 224. 224. 221,
215: M. Kolander, 221. 221. 217. 215. 212; C.
M. Henderson. 2!S. 218. 216; W. F. Blasse.
216 214, 203. Fifty - shot match: A. C.
Gthret 1111. .. '
Pistol— Silver medal: F. V. Kington. S8.
Revolver re-entry match — F. V. Kington. 84;
G. W. HoadU-y. 82. 81; J. R. Trego. 85: W. F.
Blasse, t>!). 88. 85. SI: J. Kullmann. S5, 82.
PLstol re-entry match — F. V. KJngton. 8«:
J. A. McDonald. 71; G. E. Frahm 88, S9. 01,
8fl. ib, 01: H. P. Nelson, 76, US; M. Kolander,
Red' Men's Shooting Company, monthly medal
shoot— Champion class. H. Schult 3SS: first
cla«s J. A Mohr 350; second class. Henry
Schulz 329; third class. D.Tamke 291: fourth
class H. Cortsen 355: best first shot. H.
Schulz 24; best second shot. H. Nlcolal 2X
BulfSeye shoot-H. Schulz 273, D. .Jamke
44.:. J. A. Mohr 497. G. C. Strippel oi». W.
Dressier 750.
Germanla Schuetzen Club, monthly bullseye
shoot — D. Huntemann 305, M. F. Blasse 470.
J. E. Klein 510. O. A. Bremer 52S, A. Schaefer
530. Max Kolander 3C6. E. H. Goetze 6S0, H.
Huber S«0. Aug. Jungblut R9O. *
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein. monthly
bullfeye shoot — C. Oldag 74. Fred Brandt 138,
A Bertelsen 1«3. H. Huber 249. E. Doell .TW.
A. Lemair* 357, Otto Lemcke 432. F. Rust 5S7,
S. Heino 578. H. Bornholdt 610. D. Dunker «20,
F. Pape C30. F. Koch 711. A. Jungblut 844.
Captain H. Stelllng 849. August Pape S..6. J.
Tiedemann *<51, F. Henzel 024, John Horst
minn i>70. E. H. "Goetze 1015. i
The organizations participating In
the shooting were the Deutscher Krei
ger Verein, Red Men's Shooting Club,
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club. Ger
mania Schuetzen Club and San Fran
cisco Schuetzen Verein. The scores fol
low:
Annual King shoot of the Deutscher Kreiper
Verein— King, Henry Henninser; crown. Max
L*n?efeld; scepter. G. Hctzel; apple, Chris.
Hartmannr^/lng, A. Stoll; head, M. Gerdes;
neck, Hans Jurgens; right talon, Oscar Dam
mcr: left talcn, Herman Mohr: right wlnsr,
H. Hennmger; left wing. F. Rehberg: tall,
John Mohr. %
The crack of the rifle was heard all
day long yesterday at Shell Mound
Park. From early morning until dark
ness obscured the targets the marks
men were busy in their attempts to
place a good record to their credit. The
day was an ideal one for target prac
tice and attracted an unusually large
crowd of marksmen to the range.
The principal event of the day was
the King shooting of the Deutscher
Kreiger Verein. About one hundred
members of the company took part in
the event. The target used consisted of
a large wooden eagle, divided into dif
ferent sections, so constructed that
when a particular spot was struck by
a bullet the section would falL As
each part represented a prize there was
cheering when a lucky marksman, by
a well directed shot, brought a piece to
the ground. When all but the last
piece was shot away and the remnant
of the target was adjusted for the King
prize, excitement prevailed on the part
of the marksmen and spectators. As
shot after shot was flred and the Kin*
prize was struck several times without
bringing it down the Interest became
intense. When Henry Henninger step
ped forward to try his skill he received
encouragement from his comrades to
make his best endeavor. After taking
careful aim his shot rang out and
down came the, prize that made him
King of the Kreigers for the ensuing
year. He was welcomed on all sides
as sovereign of marksmen and tri
umphantly carried on the shoulders of
his comrades after he had been invest
ed with a wreath of roses and his In
signia of office.
In the Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol
Club contests Al. C. Gehret was- high
man with the rifle, making the good
score of 232 rings in his 10-shot string.
He also ran up a score of 1111 rings
in his 50-shot entry.
In the same club G. E. Frahm was
high man at the pistol target with 91
rings to his credit on two different oc
casions.
New Names Will Appear on
the Trophies as aV Result
of the" Big Tournament
T. ,T. Cronin's Clever Young
Courser Lowers the Col
ors, of Fast Haphazard
Reckless Acrobat Outpoints
Bright Fortune for First
Honors in the Open Event
Wind Falls Light and/Tars
Have to Await Turn of
Tide to Make Moorings
Proves High Man With the
Rifle in the Golden Gate
Shoot at "Shell Mound
Suburban Tossers Land the
Winning Run in the Last
Round at Recreation Park
WHITE WINGS DOT BAY
FORMER WINNERS LOSE
P. Ryan Will Ship the Fly
ing Honiton and the Bal
ance of His String To-Day
HANDICAPS THIS WEEK
HUDSON STAKE WINNER
ONE EXCITING WIND-UP
AL GEHEET IS IN FORM
Mike Fisher's Tigers Fall
Before Pete's Gladiators
in Two Snappy Contests
Carries Off the; Title at
Annual Competition of
Deutscher Kreiger Yereiu
Four Pairs Eemain of the
Twenty-Six to Compete
in the Semi-Final' Kound
WJLNS FINAL BY DEFAULT
Young Courser Shows Great
Speed in the Junior Stake
at Uie Ingleside Park
ilany Turfmen Are Depart
ing for the East. \mt There
I s ; N<> Paucity of Horses
San Francisco Fleet Takes
First Outing of Season in
Channel in Good Breeze
James Sweeney's Greyhound
Defeats Sacramento Boy
After an Exciting Struggle
OAKLAND JUMPS
INTO THE LEAD
ROBBER ANKLES
IN GREAT FORM
TENNIS TEAMS
OUT FOR CUPS
CLEVEK PUPPY
IS HUMBOLDT
RACING SEASON
WILL SOON END
SAILORS ENJOY
INITIAL CRUISE
SHOOTING KING
IS HENNINGER
GRAND NATIONAL STAKE HONORS FOR RUBBER ANKLES
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, .MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1904.
A National Da user.
Benjamin Disraeli once .described
"the ; turf " as England's great national
engine' of demoralization; and it would
be no exaggeration ' to describe- our
present pension system as the = most
corrupting and debasing influence that
has ever I sapped public morals In this
country pretenses '. essentially
false.— Florida', Times-Unioni
Russia can point to only two occa
sions in modern history when her ships
•were in action. One was the destruc
tion of the Turkish squadron at Slnope.
when the' number of vessels was equal,
though the latter -were gTeatly inferior
in size and armament. The c-ther oc
casion was in the Crimean war, when
the Black Sea fleet did Russia excellent
service, but hardly of the kind usually
demanded of the ships of an imperial
navy, when ; she sank her finest ships
like coal barges to block the entrance
to SebastopoL
The Art of Naming Horses.
11Tmpp*r*8 Oil ewe* rh»um«tl«m and neuralgia..
T>rct r-f ts. SOc C«*k. Richard & Co.. 406 CUy.«
The woman's mind has been failing
for two years. At different times she
has been on the verge of going to the
asylum, but has always escaped upon
the ground that though a little queer,
she had never been thought dangerous.
Matters culminated a week ago, when
she took her youngest child, a babe of
four months, and tiled to throw it and
herself under the train. Mr. Enz took
care of his wife for a week.
Because she tried, to throw herself
and her four-month-old baby under a
Southern Pacific train, Mrs. Josephine
Enz was brought to the detention ward
of the Receiving Hospital to-day and
charged* with insanity. Joseph Enz,
the husband, brought his wife to the
insane ward and was forced to make
the charge of insanity, as he said, to
save the life of his wife and her chil
dren.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
* 1118 Broadway. April 24.
The headless corpse of an unknown
ma"n was found in the Sutro forest yes
terday afternoon. William Everding
and Edward McAdams were walking
through the grove sfnd discovered the
corpse. The head lay twenty feet
from the body. Deputy Coroner Mee
han removed th* body to the MorKtie.
In hl6 opinion the man had been dead
sbout two months.
There was nothing about the re
mains that would serve to identify the
unfortunate. The man was dressed in
a steel gray suit and wore black lace
Bhoes.
The skeleton was exposed in many
places owing to the absence of the
flesh, which had succumbed to the at
tacks of the elements or of wild ani
mals. , •
No weapon or implement of violence
¦was found near the body. The Morgue
officials believe that the man hung
himself and that the rope gave way
when^ decomposition set in.
It is believed that the head was torn
from the body by wild animals.
*3Iorgue Officials Believe
That Unidentified Man
.Hung Himself to a Tree
Husband Compelled to Take
Unfortunate Woman to the
Mental Detention Ward
MYSTERY SHROUDS CASE
ARKESTED FOR INSANITY
Two Strbllers Make a Grew
some DiscoTer} 7 in the
Midst of Sutro Forest
Mrs. Josephine Enz flakes
an Effort to Take Life
of Self and Her Infant
Men Froqfi Many Parts of World Prominent in Metho
dist Episcopal Church Gather for First Time in
San Francisco to Hear Reports of Year's Work
FIND HEADLESS
BODY IN WOODS
THROWS CHILD
UNDER A TRAIN
DISTINGUISHED PREACHERS MEET
TO-DAY FOR GENERAL CONFERENCE
It has been found that the sishtu on
all the guns of the new British battle*
ship Prince of Wales are defective,
We are soon*- to 'have seedless grapes,
melons, ; apples and apparently 'all kinds
of fruit: but it still romalns for some ono
tonnd a better^fuel than gas, if used in
a range f rom : S. ¦ F. > Oas & Electric Co..
415 Post street. •
; Burnett's Extract of Vanilla u th«
itandard everywhere. Sold by best croetrs. •
For a perfect • condensed r milk, preserved
without sugar.'buy Pioneer Brand Evap
orated Cream.1 It is not only- a perfect
food for infants, but ; its delicious flavor
and * richness make; it superior to , raw
creams for : cereals, 'i coffee, tea. \ chocolate
and general household cooklnp Pre
pared by Borden's Condensed Milk Co. •
I f You ; Are , Xooklng
TOLEDO.. Ohio." April 24.— Frederick' Ward;
the actor, occupied the pulpit of Trinity Episco
pal Church to-night. . He spoke on the . rela
tions of the, stage and the' church' r
OAI.Ii ; subscribers; contemplating a
chanr* of residence during- the summer
months can have their, caper _', forwarded
by mail to their new. address by notify
in? TEE CALL Business ' Office. This
naoer will also be on "sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local
ajrent In Ml the towns on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
. FOR THE SUM3IER.
Hugh - E. Smith, the evangelist,
completed his two : weeks of i prayer
meetings and; sermons " at . Grace
Methodist Episcopal Church last
night. The crowd * was ' so : great that
it/was impossible to find accommo
dation In the church for all and many
stood in .the lobby • until the •; service
ended, g During the ¦ two weeks nearly
250 persona have professed Christianity
at the services.
Mr. Smith ' leaves this . morning for
Los 1 Angeles, where he will; attend the
General Conference next week.
Grace Methodist Episcopal Church Is
Crowded and' Many ' Are Unable
-: ;%:: to Gain Admission. t .
EVANGELIST SMITH ENDS
HIS SERIES OF SERVICES
Detective Cody, who was detailed to
investigate the report that the wife of
Walter Grady, patrol wagon driver at
the Park Police Station, died from the
effects of a blow on the" head from a
chair administered by her father-in
law, Attorney W. D. Grady, filed his
report with Captain Martin yesterday.
He reports that both Dr. Mizner, the
family physician, and Dr. Charles M.
Card, who was called into the case,
said that they had examined Mrs.
Grady's head, but found no evidence
of a contusion or fracture. Dr. Card
said that when he pressed her head
she complained . that it hurt her. She
never complained to them that her
father-in-law- had struck her with a
chair. Dr. Mizner had given the
cause of death as uremia. ¦
Walter Grady, while admitting that
his father during a quarrel had aimed
a blow at him with a chair which had
struck his wife, said that it was an ac
cident as far as she was concerned. A.
Coleman, Mrs. Grady's father, said
that Attorney Grady had always been
kind to his daughter, ' who had, never
complained to him about being struck
with a chair. '- -¦'.-'¦." -
In view of these statements no fur
ther action will be taken by the
police.
In View of Statements Made by In
terested Parties, No Further Ac
tion Will Be Taken.
DETECTIVE FILES REPORT
OX MRS. GRADY'S DEATH
The jury in the case of former Pa
trolman Ernest* Alexander, charged
with taking a bribe of $2 50 from one
Lulu Wilson, a\aioman : of the half
world, last evening reported its ina
bility to reach a verdict./ The jury
went out at 4:30. p. m:, on Saturday
and at 10:30 last' night, -after- being
out thirty, hours, it was by
Judge Lawlor.' who ; questioned each
man, r and satisfied himself .that an
agreement would be impossible under
the circumstances.
Assistant District Attorney Lewis
"Ward, representing! the people, and
counsel for Alexander then mutually
agreed to have the case reset It will
come up again before Superior Judge
Lawlor next Saturday morning.
Deliberates for Thirty ;Houra and Is
Then Dismissed bV Superior
L;jwIop. ' . '. . .'
.njRY IS \ THE ALEXANDER
BRIBERY ; CASE i DISAGREES
. Bishop Hartzell, . who is a native , 'of
Illinois, during seven ' Episcopal • tours
covered no lew than 175,000 miles and
his , experiences on the African conti
nent have brought him In contact with
such men as Kruger,, Jameson, vLcydsr
Joseph Chamberlain, the 'late Cecil
Rhodes and Steyn.
Speaking of conditions in^- South
Africa the Bishop said: f£>k
"South Africa is in a state of 'seribua
commercial depression resulting ; in
part from world conditions, which -are
mostly out of. joint, but the trouble
arises principally from lack of labor.
"They require 200,000 more j laborers
to supply the demand of the mines and
railway building and other, public
works as well J as for agricultural and
other important developments. -/ .
"I am opposed to the introduction or
Chinese laborinto the Transvaal as a
permanent policy, but- 1 approve of
meeting the present exigency; by Intro
ducing for a time (foreign labor, under
strict contract laws, j not .exceeding
three years, and then returning, the
laborers to their homes. Amone the
mine owners, composed chiefly of Eng
lish, German and there Is, a
strong demand for- Chinese. labor, but
the Dutch oppose it. ¦ -
"Lord Milner and Sir' Arthur Lawley,
Governor and Lieutenant Governor, re
spectively, of the Transvaal, reluctant
ly consented to the Introduction of for-
Gold in abundance In sight, the tabor
conditions and the relations between
the English and Dutch of South Africa
were some of the. topics discussed yes
terday by Bishop . Hartzell, who has
arrived from Africa to attend the con
ference of bishops ' of . the Methodist
Episcopal Church, which ¦ begins this
morning. %
Bishop If artzcll '.Talks of the Condi
tions at Johannesburg.
SOUTH AFRICA'S GOLD FIELDS.
She further stated that she had been
traveling abroad in a party of foW.
but refused to give the names of any
of the* number. Just before the tug
reached the .wharf a tall, blank-faced
young man with a growth, of sandy
beard came forward and seemed solicit
ous for her welfare and was assiduous
in assisting her to leave the boat. She
was handsomely attired in a tailor
made gown of blue, with magnificent
furs of Persian lamb lined with ermine.
She said she would be in town several
days before going to Point Loma.
Among the passengers that ar
rived on the America " Maru yes
terday was Mrs. K. Tingley, the
head of the School of The
osophy at Point Loma. She was reti
cent about talking on the subject of her
travels and her affairs. She spoke in
a broadly affected English manner and
after a great deal of coaxing she
deigned to admit that she had been
traveling for the last five months. Dur
ing this period she had visited China.
India and had gone to Egypt up the
Nl!e as far as the second cataracts.
Her trip had been in no way for pleas
ure; it had been entirely in the in
terests of educational work. In speak
ing of her creed she said: "Our religion
is based on the best principles of all
religions. Theosophy and the Society
of Universal Brotherhood represent the
practical side of life. So far as 1 re
ligion is concerned, I refuse to- discuss
the subject in any way.
Woman Theosophist Arrives
on the Liner America Maru
on Her AVay to Point Lonia
MRS. T1NGLEY
TELLS OF WORK
Bishop Funston is just returning to
his homo, from the conference of the
Missionary District of , the Pacific
Coast, which was held in. Los Angeles.
Bishop Funston spoke in. general on
the sorrows of life, saying that here
complete happiness is not found and
that afflictions and bereavements come
no matter what the position or condi
tion may be in life.
Bishop Funston of Boise, Idaho, de
livered a profound ] sermon at St.
Paul's Church, California and. Fillmore
streets, yesterday morning, taking 1 his
subject from the concluding words of
the gospel of the day, sixteenth chap
ter of St. John: "Ye now therefore
""have sorrow: but I will see you again,
and your heart shall rejoice, and
your joy no man taketh from you."
The service for the day was read by
the. Rev. W. M. Reilly. the rector.
Rislioo Funslon ;il SI. Paul's.
"The work of unifying the English
and the- Dutch goes along slowly. The
English have been generous in donat
ing and loaning money and also in
their policy toward the Dutch.
"American trade with. South Africa
since the war has already gone to
nearly S2O.O<5F,OOO a year and will grow.
American Agricultural methods are
being introduced and. Indeed. Ameri
cans are among the' foremost there in
agricultural and mining pursuits."
"The gold in sight at Johannesburg
alone is more than all the money in
circulation in all the world to-day, and
with proper labor the output »f gold
would go to $250,000,000 a year. Before
the Boer war the output was $100,000,000
a year, but it has not nearly come to
that since hostilities ceased, because of
lack cf !ahor.
"It is a great question, involving as
it does the whole native- problem as
well as the introduction of white labor
from England :nnd the permanent in
terest of the vast commercial enter
prises concerned.
eign labor and drew a very conserva
tive and well guarded law which has
been approved by the Imperial Govern
ment.
METHODIST EPISCOPAL BISHOP
OK CALIFORNIA. WHO WILL.
OPK-V THE CONFERENCE.
Bishop F. W. Joyce arrived/in the city
in the evening, accompanied by Mrs.
Joyce, and was delighted to once more
s*t foot in the city of San Franciscj.
Bishop Joyce has Just completed a tour
of South America and has great reports
of the progress of the church in that
pnrt of the world.
Speaking of the Panama canal.
Bishop Joyce s?»ld that the acquisition
by the United States of the territory
and right of construction has given the
meet lively satisfaction to the people
of South America, the Colombians be
ing the only ones to dissent.
Among other eminent ecclesiastics to
arrive for the conference are Bishop
Fitzgerald of St. Louis, Bishop Firss
of Philadelphia, Bishop C. H. Fowler
of Buffalo and Bishop Andrews of New
York.
Bishop ¦ Walden attended the First
Methodist Episcopal Church, -Powell
and Washington streets, and later
visited the Chinese Mission, where Dr.
Ohlinger preached the sermon.
Bishop Hartzell addressed a large
congregation at the Alameda Methodist
Episcopal .Church, his subject being
"God's Purpose." The service was di
rected by the Rev. Dr. Dennett, {he
pastor.
If there is a possibility the Bishops,
or a part of their number, will attend
the regular Monday meeting of the
Methodist Ministers' Association at
Epworth Hall.
In the evening at 7:30 o'clock a re
ception will be. tendered the prelates at
the Occidental Hotel and at 8 o'clock
there will be a banquet. Covers will
be laid for nearly U00.
Several of the Bishops visited the
local churches yesterday morning and
evening and some attended churches in
Oakland and Alameda.
At the morning service of the Cen
tral . Methodist Episcopal Church
Bishop D. A. Goodsell occupied the pul
pit and in the course of his remarks
saiS that God speaks to men and calls
them personally, and while his voice
is not audible, his spirit speaks. Th<?
Rev. George WJ White. D. D., the pas
tor, conducted the service.
Twenty or more Bishops of the Meth
odist Episcopal Church will meet in
conference In San Francisco this
morning. It will be the first time any
assemblage has brought together in
this <-ity a large number of the chief
ofticers of the Methodist denomination.
At 10 o'clock the distinguished church
men will assemble at the Occidental
Hotel and Bishop Hamilton will at
once be invited to preside, as honorary
chairman.
The deliberations of the day will be
of the most important kind. Among
other matters it is probable that the
reports from the Missionary Bishops.
Bishops from India, from China. .from
Japan and Africa will be placed before
the board.
We have tried a voluntary tender of Increase
when.no demand .wiie made; we have tried
conceding every penny, of. the. wage demand In
full and we have tried arbitration. All have
failed, and we have left open to us the only
course stllluntrled. If the union remains un
yielding.-We are prepared to try It. and yet,
in the face of all this, it Is our earnest hope
t hat good • common sense . will . prevail among
the carmen. , ' , •. : ¦ , . .
The company here states that it has gon» to
the full limit of concessions, that It has not
and dot's not intend to discriminate against
its higher paid men. that it has no designs to
destroy of? disrupt the union; .that, as an evi
dence of perfect good faith In that respect. It
\ls willing: now to contract; with' th« union for
la. period of from one to three years, and this
/despite th« fact that every indication points
to a season of hard times that -Its urgent de
sire is to get along with its employes without
friction and earn and retain their confidence.
Any other course ¦ would .be. shortsighted • and
prevent the maintenance of a peace for which
we are paying an extra quarter of a million
dollars annually. The charge, when made, an
swers Itself. Why should we be willing to pay
bo dearly for peace and then voluntarily pur
sue the very, course that would defeat our-
Belves? • ¦ . '/
Take a single division: On the Rutter-street
system, where 188 men are employed, on the
day this rate goes into effect 4 1 men now re
ceiving 26U cents will immediately move into
the 27V4-cen"t class. At the same time 10 men
now receiving 25 cents per hour will move into
the 26',4-cent class, and it must be understood
that these promotions will continue throughout
the entire year over the entire sysem from day
to day as the men complete their one or two
years of service. This is meriy ' an illustra
tion of what will be taking place over the
entrt< system.
Tire trouble has been that our desire to be
generous has been attributed to cowardice and
has been credited to the force of the union,
and the men ar« being told that we purpose to
yield again. The man -who acts on this . as
sumption will deceive no ono so much as he
will deceive himself, and we warn our men In
all kindness not to allow themselves to be mis
led. - ' -
¦It Is hoped the carmen when voting will un
derstand thoroughly «he full meaning of their
vote." Thf: company has none to the full limit
of concession and this should be understood.
We desire to state unequivocally and finally
that after two years of repeated concessions
made for peace »¦(• are through. We are pay-
Ing our men a great sum for a peace that has
not yet materialized.. A year ago we were
paying our men the 'highest " wages paid on
rarth to men in. similar employment on any
large system— this year we have been paying
them an increase on that high wage and have
tendered them a liberal continuation of that
high scale.
A statement that is being circulated to in
fluence the men now earning 27 Vj cents per
hour runs to the effect that the high priced
mm have been discriminated against. This- is
whispered, not outspoken. The present ecale
cf wages has been in effect for five months
and this is the record of dismissals for that
period. During the last five months two and
four-tenths per cent of the "5-cent men, one
and nine-tenths per cent of the 26',4-cent men
and only one-third of One per cent of the 27Vi
cent men were dismissed monthly. One-third
of one per cent is an extremely low percent
age. ¦ We have had some figures -made to sat
lufy ourslvos as to -the generous effect the
wage scale tendered by the company will have
when in full operation.
Officials of the United Railroads could
not be seen at the company's offices
yesterday, but last night an official
statement was issued, which is as fol
lows: . '
President Mahon of the international
union spent the day largely at his
hotel. In the afternoon he went to the
Park on a Haight street car, but the
gripman who carried him did not rec
ognize him, and he paid his nickel and
rode in silence like an ordinary passen
ger. He returned to the hotel in an
other car on the same line and held no
converse with. the operators of the car.
When asked for information he said
that there were not and could/ not be
any developments in the situation until
the result of the men's ballot had been
counted to-night.
"I have not made the slightest refer
ence to a single one of the men of the
union," he said, "except the address I
delivered before the general meeting of
the union Saturday, night. I cannot
know more than anv citizen of San
Francisco what their action will be,
and I am awaiting the result without
anxiety. I have told them what the
company offers and explained the mat
ter fully. It Is a question purely for
the local employes to. determine, and I
must abide by any decision they
make."
COMPANY IS FIRM.
MAHON PREDICTS NOTHING.
A state of absolute uncertainty, main
tains regarding the action that will be
taken to-day and to-night in the secret
ballQt which will determine whether
the operatives of the United Railroads,
comprising nearly all the street car sys
tems of San Francisco, snail quit their
employment and go on a strike. Presi
dent Mahon, the-^international repre
sentative of the union; General Man
ager Chapman of the United Railroads
and Richard Cornelius, local president
of the union, are equally at sea regard
ing the opinion the men will hold when
they cast their momentous ballot.
No poll can be taken of the employes
of the company, because generally they
are disinclined to discuss the issues be
tween them and 'their employes. Ap
parently-.neither, side has made much
effort to do so. - Out of nearly a third of
the men employed who were inter
viewed denial was made- that any in
fluence had Tieen exerted, either by rep
resentatives of the union or emissaries
of the company, to influence their'ac
tion in voting. Reticence of their per
sonal opinions regarding the differences
existing between the union and the
company was almost unanimous, and
the few who declared their preferences
were those who upheld the • action - of
the executive committee, which recom
mended a rejection of the terms of the
company.
Employes arid Officers of
Union Make No Predic
tions of Besult of Vote
NO MORE CONCESSIONS
CarAien's Trouble Develops
No New .Features \ Outside
Firm Attitude by Company
BOTH AWAITING
BALLOT VERDICT
THE .'SAN:', FRANCISCO V CALL, MONDAY,; APRIL : 25, 190*.
ROME, April 24. — Emperor William, owing
to bad •weather, remained In the south longer
than he had expected and Instead of returning
via Genoa mailed to-day from Barl for Venice
on the Imperial yacht Hohenzollern.
12
I To Be I
Absolutely I
a Sure I
I Good I
I Teas I
I Coffees I
I Spices I
I Baking Powder %
1 and \
I Good Things |
1 to Eat I
j Extra Premiums|
I this week g
It pays I
to trade |
I Great American importing Tea Go!
B 861 Market -10 Grant ava. 1419 Folk D
B 14v Sixth 1S19 D«vtsadero 705 Larkln B
B 475 Haltht 3006 Sixteenth 855 Hayes H
m 32$5 Mission 521 Monte* av«. B2 Mark*t B
fij 2COS Flllmora C516 Mission * 146 Ninth E
B o<3>> Third ZI33 24tl> 469 Fourth g
K*| ¦pJH IS K C4 &4 tra S3
Mellin's Food and Milk is an
ideal combination and will
nourish and strengthen your
babv and make him grow.
v
We should like to vend a sample ml MeUla'a
Food free to your baby.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
' JjjggjL LANDSEER'S
The preatest reproduction of
the greatest painting of z lion
ever produced; size 43 inches '•
by 28 inches.
Free to customer*. To others f
loc. By mail 15c. »
CHAS. LYONS, tendon Tailor, ]
721 Market. 12Hearnf, [
-^%. DONT RUIN
'*S5» VOUR EVES
lh» ?>?*? It Wot. »"• iVoiV. M*>*rt# 11 A«tfiT*'«
v»*t«- iV«VMi *fn\ +xr»i *tTV>T«e, war* #.v*«* "-*- 1 '.
n«r* \n-»^ ?jt». vty wy»n «iv. m^v^
I-.RI.V;, «Jt«w*''' K\p»n vtcttcma. i<wi mar*
kkv ffVny.Kn b. y. _____„„___
\?£EKLT CALt^ 11.00 TE» TSA&.
lp/\fjn nrr Articles sold at Special Sale prices
r \J \J rs. D1O un7MS ordered tcith o tf ie r goods unll not
¦ QUALITY STORES be delivered C. O. D.
Quality and Price Sale All the Week
44 A man without decision of character cannot be said
Xo belong to himself."—^/*// Foster.
Decide to-day— right now to open an account here —
We'll appreciate your patronage and you will be pleased
for coming here. — The freshest and best of foods — the
.largest assortment — at lowest prices consistent with fair
and honest dealing — prompt service.
Selling the best — not the cheapest — has made our
reputation — Trade here and live as you should.
Groceries
•Kona Coffee— Reg'ly 25c ib 20 Drink Bee Brand Ceylon
Buv it for strength -flavor-economy— T he b. st Hack :ea grown—
drink it because its good— <' ea »- swecr » economical »
Jea— Mandarin Nectar .4$ Beechnut baCOn-Reg'ly35c jar 25
Mild-soothing-plrasing 51b can 2/25 Sliced thin— sweet as nut meat
regly <30c Ib-*.\75 can Pine-apple-Grated 20
Com— Western 12»4 Hawaiian— reg'ly '25c— 3 for 50
Good— su eft flavor— 1.45 * 2 -" 5 Joz
*« Baby Pim-Olas 6ozi5
«Maple Syrup— Hazen 60 Olives with pimientos— regMy 20c bot
Pure Vermont sap- 1.20 Preserved China Ginger .30
regly.oc-^gal-Sl.oOgal Crosse & Blackwel!- . 3.30
' Buckwheat— Del Monte 20 «g''y 3 °£ jar-f 3/23 doz
Self-raising— reg'ly 25c— 3;,' Ibpkg HuylefS CoCOa 25
Sardines— Boneless J 2 's 25 fteg'ly 30C-J3.25 doz 2.80
La .P ia " e ~ Frencl ? fish ~ 3.00 Alkethrepta Chocolate 25
regh-30c-j3..>0doz RegMy 30c-J3.50 do, 2.70
reas— World Brand 20 nurk-pp'^ nr^Qincr
Sweet and delicious as French 2.10 UurKee S alaa pressing
; peas-regMy 25c-|2.S5 doz Rcj , Mv 30c-*3.50 .',0c-fo.50
Anchovies in oil— d & G 25 Spedal 23c ~ 2 - 75 40c - AM
Appetizing salt fish- 2.50 German Prepared Mustard 15
• . regMy 30c— J3.25 doz Gulden's— reg'ly 20c— $2.25 doz 1,60
Pin Money Sweet Pickles 20 Bromangelon-reg'iy i2^ c doz 10
: Delicious as a preserve-gherkins 30 Jello— RegMy 10c— f 1/20 doz 3 for 25
mixed— walnuts— regMv 25c — 40c- =n *-* „ •
•• eoc bot ' Cottolene 21b <n> wib
Fruit Coloring Pictp . >o Rezl > r °' Oc tV)C * 1<25
nun v>uiunng i dsie ..u speda , .^ 5ac 115
J Burnett's— reg Mv 25c bot o for oO p ril ___ r- \i • i1L n ,
¦ fe - rrunes — California 4 lbs 25
Salmon— Selected fish t ,ii «ns 10 RegMy 10c Ib
• Wholesale price— $1.35 doz $1.15 Anchovies— Spiced 40
H.O.OatS-RegMylScpkg 2 for 25 f E ' ly i? C g ,
•^ , ., . Jordan Shelled Almonds ib 423^
Cream of Maize-Regnyiocib4ib25 n - i m u- \m * o-
- , Crackers Nabisco Wafers 2o
Vanay— Reg'iy 35c Ib Reg'ly 30c can— J3.25 doz- 2.80
' Peppermint— raspberry— straw- 1 Athena— Ramona— Champagne
beiry waffles— Cinnamon — rcg'iy special
molasses peppermint— butter . 25 OysteretteS 15c lSoxdrton 10
' c?p fC -tIrfi Uit t2bICtS ~ bUttCr * j American Creams 30c sibc- 25
Chopped Walnut Confection A B c Co _ round cans _ also lemon _
Liquor Department vanilla-ginger— raspberry-regMy25
Whisky— Hermitage Rye $1 House Furnishings
' Old Crow-RegMy $1.25 bot-J5 ga! 4 Garden Hose— Extra guaranteed
Old goods— 1893 anS 4 2*ft son
Klily Croy-3 star-Scotch whisky Jl special 3.45 6.85
RegMy $i.25-ji3.50 doz n.75 Hose Nozzle— brass with spray
Gvi— D C L 85 Reg'ly 85c 60
Dry-Old Tom-regMy *1-$11 dor $10 Garden Trowel-reg'ly 15c 10
Cognac— F O P 1.15 7 inches long— good and strong
Hennessy-our bottling- 4.50 Asbestos StOVe Mat 10
reg ly $1.60 bot-$6 t aT 10 in . square-for gas stov e -re 2 My 15c
Claret— V Zinfandei Sleeve Iron— RegMy 50c 40
%--.R,r'lv "«# '**%? Nickel plated-detachable handle
Keg IV JL65 J2.35 50c t- , D^^. 5Uinche«
special 1.25 1.90 35c ry °an '££&? —Reg'ly 20c 15
Curacao-Oolgaard's 1.35 ~ handle
Reg'ly $1-76 qt jut UlSh Pan— RegMy 55c 45
Everard Malt Lager Beer Toilet "Articles 6 *" d " me " r
Rcg'iy $1.65 $14 is.35 $13 Calders Dentine 20 35
special 1.35 13 2.io » Cologne'Bouquet Soap,&.20
Malt Nutnne 20c3for50 Posing odor-rich lather— doz 75
Health tonlc-regMy 20c-$2.25 dz %2 reg ly Wc doz
p or t— private Stock ' . Bay Rum-FrenchVreifly.60cqt 50
California— reg'ly 76c bottle 50 D „ 8 " & d'eater
iP 50 rallon Hi g -Y S^ c 75c
»-.ou ganon $z special 25c 60c 60c
English Bacon from the old sod Violet (Vee-o-iay) Extracts 70
-, * , , . ... . . . RegMy $1 bot
Todd's famous Virginia hams Hud nut's- VioJette Sec 75
See delicatessen display in our French toilet water— 4 oz— a full
Sutter Street store window jSKtWSf SSSlS?
426-432 Pine St, San Francisco, - ' i -5 Telephone Private Exchange 1.
230-234 SurterSt *' • '* "100
2629 California St " 8uM.*m*H " West 101
Ccr. 13th and Clay SL O«klMd ... •• . ialn 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Special Values
;..THIS WEEK...
200 Dozen Importel BlaGk All-OYer Lace Lisle Hose-,
genuine Hermsdorf due, spliced heels 'and toes.
These hose are in 9 different stnlesj all sizes from
Price 35c Pair
*>. "" - ' Op 84.00 per Dozen.
Sumlar Valae, 60o and 60c Pair.
150 Dozen Ladles' White Lisle Thread Vests, high neck
and long or short sleeves, low neck and sleeveless.
We have also drawers to match the ahove In either
knee or ankle length.
Price 50c a Garment
250 Dozen Ladles' Fine Linen Camhrlc and Sheer Linen
HemstltGhsd Handkerchiefs. These are from one of
the hest manufacturers In Ireland.
Price $1.00 Dozen
100 Dozen BlaGk Sateen Petticoats, made from an extra
aualltu of fine mercerized sateen, full size and fast
Mack. Theu come in assorted styles, with accordeon
pleated flounGBs and hemstitched ruffles.
Price $1.00 Each
'12 Dozen HeaVu Black Silk Petticoats, made from a
. Swiss taffeta. These are made with accordeon
| pleated flounces and 6 rows of hemstitching.
Price $6.00 Each
i
H^j^-^nr^y^ Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
l^lvJ' 1 JEZL/ All orders for samples or goods filled
- and shipped same day they are received*
111,118, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET."
ADVEBTISEMENT&