Statements Are Issued bj Both Sides
and General Tie-Dp of System
Is Imminent
Breaking In oL" Students"
the Principal- Matter
oi Dispute.
Ominous Outlook in
Street Railway
Troubles.
COMPANY
AID CARMEN
CLASHING
ELKIN LANDS
A NOMINATION
UNEXPECTEDLY
Forecast mad* at 8aa Tran
ci*co for thirty hoars «&dlnr
mldnlrfct. AprU 7:
San rxm&clsoo and Tlctnity—
Fair Thursday; light acrth wiad
to t ret h werterly.
A. G. XcABXS,
District 7orec«strT.
T2S WEA.TXSK.
President Cornelius of the
Carmen's Union notified the
members of his organization at
noon yesterday that they must
refuse hereafter to break In
"students" on any line -of the
company. Last night the union
issued a statement in which re
gret was expressed that the rail
road company had not "as
ramed a more conciliatory atti
tude," but no intimation as to
the possibility of an immediate
strike was given in this state
ment. One of the hi^h . officials
of the union, however, said that
if the company , attempted to
break in new men to-day, with
the aid of instructors, trouble
may ensue.
Case for the Employes.
Xo Anti-Jc\\1<sli Riots.
ST. PETERSBURG. April 6.— The
press is officially authorized to deny
:he report that an anti-Jewish dem
• >nstration has occurred at Gomel, and
ilso to Ftate that up to date no fur
;her anti-JewiEh disturbances have
iccurred at Odessa, Kieff, Kishinev or
elsewhere
f BARCELONA, April 6.— King, Alfon
so.arrived here to-day for a fortnight's
visit ¦ to Catalina. The King, who was
accompanied} by Premier liauray and
Minister^ Linarez jand -a number of his
sulte^had^ aTrespectf ul reception, . which
has not^ been ; marred' thus: far by any
untoward (event./'
'^Tne A'isit/of the ? * King- to .Barcelona,
the^hotbed; of ..republicanism*, : has ¦ been
causihgithe greatest' disquietude In offli
clal .•Quarters,^ since *it; was feared the
Republicans': and Socialists would'seize
on'th'e;'6pportu*riltV;to % £yeht''on,the;Kin'g'
the!**- hatred Premier, Maura v*;whbse
strong methods; of dealing with ' t!i"«
strike ; rioters t have; made ihjm-; accord
ingly^ unpopular.* * s Large '. numbers of
anarchists ; and; other -suspicious char
acters", arrived v during ""' the} past we»>k
and as a {precautionary v measure were
arrested.",** *"- : . . ¦' .¦•"¦¦¦-:¦ ';''¦',¦'
Catalina.
Alfonso' of ' Spahi and; Ministers Man
'•"¦'¦• rav and; Unarez Arrive at -
KING VISITS HOTBED \
x OF REPUBLICANISM
Not a han^was- lifted. >;
"The motion " is/ unanimously •carriecl
In; the affirmative, '^anriounced'Apo'stis
Lyman. .. ':. ¦¦¦--. , . V ,'; ¦. '• v --.-;|:
SANTA FB.N.M., April 6.— At, the
congress of -the f Pueblo. Indians of 'the
Territory .held' here, to-day the recent
decision' of^the«_ Territorial., -Supreme
Court declaring ;the;! Pueblos < citizens
and their lancls; subject to taxation was
discussed' at length. / Sixty-four J dele}
gates were; present,: representing '175
pueblos,; all the. pueblos being j. reprer
serited except' Jernez" and Zuni/rAvunanf
imous. protest, against; the' decision was
sent to President Roosevelt, ;- the ? Secf e-'
tary - or the ilriteriar J. arid the Indian
Commission/. '.' f . : . V V.
body of- 1 thev house, t the galleries.v'the
choir^lof t" and V the Platform. . " '
"Contrary, mirided by the" same si^n."
l»rotest Is Made Vo President 'Against
•• Decision of Territorial Supreme ¦
' . ' Court.- • • . . ' ' ". ¦
PUEBLO INDIANS- AUK. " j; f ,
. OPPOSED. TO' 'TAXATION
; The; fire*^broke out , near" 1 the,' corner
at Fuiton r s'treet arid/ Broadway, where,
b^sfde/St. Paul's^qhurch.'.ls^the. prin
cipal ceritrance . to^this 'se*ctio*n £ : of;^the
subway.l workmen Jenterfng t rthe v turipel
at ;tfiatfpoiriC*so .that- the :sfnoke :^shut
off .their jjsual ; rneatis :,"of *,egress, T '
for : a) time; fifty oV/ more -laborer's 'twere
penned I in f^arid - in dire ;- peril.^ .'How
ever.ione*;block'", farther, down , the street",
at. the*5 corner/ ofi r4ey,\ street,'-' if had
been .foundnVcessary^to'ppen'. the street
and ' build a ? massive f wooden"' platform
in \\ place of : the'usual}, paving.^^Aftef ¦¦&
few ;«minutesV,'".wbrk:*«an».i opening ;^was
rriade aridjthe : laborers^were ; helpVd ; out
to- safety. Sy. ••^.••;*;;" '> •-;-;:':•, : ?-^\-± i\ : .'-. ..'.' :
.;¦¦ NEW .YORK, April ? 6.— For'a/.half
hour- ; traffiQ ; on lower Broadway ' near
St.^Paul's} Chapel was' blocked, to-day
by a 'fire in 'the , new 'subway*^tb*e;voi-.
umes'of smoke; that poured- through' the
fewvopc'njriss" to the -street driving,pe
destrians ¦ : away ." and .-making
the work . of >'the* ;> firemen, ..who were
called fout'iri^argV force because v of the
location "of . the fire? .".* "'. , • ' ., ' »1 .
Flames Break ,Out ¦¦'Seat'. S^. Paul's and
V Smoke Blocks Egress From'---'
- ¦¦¦,¦' I ¦' .'¦.: ¦¦'.. ;the Tunnel.- - :; '
BROADWAIV FIRE -j :,
, ',"-, i ; \vorkmen.;'in rsuswAY
Bonib. Is* Thrown as Y'oung Alfonso
. ' . Is -Leaving the Exhibition at
Barcelona. '
;;' MADRID, April 7.— An offi
cial .telegram from. Barcelona
states that, as King Alfonso \\ as
leaving the exhibition a "petard"
e.\ploclecl, injuring . two peasants.
One arrest was made.
ATTEMPT TO DYNAMITE
: ' THE KING OF SPAIN
"Mr.. Hill ./.has.-,' made, himself -the
champion' of Mr. Parker in New -York,
and it is -not; likely ithat he would .-'do
this without [ having - an . understanding
with .Mr: Parker, as to his" own position
with the administration. It can be safe
ly taken for granted-: that.- in case of
Judgfe Parker's, nomination' and ; elec
tion, Mr. Hill : would*,be- the controlling
figure in the admihistration." ' ', : r "\\ ¦;¦.;
"There is no • doubt thaf the corporate
interests , have , an '.understanding \ with
Judge Parker.for.without such under
standing, they would not think of sup-
"He is, first, of- all,- Mr. HUTs candi T
date, and 'that in itself would.be suffi
cient to raise aj suspicion in regard .to
his position on, ; public questions. " \
LINCOLN, Nebr.,* April 6.,— In the
Commoner/issued to-night, -William J.
Bryan says, under. the. heading "Parker
Not Available'':",
Special 'Dispatch to The Call
,VIEN>\ T A'." ; April: 6.-^The t ! Sofia
spondent of -the •Tagebiatt_-'wires .that
diplomatic between , Turkey
arid' Bulgiria are^ liable to be broken
off.-' Premier » PetronV he" says.V after
a. conference , with • Prince]: Ferdinand
yesterday ;r telegraphed ;<; . to f' Natcho
vitch,-;Bulgarian^- envoy,. "at 'Constanti
nople,; to leave/ the, Turkish capital j to
day f if the Turco-Biilgarian, agreement
were not signed. ' \ -¦> ; • '* \ *' ; <
j 'Bulgiria.'fearirigia Turkish 'invasion,
hasVdecided. to' increase her/guards" on
the frontier. .The.! revolutionary ele
ments also are 'completing- theirv plans
for a*n. uprising! should the opportunity
occur, r • ' ' ' '¦' ••'¦'¦• - : - v ;' /;
Special "' Dispatch l. to fheCall.
Regards ttie 'New; York
Jurist as Corporation
: Candidate ¦ v
Diplomatic; Relations
;• Be Severeii^ WitMn :
; a-FewDaysy- : :
For the first year, 25 cents per hour;
overtime, 30 cents per hour. For the
Eecond year, 26^4 cents per. hour; over
time, 31% cents per hour/ For the third
year, and thereafter, 2714 cents' per
hour; overtime, 33 cents per .hour. |
Immediately after receiving these
answers President Cornelius and Sec
retary Bowling retired and later issued
a notification . to the members of the
union that they must refuse ; to break
in "students" on all lines of .the com
pany.' an order which they at once
agreed to comply with. Just what ac
tion General Manager- Chapman -will
take in this matter he refused to state
definitely last night,. but. intimated that
the company would find . a .• means - of
proceeding with the instruction of new
men to-day.
Meanwhile it had ¦ been learned ' that
A serious crisis in the trouble be
tween the United Railroads and the
Carmen's Union may develop to-day,
and fears are entertained that if there
is a clash a strike, involving in the
near future other large labor unions of
this city, may be declared.
Yesterday the United Railroads made
a move that readily suggested that Its
officials are prepared for serious trou
ble. In the early part of the day Presi
dent Holland and General Manager
Chapman of the company received a
call from President Cornelius and Sec
retary Bowling of the union, who for
mally demanded that the company im
mediately cease hiring new men.
The demand was promptly refused
and President Holland took advantage
of the occasion to remark that the com
pany intended to continue in the man
agement of its affairs as it deemed
proper and needful. This action was
followed by the president of the, com
pany handing to the representatives of
the union the reply of the United Rail
reads to the communication recently
sent to the latter by the carmens" unioa
relative to a new aereement for the
twelve months, beginning May 1. In
this tetter President Holland, repre
senting the executive committee of th^
company, refused to comply with' the
demands of the union for an advance
in wages and for other conditions bear
ing on the future relations between the
company and its men.
As a supplement . to the original de
mands. President Holland submitted
to the union another form of agree
ment, which provides for a renewal of
the one existing, with the exceptions
of those clause's referring to the scale
of wages and for which he substitutes
a new scale, as follows:
BRYAN SAYS
PARKER MUST
BE REJECTED
WAR BETWEEN
BULGARIA AND
TURKEY NEARS
HEAD QF THE MORMON' 'CHURCH 'AXD TWO OF THE iAPOSTLES-WHO PAR-,
TICIPATED.IN*. THE CONFERENCE IN ; THE SAUT.rL.AKE TABERNACLE.
WHERE POLYGAMY WAS "RENOUNCED UNQUALIFIEDLY.'. - •>! >. '.
- The CnJted Bai troarts h*« de
nied the request " of the Car
men's Union that the hiring of
new men cease and refuses to
enter into the new agreement
submitted by the employes rel
ative to increased wages and
future relations between com
pany and men. The company,
however, has submitted to the
union a form of agreement, re
newing the existing one in all
its provisions, except as to
wages and incorporates in this
document a new wage scale, of
which the minimum is 25 cents
an hoar and the maximum -7?i
cents an hour. The company
announces that this scale will
be enforced. It will also pro
ceed this morning to break in
new men.
Case lor tbe Company.
"As many as are in favor of adopt
ing* this resolution "will 'signify it by
the uplifted. hand," he ; said.;:
A thicket : of hands ; arose V from ; the
The resolution introduced by Apostle
Lymah, carrying out this. manifesto' of
President- Smith, was as follows: \ .
"Resolved, That we, the members of
the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter
Day Saints, in general conference as
sembled, hereby -approve and .indorse
the statement and declaration of Presi
dent Joseph' F. Smith, just made to
this conference, concerning plural mar
riages, and will support the courts of
the churcti" in the enforcement thereof."
In seconding the adoption of theTeso
lution he.made an impassioned speech.
The president of the church, he* de
clared." had . been accused of violating
a pledge made to the nation.
."There never was and never will be,"
he continued; "a compact between • the
church and the Government. There
could be such a \ pledge between the
State ario! 1 the' nation, but there" was no
such compact ' made , at the ¦ constitu
tional convention. I approve of the
church saying in its official capacity
that it •approves' the compact between
the State: and -the -nation, -and that ! it
approves that - portion of the constitu
tion which forever prohibits polygamy
and plural marriages. "The adoption of
this resolution should* forever silence
those who accuse this church of break -
Ins faith."
He, sat down. Everybody' present
waited expectantly. Apostle- Lyman
arose. . '"] ¦¦ ' "¦ " : " *: .' ",,
The pronunciamento, intrtrduced by
President Joseph Smith 'and, adopted
unanimously by a resolution introduced
by Apostle Francis M. v Lyman, presi
dent of the quorum of twelve apostlesj
is as follows:
"Inasmuch as there are. numerous
reports in circulation that plural mar
riages have been entered into- contrary
to the .official 'declaration of President
Woodruff of, September 26, 1890, com
monly called the manifesto, which was
issued by . President Woodruff and
adopted by the church at its general
conference'. October 6, 1890, which for
bade any marriages violatlve of the
laws </f the land, I, Joseph F. r Smith;
president of. the Church of Jesus Christ
of Latter Day Saints, hereby affirm
and declare that no such marriages
have been solemnized .with the sanc
tion,' consent, or knowledge of the'
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day
Saints, and I hereby announce that any
such marriages are prohibited; and if
any officer or member of the church
shall assume to solemnize or enter into
any such marriages he will be deemed
In transgression against : the church
and will be liable to be dealt with ac
cording to the rules and regulations
thereof and excommunicated.
"JOSEPH F. SMITH,
"President of the. Church of Jesus
Christ Of Latter Day Saints." -
SALT LAKE, April 6.— As the cli
max of a- dramatic scene that, thrilled
6000 persons in the Salt Lake Taber
nacle'this afternoon the Church of
Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, in
general conference, formally renewed
adherence to the Woodruff manifesto
against' polygamy, declared that all
plural marriages are prohibited and an
nounced that any . member of trie
church authorizing, contracting or sol
emnizing such marriages would be lia
ble to excommunication.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call
Law's Violators Jire
Liable to Excom*
munication.
"The humiliation attending your con
viction and; the statutory disqualifica
tions resulting therefrom, which for
ever incapacitate you from holding any
office of honor, trust or profit under
the Government of the United. States,
are in themselves heavy punishment
for your. offenses, and leave but little
in the way of severity" which could.be
added. ', ...
v ' "It. Is. neither my pleasure nor pur
pose to impose any unnecessary pun
ishment. I ' think the maiesty > of the
law will be sufficiently vindicated 'and
the public welfare sufficiently safe
guarded by imposing a single sentence,
warranted, as It Is. on any^oneof the
six counts of indictments on which you
were convicted.
"This sentence will be that you be
confined in the Iron .County Jail for a
period of six months, and that you pay
a .fine of two thousand, five hundred
dollars."
''. 'At the conclusion , of ¦ the sentence.-
Senator Burton, who had not taken hi3
eyes- from the court and who had
scarcely moved as he supported him
self . by , the chairback, , turned and . sat
down, ' with . his head . bowed , and his
eyes'on-the floor. *
Attorney ..Krum immediately filed, a
bill 5 of i exceptions in the case and.of
fered a bond for $10,000. which was ac
cepted. The case will now be appealed
to the United States District Court of
Appeals.
;.< Senator Burton, who is senior Senator
fromiKansas, was convicted after an
exhaustive. trial. In which various let
ters from him to the Rialto Grain and
Securities Company, the checks ! which
he received in payment for his services
in behalf; of the' concern . before the
Postoffice Department: and i the; testi
mony of j numerous '; agents ¦ of .'the Gov
ernment were introduced.^Senator Bur
ton's defense was that , he' was ; acting
merely"; in "the capacity; of : an " attorney
and ; did ' not employ his Senatorial in
fluence in the work. HHB
"Your exalted station in life and the
character of your offense . give un
usual-significance to your conviction.
It demonstrates that the law of the
land is equal to any emergency, and
that it can be administered regardless
of the personality or station of the ac
cused. It also demonstrates to all the
people that public office cannot be
prostituted to- self-serving purposes
and that public office is not a sure or
safe passport ¦ to private thrift.' '
"A motion for a new trial in your
behalf has afforded mean opportunity
to carefully review and consider the
evidence. As a result. of this I am
satisfied that the jury reached the just
and true result. The evidence abun
dantly warranted their verdict, and I
find no reason, either In the law, gov
erning tiie case or in the proceedings
attending the trial, for disturbing it. '
"Your conviction necessarily results
in your punishment. Its Importance,
in my opinion, is npt confined to its
effect UDon:'you.
"After a fair and impartial trial by
a jury of exceptional intelligence you
have been found guilty of the offenses
charged in the Indictment against you.
The courtroom was almost -empty,
with the exception of a few persons
interested ifrthe previous case, who
had' remained out of curiosity, and. the
silence was almost oppressive as Judge
Adams, in low, modulated tones, be
gan delivering the sentence. The court
said:' ...
"Have you anything to say as to
why sentence should not be pa3sed
upon you?"
Trembling and evidently suppressing
his emotions with a strong effort; Sen
ator Burton, stood leaning -with ; both
hands on a chair back, as he *>aid:
"Your Honor will please allow me to
respectfully decline to- say anything."
Judge Adams, summoning Senator
Burton to stand up, spoke at the mo
tions-that had been filed for a new
trial and for arrest of judgment. .The
court, after briefly reviewing the mo
tions, overruled them both. The court
then said to the defendant:
KANSAS CITY. Mo., April 6.— United
States Senator Joseph R. Burton erf
Kansas, recently convicted of receiving
fees illegally from the Rialto Grain and
Securities Company, as their attorney,
was to-day given a sentence of six
months in jail and was fined $2500' by
Judge Adams in the United States Dis
trict Court here.
WASHINGTON. April 6.— -Former
Secretary Root will be temporary
chairman and Speaker Cannon per
manent chairman of the Republican
National Convention at Chicago!
This is in accordance with the j con
clusions of leading Republican politi
cians in Washington, and it , Is un
derstood the arrangements meet with
the approval of those in other parts
of the country who have been con
sulted.
Will l\o Permanent Chairman of the
Republican Convention.
»
CAXXOX TO WIELD GAVEL.
Claude Duval of Hutchinson. anti-
Hearst, has been selected by the Stale
Central Committee as temporary
chairman.
The State Central Committee has
fixed August 3 as the date for the con
vention to nominate State officers. It
will be held at Topeka. -' » ;
WICHITA. Kans.. April 6. — Dele-
Grates to the Democratic State Con
vention, which opens here to-morrow,
are on the ground and many caucauses
were held this evening. The dividing
issue is whether instructions for TV. R.
Hearst shall be yiven . the delegates.
An anti-Hearst delegate declares
there is sixty-five majority against
Hearst. The Hearst men give no fig
ures, but claim a majority.
The anti-Hearst men are said to
have decided to "stampede" the con
vention to-morrow to ex-Senator W. A.
Harris. If there is any doubt of their
ability to defeat Hearst instructions
they will appeal to State pride and
name Harris. It is said David Over
meyer of Tppeka will place Harris in
nomination.
Mate Convention
Kansas Democrat* Caucu« on Eve of
HEARST IS TOE ISSUE.
The salary of the Supreme Court Jus
tice Is $10,000 a year and the term is
for twenty-or.e years. Mr. Elkin is 44
years old and for years has been one
of, the Republican leaders of the State.
The resolution reaffirms the last na
tional and State platforms and calls
attention to the party's accomplish
ments within the last seven years, "in
contrast between conditions to-day and
those existing under the last Demo
cratic administration." The indorse
ment of Roosevelt is as follows:
"In Theodore Roosevelt, soldier and
Btatesman, author and scholar, equal
friend of labor and of capital, vigor
ous and impartial executive, we have
a President of whom v.e are justly
riroud and whose wise and beneficent
administration we heartily indorse and
desire to have continued. We there
fore unanimously recommend his nom
ination for the Presidency by the ap
proaching national convention, and
Instruct our delegates accordingly."
HARRISBTJRG. Pa.. April 6^-For
rcer Attorney General John P. Elkin
¦was nominated unanimously for Su
preme Court Justice to-flay by the Re
publican State Convention. Governor
Bamuel W. Pennypacker. James Elver
son of Philadelphia. O. D. Bleakley
of Franklin and Francis I* Robbjns
vt Pittsburg were elected delegates-at
]arpp to the national convention and
instructed to vote for the nomination
of President Roosevelt. Robert Pit
cairn of Pittsburg and Lev! G. Me-
Carley of Philadelphia were nominated
for Presidential Electors.
The rejection of Elkln, whose name
was the only one presented to the con
vention, is one of the most remarkable
incidents in the history of Pennsyl
vania politics. He came to Harrisburjr
on Monday as a delegate and was con
fident of the nomination of Governor
Pennypacker fcr the Supreme bench,
but the Governor yesterday declined
the nomination. The party leaders then
agreed to nominate Elkln, and after
the Philadelphia, Allegheny, Lancaster
and Dauphin County delegates cau
cused and agreed on Elkin there was
nevrr any doubt of his nomination.
>
Named for Supreme Cour
Justice bu PennsulYania
Republicans.
Burton or Kansas Is Sen-:
tencsd to a Fine and
Imprisonment,
JOSEPH R. BURTON, THE COX
VICTED UNITED STATES SEN
ATOR FROM KANSAS.
/When searched a number of letters,
all ' addressed to Portland (Or.) mer
chants from points along the Seattle
and International Railroad in this
State ; and British Columbia, were
found in his | possession, . all containing
checks or money orders. When closely
questioned Bell stated that he and. his
companion had " stolen , a mail pouch
from a. truck in front of the Seattle
depot ¦ last Sunday -morning, and had
secured $1700 in checks ; and money or
ders, $700' of which they had tcaopert
ed-irito^cash.. './ v ' "' ' " - " '
| It is alleged that Bell is the same
man .who was 'captured atbenver on
October." 3, .1903, _andl who made a j sen
sational .'escape 'from' the detectives as
the" train was corning to" a ; stop in the
depot at- Philadelphia, whither he was
being /taken. "„' Under various aliases,
the -best' known being 1 - Hammond and
Crosby," he 'has operated from; one ;end
of Hhe country* to" the^other.. It is al
leged 'that .when apprehended in J Den-'
ver: he. had been -guilty of robberies in
excess of $500,000.'
< The police . had received telegraphic
information that'Bell was in this city
arid; after lbcating.him", placed. him and
a companion named Schreber under ar
rest. Both ;inen submitted /peaceably,
but wheii just in front of the jail Bell
broke . away ; and jumped over the em
bankment, landing in - the -railroad
yards below. ' In the confusion Schreber
was released and walked off, but was
recaptured. . -The police boarded a
street car and hurried to \the foot of
the incline *to. head off Bell and, after,
a' hunt 'among' the hundreds of cars,
the officers, assisted by about fifty
other men, finally caught him and took
him to orison.
..KANSAS CITY, Mo.. April" 6.— Albert
E. Bell is not accused of any crime in
Kansas. City, but' he served a term in
the Jefferson • City penitentiary for a
daring mail pouch robbery in the Union
station here. Bell -is accused of mail
pouch robberies in ' various Eastern
cities. He gained notoriety last Octo
ber by a sensational j escape from two
deputy'. United ;: States Marshals who
were -taking him ; from; Denver, where
he had been arrested, to Philadelphia,
for-trialfor an alleged robbery. When
the party, had nearly reached their
destination Bell jumped from a rapidly
moving train. Nothing had been heard
of him ; u'ntH -to-day. '* . \ '¦"
. TACOMA, April 6.— Albert E. Bell,
alias James E. Butler, wanted by the
governments of the United States.
France and England for the crime of
mail robbery and in Kansas for de
frauding the Kansas City National
Bank of $100,000, was arrested here to
day, made a daring break for. liberty
by jumping off a; sixty-root embank
ment, i and .- was Recaptured and finally
landed. safely in. jail. . • •
Makes a Daring Break for liberty
V by Jumping Off a Sixty -Foot Em
bankment, but Is Retaken.
Palls Into the Hands of
the Police Autbqrities
at Tacoma.
Noted Felon Wanted
|||i|i||liK
Now in Jail.
FUGITIVE
ROBBER IS
CAPTURED
Continued on Pace 2, ' Column . 2.
TBS TBEATZS5,
Alcazar— "On the Quiet." ¦
California— "Mcraddm'i Plati."
Central — "Around the World In
'¦¦ Eirbty Says.** -
Chute* — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Xam'seUs Hapo-
TlBcfiix>w—"*LlMmtt."
Grand— "Divorcon*."
Mechanics' Pavilion — Circus. '
Orpheum — Vaudeville. Matin**
: To-Day .
Tivoli — "Mr. Pickwick."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAYS APRIL j 7, 1904;
VOLUME XCV— NO. 129.
MORMON CHURCH FORMALLY
RENEWS ITS ADHERENCE TO
ANTI-POLYGAMY MANIFESTO
SENATOR GOES
TO JAIL FOR
SIX MONTHS
JOHJT P. ELJCn*. REPUBLICAN'
NOMINTTE FOR SUPREME COURT
IX PENNSYLVANIA.
The San Francisco Call.CIIAP3IAX REVIEWS CASE.
Regarding the situation, which ' he
himself, admitted looked very* serious,'
General Manager -'Chapman said last
evening:"
The carmen to whom had been assigned, the
breaklra; in of students " refused : to - Instruct
them after 12 o'clock.-* This is; of course, a.will
ful dUobcdlenceof the company's instructions
and a clear violation of our contract."- Last year
they refused. to sign the cards of students. who
had teen '.'broken In"; this year they refuse
to break them in at all. We .were compelled to'
suspend a number of nood^nen last year In con
bequence of • their Insubordinaie . action.; - This
•matter will have attention in due tlme.'V'Thev
answer and wage proposal of.the company. was
handed to Messrs. Bowling; and Cornelius' to- '
day... In. their original Interview and _ letter
these ' gentlemen asked i that '•> the .. company go
Into a conference with. the officers of the. union
over, the proposed 'contract .for: the ;ensulng
year.' and this conference or a written commun
ication! we- expect; in a fewsdays.' •Inf.vlew-of
the ' very - grenerous -; application : of j the \ Straus
award which the, company has ' announced, it j
Wishbone Route Excursions
Bvery Tuesday and Saturday to San Jose and
return, with carriage. drive to and from Stan
ford University. Leave Third and Townsend
streets & a. m. ; return via Alameda. K:53 p. m.
Round trip, $2. Ask Southern Pacific agents. •
question was clearly set forth in our state
ment of yesterday and there is nothing mor*
to say on that subject except to reaffirm our
intention not to assist tho United Railroads
to educate strike-breakers to take . our places.
We have ceased breaking in "students" and
will maintain that position until negotiations
regarding a new agreement are concluded.
No - serious friction has yet arisen, . we . are
pleased to state, because of our action In this
matter and we sincerely hope none will arise.
In conclusion we desire to state with emphasis
that If the professions of the United Railroad-*
in favor of peace are as sincere as are those
of the union there Is little danger of a strike.
measure was actuated solely, by a desire to
put into operation eome measure whereby the
employes might be insured exact Justice when
charged with Infractions of rules or when they
presented grievances regarding working con
ditions that were worthy of redress. The pro
vision covering this matter was so drafted as
to . preclude the possibility that it would be
abused, or invoked at all except in important
cases. • '
The refusal of the company to effectively
recognize the union by accepting the -provision
which removed all barriers to the union exer
cising full jurisdiction over employes destroys
the value of everything the officials have sata
heretofore, and repeat in this statement, con
cerning their professed good; will toward ,tne
union. -..;The-. company's general manager, ana
president have repeatedly said that they recog
nized the right of their employes- to Join- the
union, but, ;as.a matter, of -fact, they have for
come time past openly and formally refused
to consent to the exercise of that right, even
going so far, as to, require. applicants for worn
to sign an agreement not ' to Join the union.
Under euch . circumstances It Is Hardly to . De
wondered at that the members of the union se
riously question ¦ the sincerity of the general
statements Messrs. Holland and. Chapman make
regarding "recognition" of the union and ot
the right of their employes to affiliate with It.
In view of the known practice of the com
pany in refuain* recently to hire men who
would not prof ess anti-union sentiments and
»lgn contracts not to Join the n;l°n. the quota
tion from the award " of the Anthracite Coal
CmmisKion declaring against discrimination
because of the union or non-union afnnaton
of erouloyes savors of effrontery: .
The -provisions of Arbitrator Straus award
creating three classes of- employes aroused mor»
criticism and created greater dissatisfaction
among the men than any other, feature of his
decision Once broken - In and accepted as .a
competent employe a platform man Commences
to render service to the company equal in value
to the that given by his associates i In the serv
ice, and no fair reason ejcl S ts^;hr he should not
receive like remuneration. This fact Js so ,e\ -
dent that extended argument to establish it
seems entirely unnecessary. In-o«rprXl£S
to the company we merely asked that all men
nerformlnit like service should receive equal
wages and in fixing the rate of wages we ac
cepted Aibltrator Straus'^ figure ™"»« | * ha "
those we formerly contended for. "¦*" l fr b «
remembered that : the testimony gh -en before
the arbitration board last year that the
cost of living had advanced at least nr per
cent -(to Quote a very, conservative .authority),
a^d the wage rate/proposed by the union is
exactly a 10 per cent increase over that in
force one year ago. although, as Pointed out
in our statement of yesterday, the numi ber-ot
men who would receive an increase In the pres
ent rate of wages Is less than one-fourth of
on the fact.^ge
reductions-have. «cetotly. been made In various
Industries, and quotes - John Mitchell s ad% ice
to the coal miners to accept a '5% per cent re
duction in their waBe..:- These reduction. /were
avowedly made because of a fall in the prices
of the products ot the concerns making the
SutsTiti ' wage" How can the United Railroads
fairly claim that similar conditions aff ect Us
revenues? As " a matter of -fact, the com
pany's profits are : dally «ncrea.ln« and condl-
Uotis promise with certainty that they. will con
ttnim to increase for some time to come.
The amendments of clauses In the existing
agreement proposed by the union are of minor
Importance. The changes are very-Mlght. and
that "he company should unequivocally, refuse
Sr^re'n-^eV^
SHa^f^SSn^^
employes might rldt on any of the lines on
showing their badge* to the conductor.
in regard to paying wages to men for time
lost while they were suspended if it^ was
fotnd that they had been, guilty of no offense,
a^Imllar rule exists now. The Present agree
ment pr-ovldes that a sus P«nded e m P»°y« ***»
ba paid wages for time lost^lf the officials of
the company decide to order his reinstate
ment? The y unfon proposed that the same
course be r followed If anS arbitration board
should "order bis reinstatement. - On the-»mi
form question the rule now is that the men
¦hall purchase ".-: uniforms: made' according : to
specifications formulated^ by the .. company.
The union asked that; these specifications be
made by representatives of the: company and
the union In conference.. ¦. ' " >_ ..
The . proposition regarding time tables is
merely the Incorporation -in- .the -u agreement of
a proposal repeatedly made by the officials of
the company during the last year or so. r^ .
¦ The : attitude of the union on the student
We earnestly desire to avoid a rupttire in our
relations with the United Railroads and our
actions in all negotiations with the company
will be governed by thin desire Implicitly.
R. CORNELIUS. President.
J H. BOWLING Vice President.
As to section 3. all. employes can. now rl<!e
free on their division on badges,^ and <ean ride
free throughout the city when In full uniform y
and the company does not see Its way to
change this liberal provision, nor to gr> further
In respect to uniforms than to permit, as at
present, platform tnen : to buy wherever they
please, provided they conform to the specifica
tions of the company. In section 3 you
further ask that In case of the reinstatement
of a member of the union for alleged violation
of any rule of the company he shall be paid
for time lost, provided ho Is found "not guilty"
of such violation. Thfe is the rule bs provided
by section 7 of the present agreement;
but you further ask that a board of arbitra
tion may decide whether any of the company's
rules have been violated. This would take
from the company the power to conduct Its
own business, and to this we cannot consent,
but tnuet abide by the present agreement In
this refjpect.
Clause 10 will be cladly acceded to by us,
provided the proposition with regard to wages
made by us later in this letter is accepted.
Clauses 4, !>, 6. 7 and 9 tn your proposed agree
mert cover wages, hours, runs and time
tables, /all of which have been lately passed
upon t>y Meters. Mahon and Straus in their
award, and the company cannot accede to the
union's request In these respects. In vlew^of
the Ehort time remaining under the present
contract, and of reports of a lockout and re
duction of wages on our part, we desire to
make an open statement of our Intentions as
regards wajtes and as regards the late award.
Before announcing our intention In this re
spect It Is fitting to state concisely the his
tory ot the past two years bearing upon our
relations with each. other. When the United
Railroads took control of its several proper
ties oa April 1, 1902. tit found -the wages paid
on the Market-street line 22 cents an - hour,
with a bonus for long service. This scale was
one of the hlchest paid anywhpre. . The other
lines taken over by the company. were paying
a lower rate and the company then stated
that these lower wages would be raised to
the higher Market-street scale. Nineteen days
thereafter a strike occurred and a demand was
made that the wapcn be raised to 25 cents flat,
that being the highest, rate paid under the Mar
ket -strwt Graduated scale. The company con
ceded this drmand In full,' although . a lower
basis' would— tt "vas and is sure — have been
practicable. This Increase was made (without
any effort at h compromise figure) for the pur
pose of. securing entire contentment among the
men, and to Insure a prolonged period c^peace.
This expectation was nof realised. -Within six
month* further trouble aroFe, and on March' 13.
10W, renewed df man<i* were made, avklng for
a minimum rate of :•:: l-.'t cents, per hour up to
W) cents i-w hour. The . company considered
this demand most unreasonable, but agreed to
submit the same to arbitration.- Investigation
showed that the average ,wage paid • in 370
American cities was but IS cents per hour.
Thirty-seven • days were consumed • In- taking
the' testimony In the arbitration procedings and
three days tpent in argument in New York
The clauses in relation to . arbitration. . as
well as the clause obliging employes to Join
the union within fixty days. Involving the ab
dication of this company of its rights and duties
in the management of its business, cannot be
acceded to. The company, as stated last year,
has no lawful right to yield to others the
*«l«>ction and dismissal of its employes, and
cannot Indirectly divest itself of a duty im
posed by law. nor arbitrate away, nor sur
render the powers ncce6sary to perform those
duties. It is our duty, as we have stated, to
¦elect eteady, nober and trustworthy men to
operate our cars; to make all useful rules and
regulations to govern their conduct, and to
provide «atUfactor>' service to the traveling
public And while the company recognizes the
right "of every employe to belong to a union,
the demands, of the association limiting or re
vtrictlng the company In the performance of lt«
duty In the selection, retention or dismissal of
employes are respectfully declined. And we
extract the following from the report of the
Anthracite Coal Commission on this subject:
"Nine — The commission adjudges and
awards: That no pcrscn shall be refused em
ployment, or in any way discriminated
against, on account of membership or non
membcrBhlp In any labor, organization ; and
that there shall be no discrimination against,
or interference with, any employe who in not
a member of any labor organization 'by mem
bers of such organization.*?.. .-.-.. • •
Your proposed agreement is in ten sectionf-.
The first and second propose arbitration In
regard to grievances or complaints. The third
dees away with the wase scale recently fixed
by Messrs. Mahon and Straus; and the third
aiso relates to badges, suspensions ar.d uni-
Ittms. The fourth, fifth, sixth, eevcntii and
r.lrth propose different runs, time-tables, hours
snd wages from those fixed by the award re
ferred to. Tfce eighth pection makes it oblig
attry upon all employes eligible to the union
t* Join your union within 60/ days and makes
it obligatory upon the company to discharge
ail non-union men who are 'eligible to the
utiion. The t<*ith provides that no employe
of this company shall suffer a reduction in
Mf wasr« becase of or through the operation
of this proposed conditional agreement. White
we are again willing to leave to the arbitra
tion at present provided the interpretation of
tr-e meaning of any clause of the contract we
rr.ay enter "into, we cannot leave to any form
ot" arbitration matters affecting employment
and diseharre; and while the company will
treat directly with the duly accredited offi
cers of the union under the recognition given
Ian year, the company cannot treat with
complaints that involve the abdication of the
management and legal obligations of its busi
ness, but irust Etand by the present agree
ment. . .
The reply of the Vnited Railroads
to the demands of the Carmen's
Union was handed to President Cor
nelius of the latter organization early
in the day, just alter the representa
tives of the company had informed
him that it would not comply with
the request of his union to cease hir
ing men. The communication is as
follows:'
San Francisco, April 6. 1904. — To MesM-s.
Richard Ccmelius. President, and J. H. Bowl
ii.C, Stcretary Treasurer, Amalgamated As
sociation of fctreet and Electric Hallway Em
ployes of America — Gentlemen: Referring to
your letter of the 2d to the president of this
ccmi>any, and to the conditional form of
arrt-ement that accompanied it. we Join you
in thie hoj>e that serious controversy may be
avoided, and that our relations during the
ccfnlEjf year may -be unstrained and- pleas
ant. We now rr.ak.? formal reply and should
tie pleased tn hear from you in answer, either
in writing or in conference with your com
mit t<?e, or in botn ways, as you may prefer. 4
DEMANDS OF 3IEX DENIED.
is difficult to see how the men— If given an
opportunity to express their views — can reject
the company's offer.' - • •
"In their letter to the company the ' carmen
expressed the hops that the "industrial peace"
spoken of/by Mr. Straus would - be continued.
Mr. 8trau« In giving the carmen an increased
wage said he had "been largely influenced | by
the desire and purpose to establish a perma-.
nent peace between tha company and Us- men,"
and eaid it was his expectation that the scale
named by . him " would ; continue for a ¦ longer
period than one year, ". and that . he; hoped it
1 would continue "for years to coroe^ — beyond the
period Rpeclfled." Compare ¦ this ' plalnlystated
an»t broad-minded sentiment .with .the rather
mlrlefifilriK language &of the- :carraen;> -fThey
express a desire for the character of 'Indus
trial pence hoped for by; Arbiter Straus, whom
they then suddenly-desert' and. set* up*an'en
tirely r.ew and . more—onerous < set , of terras as
the 'peace basis.- v Surely this sort^of thing' must
end somewhere.': .Tho- award'- gave the/Increase:
for "permanent* peace" ; we have. been! paying,
and paying wett.-'for'.VpermRnent -peace."..- Now; i
It appears that the elusive thing called "peace"
has dUapprareflr- The men -accepted- the -award
upon the terms stated In the: ;awajd, and a
resolution t of the union hne* declared, 1 I ".The
members ox-.tfie Carmen's Unjon.h'ave received
$125,000 additional money -under, the . award."
They do not , propose < however j, that^ "perma
nent Industrial peace" ' shall ' extend longer thaw
five months, for only / five months ? ago \ \h*
award was written. v - -;\' •?"¦'' •-' '¦''*' ' . v
The public should > not , be 'led' Into '-teUeT-
Ing the position of. the union .- leaders V to be
accidental. It has been, under way; and. pre
paring- ever since the./ award .; was . published.
From all sides we have heard: threats • to."'dt
ua up In , the spring," - and . though " at - first
¦Inclined to discredit these tales ".we were:finhl
ly forced to beiievo'that a-;s6clal»iUc minority
were determined at' arijr'i cost' to.' renew.<hoa
tllitles In the spring;; art'l "these/ are. the, same
men who aro now complaining -that the com
pany Is endeavoring to ¦."disrupt: the. union, 1 '
and demand that we stop /'breaJtlcg ln'.'^ttu
dents.
No fair conception of the conditions- .we have
been living under can be conveyed to "¦••the
public in a single Interview. ¦ ;. At :,'•¦ no ¦ .'tlmB
within my knowledge has this company • be«n
fre» from attacks. After: conceding all : -,thn
men demanded . in 1902. the attacks .broke-, out
almost Immediately and continued j up to the
arbitration. While arbitration was m progress
we were told what would "happen -to us 1 ' In
the spring. "While It wai being argued 'at
Xew York the arbiters were told t , that £ th«
San Francisco carmen were' "restlees" .and
"apt to make trouble and precipitate an : In
dustrial war." When"we were at great extra
expense, attempting to work ¦ out : the increase
dye to the men for back pay under the award,
we were charged with unnecessarily annoy
ing the men by purposely delaying.
The . men had this back: pay -comic 8T be
cause the company voluntarily .offered ¦ that
whatever the award of the board . should be
it should date back. ' and - for . this. ¦ In a lat
ter dated April 3, 1903, th« union aaid, . "We
thank you for promising that whatever wages
shall be finally agrecl upon shall take effect
as of May 1. 1903." Then its officers not
only permitted these attacks, but encouraged
them.
We have not had a month's p»ace within my
knowledge, and the constant nagging the com
pany has been subjected to can only be ascribed
to the element that is mierepresentting labor
union principles and trying to make it appear
that we *re hostile to all labor unions. Our
statements have been misconstrued and given
a meaning never intended. Words and expres
sions have been attributed to the company that
were mere inventions, and it is apparent there
will be no peace so long as this element, and not
strict union men, act as the representatives of
trades unionism. •'-¦•
/ With these conditions staring us In the face
a few leaders of the carmen seek to vest in
themselves the right to hire and discharge our
employes, for their request in this connection
is just about the same as the demands of last
year, except that they are more carefully
worded. The public was shocked a year ago
at the demands. They now ark that If a man
be discharged on the complaint of any passen
ger — man or woman— that if the employe feels
that he has bven unjustly discharged, the citi
zen must be brought before a 'court of arbiters
to tell his or her side of the story.- Just im
agine this condition of affairs. . No one would
dare complain— rito matter what the . offense
might be. Section 8 of the carmen's proposed
contract In effect says: First — Men who have
been expelled, by the union for non-payment of
dues or other reasons cannot remain in the
company's employ.- Second— Men who are re- 1
fused- admission to the union. cannot be em
ployed, dyer "sixty days. By this section the
•leaders could exercise a supervision over every
man the company, might hire and veto the hir
ing by refusing to permit such men to Join the
union, and might dh»ml»s any man- they chose
.trnjn- the -company's: service by' merely." aus
'nendihg him or them from the union.. - . .
TO yield' to • such -'a demand would be 'to
subordinate the public service to a control that
could never, be .held responsible for. its mii
takes, would place the company in the position
of shirking- its bounden legal duty, would dis
rupt the service and produce results the evils
¦of which must be ' apparent to every man or
woman who will give the matter a moment's
thought. Street, railway service is- •• like no
other service In this respect. In conclusion I
can only say we do not expect serious trouble,
nor do we. want It. We do 'not expect to nor
do' we want to disrupt the' union; we do want
pear*, and we do want fair treatment. While
-we do not expect trouble, . we are not unpre
pared for the worst. We are willing to live
up to the award of the arbiters and have
even offered to broaden Ks scope, notwithstand
ing the fact that. wages are. being reduced all
over America, and this notwithstanding the
fact that we are 'paying the highest wages
paid on earth on any equally, large, system to
men in similar employment. ."•.¦.'
UXIOX REGRETS DECISIOX.
The executive committee of the
Carmen's Union was in session for
several hours last night: ; Shortly be
fore midnight . PresiHent Cornelius
and • Secretary Bowling issued' a state
ment," which contains no intimation of
an . immediate strike, but, on the
contrary, 'suggests that further con
ferences with the representatives of
the company before the employes
take a- decisive step are very likely.
Of course the statement does not deal
with trie possibility of the company
sending its instructors out on the runs
with students to-day, as it is gener
ally, expected It will, in which event
trouble may immediately ensue. The
statement issued - by the union fol
lows:
The reply of the United Railroads to the
proposition submitted by > the Carmen's Union
Is decidedly disappointing. The union had
hoped 'that^the conciliatory attitude It had
assumed and the moderation of the terms of
the agreement submitted ' by It would .have
the effect of. inducing the company to cease all
warlike preparations, . and accept at least the
principal clauses in our' agreement, and , pro
ceed ,to dispose of the • minor matters ; in con
ference. Instead the company has declined to
aocepf any of the new conditions proposed by
the Carmen's Union, and in lt» very lengthy
statement giving ¦ Its , reasons * for refusing to
approve -the union's- proposition; indulges m
considerable sophistry, with the evident design
of misleading the public - on ' the merits of the
Issues involved. • .
" In '" declining to approve of the- arbitration
plan proposed by the junlon, the company tries
to make it appear that, the union is endeavor
ing to-. Infringe upon' the employer's right to
hire and discharge. The i provision! submitted
by the union is not ¦ intended to destroy the
admitted rights of.the company. in this reepect,
and does not warrant the strained construction
placed' upon it - by Mr. Holland. -¦ Had- the
officials of the United Railroads dealt exact
justice to their employes during -the last year
there would have been ¦ little . or . no necessity
for thto arbitration provision ; *• but such has
hot been" the case/ The severity of the disci
pline . enforced has Invariably; been measured
by. the standing -of., the .accused in the union,
and the "union, -In proposing the. arbitration
OSKALOOSA. Iowa, April 6. — An
official call was issued here to-day
from the miners' headquarters for a
joint meeting of operators and miners
on April 11, at which it is believed
some agreement will be reached and
the differences T>etween the miners and
oprators satisfactorily adjusted. It is
predicted that the 13,000 striking
miners in Iowa will be back at work
within a work.
Miners and Operators Will Hold Meet
ing to Discuss Agreement.
- «
I»11\CE OUTLOOK IX IOWA.
Asked if he did rot think that condi
tions were improving as to lawlessness.
Bishop Spalding: eaid that it did not
peem so to any extent. He said the riot
ous conditions during the anthracite
coal strike were not as bad in this re
spect as the newspapers had made j
them appear, although there was pick- j
eiing and always would be in strikes. I
•I don't think there is in America I
any class of employers who dellber- i
stely do their men wrong." declared I
Bishop Spalding.
J He did not believe, he said, in sym- I
pathetic strikes. When asked if he
would d-eny labor organizations the
right to. strike, he said the strike was!
the one weapon of labor organizations, j
and Jo deny that right would be to
ticny.-the right to organize. But the
creat object sought, he added, was to
bring about peaceful settlements with
out strikes. Labor organizations, he
raid, had accomplished much good. i
"I would say." he continued, "as i
Sherman said of war— that the strike i
l*s hell."
•Men who wer.t out'on a strike went j
back injured morally and not the came j
men. The children of strikers had I
been taught* to taunt the children of j
other workmen. The condition be- i
tv.eon capital and labor was not im- i
proving, he said, although the'Anthra- j
cite Cohl Strike Commission had ac- j
tomplished good results. He referred
to the present labor troubles in Col
orado. San Francisco and Chicago.
These conditions were obstacles to bet
terinc the general conditions of the
country.
Answering questions by ' Acting <
Chairman Vreeland. Bishop SpaldiCK J
eaid it tv&s not his opinion that the j
proposed tribunal would ever be call- j
ed u^on to determine the question of j
v hat is a legitimate profit for the In- j
vestment of caritaL Its province j
would be to settle disputes as to hours. :
treatment and pay cf employes by the
employer. A fair wage, he said, was j
determined ir. the soft-coal mines at]
the West by the conditions in the mines :
and the cost of living. Where e busi- |
reps did not permit of living wages, }
arcording to the American standard of j
living, that business ougnt to clo%e up, j
Ceclared the Bishop. i
WASHINGTON. April & -"Bishop j
Fpatding of Peoria, III.;" a member of .
the Anthracite CoaJ Commission, to
day urged the plan of arbitra-tibn con- ,
tained in the Foss bill before the House i
Committee on Labor. The bill provides
for a permanent board of arbitration,
to which shall he referred disputes be
tween labor and capital.
lielieves That a Permanent;
• Board Should Pass Tpou;
All Industrial- Disputes J
All platform men In the employ of the com
pany over two years shall be paid 27% cents
per hour.
All those in other departments whose wages
were affected through length of service by
the award to have their wages readjusted on
the basis of the award.
We have reached a place now where" we
must respectfully refuse to consider - any- de
mands looking to an increase of wages beyond
this. We ask our employes to consider wisely
and well all that hag gone before, and we
submit the ca*e to them and to an unpreju
diced public with entire confidence that their
verdict will be that we have acted fairly
and generouBly with- our men, • and.- believe
they will agree that we have reached' a point
beyond which we cannot go. We do not-wel
come a labor disturbance. We have, already
made heavy sacrifices to avoid It and to avoid
the public inconvenience and the distinct harm
that must follow. .'
It is. the desire of this company not to be
misunderstood. This offer of a continued .high
scale during an era of wage reductions Is made
to secure Industrial peace and avoid public
inconvenience, and, failing In that, the, offer
falls. : Under this arrangement 255 ' platform
men now receiving 26% cents wduld/imme
diately enter the 27%-cent class. Before eleven
months expired a total of 562 men ; would be
so - promoted. Immediately this scale goes
Into effect sixteen men of the 25-cent class
are promoted to the 20%-cent class. . During
the next six months .195 more are promoted,
and during the next six months 221 more 25
cent men would secure similar promotion. This
is a matter every man may figure, out for
himself and we invite them to etudy well the
effect of this proposed scale. The company
|« convinced that this proposition* should be
accepted as a whole by it* employes, and that
this frank and full statement will result in
a continuation of - the present award, broad
ened in Its scope, an stated," and as shown by
the contract annexed. , . ...-._
The company further suggests that this pro
posed contract be submitted to all of- the men,
to be. voted upon by them by secret ballot,
that a. fair and full expression of , their opinion
may be secured.- The company feels sure .that
wisdom should prevail and .that the ; proposed
contract should be ratified. Very • respectfully.
. EXECUTIVE COMMITTKE. ;
ARTHUR HOLLAND, President..- _ : y,>
GEORGE B. WILCUTT, Secretary. ¦-- . J'
The- maintenance of our present high scale
of wages does nfek comport with these con
ditions. The company, however, for the pur
pose of securing industrial peace, avoiding in
terruption of its service 'to the public, 'or
securing uteady ¦ employment to its men. of
preserving its deserved reputation as a liberal
paymaster, is willing to continue the award
of Messrs. Mahen and Straus, and in a most
liberal spirit." thoutrh resulting in some ad
ditional burden on this t company over the pres
ent scale.' " r The .-^company "States explicitly
fhat the limit' has been reached' '"•and that no
higher' wages will be paid. ' That the' condi
tion of the offer is, that it must be aicepled
as a whole, and that it brings about the
flcslr^a' industrial peace. The failure of either
of these conditions will relieve- the company,
of any obllsation to pay the wages 'under th»
jirepent award after April -SO next. The award
of Messrs. Straus . and Mahon gave no ad-
Vance to men who entered the company's ser
vice'on or after April 1, 1003. Under a strict,
interpretation of the award the wages from
Urril 3°. 1^04. to April 30. 1905, would be
as follows: Xo platform men entering the
V-cmpany's employ on or alter April 1, -1003,
¦would receive more than" 25 cents an hour.
Men employed between April 1, 1901, and April
1 100.1. would receive 26U cents, and .men
employed rrior to April 1, 1901, would re
cei\"e 27 H cents.
It might be paid that the passage of another
year should, in fairness on a graded scale,
bring promotion to a higher grade." Taking
that view of the matter, platform' men «m-'
ployed on and after April 1, 1904, should
receii-e 25 "cents an hour; platform men em
ployed between ADril 1. 1902, and April 1.
Iftrt4. "F.hould receive 28 cents an hour, and
platform men employed prior to April 1, 1902,
should receive 27% cents an hour.
A sliding scale based upon the date of em
ployment rather than the arbitrary date of
May 1 would be decidedly to the Interest rtf
the men. The 25-cent men would thus grad
ually pass to the 26>4-cent grade, ajid in turn
the 26%-cent grade to the 27H-cent class.
This would - result as follows: All employes
to work at 2o cents an hour during the first
year of their Employment. Those employes
who have been In the service more than one
year and under three years to receive 2S'i
cents, and those who have been in the service
more than three years 27>4 cents. The com
pany ' will Btand,.upon the scale of wages
fixed by the award, and give a still more
liberal construction; and will after April 30
next put Into effect the wage scale as follows:
All platform men In the employ of the com
pany for a period of one year and* under shall
be paid 25 cents per hour. X- ¦/ , . ,
• All platform men in the employ of the com
pany from one to two years shall be paid 26>4
cents per hour.
Three times this company, has given evi
dence of Its desire for Industrial peace and its
willingness to pay for it. AVe have passed
through the experience of making a volun
tary tender of increased wages without, any
demand having bet n made therefor. It ¦ failed.
We have passed through the period of yield
ing to -the men every cent or wage demand
thsy asked for. It failed. We have passed
through prolonged arbitration, In which an
increase was given to secure 'prolonged in*
dustrial peace. It failed. ¦
During the last few months conditions
throughout the country have greatly changed,
reductions in wages have been widespread.
As testifying to this we extract the following
from John Mitchell's recent advice that the
miners of bituminous coal accept a reduction
of of-j per cent rather than strike to maintain
the existing -scale. Mr. Mitchell said:
"It Is conceded on all sides' that the apex
of industrial activity has been ' reached and
w.j are slowly moving towafd an industrial
depression. The operators came into the joint
convention eeklng for a reduction in wage*
of 15 per cent. Their proposition was op
posed by us with all the Information and
skill at our command. As an ultimatum from
which they could not be moved they offered
us a reduction from present scale prices of
6.55 per cent. We know how hard it Is to
be compelled to accept a reduction in wages,
but it is better to accept a slightly lower
rate and hold your organization Intact, ready
to take advantage of any improvements which
the future of the trade may show, than to be
foi-ced to accent a greater reduction at the
end of a disastrous strike that may leave our
organization so weakened and demoralized that
ic would be unable to cope with the vast com
binations of capital now engaged In the coal
trade." v -;,' : . :.-.-;"¦ "_-.-V
The. Increase volunteered by the company
when it first purchased tha properties ,wa» to
e«;ur« Industrial peace. The, lncreaa* i three
weeks later to a fiat rate of. 25. cents, being
all your union demanded. - was conceded to se
cure industrial . peace. The Increase granted
by the arbitrators, which constitutes our pres
ent scale was granted for the express. - pur
pose of . scouring prolonged Industrial
peace. The award of . tha arbiters • Is
but a few months old. We > entered
Into a * solemn convention to arbitrate
our trace differences, and, though the result
of that arbitration was a great disappoint
ment- to the company and imposed heavy
additional burdens upon It, . and while since
that time wages have been and are being re
duced t throughout America, • yet with the
award— so lately^ mada — Itself pleading for
ita continuance and for Industrial peace, it
would- be- trifling with the publlSSio now seek
a fresh adjustment of this scale because it
failed to comport, with our own ideas.' and
thus precipitate a controversy that must work
great injury to the city and Inconvenience to
the public.
City. On November 3 a decision was rendered
by ihe arbiters — Mesers. Mahon of Detroit, pres
ident international Carmen's Union, and Straus
of New Tcrk. The other arbiter, Mr. Calhoun
of New York, diwented from the award. ¦
The arbiters found that the carmen's wages
then belnjr paid In San Francisco were from
10 to 15 per cent higher than those paid»l«e
where In America, except on a few small linos
in the 8tat» of' Montana; but in spite of that
finding, to Insure prolonsed Industrial peace,
the award pave to the carmen the. increase
herein mentioned. These wages are unusually
high, but the award said:
"I have be«n largely influenced by
the deslr« and purpose to establish a
permanent peace between the company and
Us employee. . to encourage a spirit of mutual
confidence, etc." ¦ ., '•*«,> ,
FAVORS THE' FQSS BILL
Last night the; executive committee
of the Carmen's Union issued a state
ment., which, however, contained no
intimation as to -what action would be
taken in regard to" the refusal of the
company -to tirant the union's demands.
Xhe tone, of; the. statement was exceed
ingly, mild/ 1 and 'in- it was expressed a
regret that the company had not be«n
a bit -more liberal in its review of the
proposition of the employes.
One of the. prominent officials of the
uaioii stated that no trouble" would oc
cur "for. at least a few da ys" — that is,
not until a further conference had been
held. When the posslblHty of the com
pany attempting to put . "students"
aboard its cars to-day under the care
of Instructors was suggested this offi
cial replied: /-r-'X
"Well, that is a different matter. If
they do that and discharge the union
men there is likely to be trouble."
Several prominent members of the
Teamsters' Union stated last night
that their organization was in full
sympathy with the Carmen's Union,
and if the latter went out on a strike
the teamsters would very likely fol
low and stop the rolling of all wheels
in this city.
Yesterday afternoon a committee
from the Carmen's Union, composed
of J. X. Copus, Robert Keyes and M.
James, held a conference with Mayor
Schmitz. who advised them to go slow
in ordering a strike and to be ex
tremely lenient in exacting com
pliance with the conditions desired to
be Imposed on the corporation.
the company was. shipping J[arpe_quai»
titles of provisions and stores • t»». Its
several carhouses and making dthor ar
rangements • for a possible.demonstra
tion. It was also* discovered "that a
local detective agency had received an
order to place a large'- number. of men
5:i the various hulldlngs of the company
about town, a fact that greatly added
to the anxiety ,cf. -the general public,
which had received the .news of the
action of. the company in the light of
an exhibition ¦ of determination tc
promptly meet any interference from
any source.
"The Strike Js Hell," Says
Spaldinjr in Advocacy
of Peaceful. Adjustments
Continued from Pajrc 1, Column 2.
Holland Rejects Der
mands and Gives
Reasons!
STREET RAILWAY TROUBLE
REACHES AN. ACUTE CRISIS
BISHOP URGES
ARBITRATION
THE SAN_FRANGI.SGO^GALIi;:.^HURSDAY.>APRII-jJ^:1904:
2
X) . ADVERTISEMENTS.
' • 'Every one of the four l . Hundred vehicles in
our store is new since January i st. The fire last
July took^11 the old ones. You will be inter-
ested in seeing the finest nssprtmeht qi -Gar-,
riages iever shown west of New- York, Gity;
Market] and rTenthr; Carriage Repairing
Catalogues Furnished. "Property Donei . ':
DE. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
I
STRIP MEDICINE OF
ITS MYSTERY.
The most skitlful Physician I" the world has bat
(hr^r «npom ar»mit iIikik 5*?TT l rttt£«
These arr sedatives, vtimulants. *nd the knife.
Hr ases them accordinc to his ability, his con-
science, and the symptoms described or revealed »o
him by the patient.
Scarcely any two Doctors «-i!l diagnose •rmptoms
in the same w»y. or tull» «rre* upon a case.
Pgcanse. sunrjtoms *rr unreliable, and often in-
dicate onlv a small t»rx of the ailment II Is folly to
««str time and money in treating the nan of disease in-
dicated by symptoms, when <he more obscure and im-
pona » cause is.not ne cried. r .
Mut. *hai rTiynir tn re practice, on afford V> admit
thi» H e » ' 1 1 do h is best to cure, and he often succeeds.
He will experiment till he finds a rtrur which seems
to take hold He will prescribe a Sedative which
nnmbu the Pain or s Tonic which sttmutates the sick
orran to t< mporary activ ty but the inevitable tt -action
is Iwond to tollow He w.11 do hi* best, am can # t «f-
rord to tell you he ts only experimenting
There is but one sure way of eradicalmr disease.
That sure way i« tn ffo strairht lor the cause, no matter
how trdtous the process lT»e "Cure^uick'" method*
»f medicine are a» risky and nncerum. «• the "Get-
och-qukk*" schemes of finance
Certain thine* ¦« 'ratine disease are -positively
known The rest i* mere opinion.
t. who am writinr thw article. h»v« bee* thirty
years a Phvs>ci»n. and have treated •!<»» ««o wiiIIk«.
cases ¦ •
Tht< n^> taiurlx «h v>me cenaintw*
I tuve proves be>VtMi d-jtibt, that nearly all ois-
ease*, (except foroe tUgLtf Ca«e».» are doe «o weak-
«e» ol tht inmust nerves. •
Not the nerves we teel w-ith. the cerebro-sprnat tys. •
tom.-<which <s usually treated.* Hut.— the Power-
nerve< that operate the Mean, liver Kidneys, and all
th» vitai oittids.
I have riever found sickness ot »ny orran where
*e»e inmost nerves were strong, (cancer e*cepted.)
And I hate never failed to find a m-eaknes* ol these
nerves where any of the organs m-ere sick
It is these nerves alone that rive powei te operate
•»ch orran, «o it can throw off its poisonoos «»ste mat-
«e» and rebuild new tissue from the blood to replace it
When we strengthen these oerves.— provide them
with a «irpl»s ot power -we do more than rive new
We to the orrans known to be affected. We also repair
¦nsospected weakness in any other orran,— in compli-
cations which An «oi reve»l themselves through symp-
° m T*t* w *hy my modt of treatment cure* in »o many
cases that baffle niher Phvsiciant who rerv on symptom
tmf n* , . . .
After years o» enperience *nd ob»er»auon I dis-
covered th»t * niu« rhemical would directly and jale-
ty vitalire tnese inmoM nerves. To this J «dded. Sub-
tracted fr*m and modified, noting carefully each result
till • perfected a prescription which never fails no* to
rive »tret*th to tht smirre ol Powet.-to the Inmost
oerve»-*irerrth frrmi 0«e very first
With it I cured, on actual test of t.ooo rate*, to out
o* every 40 t*ck people "
It is no' i''O«kUii" because I have not used in
tt* sinr'.edrur tha*«nu>d «ccumulate. nor be danrer-
oua il a hundred Miles were tsken. There are no
sedative* in it to lui* the patient into a delusion that his
pains are dlsappe*rme TJvrteSre no Narcotics nor m-
jiirvM»> StimuUnU to exhilarate him temporanlr. at
tht T^Kot^no. -Wei, fat*. .. 'Dr.
Slioon 1 * Restorative" and so st:re a(n I of its curative :
effect that I mill plau it on a month's trial, at my own
.isk ~ith praeticiny an> sick one who wntes me for iL
H thU Wial <loe» not convince hun il is sacce«dic*.
t will bear the whole co*i myseH. .
When t>r Shuop's Restorative *«reeds. as rl does •
in K out V40 o-esV the cost to the patient or the en-
UrT'M rSnle.) treatment is but f | $• Thr, include,
mv nrofetstooal help in the case.
book to mail free lor yojineU or for
¦ sick -friend.
ftoik I on D>'*p«*pf1«. Book 4 for Women.
Hook 2 on Ihe Heart. B<»ok 5 for Mr-n (sealwl.)
KT>rk 3 on the KldncyeBook *J en Rheumatism.
Address Dr. Fhoop. Bex 8C5O. IUcIne, Wis.
Pimple cavea oftrn yield to a s'.neie hottle of Dr.
Fhonp'n Restorative <one dollar). Sold by all
drutrit U. . _ . _ . ..
THE GEYSERS
The Most Famotu - Health and Pleasure
Besort In California.,
•THE CLIMATE AND SCENERY are unsur-
passed and the waters are acknowledged tb*
best on the market. Natural mineral, steam
and Hammam baths. Swimming lake of tepid
mineral water. Boating, hunting, fishing,
dancing, shuffle-board, billiards and croquet.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES have- been
renovated throughout, and new cottages and a
fine pavilion built this year.
There will be a fully equipped dairy and Ut-
ery stable in connection with the hotel. The
hotel, cottages, bath houses .and grounds are
lighted by electricity.
The hotel will be supplied with the best th«»
market affords. Rates. $10, $12. $14 and 51«
per week. For further particulars and booklet
write R. H. CURRY, Prop. The Geysers..
j Sonoma County. California.
VACATION 4904
IS NOW READY FOR DISTRIBUTION/:
"Vacation" Is Issued annually by ¦
the
CaliforniaNorthwesternR'y
\ THS PICTURESQUE BOUTE C7 CALI70HNIA
and Is .the standard publication
on. thePaciflc.Coast for informa-
tion regarding '^ ¦ •'
MIMERAL iSPRIIVG ;RES0RTS;
COUNTRY HOMES AND ''FARMS
WHERE SUMMER i BOARDERS
ARETAKEN,:AP.D SELECTJCAMP.
- This year's .edition.;- "Vacation
1904" contains over -150- pages,
beau tifullyj^illuitrated, "and is
s complete in" its detailed informa-
tion as .to location, accommoda-
tions, 'attractions," terms, etc
To be had in response to % mall re-
quest, r or at Ticket Offices. 650 llarkel
Street; (Chronicle Building), and Tiburor
Ferry, foot of ' Market . Street; Genera!
Office, ; Mutual Life Building, corner ol
Sansqme and California Streets. San
Francisco. :
n. X. RYAN. Oen'l Pass'r Agent.
H. C. WHITIX O, ' Gen'l ,'llanager. , ,; .
RFPfi^HFlM I>"8ntfully. situated > In thr,
OCnU JllCIITl Santa Crus * Redwoods. Ratei
$7 , and ' IS f per week. , For .' circulars ' address G
F. B1EDEN WEG.i R.^ D. 121.* Santa Cru». Cai
ROCKY Falls Farm. 4 miles from Santa Crua.
,ln mts.< G.M.Shippey.mK.F.U..Snta Croa
l^^E^'^ To sweeten, '; Dispels colds and j
IK^S s^Si re^ es^» ( headaches, when 1
llp^^^^l To cleanse the i bilious or con- \
'Iff^ I : ;For meii, women. J
J^-^'-.'j^^^^lf^:::)^^, Gently ; V. fln d children ; I
:||^ There is ; only \ Acts best on _
1^§/-^^^M^ : ' one "Genuine' 0 the kidneys
to S^t its bene- J stomach and : J
I f ficial elito bowels; j
¦ : ; .Always buy the genuine— Manufactured by the. I
t| Ky bMy fmnclsco,eal. /( ew York f At.Y. I
/cl| N The genuine Syrup of Figs is fot sale by all first-class druggists. The '-£
t| J f full name of the company — California Fig Syrup Co. —is always 9
f'--. printed- on the front of every package* Price Fifty Cents per bottle.
IfBARTLETTl
The lishinjj I _
I rOUl season opened | ' uQdX
I •"-'" 1 April Uty » "
And ¦: those who enjoy . catchlns * the
speckled beauties : will find rare sport 'at
.Bartlett durinc the months of April and
May.
The Klmrod who would hunt bear and
other large game can secure the services
of an old mountaineer and. hunter, with
; good .bear doss and saddle animals.
They set a good table at . Bartlett. and
everything, is done to make" the guests
comfortable and contented. . .
RATES $12 to $17.50 per week
¦ i Write toV. E. McMAHAN. Bartlett
Springs,' Cal.,' or call at 2 Sutter street.
San Francisco. " ¦¦.'¦•- .'"
HOT SPRINGS, SONOMA
Qif/lf*f*Q COUNTY;';, only -.4% hours
y f\ §\ %y \Jf O : from San ' Francisco and
- . , but 9 miles .staging; :wa-
.»r« nn'sd for medicinal virtues; ¦best' natural
not mineral water bath In Stater boating and
sVlmming^in Warm Springs Creek; good trout
Yearns; telephone, telegraph, dally mail, ex-
nress and San Francisco morning and evening
papers* FIRST-CLASf HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE: both morning and afternoon stapes;
round trip from San'Francisco only *5 W>.Take
Tiburon 'ferry dally at7:30 ar in.' or: 3:30 p..m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of , the past j nine years. Patronage \ of
1003 unprecedented. Information at ' Peck s In-
f ormation Bureau. . 11 ! Montgomery it., or . of
j. F. MULGREW. Skaggs. Cal.
Own Summer Horns % fjgsfei: CamD ileeker"
Pure water, equable climate,- lot» eelllng - S10
up; cottages built by Meeker. $50 up; -depot;
stores;; restaurant: hotel; post and express;
telephone; sawmill; 000 lota sold; 300 cottages
built. Sausallto ferry. N. 8. R." R.' M;' C.
MEEKER/ Camp : Meeker, Sonoma County. . .
Napa Soda Springs^
' The - famous : mountain'- health and pleasure
resort Is now ; open for the ; patronage -. of - the
public. Address .; JOHN JACOBS.
LOS GA^TOS.
HOTEL " LYNDON— Modern ' improvements,
extensive grounds:; popular amusements;, lawn
tennis, croquet; climate ' unsurpassed. \ Opposite
depot. v - . -J.. P. MOGENSON,- Prop.
HOTEL,
Extensively Improved .' since " last season.
Opens April 1. -THOS. L. BELL. Mgr.; Felton,
Cal.-= Buy tickets to Tuxedo, narrow-gauge,
.foot. of Market street. Round trip, $3.00. •:
II0WELI;MT4 : .?!ft sE
No fog.'? Purest spring ; water.". Climate i natural'
tonic -. and" Invigorator. > Residence 1 2& > years. \ $7
per week. 'Woodworth & Muller, St. Helena. Cal.NEW- YORK, -.April 6. — The follow
ing Californians are registered * here:
From San Francisco — J. D. Johnson,
at the St. Dennis.
From Los Angeles— G. T. Cline. at
the Cosmopolitan; D.L-.Snedaker, at
4be Spaldins:. -
Californians in New York.
The suit of Fred Boehm, nephew, of
the late Daniel Boehm.t against K. A.
White of the Southern Pacific Com:
pany to recover $3600 he alleges White
is withholding from his uncle's estate,
was reopened' in Judge .Sloss' court
yesterday, for purpose of admitting
evidence for cfcie^ plaintiff that was the
subject of a - dispute at the ; original
hearing of the suit. The evidence in
question was furnished by. . Boehm's
nurse and , related ' to several • conver
sations she alleged she overheard be
tween White and the deceased, which
would .tend? to, show' thati the money
Reopens Boehm Case.
Give Leap Year Social.
St. Paul's Booth gave a leap year
social at Mission Parlor Hall last
night, .which .was ' largely attended.
A * programme replete with vocal and
instrumental ; gems was , followed;, by
dancing, in - which all participated.
Performance for Benefit of Alma
Maiter. to. Bring 'Out: Noted
People of Stage.
St. Mary's College alumni have se
cured some rare talent for the benefit
to be given the alma mater at the Al
hambra Theater on April 12.
; Theodore Bonnet and Dr. C. D. Me-.
Gettigan have charge of . the pro
gramme and announce that Kolb and
Dill, Miss Flossie Hope and Miss
Gertie Emerson are to appear at the
benefit and- that Barney Bernard has
wired his intention of taking part in
the performance. Jean ", Logan, the
national dancer; Nathan Landsberger,
violinist;. Mrs. Theodore Bonnet (Hel
en Merrill), # theTobin sisters and Miss
Kruger will_ be' among the foremost to
appear. • . Harry; James will have di
rection ; of the performance, and Judge
Murasky, 1 class_'8.3, : will make an ] ad
dress on behalfof the* alumni.
Loses Queue . in Cable Slot.
Little Ah Ging, aged .12 years, "lost
his ( queue through ' a peculiar accident
last night at the corner of Sacramento
and Dupont streets^ /Ging: was sharp
ening the peg of his top on , a wheel in
the cable: slot, at..:, 'the 'point named.
His queue dangling f rbm *' his head
dropped .in .the slot , and, was ? quickly
am pu tated . by" the ' : r evolvi ng , wheel.
The* lad,} who is^the'sori" of a'prosper
ous merchant; set-UD'a loud; wail and
ran. to his'' dad. It \will beVmany
suns before the "pigtail" grows out
again. : \. . 1
Schools Will Hold Discussion.
There will be a debate between the
Oakland %J3yening y High v School I and
the C5 Wilmerding f> School . to-morrow
(Friday) ? evening, '"'{April \ 8, at" the "i.Wil-'.
rrierdlng ; School, f of 'Industrial 2 Arts.
The ;Muestion v that v will ; be/debated is:
"Resolved, v .That the v ; acquisition ; of
more foreign I terri tory* will \ be' benefi
cial to'the United States.".;" ; The ; : Oak-/
;Jan.6>-High' School ". will j speak ) in' favor
of. and 5 the Wilrherdlng School against
the resolution T^" :
PERSONAL.
Dr.W. C. Hall of Petaluma is at the
Lick. , -
. Baron V. Bruggin of London is at
the- Grand. '¦. .
W. J. Pope, a capitalist of- Chicago,
is at the St. Francis.
D. S. Rosenbaum, a banker of
Stockton, is at the St. Francis. /
Henry Eilers,' a merchant of Port
land, Or., is at the St. Francis.
Dr*. D. E. ' Blackburn and wife -of
Pescadero are guests at the Grand. ~
Dr. . W~ G. Rodgera of Honolulu is at
the \ Occidental on his way to , New
York.
Captain and Mrs. Dick of London,
who have been 'visiting the Orient, ar
rived at the Palace yesterday. •
.John A. Merrill, the weir known local
merchant, and his family, . who " have
been visiting Honolulu, returned "yes
terday.
¦ • .Wong Yap, Chinese . commissioner to
the ' St.H Louis' u; Exposition, ;' ? and three
secretaries,, arrived , at the Palace yes
terday, from the Orient.
S. Fukasowa of Yokohama,, newly
appointed second secretary to the Jap
anese legation * in Mexico, ¦ registered at
the Occidental yesterday. / '¦
Dr. R. . H. Campbell, representing one
of -'America's • big , insurance [ companies
In Singapore, arrived .from the -Orient
yesterday on his way to' New York and
is registered at the < Palace.
>Hon.;D. R. Williams and Judge Ed
win! Blockr.whV are connected .with the
judiciary /department; in . Manila,*, .were
«xnong; the arrivals onl the J Korea' yes-
ter3ay and are registered at the Pal
ace.
A. C. Magnu3, one of the leading
hop merchants of St.. Louis, who has
been in the Orient several months for
his health, returned on the Korea yes
terday and .is registered at the St.
Francis.
» T. Clarkson. a prominent newspa
per man of New Zealand, is In th«
city on his way to the St. Louis Ex
position. He represents the Lyttle
ton Times, the Dunedin Star and the
Auckland Star and will remain at hi3
new post of duty until December.
¦ Mrs. , Gladys Webster, wife of Hon.
Arthur. Harold .Webster, private secre
tary to the Lord Chief Justice of Eng
land and daughter of Sir Francis
Henry Evans; a banker of London and
director of the International ' Sleeping
Car/ Company, arrived . here yesterday
on the * steamship Ventura from Aus
tralia and is at the " Palace. Jocelyn
Evans, a brother of the lady, cams
West 'to meet his sister. >
' Manager S. L. Acker man of the
Grand Opera-house is rapidly pro
gressing ; toward * complete recovery
a nd ; is - ho w able to ' give attention to
his \ business ¦ affairs. He ; attended the
matinee last Saturday of "Hedda Gab
ler" to' the great' delight of hls-em
ployes./ He .was "also overwhelmed
with congratulations by I his, .many
friends, not only on his restoration
health, but also on -his brilliant suc
cess whlleln New -York, Vhlch result
ed : In the securing ; for the ; Grand Op
era-house '}. of Mrs. Fiske. Mrs.! Leslie
Carter, Blanche Bates and other stars
of magnitude. /
Charles W. Clark of San Mateo,
Frank L. Sizer of Helena and William
Falconer, administrator of the estate
of Edward L. Whitmore of Butte City,
Mont., are defendants in a suit
brought ; in the United States
Circuit Court by the Rosario
Mining and Milling Company, with
head offices at Fort Worth, Tex., to
recover $400,000 for breach of con
tract. The complaint alleges that the
'mining company gave the defendants
an option on the following named
mines in the district of Mina, in Chi
huahua, Mexico: Nuestra Senora del
Rosario, Xanki>r" Anexo La Xina del
Rosario and the Maraquita. and two
water supplies and streams named
Guadalupe y Calco and La Periquera.
In addition an option was given . on
thirty-six million square varas of land
in the vicinity of the 'imine and the ma
chinery of a ten-stamp mill.
It was agreed, according to the com
plaint, that Clark should take posses
sion of the mine on May 1, 1902, for
the purpose of exploring it and that
he was to pay 5400,000 on July' 27,
1903, for the properties mentioned. It
is alleged that Clark refused to carry
out the contract. 'Ls^i
Four Hundred Thousand Dollars De
manded of C. W. Clark nnd Others
for Breach of Agreement.
The matter is to be recommended
to the Supervisors at their next meet
ing. It is hoped that Welsbach lights
may also be placed at intervals along
the road.
Mr. Allen reported, as chairman of
the executive committee, that the im
provement'of the' grounds surrounding
the Affiliated Colleges was to be begun
at once, the appropriation for the
work having been granted at the last
session of the Legislature.' A special
committee, "consisting^ of Joe Rosen
berg, D. Foley, P.-Diez, D. Strange
and Mr. Ferguson, reported that the
Board of Public . Works was , in ': favor
of 1 making H street a thoroughfare to
the ocean beach— that is, to bitumin
ize and lay cement sidewalks^-from
First avenue to Seventh avenue arid to
macada mize the street ¦ from there on
to the Ocean '•, boulevard. Sol Getz, it
was stated, is grading his property at
that point, having lowered the-road
way seven feet.
The Sunset District Improvement
Club met Tuesday evening, the 8th,
with W. W. Allen Jr. in the chair and
I. D. Bluxome as secretary.
Residents of the Sunset District Will
Ask City for Appropriations for
Their Street Work.
Judge Murasky gave Edward Brown
a divorce from Rosie Brown for
cruelty.
Richard R. Lowe, the Klondiker. who
Is a defendant in a suit for divorce
brought by Virgie Graves Lowe, de
nies in an answer to. her suit that h»
is Intemperate. He asks the court to
dismiss her action.
Ellas Keyser, a building and loan
solicitor, in an answer to the suit for
divorce*- filed by Carrie Keyser, denies
that he ever treated her cruelly. In a
cross-complaint he charges that she
is the one to blame for their present
difficulty. \
Charles McEnery a wealthy Chicago
youth, is seeking a divorce from Lucy
F. McEnery for cruelty. He alleges
Jn the complaint filed yesterday that
she is insanely jealous of him and
that once she attacked him with a
knife and that quite frequently she
threatened to shoot him. Her con
duct, he says, drove him from home.
Cruelty is also alleged in the com
plaint for diyorce filed by Marguerite
Cole against Charles Cole.
Mary A. Keith wants a divorce from
Chester G. Keith for desertion. Intem
perance is the . ground upon which
Mary A. Daly is suing Thomas B. Daly
for divorce. It is also the ground In
the complaint filed by T. H. Osbbrn
against Kate Osborn. Cruelty is al
leged in the suit commenced by Amy
Casey against W. R. Casey.
George M. Drum, a blind newsdealer,
secured a divorce from Lottie Drum in
Judge Seawell's court. He testified that
she would attack him with a club while
he was dozing in a chair and that once*
she broke a mirror over his head. He
only married her last November.
Cliarle* McEnery ClaJms He Was
Driven From Home by Conduct
of His Spouse.
CLAIM NEIGHBORHOOD
NEEDS IMPROVEMENTS
WEALTHY CHICAGO YOUTH
SUING FX>R DIVORCE
SUIT TO RECOVER ON
A MINING CONTRACT
ST. MARY'S COLLEGE ALUMNI
ARE TO GIVE RARE TREAT
JIA.VUFACTURED EVIDENCE.
The speaker then took the witness
Rosell in hand and argued that the
testimony about the seal bore the ear-
I asked him yesterday whether he was*
ashamed, and Judge Cook Fustained an objec
tion, but the witness would have answered.
No. He is devoid of shame. He has not a
(•park of-, honor in hi* decaying composition.
He has not a word of encouragement for the
woman who fed and assisted him in his dis
tress. Instead he endeavors to blacken her.
Creatures like that, covered with the slime
of dirty, rotten, depraved origin., seek to de
stroy others. He is intrinsically rotten and
depraved and his name will - be the eynonj-m
In the history of the city of depravity, rotten
ness and sin.
This woman dragged him from degradation
and the mire and endeavored to instill some
spark of manhood and decency into him.
After his hungry mouth was' fed h» turned
on h»r like a demon or cannibal willing to
sacrifice her to hide his own shame.
She appeared in jaunty style, seemed to
think that it was & holiday affair, she had no
characteristics of sincerity and was evidently
seeking notoriety. She did not Identify Mrs.
Botkin as the woman who purchased the hand
kerchief because she realized the awful re
sponsibility of branding this woman as a
felon. She said that she resembled the woman
who purchased the handkerchief.
Judge Ferral talks of higher law.- but there
Is no higher law than God's law — justice. Mrs.
Almlra Rueff was willing to hang Mrs. Botkin
on quotation marks, and then appeared Mr.
Dunning, a pocket edition of Jeffries, the prtie
fighter, who also knows nothing about the case.
I regret to hold up to condemnation any
fellow-cltl2en. but John P. Dunning Is an
ungrateful man that stung the hand that fed
him.
DENUNCIATION" OF DUNNING.
He next discussed Mrs. Tuchler's
testimony and declared that he had no
inclination to cast aspersion on any
w'tness, but asked the jury to remem
ber her appearance on the stand. He
said:
former trial in reply to a question of
the Judge had said that Mrs. Botkin
was not the woman.
The noon hour having arrived, an
adjournment was taken until 2 o'clock.
Knight's powerful voice was in ex
cellent condition when he began his
address in behalf of Mrs. Botkin after
the noon recess. He said:
Judge Fcrral has said' that my services In
this case were worth JlO.Ono. Before the eter
nal God. whom 1 expect to meet, not one farth
ing of that woman's money came to my pocket.
She is penmlees, alone, forsaken, a derelict on
marks of manufactured evidence and
if it was necessary to get the seal it
was necessary for the prosecution to
get other things.
Expert testimony also came in for
a scoring at the attorney's hands. . He
said: "Expert testimony is in general
disrepute In, the courts throughout the
country. It comes into court with the
dirty pieces of silver in .its pockets and
the .testimony is not as ; to facts, but
to conclusions. It would be. the eighth
wonder of the world if an. expert tes
tified adversely to the side which em
ployed him. Dreyfus was condemned
to Devils Island upon expert testi
mony, and that condemnation shook
the very foundation of the French re
public. Look at the present status of
that case. The expert in that case is
now condemned by his fellow men
and Dreyfus is honored."
After reviewing Dr. Ten-ill's testi
mony for the defense, the letter of
June 17, 1897, and circumstantial evi
dence In general, McGowan concluded
with: "I want you to render a verdict
in this case so that when you wrap
the draperies of the couch about you
to lie down to the last sleep you can
say to those about you: 'Thank God, I
depart this life without thinking that
I wronged any one!*"
At this juncture the lawyer desired
to read from the transcript of Green's
testimony at the former trial, but
Byington objected and Judge Cook de
cided that the reading must be from
the transcript of testimony in the pres
ent trial. He then read from the
transcript to show that Green at the
McGowan then went into the ques
tion of identity and dwelt upon the
weight of Gray's testimony. He said
that in all fairness to that witness it
must be admitted that he hesitated.
He said:
When * witness -i* in doubt, what can we
Fay? He cave you his beliefs and surmises.
I«ife Is the nriceless crm that has come from
the Creator's hand. H^re is a woman who?"
life I? filled with all the joys that make life
worth livine. and th«-y ask you to crush that
life with such testimony. They want you to
Juggle with the testimony and give her the
next be«t punishment and confine her in a,
prison for the rest of her life.
Th»y next introduced a witness named
Gr»en. temp arsenic had been found in Dela
«ar* and Cray's t**tlmony would not stand.
to Grvn api:*er* <;n the scene seeking notoriety.
He Bay* ho couldn't identify the woman's
Xft^f. ¦tiVrnffr remembering distinctly the sale
of lump arsenic.
QUESTION" OF IDENTITy.
pect t<> get him? Puch a theory ir not logical.
LroJcirsg fit tb» rate fairly, there i* aa entire
absence cf motive, and that it against the peo
ple and in favcr of the defendant.
The arsenic fnund In Delaware wm lump ar
*en!i\ and there is absolutely no evidence to
show that Mrs. Botkin purchased lump arsenic.
Gray testified that Mrs. Botkin. or a woman
clofit-ly rrstmbllng her. purchased powdered ar
senic fmtn him at the Owl drug *tore. and tn
formed us that iK>wd>red ar»esic Is as fine as
flour. Professor Wo'.ff said that powdered ar
senic doe* not oryetailize- I point out this to
shew vou the inconsistencies In the evidence.
Aocnrdirig to th» testimony Dr. Bl»ho» first
held the shecry that It vi« choVra morbu?.
then ptomaine pciacnipg. Hr- Bishop has told
you that sa-s»nic 1* an Indestructible poison,
yet if th?y wante.1 to demonstrate beyond a
doubt the manner of death they would exhume
th» body.
ATTOB-NnTS THAT PLEADED TO THE JLT.T FOR THE LIFE AND LIBERTY OF MRS. BOTKIN AND DRAMATIC SCENE THAT
FOLLOWED THE CLOSE <5F THE ARGUMENT WHEN A HOST OF STMPATHETIC FRIENDS SURROUNDED THE AC
CUSED WOMAN IN THE COURTROOM.
Walking over to where his client sat
and placing his hand on her shoulder.
Knight said: -'Mrs: Botkin is charged
with murder. Here is a woman., ac
cording to the theories of the prosecu
tion, who planned murder, and with;
arsenic. She bought two kinds, they I
say, powdered I arsenic and^_. lump
arsenic, which is rarely sold. -What
did she want of two kinds of arsenic?" «
Miss Livernash'sjtestimony was here
reviewed relative to Mrs. Botkin's
statement upon being informed that •
she was suspected. "It is not true, and -
a statement' of that kind could never \
emante from any brain but one sired v
by a Livernash." Continuing, the. at- \
torney said:
Mrs. Botkin x would never give her husband
a divorce, and the evidence »hows that mar
riage was n»ver thought . of. between her and
Dunning, and yet that Is the basis of the pros
ecution Jn this case. ¦ i?3ii!fSM ,
Did that cur. that cowardly dog that has
taken money from two women, did he let her
know that he Intended to abandon h?r? No; he
kissed her . good -by,, took the lunch she pre
pared for him to eat on the train, and wrote
to her from time to time.
Would you trust the reputation of a mangy,
skulking, yellow dog in his keeping? He says
she -fed him: h» swears that he took money '
.from her. and that she nurtured him. He was
a defaulter to the Pres3 Association and a
thief. There he is swimming In the pool— the o
cuttlefish the doBfteh— with his wife? No — r
with h!s wife> fiiend. who gave him $800, and t
whom he admits visiting often in her apart- t
mentf>. t
* Xow. l"t us Uake Mrs. Rueff, a Christian €
lady. The first we hear of her Is that she let j
! Dunning clandestinely into Mr. McClure's *;
house, where the vaj living, to See Mrs. Bot- 8
kin, and stood watch for the adulterous inter
course. ' c
Witness Rosell'also came in for a
scorching, and Knight continued: j
I would go down to the very dregs of hell to
save this poor woman from her persecution. I
This derelict on life's'' sea comes to me with no
recommendation but the fact that her father.
Richard Brown, was the rx-st friend I ever /
had. - -'
Look at that audience and. you can see what •
we have to contend with. Woman's wor*t
friend !«•' woman. 13' there one of your, sex
who has ever come to this poor woman and
even said, . "I hope you will have a. fair trial"."
There you are around.. this woman as you
would go down out of curiosity to sec a horri
ble sight -In the Morgue. ...
In concluding, Knight dwelt upon the
inconsistency^of the photographic' en- l
largements.and the fact that the cam-p
era does not always tell the truth/]
"These experts," he said, "are* only ¦
licensed by the court telling the jury :
to look out for them. They are just j
as purchasable on one side as the other, j
You hire them the same as a man cuts ,
your cordwood. j
"Mrs". Botkin believes in this jury, j ¦
She selected it, and she has never-cast!
one thing in the way. No one has been I
emissary on the outside, and nobody !
but McGowan and myself to speak for
her."
Here Knight referred feelingly to the •
silver-haired old mother in Healdsburg, '
I wondering what was to be the fate of ,
her child. This broke down Mrs. Bet
kin altogether. 1 and she wrung her
hands and sobbed. Soon after this re
markahle scene was enacted women
of air classes to the number of seventy
five or more" filed^ by. the accused wo- .
man and showed their sudden ¦ change
of heart • by lavishing affection upon" !
her. .
The clvsing argument of the prose
cution will be heard this morning at
10 o'clock.
Vou can't make believe that 'old man Fen
ningrton's' family were so ravenous for candy
that they would gorge themselves and not
know whence it came. It was the judgment
of the women who died that the candy came
from an old friend. Mrs. Corbally. - Mrs. Dun
ning ' must have been able to pass upoa the
genuineness of the handwriting of Mrs. Cor
bally. • " "X
the ocean of life. Before God, I bell«v« there
is no evidence to convict Cordelia Botkin of
murder. The more atrocious^ the crime the.
stronger the suspicion and the easier It Is to
believe the 'accused* guilty. •¦
Look at the primitive methods of Dr. Bishop.
Go back. Dr. Bishop,:? fifty years and read up.
What old fogy, what cruel practitioner would
givu strychnia through the Btcmach for arseni
cal poisoning? - •
G«prjr9 A. Kn!*lU made his argument
for Mrs. Cordelia. BoUdn yesterday,
foUo-»riii« Attorney McGowan. who
m&£e t&« cexminc address for the de
fense, For three hours he spoke without
fatigue, arguls* that his client did sot
Fend poisoned c&ndy to Mrs. John
P. Dunrln* In Dover In 1SSS.
The attorney used such arts as he
possesses to move the jury and
auditor? to sympathy. When he re
ferred to the parents of the prisoner
at the bar and pictured her child
hood, she xcmng her hands, as If deeply
moved. At one time she put her fin
gers to ber ears to avoid hearing: those
portions of her attorney's speech
that brought up bitter memories.
It was not until the close of the
dcy'i proceedings that the sensation
of ine trial developed. During his ar
gument Knight took occasion to ar
raign the ¦women in court for their
morbid cariosity and lack of feeling
for a defimselets woman. His de
nunciation was bitter, and It xvas not
without salutory effect. For the first
t!me in the case there waa a demon-'
*=tration for the accused, and a num
ber of "women pattered around the
prisoner. Some kissed her cheek, oth
ers stroked her hand or offered words
cf encouragement.
District Attorney Byington will close
fr-r the people this morning, and after
the conrt's-- instructions the case will
go to the jury this afternoon.
Court convened promptly at 10
o'clpck, and the courtroom was rilled
to the doors.
REBUKES FERRAL.
Frank McGowan opened for the de
fen^", and made an impassioned plea
for an acquittal. After declaring that
ihe evidence did not bear out the the
ories of the prosecution, he rebuked
Prosecutor Ferral for seme statements
he mad" in his argument on Tuesday.
McGowan paid: "Gentlemen, yester
day Judge Ferral. an honored member
'•f an honored profession, indulged in
vituperation and vilification which
the exigencies of the case dJd not de
irand. and I am at a loss to know
-.-hat he expected to grain by such
abuse. We heard a great deal last
eveefne «'f;th» violation of the seventh
< orrsmandmenr. and Judge Ferral de
< Jaiyd that there is no punishment for
p-iultery in the State of California. I
do rot want to *»e him forget his law
iiv hi? real, and I inform him that
there is."
Judse Ferral was on his feet in an
instant and explained the law to Mc
<;.iwan. who still insisted upon his
"\ i*>w as corrrrt.
McO0wa.11 then arraigned counsel
for ti->e people for his statement that
'"slifornians are prone to violate the
seventh commandment, and said: "Cal
'nrnians arc as loyal to their marital
••bligafions aa any people on earth."
NO MOTIVE PRESENT.
He then endeavored to impress upon
the Jury that the burden of proof rests
upon tbe prosecution, and that the de
fense «Iid not need to explain away
fnen a suspicious circumstance. In
discussing circumstantial evidence, he
<i«*elared that no chain could be
Ftronger than the weakest link. He
raid :
¦ ¦ ~ '-.¦¦' K- ¦; ¦ ¦ /
Much spirit h« been shown in this case,
but ire bvj>+ we na.v# arrived at a el&ec wher«
•jsj can f-yrr^t <»xcer>t th<* solemn
rfutjr we h»v» to perform, and that in future
>ou never will have cause to regret having
tak<>n a human lire.
Twi» lives nere w!r*d oTjt. and If it nit by
p < rtm« it ««i terrible; if by accident, a
• slamlty. Judge I-Vrral has *atd that w ad
'>wd the theorj' «hat it may have been
riomaine poisoning:, but there is no evidence
i • f how that.
f^»t any man in thla citv b» accused of
. nm« and th» flrwt question** ou auk ii«, "What
»-»? the motiv*?" If a motive is present
<ou k«!l»rt htm cuilty. but where there is no
motive you way to yourself that it is unrea
sonable to mppose cullt.
What motive could Mm. Botkin hare had in
<-»,mmittlnjr the crime? Judce FVrraJ has raid
tj-.«t »he wanted John P. L>unnin*. She was
a. married woraan and he was a married man.
and th»^ ha<1 r*T*T»t*4. Hnxr iv>ijM yh> rx-
Knight Makes the
: - Effort of His
Life.
McGowan Delivers
Forceful Talk on
Evidence.
Many Women Offer
Sympathy to
Accused. ~
Dunning Scorched
by Lawyers for
Defense.
ATTORNEYS FOR MRS. CORDELIA BOTKIN
ADDRESS THE JURORS IN HER BEHALF
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLV THURSDAY. APRIL .7/ 190*.
3
FREE! r FREE! FREE!
"LIGHTNING BREAD KNIFE''
- -, \ (Patented.)
A useful household article. Ono
of these premiums free to ; each .
Want Advertiser in
•NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CIGARS
<V- f0ff All M£tf
I. Miller & Sons. 153 Crdsst SiJCf. 1
Some grocers sell Schilling's
Best
tes. eaJdnff-povtfar spirts
<b9*s £*mrinr txtraru «vi»
mofieyback; some don't.
They have their reasons
both ways.
/ ADVESTIBZlLLJiTtt.
re^ d PERFECT HEALTH
(Mrs. Redding Had Suffered With Female Weakness and;
' Nervousness. Pc-ru-na Cured Her.)
MRS. LIZZIE REDDING.
SPRINGTIME IS VERY DEPRESSING TO THOSE SUFFERING WITH
PELVIC CATARRH. RID YOURSELFQF CATARRH BEFORE
— WARM WEATHER SETS IN.
!Mrs. Lizzie Redding, 3134B Clifton Place. St. Louis, Mo., write*: \l
"/ found, after trying many different medicines to restore me to A
health, that. Peruna was the only thing which could be depended /!
upon. I began taking it when I was in a decline, induced by female h
weakness and overwrought nerves. I began to feel stronger during )-
thi first week I took Pernna and my health, improved daily until )]
I now I am in perfect health and enjoy life as I never did before." — ))
} . Mrs. Lizzie Redding. \\
WE are in receipt of thousands of for this is that springtime is very d*-'
letters every spring: from women pressing to this class of sufferers, wo-
1 -who have suffered from some form men suffering from female difficulties
of female weakness, but have been cured will often pet through the winter very
by Peruna Many of them have given well, but when spring lassitude is added
the doctors a thorough trial. They have to their other ailment, they break down,
taken medicines, submitted to examina- and are obliged to do something to avert
tions. undergone operations, and done a fatal calamity. ..- -*----j-
everything the doctors wished them to It is safe to say that Peruna has cured
do *In spite of the doctors' advice, they .more cases of this sort, and has rescued
at last concluded to give Peruna a trial, more people from the sufferings of
Their decision to use Peruna very fre- spring prostration than all other rcme-
quently occurs in the spring. The reason dies combined.
If you do not rsceive prompt and satisfactory results from the use of
Peruna, write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a full statement of your case,
and he will be pleased to give you his valuable advice gratis.
Address Dr. HaUman, President of The Hartman Sanitarium, Co-
lumbus, Ohio. 1 ••
OUR AGENT
WILL GALL.
TELEPHONE, telegraph or write us
that you are going East, and at the
earliest possible opportunity our agent
will call on you and give you full informa-
tion about our service.
He will quote rates, reserve sleeping
car berths, tell you what there is to see
en route and why you should take the
Rock Island System.
The Rock Island System runs through
• trains daily from San Francisco and Los
Angeles to Omaha, Kansas City and Chi-
cago. Through tourist sleepers to Mem-
phis, St. Louis, Omaha,
Kansas City, Chicago, St. Paul, Minne-
apolis and hundreds of other towns arid
cities in the Central West.
Telephone, telegraph or write— that is
all that is necessary.
BiIWIIiMMIIIb c - a - RUTHERFORD,
jMfcMNVJNMBg District Passenger Agent,
(jBfSYr} (nil tab] 6 £ 3 Market St., Sin Francisco, CaLDISTINGUISHED PASSENGERS ON THE
LINER KOREA, WHICH ARRIVED TES
. TERDAY FROM ORIENTAL PORTS.
. LONDON. April". 6.— The 'report, that' a duty
on petroleum will be 'one of the new features
or . tbe forthcoming . budget Is discredited here;
¦ ti BR1STON, ' Tenn.;' April ¦; fi.—A / mob ¦ to-day
tried' to get possession of tFinley a
negro.'- who murdered. Lillian Shaw, a neRres?,
In Johnson County; and; who* 1»' now i In *Jall at
Mountain ' City.*. The >. mob ' almost ?' hpfl ' the matt
In ' lt« , po8Fessipn, : when , its : courage : , failed and
IV dispersed. Tht mob was made up- of ncgroei.
; BERKELEY,: April. 6.^The. Board
of Education last' night -; unanimously'
re-elected Dr. Wobdson - Adams , presi
dent-, of 1 that'body. • School Superin
tendent ' S. » D." .Waterman informed
board j that the. , tptal enrollment '< in ' the
schools of 'Berkeley is 3638. ... .
Re-elect Dr. t Alien* President.
"WASHINGTON, April 6.— The Navy
Department to-day received a cable
gram from Commander Mason of the
Cincinnati at Shanghai announcing the
arrival there this morning, of the gun
boat Helena from Newchwang. This
Is the first intimation the department
has had that the Helena had left New
chwang.
Secretary Hay will reauest Embas*
sador McCormick in St. Petersburg' to
use his good offices' with the Russian
Government in behalf of the, two Jap
anese servants of the American corre
spondents, Washburn and Little/ .who'
were arrested ¦'Oir- the steamer Fa wan,
at Newchwang, and thrown into prison.
Ar. the United, States has assumed the
duty of looking ".after, and ."protecting
the- Japanese in Russia. there is ample
the Manchurian Port.
United States Gunboat Helena Leaves
SAILS FROM NEWCHWANG.
¦ ''Such policy would be an .expression
of , mistaken ;• patriotism. _ ¦ The V ; great
Am'ericanTriatlbn cannot seriously think
of befriending Japan at the 'expense of
peace-loving Russiai i The attacks upon
Russia^ published \ InVthe "American' pa-^.
pers cannot and , must ."not", be regarded
as expressing "the" will of the American
people." r • ' >. \ '
ST.N PETERSBURG,: April's.— An ut
terance made by the Czar is circulated,
which is likeiy/ to stop entirely,, the
agitation against • America. ;When - in
formed of the resolve of eight; Russian
merchants , to boycott American " mer
chandise, the. Czar said: ' •-*-¦' ¦
'Aster That Russian Attacks Upon
.American Nation Cease.
CZAR; STOPS THE BOYCOTT.
sons condemned to die.
M. B. Sherman Wants , " the Death
Sentence Commuted to Life
Imprisonment.
CHICAGO, April A(6.— The carbarn
bandits, sentenced: to be hangedion
April 22," have found a friend in M. B.
Sherman of San Diego, .Cal.*, Beyond
giving his name and place ,'of; residence
the would-be benefactor does not revea I
himself. *
¦ Shermah;)has sent out a circular,-let
ter, to a number of newspapers In Illi
nois. He says: • ;¦:
-<.; "It seems ias though something, ought
to be done; to 'change *the"j sentence of
death into life, imprisonment;"? 1
Sherman bases his plea solely *on an
appeal : to parental [feeling; and r asks I all
fathers how, they Vwo'uld -feel ;if their
CHICAGO BOY BANDITS HAVE
FRIEND IN SAN DIEGO
BALTIMORE, April v 6.— John D.
Rockefeller \ has given to the" Johns
Hopkins Hospital the sum of $500,000
and • the amount has been accepted by
the board of trustees of thatlnstitution.*
The income of the' hospital was iSeri
cusly affected by the^ destruction of
many houses; belonging, to .^it -. in •the
recent fire. The : : expected purpose of
Rockefeller's gif t . is to restore that hos
pital to its original proportions.
Proportions.
Oil Stagnate Gives $500,000 to- Re
store the Institution - to Original
ROCKEFELLER'S GIFT
, TO HOPKINS HOSPITAL
MUKDEN. April 6.— In a skirmish
between frontier guards and Chinese
bandits on April 2 at a- point on the
southern section of the railroad throe
guards were wounded and ten bandits
were killed and twenty wounded. A
force has been dispatched in pursuit
of the bandits.
Guards ItaMh* With Bandits
CHICAGO. April. 6. — A quarrel over
a girl, their companion at school, cul
minated in the killing- of one 16-year
old boy by another. The victim was
Paul Jelick and the slayer was Henry
Schaze. Schaze was arrested and has
confessed the killing, but declares he
shot in self-defense.
. The boys became enemies when
Schaze escorted a .girl , pupil, from
school a year ago. The youths fought
first, when Jelick declared the other
had tried to "cut him out," as other
pupils said, and in a fist battle be
hind the school building Schaze was
victor over Jelick.
After that time the boys, it is said,
w.ould '.[ quarrel j every time 'met
until Schaze orgariized his companions
into a bodyguard and' the. feud spread
throughout the school. : Both boys of
ten would be accompanied; by bands
of. supporters and Challenges were fre
quent. The clash finally came when,
after quarreling for several minutes,
Jelick struck the other boy, in the face
and threw him to the ground. Schaze
then drew a revolver and, shot Jelick,
who died almost instantly.
mate -and One- Kills the
Other.
Chicago I«ids Quarrel Over a Play-
TRAGEDY ENDS RIVALRY
FOR SCHOOLGIRLS IX) VE
WASHINGTON. April 6.— The follow
ing bulletin was posted at the Navy
Department to-day: „,
"The restriction upon the battleship
squadron in the Philippines has been
¦withdrawn and the commander in chief
authorized to permit his squadron to
cruise at his discretion, not going north
of Fuchau, on the Asiatic coast."
Keen interest has been aroused In
diplomatic circles by the announce
ment removing, restrictions on the
battleship squadron, and it is not un
likely that several members of the
diplomatic corps, in the course of the
next few days, will ask the State De
partment if there is any significance
in the directions to the Pacific squad
ron to start tlfe last of the month for
Honolulu. It is said that advices in
dicate a state of anrest in China.
Discretionary Power Givon Command
er of Philippine Squadron.
MAY CRUISE WHERE HE WILL.
Governor Pardec Issues Warrant En
abling Ogdcn Officers to Remove
Alleged Robber to Utah.
SACRAMENTO, April 6.— Governor
Pardee to-day honored a requisition
from the Governor of Utah and issued
a warrant for the return to Ogden of
John Qulnn, charged- with robbery.
Quinn was a member of a gang of
robbers operating In Ogden, one of
whom, John Furey, was captured in
San Francisco and returned. Quinn
is at present confined In the City
Prison at San Francisco.
SIGNS REQUISITION .
FOR RETURN OF QUINX
VLADIVOSTOK, April 6.— Many
wounded men from Port Arthur have
been brought here. They are receiving
the greatest attention from the numer
ous volunteer Sisters of Mercy.
Carins for Wounded Russians.
NEW YORK, April 6.— Vice Chan
cellor Bergen signed an order in Jersey.
City to-day to show cause why an in
junction should, not issue to restrain
the Northern Securities Company from
holding a stockholders' meeting April
21, from distributing; any stock of the
Northern Pacific ¦' Railway J Company
and the Great Northern, Company; and
from taking any: action in regard to
the reduction of its; capital 5 stock.' The
bill for the injunction" was asked for
by the Continental Securities Company,
which asks the Court of Chancery to
compel the Northern Securities Com
pany to return to the; original stock
holders of the Northern "Pacific Rail
way Company arid of 'the i Great : Nor r
them Railway Company the -stocks
formerly held by them upon the same
terms under, which the stock of the
two companies- was acquired by the
Northern Securities Company.
ST. PAUL, Minn., April 6.— The laws
of various Western States prohibiting
parallel lines from owning or controll
ing each other and which were so vig
orously attacked by the securities com
pany ' when the merger was being
formed have suddenly* been found very
advantageous to merger interests, in
asmuch as they may be employed to
prevent the Harriman people from get
ting control of the' Northern Pacific.
Laws which once \threatened _ to break
up the combination are to oe employed
in preventing it. This somewhat par
adoxical situation came to light to-day
when. it. was learned that Attorney
General Donovan of Montana, who, had
been hastily summoned to^ St. Paul by
the Great Northern interests, was im
portuned to use the strength of the
Montana laws to prevent the Harriman
Interests, through the Oregon Short
Line, from getting control of the North
ern Pacific.
Hill Will Apply Prohibitory Statute
to Thwart the Plnn of
Harriman.
ACT TO PREVENT WILIj
BE USED TO PROMOTE
.Millions of the Emperor's subjects
will also take the sacrament to-mor
row. Many of the wealthy classes and
members of the nobility have gone to
services of special sanctity at Moscow
and thousands have gone to Father
Johns* Church at Kronstadt. -
In holy Russia Easter is distinctly a
democratic festival. The. salutation
"Christ is Risen" levels all ranks. The
beggar in the streets can kiss the Em
peror, who is head of the church. Or
dinarily his Majesty goes to Moscow
for this, occasion, but on account of
the war he will remain here this year,
taking the sacrament to-morrow and
attending the. services at the Winter
Palace Saturday night.
The Easter holidays, the greatest re
ligious festival ' in the Russian calen
dar, begin to-morrpw. All business
will be suspended and all the Govern
ment departments will be closed. The
next three days will be days of mourn
ing for the devout Muscovites. Every
orthodox churen in the vast empire
will reproduce events in Christ's pass
ing realistically, including the washing
of feet, the crucifixion and the burial.
There will be 4 total abstinence from
food, followed by general feasting after
the midnight services on Saturday,
commemorating the resurrection. Then
there will be four days of merrymak
ing and rejoicing. .
General Kachtalinky also reported
that opposite' Turmitchen, on the Is
land of Matuzeo, in the Yalu RrYer.
some Russian volunteers had a skir
mish, with a Japanese "outpost from
Wiju. There was no casualties on the
Russian side. Six Japanese were
killed."
The Second and Fifth horse batter
ies, of the Artillery of the Guards, the
former armed with quick-firing guns,
will leave for the front next week.
Grand Duke- Alexis, the high ad
miral, to-day reviewed 600 naval re
cruits in the courtyard of the Marine
Guard Barracks. The recruits will
proceed at once to the Far East.
ST. PETERSBURG. April 6.— The
dearth of war news in the last few
days is beginning to cause some nerv
ous feeling here. General Kuropatkin's
dispatch telling of an outpost engage
ment wherein five Japanese were killed
merely adds to the tension. " showing
that two armies are almost in touch! j
"All is quiet on the Yalu" is the re
port which General Kachtalinky tele
graphed on April 5 to General Kuropat
kin, who forwarded the message to the
Emperor. The report added that an ex
change of shots occurred between
Russian cavalry and Japanese skir
mishers near AViju. The Russians sus
tained no losses. The Japanese lost
five men killed. The number of wound
ed Is not known. The stores of a Rus
sian village near Yongampho. south of
Wiju on the Yalu River, Korea, have
been wrecked and burned by a detach
ment of Japanese infantry numbering
300 men.
Epecl&l Cablerram to Tbe Call and New Tork Herald. Copyright, 1904. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company. »• •
TOKIO, April 6.— A conference was
held at the imperial headquarters be
fore the throne to-day, at which Lieu
tenant General Terouchi, Minister of
War; Vice Admiral Yamamoto, Minis
ter of 'the Navy; commanding officers
in the army and navy; Major General
Ishimoto, Vice Minister of War; Rear
Admiral Saito, Vice Minister of the
Navy, and a number of the elder
statesmen were present
It is understood, that the recent
naval campaign was discussed and de
tailed : reports of Vice Admiral Togo's
operations were read by Lieutenant
Saito, - who . was a participant in -the
first attempt to block Port Arthur.
Saito recounted in detail this particu
lar operation, giving his personal ex
periences and views. If any conclu
sions regarding future operations were
reached at this conference they were
not made public. ' . .
Japanese Chieftains Confer. Before the
.Mikado's Throne.
TOGO'S REPORTS DISCUSSED.
authority for such an application: but
it is. said that the taking of these Jap
anese to Newchwang, known to be in
Russia's possession for a long time
piist, was certainly indiscreet, and they
can be. saved from*th"e"^consequences
.only through the clemency. of the Rus
sian Government.
SHANGHAI, April 6.— It is not be
lieved that the Russian troops be
tween Antung and Chantencheng
(about 10 miles north of Antung) com
prise the main Russian force, and con
sequently, the engagement''! which is
looked for at or near these places
probably will not be decisive, but only
a forerunner of larger operations.
.The. Russians are constructing en
trenchments, at several points on the
Yalu and Turaen rivers. These en
trenchments, however, are not yet
completed, and if the Japanese succeed
In forcing their way past one line of
defenses, it would give them a dis
tinct advantage and make It more dif
ficult for the Russians to concentrate
and oppose them. —
Russians on the Valu Not Fully Pre
pared to Resist' 'Attack.
ENTRENCHMENTS UNFINISHED.
• On account of the fact that the river
.has tv?en mined, and because it Is ex
petted that tho forts will indulge In
practice firing, merchant ships are not
using the lower reaches of the river.
General Kondratovioh. who is in
command here, was praised by General
Kuropatkin for the order and cleanli
ness . pravailing at Newchwang., He
says he is now prepared for a Japanese
attack, and it is evident that the au
thorities oxpect an onset. The com
mand of General Kondratovitch em
braces the scout patrols west of the
Lioa Riv^r. the district to the south,
including Kalchau. and the district to
the north, including 'the railroad and
Haicheng. The troops now here are
nf a higher class than those which oc
cupied Newchwang when the war be
Ban. General Kondratovitch is about
to oj»rn a hospital which ha* been re
cently established. V-v
NEWCHWANG. April 6— General Ku
ropatkin arrived here to-day and re
viewed about 4000 troops on the parade
ground of the fort. One battery of
horse artillery, several batteries of
field artillery, parts of four regiments
of Siberian rifles, as well as Cossacks
and regular cavalry, took part* in the
review.
the Town's Garrison.
}{u— ian Commander In Chief Reviews
KIROPATKIN AT XEWCHWAXG,
:-""Japan has every desire to be friend
ly ; 1 with; the , representatives »• of the
world's press and tit' is only, ; " diplomatic
wisdom ' for ; her to be ; so/ ¦ From a
strategical^ point of view,; however, sec
recy in her/ military ' movements " is^ a
necessity. ': N Strategy ; is at present more
vital i to? Japan \ than - t djplomacy and ;a
lotfof [very i good" fellows .are' bfeaking
their, hearts over the \ prosy
to which! military.' necessity " has
demned Uhem. v There ] are , many 'Amer
lean newspaper^ men In Tokio and every
day each f of : them i calls ail the \ legation
to^:see ¦'} if i somebody,*. won't please ' : 'A do
something >th'at ; will : - hasten the^march
"Christian applause has spurred Jap
an to great efforts and in a few centu
ries the Anglo-Saxo'n people will have
cause to regret it. Japan was consid
ered . a toy nation until she whipped
China and from her; present conflict
she expects to emerge a great, mod
ern power. She will be an Important
factor in thetrade of the Pacific un
less America is -bestirred, and in the
opinion of as ; far sighted a man as
James J. Hill the awakening has al
ready been 'postponed too long. In
Hill's opinion the missionary work
for American trade in> the j Orient
should have^commenced with.the set
tlement of the : Boxer. troubles, .when
America's stand on the indemnity
question won the ; friendshiD of
China. Japan saw the opportunity
and how she improved it opened my
eyes in admiring wonder. ,
"While I do.not.believe that Amer
ica wants to stand In Japan's way,
yet, looking into the future, she is
giving Japan opportunities to be the
great Pacific power, ¦which in my mind
will mean the. foremost power of the
world. Japan is ; selling more goods
in the: Orient now: than' America or
Europe. - Japan wants - only raw ma
terialfrom us. Germany is selling a
lot ' of small stuffs in the Orient, arid
while -England's ¦ trade is declining
that: of America is not increasing: as
it should: It is true "that Japan '' has
announced- her/ policy ¦ of having free
ports, ' but ? Japan has * a "way of ham
pering trade that, with' its; annoyances,
makes its avowed policy -of little use
in a -business way. WhlleV they are
polite t they I have a pleasant way of
placing obstacles in the , way,\ which
amounts : almost to a boycott of Amer
ican goods."
Huntington Wilson,; secretary of_ the
Unlted F States legation? at ' Tokio; ;, who
arrived yesterday j bm the 'Korea, f says
that the chief occupation' of- the Amer- :
ican ;¦ family.,' at . the \ Japanese
capital J is '.calming' the 'war correspon
dents Tusting there in : irksome inac
tivity. ':-. -Vv"' : -}U .•£;« : "¦¦ f : :' >: -TH ¦-;¦¦
"Japanese modesty," r says Bolce.
"has been made much of and on the
surface is a very graceful character
istic. It is only on the surface, how
ever, that this : meekness has any" ex
istence. There are some men in Japan
who really think. I jnet some of them,
talked with them, argued with them
and .came away convinced not only,
that they were profound thinkers, but
that they were thinking to a purpose.
. "Japan wants to be the patron of
civilization, , the educator and - leader
of the yellow races/ She wants to be
the teacher of Asia and intends to se
cure a federation of Far Eastern races
and at the same time annex the bulk
of the commerce. She will have the
right of way, too, unless America and
Europe wake up and secure their own
share. 'j'tw-c *¦¦.'•'» V.^-"
Harold Bolce, a well known- newspa
per man" formerly located in this city,
returned yesterday on t the liner Kor
rea.from the Far East, where he has
been studying Japan from a commer
cial standpoint for the Booklover's
Magazine, and gathering statistics for
the United States Department of
Commerce and Labor, to which he is
attached. As a Government official
Bolce was afforded exceptional facil
ities for informing himself as to the
matters on which he sought light.
He has come to the conclusion that
the Japanese is ambitious beyond Oc
cidental imagining. Referred to by
Western writers as the "little brown
man"," the Mikado's subject" who
thinks sees in himself thecoming dic
tator of the Orient.
Japanese and Russian Armies Are Almost
in Touch on the Yalu.
, The commissioners have not as yet
fixed a, definite date for 'their departure
for St. Louis, but they believe that
they will be able to leave in a few
days.
Wong Yap,. who is at the head of the
commission representing China- at ths
coming exposition, will take charge of
the exhibits from "two of the provinces
of China. ; He will be assisted by
Quong Fong . and Quong See. These
three •men will manage the China ex
hibit-In the "capacity of Government
officials, while, several Chinese mer
chants, namely, Wong- Chew Chock,
Lurh Tat. LinY Hong, Chen Jan and
Chen Dew Din, will place on exhibi
tion the Industries of; the southern
provinces of ; China. : at the request of
the natives of that part of the coun
try. r «BSHKflM&lHHnBl
Baron M. Matsudaira; who is regis
tered at the Occidental Hotel, is prob
ably the most influential of the Japan
ese that arrived on yesterday's steam
er. The party from here -to St. Louis
will be comprised of the following
men: M. Matsudaira, H. Yamawaki,
Kawaji, Tmura, Ohta, Matsui, Kinkb
zan. Kashlmamura, Kinoshita, Hay
ashi,' Fukasawa, Tanaka. Tba, Hashi
moto and K. Tanaka. They will spend
a few days, or possibly a week. In thia
city, when they will go forward to the
exposition.
Among. the passengers on the Korea
yesterday were many Japanese ' and
Chinese merchants, statesmen and
noblemen, all bound for the St. Louis
Exposition,' where they will for the
most part take active interests In the
exhibits from their countries. • .
Many Chinese and Japanese Are 1 En
Route to the Exposition.
PROMINENT ORIENTALS ARRIVE.
. Sir George and Lady Errington also
crossed the Pacific on the Pacific Mail
Company's big, floating hotel. Sir
George hails from Ramsport, Ireland;
is a member of the Briilsh Parliament
and was once high sheriff of Tipper
ary. He has been studying conditions
in Japan," but declines to discuss them.
Secretary Wilson has been at Tokio
for seven years. His official position
prevents his expressing any opinion re
garding Japan's prospects in the battle
with the bear. He is on his way to
Baltimore to claim the hand of one of
the belles of that city. After the wed
ding his wife will accompany him to
Tokio.
Alexander Labin. a confidential mes
senger of King "Edward VII, was a
passenger on the Korea. On a mission,
the nature of which he declines to
discuss, he has visited Vladivostok.
Chemulpo. ' Tokio and other cities of
the Far East. - He has been in the
Government service for many years
and in the capacity of "King's mes
senger" has visited nearly every part
of the civilized world.
of the war correspondents to the front.
Each day every man had a new argu
ment to advance, and during the last
few weeks I was at the legation I spent
my days calming- war correspondents
and my, evenings at the official duties
sidetracked by the troubles of - a
hobbled press."
No protest has been received here
from Japan against the; sale of the
Fuerst Bismarck to a firm acting in
Russia's interests.
' BERLIN, - April re
ceived in Berlin from. Russia report
that it is stated that the- Czar is about
to proceed to the seat of war. For
the time being, however, hia Majesty
will only go as far as Irkutsk, where
he will await the final disappearance
of snow and Ice before entering Man
churia.
The fact that a statement in the Rus
sian press that part of the Czar's pri
vate police have already been ordered
to Irkutsk has been allowed to pass
without contradiction is regarded here
&s confirmation of the report.
The semi-official Post, in reproduc
ing this dispatch, points out that there
would be nothing, extraordinary . in
Nicholas II going to • the seat of , war.
On the contrary, it would be in ac
cordance with the Russian custom; the
Czar generally taking the field with
his army. ¦
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyright. 1004. by. the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Says Japan's Politeness Hides a Deep Design
and America Is the Sufferer.
Czar Nicholas Is Soon
to Start for the
Front.
A press correspondent has had an
interview with a high personage close
ly connected with the Emperor of
Korea, who left his native land be
cause of the administrative reforms In
troduced through the influence of the
Japanese. Apparently reflecting the
views of the Emperor, this personage
said:
"I saw the Japanese action. It Is
an attempt to apply to Korea the pol
icy which the British have adopted in
India. My country has reason to sym
pathize with the Russians, knowing
the justice of their policy toward the
natives of Amur, where many Koreans
labor."
Vice Admiral Makaroff's leadership
has inspired the men of the fleet with
the highest confidence and love.
People arriving from Liaoyang re
port that the troops are Impatient to
attack the Japanese. The soldiers say
they did not come East to lie on their
backs, and that it is time to march.
PORT ARTHUR. April 7. — The
Russian battleship Peresviet reports
that she sighted the enemy to-day in
Kwangtung waters.
LONDON, April 7. — The Times cor
respondent, who is cruising in the vi
cinity of. Port Arthur, cabling con
cerning the hold-up of his vessel by a
Russian warship, says it was the ar
mored cruiser Bayan, flying the flag
of Vice Admiral Makaroff, which
chased and later searched his steamer.
He says the Bayan shows the scars
of the damage recently inflicted upon
her by the Japanese, but that she Is
a fine ship and well handled.
"In overhauling us," he say, "her of
ficers and crew appeared a little finely
drawn, but they nevertheless -were of
good material."
The correspondent of the Times- at
Chef u says the Russians captured two
spies at Newchwang, who were in pos
session of the plans of the new forti
fications.
"We expect to be sent into Port
Arthur again within a few days and
to give a better account of ourselves
than ever and to surprise the Russians.
"I think the place should soon fall.
Several of the forts have been put out
of action and more will follow."
"The Japanese fleet has sustained lit
tle damage so far. Only the Iwate ani
the Yoshino were damaged and these
have now been repaired and have re
joined the fleet.
"Two of our torpedo-boats have been
much damaged, but that is the sum
total of our losses.
"The new cruisers, Nisshin and Kas
uga, are supposed to be with the fifth
i=ouadron.
"The Japanese ships are divided Into
seven squadrons. The first to the
fourth sauadrons are watching Port
Arthur, the fifth squadron patrols the
Korean coast, while the sixth and
seventh cruise between Vladivostok
and the north of Japan.
'The second fleet, which wae sent up
to Vladivostok has returned to Port
Arthur.
Special Cable to Th*» Call and New Tork Her
ald. Coryrirht. 1SXM. by the New Tork
Herald Publishing Company.
SEOUL. April €.— I have had an In
teresting interview with a Japanese
bailor who served with the fleet in the
attacks on Port Arthur, i.-. 6ald:
'•Our fleet left the usual rendezvous
at ; — islands on the night of March
27 for Port Arthur. We sank four
loaded hulks — old merchant 6hlpa — at
the entrance, but through a mishap one
missed its assigned place and a small
passage is still left open to the Rus
sian craft. We hope to close even that
%rtry soon.
Its Defenses Weak
ened by Bom
bardments.
Japanese Fleet Is
Sighted Near :
Kwangtung. .
Japanese Expect to
Capture Slav
Stronghold.
Flagship of Maka
roff Captures
Press Boat.
TOGO ABOUT TO RENEW ATTACK ON PORT ARTHUR
THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALU;^ THURSDAY; APRIL 7, 1904.
4
SCOTT'S E2TTJLSI0N.
WINES, CORDIALS
AND EXTRACTS
ol* cod liver oil act
about the same on a
weakened system as a
cocktail does on aVi empty
stomach. If any good is
accomplished in either
case the medical world
has yet .to find it out.
The 'reason Scott's
Emulsion affords effec-
tive and permanent relief
and cure in all wasting
diseases is because it re-
stores health through
nourishment, not through
alcoholic stimulation.
X DB. PIERCE'S BEMEDIE3. •
TOE SUGIER'S CHEST
Is well expanded. He uses his lungs to
their fullest capacity. People irr ordin-
ary do not use much over half their lung
power. The unused lung surface be-
comes inert, and offers a prepared ground
for, the attack of the germs of consump-
tion. There is no need to warn people
C!5jfllPWCiLliLLi!ijfl] °^ *^ £ danger of
ggjf * Bg^»OTg consumption, but
Wi warning is con-
{5dflB$gj*^^PBE*3ftre{ stant l>' needed net
Wj^, JBKF^^ to neglect tbe first
Be-^StjKJSl ja symptoms of dis-
MbL^!JBB«^ eased lungs.
WB *¦ :S^3I i|3 en Medical Discov-
§3 f^^®> iiH er^ ciires obstinate
Smk ~~*c&rL—^7Jn coughs, bronchitis,
jK^^^^j5gg€|ga . bleeding lungs,
« aQ< ? ot^ er condi-
j^jNl Ta£ ons w^ich, if
B- /SI neglected or un-
Wjt > raH 3 skilfully treated,
Br iS&m ac ? a f a * a^ temii-
wB lS$£R nation in consump-
h &\ ¦ tion. It is entire-
a /^ I ates and narcotics.
WBB'B /IbSSMI "About three vrars
W§ B i B 3 a^° I w * 9 taken 'with
IBB' B i KcJdS9 a bad c 00^- vorniti=~
BMM m £ Hand spitun? bleed.*
¦ '¦ ;'MlB B writes ilr. t>. J. Rcb-
H £ JBkPp&ja] Inscra, of 'Spriaj Car-
¦ m BBBuaS&m many remedies; octh-
¦ ¦ - ~~r-.^^^^^~ . ing •eemed to help me
till I commenced * using Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery. After using tea bottles and
four Tialaof his ' Pleasant Pellets.* I commenced
to improTc My case seemed 1 to be? almost a
¦hopeless : one. Doctors pronounced it ulcer of
the lungs. > I was sick nearly two yetrs— part of
the time bedfast. Was given np to die oy all.
I thought it would be impossible for n»e to lire
over night at one time.' X haven't spit any blood
now tor more than twelve months, and worked
oa the ' farm • all last summer. It . was *Vt.
Pierce's medicos that enred me."
" Accept "no substitute for « Golden Med-
ical Discovery.? There is nothing "just
as good r. for diseases of - the stomach.
-/{The "Medical Adviser," in paper -ov-
ers, is sent* free on receipt of 21 one-cent
; : tamps to pay for mailing only. Address
V. Pierce," Buf&lo.N. ¥.SAN' JOSE.' April 6. — The body. of Donald F.
Palmer.? a' young ; Chicago merchant, . who , died
in, this city two days ago, was shipped to-day to
St.% Louis, -his 1 birthplace. i.^/.: . ;- . .' ;
. Dr.'A: W." Perry, lectured-to an au
dience -composed of .physicians * and
students" fatUhe ; Ernanu-El Sisterhood
last, night on the* hygiene: of •digestion.
tectiutis on 'Digestion.
j=i Beautiful 'Illustrated {booklet outlining v ad
vantages ;¦ and '.• attractions J of ™? Sunny, ..-; Marin
County for summer or all the year round sub
urban homes — SO - minutes ' to one ,' hour . from
San i Francisco. -.. ' List „¦ of/ hotels,*.; etc.?'" - Dis
tributed free at'^ Information ; Bureau, No. - 62C
Market street. -'San ./Francisco. - orimalled to
any address on receipt of ; 2c 'postage. -; •
Sunny Suburban Homes.
Gspcers buy Hills Bros.' Arabian Roast
ircsh almost every day. SfiiS™8i
PANAMA. April 6.— The members of the
United States Canal Commission received an
enthusiastic' .welcome on their arrival here
from Colon to-day. ,V'
" A helping factor in the blossom fes- j
tival Is the Young Women's Club, an I
auxiliary of the Woman's Club. It is 1
composed of young society buds, and
they have worked- energetically to
make the fete a /success. Prominent
among them are Miss Rita Dinsmore,
Miss Edna Latta, Miss Jeanette Noble
and Miss Florence Latta. 1
The scene of festivities will be shift
ed to Agricultural Park in. the after
noon. As the parade enters . the
grounds those in line will be showered
with flowers as they pass under the
tribunes at the entrance to the park.
A battalion of the Third Artillery from
San Francisco will give an exhibition
drill. Then will come the battle of
flowers, In which teams from Santa
Clara and San Jose will meet. A ring
spearing contest by mounted knights
will follow and the Columbian Park
Boys' Club of San Francisco will give
a drill. There will be a grand show
parade by the blooded race horses now
in training at the track, followed by a
number of races. Mayer Bros.' club
and the Santa Clara College basebail
team will give an exhibition of base
ball. SSsSaSSQ
HATTLE OF HOSES.
Line of march: Parade forms on East Santa
Clara street, thence to'Kecond street, thence to
Kan Antonio, to first, to Santa Clara, to Third,
to St. Jatnw, to First, to Bassett. counter
march to Hanta Clara, to Agricultural Park.
Seventh division — Wilbur Edwards, marshal;
Glen Lumbard. aid; fifty decorated automo
biles.
Decorated carriages— Pioneer Society with
decorated carrlaRes; Miss Mabel Lynne. Miss
Jesse McGraw, Miss Louise McGraw and Miss
Hazel Singleton; Mrs. M. Portal and Miss
Blanche Portal: Mrs. J. Krausman; Mi's.
Charles FlicklnKcr; J. E. Fisher; Mrs. L. A.
Fpitwr; Mrs. E. Coppock: Mrs. Will Ryder;
Mrs. J. M. Gates: Mrs. Frank Burke; "Mrn.
Marvin T. Hubbard; Sid Grauman; Mr. and
Mrs. Frank Moon; Mrs. William Leet and Mr*.
Hunt; Mi.-s Jane Williams and Mrs. Albert
Thomdyke; Mrs. J. E. Auzerais: MUs Blanche
Cauhape and Miss Eleanor Dougherty; Mrs. F.
S. Granger and Mrs. J. H. Campbell; the
Misses Grander; Mrs. Will Selby: T. B. Kell;
Mr. and Mrs. Leaman: Miss Eleanor «'ator
and Mira Maude Campbell: Mrs. J. Nathan;
Mrs. C. H. Pennoyer and Mrs. E. Knicker
bocker: Woman's Club tallyho; Young: Wom
an's Club tallyho: baseball teams in carriages.
Sixth division— Lydia M. Bell, aid; E. Salas.
aid; Mystic Lodge No. 10. I. O. G. T.. on
wheels ; Vendome Parlor. >T. D.' G. W., on
wheels; wheelmen; horrible* on wheels.
Fifth division — Santa Clara College band
H. D. Melvin. marshal; Sewell Hatcher, aid
E. S. Smith, aid.. ,Vr- ' '. .
Children's classic floats — "Alice in Wonder
land," "Boy Blue and Bo Peep," "Black
Beauty," "Brownies." '•Cinderella." ''Land of
Nod." "Peter Pumpkin Eatrr," "Red Riding
Hood." "Robinson Crusoe." "Sing a Song
liixrwnc," ••Old Kin* Cole." "Sunbonnet
Babies," "Little Ml« Mufflt." "Water
Babies." "Wise Men," "Katzenjamm»;rs."
under direction of Mesdames Holbrook. Black.
Van Sykle. Randall, Lauchlln, Frank, Van
Kykle. Weinberjr, Freeman, Holt. Stark. Coe.
Nelson, Anjsevlne, Hushes and Petree.
WILL DELIGHT CHILDREN.
Fourth division — A. P. Murgotten, marshal;
Johnnie Rclff. aid; Louis Downing, aid:
Columbian Park Band: Columbian Park Drum
Corps; Columbian Park Drill Corp*.
Third division — Santa Clara band; Henry
Liun. marshal: John G. Liebert, aid; L*o
Archer, aid; "Battle of Flowers" (mounted).
Knights V:dwin A. Wilcox. E. 8. Smith, Leo
Archer, Charles Colombet. Henry Lion. Norman
Konser. Ki Clayton. Dr. P. H. Browning, Bert
Hocklii'c. Frank Martin for San Jose: Knights
John G. Lelbert. M. Sharer. William Shad
burn. * Louis Olivarls, Alfred Rispand. Jack
Keating. James Maher. William Beasly. Fred
Huher. Ira G. IJosan for Santa Clara College.
Floats, oiubs and organizations — Valhalla
Circle No. 671, Women of Woodcraft; Ladies
of the Maccabees; Ladies of the G. A. K.
Circle; John A. Dix Relief Corps; G. A. R.
battle MtcnnaS Pioneers. "Pioneer Blossoms";
£an Jof=e I'arlor. N. L». G. W. ; Sons and
Daughters of Pioneers; Grange: San Jose
Schfiol Department; St. Joseph's College;
Oratorio Society, "Music" ; White's Business
College; San Jose Business College; Evergreen
Improvement Club; First Ward Improvement
• Hub; Second Ward Improvement Club; Third
Ward Improvftnfcnt Club; Sempervirens' Club;
State Normal School; Farmers' Club.
Second division — San Jose band; Walt*r
Chrisrr.an, marshal; Ed Younger, aid; E. T.
Georges, i.id; "Knights of the Orchard." ir>0
strong: county officials in carriatt-s; city offi
cials in canapes; disitintrulrhed visitors in car
riages.
Wade, Gerichs. Madeen, Bray Tierc*. Green
fneer. Ltumon, Hartman. Kirkmha; Mesdames
Freeman and Farnsworth: Fifth Regiment
hand; Company B. Fifth Regiment. N. G. C,
Captain G. I.. Holtum commanding; light bat
tery. Third United State* Artillery.
WELL-KNOWN RESORT
IS DESTROYED BY FIRE
Hotel, Cottages and Bathhonses at
Orr Hot Springs In Mendoctoo
County Are Total Ix>ss.
UKIAH, April 6.— Orr Hot Springs.
a summer resort, eleven miles west of
this city on the Mendoclno road, was
destroyed by fire last night. The
cause of the fire is unknown. _The fire
started in the hotel and soon en
veloped the cottages and bathhouses.
The loss will reach $20,000. Within
the past ten years the hotel has been
burned twice.
Owing to other, engagements of coun
sel, the hearing ,was '-, adjourned until
Tuesdfiy r morning next. It is expected
that Miss ; Marion; Doyle,, who. succeed-"
ed -Mrs; Curtis: as Hyde's chief stenog
rapher, c will bring the story told ? yes
terday.down to a much later, date. Miss
Doy le^, was b ne of the Government wi t
n'esses before the ;. Grand Jury i that re
turned; the indictment. .
>' Well; ! you see, -Schneider came around to my
office and -talked 'about hl« plans: for an hour
and ' I , thought ¦ he was such /a respectable fel
low'he-wouldn't do anything wrong.
¦Besides. 'he paid .the ..notarial fees promptly,
did -he not?-- > .
.'-Yes, sir. •
.; -The last witness of the. day was d.
Alexander, the notary mentioned by
McCusker. He confirmed McCusker's
testimony and added further evidence
against: Schneider^ as follows :
; Schneider brought me many transfers for me
to fill in < my Jurat. In every case the name
of the, grantee was left blank. . I affixed my
Jurat at' his. request. None of the parties ap*
peared • before me ¦ to ¦ acknowledge the asslgn
.ments. . Schneiders promised ' to v Eend ¦ them
around, but they never came. *•.--.
Did you think It right; to do this?
• Last : year a ' young man named . Levinson
came to meMn Portland, saying he was from
Schneider/ and asking me to sign some papers.
These papers contained a declaration that the
lands' were> taken up of my own free will and
that-I had acted In everything; without' any
outside"; pressure. I refused ¦ to sign because
by this time I had heard so much talk of land
frauds -that I was determined' to have nothing
more 'to do- with Schneider/' I told Levinson
thaMf-the'.Government wanted to know what
I • Knew 51: would tell . everything.
questioning:, and Mrsl Curtis added this
bit of information:
We kept office copies of Hyde's letters to
Forest Superintendent Allen regarding contem
plated, forest reserves. ..In these- letters Hyde
would tell Allen what lands he ' wanted In
cluded in-the reserves. Hyde also had maps
prepared for reserves In Southern and Northern
California and Oregon. In making up these
maps Hyde took care' to have the school sec
tions. 16 and 3C. Included whenever these sec
tions were not already sold to other applicants.
Through his Influence with Surveyor General
WrlRht he- secured precedence for his applica
tions for State school lands.
The next witness took up the story
where Mrs. Curtis left off and told of
Hyde's operations in Oregon, where
J. H. Schneider had acted as Hyde's
agent in 1898. This witness was
Thomas McCusker, who testified brief
ly the other day. McEnerney had only
one question for him yesterday, but
that one at once opened the door to a
wide cross-examination by Heney.
WHAT McCUSKER KNEW.
"Have you ever seen any affidavits,
applications, deeds orother documents
emanating from Hyde or relating to
his transactions In Oregon lands ; that
were false, fraudulent or forged?" was
asked by Hyde's attorney. McCusker
said he , had seen none that he recog
nized,as forged or fraudulent. Then
Heney got out. the following testimony:
-J; H. : Schneider came to Portland with an
Introduction from Mr. Sherman of the San
Francisco house of Sherman &.Clay. He ex
plained his ¦ plan for acquiring • Oregon school
lands. I- did not then see anything wrong
about . it. and as he offered me $10 for each
application I might bring In .1 agreed to help
him. ,1 had many acquaintances and soon had
the applications coming In rapidly. Every ap
plicant got $5 for signing. Schneider fur
nished all the blanks with descriptions of th*
lands to be located, written by himself. I had
some of - my ¦ friends . assisting me In getting
signers. (The witness read a long list of sign
ers obtained by him and his canvassers.) ¦
All'ithe applicants secured went before No
tary D.- Alexander and awore to their appli
cations; 1 1 1 . took I up some land myself and
transferred it to Schneider.
from dictation and which Hyde and Benson
signed in duplicate, each keeping a copy.
How did they get title to the Oregon land??
By the same methods used here — that Is, by
getting persons to sisn applications for the
lands, and when the deeds were made out.in
their name then to assign the deeds to Hyde
or. his agent, Schneider. . I. know this by. the
correspondence which canie to the office and
which I had to file away in the proper boxes
relating to-the different cases. .. . . ¦ . -,o .
j You . have no knowledge y as . to forgery, in
connection with any of these lieu lands, have
you?
I had some knowledge, but did not see any
forgery committed.
Did you know the defendant Dimond while
In Hyde's office? .
I never paw him there or knew of hl« con
nection with Hyde's business until after I left
the office.
Then the witness was turned over
to Heney for cross-examination. He
questioned her* just enough to bring
out the Government's grounds that the
transactions she had described were
tainted with fraud. Mrs. Curtis testi
rled'In part as follows:
I signed two applications at Mr. Hyde's re
quest. Th* first wan In August, 1S98, for 200
acres in Pine Mountain and Zaca Lake Forest
Reserve, Santa Barbara t>junty. I never saw
thl* land. I did not swear to my application.
Hyde paid me $10 to sign, and after the certifi
cate of purchase was Issued In October. 1S98,
I assigned it to him a: his request.
My second application was for 4-10 acres in
the Sierra Forest Reserve. Frtsno County. This,
too. was not sworn to by me. I assigned the
certificate to Hvde in this case also, and re
ceived ?1O. Neither of these assignments was
acknowledged before a Notary.
. Did you not know you were losing: your
school I?.n3. right?'.
Yes; but I was 'working for Hyde and he
asked me, n I Just signed.
. AN AFFIDAVIT -FACTORY.
What was the practice In- Hyde's office with
regard to having the Notary's Jurat put on
affidavits? . • ' '
Most of them w-erc sent out in the hands of
an office boy to a Notary. and came back with
his Jurat on them. This -was a common prac
tice. I saw both Hyde and Schneider send out
bundles of affidavits to be completed tii this
way. Sometimes I was sent to take them to
the' Notary. The applicants were not pres
ent when the. Notary* put his jurat on their affi
davits. The Notary commonly employed- for
this work was Henry P. Trlcou. These affida
vits-were In applications for California -school
lands. Most of. the applications which Stein
secured for Hyde wefe brought to'the'office-'al
ready > signed,- but not'sworn to. -Some of the
negroe3. whom Scott, » the Janitor, got : to sign
swot* to, their applications before a Notary..
' Did you .know if was perjury to swear out
an application without having seen the land?' .
I did not know, it, then. I wrote. at Hyde's
dictation many letters to officials of the • de
partment, and also many others., in which the
names of the person addressed were not given.-
These latter letters began simply with- the
words, "Dear < Sir." : Hence they were known
in the office as the "dear sir letters.'.'- .: They
always related- to cases pending in the'Land
Office, but as a rule we did not know to whom
they were mailed by Hyde. Once, however;
I caw hire Rddress such a letter to J. ? J.
Barnes, whom. ¦ from the contents of the letter,
I assumed to be a Government official. ¦ / ¦ .
MONEY TO PUBLIC OFFICERS.
1 Among the State and? Federal officers who
frequented Hyde's office and consulted .with
him behind the -closed doors of his private of-'
flee were B • F.- Allen." then Forest Superin
tendent and Special Agent Prior, both of the
General Land Office; M. J. Wright, then Sur
veyor General of California, - and his son* and
deputy/Frank Wright. V
'Did you ever,' "by direction of Hyde, Inclose
money to Government land officials? • -,-' :?*£]
¦ Yes; often. ,Some- few,, sent .it back. The j
money was sent to the registers and receivers
of the different land offices" throughout - the
State. - The first ¦¦ time I Inclosed the money— it
was generally $2 — I thought Hyde would, want
It mentioned In the letter I was writing for
him to the of flclaJ. : and so 1. inserted this sen
tence- "You will find $2 Inclosed." But- Hydo
made me • rewrite * the letter, leaving this I out.
He said the money was their perquisite. .
I We got dally, advices from the Surveyor. Gen
eral's-office at Sacramento regarding applica
tions filed thero for State school landB. V-
Accompanying the > selections : of -lieu lands
a. non-mineral affidavit had to be filed. These
affidavits -were sljniediln -blank Mn- the. office
and when needed '.they -w,ould be, filled out; and
ecnt ¦¦ over to , the ; notary f civ his . Jurat. I saw
J • c. -Bunner : and A. Banfcn,- surveyors, sign
many" of these affidavits.' /.
Have; you any ill' feeling .toward. Hyde?.
. None whatever. I v have always felt very
kindly toward him. • " .
1 McEnerney then took the witness in
hand, and ; the following questions we're"
asked and answered :^
'"- What was the subject of the letters con
taining money? -
, Land selections. ; , .?. .- , i. -,¦:¦¦„
Did "you ever write to receivers 0? the. local
land offices for plats at' SI* each?.. ..7 • •.-*-. *
No; Mies Farwell may have done so." I never
»; What was ' the i subject : of ¦ that • letter > from
which ' Hyde - ordered , you to .. strike out ; the
reference to the '.money^inclosure? . -.-; ¦-.-.= .
, I cannot recall; It exactly. . but the letterdid
"not ">refer to' any, money. transaction." 'All. these
letters were , official, ; and ¦ intended . to - be • filed
In the land of flees.^^ T &^*%&$BBwSB&!BKiSl
How often was the ?2 Bent? : • . •
¦ Generally > whenever, letters i were H ritten % to
the registers' and '.receivers.;
;¦'¦ HYDE PLANNED .
Heney took just s one : more turnVat
NEW YORK. April 6. — The emergency com
mitto* of the Building Trades" Employers' As
sociation to-day Tatlfled the resolution adopted
by the general arbitration committee, provid
ing that the 15.000 bricklayers on strike should
return to work pending arbitration of all ex
!«-ti«« difficulties.
F. A. HYDE'S FORMER STENOGRAPHER. THE STAR WITNESS TESTERDAT
IN LAND FRAUD CASE. WITH TWO WELL KNOWN LOCAL ATTORNEYS
MAKING BRILLIANT FIGHT FOR AND AGAINST THE GOVERNMENT.
TACOMA. "Wash., April 6.— "I do not
know of any such concern as the. Pa
cific Steel" Company and there is ab
solutely no truth in the statement. that
I have sold to it any property of any
kind," . said- John . H. Scott V to-night
when shown the San Diego dispatch
which pays he had sold his coal lands
to the Pacific Steel/ Company for $650,
000/ . ' , • . '
SAN DIEGO, April 6.— Negotiations
were closed to-day by the Pacific
Steel Company for. the purchase of ex
tensive coal lands near Tacoma,
Wash.; owned by John H. Scott. \ The
sum to be paid is $650,000. The prop
erty consists of coal land, railway ex
tension and a coking plant. Another
deal was closed for .the purchase of
320 acres owned by the Tacoma Coal
and Coke .Company, of 1728 acres
leased from the Northern Paciflc"Rall
road Company, and- 1435 acres, the
controlling stock in which is owned
by the Tacoma Coal and Coke Com
pany.
of Coali Lands and Railway Ex
tensions in Washington.
Closes Negotiations for the Purchase
PACIFIC STEEIj COMPANY
COMPLETES BIG DEAL
PARIS. April 6.— Foreign Minister
j Delcasse, at the request of the United
j States embassv. has written to Minis
j ter of Justice Valle, requesting an early
decision on the request of the United
States to make bribery ground for ex
j tradition. The Foreign Office officials
j have no objection to the American re
quest, but as a formality referred it to
the Minister of Justice, In whose de
partment it has been slumbering for
some months. It is believed that the
j delay 1* due to the State Department's
; desire to make the agreement retro
i active, so as to cover bribery hereto
i fore committed. The retroactive fea
| tures probably will not be granted, but
¦ if they are It Is expected that they
! will have a sensational sequel of cer
! tain persons now sojourning in Europe
• who are suspected of having been con-
J nected with municipal bribery in .a
; large American city.
America Asks That a Retroactive
Agreement Be Made With
WANT EXTRADITION
ON BRIBERY CHARGE
TUCSON, Ariz.. ApYil 6.^-An' attempt
at the boldest' h'dldup 'in Tucson ' since
the robery of the Cabinet Club, about
two months'? ago,' was frustrated last
night when a"" masked^ "robber, who
gives the jiame.'of ; Jim" Smith, entered
Hunt's gambling hall, and started In
to clean "qiiUthV place. : ;It;was mid
night and there . were'few at. the tables.
Smith covered tlie '.proprietor with a
revolver and- he submitted 'so '_ easily
that thet robber took', it \ for. granted
that there, was -not r a : revolver in the
house. But Hunt /suddenly pulled a
revolver from a . drawer, and opened
fire, the : bullet entering. Smith's right
lung.. Being near the door Smith es
caped before another * shot .could be
fired. He did not: stop, to carry off the
gold .he, had swept from ; the table into
a canvas \ sack. Officers -. attracted to
the scene by the shots found Smith
where he had fallen the door.
He will die. Hunt's place is in the
center of the town and Smith dis
played great, nerve in making such a
foolhardy attempt at" a holdup. The
officers suspect, that he is -the man who
held up" the Cabinet r ciul>' and secured
$500. . • ¦ , .; -¦¦' ;_;M,
Special . Dispatch to The Call
Para<Jr lormation — Grand marshal. Mrs. F.
H. Patterson; chief or i-taff. Colonel A. K.
"tVUittnn. rtsief aid. C H. Oelderl; aid. Dr.
Ar.thony Mils; aid. Mis* Dora Farnsworth
"Acv»n™ of Spnnj:." Mtesea Wad<\ Bland,
Mrs. F. H. Patterson is grand mar
shal of the parade, which will consist
of seven divisions, as follows:
The Saint Claire Club has turned its
handsome clubhouse over to the Wo
man's Club for to-morrow in which
to entertain its prominent guests.
PARADE FORMATION.
A battle of roses will follow the pro
cession at Agricultural Park. The fol
lowing warriors will be mounted on
sayly decorated steeds: Edwin A.
\Vi1cox, E. S. Smith. Leo Archer. Henri-
Lion. Charles Colombet. Xorman Koos
«m\ Ed Clayton. P. H. Browning. Bert
Hocking and Frank Martin.
<Jeorpe Anderson, machine decorated by
tfc<v " -«r>. Klorrnc* and Edr.a Uatta. Helen
Eilis cf bo? Gatos and Caroline Haas: W. E.
Allen. Dr John • Benepi* Dr. F. H.. Bangs.
H. R. Bradford. George Bent. William Binder.
Dr. H. <"«!». t>r. K. H. Durgin of Cupertino.
tVllbur Edward*. Mrs. H. A. Gabriel. David
GoodsHl. Frank Holmes of Berry «¦.«.- a.' E. A.
Hunter. G. R. Harris. W. A. Johnson. E.
Knickerbocker, Clatrncr I^-trhrr 'machine dec-
OGftted by the Mifse* Rita D1n.*nior«>. Bessie
Henry. Ne\a Cahtll snd Gertrude Macintosh),
nr. F. K. lyfdyard. Harry Lrf»<]yard. Mr. Rovt,
A. H. Marten. Joseph Mitchell of Santa Clara
E. F. Northam. GeorgM H. Osen. E<1 Rich
mond. Picrr*> Sais^et. J. <J. Tuckrr. Dr. E.
YVislocM. CiareiK-e bumbard. Rex Sherburne
«irh n\o d«corate<l miniature automobiles
Bullet No 1 and No. 2. J. R. Welch, the
Misses Nir.a and May Welch. Women of
Woodcraft in Mrs. Mageon'* auio. Baron Mer
chant of San Francisco. Charles Pelry. Ro
maynp Hunkln*.
Fifty decorated automobiles will be
In line. Those who have decided to
enter their machines in the parade
ere:
All day l»ng flowers were being de
livered at the Sarah B. Cooper Kinder
garten, where a Boore of busy workers
were arranging their displays, and
from the immense quantity received
one would hardly think there was \
flower left in th<* vicinity. There will
be some orisrinal and pretty designs
in the parade.
Visitors began to arrive to-night for
the festival from adjoining cities and
towns. From Fan Francisco. Oakland
and other bay points immense crowds
will come <n the morning trains. A
feature of the parade will be a series
cf floats representing "Alice In "Won
derland," "Boy I?lue and Bo Peep,"
"Red Riding Hood" and "Old Kins
Cole."
DECORATED AUTOMOBILES.
SAN* JOSE, April 6.— The ladies In
charge of the blossom fete to be held
here to-morrow completed their ar
rangements to-night and everything is
in readiness for the greatest floral
show ever seen In Central California.
The county and city have been search
ed for all the flowers in bloom, and vis
itors who come here to-morrow will
¦witness a pretty sight. Thousands of
roses, with popples and calla lilies
have bpen used to decorate the car
riages, automobiles and floats that are
to appear In the parade. The matrons
and buds of society will ride in decor
ated rips and turnouts drawn by styl
ish -thoroughbreds. The display by
San Jose's "four hundred" will be a
distinct feature.
SpeclaJ Pispttch to The Call
PARIS. April 6.— It Is denied in offi
cial quarters that, there is - foundation
for the report that Newfoundland will
take steps to enter the Dominion, of
Canada as a result of the Anglo-
French settlement , of the shore and
fisheries questions', which heretofore
had interfered with Newfoundland's
complete sovereignty.
The fact that the Colonial treaty will
be signed at an early date is bringing
out another manifestation of the rap
prochement between Great Britain
and France. The Temps says in this
connection that Great Britain's gain in
Newfoundland is America's loss, but
declares that the United States has
been covetous of the French fisheries
and says France had difficulty In
making It understood that the islands
of St. Pierre and Miquelon were not for
sale. -¦¦'*;•*-£"-
Thorsch stated to-night that he had
been in the employ of J. B. Whitney
of .120 Sutter street, San Francisco,
and admitted that he was short in his
accounts. He expressed a willingness
to go back to San Francisco to face
•any charges which may be preferred
and intimated that others would be
implicated in what he had to tell when
he reaches San Francisco.
"My name is Rene Thorsch. My
home is in San Francisco, where my
parents live at 2392 Pine street. I
hope God will forgive me for doing
this, but it is for the best. It is my
own fault, as I always have had a
good home, but gambling was my un
doing. My belongings are at 1702
South Grand avenue. Please notify
my father, as the shock would kill my
mother."
.The wounds which Thorsch inflicted
are not serious, although he would
have bled to death if not discovered
in time.
Thorsch Is only 19 years of age and
says he came here from San Francisco
to escape prosecution. At 1:45 o'clock
this morning he was found In the
park with his throat cut and his wrisU
gashed. He was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where the surgeons
stopped the flow of blood and pre
vented him from bleeding to death.
On his person was found the following
note:
LOS AXGELES, April 6.— At the re
quest of the San Francisco Police De
partment Rene Thorsch, who was
found in Central Park this morning
after he had tried to commit suicide
by cutting his throat with a razor, is
being held until an officer can reach
here to take him back, the informa
tion having been received here that he
is to be prosecuted on a charge of em
bezzlement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
This disposed of that tangle and Mc-
Enerney continued the examination,
with the result of almost Immediately
calling from the witness the following
testimony, which alone may hold his
client for trial:
Mrs. Curtie. did. you ever apply for a land
location in California?
, Yes. I signed an application at llr. Hyde's
request. Many others in. the office or near toy
did the same, among them being Miss Farwell,
our: cashier: her sister.-: , Miss - Susie Farwell;
Leon Samuels, an attorney who had desk room
in Hyde's office: Mrs. E. A.- Ellsworth; C. N
Stein, a barber; Mrs. Sarah Stein; .. James
Scott, the colored Janitor of the building, and
many others. Stein brought In a • number of
men to sign applications whose names 1 can
r.ot remember. «rfd "James Scott brought "a
great many . negroes, who also signed the
blanks. "Besides "these there! were "a number tf
employes on Hyde's ranches ' who • signed * ap
plications at his request.'; All these apDlIcd
for California lands. " .
What about locations of : school "lands ¦ In
Oregon? - .... s.-
- Schneider was sent up there byHvdeta get
hold of Oregon lands, ami'llfnson and his son
were in Oregon and Washington themselves
Hyde and Benson were , working - together '-¦ in
Interest., . {. ¦ ' ¦¦ ~. i .:.-. t ~\ ¦¦ \ -,,- . j 1 .
HYDE AXD BEXSOX PARTNERS;
How doyou know this?
Because of the agreement, which I- w'rote' out
"No. * Those notebooks were Mr.
Hyde's property and when I left his
office I left them there and have never
seen them since." " * . :
. "I think it evident," Heney said,
"that defendants are simply "trying to
find out what the Government . can
prove — just what notes this witness
has. As a matter of - t fact, they ought
to have these notes in their own pos
session."
"Well, we haven't," answered Hyde's
lawyer..
A A newspaper in Washington,"
Heney "^continued, "started the story,
that Mrs. Curtis had read her steno
graphic nates before the Grand Jury.
Mrs. Curtis, is that true?" .
"Hold on there." cried Government
Counsel Heney. "This looks like an
other fishing excursion."
"Our object," McEnerney retorted,
"is to show by this witness that 'the
relations between Hyde and Benson
were absolutely inconsistent with the
existence of 'such a conspiracy as is
charged in the indictment and that
there was no conspiracy."
What do you mean by scrip?
Lands that can be used in locating other
lands. He purchased a creat deal of such
land during ttie entire period I was in his
employ. - -v; -
1 first met John A. Benson in Hyde's, office.
There was a private telephone . from Hyde's
Montgomery-street office to Benson's office.
Benson was in Hyde's office vc*.v often, talk-
Ing with Hyde about their land business. 1
remember when they gave pome certificates of
purchase to Crawford W. Clarke as security
for money they borrowed from him. Clarke
was there frequently. I don't know how much
he loamd them. \ once beard Clarke tell Hyde
he didn't care to advance money to Benson
without Hyde as security. Hyde could get all
he wanted from Clarke, and finally got the
loan for Benson. Clarke always took notes for
this money. Afterward the certificates of pur
chase for the California lands located and the
deeds given by the State of Oregon were as
signed to him as . security. There were a
great many of these- transactions, and Clarke
furnished a big" 'lot of money for Hyde and
Benson. ¦ - . » i
Have you your stenographic notes of any
letters from Hyde to Benson?
None in my possession. , : .
A PROMISE NOT KEPT.
The direct testimony of Mrs. Curtis,
given In answer to questions by Gar
ret W. McEnerney, of Hyde's counsel,
was in substance as follows:
I was employed as Mr. Hyde's atenoirrapher
from November. 1S37, to September. 1899. Dur
ing part of this period his office was at 630
Commercial etreet. but It was later removed to
41 ft Montgomery street.
Who were employed there besides yourself?
Hyde's son and two nephews were office
boys. Miss Laura Farwell . was the cashier.
Then there were Joost H. Schneider (one of
the defendants indicted Jointly with Hyde,
Benson and Dimond). a Mies Andrews and sev
eral other stenographers. Mr. Hyde's brother,
11. D. Hyde, was also there part of the time.
What business was Hyde engaged In?
That of a land attorney, buying and selling
scrip and locating land for people. He had a
large daily mail and dictated a great many
letters to me. When I entered his office I
think he had already begun to select lands
under the forest reserve act of 1S37, ,both for
himself and for his clients. Among these
clients were A. B. Forbes, Frank J. fcymmes.
two men named Dutton, Charles Sutro and
M. H. Hechu all of San Francisco, also some
people outside the city. He also bought scrip
on hi« own account. . . ,'j/.
The star witness yesterday was Mrs.
Belle A. Curtis, formerly: chief stenog
rapher in the office of Ficd A. Hyde.
She told only part of what he is said
to know, but that was eaough to cause
every person in the courtroom to give
breathless attention. In brief, her di
rect testimony In answer to McEner
ney's questions, and still more her re
plies to Heney's cross-examination,
amounted to this — that F. A. Hyde and
John A. Benson were partners by
virtue of a signed agreement in the
business of obtaining fraudulent titles
to school lands of the States of Califor
nia and Oregon and exchanging them
for good titles from the Federal Gov
ernment; that the State rands were ac
quired by the wholesale use of dum
mies and forged affidavits, and that in
this work they were aided by State and
Federal officials, some of whom were
named by the witness and accused of
collusion with the alleged conspirators.
Mrs. Curtis' testimony was followed by
other evidence In similar tenor, and it
will be further corroborated, it is un
derstood, when the hearing is resumed
next week.
A DAMAGING -WITNESS.
Some , very sensational- testimony
was given yesterday against Defend
ants Hyde and Dimond in the great
land fraud hearing, and it was given
by witnesses they had themselves call
ed to the stand. Blocked by the ad
verse rulings of Commissioner Hea
eock upon their repeated demands that
the Government produce the evidence
upon which the Indictment - was re-,
turned, the defense found that Its only
way to discover the prosecution's casfl
was to let the Government witnesses,
whom they, have been calling In'.rota
tion, tell what they really knew. So
there was a change In the tactics of
defendants' counsel yesterday. Instead
of continuing to ask merely negative
questions as to what the Federal wit
nesses, were sure not to know, Mc-
Enerney." Schlesinger, Wheeler and
Knight opened the bag wide and the
cat came out. • Now they know the
worst, or some of it, and will prepare
their case to meet it. • • • -'
Battle of Roses Is to
Take Place at Agricultural
Park After the Procession
Proprietor • of the. Place
Uses. Revolver After Pre
tending to Be Intimidated
Says That He Is a Fugitive
From Justice, Having Em
bezzled Employers Funds
Witnesses for Prose
cution Tell All That
They Know.
Diplomats Perceive Signs
of a Rapprochement Be
tween England and France
DENY ALLIANCE RUMOR
MAXYVIS1T0KS AREIVE
DEOPSC OUTSIDE DOOR
CONFESSES TO CEDTE
McEnerney Opens the
Way for Hard Blows
at Defendants.
Negotiations on Fisheries
QuestiQn Practically As
sures Sovereignty of Island
Receives a Bullet Through
IAing While Attempting to
Hold Up Gambling House
Kene Thorsch of San Fran
cisco Attempts to Commit
Suicide at Los Angeles
Thousands, of Pretty Buds
Used to Adorn Vehicles
for Parade at San Jose
NEWFOUNDLAND
NOW SATISFIED
GARDENS LOSE
THEIR RICHES
DARING ROBBER
FATALLY SHOT
CUTS THROAT
WITH A RAZOR
HYDE AND DIMOND UNCOVER
EVIDENCE FOR GOVERNMENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL. THURSDAY.: APRH. T. ».
San Francisco ; Veterinary; College.
,,; Next ' session .will begin June 6th.*K Catalogue*
hy EDDlvlnr^taf Ur.'lS. J.*Cr»»«tv.'Stij <J." (V a vs.*
5
ADVEBTISEJIEifTS.
Which would you rath-
er have, if you could have
your choice, transparent
skin or perfect features ?
AH the world would
choose one way; and you
can have it measurably.
If you use Pears' Soap
and live wholesomely
otherwise, you will have
the best complexion Na-
ture has for you.
Sold all over the world.
*n — — ¦¦ - ¦ - ¦ 1 ¦¦ _
- ***** /// » iF ifW^ * "^ copvMI9nT
A Shirt to Be Proud Of,
because it was laundered at the United
States laundry. Garments left with us
arc washed absolutely clean, thoroughly
rinsed, and In ironing are given that per-
fect finish which is recognized by all
who dress right. . No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
2004 KAEKET STREET.
ffcJcphone Soutto 420.
. . • ' . *ADVEBTISElIENTa^ - . .
Special Values
This Easter Week
In '-'tori junction' with our. Annual Spring opening —
the first in our-new Geary-street store— special Easter N
Week, values" are* being offered in every, department.
Decisive/reductions on both High grade and popular
priced gooids, ; which are' making things exceedingly in- '- -
terestinglAn excellent opportunity for you to visit this
magnificent establishment, made the more . attractive
right:now-by:a;gorgeousdisplay of the season's new
productions. : tome without a thought of buying—
you are -\yelc6nie; Belowr are a few of the many- spe-
• cials tb ; be offered for, two days more :
.'iWeathercdoakVdcsks, : like! picture* above, re- ciO 7?
.duced ', from $ 1 7.00 to .'." . '. : :r JplJmt/D .
Weathered; oak .buffets, reduced from $15.00 to CM Off
Reed .arm' rockers reduced "from $7.00 to...... Off Off
\ ' ''''I'''.'.'.'"':'''' ' '¦' '¦'¦'¦ ..••••....... t^ ...
' ¦. Birdscyie,'. maple chiffoniers from $30.00 QOO ff i\
Golden oak wood seat rockers reduced from, $8.50 <££? Qf|
Imitation .Arabian curtains reduced from" $7.50 and f\t\
.,$8.50 the. pair to;. ... .... . . ... .....:. .^3.UU
Axminster . rugs, 27rby, 63 inches, .reduced from Qff
. • v '*? ". ••...•.••• • T . .-¦'
, - (Formerly the Galifornia Furniture Co.)
26| ta 281 Geary Street, at Union SquareOAKLAND, April 6. — D. E. Griffin,
residing at 1531 Adeline street, was
held up Monday night near his resi
dence by two "masked men armed
with pistols, who relieved him-.' of '15
cents. Griffin, after reffectlon, told the^
-police to-day thathe wastnot sure
whether the highwaymen were . real
footpads or practical Jokers. ., He said
there was something quite familiar
About his assailants, . BB
Joker* or Footpads,- Which?
ALAMEDA. April 6.— Harry Miller,
the 16-year-old son of Mr. and "Mrs.
Frank Miller of 2624 Santa Clara ave
nue, has been missing from his home
for four days and his . parents ate
much worried as to his whereabouts.
He went to San Francisco last Satur
day and since that time has not been
seen by those looking for him."
Young' Miller is a lad of adventur
ous inclinations and the members of
his family surmise that he may have
eone to sea, or is trying the strenuous
life on a cattle .range. The missing
youth. has light hair, blue eyes, a fair
complexion and is intelligent
Ills Parents Are Worried
Abont Him.
Harry JLffler Drops Out of Sight and
. OAKLAND, April 6.— Rev. Father
McSweeney will deliver an address to
self-supporting women; ;. to-morrow
evening at the social . and dance at
Pythian HaHby;young;LadiesV Insti
tute' No! _ 24,- of Oakland.. -The mem
bers of. the institute have arranged an
excellent -programme, in which i the
following will -take part: Vocal solo,
Master. James Britton;- guitar. \ and
mandolin' sextet, ; George Derby .'¦Daniel
Whelan, George > Schmidt, Miss; Jo
sephine Whelan,' -Miss" VAiinie Burke
and .Miss Teresa ;Schmidt/v The *£ ar
rangements are in ¦ charge ; of , the i\fol
lowing committee: ;• Miss; May.; Sopkfu
Miss; May], Do|lng/=; Miss . Annie s , Coby,
Miss VAiinIe' i Dbiari,? 1 . ; Miss ' ' May ;" v Mc
'Laugrrrrni^M-iss^^- V^Doyle^ Mfs^L.
t Whelan and Mrs. ] A^Krets?|feM09flflfl|
AXAMEDA YOUTH IS
3USSING FROM HOME
OAKLAND, April 6.— Gladys Bailey,
who lives with her parents at the cor
ner of Eighth avenue and East Four
teenth street, has dropped out of sight
without telling her family or her
fiance where she was going. She has
been gone since Saturday, March., 26,
and the family has become very much
agitated over her absence.
On the evening in question she told
her mother that she was going to take
a little walk around the block and that
was the last that was seen of her by
those at home. Apparently ehe took
no clothing and she has not communi
cated with her parents since that time.
She was engaged to James Brock and
was shortly to have been married.
The girl is reputed to have said
thai her life at home was too "hum
drum."' \. ¦. .¦ ¦
Gladys Bailey of East Oakland Dis
appears Without Telling Parents '
or Fiance.
DROPS OUT OF SIGHT
ON EVE OF WEDDING
x The singers of the Oakland Turn
Verein hold a large number of tro
phies won in vocal contests with or
ganizations of the came character
from all parts of the State.
Part II — "Bohemian Girl" (Balfe). orches
tra; <a> "Frlsch und rum Wald" (SchrHner).
<b) "Jaegerlusf* (K. Astholz), San Francisco
Turn Vercln; soprano eolo. Miss Esther Mun
dell, ¦William B. King accompanist; trombone
foIo. Louis Klotz; <a) "Der Lenz und Ich und
Du" (Carl WeldO. fb) "Das Treue Mutter
herx" (Edwin Schultr), Oakland Turn \>r«ln;
tenor solo, Dan M. Lawrence, William B. King
accompanist; "An Me!n Vaterland" (T. R.
Reese), San Francisco and Oakland Turn Ve
relM,- with orchestra accompaniment.
"OAKLAND, April 6. — The annual
concert of th« singers of the Oakland
Turn \>rein will be^iven at Germania
HaJl at S o'clock to-morrow evening.
The music will be- under the direction
of Professor .Gustavc Albrecht, and the
concert * will be followed by a social
dance. Following is the concert pro
gramme:
Part I— Overture. "Orpheus," Klotz orches
tra; "Die Wacht &c.t Musik" (August Koenip).
San Francisco end Oakland Turn Verein, with
orchestra accompaniment: soprano solo. Miss
Krther Mundell. William B. King accompanist;
. <»» "O. My Love's Like a Red. Red Rose"
<Ciarrett). <b) "O Hush Thee. My Baby" (Sul
livac), boy choir St. John's Episcopal Church;
tenor boIo, Dan M. Lawrence, Wllllaia B.
Klnx accompanist; (a) "Meine Mutter Snrache"
IE. S. Engelsberg). <h) "Gut Nacht. ihr Blu
m«i" (Julius Witt). Oakland Turn Verein.
l.<Hjt] .Singers to Entertain Their
1 Yiends nils Evening • at Ger
niania Hall.
TURNERS WILL GIVE
. . - CONCERT ~ AND DANCE
The building will be constructed of
metal and pressed brick, will be four
stories in height and will cover a
ground space of 100x100 feet. The
Polytechnic College will occupy three
entire floors of the building and ac
commodations will be prepared for
1000 students. It is expected that the
cost of the building and equipment
will exceed $100,000. As.soon as the
plans are completed contracts for the
erection of the new building will be
let and the construction w.ork will be
commenced.
OAKLAND, April 6. — The Poly
technic Business College will be in
stalled about the end of the present
year in a new building, which is to be
erected^ especially for the college on
the i northwest corner of Twelfth and
Harrison streets. The lot' was recently
scld to C. H. Kins and negotiations for
the new building have Just been com
pleted by the Laymance Real Estate
Company and the plans are now being
prepared by Architect A.' W. Smith.
Institution Will Occupy Brick Struc
ture to Be Erected at Twelfth
and Harrison Streets.
NEW BUILDING FOR
POLYTECHNIC COLLEGE
OAKLAND, April 6. — An appraise
ment of the estate of the late Gustkv
Rosenk shows his property, to be
worth $49,262 39. He was an eccen
tric old doctor, and, hidden away In
hiSi room '-was' found several thou
sand dollars. Besides cash he owned
a two-story brick building at Seventh
and Franklin streets.
Roscnk's Estate Appraised.
OAKLAND, March 6.— "My name is
Abe Swesky, my home is Chicago."
The young man who has been liberally
passing worthless checks in Oakland
and San Francisco under aliases of
Steele, Homer and Putnam, said this
to-day at the City Prison. The police
declare their prisoner is one of the
cleverest operators that has worked, in
this part of the country for, years. .
Prisoner Discloses Identity.
PLAYS DETECTIVE AND ,
CATCHES CHECK PASSER
BERKELEY. A»ril «.— The Choral Society,
the women's organization at the university,
will contribute the songs at the half-hour of
music to be given next Sunday afternoon in
the Greek theater. It will be directed by
David W. Lorinc. "founder of the Lorlng CluU
of San Francisco. *
Professor. John C. Merriam. assistant pro
fessor of palaeontology and historical geology,
Is the author of a bulletin just Issued on '"A
Note on the Fauna of the »ix)wer Miocene of
California." Dr Merriam Indicates that the
miocene of California 1b separable into at least
two divisions on the basis of the geological
range of the fauna. The faunas of the upper
ard middle miocene are fairly well known.
The fauna of the lower miocene , is more
characteristic than that of the higher divi
sions. It la recognized at many localities and
arrears next to the base of the miooene
series. This division of the miocene may be
recognized by its characteristic fossils wher
ever It occur*.
The opening of. the doors . of the clubrooms
for the n>wly formed University of California
Club - next Saturday evening in*San Francisco
will be a distinguishing mark in the history
of the California alumni. It was only last
fall that the club was formed; yet it has al
ready Jumped into popular favor and the limit
of membership Is reached. The movement fo>
the clubrooms began at the November meeting
and now the club is about to acquire a home
in the commodious building at Geary and
Powell streets. . two floors having been en
gaged. There will be seven rooms in all, in
cluding a large lounging room, a , buffet room,
a 'billiard room, | some dressing rooms and a
library. All alumni or other men who were
for two years or more students of the univer
sity and past or present officers of administra
tion and instruction are eligible for . member
ship. The initial jinks will be open to all
alumni, whether they' attend as members or
not. Dinner will be s*rved at 6:30 o'clock
and then . will come speeches, college songs
and some other forma of amusement appro
priate to the occasion.
The freshmen girls held a '"'gym jinks'* last
night in Hearst Hall. -Dinner was served at
6 o'clock and- afterward the following toasts
were spoken; -"The Freshmen Men," . Miss
Nell .Wills;' "A Cinch." Miss Sherman: "To
Our College," Miss Beryl; "North Hall Steps."
Miss ¦ Greensfelder. Miss Salinser was the
toastmistress. '
Professor Aibln Putzker will have completed
a thirty years' service as Instructor In the
university next Saturday, and I on • the evening
of that day he will be tendered a \receptlon
by his associates In the faculty at the Faculty
Club. r The arrangements for the affair are in
the hands of Professor Hueo Schilling. .
GRAND EXALTED RULER
WILL CONDUCT CEREMONY
OAKLAND. April 6.— Harry G. Wil
liams, a coal merchant at Thirteenth
and V7ebster streets, , played detective
this afternoon and captured a . bogus
check passer at Seventh and Franklin
streets, turning his man over, to Cap
tain of Police Wilson.
The prisoner gave the name of Wil
liam Smith. He did not offer explan
ation concerning his possession of a
big bunch of blank" checks and some
signed ones, which the police think
constituted his stock in trade.
Smith • tried to pass a check at
Flynn's cdal yard. Center street sta
tion. He was traced up town and
landed in Williams' yard/ where he
tried to get 7 rid of a check for '$15.
From there Williams followed him to
Harlow's coal yard, Thirteenth and
Franklin streets, and down Franklin to
Seventh, where the coal man over
hauled Smith. Pending investigation,
the arrested man was registered on the
detinue book at the City Prison.
Wives Are Unhappy.
OAKLAND, April 6. — Suit for di
vorce^was granted to-day by/ Lillas E.
Byer& against Louis E. i Byers on the
ground of desertion. They wer^
married in Sioux* City in m 1887 and
have three children, of which she
asks the custody. She also asks for
$40 a month alimony. "
Mary Lame has instituted divorce
proceedings against Elle Lame.on the
ground of cruelty. She alleges that
his treatment of her has * been such
that she can no longer, live with him.
Newly. Elected Officers of Oakland
Lodge, of Elks WiU Be Installed r
This Evening.
OAKLAND, April G.— The new offi
cers of Oakland Lodge, No. 171, Benev
olent and Protective: Oijder of "Elks,
who were' elected at the last meeting
of the lodge, will be installed to-mor
row evening by! Grand Exalted Ruler
Joseph 'T. Fanning of /' Indianapolis,
who will be assisted by Past Grand
Exalted Ruler Meade'Detwilfcr of Har
rlsburg. Pa.
V After the installation ceremonies ¦ a
social session will be held, at . which
Past Exalted Ruler H..C. Capwell will
preside. Toasts will be given by Ex
alted | Ruler J. 1 ' S. Partridge of San
Francisco -Lodge, Exalted Ruler' Jarn^s
M. Shanley of .Oakland : Lodge, .. and
George , E. de Golia, v George 1 W. Reed.
Henry ~ A..; Melvin and , G. Russell x. Lu
kens, Past Exalted Rulers of -Oakland
Lodge. .'; , , ! „ '; ., .'¦ ;*¦;• .
The newly elected officers, ar,e: : Ex
alted ' ruler, James Shanley ' of ' Ala
meda; esteemed leading ' knight, A. E.
Shaw; "esteemed "loyal * knight," "George
Frlck ; \ esteemed lecturing. knight, O. E.'
Hutchinsbn"; . tyler, r ; Charles . Learn;
trustee,; Julius / Seulberger;
J.\, J.i Haniflri . Jr.'; ..treasurer, TV. W.
Landon. y ' '•;:
Baseball "Fan" Too Exuberant.
, OAKLAND, April 6.— Joseph Rodger 9,
an Oakland ] baseball Vf an," . quite for
got * himself yesterday, in - the excite
ment of the -^finish-, at- the "Portland-
Oakland game and swore mighty; oaths
that hustled across the" diamond and
created . much disturbance on; - the
bleachers. Thereat was Joseph hus
tled off ;tb Jail, and this'« morning he
made some explanations ;in"' the Police
Court.-' The case was continued until
to-morrow- morning. „. ¦ y - :'¦'
Marriage , Licenses^'
OAKLAND, , April e.-^The follow
ing marriage licenses were^issued" By
the ¦ County Clerk * to-day: \ Charles P.
Schultheis," >25.\ and Sadie Ah Murdoch;
23,', both "of ; Oakland : ][ Karl - H, : "Wal
ter3,;23, Xlyerrriore, and ; Sophie -Mad
sen, 1 8r: Altamont: : N. O/ 'Anderson,
over/' 21; .to" • Alrria Livlngstrom,.; over
18, both of Oakland.
At the 'next meeting : of v thercdsfo*o»^cflub
ilre. B. J.' Cotton-vill be^the'hostess*'
, The; Linda, Wista Cluh,: will -be entertained
this week by Mrs. Wlggln.'- .;¦ I'..", : '
¦ Mrs. B. S. Hubbard Is planning a large card
party for next. Saturday evening.
At Miss Klwman's card party yesterday, given
In honor of. Miss Llta Gallatln. the prizes were
won by Miss Elva Shea ftnd Miss Gallatin.'
The gurst* were: Miss Carrie - Hawley, Miss
Hopkins. Mrs. Washington" .Marion of San
Francisco. Mrs. Rowley,' Mrs. James McGauley,
Mrs. Frederick Morse. Mrs. Frederick Stolp.
Mrs Oscar lining, Mrs. John F. Cbnners, Mr?.
Harry Melvin. Mr»>.. Charles Egbert,' Mrs.
Jos#ph Mathews.' Mrs. George Humphrey. Mrs.
Ftandeford, Miss Jean Hawley. Miss Ethel
Corn well. Miss Eva Yorker, Miss Charlotte
Elsey Miss Sallle Worley, Miss . Florence
Hatch. Miss Inez Boyne, Miss Klva Shea. Miss
B.'i Hummers and -others.
> Among the guests. Mirs' Bernlce- MclJonaia
was a 'striking figure' In a military. costumeCdf
violet, cloth an$ velvet, . her colonial i hat being
entirely- of violet*." , Miss ' Muriel ¦ Steele also'
wore violets, a- graceful pown ; ot some clinging"
material, and her pale-gold hair was shadowed
by a big white picture hat. Miss Irene Bangs
wore a pretty gown of violet silk, with ruffles
in plenty and a deep 1S30 yoke. Another 1830
drefcs that attracted admiring glances. was that
worn by Mrs. Frank Baldwin of Honolulu;... It
was oi tan ligured silk, with a lace yoke of
quaint Hawaiian work.
Miss Ethel Moore looked unusually well in
a white lace gown lined with violet silk and a
white lace hat with long white plumes.
Mrs. Robert Knlcht and Mrs. Henry Dieck
mann wort extremely brautlful gowns of pale
blue cloth and big blue chiffon hats. Mrs. J.
P. ,H. Dunn's gown of green cloth, with Its
three rkirts and Persian trimming, was of the
prettiest In the room.
Among others present who were handsomely
irownM were Mrs. E. M. Walsh. Mrs. I."
Requa. Mre. H. G. Thomas, Mm. Pedar Sather,
Mrs. F. M. Smith. Mrs. Folger. Mrs. R. G.
Brown Miss Geitrudc Allen. Mrs. Gconre E.
de Golia, Mrs. J. Loran Pease, - Mrs. Louise
Allender. Mn». Robert Watt. Mrs. • Gordon
Stolp. Mrs. Thomas CreUln. Mrs. J> C. Hamp
ton, - Miss Mary Barker. Mrs.. G"us Macdonald,
Mrs. von der- Ropp. Miss Lucretla. Burnham,
Mrs. Frank P. . lx-cring and Mrs. LSndley of
San Francisco. ' '¦ " "
OAKLAND. April 6. — Mrs. George H.
Wheaton set the fashion to-day for a delight
ful roanper of entertaining that will doubtless
b« followed by many . others. Her reception
and musicale at the Home Club In Eaet Oak
land to-day will take Us place. In the memory
of those fortunate' enough to be , present, as
one of the most brilliant functions of the year.
The, day was perfect and no Easter Sunday
congregation was more radiantly clad than the
gathering of fashionables who enjoyed the rare
musical prorramm* 1 provided by the hostess. \
Miss Caroline Little, Oakland's own singer,
and -Madam Marquardt, tbe harpist, gave a
recital that left nothing to be desired. Miss
Little, who was accompanied by Miss Hulda
Anderson, was enthusiastically received, many
of her auditors' having known her since she
was a little girl. Compelled to give repeated
encores at the close of the programme, she
sang several old ballads, accompanied by her
mother, who was "at one time herself a well
known sinter.
The tiny programmes, printed in gold on
white paper and inclosed in green covers, were
pretty souvenirs of the occasion and were in
scribed with the following numbers:
"Spring Song," Becker: "Longing." Otto;
"Cascade," Zabel; "Souvenance," Bemberg;
"SI mes vers." Hahn; "Page's Song," from
the "Huguenots"; "Mazurka," Schnecker;
"Immer LelBer." — "FeldeJnsamkelt," "Bo
Wlllst Du" — Brahms.
Of all the richly gowned women present,
none was more attractive than the hostess,
who is one of the most beautiful women in
Oakland. She wore, with charming grace, an
exquisite robe of cream lace and chiffon. . She
was assisted in her hospitable efforts to-day
by her daughter, Mrs. Edson Adams, also In
white — a delightful combination of lace and
satin striped chiffon; Mrs. George Sterritt
Wheaton, Miss Ella Sterritt, In white, with
bow-knots of blue ribbon; Mrs. Harrison Clay,
In a pretty gown of pale pink, cloth with
white lace yoke and sleeves; Miss Milton Bulk
ley, Mrs. Harry East Miller. - who looked like
a picture of some Spanish grand dame in her
gown of black laCe over magenta silk; "Mrs.
William Lyman Shields, who was more beau
tiful even -than ever in a graceful gown of
pale blue etamine with Persian trimming;
Miss Xellie Chabot, a very "stunning" ' girl
who wore an exquisite gown of pearl gray
crepe; Miss Marion Smith, In a rich panne
crepe robe of violet and a tiny wreath .of
green in her hair: Miss Florinne ' Brown was
charming In a white lace gown and Miss
Marietta Havens' gown of - white . silk, ¦: em
broidered with pink rosebuds, 'was one "of the
prettieat In' the. room.. Misses "Alice and Ruth
KnowUs'. were al3o in the receiving partyv'JthQ
latter wearing a quaintly made and-Very/be
coming gown, of violet* panne" crepeV'j-MJs*
Bessie ; Palmer looked unusually pretty , ifi fi
pale blue gown made with the modish* long
sleeves. ; and full- skirt : effect.' ' Miss , Florence
Hui>h was effectively gowned •, In .pflle^pinkv
and, Miss 'Florence Nightingale wore "a hand-,
some white lace robe'. Miss Mae'Coogan looked
•very, pretty in a- gown of delicate pihk.'ahd
lace.' Miss CrlFSie Taft was also among 'those
who received. .. ¦ ¦ ¦ . ".- i.~r. .,.* *-'.'.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
., OAKLAND. April 6. — Alameda and
Contra Costa counties are going to
dwell in sweet harmony at the World's
Fair at St. Louis. The interests of the
two counties are identical, their in
dustrial and_commercial advantages
are the same and their mineral and
agricultural products are alike, and so
it has been decided "by the local com- |
missioners of the two; counties that
they would work together. This has
been done and the^ commissioners
have gone to St. Louis together to in
stall an exhibit, all the material of
which was shipped at one time. The
commissioners from Alameda , County
are Theodore Gier, W. H. Weilbye and
Wilbur - Walker; the commissioner
from Contra Costa County is H. C.
Raap, County Tax Collector, and the
gentleman who will have the -exhibit
in charge during the fair is Webb N.
Pierce. of Oakland. _/ o -V
The [commissioners have been at
work for several months collecting ex
hibits, preparing literature. and secur
ing headquarters that will be not only
a depository for the products of the
two counties, but will, serve as head
quarters for the people from- Alameda
and Contra Costa counties who will
visit the fair. . This was done through
the efforts of W. H. .Weilbye, who is
an architect and builder, and he was
the one who prepared the design and
will superintend its construction. The
building will be done in St. Louis/
This exhibit is very comprehensive.
It covers the varied industries and
products of the two counties and filled
four cars, three from Alameda County
and one from Contra Costa.
-, .-The. Alameda County exhibit in
cludes 400 jars of cereals, 240 jars of
fruit, seventy, cases of preserved fruits
and ' jams, . barrels , of ; corn, - beans and
barley 'and nuts', of -.yarious : kinds and
other .agricultural 'products. The in
r.terestirig -and •. unusual* exhibits/ made
: wHl,be those from the great salt fields
of: Mount Edeh.y-. the- hop -fields of
<Pleasariton 'and the nurseries of Nlles.
These are, all ; in : miniature,";:", but; are
>vefy ; unusual/ ¦; There ' are samples j of
the";^mining";"; industries.; of ( Alameda
'County in the' shape of coal, magnlsite,
manganese and . quicksilver.; f rom "• near
Livermore.and pottery clay, glass and
glass sand from Tesla.
The Contra Costa exhibit is com
prised of fruit, grains, grapes .and
wines and various mineral products,
in which the county abounds. ;
The wine exhibit will be particularly
fine, the best varieties from the Liver
more Valley, the old Mission San Jose
and the Ignacio and Alhambra- valleys
being utilized.
• It is claimed that ': for variety of
products this will -be one of {he finest
to be seen at St. Louis. Therewill.be
plenty of literature, hundreds upon
hundreds of, photographs, files of the
California papers, and a welcome for
aii. ¦¦¦.,: •¦-'¦¦
Yetterday George Clayton, one time
a jockey for "Lucky" Baldwin, was
arrested at Mrs. Hampshire's home
because he refused to abide by the
discharge given him by Miss, Emma
McCuIIoch, s'ster of the afflicted
woman. Clayton says he was em
ployed to look after Mrs. Hamp
shire's horses. When the sister at
tempted to discharge him . he refused
to -consider what she said and Con
stable Tom Carroll was called in and
landed Clayton in the County Jail.
According to Clayton'3 statement
Mr3. Hampshire had been acting
queerly and had. gone to the home of
Mr. Hayden on Eighteenth street.
OAKLAND, April 6.— Mrs. Harriet
K. Hampshire pf.Dlmond is said to be
incompetent by her mother," Mrs. Re
becca McCuIIoch,. who has asked for
letters of guardianship upon the per
son and estate of her daughter. Mrs.
Hampshire has a pretty home on the
Redwood road and is said to be the
possessor of a large amount of prop
erty.
plies for the Legal Custody of
Her Person.
Rebecca McCuIIoch, Her Mother, Ap-
SAYS MRS. HAMPSHIRE
NEEDS A GUARDIAN
A unique feature of the organization
is the Red Cross Nurse Corps, the
members of which are: Mrs. Stillwell,
Mrs. Smith, Miss Nina Thomas, Miss
Edith Goff and Miss Grace Thomas.
The FirstCongregational Cadet Corps
wae organized about eighteen months
ago bv the present captain, Charles
W. Stillwell, and the object of th« or
ganization is not only to enable the
members to gain some knowledge of
military, tactics, but also raise, the
moral tone of young men, as every ap
plicant for membershio must sign a
pledge to abstain from the use of
liquor and tobacco. The corps now
numbers sixty members and the of
ficers are: Charles W. Stillwell, cap
tain: Alvin Powell, first* lieutenant;
George Earl, second lieutenant; Rev.
Charles R. Brown, chaplain; Rev. H.
B. Mow-bray, assistant chaplain; Dr.
Dudley Smith, surgeon.
OAKLAND. April «.— The members
of the First Congregational Cadet
Ccrps will open a carnival and fair at
their new armory on Fifteenth and
Jefferson streets to-morrow evening,
the proceeds of which will 'be used to
complete the payment for the armory,
which has cost, including building" and
part of the furniture, nearly '$3000. The
new armory has Just been completed
and the carnival, which will continue
until Saturday evening, will also serve
the purpose of a reception and house
warming.
Workers Plan for a Good
Time for All.
Prominent Organization of Church
CONGKEGoATION'Al, CADETS
GIVE FAIR IX NEW ARMORY
To his sister, Mrs. Ellzaoeth Marks,
with whuui Augustus resided, the
young man Fold yesterday*.
'to too big a coward to shoot my
self, but Iicannot bear the strain much
longer/ 1
Augustus went into the basement
early, thla mocning and sent the bullet
throu£h,hla brain. His body was found
at 10 ofelock by the police, who had
been.caficd to the house by Mrs. Mark*.
Augustus was unmarried, a native of
Oakland. Coroner Mehrmann will hold
an Inquest Friday evening.
BroaOiag? orer his mother's serious
illness led; Joseph S. Augustus, 27 years
old, a Southern' Pacific Company bag
ffagcfcnan, to commit suicide this morn-
Ing toy shooting himself through the
heud with a revolver at his residence,
1211 IfiKhteent2i avenue.
T**o weeks ago Mrs. Caroline Au
gustus, the mother, was taken ill, and
the son become j=o melancholy over her
condition that \ he threatened Beveral
times to> end his own life. Augustus'
actions caused his friends and relatives
alarm, but they did not believe he
really meant ip destroy himself.
Oa&and* Office* San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. April 6.
¦"The law is a sound one, and aims
to take care of the city's garbage in
a modern sanitary *way." explained
Mayor Olney after the conference.
'"The ordinance is on the books, and
it. like all ordinances of the city, must
b« continuously enforced". There is no
reason why the police should relax in
this or any other ordinance that is the
law of the city. If the scavenger*,
?hall continue to collect the garbage
in defiance of the law the police must
arrest them, and the Chief of- Police
has been po instructed."
•In the Police Court this morning the
cases of the two scavengers arresteu
yesterday were continued until April
11. The scavengers say they will force
a test of the ordinance's validity
through the defense of the?e cases.
ccrnatory company Insisted upon Its
'egal right* to take the garbage and
L-jrn It tit its worka on Wood street,
v\ hich were opened on April 1.
' Th« Scavengers' Union decided to re
.-Jst the new company jand to continue
in business. The members declared
ihf y would fight the ordinance through
the courts, and would neither stop col
lecting nor emptying their garbage
oarts at the forbidden place. The ortjer
of the Board of Health was not recog
nized, because the scavengers said they
were dumping their collections on pri
vate property with the permission of
the owner, Whyte Grondona. They fur
ther asserted that they could not be
ttopped from emptying their wagons,
because the new ordinance did not
specifically prohibit garbage dump-
Ing.
The first day of the new company's
operations was signaled by the taking
of names of many scavengers who
¦were not obeying the order, but war
rajits were not issued for any of these.
A doubt was raised whether the situa
tion could thus be met. By a change
of tactics the police made two arrests
of scavengers for collecting the gar
bage. The new ordinance specifies
that onlj* authorized agents of the city
shall collect the refuse, and under the
ordinance the Pacific Incinerating
Company is the only authorized agent
of the city. But for some reason not
yet apparent the Chief of Police quit
enforcing the ordinance after arrest
ing only two of the scavengers.
This was the situation when an infor
mal conference was held this afterr
r.oon. Mayor Olney and City Attorney
McElroy sitting as, Police Commision
ers. >
The Board <>f Police and Fire Com
missioners UjIs afternoon issued orders
to Chief of Pcllee Hodskins to enforce
the new garbage incineration ordin
ance, and to arrest all scavengers con
tinuously who shall keep on collecting
rrfuse in violation of the law. This
action was tnken because the police
making arrests after two scav
engers had bo^n taken Into custody.
Attention of the Commissioners was
railed to the cessation cf police en
forcement of the ordinance by repre
sentatives of the Pacific Incinerating
Ctomp&ay, which, ur.de? the ordinance,
has the exclusive right to collect and
t.j destroy the c!ty"s garbage. Despite
the order of the Board of Health clos
ing the dumping grounds, the scaven-
Kpre continue to make their accustom
ed rounds and to Rather and deposit
:heir collections at the same old place
on the West Oakland marsh. The
Oakland Office San FrandseotCall,
13 IS Broadway, April €.
: "I mot the two fellows at Bancroft
and, Fulton streets on ray way to the
postoiiice," he said -to-day.. "When I
repassed the corner I saw only one
man. He advanced toward me with
a* pistol in his hand. Just then I was
struck from behind by a man I had
not seen. I can't recall whether the
man with the pistol said anything or
not until I told him to get away.
Then he said. 'Keep still; keep still.'
Some people came along then and
scared the men away. They had not
had a chance to rob me. I walked
a block; toward my home, but fell at
Fulton street and Durant avenue,
and remembered nothing more until
I found myself at home again." .:,;,
• This is the first real hold-uo that
has taken place in Berkeley /for a
long time. There is some fear that it
means the repetition of the relgrn of
terror of a year ago, when people
were held up every night or so. The
attack on Sharwood indicates that the
highwaymen would not stop, at .mur
der. With only three policemen . to
guard this town of 20,000 people the
Thugs may have a moonlight picnic
any' time they choose. *
William J. Sharwood, the Instructor
at the University of California vrho
was sandbagged by two thugs at mid
night last night, recovered sufficiently
from the shock of his experience to
thiy to give a more detailed account
of the attack u^on him. Sharwood
was so dazed- after the attack that he
fell unconccious after walking a block
toward his home, and at first It was
thought that his skull had been frac
tured. Fortunately it turned out that
the blow only caused a deep incision
of In? scalp. "
Berkeley Office San* Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, April 6.
JSndsl His Own Existence by
Sending a *Bullet From a
Reviver Into His Brain
Points Out That the Ordi
nance Covering Ga£bage
Cremation Is a Live Act
People Fear Another Reign
I of Terror in Town* Guarded
by"" Only Three Policemen
Charles A. and Abbie Babcox (wife) to Jamea
and Mary A. Andrew (wlfeV. lot on W line of
Walnut street, 120 N of Cedar. N SO by W
119:7, lot 3tf, block 5, map of resubdlvlslon of
block 5, Antisell Tract. Berkeley; $100.
Goerse and Hattie Thumann (wife) to K. P.
Kaartinen. lot on SW corner of Delaware and
Fifth streets. S 100 by W 50. lot 3, block 74.
Tract B, Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment Association. Berkeley; $10.
Andrew M. Bossel'to Bertha. Bossel (wife).
lot on N line of Francisco street, 160 E of
Grant, E SO by N 135:4%. -being portion of lot
7, block 1, map State University Homestead
Association No. 4, Berkeley, and frame store
building on NE corner Grant and Francisco
etreet3 and stock of goods therein contained,
etc.. Berkeley; gift. ' .
James H. Safley to George P. Lubben. lot
on E line of Seventh > (Webster) street. 123 S
of Pacific avenue, E 131 by S 00:0. lot 5. map
W. W. Chlpman's subdivision. Alameda: $10.
Columbian Mutual Building and Loan Asso
ciation to Charles J. Hasselgren. lot on N Un«»
of Railroad avenue. 90.55 E of Third street, E
50 by -N 150.- lot -23,«- block A, amended map.
resubdlvision of Haight tract. Alameda; $200.
- John W*. Mc.Veil (or McNeill) to T. C.
Kicrulff. lot on NW corner of Shattuck avenue
and Derby street. W 114.5O. N 49. «5. E 131. m.
SW 52.80 to beginning, lotlC. block 14, Map
No. 4, Shattuck Tract. Berkeley: Also the right
and equitr of redemption, which right, etc..
was distributed to first party herein by decree
of distribution of estate of Elizabeth G. Mc-
Neil ' (deceased), ' Angu^t 24. 1903. " 906 D. I 253.
right of redemption expires July 24, 1904, quit
claim deed. Berkeley; $1<X>.
Thomas C. and Gecrgiana May KJerulff (wife)
to H. E. I-ongenecker, same, quitclaim deed.
Berkeley; $10. .
Lorens Fjord (widower) to Lorens Fjord
(corporation), lot on S line of Eagle avenne.
100:<Hi W of Park, W 100 by S 145, lots 8 and
9, block 45. map, part of Mlnturn tract.' Ala
meda, $10.
Henry T. and Efde E. Bower (wife) to Alex
Murilock. lot on N line of Thirty-eight street,
256.13 E of Market, N " 13»:« to beginning,
thence from beginning. X 13»:6 by W 50. por
tion plat 37. Kellprsb-r-fr's Map R. V. and I>.
Peralta. Oakland: $10.
Alameda County.
TCESD AT. APRIL. 6.
Jane P. Slack (widow) to G«orge Storting, let
on XE comer of Fcrty- fourth and _ Wndea
itreets. NT 50. E 90. 8 50. W to beglnnlrr. I©»
1. block 2104. Aldra Tract *t Temeseal. Oak-
John and CbristU Eriison - (wife) to C*ca*
FredrlJuwn. lot on SB corner of H«rsoc «m
Sixty-third (Felton) •treet*. S SO fc-vjp ICO. por
tion of lot 1. block 13. Hersog Tract. Oak-
Realty Syndicate*(corpoTaOon) to Jan« BUck
(widow), lot 14, block 2104. Aldea Tract at
Tcmeacal. Oakland ; $10. -
Andrew and Ada Welding (wife) to Elizabeth
M. Floud (single), lot on K "»• of Central ave
nue. 161.77 E of San Pablo. EMkyNlW^t
24. block; A. Parson'* Colden Oate Tract, oak-
A. 1 Ross to F. B. MUlard. lot en. N Bm oS
S£K S?Si 5 &&»*&&£$£
block U70. Gla»coclc Tract. Oakland; «10-
and Res. A. Muldoon tg^ 1 *® 1 * *Ji
SuTnmerford fwldow\ let on S (W£ Un, of
S 118.2C, E S2. north to S line of Sherman ave
nue. W 32 to beginning, W 32 feet of_ lot 19.
.mapped subdivision of Mosswood tract, oai
- IH Jonn a°nd Margaret Meehan (wtfe) «^WJ«
Taylor, lot on E line of Campbell *tr ca £~i?i
Of Sixteenth. S 25 by E 110. lot 19, block .27A,
mapped resubdlvision of block 740 and portions
of blocks 739. 727 and 72S. Oakland; »5.
The Realty Syndicate to John J. ¦O'Rourke.
lot on S line of Fortieth (Evoy arenue> "treet.
K5 E of Grtne. E 10 by S 100. being E 15 feel
of N half of lot 16, map Montgomery tract No.
1, Oakland; $ 10. .
John J. and Esther C. O'Rourke • .to Lo^H
Sehaffer. same. Oakland: 510. if -¦
¦ Margaret W. and Geor»« H. Mason' (husband »
and William C and Ida Mason (wife) to C«org«
TV,. Reed, lot 10. Wock 4.- map East Oakland
Height?. East Oakland: $10.
Oliver C. and Ella Frances Coffin to Cecelia
May F. Nixon (wife of J. K.). beginning at
a point en E line of lot 4, distant KW 87.25
from SE corner of lot 4, thence, NW 40.43, SW
87.03 to E line of Euclid avenue.S following sail
line on said avenue on curve to left 43.99. SE
¦ 39.57 to beginning-, bejng portion of lot- 4, block
"2. AVheeler tract, Berkeley; deed and agree
ment. $10.
ft Mariner S. Libbey (marrled> to Herbert C.
Cantelow, lot on NW lin« of Hlllegas* a-»enn*
and . Derby street, W 89.48 to beglnnlat;. N 100
by W 35, being portion lots 11 and 12, block
i F. map No. 3, Hllletrass tract, Berkeley: $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIOWS.
STRIKE FR03I THE REAR
SaZBMN', IS TOO GREAT
MAYOR OLNEY EXE&AINS
CommissioueES Direct the
Chief to Resume Arrest
ing Scavengers of -the City
J.>Jtoigm£m Kills Himself
TOriie Melancholy Over
tlieJBUcjess of His Mother
William Sharwood Becoyers
From Wow Dealt Him by
Bold Thugs at Midnight
Send to St. Louis for Exhibition at -World's ; Fair Products Demon
strating Their * Splendid Resources™^
V Visitors Will Be Welcome, Are Seciired byv^omrriissioners
POLICE MUST
ENFORCE LAW
WORRY BRINGS
DEAIH TO SON
TELLS HOW MEN
ATTACKED HIM
ALAMEDA AND CONTRA COST A
WILL MAKE A JOINT DISPLAY
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
» ' ...- ...,-¦¦ ¦ - •• •• .'- ' ¦ ¦ ¦• • " - - ¦
THE ' SAN FRANCISCO ' CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL f ':-7^: 1901.
PRETTV STRUCTURE THAT WILL. BE ERECTED IN THE AGRICULTURAL. BUILDING AT THE ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION. IN
.WHICH THE KXHJBITS OF CONTRA COSTA AND ALAMEDA COUNTIES. ALL OF WHICH WERE SENT FORWARD RE
: CEXTL.Y. WILL BE DISPLAYED. ,' .'¦¦'..[' .
6
BRANCH OFFICES
OF. THE CAkL 15
ALAMDikCmrSFE
OAKIjAND. j2/
1118 Broadway. 3"'
Telephone 3toln' 1083. >»g!
BERKELEY. ?^
2148 Center Street. 1 3j*«
Telephone North 7I» _'si f 3
< N ' AliA>£EDA.
1435 Part Street.
Telephone Akunedar ASM.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ANT.
racts Abont On* of Nature'* Most In-
dustrious Creature*.
When spring comes with all its wealth of
opening buds and new flowers, the ant - la
preparing for a season of profitable ' Industry.
It comes out of its winter quarters and lo-
cates a : new home where It can store away,
during the summer months, the sustenance (or
the long winter days.
• " Just as Industrious . as the -ant — but In a
different way — are the countless. Infinitesimal
. germs which burrow . Into th« scalp and eai
away at the roots of tbe hair. *
•As they burrow away Dandruff forms, and
if the germs are not all killed Baldness results.
Newbro's Herplcide Is the only known rem-
edy which kills the germs. 0
Sold by ¦ leading drusnjlsts.. Send 10c Ma
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.. De-
troit. . Mich. ' ' .'""-.'.,. ¦: •
Inflamed Gums Treated
And cured.. Loose teeth strength-
ened. Diseased conditions of the
'mouth made ihealthyv t
Extraction Free. Painless Meth-
ods. Cleaning Free. Grad- •
;. . uates • Only.
Week days, 9 to g; Sundays, 0 to X.
* san Francisco— 3 Taylor Street. . »'
"I \ O airland — 973 Washinsrtoa Street. '
San Jose-^— 45 Ea«t Santa Clara Etiert.
:'^.">^- Sacramento-^ ; -*O7 J Street* .-
FREE! FREE!/ FREE!,
"LIGHTNING BREAD KNIFE*'
; ; : r (Patented. )•
;A useful household article, •; One -
of these premiums * free . to each '• '
: Want .'Advertiser Jn. '.
. ' NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL. £i; you have not rrad this charmingly .UIus>
trated book you do not realize that the South
ern-Union Pacinc is the scenic route acroFS the
continent. You can E*t It from S. F. Booth,
Gen. Agt.. U.-F. R. R., 1 Montgomery street,
or any Sontb^rn Pariflc'aeent, who will. also
tell you* all' about the Overland Limited. * .
"Sights and Scenes 'From the .Carl
Windows." I
Widow Inherits Estate.
The will of T. E. Thebcrath. which
disposes of an estate worth $100,000,
was filed for probate yesterday. His
widow. Annie Theberath, is named as
sole devisee.
Finance— Mead, Heald. Lyons; building and
repair*— WalliB, Bull.. Spiers: library— Beanr
ston. Spauldlngr, Wagoner; lectures and classed
Von Geldern,- Ford. Beanston; printing, and
advertising— Mauzy. . Von Geldern. .Neal; pa
vilion — Neal, W'allls.- Mead ; new library; build-
Ing — Wagoner. Mead, Ford. Neal. . Spnuldlng;
membershlpr-Bull. Lyons,;; Spier*;! constitution
and by laws— Ford. - Bcanstpn, ; Mauzy; manage
ment—Lyons, 1 : Bull," Wagoner, . Heald;-* Mauzy;
exhibits — Spiers. Von Gfcldern. Ford; machinery
— WalliB. Mead. Spiers: art— Heald. Neal,'
Spauldlng; music— Mauzy, ¦ Bull. Von- Geldp.rn;
tickets and admissions — Spaulding, • Lyons,
At a meeting of the trustees of the
Mechanics' Institute President Taus
sig announced that he had appointed
the following committees for the year:
Appoints Committees.
Interrogatories Agreed Upou.
The interrogatories to be put to Dr.
A. H. Garnett of Colorado Springs, |
Cclo., by a commission in regard to the!
case of Alexander B. Garnett, charged |
with the murder of Major J.. W.
McClung, were settled In Judge Law
lor's court yesterday. They bear prin
cipally on the question of the defend
ant's sanity.*
DENVER, Colo., April S.-^olonel
L. C. Ellsworth, a prominent pioneer
and wealthy citizen of Denver, died
to-day of paralysis. He was 72 years
of age.
Wealthy Denver Man Dies.
Death of an Old Resident of San Jose.
SAN JOSE, April 6. — Mrs. Rachael
B. Hummer, who had_ resided in this
city for thirty-three years, died to-day
at the age of 78.
LONDON, April 6. — Thomas Mc-
Govcrn, Nationalist member of Par
liament for the West Division of Ca
van, Ireland, died to-day at Cavan.
Member of Parliament Dies.
In New York city schools one thou
sand children have trachoma.
Reis Jr., Miss Bowie, ' Miss Fanny
Arques. L. Paschel, Morton Clark,
Miss Nicholson, O. Hicks and Miss
Kendal.
Mr. and Mrs. Stent will leisurely jour
ney across the country and embark for
Europe, where they • will wander over
the interesting countries of the older
civilization.
As the town clock told 9 last. night
the silence of Grace Church was in
vaded by clanking soldiery, bent on
doing honor to one of the prettiest
brides of the season, for long have the
daughters of the Kent household been
famed for their beauty.
Arms were stacked at the chancel
rail;', flags were flung abouV pillars and
posts, and as for braid arid "brass but
tons the showing couldn't have been
more brave— nor ' more / impressive.
Army weddings ) certainly .1 possess . a
style all their own and Lieutenant Gil
bert Allen's fellow .'officer's honored him
signally. : ' v V'; . '...!'
When the organ burst .forth in 'the
solemn strains, of "Lohengrin" the
church was fllled^-and filled to over
flowing—with some very" well bon
jieted women, and not a few, handsome
men, who disdained not to turn' about
their well-groomed headi f to behold the
bridal pageant thusly 'announced.
What a fascinating picture!. First
came the ushers, - then ' Mrs. Malcolm
Graham, matron of honor, .superb in a
white crepe robe with Irish, point, fol
lowed by Miss Kathleen r Kent, the first
maid, likewise in : .white,-. then the | four
maids in blue— MissFlorence.Cole, Miss
Jane Wilshire, Miss Mattie /Melton and
Misa'Louise Hall— all p'retty maidens
and of fetching style. The bride," Miss
Ether Kent, was sweet andradiant and
beautifully, gowned.. ,; X
Lieutenant Allen was attended at the
altar rail by Captafn Helms 6r the Nine
teenth, while Captain Enochs, Captain
[Bradford, Dr. V Brieshman; ' Lieutenant
Wetheril and Lieutenant; Shinkle
served as ushers— 7all of 'whom arrived
yesterday from the Washington posts,
Forts .Wright and Vancouver.
- The nuptial ceremony was performed
by Right 'Rev. William \Ford Nichols,
assisted by Rev. D. J. Evans, the new
rector of Grace Church. „ . j;;. .
After - the services, to which 800 . in Ti
vita'tions had ibeen : issued, the bridai
party and the relatives Jield, a': reception
at , the Kent "home ; on -Washington
street. | ;* • / -
The * young officer and ; his ' bride . will
visit : Southern California 1 " on their
honeymoon trip. *-;-;»... ;
Hirschfield Under Investigation.
r To-n!ght.vMark- Hopklrw.Tlnatitutft^of/Art. , 8
till ; 10.1- A'zo o:*n. dally.' 'Admission.. 25c. • .
; E. Hirschfield was "arrested yester
day • morning J-; by Detectives _ Bunnw
and ' Freal 'and locked up Jh «"thV tanks"
at the , City - Prison* -• He; was wanted
for stealing a - bicycle, ,'and when
searched . at < the City '< Prison, : two ? gold
•watches i that hatT. been", stolen '. from ' the
room 3 of "James i McQueenie,'. 930 }£: Mis
sion street, ,were • found \ in fhis pockets.
Hejvill be held pending. further inves
tigation. , -'ViV-'V :•- >
Concert and i.Pictore./ Show.
Physician Dies of Heart Disease.
MADERA, April 6. — Dr. Thomas
Osborn, an old and respected citizen
of this place, dropped dead this after
noon of heart failure. He was a na
tive of Indiana, aged 80 years, and
was an early settler here.
OAKLAND, April 6. — Mrs. Augusta
Rosenburg, aged 66 years, died Mon- |
day afternoon at her home, SI 2% j
Twelfth street, leaving a husband, Mi- 1
chael Rosenberg, and five children — i
Mrs. H. Cohn.^Mrs. A. E. Trimble. Mrs. j
B, Jacobs, Samuel C. and Rudolph !
Rosenburg. The deceased has resided •
in this city about twenty-five years, j
Old Resident Dead.
St. Rose's Choral. Society gave an
entertainment and concert in Native
Sons* Hall last evening for the benefit
of St. Rose's School. The perform
ance was opened with a few remarks
from Jeremiah A. Sullivan, chairman
of the evening. The programme for
the evening included many good vo
cal numbers, recitations and a one-act
farce entitled "The Two Puttyfoots."
The cast of characters was as follows:,
¦ Mr. P.uffles. F. C. Shaugnessy; Peggy (Buf
fl<w' ¦ housekeeper), .Miss Mary Kelly;-. Mrs.
FIgsby (Buffles' landlady). Miss Mary Fabian;
Carolyn (Duffles' nie*ce). Miss Mae Hellman;
Putty foot Jr.. J. A. ' Sullivan: Puttyfoot Sr.,
Jamfs Richardson. >'
Choral Society Gives Entertainment
and Concert in. Aid of St. vf j;.,;
Rose's School.
AMATEURS PERFORM IX
CAUSE OF EDUCATION"
Several lumber dealers addressed the
board and stated in extenuation that
they had not sufficient' yard room for
their lumber and were compelled to
use the sidewalks. The board informed
the dealers that all lumber obstructing
sidewalks must be removed therefrom.
The bo*ard considered the report of
the Bureau of Engineering that two
contractors— J. G. Harncy and A. B.
Clu^e— had signed up the property own
ers for private contracts for improv
ing Clement street from Second to
Sixth avenue. Both petitions con
tained in, many instances the same sig
natures, and what added to the com
plexity of the situation the Board of
Works itself had proceeded tu do the
work on the crossings under . public
contract. After discussing the matter
it was agreed between the two con
tractors to divide the work up.
The board adopted a resolution that
it is expedient £o improve Nineteenth
avenue from Trccadcro Gulch to Ocean
avenue, the land of which was^deeded
to the city by the Spring Valley Wa
ter Company, the estimated cost being
$2500.
The temporary employes were ap
pointed for a period of thirty days, with
the exception of those in the /school
repair department, who arc new un
der the jurisdiction of the Board of
Education. ' ;
" w. R. Fltzmorris and C. H. Board
man werej'formally appointed draughts
men to aid in the work of preparing
maps for display at the St. Louis Ex
position.
The salary c-f L. Meehan, watchman
at the City Hall, was raised to $90 per
month. L *
The Board of Public Works yesterday
cited a number of lumber dealers to
appear and explain why lumber is al
lowed to obstruct the sidewalks in the
vicinity c-f Townsend and other streets.
The board stated that many millions of
feet of lumber are stored on the public
sidewalI-3 and that it was intended
to order them to be cleared in the same
manner as had been done with those
in ; the business, fruit and warehouse
districts. V
Hoard of Works Informs Dealers That
Maintenance of Obstructions Will
Xo Longer Be Tolerated?
SIDEWALKS MUST BE
' CLEARED OF LUMBER
Sixteen "John Doe" warrants were
procured' by the police department
from' Police Judge Fritz yesterday for
the arrest of violators of the poolsell
ing ordinance. The warrants are
aimed against men who use hand
books.
Will Raid Poolsellers.
SALINAS. April 6. — Samuel Hamil
ton, one of the oldest settlers in the j
Salinas Vallej\ died at his home in |
King City Monday night. Hfe was 74
years old and leaves a wife and eight |
children. He recently celebrated the ;
fifty-fourth anniversary of his mar- |
riage. The remains were brought to j
Salinas to-day and will be interred in i
Cypress Lawn Cemetery- ;
Salinas Valley Pioneer Dead.
HONOLULU. March 29. — William
H. Coney, city editor of the Evening
Bulletin, died last Friday morning
after an illness of only six days, begin
ning with an attack of the grip. Pneu
monia developed and heart disease
made the case fatal. Coney was part
Hawaiian and was the only one of his
race actively engaged in the newspaper
field, in which he was highly success
ful. He was "1 years of age. At the
time of his death he was secretary of
the Republican Territorial Central and
Executive committees and he was a
proficient newspaper writer In both
Hawaiian and English.
Hawaiian Editor Is Dead.
Among the passengers that arrived
here yesterday on the liner Ventura
was A. E. Watson^ Commissioner from
Sydney, New South - Wales, to the St.
Loufs Exposition, jj Mr. Watson . repre
sented colonial interests at the Chi
cago Fair, and has had other experi
ence in this kind of work. Part of the
New South Wales exhibit is already at
St. Louis. The remainder accompanied
Commissioner Watson on the Ven
tura.
The feature of the exhibit will be a
series of object lessons on the wonder
ful agricultural resources of the col
ony, which never showed to better ad
vantage than this year— a response to
the welcome rain. ,
Th,e New South Wales exhibit in
cludes-corn.-or maize, seventeen, feet
high and wheat stalks six feet tall.
Thirty-five bushels to; the acre is the
average wheat crop where these stalks
wero gathered. In addition to ' agri
cultural' specimens, the exhibit in
cludes many curios of historicaljnter
est. Commissioner Watson offered to
take some aborigines to St. Louis, but
the fair management did not encoup
age the idea and he. abandoned it.
The rain, which came to New South
Wales after many months of. drought,
has worked agricultural miracles, and,
according to Mr. .Watson, the colony
never harvested such big crops as those
being gathered to'-day.
COMMISSIONER TO ST. LOUIS KXTOSITIOX FnOil SYDNEY. WHO TELLS OF
RICH HARVEST THAT IS BEING GATHERED BY THE FARMERS OF NEW
SOUTH WALES SIXCE THE BREAK OK THE LONG DROUGHT.
in this he decided to return to Hono
lulu, where his wife and little girl are
living. For many years Mr. Bearwald
was secretary of the San Francisco
Schuetzen Club and he was a charter
member of the Honolulu lodge of Elks.
Besides the wife and little daughter,
who are hnre, the deceased leaves a
mother, three sisters and four brothers.
The sisters are Mrs. Wolf of Los An
geles and Mrs. Cohen and Mrs. Weiner
of San Francisco.
til about a year ago, when his health
began to fail. He went to the coast,
thinking to improve himself, but failing
HONOLULU. April «.— Jacob Bear
¦wald, formerly day foreman of Vat
Hawaiian Gazette Company, died at
sea on March 16. aboard the bark
Ka'ulani, \rhen returning here from
San Francisco. The body was con
signed to_the deep within sight of tha
inland of Oahu. Bearwald came here
about seven years ago from San Fran
cisco, remaining in the one position un-
Former San Franciscan Succumbs on
Way to Honolulu.
BElflLRWALD DIES AT SKA.
"All the world loves a lover." but
the world'is ecstatic over wedded lov
ers. And., what an elysium of nup
tial joy is hovering over, our burg at
the hour! Yesterday two
noteworthy weddings took' place— one,
the afternoon function, holding the
charm of an- exquisite .home .service,
and the evening nuptials,' the Allen-
Kent service. transcending most
church* ceremonies by its- martial fla
vor, flags, guns and brass buttons mak
ing it a splendid affair. , ,-•. .
' Miss Frances Harris; the bride of the
afternoon, is" the ¦ beloved niece . of Mr.
and Mrs. Christian iReis. arid in their*
charming home they gave into the
keeping of Ernest , A. Stent of New ,
York the. pride of their household. |
The ceremony ;was performed at 3 |
o'clock in the drawins-room u by the
Rev. Mr. Clampett .of Trinity, the
bride being attended by Miss Fanny
Arques, and the groom' by Ferdinand
Reis Jr. About; seventy-five % guests
witnessed the ceremony that .1
the twain' together? " '
The-bride with the.Titian hair never
looked so winsome as In her v robe of
shimmering satin, enveloped -in rarest
Venetian lace, bearing'in her arms a
huge bunch of orchids. A renaissance
picture/truly! : ; r-= : •.*: •
• Miss Arques. a lovely maid from the
Garden City, wore .a, smart frock of
pink chiffon, which' blended finely
with the pink roses- that bloomed
every where, and notably.iin' the wed
ding bell, green lending "is , tone of
gladness to. the roseate mass. A wed- j
ding breakfast was served in the din- j
ing hall, the -following guests sitting;
at the bride's table:; Miss Florence |
Bailey, -Dr. Pressley, Miss Wilson, Miss !
Helen Toy, Bayliss Clark, Ferdinand
Among . those present were: Miss
Christine Pomeroy, Miss Emily Caro
lan. Miss Cora • Smedbcrg; Misa Stella
McCalla, Miss Lucie Ccllier, Miss Helen
Chesebrough, Mi6s Anna Spcrry, Miss
Newell Drown, Miss Olga Athertoa.
Miss Ruth Allen, Miss Frances Allen,
Miss Emily Wilson, Miss Hazel King,
Miss Lucy Gwin Coleman, Miss Eliza
beth Huntington. Miss Linda Cadwal
lader, Miss Margaret Wilson, ¦ Mis3
Elizabeth Llvermore, Miss Lucie King,
Miss Gertrude Eells,: Miss Bessie Wil
son, Miss Gertrude Dutton, Miss Elsie
Dorr, Miss Margaret' Newhall, Miss
Helen Bailey, Miss Helen BowJe, Miss
Beth Allen, Miss Florence Gibbons, Miss
Elsie Tallant. And the hosts were Her
bert Baker, Philip Baker, Thomas
Berry, Wilbur Burnett, Otis Burrage,
William Denman, Ben Dibble, Robert
Eyre, William = Gpldsborough, Count P.
L. Grimani, Edward Howard, Percy
King, Frank King, Allen Kittle, Har
vey Lindsay, NO'rmah Liverfnore, Dr.
William Lyster, Athol McBean, Brock
way ; Metcalf.,, William | Page. Sidney
Pringle, Gerald Rathbone, Harry H.
Rousseau, Sidney Salisbury, Harry
Stetson, Coppee Thurston, Wharton
Thurston, Cyril Tobin, Wilberforce Wil
liams, Allan Wright, John M. Young
and Aimer Newhall.
Here's to the Bachelors. ' May they
live long and prosper, and give a few
more such clever functions. ¦
The committee, that , performed the
clever role of hosts, and did it prettily,
consisted of Wharton -Thurston, Wil
bur. Burnett, Percy King,- Robert Eyre,
Gerald Rathbone, Dr. | William Lyster,
Wilberforce Williams, Thomas Berry,
William D. Page, Sidney, Salisbury, C.
M. Howard; Jr.. and John- M. Young.
And | they left nothing -unattended
to that could 'add to the success of
this most beautiful" of bachelors' balls.
The patrdnesses who received ." the
guests^ were: Mrs. James M. Allen,
Mrs. E. L. Eyre, Mrs. J..G. Kittle, Mrs.
Bowman McCalla; Mrs. Mary Newhall,
Mrs. John Parrott." Mrs. C. f P. Pomeroy
and Mrs. Russell J. Wilson. '
The ivory ballroom at the. Palace was
agleam with light last night, when the
bachelors— the gay, debonair, bache
lors—gave a ball In* honor ¦ of r the dear,
dainty debutantes who' constitute 'the
personnel of the Gayety QlUtft to which
organization the nieri ; are deeply in
debted for— well, 'for many -courtesies
during, the winter. And .thereby have
the men j honorably, . settled '• the score,
andj handsomely.,". And '/what ; a merry
time those T maidens had! ' <
. -The gowns- were; fresh! as pink rose
petals, and ; as pretty. . So were the
maidens. / . ] : ,.l. ?
The music "was good and the supper
a delight, served as usual -In the Mar
ble.and Maple rooms. ! .-> ;. : =
By Sally, Sharp.
Xo lawyer at tie San Francisco bar
was more respected by its members and
others who knew him than Daniel
Rogers. Firm, modest, punctual and
punctilious in the performance of his
professional and civic duties, he easily
won and maintained a reputation for
unquestioned integrity. TVhile engaged
in general civil practice he gave much
attention to probate matters and was
the trusted attorney for many large
estates, that of Jose Vicente de La
veaga, which recently was settled by
the Supreme Court, being the last.
Mr. Rogers was elected to the Leg
islature of California and served during
the sessions of 1S39-60. and was again
elected in 1874. In 1S92 he was elected
a Supervisor of this city and county,
but declined a renomination. He Ieave3
one son, Laussat R. Rogers, an archi
tect, of Washington and Philadelphia.
In colonial and later times many
members of Daniel Rogers' family were
distinguished lawyers. He was named
for his grandfather, who was prom
inently Identified with the history of
Delaware and was one of Its early Gov
ernors. His father, James Rogers, was
Attorney General of Delaware for
twenty years.
D&nlel Rogers, one of the early law
yers of this city, died on the 2»th
ultimo at his boyhood home near New
Qistlt, Del. Mr. Rogers came to San
Francisco In 1S54 and Joined his brother,
Robert C Rogers, in a law partnership
•which existed for thirty years— R. C. A
D. Kogrers being one of the leading law
firms of this city. Upon the retirement
of his brother from the firm Daniel
Rogers continued the practice of his
profession at the old offices, northwest
corner of Montgomery and Merchant
streets, until two years ago, when he
returned to Delaware to end his re
maining days.
DEBUTANTES
GAYLY FETED
BY BACHELORS
DEATH SUMMONS
DANIEL ROGERS,
PIONEER LAWYER
IMMENSE CROPS FOLLOW
BREAK OF LONG DROUGHT
ATE. Watson, Commissioner to St. Louis From Sydney,
Tells of the Rich Harvest That Is Being Gathered; by
Farmers of New South Wales, Whom. He Will Represent
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY. -APRIL: -7.;: 1901..
7
ADVEBTISEMEKTS.
ELECTRO-CHEMISTRY CURES
\ F. CURISTOFFElisE.V,
A 333 Pennsylvania Ave.. . -
"» . San Francisco.
San Francisco Proof:
"I contracted a severe cough* In spite of all
two family- doctors could do. the coush contin-
ued to grow worse and I found myself rapidly
running -Into consumption. I bad no relief
night or day. I was losing flesh and utrength
rapidly and I believe that consumption had al-
ready set In." Fortunately. • I heard of th.«
Electro-Chemic treatment for such cases anil
I went, to the Electro-Chemlc Institute. I1-*
Grant ave.. for" examination "and, advice. The
Electro-Chemlc specialist told me that Electro-
Chemistry could cure me. I believed him and
Immediately began . the treatment. In two
months' - time I have -been thoroughly 'cured.
My cough is gone,- the afternoon fevers hav«'
gone, 'my appetite and strength nave 'returned
and ¦ I ¦ have regained all ~ of my. lost weight;
there is no pain In my lungs and I feel per-
fectly well in every way. I know that the
Electro-Chemlc treatment saved my I If*.
(Signed) ¦ F. CHRISTOFFERSEN,
33.'! Pennsylvania Ave.
FURTHER PROOF.
To demonstrate to the afflicted why
and. how Electro-Chemistry . cures Cn-
tarra, Consumption, Asthma. Bronchitis.
Deafness, Kinging Ears, Bhenmatlnn.
Paralysis. - Brisrht's Disease. Diabetes.
Diseases ' of tha : ntomach. - I.lver ~. and
Bowels, Diseases of the- Blood and Skin
and Special Diseases of Men and Women.:
we > will •.without tu>st:give every patient
calling upon .us
V-»._-v _^ __<_ CONSULTATION.
Lh IJ I^h It* ¦.-. examination*
1 *V sW f^4 and . TKE^\T3I ENT.
SOME ;TREATMENT. : di'unce should 'try't*
come: for a personal examination. .. When this
is impoeslble. write the. full description of all
nymptoms' and full instructions regardlnK the
home «< examination and ¦ • treatment will . b«
promptly; forwarded free • of. charge.'
ELECTRO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE
t ; 1 1 8 G ranf A«. ; , Cor/ Post , St.
- SAN" FRANCISCO. -
- Of flee ¦ hour*- 1 - 9 a"m. ti>"S p. m,' SAd T .' to - 8
p m.' daily: Sunday?. 10a.; m. to 1 p<m..- ...
- Separate apartments for ladles aad centiwaco.
Kearay aod Sitter Sts. C^S^^a^ •
A Most Exceptional .Sale of :
Ladies' Plannclette Kimonas
- , (Third vio*t Xjtaxmj St.)
Sale starts with an immense assortment to choos*
from. You t wili:b£;astonished at the low prices when you see
how stylish and weji made these comfortable house garments are.
Dressing Sacfifues made of pretty Long Kimonas of Flannelette, to
figpred; Flannelettes,' with .plain pretty Persian designs; these are ex-
borders; real value- |iloo- yEp ctptonaliy well made and C I
each, sale price . : : ". : ... ..... I Uu worth $2.00, sale price . . 4) I . L D
Short Kimonas.ifiade of excellent Rfpple Eiderdown Sacques.lared,
quality Flannelette,. ;\yith sailer gray, blue or pink, with crocheted
collar and sleeves v neatly QCp edges and ribbon bow at the "7Cf» v
trimmed ; worth $1.50, at. . 30u neck: worth Ji-co, salt price /Ob
35c and 50c Venisc Lace Stock: Collars, on sale at 25c Eacfc
Black Dress Goods ;(8£!ftO
In Black Dress 'Goods' we aim to give you the best values -
possible— always/^ These four specially, desirable weaves
offered for .to-day's; selling are among the best we ever had.
5o-inch Mohair Sicilians, in black 44-inch Black Chiffon Crepe — a
or navy blue, extra, heavy quality; rich silk and wool, material, for"
real value 85c yard, -our: Cflp summer gowns, real' ff j OC
price ..'..... UUu value $1. 75 yard, at.... $ I .&w
46-inch Black { Natt£ Voile —-a 46-inch Black Chiffon Voile — an
beautiful light weight .fabric, in an exquisite ail wool fabric in thenew
entirely new weave; real C I Hfl tissue effect; real value ff I tft
valu«fi.5oyard, at... . «J) I -UU $2.00 yard, at ... 4) I . *J U
I Ladies' Silk Gloves, double tipped fingers, 50c, 75c, $1.00
Art Scarfs and Squares 1/4 Off
". ' (Second Floor Kearsy St.)
These handsome imported Scarfs and Squares are elabo-
rately worked in German cross stitch on cream scrim
and canvas in the most beautiful of floral and conventional
designs. All offered to-day at one-quarter off the regular
marked prices. '. V
ART SQUARES --; suitable for ART SCARFS — for side board
. table and stand . covers, center and bureau, also used for tabla
pieces, etc. Now.bn.sale at runners. Now on sale at - '
$1.35, $1.85, $2.00 and $2.45 each. $1.85, S2.45, $3.00 and $3.65 each.
New Silks for Shirt Waist Suits, at T5c and $1.00 a Yard I
Ladies' Knitted Blouse Jackets
.; ¦ ; (Third Floor Ke«ray St.»
Ladies' Knitted Blouses are' the accepted garments for
golfing, boating, horseback riding and general summer use.
These we offer to : day are made of fine quality Dresdner yarn,
with new full sleeves and trimmed with pearl but-
tons. Colors areNWhite, Black, Navy Blue and CO flfl
Red. Your choice while quantity lasts at.i... 3>0.UU \
Dotted Tuxedo Veils, with Cluster Borders, all Colors. 35cv
Ladies' Silk Undervests Gi^vzo
Right at the beginning of the season you v.LH find t us^
splendidly equipped to meet your every . wa'it, in Seasonable )
Underwear— and prices are most moderate.
TWO- 'SPLENDID VALUES TO-DAY:
Imported Spun Silk Vests, Swiss Handsome Pure Silk Vestv with V
ribbed, with pretty yokes crocheted elaborately hr*od . crocheted yokes;
by hand, in cream, pink ff I flf\ in cream, pin & or. blue; <TO Cfil"
or blue, special at...:.. , «]) I ¦UU. best value ever off ere J at O£-w }J
I Write for our New Spring Catalogue. We Mail it ri'ec. lL
.*' ADVEB.TISZ2ILEKTS*
MUNYO^fS
PAW-PAW
JUST THE
TONIC
YOU NEED
• " PURIFY
THE BLOOD
And drive out Catarrh, Rheuma-
tism and all other Blood Disor-
ders by using
: MUNYON'S
PAW=PAW
All Dp jggists. ;
Small babies quickly grow to j
large babies when fed on Mel- j
lin's Food. Mellin's Food j
furnishes material for growth, j
A' sample of Mellin's Food costs you nothing J
but the asking;. Will you not then ask for t
it for your baby's sake ? !
MELLIN'S POOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS- i
_ M| _ r 1
ATTRACTIVE
WEDDING
GIFTS
AT -
S. & G. GUMP CO.
| ART STORE.
\ 113 GEARY STREET.
Good Cooking
at home — not dear cooking — but
economical and appetizing cooking •
is made possible in every kitchen by
using a little
LSEBIG
COMPANY'S !
Extract of Beef . j
Perfect Fitting \j{\
Eyeglasses c-M
At Moderate Cast (\
y^2
THE' HOME OF THE COSMOPOLTTANVANb, THE '"TWENTIETH CENTURY
HOME." •IKVINOTON. NEW YORK.
' An attempt by John Brisben; Walker to review
l ; 2 ; N 'some of the possibilities: in the event of England, 7
Q France «-ind perhaps other nations becoming involved.
§5g ¦*..:-¦¦ -- *(iv?.' ¦¦¦: -— — — ¦¦¦-.-¦ ¦'¦'•¦¦ •¦•¦• '-'¦¦'>.v-..
«1 • Pius.X and some of the Problems of His Pontifi-
K» SIS catc by a distinguished French prelate. ¦"•. . , , ,•¦¦¦'
2 S 1^
3 S H. G. Wells' extraordinary story reaches a" climax *
5 ' of. scientific wonders.
Jft •"¦; ; -. -:.. -¦•¦•.-..-¦ — — r '¦;¦'¦ .'- -••¦"-'¦;./. ."-.••
• ,Q -Mrs. Richard -Mansfield on .New York: Audiences.
W / . In the Cosmopolitan for April. Price,. 10 Cants.
: . ™« -April "TWENTIETH CENTURY : HOME- VV
fc Q) is a magazine .
& For Women wJw Measure tliew Lives
Sfc^SsS It is not a least of many trifling dishes— of , little
5t«5^ of, knowledge on side plates;>but of. a ,few;veryj
©;ik well cooked dishes. 1 • ,, > • t N. .;'>¦¦
ifcjv-s^^ ¦ Asidc^ from jits, many pages, of entertainment^ Jor .
< J^ 5 its readers and! illustrations, it prscnts . ;¦ -, >.
A Few Thoughts ' \ /*. . .
flk O .Important, /Well Stated, ..?. - /. . : ' v
-^O- f - '-' Full of Virility and '-Tnttli.,: ' _
h ;; On all News-stands. Prloe, W (Bents,, It is not improbable that the city may -purchase Sutro
Heights, as measures have been taken to ¦ protect the
rights of ; the municipality, under the will of Sutro,- as a
preferred ''purchaser. The beautiful place may be. made
one* of the sh'ow_ spots of the globe and under libr ral
and intelligent direction; could be madeone of the most
'famous j public gardens; of the American continent, v
CALIFORNIA — D. M., Mateo, Dare
County. N. C. The etymology of the
name California is uncertain. Some
writers afe of the opinion thai It is
derived from two Latin words. Cal id 3.
Fornax: or, in the. Spanish, caliente
fornalla— a hot furnace; but , Michael
Venegas, a Mexican Jesuit. In "Natural
and Civil History of California." 1755.
Is of the opinion that the Spanish dis
coverers did not name the new' found
land in this pedantic fashion, but that
"the name owes its origin to some acci
dent; possibly' to some words spoken
by . the Indians and ' misunderstood by
the Spaniards.'.' Hittell,*, In^ his history
of California, ; credits '; Cortex ' with
haying given the name California to
that \ territory now known as Lower
California. May 1, 1535. The name ap
pears in "Serga de EsplandlaV a ro
mance, published twenty-five years be
fore; that date, referring to an Island
supposed to* be west of the Indies.
Townsend's California GUer fruits and
choice candles.". In * artistic ' ¦' fl re-etched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends.
71b Market street, above Call building. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Mala 1041, •
It \ is no ; less interesting than significant that not : a
single member of the California delegation in Congress
figures discreditably in the various reports upon official
dishonesty . in ; connection with the postal frauds. They
were" proof against disloyalty to: the people they repre
sent and their conduct has made California unique in
'another of those phases of public lifethat win applause!
THE House has been entertained and the country
interested by an issue-making speech from Con
gressman Livernash. When Livernash makes an
issue all other issues hunt their holes. His issues are
made with a club, cut out with a cleaver and hammered
into shape with a maul. When finished they are wonder
ful to look upon, and fearful. His special issue was the
closed shop for American labor. Taking the Miller case
as a text, he went at President Roosevelt like an indict
ment of many counts. His argument was a mixture' of
prophecy, and war whqbp, and language came: from
him like .the gory -mixture of lean and fat that flows
from a sausage machine.
Being the champion of equal? rights for all,^ or. as the
legend appears on the title page; of Mr. Hearst's cafn^
paign biography, "Equal opportunities for all: special
privileges for none." he raised his. frenzied i arm and
clenched fist against the President for saying that places
under the civil service in Government employ are ! open
to all who" can pass the examinations, get certified fon
the eligible list and be called by the nominating officer^
because that is the law. Mr. Livernash requires the
President to hold,' notwithstanding the; law, that such
placesVare ; open only .to those who, are members of
tain organizations having the power to' deny membeT
ship and therefore to prevent eligibility; ;Ouf>; Con-
. There Is one kind of: fishing In the
United States in which diving armor Is
used. It is the abalone fishery of this
State.
The abalone is a shellfish which
grows so firmly, attached to rocks that
it is quite Impossible to tear It off- with
any automatic apparatus that : has yet
been devised. The only way in which
the abalone can be taken. is by diving
down to it and separating it from the
rock ¦ with a chisel. !
The shellfish 'used to be ' gathered iby
divers, mostly Japanese and . Chinese,
who dived* without suits, and at times
these men got their hands into the open
shell of an- abalone/ which would "then
close on them I with the result thatbe
fore they could free ? themselves : they
would drown.
Now. the divers go down in regular
rubber armor, and' as! they can work
in ' from twenty to twenty-five feet
of water - and ' remain down : any de
sired time they make much bigger
hauls than the fishermen used to. .
'•¦'They; -take •, netted bags -.with: them
and -\ put ;the abalones in as " they . pry
them off! * : These -bags • are hauled ",up
on signal, arid; returned empty. ,' . ¦;¦;
' The abalones are taken from the shell
at once and all refuse matter Us ire-
Fishing With Armor.
NOW COMES LIVERNASH.
BUSINESS HOUSE— M. C. B., Green
dale, . Cal. , This department does not
advertise the location of any business
house. Questions of that nature should
be accompanied by a self -addressed
and stamped envelope.
MINERALOGIST— C. L.. Bangor. Caf.
The State Mineralogist of California Is
L. E. Aubury, whose term expires Feb
ruary 25, 1905. His office Is in the Union
Ferry building, San Francisco.
Neither the Republicans nor the Democrats have made
provision for a representation from the Philippines or
Porto Rico in the approaching national conventions. It
is well that this should be so. The people of our new
won possessions have troubles enough of their own with
out becoming involved in the nerve-racking squabbles of
American politics.
Old-time army mule' chauffeurs and
others '. who are cognizant of the effi
cacy of a clamorous cuss word In time
of trouble will be shocked to learn that
in Japan's vocabulary no, provision' Is
made for. the- fellow who wants to
swear. Whether ; a general wi th a tea
caddy title can really win j a great vic
tory without splitting the atmosphere
with a few choice oaths remains to be
seen— and if so, there's a heap of army
reminiscent history which, might well
be rewritten.— Sagebrush Philosophy.
A Fatal 'Deficiency.
PAPERS —W.- O., Hilton. CaL The
question in relation to the price of
newspaper is. not sufficiently clear to
enable one to determine what informa
tion is desired.
TOMMY RYAN— J. R.,- Byron Springs,
Cal. Tommy Ryan, the pugilist, was
born in Redwood. N. T., March 20. 1S70.
'Answers to Queries.
Why did the aristocracy of parent
age fail to hold its own? Why did it
die out in America and, practically
In all the British colonies?
It had every advantage at the out
set; it held the inside track. It failed
because two great laws of the universe
were against it— first, the laws of arith
metic, and, secondly, the laws of phys
iology. It violated the principles of
arithmetic because it required that each
individual or household should have a
distinct line 'of ancestors, and it would
thus be discovered in a few genera
tions that there were not nearly enough
ancestors to go around, leaving people
In the position of Mark Twain, who
declared that he had "no parents to
speak of,, only a father or mother, or
so." It was contrary to the laws of
physiology, as shown by the deteriora
tion of one royal family after another
in Europe, ; these having come to re
semble those English race horses which
have so much blood that there Is very
little horse, and It must be replenished
from a more plebeian stock. — Thomas
Wentworth Higginson, In the April At
lantic.
'Aristocracy of Birth.
A correspondent ot a redent "edition
of Lloyd's Weekly has ' expressed the
views of a ship doctor in the following
words: "Many travelers are in doubt
as to the position of the ship's doctor
in regard to his remuneration from
passengers for services rendered. The
merchant shipping act enacts that
every foreign going vessel having 100
persons on board or upward shall carry
on board as part of her complement a
duly qualified medical practitioner.
Furthermore, an emigrant ship — L e.,
a foreign going vessel which carries
fifty or more steerage passengers— must
have a medical man Irrespective of the
number of crew or of other passengers
carried. The salary of the doctor on
board Is commensurate with these du
ties to his ship. To any passengers
who are suffering from ordinary forma
of seasickness and Its concomitant
evils or who receive injuries which are
in any way due to the ship the doc-«
tor's services are free. For any sick-*
ness contracted before sailing' or dur
ing a voyage which Is not connected
with the above named conditions ho
is entitled to a remuneration at the
same rate as he would receive on shore.
Obviously It would be as .unfair., to
expect that his services to passengers
should be rendered gratis as It would
be for any visitor in a hotel or traveler
on a railway to expect to have" medical
attendance free in any illness for which
the hotel or railway authorities couldi
not be held responsible."
The Ship-'s Doctor.
When the decimal system of money
came into use in this country the small
est conceivable division of money rec
ognized was the mill, ten of which
made a cent, and therefore the mill
corresponds with the rin. ' But 100,000.
000 yen Is a tremendous sum in Japan,
where, according to the London Chroni
cle, "the wages of the skillful artisan
are not more than 3 yen a week."
Japan having set apart 100,000,000 yen
for war purposes. It became interest
ing to know the value of a yen. Japan
has a gold standard; but the yen is
of , silver currency and fluctuates with
the pric? of silver, so that at this time
100,000,000 yen scarcely means more than
£10,000,000, or $50,000,000. The Jap
anese currency system* is decimal.
The yen is divided into 100 sen; the
sen into 10 rin; the rin into 10 mo; the
mo into 10 shu, and the shu Into 10
kotsu. In trade the mo and shu, which
are Incredible minute fractions of a
farthing, sometimes figure, though
there is no cpin to represent them; but
the Government accounts only descend
to the rin. ¦
Japanese Money System.
When Police Officer Carl E. Kentz.
one of the newly appointed guardians
of the lives and property of the citizens
of Oakland, was detailed on his first
beat in the northern portion of the city,
near. Lake Merritt, he was told among
other things that if he heard the ser
geant's whistle while patrolling his beat
he should at once answer it, so that
the sergeant might be- able to locate
hlnii About a week after he had begun
regular duty Kentz was strolling along,
keeping,-, a sharp eye out for burglars
and other violators of the law, it being
Just about the hour at night when
these gentry begin to ply their trade,
when he suddenly heard the sharp trill
of a whistle. The alert officer paused
to get the direction of the sound and
again the rattle of the whistle broke
the stillness of the night.
Anxious to show his superior that he
was awake and \ attending ' to duty
Kentz put his own whistle to his lips
and answered, at the same time hurry
ing in the direction from which the
sound seemed to come. Again came the
sharp call and once more the patrol
man gave answer. This was repeated
several times and still Kentz seemed
no nearer to the mysterious whistler.
As he hurried along, wondering where
the sergeant could be, he caught the
flash of a star as a man in uniform
came around the next corner on the
run.' The newcomer proved to be Offi
cer Jack Gardiner, who panted as he
came galloping up, "What did you
whistle for?" ,.-.-.
"I was answering the .sergeant,"
said Kentz. "Harkl there he, goes
again!"
Gardiner listened for a moment and
then as the whistle was repeated he
burst into a roar of laughter. "Why,"
he said. to the now thoroughly angry
Kentz, "that isn't the sergeant whist
ling. It's one of those bir^s they call
night herons!" ,
¦ — •
The Sergeant's Whistle.
THE California . State Board of Trade has com
pleted arrangements for an excursion of California
business men to St. Louis, leaving this 1 city on May
13. The purpose of this is to have the most efficient and
intelligent aid possible in making at the St. Louis Expo
sition a demonstration of the interest existing in this
State in the vital matter of having the advantages of
California fully understood.
Many measures have been adopted in the same direc
tion. California has appropriated. $130,000 and has in
trusted to two commissioners the task of having a State
display at St. Louis that shall do credit to the common
wealth. The counties of California have supplemented
the appropriation of State money by raising large sums
and by making large collections of products to have
their localities represented. San Francisco is arranging
to have its own building on the model street, and to place
on exhibition therein much that is of interest, calculated
equally to instruct and to please.
The announcement by the (California State Board of
Trade is pleasing. Great advantages must accrue to
California by having its business men visit the exposi
tion in a body sufficiently large to make an impression.
Mr. Fletcher, the secretary of the California State Board
of Trade, reports that many prominent business men
have expressed their intention to go with the party.
Leading people of Honolulu have engaged accommoda
tions on the special train. The indications, therefore,
are that there will be no lack of business excursionists.
At St. Louis they will meet with visitors from every
part of the world. The world's keenest observers and
most logical thinkers will be there, intent upon learning
and ready to take advantage of all information to be ob
tained. . m N
To such the California business men will have a mis
sion. Conversant with every material interest in this
State and representing every section bounded by Cali-*
fornia State lines, they will carry the weight of authority
and possess trained readiness in imparting facts. The
hope is .expressed by the State Board of Trade that
¦every merchant, manufacturer and producer, owner of
realty or other person who has enthusiastic interest and
confidence in California will be in the party to travel
under the board's management.' There will be no limit
to the size of the special train. It will have cars enough
.to accommodate all. , • < .
The California State Board of Trade has the facilities
for making such an event one. of State importance. The
board has been engaged many years in advancing, by
every legitimate means, the welfare of California. It has
connections in the counties of the north, south, coast and
central' portions of the State." It is well supplied with
literature, with data of all sorts, with facilities for im
parting, essential .facts, and it is widely known in. the
East by reason of the extensive correspondence it has
maintained since it was organized for. the public good.
Its reputation has been strongly established by conser
vatism in statement and ability to supply accurate infor^
mation to all inquirers. . . < i7..; : '
The business men will be welcomed warmly at St.
Louis. By the time they arrive at the exposition the
installation of exhibits will have been largely if not en
tirely completed. The splendid buildings of the great
fair will be crowded with thousands of eager spectators.
The exposition season will still be so new that no one
will have had time to grow weary. Interest will be
keen and' piqued by the freshness, novelty and magni
tude of countless attractions. The season is also climati
cally well selected by the'State Board of Trade. Cali
fornia's State building of mission architecture, standing
on. a hill, and San Francisco's building, modeled after
the ferry building at the foot of Market street in this
city, will have become landmarks. The fame of Califor
nia will have been materially extended by the; displays
in these structures and in the great departments of agri
culture, horticulture, mines and mining, education — at
all points, it* brief, where there is a collection of. exhibits.
I There will be many intelligent questions to be asked, and
it will be to the interest of California to have them an
swered correctly. So the business men ,who go on the
excursion to be conducted by the California State Board
of Trade will,' while they kre enjoying a fine outing, have
opportunities to benefit California that ought not to be
1 neglected. .
FOR GREATER CALIFORNIA.
Several years before the Canterbury
Tales had even tentatively revealed,
themselves to their author, Chaucer
found himself called upon in his func
tion of i>oet to the court— for which
tradition pays he received dally a
•pitcher of wine and various other per
quisites—to celebrate in verse the be
trothal of Kins Richard II and Anne
of Bohemia. He was working at that
prriod upon his "Troilus and Cres
eyde," and of course was obliged to
lay that remarkable poem aside in
compliance with the royal command.
But the result of this step into the
realms of e^ithalamia was by no
means perfunctory, for in "The Parle
ment of Foules," Chaucer gave to the
English -f peaking world a flight of
famy which has not lacked imitators
during the five centuries of its exist
ence. Its motive was the assembling
ot birds on St. Valentine's day. and its
theme their debate as to which one of
her suitors was most worthy of the
beautiful "formell -eagle," in which
guise was represented the prospective
bride of England's monarch, who fig
ure? a? the •royal eagle." It is this
poem which is brought to our
present and immediate attention by
its i«=ue as the latest volume in the
PJverslde series cf limited editions. It
reveals itself to the casual eye as one
of the bes=t. most artistic and hand
somest examples of modern book
making prepared under the direction of
Mr. Bruce Rogers, and a close exami
nation simply intensifies and deepens
the impression made by a first glance
at its pages. The volume forms a thin
octavo of twenty-seven pages, and in
general appearance is designed as an
imitation of the French Gothic books
ot the fifteenth century, the printing
Ijcing done from fac-simile Gothic type
procured in Tarts. It is printed on
unbleached hand-made paper, with
rubricated page numbers, Initial letters
and paragraph marks, the two main
divisions? of the poem being indicated
by two illuminated Initials printed in
blue and heightened with gold. The
binding is in vellum boards, with the
vitle stamped in gold.
Except in the manner of its telling
:-.nd in 'the style of its English verse
The Parlement of Foules" is. of
course, not wholly original with Chau
i-er. It owes something, perhaps, to
the ••ParlTnens ties Oiseaux" of Marie
<le France, and woven into its fanci
ful conceits are ideas from the Som
nium Scipionis of Cicero, a description
of the Garden of Love from the "Te
seide" of Boccaccio, and an account
of Nature and her birds taken from
the Planctus Naturae of Alain de
rifle. Thrre are also suggestions of
Dante in the poem, but despite these
borrowings from foreign sources and
alien languages, it is as thoroughly
Chaucerian and English as are the
Canterbury Tales, and as clearly in
dicative of its author's progress in
knowledge and art.
The lyf no phort. the craft so Ion* to lerne.
Tttassay so fharp. eo hard the- crtnquerynee.
.These lines have become a part of
proverbial English speech .and . no
matter how often one may have read
the poem with which they open, one
will be certain to read it at least once
more in this unique, edition. Every
page of the volume suggests the early
days of English- literature and the
hours when the art of printing was,
although in its infancy, an art prac
ticed for its own and for beauty's sake
more than for the vulgar spreading
broadcast of printed sheets of paper.
To turn the pages of "The Parlement
of Foules" in its present guise is
something to be anticipated with es
prciaj pleasure by every genuine bib
liophile. The text, of which there are
fourteen manuscripts and one printed
edition (Caxton's) In existence that
rerve as authorities more or less com
plete, is in this instance based on the
manuscript. Gg. 4.27 in the Cambridge
University library. Three hundred and
1 wenty-flve , copies only have been
printed. . . .' '
The different phases through which
the American novel has passed during
recent years «ire vividly described in
an article by Robert Bridges In Col
lier's Weekly (March 12). ."It is a
very big country." he observes, "and
the appetite for fiction seems to be as
big bs the country. Millions of peo
ple must be fed with it and the pur
veyors of fiction, like expert cooks,
arc put to it to invent new dishes.
Some one concocts a new and tooth
some appetizer and straightway it be- !
ooincs the fashion. Then all the minor
pantry cooks roll up their sleeves and [
try to imitate it." We quote further:
•\Mor*» than a decade ago the State
novel became popular and we had
novels of Virginia, Louisiana, Geor
gia. Kansas, California — and so on
through the States and Territories.
Then a race element was Introduced
in dialect form, and negroes, Creoles,
Hoosicrs, Yankees, Chinamen, Irish
men, T-Koea -and 'Greasers all found
themselves" speaking strange and out
landish tongues in the pages of fic
tion. •
"When the confusion of tongues
prew oppressive the great American
business f**nse asserted itself and men
and women were revealed in fiction as
affected by the 'idols of the market
j)la<p. f For a time the broker was
the reigning hero—cool, resourceful
and Impudent. Then the miner (coal,
iron and gold) furnished a melo
dramatic element which was sure to
tuJminate in a strike. We had these
rTovpIu with every variety of back
ground, from the oil regions of Penn-
Literary Chat
Again they go into lukewarm water
to soak, and then they get another two
weeks' drying, which makes them hard
and solid and ready for market. By
that time they will have shrunk so in
weight that a lot that weighed 100
pounds when taken will weigh only ten
pounds when ready for sale.
moved. Then they are washed and
placed in a pickle over night.
The next morning they are boiled
and laid cm trays, which are placed in
the sun for half a day, after which
they are smoked. Then they are boiled
again and go out into the sun to -dry
for two or three weeks.
A woman was murdered in this city the other day by
her husband because she refused tg add to the burden
of her own support and that of her, children the main
tenance of her. worthless spouse. What, human punish
ment permitted in the administration of, civilized people
can meet such a horror cyise as this? Death for some
crimes is not punitive. ' &
WE had something to say recently about the
Northern California citrus belt, and the produc
tion of citrus fruits north of the Tehachapi. This
was made necessary by the comments of the Los An
geles Times on the year book of the State. Board of
Trade, in which the, fitness of the Northern fitrus belt
had been referred to.
Now comes the Pacific Fruit World, published in Los
Angeles, with this further reference to the subject:
"There is a peculiar idea existing in the minds of
some" very intelligent people that oranges cannot be
raised in Northern California, and when you tell them
that 2346 carloads of the possible 30,000 output were
raised and shipped from Central and Northern Califor
nia, they look at you as if they thought it was a Russian
war dispatch sent by the way of Paris. And again when
you tell them that the oranges arc a month earlier than
those from Southern California they seem inclined to
sa3', 'You're another.' Nevertheless the fact remains,
and while they are consumed in the State, yet the success
is so marked the planting of orange trees is not merely
a fad in the counties north of the Tehachapi, but a gen
uine business, because there has been a gain of 508 car
loads as compared with two years previous." -
This may be regarded as settling the matter, and as
an admission of the capacity of the Northern citrus
belt, and of the fact also that its pro/iuct is the earliest
to ripen. These things being adjusted, it remains for
all the citrus growers, from Oroville to San Diego, to go
forward and increase the State's output from its present
30,000 carloads a year to the 60,000 carloads which can
soon be produced, and by studying markets and trans
portation get such facility in handling the crop as to
make every tree yield a profit. The California orange
can be made as common and as much sought in the
American market as the apple was fifty years ago. The
growers have recently had a conference with the rail
road companies on the question of rates and routing.
The growers asked for the same rate on oranges as that
on lemons, which is $1 per hundred pounds.
A railroad officer in the conference said that he under
stood that the lower lemon rate had not furnjshed any
relief, and that lemon orchards were being grubbed out.
To this Mr. Naftzger replied that the lemon business is
profitable only on a large scale. Lemons in the same
orchard ripen every month and every day in the year, in
California, and are profitable only when raised in blocks
large enough to warrant the employment of continuous
labor, in every department of the business. He declared
that large lemon plantations are in a most prosperous
financial condition, and if any trees are being taken out
it is in the case of small plantations. But he added that
the growers on a small scale, when associated in the
same region, are adopting the plan of associated employ
ment of labor, which enables them to make the same
profit. as the large single orchards.
These are important revelations. Most of the agricul
tural industries of the United States; employ labor fit
fully. It is needed in seed time and at harvest, and be
tween times the demand slackens. An industry that re
quires continuous and unbroken use of the same volume
of labor is most desirable, and if the transportation rate
on lemons result in the expansion of that industry, the
railroads, by conceding that rate, have made an impor
tant contribution to the welfare of the State, in giving
stability and continuity to the employment of labor. " ,
Citrus fruits are less perishable than deciduous fruits.
Their keeping quality permits a better accommodation
to *.he demands of the market, and the supply can reach
a more distant demand. When the isthmian canal is
i ; nished, there is no reason why California citrus fruits
! may not seek a market, in Europe. Before our produc
tion was an appreciable quantity in the market, fruit
steamers loaded with the oranges and lemons of Sicily
and passed through the Mediterranean and crossed the
Atlantic to supply the American demand. Fast steamers
can load with these fruits at San Francisco and South
ern California ports, for the British Isles and Continental
! ports, and 'reach the market at a season when it is bare
of the European product. A study of markets and
methods will probably finaHy utilize profitably, every
acre of the two California citrus belts, and give, the State
¦ the full benefit of its longest orange season in the world.
i There is no reason why. there should not be trans-'
j ferred to this industry, its interests and its. products the
I same zeal that once ran to gold mining in this State, and
then to stock raising and after that to wheat farming.
Each of those industries was organized and took hold
upon finance and credits, and was felt by the bankers
and business men of all kinds. Having the climate, the
water lor irrigation and the skill to produce, an indus
try that had no standing twenty- five years ago and now
exports 30,000 carloads a year has in it the most im
pressive possibilities.
A very small girl with bright blue
eyes and a happy smile was the central
figure of attention at an informal
luncheon given by the wife of a prom
inent newspaper man one day last
week. v
The little tot la the daughter of
the hostess' most intimate friend and
throughout the meal she kept, the en
tire company in uproarious laughter
with her bright remarks and witty say
ings.
Finally when the meal was over and
the 'guests had arisen from the table
the hestess went up to the little girl
and after , affectionately kissing her
said: "Dorothy, dear, what would you
say now if I were to ask you if you
wouldn't like to come out for a ride
in the park with me?"
Before the child had a chance to
answer the question the husband of the
hostess entered and having overheard
the question quickly asked: "But what
would you say if I were to ask you
to "come out In the park with me?"
Without the slightest hesitation the
baby girl looked up into the man's eyes
and replied, "I'd say 'buttinsky!' "
Precocity.
An edition of "The "Virginian," with
a number of stage pictures, will app'car
early next month. - Mr. Wister's '¦• novel
•will also, by the way, inaugurate The
Macmillan scries of novels in paper
covers, which promises to be one of
th« largest enterprises ot
the year.
Mrs. Humphry Ward, author of
"Lady Hose's Daughter," Is so en
thusiastic over the success of the va
cation school she has established in
London that she wants to see the Idea
carried still further. "What; we hope
to see some time." said Mrs. Ward
recently, "is the organization of a Lon
don League of Play for the capturing
of . children's playtime.^ I should like
to 6ee evening play centers established
in every district in London, in all the
parks and open spaces. ¦ with a super
intendent of playgrounds. I regard thla
as the natural complement of the
school education the children are al
ready receiving and as of equal im
portance." Mrs. Ward's school was in
spired by an article she read in Har
per's Magazine, describing the vacation
schools in New York.
Mark Twain is not studying Italian;'
he does not consider it necessary, even
though he is domiciled in Florence for
some time to come. "I cannot speak
the language," he recently explained.
"I am too old now to learn how, also
too busy when I am busy, and too in
dolent when I am not; wherefore some
will imagine that I am having a dull
time of It But It is not so. The 'help'
are all natives; they talk Italian to
me, I answer in English. I do not un
derstand them, they do not understand
me; consequently no harm is done and
everybody is satisfied. In order to be
Just and fair Tthrow in an Italian word
when I have one." Mark Twain re
cently gave a half-hour's humorous
lecture on Italian grammar in the
Rinuccini Theater at Florence for the
benefit of the British relief fund.
Nathaniel Hawthorne was born on
the 4th day of July, 1S04. This year,
therefore, marks the hundredth anni
versary of his birth. To commemorate
this event of world-wide importance
Dodd, Mead & Co. are to issue Haw
thorne's best work, "The Scarlet Let
ter," certainly the greatest novel writ
ten by an American, in an edition lim
ited to 125 copies on Japan paper and
one copy on vellum. The letter press
will be an exact reimpression of the
original edition. There will be fifteen
original colored illustrations, all full
page, by A- Romandi and C. Graham.
The, volume will be in a special bind
ing. Altogether a most appropriate
and worthy memorial of America's rep
resentative man of letters. .. ' .'¦ ¦'¦!.
The purpose of Mr. Dawson's book is
to show that there is a strong cult of
Matthew Arnold, and why this cult
must prevail. Briefly, this cult stands
for idealism. Matthew Arnold was a
man who combined with poetic insight
the judgment of the thinker and the
practical sense of the world of affairs.
A book of unusual interest is prom
ised in the near future by Ahe Put
nams, devoted to the philosophy of
Matthew Arnold. The title is "Mat
thew Arnold, an Exposition and a
Criticism." The author is William
Harbutt Dawson. who has already
made a name for himself, especially in
Kngland. for his previous works, which
include "German Life in Town and
Country," in the popular "European
Neighbors'* series.
A new generation has arisen since
Matthew Arnold was as a voice crying
in the wilderness. Already the censure
which divided the praise bestowed
upon him during his lifetime has been
forgotten, with the more acute of the
controversies which he provoked, and
the «ssufts involved can, therefore, now
for the first time be weighed dispas
sionately.
"Hamlet of Denmark and Don
Quixote of Spain ought to have been
born in the tobacco belt."
"The animal kingdom having ceased
to be of supreme interest, the vege
table kingdom has succeeded it We
are now" in the full swing and stir of
the vegetable era of fiction. Wheat
found its interpreter in Frank Nor
ris, hemp in James Lane Allen, cab
bage in Miss Hegan. Tobacco has just
been exploited in Miss Glagow's novel,
'The Deliverance.' It is related by di
rect descent with several other fash
ions in fiction; it is a Virginia novel,
of the reconstruction era, of the cava
lier race, with a dash of negro and
poor white. But these are all sub
sidiary to the tobacco motif— not plug
or fine cut. or Wheeling stogie, but
growing tobacco in the field, before
the hail has perforated it or frost has
nipped it. • • *
Having exhausted all countries,
races and times, says Mr. Bridges,
there was a lull, during which Amer
ican authors sought in vain for new
fields of activity. Then Kipling made
the animals talk and straightway
"animal books" became the fashion
and vrere turned out by the hundred.
The writer concludes:
"When the present was exhausted
the past began to yield up its stores.
The historical novel ran like wildfire
through the studies of ambitious au
thors. • • ? The critics could not
say anything, because when they
hurled historic accuracy at the author
he or she replied with a new and out
landish country that never was on
pea or land. The trick was too easy
to learn and that killed it"
syl\-anla to the wild scenery of the
Sierras. The crown and summit of
this style in fiction was reached in the
apotheosis of the multi-millionaire— a
strange, uncouth, but masterful figure,
who still survives, with all the shop
worn properties, in the gossip of yel
low Journals.* On a higher plane the
professions found their interpreters —
and there were novels of lawyers, doc
tors, clergymen \ and gentleman bur
glars.
"The college man and woman re
sented the monopoly of the center of
the stage by the 'old graduates' and
soon every college of importance had
its own particular brand of story, with
the college colors on the cover, .and
the time-honored local traditions,
heretofore told to freshmen by word of
ruouth, embodied in heroes and hero
ines clad in gorgeous contemporary
raiment-
grcssman did not - explain how his plan consists with
equal opportunity for -all. - If he should- insist that such
employment is not open. to Jews or Catholics, could he
deny that it is a special privilege from which they are
excluded? - t
Of all the attacks yet /made on the 'r President, this is
the most absurd and fantastic. The matter was so well
understood by the labor unions; that when an attempt
was made to bring it up in the meeting of the federation
in Boston it was " frowned down. V The ' President has
taken an. oath to* enforce the law, and the law knows no
distinction in the employment covered by the civil ser
vice. Perhaps Mr. Livernash needed to open his pores
and merely sought perspiration, in order to get in con
dition for higher efforts.
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA ORANGES.
THE SAW FRANQISGO ;GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor > . . .. .... . , .. Address All Commonications to JOHN McNAUGHT; Manager
Publication Ofllco . . . ... . . ... . .: . . : . ...... .". <^^^^^> ! Third and Market Streets, S. F.
THURSDAY. ; .... :."...; "..¦.;.¦ .......:............ . . . v. . . . . ... .1. ...... . . ...... . .APRIL 7. 1904
THE . SAN FRANCISCO XALL, ; THURSDAY, APRIL: 7, 1904:
--• In the incidental development of the Far Eastern war
one fact more than another perhaps has occasioned the
deepest , regret, .'and yet the profoundest gratification.
The,'.! Russians; have discovered several'; traitors, and
death ;. has* 4 followed ; swiftly upon detection., A traitor
to hjs country should be; shunned as unclean by." a
leoer. ¦ ".¦¦_ '''¦'' .¦'.'.'•, ' .' "'¦".*
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8The Pollde Judges held a 'meeting
yesterday and elected Judge Conlan as
presiding officer for 'the- next term.
They also discussed the dates for their
vacations and other matters.
Conlan Is Presiding: Judge.
Rea says that his wife was insane at
the time of the shooting and that her
dementia was caused by jealousy be
cause the baby loved him best. He
says he had no opportunity to protect
himself or the 'child. .
Mrs. Rea, on the other hand, : says
that her husband was mistreating the
child and that when she protested, and
started to : telephone for an officer he
knocked her down with a revolver.
When she regained consciousness she
saw him coming toward her again.
She secured a gun and shot him in
self-defense. She says she did not in
tend to shoot her baby.
Rea, it is thought, will recover, but
the child died to-day. Rea says he
will not prosecute, b.ut will have his
wife taken in charge by her brother,
Walter Church, and brother-in-law.
George Armstrong, who reside at Se
bastopol. Rea says his wife is sub
ject to spells of melancholia. Her
father was murdered near Sonoma
four years ago by a man named King,
who is now in San- Quentin. A mys
terious letter written by Mrs. Rea to
her husband's cousin, Mrs. C. R. Han
nah of 2519 Bancroft way, Berkeley,
figures in the affair. The officers have
possession of it, but refuse to divulge
its contents. -
HANFORD, April 6. — John Rea
and • his baby daughter, aged 18
months, were shot by the wife and
mother Tuesday night and the child
died to-day. It is claimed that Mrs.
Rea was temporarily insane when she
made the murderous assault. | Rea
was cut also . on the., cheek and hand
with a razor. The stories told as to
the cutting and also as to the v cause
of the shooting are conflicting.
Neighbors were attracted to the Rea
home by shots and cries for help and
found Mrs. Rea lying in the front
yard In a semi-conscious, condition.
Rea and the child were lying on the
front porch, both very faint from loss
of blood. Doctors .were summoned
and Sheriff Buckner and '. Constable
Goodrich took charge of Mrs. Rea, as
it was feared she might do further
harm when she regained conscious
ness. . .
fpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Injured Parent SaysfWoman
Made .Murderous Assault
While Temporarily Insane
STOEIES DO NOT AGREE
Mrs. John Kea of Hanford
Kills Infant Daughter and
Badly Wounds Her Spouse
SHOOTS BABY
AND HUSBAND
SALINAS. April 6.— The Republican
County Central Committee met to-day
at the City Hall and elected the fol
lowing delegates to attend the Repub
lican : State Convention, to be held at
Sacramento on May 1 8 : '* J. \ R. Heb
bron, J. H.Mcriougall, Lewis, Griffin,
G. A. Dougherty, W. H. Bingham/ E.
C. Griswold, R. C. Jacks, J. B. : R.
Cooper, O. S. Trimmer, E.M.; Hills.
The delegates were Instructed to vote
for* a resolution indorsing Roosevelt
for the Presidency. .^
Representatives Chosen. to Attend Sac
ramento Convention Instructed to'
Indorse Roosevelt.
MONTEREY REPUBLICANS
ELECT STATE DELEGATES
BERLIN, April 6. — Prince Freder
ick Leopold of Prussia had one foot
severely injured to-day as the result
of a collision between an automobile
in which he was riding and a drag
near Berlin.
Prince Leopold Is Hurt.
The transport Sheridan arrived at
Honolulu yesterday morning, and will
leave there for this port to-day. She
should reach here late on the afternoon
of the 14th or early on the 15th. She
brings a full battalion of Philippine
constabulary, together with its band of
85 pieces, headed for the St. Louis ex
position, and also the Eleventh Caval
ry. The cavalry will remain at the
Presidio for" about a week and then
one squadron will go to Fort Des
Molnes, one squadron to . Fort Riley
and the remaining squadron will be di
vided up between Fort Sheridan and
Jefferson Barracks.
Lieutenant Gilbert M. Allen. Nine
teenth Infantry, who was married last
night to Miss Ethel L. Kent, called
upon General MacArthur i yesterday,
accompanied by his best man, Captain
George W.. Helms, and his ushers.
Captain James H. Bradford and Cap
tain Berkeley Enochs^.
Major Parker W. West will go up to
Eenicla to-day to inspect the signal
corps station at that point.
General MacArthur, accompanied by
Captain Frank S. WInn, will go to
Fort Baker early this morning, and
from there will be driven to Rodeo
Valley to inspect the target range
completed yesterday.
A platoon of field artillery left the
Presidio yesterday afternoon for San
Jose, where it goes to take part in the
floral show in that city.
As it was Jioon when these exercises
Mere concluded, the review was omit
ted. On Friday morning the troopers
will drill on the point and Major Bige
low promises a highly entertaining
morning.
Major Carrington and his Philippine
scouts will leave for St. Louis early
next week, orders having come from
headquarters to have transportation
provided for them as early as possi
ble. To-day and to-morrow will prob
ably be the last opportunity to see the
scouts drill on the parade grounds.
They will drill at 3 o'clock and hold
dress parade at 5 o'clock. Monday
night they will appear at the Mechan
ics' Pavilion with their splendid band,
to take part in the benefit for the
McKinnon memorial fund.
SOLDIERS GO TO SAN JOSE.
Major" Bigelow and his squadron of
the Ninth Cavalry held field exercises
on the golf links yesterday morning.
The time was given over entirely to
practice in estimating distances, and
while of great value to the partici
pants, the work was lacking in inter
est to the big crowd of spectators,
who are accustomed to* expect a spec
tacular display when the colored
troopers are on the field. In the drill
yesterday Major Bigelow, with troops
M and I, was stationed on a promi
nent point on the links, while Captain
Nance, with tix>op K, occupied a spot
back of the Marine Hospital. Signals
were exchanged^ both by flag and bu
gle, and both were successfully under
stood. In the meantime troop L had
gone to the top of Lone Mountain and
also signaled. Finally Captain Nance
moved over to the Francis Drake
Cross, a distance of 2850 yards from
the observatory point on the links, and
here the bugle "call to arms" was dis
tinctly heard by both troops.
A general search of the neighbor
hood took place and Boyle was found
later on hiding in the* backroom of a
saloon, drinking a glass of bock beer.
He was arrested again and put back
in the guardhouse.
Sergeant Boyle of M Company,
Eleventh Infantry, was locked up In
the guardhouse for being absent from
duty and some other minor offense and
when an opportunity offered yesterday
morning he boldly dashed through the
open doorway and made a-wild break
for liberty." So sudden was the move
that the sentinel who was pacing up
and down hardly realized what had
happened until he saw his prisoner
fleeing down the drive toward the Lom
bard street entrance to the. post. He
shouted to him to halt, but as Boyle
only sprinted all the faster the sentinel
drew his revolver and fired at him.
Boyle was now fleeing toward the
street. The sentinel again blazed away.
The shooting and shouting of the sen
tinel brought Sergeant Murry of Com
pany K, Tenth Infantry, sergeant 'of
the guard, upon the scene and he also
joined in pursuit of the fugitive. In
the meantime Boyle had reached Lom
bard street and was tearing toward the
city.
The commotion caused by the yelling
and the shooting brought out the resi
dents of that section from all quarters,
many of whom Joined in the chase.
An automobile - dashed around the
corner into Lombard street, which af
forded a shield for Boyle and put a
stop to the firing. The fugitive disap
peared from sisht.
FOUND IN SALOON.
The model camp and the vicinity of
the Lombard street entrance to the
Presidio was thrown into a great state
of excitement yesterday morning by a
prisoner attempting to escape, followed
by a sentinel firing a number of shots
after him. ¦ • .
Rolph & Co. of this city were her
managing owners. Her commander
was Captain John Lass, who has a
wife and three children in this city.
It is some time since the Kailua was
in San Francisco and her other officers
and the crew were shipped at northern
ports. •
WASHINGTON, April 6.— The Senate to-day
passed a resolution authorizing the printing for
tree distribution of 110,000 copies of a recent re
port on the beet eusar industry.
Friend* of Isabella Are Worried on
Account of Her Ad
vanced Age.
PARIS, April 6. — Former Queen
Isabella of Spain is suffering from a
severe attack of influenza, which
causes anxiety on account of her ad
vanced age. She was born in 1S30.
SPAIN'S FORMER QUEEN*
ILIj WITH INFLUENZA
Shipping men surmise that she may
be either the schooner Kailua or the
barkentine Kaiulani, both hailing from
San Francisco and known to have been •
engaged in the lumber trade on this
coast. It is evident that a mistake
has been made in reading the schoon- i
<>r's name. Under the direction of the j
Roman Catholic fathers at Kyoquot j
the Indians have been searching care
fully along the beaches north and
routh of the wreck for any trace of
members of the crew or wreckage
that would throw any light upon the
identity of the upturned schooner, but
so far without success. It is reported
here from the west coast that the last
unusually severe gale that raged there
was the hurricane of March 17, the
same in which it is supposed the miss
ing Scotch ship Lamorna met disaster.
The residents along the west coast say
that the gale was one of the worst
ever known on that coast and that
any vessel would have been endan
gered even with a good offing. Since
that day much wreckage has been
washed ashore upon the west coast, j
It was just previous to that date also
that a large fleet of lumber-laden i
schooners put to sea from Puget |
Sound and the Columbia River, and
tt is supposed that the latest Victim
of the ocean now lying upon the Kyo- j
quot reefs was one of them. Should a !
strong westerly wind spring up the \
vessel is doomed. She would go to
pieces in her present situation In a few
hours.
The Kailua was a three-masted
schooner of 653 tons net register. She
was built in 1900 at Hoquiara. Hind,
VICTORIA. B. C. April 6.— Another
derelict of the ocean has drifted in
upon the iron-bound coast of Vancouv
er Island from the Pacific and has
been found by the Indians, who are
looting the cargo, or as much of it as
they can get at. for the vessel is bot
tom up. She is a three-masted schoon
er, said to be the Kailua, lumber laden
and bound to San Francisco. Her cargo
is coming up from below m bunches
of boards and beams and is being col
lected by the Indians, who are piling
it up in stacks along the beach.
The wreck was sighted by the In
dians drifting in from the sea this
morning:, and they reported the cir
cumstance to the authorities. Only the
keel and parts of the lower body are
visible above water as she lies hard
and fast on the reef off Kyoquot Point,
not far from Clayoquot. Not a sign of
the crew has been found so far. They
may be in the forecastle and cabins
below just as the grust that probably
turned the schooner turtle struck them,
with no chance to save their lives.
Everything about the strange wreck is
conjectural until the Dominion Gov
ernment steamer Quadra shall have
completed her investigation of the hulk
and succeeded in an effort to bring the
deck uppermost again. The Quadra
was dispatched to the scene of the
wreck with instructions to take all
steps to ascertain the real name of the
vessel, her destination and other par
ticulars.
Special Dtirpatch to The Call
TUTUILA, Samoa, .March 22.— The
Uruguayan bark Ama Begonakoa ar
rived in Pago Pago harbor on March
5 from Cardiff, Wales, with a cargo of
3600 tons of coal for the naval station
at Tutulla. When in Eight of Tutulla
the Ama Begonakoa was becalmed.
She was sighted on March 3. Captain
Underwood, U. S. X., commandant of
the station, arranged to send two
s"team launches to assist in towing the
bark Into the harbor. These wer doing
good work, but toward evening a
strong wind started up from the west
and the Ama Begonakoa was in dan
ger of drifting on the rocks at the
entrance of the harbor. There being
no other 6team vessel* In port. Captain
Underwood went out with the Wheel
ing and brought the bark to port.
When in 39 degrees 25 minutes south
latitude and 18 degrees 29 minutes east
longitude the Ama Begonakoa
sighted the Norwegian bark Sappho
Hying a signal of distress. The chief
officer of the Ama Bogonakoa board
ed the Sappho and found that the ves
sel was leaking considerably and it
was impossible to keep her afloat. It
was then decided to abandon the ship
and the captain and nine of his crew
embarked on the Ama Begonakoa.
The Sappho, of 494 tons register, left
Ship Island on the Mississippi laden
with a cargo of pitch pine bound for
Natal, in South Africa, on the 23d of
July, 1903.
When in the Gulf of Mexico, heavy
seas and storms were encountered and
the vessel sprang aleak. Slow prog
ress was made in the voyage and the
vessel put into Pernambuco for pro
visions. Several days afterward the
master proceeded on his voyage and
more rough weather was experienced.
The vessel leaked so badly that the
crew by working day and night could
not keep her afloat. They were in an
exhausted condition when rescued by
the passing ship.
There being no Norwegian Consul in
Tutulla the commandant rendered aid
to the distressed seamen by paying suf
ficient money for • their subsistence
and passage to Auckland. New Zeal
and, where they will get further assist
ance from the Swedish Consul there.
DES MOINES, la.. April «.— By re
considering the vote by which it re
fused to grant a pardon to Sarah Kuhn,
the Senate, late this evening, indicated
its intention to concur in the action of
the House, which to-day voted deci
sively in favor of pardoning Mrs.
Kuhn. Opponents of the pardon openly
declare that Mrs.' Kuhn's youth and
beauty have brought about her pardon,
two years after the conviction of the
murder of her husband and sentence to
lrfe imprisonment. She is not yet twen
ty and is conceded to possess rare
beauty, which Is supplemented by an
air of childlike innocence.
Mrs. Kuhn's alleged victim was an
old man, nearly three times her age,
homely and a hopeless cripple. Her
marriage was a subject of barter be
tween Kuhn and her lover, Charles
Smith, by whom it has. developed she
had been seduced. Smith volunteered
to act as Kuhn's John Alderi and ob
tained Sarah's consent to marry him.
Four months of married life developed
the utter hopelessness of Kuhn winning
her love and she advised him that she
would return to her parents. Thus far
the statement of facts is alike by both
sides.
Friends of M,rs. Kuhn claim that her
husband determined to take his own
life and hers also and placed poison in
the beer that caused his death. He
urged her to drink from the same bot
tle, but she detected a peculiar taste
and declined, thereby saving her life.
There Is no evidence contradicting this,
but there is a theory against it to the
effect that Mrs. Kuhn determined to
get rid of her husband, obtain his for
tune and marry Smith, who, she had
learned, was about to marry another.
According to this theory Mrs. Kuhn
deliberately poisoned her husband. As
he died he was overheard to accuse
her of having poisoned him. The Su
preme Court affirmed her sentence, but
Justice Weaver, in a dissenting opinion,
declared it to be" an outrage due to
public sentiment and based on theory,
not evidence. The Legislature has
adopted the same views.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Opponents Say Her Appear
ance Has Brought About
Efforts in H6r Behalf
Exercise by Troopers Is En
joyed by Them, but Is Too
Quiet to Suit Spectators
She Is Supposed to Be the
Lumber Schooner Kailua
Bound for San Francisco
Captain Underwood Sends
Cruiser to Extricate Ship
From Perilous Position
CAVALRY
DRILL TAME
VESSEL IS BECALMED
VESSEL IS BOTTOM UP
WOMAN'S RARE BEAUTY
Sergeant Boyle Gets Out
of Guardhouse at Presidio,
but Is Finally Recaptured
Iowa Senate and House Are
Likely to Concur in Grant
ing Liberty to the Prisoner
Derelict Drifts in Upon
the Coast of Vancouver
. Island From the Pacific
Uruguayan Bark Rescues
Men on Sinking Sappho
and Has a Narrow Escape
MAKES BREAK
FOR FREEDOM
MRS. KUHN MAY
BE PARDONED
INDIANS FIND
WRECKED SHIP
CREW IS SAVED
JUST IN TIME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL I,! 1904:
9
A2SVSE3/LEHTS.
'TiyoLjassBi
LAST PERFORMANCES OF
THE JUf f9
MERRIEST "«"'
-sib, PICKWICK
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
IMF A
nrn»> n SUPERB
BEGGAR jew"
STUDENT MASTERPIECE
USUAL 1TVOLI PRICES, 25c, 50c. 75c ,
Box and Mezzanine seats, $1 00. '.
¦ftftl 1 1 AUDI h m FEAJICISC01
vULUmBlA leading ihea.pi
9 a. m. To-Day Sale of Seats
BEGINS FOR
LAST VA/EEK
• :V. Of the Season's Greatest Hit.
More Songs to Wnistle than All Other Musical
Comedies Combined.
isV A VbI B Iff & t9t1 ¦¦ H — I 5k I
mam'selleIvapoleoini
ANNA HELD WILL PLAY SUNDAY NIGHT.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY. •
LAST 3 NIGHTS— MAT. SATURDAY.
IMEFISKEI
In Sardou's Comedy,
D.IVORCON8
Preceded by
A BIT OF OLD CHELSEA
Next Week— Hon., Tues.. Wed., Thurs.,
Sat. Mat., "A DOLL'S HOUSE." Friday.
"HEDDA GABLER." Seats now on sal«.
A I WHO
MAN I KNOWS
Says that there never was so beautiful er
such a funny; delightfully Interesting musical
comedy as •
With Our "All Star" Cast.
Bewltchlngly . Clever Chorus.
Charming: Music
Clever Specialties.
Original Stage Effect*. , '
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 23c. Me and
75c; Saturday and Sunday Matinees. ' 25c and
50c; Children at Matinees, 10a and 25c.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
TO-DAY, 2:15. . . . ... . .T0-H1OHT, 8:13.
FOLLOW THE CSOWDS. ftPfii
' THEY MXTST BE BIOKT.
Playing to More People than the Combined
Amusement Enterprises of San Francisco.
NORRIS & ROWE'S
NEW BIG SHOWS
* YESTEBBAT.
A NEW CXBCUS THBOTJOHOUT. ,
Admlsslon^ — Adults 25c, children 15c. Reserved
gnats — Adults 50c, children 25c. ' Box seats $1.
Seats on Sale at Mechanics' Pavilion.- .
Racing 1p|S^ Racing!'
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY. CLUB.
Racine Each Week Da--. Bain or Shlna.
Six or More Races Daily.
. Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
' For special trains stopping at the track tak»
S. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12:3u.
1:00, 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking In last two
cars, which are reserved for. ladles and their
«scorts. aMMfB^^HOHBHKHBMpfiS
R«turnlnc trains leave track at 4:10 and
4 :4S and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS- H. WILLIAMS. President
. PERCY •-'W. TREAT. ¦ Secretary-
MISCEI.IiAKEOX73 AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL
Oakland vs. Portland
ATI RECREATION- PARK. "ry
¦ Eighth and * Harrison st«. . "" r,\
- ¦"' 'Thursday and Friday, 3:30 o. m.
" Saturday, 3 "p. vn.
Ladies' Days To-day and Friday.'"
Advance sale of seats; at 5 Stockton •(, .
AMTJgEMENTa
Blind Tom;
4 Welsons; Omar and Marglna; James
_H. Cullen, and Orpheum Motion
Pictures.
Iiast times of the 5 Mowats; Ma-
zuz and Mazette; Coakley and Mc-
Brlde; Wesson. Walters and Wes-
son, and
LA BELLE GUERRERO,
Presenting "La Gitana."
Regular Matinees every Wednesday, Tnuri-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, 25c
and COc. N "
CALIFORNIA
f| SCREAMS OF LAUGHTER. H|
Th« farce that has made millions
laush. '
McFADDEN'S
...FLATS...
Entire Original Company aa seen (or
1200 nights in New York; 100 nights lu
Chlcaco. - ; . „ .
Don't miss the "Yellow Kids," fun-"
- nlest little fellows you have ever seen.
¦ . BRING the CHILDREN SATURDAY. .
AT 1~] A rT A T% Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR frsss.
General Manager.
TO-XTXOHT — MATS. SAT. AND STJW.
"FUNNY AS CAN BE."— Bulletin.
Augustus Thomas' Merriest Comedy,
ON'THEir
QUIET. |S.
WHUam Collier's Greatest Success. -
Evir., 25c to 75c; Mats. Eat. & Sun.. 25c to 60c.
NEXT MONDAY— Bronson , Howard's Com-
edy of Fashionable Life In San Francisco, New
York and London. ¦'
ARISTOCRACY.
¦ IB fil I ¦¦ SQL. I MAVCH
WblQ ¦ I H/aT^taka* PRO^S
Market Street. Near Eighth... Phone South 633
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS 'WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Mammoth Spectacular Production of -
AROUND THE WORLD
mFTfxHTY DAYS
LVLU 11 1 1 l/JML 1 •->???????
lfiO— PEOPLE IN THE CAST— 100
MaKnlncent Scenery! Gorgeous Costumes!
Bothwell Browne's Brilliant Cbampasne Ballet!
ppifCC Eveningrs 10c to BOo
rnlWCJ Matinees.. ...10c. 15c. 23c
Next— IN THE HANDS OF THE ENEMY.
Biffn-Class Specialties * Every Afternoon
and Evening 1 In the Theater.
— — TO-HIfJHT— — -\ -'
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
_— -Concludlne With—
t^NEW LIVING PICTURES
Take a Ride on the MINIATURE ELEC-
TRIC RAILROAD. / '
1 {VISIT CABARET DE LA MORT.
ADMISSION. . . . . . . :10c I , CHILDREN. ...*. .5c
t When Phoning: Ask for 'The Chutes.":
ailSCEIJCANEOXJS AMTTSEaSEWTS^
Schumann-Helnk
8:15.
¦ - Saturday Matinee, 2:30
SeaU.'. $2.C0. 5 11.50. $1.00— Box Office:
' Sherman. Clay & Co. i^|
SECOND PIANO RECITAL
MAURICE RGBB
* CHILD . PIANIST.
. STEIN WAY " HALL. . 223 ' SUITER ST.;
' FBJLDAYvEVENINO.^Aprll; 8. at 8:16. ,
Scats on sale at Sherman & Clay's. 'Ticket*,
U : and TK "*TTim IWiifclllWgfMWfflT a *'ffT
PaiiirA boirr faiMto
taiaWV; Me th 0 ; beautiful
- COURT Lounging
flflfl room. th» EMPIRE
«™ f PaIlO Rv" the
V» J PALM ROOM, the
If ft. fid LOUIS XV PAR-
"K aU !* LOR, and thetLA-
ww )*j -¦'-'¦¦•¦ DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
7) visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
i MUSEUM OF AHATOMW
A CX : 1051 XABZIT ST. Int. lth*7th, S.r.Cal. A
V * Qr • ¦ Tha Lirgest Anttoaiott Museum in the \
A ' J- j;, World. „: VV«»kne»fei or j any contracted Q
V Sg&a dise»« romili*rly rmred hy the oldett T
A J§3 DR - JORDAN-O!SEASES OF MEN $
\ f tfSte Cennultation* free mnd nrictly prirate. \
B I sStV Treatment personally or by letter. A Q
f fl if a JPttiUtt Curt in erery cue undertaken. T
A r I ' II I ' Wfile tat Book. PULMOray of A
V* it I™ MAnaiAGK. MAILED FREE. ( A f
• \ A .-" IL v 4 wloable book (or mrn) , 7 ,; f . , • , . ¦ A
V I5B. JonHAN A CO.. 1051 Market Ht. 8. F. V
GRAPE-NUTS. _____„„____
Do You
Expect
Xo Drive a Set of
Hard
And NOT Feed Them?
That brings nervous prostration and its horrors.
But Brains can work and work hard, feel good and rested every morn-
ing and prow stronger on the work
Right
Crape-Nuts food contains delicate particles of Phosphate of Potash
taken from the field grains (nature's own laboratory), this element joins
with albumen and water in the bodv. and thus makes the soft erav filling
of the brain and nerve centers. Build in each day as much as*the daily
work takes away from Brain and you are safe. That's the only safe wav.
Crape-Nuts food is toothsome and delicious when served with rich
% cream.
"There's a Reason" for the Brain food,
GRAPE=NUTS.
Get the little book. "The Road to Wcllville." in each package. '
AJ^B^BMEKTB.
g^^S^ fern at Olson BjwJIjLV^^
i NEW STORE. 1
I 3 Days' Specials; I
B Groceries. v Liquors. ¦
8 ™^\& :g &JS aB:EEM * ' potuld 1 °° ST. JTj'tXEir CiABET . . . g»U<m BOc I
irlN^ W«TE : BEANS..7 1P. «C **>"* 1
Q . Finest quality, extra clean. na\or. H
H ROYAL SAVON SOAP. . .8 bars 25c OXJ> CROW WHISKEY. . ... ... H
jg Full weight bars, quality equal to ........... .full quart bottle 95c ¦
M SMOKED HERRING... 25c box. 10c Old matured, reg.Jl. 25. H
m Boneless, about 30 flsh to the box. ECXIFSE CHAM3PAONE. .pints 30c I
S HUKBOLDT CBEAMEST BUTTES - Arpad Haraszthy's. Cal. Wine H
I . Fresh 'packed.' " ' » 0 "** *°° Association. Regr. 50c. gj
H PICNIC HASSS pound 80 BVTT GORDON SHERRY, jral S2.50 1
ra Sugar cured, fresh smoked, fancy. BASS' ALE. "'.'. .....'.... '. .$1.73 dot.^ m
H MOOEPARK APRICOTS. pound 10c ' H !
Wi . Kxtra large, very bright, delicious 'A-OALLOK BOTTLE RELIANCE fl '
W flavor. Res. 20c. CLUB WHISKEY .bot. 81.13 H
SA JAPAN HEAD RICE.. 6 pounds 250 (iood straight bourbon. Reg. $1.50 I
I EVAPORATED CREAM.larjfe can 5c 0I>D DOMESTIC POSTER. doz $1.10 fl
¦ . Buy it quick,,; only 25 cases left, .'. Ruhstaller's. Good as imported. B
H quality guaranteed. Reg. 10c size. Reg. $1.35. - ; fl
fl EASTERN CORN MEAL. ......... rtTTl »rn*Tr« WTTtevw N
B| 10-potmd size 30o oliIJ McBRAYER WHISKEY. . . . |H
M Genuine Gold Dust. Very sweet. iV* ' " ' ' ;.yv,"." • • • •| ra J? oa -.??"99 I
M Rep. 35c. . • ¦":¦¦« S voars ai^- high proof. Reg. $4.00 B
I TANCY SPIDER-LEO TEA. .lb 35o GENEVA OIJT $1.00 jtf
BW Uncolored,- , will match any. tea Genuine imported; large black Hj
M bought elsewhere at 50c or 60c .bottle. ; S9
I'smTfinSoopna.';.-. B^ Q rYe 3^ K vl $? 1 2i KETbot * 1M> fl
H Java (slightly broken) and Guat- CHABLIS WINE ... .. irallon 60c E»
M emala mixed. . 7 pounds $1.00. . Mild white wine. ' Kl
1 0 " 1 10C ; WttSOH^ BYE WHISKEY. bot 85o B
I BONELESS SARDINES . . . . ....... FORT AND SHERRY WINE . ?al 50c I
.¦........¦¦¦ ..... H -pound can 15c -Oil. Wine Association standard HH
H French.' Reg. '25c. ¦ ' quality. Reg. 75c. , . fl
PBAGEBS
...':. \v, ..... -..' - U ¦ ' . ...
Thlere Will Be Something
Y^sfbinCT 2kt Dt*/l<3*AY»'c
Don t IVliss It*
25% Off on Men's Suits and
Overcoats.
Kflfa |^ 'pud BSa JEiA c8jji HhI bSj RBI Sc3 J Cs3
J| ALWAafS RELIABLESAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKtAHDaACISTBAOK— Wednesday, April 6, 19041 Weather fine. Track fast.
©578; FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, 5325.
Ind« -..' Horse and Owner. Wt St. >4. y,. %. Str. Fin.' -Jockey. Op. Cl.
6520 Educate, 6 (Hegrarty & Co.).. 114 3 ... 1 %1 y. 2 «ilh. Mountain .. 6 10
G532 Our Pride. 5 (Howe Stable).. 116 1 .. . 4 n 2 2 1 n 2 1% Otis 3 .7-2
•6532 Cherriejs, a (Soule & Fuller). 114 7 ... 6 % 5 UaS »& 3 4 See ••• '20 30
6412 Box Eldef. 3 (J. J. Moran).. 0G 5. ..;. 3 1 4 ; 1JS4 4 4'i Crosswlte * ?
C50^ Queen Fay-SMMrs. Murry). 99 8 . .. 7 1V-6 ¦ '£ 8 % 5 >A Knapp ..:. 10 V
6521 Inspector Munro .1 (T. Fox). 105 2- ...- 8 2U8 1- 0 <} 5 P. Phillips. « <
6543 Ethel Abbott n'(Mrs. Miller) 104 4 ... 5 1V.7 I 6 n-7 Roach . ' -10 9
«532 Vonzollern, C (McLaughlln). . 116 6 . . ; 2 h "3 h 5 1V4S 2 Bonner .... 6 .10
6;'.4O Standard, 3 (J. J. lie Alester) 107 9 ... 9 / 9 7 VJ 0 I. Powell. ¦¦ * 15
Timo— :24^. :49iA, 1:12»4.- At post 1 minute. Off at 2:15. Educate, place. 4; show. 2.
Pride, place, .7-5 show. 7-10. > Cherries, show 6. Winner . br. m." by Russell -Edith.
Trained by J. Hegarty. Scratched— Adnor. Moajta. -Homeric. Start good. V.'on In a
hard drive of three. Mountain on Educate '¦ put up a . very* stronir finish. Our Pride
probably . best. Cherries , ran well. . Saddle-on Queen Fay slipped. Ethel Abbott cut
off by Our Pride three furlongs from home.' Vonzollern had early speed. • '
C57J). SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlenes;. purse; 2-year-olds; value 'to first, $325.
,Index Horse and Owner. . . IWt St, ¦%;¦ '^. vi. Str, Fin. Jockey. Op. /Cl.
6545 George P. McNear (H Stover) 115 4 . . . 1 n 1 2Vil 2 1 h . See 4-5 3-5
6545 Salable (Blasingame Bros.).. 108 1 ... 2 1 2 % 2 3 2 2 Mountain ".: 7-2 10- B
(C4S3) Eduardo (D." F Blakeman).. 112 2 ... 3h- 3 n 4 4 3 6 Bonner .... 4 7
CT.45 Inspector Halpin (Schreiber). 10S 3 V... 4 44 3 \i 4 1 P. Phillips. 10 15
(612*?) Mogregor (Blanchl & Co.).... Ill 5 ... 5 5 5 5 I. Powell... 20 2U
i Time— :23i,4. :48%, :55i6. At post \i minute. Off at 2:39 ?i. McNear. place and show,
out. . Salable, place 7-10; show, out. 'Eduardo. show, 4-5 'Winner.' b. c, by Torso-
Clara Wilson. Trained by H: Stover. Start good. Won in a hard drive of two. Third
easily. McNear was cut down, just did last. •¦' Salable did not have clear sailing early
• in the game or he might have won.- Eduardo ran a fair race. . Others outclassed.
C68O. THIRD RACE — Futurity course; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. ' . Wt St. li. \(,. *i . Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6556 Clausus 4 (T H. RyanX..... 116 6 ... 1 11 li/,l 2^1.1: Vlckery ... 10-' ; 20'
C554 Emll. 3 (T j". Williams) 99 2 V 4 2 2 2 *2 n . 2 3% R. . Butler. . 30 6t»
C522- Resigned, 3 (A W. Coffey).. 99 7 .... 5 »i 6 2VA6 2 3 h Bonner .... . 10 8
6494 Salto, 3 (D.S. Fountain).... 06 5 ... « n . 3 %"5 2%4'n Vandrbout . 7-2 3
6338 Hirtle, a (A. Neal) 109 3 ... 7 4 73 72 53 Buxton .... 5-2 13-5
6532 Brennus. 4 (Judge & Co.) 128 1 ... 2n 4n 3 >J 6 Vj H.Spencer. 3 4
6508 Miss M. .Bowdish. 3 (Blasng.) 04 8 ... 8 8 8 7 2 Cross waite 0 10
62G8 Ripper, 4. (P. G. Lane) 113 4 ... 3 *i 0 % 4 .'4 8 JFrowen ... 20 SO
Time— :24^. :50i.i. 1:13. At post U minute. Off at 3:04',i. Clausus place, 8; show. 4. Emll.
place. 20; show. 10. ReFlgned. show, 0-5. Winner, ch. h. by .Brutus-Claude. Trained
by T. H. Ryan. Scratched— Rubino, Blondura. Charlie Schwelzer. Egyptian Princess,
Red Bird. Start good: Won all out. Next three driving. ••: Track to-day suited .Clausus
.and ho breezed, practically unbacked. Emil a (surprise. Resigned played by the dockers'
brigade. Salto. the nominee, was sore and couldn't report. Hirtle delightfully handled.
Brennus gave it up. Bowdish lacked speed of any sort. :
C5S1. FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles; handicap: 3-year-olds and up; 'first. $500. I
Index Horse and Owner. IWt St. '¦>/»• Vi- ?i- Str. Fin.* Jockey. Op. Cl..
C473 Horatius, 4 (J. J. McAlester) 111 3 '4 1 4 2 4 2^4 1 «1 n I. Powell... 2 3-2
6509 Veterano 4 (W. C Vlvell);.. , 97 6 5 ?i 3 1 33 In 2 Vi J. Jones 15 20
6473 Grafter, '6 (Blasingame Bros.) la"? 4 3 n 2 n 2 '& 2 h 3 4 Mountain-.. 6 9
(C544) Gateway, 3 (T. W. Lottrldge) 95 5 In In In32 4 4 Roach ..... S-5 16-5
5755 Our Bessie 4 (Newman).... 104 16 6 5 n 5 4 5 4 Knapp : ... 4 .4
6558 Carat, 5 (McAllister & Co.).. 103| 2 2 1 5 2. 6 6 6 Crosswalte 12 30
Time— :24i;, :49?4, 1 :15U. 1:41U. 1:53=;.' At post • U minute. Off at 3:29K. Veterano,
place. 8; show 3. Grafter, place, 5-2; show, 4-5. Horatius. show, 'out. Winner, b. h.
by Rey El Santa Anita-Orange Leaf.' Trained by'W.C. Vlvell. Start, good. Won in
a hard drive of three. Horatius came from behind. Fifty yards from the - wire he
swerved in. slightly bothering Veterano and Grafter. This caused his .disqualification.'
Gateway failed to last. Our Bessie was short. Carat- ran poorly. Veterano showed
• marked improvement. •Disqualified fora foul and placed third.
6582. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; purse; 4-year-blds and up; value to first. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. Wt St. U. Y 2 . %.: Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
(5411) Honiton 4 (P. Ryan).. 103 .2 1 1>41 1^1 2 1 1?A Bonner ..*. 7-10 2-5
<M9S Ocean Dream. 4 (Twyman).. 105 1 ... 3^3 2%3 li£2 n P. Phillips. 4 ,_ ; B
(G303) Mansard, T 4 (E. J Smith) 105 .'$/... 2 1 2 2 2 1^3 10 Holbrook .. 3 4
6221 Gorgalette, 4 (J Fitzgerald).. 103 4 ... 5 n C 5 5 Vj 4 2 Crosswalte 25 50
5761 Gondolus 4 (L.' Jeuness) 10S 5 ... 4 2^4 1M-4 2 5 l'/j Haack ..... 200 500
6101 Flush of' Gold, a (Mrs.Owens) 106 .7 ... 6 2 5 n 6 8 C 2>i Mountain .. 20 50
5933 Scotsman 4 (Brinkworth). . .. 107 8 ... 8 8 8 7 3,1. Powell... .".0 60
Limerick Town. 4 (Touhey). .|10S « ... 7 2^72 T n 8 Otis 100 lf'O
Time— :24. :4S,Vi. 1:13. At post ?» minute. Off at 3:57^4. Honiton,- place and show, out.
Drearri. place- 4-5: show. 1-4. Mansard, show, 1-3. Winner, br. m. by- Ormonde-Lib
b-rtlfiibbet. 'Trained by P. Ryan. Scratched — Toto Gratiot, Yellow Tall. Golden Ltght.
Start good. Won in a gallop. Next two driving. Winner possesses , stake quality and
made her 'fie Id look like 30 cents. Mansard tired and Ocean Dream outgamed J him.
. Gorgalette ran well. Flush of Gold not ready. /
O5S3. SIXTH. RACE— One mile; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325. ... Y".^:
Index Horse and Owner. IWtlsC J .i . *&'¦'*%'• Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
(C54G) Dyronerdale 4 (J. M. Crane). 108 3 1 2%1 2^1 3 1 .2»$1 »4 Knapp .... 7-2 7-2
(6126) Caronal 4 (Chappelle & Co.) 101) 1 6 ¦ 64 3n 2n 2h H. Stuart.. 6-5 11-10
(C5C6) Oro Viva, 4 (D. S. Fountain). 102 5 5 % 4 y. 2 V 3 3 3 3 7 Vandrbout 5. 7
(6557) Constellator. a (McCafferty). . 108 0 3 h 3 % 4 2 4 \$ 4 n J. T. Shehn 7 20
(6547) AxminFter 5 (W. D. Randall) 111 2:4 1 6:6 53 58 Bozeman .. 7-2 11-2
6542 St. Rica, a .(P. Murphy). .... 108 4 ' 2 3 2h 51 6 6 \JHaack 50 60
I Time — :2oy> :50Ui 1 :15»4. 1:42. At post 14 minute. Off at 4:24. Byronordale, place, 4-5;
show, out. Caronal. place, 1-2; show, 1-5. Viva. show. 7-10. Winner, b. g. by Jim
Gore-Briganza. Trained by J. Dlxon. . Start good. Won in a drive of three. Caronal
should have won without effort. Bozemnn on Axmlnster nearly put the favorite over
the fence at the first turn, for which ha»was suspended. Dyronerdale had all the racing
luck. Oro Viva ran well, under weak handling. Constellator out footed. Axmlnster ran
a wretched race. . ¦ " ;V;-
¦'¦¦•. STOCKTON, .- A pri • J «. —.John l-"i tzgers Id a
former I nmate of ¦ th» * Tone Reform i School. ; was
Kentrnced , to-day, by Mudge Nutter; to pay ; a line
of<|2fiO : or servo . 125 .days iin? jair for, attcriint-
Injs to atab a Chinese. He went to Jail.
¦First race — Rowena, Chileno, Vig
oroso.
Second . race—Aunt Polly, David S,
Roma inc. :
' "Third rac« — Puss in Boots, . Riesca,"
Kengli. % - • :
Fourth , race— Harry Beck, Driglit
Moon," Colonel Anderson.
; . Fifth race— Clausus,', Marelio, Iland
prcss.; ¦ 7 ' ¦ •'" : - ¦ ¦ '"'¦: '' :
Sixth race— Mocorito,- Kitty Kcllv,
Gnlanllnts.
PUOBABLE WINNERS.
:* Sixth * race,". one ... mile — Gus , HeWorn won.
Circus > Girl second, Louiaville .third. Time,
l:«H.- . -¦, . . .;_ j.; _,:¦, -'¦ • - ;
I' Fifth race, four and a half furlongs — Pana
manian won, /Oceaner second, Lady Moneuse
third. v Time." :58. ,.,,;,¦.- ¦• : — ¦.«•' • ' - ¦" .<
i Third : race, • Country ; Club cup, one t mile —
Justice ".: won, Lodestar second, Marcus third;
Tlmc."[l:52?i. '...,.•.-'.¦- '
' Fourth ; race. . six furlongs — Martinmas won,"
Scorpio- second. , Vestlna.. Belle third. Time,
l:10Vi-"' : . ¦'/-¦':¦- '¦» ¦' •"-'-• - '
: ' Second ¦ race, - four ¦ furlongs — Useful -Lady
won. Green Gown second," ¦ Lou '.M third. Time,
Kacing at 3Iemphis.
'MEMPHIS,* Tenn.; April 6. — Montgomery
Park summary:
: First rnco, one mile — Spencerlan ..won," Bud
w'eiser second, -Welcome Light third., • Tlme, :
1 :45. ' *&&JE$i£l£A&&f£BBBtfiOj/fWEta^BiB/HUiKtBf2B/tKtt^£
Fourth' race, steeplechase," about v two miles
selling— Boney Boy won, Manilian second.
Gum Honey third. . Time,-4:13. ¦.-. ¦¦¦ -. <•£-,¦
- Fifth race, four and a half furlongs, 'sellins
-^-Little Woods won,^Fergus- second, i^lrst
Born th!rd.;,TIme, :5»J 4-5. Metallic finished
first, but was disqualified for! fouling /
Sixth race, one mile — Queen Elizabeth' wor£
Electric second, «. Red^ Light third.. Timb,
1:43 2-5. . ' i - ' - >
'¦Third -race, seven furlonge, selling^ — Paul
Clifford - won, 1 .Belle - of . Milford second. Early
Eve.thlrd.- Time,; 1:29.
Second ; race, four 'and a half furlongs—
Lallte.won, Allen Avon second, Delavin third.
Time/ : 56 1-5. ; ?3S^KS>QNSK ¦- ;. —
'First race, five and a half furlongs— Illyria
won, The Bowery second, Typhonlc third. Time,
X «10 2~5. . ¦
WASHINGTON, April 6. — Bennings ram
mary:
Bcnninss Race Results.
The bellboys of the Palace and St.
Francis , hotels crossed bats In Golden
Gate Park yesterday afternoon. . The
game -was a lively one during 'the
three .that were played and
resulted -in a score of 6 to 4 in favor
of the St. Francis boys.
Bellboys Cross Bats.
HONOLULU, t H. T.. March 31—
Dave'Barryt formerly of' San Francia
co and now champion of Hawaii, and
Mike Patton, an ex-champion f' of
Brooklyn, met for a fifteen-round
boxing contest last Saturday evening.
The first round was even. In the sec
ond Barry's first. blow knocked Patton
out. ' -
Champion Dare" Barry, a Winner.
The first matches in the Grand Na
tional champion stakes at Union
Coursing Park on Sunday will be be
tween the greyhounds Pocatelli and
Rector. * Palo Alto has not entirely
recovered from a severe course inthe
California Plate "in February and was
withdrawn after being tried out on
Monday. The card is made up of a
s^ty-f our dog: .'reserve stake. .The
draw' last night resulted as follows:
Racing Auto <. vs. -Sacramento Boy; Concord
Boy vs. . McHenry; Sir WInton vs.. Rose of
Gold; Honest John vs. Terah; Frisky Barbara
vs. Cubanola;. Fontenoy vs. Rocker Arm;
Ruby Sankey vs. Our Motto; Texas Mamie vs.
Pasha Pleasant; Commercial Traveler vs. Do
rothy M; Sompronlus vs. 1 Texas Hoo Hoo; Idaho
Boy vs. Conroy : " Roy Hughie \». Haphazard;
Free Born vs. Pepper Hill; Richard Anton vs.
Aurelia;- Rapid . Water vs. General Dewet;
Flaunt vs. Merry Go Round ; Presidio Boy vs.
Joe Pasha: Melllnwood vg. Frank Dunn; Magic
Stuff v«. MenlO' Prince; Tralee Lass vs. Appie
Blossom; Hudson vs. Terra Cotta; . Colored
Lady vs. John Heenan; Haughty Helen vs. Red
Rock; Spotless . Beauty vs. ¦ Donnybrook; Tho
Referee vs. Tillie R; Lulu Girl vs. Willie Boy;
Ballendlno vs. Vandal;- Croswick vs.. Clover
dale; Rabyl Aurora vs. Pomona: The Coroner
vs. Gambit; Queen's Motto v». Loretta; Rolla
Wells vs. Lily Wright.
Greyhounds Are Jfatchcd for the First
Trials in the Coursing Grand
National.
probably the best he has ever done in
California and all the race goers will
welcome his return here next season.
Starter Dwyer and wife depart for Chi
cago this morning, where after a short
iest Dick reports for duty at the Nash
ville, Tenn., meeting.
Arthur McKnight and Charley We
ber, the two clever assistants of Dwy
er, left for St. Louis by last evening's
overland train. Arthur has accepted
the position of starter at the new
course of the Union Jockey Club and
should ably fill the bill, as he" is no
novice at the game. He will have as
assistants Charley Weber and "Kid"
Delaney.
\ ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First race — Six furlongs, three-year-olds and
up, selllne.
C-J33 Maraschino (Smith) 107
U&22 County Down (Haekell) ..">*.... 02
«4<i0 'Pcnzance (Stover) i>5
C.1C3 Cinnabar (Smith) '." 02
G5CG Tom Mitchell (McNeil) 102
1J303 'Maxetta Ueuness) '80
00»0 Sollnus (Levy) . . . ." .107
CM 2 Jean Gravler (Becker) " 107
6530 Brookwood Belle <BIaylock)-. 00
»i."iCS Rowena (Burns & Waterhousc) ..90
4720 Alturas (Smith) 107
(EM2 Cotati (Napier) »5
&740 »Wuibo (Blackburn) U"
6542 'Chilcno (Blaslngame) 102
f 500 Vigoroso (Applcby) 107
Second race — Seven • furlongs, four-year-olds
and ud. selllnir. .
(U94 Varrt) (Miller) 10S
631 1 Boutonlerre (Jones) : . 112
05U9 El I'llar (Haskell) ..... ......... :10.{
6420 Isabclllta (McNamara) 107
C55<5 'Reeves (Lamasney ' Bros.) 110
656C Aunt Polly (Graffort) 101
0M2 Tonopah (SchlfT) .................... ,l<Xi
«122 "Romaine (Murray) "..'.'.V. ;.'..". "."..". .. OS
6533 Flaneur (Blanchii& Co.)-... .112
C569 David S (Stanfteld) ..112
Fourth race — Mile and a sixteenth, four-year
olds and up, selling. "
6414 Tamm (Magrane) .'...... ...105
C542 Ulloa (Ticrney) '...... .....;. 10O
tPJOS Hellas (Creely) : . . . ;*; ... ..:....:...... 107
, 5530 Blessed Damonzel - (Chappell) ...... .'.10U
R518 Bright Moon (Garland) ........ ......102
5919 Harry Beck (Lynch & Co.).... .107
M5Xi GoIdHnder (Lynch) .....102
6401 Rio Shannon (Coffey)r. .....105
6."57 ; Watkins Overton (Knebelkamp)......:iO2
COO* Leash (Levy) .......;..;. 105
C223 'Colonel Anderson (Fitzgerald) ....... 97
6G23 Rim Rock (Jonee) .........100
Third race — Six, furlongs; three-year-olds
and uriward; sellinir: tBlJSS^ tSB
5085 Master (Neal) ;;...;iO7
S&SS'The Stewardess (Winter) ....MOO
C. r >80 Resigned: (Macdonald) ............... 95
C254 Dora I (Wellman) ......... .V.... .. ...10. r .
0947 •Keogh (Hlldreth) .:.. ........... S7
0518 *H. P. Cane (Green) ..". ...' 97
6314. Rlesca " (Boesecke) ¦ » .": .". .' 95
.... Patsy Brown :<Morehouse). ;....»".. .7.100
[ 6534 John Boggs (Ste\-ens) :. "... 102
C522 'Frivolus (Fitzgerald) ....... ........00
:6510 Orlana (McKenzic) ................ ..102
6C42 Reaforth (Redmond) . ... . . .'. .".:.. : . .'.102
65S0 'Royal White (Lowry) .....102
6554 tJrsuline Sister (La Fiesta' Farm) . M0
6550 Puss in Boots (Josephs) . . . . . . . . . . 7. 105
Fifth' race— Seven -furlongs; ; four-year-olds
and upward ; . selling: ¦„ : u, :
• 6520 Marelio (Quinlan) ,';.... .......... i.\ 103 1
(«.\«o)ciausus; (Ryan) . . . ;.*.;-. .v. . . . ; ; . :. r.-.ioa
0377 lllowaho. (Stover) ...10«
.6411 Mountebank (Keating) r.-.T.rrr.T.V.. .103
(G484)*Hand press I (Magrane) :".~ "*."77.".V. TaiO
6424 Bard .Hums fO'Rourke) r.T7r.T:.rr.Tr. 112
; 5434 tCanejo . (Ellerd , & Co.) h ;~r. .'.-.. r.Tr: 110
«r>i l ¦ Pos sart (Case) • .'. . r.~v; r.% 'm'^~.vr^7: 115
[ 5434 MIbs Vera (Lynch) KS .":rT77TT:;*TV."r.4Ol
UMJ9 'Montana peeress ¦= (CofTey) .......... 9J
% ¦ fLos Angeles index CT.03.'
r^ Sixth : i. race — One mile'and'. seventy yards;
four-year-olds : and'- upward :i selling;: ' . -
r 656» Kxpedient ' (Smith) •f.rrrrrr: ; .".'. . .'..". .iro
C557.. Polonluit ¦ (Stewart- & • Co.) ......... .'. . . HKJ
1 65«6 Kitty Kell\ .' (St Anfleld) ; ... ....;...... 101
.(Vah to -U' (Chappeii)' :;. .'::: :..:.;. ...:.i<«
6523 •Mr.' 1 ; Furnum (MeCafferty) ~ .......... 101 !
i Kia.". 'Galanthus . (CoffM-) '.:... .;....T..-...liCi
656SMocorlto (Wcllnfan) :/.-.'. lu!j
.•Apprentice allowance vUG
POCATELLI WILL. . MEET ' ,
THE FAST DOG RECTOR
Sacrifice hit* — Shfthan. Nordyke. Eagan,
Graham ("). Thomas. First. bas» on errors —
Tacoma. S. Sa'n Francisco 1. First base on
called bails — Off Thomas 1, off Cutter 4.
Isetx. on ba»"(= — Tacoma $ San Francisco 3.
Struck out — By Cutter 2. Wild pitch — Cut
ter. Double plays — Schmeer to Anderson to
Ma«ey; Case? to Kawn to Nordyke. Time
of ptnif— 1 hour and is mlnutea. Umpire—
O'ConnrTTT" : - ,*j' .•„. ;..»-»i;- --••
Kulilin l>efcats Jeffords.
PIIILADEL.HPIA, April 6. — Gus
lluhlin had the better of a six-round
fight with Jim Jeffords to-night at the
Xational Athletic Club. The' bout was
a tame affair.
l.OS AXGEL.ES IS SHUT OUT.
LOS ANGELES, April 6. — Seattle
gave the champions a ?dose of their
own medicine this afternoon, Nick Wil
liams acting as consulting physician.
The youngster from Berkeley had the
champions at his mercy from the be
ginning to the end and one little sin
gle bv Bernard in the fourth inning
was as much as his generosity, would
permit him to deal out. Wheeler, on
the other hand, was easy for the visi
tors and they, laid against his curves
to the extent of. eleven. hits. Aside
from Williams' pitching and batting,
the feature was the fieldlng~of Mohler
at second base and a star catch by
Grandpa Van Haltren in center. At
tendance 1200. The score:
Lou Angeles — Seattle —
AB. It. H. P. A. AB. R.H. P.A.
n'nard.cf 4 012 i VHaln.cf 5 0 12 0
Flood.Sb. 3 0 0 O 2 Mohlr.2b 4 0 119
J.Smth3b 3 <t 0 2 3 Dhnty.Sb 4 0 0 2 1
• :'vatb.rf 3 » <J 1 1 Frisk.lf. 4 0 110
RoFs.tf.. 2 0 0 3 0 Branhr.lb 4 1 2 15 O
Oiase.lb. 3 O «l 12 OC.Smth.rf 4 1 O 0 O
Toman.es 3 O O 1 5 R.Hall,ss 4 112 1
Spies.c 1 «» <» 2 O Blknsp.c .13 2 4 0
Wheelr.p 3 O O O 3 Willms,p.4 0 3-0 3
nagxr.c, 2 0 040"
Total* 36 * 6 11 27 14
Totals 27 0 1 27 15
RUNS AXD HITS BT INNINGS.
Lor. Antreles O'OOO 0 O 0 0 0 — O
Base hits O O O 1 0.0 o o 0 — 1
Seattle O Ol 0 1 0 4 0 O — 6
Ba*e hits 0120 10 6 1 0 — 11
SUMMART.
Stolen bate* — C. Smith, Blankenshlp. Errors
— Bernard (2), Chase. Williams. Two-base
h'ts— WlIllamH, Van Haltren. Sacrinee hit-
Flood. Left on bases — Los Angeles 2. Seattle
4. struck oot — By Wheeler 4, By Williams 2.
Double play — Smith to Chase. Hit by pitched
ball — Ross. Blankenship. . Time of game — 1
hour SO minutes. Umpire — Huston.
rxcLE's ti:am loscs a«aix.
FUESXO, April 6. — Tacoma took
the g^mc from San Francisco this af
icrnoon by a score of 7 to 1. San
Krancisco scored its only, run in the
ninth inning, after two men were out.
«h» Tacoma boys having several
« Jiances to shut them out; but failing
*.«> do so. Cutter was batted hard and
:h<? hits beinr bunched allowed Ta
••nnyi lo send many men over the
l-latc. The *cor&:
Tacuma— < Ssn Franol>=co —
AB.R. It P.A.i AB.K. H. P.A.
• ."^sov.L'b 4 1 «• 3 if\>ld».cf 4 A 1 1 fl
rh«*'r.3b 4 1 :: O M'Mbd.lf 4 « 1 0 0
;;or«1k.lb :: 1 1 17 1 Mo8ny.rf 4 O 1 4 O
.¦.Jtfiii.fp 3 Vl"2 M IrMin.Sb 3 «» 0 1 3
J.ync1i.<-.f .1 oo© :• Uasfy.ib » 0 0 11 0
MrL.ln.lf 4 2 1 2 « .\ndrn.2b 3 A 0 2 3
J-lanvn.rf 3 2 12 « I chmcr.s S 0 0 2 2
? Irahm.c. 1O110 slanscn.c 3 0 13 0
t"tv>m»',r. 3 0 2 0 2 Cutter.p. 3 1 it 0 S
Totals. 2S 7 10 27 21 i Tot*lt.30 1 ~4 21 13
HUXS AND HITS BT INXIXGS.
T»com« 2 0 0 0 0 2 0 3 x 7
Base hit* ¦"{ 0 1 0 0, 3 0 3 x— 10
San Francisco ...OOOOOOon ] — i
Bast, hits 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 2 4
6CMMART.
Stolen base — Sheehan. Errors— N'ordyke An
derson <2). Schmecr. Two-base hit — Shcrhan.
Grensed doIp walking contest — Won by D.
Carroll.
Officials— Starter, Sidney CaviH: referee, John
J. Gleason: announcer, Frank W. Thompson;
clerk of course, LshiIf Levy: timers — John A.
Hammersmith, Al Bullion, A. Rothkopf;
judgeE. W. Taylor and T. I. Fitzpatrick.
100-yard scratch race — Won by FrancU
Galey. Olympic Club: Otto Schultr, Lurline
Club, 'second. Time. 1:02.
100-yard scratch race for members of club-
Won by T. P. B»con; C. Clouch second, Al
Young- third. Time, 1:12.
Diving: content for prize — Won by W. Pomin,
l.urlinr Club; L«Mer Hamnierrmith, Olympic
Club, pecond.
Blindfold race for Olympic Club men — Won
by P. Funbergr; J- Becki second.
Od-yurd junior handicap race for members
of club — Fin=t heat won by Hobert Ldindy; G.
rveeman and J. Wise tied for second: final
heat won by L<undie: Wise second. Time, :42.
The other events were all good ones
and some exciting finishes resulted.
Robert Lundie, the crack boxer, won
the 50-yard junior -race for club mem
bers in clever style, and the other
members of the club shpwed to aq
vantas-e. Following are the results of
the various events:
100-yard relay race for the John J. Gleason
Challenee cup— Won by Olympic Club team —
Gilcy. L«eary. Sunbergr, Bonnifleid. Time. 3:40.
L.urline team — Schmidt, Stockton, Young,
Heinz. .\Vs; -«-. v- -
The match race at 100 yards be
tween Francis Galey. the crack Aus
tralian swimmer, and Otto Schultz of
the Lurline Club was a one-sided one.
Galey took the lead at the start and
won all the way, making the distance
in 1:02. just two-fifths of a second
outside the American amateur record.
The swimming tournament at the
Olympic Club last night brought out
a large attendance of spectators and
the close and exciting events were
greatly enjoyed by those present. The
event of the night, the relay race for
the John J. Gleason challenge cup,
was won by the Olympic Club team,
made up of Galey. Leary, Sunberg and
Bonnifleld. Galey, the Australian,
took the lead in the first relay and
the "winged O" men led their oppo
,nents, the Lurline swimmers, all the
way. Arthur Young, for the Lurlines,
made a great effort to regain the lost
ground, but the handicap was too
great and the Olympians easily fin
ished ahead in the fast time of 3:40.
The husky youths who are wont to
wield' their fists for a livelihood under
the guise of amateurism have organ
ized a union. 'Tis a real union and
a strong one at that— so strong that
when the Bay City Athletic Club tried
to promote its show at Mechanics' Pa
vilion Annex last ni^ht, the 'scrappers
got together and demanded a larger
fee than was promised them. "When
the fight magnates refused, the glove
artists gathered in warlike session and
consequently the show never went
through.
The place was thronged with a crowd
of. sports anxious to witness a few
hot mixups. Some of the lesser lights
of the ring who were In need of a
little soft coin voluteered to go some
rounds to entertain the crowd and
agreed to accept non-union fees. Mr.
"Rough House" McDonald, walking
delegate of the union, took one of
them aside and said in part:
"Now- you listen to me, kid, . fer I
have been elected by de squeeze as de
main wolloper of non-union scrappers
an' go-between man wid de promoters.
Rule 36 of de by-laws says dat if yer
fights without a union card you will
have to meet de gang after de s.how
and de gang will proceed to trow de
wollop to yer. Now if you take my
tip you will dodge two beatings, for
If you get into de ring wid dat guy he
will beat you nearly to death and den
we will complete de job out In de alley.
So get jerry and fade away."
The youth partook of this fatherly
advice and faded away. Before he
faded he told the rest of the boxers
who 'were carded to take the. places of
the fighters out on strike. "When the
promoters began to search for talent
they discovered there was nobody
available except a few policemen. A3
they were' not in condition, the show
was called off and the crowd received
its money back.
The prizefighters' union was formed
a short time ago. The men of the
gloves discovered that the promoters
were *making a big bunch of" coin out
of the sweat of the boxers* brows.
Under the rules of theirv H,e\v_ associa
tion, no manager . was ' to- -"pay more
than J30 f<Jr a fight.. The boys then
demanded $75 and $50 for maip events
and whatever they could- get-f or the
lesser events. They say these rates
will prevail from now on and if the
magnates will not come through with
the additional money, the game will be
given a well deserved rest.
The ambitions of these "amateur"
boxers, who are apparently profession
al financiers, have been fired by recent
reports of the profit in the game. One
club had a $6000 house while another
had a $3300 ¦ house. The manager of
one "amateur" received about $1300 as
his share of the gate money. The
boxer is . showing only, a cheap watch
as his • rewaVa for his expertnesa with
the gloves. What he is not showing
is another story.
Then Sc hmidt walked Beck, while
Castro lined one safe to the outfield.
The bagrs were all crowded and it
!.>«)ked like a hundred runs for the
stars of the north, Mr. Freeman was
•thoughtless enough to hit one to
Francks, who returned the sphere to
Streib in a jiffy, completing a double
play and ending the run-getting streak
of the Portlanders for the balance of
the game. : - •
Oakland did not create any runs till
iht- third. Then Mr. Lehman partook
<>f a free passage to first. Schmidt sac
rificed cleverly and Ganley lined it out
to right field. Francks, by accident,
hit one on the line. Mr. McCreedis
tried to be acrobatic ar.a after rolling
over himself eleven times the ball got
•lisgusted and left him. Peter came in
on this and Francks went to second.
Along in the sixth Krugvr cracked
out a hot two-bagger to the score
board. He was only on the bag for
a. minute when Jule Streib responded
w ith one of the same brand, bringing
in the last run of the day. After the
fir-Et inning the Portlanders were com
pletely baffled by Schmidt and could
not approach the rubber. Shields was
j<lso in good form and struck out seven
men, but at this he could not win.
Portland— • I Oakland—
AB.R.H. P.A.I AB.R. H. P.A.
Itrnan. cf.4 111 o Ganly, rf.« «» 1 2 «l
H*rrd. rf.3 0 O 3 o Frncks t<.4 <• 1 :« ft
\fai>. If. 4 O 2 1 1 Kiupi. If. 3 113 3<
< astro. s..."i « 1 0 1 Dnlvy, of.4 0 O 1 1
Beck. 2b. 3 0 13 1 Clncy, lb.4 0 O « «'
Krmn. lb.4 0 O 7 1 Streib, 2b.3 0 15 1
l'mca. Cb.3 O 1 0 1 Devrx, Sb.3 O <• 1 1
stlman, c.4 0 o 7 o Lohmn. c.2 1 O 4 l»
Shield*, p.4 0 O *-' 4 Khmdt. p. 2 0 10 7
Totals. S2 1 « 24 8 Totals. 29 2 5 27 16
HUNS AND HITS? BT INNINGS,
lortland 1 « rt 0 0 O O 0 ft— 1
Base hlte 3 1 « « 0 1 O 1 O — (j
Oakland 0 0 1 O 0.1 O « x — 2
B&Re hit* 0 « 2 O 1 2 O 0 x — 3
summary. ,' ¦;>:»* ;
stolm base? — Krugfr <?A. Drennan. Errors —
S<-hmidt. rrccman. Dunleavy, Nadeau. Two
lia*e hit* — Francks, Krugcr. Str»>lb. isacrifice
liit* — McTrcpdie. Sihmldt. Pirpt base on er
iorw — Portland 1. Oakland 2. First basi? on
• ailed balls— Off Shields. 1: cJT • Schmidt. 3.
Left on buses — Portland 7. Oakland «. Struck
• •ut — By Shields. «: by Schmidt, 2. Hit by
• •Ucher — Kruser. Double playe — Francks to
!-trcib; b'hields <unas*ii=t<HlK Time ' of game —
r « »ne hour and forty-five minut«*»: l.'mplre —
McCarthy.
W. L. Pct.| "^T Y-« P i"
I«o* AngMes.fl 3 .750 Seattle » « •*»
Taeoma *• 3 .727, s-'an Fran....* « .-<-
Oakland ....« 4 .0(57! Portland . . . .2 1» .M*
Peter and his Oakland ball tossers
liave an attack of the winning streak
"that is incurable for the present at
least The medicine San Francisco ad-
Miinistored last weA was no good and
the brand the Portlanders are handing
<>ut docs not seem to be the proper
thins for the malady of the suburbans.
They had to po ?nme to beat the north- k
< .ners to it yesterday, but they were
iliere " to 1 at the finish.
Portland exhausted all its* efforts in
i he first spasm. They bogan t6 hit
ihat ball as though there never would
l»e another thanre in the world to make
base hits. Drennan led off with a saf •
• •no and MeOreedie pa dittoed. Nadeau
hit the leathpr on the % nose over th?
iliird baser^an's head and In came
Drennan on a run.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
Schmidt Has the Northern
Stars at His Mercy After
1 a Rally in First Inning
Australian Takes Lead at
the Start and Local Man
Never Figures in Going
"Scabs" Are Warned That if
They Appear in Ring They
Will Be Soundly Thrashed
Beats M. F, Tarpey, the Long
Shot in the Handicap,
at Los Angeles Meeting
LOS ANGELES, April 6.— Ascot Park
closed its first season to-day. The
ninety days of racing ended with as
large a crowd as that which was pres
ent on the opening day, on the 24th
of December, The meeting has been
successful in every way. According to
the management, the track has made
money, and " the prospects for winter
racing in Southern California are
bright. The racing has been of high
class, and. the percentage of winning
favorites unusually large.
The programme to-day was a good
one, and favorites were fairly success
ful. Neko, at 3 to 2, won the first race
from Little Secret and Bassanio. The
second went to Escalante, the favor
ite, with Miss Betty second and Jim
Gore II third. '
Eugenie B, at 2 to 1. won the third
race from Dollie Weithoff and Wager
in the order. named. -
The fourth was the best of the day,
and was a race from start to finish.
Callant was heavily played to win, and
went to the post at 5 to 2; Golden
Mineral at 7 to 2 and M. F. Tarpey.13
to 1. Thes^, together with Elwood,
Foncasta, Straggler, C. B. Campbell
and Glennevis, ran bunched until well
into the stretch, when Callant drew
out and won by a neck ; from Tarpey,
with Golden Mineral third.
Diamante won the mile and a quar
ter selling race from John McGurk,
with Labor third. The latter was back
ed into favoritism at post time.
Manager J. W. Brooks started the
last race, and sent the field away in
perfect line. Columbia Girl, the favor
ite, won from. Golden Boy ancj "Winni
freda in the .order* named. "Weather
perfect; track fast. • .;•
The clay's gate receipts, amounting
to $1956, were donated to the Catholic
and the Protestant orphan asylums of
Los Angeles. The 'results: •
First race, one mile, selling — Xeko. 97 (Law
rence), 3 to 2, wen; Little Secret, 104 (Dugan),
9 to 1, second: Bassanio. 107 (Fletchfr), 6 to 1,
third. Time. 1 :42=i- Henry Clay Rye, Lunar,
Ulm, Dark Secret, Picture and BlucrJdce also
ran. . : -, *: '
Second ra.ee. six furlongs, Slauson course —
Escalante, 114 (Dugan), 3 to 2. won; Miss
Betty, 94 (L. Jackson). 6 to 1 second;* Jim
Gore. Ill (R. Murphy). 2 to 1. third. Time,
1:13. Nona ' B, Skirmish. Urbano. Japalac,
Moonstone. Evermore; Profitable. The - Coven
anter and Eva: D also ran. • • ,. .r.V.L-r .
Third race, six furlongs, selling-— Eugenia B.
$5 (Anderson), 2 to 1. won; Dollie Weithoff. 1CS
(Lawrence), 4 to 1, second; Wager. 104 (Lowe),
10 to 1, third. Time. 1:15. Durbar, Blue
Miracle. Estado, Quidado and Nanona also ran.
Fourth race, handicap, one mile — Callant. 105
(Fefcnt). 5 to 2, won; M. F. Tarccy, 90 (Du
gan). 15 to 1. second; Golden Mineral, 104
(Lawrence). 7 to 2, third. Time. 1:42. El
wood, Foncasta, Straggler, C. B. Campbell and
Glennevis also ran.
¦ Fifth race, cne and a quarter miles, selling —
Diamante. 104 (Dugan). '2 to 1, won; John Me-
Gurk. 103 (Lawrence), 3 to 1. second: Labor,
108 (Sinnott). S to 5, third. Time. 2:09. The
Ladaean, Homage, Jingler and Merwan also
ran.
Sixth race, three-year-olds, non-winners of
sweepstakca, six furlongs — Columbia Girl, 07
(M. Johnson). 3 to 2. won; Golden Boy. IC3
(Lawrence). VI to 1. second; Wlnnlfreda, 9.J (L.
Jackson). (I to 1, third. Time, 1:15. . Atlantico.
Harrington, Pat Bulger and Carnival also ran.
Jeffries Staits West To-Day.
NEW YORK, 'April 6.— Jim Jef
fries, who intended to leave to-day for
San Francisco to get into shape for
his championship battle with Jack
Munroe on May 30, has postponed his
departure until to-morrow. The big
champion was unable to complete his
arrangements in time for his'depar
ture to-day.
He will be accompanied to the
coast by his manager, Billy Delaney:
Joe Eagan and Joe Kennedy, the
California heavyweight. Jeffries said
to-day he expected to beat Munroe
in less than ten rounds.
WASHINGTON, April C— The House. Com
mittee on Public Lands gave a hearing on the
bill for the rer>eal of the timber and stone act
to-day. Representative Williamson j of .Oregon
spoke In opposition to It.
CALLAXT A WINNER
The entry of • Veterano was ordered
refused in future at Oakland' track by
the judges, for ; inconsistent running.
Some other, entries were also passed
out by the : officials. The third race
had a decided off color look and - for
his inanimate handling of Hirtle, the
favorite, Buxton was placed on the
suspended list.: . Henry Spencer, who
rode Brennus in 'the same event, was
requested to accept no ': more mounts
at Oakland. In'the^closing number "on
the card, it was the opinion, of the: of-:
licials' that .Bozeman. who], piloted
Axmlnster," deliberately interfered* with'
Stewart, on Caronal, the favorite, and
the former rider was ordered sus
pended.
Frank O'Rourke swapped horses with
Steve; Judge , yesterday,., getting:, Bard
Burns in exchange for Young Pepper.
Twenty-one books; cut: in, and- busi
ness appears brisk as ever.
i Frank/f Skinner, : owner of Bombar
dier, purchased ; a half ; interest in ; Ho
ratius and Bill ) Massi e from J. * J. i Me-.
'Alester yesterday, morning. Frank had
a T swell bet ; down* on ¦ Horatius^ and 'was
not pleased over 'the : :} disqualifica
tion. - -.;.;, . :..':;....- .".'¦¦
% Dick Dwyer ; closed his ; ; season v of
starting here yesterday rand 'Jake' Holt=
man will. resume work, to-day. , Dice's
work has been far above the averaj?e,
It pays to be a. good talker at times.
J. Jones, who rode Veterano, is blessed
with a good gift of the "gab," while
Iva Powell, who rode . Horatius, is an
exceedingly reticent young man. .
Harry Stover's crack colt George P.
McXear was nearly put out of commis
sion in the two-year-old dash, over
four and a half furlongs. The big
son* of Torso went to the post a 3 to 5
chance and on the far turn, as See
cut in to the rail position with the fa
vorite. Salable Jumped on him and
came within a fraction of an inch of
severing the big fellow's near ham
string. Toward the close McNear
slackened up his speed perceptibly and
Salable only lost the verdict by a
scant head. Eduardo, now racing in
the colors of D. J. \Blakeman, and
trained by Harry Robinson, finished a
moderate third.
From . Marconigrams that were
flashed previous to the third, a
Futurity course sprint, a pyrotechnical
display was all arranged, .with Salto
as the center piece. Twelve men,
working an eight-hour shift, couldn't
count the money in thirty days that
went into the books on Dell Fountain's
gelding. He closed second choice to
HIrtle, but was sore coming from the
paddock and ran forth.' Tom Ryan's
Clausus. which receded ¦ from 10 to 20
and 25 to 1, soon'showed in front after
the start, winning as he pleased from
Emil, a 60 to 1 shot. Resigned, played
down to 8 to 1, finished in the show.
Buxton, on . Hirtle, a mare lightning
fast awav from the barrier, managed
to get mixed up in the bunch and went
on a sight-seeing; tour through Golden
Gate. Brennus displayed some -speed
with his 128 pounds, fading away as
the wire hove in sight. ' . , : -
Jack Crane's Byronerdale, second
choice .in the betting, captured the
coucluding number, a mile . selling ., af
fair. The gelding ruled second choice
in the ring and with "Big Bill" Knapp
up, ' sailed out in front" and ' stayed
there. Caronal, the favorite, was'al
most put , over the fence at the first
turn by Bozeman on Axmlnster and
then lost by less than a length. With
out interference he could scarcely have
lost. ' The show fell to Oro Viva, -"
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
STOVER'S COLT INJURED.
1 Honiton, the crack daughter of Or
monde, simply made a show of 'her
field in the fifth race of the day, a
six furlong purse event. Her odds fell
by degrees from 7 to 10 to 2 to 5, and
with Bonner in the saddle she led fron.
start to finish, winning ip a gallop in
1:13 flat. Mansard grew weary chasing
her, losing the place to Ocean Dream
by a neck. The other starters were
hopelessly outclassed.
Mountain won the opening event on
Educate, a 10 to 1 shot. The mare dkl
not lack speed and at the finish it
looked as if Mountain outfinished
Frank Otis on the mild favorite Our
Pride. "Willie See rode a vigorous race
on Cherries, taking the show at odds
of SO to 1. Box 'Elder ran fourth and
might have be'en closer up with a
stronger ride. Vonzollern had early
speed, but could not last the route.-v .
It was purely unintentional on the
part of Powell, who quickly straight
ened out the favorite and beat Veterano
a neck, Grafter 'being half a length
farther away. Jones claimed a foul and
after considerable deliberation it was
allowed by the Judges, Veterano being
placed first. Grafter second and the
favorite third.
Favorites again played in ill luck,
taking but two purses. Educate, Clau
sus and the handicap winner furnished
the big surprises.
The Judges at Oakland racetrack ren
dered a decision disqualifying: Horatius,
winner of the mile and a furlong hand
icap at Oakland yesterday, that may
have been Just and is in accordance
with the rules of racing, but it -was far
from being a popular one. .
Veterano, to which the race was
awarded, had J. Jones in the saddle,
and at one stage of the betting was
30 to 1. His was a surprising reversal
of form, for on March 30 in a handi
cap won by Ben MacDhui he finished
last, after failing to show a spark or
a flicker of speed. >
Horatius, ridden by Powell, carried
top weight. 111: pounds, and was backed
down from 11 to 5 to 3 to z favoritism.
Gateway and Grafter cut out the run
ning necks apart for nearly a mile,
when the former began 'to droop, and
Jones closed on Grafter with Veterano,
the 97-pounder, the issue looking to be
between the pair. Horatius," though, is
something of a stretch runner himself
and seventy yards, from the wire he
nabbed the leaders, at the same time
swerving in some and slightly bump
ing Veterano, which horse in turn
bumped Grafter.
FOUIj IS UNINTENTIONAL.
GALEY BEATS SCHULTZ
CROWD IS DISAPPOINTED
Olympic Club Swimmers Are
the Victors in Closely
Contested- Relay Event
Management States That
the New Course in the
South Has Made Money
Decision of the Judges
Causes Much
Comment.
LOSES BY A LONE TALLY
Portland Struggles Hard to
Stop the Advance of Peter
and His Tossers. but Fails
Demand Increase in Purses
and \Wlien Magnates De
cline They Prevent' Show
OAKLAND KEEPS
FORGING AHEAD
LURLINE TEAM
MEETS DEFEAT
SEASON CLOSES
AT ASCOT PARK
HORATIUS IS DISQUALIFIED
AND VETERANO PLACED FIRST
BOXERS FORM
STRONG UNION
RACING JUDGES SUSPEND JOCKEYS BUXTON AND BOZEMAN
£ SAN. FRANCISCO CALIi; THURSDAY. APRTL 7,-190*;
10
AS V JiBTISEM JLN TS.
men, Come to mei \
If • you don't feel right I 9
~~ f^\. can cure y° u with my Elec- H
_/\ ~}—^_,* 1 M I \ same house, and "I prove It 9
vB&bSF . ' \ ,V» ' " '^— *^^ === -— ZS^\^ years. I pleased to say that 9
RjHf a V V> **^^7" "Jf t after thr^e months' use of your Cl
iB@W \ ' \ • v V V rtiriniTCSiy BfIt I am compI " t * I >' cured and £
M ki I Y&ls^mT^ her of f ake« ¦ In the 2
f - >1*\19WTW&B* would not he ahle to handle 2
1 *%reENfc^g^MaBlftgSaHffiKrf th * bualnaas that would •
\sl e V:rT^B^Barlfta3MBr come to me. The "7roe «
m, yEaB&BwS&&£mB Wm Belt" fraud and the "Pree 9
I^SK Drujr" tcheme. which are •
J^L WdfsA not fre8 Kt *& hav » made «
SaN^*. /^'//v^^Si^^B every one skeptical, hut X «
* VSH9*mMBRm&ff thinar. and 1^1 hammer away 5
2'. \..'~> ¦'- ¦¦' ,-*-.-¦ InntU you know It." Z
; One thlnr every man ought: to know.' Is this: four body Is a machine f
It Is run by the steam.ln your blood and nerves. When you begin to break •
down in any way you are out of steam. just what I want to give •
you 'back. -.ggsSSSamnMBBBBfi 9
Mr. John O'Brien, 14M Fifth «t.. Oakland. Cat., writes: I suffered Intensely from •
teryj severe , lumbago.? blasters and medicine afforded no relief. After uslni Vwrr fl
Beltrfornlne days, my pains were cone and I have b«en free from sufrerlnr ever «lnce. fi
- X have a cure in every town. Tell me where yon -live and 111 rive* too. fl
the name of h man I've cured. • • I "" J ™ *?
¦¦¦/'¦ T * u m 5 your-.trouble and I'll tell you honestly whether I can cure you O
or,no|. If. I cant cu«re you, ; I don't .want your money. . I, have been in this S
business ; twenty-two years.^and^amithe biggest ; man in It. to-day bv lone Z
odds. 'and, I. am. rrowing. yet." because t I- give every man all he pays for! f
Now wouldntyou t rather, wear^ my llfe-givinr appliance while you sleep •
every night and feel Its glowing warmth pouring into you "and feel vour- •
self, taking on, a, new lease of, Jlfe 'with, each application, than to cloe vour fl
Intestines up^with ! a-lot.of -nauseous drugs?; Surely.v Try me/ . fl
*/ Mr. ' Jaines Cuyler,. Reno.'Nirv.. writes:. I hare used your" Electric Belt and can Q
truthfully «ay that It has cured me of was . suppcsM to be a hopeless cao of «
lame back, r I am nowjn perfectlhealt h 1 and the credit is due. to your; treatment. ™ S
If you .will come and see -me' I'll explain to you. If you can't call" let 2
me send, my book, ; full of.the things a man finds inspiring to streneth'and X
courage. If you send this ad. • . -;- ¦ fl
DR. M. C. McLAtJGHLIN S
¦- ,'; Office Hours— R a.m. to 8 p.- m.'; ; Sundays. 10 to 1 * *
AJVEBTISEMENTS. Q
Blood Troubles f^|§
Bad blood is the source of numerous aches and pains 1*V *WeBf
and the causs of nearly all stubborn, long-continued dis- C^t- ZStiSt
eases. When the blood jets out of order, disease germs fej^^^^fe*
and poisons of various kinds find their wav into the cir- iSf SkSKShImK
culation and some serious trouble is the result. Rheu- W&™mtfBEr*
matism. Malaria. Old Sores and Ulcers, Scrofula. Anemia Jx^SaSf^^O
and many pustular or scaly skin eruptions, like Eczema' WVVTwSKwf
Salt Rheum and Tetter, have - .. ' . . . -zT . . \
their beginning in bad blood, .J.l^L.^*? ™ y^!?^ I ! r " B bad »" •?idencod.br
and only a remedy that enters ££ onSe Wt So ?" " T , m^ ms oa diff «« n^
.. ,. J • «.-- 14 paira 01 tae oocy. so I concluded to trrSH-fl ;
into the circulation and de- knowing it to b«hirhly«p ek en of : iftwu.inr a
stroys the gen as and poisons, aamberof bottle*-my blood was thoroughly purl-
can have any permanent good fled ',, and ,? wa« r»li«Tcd' of all eruptions and
effect «po» > . P SS«eof I k£s r^S U & nm^JS%Z? L &* iJg.7^2S
Character. anyone in ne«d of such* medicine would do well
You can't check a blood towwit. ¦ Mr«. c. E. 8HOEMAXJ5B.
disease by any external treat- 610 E> p »"e»on St., Allianc., o. '
ment ; the sores and eruptions that appear upon the surface of the body are
only manifestations or symptoms of some internal disorder that cannot be
*- x^*s x 1 "*^ reached from the outside. VS. S. S. antidotes the poi-
f(^^ iC^ ftf sons ' huraors and acids that are the real cause of
r disease, cleanses and enriches the blood, and builds
b^y " P - at the Same tirae the ? cneral health. S. S. S.
invigorates all the organs and parts of the system
and stimulates them to , greater activity, and strong nerves : and ' renewed
health is the^ result. If you have any blood trouble, ¦ write us. No charge
lor medical advice THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, 6*.vEvery One Knows.
Thousands arc asking for the reduced
rates to the St. Louis "World's Fair.
Everybody knows 'the Santa • Fe . is . the
short quick way. Inquiries addressed 641
Market street, San Francisco, will be an
swered at once. Bh&amrtBBaSM
NEW YORK. April ¦ 6.— Bishop ' Isaac W. ;
Joyce and a party of twelve missionaries, en
¦rounte to tbe general ; conference of the Metho
dist Episcopal church at Los Angeles, "arrived
to-day on the ¦ steamshto City of ' Washington
from-Coloa. ' !
Petitions in Insolvency were filed
yesterday in the United States District
Court as follows: Mary F. Gannon,
school teacher, San Francisco, liabil
ities $2740, no assets; Lrf>uis H. Egert,
clerk, Oakland, liabilities $752, no as
sets; James P. Whitaker, farmer, San
ta Rosa, liabilities 51224, assets 5210.
Petitions in Insolvency.
J. F. Howard, watchman at the Sau
salito ferry, reported to Sergeant Ellis
and Policeman J. R. Dower early yes
terday morning that he had seen a
man walking along the slip between
Clay and Washington streets and
when he called upon the man to stop
he hurried along and Jumped into the
bay. Howard saw him floating under
the wharf and heard him calling for
help. . The officers procured a skiff
and a grappling hook, but could not
find the body.
Unknown Man Drowned.
Thomas Fallon was charged by a
Coroner's jury yesterday with the
murder of his wife, Agnes, on April 1.
1904, by firing four bullets into her
body.
Fa lion Charged With Murder.
Julius Cook brought suit yesterday
against the United Railroads to recover
$299 99 for alleged injuries sustafned by
being run into by a McAllister-street
car while driving an express wagon.
Says United - Railroads.
George C. Katz, as trustee of the
trusts created by Frederick Katz for
the benefit of Gecree and Louise San
dow, his grandchildren, filed' notice
yesterday that he would on April. 15
,Jn Judge Kerrigan's court move to set
aside an order granting the Sandows
an allowance, claiming that to pay
the allowance he will have to dispose
of part of the trust properties, thus
defeating the object of Katz's ,will.
Opposes Children's Allowance.
In this way Church procured kodaks
from Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street, and Kirk, Geary & Co., 112
Geary street; typewriters from E. ,L
Smith, Oakland: Smith Premier agency,
110 Montgomery street, and others;
shoes from the Regal Shoe Company.
Geary and Stockton streets, besides,
other articles from different firms. 'He
sold two typewriters to the train dis
patchers of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. «,'¦*;
The police say that Carr admits he
Is a deserter from the army. He was a
member of the Fifteenth Cavalry.
Henry Carr, pawnbroker, 516 Dupont
street, was arrested yesterday . and
booked at the City Prison by Detectives
• Ryan and Taylor on charge's of receiv
ing stolen property and falling to make
an entry in his books at the time -of
purchase as required bylaw. The war
rants were sworn to before Police
Judye Fritz.
' Carr's arrest is a result -of a con
fession made by Morris Church that
he had entered Into an agreement with
Carr to the effect that Carr would pur
chase from him any articles, although
knowing them # to \ have been stolen.
Church, in Carr's presence yesterday
morning, repeated his charge against
Carr and said that It was understood
between them that when any suspicious
person was in the store when Church
called Carr was to shake his head. The
first time he sold anything to Carr
was on January 10, the article being
a revolver that Church had stolen "in
Oakland.
Church was also booked on a charge
of grand larceny and four charges of
petty larceny. He is the man who has
been telephoning to business houses to
send articles to another business house
and when the messenger appeared with
the articles Church would take the
package from him and .tell him it was
all right. • Then Church would take the
articles, so he alleges, to Carr and
sell them.
In the United States District Court
yesterday morning William F. Dasha
followed the example set on the pre
ceding day by Thomas J. Dempsey and
pleaded guilty of having conspired
I with Thomas T. Burnett, T. J. Demp
sey and Wong Din to land Chinese il
legally in the United States. The
trial of Wong Din was then proceeded
\rifh and the jury after nineteen min
j utes* absence from the courtroom
I brought in a verdict of guilty as
charged. Wong %was ordered to ap
| pear for sentence on Saturday.
As soon as the gap made in the jury
¦ on the preceding day by the with
i drawal of Juror Rudolph Mohr had
I been filled from the panel J. C. West
! moved for a dismissal of the indlct
j ment against Wong- Din on the ground
i that. he had been once in jeopardy be-
I fore the jury of the preceding day and
j by the discharge of Juror Mohr after
; the jurors had been sworn to try the
! case. United States District Attorney
! Woodworth called the attention of the
I court to the fact that Mohr had been
| discharged on Mrr West's motion.
I Judge de Haven, addressing Mr. West,
remarked sternly: "You cannot take
i advantage of what was done on your
! own motion. This is trifling with the
j court and I don't propose to have any
thing of that sort here."
Thomas T. Burnett told the story
, of the conspiracy hatched in the Coun
! ty Jail, of which Dasha, Dempsey,
j Wong Din, Deputy United States Mar
shal William P. Gamble and himself
were members. Three or four days
prior to August 7, 1903, Wong Din
asked Burnett to substitute five Chi
nese for five prisoners then in jail
I awaiting deportation, the price agreed
j upon being $1000, or $200 for each
; person substituted. Between 9 and 10
I p. m. of August 7 Wong Din brought
| five Chinese substitutes to the jail and
I took away the five prisoners. On that
| occasion he made a part payment of
i $600 - to Burnett, who divided the
j money among his confederates. On
I the following morning Deputy Marshal
Gamble took the five substitutes from
I the jail to the steamer which was to
; eall for China on that day.
United States Marshal Shine related
! that he arrested Wong Din in China- |
town of September, 1903, and took j
him handcuffed to room 61 in the
Russ House, where the prisoner made
a confession and talked so fast that t
the officials could not keep up vritti j
him.
Judge de Haven ruled that any evi
dence as to the confession was not
admissible, Wong Din being under
duress at the time.
The prisoner then went on the stand j
and flatly denied having been a party j
to the conspiracy or of having paid j
anybody any money.
The third indictment, charging J
Dasha, Dempsey, Burnett and Lee Lim ;
with conspiracy. wJW be taken up this j
morning, but will probably be post
poned on account of the absence from
the city of Samuel M. Shortridge, at
torney for Lee Lim.
Judge Terms His Conduct
in Filing Objections as
Trifling With the Court
Morris Church, a Deserter
From the Army, Reasserts
They Had an A greement
SELLER IS ALSO BOOKED
Since he was arrested at Los An
geles and sent back; here A. "J.. Stark,
A warrant is out for the arrest -of
one Richard Doe, who aided and abet
ted Mr. Devin's efforts - to transform
the theater into a rough house. V ,
It was testified that there was no
genuine provocation for the defend
ant's disorderly behavior, as all whose
¦work elicited, his disapproval were
ladles and gentlemen \ of/ long experi
ence and creditable standing in the
profession, and that they neither said
nor did anything that could bring rea
sonable protest from the most fastid
ious . stickier for stage propriety. In
other words, Mr. Devin's conduct was
simply an ebullition of instinctive and
uncontrollable hoodlumism, and after
pronouncing It such Judge Mogan or
dered him to appear to-day for sen
tence.
' Emil Devin disturbed the peace of a
Broadway vaudeville by jeer
ing at the performers whose "turns",
did not please him and then assault-
Ing the special policeman who first ex
postulated and then ejected him.
The complaining witness was J. E.
Allison, president of. the aforemen
tioned corporation, and he accused the
defendant of having willfully misap
propriated about $350 of the funds en
trusted to him as manager. The de
fense was an acknowledgment that
the money had been received as
charged, but that it had been dis
bursed among other corporations with
which the Farmers* and Manufactur
ers' Association was financially affili
ated. The plea was thoroughly sub
stantiated by evidence.
Judge Cabanlss dismissed a charge of
felony embezzlement against Charles
E. Clark, . assistant manager of the
Farmers' and Manufacturers' Associa
tion of America, and supplemented the
order of dismissal with a voluntary
opinion that Mr. Clark's conduct in the
premises had been absolutely blame
less.
• • •
"monkey" with the law's well regulated
machinery can be testified to by
K. I>alis and corroborated by one Gus
Cotherintien. It was either a pitiful
misconception of the duties and re
sponsibilities attached to the office of
policeman, or an indiscreet desire to
relieve one of those functionaries of
his prescribed work, that led Mr. Dalis
to take into his own hands the task
of effecting the arrest of a man who
had assaulted him, and it was the error
thus committed by Mr. Dalis that led
to the wrongful placing of Mr.. Cothe
rintien In the position of a defendant
before Judge Conlan.
Mr. Dalis, who resides at 777 Folsom
street, swore to a warrant accusing one
Gus Macres of battery, and without
fretting the document signed by a mag
istrate or enlisting police aid in any
way he went forth to arrest his al
leged assailant. He must have been
somewhat in doubt as to the identity
of the man he desired to punish, for
it was Gus Cotherintien instead of Gus
Macres that he dragged into court. It
took Judge Conlaii just about three
minutes and a quarter to ascertain that
Mr. Dalis had committed a serious
blunder and to order the case stricken
from the calendar.
"The next time you want to have
any one arrested." said the Judge to
Mr. Dalis. "you would better let the
police act for you. They are better
acquainted with the circumlocutory
preliminaries of warrant-serving than
any amateur can possibly be. Tour
zeal — some people might term it stu
pidity — has put this Mr. Cotherintien
to a great deal of inconvenience,
though if he had exercised a little or
dinary intelligence he might ' have
averted It by discovering your mis
take. How you managed to get him
this far' toward trial without encoun
tering a snag is one thing that puzzles
me and leads to the inference that
there is a defect In our time-honored
routine."
Mr. Cotherintien did not seem to un
derstand why he was released any
more than he understood why he had
been arrested. M^^
That it is unsafe for a layman to
As they sat in court the defendants
were closely veiled, until the Judge or
dered them to remove the face cover
ings. Then he pronounced them guilty
as charged, and expressed regret that
strict adherence to the letter of the
law prevented him from punishing
them for attempted highway robbery.
They will be sentenced to-day.
Accompanied by the complainant, the
officer began a search of the neighbor
hood and was soon rewarded by find
ing Annie and Mary Ellen seated in
a Mission-street restaurant- They were
partaking, of the best the larder af
forded and chatting and laughing as
they ate, when the policeman claimed
them as his own. To this the restaura
teur fijed protest, on the ground that
he had received no payment for the
viands which had been ordered by
Mary Ellen. She pleaded inability to
pay, and the caterer was insisting en
holding her as security for the debt,
when a perplexing situation was clari
fied by the officer's suggesting that an
additional charge of defrauding an inn
keeper be entered against the debtor.
This was done.
Mrs. Minnie Irwin of 2229 Weolsey
street, Berkeley, was .the complaining
witness. While walking along Mission
street, between Third and Fourth, last
Tuesday afternoon she was stopped by
Annie Meehan and requested to '"hand
out some money." Surprised and a little
startled at the woman's manner, Mrs.
Irwin endeavored to resume her walk,
but was restrained by Annie, who
roughly repeated that she wanted
money, and wanted it "right away."
Then, becoming thoroughly frightened,
Mrs. Irwin attempted to run past An
nie, and had almost succeeded in doing
so, when Mary Ellen grabbed Irer and
with an epithet hurled her against the
wall. The lady managed to continue
her flight, however, and ran until she
met Patrolman Moriarity, to whom she
recounted her experience.
Judge Mogan sarcastically congratu
lated Annie Meehan and Mary Ellen
] Farrier, middle aged and shabby gen
teel, upon the fact that they were not
accused of footpedism instead of beg
ging, and hinted that the. evidence
pretty clearly proved them guilty of
the former offense.
Barney Hoffman and Isaac Magedin
were given six months apiece, by Judge
Fritz. Originally charged with grand
larceny, they pleaded guilty to petty
pilfering. "~ *
Sarah Martin, accused of stealing $180
from Steven Sadowa in a Kearny
street lodging-house, has been sent to
the Superior Court by Judge Mogan,
with ball fixed at $2000.
Police Officer Connolly testified that
Ah Sin could not be literally accused
of selling lottery • tickets because the
tickets he sold to unsophisticated Cau
casians in the wholesale district were
not issued by a lottery, but were man
ufactured by Ah Sin himself. But that
was not the entire. limit of Ah Sin's
fraudulent enterprise. After he . had
sold the tickets he woula visit his vic
tims the next day and show them whai
he professed to have been the result of
the formal drawing the previous even
ing, and each of them would thus be
convinced that he had just missed by
one dot the winning of a valuable prize,
so of course he would try again, paying
Ah Sin 25 cents for the privilege.
Ah Sin was remanded by Judge Mo
gan till to-day, when he will probably
put up some sort of a defense.
Edward Mitchell, alias Charles Mitch
ell, alias Ernest Carron, was first con
victed of grand larceny September 5.
1S90, but escaped through a legal loop
hole. On October 30 of the same year
he was found guilty of robbery and
sentenced. March 30, 1891, he was given
ninety days for vagrancy. June 13,
1S92, he was convicted of robbery, and
three days later additional charges of
burglary and assault to murder were
proved against him. July 29, 1902, he
was sentenced to seventeen years at
San Quentin. A few days ago he was
released.
After the disclosure of the defend
ant's identity the prosecution closed its
case and the criminal of deceptive en
semble will offer his defense to-day.
-When an honest-faced, genteel-look
ing man stood accused of robbery the
other day in Judge Mogan's court the
general impression of the uninitiated m
the ways of crime and criminals was
that a mistake had been made despite
damaging evidence of hia guilt. The
complaining witness was a soldier
np.med Searl, who testified that the de
fendant had snatched his watch and
chain and ran, closely pursued by the
complainant, until his flight was
stopped by Police Corporal Egan. The
watch and chain were" not in* the "pris
oner's possession and- that fact prob
ably enhanced the impression of in
nocence created by his open counte
nance and respectable apparel. He
said his name was Ernest Carron, em
phatically declared he was guiltless of
crime and asseverated that never be
fcre had he been subjected to the in
dignity of arrest. Then, at the request
of the police, he was remanded for
further inquiry as to his past The
investigation was concluded yesterday
and reported in court and the Judge
fairly gasped as he heard the man's
record unfolded. -
Johnson was arrested on complaint
of his young wife, whoXtold a story
of the man's depraved cruelty that
brought upon him the ¦ most scathing
contumely ever delivered from the
bench of Mo?an — and that is saying
more than a little for the vigor of the
denunciatory address.
Michael Johnson's attorney did not
help his client's case to any palpable
extent by objecting to almost every
word of interrogation uttered by Judge
Mogan, for • the defendant was pro
nounced guilty of carrying concealed
weapons and then sentenced to the
maximum penalty— six months in the
County 'Jail— for that offense. Then the
Judge hinted that to-day he will place
Johnson under a $5000 bond to keep the
peace. In default of furnishing good
and sufficient sureties for that amount
the unhappy Johnson is likely to spend
six months additional in durance. A
charge of threatening to kill will also
be heard to-day.
Unless the Sheriff or one of his dep
uties formally charges Stark with jail
breaking be is likely to elude punish
ment for that offense. It was for send
ing dire threats to members of the;
opulent Huntington family that he was
arrested in Los Angeles, and the au
thorities of that city evidently em
braced with avidity the chance to send
him back to San Francisco.
After repeated requests to aprjsar in
court and sign a complaint charging
Stark with escaping from th£ County
Jail, the former superintendent of that
institution, A. J, Martin, yesterday
responded in person, but politely de
clined to do as advised; \£hen asked
for a reason he; said that he is no
longer in public office and does not
want to adulterate his private busi
ness with public affairs of any kind.
The court remonstrated, but -the .-ex
jailer turned a deaf ear -to reminders
of the duties of citizenship, etc., and
firmly stalked out. of court.
who escaped from the: County Jail ere
he Journeyed -to the. southland, has
become a familiar figure in Jud?e Mo-'
san's court. It is the evident desire of
that tribunal to punish Stark for his
jail-break, because it was a misde
meanor and also because he is a no
toriously bad character, but at every
hearing a new obstacle rises to inter
fere with the programme- v
Pawnbroker Accused of Ee
ceiving Stolen Property
and" ~3sot Entering Same
BEBUKES LAWYER WEST
Jurors Consume Nineteen
Minutes in Deciding to
Convict His Chinese Pal
Two of Them Accost Berkeley Lady en Mission Street, and
After Roughly Demanding Money One of Them Assaults
Her— Mqgan Regrets Attempt to Rob Was Not Charged
FEMALE BEGGARS APPLY
METHODS OF FOOTPADS
CHARGES MADE
AGAINST CARR
WILLIAM DASHA
PLEADS GUILTY
THE SAX FRANCISCO. CALL. THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 1904.
11
ADVXBTISEMEUTS.
I _ *stS^C»i*
gl 1 ST0MACF L % g
Now is the time you need a medi-
cine to tone up the system, drive out
the -winter- impurities and overcome
that tired feeling. - There's none to
equal 'the Bitters. . . -
Try a Bottle. It always cures Indi-
gestion, Dyspepsia. Colds, La Grippe,
I Spring Fever or General Debility.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
g. 6. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thur.. Apr. 14. 2 p. m.
E S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Apr. 23. 11 a.m.
g S. ALAMEDA. tor Honolulu. Apr. 23, 11 a.m.
I HSFEECKL5 1 BE01 Ca,AH*.,TiCbt Ofltt 643 lar-
tk sl, ntifctt caa 323 Karttr st, PiH7,P*xilsSL
v^v- KOSMOS LINE.
{Wndbrfq (Maetllan Route.)
X&LJJ P**s?nger Serrtce — Through With-
VHn ~ out Chanse.
-<Scsi ¦ s. s. "AMAsia.*/ 7000 ton*.
,- <T . captain C. Jansen. FalUna; from
Eaa Francisco on or about April 20, 1904,,. for
London, Hambarc and all principal ports la
Mexico. Central and South America. For rates
and particulars apply at passenger office. «1
Market st., or .
, LKXDAL M. -GRAY.; Manaser.
529 Market St., - San Francisco.
I ./ avMssr W] TnlBilesreaadaf*
I M DUX M « 6MAJTA 1 £. I
I " V aoVris / » I dne to arrive a*
yOVJ=l^y SAX FRAXCXSCO.
\^ f i y (Mala Line. Terry D«?e»,
W *^*r j ect at Market Street.)
ta*.TB — Fbo» y«»»CAST 17. l'-'Ot. — Aaarra |
7J)0a Vacarllle. Wtrft«r». l:aa»«r~ 7-60r'
' 7X0* Beaicia, Sifaua. Elsstra aad Saera-
meatu 7-23-*
7.30a Tallejo, Napa, Callstccm Sa&U
Rosa. Martinez. Sin Ramos 5 20-'
740a Ktles. Ltvermare, Tncy. Ltthropi.
Stockton 7.20P
I.49& Sh»stA Express— (TU DsrU).
WilMami (for Bartlett Sprinxs>.
WUIo^ra. tFrato. Ked Cla&
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle 7-50'
I40a DsT:«.Wi»i;a=d. KnUIu* L«ml:aj.
- - ¦ MaryiTlUe. OrovUle 7-50*
140a Port Costs, llart'a'z. Antloco.
Brroa. Tncy. Stockton. New-
aaaa. Los Sa&os. 11 e a i o t a.
Annoaa. Haaford. Vtialia. ¦
PorterTlUe 4^0p
8 .Ma Fort Co* to. Martiaez. Tracy. La:i-
rop. Modesta Merced. Freiath
6osbea Jaactlon. Eaaford.
Visalla. BakewfleM :~ «-53f
840a KUet, Saa Joie. Ltrermore. Stock-
ton, (tMllton}. lose. Saers.m»ntsi.
P1scerr«l«. MaryiTllle. Caie».
Bed Bluff 4-20r
840a OaiiUl-. Chinese. Jaaesto-To. 8o-
norm. Taolmnm aad Aoseli ..... A.ZOr
0.00a Atlantic Expreas— Ogdea sad E«»5. 11.20%
940* Blehmoad, Martlau aad Way
Stattoas .- • SO?
10 CO* Tae' Orerlsad Ltmlted — Ozdea.
DeaTf r. Oaahs. Chicago. S 20?
10-COa VaUeJo. 1223#
10-00* Los Ae^eles P»i«f =s*r — Port
Costa. Martiaez. Byroa. Tracy. ¦
Lain -op. Stockton. Merced.
BaysiO3<t. Fresao. Oo».h»n Junc-
tion. Hanford, Lemoore. VIsaltv
B.'.i'nltli Ui Aci'lfi 7-20*
IS-OObi Hayvsrd. JJHes aad Way StsUoas. 320?
! tl-OOr Bacnmento KWer Steamers ...fil-CO
S40r Bentcla. Winter*. Saeraaeato.
Wcodlaad. SoU'bli Landio;.
MarysTine. OroTllls sad way
station* 13-53*
S-SOr Hayward, Nile* and Way Station*.. 7-50?
S.SOp Port . Costa. Martinez. Bjraa.
Tracy. LatS rop. M o d e • t a,
Mrreed. Fresno and Way Su-
tlons beyond Port Costa. 12.20
340? Martinez. Tracy. Stoektoo.Lodl... 10.20a
4-OCr Mtrtl&e*,SanR*mon.Vs.lleJ<vXapa.
Callstoga. Ssata Coaa ... ' 9 20 *
400r Ktlea. Traer. Stocktoa. Lodt 4.2Or
4.3Or Hayward. Klles. Irriaa-toa. Saa I *3.5O»
Jose. LtTermore } :n.5O*
6C0r Tbe Owl Limited — Ve«m«a. Los
Baaos. Meadota. Fretao. Talare, -
Bakersfield. Los Angeles.
Soldea Slate Limited Sleeoer.
Oakland to Los Angeles, tor CM-
c«eo. Tla C. R. 1. A P...... ... 8.50 1
6.C0p Port Coata. Tracy. 8 rocSru>»,....__ 12 20?
f540r Hayward. Klles and San Jo»« ...— 7.20a
6-COf Hayward. 2>Hes aad 5a a Jove....... 3i0*.
S COr Eaitera Express — O* V^ 1 - Dearer.
Omaha. Su Louis, caleaga and
Kast. Port Costa. Bealcia. 3al-
• aa, Etmtra, Darls, 5scr»m*a:<\
P.oc'iltn. Aabora, Celftx,
Trsekee. Boca. Beao. Wad»
worth. WIcnemncca ............. 8-2«V
f . COr Tallejo. dally, except Sand*/.... I 7 ,„_
74JOP Vanejo. Sanday only f 7^0*
7JQQr BlcamoDd. Saa Pablo. Pert Coats,
Martinez and War Station* 1123a
I-CSt Oregon A California Exprex — Sao
ramenta, MarytTiUe. Beddlaf;
Portland. Pnjet Sotsad and East. 9. S3 a
1.1 Or Hayward. Xlles aad Saa Jose (Soa-
daygaly) 11.60%.
.COAST LINE <--.srr»" Uau;e).
(foot of Maricet Street.) -
8.1 Ba Newark. CoaterrlUe. 6«a Je««.
Feltoa. Boaljer Creek. 8aata>
Cnu aad Way Stations........... 5-53»
tZ-ihr Vcwark, Ceaterrtlle, Saa Jose,
Kew Almadea.Loa Guocreltoa,
Boalder Creek. Saat* Cnu aad .
Prlacijal Way SUUoas t!0-33»
4.1&> Hewsrk. 8aa Jose, LosOatoe aad I tg.S5 *
'__ waystaUona itiOSSA
J «940» Hnaters Tnla. SatarOay oaly. Saa
J«e aad Way Station*. Betors-
las; rma Los Gatnt Saaday oaly. Xt 2Sr
¦OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrom SAN * KANCISCO. F«ot of Market St. {3UyU
-17:13 irtX) 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3 CO 515 tji
Wnm OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t«:UJ ti:M
tS:05 W-.OOajc' 12.00 2X0 4-COr.a.
COAST LINE (BruJ MaacsL ™
%W ( fttlrd »»d Tawaieail Streeta.)
1.1 0a Saa Jeaeaad Way SMtloaa...^...^ 840a>~
700* Saa Jose aad w«y Statfooa... 5-3<5p
|40a Kew Almadea (Ta;i, FrM, «aly), 4.10r
: * CO* Tbe Coaiter — Stops oaly Saa Joe,
Gflroy (cooaectloa for Hotlia.
ter). Pajaro. Castrorllle (coa-
Bectlon to aad fron Monterey
aad PaciSe Grore). Sstlaaa. Saa
* Arto. Paso Roble*. Saata M*r-
(arita. Saa Lois Oblipo. prtncipU
stations thence Sarf (cooaec:Jca
for Lotnpoe). prlacl?«l ttatloas
taeace Saata B*ri>ara.Saa Baeaa-
reatara. San^is. Los ABgele*... 13-4*>
.l.tfii Saa Jose. Tres Plaos, Cspltola,
SaatACrnz.PaciacOroTe.Sallaas,
Ssa Lnis Ublspo aad Prlact?*! .-
Way StaQoas * ¦ ¦ - -- 4-19p
1049a Baa Jose aad Way Stations.. 1.20?
-1140a Saata Clara, Saa Joae. Lo* Gatoe
aad Way Station* 749r
. 140r Baa Joae aad Way Stations „ 138*
8-C07 Del Monte Exprens— Santa Clara,
' Baa Jose, Del Moate, Moaterey. -
' Pacific Grore (coaaects at Saata
Clara for Eaata Cnu, Boalder
Crce&aadXarrowGitixePotau) •"»
• st Gnroy * for HoKlster. Tres *"
Plaos. at CaatroTlile for Satlaas. : 1>.1a>
J-30F Trei Pino* War P»!nea*er... ...... 10 45*
44OP 8aa Joae aad Way Sutloai........ tS CO*
tSOOr &aa Jose. (Tto Saata Clara) Lae
G*to». aad P.-laclpa: Way Sta-
. Uoo» (except Saai»r1i ........... ti CO* ,
(840r San JoseaadPrtael»alWt»atafl*as |140a '
SCOT &anset Ltmlted.— Bedwood. S»a
Jose. 6 13 roy , S allaaa,Paso Bobles.
Baa Lala Obtspo, Saata Barbara,
Loe Ans-elea. Cemlac. XI Paso,
Kew Orieaaa. Sew Tork. Cea» .-
aects at Pajaro for Saata Croa
aad at CaatrortU* for Facias
GraTe aad Way StaUoaa. 7-18*
- tt.1&> EaaMateo.BeretfonUBelswat.8aa
Carlos. Bedweed, Fair Oaks,
Mcalo Park. Pslo Alto .... HU
8 SOy iaaJcse and Way 3ta«o=s.. ....... 644a
' t<0» Palo Alto acd Way Statiocs....... 10.18a
11 M* Santa Saarraactseo.MBlHrse.Bw
. S ttacasie, Ssa M«:eo. Belmoat. . -
Saa Carlo*. B«dw«od. Tatr Oaks, .
Menlo Park, sad Pal* Alto...... ¦ , %JAi
•114tr Haraetd, Mouauia Tlew. Saaar- '
Tale, Lawrtace, Santa Clara aad
gaaJose..... tl<lr
A for Uoratac. P far Axteraeosv ""
1 8 naday excepted. S Saadaj ealy
a Batarday oaly. •
1 B toy* at an statioas ea 8aa«ay. .
t»- Oaiy train* itopptsc at VaKacls>8V*iiTaBBaJi
»re*:WA^,T400AJuU:»Aj»,l:»»j«,fJI»'JtsJM
1:81 FJt , . .-:-• - -' ' '--,r i
v TO SANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY^
MILL VALLEY,
GlZAJMa/EtCe
?1» SanssUlto Terrr.
.;' Suburtan Service, Standard Gau;s Electric—
. Depart ' frum - San Francaco Daily 7:00, 8:0Q
0:00. 10:00, 11:00 a. m.. 13:20, 1:45. 3:13. 4:1%
8:15,* 6:13. '7:00.-8:431 10:2»\ 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN FAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCC
—Daily. 5-25. « :35. 7:40. 8:35. 0^3. 11:05 a.
m.. 12:20, 1:45. 2:55. 3:44.- 4:45. 5:45. e:45,
8:45.-10:20 o. m. -.-'
FROM MILL VALLET'TO SAJf FRAX-
CISCO— Dsuly. 3:45. 6:55.' 7:32. 8:55. »:5S -
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:13. 4:05. 5:03. «:(W»
7:C5. 9:00. 10:35 p. n. WBBSjMBaaiijtanni JF,
.-•:-¦-- THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m daily— Cazadero and way statlosa
''5:15 p ' m.' week days (Saturday czcept«d>— '
Tomale* and • way stations. - ... ;
! 3:13 p. m. . Satardays-rCaxadero . aad waj
stations-' ."S^^awajJaaBBSjJW 1 " •* ¦ ' "- '^psBsaal
Sundays oaly— 10 a. • m.. Potst . Reyes ¦ an J
way stations. !^_ t **f^ 0 T^P0*9RHSBk^BtWB
-TICKET OFFICB-t«2« Market et. : . .
FERHT— Cnton : DepoC ' foot ' of Market at.
WEEKLY CALLt f 1.00 PEB YT.ATV
FREE! FREE ! FREE!
BRHBBHHsSfi^ — -cs^s9S«finnMB
"MGHTXTXG BREAD KXIFE"
(Pat^ntod,)
"A usefnl household article. One
of these premiums free to each
Want 'Advertiser in
;xext; Sundays call.
CALIFORNIA I
LIMITED TO CHICAGO 1
LEAVES DAILY 1
•t J)«O «. m^ through ta 3 days I
with dlaer and all trappiag*.^^. I
Otter Santa 7e Trains: * V .1
9-30 a" S*\ for stockton « Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p" ml j- Merced, Hanford and Visalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OrPICES — 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S.P. Also Ilia Broad-
way. Oakland. CaL 27 South Pirst St^
San Jose.
CALIFOBNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAVT.
Tiburon Perry. Toot of Market Street.
SAW PSAXTOZSCO TO SAN BAPAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30.' 5:10. 6:30 .p. m. Thursdays — Extra trl»
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. ra
SUN'DATS— 8:0O. 8:30 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
3:3O. 5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAW EAPAEL TO SA5 PXAZTCXSCO.
..WEEK DAYS — 6:00. 7^5 7:5O J#:20. 11:15
a. ra.; 12:50. 3:t». 5:C0. 5:20 p. in.
Saturday* — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40,
3:40. 4:55. 5:06. 6:25 p. m. .
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. I San Francisco.
Week I San- I Destina- I Sun-^J Week
Days. I days. | Uon. ' | days, j Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10a 8:40 a
9:30 a Ifnaclo. ¦ 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p . 6:05 p 6:20 p
ft:10p 5:00 p 7:35 p ;
7:30a - 9:10a 8:40a
8.00 a Norato, 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Fetaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
8:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Eanta Roea.
7:30 a 110:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. I 7:35 p 8:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p t
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburs, > 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3^0 p Geysenrille. 7:35 p 6:20 p
, Cloverdale,
7:30 a 8:00a Hopland 10:40a 10r20 a
3:30 p 3:30p| and L'kiaa. 7:35 p 6.20 p
7:3Oal 8:00a| WUUts. |7-^5pt6:20p
7:30 a! 8:0Oaj 110:40 all0:20 a
3:30 p[ 3^0 pf Gaernerllle. |7:33p|6:20p
7:30 at 8:00 al. Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
8:10 pj 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p{ 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:00 a! ~ 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| SebastopoL {7:35p{6:20p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin, at Santa Rosa- for White- Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton fcr Alrruria. and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skagrs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. BoonevtHo and Greenwood; at
: Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Bine Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Lierly*s
Bucknells. Sanbedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Coznptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
West Point, Usal; at WUIita for Tort Bragg,
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto, Covelo. Layton-
vllle. Cummlags, Bell's Springs, Harris, Ol-
sen'a. Dyer, Garberville, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. °
> Ticket offices, 630 Market street. Chronicle
building. »
H. C WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen.' Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Wt. Tamalpais Railway
; " Leave ! TkSnatfai fsrrj I Arrive
gaaPrancfrca, fyet «f Esrkat a 3aa Fraadeca)
! Week Sob. m S«a- Weak*
Days, days >TC&mPfflL. Daya.
«1W3a,*8:OOA l»OftrfoT^S|
•1i45r 9:OOa I»S B *•'«»» 3:io,
SilAp 1O:OOa %SSaSy» »:»Or 5:SOr
, 11:OOa IS if «:ft*p fthM*
•JSMstylssstsglaw T ss>C1«siT1Ts)ie-f
ti«MAMaTST^(NorttiShor»IUflroa4r
'..WKM I aad SaotaUto Vxxat. Foot Market Sc
BAJA CAUIFbRNiA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE.' 1NVIGORA-
tor -and Nervine. •
The moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The - Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tn»
Kidneys and. Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
-..:,' NABER. ALFS &> BRUNE. 'Agents. :•
¦ S23 Market st.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.) ;
jaitdP^J MENANDWOMElt.
«^H^^USE?%fl Cf«BIg«3farasaatTirai
1 ta i 6n9 dlscharg *«,iaaaatxia:ions,
JBBr Osarui«e4 V irrluUone or nlcsratioai
fSl Mt ta nrtstsr*. ™ of mucous maaQbran**.
i» 4 rr»Mk Cntmln. p»ia'.esf, aad not astria*
jgStjatEUllSCHtMO'.CO. jsat or polsonoTja.
l«M&CI»Wi)UTl > sMn ««14 by BraRlaU,
' T.%.1. ' -Mikr or sent ia plain wTapjer,
* <nBB1»ss> ilTTTM by azsren. pr»9»i4, far
tl.OO, or J bottles M.7i.
'¦ ¦ Circular sect oo nauesfc
DIRECTOR^
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and" Price Llsu Maiiai
1 • T on Application. -
' . ' PEESK AITD SALT MXATS. \ .
li^-RAVF^'* TU™ Sbrppina-: Butchers. 108
J A3. ilU I LO tt ,WU. - Ctoy. - TeL Main r 1294
**-;.'¦¦'¦ '-'¦¦\^' '"/ -oix«.v^ i^ : -y;. --« ;
LUBRICATING^ OILS; LEONARD *: ELLIS.'
;V; 418. Front*. at.. -8. iF.- Phone Main .1719. .,
.** ADVEBTISEJffENTS.
PositiTely cured by these
Little Pills.
Tbej also rp'Jrre Distress fixaa Dyspeprf*,
Isdigcsiioa and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
Sect remedy for Di—ncss, Xassra, Drowd-
o«s. Bid Taste ia the Mocth, Coatrd Tonrcs
Paia in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regelate the Boards. Purely Vegetable
8man Pill. small Dose.
Small Prfce.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
SFteajsers leave Ercaiiway
wharr«, piers 9 aad 11,
San Francisco.
For Ketchikan. Wranrel.
Jujseau. Haines. Skafuay.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. ra.. Apr.
S. :t\ iz. -0. 23. 30. May 3.
Cfcaca-e to Cc»pacy*s steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. B*l-
l:B*fca»— 11 a. ra.. Apr. ft, 10, 15. M. 25, 3a
May S. Chanfe at Seattle to this corapaoy"*
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle
<r Taccma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P.
Ry.
Fcr Eureka fHumbolflt Day>— Pomona. 1:30
P m . Apr. 4. 10. 16. 22. 28. May 4. Spokane.
1:30 p. ra.. Apr. 1. 7. 13. 19. 23 May 1.
Fcr Loe Angeles (via Pert Loe Acreles an<J
Reicrdo). San Dieso and Santa Barbara— Saa-
ta Rosa. Sunfiavs. 9 a. a.
State c: Calilornla, Thursdays'. 9 a. m.
For Los Anselea <rla San Pedro and East
fan Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Crux. Mon-
t*rey. Simeon. C*yu<ro«. Port Hartcrd (San
Luis OnlspcX. Ventttra and Uuenerae.
Crat. 9 a. nu. Apr. 19. (Freljrrit only.>
Bonlta. 9 a. ra.. Apr. 5. 13. 21. 29. May 7.
Fcr Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jese del
Cabo. Masatlaa. Altata. La Pax, Santa Ro-
falta, Guaynias (Jlex.). 10 a™ ra.. 7th each
month. For further information obtata folder.
r.pht is tMtned to chanse steamers or ¦aili&c
aatea.
TXCXXT OFFICES — 4 Xew Montgorn-
way *?.. i Palace Hotelv. 10 Market at. and Broad-
way wharv#«s. 7rei£iit OSce, 10 Market st.
C. D. DCXAXX. General Passeacer Ac«nt.
10 Market Ft.. Fan Fran««sco.
Tr-.e Pacific Transfer Co , 20 Satter et.. win
ca'I for and check baptraire from hotels ami
residence. Telephone Iixchar.se 312.
AHXSXCA.2T J.T3TE.
Plrmonth — Cherbourtr — Southampton.
i- -¦ :v. N>* York Saturday* at 9:50 a. n.
rhUadelphla ...Apr 23! Germanic May 7
&t. Lnoi»t April aOiFt. Paul May 14
ATLAXTIC TRASSPOET LIKE.
SfT Ycrk — Leaden Direct.
M;nrw»«.po4ts Apr. 23. nooa
M<*Mba April 30. » a. m.
Mirwt^Tilca May 7. 11 :30 a. m.
MSna^baha May 14. 4 p. m.
Only flrnt-riaKfi p»*s»mr«-rs carried.
soacrjnoa' liwe.
2Ccttreal — I^rerpool — Short sea. passage.
• Kpr.5tnrton Apr 3n 5o«thwark May 14
I " rr.'.r.if-n May 7; Canada May 21
HOLLAITD-ASIEKICA LI3TE.
N>* Ta-ln-Pcnrw Sfamen of 12.V10 Tops.
Kew Ycxk— BottexdAia. Vi» Boulome.
Tuesdays at 10 a. ra.
•Ryndam Apr. 19:Pots«Iara May 10
Nonrdam Apr. 26. Rotterdam ...May 17
•Wlli call at Plymouth.
BSD ETAE LI2TE.
jrew Tork — Antwerp— Faria.
Kn-m X'* Tor* Saturdays at 10:30 a. ra.
Z»*lar.d Apr. 23| Vadcrland May 7
Finland Apr. 3O 1 Kmcnlaml May 14
WHITE STAB ZJ3TE.
XTeer Ycrk — Qveenmttm — Z4rerpool.
SaUlns \V*dn»»da3np.
Ccdri'' ..Apr. S a-m;Oeeanic, ilay 4. 9 a.ra. ]
Ma'e«ttc. Apr.27.1O a.tn. TeutecSc.JI'y 11.10 a. m i
JUstMtt. Apr. 2T>. 5 rm. Celtic May 13. 4 p.m. :
Bostoa— Queesctown — Liverpool.
fytnrlc Apr. 21. May 13. June 16
F.cublic- ir.#w> Apr. 30. June 0, July 7
Cr»>T!<- May .V June 2. Jun* CO
SCSTOIT XEBTTE VK A 3TE A If SEHTTICE.
Axore*. Oibraltax. Katslea. O«soa.
DLNOPir Apr. 23. M«y t>, July 5
ROXA9TTC Hay 1*. Jun» 1«. July 30
C. P TATLOR. Passerja^-r Asrnt Pacific Coaet.
21 Peat St.. San Francisco.
£^*t^ TO THE
Yk K^^OatS. ClBCKLTAR^^j| k y
!&^a££?E»S. ."UPStlUXS. CtXQA^i
tj^VAPL^S & ALEXAV&S1A. RCYPT.g^
ROMANIC Apr. 8. May 14. Jane IS
CANOPIC Apr. 23. May 28, July 2
(Srtd fcr rates and Illustrated booklet.)
These steamer* ar« the larsm ta the
H«*ilt*rrscean service.
Finrt class, SC5 upward.
ta Liverpool Qat «^
CYMRIC Apr. 21, May 19. June 1«
REPfBLIC inf»». .Apr- 30. June 0. July 7
CRETIC May 5. Jur.e 2. June 30
First class. ?6f> and *C5 upward, accord-
tr^r to suanier. For plans, etc.. address
C D. TATLOR. Pajsenrer Ape-nt Padflc
Coast. 21 Post St., San Francisco^
NOME
ST. MICHAEL
THE Al FAST
S. S. ST. PAUL
CAPTAIN' C. E. UNDQUIST.
(Carryinir U..S. Mails.)
rROM SAX FRAXCISCO DinECT.
JUNE 2. 2, F». 7YY.
Connectinr with th# Conrpaay"avStean»era for
*!! BRRING SEA POIN'TS. and at St.
Michael with the Company's Rivw Steaa»r»
for Fairbanks and all i«ints en KOTUKUK.
TANANA and TCKON' RIVEKS.
Kor Frelfffct and Passage Apply to
2TOBTSEKV C01OCEE,CXa.L CO,
C23 Crcwl»y building. Cor. Miaston and New
Jlcnta'cmery Bts.. haa Franciaco.
Jiamburg-Jtmericon.
S«nl- Weekly Twin Screw Service.
* rcr Plnaotth, Cherbotirr. Eambnrr*
THS GREAT OCEAIT PLTEE.
S. S. Deutschland
«?R»5U ft. Icmc — 2S14 knots average speed.
¦.... Sails Apr. 7. May 12. June », July 7. -
•Deutsctland ..April 7 1 Pretoria April 23
Patrkia AprU » ; fBleuchcr April 2S
Be!«ravia April 16! Wald«"r*ee April HO
Columbia April 21 ?t*Moltke May 5
*«Jrill room and tgymnapium on board.
TrAMT*Trst&-AaCE1tTf;ATT LXITE.
O?>-.*» :» and 37 Broadway. Xew York.
HERZOG & CO.. 4O1 CALIFOBN'IA £T.
o. /?. k n. co.
• OREGON* Mils April 7. 17. 27, May 3", 17
and 27. tJEO. W. KLDER sails April 12. 22, <
y fc v 2. 13 and 22. Only eteanuhiD line to
fOETLAXD, OR., and ehort rail line from
Portland to all points East. Throuch tickets
to all - DOints. eteaxner tickets include berth
and seals. Steamer sails foot ol Spear St.. at
11 a. ra. S. F. BOOTH, On. Art. Put.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery st.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen,
A;r.t Freirh* r>rpt.. 3 Montgomery «t-
C0X7A6XXS CEVE&ALX TKaJTSATLUTTZQCX
L-IRECT LINE TO UAVBE-PARIS. j*.*-
taillr.p cvrn Ttursday irjft*ad of *&At*?p
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier *2. ** - **a*
North River, foot of Morton «t.
• First dan to Havre. |70 and upward. Sec-
ond claae to Him. *45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR USITED STATES AND.
CANADA 32 Broadway flindson bulldlcr).
New York". J. F. FL'GAZI & Co.. Pactac Coast
Ar»nts i Mcntguiuery averrue. 3aa Francisco
~Tick<"t* eold toy aU Railroad TtcJrst Agents.
Maro lalsuid and Valleio Steam era.
t ttea-nier GEN. FRIEBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:ti a. hj.. 3:1S and *>:30 p. in., except tunday.
" l-unday. it .¦»."> m. tn.. l>:30 v. ta. Leare Vallejo
»T a. m.. 12:3© and « p. m.. except Sunday.
- Futiday 7 a. m , 4:15 r- m. Fare. SO centa.
Main 150*1. PJ«- 2. Misaton-«t. «>ck.
HATCH BROS.
: , . . -, ADVESTTSEMENTS. ,
MHTliree Fast Trains ll
ilr Iwr oaily to IB
II Chicago and East II
T|]l Southern Padflo, Unten Pasifls and Chicago I Nartt-Wertsrn Ryi. Iff
8 (1 Standard and tourist sleeping cars, compartment MM
observation cars, buffet smoking and library cars; dF/if
"all meals in dining cars. Mm
. iB^^ For sleeping car reservations, tickets and information jem s9
w^^ra^ apFly to a?;nts S'Mithern Paciac Co., or to /ffP^.i&F
R. R. RITCHIE. Gsn:rtl A ? tnr. &J&^
X KCaTH-WfSTCTM RY.
'Q^Pw^^W, . San Francisco, Col. ,m^^?\^^^^
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Hunyadi Janqs
ffw\ UmAL
' f/ii 'J$k* LAXATIVE
ftqSSjgLJl MV NAME IS NOT
j^ gg^fl .HUNYADI ONLY,
§SM HUNYADIJANOS,
{C^SgfS&f THE ORIGINAL,
iS^; "**^ ONLY GENUINE
11? at**"^»\ AND RELIABLE
ul|fr>r£|l HUNGARIAN
Is Always Reliable for
CONSTIPATION
Pr*i'nting a
AT OUT PRICES.
My' kodak developing and printing is
pleasirjt people all over the coast.'. It will
pies se you,- because, tbe work is right and
you can find no fault with the prices. Here
are a few' figures: -
DEVElOPnrO:
' Roll of *:;.....10c. Roll of 12... ...15c
Solio finish, 3c toBc "Velox finish, 3c to 6c
. Mail orders promptly filled.
IVV capos:: 1 : OUH
. C0«BeCTi5TVLt5>ANO;5rZtSi<AU«>o' ;
THAfMANPITTS
7 7 '"
1008 Market Sti^^e^l-
" 5««f»»nc>4CO "THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL; THURSDAY, APRIL 7 ? 190*.
12
EMPI,OY5tEXTjWAVrEP- : -MAI,B.
A FIRST-CLASS licensed
%%&7ES*rT&%l n^cesJry shop too,..
Box 1224, Call office.
Box 1CS6. Call office-.
WANTED-A {^ ln -^ ra^ d 2 ° co 1 S l tructto X n
TO drive and care for ™ to ™ o ™},V nc JZ TtV Vl!
place: country preferred: ' « x^ 1 « n 5 r ?U o i
around: gentleman's P>?«: "° £
work: best references. Box 1102. Call office.
A -POSITION to care for private country place;
no. cows; understand care of Worses, refer-
ences given; salary no object. Box 1204. Call.
SITUATION or employment wanted by ex-
at., • Oakland. __^^____
A YOUNG German wants situation about
place; take care of horses and garden: can
milk; sober and reliable. Box 1208, Call.
YOUNG English-speaking . Dane, wfco under-
stands bookkeepinr. want» work of any
i kind; bookkeeping preferred. APP'/ " So "
ensen r » jewelry atore. 103 Sixth it.
1 YOUNG man (24 yeara old) wishes a PO»l"° n
as delivery, teamster or work of any kind;
can come well recommended. W. F. ENG-
LISH. &38 Birch ave. '
WANTED— By young man. a position around
machinery; have been employed for 4 years
by a large construction company: rrfetences
It want«d. Box 1033, Call office. -
SITUATION or employment wanted by ex-
pert draughtsman and patent specification
writer. Address R. M.. 824 E- Eighteenth
St.. Oakland. Cal. ¦ ¦
DENTIST with outfit wishes permanent posi-
tion In office or form partnership. Box
1084. Call office. .
YOUNG man (21) aa plumber's helper, or to
learn a good trade; steady and reliable; not
afraid of work. Addresa box 1207. Call.
SITUATION as butler In private family or
waiter in private boarding-house: country or
city (colored). 1015 Pow»ll st.
TOUNG man. recently from the East, would
like a situation; ha» had good experience In
dry goods' buslnees. Box 1040. Call office.
EXPERIENCED gardener want* situation In
Oakland or San Francisco; best references.
P. O. box 66, FrultTale. AJameda Co.
A JAPANESE high school student wants a
position as schoolboy ; $2 week; plain cook or
waiter. SAKA, box 1133. Call office.
A JAPANESE high school student wants a
position as schoolboy: $2 week; plain cook or
.waiter. SAKA. box 1195. Call office. .
HONEST Japanese wants place; Is flrst-cUs*
cook. 91» Webster St.. Oakland,
GOOD Japanese boy wants position a* school-
boy; Speaks English well. CONDO. 132S Pine.
FESATHKlt RKXOVATIHO.
BT new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 823 Van Ness ave.: tel. Howard 3167.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flata ar» list-
ed in our fre* renting department; over- 1000
In number; a combined list from all agenda*;
let ns give you a list and help yoa to flad a
place; we never fall; service, fre*.
STERLING FURNITURE CO.,
1039 MARKET ST..
¦ OPPOSITE McALLiaTEB.
A— HOUSES and Cats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; tak* advantage of
this department; it will sav* you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-233 Gaary
St.. on the square. . ,V
RARE opportunity to rent modern downtown
' 5-room flat; $25. with "option of boylnsr Car-
pets, folding bed. coal and gas stoves ; offer
Open Wednesday only. Call between 1 and 3
(no agents). 1030 Sacramento st.
NOE. IMA, near 13th — Large, new, sunny,
middle fiat; refined, respectable family de-
• aired; adults.
MODERN furnished cottage, 3 rooms; bath and
piano; $25. 015 Hampshire, nr. Twenty-first.
NOE. 153, near Duboce Park — Fine modem
sunny flat. 6 rooms, bath; reasonable.
$20 — 334 Cumberland St., near 20th and Church,
5 rooms, bath, etc.; modern; sunny.
MODERN flat, 5 r. & b.. yard, basement: fash-
ionable; water free; rent $27 50. 3300 Clay.
MOSS, 14A, off Howard, near 7th — A middle
bay-window flat; 4 rooms: $16; no children.
NATOMA, 6 — Four- room sunny flat. $9. with
water. ,
CLARA. 160%. bet. Fourth and Fifth — Sunny
flat of 4 rooms and basement.
"TWENTY-SECOND. 3554. near Dolores 5
rooms and bath; double parlors; rent $15.
MODERN flat. 6 rooms, bath: new; must b«
seen to be appreciated. 327 Bartlett st.
NEW 6-rcom fiat to rent. 79 Liberty st.
UPPER fiat of 5 rooms and bath. 3448 Twen-
tieth st., near Capp. . »
WALLER. 1303, near Masonic ave. — Lower
flat to let. 5 rooms, modern; $27 CO.
'. PJjATS TO LET — FURMSHBD.
CASTRO, 655— Sunny furnished flat; 5 rtN>is#:
piano. Call from 9 to 2.
WASHINGTON, - 2833 — Beautifully furnishei
sunny flat, 7 rooms; piano; garden.
FLATS FOR SALE— FURJTISHEO.
NEW carpets and furnishings of 7-room flat for
sale at great bargain; flat rents for $37 ,V>
per month; lease indefinite. Inquire at 770
Cole st. - v- ,
FOR sale or exchange — Flat. 7 rooms and bath
$275: rent $20. 13*9- Valencia st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, stovea and
householv goods of every description- flats
bought. Miaslon Auc.Houae. 423-439 Valencia.
~~ FURMTURE WASTED. "
ABB LEVT ---—~— -— -
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. .Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
nlture. etc.. until you get hla estimate.
A. L. STORRS pays higUest cash prices fnrnl-
ture, carpets, etc. ; tel. Larkln 3631. 634 Ellis.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpet*.
B. T. SCHELL. 2412 Mission: teL Church 5370,
_pays bent prices for furniture, carpets, etc
HIGHEST'prices for furniture and mdse. L. H
BURP. »uctioneer,1818 Mkt.:tel. Howard 273*»."
HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
INSTITUTION cook '.$30
. Delicatessen cook, sleep home.. $3y
3 cooks. German style .f.$25-$3<»
Cook, small hotel, country, short distance.?-!)
Cook, small resort..^ $30
Kitchen helper, sleep home.... ; ....$£<>
Cook, 10 people, no washing $go
Cook. 14 adults. Menlo Park $3©
Apply to J. F. CROSSETT &. CO.. 334 Sutter.
PARLORMAID and waitress, city. ......... $.T1>
Second girl. Oakland... .'..... /I$3O
. Parlormaid and waitress. Ross Valley.. s.';o
3 second girls.' clty..:.;i.Vrr7."t. $20-$"3
Second girl, Palo Alto «25
. Nursa girl for child IK months old...... '$:;,»
2 nurse glrle .; « 15
Apply to J. F. CROSSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, resort;'. ... .$^5
- : ; 4 waitresses, first-class hotel, city; :..".. ..$25
3 chambermaids, no watting, city. ...... :;.$2<»
.3 chambermaids, wait one -meal........' .".$20
Waitress, small hotel. Benlcla 'i$25
: Dining-room girl, sanitarium.. ......... '$°i>
Housework, ranch woman, will take little
. 7 \glrl ..;............ t
Housework, Ross Valley, little wash $.Tf»
Laundrees .for Institution! .'.; $30
44 general housework girls, city and country,
too many to advertise.. Apply to J. F.
>„ CROSSETT & .CO.;' 331 Sntter gt. -:
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdressing.
manicuring, etc.: -trade taught, from A to Z
¦ in' 2 weeks: $5 to, those entering now; 3 po-
eitlons to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10per week: up; leading school In
West. , 233 Geary -St.. room 13. -
A— Girls to learn millinery now for spring ses-
son: both seasons taught from start to finish
; In Jl-month for $15; positions as trimmers.
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk ut> :
day and evening class. 143 Stockton at., r. 11
A— LADIES . to learn : all . branches nalrdresstns
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. . 1238 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones.' room 94: positions secured
, at highest wages; day and eve. claas; call.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
T. J. DUNN &" CO.," ~~
: ' Business Sales Agents.
We have just opened our new office at room
203. second floor Callaghan building. 1312 Mar-
k«-t 6t.. whero we would be pleased to list your
place for sale. Having Just started In the busi-
ness we have no list and can therefore give
your place undivided attention. .
CIGAR stand; south Market: $550; inventory
$350: good buy; rent $25. S«e T. J. DUNN
& CO. ' ' ' '
DAIRY route; near by country town; clears.
$100 month; only $900. See T. J. DUNN
& CO. ... . '
GOOD saloon ;• country town; sales $20 day;
splendid location; owner sick; $2500. See
T. J. DUNN & CO.
FOR SALE^ — General merchandise store in
California mining town; a good locality; a
good stock and the best trade of the town.
Address box 4053. Call office. . j
$000— SALOON, with 3 living rooms and bath.
Inquire 400 Brannan st.. near Third.
SHOE store for sale. 44 Sixth gt. .
CIGAR store and billiard hall for sale cheap.
155 Seventh st.
WANTED — A grocery and bar; state location.
etc. Box 4022. Call office.
FOR sale— Cigar-store, with clubrooms; cen-
trally located on K st., Sacramento; estab-
lished ten years. Address O. K., box 1S2.
Sacramento,
FOR sale — Th9 Perfume Palace, 775 Market st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. "
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Roomlng-Houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Buslrtpss Chances.
220 rooms; new and' up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building: clear-
l»r $400 to 5000 per month: obliged to leave
city.
11 rcoms; r«nt $40; close In; oak. cherry' fur-
niture: Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all
expenses; $40U cash, balance time; snap; $700.
4(5 rooms; rent only $65; well located hotel
south of Market; fine bar; well stocked: brick
building; electric lights; everything good con-
dition; rart cash, balance time; price $2500:
will exchange this with good real estate for
large Jowntown house.
40 rooms; elegantly furnished: rent only $250;
oak and mahogany furniture; 60 boarders;
clearing $250 r>er month; clos» In; fine buy;
price- JCOOa
11 rooms; Ellis »t.; close In; oak furniture;
moquet carpets; part cash, balance time, price
$650.
106 room»; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished; up-to-date rooming-house: has fine
bar; can be run in con'unctlon If desired: rare
chance for right parties: part cash, balance
can be paid out of house; other business Inter-
erts demniid immediate departure.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys In the city.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle ap:»rtment-hou£e; reduced to $1100.
20 rooms; cheap rent; close in: thoroughly
respectable; all full: clears $100;. part cash.
30 rooms: rent enly $150; oak and cherry
fur.; fine carpets; close In; fine money-maker.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house In Sap Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance: cheap rent: clear-
ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance S per cent per year.
IS rooms; rent $S5; well furnished: all new;
$600 down, balance 1',-j per cent; fine buy; only
11250.
25 rooms; rent only $60; north Market; all
full: clears $100 per month: price $1SOO; will
exchange for small chicken. ranch.
106 rooms; new; most elegantly appointed
fan.'ily hotel In city; all full and clearing $400
to $600 Der month: books open for Inspection;
obliged to leave city.
7-room flat: rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; pric£^$350. *
190 rooms: new and elegantly appointed
apartment-house; swell location; long lease;
cheap rent; part cash, balance made out of
house without interest.
10 rooms' Ellis: newly furnished; rent $40;
apartments: $200 down, balance $20 per month,
no Interest: must be sold on account' other
business; price $725.
20 rooms: well located; north Market; cheap
rent; Jncc.me $70, leaves two rooms landlady;
snap; $300.
75 rooms; new, modern building: elegant fur-
nishings: cheap rent;. close In: will clear $400
per month; $5000 down, balance can be paid
out of house; see this.
P rooms; sunny flat; rent $50; oak. mahog.
fur.; obliged to leave city; reduced to $650.
28 rroms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill: doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
S tpoms: fine upper flat; rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450.
18 rooms; rent $85; north Market; close In;
good money maker; reduced from $1600 to $1100.
23 rooms; well furnished ; first-class tran-
sient house; 2 blocks off Market; 6-year lease;
clearing over $100; good buy for some one. -
31 rooms; rent $110: all light rooms; clear-
Ing over $100 per mo.: regular snap; only $800
to get in; must leave city at once; price $1300.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; flrst-
clars up-to-date downtown hotel; well fur-
niched; clearing $500 to $G00 per month: must
sell on account of other business; only with us.
50 rooms; elegantly furnished: fine location:
close In; new and modern throughout; full and
clearing $250 to $350 per month; must be sold
to settle an estate; only face of mortgage now
on Jt fa£k«:d; chance of a lifetime.
!»0 room«: part offices; elegant new building
and furniture: high-class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern: first-class grill In
connection; best proposition in city; called East.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
17 rooms; rent only $70; oak furniture; Ax-
minster carpets; fine location; clears $80; fine
buy. - ¦'¦ ¦ » - ¦V":-' 1
29 rooms; central; cheap rent; well fur.; some
housekeeping; full; will take flat in exchange.
126 rooms; fine downtown ¦ corner house; pri-
vate baths: beautiful furniture: 2 entrances;
takes In »30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
• _ . •/ ¦
21 "rooms: corner; rent only $S5; oak fur.;
good carpets: housekeeping: all full ; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady;
price $1000.
50 rooms; new: modern apartment-house; 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central: first-class preposition.
H. C. DECKER........... PH0N1-: JOHN 531
906 Market St., Corner Stockton, Opp. Fourth.
Headquarters for Rooming Houses.
Twenty-eight Years In Business in This City.
Money to Loan on Any House.
MY MOTTO: . ¦
Square Dealing.', Easy. Terms. . Clear Titles.
I SEE mV BARGAINS. . ' / '
' 14-room house;; clears $^0. ............ .$(100
10-room corner flat ...."..:....... .$550 J
40 rooms; clears' $250;' payments;. ..; .$3200
18-room transient; must sell .$1200
. 7 rooms; only $150 cash.... .......$250
0 rooms; on O'Farrell St.; new.... $600
' 100 rooms; first floor; offices; clears $500.$"5iH>
25. rooms; exchange for small house: .. .$2500
32 rooms; clears $200:. $31C0
30 rooms; fine corner. .<....:..... .'. . . .$3200
' 65-roora hotel; ; rent $200. Y. ........'.... $30Co
45 rooms; grand sunny corner." ..$4500
35 rooms; 'country hotel and bar. .$2500
170-room hotel and bar. ....'. .......... .|2S00
1 100 other houses' from. ..... .'.$100. to $20,000
H.' C. DECKER,.; 90« Market st. :
SPECIAL— $600; . 28 furnished rooms,-, all full,
J *ln the finest location In 1 Point Richmond; Ap-
' "• p!y to J. MURRAY, box tt6. Point Richmond.
GOLDEN r Gate ave..* .' SOS-^-Nlne-room ; house;
. reasonable; clean: leaving city. , ,'.; : . .»
FOR sale — Manhattan ¦House,; 825iBattery. st:;
;-„:' 2b rooms; bar; -account of owner's death.. ¦ ,
t.om;i><; h«m;si:s ron sai.p; — rnv,.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst' building, over Examiner entranc*.
Modern business methods In fine front offices.
Phone Black 8607, or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date titie abstract free with every sale.
CLEAN: 10 rooms; S furnished; rent $40; in-
come $70: price $300; sunny side of street;
near Van Ness ave.
¦ See MARION GRIFFIN.
ULTRA fashionable private boarding-house; 20
rooms; moar expensively lurnlshed; large
, grounds; clears $151 monthly.
. See MARION GRIFFIN.
ONLY SCO rent; 20 rooms for $120C; 1-3 down
and lutle monthly installments; rent $s0.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 400. Examiner bid.
TWO 40-room houses, one north, one south;
each clears *102 per month; offer wanted.
Exclusivi-1; with MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW and modern house of 50 rooms; S-year
lease; electric elevator; hot and cold
water: brass beds; .fine carpets; oak
furniture; high-class business.
Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
LANDLADY, you would only care for the
wide, sunny halls in this 39-room
house; all 3-room suites, newly fur-
nished; price onlv J1600. It's a bar-
gain. See MARION GRIFFIN.
ASK MARION GRIFFIN
For "permit to lnsped" the 83-room house.'
reduced to $4000; newly painted; well fur-
nished; 27 bay-windows; 5-year lease; quiet;
renpectabl*; - terms half cash;, clears exactly
$170 monthly. ¦ -¦ • •
HOTEL FOR ARISTOCRATIC FAMILIES;
very select; well-established: richly fur-
nished; splendid corner; over 100 rooms; ab-
solutely clears JtiOOO yearly; see my only
agent: ¦ ¦ •
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406. Examiner bid.
TRANSIENT houses for sale by M. GRIFFIN.
S r. ; new fur.; rent '$30; 100 down: $400.
23 r.: 1 block . n. of Market; owner sick;
moke offer.
24 r. ; 1 block s. of Market; easy terms.
45 r. ; central; 6-year lease; clears $300 mo.
21 r. ; very richly furnished: a mint.
14 r. ; near Union Square; a fine house.
NOW IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY
«If you profit by It at once) to purchase the.
2 finest 100 -room apartment - house In San
Frsncisco; the price is nominal for such a
house; exceptionally well located: beautifully
furnished throughout; long lease at $5 per
room; the very best bargain, which we shall
• prove to you If you will investigate.
MARION GRIFFIN, f. 40ti. Examiner bid.
MITCHELL & CO... Phone Jessie 1TJ81
• i 120U Market St.,- opposite Sixth.
1<J rooms; neat, sunny, two-tloor house; rent
$4o; Eell or exchange; price $650..
C5 rms.: downtown house; steady; transient;
clearing $350 monthly: handsomely furnished.
rms.; choice corner rooming-house; unex-
celled for transient a* well as, steady roomers.
25 rooms; well-appointed housekeeping suites;
landlady must sell: make olTeri '
MITCHELL & CO.. 12(Xi Market St.
100 ROOMS; sunny corner; rent $125 $4500
112 rooms: clears $350; low rent.. ..$4500
SO rooms; furniture nearly new... $3800
15 rooms; fine location.. north .of Market. $900
4tt rooms; In Oakland: new; rent $C0. ..$2500
12 rooms: % cash; cheap rent...'. $UOO
Money to loan on .furniture. EITEL &
CARROLL, 212 Kearny St..
$C0O — FURNISHED house; 0 large rooms; front
parlor and front upstairs pay the rent; Sut-
ter and Jones ets. Call J.- STRAUB. 630
Market st. • "
$225— BOA KDIXG and lodging; 17 rooms fur-
nished; rent $15; good place. 330 Main st.
A SNAP — Light housekeeping* 11 rooms; ln-
vestlKate. 940 Migalon st. . ' ¦
I,ODGi:VG-IIOUSES WANTED, j
WANTED — Lodging-house of about 25 rooms,
well furnished. Box 424S. Call office.
CARPET n ! K ATI !X G^^ja^<^EjL.JSl^G.
COMPRESSED air and > vacunv system now
universally used in T cleaning . v carpets ¦ on
• floor; without removal ; . price moderate; S.
F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Mar-
ket st.; tel. Main 152. Bush 479. /
WHEN you become discus ted with your work
¦ send for SPAUL1>ING'S IJloneer Carpet-beat-
ing Work«. £55-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.. clean-
ing & laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission Ji.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison St.: Al cleaning: 3c, "Tel. Mission 225.
CONKUN'S' Superior Carpet-beating; Works,
333 Goldrn Gate ave.: telephone East 126. >
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses inad«! over. .1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Mam ?.»4. OEQ. WALCOM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reag«-na»ile. 1703 Harrison vt. : tel. Mlnslon 263.
COTTAGES ',! TO .¦ LET. . J^- '
COR. Dolores ar.d 'Cumberland, near 20th—
Call for demonstration Tel. , Jessie .".606.
DENTISTS.^,
I. Dn~~GRUSSr^T«rCailaghan bldgXISarket and
McAllister sts., -uses the -Bas ford obtunder;
! '.' the only device ever* Invented, for grinding,
drilling and excavating teeth without pain.
¦ Call for demonstration. -Tel. ' Jessie < 3C0ti.>
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
1 . No charge ' for extracting • when ! plates are |
r made; old plates made over like new; teeth |
.' frcm $8 per set; extracting 50c: gas given. ;
. . — ' 1
A NEW, plate— The Whalebone— cannot break; ;
"'; warranted 2Oyrs;: crown, :$3 50;- fillings," 50c:
"-¦plates. ? $5;' full tset;' all." work ¦> painless • and
• warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
ELITE Dental Parlors, -SS8 Market St.: best
.and cheapest office r for all dental' operations.
Paris I Dental • Parlors, • 235 '¦ Kearny, cor. : Bush —
'Set, : : teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fllllnga.25c
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, u surgeon-dentlst,r.l4.1st
¦floor. Pbtlan bid.. 80« Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR.;H. G. YOUNG— Bridges and teeth ; with-
; out; plates specialty..- 1841 Polk st. , '
GOLD I fillings ,75c: | silver. -. SSc; j crowns." $2; no
: pain: open Sundays.: Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
DKESgMAKBRM AND SBAMSTRESSKS
'Accordion, sunburst : and: knife-plaiting; doubts-
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor: tel.*FoIsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
.; Patternd cut to measure; eve. class. 1013 Mkt
THE CALL
JO SIT Z>. SFEECKEI.S. Proprietor.
Iff ret ccBBMicaticB to ISEFfcSAUGHTJKaiiager
W. J. MARTIN ..Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department Tou Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third, S. K.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
DeKvered by Carriers 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month Single Copies 6 *>nts.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage «Ca»h Witn
Order) : ta
DAILY CALL Cnclud. Sunday). 1 y* r -»iJc(
DAILY CALL (lnclud Sunday). 6 mos.... 4_w
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «j«j
FVNDAT CALL 1 Year f^{
WEKKLT CALL 1 Tear •• • *¦}?
( Dallv JS SO Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN J gSJfo. 4.M P*r Year Extra
POSTAGE. \w£kly. 100 Per Tear Extra
ALL FOSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested. , . ¦
Mall cubecrlbers in ordering change- <«¦£:
6r**t rhculd be particular to give both JfEW
AM) OLD ADDRESS In order to »n* ur « *
Frompt and correct compliance with their r»-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
HIS Broadway : Telephone Main 1081
BERKELEY OFFICE: „_.. _ |
Z14* Center Street Telephone Nortn 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: ¦
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
T?n!on Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehermsn House; P. O. News Co.; Or«tt
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.-Marquette Building
<Long Distance Telephone. "Central 261»-' >
NEW TORX REPRESENTATIVE.
ETEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
CVFircEEF OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, comer Market and Third streets; opea
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JOOS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 r tn
627 Montgomery etreet. corner Clay: op*a
UCtil 9:30 p ra.
800 Hsves street: open until P:SO p. ra.
«?» McAllister street: open untti 9:80 p. ra.
(IS Larkln rtreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth^ opea
urti! 9 p. m.
JOfl Eleventh street; open until 9 p. ra.
K96 "Valencia street; cptn until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
North" et-t corner ef Twenty -second and Ken-
tucky etreets: open until 9 p. m.
22fO nil more gtreet: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
A SPECIAL meeting cf Terba Buer.a pi
Chapter No. 1. R<->se Croix. A and. J 1__
A. Scottish Rite nf Freematonn". <G> 1
will be held in Commandery Hall. TS|^
Masonic Ttmp'.c, on THURSDAY J>1
EVENING. April 7. 1304. at 8 Kj
o'clock Election <if offlcerF. j I
HENRY BURNER. Secretary. *-*
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M— «
StatH meeting THIS (THURSDAY) <^y
EVENING. 7 :3<"» o'clock. Royal Arch />f\
d*Frr<». By order of the H. P.
JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. w
M.. will meet THIS «THURS?DAY> VSf
EVHNTNG at 7:30 o'clock. State-l />^\
tneftinj:. 3d degree. F. II. DAY, Sec.
FIDFL1TT Ledge No. 120. p. and A. »
M.-StatM meeting THIS (THURS-VV
L>AT) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By/V\
order c<{ the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
DORK" Lodge No. 21«5. F. and A. M— «
Slate*} meeting THIS (THURSDAY) VY
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. By order of
the M«f!i>r. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
STARR KING Lodge No. 344. F. and A. 55
St, :517 Uevisadero *t. — ttat^d noFi-VY
ing THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING /V\
at 7:3I». A. A. ANDERSON. Sec.
THE r>rfleers and members of Loge -liVttV-ri.
f':s-.. ¦. Amerlcain* No. 207. I. < ' -~\~»^H^-
<• f •'. a-f requested to attend '¦*¦'¦** -**S1g*?
fiineial of our late brcther. J *2WtS?S'
HEXRV J. LARTIGUE. to be held Satur-
day. April S. at 1 :?.«) p. tn.. at I. C<. O. F.
Hall. Seventh and Market st*. I5y order of
J. DIMMER. N. G.
L. L REMY. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— Notice If hereby given
that the seventeenth annual meeting of -.he
etorkholder* of th« Italian-Swiss Mutual
L^sn Association vill be held at the office
,of th» oorporati'.'n. MS Montgomery st.. Sjn
Franritco. on WEDNESDAY. April 13. 1»iM..
• t 3:30 p. m.. for th«> purpose of electing
<5ire / ~tors for the ensuing year, presentation
of th« seventeenth annual report and the
transaction of *uoh other business as may
ccme before the meeting. Books are now
open for the RtecttpUoa of 1000 thares of
stock of the eighteenth wr'.es. By order of
the Beard of Directors.
A. SBARBOHO. Secretary.
A WEHK'S news for 5 c**its— The Weekly Call.
16 pa;rrs. In *-rspper. for mailing. Si per year.
AGEXTS WASTED.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Is
a deoided improvement en building and loan
Is worth having. Great W«|pm Improve-
ment Company, Parrott building.
WHY do hard work? Do easy work. Toothirj '
Co.. ID.'ij Market Et.. near Thirteenth.
LOOK— Agent » $40 in $«:• j>er mo.; ¦»¦] ¦ m n or
nonim.: no catolt: mr»> thine Box 1073. CaU.
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
cf t>!o:>erty three $40 scholarchlps In the bes:
Cd«*rt -r Advertising in the United States.
] »i;i ««ll t^em et 25 per cent discount for
<#Mi t»i« coilere teaches advertising writ-
:i^ ly torretpondence and assists Its grad-
t«i'» to e»njn> positions: cataloru^a fur-
r.,y}:-<i r~, nlnM:mMim. Addreps box ao?a. <u.il
* TTO II \I2 V S- A T- LA \V.
A TKIVaTE. quick divorce for a small fee.
f-» tr.e erd *ave money; no pay in advance.
G U-. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW
IftafcJtfched 22 yrs.; nr.s. 1. 2. Z. 4 & 5. 1st fl.
iiTi Market st.. between Mason and Taylcr.
Ad\u«- fr«-e mil trsatterc. Detectives employed.
R W. KING. Attorncy-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
Cth Br^-r. «>rtrance room ell; established 20
yenr>: all ca«fs, general court and office prac-
• Uce: ro fee In advance or for consultation;
• evtnir.g* by appointment. Tel. Red. aO6L
DIVOR«'K fl2; quick; quiet; advice free. Law
and OoM'-ctlon Office. IOCS Market *t.. Mom
' 2. Jirt. Cthand 7th: office hour* 11 to 4:30.
DIVOnCE law a epeclalty: no publicity; advice
fr»e; cot-tii t!2. Address B.A.S.. P.o\ox 2VJ9.
DIVORCE— Costs. 112; quick, quiet; advlc*
free: open evenings. 027 Market st.. rra. 301.
1^ 6. CLARK. S27 Market et. : consultation
It**: nn fr»» in advnre: open evenings.
ACTOMltUILES.
WILL pay a reacor.'able price for a second-
hand automobile: tnu*t be In first -class run-
. Blng order. Address box 4049. Call office.
"WANT automobile (Cadillac or Ford preferred)
. for »rooji renting property. . W., 1302 Webster
vt..' Oakland.
CHEPIT CliOTlTJEES.
C F. ADAMS CO. '
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole lamlly from hats to
¦ rhoeti; everything up to date at cath prices
• Oralt for all. 318 Meson st.
cirOTHnro anrovATiarp.
eUlTB cleaned and Dressed. *1; Bcourlng~Ind
dyeing, non Marche. 40 Elll* st.. room 14-
tihone Dnimiri 44. Call for and deliver free'
-','.,.. CUKES SUPTUSXL
WHO?— Hunter, 1206 Market at.; $100; rupture
r-ure for $10: circular explains: send for one.
NAPA, May 10, 1903.
MR. A. HUNTER— Dear Sir: 7!?..,
We *re much pleased to Inform you that
>our Ijf.Ider cured our baby's ecrotal rupture.
The baby was « weeks old when you fitted the
holo>r. our doctor tays the parts were healed
in thirty o.aj>. We are indeed very grateful to
you. Yours trulv.
GEORGT: - CTtEEN AND WIFE.
BAD truant* ejected for $4; collections made;
rtty or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 419
Montgomery, rooms 2-10; teL Mala 6680. '
SPIRITUALISM.
Mrs. Dr. Martin, wonderful spiritual healer and
business medium: readings dally. $1; develop-
' Ing class Thurs.S p.m. 1006B Golden Gate ave.
MME. YOUNG'S genuine spirit messages to-
night; H)c; 619 McAllister; come skeptics.
C.V. MILLER'S -thereallzlng and materializ-
ing seance to-night, 8 o'c. ; $1. 10S4 Bush.
MME. LUCRETIA, spirit medium: circles
every evening; hours 10 to 5. 148 6th, r. 1.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellin, readings dally.
0:30 to 4; stances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, not-d clairvoyant and
tlate-writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott SS7.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
THE FUTURE REVEALED.
THE PAST DISCLOSED.
THE PRESENT ANALYZED
BY LIVINGSTONE.
428 Eddy st.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living page of Flammarlon's treatises that
lsso electrifying the worM to-day. HE IS
NO IMITATOR. His work is upon original
lines: PUKE THOUGHT, CLEAR VISION.
He TELLS YOU WHAT YOU DESIRE TO
KNOW. AND WORKS IN THE .OPEN
LIGHT. AND IS AS CONSPICUOUS FOR
ITS WONDERFUL OCCULT ANALYSIS AS
IT IS FOR ITS ORIGINAL EXPRESSION
AND VIVID TRUTHFULNESS.
A test reading: is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he. will
give you a full life reading for $1. A test is of ,
little value when the rnlnd is troubled — you
need mere substantial aid and advice. This Is
Just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE gives you
when you call on him for a first-class clair-
voyant reading. He asks you no questions,
hut tells you what you wish to know..
He dees not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with tho facts In your case. Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling ycu. find the cause of .trouble and
suggest the remedy.
Remember the number — 428 EDDT ST.
Houis. 10 a. m. to S p. ra.
'
ASSURED success .for you. • ,• .
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 reading this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
No charge No charge
Unless you obtain the Information' for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE,
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
- palmist ever In San Francisco. .
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be 'full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and -what you called for; I tell you if
husband. ¦ wife or lover Is true or false; who
and when' you will marry; how to gain the love
of the one you desire; "In fact." I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself: his advice Is reliable, his pow-
i ers are wonderful and Indisputable: he Im-
proves your character so that you will reach
the highest possible development ' In . mental
vicor. health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power Implanted In
your nature, so you can change the Intentions,
actions or babits of any one secretly; cures
disease and lost vitality; gives advice on. min-
ing and buried treasures; gives. you success. In
life; he "guarantees you success .or ; charges
nothing for his services. . . "
10 a. m. to 8 p. m.: Sundays. 2 to 6.
326— O'Farrell street— 326.
1SMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant . and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk: private reatl.nes daily. 10 a.
m. to T> p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, . $1 ;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency; send postof flee,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
I A — Miss M. Wil'.e, 460 Geary, clairvoyant, crys-
¦ tal seer and life reader, will -tell you.exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion: names given: special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on all affairs of life; , satisfac-
tion guaranteed: 25c up. 17 3d. next Exam.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clair. and palm.;
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
names: 1. 50c. g. $1." 714 Franklin.nr.G.G.ave.
MME. RAVENNA, formerly 5 4th »t., reads life;
business advice: names given; readings 60c 1
week. Offices 835 Howard, bet. 4th and Dth.
Mrs.A.H. Krnnenberg-.palmlst,' clairvoyant, card
reader:when others fall try me; good readings
- 10c. 1721 Franklin.nr.G.G.ave. Tel.Larkin 4207.
MME. LOVONIAj clairvoyant, palmist — Rcad-
¦ ings. this week 25c. .468 Jessie st., nr. Sixth.
MME. MARSEAU, card reader; ladles/ 25c;
gents, COc: hours. "10 to 9. 120 Sixth; st.
MISS WARD gives , names, dates and facts;
readings dally; not open Sunday. 917 Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card -reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23% 6th; -1. -25c,, g. 50c.
OLDEST lady.palmis't and card reader In city.*
' 26% Kearny. room 20; ladies. 25c; gents, 50c.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortuns-
teller. la now at 317 Ellis st. '• ¦¦• ', ,
MRS. SHAFER. clalrvorant. card' reader: slt-
tlngn dally. 448*4 Jessie «t.. bet. r»th and «th.
• v -j^-1;/ EDIUMTIONAL.^,,' '.: .
AT home in our new quarters," the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place oi business
V study .In the entire West. .New;' complete.
extensive departments. Thorough. Inspiring
' Instruction. 75-page .catalogue ¦ on - request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 901-
'825 Golden Gate ave. •
,THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
\ for the .; university, law and medical colleges;
i .ret. President i Jordan ; or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and . evening sessions.* - Phelan - bldg-'
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 "Mar- ,
'kef St.; established 18 years; the school that
'¦¦ secures positions for graduates; Just added 25
'.new typewriters;: catalogue free.-; -.- ; -' "•: . .'
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST/ 8.
" F. — Bookkeeping," shorthand; ¦* touch » typing. ¦
languages.. telegraphy, :t English branched; day
and night sessions; Illustrated . catalogue free.
LEARN SPANISH ', in • 2 months; -classes "in
French and' Spanish $5 a month.*' v,".. '' V
¦ 'B..F. AMES. -, Teacher -of ¦. Languages,
26S Golden , Gate : ave.. - cor. % Hyde ; st. -'¦ '•'
A LARGER and better, school than ever;: enter
at once if you desire a good '.position; .Gregg
shorthand,. Ellis bookkeeping. 8. F. Business
College. .1236 Market st. : >>>V *-¦•-•,
ENGINEERING— Civil." elec mln.,' mech.. sur-
" ' vey, : assay. ' cyanide; day, ev. ; est. 1884. • Van
. I der Nalllen .'School. 113 ; Fulton; nr. City Hall.-
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs., Sat. and Sun.:
. classes • Mondays, Fridays. - Louisa ? Foster's
.School 'cf i Dancing, 1556 Market, nr. Larkln..
BPANISH— A practical and progressive meth-
• :©d.\RAFAEL SERRANO.' 530 California, r.4.
GUITAR. • mandolin' - and ¦¦' piano, $3 - per ' rao. :
mandolin clubl$l per mo. 828 Halght st. .
ATTEND Gallagher- Marsh Business Coll etf» on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1382 Market: catalog.
! WESTERN Business College ;Odd Kellcrws' bid.:
bookkeeping, shorthand. , touch typing, arith.,
spelling, writing, etc.: day eve. : $4 rao. .eve.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&EJectrtcity. 24 Post
. St., S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
' complete equipment. Special catalogue free. -
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
. PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine st. — Night class.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
GEO^G^^A^Kir^aT^o^rTtrrteir^ush^iaS—
Japaneee-Chlnese employment office: fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
SCANDINAVIAN Female Employment Bureau.
504 Kearny »t.. roc-n 3; phone Black 4458.
FRITZ'S Err.p. Office: Japanese and Chines*
help. 415. Stockton St. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; . all kinds help. . 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMECT^AKTIW- FEMALE.
ENGLISH butler and wife as cook (very best
of references) wish situations. See J. F.
CROSETT & CO.", 334 Sutter st.
PROFESSIONAL French cook by day or other-
• w|se; • entire charge luncheons, dinners, . re-
ceptions, marketing; also cooking lessons
given; city or country: moderate prices. 305
• Jones st..' basement. ¦ '-;¦ ' i ¦„---. >¦¦ i . ' > .j -•
STRONG.' willing " American ' woman wants
laundry work only; $1 25 and carfare;
sweeping and- cleaning If no laundry work.
MRS. PIERCE, 648A Jessie St., near Seventh,
downstairs.
PLACE wanted by a good capable woman In
a small family: small. wash: no objection to
- short distance acroes bay. 55'i Howard st.
A GIRL would like a situation as cook and
downstairs work. 809 Thirteenth St., corner
of Stelner. " ' ' i •-
STENOGRAPHER, with some experience, de-
sires position: $20 to start. Address. box 8,
CairBranch, 100 Eleventh st.
SCANDINAVIAN glriVwanta situation to do
,, housework . and plain cooking; wages $25.
Call 379 Fifth st., near Harrison. ; -
YOUNG German girl wants position as second
Rtrl« or chambermaid -In privates family. Box
1223, Call office. : ;. • .
GERMAN girl wants second • work and wait-
ress; references; $23.. C. S.. 1714 Harrison
St.: phone Capp 53t).
A WOMAN wants work by the day or chamber-
work. Call 671 Natoma-st. -
JEWISH lady would like a situation as cook
In a private family. Box 1212 Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day: 'good laun-
dress;. $1 50 a day; no postals answered.
549 Minna St., between ' Sixth and Seventh.
HOTEL housekeeper desires position In flrst-
¦ class hotel or summer resort: 3 years In- last
place; best references. Call or address P.
E. C, 1406 Hyde st.
RELIABLE- woman wants. work by the day;
washing and housecleanlng; no postals. 1541 ,
: Bryant ave. corner Fifteenth st.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day
or week; housecleaning," etc. 414 Clementina
St.; In rear. . • . . , :
COMPETENT German woman, wants washing
.and Ironing by the day; Mondays or Tues-
days. 1203 Vallejo st.; no postals.
DRESSMAKER wants work; $1 a~ shirt waist
up; dreg* skirts, *$1 50 up; children's dresses.
$1 up.. 1022 Folsom St.,
A YOUNG Swedish girl wishes chamber work
. or. work as. second : girl. Address 7Vi Eliza-
beth place, . near Folscm st.
A VERY good cook wishes a situation to go a
short distance in country; an Eastern family
-¦ preferred; good references. .748 Howard st. -
!A WOMAN- would 'like washing and Ironing or
cleaning to do by the day. Inquire at OSS
Mission st. .' . - ". '
LADY wants ;r-o«Itlon as shirtwaist designer or
forelady In .shirtwaist or skirt department;
'. best references' furnished. Box llHtj, Call.
CALL at 608 Mason St., or phone Black 1533.
First-class , ladles' employment office.
WORKING housekeeper wishes position; city
or country. Box 1196. Call 'of flee.
MIDDLF.-AGED lady wants light housework;
. moderate .wages. ' Apply. 252 O'Farrell st.
GERMAN woman wants work by ', the day;
washing,lronlnK,housework.'2654 Harrison st.
GIRL wlsl.es housework: wages $25. ¦ Call 467
Minna t-t., near. Fifth. -, ¦ . :
LADY;' takes - washing home; open air dry
Phone Fell 1041.
WANT • ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMEXT .WANTED— MALE.
ENGLISHMAN- and wife as waiter and cook
t . , for private family (.very best of ' references)
wish situations.* See'J.F. CROSETT & CO..
¦ 334 Sutter st. -
WANTED u by .;- respectable < man— Situation on
'•private place; understands care horses, cows,
poultry; gardener;. cooking;. references If re-
qulred. Box 1211. Call office. ;
"A .GERMAN — Honest, sober, steady man, '
-.'_ wishes position In wine or llquor-hoaae; ex-
.. perienced :; tend ¦ bar and all around; best city
referencea. Box 1217. ; Call office. . , j
TO ¦ drive « and • care for* automobile; -> private !
place: .country preferred; "experienced; all
¦; around: gentleman's: place: not afraid ¦ of
¦ - work ; -, best references. ,Box 1102.' Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man would ,' like situation aa
.watchman,; or' to .take care of -gentleman's
• place; .will take . care of invalid; references.
'Call or address. JOHN BAKER, 958 Mission.
A HARDWARE man, '¦' thoroughly ! competent
desires position; city or country.. Box 1210.
Call- office.. . .: . . . ¦:-¦
A CABINET maker; and i finisher wants- work
»;-ln. furniture store: willing to. do all around
work; city or, country. Box 1218. Call office.
STEADY, reliable Scandinavian wants 1 work of
-any kind; can drive and care for horses. Box
;':l2gl. Call office. V; :* cr .; . ', <: ¦-;
.YOUNG ; man desires (situation .driving light
' wagon. ' Address box ; 1222,' Call' office.
, TEAMSTER— Has stable; would I like ' to \ work
; for. firm and care for team. 1 \ Box 1087. CalL
BPSISESS CHAXCES.
A^^SOOO^DRUSTORE close to Call building;
ertab. 18 years; well paying; value In stock;
a very rare chance for good druggist. See
It. O. WILKE. 26 Vt Kearny st.
A— $3000 — CORNER saloon: close to CaU bldg;
3 years' lease; net rent $120; this Is one of
the best saloon locations In this city, and
a live man can clear $500 per month. Call
R. G. W1L.KE. 26}j Kearny st.
X — (SO0 — ROADHOUSE. with danc* hall. 'club
and living rooms; rent $40; electric light In-
cluded: 5 years' lease.. Call R. G. WILKE.
26V» Kearny st. : ,:"
A— $1000; SALOON and liquor store on Sixth
* t. ; rent $50; business O K. but owner 1b en-
gaged in other business; must sell at once.
R. G. WILKE, rBH Kearny St.
A — $4500; COFFEE, tea and crockery store; one
of the leading businesses of this kind and in
cholcrst location In this city; rent $65; all
cash trade; stock will invoice $i«)00; a very
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny ct. _^
A — $1500 — COKNKR cigar stand on Kearny;
rent $85; lease; a good business; coma and
investigate. R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
Al BLOCK of land. 300x300, in San Leandro
with house of 4 rooms; Income $400 per
year rrora fruit; will exchange for dairy
ranch. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny tet.
A — $20CO — SALOON in wholesale district; r*nt
$60; place established many years and good
paylr.g. Call R. G. WILKE. 26tt Kearny st.
A — S*O(X> — CORNER grocery and bar on Larktn
ft., doing a fine cash business; value In
fight; freth ctock; no better location In this
city. See R. G. WILKE. HdV» Kearny st.
A — $2000 — COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
waterfront, close tc Market et. ; place estab-
lished years and well paying; daily receipts
about $00. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A— $1100— SaLOON, with Z rooms; close to
Kearny and Bush sts; rent $73; lease; place
racily clears $200 per month; nice fixtures,
choicest tto:k of liquors. All particulars of
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $1100— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; rent $40; dally receipts $48; plao*
clearing about $170 per month. It. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny Et,
A — $1750 — CORNER grocery and bar on
O'Farrell St.; place kept by present owners
f> years and doing a good paying cash busi-
ness; fresh stock; value in sight. R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny gt.
A— f C50- -CORNER bakery. with 4 living
rooms; about 2 blocks north of Market st. ;
will be sacrificed if sold at once; owners to
leave city. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A— $UU«0— CORNER f-aloon with 5 years' lease;
dose to Flood building: this Is the choicest
location in this city and a first -class , paying
__bu£irew. See R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A— $760 — CANDY store and ice cream parlors,
with stationery, etc.. on Devlsadero st. ; 3
1'vtrt rooms; a splendid location and good
but.ir.ess. S*e R. G. WILKE. 2«H Kearny.
A — $3000; COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
st.; rent $40. l«aee; 3 horses. 6 wagons; busi-
ness estab. years; investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V£ Kearny st.
A — $l«iE0: COR. saloon with 4 rooms and bath;
rent $50: lea*e; a first-class paying place In
choicest location: $lf.O per month clear guar-
anteed. R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $12(0; COFFEE raloon and bakery In
choicest location; rent $80; dally receipt*
abcut $70; a good business, but sickness of
(Hfn»r compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26H Kearny ft.
A— $S50; CORNER cigar stand, close to Mar-
ket and Stockton Ft*.; rent $75; a splendid
location and rare business chance. See R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
X. CAMERON & CO ...Phone South 1050. !
3 Eddy Ft., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chanres.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000
and Icecream parlors $200 to $2500
Barber rhop? $500 to $2500
e.gar rtandu $.150 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5OV)
Saloons 1300 to $10,0<*)
Restaurants $350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $1000
Drug stores $2000 to $6000
r»«?licatesi>en stores $250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
A FIRST-CLASS opportunity for druggist or
doctor; fine location for drug store; good fix-
tures, counters and showcase; rent only $60:
business airrady established; with 6 rooms
and bath ra rear; elegantly furnished '
throuphcut; everything complete /or house-
k««>ping of the best quality; price $1SUO.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. j
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mines; fine prospect;
located in Csl: assays $40 to $70 ton: trade
for rmg-house or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort; fine
groves; 3«-room hotel; all furnished arid
equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease; raise own hay, vegetables; 'all
kinds fruit; rent $500 per year; equity in
this $2500; death In family cause of sale.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR rale — One of the best restaurants In city;
cheap rent: receipts $75 to $100 day; will
bear invrrtisation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. :: Eddy fct.
FOR sele — Ladies' furnishing and fancy goods
brines?; cheap rent; well located: e&tab- ¦
lisheri 12 year?: will invoice $S0OO; sickness.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Half Interest in good paying. 6well
little restaurant: obliged to leave, city; a.
map at $275. CAMERON & CO. . .
$700 — CANDY and Ice cr^am parlor: money
maker; rent $1S; everything complete; fine
locality: opportunity. • Particulars
lfiO7'~i Market st.. room 1.
CIGAR stand; Kearny St.: doing a fine busi-
n«>s*: <hf-an ir eold at once; account old jage.
Inquire 1007>£ Market St.. room 1.
$300 BUYS half Interest in established office
and commission business clearing to each
$125 monthly; experience not required; must
give reference*; bona fide offer. Particulars
at 1CC7U Market «t.. room 1.
A--OYSTER r.nd chophouse; 11 tables; private
rooms-, mnmcted <-n second floor; elegant bar-
rain: trying burtnen,; must be sold; good
locality: established 20 yeare. H. DOYLE,
tCCa Market st.. above Sixth.
f40O— BLACKSMITH shop; full Aock" of tocls
In good country town; fine business; sick-
n«M cause of eale. II. DOYLE, 1023 Market.
NOTICE to buyers or sellero:
For the sale, exchange or purchase of any
,kind of business quick for cash It will pay
yau to call at our address.
LU,\'DIN & CO..
SIS Kearny st.
PATENT article: principal feature great ad-
vertising medium; will exchange 50,000 with
right to California for unimproved land; this
is a i-nan: owner going to Europe. P. O. box
. 162, Oakland.
FOR rent — Union Meat Market, Twenty-sixth
and Valencia st?.; tools Included; very reason-
able. Inquire WESTERN MEAT CO.. Sixth
and Townsend ets.
WANTED — Partner or purchaser: . store and
palming business; low rent; two entrances;
lurnlKbed living room: other business: $350;
worth $500; lnptalhrents. Store, 1934 Market.
$3500 WILL buy 7 years' lease, new store and
fixtures: eplendid location for drug 6tore,
dry goods and notion?: transfer corner. Ad-
dress box 21tiS. Call office.
GRASP this opportunity; Uvery and boarding
stable dolntr a flourishing business: clearing
$40<> monthly: will bear investigation: first-
clafK location. HINKLEY. 1020 Market tU
$10,000 INTEREST In flour mill: investment
t<afe and secure; located in best wheat sec-
tion: reFponslble position open with invest-
ment. Address box 1103. CaU office.
I WILL Invert $500 to $2000 in any paying,
legitimate business that will bear close Mn-
vcstisatlon; no agents. Box 1203, Call office.
GOOD hotel In northern part of California to
lease for a tornt of years; everything In good
running order. Address for particulars, box
4119. Call office.
DAIRY In northern part of State for sale;
everything complete and has a good trade;
will allow 15 days' trial for full Investiga-
tion. Particulars box 4144. Call office. ,
1 WILL sell my half Interest in a well es-
tablished dyeing and cleaning works, as
other buKlneFs call* me away. Address for
particulars. . box 40G9. Call office.
WANTED— A partner with about $2000 In a
manufacturing concern; an article that has
a good demand on the market. Address box
40S1. Call office. • . .. .,-
HAY and grain business for sale: well estab-
lished: good trade; will sell reasonable; a
good opening for a live man: don't expect
anything for good will. Box 4219. CalL
AN old established delicacy store on a busi-
ness street and near Market: a eplendld trade
and clearing $175 per month over expenses.
Cox 42C9. Call office. •
DELICACY and restaurant for, sale cheap, on
iccoont of departure; a good' opportunity.
Appiy after t> o'clock 411 Turk st. •
$400 — A GOOD paying atationery and notion
business; must be sold at once. Call Branch.
639 McAllister rt.T -- ' . " -
HALF interest old established real estate office
in Berkeley. P. O.. box 162. Oakland.
FOR sale — Corner saloon; - reasonable. ; 'Apply
Metropolitan Liquor Co., 711 ¦ Foleom st. ; ; 1
w^^ssn^B^^mh^smM^^^s^
I JIL. LlVMl I ¦ IH I 111 V WANT ADVERTISBRS
BREAD AND i* I IV NEXT
JAKE KNIFE CALL|
Offer opens Thursday and closes Saturday at n o'clock p. m., after which hour it
. : will be impossible to get one. • ¦ ' '¦,--»¦ "..•••-
These premiums are offered only to our "WANT AD." patrons and cannot be ob-
• tained in any other way. '• > . :
Iff LIGHTNING BREAD AND CAKE KNIFE.
(F»A.TENTE3p 1897. )
'":-% v NINE-INCH BLADE OF THE VERY FINEST STEEL. ,
The wonderful cutting edge of this knife is unequaled by any other bread knife
on the market. It will cut Hot or Cold Bread and Cake, clean and smooth, without
tearing or crumbling; .also Cold Meats, etc. It has a finely, finished tempered steel
blade and enameled handle.; This highly tempered blade keeps sharp longer than the
ordinary style, and when it becomes dull can readily be sharpened in the same manner
- i a smooth edge.'
==USEFUL INEVERY HOME
You reach at least 255,000 regular readers when . you place your Ads. in THE ' %
SUNDAY CALL.
GOOD RETURNS ALWAYS FOLLOW AN AD. IN THE CALL.
„ IIIM1—IIS— — ¦¦ III— HI I ' " -¦¦-¦¦-.THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, APRILVJ/* 1904.
13
WILL LOAN
. . A "reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d \.
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
: .or country.! ; \
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels. >. : ;%U.
ALL loans made to salaried ..people strictly
confidential; loans on' flrst and second mort-
gages, also chattel mortgages. United Loan
and Trust Company, 21 Stockton st.
LIFE Insurance policies; loans . on same; w«
give higher loan values- than companies.
United Loan and Trust Company, 21 Stockton
st. (second floor); phone Bush 484.. j
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protectr
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE., 25 Stockton; phone Bush 4S1.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chant*, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
- security; cafy payments; . large business in
46 principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bid.
ANY amount Quickly on furniture or piano,
. without removal or other security; no com.J
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. 68 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
*t. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Buah 484.
HIGHLY respectable private place I to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds,' Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,'
S46 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch,19 Third.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal:
no commission: no publicity: $25 up; quick.
" quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st..rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on. low. Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st. ' ¦ . ;
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311, Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland offlce, 1103& Brdwy.. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM' $1 TO $10.000. . -
NEW ea*y method — To wage earners on unln-
dor*ed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg.:
TO salaried people without security; on furni- j
¦ ture Indorsed notes and other security. S. Ft
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
3% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal^
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building.' 708 Market st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL IXSTKUMESTS. ~~
ALL UPRIGHTS:
Fischer, new $325,- now $150.
. Hertx, new $3W, now $67. .\
Miller, new $300, now $145.
3 Emerson, new $250 to $350. now $160.
2 ChiCkcring, new $450. now $100. $1S5.
2 Stelnway, new $575, $700, now $185. $323.
Heine, new $575, now $333.
Rents $2 up; installments, $4 up. Rent ap-
plied If purchased.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary it.
Oakland— 1252 Broadway. -
ABSOLUTE BARGAINS IN PIANOS.
One in fair order .$10
One a little better $15
Another, condition good ..$23
Also a Chickering, Mason & Hamlln, two
Stelnways, Knabe, Vose, Sterling, Mayson,
Emerson, Hallet & Davis, Starr and many-
others, from $55 up; easy terms; fully guar-
anteed. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 10 O'Far-
rell st. ¦
ONLY p:ano house In the city that will rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
6 months' rent and cartage off purchase
price; sole agents for McPhall, Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will b? sold to cay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage. 1636 Market st.
SMALL pianos for email apartments; great
ton*: rent or sale. Byron Mauzy. 30A Post St.
NEW upright pianos eofd on $5 monthly pay- .
ments. PCHMITZ & CO.. 1C McAllister St.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up. ;Chlckerlng baby grand;
fehonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
IF you want bnnmins -*om**'T»ow; ' pianos al-
most Riven away. Hornung. 21» McAllister.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzey pianos. Cecllian piano
player. BYRON, MAUZY. 30S-312 Po*t at.
TEKSOXALS.
A fresh, smooth and young looking face, j
With a real,* genuine "baby skin."
Don't forgflet the name, M. ELLA HARRIS.
Tha number, 781 O'Farrell st.. near Larkln.
Call or write for book, free, ¦¦¦ : \ :^,v_ ; :
"Hints on Beauty." i
Al SUITS to order at $1 weekly. , We have
contracts with leading houses to take all
their short ends, called remnants. . We make
you a flne suit on installments cheaper than,
others do for cash. LEON LEMOS. merchant^
tailor. 1127 Market St.. bet. 7th and 8tb.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growtb.etops falllng.cures dandruff
and itching tcalp;'no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp, -at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac- ,
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
A — MICROTINE, a positive eure for catarrh,
cold in the head, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affectionb; send for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 Oth.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
ckilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk 'portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chnln. at lowest
rutes. Geu. Matthews, 700 Fifth St.. Oakland.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market st. , " :
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dls-
ea*e8 positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,'
812 Shotwell; consultation free; call or write.
SOCIAL dances Wed..- Thure., Sat. and San.:
clarees Mondays, Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. 1556 Market, nr. Larkln.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.). tailor*. 72ft Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Travers, 1170 Market.
Actlna restores lost eyeslght;cures deafness and
catarrh. A' VIDA Co.. 3524 13th. nr, Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 But-
ter, r. 600. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE . Mrtumes; play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 7-TI Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE eult $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'a Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair tn lt« niftural rolnr. SI: at nil ilrueglats*.
PALJIJtTHY. ~
MADAM DEVAS.
.PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. LIEBfiS
BUILDING. 139 POST ST.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. near Geary. Phone B'wck 5fll.
PAPEnHAJVGING.: 1 • A 1 X TI X G. _ JKTC. '_
ROOMS papered. , $4 up; tinting, painting
Hartmann Paint Co.'. 311> Third: tel. Main 413
PAIlTXEnS WAXTED.
LADY or gentleman with $50 to take half In-
./ terest In good-paying offlce business.' ' Box
1205. Call office. ' :'- ' -<¦-,¦•;¦
WANTED — A partner In harness. and saddlery
nuslnfsn. ' 1V2 Montgomery ave..
PHYSICIANS AND .SUnUEON".
DR. • C. C O' DON NELL— Offlce and residence,
1021% Market st,. bet.: Cth and. 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.:
BLOOD ekln "- and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st. . , ,
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases cf' the human body; Jot
' past four years at 115-117 'Mason; now. lo-
cated at C67 Geary, St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CUT. I successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal..herb doctor.* cures a ff diseases of .human
by. use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONO WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dl»-
eages cured by Chinese herbs. 748-8 Clay st.
n ji*]MJl^}*^JJ&J¥ApEHOVSKa.'
A— GILBERT & MOORE Storage Co.; storage.
I packing, shipping warehouse, i G.''. G.'. and Van '.
Ness; offlce 1230 Market, r. 84; tel. South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storage &-Van ; Co.; rurnlture,
. household . goods stored, -moved, shipped.' 725-'
- .731 Howard St..' nr. Third: phone Grant- 161.
PIERCE-HODOLPH',Storage A Moving Co.. of-
flce Po*t and PqwHI >ts.; tel.vPrlv. Ex. j 67L
CONKLIN'S Storage-lFurnlture' and merchan-
dlse. S33 Golden -Gate ave.; phone { East 1 120.
GOLDEN ; West Storage; advances made./: 840
: MlBttlon st.:: tel. /, Howard 04lr P.^W; /,ehfu«s.
PACIFIC ¦ StcraRe • and j Furniture . Moving Com-
pany." 2320 Flllmore Bt, ; ¦ phone Jackson ; 2S1.'
BEKINS ¦ Van -and Storage Co/. 11 • Montgomery
;•-. et. ; tel. ' Main : 1S40. ' : Shipping at cut . rated. - ¦ ,
HEAL ESTATE— CITY- -FOR ' SALE.
SPECK & CO.; 209 : Montgomery st..
Opposite entrance to- Mills Building.
REAL ESTATE AOENTS. -
Selling, . , V Leasing.
Rents Collected, - Insurance.
: GRAND . DOWN-TOWN CORNER. .
$210,000— Vicinity of . Powell and • Ellis sts.;
two corners; 5 stores and 85' rooms;
almost 100 feet frontage: can be leas-
• ed for $1475 per month; 7 1-3 per
cent net Investment. -
APARTMENT-HOUSE CORNER. '
$120,000 — Corner apartment house; best loca-
tion; 110 rooms; finest modern ap-
pointments throughout; lot 54x87 ft.;
rent $875; 10 years secured lease;
assuming $45,000 investment pays 10
per cent. ' , .:
12 PER CENT INVESTMENT.
$100,000 — Rents $0300 annually; cash secured
'lease; no better tenant; modern
. building; lot 55x137:6; Investing $50,-
000 cash and assuming : bank mort-
gage of $50,000 at 5% per cent, pays
12 per cent net.
137:6x137:0 CORNER.
$50,000 — 137:6 corner, Golden Gate ave.; sub-
stantial improvements; always rent-
ed; $30,000 mortgage at 5% per cent
per annum can remain; selling on
account of owner's departure to Eu-
rope; reasonable otter entertained. .
HAYES STREET.
$24,000— Hayes St., near Laguna; lot 37:6
frontage; two- frontages; rents $10S:
want offer; selling on account of ;
, owner's departure for Europe.
POST-STREET BARGAIN.
$18,500— Lot e2:«xl24: two frontages; east of
' Fillmcre .st. ; improvements In first-
class order; rents $140; bank mort-
gage of $10,000 can remain.
GRAND INVESTMENT.
$13,000— Rent $130; good flats; vicinity Van
Ness and Grove; lot 27:6x120 feet;
this bargain is hard to beat.
$13,500 — Modern flats' near Fillmore and
Waller sts.; rents $122; lot 50 feet
frontsge. .,
BUSINESS CORNER.
$8,500— Two stores and four flata; corner
north of Market St.; 43:6 frontage;
yearly rents $96ti; paying 11% per
cent.
BIG INTEREST-PAYING FLATS.
$25,000 — Corner. Western Addition; rents $230;
lot 37:6x85; splendid new building.
$22.500— One-halt block from Market st.;
rents $171; flne Improvements; lot 75x
100. .
$19,000— Annual rents $2185; Golden Gate
Park: modern bay-window flats; lot
60x137:6.
$13,500 — Rents $1440 yearly; four new flats;
- near Park Panhandle; lot 37:6x
112:6.
$9,250— Rpnts $90 50; business property near
Sixth and Harrison sts. ; lot has two
frontages.-
$6,000— Vidlnlty of Ninth and Mission; three
flats; rents $56; building In flrst-
: class condition; lot 24:6x84:5.
SPECK & CO.,
209 MONTGOMERY ST.
AUCTION.
. ' AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
REAL ESTATE.
8 A II S A L I T O.
: : ¦
8ATURDAY. APRIL J», 1904.
On the Ground, at 2:15 p. m.
22 CHOICE " 22
22 RESIDENCE ' ¦_ 22
22 . LOTS 22
Faclnc Bulkley and ExCeI*Ior aves., Reado
and El Monte lane, formerly known as Hotel
Geneva, formerly El Monte Hotel.
For further particulars and catalogues ap-
ply to
HENRY STERN
> Of
DAVID STERN A SONS.
Real Estate Brokers and Auctioneer.
11 Montgomery st.
W. J. GUNN,
530 CALIFORNIA STREET.
(Savings Union Building).
.$2100 — WPbster-st. cor, cheap; lot 25x100.
$0000— Baker. NV. "cor.; 137:6x137:6; cheap-
est KO-varn lot In W/ A.
$1500— Cheap lot: W. A.; 23x137:6: street bl-
tuminized; lot on the grade; a flne buy:
easy payments: only $400 first payment;
a few steps from the cars; a positive
bararaln;' marine view. ¦
J.1SC0— 21st ave.. near Point Lobos ave; 3
lota, 25x120; will sell 1.
?1800 — Lake-st. ; cor.; marine- view: - 32:«xloo.
J1600 — Sixth ave., north of Lake: 25x120;
choice lot; up towards Presidio wall.
|3000 — Tenth ave., NW. cor.; 57:8x100; 2 lots,
-11th a v., near Clement st.. 25x120.
J3750 — A choice business lot on Clement st;
,78x115; good frontage and depth on
- sunny «lde of street: a fine property to
improve w'th stores and flats.
?46O0 — The choicest residence « corner lot In
Richmond; Just go out and examine. It;
to begin- with. It is a northeast corner
and has a' grand marine view; the finest
residences In Richmond are In front of this
i lot: size • 50x120; opposite the beautiful
. home of Mr. G. T. Marsh; electric cars
pass every few minutes: this corner is
acknowledged to be the choicest north of
the park; make offer/ " • .
$950 — a cheap lot. on 8th ave., near B st.;
25x120; cars pass.
$250— 27th ave.; very cheap lot: 25x120; lots
beyond this are selling on the Installment
: clan for $600 and $700, and not as well
located. ¦ . - :
Wanted— To purchased flats, about $10,000 or
less and not leased.
W. J. GUNN, i
* 530 CALIFORNIA ST.
BARGAIN.
Large residence In ; Mission; 90x120.
; /•";'. :: thomas magee & "sons,
¦ 5 Montromery st.
AN "Ocean View." In the suburb of "Frisco,
With warranted title, alt perfect and true;*
In sight of old ocean, with steamer and ship
Sailing over its waters so blue.
<sn.no — Lovely cottage of 5 rooms, bath, pan-
try, etc.
$2f>0 each — 1 beautiful level lots: street graded,
etc.: steam and electric cars at doer, fare 5c.
I TH1STLETON.' 272 Sadowa St., Ocean View.
SI 25 . PER WEEK. ;• no Interest. Lots in the
Excelsior : Homestead .Tract: all level; no
grading to do: ready to build your little hon>a
on: close to electric cars and school. \
\ W.-; J. WHITE. : .
,¦ • 2(5 Montgomery St., room 5.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY,
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 512 Callaghan bid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot:
JS r. month paya ¦ principal and Interest on
. each $1000 of balance due. maklnic your' in-
stallments . less than rent: send for .circular.
<|2S00 — ON easy terms: 'cottage of R r. and.b.,
- on West Park ft.. Just off .of . Mission; . ¦¦
Make an offer for cottage , of 8. rooms,
large yard, on West Park et. '. "¦ ' ,-¦--¦
.-. P. COFFIN &CO.. 3303 Mission st. '.'
MODERN 4 and 5 rcom cottages: terms same
as . paying • rent. Apply :-. owner. Lumber
yard. S.E.' cor, Alabama and Montcalm sts.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: "we loan
'full co*t'lmprov. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
TWO pretty homes Just completed In the Mis-
sion; 6 rooms. bath;about $1000 down. . bal-
• ""ce eagy. 8ee MO1SE. 320 Sansome st.
EIGHTH ave. and J st.. South S.F.— Cottage,
3 rooms: sheds : chickens, etc. ;cheap. j Mrs. C.
MODERN cottage: -5 rooms and bath; lot 30x
; .150. '•¦"5S2 Preclta'ave., Folsom-st.. car. "
MODERN ' cottage. 6 sunny rooms and bath;
• ; cheap for cash. . 214 Hoffman aye. i, ", — /
LATEST system 1 sanitary.; plumbing by. AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. -836 Howard. ;
; SAN! JOSE REAL ESTATE, 'i
_ . . j , - , , , , ,...-¦.. n _, _ ._,. . ¦ , j, , . , ,, , , _ •'
FOR Bale— 7-room cottage; all modern Improve-
ments;, elegsrt i home; 28 Magnolia ave.. San
' Jose. Add. , C. E.; Wright, '» San Jose. Cal.' .
..., REAL -ESTATE ;TO C2XCHAKGE. v ;
NICE home In Los Gates; lot; house of
,.four- rooms: .barn; -'orchard,'- etc.: will: ex-
I change fop lots or land ¦- In. Alameda County.
-J- p. C. LASSEN. 468,10th /St.! Oakland, "Cal.
WILL : e-xchange ';> good -< Oakland real ,¦•' estate.
• {small mortgage) for unimproved Fresno land.
;. , \V r ...13O2 Webster at.; Oakland.
] , : ;:;\ SPECIAL tftOTlCEB.^ , . '
Ladles'. .CMchester'si English." Pennyroyal ¦;-" Pills
.are best: safe,': reliable; take no other. Send 4c
i stamps • for , particulars. '.' s 'Rellef i for * Ladles'^
'. In -letter by "return 'mall.' Ask :your druggist.
.Cbichester Chemical Co.", ' Philadelphia;! Pa. '
LOST AXD FOU.Vn — Continue I.
LOST — Long feather boa on Bush at., near
Jones, Tuesday; liberal reward. Return to
offlce of Imperial Hotel, Bu*h and Leaven-
_worth st«. . ;
LOST— A pass book with -the Hlbernla Sav-
ings and Loan Society of Son Francisco, in
the name of HANNAH BUR!CE. No. 1S4 : G1S.
Tha, finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
end Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of Peter Molony, No, 183-1335. Finder
will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Sav-
lwrs and Loan Society of San Francisco In
the name of Grace King, No. 210-087; the
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Purse containing money, glanses- and
. key*. Keep money, but please return glasses
¦ and keys to 1045 Mission st.
LOST— Phy*lctan's vinitlnc list. Suitable re-
ward If returned to E. E. Kelly, at 761 Sut-
ter «t., or 14CS Washington Et.
LOST — About February 12, certificates of
stock. Nos. 11-4S. in Merchants' Transporta-
tlon Co. 306 Davi* St.
LOST — Brown dachshund dog. Finder return
to 993 Market (upstairs) and receive reward.
LOST— Small diamond buckle. Kindly return
to 3X4S Clay *t. ; reward. . ;
MEDICAL. V
LADIES desiring safe, eure and quick relief
I from irregularities consult me at once;- my
methods are always safe, painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; no exorbitant fees.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
Cures guaranteed or no pay; 17 years' ex-
perience in all female disorders; call or write
without delay; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
A — LADIES, if you are suffering from irregu-
larities or any ailment you will avoid dis-
appointments by consulting me flrst. My
method of treatment Is positive. and harm-
less and I guarantee immediate relief from
nny cause or make no charge*. Advice free.
Call or write DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny.
ALWAYS be advised and treated by a grad-
uate physician; positively the only one here
capable acd willing to restore you to happl-
ne**; relief for Irregularities; help for un-
fortunate ladles; if in trouble consult him
without cost or fee; call or write: conflden-
tlal. DR. R. H. WESTON. 305 Kearny gt.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
• *old; price f 2 5O by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price «5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggist*. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
DR. G W. ODONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaint*; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Offlce. 1018 Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
• complaint* and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 828 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
llef guaranteed. lCOS^ Market et.. opp. 5th.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van NeBS — Expert
In obstetric*, female complaints; in«t. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 23 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom et., corner
2Cth: ladies, relief or no fee; $10. J
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market Ft.
DR. NG. TOY KEE. 319 Powell «t.. opposite
Union gquare: all diseases cured by herbs.
91ISCELLAXEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. MclN-
TOSH & ¦WOLPMAN, 1D5-197 Fremont et.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAKT ~ ~~
Repair It with elatertte; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Ircn. tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATER1TE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
LIBERAL credit places comfort and attract-
ixeness within' the reach of any one. Call
and r*t? u* regarding diamonds and Jewelry.
- United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.,
upstairs.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, thafting. etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged ; see Sunday papors.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
DKSKS and efflce furniture; $l!0,000i stock to
¦ be sold before April 15: this, stock can- be
bought In large or small lots. T. D. Me-
CARTHY CO.. 7S2 Mission. Phone Bush 4«7.
TAKE notice — I have sold all of my Interest
in the firm of Johnston & Ellis, California
Market, to Robert H. Johnston, on March
22, 1904. E. V. ELLIS.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to Etoo all leaks In the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front St.; tel. Main 1428. -
A— FINE suits, $7 60; dress pants. $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23S Kearuy st.
near Bush; or-en to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Fptar st
J. COOPER 'drrss suit rental parlors), for-
merly at Palace Hotel for over 28 years, has
removed to 21 Stockton st. (upstair*).
ALTERATION sale— Best 82 5O hats. $1 00.
Popular Price Hatter, £30 Kearny rt.. near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. ; Sundays to nocn.
MUST be sold: owner going East; painting ani
paperhanging business; established over 30
years. C. J. BARRON. 1219 Market St.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form ehoes at $2 50; wo pay expr«*s
charges. 11 M st.. Exam. bid. ; catalog free.
GENTLEMEN'S full-dress suits to rent at
UCHTENSTEIN BROS.'. 25 Stockton st.
CARPENTER'S and plumber's tools for sale
cheap. 953 Howard* st. ' ,
PIGEONS, new. Imported varieties, for squab
raiBers;*end for list. C. Wllson.22.'t Stevenson.
PAIR perfect white diamond earrings at a
bargain; about 6y$ karats. 10 Sixth at.
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT A AWNING Co.. 35 Mrkt. Tel. Bush 858
3V ; c ROLL and up; fine wall paper; *ampl<*s
mailed; painting, tinting, paperirg. M. MER-
IGAN. 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
BOOKS bought: libraries purchased. King's
Old Bookstore. 61 McAllister st.
STEEL lined eafe, 1800 pounds; $125. RICH-
ARDSON BROS.. 1816 Market st. -
BARGAINS In fine* diamond* and watches;
eafcy payments. GARIN, £03 Hayward bldg.
GASOLINE engines bought, sold, exchanged,
repaired. Sykes-Corson Co., 254 Beale st.
SAFES and cash register*, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market rt.
SO1IH good second-hand gasoline engines 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B, Beck A Co.. 122 Mket.
SLOT machines cheap; Chlcagoes Twentieth
. Centnrle*. Pucks. BAC1GALUP/.D33 Market.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery «t.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post s<L .
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines^ automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLAXEOUS WANTS.
CALIFORNIA- Housewrecker .Co. pays the
highest trice for buildings and will remove
the largest building in 10 days. Office and
yard N. W. cor. MI**lon and Tenth sts.
I PAT highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 943 Folsom.
SHOES wanted; misfit A castoff; highest prcs.;
new & 2d hand shoes for sale. 749 Mission.
TILTON. wants good eecond-hand clothing and
theatrical good*.' 154 Oth «t. ; tel. Jessie 2S51.
JIOXEY TO irOAX.
AAA^HERMAN MURPHY.~~ " ~"
. 601 -C03-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly. :
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignment* of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and - undivided in-
• tercets in property purchased. .„ -¦• ¦ -•
¦ Courteous treatment. >. Strictly confidential.
When You Need . Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (INC.).
CONTROL $1,000,000. ,
REAL ESTATE LOAN.S.
• ¦ , INTEREST 6 PER CENT.
FIRST. SECOND AND THIRD MORTGAGES.
CITY AND OAKLAND.
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTIES.
ESTATES IN PROBATE. ~^
UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN REAL ESTATE.
- : REAL ESTATE IN TRUSTS
-107-8-3-10-11. CKOCKER BUILDING.^ S. F. :
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
prlvacy;no commission installments accepted.
".'•• BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory/. building.
AI-L loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per.'ceat
mo. S. F, Collateral Lc-aa Back, 539 Kcaroy. t
A <"OOK and second slrl. same hcuse, $40 and
&«•: 2 cook*. $.{y each; houne girl. San Ra-
fael, S.ttJ; bouse girl. c:ty. $^5; 3 second
pirls, $25: nuree. 525; cook. ln»tltutlon. $35.
kUUk NORTON. 313 gutter st.
<GIf,L lor ditching end tike charge of reno-
vatoo offlce; one having held E'.milar po*l-
tiai j.rcfrrrfd. AdJress box 21C2. C*U
Branch. 22a» Fillmore et.
. WANTED — Experienced saleFladle* for Juven-
ile furnishins Rood* der>artmcnt. Apply at
or.ee. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market et.
ALTERATION hands wanted on women's
*alu and coat*. Apply fuperlntendenfa
office, tte Emr>orium.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for cenrral work in
Bulmrban rrscrt: wages $25. 732 Union St..
from » to 12.
WANTED— Saleslady for retail bus'.nes*: one
experienced i n crockery prelerred: steady po-
eition; numerate wage*. Bex 12C2, Call.
A'TIVE. flnKl*, younjr woman to carry empty
dlshe* off table* In restaurant; first w ¦«-¦»• k $4
cerend $5. third $0 and board. 725 Market.
GiKlD reliable cirl for small fainilv. 104«
; Broderick st.
A RELIABLE irtrl fcr general houe-ework;
wages $20 to $25. 223 Dolore* st.
GIRL for housework and cocking; email wash.
¦Ill Golden Gate eve.; call before 1.
GIRL for general housework. Apply ,3009
Jack*on et.. near Baker.
A GIRL or woman wanted to do light house-
work. «W Haight «. * ;
WANTED— Experienced *ale«lady in embrold-
•"rie? and laces at JOE ROSENBERG'S, 616
Market *t.
COMPETENT *irl to assist with children and
Keneral housework; rood wsurec: references.
W7 Lnrkin *t. <"Ptrathmore," flat 3).
FIRST-CLASP hairdren*er and girls to learn
hsir rtuyimsy. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
TOl'NG lady to keep a eet of b<v>ks for a re-
tail butcher. Box 1187. Call ofBc*.
WAIST trimmers and Cr.t*her»; also an appren-
tfoe. raid. 411 Maaon mt.
CALL »t 50* Ma*on et.. or phone Black 1533.
Fir*t-ciass ladies" emplo>-ment offlce.
EXPERIENCED maker and apprentices want-
ed tn mllllner>- store. 682 McAllister st.
• WANTED — A No. 1 dressmaker, cutter said fit-
ter. Box 4224. Call offlce.
GIRL for reneral housework and cooking. Ap-
ply 1638 Bucha.r-.an tt., bet. 8 and 12.
AD\TERTISEMENTS. eubserlptlons received at
Call branch efflce. cor. Duncan A Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisement* and subscriptions h&s been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
•Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WAJiTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READY. C4-63iTciay~sT.
Phone Main 5S4S.
leading Employment and Labor Agents. .-
¦We Speak
I'slian. German. Spanish,
t.reek. French, Swiss.
In 1WV5 we gave During 1004 we hope
• Work to 60.0C0 men. To Increase 60.000
Free Fare. Free fare.
To Nerefla State.
If you stay four menth*. That> all.
Gerv-ernment Work.
I.V. teamsters. $2 4ay.
ir^. laborer*. $2 day.
155 rockmen. drillers. $2 to $3 day.
Eight houre day — Irrigation work.
?1 Fee— That's m \i
To the Mine».
• T. machine, single and double hand. $S2 50 to
All Over California.
Arizona— Close to PreKCOtt.
M0 m;ies-*9 10.
655 teamster*, laborers, driller*. r\c. T2 to
M <3ay.
r»rn't be stingy with your distance; gel
closer to the land of eunthine; center of
•rreat mines.
Arikona. Arirrma. Arirona.
Mechanical.
Planer and **irker hand. Orrgen. $3 50 «ay.
Tallyman. lumber company, hoes here $30.
Milker*.
•J*i milker*, all pens of California, $30, $35,
$4<* and found.
4 butter-makors. $4<* and found.
12 -farm end ranch hands. $25, $2«. $30 ¦found.
Woodrhoppenp.
125 »oodchopper*, all over State.
TofFtmakerB, ehakemakers. etc.
Hotel Department.
* 12 cook*, different places. $20 to $75 found.
Walter*, c-'.sh washer*, bfll and elevator boys.
Your Fare PaH.
Milker. Itcund Valley. $30 and found.
Rutter and chee»e maker. Round Valley, $33.
' ement flntf her. little experience. 32 50 day.
."• farmers and wlvc*, $40 and $50.
Two farm hands, orange grove, $28 found.
Gardener*.
Vegetable gardener fcr ranch, boss here. $30
ani found.
• iardencr. flower*, etc., 40c fare, $30 and fd.
Painter, carriage shop. $3 day.
Sticker hand: drujr clerk. $6O.
MURRAY * READY. 634-636 Clay st.
P<^Y. tend cigar store. $3 m - eek.
•j viac-yard hands, fare $1. $26 and found.
Foremen. $90.
2 foremen for Nevada, Government work.
Dishwasher, lumber district. $25 and found.
Boy. learn blacksmith trade, $7 week.
Nurses.
-" nurwf. new Institution, boss here, $55 fd.
2 machinists, country jobs, $2 50 and $3 25
<-.«y.
Gardener* — Private.
4 gardeners, country, bosses here, $30 found.
Gold Quartz Mine. _.*»''
Machine miner. $J>O.
Tim tiraberman. $82 50; second timberman,
575.
Man run chicken ranch.
Man take charge poultry Tard. $50 and found.
Married farmer. 40c fare. $45 and house.
Rrigt.t boy «n city grocery.. .. $5 to $7 week
2 laborers, city Iron works $2 day
.1 bov* for eteei and Iron work*. clty.$5 week
Cardener. private family, fare 70c $30 fd.
• "erpetitT. factor?'. $1 10 fare $3 5O day
Phrter, city, good hotel : $25 fd.
•Cnoreman rare of nor*e*, at springs hotel..
$20 fd.
Short order rook, rprtngs hotel $30 fd.
hardener, ranch, extra, good Job *30 fd.
Gnrd>ner. private faintly, San Mateo <"o
$30 fd.
' Ba rber. country hotel
Night nrrtT. «~omm<?rcisl hotel, routh..*20 M.
4 machine mlr.er*. northeart $3 day
Amalgamator.
Night man, gold mine, bow here $3 day
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay *t.
LAUNDRYMEN. LAUNDRYMEN,
FARE REFUNDED.
2 laundrynvn to do plain work of an Institu-
tion; easy Job.
OR A :
• MAN AND WIFE $«5 fd.
Manager at our offlr* to-dsy;.*ee him.
MURRAY A RBADY.
C34 and 036 Clay st.
RECEIVED IN 2 DAYS
W«»5 cn*wer» to our lott«r which appeared in
N. r. <r."hronicle. page Irt, column* 2 and 3;
S. F. Call. pag» ". «"Olumn* 1, 2 and Z — Mon-
day. April *. 1904.
SUBJECT
eJRHAT CAPITAL AND LABOR QUESTION.
a.5O>J.n0C> one and a half million leaflets will
. be j.rtnted and <Ji*tributt»d.
MURJIAY & READY.
C34 and 630 Clay *t.
ZZHL — I
A*- TYPEWRITER for thU offlof.
MURRAY &' READY.
«34 and <»« Clay rt.
A— BOY learn to print «igns. keep address
forms rtin errand*; ?5 week to rtart.
MURRAY & READY.
. ; «34 and C3« Clay *t.
LOOK
25 young men. ape 22 lo 35 year*, with me-
i-hanlral knowledge prefrrred, $2 50 day up;
. MURRAY & READY.
<&i4 and <>36 Clay st.
AT CONTRACTORS'' AGENCY.
M TUird «t. Telephone Main 5521.
I^b-Tcr*. city $2 and $2 25
ftoy to run elevator $12 and board
NEVADA. NEVADA.
1 >anif««rs $2 »•>
:.. I- n-r.. *2
Wor* 40 daya, fare refunded.
Fare $7 60. F*e 1 1
HORD &^ SMITH. ¦ ¦
A THOROUGH tunnel superint«nd»nt, eee boes
ber* t200
• C. R. HANfcEN A CO 429 Bush «C
_ _ — , —
STEWARD for very small private hotel. Ap-
ply after 9. M1SE PLUNKETT, 425 gutter
*t.. Bear Powtil, -.
JT^ L t»
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions ; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLEK Erstem
ColK-i^. c;5 Clay «t. .-' .
WANTED — Solicitor for good proposition; will
'pay $ltx> and upward per month. Ilox 1214,
Call efflefc. • - |
GENT to eollcit printing and advertising. Ap-
fi C19 Filbert *u
= M» !?„ J )u ," (ler «. « day; vegetable gardener*,
r™ ,t nurw> fcr *anitarrum. >5 5 and
found; bcot black for country. $10 week; 2
jarmeri. and tvives. J40 and $45 and found;
~S? Ct A, S - >. rnil]tC7 *- * 30 ttad * ; » *nd found;
red ., house man . *20 and found; hotel
cock. *j<> nr.d found; restaurant cook. $70;
Tlevatcr nn.l bell boyn; broiler. $70; porter.
. J22S&IS 25 aT)<1 found . *nu others. J. F.
CROSETT A CO.. <028 fiacramento «t.
CAPADLK rain to take charge of country
weekly; referenc«-s required and roust ba
ctrlctly sober: £10 a wtek to start and more
flx/°° n a " business Justifles. Address box
_1220. Call office. ,
WANTED — Steady, trustworthy man (partner)
to attend cash counter; clears $150 per
month; $250 required. LUNDIN & CO., 318
Kearny «t.
GOVERNMENT poeitlcn*— Call at 925 Golden
Gate ave.. room 7. for free information a»
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or evenings.
WANTED— Boys to feed platen presses: ex-
eellent diance for advancement. Illinois Pa-
ciflc Glass Co.. 10-10 Main st.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, mcr to make money. F. PERSON,
' 477 and 47S Parrott building.
ERRAND boys wanted. ~MARKS BROS., 1220
Market tt.
WANTED — Young mar. to assist In trimming.
MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market «t.
CASH boy* wanted. Apply 8, N. WOOD A
CO.. *40 Market st. '•
ERRAND boy wanted at 118 Davis «., FREY*.
GANG-LEARY COMPANY.
BARBER wanted; flret class; nhort hours. 509
<"allfornla «t.
WANTED — Barber's apprentice. 751 Mission '
street.
GOOD barber for 10c ehop. 623 Oay pU
DRl.'G clerk wanted — Competent and experl-
encfd; *alar>- $100 per month. Box 1213. Call. ,
ERRAND bey wanted at 258 Stev»».ron M., be- '
j t»wn Third and Fourth.
A GOOD taller on coat* at 115 Montgomery
ave. A. HULTEN.,
SHOEMAKER; steady work. 756 Howard et.
GOOD cook wanted. 1500 Kentucky st.
WANTED — Young men for whaling cruise.
Apply Humboldt House, 78 Jackson »t.
WANTED— Dirhw&sher and lunch waiter at
3.11 Bay st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop; - cheap; cash. 46
Sacramento et.
FOR sale— A barber shop at 107H Fifth et.
FOR rale cheap — 2 barber chairs.' 2 mirrors
and pole. Apply 340 V« Seventh st.
THREE-chair barber shop: cheap; good loca-
tion: must sell; .bave other business. 211 6th.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanic* to know
that Ed P.-'.kin, R*no House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third si.; 250 rooms; 25c to &0c per night.
WANTED— Boy from 14 to 18 years of age
for stock clerk. Avr'y between 9 and 11
a, nv tt HALE BROS*.
WANTED — Bench hand planing mill. DAL-
ZIEL & MILLER, corner Addison and Milvia
*ts., Berkeley.
ALL-AROUND washer and engineer for coun-
try laundry; *vages $2 W>. Address box 110S,
Call office.
ExFeUI ENCKD solicitor fcr mercantile, credit
and collection agency : *tate experience, sal-
ary expected: references. Box 1206, Call.
TRUSTWORTHY ycung nian to take charge of
Oakland ofR«-e; good proposition to right
man. ; Address box 120S», Call offlce.
CASH beys: must have reference* from local
business houses. Apply o'fice EHREVE A
CO.. Crocker building.
ENGRAVERS: only flrst -class need apply:
bring referenrt-s. EHBEVB A CO., factory
corner Market and Tremont sts.
6OBER German, steady, references, handy.
tend bar winehou&e; married preferred. Box
1181. Call office, . -
WANTED — Machinist*, luolders. - blacksmiths,
¦ teamster* and woodworkers to stay away
" from Stockton: strike. S. • F. Labor Council.
TRY cur men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form rhoc-s at $2 50; we pay
express or mall chair**. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid.
BARBERS— Good two-chsir shop with 4 living
rooms; good side entrance: good trade; call
and see. 2493 Mission st.
TAILORS — Bu*helmen wanted. Apply ready
for work. 8. N. WOOD & CO.
BOY about 16 or 17 for wholesale house; state
age and experience. Box 1085. Call.
WANTED — Two young men to finish or learn
the barber trade free of charge. C27 Clay Et
BOY from 16 to IS for office work. Address
S G.. box lltr.. Call office.
THREE-CHAIR barber shop for sale on ac-
count of sickness; must b« sold. 245 East rt.
STOUT young men for *team whaling; no ex-
perience required. HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart.
HOTEL barber shop for nale at 532 >4 Third st.
3-CHAIR 6hop for sale; »ood location. In-
quire DECK ELM AN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
WANTED — Mar.arer for one of our stores.
Scotch Plaid Tailors, 1009 Market st.
COATMAKERS and pantsmakers for country.
Apply RE1SS BROS. A CO.. 24 Sutter st.
MAN to <Jo Janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard *t.
YOUNG men. sailor*, blacksmiths, carpenters,
green hand?, for ship*. Herman's. 27 Steuart.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bulll*. r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Paet Com. Geo. H. Thomas Poet. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st,. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
AD VERTIP EM ENTS . >ub*criptlons received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. •
ALL else* men'* shoe*, slightly damaged, hall
price. 563 Mission gt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your *ho*n half-soled while waiting: 25c
to SOc. 563 MifBion tt.. bet. l*t and 2d *ta.
*rt.p wAjrrzp— soiJCiToas.
4 FIRST-CLASS solicitor*; Eastern financial
house: monthly guarantee. 405 Hearst bldg.
WANTED — Good salesman or solicitor. . MU-
TUAL INVESTMENT CO.. 4C7 Parrott bldg.
' HOUSES TO LET.
jl pniNTFD lirt of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. *G. H. UMBEEX A CO.. 20 Montgomery.
MCALLISTER. 1268 — 12 rooms, bath and bil-
liard-room: $60: water free; modern.
BEFORE moving get our printed Irst of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOtSES TO LET— KURXiSHED.
TO rent — Spacious, furnished -house; large
I grounds; eaunalito; rent $100: short term If
• denlred. Apply Box 121B. Call office.
WANTED — For rummer months, well fur-
nished suburban home, with *ome grounds,
not over one hour*, ride from Tian Francisco;
will i»y good rental. Box 121'J. Call offlce.
HORSES AXDWAOdX S. '
AUCTION sale of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. 827 Sixth st.; every horse must be
as represented or money refunded. /OHN J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer.
FOUR~flne mirreys. cne pony buggy, carts,
wagons and business buggie* for rale, cheap.
1504-S Folsom st. —¦ - •
SECOND-HAND open hacks, wagonette*. 3-
seaters e.nd business buggies. CORVILL
I MANUFACTURING CO.. 48 Eighth st.
BAN FRANCISCO Vetrrlnary Collfge— Next
aeimion begins June 6. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELEY. 510 Golden Gate ave.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County! Address Nucleus. 100 Stevenson. S.F.
FOR «*'• — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1215,
Call office- • -
Lanrft Wortmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd. sur-
rel-.narpeii..work.drivlng horse*. 16th- Valencia.
"~ i^OST AXD FOUXD. ¦
IjCST—A naw book with the Hlbernla Sav-
lnr« «nd Loan Society of San Francisco In
-thi name of John Johnson; No. 223-576;
finder will please return U» bank. '
\~£V*rr— <3r*at Dane; lirht hrindle; reward for
or information. 34S Tenth st. ¦¦*.
rosT— Brown Spaniel, tas SS7b. Return , to
1U03 HiuTl*cn »t.. and receive reward, . l
HEAL ESTATE — Coantry— For g»I*.
.""."":¦¦¦-"' w. j. whitk
CHICKEN RANCHES KVKRYWHERK.
">: . <. EXCHANGES. ;
$15,000—103 acres; all level; 1 mile of town;
Contra Costa County; elegant y-room house; 2
large barns; 7 poultry houses;: 2 large gran-
aries; Income about $3000 a year; best ranch
in the county.. *
$30,000— Kl&math Co.. Southern Oregon; bor-
dering on Big Klamath Lake; 3000 acres: cut
about «S4U0 tons of hay annually; also :arg»
quantities of grain; well fenced and cro»»-
:«nced; good 8-room residence; farming imple-
ment*; lo horses; 3 good barns, etc.
$10,000— In Sonuma Co.-'SOO acres welt fenced
In 3 field*; house; H lares barns; dairy house;
well watered; 200 acres tillable; all level; 24
acres 8-year-old orchard; 30 head ca.ttle; 20
hogs; fanning Implements, etc ; $5000 mort-
gage; trade for bay property.
$27,000— In Placer Co.. on R. R.— 1680 acres,
part river bottom, all can be ploughed; carry
400 head cattle year round; dwelling; 3 good
bains; farming implements; 90 bead cattle; 1-'
head hcrses; plenty water to Irrigate; part cash.
J8500— Scld by order of Superior Court. 1080
acres, near. Point Arena, 200 acres ' fin* potato
land: apple orchard: 500 acres more could be
planted; SCO acres heavy timber; well Im-
proved and fenced: flne dairy or stock ranch.
•$5000— Best ranch In Southern Oregon; , 320
acres; 2 acts good Improvements;, well fenced;
orchard;' 6 horses; farming tools; outside, range.
$3250— Only 2 miles of town, 155 acres; 10
acres old vineyard; family orchard; 60 acres
clover or alfalfa; under 3 ditches; larga new
barn; will build dwelling to suit buyer; 10
flne milch cows; farming Implements; only
$1000 down. .
$2500 — 160 acres near boat and cars. Sonoma
Co.; good 6-room house; vineyard, orchard,
barn, outbuildings, horses cow, poultry. $200;
Job can < be had with the place. ,
I2C00 — One mile V. O.. schools and stores:
255 acres: 40 level; 10 could be Irrigated:
house, large barn, outhouses: well fenced and
cross-fenced; 150 bens: new- buggy, wagon,
.farming tools; some stock; 3 wells; water piped
to. buildings; furniture.
$4600 — Two and a half miles live town and
R. R. : 400 acres; 40 in grain on creek: about
100 acres more bottom land; 10 acres full bear-
Ing orchard: balance timbered pasture; house,
barn, etc. fine place for resort or sanitarium;
not far from city.
$5000—3 miles of Santa Cruz; 47 acres: IS
Under cultivation, balance fine pasture; 365
assorted fruit trees; 1500 grapes; windmill and
tank; water piped to buildincs and yards:
splendid 8-room hard-finished - house, good
stable and poultry houses; »pan good horses; 2
cows; 7 dozen hens; single and double buggies
and harness; hay; farming tools and furniture;
trade for No. 1 property around bay.
$2650— JttO acres. 8 miles of Napa City, 2
miles P. O. ; 30 acres under cultivation; IS
acrea full bearing fruit: 16 acres fine grain;
65 'acres more could be cultivated; balance
broken and rocky; house, barn, poultry houies.
Incubator, brooders, 2 wagons. 2 carts, horse,
cow, poultry, tools.
(3000 — 160 acrea, at station and near Santa
Cruz; 35 acres clear; orchard; 10- room bouse;
outbuildings; mortgage $2000; trade equity.
$3500 — Near San Jose; 14 acres bearing fruit,
mostly prunes; facilities for irrigation; build-
ings.
• $3250 — 26 acres sandy loam, only 2% mtles ot
Petaluma; house. 5 rooms and bath; part cash.
$750 — Gold mine, with 80- foot shaft and fino
body ot ore In sight. El Dorado Co. ; assays
$14 a ton; would exchange for vacant lot.
$2500 — GO acres; 5 miles from Santa Cruz; 20
acres : under cultivation, balance rolling and
seme ste«p; small orchard and vineyard, bear-
ing; good 7-room house, bam, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure; $500 down and balance
monthly payments If desired.
$3500— Near Petaluma: 13 acres; 6-room
house; good outbuildings; tools: wagon and
horse; 10 poultry houses; 400 hena; 2 Incuba-
tors and brooders; a money-maker.
$1600— Clvee to Sebastopol: S acres, 4 acres
bearing blackberries: family orchard; good
well; running water: flne Jersey, cow; spring
wagon; harness; tools; furniture. -
$4500— j» ear SebastiJpcl: 24 acres; all level:
2 flowing streams: 6 acres apples; 3 acras
blackberries; nice 8-room house, barn; drying
plant; outbuildings; horses; farming tools; ru-
ral delivery. V ¦ • •'
. $2250 — 10 acres, all In apricots Just com-
mencing to bear: 6 miles from San Jose; lovely
home; half cash.
$1700 — In Sonoma City: 3% acres: all level:
good house, barn, windmill, tank house; 13
poultry houses and yards; some alfalfa; spring
wagon; 5C0 chickens; feed house.
Send stamp for printed list. '.:•-»"'•*','
W. J. WHITE, 2a Montgomery St.. room 5.
PROPERTY- EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
$<3000— A BEAUTIFUL home in Santa Clara
Valley; within 1 hour's ride of San Francis-
co; 10 acres, modern house of 4 room?, bath,
etc.; artesian well, hen houses, brooders. In-
cubators, egg cases, everything complete for
a flrnt-class chicken ranch of 2000 hen ca-
, paclty; horse, wagon . and harness. II.
DOYLE. 1023 Market ;t. ¦¦ .
FOR SALE — 1S5 acres flne virgin redwood and
-pine timber near L E. -White's railroad at
Elk Creek Mendoclno County. For full par-
ticulars apply te A. CLOCKERS. Albion
P. P.. Cal. ¦¦ .'
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains: monthly au-
. Icgues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market »t. - - — - '
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
• $200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st.
WRIGHT A KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
cf advertisement! and subscriptions has beea
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. !
TYPEWRITERS^ANB^SCFPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25: other typewriters at
I higher and lower I prices : rentals $2 50. The
Typewriting Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery Ft. " '.¦ ¦
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Web6ter Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 50.8 Market.
ALAMEDA ADVEETIS'MENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$0250— A RARE bargain; chance of a life-
time; two beautiful tiD-to-data modern 0-
room flats on Clinton ' ave. ¦ bay frontage;
beautiful marine view; elegant surf bathing:
-bathhouses, etc. : this is a rare chance: don't
overlook it. HAMMOND * HAMMOND. 1423
Park st. - ¦'.'¦'¦
FRUIT VALE AD VIKT'S'M'NTS
• FUllITVALE HEAL. ESTATE.
_ ., i ., „. ., . i .. i, . ¦,.-.,- .. ¦ .. -. ¦ i-i ..--.¦--,-¦
NEW ' 5- room cottage and bath, with all mod-
, ern improvements; 2 blocks from local sta-
tion; lot 46x125; terms to suit; a bargain
' for a few days. Syndicate Investment Co..
FrultVale. *
j ""*" "" ™ "^*" mmmmm " """* """* "" ** ™ ™ m^^ mmmm l "^ — — * —
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BKOADWAY.
.. OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
$2750— Splendid income Investment and spec-
ulation; -flats near new Santa Fe' depot, San
Pablo avfi., where everything Is booming: 60-ft.
lot; rents $27 and can be increased; absent
owner orders this sacrifice for immediate sale.
<j50O_Cholce sunny lot. 70x104,. near Fruit-
vale ave, and old county road. . / * y
$2000— 6-room cottase and stable .with lot
50x140, on 30th st.. near Grove.
$1500 each — 2 lots, 50x120 each. In Adams
Point property; euperb view; elegant surround-
ln-8' cheapest Iota In the' tract.
•1500— Choice high lot. 50x125; on north side'
Edwards St.. near Telegraph ave.
- $400 will buy lot 25x127 on Adeline st.. near
18th. and the new De Fremery Park.
' .?25O ' for lot - 50x140 "on north side 43d st.,
near Grove; irrab It quick.
* . BELDEN, Real Estate.
.1112 Broadway, v Oakland. -
A SPECIAL BARGAIN — A .¦ fine 7-room eot-
- tage: lot !>Oxl27:;all street work done: good
location;' ea*y terms: price * $2750. 'P. C.
LASSEN, 46G Tenth . St., Oakland. Cal. .
A SNA P. '/'¦
$1400 only, for a 5-room cottag« with furniture;
C street work ..done," etc. : half, cash, balance
mortgage. Apply to P.- C. LASSEN. .460
Tenth st.. Oakland, Cal.
$700 CASH. $14 75 monthly; neat -cottage: 4
rooms; nice closets and pantry, bath, etc.:
- . barn, chicken : houses. • chicken runs; - young
'orchard and flowers; 10 lots, all fenced, 125x
; 256;-'Al soil; .fine ¦„ well of xoft water; away
'from. cold winds 'and fog;, adjoining:- East
Oakland; near electric car line and 90-foot
-boulevard: good - neighbors, surroundings;
i price In all $2000. Call or send for circular.
-.* 455 Seventh st.. opp. Broadway station. Oak.
* land free. H." Z. JONES, owner.-;,
~ *, • ¦ ¦ : ¦ . •
. i >l * . -• a sn A p.r ;*¦. v; -_.;.-"
$1550 — Six-room house; corner lot;, West Oak-
land. • , ¦-. .. .
.$160 — Lot 25x100; 'block to local train. ¦
WILLIAM : P." TODD. . - .. -
,y 1070 .Broadway. Oakland.'
; r .OAKLAND FURXISHED ROOMS. V
TO ¦ rent— Newly " furnished rooms for ladies or
.gentlemen.: 614 Fifteenth st., Oakland. -**¦; .;
OAKLAXD^FURJilTURE ,:' FOR ' . SALE.
TO-MORROW the " day : for. bargains < tn~f urnU
• iure H. Schelhaas.llth 8t.,cor.store,0akland. (
BEEKKLEY ADVERT'S'M'NT3
_ BEHKELEY I1EAL ESTATE. 1
$26C0— HALF block by th« Santa F«; $50
month.
$14C0— New cottage. 5 rooms; bath, pantry,
city water, sanitary plumbing; lot 50x100: 1
bloclr: from Jlettrlc car*: .-$150 down. ..f 25
mtnthly. *
$»50 — Neat cottage. 5 rooms and bath;. near ;
station of local train. • -.-. :
#500 — Lot. SOxl2O. on broad macadamized
street: $50 down, $10 monthly; Interest tf p«r
cent net.
$1200— House, 4 rooms: garden, etc.*. $150
down. $10 p«r monta.
$1850— House. 6 rooms and bath; lot 50x130;
small barn; street sewerad.
$125O— Business corner on principal avenue:
lot 60x100. ¦ ' e
$1500— Lot for factory sit?. 221x125.
$250 — Triangle lot. 40x120, with creek l:n*i
with willcws; $25 down. $10 month.
$1100— House, 4 rooms; lot 47xl2S; $100 down,
$15 per month.
$375 — Business lot, 20x75; $20 down.
1250— Lot. 50x100; $25 down: $5 month. C •
CHAS. A. BAILEY.
1056 University ave., nr. San .Pablo av«.»'"t
West Berkeley. ¦
NOW IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY ~" "
(If you profit by it at once)
to purchase.
Afinodern 8-room house; combination electrio
llfht and gas; beautiful flower ranJen anrl
'fruit trees In full bearing; north side ef:
Fairmount nve.. situated in beautiful South
Berkeley; lot COxl-W.
DON'T OVERLOOK THIS CHANCE, r
PRICE. $3750.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND. gASsl
1422 Park St.. Alameda. CaJ *»
A. MURDOCK A CO.. South Berkeley station.
for bargains: we build, buy. **H or exchange.
BEEXEliET EOTHLS.
HOTEL BERKELEY RJ3OPENS^^Thls~ele^
gantly appointed house- is now under a new
and experienced management. The service is
first rlasE. the accommodations homelike, th*
treatment of guests courteous, the rates low..
The hotel Is situated on Dwight way. ort«
block west of the Dwight way station, and is
therefore convenient to both the Key Rout*
and S. P. ferry systems. Rates, per day.
transient, are from $2 to $3. and per month
are $50 to $50, according to apartments. Ban-
quets and weddins dinners will be serv<fd on
short notice In the moat fashionable and de-
lightful manner. All interested In thta an-
nouncement are Invited to call at the houss
and Inspect it. Any further Information de-
*lred will be promptly given. Tel. Dana 13*t.
San Francisco Ad vertisem ? t8
ROOMS "FOR IIOUSEKEBPI.VG. -
EDDY. Rfcl — '2 unfurnished rooms; ljght house-
keeping; in medern flat. ' .
EDDY. 933 — Four furnished or unfurnished
rooms; private residence; flne location; adits.
FOLSOM. 525— Large sur.ny furnished room for
housekeeping. If desired; $1 75 a weefc. •'-
GUERRERO. »30. bet. 21st and 22d— 3 fuf-
mshed rooms for housekeeping; no children.
HOWARD, 1310—2 lovely rooms for housekeep-
ing, nicely furnished, and ona single. *", ¦ >
HOWARD. 1424— .1 furnished housekeeping
rooms; bath and gas; good kitchen; rent $15.
JESSIE. S23 — Large sunny front parlor, fur-
nished housekeeping, gas range. $14 month.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites: steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths: rate $30 up.
LARKIN. *1 7 %— Nicely furnished sunny front
room; folding bed, ga» stove; reasonable.
MARKET. 150», opp. Van Ne»s — Thre« unfur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; $16. '
MASON 417 — Furnished apartments for house-
keeping, single or "a *u!to.
MODEL House. 1200 Stockton — New, furnished
slnsl?. double hsekpg. rms.; gas, bath;$5-$t'i.
OAK. 352— Three tewly furnished sunny
rootnw. also basement roflm; $5.
STOCKTON. 41 and 45—2 nicely furnished,
sunny rooms, complete: run. wat.. gas stovs.
TAYLOR »11 — 2 furnished attic rooms, gas
range. $11; single room, gas range. $6 50.
TURK, 1332. near Fillmore — 3 furnished roonu. \
complete for housekeeping; $18.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call bracch offlce, eor.Duncan and Church sts.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
lft rages. In wrapper, fctr mailing. $1 per year.
APAETKE5T XOCSES.
. /
A ST. H1LAIRE APARTMENTS *
LAGUNA ST.. NEAR GEART
Will be ready for occupation In a f«w .
days. Everything new. Make your
. reservations now. Elegantly furnished
apartments with private bath — 2. 3 and "
4 rooms; steam heat; electric light: ele-
vator; private phones: rates reasonable.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be finished March 15.
. . 1084 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms aad
bath each: all unfurnished; $27 50 to $40.
Make reservations now. ;
ST. CEC1LE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness — Tn« .
acme of perfection in elegantly furn. 3-roora
" apartments r private baths, steam heat, elec-
tric lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $55.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson St.— Modern :t-4-S
rooms; also single: furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; reference*. Phone East VW.
APABTMEKT POB SAI.S.
APARTMENT house; centrally located and
beautifully furnished throughout: every mod-
ern convenience. 31 3-room apartments and
bath; clears over $450 per month. Box 1000,
Call office/ -v -
HOWLAND — S17 Van Ness ave.. cor. Ellis st.
— Beautiful modern Apartments of six rooms
and bath; finished In the meet approved
stylo: rents are reasonable and Include steam
heat, water, elevator service, etc.: Janitor on
premises. SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE A CO..
21S-22O Montgomery st. - ¦ - ¦-¦-.-»
ROOMS TO liBT— Ffrn. w«d t»wf»rw.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — Near
house, new furniture; every, room outside:
modern and sunny: prices from $1 50 p»r
. week up; this Is tb« only up-to-date nous* la
th;» vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 143 Sixth st — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; epen all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market *st. (or No, t
Fifth *t.)— Rooms. S5c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT." 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlsned rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantir
furnished sunny rocms: prices reasonable.
CUMM1NGS (The). 618 Post. nr. Taylor— Just
opened: desirably located: sunny. single rooms
and suites, with private baths, hot and coll
- water, steam heat, electric light*, phone ev«ry
room: elevator. Phon* East 1317 If desired.
FOR single gentleman, in private hoir.e (no
: other roomers), a large, sunny. - furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2624, Call office.
j FOR DRESSMAKERS — A splendid basement
floor, neatly furnished; reasonable; also
other rooms. 722 Eddy st. "-.
FOURTH.' 491— Sunny, large, front . and std-s
room, suitable for 2: will put In two beds.*
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35a
to $1 25 night; $1 SO to $6 wk.: readtng-room-
HYDE, 419 — Newly furnished, large. ' sunn? ..
front room; suitable one or two persons.
JESSIE. 363. east of U. S. Mint— Furnished .
room; $5 per month. - .•
LARKIN. S04 — Sunny ' single lack rcom fol
; „¦ gentleman; quiet house; $4 60 per month..
MARKET. 10K2— 2 rooms, with gas and coat
stove; $12 per month. - *
ROYAL House, 125 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' l par-
lor: rooms per nlsht, 35c to $1 50; w««k. $3
"to $S; month. $8 to $30; : elevator on ground
i floor: rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
STEINER. : 907 — Large front room, smalle*
•. connecting if desired; running water.
STOCKTON. 41 and 45— Nicely furnished sunny
front suites: also single rooms for gentlemen.
" $1 50. $2 60- $S week. Phone Black 52OL
TURK, i 32 Newly • furnished ' sunny rooms, e.i "-.
suite or ¦ single :' transient; Just opened.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 400 .
rooms. 35c ( to $1 night $1 75 to $8 - wMk; elee-
tric lights '(no gas)., running watar In tvery > '
-. roonvelevator.read.-room: free bus: baggage.
WOLF House, 202 Sixth — Electric light In everj '
• room:- 15c to ?la. night: 7S«;to $5 a week; ;
.'open all night;. convenient ; to all cars.
" Continued on ; Page Fourteen, \^
WANT IDVEPTISCPS IN NEXT SUNDAY'S GALL.9437 lbs tlrled fruit, SGOO lbs raisins. (J04 pkgs
fresh ' fruits, 226 ' pkgs : fresh ".vegetables, ? 170 cs
canned goods,". 790 lbs malt, i 110 lbs nuts,^ VZ>$}
lbs 7 cs butter,' 047; lbs I cheese;" 15 j cs I eggs.-i 500
Ibs:choc0late,* 514 gals ;2 C3 ! -wine. a 25'cs meals,'
1« cs liquors,;, 31? pkgs groceries and provisions,"
3i»0 lbs hops, i8.es i honey, v400;- lbs? dried r fish,
ISO tins matches,- 2f cs arms and' ammunition.
34 ! bales • twine. . 11 ' cs^ nails." 20 pkgs. electrical
supplies,':- 11 pkgs IS pes! pipe. *1 a bars; iron, 1
ton '.coal, 20 bars'U'bdls:8teel, : 2386'lbs pis. tin.
The ' '¦ steamer . which " sailed on
Tuesday, for. Victoria, carried .an assorted mer
chandise cargo .'consigned -to the -port 'of desti
nation and ;the, principal- British- Columbian
ports, valued :~ at $7092 • and ¦ Including - the - fol-
i 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 T jnrriWfryn iumwilwiiiiirr^j a juimjwflijjMjji jjj
Exports for the * Xorth.
' The Time ! Ball on the ¦ tower of- the ' Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noo* to-day
i. e. . at i noon of the 120th meridian> or at 8
p. m. Greenwich, time. J. : C. 1 BURXBTT." .
Lieutenant, U. 3. N.. la cll4ri«-
Branch -,Hydrographlc Office. TJ. S.
chants' Exchange. San . Francisco CaL.
April •¦ 6. 1904.
Time Ball.
! United States Coast an«I Geodetic Survey —
Time and; Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance* to San Fanclsco
Bay. Published by official authority ot thaw.
Superintendent. .
NOTE — The hlsh and low water* occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about- 2V
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide is- the same at both places.
THURSDAY. APRIL 7. ¦ . -
' Sun . rises .'. .5:4«
Sun sets '.: ;.;.; ; :.«:r;s
Moon riees (third quarter)-. 0:51 a. m.
O Time ITlme Time Time
•» i -Ft. I Ft. Ft.' Ft.
• H W |L W H W L W
~7 4:22 4.7111:27 0.71 «:.TS 4.2|U:42J . 3.2
8 5:29J 4.5 12:23 0.7 7:37 4.41..... L...
L.-W > H W .- L W H W
0 0:W 3.1 «:37 4.4 1:13 0.8 8.-2S 4.7
10 1:51 2-8 7:42 4.4 2:01 0.1) 9:02 4 n
11 2:40 -2.4 8:40 4.5 -:4« 1.1 9:37 5.0
\» 3:1S 2.0 9:30 4.« 3:23 1.2 10:07 5.1
! 13 3:54 1.5 10:lr; 4.7 3:5,^ 1.3jlQ:S0 3. 1
! NOTE — In -.the above exposition of the tidea
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand i column and • the successive tldea of the
day In the, order of occurrence, as to time: tb«
fourth. time column gives the last tide of the
day except when there are but three tides as .
sometimes occurs. The heights • given - are* In
addition, to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts.' except .when a minus < >
sign precedes the height, and then the nukaber -
given - Is subtracted from ,the depth • given by
the charts. .The plane of reference la the mean
of the lower; low waters.: :
Among the liner's passengers from Honolulu
was J. N."Cobb of tho Fish Commission.^ who
has been investigating = the '< Ha wallan flsherjes.
George -• A. '¦ Davis.;; theVHonolulu ' lawyer - that
was recently, disbarred. - was ' also ¦ a passenger.
Davis" is going to, Washington.' ; '
?3i Among -the passengers ifrom^the .Antipodes
was. T. Clarkson. ;; who fis^goingito ;the«st:
I»ui8 . Exposition ' as j; the -s representative <¦ of -- a
syndicate of New ', Zealand : newspapers. 1^' R. .: B.
Williams. thesuDerintendlnRiprovidoro of . the
The. Oceanic Steamship , Company's,, liner
Ventura. . Captain H. M. -Hay ward. v which ar
rived from Australia .shortly' after midnight of,
Tuesday, encountered ; '; a'C^terrific . gale after
leaving.. Auckland, which" lasted, thirty: hours.
Many heavy seas were shipoed - and ; some of
them did ' damage^ but [,'. the -liner ."proved', a
splendid sea boat and, terrific '¦ as was the tu
mult of wind and wave,*: rode out ; the . storm
with comparatively:; littlej discomfort '^ to... the
passangtrs. 'After" the gale moderated the seas
continued heavy and repeatedly ;'• washed the
decks. ~ It- was ¦ when the!; gale r had spent 'its
fury ¦ that two monster • waves , brake '< over ' the
vessel, engulfing the -brldge-.and:,reachinff*'al
most to the crow's nescriThe, front railings of
the bridge were twisted and, some of. the wood
work carried away. •. Second offle'er .W.^C.^ Aust,
-who ; was ¦ on . duty .."on i the i bridge, . was -swept
from his feet, but saved hlmFelf. by. gripping a
rail '¦ and hanging \ on • until the - green ; -waters
receded. ¦.-. The Ventura was twenty-four - hours
late reaching Honolulu. -¦- >',-. " ¦ ¦:'• ¦«
Ventura In Heavy Gale.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Charters
¦ The : bark ' R. , P.', Rithet ' returns ' to Honolulu*
with general cargo., '.HWteifljBaEafaia^K'MaBfMB
,The ; French bark"' Notre- Dame d'Arvor. out
twenty-three days; from /Mauritius for New
castle, N. : S. '. W.', , was j placed . on ¦ the : overdue
list.' yesterday,, quoted 'at- 10/ per cent." The
rate 'on the Lamorna" was advanced to 8.T per
cent. 'The Enslehorn : and "Gaetano 1 Casabona
remain' at 10 ncr cent. ; .-¦•-: '¦>¦'' ' •«•¦
— — — ? — .
The ¦-. Overdue List.
; The steamship City of Para arrived .yester
day from Panama "sfnd ' way ports with ; sixty
six . passengers, . 'of whom thirty-five ' were
Chinese...; She brought 1CS2 tons of cargo; and
treasure valued at 30. •' •
As the result of, a report. -from Eureka to
the'eltect that the steamer Spokane, which ar
rived here Tuesday, had «truck the Humboldt
bar and sprung a ¦.«. leak, the- Pacific- Coast
Steamship Company yes>Prday ' sent ; : a diver
down to examine the vessel's bottom.^- Captain
Nopander declared the reported grounding an
error and. the . diver's ' Investigation confirmed
the captain's statement. . ' ,- . _ r
City'; Of Para Arrives.
Spokane Did Xot Strike.
' ARRIVED.
¦ ' Wednesday. April C. ¦
Stmr Ventura. Ilayward. 23 days from Syd
ney, via Honolulu 7 days. '.
Stmr Korea. Seabury. ,27 days 8 hours and 49
minutes fr^m Hongkong, via Yokohama 10 days
15 hours and 57 minutes. . :
. . Stmr Czarina, Johnson, 4!J hours from Coos
Bay. '
• . Stmr City of Para. : Zeeder. 20 days 2 hours
arid 22 minutes from Panama, via : Mazatlan
5 ilays and 21 hours.
Stmr Senator. Alberts, CS hours from Vic
toria. - . ;¦<
Stmr Eureka. Je?»en. 24 hours from Eureka
' .Stmr^Vv'hittI»-r, Mclnnls. 30 hours from San
Po<lro.
<i- Stmr Arcata. Nelson. 53 hours from Coos
. , CLEARED.
Wednesday. April 6
Stmr State- of California. Thomas. San Di
ego: Pacific Coast Steamship Company - * - . .
.Stmr Rosecrans, Johnson, Astoria and Port
land, via Gaviota: Matson Pacific Navigation
Company. -
Br, stmr Missouri, Bruce. , Kobe, etc via Se
attle; Stanley Dollar, Steamship Company
Stmr Oregon. Doran, Astoria and Portland;"
O. R. and N. 1 Co. : ' , ;
Stmr^. Unimak. Hanson. Karluk: Alaska
Packing Company. ' . .
EktnSkagit. Robinson; Bristol Bay;. Alaska
Packers' Association.
- w' SAILED. .
-Wednesday, .April 6.
Whaling stmr. Alexander, : Tilton. whaling.'
Stmr. Rosecrans, Johnson, Portland aand As
toria.-, via- Gavlota. '. ' ' - ..,•.-
Ship AV F ¦ Babcock. • Moxsen. Seattle.
I Schr. Emma Claudina,* ; Peterson,- Eureka.' ¦
,. Schr; Sophie Christenson. 1 ¦ Lunvaldt " Astoria.
. : Schr Jennie; Griffin."- Gibson. Bolln'as. -
, . TELEGr^VPHIC. ¦ :
LOBOS.' Abril 6. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW;, velocity 12 miles per hour.
/ •'•; SPOKEN.'. ;,
• ' March j 24,-rF^y I mileM SW - of Start • Point.
Br,;shlr> Marlboroujh Hill, from Shields,' for
San Francisco.*;. . ' -, ¦,
" DOM ESTIO PORTS.
. TORT .' ; ANGELES— Arrived 1 •April ' 6— Schr
Shipping Intelligence.
Steamer. For. Sa.ils.
J. Dollar. .... Valdez & Seward. .. . . Apr. 9
Dlrigo... "..... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 10
Bertha... Valdez & Way Ports. . Apr. 10
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 11
Alkl.. .. •¦ Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 12
Cottage City. . Skagv.ay & Way Ports. Apr. l.'{
Santa Ana Valdez & Way Ports. Apr. 16
Farallon...... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 19
FROM SEATTLE.
Steame'r. | Destination. | Sails. Pier.
April 7. j I "
Spokane Humboldt 1 30 p Pier 9
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Curacao...* Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Czarina Coos Bay direct... | (Pier S
April 8. I
Eureka Humboldt 0 amIPIer 13
Arcata | Coos B. & Pt. Orfd -1 pm Pier 13
j • April 9. , ...
Elizabeth.. I Coqullle River 10 am Pier 20
Argo I Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
S.Cruz.... San Pedro S-. Way. Dam Pier 15
Jeanie • Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Newport... N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
Aurelia....- Astoria A- Portland! 5 pm Pier 2
j April 10. | |
S.Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 amiPicr 11
Centralia.:. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am|Pier'10
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30p'Pler »
Senator Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
April 12. f
G. W. Elder Astoria. & Portlandill amiPier 24
I ApriM3. (¦ |
Bonita I Newport & Way.. I 9 am|Pier 11
April 14. 'I
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts] 2 pmiPier- 7
April 15. I
City Pueb!a PugPt Sound Ports.llt am P'er 9
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 1 5 pm Pier 20
'G. Llndauer Grays Harbor j 4 pm Pier 10
April 16. I
Korea...*... China & Japan.... .1 pmiPier 40
City Para.. N. Y via Panama 12 mjPier 40
TO SAIL.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Mongolia Norfolk )Apr. 7
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma I Apr. 7
Elizabeth Coc,ui!!e Kiver Apr. 7
Argo 1>1 River Ports .'Apr. 7
Santa Roia.. San Diego & Way Pts. Apr. 7
Pomona Humboidt - Apr. 8
G. W. Eider.. Portland & Astoria Apr. 8
Hero.. Oyster Harbor Apr. 9
Mineola.. | Tacoma Apr. O
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor Apr. 10
Centralia. . . . j Grays Harbor Apr. 10
Bonita i Newport <fc Way Ports. Apr. 10
Centennial... J Seattle A Tacoma Apr. 10
Rainier...'. ..1 Seattle & Whatcom Apr. 10
State of Cal.. j San Diego & Way Pts. Apr. 11
City Puebla . . I Puget Sound Ports Apr. 11
Callfornian..-! New York Apr. 11
Spokane .1 Humboldt Apr. 11
Eur»ka I llumholrlt '. Apr. 11
Tltania Nanaimo Apr. XI
Tellus (»yster Harbor Apr. 12
San Jose New York via Panama Apr. 13
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.|Apr. 1.1
Oregon Portland & Astoria Apr. 14
Santa Cruz... San Pedro & Way Pts. [Apr. 14
Mariposa Tahiti Apr. 15
Gaeltc China & Japan I Apr. 16
Umatilla I'u=:et Sound Ports iAnr. 16
Amasls Seattle IXf*. 16
Honolulu — Mr. and Mrs. N. McLaughlin,
Mists J. Klockenbaum. Miss A. Klockrnbaum.
Mis« Klockenbaum. Mrs. J. J. Greer, Miss K.
A. Lillls, Miss T. A. LiHIs. Mr. and Mrs. H.
L. Ross. Mrs. M. L. McNorton, Mrs. C. A.
Brown. Dr. W. A. Llpman, J. N. Cobb. A. H.
Moffltt. Mrs. R. (*. -Brown and two children,
Mr. and Mrs. L. Stpvenp, G. K. Wilder, • Mrs.
t. Jaeger. Miss A. Jaeger. Miss M. Holckenlns,
Mr. and Mrs. A. Black. Miss H. Rcgelsberger,
Mr. P.nd Mrs. L. H. Ross. . Mr. and Mrs. I).
Hewitt. Mr. and Mrs. L. R. Bolles, B. K.
Nut ha ns-on. Mr.'- and Mrs. C • : W. Moore, Mrs.
A. M. Marks, Mi?sE. M.- Marks. - Mies' Alice
Marks. Mrs. C. Kuhl. Mrs . A . M . Fisher.
William Noble, airs. F. IlefTner. Mrs. H. C.
veazie. Mrs. • H. 'T. Newell, J. Leadlngham.
Mrs.D.H. Morey, G. , H. Ridley. E. ¦ W.-
Jordan; ' Mr. and. Mr?., C. B. Dyke, G. Otten.
W. Gilfoyle, Mrs. K. C. Miller. Georro A.
Davis, Mr. and Mrs. W. Pattinson; Miss May
Pattlnson, A..W. Bowley.' Miss M. Coey, Mrs
E. Noble.
Pago Pago — Mr. and Mrs. C. von Wallenthin,
F. von Wallenthin. Lieutenant- II. E. Par
menter, Otto.D?.men. '-
Mr. and Mr«. \V. Shepherd Allen. Miss Al
len. Miss Esther Allen. Mrs. Arnoldson and
Infant. F. Andrews. Miss M. Andrews, W.
Blacklock. Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Brown, James
Biram. Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Curran and child.
John Cunningham, MIss.C. Canfleld. Mr. and
Mrs. J. L. Castner, Miss Castner. Fred Cut-,
ten. T. Clarkson. F. Cuming. Dr. R. V. Cleve
land, J. Dalby. William Doupall. Captain and
Mrs. T. A. Dick. John Davles. Mrs. L. G.
Fixen. J. Field, A. Toll Felix. Julius Ferrin
holtz. Mr. and Mrs. Percy- Gibson. Miss L.
Garland. R." Horigkinson, Mr. and Mrs. IX W.
Harwood. Joseph Hewitt. J. Hudson. D'Arcy
Irvine, Mrs. S. Jackson Jr., Miss K. Jackson,
J.W. Joynt, R. Jamie>»on, J. Jamieson, Mr. und
Mrs. G. E.. Kirk. Ivor Lawson. Robert Leigh
ton. Mrs. H. J. Maglnnlty, Mr. Marshall. II.
C. Merrett, B. R. Montgomery, Dr. A. P. Mer
rill. II. A. Munson. F. Moon. J. F. Morris. J.
A. Maxwell. Mr. and Mrs. A. McNeill. Mr.
and Mrs. A. McNab, A. O. Neville. C. L.
¦ Newton. H. P. Norton. Maurice Nathan. J.
Owen, Mr. and -Mrs. It. Old, R. Ormerod. S.
Ormerod, E. Pascoe, Major and Mrs?. 7j. C.
Rennle, William S. Recllngton,. A: E. Ring
wood. H.- Rowbothan. -Miss A. Stegman, A.
K. Smith. C. II. Smith. Jihnes Smith. Mr. Tib
bitt. R. B. WHIUms. Mrs. White. A. E. Wat
son. H. A.* Wllcox. Hon. Mrs. Webster. Mrs.
J. B. Bullen. W. Beattie, Miss Biggs. J. T.
Bryant. B. Burford.' H. L. Clagberg. Mr. and
Mrs. Chlllingwortli. Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Co
vell. Mrs. E. Daughters". Miss May Davis,
Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Doyle and family. Mrs.
Frost, George Fowlie. Mrs." John Goudie and
child. Mrs. Hendre. Master Hendre. Mr. and
Mrs. Joseph Hoskin. JTIss Coral Hoskln. Miss
Adeline Iloskln, Dorothy Ho**In, Joseph Hos
kln Jr.. Samuel Harris" MIsw A . Uobbs. Mrs.
.Tessup. Elder S: J. Johnson. J. Keegan, J.
Kenny. Mr. and Mrs. James Lindsay, K. Rcay
Mackay. R. Mlsonne. J. N. Mennic. J. 1.
Moses. K. A. Miller. J. Magree. Thomas Mac-
Donald. Mr. ami Mrs. J. C. Reiff. Mr. - and
Mrs. J. Stevenson. Mrs. J. W. Wilson, J. W.
AVilson. Mr and Mn». John Ware. Miss Eliza
beth Ware, Mr. and Mrs. V. 1 If. L. Wood, P\
W. "Ward. Mr. and Mrs. Wotherspoon. two
children and infant.
Union Steamship Company at Auckland, was
also a' passenger. He f« going to England to
take out a WVO-ton turbine-e.nglned stcaniec
for th» Union Company. This vessel is oni-.
of the largest turbine boats in th« world, and
the trip from England to the' colonies is the.
longest voyage ever attempted by a steamer of
her character. She will run . between Mel
bourne and Launceston, Tasmania. * '
The Ventura's passengers Included the fol
lowlnr named: /
Chas Hanson, hence March 27.
PORT TOWNSEXD — Arrived April « — Bktn
Koko Head, from Shanghai.
TACOMA— Sailed April 0— Bktn J U Erliton.
for Port Los Angeles.
Sailed ADril «— Fr bark Marie, tor Adelaid-.
VENTURA— Arrived April &— Stmr Asun
cion, from Redondo.
Sailed April 6 — fe'tmr Asuncion, for R»diml>x
SEATTLE^ — Arrived Aoril 6 — Br ship Luci
para from Tyne.
Sailed April 6 — Stmr City of Seattle, for
Skagway.
ASTORIA — Arrived April 6— Stmr Despatch,
from Port Orfonl.
Sailed April 6— Schr C A Klose, for San
Francisco.
Arrived April 6 — Bktn Newsboy, hence
March "0. •
PORT. GAMBLE— Sailed April 6— Schr Rob
ert Lewers. for Honolulu.
BELLINGHAM— Arrived April 6— Schr Mil
dred, for Honolulu.
TATOOSH— Passed out Acril 6— Nor stmr
Titanla. for San Francisco.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed AprU 6— Stmr Bo
nita. for San Pedro. ' .
BANDON— Arrived April 6— Schr Onward,
hence March 31.
ISLAND PORTS.
HILO— Sailed March 2S— PcbrTV II Talbot.
for Portland. Ore. March 2S — Bark St Kath
erlne. for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived At>ril 6— U S stmr
Sheridan, from Manila, for San Francisco: Br
stntr Aornnpi, from Brisbane; stmr Nevadan.
hence March 29; bark Edward May, h?nce
March 13. :
Sailed -.tprll 5— Bark Kaiuiani. for San Fran
cisco.
GUAM— Arrived April 5— Ship Mary L Cush
ing. hence Feb 15.
• EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed April 5— Stmr Yucatan,
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA — Arriv-d" ADrtl 4— Br rtmr
Empress of India, from Vancouver.
Sailed April u — Br stmr Indrawadi, for New
York, ADril i — Br stmr lndrasamha. for
Oregon. March 12 — Ship A G Ropes, for Hono
lulu.
TENERIFFE— Arrived Aoril 4— Gcr M^nr
Abydos hencs Dec is. for Hamburg.
HONGKONG— Arrived Aoril fr— Br stmr
Doric, hence March 5.
PORT P1RIE— Arrived Feb 2C— Br ship Cur
tez. from Port Blakeley.
NEWCASTLE. . A US— Sailed Feb 9— Br ship
Haddon Hall, for Guayaquil. March 2 — Schr
Minnie A Caine. for Hilo. In port Manh
H — Bktn Amason. for Honolulu: sehr Bsre
alis. for Honolulu: bark Chnw B Kenny, for
S:in Francisco: Br ship I.indfleld. for S»n
Francisco: Br bark IxdhI Templetown. for San
Franclsjo; shtD.St DavUl. for San Francisco.
Arrived April &— Bark Charmer, from- Cai-o
Town. Prior to April 3— Br bark Invercoe.
hence Feb tf. ¦-.•:?.•
Arrived March 5 — Br *hij> Logan, from Sa
il na Cruz.
PAGO PAGO — Arrived March 5 — Uru* ship
Ama Besonakoa. from Barry.
- ACAPULCO— Sailed Arril Z— Stmr San Jo-e.
for San Francisco. April 5— Strnc Colon, for
Panama.
CARDIFF— Arrived April 5 — Br ship Scottish
Moors, from Tacoma.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 0— Stmr Gecrgic.
for Liverpool.
Sailed April C — Stmr Oceanic, for Liverpool.
ST JOHNS. N F— Arrived Aoril «— Stmr
Austrian.' from Glasgow and Liverpool, for
Halifax.
- LIVERPOOL— Arrived ADril B— Stmr Ken
sington, from Portland; stmr Michigan, from
Boston.
PALERMO— Sailed ADril &— Stmr Slavonia.
for New YorV.
QUEENSTOWN -— Arrrivrd Aoril ft— Stmr
Saxonta. from Boston, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. BMMEHbMKra
LINERS VENTURA, KOREA AND
(MTV OF PARA. WHICH AH
RIVED IN PORT YESTERDAY.
WASHINGTON. April 6.— Secretary Hay and
Senor, Quesada, the Cuban Minister, to-day
signed a treaty of extradition.
Irjjnred Woman Amends Complaint.
Janice Emmons, the young: woothu
who, while returning from the Cliff
House on the morning of December
7, 1903. -was thrown from an auto
mobile, filed an amended complaint
yesterday In her action for damages
against the Mobile Carriage Company.
She asks for 51600 damages from each
of the five members of the firm.
- Steerage — Carl Paul!. -Louis Ronn.' J. ' H.
Flynn. William McNeiU." Mrs. McNeill, Mrs.
Wclnstock. Thomas Turnbull, J. M. Medero'us
and family. F. Be R a. F. Anitlno.S. C. Mc-
Donald, John Ferguson, ¦. J. f M.r Mclntyre, . E.
Mudfer, Mrs. L. Boirtopher, John Burke, J.
T. Neil". H. D. Parkers H. Ha'hekroth, ; wl(i
and -child; G. Cintrony, ; John-; Garrison, .Alex
McCormlck. V. Gomez, L. - Baulln, ;Miss A.
Costa. M. Welnstcck. - John Davidson. Mrs. ¦ C.
A. -Parker, Edward Jackson; G." Blllo. -Mrs. B.
Percy, F. J. Kenney, Mrs. M. Ro<lrigues.
- From Honolulu — W. W. Bierce, "Mrs. AV. W.
Blerce, A. A. Brown. J. L. Cockburn. J. B.
Castle. Mrs. J. B. Castle. . Miss K. Cartwrlght.
Mrs. S. M. Damon. Miss May Damon. Master
D. Damon, CharUs S. Dole, Carlos von Dra
then, Merton Elliott. Mrs. L. M. Elliott,
George Fuller. Miss M. Fowler. Mrs. G. R.iGif
ford, A. C. Gehn, Francis Gay. v fclr».
Francis Gay. Miss A. C. Grozeller. Mrs.\ G.
E. Hawey. Miss G. Hammond. Miss High.
Mrs. High, J. A. Jeffrey. Mrs. _£ "A. Jeffrey,
Miss Alice Hall Jones, JIKs Gertrude Jones,
B. P. Lewis. Mrs. B. P. Lewis. Eben Lane,
Mrs. Eben Lane. Miss F. G. ii-ane, Mrs. J.
I.Hndo. Miss Ester Lando, Miss E. P.
Lanino. 'Miss G; Lacy.' C. II. Merchant. Mrs.
C, II. Merchant. Mies Merchant. M. J. Mitchell,
t,. C. Merrlck. Miss F. Merrick, Mra. W. H.
Moorehouse. Miss S. Moorehouse. '¦¦ J. F. . Mer
rill, Mrs. J. F. Merrill. Mrs. J. S. MerrHI.
Miss R. Merrill, C. A.McIntosh, A. C. Mag
nus. Mrs. A. C. Magnus, Mrs. T.G.' Prescott,
E. T. Parsons, Mrs. Parker. W. H. Pain, Mrs.
W. II. Pain. Dr. W.G.. Rogers, D. M. Rich
ards. B. F Steele, Mrs. ; B. . F. Steele, Frank
Semple, Mrs. Frank Semple. Miss A. • Semple,
George E. Scribner. Sin Yat Sin, Otto Schmidt.
Mrs\H.-.V. Turner and infant, ; A. W. Taylor,
Percival W. White. E. J. Walker. Miss W.tW.
White,. H. F. Williams.' . .
The Korea's cargo of 6165 tons in
cluded .260 bales of raw silk, valued at
$180,000. ;
Among the liner's passengers were
distinguished people from many lands.
A. W. Taylor, the young American who
¦o narrowly escaped death at the handd
ot Korean laborers on a Hawaiiar
sugar plantation, came up from Hon
olulu on the liner. His wounds have
healed, but it will take a 'long rest
in a temperate climate before the vic
tim of Korean violence regains his
strength.
The Korea's passengers included the
following named:
From China and Japan— F. Anchorena, Mrs.
F. Anohorena. A. W. Aspen. F. C. -Austin.
Mrs. F. C. Austin. S. C. Bartlett, Mrs. b.
C ¦ Bartlett and maid. D. ¦ Bartlett. G. Bart
lett. R. L. BartUtt, S. C. Bartlett Jr.. Mrs.
R. I>. Be--» Miss M. Berb?, Miss I. Beobe,
Master Bee.... E. de Belxedon, Mrs. de Beix
edon, three children and servant, K. Blook. S.
Bohmanson, Mrs. Bohmanson. Harold Bolce,
View r. 13. Burdctte, Mrs. C. E. Burdette.
Rev H O. ("aily Mrs. H; O. Cady and two
children. Dr. n." H. Campbell. A. S. Chese
brough. Lung S. Choi, .F. 11. Cornish. J. Kr
linger. Sir George Errlngton. Ljidy Errlngton
and ninid. R-.v. Claudius Ferrand, O. L. I 1 In
ley Lieutenant «J. S. Williams, Huntlngton
Wilson.' Asa Fishr, S. Fukusawa. O. Gagg,
Captain J. It. Gordon. Miss Gordon, J. Hack
stroh. G. II. Hamup. Mrs. G. H. Hampe. Mrs.
George R. Harney and two children. Y. Hashi
moto, I. Hayashl. T. G. Hayman. Mrs. T...-J.
Ilayman, Georjre T. Hawley. Mrs. George T.
Hawley A. 11. Hollingsworth. W. II. Hunter.
K. Ilea' II. Imnra, A. B. .Tackman. F. II.
Jermyn, K. Kamajl, T. Kashimamura. S.
Kinkizan, V. Klnoslta. W. ..I^agro. A. I>ahin.
W. l>ach, 11. K. U)ve. Mrs. II. K. Love and
child. Master It. W. McCartney, Mrs. J. H.
McLean child and malJ. W. M. Milne, Mrs.
W. M. 'Milne. Mrs. Lucy B. Mathey, D. R.
AVIIliams. T. Wlssburn, W r ong Yep and ser
vant. Baron >!at«udalro anil valet. H. Matsul,
M. Matsumura. Goro Xakayuma, E. J. Oester
reirher, G. Ohta. Stuart' I'lowright, G. R. Put
nam, R. e. Bobbins. Mrs. J. I). Rogers, Miss
Rogers. K. Schmidt. E. M. Scligman. T. A.
Sherman. Mrs. T. A. Sherman and child, G.
Simon. E. It. Sixer Jr.. C. H. Smith. O.
Spttidon. W. T. S'.iinncy, Mr?. W. T. Spinney.
Mire B. Stuart. R. TanRka. L.. Temme. Madame
Tllller. J. Frank Tritch. Mrs. J. Frank Tritch,
Rev. R. A. T>ompsf-n,- ¦ Mr*. IV A.. Thompson,
X. W. Van Cleve S. R. Warburton. Mrs.. S.
R. Warburton, E. Neumullcr, L,. II. Westdahl,
E. A. Wetmore. U. D. Wetmore, Mrs. D. R.
"Williams Mr. Vstmrnakl.
The Pacific Mail Company's steam
ship Korea. Captain W. B. Seabury,
arrived yesterday from the Far East
with the largest number of cabin pas
sengers ever carried by a Pacific Mail
liner and the biggest shipment of Jap
anese gold coin ever brought across the
Pacific. She had 204 passengers in the
cabin, S2 in the steerage and 578 Asi
atics, or S64 passengers all together.
In her treasure room, packed in strong,
scaled boxes, were 8,000,000 Japanese
yen. valued at $4,000,000.
TO ARRIVE.
c
Movement of Steamers.
The cargo for Weihalwei consisted of 4S7 pes
and 28 bd!s iron, 5 pkgs machinery and 2 cs
hardware.
For Kobe the steamer carried 57.1S8 ctls bar
ley, valued at $61,400, and 400 tons pig iron,
valued at $7200.
The shipments to Chlnampo included lS6 - cs
assorted canned goods, 2(> cs canned salmon,
1500 lbs coffee, 540 lbs lard. SOS lbs cheese.
(U> cs table preparations, 3C0 lbs beans. 40 pkgs
machinery, 11 pkgs* 10 pes pipe and 20 pkgs
hardware.
Th»» British steamer Missouri was cleared
yesterday for Kobe via Seattle with an assorted
cargo consigned to the port of destination and
other Oriental ports, valued at $75,746. to be
distributed as follows: For Kobe. $71,600;
Chinampo, Korea. S33SO; Wcihalwel, China,
$7««J.
A Cargo for the Orient
In addition to the forrgroing the steamer car
ried 57.500 lbs dried fruit, valued at $1846. en
route to Winnipeg. Manitoba.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. April «
Bark Albert. Turner. 13 days from Lahaina.
OUTSIDK BOUNt^lN.
April «. 12 p m— Schr Virginia; anchored
off the Heads.
SPOKEN.
¦ Per bark Albert, from Honolulu Aoril 9—
April 6, 60 miles off Ihis port. U S stmr Daniel
(Manning-, in search of *cbr Kailua. .'...%
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Arrived April 0 — Stmr Jamea
Dollar, from Valdez.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April «— lir
bark Ivanboe. from Honolulu.
Sailed ADril 6— Br bark Zinlta. from Tart
Gambl*-. for Adelaide.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed April 6— Schr Rob
ert Lewers, fcr Honolulu.
ABERDEEN— Arrived April 6— Schr Guide,
hence March 28.
Sailed April 6 — Stmr Ccntralia. for San F*
dro; stmr G C Llndaur. for San Francisco;
schr Comet, for Santa Barbara.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA. B C— A^rtl 6— Br bark Frocyon
passed to Chemainun in tow. hence March 25.
Late Shipping' Intelligence.
WEDNESDAY. APRIL 6.
Irv-in Howard to Margaret M. Blattner et ai.,
lot on SE corner of Hayes and Franklin streets.
E Sl:6 by S 120; a!eo lot on NW corner ot
Fifteenth avenue and K street, W 225. N
-f7.96. E 250.35. S 324.25; also lot on N line
of K street, 119:9 W of Fourteenth avenue,
"W 135.26, N 331.45, K S5..13, S 313.6$; also lot
on SE corner of Eleventh avenue and J street,
E 210, S 114.50, W 241.27. N. 13a.3O; gift.
Marie Galberg to Charles M. Soren<«on, lot
on N line of Post street. 54 W of Franklin. \V
26 by N 1.57 :H; also lot on N line of Bush
street, 100 E of Lyon, K 25 hy N 137:6; gift.
' City nnd County of San Francisco to Henry
A. Steffens, lot on N line of Union street,
169:11 U W of Gough. W 28 by N 87:0'i. SE
to point «0:9!a N of Union, 8 to beginning;
Tliomas F. and Jessie Boyle to A. Miles
Taylor, lot on S line of Vallejo street, 165 E of
I Buchanan. E 27:0 by S 137:(>; $10.
Amanda T. Burnt* (wile of K. O.) to Carl
M. Lee lot on S line of Green street, 137:0 E
of Steiner. E 32:6 by S~137:G; 510.
Moses ' and Bertha Fls-her to Matthew Mc-
Manus, lot on N line of Waller street. 155 E of
Scott. E 22:6 by N 137:6; $10.
Ferdinand A. and Jeannette C. W'est (Pat
rldge), Eliom W. and Alice E. Gates (Pat
ridge) to Edward F. Moggart, lot on F line of
California street, 131:3 W of Baker, W 25 by
S 137:6; ?10.
John J. and Winifred M. Morey to Mary S.
Delano, lot on W line of Lyon street. 100 N of
Geary. N 57:6. W 100, N 40:10, NW 104, S 113,
B 201:6; $10.
Daniel Einstein to Nicholas E. Neary, let on
SW corner of California and Lyon streets, S
25 by W S8:5; $10.
Jackson J. and Anna M. Martin to Abraham
W. Johnson, lot on N line of Hay street, 110 !
W of Lyon. W 27:6 by N 100; $10.
Margaret and Andrew J. Donovan to George
L. Firestine. lot on S line of Halght street.
87:6 E of Masonic avenue, E 25 by S 100; $10.
Jessie W. and Olive Hamilton "to Grace M.
Plnney, let on N line of Golden Gate avenue.
129:11 E of First avenue, E 25 by N 107:6;
$10.
City Land Company (corporation) to George
M. Mitchell, lot on S line of Sacramento street.
137:6 W of Laurel. W 137:6 by S 1327V»;
$10. . .
James H. and Sadie Bennett to Linnie KaulT
nian. lot ojj N line of Washington street. 105:6
W of Spruce. W (52:6 by N 127:SVi; $10.
Isabelle S. and Samuel A. Boyd to Mary L.
Jaekson, lot on NW corner of Jackson and
Spruce streets. W 50 by N (3:10'«; $10.
John C. and Annie Flood to George Jorgcn
son. lot on N line of Twenty-second street,
97:6 W of Harrison. W 25 by N »5; $10.
John K. Quinn to John R. Olson, lot on E
line of Valencia street, (50 N of Nineteenth, N
25 by E SO; $10.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Ellen
B. Copp, lot on N line of Twenty-first street
300 E of Castro. E 25 by N 114: $S90.
Alfred T. Powell to Freda V. Powell un
divided half Interest in lot on 8 line of Nine
teenth strtet, &0 W of Noe, W 25 by S 88:
gift.
James Dcmpsey to Gustave F. Hammar lot
on S line of Army street. 160 E of Sanchez.
E 30 by S 114; $10.
William C. Kewin to Thomas and Bridgct.-
Sexton, lot on W line of Sanchez street. 51 •»>
S of Twenty-third, S 25 by W 100; $10.
Nonie B. Brook to John Corbett, lot on N
line of Lombard street. 137:6 E of Hyde E
57 :6 by N 137:6; fl. '
E. C. and Dorothea Moore to Joseph Slye,
same, quitclaim deed; $10.
R. A. «nd Mary A. Tuttle to same, came;
Joseph and Eveline L. Slye to John Corbett,
same, quitclaim deed; $10.
Herman and Rose Sommer to Carlo Gulnas!>o
lot on S Hue cf Pacific fctreet, 115:0 W of Ma
son. W 22 by S 6S:»; $10.
Metropolitan Laundry Company to Walter M
"Willett, lot on SE line of Natoma street 175
NK of Fourth. NE 75, SE 90, SW 50 NW 10
SW 25, NW SO; $10. ' '
Walter M. Willett to George Reed, same- ?10
Sophie E. Chaquette to Lucy D. Chandler,
lot on SW line of Fifth street 90 SE of Fol
som, SE 25 by SW 75: ?10.
Estate cf Mary L. K. B. Yarde-Buller (in
competent) (by George T. Wright, guardian) to
Henry Rich, lot on SB lino of Harrison street,
125 NE of Ninth, NE 25 by SE 170; also lot
on SE line of Blackwood street 125 NE of
Ninth. NE 25 by SE 75; $5000.
Same (by William H. Chapman, trustee and
"William H. Chapman) to same same; $5000
Ralph K. Blair to same, came, quitclaim
deed: $10.
Arthur K. Blair to rame, same, quitclaim
deed ; $10. ¦ ¦ ¦
Henry Rich to Kate K. Wheeler. Jot on SE
lin* of Harrison street, 137:0 NE of Ninth NK
! 12:0 by SE 170: al»o lot on SE line of Black
wood street. 137:0 NE of Ninth, NE 12:0 by SE
75: $5.
Same to Maria C. Saffori lot on SE line of
Harrison street. 125 NE ofTNinth, NE 12:0 by
SE 170: also lot on SK line of Blackwood
street, 125 NE of Ninth. NE 12:6 by SE 75; $"».
Elrzjbeth Warner to Catherine J. Kiernan.
I lot on E line of. Columbia (Florida) street o00
S of Soiano. S 25 by E 100; $10.
Martin Holj, to Frederick W. Mlnkel. lot
on NW corner of Army and Connecticut
streets. N 100 by W 100: gift. *
E. B. and Emma C. Haltett and W. S. and
Vesta L. Gee to Mary C. Boyd (wife of H. C.)
lot on E line of Sixth avenue, 275 S of Lak»
street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
De A. L. and Beatrice L. Nichols to Percy
D. Roberts, lot on K line of Twelfth avenue.
150 S of Lake street. S 25 by E 120;- $10.
Bernhard and Rose Getz to Annie Rhine,
lot on W line of Nineteenth avenue. 100 N
of Point Lobos avenue, N «5 by.W 75; $10.
Annie Rhine to Oscar Heyman, same: $10.
J. II. and Cora W. Morton to Mellnda A
de Witt (wife of C. C), lot on NW comer or
Thirty-fourth and Point Lobos avenues. N
32:6 by W 100- $10.
Louis B, and .Albine Perramont to Rebecca
J. Peterson and Andrew Lynch, lot j on SB
corner of Point -lyibos and Ninth avenues S
I0O by K 57:6; $10. *
Bay District Land Comnany to Paul Andor
nettl, lot on E line of Third avenue 175 N
of A street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
Richard and Ethellnd D. Adams to Thomas
J. Stanton, lot on N line of "B. street. 104:2
E of Thirty-third avenue, W 104:2, N-71:3
SE 127; also N 16 by 90 feet of lot 19, block
S, Flint Tract; $600.
John Trounson to Bartley P. Oliver, lot on
E line of Seventh avenue,. 25 N of Hugo
street. N 23 by E 95;. $10.
Alfonzo, alias Alphonzo, and Enrma Harring
ton to Mary W. Smith (wife of John), lot on
E line of Sixth avenue. 85 S of Hugo street.
S 23 by E 9.-.; $10.
Estate of John J. Cronan (by Timothy Cor
ley, administrator) to Henry Rich, lot on S
line of Merrttt street. 75. IS W' of Hattie W
25.06. 6 M.12. E25.pi. N S0.25, , lot 53, b'lock
B, Park Lane Tract; $500. v !
Henry Rich to *Iargaret Kirschbaum, same:
$10. , .-•.-;
William A. Jones to Harry G. Trull, lot on
E line of Willard street. 463.24 S of Parnassus
S 25.04. E 96.71. N 25. "W to beginning. Sunset
District; $10.
Charles and Kmillc Wlttenburg to John
Rueckert, lot 2. block W, Park Lane Tract 2
$10. ¦
• Bernhard and Rose Getz to • Thomas C.
Hunter, lot on E corner of Paris, and Persia
streets. -NE 25 by SE 100, block, 19, Excelsior
Homestead; $10.
Margaret Lahaney to Augustus F. K. Kemp
ky. lot on SW line of Eleventh avenue, 200 NW
of P street. NW 25 by SW - 100. 1 block 22G
O'Neil.-& Haley Tract: $10. -
Alice M.-Hood to Arthur H. C.-Mau, all In
terest in estate'of Ottilia Mau; ?10.
- •Builders' Contracts. * .< -^ - - :
G. M. Postlglione (owner) 'with "a.; Dahlberg
(contractor), architect C. R.-Wllson — Grading
concrete, brick, carpenter and mill tvorkMiard
uare, stairs, electric work. , plastering, marble
steps, a6phaltum roof, glass work and tiling
for a three-story and basement frame building
(three flats) • on N line of Sacramento street
W:9 E of Pierce, E 26 by N ;03; $8120. .
. Security -Savings Bank, (owners) with-West
ern ;irou Works (contractors), architect Na
thaniel -. Blalsdell — Constructional'- steel, '-.-¦ cast
iron work, sidewalk traps, with all:, painting,
riveting and bolting: for a two-story • and base
ment brick building on-K line. of .Montgomery
street. 137:6 S of California street,- E tiS:9 bv
S 40; $6350. : - ¦¦¦•-.-..- ¦•.- . .•¦¦:.' ¦ ; . • ¦¦.-', j *
- Same >. owners ; with : Raymond f Granite . Com
pany..-: (contractors). • architect", same — Marble,
work and -marble facing of Rtrect ' frontage and
returns for same on same; $13,350. > ;
REAL ESTATK TRAXS ACTIONS.
200 Justice CM
TONOPAH MINING EXC^P^^,,
Morning Session.
lOOOMont Ton ...ISO! 60 Mont Ton ...1 «3
300 Mont TonM 32',il
Afternoon Session.
200 Mont Ton..l 32^ [2000 Ton Midway.. 37
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, April 6—4 p. m.
BW.Ask.| B^ A8 ci
Alpha 03 0<5[ Justice £ «
Alta OS cajKentuck 02 a.
Andes 3« 37|Keyes Graes.. SS 90
Belcher 19 20| Lady Wash ..— o
Best & Belch.2 10 2 50f Mexican . •>» - «•'
Bullion CS lOIOccidental ¦¦• «J «
Caledonia ...1 05 1 lC[Ophir » 50 5 b-^»
Challenge Con 2* 2B|Overman -J>
Ohollar 17 18(Potosl -- -•
Confidence ... 80 8S| Scorpion 15 !'•
Con C &,Va.l stt 1 S3!Savage 47 4.*
Con Imperial. 02 03 Seg Belcher .. 1- !•»
Con NY.... 02 (M|Slerra X«r .. <O «••
Crown Point, is 19|SUver Hill .. K» •*>
East Sierra N t«J — [St Louis .... 10 *•*
Eureka Con... — .-Mil Syndicate .... Of 0..
Exchequer .. IS 1J>| Union Con .. M 81
Goald t Cur. 39 4OH;tah '« \'
Hale & Norc. P0 R>TTeIlow Jacket «0 o-
Julia a: 041
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld..Vsk.! BM.AJ*.
Esperanza ... — OlITon & G W .. — w
Little Ton .. 2t —(Ton of Nev. .8 0<» 9 m
MacNamara . *\H 10|Ton N .Star.. ««> «-
Mont Ton.l 32>il 37"^- Ton Midway.. «i —
Ray & OBrlen 02 — Ton Superior.. — r-
Rescue 07 CS U Ton H> ~
Ton Helmont. 5D ttOJWest End .. — -^
Ton tc Cal .. — 2l!
Continued From Pa«e Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
THE .SAN. FRANCISCO GALL. THURSDAY.. APRIL. 7, 1904.
In Her Treasure Room the Pacific. Mail -Company's Big Steamship
Carries Yen Worth $4,GOo;ooo--Arrives From the Far East
With 864 Passengers and 616^ Tons of Genera! Merchandise
LINER KOREA BRINGS FROM
ORIENT MUCH JAPANESE GOLD
14
ROOMS TO LET— Farn. and Unfur*.
VAN ICKSS ave.. 619— Elegant froot parlors
»nd adjolnlnr suite for office or' club.
VAN NESS. 826 — Furnished sunny room in flat,
suitable 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Sd et.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
S6c to Jl 60 nlrht; $2 to $8 w«*k; elevator;
elec. lights: readlnir-room: free, bus; baggage.
ROOKS A>D BOARD.
EDGE MERE HOTEL.
731 Bush st.. abov* Powell; select first-
claas residential hotel; elegantly furnished
and table unsurpassed; electric llrht; steam
heated and privaffe exchange telephones la
every room; terms reasonable.
. B. DU CARPB, Prop.'
BOARD for the summer in a nice private
home tn San Leandro: one hour's ride to
San Francisco: all the fruit, vegetables, but-
ter ecrt and chickens; homa raised; accom-
modations first dasi and home like; rates
very reasonable. Box 4278. Call.
RfJIMEK board In a pleasant country hom«
!n Ponorna County near San Francisco, and
close to Petaluma: daily train and boat **""-
lc*; climate unsurpassed; terms reasonable.
Box 406S. Call office.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
IMS VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
THONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
HOWARD 841 A— First -cla*« board with room.
(Ingle of double >4 80-J5 week: American
family; home cooking; home comforts; piano.
"HOTEL ELSMEBE. 41P Putter— Sunny suites,
singi* rm*.: excellent table; moderate prUe».
O'FAURELL. 1420— Sunny rooms; privat* fam-
ily: «ro*d board: bath, phene.
THE^LAKE. 26S Turk rt. — Sultea and slngl*
rooms, with board; prices reasonable.
VAN NESS av«.. 1714— Elegantly furnished
suites, with baths; also single; homelike.
SKWI\G MACI<IM> AJ\P SL'PP'LIBS.
XXJMESTK3 — The machine tor family use;
beat is cheapest; second-hand all makes at
• ny crice: all kinds rented lowest ratea.
Domestic office. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
JCEW HOME— See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used: $10. $15. $20; second-
hand. S3. $5. $8: all styles: guaranteed. New
Home Owing Machine Co.. 1051 Market rt.
SPECIALISTS^ -
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
porfilvelj cured; new methods: 1 week's treat-
ment free Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
SLOT MACHIXES.
flct mac?i:n«f. $25; punchers. $25; lifters, card
rr.arMn*s.?20. W.A.Bradford CQ..11S5 Market.
fcTt-TTERlXC AAD STA3IMER I.\G.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van N«ys & Market,
rrnrnif-es cure tf In fair health; hours 1 to 5.
DIVIDED KOT1CES.
AT the regular directors' meeting of the Cali-
fornia fecliuetzen Club Park .and Building
AMociatlcn h«>ld Wednesday, April 6, a divi-
dend of 25 cents per share was declared, pay-
able en and after Friday. April 15, at th»
• 'fflce of the treasurer. L. J. Reubold. 315
Ktarny St. OTTO EREMER, Secretary.
fcAN FKANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
Sing ¦octetr," Sth floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 70S Market St.. opposite Third —
F<-r. the half year ending 31st of December,
1303, a dividend has been declared at the
»ate t«r annum of <12) twelve per cent en
capital stock end participatfng certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY, January 2, ISK>4. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice — Office of Sierra Railway
• Company of California, room 223 Crocker
building. San Francisco. Cal., April 1, IJ»04.
Coupon No. 14, due April 12, 1904, from first
mortgage 6 per c*nt bonds of Sierra Railway
Company of California will be paid at th»
fiscal agency of this company, the Crocker-
Wnolwnith National Bank, on and after that
date. P. D. FRESHMAN, Treasurer.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE GIANT POWDER
COMPANY. Con.— A dividend. No. 64. of fifty
i.-ents «50e) per share un th« issued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company, rooms 202.
204 and 206 Hayward bui'.ding. San Francisco.
ra April 11. 1804. Transfer books close April
4. 1804. at noon. C. C. QUINN. Secretary.
PROPOSAL'S.
PROPOSALS fcr Quartermaster's supplies —
Office Depot Quartermaster. San Francisco,
Cal.. 36 New Montgomery St., March 24.
'.'.'¦¦4. — Sealed proposals. In triplicate, subject
to usual conditions, will be received here un-
til 10 o'clock a. n... Friday.April S, 1904, and
thei; opened for delivery at San Francisco,
Cal.. oi hardware, rubber hose, paint, rope,
•tc. United States reserves right to accept
or reject any or all bids, or any part thereof.
Information and blank proposals will be
rurnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals to b* marked "Proposal
No. 22K3," and addressed to MAJOR C A.
DEVOL. Quartermaster. U. S. A., Depot
Quartermaster.
UNITED STATES Engineer Office. Flood
Building. San Francisco, cal.. April 6. 1904. —
Seated Er 0 ! 10 * 8 ]* will be received here until
12. noon. May 7. 1SH>4. for dredging In Peta-
luma Creek and Napa River. California. In-
formation on application. W. H. HEUR,
Lieutenant Colonel. Engineers.
MABBIAGB LICENSES.
Marriage licenses were issued yesterday as
f<illo«s:
rore)»t P. Burofieid. S2. city, and Fearle
Churchill, 2S. College Grove. Ore.
Oennis V. Ryrn*s. 22, 24 Itausch street, and
Lrna C. Mn<-k»l. 19. 311'j Langton street.
Henry Stersni, 21». 329 Sixth street, and
Giula Giuc!l«:rl, 3.'!. 4 Po«t-stre t court.
Wlllisrr. Henderson, -f. «<*» Minna .street,
tiKt I.txzic R. Urquhart. 27. t>05 Hyde etreet.
William OIpoti, "7. South Fan Francisco. San
Mateo County, and Mamie Naughlon, 29, South
San Francisco, San Mateo County.
Wallace Van Djrfce, 35. Haywards. and
Emily M.-Olney. 30. Oakland.
Krnest A. Stent. "I, Cosmos Club, and
Frances L. Harris. IK. KJ5 California street.
'¦'rancis G. Sherb-jme, 32, Seattle, Wash.,
ar.d Martha li. A. Beott, 23. city.
D*vtd W. Crouln. 21. city, and Mary F.
Bnjwn. 1S. city.
Gilbert M. Alien. 90. Fort Wright. Wash.,
and Ethel L. Kent. 19. ."212.WaFlilr.gton street.
«"Iiarl«-* V. BaVico^k. 29, 2*CX 1j.euii.-i street,
«n<1 Ivah P. Bfnr"»tt. 20. 2N0S I^-jgana street.
Paniel Fox. .SO. 41 Perry street, and Mar-
garet Brady. IS 14 Austin avenue.
Johan I. Maatta. 2«. 2W Clara street, and
Jenny Kanntanen, 2}. 4129 Twenty. third.
Sal vat or* Racona. 2^. W Lafayette place.
and Ma-lalcna ttatt-asrlia, 19, m Lafayette
p!»<*.
Henry E. Parmenter, 42. Newport R. I.,
«n<1 HeJin F. Bardrtt. 28, Roxbury, Mass.
Horace K. R'-ed. 21, city, and I>iith L.
UltlMM, 23. city.
Sherwood Culver. CO. M9 Montgomery street,
r.nd Annie Ij?rk. 39. 2C>> Shipley street.
ll'nry Murphy. SJ, ::52I Twenty-Fecond
fctrrru end Jes*ie Ni<-hr>!a<*n, is. r>27 Hill street.
• Junnar Fly.nm. 24. 217H Collingwoou' etrret.
:ui«l Olfr.e Hoye. S3, 217U Collingwood street.
Frank Ser-ifh. B, 12^ O'Farrell strtTt. and
Ida S herinesscr. 19. >,» Cumberland »=trect.
Jiniw F. S'uitevant, 24, 14."E: Taylor street,
Kn<J E\elyn 1'acr. Si. S<f»l Powell str^t.
ElRm-MAERMES-DEATfiT
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
trail will not be inserter. They must be handed
m at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of* per-
sons authorized to have the same published
Notices restricted dimply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
fre« of charge.
' BORN'.
BUSCH— In this city. March 29, 1904, to the
wife of Peter J" Busch, a son.
KOENEMANN— In this city, April S, 1904, to
the wife of John Koenemann. a iron.
MORRIS— In this city, March 3j) 1904, to the
wife of I. F. Morris, a daug'it^p.
TOBRINER— In this city. April 2. 1804, to the
wife <1 Dr. Oscar Tobriner, a MB.
MARRIED. ~ "~
GOEBEL— WAGNER— In this city. April 3.
1MIM. by the Rev. Herman Gehrcke. Georgei
A. Coebel and Frieda Wagner, both of this
HF.NnEESON— URQUHART— In this citv
April fi. J9C*. by the Hrv. T. M. Boyd Wil-
liam Henderson and Lizzie Roes Urquhart
STHIBOLT— SWANBERG— In thia citr Anrli
5 19O4. by the Rev. Dr. K. NelandeV^ ptsToJ
of the Flr*t English Lutheran Church De
\aldemar Striholt of Copenhagen. Denmark!
«n<i Linda I. J. Swanberg of tWs city
I DIED. ~~
Barr. Sister Mary M. Kelly. Muriel C
Beatty. James A. Klotr. Jacob
nornedo. Estevan C. Lord Anna
Clark. Robert Martin Keth
Clement. Rene C. Nelson Charles
<>)Iton. Zelatus O'Callaghan. Man-
Davis. M. J. , O'Dowd. Maurice P
Darts. .Snmu<- 1 TaUett. George P *
Downs. Michael Pierucclnl, Marguer-
Kd wards. John tie «"^K"er
f ¦ it- 1. Mrs. Ttna J'.^.-d, Adaline N
«Jngj<b>. Ileane C. Rosenberg. Mrs A
Hltirlchs. William F. Sullivan. Bartlett B
Hughes. Peter J. Williams Philip A."
Humphrey, Robert Winks. Joshua T
Uunt, John Younger. Catherine
ARR— In this city. April 5, 1904, Sister Mary
Bertrand Barr <Sh>ler of Merry), daughter
of Mrs. B. Ran- and the late Neil D. Barr.
a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 48 years
1 month and 13 day*.
t^A requiem mac* will be celebrated for
avenue, thence to St. Francis Church, where
Bprviees will be held, commencing at V
o'clock. Interment Sacramento.-
SEED— la Berkeley. April 8. 180*.. at 2533
Durant avenue, Adallne Norton, beloved
wlfa ot Samuel O. Worcester Reed, and
mother of Zda M. Retd of Berkeley and
Charles K. Reed of Worcester, Maeo, a na-
tlv« of MachitLs, Me., tffed 73 years.
ROSENBEHO — In Oakland.'. Cal., AprU 6, 19M,
Mrs. Augusta Rosenberg, beloved ' wife' of
M. Rosenberg, and mother of Mrs. H. Cohen,
Mra. A. B. Trimble. Mm. B. Jacobs - and
Samuel C. and Rudolph Rosenberg, a native
of Germany, aged Cti years 11, months and
7 days. (New York paper* ¦ please copy.)
(T7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
k at 812# Twentieth street, to-day (Thursday),
at 11 o'clock. Interment ' Salem Cemetery,
San Francisco.
BULLTVAN— In this city. April 6. 1904. Bart-
lett Barry Sullivan, a native of Mississippi,
aged SO years 1 month and 22 days.
WILLIAMS — In New York City, March SO.
J904, Philip Alston, beloved son of Therese
A. and the late Henry Williams, and
brother of H. A. Williams, aged 31 years
10 months and 20 days.
ICSTMends are reeoectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day. ¦ April 7,
at 1:30 o'clock, at St. Luke's Church,- corner
Clay street and Van Ne*s avenue. Intnrment
private. Please omit flowers.
WINKS— In this city. April 5, 1004. Joshua
Thomas, beloved husband or Mary Winks,
and father of B. W. and J. O. Winks and
Mrs. R. French, a native of Maryland, aged
C5 years 11 months and 18 days. .
ttryFrlcnd* and acquaintances- are respect-
fully invited to atte-nil the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2045 Ellis street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
YOUNGER— In Oakland. Awil fi. 190-1. Cath-
erine J. Younger, beloved mother of Louis
E., Emma K.. Alfred K.. May L. and >VII-
Itam E. Younger and Mra. E. S. Thomson. "
a native of Norway, aged 7." years.- -
tht repose of her soul Thursday, April 7, at
\ 9 o'clock a. m.. at the chapel of th« Pae-
eion. First street, between Bryant and Har-
rison. Interment private. Holy Croes Ome-
tery-
BEATTT— In this city. April B. 1P04, James
A., dearly beloved son of Annla and tht UU
James Beatty, and beloved brother of Wil-
liam T. Beatty. Mrs. M. Bond anfl Mra. A.
aayburg, a native of San Francisco.
CTThe funeral will take place to-tfay
{Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother. Mrs, A- Beatty, 1029
Tenth avenue. South San Francleoo. Inter-
ment private.
BERNEDO— In this city, April 5, 1904.
K*tBvnn Cerrtro Bernedo, beloved husband
of Rosalia O. Bernedo. and father of Clara
Bernedo, a native of Italy, aged 68 years
10 months and 22 days.
|C7-Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
« Thursday), at 3 o'clock, from th« chapel
©f Mount Olivet Cemetery, under the aueploes
of Hayward Lodge No. 220, F.and A. M.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. Remains
at the parlors of Halsted &. Co., 016 Mission
street. \
CLARK— In thte city, April 6. lPOt Robert,
beloved husband of the late Emily Clark, afid
father of Mrs. Henry Naholehea and Alice.
Marion. Elizabeth. Alfred and Robert Clark,
a native or London, England, aged 76 years
and S months.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral sarvlcea
Friday. April S, at 2 ACclock, at his late
residence, .174,4 Seventeenth street, between
Kanchez and Church, thence by electric
funeral car from corner Eighteenth and
Guerrero etreets at 2:30 o'clock. Interment
Cypref* Unn Cemetery.
CLEMENT— In this city, 'April 4. 1904. Ren«
C. Clement, a native of London. England,
aged 23 years. (New York and London pa-
. pers please copy.)
C7Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bera of the Theatrical Mechanical' Associa-
tion are respectfully invited to attend the
funeral to-day (Thursday), at 9 o'clock
from the funeral parlors- of MoGinn Bros.,
224-22« McAllister street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric car leav-
ing Eighteenth and Gaerrero streets.
COLTON— In this city. April 6. 1904. Zelatus.
beloved husband of Anna L. Colton and
father of Mrs. H. C. Frater and Leila Col-
ton. a native of New York, aged S5 years.
DAVIS— In Portland. Ore.. M. J. Davis, be-
loved son of Mrs. Caroline Davis Kuzel,
brother of Mrs. Charles Goldberg, and
nephew of Charles M. Leavy, a native ot
Newark N. J.. aged 42 years.
DAVIS— In this city. April T>, 1904, Samuel
Davis, a native of New York, aged 78 yaar*.
Cy Sen-Ices to-day, April 7. at 10:15
o'clock, at the chapel of N. Gray & CO.. 053
Sutter street. Interment private.
DOWNS— In this city. April 5. 1904, Michael,
beloved brother of James Downs, and uncle
ft -Mrs. Oeorge Dolan and Mary Bernice
Dowrs. a natlv« of Ireland, aged 74 years
4 months and 3 days.
ITyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
April 9. at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 1S35 Hyde street, thence to St. Brig-
id's Chunh. where a «>lemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
roul. commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
EDWARDS— In this city. April 6. 1904, at
his residence. 7 Vandewater street. John Ed-
wards, doarly beloxed husband of Emma
Edwan*s. a native of Manchester. England.
FOGEL— In this city. April 4, 1$*H. Mrs. Tina
Fcgel. beloved wife of the late Benjamin Fo-
gel. and beloved mother of Max, Jacob,
Llllie. May. Michael and William Fogel.
Mrs. M. McCann/ and the late Morris Fogel.
and beloved sister of Aaron. Harris and
ls»idor Salomon, a native of Breslau, Ger-
many, aged C3 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 12:^0 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her son, Jacob Fogel. 72 Germania
street. Interment Salem Cemetery-, by train
leaving at 1:30 o'clock from Twenty-fifth
and Valencia Etreets.
GRIGS BY— In this city. April 6 1904. Ileane
Catherine, dearly beloved and 'only child of
Harry L. and Grace Grigsby. a native of
San Francisco, aged 1 year 5 months and 16
days. j .
HINRICHS— In this city. April 6. 1904. Wil-
liam F.. dearly beloved husband of Minnie
Hinrichs. son of Peter and Margarethe Hln-
riohi--. and brother or Peter. Henry. Fred
and John Hinrichs and Mrs. Anna kuhlke.
a native of Na]>a. Cal.. aged 3U years 6
months and 2 days.
HI GHES— In this city, April 5. 1KH, Peter J..
dearly beloved son of Edward and Alice
Hughes, and loving brother of Philip, John.
Edward, Alice nnd Tessie Hughes, a native
of San Francisco, aged 25 years 8 months
and •'> days, a member of Millmen's Union
No. 423.
E7"Frierids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
( Friday ». at S:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 142 Silver street, thence to ¦
St Rose's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the. repose of
his «oul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HCMPHREY— In this city. April 6, 1904,
Robert Humphrey.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday. April 9. at 10 o'clock, at Charles
J. B. Mctzler's undertaking parlor, 6S6
Washington etreet, thfnce to National Cem-
etery.
HUNT— In this city. April 4, 1904, John Hunt,
husband of Mary Hunt, and father of
Thomas. John and Frank Hunt, Mrs. L. S.
Wiggins and Mrs. J. Ballette, a native of
Ireland, aged iA years.
ICTKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day i
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the par- i
lors« of McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 '
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services
at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme- !
tcry.
KELLY— In this city, April 6, 1904. Muriel
Cathi-rine. dearly beloved daughter of Fran- j
• «-is J. and Mirnie A. Kelly, and beloved :
sister of B< madette and the late William
Francis Kelly, a native of San Francisco,
ag"d 1 year and 8 months.
CyThe funeral will take place to-day
<Th'jreiar>. at 12 o'clock, from the resi-
donr-e of thf. parents. 530 Harrison street. :
Interment Holy . Cross Cemetery, by 1:30
o'clock train from Third and Townscnd
streets. Please omit flowers.
KLOTZ — In this dry. April 5. 1R04. Jacob
Klotz. dearly beloved husband of Mary
Klotz. and devoted brother of Fritz and I>eo
Klotz. Mrs. C Tecklenburg, Mrs. S. Bauer,
Mrs. M. First and Mrs. M. Tobbenboskl. a
Dative <if Germany, aged BO years.
(TT'Friej^a and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Incited to attend the runeral services
Friday. April S, at 10 o'clock, at her late
residpn^e. 9J3 Ila ilroa<l avenue South, l»e-
tjneea Eleventh .and Twelfth avenues South. I
Interment Cypress Lann Crmctcry.
LORD— In this ctty. AprU 5. 1904, Anna Lord. :
wife of the late Elijah Lord, and beloved
aunt of Jsmes M. - Wlilpple. a native of Su
John. New Brunswick, aged SO years. (St.
John. N. B., r*pcrs please, copy") «
itTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the' funeral to-dax
• Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence'
of her nephew, James M. Whipple, 748 Cas-
tro street. near Twenty-first. Cremation
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MARTIN— In this city, April 6. 19CH, S»th
Martin, husband of Ellen M. Martin, father
of Mrs. E'lgar C. Fowler and Harry S. Mar-
tin, and brother of the late Dr. Noble Mar-
tin, a native, of Chautauqua County. N. Y..
asred 0»J yars 9 months and 13 days. (Ne-
vada, Placer and Buttc County papers please
ropy.)
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Frl<iay. April S. at 10 o'clock, at the chapel
of Crais. Cochran & Co.. 429 Golden Gate
avenue. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. Oakland. '
NELSON— In this city. April 6. 1904. Charle*.
beloved brother of Fred and Emll Nelson of
San Francisco and Mrs. Augusta Wolleson
«>f Seattit, Wash., a native oi' Sweden, aged
4U years. • .
O'CALLAGHAN— In this city. April 5 1904
Mary, beloved wife of William O'Callaghan.
and loving mother of Norah. Cornelius,
Willie, Charles. Julia and Mary O'Callaghan
and t.lst«-r of Mrs. Florence O'*SulHvan. Mra!
Frank Thornton and Mrs. D. Murnhy a
native of the parish of Kiskeam. County
Cork. Ireland, aged ."0 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at a o'clock, from her late, resi-
dence. 22 Fourteenth street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a re-
quiem hish mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Intcrrrent Holy Cross. Cemeterj.
O'DOWD— In this city. April 5. 1904, Maurice
Patrick. beloved ton of Patrick C. and
Harah O'Dowd, a native of San Francisco
cged 2 years 0 months and 17 days. "
CTFriends and acquaintances are' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 304 Fell street. Inter-
ment Holy Crowi Cemetery.
PALLETT— In this city. 5. 1904. George
Ptrclval Pallett. beloved eon of th« late
George J. Pnllett of London, and brother of
Fred J. Pallett. a native of England, aged
35 years 7 months and 8 days. (London and
Chicago pai«ers please copy.)
C7Friends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of the II. F. Maass Company; , ai 7 Mission
street. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
PIERUCCINI— In this city, April 5. 1904 Mar
guerete. dearly beloved wife of J. b Pieruc
clni. lovln» mother of Edelbert arid AdrU
Pieruccml. dauchter of James Finn and
elster of Mrs. Annie Herrera,' Edward J
Finn and Mrs. William Hurat of Los An-
geles, a native of San Francisco, aged 30
years 4 months and 12 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
* fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday '
April S. at 8:30 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of J. S. . Gode.au. : 305 Montgomery
F. J. Monahan. Manager. . Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
.- 2339-2341 Miasion Ft., near : Nineteenth.
. ..San Francisco.^;;;*:- i'^i-;-.^,¦ For the general run of fine creamery Butter
19c was the ruling quotation yesterday, and
anything over this figure was extreme and ex
ceptional... There were: a. few sales at 20c,
but hardly sufficient to warrant this figure s.s
a quotation. ' Stocks were large and the de
mand was slow.
There was no -change in Cheese.,
..-Eggs remained. about as before , quoted, with
the exception : that store Eggs J were .weak,
some selling down to -lttc.''- Dealers reported the
demand light and the feeling easy.
Receipts ; were 52.800 lbs Buttter. 1555 cases
Eggs i and i 38.8CO lbs Cheese. -
BUTTER— Creamery at first = hands, 19c for
extras and 18c for firsts; dairy. 15©l«c; store
Butter nominal; cold storage, nominal. ¦ ¦
CHEESE— s'4©0c for good to choice . new
and 7»Sc for lower grades; Young Americas,
9*5®lCc;" Eastern. -J.5618c; Western, -14@13c
per lb. .-.;. - . . ¦ ;
;.- EGGS — Ranch, • 1S<5 19c -, for fair to choice;
store. in@17*4c per dozen.
Buttcrj Cheese and Eggs.
Another Day of Fair Trading in
¦ Local Securities. V
- Trading waa wry fair on the .Stock and
Bond , Exchange, though ; variations were ¦ not
pronounced. Gaa and Electric was easy again
at $50 25659." and there was a sale of Pacific
Lighting at »56 5O. Pacinc Borax sold at »170.
There-was no particular change 'In the oil and
mining. stbcks._ - though . the latter; were weak
as a rule.- ¦"'-"';¦ - - -\ '-*,-'¦ ¦ -'¦.-" *
-- Ex-dlvldend yesterday;. The. Ophlr Mining
Company. £ 25 „ cents *" per. ¦ share, amounting ' to
J25,2tX>; Imperial Oil Company, . refular month-
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. -
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:'
Morntcg Session.
20O \lta OSl 10O Ophlr ....... .8 •>
MX> Challenge Con r»| 500 Potos! 2a
200 Challenge Con 27j 700 Savage ao
300 Con C &¦ Va.t 83! 300 Scorpion ....: -13
500 Exchequer .. 20,400 Sliver Hill .. 53
- 10O Gould A Cur. 421 100 Union, Con . . 5«
10O Mexican 2 43t SOO.Utah*' 1.
¦¦600 Mexican 2 4OJ COO Yellow Jacket ¦ J2
Afternoon Sesston.
300 Alta •- CST 600 Overman 2<3
500 Belcher "™i 30O Potosl v I«
400 Caledonia- ...1 10J 300 Potosl u
100 Challenge Con 25| ICO Potosl re
300 Challenge Con 24J 200 Savage 4«
40O Con C & Va. 1.751 ICO Scorpion 15
2«o Crown. Point. 171 2OO Seg Belcher .. 14
20O Gould A Cur. 40! 2CO Sierra Ner ...lO
500 Julia . "... 031 200 Union Con .. !TC
ICO Mexican .....2 301 500 Utah V ... -It*
200 Ophlr' .......5 50}
* PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following wer« ' the sales on the Pacific
«ock Exchange yesterday: . #
Morning Session.
ICO Andes ....... 43J 100 Ophir 5 62*5
200 Andes - 30! 20O Savage .51
200 Bullion ..r--- Wj 700 Scorpion ifl
100 Caledonia .1 12H! 300 Seg Belcher .. 14
500 ConC & Va.l 801 100 Sierra Nev ..73
1500 Con Imperial. 02| 500 Sierra Nev .-74,
neo Exchequer -. 1«; 200 Sierra Nev .. ,73
1C1OO Julia ........ 03t 20O Sierra Nev .. 71
750 Justice .:.... 03 TM Silver -Hill -.: ,-Sa
J25O Justice ...... n Ogf ICO Utah ...:.... U
200 * tX *" aI1 Afternoon Se»slon. .
100 Andes ...... J- 361 .W Mexican * .... .2 33
3CO Belcher ...... 2lj if(n> Mtxlcan .....2 3C
1M» Caledonia . . .1 10J \m Ophlr .. . .T.« 37«j
; v» Cal«donl« .1 07H 2OO Pttost ........ 2?
IOC Coo C *; V«a 80{ 500 Scorpton \t
Mining Stocks.
NEW YORK, April <$.— FLOUR— RecelDts
41.300 barrels: exports, 13.500 barrels" mark -i
featureless, with little business reported
i WHEAT— Receipt*, 23.000 bushels: exports
2000 bushels; Fpot market steady: No 5 M
$1 04 elevator and «1 05©l CS f. o b" afloat-
No. 1 Northern Duluth. fl 04 f. o. b". afloat
: Options displayed c«nelderable heavlne«« at
first on weak cables. Covering after niiddav
caused a cent rise and the closing was active
above last nliht *A.c. May, 94»igt>«c closed
96c; July. 90»;,©91%c. closed 91T,c; September
closed sic.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES — Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
COFFEE— Spct. steady; No. 7 invoice 6T' C .
mild, eteady; Cordova. 10^ 13c. The marketfor
coffee futures closed at a net advance of 10
points. Tota? sales, 55.75O bass, Including:
May. 5..5!93.S»k:: July. «.05e«.10c: September
6.30i&fl.40c, and December af «.«0®6.75c.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; refined, firm.
1 - DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market is
steady. with holders showing confidence
though demand Is generally > light. Common I
are quoted at 565Hc: prime, 5He5»ie
choice. 0K$r6Vic; fancy. -7^7*^.
PRUN*J£— Continue quiet, rather easier, and
prices ranse from 3*,c to 6 He, according to
grade.
APRICOTS— Are still practically nominal In
the absence of - off erings. Choice are quottd
at 9*i©l-0c; extra choice. 10'Sc. and fancy at
ll£13c. ' ¦ . . -
PEACHES — Are quiet but steady. Choice are
held at 7>4©7*4e; extra choice, 7«4©Sc- fancy
flHeiOc.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Anril «.— The <?otton market
opened at a decline of 2S10 points, and c!cs»d
at a net advance of s@17 points.
New} York Cotton Market.
The Poultry market was slenderly supplied,
as there was no Western stock offering, and
the receipts from domestic points were light.
Thrre was -continued, firmness In good ¦¦ large
stock snd prices for such offerings were steady.
Small Broilers continued to dras at easy rates
and Squab Pigeons were quoted lower.
Trading in Game was quiet.- Receipts, while
light, were well up to requirements and prices
wcro without quotable .change. --
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 16@18c per lb;
Geese, per ' pair. $2&2 5O; Goslings, 50;
Ducks. $5 50@« 50 per. dozen for old and $6 500
7 50 for young; Hens.' f7igS for, large" and
f5 ."CftO for fmall; young - Roosters, $7 50@
« 50; old Roosters. $5G«: Fryers. $(5(g6 50;
Broilers, $4 50®5 for large and $2g:{ for
small; Pigeons. |1 25@1 50 per dozen for old
and I'- 25ft2 50 for Squabs. ¦','•'-
GAME — Gray Geese, $2 50-g3 ¦ per dozen;
White Geese.- 75ci?i$l 50; Brant. fl€l 50; Hon
kers f4@5: English Snipe, $3(g:i 50: csmmon
Snipe, fl 50^2; Rabbits. $1 50 for Cottontails
and $1©1 25 for Brush; Hare. $1.
Poultry and Game.
I Silver, d«dined %c; Exchange rates re
; mained' unchanged.
! The' Korea brought up' from Japan about
. S.C0O,000--gold yen, an unusually large" shlp
' ment. '
¦ Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — *4S5>i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S3'
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight ...... — 124
New York Exchange, telegraphic. : — 15'
Silver per ouuee — 54%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The markets continue quiet and
featureless all over the world. Chicago de
clined yesterday at the- opening, but. subse
quently recovered. There . were general and
I heavy rains over Oklahoma and Western Kan
j sas. the very region where If has been most
needed, and the drought is now reported broken :
In all sections. . .-..'," • ,
This market was dull, with futures higher
and the cash grain weak.
CASH WHEAT. ¦
California Club. *1 37*4©1 45: California
White Australian. *1 5&gl BO; Northern Club.
fl 3501 42*i: Northern Bluestem. fl so©i 53
per ctl. . •¦¦-•¦'¦>¦- '».-->. ¦ .... i<
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. ;?-.
Open. High. Low. Close
May ........«l 34 $1 34»i $1 34 $ t 341;
December ... 1 31 1 32«i 1 31 S . 1'32»J,
'. 1 p. ro. Sesaltn. •
May— $1 34^ bid.
December— fl 32 *i bid. f 1 32 *A asked. .
BARLEY— There was no, further change in
the -situation* yesterday. A brokerage house
sold about 33C0 sacks. of Feed oft the table in
several lots at the quotations below. | Futures
were somewhat hlsher,- but trading was dull. '
" The steamer Missouri took out for Japan 2S59
tons, valufcd at f 64.400.. -¦
CASH BARLEY.
- Feed $1 10®; 12H:-' Shipping and brewing
$1 17*^@1 20: Chevalier. *l 15@1 20 for i fair
to choice. -; FUTURES ; : . V
'Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
December —^ )c -'i4|fJsji'5™9BP*9wS3§
' ¦'- . 2 p. -m. Session.
May— »l 09*4 ask»d.
. 'Dec*mter— r©ttjjc:bid.* 03%c asked. -, \.— r.
¦': • (#\TS — The leading housts In the trade agreed "
Exchange and Bullion.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. April 6.— WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 74c; Bluestem, SOc; Valley, M)c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 6J— WHEAT— BlueMem, S3c;
Club, 75c.
• Northern Business.
SEATTLE. April 6.— Clearings, $€52,se5fc
balances. $179;S37.
TACOMA. April 0.— Clearing*. $304, 064; bal
ances. J24.7SI). ' .
PORTLAND, April 6. — Clearings, f$3S.5S2;
balance?,- $159,3T!8. . ¦¦ '
SPOKANE, April 6.— Clearings, $4S5,080;
balances, $71,156.
*_ : ».
LOCAL MAEKETS.
Goeslp from Wall street tpnr the wire to
Mitcf.elJ, Muicahy *: Co. yester-'ay said:
•"TTCe market is generally h:gh*r. It is not a
fest market, and some Wall-street houses are .
a little skepUcal becaure the pOtUs is r.ot J
roraJn* in in drove* to buy stocks. We can
**». however, a grow lr.g outside interest. Sum*
little coli has t««vr. taker, for cxrert, but ac
«->r>11ng \n th» n*1«-w of New York bur.kers, even
\'. this ran up to f 5.000.000 or $10.t^»0.O0O in the
n»xt r»w v. «.k., it wcuM n<rt b»cntn« a press- ,
:-.ir factor or iff", the money market rr bank
ing situation. In any event the tone of the
murker is «trong and there Is the same upward I
creeping tendency that has prevailed for some j
time cast. We ran tee very litt'e ourselves
'¦) make holders <>f gwd stock? want to part
with them. With 5 per cnt stocks and 2 per
r»st money there would not be much reaction.
The announctnert of $3.0"*>.0n<"> in gold taken
tot Paris by Thursday'* steamer was practically
unr.eticed.
Bank of British Xorth America. !
t At the annual me»tisis of this bank the re-
P r^rt for the half rear ended December ."I.
1903. showed earnings, tnclu-ims £540.'». J
brought forward from last account, amounting
to *".47.K73. out of which a dividend cf 3i>s per j
rhare. fr*e of Income tax. was declared pay- -
abl< Arril 7, being at the rate of •> p^r «tnt
r*r annum; £1<»,<<jO w*f added to the reserve
fur.d mr.i £f"756 vit oarried forward ; £9000;
»«s also ret aside out of the profits cf the
half year to write down the bank's investment
IS Consols to S*.
Sine* the last reprwt branches hsve t*fn
« pened at Estevan and Calgary, Northwest
TIm I till 1— . Helton. Manitoba, and a sub
branch at Lewis. Quebrc.
Appropriation* amounting to £llli were
riad*- from profit and loe* accoont for th*.
benefit of the offirers' widows' and orphans"
fund and the pension fund.
Hongkong and Sftanghai Bank.
Th» rex»ort of the Hor.pkr>ng and Shanghai |
Banking Oorj>orat(c>n- fcrr the six month.* end- ,
int December ",l. BKB. Ftafrs tftat the *°t ]
profits for that period, irclutfirg f3.-t53.CS3. j
balance brought forward frcrn last account, j
after paying all charpei 1 . d-durt!ng Interest
l>aid and due and making provision fr»r baJ
and doubtful accounts, amount to $3. ..1>S3.
The directors, recommend the transfer of $500.- j
<M) from the rroflt and lot* account to credit
of the silver reserve fund, which fund wul
then rtar.d at "*(>.iOO.O00. After making this
transfer and deducting remuneration to d!rec
t.?rs. there remainis for appropriation $3.2Ti6. -
KV5. out of which th* directors recommend
the pa>"ment of a dividend of £\ :«* rterling
per share, which at 4« 6<1 will absorb J"....:-^:
>nd a tnonus of lfts fterling per than", which at
Vi { 6d will absorb $177,777. The <!: Terence in j
W'crhange between 4s f JJ. ine rate at which the
fjtvrierj'i and bonus are declared, and Is S T 4d.
th* r»fe of the day. amounts to fl.J2S.4GS. The
balance, $1.417. S66, to be carried to new profit
ad l<^»s account.
Flour Exports in March.
The exports cf Flciir from San Franc!*eo by
r*a la March were as follows:
To — Barrels. Values
rhina 3O.5X* firr.«C4
Japan 1.32rt 5.606
•*Us:la 1,005 4,524
Mexico 214 t»>7
Central America 15.213 63.6*3
Panama l.OOO 4.002
Colombia 14* 706
Ecuador Stt . 2.795
>IawaSlan Islands €.225 2».899
Tahiti 1.249 5.421 '
•--¦-rtr. Islands 7« S4» j
Totals 57.574 $245,7:«6
In March. 1903. the exports were 73.395 bar- |
rels. valued at J »'¦-. "¦<'• In that month 49.618
fbarrela, vaJued at S214.*C7. went to China, and
*S13 barrels, valued at $21,500. were shipped to
Australia.
v —^— — — —
The Lumber Trade.
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron fcr April says:
? "The month of Mtrrh has not been a very
kappy one for the lumber manufacturers and
dealers. There has br-en plenty of lumber, but
• scarcity of demand.
"In the redwood market raore or lew
•trength has been developed during the past
thirty -one days, but this is being dissipated
and pr.i'K are beginning to be cat. although
not eo heavily as one might suspect. Tn«
<*-a>r« are all swearing that they are not cut
ting, but customers cannot keep their mouths
• .¦!•>£ apd the price cutters' rivals are "get
tin* next.* Overproduction is causing the
•fteakeninir of the market. whil« the expert
tfemand has become almost nil. with Eastern
rails few and far between. Fp»»Wng of eJt
f ort conditions In the redwood trade, it seem
ed very . peculiar to find but one vessel loading
• t Eureka for foreign parts. This condition
«!lSTlays the penfral lassitude of the export
end Eastern demands. Redwood has grrat
room for Improvement all along the l!ne.
"In the pine and fir circles the bottom
f-fRis to have fallen out of the general mar
ket Prices are wide open, with overproduc
tion car famine and railroad blockades as the
reason for this drop in schedule quotations.
Thp steam schooner trouble has kept away
from this market several million feet and
thlF perhaps has aided in maintaining a false
stabllty. .••»••¦». «
•¦fc'hiiurle*. both redwood and cedar, are com
paratively Quiet, for the spring demand Is
rot yet under way. The long continued rain
epoch of the last «Ux week* has delayed the
'annual spring opening' of the shingle trade;
hut when th* farmer s*r* that hi» crops are
assured, then will come the demand for shln
k Kles from the entire Western and Middle W'est
iL.»rn dtstrictB. Good times seem to be before
the farmer and in this rects the salvation of
the industrial condition* of thl* country. E>. '
p»cially i« this eo of the lumber trade circle* j
cf thi* coast.** HSCwl
Weather Report.
O20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
t-AM FRANCISCO. April «. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls ta ¦
date as compared with th<j»e of vame date !*«-"'
*eajoa and rainfall In U*t twenty- four houi>:
l.a?t Thi« Last
stations — 24 hours. Kr-aoon. Season.
Kureka 0.02 .Vi.lS 49 23
IVd Bluff <t.Of» 27.45 22 77
Facramento «.<irt 15.M 1«!41
t-&n Francisco o.On 19.03 i» 11 J
Fresno O.OO c.tA ' |i'l3
Independent-* «>.<*) i.ti 2 15 ;
».»n Luis ObUpo «.«i 13. k» 17*28 '
Ixw Ar.t'lrt O.m) 7.73 3«'«s i
Fan Diero - O.W 4.0a io!ft8
THE COAST RECORD.
I If ||3i; s| I i
eTATiONa I J| p |g |- 5
F-Ui«4 J0.32 42 3O NW CJe«r 04 '
«~ar»oo 30.04. «2 40 U' CJeaT 00 1 <
tureka ..2ti.2S t& 48 N «'lear c* I
?"reano 30. (tt 74 48 Si Clear .00
Northern Wheat Market.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. AdHI 0.— Wool — Steady. Medium
combing ind clothing, lSifjiSIc; light fine. 15^
17 '4c; heavy fine, 12#14 I r5c; tub washed.
2UC31C.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— v, •/-;. May. July.
Opening* 6 7 8"
Closing oe*; 0 6*;
, PARIS.
Wheat — March. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 21 9<> 20 70
Closing 21 l»o 20 70
Flour — • ¦¦:;- •;> -"•.
Opening 2S 95 2S 00
Closing • 29 U5 2s OS
00
Foreign Futures.
NEW YORK, Arril «.— There was breadth
anJ variety again in th« stuck market to-day.
ani come ovidenco of growing outbid* Interest.
f Th» largest part of the trading, however, was
•till in the hands c.f professional operatcrs. and
the early- activity was not well maintained.
i The Utter .part of the day showed siens of
S lassitude in the movement- Large attention
I was given to tho quarterly report of the United
r States Steel CcrDoration. and the opinions
I held on the showing played an important part
I In the whole market. The wide openlftK in
J I'nited States stt-el preferred on the Rale cf
5 j 8»W0 ehare« at 5'J-? 4 and «H 4 , an extreme ad
) 1 vance of l^i. was evidence that a consider-
I 1 able short interest was disagreeably surprised
t J by the character of the showing. The net
- i earnings for the quarter were in excess of most
5 of the previous estimates, and much was
. raa-Je cf tb* prcjre£s:ve improvement shown
q in the earnings from month to month, and also
] to the growth of over !XK»,00O tons in the order
5 books, compared with those reported on Dectm
brr 31. last. In th» day'# consideration of the
report, allowance was made for the normal
influence of the season of the year In some
Improvement in the trade, whether in good
years or poor years. The same normal ten
. dency is looked for to continue the improve.
• ment fcr the coming quarter. The inclination
' wm to draw a cheerful aue-ury from the re
| port- although sr,me misgivings were caused
1 by the reactionary movement In the stock
after the oprnins. Unicn Pacific also con
' tinued to hang back with some eCect upon sm
| timent. A contributory cauw to the reaction
' v.as rbe unexpectedly heavy engagement of
» gold for ex;>ort. The amount was not larger
• thi»n had been looked for at the opening of
• this week, but yesterday's doings in the
1 exchange market seemed to have averted the
• movement. Little importance Is attached fo
I the outward Haw of »old at this time, with
t rrscney on call hard to lend even below 2 per
1 cent, and with the Inflow of Japanese gold at
• San Franr'sco still In progress. The new« of
• the sale of a (14,<XiO,OCO Issue of Chicago. Bur
; lington ar.d putney bonds was a gratifying
1 contrast U> th* recent makeshift note 1ssu.m by
t railroads at high Interest rate*, and was re
t ganled aa significant of an improving demand
for bonds. Realizing made its Impression on
1 the late market, and a renewal of the upward
movement in the United States Steel preferred
. stock cid not prevent a rather Irregular cto»e.
. Bond* were active and firm. Total sales
(par value). $.1,2&0,0C0.
United Statin bonds were uncharged on call.
I NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
I Stocks— Sale*. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 2S.700 73V 73*i 73V
Atehiecn pM 4.4O0 934 92' 931.
1 Baltimore & Ohio.. 9.600 KITi j^j^
1 Bait & Ohio pfd... 20O 90 •»' 60
Canadian Pacific... 5.X0O 11«U 115?4 llfiii
; Cen of New Jersey. 200 159S 159 158
• J Chesapeake & Ohio. 1.200 S3*i 33 JBVi
Chltaso & Alton... S00 38»i 3S 3714
<"hl & Alton pfd £i
¦ ' Chi Great Western. l,7fX» J7*i i«si l«;*
Chicago A N W... .TOO 17IT»*171't 171 (1
I <-hl. Mil & «t Paul, -l.eon l»«il usd ilij
i C. M & BtP pfd.. UK) 175 175 17414
: (Thi Term Sc Trans. 2W> 10 »i: 10
j Chi T & T pfd... 600 214 21 «>CV
j C". C, C & Et Louis. 1.7<*» 76?i 75«i 7«ii
j Colorado Southern. SOO 173i 17 IT i
j Colo South 1st pfd .' 54
t «"olo South 2d pfd. 100 24 14 24*4 "4
Delaware A, Huds<->n 2.000 154 V. 1ST. lvtsi i
Li*!. Lack & West. 2.1«) 274 U 270 -73
ZX*f^i\-fr & Rio G... fiiw 21 »- -iu "aw
Den & Rio G pfd.. .*;(« 70 ' «3*4 701*
Erie £4.600 =7H r«i*
Erie 1st pfd....... 4.900 C5 «4ii m*:
Erie 2d ptd. ....... 200 41H 41 41
Hocking Valley 300 72*4 71 7-.
Hocking Val pfd... 700 SO84 80*tt. MU,
Illinol!« Central .V» 131 130*4 130»t
" Iowa Central 100 l»»i. 19% 19
i Iowa Central pfd 35
1 K C Southern 200 19'4 19 v 13
K C Southern pfd.. 2i*) 36 • S5^ 3.5
I Iyjuis & Nash 3.200 109*i 10S% 108*4
Manhattan L CUV) 142»i 142*i 14*»
Metropotlt-an Sees.. 100 W) so' 79
Metropolitan St Ry. 2,«00 115 113*»£ 114U
Minn A 6t Louis v. 4S
M. FtP A S S M:. 300 C2»i «2*S «J2
M.StP A SS M pfd. 113
Missouri Pacinc.:.. 23,000 fMt; . 83% - •»*;
Mo. Kan & Texas. 500 JS1«, is 1774
M. K & T pfd.... 500 40*i 39% 3914
Ntl Bit Mex pfd 37*i
New Ycrlc Central. 1.400 1174 116T; 11714,
Norfolk A Western. 2.100 59*4 Ws*4 5s"ji
Nor A Vfest pfd SS
K Northern Secur •.... . i«*»i'
I Ontario & Western. 2,500 22 21 % ' "1:4
j Pennsylvania 41.2U0 119«i ll&H llxTj.
P, C, C A St Louis ti f
A'rtc- York Stock Market.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington, $8: Seattle, $0 50: Bryant, $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $6: SUnford. $7; Reslyn. $7; Coos
Bay, :?3 50; Greta, $7; Wallsend, $7; Richmond
$7 50: Cumberland, $13 In bulk* and $14 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,- $14 ¦
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50; Cannei. $8 50 per ton: Coke, $n .V>'al3
per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $11 45 per 200O lbs and $12 SO
per ions ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases.
add 5c; Linseed, 49c per gallon 'for boiled and
47c fcr raw; Castor Oil. in cases). No. 1. 70c:
Bakers* AA. $1.1O*J1 12: Lucol. 43c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. <JO#7oc per gallon;
Ccooanut Oil in barrels, 5Sc for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm.
Oil, S5c; natural winter Sp«nn Oil, 80c; extra
bleached winter Whale OH. 65c; natural Whale
OH. t>Oc: extra winter strained Lard Oil, 75c;
No 1 Lard Oil. 60c; pure Neatsfoot OH, 75e:
No. 1 Nt-atsfoot Oil. C5c: light Herring Oil.
43c- dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon OIL . 39c:
boiled Fish Oil, 40c; raw Fish Oil. 38c; boiled
Paint OH* 35C : raw Faint Oil, 33c.
CO XL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. in bulk,
14e; Pearl Oil. in cases. 2O*4c; Astral, 20Hc;
Star. 2O*4c; Extra Star. 2f.*4c; Elaine. 26*4c;
Eocene. -*3*4c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In
bulk 10c: In cases. 22Hc: Benzine, in bulk.
12c: ' !n cases, ll»*-ic: S6-degree Gasoline in!
bulk. 23c; in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— S4c per gallon In cases and
7Sc in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7©
7*ic r«r lfc; White Lead, 767*4?. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per tb. In 100-lb bags:
I Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.65c;
Powdered, 5.dOc; Candy Granulated, 5.50c;
Dry Granulated. fine. 5.40c; Dry Granu
lated, coarse. 5.40c; Fruit Granulated. 5.40c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), 5.30c;
Confectioners' A, 5.40c; Magnolia A, 5c;
Extra. C, 4.90c; Golden C. 4.S0c: "D,"
4.70c; barrels. 10c more; half barrels, 25c more;
boxes. . 50c more; 50-lb ba«rs. 10c more for all
kinds. Tablets — Half barrels, 5.90c: boxes,
«.l3c: H.'*: E. Crystal Domlnos. 8.40c per lb.
Nc orders taktn for less than seventy-five bar
rels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. APRIL 6.
Flour ,qr ska .. 13.912} Wcoi. bales .....'. 177
Wheat • ctls . . - . 1.7«4!HIdcs. No. 723
Barley' vtis .... 3,937iP.;Its. No KW
Oun.'.-etls 500|l>ather. rolls .. so
Ee^ns -ska .... 444jTal!ow. ctls ... 214
Potatoes, sks .. l,196|?tiKar, $tls ;... 1,500
Onions ska ... 45(W,-ne. - gals . ... 60,023
Bra--, 'sks • ' 2S0!Qii-ck8ilver. flks. 5O
Mtddi?nes. sks.. 4C0|Chu;ory. bbla . . 25
Hay.- tons SeitPnper. reams .. GZ3
S^raw; tens .... . '. 20| , "
OREGON.
Flour.' qr sks . . 7.6C? -j*: Z.\ JSUl 3 \
EASTERN.
Flour, qr sks .. 1.6C0I "IITUTV^-
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5-%e spot and 5 s ic June-
July; San Quentin. $5 40; Wool Bags, 32@35c;
Fleece Twine. 7«gSc.
General Merchandise.
NEW YORK. April C. — Close— Money on call
•was easy at I\fi2 per crnt, closing bid anti
offered it I 1 , i»or cent.
Time loane were easy, with sixty days at
•J '-¦..:; per cent; ninety days. 2\g3 per cent;
eix raor.ths, 3*» per cent.
Prime nicrcintile paper. 4'-'j.^ per c«nt.
Sterling exchange was finii, with actual
business in backers* bilis at $4.K73*;'g4.S74O for
demand .-<nd at $4.8443^4.S4W for sixty-day
Posted rat*?. $4 S5>- and $4 88.
Oimiaerciil hills. $4 W-Q4 84H-
Bar t-ilver. 54 "^c.
Mexican dollars, ¦{•"^c.
Bonds — Governments, gteadj-; railroads, firm.
Xezt- York Money Market.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. A'k.j l - ' Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 07% — SF & NP M-lll^—
B L Wat 63.100 — S P C R 4s. — 160
Cal NW 5s.lO8V4"O!4 S P Co 4Hs. 99 -
M C Wat 6a — 122 Sun Tel :9s.. 113 - —
Ris I WksSs — 107*i Suttr-« R5S.105 113
SF Drdk 6». — U3*4 UK of SF 4s. 77 77%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS,
Ala S Co... 27*4 30 |Ner Nat BlclSS 202*4
Cal Cot Mils 86 — |N 8 R R... , 9*4 — •
C Jockey CL123 140 |N Cal P Co. — 11 *i
Cal Powder. 125 140 |Oak Bk Sa.v.112**
Cal Ship Co. 15 30 lOak T Con. 75 —
Cal T I A T — 135 IOOF* Hall A « —
Cen Bit. Oak 63% — Orpbeum Co. 14 16»i
Chutes Co .. 6*, — |P*c S Tel.. 101 —
City A C Bk — 112 Paraf Paint. 3S — -
East Dynm.150 25O S F Dnrdock 60 —
DpntPwd pfd — 90 SFASJ Coal. 24 • —
Do com ..40 — S J Wat Co. — 100
FN Bk Oak.120 — SO A MTgbt — 16S
Fischer Thtr 1>5 1% Swlss-A Bk.113 —
Frnch-A Bk.105 — |Truck Elect. 10 — •
i Gas Con A.. 19 *£ 21 IXIR InC pfd. 43 —
Lon& SF Bk — 60 | Do com . . t —
i Mat Nar Co. 60 80 |
Afternoon Session.
$6,000 United R. R. of S. F. 4a TT 50
! Calif ornia Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Slock— Bid. ¦*•**?•*
Alma J *5 '
Apollo - ¦ j£ ¦•'.
Associated Trust Certificates 20 .
Azte«- ••-' ."
Caribou 3 CO 3 25
Chicago Crude 20 S
Claremont • 63 ,6»
Experanza 1-3- ....
Four ........... to -
Fulton ...-•• IPO
Giant • 1" ••-•
Hanford ;..170 00 200 OO -
Horn* • 150 ,l*?*~
Imperial 1. «O
Independence 20 21
Kern *9O 5 12*,
Kern River ; 10 OO
Lion V ....
Monarch (of Arizona) ...... 41 43-
Monte Cristo -M .....
OH City Petroleum 41 • .:.t
Peerless 14 OO
Senator --•• - i» ¦ 6«
Sover«lgn :.... '43 ¦ , .... -
Sterling t 40 2 «5
Superior .- 02 ..„
Thirty-three - •••- 8 0$..
Toltec i» : 19 ••*-
Twenty-eight « 5O ....
Fischer's Theater 123 .... —
Northern Cal Power . . 10 62*i ...4
t SALES.
Morning Session. - - '
ICO Caribou Oil 3 OO .
100 Sterling Oil ... 2 5*
i ¦' Afternoon Session."'
100 Caribou Oil 3 25 .. ¦'¦
410 Home Oil/...'..- 1 SO ..
260 Home Oil. b 30 1524.
100 Monarch Oil t 40
Unlisted Securities.
p:ASTEI?X t 3IAI?KETS.
ONIONS— Yellow. $2 75#3 per ctl for fan
cy Oregon and $.1 30^:i 75 .for Australia:. ;
Green Onions. 4(Xg.S0c per box. .
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 7©Sc rer Ib for
extra, ffgHMjC for No. 1 and 4©5c tor No. '2:
Rhubarb, 5uc@Sl per box; Green Peas. 2H@tc
per Ib: String B«uns. 12*i®15e per lb: Toma
toes, $1{*1 30 per box or crate for Los An
geles and $1 50i@2 for Mexican; Summer
Squash from ¦ Los Angeles, — — per box;
Cabbage. $1 10 per ctl ; Carrofs. 5flc per sack ;
Hothouse Cucumbers. $1 5062 per dozen for
large and $161 25 for small; Garlic 15c per
lb; Egg Plant, per lb; Dried ' Pep
pers. fiigSc per Ib for Stockton and 10@12%e
for southern; Dried Okra. 12*£igl5c per lb;
Green Peppers (Mexican), 2fl#25c per lb; Mar
rowiat Sijuasii, lil',c per lb; Hubbard, •'Jic
per lb. \
The Potato market was active and in excel
lent condition for sellers.. Fr*sh arrivals of
table varieties were quickly, snapped up and
the best stock readily Commanded higher prices
Th«re was very little left in first hands at the
close. New Pntaux-s were inclined to easiness,
but as receipts w&re moderate prices ware main
tained. The season for Sweet Potatoes is
closed, the last lot having been sold yesterday
at 4c per pound. The steamer Ventura brought
up C522 crates and 230 sacks of Onions from
Australia and New ZcalaatJ. The in voice had
not been unloaded ur> to a late hour. Receipts
from other sources were llsht and the market
ruled steady at previous- prices. - . -
Receipts of vegetables included 8?1 boxes
of Asparagus, 340 boxes of Rhubarb and 355
sacks of Peas. Asparagus was easier owing to
the lack of demand for shipment and after
some 'arty firmness prices of extra and No. 1
stock dechced. The market, however, was well
Cleaned up at the close. Rhubarb dragged and
most dealers were ottering to sell at cost. The
Growers' Association reduced prices at shipping
points to 50c and 75e per box for standard and
chrdce resi-ectively. Receipts of Peas consisted
chiefly of .poor stock and prices had a wid?r
range. Los Anseles Tomatoes arrived , freely,
but receipts of other vegetables from the same
si-ction were very lljrht. The Panama steamer
brought up 721 boxes of Tomatoes and :j« boxes
of Peppers from Mexico. Mushrooms were of
fering in small quantities and sales were re
ported at *tu&30c l>er pound.
"* POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, $1 23
fel 40 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks, 51 «5
per ctl; River- Reds. $ltil JO per ctl: smalt
Oregon Burbanks tor s*fctl. ?1@1 15 per ctl;
Garnet Chiles. $101 25 per ctl: Early Rose,
$1 .'iSigl 50 rer ctl; ntw Potatoes. 2M.H3c per
pound.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about Hfilc under quotations- Heavy Salted
Steers, 9 ijc; medium. 8*4c; light. 7«4c: Cow
Hides. Sc for heavy and 7>ic for light; Stags,
6c; Salted Kio. »c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hides. 15*gl6c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf, ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25©30c each;
short Wccl. 40Qt5c each; medium. 70(g9Oc: long
Wool. $1iQ1 50; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
Iar^e and $2*/-2 50 for medium. $1 25®1 75 Jar
• small and 50c Jor Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for largi and $1 50 for medium. $1#1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 31c; dry Salted Mexican. 25c: dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
.goras, 75c; large ami smooth. 50c; medium.
«5c; small. 2Cc.
TALLOW— Xo. 1 rendered. 4US4*4c per lb;
No. 2. 3*sS4c: grease, 2*4@3c.
WOOL — Spring clip — San Joaqutn and South
err, 12 months", O^llc; do 7 months'. 8®10c
1 per lb.
HOPS— 24627c per lb for California, 1903,
and 17^4&2Uc-for crop of 1904.
Meat Market.
* No farther change is quoted in either live
or dressed stock.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are a* fallows:
BEEF— 7*s€S*ic for Steers and 7®7*4c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL — Large. S'^fiOc; small, SVi©9*ic per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9*i£10*ic; Ewes.' 9*i@
10c r>er ib. ,
LAMB— 15SICc rer ».
POHK— Dressed Hogs, 6»iS9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Stetrs. Cows and Heifers.
7<j$c; thin Cows, 4g5c per. lb. "
CALVES — Hi»!ic per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4*^fi5*4c; Ewes. 4Ji©4Mc
per lb (gross weight).
LAMB— Spring. 15616c per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs, 5 7 i§6c:
over 2uO lbs. 5*i©5*ic: soft Hogs. 4*i$5*ic;
'Sows. -0 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off,
and StMt», 40 ;«r cent oft from above quota
tions. -"'. ' • V
Hides, 'Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Alt quotations remain unchaneed and the
markets under this head are quiet.
BEANS — l»yos $2 S.V52 50; Pea. $3^1 25;
Butters. (?, CO®:: 75; small White. *2 9C«M 10;
large White. $2 W@2 75; Pink, $3 30^3 50;
Rtd. $1 50; Lima fi 20<S:3 25: Red Kidneys.
$1 50*35; Blackeye $2#2 15 per ctl; Horse
Beans, $2g2 50. .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 75@l; Yellow
Mustard. $::<@:i ,25; Flax $1 8001 00; Canary,
5H«5*4c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14V.©l«c; Kape,
l',i 62c: Timothy 618614c; Hemp, 3*nS4c per
lb: Millet, 3^3*^c; Broom Corn Seed. $2O§21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye $3 per ctl: Niles,
$3 25; Green. $JQ3 23.
Beans andjSeeds.
ISE. FaraIlon.S0.10 53 50 NW Clear .00
Flajrstaff 29. 7S 63 26 PW Clear .00
Pocatello 3^. OS 44 42 NW Pt.Cldy .£2
Independence 29.92 7tj 4S N Ciear 7 jNl
Los An«re!*s..2».K2 SO H S Clear .«"0
Mt Tamalpais.3O.ll S4 47 N ¦ Clear -O<»
North Head... in. <s 4S 42 NW Clear .CO
j Phoenix 20. «J 90 52 SW Clear .CO
(Point Reyes... S0.08 63 40 NW Clear .W)
Portland SO. 49 52 36 N Pt.Cldy .02
Uvd Bluff *».O* 72 50 N Clear ."0
Roerburg 3O.36 M 34 NW Clear .00
F»rra.mvato . .3C».O4 «s S6 NW Clear .00
Pait I-a'ice 3O.f« 4S 42 NW Clear Tr.
Sun Frandsco.30.12 «4 50 \V Cl<-ar .«*
F. L Obispo..30.«iO 74 5* SW Clear .CO
San Diego 29.52 72 r,4 NW Clear .00
'Seattle 30.44 .'.2 36 NW Pt.Cldy .CO
j Spokane 30. 2S RO 34 SW Cloudy .00
Tatoneh 30.44 5» 38 W Cloudy .16
Walla V."a!la. -S0.S2 C2 36 W Pt.Cldy .CO
Wir.nemucca .30.1« 52 40 NW Clear .00
Yuir.a 3A.12 J»4 54 NW Clear ".CO
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
I rorthwestirn portion of the country and has
i 1 tallT rapidly cvrr the valley of the Colorado.
No rain has fallrn on the Pacific Coast ex
cept at the mouth of the Columbia River.
The weather continues warm in Southern
| Calif oral*.
The following maximum wind velocities are
irer«crted:. Eureka. 2$ miles from, the north;
1 Point R^yos lUrht.'3»> northwest: SE. Farallon,
j 3fi northwest: Pocatello. 32 northwest: Salt
Lake. 2t; northwest, and Modena 2S north
j west. . . •
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
I hours fn'llng midnight. April 7:
N.-.rthern California— Fair Thursday; fresh
[ northerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Thurrdav. not so
; warm; light north wind.
Nevada— Fair Thursday: cooler.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thtirsdav:
light north wind, changing to fresh westerly.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
CHICAGO, April'6. — CATTLE — Receipts,
1S.W0 head: market strong; good to prime
steers. $5'25C5 75; poor to medium. $3 tK^a.'i:
stcctteir; and feeder*. $2 60^4 30; cows, $1 55
f?4 23; heifers, $2:54 30; canners, SI 75@2 tiu:
bulls, «2*tl; calves, $3@<i; Texas fed steers,
?4p4 65. -
HOGS — Receipts to-day 22.000 head, to-mor
row 20.000 head; market o^lOc lower; mixed
and butchers'. $5 1565 30; good to choice
heavy. $5 25^5 40: rough heavy, $5 104|5 25;
light. $.VISO 2»: bulk f,l sales. $5 10*55 25
SHEEP— Receipts, 19,000 head: sheep strong.,
lambs strong; good to Choice wethers. $4 75@
3 50; fair to choice mixed. J3 50-P4 50: West
ern she*p. %i 35425 50; native lambs, $1 3<Wit;:
Western lembs, $4 7&gO.
Miscellaneous Markets.
CHICAGO
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. ArrtI Jl — On the Produce Ex
chanste to-day the imtter market was steady;
creamery, 14®?44c; dairy. 12*4©21c. " Eggs
were tMsy at lC^lli'ic Cheese was weak at
OSUHJc.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, April (5. — Cash -quotations were
9s follows: Flour was easy: No. 2 spring
wheat. 97c: No. 3, S7<608c; No. 2 red, Oo^c®
$1 0<i"V No. 2 corn. 54^iii54 s ic: No. 2 yellow,
54'4*?54* t .o: No 2 oats, 39V;@394c; No. 3
white. 4CW42c; No. 2 rye. 70c; good feeding
barley. 3vg40c: fair to choice malting, 45<555c;
No. 1 flaxsced, $1 CO; No. 1 Northwestern,
$116- prime timothy-seed, $2 80; mess - pork,
p*-r bbl. $12 S7i>'.®13: lard, per 100 lbs., $•> 77 4
fftO .SO- short ribs" sides (loose). $6 H2466 73;
fhort clear sides (boxed). *7 25fr7 50; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 2S; clover, contract
grade. *10 73
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 8C6OO ti$.20U
Wheat, bu«hel3 49.000 73.200
Corn, bushels 490.600 U9.9O)
Oats, bushels 535.100 452.1CO
Rye bushels 31.900 17,400
Barley, bushels 122.4C0 57.1OU
I
Cash Grain and Provisions.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9*ae; three
half barrels, yc; one tierce. S T ic; two tierces, 1
8*ic; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
LARD — Tireces quoted at 6%c per lb * for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
9*;c; 10-lb tins, 0>;c; 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins,
10c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll>*£c per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium. 13c for light.
14*£c for extra light and 15©16c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams 12%e: Cali
fornia Hams U •"<;¦& 12 He; Mess Beef. $10 509
11 per bbl; extra Mess. $11 50@12: Family.
$12 '¦O/SIS; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear.
$24; Mess, $1«; Dry Salted Pork. 10*$c: Pig
Pork, $27; Pigs' Feet. $5; . Smoked Beef, 14c
per lb. .
There Is no further change to report In this
market. Trade continues dull. •
Provisions.
Wall Street Xotes.
) There is "no further change in Bran and
other Feedstuffs. jj The circular of Somers A
Co. says of" Hay:
"Contrary to general expectations receipts of
Hay have be*n ranging quite heavy for the
week ending to-day, the total being 2S0O tons,
or over 450 tons per day. It was thought that
with the filling of the Government order last
week quite a diminution In arrivals would
be noted, but the contrary has been the case.
The increase nas been occasioned by shipment
from 'outside' districts which generally do not
figure to any extent with our market, but
which are I now anxious to dispose of what
little'Hay they have remaining at the present
comparatively good prices with the expectation
of an abundant crop in Junt. Most ranchers
are able to scrape together a carload or two.
which in the aggregate amounts to a consid
erable quantity. An account of stock in our
regular Hay districts, which has been com
piled, shows but a little-over 20.000 tons of
Hay to IhbI us through. The San Francisco
market alone will probably need this entire
quantity before the first of June- If the Gov
ernment makes a purchase here and if Oakland
will draw quite an amount there Is very apt to
be a shortage next month unless quite a lot of
Hay Is dur up In districts outside of our reg
ular territory. At the present writing, how
ever, ihe situation is rather uninteresting, re
ceipts being a bit heavier than the demand, re
quires. Prices si>ow no change, however, for
the situation *s generally understood and there
is very little effort being made to bear the
market.
"All grades of Hay can be found on ib%
market almost any day. with choice grade oat"
alone being in rather light -supply."
BRAN— $19<B20 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $24g26 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $10e20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley $24S25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. ?29 50031 ;
jobbing $32; Cocoanut Cake, $22@23; Corn
Meal, $29 50®30 50; Cracked Corn. $30@3l';
Mixed Feed. $21©22; Horse Beans, ?30@
40 per. ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. *15<gl7t Wheat and Oat.
$14ffl<! 50; Oat. $13®1O: Barley. S12@15; Stock,
$12 50£13 50; Alfalfa, $12314 per ton.
STRAW— 50<f/75c per bale.
Hav and Feedstuff s.
FRUIT — Apricots. 8*i@10*4e for Royals and
9$12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4*4&
6pi; sun-dried, 3©44c; Peaches, 54^7 4c;
Pears. S#ll*jc; Nectarines, nominal; ._ Figs,
white. 3Q4c in boxes; black. 4*4c; ,Plums,
pitted. 5<58c per lb. - , '
. PRUNES— 1903 crop, 2*4@2*jc for the four
sizes.
i RAISINS — The Association quotes the follow
ing Drices: Standard grades. 50-lb cases — 2
crown " Loosa Muscatels. 5*4c per - Jb;
3-crown, 5%c; 4-crown, 6*4c; Seed ten Loose
Muscatels. 4*4c: Seedless floated. 4&c; 2-crown
Malaga loose, 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached, 4*4c; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached, 5*$c. Layers, per 20
1b box — U-crown Imperial clusters. $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters. $2 50: 4-crown fancy clusters.
•J2- 3-crown London Layers. (1 35; 2-crown'
London Layers, $1 25; usual advance, for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy 16-oz
cartons, per lb, 7%c; fancy 12-ca cartons, per
package, 6«ic; fancy bulk cartons, per lb, 7Hc;
choice lG-oz cartons,' per lb, 7*jc; choice 12-cz
cartons, ser package, 6*4c; choice bulk car
tons cer lb. 7*4e; 16-oa cartons, seeded Seed
lings Muscatels, per lb. 7c: 12-os cartons.
se«led Secdlinrs, Stuscatels. per lb. 5f;c; bulk,
seeded See<lllngs. Mascatels, per lb. H%e.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softsnell, 13*il4c;
No -'. 114C12C; No. I hardshell, 13@U*4c;
No 2. 11®114C; Almonds, 11 *jc for Nonpa
reils imc for I X L. lie for Ne Tlus Ultra
and 0»ic" for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6®7c for
Knsurr.; Pecans. HiBlSc; Cocoanuts. $4 50415.
HONEY — Comb. 10®ll%c for white and 84
Q94c for amber: water white extracted, 59
5V»e; light amber extracted, 4"4g4?ic; dark,
34S4c.
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
Dried Fru its,N uts,Raisiris,Honey.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 80@
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 7085;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at S3 &5®4 23
per bbl. ¦
MILLSTUFFS — Prices • In packages are as
follows: Graham " Flour. $3 25 per 10O lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25: Rye Meal. $3: Rice Flour.
$7- Corn Meal. '$3 25; extra cream do. $4;"Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $4§4 25; Buckwheat
Flour $4 5OS4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats bbls, $7 25^8 BO; In sacks. $6 75@3 10;
Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Greea
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
• ¦ - .
'Arrival of 8.000.000 Gold Yen from Japan.
Silver $ic lozver. Exchange raics undisturbed.
Xew York Stock market higher. Cotton lozver.
Local Securities again in fair demand.
Wheat end Barley about as before quoted.
Holders of Oats agree to advance quotations.
Xo further change in Corn and' Rye.
About 20.000 tons of Hay still on hand.
Bran, Middlings avd other ' Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans end Seeds as prcz'iovsly quoted/
Potato r.iarket in excellent condition for sellers.
Arrival of a large line of Australian Onions.
Asparagus end Rhubarb plentiful and lozver.
Poultry and Game in light supply and steady.
Citrus Fruits in ample supply and unchanged.
Strtnvbcm'cs coming in more freely.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs still plentiful ar.d easy.
Cattle. Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Xo further fluctuation in Provisions.
Lumber market reported quieter.
Shipment of 2S59 tons Barley to Japan.
ly. 20 e«nt« per share, amounting to $20. COO:
Thirty- three Oil .Company, regular monthly.".
10 cents per ehare. amounting to 110.000.- . . ;
¦The Presidio and Ferries Railroad Company,
haa. declared a regular monthly dividend oi 20 1
cents per share, payable April 15. s. " -
The Marin County Water Company will p*y
a .. quarterly dividend of 75 cents per > share
April 11_ '
The California -.street Cable Railroad Coat- :
pany will pay a regular monthly dividend "of '
75 cents per share on April 13. -
Th« Daly West Mining Company has de
clared a dividend of 65 cents, payable April IS.
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
"WEDNESDAY. April 6—2 p. m." '¦'
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.l - Bid. Ask.
; 4* qr coup.. 107*4108 |4s «jr cp new.133 133^.
4s qr reg...l07U108 |3s qr coup.. 107 10T«4-.
, ; MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — [O T Co Cs.U9i; —
Bay CPC 5s. — 101 *i| Do Ss nft^
Cal C G 5». — 104ViI Do con 5s. 101% — ;
Cal G A E 1 lOceanlc S 5s. — 75
m & ct 5a. 7«H SO TOm Cable- 6s. — 124H
Cal-st C,5s.ll8?4117H PacG Im 4s. — M
C C Wit h. 100*4 IP E«Ry 5S.104*; —
Ed LA P 6a. — "13O !P * C H 08.104^1034
F A C H 68.114?4 — P * O R 6«.11« — j
G«ary-st 5».. — — Powell-st «s. — • —
H C&S SHs.100 — Sac EGAR.-.S- — 1C«»»
Do 5s — 93 SF ft SJV59.116^4ll«t3
Hon R T 6s.lC6U — Sierra K «».112 —
L A Elec 5s. — 103 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 53.1104111*; <190B) 107 197H
L A L Co 6s — — n910> ,1OT*»— :
Do gtd 6». — "* — S P of C «• . ; ,
Do gtd 38.1024" — <1905)Sr A.101S —
LAP lcro 5s.l00 — (1905>Sr B.102H —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 119 (19t«> — ICi -
Do lem 5s.ll3?X114UI <1912) — 115*i
MV& MtT5s.lO» — ISPC 1 eg SbAH 119
NRR of C6s.lO7U — j Do stmpd..lO© — ;
Do-5s — 117 |S P B R 6«.131 ' — " .
N P C R 5s.l05 — S V Wat 6». — 108
N C Ry 5«.1C9 — Do 4s 2dm. ICO — "
N C P C 5s. 99 102 Do 4s 3dm. 99 lf»» •
N S R R 5s. — 100U Stkn GAE«s. — 8« •
O GL4-H 53.106 — V G St E 5s. — 1<»
O "W gtd 5a. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa S3 — fPort Costa... — — •
Marin Co... — 62H1S V Wat Co. 39«i 391 i
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — JSIST GAB. 59U 6©
Mutual E L. ft*; 10 |Stkn G * E. 5 — ¦
Pac L Co... 564 [U G & E.. 29- 33 -
TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATES. " • ;
S F G & E. — -i- I
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 35O I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 125 L P * , A . . .".152*, —
Anglo-Cal .. — 87 Mer Trust — - 22» i
Bank of Cal.427*5«24tMerch Ex.... — —
Cal Safe Dp.145 150 S F Nation!. — - —
First Natlbnl — — ¦" ¦
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.225O — ISav t L F». - 100
Hum S & L. — — jsec Sar Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav.lCO — [Union T Co.- — —
S F Sav U.625 — |
STREET RAILROAD3.
California ..— 200 iPresldlo ..... — 41,
Geary — 80 |
' POWDER- ¦
Giant 6O' 61 IVlgorlt — 8
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 40c (Kilauea S C 3V, 4
Hawaiian C. — 51 |Maka.»»lt C. 21*4 — " -
Honokaa S C 124 13 Onomea S C. — 27*4
Hutch S P C »** 10 iPaauhau S C 11% 14
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA.— 145>4|Oceanlc S Co. 4K — '
Cal F C A. 9S*;iOO IPac Aux FA. 5*, —
Cal Wine A. 91% 92*i|Pac C Bon. 170 —
MV& MtTm.100 .— I
Morning Session.
10 Alaska Packers* Assn. B. 8.. ..145 Of)
5 California Fruit Canners 9S 00
50 Hutchinson S. P. Co 9 624
5O Oceanic S. S. Co 4 Oto
50 Oceanic 8. S. Co.... 4 124
20 Pacific Coast Borax ..170 00
10 S. F. G»-A Electric 50 23
. > 5 S. F. Gas & Electric. S. 90 50 00
35 S. F. Gas A Electric 59 00
10 Spring Valley Water Co 30 12*j
$3,000 8. P. of Arizona (1910>..: 107 75
14,000 S. P. of Arizona. (1909) 107 00
Street —
$10,000 Pacific Electric Railway 5s 105 OO
* Afternoon Session.
Beard—
25 KiUuea Surar Plan. Co. 3 62H
5O Oceanic S. S. Co... 4 25 .
5O Paauhau S. P. Ca T...... 13 75
25 Pacific Llgthlng :..... 5« 5O .
$S,000 Pacific Electric Railway 5s 105 0O
$i,COO S. V. 4s (3d mortgage) 99 SO
Street—
100 Ca!. Wine Association 92 00
$3 000 S. F. A S. J. V. 5s 11« 50.
Money — |U S Stepl n"i;
Call loans ....24«T34; Do nfd nc*i
Time loans ...:j'-®t [Wfstins Common. 7»'
Bonds — ! Mining —
Atchlson 4s 99 t,;.\<j venture .. 2 l «
Do adj 4s SS4 ; Allouez 5^
Mex Cent 4s 63',;.! Amal Copper 50 : l
Railroad* — I Amer Zinc n V
Atchlson S?,%lAtlantic $u'
Do pfd 91 iBir.zham s«i'
Hoston & Albany.218 : Calumet & Hecla 400
Boston & Maine.l6<i ".Centennial 20 s !
Boston Elev 139 TCopper Range ... 41U
Fitchburg pfd 139 iDaly West ... .27
Mex Central »?;iDom Coal . sn
N Y. N H & H..l«) TFranklin \\ g
Pere Marquette.. 73 rGrancy »a;
Union Pacific gS"i'I»le Royale 71J
Miscellaneous — |ilass Mining %
Amer Arge Chf-m. 13 !Mlchigan .. . 51Z
Do pfd 72'ifVfohawk ." 41M
Afflfr P«eu Tube. 4%;Mont CorI & C *U
Amer Sugar 120:«iTO!d Dominion ...*^I4
Do pfd 12.-.ViiOseeota M
Amer Tel & Tel..l2G JFarrot 051^
Amer Woolen ... llViiQuincy ..' 5s
Do pfd^. 74!i!Shannon ' ti
Dom Iron t& S... 9 (Tamarack .. . m "
Ed Elect Ilium.. 13« [Trinity " 4
G^n Electric 104 JU S Mining.. «ot:
M«ss Electric 19 \V S Oil ' n«i?
Do pfd 74 rntah ..,- .../.; j-iT?
Mass Gas 41 I Victoria gjj
I'nlted Fruit 100'J|Winona " 7
Un Shoe 2iach.. 47 K, Wolverine . 7"»i'
Do pfd •. . 2S ! ~*
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Reading 11,500 45^ - 44H 44»i
Readlnier 1st pfd .... 77>£
Reading 2d pfd 59^,
Rock Island Co 17.2CI0 24 23\i rj%
Rock Uland Co pfd 3,300 65»i 63U 6S 4 "
; StL, & SF 2d pfd.. 2.200 47H 434 40^
St Louii S W 1,300 144 14H 14>i
St Louis S? W pfd. 900 39»« 35' 344
Southern Pacific... 70.400 51 *£ 5OVi 50*i
Southern Railway.. 3,2»n> 22a« 22*4 "2%
Sdithern Ry pfd.. 1«» S4% 84S &4*i
Texas & Pacinc l.fxo 24*4 244 24%
T. St L & W - 100 "5 1^ 25i t 244
T. St L & W pfd.. 1i«» S5 .To 35
Union Pacific 52.1XJ0 % «>U 88 H '*.» ¦
X'nifm Pacific pfd.. 2,300 94 U 93 93 V-
Wabash -00 l»«i li)% . lt»^
Wahash pfd. 4.500 3S*i 3S " 3«W
Wheeling & L E.. ..... .... .... 164
Wisconsin Central. 4<X> 1SS 1S4 I84
Wis Cent pfd 200 41', 41 . 41 '
Express Companies —
Adams £20
American' \\ iQy
United States '.] \\[\ 104
Weils-Farpo ; 2i>5
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 30,700 51% 501,; 5<m
Am Car & Foun... 1.3OO 2<>Vi lt>*» lOtt
Am Car & F pfd. . =Co 73 72S4 73
Am Cotton Oil .. 29 v
Am Oott Oil pfd. 1 .... ¦-.... fe.S
American Ice .... 200 V 7% 7%£ 7«
Amer Ice pfd ... 500 27% 27% . 27H t
Am Unseed Oi! •* . sC i
Am Uq Oil pfd.. * 28V !
An Locomotive .. 8OO ' 22% 21% 22 !
Am Locom pfd .. 3i¥> S2V» &ZVi
Am Smel & Ref.. 100 4S4 4S4 4s'
Am S & F pfd.. 900 83% 93 ' t 92
Am Sugar R?f... 2,0<)i> 127»i| 127 12H"i ;
Anaconda Mln Co 7o<> 71 7014 70* j
Brocklj-n R T 12.400 44 Ti 4*U 44'/*
Ccln Fuel & Iron.". 4.4(V» 324 304 31 |
Ccnsolid Gas 3.3iX) 200 U 1994 1!»% '
Corn Products 13% \
Corn Prod nfd .. ..... .'. ; . .... CSVi f
Distillers' Sees.... 400 23 22*% 22»i •
I General JSitc 2tn» KJ414 164 164' i
Internat Par><*r .. lm) 12 12 Hty j
Inter Paper pfd... ino 67%i 07% «7^ 4 !
Internat Pump .... 37 j
1 Inter Pump pfd .. 10O 774 . "74 77
National Loud ;.. - .... \i% 1
North American... 100 85 K5 *44 !
Faciflc Mail 2CO V 2S '- 2S 2*
People's Gas 1,7IK> Vl% »«»: M\ \
Pressed Ste^l (^ar. 800 30 2ft «J 29 1-, I
{Press Stl Car pfd 00 \
, I Pu'liran F»! Car.. ..: .... 20!> •
Republic Steol ... 9O0 . « TTi 7*i j
. R»pub St»el rifd.. 3.1OO 47*i 4»»4 47^. !
Rubber Goods 3^0 19 l « - 19'^ 19^ j
Rubber Goods pfd .... . v 7"4
, Tcnn Coal * Iron 3.700 40*^ 40'i 4OVi'*
U S Leather 4O<> 7 7 «"<!
I* fi Leather pfd.. 5"V> 7*% 7J»M 7Rt;
U S Realty l.nno «»* B\4 fiV^
V S Realty pfd.. 3.WO 54 S3 534
T* S Rubber Sni> H 14 \Z\
, V K Rubber pfd.. S«1O ."lAH * M 3«
It" R Steel 2.4«rt 11*4 11 lit;
1 U P Strel rf1 117,300 CO"*, 59% «*>Vi
I Wasting F'.eo .... .... KrfV
, I Western Union . . 10A> so 89 .<l»ij
Total rales. .617.100 shares. !
I UNITED RATLROADS OF PAN FRANCISCO. !
j NETW TORK. April ?$. — Bond transactions Of 1
1 United Railroads of San Francisco: 23.0U0 at!
J77 75. ;
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY. !
Common — Bid, $4 25; asked. $4 50. Pre- j
I ferred— Bid. $35 75; asked. |3G 50.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lu5»»:L & N unlrlod 4s. SOVil |
l>o coupon lOSTiiMan con cold 4s.ltf2 !
Do 3s reg IO5%!M«X Cent 43 K»*i i
l>o coupon 107 j Do 1st inc 13 '-i I
Do new 4s reg.i:!2*i|Minn & St L 4s.. 9«
Do coupon 133 JM. K & T 4s 9^
Do old 4s reg..lO7Vii Do 2da 7S4
Do coupon 107 V«; Nil of Mex con 4s 7^4
Atch gen 4e S9*4'.N Y C gen 34s.. Wi
Do adj 4s WHIN J C ren 5s VSS%
j Atlantic C L 4s. 92H!Ncr Pac 4« 103
Bal & Ohio 4s 100',i Do 3s 7T
Do 34s 94 'Nor & W con 4s. U74
Central of Ga 5s=.10«3i!(>SL 4s & partlc. 934
Do 1st Inc tf«V4JPa conv :i\^s rv;4
Ctaes & Ohio 44s.in24| Sheading r-n 4s... Oti'i,
Chi * Alton 34s. 76 JSL AIM con 5s.ll2 : --r
C B & Q o*w »s. »4H!S L & S F tg 4s. £!¦<
C.M & SP en 43.108^ jSt Louis S\V lsts. 94%
C & ttVT on 7s. 12im Seaboard A L 4s. C8
C R I A- Pac 4s. 714)So Pac 4* S3'5 |
Do col 5s 73^!S<i Railway 5s...ll.Ti, i
C.C.C & SLffn 4s. 100*4.! Tex & Pac lsts.. 117 i
Chi Term 4s SO !T St L & W 4s. 6S
(Cons Tobaccn 4s. 534!t. T nlon Pacific 4s..ia«t; ¦
i Colo * So 4* 83%] Do ccnv 4s a>*i !
| C F & I conv SB. 72 ,1' S Steel 2d Hs...77V t .
; Don-& Rio G 4s. 9.SVijWabash lsts llf'i ,
j Erie prior lien 4s. 07^1 D<i d*>b B 61 s, ;
Do gen 4s S5*;|\V & L Erie 4s.. S7>4 '
F W & D C lsts.lO.1V«|Wis Cent 4s S9- s i
j Hock Val 44s...lC54!
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
j Adarr.s Con 1S| Little Chief ..... CO 1
• AlV* l*|Ontario 4 50 !
j Isreece 10! Phoenix iv, '
j Bruns Ccn WVPotosi 2*
Tom Tur.rfl "ti; Savage 47 '
j Con Ca! & Va.. 1 70it-ierra Nev rtj !
! Horn Silver 1 2i:?mal1 Hopes .... 13
Iron Silver I WlStandard 2 CO 1
I Leadville Con ... C2' t i
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO, April 6.— Ca*h whiat was so
scarce to-day that sales of No. 1 Northern
were made here at "*4 of a cent over the May
price, a premium higher than any hitherto
paid this season. The result was a revival of
activity- In speculative markets." July, closed
%c higher than Monday. Weakness in foreign
grain markets and favorable weather through
out the United" States caused liberal profit-tak
ing in wheat early in the day. The majority
of reoorts from the Southwest noted an im
provement in crop prospects, now that rain
and milder temperature have had time to show
ihelr effect. Advices from the Northwest also
reported prospects good for early seeding. Sfn
tlm»nt consequently was quite bearish and
selling ' orders in large numbers came' out at
the start. • Inlttel quotations for July were
dewn^ic to 1 cent at •£3*»c to So»ic. Dur
ing the first hour no support was forthcoming,
and r»rlc*s declined still further. -July selling
off to S5*ic. At this, lower point-' there was
much covering by the shorts. \Afany of the'ear
lier sellers turned buyers. . As the session ad
vanced the market became stronger, the de
mand being more general In character. There
was good buying, by the Northwest under the
influence of better demand for flour at,Mlnn«
apolis. Rfports of fair export business at the
seaboard were received." The market closed
strong at the toe.- final flsrures on July being
at iS6Tic. May sold between t)2%c and 01T«c
and closed at IM^c.
Und*r the impression that the principal long
was disposing of his line, pit ; traders In corn
and small holders sold freely early in the
day, causing an extremely weak market. July
closed at 7>2%c.
Oats "followed the course of wheat and corn,
being weak car!y on free selltn* and rallying
later on literal covering by shorts. July closed
at 3Si;,c.
Provisions were weak on persistent selling by
cor:mltolon houses, in the face of only a mod
erate demand. The e£rly weakness in grains
and a decline of 101»15c In the price of hog*
were the n-ain bear factors. ., Th* market closed
with oork 17>4€?*-Oc lower. July lard closed
7H* lower and ribs were off 7^c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Opt-n. High. Low. Close.
May h ? a -.*: 0 -:f •¦•«% »*% ni .04%
July. old.. ST !W M% / SS
July, new S%»4 ' M^ S6!f»
September, old. 81=^ • y ''- l i» *CT* S2ii
Septembor. new 80%. Sl^i, { 79';i 81
Corn No. 2 — , ' /
May f«5% ' 53 S 53%
July 524 53*? 51--H 52T»
Soptember 5iu 52 5OV 4 51^
MMviwifv.^i •»% an»4 -/38'i 384
July '•..... 37% 38 «i" 37U 3*^,
September 32 32% 31% • 32?,
M*sb Pork, tier bbl. — ' " .. •
May V. 13 m 13 C2^ 12 85 12 95
July ...........13 15 13 25 13 02% 13 12*3
Lard, x>er ICO Ibf. — „ . '
Mny « 90 b 90 « S2Vs « S5
jtfly '.'.'.'.'.". 7 »CU 7 05 6 a7^i 7 02U
•Short Rib«. per 100 lbs.— *¦>
May 6 S2^ 6 85 6 75 6 80
July C 07 «^» 7 CO B JH> ' 6 \K1 Vj
Future Grain and Provisions.
Chicago Board of Trade.
©15 25* No. • 1 foundry ' Southern ' and No. 1
foundry Southern. . soft, »14 25«H 75.
yesterday ;. to ask 50c rer ton • more for : their
holdings, and if they could not get the advancs
they would hold the goods. "Why should not
Oats be firm T' asked one of them. "Stocks
are . moderate ; and receipts are 'light and » there
is no i reason why buyers should not pay full
figures ; for them. esDeclally as -this market is
lower than. the north; where most of the sup
plies com* 1 from.'* - '¦¦"• ' "-
White, -U 27>4@1 37*4: Black, $1 25@1 30;
Red. $1 25©1 35; Gray. $1 32*4©1 37*i per ctl.
CORN— The market- is quoted quiet, steady
and unchanged.. Offerings en 'Change are light:
Western sacked. - $1 35®1 40 . for Yellow,
$1 32U@1 40 for: White, and $1 30©l 35 for
Mixed; California Ianre. yellow, fl 35®1 42*§;
small round do. fl 6O@l 55;. White, fl 40®l 15
per c«; Egyptian. $1 4O@l 50 for white and
$1 27*4651 SOfor brown. . " ¦
RTE— 11 3C©1 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— II 7562 per ctL"
standard. SOciQJl 13. The other Citrus fruits
were in free supply and prices were un
changed. The Panama steamer added , 281
cases to the stocks of .¦ Mexican XJme» and
the steamer Ventura brought up 2514 bunches
of Bananas from Honolulu. •' . -¦ ¦
Strawberries were offering quite freely. A
chest of the Longworth variety came In from
Palo>Alto. 8 crates of a larger variety, each
crate containing 15 small baskets, carte In from
Lo» Angeles, and a crate was received from
Watsonville. Tb* Lonsworths were of gooa
quality and met with prompt sale at $1 50 per
drawer: the Los 'Angeles berries sold at JOc
per basket and the Watsonville stock found a
buyer at 20#25c cer basket.
APPLES — »2ft2 25 per box for extra fancy.
$1 5u<gl 75 for ordinary fancy, 90c<&f I 23 for
choice and 5C's75c for common. .
CITRUS i FRUITS— Navel Oranf es/ $1 50©
2 for fancy. |lftl 65 for choice and 90c@
$1 25 for. standard: Tangerines, fl 25@1 75 per
box; Lemons. $1 75<32 50 for fancy. $1 25® 1 50
for choice and 75cg$l for standard; Grape
Fruit. fl^2: Mexican Limes. f4®4 50 per
case; Bananas fl@2 per bunch for Hawaiian
and $1 50<§2 25 for Central American; Pine
apples. $-tj3 per dozen. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; APRIL 7, 1904.
Continued on Pa*je Fourtceiii
STOCK M'AEKET.
' Trade in the choice"- and fancy grades of Na
vel Oranges 1 was rather, quiet, particularly dur
ing the early mornins hours, as most buyers
were holding off awaiting • the ; outcome of i the
auction - sale, which was held ; about 5 noon.' A
flrm / feeling ; prevailed, however, the market
being"; I held: steady ,.-.'. by.. ;; '. the 'continued
warm " weather. : f Standard grades ': .; moved
freely ' peddlers ":'- bfclng r ' Ihe * principal t buy
ers. Durtrg the past few days buying has been
confined chiefly to the small sizes, that" la. from
150» to. 216s,'. while the large sizes, .which; had
previously been In : demand, . have been ; neglect^
ed, • although ¦;< offered ;-: at liberal conc-ssions.
The auction, *alp was well 1 , attended -and the
bidding w»s 'i brisk, -but --. very -little,' stock was
sold , to outsiders.'. .The iroanasers- of 'the -auc
tion were evidently,, anticipating a '. better '¦ war- :
ket,' as they bid:- prices: up and : bought back
the bulk -.of 'offerings." ¦¦» Nine 'cars-' were
sold, .as follows: -' Extra: fancy. $1 33^2::ordi
nary fancy, %l 25*jjl 70; cnoice,~r j$l$l 35;
"...¦¦;', '-. ¦:'¦.¦. ':.¦¦'.-."¦¦..•¦-•;' •¦;.•,'.. -,"," .¦¦-'.-¦,, -,. '.¦ ¦
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
NEW YORK. April «. — TJn. which appears
to be the object of eorae speculative manipula
tion, broke tsharply in the London irarket to
day, declining £1 T.s. to'XIST 6b m for spot
and £127 10s for future*. The local market
»-m also easy, closing at 128 35@2£ 63.
" Copper continues very flrm locally. ~ Lake
Ifiow held, at 113 25©13 50; electrolytic at
$14 131*013 25. and casting at: $12; 6714®
::t 12^4. The London, market, however, - worked
a little lower, declining about 2s 6d for spot
«rnieh closed at £SS I2s tjd, whUe futures
were 5* lower* at £5.S 7s «5d,
Lead was firm here at ?4 60«4 65. while In
London It advanced 2s tkj to £12 o*s 3d. . .
/Spelter, was flrm at recent prices, $5 SflOO
in the local market, but was higher in Lon
don, closins at £22 r.s. , . ¦ ' - ,,
Pic iron closed at 52s 3d in Glasgow ami at
44s tid In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron continued
flrnu" - .Vo. 1 foundry Northern . Is quoted at
$15 "D'SjlO 70; No. - foundry Northern" {14 75.
New York Metal Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15¦"I've been everywhere. '.I've. *een, everything
worth aeelnp. I've tafted everything worth'tast
ing, and "Old OIU ;12dge* Is; the best .whiskey."
That, man startedrofT Ilkoi an „ egotist, "'¦ but- he
finished likea good Judge of whiskey.
Joseph T. Fanning, exalted ruler of
the Protective 'Benevolent 7 Order). ! ~of
Elks, the highest officer in the order,
arrived in this city last evening from
Indianapolis, Ind., by way, of "Sacra
mento. On last Tuesday he. visited the
lodge 'of : Elks. there..": To-nighti,he will
visit the lodge in Oakland. « Before go
ing there he will be the:guest>of San
Francisco Lodge No. 3, and will ''be
shown the principal of interest.
On Friday he will be taken', on a trip
around the bay and'on .Saturday he
will • be the lodge's guest at a banquet
to be tendered him at the Palace.
A Distinguished Elk.
: Mrs. Mary, Newman of ; 2421 Califor
nia street applied:yesterday»to"the Su
perior Court, to be appointed guardian
of Louis James Young, the >,. adopted
son of Louis H." Young, who, :' she
claims, is being abused by, Young and
his wife. The. petitioner is the. sister
br Young's ¦ first wife, who .died .re
cently.- _-'.¦ '''''"'.¦ ;:' J - ; '<l\l
Sa j s Boy Is Being Abused.
Without seeing theDiamond Palace would
be like visiting Europe without seeingPar
is. It is a leading. feature of San Francis
co, and is the:most-/ beautiful '.jewelry
store in the world. (Visitors or; purchas
ers are equally, welcome. 221 Montgom
ery street, between Bush and Pine., •
To .Visit \. San Francisco
The estate is estimated to be worth
$250,000. The only known relatives of
the- deceased are a sister and several
nephews and nieces.
The will of aged Samuel Davis, the
capitalist, who died at 408 California
street Tuesday, was filed for probate
yesterday. It is a peculiar, document,
in that it does not contain the name
of a single devisee, simply contain
ing the announcement that it is. the
last will of the deceased and that he
desires Julius C. Reis, the real estate
dealer, to serve as executor. Reis
has applied for special letters of ad
ministration upon Davis' estate, claim
ing it is necessary that some one
should be appointed to care for the
property.. He also avers that it is ex
pected difficulty will be '-,¦ experienced
in securing general letters of adminis
tration. « -^Vv;V .*
Not Contain the Names of
Any Devisees.'
Last Testament of Capitalist . Does
WILL OF SAMUEL ; DAVIS
A PECULIAR DOCUMENT
O. Bozio la Chosen President of
'French Mutual. Benefit Society by
n Large; Majority.
The directors of the French Mutual
Benefit Society. of this city met in
their headquarters on Post street last
evening for the purbose of ,\ electing
ofilcers and committees for the en
suing year. ' •••V'i..;
As predicted.; O. Bozio was elected
"president of the hospital by a large
majority. H. Roncovieri was chosen
as : first vice ' president : and Thomas
Lacoste second vice president. V.Car
det was elected to the. office of record
ing secretary, and " J. A. .' Bergerot
financial secretary.
Committees were elected as fol
lows: Provisions— G. Pouchan.iTJ.
Bergez arid B. Gorr; pharmacy— H.
Gless, F. Cames and C. Artigiies; fur
niture and- linens—^J. S. 9°^6au,' }R.
A^uirre and' G. Poiichan; repairs— J.
B. Lacaze, A?, Gless, ,B. P. LTapachet,
and the Point Xobos" Club.
HOSPITALw DIRECTORS
ELECT NEW OFFICERS
PROMOTION COM3! ITTEE
EXCURSION PARTY STARTS
More ; Than One Hundred Prominent
Men Devote a Few Days. to See
ing South and Coast.
The California-Promotion Commit
tee's excursion, train to Southern Cal
ifornia started yesterday afternoon on
the arrival of the 3 o'clock boat from
the foot of : Market street at the Oak
land mole. The train of five cars was
well as it pulled out from the
end : of the, mole. The first stop will
be made'at Los Angeles this. morningr.
The itinerary : as published r yesterday
will be fully observed: . There were
about 125 business and professional
men at the start. At Los Angeles
twenty-five business men will join the
excursion, going: over a part of the
prescribed rou te.
The April number of For California
has been issued by the California Pro
motion Committee. It contains an ar
ticle by David Starr Jordan on "What
California Has Done for Civilization";
a poem by Edwin Markham ; an essay
by I.-.B. McMahlll on the "Compara
tive 'Value of: Land"; "Vegetable
Growing: in California," by E. J. Wlck
son; "The Brown Family iri Califor
nia," and paragraphs telling of the
work of the committee. >
Bank Clerks Meet.
The annual meeting of the San
Francisco Chapter of the American
Institute of Bank Clerks was held at
the lecture-room . of the T." M. C. A.
last evening.. Papers on the clearing
house department "were read by "J.. W.
McDermott. Nevada National Bank;
H^qiapp.^Bank of California; 'H. R.
Wagner, London,* Paris* and 'American
Bank, and H. G. White Jr., San Fran
cisco 'National -Bank. The ; following:
officers '-.we're elected, to serve for" th%
coming-term: * : ; : \.^-K~-
Preofdent, 'j. -"W." McDermott, * Nevada. Na
tional Bank: vice president, H. J. Maglnnlty.
California Safe: Deposit" and Trust Company:
secretary, R. Norris, International ' Banking
Corporation ; - treasurer, T.' F. Blake, . First Na
tional Bank ; governors — W. v H." Cameron, Mu
tual ' Savings '. Bank; ' H. CJlapp, r Bank : of ¦ Cali
fornia; ;E. « H. ; Geary, s California Safe Deposit
and /Trust Company; -R; S.' La Motte, : Crocker-
W'oolwortb National Bank;' T.'H." Schultz, ;san
Francisco National 1 Bank." ". .
Sues r Her Husband for Support.
;, Essie B.'rLang, who was .married to
Henry * Jr. Lang - in ..March > of: last; year,
sued ? ' him .for " maintenance yesterday.
She asks for $ 50 a^rnonth. * According
to^ her:' complaint " he abandoned" her
last monthl " ¦
., Children. !ik«Piso's Cure.,, It \ Is". pleasant. to
take and cures their coughs. At druggists C5c*
Mrs. Albert W. Scott threw open
her beautiful hor.ie nt C00 Buchanan
street last night for the seventh en
tertainment of th«> Polyglot Club. A
large company was present, which **n
joyed a delightful programme of vo
cal and instrumental music rendered
in the mo.n artistic manner. The la
dies were magnificently gowned. Mrs.
Scott was assisted in receiving by Mrs.
California Newton.
luiiiertains Polyglot Club.
A 14-year-old negro named Bert
Hammond was arrested last night and
charged with grand larceny. He
grabbed the purse of Miss Jennie
Head of 1S14 Stockton street as she
was walking along Grant avenue. He
was captured four blocks from the
si-ep.e of the robbery by Policeman
Robert Conners. Miss Read says she
will not prosecute the boy.
Negro IJoy Snatches Purse.
At Calvary Church last night a
large audience listened to an inter
esting lecture by. Mrs. William Hume
on the subject of Mormonism. An in
teresting- letter from the Rev. John
Hemphill, who is : now traveling
abroad, was read and gave much
pleasure to the congregation.
Meeting nt Calvary Church;
An odd armchair, divan, rocker, sofa,
davenport ; or corner chair at half its
value is what can be had at PATTO
SIEX'S great Retiring Sale. Sixteenth
and Mission streets, this week. You may
also find just the carpet for one room at
half-price.. ; • *
Broken Parlor Suites.
The thirty-first annual conference
of the Woman's Occidental Board of
Foreign Missions opened yesterday
afternoon at the Presbyterian mission
house. 920 Sacramento street.
Reports of ¦ the year's work were
read by the following officers: Mrs.
E. G. Frisble, recording secretary;
Mrs. L. A. Kelley, general correspond
ing .secretary; Mrs.' D. "W. Horsburgh,
foreign corresponding secretary; Mrs.
H. C. Morris, special, object secretary;
Mrs. H. B. Pinney, secretary of liter
ature; -Mrs. I. M. Condit, State secre
tary; Miss Partridge, Y. P. S.,C. E.;
Miss Sarah M. White, juniors, Inter
mediates, bands and baby bands; Mrs.
E.G. Denniston, treasurer; Mrs. H. L.
King, associate treasurer.
»A marked increase was shown, in
all. departments. ' Mrs." . E. , G. Dennis
ton, the treasurer, reported that there
was an* Increase in her department ' of
$3000 in gifts, which included $1000
for the Sharrccks Hospital in Korea.
The conference will convene at 9:30
o'clock this morning and will continue
for the rest of the day. The ; session
to-morrow will begin, at the same
hour. f
Woman's Occidental Board Hears
Gratifying: Reports From Officers
of Philanthropic Organization.
FOREIGX MISSION' SHOWS
AS INCREASE . IN FAVOR
. The complaint aska that the deed
be declared null and ,"void and that
the land be declared the estate of the
plaintiff as trustee' of the estate of
Gustav Burgin, bankrupt. ;
The complaint recites that on April
18. 1903. Burgin filed a petition in in
solvenSy with liabilities of $30,000.
and that on* July 12 he caused to be
recorded a pretended deed to Frieder
icka Burgin. conveying to her a part
of the 50-vara . lots Nos. 1 /and 2 4n
block 4 56, Western' Addition, San
Francisco. It is also alleged that this
piece of ''realty ; was omitted from the
schedule tiled .by Burgin and for the
purpose of cheating arid defrauding
his creditors, and that In fact Burgin
never conveyed to Friedericka Burgin
as a gift or otherwise any of the prop
erty. It 4s further alleged' that Fried
erickn, by representing , to Joseph
Schweitzer and others that Burgin was
the owner of this land induced them
to become co-makera with' Burgin'of
a promissory ' note .'for more than
ScO.OOO. r -.?fg ,
Charges of fraqd were made yes
terday in a paper tiled in the United
States District Court by Rudolph F.
Crist against Gustave Burgin, a bank
rupt. It is alleged that Burgin, with
Intent- to cheat and defraud his cred
itors, deeded 5 piece of real estate to
Friedericka Burgin and concealed the
transaction by withholding the deed
from record several months. .
'Allegations Filed That He Deceived
Several Persons Into Signing a
Xote for JSSOjOOO.
GUSTAV BURG1N ACCUSED
OF FRAUD AND CHEATING
Wharf privileges held by the Wend
ling Lumber Company on. Channel
street- were assigned to the Pacific
Lumber Company, as the latter had
purchased the property of the former
company. I j ', j^ ; j
Foster <& Orear, in a communication
to the board,, tendered back rent on
the basis^of $430 per month and In
closed a check for $63S. They also
stated that they were satisfied to pay
$1500 a month from March 31, 1904. The
letter was placed on file.
The chief engineer again informed
the board that. repairs should be ~ made
to the dolphins between the ferry
slips. The spaces between the slips
are occupied by the Southern Pacific
and Wells, Fargo & Co. Before the
repairs can be made the occupants
must move. *?'
.The Harbor Commissioners, at a reg
ular meeting yesterday afternoon, di
rected the 'secretary to advertise fo'r
bids for the news stand privilege. It
Is stipulated in the advertisement for
proposals that no bid for less than
$1500 a month will be entertained. The
commission reserves the right to re
ject any and all bids. The privilege to
be awarded to the highest bidder is
thus described: .
The spaces,- counters and shelves now used
snd occupied by Messrs. Foster & Orear as
news stands and parcel depositories » In- the
waiting rooms of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company and of the Atchison. Topeka i and
Santa Fe Railway Company In the Union
depot and ferry house. San Francisco. The
dimensions of said space. can be ascertained on
application at" the office of the chief engineer
of the board, a In case the waiting rooms of
the Atchison. Topeka and Santa Fe are moved
from their present location^ then an equivalent
ispnee in such new waiting rooms will be pro
vided In lieu of .the 6pace of the Atchison, To
reka and Santa Fe Railway now used and
occupied.
Herrera developed a fondness for
strong-drink and for some time prior
to his death was in more or less of a
maudlin condition. He fell madly In
love with a lady passenger. His over
tures were repelled and one still night,
when all on.;, board were asleep but
the watch and, when the watch was
not looking, Herrera crept to the door
of the stateroom where slept the lady
who had scorned his love and drank
the contents of a bottle of chloroform.
His dead body was found there some
time later. '~~il>^
It is understood that Herrera's rela
tives had straightened out, the legal
tangle In which his^ skillful penman
ship had involved Edouardo and that
a prodigal's welcome awaited the
forger at Valparaiso. :
Herrera was a young man of good
family and had occupied a position of
trust In the service of the Chilean
Government. He forged some official
documents and with the money so ob
tained fled, from: Valparaiso. He was
arrested here by- the manager of a
private detective agency and held in
the City., Prison until arrangements
were made for his extradition.
In custody of C. H. Norris of the
Curtin Detective Agency Herrera
sailed from here February 13 on the
City of Para. *He had threatened to
make away .with himself and Norris
was supplied with appliances to re
strain his prisoner should the neces
sity arise. ' Ringbolts were screwed
Into the stateroom floor and every pre
caution ' was taken to Insure the
prisoner's safe, delivery at Valparaiso.
After the steamer got to sea Her
rera Beemed to have abandoned all
Idea of self-destruction and his cus
todian allowed, him to mingle with the
other passengers and enjoy himself as
he saw fit. . v
Edouardo M. Herrera, the Chilean
forger, -who left here last February on
the City of. Para under arrest on an
extradition warrant, and raws of
whose death was received some time
later, died on the City of Para by his
own hand. Particulars ,of his death
were learned on the. arrival of the
steamer yesterday from; Panama. * * '
Attorney William Maguire was con
sulted by the two victims -and he as
certained that Smith had lived at 122t
Golden Gate avenue. One of the room
ers there told Maguire that he had oc
casion to look at Smith's hat once and
saw the letters "S. A. M." on the
band. He spoke to Smith about it and
Smith said that he and a friend .had
purchased hats at the same time In
Chicago and" had taken the wrong
hats. It is believed these a,re the in
itials of the name Smith was known
by in Chicago.
Shreve & Co., the jewelers, are also
out $202*50. On jthe day of his depar
ture Smith ordered that amount of
jewelry and when the clerk called with
the parcel Smith displayed a bagful of
gold and told him he intended calling
at Shreve*8 and putting it in the safe
there, as he was going to Los Angeles
on a trip and would not be back for. a
few days. The firm, Smith said, could
take out what was due them. This
satisfied the clerk and he. left the
package. . but Smith did not turn up.
The case has been put in the hands
of Detective Whltaker, who thinks
other firms have been victimized.'
Descriptions of Smith will . be sent
throughout the country, asking for his
arrest.
Another victim of Smith is Alexan
der Westrun of Kenwood. Sonoma
County. He also answered the adver
tisement for a partner and on March
24 paid Smith S1500 cash and gave him
a note for $1500 more. He was told by
Smith that a customer In Pasadena
wanted to buy an automobile, but as
there was not one in stock that would
be suitable, he would have to go to
Salt Lake City, where Smith said he
had a machine of his own. Westrup
was to get the machine and bring it
to the city. He got a. letter of'intro
duction to the man in Salt Lake who,
Smith said, had the machine, but when
he got there, no such man was known.
Westrup also paid his own transporta
tion. When he returned to this city
Smith had disappeared.
i VICTIMIZES SIIREVF/S.
Eckland was sent to Chicago to ob
tain money to release tht; machines
from bond and was furnished with a
letter of introduction to an alleged
friend of Smith in that city. who. it
was claimed, would provide the money
and also pay for Eckland's transpor
tation back, Eckland having paid his
own fare to Chicago. Eckland called
at the address given in Chicago, but
no such person was known there.
Eckland made inquiry and ascertained
that nothing was known at the Cus
tom house of the existence of the
eight carloads of machines. He then
consulted a private detective agency,
and was told that he had run up
against one of the cleverest crooks in
the country. When he returned to
this city he discovered that Smith
had flown.
FINDS N'O-AUTOMOBILKS.
The police are searching for "Ever
ett E. Smith" of "E. E. Smith & Co..
automobile agents." who had an office
In the Crossley building. New Mont
gomery and Mission streets. There Is
a warrant out for his arrest on ift
charge of obtaining money by false
pretenses, the complaining witness be
ing Charles M. Eckland. 1038 Peralta
street, Oakland.
Smith opened offices in the Crossley
building on March 12 and negotiated
for the lease of an automobile stable
at Golden Gate and Van Ness avenues.
He advertised for a partner and on
March 23 Eckland paid him $1000 cash
for a share in the business. Smith
rf presented to him that he was agent
for Bentz & Co., automobile manufac
turers, Mannheim, Germany, and said
he had eight carloads of machines from
that firm in bond in Chicago.
Chief Engineer Advises the
Board That New Dolphins
at Two, Slips Are Required
Drinks Fatal Drug at Door
of Cabin Where Object
of His Affection Sleeps
Each Sent on FooFs Errand,
One to Chicago and the
Other to Salt Lake City
TEBMS OF COMPETITION
SWALLOWS CHL0K0F0RM
LEAVES WITH THE COIN
Harbor Commissioners Offer
Privileges in the Ferry
Building toHighestBidder
Edouardq JH. Herrera, Chile
an Forger, Ends His Life
on Steamer City of Para
Alleged Automobile Agent
Accused of Swindling Men
He Took' as -His Partners
INVITE BIDS
FOR NEWS STAND
DIES FOR LOVE
ON SHIP'S DECK
POLICE SEARCH
FOR E. SMITH
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL; THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 1904.
A, Stock certificates and seal presses at short
notice. Edw. S. Knowlcs. 2i Second bt. •
..Trachoma*, : ls.' Granulated^;; Eyelids:
Murine Eye Remedy cures this? and Mother
Eye troubles.; makes: weak*eye»; strong.'
A , favorite in' the home. ' --••.'¦
The box sheet; for. the second ; week
of Anna Held's engagement " at the
Colombia Theater ~ will open ;..\this
morning. If predictions' may. be , made
on; the sale of the present week,; the
demand for tickets for next will "be
exeeedinjjly great. - 1 '"
Second Wee', of Anna Held.
i A. contest \jpf the will of .. Mary
Robncy wag Viflied yesterday by her
sister, Bridget Spaffofd. 5 It is charged
that, at- the time >the will was; made
Mrs." Rooney was unduly influenced by
Catherine' Coriroy, /Elizabeth \ Bradley,"
Mary I Ryan jandU-Rose Jacobsen,u the
devisees under the will. V,l<i - s.;R6oney's
estate is worth about?$6000. -
Contests '; Sister's '¦Will.
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[EECrcftSBEBffXRBE&BaEHB&KBBCBBBBHBEaiBBBBnBBEl
—^_ '^---.^^^^--^ -^^^X^ \\ \\ \\ // I
A £ 4 . *--— -^^^^^ >Vs^^CxvW\ I III
AIMMOUNCEMENT EXTRAORDINARY
UNVARIMISHED FACTS
CUT RATE PRICES
BBfVB|BBBBBBE^^BBBB^^aBBB9BBBBIPiiBBBlBBBBBBBBBIBBBBBBB^BBBBrB0SBBBBB^BBI *
The continuous inclemency of the weather makes
this season an extremely short one. We have
.been manufacturing with increased force ever since
Jan. 1, expecting' a large Spring Trade, thus piling
up an immense stock which must be disposed of.
OUR LOW PRICES WILL BE STILL LOWER. '
CUT RATE PRICES
SUITS I JACKETS and SKIRTS
Fancy Eton Blouse and Mill- White Novelty Coats, lace
tary effect, trimmed, newest cut trimmed, satin lined. CUT RATE,
$22.50 Fancy Zibe-Q 17 Cfl SI2i5Uf Sl3i50p SI5
line suits. Cut Rate, Oil i UU - T , £A ;„ .
S15 Noveltv MJ* O i ft p ft Novelty Covert and Venetian i
TE ,$|0,si2 J 50;$l5 i
$25 Suits of Fxne Venetian • ; ; * , . ]
in blacky cardinal, green, brown Etamine Skirts, black and . : I
and navy blue. 00H nav Y» with silk drop skirts. '
Cut Rate OZU CUT Off Cfl 010 Cfl C|C
$35 Eumine Suits, novelty R1TE ' 4ll.0U,5IZ.0Uj ,513 |
effect. QOR $3 Fancy Cheviot Walk- 0Q v l
Cut Rate -r*" In ? Skirts. Cut Rate. .. 0Z ]
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET] i
39 STOCKTON STREET.
Telephone VL*in 5523.
"We make It a special study to cater to
the exact needs of our patrons.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
SPECIALS
CREAMERY BUTTER, per square. -32#c
.• Better -than ever.
FANCY RANCH EGGS, per dozen. :22*/ 2 c
Nothing finer.
CREAM ROLLED 0ATS.7 lbs for. ... .25c
:^^~ /. regr. 5 for 25c1 )
,'Hs a rood change for breakfast. ' -
CANNED TOMATOES, per dozen 90c
Hesperian brand. 3 cans for 25c
SARDINES IN OIL.per can lOc.per doz SI. 10
. Imported from Portugal. .
GERMAN METTWURST, per lb 30c
JuFt the thlnjr for quick lunches, re*. 40c
SHREOOEO COCOANUT, 2 lbs for.... 25c
Fresh lot. just Jn.- regr. 20c per lb
HAYEL 0RAN6ES, per dozen....... 25c
• Good size, best quality. -
CANNED FRUIT . per can 15c. doz $1.75
_ ¦ . • regr.- 20c and $2.25
Peaches, ' Pears, Apricots and Plums.
WINDOW SCREENS, Hardwood Frames—
18x3314; Special, 25c. re*. 35e
12x33%; Special, 2Oc. re| 30c
12x42%; Special. 25c. rei.' 35^
0 K BOURBON.... per bof 75c,galS3.00
. reg. $1.00 and $4.00
FRENCH COGNAC, per boi .$1.15
Evariste. Dupont 4: Co.^One Star
* ¦"•¦=¦• res. $1.60
FRENCH CLARET, .per qt bof 50c, pt 30c
Per doz., $5.00 and J3.0O
Paysaa <j e Leosrnan. .
Evariste, Dupont & Co. M
CALIFORNIA CLARET, per gal MOcP
An excellent home product. res. 50c I
To Be
Absolutely
Sure
Coffees
Baking Powder
Good Things
to Eat f
Ixtra Premiums
this week
It pays *
"" vT?srfcan Importing Tsa Go;
861 Market 210 Grant ave. 1413 Polk
140 Sixth 1S1D Devisadero Tor. l«irkin
475 Ilaisht . SHOO Sixteenth 3.V/H.iycs
3"S5 Mission ,621 Montg" ave. .VJ Market
200S Fillmore 2510 Mission 14U Ninth ,
SCO Third - 27.'!2 24th . 469 Fourth
YOU WEAR 0
¦6§l$$ir GLASSES i
* Are 'they soothins and' restful?. Do they re-
lieve the strain, blurring and tiring of the eyes?
I H not, use Geo. Mayerle'* Antiseptic UyeKlasa
wipers — ISc.' 2 :{or'2oc. Oerman Eyewater'?"
mail.. 62c : Makes • weak ! eyes strong. sor« ev.v ,
well. -OEO. MAYERUE.- German K^pert Op-
tician. : 1071 ; MARKET ST.. S. K.
• OTUKjI /1 i?T( ' stay . Cured. Cau*« re-
/l\ I n IVl /I moved. Health ' restored.
rlV.I lll'IMNo 1 more Asthm- or Hay
PilRFH w Fr *"'
L»UI\l_LI ]> HAROLD HATES.,
v *" "nuffalo.- N. J. , K-"J(
TTEEKLY CAI.L,-?1.00 PEB YEAIL^-
ADVERTISEMENTS. _ ' '^ rtnMM
INTRODUCING" OUR
NEW DEPARTMENTS ' =
NEW WASH GOODS. •
NEW LINENS. -
NEW WHITE GOODSl
NEW LACES.
NEW EMBROIDERIES.
These complete departments are situated in the Geary
street section of our thoroughly remodeled store." It will
' be to your interest to visit these sections to-day and to-
morrow, as we have selected the following items and
marked the prices so low in order to convince you of the
exceptionally tine values we can place before you :
LACE STRIPED TISSUES— N«w spring styles-, white
and tinted grounds in liandsomc woven designs, a large
assortment of colorings and patterns to choose from ; a
regular 25c quality. On special sale.... 4O n VnrH
I ill. 1 /111
¦ WW ¦ Ml « I
WHITE MERCERIZED DAMASSE AND MADRAS—
Strictly importedfabrics : a pretty assortment of designs
to select from; suitable for ladies' waists, suits, etc., and
" for children's wear. Regular 35c qual- ftr n VnrH
ities. On special sale . .». Zuu TulQi
•SCOTCH SUITINGS— The new fabric for ladies' outing
Miits and skirts; many stylish Knickr ir A \/ n J
cr effects to select from. On-special sale. . [Ob I dlu*
WHITE HEMMED SHEETS— Size 81x90 inches; dry
laundered and readv for use f%f\ p 1
BOc Each.
WHITE TABLE DAMASK— 70 inches wide, heavy qual-
ity with satin finish: different patterns nt /%r| \f nr J
to select from. On special sale Oil UU TulQi
In the New Embroidery Section.
3000 yards of swiss nainsook and cambric embroid-
eries, half flounces from 14 to 27 inches wide; beautiful
needlework : made in St. Gall ; suitable for skirtings and
now so extensively used for corset cover- f)ft ft \t J
ings; regular value 50c. 75c. Si. Sale Price £jC lulUi
Point Venise all-over net. both in ecru and white, now
so extensively used for yoke waists: the new' lace depart-
ment will show over fifty styles, all of which are specially
I $1.50, $1*25, Sl.00, 75c the Yard.
i\ $
i J€* iJ* JJ€tV£S & Co %
% ConSeary St and Srantdve. I
: HALE'S. | - .' . -
This $2i95 Opportunity in
Walking Skirts.
.5° ofjh? m .g e *.firji mention this morning.
The last lot of a big New York maker's spring styles. Not
enough for a full line,not enough for him to bother with. You
will see the value as quickly as we did when he offered them- to
us. That's why we would like to. have you; come this morning..
The skirts are! those smart gray and blue mixtures with panel front: each
gore has a wide-pointed strap runninjr over the hips three-quarters or tne way
down, finished with cloth-covered, buttons. We had one tried on. *>« «f ve
never seen a skirt at $5.00 or more that fit or hung more perfectly. Then see now
they are tailored; every seam bound, every stitch taken carefully.
It's a skirt for shopping, or tramping, or you may be thinking of going to
the fair; the very thing to wear to the grounds every day. no dragging or
catching the dirt or no train to be stepped t on. ' You . will be in a hurry, you
know. J 2. 9 5 to-day. And by the way, V *~:
The New Dusters Have Come.
Some, at $3.95, so'me- at- $7.50. Some of natural linen, some
of gray brilliantine; almost as elaborate as dresses. A new
idea to have capes over the shoulders, a belt with buckles, large
bishop sleeves. x
If you're going to St. Louis get one. .It will more than save Its cost in
protecting your dress on the long, dusty ride.
MILLINERY — // you are go- Unusual 'Advantages in
ing to make your ozvn hat,; Qas Q | obes To=Day.
come and get hints from those . ,
¦it % j I T77 25c globes at 15c.
you will find here. We are 40c and 45c ones at 25c.
glad to have you ; do it— glad 75C oncs at 4 5 C -
, , , . . ' Maybe you have some that need re-
i tO help you in any Way we Can. placing. See how well Hale's can do it.
' " . ¦ " 85c Oaa globes at 15c are of embossed
Sa!e Pictures. ln y 6 S t\n gl *% s fancy * ben shap -' 4
On a Bargain Table To-Day. <°* S?S,,?S S8S. 'ift^f-S,
They're all framed, pretty pic- vcr etched patterns. 4 and 5 inJ
tures that would be bargains at sizes 25c each,
half more. VVe took the whole line. *5c g- f £>« •*„«« "e^n the new
See how quickly they will go. to- blue, satin finish. In 4 in. size,
day. ¦
't..m Firstat 29c - The New Draw Braids
Little- water-colored and. black and
white pictures, all framed. Some 1% Are here
Sitrfoui l^ m Zti h re\t W Z A^Tt^ they're what you want for lace
made. collars. The prices should attract
Other swell black wood 2% in. you now. Less than you will pay
frames. They will add tone and beauty elsewhere and we can't duolicate
to any room. "Moonlight Views on the J^^n^e, ana we can t aupncare
Ocean." "Teaching the Baby," "In them again.
Blossom Time." "The Dancing Girl," The new patterns are in white,
some, of the subjects. There are scores cream, Arabian and black and the new
of others. But the prettiest will go gun-metal shade. Prices are from 3c to
quickly, so come early if you can. 10c yd.
At 36c are 12x12 in. pictures in brass Silver beads at 15c bunch,
frames, glass-mounted with gold Steel beads at 10c bunch,
mats. ' „ ¦' t , Black Jet beads are 5c. - They're be-
75c; regular $1.25 pictures. Black and ing used extensively for collars.
gilt frames, subjects are in black Here are jewels to trim collars at 5o
a • w hite, new Ideas. 75c instead doz. More and more women are recog-
of $1.-5. nizinsr the resourceful helpfulness of
— — ' . . .r this Hale art goods store.
Candy Extra!
Molasses, vanilla. and strawberry. Imf J/Brj^^ 1 \ j
It's the good old-fashioned kind, GOOt^»?^
pure and good. It's an extra* to-day. ¦ -^*^
20c lb: ' . Market Street, Near Sixth.
MARKS BROS.
SALE TO=DAY
.:.IN.:.
WOMEN'S
PERCALE
WRAPPERS
lliPijii • ¦ H i P
.WRAPPER,
fill 1 AS
II I SELLS TO-DAY
Jill fifa
A*Q1 Of} WOMEN'S PER CAL£
" l :. V ' •* U ¦ WRAPPERS, in floral de-
signs;; bretelles trimmed i with double
rows of braid; a good $1.50 quality.
A* Q1 AX WOMEN'S ii WRAPPERS.
¦ "y, y ' '.T' y 'of splendid percale, dou-
ble bretelles, tastily trimmed; with good
washable and' braid of, con-
trasting colon; a good $ 1. 75 <juality.\
At ..- 1 4000 yards of LINEN: T0R-
¦ CH0N LACE, 3 inches
Zl4T* 4 Mr/rfe ' our re 9 ufar ¦ We,
"*w quality. 'Special to- 'An
•; day at::... .:.:...:.... .^y
per yd. | -¦ r -' -¦- __^__
MAFiKS BROS^
• ' The Home of Honest Values. •
1 22fii&2~1 224 Marked St: