Will Remove' Beet Sugar riant.
BINGHAMTON.'N.Y., April 3.—
The work ' of dismantling the Bing
hamton beet sugar ; factory, which is
to be removed, to • BlackfooU 5 Idaho,
will be begun within 1 a;few; days." ,
The change is made 'because it; has
been difficult to persuade the farmers
here'to>raise eriough:beeta to success
fully operate the plant. '; i ., •"..."• . : * : : .
KJ LLS HIMSELF VVHEX
RE,IECTEi) BY WOMAX
• BAKERSFIELD, April 3.— Albert J.
Pierce, an employe of the Kern County
Land Company, committed suicide . in
this city at noon to-day. He had asked
a woman acquaintance to take a walk
with him and when .eh'e refused he
whipped out a pistol and fired a bullet
through his brain without warning.
He was a single man about 35 years of
age and leaves a brother. E.L. Pierce,
at Signal. Arizona, and a sister, Mrs.
William "Hernie, In San Francisco.
¦U;- 1 Russian Soldiers Superstitious.
/'PA RIS;.: Aprils.— A St. . Petersburg
correspondent' of, •, the:"» Petit I Parisien
says, ¦ thitVthe '; Russian- soldiers; . who
are -"naturally superstitious. '* have : been
deeply^ influenced ' by! a ; , widespread * re;
port ¦' that ' the "Japanese - possess t mag
netic stores capable , of irendering their
adversaries % powerless.; ,; Officers^.'; are
endeavoring -;to>. restore ./..confidence
among* .the., men, Awho'^are r. convinced
that^they,.- are 'fighting; against sor
cerers., t. ._..,.;."•*....:: :¦; *lV\oVi ¦'.•'•
. ,• .TSITSIHR,' Manchuria,' JV'ednesday.
Mafch '¦ "t 23jp-Xpur_ '{ correspondent; met
here the 1 first' batch of:' Japanese prison
ers] taken during the.war,"* who 'are *en
route^to ¦Chita t : where i;they -.will i.be.ide^
tatned. ;=The ; prisoners a , major
of the; Japanese ; general fstaff,*. his
and-'jaVymaid 5 ; and '- seven f .'soldiers, '-.who
were;; captured* in : Korea_;by "Cossacks?
5The^iwere.^^aylfy}fg^a^dj&a_i«^ 1 ap-!
peared'to be greatly •; depressed and Bad
at -the: prospect of long lmprlsohraeht. , ;
*]Thel majori apparently -Vwaa* ignorant
of fdreignlan&uages,' but'his wifespoke
Russian, ;claiming!that' shel had'Iearned
i«in ' school ' In -Toklb.""; This- statement:
together * with? information < given jthe
correspondent,' lndicatedlthat-.the' pris
onerp had • been ' attached \ to » the Japan-;
esel Secret"! Service,^ though \ the* woman
denied that* her; husband -had^sketched
the s'cehe [of prospective operations^ . \ • ,
The .release, of ' the -Fawan "' lmmedi;
ately.v before \ the » case was - forced upon
the .' cognizance ; of ithe v British ¦ Consul;
contributes - to ;-;the i amelioration * of
new situation 1 which t'has arisen -In* the
past two 'days ; through ; the 'arrest 'and
detention- for some* hours: of a British
conductor/of the Chinese railway at** a
station ohtthe west * side of ;the driver,
outside of theporflimits. ; This incident;
together, •* with f « the £ detention -J of r. the
Fawan,^ has * the"< stay ; of - toe
British jBunboattEspiegle/ which . is? In
terpreted hy * some as] a ; British "recon
sideration"i of "Russian , jurisdiction ? over
Newchwang. as provided in the declara
tion "of -martial; law. , , .i£*Via;
NEWCHWANG. April 3.— The'press
boat Fa wan, placed under arrestyester-'
day, was •released by; order "of
General Kuropatkin.'. -The Fawan was
detained because' she .. had ' passed -."be 1
tween the."lines,*having't f ome"indirectly
from ;; Chemulpo. ;1 She ¦ '"was] released * on
condition that she-leave port.- Her/re
lease . was / brought'.: about wholly :•; by
United StateR'Consul.H.B.' Miller,. who
has the confidence of- the Russian I aii
thoritles. V ' : ~ -V'vj. "' v \'-. r<i ' : .'V:' r:i .
AMERICA^ CONSUL : - ¦:
OBtAINS^EnEASE WM
of;british craft
Defective Heating I'lant Is Cause of
a Disaster That Has Fatal
j Results.
MARSHALLTOWN. la* April 3.—
An explosion in the Citizens' National
Bank bulMincr at Albia to-day resulted
in three persons being killed and sev
eral injured. The dead: . 'C "
R. RAMSEY. ' 'I
EDWARD DOUGHERTY.
RICHARD GRIMES.
The explosion is supposed to have
been in the heating plant. Beside the
bank building a clothing store and two
groceries were destroyed by fire.
i:.\ PLOSION' IS BANK
KILLS TiniEE PEOPLE
"Each and every one of Mr. Watson's
charges, (if they, can be so called) as
they have been presented. to me is false.
They are about as far, from truth a?
they can be. and they , were made,7I
have no doubt, without the least rea
son to believe them.to.be true and cer-_
tainly in a spirit of which even Mr.
Watson ought to be ashamed.
"Yours very truly,. ' ,
"GROVER CLEVELAND."
RICHM6ND, Va., April 3.— In scath
ing terms former President Grover
Cleveland denies the charges made by
Tom E. Watson to the effect that he
invited Fred Douglass, a negro, to a re
ception and signed a bill providing for
mixed schools while Governor of New
York. His letter is in reply to one from
William E. Abe,rnathy of Chase City.
Va. It bears date of Princeton, March
27," and reads as follows: . ,
"Will E. Abernathy, Esq.: Dear Sir—
My attention has been several times
called to the statements of Tom E.
Watson to the effect that Fred Douglass
was invited to my wedding | reception
and further that while Governor I sigh
ed a bill providing for mixed schools;
I have : already written • two or three
letters denying these allegations . and
do not propose to spend any more time
denying statements so absurd and
emanating from so 1 Impossible y.
Former President Makes
Sharp Reply to the Al
legation of Tom Watson
CAPE HATTIEN, April 3. — A dis
patch received here from Monte
Cristi, Saato Domingo, reports that
General Rodriguez, being without am
munition, abandoned the town and
embarked on the German steamer
Hespania for St. Thomas. This news
is confirmed by the Dominican Consul
here. ' * ,'.;'""
It is rumored that Generals Rodri
guez and Navarro, having abandoned
President Morales, are trying to start
a movement in favor of former Pres
ident Horatio Vasquez.
It Is Rumored That Officer Has De
serted the Cause of -:;.'V> '
Morale*!.
GEXEHAL ROimiCiUISZ
ISOAKDS GERMAN* SHIP
CHARGES FALSE,
SAYS CLEVELAND
"The action," Bald an attorney prom
inently ' connected with the Securities
company to-night, "means that the
Harriman interests are at' last openly
attempting to block a dissolution of
the SecuriUes company and to force
their method upon President Hill.
"It is undoubtedly the beginning of a
sharp fight, which has every prospect
of mixing affairs in an exceedingly un
fortunate way. The petition will be
filed to-morrow morning in the Circuit
Court and Judge Sanborn will un
doubtedly hasten proceedings, since it
Is the request and desire of all the va
ried Interests. It is probable that the
petition will be returnable within ten
"These papers were drawn late Sat
urday afternoon. Judge Baldwin of
Omaha. Mr. Harriman's legal repre
sentative, asked the court how long Uie
present session would continue and was
informed that it would probably labt
until May 1. He thereupon notified the
court of his intention to present the
petition.. We were also informed that
the action of Interests tending to inter
vene Involves a method to be followed
in distributing the stock of the Nor
thern Pacific and Great Northern held
by the Northern Securities Company
and means a further delay, perhaps of
an important nature, in closing up the
affair*; of the holding "company."
Judge Baldwin refuses to make any
Ktatement other than to outline in a
Keneral way that the object of the In
tervenors is to insure a return of the
shares of the Northern Pacific delivered
to th*> Securities company and to pre
vent a ratable distribution of the Great
Northern.
BT. PAUL. Minn.. April 3. — Attor-
C«>-s for E. H. Harriman have notified
counsel for the Northern Securities
Company of their intention to file with
the United States Circuit Court a pe
tition for intervention in the distribu
tion of the securities stock. The pe
tition has been prepared and probably
*nll be presented to-morrow.
Harriman asserts that in the forma
tion of the Securities company he de
posited Northern Pacific st«v-k. and he
objects to being paid in part Northern
Pacific and the balanw? in Groat North
ern share?, as planned by Hill. Should
Harriman succeed in getting back ali
of his Northern Pacific stock he will
control the road, while Hill's plan, if
It go through, will leave the Hill in
terests in control of both the Northern
Pacific and Great Northern.
The petition, which is signed by E. H.
Harriman and Winslow S. Pierce, act
ing aa trustees for the Oregon Short
Line, asks the court to direct the
Northern Securities Company to return
to the original shareholders the North
ern Pacific stock exchanged for North
ern Securities stock at the time of the
formation of that company.
M. D. Grover. counsel for the North
ern Securities Company, said to-night,
when questioned concerning the peti
tion:
Er*ci«l Dirp«fh to Th<» C«l
"During the "-inspection made by
Viceroy -Alexieff. ; he visited the battery,
on Electric CJiff and presented to the
commander an, old bronze cross", sent
by a Moscow . woman, .who requested'
that it be 'erected, on > the most danger-!
oua part of the fortress." ; f*£fi
NEWCHWANG; ; April." 3. —.Viceroy
Alexleff passed ,. through r Talachao. to
day. He js , reported: to be 'returning
from his visit to Port: Arthur. .; ; . %*t
VLADIVOSTOK,' 'April , 3.— The. com-,
mandant has, published an order in^the
Russian, Chinese and Korean languages
to the effect' that ;he will sink any. ves
sel attempting 'to 'enter "the" port at
night. - . : - ¦ \ '
ST. PETERSBURG, April 3.— A cor
respondent at Port Arthur, telegraphed
to-day as follows: ; < « . . -
"The Chinese prophesying n^w at
tempts to block ;the channel" are. at
the present. moment awed. All Is quiet
in port, and the A situation is unchanged
throughout -the peninsula. .
"Deposits of coal similar to that of
Cardiff, Wales, 'have been found, in the
vicinity of Port Arthur. The discovery.
Is an extremely timely one, in view of
the necessity, -of- obtaining, '_an ample
supply of fuel for the fleet. *
"Indignation ..prevails here over the
publication; by the. daily press of Hong
kong of untrue reports concerning.Rus
sia and of victories -by the Japanese,
which excite the. Chinese against Rus
sia. . . ¦,."•' .- • ¦ • ¦ '.". ¦ .'.". ',,'>", '
PORT ARTHUR. April, 3.-r-Prepara
tions have. been made to give the Jap-'
anese a warm, reception in case they,
again attempt* to . block the .harbor.'
Vice Admiral Tcgo was. right in sur
mising that' Vice Admiral Makaroff Is
responsible for. the change in Russian
naval tactics and \ the inspiration of
Russian . seamen. : - . "' ;
• ."There . is .'no question of Russia*3
right to. declare Newchwang in a state
of; siege: This. Is purely an internal
Russian ,-affair. . We need no. approval
of. our. : action * in -this . matter, nor .' will
we: notice any protest : if made. -which
is highly improbable. Manchuria was
declared to be the possible'' scene of
war/ ; ahd wherever our troops are ..we
haye'the right to' act as we. think; best.
We /have a garrison . at Newchwang.
and .consequently can : take " any r «tep3
there we think necessary."
Regarding the declaration of martial
law at Newchwang an official of the
Foreign Office is thus quoted ' by the
Novosti: -.:'• "' -.- ¦ ¦ .
f : ST. PETERSBURG. April • 4.— The
Russky Vldomosti's - correspondent at
the front says that Russians' lining in
Manchuria^, descredit -the Peking Gov
ernment's /observance of the declara
tion of neutrality. Every Siberian set
tler and evc^y* Russian soldier believes
thercwill be" warlwlth China. The set
tlers, .who: are" bitter against the Chi
nese, as* well' as the Japanese; say
thing's must soon '. be settled once for
all,", else a few; years" hence- new trou
bles will arise. MMJBHBBpT^ffflBPffy
LOOK UPON WAR
[ -WITH MONGOLIANS
? AS A CERTAINTY
• -,It'.is reported that the ice. on" the
.Talu is well broken up and In the\,fu
ture the, river must be. crossed either
in. Junks or over pontoon bridges.
Russian patrols are reported to b?
in. the country east of the Peking road,
but it is not probable, tnat there is
any considerable force of Russians in
that section. The patrols are. withdraw
ing gradually to'the northward, toward
the Taiu. ¦^s^mXf^SA^Mm^fwmb
Chnngju, because of its superior nat
ural surroundings, is .the strongest
place between Pingyang and Wiju. Be
sides, these natural advantages. 'there
is, an old Korean fort there.- which, had
it been defended with ; spirit. . would
havb been hard to take. The Japanese
are gratified at the. comparative ease
with . which , they drove the Russians
from rthls fort. .. ..- - . ;
TOKIO,' April 3.— The advance guarA
of the Japanese army in Northwestern
Korea the town of Sengcheng
yesterday afternoon^ withou.t JcrppoSi
tion. Sengcheng is on the Peking road,
eighteen miles west ! of Chongjn and
about forty miles southc-f* Wiju.-
When-the Japanese drove the Rus
sians out of ChonsrJu last Monday, the
Russians withdrew In two columns.'one
going over the Koaksan road and the
other over -the Peking road.. The Jap
anese advance from Chongju was 'made
very rapidly^ It was expected that
the "Russians would resist advance, but
they failed to do so, and now it Is
not probable that there will be any
further opposition south of the Talu
River. : , .
COMESPQNDMT; i • •
:: ? ;;SEEs:THEtEiBST :
?/ v^ OF WAB
SANTIAGO DE CHILE. April 3.— It
now;, transpires that during, the' recent
visit of Baron" Fujishima, the eminent
Japanese, statist, ,to South. -American
capitals :a '"commercial, compact", of
great- political -significance was ar
ranged/ between" the "• governments ' of
Toklo ,; and; Chile, .the exact letter of
which yet remains a secret of- the ad-^
ministration here. "Gradually, however,'
it has -leaked out that/ in 'future inter-:
national questions where/south Ameri
can interests are concerned I Japan may
be. expected to,-, support Chile's claim
to thq exercise- of a dominating voice,
in return for which pledge' the >San
tiago Government will undertake-to in
duce -the 'republic; of Ecuador, iinste'ad
"of j selling, the j Gallapagos-. archipelago
to Gernia'ny. or the" United SMtes,. to
transfer. the; islands to Japan for^use.as
a navair.Btation, comman'dhig ? the
cific' "entrance; to \the'bay'-of Panama
and- the 3hter oceanic^ canal. : - \ - ! * , /
¦ The; CHileans regard thereported'deal
as, a great:diplomatlc;Vlctprjr over, the
.Washington Government, /which would
never j pefrriit'a; formal 'transfer of ", the
sovereignty- of 'the ".Gallapagos by-Ecua>
'dqr • to ¦<jChiIe." J ; t fipygh "' the *- latter f or . tu
number* of 'years has":held 'an option on
them ; un'der tk mortgage 'I XoX secure 'pay
ment,'for jarms-'aridarnmuriitipn'sold by
this 1 " r'epubiio^tOiJEcu^dor by; the late
'President"; atontt.-^Foip diplomatic, rea
s'ohs-rto^forcey.thev Arnericans" to j show
their- hand^rChlle .upon^several -occa
sions 'ehcouraged^EcuayTor." to "offer ¦ the
archipelago .^toV, Germany,, i.when r - the
Unlted^States c in ; case ; promptly
raised ¦ an' objection.^ ItMs not- expect e.d
,that : ln*.the" present -Instance, .however,
the ;* Washington' administration will'in
terfere.; * ~ . " ' '. "' '' . ' ; ¦'¦ ;
Special Cabl»> to The Call and' New York Her J
, , nld. '...¦. Copjrisht, 1904,. by the New York
"Herald Publlshlns Company.; .. !
;' 'A "speciali dispatch* from Mukden is
to the; effect »that Japanese v have ar
rived'* there ' from Blagovestctiensk and
state' that they, were "well treated:
They -left-several' ill -behind "them.
A correspondent at Tinkow says the
opinion' 'prevails there -that' -the t Jap
anese "wUKnot, bombard; that place be
cause 5 '99 ; per;, cent; of *theYpopulation
13 s . tnade ?up: of • Chinese.^who" are not
"at"* war.' with" Japan, rand • because. "a
shell "from the Japanese ships would
be'sure to, strike' the* residence of the
United 'States Consul, who. is: safe
guarding:-.'Japanese;interests. , . -
-'tThe? same -~c6irrespondent ' .humor
ously, ""describes ')'_ the , . 'speculation
among.' the" 'British?,, correspondents
there * as r to "whether, ¦/ the : ¦ victorious
Japanese,.* after -defeating ' the , •' Rtia
giaTi"army,iwill-stop in China'br go on
to' IrkutsK.; . ;, . ." " ° :; . .-
;.-;.-An? American house is going to sup
ply . tinned provisions' to''--' the .' value • of
1,125,000. rubles. • •. ~ ~ r - - ;
- .Baron: "von Rosen reached here yes
terday. ,_ , . ;, ' ¦
ST.^PETERSBURG, April^. — On
what ought to' be' considered' reliable,
information," it*- is • stated here that
four -ships., of the. cruiser " type; built
for. the "Turkish. Government by Ger-^
many -and also two* cruisers -built by.
Frahce_ have been purchased by Rus-|
sia'atjhe' price -of i40.000.000 rubles
($20,000,000), the terms being that
all be delivered here within a short
•period: ' It' is' assefted T tha't'Zinovfeff,
Embassador at Constantinople, made
'all; arrangements concerning' the first
• four.-;; '¦•¦. '"• • • ¦¦'¦ , • ¦' v "- '•• :: '
' This further signifies an intentional
mark' "of the good will of 'Germany
'toward "Russia. ¦' ¦' ' '•¦ '
I As soon as the' Neva- is clear of ice,
the "battleships, Souvaroff arid ' Slava, :
In course- of construction .at the Bal
tic .-: works;. "the | battleships j Borodino
and*VOrel, "at .the Franco-Russian
•works,; and' the , cruisers Melegjand
the transport Kamchatka, • at the new
Admiralty- yards, will.be sentrto Kron
stadt for -completion. .", The ,- cruisers
Zhemchug. and Izumrud and the bat
tleships'. Sissoi I Voliky , and slmperator
Alexander II /are" already there'-and
Are ' .being | prepared | for commission.
•These -ships will rform .'part of -the
fleet; which" is: destined ' to - • reinforce
•ViceT Admiral ' Makaroff s r; fleet " > next
summer/ ¦' o :* . ; '; *
Sp«cial .Cable 'to The Call and New .York
Herald. Copyright, 1P04. by the New 'York
Herald Publishing Company. ' « ¦ '
lows:
August Puls, Supervisor; Herr
Haa.«ch, chairman Board of Super
visors; William C. Wegner, Supervisor;
Jacob Schulz, Supervisor; Louis R.
I Stillberg. plumbing contractor; . J.
Marion; Adam Kreuter of- Chicago;
Edward Strauss, Supervisor; • Joseph
A. Schunk. former Supervisor, and
Adam Moeder.
The testimony upon which the indict
ments were brought related to alleged
illegal acts in c-onqection with work on
I the County Hospital. The original es-
J tiniate on the cost of the building was
| $80,000. while the actual cost was $175.
000. The buildfng is still incomplete
and more money will have to be ex
pended.
Investigation Shows That Officials
Were Involved hi County Hos
pital Scandal.
MILWAUKEE. April 3.— The indict
ments returned by the Grand Jury at
its final session are directed against
ten individuals, the list being as fol-
GRAND JURY INDICTS
MILWAUKEE SUPERVISORS
PORT ARTHUR PREPARES
FOR TOGO'S NEXT
ONSLAUGHT.
JAPAN AND CHILE NE
GOTIATE A REMARK
ABLE TREATY.
BROWN ARMY IS NEAR
RUSSIAN BASE ON
THE FRONTIER.
GERMANY AND FRANCE
SELL WARSHIPS TO
THE CZAR.
Ohio Organization Scores Proposed
Arbitration Arrangement Between
- America and Britain.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, April 3.— The
Irish Nationalists of this city have
adopted strong resolutions protesting
against an arbitration treaty between
the United States and Great Britain.
The views of George Washington rel
ative to the danger of alliances with
foreign powers is cited and "the opin
ion is expressed that such a treaty
between, the United States^and Great
Britain would be an undesirable con
dition to the others of the European
powers and would tend to disrupt and
destroy the friendly relations that now
exist between the United States and
those countries.
A copy of the protest will be sent
to Senators Foraker and Dick.
NATIONALISTS SPEAK
AGAINST A TREATY
VICEROY OP INDIA, LiHiiiSER^FlB SCENE IN*. THE ' MAN'CIIURIAN WAR DISTRICT.
The Mormon - village, it is . related;
was thrown/ Into a state of great ex
citement by the raid of the outlaw band
and much eurorise was occasioned by
the reappearance of Juan Colorado,
who was reported to have been killed
several months ago by Rurales. A
large reward was offered for his cap
ture, but the Sierra. Madres afforded
him a hiding place where it is almost
impossible for the troops to overtake
him.
EL PASO, Texas, April 3. — Pros
pectors returning here from the Sierra
Madres of Mexico bring the story of
another raid by the bandit Juan Colo
rado and his company of cut- throats.
The outlaws swooped down upon the
Mormon village of Don Felipe, which
occupies a fertile valley 'traversed by
the Rio Aros, and looted several
rancnes, carrying off three Mormon
woman who were the wives of a prom
inent elder of the colony.
The raiders fled into the mountains
and obtained a start of five hours
ahead of the Mexical Rurales and a
Mormon posse who pursued them. The
avengers followed the trail almost two
days and tracked the fugitives to their
main camp, high up in the Sierras.
Plans were made for an attack upon
the camp to rescue the women, but
the bandits escaped in the night,
leaving the women behind in a cave
which was fitted up as a dwelling
place and had evidently been used as
a rendezvous by the outlaws.
The women were recovered un
harmed and a search of the cavern re
vealed a number of silver bars which
had been stolen from pack trains. These
barn were valued at several thousand
dollars. The Mormons abandoned pur
suit of tlip outlaws After recovering the
women, but the Rurales continued the
chase.
Special Diipatch to TTie Call.
The Postmaster General's health has
been badly undermined by the long and
trying postal investigations, and he
was in.no shape to withstand the at
tacks occasioned by the publication of
the Bristow report. Newspaper criti
cism of his official conduct had caused
him more or less worry, but it was a^
nothing compared with the effect of
the assaults made upon him on the
floor of the House.
' Representative Burleson of Texas
called him a criminal and Representa
tive Clayton of Georgia twice referred
to him as a "distinguished Imbecile."
These and other personal epithets ap
plied to the Postmaster General occa
sioned him great distress of mind.
Advices from the slok room to-day
indicated that the Postmaster General
is in a critical condition. His doctor*
have abandoned the Idea, for the time
being, of getting him South.,,. ¦"¦
Few people, here 'expect 1 that General
Payne « will. ever, resume his work-in
the Postoffice Department. Even should
he recover his healthy which -Is regard
ed as exceedingly, "doubtful. ' it T is hot
thought that he- will care to go back
to the department. It is well known
that he is heartily sick of the whole
business , and would have resigned
months ago If conditions would have
permitted 1 it.
"WASHINGTON, April 3.— Postmaster
General Henry C. Payne is desperately
ill at the Arlington Hotel and his close
friends say it is exceedingly doubtful
if he will recover. They ascribe hi"
present critical condition to the per
sonal attacks made on him in Congress
during the past three weeks in connec
tion with the postoffice scandals.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HARHIM1N
PREPARES
TO FIGHT
On the floor below- slept Arthur Guise,
controller of the household, and Cap
tains Graham and Bell, aids de camp.
Controller Guise was awaKened by the
i oaring of flames. H*» grave the alarm
and with his brother officers tried to
cxtinJruiFh the flames with the house
hold apparatus. Falling in this they
Called in the city brigade, wbo, after a
t«t hours' Tight, put out the fire.
At one lime the <-ontroller and the
two aids, who had mounted the door,
were in great danger, the flames having
cut off their retreat. They were res
cued by firemen.
The fire occurred at an early hour.
The Countess Minto was carried from
her room in the front of the building
to the ground floor to await the out
come of events. The bearers were do
mestics, who acted under the orders of
the Governor General.
In the meantime Ladies Eileen and
Vjolet Elliott, daughters of the Gov
ernor General; the Hon. Esmond El
liott, the young son: Miss Seymour,
a guest, and the Governor himself had
barely tfme to escape in their night
robes. They occupied the second floor
cf the new wing. «"* ;
OTTAWA. Ont-. April 3. — The new
irtns of R12eau Hall, the official res
"fierce of, the Governor, was destroyed
bj* fire to--day. Great anxiety was first
Jelt for the safety of Lady Mlnto, who
vts lying 1 in one of the apartments
with a. fractured leg, but her removal
.¦*ra6 accomplished without difficulty.
The Iocs is about J50.009.
'Portion of Ridean Hall, the Official
. Residence in Ontario, Destroyed
by the Flames.
Permanent Retirement From Public
i. ,
Work Certain in Possible Event 1
of His Recovery. ,
Bars of Silver Worth Thousands of
Dollars Found^n a Cavern in '
the Mexican Mountains.
Governor-General and His
. Daughters Flee in-
Night Robes.
Posses Chase Desperadoes
and Prisoners Are
Rescued.
Harsh Comment Endangers
tne Lile of Cabinet
Official,
Postmaster Generals
Friends Fear Uie
End Nears.
Wives of Mormons
Are Stolen by
Bandits.
Lady Minto Narrowly
Escapes Death
in Ottawa.
COUNTESS
IS CARRIED
FROM FIRE
CRITICISM
DRIVES HIM
NEAR DEATH
OUTLAWS
CAPTORS
OF WOMEN
JAPANESE ARE WITHIN FORTY MILES OF YALU;
RUSSIA BUYS SIX NEW CRUISERS IN EUROPE
War News Continued on Pa«e t.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
— — t * jnr j^. - , _/ .
¦ Forec*it^m»de_«i Ba»"Fr»n
clsco for. thirty- hoars ending
mldnlsht, April 4:
San rrancleco and vicinity—
Pair; . warmer ISonday ; lirht
northwest wind.
o. e. wxutsoxr,
Xiocal Porecarter.
The San Francisco Call
THE THSATSSS.
Alcazar— "On v the Quiet."
California — "McFadden'» Flati."
Central — "Around " the "World la
Eig-hty Days."
Chutes— -Vaudeville. ¦- ,
Colombia — Anna Held.
Pischer's— "Kismet."
Grand — "Divorcon*.? ...
Mechanics' Pavilion— Korri* and
- - Bowa'i Circus.
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Stein way Hall — "Hamlet." '
Tiveli— "Mr. Pickwick."
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, APRIL 4; 1904:
VOLUME XCV— NCV126.Suspected Crook Captured.
•SEVT TORK. April 3.— Mrs. George J. Gbuld,
•who w«« operated ¦ on for appendicitis, con
tinues to Improve. . ; . ?>
TACOMA,? April 3. — Oriental ad
vices received to-day contain details
of the loss of the German steamship
Deuteros, which was wrecked on the
rocks in Paracels Straits in February,
while en route from Saigon to Hong
kong. One passenger had a presenti
ment of approaching danger and
asked||he captain to exercise care in
passing through the narrow channel
between .the islands. The captain
laughed and declared that there was
no danger. Soon after the steamer
struck the rocks, grinding her hull for
a long, distance on the rpugh bottom.
Captain Schmidt made a hasty ex
amination which showed eighteen feet
of water In the ' hold and the vessel
sinking fast. Boats were instantly
lowered, the. Chinese crew taking pos
session of the first two despite the ef
forts of the officers ! to quiet them.
Seventeen passengers . and the officers
went into later boats,:,' the' captain be
ing last to leave the. [steamer. The
captain's boat returned and secured
provisions, rockets fand oil and the
ship's books. -^ The.; boats were then
tied together to , prevent them sepa
rating in high seas then running.
The Deuteros got off the rocks and
drifted down the channel after the
boats, but her lights disappeared
in the early morning, indicating 'that
she had sunk. After drifting thirty
hours a light was seen approaching
and three rockets were fired. Two
failed, but the third went into the air.
In three minutes it was answered and
the Dutch steamer Laertes, bound for
Saigon, picked up the castaways. By
Captain Schmidt's good management
every soul was saved. • ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Two men, masked with handker
chiefs, entered and robbed the saloon
and grocery of J. H. O'Brien, 471
Shotwell street, about 10 o'clock last
ntgfit.
O'Brien and two customers were j in
the barroom when two robbers, one
wearing a red handkerchief and the
other a white one over his face, entered
and, at the. points of revolvers, ordered
the crowd to throw up their hands.
James O'Callahan, one of the" cus
tomers, was rather deliberate in rais
ing his hands, whereupon, one of the
robbers fired at him. The shtft missed,
however, and the thief struck O'Calla
han on the head with the butt end of
his revolver, knocking him to the floor.
Dan Ford and O'Brien were searched
and a gold watch and $4 in coin taken
from Ford. O'Brien had no money on
his person. The thugs next robbed the
till, from which they got $5 or $6.
As soon as the thieves had left the
saloon O'Brien fan for his revolver,
which he usually keeps behind the bar.
He was unable to find it there, but
later located it in his room behind the
store.
As soon as he found his revolver,
O'Brien ran out Into the street and fired
several shots in the air. '
In less than ten minutes a patrol
wagon, carrying a squad of police from
the Mission station, was on the spot,
but the culprits had made good their
escape. ' \ £
Detectives Fitzgerafd, Dinan and
Wren were detailed on the case, but as
yet no arrests have been made.
O'Callahan's injuries are slight.
The only countries now enjoying the
privileges which Embassador McCor
mick Is striving to obtain for ths
United States are Germany, Greece,
Bulgaria and Italy.
6T. PETERSBURG, April 3,—Em
bassador McCormick is negotiating
•with the Foreign Office for a treaty
with Russia which will give to United
States corporations the right to sue in
Russian courts and to Russian corpor
ations the right to Bue in courts of the
United States. Under the Russian law
United States corporations can be sued
but cannot sue In the courts of the
empire^ This haa caused United States
firms great annoyance as well as losses
In the past. In addition the Embassa
•dor hopes to secure in the treaty a
broad clause which will give to the
United States corporations all privi
leges In whatever character now enjoy
? t<J by the corporations of any foreign
country.
Although there are difficulties in the
way of accomplishing: the desired re
sult, the Embassador's advances have
been met in the friendliest manner and
the indications are that bis negotia
tions will terminate successfully.
Captain of the Deuteros Ig
nores Warning of Voyager
and Vessel Strikes Rocks
Enter Barroom and Order
Proprietor ' and Customers
to Throw Up Their Hands
HcCormick Desires Ameri
can Corporations Be Al
lowed Action in Courts
BOLD THIEVES
RAID A SALOON
E. H. Harriman it preparing to
abolish the local offices of the Union
Pacific Company by consolidating
them with those of the Southern Pa
cific* It is reported on good author
ity that - Harrimah would have con
solidated the offices several months
ago when he was here, and in fact
he seriously considered the matter
until he learned that, the Union Pa
cific Company's lease- in the Masonic
Temple has still two years to run and
it was not certain whether a : change
would mean a loss to the company.
It is now reported that he has given
instructions to his officials here to en
deavor to llnd some one who will take
the remaining portion of the lease off
his hands, and that when they succeed
an order merging the -Union Pacific
passenger and freight offices into the
local agencies of the Southern Pacific
Company will immediately follow. -In
that event the last of the Union Pa
cific Company's agencies on this coast
will have disappeared.
Several years ago Harriman in
timated his intention ot closing 1 the
local office of the Union Pacific Com
pany, but the proposition brought a
hurried protest from other lines on
the ground that such a move would
give the company as well as the
Southern Pacific ; Company , an unfair
advantage in the scramble for passen
ger traffic in that it would at once cre
ate for the Union Pacific ; Company
about two thousand new agencies on
.the coast, for every station along the
Southern Pacific j lines would | immedi
ately become the representative of the
other Harriman - line. ; It is evident
that Harriman . had this idea in view
at the time, but only refrained from
carrying it out because | of i threatened
antagonism- from the Gould lines.
Now that-Gould'is looking coastward.
notwithstanding .his assertions to the
contrary, Harriman '¦ feels that he can
make the change and the local agents
of the Union Pacific .Company are
looking anxiously/ for, an order de
claring their offices; on' Montgomery
street out of business.
Purposes to Merge tlic Local Agency
Into That of the Southern
Pacific.
GERMAN SHIP
IS ENGULFED
ASKS RUSSIANS
FOR PRIVILEGE
HARRIMAV WILJj CTX3SE
UXION PACIFIC OPFICE
"Although I left the service of the
Northern -Pacific with deep regret,"
said he yesterday, "I come to San Fran
cisco feeling that I will enjoy the
friendship and the confidence of the
people here. I am not a stranger in
California. I have often visited the
State, understand its conditions fairly
w"ell and have always been an admirer
of its progressive methods. As to my
future connection with the Southern
"Pacific Company, I can say little at
this time, further than that I purpose
to follow as closely as possible the pol
icy of my esteemed predecessor."
Charles Fee f s interest in California
developed some years ago as a result
of his family's frequent visits here in
search of health, and he has never
missed an opportunity of coming West
himself./ As a passenger traffic man he
ranks among the foremost in this coun
try, haying had an experience in this
business in the Northern Pacific Com
pany's territory extending over a pe
riod of twenty-six years. He went to
the Northern Pacific from the Michi
gan Central in 1877, when the former
road had less than 400 miles of line,
part of which was leased, and after
six years' service as secretary to H. E.
Sargent he became the general pas
senger agent of the road, entering on
his duties just as the Jine was becom
ing a transcontinental" route. To him
fell the arduous work of framing poli
cies, making traffic connections and
establishing various systems for the
future suc<^ssful operation of the big
road. For rXp»^.a year his time was al
most etitlrelj^siVotetf'to this Important
work and it -resulted In building up a
business the eciual- of which was en
joyed by few roads of a similar size in
this country. That he is a clever tutor
in the traffic business is suggested by
the large number of prominent pas
senger traffic men. who served un
der him and after graduated out of the
Northern Pacific service to higher po
sitions with other roads. Among these
may be mentioned J. C. Pond, general
passenger acent of the Wisconsin Cen
tral; B. N. Austin, general passenger
agent of the Baltimore and Ohio; A.
L. Craig of the Oregon Railroad and
Navigation Company, and C; E. Stone,
assistant general passenger agent of
the Great Northern.
Charles S. . Fee, former general pas
senger agent of the Northern Pacific
Railroad' and who succeeds E. O. Mc-
Cormick as passenger \ traffic manager
of the Southern Pacific Company, ar
rived from St. Paul yesterday and is
registered at the Palace Hotel. He will
enter, upon his duties at the railroad
building this morning. It was gener
ally expected that Fee would be ac
companied to the coast bv one or> more
of his former" assistants, for it is a cus
tom of prominent railroad officials,
when they make a change from one
road to another, to take several of
their confidential men with them, but
he stated yesterday that he had decid
ed on no* changes, a bit of information
that will greatly relieve the anxiety
prevailing in the passenger department
of the Southern Pacific Company.
Says He Is Not Figuring on
Any Important Changes in
the Passenger Department
HAS SPLENDID RECORD
There is much speculation upon the
identity of the. president of the Na
tional Federation. Mrs. Robert J.
Burdette of Los Angeles and Mrs.
Platt Decker of Colorado are. to all
appearances, leading the race, with
the California clubs boosting the Cali
fornia candidate — by a strange di
version from most political doings.
However, the Knockers are, by the
slow process of absorbtion. becoming
Boosters, and who knows but Cali
fornia may yet redeem her national
reputation for "knockery." And the
women are leading.
On Thursday night the Forum Club
distinguished itself by holding an
evening session; — but be not alarmed
— the men folk were invited, and they
came, too. Whether prompted by
curiosity or by the announcement of
a lecture by Henry Payot, on "An
Evening With the Queen of the Adri
atic" it matters not. They were there
— and what is more, appeared to en
joy it. . " :;;v '
"TMrs. Payot retires from the presi
dency bearing the laurels of two terms
of unprecedented success.v. As a part
ing token she generously lent to the
club her talented husband, who, as
ever, gave a talk that was a treat.
The following are the officers for.
the ensuing year:
President. Mrs. Frank Frederick*; first vice
president Mrs. E. L. WempJe; second vice
president. Mrs. W.' F. Mill*;- third vice presi
dent, Mrs. Charles fGoodalh'Tecordlng secre
tary Mtss Mae W. Shannon: corresponding
secretary. Miss Josephine Fensier; treasurer,
Mrs. A. O. Hastehurst; board of directors —
Mm C. J. Wetmore, . Mrs. L^Roy Hough, Mrs.
C. R. Harens, Mrs. A. P. Van Duzen, Mrs. F.
S. Kelly, 'Mrs. George Bailey. ; ¦-
On Monday last the P. C. W. P. A.
entertained their friends — and they
came in troops, the rain notwith
standing — when a clever skit from the
pen of Mrs. E. M. Foster was pre
sented. Herewith is the programme:
Music, Schumann Club. "A Model Session"—
President— Pinny Pinny Poppy Show— Laura
Y. Pinney; recording secretary — Ananias
Swampem — Genevieve Gleason: corresponding
secretary — Mary Ann Hed Pelter — Dr. Minora
Kibble 1 : Historian Paper Ream, Sara E.
Reamer; Miss Pugnacious Peace, Elizabeth M.
Newman; Mrs. Mike Toopay, Ella M. Sexton;
Widow Doodle, Elmore E. Hoag; Miss Peacha
llne — Parliamentarian from Milpltas — Mary
Fairbrother: Professor R. Milkey Whey, Augus
ta Frledrich; Mrs. Auld Smart Aleck — an ob
jectionable member — Josephine H. Foster. Mu
sic, Schumann Club: reading. Elinore E. Hoag;
cornet solo. Miss Dalton. Tea and talk.
A small contingent of the California
Women's Whist League met on Wed
nesday afternoon for their • regular
game of bowling. Light refreshments
were served during the game and the
lime was enjoyably spent. Among
those present were:
Mrs. Eugene Duffy, Mrs. James T. Osborne,
Mrs, W. A. Richardson, Mrs. Frances Young,
Mrs. F. A. Unz, Mrs. Christenson, Mrs. Mc-
Cartney. . '
* ? *
Laurel Hall Club will hold its usual
meeting on Wednesday afternoon at
Sorosls Club rooms. Mrs. George
Haight, president, ranks among the
cleverest presiding officers In local
clubdom and guest cards to the Lau
rel Hall meetings are always much in
demand.
• • •
For April 7, Madame Emilie Tojetti
announces a programme of unusual
merit, which means much to. those
who know the work presented by the
music section. The subject for the
day will be "The Modern Lyrics of
France" and Gabriel Faure, the most
Important song writer of the French,
will be the principal feature. The
poets who have inspired these songs
will also receive due attention,. as Sil
vestre,. Gautier, Verlaine, Beaudelaire"
and Ilichepin. Mrs. E. L. Hueter will
sing and Fred Maurer Jr. will preside
at the pianoforte.
rent topic* section. Friday, 3:30 p. . m-.
April 29.
The Clionian Club held an interesting
And whilo bestowing posies on the
men let it be known that the Chamber
of Commorce unbended from Its solemn
consideration of the prune combine
and manifested symptoms of giddiness
in its desire to heJp the fete along the
road to success. Then, success to the
fete, success to. the Woman's Club, and
blessings on the men— the indispensable
men. whose ducats make our dreams
take shape! - - ¦ -*
Here, in truth is the ideal duality—
women's energy and men's money. (In
a whisper, I might venture to add — and
then the lovel-headedness.)
"Woman's Club" that It may sustain
tht- reputation of the Garden City be
fore a critical populace. Will the club
succeed? Just go down there on Thurs
day and see!
Aproptrs of the men, and the part
thpy play, after the women have
aroused thorn— now. frankly, men-folk,
isn't that right?— they are really and
truly competent, relevant and material
—that 15. after they get started. Now,
h^re the dear men have graciously
yeilded tip their clubrooms to the
Quite the., cleverest thing the clever
club women of the State are doing at
the passing hour is the management of
a "Blossom Festival" at San Jose — the
•women planning and plotting by night
and by day and whipping into line
every able-bodied organization in the
county to make that festival on Thurs
day next the talk of 'these great United
States. For seven weeks have they
come together in solemn session assem
bled, full of enthusiasm, suggestions
arid poJitics, and— now, this is sub-rosa
—have show n the men Just how to go
about such a stupendous affair and put
Into It the zip and aest that saves
'floral fetes from funereal rites— for
there's nothing stupider on the Fools'
Calendar than an absence of enthusi
asm and spirit at a carnival— be It a
'floral festival or a mardi gras! But
watch those women! And not only are
they manipulators of affairs of public
polity* but they are also clever host
esses* as well— for with charming cor
diality does Mrs. TV. C. Kennedy, in the
name of the San Jose Woman's Club,
extend to all club Bisters in the State
an invitation to the fete, stating that
the latchstring of the St. Claire Club
rooms hangs without, and that tea,
Russian or Japanese, according to pre
dilection, will be dispensed. Herewith
are the committees in charge of that
auspicious day— next Thursday — when
the vallry will display to tne world her
spring carpet of bluebells and poppies —
and her orchards, what can be said of
them?
On Interesting: clubs and organizations In
parade and on tribunes at th*» park — Mrs. W.
C. Kennedy and Mrs. W. B. Hill.
14d!c.«" !lght vehicles decorated— Mrs. F. 8.
Gransrr and Mrs. J. H. Campbell.
Knights of the Orchard — Mrs. A. E. Osborne
and -Mrs. 1). I\ Brooks.
r-hlldreri'e classic*— Mrs. J. W. Davy.
Artillery parade and exhibition at the park —
Mlsp Esther Ma<*nmber.
Automobiles— Mrv. Dr. Banes.
Parade of fln« horses and exhibition «t the
park— Mrs. F. £. Granter.
Bicycles in vararte and exhibition at the
pa'k— Mrs. "Catharine Bingrham.
Garnet «t park— Mrs. M. Phillip* and Mrs.
W. L. '" Woodmw.
Blossom shower from tribunee— Mrs. W. C.
Kennedy and Mrs. Hill.
Battle of flower?, »ith twenty decorated
horsemen- Mrs Hugh Center and Mrs. Henry
I>. Mathens.
Finance— Mr?. C. H. Pennoyer, Mrs. Bouch
er sM Mrs. H. D. Mathews.
OHifornia flnat in parade— Mr*. E. Coppock.
Printing— Mrs. A. P. Mursotten.
Advertising in- outlying districts — Mrs. Fred
L<e<vls Foster.
Pre*s .-.-mmittee— Mrs. Paul Shoup.
Basohall at .rark— Mr». L. E. Petree.
The executive committee have asked the a»
leiManoe of the following gentlemen: Messrs.
A. P. Murco'ten. C. H. Oeldert, C. H. John
son and I>r. A. K Osboroe.
New Traffic Man of Southern
Pacific Is Xo Enter on
His Duties Here To-Day
,-Department and section meetings— Whist
section, Friday, 10 a. m.. April 1; directors*
meeting. Monday. 10 a. m., April 4; physical
culture, Monday. 4 p. m.. April 4; parlia
mentary eectlon. Tuesday, 1:80 p. m.. April
5; how and why section, Thursday, 10:30
a. m.. April ": music section. Thursday, 3.
p. in., AdHI 7; whist section. Friday. 10 a^;
m., April 8; forestry section, Friday. 10 :3rt-S>
m.. April 8; physical culture section, Mondav,'
4 p no.. April 11; , department of civics.
Wednesday. 10:15 a. m.. April 13; department
of education. Wednesday. 2 »p. m.. April i:t;
art section. Wednesday. 3:30* p. m.. "April' 13; :
literature section, Thursdav, 3:30 p. m., April
14; whist section, ¦ Friday. 10 a.'m., April Io: v
directors 1 meeting, Monday. 10 a. m., April
18; physical culture section. Monday. 4 p. m..;,
April IS; parliamentary section. Tuesday, 1:30
p. m.. April 19: department of civics, ' Wcdnes-;
dav, l«i:15 a. m., April 20: art section.
Wednesday. 3:30 p. m., April 20; how an.1
why section. Ttiursflay. 10:3O a. m., April 21;
French section, Thursday, 2 p. m.. April 21;
whist section, Friday, 10 a. m.. April 22; trav-
Pltr~ library section. -Friday. 10 a. -m.. -April
22; department irf social science, Friday. 2 p.
m., April 22: physical culture section. Monday.
4 p. m.. April 25: p€U-tlamentary section, Tu«
oar. 1 :3O t>. m.. Aoril 26; department of civ
ics. Wednesday, 10:15 a. m., April 27: art sec- |
tion. Wednesday. 3:30 p. in.. April 27: lltera-. I
ture section, Thursday. 3:30 p. m.. April 28;
whist section, Friday. 10 a. m., April 29; cur-
Tuesday. April 26 — Progiamme in charge of
Mrs. J. W. Orr. Debate: "Resolved. That
women are largely responsible for our modern
extravagance." Affirmative — Dr. Dorothea
Moore, Miss Kate Atkinson, Mrs. W. A- Mad
fitrn. Dr. Mlnora Kibbe. Negative— Mrs.
George E. Bates. Mrs. R. Kendrlck, Mrs. ' J.
C Crawford. Mrs. M. Cooper.
Tuesday, April 19 — Programme in charge of
dcjiartnwnt of social science. Dr. W. Watt
Kerr. Subject,' "The Great Necessity of State
Tubercular Sanltoria." Miss Kathryn Mad
den, piano solo, "Twelfth Hungarian Rhapso
die' (Liszt). W. J. Hynes, selections.
The California Club, for the month
of April, announces the following cal
endar: . .- . .
Tuesday. April 5, 1904— Recular club busi
ness. Report from leaders of departments and
sections. No guests. ' '
Tuesday, April 12— President's day. Fare
well reception tendered to the president by
members California club. All leaders of de
partments and sections are invited to assist
president in receiving. Special programme
will b* given.
Violin soli:- Bruch. "Kol Nldrel,"' an an
cient' Hebrew prayer: Brahms — Hungarian
dances; Wagner- Wilhelmj. prize son*? from
•'The Masterstngers" ; Wlenlaweki, Concerto
No. II. (.a) Andante (Romance); (b) allgro
con fuco; (c) allecro moderato (in Gypsy
style), NatOrp Blumenfeld (accompanist. Fred
Maurer Jr.). Debate — "Resolved. That the
mental attitude of a nation Is reflected In its
literature" — affirmative. Miss Mabel Wise and
Mrs. George A. Kohn; negative,- Miss Esberg
and Mrs. Clarence Walter.
The Philamath Club, Mrs. Julius
Kahn president, gave a charming pro
gramme on Monday last, when the fol
lowing numbers ' were rendered:
The attendance of the club was large
and the entertainment was voted one
of the most favorable of tne season.
meeting on Tuesday .afternoon at
Utopia Hall. Professor Jerome B. Land
field of the State University delivered
an address on the powers of the Czar.
Having traveled in Russia extensively,
his views are interesting, differing
somewhat from those generally enter
tained. He stated among other things
that the power of the Czar is entirely
nominal and wholly unlike that "of Ivan
the Terrible: that tht Government Is
controlled by the Chin Administration,
and that the hostilities in the Far East
were brought about in strong opposi
tion to the desires of the Czar. Profes
sor Landfield referred to official cor>
ruptlon in Russia in its deterrent ef
fect upon the progress erf civilization in
Russia.
Before and after the lecture instru
mental and vocal numbers were ren
dered. The contributors to the pro
gramme were Miss Elizabeth Fry, who
Bang "Spring Has Come," and gave as
an encore "Little One a-Cryin'"; an
instrumental solo, "At the Spinning
Wheel," was rendered by Mrs. Arthur
H. Barendt in capital style, displaying
grace of execution and finish; Miss
Kate Flavel sang to the accompanl-
Tnent of her sister. Miss Nellie Flavel,
a romanza and "Just a-Wearyin' for
You."
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS,
CHARLES S. FEE
REACHES CITY
Charming Home of St. Claire Club Graciously Tendered to the
Ladies, Who Are Ably Abetted in Their Energies by
the Chamber of Commerce.
ENGAGEMENTS.
. The engagement, of Miss , Bright
Wallace of Oakland • and Lieutenant
Gilbert A. McElroy, U. S. A., has been
announced."' ¦:'..>:>•'}
-Mrs: .Eda Morris of 1235 Ellis street
announces the engagement* . of her
daughter, Pauline, to Victor Aaron.
At home, Sunday, April 10, from 2 to
5 p. m.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Abrams announce
the engagement of their daughter, Eva,
to Jack Jacobs. They will receive Sun
day, May 1, from 2 to 5 o'clock.
Mr. and Mrs. T. L. Ayers announce
the engagement of their daughter,
Maybelle, to Morris Schneider of Oak
land. They will receive Sunday, ¦ April
17, from 2. to 5, at 404 Cole street.
Mr. M. Hirsch of Sacramento an
nounces the engagement of his niece, 1
Miss Bertha ¦ Saunders, to R. Greene
baum of Sacramento.
San Rafael Is Drawing Very Largely Upon the City's Smart Set,
While Intermediate Stations Are Growing Populous
as the Days Go By.
WEDDINGS.
Miss Sarah Levy and Sam Meyer
will be married Sunday afternoon,
April 10, at 2715 Pine street.
An automobile party was tendered
Miss Mattie E. Gibbons by her many
friends at Burlingame in honor of her
A most enjoyable surprise party was
tendered Miss Agnes Lanzendorf by
her friend. Miss Freda Breitzman, at
her beautiful summer residence in Bel
vedere Saturday evening, March 26»
Those present were:
Mrs. Robert Breitzman. Mr. and Mrs. R.
Breitzman Jr., Mr. and Mrs. Harry Skelllnger.
Mrs de Pew, Miss Edna Richmond, MIbs
Leona Mohr, Miss Claudlne Breitiman, Miss
Alyce Bremer, Miss Anna Fisher. Miss Maud
de Pew, Miss Ethel Kent. Miss Mae Younger,
Will Monahan,- Lester Richmond, Herman Lan
zendorf, Clarance Doble. Captain Wleser. Phil
Humphrey. Horace "Appleton, Lester Hammer
smith. ¦ Harry Gothamson, Burton Stone, Dr.
Leo McMahon, Will Murphy and Percy Burr.
HOME PARTIES
The California Women's Whist
League played the last of the March
compass whist games on Thursday,
March 31, and the prizes were awarded
to Mrs. J. Costello and Mrs. F. Stand
ish,'' The March games .were greatly
enjoyed and proved a great success.
The members are looking forward to
the opening of the next and last series
(of the season) of duplicate whist, on
Thursday, ~April 7. ' This series will con
veniently close on May 26, just in time
for vacation, and enabling members in
adjacent towns around the bay to be
present at their pleasure, as the club
games will be run all summer. Mem
bers expecting to join the next series
should report to Mrs. E. Deering, secre
tary, or at clubrooms to-day or Thurs
day. The straight whist prize for Mon
day, March 28, was won by M, rs - w - J -
O'Brien. The directors will hold their
regular meeting on Thursday, April 7,
at 10:30 o'clock. Luncheon will be
served. . .
Lady Lovat Lodge, auxiliary to Clan
Fraser, will hereafter hold its regular
semi-monthly meetings in . Finley's
Hall, Seventeenth and Valencia streets,
the second and fourth Friday evenings
of every month.
CLUB PARTIES.
*: • •
Consternation and mourning were
cast- upon a large circle when Lieuten
ant A. S. Fechteler of the United States
Miss Agnes Menzies of San Rafael is
enjoying thoroughly a most delightful
trip "with Sir William and Lady Men
z _Miss es i Menzies' relatives from-Scot
land. Sir William and Lady Menzies,
who are enjoying California in a* pri
vate car, have invited Miss Menzies to
join them in a jaunt to Monterey and
Santa Barbara.
Mr. and Mrs. Emery Washington El
liot have given up their rooms at the
California Hotel and have taken ' an
apartment at the Montclair, corner of
Taylor and Pine streets.
Miss Gladys .Pary of Reno, Nevada,
who is attending Mills College, is vis
iting Mrs. Daniel O'Toole at her home
in Oakland.
Mr. and Mrs. David Cohen and fam
ily have moved | from Miramar Hotel
to their new residence, 1447 O'Farrell
street, where they will be pleased to
see their friends.
Mrs. Bernard Cerf (nee Jacob) will
be at home Friday, April 8, at 2205 Post
street.
Mr. and Mrs. Johnson , of 1479 Sutter
street have just returned from Tosem
ite Valley. ','•¦;¦"
Mr. and Mrs. James W. Burnham,
who have been spending the last eight
months at the Augustine and Sequoia
hotels, returned to their home in Ala
meda, April 1. They will be pleased
to see their old friends again.
Mrs. Louis Baron of New York is
visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. I.
Baron, at 2409 Washington street,
where she will be pleased to see her
friends. At home second Fridays.
Mrs. . Henry ' Morganthaw will . be
pleased to receive her friends on Thurs
day, April 7, at 1516 Post street.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter McGinn have
left El Monterey for the summer.
PERSOXALS.
engagement to William James Harr>"
Mr. and Mrs. Harry M. Llchtenstein
celebrated the tenth anniversary of
their marriage at the Casa Loma
Hotel, Pine and Mason streets, on
March 26. Dinner for 150 guests was
served at. 5:30 o'clock, and dancing and
music completed the evening. The
banquet and ball rooms were most ar
tistically decorated .with silver paper
in honor of the tin wedding. The fa
vors were tin ash trays for the gentle
men and pin trays for the ladies, with
a picture of the bride and groom ten
years ago. Isadcre> Meyers acted as
toastmaster. There were some very
good toasts by M. Herzog of San Ra
fael, Mr. Lichtenstein, Dr. Henry Har
ris, Rev. Dr. Friedlander of Oakland
and Judge Golden of San Francisco.
The guests consisted only of the rela
tives of the host and hostess and also
those who were in the bridal party ten
years ago.
• • •
A delightful confirmation party was
tendered' the Misses Florence Brewer
and Augusta Kruft Sunday, March 27,
at 1216 Pacific avenue. Among those
present were:
Mr. and Mrs. Elemaier Sr.. Mr. and Mrs.
Elemaier Jr., Ernest Elemaier* of San Fran
cisco, Mr. and Mrs. Llnd of Oakland. H. Llnd
of Portland. Ore.; R Kaiser of StJ Louis.
Mo.: H. Pine of West Berkeley, Mrs. Brewer
of "West Berkeley. Mr. and Mrs. Kruft of San
Francisco, the Misses Louisa and Bertha Llnd
of Oakland. Alena Bailey of West Berkeley.
Clara and Ida Kruft of San Francisco, Flor
ence Brewer of Wert Berkeley, Augusta Kruft
of San Francisco; Messrs. John. Edward,
Frank, Clemenco and Julius Lind of Oakland.
Charles and Raymond Brewer of West Berke
ley.
Miss Metta Wolpman gave an after
noon on March 25, complimentary to
Miss Anita Ferguson, who Is to be
one of the early April brides. The
rooms were tastefully decorated with
the season's blossoms, pink being the
predominating color in the dining
room. At this pleasant affair was also
announced the engagement of Miss
Gertrude Springer to George Stevens
of Petaluma. Those that met Miss
Ferguson' were:
The ' Misses Emma Congdon, Carrie Ernst,
Hattie Ferguson, Frieda Henningrs, TlUie.
Frieda and Dorothea Joost, Elise Jacob*. Mi
riam Katz, Anna Lurman, Stella and Laura
Meyer, Anita McKenzle, Sena Outsen. Ger
trude Springer, Edna Thode and Barbara
Wolpman.
Miss Eva Johnson gave a musical
on Sunday last at her residence, 405
Hayes street, to her pupils and friends.
About ten took part in the programme,
which included piano and vocal solos,
recitations and Spanish dancing. After
the programme had been gone through
the party spent the remainder of the
afternoon in games. The guests in
cluded:
Miss Ida Rainey, Miss Nellie McGUI, Miss
Leah Beckett. Miss Edna Ralney, the Misses
Alice and Irene Schlesinger, Mien May Fitz
Henry. Mies Doris Loskay. Miss Gladys John
son and Miss Gladys Bernard.
Thomas Dorgan, who left for New
York last Thursday, was the guest of
honor at a dinner party given by hl3
cousin, Mrs. Thomas Mulvey, Monday
evening, March 28. Those gathered to
bid "Tad" farewell were:
Dr. Clarence Till man. John R. Little, James
W. Coff roth, John R. Dorgan and Mrs. Helena
Little. ;V . : ; . . '
navy was ordered to Washington. Mrs.
Fechteler is the daughter of Judge and
Mrs. W. W. Morrow of San Rafael.
For years the Fechteler home, with Its
merry brood of little ones, has been
within a stone's throw of the < Morrow
mansion, and many happy, tender ties
have been broken by this necessary
parting. Captain and Mrs. Roosevelt
(nee Morrow) are also under orders for
Washington. What * a happy coinci
dence for the sisters! And. incidentally,
the hearts of Judge and Mrs. Morrow
will be cheered by a visit from their
daughter, as the Roosevelts pass
through en route to Washington.
The Sidney B. Cushings expect to go
soon to Mill Valley, where they will
take up their abode for six months.
Mill Valley bids fair to be one of the
most popular places about the bay this
season.'
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Aubrey Robinson of
Makaweli, H. I., are at the Hotel Ra
fael. Mr. Robinson is one of the large
property owners of Hawaii, being the
owner of an entire island. The Robin
sops will probably remain in San Ra
fael until summer, when they expect
to go abroad. -r\^>.
The William Penfield Taylors have
sold their home In San Anselmo and
have taken a house in San Rafael. They
expect to remain in the latter place
for at least three years^ — a most wel
come fact to their host of friends there.
San Rafael may really have a flower
carnival. Should rumor prove true.
Santa Barbara must look to her laurels.
Mrs. Angellotti, wife of Judge F. M.
Angellotti, is making preparations for
a trip abroad. Mrs. Angellotti will bo
accompanied by her daughter Marian.
They are to leave in a few weeks, anil
will remain abroad long enough to se«
Europe thoroughly.
• ¦• • '.,-¦ • ' '-
• Mrs. T. T. Williams and Miss Wil
liams, wife and daughter of T. T. Wil
liams of the New York American, are
still in San Francisco, where they have
been spending the winter at the Pleas
anton. /
Mr. and Mrs. N. Blalsdell and a con
genial party of friends enjoyed an in
formal game of bowling on Thursday
evening. Refreshments were served
after the game. Those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. W. Gregory, Miss E.
Smith. Mr. and Mrs. H. Smith, Mr. and
Mrs. D. R. Sessions, C. Sessions, Mr.
and Mrs. Denervond and Mr. and Mrs.
Blaisdell.
* * • — -•
Mrs. .Walter Scott Franklin was
hostess at an unusually pretty lunch
eon and bowling party on Tuesday
afternoon. Covers were laid for- fif
teen. The table was made attractive
with violets, smilax and roses, arrang
ed in artistic profusion. Each place
card had a ball and two little bowling
pins attached.
SMITH GAINS
MORMON PRAISE
Cliurcli Members . in • Salt
Lake City Laud Their,
President in Conference
SALT LAKE, April 3.— The seventy
fourth annual conference of the Mor
mon churJh was opened in the Taber
nacle to-day and-was attended by more
than 10,000 church members. President
Joseph F. Smith in his opening, speech
expressed gratification at the large at
tendance, and especially at . the pres
ence of many who came from long dis
tances. He dwelt upon the divine pro
tection that had been given to the
church, and claimed he could see the
hand of God in its growth. « •
Apostle Francis M. j Lyman in the
course of his remarks said:
"We are here that we may have pos
terity. We are here that we may mul
tiply and replenish the earth."
In speaking of the doctrine of divine
revelation '} Apostle Lyman said :
. "When President Smith stands up to
speak we know God is with him. We
know that the Lord speaks through
that man. It is the mind of the Lord,
the purpose of the Lord."
No reference was made to the recent
investigation? of Senator . Smoot at
Washington, and polygamy was not
mentioned. -
PERSONAL.
, G. D. Plato, a merchant of Modesto,
is at the Lick. , -
Fred Glassup. j a merchant of New
York, is at the Palace.
—George S. Nixon, aibanker of Win
nemucca,'is at the Palace.
Henry Marks, proprietor of the Grand
Hotel of Ukiah, is at the Lick. ' .
". Dr. Leonard- G. Stebbins of Spring
field., Mass., is at the Palace.
Jackson Hatch, ' an attorney of San
Jose, is staying at the St. Francis.
Dr.' Oscar J. Mayer, " who : has been
touring Mexico, returned to the city last
week. ',
O. P. Posey, a mining : man ' of Los
Angeles/ registered at the ¦ Palace yes
terday;- ¦¦"
' v Fulton G. . Berry, the well-known
hotel-proprietor of Fresno, is at the St.
Francis.' ~
'¦¦' Henry .Weinstock, one of * Sacra
mento's ¦¦ leading J merchants, is. atUhe
St. ; Fraricis;'' ;.7--\% ' '¦'. ' "¦¦""¦'¦' . '"¦'¦.
- J. W. •'!¦ Robinson/ a prominent resi
dent'of Olymoia," Wash., is registered
at -the; Palace: ; '-.: ' x
J' Adjutant General Joseph B.Lauck. is
down from"' Sacramento and registered
at the California.';/
v /Stickley, -proprietor- and editor
of the;" Craftsman,' : arrived from the
East yesterday and is staying at the
St.\\Francis. ¦¦¦;" \.".y x; * ' . : ' K '.)'.
.The Government .; of -Peru, will -guar T ;
antee ; the? construction : of > a' railway
from -the i Pacific ' to ' a navigable branch
of -the .Amazon. . ;: ; . .
.There is '.now no 'pitchblende, from
.which i: radium '. is : ; extracted, for • sale at
the ' Austrian > mlnes/tfig^ilSSlBglWHffilMBBiffi
SAN JOSE WOMAN'S CLUB TO MANAGE BLOSSOM FESTIVAL;
MANY SOCIETY FOLK SEEKING REST IN COUNTRY PLACES
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALU MONDAY;, APRILS 4; 1904.
Chuang Kuei Ti, the leader of the
guard of the court at Peking, has stated
that his troops are unable to shoot-be
cause they have never been supplied
with ammunition, and so are quite un
accustomed to the sound of the rifle.-
At Saratoga's annual ; festival.' Tuesday, April
0. -', Leave San Francisco ferry."; narrow 'gauge,
8:1S a. n» Tickets good till April ;0, allowing
Ktopover-for San- Jose 'Blossom. Festival, ' April
7. . Round trip, ?2. Ask Southern Pacific
events. IhIBsBotSSHKkB&SJI
Millions of Blossoms
There were . 144 German domestic
servants- last > year, who .were awarded
t he servants' ¦ golden cross for having
lived forty years .with one , family. Only
one was found in Berlin.?, , —
,The first foreign venture of the Brit
ish Bible, Society was 'to have part of
the New •' Testament translated 'into
Mohawk by a chief with the extraordi
nary name of Tyonenhowkarawen/but
who finally reduced 'it to j Nelson and
became a British officer and fought for
this country in the war of 1812. .-
Captain^A. W. Holstrom'of the'ship
Fprtuna.vwho was held up and robbed
by three youths on Bryant street,' near
First,' on Saturday night,\ called at the
City. ¦ Prison :, yesterday L and , positively
identified Thomas'Donleavy,; 23 iyears
of age ; ; Archie Burton,; 1 6 and Thomas
McGrath, 18," as. the robbers. They had
been arrested by Detectives O'Dea and
Mulcahy -and Special > Officer J. Mar
shall. They were booked^ on: a charge
of h " robbery. - '; Burton is out "on- proba
tion i from "Judge ' Dunne's > court .on ,i a
charge . of ' assault to! murder for; stab
bing Martin J. Kroger.-a grocer, at 600
Second street,'? last , November, -and
McGrath i has at record: of ; having v bee-n
arrested", for.' assault': with *.=.' a
weapon .and driving * off with I a horse
and j wagon without consent of . the
owner..' ;: ¦.'-. .-. '' ¦. '¦¦"; •- .' : • ' - ' ¦'¦'
Youths Charged With Robbery.
John Griffin, a youth known to the
police, was taken into custody yester
day* afternoon by Mounted Policeman
E. C. Pidgeon at the corner of Stanyan
and Fulton streets on a charge of
drunkenness- When searched at the
Park Police Station, a carpenters'
chisel was found in Griffin's possession
and it is supposed he may have been
implicated in some of the recent bur
glaries that have been committed in
that part of the city. Griffin is said
to have served a term in the County
Jail for petty larceny, and to have
been released but' one month ago.
2
ADVEBTIfiEMENTSw
A Companion.
A dellphtful little traveling companion.
Indispensable to many who travel, are
th« "Little Comforters" — Dr. Miles' Anti-
Pain Pills. By their soothing influence
upon the nerves of the brain and stom-
ach they prevent dizziness, Kick Etomach
and hcada-che— car eickness.
Dp. Miles'
Anti-Pain Pills
Cure all kinds of pain quick and sure, are
perfectly "harmless, and do not affect you
In any way. except to soothe the nerves
and cure pain. For real comfort never
rater lipon a journey without first secur-
ing a package of these "L.ittle Comfort-
ers."
"I am pleased to recommend Dr. Mills'
Anti-Pain Pills. They not only cured a
chronic h*»adach«C but since. If my head
shows a disposition to ache, o'ne Tablet
rtops It. I erive hundreds of them to tsuf-
ftirer* on trains, and derive much satis-
faction from the relief they afford." — M.
H. OHARTUS, Traveling Salesman. St,
]>ui1p. Mo.
>U»ncy back if first package fails to
bfnWlt.
25 discs, 21 cents. Never sold in bulk.
« ADVERTISEMENTS.
f*OSTS a Quarter. Gives
you forty smooth, quick
shines.
How much are you pay-
ing now for forty of the other
kind?
At all Regal Stares— 3 3 Can t». '
J^&g£tl
Dressing
Son Francisco Store:
Corner Geary and
Stockton Streets
Y^Q Perfect Fitting ft.^ *
<*> Eyeglasses
-f At Moderate Cost {]»
V 642 41ARKE.TSX
tlERCE'S
FAVORITE
SCRIPTI9N '
'RWE4K WOMEN.
|A^rfiMANOLA|
Is the czily cure for Nervous and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Druggist or at 60S liAIUHT ST..
: '. » ¦ San Francisco. Cat.
! ,—^..- • • •. ¦. " "" *
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB ; DAMIANA BITTEBS. THfl
Great- Mexican Remedy; stves health and
•Utocth to Kxual crsiaa. Depot. 323 Market.
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS. *
"IT'S IMPOSSIBLE
To Disprove Facts — It Is Decidedly
Easy to, Verify San Francisco
>£;; / 'Opinion./
/Nothing by way of ah Introduction
could be added, to, the .experience and
opinions given below \ which could - in-
crease their valu». San Francisco peo-
ple " can safely; be left to "draw their own
conclusions; based • on. such convincing
proof ag this citizen offers. -What is there
lacking in evidence like this to satisfy a
dyed-in-the-wool : doubting Thomas? -
Edward McDonnell, boiler-maker at the
Pacific Coast Boiler Works, residence 2766
Bryant street,^ says: "Any man who fol-
lows my calling. requires a good, sound,
strong back," and when for .'a year that
back Is "weak, . and often , pains, life be-
comes almost a burden. An advertisement
about Doan's Kidney: Pills induced me to
try them. If ~ the first . box had , not
brought : undoubted results I never would
have purchased a second, : and if -the sec-
ond had not radically disposed of the at-
tack 1 (at. least there .has been no:slgn of
a ; ; recurrence for the* last ' six months) I
could not be induced to publicly recom-
mend the medicine.". " ¦• .
r- For. sale by all dealers. Price. 50 cents.
Foster-Mllburn Co.", Buffalo, N. Y.; sole
agents for, the United States.-
U* Remember, the name, ; Doan's, ¦ and . take
no substitute. ".'"-- '• . 'LONDON, April 4.— The Dailv Tele
graph publishes the following dispatch
from St. Petersburg:
"One Russian survivor of the naval
fight at Chemulpo, writing to the Russ,
says:
" 'The protest against a Japanese at
tack upon a neutral .roadstead was
signed even by the British captain.' The
only person who refused to sign* this
act of international honesty ; and - moral
courage was an American. . * When' the
Koreitz and the Variag returned to the
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1904. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
BRITISH CRUISER
THREATENS TO FIRE
UPON JAPANESE
FI1EE , SPEECH DEFENSE
LEAGUE HOLDS MEETIXG
The,' regular meeting, of the , Free
Speech Defense League ¦ was held Sat
urday night at the Labor, Bureau, :915^
Market street, President F.;R. Whit
ney in the chaijv.
Ten new delegates were seated, and
arrangements were ; made to keep , up
the; agitation against . the passage oC
the proposed Wittman ordinance, which
gives ithe \ Police Department , power: to
disperse l any collection- of ten or - moj«»
persons on. the public streets in the cen
tral part of the: city. .ZWS&$B8B&BgBR
j.The 1 league *now,> has representatives
from over. 100 trade and labor. organiza
tions.' fraternal societies apd other civic
bodies, 'and ' isTcarrying on? an' active
agitation on. the matter. ; ;;
Street ' meetings V- were : held several
PORTLAND. Or., April 3.— Fred R.
Strong, one of the most prominent law
yers of Oregon; died very suddenly in
this city to-day of heart trouble caused
by nervous prostration at the aee of.
53 years. Mr. Strong, besides being
widely prominent as an attorney, was
one of the incorporators of the old Pa
cific Coast Steamship Company, which
operated extensively until the con
struction of the Northern Pacific from
Portland to Tacoma. Mr. Strong par
ticipated in the legislation over the
division of the estate of the famous
Ben Holladay, who operated Holla
day's pony express between Omaha
and Sacramento.
DEATH CALLS
AN OREGONIAN
OF PROMINENCE
Pat McKnlght, a sailor, was assault
ed and robbed at the corner of First
and Bryant streets last night. He was
struck on the head , with some blunt
instrument and the surgeons at the
Emergency Hospital found the skull
had been crushed. McKnight, although
under the influence of liquor, claims
that one "Dutchy" Scores 'was his as
sailant. Scores is well known to 'the
police and a search is: being made for
him. *¦ \
Struck on Head and Robbed.
nights during last week by the league
on Grant avenue to uphold the right
of free speech and to defend the prin
ciples the constitution of ' the United
States and of the State of California
enunciate in this regard.
Among the speakers at these meet
ings were President G. B. Benham
of the Labor Council, Dr. J. A. B. Wil
son of Trinity M. E. Church. F. C.
Wheeler, organizer of the State Fed
eration of Labor, T. E. Zant and A. M.
Lewis.
> Extra committees were appointed at
Saturday night's meeting to call on a
number of labor and other organiza
tions in regard to the agitation.
Speeches were made by Messrs. Mar-
latt, Lindgren, Zant, Williams. Spen
cer and others, and the league ar
ranged to meet next Saturday night,
as usual, in the same hall.
REDDING, April 3.— Despite the con
trary reports that have been sent out
from Redding, not a single arrest has
yet been made In connection with the
hold-up of the Oregon express Thurs
day night at Copley. William Ahern,
the railroad detective, said to-night:
"No arrests have yet been made. The
people seem to expect that w-e must
capture the bandits right away — if not
to-day, at least to-morrow. They for
get that the robbers probably planned
their escape for a month before holding
up the train. We can't turn around in
a day or two and uncover their tracks,
especially when we have absolutely
nothing to work on."
The work being done by the officials
now is principally that of the detec
tives, whose number was increased to
day by J. J. White of San Francisco,
representing Wells, Fargo & Co. Sher
iff Richardson is aiding them in every
way possible, but feels that the ser
vices of himself and his force will be
more in demand when the bandits are
located than at present. Since the
Kennett clew of yesterday resulted in
the suspects proving a complete alibi,
the situation as regards the apprehen
sion of the robbers is as dark as It was
on the morning subsequent to the kill
ing of Messenger O'Neil. The detec
tives are following up every possible
clew that Is brought to their attention.
None is considered insignificant.
Detectives Find Little En
couragement in the Searclt
for the Copley Brigands
ST. PETERSBURG, April 3. —
Prince Khilkoff, head of the Russian
military railroad communications, re
turned to St. Petersburg to-day. He
will be received by the Emperor to
morrow, when he , will describe the
conditions existing in trans-Siberia. \
Czar Will Receive KhilkofT.
The Russ says that Great Britain
took a leaf out of Japan's book on the
way to open hostilities by attacking
the Tibetans without a declaration of
war. The Novoe Vreyma says:
"The American millionaires have
changed the destinies of India. Since
Lord Curzon became Lord Kitchener's
brother-in-law their personalities seem
to have been merged. Curzon spoke
with the words of Kitchener on the
glacis theory and . Kitchener adopted
the policy of. Curzon in sending an al
leged diplomatic mission, into Tibet.
The glacis theory is all right so long
as it has to do with unarmed foes."
The Bourse Gazette openly suggests
that King Edward is planning an en
tente between Great Britain and Russia
and then says:
"There is no need for alarm. We
have been accustomed since the days
of Disraeli and SalisbuVy to such veiled
threats (referring- to Lord Curzon's
speech). Indian Secretary Brodrick's
announcement of big guns for India
has broken no bones, nor is any one
frightened by the forthcoming British
naval demonstration in the Mediterran
ean. The fact is that the British for
eign policy is now in higher hands than
Lord Curzon's and we all know that a
sincere, peaceful and loyal influence is
being exerted by King Edward. There
is no longer doubt of British neutral
ity, and there is no reason for appre
hension regarding the promise of a
friendly agreeme-nt with Russia con-'
cerning Tibet. We are only curious to
see how Great Britain will explain
armed aggression within a Chinese
province."
LONDON, April 4.— Candler, the cor
respondent of the Daily Mail, who was
wounded during the fighting between
the British and the Tibetans at Guru
on March 31, and whose left hand has
been amputated, thus describes the at
tack upon him:
"I was watching the Tibetans being
disarmed, when I was attacked by a
swordsman. This was before a shot
had been fired. The onslaught was too
sudden for me to draw my revolver. I
caught the Tibetan around the knees
and thretv him, but I was > myself
dragged down and in trying to rise
was cut down by several swordsmen.
These were eventually shot."
ST. PETERSBURG, April 3.— The
newspapers continue to discuss the
British expedition in Tibet and the
speech of the Viceroy of India, Lord
Curzon of Kedleston, on March 30, ai
Calcutta, but most of them in a sin
gularly dispassionate tone.
RUSSIA DISPLAYS
NO CONCERN OVER
TIBETAN AFFAIR
ROBBERS COVER
TRICKS WELL
harbor to complete the work of de
stroying the» Russian fleet. The three
Japanese torpe'do-boats which went in,
having fired all their torpedoes, then
rejoined their own fleet.
Five Japanese transports carrying
men and horses to be used in the con
struction of the Seoul -WIJu railway
have arrived At Chemulpo.
General Haraguchi. the newly ap
pointed commander of the Japanese
forces here, has arrived.
* *,
Their torpedo-boats advanced in line
ahead in three squadrons. In the dark
ness two Russian torpedo-boats unwit
tingly crossed behind the leading Japa
nese squadron. The rest of the Japa
nese flotilla mistook them and followed
the enemy, and thus failed to enter the
The weather is improving rapidly,
though communications are still ex
tremely difficult. Japanasc are mak-
WEHAIWEI. Aoril 2. — The situ
ation at present appears to be as fol
lows: As regards the. land forces.
General Kuroki's army is now in a po
sition to attempt to force the passage
of the Yalu whenever he may elect to
strike, but it would seem that, having
secured the necessary strategic posi
tion, he is awaiting the development
of the second Japanese mobilization
before a decisive move. This develop
ment has already begun, but it is not
possible to say where until the blow
has actually fallen.
In the meantime the Japanese and
Russian outposts are constantly in
touch along the line of the Cheng
cheng, but as a rule they do not come
into serious conflict, though one or two
sharp affairs are reported, in w T hich
the honors appear to be .equally
divided. The country in which the
troops are now operating has been
studied with a view to rendering the
operations of the Cossacks less val
uable than those of well-trained in
fantry.
One force of 103,000 troops has been
landed opposite Takushan, in Southern
Manchuria, and is marching north and
northwest. Another army of 40,000
men was landed in Northwestern Korea
and is marching toward the Yalu River.
A third force, whose number , 13 un
known, has been disembarked in
Northern Korea- and is marching to
the west. It is supposed another force
will attack Newchwang from the south
west, and news of an engagement is
daily expected.
The ice on the Yalu River is thaw
ing Sand the Russians are slowly retir r
ing northward. Good authorities here
estimate .the total Russian force in
Manchuria at 290,000 men, tfut this
probably is an excessive estimate.
SHANGHAI, April 3.— It Is credibly
reported here that the Japanese are
operating, in an irregular, , lozenge
shaped area, whose corners are intend
ed to be Antung, Newchwang, Kirin
and Vladivostok. : vV'
JAPAN HAS FOUR ARMIES.
LONDON. April 4.— The correspond
ent of the Times at Newchwang under
yesterday's date says that, the Russian
gunboat at Sivoutch failed three times
in attempting to leave the dock. " He
says that the British residents at New
chwang are satisfied that the depart
ure of the British warship Espiegle
will be indefinitely delayed.
A correspondent of the Morning Post
at Yinkow says that the position there
is daily becoming stronger. A fort
night ago the Japanese could have
landed with comparative ease, while
now they would experience great dif
ficulty.
The correpondent says he has re
ceived trustworthy information that
the concentration of troops along the
railway has been so rapid that it is
now impossible for the Japanese to
carry the war into Manchuria with
any hope of success, and that the most
they can do is to isolate Port Arthur
and possibly Vladivostok. ;
The statement that the captain of
the Russian cruiser Boyarin is to be
court-martialed is regarded ns con
firming the report that the vessel wai
blown up by a mine.
"Rumors are current in high circles
of fresh dissensions between Viceroy
Alexieff and General Kuropatkin. It
is alleged that the Viceroy wants his
views on the subject of the quickest
way of ridding the country of Japanese
adopted, whereas General Kuropatkin
insists on retaining some responsi
bility for the conception and execution
of military operations. There is reason
to believe that General Kuropatkin will
be left free, Viceroy Alexieff being too
judicious to create trouble on account
of a mere supposed slight."
YINKOW WELL DEFENDED.
The St. Petersburg correspondent of
the Echo de Paris telegraphs as fol
lows :
PARIS, April 4.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Figaro says that
Russia has ordered 250 cannon in Eng
land for the Manchurian army. He
adds that the Tenth and Seventeenth
army corps will not start for the seat
of war before the end of the ntonth.
I passed within a clear view of the
Port Arthur entrance yesterday morn
ing. I could distinguish no smoke and
met no Russian vessels outside. This,
however, is not conclusive of anything.
Considerable fogs' are frequent . over
these seas, and it is possible that under
their cover Admiral Makaroff will at
tempt to put into practice his own
theories of destroyer tactics. He still
possess eleven seaworthy vessels of
this class.
RUSSIA BUYING CANNON.
Of the naval situation it is not easy
to give a correct estimate, as I do not
know whether the whole Russian
squadron was in Port Arthur last Sun
day when the Japanese sank the mer
chantmen, and, if it was, whether the
harbor was successfully blocked.
Those who participated in the attack
think that it was. but Admiral Togo
expresses a doubt, though he attaches
no blame to any one, simply remark
ing that, if the channel is open, the
reason is that the number of ships sunk
was not sufficient.
ing good progress In improving roads
and until next winter the land army
will not have to experience such cold
as was endured ] by General Imoye's
army in the march to seize Pingyang.
Latest trustworthy reports show that
the main Russian concentration is on
the line from Liaoyang to Haicheng,
south of ' Mukden, and that arrivals
from the North and depletions from
the Port Arthur garrison are concen
trated there at a convenient point for
dispatch to the Yalu. There is also a
mobile force in readiness to meet any
other threatened Japanese advance or
landings.
NAVAL STATUS OBSCURE.
Before the port was drawn up the en
tire Black Sea fleet, and behind it lay
the city in holiday garb. Admiral
Skrydloff, commander-in-chlef of the
fleet, welcomed the survivors, and at
the Admiralty Cathedral removed from
his breast the Order of St. George and
pinned it upon the breast of Captain
Stepanoft of the Variag, who had seen
service under him. Captain Stepan
off and his crew have been ordered to
St. Petersburg, and the townsmen route
have invited them to stop off In order
that they, too, may show their appre
ciation of the sailors' brave conduct.
harbor all of the foreign ships helped
to move and attGTid to the wounded,
but the American warship merely sent
a doctor. This magnanimous action
we refused to take advantage of.
" 'A writer passing through the port
said he had heard that the American
embassies had denied I the foregoing
facts, but I read the report of one of
the commanders, wherein the virtues
of the American captain were clearly
stated in all their beauty.
" 'When our unfortunate ships * re
turned to the inner roadstead the Jap
anese warships signaled to the foreign
warships to get out of the way. By
way of an ans.wer to this brazen signal
the commander of the British warship
signaled that if the Russians were at
tacked in the inner, harbor he would be
compelled to fire upon . the Japanese.
We Russians owe a deep debt of grat
itude to this honest Englishman.' "
SEBASTOPOL, April 13.— The , sur
vivors of the Variag and : Koreitz,
which vessels were destroyed in Che
mulpo harbor, arrived here to-day and
received ovations as enthusiastic as
those with which they were greeted at
Odessa.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Kuroki's.Armn Now in a Position to Attempt the Invasion of
Manchuria Whenever,He May Elect to Strike.
Preparations are proceeding for the
Easter festivities. Easter, in Russia, is
the greatest holiday of the year, and Is
celebrated with"* feasting and . merri
ment throughout the empire. The floral
displays in the churches on Easter
probably .will be the most gorgeous in
Europe.
The imperial potteries, a short dis
tance from St. PetersBurg. are manu
facturing'tens of thousands of china
eggs, which will be, distributed by the
Czar 'and Empress among the people.
If the Japanese wish to make a coup,
the average Russian. believes they will
attempt it on Easter morning, "when
the sailors at Port Arthur are feasting.
Those who know Vice Admiral'Makar
off rand General « Kuropatkin.' however,"
say that <f this time is chosen' the Jap
anese will reckon without their t hosts.
While the authorities have taken pre
cautionary measures, they seem to be
convinced that no re: 1 serious move
ment will occur to discredit Russia
in this time of war, and declare the
internal situation to be exceptionally
good, the disaffected elements being un
able to make headway against the deep
feeling of patriotism manifested by the
people. Government advices are to the
effect that the so-called reformers,
Radicals and Socialists, are losing in
stead of gaining ground in consequence
of the war.
In this connection attention is called
to the great enthusiasm with which
the survivors of the Variag and Koreitz
were greeted at- Odessa and the tele
grams of- welcome '.which poured in
from all parts of; ¦ ' ." .
Among intelligent Jews the feqling is
that there is now presented an oppor
tunity to show the world that they
are friends, not enemies, of their na
tive land. Such ] an influential Jewish
organ as the Novosti denounces as foul
slander the statement that the Jews
are not loyally supporting the Govern
ment.
The deep religious nature of the Rus
sian people was illustrated last night,
when the peasant fairs and festivities
which have been in progress during
palm week ended, and the people began
to practice the rigorous abstention
with which members of the orthodox
church observe the last week in Lent".
As if by magic the peasants' booths on
the principal boulevards disappeared,
and pavements which for a week have
been crowded to the gutters with
laughing and chatting peasants, buy
ing all kinds of knicknacks, reverently
saluting the cheap prints of their rul
ers and evincing special interest in the
colored lithographs depicting war
scenes in which the Russians were al
ways triumphant, suddenly became de
serted. The churches, with their mag
nificent Interiors ablaze with lighted
tapers, were thronged with devout
worshipers. All of the theaters and
places of amusement were closed, and
even the music in the restaurants was
suspended. From Friday next to the
Russian Easter every, orthodox Rus
sian, from the Emperor down to the
humblest subject, will fast in the most
rigorous manner, partaking of bread
and water only. .
STRICT OBSERVANCE OF LENT.
The Czar has strictly observed Lent.
His table is meager, his amusements
fewer and his work, of course, far
greater. Except for one appearance at
the theater his sole amusement has
been drlv^ns about the capital, usually
with the Czarina on bright afternoons.
He goes about absolutely unguarded,
in a modest carriage, and but for the
attendance of the Prefect of Police, in
a much more gorgeous turnout, several
hundred feet behind him. and the mar
velous way in which streets are
cleared, an ordinary observer would
not know that the Czar . was passing.
He finds recreation, also, in walking in
the garden of the Winter Palace. .:¦
The Empress Dowager is frequently
seen on the streets. She is very popu
lar and graciously nods to both sides
as her carriage, with her gigantic Cos
sack footmen, sweeps by. ¦
Not only have the newspapers been
warned, under .threat of severe penal
ty, against violation of the order
against - the publication of articles
which might inflame race hatred, but
the civil and military authorities in
the districts which might be affected
have Issued warnings threatening of
fenders with heavy fines and imprison
ment. Governor Ussourousoft! ot
Kishenpv and Governor Kaulbars of
Odessa are strong, capable men, in
whom the Government Imposes Im
plicit confidence. .
REFORMERS LOSING GROUND.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 3.— Reports
received by the Ministry of the In
terior indicate' that the precautionary
measures taken to prevent anti-Jewish
disturbances during Easter week, when
the ignorant arc easily aroused to a
sort of religious frenzy against the
Jews by the dissemination of false sto
ries regarding "blood atonement," will
result In the avoidance of ; serious
trouble. In ; spite of, the precautions,
however, it is considered possible there
may be attempts at rioting, but the
authorities may be relied upon to sup
press these with a strong hand. The
following private telegram was re
ceived to-day from Odessa:
--"Reports of ant I- Jewish disturbances,
which are common at Easter time,
cause more alarm than usual this year,
because of the occurrences last year.
The Jews here ire nervous, but the
authorities have' confidence In the Gov
ernor, as well as the commander in
chief x of the troops' in Southern Rus
sia. Under the circumstances, there
fore, anything like a serious disturb
ance is regarded as impossible.
"The official papers have published
strongly worded warnings and the city
is placarded with notices that all who
disturb the peace will be severely pun
ished." •
tne landing place and for two miles on
cither side of the roadway. A thousand
rodies were busy adding to the huge
piles of war material even as late as
yesterday.
. The v.eather is now milder and the
land campaign will soon be In full
fwing. The- Japanese fleet is still in
tact and continues watching Port Ar
thur. Doubtless the Mikado's sailors
•*\il! succeed in blocking the place on
the first occasion when the weather
favors them. Only a narrow passage
i? now loft. The Russians have taken
n.any of the twelve-inch guns out of
thr!r ships to arm the old and new
forts. The northern seas are safely
patrolled.
The head of the heroic Vice Captnin
Hirose, which fell into his boat when
body was blown to pieces by a
•fheU While he was leaving the sinking
hull during the attack on March 27,
¦was sont to Japan by the steamship
YnmaFhire Maru and has been buried.
li seems reasonable to believe now
that the defenses of Port Arthur have
t>ron weakened and Its early capture
is to be expected.
It has now become known that at the
first attack on Port Arthur even more
c-.nspieuous bravery was shown by the
Japanese than was at first indicated.
£p»cl«.l CaJbla to Tfc« Call and New Tork
HeraJd. Copyright. 1904. by the New Tork
Herald Publishing Company.
SEOUL. April 3.— The Japanese troops
edvancing toward the Yalu River have
had another action, repulsing the Rus
sians smartly and only a score of Japa
nese being: wounded, in connection with
ii»e engagement at Chongju, in North
.Korea, on March 28. Much fighting oc
curred in the town itself, which is a big
walled place. It is asserted here that
Forty Russians vr^re killed and wound
*"<J and that a number were captured.
The Japanese losses are given as
thirty.
Twenty of the men wounded in'th«
skirmish at Kasan on March 26 em
l>arked on Thursday upon the hospital
Ship Kosai Maru. They are doing well.
The Russian losses on that occasion
vx-re estimated at fifty. It Is rumored
ui the same connection that a Japanese
major and thirty men were cut off and
captured.
A great body of Japanese troops has
moved northward from Chenampho and
other harbors used for the landing of
troops and stores, which latter are ar
riving at Chenampho in huge quanti
ties. A tramway has been laid from
Czar's Government Is
Guarding Against
Race Riots.
Campaign on Land
Soon to Be in- Full
Operation.
Hospital Ship Takes
Aboard a Score
of Wounded.
A survivor of one of the Russian warships destroyed at Chemulpo supplies a new incident of the first
battle of the war. He says that after the Variag and the Koreltz retreated in a sinking* condition into the
harbor Japanasc Admiral Uriu signaled to the foreign warships there to get out of the way. The British
commander signaled back that he would turn his guns upon the Japanese wnrships if the latter fired a shot
in the harbor.
The Tanjjuard of Japan's army In Western Korea is now only forty miles south of WJJii, a town
which the Russians have fortified and made their headquarters east of the Yalu. * As the Japanese advance
the enemy continues to retreat toward the river. / * _
The Call's Seoul correspondent reports a series of engagements in the vicinity of Cliongju and gives
an estimate of losses, which indicates that the combats were of some importance.. Twenty Japanese who
were wounded at re««fwn have been received aboard a hospital ship.
From Santiago, Chile, comes a remarkable statement that will need strong verification before it can
be given credence. It Is asserted that a "commercial compact" has been negotiated 'with 'Japan, under. the
terms of which Toldo agrees to recornize the supremacy of Chile in South America, the republic In turn un
dertaking to induce Ecuador to cede to Japan the Gallapagos group of Islands. These Islands command the
Pacific entrance to Panama Bay and the inter-oceanic canal. Germany has long been hopeful of acquiring
them, but the United States Government has given Ecuador to understand that a sale of the Archipelago
to any European nation would not be recognized.
Equally astounding with the foregoing is the statement of The Call's St. Petersburg correspondent that
Germany and J>ancc have sold to the Russian Government six cruisers now under construction. That such
a breach of neutrality should be consummated seems incredible. -
The Czar's government is taking' extraordinary precautions to prevent a renewal of the anti-Jewish
outrages on the Russian Easter. It is not believed that • religious demonstrations will be attempted, but the
authorities Intend not to be caught napping.
Precautions Taken to
Prevent Attacks
Upon Jews.
SUMMARY OF A DAY'S WAR DISPATCHES TO THE CALL.
SERIES OF ENGAGEMENTS NEAR THE YALU RIVER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL; 4, 190*:
Burning paper In the ' bottom of the
rubbish chute of the Palace Hotel yes
terday afternoon caused unnecessary
alarm among a number of guests and
prompted one of the employes to send
In an alarm. Before the fire engines
arrived on the scene the small blaze
had been extinguished and quiet had
been restored in the establishment.
Blaze in Rubbish Chute.
3
ADVERTISEMENT^^ •_____.___"'•¦ '
¦¦¦¦RBBmmBHuimBiHHMDiBBBmimBag
I 23O POST JST. S
S Or iental R ui gs i
S ...AL Auction... s
¦ gMBpfaoO Pieces) , -. ¦
S AprH 5; and Following Days, at 2 :30 p. m. ' ¦
S " * \ - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . - H
J 250 of these^ rugs are -the rarest f antiques, which have been |
S Selected from previous importations during the past three years, and ¦
g will be shown forvthe first time at "this s^le. ¦
S EXHIBITION TO-DAY. ;
S ' A. W. LOUDERBACK, Sffi ¦
5 Aft 'Auctioneer. r • • g|
¦ YUZUK 8c COMPANY, >5
H ' '" : * ¦ .* " 23O POST ST.. '' ¦
B BBBBflflBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBflBBBflBBBBBflBBBBflflBBBP
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
FBOM FOUB STATES.
Testimony to the Sfflcacy of the XTew
¦ Scientific DandruiT Treatment,
.lanios i". Howe of Livingston. Mont.:
'"t!< rpioide o-.ir<»d my dandruff and
¦topped rny liair falling."
Onuise HCCombs, tit. Anthony. Idaho:
""ii'irplcide cleaned my scalp of dandruff
and made my hair soft as silk and glos-
*v."
\\\ 1L Otis, barber. Champaign. 111.: "I
'used llerpicide on one customer for dan-
«!n;ff and on another for falling hair
aritb fxcpllcnt results."
F. AY. Woody tasnistant postmaster*.
<*hampaign. 111.: "Horplcide completely
# ttoprWl my falling hair."
w T. J. Bcntley. Shori<lan. Wyo.: "Hcrpi-
. J».'.c excellent for clftaning the scalp."
Sold by leading druggists. Sond 10c in
stamps for sample to The Hcrpicide Co.,
j>otroit. Mich.
' -'CASTOR .1 A
Fox infants and Children.
Tiis Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears tie / r 7p S/Strf 4 f
c S^nature of (-&L£Z^7)f£ /&&&&£
/g&t Printing
Send to ywur orders. I can Co them »t
LOWER PHICES
Than anybo<3r rise, because I've rot the
¦ -. - of this business and hare the proper
cquiprtcnti.
Here are a few flcures:
Ttoil of 9 1©"! Roll of 12 15r.
— PRINTING—
Sol:4 Cnlth, 8c to Sc. Veloz fl.-.ith, 8e to Cc
Mail orders proirptly filled.
ioo^;k N^5o<t
CORSCCl STVlti *NO HZtS ALSO
euS"»xcs!> *no ecorr*5iow*.L c*RO5
THAT MAN PITTS
rwfllTTb tm St .t..-.r
1003 Market Street •£**£
m«it DR. JORDAN'S orc»t2
>MUSEU!H OF A3flT0MY$
a (7ft i::iKLZZt".zz.t:i.i'\t:-±,z.T.:i\.A
\ 'Or Tt> r i -* T X rtt A"»t<««e»l Mu*«sm to tfc* \
4Q Tit-.: Worid. \Ve*kac*set or *ny rtmmct&i Q
• %^te^i « v»f p««ltl»rlr c»r»< 17 The eldra T
© /Ij'wJl s> * >ec **' lvt °" •*• C° Jtt ' H«.;4>c»r». O
0 ««5Kr A DR * JORSAN-O'SEASEjB OF KEN
A T T»^i H Tt«»tm»rt t>»rsor*1ly or r-y l»t»rr. A g
V m ff CT H /mw« Cwr« ,n ««}¦ ct5tu?.drrt»kc«. T
A * If 11 A u >t» for P>ck. PBll,OikorBV.fA
.' "' '/ H™ m #««!*«.•:. maiu-.o r«ti. Uf
'\ Jl M, *aiu«blr beak far nn| A
' tStt. J»BUA> A CO.. 1051 3lRrt»tHt.8. F. V
You must have a peculiar
tea taste if no-one of the five
Schilling's Best is " right for
you ; and coffee four.
.^ Your grocer's; money back.
I 9 fe ROTHERS] . I
DROP iff,A^^igS^^ m
I WE PREPAY FREIGHT 1
i ON COUNTRY ORDERS. WRITE FOR ESTIMATES. I
I 3-D.A.Y SPECIALS. I
I LIQUORS. 1 I
I HERMITAGE WHISKY TOKAY and AHGEXtXCA ' WXSE . . . M
¦ full quart bot. !»<»«•; gfal. $3. 5O gallon 77»C 9
H Bourbon or Rye: high proof ;-reg. Sweet, palatable Table Wine. Cal- M
B '$1.25 ami $4.50. ifornia Wine Association. Reg. Eg
R WHITE HORSE SCOTCH, .bot. $1 $1.00. »
¦ White Horse Cellar. Reg. 51.25. TOKAY and AITOELICA WISE... il
B "1879" NAGLEB BEAHDY. Whit* gallon 75c »
B Label.. bot. $1.1 5; doz. $i:i.OO Sweet, palatable Wine. California 1
H Aped 24 years in wood before bot- Wine Association. Reg. $1.00. m
H tlinpr. lies. $1.50.- ¦ : "A,. "^ OltX> CHOW WHXSKT. .bot. 91. OO Q
S AAA SHEBBT WIKE Bottled In bond. Reg. $1.25. m
1§ «ral. S5c; 5-sral. $4.25, keg: free PLYMOUTH OUT bottle SoC 9
m Superior quality. Coates' Genuine. Reg. $1.00. V
E FBZVATE STOCK POBT WINE... FABST MALT TONIC. doz. $2.10 ¦
g jrallon SI .00 Reg. $2.40. B
M Light color; exquisite flavor; 3 FTTBS OBAPE BBAHDY W-
¦n years old: Aurora Vineyard. > gallon & 1 .7.% M
m GTTXXTZrESS' FOETEB. .dos. $1.75 For cooking or table; high proof. B
Eg Genuine "English Stout. No Reg. $2.25. jg
m ' limit. Reg. $2.10. f. SE TURK'S WIVES 9
¦ OLD KENTUCKY BOUBBON XX Claret. . .qt. ,1O<S doz. g.'I.I 5 S
¦ gallon $1 .So Dry Sautern«qt.45c;do3. $4.75 I
|| Straight Whisky. Full proof. Reg. Tonic Port quart 6O«» |
gj $2.50. XXX Cognac quart S1.1O
I GROCERIES.
H -*-""~"~~"" i SOHEPP'S SHBEODEO COCOA-
m — ntjt pound lOc
gj f^T "~^~~~*~-~~^ Long threads; fresh and moist.
¦ Vw\\w$7, %; **<$'/£/] EASTEBJT HAMS pound 12VsC
vi \llil !$*['' I far ~V/A Sweet. All sizes. Lean. Monday
[3 <^^^'i/' >! 'J /r c#*A" el?r <* PAHOT MIXED HUTS.. pound IOC
¦3 s * s O^5si! 0v' T£/ ' -k* -All kinds. Sweet and meaty. Reg.
¦ H s "v^-^^^^-* ss-J *^' BEST OSAll ui«ATED SUGAR....
ft]! ih --*"'"(^ 30 pounds $1.OO
» FANCY CBEAMEBY BUTTEB.... "Spreckels." Fine; dry; pure cane.
ffB ; j> m . .sqtuLre 35c With orders.
Is This means all the Select Brands IMPORTED MACAEONI. . . .Ib. Tin
fgj of Humboldt. Marln and Sonoma .Finest quality. Italian. Reg. 10c. ffl
§9 County Creameries. . QUEEN OLITES. . .full qt. bot 20c S
HH STEYXEB'S SAND SOAP Price has never been equaled In I
kS 8 bar« 25c San Francisco. Reg. 60c size. H
H Queen of the Kitchen. SALMON TBOUT, Whole ri«b...l Oc
E| LIVEBPOOL SALT. .50-lb. sk. 3Oc Weigh from 4 to 6 pounds each. I
W Genuine imported; table. Reg. 50c. IMPOBTED SWISS CHEESE
H| EASTERN BOLLED OATS pound 25c
ra . . . . : 10 pounds 25c Perfect flavor. Short grain. Reg.
H Sweet and fresh. 35c.
m OLD GOVERNMENT JAVA.lb. 30c PURE LEAF LASD. .S-lb. can 50c
H We are headquarters for good Kettle rendered. Reg. 65c.
19 Coffees. Our Old Government LOG CABIN MAPLE SYBUP
EB Java has proved our most popu- ffallon $1.OO
|5j lar drawing card; 40c at other "Towles." New cut price. Reg. js
Wjpfflmm A re you going
jg^H^^^^^ST We are arranging Special Parties
Wjfl SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Wlf i Through Tourist Cars, Fine Scenery
1 Call or send postal to
I S'Fs BOO TH, General Agent U» P. R>R.
1 Montgomery St., San Francisco
or any Southern Pacific Agent
GRAPE-NUTS.
-~ !il ~- :--¦--.. -. — .— --¦¦—-. ..... —
Can feel
Effect
In strength all
/day on
GHAPE-NUTSBERKELEY, April 3.— Dr. Lyman
Abbott, editor' of The Outlook, : suc
cessor to the late Henry Ward
Beecher. and who has come to Berke
ley to give the annual course of the
E. T.* Earle lectureship, , preached the
Celebrated Divine Preaches Sermon
:?\ on the; Resurrection. , .
DR. ABBOTT IN BERKELEY.
Organist Shown Appreciation.
; William H. Holt, the organist and
choirmaster of Grace Church, was pre
sented with a purse last nigftt by. the
ladies* choir and one of the vestrymen
at me close 0/ the service as a mark of
esteem and recognition of his services.
The amount in the purse reached al
most JIOU.
Board Indorses the Bill.
OAKLAND, April 2. — The bill now
pending before Congress relative to
increasing the pay of mail carriers,
has been Indorsed by the directors of
the Oakland Board of Trade.
! Charles N. Dabney was taken to the
entral Emergency Hospital last
ight suffering from delirium tremens
nd locked up in the insane ward.
Kibney occupied a room at the Ven
ome House. 1204 Market stre>t. and
le night clerk, alarmed by hls'con-
Ition. called Patrolman Roediger.
pon entering the room occupied by
•e Insane man. Roediger found him
rouching behind the door, armed
ith a Filipino machete. He Imme
lately made for the policeman with,
le murderous blade and a hand to
and struggle ensued. Roediger flnal
./ overpowered the maniac and placed
the handcuffs on him.
Battles* With a Maniac
They, also secured a quantity of giant
powder and cans.' They climbed on a
wagon, and. one of the boys ' placed
some of the black powder on the seat
and touched a match to it.- The flash
ignited { the. 1 powder in the : pockets of
the boys and ; In an Instant they- were
terribly ; < burned, r Their clothing was
completely - burned" from . their bodies.
The . cartridges in BushnelJ's pockets
exploded and nlne ; of them lodged in 1
hia legs. Fortunately the giant pow
der did not explode. The injured boys
were taken to the hospital In Provo.
The three boys, together with Alvin
Loverldge, left their home in Provo
this morning for a day's oijting in the
canyon. They carried a quantity of
black powder and 22 caliber cartridges
In their pockets. ;
SALT LAKE, April 3. — As a result
of playing with powder and, matches
three boys will die and one will he
crippled for life. The fatally injured
are Walter Bushnell. Joseph Hill and
Archie McBride, all aged from 14 to
16 years. • .
Flash of a Match. Causes Explosion
of Cartridges in Their
Pockets. * / "•
BOYS PLAY WITH POWDER
AND THREE WILL DIE
The returning soldiers traveled in
two special- trains and with : them five
military ¦„ prisoners and seven others,
deported by orders of the military.
They; were .taken as, far. aa Ridgeway
arid .to remain ; away ¦from
Tellurtde. 3 Several of the deported men
had ' previously ;been i evicted j and had
returned | to Telluride under protection
of< the '¦¦¦•. injunction'^ issued , by^JudgQ
Theron Stevens of . Ouray. ; It is said
that < the i five prisoners referred to had
requested Adjutant General Bell to!or
der; ! their | removal | from the district [ so
that they? inight -secure their freedom
f rpm '¦;, confinement. General Bell " : , still
remains at Tellurlde in active
command of the troops.'
DENVER, April 3.— According to
special 'dispatches from Tellurlde -all
of the troops sent there when martial
law was re-established ten days ago,
with the exception of the Meeker • cav
alry and. the home troop, left the camp
to-day under orders to proceed to their
home stations. This leaves less ; than
one hundred, militiamen at Camp Tel
luride. .
All but a Hundred Militiamen Return
Home*, Taking Five Mllitary
Prisoners. "
SOLDIERS ARE ORDERED
TO LKAVE TELLURIDE
OAKLAND, April 3. — J. H. O'Neill,
who lives at 999 Grace street. Golden
Gate, had a row with his wife to
night and she hit him in the face with
a tin coffee pot. The spout struck his
left eye and the doctors at the Re
ceiving Hospital say that the sight ha3
been permanently destroyed.
Destroys Husband's Eye.
Local No. 41 of the Bartenders" Inter
national ,League gave its second an
nual picnic at Shell Mound Park yes
terday. Ideal picnic weather prevailed
and the grounds were thronged until a
late hour last night with a large crowd
of merry-makers. Nothing occurred to
mar the day's pleasure and excellent
order was maintained. . Dancing in the
pavilion was the main attraction, but
other amusements had been provided
The following committee was in charge
of the dance: Floor manager. Al Con
drotte; assistant, flopr manager, J. H
O'Brien: floor eomrnittee-^-E. J ' Kelly*
H. Caro, J. J. Travers, W. Kugler L.'
Fulham, T. F. Gavin and E. C. Diebner
.Picnic of the Bartenders,
OAKLAND, April 3. — Dr. R. A.
Archibald, milk inspector, will talk
to the Women's Civic Improvement
Club on Monday afternoon, April 4, at
3:30 o'clock, in Chabot Observatory
Hall, on the inspection- of dairies. Dr.
C. H. Rowe, city chemist, -will also ad
dress the same meeting on milk an
alysis. The public Is invited.
Woman's Club Meeting.
ALAMEDA. April 3. — Mrs. J. A.
McLauphlin of San Francisco, with
Miss Efne Toung and William Young
of 3268 Central avenue, were capsized
while sailing in San Leandro Bay. off
the foot of Central avenue, this after
noon. Albion Doe rescued the party
with a row boat while they were en
deavoring to wade ashore through the
shallow water.
Measure Party Capsized
Hartley transferred the leases to the
Texas, Company, which openly
acknowledges % the transaction. The
Houssierrie -Latreille Company says
it was deceived and believed it
was dealing with a representative of
the Independent producers of Texas
who are fighting the Standard. It is
reported the deal involves fabulous
prices. •
GALVESTON, Texas, April 3. —The
Standard' Oil Company has at last se
cured a foothold' In the Louisiana oil
field, and it has been discovered that
pver Gj)O acres in the proven oil fields
in and about Jennings have been leased
to the corporation.
The trust has been trying to get into
this field for two years, but the Louisi
ana oil producers having suffered by
the Standard's operations in the early
history, a Texas gusher field fought
its. attempt to secure foothold in that
States The leases were secured by the
Houssierrie - Latreille Company of
Franklin, one of the latest oil com
panies In Louisiana leasing its holdings,
which include thirty-two producing
wells, to James Hartley, who is an at
torney for the Texas Oil Company, of
which John W. Gates is president. The
Texas Oil. Company is recognized as a
branqh of the ; Standard, operating In
Texas, and suit is now pending against
it in the coyrts. .
Special Dispatch to The Call
President Wheeler has announced the ap
pointment of the committees to take charge
of the arrangements for the Bryce Historical
essay competition, and to provide for the
future WeJnstock lectures. Upon the W'eln
stock lectureship committee will be Professor
Adolph C. Miller. Carl C. Plehn and Charles
M. Bakewell. Professor H. Morse Stephens
and Bernard Moses havr been appointed the
Bryce essay committee. These two will select
a third member, according to the conditions
under which the offer was made by Regent
Rudolph J. Taussig.
President Wheeler and Captain de H. Walte,'
commandant of the cadet regiment, are about
to select from among the officers of the com
mand two officers whom they will recommend
for a second lleutenantcy In the United States
array. From thes« two a board appointed by
the War Department will select one as quali
fied for holding a second lleutenantcy. The
Instructions accompanying the order for these
appointments- comprehend the selection by an
examining board, also appointed by the War
Department, of six educational institutions In
which military training is given, from which,
such recommendations will b» made. The ap
pointment of second lieutenants In the manner
mentioned is held conditional upon the occur
rence of vacancies in the list of second lieu
tenants in the regular army after the gradu
ates from the. West Point Academy have been
provided for. .
The design of Miss Florence Fislc of the
freshman class for the cover of % the Blue and
Gold has been accepted by the editors.
Th»» Glee Club is contemplating a tour of
the Eastern Suites and a visit to the St. Louis
Fair. A committee from the club will mc-°t
the executive committee* of the Associated
{Students next Wednesday to talk over the
project.
A S. King '09. ha* been honored with a
research assls'tanUhip by the ofneeri of the
Carnegie Institute. Mr. King was laet year
granted his doctor's degree by the University
of California, and at present is studying In
Bonn. Germany. His special line of study is
spectrofcopy.
BERKELEY. April 3.— The entertainment
to be siven by the Prytanean Society" this
year will take the form of a Kirrness. It will
be held on the evening of April 14 in Co-ed
Canyon, and the proceeds will be devoted to
the hospital fund. Electric lights will be used
In great number amonK the tree*, and there
will be booths representing all the great na
tlonf. decorated in their national colors. The
vlvlton will be regaled with a programme of
music and »ong. The committee of arrange
ment! convicts* of the Misses Beatrice Snow,
Alice Graham. Louiae Ehrmann, Edna
Wilde. Marion Leale. Ethel Richardson. Mrs.
Morgan and Mrs. Mariam. The booths will
be in charge of the Misses Elizabeth Arnold,
Myrtle Sims. Hazel McGraw. Edith Nichols.
Sara Wedd. Mollie Day. Saidee Sturttvant,
Rubena Jess and Tuallah \-» Conte.
The debaters of the freshman class will
have a "Jolly up" at eome date near the end
of the month to signalize the close of the
term's work. It will consist of a little ban
quet and informal programme. The commit
tee in charge consists of W. W. Lyman. E.
X. Bryan and W. A. Benner. The debating
«w>riety will elect of fleers, at the next meet
ing and at th* name time the following ques
tion will be discussed: "'Resolved. That the
tnterert of the Russian people at the
present time would be beet served by a limited
monarchy." The affirmative will be pre
sented by C. H. Curran and H. K. Dwelle and
the negative by E. L.. Nelson and B. II. Boeh
rner.
OAKLAND. April 3. — Al Steele, 24
years old, claiming to be a commercial
traveler, wa* arrested this afternoon
by Policeman Mulgrew, as a worthless
{heck swindler. George E. Fairchild,
R Washington-street shoe merchant,
identified Steele as the man that
passed, a spurious check for $10 at
the store last night in payment for
a pair of shoes. Steele received $6 in
«. hansre and disappeared with coin and
Fhoes.
Check Passer Arrested
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
cian Geddis attending him
SAN JOSE, April 3.— In an affray be
tween two. Italians to-night Chauncy*
Pizanni, one of the combatants. wa3
stabbed several times with a large
knife. He is in a precarious condition.
His assailant, said to be Peter Cabocia,
Is still at large. Both men reside oa
Dupont street, where the affray oc
curred. * -
Pizanni states that he and Caboda.
were walking home together when a
quarrel started, resulting in the as*
sault with a knife. It is believed tha?A
bad blood has existed between them.
however, for some time. Pizanni was
taken to the receiving hospital. City
Physician Harris and Assistant Physi-
TWO ITALIANS FIGHT
AND ONE IS STABBED
Heaviest Producing Gusher
Fields in Texas Fall Into
Standard Company's Hands
TRUST CETS OIL
LAND IN SOOTH
OAKLAND, April 3. — The great
Biblical rlay, "The Holy City." the
plot of which deals with sacred his
torical incidents leading up to the
crucifixion, •will be presented next
week at Ye Liberty Playhouse by the
James Neill Company.
The theme of "The Holy City" is the
conversion of Mary of Magdala, and
there is no doubt that its production
will be the event of the Weill season
at the Liberty. "The Holy City" has
leceivod the indorsement of clergy
men of many denominations, for in its
manner of dealing with sacred char
acters and its reverential tone
throughout, it is a play that accom
plishes much pood.
XEII.Ii COMPANY WIFJj
PRODUCE "THE HOLY CITY"
Dr. Abbott's first. Earle lecture Will
be given Tuesday evening in the First
Presbyterian Church. : There will be
four other lectures on the following
dates: Thursday, April 7; Friday,
April 9; Monday, April 11, and Tues
day, April 12. The general subject
of the course will be "Christianity
and the Church." ,
The Easter music at the First
Presbyterian ; Church to-day was
sung by an, augmented .choir. The
following numbers .¦".-, were rendered:;
Anthem, (double v quartet, t'They
Have "Taken,. , Away: My Lord";:
violin -solo,': Walter r Manchester; "con
tralto solo, ; ''Every, Flower .That Blos
soms": soprano solo, "The 'Dawn _• of
Hope": nnthem,". with bass solo.;- "As
Sleep ! Takes Flight." The ; sermon was
Christ Is here to-day just as. well as eight
een centuries ago. ' It Is for us not so Imoorr
tant that he was raised up from the dead
eighteen centuries afro as It is. that he lives
to-day. He is the living Christ of this day
and age. ¦ ¦ ' .. *O
Death is simply the separation of the soul
from the body. Death, and resurrection are
synonymous terrrs. In one way we look at
the body, in another after, the spirit. This Is
not the on! v world for us. Christ told his
disciples that he was going to prepare the Way
for his people In another world. '"Where I am
there may ye be." He goes to prepare a place
for you. He says, "To-day thou Mia It be
with me," not to-morrow or on the day of
Judgment or some far oft. time, but to-day.
Death and resurrection, as I have xaid, are
synonymous. eimu!tu"neou«. The spirit is al
ways there, even as It Is In sleep. No one
knows where the soul troes In sleep, yet it is
always there at -awakening. Sleep Is the par
able of death. Christ .demonstrated this when
he came bark to hin disciDles." It was an il
lustration that his body might be killed, but
not his spirit. He demonstrated that he lived
and triumphed over death. ' . ,
What we call death irt the simple passing
of the soul. The body In the Ground Is th-i
end of It. but the soul goes upward. When
we nlant a seed of wheat the seed does not
come up, but the stalk and the rest of It. A
child develops into youth, then manhood, then
declines with age and then drdps off. but God
glvps this new body and takes it to him.
The relations of the spirit to the body are
manlfent In three wayp. First, the body min
isters to the spirit: that is. the Inner life of
the spirit develops the bodily oreans. Second,
the bodily organs are the means of communi
cation betwetn different spirits, between men
and men. Third, after the body decays and is
cast oft by the spirit God .•_ receives ' It ' In an
other world. - :
The resurrection was not an extraordinary
event. It was simply an ordinary event that
was magnified in the eyes of the people who
did not know. The first orange that appeared
in the groves of Southern California is an ex
traordinary event, but when others follow in
myriads U Is quite an ordinary thing.
The flrst - impression of a man Is of his
physical belne. i Everything centers about his
physical organism. When this ducays he thinks
life has decayed, too. All througn the pagan
a;;es that was the impression that men had.
It was h common conceDtlou among the He
brews. Death to them was substantially the
end of all. Even In the book of Job we' find
that this opinion prevails.
But us men grew, after the teaching of
Christ, they cane to see that there was more
hope. It became the custom to keep the bodies
of their dead in tiepulchers and cellars so
that upon the day of promised resurrection
the spirit would know where to find the body.
They thought the soul, when l.t separated from
the body, went to some underground world and
remained until God came to raise' it.
Christ taucht the Immortal nature of the
soul. He taught that the body was merely
transitory, the mere. Instrument for the tran
sition of the spirit. He gave a striking illus
tration of thl* when he raised up Lazarus.
Martha thought the resurrection was to come
in the far future, but he paid. "I am the res
urrection and the life."
easier sermon tnis morning in me
First Congregational Church. There
was'a large concourse of people pres
ent eager to hear the eminent
preacher. In honor of the occasion,
the church was handsomely 'decor
ated with palms and fruit blossoms
and an augmented choir rendered an
excellent programme of sacred songs.
Dr. J. K. McLean, president of the
Pacific Theological .Seminary, pre
sented Dr. Abbott to the congrega
tion. Dr. Abbott led in the prayer
and for the sermon took his'text from
Corinthians 15:20: "Now is Christ
risen from the dead and become the
first fruit of them that slept." In
part, he said:
I Sacred edifice dedicated yes
terday and minister THAT
WILL, PRESIDE THEREIN. [
- "Of course many details have to be
considered before this annex is under
taken," said Mr.. Pollok last evening,
"and for that reason I would have pre
ferred that the -matter would not be
given any publicity, but you, may say
that the annex will be built under some
arrangement." ;¦ .
The .construction work will -not in
any way interfere with the business of
the hotel, for the wing will he built and
made ready for occupation before it is
connected by corridors with the present
building.
Manager Allan Pollok and the direct
ors of the St. Francis- Hotel are al
ready planning an annex to that new
hostelry. Although it has not yet been
determined whether the Crocker estate,
which owns the hotel and the frontage
on Powell street adjoining the St. Fran
cis, will build the annex or lease the
ground to the hotel company for pur
poses of Improvement, it was an
nounced yesterday that another wing
¦will be added to the new structure,
¦with the idea of giving the hotel an ad
ditional capacity of about 250 rooms.
The former site of the Cosmos Club
was purchased by the Crocker estate
shortly after its plans for the St. Fran
cis Hotel had been ordered, the idea
being to add to the hotel at some fu
ture date. In .fact, the hotel was de
signed so that an annex could be read
ily constructed, but It was not thought
at the time that It would be needed for
many years to come. The success of
the new hotel, however, has impressed
upon the management the immediate
need of more facilities, and no time has
been wasted in giving the matter con
sideration.
Manager Pollok admitted last even
ing that plans were under considera
tion, and he also confirmed a report to
the effect" that James Mahoney, the
well known builder, will leave for the
East in a few days for the purpose of
inspecting some of the modern hotels
now in course of construction and get
ting the latest suggestions in structural
art, with Che idea of applying them to
the addition of the St. Francis.
One of the problems now ,under con
sideration by the directors of the hotel
company concerns the most advantage
ous manner in which the space be
tween the present north wing and the
proposed new one may be used for a
driveway to facilitate the reception of
guests. The architects have suggested
that the space: be converted into a
glass covered court, through which en
trance to the present hotel and the new
portion can be gained by doorways sit
uated In line with the present corridor
that extends across the building.
The space adjoining, now occupied as
Manager Pollok's private office, will be
reconstructed into a shaft for the ac
commodation of two additional eleva
tors.
Management of St. Francis
Already Planning Annex
for the Uptown Hostelry
WILL ADD WING
TO NEW HOTEL
The officers of the First Presbyterian
Church are: Frank . Spencer Brush,
D. D., pastor; elders— S. A. Sabin, J.
E. Baker, E. F. Burrell, J. W. Brown,
A. J. Burgner, W. M. Murray, George
A. Gielow; deacons — J. H. de Nise, R.
H.'Baird, A. C. Shoup, Mrs. C. Fox.
Mrs. A. A. Beardsley; trustees— J. E.
Baker, P. W. Barton, J. W. Brown; E.
F. Burrell, R. L. Simpson, C..H. Brad
ley, W. C. Culbert, A. J. Burgher, H.
K. Jackson.
In speaking of the novel style of
architecture selected for the new
church, Rev. Dr. Brush said: ,
The edifice could not have been properly
erected in Gothic style without an increased
expenditure of $SOOO or $10,000. Now, no one
has a right to build beyond his means. Then,
too. Gothic style requires stone more than,
does the Grecian style. The cheaper one's
material, the simpler should be the lines of
structure. Of all abominations cheap adorn
ments are the worst, "and worst of all tn
church architecture. Simplicity in religion Is
even more vital than reverence; A building
covered with wooden towers, in imitation of
the great stone cathedrals, is a mockery and
travesty. "Our n*w church Is simple, honest
and exactly suited to the congregation.
The larger windows are installed to
the memory of Rev. Rodney L. Tabor
and Rev. E. Y. Garrette, deceased
pastors of the church; Mrs.. Haslett,
David G. Alexander, Mrs. Hastings,
Josiah Hand, Mrs. Caroline Webster,
the Missionary Society, the' Christian
Endeavor, the Junior Endeavor, the
Boys' Brigade and the Ladies' Social
League. *
NOVEL ARCHITECTURE.'.
Rev. Frank S. Brush, pastor of the
First Presbyterian Church, and who
has been untiring in his labors to house
his congregation in a home adequate
for its wants, thanked those who had
worked with him and urged them all
to follow up the good beginning and
never to relax their energies in pro
moting the interest of the church and
of religion.
The new edifice is 110 feet Jong and
63 feet wide. It is constructed entirely
of wood. The fourteen large stained
glass windows in the sides cover more
of the area than does the lumber In
the sides.
Rev. E. E. Baker o' the First Pres
byterian Church of Oakland, who
preached the dedicatory sermon, said
in part:
This is a religious home that I? an inspira
tion to me. a testimonial to the zeal and faith
of the pastor, officers and members of this con
gregation, a monument to Christianity and a
credit to Alameda. There is a similarity be
tween the family and the church. Both are
the main essentials of society, but one can
~et Jn a church what he cannot in a home.
It Is in the church where we come into touch
with God, where we reach out and touch the
hem of the Savior"B garment through the faith
In us. This home of religion is one that will
Inspire all who will come within its walls, and
I trust that its work in the cause of Christian
ity and humanity will increase as the years no
by. It starts on this Easter day with tha
blepsing; of God and the prayers of its mem
bers and others who believe that advancement
of the church means the advancement of so
ciety.
TESTIMONIAL TO ZEAL.
When the dedicatory exercises began
at 2:30 o'clock, the seating capacity of
the church, 800, was overtaxed and
many were provided with chairs in the
aisles, while others were forced to
stand. Following was the order of the
dedicatory ceremonies:
Procession Uu rit. sJairament (Chauvet), or
gan; doxolog> ; invocation? Rev. Uwight E.
Potter; Lord's Prayer (chanted by the choir):
Psalm Si. Kev. J. M. Alexander. Mr. Alex
ander read this psalm March. e, 1S6S, at thp
dedication of the old church; "Great . Is ' the
Lord" <Ix>hr). quartet; scripture,- Rev. L.
Potter Hitchcock; prayer. Rev. Hugh Fraser;
My Faith Looks Up to Thee (response), K. \V.
Vincent (dedicated to the fhoir of the First
Presbyterian Church. Alameda); hymn, an
nounced by Rev. F. L. Nash (pastor when the
former structure was dedicated, March 8,
186fc); sermon. Rev. E. E. Baker; prayer.
Rev. E. P. Dennett: Father. Be Thou Among
Ve in This Place (response, text by E. W.
Metcalf); "Open the Gates" (Knapp), bary
tone aolo; remarks by the pastor; Andantlno.
effertory (Reginald Barrett), organ; "Onward,
Christian Soldiers" (Schnecker), quartet; ser
vice of dedication — (a) responsive reading, (b)
hymn, "Holy, Holy," etc.. (c) prayer, (d)
The Lord Is in his holy temple (chant); hymn
57; benediction. Rev. F. L. Nash; "Alleluia"
(Jean Baptinte Calkin), organ.
ALAMEDA, April 3.— With the dedi
cation this afternoon of the new First
Presbyterian Church, on the. northeast
corner of Santa Clara avenue and
Chestnut street, a religious edifice that
in architectural design is a marked de
parture from the conventional style of
such buildings, was opened for service.
It is pure Grecian in design and its
fourteen beautiful stained glass win
dows is another feature that adds to
the attractiveness of the structure.
The Bible" school . Classes, of the
Friends' Church' joined in Easter ser
vices this morning at the, church. The
following: programme was carried out:
Song, 'Miss". Munro's class; recitation,
Mildred JessuD'.. recitation, Cinden
Naylor; duet, Albert Watkina and Rus
l sell' Cross;? exercise, : Miss 'Pearl Wat
klns'->clasa; .recitation,. Ruth Munro;
recitation,' Halrrian Rose; solo, Mr.
Warren; .exercise,; ,Miss Jessie Munro's
class; recitation", Dorothy Munro; reci
tation, Annie arid ,Carrie Cramer; duet,
Mr. and Mrs. Elmer Cole; exercise, Mrs.
Watklns' " class; symposium, leader,
Mrs. Breckenrjdge; song, classes of
Mrs. Olive Naylor and J. J. Jessup;
recitation, Pearl Laird; chorus, primary
department. This evening the pastor,
the Rev. J. H. Peel, spoke upon "A
Legend of the Risen Christ."
The Easter services at the First Bap
tist Church were conducted by the Rev.
A v $. Coats. | In the morning he spoke
upon "The Future Life in the Light of
Christ's Resurrection" and in the
evening upon "The Resurrection and
Modern 'Thought."- The special musip
waa under the direction of. Mrs. Couch.
—r- — : : -t— ! *.
proached/by^the Rev! Guy W. Wada
worthr'president'of Occidental College.
.The Rev.* "William Rogatasky
preached .this morning 'at the German
Methodist Church on "The Resurrec
tion:" • "¦ -.¦¦' . - .
V.'ith the return of pleasant weather,
the local real estate market ha3 re
sumed its activity, and the dealers re
port large sales of residence property
during the last week. The all-absorb-l
ing' topic among real i .ate men at
present is the proposed bond issue and
its- probable effect upon Oakland realty.
The dealers agree that, although th9
pro-bond sentiment has not yet exerted
noticeable influence on the sale of local
real estate, that as summer advances,
and more homeseekers begin to coma
Into this city, the bond issue will be th-»
principal factor in the sale of Oakland
real estate.
Frank J. Woodward, president of tha
Oakland Real Estate Association, ex
presses the opinion that upon the result
of the coming bond election depends
the future of the Oakland realty mar
ket. Mr. Woodward said:
The result of the bond election will maka or
break the Oakland real estate market. It the
bonds are carried the future of the market i»
assured, while, en the other hand, \' th*
bonds meet defeat at the pells values v. ;:i
gradually depreciate. During the last weeic
the volume of business in Oakland real estatv
has steadily increased. Tho ' pleasant weather
has had a most beneficial effect on the market,
enabling prospective investors to get around
and examine property, the result being an im
mediate increase in business. Amcrg the rnora
important sales recently made by us are t.i->
following: '»
The Morehouse residence on the corner *^
Oakland and Hayo Vista avenues, to Vr. < .^3
J. Boyes. price 115.000: 400 feet frontage oa
Twenty-fourth street and Bay place; lot ca
Sixteenth street, near Brush, to J. II. Elli.«.
J210O; cottage* on West street, near Fourteenth,
to Charles . Garwood. J2C0O; lot on Valdes
street, near Twenty-sixth, to Walter SI.
Mackey. |l(jtiO; residence en Seventh avenue.
East Oakland, to H. H. Thurmann. (10.GC0.
One of the most important trans
actions of the last month was the sale
of 200 feet front on Clay street, between
First and Second, opposite Westphal
& Son's mill, to the Sperry Flour Com
pany. The purchasers will at once
erect a larse warehouse on the prop
erty. This sale was made through the
office of J. H. Macdonald & Co.
William J. Laymance of the Lay
mance Real Estate Company said:
The opening of the spring: market has been
very satisfactory and inquiries from streamers
through advertising more evident thar, ever
before.
The announcement made yesterday ' that tha
Santa Fe Railroad Company on and after
April 22 will route all Oakland freight an-i
passenger traffic direct is a great step for
ward for Oakland and is destined to bare ma
terial effect upon real estate in this city.
The awakening of the commercial bodies of
Oakland, particularly noticeable in the mem
bership of the Oakland Board of Trade passing
the r,i.i> mark and the assurance of it reach
ing at least lOOo, and the activity with which
this body Is taking up the bond issue and
other important improvements, has created .*
most favorable impression throughout tha
State regarding the future possibilities <\
Oakland. . We look forward to one of the nt- ja
active years in Oakland's history along sue-*'
stantial - lines in Oakland real estate.
Notwithstanding the fact that the month
of March was greatl" broken Into by tfca
rainy weather, o'-ir sales for that month hava
registered over S10O.0OO.
A. E. Magill has recently awarded a
contract to W. T. Vietch & Co. for th=s
erection of a three-story building on
the corner of Thirteenth and Castro
streets, which will cost $30,000. . The
plans for the structure were prepared
by Architect William Knowles.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call*
HIS Broadway. April 3.
Dealers in Oakland Keal
Estate Eeport Numerous
. Important Transactions
Bulkley is a junior at the university
and a member of the University of Cal
ifornia Glee Club. He resides at 2520
Bancroft way.
Miss Engle is a daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Fred Engle. who live eight miles
out from Stockton. A telegram was
sent to them telling them of the plight
of their daughter.
Mrs. Delanoy stated this evening that
Miss Engle was in her employ for four
months and that she always appeared
to be of a cheerful disposition. Her
employer did not know that the young
¦woman had any lover. Miss Engle left
The Delanoy home yesterday at noon
for Berkeley, and returned last night
at 11:30 o'clock.
'Miss Engle"s gentleman friend, to
whom she said she was engaged, is
Mr. Bulkley," asserted Mrs. McDonald
in relating to Mrs. Delanoy what she
knew of Miss Engle's heart affairs.
"She visited me yesterday in Berkeley
and also had a talk with her admirer.
I think. Before leaving for Alameda
fhe told me that he had informed her
that he could not marry her, as he was
engaged to a rich girl. This made her
very i*esr>ondent and was probably the
reason she tried to take her life."
According to Mrs. Lucy McDonald,
who is in the employ of Mrs. A. A-
Hutchins of 2624 Bancroft way. Berke
ley, and who is a close friend of Miss
Engle, the lattfcr was the sweetheart of
Lewis Bulkley. a student at the State
I'niversity, who had lodgings at the
Hutchins residence.
There was no name or address on the
epistle. In leaving open a closet door
in her room Miss Engle permitted some
ventilation, which prevented the gas
doing its deadly work as quickly as she
expected. Dr. T. P. Titdale. who was
Fummoned to attend the patient, found
her in a very weak condition, and to
night expressed the opinion that she
was in great danger of passing away.
Before turning on the gas and lying
down to die, as she planned, the young
woman wrote a note in German, which,
translated, reads:
¦ Life is not worth living. Do not be
angry."
ALAMEDA, April 3.— Despondent be
cause she was jilted by the young man
the loved and whom she believed loved
her. Miss Marie Engle. aged 22 years
and employed in the family of F. N?
Delanoy. 2161 Central avenue, as a
servant, attempted suicide by gas last
night, and her condition* is precarious.
She was discovered this morning at
*:30 o'clock in an unconscious state by
Mrs. F. X. Delanoy, who detected the
odor of escaping carbon monoxide and
opened the door leading into Miss En
gle's room.
The annual election of a presiding
officer of the Clty# Council will be held
at : the Council meeting to-morrow
night. There are no candidates in the
field .in .opposition to George W. Dor
nin, the president, whose term expires
to-marrow night.
; Unofficially It Is, understood that
President Dornin will be re-elected and
that £he committees will remain un
changed. This will leave John L. How
ard at the head of the Auditing and
Finance Committee, A. W. Elliott as
chairman of the Ordinance and Ju
diciary Committee. Councilman Edwin
Meese as chairman of the Street Com
mittee and Alexander, McAdam as
chairman of the Municipal License
Committee. The other committee chair
men are as follows: Park and boule,
vard, W. J. Baccus; street lighting,
George Fitzgerald; wharves and water
front. J. T. Wallace; fire and water,
B. C. . Cuvellier; streets railroads,
George Aitken; public improvements,
B. H. Pendleton.
Rapid progress has been made with
the general improvements bond pro
ject, and a report on the election call
ordinance will be made to the Council
to-morrow night. A report iB also ex
pected from the special committee as
to the choice of an engineer to repre
sent the city ¦ in the water rates arbi
tration;
Oakland Office San Francjsco Call.
1118 Broadway, April 3.
In the neighboring town of Hay
wards there are but few contests.
There are three' trustees to be elected
for the full term and one for an un
expired term. For the full term
there are but three nominees for the
three places — Charles W. Heyer, M.
C. Petersen and W. J. Ramage. For
the unexpired term there are two can
didates — C. M. Buck and George W.
Kavanaugh. E. B. Haas has no op
;r>sition for treasurer, but there are
two candidates for clerk — J. A.Ober
muller and Clyde M. Reese, and three
candidates for marshal — Arthur G*
Allen, Frank Caten and Charles J.
Schilling.
Livermore has a very quiet election
m prospect, for there is not a single
contest. Nearly all of the present offi
ctrs will be returned without opposi
tion as a reward for the hard work
they have done for the municipality.
Town Marshal D. A. Smith at first de
clined to stand for re-election, but he
was so urged by his fellow, townsmen
to stand for election once more that
he finally consented and as a reward
for his work he will be elected with
out opposition. The only ticket in
the neld in Livermore is as follows:
Trustees, C. E. Beck; F. Mathiesen
and J. D. Ryan; marshal, D. A. Smith;
clerk, W. H. Wright; treasurer, W. H.
Taylor.
There are two fights in Pleasanton.
John Coffany is opposing E. E. Head,
the present marshal, for that position.
George W. Meyers is. fighting J. H.
Xeal, the present clerk, for that office.
Emeryville has a few fight". J. S.
Emery and Fred J. Stoer are candi
dates for trustees to succeed them
selves, while P. G. Lynch and C. E.
Farnam are opposed. John C. Co
burn, present clerk, has an opponent
in the person of Arthur Koele. Mar
shal Lane and Treasurer C. G. May
burn have no opposition.
There are no fights in Pinole, the
nominees being: Trustees, T. J. Stats,
J. A. Fraser, J. P- Barrett.. J. L. Wal
ton and John Sllvas; treasurer, A.
Greenfield; clerk, E. M. Downer; mar
shal, H. A. Christian.
Hercules has no contests, with the
following nominees: Trustees, J. Bir
mingham Jr.. M. Murray, W. A. Ray.
A. McDonald and B. W. Stevens;
clerk. L. Hart; treasurer, S. Birming
ham; marshal, H. McCullough.
I The annual spring elections in the
interior towns of Alameda and Con
tra Costa counties will occur a week
J from to-morrow, April 11. The tick
| ets have all been filed in accordance
I with the law and the voters are now
able to see for whom they will have
j an opportunity to vote. In no cases
j have party lines been drawn, the nom
inations all being: made by petition
and- not by convention, and in few
cases are there any contests.
In the town of San Leaiidro there
is more fight than in any other town
in the two counties.' There are three
trustees to be elected and there are
five candidates for the three places —
C. L. Best, John J. Gill. Edward
Hoerst, J. F. Hopper and William G.
Muntz. For clerk there are three
candidates — J. W. Harbert. "Anton J.
King 'and L. J. Martin. Ferdinand
Meyer has no opposition for treas
urer, but there are four candidates
for marshal — Manuel J. Bettincourt,
M. Borge. William M. Dowd and M.
Geisenhofer.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, April 3.
GOOD WEATHER
HELPS MARKET
Report on Bond Ordinance
and Water Bate Arbitra
tion Board Near at Hand
Friend Says Man in the
Case Is a Student at the
University of California
In Some of the Places but
One List of Names Is
Placed Before the Voters
IS FOUND UNCONSCIOUS
COMMITTEES, THE SAME
CONTESTS ABE" SCAliCE
Interior Towns Are Prepar
ing for Regular Municipal
Elections Held in Spring
Miss 31ai*ie Engle Attempts
to End Life Because Lover
Left Her for" Another
George Dornin to Succeed
Himself as the Chairman
of the City Legislature
JILTED WOMAN
TURNS ON GAS
PARTY LINES
ARE ALL DOWN
WILL RE.ELECT
A PRESIDENT
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 4 r 1904.
Extensive .Services Are Hefd at Formal -Opening of <Fine Edifice
of the Lord, in | Which Prominent -Pastors : Take Part and
Talented ; Vocalists -Filled to' Its -Capacity
NEW PRESEBYTERIAN CHURCH
DEDICATED ON EASIER DAY
4
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Eczema
Salt Rheum. Ringworm, Itch,
Acne, or other skin troubles,
promptlyrelievedand cured by
Hydrozone
* This scientific germicide, which
b harmless, cures by killing
disease germs. U5ed and
endorsed by the medical
profession everywhere. Sold
-by leading druggists. If not
at yours, send 25 cents for a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
my signature. Accept no
substitutes. Address
- FRSK P>l«aM(< BMWUt •¦ tk*
BEANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLA>*D-
1J 18 Broadway.
Telephone 3Iain 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 7T.
/ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4593.The holy mission to be given in St.
Patrick's Church by the Vincentian
Fathers opened at high mass yester
day and will continue until Sunday
evening, May 1. The following Vin
centian priests will conduct the mis
sion: Rev. F. J. Nugent, C. M.: Rev.
J. J. Murray, C. M.; Rev. M. S. Mor
ris, C. M.. and Rev. F. J. Moser, C. M.
The order of exercises during the
mission will be as follows: Five o'clock
a. m., mass and Instruction; 8 o'clock
a. m., mass and Instruction; 3 o'clock
p. m., stations of the cross, and 7:30 p.
m., rosary, sermon and benediction. The
evening services of the first week will
be for married women, of the second
week for married men, the third week
for unmarried women and the fourth
week for unmarried men.
Holy Mission at St. Patrick's.
to occupy it. More than 250 can find
seats In the new building-, but yester
day the church was filled to the doors
and were unable to gain en
trance. Only the nave of the church
has been erected, it being intended to
add transepts when needed. The fifty
foot frontage oh Masonic avenue, near
Haight street, provides ample room for
such expansion.
, An elaborate musical programme In
keeping with the Easter anniversary
was rendered yesterday morning in
connection with, the administration of
the • holy communion. Rev. W. E.
Hayes of St. Luke's parish officiated.
Miss A. S. Tobey presided at the or
gan. Selections were given by a choir
of male and female voices under the
direction of Mrs. E. J. Malmgren and
by the Misses Fuhrer, violin and 'cello.
The church was beautifully decorated
with Bermuda lilies and evergreens.
All Saints has a growing Sunday
school, with a membership already
numbering more 'than 100. The collec
tions yesterday morning and at the
Sunday-school service in the afternoon
netted about $300 toward the payment
for the church.
Grace Church, California and Stock
ton . streets, was crowded with wor
shipers long before the 11 o'clock serv
ice began.
The noble edifice was ' most beauti
fully decorated with Burmah and calla
lilies, and a reproduction in blossoms
of the Leland Stanford Jr. memorial
cross, sent by Mrs. Stanford, was one
of the beautiful floral emblems. The
ladles of Grace church decorated the
church and on the pulpit was arranged
a floral memorial to tha lamented pas
tor, the Rev. Mr. Foute.'
The Rev. David J. Evans, the new
Reo. David Evans, Successor to the Late
Dr. Foute, Gives His First
i Sermon at Grace.
MEWl RECTOR MAKES
STRONG IMPRESSION
Chemulpo, the port of Seoul, the cap
ital of Korea, looks out over a vast
shallow bay, where. the tide rises thirty
feet.
Soldier Hurt by Train.
OAKLAND, April 3. — John Bates,
a soldier connected with the Sixtieth
Coast Artillery, stationed at the Pre
sidio in San Francisco, was found un
conscious on the track of the South
ern Pacific, near West Berkeley, to
night. He had evidently been struck
by a train. He is seriously injured
and will probably die, his skull being
badly- fractured and. one leg broken.
Papers in his pocket show that he i*
24" years of age and comes from Ten
nessee.
The boy entered the room, turned
up the gas and began undressing. Be
fore he had removed all his clothing
he was overcome by the fumes and
fell to the floor unconscious. An hour
later his father became alarmed at
his long absence and forced an en
trance to the room. .The young man
was found unconscious and died,
despite a doctor's efforts.
The cause of the escaping gas was
the absence of a vent^from the heat
er, no p,ipe having been run out of the
room and this permitted the fumes
from the gas to fill the room the same
as if it had been turned directly from
the pipes into the room. On previ
ous occasious three other members
of the family were overcome by the
fumes, but they- were discovered in
time to save their lives. The Coroner
will institute an investigation.
LOS ANGELES, April 3. — Arthur F.
Bowles, aged 16 years, son of F.- C.
Bowles, a well known merchant of Loa
Angeles, was asphyxiated this fore
noon at his home on West Twenty
eighth street while trying to use an
instantaneous gas heater In a bath
room.
£p(ria! Dispatch to Th» Call.
Son of Prominent Los An
geles Merchant the Vic
tim of a Bathroom Heater
GAS DESTROYS
A BOY'S LIFE
-The -Turks always; eat. their opium,
while Cthe'.Chinese. smoke it. .
SERVICES IN NEW
PLACE OF WORSHIP
The handsome new ; frame church
building erected by the .; Episcopal '. con
gregation of All Saints, which was for
merly a. mission ; of St. l Stephen's par
ish but is' now 'a 1 part of St. , Luke's,
was .opened' for religious " services yes
terday morning. -The structure was be
gun ; only- a -month ago,' bu^t has been
completed .sufficiently, to permit its use
by the large number of members ready
; A; feature -of ; the; day was "the- chil
dren's Easter festival. vwhlchtook'place
at : 3 o'clock ¦ In * the.' afternoon;; and -was
St. Stephen's' Church, -Fulton street,
between Webster >*and Filrriore, ' was
crowded> with devout 'worshipers: yes
terday. The sacred edifice was adorned
with Burmah^ lilies and other, flowers
of .the season.';,/ •: ¦• ¦
Holy communion was celebrated at 8
and ',9. o'clock -and there 5 was morning
prayer, sermon.' and holy ; communion
at 11 o'clock, at which service the choir
rendered .the 'anthem, ¦:. "Christ Our
Passover".- In C (Buck); Te Deum and
Jubilate In E ¦ flat (Buck): - For
the offertory .the; anthem? "Why Seek
ye the Living Among the Dead?'.' '(S. F.
Warren) .-was' rendered with deep'feel
ing. . ¦ '.'i. , , if' ?-f(C ';¦- '""-- '- :''\'
YOUTH'S FESTIVAL
9 AT ST. STEPHENS
At 7:30 p. m. there was evensong and
children's service. : Frank Lokyer was
the soloist of the occasion.. The Rev.
Mr. Lee preached also at the night ser
vice. . , .
St. James • Church ¦¦ (Richmond Dis
trict) .looked pretty in Its floral decora
tions, which were most artistically ar
ranged. The first celebration was at
7:30 o'clock in the morning, and the
second celebration and prayer service
was conducted bv the Rev. S." J/ tee*
at 11 o'clock.' Mrs.; McClevert was the
soloist and rendered the sacred vocal
numbers with beautiful effect. .-•'"
PRETTY SERVICE AT
ST. JAMES CHURCH
At 7:43 o'clock'the congregation again
filled the church for evensong, and, be
sides, there* was a Sunday-school fes
tival service, which was conducted* by
the rector, the Rev. L. C. Sanford. . *
Tho service was chiefly choral and
Included the Introit "Angels Roll the
Rock Away, 1 ' "Kyrie" in E flat (Cruik
shank). the rousing' hymn "Lift " tip
Your Voices Now" .(Naylor) .and the
hymn "At the Lamb's -High Feast We
Sing." , '
• The Church of St. John the Evangel
ist, Fifteenth street, near Valencia,
never looked prettier than yesterday.
Always a most imposing structure, the
churcn presented a. remarkable scene of
beauty with its exquisite blossoms of
many colors.
attention given 'the eloquent discourse
the great congregation was enraptured
with the profound sacred music ren
dered by the choir. The anthems "This
Is the Day" -(Ketelnev) . and "Lord
Jesus Thou to All" (Gounod) were
beautifully rendered. : v
The floral > emblems in the church
were ! varied, the central ideii in the
decoration of the edifice being an Im
mense cross of lilies. ; •
ST. JOHN'S BRIGHT
WITH DECORATIONS
' St. Paul's Church, California street,
near Fillmore, was handsomely decor
ated with Burmah lilies and beautiful
spring, flowers and greens and the mu
sic was magnificently rendered.'
: The Rev. W. MaxwcllReilly, the rec
tor. , assisted by . the . Rev. William H.
Hoff,. conducted the' services and the
choir '-.'."was:.; directed, by the- organist,
John Haraden; Pratt. ¦ .The Easter^ :¦ an
them, . . "Christ, v our : Passover, is ; Sacri
ficed x. for ¦>M7s,",.~and the.' communion
hymn.-' "Hark! :, Ten . Thousand 'Voices
Sounding,"; were among the ; beautiful
numbers ' rendered. The offertory soloj
"Hbsahria." V,(Grainer), . was sung -by
Alfred:. Cogswell, with cornet obligato
by iVIiss Myrtle Morgan.
' * In his sermon ; the Rev. Mr. Reilly
said that *the day .they observed was
the most; Joyoiis-'day in all the' year for
Christians. He said that well might
they; exclaim.'* "This Is the day which
the -Lord' hath 'made," we' will • rejoice
and -be- slad ini it."
SWEET MUSIC AT
ST. PAUL'S CHURCH
— ?¦
Trinity Church could not accommo
date all „ those who sought entrance*
Many were turned away, though they
persistently tried to gain admittance to
the massive building. The decorations,
as is. usual at Trinity,, were handsome
in the extreme. There was a wealth c-f
flowers and the air was laden with the
perfumes of the spring gardens.
. Louis H. Eaton, the organist and
choirmaster, gave, as is his wont, a
programme which exactly suited the
festal . day. Tour's '< anthem, "Christ
Our Passover"; "Te Deum Festival"
(Buck), "Jubilate in K flat" (Buck) and
offertory, VLc-! . the Tomb Is Empty"
(Broome) were among the sacred num-j
bers." -Mi3s Millie Flynn, Miss Fair
weather and Messrs. Rosekrans and
Oksen were the . soloists. .' The Rev.
Frederick- W. Clampett, D.D., the rec
tor,, assisted by the Rev. A. J. O'Meara,
D.D., conducted the morning services.
.«' More, ¦'than" 350 members of the
Knights Templar attended the services
at. Trinity Churchy last evening. The
services "'¦' were for the most* part
musical,- and many beautiful sacred
songs were, suns by the regular church
choir. The services were read by the
prelate of the church, Mr. Ferguson,
after -which '.the* Rev. Dr. Clampett de
livered a short sermon on "The Stead
fastness of Life."
TRINITY CHOIR IS
HEARD AT ITS BEST
At the offertory Gli^iys Harvey sang
"The Resurrection Morn," by Rodney.
At S o'clock in tho evening there was
the regular monthly praise service,
which included a full choral evensong
and the fourth part of Sir Michael
Costa's oratorio,' "Naaman."
largely attended. There was full choral
service, including the baptismal office.
Calvary Presbyterian Church, one of
the handsomest of. the- numerous, im
posing sacred edifices of the city,, was
filled to its utmost capacity. The deco
rations were of a superb kind, on the
pulpit and round about it being masses
of Burmah lilies and other flora and
plants. *
The singing was very beautiful, the.
offertory,' "Victory" : ( Shelley), being
one of the most exquisite numbers 'of
the programme. '.The anthem "Christ
Our - Passover" (Schilling) ¦ and -Max
Vogrich's "The -Day of the. Resurrect
tion" were also rendered.' Professor
Hugh Gilchrist) delivered -the: sermons'
at both the morning arid. evening ser
vices, v
Lebanon Presbyterian Church, West
minster Presbyterian Church. St. John's
Presbyterian Church, Cathedral Mis
sion, Howard Presbyterian Church.
Welsh Presbyterian Church, First
Presbyterian Church, California Street
Methodist Church, Trinity Methodist
Episcopal Church, Howard Street
Methodi3t Episcopal. Church, Simpson
Memorial Church, 'Grace Methodist
Episcopal Church, Central Methodist
Episcopal Church, St. Peter's Episcopal
Church, Church of the -Advent,. First
Congregational. Church. Third Congre
gational Church. Emmanuel Evangel
ical Church. First Unitarian Church,
Emmanuel Baptist Church, First Chris
tian Church. West Side Christian
Church and many other churches, of
the Protestant denomination were
handsomely decorated. Each had a serv
ice of special Easter music and in num
erous instances the choirs were aug
mented.
»
CALVARY CROWDED
WITH WORSHIPERS
Gounod's mass in honor of the sacred
heart of Jesus was nobly sung at St.
Patrick's at 11 a. m. by a large choi \
aided by many soloists. Other music
was also rendered and the church was
very handsomely decorated. •
Special musical programmes were
also' rendered 'at Notre Dame dos Vic
toires, the Advent. Corpus Christ!, St.
Teresa's and All Hallows churches. Tho
floral decorations at all the. Catholic
churches were worthy nf notice as the
work of the devoted parishioners who
had spent many days in fitting their
places of worship for the famous anni
versary services.
?
FESTAL SERVICES
THROUGHOUT CITY
(SCENE OUTSIDE FOUR OF THE MOST PROMINENT SACRED EPIFICKS IN THE CITY "AS . DEVOUT EASTER CROWDS
ARE ENTERING TO PAY TRIBUTE TO THE RISEN CHRIST, AND DEPARTING, AT THE CLOSE OF MOST INTER
ESTING SERVICES.' • ;
The fine choir of St. Luke's never
sang with better effect than yesterday.
Beginning with the stirring • proces
sional, hymn, "Jesus Christ Is Risen
To-Day," following with Humphrey's
Easter anthem, "Christ Our Passover,"
and a host of other beautiful com
positions, terminating with the ever
superb recessional, "Jesus Lives"
(Gauntlet), the service equaled any
former religious exercises in the same
temple. ¦ ' ¦¦'.¦-"'- \
The Rev. Burr Miller Weeden. they
rector, - conducted the service and de
livered'- a . most v impressive sermon.
Wallace A. Sabin, the organist of St.
Luke's, directed the choir. At the
offertory in the evening. R. H. Hunt
renderedra tenor solo with the full
choir as a chorus. ; < ¦;"
'St. Luke's' congregation attended in
large numbers at each of the com
munion services, 6, 7, 8 and 9 a. m. At
11 o'clock, when the doors were thrown
open for prayer, sermon and holy com
munion, there was a crowd of- wor
shipers eager to . find seats, standing
room or any convenience so long as
worship might be indulged in .within
the walls of the beautiful edifice.
Thr church presented one of those
beautiful scenes so. well-known to the
congregation. The chancel was vested
in the most beautiful flowers. The
women of the congregation, while
handsomely attired, wore subdued col
ors, a characteristic noticed particu
larly also at Grace Church.
The service was impressive in the ex
treme. " v i
ST. LUKE'S CHOIR
SINGS SUPERBL Y
»
In the evening the. choir sang
Schencker's cantata, "The Risen King,"
with exquisite effect under the direc
tion of Mr. Holt.
The choir under the direction of Wil
liam H. Holt, the organist, rendered
beautiful songs appropriate to Easter
tide. Never before has this great or
ganization of church singers been heard
to better .advantage.
A skeptical mind may utterly refuse even to
consider the miracles, dismissing them as
pious fict'on, Derbaos. or hypnotic hallucina
tion*. But- the extraordinary revolution of
thought and feeling and. conduct that occurred
in the life and chat actor of St. Paul cannot
be so airily distreditfd. This was what
changed one of the foremost infideU of the
last century into a convinced believer.
I nlty the unhappy materialist who can see
no further than the cemetery, who, when he
lays away the silent form of one he loves, in
the narrow house, lays It away forevermore.
What comfort can there bo for him In life
at all? What is there to live for. if there be
no hereafter and no landing place on the other
side of the dark river?-
Tlilhk of the days that are behind you, on
materialist, whose final goal Is the gloomy
grave.
How much has it achieved In your life? In
the rase of him who wrote this Phillppian
epistle you know that tfiis power accomplished
nothing less .than a total transformation of
his life and character, and among the evidences
of Christianity such a transformation In the
ca&e <«.¦ such a man as St. Paul fills no small
or inconspicuous place; for St. Paul .was one
of the most Intelligent men that ever lived;
and the phenomenon of his wonderful con
\ersion must challenge the respectful attention
and study of every thinking man.
What la that power, of which all nature,
earth and sea and sky - is- -full this lovely
morning?. What did It accomplish in the life
of the man who wrote the letter from which
my text is- taken? What has that power done
in the history of the world at large and in
th* affairs. of the nations?
rector, preached . his first sermon be
fore Grace Church parishioners yester
day and the impression he made was
profound. His sermon bristled with
vigorous thought and the occasion gave
the reverend gentleman the opportunity
to ask the aid of his flock in the work
he had come across. the continent to
take up.
"That I may, know Him and the
power of His Resurrection," St Paul's
epistle fo the Philippians, 3:10, was the
text and the preached said in part:
Father Harvey. The musical feature
of the day was the admirable rendi
tion of Mozart's Twelfth Mass by the
choir, with full orchestral accompa
niment, under the direction of P. Van
der Kun. Harry Wood Brown pre
sided at the organ and rendered the
opening solo. The organ solo at the
offertory was given by Fletcher
Tilton.
The musicians of Holy Cross, as
well as the clergy and congregation in
general, are delighted with the new
instrument, which is one of the larg
est and best in the city. It -was built
at a cost of $8000. the work being
done under the supervision of Ed
ward Crome. John W. Whiteley
voiced the instrument.
»
MASS CELEBRATED
BY THE PAULISTS
At the church of the Paulist Fath
ers (St. Mary's) the musical service
was both elaborate and wonderfully
impressive. The choir, under the di
rection of Miss Marie Giorgiani. sang
the St. Cecilia's mass of Gounod,, the
'"Messe Solenelle," and also the fol
lowing selections from other compos
ers: Processional, "Regina Coeli" (Gi
orza); offertory (Beethoven); reces
sional. "The Alleluia Chorus." from
Handel's "Messiah." The orchestra
was directed by Professor von der
Mehden, the organist. The soloists
were as follows: Soprano. Mrs.
Schultz; contraltos. Mrs. Stanley-
Griffin, Miss Etta O'Brien; tenors, T.
Xowlan, Dr. J. F. Smith; basso, W.
Webb. Chorus — Sopranos, Mrs.
Brennan. Mrs. Sommer, Misses S. To
nini, E. Tonini, Norton. Higglns, Can
ning. Barnes; altos, Mrs. Brannigan,
Misses Johnston. Muller, R. Tonini,
O'Connor; tenors, Messrs. Jaunet,
Dowdall, Barrong, Derham; bassos,
Messrs. W. Breen, Ilubannie, A.
O'Brien. W. O'Brien, Gottschalk, W.
Judge.
At 11 a. m. solemn mass was cele
brated. Father Woodman preaching
on "The Life Eternal."
MASTERPIECES ARE
FINELY RENDERED
At St. Dominic's Church high masi
was celebrated at 11 o'clock, accom
panied by a splendid programme of
Easter music, including the following:
Hymn. "St. Cecilia," harp, violin,
cello and organ; "Vidi Aquam" (Stew
art); Rousseau's Mass In D minor;
offertory, "O Salutaris" (Rousseau).
The mass was sung by the regular
choir of the church, aided by soloists.
At St. Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth
and Church streets, mass was celebrat
ed hourly from 5:^0 until 9:30. The sol
emn high mass at 10:30 vvai distin
guished by the rendition of Breil's
Pascal mass, "Regina Coeli," by L.
Bergc.
Solemn high mass was celebrated at
St. Agnes .Church at 11 o'clock with
the singing of Gilsin's grand Italian
mass by the choir and soloists.
St. Brlgid's Church celebrated sol
emn high mass at 11 a. m., when an
augmented choir rendered the follow
ing compositions: Weber's Mass in
G. Werner's "Salve Kegina" and Mas
cagni's "Benedictus." .
At St. Francis Church solemn high
mass was celebrated by Rev. William
E. McGough, antt Father Kiely preach
ed his farewell sermon to a large and
deeply affected congregation. Cima
rosa's grand military mass and other
fine selections ¦were well J rendered j by
the choir, assisted by a number of solo
ists. • '
The" celebration of Easter at the
Church of the Sacred Heart was mark
ed by fine music, in which .was the
singing of a special composition \ of
Gaetano Cappoci by Signor Borghesi. j
Both the celebration of solemn high
mass and . the vesper services at St.
Ignatius were accompanied by note
worthy music rendered In magnificent
manner. Rev. Father : W. Thornton
preached, the sermon for the day. ;«'
Haydn's military. mass In C was the
musical feature of the commemora
tion at SL Joseph's, where . several
other famous compositions were sung.
The First .-, English | Lutheran Church
service; was .attended -by "an.? immense
congregation,, both, in .the morning and
the evening. The > pastor, : the Rev. . E.'
Nelander,' chose for his subject- '.'Easter
a' Power Among Men," vahd,. besides.^ the
SING ANTHEMS AT
LUTHERAN. CHURCH
• The magnificent three-manual or
gan Just installed at Holy Cross
;<~'.;urch. Eddy street, near Devisadero,
was dedicated yesterday morning with
ceremonies appropriate to the Easter
celebration. The handsome new
church was elaborately decorated
with Easter lilies. Every seat in the
building was taken and great num
bers were isrlad to obtain standing
room throughout the service. Solemn
high mass was sung by Rev. Father
John F\ 'McGtnty. the pastor. of the
church, assisted by Rev. F. M. Har
vey, deacon; Rev. J. W. Galvin, sub
deacon, and Rev. P. L. Ryan, master
of ceremonies. The sermon was by
Th<» services at all the Roman
Catholic churches were of the most
solemn and beautiful order. At St.
Mary's Cathedral the musical pro
gramme for the morning service was.
in the judgment of many worshipers,
the finest heard for years. It em
braced selections from two of the
4nost famous compositions in sacred
music, namely, the "Kyrie" and
"Gloria" from Hadyn's "Fourth Mass,"
and the "Credo." "Benedictus" and
"Agnes Dei" from Gounod's "Messe
Solenelle." This great music was
rung by a quartet composed of Miss
Vina HJckey and Mrs. Walter Wright,
poprano^; Misses Julia Sullivan and
Elena Roeckel. altos; George Kcane
!<<id Joseph Barronjr. tenors, and S. J.
Sandy and Carl M. Yoho. bassos, sup
plemented by the full chorus and or
chestra. R. J. Harrison presided at
the organ.
The floral decorations at the Ca
thedral were peculiarly fine and ap
propriate, and they contributed in no
small degree to the beauty of the ser
vice.. The cathedral was througed by
vast crowds at all the services of the
day.
ORGAN DEDICATED
AT HOLY CROSS
FAMED MUSIC SUNG
AT THE CATHEDRAL
THRONGS OF WORSHIPERS.
The audiences were large — unusually
lRrgr-. even for Easter. The bright
i-iniEhine, after weeks of rain and
Kombcr weather, seemed to invite and
even command that people should leave
their homes and join in the commemor
ation. So they came from the man
sions of the rich and the cottages of
the poor, from the homes of Americans
and from those of the Latin and Teu
tonic peoples, who form so strong an
element in San Francisco's population.
Every place of worship was crowded.
'Among the throngs were perhaps somi?
\slio seldom enter a church, attracted
thither for the nonce by the command
ing: imprespiveness of the anniversary
and the splendor of the services.
On the streets, too, the day was evi
dently no ordinary Sunday. Not for
months have, the Sabbath crowds been
so large, whether viewed upon the
city's thoroughfares, in its public
«;quares, cr at the Cliff and in <Jolden
Gate Park. Men. women and children —
especially children — enjoyed the fresh.
Bunny air and the brisk breezes that
mj free from the suggestion of rain
just' past or just to come. The breath
cf spring was in the atmosphere, and
after th? hours for churcu had passed
it kept thousands upon the streets or
took them for the rest of the day to
thr places of outdoor recreation.
Of course it was an Easter crowd
in the matter of dress. The accept
ed usage by which men and women
welcome the arrival of this anniver-
Bary as the signal for donning spring
attire obtains here as it docs through
out all lands that call their civiliza
tion European. So the throngs of
yesterday were bright in the lighter
tiurs of spring and summer, seen in
t'n" clothes not only of the women
and children, but of the men as well.
Por some the day ineant. doubtless, a
dress parade, and for them it amply
fulfilled their expectations.
But besides the warmer tints in
¦millinery aud dress that prophesy the
mining «-»f summer, much of the color
on the streets was the color of flowers.
Hlossoms were carried by a majority
of the gentler sex on the sidewalks
and in the street cars. Seldom have
fo many been seen In the hands of
pedestrians, and indeed it was an ex
ception almost rare enough to attract
attention when a woman or little miss
failed to have a bunch of Hllies or vio
lets or more parish flowers in her
hand.". Thus they celebrated the im
mortal anniversary and at the same
time 'he dories <tf California, the
land of perpetual bloom.
The music selected for the day was
chosen from the best of the magniSccni
compositions in which the masters of
harmony in Europe and America have
vied with one another in honoring tho
central event of Christian history. In
strumental and vocal solos were ren
dvred by famous artists in reverent and
touching manner. Splendid choirs of
trained vocalists, who had given weeks
to preparation, sane the anthems dear
to the fathers of the church in many
a£es and many lands. Music ever plays
a leading part in the Easter service,
and the music heard in the loca'
churches yesterday was worthy of the
occasion.
The celebration of Easter in the
churches of San Francisco has never
been more general, more beautiful, or
more impressive than It was yesterday.
Without exception, whether Protestant
or Catholic, the congregations were re
minded In music and sermon, as well
ea by elaborate floral decoration,
cf the meaning of the day, the hallowed
memories evoked by it during nineteen
Christian centuries, and the promise of
immortality it holds out in bidding a
busy, careless world to better things.
With few exceptions the sacred edi
fices were especially prepared for the
great anniversary with masses of
grt-cn color. Easter lilies every
«here were s?oen among the decora
tions of chancel and choir and altar
rail, and in many instances these white
emblems of the Christian renascence
formed the sole but adequate orna
ment added in memory of the resurrec
tion.
Houses of Worship
Adorned With
Flowers.
HOSANNAS
OF PRAISE
TO CHRIST
Great Anniversary
Is Worthily
Honored.
THE SAN : FRANCISCO CALL, 'MONDAY^ APRIL 4, : 190*.
RESURRECTION DAY IS CELEBRATED BY THE CHURCHES
5
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
H Brand S
B Evaporated B
II Cream m
¦fi bears the above cap label. BM
¦SB Contains fully as much IS
Bh food substance per can as j|B
Bb the watery imitations in £b
BH larger cans. flV
Ira It is smooth and perfect JH
B because skillfully pre- jjH
Jb pared. Its purity is HhL
Mjgr guaranteed. II^b.TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
Things do move in '.\..o Orient. ; The Russians have an
nihilated a band of Chinese brigandsVarid the heart of
the .Czar is gladdened by the; acclaim of triumph. But
what in the world did even Chinese bandits expect to get
from Russian soldiers? Tlft fichting" men of Russia; do
not appear to be ; even carrying their reputations with'
them in their onward march to the foe.
yT S the. speed of the Japanese-Russian war slows
TV .down and there is less news of fighting the Rus-,
J- *- sian press supplies , the gap ; in news by chewing
its thumb at the United States. Official and semi-official
papers in St. Petersburg^are cooing softly to. Great
Britain and making faces at ahe United States. They',
solicit a. British alliance with -the assurance that Russia
FRANCE SEES VISIONS.
There is a movement now on foot among the 'gov
ernors, of our public schools to introduce methods of
administration that have been- found advantageous in. the
schools in cities in the Eastern States. Let us hope that
some kind fate will direct our educators to discover that
Eastern method, so thoroughly to be commended, that
bars politics from the conduct of' public schools. .
HOMESTEAD— H.. Tulare. Cal. In
California. If the homestead selected
by the husband or. wife, or either of
them, during coverture and recorded
while both were living, was selected
from the community property, or se
lected from the separate property of
the person selecting, or Joining In the
selection of the same*' It vests on the
death of the husband or wife, absolute
ly, in the survivor. If the homestead
was selected by either husband or wife
without his or her consent. It vests on
the death of the person from whose
property it was selected. In his or her
heirs.
Vlborg.is a little town in Denmark.
It has a chief of police who is pos
sessed of stamina. He is also face
tious. Not long ago the city authori
ties decided that the security, of the
population demanded the services of
another policeman. But the chief stood
up in meeting and made a few re
marks. "If you desire quiet," he said,
"better have more than one new po
liceman. At least a dozen will be
necessary— two dozen. I cannot en
gage to handle every criminal who en
dangers our commonwealth and the
state of our nerves by sneezing with
out'the aid of at least that many men
on my force. ;" Their equipment heed be
slight. We have no hoodlums, and
clubs and revolvers are never, called
for. : Instead I would : recommend that
•very man on the force carry a hip
Danish Humor.
The Board of Public Works has decided again that
the streets and sidewalks of the city must be cleared of
obstructions, " particularly in the business district. The
gravity with which this admirable department of the
municipal service resolves upon ; this measure and the
complacency with which it accepts persistent abuse of
its orders have become the most eagerly repeated jokes
of the town. ,J
- Emperor William is inaugurating at
Hanover a scheme which cannot fail
to commend Itself to the attention of
the entire civilized world, and which
marks an altogether new departure.
It is nothing more nor less than a
species of high school for, the training
of police officials. He has long since
realized, like so many others, that,
whereas the most dangerous criminals
and anarchists are, as a rule, men who
are not only of a high order of in
tellect, but, moreover, frequently pos
sessed of all the advantages of the
most advanced order of education,
many of them being university gradu
ates, equipped with all sorts of scien
tific knowledge, and their mental
faculties rendered acute and keen
edged to the last degree by study, the
police, to whom is intrusted the re
sponsibility of protecting the commun
ity from their evil designs, have been
recruited from an entirely different
class of society, inferior, not merely
in inherited intelligence, but likewise
in all those accomplishments which
education of a high order and rear
ing among people of culture can alone
bring. In this way the police have
been terribly handicapped, and it Is
only now and 'again that the Govern
ments are able to find a man who is
so exceptionally keen-witted and bril
liant that his gift in this respect, in a
measure, atones for his lack of the
higher order of education.
Brainy Policemen.
The Board of Education has made demand upon the
Supervisors for funds necessary to improve the sanita
tion of school buildings, which arc, from a health point
of view, in a wretched condition. This is unquestionably
one of the worthiest appeals ever made by the school
board and, .if experience be a teacher, will be one of
the few that will not be honored by proper official in
dorsement. >
IN TIME OF WAR— EL B. M- Reno.
Nev. In time of war the belllserents
have a right to ask those of their citi
zens residing in a foreign country, and
who owe military service, to return to
the home country and complete that
service, but no right to go into that
foreign country, and, as It were, take
such delinquents by the back of the
neck and force them into the army. A
person so notified, who failed to obev
the order to present himself for mili
tary duty, would, on return to his na
tive country, be dealt with by the au
thorities as the case would demand.
AFFILIATED COLLEGES— R. C.
M., City. The buildings In San Fran
cisco known as the Affiliated Colleges
are so called because there are three
colleges, namely, dentistry, pharmacy
and medicine, in one group. These col
leges are under the auspices of the
University of California. What is
taught in these colleges appears from
the names of the different ones. For
information about admission, etc.. ad
dress a letter of inquiry to the.record
er of the University at Berkeley.
The Emperor of Korea, essentially unwise in his gen
eration, has seen fit" to send presents, various and costly,
to the Mikado of Japan. It is. harrowing to contemplate
what a package the Emperor of Korea will receive one
of these fine days from the Czar/of Russia. In making
his bed the simple man of Seoul should give due re
flection to the fact that he is the fellow that will have
to sleep in it. " '¦
CITIZENS' ALLIANCE— Subscriber,
City. For information relative to the
class of men the Citizens' Alliance of
San Francisco would be willing to give
employment to send a letter of inquiry
or call on the secretary of the organiza
tion.
FIVE HUNDRED— W. C. G.. Con
cord, Cal. Any book store .can furnish
the rules and cards for the new society
game called "five hundred." This de
partment has not the space to publish
the rules of the game.
ST. LOUIS— G. D. K., Los Gatos, Cal.
The average annual precipitation in St.
Mo., is 48.8 inches and the average
temperature 56 degrees.
Ansivers to Queries.
THE GREAT STRIKE— A. R. U-
Oakland, Cal. The great strike of 1834
commenced April 13 and was declared
oft August 5.
terests. . The annual cost to the Amer
ican Government v pf providing for 800
miles of Philippine railroad would be
no more than the annual cost of main
taining a single regiment^ If by the
constructing of the railroads the neces
sity of a standing army should be re
moved and a native constabulary es
tablished the inestimable benefit is ap
parent.—Harper's Weekly.
Sir William Van Home has given
some very good advice touching pro
jected-railroads in the Philippines,
drawn from his experience in Cuba.
Sir' William declares that the success
which has attended his efforts in Cuba
is largely due to the methods employed
in dealing with the native inhabitants.
Had he and his colleagues been guided
by a short-sighted policy of chipping
off a little here and a little there at
the expense of the native, In Sir Wil
liam's opinion he would have been
doomed to failure. Seeds would have
been planted which would have borne
bitter fruit for generations. He en
deavored not only to obtain, but even
more, to deserve, the confidence of the
natives from the very outset as the
basis of operations. He employed only
native labor in constructing the 400
miles of the Cuban railroad, and
awarded no building contracts. To.
have done so would, in Sir William's
view, have been suicidal. His success
in Cuba convinces him that the same
policy should be followed in the Philip
pines if the dual object of the Ameri
can Goverrtment — to educate the Fili
pinos in "respect for the Americans, and
confidence in them, and' at the same
time to" bring about the 'industrial de
velopment of the islands— is to be se
cured.
The Government has three alterna
tives in constructing the projected
Philippine railroad— it could either
build the line with its own forces, or it
could let contracts for construction, or,
thirdly, endow with sufficient power
some company whose interests would
be the same as the -Government's in-
Philippine Railroads.
The famous Valley of Death in the
island of Mindanao, in the Philip
pines, has at last been compelled to
give up the rich treasure which for
ages it has successfully guarded by its
pall of death-dealing gases. This val
ley, which, true to its name, has dealt
death to many a venturesome search
er for the precious metal, is located
in the. mountain fastnesses of the isl
and, and, according to the theories of
scientists, it is the crater of what was
once a great and violent volcano. Vol
canic gases of a most poisonous na
ture still rise from the depths of the
valley and hang over it like a pall,
never passing ajvay, and many na
tives, who have attempted to go down
into the valley from the mountains,
say that never before has any man
who ventured into its unknown depths
returned to tell of its secrets. The
distance across the valley is only a
few miles, but the botttom of it is con
stantly concealed from view by the
dense cloud of poisonous vapor over
hanging it.
An American named Rudy formed a
party at Manila, consisting of himself
and two other Americans, and, em
ploying three native guides, proceed
ed to the mountains enclosing the val
ley, where one of the Americans with
the guides were left in charge of the
outfit, while the other two entered
the valley with their heads completely
covered by an apparatus similar to
that worn by divers. Carrying on
their backs small tanks of compressed
air for breathing purposes so as to
avoid inhaling the deadly vapors, the
men worked in the valleysjor months,
carrying sackful after sackful of gold
bearing sand and gravel up the moun
tain side. This work -was continued
until both were almost worn out from
the depressing work and the fumes of
which they were forced to breathe a
portion, but never once could any of
the natives be persuaded to venture
beyond the outer circle of the poison
ous gases. .
The Valley of Death.
The problem of obtaining nitrogen
from the/ atmosphere for fertilizing
the land appears to have been solved,
at least from a scientific point of ,
view, by Doctor Erlwein, a German |
experimenter. His method is first to
separate nitrogen from oxygen by
passing an air-current over a red-hot
copper, when the oxygen combines
with the metal, leaving the nitrogen
free. Then the nitrogen is caused
to combine in an electric furnace with
a mixture of powdered charcoal and
lime. The product is a black sub^- -
stance suitable to be spread on th-A
land, and possessing the fertilizing
properties of Chile saltpeter and pot
assium nitrate. It remains to be dem
onstrated that the new fertilizer can
be produced on a large scale at an
economical cost.
Fertiliser From Air.
Mrs. Lou Wallace, the wife of the au
thor of "Ben Huf," tells in her book,
"The City of the King," how the first
Easter eggs came to be, according to
legend. Says she, "The Syrian bulbul
(nightingale) has the loveliest voice of
all God's creatures and the saddest
song ever heard. Shady coverts fring
ing the Jordan still shelter the bird
that 'sings darkling.*
"There is a legend that the bulbul
sat in the olive tree in the garden of
Joseph of Arimathea, and, the night
before the Resurrection, through the
darkness' poured out her soul in sor
rowing plaint above the still sleeper
in the tomb wherein was never man
laid. When the first Easter morning
broke over the Eastern hills the eggs
in the nest of the broodling bird spar
kled with gold, blue, orange and crim
son; and so we color eggs at Easter
for a memorial of the lone singer who
sang by the Holy Sepulchre nineteen
hundred years ago."
The First Easter Egg.
THE California Promotion Committee. is nothing if
not whole-hearted in its work of developing the re
sources of the State and bringing California's op
portunities before the eyes of the East. It has an
nounced as its latest project a "development dinner" to
be held at the Palace on April 30, whereat representatives
from all sections of California are to entertain and be
entertained by a review of the material development of
the State and suggestions for its increased prosperity in
the future.
The chief object of the Promotion Committee's dinner
is to bring into touch with one another the various civic
and trade ¦ organizations now working independently
throughout the State with a view to securing unity of
action and harmony of ideas on the part of all associa
tions which- have the common end in view, the ad
vancement of the material welfare of California.
At present time there are promotion clubs in vari
ous cities, boards of trade, manufacturers' associations
and chambers of commerce, all working for the special
intergsjs of their respective' communities and thereby
doing incidental good to the State as a whole. The Cali
fornia Promotion Committee, which has, no exclusive
alliance with any one community or section of the State,
but gives its endeavors for the well being of the whole
•commonwealth, is in a position to serve as the rallying
point for a united endeavor on the part of all the sec
tional associations in the general interests of the State.
Neither desiring nor assuming any leadership over these
organizations, the California Promotion Committee
seeks merely by this dinner to bring upon a common
ground workers in the same cause from every portion
of California.
The "development dinner" should be productive of re
sults profitable to every community and to the State at
large. California is rapidly developing a broad and lib
eral spirit of unanimity in the cause of the State's prog
ress. It is not now the booming of Los Angeles or the
colonization of the Sacramento Valley which is the de
sideratum, but the development of California, the ex
ploitation of its resources throughout the East, the im
provement of its opportunities at home. The Promotion
Committee's symposium should plant the impulse for a
united endeavor in this direction.
A "DEVELOPMENT DINNER."
According to the ubiquitous correspondents of Europe
the Moorish pretender, is again active, and disquietude
rules the councils of Morocco. We will "probably hear
that blood has flowed as rivers, that lives far in excess of
the population of the. country have been sacrificed, and
then the pretender will disappear and the quillsters will
rummage for a new sensation.
. The use of slang, while not elegant,
is at times permissible if it fits the
case, but there are occasions when it is
decidedly out of place, as was instanced
a few days since when .a local stock
broker approached another In the same
line of business and accosted him with
the latest, "Well, how's the boy?"
In this instance it happened that the
person spoken to had but a few days
before buried his only son, who had
been the victim of a lingering illness.
When his friend accosted him t,htis, his
mind being still on his recent sorrow,
he supposed that the inquiry was as to
the condition of his boy, so, with tear
filled eyes, he replied, "The poor boy
died last Monday."
The broker noticed that he had made
a mistake, offered an apology and sym
pathy and vowed to discontinue the use
of slang during the balance of his life.
His Mistake.
The announcement that the original!
warrant on which Bunyan was arrest
ed when he wrote "Pilgrim's Progress" 1
will be sold, shortly at Sotheby's re
vives a romantic story connected with,
its last appearance in the same auc
tion-rooms. The warrant, which I*
written on a half-sheet of foolscap)
paper, had been for more than two)
centuries in the possession of tha
Chauncy family, and was offered for
sale with some valuable old manu
scripts. It was catalogued thus:
"Bunyan — Letter to the Constables of
Bedford relative to the imprisonment
of John Bunyan for preaching. Auto
graph signatures and seals, March 4.
1674"; and was on view at Sotheby's
for two days previous to the sale. In
some Inexplicable way this treasure
completely elurted the vigilance of
some of the keenest eyes among tha
antiquaries of Europe. The only man
who recognized its value was the lata
W. G. Thorpe, F. S. A., who tells
the story in his "Still Life of the Mid
dle Temple", and by "lying low and
saying nuffltig," he managed to buy
the document on th*e fateful day of
sale for a few sovereigns. Great wa3
the dismay of the big- wigs when Mr.
Thorpe triumphantly explained -what
a treasure they had allowed to slip
through their hands. — Westminster
Banyan's Warrant.
The great war shadow which for
weeks has overhung the turbid waters
of the Yellow Sea is at last beginning
to move across the frosty Manchurian
plains, and bit by bit comes the news
which enables us to guess something of
the strategy of the coming grand en
counter. The railways of Manchuria
are like a great capital T on the map of
thp country- The fiat top part crosses
the province from the Siberian Railway
t>n the left to Vladivostok on the right,
and from the middle drops the upright
stalk. 600 miles long, which leads to
JVrt Arthur. At the middle point, in
the very center of Manchuria, stands
Harbin, whore General Alexieff will go
on concentrating his great army till the
\\n\f- comes to make a move in the
Fpring. From Harbin to the sea are
two lines of railway, both of them
practically level all the way. The 600
nilcs of line to Port Arthur has no
gradient of more than 1 in 110, and the
r;.O miles to Vladivostok have no point
stopper than 1 in 75. Up both these
tailwayg, it is clear. Japan Is prepar
ing to pu?h toward the Russian center,
the is attacking Vladivostok and also
isolating it by aiming at the railway
jnland from Possiet Bay. From Taku-
in the Kprean Bay, she is seek
ii.-g to isolate Port Arthur by cutting
the other line at Liaoyang. 200 miles
north, and also cutting the line of com
munication of the Russian troops on
the Yalu, which leaves the railway at
Uaoyang. It is clear that the Russian
. general, instead of advancing gayly
into Korea, will have to concentrate
his whole forces at Harbin and await
the onslaught of the foe. The siege of
Port Arthur will be but an incident.
What is this city where Russia will
resist to the death the effort to drivt
her out of the Far East? We have all
heard of the wonderful way in which
Russia has conjured up the cities of
Port Arthur, Dalny and Vladivostok,
for- these places are on the sea, where
rjjy traveler may note their progress.
Less has been told of Harbin, the cen
tral point where Russia has with won
derful foresight been creatine the cap
ital ihat she intends shall f.^n one of
the greatest markets of all the fertile
East. Half a dozen years ago, when a
great army of Russian and native
workers were unrolling the Manchurian
Railway over the plain so fast that the
construction train hardly came to a
•standstill, when each day found the
railroad three or four miles nearer the
Pacific, there was no Harbin. Not even
a native village marked the place. It
was merely a point on the banks of the
Sungari River running northward to
ward its junction with the mighty
Amur. But when Russia threw across
the stream a manj--piered bridge of
stone and steel and the railway began
to move forward in two directions,
southward as well as to the east, the
junction soon became- a place of note.
• • •
It was a site for a great citr which
even Ebenezer Howard would have en
vied. For hundreds of miles round
about the great plain teemed with
wealth of many kinds — wheat and oats
and barley, beans and millet and hemp,
tobacco and timber, vegetables and
fruit. There was abundant grazing
land, and coal and minerals were
within easy reach. And all this
wealth naturally found its entrepot
and common market Just at this point.
The three railways, one to Russia, one
to the Pacific and one to the Yellow
Sea, made the whole province natural
ly feed the trade of Harbin. Besides
this there was the Sungari, its winding
course through the plain navigable for
200 miles above (or south of) Harbin,
and during seven months of the year
giving access to the Amur, Asia's great
watery highway to the east.
Russia promptly set to work to see
that Harbin should be built on sensible
lines from the outset — should be
planned before it was built. She deter
mined that the town should be purely
Russian— and already it is being called
the "Moscow of the East" For miles
around the land has been secured, and
only Russians or Chinese may own
land, make buildings or carry on any
permanent business in or near it. In
1901 the Russian population was 12,000;
. In Mav, 1903, 44,000. and last October,
60,000. without counting soldiers. Jap
anese, Austrians, Greeks, Turks and
• all other races onlv numbered 700. The
Chinese population totaled 40,000, in a
separate settlement.
And the flow of Russian population
to Harbin is no mere transient thing.
Nearly a third of the 60,000 Russian
civilians were women. A fine church
has been built, a number of hotels, an
imposing railway station. Government
buildings, hospitals, a magnificent
bank, fine business streets, and even
such adjuncts of higher civilization as
a school of commerce and a women's
college! More than £3,000,000 has been
ppent on the public buildings alone,
and an electric tramway, an autoxno
bHe line and electric lighting have been
provided. Like the London County
Council, the Russian Government re
tains the. land in its own hands, and
lets it to builders on a lease of a little
more than eighty years. One of the
of. the town is the Russo-Chi
nese Bank, an institution energetically
worked in the interest of Russian
trade. Liberal loans are granted to
Russians doing a genuine and prudent
business, on the security not of land or
buildings, but of the enterprises them
selves. A system of letters of credit to
Chinese merchants *or the purchase of
Harbin, the Russian Base.
pocket full of katzenjammer. We
should- also wear white kid gloves, in
order not to soil the dress suits and
top hats of those who would be th«
usual— the only— quarries of a force or
dered to act with the severity you de
sire. And I might also say that it
would do no harm if each of the new
men were a qualified physician— that
Is, if it is the nerves of the townthafc
you would protect. If It is only our
usual peace that is to be preserved 1.
shall continue to maintain o«ler by»*|
myself as before."— Boston Transcript.
An occurrence that never was pub
lished took place in the early sixties,
in which figured Lillie Hitchcock, now
Mrs. Howard Coit. It was one night
when an alarm came in from a box on
Howard and Spear streets. Miss Lillie
heard the alarm in her father's resi
dence on Sutter street and, jumping
out on the sidewalk, she speeded along
to and down Montgomery street in the
hope of meeting the engine coming
from the exempt headquarters on
Brenham place.
Missing the engine, • she ran as far
as Washington street, where she found
a horse and buggy belonging to Dr.
Toland hitched to a post. She unhitched
the animal, jumped into the buggy and
drove as fast as the horse could
go till , she . arrived at the scene
of the fire, where she lent a hand
to the boys in working the hand pump.
In the meantime Dr. Toland missed his
horse and buggy and, hastening* to po
lice headquarters, he informed Captain
Douglass of his loss. Douglass detailed
one of his men to find the horse and its
purloiner, if possible. The officer who
was detailed learned who .had taken
the animal and, in pursuance to orders,
he brought Miss Coit back with him to
the doctor's oflice, where a good laugh
was indulged in and the matter ended
in praise of the heroine * who would
purloin any man's animal to be on
hand at a fire. , ,
Justifiable Felony.
AS the year advances it is becoming apparent from
the usual commercial reports that' 1904 is not mak
ing as good a showing as 1903. There 'is a de
crease almost everywhere, and while it is not large it is
sufficiently general to establish the fact that the ten
dency in 1904 is. toward quieter markets all. along the
line. "
How much of this loss is attributable to bad weather
yet remains to be determined, but it is indisputable that
the weather is responsible for considerable of it. Tem
peratures have ruled low and at times have been so
severe as to almost suspend business in the northern
tie* of States, while bad roads and snowdrifts have hin
dered wagon and rail transportation. Scarcity of cars,
too, is reported from some sections. Again, the^scason
has been very backward, to the marked detriment of
spring trade, and altogether the elements have conspired
to set 1904 back in comparison with 1903. With clearer
and more seasonable weather throughout the country
business may revive and possibly overtake the record of
1903 later on.
But it must not be inferred from the foregoing that
American trade is dull. Far from it. The whole country
is doing a large business, only the activity is not as pro
nounced as in 1903, while the margins of profit' are not as
wide. The bank clearings continue to show a loss week
after week from the preceding year, the decrease last
week being 22 per cent, with all but three important
cities- St. Louis," New Orleans and Kansas City— in the
wrong column, while the aggregate clearings fell to
$1,708,480,000. The loss at New York was 28.4 per cent,
\-. Boston 19.3 per cent, at Pittsburg 3*-9 per cent, and so
on. The gains of the three cities mentioned above were,
small, ranging from 38 to 4-9 P" cent. The failures
for the week were 208, against 173 for the same week
last year, and included a very large trust company at
Cleveland.
The staples make only a fair showing. Manufacturing
returns are conflicting, some sections holding their
ground, while others report idle mills. The Minneapolis
flour mills have been obliged to close down for a few
days several times of late owing to the poor demand for
flour, the cotton and woolen mills have much idle ma
chinery, while the New England footwear factories / re
pcrt a natural reaction from the abnormal activity of
th; past four or five years. The iron and steel industries
are sending in fair reports, though they are often con
tradictory, and do not therefore indicate any especial ac
tivity in this line. Provisions are apparently getting
quieter and the tendency in prices for pork products is
downward rather than upward, while the output of hogs
is much larger than that of last year and apparently in
creasing.
The packers of Chicago and .'other Western centers
have succecQcd in loading up the provision trade with a
large quantity of stock which they are. now trying to
work off, while the packers embrace every opportunity
to ladh them out some more. High prices for cotton
have rendered cotton- manufacturers extremely cautious
in their operations, as already mentioned, while firm wool
markets have also tended to restrict the purchases of
woolen manufacturers. The railway earnings-- are % still
running behind those or 1903!. and though the falling off
h slight, being only 1.2 per cent in March, it is still
a falling off.
But thee are yet favorable features. The crop pros
pects are good all over the country and the winter wheat,
taking the belt as a whole, is in fair condition, with
better crop weather reported in many regions during the
past few days. Agricultural implements have thus far
this spring made the best showing on record, and lumber
and other building mrterials are reported in better de
mand. Stronger and more active hide markets in the
West reflect more movement in the tanning industry.
The cotton planters rnd the South generally have reaped
a rich harvest from the enormous advance in prices for
cotton.
The banking interests throughout the country report
funds in large supply, with interest rates normal, and the
banker; themselves arc sanguine of the future, while
those of New York are persistent bulls on general trade
conditions and encourage by all possible means the ex
pansion of all legitimate and reasonably safe enterprises.
When it is considered that only a year ago these sam?
banking interests were contracting loans and discourag
*ing and actually checking expansion in every form, this
turn about on their part is not only significant but highly
reassuring.
The situation in Wall street shows little change, but
values on the whole are improving. It is recognized 1 by
everybody in touch with the financial situation that the
monetary conditions of the country are on a most excel
lent basis and that the standard stocks on the present
plane are as good investments as can be found anywhere,
but still the people are not taking hold of the market as
freely as could be wished. They apparently need a
further rest and more complete recovery from the great
losses sustained in the enormous shrinkage in values of
last year. It is expected, however, that. when the.pur
chasing capacity of the "public ¦ is once more restored
renewed activity in the stock market will be witnessed.
With the Northern Securities decision at last out of the
way, with plenty of money on hand and stock quotations
comparatively low, there is no reason why such expan
sion in investment buying should not occur, very soon.
In California the prospects for the coming year con
tinue brilliant. There have ' been some losses from
floods, but the main portion of the State is enjoying an
excellent trade outlook. The central and northern por
tions have been thoroughly drenched by the heavy rains
of February and March, while even the south, where
the prospects for several months were extremely dubious,
has now received sufficient rain to practically, irfsure at
least fair crops. The season, however, is backward, as
the incessant storms have checked farm work, and in
many sections some weeks must elapse before the lost
time can be recovered. Almost all farm products are
bringing prices very remunerative to the farmers an*
fruit-growers, and the city and interior banks report
funds very plentiful. The export and local trade of the
whole co?.st is active, there are no large failures to excite
apprehension, and, taking the situation as a whole, it is
very cheering and full of promise.
Flour-making is Harbin's great in
dustry. Already there are eight mills
with modern European and American
machinery, and two more are being
erected, which will bring up the pro
duction to nearly a million pounds a
day. The wheat area is practically
unlimited, and corn is delivered at the
mills at flfteenpence to eighteenpence
a bushel. Brickmaking is another
busy industry, two hundred plants
being at work. Good red bricks are
turned out at about thirteen shillings
a thousand, the Chinese workers get
ting a wage of ninepence a day. Next
among the industries of Harbin comes
the making of the Russian spirit
"vodka." Owing to the absence of the
heavy Russian tax, the spirit Is less
than a quarter of the home price in
Manchuria, and there are eight dis
tilleries; which do an enormous trade
throughout the province. A glass
bottle factory Is being built in Man
churia for this trade. Three brewer
ies are being built, and with barley at
an almost nominal price no doubt
Manchuria will soon be flooded with
beer as well as vodka. With its
splendid grazing land and cheap corn
for feeding, Manchuria supplies fine
meat, and there are several companies
at Harbin curing and packing haras,
bacon and smoked meats. Altogether
Harbin is a marvelous example of what
can be done by a great nation bent on
commercial Expansion and bringing
its concentrated forces to the help of
its citizens. With millions of cheap
Chinese laborers, great coalfields,
mountains of iron and copper, limit
less* forests and agricultural land
producing the cheapest food in the
world. Russia seemed but yesterday to
have untold wealth within her grasp.
To-day it seems that she may not pos
sess all without a struggle, and Har
bin, the magic capital city, summoned
as by Aladdin's lamp out of the air,
bids fair to be the scene of one of the
greatest military struggles that his
tcry has known. — London News.
• • •
Russian goods Is rapidly increasing
Russian exDorts to Manchuria, en
abling the Chinese to carry on the
commerce, for which the.v are so emi
nently fitted, among their own country
men, and at the same time securing
the Russian exporter against loss. The
bank also facilitates the export of
Manchurlan products, but will do noth
ing for foreigners. All classes, both
official and commercial, seem to work
together with a feverish desire for
Russian control, and Russian trade is
rapidly driving other commerce out of
the field. The foreigner, trying to work
over an unfriendly railway at exorbi
tant rates, deprived of banking facili
ties, subjected to special taxation, and
not even allowed the possession of a
foothold in the town, has no chance
against his, rival.
CONDITION OF TRADE.
and Great-Britain combined can rule the world.' In
stead of making an unfavorable impression upon France,
as might have been expected, this proposition seems to
have moved the French to unfriendly demonstrations
against the United States. Even such -a soundly sea
soned politician as . M." Hanotaux says that we have been
sticking pins in Russia and -that "on. account of business
interests we are willing to risk the peace of the world."
All this is because neither Russia nor France under
stands us. Continental diplomacy has so long been sin
ister, covert, selfish and false that Continental statesmen
comprehend no other and very naturally ascribe 'to us
the same motives that actuate them" and the only motives
of which- they know. They find no difficulty in under
standing. Russian -diplomacy, for it is gilded lying, such
as' they all use; To be direct, frank and honest is of
course to stick pins in any nation that is. tortuous and
false in its international dealings/ The French press is
in sympathy with Continental diplomacy. The Echo
says: "If the Russian bear should show his teeth both
English, and Americans would soon think it best to be
good." The best test for that is for Adam Zad to show
his teeth. We would proceed to pull them out without
assistance., i^\'': •'•;?:
Of course it is. the manifestation of friendship and re
gard for our feelings that lead Russia to boast of her
intention to chase our commerce out of the Pacific by
dominating Eastern Asia. It is friendly for a Cossack
to pull down our flag from our consulate at Newchwang.
It is friendly to repeat, at this late day, the falsehood
that our naval commander refused to res'cue the Rus
sians from drowning when the Variag was sunk. Our
people note all these things and«are patient and approve
the wise neutrality of their Government. But if the
Russian bear have any .• ".teeth left after Japan gets
through with him let him show them to us if he think it
wise.-
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, MONDAY, APRIL" 4^ 19041
T HE SAN gBANCIS^Q GALL
JOHN D.SPRECKELS, Proprietor . .¦¦... . . .;... Address AH Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Oflice <^«r|||^^> . . . .•«-»•«. Tliird and 3iarkct Streets, S. F.
, . ' ' ¦¦- r ¦, ¦ ¦¦- ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ - ¦¦¦-,,--¦--'¦¦¦ - ¦- _
MONDAY J . v .. APRIL 4. I9?4
6
•Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal-
ifornia street- Telephone Main 104* •
Townsend's California Glar* fruit* »nrt
choice: candles. 'In. artistic fire-etched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends.
716 Market street, above Call buildlns. •The committee on railroads has
worked assiduously to secure the entry
into Oakland of competing lines of
railroad. Some five years ago the di
rectors of the , Board of Trade ap
pointed the committee on railroads
as a committee to confer with similar
committees to be appointed by , the
City Council. Improvement ; clubs and
PROVIDES EXCURSIONS
Some two years ago the "AH* Day
for~a Dollar" excursions each Monday
and Friday from Ban Francisco were
inaugurated, and upward of 5000 peo
ple have by means of these excursions
been Induced to visit Oakland. Berke
ley, Piedmont, Haywards and Inter
vening cities and towns. Scores of per
sons who first visited the east side of
the bay as excursionists have located
therein business or as residents.
To attain even this small appropria
tion the harbor and water front com
mittee has worked hard and devoted
many hours to the citizens of Oak
land.
In February of 1904 from five or six
Ur thirty or more letters a day were re
ceived in which the writers not only
asked for literature, but anywhere from
one to half a hundred questions con
cerning Oakland or Alameda County.
Each of these letters was answered in
detail and literature was forwarded, en
tailing a large amount ot work and
correspondence.
The distribution of literature among
residents of less favored sections of the
country has been productive of good re
sults. The hundreds of new buildings
being erected in Oakland are monu
ments to the efficacy of advertising. All
the new residences are not building for
present residents of the city, nor are
all the new stores and offices occupied
by long-time residents of Oakland.
During the last year nine hundred and
fifty-seven residences and flats have
been built in Oakland alone — that is,
within the city limits. Very many of
these homes have been built by people
who previous to coming to Oakland
were residents of Eastern cities and
who in seeking a better climate had
written for and received literature of
this city as sent out by the Board of
Trade.
The work of the board is not confined
to securing hew comers and manu*fac
tories for Alameda County. Ever since
the inception and incorporation of the
board Its efforts have been devoted to
the development of Oakland harbor.
With fifteen miles of water front and
an absolutely perfectly sheltered ha
bcT, It is but natural that the Board
of Trade Ehould aim to provide a chan
nel sufficiently deep to allow the' en
trance of vessels of any and all
draught.
The harbor and water front commit
tee, consisting of James P. Taylor, Ed
son F. Adams, M. J. Keller, E. C. Ses
sions and Hugh Hc-gan, has been in
defatigable In Its efforts to secure the
deepening of the channel. The mem
bers have had the hearty co-operation
of Senator Perkins and Congressman
Metcalf, . with ths result that a year
ago Congress made an appropriation of
$250,000 for the deepening of the har
bor. This amount, however. Is wholly
inadequate for the purpose aijd not
commensurate with the commerce of
Oakland. •
PROOFS OF RESULTS
In February of the present year the
membership was more than 300, and had
been at that figure for several months,
allowing the publication and dissemina
tion of k.rge quantities of literature.
The results were plainly discernable.
to make the advantages of Oakland
known throughout the world, the fol
lowing facts may be of interest: During
the month of February two years ago
the membership in the Oakland Board
of Trade was but 135. which meant a
revenue of but $135 per menth, barely
sufficient to pay the running expenses,
tho rent of rooms and salary of secre
tary. The publication of literature of
sufficiently high standing to attract
.more than passing notice was omitted.
The result was that but two letters of
interest were receivpd by the secretary
of the Board ef Trade during the entire
month.
-^OFFICERS AND MEMBERS.
The present officers and directors of
the Board of Trade are: R. H. Cham
berlain, president: 'D. Edward Collins,
vice president; M.J. Keller, treasurer;
Edwin Stearns, secretary; executive
committee, ; T). Edward Collins, J. Tyr
rel, George E. Fairchild, H. .C. Cap
well and C. J. Heeseman: directors/ R.
H. Chamberlain. Hush Hogan, M. J.
Keller, George E. Fairchild, J. Tyrrel,
R." P. M. Greeley, C. J. Heeseman, D.
Edward Collins, H.C. Capwell, A. W.
Kirkland and Frank J K. Mott,
Every line of business and every;pro
fession . is represented strongly in tho
membership of the Oakland Board of
Trade. The full list • of ? members /is
given as follows . by Secretary Edwin
Stearns:
AbrthamBon Bros.,' Edson-F.i Adam*. John
C. Adams, Dr. F. : L. Adam*.' Wesley Adams,
Frank 6. Adams. C.: R, Alien, :¦¦¦ Samuel T,
Alexander, 8. Anderson, 6. 8. Auftin. Alns
¦worth Company, A. ¦ A. Ambrose, P. W, An-
Many of the principal improvements
in Alameda County can be traced to
the efforts of the Oakland ' Board of
Trade.
The- Western Pacific Railroad was
materially assisted by the Board of
Trade in securing rights of way an3
terminals In Oakland and ere another
two years 'have elapsed It 13 hoped thar
the entry Into Oakland on the first
Western Pacific train will be duly cele
brated. '..'':
other mercantile organizations, to in
duce other transcontinental railroads
to make Oakland their terminus. The
present chairman of the railroad com
mittee of the Oakland Board of Trade.
M. J. Keller,' was made chairman "of
the "joint committee formed at that
time for the purpose of conferrine with
the officials of the Santa Fe to reaucst
that road to come to Oakland. The
time was not ripe, however, but the
railroad committee of the board never
relinquished its efforts, and to-day
Messrs. Keller, C. J. Heeseman. D. K.
Collins, R. P. M. Greeley and J. Tyr
rel, composing the committee on rail
roads, are arranging for a celebration
of the day— May 2— when the first Santa
Fe train will enter Oakland.
When the telegraphic press reports
announced that President Roosevelt
was contemplating a visit to Califor
nia the Oakland Board of Trade was
the first to send an invitation to the
chief executive to visit Oakland. The
invitation was accepted, and the Board
of Trade, feeling that the entertain
ment of j bo distinguished a visitor
properly (belonged to the entire com
munity and not solely to the organ
ization whose invitation he had ac
cepted, requested the Mayor to appoint
a committee of citizens to receive and
entertain the President.
GOOD PKIiSKXT PROGRAMME.
At the present time a committee of
the Board of Trade is working in con
junction with;a committee from Ala
meda with a view to thre improvement
of Webster street, in Alameda. and
with every prospect of a successful cul
mination. It Is hoped to make of this
great thoroughfare a boulevard sixty
feet in width, connecting: the two cities.
Samples of a rush grown . in the
marsh lands "Were taken Cast a few
months ago by a large manufacturer
of matting. These samples were made
up into matting, apparently of excel
lent quality, and the Board of Trade
is to-day, with the assistance of the
University of California, experiment
ing in raising this rush or tule. Experi
ment stations have been started at
Pleasantoji and Elmhurst. If the ex
periment proves successful thousands
of acres of marshy land in California,
now practically useless, will become
very valuable. The manufacturers of
matting agree to take\all the rush or
tule that can be raised upon 10.000
acres if It is proved by the experiments
now being conducted by the Board of
Trade that the tule can bo grown suc
cessfully, or In other words that it can
be grown to the desired length.
The board is now in correspondence
with several Eastern manufacturers,
with a view to inducing them to lo
cate plants on the eastern side of the
Bay of San Francisco, where tran<s
pcrtatlon by rail and water meet.
v — ' : — — *»•
! CHIEF OFFICERS OF THE OAKLAND BOARD OF TRADE. WHO ARE THE I
PRINCIPAL AGENTS IN ALL MATTERS CONCERNING THB DEVELOP- - I
j MENT OF THE LEADING CITY OF ALAMEDA. rOUNTY. !
Success Crowns the
Efforts of Board
of Trade.
George S. Lackle, M. J. Laymance. Lay
mance Real Kstate. R. A. Leet &' Co.. B.
I-issner, Los Cabin Bakery , G. Russell Lukens,
F.. G. Lea & Co., Tony Lubelski, Irving J.
Luce, J. Llewellyn, F. W. Leavltt, Emii Lehn
hardt, P. C. Lessen, •J.Laeoste, Walter E. Lo-'
Kan, George - W. Langan. E. H. Lake.H. H,
Love, Low & Anderson, Mrs. J. J. Lerrl & Co.,
T. C. LAndregan.W. F. Lloyd, George H. Lee,
Dr. J. W. L«gault,, George A. Lewis. . .
Geo. S. Meredltn. H. A. Moaher, John Mar
tens, Alax Marcuse. E. W. Marston. J.'>P. Max
well. Meads & Bell. James Moffltt. Edwin
MeeBe, Merchants' ; Express - Company, Henry
Meyer. J. S. Aleyere, John Mitchell, H. C.
Merrie, Frank K. Mott, George Moibacher,
W. S. Mackay & Co., Metropolitan Furniture
Company, B. P. Miller. Mann & Mole, Gustave
L. Mix & Co., Richard Montgomery, Dr. Jame«
L. Mayon, B. * C. Mayo, Asa V. Mendenhall,
Dr. H. B. MeUrmann, , Hugo i Muller, J. 1 H.
Montgomery, John Marcovich, H. M. Maxwell,
Mltchener & Burton, Philip Monroe. J. A. Mar.
tenstein, < W. Alorgan, Kugene Mercler, R, . W.
Miller. Henry T. Maddern, Metropolitan Im
provement Company, C.Millslch, J. H. . Mc-
Donald & Co., R. J. McMullen, George W.
Mackinnon, G. W. McKeand» C. McCarron, J.
Sherman I McDowell, C. M. - MacGregor; Joseph
M. McClenesan. John R. MacGregor. J. A.
McCarl, John . M.,- McCarthy. William McBain.
James 8: > Naismlth, Stephen ' G. Nye. John
H.Nicholl. H, Nash. Karl H. Nickel, Edward
Newland, Dr. J. II. Neagle, Robert C. Newell,
Harry Newton. ? ;
» Oakland: Bottling Company. Oakland Car/
riaye - Company, Oakland Cream Depot, Oak
land . Electrical -Company. Oakland Gas, ' Light
and Heat Company,, Oakland Iron Works, Oak
land ? Paper - Company; Oakland Paving Com.
pany. Warren ¦ Olney, . Osgood Bros,- Owl Drug
Company," Oakland -j Box - Factory.; Orr ¦¦ &
Breedlove, D. F. Oliver, William Hv O'Brien/^
Pacific Press .PublishlnB Company, W, , G.
Palmanteer," People's Express Company. Plerca
Hardware Company, Polytechnic .¦•-. Business
Colle-e, ¦ F. ] F. s Porter. Dr. -. William \ S. ~ Porter,
Thomas '¦ Prather, - Puret Sound : Lumber Com
pany, '.' Georse :, C. ¦¦' Perkins, : George C. - Pardee,
Paraf fine Paint Company. I William H. - Pettis,
Pacific Steel and .Wire Company. . Pacific • Vin
egar • and Pickle » Works, Paelflc Coast i Lumber
and f Mil! » Company, George •> 8. Pierce, -A. H.
Pratt.; Dr.. A. H. ; Pratt, P. ! H. ; Pinkerton,- A,
K." Perelval,-- Phillips- &. Lelsz, S. A- Potter,
Pure-Water Company. ;-.::• ¦_ . " . •. ,
; William B.' QuiS'ey Jr. James G.Qulnn.
W. w. Garth waite. Gates & Vogt, Profespor
J. C. Gilson, J. Brucn Gibson, Theodore Oler,
Ooldherir-Bowen Company, Edwin Goodall.
Harry F. Gordan. Georse B. AI. Gray, Gilsa
H. Gray; GJaddin*, McBtan & Co.: R. P M.
Greeley. O. Groppenciesser; Grayeon. Owen *:
Co.; Glrard Piano Company. J. T. Gardener &
Co., E. M. Glbfon, H.GrandJean, l^on B. Gold^
berg, Geonre E. Gross, John Guest.
Georgre D. Hallahan. E. M. Hall Jr.."Hugh
Hamilton. P. X. Hanrahan & Co.. Hanscii &
KahJer, J. J. Hannlfln & Co.. Arthur I* Harris,
F. C. Havens. Harold Havens, Wickhmm
Havens. C. J. Hecseman, Hillhouse & R»ardon,
•W. G. Henshaw; Holcomb Breed & Bancroft-
J. A. Hill. Cary Howard, Hook Bros., Howard
Company.,0. E. Hotchkisar Unwell. Dohrman
& Co. ; Humboldt Lumber Company, George W.
Hume. George T. Hawley; Hunt, Hatch &
Company; B. S. Hubbard, R. D. Hunter, Dr.
O. D. Hainlin. W. D. Huntinston. Edward R.
Hill. Whipple Sr.-!ar Hall, W. H. Hendricka.
Hopltlna & Co.. F"red Hambleton, Harrington
& Slclnnis, Clay H. Hawbaker. Otto I* Hasse,
A. c. Henry, S. Huff, Dr. L. F. Herrick. Rob
ert . Howcten, Jnmes Hutchlnson, F. B.
Houghton, P. F. Howard, J. E. Hunt Oscar
Howe. Joseph H Inch, E. F. Hughes, Frank H.
HorswlU. G..S. Haly.
George H. Ismon.
Jackson Furniture Company, W. N. Jenkins,
Jersey Milk and Butter Company, Jordon Print-
Ing Company. -James A. Joyce, Judson Manu
iacturlns Company, Charles A. Jurgens, R; A.
Jackson, Fred W. Jordon. Roosevelt Johnson,
Johnson Bros. & Crawford. Ben O. Johnson.
Kahn Bms.. Kane & Dary, M. J. Keller, W.
F. Kelly. KlrchNer & Mante, W. A. Kllng,
Krachn & Desloh, 11, S. Kitchener & Co.,
AUiert Kayser. H. . ¦ L. Kemp, ' C. H. King,
Kiel & Evans. W. A. Knight, P. Kislch. Kln^s
Art Store, Dr. Myra Knox. Dr. W. W. Ker-
Kan. Klrhcft & Sindlar. Kenneth A. Kerr, H.
G. Kendall. O. L. Knowles. F. L. Krause.
«i?h I » On V, & ? ns & Co - t>alziel & Moler,
William R 4 Davis Mrsu B. F.; De|ge r , E . M.
pi h r;°"' *• ht -?°*89 & Son. Dowdle
w n« S < f -omp«ny, W. A. Donaldson, George
\\. Dornln, \V. J. Dingec, Dr. -Charles A
Dukes, Dr. John W. Dodson. W, J. Donovan',
A "J° e , a . sy U U K - I»bon. Dixon &. Splllane
Carl Doell. Dr. Geor S e H. Derrick. pulane>
t R -. w - Edwards. F. AI. c. Ellis, J.>S. Emrry.
ilSS » Vai J.?A Exc^!r s!or R^wood Company
JudBonH.Edson- Henry Evers. Dr. ftl. il.
Enos. R. H. E. E«Dfy. Otis W. Ease T O
Erv.'ln. L. S. Esmoll. J. V. Embury "
George K. Falrchlld, Dr. Andrew Fine First
National Bank, G. T. Fomythe, AH Fried
man. Frank W. Froft. W. P. Fuller &'co E
Zi, *? int r> 5- F™^*. Walter B Fawcett."
Charles P. Fox, T. -Fleming George Fako V
U Fortln, Frank M. Ferguson, Pierre Fontaine!
J»»wj- Feeley, H. G. Fuller, James Frame
John Ferrin, Fosstne & Gallagher, Philip V.
derson, S. Angel, Samuel Arnold, E. L. An
ditwa, A. E. Alden, John J. Allen, Dr. E. J.
Uoyts, W. O. Kadgley, Nicholas A© Ball,
Haker Printing Company, Barker & Klnny,
11. AI. Barry, Fred Becker, E. Belle-Oudry,
I. A. Beietta. Al. Bock, W. A. Boole & Sou,
Uowman & Co., Richard M. Briare, E. A.
Bushell, A. H. Breed. J. G. B'.iswell. Rev.
Charlrs R. Blown, Hubert Bryant, Stuart W.
Booth, Borland & Lemon, Bills & Johneton,
B. Berctmch. M. AI. Barnett, W. E. Barnard,
Dr. O, E. Brinckei holt, Ur. t,. S. .Buruhard
Dr. ChqrU s Buchholz, Henry A. Buttere. J.
AI. Hartlelt, Arthur Brown, Dr. S. H. Buteau,
Fred L. Button. R. P. Bromley, H. V. Blan
del, Albeit E. Buckingham, W. J. Baker, J.
C. BuHock, Harry W. Bishop, : Butters &
Buhrlnr. J. N. Bouhaui, Carey R. Browning,
N. A. Brown, A. N; Burgess, E. W. Bacon.
Collins Brcs., A. E. Carpenter, Cahlll,
Jamrs & Co., H. <•. Capwell & Co., Carruth
* Carruth. R. H. ChamberUln, A. S. Cchii"£
' o., D, Edward Collins, Columbia Mercantile
< cmjiany, Centra Costa Water Company, Cot
ton lirpi!.. Crane Company, S. T. Crellln
Thonvts Crellin, Dr. D, l>. ' Crowley, Albert
Curlin, Francis Cutting. ,CsUf<?rnia . Door. Com
pany, J,. N.. Cobbledlck & Bros., T. O Oaw
trrd. lfugh - m. Cameron. Carleton i Parker,
, kmV- Chapman Dr. N. U. Chamberlain,
«.hll(i8, Pearson A Co., A. D. Coplin, E Cav
ar.avh, Clarence Crowcll, Dr. <?ar| E. Curdts
AN aliafe Clark, I. Cohn & Co., Dr. A L,. Cun
ningham, Cohn A- Klein, John P. Cook, Eben
i . Chase. W. H. Cornell. U O. Campbell. John
Oonant. C. AI. Cook. I. H. Clay, Joseph L.
Calla»han. John M. Chase.
As an Instance of the results' of in
creased membership and large civic
pride and a more far-reaching desire
Membership in the board is not con
fined to any one line of business or to
any number of lines. Any and all per
sons of good moral character who are
interested in the growth of the city of
Oakland or Alameda County are eligi
ble. The names of applicants for mem
bership are presented by members at
any of the regular meetings of the
board of directors. The names are bal
loted upon, and upon election dues of
$1 per month become payable. These
dues are used for the current or run
ning expenses and for compiling, print
ing and mailing illustrated literature
throughout the civilized world. Every
merchant, manufacturer, professional
man. contractor or property owner is
or should be interested in the growth
of his city. Every new family located
in a city through the efforts of a
Board of Trade means added business
to all lines of trade and all professions
in the community.
UXES OF MEMBERSHIP.
During its existence the membership
of the Board of Trade has varied from
100 to a f*>\v more than 500. the latter
figure, however, only having been
reached within a month.
At times during th*> last sixteen years
interest in advertising Oakland by the
business and professional men and
property owners waned to such an ex
tent as to make it almost impossible
to expend any money in that direction.
Then, again, renewed interest, either
In th*> Board of Trade or in the results
attained by sending descriptive litera
ture Bast, was Fhown; new members
wore added to the board, new litera
ture was printed and an increase in
immigration was the result.
Sixteen yean? ago on the 18th of this
month the Oakland Board of Trade
was incorporated. During that time
many manufactories have been located
in Oakland and Alameda County
through the efforts of the board.
Hundreds of families, now living
within the tonfines of the county
of Alameda first learned of Oak
land through the literature sent out by
this board. Ever sine* its inception it
has advertised not only the city of
Oakland, but all of Aiameda County,
to the best of its ability and with
varied results, dependent almost solely
upon its membership and consequently
on the amount of money on hand to ad
vertise with.
? ¦
Kaspiller Brewing Company, G. W. Reed,
Rf milliard Brick Comi»auy, Dr. George W.
Rodolph, O. ,A. Russell, William Rutherford,
J. B. Richardson, John Roetnsteln, Phil H.
Rosenheim, J. Tom Keeder, V. H. Kemratr, G.
A. Rothamel, M. A. Rouse & Co., Byron Rut
ley, John Rohan.
E. J. Kaake, E. I... Sargent, H. Scharman,
M. L,. ychlueter. F. Senram & Co., E. C Ses
sions, J. Seulberger, Sherman. Clay A Co.,
Smith Bros., W. Smith, F. M. Smith, l A. J.
SnydtT, Kdwln Stcarn«. A. 8t#ffanoni. StooKer
& Holland. Standard Underground Cable Com-
Itany.i E. ii. and A. L. Stone, Sunset Grocery
Company," Georgre Sterlin, Ij. 1^. M. tfalsbury.
Dr. Dudley Smith. E. J. Stewart, Dr. E. R.
Sill, A: T. Stewart, Security Bank and Trust
Company, Dr. C. C. Shtnnlck.- George W. Sam
uels, Snook & Church, Dr. R. T. Stratton,
Sanitarium Food Company, Ethan Scheidler.
Frederick A. Stearns. 3. F. Shrader. N. J.
Swenson, A. V. StevenBon. J. M. ficotchler, G.
A. Scott, A. W. Smith. E. J. Shepardson, C.
R Shaw, A. R. Savage. George W. Schmitt.
R. L. Spence, N. Symocopulos, DuRay Smith
Jr.. J. Somrs. . ' .
Taft & Prnnoyer, Jamen'P. Taylor, Taylor
A Co., Tesla Coal Company, Dr. H. O.
Thomas. E. C.Thurber & Co., William P.
Todd." V. C. Turner. J. Tyrrel, Charles H.
Taylor, The Ir.gram Hardware Company, The
Oakland Herald Publishing: Company, S. J.
Taylor, Troy Laundry, The Lyon Dlmock Com
pany The Fuji Company, Charles hi Trow,
Thompson & Brune. Frank W. Trower. V. E.
Twedell, Geors* T. Trowbrids:e, Conrad Thrane.
Uhl Brothers, Dr. E. A. Uptcn.
a P. Vanderccok. P: J. von Loben-Selw, W.
T. Veitch. R. W. Vlnctnt.
Washington Brewery, W. M. Watson
& Co.. F, A. AVebster, R. White
head, J. C. Westphall * Sons, W. S.
Williams, Allen D. Wilson, W. Wilson. W. A.
Wlahart. Woodward. Watpon & Co., Dr. E.
H. Woolsey. M. L.. WjJrts; Wellman. Robblns &
Co., Charles Wrodbury, H. Wachs, Beb Wright,
C M AVhlte. Dr. L>. A. Williams; Wiseman,
Holco'mb & Young. C. H. Wotton, Philip "SVV
Walsh, Frederick A. Wilder. J. G. White. My
ron A. Whldden, J. i. Warner, T. A. White,
TV. N. Wetmore. . •'
Eugene A. Young.
Theodore Zlegler.
The report of the McCall investiga
tion committee is looked for the laUer
part of the week. v
WASHINGTON, April 3.— The early
part of the present week will be de
voted to the postoffice appropriation
. bill, and. when that measure is dis
posed of the Panama canal bill will be
taken up. The canal bill will be among
the few meagu res* other than appro
priation bills that will receive attention
before final adjournment. The amend
ments will probably be debated at some
length. It is expected that by the time
the canal bill shall be disposed of the
sundry civil bill will have been re
ported from the committee, whereupon
it will be 'considered.
. During the week there will be discus
sions of various ' other bills, Including
the bill for the protection of the Presi
dent, on which Hoar will "speak Mon
day; the pure food bill, ort which Hey
burn will speak on Tuesday, and the
Chinese exclusion bill, which will be
discussed on Wednesday by Patterson.
Thursday will be .devoted to eulogies
on the late Senator Hanna.
, The -. Swayne impeachment resolution
will be the feature of the proceedings
in the House .this week. Legislation
for the District of Columbia will have
the right of way part of Monday, and
the remainder of the day will be
utilized for the passage of bills under
suspension of the rules. On Tuesday
and Wednesday the conference report
on the District of Columbia appropria
tion bill, to which the Senate has made
amendments, will take precedence and
the military academy bill will be dis
posed of during this time, as will con
ference reports on several minor House
bills. On Thursday the Swayne im
peachment case will be called up, and
present indications are that debate on
this subject will consume the balance
of the week. j
Thursday Will (Be Devoted
to Eulogies of Late Senator
Hanna l>y His Colleagues
MUCH WORK IN HOUSE
Senate Will Hare *a Busy
Week in the Discussion of
Appropriation Measures
MINI BILLS
TO BE DEBATED
OVER FIVE HUNDRED CITIZENS HELP
TO BOOM THE INTERESTS OF OAKLAND
THE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL, . MONDAY^APRIL ,4- 1904;
7
postum: cereal.
empty now.
How One Woman Quit Medicine.
"While a coffee user ray stomach
troubled me for years." says a lady of
Columbus. O., "and I had to take medi-
cine all the time. I had what I thought
was the best stomach medicine I could
set, had to keep getting it filled all the
time at 40 cents a bottle. I did not know
what the cause of my trouble was, but
Just dragged along: from day to day
suffering and taking medicine all the
time.
"About six months ago I quit tea and
coffee and began drinking Postum and
I have not had my prescription filled
since, which is a great surpri** to me,
for It proves that coffee was the cause
of all my trouble .although I never sus-
pected it.
'"When my friends ask me how I feel
since I have been taking Postum I say.
•To tell the truth I don't feel at all
only that I get hungry and eat every-
thing I want and lots of it and it never
hurts me and I am happy and well and
contented all the time.'
"I could not get my family to drink
Postum for a while until I mixed it in
a Jiftle coffee and kept on reducing the
amount of coffee until I got it all Pos-
tum. Now they all" like it and they
never belch it up like coffee.
"We all know that Postum is a sun-.
Khine maker. I find it helps one greatly,
for we do not have to think of aches
and pains all the time and can use our
minds for other things." Name given
by Postum Co., Battle Creek. Mich.
The one who has to bother with cof;
fee aches and palne is badly handi-
capped In the race for fame and for-
tune. Postum is a wonderful rebuild-
er. There's a reason.
Look in each pkg. for the famous
little book, "The Road to Wellville." .
AMUSEMENTS.
Blind Tom;
4 Welsons; Omar and Jlargina; 5 Mo-
vvats; 3Iazu.s ' and 31azett; Coakley
pnd McBridp; Wesson, Walters and
Wesson; James II- Cnllen;
LA BELLE GUERRERO,
Presentlns "lia Gitana," and Or-
pheum Pictures.
Regular Matinees every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, 25c,
and 50c.
CALIFORNIA
fB SCREAMS OF LAUGHTER. E&.
TO-NIGHT.
Th» farce that has made .millions ffi
McFADDEN'S I
...FLATS... t\
Entire Original Company as s««n fcr 3
S| 2C0 nights in New Tork; 10O nighta In K|
fcj Don't miss the "Tellowr Kids,'* fun- B
¦ niest little fellows you have ever »een. Hi
¦ Briiis: the children Saturday. flj
AT fA7 AD Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR £T e ££. •
General Manager.
TO-mOXCT— MATS. SAT. AND BUTT.
BEST FUN IN TOWN!
Augustus Thomas' Famous Comedy,
ON THEp
QUIET. -Ig*".
William Collier's Greatest Success.
ALL THE ALCAZAR. FAVORITES.
REGULAR PRICES RESUMED.
Evg.. SSc to 75c; Mats. Sat. & Sun., 25c to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— Bronson Howard's Play,
ARISTOCRACY,
j Market Street, Near Eighth... Phone South 533
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS "WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Mammoth Spectacular Production of
AROURD THE WORLD
WEIGHTY DAYS.
lOO-^PEOPLE-IN THE CAST— I0O
Masnlflcent Scenery! Gorgeous Costumes!
Both well Browne'* Brilliant Champagne Ballet!
DDIfce Evening?...' .10c to 5«>c
miCtO Matinees *.. .'.10c, 15c. 23c
Next— IN THE HANDS OF THE ( ENEil Y.
Clark's Comedy Dog Circus
And a Great Show Every Aft eraoon aad
Evening- in the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE MIN1ATCKB
• ' ELECTRia RAILROAD.
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLIMES IN THE ZOO. *
VISIT.THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission, 10c; Children, 5c. •
. When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
|M| J% Ammunition, Hunting and
III |lll> Sportlnj Goods. Larsesc
|_l I |U m. ¦" stock. Lowest prices. Sena
111 1119a « tor catalogue.
U W I ¦ SHREVE & BARBER CO..
~ "•¦ m ™ 738 Marfcat at and Kl
Kcarajr st.
\jM.nr. hess,
' Kfotary Public and Att orney-at-law.
Tenth Floor. Room lU15,CUua u , MJj.
Telephone Mam OSi »
Residence. 1 SOS McAllister st.
Residence Telephone Pags 5641.
WEEKLY OATYiy fl.00 PEB YEJL^
PATTOSIEN'S.
24 MORE DAYS AT
PATTOSIEN'S!
¦k MWi 1 Sma I il W\ Wmlmm 1
Never b if ore in the history of San Francisco have
\ people been ab?e to buy all kinds of elegant ,
Furniture, Carpets and Draperies
AT SUCH LOW PRICES.
| OUR STORE WILL POSITIVELY CLOSE APRIL 30. |
We have marked every piece at prices so low that we are
sure our great Store will bs crowded with eager buyers all this
we^kf 'How desirable and attractive these bargains are it is
impossible to convey in this announcement. } You must call and
see them.^ As fast as one lot is sold another will take its place
until every article is closed out.
THOUSANDS OF OPPORTUNITIES TO SAVt 30, 40 AND 50 PER CENT.
NOTE— AH goods bought during this Sale must be delivered
and paid for before May 10.
PATTOS1EN CO.
Corner Sixteenth and Mission. j
j AMUSEMEUT3.
I V U hU ifi tS 1 M LEADISU THEAirif
TWO WEEKS, BEGINNING
TO=NIGHT
; Every evening, including: Sunday.
Matinee Saturday only.
• K. Ziepfeld Jr. presents
In her srreatest musical comedy success,
MAM'SELLE
NAPOLEON
| 100 COMPANY 100
The Handsomest and Best Dressed Chorus
In the World.
THE SAME OLD GIRL"
MechtsiesV PiTiliea Tc-D»y, 8:16; To- Sight. 8::5.
NEW BIO SHOWS
CIRCUS, MENAGERIE
MUSEUM, HIPPODROME
Just Twice Larger than Ever Before
2-RIBGS BL s?^ ED MGS-2
A NEW CIRCUS THROUGHOUT
ABEN1C ARTISTS AND ANIMAL ACTORS
i Admission — Adults 25c: children 15c. Reserved
statt— Adults 50c: children 23c Box seats fl.
j?eats on Sale at Mechanics' Pavilion.
TIVOLI aS5&
EASTER WEEK— Farewell Performances of
tho Tlvoli's Best Musical Comedy.
A\R* PIGKWIGK
With j All the Tivoli Favorites and the Great
BEAUTY CHOBUS.
Beginning MONDAY EVENING, April 11,
magnificent revival of Milloecker's comic opera
masterpiece,
THE BEGGAR STUDENT
With a Tremendous Cast and Reappearance of
CAKO 3OMA and DOMENICO BUS30.
TIVOLI MATINEES SATURDAYS ONLY.
USUAL POPULAR -PRICES— 25c, 50c and
T5c ; j proscenium and mezzanine tiox eeats, $1.
A LH AM BRA
SCHUMANN-
HEINK
To-Morrow and Thursday Nights, 8;!5
_ Saturday Matinee, 2:30 .
Seats. 12.00.^ fl.60. $1.00— Box * Offlct
_ Shennan, ; Clay & Co. -
BacingllpSli^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CAUFOBNIA JOCKET ciUB.
Raclnsr Each .Wt«k Da-. Rain : or Shine. ;
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp. .
For special trains stopping at the track take.
S. P.' Ferry, foot of Market atreet/at 12, 12:30.
1 :00, 1 :3O or 2 o'clock. No smoking | la last two
cars, - which are reserved for : ladies and their !
escorts.' - ¦ ¦ • . •' ¦ -'¦ .- •' -. " - - ; . . :
/ - Returnlne ' trains • leave track at 4 :10 . and
4:45 and immediately after the last race."
; THOMAS H-- WILLIAMS. President. !
' PERCT W. TREAT. - Secretary. - - * '
AMUSEMENTS.
Be*. To-Nlfcht— This Week Only— Mat. Sat.
..I. mrs.- I '..;
[PYgfCB]
Jn Sardou'B Comedy,
D IVOR CONS
1 Preceded by
I A BIT OF OLD CHELSEA
¦jg»gj;LOdklNG
At the Funniest Musical Comedy of the Year.
I J ¦ :.r -IT IS— —¦-:•':
Replete With Wonderful j " - • . _
SPECIALTIES
And Our "All Star" Cast and # Great Chorus.
RESERVED SEATS — Nights, 26c, - BOc and
75c. Saturday., and Sunday Matinees, "5c and
BOc; Children at Matinees, 10c and 25c. :
Next Thursday— WHEELMEN'S NIGHT.
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New)HOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE.
REMODELED . AND REBUILT at expense
of $^6u,oo«>— New . Management— ENTIRELY
FIREPROOF.
LOCATION — Very accessible to street car
"Unes, theater*, etc. EUROPEAN PI/AN.
223 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several - Private rooms In - antique decorations,
Turkish Baths In Hotel. t
i . . UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT, D« Stel-
cer. Chef, formerly * of Waldorf-Astoria ¦ and
Chef to Princo of Wale3. •
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone Connec-
tions i in I every room ; Ions ' dlstano* connections;
made with any part of the coast. .';
I Wire for reservations, at t our expense.
' HOTEL BUTLER. Seattle, Wash. " -
IhfarA DON'T fAIL TO
I aiaWV fee th« beautiful
j COURT Lounging
fltifl : room, tbt EMPIRE
U1IU PARLOR- th«
vW t j PALM ROOM, th«
llfdfid LOUIS ; XV PAR-
uiaiM \ LOR<and the LJU
njV DIES' WRITING
Hotels Ropy-THE SAN FRANCISCO^CALL,;; MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1904.
8
FLATS TO LET — Conti-oed. __
8^_^TCTNT_T«S2^ear Castro-et ears-
Modem, sunny, upper fiat; . rooms. Cain,
basement. ¦ ¦- * n
WALLER. 1303. near Masonic ave.-Lower
Cat to let. & rooms, modern; $27 W. .
KI-kTS TO LET— FPRyiBHED^
FINE~fiati 'furnished complete; * n °. m $.?*?l
den: for « months from the Bth , / ?* Ma >l *°
responsible people only: near Golden Oat*
aveVand Flllraore. st. Box 4234. Call office.
FINE flat; furnished complete « rooms; «» f -
den; for « months from the 5th of May ta
• responsible people only; near G«! d f* «"'•
ave. and Fillmore st. Box 4234. Call office.
WASHINGTON. 2833— Beautifully furnished
sunny flat. 7 rooms; piano; garden.
F_ATS FOR aA-E—FURSlSHEP.
IDDT. 432— Elegantly furnished fiat of seven
rooms, for sale: modern: new famlture: new
carpeta; everything new; must sell; coat $300
2 months ago: price $CI0; term*.
? BNAP; $185; S-room flat completely for*
I nlsfaed; cheap rent. Call all day. 123 I__ve_-
| worth at. ¦
NEW furnltur* of 5-room snnny modern C-t;
everything co_rplete: must s*ll at onc«; *
bargain. 8270 Twentieth st.. near rolscm.
FCRH1TCRE FOR 8 A-K.
1 CH—-A-PE8T place to buy furniture, store* and
hocsehoid goods of tvery description: fi*t»
bought Mlaaion AucHouse. 428-439 Valeaet*.
- FUR?MTtJR_! "WAJITBP.
ABE LEVT.
Salesroom. 1183 Market at. Ttl. Jeaal* 751.
Don't eell your furniture, carpets, offico fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his est_n_te.
aT~_TsTORR8 pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc.; tel. Larkin 3631. 634 Eills.
A WOLLPERT." 773 Mission, pbon* Red 4483.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
B. T. SCHELL, 2412~Mlsslon; teL Church 5370,
__pays be*t prices for furniture, carpeta, etc
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mds*. L. H.
BURP, aucttocecr.1818 Mkt. :tel.Howard 2738.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
A LAUNDRESS. $30; cook. $35; nurte. $23:
second girl. $25: 2 second girls for Napa, $23
each; house girl. $30; chambermaid, $25.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter at. '.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdreesing,.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to 2
¦ In 2 weeks; $5 to these entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately: positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up: leading school la
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — G!ris to learn millinery mm for spring sea-
son: both seasons taught from start to finis 2*
In 1 month "for $13; positions as trimmers,
'salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton sL. r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trad*, manicuring, massage, etc. 123S Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room 94: positions secured
at highest wages;, day and eve. class; call.
A — OPERATORS on ladies' underwear; good
pay. 6B6 Mission it. third floor.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' waists; good pay.
656 MUsion st.. third floor.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' wash skirts and
dresses. €54 Mission St., third floor. .¦ • . '
A NEAT girl for downstairs work; must b« a
good cook; light washing; good wages. 11S0
O-Farrell st.
GERMAN girl for Berkeley: 4 adults: cooking
and general housework. Call Tuesday morn-
Ing 2721 Clay et.
WANTED — A girl to assist with general house-
work and cooking. 1620 Geary st.
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for general
housework; wages $20. 225 Dolorea st.
LUNCH waitress wanted. 1191 Market tt.
EXPERIENCED apprentice to work ou coati
at Sll Fifth St.; call at once.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid; assist waltlsg
table; $2S. Hotel Miramax, 703 Geary st.
CHAMBERMAIDS wanted. Golden West Ho-
tel. €8-73 Ellis st.
A FIRST-C_ASS~waltresa. Apply 29 Stockton
street.
FIRST-CLASS pants finishers. 744 Market •_,
room 27.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
FOR St, Louis World's Fair, 60 ladles, work
mammoth palmistry studio; $20 weekly: no
¦ experience necessary: lllus, palmistry book
with Instructions; 2 stamps. Frof. Frederick.
213 W. 125th St.. New York. Fair DepC. 132.
WANTED — Toung women, age 20 year* and
over, to learn to be dry goods saleswomen.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HAJLE
BROS.' .
WANTED — An experienced proofreader on book
and Job work; one who has some knowledg«
of Job printing . preferred. Apply SAN BORN,
VAIL & CO., 741 Market st. v
STRONG, clean, willing woman for house-
work; washing 2 days a week. 2712 Folsom.
BUSINESS house desires competent assistance
of mature woman; local. Box 1169 Call.
TAILORESS to work with bushelman. J.
GORDAN. 1124 Market st.
GIRL to assist In general housework; $13.
1S62 Pest st.. near Lacuna.
WANTED — A No. 1 dressmaker, cutter asd fit-
ter. Box 4224. Call office.
APPRENTICE on pantv 150 New Montgomery
St.. room 16.
WANTED— Panta ftalahers. Apply 8. N. WOOD
— CO.. 27 Geary st. - ¦_.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. Ap-
ply. 1633 Buchanan si. bet. 9 and 12.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch of See. cor. Duncan _ Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for tha reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st., opposite Flf_u
Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WANTED .MALE.
A^^CTFIC^MP-OTMENT ""aGENCt!
B23 — Montgomery st. — 528.
Phona Main 1191. Up«t-trs.
Spool tender, large lumber company. $45 fd.
3 Italian miners, north, $2 25 day: 2 2-hors«
teamsters. 2 laborers, R. R. work. long
Job. near city; laundryman. Institution, good
place, city. $35 found; head waiter, country
hotel, good position; waiter, country hotel,
free fare,. $35 to.und; 5 men to burn charcoal.
20c sack; bedmaker, rooming-house, $20 and
found.
EUTTERMAKER. $4O and found, and milker,
sama plac*!. $30 and found: 3 milkers. $CO
and $36 and found; stableman and teara-
- ster. $50: farmer and wife. $45 and found:'
blacksmith to run shop on shares: 2 garden-
ers, $30 and $35 and found: cnoreman an-1
wife for resort. $50 and found: restaurant
cooks, $14 and $16 week; hotel cook, country.
$5O and found: boarding-house cook. $45 and
found; and other*. J. F. CROSETT A CO..
628 Sacramento st. ' '-
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY,
»5 THIRD ST. Telephone Main 5521.
SPECIAL ORDER. SPECIAL ORDER.
Nevada— Government work— Eight hours.
Special Inducement. Faro refunded.
25 teamsters $2 25
¦ 15 slopers ...$3
We guarantee this proposition.
HORD * SMITH. *
A^ . l"^" I»
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions: catalogue and full
Information, mailed free. .MOLER System
College.- U35 Clay st. __J •
WANTED — Active, sober man to Join practical
cigar-maker: money guaranteed secure: $50
required ; No. 1 chance. 310 Folsom st. ,.
BARBER shoo and living rooms for sale very
cheap on account of. death: $70 cash neces-
sary. Call 54.1 Sixth »t.
SOBER'-. German, steady, references, handy,
tend. bar. wlnehouse; married preferr*4. . Box •
1191. Call office.
A BOT about 15 years old to'assfot wrapping.
Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.." 740 Market st.
TAILOR wanted on custom coats; steady work;
good pay. ' &3" Natoma st.
WANTED— Young men forV whallns cruise.
Apply Huraboldt House, "8 'Jackson st.
BARBER ¦~cnts" to - rent shop • or buy Install-
ments-state, particulars. Box I19O.' Call.
BARBER nhoi» for rent. Call after tt p. m..
1547 Mission st. >.,-'-"•.
BARBERS— 3-ehair. shop for sale: wholesale
'/district; easy term s. ; Box, 119$, Call office.
THREE-chalr barber, shop; cheap;, good loea-
tlon; must sell; have other business. 211 6th.
WANTED—Men learn tailor cutting; prlcva rea~
•onable. -PROF.' F.J.' LESS WIN Q, 1028 Post
Bcsi~r*s chasces.
A $2000 DRUSTOKE close to Call builaing:
eeteb. IS years: we!t paying; valu* In stock;
a very mr» chaai-e lor pood druggist, see
K. «j. WILKE, -•«!» Kearny !*t.
A— $3000— COKNER batoun: cJoee to Call bldg;
3 rear*' leare; net rent $120; this is ere of
the best reloon locations in this city, and
a llxe man can c'.e«r $500 per month. Cali
H. O. XMLKK. 20 V» Kearny »U
A _t<00— ROADHOt'SE. with dance hall, club
asd llrtng rooms; rent 140; electric light In-
cluded; b years' leaee. Call R. G. WILKE.
26tj Kearny tt.
A— $3000; SALOON and liquor store on Sixth
rt. : r«it $50; business O K. but owner is en-
gcged tn other buttneta: must sell at once.
R. G. WILKE. S6S Kearny tt.
A— $4500; COFFEE, lea and crocket y more; one
of ib* leading buslneskc-s of this kind and in
choioeet location In Ihls city; rent $t£; all
cat>h trade; stock will Invoice $4000; a very
rare chaact. Particulars H. G. WILKK. 26»*
Keamy gt. '
A— HXV — CUUNKR cigar stand on Kearny;
rent $SS; lease; a good business; come and
lnvesjijcAtc. R. G. WILKK. 20H Kearny st.
A1*ELOCK of land. 300x300. la San Lcaadro
with house of 4 rooms: income $400 per
ysr lrom fruit: will exchanse for dairy
raccb. Call R. G. WILKE. 2t»H Keamy «t.
A— *2OiO— tsALOON in wholesale district; rent '
$00; placa cttatllshed many jears and good ¦
payirg. Cali R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st. |
A — Jin.i. — COP.NtR grocery and bar on Larkin
•t.. doing :< tine cash businer?; lalue In
- >i«ht; fresh ctuck; no better location in this
cfty. See K. G. WILKE. 2U^ Kearcy st.
A— $2000 — COFFEE ealoon and restaurant on
waterlroot. close f Market sL; place estab-
lished years and well paving; dally receipts
about $00. Cal! R. O. WILKE. 26?4 Kearny.
A-^$1ICO — SALOON, with 3 rooms; close to
Kearny and Hush its; rent $75; lease; place
easily clears $200 per month: nice, fixtures.
(ho!c_;t sto:k of i.quors. All particular* of
K. G. WILKK; 26V. Kearny sU
A— $1100— DELU ATtSSEN and dairy produce
store; rest $40, dally receipts $46; plac*
ckar.rs about $175 per month. R. G.
WILKK. Kenray tt.
A— $1750— CORNEK grocery , and bar on
C'Farrell St.; place kept by present owners
N years asd doing a good paying -cash busl-
rten>; frtih stock: value in eight. R. G.
WILKE. 2*>H Kearay tt. •
A— $eSO- CORNER bakery. with 4 living
roomr; about 2 blocks north of Market St.;
will be sacrificed If eold at once: owners to
Vave city. Ca'.l K. G. WILKE. 2CU Kearny.
A— $UC<»0— CUKNEK saloon with 5 years' lease:
clete to Flood building: this is the choicest
location lr this city and a rirjt-class paying
bugaUfcS See K. G. WILKE. 2B«i Kearny tt.
A — $730 — CASDT *tore and ice cream parlors,
with stationery. €tc. on Devlsadero st. ; 3
l!viog rc.cn, t-; a. cplendld location and good
business. See R. G. WILKE. 20V» Kearny.
A— S30C0; COAL, hay and Krain yard; on Geary
¦_; rent $40. Uaxe; 3 horsrs. 6 wugocs; busl-
rrtt ettsb. jeans; iDvestlgate at once; a rare
• ctance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26',4 Kearny st.
A — J1CO; COR. ralocn with 4 rooms aud bath;
n-nt $50: lease; a Crut-class paylnc place In
choicest location: JK'O p*r month clear gi_>r-
act»ed. R. G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny st.
A— $I2«0: CO: .-'EE caloon and bak«ry In
choicest locat.cn; rtnt $80; dslly receipts
abcut $70; a good business, but sickness of
owner ccrapele him to retire. Particulars JI.
G. WII— CE. 26^i Kearny «t.
A— $860: CORNER cigar stand, close to Mar-
ket and Stockton sts.: rent $7S; a splendid
location and rare burisess chance. See R.
G. WILKE. 2UH Kearny *t.
I HAVE many calls for buslnecs places In this
city ar.d across th* bay; also for country
places, chicken ranches, and In fact ranchee
•if all ldnc>. Any one that wou'd like to din-
pose of his property will profit by listing
with H. DOYLE. 10_{ Market »t.. S. F.
IIO.OCO— FINK hctel in the city containing 68
room; '2 private fjlten. with -bath connect-
ed; eteam heat, electric lights and elevator;
ra>ruent can b» arranged to suit buyer, an-1
1r a pacing proposition. H. DOYLE, 1023
Mcrk*t at.
A — OYFTER and chop house: 14 tables: pri-
vate noir.f. connected on 2d floor: elegant
bargain; paying business; must be sold: good
locality: e ft abllehed 20 yesrs. H. DOYLE.
1C>23 Market et.. above Sixth.
$7P*> — CANDY and icecream parlor; money
maker: rent $1%; everything complete; fine
locality : gran<1 opportunity. Particulars
1OO7H Market et.. room I.
CIGAR »tard; Kearny tt.; doing a fine busl-
nea»; cheap if sold at once: account old age.
Inquire 10074 Market et., room 1.
$3C0 BUYS half interest In established office
and oommlesirn buslnees clearing to each
$125 monthly; experience not required: must
give references: bena-fide offer. Particular*
at 1007H Market »t.. rocm 1.
FOR tale — Grocery-, bar and fruit stand; one
of tfce best in tbe city; tales over $70 per
day ruarentepd; will «e!l reasonable; good
reason for retirinc. For particulars apply
to Box 1076. Call office.
GRAEP this opportunity: livery and boarding
stable doing a flourishing business; clearing
$400 monthly: will bear Investigation; flrst-
claes location. HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
GOOD hotel In northern part of California to
lease for a term of years: everything in good
running order. Address for particulars, box
4119. Call office.
DAIRY In northern part of State for sale;
everything complete and has a good trade;
will allow 15 daj-s' trial for full investiga-
tion. Particulars box 4144. Call office.
I WILL cell my half interest In a well es-
tabl!nhed -dyeing and cleaning works, as
other business callx me away. Address for
particulars, box 4Cfi9. Call office.
WANTED— A partner with about $2000 In a
manufacturing concern; an article that has
a rood demand on the market. 'Addrees box
40B1. Call office.
HAY and grain business for eale: well estab-
lished: good trade; will sell reasonable; a
good opening for a live man: don't expect
anything for good will. Box 4219. Call.
AN old established delicacy xtore on a busi-
ness street and near Market: a *pl«-ndld trade
and cleat-ins $175 per month over expenses.
Cox 4203. call office.
FOR SALE — On»ra! merchandise store In
California mining town; a good locality; a
good etock and the best trade of the town.
Address box 4059. Call office.
MUST be sold at onoe; a first-class parlor and
sporting house; 10 rooms and dance hall;
owner frotng East. Address box 1105, Call
office, San Franc-! sco. ' •
FOM ealfi — Boarding-house, established 4 years:
IZ> rooms; large yard; 20 beds; rent $40:
steady boarders;" chance for increase: snap
for man and wife. £23 Flirt et.
FOR sale — Cigar-store, with clubrooms; cen-
trally located on K St.. Sacramento;' estab-
lished ten years. Address O. K., box 1S2.
Sacramento.
SALOON and cigar stand., laundry office; two
years' lease; food location; reference. Call
418 Sacramento st. , -
A GOOD shoe repairing chop, with ' living
rooms., for sale, cheap." Apply 651 Sacra-
mento s/t. • ¦ .
LOOK— Rent only $0: fruit and vegetable
store: furnished " livlnc rooms; $150 to-day:
other- business. 90 Harriet at.
MANUFACTURING -business would like to
enlarge, therefore will take a good working
]>artner with some cash. Box 4231.. Call..
CIGAR stand on Montgomery st. for sale; cIom
to Market nt.: a good huslness stand; m"«
yell. Box 4067. Call i office. -. . . '
WANTED — A "delicacy store with -an estab-
lished trade: will, pay cask. Address box
4067. Call office. ,
BRANCH bakery-, stationery and notion store,
with 3 lurnished rooms: will sell with or
without furniture.' 4102. 19th ,st., nr. Castro.
DELICATESSEN store — 3 Ilvlnr ! rooms; sac-
rifice If sold at once; leaving city. Box 1016,
Call office. ' -
A GOOD psying livery stable; Investigation In-
vited. : Inquire. Landgraff 's Villa, -Mill Val-
ley, Marin County. Cal. . ¦ . -
REFTAURANT and delicatessen store. 3 llv-
JnB-roon_;-yard:-rent $3O: lease;- clears $1SO;
cheap If col.: by April 15. 2S31. Mission, St.
ANTIQUARIAN . Bookstore. 647 Washington:
entire etock for sale, .as a whole -or; In part,
at a sacrifice; premises be vacated at ' once.
FIRST-CLAFS sho^making and repairing ehop
for sale ; -in good location: close to- two
carhou»ei». ti'Twenty-Dinth St.. near Mission.
DELICACY, store fcr eale; : In- good location:
good-etock:' must be 'sold on account of sick-
ness; price $75. Apply 2V>7 Foluom, nr. 21st.
jTVrOFPKROUS dreswrakicg "business for
.Ms.1*. In Ktarr; Kintr. building; reasons, HI
health. Address box 11«5.» Call office.
$575 — SALOON. 4th si. ¦ location; nice . fixtures
and. ?Jock.. UROOKBANK. V17. Market st.
CIGAR bland to let. Apply Hayes and Octavia
Et». - ¦ ¦• ¦ V-. : .-.: • - ••' ¦: . ¦• ¦¦
PARTNER' wanted in established gold and sil-
ver plating .works. ! Call at. 73 Thirteenth. at.
SHOE store' for sale. 44 Sixth* st, '"
l.»u«<-'-»«" iTfitif-j-t %'oix r iV.r-i-''" .
A CAMERON & CO. Phone South 106O.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-Houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
i houi>e; luxuriously furnished: 6-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
Ing $400 to |600 per month; obliged to leave
city. -
11 rooms; rent $40; close lr; oak, cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets- clears >55 o»er all
expenses; |400 cash, balance time; snap; "5700.
46 rooms; rent only $05; well located hotel
south of Market;' fine bar: well stocko-1: brick
building; electric lights: everything guvd con-
dition; nart fash, balance time; price 525U0;
will exchange this with good real estate for
laree downtown house.
40 rooms; elegantly furnished: rent only $250:
oak and mahogany' furniture; 60 boarder*;
cli-arlng S2to ptr month; close in; fine uay:
price StiGOO. -
11 rooms; Ellis st.; close in; oak furniture;
moquet carpets; part cash, balance time", price
$<5M.
10S, rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
fun.whed; up-to-date rooming house; hais fine
bar; can be run In conjunction if desired; rate
chance for right- parties; part cash. ' balance
ca'i bo paid out of house: other busincjj micr-
ejts demand Immediate departure.'
12« rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric e.l-jvator,
liChts; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys- In the cit/.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment house; reduced to $1100.
20 rooms; cheap rent; close In; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears 5100; part cast.
30 rooms; rant only $150; oak and cherry '
fur.; fine carpets; close In;. fine money-maker.
162 rooms," most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house In San Francisco; beautiful, mrd-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 per month; 5-year lease: part cai-h,
balance 8 per cent per year. :
18 rooms; rent $85; well furnished; all new;
$6(.O down, balance 1% per cent; fine buy; oily
25 rooms; rent only $60; north Markst; all
full: clears $100 per month; price $1800; will
exchange for small chicken ranch. j, •
106 rooms; new; most elegantly appointed
family hotel in city; all full and clearing $400
to $e00 per month: book« open for inspection;
oblieed to leave city.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; goou
carpets; sickness; price $350.
190 rooms; new and elegantly appointed
apartment house; gwell location; long lease;
cheap rent; cart cash,' balance mads out of
house without interest.
10 rooms; Ellis; newly furnished; rent $40;
apartments: $200 down, balance $20 per month,
no Interest; must ba sold • on account other
buslnees; price $725.
20 rooms; well located: north Market; cheap
rent; Income $70, leaves 2 rooms landlady;
enau; $300.
75 rooms; new, modern building; elegant fur-
nlohlngs; cheap rent; close in; will clear $400
per month; $5000 down, balance can be paid
out of house; see this.
9 rooms; sunny flat; rent $50; oak. mahog.
fur. ; to leave city; reduced to $650.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment house and pay cash difference.
8 rooms; line upper flat: rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450.
18 rooms; rent $85; north Market; close In;
good money maker; reduced from $1600 to $1100.
23 rooms; well furnished: first-class tran-
sient house;. 2 blocks off Market: 5-year lease;
clearing over ?1CO; good buy for eome one.
31 rooms; rent $110; all lfght rooms; clear-
Ing over $100 per mo. ; regular snap; only $S0O
to get in; must leave city at once; price $1300.
128 rooms; cheap r?nt; long lease; first-
class up-to-date downtown hotel; well fur-
nlfh'ed; clearing $500 -to $600 per month; must
sell on account of other buslnees; only with us.
50 rooms; elegantly furnished; »flne 4 oca tlon;
close <ln; new and modern throughout: full and
clearing $250 to $.150 per month; must be sold
to settle an estate; only face of mortgage now
ou it aeked; chance of a lifetime.
DO rooms; part offices; elegant new building
and furniture; hfgh-clas« location; beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill In
connection; best proposition In city; called East.
24 rooms: rent $145: new' and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
rood lease.
17 rooms; rent only $70; oak furniture; Ax-
minster carpets; fine location; clears $80; fine
buy.
29 rooms; central; cheap rent; well fur.: some
housekeeping; full; will take flat In exchange.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear Investigation.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $85; oak fur.:
good carpets: housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady;
price $1600.
50 rooms; new; modern apartment house; 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
StiCO— FURNISHED house; 0 large rooms; front
parlor and front upstairs pay the rent: Sut-
fr and Jones sts. Call I. STRAUB, 630
Market st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
LODGING-HOUSES "WANTED.
WANTED — Lodging- house of about. 25 rooms,
well furnished. Box 4248. Call office.
CARPET BEATIKG^AKD CLEAN IX G
WHEN you become disgusted with your 4 work
send for SPAUI.DING"S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Work*. £55-357 Tehama »t. : tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S.' 240 Fourteenth St., clean-
!ng & laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission 71.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rlson st.: Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 223.
CONKoIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 120,
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
iresses made over. 14:$2 Howard ;tel. South 218.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Mam 3!>4. GEO. WALCOM ft CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison ft.: tel. Ml«*lnn 2fi3.
. CBTEDIT CZi OT_CI_B3. ¦
C F. ADAMS CO. . .
- : SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
. We clcth» the whole family from hats to
nhoes: everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason nt. ¦ ;
' CLOTHIWO BEKOTATIWO.
SUITS cleaned and Dressed. $t;; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marches 40 Ellis nt., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
CTJB-S BUPTUBE. ' •
WHO? — Hunter, 120t> Market st.; $100; rupture
cure for $10: circular explains; send for one.
'¦¦•¦'_¦ _JMENTISTS. V : ££ggt|^
DR. GRUSS, 518 Callaghan~bldg?,TMarket and
sts.', 'usesUhe' Basford' obturider;
the ' only. device ever : Invented for. grinding.
drilling, and; excavating, teeth without pain.
Call for demonstration. [ Tel. i Jessie 3606.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market nr Eleventh
— No charge for * extracting when plates ar«
m.ide: eld plates ' made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting SOo; gas given.
A . NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot : break;
..warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 60; fillings. 60c;
plates. < $5; . full set; all - work ¦ painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
Paris Dental Parlors, _fo Kearny.* cor. Bush-t-
act teeth. $1 50 up; crowns,^$2 up: fllUngs,25c
ARTHUR CHISHOLM.- surgeon-dentlst,r.l4.1st
floor.' I'holan bid.. 80ft Market.': cor. O'Farrell.
DR. 'H. G. YOUNG— Bridges and teeth mlth-'
out plates specialty. ; 1841 'Polk st,
GOLD fillings 7.1c; silver. 35c: * crowns.' $2; no
pnln: open Sunday*. Dr,O.B.Hewltt.2Q4 Sutter.'
I III t HKjiJM A Iv KKS A Sjnjj SEAMSTRESSES j
Accordion., sunburst' and knife-plaiting; double
stamps on dress i linings.' Stewart's i button and
bottonho'.e factory. 110 Taylor; tei: Folsftm 2121.!
McDOWELL Dressmaking _ Millinery School—
¦ Patterns cut to measure: eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
BTYLISH . skirts : II ; ,, paper J hat* . to* order $1 ;
- children's clothes a specialty. ' 514' Minna st. i
SPIRITUALISM,
Mrs. Dr. Martin, wonderful spiritual healer and
burlDees medium; readings dallj-, $1; dcvelop-
__lnc class ThHrs.S j>. m. lOC't'S Golden Gate avc.'
MME. LUrRETJA. spirit "medium: circles
- every evening; hours 10 to 6. 148 Cth. r. L
EDWAKD . KARLE. 1052" Kills, readings daily.
9:30 to '4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS. n«. ted clairvoyant, and
»late-wmer. H12 Hdily *1. Phon- Frott 8S7.
C_AIRVOVAJVT»,
ASSURED success for you.
Call at or.ee and save $4.'
¦ His famous S3 reading this week for
*1 «1 »1 |1 *1 ?1 *1 *l
No charge • . No charge j
Unless you obtain the information for
7 which you consult him;
v" PAUL DESTINE,
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
V °- palmist .ever -in. San .Francisco. '
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
- » tYou to -be. full -Judge.) -:..
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for: I tell you if
husband, wife. or lover Is true or false; who i
and when you will marry;. how to gain the love
| of the one you desire; "In fact," I will tell you |
every hope, fear or ambition better than you i
can tell yourself; his advice is reliable, his pow-
ers ' are wonderful and Indisputable; - he lm- I
proves vcur character bo that you will reach
the highest possible development In 'mental
vJsor. health, happiness and capacity to earn
¦ wealth; the controlling [ power Implanted In
! ycur nature, bo you can change the intentions,
actions. or bablts of any one secretly; cures
disease and lost vitality: gives advice on min-
ing and buried treasures; gives you success In
life; he guarantees you success., or charges
nothing Tor his services.
10 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 2 to 6.
" . - " 326— O'Farrell street— 320.
ISM AH, the Egyptian | gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk; private read.ngs daily, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mail as satlsfac- i
tory as In person: 3 questions answered, $1; j
full fife, $5;- send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency; send poetofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— Miss M. Wille. 460 Geary, clairvoyant, crys^
tal seer and ltfe reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without' asking a ques-
tlon; names given; special. |1; hours 10 to 8.
A— MME. BF.RNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on nil a {fairs of life; catlsraa-
tlon guaranteed: -25c up. 17 3d. next Exam.
MISS ZEMDATt, young gifted clalr. ar.d palm.;
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names; I. COo; g. SI. 714 Franklin, nr.G.G.ave
MME.RAVENNA. formerly 6 4th et.. reads life;
business advice; nam«s given; readings COc 1
week. Offices' 8S5 Howard, bet. 4th and 5th.
Mrs.A.H. Kronenberr.ralmlst. clairvoyant, card
reader;when others fall try me: good readings
10c. 721 rranklin.nr.G.G.ave. Tel.Lorkln 4207.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader;- la. 25c,
gents COc. .951 Mission St., nr. 6th; open Sun.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; re-
moved from 1S2 to 23% 6th; 1. 25c, g. 60c.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader: ladles 25c;
gents BOo; hours 10 to 9. 120 Sixth st. •' ¦ •
MME. LOVONIA, clairvoyant, palmist — Read-
ings this week 2Bc. 46S Jessie »t.. nr. Sixth.
OLDEST lady palmist and I card reader In city.
20^4 Kearny. room 20: ladies. 25c; gents, SOc.
MISS WARD gives names, dates and facts;
rea.llngs dally: not open Sunday. 917 Market.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortun*-'
teller, la now at 317 Ellis st. . .
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlriKf dally. 448^ Jessl* »t.. bet. Sth and 6th.
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study In the entire West. N*w, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough. Inspiring
Instruction, 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 901-
925 Golden Gate ave. -. . ' ...... .
A THOROUGH, experienced teacher will taks
private pupils; particular attention given to
ladies and gentlemen whose education ha«
been neglected; ami to nervous and backward
pupils; public school pupils received. MISS
FENTON, 1»33 Sutter st. .
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
. for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford proles-
tor: day and evening seeslccs. Pcelan bldg.
ATRES. the leading business college, T2)<Mar»
ket et.: established IS years; the school that
secures petitions {or graduates; Just added 23
new typewriters; catalogue free. ¦ :*
HEALD'S BUsInEsIFcoTlKGeT 24 POST. 8.
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
¦and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
LEARN SPANISH In 2 months: classes in
French ami Spanish $5 a month. B. F.
AMES. Teacher of Languages. 26S Golden
Gate ave.. corner Hyde st. '
A LARGER and better school than ever: enter
at once if you desire a good position; Gregg
*horthand, Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs., Sat. and' Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster 1 *
School cf Dancing. 155C Market, nr. Larkin.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1382 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business ColIege;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arith.;
spelling, wrltlmr. etc.:'day eve.; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&Electrlcity, 24 Post
tt., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
CLARA, 1BO% S bet. Fourth and Fifth— Sunny
flat of 4 rooms and basement^
SPANISH — A practical and progressive meth-
od. RAFAELSERRANO^RSOCallforala^ivl.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice. 462 Geary st.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per mo.:
mandolin club SI per mo'. 328 Halght st.
KENT Law School always open; send for cir-
culars. 536 Parrott Building.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
PIANO lessons, 26c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFKICEB.
GEORGlTAbKir421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
- ntshes best help: contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM j Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st. Tel. Main J>762
SCANDINAVIAN Female Employment Bureau,
&04 Kearny St.. room 3; phone Black 4458.'
FRITZ'S Emn. Office: Japanese and Chinese
helo. 415 Stockton, st. Tel. Grant j 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE pnrl ! Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT.' WAKTED— KEMALB.
A GOOD obllglnjr woman wishes a situation to
do general l.ousework: city or short distance
In country: ' Is a good cock;- carfare. Ad-
dress 270 Jessie st;
WORKING housekeeper wishes position In
'¦ hotel; city or country: references. . Box 1189,
: Call office. • - ¦¦ ¦¦'-.'• . ." . ¦ ¦
COMPETENT, reliable young "woman ¦ wishes
housework; city or country; wages no .ob-
. Ject. Box 1 1 50, Call -office. -. - -
TWO girls from East wish positions 'as- wait-
resses or upstairs . work . together; :, first-class
reference. 2427 Harrison st. :.'.¦>• ' "¦ •.¦¦.-"¦ - ; . .
A WOMAN would like half a day's work to as-
: slst.' Addreiw J. ¦ Z., 7 Baldwin: court, oft
. Folsom Bt.V near. First. ,; ¦." ¦ "- .,' '¦
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants j situation,
general housework : go6d cook; object, good
home. 1241 Broadway,: Oakland../: :;"'
WOMAN— Situation,, housework 'or "ranch cook.
VI 100 . Powell st. ":;, •*:..'¦'•¦'- ".- ' ¦¦ : ¦" < - ¦ ' ' '" ; • [
WANTED— A, position , as housekeeper or. care ;
: of -invalid. :40G Octavia ;st.- (^; ; ' '-; V ,
YOUNG lady wishes to assist In manicure. par-
lors. Box;1185, 'Call office.- ,-..,':; -
HOTEL housekeeper Oeslres position "in "first-
class hotel or summer resort: • 3 years in last
• place; beet references. Call or. address,' P.
E. C.,' 1406 |Hyde nt,?); ,¦>:', v ;> .- ¦ , ¦ ¦
YOUNG lady wants position; to iwbrk' In 'mil-
linery store; has had 15 years' experience.
| V Address Box 10S2. Call office. ->',- .. c- *
EXPERI_NCt:D Kpanlsh and 1 - Kn«llsh_- ste-
-¦ nosraphfr: lakes Spanish and English 'dicta- ;
V tlon; references. Box 1098, ; Call j office. . - » : ¦
LADY wants position as shirtwaist designer or
• forelady ¦ In'? shirtwaist > or skirt ; department;
// best references 7 furnished. ; Box S 1166, V Call.
COIX5RED Eastern woman wishes bltuationin
j private family -a* plain cook. ' Phone * Red
, 41S5. ¦ v . . ¦¦¦¦-.' .' ' ' ""-"¦. " . '
"JOHN D. SP-XCKELS, Proprietor^
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONn.
A*k for THE CALL The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department Yob Wish.
Publication Office Msrket and Third. S. F.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carrier* . 20 Ct«. Per Week. 75
Cts- Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail. Includlrc Postag* tCaah \\ ttn
Order) : „
DAILY CALL (iaciud. Suanayt. 1 y*»r. . -*_-JJv
DAILY CALL dnciud Sunday*. « mot... «OT
DAILY CALL— By Srrg'.e Month '**
M vr>AT CALL 1 Year *¦£»
-T__KX.T CALL I Year -• • V..V^
r Dallv »J» SO Per Tear txtra
. FOKE1GN j s" n a a -y 4 16 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. \ „££& too Per Tesr Extra
ALL POSTMAFTETli ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
&»rr,-> Ceplea will be forwarded wnen re-
quested.
Mall eufc»cribers in ordering change «^.J^r
«re» f «hou!fl be pertlcular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS tn order to Insure »
ptempt and correct compliance with taeir re-
«UML
OAJCLAND OFFICE:
111* Brca4w»>., Te>phone Main 1083
t BERKELEY OFFICB:
51** Center Street Telersone North 17
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 81
"Cllcn Square; Murray Kill Hotel: Flflh-aTe-
• cue Ho;el acd HofTmati I'ousa.
CHiCAGO NEWS STANDS:
Pfcermao House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hot*!; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORtJE KKOGNES9..Marquette Building
'(Long Diitaace Telephone. 'Central 261>.")
NEW TORK P.EPRESENTATIV'E.
STEfiI_N B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TOr.K CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAKLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of ttie San Francisco
Cail. comer Matket and Third »treet§; open
until 12 cV'otk every night tn the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JfWR Market »-.reet. opposite Fifth: open unUl
" 11 p m
C27 Mortromery street, corner Clay: open
until 8:30 p ra.
• Sf<<« Haves etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
.«» McAllister »treet: open until 8:30 p. m.
«15 Larkin etreet; open until »:30 p. na.
:?U1 Hta_0B street: Cpen until 10 p. m.
rr^l Murker street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
m V»> LMeventh etreet: cpen until 8 p. m.
" JC~ Valencia street: open until St p. m.
Northeayt corner Church and Duncan streets;
cpen until 8 p. ra.
JSerth— est corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 0 p. ex.
„<¦<• Fillmore etreet: open until 9 o. ra.
M_l"* - I.\«; .NOTICES.
AFtLl'M of Golden Gate Commandery . -^_
No. l«. K T . fi' SuiTer Ft.— Stated Hl|"
««eml'!y THIS EVENING tt 8 M
o'clock. Order of Temple. All fra-
ters are courteously Invited. By
order of the coir.n_sider.
THEO FROLJCH, Recorder.
"ON FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Hoy- £
al Arch MfiFor*. meets THIS EVEN- VVT
ING. Business and degree 4. /VA
H. O. PRINCE. Secretary.
HERMANN Ledge No. 127. F. and A. m
M. --Stated meeting THIS DAY
• MONDAY*. April 4. !yf>4. at 8 />r\
0'dock p m. By order cf the W. M.
L,. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
KING SOLOMON S~Lodge~No. 2*50, r. «
.and A. M.. 1S2« Flllmore st.— Stated W
rn«*tlng and third degree THIS /V\
EVENING at 7:3'"< o'doCk.
HARRY BAEHR. Secret ary.
THE regular monthly rfffi « m m,"
—„.:•¦-,> ,,» the Socletj iS^.S^"^
A full attendanc* is
requeFted. J. I SPEAR, Secretan*.
_TEMBERS of Redforvl -, •
«"amp No. 91. W. O. W.. ~~*^q
take notice that the re- V_T_
— >"«•' ri:r 1st* n»irh- *Z-?1*<f 'nfWJ J&VA
t- PAUL BROCK, are fc 7 _^j^jj.'JLL^i-'
lytrg »f the chapel of "S^^^
I_"r<lertaker C H. J. Truman. 1909 Mission
*t.. where the body can be viewed for a few
* «ay«; it will th«n be taken East for Inter-
ment. Frat..
FRED G. GELATTE, Con. Com.
J. N. BAJKXL, Clerk.
•SPECIAL meeting L. U. No. 1» of Painters.
B B. Hell. 121 Eddy rt.. MONDAY. April 4.
at K p. m. M. P. «:ARRICK and JOS. C. S.
* KEMP -will be present.
THL" B^rd or Medical Examiners of the State
* of California will hold the regular exam-
ination tn the examination chambers. Civfl
P«-rvice Commission, City Hall, San Fran-
c»cr<, Cal . April 6. 6 and 7. l»O4. beginning
¦ t 10 a m. Credentials ehculd be filed with
the recretary •ome days before the exam-
lna<tcn. GEORGE G. GERE. M. D., eec-
rt-tar;.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Sierra Railway Company of California
will r* held at the offices of the company.
No. £23 Crocker building. City and County
cf Ean Franciaco. State of California, on
MONDAY, the Sth day of February. 1Sh«4. at
the hcur of 11 o'clock a. n>.. for the purpose
cf cRctir.g directors for the ensuing year
• nfl the transaction of such other business as
rrey ccme before eald meeting. Dated at
fan Francisco, Cal.. January 23. 1904. S.
I> FRESHMAN. Secretary.
Tbt- above meetlnr adjourned until April
11th. 19O4. at 11 o'clock a. m.
Feb 8. 1904. 6. D. FRESHMAN. Sec'y.
KOT1CE of stockholders* meeting or the United
Crude Oil Company (a corporation) — A stock-
holders' meeting will be held at the corc-
lany's office, room 4*8 Parrott building. San
Fmncifco. Cal.. on WEDNESDAY. April IS.
3904. »t 12 o'clock noon, for the purpose of
electing a b^ar<J of director* to serve for the
.enduing year and for the transaction of such
ether buelnesF as may be properly brought
before the above meeting.
L. WOODBURY Secretary.
A WFEK'S news fcr 5 cents— The 'Weekly Call.
IB i-Jit'T. In wrapf-r. for me < ling, tl m v»«r.
AGK>TS WASTED.
CANVASSERS -Ladle* or gentlemen of rood
• <Mre»s and appearan-e, in the. city or coun-
try: an easy seiirr: good Income to right
people. Factory. 3316 Twenty-necond et.
WIDE awake agent*. lai)le» or gentlemen:
good commission. Ktarr King bldg., r. 227.
LOOK — Agents $40 to £*0 per mo; expenses or
coiriTB.; no <-atch; sure thing. Box 1073 Call.
A»-XBTIS£rMEWT JWlSXTttra^
HAVING recently acquired through exchang*
cf property three $40 — holarffhjpe in the best
* Ccllefe cf Advertl*lnr In the United 6tates.
1 » til »e!l t^em at 26 per cent dlsrxnjrit for
csth: tha cojlece teaches advertising writ-
Ing by correspondence and u«ike it* grad-
i!*te» to M'ure positions;, catal^ru'a fur-
nlihe^ en at'pMr^tlcn. Address box 3020. Cail.
ATTOBXEVS-AT-IiAW. ;
A FRIVATE. quick divorce for a rmall fee.
6*e tr.e and rave money; no pay In advance.
O. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
EfUbllshed 22 yrt.: rms. 1. 2. S. 4 _ 5. 1st a.
1122 Market *t., between Mason and Taylcr.
Atfvice free all matters. Detective* employed.
B. ¦—.'.' KINO. Attorney -at-I_w. Exam. bldg..
fith . floor. . entrance room «11; erta bitched 20
year*: all case*, general court and office prac-
tice; no fee in advance or for. consults tion; '
evenings by appointment. TpI. Red. 30C1.
DIVORCE" ?I2: quick : .<julet:sdvlce free: Law
end Collection office. 1023 Market »t.. room
2. bet.- 6th and 7th;. off Ice hours 11 to 4:30.
IJIVOTiOE 'aw a *pecla!ty: no publicity; advice
fr»e; cwti J12. Address B.A.S., P.O. box il!»9.
DIVORCE— Costs. , 112; quick, quiet: aJvlc*
free; open evenings.- 027. Market at., rm. 301.
_. 5. CLARK. 927 Market at.: consultation
fr»«: no fe*« lr advance: open evenlnrs. '
ALTOWOUILKS.
WTLL*p»» a reai<orable price for a Jtecend-
h»n<l eutpmofcile: mtT*t. bn In firit-claw run--
nlrig '-order.' 'AcMrer* *>or' 404S. " CaTI ' Cffice
c^ircTiojc_omcrs. _^
HAD truant- rj.ctrd for ft: cotUcttoa* made;
ritjr or. country. Pacific Collertton *>».'. 41ft
•loritr'merv mnr;* o.ift- tel Main .MW.'
2 ¦..'"..'* OTYAGK* TO LET. " '.-.,^
COTt.' and ' Cumberland." near" 2Otb —
Cail for demonstration 'Tel; Jessie -3WKI.
BUSINESS .CHANCES — Contlnned.
A. CAMERON & CO. .... .Phone South 1050.
3 Eddj/ st.. ccr.- Market and Powell.
Htadqusrters for all kinds o' business chances.
, ; ' ; . . . " ' : ' - -
— _ ¦ . — ;
Oyster and cho:> houses $350 to $10<X)
Candy asd icecream parlors $2<K) to $2500
! Barber shop $5<X) to $2500
Cijtar stands $350 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloons . .$300 to $10,000
Restaurants . $350 to $20,000
Fruit and- vegetable stores $30O to $1000
Drug stores '. . . . $S>00 to $*»00
Delicatessen stores . : $250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards. $250 to $1000
A FIRST-CLASS opportunity for druggist or
doctor: fine location for drug store; good fix-
tures, counters and showcase; rent only $Co:
business already established; with 6 rooms
snd bath In rear: elegantly - furnished
throughout: . everything complete for house-
keeping of the best quality; price $1800.
CAMERON _ CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR «ale or trade — Quartz mines; fine prospect;
located in Cal.: assays $40 to 570 ton; trade
for rmg-house or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort; fine
groves: 30-room hotel; all furnished ( and
equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease; raise own hay, vegetables; all
kinds fruit; rent $500 per year; equity, in
this $2500: death in family cause of sale.
CAMERON _ CO. '
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants In city;
cheap rent: receipts $75 to $100 day; will
b**r investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
_ CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale— Ladles' furnishing »nd fancy goods
buslnees; cheap rent; well located; estab-
lished 12 years; will Invoice $8000; sickness.
CAMERON _ CO. '
FOR sale — Half Interest in good paying, swell
llltle restaurant: obliged /to leave city; a
snap at $275. CAMERON — CO.
$400— A GOOD paying stationer)' and notion
business; must be sold at once. Call Branch,
639 McAllister st.
CIGAR store and billiard hall for eale cheap.
155 Seventh st.
WANTED — A grocery and bar; state location, ,
etc Box 4022. Call office. •
FOR* sale — Oakland planing mill: good loca-
tion. 752 Franklin St.. Oakland. ;
FOR Rale — Th« Perfume Palace, 776 Market st.
FOK sale — Half Interest In wood, coal, hay
and grain business; bargain. Box 4212. Call.
SALOON on Market st.: lease; bargain; $1300.
J. E. TETLOW. 850 Market St., room 14.
ClTr real estate worth $2000 to exchange for
paying business. Box 1137, Call office.
$250— BRANCH bakery and restaurant; rent
$25; water free. 414 Jones st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages, tn wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
LODGIXG-EIOUSISS FOK SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bulldins. over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black 3607. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every salt.
CLEAN: 10 rooms; 8 furnished; rent $40; In-
come $70; price $300; sunny side of street;
near Van Ness ave.
; See MARION GRIFFIN.]
HIGH-CLASS transient: 24 rooms; splendidly
furnished and centrally located; rightly man-
aged will clear 5200 month. See
MARION GRIFFIN.]
MODERN arartment-house; 177 looms; ele-
gantly furnished; steam heat; electric ele-
vator; lease; clears $650 month. • MARION
GRIFFIN sole arent.
ULTRA fashionable private boarding-house; 20
rooms; most expensively furnished; large
grounds; clears $154 monthly.
See MARION GRIFFIN.
ONLY $60 rent; 20 rooms for $1200; 1-3 down
and little monthly installments; rent $80.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 400, Examiner bid.
TWO 40- room houses, one north, one south:
each clear* $1C2 per month; offer wanted
Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
MOST luxuriously furnished apartment-house
in this city, barring none; velvet car-
pets, elegant birdstye maple furniture.
Oriental hangings; grand sunny cor-
ner; lease; 37 rooms; easy terms.
MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW and modern house of 50 rooms; 8-year
lease; electric elevator; hot and cold
water; brass beds; fine carpets; oak
furniture; hieh-class business.
Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
LANDLADY, you would only care for the
wide, sunny halls in this 33-room
house: all 3-room suites, newly fur-
nished; price only $1500. It's a fcar-
caln. See MARION GRIFFIN.
ASK MARION GRIFFIN
For "permit to inspect" the 53-room house,
reduced to $4000; newly painted; well fur-
nished; 27 bay-windows; 5-year lease; quiet;
respectable; terms half cash; clears exactly
$170 monthly.
HOTEL FOR ARISTOCRATIC FAMILIKS;
very select: well-established ; richly fur-
nished: splendid corner; over 100 rooms: ab-
solutely clears $C000 yearly; see my only
erent :
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406, Examiner bid.
INCOME $305 over rent; an 85-room corner
house; nicely furnished In January. 1904: all
men roomers; low rent: long lease; J2000
first payment, balance as you make It.
MARION GRIFFIN, r, 406 Examiner bid.
TRANSIENT house* for sale by M, GRIFFIN
8 r.; new fur.; rent $30; $100 down; $400
23 r.: 1 block n. of Market: owner sick;
make offpr.
24 r.; 1 block «. of Market; easy terms. *
45 r.; central; 5- year lease; clears $300 mo.
21 r.; very richly furnished : a mint.
14 r.; near Union Square; a One house.
PARTLY FURNISHED.
12 rooms; NE. corner, north of Market; rent
$40; fine location; 9 rooms nicely furnished
and 3 unfurnished; price cut to $500; half
cash.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 408. Examiner bid.
NOW IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY
<U you profit by It at once) to purchase the
finest 100-room apartment-hcuse In San
Francisco: the- price is nominal for such a
house: exceptionally well located: beautifully
furnished throughout; long lease at $5 per
room; th» very be*t bargain, which we shall
prov« to you If you will Investigate.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 40«. lOamlner bid.
CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.. ' /' A
Phone Black «$>0I. 777*4 Market street.
' Bank, rrferences.
Any house sold on easy terms.
Buyer*' guide: bring this nd with you.
Some of our special. bargains, i
READ carefully
Special— If you want to-make big money and
are not- av*ne to running a- transient house
with liquor llcsnse. then Investigate this at
once: It will pay. you; we have for sale t*»-
room transient hou^e, ll<juor license fokl es-
tablished). 2 cntranc-cs. swell loc: heavy oak
furniture and hair mattrti>scs. i._u at once,
s»e It snd make offer to my exclusive -gent*
CAL. INVESTMENT CO.. 777 '.£, Market 91.
APARTMENT house*40 rooms; hew and beau-
tifully furnished; leans: low rent; price $4000,
half cash; don't wait; it will so. .CAL.I-
. FORNIA INVESTMENT CO.. 77714 Market.
APARTMENT house, 110 rooms, • new and ex-
quisitely furnlxhcd: grand spacious halls,
most select patronage; terms V, cash bal-
ance 6 per ct-nt Interest: this will plea~» the
most rastldioun. Particulars with CALI-
FORNIA INVESTMENT CO., 777»4 Market.
EXCHANGE— 55-room transient -house, old es-
tablished; It's get the money; value $4500;
will trade smaller house. CAL. INVEST. CO.
36 ROOMS on 1 floor. -nicely furnished, newly
painted; :clcnrs' $125: nice loc. ; rent $110-
price $1600. CAL. INVESTMENT- CO. --.-.-A
APARTMENT hnupe 40 room*: grandest of Its
size In city; wide, beautiful halls, mm hie.
entrance: exquisitely finished; : prloe $5500
Exclusively with CAL. INVESTMENT' CO.
MITCHELL & CO. . . . :..... Phone Jessie .2051
-¦' -. 1206 Market, et.. opposite Sixth.
»' 16rooRis;-i>FXt, sunny, two-floor house: rent
«4O: t#H or exchange; price $050.
C5.rms. : downtown house; steady: transient;
clearing $350 monthly; handsomely ; furnished.
. 20 rms.;. choice. corner ,-roominir-Iioune; unex-
celled .'for ...transient aa-.wel!" as 6teady roomers.
I 25 rooms; welI-Rpnointed>hous5kf«plngr suites;
landlady niKKt . fpII; make- offer. ¦ - i ,. .
•\ MITCHELL & CO.. 1200 Market ; st.'. •
100 UOOIIS; tunny corner: rent $]25....?4!SOO
112 roo:ui«;- cl'ara $350; low rent..... ...$4500
f"} rooms:- furniture nc-arly new.'. ; rr.r. .: $3800
16. rooms; fine location.' north 'of Market. $rtO0
40 room*; -In Oakland; ncw^rent.JOO. ..$2500
12 rooms : - >,4 ca6h ; - cheap rent .... : .' . . . .$600
. M6n«?y" to - loan ( on furniture.- ¦ EITEL ;_
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st; . U
TEN- ROOM -house; nice -family home; account
sickness. « Address box 1113, Call < offlc%* •
v_j v_J v^ 1—/, Iv C L I r\ D 1__ C, fearADLC _~1 ±Z L r^
MAY BE HAD FOR
THE ASKING
EHPLOYMEJST WAITED — FEMALE.
STRONG youc* woman. — i*be» to do any kind
- of -washing at her home. Address MRS. L..
R12B Jessie st., rear. ¦ '.
TOl^NG lady, experienced stenographer, with
kr.owleCgeof -iKCickeeplKg,' desires a positioo
8.B office- _jsl»tant. Box 4188. Call office. ¦
COMPETENT youag lady wishes situation to
do second work. Address box 4228. Call. •
POSITION as chaicber maid. Box 4243 Call
offico. . • - - ' . ¦
G1KL wishes to assist with light housework.
.Address bcx 4237. Call office. -.¦..-•
YOUNG lady wants situation to do second
work. ' Address box 4C25. Call, of flee.
POSITION a» cb—nberraaid; city.. Box 11C6.
Call office. ' - -
REFINED woman wishes work as dishwasher.
Addrem box 1127. Call office.
LADY takes washing home; open air dry.
Phone Fell 1041.
EXPERIENCED confinement narse wishe* en-
1 gagements. . 953 Foleom st, room 2.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch of&ce. cor. Duncan A Church iU.
WANT ads and subecriDtlons taken for. The
Call at Eatcn's Bazaar. e33 McAlllBter at.
EMPLOYMENT WAKTCD—XALB.
— ¦ — -
TO drive and care for automobile, prlvat*
I family; ccuntry preferred; slr.gle, aober; not
! afraid of work; best refs. Box 1102. Call.
MAN, 35, want* work any part 5 days week;
steady. 1007^ Folsom st.
WANTED— A man with over 20 year»' «x-
perieuc« In logging, railroad cocstructlon
and timber estimating would like a position
as traveling agent to look up timber . land or
take charge of extensive lo^gisg operations;
references. Address C, box 1187. Call office.
CARETAKERS — Man and wife (man employed
during day) wlih place as caretakers; highly
recommended. Address Caretakers, box 422o.
Call office. A
ANY kind of clerical work wanted by a young
man of 26; 5 years of very best office train-
' ir.fc ; capable of assuming management of of-
fice: best of bank references. Box 1034. Call.
EXPKRDINCZD yo_uc man desires employ-
- ment as shlcoer or other position of trust
in wholesale or manufacturing house; best
reference*. Address box 1170, Call of flee.
A YOUNG Swedish married man wishes posi-
tion In wholesale liquor store or any other
wholesale store; honest, steady, sober; best
of reference, pbx 1CS9, Call office.
ANY honest position wanted by reliable sin-
gle man of good habits and appearance. 31,
not using liquor or tobacco; city or country.
Box 1042, Call office.
SITUATION or employment wanted by ex-
pert draughtsman and patent specification
writer. Address R. M.. 624 E. Eighteenth
St.. Oakland. Cal.
WOULD like situation as accompanist; can
fill engagements for recital.' BAIRD HAM-
LIN, pianist ar.d accompanist. 473 Eddy st..
Ean Francisco. " - .
BUTCHER, cutter, sausage-maker, slaughter-
man, and can cure meats, wants position In
mining town: best of references. Box 44,
1008 Market st. -
GERMAN, 38 1 years old, experienced grocery
clerk, wants work as atorekeeper, buyer or
counter clerk; city references. Address box
1111, Call office.
A YOUNG man. talks English. French. Ital-
lan, Spanish, plays piano, can attend to bar,
wishes a resit ion: country preferred. Apply
Arcade, 501 Mason st.
WANTED — By a well recommended; young
roan; position as engineer or laundryman In
institution or hotel; city or country; several
years' experience..' Box 4217, Call.
AN experienced ! lawyer, bookkeeper, corra-
Epcndent, business manager, etc.. will ac-
cept position "on 'small salary with corpora-
tion. Box 4003, Call efflce.
TCi'XG man, recently from the East, would
like. a. situation; has had good experience In
dry goods business. Box 1040, Call office.
GARDENER and florist, thoroughly competent,
' single, wishes a situation on a private place
cr institution; references. Box 1062, Call.
YOUNG man wants position In store or office;
is good penman and well educated. Address
box 4222, Call office.
COOK, first class, wants a position In summer
resort or country hotel; ncn-unlon man. Ad-
dress S. B. S.. box 1101. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes some kind of clerical
work afternoons; am employed mornings. Box
4236. Call office.
WANTED — Position aa stock clerk or ! porter
by -willing young man; experienced. Box
1103. Call office.
POSITION by steady man In wlna or liquor
house; city or country; references. Box 1110,
Call office. .
BARBER— First-class Eastern, steady and
sober, wants first-class position. Address
BARBER, box 1030, Call office.
EXPERIENCED gardener wants situation In
Oakland or San Francisco: best references.
P. O. . box 66, Fruitvale, Alameda Co.'
JAPANESE couple want' position; man aa
cook; wife for general housework. U.
FUJII. 539 Stevenson st. .
JAPANESE stronir man wants a position to
do cooking and general housework. O.
AKI, 1 303 H Castro st.
YOUNG man of thorough • business ability de-
slres employment evenlnga. Box 4230, Call.
ERRAND boy wants work. Box 4227, Call
efflce. ¦ - ¦ '
YOUNG man. age 24, wishes position as driver
of delivery wagon. Box 4223, Call office.
POSITION as teamster; country preferred. Box
1104. Call office. - ' .. .
POSITION to travel for wholesale house. Box
1105. Call office. -' . ¦¦ .
EXPERIENCED young valet desires position;
best of references. D. P. F., 112 Taylor st.
WANTED — Position by palmist, either a»
. teacher or will leave city. Box. 1115. Call.
EXPERIENCED elevator operator wants po-
sltlon. Box 1145. Call office. ____•
JAPANESE wants place In morning from 8 to
9:30; any kind. Ad. T. H.. 4 Carlos place..
WANTED — Work by man in private family.
Address BENNY ROSENBERG, 408 Fifth.
BARBER i wants Job In small country town.
, Address Barber. : box 4218. Call office.
BOY wants work In wholesale house; city or
country. Box. 4243. Call office. ..-'
HOTEL clerk or bartender; young, steady, so-
ber; 6 years' experience. Box 40, 1008 Market.
MAN would like - situation as solicitor. Ad-
dress box A. Call branch. 1941 Mission st.
COMPETENT Chinese wishes position as cook
in boarding house. 1110 Stockton st. ¦
HONEST Japanese wants • place ; Is firs t-cla m
cook. • 919 Webster st., , Oakland. . • t
GOOD Japanese boy wants position as «chool-
boy; Speaks English well. CONDO. 1329 Pine.
FEATHER RESOVATISU.
BY new, healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather '
Co.. 325 Van Ness, ave.: tel. Howard 3167.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All deferable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department: over 1000
'. in number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to and a
. place; we never fall; service- free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO.
' 1039 MARKET 8T..
. -;, - ;•'¦• : OPPOSITE McALJLJSTBR.
A— HOUSES 'and flats to let; an immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
, this department; It will save you time and
trouble. •• Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
St.. on- the square. . - : •?":-.-
NOB* . 155A, , near . 15th — Large, new, . sunny,
; middle • flat; "refined, respectable- family : de-
pired; adults. . ¦ - : ¦ . >^ .^
GEARY; 944-^Flat of 5 rooms; rent $16; walk-
, -ing. distance; furniture -for sale.;$60. .'
TWENTY-SECOND. V S554." ' near. > Dolores— 5
C- rooms and bath; double parlors;; rent $15. . ,
?2O-6t SUNNY .rooms,'- bath and' tubs..-- 174
Thirteenth st.; ' near.Ho-ward.*- *;^£_5!3@~_Si
HAYES, .957 — Nice basement flat; 3 to 5 rooms;
servlce;:a snap; serf It to-day.
CARL.?212. near'Stanya~D,-.l' block 'from -park—
w 6 rooms and bath: renf$25.: ¦ ¦ ¦! '¦ t ¦;-.-¦ . '
LEAVEN WORTH. 2116— Marine view; 5 rooms
- :'.. • and'' bath ; ' doublei parlors ; - rent . reasonable. ', '
FLAT of -. three ¦ rooms ; ' rent ' $12. Inquire J 225
Fulton>st.- V-".-.^.---'''-.'.' /
FILLMORE, . 1124— Flat »7 ilarge,', light, r sunny
1 *' «coms,"bath;' rent 'reasonable; modern.-.'; 'THE SAN . FRANCISCO CAIX^MONDAY, APRIL i, 190*:
9
rooms for nocsEmBEwaq."'
A NUMBER of very desirable sunny apart-
ments, 3 and 4 rooma each, with bath, toilet,
elevator, etc : unfurnished or furnished to
order; new house. The St. Charley U6O
. Sacramento st., near Larkl—. ; .- •
EDDY. 833— Four furnished or n_ t urn_O e_
. rooms; private residence; _ m location; adits.
EIGHTEENTH. 34«2. near Valencia— 2 neatly
furnished rooms; housekeeping. •-
PLLIS, 310 — 3 elegantly furnished rooms, snlt-
able for physician's office or light housekpK.
ELLIS. 611 — Two nicely furnished connecting
rooms, one alcove room; light housekeeping;
running water, bath and pho_s. ! "
ELLIS, 685 — Well furnished bay-window al-
cave room; running water, .gas, range; %2x>.
EIXIIN PARK. 56— 3 sunny unfurnished rooms,
new and modern, for man and wife: key 76.
FOURTH. 32$— Corner room and kitchen; com-
plete for housekeeping. Call bet. 1 and 4. • '
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 4.39—3 furnished
rooms for housekeeping; gas; bath..
GUERRERO, 930. bet. 2_U and 223—3 fur^
nifhed rooms for housekeeping: no children.
JESSIE. 323— Large sunny front parlor, fur-
nished housekeeping, gas range, %\i month.
KEARNY. 104— Sunny frost suite; 111; un-
furnished ; adults.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Plae—
I Sunny, furnished 3- room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths: rate S30 up.
LARKIN. 817*4— Nicely furnished sunny front
room; folding bed, gas stove: reasonable.
MARKET. 15(r.». opp. Van Ness — Three unfur-
nished rooms for housekeeping: $1$.
MASON. 417 — Furnished apartments for house-
keeping, single or en suite. w ¦ ' ••
McALLISTER, Sri*— Large sunny parlor; gas
rancc; hot bath; laundry; 912; others $7;
adults.
MODEL House. f206 Stockton — New. fumlsh*-!
single, double hsekpg. rra».; gas. bath;f5-$12.
OAK. 117 — Sunny rooms: gas range; hot bath;.
laundry: adults; |1 25 to $2 23 week.
OAK. 352— Three newly furnished tunoy
room?, also basement room; $5-
POLK. 1401 — Sunny furnished rooms: single ot
housekeeping; ga« range, bath: with or with-
out board; rent reasonable.
POLK, 612— Bedroom, small kitchen, gas stove.
baths; $14; no children. " '
POST. 9S1 — I^>wer floor of 2 or 3 rooms: com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping; no chil-
dren- ..
TAYLOR. 911—2 furnished attic rooms. *a»
range. $11; -single room. ga» range. |1 50.
TWENTY-SIXTH. *«67, near Mission car*—
$12; -front sunny housekeeping rooms.
VALENCIA. S_ J — Two or five sunny furnished
- housekeeping rooms; bath, electric light and
running water.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions r«ceiT*<S at
Call branch of nee, cor. Duncan and Chnrch ita.
A BRANCH offlc of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscrlDtions has beea
opened at 1008 M— rkat St.. opposite Ft!th.
Open until il n m.
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS WAJfTCT. ;
YOUNG couple want housekeeping room, not
over |10; private family. Bo_ 1033. Call.
APAST-E8T HOPS-- > '
A ST. HILAIRE APARTMENTS . «
. — LAGUNA ST.. NEAR GEARY— «
Will be ready for occupation In a few
' days Everythlns new. Make your
reservations now. Elegantly furnished
apartments with private bath — 3. 3 and
4 rooms; steam heat; eleetric light; ele-
vator; private phones;- rates reasonable.
¦ - _: «
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be finished _ larch 15.
IC&f SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny: 2-3-4 rooms anj
bath each; all nnfurnlshed; $27 50 to $40.
Make reservations now. ' '
ST. CECIL!*.- 113 Fell, above Van. Ness — Ths
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. -3-rootrj
.¦ ; apartment*; private baths, steam beat, elec-
tric lights, elevator, gas ranges; f3O to *S5.
ST'.~ — -OUIS." 1 575 Jackson st. — Modera 3-4-5
rooms; also single: furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; references. Phone East 1350.
APABTM3BNT FOB 8AUB.
APARTMENT .house: centrally located and
' beautifully furnished throughout: every mod-
" erri convenience. 31 3- room apartments #th*
hath: cleats over $J5O per month. Box ICO".
Call of flee.-
STIERLIN. 9j7 Hayes st. — I rooms, bath;
swell; $.TJ 50: unfurnished; finest in-city.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnni. «nd Pntiirn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
houEe, new furniture; every room' ouUide:
modern and sunny: prices from il 60 per
. week up;' this Is th» only up-to-date house la
this vlelnlty; flrst-clasa grill attached. .
A— BRUNSWICK House. US Sixth st. — Room*
' 2&c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." *73 Market st. (or No. t
Fifth jt.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
|1 50 to flO week; house open all night.
BUENA VISTA ave.. 1502. Grand Bt-— 3 tarn*
connecting rooms, unfurnished; gas;. $12 SO.
BURNETT. 1428 Market <oid No. 1364) — Fur^
• nU'ned rooma suite, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 126S. near Leavenwor'th—^
Large sunny front room; suitable 1 or 2.
CAFP. 533— Nicely furnished front parlor;
warm belt. . ¦ '
CASTRO. ¦ai ( »— Rooma to let. '
CHURCH. 132— Nice furnished room **lth or
without board: private family.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason—Elegantly
furnished sunny rocms; prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS «The). 619 Post. nr. Taylor— Just
opened; desirably located: sunny. <\nx\e roam*
and suites, with private baths., hot and roll
water, steam heat, electric light*, phone evaiy
rocm; elevator. Phcne East 1317 If desired.
ELLIS. 611— Nicely furnished sunny suite; also
slngle; suitable two ladles or gentlemen.
ELWOOD. 6. off O'Farreli. near Mason-^-Sln-
gle front - room ¦ for man; fft monthly.
FEDERAL. 76— One .furnished room. •
FOR single gentleman, tn private home (no
ether' roomers), a larje. sunny. furnl»he<1
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 Mocks from panhandle.
Addrena box 2624. Call offle». . '
FULTON. 10— Furnished rooms. * .
GOLDEN GATE ave;. 840— Room to letl
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms .".."»>
to $1 25 night: $1 CO to.$« wk. ; readtng-room.
GRANT ave.. 7 — Nicely furnished sunny suits;
. ajso single rocms: one or two; $2 up.
1 GUERRERO. 212— Nicely furnished front room.
, with or without board; bath and gas grate..
JESSIE," 530 — Furnished room. - '
| — — — ¦ — ' .
KISSLING. 27— Furnished room, to let. '
LAGUNA. 17C2 — FumUhed rooms.
LEAVENWORTH. 2101— Furnished rooms.
LEXINGTON ave.. 162U- Furnished ¦ rooms.
MARKET* 1344, opp. Seventh — 3, front con-
necting furnished sunny rooms on fir? t floor;
suitable for offices; rent cheap; private fan)'*
• ".Hy: central. . ,
MoALLlSTER. 412. fiat 6 — Sunny front rooms;
bay windows. •¦¦ * *
OAK. 224— Furnished rooms.
¦ — : '¦
O'FARRELL. 776, near Larkin— Sunny, n«wr
.furnished . room: $10. «fHfc— E9_ W£3k ft_ Ka 8— ) — _
'_ ,
POST : 880 * near. Hyde— Large front roYn_he<i
room: bath., gas. runnlrsr water: 1 or 2 g?nt».
POWELL, 1014 — To let. three neatly furnish**
. rooms. . ."''¦;' ¦'-¦-.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis — Incandescent Ilghta,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' .par- '
"lor: rooms per night, 35a' to $1 50; we«k. $2
•to $8: rnontb. $8 to $30: elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
STOCKTON, 41 and 45— Nicely furnished "sunny
front su!t*s: also single rooms for gentlemen, ¦
.11.60. f 2 50 - $$ week. Phone, Black 3211.
Continued on Page Tea.
. WKT,P \V*VTKn_.H«»,r r-rt«ti--»«».
cf fraternal organizations to put a union
trade eign (similar to a tamale) on them;)
FORCE MEN TO BECOME IDLE;
15OYCOTT EVERYBODY' WHO WILL NOT
JOIN THEM:
Refuse men to join their unions who pleaded
¦•wth money in hand to pay initiation fee — on
a pretext. We have many members out of
employment, yet refused them the right to
work at the'r craft or trade unless they be-
longed to them: corrpetent to do the work,
YET THE AGITATORS TURNED THEM
DOWN.
MURDER IS BAD. TO STARVE A MAN IS
WORSE.
FORCE CAPITAL OUT OF STATE AND
COUNTRY:
REF-USF. TO ALLOW A MAN TO TAKK A
PARTNER INTO HIS BUSINESS— UNLESS
they say bo.
Force milkmen to Hrjke; cows, unable to
milk tht mselves. suffer untold torture.
Force milk wagon drivers to strike, so the
new born babe lies at side of mother, no
milk in her breast to feed ber offspring with,
can get no milk from the cow — the NEW
BORN BABE CAN DIE OF STARVATION.
Turns a once honeet, hard working man into
HOBO (no workman loses ambition);
PTOPS EDUCATION:
STOPS CULTIVATION AND POPULATION
OF STATE AND COUNTRY;
FORCE MEN WHO FOR YEARS EM-
PLOYED AND HKLO PEACEFUL RELA-
TIONS WITH his employe to fight him;
FORCE MEN WORTH *5. $6 and $7 DAY
- to stand on fine level with man worth only
S2 day.
FORCE MEN TO SUBSCRIBE part of their
earnings (which belong to wife and child)
to help defy laws of country —
THEN THEY ARE WRONG!
WRONG! WRONG!
Then unionism becomes worse than socialism,
EQUAL TO ANARCHISM. -
THEY' DEFY THEIR GOD
AND BECOME
TRAITORS TO THEIR COUNTRY!
Let the CHURCH, irrespective of TREED,
let — le good women's clubo of this country.
TEA, LET EVERY' MOTHER.
From this day on. declare themselves openly,
BEFORF. GOD AND MAN,
Their determination to fiamp out, once and
forever, the .
J.ABOR DEMAGOGUE.
AGITATOR and WALKING DELEGATE.
Then and not until then will our church,
your home, be eafe. Your children will learn
a trade — not in a State Prison, but In rhopb
in the city or town you reside, taking home
to his mother his week's salary, which will
make him a better boy, youth and a m'ia
among men.
MURRAY & READY
TESTING LABOR LAW IN SUPREME
COURT.
We ar? tcstin_ a most ridiculous law
passed by lact L egisla Ui re. Synopsis of
_me:
Should any employe of a firm, corporation
or of any employer of help strike for higher
wages or for any other cause, you, or your
agents, must tell the next applicant cause of
last man leaving you or of his dismissal.
Case is now in Supreme Court. We will
advige you from time to time of success of
nmi
Thousands of our customers wish us to
send them a full report of our Mr. H. V.
Roady'a testimony, two and a half hours.
fifty-five pages, before United R. R. of S. F.
arbitration case of U. R. R. versus Street
Carmen's Union.
We will send a copy of report to you. Con-
gressman Livernash was attorney for Street
<"armen"e Union. He knew more about the
Itbor question when be got through with our
Mr. Ready than If he had studied labor all
his life.
Juel as soon as our own printing plant can
turn out same you will receive It.
Thanking you for all past favors and
awaiting a continuance of same, very re-
spectfully yours, MURRAY' _ READY.
THE STAND WE TOOK IN ALL PAST
YEARS RELATIVE TO EMPLOYER AND
EMPLOYE WE VVILL FOLLOW THIS
YEAR. NO CHANGE.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY _ READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY' _ READY.
MURRAY _ READY'.
MURRAY _ READY.
MURRAY _ READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY _ READY.
MURRAY _ READY'.
. . MURRAY - RKADY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY* _ READY.
, MURRAY _ READY.
MURRAY & READV.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY' & READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY' & READY.
MURRAY _ READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY _ READY*.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY*.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY _ READY".
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY* & READY.
MURRAY _ READY.
WANTED for U. B. army; able-bodied un-
married men. between ares of 21 and 35;
citizens of the United States, of good charac-
ter and temnerate habits, who can epeak,
read and write English. For Information
apply to Recruiting Officer. Rlalto building-.
New Montgomery st.. San Francisco, or 1029
Second st,, Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — Experienced dress roods man to
go to Sacramento. Anoly between 0 and 11
a. m. »t HALE BROS."
"WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
crockery packer. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.' "
WANTED — Stenographer; young man familiar
with bookkeeping and stenography; witling
to make himself generally upeful; wages
small to start: good chance for advancement.
Address Box 1061. Call office.
WANTED — Experienced insurance nolldtors In
each town in California by new life associa-
tion: exclusive territory for those who start
now; big money now and in future. Address
Secretary. P. O. box 487, Los Angeles. Cal.
WANTED — Stenographer familiar with general
Insurance brokerage business. Address box
1146. Call office, giving references, stating
previous experience and salary expected.
WANTED— Four architectural and electrical
draughtsmen -on a long Job. Apply to
Telephone Company, Engineering Depart-
ment, 21S Bush tt.
WANTED— An experienced proofreader on book
and job work; one who has some knowledge
of Job printing preferred. Apply SANBOltN.
VAIL _ CO.. 741 Market Bt.
Vul'NG men of IS or over to join a military
organization. Apply, with references, g,
EZANIT, 473 VtV-ncla St., bet. 6 and S> p. in.
no expenses.
WANTED— Laborer* and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, hac
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third »t.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
BARBER shop for sale, cheap; fine business;
fine location; party leaving the city. 041
Commercial st.
WANTED — Machinists, molder*. blacksmiths,
teams tera and woodworkers to stay away
from * tuck ton: strike. P. F. Labor Council.
TRY our men's tltoe.?. union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form *hoes at $2 &0; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d eu. Exam. bid.
RELIABLE, capable young man for real estate
business. Box 1041, Call office.
SAILORS and green hands for steam whalers,
f-hitig and trading. Mi Davis st.
A FIRST-CLASS tailor. 25 Stockton *t.
STEADY, trust worthy man as partner in well-
Iiaying cash business ; $22. 1. 310 Folsom st.
BARBERS — Shop to let; furnished complete.
330 Main «t. ¦ ,
COATMAKER6 and pantsmakers for country.
Apply RE1SS BROS. - CO.. 21 Sutter st.
YOUNG men— Sallon wanted for ships.
HALLBERG. 617 Jackson »L
MAN to do janitor work for tuition in - S. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard st. rv
YOUNG mrn. sailors blacksmiths, carpenters,
green hands, for chips. Herman's, 27 Steuart.
Pension Atty..' E. A. Bullls, r. 40, Phelan btdg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 41 Third st., near Mar-
ket too room*; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to aqd from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, «ubscriptlon» received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan - Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The' Call for the reception
of advertisement* and subscriptions has been
opened at 1O0S Market et.. opposite Fifth.
Open untlr 11 P. P>." ¦ ¦ h ' ,- -
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. &«3 Mission tt.. bet. 1 st and 2d «ti.
GET vour shoes half-soled while waiting: 23c
to M>e. 063 Mission «U. bet. lit and 2d st*.
rfif«.i.V— __;¦—_& ft_i\7 ¦ "*.. .' _¦_ T_ _i •- '. s >i>i'_^i_1 _WKift_— _'_(*_Pij.— li f__Mj_S
\E\,V WASTED MALE Co_tl_»>«.
MURRAY _ READY.
MLIUiAY _ hKAUT.
.VL'KlLAV _ K-A_Y.
MUKKAY _ U-ADY.
MUliHAV _ UliAUY.
-ML'KRAV* _ M-AUY.
ML'KJIAY' _ lUSADY.
MUltRA-Y _ READY'.
MUKKAV _ HEADY.
MURttAY' _ RKADY.
MURRAY' _ READY.
MURRAY' _ I-ADY.
MURRAY' _ READY'.
MURRAY' & READY.
MUKRAY* _ REA.DY'.
MURRAY _ IiEADY.
MURRAY _ READY.
MURRAY _ READY.
MURRAY _ READY.
MURRAY' _ RKADY.
MURRAY' _ READY.
MURRAY _ READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY &. READY.
MURRAY Si READY.
MURRAY' _ READV.
MURRAY' _ READY.
MURRAY _ READY.
MURRAY _ READY.
MURRAY & READY".
MURRAY & .-READY.
MURRAY _ READY.
MURRAY _ READY.
MURRAY _ READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY -READY.
MURRAY _ READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY'.
MURRAY" _ READY.
MURRAY _ READY.
-TURRAT _ READY. 634 and CS6 Clay it.
PHONE MAIN 684S.
5-18 PHONE.
Leading Emnloyment end Ltbor Agents.
„_, TO EVERY EMPLOYER OF
tTHTTE MALE II__P— We can sur-rlr you
With white m_l# help of ail kinds
Free of charge.
No Brodic— te too larc*. no firm too small
for us to supply; no objection t» <3ie tance;
%e ebl» _ood help: rhone. telegr-ph. write
w caJl in person and procure your help from
MURRAY _ READY.
»e t»v* employment
Tn 1S97 to ucward of 17.000 men.
In JKas to upward of 19.OO0 men.
In 1S99 to upward of 21.000 men.
In J»00 to upward of 3«,f»ft0 men.
In 1801 to ui>__rd of 57.000 men.
In 19O2 to upward of 45.000 men. -
Hf 1903 TO UPWARD OF 60.000 MEN.
Office ot>en 7 a. nj. daily.
Sunday. $ to 12 a. m.
Help wanting trork — hundreds of places
• waiting your selection. Come, real our
bulletin boards.
Word* are good, but only so when backed
by deeds.
TO OUR PATRONS t
We respectfully wish to call your special
attention to the preeent condition of the labor
market.
Every branch of labor, skilled or unskilled,
. If overstocked and will remain ao all through
this winter, and gi the supply and demand
sovtrns _ !1 commodities, the fame always
_ov«rns the labor market.
We were confronted early last spring with
• prest scarcity of good, in fact, any cl— at
of labor, skilled or unskilled.
The great demand for help had a tendency
to make labor stubborn. co_seo,u?nUy we
were unable to cive our patrons such excel-
lent fcervice as we have in former years.
MURRAY & READY
RETURN THANKS.
We are much indebted to all employers
who thorf>U£hly understood the labor market
end helped us to share somewhat the burden
i >;; upon ue.
GOLD CANNOT BUY HONOR.
The burden was not confined alone to the
laiKir market. Our entire buclne^s wa6 at-
tacked by unscrupulous labor agitators and
demagogues, who demanded that we ehould
»w.t eupply certain employers with any help.
"What ran we offer you." asked theee ag!-
:.--..:.-. "financially or otherwise, to discon-
tinue supplying them with help?" Our an-
•¦il : "Gentlemen, there is nothing in this
world you or any one el*e has that would
pure-hate from us the freedom the "Consti-
tution of tht United States' has given us.
V "•• will forever eupply all employers of help
with whatever help they may so desire.
Likewise we will give to all applicants for
I>ce:Uuiis any position he is competent to
fill. . Creed, religion or politics shall never
be mentioned in our off— -e. and when voa
«ct throutrk agitating and return to honrst
work or go into business for yourselves.
<-orae to us and we will never discriminate,
bot wJ!l try to make a raan of you. A man
arnoripst men, for all are equal before God
and the law. That's all. gentlemen. Good
day."
WE BELIEVE IN
JL"STI<Ti TO ALL.
Thon they placed a boycott on our busi-
D«— h continued it for four months; but
jn_ a they found every employer of help,
'.arpe and en-.ail, rushed right lo us with
th«ir orders for help and etood as solid as«
the rocks cf Gibraltar, eeciag we doubled
our business, employing .fourteen clerks, sent
out co.eeo men — year 11KI3 — they held up
their hrnds. lock off the foolish boycott and
declared that they could not hurt • 'Murray
* - Ready."
WHO ARE TRUE FRIENDS OF LABOR?
Procure act friends in haste, nor break
the ties of friendship needlessly.
EMPLOYERS
YOU WELL REMEMBER
DAY AFTER DAY.
WK_K AFTER WEEK.
MONTH AFTER MONTH.
M_ny other Can Francisco employment
agents tried to help these labor agitators by
distributing leaflet* among the working men
reading as follows: "Notice — We do not sup-
ply any employer, firm or corporation who
B_ I a man strike on him." Advertised same
in all S. F. papers. Result: They soon
found many large and small employer* of
help had closed their business relations with
tui-h employment agents.
NEVER AGAIN WILL THESE WEAK-
KNEED EMPLOYMENT AGENTS RE-
CEJVB THK PATRONAGE OF ANY EM-
PLOYKR WHO BELIEVES ALL ARE
KCJUAL. ALL HAVE A RIGHT TO WORK
FOR A LIVING WITHOUT THK DICTA-
TION OF WALKING DELEGATES. AGI-
TATORS OR DEMAGOGUES
IT'S AN ESTABLISHED FACT THAT
No employer of help knew or knows any
moment they will bai'e trouble, as these
labor acitators make a business of making
trouble.
No, they could not hurt ui> t because you
our customers, Ftood so manfully at our
Ijack; «rd for such we are ever grateful-
hence thl* lettrr of thanks.
SPRING HAS OPENED.
SPRING HAS OPENED.
After an exceptionally unprofitable winter
' to the treat mass of skilled and unskilled la-
borer, m-e still find upward of 12,000 idle men
and bcy» in Ean Francisco.
CAUSE.
It became evident early last fall to most
employer* of labor to either close down or
<~urta il the employment of aa much labor as
they pontbly oould to remedy if possible the
_reat labor troubles which will take place in
jeer 15KM.
, ' INDISPUTABLE FACT.
At all time« the supply and demand regu-
lates and governs the labor market.
BUT NOT THE AGITATOR.
WALKING DEI.EGATE AND
UNSCRUPULOUS LEADER
OF LABOR.
He U bad. not that he was born bad, but
because he became bad very Boon thereafter.
NOW THLS YEAR. 1904.
We find him fighting for life or death.
HE MUST PASS
Away for the benefit not of the minority, but
for the mujfwlty— great majority — who are
non-union men.
AH men ire eauai before
'God and the law. No man Is
atKive the law. and no man is
liclow it. Obedience to the
taw Is demanded ¦« a right,
not asked as — favor.
This y«>ar v» will be forced Into rtrike after
strike, not a» the vote of the majority (for the
i"*fijorlty fit labor union rwn do not vote unless
<frrm:_h fear*, but by a clique under control
•if the agitator.
UNIONISM DEFINED. .
AM men hav« a right to form a union for
tfc« benefit honestly derived froir. craft cr
tttde conplpt] -\'.:h fraternal organization,
cto. l!urh laMintr cr.od c«n b* done thereby.
BUT WHEN THEY SAY
Man cunnot work beeirte them, because he
• <1<viMsi<-it Join their union. 1
KAT VT SAME HOTF.L. «_
WEAR fi AMn "CLOTHES,
CO TO KAMK CHURCH.
nHA!» FAME TJOOKS,
BKWJNO KAMK POLITICAL PARTT. i
KORCi: ONE STORE TO CLOPE fi P. M.. '
AU/1W 6ALOONS TO OPEN 24 HOURS
)>AILY', 1
IHfTATE TO EVERY EMPLOYER OP LA-
ROR
HOW HE SHAM. RHN HIS BUSINESS.
POUCK HONKST BUSINESS MEN INTO J
BANKRUPTCY, , i
Txprivp the eon of an non**t mechanic, af- "
tor he hnr received a icood education. Til— J
RIGHT TO LEARN A TRAOI3, making
ri-lmlnalK of such boy*, who eventually
l»arn trade* 1n KAN OUEVTIN PRI6ON.
. FORCE LAW'S THROfTGH LEGISLATURE j
twhkh ar* unconstitutional), city and county
municipalities;
romprl |y)tH DEMOCRATIC AND REPUB- <
UCAN PARTY NOMINEES and hundreds
HELP WAJrTKD— - MALE- — Com.
l MURRAY _ READY. 65»-636 CLAY ST.
PHONE MAIN 5848^
Leading. Employment and Labor Agents. .
r WE SPEAK
ITALIAN, GERMAN, SPANISH.
1 GREEK. FRENCH, SWISS.
I In' IIW3 we gave Durlng\ 1904 we hope
t work to 60.000 men to Increase 60,000.
J .FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
- I TO NEVADA STATE
, If you etay four months. THAT'S ALL.
I GOVERNMENT WORK
155 teamsters. $2 day.
? 155 laborers. $2 day.
155 rockmen, drillers. $2 to $3 day.
) EIGHT HOURS DAY. IRRIGATION WORK.
SI FEE— THAT'S ALL.
5 TO THE MINES.
65 machine, single and double hand, $82 50
j to f 90. • . '
ALL OVER CALIFORNIA.
i ARIZONA. CLOSE TO' PRESCOTT.
) 910 miles— ?9 10. "
655 teamsters, laborers, drillers, etc., $2 to
f3 day. ' .. ,
Dcn't be stingy with your distance. Get
) closer to lands of sunshine. CENTER OF
GREAT MINES.
ARIZONA. ARIZONA. ARIZONA,
r MECHANICAL.
• Planer and sticker hand. Oregon, $3 60 day.
Tallymen, lumber comnany, boss rrerf. $00.
MILKERS.
26 milker?, all parts of California. $30, $35,
$40 and found.
I 4 b'JttermakerB, (40 and f<">und.
12 farm and ranch hands, $25. $2ff, $30 found.
: WOODOHOPPERS.
) 125 woodchoppers, all over State.
Pcstmakers, shakemakers,. etc.
" -HOTEL DEPARTMENT
12 cooks, different places. $30 to $75 found.
, Walters, dishwasher*, bell and elevator boys.
Laundrymen. $15, S2n. MO. »4O. *5O. $R0. $70.
MrWRAV & READY.
634 and 63S Clay st:
YOUR FARE~PAID.
Milker, Round Valley. $30 and found.
' Butter and cheese maker. Round Valley, $35
' and found.
Rlack*mlth helper, machine shop, $2 SO day.
Cement finl«h»r.- little experience. $2 50 day.
MILKER AND WIFE.
No other woman on ranch, north. $50 found.
r. farmers and \v 1 vps. $40 and $50 found.
Baker and cook, country shop, $12 week.
MURRAY •_ READY.
634 and 63$ Clay st.
2 FARM HANDS, orange grove. S20 found.
Boy. grocery, city. $5'to $fi week.
Waiter, lunch counter. $35 ami found.
Pprt«r. city Institution. ?23 and found.
Gardeners.
Vegetable gardener for ranch. boss here,$.1O M.
Hardener, flowers, etc.. fare 40c, *3O found.
Young man, help iii stable city bakerv.SS wk.
Steel chippers.cast steel, hand work, $2 50 day
Painter, carriage *hop. $3 day.
Fttcker hand; DRUG CLERK. *6rt.
MURRAY _ READY. £34 and fi36 Clay st.
HE-P WAWTEP— -O_IC-TOI»8.
WANTED — Good salesman or solicitor. JIU-
TUAL INVEgTMENT CO.. 4C7 Parrott bldg.
j^onsE is *J^T^2?N*'"^
REGULAR auction sales of horses, buggies,
wagons and harness every Monday ' at 11
o'clock at 615 Ellis St.; all horses guaranteed
to be as represented. S. WATKINS. Auc-
tlnoneer. Phone Ea_t 743.
AUCTION sale of horses every Wednesday at
' 11 a- m.. 327 Sixth st.; every horse must be
as represented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer.
FOUR fine eurreys. cne" pony buggy, carts, |
wagons and business buggies for sale, cheap
1504-S Folsom st.
SECOND-HAND open backs, wagonettes. 3-
seaters and business buggies. CQRVILL
MANUFACTURING CO., 48 Eighth st.
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary ' College— Next
setaion begins June H. Catalogs by applying to
DR." E. J. CREELEY, 510 Golden Gate ave.
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Address Nucleus, 190 Stevenson, S.F.
FOR rait — 2 good business horses and 1 top
buggy. Centennial stables, 1525 California st.
FOR sale — A cushlon-tlred buggy; good condi-
tion. Box 4130. Call office.
FOR SAL— — Dark bay buggy horse. 6 year*
old. Box 4211. Call office. ¦ . '-'¦¦ .'
HIGH-CLASS pacer, record 2:20; bike, buggy,
harness, etc., for sale cheap. 1000 Geary st.
Dr. J. H. Halton, veterinary surgeon. Office,
hospital moved S14 Folsom; tel. Jessie 1606.
Al EXPRESS wagnh, light camping wagon
and go-cart for sale, cheap. 532 Mission 9t.
I_irg»#t asfortnu 2d-hand wagons, buckbd, sur-
rey.harne— !,vrork.drivlng horses. ir>tfc- Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED lift of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 20 Montgomery.
MCALLISTER, 1200—12 roams, bath and bll-
llard-room; $60; water free; modern.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN _ HOWELL, 25 Pest st.
BOUSES TO LET — -FUIlXiSIIED.
A COMPLETE furnished house of 9 rooms!
piano; large basement; 2 blocks from pan-
handle: fine view; will rent for any length
of time; references. For further particular*
apply 110 gay st. .
BOUSES FURNISHED— FOR SALE.
NINE-ROOM house; reasonable ; clean; leaving
city. 3C5 Golden Gate ave. '
LOST AAD FOUXD.
LOST— Ono black mare, white etar on forehead;
1 pneumatic rubber-t|re buggy, black body,
red running gear; brown day blanket and
whip; last Saturday evening between 8 and
9, on Ocean boulevard. Finder apply at
Neucleus Stables, 1K7 Stevenson st.'
LOST— Saturday evening, April 2. between 8:30
and 9:00, on San Bruno road or Folsom St.,
gold eunburst brooch set with nine diamonds;
gift; $100 reward: no questions. II. J. S.,
Ernp. Planing Mill, 749 Bryant st.
LOST — Black feather boa. Sunday, on Post »t.,
between Pierce and Flllmore, or on Fillmore
between Post and Fulton. Return to 2148
• Post st.; reward. •
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernla Sav.
Ings and Loan Society of San Francisco In
the name of HANNAH BURKE. No. 184.618.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST. — A ' passbook with the Hibernla Sav-
lng* and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the name of Grace King. No. 210-687; the
finder will please return to bank. ¦
LOST — Near ferry, case containing collars and
underwear, marked Keller Fitzgerald, OaU-
land:'reward. Merchants' Express Co.. 15 Spear
.MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. MclN-
TOSH _ WOLPMAN, 185-197 Fremont st.
DOEK YOUR ROOF. LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte: in rolls easy to lay;
needi no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin nr shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale «t.
DESKS and office furniture; $20,000 stock to
be sold before April 15; this stock can be
bought In Iarce or stnall lots. T. D. Sic-
CARTHY CO.. 782 Mission. Phone Bush- 4«7.
FOR 'sale— 30 mllkln? cows and dairy outfit
complete, with or without pasture ttit the
tame. Apply at 81S Grove St., between Web-
ster and Flllmore, mornings.
TAKE notlce*-I hava noUl all of my Interest
In the firm of Johnston _ Ellis, California
Market, to Robert H. Johnston, on March
22. 1904. E. V. ELLIS. .
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guarante«d
to Eton all leaks in the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front St.; tel. Main 1428.
A— FINE stilts, $7 50; dress pant*. $2 60. Orig-
inal Mlefit Clothing Parlors, 239 Kearny st.
r.esrr Bush; open To 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, tn-
glnea, boilers, water pipe, shafting, ' pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 fptar st.
ALTERATION sale— Best S2 50 hat*. $1 5O.
Popular Price Hatter, S?,0 Kearny c_. near
Pine; open to 0 p. m.; Sundays to nocn.
MUST be sold; owner going East; painting an-1
paperhangtng business; established over 30
yeara. C. J. BARRON. 1210 Market st.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay - express
charges. 11 Sd St.. Exam, bid. ; catalog free.
FOR sale or exchange^ — For watch, one cam- •
¦ era, 8x10; also one 5x7. C. BAKER, 121 6th. >.
PIGEONS, new. Imported varieties, for squab
raisers ;send for list. C. Wllson,229 Stevenson.
FOR aale— Heifer; will calve soon. 200 Ninth
street. - -'." - - -r ;; '¦, '¦ ¦- ¦ ', ¦. -..-• -' '--. ". ' '
PAIR perfect white diamond earrings' at a ,
bargain;' about 0V4 karats. 10 Sixth at.
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON i
TENT _ AWNING Co.. 35 Mrkt. Tel. Bush 858 1 .
HEAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
REAL ESTATE. '
-
. 6 A II 8 A L I T O.
SATURDAY. APRIL 9. 1&04."
i ¦ ' On the Ground, at 2:15 p. m.
22 CHOICE ¦ .22
22 RESIDENCE 23
22 i LOTS 22
Faelnr Bulkley and Excelsior aves.. Read*
and El Monte lane, formerly known < as Hotel
Geneva.' formerly El Monte Hotel.
For further particulars and catalogues, ap-
ply to
HENRY STERN
DAVID STERN & SONS,
. t Rcal Estate Brokers and Auctioneer.
11 Montgomery st.
$llt,C0O-- STORES and flats on Eighth «t.;
rents $72; 50 feet frontage.
$<;,500— Store and 2 flats on Mission st. ; rents
• - -. ?<52.
Si;, • mo — Store and fat in Mission; rents $17 50;
( t lot 24x75.
$3,230 — Store and flat; Church St.; rent*
$32 50; lot 25x100.
$2"»,0CN>— Four fiats, with fine view of park:
. v rooms all sunny; rents $220: lot 35xt25.
$7,100— Ellis st., near Laguna; 2 new flats,
with room for more: :lot 25:8_120. to
rear Ftrcet. • • /''-."
JS.50O— 3 flats -on Church st-; rents $72 50;
all sunny rooms; good location.
$2,000 — Two flats, near 25th and Sanchez sts.:
rents '930; 'lot '29:6x114.
Properties from $15CO to $200,000 In ail parts
of the city. Ranches of all sizes. Oakland.
Alameda and Berkeley property* for sale and
exchange. . •
j, EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Keaxny st.
$6500— NEW artistic homes, built by day work.
They contain reception hall, 'salon parlors,
beautiful dining-room in natural wood wit-
brick opsn fireplace; ihe kitchen Is perfect In
appointment, light And rocmy; ! 4 bedrooms;
all sunny; large billiard-room In basement;
also laundry with cement floor; lot 26—101;
cast line of Clayton st.. south of Frederick:
transfer to. Masonlc-ave. cars at Halght or
Oak *t.. ride to the door. JOHN STJER-
LEN, Owner and Builder, on premises.
$1.25 PER WEEK, no interest. Lots in the
Excelsior Homestead Tract: all' level: no
grading to do: ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
VV. J: WHITE.
. 26 MontEcmery'St.. room 5. ' .
BITILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES, 612 Callaghan bid.,
will build nn your property or buy 'you a lot;
$8 a month Days principal' and interest on
each $1000 of balance due. making your In-
stallments less than rent; send for circular..
$2S00 — ON easy terms; cottage. of 8 r. and b..
on. West Park st.. just off of Mission.
Make 'an offer for. cottage ' of 5 rooms,
large yard, on West Park st.
D. COFFIN & CO., 33iX! Mission st.
• , investmentHproperty.
$87M> — Rented for *57q per year; new. up-to-
date flats in swell neighborhood. See GEO.
STIERLEN. owner and builder, at 137.1 Ma-
sonic aye., bet. Waller and Frederick sts.
CHEAPEST "cjose In" property^Jn San Fran-
cisco; unimproved lot; size 25xlOt>; $43<>.
Apply at 121S Turk St.. owner; street work
to be done later. . .
$U(So — COTTAGE of 4 rcomsV street "work all
done; near Cortland-ave. -school. Apply
S31C Mission st. "
MODERN 4 and 5 room cottages; terms aame
. aa paying rent. - Apply owner. • Lumber
yard, S.E. cor, 'Alabama and Montcalm' sts.
UUILD on- your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 0 per cent. ;
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crdcker building.
TWO pretty homes just completed in the Mis-
sion;. 6 rooms, bath: about $10C0 down, bal-
¦ ance easy. See M.OISE. "'JO Sansome st.
LATEST system sanitary plumbing by AHL-
BACH _ MAYER, plumbers. fe36 Howard.
MODERN cottage, fl sunny rooms and bath;
Cheap for cash. ' 214 Hoffman ave-
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1« ynze<*. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SAX JOSE HEAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— 7-room sottage:-all modern Improve-
ments; elegant home; 28 Magnolia ave.. San
' Jose. Add. C. E, Wright. San Jose,- Cal.
STOUAGlT AXD _^ WAREHOUSES.
A— GILBERT *: MOORE Sturage C6.: storar*.
packing,' shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Nuss; office 123B Market, r. 84; tel. South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & • Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third: phone Grant ltil.
PIERCE-KODOLPH Storage -Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell *ts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. : phone East 12G.
GOLDEN West Storaee; advances made. ' 840
Mission st.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmqre Rt.: phene Jackson 251.
BEK1N8 Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st.tVttl Main 1M0 Shipping at cut rates. .
TYPEWRITERS A>'D_JSUPrXIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. Xo. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rtntals $2 30. .The
Typewriting Exchange, .536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $3U each: get par-
ticulars of L. _ M. ALEXANDER.; 110 Mont-
gomery Ft. , . J ....
2D-H AND typewriters sold, rented." repaired.
Webgter Typewriter In»pec. Co.. 5CS Market.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'3IENTS
AM«KI)V RRU' ESTATE.
$5250 — A RARE bargain; chance of a life-
time; two beautlf'il uo-to-date modern C-
room flats on Clinton ave.* ' bay frontage;
beautiful marine view; elegant surf bathing;
bathhouses, etc. :.tlils Is a rare chance;'don't
overlook 1%. HAMMOND -HAMMOND. 1427
Park st. '
BERKE iff! Y AD VERT'S ? M'NTS
IlEltKELEY REA1, ESTATE.
A, MURDOCK _ CO.. South Berkeley station.
n Tnr ba»-ga1ii>: w» railid. hirr..»»ll or »xrh«ng-
BEEKEiE _ HOTELS.
l7oTElT~B_RKELEY ele^
'gantly appointed house Is now under a new
and esperienced management.. The service la
1 first class, the accommodations homelike, the
¦ treatment of guests courteous, the rates low.
'The hotel is situated on Dwlght way. one
block west of the Dwlght way station, and is
-therefore convenient, to both the Key Route
and S. P. . ferry systems. Rates, per day,
transient, are from $2 to $3, and per month
are $30 to $50, according to apartments. Ban-
quets and wedding. dinners will be served on
short notice In- the mo«t fashionable and de-
lightful manner. All interested in this an-
nouncement are invited to call at the house
and -Inspect it. Any further information de-
sired will be promptly given/ Tel. Dana 13— '
. B-BKEI.EY ROOMS TO LET.
THREE modern upper rooms arti :.mall kitchen;
best location; desirable. 1 _ 1 • ! P;iru st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
'office; ins bboadway.
oakland * hf.al estate.
¦ ¦, "a snap.
afink6-r0om cottage: large re-
ception hall: bath: high basement;
lot 50x127: all street work done;
good location;- ¦ pricb only $2si>0:
easy terms. p. c. lassen, 4gb tenth
st.. oakland, ; cal.
OAKLAND iF-RJflTIJRB FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for : bargains: in furnU
i lure . H. Schelbaas.lltb st..cor.store.Oakland.
MIISICAJL^NSTRIIMENT_--Con.
1 ONLY piano house in. the ¦ city that will" rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
6 months' rent and cartage off purchase
price; sole agents for McPhail. Schiller and
1 other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes.
. A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furnl-
ture) will be sold to pay' storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage. 1636 Market st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ _ CO.. 16 McAllister St..
3-PEDAL Steinway up. ;Chlckerlng baby grand:
Shonlnger. lit'tle used. Keeffa's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
IF you want bargains come now; pianos al-
most given away. Hornung, 216 McAllister.
• SOHMER, Byrcn Mauzey pianos. Cecillan piano
' player. BYRON MAUZY. 303-312 Post St.
OFFICES AND STOKES TOLET.
STORE. SE. corner. Ilyde and Green sts., suit-
able for fruit,: grocery, butchtr, etc.: repairs
to suit tenant: low rent. Apply J. DIMMER,
• attorney.. 411H California tt.. room 6.
PEBSOXAiS.
A fresh, smooth and young looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forgfiet th^name, il. ELLA HARRIS.
The number, 7S1 O'Farrell et., near Larkln.
Call or write for book, free, * -
"Hlnja on Beauty."
1 Al SUITS to order at Jl weekly. We have
•contracts with leading houses to take ail
thejr shqrt ends, called remnants. We make
you a fine suit on Installments cheaper than
others do for ea»h. LEON LEMOS. merchant
tailor. 1127 Market st.. bet. 7th and 8th.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling. cures dandruff
and Itching fcalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at drucsists'. hairdressers' ;ac-
f cept no Eiibf titute. Star Remedy Co..Ut33 Polk
A— MICR0T1NE, a positive cure for catarrh,
: cold in the h*ad. hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections: send far free sample.
MOUNTAIN TFA MEDICINE CO.. 272 Oth.<5
' ApVEltTISING WORLD, CplumbusTohio, a
monthly journal of Information, plans, sug-
gestions and Ideas for advertising. Send to-
day for free sample, pr 10c for i months' trial.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
! skin, mouth, bon^s, etc.). speedily • cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst case* cured.
WILL give free treatment to every ladv call-
inz this week at the Gim Facial Massage
Devicft Parlors. 517 Taylor st.
GOLDEN GATE, .100 cor.— Laundry, barber
ehop; cixars. tobacco, newspapers, suits
- cleaned. -
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor, 721 Market st. — : '
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
812 Shotwell; consultation free; call or write
HAIR grown gray restored; pimples, wrinkles,
— all blemishes removed; shampooing specialty.
MME. ROUME. 231 Post, parlors 13 and 14.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thuru.. Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. 155G Market, nr. Larkin.
Prof. S. de Loutsky. dermatologist. Iofl7 Post
St.; modern facial treatment; at home.
SUITS to order on Installment* of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.). tailors. 720 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
trlc needle. Dr. _ Mrs. Travers, U70 Market.
Actlna restores lost eyesight ;cures deaf ne*s and
catarrh. A ? VIDA Co.. 3524 13th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 360 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE eosturr.es. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN _ CO.. 7.13 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Buafr and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to tt» natural color. Si: at all rtruc?lsta'.
PA_ji>__HY. " _
MADAM DEVAS. " ~~~~ ~~"
PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. _IEB__
BUILDING. 130 POST ST.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palml;t. 513
Taylo.- st.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
. HAINTI-VG. fcTC.
ROOMS papered, $4 up; tinting, painting
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third rtel.Maln 413
UI-A— ESTATE— Conntrr— For Sale.
. .---,-,.,„-, W-_l~_.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$15,SD0 — 103 acres: all level; 1 mile of town;
Contra Costa County; elegant 0-room house; "2
large barns;' 7 poultry houses; -Urge gran-
aries; Income about $Mvo _ year; b«st ranch
In the county. • ¦
$30,000 — Kl&math Co., Southern Oregon: bor-
dering on _Ik Klamath Lake; aooo acres; eut
about .fluv tons of hay annually; also large
quantities of grain; well fenced and cro»*-
Zcnced; good 8-room residence; farming Imple-
ment*; lo horses; li good barns, etc.
$10,000— In Sonoma Co.; &W) acres well fenced
in 8 fields; house; a large barns; dairy nous*;
well wateied; 200 acres tillable; all iiJVtl: "4
acres b-year-old orchard; ao head tattle: 20
hogs; farming implements, etc.; $5000 mort-
gage; trudi> lor bay property.
$27,000 — In Placer Co.. o/i R. R.— 1680 acres,
part river bottom, all can be ploughed; carry
400 head cattle year round; dwelling; « good
burns; larming implements; 90 head cattle, 12
head horses; plenty water to Irrigate; part cash.'
$8500— Scld by order of Superior Court. 10SO
acres, near Point Arena, 20O acres tine potato
land; apple orchard; 50U acres wore could be
planted; o00 acres heavy timber; | well Ira-
proved and fenced: fine dairy or stock ranch.
$5000— Best ranch In Soqthern Oregon; saO-
acres; 2 sets good Improvements; well fenced;
orchard; 5 horsus: farmlug tools; outside range.
4=3250 — Only 2 miles of town. 155 , acres; 10
acres old vineyard; family orchard; . «0 acres
clover or alfalfa; under 3 ditches; large new
barn; will build 'dwelling to ' suit buyer; 10
fine milch cows; farming implements; only
$1000 down. -
$2500 — I to acres near boat and cars, Sonoma
Co.; good 6-ruoni house; vineyard, orchard,
barn, outbuildings, horses, cow, poultry. 5-U0;
Job can be had with the place.
$2500 — One mile P. O., schools' and stores;
255 acres; 40 level: . 10 could be Irrigated-
house, large barn, outhouses; well fenced ana
cross-fenced: irn> tuns: new buggy, wagon,
farming touls: come stock; 3 wells; water piped
to buHdlnps; furniture.
$15(0 — Two and a half miles live town and
R. R.: 4U0 acres; 40 In grain on creek: about
100 acres moru bottom land; 10 acres full bear-
ing orchard: balance timbered pasture; house,
barn, etc.; fine place for resort or sanitarium;
not far from city,
55000 — 3 miles cf Santa Crua; 47 acres; 18
unjer cultivation, ' balance fine pasture; 365
assorted nuit trees: 1500 grapes: windmill and
tank; water piped to bulldinxs and yards;
spl.iiidiri S-room hard-finished house,- good
stable and poultry houses; tspan cood horses': 2
cows; 7 dozen hens: single and double buggies
and harness: hay; farming tools and furniture;
trade for No. 1 property around bay. ' ;
$2t'5O — lwi ucrts, H mllos of Napa City, 2
miles P. O. ; 30 acres under cultivation; 15
acres lull bearing fruit; 15 acres fin* grain;
lifl acres more could be cultivated; balance
broken and rocky; house, barn., poultry houses,
incubator, brooders, 2 wagons. 2 carts, horse,
cow, poultry, tools.
?3000 — ltiO acres, at station and near Santa
Crua: 35 acres clear: orchard; 10-room' house:
outbuildings; mortgage J20W; trade equity.
53500— Near San Jose; 11 acres bearing fru|t.
mostly prunea; facilities for. Irrigation; build-
ln£»; ' i ' " . 4 •'• ¦ ¦ ¦ : '
$3250— 2P acres eandy loam, only 2^4 miles of
Petuluma; house, 5 rooms and bath; part cash.
$750— Held mine, with SO-fcot shaft and fine
body of-sre In slcht. El Dorado Co.; assays I
514 a ton; "Would exchange for vacant lot.' ' I
$250(1 — tO acres; 5 miles from Santa Cru2;-20 I
acres under cultivation, balance rolling and I
hf.me steep; small orchard and vineyard, bear-
ing; "good 7-room : huuse. *. barn, outbuildln^d;
bank . . foreclosure ; I $500 down and . balance
monthly payment* If desired.
: $2300 — Near Petaluma; 13 acres:.. C-room
house; good outbuildings; tools; wagon and ¦
horbe; lo poultry rlol4se^; 400 liens; a Incuba-
tors and brooders; a money-maker.
jjnoo — cii»e to Sebastopol; S acres. 4 acres
bearing blackberries; family orcharu; good
well: runninc water: fine Jersey; cow; .rprlng
wagon; harness ; .tools; furniture.
. $4500 — Near' Sebastopol; 21 acres; - all level:
2 flowing. streams; C acres apples; < 3 acres
blackberries: nice S-room house, barn; drying
plant; outbuildings; horses;' farming tools; ru-
ral delivery. : ¦'- , ¦ -
$2250—10 acres, all In aprlrots Just com-
! menclng to bear: 8 miles from San Jose; lovely
i home; half -cash. . ' : - ....
$1700— In Sonoma City: 3^4 acres; all level:
good house.' barn, windmill, tank house; 13 '
poultry houses and yards r some- alfalfa; spring •
wagon: 600 chickens: feed house. : . •
- • 3end stamp for printed list.
T .V. J. WHITE. 20 Montgomery «t.. room 5.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
FOR SALE-r^lS5 acres fln« virgin redwood and
~ pine timber •¦ near L. E. White'" railroad at
Elk Creek Mendoclno County. For full par-
ticulars • apply \o A, CLOCKERS. Albion
P. O...Cal. ;-. : ¦.'- ;
ALFALFA " lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent , free. - C. M. WOOSTER CO.. ft48
Market ft. V. r ;' '¦. -' :: \: \ ";'' v" ; - "'-¦ ¦¦¦:-. '
FOR sale— 1200 acres good alluvial soil In lrri- ,
¦ j gatiorr c district, ~v- near Stockton, $27 50 per
acre. 'Address, J.E.WAGOR. 39 South Sut- ,
:.ter st..' Stockton. Cal.'v^,- -.""'*'
$10 A" MONTH buys a 10- acre farm.' . :
? $200 ¦ -,-iroflt ' per ; annum per acre.: > '.
Write for '. booklet. It's ¦ free. 603 J it.
.WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal
A /WEEK'S news for 5 eentf.-Th« Weekly Call,
,...16 oac»»- In wranner.' for mailing. SI Der year.' '_.
MISCEL-AXEOPS FOR BALE— Con.
• 3%c ROLL and up; fine wall paper; samples
mailed; painting.' tintlngrjaperlcg. M. MER-
1GAN, 1302 We-bster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
BOOKS bought; libraries purchased. ' King's
, Old Bookstore. .61 McAlljster st. ¦
! STEEL lined safe.' 1800 pounds; $125. RICH-
I ARDSON BROS- 1816 Market »t.
BARGAINS ' In fine diamonds and' wntches:
• eaty payments. GARIN. bO3 Hayward bldg.
GASOLINE engines bought. ; sold, exchanged.
repaired. Sykes-Corson Co.. 254 Beale St..
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand I. FREEMAN. 1320 Market rt.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
> 12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck _ Co.. 122 Mket.
SLOT machines cheap: " Chicagoes, Twentieth
Centuries, Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 033 Market.
. SAFES— New and "second-hand. THE HERV
. MANN SAFE CO.. 807 Battery B t.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
: bargains. Bullard — Kreck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market tt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all _ies. '3. E. DQAK. 4tl Fremont st.-
ASK for prices on second-hand type writers: all
. makes ALEXANDER & CO.; UP Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
CALIFORNIA Huusswrteker Co! pays~the
highest trice for buildings and will remove
the largest building in 10 days. Office and
yard N- W. cor. . Mission and Tenth sts.
SHOES wanted: misfit &""caatoff; highest prcs.;
new _ 2d hand shoes for sale. ' 749 Mission.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 »th *t. : tel. Jessie 2S51.
SIEIHCAL.
LADIES desiring safe, cure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me af once; ir.y
methods are always safe, painleua and reli-
able; I havp no failures; no exorbitant fees.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
Cures guaranteed or no pay; 17 years' ex-
perience in all female disorders; call or write
without delay; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE, 702 Market st., rooms 7 and 8.
A— LADIES, If you are suffering from Irreg-
ularities or any ailment you' will avoid dis-
appointments by consulting me first. My
method of treatment is positive and harm-
. lees and I guarantee immediate relief from
any cause or make no charges. Advice free.
Call or write DR. SYLVESTER." 219 Kearny.
ALWAYS be advised and treated by a grad-
1 uate physician; positively the only one here
capable and willing to restore you to happi-
ness; relief for Irregularities; help for un-
fortunate ladles; if {n trouble consult him
without ce«t or fee: call or write; conflden-
tlal. DR. R. H. WESTON, 305 Kearny st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market at.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 820 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
raale troubles and irregularities; instant' re-
llef guaranteed. 1008& Market St., opp. 5th.
Drs. Goodwin. 7.'53 Turk, nr. V«n Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 3; 25 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folsom st., corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERB.S;
original method of treatment. 112(5 Market st.
DR. NG, TOY KEE. 319 Powell st.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MONEY TO LOAN. "
LIFE insurance policies; loans on same; we
give higher loan values than companies.
United Loan and Trust Company, 21 Stockton
. et. (second floor) ; phone Bush 464.
YOUR credit Is good for money at the UNITED
LOAN and TRUST COMPANY, 21 Stockton
et. (upstairs); If you hold a salaried position,
pn your note, without knowledge of your
friends or employer; Jpwest rate; quick ser-
vice; confidential treatment: call, write or
telephone Bush 484; we are the best equipped
company in the city, with offices convenient-
ly and centrally located; separate rooms, ar-
ranged so that the strictest privacy is as-
sured. ' -
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. "
COt-602-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided 'inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (INC.) ~
. - CONTROL $1,000,000.
REAL ESTATE LOANS.
INTEREST 6 PER CENT.
FIRST. SECOND AND THIRD MORTGAGES.
CITY AND OAKLAND. !
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTIES.
ESTATES IN PROBATE. .
UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE IN TRUST.
107-8-0-10-11. CROCKER BUILDING, 6. F.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
i Low rate of Interest.
. • . Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 408. Call office. . .
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protect-
ed frcm burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in
46 principal cities. Tolman, &53 Parrott bid.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates: strictly cpnfldential. National
Credit C0...C8 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
THE United Loan and. Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
.absolute^ privacy. Phone Bush' 484; " '
MONEY loaned -on 2d and 3d mortgages un-
divided Interests, real estate In probate, life
estates. United Loan .and Trust Co.. 21
•' Stockton st. (upfitalrs).
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
, per cent Interest. Baldwin 'Jewelry 'store,
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch.10 Third.
\ PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission;' no publicity; $25 up: quick,
quiet, confidential,!, 20 Montgomery st.,rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest'; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. iO Sixth . st.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000. ....
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unln-
" dorsed notes; absolute privacy Fidelity Loan
' Company, rdoms .48-43 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes' and other security. 8.' F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy ;no commission installments- accepted.
BONELT.I. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F Collateral Loan Bank. W8 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
' no" com. "V; TREMAIN. room 81. « Eddy Bt.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank; building.. 70S Market st.
STAR- Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld. j
CASH. loaned salaried people on notes without
- lndorter. MORELL. <J09 Examiner building.
MI'-ICAL. INSTUU3IKNTS.
ALL UPRIGHTS: ' v i
Fischer, new $325, now $150.
• Herts,, new $300,"- now. $67.
Miller.- new $300, now $145. ; i •'.
3 Emerson, new $250 to $350, now $160.
2 Chickerlng, new $450, now $100, $185.
2 8telnway," new $575. $760. now $185. $325.
Heine,* n^W $575, now $333. - , • .
Rents $2 up; Installments, $4 up.' Rent ap-
plied If purchased. ' . -
HEINE 'PIANO CO..; 235-237 Geary st. :
- Oakland— 1252 Broadway. ,
A FEW GOOD UPRIGHT, BARGAINS—
Cblckerlng. . walnut " case, used one year;
¦ Stelnwa'y, . ebony case, used . two years;.
Knabe,- largest size, fancy walnut; Haines
'Bros.. Paul's favorite/ a- snap; Curtaz. ' email
- size, used 18 months;. Marshall, fine order,
' thoroughly repaired, from $150 up; these in- :
J struments. must be seen to be ¦ appreciated,
r . BENJ.' CURTAZ _ - SON. , 16 O'Farrell St..
¦ Chickerlng agents. . . : :
6MALL pianos « for i small : apartments; great ,
n ton*; rent or sale. Byron Mauzy, 30s Post at.
IN THF CO\ 1 1MNS OF TWP PAI I
11 \ 1 1 1 1__ V_> X_J i__ LJ 1 1 1 1 M \J \_y 1 1 1 1 1__ v_>rAl__l__
BY STATING YOUR
WANTSMONDAY. APRIL 4.
Sun rists .5:".O
Sun sets : ;v . U : 35
Moon rieea ................... .....11:10 p. m.
O ITime Time Time Time ;
¦ I Ft. Ft. FL — '— Ft.
.» |H W L W H W LW
4 1:4G 6.6 8:27 0.2 S:22 4.4 8:12 2.7
6 2:.*:0 5.6 fl:25 0.4 4:27 4.3 9:12 :;.l
6 3:21 '6.0 10:25 0.6 5:33 4.2 10:17 3.2
7 4:22 4.7 11:27 0.7 0:S8 i 4.2 11:42 i 3.2
8 5:29 4.5 12:2-1 0.7 7:37! 4.4 ..........
L W H W L W - H W
9 J 0:. r >3 3.1 «:.'!7 4.4 1:15 0.8 8:23 4.7
10 11:51 2.8 7:42 4.4 2:01 0.9 0:02 4.U
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
tb» early morning tides are given In- the left
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
t!i«i city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
United States Coast and' Geodetic' Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. PubliEhed ty official authority of the
Superintendent.
Son, Moon and Tide.
NEW YORK, April 3. — Among the
passengers " who arrived to-day on
board the 6tcamer Coamo from Porto
Rico were Treasurer Willoughby,
Auditor Post and Manuel S. Domench,
members of the House of Delegates.
who came to consult the Secretary, of
the Treasury about placing a loan for
general improvements in Porto Rico.
Porto Rico Wants a J ,oan.
The American market shares fully
in the general steady improvement,
activity in Union Pacifies . being the
leading feature.
LONDON, April 3. — Business on the
Slock Exchange during the past week
was more active, largely owing to a
revival of confidence on the Paris
Bourse, from which large buying or
ders were received as well as from
Berlin, Amsterdam and Brussels,
showing that the continent had re
sumed Sts courage to transact business
which had been rudely shaken by the
outbreak of war.
London Stock Exchange Shows Grad
ual Recovery From Setback
Caused by War.
r ¦ • - .
TO ARRIVE.
8teamer. From. & | Due." i
Aurelia Portland & Astoria. ... Apr. 4
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Apr. 4
Oregon Portland & Astoria. ... Apr. 4
Ventura Sydney & .Way Ports.. Apr. 4
Arc.ata. ...... Coos Hay & Pt Orford.|Apr. 5
Jeanie Seattle & : Tacoma. .... Apr. 6
Spokane...... Humboldt Apr.. 5
Newburg Grays Harbor ; Apr. a
Mongolia Norfolk Apr. 5
Hero Oyster Harbor. ........ Apr. 6
Santa Cruz... San Pedro & Way Pts. Apr. 0
Eureka Humboldt .'....... Apr. 6
Senator Puget Sound Ports Apr. » 6
City of Para.- New York via Panama. Apr.\ fl
Korea./:...... . China and Japan Apr.* fi
Elizabeth. . . . Coquille River Apr. * 7
Argo. ....... Eel River Ports.. Apr. 7
Santa Rosa.. San Diego &.Way Pts. Apr. 7
Pomona Humboldt ...Apr. 8
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria. ... (Apr. !»
Bonlta ... Newport & Way 'Ports.) Apr. 10
Centennial... Seattle &. Tacoma Apr. 10
Rainier...... Seattle & Whatcom.... Apr. 10
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports.... Apr. 11
Californlan.. New York...... Apr. 11
San Jose I New York via Panama. Apr. 13
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. 1 Sails. Pier. :
April 4. |
Pomona.... Humboldt ......... 11:30 p Pier 0
April G.
Valencia... Seattle & Tacoma. 2 pm Pier !)
Bonlta Newport & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
UmatUla... Puget Sound* Ports. 11 am Pier. 8
April 6.
Arcata Coos B. &.Pt Orfd| 4 pm Pier 13
April 7.
Spokane.... Humboldt .'. 1:30 p Pier -9
Oregon Astoria ', & Portland 11 am Pier 24
State of Cal San Diego & Way. Sam Pier ,11
Curacao.... Mexican Ports ..... 10 am Pier 11
April! 9. I
Elizabeth.. Coquille River. .... 10 am Pier 20
Argo. ...... Eel ¦ River Ports... 4 pm Pier a
S. Cruz..... Kan Pedro & Way. » am Pier 11
Jeanie...... Seattle .& Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Newport.... N. Y via Panama 12 m Pier 40
April 10.
PugetKound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Senator..... April 13. I
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portlandlll *am Pier 2*
¦ April 14. ¦¦¦ \-
Ventura.... Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
April 15..
City Puebla Puget. Sounds Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Ct-ntennlal; . Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
G. Llndaucr Grays Harbor. '.V. v. 4 pra Pier 10
,. FROM SEATTLE..;..
Steamer. ' For. . ; ' Sails.'
Dolphin...... Skagway,& Way Ports. Apr. ; 4
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 6
J. Dollar...;. ValdAs &:Seward :... Apr. 9
Dlrlgo....... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 10
HcTlhit....... Valdezi&-: Way 'Ports.. Apr. 10
Al-Kl..:'..... • Skagway. & Way. Ports. Apr.<12
Cottage City. Skagway & Way'Ports. Apr. 13
Santa Ana. . . Valdcz & Way - Ports ;. Apr.' 18
KK\'IVAIi OF COXFIDEXCE
PROMOTKS BUSINESS
THE COAST RECORD.
: 0>M . 3 2 3 3 3 5!~ ll E'
.STATIONS. » \l 11 |§ JT I
; : • {., c c ; ¦-' •• '.' - ; a
•i i. •
. n a> . ; . •
Baker 30.02 50 38 NW Cloudy Tr.
Carson 29.D8 52 4t NW Pt.Cldy .00
Eureka ......30.28 52 44 NW Clear .22
Fresno... 30.10 66 '61 NW Clear .00
S.E. Farallon. 30.22' 51 .. NW Clear .00
Flagstaff ....2D.0C 56 20 SW Clear .00
Pocatello ....20.00' 5S 42 SE Cloudy .00
Independence .29.84 06 • 4R "VV. Pt.Cldy .CO
Los Angeles.. 30. OS 68 46 W Clear : .00
Alt Tamalpals.30.15 44 - 42 NW Clear' .OS
North Hcad...S0.16 48 .. S • Pt.Cldy .00
Phoenix 20.92 SO 42 NW Clear .00
Pt Reyes Lt..: TO. Vi 48 .. NW Clear- .00
Portland .00.14 54 42 SW Pt.Cldy .33
"Red Blutf. ... .."50.12 62 52 SE Clear .06
Roseburij, ....30.18 52 42 'SW Cloudy .47/
Sacramento . .30.12 ' 58 52 S Clear .03 \
Salt LaltCi. ..2J).»0 60 38- S ,: Cloudy. .00 i
San Franclsco.30.22 Ot 48 , W Clear .02
San L. Oblspo.30.14 60 r>0 W Pt.Cldy .0U •
San Diego.... 30. 26 62 5Q,NW Clear . .00 !
Seattle ...30.14. 52. . .'. S •• Cloudy .'2S ;
Spokane .....30.00 54 3« SW Cloudy Tr.
Tatoosh . . . . . .30. 12 . 4S : 40 : SW : Clear .00
Walla Walla.. SO.Ot 54 44 S- Pt.Cldy .CO
Winnemucca .29.98 52 34 NW Rain Tr.
Tuma ..'.-....29.92 84 , 42 , S Clear - .00 t
WEATHER CONDITIONS 'AND GENERAL
:/';<:> FORECAST. ..
Fair weather" prevails over California and
Arizona and cloudy .weather: elsewhere west of
the Rocky > Mountains. ; Light rain " has fallen
i from San ; Francisco ' northward.'
¦ The < pressure has r fallen over > the Rocky '¦
Mountain :. region and - risen rapidly over the !
Pacific ; Coast. '.. ¦'•"':'.-- *
The temperature has fallen over . Northern
Nevada. . Idaho and the eastern portions of
Washington and Oregon.;
. • The rivers throughout . California are falling
¦ Forecast, made at' San Francisco for thirty
hours cndins 1 mIdnight,- : Aprll;4: ; : , :
' '. Northern California— Fair; warmer Monday; ,
light. northerly wind. ;..'_ >t '•¦' . • I
i: Southern Ca'.IfornM— Fair Monday: light west •
wind. •-:•¦_ • .¦ ¦•* , ». : . :
Nevada — Fair >. Monday. .'¦.'. .. ¦; |
• San ¥ Francisco a and : vicinity —^Fair; warmer ,
Monday; light northwest .;wljd.;t-: i
v V -G. H. W1LLSON. Docal Forecaster. 1
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.) -¦; >
SAN FRANCISCO, April 3—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty- four hours:
7^st This . Last
Stations — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0-22 C8.10 4ft. 23
Red Bluff 0.06 27.45 22. n
Sacramento..... 0.03 IR.St 16.41
San Francisco... 0.02 19.02 .• 1S.U
Fresno ..." 0.00 6.64 8.13
Independence 0.00 2. 55- 'J.13
San Luis Oblspo 0.04 13.89- 17.29
Los Angeles 0.00 7.7.". 1C.23
San Diego 0.00 4.09 10.5U
Weather Report.
LONDON, April 3. — Princess Ed
ward of Saxe Weimar died here to-day
of acute pneumonia, aged 77. She
was a daughter of the Fifth Duke of
Richmond. ' :\\ ; : ' : ; . .:
Princess Dies of Pneumonia.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. April 3.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 9 hours from San
Vincente Landing.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. CO hours from Mots
Landing.
Stmr Coronado, Peteraen. 63 hours from
Grays Harbor.
fctmr Alcazar. Johnson. 26 hours from Port
Harford
Bark Yosemite Flynn. 18 days from Hono
lulu
Bark n P Rithet. McPhail, 18 days from
Honblulu.
Uktn S G Wilder, Jackson. 14 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 6 days from
SiURlaw River. .
Srhr Newark. Reinertsen, 15 hours from.
Fish Rock.
Schr Oakland. Ewart. 10 days from Redondo.
Schr Helene. Christiansen, 23 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Abbie. Lareen. 40 hours from Mendo
cino.
Schr Albion. Olsen. 7 days from Sluslaw
; River.
SAILED.
' Sunday. April 3.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego and
way ports.
£tmr Eureka. Jesscn. Eureka.
Stmr Asuncion. Frldgett. Redondo.
Bark Levl G Burgess. Tounggren. Chlgnlk
Bay.
Brig W G Irwin Hansen. Roche Harbor.
Schr Repeat, Wilson. Apia and Pago Pago.
Schr Ida A. Campbell. Point Reyes.
Schr Defiance. Salczkc. Grays Harbor.
Schr Stanley. Wallatedt, Codfishlng.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 3, 10 p m— "Weather
cloudy; wind NAV; velocity 28 miles per hour.
• DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH — Passed out April 3 — Schr
Jeanie. from Seattle, for San Francisco.
Passed In April 3— Br ship Agamemnon,
from Liverpool; G»r etmr Amasls, hence
March 31 for Vancouver.
Passed out April :: — Bktn Klikltat. for Hon
olulu: schr Carrier Dove, for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND — Passed Inward April
3 — Bktn Quickstep, from San Pedro; Br ship
Clan Buchanan, from Honolulu.
BELLINGHAM— Sailed April i 3— Ger bark
Octavla, for Callao.
Arrived April 3 — Stmr Rainier, from Seattle.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived April 3— Schr Susie
M Plummer. from Tacoma; schr Mary Dodge,
from Eureka; *chr Philippine, from Tacoma;
fschr Soquel. from Olympia; stmr Whlttier,
from Redondo.
SEATTLE— Sailed April 3— Stmr Senator
for San Francisco.
Arrived April 3— Stmr City of Puebla, hencu
March 31.
FOREIGN PORTS.
LADYSMITH— Arrived April 2— Bark Hecla,
hencn March 18.
ASTORIA— Arrived April 8— Schr Henry K
Hall, from Honolulu.
Arrived April 3 — Stmr Alliance, from | Coos
Bay; Br bark Invermay, from San Diego.
Sailed April 3— Schr Alice McDonald, for
San FTanclsco. , ;:¦:¦'
BANDON— Arrived April 3— Stmr Elizabeth,
hence April 1.
EUREKA — Sailed April 3 — Schr Ida
Schnauer. for San Francisco; stmr Rosecran*,
for San I Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived April 3— Schr Fear
less,, from San Diego.
ISLAND PORTS. ...
HONOLULU— Sailed April 3— U S tug Iro
quol*. for a cruUe.
OCEAN STEAMERS.-:
NEW YORK— Arrived April 3— Stmr La
Touralne. from Havre; stmr Gallia, from Mar
ecllles and Naples.
QU-EENSTOWN— Sailed April 3— Stmr Jler
ion. from Liverpool, for Philadelphia; etmr
Celtic, from Liverpool, for New York; stmr
Umbria, from Liverpool, for New York.
Shipping Intelligence.
The following vessels are quoted for reinsur
ance: Engelthcrn. 20(5 days from Philadelphia
to Kaiiaon. 10 per cent; Lamornu, a7 uays
from Tacoma to Queenstown, 75 per cent;
Uaetana Catabona, 1&0 days from New York
to Sydney, 10 per cent.
Overdues.
The *chooner Laura Madsen. which was ly
ing at anchor in Mission Bay, was caught by
the heavy northeastern gale which swept the
city front yesterday and driven from her moor
ings. Only for the intervention of tugs which
raced to her rescue she would probably he now
en Mission Flats.
Drags Her Anchors.
While J. Hansell was climbing Mount Tam
alpais yesterday a pistol in his hip pocket was
accidentally discharged and he was wounded
in the fleshy part of his leg. He was brought
back to town and taken to the Harbor Emer
gency Hospital, where the wound -was dressed
and he waa removed to his residence in Harry
place.
Shoots Himself Accidentally.
The brie Lurline, which put Into port last
Friday to land her second mate, who was In
sane, Is still lying off Melgffs wharf. Soon
after arrival, it is reported, the captain let hia
crew go ashore for a few hours, but when It
came time for them to show up they were not
there, so the vessel 1* still waiting: for them
to appear. Bhe came here from Altata and is
bound for Grays Harbor.
¦Waiting for Her Crew.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, April 3.
Booth-Tucker, commander of the
Salvation Armv in the United States,
spent the first day of his return to CaU
ifornia in the city of Oakland, where is
located the first corps of his army that
was founded upon this coast. The
commander, came to Oakland after his
morning visit to San Quentin and con
ducted two meetings, one in the after
noon and one in the evening. He was
accompanied by his entire party with
which he is traveling, many officers
from San Francisco and the "famous
Salvation Army Headquarters Band.
The two Oakland meetings were very
much out of the ordinary. Both cen
tered around Mrs. Emma Booth-Tuck
er, wife of the commander, who was
recently killed in an Eastern railroad
accident. The afternoon meeting was
a lecture upon the work of the Salva
tion Army that was prepared by the
dead consul, and was delivered by her
surviving husband; while the evening
meeting was a lecture prepared by the
commander upon the life of his wife,
entitled, "The Life of the Consul."
Thus It was, though her voice is stilled
by de;ah, that the words of the beloved
consii.i.'.-re heard by her many friends
and foiiowors in 'Oakland.
The stage of the theater waa occu
pied by the Eastern officers that ac
companied the commander and a num
ber of local officers. The commander's
party consists of Lieutenant Colonel
Thomas Scott, who has charge of all of
the industrial homes' of the army;
Lieutenant Colonel Annie Oaborne, who
is at the head of the training homes
for female officers of the army; Briga
dier E. J. Parker; Ensign Hester
Dammes, who was with the con»ul
when she was killed; Ensign Bessie
Dickens of the headquarters staff; Ad
jutant Hansen, who is the photogra
pher of the party; Captain Tom Narra-,
way; Captain Billy Smith, once a fa
mous prize-fighter, and his" wife, and
the two little chUdren of Commander
Booth-Tucker. Tne local officers with
the commander were: Staff Captain F.
Erickson, Captain C. J. Schaefer, Brig
adier George Wood, Staff Captain A.
Crawford, . Ensign Crawford. Ensign
William Day. Adjutant T. H. Storey,
Mrs. L. R. Storey, Mrs. J. Banbury,
Colonel George French, Mrs. George
French, Major and Mrs. George Reed
and Adjutant Henstein.
Commander Tucker was Introduced
by Colonel French, who has charge of
the Oaklarid work. The opening prayer
was delivered by Lieutenant Colonel
Scott and there was some music by the
headquarters band. Commander Booth-
Tucker then delivered the lecture,
"Love and Sorrow," which was pre
pared by the late consul shortly before
her death. The commander alluded
quietly to that fact in announcing his
address and then he added that he was
glad to return to California and that
there was only one place that he liked
better than the Golden State and that
was heaven.
The lecture was largely upon the
work of the Salvation Army, its homes,
stations and colonies. It was illustrat
ed with stereopticon views and closecj
with a series of living pictures, also il
lustrative of the work of the army.
These pictures were posed by the two
little children of the commander and
the members of the commander's
party.
A great deal of attention was paid to
the colony work of the army and Com
mander Booth-Tucker told of the pro
posed plan by which the Government
land of the United States was to be
given to those that wanted to work it
in twenty-acre tracts, and the money
necessary to start the little farms to be
loaned by the Government at small in
terest. A bill to this effect is now be
fore Congress, and a resolution urging
the Senators and Representatives from
California to aid in its passage was
adopted. ;.':/:.'
The evening meeting was devoted to
a touching tribute to the dead consul.
For classics there will be Professor
Morris H. Morgan of Harvard and
Professor W. A. Merrill of the Univer
sity of California; for English, Ham
mond Lamont; managing editor of the
New York Evening Post, and Profes
sor Francis B. Grummer of Haverford,
an authority on the old English bal
lads and on early English literature;
for modern languages there will be
Charles H. Grandgent, professor of
romance languages at Harvard; Fon
ger de Haan, professor of Spanish at
Bryn Mawr, and Professor 'Albln
Putzker and Messrs. M. J. Splnello,
C. W. Wells and L. J. Demeter, of the
University of California. The distin
guished philosopher, James Ward, a
Fellow of Trinity, and professor of
mental philosophy at Cambridge, will
come from England to .lecture' on
psychology.
To acquaint teachers with the best
modern methods of instruction in
their special fields will be the object
of many courses in individual depart
ments. Instruction in the theory of
education as such will be offered by
Professor Frank M. - McMurry of
Teachers' College of Columbia Univer
sity. Dr. Reginald A. Daly, geologist
for Canada to the International Boun
dary Commission, will offer work In
physical geography, planned to be of
particular value to teachers of the
subject.
For music there will be Albert A.
Stanley, professor of music in the Uni
versity of Michigan, who will lecture
on the history of music and on its
relation to life, illustrating his instruc
tion by selections from works of the
most important epochs.
Students at the annual summer, ses
sion of the University of California,
which will commence on June 21 and
last six weeks, will be afforded an op
portunity of instruction from a faculty
comprising specialists from the lead
ing seats of learning of America and
Europe, competent* to bring them into
touch with the latest developments oC
knowledge;.
For science there will be a rare as
semblage of men who are opening new
fields of knowledge. For chemistry
there will come from London Sir Wil
liam Ramsay of University College, the
chemist whose recent experiments with
radium have resulted in what he re
gards as actual transmutation; for
physiology there will be i Professor
Jacques Loeb of the University of Cali
fornia, who has contributed much to
the world's knowledge of the' vital pro
cesses; for. botany there will come
from Holland Professor Hugo de Vrle3
of the University of Amsterdam, whose
experiments have done much to shape
current theory as to the origin of spe
cies; and Svante August Arrheniua,
professor of physics in the University
of Stockholm, will come from Sweden
to lecture on physical chemistry, a
science whose bases were laid by his
discoveries, on the modern develop
ments of the serum treatment of dis
ease, and on the theory'of immunity.
The scientific instruction by these and
a number of other men will include
astronomy, physics, chemistry, botany,
zoology, physiology, mineralogy, phy
sical geography, civil engineering, me
chanical drawing, agriculture and en
tomology.
The provision for historical instruc
tion is likewise striking. Professor
Bernard Moses, recently returned
from three years* service as a member
of the United States Philippine Com
mission, will lecture on "Political De
pendencies" and on "Government" The
Eastern question— \\\e Balkans, Russia
in Asia, and China, Korea and Jap
an — will be discussed by Professor
Archibald Cary Coolidge of Harvard,
historian and diplomatist; • Professor.
H. Morse Stephens will treat of Eng
lish history, and American history will
be,, taught by Professor Frederick J.
Turner of the University of Wisconsin,
the first authority in his field.
Anxiety for Kailua. ,
Considerable anxiety is manifested for the
schooner Kailua. row 28 days out from Port
I Ludlow, bound for this port. She went to sea
i almost at the same time as the British chip
Lamorna. and frars are entertained that she
may have run Into the same storm that has
1 occasioned rumors of the loas of that vessel.
Ehe is a well built, stanch, four masted
echooner and Is owned by Hind. Rolph & Co.
Her cargo consists of 1.000,000 feet of lumber.
. v •—
Ready to Go Into Commission.
Th« river itumer H. 3. Corcoran, recently
purchased by the Piper- Aden-Qoodall Com
pany, has been remodeled and refitted in first
cla-« shape and is now one of the flneet boats
on the bay.* She always was noted for her
speed, and with the new Improvements to her
machinery will probably go faster than ever.
She wilt go on the San Francieco, Vallejo and
Mar* Island run on Thursday.
\ The bark R. P. Rithet arrived yes-
I lerday. eighteen days from Honolulu,
j more or less damaged by the. gale
! which struck her in mid ocean and
j threatened to completely dismantle her.
; Captain McPhail reports that when six
! days out from Honolulu he ran into a
| heavy southeast gale, which struck the
j ship with tremendous force. Big seas
I washed over her from stem to stern
and she was hove to for forty-eight
I hotire. During the storm her decks
, were continually full of water up to the
rails. In the height of the pale a great
sea hit her on the starboard side and
j smashed in her bulwarks. She brings
; 31.94S bags of sugar consigned to Welch
& Co.
Tears Are Entertained for
Safety of Kailua, Bound
From Sound to This Port
Lecture Written by Consul
Shortly Before She Met
Death in Railroad Accident
Assemblage of the Leading
Educators of Europe and
America Coining to Coast
FAMOUS SPECIALISTS
! COAST VESSEL OVERDUE
TRIBUTE TO THE STATE
Commander Bpoth-Tircker
Holds First Meetings on
His Return.: to California
*• .¦ ¦¦
Personnel of- Faculty for the
Sumnier Session of the
University Is Announced
Bark R. P. Eithet Buns Into
! Heavy Storm AVhich De
i stroys Starboard Bulwarks
FIERCE GALES
SWEEP DECKS
TELLS OF WORK
AND OF WIFE
MEN OF NOTE
WILL INSTRUCT
THE SAN ; FRAN CISCO % CALL,'; MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1904.
Movement of Steamers.
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the'order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coaat Survey charts, except when a minus < — )
sign precedes. the height, and then the number
riven is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
10
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE.
5& &*
On MONDAY, April 4. at II o'clock, at 615
Ellis St.. by order of the Hon. E. E. Echmltz.
MaJ-or, I will sella lot of condemned Fire De-
partment horses nnd about 40 head of good
wagon and driving horses and a handsome,
well-matched team of very fast pacers, 8 and
7 years old. No limit. No reserve. This
stock must be sold. Phone East . 743. S. .
WATKINS. Auctioneer.
TO BE AUCTIONED OPP TTJESDAT.
' APRIL 5.
At 11 a. m.. 1140 FOLSOM ST.
48 GOOD WORK and DRIVING HORSES,
with harness, includins a fine span of blacks,
large truck horses, fine buggy and work, horsee.
camp •wason?, buggies, surrsys. carts and
vehicles of every description. To be sold by
order of Stockton Improvement Company.
/ WM. CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
£» Jk*"
AUCTION SALE at ARCADE HORSE MAIt-
KET, 3117 SIXTH ST. WEDNESDAY. April 6.
at 11 a. m.. I will sell 6o head of good worlc
horses. JOHN J- DOYLE. Auctioneer.
OCEAN TKAVEL.
yilr"^JS\. St«amers le«.v« Broadway
y^V^-Sjiv wharves. Piers 9 and 11,
fyfyK' • San Francisco.
("vl^tl'rl For Ketchikan. Wrangel,.
I / \W*!*Z I I Junenu, Hain-s, Pkaguay,
I \ llua / etc., Alaska — 11 a. m.. Apr.
\*^ \\ IV / ft - 10 - 16 ' 20 - 25 - C0 - May 5 -
VVvV^^/Ov Change to Company's eteam-
>5^TSW^/ er8 at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townseni!, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Bel-
linghnm — 11 a., m.. Apr. B, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30.
May 5. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P, Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P.
Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt. Bay> — Pomona. 1 :30
P..m., Apr. 4, 10, 16. 22. 2R. May 4. Spokane.
1:30 p. m., Apr. 1, 7, 13. 10, 25. May 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Loa Angeles and j
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Roca. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m. '
For Loa Angeles • (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, Pan Simeon, Cayueos, Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Santa Cruz, 9 a. m., Apr. 19. (Freight only.)
Bonlta, 9 a. m.. Apr. 6. 13, 21, 29, May T. i
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, .La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Ilex.), 10 a. in.. 7th each
month. For further information obtain folder. I
Klght is reserved to change steamers or eailing
dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharvea. Frelffht Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent. ;
10 Market st., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Sutter St.. will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312. ¦¦
NOME
—AND—
ST. MICHAEL
THE Al FAST
S. S. ST. PAUL
CAPTAIN C. B. LJNDQUIST,
(Carrying U. S. Malls.)
I-T.OM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT.
JUNE 2, ZL F*. 7VY.
Connecting with the Company'* Steamers for
Ali BERING SEA POINTS. and at St.
Michael with the Company's River Steamers
for Fairbanks and all points on KOYUKUK.
TANA N A and YUKON RIVERS.
For Freight and Passage Apply to
' SOBTHEBK COMMERCIAL CO.,
.628 Crosaley building. Cor. Mission and New
Montgomery sts., San Francisco. :• ¦
On R.& N. CO.
OREGON sails April 7. 17, 27. May T, 17
and 27. GEO. W. ELDER sails April 12, 22.
May 2, 12 and 22. Only steamship line to
PORTLAND, OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all uolnts East. Throush tickets
to all Dolnts. Steamer tickets include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear St., at
II a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen, Agt. Pass.
Dcpt., 1 Montgomery st.TC. CLIFFORD, Gen.
A cent Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st. >';¦ > v
A A A5>nl A C «" fA <""""• aUUOA, *t»
OCCaRIC&SXO. gsKaSK
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thur.. Apr. 14, 2 p. m.
S S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Apr. 2:;. 11 a.m.
S. S. ALAMKDA, for Honolulu, Apr. 23, 11 a.m.
I.D.SPBECBLS & BEOS. CO, Afl&JiCtot Office 643 Har-
m Si., FreteM Office 329 Mariet St., Pier 7, Pacific Si.
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TBAN9ATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j,^^. I
bailing every Thursday in.sfad of 4«Jj-Efl
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. >*tH3cr
North River, foot of Morton st. -
First class to lfavre, $«0 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & Co.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. Jan Francisco.
Tickets' sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare frd*^ *? a . Tij 1 - 6 . 30 . steftmer *'
Steamer GEN. FR1SBIE or MONT1CELLO—
9-45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo
7 a. m. 12:30 and 6 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday 7 a. m., 4:15 p. tn. Fare, BO cents.
Tel. Main 1508. Pier 2. Mlssion-st. dock.
HATCH BROS.
BArxWAY TRAVEL.
I CALIFORNIA
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO
| LEA VES DAILY
1 1 at 9:30 ». ra., through in 3 days,
I B with diner and all trapplng-g.
Other Santa Pe Trains:
7:30 a. m.1 for s^itton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p!m.j Merced . Hanford and Visalia.
4 -.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago. <
TICKET OPPZCES — 641 Market St. and
Perry' Depot. S. r. Also 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 South Pirst St.,
San Joae. - -
ffi^^tiiil] JP SAN RAFAEL,
||^H,^to|! ROSS VALLEY,
j^^^^^^' MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
I^^M^WS! Via Sausalito Perry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric
Depart from San Francaco Daily 7:00. 8:00
0:00, 10:C0, ll:0u a. m.. 12:20^ 1:4ft, 3:15. 4:13*
' 6:15, «:16, 7:00. 8:15, 10:2O, 11:15 p. m.
I FROM SAN FAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
i —Daily. 5:25, 0:35, 7:40. 8:U5. 9:35. 11:03 a.
I m., 12:20. 1:45. 2:55, 3:45. 4:45. 5:45. 6:45
¦ 8:45. 10:20 d. m.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN" FRAN-
; CISCO — Da.ly. R:45. 6:55, 7:52. S:35 0-55
1 11:20 a. m.. 12:35, 2:00. 3:15. 4:C5. 6:05. e:Oj'
I 7:05. 9:00, 10:33 p.m. .¦'.
; . THROUGH TRAINS.
1 8:00 a. m tlatly — Cazadero and way stations
I 5:15 p. m. week: days (Saturday excepted)—
I Tomalen and way 'stations. - . .
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
I nations. -
Sundays oaly — 10 a. m.. Point 'Reyes and
i way stations
TICKET OFFICE— G26 Market «t. "
FERRY — Union Depot, foot og Market «t.
IVIt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave fkSnalits F«rrr - .Arrive
S— Francbc* futtflUrkat*! San Frandaco
\V«ek Sun- m ' Snn- Week
Pa>"». daya j#f#flS3K_ <*»y Days.
«ll«ai»8:ooA fc"-i'«SS5* iaioaTr roT*Bi
•1:*6r 9:OO A E&H&&& l:3BH:i«,
ft:16j> 1O:OOa >:IOr S:(Or
.;.;¦;.' -, ii;»oa «tsop •:»•»
wttrtftirtsytr .-' V* M>s»sH¥ni»w0ja^
"ncm I ta& Mabjcst ST^(North Shore RailroaST
, mam \ ud &tnur» F«**t, Fog* Uxrfcac 3c
noflJlS TO LET — Pnra. fipd C"f'ra. I
¦ •'.*:: \ :i4 - rurni»hed roctn* ta let. !
;:::;>'• ave . U27- Kurnlshed rooms. J
rU£AT are.. Furr. : ?hed rooma to let.
Vl'KK, C2-— NewJy fu:niblied MtQUP roams, ea
KUlM or Single: :r3r.:ieti*: jurt op»r.«d. t
i'::T"K. S2£--yu!T; : .KheC room*. I
lTRiv. TSO — An att-ncV.re suits: n»«»fiern ; oen- j
'.jfil losttior; tertlemen prtferred; ree«on-
afc>.
T^CKTY-SLXUll. S3«;, in 2£:Fsion warm belt j
- 1 r.k-r room fcr »reT>t!»«tn«n: $5. j
LTvf T3EO WaTBB. 12^ tHAr, near Markei — «00 j
rw !.-*. ."r.o ii f 1 r.iB'.it. XI 75 lo $8 week; elcc- j
trl<- i'i" ••' <"<"> «*"»• runntrg winter In ever>'
rtom ; r 1 1» va lor. KaUl . - room ; free bus ; bagcapp.
r.OLr Houm. 202 Bixth— VU^otric Uctit la every
r.n;: lit vi fl a nirht; 7 V to $5 a week; j
..;»n e!S iilcht; ccnverient to all e*r*.
VALENCIA, 4<»— For rent, 2 unfurnished
rt-i/m*.-
VAN' NKSS. 2.18 — Neatly furnifhefl. tur.r.y front
note. ______^___—
VAN NTCSS ave., CIS — EJ*c*nt 'ront parlor*
e-A ac)oir.in»r suite tW oJflce or club.
VaYSmED —A wo?nan oermmnt fcr back
.rc-r-m: rent $7 imnth. Appiy 1088 Ml ** rto f^
V/lxr-HESTlZiTTiotel. 44 'H ft.. :»or Market—
Jfr«t >x»nveTiIrKt end r<?cp*cii *)!•-; Ta» rooms;
".*«¦ to $1 M right: $2 f> $5 *«*: elevator;
A T BRANCl7"o?n^~or The Ca:'. for the r»oertion |
rf adve— Uerr.or.t* «¦».! ».:b*cr:?:!c->« J-ae b<^»n t
op.'T,rd at IOC* Mr.rK»t »:.. opoosite Kifth. ;
Ope^i ur.t*! 11 p. m.
ATnirRTTSCanENTS!. ruijyrripMonn rsc*lv»4 at
¦".-.fi Branch office, err. |)uac-»« & Chvn-li *t«.
HOOMS A\U HOAHD. j
EDGEVEI!F. HOTKI.. '
TCI Eurh »t a^>o^<• Po«^.:i; eel«<t first- (
•-¦.»s» r*"*!^*^;!*: hotel: « % >gani?T furnlFhei I
e-4 t?.b>» <:r« >> J'TJ > ««»<^: el^ctrle lirht; flum j
v-a:»^d an-1 pr:\>-,f »>X':h>ti?-<« telephone* in •
• vcr roorr.- termi reaFnnable. :
B. aU CAItPIi Prop.
BOARD tor thr saimw* In *> ni--e p'Uate
h-n-.* Ir R«r. J^eandro; one hcur'« ride to
?nn KranOio; nil 'he fruit, v^ge-ables. but-
if eirr* and ehlefceBaj home rais<>d; accom- j
k *«HCMSaUloTa BJrst c!a«s «nd hem* like; rate* |
>^y raautomUft. Box «i70. CmXL '- \
BUUMCB toar<! in a pV««taTit rour.try horn? i
'n So'^n* <"oun»y nenr San Francisco. en1
o'^f:, to P#talunia: «3sily trsin and boat btv- j
¦ o»- rlinair- urFurratsed; trrn.s reasonable, j
.ftr* 4>«S?i. Call /bflSce.
:* "HOTEL IUT.T1MORE.
1«H5 VAN KI28S AVE.. NEAR GEAKT ET.
• RELCCT AND FIRST <'LASS.
PHoys rnivATn exctiange "oe. j
iVvAN. 32.", bet, -Tth and 2Sth— Large front I
or Imx-k parlor, with <-.r without board; home J
comfort; tiatli: prlvarte; trasonabl*". j
HOTTARO MIA- FiryT-f-las>s board with room.
*.r!*:1« or double. $4 M-C9 w«k: American j
family : how cooking; home comforts; piano. !
ROTE1< BLPMERE 41R Sutter— Sur.nv room*: i
'«..^l!ert tablr: from »«(•: single $25.
Of ATIKKLL. 142ft— Sunny r<x>n-.!«; private fam- !
*:ly: fc-«xl bosnl: bath, phone. i
TME 1-AKE. 2O Turk pt.— Suite* and single j
r»«5m*. with Jinard; prices reasor^ble.
\»s NESS n\e.. 1714 — El"?aitly furnished
Bruttea with bathy; also f ingle: homelike.
I'HVSICIAXS A\D Sl'BGEOX«.
Ua C C. ODONNELL— Office and residence.
K21H Market ft., bet. Cth and 7th; partlcu-
Hft attention paid to direases cf women.
V.UOOiy ekin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1O73H Market »t. i
nF.ilOVFD— DR. WONG HIM. lietb doctor:
mats ell dli«"as*« cf the human b^jdy; for :
js^t four yesrs at 115-117 Mason; now lo- |
¦.a'.ed at 6C7 G^sry «i.. rear Leavenv.-orth.
pi. TONG rO CHT. EUccesKor to Dr. Li Tj
Ta!. h»rb doctor, curfs all <i;srasos of liutnan
by us<» of herbs and t*a? T«7 Washington st. •
W uNG WOO. the.famoufc herb doctor— All <!!*- j
case* cured by Chinese herb* VSfS Cay at. j
jtBtyneo machinks ami si i>pi.it:«*. •
A'l' half Dftoa or l«-i=» you <an buy :; n~v j
AolM w.vi:ig Tiia'liin" that i? plishtly ishop- j
" «-^rn tX our city orrw?. -*tO Poafl y;., 1S11 )
I iilmore pnd 7i* Val-mia.
lit; NT th" rx-yt; are have l«:f> our White iiew-
in« matchinea for rent s>t $1! i^r month.
\»ilITf: SKWING ICAOUKB CO.. 30l» Post
?t.. tPl*>Dhone Blark tif.t',.
4>OMI^TIC— The machine for family use:
brrT If cheappFt: second-hand s!i makes at •
acy Drtce: all kinds rented lowest rates, j
Tcwstfc offW. It'Cl Market, near Sixth. :
NKTV HOME— Kee our new trl»le-feed ms-
•.fhiies; ellghtly u*ed: Slfl. $15. $20: second-
Vsnd. $3. S.\ *X: «"¦! *tyle«: fiiarant^cil New
Tfnmp M»'Mp» i.'n.. 1'iM Market «t.
srnciALisTs.
J-ATARIUi. DKARCCES J«nd NOISES In KAKS
I • positively tur»:d; new iM<>!hod>: 1 week's treat- i
,' tvnt lr*e Dr. OrtZiacbam. 204 Sutter «t.
SLOT MACHI\E5.
Elot lti»ol;iiif», *2T>; puatliPrF J25; lirtetT. c^rd
r,R<-hin^^,»2<>. \V. A. Bradford ro..HM> Markft.
fcTL-TTEniXG^^AXD^ STAMMEttlXG.
MHLtSOURNE IttFtitutf. Van Npi«b & Market]
« frutnly^b cure If in fair health; hours 1 to 5.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— TIuTgi ANT P( IWDER i
»XiMl'ANY, i on.— A dividend. No. 04. of fifty I
c*nts «50c) i>er share on th? issued capital
stock <jf the company has >>een declared pay- i
at the officv of the company, rjoins 2u"* i
2W and 206 Ha.ward building, San Francisco' '
on April ii. 1904. Tratisl>r bonka close Aprii I
. 4. liXK. at noon. C. C. QUINN. Secretary.
CAN* FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build- |
Ing Sciety. 5th Ooor, Mutual Savings Bank !
huiliJlng. 708 Market Pt.. opposite Third —
For the half y»ar ending 31st of December, !
l»03, a dividend has be«-u declared at the
:ate tx»r annum of (12> twelve per cent otj '
< a pita! Ftock and participating certificates,
• :t*+ of taxes, payable on and «fter SATT'R-
!»AY. January 2, l!»04. JOSEPH A. LEON-
. .MID, Managsr. HUGH <;RAIG, Kecretarj-.
UTVIDEND notice — Office of Sierra Railway
Company Of Olifornla, room 223 Crock«r
>-i-jllding. San Francisco, Cal., April 1, 1904.
<.«upcn No. 14, due April 12. 1IKH. from erst,']
rrrrtsrage 6 pr cent bonds of Sierra Railway
' omjiiny of California will be paid at the t
TlFCiU BRpncy of this company, the Crocker-
t\"«vjl worth National Bank, on an.l after that
«1atr. P. D FRKSHMAJf. Trf-a^urr.
PROP<ISALS. — _
CUSTOM -HOUSE. San FranciJK»T~Marcn"^l~ I
1SN»4. — Notice — Certain goods rematninn—Dne '
y«>ar in bonded warehouse will be sold «t I
THiblic auctlcn at the rnitod State* Apprais-
er's, store on April 26. ji^^, at 10 o'clock
a. in. Descriptive catalogues can be bad nt
tlie Custcm-house on April 18. 1904. or at the '
' time ard place of Eale. F. S. ETR.ATTON,
« '"ollector.
EIRTHS—MAERIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, tnarrlege ar.d death notice* sect by
mull will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in «t either of the publication offices and b«
indorsed with the name end residence of per- j
i»n« authorized to h*ve the came published. !
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the evert ere published once in this column !
*I ree of charge. • ;
BORN.
VOV GLAinC— In this city April 3, 1904, to j
the T.-!fe cf Gcorjre von Glahn. a daughter, j
MAKKIED.
PETHRSEN — MULROO.VEY — In Frullval* j
April 2. 1H*. by the R.v. Franlzlln Hhoda. !
Chrisilan L. P'trriien of San Franciaco and !
Adelaide K. Mulroony of Frultva'e.
DIK1K
Arn^trop«. B^rtba Norton Hor.ry L.
ItesemaUM:. Mrs. F. O'Nei'.I William J.'
ntoc!:. P*ul O"D^a ! 2Ji<iael
Olarl;. r:n.Ily J'aimtr. Tlioman J.
Vaber. Ciiarlos J. F-civ.croy. Mrs. ilary
Kumpf, Jacob i>iijy. llaroclla
i»ckv Josiah Roney. Mary E.
tjynttb. Mcry Pt John, llesfr A. '
McGf. Mar> N. Palih. Oner W. -
McNally. Franors Tspk*n Fr-»d«-rlclc
Norris. Michael \.iillams. r;jl!!j> a.
ARMSTRONG— In Itin city. April ?,. 1904. Miss
n^rtha C. ArmEtrcnc. dearly beloved I
daughter of the late J. G. and Amanda A.
ArmstTDHK. and bister of Mrs. J. P. Hayden.
J.Iry. ti. LandEtrom. Sirs. G. Crocker. Mrs.
W. Tohnaa. Mr*. F. Lladblade and G. and
K. Arrastrongr. * native of California.
DESHMANN— At rest, in Uiis "city April 3. j
J!«M. Mr*. Frledm B*ser.iar.n. be!o»cd wife j
<i'. tn» late Detrich Be»emacn. and beloved
mother a* '*VIlIiaro Besemann. Mrs. M.
1- ur|-...-rt. Mir. Joe Hammer and ilrs. Henry
s< ;iorT!EUieircer. a native of Germany, aged
>'¦' yrr.« C niustb# and 22 daj'«.
i;:OCK— la thin city. March 3L 1004, Paul
»;itKk. a r.ati\-e of Pennsylvania, eged 50 \
C7"n<-ira!r;« at the chap*! of Charles II. J.
T:-viin»n & «"<».. IJi01> Mission ctreet. b-twvrtn
Fifteenth T.d ClT\»fT>i.U. Interment will take
platH; !n l'ennrylvanla.
•iAJlK-la ttl» city. Apra 2. 1304, Emllx, tot- «
V«a^^*V <«•«¦ L!ne - Ferry P e?0 *
>^Cjjf/ rout af M»rkel street ,
7-JOa N'lfe 0 .. LlvSmore. Tr*cy. L.thn.o. ;
Ooihen Jnnctlon. Hanford.
Vlsslla. Bakersflet.l .."•¦ * bB '
8 JO* Klles, Saa Jo»e. Ll»ermore. Stock-
tin. (tMflton). lone. Sacrsmesto.
Piacerrine. Marysvllle. Cttcw.
Red BlolT - jz- 4 ZBP
830* Oaicdale. Chinese.- JsmefitowD. bo-
nor». Tnolmune .n.l Angels...- 420r
tOO* Atlantic Express— Oudensnd £«»,.. II. ZO*
8.30i Richmond. Martinez »n<l -**T g _ Qf
1000a The Oyerland" LtHitVed — ujtdeo.
UWU Wearer. Omsha. Chicago. 6 20r
1000* Vallejo™ i,--; '? zu *
10.00* Loi Aoeele. Pai sender — Vo. i
Co*ta. Mnrtlnez, Byron, irncy.
I,nthr<»p. S toe t ton. 51ercea,
R »ymon«l. Fre»no. Ooshen .Jone-
t'on. llanford. Lemoore. > Isaliv
BclcersCrld. Los Angele* ....... 7.20'
1f.00« Hayward. Nile* and Way Statlonj. 3 20?
if.OOr B«crmneBtoKlTcrStesmer» ...f 11-00*
3.30* Benlda. Winter*. S«cr»mento.
Woodland. Knight* L«odl««f.
MarynTllle, Orovllle and «»/ 1(J 53#
5.30* Hiiywa O r°.iinei'a'nd'wVy Stiition*.. 7-20*
3.30* Fort Co«tm. Marti ac?, Kyron.
Tr«ey. Lathrop. Mode* to.
Mere*!. Fresno »ad Way 8tv
Uons beyond Tort Co«ta ... 12 20F
8 30* Mirrlnei. Tracy, Stockton. I.o«JJ... lOCCk
4 00* Martinei.San Ramon. VaIltjG.Napa.
Call»toga.S<»ntiiRo«« 8 20*
4.00* Ntlea, Tracy. Stockton. Lodi ...... 4-20*
4 30* Hayw«rd. Nile*. Irrtngton. Sun} '3 5C»
Jote. Ll»ermore > tl I.5J»
64)0* The Owl Limited— Sewmin. I-o<
Btnon. Mendou*. Freino. Tolare.
Btkenoeld. Los Angeles.
Golden State Limited Sleeper.
Oakland to Los Angele*. for Chi-
cago. Tla C. R. I- * P a.50*
64J0r Port Coita. Tracy. Stockton '? 2 2 P
t6.30r Haywsrd. Niles and Saa Joae 720*
84)0* Hayward. Nile* »ad Sjn Jot*. 950*
H.GOf Kastern Express— OrVo- I'enrer.
Omaha, St. Loal*. tnlt«K9 and
East.- Port Costa. Benlcta/ Kal-
ian, Elmtrs, Davl*. Sacrmnento,
Rocklln. Auburn, Colfax,
Trnckee. Boca. Kano. Wad*
worth, winaemucca 5 28*
S.00* Vallejo. daily, except Sunday J 7 BOr
7-00* Vatlejo. Sunday only t •¦--*
7.D0* Richmond. Sac Pablo, Port Costa.
Martinez and Way Station* 11.20a
i.CSr Oregon it California Kxprep*— Sac-
ramento, MarytTllle. Be.ldiag.
Portland. Ptiget fioucd and £¦««:. 150*
1.10* Hay ward, Nile* and San Jose (baa-
ilayonly) 11-SB*
COAST LI N E <r.arr«.»» UAagej.
(Foot of Market Street.)
8.1 %a Newark, Ceaierrllle. Sao Joae. .
Felton. Boulder Creek. Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 6-S3*
t2.15* Hewark, CenterrUle. Ssn Jote,
New Almaden.Lo* Gato«.Fe:toa.
Boolder Creek. Santa Cru* sad
Principal Way Station* tl<) 55*
4.18r Newark. San Joae. LotUato* and I t3-S3 *
way st»tioB« a. JMOBS*
•940* Banter* Trala. Satorday ocly. Saa
Joae nnd Way Siatloni. Retarn-
Ipg from Lo« G»t"» Suciiiy tfn\j 17 28*
. OAKLAND HARBOWFERRY.
From SAN t KANCISCO. (out <>f Market at. (Sl!»<»
-t7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1C0 3X0 5.15*.*
From OAKLAND, Foot of liro»d««j-'n".i ti:M
I8:U5 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2.00 4 CO r.M.
COAST LINE (HriMU «i*H U 'e).
I2f*>Tblrd »n'i T.<-.Tniiend Street*.)
"••10* San Joae and Wa» Station? S.SOr
700* Ban Jone itod Way s>ta;Ionii... 5.38*
8.00* New Almadrn (Tue».. FrM.. inly). 4.10*
V.QO* The Coaster — Stop* only baa Juio,
Gllroy (connection 'for Ho'ii!*-
ter). Pajoro. Ca<iroTll!e (cos-
¦eetlon to and (na Monterey
and Pac!3e Orove). Salinas. Sasj
Ardo. Paso Koi>>». Santa Mar-
garita, San LcU Oblsp<>. principal
•tatlon* tnence Surf 'rcr.nrcr.ea
for Lompoc), principal trjttt.ia*
thence Santa Barbara, San ,i:ica.»-
Tentnra. Sscsas. Lo* Aaceles... 10-4S*
8. CO* tea Jo*e, Tres Pino*. t'*?itol*.
dantaCrnz.PnclacOrove.Siilini*,
San Lull Oblspo and Principal
Way Station* „ - 4-13*
10.20* Saa Jote and War Station* 1.20?
11-40* Santa Clara, ban Joae. Loa <iato*
and Way .station* '.30?
1-J0f 8anJo*e a/ul War Stations • 38*
I COr Del llonte Exprras— Santa Clara,
8*D Jo*f>, I)*l Mnnte. Monterey.
Pact&c Qruve (connects st Santa
Clara for Ss.nta Crnz. Honlder
Creek and Narrow Gauze Poiau)
¦t Gllroy for Holiiiter. Tres
Ptao». at Ca»tr*»Tille for SaKnaa. 12 15*
J-SO* Tre* Pino* War Pasaenirer 10 45*
50* Ban Jose and \Tay Stations. ? 2.02*
tS OOr San Joie. <n» Santa Clara) Los
Gato*. *r. I Principal Wa? Sta- -
Uom (except Sunday) t900*'
i&30f Ean Joie and Principal Way ataUon*' 19.40*
6.C0* bnoset UaslteiJ.— Keyword. Kaa
Jose. OI!rny. t >alln»i.P»sol:ol>»,
San Lnla Oblapo. Saat/» Barhar*.
Lo* ADcrlei. Oeminz. h.1 Paso.
Kew Orle«n*. Sr» Tork. Con-
nect* at Pajaro for Santa Crux
and at CastroTilla for PaclH*
GroTe and Way Station* 7-10»
tt -16* £auMiteo.Bere«forrt.Belrao3t.?«
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oats.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tfl.-M a
8 30* £an Jose and Way Station*......... S 33*
8-QOr Palo Alto and Way Station*....... 13.13*.
il.AUr bouth8an Francisco. JIlllbr»e, Bnr-
Uacarae. San Mateo. B^:mont. •'
San Carlos. Bedwood, Pair Oaka,
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto 8.43*
•11 .M* lUyfleld, licmtaln View. Snony-
rale, lawreace, Santa Clara and
BanJwe V».4ir
A for llornlnf. P t vr A t ternoom. ~~~"
1 Sunday excepied. t Bandar only
« Batordaj only.
I Stops at all ttattoa* on Sunday.
WOnly trains ttoypinjt at Valencia 8t.*o«tQn««-w]
»re6:WA.lu,7:»t>Aj»^ll:aO*.Bt..S:aO» r.-.*:Xr^t.cj.4
l:«PJt
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
, SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY C0MPAN7.
Tiburoa Perry, Foot of Market Street.
sazt FztAxrcxsco to sait eafaeiu
WEEK DAYS — 7:3O 9:00. U:(X>a m. ; 1U:S4
3:30. S:10. 6:S0 p. ni. Thursdays— Extra Ui?
at 11:30 p. m. '
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m .
SUNDAYS— 8:0O. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; l:Ut\
3:30. 6 :C0. 6:20. 11:30 p. in.
SAN EAFAEL TO SAD" FSAI7CZSC0.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05. 7::;5 7:0o 0:2t>. 11:15
a. n.; 12:50. a:40. 0:00. 5:":0n. in.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — S:CO. »;40. 11:15 a. m.; l:40t
3:10. 4:55. 5:05, C:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect j Arrive
San Francisco.| Sept. 27. 1003. |San Francisco.
"Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week'
Days. 1 days. \ tlon. | days. | Days.
~7:30a 8:00 a ~ " " 9:10 a! 8:»o1a
0:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 aJlO^O a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:O5piti;2Op
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p|
7:30 a " oTro"a|~sT40»
8:00 a Nova to, 10:40 a! 10:20 a
3:30 p 0:50 a Petaluma B:O5 p 6:2u ?
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
8:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a ~ |10:40 «T 10:20 a
S:00a Fulton. I 7:35 p ti:«yp
3:30 p 3:30p |
--¦'¦¦<¦•:' j Windsor, ¦
7:30 a S:00a Ileakipburgr, 10:40 a 10:20 a
; Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville, 7:25 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30a 8:C0a Ilopland 10:40a 10:20*
3:30 p 3:3Gp| and Uklah. , -7:30 p B.'JOp
7:30 aj S -C0a| wmlta, |7:3opt6T2^p
7:30aj S:COaI 110:40 a!10:20~a
3:30 p[ 3:30 p| Currneville. | .7:35 p| 4:20 p
7:30a| 8:<X>a| Sonoma. I 0:10a| 8:40a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Kllen. | C.05 p| 6:UO i>
7:30a| 8:00 al 110:40 a|lO:20«i
5:30 pt 3:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:35 p| B:2Op
STAGES connect at .Green Brae for San
Qucntln. at Santa Rosa for Wblte Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark Weil
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
Eerville for &kag?s Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Booneville. and Greenwood; at
Ilopland for Duncan Springs,' Highland Springs
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and.Hartlett Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo
Potter Valley. John Day'a. Riverside LierlyV
Bucknells. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr"a
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptcbe. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City Fort Brag -
West Point/- Usal; at WUHts* for Fort Bragg!
Westport. Sherwood, Cabto. _,Covelo. - Layton-
vllle. Cummlngs. Bell'a Springs, .Harris. Ol-
*en's, ' Dyer. . GartMervllle, . Pepyerwood. Scotia
and Eureka. - '
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced .' rates. . \ -
.On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket of aces. 630, Market street, Chronic!*
bulldinr.TOEnSKcfHKjlaMMj HMMM
U. C. WHITING. R.'X. RTAM
Gen. Uaxias» ' -«en. Paaa. Act.
loved wife of Robert C!ark. and mother of
Mrs. Heary Xaholelua and Alice. Marlon,
Kilzabeth. Alfred and Robert CltrK. a r.atlve
I cf Kent. England, aged (-9 years 3 raontns
i and ft da; ?
(CTFrlcndF and uraualntances ar- refpec-
fully in\-ited to attend the funeral to-day
Odonday), ct 2 c-VlocV. Ircm her late rer\-
deace, 3744 Seventeenth street, thence by
electric funeral car Trcni corner of Ei«nt-
B»-nth and Guerrer" streets at 2:30.0 cIock.
Interment Cypress Lawn Ometery.
1 FA BEIT— In this rltv April 3. 1904 Oharles
J Kaber beloved eon of Jc.«eph and tbe late
Minna Fsber. and brother or George I e.er.
William and Annie Kaber. Mrs. E. J. &**«&•
Mr» H. Jnokson. Mrs. A. Roussey and Urn.
E. King a native o? San Francisco, cal.
aC'd 34 yrars and 4 months.
CT Friend j aj.d acquaintance* .are respect-
| fullv invited to attend the fune»«l Tuesday.
! April T> 1004 at 1 o'clock, from his lat«
I resfdetx^ M ' Valparaiso street. Interment
! Odd rcllows 1 Cemet-rj-, wher» the service*
Trill be held.
KI'MI'F— In the City and County Hospital.
/nil 3, 1904. Jacob Kumpf. a natlv* of
Ocrtnasy. aged 25 years.
LOCKE— In thi* rity. April 2. 1304. Joslah
Hannibal. bMoved husband of Carrie A.
I*c~kf and father of Horae« N. Ix>cke. Mrs.
H Nelson and Mrs. H D. C. Feusier. a
native of Lyman. New Hampshire, aged 72
vean» 9 months and 26 day*.
CTTriend* and acquaintancM are respect-
fully Invited t«> a.ttend tha funeral to-morrow
rruesday) «t 11 "o'clock from his late resl-
der.c SI 9 Grcve street. Interment private.
LTXOH— In this city. April S. 19C4. Mary,
dearly' beloved twin daughter of Jeremiah
and Mary EdrBCJi at;d «!«ter of James, Dan.
Annie. Mssurv-o sr.d Patrick Lynch, a native
of Mn Tir.:i' ifco, aged IS days.
M"<3EE— In tlii« city. April S. 1004. Mary N.>
belox-1 v.if« of the iate Kobert McGee. and
lovirg mother of John tti, James O. and
Mar>- Jane McGee. and sieter of C«orge
N>!son ard Mrs. Kate Weir, a native of
Londonderry Ireland.
tC?"}Yien«is nnd acqualntanr*? are r*spect-
fo.i'- !n\:;"d to ette.-.d the funeral TueEday.
April 5 at 8:80 o'clock, from her late resl-
drnee. &13 U>d<» Street, ilienc<? to St. Mary's
«j3t!icoral. where a requiem high macs will
br c-l>l>rated for the repose of h»r «oul.
rotnmencins «t 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
«'iuf! Cem<-tcrj-.
McNAI.U-ln tr.is city. Ari" 2. 1904. Francis,
brlov*c hUFhand of tlie late Mary McXally,
ar.d father of Thomaa t\. slames J. and
•TcS-n H. MtNallj. and Mrs. L. McCaffrey,
Mrs. J. ii. >n.ing. lire. Gtorge ».'. Winkltr
and litr. T. F. lxmgliran. a r.atiw of Ire-
!»r.<J. pfed ~i> yearn 11 months add 1 day.
<A!i New Ycik and «;hie»go papers pl^sn
cop^ . >
E^TTh* funeral will tak«. place to-day
• Moftday), al 8^0 o'clock. Irom hl« lat«
resiaen-Jr, 723 Harrison street, thence to St.
Row's Church. Brannan street, between
Fourth and Fifth, where a solemn requiem
high rr.ass will be celebrated for the repose
cf hi6 sou!, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy i*rcss Cemetery.
NORRIS — In this city. April 2. 1904, Michael
Norrif, beloved brother of the late David
O' Keefe, and cousin of Mrs. Margaret
O'Brien, a native of County Limerick, Ire-
land.
CTFrferd!! acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at f>:30 o'clock, frcm the parlors
cf Carew & English. 29 Van Ness avenue.
thenr« to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repese of his s-oul. commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Crow Cemtery.
NORTON— In thin city. April 3. 1904. Henry
Lawrence, beloved husband of Jenni* Nor-
ton, and father cf Adah Doras and Mar-
rhelle Norton, a native of Minnesota, aged
f>7 years.
ODEA— In thi^ city. April S. 1904. Michael,
Moved husband of tlie late Catherine O'Dea.
and loving father of the late Margaret
O'Dra, a native of County Galway. Ireland,
aged 07 yrare.
pTThe funeral will take plaoe to-morrow
? Tuesday), at N:16 o'clock, from the re«i-
drn<-e of Ms niece. Mrs. James Dunning.
215' j Arkanras street, between ' Maripcaa.
and Kighteenth, thenc* to St. Teresa's
Church, where a requlrrn high mam will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
roen. ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Ometery.
O'NEILL— At Copley. Cal., March 31, 1904,
Williim J.. dearly beloved husband of Ida
O'Neill, father of Mr*. M. Collins, brother
of Frar.k J. n:id Vincent O'Neill nnd Mif.
M. Hudson. pon-tn-Iaw of the late Mrs. Dela
Murmy o! Sacramento. ltrother-ln-law • of
Janit « and William Murray and Mrs. Ada
Mooney and uncle of Mrs. Idaline Mooney.
a native of California, aped 45 years and 2i)
«iaye. A memher of Encinal Camp. W. O.
\\\. Alameda. Cal.
tyi'riendf arid acquaintance? are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
April 4. at 9:15 o'clock, from hl« late
residence, C22 Hayes street, thence to Ht.
Ifrnatius Church, on Hayes street, between
Franklin street and Van Ness avenue,
where a requiem high mass will be salu
for the repose of his soul at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PALMER— In this city. April 2, 1804, Thomas
Jeffereon Palmer, beloved husband of Annie
Palmer, and father of Charles E.. Henry L.,
Kdith L. and Thomas W. PalmVr. a native
of New Tork, aKed 31 years 4 months and
" days. A« member of Fidelity Lodge No.
13ii, A. O. D. W. • •*
CirFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
April 5. at 10:30 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Cora-
jmny. 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment O-preR* Lawn Cemetery-
RiMEKOY-ln this < ity. April 1. 1904. Mr*.
Mary A. Pomeroy. widow of the late David
Pomeroy, a native of New York, aged 75
years.
C3T Friends are respectfully invited lo at-
trr.d the funeral to-day (Monday), at 10
o'clock, from her late residence, 323 Fall
Ot>k? street, near Twenty-fourth. Interment
private.
KE1DV— In this city. April 1. 19O4. Marcella,
beloved wi«e ot Jrhn Reldy. and loving
mother of Annie and Richard Reidy. a na-
me of County Waterford, Ireland, aged 54
> ears.
CTKriendti and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
April 4. from her late residence. 1506 Ken-
tucky Ftreet. thence to St. Teresa's Church,
where a 'solemn requiem high mats will be
celebrated fcr the reDO»u» of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crosj Cemetery.
i RONET— In tliis city. April 2. 1904. Mary E..
beloved wife of Frederic S. Roney. and
mother of Ethel and Frank Roney. a native
of Massachusetts, aged 37 years and 6 days.
C7"Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fulry invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
i iTues'izyl. April fi. at 10 o'clock, from her
late residence. 1721 % Mission street, be-
tween Thirteenth and Fourteenth. Inter-
merit Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city, April 2. 1304. Oner W.
Fmith. a native of Iowa, aged 27 years. A
member of Brotherhood of Teamsters.
STTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
pt the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7C7
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
ST. JOHN— In this city. April 2. J9O4, Hester
A. St. John, relict of B. G. St. John, and
mother of Mrs. C. II. Smitten, Mrs. L. W.
Smitten and Henry S. and Arthur B. • St.
John, born in Setauket, Long Island, Janu-
ary 6. 1S2L.
', E7" Funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 11
I o'clock. frcm Westminster Presbyterian
<*hurch, corner Page ani Webster streets.
Interrrent private. Please omit flowers.
TAPKKX— In this city, April 2. 1904, Fred-
i erick W. Tapken. beloved husband of
j Anna II. Tapken a native of Bremerbaver,
1 Germany, agrd 64 years 5 months and 13
| «1ays. A member of Court Hubertus No. 15.
f. cf A.. Lorely Cnterstutzungs Vereln and
Vereln Kintracht.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
4 Tuesday) April 5, at 2 o'clock from
Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter street, between
Stockton end Powell. Remains at the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
! n:ent Odd Fellows* Cemetery. ;
I WILLIAMS— In New Tork. March 30, 1901.
Philip Alston, beloved son of Therese A. and
the late Henry WIlMarr.s, and brother of
H. A. Williams, aged 31 years 10 months
and 20 days.
I JCTNotfce of funeral hereafter. *
j _
; James McGinn. Benry Hansen. I
i JAMES MeGINN & CO.. 1
Fojtnerly With McGinn Bros.. I
Funeral Directors and Embalmsn I
I 214 Eddy St.: Tel. South S7q. |Billy, Hunn has a colored champion
tointroduce at the ¦ amateur bouts- of
the Bay City. Athletic Club on Wed
nesday night in the person \ of Arthur
Oliver, a 148-pounder, who is-to meet
Jerry . Sinclair. - The j unbeaten" -Mike
Synfyjwill also furnish a portion of
the card at ¦ the -Mechanics' Pavilion
annex against. Harry ,'Thulsen; . from
whom'ihe gained "a hair-line- decision
some:.weeks ago. Reserved v for . the
wind-up^ will be - Dick' ; Hyland^- and
Charlie. Dunn, - ; a, likely, pair, of!young
sters ".who seem /.well ¦ matched.^. • Joe
Kelly will 'open ¦¦ the show;, with: George
Henry and? Patsy McGee .will' next
meet-Dan Lynch. ., ..
Bay City Club Boxing.
Stolen base — Brashear. '. Errors— McLaoghlln,
Seattle— I Tacoma—
AB.R. H. P. A. li AB.R. H. I\ A.
VHltn.cf 2 0 0 1 0 j"a«ey,2b. 2 1- O 1 2
Mohlr,2b 3 0 0 12 tdyke.lb 5 12 13 2
t)lhty.3b. 4 u.ii- O 0 JicLfln.lf 4 1 1 0 1
I'rUk. If . 4 0 0 3 1 }.ynch.of 5 1110
IJruhr.lb. 3 1 «» 8'WiKgan, «i 3 1.3 0 4
t^mith.rf.. 1 . 0 1 1 IIlanvn.rf-3 0 0 2 0
U.Hall.sa 3 0 11 4 j hehn.Sb 3 0 1 2 y ,l
XVUson.c. 2 « 1 8 1 Hogan,c. 4 1 2,7 2
r.llall.p. 20 0 0 0 keefe, p.* 3 12 14
t:<-hock.p 1 0 l'O 0'
, : Totals. 32 7 12 27 16
Totals. 25 1 4 24 8
RUNS AND HITS BV INNINGS."
Taronu •« 0 0 O T. 0 2 JJ. x~ 7
Baw hits 2.0 1-250 2-0 x— 12
g^attio . ..::.« 100-00 o 0 0 — 1
liaise hltB ..' 0 2 0 1 0 0 0 ' 1 0^- 4
' SUMMARY.
FRESXO. April 3.— Seattle was out
of form to-day. Tacoma winning easily
by a score of 7 to 1. The. game was
close and Interesting 'till the fifth in
ning, when Hall was batted out of the
box. after Tacoma had pvd up five
runs. Schock was p«t on the hill for
Seattle, but it was too late. Again In
the seventh Inning Tacoma bunched a
few hits and scored a couple more runs.
Keefe pitched for the "Tads" and play
ed a Ptar game. His three-base hit in
the seventh, which let two runs across
the plate, was greeted with enthusi
asm. He is now the favorite of Taco
ma's pitching staff. Score:
HALL BATTED OUT OF. BOX.
First race — Zenonian, Northwest, Lady
Athellng". ,
" ! Second race — Del > Carina, Mildred B,
Marie J. . -
' Third race — Cousin Carrie, Shell
Mount, Colonel -Van. y
.Fourth rac* — Constellator, Polonin»,
Cloclie d'Or.
Fifth race — Diviaa, Carat, Ben Mao-
Dhui. '
Sixth race-^-Pierce , J, Bey. Dare, Tom
Slavin.
V PK0BABI.E WINNERS..
ftCXS AND HITS BT I.VXIXGS.
OaKland .- J }J J \ % \ ? JZx!
Kv*- nits « * •• * o o o 0 _ 2
-S2FS5Z:£ * ? ¦ '¦ - l ' ? 5
EL'MMART.
lilts— wn»i»n, *^' J l n Fran
.%. off M«klrn«n -. U»«" B Whalen
not hold them all. The game was a
coofl one to look at. both teams play
ing ball all the time. Oakland hit
Jimmy Whalen for thirteen safe ones
and that tells the story of the victory.
Dr Moskiman managed to keep his
nine hits well scattered and only two
runs resulted. The score:
«.„ Francisco- °*** n «£ n . „. PA .
TVIdm.cf 4" « 0 5 «• Ganly.rf 4 O 1 1 O
in^hri if 4 O 2 2 0Krncki,M « O 0 4 .»
Irwlnib R 1 1 3 « Dnlvy.cf 4 3 12 1
Wfc^P J _1 J J)!M«k«n.pJ _1 J J* _0
Total*.M 2 » 27 fll ToUU.M 5 13 27 15
The Oakland grounds were packed
to the limit during the morning game.
Every one In the town wanted to see
Peter's crowd perform for the first
lime and consequently the place could
Fans Gather at Oakland.
Up to date thirty-four entries ; have
been filed. Only six foreign contestants
have thus far entered, including : M."
Santos Duraont and M. Lflbaudy.
ST. LOUIS, April 3.— The World'o
Fair management has announced the
following changes in the rules govern
ing the airship contest:
The minimum speed required in the
race for the grand prize of $100,000 is
1S% miles an hour, instead of 20 miles.
Formal entries will be received until
June 1 instead of May 1.
The prize for the highest altitude at
tained Is withdrawn because of the
great danger in such contests.
There will be. only eight races' for.
spherical balloons instead of ten, and
they will begin the first Monday in
June. There will be no races in May.
Prizes of cuds, medals and other
trophies are offered for amateur bal
loon races, to . be held the second and
fourth Mondays in September.
The exposition company will furnish
free hydrogen gas for all contestants.
' Foreign contestants may ship their
apparatus direct to St. Louis, thus es
caping the customs inspection at the
coast. Arrangements have been made
with the Government to permit the
balloons to leave the fair grounds" in
races, but they must' be returned un
less wrecked, as the grounds are a
Government bonded warehouse.'
Kules Adoi)ted by Exposition
Management Governing
the Aerial Contests urJiine
Fitzgerald can defeat many men in
this country, but he will } never, defeat
Egan, as he lacks strength and staying
powers. Both s men > are , in - a^ class by
themselves.; They; are ".- extremely." fast
and^use :both" hands -with the skill of
experts. v - '"* '¦¦' ¦," ' ',:' ' •'
.' Fitzgerald wants .'a return /match',
and it is hoped it, can be arranged. ,The
pair will ; play, r a " series of : . exhibition
gamesy for. the ' edification t of the ¦ mem
bers of the Olympic Club, who havejnot
seen them: in' action.'/ '¦ l\\- ,'.' r -?,~-
¦ y The scores yesterday were as follows:
Michael '¦ Egan IP— 21— 21 .
James - Fitzgerald .".'.: . ; . . .'. . . .: . . ; . . . 21—1 1—1
J. Condon a'nd T. Leech. ...:....:. ..21— 3— 21
L., Levy and; H; Cory. .'.". .". . .'."...: . .'. .8—21—13
! On ; the previous) Sunday; Egan : won
six out : of the seven .'games, played. -In
order \ to win > the > best 1 eight . out v of ; fif - ;
teen games.* Egan ' had * to - capture * two
more vyesterday.'l - The' r champion not
only/ secures 5 the ..title, but * wins the
entire - gate receipts, , • amounting • to
nearly.?800.' ~ ' . -' r; / '
The regular, monthly shoot of the
California Wing Club was held yes
terday at the San Francisco Trap
shooters' Association grounds at In
gleside. The day was a perfect one
for pigeon shooting and the birds were
unusually swift. The scores follow:- \
Twelve-bird, club match. Naumann
12, Sylvester 12. Bekeart 11, Gibson
11, Feudner 11, Dwyer 11,' Barker 10,
Murdock 10, Wood^lO, Haight 10;
Shields 10, Hansen 10, Golcher 9,
Roos 9, McConnell. 9, Bermingham 9,
Donahue 9, Derby 9, King (visitor) 9,
Turner .9, "Walsh 8, Slade 8, Laing 8,
Cqleman 8, : Leavitt 6.
The six-bird contest resulted as fol
lows: Walsh 6, Feudner, 6, Barker 6,
Naumann 6, . Haight < 6, Hansen "6,
Dwyer 6, Gibson 5, Sylvester ¦ 5, Wood
5, Laing 5, Shields 5; Coleman 5, King
4, DonaKue 4, Derby 4, Bermingham
3, Leavitt 1, Fay 6.
men two things are noticeable. H First,
Egan possesses I abnormal strength ; and
can- hit the bair.with .: either 'hand, and
from any position, but " he "lacks the
ability to use his brain. To the on
looker it appeared as If the, champion
believed in trip-hammer, bio. ws to offset
the science and pretty playing of Fitz
gerald. \ On : the ¦ other hand, " Fitzgerald
had more direction; to; his returns. and
almost every ; point he ¦¦' made : in r close
rallies. was' through his ability to place
the ball.
CALIFORNIA W1XG CLUB •
SHOOTS AT INGLESIDE
AIRSHIP RACES
AT THE FAIR
Scheutzen Park was well filled with
marksmen yesterday, the occasion be
ing the opening of the park for the
season. The competition at the pub
lic target; .was spirited and many
good scores were made. W. F. Hart
ter, , a comparatively new man on the
range, carried off the honors whh the
excellent score of 96 rings out- of; a
possible 100. - Adolph was
next highest with 95, followed by M.
F. Blasse and Otto Bremer with S3
each. SsSEBPfd
In the/competition of the California
Schuetzen Club F. ,E. Mason led all
his competitors with the good score of
221 rings in the first champion class.
In a private match* between F. E.
Mason, A. Strecker and P. Jacoby, the
latter was the winner by the narrow
margin of one ring.. Following are
the day's -scores:
Brehm Shooting FestiTal-^First prize, M.
Hartter, 9C rings out of possible 1O»: second,
A. Strecker, 05; third. A. Gehret, 94; fourth,
O. Bremer, 93; fifth. William Blasse. 03; sixth.
H. A Pape. 92; seventh, F. E. Mason. 92;'
eighth, M. Kolander, 91; ninth, F. • Attinger,
90; tenth. F. P. Schuster/ 90; eleventh. L.
Bendel 88; twelfth, Philo Jacoby, 88; thir
teenth. F. A. Kuhls, 87; fourteenth. J. T.
Carroll, 87; fifteenth, A. Rahwyler. 86; six
teenth, Rlchmuller Sr., 83; seventeenth. Louis
Thlerbach, 85; eighteenth. A." SchrumpIT, 84;'
nineteenth. - M.« Studer, 81; twentieth. O. Bur
meister, 80. *.
•¦ Most red flaga (3-inch bullseyes) in 20 shots
— M. Hartter 6,1 A." H. Pape «. A. Strecker «.
F. E. Mason 5. • A. Gehret 5, O. Bremer 5. M.
Kolander. 4. F. F. Schuster 4, P. Jacoby 3,
A. Rahwyler 3. F. A. Kuhls 3.
First bullseye forenoon. W. F. Blasse: last
bullseye f orenoon. F. . P. Schuster; first bulls
e*ye afternoon. A. Gehret; last bullseye of the
day. A. Gehret. "«
California Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
shoot: First champion class — F. E. Mason.
221; A. Gehret.- 211. 218; Otto Bremer. 217.
219 Second champion class— F. A. Kuhls. 19«;
A. Rahwyler. 204. 1S7;.J. L. Utschlg. 19;:, 103;
C. Meyer, 209, 197;. O. Burmelster, 170, ISO;
M. F. Blasse, 207, 206: P. Jacoby, 200; T.J.
Carroll. 212. 191. First class— Max . Kolander.
2C9; L. Bendel. 209; W. F. Bias*?. 211. TJl.
Second-Class — F. A. Schrumpff. 177. 184; F.
Attinger. 184, '178; A. Studer, 202, 194; M. F.
Hartter. 211; .A. Jungblut. 1*3, ISO;- John
Jones, 217. 202; J. ¦ C. Waller. 211. 182; L. J.
Reubold, 190. 219; O. Rlschmlller Jr.. 1S7. 207;
F.Scter. 178: A. von Wye. 170. Third cUss —
W. Nolden. 142, 15«: C. Sagehorn. 188. 192:
J. Strscb. 174, 200; H. Kuhls. 184. 1SW; -F.-C.
Hagerup. HO, lC«i: G. Rtschmiller Sr.. 1W,
212; Frank Rled« r - 177. 193; L. Thierbach. 19- J.
204; M. Reubold, 135. 193. Fourth class— G.
Ahrens. 167; C. von Hartwis, 171, 179; Wil
liam McCracken. 136. 167: F. J. Povey, 12^.
178; J. Boiler, ltt>, 1Q2; C. M. Rousseau. 173.
159;-' IJ. ' Remensperger. - 14P. :162: J. Gauner,
lfi. -Cadet* — W. Remensperger, 87, 136; R.
Mayrhofer, -. 115. :. 157. ' 1
¦ Vereln Elntracht.' ' monthly ¦ medal shoot :
Champion class— J. Jung 4C». F.* A:. Kohl* 117.
A.'von Hartwtg 341,-F. C. Haserup A: G.
Strop 33I>. First class — W. Ruhser 29.", O.
Thlelo 268. - J.~ Rohrer .TTC. Peccnd class— F.
Kggeling 338. O. Nagol 257. H. Shrooder 32U.
H Khwelffcr ; 24tf. Third class — F. '.Voght 223.
Best first 1 shot. ; F., A: Kuhl*.- 24 : last beat
shot,', H. Shroeder: Adam Brehm medal, F. C.
Hagerup. , ' . . . ,
* Grutli shooting section, monthly medal
shoot : Champion class— A. C. "- Gehret ,437. * G.
R ; Hauccr 3H5, T. slmmen ' 374: first class —
C\ Ha user 379: second class — E. Suter 335, O.
Imdorf 3ft4: third class— A. Gyaln r 200; ; ; kwt
center, A^ Studer. '"/.-', -"
W. F. Hartter Defeats Strecker,
Blassc and Other Experts.
NEW; RIFLEMAN A WONDER.
The series just closed was exceptional
in many respects. Out of the six games.
Portland took but one and in four of
the six the visiting team failed to score.
The total number of runs made by
Portland in six games was four. There
were no features in to-day's game
aside from the pitching of Newton.
Two hits only were made off his de
livery, one in the first and one in the
ninth, both being bunt* and both made
by McCrcedie. The last- one w-as a
scratch hit. McCreedie put a bunt
down thiFd base line which Smith al
lowed to roll, as it was going toward
the foul line. The ball struck a small
stone, however, and rolled fair and
McCreedie was credited with a hit.
Butler pitched winning ball, but the
champions bunched three of their six
hits in one inning and won the game
with a single run. Attendance, 6000-
Score: • ¦ -
Portland — ' Los Angeles —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Drnan.cf 4 0 O 1 1 Bernd.cf 4 0 1 2. 0
McCdcrf 4 0 2 10 Flood.2b 3 0 13 4
Nadu. If 4 © O 2 0 Smlth.3b 4 110-1
Castro.Fs 2 0 0 4 2 Ctavh.rf 4 0 110
Beck, 2b 2 0 O 1 1 Ross. If 2 0 0 0 0
premn.lb 3 0 0 6 1 Chase.lb 3 O 1 11 O
Frnc».3b 3 O O 4 OlToman.ss 3 0 0 3 2
|tlmn,c 2OO5 4|£pies. c 2 0 070
Butler.p 2 0 O 0 1 Newtn.p 3 0 1 0 S
•Thlmn. 10000
* Totals.2S 1 C 27 12
' Totals. 27 0 2 24 10
•Thielman batted for Butler.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Lou Angeles .. .,0 O 0 1 0 0 O 0 x— 1
Base hits 0 0 13 10 0 1 x— «
Portland 0 0 O O 0 0 0 0 0—0
Ba*e hits — 1,0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 — 2
SUMMARY.
Stolen base*— Bernard. Errors — B«>ck, Fran
cln. Two-base hit— Smith. Sacrifice hits —
Beck and Spies. Firet base on errors — Los An
geles 2. Left on basses — Los Angeles 5. Port
land 3. First ba»e on called balls — Off New
ton 2. off Butler 2. Struck out — By Newton
7, by Butler 3. Double play — Newton to To
man to Chase. Time of game — One hour 20
min. Umpire — O'Connell. ' . '
First race— Six furlongs;, three-year-olds;
Ecllin::: *
;... •Ursullne Sister (Burke) »5
(6SO8) Jack Little (Fine) . / ;..... .102
6522 »Lady Atheling (McLaughlln) 99
6322 •Dung-annon (Knebelkamp) -.... 05
C.VJ2 Homeric (Judge) . 105
(«)21)North West (Clifford) 100
CVJ2 *Foxy Grandpa (Coffey) 108
(5T.35 Dusty Miller (Sheridan) '."." 105
6505 »Emil (Williams) ..100
WOt Zenonian (Martin) 102
(«r>35)*Floriana Bell (Miller) 85
W>22 County Down (Haskell) 102
51S3 Nora (Chappell) 100
Second race— Half mile; two-year-olds; sell- '
ins:
5'.i»l Nell Sullivan (Pratt) '..102
(f..v:i)Milffr*-rt B (Schreiber) 102
5850 *Mary Pepper (Miller) i 07
Pearl Waters (Waters) 1C2
Indlo-Alameda.-."".: ' .i.
C375 Marie J (Jones) 1C7
- 6507 Bob Kagon (Summers) ..110
(G123)»Mogregor (Bianchl & Co.) 105
6531 »Li2ht of Day (Coffey) .105
(?S07)*Del Carina (Smith) • 102
G447 Escobosa (Stewart & Co.) 107
Third race— Futurity . course; four-year-olds
and ud: selllnsr: '*.' '
b."55O Clsusus (Ryan) ...102
6533 Yellowstone (Fine) 112
6518 Cathello (Clayton) ........... .. . 97
(G520)Shell Mount (Wellman) V 104
(6494)Ref-ves (Lamasney Bros.) ............107
• 6064 Velma Clark (McAlester) 107
5840 'Puss in Boots (Josephs) 02
«5."t2 Quiz II (McCafferty) ......109
6.VH My Surprise (Mounce) : 104
(t>122)*Cousln Carrie (Burger) 07
C122 'Romalne (Murray) ..".. 99
4480 Sir Dougal (Sheridan) : 104
t«C4 'Nullah (McKenzle) .......... J. ;;.. 102
6532 'Skip Me (Madison & Co.) 102
6543 'Colonel Van (Fountain) ; 09
Fourth race — One and a sixteenth miles;
four- year-olds and up; selling:
6533 'Cloche d'Or (Coffey) »6
6547, Moor (Gilbert) : 103
C546 Idogo (McCafferty) .107
¦•6523 Searcher <Romigh).. J » 107
6520 Polonlus (Stewart & Co.) C.Z 106
6470 Elmer L. (Klunder)... 106
6350 'Conatellator (Keating) OS
"6542 Watklns Overton (Knebelkamp). ......103
Fifth race — One and a sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and up; purse:
(6127)Dlvlna (El Primero Stable) 108
.:.-. Carat (McAllister & Co.) 110
6500 P.en MacDhui (Ryan) 108
6547 Forest King (Jones)....; 108
6510 G. -W.Trahern (Quinlan).... 110
Sixth race — One mile and fifty yards; three
year-olds and up; selling:
6461 Pierce J (Caughey)..........; 108
(6231)'Laocoon \ (Coftey) 95
054.1 George Berry (Boettger)...... 100
64S5 Hoy Dare (Nealon). ...107>
t;i'.»4 Scherzo (Pueblo Stable) 95
6506 Tom Slavin (Clifford) :..... .103
(fi533)Horton (Bianchl & Co.)....... :..1O8
6510 Orlana (McKenzie) ...........100
•Apprentice allowance. »
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
:. Fitzgerald was up in the air in-tfie
third ; game. He 'was ;tired' and. winded
a"nd . his 'returns were .weak:, Egan ; had
enough ' steam " for ;- two,' men and ' was
without 1 mercy. ; He Jwas there \ to give
Fitzgerald ;a'. drubbing andjhe^did so/
Fitzgerald was lucky ; enough \ to '¦ score,
four points, " whereas ; 'the * 'champion
kept' scoring' until 1; 21 points "were se
cured and the" referee declared him ; the
victor.' --•'.- ; . • -Ll\ * C • - - 7;: ,';/"•-;
T' Summing up the ¦ playjng * of both
Michael Egan of Jersey City can now
be hailed as the champion handball
player of the world, having clinched
his claim to the title by decisively de
feating James Fitzgerald of this city,
who disputed his right to the laurels.
Kgan and his rival completed their
series of games yesterday at the Olym
pic Club. The attendance was not so
large as oh the preceding Sunday, as
the ticket holders felt it was a-fore
gone conclusion (that Egan would cap
ture the remaining games.
Those who cro\Vded the balconies en
joyed some fast and brilliant playing.
They saw the heavily muscled Egan
smite the ball apparently with force
enough to drive it through^ the front
wall. They saw him display wonderful
strength and untiring resources in fast
rallies aad they watched the Eastern
man prove his superic-rity over Fitz
gerald in all but one department of the
game, and that was headwork. Fitz
gerald proved the headier player of the
pair. Had he possessed the necessary
stamina there is -no doubt that*, he
would have given Egan a better con
test. /
Fitzgerald played scientifically, but
his science amounted to little against
the fast ball Egan sent at him through
out th'p games. The local player killed
many balls and missed a great many
more. He tried hard tu keep the ball
just out of Egan's reach, but the cham
pion was always under it and when he
drove it to the front wall it traveled
with force to Bend it to' the back wall.
Fitzgerald gave a clever exhibition of
"killing"ifrom the back wall. He sent
the ball dow each time and Egan with
all his skill could not lay his big
"mitts" en the fast moving spheroid.
Egan played a gentlemanly game, but
in his anxiety- to get; close to the ball
he would balk Fitzgerald. He always
ran in front of Fitzgerald as if he an
ticipated where" the ball would land
and if Fitzgerald raised it out he would
catch it on the fly with either hand
and send it back to . his opponent.
Egan's , head collided with the -ball in
the first game and he was dazed for a
minute. The fast. shooting object bare
ly missed his right optic and had it
landed Egan would have probably re
tired from the pastime at which he is
such an expert.
Fitzgerald found . fault with ex-
Alderman Dunne's coaching and called
him to task. The local man captured the
first game, after the hardest kind. of a
struggle, and as they doffed their shirts
for greater comfort, Mr. Dunne, who
was scoring, called to Egan to change
the ball.., Fitzgerald lost his temper
and said: "It is not fair to coach him."
To which Mr. Dunne replied: "I want
to say one ward and that, is, when
you went in you said you. had a
right to select the -ball and when he
went in he could toss with any ball
he selected: I am interested in Mr.
Egan. I am the only gentleman here
with him."
"If I was in -condition I could beat
him," called back Fitzgerald.
"I'll bet a thousand dollars you can't
beat him," replied -Dunne.
Referee Hampton called game and
the two experts were at it again harder
than ever. •: -
Preliminary to the big game Joseph
Condon of the ' Occidental Handball
Club and Tom Leech of the St. Ig
natius Athletic Club outplayed Louis
Levy and Henry. Cory. Each side took
a game and in the: final. Leech and
Condon played championship ball and
ran away from their opponents.
When • Egan and Fitzgerald entered
the court they were " given ; another
hearty greeting. After warming up,
game was called. , Egan started out' to
annex two games, but Fitzgerald
fought every inch, of ..the ..way. Egan
led at 19 to 15, and, the excitement. was
intense. By a series of ; hard serves,
clever - "kills"- 1 and heady, playing, Fitz
gerald won -the* opening game. 'This
did not bother. Egan. He simply began
sending the ball outyas. only, he can
send . it. 'Fitzgerald : tried valiantly, to
return , the ba'l,' but • he ; missed ,with
frequency. Egan had - many opportu
nities to -."kill," but he ! never availed
himself ,' seemingly ; satisfied to drive
it baek withV incredible speed. Egan
took the second I game by ' a ; score of
21-11. .--/• .•'¦¦¦- ¦'"¦•• : "' ¦ 'i-0 '¦ ' -
• •¦¦¦;•. v •
By l-ioute Levy.
Defeats Fitzgerald and
Clinches Claim
• to Title.
Roy Hughie. Cloverdale, Tillie R, Red
Rock. Sacramento Boy and then Aggie
W for the stake. From this array of
Fpeed it is evident High Born was a
consistent performer throughout. The
surprise of the day was the show'ing
made by the old champion, Sacra
mento Boy. The upcountry dog
made his way into the semi-final round,
where he succumbed tojligh Born by a
score of 7 to 6. They first ran an un
decided course and the young dog came
back the fresher.
The coursing throughout the day
was remarkably even. The bettors
seemed unable to hit upon a favorite
in the long odds book, playing the ma
jority of the last sixteen dogs in the
stake. Liberal prices were chalked up
against all of them.
Pepper Jack and Ml Amigo ran five
trials in the first round before Judge
Reiily could declare the latter a win
ner.
New Home Boy,, the Los. Angeles
creek, and Itubber Ankles met in a
special match of one course during the
afternoon. New Home Boy- won by a
seore of 10 to 5, leadinpr by four lengths.
The results of yesterday's running in
detail with Judge P. J. Retlly's official
scores follow:
First round— Tlie Refere* beat Golden Links,
4-2; Kaple neat Irvlnpton Tralee, 3-0; Pepper
Hill beat Mly Wright, 3-0; Colored L*dy beat
TraJce Boy, 3-0; Uenlo Prince beat Pete Me
lntvre. 4-O. Aggie \V beat Rocker Arm, 2-O;
TVxas Hoo Hoo beat Concord Traie*. 3-2; Holla
Welln beat Tsmora. 3-O; L.iUle Plunger beat
Commpn-ls] Traveler. 0-0; Free Born beat
Donnybrook. 3-1 ; Creewiclt b»*t Hera, 6-1:
Row of Uold beat Vandal, 3-0; Gambit beat
Tuscan Mamie, 4-3; Joe Pasha beat Advertiser,
7-«i: Cf.banola beat Jessie Dear, 6-3; Vikinir
heat Frisky Harbara. 4-3: Sacramento Boy
brat Hudson. 3-1; Quoen's Motto beat Terah.
»-7: Ruby Sank«-y beat Game Boy, 3-O; Sem-
I>r<jn'i;s boat John Heenan. 3-O; Fenii beat
Spotlps* Beauty, 2-1 : Magic Stuff beat Frank
Dunn. 3-0; Ml Amigo beat Pepper Jack, 7-4;
Apple Rio-sum beat Duhallow, 4-0; Racing
Auto beat Mcllinwood. «>-l ; Rahy Aurora beat
«'onroy. 3-0; Honest John beat Idaho Boy. 5-1;
Red Rock best McHonry. 4-3; High Born beat
Roy Hughie, 0-1; Cloverdale beat Lord Gran
«rd. a-O; Our Motto beat Friendless Boy, 12-0;
Tilli<* R. beat Terra Cotta, 3-O.
Srcimd round — The Referee beat Kagle. 7-O;
Pepper Hill beat Atenlo Prince. 4-2; Aggie W
beat Colored Lady. 3-O; Rclla Wells beat Texas
Hoo Hoo, , 4-3; Little Plunger beat
Fr*y» Born. 3-1: Creswick beat Rose of
Gold. 4-3; Gambit beat Joe* Pasha. 4-0: Cu
l>ano!a b«at Viking. 4-2: Sacramento Boy beat
Quern's Motto. 5-3 ; Ruby Sankey beat Sem
pronius. 3-1; Mairtc Stuff beat Fenii. 3-0; Ap
ple Blospom a bye. Mi Amigo withdrawn:
Racing Auto beat Raby Aurora. 10-7; Red;
R<Kk beat Hone* John. 4-0; High Born beat
Clov«-rdale, 0-1 ; Tilllo R beat Our Motto, 7-3.
Third round— The Referee beat Pepper Hill.
3-2: Aggie W beat Rolla Wells, 3-2; Little
Plunger !*»at Crepwioft. IV-4; Cubanola beat
Gambit. 13-11; Sacramento Boy beat Ruby
hankey. 4-*>: Apple Blossom beat Magic Ptuff.
4-2; Red Rock beat Racing Auto, 4-0; High
Born beat Tillie R. 4-3.
Fourth round — Aggie W boat The Referee,
3-1; Little Plunger beat Cubanola, 5-4; Sac
ramento Boy beat Apple Blossom, 5-2; High
Born beat Red Rock, 4-0.
Fifth round— Aggie "W beat Little Plunger,
6-2: High Born beat Sacramento Boy. 7-6.
Deciding course — High Born beat Aggie W,
9-4.
Coursing In Its palmiest days seldom
attracted so large a crowd to Union
Park as that which viewed the running
of the reserve stake yesterday on the
San Mateo County field.
The stake was won by George Shar
man's High Born, the brindle son of
imported Fetter Free, which met and
defeated Aggie W cleverly in the de
ciding course by a score of 9 to 4.
The ultimate winner defeated in t»''"^
Grant Smith beat Harry Haight. 6-R. 6-0.
8-2, 6-3; H. Gabriel tied Halsht. 8-4; 3-6; A.
W. Worthlngton beat W. F. Bjfll. 6-4. 6-3. 7-5;
Dr. Lovegrove and C. crSayre beat Worthinsr
ton and Bull. 7-5, '6-4. 6-4; Howell beat "W.
Johnson. 6-4, ft-1. 6-3. 6-2: "W. S. MacGavin
beat N. Blaisdell. 7-5. 6-4; Dr. Lovegrov* beat
Sayre 5-7, 6-4, 6-3. "
In the fourth class J. F. Brady beat
J. M. Baker, 6—3, 6—1. and was in
turn beaten by Guy Lyttori, 6—3, 7—5..
Many of the players who were ab
sent were not defaulted yesterday, but
those not on hand next Sunday will
lose by default, as ffhe tournament
committee has decided to finish the
event then. •
On the California Club courts some
good . practice matches were * played.
The best was that between Harry
Haight and Grant Smith. Halght.won
the first set, but the next three, went
to his opponent easily. The following
matches were played:
George Janes beat Miller Hotchkiss
in two close sets. S,core 8—6, 6—4. Janes
was in turn beaten* by Clarence Foley.
Foley was in great form. He won the
first set "easily, but had a hard time
winning the next two. The score was
6—1, 7—9, 7—5.
Brabant won in his match with G:
W. Finch, but was beaten easily by
Neil Baker. The score was 6— 3. 6—1.
Some interesting tournament ¦ play
was seen on the California and Gold
en Gate Park tennis courts yesterday.
A strong wind sweeping over the
courts made it rather difficult at times
to lob and play .high balls, but the
matches as a rule were close.
On the California Club courts, the
handicap doubles tournament ! which
was started. on Washington's birthday
was completed. The final match was
fully as close as was expected. The
winners were Tracy Crawford and
Will Allen, who defeated Sidney Salis
bury and Frank Stringham on. even
terms. All four players were erratic
and hardly up to form. Salisbury and
Stringham won the first set rather, eas
ily by a seore of 6 — 3. In the second set
Allen and Crawford improved consid
erably and their net work was much
better. They won this set, 6—4. Tha
third set was nip and tuck, with first
one in the lead and then the other.
Each side won on service, and not
more than one game separated the
teams until the end. The score, iu favor
of Allen and Crawford, was 9—7. The
fourth and . last set was one of the
most stubbornly contested seen in some
time. Allen and Crawford kept, ahead
up to 5—3 and looked to have the match
won. Again at 5 — 4 and 40-15 they
looked sure winners. Salisbury and
Stringham made a determined stand
and evened up matters a£ 5—5. From
then on first one side was ahead and
then the other until the twenty-fourth
game, when three or four clever strokes
at the net gave the game and match
to Allen and Crawford. The score was
3— 6, 67-4, 9—7, 1J-11.
Play was resumed in the class sin
gles tournament at the park courts
yesterday. Only one match was played
in the first class. In It Will Allen de
feated Charles Dunlap, 6 — 4. 7—5. Dun
lap was not at his best and Allen had
little difficulty beating him.
The fourth class honors were won
easily by Guerin, who beat Hail in the
finals in straight sets. The score was
6—4, 6—4, 6—3.
In the second class several matches
commenced a week ago were com
pleted. Marius Hotchkiss had a lead of
a set over N. Ambrose, but the latter
won out the last two by a narrow
margin. The score was 5 — 7. 6—^4, 7 — 5.
.Oakland could not squeeze a run
through till the fourth. With two gone,
'lrwin fumbled a grounder from the bat
• •f Krugrr. Dunleavy was passed and
before th«» crowd had a chance to un
derstand it all. Sehafley came through
\wth a drive to right field that sent
Fi ancks in. Dunleavy was nailed as
he slid into bag three..
The seventh produced another for
Peter. Kruger accepted a pass and
l>unleavy sacrificed. Schafley fouled
1-- Meany, Kruger taking third on the
throw'in. Streib was" there with the bip
drive to right field and Kruger arrived
with the one that tied up the score.
"Oakland made the winning tally in
the oijzrhth epasm. Old Peter started
:t all with a souse past lrwin. Schmidt
s&crificed and Francks responded with
a* lofty one that ' dropped in front of
Waldron. This allowed the grand old
man to ecore the tally that counted
•most.
* Although Schmidt was pitching shut
out Hall all the time, he was hit freely.
The locals gathered in their safe ones
every round save the eighth, but the
twirler seemed to have them
under his mystic spell when men were
on the bags. In the ninth round, with
trio to the bench and the bags all oc
cupied, Hlldebrand smashed one at
Streib. It took a false bound and got
• away from him. but Schmidt recovered
it and fielded Hilde out Just as he tor?
into the bag.
jffflll PLAYING IS FAST.
• Yerkes pitched good ball all the time
and had the crowd with nim. He was
unfortunate, however, in allowing his
hits to come Just when they did the
niwist damage. Both teams fielded well.
Th« game was the liveliest seen at
Recreation Park this season. The score:
pan Fran<Msco — , Oakland —
• • AB.R. II. P.A.! AB.R. H. P. A.
tVJrtrn. or.4 O 3 1 0 Oanly. rf..4 0 O 3 1
•H!dt*. 1f.« 0 13 0 Fi-ncke. e.4 1 1 1 3
Mer.y rf.S 0 12 1 Kruw. lf,3 1 1 « o
Jrwirf. 3b.5 0 112 Dnlvy. cf.l O 0 3 1
Maey; lb.4 0 1 11 1 Hchfly, 2b.2 0 13 3
A<1nm. 2b.4 113 1 I'trleb, lb.4 O 2 11 2
K'hmr. e..4 114 5 Devrx. 3b.3 O O 1 1
Hanra, c.3 1 2 1 5 Uhmn, c.3 1 1 « 1
"S>rlK£, p.4 0 0 O t |chmdt. p.2 0 0 0 3
Totalf>!37 2 11*26 17i Total».2$ 3 6 27 15
•Sotirr.ldt out; hit by batted ball.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland « OO10011O— 3
« aR * hit* O OO 11 O-l 2 1— «
Fan Francisco... 0 2 O © O 0 © « O— j
Ita*e hit* 1 2 1112 0 2 1-11
SUMMARY.
Stolen ba»*»— Francka. Streib. Schmeer.
Har.Fon. Error*— Irwln, Francks (2), Hanson.
Knortnc* hits— Mawey. Dunleavy. Pchmid
Finn base on «>rror»— San Irancisco 1. Oak
land 1. F1r*t ba«* on called baIlB-£>ff
Yrrkes 3; off Schmidt. 3. IWt on bases— San
FrmiMse© 1O. Oakland 3. Struck out— Dy
Yfrk*e 1- by Schmidt. 4. Double plajs—
Ytrkee" to'Bchnieer to Mawey: Dunleavy to
htrelb. Passed ball— Lohman. Time of game
—One hour *nd forty minutes. Umpire— Mc-
Carthy.
• UacJe did not e?et into the baseball
coing yesterday at alL Peter's kids
jrot theirs in both jrames. Uncle was
one shy la the afternoon btttle at the
Ki£hth-street lot and he needed thre«
lo -lit the scora when ¦ Uaa struggle at
Oakland came to a peaceful ending.
¦Scores, morning 5 to 2; afternoon 3
The hoxn« team quH work for the
week with one victory and defeaia
ihat numbered five. They make the
oi« getaway to-day for Los Angeles.
Pei&aps they will get one game there
»ind perhaps they won't. Anyhow, they
?re going to leave us for a while and
in the meantime the fans will have to
root for some aggregation other than
the home -team.
It looked like old times once again
•when that crowd of 10,000 fans began to
yell as the home team tripped lightly
out upon the green sward and lined
up for the afternoon's work. Every
*-eat in the grandstand was occupied
and the bleachers were black with hu
manity. It was the first real big crowd
of the season.
.. San Francisco broke into the lead
In the second round when Anderson
bingled over the third bag and Hanson
ond- Yerkes both landed on the bags
¦while Uuck FYancks fumbled their
drives. Waldmn smashed the leather
, out to left fipld and Anderson came
htmie. Hlldebrand lined out a long
foul fly to right field and Hanson easilv
heored on the throw in. The two runs
held the homo team for the balance of
OARJ^ANIVS FIRST ItCX..
w. i* pc.1 vr. i*. re.
I.. AnetJea.. 8 2 .WO Seattle 4 5 4U
T.aoorc* « 3 .6«7iSaa Fran... S « .&«
.OaUan* ... 0 « .600* Portland ... 2 8 .20*
STANDING OP THB CIAIBS.
Walter B. Jennings, whose horses left
last evening for New .York, closes his
season's racing campaign on this coast
with $32,550 to his credit. M. J. Daly is
second with $13,900 and D. S. Fountain
third, his total being $10,800. C. C. Mc-
Cafferty has moved into fourth place,
hi3 horses having won $9100.
The New California Jockey Club has
distributed about $350,000 in stakes and
purses and more than seventy owners
have won sums in excess of $1000.
Among the principal winners are:
W. U. Jennincs ' &. Co $32,550
M. J. Daly . 13,900
D. S. Fountain. 10.SW
CV C. McCafrerty. . . . : ».1<*>
Mrs. J. Coffey v »,WO
H. Stover ' .. 8,500
Burns & Waterhouse. . . , 8.00O
B. Schreiber 7.SWO
J. J. McAkster * 7,000
Parker ,& Thwaite «.«0O
Milton Jones .' «.7C0
H. E. Rowell 5,85(>
S. S. Bender & Co 5.50<>
T. G. Ferguson - '..-• 5.625
Blancbi & Co 4,f»23
W. P. Magrane & Co 4,lxio
W. Fisher 4.575
Napa Stock Farm ;... 4,000
Hamilton Stable 3,850
Boots & Hollenbeck 3,800
Caesar Young ..' .3,800
Frank Skinner : 3.900
W. C. Vivell . 3.615
Lamasney Bros 3,600
S. Judge 3,525
Mrs. C. E. Miller 3,300
E. .W. Fitzgerald 3,25o
Thomas & Reavey 3,270
H. Green .-? 3,100
R. A. Smith 2,000
T. J. Wellman 3,075
L. A. Blasineame & Bro 2,875
E. Tierney '• 2.700
C. W. Chappell & Co 2.630
Keating & Co 2.H5O
John D. Millln 2.65O
J. F. Newman 2,550
H. W. Hoar • 2.-I0O
J. C. Nealon 2.40O
J. Qulnlan 2.400
John F. Schorr. •.. 2.400
P. Ryan ¦*. 2.350
W. P. Fine 2.350
W D. Randall 2.575
J. M. Crane • 2.325
A. F Darton & Co 2,150
\\\- B. Sink Jr 2.100
F. R. Lanterman. 2,100
O. P. Romlgh... 2.075
F. J. O'Rourke..:. 2.000
An attractive programme has been
arranged for this week at Oakland.
Among the features are handicaps for
three-year-olds and upward. There is
one for Wednesday at a mile and a
furlong and another Saturday at a mile
and a sixteenth. In addition, the spe
cial race for polo ponies will be «n at
traction on Saturday. ,
At 1 o'clock the ifew cup challenger
Corinthian started from the Fulton
Iron Works and sailed over to Belve
dere cove, where she took up moor-'
ings near the clubhouse.
The mainsail . of the sloop Presto
was bent onto the Corinthian's main
boom and gaff, which also car
ried the Presto's storm jib.
She started out with a reef, the
wind blowing freshly, but' stood up so
well under her canvas that the reef
was shaken out. On board the Cor
inthian were ex-Commodore J. W.
Pew, Frank Stone, Dave Dean, Doug
las Erskine and George Storey. Those
who. were aboard of her said the chal
lenger handles well and gives high
promise of great speed. The weather
looked threatening yesterday and it
was feared the Corinthian's own sails
might get a wetting. Next Sunday the
challenger will go out for a spin un
der her own canvas.
The sloops Edna, Sans Souci, Freda
and Speedwell had previously taken
up moorings in the cove. The sloops
Presto and Harpoon and the yawl
Seven Bells are at Stone's yard at
Harbor View. The sloop Phoenicia is
at Boole's yard, in Oakland Creek, un
dergoing repairs. She was greatly
in the recent heavy storm.
At 12:30 p. m. yesterday the bridge
over the entrance to Tiburon lagoon
was raised and the yachts of the Cor
inthian fleet began "to pass out into
Belvedere cove. The whole affair
went through without a hitch and with
only one delay. Owing to the strong
tide that was running, however, the
task of towing the yachts out against
it proved a longer one than usual, so
that it was nearly 2 o'clock before the
last yacht left the lagoon.
Port Captain John H. Keefe, as
sisted . by John Norby, managed the
details of the bridge raising. Almost
as soon as the draw had 'been taken
up, V. -E. Baker's sloop Emilie, with
her owner, Frank A. Bartlett, and
some friends on board, was warped
through. The little sloop Rambler
was in tow of the Emilie. Next came
the sloop Wave, towed by the launch
Leonie; the sloop Mischief, towed by
T. Jennings' launch; the sloops Tru
ant and Discovery towed by T. Jen
nings' launch; the big ,-yawl Frolic,
with C. Swain at the wheel, towed by
Forrest's launch Gazelle; the sloops
Meteor and Hiawatha, towed by T.
Jennings' launch; the sloop Emma,
towed by the launch Leonie; the
sloop Clara, towed by a launch.
Fisher's yawl Nereid then came up
to the draw in tow of a small launch,
which could hardly make headway
against the tide and wind. Before
she had got through T. Jennings'
launch,^ towing a yacht, overtook the
Nereid and it became necessary for
both launches to £ast off their -tows
and for the yachts to drop their an
chors. Percy Bdrr's launch Cub
towed the sloop May, with ex-Com
modore H. D. Hawks at the wheel.
Then came the sloops Neva, Neptune,
Merope and Mignon, each in tow of a
launch.' These were followed by the
sloop Amigo and the yawl Nereid,
each in tow of a launch. Westerfeld
and Morrow's sloop Aeolus came out
in tow of T. Jennings' launch.
The rest of the fleet, each yacht in
tow of a launch, passed out in the fol
lowing order: The sloops Fleetwing.
Elsie, Beaver, Wawona, Juanita and
Genesta. J. 11. Savory's sloop Juan
ita, in tow of the launch Gazelle, went
over to Sausalito. The rest of the
yachts went to their mocrings in Bel
vedere cove. V'..":
Monthly medar shtfOt r of the Independent
Rifles — J. Donovan IS, -Sergeant L..' Mayer -25,
J S. Jones 30. Sergeant C. Iverson 37.\vW. B.
Cook 29, G. E. Frlckes 44. H. Relnhard fiB.
Lieutenant H. Goetjen 27. J. "Wlldermuth 22.
K. Marzolf 17. J. Behlmer-21. "Sergeant M.
Moenninp 1«. C. Herlng 36, W. Ewig 35, H.
Kuhlkfl 45. Corporal P. C. Peterson 28, Cor
poral II. Marzolf 05.
Monthly shoot of the Shell Mound Rifle and
Pistol Club, two scores of ten shots each —
Second champion class: -A. M. Poulsen. 130,
133; H. Klelnenbrolch. 153. 152: .F. Mante. 103>
102; H. P. Nelson. 193. lf»6: D. L. Hopkins,
123. 167; R. S. Wixson, 207, IRS; J. Colby,
1S9 .197; W. Thompson. 173. 155: H. Wind
muller, 187, 202; E. Wixson, 151, 161. F.
Mante made the best first shot In his class— 21.
Best last shot. R. S. Wiyin. 24.
First class— W. Erlkson. 107, SO: A. «ay,
142, 13S; Li. Murphy. 1(51. 153: A. Thompson,
190. 183: Captain G.-Larsen. 131. 127; Dr. B.
rtoche. 7«. 8S: .E. J. Farley. 127. 174: M.
Lytjen. 1CS. 157: C. Pries, 172, 144: C. Otlen.
179. 143; P. Paulson. 151. 1SR: N. J. Nielson.
ICC!, 143. E. J. Farley made the best first and
lart shots of 21 and 22.
Second class— W. G. Crocker -247, Dr. L. V.
Frates 304. George Hughes 100. D. Estee 231.
H Bortfeld 214 H. McKlnley 292, W. Patton
237. T. Burr 330. H. Lan*e 160. W.- L. Paulson
353 J. Lorue 305, W.' Guild. 240. Cantaln L.
A Frates 110. R. C. HolmriulJ* 2&1. H. Wob
ber 305, H. Koffod 229. H. Welkinpr 250. G.
Gluick 273, F. O. Schullerts 201: be«t first shot;
G -Glulck with 24; best last shot, B. Estee
with 25.
Third class, 50 yards — B. Schullerts 392, G.
Skinner 353..- H. ¦¦ P.; Henningsen 335. F. Du
pll«ie 313, W. Helns 373. E. Rehor 222. G.
Althansfn 280. H. Paulsen 304. A. Hartman
283. J. Gutenhenrer 312. H. Vogel 304, W.
A. Peterson 373. F. Stolte 315. ¦ H. Meyers 302.
H Alpers 32S, 1». Deiavergne 325. C. Jacobsen
30h. A. Kirkadie 315. C. Grleh 273. A. John
son 330. Dr. C. E. Farman 371. T. Neuwlrth
304. F Krause 272. A. Uebscher 347, C. Wlx
fron 207. J. Kenney 326. A. Rowse 215; best
first shotr H. Paulsen, 22; best last shot.. A.
Liebscher, 25.
Monthly medal shoot. Second Division, Na
val Militia — F. R. Sutton 47. F. D. Burness
4.1, P.. Barben 37. V. Sutherland 3d. . A. Cohn
34, T. Goesch 23. C. Plnkham 22. Medal win
ners for first 'quarter — Champion class. F. R.
Putton: first class. F. D. Burgess: second class,
V. Sutherland: third-class. A: Cohn.. .,--,*
Oakland Turner Rifle Club, monthly medal
shoot — Best three hullseyes' for day,.W. H.
Klelnenbroleh. 62; F. Mante. 725; A. EenRel
hardt. 01; F. Kreuz 184. F. /Mante 3«9, W. F.
Kleinenbrolch 326, Theo Gler 153, B. Brunjc
320. A. Engelhardt 26S, H. Ahrens 214, II.
Wlcklng 274, II. W'lndmuller 373. P. Uth 251,
A. ScMeuter 217. - ,
Deutscher Krieger Vereln, monthly medal
and bullseye shoot— First champion class,
Charles Wejfgemann, 385; champion class, F.
Kaiser, 357: first class, H. Silberzahn, 335;
second class. Charles Mever, 324; third class,
H. Hennln~er. 287; fourth class. -Chris Hart
mann, 251: best first shot, H. Sllberrahn, 23:
best last shot, F. .Bender, 23; most centers. H.
Hennlnzer. : ¦
Bullseye shooting— First prize, H. Hennln
ger; second prize. Charles Weggemann: third
prize, H. Silberzahn; fourth prize, F. Bender;
fifth crlze. O. Dammer.
Annual eagle shoot of the Red Men's
Schuetzen Company — King, C. G. Strippel;
crown. Henry Bach; Bcepter, P. H. Ruin's; ap
ple. John D. Feldemann; rlnn, George Wag
ner; head, John W. Schmidt: neck, Martin
Dlckert; right wing, D. Tamke: left wing, C.
G. Strippel; rlnl.t claw. F. Melchaner; - lpft
claw. Captain C Oldag; tall. William Dress
ier. . ' .
Another King has been hailed with
giad acclaim by the Red Men's Schuet
zeri Company and C. G. Strippel is the
monarch of these merry knights of
the rifle. The organization held its an
nual eagle shoot at Shell Mound Park
yesterday and thirty-six members par
ticipated - in . this " historic game. Until
dusk they blazed away at the redwood
eagle perched . high upon a pole and
piece by piece the effigy of the famous
bird. of prey" dropped away until Strip
pel struck the vital staple. In addition
to, the honor, the Kingship carries «a
cash prize of $50 and a gold medal, val
6ed at $25. On next Sunday the Red
Men's Schuetzen Company will give its
annual schuetzen fest and prize shoot
at Shell Mound.
R. S. Wixson, a member of the Shell
Mound Rifle and Pistol Club, from his
recent . performances gives promise of
becoming one of the crack shots of the
coast. He led : the •.: second champion
class • yesterday with a score of 395,
making 207 in the first ten shots and 188
in the next. In the. competitive shoot
of : three' shots he scored two tickets,
65 out of a possible 75 and. 67 out of u
possible 75. . Taking into consideration
that he can be. regarded as still a
novice his showing is excellent. Fol
lowing are the day's results:
Ranges Well Patronized at
Popular Resort by Many
Marksmen's Organizations
Polo Pony Match Race Is One
of Features of This Week's
Card — Starters To-Day
New Home Boy Defeats Rub
ber Ankles in a Special
Match yf One Trial
liecreation Park and Oak
land Grounds Are Packed
With Admiring Fans
Charles Duhlap Loses to
Allen in Golden Gate
Park Singles Tournament
McCAFFERTY DOES WELL
Cup Challenger Corinthian
Sails From North Beach
Under Canvas of Presto
NO MISHAP MAKS EVENT
BIG CEOWD ATTENDS
SHOOT AT SHELL MOUND
BOTH TEA3IS ERRATIC
Bid CKOWDS OX HAXD
Drawbridge at Belvedere Is
Raised and Vessels Towed
Out to Summer Moorings
Crawford and Allen Defeat
Salisbury and String
ham in Handicap Doubles
•Native Tossers Succumb to
Jvolimaii's Whirlwinds in
Both Scheduled Contests
George Skarmajrs Grey
hound Beats Aggie W on
Union Coursing Park Field
C. Gv Strippel Receives the
Coveted Title at ?Annual
Eagle Meet of the Ked Men
W; R Jennings Still Heads
the List, With M. J. Daly
and D.S. Fountain Close Up
STAKE HONORS
FOR HIGH BORN
ANOTHER KING
IS ACCLAIMED
MANY STABLES
WIN THOUSANDS
TENNIS MATCH
IS COMPLETED
UNCLE DROPS
TWO STRAIGHT
YACHTS EMERGE
FROM LAGOON
EGAN IS PROCLAIMED THE WORLD'S HANDBALL CHAMPION
•THE SAN FRANGlSeO^CALL',; ; MONDAY. APRIL .4; a»04.
HANDBALL
CHAMPION
IS EG AN
VICTOR IN HANDBALL MATCH AT
THE OLYMPIC CLUB FOR THE
WORLD'S CHAMPIONSHIP.
As a' protection against, consumption,
it is proposed to'inoculate^every. ca^f in
Germany^with ' specially, prepared tu
berculosis I bacilli, on the : plan • of "vac
cination,'; inVorder ; that ; the animal may
nottcontract' tuberculosis later." ".'"" :
Benefit Base Hall Game. •
.•OAKLAND, April 3.— A benefit
game of baseball for George W. Poult
ney,j\vho was recently injured at* Palo
Alto; will be played at Berkeley on
Monday, April. 4. The game will be
between the U.C. nine and St.. Mary's
crack team.
wutlanj^is siiirr out.
Northern Iiat*m<-n Oui l>o Noting
WIlIi Newton** »*;»*££; cham .
LOS ANGELES. April 3.-The cham
rinns won the last came of J^/to 7
*itb Portland by the score of 1 to o.
Moh'er, H. Hall. Hits— Oft Keefe 4, off Hall
10. off Schock 2. Three-base hit— Keefe.
Two- base hits — McLaugblln.- Nordyke. Keefe.
Sacrifice hits— Hannivan. Sheehan. Van Hal
tren . Smith 2. First base on ' errors — Tacoma
2 Seattle 1. First base on called . balls— Oft
Keefe 3 off Hall . 2. ; oft Schock 4. Left ¦' on
bares — Tacoma 10. Seattle 4.^ Struck Out — Ey
Keef- «. by Hall 4, by Schock . 1'. Time of
came — One hfcur 50 rain. Umpire — Huston.
Hutton. ' JjjBWwSlSfcBBBM
11He wanted to see. Indian pueblos, so
he went to Chicago on' the Santa Fe. She
wanted to see wonderful mountain peaks
and valleys,' so she went ; . to • Chicago on
the Santa' Fe. Ten .thousand-,;Califor
nians want- tb . see the "incomparable
Grand Canyon of Arizona. They may. do
so easily on the -way. to the .World's. FaJr f
— but. only on the Santa Fe., : If Interest
ed, ask about a * trip on the •-'.'California' 1
Limited" at 641 Market street, San Fran
cisco. , • . •' . ': - ,.'
• The Santa Fe Is the Scenic Way. ;
The Scenic Way.
; Antone . ; Arighini, 818. Sansome
street, :- ; ' : complained; . to .Policeman
Silver .'early ; yesterday morning/, that
Grace - Reed,; 14 'jPinckriey .; alley, ' had
taken $20 '¦¦> t rom %. his pocket-book.
Silver and 'Special Officer • Berge ar
rested the -woman- and , booked her at
the City ' Prison i on charges 'of 'petty
larceny , and vagrancy. v
Says .Woman Robbed Him.
Charles Lyons notifies the public that
in. response to numerous applications he
has had Landseer's ; celebrated ' painting
of '-the- lion : engraved, size 43 by 28
inches, which ¦ may .be obtained at his
stores, 721 Market or. 1S2 Kearny. Free
to customers., Ten cents to others. Fif
teen cents by mail. - •
Sonth African Lions.
BAKERSFIELD, April 3. — Henry j
Thompklns • was shot and. mortally
wounded last night at Cotton wood,
about ten miles from this city, by N. H.
Stoner, proprietor of a. resort- located at
that point. Stoner, who is in jail, states/
that Thompklns entered the place ,with
a knife Jn his hand and, demanded
money. When refused, he'- advanced
threateningly around the ;.bar . and
Stoner, after warning him,' fired. Stoner
brought the . wounded man ' to - the
hospital ; and . then % surrendered to: the
Sheriff. Thompkins: died to-day.
Proprietor, Uses a Pistol on Henry
Tompkins, Who, It la Alleged, i
Demanded >Joncy. ¦ ¦.. • ;;*>* 1 .
FATAJL SHOOTING AT
A COTTONWOOD RESORT
PARIS, April 4. — The correspon
dent of the Matin; at' Tokio reports
that the Korean ¦ Governor of Cheng
wu has established his 1 office ..under
Japanese protection.'
Korean Governor. Installed.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 50c flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.*
.Burnett'* Extract of < Vanilla has
taken gold medals against all other brands. •
SPRINGFIELD. III.. April 3— The Illinois
miners and operators to-day signed the State
agreement, effective for two years. When the
Joint convention met to-day, there was not, one
dissenting vote against the agreement reached
by the Joint. scale committee. \ . .
Gllmore was also arrested on a
charge of grand larceny on a warrant
issued by Justice of the Peace Hannon
of San Mateo County and was held to
answer. His bookkeeper, James H.
Rainey, was arrested on a charge of
perjury and Meyer was detained in
jail at Redwood City as a witness
against Gllmore and Rainey. ,
Gilmore has stubbornly, fought the;
case, and after spending considerable
money on two .attorneys who were de
fending him, ,finally. engaged George
D. Collins, who. interposed a demurrer
to . the information, which was . sus
tained, but 'Gilmore /was immediately
arrested on another warrant issued by
Justice of the Peace Hannon and the
case has not yet been heard.
Meyer .went . to / Gilmore yesterday
morning at . his stables and
money : from him' to .take him- to
Texas, hinting that if he were out of
the way a conviction could „ not be
obtained. Gilmore quietly notified one
of his .'stablemen -.to /go in. search of
a policeman" and' kept Meyer in con
versation. . The ' stableman returned,
saying he was unable to 'find an of-'
fleer, so Gilmore ordered; him andan
other stableman ; to take Meyer to the
City Prison. Meyer showed fight, but
was quickly,, overpowered I and I taken
to the Southern station, thence
to the prisonJ .^Sheriff Mansfield was
notified and said he .would send ah
officer- to. take, Meyer, back.
John Meyer, an- ex-convict • who es
caped from the jail at Redwood City
on Friday night by^ sawing through
the bars of his cell and dropping to
the ground by means of a rope made
of his blankets, was arrested here yes
terday morning and is being detained
at the City , Prison awaiting the arri
val of an officer to take him back-
After Meyer was discharged from
San ' Quentin last December, he met
another ex-convict at Redwood City
and they stole a team of horses from
James Curran. They came to this
city with the horses and sold them to
McLellan Gilmbre, a liveryman at 174
Seventh street, representing that the
animals were their own property.
Meyer was arrested on a charge of
grand larceny *and was by
Judge Buck of San Mateo County and
sentenced to two years in San Quen
tin. • -- ; A-.;^ '-, v>- :^i'i, ,-..;
The«police assert that a gang of foot
pads has been holding up pedestrians
.In*, the" section of the city around the
Mail dock. Three of them were ar
vrested Saturday night for robbing Cap
tain A. W. Halstead of the schooner
Fortunal . r
Peter Clark, a laborer employed by
Gray Bros., was held up and brutally
beaten by a brace of thugs early.yes
terday morning near the Southern Pa
cific Railroad yards, corner of Fourth
and Townsend streets.
Clark was going home. about 2 a. m.,
after visiting in the Potrero. He had
missed the last car and had .to .wend
his way along the dark streets on foot.
He says he got as far as the north side
of the railroad yards ' on Townsend
street, when two men jumped out from
behind a box car and felled him to the
ground by a blow on the head.
Clark does not remember any more
until he was brought to consciousness
by C. P. Thompson, a clerk residing at
2142 Mission street. Thompson was
going across Fourth street and noticed
the form "of Clark lying In the middle
of the car tracks. He shook the dazed
man, fearing at first that he had been
hit by a train. ;
When Clark came to he immediately
felt for his watch and money, but both
had been taken by the robbers. Thomp
son conveyed Clark to the City Hall
Police station, where he reported- his 1
loss. Captain Martin, detailed Detec
tives O'Dea and Mulcahey on the case.
No arrests have been made.
John Meyer, an Escape From
Redwood City Prison, Runs
Against the Wrong Man
Peter Clark Waylaid arid
Robbed Near Southern Pa
cific Railway Freight Sheds
JAIL BREAKER
IS CAPTURED
ROBBERS KNOCK
MAN SENSELESS
iiis adherents raised a storm of op
position, which ended by the directors
walking out of the meeting, leaving
their opponents no other alternative
but to adjourn.. ' Since then , a steady
effort has been ..conducted by jthem to
capture the board -of .directors at. the
annual election, which failed yesterday.
In place of Dr. Canac-Marquis, :Dr.
Alden was installed chief surgeon last
September. V'
. The "annual report of the directors
showed 'a prosperous condition of the
society's finances itt the present time. :
The division among the members of
the society dates from last -September,
when the ' directors asked Dr. Canac-
Marquis for his- resignation as chief
surgeon at the hospital. He acquiesced
in the demand, but a large number of
his friends demanded that a special
general meeting be called to consider
the reasons for his removal. The meet
ing. was held in October, last, and the
directors gave their reasons for de
manding Dr. Canac-Marquis' resigna
tion. ', /.': : •N^-
It was eleven o'clock at night be
fore the ballots were counted and the
result definitely announced, although
an hour before that it was apparent
that the Bearnais ticket had won by a
heavy majority. All fifteen of the di
rectors proposed by the Bearnais fac
tion were chosen. The ticket was
headed by O. Bozio, well known in
financial circles in- this city und con
nected, hs a director, with the French-
American and Swiss-American banks.
During the last year he has acted as
llrst vice president of the society and
it is understood that when the direct
ors meet next Wednesday to choose
officers he will be selected president
for the ensuing year.
He was president from 1896 to 1898
and afterward a member of the
building committee during the four
years the present French Hospital
was being, erected. .Since 1883 he has
been a member of the society and at
times of stress has aided- it liberally
with his private means. ,
The other directors chosen to act
with Mr. Bozio are A. Gless, Thomas
Lacoste, V. Gardet, J. A. Bergerot, J.
Bergez, J. S. Godeau, C. A. Artigues,
P. Cames, A. Roncovieri, J. B. Lacaze,
J., B. Pon, B. P. Lapachet, Redmond
Aguirre and G. Pouchan. Roncovieri,
who was on both tickets, received the
highest number of votes, polling 963.
Dr. J. E. Artigues was chosen resident
physician .at the French Hospital over
Dr. J. de Chantreau by a vote of 546
to 400. Dr. F. R. Orella and Dr.
Geprge M. Converse were selected as
physicians to visit homes of mem
bers, the only other candidate being
Dr. Ed. R. Berges.
DIVISION OF SOCIETY.
Two tickets arid a bitter fight brought
out. the largest vote ever polled in the
annual election of the -French Mutual
Benefit Society, which conducts the
French Hospital. The election of di
rectors was held yesterday afternoon in
the main hall • of the Native Sons'
building, and out of a membership of
more than 5000 throughout the State
1178- members .were "present .to vote. So
great was the interest in the election
that several members journeyed from
as far south as Riverside and Los An
geles to cast their ballots.
1 The victorious side was known as the
Bearnais ticket. The opposing faction
represented the forces of Dr. Canac-
Marquis, until last September chief sur
geon at the French Hospital.'
Balloting commenced at 1 o'clock,
and from then until 6 o'clodk, when the
polls closed, a steady stream of voters
poured into the hall and marked their
ballots for the candidates they chose
to direct the affairs of the society for
the ensuing year. There was an ab
sence of the usual bitterness between
the two factions, and, aside from an
occasional wordy argument between
members of the opposing forces, there
Was no disorder. Two policemen were
on duty during the afternoon and aided
in accelerating the balloting by keep
ing the members in line.
BERXAIS TICKET WINS.
O.Bozio- and His Supporters
Are Selected to Manage Af
fairs of- the Big Associa
tion for the Coming Year
Robert Barnett, formerly a leading
Democrat of this State, was shot and
instantly killed at the Taraca mine, in
Mexico, of which he was superintend
ent, yesterday afternoon by one of the
laborers in 'his employ. The report of
the tragedy came to this city in a dis
patch to Hugh Reichenbach, president
of the Taraca Gold . Mining Company,
from W. J. Hood, agent of the company
in Mexico. The message was brief and
only conveyed the information that
Barnett had been shot and killed at
the mine by one of the native laborers.
The Taraca mine is situated twelve
miles west of Torres, a station on the
Sonora branch of the Southern ; Pacific
Railway in Mexico. Reichenbach im
mediately wired for full particulars of
the crime and F. X. Collier, formerly
superintendent of Captain Delemar'a
Golden Gate j property at Mercury,
Utah, left for the scene last night to
take charge of the property. . . t
From those' acquainted with condi
tions at the mine it is believed the
crime occurred as the result of Bar
nett's discovery of the theft of ore by
one of the Mexican laborers. Consid
erable difficulty has been encountered
in tnat regard since the company has
been shipping to the Selby smelter at
Vallejo, and Barnett was watching for
the thieves.
.Barnett had been at the Taraca mine \
a little over a year as superintendent. \
Up to the time he left for Mexico he
resided in this city. Mrs. Barnett
joined her husband a short time ago
and was either at the mine or Torres at
the time of the murder.
Deceased was 55 years of age a"nd was
born of Scotch parents in Louisiana.
With his parents he removed • to this
State fifty-three years ago and settled
in Colusa' County in 1851. He was a
man of sterling character and enjoyed
the "absolute confidence of all that knew
him. .
He was one of the old line Demo
crats and a leader in the party. He
served as Treasurer of Colusa County
for several years, succeeding himself
four times. In 1884 he was elected to
the Legislature from that county, but
resigned to accept the Presidential ap
pointment as Internal Revenue Collect
or for the Fourth Internal Revenue dis
trict, comprising Northrn California
and Nevada. Four years later he ac
cepted a position as chief clerk of the
United States Mint in this city under
Superintendent John Daggett of SIs
klyou.
The Norrls & Howe circus attracted
great throngs at Mechanics' Pavilion
yesterday afternoon and evening. The
show proved to be an interesting one
and the crowd encored the clever acts
often. There will be a big parade! this
iriorning, starting from the Mechanics'
Pavilion at 10 o'clock-
The Alameda Lustspiel Ensemble
gave the last of its winter season of
entertainments at the Columbia Thea
ter last night. The German play, "The
Scapegoat," was admirably presented,
and proved a great mirth provoker.
Max Horwlnski Jr.,,in the leading role
of Otto von Griebenow, showed mark
ed dramatic ability. Among the ladies
the honors were carried off- by Miss
Johanne Strausse, Mrs. Frieda Shan
ley and . Mrs. Josephine Lafontaine-
Neckhaua. Arthur Becker was .the
stage manager.
Jerry Sullivan and Walter Bramb
lette, diminutive creatures who pose as
yellow kids, will not be forgotten for
some time. The things that Sullivan
does and says are original and really
funny. His side partner, while not be
ing so conspicuous, is funny all the
same and a glance at him is enough.
Joe E. Willard, who appears in the role
of the German, has a lot to say and do
and says and does it all to the tune
of the laughter of those present. Teddy
SImonds, the king of the ward, other
wise McFadden, is a sho\v in himself
and does his share of the work. Wood
ruff Alexander, the tramp of the out
fit, has a great makeup and is a very
versatile actor.
Belle Gold and Ada Boshell, the fem
inine leading lights, make impressions.
Both act well and Miss Gold is a very
clever soubrette. The chorus is one of
the best that has ever been seen here.
Each girl is petite and winsome and
their songs are all new and catchy. The
costumes are striking and the girls ap
pear to advantage when the colored
lights are turned on them.
The funniest show that has invaded
the footllght domains of this city in
many a moon is on at the California.
They call it "McFadden's Flats" and
while the name savors of those fierce"
barnstorming productions the public
has been forced to endure time and
time again, it is a genuine 18-carat
farce comedy, full of funny sayings,
catchy songs, pretty girls and in fact
everything that one generally sees in
a real laugh-making layout.
The plot is one vast expanse of non
eense, yet that nonsense is so ridicu
lously funny and so fast and furious
that it touches the right spot and one
gees into 'convulsions of laughter in
voluntarily. There Is no particular star
in the cast — every one takes turns at
being headliner and when a multitude
of clever people get together, as in
* llcFadden's Flats," and hand out
their witticisms, they are bound to
make a hit. .
La Belle Guerrero has a new sketch
this week, "La Gitana," in ' whicliJghe is
as tlgerishly I graceful, impassioned,
vivid, as usual. The four Welsons do
some excellent acrobatic stunts, and
the rest of the numbers are yester
weeks. BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
He was supposed to be able to repeat
note for note anything that was played
to him, and people were invited from
among the audience to furnish test
pieces. Needless to say, he could not
do this, but the number of right notes
he averaged, together with the gen
eral wonderful resemblance of the
transcription, was of the extraordi
nary things. However, the pianist was
excellently received last night.
Another good number on the bill, that
throughout is above the average, is
the dancing dervish Omar, in "Ah
Evening in Persia." Mr. Omar, in a
setting worthy of the Arabian nights
and a ballet skirt worthy ut Held, sets
himself spinning until every one but
himself is dizzy, and ends' up as sober
as a Buddhist bonze.
While Blind Tom may not be the
"most marvelous genius living" — per the
billboards — this negro pianist-is a quite
remarkable enough sort of person. He
reappeared here at the Orpheum last
night — It's a long lane that does not
lead to the Orpheum — after a ten
years* absence from our shores. Blind
Tom is still the big, music-ridden child
of ten years ago, with his singular and
pathetic air of an inspired Quasimodo.
His uerformance is the same and he
applauds it himself with the same
quaint and pitiful naivete. It con
sisted last nightof two solos, the quar
tet from "Kigelotto," arranged by
Lizst, and the "Gondolier Intermezzo"
that wasn't. •.
The selection was mistaken. Indubi
tably it* is not as a rival to Harold
,Bauer that Blind Tom shines. His play
ing, all by car, is wonderful enough, in
that way, and it is further inforrrted
with a pretty tenderness of tone and
feeling. He has, too, what would be
called a neat technique, if it had been
made in Germany, and an astonishing
memory. But as a serious pianist he
is simply not on the map. Again, what
the Orpheum wants Is the freak. Blind
Tom is the best musical freak I know.
His recitals here of ten years ago at
tracted musicians of all sorts through
h5s varied feats of memory and tone
making 1 .
BEARXAIS' SECURE
DECISIVE VICTORY
Murdered Man Formerly In
ternal Revenue Collector
and Chief Clerk at Mint
•'^IcFaddeifs Flats" at Cali
i fornia Proves One of the
Funniest of Productions
E1GHTEEX-CABAT FARCE
PARTICULARS MEAGER
Annual Election of the
French Mutual Benefit So
ciety Results in the Rout
i>f Canac-Marquis " Forces
Robert Barnett, a Popular
Politician of This State,
Killed at Mexican Line
Tom the Xegro, in Return
Engagement, Shows Him
self a Remarkable Freak
FACTIONS
FIGHT FOR
DIRECTOBS
SHOT TO DEATH
BY A LABORER
PLUS PIANO
THOUGH BLIND
THE SAN ; FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY; APRIL 4, 1904;
Lor Cabin' "The bread with a flavor." Ack
four dealer— wholesale — 900 Dolores at. *
BERLIN. April 3.— Bobby Walthour,
the American bicyclist, won a fifty
kilometer bicycle race at Sportsman's
Park. Frlendau. this afternoon, de
feating the German Robl, who holds
the European championship, and
Rys*>r. Denke and Salsmann and
Bruisson.
Cyclist Walthour Wins ut Berlin.
April v 3— Senator Allison
was very much better and may attend the ses
sion of the Senate • to-morrow. ; ; ' "
SACRAMENTO. April 3. — California
State Lea gue: Sacramento 4. Oakland
3. Thirteen innings. ' Batteries-
Brown and Kaymer; Pratt and Ham
mond. Hits: Sacramento 8, Oakland 5
SAN JOSE. April 3— California State
League Score: .
6an Jose......r; 7 10 4
San Francifcco 5 5.5
Batteries— Emerson and Arellanes; Nagle and
liyrnc*.
State League Scores.
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
toz^. THE LUCKY DAY
Kr-. WAS MARCH lOUi;
Your money will be refunded on all cash checks of March 10— -
the Lucky Day-^the I one selected' on\ February [29 z by one , of the
managers of, the daily papers. A sheet bearing date of, the lucky
day was by him placed in an envelope and sealed. -The same was
opened 6n\ Friday, } April 1, in the presence of a committee .of
representative newspaper men. All cash duplicates stamped with
this . date -will be redeemed: in\ cash at our office: on the second-
floor between the hours of 9 and 12 a. m. and 2 and 6 p. m. daily.
We take^ this opportunity itoithdnk our many, customers for their
generous-, patronage during the past month. Look over your
duplicates carefully.
¦ :-' ¦ . ' - ' •¦ . ¦ - ;
ADVERTISEMENTS. .._._.- l" -
WASH DRESS GOODS
We have now received our 'Complete Importation
of NEW WASH DRESS FABRICS for Spring and
Summer. We will have on sale this week a most
elegant assortment of New'Printed Dimities, French a
Chalys, Mercerized Foulards, Printed Organdies,
English Galateas, Shirting Percales, Japanese
Crepes, Scotch Zephyrs, Crash Suitings, White
Piques, Covert . Cloths, Scotch Cheviots, Scotch
Tennis Flannels, Madras, Ginghams and Egyptian
Tissues. v>
SIX SPECIAL LINES.
Scotch Cheviots. English Galateas.
300 pieces 32-lnch Scotch 15 cases New EnallsU
Cheviots, in. Stripes and Galateas, in a good range
PlfllnColops. Verumuch or latest patterns. Thes3
in demand for Skirts and aoois msasure 29 inciias
Shirt wakk wide and are in Stripes,.
Shirt Wai^ ChTCkS| DQts ana SmIl .
trice J5C Yard F ] gureSj Prlcc | 5c yard
Egyptian Tissue. Chambray Ginghams.
175 pieces Egyptian Tls- 20 cases Genuine Cham-
sue, in Light, Dark and hrau Ginghams, in about
Medium Colorings. These 200 different patterns,
are in Plaids, Stripes lndudlngStrlpes, Checks
and Checks. . «nd Plain Colors.
Price 25c Yard Pr ' c ,e I2#c Yard
. Scotch Tennis Flannel.
Irish Dimities. 8 cases 30-Inch Best Qual-
250 pieces Printed Irish Itu Scotch Tennis Flannel,
Dimltu, in Stripes, Floral We have them in all th3
Designs and Small and New Colorings, Stripes,
Medium Figures. All Plain, Small and Medium.
f new Colorings, Checks and Plain White.
Price 25c Yard Price 35c Yard
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
W, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOUR QUALITY FOOD STORES
426-432 Pine St., San Francisco, • • • Telephone Private Exchange 1.
230-234 Sutter St. u • • • *' w . )^.
2829 California St " -' - - ," West 101
Cor. 13th and Clay St. Oakland • •\-> l ~ Main 1
•* The qualitv of the food you eat is as
/ \ important as' the kind of books you
s / JK&tr^sPK \ re?*d, as the sources of your amuse-
L , J A£*^&3*\?K VoL-\ rncnt. as the training of your children,
/ ££& JSr*'*. ra V^^i) and al! that pertains to better living.
te»fcS4>£2 V-3| L-<tS^ Quality is the essential element in
P^Z' everything we sell.
\ V^lfiis^*^ I Article* sold at Special Sale price*
V 1^ y unless ordered trith other goods not
>^"™ 1^ /(^'^ delivered C. O. D.
Quality and Price Sale All the Week
Groceries
Table Butter— 2 lb square— full weight 45
r..« A T.«ie The choicest imported Java & Mocha Coffee 37 j4
CUriO iea5 bere-Snavors t iu , an 1 qr.
* This blend contains o ID can l. jo
Darjeeiing-lndian Orange- jfc^Sf ** tost
Pekt>e golden tipped lb $ i.~O Try our best co ff ee -make it yourself-
Basket Fired ( S i!fr r ) Japan 2 a breakfast in itself— good coffee as
low as 20c lb
Formosa Oolong—r^d " 3 Fruits— Alcaide 3 cans 50
Any flavor packed in canister Pears-apricots— 1.90
without extra charee Plums— egg and golden drop
It's particular people to whom we Peaches (yellow or whiter—
love to cater— especially in fine teas— rez'ly 20c— $2.25 doz
. SSf?ff^?l"^* Baby Pim-Olas 6o*i5
Olives with Pimientos-reg'ly 20c bot
Bouillon , Capsules-Ante', 25 CatSup _ Blue Label 20
u. , c- r>- Poultry Dressing 2 oz 3 for 25
reg'iy 40c-f 4.50 dcr Pryamid Night Lights 40
_.., *;. Reg'ly 60c-*5.50 doz- 4.50
LuCCa Oil — Sublime 50 11 in box each burns 8 hours
&SE3l?KwS!£X « S - 75 Pickies-Cr.s« & BUAweU lp t20
b Chow Chow— Gherkins— pt35
Instantaneous Tapioca Mixed-reg'iy 25c-40c-70c bot 4 t 6 o
Reg'ly 10c-*l.l0 dor-£ lb 3 for 25 Crystola— Scouring soap 40
r* e iy special Kirk's— reg'ly 60c doz
Oatmeal-extra- JadM 45c 35 Ferris Bacon - ib.21
Oat GroatS > * F f «h shipment arrived
Graham Flour J 35c 25 Chutney-Bombay-india-R. b. & Co.
Pearl Barley } , Reg , lv $_^ 5 &_#«
Pearl Tapioca > 6 lbs 2o special 30c— 3.40 50c— 5.80
Farina — Sago ) Pineapple—Grated 3 cans 35
Reg'ly 4 lbs 25 Cocktail-for fruit ices- doz 1.25
Spiced Anchovies 30 A fl.50 doz
H kegs— reg'ly 45c— AppleS—For pies 3 cans 25
for an appetizing salad Reg'ly 10c-$1.10 doz case 2 doz 1 90
Bismarck Herring- 40 Apricots-Evaporated 15
Rtz'W 50c can-a fish delicacv- P , C 2 '>' .;£ ">- . £ lbs |1
Pickled-boneless , stew u : lth other frults
. , 4 - ¦' Maple Syrup— Log Cabin
Frankfurter Saugages 15 \ t & O z jgaT d Ol r *i do.
Fresh everyday— " 2 lbs 25 rtg'ly 40c-$4.50 76c-J8.50 1.25-$14. ',
ree'ly 20c lb special 35- 4.20 65c- 7.50 1.15- 13.75
pints— reg'ly 25c 20
Lemons-Reg'iy25cdox 15 Moth Balls 4 lbs 25
Reg'ly 10c lb— protects carpets—
Flower Seeds Discount 10% curtains-portiere— blankets— clothes
Bowen's best-always reliable- wh!le y° u ' re awa y
now :s the time to plant them Chloride Lime— Disinfectant 20
C j A household necessity — $2
Ca " °y reg'ly 25c-*2.50 doz % gal bot
Cough Drops— reg'ly 25c lb 20 Crackers— Always fresh
Flaxseed — lemon — wild cherry — . retiy speda],
hore-hound Royal Sodas— Carton 10c 3 for 25
T , ffloc D •;, oe ,. o^ Coquette " 20c 15 1
Ta & R h e 4iL^o'L u ,-p«n; o « SnoV Flake " »c ' ™
£• . Walnut Creams -V 20 j
Burnt Almonds-reg'iyib 50c 35 Ping-Pong > 15oz
French Nougat ? 50c 40 Cocoanut Wafers j * Tfor 50
House Furnishings
Chopping Knife 20 Sa it Box-Reg'iy 50c 30
Cast steel blade-reg'ly 25 Blue and white porcelain
Chopping Bowl 15 Sanitary Closet Brush 25
Round— 13 Inches — reg'ly 20c Broom corn-round head-long handle
Ag !| e ,|iXo P v?r-r tJ Mv 80c 65 Hn"wjJer-Reg-|y 15c 10 j
_. Heav>' block tin-2 quarts
lea Pot— Reg'ly 40c 30 Waffle Irons No 7 70
£ 3 pts-brown stone ware Wa fivJ?5S $1.10 No! 8 8^
French Knives— Trumpet brand Carpet Sweeper— Bisseil 1.95
laehe* 4 5 . 6 7 i 9 w a good one— reg'ly $2.50
%8S ??c^?ac 3 2l^cgcfoc CGa^Heater-Suvio . 55
Toilet Articles"" *" burner ~ regIy^
Cold Cream— Pinaud's 35 Talcum Powder-Lady Jeanette
rcg'ly 40c AntisepUc-reg'ly 10c box 2 for 15
Gosn ell's Tooth Paste 30 Smelling Salts— Crown 40
Reg'ly 35c jtr Lavender — reg'ly 50c large bottle
Camelline-Reg'iy 35c bot 30 Dental Powder-coJgat«3cans50
Florida Water a* Brillaritine -Vee-o-lay 20
m 2£ xi i o k ? « Im ? arts lu$tre t0 tot hair-
Murrey & Lanman s 2 bots 85 reg ly 25c bottle
Liquor Department
Highland Nectar-Scotch whisky Sherry-Pale Harmony
RegMy »& »l1 tt S $ 1 L ?5 $ ll $ 1»
«n»riai i ik i« j r»\ speaai i.io io * 4.0O
speaal ,1.16 13 4.6O Exceptionally fine old Spanish wine
Caledonian Liqueur 1.10 <;«^ 1^
n c 1 p»<r'Kr *i hk «« j I« oarbapaniia — boda 1.00
£ D.CL—Regly 11.35-515 doz 13 Schweppe's-reg'ly $1.60 dor .
Is— Imperial 90 Claret—Extra V. V. Zanfandef
lIS^^^f'T $10.50 pUd.« ,Udot fl
reg ly f \.25-t 12 doi / * Rej'ly $2.15 $3.60 $1 \
Whisky— Old mellow Rye sped * 1 L7 ° 2 M 7o^
Reg'ly "fl $1O°.6O %
special , 75c 8 4
Weekly Cigar Sale \ f : k
Your money-back if cigars don't \A
ccme up to your satisfaction /. irst time ever offered.on.Spedtl.
_ . 7 bale „ . . retly . apcctal
That s why you ought to try our Damas < »•¦ j-^ t^
!1 S ars - Conchitas 50 6.50 6.00
Money-back is a sign of a mer- Concha
•Jiant's confidence Bouquet Extra 50 7.00 6.20
Ladies' may purchase cigars here avit a 100 9.50 7.50
-n,oney-back-th,f S Why ™£° lQM gM
Your
Opportunity
China
Crockery
: Glasswaro
Enamel Waro
High Grade m\
Ornaments
bosLoff
It pays
to trade
at
Great American importing Tea Co.
S61 Market 210 Grant ave. 1419 Polk
140 Sixth 1S1S> Devlsadero 705 Larkin
475 Haieht 3006 Sixteenth 355 Hares
22*5 Mission 521 Montg" ave. 52 Market
200S Filltnore 251« Mission. 146 Ninth
366 Third- > 2732 l'4th - 46!> Fourth
Rheumatism
Neuralgia ,-
Malaria
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine*
or your money returned. Price,
60c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. . People, cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
tjSg®^ YOU WEAR 0
**^§^ GLASSES i
Are they soothing and restful? Do they re-
lieve the strain, blurring and tiring of the eyes?
IC not, use Geo. Mayerle's Antiseptic Eyeglass
J -wipers — 15c, 2 for 25c. German Eyewater by m
mail. 62c. Makes w»ak eyes strong, sore ey*a »
well. GEO. MATERLE, German Expert Os-
tlclan. 1071 MARKET ST.. S. . F. • ,
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
OTIARASTEED CUBE FOB Z/IT.ZS.
HARMLESS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
cases in a t^s days. , Warranted to euro
worst cases.' HO OTEEX TSSATKEITT I
BEQUIBED. Prevents and Cures Stric- '
tures. PREVENTS CONTAGIO2T. Harm-
less. % 2.00 for both bottles.' For sale only
T. 8. CILT'S PHABMACT. 103 Eddy.
__^ ' ;
BAD WAT'S READY UEXXET has stood
unrivaled before the public lor SO years ij »
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and Quickly
Sore Throats. Inflaenxa. Bron. -
chltls. Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia. ' .
Headache. Toothache and alt pain. Internally.
lor Malaria and all Bowal Pain. All drusrms.