JURY'S VERDICT DOOMS MRS. BOTKIN
TO SPEND HER LIFE BEHIND THE BARS
VOLUME XCY— NO. 130.
Forecast made at San rra=
clsco for thirty boon eadiaff
xcidnlp**. April 3:
Z*ranclsco aad vicinity—
S*a!r Triday; cooler la the after*
noon; fresh west -wind.
o. n. vrrLMO!?,
Local Forecaster*
/"AM satisfied with the verdict. While I expected the jury
to impose the death penalty, still I think that justice has
been' done ami a great victory icon.
DISTRICT ATTORNEY LEWIS F. BYIXGTON'!
BYINGTON SATISFIED
WITH THE VERDICT
WRECKAGE OX SHORE
WSSA TELLS OP A DISASTER
'ASTORIA. Or., April 7.— Large
quantities of lumber, evidently from*
some coasting vessel, were washed
ashore * at Gearhart- Park to-dav. The
lumber came in from 'the south, but
nothing was .washed ashore by which
the vessel . from '.. which v the lumber
came could be' identified. . 'Persons ar
riving report, that scores of dead sea
gulls have been washed : ashore * cov
ered with crude petroleum and thai
large cakes of soft' petroleum,vwere
also washed ashore. " It -is believed
that some ; oil-burning * coaster .¦ carry-
Ing a cargo of lumber; has been lost'
Lectures Arouse Interest.
The addresses of Miss Louise Hol
lister, lecturer and /organizer of the
National Woman's Christian Temper
ance Union, have aroused quite an In
terest in the .work of the organization
among the young people, an imme
diate result of. which will be a meet
ing this evening at 8 o'clock at 132
McAllister street. This is for the pur
pose of organizing a Young Woman's
Branch and completing plans for a
mass- meeting, at which Miss Holllster
will speak. All young people are
especially " Invited
I VI would be willing to have the twelve
Superior Court Judges of this ; city try
this case.-as has •' been - said by Mr.
Knight,* on ¦• the evidence and - the law.
There Is nothing stronger than a chain
of circumstantial evidence. You "can't
"I hope it. will never devolve upon me
to stand at the grave of the dead and
defile their, names in behalf of a de
fendant standing in guilt as this de
fendant is. Chief ' Lees performed his
work honorably,. and one of the monu
ments to his name is the accumulat
ing of circumstances to tie guilt to this
woman's name. , • .
Almost the entire time at the Botkin
trial yesterday was taken up by Dis
trict- Attorney Byington's closing ar
gument for the prosecution and Judge
Carroll Cook's charge to the Jury. At
4:30 p. m. the case went to the Jury. Dis
trict Attorney *Byington. in his argu
ment, which he began as soon as court
opened, said In part: *v •
"I agree with Mr. Knight: we want
you gentlemen ~to try this case ac
cording to the law of the . State
and the evidence, of the witnesses. It
is not a question of Mr. Knight's per
sonality in this case. Even if George
A. Knight comes before you and says
he wants to meet" Dick Brown in the
hereafter and tell him he defended his
daughter, that has nothing to do with
case."
Mr. Byington/ next took up the at
tack of counsel for the .defense upon
the late Chief" of Police Lees and said:
Mr. Byington. next went on to review
the testimony and'invited\the;interrup
tion of ¦. defendant's i counsel '¦. if i he -did
not state ' facts. -J-." We ;.", have brought
witnesses . here whose veracity and ¦ in
tegrity have. never been- questioned and
God - only knows ..why they* have been
reviled .'¦ by. Mr.*.-'; Knight;" -he,: said.
"There. is; something; I -witnessed yes
terday . that" is an; outrage .'upon ; the
honorable profession of.' the. law. Miss
Bateman: ma v.. hold; her ' head as high
as, any, person; ini this: land.;' She has a
father and' a brother. \ No~ rrian ' has ever
questioned iher, integrity * and ; truthful ••
ness. Mr. t Knight i asked : -,?' -Where •" Is
Miss Bateman ? . - Stand ¦ up before - this
Jury.' -Think of that.' /Would -you > want
your, mother, ..wife .or,. sister. called. out
VERACITY OF. WITNESSES.
The District Attorney next .took up
that, portion, of the closing argument
of the defense about the sleuths of the
Police Department- sending innocent
people to San Quentin. "That is ab
surd, and you kriow that it could not
be done without the help of .the Dis
trict Attorney's > office and his Honor
on the bench," he said. "If this'de
fendant is found' guilty of murder in
ttoe first degree," mete out : to "her the
full nenalty- of the law. ' Before the
dawn of civilization 1 your God apd my
God:on Mount Sinai "saia. 'Thou shalt
not kill.', and. you. know that other ex
tract from : Holy Writ, *H.e that kills
his fellow : man shall die.' .
get away . from, the web .of, circum-i
stances that- surrounds Cordelia Bot
kin, and Mr. Knight cannot dispose q£
the facts in this case with "a wave of
the hand.'V * /
¦ •'.'.'Those ', two^ women , died \ from " arseni
cal s poison! ng and all : through this case
He then went on to. tell the jury that
every one who ate the candy •¦ that
night was poisoned 1 and that those
who.did, not showed ,no symptoms of
poisoning. . . "It has been * said by Mr.
McGowan,- that. -there '.was-' no autopsy
and_ that arsenic was : an indestructi
ble 'poison .which would be preserved
in bodies * for ; years," Byington said.
"That is, trueif the body is not em
balmed. But jthe body had in' this case
been embalmed before suspicion "was
attached "to the candy.' and all" traces | of
arsenicar poisoning/ had; been lost."
Here Byington endeavored to go: into
the details of; the -Bowers case, but an
objection ..,by McGowan was : sustained
by the "court. '¦'^£jj§3$^ttp!(§Bfi
"There .- Is ; no j doubt " : that . Mrs. Dun-;
ning^and: Mrs. Deane went'^to their
graves .without knowing they] had'been
poisoned," " continued - the District At
torney. .-v"LiyIhg . in the ; little -town', of
Dover;' they ' did not^ know . there was
anybody, on 'God's (footstool low enough
or? base -enough to send -them under
the " token ~; ot r love a.'[ box of ; poisoned
candy, f In: any; rural .town = if |aj family
had ; received candy ;under,- the same cir
cumstances ?the same f' course -x would
have" beeh^follawcd : as ; was; followed\ln
the-; Pennmgton family and » they, would
have"; died. ;¦', : * "~ ,:-'>: : :}'/J-^> : ~ ¦¦¦;': ' .^ >r
before a crowd like this? I say it is
an outrage and the same as to Dr.
Bishop. 'What right .did Mr. Knight
have to turn that : finger of scorn .to
ward Dr. . Bishop? I say that every
witness 'we .have produced is a credi
ble witness."
Byington Charges Jury to Bring in a Verdict of Guilty
and Mete Out Extreme Penalty of Death.
WOMAN WHO HAS BEEN DECLARED GUILTY OF MURDER IN THE FIRST' DEGREE FOR HAVING CAUSED THE DEATH
OF MRS. JOHN P. DUNNING BY SENDING HER A BOX OF POISONED CANDY. MAN WHO SECURED HER CONVIC
TION AND SCENES IN COURTROOM. T - > , . ¦ ,- .
KNIGHT SAYS THE VERDICT IS UNJUST
/ALWAYS accept Jhe verdict of ay jury. Of course zve shall appeal to the Supreme Court
for a nezu trial. I do not believe that the Supreme Court .will ever sustain such a verdict. No
one should -ever be convicted of murder on ; such^rjidence as ivasinp'oducedby]thc: prosecution
in this case. Look at their evidence— it's an' injustice. I have no doubt that Mrs. Botkin will
be granted a neiti trial. — -Statement by George A. Knight, Attornc\ for Mrs. Botkin.
The testimony if VDr. Stone and
Druggists Gray and Grey 'was com
mented upon, i also the statement mado
by the 'defendant ¦ to Mrs. Ruoff that
something told her the relationship be
tween, her,. Mrs. Botkin, and "Jack"
Dunning; would be closer than ever.
Byington contended that there was
murder' in her heart at that time. ':-?<'.
: "I: believe her testimony that when
in>;Healdsburg at- the midnight" hour
the .-walls'; seemed to be closing. in upon
her and some one seemed . clutching . at
her throat.",, he said. „ "She" has experi
enced that; feeling : many times since.
Mr. "1 Knight has said that ¦ womanhood
shrinks from this' woman at* the tbar.
Thank . God that, the instincts ; of true
motherhood and womanhood and ¦, de
cency, shrink ; from this , woman."
The District Attorney -brought out
The speaker here took up the attack
of the defense^ on the expert testimony.
He referred to" the Fair will contest and
the Craven will, and how Knight lauded
Kytka at that time. ,
The next point touched upon was Mrs.
BotkhVs statement to Mrs. Ruoff that
three anonymous letters had been sent
to» Dover, Del., before that fact was
known to any one in this city. He said
that Miss Livernash was told the same
and read from Mrs. Botkin!^ testimony
to bear out his contention. "She told
Mrs. Ruoff that the letters were in a
scrawly hand," said Byington. "Mrs.
Botkin sticks out of every sentence in
the letters. She said in her cross-exam
ination that she saw two of the letters
in the newspapers. Those letters were
never published until after her arrest.
She knew it because she wrote them.
"Airs. Botkin has told you, that she
went down one flight of stairs .in, the
hotel on ; Sunday morning and tele
phoned to Dr. Terrill. The physician
says .he was at. an operation and did
not receive any 'phone message from
Mrs. Botkin until Sunday. July 31. be
tween the hours of 2 and 3 p. m. Why
would she want to He? It is an evi
dence of her guilt. She lied about the
anonymous letters and the fact that
Dr. Terrill visited her Sunday."
During this portion of Mr. Byington's
argument Mrs. Botkin showed that she
was uncomfortable.
Byington next reviewed the testimony
relative to the purchase of the candy,
and said it was not necessary to prove
positively that the purchaser was Mrs.
Botkin. "In size and appearance the
witnesses say the woman who made the
purchase resembled the . • accused
woman, and there are not many persons
whose appearance, size and movements
of the body resemble Mrs. Botkin."
He pointed out the testimony of Mrs.
Price and Mrs. Smith relative to see
ing Mrs. Botkin with a package in her
hand on the Sunday she is alleged to
have purchased the chocolates. He'satf:
"She stayed in her room that night and
the next night. She was concocting this
diabolical scheme to kill Mrs. J. P. Dun
ning. At the midnight hour she was
manipulating the chocolates. She left
the Hotel Victoria on August 4, the day
the candy was mailed. She wanted to
set 'away from the ; scene of her crime
and put the package in the mail on her
way to St. Helena."'
31 URDER IX HER HEART.
the defense has shifted from one theory
to another,"
Byington next dwelt upon the symp
toms 1 of arsenical -poisoning, saying:
"The motive in this case points to one
person alone, and that is the defendant.
Knight has said that lump arsenic can
not be bought. It was in the candy,
and some one put it there."
PURCHASE OF CANDY.
Byington went over the testimony of
a number of witnesses, and then in
troduced the supposed sensation of the
prosecution. An array of awe-inspir
ing microscopes had lined the table of
the District Attorney all day, and he
offered to show the jury by. them that
the inks on the wrapper of the box of
candy and on the anonymous letters
were the same. McGowan objected,
and after some discussion Judge Cook
sustained the obiection. and the micro
scopes were taken away. Much time
was devoted to the exemplars of hand
writing In evidence.
The District Attorney closed -with a
strong appeal to the jury to return ~a
verdict of guilty. Judge Cook then read
a lengthy charge. In his instructions
he said the relationship between Mrs.
Botkfn and Dunning should not b«
taken into consideration. He also.in
formed the Jury that the motive need
not be positively established.
. At -4:30 p. m. the Jury, retired, and
as no verdict had ¦ been reached in an
hour the members were sent to supper.
At iloon a recess was taken until 2
o'clock and during the afternoon ses
sion Byington again took up the. cud
gels in behalf of the late I. W. Lees.
He said: "It belittles any attorney to
stand by the grave of the dead and
throw mud. It does not take a valiant
man to kick a dead lion, and that ia
what Lees was. Knight did not dare
to say anything about him at the for
mer trial."
MICROSCOPES RULED OUT.
"John P. Dunning might have satis
fied Mr. Knight and Mr. McGowan if
he had been false to the memory of hi3
wife and had said, *I will never go
back to California. I know she pois
oned my wife, but I will stay away
from California; I will not assist the
officers by, announcing the truth from
the witness stand.' He said. 'I will
make some atonement. It will not be
a pleasant task to face Mr. Knight
again, to be subjected to his Jeers an<i
jibes.' I honor him for doing what he
could."
"She did not want to go to the Phil
ippines, but to Cuba, so as to be near
Dunning," said the District Attorney.
"Something has been said about J. P.
Dunning. I am not here to palliate
what he has done. Mrs. Botkin has
said she dragged him from the gutter.
She did it by taking him to the race
track and back to her room, where she
filled him with whisky so that her son
had to put him to bed. ...
what he deemed a most important bit
of testimony. He called attention to
the fact that in the letter to Governor
Budd, Mrs. Botkin asked for a position
as nurse~ In the Philippines, whereas
Dewey had not yet entered Manila Bay
and there was no thought of sending
troops to the islands until some time
afterward.
"The defense may appeal the case to
the Supreme Court, but I am positive
the appeal will be fruitless. We have
proved beyond the shadow of a doubt
that she is the murderess of Mrs. John
P^ Dunning, and she will have to suffer
for her crime. The evidence we intro
duced wasstrong at every point and the
chain of circumstances so well connect
ed that the attorneys "for the defense
could not break it, try as they would.
The verdict is a just one and a triumph
for the people."
"I am well satisfied with the verdict
of the jury," said District Attorney
Byington, "and while I worked hard for
and expected a verdict of hanging, still,
under the existing circumstances, I am
of the opinion that ample justice has
been. done. It was a long, and tedious
ordeal and a great strain on the prose
cution, yet we proved our case clearly
and beyond a doubt, and I am confi
dent that Mrs. Cordelia Botkin will
spend the remainder of her life in prison
for the heinous crime of which she
stands- convicted.
At the end of her second trial Mrs.
Cordelia Botkin finds r-erself con
demned once more to imprisonment for
life for murdering Mrs. John P. Dun
ning in IS3S.
At 11:15 o'clock last night the jury
filed into court and announced its ver
dict to be guilty of murder in the first
degree, with imprisonment for life as
.the penelty. The defendant has thus
been condemned by twenty-four citi
zcr.5= of San Francisco within six years.
The stoical woman heard the verdict
without visible emotion, except quick
ened breathing, then lapsed into the
mood that has been hers for six years.
The crowd in the courtroom listened
with breathless interest. If any ex-
P» cted a dramatic finale or the prostra
tk-a of the prisoner they were disap
pointed. Many eyes were upon the con
dtmned. but they beheld a picture of
silence, not a scene of noisy emotion.
In anticipation of the prisoner's col
lapse and of a demonstration by the
audience. Judge Code instructed the
sheriff and tiis deputies to take special
pains to preserve^ order. He admon
ished the crowd that any demonstra
li<. n would be regarded as contempt of
court.
Jiints and tendencies during the ar
pument of defendant's attorneys fore
shadowed a breakdown, but the ex
pected did not happen, and the morbid
ly furious women, who forsook their
l espective households during the prog
ress of the trial, probably \vent away
disappointed.
In the throng attendant upon the last
trfnes of the trial was John P. Dnn
ri'ng. He sought an inconspicuous
j'laee. but he was there to be in at the
finish, as it were, of his wife's murder
er and the woman who ome loved him.
Punning did not make his appearance
until the afternoon session and during
the latter portion of District Attor
ney Byington's masterly address. He
wore a sack suit of light brown and
was an interested spectator. He often
jrlancd in the direction of the orison
er. but owing 1 to the fact that her
back was turned she was oblivious of
hip presence.
DELAWARE WITNESSES NEAR.
All of the Delaware witnesses were
in or near the courtroom at the ren
dering at the verdict. They made no
comment* but appeared satisfied that
Justice had been done.
•The jury retired at exactly half past
4 o'clock and it was an anxious hour
that Mrs. Botkin spent until the an
nouncement was made that the
jurors would be taken to supper and
an adjournment taken until 8 o'clock.
She sat at the table by the fide of her
Fister and was intensely interested in
« copy cf the New Testament. Page
after page of the Holy Writ she pe
rused until she was taken upstairs to
the City Prison to remain there dur
ing the absence of the jury.
At S o'clock the jury returned and
again began their deliberations. The
crowd in the courtroom had not per
ceptibly thinned out and new recruits
came in droves.
At a quarter past 9 Judge Cook was
informed that the jury desired some
further instructions and accordingly
the twelve men filed into the box. In
reply to a question of the court whether
a verdict had been reached Foreman
Hyman stated that they had not
reached one. He informed the court
that Boms of the jurors wanted the
testimony of Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Price
and Dr. Terrill and some of the ex
hibits in the cse. Judse Cook in
formed the jury that it was against
the statutes to take any transcript of
testimony into the room with them,
but if there was no objection it would
:;ot be improper to read it to them.
As both the prosecution and the de
fense were willing. Judge Cook called
for ih<» transcripts.
Foreman Hyman informed the court
th*>t the only portions of the testimony
of Mrs. Price and Mrs. Smith desired
wore those relative to Dr. Tcrrill and
July Cl. 1S?S. . Judge Cook granted the
rruuest. and read the sections desired
and also portions of the • testimony
"riven by the physician. The note in
•hi> candy bon. "Love to yourself and
baJiy." and the acknowledged exem
plar ot Mm. B 'tkin's handwriting, tak
en from the Ruoff Jotter, "My love,
would that 1 could be with yvu," were
also asked for. and the jury retired
ncain to endeavor to arrive at a* ver
dict. '
JURORS TAKE TIME.
An hour dragged by and still no
agreement. Every one was becoming
cnxious. but Mrs. Butkin gave no sign
of nervous strain. At half past ten
Judge Cook requested the jurors to
advise him whether they desired to be
locked un for the night. The request
came hack that the jury be permitted
to deliberate until 11 o'clock. This an
' nouncement warranted hope of an
agreement. At last the bell in th«»
tower tolled eleven times almost
mournfully,- .but still no word
from the Jury-room. Judge Cook had
After the jurors had been discharged
by Judge Cook they immediately re
turned to the- Palace Hotel to collect
their belongings, and socrn afterward
left for their homes. Most of the men
were reluctant to discuss the case and
few of them had anything to say con
cerning their deliberations. It appears
that during the six hours of delibera
tion twelve ballots were taken. The
first ballot resulted in a disagreement,
five men voting fc-r acquittal and seven
voting guilty. This ballot was taken
for the purpose of determining the
guilt or innocence of the accused and
with- no view as to the penalty.
Balloting continued and "many dis-;
cussions ensued. One of the jurors in
particular stood. firm in his belief that
Mrs. Botkin. should be given her lib
erty, and it was due to him that the
jury remained out as long as it did.
On " the eleventh ballot a unanimous
vote of guilty was returned. Then the
penalty was fixed. All of the men stood
firm for the minimum punishment,
there being- no - one. to \ speak in favor
"of the death penalty.
Juror Jacob. GoetJcn_was J . Questioned
regarding' the attempt to bribe" him,
but refused to make any statement.
He was met at the hotel by. two mem
bers of his family, and hurried away,
Ignoring the queries addressed to him.-
He refused . to state the circumstances
surrounding . the alleged bribery or to
The impaneling of a jury for the sec
ond trial began In February and the
hearing of the case commenced ' on
March 14. From its beginning to its
finish the case was fraught with excit
ing incidents, the most sensational of
which was the declaration of Juror
Go<?tjen*that he had been approached
with an offer of money for a verdict in
the interest of the defendant. Since then
the last Jury has been kept constantly
together, , sleeping -.at night in apart
ments at the Palace Hotel, under the
watchful eye of a Deputy Sheriff.
Tk? two trials of Mrs. Botkin, in both
of which the verdicts were the same,
have cost the city of San Francisco
nearly $S0,O00, and have demanded in
one way or another the attention of the
judicial departments for five and a naif
years. Mrs. Dunning died in Delaware
on August_12, 1898, the day following
the death of her sister, Mrs..Deane.
who had also partaken of the poisoned
candy mailed to them by Mrs. Botkin.
Their deaths led to an investigation,
which was extended to this city and re
sulted In the indictment and arrest of
Mrs. Botkin early in November of the
same year. Her trial began before
Judge Cook, December 8, 1898. and a
verdict of murder in the Tlrst degree was
rendered by the' Jury on December 30.
Immediately afterward her attorneys
took an appeal to the State Supreme
Court and were granted a new trial on
the ground that the lower court had
erred in its instructions to. the jury on
the question of circumstantial evidence.
An appeal was also taken to the United
States Supreme Court on questions of
this Stale's jurisdiction in the case, but
the court ruled adversely to the appel
lant.
Xcarly Six Years Have Elapsed Since
Mrs. Bot kin's Arrest.
about made up his mind to place the
Jury i»the custody of the Sheriff until
this morning, when suddenly the elec
tric call at the end of the courtroom
began to ring.
A verdict had been reached and the
jury filed slowly into the jury box.
Judge Cook made his announcement
about order and the clerk called the
roll.
The silence was intense and after
what seemed an interminably long
time Judge Cook said: "Gentlemen of
the jury, have you agreed upon a ver
dict?" "We have, your Honor," said
Foreman Hyman. at the same time
handing the fateful slip of paper to the
court
"The clerk will read the verdict,"
said Judge Cook, and then in a de
liberate tone the officer of the court
read: "We. the jury, find the defend
ant. Cordelia Boikin. guilty of murder
in the first degree and fix and assess
her "punishment therefor at imprison
ment in the Stats prison 'for life."
QUIET AT THE CLOSE.
During this dramatic scene Mrs.
Botkin was a study. Her head rested
on .her hands and she gazed straight
ahead, without so much as a notice
able tremor. ' - -
Judge Cook thanked the jury, and
fixed April 16 as the day of sentence.
After adjournment there was the first
scene of excitement. A babel of voices
made it almost impossible to hear. Dis
trict Attorney Byington and Judge
Ferral were the recipients of congratu
lations frcm their legal friends, and
George A. Muight and Senator Mc-
Gowan addressed words of cheer to
their client.
Not a tear fell from her eves and
there was no appearance of dejection
In her manner. So vigorous had been
District Attorney Byington's plea for
the death sentence that the prisoner
apparently felt relieved to know that
she still had life before her.
After the courtroom was cleared.
Mrs. Botkin was taken by the deputy
sheriffs to a surrey which was waiting
at the front of the Hall of Justice. A
struggling, neck-craning mob of cu
rious people crowded around the car
riage to get a glimpse of the murderess.
Her sister stooped to kiss the pris
oner, and the sister's slight frame was
racked with sobs. Mrs. Botkin, cast
ing a disdainful glance at the crowd,
with a sneer on her face, said to her
sister, "Don't you worry, don't you shed
a tear," and with another scornfu 1 .
glance at the motley assemblage told
the deputy Sheriff that she was ready
to go back to jail.
«
HISTORY OF THE CASE.
state what condition he was in at the
time. The other jurors, while some of
them admit that the" had an inkling
of the scandal, are emphatic in stat
ing that if Goetjen was approached he
was certainly the only one. All of the
men expressed their satisfaction in be
ing released from their duty and most
of them say they hope to "never pass
through such an ordeal again.
Without Tears or Words Prisoner
Hears Clerk Read Fate.
Jurors Tell of Deliberations and of
Insinuation of Bribery.
TT]E, the jury, find the defendant, Cordelia Botkin. guilty of
LAS murder in the first degree, and fix and assess the pun
ishment ihtrcfer ai imprisonment in the State Prison for life.
MORRIS HYMAN, Foreman.
JURY FINDS WOMAN
GUILTY OF MURDER
~*c-'~it ii 3 THE THgATBTW.
¦A Icazar— "On the* Quiet."
Calif orala — "Mcrr^den's Flats."
Central— "Aroonl the World In
XUffhty Says."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Colombia — "Maai'scllo Napo
leon."
Pisdter'i — "Kismet."
Grand — "Divcrcon«."
Mechanic*' Pavilion — Circus.
- Orpheum — Vaudeville.
TivoU— "Mr. PickwicS."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, /APRIL .8,; 1904.
You held out too muck encouragement for me: 1 am resigned to my fate. 1 never expect to be
granted another trial. You have been too good to me. It is my — Statement made by Mrs. Bot
kin to her lawyers, Knight and McGqwan, immediately after the verdict was announced.
The San Francisco Call.BOSTON, April 7.— The failure of the Greene
Nervura Company was announced to-day. 'The
company - is • capitalized at • 92.800,000 and the
estimated liabilities are In excess of $300,000.
The Supervisors' Fire K Committee
yesterday laid over for -one week the
petitions of W. A. x Finch and W. J. Mc-
Dowell for. permission to maintain
boilers. in premises on Twenty-second
and Point Lobos; avenues : to give the
Point Lobos Improvement Club an op
portunity , to file obpections ; thereto.
Improvement" Club Objects.
The Little -Women's Club of 120B
Welch street is about to open a branch
of the institution. It;is necessary to
raise funds . for this • purpose and
therefore the executive ' committee ; has
decided to ' give an entertainment /and
dance at '- Golden Gate Hall • on - Mon
day'evening, April -18.
Benefit for Settlement Work.
Califomians in . New York.
NEW YORK, April 7.— The following
Callfornians are in New York: 'From
San Francisco— S. V. Carleton, at the
Continental ; t O. • A. ; N. Hall and Miss
K. : M. -Hall, at the New Amsterdam ;
Mrs. D. Hennies, at the Belvedere; "F.
C.Hotaling. 5 at the : Imperial; S. F..
Judah,.' at ; the Herald .Square; A. Lil
ienthal, at i the Hoffman r A. Mantz and
wife,' at the' Belvedere : H.iT. , Morphy
and ,* wife, at • the Kensington ; ~<i S. •. R.'
Harcourt, --at the Murray Hill; H.'Gut
zest 'and wife,' the ¦ Misses ; Malf anti, J.
Malfantl ¦ and J. Malfanti r Jr.;: at .the
Belvedere, and . Mrs. ; J. Sheehan, at ¦ the
Continental.' From Los' Angeles— Mrs.;
E; Cohen, at the i Belvedere. *v :
proposition of the union was rejected; and '
Whwea«, The general of fleers, 8kemp , and
Carrick, have ¦ been and are - now . continually
In the company of McCarthy, his attorney or
his ¦ minions, that they are wholly dominated
and influenced by said McCarthy and absolute
ly incapable of rendering an unbiased or im
partial decision; therefore be It . .' . . '
Resolved, That we. the District Council, rep
resenting I the majority of the ; painters, paper
hangers and decorators of. San. Francisco,-re
ject the unfair and arbitrary ¦ decision rendered
by J. C. Skemp. and demand ¦ a trial.' either
publicly or before some unbiased tribunal; and
belt further .'.--'. . ¦ ¦ .
Resolved, Pending a * fair trial of the dim
we, the regularly constituted District Council,
call upon all fair-minded and Independent trade
¦unionists to refuse to abide by this P. H. Mc-
Carthy decision "and in so doing have no fear
o£ the ability of said P. H. McCarthy, to make
the "climate of California unsuitable" for you;
and be it further -'•¦ •'¦ ¦ ' . : . .
Resolved, • That we hereby, challenge ; M. - P.
Carrick, J. C. Skemp, P. H. McCarthy or any
of hi» hirelings to publicly, debate the Justice
of our * position. ' ¦
(Seal.) 'iu.F. DANFORTH, President.
Donaldina Cameron, matron of the
Presbyterian . Home for Chinese Girls
at 920 Sacramento street, yesterday
applied for letters ' of guardianship
over .Hung Ng Mooie. Ah Leen and
Ah Ying, three Inmates of the home.
She states that they have no property,
but that it: Is necess*ary that aguar-.
dian should be appointed.
Would Guard Chinese Girls.
SAN, JOSE. April J.— John Canty, who ad->
mltJ he came to San Jose from* San Francisco'
to raise money enough to attend the St. Louis
Exposition, was arrested hece to-day for pick
ing pockets. Four purses and about $30 was'
found In his possessloa ' * **
Will Present Burlesque.
The Mohegians, an organization of
talented young men, will present a
musical, burlesque entitled "The Prin
cess of Bhong" at Steinway .Hall to
morrow night. The members of the
club have been rehearsing for the
event for many weeks and it gives
promise of being especially good.
Give Benefit Card Party.
A large card party was held at Na
tive Sons' Hall last evening for the
benefit of the San Francisco .Nursery
for Homeless Children. Many beau-;
tiful prizes were awarded the best
players at the conclusion of the play
ing. Euchre and whist were the
games played. . ;
PACKERS TAKE ACTION ,
~i TO COMPEL ACCOUNTING
SAN JOSE, April 7.— The Califor
nia: Packers' .Company to-day com
menced a suit- against Charles Down
ing and the Bank of Visalla for. an
accounting for 841,240 pounds "of
prunes. It is alleged that Downing,
who has a packing-house at Visalia,
ie indebted to plaintiff for .$15,190,
and the bank in a sum exceeding
$4200. :
• The complaint-States that on June
30, 1900, Downing entered into a con
tract with the Packers' Company, to
cure such prunes as were delivered to
him. * At Visalla in 1900 at the ware
houstf of Sweet & Co. the plaintiff de
livered to Downing 1,356,224 pounds
of prunes and plaintiff has not ac
counted for. 841,240-pounds of the
prunes. On information and belief
plaintiff 'alleges, that Downing, /with
intent to convert ¦ the same to .his own
use, sold the prunes -.unaccounted for
and applied a portion of ithe proceeds
to a private Indebtedness with the
Bank of Visalia in excess of $4200.
"The VJiIue In a ManV to Be the
Theme on Opening Xlght of
School's Spring Term.
So extensive has become the educa
tional work conducted by the San
Francisco Young Men's Christian As
sociation that both its day and even
ing classes are now conducted through
out the entire year. Monday evening,
•April 11, will occur the opening of' the
spring term. On that evening, at S
o'clock, Secretary H.J. McCoy, will.de
liver an illustrated lecture on the sub
ject "The Value in a. Man." , :
. Both before and after the lecture
the entire building will be open to vis
itors and a large reception committee
of young men will be. on hand to show
them through the parlors, the recrea
tion rooms and the large, gymnasium
and. to explain in detail the work con
ducted by the educational department.
Since January 1 200 new students have
registered in either the day or the even
ing classes. Since the beginning of
the present school year, July 1, 1903,
the total number of regularly enrolled
students has been : 580. 4
SECRETARY McCOY: WILL
SPEAK AT Y. M. C. A. ILYLL
I>oath of n Well -Known Actros.
BUFFALO, N. Y., April 7.— Mrs. Ed
ward Marshall, known on the stage as
Judith Bcroldo. died to-day of
anaemia. She had played in the com
panies of Fanny Davenport, E. H.
Kothrm, the younger Salvini and other
prominent actors.
Ex-Congressman !>»<*» of Pneumonia
NEW YORK. April 7.— Former Con
gressman Timothy J. Campbell died
T.>-day of pneumonia.
PERSONAL.
Governor and Mrs. Pardee are regis
tered at the Palace.
Lieutenant Commander Guy W.
Brown of the navy is at the Occi
dental. .
W. H. Pabst, a clerk at the Del
Monte Hotel, is up from Monterey and
registered at the Palace.
B. S. Grosscup, chief counsel for the
Northern Pacific Railroad at Seattle
and a brother of Judge Grosscup of
Chicago, is at the Palace.
Charles Innes-Ker, first cousin of the
Duke of Roxburghe, who has been visit
ing Monterey, arrived last evening at
the St. Francis.
Charles T. Hinde of San Diego and
J. B. Alexander of Los Angeles, repre
senting,the interests of J. D. Spreckels
& Bros, in the south, are at the Palace.
Ford Harvey of Kansas City, a mem
ber of the firm that has long catered
to the wants of the hungry travelers
along the route of the Santa Fe road.
Is at: the Palace. ' '
. W. O. Outhout, an \ Eastern capital
ist, who spends the greater part of his
time in' Santa Barbara, arrived from
the south yesterday with his wife and
is staying at the Palace.
. J. M. Herbert, former manager of
the Southern Pacific Company and
now general manager of the Colorado
Southern Railroad, arrived here yes
terday on a pleasure trip. -'.
The arrival yesterday : in the family
of Dr.: Morton Gibbons. of a bouncing
baby boy caused Traffic Director.- J. C.
Stubbs of ; the Harriman lines no end
of pleasure/inasmuch as the youngster
is his grandson.
Charles If. Kaiirs, Formerly of The
fall, a Victim of Tuberculosis.
ARTIST DICS IN HAS ADA.
OTTAWA, Ontario, April 7.— Charles
H. Kahrs is dead at Mount Ver
non, Ontario, of tuberculosis. He was
a facile and finished artist .ind was
t-onnected with' the Mail and Empire
r>t Toronto for a time. His cartoons on
rurrent political topics won his repu
tation. Kahrs went to San Francisco
years ago to accept a position with
The Call, wh^re he distinguished him
self as an artist, ire was only 34
years of age.
The troubles of the members of Lo
cal Xo. 19 of the Brotherhood of
Painters, Decorators and Paperhang
ers of America, which recently cul
minated in a row aiid the organiza
tion by the malcontents of a new
union, are to be aired in the courts.
Yesterday H. F. Sheehan, for himself
and on behalf of 950 other members
of the trade, filed two actions, one for
an injunction and $10,000 damages gsnd
the other for the recovery of the
property of the old union, against C.
E. Kurfsell, E. O. Brundage, H. L. An
drews and W. Hopps and 300 other
painters, members of the new union.
The injunction is to restrain the de
fendants from using the number 19 as
a designation for their organization,
the plaintiffs alleging that they have
the sole right to the number. . The
claim for damages Is based on the al
legation that by the use of the num
ber by the defendants the old organ
ization has been hurt In that a num
ber of artisans have Joined the new
body believing it to be the bona tide
union.
The property in question is very
valuable, according to the complaint.
It consists of the books of the old
union. $6000 in cash. 466 shares of
stock in the Organized Labor Publish
ing Company. 400 shares of stock in
the Progress Planing Mill and 400
shares of the Labor Temple Associa
tion. • .;¦¦'•¦ r '•
At a meeting of the District Council
of Painters and Paperhangers ,held on
Wednesday night at' 280 Jessie street
the following resolutions * were
adopted:
Whereas, As there has been for three months
disruption and ptrife within the ranks of
Painters' Union Local So. 19; and
Whereas. At the very besrinnlng of said
trouble it was charged by what 4s now known
an the *RurseIl-Brundajre faction that all said
trouble and disruption were caused at and
through the Instigation of P. H. McCarthy;
and
¦ Whereas, The eaid P. H. McCarthy caused
his minion* to i»end distorted accounts of said
troubles and causes that led up to the same
to the general officers of our brotherhood: and
"Whereas. Our general officers did render . a
decision in favor of the McCarthy faction of
Local Union No. 19 wholly on these distorted
statements of McCarthy's minions and that,
too. without having ever heard .one word from
the true and majority side of the union; and
• Whereas. The said P. H. McCarthy did.
while In Lafayette. Ind., assure the 'general
officers, of our brotherhood' that' he would
"make the climate of California unsuitable"
for those of our brotherhood who had refused
to abide by the unfair decision rendered on
wholly ex parte information as soon as they,
our general officers, g-ave him word to do so;
and
.Whereas. When finally, at our urgent re
quest, an official of our general executive
board did come out here to hold a fair (*)
and Impartial (?) InveKtlgatlon of the said
trouble that said general officer,* J. C. Skemp,
did place himself In direct communication with
P. II. McCarthy and his minions, absolutely
ignoring the majority side of the dispute- and
Whereas, The decision of J. C. Bkemp is
entirely at variance with the evidence sub
mitted, wholly arbitrary and unfair, and In
no wise founded on the principles of equity
and justice; and . "
. • Whereaa, When the general •eeretary-treas
urer. M. P. Carrtck. and Third General Vice
President J. C. Skemp attended the meeting of
Local Union "So. 19 held at B'nai B'rith Hall
last Monday evening. April 4.' a proposition wa*
submitted that in itar.lf proves that the union
¦was desirous of ending the . controversy, even
'though they had to yield a great deal to do
to; and
Wherea*. The e.-.id proposition seemed at the
meeting to meet the approval or Messrs. Car
rick and Skemp, but immediately after the
jneetlns they were Joined by P. IV McCarthy.
Trhoee Influence was tuch that the peaceful
Rival Factions of Painters'
Union Are Fighting Over
Possession of Property
Franz, Handel, more Schumann and
the big aria from "Samson et'Dalila"
of Saint-Saens were among the new de
lights introduced to us by Schumann-
Heink last night. at her second concert.
Further acquaintance only reveals
deeper treasures in this glorious sing
er's gift. She is big as Bauer is big—
as I thought and some one else said.
Her art is as nobly sufficient, tonic,
refreshing. One . can . sit back and
simply enjoy without reserve anything
the woman does, thanking the gods for
whatever critical faculty one possesses
in that it conduces only to further en
joyment. The vocal dimensions are
enormous, yet suffice only to voice the
greatness of heart and soul of the
singer. She has in truth a Titanic note,
as greatly sweet as it Is full, as finely
fine in its pianissimo as it is sweet.
In Handel's "Lascia" Schumann-
Heink found the noblest legato, great
full-breathed phrase, masterly in
its poise. The "Samson et Dallla"
aria — oh, so well accompanied by Miss
Hartman! — was given with utmost
dramatic magnificence. The singer's
notable capacity, for picture making
was notably exhibited in .the Schu
mann "Der Arme Peter" and the little
Schubert "Wohin." The latter was re
peated to a thunderous encore. Its rep
etition evoked another. Then Madame
came out to open her humorous mouth
into its biggest smile. The smile
evoked another. But we charitably let
her go then. As on Tuesday, the Hugo
Wolf "Heimweh," that was wisely re
peated—let ub have it again oh Satur-'
day, Madame — was encored lustily. It
is all sorts delicious. "The Lord Is
Near," with its fine religious fervor
highly attained by the singer, was
again given, and the altogether delight
ful '"Fruhlingslied" (Becker) was an
other. Saturday afternoon all of us as
is us goes again. • '
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Margaret Giblin Attacked
by Man Admitted to Flat
Where She Is Employed
Margaret Giblin, a domestic, em
ployed by Mra. Agnes J. Connolly, a
teacher in the public schools, living
at 1319 Leavenworth street, was as
saulted by an unknown youns man on
Wednesday morning in the hallway of
her employer's first-floor flat.' . The
police believe the deed was prompted
by enmity for Mrs. Connolly and that
Miss Giblin's assailant mistook" her for
her mistress.
Mrs. Connolly owns the Rats at
1315-1319 Leavenworth street and re
cently had trouble with one of her
tenants, Mrs. Alice Andrews, who oc
cupied the flat No. 1315. Mrs. An
drews changed her abode several
weeks ago, and, according to Captain
Martin of the detective - force, sho
vowed at that time to be revenged on
Mrs. Connolly. The police are 'inves
tigating the possibility of any connec
tion existing between this alleged
threat and the attack on Mrs. Con
nolly's maid.
On Wednesday morning at 9 o'clock.
Miss Glblin was summoned to the door
by the ringing of the bell. A stranger
said he had seen a notice on the door
of No. 1315 announcing that the flat
was to 'let and directing inquirers to
No. 1319 for the key. The girl went
back Into the flat after admitting the
stranger tothe entry, where' he closed
the front door and sat down;'- When
she returned with the key in her hand
he sprang up and grasped. her by the
throat, saying, "I , don't want the key,
but I am going : to kill you." •
With one hand over Miss -GIblln's
mouth to prevent her from crying out
and the other clasped' tightly about
her throat, the thug tried to throw her
to the - floor, but the yowng woman
wrested herself from his gTip and fled
screaming Into: the rear rooms. Her
assailant escaped into the street and
has not been.seen'Binc-". Miss Giblin's
throat and lips were cut by. the man's
nails and the light waist she wore was
torn off her shoulders. The case was
reported, at police headquarters by
Mrs. Connolly' and - Detective Bailey
was detailed on it, but no arrest has
been made. . .
Miss Qiblln describes her assailant
as being about 2 5 -.years old, tall, fair,
smooth-faced, good looking, of slight
build and wearing a black sack suit
and derby hat-
Mrs. Andrews was not to be found
last evening :at the. St. Louis apart
ments, where she now resides, but her
sister said 'that both the ladies had
been absent' from the city for three
weeks.. returning only yesterday morn
ings "The. idea that my sister could
have had any connection with this af
fair Is absurd," she.added- i,
AIR TROUBLES
IN THE COURT
Colonel Pitcher, With Twenty-Eighth
Infantry and Band, Will Give In
terestinff Exercises.
The Twenty-eighth Infantry, in
command of Colonel William L-
Pitcher, will have full regimental drill
at 1 o'clock to-day on golf links.
The splendid band of the regiment will
be in attendance and will participate
not only during the drill, but after the
exercises are over they will give a
band concert in front of the golf
club house. The ceremonies will be
interesting and undoubtedly a big
crowd will be in attendance. To-day
the regiment will go through the drill
prescribed by the manual. This regi
ment will soon be equipped with the
new Springfield rifles.
Major Bigelow and his troopers will
do field exercise on the point this
morning at 8:30 o'clock.
Major Carrington and his battalion
of Philippine scouts expect to depart
for St. Loui3 on next Tuesday. To
day will be the last chance the pub
lic will have to see them drill in the
open on the grounds In front of the
general hsopital buildings. Yesterday
a great crowd witnessed their • drill,
which was followed by dress parade.
The physical drill from Butts' manual
was gone through with such. precision
that the great crowd of spectators
burst into cheers and applause. |
The Third Artillery Corps band will
render the following programme, this
afternoon at 3:30 o'clock on the post
parade grounds, under the direction of
Chief Musician Armand Putz: "Wed
ding March" (Mendelssohn); overture,
"Poet and Peasant" (Suppe); Inter
mezzo, "In Springtime" (Brooks);
grand selection, "Carmen" (Bizet):
novelette, "A Whispered Thought"
(Johnson); excerpts from "The Prince
of Pllsen" (Luders).
GIRL CHOKED
BY STRANGER
GREAT SINGER
GIVES HEARERS
NEW DELIGHTS
SOLDIERS WILL DRILL
TO-DAY 'ON GOLF LINKS
MUSIC. AND , SOXQ.'AT . THE
MARK HOPKINS' INSTITUTE
Art A&sociation Gives Dellghtfnl Con
ceit Under the Direction of
Henry Ilcyman.
The concert of the San Francisco
Art Association, given at the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art . last j night,
was attended by an audience of 300
people. THe following programme,
under the direction. of Henry Heyman,
was successfully carried out:
Organ, "Triumphal March" (Costa),
Otto Fleissner; vocal duet (Delibes),
Misses Brooks and Roberts; violin,
prize song, "Meistersinger" (Wagner-
Wilhelmj), Miss Frances Van Reyne
gom; vocal, air, "Samson and Delilah"
(Saint-Saens), Miss Alfreda Tibbetts;
organ, "Barcarole"', (Hofmann), Otto
Fleissner; vocal, (a) "A Dream"
(Bartlett),' (b) "The Girls of Seville"
(Denza), Miss Elfreda Brooks; violin,
(a) "Berceuse Slav" (Neruda), (b)
"Mazurka" (Hubay), Miss Frances
Van Reynegom; vocal, (a) "Lay Thy
Cheek on Mine" (Jensen), (b) "O for
a Breath o' the Moorlands" (Fisher),
Miss Grace Roberts; organ, "Canti
lene" (Salome), Otto Fleissner; vocal
trio, "The Secret Marriage" (Cima
rosa), Misses Breeze, Hucks and Tib
bitts; organ, "Postlude" (West), Otto
Fleissner.
MX>I7TS Wllilj DRIIjLi FOR
THE 3ICKIXXON BENEFIT.
Famous Filipino Warriors Volunteer
to Aid Memory of Departed
Chaplain of the Army.
Tents will be folded at the camp of
the Filipino Scouts next Tuesday.
Their departure was set for an earlier
date, but strenuous efforts on the part
of ihe McKinnon memorial committee
have availed to keep them here, long
enough to participate in the military
and athletic carnival to be held at Me
chanics* Pavilion next Monday for the
benefit of the fund. It is seldom that
the United States military authorities
change any plans, but in this case an
exception has been made. The Fili
pinos will be permitted to remain long
enough to participate in the entertain
ment.
Throughout the entire army the
name of the kindly soldier priest is
still held in reverence and affection.
The little brown men themselves are
delighted to hear that they will be able
to remain here to participate , In the
beneftt. They have been rehearsing
daily to make this exhibition, which
¦will be their only public appearance
here, an emphatic success.
When a Filipino once takes anything
to heart it requires a long time to
make him forget it and the Scouts
having once been told that they would
be able to help raise funds for the Mc-
Kinnon monument would be broken
Jiearted if the opportunity should be
taken from them. They look forward
with delight to seeing the beautiful
bronze memorial which they will have
helped to erect when they return from
the St. Louis Exposition. .
Resides the drill of the Scouts, there
will be the best that the Olympic Club
has in the way of athletics. As soon
as the Filipinos leave the floor boxers
and wrestlers will appear everywhere
at the same time, so that the specta
tors will be almost dazzled with feats
of brawn and skill. Every dollar col
lected will be devoted to the founding
of a memorial to Father McKlnnon,
the departed chaplain of the First Cal
ifornia Regiment. Tickets to- the ben
efit can be had at Sherman & Clay's
music store and at the First Regiment
Armory.
HOOT FOR PRI-ZSIDKNT IN 1908.
Ex -Secretary of War Is the Clioice of
yir. Rooscvelt.
WASHINGTOX. April 7.— Elihu Root
Is President Roosevelt's candidate for
the Republican nomination for Presi
dent in 190S.
If Colonel Roosevelt be elected next
fall, he will not try for the 1 nomination
In l?08. he f?lls his friends. He frank lr
Bays he considers Root the greatest
man in the United States, and has con- 1
fidrd to several of his intimates that he ;
intends to drop his mantle upon Root's
shoulders If he has anything to say
about the matter.
This is the reason the President is
fo anxious to put Root forward now.
It is the reason he has insisted on
having Root made temporary or per
manent chairman of the Republican
convention in Chicago next June, where
he will have an opportunity to make
the keynote Fpeech of the campaign.
WASHINGTON, April -7.— The Census
Bureau to-flay' Issued a bulletin which
pives the estimated population of the
United States for 1903. exclusive of
Alaska and the Insular possessions of
the Unltrd State*, at 79.900.3S9. This Is
an Increase of-S.T09.SS4 since the <>ensus
-of 190©.
The population I? estimated for 438
cUtes having JO.OOOor more inhabitants
lh 1900. According to these estimates,
New York te now a city of 3,716,137;
Chicago has 1.S73.S30;. Philadelphia,
1>367,716; Ft. Louis has just passed and
Boston has almost reached the C00.O0O
dark.
San Francisco and Pittsburg are -close,
competitors, the former having 355,919
and the latter 3*3.043.
In the number of towns -and cities
having over 10.000 inhabitants, Massa
chusetts is in the lead with forty-seven
containing a total of 2,197.707 inhabi
tant*. Considered by States," New
York leads in population, with more
than sewn and a half millions; Penn
sylvania exceeds six and a half mil
lions, and Illinois has passed five mil
lions But twenty-two States now have
less than a million inhabitants and
fourteen exceed two millions.
Tht- estimates are made in a bulletin
riving estimates of population in .1901,
i:>02 and 1903 for all cities <>f 10.000 in
habitants or more in the United States.
Following arc the estimates of the
population in J803 of cities .giving 25,000
and upward:
ArkaiiFap— Mule Rr.-k. 42.QW,.
California— Ixw Angles-. llti.420: Oakland.
T0.:*6: Sacramento, 30.152; San rmaclsoo,
8ST..P1S.
Colorado— Denver. 144.5SR; Tueblo. 29/2ST.
Illinois— Aurora. 2S.4V>: Chlcapn. l.StS.SXa;
I>st 6l Ijouis. 34.O07; Jolt**. ao,7l»; P^nria.
r.2<X»4: ' Qulncy. ST.tSO; RockXord. 33.3t>i;
t?rrirxJ^W. 3«.2Il.
Indiana— Evansvtll*. «1.4S2: Fort Wayne,
4S.CS1: Infiianaro'.is. 191. 03.*^ Snath Ber.4. 40,-
C27: Terre Haute. 88.611.
Iowa— Cfdar Riiiid?. 2T.»4^: Ouncll Bluffs.
2> IT1 : liavenport. aT.7*>: T*e* Mnines, 65.751;
rWhUQUt:. 3S.<X»4; Sioux «~4ty. SI. 070.
Kansas'— Kansas City. fw.::^«: Toj«=ka, S5.SSS.
Kentucky — Covtnrton. 44.7."K>; !>>xliirton.
27.fcfV: Louirville, 21.'.. 402; N'pwport, 23.."1.%.
I*-iui!=iana— New Orleans, 300,»^5.
aflnnwota— Duluth. S7..">97; M!nn«-aj»olia,
21*.ll^; St. Paul, :72.OSK.
Missouri — Joplin. S».M7; KariKas City. lTi-
OC4 S*. Jaeepfi, 11«.47:»: BL I»uls. C12.2T&
Nmuni- Butte. SS.127.
X<»bra#k»— JJnrrln. 41,245; Omaha, 11S.3C1;
Socili Oni*fca, S1.3S.'i.
Orpron— Portia nrt. 9S.CA.
Tcnnes!=** — Chattanoi^ca^ "f>,40!); Knnrville,
C4.S41- M«r.l)hls, U3.r«>; Nafi-.villc. S2.."ll.
Texas— IXailAA. 44,in5-; Fort Worth. .T7.in2;
OalvT>sinn. 32.74*; Houston. 60.7(50; Saa An
tcrJo. iS.Olt
Vial* —^Salt Lnke, 57.13*.
WsFt'.nptco— Scsttle. H2.02O; ?i>okaiie, 4t,
t>27; Tacoma. 4n.in2.
San Francisco, According to
Official Data. Is a City
of 355.919 Inhabitants
INTERESTING FIGURES
Estimates an Increase ia
Population of 3 ? 7O9 ? m
Sinc« Bulletin of 1000
CENSUS BUREAU
ISSUES REPORT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL v 8, 1904:
2
FREE! FREE! FREE!
VMGHTNING BREAD KNIFE"
(Patented.)
A useful household article. One
of these. premiums free to each
: Want; Advertiser in -
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALIj.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E .x s c 1 u s i vix;e
High-Gracie; Clothiers
Ko Branch Stores. Ho Arents.
QUITE SATISFYING
TO HAVE YOUR CLOTHES
COOK SMART, AND PIT.
WITHOUT THE BOTHER
% 0F TRY-ONS, AND TAILORS.
% AT A MODERATE COST.
THIS IS THE SHOP FOR YOU.
K e a rny Street
T h u r 1 o w B 1 ock
w ' ' - - - ii H^j. T- -t» T- ,^«»--«*#* '«*--.- -'**».tj*- --•*— — » w **<— **. -,!¦-- ¦ . .- ¦ • * -*. *-¦** - * - r "^^.T"^"-..-.-., r ' t* »>"- < -i | '»*-^H.^;*T5w™(iSw«rf**— s-f* j-y- ¦*¦,„. .. Jj'^iS^fr-iw-mJtiiiyflSftjtjTrin irtBH t\f*' L^Wlfli^ii"^ M < HT **>* — J ** < Wri^**ui " 'FUr -"*-—**" -*" "_ •" ' - - - -^ .hwM
' ' Wp M^i^>|S^ili I II IP WO of our new Single-Breasted Sacks. On ttie left tfte'a-
i^i^i^^P^^.'il^x f Hi U^ 1 button and on the right the 4-button sack suit. Both are
ii'':'^^&fSl0§^i^^M _. I Y&f fiJ nobby styles, pleasing and becoming to men of every ago
'¦'''^^•^^S^iS^ffiffl* $35«00 ffij B and figure. Athletic shoulders; easy, graceful set; distinct-
r 1 'I I W wS^SSS^Mt ft" fjft> * ve a * r > shapeliness in every part. Unequaled for material, stylo
\ f' RSwBPw I W m and finish ' Fanc y Cheviot3 ' Homespuns, Worsteds, in new com-
\ r^fe^P^W \ \$ binations; also Blues and Blacks in assorted weaves, '. ; _
ut'JWi! \ TT IT ERE is our new Double-Breasted ' ir-V >^w >^>^ ,^l
k^Sif fl|!S \ I I Sa ck Suit. A model of suit per- Tj f\ Jl ¥3 Wj g\
ti&Wj$ fevfj \ fection. A ready-to-wear bear- A^. \J Vv V^ *3 b\. \_9 \_Srn
W®Bw §9 m l pearance ; superior fabric ; skillful tailor- -rr Vp * -q -cr a r-r\ jy q f-j^
a^if E*r| 1 ing. • -»^ *-* -^ * -t*- A A \J X
"^=^3 Out-of-town orders promptly filled.OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON/ April 7.-Changes of
fourth-class postmasters :
California— Deluza.= San Diego j Coun
ty, Louis J. Garnsey, vice. Irvine- N.
Camp, resigned.
Alaska— Ketchikan, Edward J. Wil
liams, , vice . Bessie' .'..V. Baird, resigned ; ,
Loring.Emma W. Knights, vice James
R. Heckman, resigned; Shakan, W. E.
Dockins, vice Charles -. C. Carroll, re
signed; Tanana, , George H. Tiffany,
vice Harry W. Winde, resigned.'
Order, discontinuing postofQce at De
luza, Cal., rescinded. . /
Navy orders— Commander . W. H.
Beehler, detached for treatment 'at
naval hospital, Mare Island, to home on
two months' sick leave.
Lieutenant C. Webster," detached for
treatment at naval hospital, Mare Isl
and, home on three months', sick leave.
Assistant- Surgeon L:'W. Bishop, de
tached for treatment at naval hospital,
Mare, Island, home on two months* sick
leave. :
i Assistant" Naval : Constructor W. Mc-
I2ntee, detached from navy yard, Bos
ton, Mass., ¦» to navy yard, New York,
on - special : temporary duty, thence tcT
navy yard, Mare Island, on -duty, in
department of construction and "repair
of that yard. :- 7 ' .
. ' Boatswain . J. M. . A. " Shaw, , detached
froni^navy^ yard, ; . Mare ' Island, 7 to
Supply. James R. Hurley,' San Fran
ciscq.appointed assistant surgeon coast
and'geodetic survey service..
¦\~; Patents ¦ issued :^ California— Martin
P. Boss, - San -Francisco, ' stamp 7 mill :
Charles ButtersrBerkeley," precipitating
me'tals v from (/Charlesk G.
Chase, ' San .Francisco,-! and E.'P." Dole,
Honolulu,* Samuel B. - : Christy/; Berkeley,"
recovery ' of < gold I and i silver I from cya
nide ; solutions;^' Ellzabeth^M. I Whale,
'Oakland, ¦; dressror, : corset .'spring;^ Ed
ward F. ¦'; Dreger, Oakland,' bowling alley,
dresser; -; Frank 'A. ; Garbutt, • Los ; Ange^
les, hose i mender ; Williani Chigheri, as-'
sighor* to, -Universal Nut; Lock
pany,' Stockton,- ': hut ' lock; : George ; R.
Jack,*'' Lockef ord, ::¦ rodent ,, ;i killing Tnia
chirie;^ Willafd^C. James,- Cucanionga,
apartment ;' house ; Gabor j-JKonigstein,'
assignor one-half 'to J. j Silyerman, San
Francisco, attachment;': John
C. I^ook. Tudor: moo > or ' brush \ holder:"
George W. Maxwell, San Francisco,
game apparatus; Dugold H. Roberts,
assignor to Los -Angeles, pressure
sight feed lubricator; Samuel S. .Rose/
Amador City, gas compressor for ice
machines; John H. -Ross, assignor tj
American Steel and Wire Company,
San Francisco, spring-dowell-formlng
machine: Arthur E. Sexton, assignor In
Single Sheet Paper Company,; Los An
geles, toilet, paper folder;- John C.
White, Marysville, draper; Zachariah
Xevers, Santa Cruz, automatic feeding
device and fixtures.
of- men and women every year and
making useful citizens of them. I re
gard this as practical Christianity, and
I accordingly make it a rule to give
something to the Salvation Army ev
ery month.' " ?/-.">.-
fSOOO FOR BOY'S LEG.— Robert / Kev«.
whose «ty-e*-yrar-old son lost a leg a*> thert-
Bult of a t-trwt-car accident at the corner o?
Gf-ary and Buchanan etrectn in December,
1902. yesterday got a \-erdlct for $3000 damages
from a\ jury ia Judge Graham's court. He
suf-rt thf O«-ary Street. Park and Ocean Rail
road for $20,000.
Long to Serve as President of School.
BOSTON*, April 7. — Former Secre
tary of the Navy John D. Long will
serve as president of the new $3,000,
000 trade school made possible by the
will of the late Arioch Wentworth. ac
cording to an announcement made
here. j
WASHINGTON*. April 7. — The
Swayne • -impeachment proceeding,
which has been looked upon as the only
possible check to an early adjournment,
was disposed of in live minutes by the
House to-day, by the adoption of a
resolution making the case a special or
der for December 13 next. In the mean
time the Judiciary Committee is to take
additional testimony in the case.
After disposing of a conference re
port on the army appropriation bill the
Hous? took up the bill extending the
coastwise laws to the Philippines, and
by a vote of 122 to 100 adopted a special
rule to vote on this bill after a debate
of two hours. This debate was ex
hausted, save five minutes, when the
House adjourned.
OPPOSES THE REPEAL f:
OF DESERT LAND LAWS
Delegate Wilson of Arizona Says Pros
pective Settlers Would Be Com
pelled to Buy of UnilroncK
WASHINGTON, April 7.— Delegate
Wilson of Arizona^ was heard to-day
by the House Committee on Irrigation
of Arid Lands in opposition to the re
peal of desert land laws. Wilson
pointed'out the interest of the rail
roads in the repeal of desert land laws
to be this: : That it will be impossible
for home seekers to take up lands un
der: the homestead act requiring five,
years' ijesidence, because the lands
cannot be made fertile until water has
been secured, taking three or four
years; ,that, under the desert land- laws
settlers can- buy; these'- lands from the
Government, 'make "their improve
ments and get,; the lands in producing
condition, before moving on to the
lands. By repealing the desert land
laws this procedure would be stopped
and prgspective settlers : would be
compelled to buy their lands of the
railroads.
House Will Xot Hear the
Impeachment Proceedings
Until December Session
SWAYNE CASE
IS POSTPONED
NEW YORK, April 7.— The disposi
tion of the surplus of 6000 bales of cot
ton that had been pledged by Sully &
» "o. with the Corn Exchange Bank was
F*?tUed quick3y to-day before United
States, CommisEioner Alexander, sit
ting as a special examiner.
The Commissioner, with the permis
sion of all the parties to the contro
versy, decided to recommend to the
court that the bank should turn over
the surplus to the receiver of Sully
cfr Co., -with the understanding that the
F. W. Reynolds Company of Provi
dence waive its claim because of this
disposition of the matter. The dis
pute was between the Sully Company
<redltors and the KesTiolds Company.
The investigation before Commis
sioner Alexander, which began a week
ago. brought by the receivers of D.
J. Sully & Co. to determine what lia
bilities, if any. wrre held by Edv.in
Hawley ard others in the cotton pool,
v. as contirued to-day, Hawloy being
the first witness. He was again ques
tioned by Elihu Root, special counsel
lor the receivers. He had his check
hook with him, and in answer to ]>rac
'. ; ra31y a repetition of the questions at
• he first hearing, with others added,
identified many entries showing that
he drew oheeks for various sums in
oomwcttoBH with his cotton deals. . Oue
• heck was for $44,000. payable ' - John
W. «.*ates: one was to L. <\ u r efr for
$44.$S0. 3nd another to A. W. Burchard
for *<4.S*0. It was also shown that
Mauley had received about $5<X),000 in
connection with the deals, and that
muc!; of this had been paid out by him
to other?, including Gates, Weir and
Purchard. . •?
Danie! J. Sully pave out for publica
tion to-day a letter of this date, writ
ten to the special committee of his
creditors, in which he asserts that the
offer for a settlement that he has al
ready made is the very best that his
?«Fei« t\-l!l permit him to make. It
> understood this letter will be con
sidered by his creditors at a meeting
to bo held to-morrow.
Explains His Connection
With the Big Deals of the
Bankrupt Cotton King
HAWLEY TELLS
OF THE POOL
. WASHINGTON, April 7.— The Sen
ate to-day listened .to eulogies of the
late Senator Hanna. The galleries were
well tilled and the. speakers were given
close attention! Those who spoke were
Foraker, Scott, Cockrell, Platt of Con
necticut, . Cullom. Blackburn, Elklns.
Fairbanks, Daniel, Perkins, Depew,
Beverldge, Dolllver, Kearns and Dick.
Senator Foraker said that Senator
Hanna's relation to President McKIn
ley had naturally rendered him "domi
nant in Ohio politics." These matters
of the past, said the Senator, were
brought up only for the purpose of
illustrating the point of view from
which he had studied 'the man. He
said:
"In the grave with him He -buried
all differences, all hostilities, all preju
dices and all unkindness of feeling of
every sort that ever at any time may
have been entertained."
He did not believe that if living
Hanna would want other than a frank
discussion of his qualities. Continuing,
Foraker said:
"To those who knew him only as I
knew him for the first four years of
our acquaintance he was an unusually
lovable man. He was bright, cheery,
generous, kind, strong and ever ready
to practice self-denial, especially when
it involved the nreferment of a friend.
These qualities were so pronounced and
bo manifest that none other could well
be seen by those who looked through
only the partial eyes of friendship."
Touching upon Hanna's political ca
reer. Fairbanks referred to the - men
tion of Hanna's name in connection
with the approachig Presidential con
test, saying that the suggestion needed
only the encouragement of his assist
ance to make It a formidable reality,
but that -Hanna was satisfied , with his
seat in the Senate.
In telling of the attacks made on
Hanna, particularly during the sec
ond McKinley campaign, when he
formed the subject for cartoons in
many newspapers, Scott related the
following Incident:
"I shall never forget one morning
when he handed me a New York paper
containing a cartoon of himself, pic
tured as a huge monster clad in a suit
covered over with dollar marks, smok
ing an immense cigar and trampling
under foot women and children until
? heir eyes protruded from the sockets
and their skeleton forms writhed in
agony. After I looked at it a moment
he said to me: 'That hurts, when I
have tried . all my life to put myself
in the other fellow's place; when I
have tried to help those in need and
to lighten the burdens of those less
fortunate than myself, to be pictured
as I am here; to be held up to the gaze
of the 'world as a murderer 'of- women
and children. I tell you it hurts." and,
looking up into the frank, manly face,
1 saw • th? tears courslng^down" his
cheeks, and he turned and silently
walked away." \
Perkins ' related a conversation he
bad with Hanna concerning the Salva
tion Army on Ihe occasion of the din
ner given by the Ohio Senator to Gen
eral Booth.
"I asked him," said Perkins, '"if he
believed in the principles of the Sal
vation Army, and he replied: 'I be
lieve in tho practical effect of the
work in which the Salvation Army is
engaged. It is redeeming thousands
WASHINGTON. April 7.— John W.
Kalua, United States Judge of the Sec
ond Circuit Court at Honolulu, was re
moved from office to-day by President
Roosevelt.
Recently an intimation was conveyed
to Judge Kalua that on the expiration
of his term on June 6 next he would not
be reappointed. A few days after the
Judge practically suspended the work
of his court by adjourning all pending
criminal cases until June 6. This action
elicited a vigorous protest from the
people of Honolulu. The protest, in for
mal shape, reached Attorney General
Knox yesterday. He took up the sub
ject with the President and it was de
cided to remove Judge Kalua at once
from office and to appoint a successor
who would conduct the business of the
court.
The President to-day signed the N order
for Judge Kalua's removal. His suc
cessor has not been agreed upon yet,
but an appointment probably will be
sent to the Senate in a few days.
HONOLULU, April 7.— A. X. Kepoi
kai. Treasurer of the Territory of Ha
waii, resigned his office to-day. Ke
poikai has announced himself as a can
didate for the Circuit Judgeship, made
vacant by the removal of John W.
Kalua.
1 MAYWOOD, /111., April 7.—Sixty
three Indians in a special car en route
to Washington to see President Roose
velt were smashed into . by a mall
train two^ miles west of here to-day
during- a. f og. . ' Three of the Indians
were killed, three -were fatally injured
and twenty : others .- were more or les*
seriously ; hurt. The Indians who were
not pinned in the wreck fled In a panic
across the prairie. The dead:
KILL HEAD, skull crushed.
PHILIP . _ IRONTAIL JR.. body
crushed. . * ¦• ," . v ,
. THOMAS COMELAST. body crushed.
The Injured: Big Chief White Horse,
body crushed and legs broken/will die;
Luther Standing Bear, crushed ; about
body and head, will; die; ; Annie Goose
face, crushed about - body,- will die;
Mrs. Thomas Comelast, < wife of one of
the killed, cut about head and shoul
ders ; ; Tommie Comelast, , 6 j years old,
son of dead man, head Injured and be
lieved to I have ¦ been I made ¦ temporarily
insane from fright; Sammy Lone Bear, 1
head cut and body, bruised; Abraham
Goodnow, -cut on head; Blind Eagle,
cut on head by flying. glass;, Little Elk,
head cut: and bruised; Charge the En
emy," head cut and body bruised; Head
Chief High Bear, at the, head of ; the
delegation of Indians, severely crush
ed about the head; :v William Sitting
Bull, son of Chief Sitting , Bull,. .27
years old,«seriously. injured. -
The trains which collided' were the
Oregon Express and the fast mail ; on
the Chicago^ and NoVthwestern Rail
way. The express train was run into
by the mail train. Both trains were
eastbound/ « ¦•_ '
The . coach containing the Indians
was a light day car. It was complete
ly wrecked. < The rear end of the coach
ahead was'also damaged.
After the collision the passengers in
the, other coaches of the two trains
hurried to the rescue and after a hard
struggle pulled the injured from . be
neath the wreckage. Chief White
Horse, in charge of the Indians on the
train, was fatally injured. The bodies
of the Indians who had been . killed
outright were laid pn the prairie beside
the track. Chief White Horse being
carried with them. He said he knew
that death was near a"nd requested
that he be placed near his dead com
panions. The chief was • propped up
and sat stoically while physicians
worked over his wounds^ He smoked a
pipe quietly and showed no signs of
the pain he must have been , suffering.
One by one the other, injured Indians
were slowly taken from the splintered
car and placed upon "he ground near
their dying chief and their; dead com
rades.' The physicians hurried from
one to another, of the injured, adminis
tering to the wants of all, while ar
rangements were being made to take
them to the nearest hospital.
A moment after the ciash there was
not a sound from the ill-fated coach.
When " one ;• by one those surviving tha
crash regained, in part their senses
they began to shout for aid. A terri
fying series of wild yell*= from the In
dians were heard by the ¦ passengers
jumping from the cars ahead. All the
men passengers and many of the wo
men on board the two trains hastened
to the aid of the injured Indians. The
fact that- one sido of the rear car fell
out with the impact undoubtedly saved
the lives of many Indians who were
thrown out on, the nrairie. •
The Indians were from the reserva
tion near Rushville, Neb., and their
journey 'eastward was primarily for
show purposes at New York.
It was a pitiable sight to see the In
dians lying on the ground, clad, in
their native costumes, with their red
blankets dyed -deeper by the blood of
their friends. The men were of splen
did physique and the . exhibition of
calm nerve on the part of Horse
was la good example for the other
members of the Indian party.
After-' the bodies of the dead had
been removed from the wreckage and
placed in a row on the. prairie beside
the tracks an incident probably un
paralleled In railroad accidents took
place. t The uninjured; among the In
dians gathered about and, led by Chief
Irontail, solemnly chanted the Indian
"death song."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, April 7. — One death
resulted from an attack of a shark
upon a United States " navy boat in
Guantanamo harbor, Cuba, on March
19, and Boatswain Paul Hennig and his
wife narrowly escaped drowning*'? ; : A
peculiar story is contained . in the, re
port of the court; of inquest just re
ceived at the Navy Department.
Boatswain Hennig, ...J stationed v at
Guantanamo, went into' the -harbor«.in
a small boat about 10 o'clock at night
with the intention of putting his wife
aboard a Santiago steamer, which
passed about 11 o'clock.,. Edwin Robin
son, a negro seaman and -another, sea
man named Longwell were at the oars.
The boat paused 'in ,the middle. of the
channel and its occupants watched for
the steamer lights. There ; was a rush
of water beneath . the gunwales, a
heavy blow was struck the ( boat, a'rip
ping sound was heard "and the boat
began to fill with water through a hole
twelve inches long arid , three ; inches
wide. Robinson tried' to .stop the leak
with his reefer but failed. All but
Robinson jumped overboard. Hennig
and wife clung to the boat until res
cued *by the cruiser- Columbia's launch,
but Sailor Longwell ;' was [ drowned.
Robinson remained . seated in the boat
until rescued. Surgeon C. DeW.
Brownell of the Amphitrite examined,
under a microscope a bit of enamel
found stuck in the .wood of £lie boat
and pronounced ,it - a . bit of a shark's
tooth.
The court of Inquiry, which consisted
of Lieutenant W. A. Moffltt of the Am
phitrite, Lieutenant W. R. Cushman
and Ensign E. S. Jackson, declared the
accident was unavoidable and that the
injury was inflicted by- a shark. They
also found Robinson guilty of coward
ice. He has left the service. ¦ .
Badly Injured Cliief Asks
Rescuers to 'Place Him
Near His Dead Companions
Summary Action Taken Be
cause of Arbitrary Suspen
sion of the Court's Work
Party of Seamen Figure
in a Thrilling Experience
in Harbor of (jUiantanamo
Many Noble Qualities of
the Dead Legislator Are
Praised by His Associates
SUCCESSOR NOT NAMED
ATTACKS WOUNDED HIM
ONE OCCUPANT DROWNS
Members of the Senate Pay
Tribute to Memory of the
Distinguished Statesman
Tears Hole* Twelve Inches
Long and Three Wide in
Side of the Frail Craft
President Roosevelt Signs
Order for the Removal
of the Hawaiian Jurist
SpeciakCar Conveying Them;
to Washington Is Klin Into
by a Fast : t Mail Train
THREE LIVES XKE LOST
INDIANS MEET
TRAGIC DEATH
EULOGIZE LATE
SENATOR HANNA
JUDGE KALUA
LOSES OFFICE
SHARK ATTACKS
A SMALL BOAT
THE SAN FRANCISCO v CALL, ;• FRIDAY;, APRIL 8, 1904.
3
APVEBTISEMENTS.
My
KNIFE
Has two -or three blades and will
give perfect satisfaction. .It* will pay.
you to get one of these knives. BO
IT NOW.
•i WANT A RAZOR? Bring in your
old one and exchange it for a - new
one of -high-grade : make. I'll make
you a liberal^allowance on it.
AL1 MY CUTIEET, from Knives
to Scissors," is dependable.:
BAZOB STROPS as low as
Two bars Williams* v .Shaving Soap,
¦irscv-; '.-.;; '¦.'-¦ - ;. ;¦.¦
Order now." Mail orders promptly
filled:
itifS VISITING^ «T>%if
lUUcAROS •£?! OUT
.CORRECT 5TVLC 3 AND 5IZL* ALSO
vBuwcsj.ano enorcssiONAt. carov
tHATMAN PITTS
,;C' r" W PITTS; to. St.t.e«..
1008 Market Street - »V£? L \. '
/* ] ' ' 5«n F'onC'iCO
:^Two 'kinds of goods arid
trade ; a bargain's a v bargain
and mdneyback. One makes
friends, and the other loses
em.
Schilling's Best at your
grocer's.
• ADVERTISEMENTS. ?: ' "
A Light Cool Spring Suit for $ &5(>
jEll /^m^$M The we^ ther of late su^ests cool clothing for real
\l $ -^^SqW ur storc wi * its advantages suggests this as a
4^SsL^ h^^ place of purchase for real economy.
.^0^^^^^^ ¦ 't^-.. you want a Ij g ht weight spring suit in a fabric
llSSl^SH^^fe /r^%''^U W\\ a^ w '" P rov^ serviceable and dressy we can please you:
S"tt^^^^^^^ "U V^ ;^l You can § et a suit that answers these requirements
: : I | ; Jl ; p whatever you want to pay. Prices, S8.>0 to $25.00.
\ /rmr'mH % • rin^ suits
hm ¦ I i !p^^ At S8J0 we show a vef y unusu al at so small a
• W^^^^^ PriC£ ' compr l sin £ H^ ht wei § h ts and light colors, in a
jp^^^K I^^^^M splendid assortment Other stores are asking $12.>0
iW^^B for suits like these. Ours is the maker-to-wearer price.
I jS|fP?^. ¦ Spring" Top Goats-:
\ IftM ! - ' t\ At S8#^° we also have S P™& to P c °ats cut in the
I |8S- Jatest "b° x y" e^ ect s. The cloth is covert; the colors
/ j^^^i-> : :^|:^;^[^i ' are di % ent shades of tan. Twelve-fifty. cannot buy
I ft!! . liK^^^V^lS^ y ° U a better COat Isewhere - Our make— that's why
Outing pants in woolen materials $2.2fvto $4.00.
Mailorders W • XI \AJf\ f\ f\ JT, §f\ In ordering by mail
filled for all these suits and , V// > %f \J XJ U ty \ \J give chest, length and Waist
topcoats. nAtxiM i * C7* * measurements/
¦ 740. Market Street - - ¦ • - -¦•¦¦¦ ---'-¦•• ¦ -¦•¦¦-¦ -¦ ¦-.- .-¦¦ .- ••- ; - :
OCEAN TBAVEL.
* s^\C *?*v • Steamers leave Broadway
/JttJiS-CgVj wharves, ,Pler» 9 and tl.
«Rw_ San Francisco.
/^/W^te v "*\ For Ketchikan. Wrangel.
I / \V*5*a \ I Juneau, Halnes. gkasuay.
I \ \wmO. / / etc.. Alaska— U a. m.. Apr.
Wv \\»O*/ 5> 10 - 15 « 2°. »• 30. Mar S.
ViSvJI^^yoy Charge to Company's stfam-
X^jJjgSVP/ ers at Seattle.
iH«^ • For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Bel-
Ungham— 11 a. m.. Apr. 5, 10.' 15. 20. 23. 3t».
May 5. Change at Seattle to this company' n
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattli
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P.
Ry. -
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay»— Pomona. 1:39
P. m., Apr. 4. 10. 16. 22. 28. May 4. Spokane.
1:30 p. m.. Apr. 1. 7. 13. 1!». 25. May 1.
- For Los Angeles (via Port Loa Angeles and .
Redondo), San Diego and, Santa Barbara — aau-
ta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harfort! (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Santa Crue, 9 a. m.. Apr. 19. (Freight only.)
Bonlta, 0 a. m.. Apr. 5. 13. 21. 29. May 7.
For Ensenada. Masdalena. Bay, , San Jos« d«l
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
•alla. Guaymas (Ilex.). 10 a.* m.. 7th each '
month. For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sailing
dates. ¦ . . - ,.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 1<> Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight OElce, 10 Market st.
C. D. OVXANN. Genera! Passenger ¦ Agent.
. ¦ 10 Market *t.'. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
call for .'and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Ezchangs 313. ,
O. /?. & N. CO.
OREGON sails Arrll 7. 17. 27. May 7, 17
and 27. GEO. W. ELDER sails April 12, 22.
May 2, 12. and 22. Only steamshlo - Hoe to
PORTLAND, OR., and short rail line from.
Portland to all - points East. Through tickets
to all oolnts. Steamer tickets include berth -
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear St.. at
1J a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. ; Pass..
Dept.. 1 Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD, Gen.
Agent Freisht . D#pt.; 3 Montgomery st.
8ccaBic8.s.co;spi
8. " S- VENTURA. lor Honolulu, 'Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thur.. - Apr. ~ 14, 3 p. m. "
S. S. MARIPOSA. for TahiU. Apr. 23. 11 a.m.
S S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Apr. 23. 11 a.m.
J.D.SPBECKELS k BROS. Ca.;AZt3.,TiCi6t OiBce 643 In-*
tot St., MM Office 329 KaifetSL, PiBr7.PactllaSL J
COMPAONIE 8ESBBALB TB1N3ATLA5TIQCBL
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARI3. j*^,^
Sailing 'every Thursday Instead oC
Saturday, ; at ¦ 10 a. m., from Pier . 42. . >JAJBVsfc> T
North 'Rlv«r.; foot of. Morton st. .
t First da »a to ! Havre. $70 and " UFwaro. '¦ 8ec-
ord . class ¦ to Havre.- $45 • and upward. GEN-
ERAL 'AGENCY. FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. .'32 Broadway (Hudson bulUilng).
New Tork.J.-F.CFUGAZI& Co.. Pacific Coast
Agents - S . Montgomery avenue.' Jan Francisco.-
Tickets sold by all Railroad Tlc»«t
¦ . Mare IsUnfl and Vallajo Stwonwis.
¦' . Steamer GEN.' FRISBIE or MONTICELLO-^
8:45 a;m.; »:15 and S :3ft p.- n,.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 0:45 «.~ m., 8:30 p. m. . Leave Vallejo
7 * a. s m.."- 12:30 and 6 p. ' m.. > except Sunday.
Sunday, "a.rm., 4:15 p. : m. " Fare. ; SO ctata.
T«l.> Main IMS.' -Pier 2, Mlssion-st ; dock;
HATCH FfTOS. ' -¦¦ -
jWeekly Cal!,' $1 wr Year
\ ?\ I)B. KILMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT. .
. TROUBLt AND DON'T KNOW IT
r ;Wjrr,!llB^f 1 /17TTTT/TTJ - :- « : l' -i V-5^^-
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May
. Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free 'by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness
and suffering than any other disease— therefore, when, through
neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue,
fatal! results are sure to follow.
Your other organs may need attention — but your kidneys most*
because they do most and need attention first.
If you are sick or "feel badly,'* begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney* liver and bladder remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys begin to get better they will help all. the
other organs to health. A trial, will convince any .one.
>-¦ : c ; —^— • .-._''
The mild and immediate effect of brickdust or sediment in the urine.
Swamp-Root, the great kidney and headache, backache, lame . back, dial-
\ bladder remedy, is soon realized. It ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, heart
stands the highest for its wonderful disturbance due to bad kidnev trouble,
cures of me most "distressing- -cases, skin eruptions from bad blood. neural-
Swamp-Root will set your whole sys- gia, rheumatism, diabetes, bloat in sr. . ir-
tem rielJt, and the best proof of this ritability, worn-out feeling, lack of am-
is a trial. ;'V." . bition. loss of flesh, sallow complexion,
xi cottage ST.. MELROSE. mass, or Bright's disease.
Dear Sir: -. Jan. 11th. 1904. > jr vou _ wa t er when allowed tn re-
"Ever since I was In the army I had more \' vou * w . a i_ er « wnen ailOwea tO tt-
or u** kidney trouble, and within the past mam undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
year It became so severe and complicated , that twentv-frmr h«ur« form* a vrlimrnt or
I «uflfered everything and was much alarmed— twenty-tour nours, } or^ s a SCQ«nent or
my strength and power was fast leaving me. settling or has a cloudy appearance, it
wrote" asklnafVor'advfcV- °I bT an'the^use^i is evidcn:c 4 . llat y° ur kidneys and
the medicine and noted a decided improvement bladder need immediate attention.
after taking Swamp-Root only a short time. Swamp-Root is the great discovery of
thatTam^t&y" "cur^a^ s^n^in'U^ Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidney ind
to be very sure about this. 1 had a doctor ex- bladder specialist. Hospitals use it
S?™^rJi f rt7hi^d r in to^&a i 1o5Si5S:- ™* wonderful success in both slight
1 knew that your Swamp-Rodt is purely veg- and severe cases. Doctors recommend
o™^. l^^^¦it.to¦Ad'.I» ti ? ts ¦« rf ¦¦" e ' it in th ° r
ery a«d recommendtns: swaraD-Rx>ot to all aut- own families.' because they recognize
ferer.. I am.-. JV?«$ i J5£ J &£& in Swamp-Root the greatest and most
„ . t^ - .;• successful remedy.
You may have a sample bottle of this Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
famous kidney remedy. SwampiRoot. is for sale at drug stores Uie world
sent free Dy mail, post-paid, by which over in bottles of two sizes and two
you may test its virtues for r such dis- prices— fifty cents and one dollar. Re-
orders as kidney, bladder and uric acid member. the name. Swamp-Root. Dr.
diseases, poor digestion, bring obliged Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the ad-
to pass your water frequently night and dress Binghamton. N. Y.. on every
day, smarting or. irritation in passing, bottle.".
EDITORIAL NOTE.— So successful is Swamp-Root in promptly
curing even the most distressing cases of kidnev. liver or bladder trou-
bles, that to prove its wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle
and a book of valuable information, both sent absolutely free by mail. The
book contains many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial let-
ters received from men and women cured. The value and success of
Swamp-Root is so well known that our readers are advised *to send for a
sample bottle. In sending your address to, Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Bingham-
ton, N. Y., be sure to sav vou read this generous offer in- the San Fran- *
Cisco Daily Call. The proprietor of this paper guarantees the genuineness
1 *»f this offer. , . .
PR> SHOPPY SEJgEDIEa.
. Get My Book, if SicR.
Don't Send a Penny.
1*°"** —*6 a prtm?
Just «ak till rousaewiiat lean At> 1
i.rt rr-.r t»Ve Ih* rttl. l^-l Trr p-o*f ur *.n\ «t»« !>
Mmxjj"'* Keftontiwr can do Tht R«irtoratw»i.t r»"»
»¦«> r Inendahu>, Tou r radotmnent. if von ttrt \\. I- or t
*'no»e fnondk tou oaa uxr it without tiw *.) iMtil risk.
I •ill tell row of a druprist «s««r too who will tuniali
•i* bortla* of IH Shoop ¦ K«tr>ratire a month on iral.
• wtll afc->ol«t»»T sonfi all rt>r cstt if it tslte I" too
•a». "It did not help me," ttiat ends it asta> a»eo*l to
*rou b cooccracd Do ro« ondenaind mr> I an trlV
me Itatpbtnir, a.tc)earl*«r I can 1 want rou to
•rt-.ow »b»o!vtf)y »cd mlUioQl daub* thM thi\ oflcr u
f'wdf on Konot I h»»f th.r prescnpriori that currt
Mr only problrn it to crrvinrr yoa :hs: Di Shoop's
Rritor»ti»f »iU curt U »r uirammon renxdf A
comntott renwd; could not stand a test liter this It
•oiM bankrupt the phriician cukinc tl>e offer And
I am Bttcceedinr everywhere and imrr h the went of
any success I lonnd invarobH that «rhere :I>«rc was a
•arakness, H\r instiie tterve* «rere «rak Where thera
•rat a lack of *Htaltt>'. the »ial fieries lacked power
Where «nk orxin* »tre round. I alwart lour.d •"ok
: Mrrc*. Net the nerve* rotnmonty ihourM o( bat tht
vitai oonna* fter>-ea TVmside— -the fo»rr!bi» ««er»ei
iy,ia w»» • rr«*l»fSo« Then my real aaccesa bena
TT»«i I conbaned lnrreV!5«nt» that would strenrther..
that woold vitalize, these nerves. Ttiai p»»»cri»t»on I •
<slled a restorative. It is kno»T the »t»rM over now
at Dt. Shonp'a Restorative. Thottaand* are »o rptu «
mr offer apo oaly one tn each forty write* tne that tny
tTroedy failed. ju*t think of h . M nut of 40 fet m-ell
and thete arc difficult cases, too And the fortieth hat
r.eihinf to pay. That is a record I am proud ol It
It wTm to sa»y akk when a dance like rhts (s opee.
If welL yoo should trli others who are sick, o) myoffet
r>on*t let a stck tnrrji stay skk becav*; he knows not
•f m> eftet Tall bus Get mr book for him Do
your<laty. Vaai may be skkyoarseU.aomethse. Sick
people need help. They appreciate sympathy aad ltd.
Tell me of aome s';rk ti»»r.d. Let me cure him TKrr
he arill ahoar hb fmtitaae to both el us. Yoor re.
. *trr] will be hu gTatitade Send for ti<e book now
Donotdtby
_, Book 1 oa X>rspepala.
. Sio.p!y atata which Book 2 on The Heart.
book 70a want and Book 3 on tb« Kidna?a.
boM MS* Eictaa. <K *le<l).
Wla. Book 0 on Rheumatism
VXlt caaaa. not chronic are often ouratf
with ooa or two bottiea. At druKtrista'?. CHECK WAS WORTHLESS.— E. F. Eckhardt*
of, 423 Market street secured i a warrant 'yester
day ) fpr the arrest of Alfred J. IHayea -for ob
taining 'money .*. byl: fale« - pretenses, i Eckhardt
alleges that on March 25 he cashed a check for
Hayes." ; It \ was, for |40 on ' the • Beekman Bank
New .York, .where f Hayes said ' he had an ¦ ac
count. - The check was returned as worthless.
4 jBLACKFOOT, \ Idaho,' April 7.^-The
two' highwaymen ' .who "v robbed the
,Thum!&;Pyke : 8tore at ) Ross Fork last
night were captured .early ] this; morn
ing by Deputy i Sheriff ;Quigley; at jPo
catello.; .The men gave; their names as
Schroeder^and rWilson;'::":They ; claim
Portland as their f home. , They .were
brought to ' Blackfoot to-day and
'^dged in Jail.* .
Two Highwaymen Are Captured.
Tennessee Indorses Roosevelt.
NASHVILLE. April 7.—The Repub
lican State Convention to-day 'in
structed for Roosevelt for; President
and nominated Jesse .Littleton of
Franklin County for Governor. The
platform deals with State Issues
.chiefly. . , v . :
ARRESTED FOR 'CRUELTY.— Paulin Can
derelle. a bakrry-wRjron driver, was arrested by
Officer MeCurrie of the -Humane Society yes
terday for u«ln» a crippled horse. Capderelle
was released on CIO cash ball. '--#,-»-:
¦;Z KXEFF, Russia, April -7.— The / Holy
Week ;' celebrations were ; begun to-day.
Enormous; crowds 'of ? pilgrims arrived
here from all: parts of Russia to attend
the 'Easter; services at : the /great Kieff
Monastery.^ , ; xj- ' : . ' .
Pilgrims * Journey • to ') Kieff.
The fifteen-round boxing ;. contest
between Monte Attell, ' ther clever
bantam weight,- and "Bobby,^ Johnson;
which takes ! place A to-night i be
fore the Sequoia Club of Oakland,
is the i next event ..-. on ; the ¦, pugilistic
tapis. Attell ."and , Johnson iare;to,box
at j 1 22 pounds, ringside,? and ¦ it is pos
sible , the winner ;",wiy secure a .-? "match
with "Frankle Neil, the , bantam- cham
pion.'^ The preliminaries will ? be «bet
tween Charley* Tye and .'Jack^ Burke,"
Arthur : Williams .'and'. Jim Brown.;. ?¦
Attell and Johnson to Fight.
NEW TORK. April I.— Jo»eph E. 6cbir»b
ttta tendered hi* resignation a« president of the
American Bteel Foundries Company.
Additional War News on Page 5.
MOROCCO AND EGYPT
ARE OPENED TO TRADE
Anglo-French Colonial Treaty Will
Benefit the Commerce of the _
United States.
. PARIS, April 7.— It was learned to
day that the Anglo-French colonial
treaty about to be. signed will con
tain a clause providing for equality of
tariff duties on goods from Morocco
and Egypt for a period of thirty years
from the date of the signing of the
treaty. The clause specifies that this
equality Is only between the parties to
the treaty, but the officials say that the
favored nation principle will prevail
and will give all countries similar
equality; of treatment, this having the
effect of, establishing the open door in
Morocco and Egypt. \ ,
The officials say this Insures a no
table opening for American trade for
the next thirty years.
DENVER BARBER SHOOTS
AND f KILLS HIS WIFE
He Then Turns the Revolver, on IIlm
\. v self and Inflicts a Severe Wound •
in ; His Own Neck.
DENVER,' April - 7.— S. D. Waycas
ter, a barber, shot and killed his wife
and then ' attempted ? suicide by shoot
ing himself in the neck. He has a
chance for recovery.
. AVaycaster, who was out of employ
ment, : quarreled with his .wife- and
mother-in-law several days ago and
was compelled'to leave the apartment
of the latter. -To-day; he returned and
told -his; wife- that", he was" penniless
and starving and asked f 05 money "to
buy; food. This 'was ; refused ' him. :". A
quarrel I; ; followed, , resulting • in ¦ the
shooting.* ' r
SEOUL, Korea, April 7.— Telegrams
have been received here saying that
the. Russians are occupying - six of the
largest border towns on the Tumen
River, in northeastern Korea,
Russians Hold Border Towns.
It Is claimed the delegation, is unln
structed, but that oersonal preferences
Btand six for Hearst , and fourteen
against him. although being unin
6tructed. some of the "antis" may sup
port Hearst if they desire to do so.
The resolutions Indorsed the Kansas
City platform of 1900 and the Chicago
platform of 1896. expressed confidence
in William J. Bryan and declared for
the nomination of men for President
and Vice President who supported the
tickets of 1896 and 1900 and who were
in sympathy with the platforms}-^
A resolution indorsing William R.'
Hearst and his victory over the coal
trust as an example for Democrats. to
follow, but not referring to him a« a
candidate for President, was included.
Districts (from First to Seventh)—
James W. Orr. Frank Fitzwilliams, ,T.
W. Morgan. W t P. Dillard, A. M, Jack
son. J. S. Kraybill, A. S. Kemper, J. M.
McCown. w. If. Pepperlll, T. L. Bond,
S. C. Smith, A. A. Roth, O. P. Scarce,
C. W. Oswald.
WICHITA. Kan., April 7.— The Dem
ocratic delegate convention has ad
journed. The following delegates were
chosen to attend the national conven
tion at St. Louis: r V^ 1
At large-^W. A. Harris. H. T. Far
reli, David • Overmyer, Judge J. H.
Johnson, J. F. Hile and J. F. Hay
maker.
v After the; man >had gone Mrs." Kelly
crawled to the : kitchen door ? for air.
When she had recovered" she ran
across «the street ,'.to the V- home J of a
neighbor.- 1 Mrs. : Lind, ' and, with her
hands' still ' bound and i the. rag still * In
her; mouth, -fell fainting on the porch.'
There are heavy finger .„ marks , on her
throat* and " her h wrists ".were • cut . by
the ropes with I which they had been
bound: '.¦-¦ •'' •-•/•>¦.. ".] ¦'.'- ¦>¦¦'¦ -'¦¦
SPOKANE, Wash., April 4: — Bound,
gagged and choked nearly to death
was the treatment which Mrs. Joseph
Kelly of 2402 Third avenue, a; hand
some bride of a few weeks, suffered
this morning at'the hands of a masked
man who sought to rob her. ,
The woman's husband had gone to
work and her mother was away from
the house. Mrs. Kelly, who was wash-
Ing dishes, heard . a knock on the
kitchen door.. Thinking that it was
one of the neighbors, she" opened it at
once and was confronted by a rough
looking man . with- a white handker
chief around the lower part of his
face.", J • ¦; V- ¦:¦"." ¦ #- ¦¦'. '; ; ¦ ¦
"I uttered . a scream," said Mrs.
Kelly, "and tried to • snatch the mask
from i the man's face. -He fought ¦ des
perately with mefor a short, time, and
then -he stepped -inside the, door, and
grabbed, me by the hair. -He then
threw his arms about me and* held me
so; that my head fell, backward on his
shoulder. Quick as a flash' he tied my
hands to my, body with a piece - of
stout rope, and, then grabbing 'a large
white rag, stuffed it down! my throat
until I could not make a sound. As
he was binding me I ;tried to call, for
helped. ; but he choked me brutally and
then threw me on the floor." >.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Only Six of the Twenty Dele
gates Named by the Demo
crats Are for the Editor
A resolution eulogizing the late
Marcus A. Hanna was passed and in
the platform President Roosevelt's
policy -concerning the Panama canal
is approved.
GUTHRIE, O. T.. April 7.— The Re
publicans of Oklahoma in convention
In thl$ city to-day recommended Hon.
B. T. McGuire of Pawnee for Delegate
to Congress and C M. Cade of Shaw
nee for National Commltteeman to
succeed William Grimes, Secretary of
Oklahoma, without opositlon. The
six delegates to the National Conven
tion are instructed to cast their vote
solidly for Theodore Roosevelt for
President.
Republican Conwntlon Instructs for
President Roosevelt.
OKLAHOMA'S DELEGATES.
HEARST LOSES
KANSAS FIGHT
TOKIO, April 7. — A dispatch from
Seoul. Korea, says that Japanese sup
ply steamships are safely entering the
estuary of the Yalu River £ and are
landing their cargoes at various points
on the Korean shore. It is presumed
here that the movement 'Of these sup
ply steamships Is covered by Japanese
gunboats.' If this be true the Russian
forts erected upon the Manchurian side
of the Yalu River evidently are not ef
fective. According ,to reliable Korean
reports the American mines : at Unsan
and the English mines at Gwendolin
are safely guarded by detachments of
Japanese troops.
JAPAN CONTROLS THE YALU.
Supply Steamships Enter the River
and Land Their Cargoes.
Robber Enters a Spokane
and Nearly
Kills Woman, v;
- The girl's story is a shocking reye-;
lation of the primitive theocy of life
that is followed by the scarcely civil
ized dwellers in the wild mountainous
districts of Missouri- ;r-'C
WASHINGTON, Iowa, April 7. —
Clad in dresses that scarcely cleared
her knees and with • her dark hair
falling in long curls over her shoul
ders, Gertie Trust, 11 years old, to-day
filed a petition before Judge Scott for
the annulment of her marriage with
John Luper, 60 years old, of .Burling
ton, Iowa, whom, she declared, she
had been forced to wed when she was
nine years old.
Was Married at the Age of Nine to a
Man Fifty Years Her
Senior.
GIRL OF ELEVEN YEARS
IS SUING FOR DIVORCE
MASKED MAN
FIGHTS WITH
YOUNG BRIDE
'.'It was, mentioned that Secretary Ed
wards" had some; connection with the
Hearst propaganda for the Presidency:
The friends of Edwards ¦ answered this
by stating that this fact ought not to
Influence : the vote either way, ; as ~ he
maintained Kthls -\ connection entirely
outsideJhls official duties with the com
mittee.!:; The committee adjourned at
11 o'clock, without 'electing a secretary.
Senator; Carmack of and
Representative ; Ransdell of ; Louisiana
made against i the election of
Secretary ' Edwards. -,
Representative- W. S. Cowherd of
Missouri was ; elected ; chairman of the
Democratic Congressional committee
without opposition to-night. \
y. The question of K the election of a
secretary to they committee caused
much ] discussion. ; The .present secre
tary,. Charles A. Edwards, was placed
ins nomination by. "Representative Ke
hoe of Kentucky and seconded by Rep
resentative' Bowers of Mississippi, act
ing for Representative Williams, who
was late in arriving at the meeting.
Representative Dinsmore/of Arkansas
moved -that - the newly elected chair
man be authorized; to appoint a secre
tary to j the committee. £ Representative
Thayer; of Massachusetts indorsed this
action. - • . . ;
will forecast the attitude of the party
in the campaign.
Representative 'Williams has been
highly complimented on his leadership
in the House. He became Democratic
manageron the floor, at the beginning
of this Congress, and he has kept the
Republicans busier In defending them
selves than they have been in many
years. Indeed, it is said to be the first
time' that the Democrats have had
sane leadership on the floor of the
House since William L. Wilson lot
West Virginia was chairman of .he
Committee on Ways and Means. Wil
liams-'has been consistent at all times
and has pointed out '¦ the > policy for
Democrats of favoring tariff revision
and reciprocity.
Judge George Gray . of ' Delaware was
one of those who took occasion to
write Williams \ a good \ word. V- Others
from whom he 1 has heard at various
times have been Senator Gorman and
nearly every Democratic Senator; for
mer. Governor Hill of New York and
most of the Governors v from Demo
cratic States. There are;, many who
are urging him for the Vice Presidency
nomination and who agree with mem
bersof Congress that it is time for the
Democrats to' take one of their candi
dates from the South.
PERMANENT CHAIRMAN OF THE REPUBLICAN NATIONAL. CONVENTION
AND MINORITY LEADER IN HOUSE, WHO WILL PRESIDE TEMPORARI
LY AT THE DEMOCRATIC GATHERING IN ST. LOUIS.
The gown set off the "glrllshnefis" of
his figure admirably. A blonde wig
covered the tell-tale short .cropped
hair. A pair of long'; gloves hid from
view fingers which had , become far
from comely on the baseball field. The
powder puff was liberally used and
then carried to the ball, frequently td,
be employed later. -/ • . r
At the New WIHard "Miss Van
Eyck," together with the Misses Bell,
consulted a mirror, and after assur
ances that everything ¦ was "perfectly
lovely." sw.ept into the ballroom, soon
to be surrounded by claimants 1 for
dances. v»v :;';¦ , i ¦ : -\
The Misses Bell kept , *"Mlss !,Van
Eyck" well; under their, wing and once
reproved her for. flirting. Before mid
night the Identity of "Miss Van Eyck"
was '^pretty well 'known. •?¦ ¦ .... ••- ,
"She" went to supper with one of the
best-known, young men In Washington.
The two had - such a long tete-a-tete
later; that those not ln^the secret be
gan to'gosslp at;a great : rate.,. \ .:
Some of the men, as weir as the pat
ronesses of . the ball, are indlgnant'ovftr
the' Imposition practiced by young Bell/
Gardiner Bell: is 17 years old and
glories in a telenderness of figure and a
delicateness of feature, which made
the rest easy when he arnd his sisters.
Miss Helena and Miss Grace Bell, de
cided that "Miss Van Eyck" should
among those present at the- charity
ball. Their mother was absent from
home. She declared to-day that if she
had been there her son ¦ never ..would
have been permitted to don a stunning
pink, frock belonging to one of his sis
ters. * ¦ .- ¦ * ''¦•'. -. ¦ '; "--¦- j .--:
This Is the way it began to. leak out
about midnight that "Miss Van Eyck,"
around whom some of the most popu
lar dancing men of Washington had
been crowding all evening, was" really
young Gardiner Bell, son of Charles J.
Bell, president of the American Se
curity and Trust Company and grand
son of Alexander Graham Beli, the em
inent scientist.
All Washington society is talking
about it to-day. Mrs. James W.
Wadsworth and other of the patron
esses are Indignant over it. The/char
ity" ball was, one of the smartest func
tions of the season.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, April 7.— "Do you
know," confided one fair young woman
to another at the charity ball for, the
Home for Incurables, at the New Wil
lard Hotel, last night, 'that there is a
man in this ballroom dressed in girl's
clothes?" . %
•"Heavens, no!" . .
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Youth's Escapade Shocks
Society Matrons in
Washington.
MASQUERADES
AS A GIRL AT
CHARITY BALL
BARCELONA Spain, April 7.— King
Alfonso, accompanied by Premier Mau
ra and War Minister Linares, started
this morning on a round of visits to
factories, where he conversed with. the
working people, praised their labor and
declared that one of his greatest de
sires was to adequately protect the
workmen. He also visited the work
men's quarters, many of which were
.decorated. Everywhere the King was
accorded a most cordial welcome.
The Italie. the organ of the Foreign
Office, congratulates King Alfonso on
his escape.
MADRID, April 7.— Private accounts
received from Barcelona regarding the
explosion- which took place as King
Alfonso was leaving the exhibition
there yesterday continue to vary in
detail. The official report of the affair
bae been issued here:
"At 9:30 o'clock yesterday evening a
petard exploded *in the portico of the
house at 19 Rambla Delcentro. There
was a loud explosion, which caused
material damage. In the ensuing panic
two persons were slightly injured.
"King Alfonso passed the spot within
a few minutes after the occurrence and
was warmly cheered by the crowd,
which had become tranquil. ;•
. "The originator of the outrage has
not been discovered. One man was ar
rested, but has since been released."
ROME, April 7.— The Patria says:
"An enormous crowd "waited for King
Alfonso outside the exhibition building,
where there was no military cordon,
and the crowd was thus enabled to
approach the royal carriages, although
surrounded by a number of detectives.
When the King appeared, followed by
Premier Maura, there was a great out
burst of applause, to which he respond
ed with smiles and by saluting in mili
tary fashion. While the King was
stepping Into his carriage a sharp ex
plosion was heard, followed by cries of
pain. His Majesty turned around, with
out showing any emotion, and Pre
mier Maura urged him" to proceed^
"The crowd abandoned the royal car
riages and surrounded the place where
the two persons wounded by the ex
plosion were lying. The bomb had been
thrown without well calculating the
distance and it exploded, wounding two
sightseers who were applauding the
King. The Kjng remained on the spot
until the two wounded persons had
been removed to a hospital, and then
he received an enthusiastic ovation.
"One man was arrested. His name
was kept secret, but it is doubtful if
in the confusion the police seized the
real culprit, as especially no one pres
ent .was able to tell exactly from
where the bomb was thrown."
When this suspicious circumstance
was reported the detectives examined
the cabin and found that the bandits
must have stayed there for five days
before the night they donned masks
and went to Copley, five miles north,
to hold up the Oregon express. They
must have returned to 'the cabin after
having Engineer Joe Sink haul them
to Keswick station from the scene of
their crime, then endeavored unsuc
cessfully to dispose of all evidence and
left for parts Unknown.
In the water at the bottom of a fifty
foot shaft the_ detectives found the
clothes the men« wore while holding up
the train and in the cabin they. found
a strap from which a piece was cut
to form a shoulder strap for the bag
in which the dynamite was carried.
A San Francisco paper of five succes
sive issues previous to the date of the
hold-up established in the detectives'
minds the length of time the men were
at the Nigger Hill mine.
The lineman who put the detectives
on the right scent gave a good descrip
tion of the man who opened the cabin
door for him. The o.uce.rs are satis
fied that he Is a man who formerly
lived near Whiskytown and who, with
two bachelor neighbors, was suspected
of havine held up the ,Weaverville
stage In June. 1903, as the three quietly
left the Whiskytown region a short
time previous to the Copley hold-up
and have not since returned.
REDDING, April 7.— Wells-FargO
and Southern Pacific detectives work
ing here on the Copley train robbery
case have found where the three ban
dits stayed for five days previous to
committing the crime and have prac
tically established the identity of the
highwaymen. They have no idea, how
ever, of the men's present whereabouts.
While planning the hold-up the men
who later killed Messenger O'Neil were
rendezvoused in a deserted mining cab
in at the Nigger Hill mine, a mile west
of the town of Keswick. This cabin %
belongs to R. O. Dunn, who has been
the agent for Wells-Fargo in *edding
ever since the express company estab
lished an office here.
The detectives learned of the rendez
vous from a lineman who sought ad
mission to a supposedly unoccupied
cabin a couple of days previous to the
robbery. He found three men in the
little shack. One of them opened the
door ever so slightly, gave an evasive
answer to a question and then closed
the door.
i louse is being: brought face to face
with a proposition to repudiate sil
ver. A record vote is unavoidable,
and the situation brought abtfut. with
its bearing on the coming Presiden
tial campaign, is the most interesting
from a political standpoint now in
Congress.
The Finance Committee of the Sen
ate has reported favorably a bill to
remove the limit on the pur
chase of silver bullion for subsidiary
coin and has rwommended that it be
Inserted in the sundry civil appropria
tion bill. This will be done by the
Appropriation Committee, and, ac
cording to present plans, .the Senate
will pass it. The Senate has never
been averse to passing silver legisla
tion, so long as the House was largely
• Republican and stood ready to act as
a check.
The effect of the Senate amendment
would be to leave the law of 1873
practically in operation, thus permit
ting the Secretary of the Treasury to
purchase silver for subsidiary coinage
to any extent he might see fit. When
this Senate amendment goes to Che
House in conference rejiort on the
sundry civil bill Representative Hem
enway will move to accept the
amendment, provided it is changed
so that standard silver dollars now
stored in the treasury, to the amount
of $500,000,000, can be recoined to
provide for subsidiary coin as de
manded.
This would have the effect of still
limiting the purchase of silver bul
lion and would again bring the Dem
ocratic mjnority face to face with the
silver issue.
John Sharp Williams, the minority
leader, has told the Republican lead
ers that he could not agree to support
the Hemenway amendment. In other
words, the Democrats of the House
propose to stand for the Senate
amendment removing the limit on the
purchase of silver bullion.
The amendment which Hemenway
will propose is similar in effect to the
proposition contained in the Hill cur
rency bill reported by the House
Committee on Banking and Currency
to-day, calling for the recoinage of
standard silver dollars into subsidiary
coin. This section of the bill was re
ported by a majority of but two In
committee, .the Democrats oppos
ing tt.
Hill's bill, besides doing away with
the limit on subsidiary coinage, per
mits the use of gold certificates In de
nominations of $10: authorizes de
posits of customs receipts in national
banks, the same as internal receipts,
and repeals the law permitting the
withdrawal of S3, 000,000 of coin In
any one month.
Call bureau, hotel bar-
TOX. WASHINGTON. April 7. —
With the Democratic party I apparent
ly in a position to nominate ,a gold
candidate, and with nearly every
Democrat in Congress declaring ' for
Judge Parker, the minority in the
Special Dispatch to The Call
Finance Committee Reports Favorably
Bill to Remove the Limit on'
Purchase of Bullion.
Youthful Sovereign Displays Great
Coolness and Remains -While
Victims Are Cared For.
Clothing of Men Who Tried to Rob
Oregon Express at Copley Pound*
i in Bottom of a Shaft.
Republicans Will Force the
Minority to Gj Upon
Story Told by a Lineman
Aids the Detectives in
the Search.
Explosion Wounds Two of
the Spectators Ctieering
lor Their Ruler.
"The Japanese force is apparently
composed of the Guards and the Sec
ond and Twelfth divisions. Two more
divisions, the First and the Third, are
reported to be in transports near Yong
ampho. These may be inteded to land
on either bank of the river, according
to events and to the nature of ther oper
ations of the next few days,
"The Yalu at TViJu, where the main
road crosses it, is 120 miles in a straight
line from Liaoyang, where, the road
toucfies the railway. The road between
the two places falls Into three unequal
lengths. The firat leads to the town
of Fengwangcheng, where the Russians
are believed to have a force support
ing, their advance parties on the Yalu;
the second leads through a hilly defile,
turning first northward and then west
ward to penetrate the- Motlenleng
range, and the third leads from this
range to Liaoyang.
"The Russian commander can hard
ly intend to make a firm stand on th-i
Yalu or in front of the defile and hills,
but the Japanese commander couhi
wish for nothing better. He would,
probably, in that case, cross the Yalu
with his right wing as strongly as pos
sible. The advance, or right wing, as
suming it to be strong enough, would
compel the Russians t~ retreat and
leave open the passage for the left
wing. " -' ,-^*H*'
"Very much depends on the strength
of the Japanese. force on the Yalu* and
its proportion to the Russian forces
available in Southern Manchuria, for
if the Japanese general has superior
numbers he may aim at the railway
north of Mukden. „>> '¦¦'¦
"The distance from Broughton Bay
to the middle Yalu is "not greater than
that from Pingyang to Wiju and it la
conceivable that the right wing of the
Japanese force may be stronger than
could be Inferred from the list of divi
sions known to have landed in Korea.
"But, once the Japanese outposts are
on the line of the Yalu, the troops will
be moved in a few days from the west
coast near Anju to the Yalu abova
Wiju.
"An attack on the Russian left, or a
movement to turn it, would probably
compel the Russians to abandon the
coast defenses below Antung and clear
the way for a Japanese Janding there
or at' Antung, which would then be
come the Japanese base of supplies.
Some days must probably be allowed
for the movement of .the Japanese
troops to concentrate behind the screen
formed by the Yalu and to* reconnoiter
the.strength and positions of the
enemy, in their front.
"The presence of the fleet of trans
ports near the mouth of - the Yalu
shows how completely the Russian
squadron at .Port Arthur is dominated
by the Japanese squadron, even though
the , whereabouts of the Japanese
squadron is, unknown." . .
"The Japanese now appear to hold the
left bank of the Yalu from its mouth,
but there is no means of knowing the
extent of their front. Their left flank
is at Yongampho on the Estuary, and.
as they hold Unsan, their right flank
may be at Pyokdong, sixty miles up the
stream, or even farther away from the
left. -VV\»
LONDON, April 7.— Of the various
commentaries on the military situation
In Korea printed here this morning the
rrtost illuminating is that of Spencer
Wilkinson, who writes in the Morning
Post as follows:
Special Cable to The Call and New York H«r«
nld. Copyright. ltx>4. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Transport Fleet Is
Off Mouth of
the Yalu.
Free Silver Appari
tion Appears in
Manhunters in Shasta
Locate Shack of
RoBte.
AssassinHurlsPetard
Before Alfonso
Is Near.
May Turn Russian
Flank and Move
v on Mukden.
OLD ISSUE
CONFOUNDS
DEMOCRACY
BOMB FAILS
TO IMPERIL
YOUNG KING
OFFICERS
FIND CABIN
OF BANDITS
Brown Army Now
in Readiness
to Strike.
DEMOCRATIC LEADER I N HOUSE
WILL BE TEMPORARY CHAIRMAN
OF THE NATIONAL CONVENTION
John S, Williams to
Be Honored by
His Party,
Special Dispatch to' The Call.
CALL. BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON,. April' 7.— There has
been a strong sentiment among Demo
crats in favor- of '.showing some dis
tinction to Representative John Sharp
Williams, qf. ; Mississippi at the next
Democratic National Convention. It
has about been 'determined that he
shall . be temporary chairman of the
convention and make a speech which
THE {SAN FRANCISCO CALL), FRIDAY, .APRIL 8, ;: 1904;
TOKIO, April 7. --Reliable reports were received here to-day from Seoul to the effect that part of the. Japanese
fighting line had crossed the Yalu arid established itself in strong p'ositions at'several inriportant points on the Man-
JAPAN'S ARMY CROSSES THE YALU RIVER
4
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
You'll Know
When you get the Grip, but you won't
know how it happened — no one does.
You won't care. You will b« too mis-
rrable. But you will be intensely inter-
ested in haw to r<"t rid of it.
How to stop those cold chills from
chasing up and down the spine, the in-
cessant pains in the limbs and back nau-
sea, coughing fits. 6neezinsr. discharge
from *he eyes end nose, muscular pains
and that brain-racking headache.
The best treatment known for thi*
dreadful affliction Is im *
Dr. Miles' Nervine
Dr. Miles' Nervine cures by buildinr
tip the nervous system and destroy-in*
the germs which poison the blood. If
taken when first symptoms appear is al
most a sure preventive.
T"I suffered several weeks with GrlD
and nothing' I took seemed to benefit me
I suffered almost death, until I tried Dr'
Miles' Restorative Nervine. From the
first day I- felt better. It relieved ray
misery and pain, and gave me an appe-
tite, and in a few -days I had fully re-
covered.-— MRS. QEO. B. HALL. 149 Lee
8t.. Jackson. Tenn.: -
. Money back if first bottle fails to ben-
efit.
• DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
ALONG-pTOT.
rt I« Supplied at Itast la Sam Praacisco.
Good-natured people are often irri-
table. ¦ ; ,
If you knew the reason you; would not
be surprised. . ' . , ." ;
¦ Ever have itching piles? 1 ; r
. Not sick enough to go to" bed.. not well
enough to be content? -• ;
The constant itching sensation.
Hard \o bear, harder to get relief.
Spoils your temper, nearly drives you
crazy. '
Isn't relief and cure a long-felt want?
You can have relief and cure if you
will -follow the advice of a local citizen.
E/J. Thayer, carpenter, of 43S Eliza-
beth, street, says:" "I had itching hem-
orrhoids, commonly called - piles, for
years. The attacks were perhaps not so
bad as "those some people describe, but
they were sufficiently Irritating and last-
ed long enough to cause me far too much
annoyance to be pleasant. Doan's Oint-
ment- stopped the last . attack. 1 1 can
confidently recommend Its use." f
• For 'sale by all dealers.: Price 50 cents.
Foster-Mil burn Co.. Buffalo.*. N. Y.. solsi
agents for the United "States. ;¦ A
Renfember the name, Doan's, and take!
no substitute' *¦-'.' 'SANTA crtUZ. Aprli 7.— The coopers of ail
the lime "Wins in this county'have gone'on a
strike. They received ' 9 cents . per barrel and
demanded 10 cents. The. demand has not been
compiled with. ". An effort -Is .being i made to
have the teamsters at the kilns also strike.'
t SEATTLE,* April- 7.— Officers of .the
steamer Cottage} City, ;;which arrived
this morning, 1 report, a double -tragedy
at" "Juneau, ;in which Mames" Coggings
was: stabbed land; beaten to /death by,
'Joseph Andries.'. Three days later An
dries, took 'his own^ life. .;
Murder and Suicide at Junean.
Squaw Suspected of ; Mnrder.
Dynamite Causes Ufa Death.
V SPOKANE, Wash., April ;7.—."Buck
skin Joe/' an old Indian sub-chief of
the Coeur 'd'Alene^ tribe, i who lived
upon the reservation just over the
Idaho line," is missing and it Is report
ed .that he- was murdered by his
squaw, Who then cremated; a portion
of his body, ,• j<L
, FRESNO. April 7.— Fred Deslrello
was blown to' pieces in his cabin at
Millwood this ' morning. He was em
ployed by the Sanger Lumber Com
pany In blasting redwood stumps and
while carelessly 'handling some' J stick3
of dynamite -he caused an explosion
which shattered his cabin and killed
Jiim instantly.
VANCOUVER,. B.C., April. 7.-^-Four
wealthy * Chinese • boys sent here from
China -to be educated. under the aus
oices' of r the Chinese 5 Reform Associa
tion, have /been I drowned in Burrard
Inlet. They went, out: in: a' small boat
on Tuesday ', afternoon , and as .they
did not ; return a search was ' made for,
them. Their upturned boat was found
to-dayi floating in -the; inlet.' 'Search
for * their; bodies still "continues. ':'• It*; is
supposed the boat capsized in a gale.
FOUR CHINESE BOYS .
.DROWNED IN AN INLET
WASHINGTON. April. 7.— Senator
Nelson, from the Committee on Com
merce, to-day presented a report giving
the result of a sub-committee, inquiry
of the charges made against the Sail
ors' Home at San Francisco. : The
charges were those of crimping; or in
ducing sailors to desert. The report
finds that they were unwarranted -and
groundless. - . " . .
Senator Nelson of Commerce Commit
tee Files Report Finding, Charges
Made Are Groundless.
MANAGEMENT OF SAILORS'
HOME IS VINDICATED
LONDON, -April * 8.— A ' dispatch 'to
the Times from . Kalatzo, Tibet j dated
yesterday," reports 4hat ',-. 200- Tibetans
at the, village of Samonda.in-treacher
ously, firing a .volley. 1 at a party of Brit
ish officers, whom; they invited, to par
ley with \ them;' aimed badly. , No one
was wounded, but the action is sup-r
posed to indicate the tactics which | the
Tibetans | intended ftol employ -at ",Guru.
The correspondent adds that reinforce
ments are \ arriving; at; Gyangse to'op
pose . the British ' advance." '
Invite Intended Victims - to Parley
With Them and Then Treacher
ously Try, to Shoot Them.
TIBETANS * OPEN FIRE
.ON BRITISH OFFICERS
BERLIN, April 7.— The reports of
anti-Semitic massacres and - cruelties
at Lompalanka, Bulgaria, circulated
in the United States by a news agency,
are highly exaggerated and are based
on a paragraph in one of the German
papers which merely mentioned : the
threatening attitude of the Bulgarian
population. against the Jews and' os
tensible vengeance against a young
Macedonian. The alleged crucifixion
details are nothing more than inven
tions. ,
Authorities at Berlin Deny the Stories
of Anti-Semitic Cruelties at Lorn*
palanka, Bulgaria.
REPORTS , OF MASSACRE .
ARE HIGHLY EXAGGERATED
per away,
KANSAS CITY, Mo., April 7.— Willie
Sledge, the two-year-old son of Mrs.
Mary Sledge, who lives in the packing
house district, was. attacked by rats
while his mother was away at work
and so terribly Injured that he died
to-day. His face was almost shredded
by thc teeth and claws of the rodents.
Before going out, Mm. Sledge, know
ing the house to # be infested by rats,
took unusual precautions for the safe
ty of her little one. She blocked all of
the holes and placed her baby, on a
high bed and wrapped him in blankets:
For a further safeguard the mother
spread a tarpaulin across the bed and
securely tucked it around the ends.
When she returned she heard the
piteous sobs of the little boy and
rushed to the bed. The room was dark
and when the mother lighted a match
she saw a hundred or more rats scam-
Babe Is Attacked by Rodents During
Mother's Absence and So Badly
Bitten That It Dies.
KANSAS CITY INFANT
IS KILLED BY RATS
WOODLAND, April 7.— Two favorites
In Woodland society left San Francisco
for Mexico this morning, and upon
their arrival 'in Mazatlan will become
the brides of two well-known business
men, former residents of Woodland,
but now engaged in business In Mexico.
The brides-to-be are Miss Annie
Schluer and Miss Leonora Cummins.
They will travel together and probably
both be married on the same day. •
Miss Schluer Is the second daughter
of Mr.' and Mrs.' Otto Schluer. She is a
Native Daughter, has held many re
sponsible ? positions . in the local parlor
and has represented it in the Grand
Parlor. The man who is anxiously
waiting for her coming Is Albert G.
Schindler, who left. Yolo County for
Mexico seventeen years ago. He has
acquired valuable property in the State
of SInaloa' and elsewhere in Mexico. ¦
Miss Cummins is the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. J.T." Cummins. She is espe
cially talented in music, i She took a
course at Holy Rosary Acedemy and
was afterward- graduated, from the
Conservatory, of Music at San Jose. She
¦will be wed to Forest Beamer Caldwell,
a son - of Mrs. Tena Caldwell r and a
nephew of Hon;R.H: Beamer. He took
a course 1 in civil engineering - at the
State University and shortly after his
graduation was employed by. Colonel D.
M Burns and-holds a lucrative and re
sponsible - position - in one of Colonel
Burns' big mining enterprises.
Two Favorites in, Yolo County So
ciety Travel Together to Meet
"Prospective Husbands.
WOODLAND BELLES SAIL
TO ALTARS IN MEXICO
•PUEBLO, Colo., April 7.— Eighteen
indictments were returned to-day by
the Grand Jury, which has been in
session several weeks. Charles Walk
der, Alderman, is charged with brib
ery in one count; John L. Kirtland,
Street Commissioner, is indicted /on
four counts, and ex-City Clerk W. 12
Smith has thirteen charges preferred
against him. - In the charges against
Kirtland, larceny and false pretenses
are alleged, and against Smith charges
of uttering false instruments. Sheriff
Beaman has arrested all three men.
They were released on $500 bonds
each.
Charges of Larceny, False t Pretenses
and Uttering False Instruments
Are Made Against Defendants.
OFFICIALS OF PUEBLO
ARE UNDER INDICTMENT
Cortelyou, with a request for a report
on the following points, to be made to
the committee at the next session of
Congress:
1. What would b- the additional cost to
the, United State* under the bill on articles
which it customarily obtains by contract? p
2. What damage would It Inflict on the
manufacturing interests?
3." Would contractors who now supply the
Government continue to contract with the Gov
ernment ?
4. What effect would it - have on the ship
building interests?
5. What effect would it have on export
trade? , -
6. Are laboring people willing to have taken
from them the right to labor more than eight
hours ?
7. What effect will it hare on the agri
cultural interests?
House Committee Decides to Request
Information of the Department
of Commerce and Labor.
WASHINGTON, April 7. — The
House Committee on Labor to-day de
cided to refer the eight-hour bill to
Secretary of Commerce and Labor
REFERS EIGHT-HOUR BILL
TO SECRETARY CORTELYOU
SALT . LAKE, April 7.— A ' joint
meeting, of the Utah Cattle Dealers*
Association and the Utah Wool. Grow
ers' Association was held here to-day
to devise a plan -of fighting the beef
trust. It was the unanimous opinion
that the only effective method was to
establish independent packing houses
and a movement was started looking
to .the establishment of such a plant
in this city within a year.
Utah Cattle Dealers and Wool Grow
ers Propose to Estnlflish Inde
pendent Packing Houses.
MEET TO DEVISE PLAN
OF FIGHTING BEEF .TRUST
Present* $1000 to Methodist Church
SANTA CRUZ, April 7.— Professor
Theo Noel to-day presented Rev. F.
K. Baker, pastor of the Methodist
rhurch, with $1000 for the use and
benefit of the Boys' Brigade.
SHANGHAI. April 7. — It has been
learned here that the Russians have
planted submarln" mines off the coast
at Takushan (about fifty miles west of
the mouth of the Yalu River), as well
aa In the estuary of the Yalu.
The Japanese army in Korea is now
reaching thc south bank of the Yalu
Kiver at different points.
•Tapanr«* Arriving at the Yalu.
NEW TORK, April 7. — Announce
ment'was made > to-day that Elihu
Root has been engaged to represent
the Northern .Securities Company in
its. fight to prevent E. H. Harriman
from obtaining control of the North
ern Pacific Railway as a result of the
distribution of the Northern Securities
assets in accordance, with the Supreme
Court'8*v decision. "•-• The selection "of
¦Root as the; champion of the Hill
liquidation • plan, which would place
the cpntrol of the Northern Pacific
and Great Northern railroads, accord
ing to Harriman's contention, in the
hands . of the j same individuals who
now dominate the Northern Securities
Company, caused some comment in
Wall. street on account of Root's for
mer connection with President Roose
velt's Cabinet.
Former Secretary Is Retained to Pre
vent Harrlman Obtaining Control
"of 'the" Northern Pacific.
ROOT WHilv REPRESENT
THE SECURITIES COMPANY
There rr.ujt be more than pood lawn to make
a good people. A man whose morality In ex
pressed merely in "he non-Infringement of. the
law Is a pretty poor crfaturrT Unless our av
erage citizenship is bauF«d upon a good deal
more than mere observance of the laws on the
statute books our average citizenship can never
j-roiuce thc kind of government which It
should produce. So far from liberty and the
responsibilities of self-government being
things which come easily and to any people,
they are peculiarly things that come only to
the most highly developed people, capable not
only of Mastering others, but of mastering
themselves, and who can achieve real self-
government and real liberty.
Therefore, there must be . restraint. A free
people ha« merely substituted self-restraint, for
txternal restraint, and the permanence of our
freedom as a people and of our liberty depends
upon the way in which we shall exercise that
Felf-restraint.
I hav« recently, in reading a book. b«en Im
mensely struck by ths thought developed In It
by one of our greatest scholars, who wa?
(¦peaking of freedom and of the fact that free
dom could not exist unless, there went with it
a sense of responsibility, and he used a phrase
somewhat ?!kp this: "That among, all p*ople»
there must be "a restraint; "if "there ts no ,re
etra'nt there Is, for an Inevitable result, an-'
archy. which is the negation of all govern
ment." . • .
Chief Executive Delivers an Address
at a Dinner Given by the Periodi
cal Publishers' Association.
WASHINGTON, April 7. — A dis
tinguished party attended the dinner
given at the New Willard Hotel to
night by the Periodical Publishers'
Association of America. President
Roosevelt was present and made ' a
speech. To his right sat Count Cas
sini, the Russian Embasador, dean of
the corps. In responding to a toast
the President said in part: _
DUTIES OF CITIZENSHIP
THE PRESIDENTS THEME
VLADIVOSTOK, .April 7.— The Eas
ter outlook here is. bad, owing to the
scarcity of food. The poor people are
unable to afford the customary Easter
pies and eggs. In view of the petro
leum famine the local authorities have
taken over the oil supplies and have
placed the inhabitants on an allow
ance of a pound of oil per day.
Food Scarce In Vladivostok.
Russia recognizes that Japan now
has preponderating naval strength in
the Far East. Therefore it is essential
to reverse, the present - Japanese , pre
ponderance. This will be attempted
by two distinct moves: : :• —
First, urgent efforts -will be made to
have a naval concentration at Port
Arthur, the Baltic, Red Sea and.Vlad
ivostok fleets joining Vice Admiral
Makaroff's command if possible, and
.thus giving the combined fleets pre
ponderance ovex Vice Admiral Togo's.
Second, it is foreseen that it .will be
difficult and probably impossible to
'effect this concentration, as Admiral
Togo may intercept the Baltic fleet be
fore Its arrival- at Port Arthur. In
that, event the Baltic fleet, which is
comparatively small, will attempt the
perilous task of engaging . the large
Japanese fleet in the hope of disabling
soirfe of the Japanese ships and thus
reducing the Japanese effectiveness.
According to the Russian calculations
the Baltic fleet may suffer annihilation
in such an uneaual combat, but it will
have served a valuable end "if It is
able to cripple a sufficient number of
Japanese ships . to reduce Admiral
Togo's naval strength below that of
Admiral Makaroff.
The foregoing information is not part
of current speculative report, but comes
from creditable official sources, as be
ing the determined Russian plan. The
authorities in Washington will receive
similar information shortly.
PARIS, April 7.— The Russian naval
plan for retrieving the reverses at Port
Arthur and Chemulpo has been com
municated : to one of the embassies
through official channels having access
to the highest naval authorities at ; St.
Petersburg. The plan is explained as
follows:
Eussia Hopes to Cripple
the Foe, Even at Great
Sacrifice.
Will Be Sent to the Far
East' to Attack the
v ' Japanese.
CZAR CALLS
OUT NAVAL
RESERVES
"A ooloael of th« general staff has
informed me that a general mobilisa
tion Is In course of preparation. In
view of complications which may en
sue, the police have been instructed
to prepare lists of ail university grad
uates under <0 years old capable of
pervlng as reserve offlcers. A portion
of the reserves will be told off to
guard the Siberian railroad. The de
cree will be published shortly.
"The arming of the port of Libau
has been completed and foreign ves
sels have been forbidden to enter the.
port without authorization." '
SALONICA, April 7.— It Is officially
reported that eighty battalions of re
difs of tne Fourth Army Corps have
b*en mobilized. This step ostensibly
was taken with the view of the sup
pression of the Armenian revolt, but
it is believed the troops really are des
tined for Macedonia. An lrade is ex
pected shortly ordering the mobiliza
tion of the Hamadleh ' cavalry.
VIENNA, April 7.— The Fremden
blatt alludes to the possibility of the
Bulgarian representative, G. D. Navo
vitch. leaving Constantinople unless an
agreement between Turkey and Bul
garia should be signed to-morrow.
Information comes to the Bulgarian
<!5plornatic agency here that the TurXs
have again begun the persecution of
thc Bulgarian population of Mace
donia, under the pretext of searching
for arms.
A Sofla disoatch to a news agency
Fpys that orders for the mobilization
of the Bulgarian army have been sus
pended, owing to the fact that the
Porte has made a fresh proposal for
the settlement of the differences be
t wpen the two countries. Diplomatic
A cent Navovitch, therefore, has been
Instructed to resume negotiations.
ST. PETERSBURG. April 7.— The an
nouncement of the calling out of th*
naval reserves at Sebastopol is the fea
ture ot tie day, some Insisting that It
means a tiireat against Turkey and
Bulgaria, although It may Just as well
be caused by the necessity for *. large
number of men for the new fleet of
warships being completed here,
PARIS, April 8.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Petit Parisien
cables tl»e Jollowlng:
Epeclal Onfc> to Tfce CiO! aad »«• Torfc Het^
• Id. Cor.vTiehU 1904. by th« New Tork
H*r»M Pxiblish'.ns- Comparjr.
May Be Threat Against
Turkey. AVhich Seems
Intent Upon War.
Russian Forces Is
Intended.
Genera] Mobilization of the
Perennial Disturbances Are Without
Political Significance.
SEOUL. Korea, April 7. — Chi Min
Heui, a former Minister to the United
States, has been appointed Minister
to Japan In place of Hyun Tons Un,
who was appointed on April 1, but
who refused to accept the post.
Hayashl, the Japanese Minister to
Korea, claims, that the murder of
three Japanese merchants in the prov
ince of Chengcheng was due to inter
nal disorders. It is also reported that
the Tong-Hak risings in co-operation
with disbanded Korean soldiers in the
vicinity of Pingyang are nothing. but
the usual perennial disturbances and
have no significance politically.
Toward midnight the streets pre
sented weird nnd picturesque scenes.
From all the churches issued streams
of people, each person bearing a lighted
candle. The boulevards and even the
narrow alleys seemed filled with hurry
ing, ghostly figures, each one trying
hard with cloak or hood or hands to
screen the tiny flame of the wax taper
from the wind.
The Dowager Empress, who never
before has failed to be present at the
festivities attending the birthday of her
father. King Christian of Denmark, will
not be at Copenhagen to-morrow, it
being the unwritten law of Russia that
no member of the imperial family shall
leave the empire in time of .war.
• v
ACTIVITY OF THE TOXG-HAKS.
while the'gospels were being read with
in. .During to-night's service. In every
sacred edifice each member of the con
gregation held a lighted taper, which
was subsequently taken home and
placed before an ikon of the devotee's
patron saint. . . .
The Emperor and the imperial famllr
attended a similar service in the church
of the Winter Palace. later taking the.
sacrament with the Dowager Empress
at the Anitchkoff Palace.
The Emperor stood throughout the
long rite at thc Winter Palace.
The great bells of hundreds of cathe
drals and churches In St. Petersburg
tolled solemnly, at intervals to-night
With the exception of the soldiers and
sailors in the Far East every Orthodox
Russian to-day began a three days'
fast. As a military measure, to guard
against possible surprises by the enemy
while the Emperor's legions are debil
itated by abstinence from food, special
dispensations have been granted to the
men, relieving them of their religious
duties of fasting and confessing.
In all the churches of the empire to
day solemn scenes— the last supper, the
washing of feet, the betrayal, the Judg
ment and the sentence— were impres
sively re-enacted.
In the Russian capital the greatest
interest centered in the ceremony in
St. Isaac's Cathedral, where the rites
and ceremonials were conducted on a'
scale of great magnificence, the Met
ropolitan of St. Petersburg, who wore
upon his head a miter ablaze with dia
monds, impersonating the Savior and
the chief Bishops of the province rep
resenting ' the disciples. From early
morning the vast' cathedral was
thronged with the devout and unnum
bered thousands surrounding the build
ing were unable to gain admission.
Among the congregation were many
women dressed in spotless white, who
had come to take the communion. Most
of those outside the cathedral remained
there j.11 day at their devotions, sway
ing and crossing- themselves, and at
interval?, as the service proceeded,
prostrating their bodies and touching
the floor with their foreheads. All the
foreign diplomats, including - United
States Embassador McCcrmick, were
present.
EMPEROR ATTENDS RITES.
General rain throughout Russia
marked the Inauguration of the Easter
hclidaysi an augury, according to the
popular legend, of bountiful crops.
Business and all Government work
were suspended as customary. The an
nunciation of the Virgin was signal
ized by various traditional observances
— birds were set free, bonfires were
built, holy bread was placed in the bins
for, luck and the village girls unplaited
their hair.
Vice Admiral Stark has received the
Order of St. Vladimir, and Rear Ad
miral Prince Ukhtomsky has been
decorated with the Order of St. Stan
islaus in recognition of their able de
fense on the occasion of the Japanese
torpedo-tboat attack on Port Arthur on
February 5. The Order of St. Vladimir
has been bestowed upon Captain Reit
.".enstein for his able handling of the
Vladivostok squadron.
A special dispatch from Port Arthur
describes how the cruisers Bayan and
Novik. during the attack on Port Ar
thur on March 27, covered the torpedo
boat destroyer Silni, which was
aground, from the enemy's fire, hauling
her off the shoal and bringing her back
to port. It further describes how, sub
sequently, the whole Russian fleet
sailed out of the harbor and formed in
line of battle, ready to accept a com
bat, which the Japanese declined.
Three of the Japanese fire ships sunk
In attempts to block the harbor have
been raised and towed into the harbor
at Port Arthur, where they are being
armed with rapid-fire guns for service
against the enemy.
The Novokral of Port Arthur, in its
issue of March 13, received here to-day,
reviews the utterances of some Amer
ican papers to show that American
aims are altogether selfish, being mo
nopolized by the open-door policy with
out mentioning the yellow peril, which
monopolizes the attention of the Rus
sians in the Far East.
THREE DAYS' FAST BEGINS.
A correspondent of the Vostchny
Vostnik Btates that many of those
slightly wounded in the first Ixom
bardment of Port Arthur have died as
a result of # the poisonous gases em
anating fro'm the Japanese shells. He
notes that many of the enemy's pro
jectiles fall In or near the hospital,
and adds that it has been determined
to evacuate the City Hospital at-Dalny
if that place is bombarded, because of
an unwillingness to trust to the hu
manity of the Japanese.
DECORATION' FOR STARK.
A correspondent of the Novostl,
writing frcm Liaoyang on March 13,
says that that small town has been
transformed into a military city as a
result of the arrival of many troops.
Living has become extremely expen
sive, due to the inability of merchants
to obtain private freight. No goods
are allowed to be shipped to Liaoyang
from Port Arthur. A table of prices
shows that the necessaries of life had
risen to two and three times the nor
mal prices. American beer was quoted
at 50 cents a bottle, whereas before
the war it brought only 10 cents. No
relief from the high prices can be had.
as the military requires the use of
practically all the space in the railroad
cars.
The Admiralty has received informa
tion that a Japanese squadron has
been cruising oft Port Arthur since
yesterday.
While the first line of defense against
the Japanese advance from Korea is
a strong: position, selected by General
Kuropatkin, near Fensvrang Cheng, it
Is believed the Russians Intend to hold
out as long as possible at Antung,
which commands the Peking road. The
place has many natural advantages for
defense. General Kurolci's army, ac
cording to* Russian advices. Is strung
out along^ the road between Anju and
Wiju. its advance being severely im
peded by bad reads, which make it dlf
l'.eult to push forward the supplies,
which are delivered by coolies, requir
ing eight days, a march from Chongju
to the Yalu. For seventy miles the
river is &00 fathoms wide and at Yong
ainpho it is Ice-laden and barred by
Islands, whence the Russian sharp
shooters can harass the Japanese ad
vance.
ENTRENCHED XKAR HAIGHENG.
The Russians have entrenched them
selves heavily near Haicheng to block
the progress of the Japanese, in case
they succeed In landing at the head of
the LJaotung Qulf.
ST. PETERSBURG. April 7.— General
Kuropatkln, who -arrJved at New
chwang on Wednesday and inspected
4000 troops there, greeting them In the
name of the Emperor, also inspected the
defensive works of the town and held
a conference with the commanders. It
is reported here that he found the
tioops In good health and spirits.
The Russian volunteer fleet steam
ship Kasan, damaged during the first
bombardment of Port Arthur, has been
converted into a hospital ship.
The peasant industries exhibit, for
merly intended for St. Louis, was being
sold at auction to-day for the benefit
of the Red Cross Society. It Includes
wood, leather and metal work, lace and
embroidery artistically executed in
characteristic Russian style, and moun
tains of ingenious toys, all selling for
a song.
BALTIC SEA
FLEET MUST
FIGHT TOGO
Kuropatkin's Army Will Make Its
First Stand West of the
Yalu River.
RUSSIANS TO GIVE BATTLE AT ANTUNG
THE SAN " FRANCISCO CALL; 'FRIDAY, APRIL 8,; 1904.
5
»».*t*6*t *,*M*,*M WtWtKKM* KltltKBtKlir.KitltBt«tK ' *K*****M****> «W«WIW »X**XMX. ipiXX*K 9W*X#K 'JmWVUrjr,*.
Wei March Forces Big Aprii Saies |
Men's and Boys' Clothing;, Men's Furnishing Goods, Muslin Underwear, French Linj^erie S
;i off, Furniture and Carpets, Porto Rico Cigars, Houss Furnishings, Crockery, Dress' Goods jc
and Silks, Wash Fabrics, White Goods. Men's and Women's Shoes, Women's Outer* Gar- 5
ments, Toilet and Rubber Goods, Groceries and Liquors, Curtains and 'Draperies. - J
And on Friday and Saturday We Add f
From 8:30 to il la. m."'Frid^Oiniy^^\ I
"The Right ol Way," Gilbert Parka's best and. most famous book, good OQa \ \
edition, cloth binding; never sold before under $1.08; for. .****** ( |
.-Some Charming 75c and $1.00 A Line of ,$8.50 and $10.50 :?
Point Lierre Collars Hats at \^^^^^^^^ 1
"oTvcar U with U coats and Millinery/ffcri ever- made by l|r_ /j^S]]j 5
fcrent deigns; Arabian and butter ¦hides'; to- . J*" 1 «W« ¦^ summer— at ®
dav and to morrow, onlv 23C l«,t fifty different effects- Jf^Mj$k %\
¦ creations of our own expert x •
___ . M " B AS *&** milliners, at a saving to-day ff^K^W^'ifi'fl'i' ¦ \
VwOmGn S-lmlSie mwOSC and Saturday of 'almost a third."*^"'''-*^^ JTj
VWOrth 3&C fOr £**G An cxce ? iiom\\y fine line of Children's Hals now on "j
These are imported stockings, two-thread lisle, sale ... ...;.... $2mSO to $5.00 ~«
Hermsdorf black, military ribbed, high spliced • - J
heels, double soles; the city's best hosiery. bar- \y e arf j . th j e r X
gain at Friday and Saturday's -sale price, pair e dUU l0 me Saie °. T *
• • • • • • • • • • • - • 23 ° Men's and Boys' 5
Glace Taffeta Ribbons m Clothing \
: Worth 20c for 14c H W^m^M^i !
We have offered a succession of ribbon sales J£*L good maker to be sold at the *
during the past few weeks that have amazed our r^^f|g same prices as the overstocks 5
patrons, and the special for to-day and Saturday will f .%:,' " '/ xif and short lots already an- 5
be found to be fully as wonderful a value as any [M ' gp nounced — viz,, p. 50 and : *
of its predecessors. , ¦ i-.-.m ;| -Hf! 511.50— giving you even bet- X
beautiful soft finish Glace Taffeta, 4 .inches I, &§;.,•; • fMtei values and a much larger "J
wide, in blue, pink/turquoise, red. maise, white \&m^ • , >L variety of the wanted "styles 5
and cream; the right kind for bows; per yard M|^:|f than when the sale began, last J
' • • • • •••.••••••••• i*C T^;'K&&1 Monday.
A Remarkable Offering B?Kf Men's Suits S7.5G 5
Razors and Strops Ifflf Worth u p t0 1500 \
¦^p immense purchase of the eel Jbrated Wade & 1| |p SSf^T %
Bu^her Razors, J. A. Henckel's and other makes, 1| ' ?f n nn ,J n S
to-day and Saturday at about hal! price. Each razor . |ff Wk wor , th U P t0 51^.00, and all *
is gua^anteed'strictly first class in every particu- p| f, broken lines of our regular J
lar? We will replace any blade that does not prove §1; ffl $10.00 and $12-50 su ts X
satisfactory if returned Jo us in good condition. &, U, that Imvel been culled from the x
The Jl.oo Challenge hollow ground, black handle, ivory _ o B$ / *|.j mam StOCk. A dOZen Styles Of
tipped raior* for OiCG Wlj. \*1 neat mixtures and a big lot of X
Wade & Butcher $1.25 Bow Razors, black handles, # and :_,_ f,j .^fik blacksin both Sacks and CUt- $
3/-inch bladei, fcr . .... . . . O»7Cr \1 %y oi V av frnrW All sizps— id tn *t
Wade& Putcher $1.50 extr. fin: Razor for private use, jjq . ». >.¦ " away trOCKS. AH Size* 34 to X
concave b!adei, round corn:rs, for %fZJG . %/ 44- X
Th= rfcommended jJi^o-R-fle Razors, full hollow ground, oo _¦ . tUI**—*** di Hfi 5
black handle, ivorr tip wedge, for . ., . . 89C . .. tViCn S &UitS £>lt.OU *
Theii.75 "Great PrinceV Razor, black handles^ ivory W f f/f • Worth Up tO $20.00 2
tip, round corners,. for . ; . . .^ff«#Cf -• _ . r-. -.^ ,j
The $1.75 «'Batber*s Pride" hollow ground Razor, }4 This includes the spcciaLputchase of fine suits J
or 5/ inch blade, for ............... worth up to $2Q.oo and all broken lines of our regular X
J. A. Henckel's |i. 7 5 celebrated hollow-ground R«or, jq $15.00 to 52O.OO 'that have been selected from the £
3cc 0r Hor t Se d , a «nva; back " Razor * siroV. i^ eid..- "- "uin stock. Suits for men of all ages and taste, Plenty X
' leather handle/ for . . . . : . . •• . .mfG of all sizes 34 to 44 and a tew blacks in 46. Worsteds, 1J
••Kten Edge" Strop Dressing— Warranted to give smooth mg* Cassimeres and Cheviots, fancies and a big Io: ot . plain '*
. edge and not injure razor .............. MUG b]uc and blj , ck> " ' j*
-. _ _. " Em m ' ' ' Men's Coats and Vests H«lf PrJce— Both tack and cutaway s^riss; «
in iwlen S rUt*niSnintJS blsck, clays and cheviots and a few mixtures; wer^ f 7.50 to $ 15.00; >{
35c HaU Hose— Plain and fancies .. • • ... 17c now • • • • • • $3.75 to &7.5O *
50c Linen HandKerchicb (guaranteed) .... 25o Small Boys' Suits- 3 to 6 years, that were * 5 .co and j6.oo ; \ x
$1.00 Golf Shirts-Up-to-date styles 73c _. now • • '.-.' '•'¦¦¦ .;, '. ' ' ¦' : * Z ' GS ?
50c and 75c Neckwear -Four-in-hands and tecks, Th b r o e y e - Piece Suits - 8 to l6 JcarJ ' thjt wlU p care thc |
beautiful patterns, made of fine silks; .marked Youth$ ; Suiu i; n \" nl ¦£££ ' the n " ew r^ g ' h " ch^- ; b " nsht x
for the Big Store's April Sales, 6 lor $ ImUU, and medium shades/W cheviots and dark mixtures; far above the M
Or each • • • • • '• • * 35C ordinary that joa can get at the price &5.QO X
Butter Sale To-Day and Saturday |
The Best Creamery— The kind that has made our special sales famous; 5
regular size squares; for the two days only ***&** J
• : X
Men's $3.50 4*~~m> S7f Women's. $3.50 $
Lace Shoes &s> S^^yA^f, m**^ Kid Uce Shoe ? $
Patent colt skin, welted TvTi i m 1 1 1 1 1 ¦ TT 7 t mmv Strictly new. desirable X
soles good looking, long - > mmm^ B^e^a^^^^^^^^^ styles, but in sizes z%, 3, \
wearing. *^^^i^ p AMERICA'S CPAMDEST STORE ~ 3 y' 2 and 4 only and A to D widths- X
' "" . ¦ ¦ ' ... X
WHOM** WaW*"** ****** *«**•« *U'«4'4 »W<W«ai '*'*'*'A'4 VAWAi* *W***WA'*4444 "A'AA*** ****** W*W*
ADVEBTISEMEJTTS.
H Brand • m
|| Evaporated m
f| Cream Ji
2 because it is mort concentrated; ffl I
t Ha ccau:is richest In cream; Ppf
Mgj because meet skillfully |||j|
rjjca Its purity is guaranteed Sg3
IS3 under forfeit of $5,000 to H*||
jKijS anyone able to prove E*§L
,£j£JPl any adulteration in our EBHk
()vi3it OR. JORDAN'S great 0
eaBSEHH OF flgflTOHY*
A CU ::;lKA:ZKSr.tet.5:t*7i.:.r.Cd.i
\ fJt Tl» LMTfrrt Anatwnictt Museum in the \
/) Ip - World. W <?»kr.e«««* or «r,y cii)tr»<.t»d A
, fl&iSj d •'»'¦* r»»m»«"«y ™i»<ii.phf:a>i T
£ JfTS ?g ¦ bpeo»liit on the Couu E»t j6yein. G
A gV&f & OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN A
t^S^^ll CoMwItmon frer «nd fri'tly pri«tr. \
/ I JtJV n TrmiBMftit p»rs«r»!ljr ot ti» ifttrf A Q I
V fl (F vk y Cvirt la tray aw undrruim. T I
A Pit 1* A Wftf for Bonk. PCILOHOPnV «f A •
V '\ u* !C*n m *«!¦:. vAiLr.o ifes. (a r !
X il H. **'"«ble book for aim) \ j
V Ml. JOEO AS *«;©.. 105! M«rfc*t!<t..*». F. Y '
' — — I
nKU^llflO krrs - bootblacks. b*t»«.
LJllUUUUU bou«e». billUrd tab!**.
br««-era. bookbinders, candy makers. cunn*r».
tyen. flour mills, foundries iauiMlrie«. paj.er- j
fcanr^re, prSntrr*. painters. ehc* facto"l^».
etablexnen. tar-ronfcr». tann^rr. tnilors. «fc ,
BUCHAZTAST BEOS, |
Brush Manufacturer*. 609 Sacramento St. •
i "BROWN'S BfOnoMgi'ffo'H
Ctcucfc, Suro Relief for I
/0^ COUGHS AND COLDS, .
Boxes only. *} S***— ****?>"
A child could pf^fffl' i
cross the continent W V i
in a Rock Island tourist fm ISf 3
It is vestibuled and has p >s/S lili gj
double windows. The heat- P^» "'^"^V-i ill
ing and ventilating arrange- 1
ments are all that can be de- jjp! j|*-'* 3tHB 1
sired. The linen is clean, | fj
the berths are wide", and* ,^^r» *7^5 1
there is a porter ready to do nS^ij °fr£fA 1
your bidding at any hour 'j^^ji j /Bk i
If you want to go East orer a jtfra5# yB3Bjf i"^r^m gj
iouthern routs, take the Rock Iiland'i jjlpp^ IflK^P I * \ J 24
I f you wish to tee the finest icer.iry , / /A $j
en the globe, go via Salt Lake City and /^*^^Kfk i|-*^W H
The Rock Island runs tourist "* "Si •Va-'^^ n
•leepers thro' to Chicago orer both J~fllfl "iBS w
lines— T«iaily v'n El Paso; three times . h ¦ " \ ; §
Full information at any Southern ' I" " \7^y~^ {
Pacific ticket office or by addreainj ' \ S
C. A. RUTHERFORD, lifilSfikEiljl 1 tht/ .**. 1
District Passenger Agent, /fiSSPYif'Jn^^L I B $ \
623 Market St., San Francisco, Cal." (jJfiSrf'oliJI -,, *§M I fjj\ 3RLMHURST. :April 7.— The school
bond election for $6000 for additions to
school buildings was carried yesterday
by a majority, of 81 votes.
School Bonds Are Carried.
OAKLAND. April 7.— Mrs, T Stella;Per
ry, a widow residing at the corner of
Nulty avenue and the county "Oroad,"
was found unconscious in , her > home
yesterday. The woman died to-day
without regaining consciousness. The
Coroner took charge of the remains.'"
Found Dyinjr in Her Home.
OAKLAND. -'April 7.— The Free Pub
lic Library w as entered last ; night by
burglars^ whbl gained 'access to the
building: through -a window whlch ; had
been left unfastened, and who, after an
extended search, found and made away
with- $1 50 in postage stamps and a mu
tilated 25-cent piece. -.~
Burglars Enter Library.
, ALAMEDA,- April
are being made by the. "Board of' Ed
ucation" for, an Arbor day to betheld
here within \ two ; weeks, the '¦' date to
be chosen ; this week. Colonel John
P.Irish has informed President Frank
Otis' of the^Board of, Education Uhat
he jvill- deliver an address.:; The. local
improvement ' cluba arid * the- civic sec
tion of the Adelphian! Club; will be in
vited to participate In the exercises.
Plan <AIanieda Arbor , Day.
. OAKLAND, April I 7. — The newly
elected officers ¦ of Oakland Lodge No.'
171, Benevolent Protective Order of
Elks, were, installed' this /^evening by
Grand ' Exalted ,, Ruler - Joseph \ Fanning,
assisted by.; Past Grand .Exalted Ruler
Meade D. Detweiler. "After the installa
tion a social session and reception was
held, at which Past Exalted Ruler H. C.
Capweir presided. •
Elks Install New Officer*!.
"OAKLAND. April- 7. — The annual
concert ol the Oakland Turn j Verein,
given this evening at Germania Hall,
was a delightful musical and social
success. The.: programme Included
solos and a number of choral selections
by. the Oakland and the San Francisco
Turn Vereins. .
Particularly enjoyable were the solos
by Miss Esther. Mundell of San! Fran
cisco. The singer possesses remarkable
sweetness of .ton£*£orabined with'vol
ume and appreciate?*, value of .expres
sion. William B. King was her accom^
panist. Dan Lawrence rendered tenor
solos. The boys' choir of St. John's
Church sang two numbers; Louis Klotz
gave trombone solos and there were
orchestral numbers.
OAKLAND TURN VEKEIX
GIVES ANNUAL CONCERT
. A Russian lieutena'nt gets about $200
a year, a captain about $300 and a
major $450.
The one-year-old baby of Mrs. J. A.'
Wilson that was J sleeping with: its
motherJawoke and, making its way to
the! side of the bed, upset a coal < oil
lamp that was lighted and standing on
a table close by. .,ln the explosion that
followed the little one j was burned on
the head and the bed clothing, carpet
and room were set on fire.
Mrs. Wilson awakened from her
slumber with the sound of the explo
sion and hurriedly sprang /rom the bed,
carrying her child with • her. She
screamed for help and in a few mo
ments other occupants of • the . house
went ", to* her and "succeeded
after a stubborn struggle in subduing
the flames, but not before'- the fire ap
paratus had been summoned. •
- Mrs. Wilson escaped without Injury.
The \ damage * to the • room and its con
tents is, estimated .to be $150. The loss
is covered, by, insurance. \»Y
ALAMEDA, .. April ,7.^-An t infant's
curiosity, and desire ; to play . with a
lighted lamp caused an explosion; and
fire and almost a. fatality this morning
at 1:30 o'clock in the residence owned
by Frederick Reschert at 711 Santa
Clara avenue. V . '
OAKLAND, April 7.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by: the
County Clerk to-day: Oscar H." Cum
mings, over 21, Sacramento, and Viva
P. Ragsdale, over 18, Bartlett Springs;
Lewis R. Murphy, 23, and Laura
Branson, 19, both of Oakland; Charles
Perkins, 28, San. Francisco, and Minnie
Gerst, ; 24, Los Angeles; Herman C.
Kattenhorn, 31, San Francisco, and Eda
Hesse, 22, Oakland; Walter W.-Brad
ley, over 21, and Alice Davies, over 18,
both of Berkeley; James A. DePoy, 27,
Oakland, and Ada A. Trathen, 25, Hay
wards;. Lawrence Servente, 21, San
Francisco, and Amelia Giava, 16, Oak
land; Walter C. Wilson, over 21. Oak
land, and Grace P. Reeb, over 18. San
Francisco; James W. ¦ Hammond, 24,
and Rita S. Olson, 23, both of Alameda.
Mnrrlage Licenses.
OAKLAND, April?.— The delegates
who .will represent the parlors of Oak
land. Berkeley and Alameda at.th'e
session of the Grand- Parlor. Native
Sons of the Golden West, which con
venes at Vallejo on Monday, April 25.
are: Oakland Parlor No. 5&— H. G. Wil
liams and E. P.. Cook: Piedmont Parlor
No. 120— J. J. McElroy, Thomas Martin
and Richard Hamb; Halcyon Parloc
No: 146 — Joseph R. Knowland and A.
B. Tarpey; Alameda Parlor No. 47— B
R. Wilson and C. T. Rose; Brooklyn
Parlor, No. 151— George, Hambs and: A.
Townsend: Athens Parlor No. ,195-^E.
T. Garrison andJB. H. Dean; Berkeiey
Parlor No. : 210-^F. Heyward andV'Ji
Kenny.
Delegates to Grand Parlor.
In substance these 'resolutions de
mand that there shall be a : periodical
inspection : of the . boarding-houses of
Berkeley, and in this undertaking the
co-operation of the town of Berkeley
will be sought, j In addition the resolu
tions say that it is # desirable that data
be collected from the students them
selves in regard to their own health
and the nature of the houses that they
inhabit. . :
The resolutions are the outgrowth of
the effort of President Wheeler to se
cure a better state of,- health for the
university population. The first step in
this direction was taken several months
ago, when he submitted a plan for, the
Improvement of the drainage system on
the university grounds. The resolutions
will betaken up by the Academic Coun
cil to-morrow. • . > • , -
The deans of the various colleges at
the university are the gentlemen op
posed to so many landladies. Perhaps
they have had some such experience as
students now suffer in their own : college
days. At any rate they passed a set
of resolutions to-day that will be sub
mitted to the Academic Council for
consideration. % . •
It is said that the Berkeley boarding
house does not even approach the ideal.
In some of them, tradition says, the
butter is not ahove reproach. In others
an indigestible species of pie is served.
Still others dole out coffee that is cof
fee in name only, quoth the student
boarders. Moreover, others give ra
tions of soup, that are so sparse as to
call for a tipping of the plate for every
spoonful. ¦ • X~x ¦¦¦'¦ ~-
All this radicalism and upheaving of
traditions is due directly to a sudden
conclusion on the part of the univer
sity authorities to devote some atten
tion to the physical health of the uni
versity. They think that better food
may have some 'effect on the quality
and quantity of brains nourished!
The boarding-houses of Berkeley will
be subjected to the scrutiny. of the fac
ulty of the University of California.
Berkeley boarding-houses have long
been the butt of the wits of the univer
sity and the town, and abundant and
various are the puns that have been
cracked at the expense of the boarding
house landlady. But now the boarding
house is to be taken up seriously and
exploited in a way. that will be thor
oughly scientific.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street. April 7.
"The predominating Ufe at the great
depths is the starfish and the sea
urchin. The sea urchin is most abun
dant in individuals and kinds. The offi
cers of the vessel say that many en
tirely new specimens were procured,
and " we took thousands that remain to
be classified. It will be some time be
fore we know of just what value the
expedition is to science, as it will re
quire considerable research." A
Samples of the bottom were taken 'by
the expedition at all places, and science
will be Interested to know'that bitumen
was found in large quantities .at the.
great depths.
William B. Ititter, professor of
zoology at the University of California,
returned yesterday from a voyage on
the steamer Albatross, having been en
gaged for the last month in collecting
specimens of sea life for scientific re
search. Professor Ititter was the leader
of the expedition, of which the other
members were Professor C. H. Gilbert
and F. A. Spaulding, of the zoological
department of Stanford University, and
L. H. Miller of the zoological depart
ment of the University of California.,
The expedition was arranged for by
the United States Bureau of Fisheries,
which placed the Albatross at the serv
ice of the scientists. The entire month
was spent in sounding and dredging the
ocean off San Dipgo, although most of
the work was carried on about Point
Lioma, Lrfi Jolla and Catalina Islands.
Some dredging was done about 240 miles
off Point Concepclon, this being the far
thest tho stamer sailed from laind. Here
the abysmal depths begin, the sound
ings ranging anywhere from 10,000 .to
14,000 feet.
"It was in these great depths that we
found the most Interesting specimens
of sea life," said Professor Ritter to
night. "There is an abundance of life
there and it is surprising the gorgeous
colors the inhabitants wear. One would
think that the colors would be somber,
but on the contrary they are both strik
ing and various. The range of color
is astonishing.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, April 7.:
Mis* Gertrude Hinchman, sister of William
H inch man. the well known promoter of ama
teur athletic sports. Js tteriously HI at th« Ala
meda Sanitarium, having underwent an opera
tion for appendicitis." • . * ' (
Mrs. Virgil Nahl. with ber eon and father.
James Powell, will leave to-morrow for New
York. They will also visit Canada and the
St. lyouir exposition, and expect to return to
Alameda In ''*Tr?i:i<TffClt
. Mr. .and Mm. A. Horatio Cogswell and Mt*s
Elisabeth Westrate, participant* in the con
cert to b« given in the new Flwt Presbyterian
Church this evening, have Invited the matron
and inmates of the California Girls' Training
Home to be their guesta. . :
Those present were Mr. and Mm. i" S. Hop
kinii. Mr. and Mr*. B. 1>. Fisher. Dr. and Mrs
L. W. Sttdham. Mr. «nd Mrr.'~ William- Rams* v"
Mr. and Mm. W. D. Hlgglns. Mrs.' William
Bolt. Mm. J. J. Norman. Mm. E. Y " Rouse
Mm. J. B. Horton. Mm." M. C. Benjamin Miss
L. Hopkins. Miss M. Wood. J. Mutlin*. Mr. and
Mm. C. M. L. Culver. Mr. and Mrs. B. E.
Combs. Mr. and Mm' Will Fisher, >? and Mrs
John Nobmann Jr.
Mr. and Mrs. M. L. Culver gave a colonial
¦whist party at the Alcycn Whist Club rooms.
2C29 Fan Antonio avenue, ; Thursday, night
The guests came attired in the dress that was
characteristic of revolutionary days.. Old time
pongs were rendered by Mr. fcnd Mrs. William 1
Ttam?ay. Prise* for whist were won ' by Mm.
J. J. Norman. Miva 41.' Wood. Mm. L»:-W. SUd
ham. Mre. B. L.. Fisher, WUl'.Fisher and John
Nobmann Jr.
ALAMEDA. April 7. — Mlmeg Irene and May
Hagy entertained at their home. . STI Walnut
•street. Tuesday evening in honor of Miss Bes-:
He Shaw. The event of the. occasion was tho
production of a miniature comedy. Among the
guests . were Mi?ses Irene Taylor. , Hazel
Mudgctt. Xorma Whitney. Frances- Judd
Adetia Oay, Edith Older. Hattic Coffin. May
and Irene Hagy. Bescle Shaw, and Messrs.
Paul Bordwell, Harold Miller.* David Clark,
William Gay. J. Durkee. Fred Mudgett A
Gay. B. T. Johnson asd H. Judd.
Mm. Frank Douglas entertained th« Queen
EFther Whist Club Tuewlay, April 5. All mem
bers enjoyed a most pleasant afternoon. Mm.
W. K. Sanborn winning flmt prize and Mrs.
Charles Keyster the second.
The nection managers for. the frames* of five
hundred will be Mm. Frank C. Watson. Kd
ward M. Walsh. Mm. E. J. Cotton. Mm. James
P. H.. Dunn. Mrs. Paul I^ohse. Mm William
II. High. Mm. Wlllard F. Williamson. Mm.
Oordon M. Ftnlp, Mrs. Lee Cole Burnham.
Mr«. Egbert Stone and'Mrn. William Sharon.
No cards of invitation will be pent out -this
year, the general public being welcome. .Par
tie* Jesiring to play together can secure a sec
tion by applying to any one of the above
named section managers.
Management of the whist sections will be un
der the direction of Mrs. O. A. Chase, Mrs.
O»car -Luning. Mre. W. P. Palmer, Mm.
Char'.ca Kgbert. Mrs. T. C. Coogan. Mrs.
<'harle« Bratnober. Mm. Carleton Crane, Mre.
Hurh Hogan. Mrs. C. S. Chamberlain. Mm.
A. G. Freeman. Mr«. Harry Eart Miller. Mm.
Wallace Everson. Mrs^W. S. Baxter, Mrs. E.
B. Sanborn.
Prize* — Mrs. Prentlss Selby. chairman: Mrs
Oscar Liming, Mrs. Folger. Mrs. Ernest Fol
ger. Mre. W. B. Palmer, Mrs. William Cllft,
Mn> W. K. Kleeman
The various committee* In charge are: Card
party — Mri>. a. A. O'Neill, chairman; Hugh
Hogan. R. W. McCheney.
Tickets— Mm. Keml Chabot. Mrs. J. P. H.
Dunn. ,
Plans nre complete for the • ariproachlng
Fablola whist 4ournament at Maole Hall next
Monday night, one] everything Indicates a
most RuccefFsful evening,. ' Both floors of
Maple Hall 't&ve. beefl Srciired.' as five hun
dred will he played, a* well es whist. Dr.
Chnrles Tis=<1ale will have charge of the whist
gam's and .rvilhn -Taylor and Charles'
Lovell of the five hundred.
A Rmall &0<> club was entertained by Mr.
and Mrs. George Humphrey last night. It
was t!» !nst met tine cf the season nnii was
moFt enjnvnbie. The prizes were won by Mrs.
W. W. Kergan and Frank Titus. Among those
present w-re: Mr. and Mrs. A I Leb'r, Mr. and
Mrs. J. Hlldet>rand. Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Van
Court. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Titus. Mr. and
Mr*. W. V.'. Kergau. Mr. and Mm. Qcorge
Humphrey. .
Irish. MU=s Vera Wasley ana MIjw Gladys
Hale.
l!r«. Wasley wore an exquisite white lace.
gown.
INFERIOR FOOD
STIRS FACULTY
Joseph Olympia, the San Leandro
Constable who took it upon himself to
release Guy E. Covey because of a
defective warrant given him, is prob
ably safe from the proceedings begun
against him to oust him from office,
as Judge Hall, before whom the mat
ter came up to-day, intimated that he
was of the opinion that Olympia had
acted within his rights. The matter,
however, was continued until Saturday
to give the attorneys further time to
look up the law in. the case.
Covey is being pursued by a relent
less spouse, who has followed him for
months from one city tc- another. While
Mrs. Covey was : presiding over an in
teresting family event in Seattle Covey
instituted- divorce proceedings against
her here. Through the papers she lo
cated him in Alameda County and later
found him at work at San Leandro.
In order to secure him she swore to
a criminal charge for failure to sup
port his infant child and the warrant
was given to Olympia to serve.
The Constable arrested Covey, but
when it was pointed out to him that
Justice of the Peace Black of San Le
andro had no jurisdicticn over an al
leged crime committed in Seattle, and
that a. wife could in no case swear to
a complaint against her husband,
Olympia released Covey, who lost no
time in taking advantage of the situa
tion and disappearing. Mrs. Covey's
attorneys were very wroth thereat and
filed accusations against Olympia for
exceeding his authority, with the view
of taking his office away from him.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 7.
OCEAN YIELDS
QUEER THINGS
0LYMPIA WILL
PROBABLY WIN
INFANT CAUSES
SERIOUS BLAZE
OAKLAND, April. 7.— The new ar
mory of the First Congregational Ca
det Corps was dedicated this evening
at the opening of the carnival and
fair. The carnival is beingrfgiven by
the corps for the -purpose: of raising
funds to complete the furnishing of
the armory. Sixteen booths have been
erected in the armory and in addition
to the features of the fair a vaude
ville show will: be jrlven-eatjh evening,
in which Ben Cofflyn, female imper
sonator; Donald Hoster, monologist;
Scott Howatt, coon singer; Miss Grace
Thomas, child impersonator^Miss Ida
Bradley, reader, and others will take
part.
The various booths and those in
charge of them are: Young Ladies'
Guild, Miss Vance and /Miss Powell;
signal corps. Corporal "Wisbaar; shares
and guessing, Sergeant Gove; Indian,
Julius Becker; country store, Gus
Rdeth and Charles Everson; redwood
carpenter shop, Al Davis; souvenirs,
Edward Fiekes; pictures, Arthur Zeig
ler; shaving balls, Stanley Powell;
hospital ward, Sergeant Lucas; coffee
parlor, Mrs. Greele^*; refreshments,
hospital corps; museum, Sergeant
Keyes; art gallery, Miss Merrill; cham
ber of mysteries, Ellis E. Wood. The
vaudeville show is under the direction
of Dr. Dudley Smith.
The carnival is under the direction
of Captain Charles W. Stilwell, who
for more than a year has been work
ing to secure an arm6ry for the ca
det corps, of which he is the organ
izer. After exhausting every effort to
induce the church to build an armory
Captain .Stilwell organized the Con
gregational 5 , Armory Association,
which was incorporated with the fol
lowing board of directors: J. B. Rich
ardson, Charles R. Brown, Dr.. Dud
ley Smith, Lieutenant Alvin Powell
and- Captain Charles "VV. Stilwell.
Twenty-five hundred shares of stock
were sold at $1 per share and the
funds necessary for the erection of
the armory were soon raised.
The carnival will be open Friday
evening and Saturday afternoon and
evening. . . -
OFFICERS OF FIRST CONGREGATIONAL
CADET CORPS" OF OAKLAND. WHICH
DEDICATED ITS ARMORY LAST NIGHT.
OAKLAND. April J.—Kearly. one hundred
nKn>t charming women enjoyed a delightful aft
ernoon at the residence cf Mr»» F. I. Kendall
to-day, when her daughter, Mlf-s Isabella Ken
dall, cave a large oftrd party In honor of
Mis* Van Rennoelaer. Jain: 1'hyllis Mather and
Miss Hath Kale*. Eaoter 111 ice and Hpring
blossoms In pleasing -variety made fragrant
bijwrr* of *h+ different ai>arimf-nt»>. The
|.-ame of the hour was five hundred.
Mist Van Rctuwelaer ** visiting Mis* K<-n-
AlS, her home Wiry; in Tera*. lloth the and
her young hostess were prettily gowneJ in blue
m-d*y. Other* In the rewiring party *rt«
Mis* Phyllis Mathfr, Miss Ituth Kalc«, Mrn.
Oeorge Davis. Mrs. Irving liurrt'U. Mr*. Frvd
ertok Cutting, Mrs. Harry East Mlll<-r, Mrs.
E. B. Mrs. H*irii»cn Clay, Mr«. Wil
lard -Williamson. JHi.«8 I.r-tty Barry, Mlw Edna
Harry. Mi*» Carolyn Oliver, .Miss* Ada K^nna,
Mi«a K. .!•:!• Hoopor. >Usa "Kvclyn lluwH-y,
Mlfs L,Ulle JtiaacK, Alts? Anne Mc-nirath. Miss
t'larlne I., r..-. , Mlet> l-uorrlia l'.uri.lutn. Mlsa
No«*lle <Je Colia and MIpf May Coognn.
Among the. guest* were: Mrs. Allardt. Mr» ;
J. O. Allen, Mr*. Frank HaldwJn, Mrs. Ed
mund Baker, .\i:-.- I^akor. Mt5g Kathrrlne
14rx>wn, Misto-n liarry. Mrc. Brighum. &!re. I>.
<*. liurcbHm. Miss liurnham. Miss l>ck. Miss
Hiehop. Miss Florlnne Hrown. Mrs. J. Brown.
Mm, George BOrnimann, Mit. Irving liurrrll.
MIfs Irene Itangb. Mrs. Mlltnn Bulklcy, Mi*
Jpan Cllft. Miss <*piw, Mtsi" Helen t'hapr. Mlfi»
Oalre ChRlxit. Mrn. <'arltcn. Mrs. <"utring,
Mrs. Harriton C1ji>. M^s May ixxigan, Mr*. A.
<"rclltn. Mlw* «Yellin. Miss «'raig. MrF. J.
11. P. Dunn, Mrs. II. IMecfcmann, MIsm-s
L»owninc Mrs. O. . U. I>avin, Mri«. E. 1*.
How,' Miss Noclle de «o11h. Miss H. Davis,
Ml»* Kverwjn. Mi*» Kly. Mm. KvcrctU, Mrs,
Fsrr. Mrs. Fulger. Mts-» Fire. Mre. Fitzgerald.
Mi mi Fox. Mi?s Fillmore. Mm. Goodhue, M1f?>p»
<Jiay. >':>'.- Ootild. Miss Goodfellow. Mrs.
Minor Gotnlall, Mrv. O^ear Gowlng, Mrs. Gray.
Mrp Graurnrr. Mifs Honghton, Mrv. Fn«d
Hathaway. Mi** Louise Hail. Miss Eveljn
IIut«ey. Mifs Marietta Havons, Him lKal>ef
Hni^ipr, Mi'«. ¦ Huff. Mrr. Hammer. Ml«s Ke
vllla Harden, Ml?* Haven . Mirti isaAcy, Mrs.
Kudley ivinwll. Missrs Knowlen. Mjsn Kales.
Mm. «.* Krisht.. M;.Nji Grare King. Ul» Ada
K^nr.a, Mis? Kniclit. Miss 1. :.s< . MJsn l.wv;-.
Mt>. St-th Mann. Mrn. Will Meek. Mrs. Kh<»lh.v
Martin. Utam McKlrtth. .M1f« Mather. Mix*
I :-i.- Marwpdel. Miss Annie Millar. Mrs. An
drrw Mntrity, tin. Milrr. Mllwi Morniw. '
Mrs. Harr>- *^ast Mill«r. Mrs. It. Mtvjre Mrs.
Horry Meek. M!kr Mahoney. Mt!>j< Mathes. Mis»
Mason. Mrs. I. K. Nicholson. Mis* IClshtingalc,
Wm Alice Kelson. Jtltsw« Oliver. Mrs. Pheby,
Mr«, A. L.. Stone. Mr*. Egbert Stone, Mi>«
Talmer. l!r». I-^-ank Parcell.x. M!?s I'rathcr,
Mi!>* i'armMj 8utir.n. Mr*. Montell Taylor.
Mlw L..' Hemillard.'Miw 1-illle need, Mrs. -.von
rfer Ropp. Mrs. O. liCKiolph. Mif? SchlesEtnU^r.
Mts« Margaret Taylor. Mrs. Maxwell Tart.
Mrs. Frederick Btfltp, Miss »Jraee Pperry.
Misses Sim*. MIks Sterctt. Miss Marion i>mith,
MiK» Cornelia Stratum. Mixs. Georrie StronK.
Mls>< Alice Traynor. Mrs. F. P. Wilson. Mrs.
W. I* -Spencer. Mrs. W. F. Williamson. Mrs.
Hugh Webster. Miss Marlon \V«]sn. Mrs. An
drew Welsh. Mr*.' G*org* Whenton. MIm
Kl.anor Warner. Miss Wenzellburgvr and Mi?s
Mae Toung.
• • •
One of th» prettiest affair* of the «rn>k «af
the "linen shower" tendered to Mire Margaret
Ilavls by the members of the Hughes Club yes
terday at the home of Mr*. D. P. Hughes on
Myrtle rtreet. Ko adroitly had everything t>een
planned that the affair c«me upon Miss Davt»
• • a complete surprise, t^he had been prepared
to entertain a small card club and was quite
overwhelmed when the Fixtr odd members of
the Hughes Club took possession uf the- flower
<!ecked residence.
Marguerites were very appropriately o*ed in
the decorations, with pepper branches and
foliage.
The shower included every dainty article of
lingerie dear to the feminine heart and maty
rxqulntte bits of law and fine needlework were
In the rare colk'ction. ,
Miss Davis has been the club's accompanist
for the last three year* and during that time
her charming personality ha* won the Klnoera
admiration of each and every member. Her
wedding with Robert Hughes takes place io
tnorrow ex-ening.
During the afternoon a fine rnunical pro
gramme was rendered fcy various ladles of tb«
club, tncluding Mr*. Arthur Bresse.y. Mr».
Uewellys Williams. Mrs. Carl Nicols ana Mr«
Frank \V*«ley. otto Hauhut. who hat only
recently returned from Europe and who wa» a
former pupil of Uewcllyn Hurhos. gave itv
vral Cellghtful selections on the violin.
¦ A pretty feature of the afternoon was the :
ringing by the whole club of 'The Lass With <
the Delicate Air." which those who know Misa
Davis will understand wa» mort appropriate.
Th« committee from the club who had the
affair In charge wa» composed of Mr*. Wilbur :
Walker, president of the club; Mm. t, Hor-
RlCk. Mrs. L>. P. Hughes and Mrs. J. E. Hen
derson.
The ruegt of heccr was becomingly gowned
In a golden brown silk, with deep lace joke
and Oriental trimming.
• • ! « • \:
Th» reception given by Mrs. Frank Wasley
last Saturday was not only an unusually bril
liant event, but productive of a very pleasing
?urpi-lse in tht form cr an engagement— Mrs.
M'asley making known to her guest* the cn-
Mjrrment of hrr daughter. M!s« I^ullta Wasley :
and Frank A. McCuen of this city. This young I
couple, who will wed In June, are both - quite <
well known on this side nf the bay. He has
lieen a Well«-F*rro «rent her* for fourteen
years and l» «lm> manager here for the North
wtirtern L.tgfct Company. MIk* Wa»ley reoenily !
made her drbut rn the musical world and rives .
great promiw cf some day taking a high place
among singers. H>r mother, Mrs. Wasley. is »" ;
well -known mmrician. being contralto soloist at
the Fin>t I'liltarian Church. Bhe Is also eecre- .
t*T>- of the Hughe* Club.
At the reception Saturday Miss Margaret ;
Davis, the bride-to-be, shared the honors with i
MlMt U«vi. v. and the two pretty girl* formed
¦ eharmlng picture, even in that aKKomblage of
elegantly <lre?*?<l women. Jltw Davis w«t |n ¦
pal*- cr^n and Mis* \Vaf.!py wore a white lace
r«wn. • Mrs. K. \V. Hale of Sacramento &»
tit-ted rrr Ulster In receiving, and her gown
•if .-li.il!': acnr lace was- strikingly beautiful.
Mlwf» Maybelle and Juilie Hngan . of San'
l r r«n«i«"o «!»<> received. They «re both un
¦i>u«'iv ettrnctiw gliis. Mia* Maybe]le'» gown
«*» of white lac» «Md blue broadcloth, a
mwt rlaboratt affair. Her elitter was in lar
• Pder. . ¦ ¦
«>ib"i> tn the receiving party were Mis* Ger
"ud. Slaloey. Ml-s l-flima Busby. Mre. D. Pj
llughts. Mnu K. W. Cainsbfll. Ml» Franc^
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Liewis A. and Eva F. Hicks (wife) to Grac9
Gates (wire or H. D). E 40 fret of lot 7. biocle
D. man Berkeley Homestead. Berkeley: $10,
Harriet A. Xfal (single) to Emma H. Rosen
berg (wife of G. A.), lot on S line of Alameda
avenue, 310 W of Paru street. W 44 by S l.V»
lot 11, block. D. Oak Park. etc.. Alameda; $10-
Abraham ft Brokaw tsinele) to Nannie K.
Maddock iwife of Edmundj, lot on S l!n»» rf
Carlton (F.fn» street. 1C0 W of McOe* (t>wt
nellc). W 40 by S l."2:»J. lot 7, block 7, Ca»»
Tract. Berkeley; $10. t
Mildred and Louis Wellendorff' to " Adeline
Maud H. Wellendorff. lot on SE corner of Wal
nut and Cedar streets, S 75. E l:'.5. N S3.55.
W 130:5. lot 12 and portion of lot 11. Percy
Tract. Berkeley ; gift. , .
John an«i Mary Squires (wife) to H.- J. ah<
W. E. Squires (single), lot on S line of V»n»
street 107:7 W of Walnut. W to E llne>f
Shattuck avenue. S 100. E « on line "parallel
with 3 line of Vine street to point >?»:?-. W
from \V line of Walnut. N to beginning, b«»in %
portion of lots 1 to 4. block .*>. map rpsubdtvi
slon of block 5, Antlsell Tract. Berkeley; $!<»..
Calvin Adelbert Shaw (single) to ErtTvard A.
Klein, lot on W Corner of East Twenty-flr»t
utreet and Elchth avenue, NW 99:6. 19.32, by
SW M>. block 125. Clinton, deed given to cor
rect deed civen Calvin A. Shaw to Edward. A.
Klrln. 922 d. 22*. East Oakland; $1(».-
Edward A. ¦ and Annie C Klein, to Charles
MurcelU sam*. East Oakland; $10.
Richard and Edna Louise Taylor to Mart*
Verbeck (widow) lot on *S Una of Webst "r
street. 1*55 W of Mound. W 44 by S 10O. 4>tock
32. old town of Alameda. Alameda: $10.
James A. and Annie H. Campbell to Peter
and Jane Anna -Mitchell, lot on XE line of
East Twenty-seventh street, 320 BE of Nine
teenth arenue. 8E 80 by NB 140, block 9-'.
map Northern Addition to town of Brooklyn,
East Oakland: $10.
M. J. and Frances W. Congdon (wife) tr»
Frances H. Fowler {wife of Erlward S.), lot
on E line of Piedmont Way (Marie stre«t), " 1«O
¦N of Parker (Kearney avenue), a N 35 by K
135. portion lot 7, block 1. property ot John
Kearney, etc., Berkeley: $10. , . . -
Julia A. A." or Julia Ann A. Tucker Dun?
(Tucker) to John Duff (husband). - lot" on ' V.*
line of Fourth street, 100 S of Page»S 32;*
by W 123, lots 11 and 12, block 48. Tract- B.
Berkeley I... and T. I. Association, Berkeley;
gift.
James and Catherine Kelly (wife) to John
Toung, lot 18. block 74, Tract- B, Berkeley I*.
and T. I. Association.- Berkeley: $10. -
William D. and Antoinette M. Keyston - tr»
Milton H. Morse, lot at Intersection of E lin<*
of Shattuck arenue with N line of lot 8 (said
point distant 302:04 S from S line of Virginia),
thence E 115 by S 50. lot 8. block B.map
Percy Tract, less strip 30 feet wide, formerly
and since making and filing' of said map taken
from front of said lot across Its entire width)
for widening said Shattuck avenue," Berkeley;
$10.
Kate Edwards (Barnett. wif* of J.) to Davir|
B. Hunter, lot on E line of Shattuck avenue.
$9.8$ S of Steuart street. S 89.89. K 13«.O5, N"
S9:8 W- 150.72. lots 19 an«i 20, block E. map
S portion Blake estate, plat G>. V. and D.
Peralta Rancho, Berkeley; $ino.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Henry. Alice V. and Maud Mayenbaum, lot 1»
cemetery. Oakland Township; $108. ! •
George and Carrie R. Sterling to San Fran
cisco. Oakland and San Jose Railway, lot 7.
blocks 17 and 23. map of part of plat 6. Kel
lersberger's survey of V. and D. ¦ Peralta
Rancho. ' property ot J. S. Emery, Oakland!
$10.
Alfred Dingle to Emma Jan« Dingle (wife),
lot on E line of Union street. 250 8 of Thirti
eth. S 25 by E 133:3. portion of lot 4 block II.
map of lands of Peralta Homestead Associa
tion. Oakland; gift.
I Mary Jane or Mary J. and Ernest I* Ran
some (husband) . to Sam W. Cheyney, lot ' on
N corner of Tenth avenue and East Twentieth)
street. NE 150 by NW ISO, block 136, Clinton,
East Oakland: <10.
James A. and Lulu A. Anderson to Ann^
Waterman (wife of Cornelius), same, Oak
land; $10. • -
Sarah Elizabeth and Harlow P. Bancroft
(husband and as attorney) to Edward A.
Klein lot on KW corner of Sherman avenua
and Gold street. W 30.67 by X 115. portion oZ
lots 22. 23 and 61, Amended Map of Subdivi
sions of Mosswood Tract. Oakland: record' d
April 5. 1904; $10.
Laura A. and Charles D. Haven (husband)
to James A. Anderson, lot on E line of Chest
nut street. 180 N of Eighth, N. 30 by E 95*.
block 545. Boardman's Map. Oakland; $.10.
Alameda County.
WEDNESDAY. APRII* 6.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Cases of three; scavengers in Judge
Samuels' court were continued to-day
until April 11. at request of Attorney
James Creoley, representing the gar
bage collectors. The attorney said he
desired that one case be selected upon
which to carry a test to the Supreme
Court. The scavengers desired that
they should be unmolested while the
litigation is in progress. City author
ities declared that such a step would
defeat" the nbjocts of.^the ordinance,
namely, to give the city a. modern and
sanitary method of garbage disposal.
The people in the neighborhood of it are
the only ones whw»*hould be listened to, and
a« to them, they -should not complain until
they see from its actual operation that it is
injurious to them. If they are reasonable
th? clt# government will co-operate with them.
Nobody else is entitled to make a kick.
W AtUlEN" OI-N E Y. . Ma yor.
it will be abated und a better method of burn
ing m-J stiiutcd. but a modern city like. Oak
land will nt.t endure the past methods. The
cn-matDry 1* here to «tay. The thing to do
is to we that ft Is not offensive. . .
Mayor Olney to-day supplemented his
explanations of yesterday with a for
mal statement concerning the existing
conditions. He said:
The lam- relating to the disposal of garbage
will b« enforced. Gathering the earbago of
a city by private pcaveng-ern and dumping it
on vacant ground on the windward side of
the city *avor« of barber! *m. It is only one
stop beyond not collecting It at all. The
public health require* that the disposal of
(rarlmpe rhould be' done, systematically and
scientifically. The courts have' hold that it
1* a Question of police power to preserve the
health of the p«"ople, and from the very
nature cf the case the collection and disposal
of the garbage mut=t rest in the city author
ities. It is a natural monopoly like supplying
watf-r or ras, and courts will not interfere
with the regulation* established by tho city.'
I hear that, money Js being rained to fight
the garbage ordinance*. It is a foolish wa?te
of money. Supooee the courts should poir.i
out some technical objections to the present
ordinances, what then? The Council would
immediately psj<s other ordinances obvmtuiK
the obi^ct ions. ¦
The garbage of the | rity will be , collected
under city lam - s and burned. There Is' no
other way unlen We prefer the barbarism of
an uncivilized people. ... ...
If. in actufj' ex^H'rtence. the crematory
proves to I* a nuisance In the neighborhood,
Orders to the police are to continue to
make arrests without cessation. The
scavengers have insisted to-day that
the crusade would not prevent them
from carrying on their usual work un
til, at least, the ordinance had been
tested In the courts and decision
should rest against them.
In compliance with Instructions from
the Board of Police and Fire Commis
sioners, the Chief of Police to-day re
sumed the arrest of scavengers who
are charged with collecting garbage in
violation of the garbage Incinerating
ordinance. More than thirty arrests
were made during the day. By request
of the scavengers' attorney, nominal
bail was fixed. In some cases the
same man was arrested twice, as he
resumed collections, as soon as he had
been released on bail in the first in
stance.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 7.
. Fifth and last on the list of alleged
delinquents comes Policeman W. H.
Smith. Patrolman Smith was sus
pended from duty last night by the
Chief of Police, who says he saw the
policeman dangling his legs from the
counter of a Japanese shoe store near
Thirtieth street and San Pablo ave
nue, instead of tramping his beat. And
this Is the grist that will confront the
Police Commissioners at their meeting
to-morrow afternoon.
Police Matron Mrs. Reed Is charged
with unduly exposing 1 a woman pris
oner under search. Patrolman Cor
nelius Keef e is under fire for an al
leged unwarranted arrest, but not
much stock is taken in this charge.
Keefe patrols a very hard beat and
his superiors say it must be controlled
with a firm hand.
The list of alleged delinquents is
headed by Policeman John P. Scan-
Ian. That officer stands accused of
violating a rule of the department and
the law of the State by betting on a
prizefight. Also is Scanlan charged
with kicking John J. Mulvey. a crip
pled newsboy, with whom he had a
dispute over a bet on the Britt-Cor
bett fight.
Next comes Policeman A. J. Hall,
whose divers and contradictory stories
concerning his alleged encounter with
burglars in North Oakland several
weeks ago, coupled with his alleged
frequent reporting off duty, miles away
from his beat, has caused the Police
Commissioners to investigate. Hall's
conduct during the encounter with the
surprised burglars at Henry Herr's
residence in North Oakland has led
the police officials to the belief that
Hall, to put it mildly, lost his nerve
and did not act as a brave policeman
should have conducted himself in an
emergency.
There is a screw loose in the Oak
land Police Department. No less than
five patrolmen or other persons, sub
ject to the Police Commissioners' au
thority are under the cloud of charges
of various kinds. The t>ercentage is
out of proportion to the number of
patrolmen on the police force, sixty
flve all told..
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 7.
Thpre will- be no appeal taken on
behaJf of Luigi Orio, the Italian con
victed of the murder of L. tirauiano,
nnd whrn the man comes up for sen
tence to-morrow nothing more will be
dune than to make a plea for the mercy
of ihe court. Attorney A. 1* Flick will
do this. The trial of the case was such
that it is announced there is no ground
for exceptions and the only hope is of
Orio's previous good character and'that
the circumstances of the crime may in
fluence the Judge in his behalf.
Orio and the murdered man were
blends, but quarreled over money mat
tors, and, meeting in th»» dark the same
fvonlng of thole quarrel, Oratziano fell
the victim of Orio's wrath.. He was
Fli-it through the node and lingered for
week* before finally succumbing to his
wound. In defense Orii» says that it
was dark and that when they recog
nized each other Gratrinn.o had threat
ened him. He also paid that the dead
man had saJd when they finished their
fight earlier in the day. that he would
kill him.* Orlo'p statement of the shoot
inp. however, was denied by the 12
year-old son of <Jratziano. who was
with his father nt the time he was
phot, and who testified that* Orio shot
«? soon as they were close enough to
re<-o£nijt<» each ether.
Orio was found puilty after fifty
nouns of deliberation of murder in the
second degree. The maximum penalty
is life imprisonment,, while the mini
mum is ten years.
¦i ?
Oakland Ofllce San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. April 7.
Plea Will Be Made to Save
Murderer From Suffering
Extreme Penalty of Law
George XV. Tuthffl Waits in Vain for
Ills Friends to Answer Call
for Aid.
BERKELEY, April 7. — With -death
stalking about his lowly bedside and
lingering over his every breath.
George \V. Tuthill waited through the
early hours of this morning: for some
one to answer his signal for succor.
The signal was a red flag and he had
hung it out of his window so that hla
friends might see it. The minutes
and the hours passed, but no one
came, for It was early morningr and.
people were not up then. Still th<»
flag fluttered unseen and at last death,
impatient,. seized its prey.
The dead man's friends ,were -.Mr.
and Mrs. Robert Thompson of 2514
Benvenue avenue. He. had been sick
for a long time, with none but them,
to give him help. It had tfeen ar
ranged that when he wished to see*
them quickly he should hang a red
flag out of his window. When Mr.
Thompson saw the flag this mornln?..
her shed to his friend's relief, but tha
victim of disease was dead.
CHIMSOX FLAG TELLS
ITS STORY TOO LATE
Declares the Old Methods
of Handling Refuse of
the City to' Be Barbaric
Officer : W. H. Smith Is Seen
Idling His Time Away in
a Japanese Shoe Stoic
MAYOR'S STRONG STAND
NO GROUND FOR- APPEAL
CHIEF NABS ONE MAN
Luigi Orio Can Only Ask
That Cognizance Be Taken
of Facts in . Mitigation
Police-' Board Galled Upon
to Investigate a Batch
I of Patrolmen Under Fire
Continue Crusade Against
Scavengers Charged With
Collecting the /Garbage
MANY CHARGES
TO BE HEARD
POLICE MAKE
MANY ARRESTS
COURT'S MERCY
HIS ONE HOPE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 8, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
First Congregational Cadet Corps Dedicates Its Quarters, Just Com
pleted, and Will Conduct Fair With Sixteen Pretty Booths to
Secure the Funds Necessary to Fit Up the Interior of Building
OPEN CARNIVAL FOR PURPOSE
OF FURNISHING NEW ARMORY
6
<• ADVEBTISEMENTS.
'* joss of their girlish forms
however,; by the^use of Mother's Friend beforfbaby co^^^J
great hmment always prepares the body for the. strain upon it, and
preserves .the symmetry of^her : fbini: Mother Friend overcomes all the
dangerof child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
Jis critical period without pain.; It is* woman's greatest blessinc
remedy. Sold by all Wk&l — J& S3 M
b^ro'u';-^,: iwS®tl$®i 9 S
book; telling all about , ; ¦- "¦'¦„; ... ¦ T^ -
this liniment, will be sent free. j|— f B _. m
Tke BnffleM Btslitor C&. Aflnti, 82. ff* ff^SGffSU
BRANCH OFFICES
OF TILE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND. ..:,
1118 Broadway. * "\
Telephone Main 1083. Hi
BERKELEY. Wf)
2148 Center Street. i *F
Telephone North 11* ''}?*¦
ALiAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alanieda 4598.In the"3elicate process of feeding infants"
Bordcn's Eagle Brand Condensed Milk is
anexcelled except by good mother's milk,
as Itils rendered perfectly sterile in the
process of preparation. Lay in a supply
for all kinds of expeditions.. Avoid un
known brands. •
For Safety
Miss Ida Klose, a house^servarit em
ployed in the residence I of * Capitalist
Daniel Meyer. 1827 California street,
was suffocated 'last Wednesday- night
by illuminating gas escaping from \ a
partly opened burner, in her room. r The
chain of the gas fixture .was defectiver
Miss Klose. was a native of Germany:
27 years old.
Miss Ida Klosc Suffocated.
The suit of Richard R. Lowe, the
Klondiker, to recover $150,000 worth
of mining property which he says his
wife, Virgie Graves Lowe, refuses to
give up. notwithstanding an agree
ment that she should only hold it in
trust for him. has been settled out of
court. Mrs. Lowe, who shortly after
the . riling of the suit commenced an
action for divorce, is to keep a sum
equal to almost one-half the value of
the property sued for.
Lowe Gives Up Fight.
In the evening the Occidental Board
held a delightful reception in the St.
Francis Hotel.
Dr. Lyman Abbott gave- an Interest
ing address and congratulated tht>
board on Its methods..
Miss Katherine Myers of Canton.
China, gave a powerful address on
missionary work.- • "
The afternoon's session was devoted
to the - following interesting pro
gramme:
Devotional service. Mm. F. A. Wales. Red
lands: Barstow Memorial School. . Mlsa Ames
teacher: vpung people's hour; In His Nam?
H-Fpital. Korea. Mrs. X. C. Goodwin; chart
talk. Miss Jennie Partrldjre: "Korea and the
War." MIm Grace Pinney; blcgraphy of- Miss
.Vella Wllcox, our latest missionary, bv Miss
Garriette: exercises by Chinese girls, director
Miss Pratt: Methods In Vogue Jn Immanuel
Church. Los Angele*. the banner C. E. society
f»r incn?a*» of rifts. Mrs. M. R. Robinson for
Mrs. James E. Bradbeer. and Work -With the
Juniors and Intermediates, Ills; Sarah M.
White.
An Installation prayer was delivered
by the Rev Guy W. Wadsworth. D. D..
of Los Angeles, and addresses were de
livered by Mrs. E. Y. Garrette on
"Evangelistic Work," and the follow
ing presbyterial presidents spoke of
the labors and results of the year in
their respective fields:
Mrs. Carl Johnson for Mrs. Samuel Minor,
Los Angeles; Mrs. John Gamble, Oakland:
Mrs. E. U. Wemsla, San Francisco: Mrs.
Ropers for Mrs. I.. H. Terry. Santa Barbara:
Mrs. Tboirps Day. Benlcta; Mra.~ Otven for
Mrs. L.. T. Hatfield, Sacramento: Mrs. J. W.
Dlnsmore. Ean Jose: Mrs. F. S. Holl»y for
Mrs. A. D. Olncy. Fresno; Mrs. F. A.' Walts.
Th<s thirty-first annual meeting of
the Woman's Occidental Board of For
eign Missions was continued yester
day at the Presbyterian Mission House,
S20 Sacramento street, Mrs. Cyrus S.
Wright, the president, in the chair.
The attendance from early morning
until evening showed the intense and
growing interest taken in the work of
the board and the remarkable results
of missionary labor.
The day's programme began with
devotional service, led by Mrs. F. S.
Holley of Stockton, and then followed
the election of officers, which resulted
as follows:*
Honorary president, Mrs. P. D. Brcwne;
pr»»!tient. Mrc. C. S. Wright: vie* presidents —
Mrs. J. C. Chown. Mrs. E. Y. Garrette. Mre.
I. M. Condlt. Mrs. Samuel Minor, Mrs. J. W.
Dinsniore, Mr*. A. D. Olney. Mrs. E. 1^ Wem
ple, Mrs. C/ T. Hatfield. Mrs. Thomas Day.
Mrs. L.. H. T«rry. Mr*. John Gamble. Mrs. E.
H. Avery. Mrs. E. V. Robbins, Mrs. W. H.
Thomas. Mrs. John Herapblll. Mrs. Thomas
Boyd, Mrs. W. S. Bartlette. Mrs. W. H. H.
Hamilton. Mr*. J. B. Stewart and Mrs. F. A.
Wales: recording secretary. Mrs. E. G. Frlsble;
genera! corresponding secretary. Mrs. L. A.
Kelley; State secretary. Mrs. D. W.. flors
hurgli: foreign corresponding secretary. Miss
Florence Latham: special object eecretary.-^Irs.
H. C. Morris; secretary of literature, MrW II.
B. Pinncy; Young People's Christian Endeavor
•ecr«tary. Miss Jennie Partridge; young peo
ple's necretary. Mrs. James S.Watklns; treas
urer, Mrs E. G. Dennlston; associate treasurer.
Mr*. H. L. Kin*; auditor. Charles E. Cor
nell.
Occidental Board's Annual
Reports Prove Civilizing
Influence in Lands Afa\*
WOMAN'S WORK
FOR HEATHEN
The A. L. Lundy Company, the
Sperry Flour Company \ and other
creditors filed a petition in the United
States District Court yesterday to have
John Foley, a merchant of Larkspur,
declared an insolvent debtor. They
allege that he owes debts amounting
to S1000 and that on April 6 he ad
mitted in writing his inability to pay
his debts and his willingness to be ad
judged a bankrupt.
William F. Garner of Palo Alto, oc
cupation not stated, filed a petition in
Insolvency, stating his known liabili
ties at $20,127. He has no assets. The
principal creditor Is Rosetta Fraser of
Palo Alto, who obtained a judgment
against Garner in the Superior Court
of Santa Claca on March 13, 1903, for
520.000 damages and $117 costs for
slander. The other known liability is
$10 for medical services. The un
known liability Is for the legal services
of W. H. H. Hart and his colleague,
W. Clarke. Lawyer Hart filed the pe
tition and certified the value of his
services as unknown.
Creditors Petition .Tudcc de Haven to
Declare John -Folev. Merchant of
Larkspur, an Insolvent.
GARNER QOES BANKRUPT
AGAINST A 'JUDGMENT
On account of the rapid gTowth of
the population in the park panhandle
s istrict the Posto53ce Department has
made arrangements for the improve
ment of the mail service in that part
>f the •irv. PostoSice Inspectors fn-
V'->«:i gated the complaints of residents
¦ 'id decided that the solution of the
problem of proper distribution of mail
*ould be the location of a postoffiee
.1) the district.
Through R. D. Cranston & Sons a
!*ase was negotiated for the lot on
iJ^e east side of Masonic avenue twen
i' -five feet south of Haight street, be
longing to Dr. Lee O. Rodgers, and
:5ie deal has jurt been ratified by the
PostoBtae Department at Washington.
Th*» owner has» made plans to erect a
n\ o-storj» building to accommodate
twenty carriers and to be ready for
niTupancy in July.
lothorftin Decide to Grant Request
of Re^idrnt* and Buildinjr Has
Bern Ix?a*ed.
m;\v postofiice for
the park district
April 13.
Miss Isabel Irving Will Open
the New Plavhouse on
The stage is said to be a model. It
is very spacious, and consists of a brick
building entirely separate from the the
ater. There are walls two feet thick
between the auditorium and the s-tage,
while the proscenium opening will be
protected by an asbestos curtain which
has been proven absolutely non-inflam
mable.
Every preventive appliance known to
fire departments has been supplied in
this house. In addition to the big stand
pipes connected with the city's fire
mains there are sets of automatic
sprinklers all over the stage, which
fuse at a very low degree of heat and
deluge all beneath with a shower of
water. One of these automatic sprink
lers fused only recently In a printing
establishment, when a barrel of ben
rlne exploded, and extinguished the
flames before the alarm could be turned
In. They ard regarded as the best ever
made. In addition to the sprinklers
there Is an automatic skylight over, the
greater part of the etage roof which
opens both automatically and from
many places on the stage as well.
The. new theater, which has been
built under the personal direction of
its manager. H. W. Bishop, who was
formerly manager of the Grand Opera
house and Is now the manager of Oak
land's fine new playhouse Ye Liberty,
will be absolutely Independent In pol
icy. Mr. Bishop has refused stead
fastly to ally himself with either of
the big theatrical syndicates; he will
book all his attractions himself, and
will make it a poJnt.ta.see that only
the very best enter this house. \
In addition to playing all of the at
tractions booked through the independ
ent movement In New York, Mr. Bishop
will have many others of the best com
panies In the country.. •
Following Miss Irving's- engagement
her manager. James K. Hackett, the
brilliant . young actor-manager, will
come to the house for a run of six'
weeks, making his first appearance in
this city in many years. Following
Mr. Hackett, James Neill will occupy
the house for the greater part of the
summer.
The gallery has two entrances. One
from the main stairway and another
from a sepur.-te entrance on Ninth
street. In addition to all these en
trances and exits, there are outside
stairways of ironwork, which run from
separate entrances on each floor separ
ately to the street. In other words
each floor has its own fire escape, di
rect to the street, without connection
with any other part of the house.
The builders insist that the- fire es
capes could never be called into use.
for the house could not be set aflre, let
alone catch fire in ordinary ways. The
walls of the building are of brick and
stone. The plaster and stucco work is
fastened to lathing made of fine steel
wire; there is no wood used anywhere.
The stair -ays are of iron, or at least
the framework is. while the steps are
made from the new patent fireproof
cement called "petro-pulp." ; -">>«
The floors of the house are all made
of cement foundations, covered with
"petro pulp." The seats are fastened
directly to this, so that no wood is used
even on the floors of the house. The
boxes and railings of the theater are
either of metal or stucco work.
NEW STAGE A MODEL ONE.
BUILDING IS FIIIEPROOF.
The entrance to the first balcony is
from a mezzanine foyer, opening: on
three short flights of stairs, which run
into the very center of the first bal
cony. In addition to these methods of
entrance, there are -stairways on either
side of the balcony, opening on the
main stairway of the theater.
The entire house is absolutely fire
proof and not a stick of wood has been
used in the construction of the build-
Ing. The seating arrangements arc
said to -be the best of any showhouse
In the country and, in fact, nothing has
been left undone to make the new
palace of amusement comfortable and
convenient in every respect.
The Majestic Theater will be for
mally opened on April IS, when Miss
Isabel Irving will present Winston
Churchill's masterpiece. "The Crisis."
Everything points to a big demonstra
tion on that night and society will turn
cut In force to witness the initial per
formance In San Francisco's new high
class playhouse.
The Majestic has been In course of
construction for the last two years and
is pronounced by experts one of the
finest playhouses in the land. Its main
entrance will be on Market street.
ISAHEI, IRVING. THE TALEKTED
ACTKESS WHO WILL. OPEN THE
MAJESTIC THEATER.
There is a great to-do and a hurryins
of the politicians in Alameda, Contra
Costa and Solano 'counties,; -and, all be
cause there has come from Washington
complete verification of Th^ Call's ex
clusive story that Congressman Victor.
H. Metcalf is to- succeed' Postmaster
General Payne In the Cabinet of Presi
dent Roosevelt. Aspirants to succeed
Metcalf in Congress are, already in the
field. v '--:*:£."&£
Certain it is that Postmaster General
Payne i? a very sick man and vjil re
tire from the Cabinet as soon as he can
do so. Certain it Is that Congressman
Victor H. Metcalf Is I considered In
Washington as available Cabinet : ma
terial, and he almost became Secretary
of the Interior about a year ago. Cer
tain it is that President Hooseylittfhaa
had a desire for :i Paci3c" Coast man
among his advisers, and. Congressman
Metcalf stands well with the President.
Now comes the statement from some ;.f
Mr. . Metcalf s close friends that the
Congressman from Oakland will suc
ceed Payne. .
Up to this time there has not been a
candidate to announce himself for Con
gress against Mr. Metcalf; but the '.au
thority of the before mentioned inside
story was accepted so generally to
day that various possibilities began to
look to their guns. The three Stats
Senators from Alameda • County have
ambitions In that direction— G. R. Lu
kens, J. R. Know-land and F. W. Leav-
Itt. They seem to think that the chances
of Metcalf's entering the Cabinet are
so good .that, they , are J out looking
around so that they may be ready to
meet the emergency. Then, Senator
Charles - M.'. Belehaw of Contra Costa
and Lieutenant Governor Alden Anaer
son both feel themselves qualified to
fill Metcalf's shoes, and they are try
ing to learn how they can secure the
nomination, with ALameda County an
overwhelming majority In' the Congres
sional convention. '. ' .- ,
It Is • pointed out that such an
appointment .would be' an Ideal one
for Congressman Metcalf and for the
politicians of the State at large. It is
acknowledged that Congresman Met
calf has an ambition to enter the United
States 'Senate, the only point at issue
being whether he will be a candidate
next spring or four years from now,
when Senator Perkins' term expires.
Should he enter the Cabinet now he
would ha\ - e four years to serve. This
would make his candidacy just right at
the end of the present term of Senator
Perkins. It . would also clear the pres
ent Senatorial sky.
The insurance men present consti
tute the committee on fire and water
of the . Board of Fire Underwriters.
They are Charles D. Haven, who pre
sided; Rolla V. Watt, secretary of the
joint committee; Rudolph Herold Jr.
and Edward Brown.
Prominent insurance men of San [
! Francisco conferred yesterday after- ,
j noon with the Board of Fire Oommis- ,
I sioners and Assistant Chief Dougherty ;
j of the Fire Department. As a result it ;
] was decided to appoint a committee .
: to ascertain all the facts about the
] cost of a proposed salt water plant for
j the city, the committee to be empow- \
I ered to secure engineering skill from '
! the Board of Works. It was also de- '
I termined to bring before the Fire Com- j
; missioners at their next meeting a;
! plan for the extension of the fire Hm- ;
I its of the city by running a line 137Vi '
} feet north of the north side of Pine
I street and 137*4 feet west of Liarkin ,
' street: also to include in the fire Hm- j
: its the block bounded by Steuart, East!
j Folsom and Howard streets and the \
j block fronting on the east line of Pow- |
j ell, street, between Broadway and Pa- |
} cific street. Those present also put j
j themselves on record as favoring Chief '
! Sullivan's claim that no frame building-,
.'shall be erected in this city, either j
within or outside of the fire limits,
more than three stories in height. |
While the discussion over the salt |
water plant was going on nearly all !
those present took part. It was soon- 1
! apparent, as was acknowledged by the
speakers, that no one had yet secured (
j conclusive figures, either 'concerning
! the cost of construction of anypartic
j ular sort of i>lant or relating to the
j engineering features of the enterprise.
In view of this, it wa^s decided to fol
low Davy Crockett's motto and to first
be sure of being right before going
ahead. Commissioner Boyne promised
to interview the Board of Works at
once- about getting an engineer. The'
•next meeting of the Joint conference
between the insurance men and the
fire officials and department officials
will take place on the call of the chair.
Commissioner Boyne expressed the
opinion that the Olympic Salt Water
i Company could pump up enough water
j to reservoirs to be created on the
heights of Twin Peaks to serve" as a I
supply for the city in time of emer
gency. H. W. Westphal was present
| to tell about the capacity for pumping
salt water that Is possessed by the^
j Merchants' Ice and Cold Storage Com- i
! pany. All the members of the Board '
1 of Fire Commissioners were present j
and made suggestions. Assistant |
Chief Dougherty favored the plan pro- j
pog£d by Fire Chief Sullivan* for a j
great salt water storage plant on Twin j
Peaks. !
Charles J. "Walden. the absconding
accountant of the ;ute mill at San
Queniln. has been sued for divorce by
A. W. Wal(I<*n. He is charged with
dps*"rti«"Ti. the complaint, tvhieU xvas
fil^d yesterday, alleging that lie will
fully abandoned her more than a year
ago. They v.ere married in 1*35.
Wa!don was a convict when he was
first placed in charge of the accounts
of the prison jute mfiL He was serv
u:~ a Ferjtcnce r.f four years for forg
riy. At the expiration of his term he
was so familiar with the affairs of the
n.iil and the business of manufacturing
Jute bags that the prison directors re
tained him. giving him the appotnt
n.cnt of accountant. About three
> t ars ago it was discovered that Wal
ton had been doing crooked work, but
he disappeared before the directors
could Tiiace him under arrest. He is
row, according to Mr?. Walden's affi
davit, supposed to he in Mexico.
George Ryan, an employe of the tele
rhone company, yesterday filed an affi
davit in support of a motion to dis
solve an order restraining him from
drawing his salary pending the trial ot
the divorce suit brought agair.st him
by Anna M. Ryan. In the affidavit Is
Incorporated a letter written by his
v.ife in which she announces that she
v. ;7! no longer live with him.
'"¦¦•¦¦« of divorce were granted to
Mathilda Robertson from George Rob
rrts-on for desertion. Mabel C Tees
from Robert S. Tees for neglect. TV
rP8a F. Bradley from A. • M. Bradley
for neglect and intemperance an«I
farah McMillan from Angus McMillan
for neglect.
JSuits for divorce nn the ground of '
fcecertlon were filed by Helen Davie«
tsaiiist Albert Drvips and Rachel
Welsh against H. D. Welsh. Cruelty
is alleged In the suits of Catherine
O'Connor against Edward O'Connor, i
FJ.ira V. Murpliy against Christopher
I.. Murphy and Annie Parry against
T. O. H. Parry. Neglect is charged
in the complaints filed by Maria D.
Roberts against Henry M. Roberts ano" i
Louise Kallberla against Conrad Kall
brrla. !
Proposition for Extension
of the Limits 3Ieets With
a Favorable Reception.
Story Is Generally Believed
by Those in Touch With
Affairs in Washington
In Affidavit Filed by the
Plaintiff She States That
Her Husband Is in Mexico
DESERTION IS CHARGED
WILL HAVE ENGINEER
CANDIDATES PREPARING
Tiros of Ties Uniting Her to
3fan Who Took Funds of
Jute Mill at San Quentin
j Discuss With Officials of
City Plans for a Salt
Water FiwS Fighting Plant
Decided Kuinor Starts in
Oakland That ' Congress
man Will Enter Cabinet
INSURANCE MEN
IN CONFERENCE
WALDEN'S WIFE
SEEKS DIVORCE
METCALF MAY
SUCCEED PAYNE
MAJESTIC'S
CURTAIN TO
RISE SOON
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY. APRIL $,' 1904.
7
ADVEKTISEMENTS. .
§fHk is Always Good O
and our Patrons are
dcr for a suit. Come right-
away.
A. B. SMITH GO.
' 128-133 2UUS STREET,
; ¦¦"' Above. Powell. .
SAN FRANCISCO.
_^___
IWt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave lia gjjsslils 9mrj I >' 2 Arrlrt "
tomTnndacm fast af Mirkst > San Tranche*
Week : Sua- - THf^jS^^™ \Smo-: Wee?.
P*?*- **r* .«*«TS Days. .
«ihoi»8:ooa i2io» r nsiiia
•l:46r »:OO A ¦ V l:85r »:»«?
SilSrlO:Ot« W V »:»Or 5:5Or
____ 11:OOa. -^g WF «:5«p *tM».
ZI-Z}' 3: 15 H : : »:«Wf|rZ-ZI
¦]:'%mmtd'wUt"^t»tt '¦-¦?¦¦¦? tt/mmiimimim* f
'neat I 636 Mauct Sr^fNorta Saor* KaunaaSE*
' WKM I aad Saskauto FstaaT. Foot laarkst Sc
CALIFORNIA ' I
LIMITED TO CHIC ACO I
LEAVES DAILY I
at 0:30 a. m., throng-h la rj days I
with dlaer and all trappings. a
¦ Other Santa r o Tralni :
7:30 a. ra.l fo ' r Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfleld.
8:00 p." rn! j Merced.! Hanford and Vtealla.
4 :00 p.' m. for, Stockton. V
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City." Grand Canyon and
¦v V,- ¦ Chicago.,; . ¦: '¦- "• 7 -!.:/**'¦
TICKET OrriCES— €41 Market St. aaa
rerry Depot; S..r.Al«o. 1112' Broad-
w'ay. f Oaklaad. Cal. 37 South rinrt St..
¦- Saa^Joaa.
RAILWAY XRAVEL. S
I f su*M<T ~1*| Trains laavs sod sr«
I M boot* » s*iAjrr»w) «C I
I . t > y T^ I • l~ duBtoarrliast
yS>V^^Xy SAV rBAsrcisco.
\^ *• \^\S (1I»:d Line. Terry Depo\
' *^»^. Foot of Market street t
la*T» - r»o» ri»im«T H. 1MM. - *»cit»
~ 7410*. Vaearille. \TlaV«n>. Kumwj. 7S0p
7 00* Bentcla. S'll'nn, El;u!r» »n1 S»cra- !*•
'- meatu ...... - 7-ZOf
740* Vallejo. Napa. Catlatesa. 8aaU
I'.ota. Martinet. S*n Kamoa 6 20f
740* Klles. Lt»ermore. Trsey, Latiro^
¦ 8tock:on 7.20?
MD* Shasta, Express— (Via Dar!»>.
• WtlKamt (for Bartlrtt Springs).
Willows, trnito. Ked UluZ.
Pcrtland. Ticoms. Seattle 7.58*
•40* Darli. Woodland. Koiebta LandLnj.
Marj»THl«. Oro»IUe 7.50» .
140a Port Costa. Martinez. Aatioca.
, Byroa, Tracy. Stockton. \ew-
mail, Loa Baaos. Ueadots,
Armoaa. Haaford. Vlsalla.
Port«rTllle 4.28f
tJtO*. Port Costa. Mart!a«z. Tracy. Lath-'
rop. Modesto. Merced. Fresau.
Oostien Jacctlon. Han ford.
Vtsalla. Dakersaeld 4 53?
(40a Klles. Sao Jose. Uvennore. Stock-
ton. (tMIlton). loae. Sacramento,
Ptaeernile. Msrysrllle. Calc*.
Red Blaff... «-20r
t.30* Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestova. 80- .
• aora, TaolamBe and Angel* ..... 4 20'
fl.00* AtlintlcExpreaa— Offden sad £.aat. 11.20*
• 30* Richmond, kfartlaez and TTay
Statrons .!60r
10 00* The Orerlaad Limited — Of den.
Denver. Omaha, Chicago. 6 20-
10.00a Vallejo- 12-20*
10.00> Los Anireles Passenger — Port
- Costa. Martinez. Byron. Trscy,
Zjitbrop. Stockton. Merced,
* ' Raymoad. Fresno. Ooihen J unc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore. Vlaalls.
• BekersflMd. Los Angeles 7-20-
1100k Hsjward, Klles and Way SUtlons. 3.20P
ti-OOr facramentoRlTer Steamers 111.03?
3 JOr Benlda, TTlnrers. Sscrameato.
Woodland. Kntghts Landtor. '
MarysTllje. OroTllIe and way
sutlons 10-50*
330p Haywar<l.NriesandWay Station!.. 7-SOr
3 30p Pert Coata. Martinez. Byron.
Tracy. La throp, Modesto,
Merced. Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa. 12 20»
5.30j> 5:arttnex.Tracy, Stockton. Lodl... 10-20*
" 4 C0> Mtrtlaez.SonH.imon.ValleJo.Napa,
Callitosa. Santa, nosa ¦ ... 9 20*
4 00r Sllei. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.20p
430r Hayward. Tttles. Irrlnjton. BaaJ tB.SO*
Jose. Ltvermore t til. 50*
6 00p Tbe Owl Limited— Newman. Lo*
Banos. Mendota. Fresno. Tnlsra.
Bakertfleld. Los Angeles.
Soldea State Limited Sleeper.
Oakland to Los Angeles, (or CM-
-— _csgo.TtaC. R. I. &P. f.... »S0»
B.COr Port Coat*. Tracy. Stockton....... 12 20*
to 30p Hayward. Xlles and San Jose ..... 7.20*
6.00p Hayward. Xlles aod San Jose. 9. si*
B.OOr Eastern Express— Og%p. Dearer.
Oman*. St. Louis, cnleago anl
Eaau Port Costs, Bentcla, Sut-
snn. Elmlra, Darti, Sacramento,
Rocklln. Anbarn. Colfax,
Trnckee. Boca. Reno. Wads-
worth, winneaacca 5 2t»
¦ .00p Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.. .. I ¦. ,„.
7-COr Vallejo. Sunday oaly f 763F
7-COp Ulcbmoad. ean Pablo. Port Costa. /
. MarUnez and Way Stations 11.20a
t-OSr. Oregon & California Express— Sae-
/ rsmento. Marysrlile. Beddlag.
/ Portland. Pnget8oand and Ea«t. 8. 59*
0.10? Bay ward, NUea aad S an Jose {saa-
T dayonly).... . 11-89*
COAST LINE (.larmw Uasfej.
(Foot of Market Street.)
••16a Newark. Oeaterrllle. 6aa Jose.
Felton. Boulder Creek, Saata
Crni snd Way Statloaa S-55>
tZ.iir Newark. Centerrllle. 6aa Jose,
Hew Alraadea.Los Gato«.FeItoa,
Bonlder Creek. Santa Cras and
Principal Way Stations flOSS*-'
4.1lr Sswark. SaaJote, LoiGatoa ani) tJ.SS *
_. waystatloas ..):1O5S*
*9Z0r Boaters Trata. Satvrdsy only. Saa
Jose and Way Stations. Return-
Ing from Loa Gatos Sunday only. ?7 28*'
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAJTFKA» CISCO. Foot of Market St. ( SUp't
-tJ:15 »XQ 11:00 *.M. 100 3 CO BISp.m
7rasa OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — r8:00 tt-.m
tt:83 10:00 a.m. 12.00 2 00 4 00 p.m.
""COAST LINE <Brosd ««ai«L ,
y (Third and Townsend Streets.)
~ 0.10a San Jose and Way Stations.... 833r
7 00* San Joae aad War Sutlons ... &.39p
800* Sew Almaden (Tnet, Fr!d.. -»n!/J. 4.10P
4.00a The Coaster— Stops only Saa Jo**,
Ollroy (connection for Hoi lla-
ter). Pajaro. Caatrorin* (con-
section to and from Monterey
sad Pacific Grore). Salinas. Saa
Ardo. Paso Robles. Santa Mar-
garita. Ban Lais Oblspo. principal
statloas thence Surf (connection
for Lompoe). principal stations
thence Santa Barbara,San Ba«aa>
?entura, gangua. Loa Anjrelea... 19 4t»
8. CO* tan Jose, Tres r!ao«. C»pl:ola,
8sntaCros.PacM c G roTe.Sallaaa,
San Lais Oblspo and Principal
Wsjr lutlons «-10»
1040a Baa Jom and Way SUtlons. 1.20r
1140a Santa Clara, Saa Jose. Loe Gatos -
and Way Buttons ....^..._ 7_30p
148r San Joae and Way SUttena „ 8 3S»
m-UOr Del Monte Expreaa— Santa Clara,
Ean Jose. Del Monte. Monterey. -
Pacific Grove (coaaecu at Santa
* Clara for 9s,nta Cruz. Boolder
Creek snd Narrow Gauge Points)
•t Gtlroy for Holllster. Tres
Plnos. st CaatroTllle for Sallaas. 12-15* '
5-30r Trea Plnoa War Pasnenger 10 4t»
440r San Jose and War Sutlons ta C3»
tS 00i" eaa Jose. (tIa Saata Clara) Loe
Gatos. and Prlncipa: Way Star
Von* (except Snnda?) r9 00»
S» 20p 8anJoseandPrlnc!palWayStatlons 1340*
6 tOr faanset LlmJted.— Redwood. Saa
Joie.Gllroy.Sallnas.Pato Kobles.
Eaa Lais Obtspo. Ssats Barhsrs,
Los Angelet. Demtag. Kt P«so.
New Orleae*. New York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Sanu Crux
and st C««irovf!l« for FaclSo
Grore and Way Stations........ 7-10*
tf -16r 8asMateo.Beresfor<l.Betmoni.Saa
Csrloa. Redwood. Fair Oaka,
MealoPsrk. Palo Alto t94«*
|40> 6an Jose snd Way Sutlons... - 8 35*
8-OOr Palo Alto and Way Sutlons 10.11a
11407 South San Francisco, Millbrae, Bar- -
Itacame. Saa Mateo. Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto - 9.4*»
•11 .Mr Mayfleld. Mountain View. Suaaj-
Tale. Lawreace, Santa Clara ana
SanJote 1%4l»
A for Morning. P far Afteraoes*. ~"
tBaadsy excepted. t Eaaday osly
m Batarday only. . .
I Stops at all staUona on Soaday.
{Y~Osly tralas ttopplnr at Valencia 8».so»tas»a»l
ire»:IOA-*,7:»*.M,n:»*.M..J:3O».r_i:»|..n.M<»
t-.m wjl •
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAIXWAT COMPAITT. .
Tiburon Perry. Poot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN BATAEI..
WEJEK DATS— 7:30. 8:W). 11 :00 a. m.; 1U:J».
3:89 5:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trtn>
at l'l:3© p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
8UXDATS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. ra.; 1:30.
S:30 5:00. 6 :C0. 11:30 p. m. ~
SAN XArAEX. TO SAN PKANC1SCO.
WEEK UAYS— «:t». 7:M. 7;dO. U.Xt, 11;U
a ra.; 12:S0. 3:40 5:00. 5:20 p. ra.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m_
SUNDAYS — 8:00 0:40. 11:13 a. m.; l:t0.
S:«0. 4:55. S:C5.-6:23 p. in. - .
Leave I In Effect I ArrlTa
Ean Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. ISan Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- J Sun- I Week
Days. I days. 1 Uon. | days. | Days.
i "YT30a 8:00 a 0:10 a 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10^0 a>
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 n>
6:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p
7 :30 a ' ' t:10a 8:40 a
8:00a Novato. 10:4Oa 10:20a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petarama 6:06? 6:30 »
B:10p 3:3Op and 7:33p*
5:00 p Santa Rosa. .
7-30 a ~ . *-¦ |10:40 a 10:2O a
8:00 a Fulton. I 7:35 p «:20 9
8:80 p 3:30 p I . ' --- ; .
¦ ¦¦' ., • . I Windsor. ~ '•
7:30 a S:0Oa Healdsbury. - 10:40 a 10:20*
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle. 7:35 p 6:29 p-
Cloverdale. ,
7:30a 8:00a Uopland 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 3:30pi and Uklah. J:Mp 6:3)p
7:30aj S:00a| 'W1U1U. .¦ 1 7:35 Pi 8:20 p
7:30sl 8:00ral "¦-¦/-• 110:40 a!10:20»
3:30 pf 3:30 p| Gaeroevtlte. | 7:35 pj 6:20 p>
7:30 at 8:00 al Sonoma, t »:10a| 8:40*
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 9
7:30 al 8:00 ai 110:40 all0:20 a
. 3:30 p| 3:30 p|' Sebastapol. I 7:35 p{ 6:20 p :
. STAGES ' connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentin, .at ' Santa Rosa 'for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton fcr Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for:
the ' Geysers, Booncvtlis - and .Greenwood; at
Hepland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelsej vllle.- Carlsbad Splines." Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett' Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. - Btae Lake*. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. 'Poroo,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lierly'*.
Bucknell*. Sanhedrln lielghts. Kullvltle. Orr*«
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Conrptche, Camp
Stevens.* 1 Hopkins. Mendoclno City.. Fort Brag?.
West Point. ¦ Usal: at : WlUUs for . Fort BTagT.
Westport. Sherwood. Cabto. Covelo. -; Layton-
vllle Cummlcss. Bell's Springs. : Harris. ... Ol-
sen'a. D>-er. Garterville. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.. - ¦ • '-'¦• '
Saturday to Sunday roand-trlp tickets «!t-r»-
duced rates. '. . "
On ' Sunday - round-trip tickets U> all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.*
' Ticket ¦ offices. GO Market ¦ street. - Chroalcis
R.^RTA>V
Gen. Manager. ***&. Pass. Agt,yr"
H TO SAN RAFAEL,
ROSSVALLEY,
MILLyALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
- ?*» Sausallto Tarry.
'• Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart . from San Francsco Dally 7:00, S:O0t
9:W). 10:00, ll:0O a. m.. 12:20, 1:4.5. 3:15." 4:13,
5:15. 6:15. 7:00. 8:45.10:20, 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN FAFAEL TO SAN FKANCISCO
—Dally. 5:25, 6:35. 7:40, 8^5, 9:35, 11:05 a.
m..-UJ:20. 1 :45. . 2 :55. 3:45. 4:45. 5:45. 6:43.
6:45. 10:S0 o. m..&>«iaa»Bimai*Wi|Mii»Vii[i»Mr^HH,iiU
FROM • MILL VALLET TO SAN FBAX-
CISCO— Da.ly. S:45. 8:55, 7:52. 8:53. 9:55.
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:13. 4:05. 5:03. tf: 06.
7:03. 9:00. 10:33 'p.' m. .' :
' ; THROUGH » TRAIN'S.
8 :00 a. m daily— Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m.' week days (Saturday excepted)—
Tomales . and way ' stations. ,~ ¦
<.3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero " and way
stations. <'^<9nrtAsy*"WB0B«fsjg|najB>«<
Sundays only — 10 a.' m., ' Point Reyes and
way stations ¦-. - ' . ¦ ¦¦: ! .
• TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market et.
, FERRT— l}plon '. Depot, foot of Market tt-
fiffSliSiSi
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Skin Diseases
•I the snast stubborn and cbronic kind
¦re promptly relieved and eventually
cured by tbe use of
Hydrozone
•This powerful germicide is ab- j
'solutely harmless. It has cured I
cases pronounced incurable and
will cure you. By killing the
germs that cause skin diseases, it
allows Nature to restore a healthv
skin. Used and endorsed by lead-
ing: physicians everywhere for the
last 12 years. Booklet oa request. !
Sold %t leading <Jrc«;pists or trial
bottle sent prepaid on receipt of 25 cents.
61 O Prince St., New York.
ffl Ai Iff 1 * A ¦ cur rrw VACUUM DE-
|ifi £»7 fc\i VKL«»PKB and 1N-
I W fe taZL 1 « VIGOR-*. TOR is * cat-
¦ W ¦ BSBBsl B \Si oral restorer of lost
•'renrth ejjd viiror. It Is th* ONLY means
which *i:i expand ir<! develop the oTjr»n«. used
•rit^our leproved - Penect " Soluble Medicated
(Direct Medicsti.n)
rraron*. will qulckir care nnnstarat losses. 8tri«y
ture, prematqre decav. nro«tatlc *Srct1ons,
¦ari tor VARICOCELE our IM-
tffS\k PKOVni) DEVELOPER, com-
ll*."!* blued «rttb our new patented SCS-
PEXsonr «nd compressor,
j2f(«o'.d op ly br os), «ill out- even tbe
t*tj wont cases. Don't fall to Investigate tt>]s,
' ra Call or write for n»w (copyritbted) pro-
9- 1 tase'.y Illustrated 100-pace book < *'Healt!i,*'
5. fl for MEN ONT.Y. Beet eeenrely sealed
ii [i FRKE. Oar pbysldass are experienced
- JESLaod etrlctly rellcble sp»<-iallsri. Fees
vt-iVmodrratc Tre>tmest alven on 10 days'
srla: tea approval.
HEALTH APPLIANCE CO.,
6 O'Farrell Street. S. F.
frBIERCE'SI
Xjr FAVORITE
PRESCRIPTION
it FOR WEAK WOMEN. 1
0\ fill 4% Atsrr.unltlon. Bucllsx aod
Nil C»Ilk B Eporticx GocxJa. l^anrtet
rCl |U rtcck. Lcw?it j rices, bend
11(11 ¦¦ « tcr tataictue.
W W E C W# MiKUVE tc BARTER CO..
T3» Market «t. aad 621
K»-a.rny at.
IA/. T. HeSS.
Kctary Public aad Attorncy-at-^aw.
1 < i.:r. i'iocr. Room 1015 Claus Ij!Jj.
Telephone Main OSS.
residence. 1S02 McA'.listrr «.
Realdence Telephone 1'ape 5641.
Weak Men and .Women
SHOULD USE DA.M1ANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: clvca health aod
•tr«t t tt to aexual orcans. Dcpct. S3 Market. 1
Co to your Druggist TO-DAY—
Get one bottle of Paine's Celery
Compound— See how DIFFERENT
it will make y6u feel. ¦
| _ ' ¦ PAINF8 CELERY COMPOTOD.;
See H6\v Muph
E<sOiTsOv* ¦
Will Feel.
Try Just One Day of the Hearty, Bracing; Health That Thousands
Upon Thousands Are Getting From the Celebrated
Nerve Vitalizer and Tonic. f.
PAINE 5 CELERY
COMPOUND
"I wish I could tell every . woman in cured. The fame^of this celebrated
* the'latid' how much Paine's. Celery Com- Nerve Vitalizer and Blood Tonic has
pound will help them.' ' '^ ' * '" ; been spread to every city, township and
"I can never thank the friend enough farm in the nation— by the word-of-
who told me to try Paine's Celery Com- mouth recommendation of grateful pa-
pound. I had almost given up in de- t £%J£Tj£
spair. I was . so ' nervous, tired, and run cess based on such fame?
down. . I had no appetite, was consti-
pated and could not sleep. J * *£^ e ° every 'disease," blood* tron- v
"I got one bottle, and when I had • bla or pain to tbe TBtTE CAUSE. »
taken half of -it my bowels were regu- | j*££ ff^t'tSTpS'iSffif'Tfij
lar. my. appetite came back and I, com- i only tru« cure for blood Imparity orl
menced to sfeep well. Now when' I over- • stiff erlnsr Is tbe curs that CURES*
work and begin to get nervous and can- * THIi TRUE CAUSE— Weakness of*
not digest my food properly. I Just take ' tae IHHER Kerves." «
a few doses of Paine's Celery Compound j; [-£»£ ™™^ th ™^ n $_&:l
and am all right again. . .f - n mous Discoverer of Paine's Celery Com-»
*"It is the most wonderful restorer in • pound. I
the i world. Before I learned what 4 The blood and all the organ ¦ of J
Paine's Celery Compound would do* I ''Z^$& ' ffi*^^ m .&Jl **££**'¦
had tried all kinds of medicines and \:JS£HfcJ^$& m JS^ <£%]
nothing had helped me." — Mrs. Nellie .system the strength to MAKE all,
R. Baker, Springfield,. Vt., Oct. 10. 1903. t the orgrans work In health and har- #
-•' tmony. * ;
Paine's Celery Compound is best ad- J ' J&H WE 1.1, THIS SPKUrO. !
vertised by the men and women it has •«>»»> «»»»?»>»»»«»»««»»»?r A Unique Idea.
The/Dubllc schools of Chicago*" '.will
be organized Into' miniature national,
State and municipal f governments, If
plans under consideration by Superin
tendent Edwin G. '; Cooley are "carried
' Special Information supplied . dally to
business houses and public- men by tt»«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Csu
iXornia street, Telephone Alata 1042, *
Townsend's California Glare fruit!* *nd
choice candlea. In artistic fire-etched
boxes.' A nice present for Eastern friends.
715 Market street, above Call buildlnc •
The Panama Canal Commission has started for Y the
scene of its'labors. /The American people may congratu
late themselves, therefore, that one of the most gigantic
and; most beneficial undertakings of modern times is at
last- under way,; and will not be long delayed : before the
United States will have contributed another triumph 1 of
civilization. to the world ; • .
This week good eyeglasses, specs, 23c
60c 79 4th (front Key's Cel. Oys. House).*
Of late prices on the New York, stock market are, in
the language of the street, depressingly sluggish. The
whirlwind of irresponsible speculation raised by Daniel
J. : Sully should be. enough to produce a reacting, calm
that even ' the most desperate gamblers in* America ought
not to be able to disturb. The crash of the cotton king
reduced the edifice of chance to its foundation. "
f ./•'.. - ¦ ¦ ¦ '¦- •"'¦*¦ ¦¦- . .-.-¦. .-¦ . . . - ¦ ¦ ¦•*•',
*- Not satisfied with the distinction of being the only
member of the United States Senate ever convicted of
a felony. Senator Burton is taking the high flight of con^
tinued notoriety by an appeal to the highest Federal
courts. If guilty gold would only burn the palm as it
touched there are many men high in public. esteem. who
might doubtless learn a lesson from the stinging humilia
tion in which the Kansas legislator is overwhelmed.
AS a foreword to a volume, of the collected
speeches and Presidential messages of President
Roosevelt which an Eastern publishing company
now has on the presses. Senator Henry Cabot Lodge has
written an introduction which is a strong keynote -to
the spirit of the forthcoming book's contents. Senator
Lodge, while not depreciating the value of the volume
from a political point of view, urges the thought that in
these speeches one is to find the call to an exalted stand
ard of citizenship, irrespective of party affiliations and
the divisions of political! policies. He would have the
book read, not as a campaign screed, but in the right of
a true revelation of the character of " the man whose
thoughts it registers. ' ,
"That, which marks President Roosevelt's speeches be
yond anything else," says Lodge, "is their entire sin-'
cerity. What he' says is pre-eminently genuine, for all
hjs- utterances not only come straight from the heart,
but are set forth with. an energy and force of conviction
which are as apparent as they aje characteristic. He has
no secrets. _ The truth that is in him rises unchecked to
his lips. If he speaks at all he must perforce say what
he thinks and thus it comes to pass that men may^know
him as he is, a knowledge very important just now to
the people of the United States." Vv : : .>¦;
Senator Lodge" has hit upon the very essence of
worth in the speeches'and state writings of the" man who
cow ¦ holds the Presidential ' chair of * the -United • States/
ROOSEVELT'S SPEECHES AND STATE
PAPERS.
Information from Oregon indicates that life
for a few. months at least is to be made duly strenuous
for the land' grabbers that have been winning wealth by
ways that are dark and tricks that are vain. The Port
land Grand Jury intends. to issue sixteen new" indictments
against individuals already under suspicion.. The pro
priety of going back to the land depends materially ort
whose land "you are going back to. Uncle Sam is a
jealous land owner. * •
PRAYER CROSS— M. J. XL, City.
The Celtic cross In Golden Gate Park,
called the prayer cross, was donated, to
the City of San Francisco by the late
George W. Childs of Philadelphia, and
its purpose is made clear by the 'in
scription, thereon, which is: .W
A Memorial of the Services Held oa the
Shore of Drakes Bay,
About St. fcohn the Baptist's Day,
June 24. 1579.
By FrancU Fletcher.
Priest of the Church of Enirl&nd.
Chaplain of Sir Francis Drake, Chronicler of
. the Services.
On the base of the pedestal Is the
following:
Gift of
George W. Chllds.- Esq.,
Of Philadelphia.
There are no inscriptions on the
north and south sides of the cross, but
there are Maltese crosses on. the base
and the following Inscription on the
panels:
First Christian Service in the English Tonga*
On Our Coast.
First Use of the
Book of Common Prayer In Our Country-
One of the First Recorded Missionary Prayers
On Our Continent.
SOLI DEO SIT SEMPER GLORIA.
The cross Is one of the most notable
pieces of stone work in r the United
States. It stands upon 'a pedestal of
stone eighteen feet square and seven
feet in height. The height of the cross
is . fifty-seven feet, and* It • Is composed
of sixty-eight pieces, weighing In the
aggregate 600,000 pounds. The arms
are formed of eight pieces of ; stone,
weighing, 24,000 pounds each. The blue
sandstone, of .which it is built was
taken from a quarry In Colusa County.
One of our estimable Judges of the Superior Court
found occasion the other day to denounce the 'prevalence
of gambling in San~ Francisco and the ease with which
agencies for the corruption of youth thrive in this
community. Let us take courage. The racing season
is nearing its close and the evil will die v by; grace of- its
own act. v
One of the most interesting phases of
Russia's military activity in the pres
ent war with Japan Is the construction
of a railway across the frozen waters
of Lake Baikal for the purpose of
transporting troops, a railway upon
ice is not -a novelty in Russia. For
example, says the Pall Mall Gazette,
the return of winter and the freezing
of the Neva finds St. Petersburg pos
sessed of an ice railway, which fills the
place of , the suspended steamboat ser
vice, while the Volga at certain points
is crossed in similar fashion during the
winter months. An ice railway con
sists of somewhat lighter rails than
those used oh land and the rails are
pinned . to very long sleepers (twenty
feet being the length generally adopted)
in order that the weight may be dis
tributed over a wide surface. "A rough
estimate of the cost of laying this type
of railway. Is $176 per mile.
I However, the Neva, Volga and other
ice railways are only small "affairs in
regard to length, compared with that
which has just been opened for traffic
upon j the "unfathomable, waters" of
Lake Baikal. The latter starts from the
riverside station of Baranchikl, on the
Irkutsk shore, and terminates at the
Mlssovala station of the 'Trans-Baikal
section. . The steamer* route between
these points. , is forty miles long, but
the line makes a wide sweep in order
to avoid. the broken'surface of ice left
by the lea-breaking steamers and to al
low the line being used as an auxiliary
means of transit; when the steamers
begin running again; but. the Ice is still
of sufficient thickness to bear the rail
way. . -
Baikal Railroad.
To appreciate the force of sub
aqueous convulsions that produce tidal
waves it Is illuminating to remember
through what an enormous bulk of
water the energy is transmitted. The
Pacific Ocean covers 68,000,000 miles
and has a weight of water computed at I
948,000,000,000,000.000,000 tons; the I
Atlantic is spread over 30,000,000
miles and weighs 326,000,006,000,
000,000 tons. Atlantic waves of 600 feet
in length and between forty and fifty
feet in height have a velocity of fifty
to fifty-five feet per second. Who
. will be bold enough to figure out the
amount of energy exerted by an earth- j
quake which sends the whole abyss
of ocean into convulsions, drives the
storm waves high inland upon the '
West Indies and shifts the -balance of j
the remotest loch In Scotland? It
brings the problem nearer to mind,
perhaps, to reflect that a shock strong
enough to agitate all the seas and i
oceans would set in motion a body of
water which would cover the whole
globe to a depth of two miles— were
it not for the houses in between.
Also, It helps to know that to the 323,
800,000 cubic miles of water comprised
in the whole ocean all the storms and
deluges of the worst years contribute \
but 6500 cubic miles. — St. James Ga
zette.
The United States sloop of war Cum
berland, carrying twenty-four guns
and 370 men, was the first vessel to
Join issue with the Confederate iron
clad Merrimac In Hampton Roads,
March 8, 1862. In the battle, one of the
most notable in naval history, the Mer
rimac rammed the Cumberland, and as
the latter drifted in sinking condition
fired broadside after broadside at
close range until the decks of the
Union vessel were like a slaughter
pen.
And yet the men fought on. When
the lower batteries were flooded the
gunners ran to the upper batteries and
kept up the fight. To the demand of
the Merrimac to surender v the officer
in ' command answered, "Never. I
will sink alongside." and with flag
flying and guns firing the Cumberland
went down.
There was controversy as to who
made- this answer, as to who fought
the Cumberland, and Commander Wil
liam P. Randall. U. S. N.. retired, who
was on the vessel at the time, wrote
out his recollection of occurrences, on
condition that the paper should not be
published until after his death. Com
mander Randall died recently, and his'
version of who fought the Cumberland
has just been published. Of .the fight
Commander Randall says:
"Lieutenant George Upham Morris
was in command, but all hands fought
her, every man on board of her. The
ship was sinking when the Merrimac
hailed us to surender, and Morris,
turning to me, said: 'She's a slaugh
ter pen— a slaughter pen— but I can't
haul down the colors.' My reply was:
'Let her go with her colors fly
' Ing— she's sinking now.' Stepping to !
! the starboard gangway Morris an
swered the Merrlmac's hall In these
words: J No, damn you. I will never
surrender.' At this time the Cumber
land quarterdeck \vas r a fearful sight,
for It was red with 'blood, and the
•' dead outnumbered the living. All the
I guns fired to the last, but tHb last gun
¦ fired was the aft^r pivot gun."— t
' Chicaeo Inter Ocean,
DIVORCES — M. C. B., - GreendaW
Cal. If you desire to employ soms
one for that purpose you can obtain
from the office of the County Clerk
in San Francisco the title of each di
vorce proceeding commenced in that
city from December, 1903 to April 1,
1904, by individuals whose surnames
commence with the letter A and the
letter G. • A person seeking a divorce
must have resided in the place in
which it is sought to obtain the same
for a designated time, varying in the
different States of the American Union
from six months to five yeara. Notice
of application for divorce is published
in the San Francisco papers as the
actions are filed. ..;-.\.~-
A little joy that we may cast
Upon some fellow mortal's day,
And as the fleeting years go past,
A little truth to point the way;
To help a brother In the strife
A little cheer, heart-given, free.
And on the sordid things of life
A little of love,'s alchemy.
A little faith as we go through
The years that mark our little span;
A little tolerance to view
The motives of a fellow man;
A llttls courage in the light;
A little aim to do the best, '
To live for gentleness and right;
And, after all, a little rest.
— Sunset Magazine.
A little journey through the years;
A little laughter on the way
To vanquish paltry human fears;
A little love to light the day;
A little hope that in the din
Of life we play a noble part;
A little peace to dwell within
The silent chambers of the heart.
Trifles.
ALASKA— T. M. W., Stirling City.
Cal. Alaska is a part of the United
States. It was formerly Russian Amer
ica. By treaty of March 30. 1867, the
United States . bought Alaska, havlns
an area of 580,000 square miles, from
Russia, paying therefor $7,200,000. It
was organized as the District of Alaska
MARINE INSURANCE — J. R. B..
Vallejo, Cal. A person desiring to be
come thoroughly acquainted with the
business of marine insurance and the
technicalities of the business should
serve an apprenticeship in some office
that is specially engaged in that Innd
of insurance. ¦'.-* -•¦>: "
'Answers to Queries.
"Ninety-five per cent of all vocal
teachers are quacks," said an old
"musician. Few singers, would doubt the
assertion. Probably in no other kind of
work can a man who knows practic
ally nothing about a subject do so
quickly a lucrative amount of teach
ing. There are many common types:
the piano teacher who cannot get
enough pupils to make a living; the
broken down; old time singer, the der
elict of the concert halls who never
could sing himself, but who now
gives fifty or more lessons a week at
from three to five dollars each, and
many more. Their half hour lessons
may be said to consist one-third of
chat and gossip, one-third of scales
; and exercises, and one-third of the
singing of the pupil's favorite songs,
all interspersed with just enough
commendation and criticism to keep
the pupil's good opinion of both her
self and 1 her teacher. There are, teach
ers who make their pupils sing at a
brass-headed tack in the wall, and
there are others whose training: has
not only ruined voices but tempo
rarily harmed general health as well.
Over -against these ¦ charlatans of the
profession there are conscientious men
and women, who can detect faults in
a voice and know how to correct them,
who are a constant inspiration to the
student's musicianship and who work
carefully and enthusiastically for each
individual pupil.
It Is not easy to tell the. good teach
er from the quack, and you will find
bitter early experiences in many a
successful singer's career. — Leslie's
Monthly.
Hard on the Profession.
THE coming celebration at Modesto, to commem
orate the destruction of the bonds that so long
. : were a burden of debt will have for one of its
leading features a great set of games by the San
Joaquin Valley . Academic League. 'There will be other
features of interest, day and night r reworks, military
maneuvers, barbecue, speeches and songs, the participa
tion of Governor Pardee, a banquet, etc.; but where 'the
shouts will be the loudest and where the excitement
will be the most keen and where the largest \following
will be is dependent upon the boys and their field day.
• The Modesto Herald says that the' high schools of Fres
no, Sanger, Easton, Madera, Merced, Oakdale and Mo
desto will be represented" at the time 'of general rejoic
ing. The visiting delegations. from the high schools will
be attended by numbers of their elders — grown-up boys
and grown-up girls— their fathers and mothers, whose
pulses have : not grown too old to tingle when their
brave lads battle to victory or as valorously go down in
defeat when the glory of school and home are at stake.
The sagacious managers of the irrigation jubilee, at
Modesto have seen that the lads will draw a crowd, and
prizes have been offered, for which the 'several high
school teams will lustily compete. While the other
events at Modesto may receive more newspaper space in
the reports, business considerations commanding a
greater share of attention on an occasion that is dis
tinctively to celebrate a fiscal transaction, what is done
and what is said at the "field day" will be, longer re
membered by the boys who" see and participate than
will any other happening of the jubilee.
Room for the boy! It is well that his muscles should
be strengthened, that his pluck should be stimulated
and tried by competition, that he should learn to lose as
chivalrously as he wins. Room for the boy of the San
Joaquin Valley! An empire in extent is his heritage.' All
the energy that he now stores up, all the steadiness
that he now acquires in stress of emergency, will find
fitting use. Around him spread countless broad acres
that will be the home, some day, of millions. Its fruitful
soil and balmy atmosphere contain, hidden but not un
suspected, the basis of food supplies so varied that a
prince could ask for little that cannot in the great val
ley be' produced. The snowy mountain peaks that daily
present themselves majestically to his admiring gaze,
shimmering on his horizon, are rich with minerals so
vast in value that they are' literally said to have been
hardly scratched over. Their slopes are seamed with the
currents of mountain streams that give life to verdure,
in the summer months and contain power enough to
move all the wheels of industry for an empire.
Room for the San Joaquin Valley boy! ¦ The eyes of
fond mothers and of fond fathers are on the young
Olympian.. The State of California looks to him to.be
upright, self-respecting, energetic, loyal, fun-loving, a
good American, a good Californian, a firm believer in
the great valley in which he thrives. When the bugles
blare and the drums beat 'and the people cheer for their
emancipation from bonded indebtedness, still the com
mon thought, deeply cherished, is for the future of the
boy. In sports, the day will be his. In significance, it
has, no less immediate kiterest to him, as it is the future
arbiter of the destinies of the valley. Next to the San
Joaquin Valley girl he is the best and most cherished
product of all.
THE DAY OF THE BOY.
A writer in The Greenbag describes
a session of the United States Supreme
Court in this way: "As the hands of
the clock point to 12 the crier of the
Supreme Court of the United States
raps with his gavel, the murmur of
conversation ceases and attorneys,
court officials and visitors rise while
the crier sjovyiy announces: 'The hon
orable the Chief Justice and the, As
sociate Justices of the Supreme Court
of the United States.' Robed in black
silk gowns, they walk with slow and
dignified steps toward the bench, and
as the Chief Justice appears at the en
trance at the rear they slowly proceed
to their seats. As they do the crier
cries: 'Oyez! oyez! oyez! All persons
having business before the honorable
the Chief Justice and the Associate
Justices of the Supreme Court of the
United States are admonished to draw
near and give their attention, for the
court is now sitting. God save the
Government of the United- States and
this honorable court.' It is an impos
ing and inspiring spectacle, the mere
witness of which Increases the red
corpuscles of one's patriotism. No man
entering that domelike courtroom may
wear his overcoat. No member of its
bar may appear before it in a coat of
any color other than black. Such is
the dignity and impresslveness of that
tribunal that men to whom embar
rassment has long been a stranger evi
dence the renewal of ! their acquain
tance with it by a stammering speech,
a quickened breath, a nervous man
ner, when addressing the court."
The Pomp of the Law.
A local druggist who was made the victim of an an
cient trick of , thieves the 1 other day says he wants to
punish himself for his simplicity by refusing to prose
cute the offenders if they ever be caught. This worthy
gentleman should be persuaded that his interesting traits
of character must not be permitted to affect the right of
the rest of us to protect our property. Two thieves at
large are two too many.
"I wish to take Alaska. I am to
be citizen of that Territory and want
It for my own use.v
Another reads: "I wish to take to
Alaska, Cooks Inlet, Winchester rifle
for my own use and ammunition."
Under the law liquor and firearms
cannot be taken Into Alaska without a
permit from. the Collector at the port
of- departure. An application has to be
filed in the Custom-house by the per
son desiring the privilege. Some of
the applications on file in the Cus
tom-house' In this city are curiosities
for what they contain and what they
omit. One filed by-Yon Yonson reads:
Clarity.
Senator Frye's bill providing that all
military 'and naval supplies shipped
abroad shall be carried In American
bottoms does not meet with the ap
proval of the Naval General Board. It
The court which acquitted the com
manding oflicers of the Missouri and
1'linois of all blame for the collision
states that "the Missouri was an un
drilled ship, newly placed in commis
sion, introduced into a squadron of
evolution without previous experimen
tal work to determine her tactical di
ameters for varying helm angles, or
other tactical qualities." The court
rrred in this particular extenuation, as
records Bhovv. The Missouri made her
speed trial October 21, 1803, and at the
end of the trial made the usual tests
as to steering, stopping, backing and
other trials. The ship was put In com
mission December 1, 1903, and left the
United States for Guantanamo Febnj
ary 1. Up to the day of the collision
the officers had been over three and a
half months aboard the ship, a period
sufficient for every one to familiarize
himself with his particular duty. JfaV*
igation by book alone Is uncertain as
to results, but when prescribed orders
regarding accidents of the kind related
are Ignored or only partially complied
with It is luck rather than good eea
manehlp that eaves the ship from utter
destruction: ! *~^ "*"' :r fe^~*
The recent accident off Guantanamo
In which the battleships Missouri and
Illinois collided seriously damaging the
latter ship has been inquired Into by
a board of naval officers. The board
finds the accident due primarily to the
B'.eerlng gear of the Missouri breaking
down, and that the subsequent efforts
made by the commanding officers failed
to prevent the Missouri from ramming
the Illinois. Both captains are praised
and further proceedings are not recom
mended. Admiral Dewey and Secre
tary Moody approve of the board's
recommendations, but the President is
said to be desirous of convening a
court-martial in order to fix the re
sponsibility. The failure of the Mis
souri's steering gear Is the latest but
tot unusual occurrence of the kind.
The Illinois ran aground in the harbor
of Christianla, Norway. July 14, 1302,
because the steering gear broke down,
and similar defects have developed In
the Indiana and Massachusetts. All
these ships are fitted with a combined
steam and hand steering gear, but the
latter has either been found equally
useless or else proper expedition has
rot been exercised In utilizing the hand
steering gear when the steam gear be
came disabled.
The number of court-martials in the
British navy for 1901-02 was so small
as to make a very creditable showing.
The number tried was 321 out of a
total force of about 105,000, and of the
CIO offenses charged 500 were against
discipline. There were no cas*s of
murder, perjury or forgery, but there
were 101 cases of theft and embezzle
ment. One hundred and seventy-two
charges were made for striking or at
tempting to strike an officer, sixty-two
for behaving with contempt against an
officer and sixty-two for conduct pre
judicial to good order and naval dis
cipline. The corresponding figures for
court-martials and offenses in the
United States navy for 1901-02 have not
been published in detail, but the total
number of offenses was 660, with a
total force of less than 30.000. which in
creased to 1008 during 1902-03.
The work of raising the sunken sub- i
marine has been given to a Stockholm
salvage company, which has contracted
to place the boat in dock at Portsmouth
for $12,500. The first attempt failed, a
two and a half inch hawser snapping I
in the effort to cant the boat into an
upright position, and all depends upon
the state of the weather. In this con
nection it is curious to note that the j
wrecking company, with its usual fore
sight and enterprise, had put in at
Portsmouth a week before when it
heard of the maneuvers that were to
take place, so as to be ready if any
thing in their line turned up. As it
happened the cervices were wanted,
for the Admiralty has no salvage ap
pliances of its own, depending solely
upon private enterprises of that sort,
snd the contracts usually go to the
Swedish company or to a well-known
Italian wrecking concern. Another
curious coincidence is this, that the
diver who first went down to locate
the sunken submarine Is the same man
who two years ago went down twenty j
fcthoms In the North Sea to salvage
the destroyer Cobra. <
The British submarine boat run do\*n
and sunk by the steamer Berwick, Cas
tle on March IS was built by Vickers.
Sens & Maxim at Barrow-in-Furness.
She was one of the second group of ten
submarines, which embody considerable
improvements on the first ten boats
built er\ the Holland plans. The boat
was 100 feet in length and ten feet
beam, cigar shaped and had been sub
jected to more experiments than any of
the- rest, and her officers and crew were
thoroughly familiar with her workings.
Of the eleven lives lost one. Lieutenant
Loftus C. O. Mansergh, was the son of
the late Major Mansergh. and SI years
of age; Sub-L.ieutenant John P.
Churchill was the son of Rear Admiral
Churchill and 21 years old. The crow
consisted of two engine-room artificers,
two stokers, three petty oflicers and
two able seamen.
In the World's Navies.
out. Each elementary school will send
one representative to the national con
gress and each high school will send
several senatorsT-one. or two from each
year's class— to the higher branch of
the mock national government. All offi
cers of the different branches of the
government will be elected by the Aus
tralian ballot system and in every de
tail the machinery of the national gov
ernment will be copied. The little gov
ernment will be founded upon the prin
ciples of coeducation and equal suf
frage.
It is now announced that the experi
ments have been conducted largely
with the Idea of the early application
of the system to the railroad •onnect-
Ine Berlin with Hamburg, distant by
rail 176 miles from each other, and that
an early conversion of that line is by
no means Improbable. Somehow the
hundred - mile - an - hour train- looks
nearer than it did a few months ago,
and our spy-glass is still trained in
the direction of Germany. * .
We note with pleasure that our
space-devouring friends at Zossen have
not yet satiated their hunger for pace,
and touched the record the other day
for no less than 140 miles per hour,
says the Street Railway Journal. They
seem to be overcoming air pressure
rather eomfortabJy up to the present,
and w« have heard nothing about the
motors failing or the pressure caving
in the front end of the car.
Perhaps the doubting gentlemen who
figured on the motors burning out from
overload at 80 to 100 miles per hour will
now be convinced that higher speeds
are 5>oth possible and practicable. One
hundred and forty miles per hour is a
decidedly hot pace, but it will more
than likely be beaten before we go to
press. It has taken a good many years
to evolve the two-minute trotting
horse, but this year we have him in
triplicate, and just so it has been with
electric railroading. Once the records
began to break they fairly flew up, aifd
left only small fragments.
One hundred and forty miles per hour,
even if not outdone by a considerable
margin, still means that the hundred
mile-an-hour train is much nearer to
reality than It has ever been before.
That speed is quite feasible whenever
it is demanded, and it is, moreover,
quite high enough to meet all require
ments of humanity for some little time
to come. Its real importance lies, as
we have often remarked, in its appli
cation to long lines on which the saving
of time would be material. Cutting
down the running time to Flatbush or
Hackensack may defer the dyspepsia
of the commuter for another season or
two, but it is not commercially import
ant. It is cutting the time on long runs
that counts — reducing the time to
Washington to less than three hours,
and converting the trip to Chicago into
a mere night's run.
Scientific Notes.
THE conviction of Senator Burton of Kansas of the
crime of bribe taking, and his fine and sentence
to imprisonment, carrying deprivation of civil
rights, is an event deplorable in its effects upon him per
sonally and also in its public aspect. He claimed to be
merely acting as attorney for a company that by reason
of the character of its business was liable to exclusion
from the use of the .mails. The allegation against hirii
is that he appeared before the postal authorities to pro
cure the vacation of the exclusion order. In so doing, he
violated the Jaw which' obligates him as a member ..of
Congress. The law under, which he was , convicted has
enly recently been called to public attention by the in
dictment, prosecution and acquittal of Senator Dietrich
of Nebraska. . . '."*..
Formerly such acts as those charged against these
Senators were not unlawful, and were freely indulged
in by members of Congress. When the operations of
the Government were in much less volume than "now,
and when Federal legislation touched an infinitely less
number of private interests, a of Congress had
his status as attorney or agent unchanged by his elec
tion. There is in existence a letter from Daniel Web
ster, in which the divine Daniel offered for a percentage
to get through Congress a large claim against the Gov
ernment, while he was a Senator of the United States.
Such practices»were common in his time, and did not in
any way impair the moral standing of a member of Con
gress who indulged in them. When States or individuals
had claims against the Federal Government, Representa
tives and Senators acted as agents and attorneys for the
claimants and used their influence and position to get
bills passed making appropriations to pay their
clients.
The first change from this system appeared in 1861.
The Federal. Government was not prepared to make all
the immediate expenditure or use of its credit to carry
on the Civil War. In this emergency Congress. passed an
act authorizing States to spend money in enlisting, arm
ing and equipping troops, and pledging the Federal
Government to repay such outlays, upon submission of
proof, thereof, the money to be paid, in the^ case of each
State, "to the Governor or his authorized agents." This
lifted from members of Congress the burden and took
from them the reward of pressing such claims, and by
Federal law established a State agency for that purpose.
Under that law, these claims, the largest ever pre
sented against the United Stages, have been proved up
by the, agents of States, who received such compensa
tion by way of percentage therefor as the States agreed
to give. The New England States have just .collected
interest on that class of claims, their agent being Mr.
Fessenden, who has just collected his percentage fee of
25 per cent, amounting to a large sum. We believe
every State has made such collections except California,
which is still out of pocket about $3,000,000, though the
State agents long ago made the necessary proofs ac
ceptable to the War Department.
Following the principle of this law of i86r, in 1864
Congress passed an act making it a ; crime for a member
of Congress to have any interest in any claim, contract
or matter to which the Federal Government is a partv in
interest, involving money. This is the statute under
which Senator Burton has been convicted. It was also
the cause of the investigation of Congressman Littauer,
because gloves manufactured in his factory were sold to
the Government, and of the conviction of the Demo
cratic Congressman, from Brooklyn, who was more di
rectly involved in Government contracts.
It was the basis of the report of the Ppstofnce Depart
ment showing the number of members of Congress who
were involved in contracts for the lease of their prop
erty to the Government for postoffice purposes. In all
of this class of cases it was shown that the leases were
made before the lessors were elected to Congress, and
the interesting question was raised, whether a lease,
profitable to the Government, could be voided by elec
tion of the lessor to the House or Senate. This question
has not gone to the courts for decision, but the Depart
ment .of Justice construed it favorably to the Govern
ment's interest as lessee.
The cases arising under this statute are used as a
text for preachment upon the decadence of public
morals. But is it so? Does it not rather prove that the
statute of 1864 evidences a higher sensibility and a stand
a'rd of morals superior to the conditions that preceded
it? What Webster and numbers of his contemporaries
did or offered to do, with no sense of its immorality,
now is cause for penal sentence and loss of civil rights.
They did not recognize such acts as mala in se, wrong
in themselves and immoral. The statute ranked them
with the rrAala prohibita, wrong because prohibited, and
the public conscience has now come to- recognize them
as morally wrong. This means a better condition than
that which existed "in the brave days of old."
contends that such a law \vouid inter
fere with the prompt delivery of sup
plies for vessels on foreign stations
and, furthermore, • that it would add an
expense of about $800,000 a year to the
present cost of shipping coal under the
Navy Department. The board believes
a subsidy for development of
American shipping would serve better,
or J.hat payment of wages to a naval
reserve and naval militia serving on
American ships would largely defray
the expense of maintenance and would
not burden the army and navy with
the Increased cost of transportation pf
supplies.
He was listing heavily to port as he
wobbled up Third street on the night
of the Britt-Corbett fight." There was
nothing in his appearance to indicate
that he could purchase even standing
room at the rear entrance to Wood
ward's Pavilion, but he was full of
enthusiasm— and other things. He
halted at the corner of Mission street,
then he landed against the counter of
a cigar store Just as if he had been
looking for such a place. While in
his restful position he made use of a
few question?:
"Fight over?"
"No," said the cigar man. "They're
just about going on."
"What time is it?"
"Nine-thirty."
"Well.. I will! Shay, first thing I
know zhish liquor business will keep
me from seein' that fight."
And then he staggered away toward
the yelling crowds that stood before
the bulletin boards. There he saw the
Nearly Missed It.
The worth of the speeches is the worth of the man him
self. What : - Lodge only implies in his estimate of the
character of the speeches of President Roosevelt should
be accentuated by. iteration and reiteration,. and that is
the utter fearlessness of their tenor.; Roosevelt has
never hesitated to speak' his mind on the subject' of any
national question even though he may be certain that
his hearers are not in 'sympathy with his views and that
their expression may be impolitic from a politician's
viewpoint.- Some have found fault with the Chief Exec
utive upon this point and called his outspoken vigor the
temerity of youth and the lack of diplomatic finesse,
even those fearful ones have begun to see that
Roosevelt's word and Roosevelt's deed are one; that
practice follows preachment with as "undiplomatic" a
vigor. • . , .
This collection of Roosevelt's speeches and-state pa
pers has more significance than any biographical en
deavor or laudatory brochure. By it the American
voter may read and gather his own opinion of the fit
ness of the man now directing the state. These written
and spoken words of the President form an epitome of
the political history of the United States for the last
three years. »'</;:, ¦ . ' /
THE CASE OF SENATOR BURTON.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,: FRIDAY, APRIL: 8/ 1904;
THE SAN FH^NGISGQ GADL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ..... . . ... . Address All CommtmicationaT^ to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office : <jf|fli||=a> '.". Third and Market Streets, S. P.
4 -¦' • ¦ ¦ > ¦ • , ¦ . ¦;. . ; - -.-;¦¦, •--.--/ ¦ ' : '¦ .-•¦••¦ ' -
FRIDAY............ ..;....\...... ......................................:..:.......... APRIL 8, 1904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8I the greatest floral fetes ever held here.
The raid made on the realm of Flora
j during the past week was evidenced
by the wealth of flowers presented in
! the procession., These trophies had been
i worked into magnificent decorations
| for floats, carriages and automobiles.
j and proudly the ladies exhibited their
! work to the admiring multitudes that
lined the streets of the city. That the
! Woman's Club knows how to conduct
a floral show without the aid of man
was demonstrated, and to-night all
the visitors are declaring the event
v.as a grand success. Xo nicer day
could have been selected for a floral
fete. Besides the parade and entertain
ment furnished this afternoon, the
orchards for miles and miles around
San Jose are in full bloom, and these
flowering fruits were a show in them
selves.
Not only did San Jose give its own
people and the visitors a floral fete,
but 't wa3 practically a parade of the
best society. The most popular
matrons and the prettiest buds were
in line. The sole direction of the af
fair was in the hands of the Woman's
Club, and a young worrfan. Miss Dora
Farnswnrth. acted as grand marshal.
So confident were the women of con
ducting the parade successfully that
they did not «i\en Invite a squad of po
lice to head the procession.
Business was almost suspended. It
is estimated that there were nearly
10.000 visitors in the city to-day. A
few hundred of these have been here
fer the past few days awaiting the fes
tival, and the balance came this morn
ing. The early trains fn±m San Fran
cisco and Oakland and other bay
points brought large crowds, and from
all over Santa Clara County the people
turned out.
The Woman's Club entertained its
fruests at the handsome clubhouse of
the St, Claire Club, on Second and St.
James streets, opposite the St. James
Park. The club had turned Its home
over to the ladies, and the place had
been handsomely decorated. Here open
house was kept this afternoon and
.¦evening. Many prominent club women
cf San Francisco and other places
called.
CO3I.MITTEI2S OF WOMKX.
To-day's festival was under the direc
tion of the permanent home committee
of the San Jose Woman's Club, and
the proceeds from the affair will go
toward the erection of a clubhouse. The
committees were made up as follows:
; Mrs. Leonard Stocking, chairman: Mrs. E.
O Kmith, vice chairman; Mn. J. W. Davy,
Mcmanr; Mn. Hush Onter, treasurer; Mrs.
I E. 11. Guppy. Hra. R. Syer.
. Advisor}' — A. P. Murgotten. Dr. A. E. O«
borne. C. H. Geldert. Leroy Johneon. C. H.
Johnson; finance — Mrs. C. Pennoyer, Mis.
Henry D. Mathews, Mrs. W. L. Woodrow,
Mrs. W. Houcher. Mrs. E. Chambers- on au
toreobtles—Mr*. F. H. Bangs, Miss Esther
Macomber: artillery. Miss M&comber; Colum
bian Park Boys' Club, Mrs. F. H. Bang*;
chairman committee on clubs and organization*
in tiarade. Mrs. W. C. Kennedy. Mrs. W. B.
Hill; chairman children's section. Mrs. J. W.
Davy; press and publication, Mrs. Paul Shoup
ladles' light vehicles In parade, Mrs. F. S.
UranR-cr, Mrs. J. H. Campbell; bicycles, Mrs.
Kathcrinf Bintrham; battle of flowers, Mrs.
HuKh Center. Mrs. II. D. Mathews: "rin«
spearing" oonteet, Mrs. M. Phillips. Mrs. W.
L. Woodrow: baseball contest. Mrs. L. K.
Petn-e; music. Mrs. Paul Sboup; exhibit of
flne horres. Mrs. F. F. Grander; advance uf
eprinsr In parade. Mir. Hugh Center; knignts
of the orchard, Mrs. A. K. Osborne, Mrs. D.
I>. Brooks. Mrs. M. A. Kelley; tribunes, Mrs.'
W. H. Hill. Mrs. W. C. Kennedy: official pro
frramme aDd printing, Mrs. A. P. Murgotten;
press work for country districts. Mrs. F. L.
FoFter; concefssionp, Mrs. M. A. Williams.
The officers and directors of the Wo
man's Club are: President, Mrs. W.
C. Kennedy: vice president. Mrs. A. E.
Osborne; treasurer. Mrs. H. S. Foote;
corresponding secretary, Mrs. W. B. j
Hill: recording secretary, Mrs. J. W. '
Davy; directors — Mrs. Paul Shoup, Mrs.
F. H. Bangs. Mrs. Charles Fleming and
Mrs. E. H. Guppy. The special recep
tion committee Included Mrs. Charles
N. MacLouth. Mrs. M. Phillips, Mrs.
A. P. Murgotten, Mrs. Henry D. Math
ews, Mrs. C. Pennoyer and Mrs. Hugh
Center.
The Young Women's Club, an auxil-
Tills Year.
Yosemite Waterfalls Will Be Grand
DEEP SNOWS.
Reports from Yosemite Valley are that
deep snows have fallen in the high 81
erra. The waterfalls will be wonderful
when travel begins about May first. The
Santa Fe Is already receiving requests
for reservations in the early stages from
Merced.
If interested, Inquire at 611 Market
ctreet, San Francisco. ...... •
Singleton were together in a prettily
decorated phaeton. A carriage deco
rated with white roses and smilax
contained Mrs. E. M. Rosenthal and a
party of friends. The Young Women's
Club, an auxiliary of the Woman's
Club, had a four-in-hand covered with
marigolds. The young ladies were
dressed in white and the turnout was
much admired along the streets. Mr.
and Mrs. Frank Moon had their rig
covered wijh red and white roses, and
Lester Tarleton had a carriage with
orange branches and the bright yel
low fruit around : the top and • sides.
White roses and smilax were the deco
rations our a buggy 'occupied by J. E.
Fisher. Vendome Parlor of the Native
Daughters were in a four-horse car-'
rlage, with roses and lilies as decora-'
tions. Mrs. Frank Burke's j turnout
was decorated with pear blossoms and
Mmes. Granger and J. H. Campbell
had a trap covered with red geran
iums. Mr. and Mrs. E. Coppock were
in a stylish rig that was hidden be
neath calla lilies. .
A. C. Banta was marshal of the
sixth division. His aids were Lydia M.
Bell and E. Salas. Mystic Lodge of
Good Templars were on bicycles and
a large number of wheelmen followed.
Automobiles made up the seventh di
vision, which contained the finest dis
plays in the line. The marshal was Wil
bur Edwards, with Glen Lumbard as
aid. C. H. Letcher had his machine cov
ered with pink and white roses on a
background of green vines. Sunflow
ers were the decorations used by Dr.
XKWARK. Ohio. April 7.— The rtee! shop*
Tnnuntimr-rootn an<1 offl<-«« of the Wehrl* Stove
Work* were burned to-day. Ixmm SIUU.OOO.
The fifth division was headed by the
Santa Clara College band. H. D. Mel
vin was marshal and Sewell Hatcher
and E; S. Smith aids. This part of the
parade contained the decorated car
riages.' Miss Arrick and a friend: had
a white phaeton decorated with calla
lilies. Mrs. Leet was in a stylish turn
out covered with poppies and smilax.
Miss Mabel Lyrme, ! the Misses Jessie
and Louise McGraw and Miss Hazel
. At the head of the fourth division
rode A. P. Murgotten as marshal, with
Miss Ida Rogers as aid.. This division
was made up of the band, drum and
bugle corps and the drill and hospital
crops of the Columbian Park Boys*
Club of San Francisco. The organizer,
Major Peixotto, was with the lads
and they made a flne impression with
their marching. Then came the chil
dren-classic floats — "Alice in Wonder
land," "Boy Blue and Bo-Peep,"
"Black Beauty," "Brownies," "Cin
derella," "Land of Nod," "Peter
Pumpkin Eater," "Robinson Crusoe,"
"Sing a Song of Sixpence," "Old King
Cole," "Sunbonnet Babies," "Little
Miss Muffltt," "Water Babies" and
"Wise Men." They were all true to
the characters and handsomely deco-"
rated with vines and flowers. These
floats were under the direction of
Mmes. Holbrook, Black, Van Syckle,
Tlandall, Laughlin. Frank,. Weinberg,
Freeman, . Holt, Stark, Coe, Nelson,
Angevine, Hughes and Petree.
The Santa Clara band headed the
third division. Henry Lion was mar
shal and his aids were John G. Lei
bert and Leo Archer. The two parties
of knights that participated in the
battle of flowers came next. Those
representing San Jose had their horses
decorated with yellow flowers and
vines and carried spears covered .with
the same colors. They were Edwin
Wilcox v E. S. Smith. Leo Archer.
Charles Colombet, Henry Lion, Nor
man Kooser, Ed. Clayton, Dr. P. H.
Browning, Bert Hocking and Frank
Martin. The Santa Clara knights and
their horses had pink and' green decor
ations. In this party were John G.
Leibert, M. Shafer, William Shadburn,
Louis Olivaris, Alfred Rispaud, Jack
Keating, James Maher, William Beas
ly, Fred Huher and Ira G. Bogan.
Valhalla Circle, Women of Wood
craft, marched in white suits and some
small girls as fairies drew a miniature
float. A four-horse carriage carried
the Ladies of the Maccabees. The rig
was decorated with vines and white
roses and the horses had pretty trap
pings. A float bearing a number of
children and decorated with mustard
and poppies was styled the "Pioneer
Blossoms" and behind it came a num
ber of pioneers in carriages. San Jose
Parlor of the- Native Daughters had
a fine turnout. The horses and rig
were decorated with ivy and popples.
The Evergreen Improvement Club was
represented by a decorated carriage.
A float representing "Music" was fur
nished by the San Jose Oratorio So
ciety. Pepper branches and orchard
blossoms were the decorations and a
number of lyres were' made of smilax
and flowers, about which were seated
a number of pretty girls. The San
Jose Business College had a number
of young ladies at work on typewriters.
Smilax and white roses were used on
the carriage and the horses had on
blankets of roses. The First. Second,
Third and Fourth Ward Improvement
Clubs of this city and the Sempervirens
and Farmers' clubs of this city fol
lowed.
CHILDREN ON FLOATS.
At 11 o'clock the grand floral pageant
started. The streets along the 'line of
march were thronged with people, and
as the floats, decorated carriages and
automobiles passed they were cheered
by the admirers. Miss Dora Farns
worth, the grand marshal, rode at the
head of the column on a black horse.
Her decorations were red. Her chief
of staff was Colonel A. K. Whitton,
C. H. Geldert and T. Anthony Mills.
Twelve young ladies on horseback fol
lowed, representing the > advance of
spring. Each of the horses carried a
beautiful floral wreath around its neck.
The riders were Misses Wade, Bland,
Gerichs, Madsen, Bray, Tierce, Green
inger, Lemmon, Hartman and Hickman
and Mesdames Freeman and Farns
worth. The Fifth Regiment Band es
corted a battery of the Third United
States Artillery from San Francisco.
The second division was marshaled
by Walter Chrisman, with Ed Younger
and E. Y. T. Georges as aids. The San
Jose Band followed, and the San Jose
Grange float headed a cavalcade of
horsemen known as the "Knights of
the Orchard." On the float were a num
ber of young ladies, with one presid
ing as Ceres. Tho float was decorated
with poppies and fruit blossoms. Car
riages bearing the city officials came
next.
iary of the Woman's Club, has greatly
aided the blossom festival in the gath
ering of flowers and decorating. Miss
Genevieve Chambers is president of the
Young Women's Club. Among the
prominent workers are Miss Rita Dins
mc-re. Miss Jeanette Noble and the
Migses Florence and Edna Latta.
V PAGEANT Y)F FLOWERS.
VALLEJO, April 7. — A fire this after
noon on the Oore ranch, two miles, cast
of town, destroyed the residence and
<-uu?ed a loss that exceeds $2000. In
purance covers about two-thirds of the
loss.
Fire IVstroys Ilaneh Residence.
BELLES OF THE GARDEN CITY WHO
WERE PROMINENT IN THE PARADE AT
WOMAN'S CLUB BLOSSOM FESTIVAL.
" YOUNTVIL.LE, April 7.— The Veter
ans' Home was the scene of a most en
joyable . entertainment this evening.
The Bacons were there and were sim
ply irresistible in their splendid ren
dition of the two bright sketches, "Go
ing Home" and "Easy Liar."
* * .i
Benepe on his machine. Three large !
butterflies were suspended in front of it
and appeared to be flying along with it.
Dr. and Mrs. Bangs had their machine
covered with yellow roses, and it was
one of the prettiest in line. Mr. and
Mrs. J. R. Welch had chosen violets
and smilax and their display was great
ly admired; purple wistaria was used
by George Anderson in his display; W.
A. Johnston presented poppies and K.
W. Allen lilies and smilax. There were
a dozen other autos and they were all
richly decorated.
The prize for the most artistic float in
the parade was awarded to the Ban |
Jose Society. Mrs. W. J. Leet i
received the award for the most beau
tifully decorated light vehicle and Mrs.
Frank Moon for the second best decor
ated light vehicle. The prize for the
best decorated automobile went to
George Anderson. *
About 5000 people gathered at. Agri
cultural Park this afternoon to wit
ness the varied entertainment ' there.
As the pageant entered the park there
was a shower of roses while passing
tribunes of the women's clubs of the .
county. The Columbian Park . Boys' J
Club of San Francisco opened the exer
cises with music by its band and drum I
and bugle corps and a drill by its drill
corps. Then came the flower battle be
tween the. knights of Santa Clara and
the knights of San Jose. The men rode
out on horses and with flower-bedecked
spears tried to wrest each other's weap
ons from them. It was an interesting
and pretty contest. San Jose won by a
score of 6 to 3. Frank Martin, whose
riding was the best, was crowned
knight of the orchard.
' There were ten competitors in the ;
ring-spearing contest — C. H. Geldert, E. ;
T. Georges, A. Mills, T. G. McKlernan, !
S. Hatcher, Mr. Broderick, N. Kooser, |
Mr. Smith and K. E. Younger. McKler- i
nan &nd Geldert tied on eleven rings.
The men tied again on two rings, but;
in the third McKiernan won. Miss:
Farnsworth, who was marshal of the
parade, gave an exhibition of riding, i
Owing to no ground being available .the'
battery of the Third Artillery did not
give a drill. They, however, rode up
and down in front of the grand stand.
In the baseball game Mayer Brothers
defeated Santa Clara College by the
score of 6 to 2.
Entertainment for the Veterans.
OROY1LLE. April 7.— Thomas Payne,
foreman for the Indiana Dredging
Company, which is operating in the
Orovtlle dredging field, was instantly
killed at the company's pumping sta
tion a short distance below Oroville
this morning. Payne endeavored to
connect a belt with the electric motor
u&ed to drive the pump and in doing
ko his hand was caught. He was
thrown Violently and his head struck
upon some sharp projecting point in
:h«» machinery. He came to Oroville
from Portland, Or., several years ago.
\Vhilr Connecting a licit on Machinery
I'ornier Oreconlan Dies in
Dredger Field.
TOREMAX MET7TS DEATH
AT AX KLECTIUO 3IOTOR
NAPA. April 7.-£-While feeding stock
on the dairy ranch of Antone Marti
nelli yesterday morning, an employe
was attacked and severely wounded by
an angry boar and but lor the timely
assistance of Martinelll would prob
ably have been killed..
The employe had gone into the cor
ral as usual for the purpose of feeding
the hogs. While there a small pit?
happened to get pinched by the hogs
and squealed. The boar, an unusually
vicious animal, immediately made a
rush for the man and. striking him in
the leg Just back of the knee with his
tusk tore a gash about six inches long
and fully two and a half inches deep.
The man was knocked to the ground,
but before the boar could make anoth
er rush Martinelll. who had seen the
fracas, atjpeared and beat the animal
off with a club. ; ,
Dr. Taylor of Napa attended the
man. The injury is a bad one, the
gash going to the bone.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEVADA CITY, April 7.— WillJam
brown, an aged pioneer residing on
Park avenue, was murdered in his
beme last nigfrt. The brutal crime was
committed by thugs, presumably two,
who were in the act or robbing the
house when discovered by the old man
on his return from town about half
l-Kjsi S o'clock. They clubbed their vic
tim., who was a helpless cripple and
about 70 years cf age.
, When discovered at 11:30 o'clock
Brown was insensible and never re
covered consciousness. He died at 1:30
o'clock this morning. There is no clew
to the identity of the perpetrators of
the crime.
Crippled Man the Victim of
Slayers Who Disappeared
After the Brutal Attack
Tusk of a Vicious Animal
Tears Flesh of Man's
Leg in the Struggle
SAN JOSE, April 7.— Society with
flowers marched triumphantly through
the streets of San Jose this morning
and announced the opening of one of
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CRIME IS
A JIYSTEBY
RESCUER SWINGS A CLUB
Napa Dairy Laborer Suf
fers a Severe Injury While
Feeding Hogs in a Corral
Gorgeous Parade in
the! Garden
City.
Xevada City Resident Discov
ers Bobbers at Kis Home
and Is Beaton to Death
THUGS MURDER
AGED PIONEER
BOAR ATTACKS
A RANCH HAND
Festival of Blossoms
an Entrancing
uUvvvOOi
GARLANDED SOCIETY MARCHES
SAN JOSE'S RADIANT STREETS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; ••; APRIL : j8; 1904^
9
;//'Jj AMUSEMENTS.
Blind Tom;
4 Welsons; Omar anil Margina; James
H. Cnllen, nnd Orpheuin Motion
Pictures.
Iiast times of the 5 Movrats; Ma-
zus6 and Mazctte; Coakley and Mc-
Bride; Wesson. Walters and Wes-
son, and
LA BELLE GUERRERO,
I Presenting "La ttitana."
I Regular Matinees every Wednesday. Thurs-
i day. Saturday* and Sunday. Prices, 10c. 25c
and 60c.
CALIFORNIA
fa SCREAMS OF LAUGHTER. EgV
The farce that has made millions
McFADDEN'S I
...FLATS... I
Entire Original Company as seen for K
1200 nights in New York; 100 nights in S
Chicago. fl
Don't miss the "Yellow Kids," fun- I
nifst little fellows you have ever aeen. I
¦ BRING the CHILDREN' TO-MORROW, fl
\ : , . 1
LAST 3 TIMES— MAT. TO-MORROW.
'In *Sardou*s Comedy,
L> I V O R CONS
Preceded by *
A BIT OF OLD CHELSEA
Next Week— Mon.. Tues_ Wed., Thurs.
Sat. Mat., "A DOLL'S HOUSE." Friday,
"HEDDA GABLER." Seats now on sale.
TiyoLissss."
LAST PERFORMANCES OF
THE M Ft ' 'V!-
MERRIEST IwMfXf
Si PICKWICK
. NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
TUC A
nW An ¦ n SUPERB
BEGGAR AL
STUDENT MASTERPIECE
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES, 25c, 60c.- 75c.
Box and Mezzanine seats, > tl 00.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
TO-DAY, 2:15. .TO-ZaQKT, 8:15.
rOIiIiOW THE CROWDS.
THEY MUST BE RIGHT.
Playing: to More People than the Combined
.Amusement Enterprises of San Franciaco.
NORRIS & ROWE'S
NEW BIG SHOWS h
¦^¦:'J2 YESTEBDAT. , ..
A HEW > CIRCUS THROUGHOUT.
Admission — Adults 23c, children 15c. , Reserved
seats — Adults 50c. children 23c. .Box seats $1.
>," Seats on Sale at Mechanics' Pavilion. -
Racing !8lil|g> Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK-
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKKT. CLUB.
'Racing ''Each Week' Da-% "Rain or Shine, .
« Six or More Races Daily."
" Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.-'
For special trains stopping at the track tak«
S. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12:30.
1:00, 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking in last two i
cars, which ar» reserved for ladies and their '
escorts. ¦ < <¦; . ¦ • " : ¦ - - ' ¦. .>¦¦¦¦..
, , Returning ¦ trains 7 leave ' track at 4:10 and
4:45 and Immediately after the last race., . , ;
, . - THOMAS H. WILLIAMS,' President ;
; PERCY ¦, W. , TBE AT, Secretary. .
1TEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
IS OLDEN TZS3XS
People Wert Content to Take Thing-*
Easier Than ZTow.
If our forefathers couM bohold the
modern locomotives, automobiles and
electric cars, they would hold up their
hands in astonishment.
The stapo coach was fast enough then
¦ — people were more content to take
things easy.
They used to be satisfied with any Port
of a hair lotion that came along — if it
did not prevent baldness they thought it
was because baldness could not be pre-
vented.
It's different now. People know that
«rerm» cause baldness and that Newhro's
Herpicide kills the perm, thus curing
dandruff and preventing baldness.
Sold r«v leadinp druggists. Send 10c. in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co
Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infant? ar.d Children.
Hie Kind Yon Have Always Bought
Bears tie /J? S/S/?+-^
Sieaatare of <-^?*^7K /&&&/t£
Colds
La Grippe
i Catacrh
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by ail dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4. p. m.
When Danger Signals
your Jiver out of order, con-
stipation, or stomach not
working right, it's a sign of
distress which, unheeded, will
lead to trouble — it is time to
• take
Beecham's
Pills
Sold Everywhere. In boxes 10c and 25&
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New)ItOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE.
HEMODELED AND HEBCILT at expenso
of JiWi.om^— New Management— EXTlltELY
FIUEPKOOF.
IjOCATIUN — Very accessible to street car
line*, theater*, etc. ECItOJ'KAN PLAN.
i23 liOOMK with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Bfvera) private rooms in antique decorations,
Turkish Baths In Hotel.
UXSUnPAfcSED UESTAURANT. D« Etel-
cw, Cbef. formerly of Waldorf-Astoria and
Cn^f to lYince of Wales.
HOTEL. ORCHESTRA; Telephone Connec-
tions In every room; Ions distance connections
*taad« with any part of tbe coast.
Wire for n-Bfva tions, at our expense.
HOTEL BUTLER. Seattle. Wash.
PflJarP D0NT FAIL TO
ICUaWW , ee beautiful
% COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
ttUU PARLOR, the
r J PALM ROOM, the
Hf/Hid LOUIS XV PAR-
uiuiiu LOR^ asxd the jj^
U i I. DIES' WRITING
Hotels roonl
AMUSEMENTS.
THIS WEEK 'AND NEXT WEEK.
LAST TEN NIGHTS— TWO MATS.
The Season's Greatest Hit.
More Sons* to Whistle Than All Other Musical
Comedies Combined.
MAM'SELli NAPOLEON
ANNA HE1J5 WILL. PLAT StTNDAT NIOHT.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
April 18— THE FOUR COHANS.
AT r< A7 AD Belaseo & Mayer.
ALCAZ An zv%&.
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT — MATS. SAT. ASTD SUN.
"FUNNY AS CAN BE."— Bulletin.
Augustus Thomas' Merriest Comedy,
ON THEp
QUIET. • ™
mM ~^ m • U scene.-
William Collier's Greatest Success.
Evg., 2oc to 75c; Mats. Sat. & Sun., 25c to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— Bronson Howard's Com-
edy of Fashionable Life In San Francisco, New
York and London. *
ARISTOCRACY. ¦•¦
Market Street. Neai* Eighth. . .Phone South 533
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MOnnOW AND SUNDAY.
Mammoth Spectacular Production of
AROUND THE WORLD
m' EIGHTY DAYS™-
10O— PEOPLE IN THE CAST— 10O
Magnificent Scenery! Gorgeous Costumes!
Bothwell Browne's Brilliant Champapne Ballet!
pDlfP? Evenings '. 10c to BOc
rnlLC3 Matinees.. 10c. 15c. 25o
Next— IN "THE HANDS OF THE ENEMY.
"V E «i_ T EARNEST
EVERYBODY PRONOUNCES
| KISMET 1
The Best. Most Effervescent Musical Comedy
In America.
OUR "ALL-STAR" CAST.
And Come Hear the Great MUSIC.
See the Striking Stage Effects— Our Ever Alert
Chorus
,' And Ten Strenuoun Specialties.
RESERVED SEATS^NiRhts. 2Sc.. W)c. and
75c Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c. and;
50c. - Chlldrefo at Matinees. 10c. and 25c,
Clark's Comedy Dog Circus
And a Great Show Every Afternoon and
Evening: In the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MINIATURE ELECTRIC RAILROAD
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLIMES IX THE ZOOs.
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
Admission. 10c; Children, 5c..
When Phoning Ask for "The Chntea." .
MTSCEUtAyXOITS AMTTffElEENTS.
ALHAMBRA |
Schumann:H8ink I
LAST CONCERT |
To-Morrow Matines, 2:30 |
Seats $2.00 $1.50. $1.00— Box Offlw,H
' " Sherman. Clay & Co. _ • , ;• ||
BASEBALL
Oakland vs. Portland
AT , RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison sts.
Friday, 3:30 p. m. ;
Saturday,' S p. m. ¦
* Sunday, 2:30 p. m.
Ladles' Day To-Day. ]
Advance sale • oX seats at 5 StocMoa rt. I
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
lRnaBBBBBBE2BBBB»IHBBBBil»HHHKHBa»BHH
Mme. Schumann-Heink
- to
Steinway & Sons. : 4
Music— lovers who are hearing Mme.
Schumann-Heink during her stay here will no
doubt be interested in reading her verdict on the
Steinway piano/which is as follows:
"NEW YORK, December 24, 1902.
"Dear Sirs— With great :¦ pleasure and with , '
.the innermost conviction' I confess to you that !
the Steinway pianos are to m^ the most perfect .:
1: and 'beautiful ever created.
: "I rejoice in anticipation of the new Stein-
... way Grand, which I intend purchasing in due
time for my home in Germany.
, "ERNESTINE ; SCHUMANN-HEINK."
Sherman, Clay & Co.,
-" " / " . ; STEINWAY DEALERS ===========
Kearny and Sutter Sts., S. F.
!!»¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦!
20 MORE DAYS AT
PATTOSIEN'Sl
A nniUrr Record-breaking week of Fur-
n " Ul " Ci niture and Carpet selling.
The extraordinary price advantages af-
forded by this historic event cannot be
over-emphasized.
At such a time statements of facts
. sound like exaggerations. Careful shoppers
know the difference and are taking advan-
tage of the Great Retiring Sale.
THOUSANDS OF OPPORTUNITIES TO SAVE 30, 40 AND 50 PER GENT.
NOTE — All goods bought during this Sale must be
delivered before May 10.
PATTOSIEN CO.
• Corner Sixteenth and Mission.STOCKHOLM,' AprllT.— The Hyksdad to
day by a vote of 215 to If passed a bill, prom.
iBlnpan ad valorem durV> of > 15 per: cent on
elc-ctrical machinery.
.TREK A, April 7.— The Board of. SuDer
vtsora has let a contract for another hospital
building for $10,900 to a local contractor dV
W. - E. '. Tobbe^- of Montagrue and • Prfneinai
Beauxhan of • Dunsmulr School . were anDolntXi
members of the Board of Education. -
son 2 Schmeer. Gorton. Nordyke. Hogan. Sar
rlHce tilt — Hanntvan. First base on errors
San Francisco 2. Tacoma 1. First base on
celled balls— Off Whalen -2. off St. Vraln 3
Left on basos — San Francisco 6, Tacoma ' 4"
Struck out — By St.- Vraln >1. Double piay»_l
Sohmccr to Anderson to Massey; j Lynch to
Casey to - Nordyke WUd pitch— St. Vrain
Time of irame — One hours and 50 minutes r m '
plrt — OConneU. . . **"
First race— Soothsayer, Clansus, Sir
Dousral. .
'' Second race — Pefnry • O'Neil. Head
Dance, Albert Pir. y ¦-
. Third ; race— Allopath, Vasallo, Kipper.
rourth race— Albula, ' Celebrant, At-
WOO&. '"-.¦ ¦";
Fifth race — Ocyrohe. Hoceo, Scherzo.
¦¦' Sixth race— Solon, Colonel Van, : Tom
aiavln. ' ' ¦ "¦ ' -¦ . " >-¦•• ¦¦¦••:; ¦•• .-¦:<¦?¦¦:¦¦¦'
PROBABLE WINNERS.
Th^ Geary Street Railway Company
yesterday, (urne'd into the city treasury
$657 80, being 5 per cent of $13,155 92,
the receipts of the road during March.
Receipts of, Geary-Street Road.
Lynch Street May: Be Closed. v
City Attorney . Long^ advised the
Board of ; Supervisors , yesterday, that
neither, the city nor_ the public ; would
be. inconvenienced should Lynch street
so ;'called, jibe closed, -as petitioned for
by its alleged owners.": Long bases his
conclusion :' on Sthe ') fact i . that -Lynch
street, is "not a. thoroughfare.. but a cul
de sac, thirty-five feet in width: and but
eighty feet.: westerly, from King street
6568 Joe > John (I^ane) . '.'.'. . . . . '. ... '.". ....... J 08
656» Col.Van (Fountain). .........*..... ...106
C511 Past Master (McAlester).. .100
."Apprentice allowance.
Noted Billiardist Dies.
CHICAGO. April 7.— Henry Rhines,
the expert bllliardist, was found dead
in bed to-day. Death was, due to
rheumatism. , .
- W. t p. ' Chronister sued the United
Railroads in the 1 Justices' Court yes
terday to recover, the sum^ of $103 75.
alleged to be the balance due on'£a
claim for labor performed.
Sues United Railroads.
* OGDKN; Utah, April 1.^-3. j. Shep
herd has filed charges against ',' Mayor
William Glasmanh, . asking for'hia re
moval from office. Late yesterday aft
ernoon Shepherd* presented to Judsre
Hart of the District Court a petition
alleging reasons why the Mayor should
be impeached. The substance of the
petition -is that Mayor Glasmann in
his official capacity, has not taken cog
nizance of; many specific violations of
the laws of the: city. There
is .nothing, however, reflecting; on - the
personal .integrity ; of- the Mayor.
Asks for Removal of Official Because
of His Failure to Stop Violations
of Laws jof City.
CITIZEN* FILES -CHARGES
AGAINST OGDEN'S MAYOR
QUEBEC, April 7. — Louis Drolet of
SL Roche, who was knocked out in
the sixteenth round of his bout with
George Wagner, the champion soldier
boxer, last evening, died to-day. Wag
ner has been arrested.
Injured Boxer Dies.
Are War mine Up With the Weal her
nnd Are Strong at the
Bat.
FRESNO. April 7.— st Vraln was
easy to-day for San Francisco. The
Bay City men seem to warm up with
the weather and getting their batting
oyes. bunching thirteen hits Th£
fielding of Uncle Harris' men was
g-ood. while the playing of the Ta
£? m * mO " . WS^,? ot UD to the standard
hitherto set. -^he score: ««»«
Tucoma- I S« Francisco
."Wy.rb. 4 0 14 S'JVHrn.cf 3 1 V , o
ei-.fun.3b 4 111 1 Mlbrd.lf 4.1 \ V «
r.rdyk.lb 4 I 1 14 O lleany.rf S J , \ J
• Zapan.s. 2 0 1 O . 1 lrw«n.3b.' 4 0 1 i 4
l^-h.cfis 3 0 0 O -Sllwrvib 3 " i in A
Mclhn.tr 3 1 1 2. 0 Xnd*"n.2b 4 1 -3 | S
Hnnvn.rf 3 O © 1 «Schmer B . 4 o 1 o 7
• •mhm.c 4 O 1 3" l!3««ionc 4 0 1 I'o
SSSk-i 0 ? \ SiT^Jii-iiJJ
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
JSpn Francisco.... 0 © 0 Ji 0 0 1 1 1 ¦>
Base hits 0 0 © 4 1 1 23 «— is
Taccma. 2 1 A 0 0 O © o © "1
Base hit* :; 1 0 ft 0 I u 1 i_ 7
SUMMART.
Stolen' bare — Earan. . Errors — Whs lcn. Casey,
• t. Vriic :. Two-bast bits — Waldron, Aodcr*
UNCLE'S MEN TAKE A GAME.
KANSAS CITY, April 7. — Jack Sul
livan of Boston was given the decision
over Hugo Kelly of Chicago here to
night at the end of the twentieth
round- The fight, was fast. * In the
fifteenth round Sullivan landed a left
to the jaw and right to the stomach,
which came near ending the fight.
The bell saved Kelly.
Boxer Sullivan Outpoints Kelly.
The flremen , were called put late
Wednesday afternoon for a fire at the
residence of W. S. Mullins. saloon
keeper, 41 Joost avenue. The* blaze
had started in a corner of the base
ment and was extinguished without
doing much damage. The \ origin ¦ of
the fire was a mystery. Mrs. Mullins
told Policeman Archer'; that a week
previously she had discovered a fire
in a closet off the hallway, which
burned a hole through the floor into
the basement. She extinguished the
blaze. The - furniture /is insured for
$1000. Fire Marshal Towe will make
an investigation. / :
Mysterious Fire Occurs.
Sixth race, mile and forty yards— Briar
thorp won. Thornycroft eecond, Red Light
third. Time, l:4S4-5.
Fifth race, five and a half furlonga — Monte
Carlo won, Tocsan second. Alpaca third. Time
1:JO.
Third race, six furlongs— May Holllday won
Calgary second. Hilarity third. Time, 1:18 2-5.
Fourth race, five furlongs— Ascension won
El*ie L second. Fickle third. Time. 1:04 1-5
WASHINGTON. April 7.— Benningg reeulta:
First race, *even furlonge— Princelet won,
Nebuiban second, Rabunta third. Time, 1:33.
Second race, half a mile — Modred Law won
Flyback ««cond. Lily Brook third.: Time,
:5l 2-5.
Benninss Race Results.
DEL MONTE, April 7. — The mar
riage of Captain Glen Collins, late of
the British army, and Miss Natalie
Schenck of New York, whicn, it had
been previously ' announced would occur here
thU Thursday 'evening, wm solemnized
about 10 o'clock this morning and the
couple left immediately after for
Southern California, where they will
spend their honeymoon.-
The ceremony, which was perform
ed by the Rev. J. A. Emery, of San
Francisco, took place in St. John's
Chapel, the little Episcopal church
just- outside the hotel grounds, and
was an exceedingly quiet affair, only
the members of the wedding party be
ing present. The bride, simply at
tired in a modest -traveling suit, was
attended by Mrs. Mallory of New
York. ,She was given away by her
mother. The groom, also In traveling
costume, was attended by Matthew
and George Morgan of New York.
Immediately after the departure of
the bridal couple for the south th*
balance of the - party ,left for" San
Francisco.
Xew York Society Woman and For
mer British Armv Officer United
in Marriage. I
MISS SCHEXCK WEDS /
AT DKIj MONTE CHAPEIj
Third Assistant Grand Chief Stevens
says in his petition that at the Norfolk,
Va., convention in 1902.it was decided
to hold the next biennial meeting at
Los Angeles. Preparations by the local
subdivisions in that-district were ac
cordingly commenced for the event and
are now well under way. -Some time
ago. however, the petition continues,
the central officers- of the brotherhood
sent out circulars to all the subdivi
sions in the United States, Canada and
Mexico, saying they had experienced
great difficulties in making plans for
the Los Angeles convention and that it
was /deemed advisable to change the
meeting place' to Cleveland, where bet
ter facilities could be secured.
Grand Secretary Ingraham of the
brotherhood said this? afternoon that
while there had been some talk of hold
ing the convention at ' some point in
the Middle "West as . a , result " of the
extreme cost of transportation' to Los
"Angeles,, the officers at no time had
definitely decided on such .a step. 'He
added that, as a ; matter of fact, the
delegates would get reduced rates on
account of the ; Methodist general con
ference to be held at Los Angeles, com
mencing -May 5, and that? as- a result
the brotherhood 'convention will doubt
less j be held in that ; city as originally
planned..
CLEVELAND, April 7.-Third As
sistant Chief Eli Stevens of the Broth
erhood of Locomotive Engineers to
day secured an injunction from Judge
Lissette of the Common Pleas Court
temporarily restraining Grand Chiof
Stone or other officers of the organiza
tion from holding the blennialconven
tlon in Cleveland or any other point
aside from Los Angeles. The latter
city was originally chosen as the place
for holding, this year's convention, but
owing to the high transportation rates
a movement was recently j started to
hold the convention, which meets May
11,. in this city. :-'\ '
Engineers Will Not Be Per
mitted to Hold Convention
Outside of Southern City
Sixth r*c*. bIx furlonge. selling— Alma De
four won. Yo San second. Pretension third.
Time. 1:1".
Racing at Memphis.
MEMPHIS. Tenn.. April ".—Montgomery
Park results: •
First race, tlx furlongs — Tralllna won, Mag
da !a second. Overhand third. Time, 1:1*.
Second race, four and a half furlongs — Flor
e.ntftie won, . Keno second,' Buchanan third
Tlmf, :5C%. . , -
Third race, the Mississippi purse, mile and an
eighth — Dan- McTCenna won. Banter second.
Rankin third. Time. 1:57>4.
Fourth race, .one mile, selling — Xiaxua won.
Sambo second, lioundlinr third. Time, 1:44.
Fifth race, steeplechase, about two miles
Itacatiara wen. Ginspray second. Bob Hilllard
third. Time. 4:55.
Mrs. Howard will resume her testi
mony this morning. Frank P. Deering
is her attorney, and James Allen ap
pears for the defendant. Edward How
ard is acting as, administrator of his
father's estate. '
Mrs. Howard charged that her son
took into his possession on December
12, 1901, $7100 worth of bric-a-brac, fur
niture, . crockery, cutlery, silverware,
oil paintings, statuettes, etc., and con
verted them to his own use. She testi
fied yesterday that she had bought the
greater part of these articles with her
own money and that some of them had
been given to her by her husband.
The defendant admitted having taken
into his possession a small part only
of the property, and . averred that he
had returned some to his mother and
had offered to return to her agent the
remainder, but that her agent had re
fused to acceat it.
Mrs. Anna D. Howard, widow o^Cap-
Italist W. H. Howard, who died in San
Mateo several years ago, occupied the
witness stand in the United States Cir
cuit Court yesterday giving her version
of her case against, her son, Edward
W. Howard of San Mateo.
Millionaire's Widow Seeks to Recover
$7000 Worth of Brlc-a-Brac "
and Other Articles.
MUST CONVENE
IN LOS ANGELES
MRS HOWARD GOES TO
COURT AGA1XST HER SOX
Had to Throw Kennedy Out.
Judge Lawlor granted a writ of
habeas corpus yesterday morning for
the release of William B. Kennedy,
alias Richard Jackson, alias "Yellow,"
charged with the murder of Policeman
Eugene C. Robinson on January 21,
1902. The release was because no one
had sworn to a complaint. Kennedy
was af vised by his attorney to remain
in the courtroom, as Detective Taylor
was waiting outside to rearrest him.
The Judge's attention was called to
the fact and he Instructed the bailiff
to remove Kennedy. The order was
promptly acted upon and Kennedy was
thrown into the waiting arms of Tay
lor, who took him to the prison and
again booked him for murder.
Charged With Burglary.
On jWednesday afternoon James
Oondrin, alias "Jimmy the Whale,"
was seen by Policeman T. F. Slattery.
"The Whale' 1 was carrying a large
bundle, which he dropped ln a hall
way in the rear of 2% Rose avenue.
Slattery arrested Condrin and took
possession of the bundle, which con
tained about $200 worth of clothing.
The police were notified later by Jacob
Beck, 310 Haight street, that his house
had been entered through the bath
room window and a quantity of cloth
ing stolen.. Yesterday morning Beck
identified the Condrin clothing as hi*
property and Condrin was charged
with burglary.
DENVER. April 7.— Th« Meeker troop of
cavalry left Telluride to-day for their horns
station, leaving only the local Tellurtda troopa
to represent the military there.* ¦
E. H. Mitchell of the California
Cycling Club won from A. Troutt of
the Xew Century Wheelmen; J. Berry
essa of San Jose won from J. Mc-
Grath; A. Wilkes outrode W. Stein
man: F. O. West defeated C. Waite;
C. H. Clark beat E. Hearther; W.
Brown beat L. Randall, and E. Holden
won from A. Finlayson.
Wheelmen's night attracted a large
attendance to Fischer's Theater last
evening. Between the acts of "Kis
met" home trainer races were held be
tween well-known members of the
cycling clubs about' the bay: The
races- resulted as follows:
ment to Lance Audience at
Fischer's Theater.
Eight Events Furnish Great Excite-
CYCLERS RACE OX STAGE
BETWEEN' ACTS OP "KISMET"
NEW YOflK, April 7.— In an excit
ing chase after a highwayman who
had snatched a young woman's pocket
book at Thirty-fourth street and Sec
ond avenue to-day, two men were
shot, one being probably fatally in
jured. The man, who gave his name
as John Kenny, grabbed the woman's
pocketbook ftnd knocked her down
when she struggled to retain it. He
then tried to escape on a moving car.
Joseph Corn, 26 years old, overtook
Kenny at the. corner of Third avenue
and Thirty-fourth street and clinchea
with him. In the struggle Kenny fired
two shots, one striking Corn in the
arm and the other in the abdomen.
Kenny then jumped up and ran.
E. B. Johnson Jr. of Woodside, L. I.,
next overtook .the fleeing man, and
jumped on his back, carrying him to
the ground, with Johnson on top.
Kenny still held the revolver in his
hand, and pressed its muzzle close
against Johnson's face and fired. The
bullet passed through Johnson's jaw.
Before Kenny could fire again a police
man grasped the revolver. By this
time several hundred persons had
gathered around the struggling men,
and cried loudly that he be lynched.
Other policemen appeared^ and Kenny,
who was bleeding from a blow on the
head, was hurriedly taken to the po
lice station. ?'\T-i' :
Uses His Revolver When Attempt Is
Made to Arrest Him After Steal
ing a Woman's Purse.
DESPERATE ROBBER
• SHOOTS TWO CITIZENS
Mrs. Augusta Towle, 225 Mason
street, has been wooed by Cornellu3
J. Murphy, ex-Deputy County Clerk,
for some time, but recently he has
been too strenuous in his wooing and
was told to cease his visits. Mrs.
Towle secured a warrant from Police
Judge Conlan yesterday for his arrest
on a charge of battery. She alleges
that a few days ago he called while
drunk and knocked her down and on
Wednesday he again called and
amused himself by slashing the carpet
ln her hallway with a knife. She
wanted warrants for threats against
life, malicious mischief, disturbing the
peace and battery, but the clerk issued
only the one warrant.
Mnrpiiy Is a Strenuous Wooer.
Long, who is only 18 years of age,
disappeared after the stabbing and the
pojtce are searching for him. Stewart
is 29 years of age and unmarried.
Tlobert - Stewart was seriously
stabbed by Louis Long at the factory
of the Tubbs Cordage Company, Po
trero, yesterday morning. They had
beeif working on the same* machine for
some months and often had quarreled.
Yesterday morning a belt broke and
Stewart accused Long of causing the
break. Long denied it and called
Stewart vile names. Stewart struck
him and Long grabbed hold of a knife
with a four-inch blade and stabbed
Stewart twice with it.
Stewart was taken to the Potrero
Emergency Hospital, where Dr. W. E.
Buell found that the blade had en
tered the neck, going upward to the
base of the brain. There was another
wound about two inches from the
right side of the spinal column, the
blade severing a rib. The wounds
were stitched and dressed and Stewart
was able to go to his home at 11 36 A
Alabama street with his brother.
Robert Stewart Is Seriously Wounded
' by Louis Lone at the Tubbs Cord
ace Works. Potrcro.
QliARREIi RESULTS IX
A STABBING AFFRAY
OAKmiTP RAOETBACK— THURSDAY, April 7.— Weather fine. Track 'fast
6SPO. FIRBT RACE— Six turtongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and . Owner. Wt St. 'M. 'A. .,%'• Str. Fin.- 'Jockey. Op.'
6508 Rowena. 3 (B.& W.)... ... .. 02 3 ... 1 2^11 12 1 2 J. Jones.... 7-10* \
C^-J Jean Gravler. 4 (Becker)..... 107 1 :.. » K 3 K 2 3 2 5 Haack :..'.. 10 J ?
6090 Solinus, 5 (L. Levy).. 107 2 ... 4 n 9 1 7% II 4 I.Powell... 4 13-»
6o42 Chlleno, a (Blasingame Bros.) 102 7 ... B it. 2 14 3 2 4 n Crosswalte 6 .8
e530 Vlfforoso, 4 (Appleby & Co.). 107 8 ... 10 t 7 n 6 h B %' Knapp . 10 1:!
6740 Quibo. 6 (U.S. Blackburn)... 07 4 .,. 7%61 5n 6 2 ' Cross ¦ . 30 30
4720 Alturas, 'a- (P.' E. Smith). ... 107 6 ... 3 J.i 6 lU9 1 7n P Phillips. 30 60
6242 Cotati. .3 (W. Napier)..... .. 95 5 ..; 0 2* 4 2 4 H 8 Ji ConneH .:.. ¦ W> 100
63(« Maxetta, 3 (L. Jeunera) 86 » ... 0 h 10 2 10 5 9^ Vandrbout W 30
6500 Maraschino. 6 (E. J. Smith).. 107 10 ... 8 n 8 2 8 2 10 10 Holbrook .. 10 15
C530 Brookwood Belle. 3 (Blaylock) 02 11 ... . u 11 11 11 Reed ...... 30 60
Tinje— :25. :4O?4. l:UJa. At poet 3^ minutes? Off at 2:16. Rowena place. 3-5: show;'
- 1-3. Jean, place, 6: show, . 6-2. ¦ Solinus "show.* 1-2. Wlnner v br. f. by • Altamax-
Plcnic. -Trained by D. v Stone. Scratched— County Down Penzance. Cinnabar,. Tom
- Mitchell. Start good. AVon easily. Next -two driving. ' "Winner best. but. was never
under any wraps.; Jean Gravler ran animproved race. Powell took Solinus back and
then came with, a wet sail ¦ when too !ate. Chileno a hard one to guess. Quibo had
tome speed. So did Cotat^,
C591. SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs;* selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. 1325.
Index Horse and Owner! ; IWtlSt. >;" M- .*i." Str. Fin. JockeJ-. • Op. Cl.
C122 Romaine. 4 (Murray & Co.).. 98 6 4 %• 2 n 2 2^1 1^1 n Wright ... 5 9-2
855(5 Reeves. 4 (Lamasney Bros.).. 110 7 6 n 5 2V&3 1 ,3 3 2 '*i' Roach 6 10
C511 Boutonniere 4 (F. Jones)...': 112 '2. 1 n 4 1 4 3 '4 2 3 4 Otis ....... 30 13
0420 Isabellita 4 (E. McNamara). 107 8 8 C n 6 K « 6 4 n Vickcry ... 20 40
0568 David S. ft (W; L. Stanfield). 111» 3 ,21r3 2 6 6 5 n 5 2% J. T. Shehn 4 5
6CC6 Aunt Polly, 0 (Graflort & Co.) 101 5 3 1141 11 n 2 1%« 3 Knapp 5-2 11-5
C533 Flaneur, « (Blanchl & McG.) 112 171 7 IVi" 8 70 7 7 I Powell... 4 7
6404 Varro. 8 (G. -W. -Miller). ..... 103 4 5 18 8 8 8 Holbrook .. 12 20
Time— :24Vi. :49. 1:15*4. 1:2S#.. At post 2 minutes. Off at 2:40.. Romaine. place. 9-5;
sliow^4-5. Reeves, place. 4; show, 0-5. Boutonnlere show -2.' Winner, b g. by Brutus-
Hazel D. Trained by C. E. Murray. Scratched— El" Pllar" Tonopah. Start fair. Won
. ln a hard drive of two. Third easily. Winner' bid up from $400 to $1000 by C. Mc-
Cafferty; retained. Romaine a very fair performer. With 'Roach instead of Bonner up
Reeves showed startling improvement. - Isabellita came from far back. What Sheehan
was trying - to do with David S nobody knows Aunt Polly looks peaked and blew up
early. -Flaneur ran poorly. ¦, v ; . ~ ' ± ¦
G5O2. THIRD RACE!— Six furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Indexl ¦ Horse; and Owner. ¦ Wt St. \\. it,. 54. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
G314 Rlesea; 3 (T. McLaughlin). . 05 6 <..;<• 2 2 2 1 1 1 -Mi J. Jones.... 3 1S-B
C5S0 Resigned, 3 (A. W. Coffey)... 95 7... 2h 3n 32 2 h< J. Lewis... 10 12
*moU Puss in Boots. 4 (Josephs)... 105 3 ... 1 1141 h 2 1%."J.1" Knapp .... 2 9-5
•i51SJU. P. Cane, 4 (J. Green) 97 2 ... 9 n 5 1J/.5 % 4 2 Vandrbout 10 .20
6254 Dora I. 5 (J. Ryan) ,.105 12 ...103 6n'81 54 Holbrook .. :4 10
.... Brown Patsy, 3 (Morehouse).'. 101 8 ... S2 7h 71 6114 Frowen ... 20 20
, «!534 John Boggs. a - (Stev'ens) . 103 a- ... 3 h 4 [j 4 n 7 n" Burllngme • 30 50
5947 Keogh. 3 (P. Hildreth). ...... 89 11 7 «i » n 9 2 Sh McLaughln 10 20
50S5 Master, 4 (A. Xeal) 107 1 ... 0^82 8*1 9 Vt Stuart 20 60
«T<22 Frivolous. 3 (E. Fitzgerald). 93 10 .. A'Z ,12 10 2 10 2 Roach 10 15
«>542 Seaforth. a (Rednond) 103 9 ...112101112114 J T. Shehn 30 50
6510 Oriana. 1 a (G..S. McKenzle)..: 102 4 . ". .. 8 *A11 2 12 12 Bonner 6 . '8
Time — :24'/i. :49»A. 1:15. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:05& Riesca place 7-5; show,
7-10. " Resigned, place, 5; show. 5-2. Boots, show 2-5 Winner t>. f. by Rinfax-by
Surinam. Trained by T. McLaughlin. Scratched — Ursuline Sister. Royal White The
Stewardess. Start good. Won ridden out. Second driving Third stopping badly.
Riesca ran Puss in Boots to a standstill , and won cleverly from Resigned H. P
Cane will win shortly. Dora I met with all sorts of ill- racing luck. Brown Patsy
has speed. Oriana bled.
659.1. FOURTH RACE — One and a. sixteenth miles; selling; 4-yr.-olds & up; to first, $325.
Indexl , Horse and Owner. , Wt St. U."' 3 ,^. *i. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
553tt Bl. Damozel, . 5 .(Chappelle). . 100 8 7 % 6 2 63 53 lh Reed 8 8
6305 Hellas. 4 (J. Creely) 107 4 1 Uil «i 1 «i 1 J.; 2 IK J. T. Shehn 15 20
C533 Gold Finder, a (P. G. Lynch) 102 5 3 2 4 h 4 1 3 ft 3 % Bonner 3 / 5
5919 Harry Beck 6 (Lynch & Co.). 107«5n3 12n22 4n I Powell 5-2 '7-2
6518 Brght Moon. 5 (Mitchell & G.) 102 7 6 h 7 3 7 7 6 n 5 2& Holbrook "" 5-2 5-2
6542; Ulloa, a (E. Tlerney) ........ 100 3 23 2 2 3 2%4 2 6 3 Knapp ' B 6
6523 Rim Rock. 6 (Jones & Co.).. 105 1 '4 2 5 2%5Vi 7 6 7 4 Haack ..... 6 10
6401 |Rlo Shannon, a (Mrs. Coffey) 105 2 8 8 8 8. 8 J. Lewis... 15 40
Time — :24»i. :49}i. 1:15V&. l:42'i. 1:49. At post 3 minutes. Off at 3:34'^ Damozel place
3; show. 3-2. Hellas, place. 8; ehow, 4. Finder, show, 4-5 Winner b m by Prince
/if Monaco-Logic. Trained by C. W. Chappelle. Scratched— Colonel Anderson Leash
Watkins Overton, Tamm.— 'Start straggling. Won in a drive of three. Hellas was
tiring and Blessed Damozel Just got up in time." Harry Beck can do better Powell
drew his whip when there was no occaskra for it. Bright Moon miserably' handled
Throw out thi3 race. Ulloa quit.
«5»4. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Indexj Horee and Owner. Wt St. U. J4. %.' str. Fin. Jockey, j Op! cT7
(G484) llandpress. a (Magrane) 110 7 11 12»J12^13'13 J LewlZTT 6-2 8
6520 Marelio. 5 U. Quinlan) 103 C 6 2^42 n 2 8 2 2^2 n j". T Shehn 4 4
6511 Possart. 6 (J. E. Case)...... 115 1 4 1,4 6 2^5 14 4 n 3 1 Bonner 3 9 •»
05(2) Mont Peeress. 5 (Mrs. Coffey) IK) 3 2 n 4 1%4 1 3 n 4 3 Crosswalte" 3 7-2
6377 Illowaho 5 (H Stover) 110 888 72 5 356 See 6 7
6411 Mountebank, a (Keating Co.) 105 4 B ?; 5 1%6 n 6 3 « 3 P PhilIi D s" 10 12
0421 Bard Burns. 0 (F. O'Rourke). 112 6 3 1^3 1%3 n 7 3 7 4 Holbrook- " 6 11
5434 Miss Vera, a (P. G. Lynch).. 101 2 7 2 7 2 8 8 8 Sherwood '.'. 20 60
Time— :24, M9U. 1:15. 1:28. At post 1 minu"^ Oft at 3:571$. Handpress place S-5
sl'ow. 4-5. Marelio. place. 8-5: show. 4-5. Possart. show 4-5. Winner b h by Han'
over-Pomona. Trained by W. P. Magrane. Scratched— Canejo, Clausu's Start fair"
Won easily. Next two driving hard. Handpress had the speed. Marelio cut of at
start, losing, considerable ground. Possart, pocketed part of route, closed strong- With
a more vigorous ride Montana- Peeress would have been ln the money Bard Burns ran
out in the stretcl '-_i Z^~i^^ ;_
GOO'S. SIXTH RACE— One mile and 70 yards; selling; 4-year-olds and up to first, $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. • WtlSt. \l. I'j. a;. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op! CU
6560 Kitty Kelly, a (Stanfleld) 103 5 12 12 I 2141 2 11 J. T Shehn ~ 4 a~^>
656S Mocorito. a (J. Ryan). ....... 108 1 2 >4 2 h 2 2*42 n 2 «i Holbrook R *. 11 n
6546 I O U. 5 (C. W. Chappelle).. 1OT 6 . « 1 6 4 5 «i 3 h 3 3 Reed . . " • e 6
6569 Expedient, a (P. E. Smith)... 110 2 7 7 7 5 14 4 h Otis ... ' « 1ft
6557 Polonius. 4 (Stewart & Co.).. 105 7 6 2%4 2 3 14 4 5 4 Haack *" « >l
6523 Mr. Farnum. 4 (McCafferty).. 101 4 4 4 5 2^4 n 6 3 6 6 Roach ift 1*
6523 Galanthus, 6 (Mrs. Coffey), . . 105 3 3 «j 3 94 6 3 7 7 J. Le W i s ".; *J 2 g
Time— :24Vj. :.''0. 1:14. l:42»i. 1:<7. At post y, minute. Off at 4:22. . Kelly nlar. ""
show. 1. Mocorito. place. 4-5; show. 2-5. IOU. show. 1. Winner br m bv AiwAhl'
Play Toy. Trained by W. L. Stanfleld. Start good for all but Po'loniu* " Won ri^J «
out. Next two driving. Kitty had speed and outstayed Mocorito. I O n i«, 1
getting up. Polonius quit. So did Galanthus. Too short for Expedient.' -.
Rube Smith has been matched to
fight Kid Williams at Stockton on the
18th inst. Itufe Turner declined a
match with the Denver man.
If this fails Greggains will match
Canole and "Battling" Nelson. The
latter defeated Spider Welch recently.
Joe Walcott dropped into town last
night from Boston, thinking he was
matched to fight Billy Woods before
the Shasta Club this month. Woods
did , not come up to expectations at
Colma on Tuesday night and the
match was sidetracked. Walcott
seems to have had his trip for noth
ing, unless he can take on the Dixie
Kid at Colma or Oakland.
Frankie Neil has at last been of
fered a big match in this city. Alex
Greggafns wants him to meet Abe
Attell here next month. Attell wired
yesterday that he would fight at 118
pounds at 3 o'clock. Neil will decide
to-day.
The colored fighters are beginning
to have their innings. For this month
the new Shasta Athletic Club will
present the big colored heavy-^veights
In the persons of Jack Johnson and
Sam McVey. Johnson left Chicago
last evening for this city, while Mc-
Vey will remain a few days longer in
Oxnard, where he has been quietly
training in anticipation of a second
meeting with the colored heavy
weight champion. The last time the
two met was in Los Angeles in Octo
ber, when they drew the largest house
ever gathered to see a fight in the
City of Angels. On that occasion
Johnson won a decision from the Ox
nard fighter in twenty rounds. The
contest will take place in Mechanics'
Pavilion.
The San Francisco Athletic Club
was granted a permit for a profes
sional contest in May. Representa
tives of seven clubs agreed to donate
1250 to the mother of Frank McCon
nell, the boxer, who was injured- some
months since.
The issues between the Boxers'
Union and the fight promoters will be
discussed at a meeting to-morrow
night. Both sides are tirm and the
game may have to be discontinued for
a time.
The Supervisors' Police Committee
look no Tlotice of the unsavory con
dition of the sport at its meeting yes
terday. It granted the Lincoln Club
a permit for the 15th inst. and the
Hayes Valley Club one for the 22d
It was thought the expose of the
true inwardness of the so-called
"amateur" boxing made at the Bay
City Athletic Club show on Wednes
day night would open the eyes of the
Supervisors to the violations of the
city ordinance governing boxing.
Great Danes (thirty-two entries)— Mrs. A. W.
Spear Mrs. S. Barnett. Mrs. L. S. Adams Jr.,
John ' L Cunningham, Mrs. D. O. Druffel.
Miss Ktta Miller' Schrock. Mrs. C. G. Saxe.
Mrs. J. F. Fitzgerald, Dresser & Simpsons, O.
Berzsten. _
English setters (fifty-nine entries) — George
Dupuy-, J. E Terry. -W. T. Wood. E. W.
Moulto'n Puerl WHkerson, Thomas , Brown,
Thomas Irving. Joseph Harvey. Mrs. H. Eisner.
Charles Steele. C; K. Cadman, Joseph Brodier.
H A Jones J. H. Polhemus. H. B. Gardiner.
C ' D. Carman. W. E. Gump. Payne L. Shatter,
Charles Easton. C. T. Wayman. W. H. Um
mer, George A. Derby. A. B. Truman. J. J.
Duke. J. M. Golobeck, C. C. Lee, Wm. Feige,
Mrs G. Groom. Thomas Irving. L. E. John
son,' Mrs. H. H. Brown, Captain C. L. Grif
fith, Louis Abrams and Alexander Colvln.
Boston terriers, twenty-three entries— Mrs.
H. H. Carlton, Mrs. G. L. King, Mrs. W. H.
Demlng. Mrs. H. H. BroVn. Mrs. W. 1*.
Gerstle, R. J. Jose,- Harry Corbctt. Mrs. M. C.
GreenberK and M L. Harris.
St Bernard*, thirty-flve entries— Mrs. E. P.
Silber, Allan McDougall. A. L. Hamilton. Cap
tain W. B. Overton. ¦ United States Artillery;
Mrs Theresa M. Maloney, August F. Cha
mot, S. J. Ackerman, Mrs. A. L. Strauss.
Charles Mllnes, Oakland St. Bernard Kennels,
W J. Tiffany, L. W. Llppie, Mrs. H. Angell,
Miss Clara Moffat. ''r*. A. L. Nelson. F. F.
Lueck, H L Stromburg. William Wallace,
Charles Newman. James H Mahoney, M. Cole
man and E. D. Connolley.
There are many new exhibitors repre
sented, while others are showing be
cause Judge Mortimer will be in the
ring, as that official is a favorite here.
Among the lady exhibitors are:
Mrs. C. K. Harley, Mrs. F. F. Faircloth.
Mrs L. W. Seeley. Mrs. Phlt Wand, Miss
Delia Beach, Miss Daisy E. Meek. Mrs w.
P. Burnham. Mrs. E. S. Simpson, Mrs. JI. t.
Lent, Mrs. D. J. Mercer. Mrs. A. P. Welch.
Miss Bosart, Miss Ethel Leonard. Miss Lduh
M. Murray, Mrs. W. C. Ralston, Mrs. AVllUum
Blackwell. Mrs. J. W. Douslass, Mrs. F. \\ .
Routhwaltc, Miss A. Farno. Mrs. Phil J. Fay,
Mrs James Hervey Jones, Mrs. Peter Molf,
Mrs! R. II. Atkinson, Mrs. P. C. Meyer, Mia«
May Boulan Mrs. J. W. Brooks, Mrs. A.
Rancovlerl, Mrs. C. K. Herman. Mrs. L. Cur
ran-Ctark, Mrs. Howard Black and Mr*.
Thomas Murphy.
The exhibitors in some of the large
classes are:
The entries for the eighth annual ex
hibtion of the San Francisco Kennel
Club, which opens next Wednesday in
Mechanics'. Pavilion, are all inland
promise an exhibition of the highest
class. Fifty-eight cocker spaniels. have
been entered, fifty-three collies; fifty
nine English setters, twenty-seven
pointers, forty-four bull terriers, twen
ty-three Boston terriers, twelve Irish
terriers, sixteen bull . dogs, . eighteen
Irish setters, seventeen American fox
hounds, twenty-one Daschunds . and
forty-seven fox terriers/ The other
classes filled in the same generous pro
portion. • . .
Articulate v». McVey: Medley vs. Sea Lion;
Orejron vs. Northern Alarm; Proinetheua vb.
Snowman: Jessie Dear v*. Friendless Boy;
Quita vs Wild Nora: Jimmy Anthony vs. Firm
Fellow- Sofa la vs. Haddln»rton: Little Mercy
vs. Orsina; Frisco Lad vs. ' Roll ing: Boer: Im
perious t». Vina: Homer Boy vs. Doc Burns;
Lily York vs. Gold Lily: Tom Hurlick v«.
Youn* Johnny R*x : Maid of the Glen v«.
Crawford Belle: Royal Friend ?«. Little Lucy;
Oame Boy vs. Fcnlt; Toronto vs. Silver Clou«l :
Bella Lloyd vs. Don Pedr<»; Oulda vs. Shadow;
Spanish Lad vs. Foxhunter; Equator vs. Icelus;
Yellowtail vs. Van -Alba; Clover Blossom vs.
Luxury; Mark Twain vs. Younsr Klamath:
Black Coon vs. Una; Haa^im* vs. Frisky Boy:
Bill Duean v. Viking; J E H vs. Slleverfamon ;
Intruder vs. Our Wed^ewood vs. Lit
tle Plunger; Hermit vs. Resal Attire.
Ingleside Coursing Park will reopen
on Sunday with a sixty-four-dog open
stake as the card. The first brace of
greyhounds will go to the slips at 10:30
a. m. ,The draw last night brought
out some new performers and the best
of the older divisions. The dogs will
meet in the first rounds In the following
order:
Seattle Bats Gray, the Ix>s Angeles
IMtohcr, All Over the
J**ield.
LOS ANGELES. April 7. — A slower
and duller game than that between
Seattle and Los Angeles this afternoon
<ould hardly be imagined. Seattle
batted Gray all over the field, from the
start, but it can be said In Justice to
Oray that his support was poor. Most
«if the locals and some of the visitors
played without the usual snap and
energy that has marked their work in
previous games. Barber pitched a
*trtong game 'and kept the hits well
scattered. Flood's home run was
about the only feature of the cham
pions* playing. Score:
Los Anrele*— 1 SeattV
AB.R. H. P. A. AB.R. H. p A
Jtrnrd. cf.« 1 1 1 0 VnHlt. cf.6 2 g 40
J lotwi, 2b.4 2 1 3 ; Molilr, 2b.4 2 2 O .1
• mlth. 3b.R O 1 2 3 j>elh>. 3b.4 2 O O O
• rvth. rC3 O 1 2 ] frink. If.. 4 1 2 :t ft
floss. !f...4 © o « o prsbr Ib 4 ] 2 12 u
• hase. lb.3 1 0 30 <t nr.it h". rf.3 © 1 ;i o
»oman, s.3 O 2 2 H R.Hall. b.4 0 2 .1 1
T-a««r, c.4 0 0 «5 2 Blkshp, c4 1 1 2 1
tJray. p..^4 JJ _* J> 2 Parber. p.4 0 0 « 3
ToUH.34 4 .7*28 J2 ; Totals. 36 ~8 13 27 II
•Brashear out for Interference.
nrxR AND HITS BT INNINGS.
J>.» Angeles 0 0 2 © 1 I © Oft— 4
*«•« h«« 0 1 3 0 1 1O 1 ©_t
Seattle 8 2 0 « 3 u 1 o o— -j
Base hits 131 14020 1—13
SUMMART.
Stolen base— Erashear. Error.— Cravath
Chase. Earer. Gray. Hall. Van Haltren. r^lel
hanty. Home run— Flood. Two-base hlti—
i,,? V *«u^- 6mlth - R - H *n. Tri°k Sacrlflc^
vli^? { W T ?;¦ Sxn J th - r ' m *>** on
t, 1 t L * ft on b ««e»— Lo« Angles 8. SeaU
tie 4. Bases on ba!ls-Off Barber 4. Struck
SiXi 8 ' G -? V 5t bi Carber * Double pu™
nood to Toman; Cravath to Kasrer Pus P( i
Kre-^^^r 1 "*" 2 h ° Ur " * nd 7 «*
DULL GAME IX THE SOUTH
That one inning was the story of the
eame. After 4t wa? over nothing trans
pired to awaken the sleepy fans in the
Mand. Buck Freeman did most of the
batting for the Portlanders, soaking
<>ut three safe ones, j In the ninth in-
Tiing Xadeau was on second and two
were out. McCreedie smashed the ball
out toward Francks. Jt looked like a
taXt one. but the shortstop ate it up
and all was over. The score:
rortland- i Oakland—
AB.R. H. PA AB T> IT P *
TVnan. cr.4 • rt 3 « Ganlv, rf.4 I 12ft
Ndeau. lf.3 O o 3 OFrnrkf «4 I 1 2 S
r£^?w a ? - ****** cU 0100
irmn. lb.4 ft 3 7 O cinoy. lb.J 0 1 10 2
EvSi 4 . !! 1 n - Str * ib - - b •» « • a »
",L rd '- rf ! 2 i ¦ °P'vrx. 3b..1 lllo
r^ an> H \ 2 * -'ll-ohmn, c.3 1 2 c a
n™^t, P P :f 0 0 % <l^™-»±±*_2.±
sM^srsrsSu! Tatal " a> * 827M
HUXS AXD HITS BT INNINGS.
1'ortla.nd 0 O « 0 0 0 ft 0 ft— 0
r **e hit* 0 loioosoi— A
Oakland O 0 O o 4 o 0 0 x— 4
Base hit? 0 0 0 1 S 1 1 0 %— 8
SUMMARY.
Has* Mt»— Off Iber*. G; off Druhot. 2. Stolen
Msf!-Frc»m«n. Krus«r. Krror — Fryman
'17^ 6P on >>rror "— Oakland 1. First bare on
•ailed balls— Off Morklman. 1; off Iber* J
!«*¦« on ha^y— Oakland 2. Portland G. Struck
V Ut T, y -- lcskiman - 6: by Iberp. 3; by Druhot,
V Hit by pitcher— Nadeau. Doubl* play»-l
Reck to Castro 10 Frr*n»n. 2. Wild pitch—
llwtr. Time of eame — One hour and forty
five minutes, frcpire— McCarthy.
He had hardly accomplished this feat
when Buck Francks shot a smoky one
along the third base line. Peter and
the doctor came in quickly. Then Ham
tried to throw a snake shoot, and in
stead of hitting the catcher's mitt *he
hall went through to the backstop and
"Janley took advantage of the delay by
scooting in.
But Mr. B. IVvcroaux hooked a fast
•me at Francis, too hot to handle. Then
l*ncle Peter drove the leather out to
left p.nd Moskiman got a base on balls.
Mr. Ganley got in right with the Oak
land fans when he tore off a bingler to
loft that chased Devereaux in.
Dr. Moskiman kept throwing up un
derhanded ones till the last man was
out. That was all he had. but it was a
sood assortment. Five timesthe Port
landers connected with the shoots, but
never often enough to bring in runs.
Then the M. D. was steady-all the time
and only one man walked.
Poor Hani Iberg got his in the fifth
spasm. Up to that time he wasthrow
ing fast ones, and slow ones and they
vere all good. The Oaklanders could
not get jerry to the kind Ham had. So
when Clancy hit to left field in the fifth
rnd Streib immediately doubled him up
•lth a hot one to Beck, it looked good
for Portland fer a few more rounds
at least.
If Portland could only have made a
few runs yesterday it might have been
a long talc of how Dr. Moskiman was
walloped and walloped and then sent
back to the bench. But Portland would
rot do such a thing. In fact, the stars
«•£ the north acted like gentlemen and
refused to hit the ball outside the dia
mond. On several occasions they re
fused to hit it at all. Score: Oakland,
A: Portland. 0.
W. L. Pct.l ?5*-K%
L Angele*.. » 4 .69i Seattle « « -MO
Oakland ... 9 4...t"J2,San Fran. . . 4 fc -^>
Tacoma .... S 4 -t>67| Portland ... ill .15*
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
Peter's Sluggers Open Up on
"Haiifin Fifth Inning and
Keep Betting Up Tallies
Fixture in Its Entirety
Is to Be Decided on
Sunday— Xew Performers
] BERG GETS A BEATING
JOE WALCOTT AEEIVES
•
Boston Boxer Thought He
Was N Matched to Fight
Woods, but He Is Not
Third race — One mile; four- year-olds and up;
Belling:
6593 'Rio Shannon (Coffey) 103
6500 Teufel (Magrane).. .., ior>
G593 Rim Rock (Jones). .10s
6680 Ripper (Lane) ; ...105
fi6S3 St. Rica (Murphy) 105
£590 *Tom Mitchell (McNeil)....... ...100
6593 Ulloa (Tterney) ...103
5513 Allopath (Lamasney Bros.)...... 10a
6494 Vasallo (Piedmont Stable) •..-.- 105
6542 Tonopah (Schiff) 1 05
0594 MIsb Vera (Lynch) ........: 10TJ
65C9 El Pilar (Haskell)... ..105
6557 Watkins Overton (Knebelkamp). .... .105
Fourth race— Seven furlongs, three-year-olds
and un. handicap. _^>*
5885 Byron Rose (Wilson) ...100
5621 Yellow Tail (Hackett) ....IK)
6570 Albula (Lamagney Bros.)............ -, 10()
6570 Atwood (HemlnKray).. ....' Oi
6439 Celebrant (Hamilton Stable)...... - otf
6581-Our Bessie (Newman) .100
6582 Ocean Dream (Twyman).......-....,,.ioil
6570 Olympian - (Schorr) ;;-. .-.-. . . pi «j-
Flfth race— Six furlongs, three-year-olds
selling.-"
(GM3)*Ocyrohe (Coffey) lp «
0554 Dusty Miller (Sheridan) 10'i
6571 Hoceo (Photo Stable).... .- ln 
f.578 'Ethel Abbott (Miller).... '"" ,.?,
6R97 'Silent Water ( Smith)..... ..... '-"90
6559 Geo. Berry (Boettger).. .""lO6
(O5T.9) Scherzo (Pueblo 8table);.*....y:.^~ — jjjy
¦6535 Orchan (Edgewood) Farm) '...." "1 00
6535 Tee Bugaboo (Epplngcr) .............. 10a
. SJxtn race— MIIe : and 50 yards, four-year
olds and up, selling;. , • . i .
0557 Idogo (McCafCtrty):.... lot!
• 6557 Cloche D'Or (Coffey) 7; ......; 1 04
6543 »Solon, (Ryan)..........". 93
65I>5 •Oriana (McKenzle) . ..".;. .;..... . ; . . . [ > i»-|
, 6557 Searcher (Romlgh).. ::.'.". .;.'.;;..,..-. .106
¦*¦,¦¦-¦..¦-.•-¦"¦¦ . ¦ . .
Second race — Half mile; two-year-olds;
purse:
6555 Mary Pepper (Miller) 101
(645»)Albert Fir (Jones). 112
6567 Jocular (Touhey) ..105
C567 Ben Eric (Dobson) .........108
6459 Saccharate (Napa Stock Farm). .... .105
5991 Nell Sullivan (Pratt). ............ .101
,6545 Head Dance (El Primero Stable) 112
6555 Pearl Waters (Waters) ........105
6519 Cardinal Sarto (Summers) 10s
6545 Peggy O' Nell (Smith)... ...109
First race — Six and a half furlongs; four
yar-olds and up; selling:
6486 Albemarle (Qulnlan) 108
4480 Sir Doupal (Sheridan) T.t 101
6550 Skip Me (Madison & Edson).' 109
C592 Dora I (Wellman) ." .-; 99
(C330)»Rustic Girl (Fitzgerald) . 94
C591 Flaneur (Blanchl & Co.).,...' <..lll
6230 Judge Voorhies (Murray) 101
6355 Soothsayer. (Lomasney Bros.)......... 98
65C9 Carl lee (Appleby) 99
(6542) Pencil Me (Mounce) ..'..... .-. 101
6339 Rollick (Jones) .....Ill
(C5S0)*Clausus (Ryan).. 90
6496 Sue Johnson rWilliams) 99
C578 'Our Pride (Howe Stable).. 00
€520 Toto Gratlot (WHkerson) 101
Joe Jones, the clever little New York
rider, piloted two winnes. Joe is alert
at the post and will soon be in tho
front"rank.
C. H. Pettingill. associate judge at
Oakland, and who fills a like position
on all of the New York tracks, jeavea
for the East this morning. The vet
eran racing official's presence is re
quired at Aqueduct track, which opens
on the loth inst., compelling him to
curtail his stay here.
George . Rose, who has been booking
at ; Los Angeles all winter, intends
dropping up this way and will prob
ably cut in at Oakland to-morrow.
Jack Atkin, a good winner at Los
Angeles with the chalk and chamois,
arrived here yesterday.
Jed Lewis, one of the stars at th<i
Southern California meeting, attired in
a long, light "Benny" that was the
envy of "Big Bill" Knapp, Sammy
Greenfield and Joe Jones, piloted
Handpress to Victory in the fifth. And,
by the way, there is a dispute over
the services of Lewis and the judges
at, Oakland will make all of his en
gagements until the matter is settled.
It is claimed that the contract held
on the boy's services by J. L. Ellerd
allows the latter to take, half of the
rider's earnings, which Is a breach of
the racing rules.
Romaine, winner of the second event,
was bid up from $400 to $1000 by Char
ley McCafferty. Murray & Co. retain
ed the gelding.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
Billy Magrane's Handpress, with Jed
Lewis in the saddle, was installed a 2Vi
to 1 favorite, for the seven-furlong
selling affair following. Later in the
betting Marelio, Possart and Montana
Peeress were all well supported and
the price about Handpress stretched to
5. The little horse had the requisite
supply of speed and, leading from start
to finish, ran in three lengths ahead of
Marelio. Montana Peeress lost the
show to Possart.
Kitty Kelly paraded in front of her
company all the way in the last, a mile
and seventy yard selling fixture, at
odds of 4 J ,£ to 1. Mocorito, the favorite,
trailed her throughout, losing out by a
length at the wire. Reed finished third
with IOU.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Last Monday Bonner rode Reeves in
a Futurity course run when the La
masney horse was one of the favorites,
and his lethargic exhibition was the
laughing stock of the track. In the
second event yesterday, a seven-fur
long selling number. Reeves, ridden by
Roach and 10 to 1 in the ring, ran. a
smashing race, being beaten but a neck
by Romaine after a hard drive. The
winner was played down from 6 to
4%. Aunt Polly, the favorite, with
Knapp in the saddle, led almost to the
stretch and then blew up. Flaneur
never got close to the firing line and
Sheehan's handling of David S bordered
on the sublime.
Riesca, now racing In the colors of
T. McLaughlin, captured the six-fur
long number following. Puss In Boots
had first call in the betting and led al
most to the stretch. Then Joe Jones,
astride Riesca, assumed the front posi
tion and, ridden out, the filly downed
Resigned more than two lengths.
Both Bright Moon and Harry Beck,
favorite arid second choice, respective
ly, for the mile and a sixteenth selling
run, were unable to get any portion of
the purse. Hellas, a 20 to 1 outsider,
made all the running, only to be led out
a neck by Blessed Damozel, an 8 to 1
chance, with Reed up. Gold Finder ran
third. Harry Beck was possibly short,
finishing fourth.
HAXDPRESS A WINNER.
. The programme at Oakland yesterday
was composed entirely erf selling events,
and favorites did not, shine to any
particular advantage, Rowena being
the lone winner. No big surprises were
sprung, however, for most of the dif
ferent successful horses were accorded
more or less support. The weather was
warm and there was a' large attend
ance.
Rowena, the Burns & Waterhouse
filly, again made a favorite for the
introductory sprint, showed to more
advantage than at her first essay. Rid
den by little Joe Jones, she quickly,
showed in the lead and was. not headed
anjj part of it. Jean Gravler, with
Haack in the saddle and 15 to 1, beat
the poorly ridden Solinus for place
honors. Powell, on the latter, got away
well, fell far back and then came with
an ill timed rush when too late. -
REEVES IMPROVES.
SLXTY^OUPt-DOG STAKE
Cocker Spaniels. Setters, Bos
ton Terriers and v Other
Breeds Are in Evidence
SOME STEONG- CLASSES
Will Hold a Conference
With t he Promoters to
Discuss Prize Question
After the Lapse/ of One
Meeting the Greyhounds
¦Will Be in Action Again
For Nine Rounds They
Swing .Vainly at Puzzling
Kind Offered by Xoskiinan
Laflies Prominent Among
Those Who Will Exhibit
at Mechanics' Pavilion
Five Favorites Are
Laid Away at
Oakland.
PORTLAND MEN
SHY ON RUNS
BOXERS' UNION
PROVES FIRM
MANY ENTRIES
FOR DOG SHOW
READY TO RUN
AT INGLESIDE
REEVES SHOWS IMPROVEMENT,
BUT IS BEATEN BY ROMAINE
DOGS OF CLASS ENTERED IN ANNUAL KENNEL CLUB SHOW
THE SAN FRANCISCO \ CALL. FRIDAY. APRIL 8. 190£. :
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS*
GUT TODAY. ~ OUT TODAY.
I it, Kdii^l b» Ileary CfcadwieV,
\ m 0 i fhe Fataer of Base BalL 3
I y '•'/ Contains the * ¦ *
\ y-il NEW RULES FOR
1 rfjU 1904
l#i^o/» ofEdal a-r«ra<es of th» N»-'
Y s~ (zf-i u « 1 * ! - American and all th«
l_^2\w-' f'^or 1-aaraes, with a review
°^ t>o past season in each
U^^ or.'.in.rat:on.sp«cial chapter?
C^Vjl on t.ic evolution of base ball
"' V Am « ri ««n and National
Y*JiiV-» k Lcr *Tue history, intrrestirjr
Bg^uC* notes of interest, how to U7
V *\ P--rcsnta3»5. cchedulea. aad
>rfg3 . a «rr«*t deal of other valuable
ir.farn!Ciio.i. Illustrated with
"""J^ O? '?£-. TOE N ATION'AL AND
A r^.- I^ AGl;E TEAMS AND
PRICE TEN CEHTS PER COPY
ForaJebysJlr.«>wsdeaier ; »».Tid '
A. C. SPALDJNG A BROS.
578 MISSION ST.
Spaldlng's Catalogue .of Spring and Summer
imports sent free on receipt of application.Go the Best Way.
TTh^n you eo East you might ae we!! go the
br«t way. The Overland Limited, with tlectrtc
ligfct 1" every berth, leaves daily «.t 10 a. m.
*nd travel* oxer the Southern and Union Pa^
elite. No chance to Cblc&ro. Get a copy oC
"fcirhU and Scene* from the Car Windows"
from S?. F. Booth. Gen. Act. U. P. R. R.. 1
The California State Board of Trade
has received a special invitation to at
tend a jubilee celebration to be held
at Modesto on April 22 and 23 in
honor of the completion of the Mo
desto and Turlock irrigation system.
The canals, which are about 250 miles
long, cost $2,500,000 and were con
structed and are owned and will be
operated by the people resident of the
260,000 acres of land supplied by the
canals. This work Is of great im
portance to this State and the Califor
nia State Board of Trade will send a
large delegation to the jubilee celebra
tion. '
Brent Marks Completion of Jirisation
System. With Hundreds of Miles
of Canals.
MODESTO ASKS BOARD
TO ATTEND JUBILEE
, Eleven men accused of violating the
anti-pool selling^ ordinance rwere dis
charged by Judge : Fritz because they 1
had been arrested on 0/ John Doe", war
rants' by Policeman' Nyhan.: All: the
Police : Judges "disapprove .the '{. system
which .'enables' a. poiicemariito' arrest'a
person on ; a warrant ..which? does \ not
bear his name, \ and | the < Superior ' Court
recently expressed- a! similar! sentiment/.
At : that '. time ; : a ? number; of ¦-, arrests \ of
Hotel Nymphia denizens were' made on
nameless .warrants. \ .
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an examination on
April 23. 1S(M, for the position of janitor
in the Sub-Treasury building at San
Francisco, at $660 per annum, and other
similar \ vacancies as they' may occur,
at that place. Age limit, 21 to 50 years.
All honorably discharged soldiers and
sailors of War of the Rebellion will
be admitted to this examination I with
out regard to the maximum age limit.'
Persons who have'suffered the loss of
an arm or a leg, who are ruptured, or
who have other serious - disability are
considered disqualified for this position.
Apply to the United States Civil Ser
vice Commission, Washington,: D; C;
or to the secretary of the Consolidated
Board of Civil Service. Examiners; ¦ 301
Jackson street, San Francisco, for ap
plication form 1052, which : should be
properly executed 'and filed, in complete
form with; the : commission , at: Wash
ington prior to the hour of closing busi
ness on April 23, 1904. ¦„ ..'•'*
against them,; and it looks as if Judge
Mc-gan will not be . Influenced by pleas
of . prior good character, when "t he • sen
tences them for their latest offense.'" ¦ '
Job for Janitors.
L/ocal Inspoctors Investis«te Matter of
the Collision lietwecu the City of
Davvson and the 1\tmalpals.
United States Local Inspectors Bolles
»nd Bulger held an investigation yes
terday into the matter t/f the collision
between the steamer Tamalpais and
the steamer City of Dawson on March
31 of this year at the new slip south
of Washington-street wharf. Captain
C A. Johnson of the Tamalpais testi
fied that the tide pulled his vessel
around out of the course and that he
could not have done anything to have
f. verted the -collision.
EL R. White, captain of the Tiburon;
J. J. Stoffen of the General McDowell
and Captain Wall of the United States
DB»J testified that the clip was eo ar
ranged that a vessel entering it was
.subject to unnecessary danger, par
ticularly ferry steamers, the lives of
whose passengers are jeopardized.
A protest setting forth those facts
was presented to the Board of Harbor
Commissioner* on February 22, in
w hichi document the captains of' the
Southern. Pacific, California, Xorth
wt>stej-n, North {Shore. Santa Fe and
Oakland Transit ferry ej-stems con
demned the slip as being inadequate
for large tide-wheel cteainers.
Th* inspectors took the matter under
advisement.
FERRY SUP DENOUNCED
AS MENACE IX) SHIPS
The committee ordered the roadway
of Church street, between Twenty
third and Twenty-ninth, to be bitu
minized, and also the improving of
Hermann street, between Buchanan
and Market: Laguna streets, between
Hermann and Market; I street, be
tween Seventeenth and Eighteenth,
and Eighteenth street, between Castro
and Danvers. The committee referred
to the Board of Works for, adjustment
the petition of S. J. Nau for damage
to his property by blasting. The
Board of Works was also requested to
remedy the bad condition of Webb
street.
The petition of the Independent
Messenger Company to lay under
ground wires in the downtown district
was laid over for one week yesterday
by the Supervisors* Street Committee
to give the other messenger companies
a chance to be heard on the subject.
The company desires to maintain and
use electric wires a"nd cables, with the
necessary switches, for the purpose of
conducting a messenger service. The
petition is signed by A. W. Wehe,
president, and Ella A. Potter, secre
tary.
Independent Messenger Company Asks
Permit to Inaugurate Another Ser
vice in Downtown District.
WANTS FRANCHISE TO
LAV UNDERGROUND WTRKS
Wants Additional Facts Before Con
sent Ins to Surrender Keservoir
Sites! on Tuolumne River.
The resolution adop*?d by the Tur
lock Irrigation District relative to a
conference with San Francisco repre
sentatives about this city's petition
now: before Congress to acquire a
municipal water supply from the
Tuolumne River was forwarded to the
Board of Supervisors yesterday. The
resolution recites that R. M. Williams.
M. McPherson, L. X. Mire, Joseph
Joyce and P. J. Hazen have been ap
pointed a committee to meet the San
Francisco representatives and a com
mittee from the Turlock Irrigation Dis
trict on the subject. . •• ... •
The resolution also says that "it is
the present sense of the Turlock board
that until additional fact3are presented
it cannot assent to anything looking
to the passage of the. reservoir sites on
the Tuolumne River into the control of
any private or special interest and
which does not involve the utilization,
of the storage privileges based on the
use of those sites on broad and com
prehensive lines so as. to provide for
the storage of the largest practicable
amount of water, and under such con
ditions as shall preserve to the people
dependent upon the river named all
rights for water they now have ' or
which under future conditions they
ought in justice and equity to have."
When the case of the United States
vs. W. J. Dasha,' T.' J. Dempsey,
Thomas T. Burnett and Lee LIm .was
called for .trial yesterday in the United
Shates District Court Dasha and
Dempsey entered pleas of guilty and
were ordered to appear for sentence, on
Saturday morning. y •
The indictment .charges the defend
ants with having entered into a con
spiracy to' land Chinese illegally into
the. United States. The trial, of Lee
LIm was postponed until April 15 on
account of the absence-of- Samuel M.
Shortridge, counsel for the defendant.
This is the last of the celebrated
substitution cases, in. which four white
men have been disgraced and which
caused Deputy United States Marshal
William P. Gamble to commit suicide.
Dasha, Dempsey and Horn' Toon were
convicted, of conspiracy on the first In
dictment; Dasha and Dempsey pleaded
guilty to the second and third indict
ments and Wong Din was convicted on
the second indictment. .The prosecution
granted a separate trial to Burnett on
each of the three indictments, but a
nolle prosequi will be entered as to
him, for it is conceded that without his
testimony convictions might not have
been obtained. .
The maximum penalty on each charge
of conspiracy is two years imprison
ment in the State penitentiary and a
fine of $10,000. As there is some doubt
whether the indictments do not refer
to» one and the same conspiracy, it is
unlikely that the full penalty will be
exacted. A sentence of six months im
prisonment, in the County Jail was all
that was imposed by Judge de Haven
upon Wong Din for substituting Ma
Wants Theaters Fumlzated.
Health Officer Ragan yesterday sent
out notices to the managers and own
ers of the various theaters and halls
directing them to fumigate such places
to prevent the possible spread of dis
eases. It is suggested that a formalin
lamp be burned after the dismissal of
the audience, so that germs may be
destroyed. Requests were also sent to
the street railway companies to fumi
gate their cars.
The various applications for the pros
pective vacancy in the principalship of
the Girls' High School due to the an
nounced intentic-n of Elisha Brooks to
resign were taken under advisement
by the Board of Educatjon yesterday.
In addition to those already mentioned
for the place, E. M. Cox, supervising
principal of the Santa Rosa public
schools, .filed an application for the po
sition. Dr. J. J. Gallagher and Pro
fessor. A. W. Scott, principal of the
Alameda High School, also submitted,
their credentials. R. D. Faulkner, J.
M. Armstrong and Mary Prag are as
pirants for the place, but the selection
probably will not be made until next
June. -
Leaves of absence were granted to
Miss Mary E. Hull, Mrs. Mary Belding,
Miss Rose Fay and Miss J. A. Bigley.
The resignation of Viva B. McArthur
as a teacher in the Humboldt Even-
Ing High Scho6l was accepted and F.
L. Fenton was appointed to the va
cancy. ¦
The resignation of Mary Van Am
ringe as stenographer was accepted and
resolutions commending her faithful
service were adopted-
The board took under advisement the
city architect's recommendation that
the roof of the Mission High School
be strengthened.
Superintendent Langdon filed a report
that the exhibit of the work of the
School Department; consisting of 400
bound volumes, had been shipped to the
St. Louis Exposition.
The Superintendent has sent out ex
aminations as tests of efficiency and
not for promotion in arithmetic, geog
raphy and spelling to all schools, and,
the returns show a very high standard'
erf excellence in the ; studies.
The following certificates were
granted:
Grammar cchool— Mispes Kathryn Lindsay,
Sarah A. Lanffdon, Edith Llndqulst, ' Hazel
Brown, Ethel Irene Brown, Martha Clark, Mrs.
Zenoma Gray Crlttenden, Mi8ses Harriet A.
Fish and Margaret McDonald. • ' ;
Special domestic science (cookery) — Miss Jes
sl© Narclsso Paulsell, Mrs: Lena Reinsteln Eis
ner.
Special stenography, and typewriting — Misses
Berdie Jacobson and Helen C. H. Nesfield.
Special music — Misses Blanche Price, Mary'
E. Walsh and Effle E. Smith. .
Special deaf and dumb — Misses Ina Maud
Applegarth and Ina M. Smith.
Special iron work — Holland E. Peirce. ; : :%/•-.
High School certificate renewed — Miss ! Janet
Wade. . . t
Grammar grade ¦ certificates renewed — Misrf
Catherine L. Gorhanv Miss J. A. Clayton and
J. A. Lenahan. .
Primary certificate — Miss Margaret McDon
ald. ¦ - •
' Special certificates renewed — Bookkeeping;
Mr.?. A. J. Meussdorffer; German, Mrs. Francis
Prill. . :
Permanent Grammar School certificate — Miss
Roae F. Lewis. .
Permanent special certificate In penmanship-
Mies L. E. Freese. . v v : \. •
Commissioner of Works Woodward
and Assistant City Engineer Marser
held a conference yesterday regarding
the claims for damages filed by owners
of property in the vicinity of streets on
Parnassus Heights and other localities,
the grades of which have been ordered
to be changed by formal resolution.
The two officials named agreed that
{he existing ordinance, based on the
provisions of the charter requiring
damages to be assessed and paid by
those benefiting by the change before
the actual improvement is commenced,
should be repealed, or at least modi
fied, as it works a hardship.
As it is now the grade change is only
ordered on paper and yet damage
claims must be paid before the damage
has really been done.
Woodward stated that the ordinance
is absurd because, though the gra3e
changes are officially ordered, they
may not be carried out for five or ten
years and perhaps not at all He
instanced one case in point of a prop
erty owner who filed a damage claim
of $4000 on account^of certain grade
changes recommended by the Board of
Works and ordered by the Board of
Supervisors.
"This man. under the law, must be
paid the 54000." he said. "Now, should
it be determined to carry on the actual
change of grade at some future time,
together with the sewering and paving
of the street, this man could, according
to the law, refuse to pay for his share
of the work because the cost is In ex
cess of half the value of his property.
The need of amending the ordinance «s
apparent."
Annie Meehan" declares she Is?, the
mother of JVIary Ellen Farrier, : with
whom ; she was ] arrested ; last Thursday
for, assaulting a ; Berkeley, lady who. de
clined . tot. give J the v duo : , moneys/when
they accosted her; on-rMIpsion street.; It
has also, been ; ascertained j that : the two
defendants , are old offenders. > Previous
arrests for. vagrancy have been ' proved
Patrick Carbine says he is a tailor,
but the< police have him registered as
a chronic vagrant. He resides at Third
and Howard streets when he is sober,
and when he imbibes strong waters he
wandeps northward until he arrives at
Kearny and Sacramento streets, where
he indulges in a copious outpouring of
unsolicited rhetoric. His strident tones
were frightening , horses last Wednes
day evening; when a policeman
quenched them by. grasping his throat
and thus escorting him : to the Hall of
Justice, where he spent the night - in a
"tank" and vociferous soliloquy. '. j
. "You must curb your oratorical Pe
gasus when '.. you , come north of '¦'¦ the
slot," said ; Judge Mogan to Mr. 1 Car
bine, "for your extempore .'exhortations
are not' needed at this; end of town.
After you . have spent '» another day In
prison you will be .at liberty to return
to your southern home."..; ; : .. \
•• * •
At the expiration of his twelve
months' Imprisonment in this city
Michael Johnson, who enslaved his
young wife, is likely to be escorted
to Oakland and tried on a felony charge
there. A transcript of the testimony
which secured his conviction before
Judge Mogan is now being made, and
it will be sent to the District Attorney
of Alameda County with certain state
ments marked for the guidance of that
official. Among other things of. which
he will be asked to take cognizance is
the wife's assertion that Johnson placed
her in an immoral house in Oakland
and was supported by her earnings
therein. The man dwelt on this 'side
of the bay, but as that particular act
of his generally infamous treatment of
his wife was committed in Oakland he
cannot be tried for it here.
Johnson is now under a six .months'
sentence for carrying concealed weap
ons, and Judge Mogan will probably
place him under a 55000 bond to keep
the peace. If he fails to find good and
sufficient sureties for that amount he
must spend an additional half wear in
jail.
William Moore, charged with as
saulting Mrs. Rose Coyne in her dwell
ing on Tehama street, was held by
Judge Mogan in 52000 bonds to answer
before the Superior Court.
For cpnducting a lottery place at 927
Market street Charles Hutchings was
fined $100 by Judge Fritz.
Thirteen Chinese lottery players were
fined $10 apiece by Judge. Conlan and
thereupon the entire baker's dozen
simultaneously began an Interchange
of jabber that drowned every other
sound in the courtroom.
"Hush!" commanded the bailiff. "Let
up on that!" growled the clerk. "Stop
It!" shouted the Judge. But the din
continued until the bench stuffed Its
ears with index fingers and yelled:
"Ten dollars apiece for contempt of
court, and I'll keep piling on 510 a sec
ond until this uproar subsides!"
The subsidence was Instantaneous
and complete. Without further pro
test the unhappy thirteen paid their $20
apiece in silence and crept away on
tiptoe.
Morris Church was convicted on four
charges of petty larceny and Judge
Fritz will sentence him to-morrow.'
Morris stole three cameras from Lewis
C Rea, a typewriter .from Alfred Wil
liams. $20 in cash from R. A. Leet &
Co. and a kodak from R. A. Batemen.
who fought with fists only,, and when
two policemen butted .into the conflict
the I atmosphere was animate with
hurtling glass receptacles of beer and
other beverages. Out of the confused
heap of combatants the officers man
aged to extract Edward Kenny, Cas
tigllo Gognozio and Louis Orlando, and
the trio were arraigned before Judge
Mogan for disturbing the peace. When
it was explained that the /battle was
started by Signor Orlando maliciously
throwing a bottle at one of his com
patriots and through faulty marks
manship maiming an American em
ploye of th*.. Union Iron Works., the
court dismissed Kenny and fined the
two children of Italia $5 apiece.
In a racial war at Fourth and,Keaf
ny streets last Wednesday evening the
Italian adults hurled empty bottles at
tbeir youthful American opponents.
"Well, after demonstrating the value
of the. article the clamor for it became
so strong that" '<Si&3SB8Sm
: "You quelled the clamor by taking
all the money you' could get, eh?"
Mr. Pettit reluctantly admitted that
such had been his practice. Then he
Vas remanded for further investiga
tion.
"The policeman says you were selling
some kind of a scissors sharpening de
vice," remarked the Judge.
"Ah! that's where the officer was
mistaken. I don't sell the sharpener,
but simply demonstrate its use with a
view to advertising it. It's a 'most re
markable Invention. You see, it
sharpens"— —
"Never . mind about that," was the
judicial interruption. "The officer
says you offered to sell and did sell the
sharpeners for 15 cents apiece. Is that
true?"
"William Pettit, a dapper little man,
with gray hair and mustache, declared
In presence of Judge Mogan that hi3
arrest at Market and Second streets
was an outrage because he was neither
hawking without a license nor ob
structing the thoroughfare:
"The officers have not eonvinced-me
that you Were guilty of playing craps,
but from w^hat they, have said about
your performance on the piano I think
they would have been justified in ar
resting you for disturbing the peace."
After hearing the policemen's testir
mony and patiently listening to a most
labored defense in behalf of each in
dividual defendant Judge Cabanis3
fined Green and Edward 55 apiece and
dismissed "Nervy Bill" and Pianist
Nunn. Then to the latter person he
said:
At the pianoforte presided a gentle
man named George Nunn, and out of
the instrument he thumped a series of
sounds which a mind attuned to music
might possibly interpret as "Bedelia"
In quickstep time and with weird varia
tions. From a rear apartment were oc
casionally wafted such exclamations
a? "Come, eleben!" "Li'l Joe!" "Oxford
ties fo' my baby!" "Cross de ribber fo'
mo* money!" and other phrases per
taining to the technique of craps, in
terspersed • with sharp detonations
created by pressing thumb against mid
dle finger and then suddenly releasing
the pressure with sliding motion. It
needed only optical corroboratlon to
warrant the" disguised sleuths to act,
and that they obtained by suddenly
dashing into the back room. There
they saw James Green and Edward
Mouton "chucking the bones." Arrest
of. Green, Edward, "Nervy Bill" and
Virtuoso Nunn.
The officers told of how. they had re
ceived a tip that the seductive "come
seven" was a favorite pastime of
"Nervy Bill's" patrons, and of how they
acted in accordance with that informa
tion. Attiring themselves in plain
garments they sauntered Into, thf:
saloon with the air of men upon whose
hands time was hanging very heavily,
and one of them yawningly proposed
to the other that they indulge in a
game of freeze-out for drinks. Never
suspecting the identity of his visitors
"Nervy Bill" gave them a pack of cards
and a boxful of celluloid disks and
with customary politeness escorted
them to a baize-covered table. Then?
they sat, seemingly oblivious of their
environment, but really with ears and
eyes alive to everything that was done
or said around them.
"Nervy Bill's Exchange," at 212
Townsend street, is much frequented
by certain colored gentlemen employed
to the dining and sleeping car service
of the Southern Pacific Company while
they are off duty. ' They favor the
place with their presence because its
proprietor is an Afro-American of ex
cellent business and social standing
and because he personally sees .to it
that their visits are made as pleasant
as possible. For their entertainment
he maintains a piano with that peculiar
tinpanny tone which gives such charm
to the playing of ragtime, and he has
card tables with all the appurtenances
thereto essential to freeze-out or crib
bage. Craps he frowns upon and
strictly prohibits because it is an un
lawful game, yet it was on a charge
of shooting craps that he and three
of his customers were arraigned before
Police Judge Cabanlss yesterday on
complaint of Patrolmen Porter and
Nyhan.
The wet-goods emporium called
Public Works' Officials Say
the Law oh Street Grade
Changes Works a Hardship
He and Dempsey Enter Plea
of Guilty to the Third
Charge of Conspi racy
Another Candidate Appears
for Prospective Vacancy
in the Girls' High School
The Election Commission yesterday
adopted a resolution directing the
Registrar to deliver demands for elec
tion officers only to such persons who
performed the duties thereof. Knowl
tiige had come to the board that cer-
Lalo persons have secured assignments
ot warrants trom election officers prior
to Ihe completion of their services. The
resolution rOoStes that "'this system of
ndva;;ci;ig money has b?en productive
¦ ; dlsKfpattoii and nefe-lect" and the
-Auditnr will be asked to co-operate in
bxTaiktrs PP what is regarded as a per
ni<j.a.s practice.
T!:e petition of the Fourth Conpres-
Fi<>ral Disrtrjct Committee, signed by
Louis H. Anderson, chairman, and
Martin JOIly. secretary, and another
!-ipi:ed by Maurice L. Asher. chairman.
. and P. J. Haskins. secretary, for a
;>ia< p om the ofllciaJ primary ballot
«er* received and the pptitioners wer^
imufipd to appear next Tuesday night
and urosent their claims.
Martin Kelly's petition asks for 25<>
•:• legate* and the other faction asks
for only OS delegates to the Con^res
eional convention.
. Thf Justices of the Peace were in
" vitfd •- appear on Tuesday night an-J
• xplain their reasons why an election
for Justices of the Peace should not
b° hold this year, the commission hav
:r.gr decided to hold such election.
The petitions certified to by the Sec
retary of State of the Republican,
Democratic and Prohibition parties.
¦ hir-h have been duly authenticated by
• • poverning committees of the par
lk», were received and the Registrar
.*mm directed to place them on the of
wiBl baliot for the primary election to
be held Tuesday. May 3.
It was resolved that all political par
ties and individuals taking advantaR^
of the law permitting the use of pas
t>rs be required to adopt a uniform
color, size and type, a sample of which
mpy be procured at the office of the
Registrar.
The commission nerepted the bids of
Brown & Power for the printing of
y.'.QM official ballots for the primary
etectlGn at 5S8 SS, for furnishing en
velopes at $68 87 and poll and tally lists
at $27R 75. F. A. Anderson was award
ed the contract for erecting election
booths at $1 55 each and H. R. Terry
received the contract to furnish lamps
end chairs at $4 74 for each booth.
Th<> commission extended the ap
pointment of twenty warehouse men
f«r a period of ten days.
Ten deputy ' Registrars were reap
pointed for a period not to exceed
thirty days.
The list of election officers for the
primary election was approved.
Election Commisioners Will
Break Up System of Pur
chase of Salary Demands
TURLOCK IRRIGATION' >V
BOARD -NAMES COMMITTEE
Insidiously Gain the Confidence of "Nervy Bill," Caterer
to Colored Gentlemen, and Thus Obtain Evidence Which
Convicts Two Playersof the Seductive "Chuck the Bone'»
NO SELECTION
OF PRINCIPAL
DASHA THROWS
UP THE SPONGE
WOULD AMEND
AN ORDINANCE
TO STOP SALE
OF WARRANTS
PLAIN-CLOTHES SLEUTHS
NAB SHOOTERS OF CRAPS
Foo, a Chinese, with Expressman Duf
fy in Brown's photograph gallery
about a year ago. It is believed that
Dasha and Dempsey pleaded guilty
and thereby saved considerable time is
the Government because they hoped by
so doing to mitigate the penalty.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', FRIDAY, APRIL 8, 1904.
11
BEG AL SHOES.
J^egal Shoes hold their Ji^
They ought to. Costs JOjfjjm
us$12,000 a year just to Mm^mi
take the "stretch" out of the
leather in the making of them. g^^^S^^^^B
That's only one of the extra ®^^^S^K^^
operations that go into Regals.
There's more hand-work
"bench-made" shoe, — i^^^^^^^^^r
machine-work used M^^gr^j^^^^QT tannery
only where it's alto- B^^^^^^^r TO
gether better than l^^^^P^ wearer
hand- work, and each "-- Sa*2 C{1
pair put through all the "^O C O^
processes -tog e the r,
rights and lefts. Other $3.50 shoes are seldom " mates."
Send for Style Book. Mail orders promptly filled.
There are 72 .Regal' Stores.. 22, of jthenv in 'Greater New York, where the
styles originate. The new styles are. on sale at our San Francisco Store. at
the same time as in the New; York Stores.
San Francisco Store, . Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.
FREE! FREE! FREE!
"MGHTXIXG BREAD KNTFE"
(Patented.) '
A nsefnl hodsehold article. One
of these premiums free to each
Wont Advertiser in
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALIi.
¦ . . ADVERTISEMENTS. . , : \ -
<S&2 JBg^^-Zm I r -^-i^^^^^rrC. fr t '"' f 'j v^^^/'^^^^^fe^ It is to these girls that Mrs. Pinkhanj holds out a helping hand, and extends a cordial invitation lll(Lnn^JSLL^ I ill
>3)*5L/BF K^Y /^~r Jam a* H^ r^«~w C tfiiilLtH/^ ' to correspond with her. Her long record of success in treating woman's ills makes her letters of If///////// "ia^^^^^K/iv'/ / WW*S§£
|jm«<<<((mfjy&7v, r •7^1iiii§3& advice of untold value to every ailing working girl, and from her wide experience and skill she quickly Ji !!l l$m%&EBfflrl4<£K! 1 1 V/7^ts£
S(!I«i^iib™^r^^^^^a Addres^ivirsf Pinkhiim; Lynn, Mass. 1S 13on't put of f writing her until your health is wrecked.^ C " / ]l J^^^S / 1/MJ / W//M I
f*\ .--» Sv^^r^iy^^y° C^^^ 'f J J*$£m3 Among 1 this class the symptoms of female diseases are early manifest by weak and aching backs, pain in the it I I irnfv^^^^^^aj^/ iWk
\\ \^y$tf$~&^lX(/^" ij0 °'ll ( lower limbs and lower part of the stomach; in consequence of frequent wetting of the feet monthly periods // '/ l'IMy/^ft^(^^Mj. ' Jflmk
§3& mIII^^^^VC^^^'^vL illy Grateful Words from Working Girls Who Have Been .Helped. '/^^^^^^^^i //
ISj^^a ferv5?*->?5 liP/^j| Co 0 o'lrPo •°^%&@ra^»^4 iF^^^^dsSfilr " * w i sn . to thank you for the wonderful cure you have discovered ." Seeing 1 so many -women and girls being helped by your medi« I | yp^Lf / /
J!kV^<£ili| r*®^-^*L^lB I f^° ° : 0 ° j f\&l§g&'X£ Jfjf Br">T^^^^^^'*^^r * or sn^ crin i^ girls. * I am a working" girl and do not believe there cine I thought I would try it. I was very irregular in regard to / IK r^jrfj lJ?^^^[^^^ftA^^fyfr\ j |
JpS&?i IXS^rH^r*^) I f^tP 0 % o e /vto^^MjCToSt n >^r)i/7**/^2§r * s a £* r * °* m^ a^ e * n c coun *- r y "vrho has suffered more than I menstruation, and had had no menses for four months. I // jT i j /ylJr/^^^i^M/j^^^^^M I f
|L*w wfe^'J^ (?liiksil$S f $['* £*&$& "Although ever so many physicians with their various remedies myself without going to a doctor. One bottle gave mo great relief, 'j f^L lylujjijf^^^^^^^^l I II
» -T5^T\ •^'St(Ki [to'jC' ff y^v^t^S^l #|| £§§;£$ it seemed as though there wns no help for me, until I was finally '• I will never be without Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable i fr4(^n~^h'9 /WwlroSBgJiM ///
fcSJ/^^y. M if 'l$^r'§S?sf /il £§3P*$7 persuaded to try _Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. Compound, as I know I would not be working to-day if I had I 1/ j jjnL jtlW ]&&S&BbO§MEr / «
I^^r— •».'\ / f^^ff/ /// W^^j^M B[l fcSw^J "^ t worked like mapic, for I had scarcely finished the second not used your medicine." — Miss Lait.a Riess, Standard Tea & I. J I t Ilil {ifl-pffksBSSSBSSS^S'i'
I M?J\* '^ /"*>T if' Ml93 E ' 1>AULS0N ' A™el, Hoboken, N.J. LTb ° n ' LYDIA E. PI^KililM'F\TEliETAJ5LE COMPOUND. 1 1 { 1 I ff / //the San francisco; call,; friday. April s, 1904.
12
CLAIRVOYANTS Continued.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st., cor. Turk: private readings daily, 10 a.
in. to 5 p. m.; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered. $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date of year
ibf hirth: don't send currency; send postoffice,
Wells-Fargo money order or" registered letter.
Mrs.A.H. Kronenberg.palmlst, clairvoyant, card
. - reader ;when others fail try me; good readings
10c. 721 Franklin.nr.G.G.ave. Tel. Larkla 4207.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2GV* Kearny, room 20; ladles. 25e; gents, 50c.
MME. LOVON'IA. clairvoyant, palmist — Read-
Ir.gs this week 25c. 4CS Jessie at., nr. Sixth.
MME. JIARSEAU, card reader: ladles. 25c;
gents, 50c; hours. 10 to 9. 120 Sixth st.
MIES WARD gives names, dates and facts;
readings daily; not open Sunday. 917 Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23% Cth; 1. 25c, g. 60*.
MRS. BAUMANN. the weli-known fortuna-
t*ller. la now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
' tings dally. 44STfr Jessie st.. bet. 6th and 6th.
EDUCATIONAL.
AT home in our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful placs or business
study in the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough. Inspiring
Instruction. 75- page catalogue on request.
j CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 901-
'81I5 Oolden Gate ave. :"..-•:
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket fct.: established IS years; the school that
secures positions 'or graduates; Just added 23
new typewriters: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue fr<*».
LEARN SPANISH in 2 months; classes In
French and Spanish $5 a month.
B. F. AMES. Teacher of Languages,
¦ 2CS Golden Gate ave.. cor. Hyde st.
A LARGER and. better school than ever; enter
at once li you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand, Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev. ; est. 1964. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs., Sat. and 'Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
Schcol cf Dancing, 15»C Market, nr. Larkin. ¦
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1382 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College ;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth..
spelling, writing, etc: day eve. ; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&Electrlclty. 24 Post
St.. S. F. : a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment- Special catalogue free.
SPANISH — A practical 'and progressive meth-
od. RAFAEL SERRANO." 530 California, r.4.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
mandolin club $1 per mo. 823 Halght st.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION —Day "¦ and
PARTINOTON'S, 424 Pine st. — Night claaa.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixlh.
EMPLOYMENT
G^OR^E^^OKTr^TposTst.: tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; ¦ fur-
nishes best help: contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanesp-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
SCANDINAVIAN* Female Employment Bureau.
504 Kearny st.. room 3; phone Black 4458. _
FRITZ'S Emu. Office/ Japanese and Chinese
help.' 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1OTT. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAVTECU-FEMALB. i
A COMPETENT woman wants sweeping,
cleaning or washing by the day. Call or ad-
dress MRS. L. LEECH, US Sixth at., Bruns-
wick House.
POSITION 'wanted, for. light work from 0 a. m.
to 0 p. m. ; carlns for children preferred.
Box 1225. Call office.
A FIRST-CLAPS laundress and housecleaner.
wants - work by the day; reference*. 'Box
124D. Call office.
YOUNG Finnish girl wishes situation; gen-
. eral housework. • 322 Fremont ¦ tt.
POSITION as cash sir!. 1018 Market st.
A' 'WOMAN wants work by the day or chamber-
-' work. 7 Call 571 Natoma st. • ¦
JEWISH lady, would like a situation as cook
: In a' private family. Box 1212 Call office.
PLACE, wanted by a sood capable woman . in
a. small family: small wash; no objection to
-. short, distance across bay. 5Ti 1 ,i Howard st.
A GIRL would like a situation as cook and
downstairs work. - S09 Thirteenth st., corner
of Steiner. ----- - - ¦ •
STENOGRAPHER, with some experience, d>.
Hires position: $20 to start. Address box 8,
Cail Branch. 106 Eleventh Rt.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants situation to do
• housework and plain " cookine: wages" $25.
~ : Call. 370 'Fifth st.. near ;IIarrison._
YOUNG 'German: girl wants position as, second
girl or chambermaid in- privates family. Bos
j 1223. Call office. . -
RELIABLE woman want* work .by the day;
washing; and, housecleanlnp; no postals. 1541
: .\ Bryant; ave. corner Fifteenth st.
COMPETENT; German woman wants washing
-and ironing- by the day; Atonriays or Tues-
-. days. ' 1203:' Vallejo at.; no postals .'¦ \
i.onr;i\e; hoiisks fob .s\i.f: — row.
MARION' GRIFFIN.
400 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black 3007, or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
CLEAN; 10 rooms; h furnished; rent $40; in-
come $70; urice $:J00; sunny, side of street;
near Van Ness ave.
See MARION' GRIFFIN.
ULTRA fashionable private boarding-house; 20
rooms; most expensively furnished; large
grounds; clears $154 monthly.
-_^ See MARION GRIFFIN.
ONLY $00 rent; 20 rooms for $120t;; 1-3 down
and little monthly installments: rent $S0.
MARION GRIFKIN, r. 400, Examiner bid.
TWO 40-room houses, one north, one south:
each clears *162 per month; offer wanted.
Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW and modern house of 00 rooms; 8-year
lease; eltctric elevator; hot . and cold
water; brass beds; 'fine carpets; oak
furniture; high-class business.
Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
LANDLADY, you would only care for the
wide, tunny halls in this 33-room
house; all 3-room suites, newly fur-
nished; price onlv $1600. It's a bar-
gain. . . See MARION GRIFFIN.
ASK MARION GRIFFIN
For "permit to inspect" the 53-room house,
reduced to $1000: newly painted; well fur-
nished; 27 bay-windows; 6-year lease; quiet;
respectable; terms half cash; clears exactly
$17<j monthly. v
HOTEL FOR ARISTOCRATIC FAMILIES:
very select; well - established; richly fur-
nished: splendid corner; over 100 rooms; ab-
solutely clears JCOOO yearly; see my only
agent :
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406. Examiner bid.
TRANSIENT houses lor sale by M. GRIFFIN.
S r. ; new fur.; rent $30; ICO down: $400.
23 r.; 1 block n. of Market; owner sick;
make oITct.
24 r.; 1 block s. of Market; easy terms.
45 r. ; central; 5-year lease; clears $300 mo.
21 r. ; very richly furnished; a mint.
14 r. ; near Union Square; a fine house.
NOW IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY
ilf you profit by it. at once). to purchase the
finest 100 - room apartment - house in San
Francisco; the. price is nominal for such a
house; nxceptionally well located; beautifully
furnished throughout; long lease at $5 per
:oom; the very best bargain, which we shall
prove to you If you will investigate."
MARION GRIFFIN, r. .40ti. Examiner bid.
H. C. DECKER PHONE JOHN 531
006 Market St., Corner Stockton, Opp. Fourth.
Headquarters for Rooming Houses,
Twenty-eight Years in Business in This City.
Money to Loan on Any House.
MY MOTTO:
Square Dealing. Easy Terms. Clear Titles.
SEE M/T BARGAINS.
14-room house; clears $80. $600
10-room corner. Hat. ...' .$550
40 rocms: c!earsi$250; payments... ... .$3200
lS-room transient: must sell $1200
7 rooms; only $150 cash $250
fi rooms: on O'Farrell St.; new $t>0O
100 rooms: first floor: offices; clears $300.$7500
25 rooms; exchange for small house.... {2500
32 rooms; clears - $200. $3100
30 rooms: fine corner. .:...; :......$320O
«i5-rcom hotel; rent $200 ' $3000
45 rooms; grand sunny corner.. $4500
35 rooms: country hotel and bar $2500
170-room hotel and bar.. .$2S0O
100 other houses from... $100 to $20,000
H. C. -DECKER. 906 Market st.
SPECIAXr-$600; 28 furnished rooms, all full,
in the finest location In Point Richmond. Ap-
p!y to J. MURRAY, box 66. ¦Point Richmond.
LODGI.VG-IIOUSES \VA\TED.
WANTED — Lodging-house of about 25 rooms,
well hirnished. Box 4245. Call office.
CARPET ;^ATlXG^Ayp . CLEAWIXP.
COMPRE s-SED air and .; va cunT^syBtem i " now
universally used in ' cleaning »¦ carpets on
floor: without removal; price moderate- S.
F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. 30S Mar-
ket St.; tel. Main 152. Bush 479..
WHEN you become disgusted • with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Work«. 555-357 Teha ma st.: tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth' St.. clean-
/ Ing & laying done reasonably. Tel.Mlsslon 71."
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rlson st.: Al cleaning: 3c. v.Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior - Carpet-beating Worts,
.333 Goldrn Gate ave.: telephone East 128.
HOPKE BHOS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tretsts made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
'el. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet- beating works; prices
reascnanle. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 283..
BAD tenants ejected: for $1; collections made;
. .- city, or country.. Pacific, Collection Co.. 4.15
Montgomery rnnrnu, 9-10: tel Main" 86*0.'
CI.OTHIHO araiCOVATIlTCr.
SUITS cleaned and 'pressed, $1;,, scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche,;40 Ellis st., room 14;
'..' phone , Drumm 44.'' • Call : for and > deliver free.
CUBES »PPTXTEB.
WHO? — Hunter, 1206 Market st. ; $100; rupture
cure tor $10; circular explains; sefu for one.
SHH9HB^BBBBHIBBb1HBHB B&niHiC£Gl
COTTAGES TO LET.
DOLORES St., cor. Cumberland, near Twen-
tieth — Lovely sunny cottage, C rooms, bath;
$'.>2 CO. , .
COR. Dotores and Cumberland, near 20th—
Call for demonstration Tel. Jessie 3006.
CBEDIT_ CLOTHIE33. J
C Fr~AD~AMS CO.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes: everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit Tor all. 31S Mason st.
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS, 516 Callaghan bldg.. Market and
McAllister sts., uses the Baaford obtunder;
the only device ever Invented for grinding,
drilling and excavating u-eth without palii.
Call for demonstration. Tel. Jessie 360G.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW platen — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 50; fillings. 59c:
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Der.tal Parlors, 24 Sixth.
ELITE Dental Parlors. 83S Market St.; best,
and cheapest office for all dental operations.
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings.25c
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dent!st.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'FarrelL
DR. H. G. YOUNG— Bridges and teeth with-
out plates specialty. 1841 Polk st.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver. S5c: crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
URESSMAKERS AM) SEAMSTIIESSES
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting; double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery Sehool —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1010 Mkt.
SPIRITUALISM. .
Mrs, Dr. Martin, wonderful spiritual healer and
business medium; readings daily. $1; develop-
lng class Thurs.S p.m. 1006B Golden Gate ave.
MRS. LESTER'S test circle 8 p. m.. 10c; read-
ings dally, 25c and 50c. 122 Taylor st.
A MATERIALIZING seance Friday and Sun-
day evenings. 328 Ellis at. ; 50 cts.
MME. LUCRETIA. spirit medium; circles
every evening; hours 10 to 5. 148 6th, r. 1.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings daily.
9:30 to 4; stances Sunday and Thursday.-
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer.' 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott SS7.
CLAIRVOYANTS. *
THE FUTURE REVEALED.
THE PAST DISCLOSED.
THE PRESENT ANALYZED
BY LIVINGSTONE.
428 Eddy st.
PROF. LIVINGSTONES readings are like
a living page of Flammarlon's treatises that
is so electrifying the world to-day. HE IS
NO IMITATOR. His work Is upon original
lines; PURE THOUGHT. CLEAK • VISION.
He TELLS YOU WHAT YOU DESIRK TO
KNOW, AND WORKS IN THE OPEN
LIGHT, AND IS AS CONSPICUOUS FOR
ITS -WONDERFUL- OCCULT ANALYSIS AS
IT IS FOR ITS ORIGINAL EXPRESSION
AND VIVID TRUTHFULNESS.
.iA'test reading is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. V LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full life reading for $1. A test is
of little value when the mind is troubled —
you need more substantial aid and advice.
This is just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE
gives you when you call on him for a first-
class clairvoyant reading.. He asks yAu no
questions, but tells you what, you wish to
know. : :
He does not mention all the ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with tho facts in your case. Let- PROF. I
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
; troubling you, find the, cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy.
Remember the number — 428 EDDY ST.
. Hours, 10 a. m. .ta 8 p. m.
ASSURED success for you. . i ,
Call at once and save $4. '¦
His famous $5 reading this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 . $1 $1
No charge No charge -
. Unless you obtain -the Information " for v
which you consult lilm. •
PAUL DESTINE.
The . first registered -trance clairvoyant . and
¦ . » palmist : ever . In . San Francisco.
. Read carefully. ¦ . An honest proposition. .
(You to be full judge.), .- . . ••*
I 1 do hereby solemnly .agree and guarantee to
make no charge If r fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for;' I tell you if
husband, wife "or 'lover :¦ Is true - or false: who
and when you will marry; how to-galn the love
of the one you d»slre; "in fact," I willtell you
every: hope, fear or: ambition better :, than you
can tell yourself: his advice is reliable, his pow-
ers are wonderful - and Indisputable: he Im-
proves your character so that you will -reach
the highest /possible * development In mental
vigor, health, happiness, and capacity .to earn
wealth: ¦-¦the controlling power Implanted ; In
ycur nature, so you can change. the Intentions,
actions ' or bablta of any one secretly: cures
disease and lost vitality: gives advice on min-
ing, and burled treasures; gives you success In
life; . he guarantees you , succees or •, charges
nothing for '."his services. >.:
¦ 10 a.-m.~to 8>r.-'.m.: Sundays. 2 to fl.
328 — O'Farrell street— 326.
A— Mis* M. Wllle. 460 Geary, clairvoyant, crys-
tal seer and life reader, wilt tell you exactly;
what' you called for without asking a ques-
tion: names given: special. $1; hours -10 to 8.^
A— MME, BERNARD reads your life correctly;
. advice given on all- affairs of -life;; satisfac-
tion guaranteed; 25c ¦ up. 17 3d. next Exam.-
MISS ZEMDAR.vjoung; gifted clalr. and palm.;
. • has ;.§econd ' eight; a • wonderful ( prophetess;
,- names'. .1. 50c. g.$i.'' 711 Franklin.nr.G.G.ave.
MME.RA VENN A, formerly 5 4th st-Vreads life;
business - advice: names given; readings COo I
; week. Offices S3D Howard, bet. 4th and 5th.
| T?tTSIXKSS CHANCES Cnnllnaed.
A— K>(<>; saloon, cics»- tc. Mason and liarkrt:
rejit flic, a place eMaliltshf-ii years and d^inj
* tirst-oless ;)a>l:iR buthit! 1 *: value in sight.
j Soe R. G. WlLKt:. 20 "i ' Kearny.
' A — ff"O; raloon on 4th st.. surrounded by facto-
rit-s. kept by owner «• joart: only i.vsuii tor
mfttfng, ownt-r a««-!>tr<i i>csition ia mine; liv-
ing rooms. II. <J. WILKK. 2l!?i Kearny 'tt.
A— *.'5-j(>; <<>rr.er saloon on water front; tent
$!SU: good itas»; place <'stablish<"<l yt-ars; in
large brick building and doing an Al bust*
n<^s; disagreement cf partner^ only cause of
i*ai«-. ' K. «. WILKE. 2tiV».Keatny si.
A $^(«X» DRl'STORli close to Call buiiulng:
tstab. IS years; well payiug; value ia stocK:
a very tare »hanw lor goud .Jrussitl. See
R. O. WILKE. 2«V4 Kearny st.
A— fSliOO— CORNliR saloon: cloM to Call bldff.
3 > ears' lt-ase; net itnt fl'JC; this Is one of
j the be*t saloon locations in this cily. and
i a live man can clear $r>l«O per month. Call
R. O. WILKE. 'MM Kearoy *t.
A— JsOu— HOADHOCSE, with danct hall, club
and li\lr.K rooms: rent JflU; electric light in-
, ilude<l; 5 years' l.a.-e. Call H. O. WILKE,
2t>4 Kearny st. r
A— flCOO: SALOON and liquor store on Sixth
*t. ; rent Jil); busitM-ss O K, but owner 19 en-
gaged in other business; ciust sell at once.
It. U. WILKE. 'MM Kearny st.
A— $*600; COFKi:E. lea and crockery store; one
cr the leading basinet*** of this kind and in
' ikci.Kt lucMtion in this city; rent $65; all
j cath traot: stock will invoice $<;<JUU; « very
I rare chance. Particulars K. O. WILKE, -'US
Kearry ft.
A — CluCU — ColiXt-K cigar' stand on Kearny:
I rent tSS; lease: a good business: come and
ln\estiit«te. K. O. WILKE. 2«Vi Kearny st.
Al BLOCK uf laud. 300x300; in San Lcandro
uitli huuse of 4 rooms; Income $lt)0 per
year irom fruit; will vxchance for dairy
ianch. Call K. G. WILKE. 20H Kearny st.
A— $fiii*>— COIINEH grocery and bar on Larkin
n.. Joing :< Si> ca>h business; value In
sight; lie»n ilock. nu better location tn this
ilty. See It. G. WILKE. 28H Kearny st.
A— J20TO— tOKFEU ralooa and restaurant on
wateriront, close I* Matktt St.; ;<lace estab-
li'-heii v^ais and well paying; daily receipts
about »U0. Cali J{. G. WILKE. 20^4 Kearny.
A— flllH> — caUK'.V, with 3 rooms: close to
Kiarny «jnd Bush sis: rent $75; lease: place
easily cieais $200 per month: nice fixtures,
tholc**t tto.k of Kouors. All particulars o*
R. G. WILKE. 2CU»'Kearny st.
A— J1V50 — CORNEK grocery and bar on
O'Farr«.ll st.; plan kept by present owners
S ycare and doing a good paying cash busl-
ne**,; insh stock; value in sight. R. G.
"WILKE, M\j Kearny at. '¦''':'
A— JOSO- COItKtfR bakery. with 4 living
rooms; about 2 blocks north of , Market St.;
will be »ai'riDced If scid at once; owners to
leaxe city. Cail R. G. WlLiCE. 26>A Kearny.
A--J75O — CAN1JY store and ke oresm parlor*,
with stationery, etc.. on Devisadero St.; 3
living rooms; n tj.ltndiii location and good
business, tv.-e R. G. WILKE. 204 Kearny.
A— 5-000; COAL, bay and grain yard; on Geary
St.; rent fU), lease; 3 horses. 0 wagons: busl-
ress estab. years: investigate at once; a rare
ctance. Call R. G. WIL2CE. 2t»»4 Kearny st.
A— $1050: COR. saloon with 4 rooms and bath;
rent $50: lease; a first-class paying place In
choicest location: $150 per month clear guar-
ante^d. R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $12«) : COFFEE saloon and • bak-ry In
choicest location; rent ISO: dally receipts
about $;<•: a good business, but sickness of
owner compel; him to retire. Particulars R.
C. WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A— STRANGERS. ATTENTION! — — —
Are you lookicg for a safe and profitable busi-
ness opening In San Francisco? If so, we
can offer you any number requiring an in-
vestment frcm $100 to $50,000; every business
opportunity that passes through our office
must stand the closest investigation, and we
tan place you In a store, factory, hotel, mill,
office, or, in fact any business you may pre-
fer. - • •
' OEKMANIA INVEST CO., 827 Market at._
A— RANK AND COMMERCIAL References.
jGERMANIA INVEST CO., 927 Market st.
JT-wn" \\11j7 furnish you a bond!
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 027 Market st.
A— WE CAN FURNISH YOU aTpARTNErT"
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market St.
A^WE CAN SELL YOUR STOCK.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
A— $100 REWARD - — —
Will be j;aid for legal procf showing that
any person ever lost a Collar who Invested
any money In or through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the lavi-s cl .California.
Capital stock. $30,000.
PI7 Market et.. rooms 321. 322. 323. 324.
A— ONLY HIGH-CLASS INVESTMENTS.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 027 Market st.
A— WE refer to 1000 successful clients.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., J»27 Market stj
JT— A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secure Interest and
office of treasurer In an incorporated realty
and investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured; lilghtft references given and required.
GERMAN I A INVEST CO., 027 Market St.
A— WE CAN SELL TOUR BUSINESS.
_GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market Bt.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION!
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so, we can
furnish you with an active or silent <»artner
wlio will invest from JICO to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable appllcfuits
on our books seeking rood business openings.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. P27 Market st.
A— Largest brokerage company on Pacific Coast.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 927 Market St.
A^ THE BEST INVESTMENT.
10" sliares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co. ?25: will be worth $200 by August, 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 027 .Market st.
a^ coppe'r "stock for sale.
We are offering a great bargain in copper
mining stock, where the investment is safe
and sure to make large profits; the mines
are located in the best cepper district; for a
few days we will offer this stock, par value
SI per share, at 20c on the dollar.
GEKMANIA INVEST CO., 927 Market st.
NOTICE to buyers or sellers: .
For the sale, exchange cr purchase of any
kind of business quick for cash It will. pay
you I" call at our address.
LUNDIN ft CO..'. -
318 Kearny st.
$175— PARTNER wanted with well known and
responsible man In well paying manufactur-
ing business. LUNDIN & CO.. 318 Kearny.
A — OYSTER and chophouse: 14 tables; private
roomy, connected on second floor: elegant har-
raiu: paying business: must be sold: good
lodllty: established 20 years. H. DOYLE.
1C2:I Market si., above Sixth.
J4OQ— BLACKSMITH shop; full ftock of tools
In good country town: fine business: sick-
ness cause of sale. H. DOYLE, 1023 Market.
T. J. DUNN & CO.. ¦
Business Sales Agents.
We have Just opened our new office at room
203. second floor Callaghan building. 1312 Mar-
ktt St.. where we would be pleased to list your
place tor «ale. Having Just started In the busi-
ness we have no list and can therefore give
your t>lace undivided attention.
DAIRY route: near by country town: clears'
$1O« month: only J»00. See T. J. DUNN
A- CO.
GOOD saloon; country town; sales $20 day;
eplendld location: owner sick; $2500. S»e
T. J. DUNN & CO.
CIGAR stand; south Market; $550: Inventory
$350: good buy: rent $25. See T. J. DUNN
& CO.
$200— PARTNER wanted In enterprising busi-
ness- ; t-hort hours; no night or Sunday work:
$20 to $30 a week. 6 Eddy St.. room 2: call
from .11 a. m. to 12 m. and from 3 to 4 p. tn.
DAIRY In northern part of State for sale;
everything complete and has a good trad*:
will allow 15 days' trial for full investlga-
tion. Particulars box 4144. Call office.
I WILL sell my half Interest In a well es-
tablished dyeing and cleaning works, as
other business -calia me away. Addresa for
particulars, box 4063. Call office.
WANTED— A partner with about $2000 In a
manufacturing concern; an article that has
i rood demand on the market. Address box
40S1. Call office.
HAY and grain business for sale: well estab-
lished; good trade; will sell reasonable:, a
good opening for a live man: don't expect
anything for good will. Box 4219. Call.
AN old established . delicacy store on a bust- 1
tness street and near Market: a splendid trade
and cl*arics $175 per month over expensea.
Box 4209. Call office.
FOR SALE: — General merchandise store In
California mining town: -a' rood locality; a
good stock and the best trade of the town.
Address box 4059. Call, office.
DELICACY and restaurant for cale cheap, on
account of departure;, a good . opportunity.
Apply after 9 o'clock 411 Turk st.
FOR sale — Corner saloon: reasonable. Apply
Metropolitan Liquor Co.. 714 Folsom st.
•300— PARTNER: established office paying $100
month e-ach; map to-day. Box 1248. Call.
$525— SALOON with 3 living rooms and bath.
Inquire 400 Brannan st.
SHOE store tor sale. «4 : Sixth st —
THE^G\LL
JOHN D. SPUBCKELS, Proprietor^
iaca tosmganm ta ion
\Y. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ark ror THE CAUL. The Operator WIH Con-
nect You With the DeparUrent You W Ita-
Publication Offic* M;.rk*t «nd Tli'.rd. S. F.
Editorial Koom 217 to 221 Ettveuspn «t.
Delivered by Carriers 20 Ctr. I>r Week. "
CU. Ter Month Single CopK-s !> <-**'?¦ .,.
Ttrm* by Mall. Includms Postage tC&eb
Order) : ,„ -*.
I*AILr CALK <inclu<i. Puniav>. 1 >'»•• • •?* JJV
DAILY CALL <lnelu«l J=unda>>. 6 mo* «« .
I>a;lY CALL — By Sirxie Month *~
H'MiAV CALL 1 Tear -¦*?'
tmCKLY CALX. 1 Year • • A,V~
{Dallv JS SO Per Tear Extra
fXnrtay .4 15 Per Year Kxtra
Weekly. 100 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS AP.E AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Camr-le Copiei will be fornarded »nen re-
guested.
UaJi »ub*criber» in orderlnr change cl na-
<rer* «hcul<l be particular t o give both >EW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
i:cmrt and correct con. i '.lance with their f-
cuen. --- * - .
OAKLAND OFFICE:
Xlle BruaOway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OrFICE:
i\** Center Street Telephone N»rtB «•
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
BAltUEL, W. TV ALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
fnton Muruy liill Hotel; FirtJ»-ave-
t'.t Hotel at.t] Hoffn:aii House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
rn>*r:rsn Hcu*e: P O. Newa Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Treraont House; Auditorium
Hotel: Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATirEt
C. CEORUE KROCNEflv Marquetle Butldln*
<Long Distance Telephone. "Central 261».">
NEW YORIt REPRESENTATIVE.
rTEPKEN B. SMITH -0 Tribune Bulldla*
NEW YORK COHKESPONPENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
EVF'.rcrFS OFFICE of the San Ftand*ro
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
vnv.\ 12 o'clock every niKiit (a the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JVC* Market »t.rect. opposite Fifth; open until
11 P. m
t?~ Montgomery ttreeC corner Clay: cpea
until »-30 p m.
Sf-" l'n>es street: open until 0:30 p. m.
««> McAllister street: cp*-n until 9:30 p. n»-
*>35 l.arkin etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
1S»-S I Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
r_'<l Market «tre«t, corner Sixteenth; open
uctll 9 p. m.
|D« Eleventh ttreet: open until 9 p. m.
Si 1 :*. Valencia street; open until a p. nx.
Ncrthfaet corner Church and Duncan «tre*ti;
otxrj until 9 p. m.
Ncrtliacwat corner of Twenty -second and Ken-
iu?ky streets: open until 8 p. cl
rf'ti Vi'.lmore street: o»>?n until 9 p. nx
MBKT1MS .NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Comn^antSery No. I. K.
T- Ktpuhir aiwmtly THIS (FRI- |Wjf~
1»AYI EVENING at T:"0. Order of £J
Temple All fr«tcn« <_ourteoutly in-
viteo. THOMAS tt. BROWNE,
Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
PACIFIC Loriffe No. 138 F. and A. M . m
rii-e;? THIS t FUIDAVJ EVENING. <Af
~:3» o'clock.' Fir>t Decree. /\r\
OEORUE PENUNOTON. Sec.
SI'^KANZA ITALIANA Lodge No. 21H. »
F. and A M— Third Degree THlsVy
iFSIDAY) CVfNING at 7:^W o'clock. /V\
G. SCALMANINI. Secretary.
AI'OLLO Lodjte No. 123. I. O. O. ..*—.;,,
'• Second I»eerce TIMS i FRI - i8«MSSs
. \V. EVENING. Arril R. at S^.*^-^^-^
o'clock sharp. Visitors verdlallv *%t#$ff~
ir.vted. GHO. C. TEKR1LL. N. G.
V. K. SCOBCROSS. RecorJin? Pecretarj'.
CALIFORNIA Lodre No. !. K. of P..
mccti THIS (FRIDAY* KVEMXO V^>j/
at o'clock. Pioneer buildiae. tt "^^K5
JVurth street. Empire Rank. Vi«-
Itcrt invited.
F. O. MOLL. C C.
R. N McLENNAN. K. rf R. an.1 S.
f AN FRANCISCO Tent No. IS. j£'fr&&>s.
K O T M —Review THIS /GlT— ; -^Si
• rr.iDAY) kvening. at 8 £g3 <6^a
CclocK. Pioneer Hall. 24 C*5>
¦ D. B. RICHARDS.
Record Keeper.
ANNL'AL MEETING— Notice Is l:*ifby piven
that the Feventf-enth annual meeting of :he
Ftock!M->ld<»rs of the ItallanHSwiaa Muua!
Lean Association »i!l bo l»«.>ld at the ornre
Mf thv corpora tif'ti, 5iK Montcomcry Et.. Sjn
Frar.cisco. on WEDNEHUAY. April 13. l'.tO4.
at «;30 p. m.. for thn purpose of elec:itiR
directors for the MMting yoar. presentation
of the seventeenth annual report and *lhe
transaction of such oth<»r busine?? as may
aim before thf me^tins. Borks are BOW
<-pen for the suhs-rir'tlon of HX»f> share* of
*tock Of the c'fMpentli series. I3y order of
the Board of Directori..
A. fcHARHORO. Secretary.
5l"HT do hard work? Do easy work. Toothlra
Co.. 1055 Market St.. near Thirteenth.
l/"w»K — Aprnts S40 to JSH nfr mo.; expenses or
• -•rim.: no oatcli: sure thing. Box \«T-t. Call.
ADvrHTOSEarxjirT jwsxxisa.
HAVING recently a»-qulred throuch exchange
«¦: property three $<0 ocholarships in the bear
•"clitpe ef Advertiiinjr In the United States.
I «i!l m-11 t^enj at 'JZ> ycr cent discount for
«-£«h: th» ccllere teaches advertlsins writ-
ir.f by correspondence and assists its frrad-
i3te» to eecure positions; catalog's fur-
r.;«hKl on eiipMrnfi) n. Adfiress box :;026. <;all
ATTOR\KJS-AT-LAW.
A TRIVATE. «julck tffvorce for a email fe«.
It** tr.e and eav« money; no pay in advance.
G. XV. HOWE. ATTORNET-AT-LAW.
tmbllrhed 22 yr*.; rms. 1. 1". 3. 4 & ft. 1st fl.
5122 Market ft., between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free nil matter*. Detectives employed.
B. W. ICING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bid*..
6th flrxir. entrance room fill; established 20
ytars: all casts, general court and office prac-
tice; r.o frv sn advance or for consultation:
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red. 30t>L
t>l VORCK J12: quirk: quiet; wdvlce free. Uw
and Col'.fct'on <»fflce. 102H Market st.. room
2. bet. Cth and Tth: offl.-c hours II to 4 :«0.
, DIVOr.CE law a. M>erialry: no publicity: advice
•r»e: costs J12. Address B..*..S.. P.O. box 2109.
DIVORCE— Conte. 112; quick. «ju!et; adrlc*
tr*e : open evening*. 827 Market cc. rra. 301.
1- S. CLARK. 927 Market- at.; consultation
'"**: iw fc** lii advance; often evenlnirs.
AtTOMl.IJIlXS.
WILL pay a reasonable price for a second -
band automobile: mutt be in first-class run-
f'T nrdor. Addreys box 401!». Call office.
BP*W3fES» CHANCES.
, $2S<* BUYS half inierest Jn evtabliehed office
pn<1 oommif«|nn burinoss clearing to each
H2S Bfonthly: ezpcrlrae* not required; must
pisf r»frr«»ncrv ; i>ora flde offer. Particulars
at Kft7«i Market m.. room 1.
IWi-CAMjY «n<J Ice cream pnrlor: money
maker: rent ti>; everything complete; fine
l^< nifty crand opportunity. Particulars
JOCTi^ Market *t.. room I.
CIGAlt Hand. Kearny et. ; doing a One buisl-
riHSi, <hrap if sold at once; ao-ount old age.
Ir.'juire JuftTU Market st.. room I.
JISOAND r«»rvices secure* interest in well pay-
ing business: $l.%0 menth guarantr-ed: duties
to manac office end do coHwting. etc. A|>-
Pfy t*t. :» and 11 a. in.. 14 McAllister, r. 10.
A BARGAIN tn the livery busin»es; largest
fcusineMs in Tuolumne; good roads; fine op-
P<jrtunlry for practical liveryman. Box 2001
Call offlie.
FOn -rrnt— Union Meat Market. Twenty-sixth
snd Valencia sts.: tools Included; very rcaEon-
ahlf. Inquire WKSTERN MEAT CO.. Fivth
»i>d Tiintisend *»t*.
ttSTiOO WILL buy 7 yean-' lease, new store and •
fixture*: splendid location for drug etore. I
dry goods Hnd notiont; transfer corner. Ad- •
<lrei» bos 21 «S, Call office.
OH ASP thiK opportunity: llx-ery and hoarding
.-tah|. doing a flourishing business: clearing
S4ii<» monthly: will bear Investigation: flret-
. .-i»n location. HIXKLET. 1U20 Market ht.
Jlffitfi INTEREST In flour mill: Investment
<¦¦•:'< and secure; located in b«st wheat sec-
tion; r^fnonvlble po^liion open with inveet-
rr.'nt. Addrctt box 1133. CaU office.
GOOD hotel In northern part uf California to
lease for a term of years; everything In &o&
t running order. Addresji for particulars, oox
«U9. Call office. *
THE :; L'IGHTNINGJ===i- IT s FRBB TO
¦ oib_ B-lvm ¦ i^Bi^vr-| WANT ADVERTISERS
BREAD AND j #? •• • '.i-N-NEXT. •
'¦¦' CAKE KNlFE, . [====^SUND'AYrS CALL
Offer opens Thursday and closes Saturday at n o'clock p. m., after which hour it
These premiums are offered only to our "WANT AD." patrons and cannot be ob-
LIGHTNING BREAD AND CAKE KNIFE.
(FA.TE3NTE3ID 1897. )
NINE-INCH BLADE OF THE VERY FINEST STEEL.
The wonderful cutting dge of this knife is unequaled by any other bread knife
on the market. It will cut Hot or Cold Bread and Cake, clean and smooth, without
\ tearing or crumbling; also Cold Meats, etc. It has a finely finished tempered steel '
blade and enameled handle. This highly tempered blade keeps sharp longer than the
ordinary style, and when it becomes dull can readily be sharpened in the same manner
. ; a smooth edge.
— USEFUL IN EVERY HOME
You reach at least 255,000 regular readers when you place your Ads. in THE
SUNDAY CALL/
GOOD RETURNS ALWAYS FOLLOW AN AD. IN THE CALL.
' FAIPI.OVMRXT \V1\TEO f'F.IAI.E.
P^O^K^lONAlTKrcnchcook by day or oth»r-
wlse: entire charge luncheons, dinner, r<»-
ceptions. marketing: also cooking lessor..*
given; city or country; moderate prices. Cu3
Jones »t.. basement. '
STRONG; wllline American woman wants
laundry, work 'only: $1 25 and carfar-:
sweeping ' and defining if no laundry work.
MRS PIERCE. tHSA Jessie St.. near Seventh,
downstairs.
WOMAN wants work by the day; good laun-
dress: $1 50 a day: no postals answcre<L
543 Minna St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
HOTEL housekeeper desires position in first-
class hotel or summer resort; 3 years in last
place; best references. Call or address P.
E. C. 1400 Hyde" st.
DRESSMAKER wants work: $1 a shirt waist
up: dress skirts. $1 50 up; children's dresses.
$1 up. 1022 FcUoro st.
A YOUNG Swedi3h girl wishes chamber work
' cr work as second girl. Addresa 7Vi Eliza-
beth place, near Folscm st. •
LADY wants jonltion as shirtwaist designer or
forelady in shirtwaist or skirt department;
best references furnished. Box 1166. Call.
CALL at 50S Mason St.. or phone Black 1533.
First-class ladles' employment office.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day;
washlng.lronlng.hooaework. 2654 Harrison st.
GIRL wishes housework; wages $25. Call 467
Minna it., near Fifth.
1 LADY takes washing home; open air dry.
j Phone Fell 1041.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. fW. McAllister st.
EMl'LO Y3IENT WANTED— MALE.
• ENGLISH gardener and wife as cook. 9 years'
references, also. English butler and wife as
¦ cook, beat of references, wish situations.
See J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter at.
AN elderly man. carpenter, "understands farm-
Inc, plain gardening and care of stock, wants
a home or steady piace to do light work for
reasonably low wages. Address -\. Y.. box
!K>. Fruitvale postofflce. Alameda County. ,
YOUNG man with two years' experience In
plumbing in the East would like to get work
In a first-class shoD to finish trade. ! Ad-
dress PLUMBER, SC9 Wood st., Oakland.
ENGLISH gardener and wife as cook. 9 years'
references, also English butler and wife as
cook, btst of references, wish situations.
See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter et.
BAKER'S helcer. clean, sober. Industrious
. young man. best references. , experienced
helper and driver, wishes to finish trade; $23
to $30 and found. Box 1242, Call office.
TO drive and care for autoo*obile: private
place: country Dreferred; experienced, all
around; gentleman's slace: not afraid of
work; best references. Box 1102. Call office.
EDUCATED, honest and industrious man of 40
wants any honorable work: is muscular, but
can do clerical Job or collecting. Box 3053,
Call office.
ALL. round handy, reliable man desires any
kind of steady work. Apply 2 Hampton
court, rear 6BS Harrison st.
YOUNG man (21) as plumber's helper, or to
learn a good trade: steady and reliable; not
afraid of work. Address box 1207, Call.
A STEADY, sober young man wants a po-
sition as bartender; country preferred; ref-
erences. Box 1216, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position In stable. R.,
box ZiO. Call office.
BAKER, first-class all around man. wants
situation in the country. Box 1227, Call.
AN elderly man wishes situation as porter.
Apply 1218 Oak st.
PAPERHANGER wants work. BERNARAL.
1137 Geary st.
WANTED — A man with over 20 years' ex-
perience In logglns. railroad construction
and timber estimating would like a position
as traveling agent to look up timber land or
take char;* of extensive logging operations;
references. Address C. box 11S7. Call office.
WANTED by respectable man— Situation on
private place; understands care horses, cows.
poultry; gardener; cooking: references If re-
quired. Box 1211. Call office. -
A GERMAN — Honest, sober, steady man.
wishes position In wine or liquor-house; ex-
perienced: tend bar and all around; best city
references. Box 1217, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man would like situation as
watchman, or to take care of gentleman'*
place; will take care of Invalid: references.
Call or address JOHN BAKER, 953 Mission.
A FIRST-CLASS licensed plumber (non-
union) wants work by the day or week for
property owner; has all necessary shop tools.
Box 1224, Call office.
TO drive and care for automobile; private
place; country preferred; experienced, all
aronnd; gentleman's place; not afraid of
work; best references. Box 1102, Call office.
YOUNG Engllsh-speaklnir Dane, who under-
stands bookkeeping, wants work of any
kind: bookkeeping preferred. Apply at Sor-
ensen's Jewelry store, 103 Sixth st. :
i'OUNG man (24 years old) wishes a position
as delivery teamster or work of any kind;
can come well recommended. W. F. ENG-
LISH. 533 Birch aye.
WANTED — By youn§r mas. a position aronnd
machinery; have been employed for 4 years
by a large construction company; references
If wanted. Box 1083, Call office.
SITUATION or employment wanted by ex-
pert draughtsman and patent specification
writer. Address R. M.. 524 E. Eighteenth
St.. Oakland. Cal.
A HARDWARE man. thoroughly competent,
desires position; city or country. Box 1210.
Call office.
A CABINET maker and finisher wanti work
in furniture store; willing to do all around
work; city or country. Box 1218. Call office.
STEADY, reliable Scandinavian wants work of
any kind; can drive and car© for horses. Box
1221. Call office. ,.
DENTIST with outfit wishes permanent posi-
tion in office or form partnership. Box -
1C84. Call office. ' .
SITUATION as butler In private* family or
waiter In private boardlng-houae; country or
city (colored). 1015 Powell it.
YOUNG man. recently from th« East, would
like a .. situation; has. had good experience ia
dry goods buslnees. Box 1040. Call office.
EXPERIENCED gardener wants situation In
Oakland or San Francisco; best references.
P. O. box 68, Fruitvale, Alameda Co.
YOUNG man desires situation driving light
wagon. Address box 1222, Call office.
TEAMSTER— Has stable; would like to work
for firm and care for team. Box 1087. CalL
SOBER, reliable Japanese wishes position in
private family; can milk cow. take care of
horst-*. choce around; generally useful; city
or country. Box 1245, Call, of flee.
JAPANESE boy wants housework and plain
cooking.- Please call at 1040 McAllister, tel.
Fell 71 si.
A JAPANESE high school student wants a
position a? schoolboy: $2 week; plain cook or
waiter. SAKA. box 1193. Call office.
GOOD Japanese .boy wants position as school-
boy; Speaks English welL CONDO. 1320 Pin*.
KKATIIKIt IIK.MJ VATISO. ;
BT new healthful process.' Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 325 Van Ness ave.: tel. Howard 3137.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTINQ DEPARTMENT^
., All desirable vacant hcuses and flats ar« list-
ed In our; tree renting department; over 10CO
In number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to and a
place; we never fall: ser vies .free. *
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1033 MARKET ST..
.- OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immens* list:
service absolutely free; tak* advantac* of
this department: It will . sava you time aal
• trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-Z39 Oe*ry
tt., on thu square.
EIGHTEENTH, near Valencia— New flat. 5
rooms and bath; all modern ' Improvements;
$27 f»i».
Sixth, near Bryant — Two flats of 4 rooms
each: $7 50 each. . Apply to G. A. LEROUX,
29'New Montgomery st.
CARL. 212. aear iitanyan. 1 block from park—
C rooms, bath; rent $25.
WALLER,, 1628^-Flata of 6 sunny rooms; very
desirable; modern.
MODERN furnished cottage. 5 rooms: bath and
piano: $25. U1S. Hampshire, -nr. Twenty-first.
$2O— 3St Cumberland st.. m-ar COth and Church.
j> rooms. ,bath. etc.; modern; sunny."" '
MODERN flat; 5 r. & b...vard. basement: tash-
: tenable; water free: rent $27 50. .3303 Clay.
MOSS. 14A, off Howard, near 7th— A mldJla
bay-wln<Jow flat; 4 rocms; $18; no ct&tfrea.
• • BUSINESS CHANCES— Cnntlnned?
A. CAMERON~& CO rTTTT.T! Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy et.-, cor. Market and Powell. . .
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $.*>50 to S10O0
Candy and .icecream parlors' $200 to ?2500
Bnrber shops ...SoOO to $2500
Cigar stands $:;.V» to $2iKK)
I Groceries and bars. .$50t> to $5000
j S.iloons .S300 to $10,000
Restaurants ..$350 to $20,000
' Fruit and vegetable stores $:;00 to $1000
Drug stores J2000 to SOC.OO
Delicatessen stores. $250 to $-1500
Wood and coal yards $250 to--$1000
A FIRST-CLASS opportunity for druggist or
doctor; fine location for drug store; good fix-
tures, counters and showcase; rent only $60;
bufinesa already established; with •« looms
«nd bath In rear; elegantly furnished
throughout: everything complete for house-
keeping of the best quality; price $1MX>.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mines; fine prospect;
located In Cal; sways $40 to $70 ton: trade
for rtne-houje or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort; fine
' sroves; 3t3-rcom hotel; ail furntsfted and >
equipped for business: 20 acres land goes '
with lea»e; raise own hay, veRetables; all
kinds fruit; rent $500 per year; equity In
this J 2.10(1; death in family cause of sale.
' CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale^ — One of the best restaurants In city;
1 cheap rent: receipts $75 to $100 day: will
bear investigation; price $1000. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy tt.
FOR sale^ — Ladies' furnishing: and fancy goods
business; cheap rent; well located; estab-
lished 12 years; will Invoice $8000; sickness.
. CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale— Half Interest In good paying, swell
little restaurant; obliged to leave city; a
snap at $275. CAMERON & CO. P»
YOUNG nun with $2000 would entertain some
honest, hufineFs proposition; no agents need
apply. Box 1247. Call office.
$'.00 — A GOOD paying stationery and notion
business; must be sold at once. Call Branch.
039 McAllister st.
SALOON for sale. 152 Steuart st.
CIGAR store and billiard hall for cale cheap.
155 Seventh st.
WANTED — A grocery and bar; state location.
etc. Box 4022. Call office.
LODUING-IIOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERwT&CO~ Phone Sou:h~Tc50.
3 Eddy «t.. cor. Market and Powell.
Her.dqoarters for Roomlng-Houtes. Hotels and
Ali Kinds uf Business Chances.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished: 5- year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing S-ICO to fOCo per month; oblieed to leave
city.
11 rooms: rent $40; close In; oak. cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpet?: Hears $55 over all
expenses: JiCO cash, balance time: snap; $700.
46 room*, rent only $05; well located hotel
south of Market: fine bar: well stocked: brick
building; tlectric lights; everything good con-
dition; part cash, balance time; price $2500:
wi!l exchance- this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
40 rooms; elegantly furnished; rent only $250;
oak and mahegany furniture: 60 boarders;
clearins $250 t>er month; close in; fine buy;
price SCOW).
11 rooms: Ellis st. ; close In; oak furniture:
moquet carpets; part cash, balance time, price
$050.
108 rooms; cheap rent: new and elegantly
furnished: up-to-date rooming-house: has fine
bar: cj>ji be run In conjunction If d»elred; rare
chance for rieht parties: part cash, balance
can be paid out of house; other business Inter-
efts demand Immediate departure.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room: new and
up-to-date house; all msn; electric elevator,
lights: ior.g lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys In the city.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle ap.trtment-housc; reduced to $1100.
20 rooms; cheap rent: close In: thoroughly
respectable; all full: clears $1CO; part cash.
SO rooms: rent only $150; oak and cherry
fur.: fine carpets; close In; fine money-maker.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern bulldlne; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance S ter cent per year.
IS rooms; rtnt JS5: well furnished: all new;
$600 down, balance 1>£ per cent; fine buy; only
$nso.
25 rooms; rent only $60; north Market; all
full; clears $100 per month; price $lS00; will
exchange for small chicken ranch.
106 rooms; new; most elegantly appointed
fanlly hotel In city; all full and clearing $400
to $600 cer month; books open for Inspection;
obliged to leave city.
7-room flat: rent $40; oak furniture: good
carpets; sickness; rrice $350.
190 rooms: new and elecantly appointed
apartment-house; ewell location; long lease:
cheap rent; uart cash, balance, made out of
house without Interest.
10 rooms' Ellis; newly furnished; rent $40;
apartments; $200 down, balance $20 per month,
no interest; must be sold on account other
business; price $725.
20 rooms: well located; north Market; cheap
rent: inccme $70. leaves two rooms landlady;
ar.Hp; $300.
75 rooms; new. modern building: elegant fur-
nishings: cheap rent; close In: will clear $400
per month; $5000 down, balance can be paid
'out of house; see this.
9 rooms: sunny flat; rent $50; oak, mahog.
fur.; obliged to leave city; reduced to $650.
2S rroms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill: doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
8 rooms: fine upper flat: rent only $30: can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$150.
IS rooms: rent $S5: north Market: close In:
good money maker; reduced from $1600 to $1100.
23 rooms: well furnished; first-class tran-
sient house: 2 blocks oft Market; S-year lease;
clearing over $100; good- buy for some one.
31 rooms; rent $110; all light rooms; clear-
Ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap: only $S00
to get !n: mupt leave city at once; price $1300.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease: flrst-
clars up-to-date downtown hotel: well fur-
jilshed; clearing $500 to $600 per month: must
s?M on account of other business; only with us.
60 rooms; elegantly furnished: fine location:
close in: new and modern throughout: full, and
clearing $250 to $350 per month; must be sold
to settle an estate; only face of mortgage now
on It usked; chance of a lifetime.
J»0 room*: part offices; elegant 'new building
and furniture: high-class location; beautiful
halls: 'everything modern; first-class grill In
connection: best proposition in city; called East.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahegany; fine proposition;
good lease.
17 rooms; rent only $70; oak furniture; Ax-
nsinster carrets; fine location; clears $S0; fine
buy.
29 room*; central; cheap rent; well fur.; some
housekeeping; full; will take flat In exchange.
126 rooms: fine downtown comer house: pri-
vate baths: beautiful furniture: 2. entrances;
tak»s In *30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear Investigation.
21 rooms: corner; rent, only $85; ' oak fur. ;
pood carpet*: housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady;
price $1600.
50 rooms: new; modern apartment-house: 10-
year lease: cheap rent; clearing. $250 -to $300;
very central: first-class proposition.
MITCHELL &. CO Phone Jessie 1T)S1
1200 Market St.. opposite Sixth.
16 room»; neat, sunny, two-floor house; rent
$io: sell or exchange; price $350.
C5 rms.: downtown house; steady; transient;
i clearing. $350 monthly: handsomely furnished..
20 mil.;, choice corner roomlnc-house; unex-
celled for transient as well as steady roomers.
25 rooms; well-appointed housekeeping suites;
landlady must *ell: make offer.
MITCHELL & CO.. 1200 Market st.' '
100 ROOMS: eunny corner: rent $125.... $4500
112 rooms; cletr» $350: low rent .$4500
80 ro^ma; furniture nearly • new...., ;....-. $3800
15 rooms; fine location, north of Market. $000
46 rooms; in Oakland: new;- rent $60.. .C'500
12- rooms; V4 -cash: cheap rent $600
Money to loan on .' furniture. E1TEL • &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st. . '
A KNAP — Light* housekeeping; 14, rooms; "In-
xcstlgat*. 049 Mission "st. , . ' . ,
GOLDEN Gate ave., 305— Nine-room house; .
reasonable; clean: leaving city. : "•"-
FOR sale — Manhattan ¦ House. S25 : Battery at. ;
-28 -rooms; "bar;. -account of; owner's death.: ,THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL S, 11)04;
13
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED llet of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMliSEN- & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
LA NGTON et.. off Bryant— 4 rooms, yard and
basement: $11. Apply G. A. LEROUX. 2«
Aew Montgomery st.
MCALLISTER. lL't;9_i2 rooms, bath and bil-
_Jiard-room; $00: water free; modern.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
_ to let. BALDWIN & HQWKLL, '.'5 Peat st.
HOcSES TO LKT — Klilt.\;SHED.
FOR rent, in San Rafliel^X7rrg^fl"ne'lIoii«V.
furnished: good sized lot: trees and shrub-
?.v r j' and *Plendld location. Address box i
1— >5, this office,.
TO rent— Spacious, furnished house: large
grounds; Paus*llio; rent $100; short term if
desired. Api»ly Box 1210. Call office.
$175— BOARDING and lodging; 17 rooms fur-
nished; rent $15; good place. 330 Main st.
LOST AND KOUND.
LOST— Black feather boa, Sunday, on PoBt St..
between Pierce and FUlmore, or on Fillmore,
between Pest and Fulton. Return to 2148
Post st-: reward.
LOST — A bitch pup; cross between a fox and
bull terrier; while, with a brown spot over
right eye. Return to Bush and Maeon, gro-
cery rtore ; reward. -.¦ •» • :
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of NETTIE N. BRANDON, No. 229-
1471. The flnder will please return to bank.
LOST — A rvs book with the Hibernla Sav-
ings and Loan Society of Kan FrancUco in
the name of John Johnson; No. 223-S7U;
. finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Long feather boa on Bush St., near
• Jones, Tuesday; liberal reward. Return to
. office of Imperial Hotel, Bush and Leaven-
worth ste.
LOST— Pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of Peter Molony, No. 183-1333. Finder
will please return to bank.
LOST — Purse containing money, glasses and
keys. Keep money, but please return glasses
and keys to 1645 Mission st. ¦
LOST— Physician's visiting list. Suitable re-
ward If returned to E. E. Kelly, at 751 Sut-
ler et., or 14CS Washington st.
LOST — About February 12, certificates of
stock, Nos. 11-48, In Merchants' Transporta-
tlon Co. 300 Davla at.
LOST — Great Dane; light brlndle; reward for
return or information. 348 Tenth at.
LOST— Brown Spaniel, tag 3S78. Return to
13<13 Harrison st. and receive reward. ,
" ' ' MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, eure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me at once; my
methods are always safe, painless and reli-
able; 1 have no failures; no exorbitant fees.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
Cures guaranteed or no pay; 17 years' ex-
perience in all female disorders; call or write
without delay; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
A — LADIES, If you are suffering from Irregu-
larities or any ailment you will avoid dis-
appointments by consulting me first. My
method of treatment Is positive and harm-
less and I guarantee immediate relief from
any cause or make no charges. Advice- free.
Call or write DR. SYLVESTER. 211) Kearny.
ALWAYS be advised and treated by a grad-
uate physician; positively the only one here
capable and willing to restore you to happi-
neeit; relief for Irregularities; help for un-
fortunate ladies; if in trouble consult him
without cost or fee: call or write; conflden-
tlal. DR. R. H. WESTON. 305 Kearny st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;'
advice free. Office. 1018 Market St.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities: Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. S26 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1009Va Market St., opp. 5th.
Dr*. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 26 years'. exper.
MRS. D. AlfLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladies*
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN resides 2035 Folsom St.. corner
2Cth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DAVIF.S and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment. 1120 Market st.
DR. NO, TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & W'OLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? '
Repair It with elaterlte: In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roufs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St..
LIBERAL credit places comfort and attract-
iveness within the reach of any one. Call
and see us regarding diamonds and Jewelry.
United Loan alid Trust Co., 21 Stockton St.,
upstairs. - >
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
DESKS and office furniture; $20,000 stock to
be sold before April 15; this stock can be
bought in large or small lots. T. D. MC-
CARTHY CO.. 782 Mission. Phone Bush 467.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roefs with Asbestoa Roof Paint; guarsmtefd
to atOD all leaka in tbe one and preserve the
new. 205 Front St.; tel. Main 1438.
DRUMMERS' samples ladies' flne furs sold at
any price; leaving for East. Call at Audi-
torium Hotel, 117 Eddy st., 10 a. m. to 12 m,
and 2 to 7:30 p. in., room 133.
A— FINE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orlg-
Ir.al Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
Clnes, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-253 Sptar st
J. COOPER (dress suit rental parlors), for-
merly at Palace Hotel for over 26 years, has
removed to 21 Stockton st. (upstairs).
ALTERATION sale— Best S2 50 bats, $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny et., near
Pine; open to 0 p. m.; Sundays to nocn.
MUST be sold: owner going East; painting an-J
paperhanglng business: established over 30
years. C. J. BARRON. 1219 Market at.
TRY our men's shoea at SI and SI SO pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid. : catalog free.
GENTLEMEN'S full-dress suits to rent at
LICHTENSTEIN BROS.', 25 Stockton st. f
PIGEONS, new. Imported varieties, for squab
raisers ;*end for list. C. Wilson.220 Stevenson.
PAIR perfect white diamond earrings at a
bargain; about CV£ karats. 10 Sixth st. -
A TENT for rent or aale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT _ AWNINQ Co.. 35 Mrkt.Tel.Buah 853
3^c ROLL and up; fine wall paper; tampl^s
mailed; painting, tinting, t-npering. M. MElt-
IGAN, 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
BOOKS bought; libraries purchased. King' a
Old Bookstore. 61 McAllister st. ,
I STEEL lined cafe, 1SO0 pounds; $125. RICH-
ARDSON BROS.. 1816 Market Bt.
BARGAINS In flne diamonds and watches;
. easy payments. GARIN. .803 Hay— ard bldg.
GASOLINE engines bought. Bold, exchanged,
repaired. I Sykea-Coraon Co.. 254 Beale at.
SAFES and cash registers, new and aecond-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market rt.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck 4 Co.. 122 Mket.
SLOT machines cheap; Chlcagoea, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucka. BACIGALUPI. 033 Market.
SAFES— New and second-hand. '-. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, aale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Brack. 131 Post at. .
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
_ CO.. 122 Market st. . '
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all slzea. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont at.
ARK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. • ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS-
CALIFORNIA Houaewrecker Co. . paye the
tiigheat trlco for buildings and will remove
tli« largest building In 10 days. Office and
yard N. W. cor. Mission and Tenth sts. ¦
WANTED— Second-hand lathe, foot power
. Apply or add. W. S. SMITH. 363 Mississippi.
WANTED— A good power band saw completes!
Box 1239. Call office.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS, 043 Folsom.
SHOES wanted; misfit & castoff ; highest prcs. ;
new ik 2d hand shoes for sale. ' 749 Mission.'
TILTON wanU good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 151 Dtb at.; tel, Jeselo 2S3X.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ATA^liERMAX MURPHY^
C01-C02-C03 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
• Save expenses by dealing ; directly. ' * '
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased..-. . I
Courteous- treatment.- Strictly confidential.
When' You Need; Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. ' . / ¦ /
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (INC.). -
CONTROL $1,000,000.
REAL ESTATE LOANS^
' INTEREST 6 PER CENT.
FIRST. SECOND AND THIRD MORTGAGES.
CITY AND OAKLAND.
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTIES.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE IN TRUST.
107-8-0-10-11. CROCKER BUILDING, S. F.
WILL. LOAN "
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country. -
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels,
i Location, etc.
Box 408, Call office.
SALARY Loans —
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge or employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
ALL loans made to salaried people strictly
confidential; loans on first and second mort-
gages, also chattel mortgages. United Loan
and Trust Company, 21 Stockton Bt.
LIFE Insurance policies; loans on same; we
give higher loan values than companies.
United Loan and Trust Company, 21 Stockton
et. (second floor) ; phone Bush 434.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protect-
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
. LOAN OFFICE, 23 Stockton: phone Bu«h 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people,) retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: -ea6y payments; large business in
46 principal cities. Tolman, 653 Parrot^bld.
ANY amount quickly on. furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
. fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. 03 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
THE United Loan and Trust Co..' 21 Stockton
St. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484. •
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin f Jewelry Store,
840 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch.10 Third.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy ;no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI, 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st..rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W T . J. HESTHAL'6. 10 Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav. -Bk.
bid.; Oakland office, 1103V6 Brdwy., suite 1-2.
— — — - — j | - •
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW. easy method — To wage earners on unln-
doreed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry. 2 per cent
mo. S. F Collateral Loan Bank. 03S Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 0 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 708 Market st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL. COO Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL UPRIGHTS:
Fischer, new $325, now $150.
Hertz, new $3C0, now $67.
' Miller, new $300, now $145.
3 Emerson, new $250 to $050. now $160.
2 Chlckerlng. new $150, now $100, $185.
2 Ftelnway, new $575, $750, now $183, $325.
"Hdlne, new $575/ now" $333." ,
jtenta $2 up; Installment:*, $4 up. Rent ap-
plied If purchased.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st.
Oakland — 1252 Broadway.
ABSOLUTE BARGAINS IN PIANOS.
One In fair order $10
One a little better $15
Another, condition good $23
Also a Chlckering, Mason & Hamlln, two
Steinwaya, Knabe, Vose, Sterling, Mayson,
Emerson, Hallet & Davis, Starr and many
others, from $55 up; easy terms; fully guar-
anteed. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, lfi O'Far-
rell s^ ' ¦
; ONLY pla.no house In the city that will rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
6 months' rent and cartage off purchase
price;- sole agents for McPhall. Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. BCO Hayes.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
-WHITEHEAD'S storage. 1036 Market st.
SMALL pianos for small apartments;- great
tone: rent or sale. Byron Mauzy. 30S Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHM1TZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up. ;Chlckering baby grand;
Ehonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
IF you want bargains come now; pianos al-
most given away. Hornung, 216 McAllister.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzey* pianos. Cedllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post «t.
PERSONALS.
A freah. smooth and young looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forgfiet the name. M. ELLA HARRIS.
Tbe number. 781 O'Farrell et., near Larkin.
Call or write for book, free,
"Hints on Beauty."
Al SUITS to order at $1 weekly. We havo
contracts with leading houses to take all
their short ends, called remnants. We make
you a flne suit- on Installments cheaper than
others do for cash. LEON LEMOS, merchant
tailor, 1127 Market «t.. bet. 7th and 8th.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth.rtops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stlckinet*:
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers' '.ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk'
A — MICROTINE. a positive cure for catarrh,
cold In the h«ad. hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affection*; send for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 Oth:
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
.skin, mouth, bones, > etc.). speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
'¦ Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.' Worst cases cured,
TAKE notice— I have sold all of my Interest
In the firm of Johnston & Ellis, California
, Market, to Robert H. Johnston, on March
22, 1904. K. V. ELLIS.
A destitute woman's friend; free secluded home
during confinement; infants adopted ; good
- . homes. Mrs. Dr. Funke, 1416 8th st, Aluineiia
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoat*
and trousers I at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market at.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured- by Willow Bark Co.,
612 Shotwell: consultation free; call or write
SOCIAL dances Wed... Thure., Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing,- 1556 Market, nr. Larkin.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week..
, NEUHAUS - CO. (Inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed hy elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Travers, 1170 Market.
Acilna restores <lost eyesleht -.cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VJDA Co.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 309 Sut-
ler, r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 ." Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE: zostumes. play books, wigs;
j country orderp. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. .733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE ' suit ¦ $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont..
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color, $1: at all drugglsta*.
CHEAPKST and' best in America — The Weekly-
Call. 16 pages. ¦ sent . to any address In tae
. United States or Canada one year for $L y
. PA-JUfcTIlY. ~
MADAM DEVAS. ¦' ¦¦¦-'. . .-
.PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. I_EB_H
'BUILDING. .139 POST ST. , • . :
H. JEROME . FOSELLI, aclentlflc palmlit. " 515
Taylor nt. ; near Geary. Phone -Black RBI. <
ROOMS, papered, : $4 up; tinting, - painting
Hartmann Paint Co.: 310 Third; tel. Main 413.,
-.;;..,; ¦-.¦¦_ PARTXERS.WANTED. ; : :
LADY or gentleman with $50 to. take half In-
terest; In eood-naylng; office business." Box
. 1205. Call office." ;•-;/,: ;^j
WANTED— A partner In harness and saddlery
business.. 122 ' Montgomery, ava-." . ;•;;.¦ -. :
REAL ESTATE Coimt—r— -F" or Sale.
$6000— A BEAUTIFUL home In Santa - Clara
§ Valley; within 1 hour's ride of San Francis-
co; 10 acres, modern house of 4 rooms, bath,
etc.; artesian well, hen houses, brooders. In-
cubators, egg cases, everything complete for
a flrst-olass chicken ranch of 2000 hen ca-
' .pacity; horse, wagon and harness. H.
DOYLE. 1023 Market st. - ,
FOR SALE— 135 acres flne virgin redwood and
pine timber near L E. White's railroad at
Elk Creek Mendoclno County. For full par-*
¦ ticulars apply to A. CLQCKERS. Albloa
P. P.. Cal.
2000-ACRE stock ranch, Mendoclno County:
only $4 per acre; flne tracts of farm and
fruit lands In Alameda and Contra Costa
countleg.- Address box 1231, Call office.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S
Market *t.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm. , -
$20X) yiront per annum per acre.
Write for booklet It'a free. 603 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
FOR sale— 50 acres vineyard In large or small
tracts, near Martinez. E. B., 507 Sixth St.,
Oakland. ' • • ¦
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$5250 — A RARE bargain; chance of, a life-
time; two beautiful up-to-date modern 6-
room flats on Clinton ave.- bay frontage;
beautiful marine view; elegant surf bathing:
bathhouses, etc.; this ia a rare chance; don't
overlook it. HAMMOND & HAMMOND. 1423
Park at.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
NEW 5-room cottage and bath, with all mod-;
era Improvements; 2 blocks from local sta-
tion; lot 46x125; terms to suit; a bargain
for a few days. Syndicate Investment Co..
Frultvale. ' * .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN. (
A flne 10-room house- In East Oakland; good
location; lot 65x150, with stable, etc.; all
street- work done; easy terms. P. C. LAS-
SEN & CO., 466 Tenth St., Oakland. Cal.
A SPECIAL BARGAIN — A flne 7-room cot-
tage: lot 50x127; all street work done; good
location; easy terms; price $2750. P. C.
LASSEN. 460 Tenth st.. Oakland. Cal.
A SNAP.
$1400 only for a 5-room cottage with furniture;
street work done, etc. ;• half cash, balance
mortgage. Apply to P. C. LASSEN, 466
Tenth St., Oakland, Cal. i
A SNAP.
$1550 — Six-room house; corner lot; W r est Oak-
-land.
$1CO — Lot 25x100; block to local train.
WILLIAM P. TODD.
1070 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED 'ROOMS. •:
TO rent — Newly furnished rooms for ladles or
gentlemen. 614 Fifteenth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ' FURNITURE FOR , SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In lurnl-
. lure H. SchAlhaas.llth st..cor.store,Oaklnnd.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
t BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NOW. IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY
(If you profit by It at once)
to purchase. ¦ ¦¦ .
A modern 8-room house: combination electric
light and gas; beautiful flower garden and
fruit trees. In full bearing; north • side of
Fairmount ave.. situated In beautiful South
Berkeley; lot 00x135. ; -.
DON'T OVERLOOK THIS CHANCE.
PRICE. $3750. >?*•:'.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
1422 Park st.. Alameda. Cal
A. MURDOCH ;_ CO.. South Berkeley, station.
¦ for bargains: we build, buy, aell or exchange.
' BE^Bg__~- HOTELS. ¦ . "j
HOTEL BERKELEY REOPENS — This ele-
gantly house Is now under a new
and experienced management. The service Is
first class, the accommodations homelike, the
treatment of guests courteous, the rates low.
The hotel Is situated on Dwlsht way, one
. block west of the Dwtght way station, and is
therefore convenient to both the Key Route
and S. P. ferry systems. Rates, per day,
transient, are from $2 to $3, and per month
are $30 to $50, according to apartments. Ban-
quets and wedding dinners will be served on
short notice In. the most fashionable and de-
lightful manner. All interested in this an-
nouncement are Invited to call at the house
and Inspect It. Any further Information de-»
sired will be promptly given. Tel. Dana 13«.
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY. SSI— 2 unfurnished rooms; light house-
keeping; in modern. flat. .
FOLSOM, 525 — Large sunny furnished room for
, housekeeping. If desired; $1 75 a week.
H6WARD, 1310 — 2 lovely rooms for housekeep-
'. ing, nicely furnished, and one single.
JESSIE, S23— Large front parlor, furnished
housekeeping, gas range, cot; $3 50 week.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny, furnished 3- room suites; steam heat-
ed. electric lighted: free baths; rate $30 up.
LARKIN. 817Vi— Nicely furnished aunny front
room; folding bed. gas stove; reasonable.
STOCKTON, 41 and 45 — 2 nicely furnished,
sunny rooms; complete; run. wat., gas stove.
TURK, 1332, near Flllm ore — 3 furnished rooms,
complete for housekeeping; $18. ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS, subacriptlons received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church ata.
APA.— .TaC-HT HOP3-S. - '
A ST. HILAIRE APARTMENTS- — -f—
LAGUNA .ST.. NEAR GEARY ."
Will be ready for occupation In a few
days Everything new. Make your
reservations now. Elegantly furnished
apartments with private bath— 2. 3 and
4 rooms; steam heat; electric light; ele-
vator; private phones; rates reasonable.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Wilt be finished March 15.
1034 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light, and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished; $27 50 to $40.
• Make reservations . now. .
ST CECILE 115 1 Fell, above Van Ness — The
¦ acme of perfection In elegantly furn.:3-roo—
; apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec-
I ' trie lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $55.
STi LOUIS, 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-5
! rooms; 'also single; furnished or unfurnished;'
marine view: ¦ references. Phone .East 1350.
APABTM-~T TOn SAI.B.
APARTMENT* house; centrally located , and
beautifully furnished throughout: every mod-
ern convenience. 313-room apartments and
bath: clears over $450 per month. Box 1000..
Call office.
HOWLAND — 817 'Van Ness ave., > cor.' Ellis st.
¦ — Beautiful modern , apartments of six rooms
and /bath; .finished In the most approved
', style; rents are reasonable and Include steam'
.- heat, water, elevator service,. etc.; 'janitor on
-premises. SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE _ CO..
' 218-220 Montgomery at. .- ¦¦..: ..
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. «Bil P— f am.
"AURORA, ; corner Second and Folsom ata.— -New
¦ house, new furniture; i every room ? outside;
'modern and- sunny: prices from $1 60 . per
week up; this is the only. up-to-date bouse In
;.' this vicinity;. first-class grill attached.
A— -BRUNSWICK House.' 148 Sixth at.— Room*
. ,25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all . night. '
AT "The -Almonte," 873 Market st. (orlNo" 1
; w Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c, , 50c, II." $1 60 night;
r |1 60 to <10 week; house open all night. ; ,
BURNETT. 1426 Market . (old < No. , 1384>— Fur-
: ; nlsbed rooms, suite, single; also unfurolsbed. ,
HEAL ESTATE— CITY— -FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO. .. <KSS ' Market st.
TUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1904,
At our salesrooms at 12 o'clock noon. '
POLK-ST. - FLATS.
. Nos. . 2404-2404 »/i Polk St., north .'of Union.
Jwo beautiful flats containing 0 rooms and
porcelain bath ' each, and storeroom below;
built only 18 months; modern-ln every respect;
rent $70 per month;, mortgage $2000. .
. . PACIFIC- AVE. RESIDENCE. -¦
No. 2027 Pacific ave., east of I~guna St.;
Improvements consist of a beautiful, residence
of 7 rooms and bath ; very pretty - garden in
the rear; unsurpassed marine view;-, lot 25x
137:0. - . . '
MONTGOMERY-AVE.' INVESTMENT..
Easterly line of Montgomery ave.. 33:7}i
Inches north of Vallejo St.. No. 410-422; lot
Irregular In size, having a frontage on Mont-
gomery ave. of Cl feet: present improvements
nominal, renting for $90 per month. 1
BRODKUJCK-ST. BUILDING LOT.
Easterly line of Broderick st.. 33:6 south of
Grove st. ; lot 20x110; this lot is level and
ready for building, and is situated in a de-
i uirablo neighborhood In close proximity to the
1 Park Panhandle. ¦¦-¦-.
| SOUTH OF MARKET ST. INVESTMENT.
New. 14-14% Rltch et. and 3-3 V, Elizabeth
et.,. between Third and Fourth, off Folsom st. :
Improvements consist- of six tenement flats of
3 rooms each; permanently rented for $70S per
annum;, these flats are occupied by first class
tenants; rent payable strictly in advance.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
Easterly line of Alabama >st., 104 feet north
of Twenty-third; lot, 20x100; level and ready
for building; this property has an , assured
future.
CLARA-ST. INVESTMENT.
Southerly line of Clara St.. 350 feet west of
Fourth; lot 25x75; Nos. 137-137%; improve-
ments two cozy flats of 5 rooms each; new
modern plumbing; patent flush toilets; rents
393 per annum. • •
UNION-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
Southerly line' of Union st., 37:6 west of
Laguna: two well situated lots, ,25x100 feet
each; this portion of Union st. Is a business
block ; stores and flats erected on this prop-
erty would bring In a handsome revenue.
DOLORES-ST. INVESTMENT.
East line of Dolores st.-, 70 feet north of
Seventeenth: Nos. 386-390; lot C4xlOO; Improve-
ments consist of three flats of 4-5-6 rooms and
1 one double cottage containing 4-5 rooms; pres-
ent rents very low at $60 50 per month; this
property will, be Hold to clone an estate.
.' 8 ACRAMENTO-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 3019 Sacramento st., east of Baker; lot
27:6x132:6; improvements a handsome two-
story residence . containing 9 rooms and bath:
I plumbing in first class condition; mortgage of
$5500, Hibernla Bank. . .
For furtber particulars apply,
: EASTON, ELDRIDGE _ CO., 63S Market st.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
REAL ESTATE.
S A TI S A L I T O.
SATURDAY. APRIL 9. 1904.
On the Ground, at 2:15 p. m.
22 CHOICE 22
22' RESIDENCE 23
22 LOTS .22
Facing Bulkley and Excelsior aves., Reado
and El Monte lane, formerly known as Hotel
Geneva, formerly El Monte Hotel.
For further particulars and catalogues ap-
ply to
' HENRY STERN
DAVID STERN & SONS, !
Real Estate Brokers and Auctioneer.
1 .11 Montgomery st.
W. J. GUNN.
. 630 CALIFORNIA STREET.
(Savlnjrs Union Building).
$2100 — Webster-st. cor, cheap; lot 25x100.
$9000 — Baker, .N T A". cor.. 137:0x137:6; cheap-
est 50-vara lot In W. A. - ' .
$1500— Cheap lot; W. A.; 25x137:6: street bl-
tumintzed; lot on the grade: a flne buy;
easy payments: only $400'flr8t payment;
a. few steps from the cars; a positive
bargain; marine view. ¦
$1800— 21st ave.. near Point Lobos ave; a
lots, 25x120: will se!M. ?
?1800 — Lake-st. cor.; marine view. 32:6x100.
f 1600 — Sixth ave.. north of Lake; 25x120:
choice lot; up towards Presidio wall.
$3000 — Tenth ave., NW. cor.; 57:6x100: 2 lots,
11th av.. near Clement St., 25x120.
$3750 — A choice business lot on Clement st;
78x115; good frontage and depth on
sunny of street: a flne property to
Improve w!th stores and flats. / -
{4600 — The choicest residence corner lot In
Richmond; Just go out- and examine. It;
to becln with. It Is a northeast corner
and has a grand marine view; the finest
residence* in Richmond are in front of this
lot;; size 50x120; opposite the beautiful
home of Mr. G. T. Marsh: electric cars
- pass every few minutes; this corner is
acknowledged to be the choicest north of
the park; make offer.
{950 — A cheap lot on 8th ave., near B St.;
25x120; cars pass.
5250 — 27th ave.; very cheap lot: 25x120; lots
beyond this are selling on the installment
Dlan for $000 and $700, and not as well
located.
Wanttd — To purchase 2 flats, about $10,000 or
- less and not leased.
W. J. GUNN,
.. 530 CALIFORNIA ST.
Larre residence In Mission; .00x120.
THOMAS ;MAGEE & SONS,
,5 Montgomery st.
'i-^s'ft'i- ' ZZZZ ¦ ¦ •
AN "Ocean View," In the suburb of 'Frisco,
With warranted title, all perfect and true;
In sight of old ocean, with steamer and ship
Sailing over Its waters so blue. .
$18(W — Lovely cottage of 5 rooms, bath, pan-
try, etc. ' . •
$250 each — i beautiful level lots; street graded,
etc. ; Fteam and electric" cars at door, fare 5c.
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa et., Ocean View.
$1.25 PER WEEK. ; no Interest. Lots In the
Excelsior Homestead Tract: all level; no
grading to do: ready to build your little hom.3
on; close to electric cars and school.
. . W. J. WHITE.
'.¦- 26 Montgomery st.. room" 5.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY,
, INSTALLMENT HOMES, 512 Callaghan bid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$S a month . pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, makisg your in-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
$2800 — ON easy terms: cottage of 8 r. and b.,
on West Park "nt.", " JU9t|oJf of Mission.
. . Make* an offer i for cottage : . of 5 rooms,
large yard, on West Park Bt.
i D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
$2000 — COTTAGE, 6 rooms and bath; good lo-
cation; large j lot: | must sell. ; Apply 3316
Mission st. ¦ ;. ..." ¦¦ '¦ . ¦ .. ' . •
MODERN 4 and . 5 room cottag'es: terms same
as paying rent; . Apply 'owner. Lumber
yard, S.E. cor, Alabama and Montcalm sts.
BUILD, on your unimproved realty: we loan
fulTcopt tmprov. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.;* Crocker building.
TWO -pretty >>om es Just completed In the Mis-
sion; 6 rooms, bath: about $1000 down, bal-
ance easy. See MOISK. :!'-<• Sansome st.
EIGHTH ave. and J St., South S..F.— Cottage,
. . 3 , rooms ; sheds ; . chickens, etc. -.cheap. . Mrs. C.
MODERN cottage; 5 rooms and bath: lot 30x
.150. J 582 Precita' ave., Folsom-st. car. '.'.
MODERN cottage. 6 sunny, rooms and bath; !
. cheap . for caRh.i. 214 Hoffman ave. •"¦ i ¦"*¦,!
LATEST 'system sanitary 'plumbing byAHL- '
BACH & MAYER/ plumbers. -836 Howard. .'
; VOIXT. RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
ALTA' PUNTA'TRACT.. ; ''.'•¦ ~TT~
' Stfcge ; ¦ on ' Santa Fe '•' electric : road : ¦ $270 per,
' 'acre; 'building lots $100; orchards and. build-
ings $400, per. acre; monthly payments; lend
:"for maps. HAIGHT. 401 California st.;S.F. |
' REAL ESTATE TO E_CHAX_J_~~
NICE-home ln^Loa Gatos; ; -%-acre lot; house of
four irooms: .' barn ;'J orchard, - etc. ; -will.- ex-
,; change for lots or land in 1 Alameda: County.
¦ P. C. . LASSEN. .466 ; 10th at.. : Oakland. Cal.
K TYPE WRITERS AND SI) PPLIE S.
AN. exceptionally good No." 2 Remington, No. 1
' • Smith Premier,; $25; mother * type writers _ at
'. higher, and Mower, prices; rentals $2 50.'* The
; r* Typewriting .,' Exchange. 536 California t at. .
A FEW good typewrltera at $30 each; get par-
' tlculara of L. _ M. ALEXANDER. . 110-Mont-
'. i gomery. at-' ; - ?*.;:" : T i>..>- l'-'y -"' ! * '•: - .{ -:>¦; v .-,.. ;
2D-HAND- typewrltera 1- sold;; rented.'" repaired.
.Webster Typewriter Insoec. Co.. 508 Market.
BOOMS TO LKT — Fnrn. nnrt Unfn—i.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnlshfd sunny rooms: prices reasonable. '
CUMMINGS (The). CIS Post. nr. Taylor— Just
opened: desirably located; sunny.slugle rooms
and suites, with private baths, hot and cold
' water, steam r*at. electric lights, phone every
room; elevator. Phone East 1317 If desired.
FOR ainxle gentleman, in private home (no
other roomers), a lam e, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adjoining-. 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2024. Call office.
FOURTH. 401— Sunny, large, front and slda
room, suitable for 2: will put In two beds. '
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 35a
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $U wk.: reading-room.
HARRISON, 7.S4t£, near 4tiwFInely furnished
sunny rooms; bath; homelike; $1 week up.
HYDE, 419 — Newly furnished, large, sunay
front room; suitable one or two persona. .-
JESSIE. 363. east of U. S. H Mint— Furnished
rocm; $5 per month.
LARKIN, 804— Sunny single back rcom for
gentleman; quiet house; $4 50 per monta.
LEXINGTON ave.. 11*— Room to let.
MARKET, 1032 — 2 rooms, with gaa and coal
stove; $12 per month.
MASON. 213^ — Nice sunny front room; other*
$2 week up; clean; quiet.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent light*.
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles* par-
lor; roorr.s per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $3
to $9: month. $8 to $30: elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SEVENTH ave.. 6?! near Lake— Furnished
rooms.
TEHAMA. 154— Furnished rooms.
TURK, 32^ — Newly furnished sunny rooms, ea
suite or single; transient; Just opened.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms. 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gaa), running water In every
room: elevator.read.-room: free bus; baggage.
"WOLF House. 202 Sixth — Electric light In every
room: 15c to $1 a night; 73c to $5 a week;
open all night; convenient to all cars.
VAN NESS ave.. 51&— Ele«rt tnt front parlors
and adjoining suite for office or club.
VAN NESS, 02ft— Furnished sunny room In flat,
suitable 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market —
Most conyenlent and respectable; 700 rooms;
I 35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
Of advertisements aitd subscriptions baa been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
ROOMS A.VD DOARO.
EDGEMERE HOTEL.
731 Bush st.. above Powell;- select first-
class residential hotel; elegantly furnished
and table unsurpassed; electric light; steam
heated and private exchange telephones ta
every room; terms reasonable.
B. DU CARPE. Prop.
BOARD for the summer in a I nice private
home In San Leandro: one hour's ride to
San Francisco; all the fruit, vegetables, but-
ter, eggs and chickens; home raised; accom-
modations first class and home like; rates
very reasonable. Box 4278. Call.
SUMMER board In a pleasant country hom«
In Sonoma County, • near San Francisco, an<l
close to Petaluma: daily train and boat serv-
ice; climate unsurpassed; terms reasonable.
Box 4053. Call office.
HOTEL BALTIMORE. '
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 700.
HOWARD. 841A— Flrst-cla— board with room.
: single or double. $4 50- $5 week; Americas
family; home cooking; home comforts; piano.
HOTKL ELSMERE. 418 Sutter— Sunny suites,
single rms.; excellent table; moderate prices.
THE LAKE. 268 Turk at.— Suites and single
rooms, with board; prices reasonable.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Elegantly furnished
suites, with baths; also single: homelike.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
-Call. 16 pages, rent to any address in tb«
United States or Canada one year for »1.
. PIIYSICIA.VS A.\D SURttEOX*.
PR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and realdence.
1021'4 Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th: partlcu-
' lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1O73H Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
, treats all diseases cf, the human body; for
1 past -four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
'. cated at 6«7 Geary st.. near Leaven— orth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tat. herb doctor, cures all dlaeasea of bumaa
1 by use of herbs and teaa. 727 Washington at.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dla.
eases cured by Chinese herba. 748-8 Clay at.
SEWING MAGHI.VE9 AND SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family uas;
beat is cheapest: second-hand all makes at
any orice: all klnda rented lowest ratea.
Domestic office. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME— See our new triple-feed ma<
chines; slightly used; $10. $15. $20; second-
hand. $V$5, $8: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market at. ¦
SPECIALISTS. ~~"
CATARRH. DEAFNESS af.d NOISES In EAK3
positively cured: new methods; I week's trea;-
ment free Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter it.
SLOT MACHINES.""
Slot machines, $25; punchers. $25; lifters, can)
macnInes,$20. W.A.Bradford CQ..11S5 Market.
STABLES TO LET.
BOARD your bofses at 122 Eddy St.; best of
care given. ROBERTS.
STOIUGE ASP , WAREHOUSES.
A — GILBERT &. MOORE Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse, G. G. and Vaa
Ness; office 1236 Market, r. 84; tel. South 73a
A— EMPORIUM Storage* Van Co. ; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third;. phone Grant 161. .
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage Sc Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell ata.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333. Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 124.
GOLDEN West Storage: 'advances made. 840
- Mission St.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 251.
BEKINS .Van and Storage 1 Co.. 11 Montgomery
at.: tel Main 1840. Shipping at cut ratea.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness * " Marketl
promises cure if In fair health: hours t to 5.
.- . ., \ DIVIDEND NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
lng Society, 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 708 Market St., opposite Third —
" For tbe half year ending 31it of December.
1903, a dividend has been declared at the
rate per, annum of (12) twelve per cent on I
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January X 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice — Office of 'Sierra Railway
Company of California, room 229 Crocker
building. San Francisco, Cal., April 1. 1304.
Coupon No. 14, due April 12, 1904, from first
mortgage 6 per cent bonds of Sierra Railway
Company of California will be paid at tn«
fiscal agency of this company, the Crocker-
Woolworth National Bank, on and after that
date, a, D. FRESHMAN. Treasurer.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE GIANT. POWDER
COMPANY, Con,— A dlrldend. No. 64. of fifty
cents (5Cc) per chare on tbe Issued capital
¦ stock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company, rooms 202.
204 and 206 Ilayward building. San Francisco.
on April 11. 1H01. Transfer books dose April
4. 1?>O4. at noon. C. C. QUINN. Secretary.
__________ „
"AUCTION sale— Office General Superintendent,
Army Transport Service. San Francisco. Cal. •
, April 7, 1904 — There 'will be sold at public
auction, at 11 o'clock a. m.. April 2O. 19O4. at
. Folsom-st. wharf, a lot of miscellaneous con-
demned quartermaster's stores, a list of
• which can be seen at '. Folsom-st. wharf. ' ¦=
C. A. DEVOL. '
; Major and , Quartermaster. U. S. - A.
UNITED STATES Engineer Office. Flood
Building. San Francisco. Cal.. April «, 1904. —
¦ Sealed 'oroposals will be received < here until
' 12. noon, 'May.7,. 1PO4. for dredging in Peta-
- luma Creek and Naps River. "California. •- In-
fer— etion on application.'..—/.; H. ¦ UEUR.
, , Lieutenant Colonel. Engineers. ,
For Births. Marriaces and Deaths See
FLATS TO LKT— < '¦' tt !^}^S^^-
CXABA,tO0H:«*t. : « r «»«___! a Kl ftb - Sunn>
fiat oi 4 room* «nd ha*em«*nt. —
MODEEN flaw • «__* _2?____St T' *
e*en to t* appreciated. _7 1— r" ftt * l "
VITKH flat of 5 room, and l.ath. ::«(> Twen-
liith f-t., near Capr. _
\\va_KiT~iiST ""'a' ___?& £_*??"?
Hat to let. 5 roomy, modem: *-« -"¦>¦
KlTv»S~TO LICT^^l^ 1^ 1120 :. ,
VAFHINGT<»N~^-f«"'l^ ( , n fUrTltlhed
CAKTKO."^15^-Sunny furnished flat: 5 room*;
jiiano Call from tt to 2.
W AfiBXKCTOX. »r. SSB-*«*tHS?r furnish^
sunny fist. 7 room*; t '.i»r.o: ***'«¦
F__T» - FOB I *AU>^*?VnX*3UEO-J!
8k-_*r caipetai •— 1 Cim_Sta«« of 7-room Bat Cor
rale 8t trrt-at toarcain: flat rent; ..-r *••' ¦
per tmmth; Jeaire Indefinite. Ingulre at ..0
«"o!p st __—
VnV^ile or rxchance- Flat. 7 rcoms and l.alh.
( 1:75 ¦ rent S20. 1"*3 Valencia ft.
FLATS FOH jsAJ^ 1 *-,^.
KFnXT fBlftMMd SDHIT fist. C rooms and
Imh or.!y"$i«i: nS $35; mu F t Bell at once.
1 .»¦»"< t'aliforiila «< j
FrnMTLttK FOR s £}^. '
CHEAF_ST~r!ace to buy furniture, stoves and
aHi: levy.
R>1_*«>d— r.r,5 Market e-t. Tel. Jessie .61.
I r T t eea'vour furniture, carpets, office fur-
r.i-ur<s %tc". unt»jyoj^___hrs_eft'.ir.ate.
nil AS t_VT — OO. pay highest price for fur-
. niture cirpetF. etc. 7S2 Mission; tel. Bush 467.
_ _. liTORBS S»)~ h'.ghest cash prices furnl-
«!ie. curpets, «;c; tel. Larkin 3631. 634 Ellis.
A WOLLPEKT 77X Mission, phone Red 4462.
feu/e. rests, repair*, tacky furniture. carp«tta.
B T S«"HELL 2*12 Mi"ion: tel. Church 5570.
l^>s brtt prices fry furcrture. carpets, etc.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
D«'Rr> mcticnw.lSIS Mkt. :t*l. Howard 2756.
ff|£l ~ WASTED — FKMALE.
PFCOXD i-ir!. Stanford Ur.lv»rslty $25
parlor maids. Ross Valley $3«
Dlnlag-room pir! for a home $25
I etc ud K'rls and mending $25
;» iin'rcMie!, city hotel __•__!
4 caambermalO*. wait one meal $2O-$25
N'u— e sirl *¦ * 15
N'u— < for child 11 month! J-W
ItictH—loa laundress *^0
thamb^riKaid and waitress, resort ?— i
And I'M ¦— J« fcr housework, waiting, cooking
-„¦ all kinds cf vork: good wages; both city
«n0 country. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
«'O. 334 Gutter M..
2 COOKS, mall hospitals $->0
»-. German style . . .' $30
< '..ok. Anivrjcan fiimlly. city f 30
pok and i«"«ind erirl, same hour*- $25-$.>0
'. Mk for Email delicatessen $-»0
i.en helper, eieep home $20 1
ook. email private boarding- house $-"U)
¦ k. 10 people, Venlo Park $'40
A 1 i-l j" 10 J. y. CKOSETT _ CO.. 334 Butter.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn fcalrdre—lng.
manicuring. »tc. : trade taught from A to Z
in t — r-«ks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 r*r week up: leading school In
W cfI. 23S Geary »t.. room 13.
A— Giris to learn milllcery now for spring sea-
fon; both sca»or.s taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers.
t-alRfOadies etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton et.. r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trad*, manicuring massage, etc 1230 Mer-
k<-t rt. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
• t htghert waees; day and eve class: call.
GOOD —liable young girl for light housework
and plain cocking: 3 In family: washing
Flven <-ut; wagf-K $25. Call mornings before
10 o'clock at El Monterey Hotel, Pine Ft.,
nwu- Hyde, room 303; must sleep at home.
WANTED — Experienced sa*esladie» In laces and
embroideries at JOE ROSENBERGS. 816
Murk-* rt.
WANTED — Experienced girl* for wrapping de-
pcrttnent Apply MAGNIN & CO., 43-53
Ellis vt.. at 8:30 a. m.
WAN'TEI) — Firrt-clas* alt«*raticn hands en
suits and ekinc. Call at STRAUSS A FROH-
MAN'S, 107 Poet a*.
KKFINED young girl for general work In Email
family; good home for right girl. Call raorn-
ingy. 2-Ci'J Pine s^
RESPECTABLE ifirl for cooking and house-
work; references. Call 1230 Ellia at.
WANTED— Woman to do cleaning. 1502 Ken-
tucky rt.
YOUNG girl for light housework, asstet in
store; 2 in family; good home. 709 Larkin.
T'TNG GIRL WANTED for light housework.
Call after tt a. m.. 437 Fourth st.
GOOD reliable girl for email family. 104C
Broderick et^
COMPETENT eirl to assist with children and
general housework; good wages; references.
207 Lerkin Et. <"Strathmore." flat 3).
riRST-CLASS hairdre— er and girls to learn
hair business. J G. LEPERER. 123 Stockton.
C.A1J. at £»0S Mason st., or phone Black 1533.
First-daw ladies' employment office.
CIRL for general housework and cooking. Ap-
ply 1638 Buchanan st.. bet. 9 and 12.
ADVERTISEilENTS. eubscriptlona received at
CaM branch office, cor. Duncan & Church ata.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisement! and subscriptions has been
oprned at 100S Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WAXTED MALE.
FIRST-CLASS farmer and wife, $50 and found;
cook and wife, $45 and found; Jobbing black-
smith and shoer, $3 day; wagon-maker, coun-
try shop; bootblack, countrj'. flO week; 2 car
liuilucr* $3 day; vegetable gardener. $30 and
found: man about piace. $25 and found;
rhcreman «nd wile for resort. $50 and found;
farmer and ulf-.-, $45 and found; farmers. Jl
day and £25 anil found: mi'.ke— . $30 and $35
end found: 2 botfl cooks. $50 and found;
boarling-houfe cuok. $40 and found; restau-
rant «-ook. $70; dishwashers, omnibus man.
»le\ator bcyx and othera. J. F. CROSETT &
«"O.. C28 Sacramento et.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
526 Montgomery at. 528.
Phon* iUiw ll»l UPSTAIRS
Garderwr. private dace near city, wee boss
here to-day. Al Job, $35 fd, call early; rook
and wif*-. small sawmill, countrj'. »ee bosa
here to-<Jay. $»X> fd: powd<*rman, 8 hours,
long Job; 3 railroad laborer*; 2 two-horse
w>nm*ter», railrcad work, near city. long
Job; 10 labor*TF. long Job. near city, board
where you plcese; 2 Italian miners.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
S3 TtirC st. Telephone Main 5521.
I^abcrcr*. city $2 and $2 25
Boy to run elevator $12 and board
X_E£r.^ NEV . A ? A $2 25
I-abirers j2
Work 40 days, fare refunded.
1'art J7 50. Fee ?1
HORD & SMITH.
A— HOTCL OUHttc, 2« Montgomery st.^ r 12—
Third cook for retort, $(»: cook, $50; bell boy
for country, $30 and found.
BARBER chop, cigar store, £«neral laundry of-
fice <2 stort*) for sale cheap; 4 living rooms;
fine" buMii---> . ••FUiblirhcd 8 year«; cheap rent-
have other business. Box 1110, Call office'
Oakland. ,
WANTED — Young man about IS to a^rist In
lumber office; should be famlJlar with hhort-
tiand and tj-pe writing; must be or good hab-
its. Write or apply at P. C. L. & M CO,
Second and Grove rts., Oakland.
fT5— STEADY man, willing to work light nmn-
ufaxturlng busine— ; no right or Sunday
work. Apply 310 Folacm et.
WE want one competent sewing machine man.
Call at 1M1 Fillmore «t.. Friday, Saturday
or Sunday morning before 10 o'clock.
EXPERIENCED p—-»*er wanted^ good pay.
Apply at "THE HUB." cor. Kearny and
teutfr sts.
UARLtKR thop running 2 chairs; well fitted;
Kills rt; good stand for right party.
D. HTO1.TZ. T'.'I Markft rt.
WINDOW cleaner and general Janitor, in-
quire cigar «tand. Call building.
WANTED— Boy to drive delivery" wagon on
Fridays. hcS Valencia at.
STEADY barber waited. <i27 Oay «t.
A STEADY, Kober »ihorO-order cook: alro neat
yotruj waiter. K05 Mission st.. 12:30 p. m.
WANTED — A brltrht boy tietween 14 and 16
yearn. Apply K77 Market nt.
HARBER fitiop for Kale. Hopklnx *C. two
<k*>— from P. O.,- uijprr Pruitvale
- — — ¦ 1 ¦ . - .— ______
CKNT to polictt prlntins and advertUing An-
¦ fli Hit Filbert *u ,
M L'I«tAV~&~lV_AD Y^ 6:14-636 CLAY ST.
M PHONE MAIN 5S4S
l.i ai.'r.K Employment and Labor Agents.
WE SPEAK
IT\LI\N. GERMAN, SPANISH,
GRUKK. FRENCH. SWISS.
In l'Jitf we gave During l'JOi we hope
woik to CO.Ou© men. to Increase (JO.Oou.
FREE FAKE. FREE FARE.
— TO NEVADA STATJ3 —
ir you nay four month*. THAT'S ALL.
—GOVERNMENT WORK —
155 teamster*. $2 day.
155 rockmen, drillers, $2 to $3 day.
EIGHT HOI RS DAY, IRRIGATION WORK.
*1 FEE— THAT S A.LL.
TO THE MINES.
OS machine single and double hand $82 50
to JVO.
ALL OVER CALIFORNIA.
ARIZONA. CLOSE TO PRESCOTT
1U0 Miles— J9 10.
CSS teamsterr. laborers, drillers etc.. $2 to
$3 <i;ij'.
Don't he stingy with your distance. Get
rtoaer to landa of eunshine. CENTER OF
ARIZONA. ARIZONA. ARIZONA.
MECHANICAL. I
Planer and sticker band. Oregon. $3 50 day.
Tallymen, lumber company, boss here $»0
MILKERS.
2S milkers, all parts of California, $30, $35,
$¦40 and found.
4 butteVmakera, $40 and found.
11* farm and ranch hands. $25, $26, $30 found
WOODCHOPPKRS.
l-o woodchopprrs, ell over State
1 'oat make— . shake maker*, etc.
— HOTKL DEPARTMENT—
12 cooks, different places, $30 to $75 found.
Walters, dishwasher*,, bell and elevator boys
„,,. VOUR FARE PAID.
Milker. Round Valley. $30 found,
nutter and cheese maker. Itound Vallev. $35.
Cement •finisher. little exiwrfence $2 50 day
GARDENERS.
\ egetable gardener, ranch, boss here. $30 fd
Gardener, flowers, etc.; fare 40c; $30 and fd.
Painter, carriage nhop. $3 day
Sticker hand. *
Boy. tend city cigar store. $5 week
FOREMEN. $90.
.foremen Tor Nevada. Government work.
DUhwasher. lumber district, $25 found.
Boy learn blacksmith trade, $7 week
NURSES.
- rmrees. new institution, boss here, $35 fd.
- machinists, country Jobs. $2 50 $3 25 day
GARDENER— PRIVATE
4 gardenerr, country, boss here. $30 fd.
3 vegetable pardeners. country $30 fd
GOLD QUARTZ MINE.
Machine miner. ?ft0.
1st tlmberman. $S2 50. 2d timberman, $75.
n ranch teamsters, fare $1, $32 50 found.
0 teamsters haul gravel etc., fare 40c, $35 rd.
Machine driller.
Painter, city, plain work, $2 50 day
Painter, hotel $25 to $3<t fd.
Stone mason, rough rubble work, $4 day fd.
°ar<Jener, fare 25c, boss Al, our office,
ilaker'A helper, bread, cakes, fare 40c. $30 fd.
Baker's helper and drive wagon, city, $20 to
?25 fd.
German second cook, $40 fd.
Dishwasher, waiter, mine, boss here, $25 to
?30 fd.
Blacksmith, machine shop. J2 50 day.
. Married farmer, 40c fare, $45, house
2 laborers, city iron works. $2 a day.
3 boy* for steel and ion works, city," $5 wk.
Porter, city, good hotel, $25 and found.
Gardener,- ranch, extra good Job, $30 found.
Gardener, private family, San Mateo County,
t30 and found.
Night porter commercial hotel, i*>uth, $20 fd.
4 machine miner*. Northeast, $3 a day.
MURRAY & READY. 63*-<Btt Clay st.
LAUNDRYMEN! LAUNDRYMEN!
FARE REFUNDED.
2 laundrymen to do plain work of an institu-
tion; ea*y job
OR A
MAN AND WIFE, $C5 and found.
ManaKf-r at cur office to-day: »<*e him.
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay st.
RECEIVED IN 2 DAYS
85rt answers to our letter which appeared In
S. F. CHRONICLn. PAGE 10. COLUMNS 2.
and 3; S. F. CALL. PAGE », COLUMNS
1, 2 and 3. MONDAY. APRIL 4. l»04.
SUBJECT— GREAT AND LABOR
QUESTION: (1.500.00U) one and a half mil-
lion leaflets will be printed and distributed.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay »t.
A — BOY learn to print plgns, keep address
forms, run errands; $5 per week to ft ait.
ilt'RRAY & READY, 634-C30 Clay st.
WANTED for U. 6. army: able-bodied un-
married men. between area of 21 and 35;
1 Ulzi-r.t- of the United States, of good charac-
ter and temuerate habits, who can epeak.
read and write English. For information
apply to Recruiting Officer, Rialto building.
New Montgomery ft.. San Francisco, or 102»
Second St., Sacramento, Cal.
'*.— L ~U
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free, MOLER System
College. CSS Clay st.
BARBERS — For sale, well-furnished 2-chatr
vbop; rid >'tar.J; good business. Box 3004,
Call' office.
ERRAND boy wanted at 113 Davis et., FREY-
GANG-LEARY COMPANY.
WANTED — Barber'a apprentice. 751 Mission
street.
DRUG clerk wanted — Competent and experi-
enced; salary 5100 per month. Box 1213. Call.
GOOD cook wanted. 1500 Kentucky st.
WANTED — Young men for whaling cruise.
Apply Huml.ol.it House. 79 Jackson st.
TWO-CHAIR barber chop; cheap; cash. 46
Sacramento st.
FOR sale cheap — 2 barber chairs. 2 mirrors
and pole. Apply 346»£ Seventh st.
THREE-chalr barber shop; cheap; good loca-
tion; must sell; have other business. 211 6th.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 10* new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 23c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Boy from 14 to 18 years of age
for stock clerk. Apply between 9 -and 11
a- m. at HALE BROS'.
ALL-AROUND washer and engineer for coun-
try laundry: wages $2 50. Address box-H'JS,
Call office. |
EXPERIENCED solicitor for mercantile, credit
and collection agency; state experience, sal-
ary expected; references. Box 1206. Call.
TRY cur men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form nhoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
BOY about 16 or 17 for wholesale house: state
age and cxr>erience. Box 10S5, Call.
WANTED — Two young men to finish or learn
the barber trade free of charge. 627 Clay St.
THREE-CHAIR barber shop for sale on ac-
count of sickness; mutt be sold. 245 East at.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Barber School. "H Howard st.
YOUNG men. sailors, blacksmiths, carpenters,
green hande, for ships. Herman's, 27 Steuaxt.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullls. r. 40, Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. . H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Thjrd st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1003 Market at., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men'a shoea. allghtly damaged, half
price. 5C3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d ata.
GET your ml.ocr half-aoled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d sta.
HELP VfAJrTED— SOIiICrTO~a.
4 FIRST-CLASS solicitors: Eaatern financial
house; monthly guarantee. 405 Hearat bldg.
HOUSES AMJ WACOM.
AUCTION aale of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. 327 Sixth at.: every horae must be
as represented or money refunded. -*OHN J.
i DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOUR flne wrreyi. one pony bufgy, carls,
wagons and business buggiea for sale, cberfp.
1504-8 Folaom st.
SECOND-HAND open hacks, wagonette*. 3-
seaters end tuslnea; buicrlea. COHVILL
MANUFACTURING CO., 48 Eighth at ¦
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— Next
; eeenun begins June 0. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELEY. 610 Golden Gate ave.
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Address Nucleus. 190 Stevenaon. 8.F.
FOR sale — Laundry wagon and cart, cheap.
329 Noe at., near Market and Sixteenth.
FOR sale— Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1215. i
Call office.
Largr«t assortmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd. aur-
rey.harneaa. work-driving horses. 15th-Val»ncla.
WANTED — For summer months, well fur-
nished suburban home, with some grounda,
not over one hour's ride from San Francisco;
i will pay coud rental. Box 1219/ Call office.
WANT ADVERTISERS IN HEXT SUNDAY'S CALLSteamer. From. . Due.
Mongolia..... Norfolk ..Apr. 8
Elizabeth Coqullle River Apr. 8
Pomona...... Humboldt Apr. 8
Titanla Nanalmo . ..Apr. 9
G.W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria Apr. 9
Hero Oyster Harbor .Apr. 9
Mineola..:... Tacoma Apr. 9
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor ....Apr. 10
Centralla.... Grays Harbor Apr. 10
Bonlta Newport &. Way Ports. Apr. 10
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma..... Apr. 10
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom Apr. 10
State of Cal.. San Dieg 0 & Way Pts. Apr. 11
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports.... Apr. 11
Californian... New York '....Apr. 11
Spokane Humboldt : Apr. 11
Eureka Humboldt- ......; Apr. 11
Tellus... Oyster Harbor ...Apr. 12
Alliance : Portland &; Way Pts.JApr. 13
San Jose...:. New. York via PanamalApr. 13
Arcata Coos Bay. & Pt Orford. I Apr . 13
Argo Eel v River Ports. . .... Apr. 13
Santa Roea.. San Diego & Way Pts. Apr. 14
Oregon Portland & Astoria.... \pr/ 14
Santa Cruz... San Pedro & Way Pts. Apr. 14
Marlposa Tahiti Apr ' 15
Gaelic China & Japan........ Apr 16
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports. . . . Apr. IB
Amaslg.. v ... Seattle . < pr 19
Jeanie....^..:. Seattle & Tacoma. ..." Apr! 1»
Alameda Honolulu ............. Apr. 19
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
. , April 8. : ~~ f~~"
Eureka ..... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Arcata . Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
' } April 9. :
Argo Eel 'River Ports... -4 pm Pier 2
S. Cruz.... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier li
Jeanie. . . . ." Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 20
Newport. . . N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
Aurella..... Astoria & Portland 8 pm Pier 2
April 10.
Elizabeth.. , Coqullle River..... 10 "am Pier "0
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Centralla... Los Angeles -Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Pomona.... HumboWt - .'. ... 1:30 p Pier It
Senator.... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
•• April 12. ; •
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
April 13. I
Spokane.... Humboldt ......... 1 SO p Pier 9
Bonlta Newport &. Way.. D am Pler'll
April 14.
State of Cal San Diego * Way. 9 am Pier 11
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
r- ¦ v. .' . : April 15.::--, -¦ >. .-, ¦
Alliance Eureka & Coos B.j 5 pm Pier 16
City Puebla Pu»et Sound Ports. 11" am Pier - 9
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 10
April 16. . - .
Korea...... China & Japan:... 1 pm Pier 40
City Para.. N. Y via Panama 12/ m Pier 40
¦¦ ~ ."April 17. ::|- . | .- . .
Oregon..... Astoria &¦ Portland 111 am|Pier 24
Sun, ; Moori and Tide.
United States - Coast 1 and Geodetic Survey—
Timo and Height of High and Low Waters
Matters of Interest to Mariners r and
Shipping Merchants.
The barkentine Koko Head -(on PusetSound)
w-as charterc-a .-. prior ¦ to arrival -'for ¦ lumber
thence to Sidney at 3C», with option of Port
NEWS^OF THE OCEAN.
at .Fort Point.; entrance to San Fanclsco
: Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
•¦ NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city, front (Mission-street wharf) about "25
minutes later then at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same: at both places. •:/¦_¦
?£,*C"- FRIDAY, APRIL 8^ ~~~ •
— ¦, — ; j
Sun ¦ rises '.......¦..;... 4 v,..v. - rTTa
Sun sets !;vM!';!v.6 : 39
Moon rises ...1:34 a. m
m V me l ; ~- Tlme „ Time JTlme ~
It -= 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. v*
.", a W| L W . H W |lw ?T-'.
¦8" 5:29 4.5 12:23 0.7 7:37 4 41 • - - - -
¦ L W H W L w h'w'*""
9; 0:53 3.1 «:37 4.4 1:15 08 8-23 47
10, 1:51 2.8 7:42 4.4 2:01 09 9-0^ H
if '2:40 2.4 8:40 4.6 «:46 11 50
12 3:18 2.0 9:30 4.6 3:23 12 10 : 07 si
13 3:64 1.5 10:16 ,4.7 3:58 1.3 lO^ 51
14- 4:30 1.2 10:88 4.8 4:30 1.5 loibs 't.l
y NOTE— In the above exposition t of th« tides
the morning .tides are given In the Wt
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In: the order of occurrence as to time- thl
fourth time column gives "the last tide of thl
day. except, when there are-but three tides -as
sometimes . occurs.-. The . heights : given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus"",
*l E n precedes the height.' and then the number
given- is 4 subtracted - from the depth given by
the charts/ The plane of reference Is the nj«an
of the lower low waters, • .-"
Time Ball.
Branch- Hydrographic';. Office.' U. S. N. Mer
chants' Exchange, San" Francisco ' Cal
«¦-¦- April 7. 1904.: ¦ . " .'¦
' The ¦ Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was , dropped ; exactly, at'noon to-day—
1.' e.. at'noon of , the 120th - meridian. : or at '8
p.'m. Greenwich: time.'- T J." C". BURNETT v ¦
Lieutenant, U.S.;N.J in 'charge-'
Steamer. For. Sails.
J. Dollar. . ... Valdez : & Seward . .". ; . Apr. 9
Dlrigo. ...;... Skagway & Way. Ports. Apr. 10
Bertha....... Valdez & Way -Ports:: Apr. 10
Humboldt.'.r. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr.Ml
Alkl.. ........ Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 12
Cottage City.. Pkagway &, Way; Ports. Apr. 13
Dolphin.....; Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 14
Santa Ana. . . . Valdez 1 & Way Ports. Apr.' 16
Farallon...... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr.19
Water Front Notes.
Th» Oceanic Steamship Company's liner Ven
tura was placed on , Hunters Point drydock
yesterday to have her bottom cleaned and
painted.
The Coracao .sailed yesterday for Guaymas
and way port* with a full list of passengers."":
The scow schooner Mono." built for - the
Piper. Aden & Goodall Co., was launched yes
terday at South San Francisco.
The steamer . H. J. Corcoran, which on Sat
urday will commence a regular service between
Washington street wharf and Vallejo,' was "out
for a trial spin yeeterday afternoon. 1
The chip George Curtis Is to be converted
Into a bark. ¦ :...,'•. ¦
If Is reported that the steamer James Dol
lar, now In Alaskan waters, . struck buttom at
one of. the northern points.- She was reported
leaking slightly, -but able to proceed -on her
way. n v£Htaafe«MHin«m**vV(mflW4l!U|UCJ
The revenue cutter Daniel Manning, Captain
Tuttle. -which left hero In . search of the
schooner , -. Katlua, •- subsequently reported
wrecked, passed. Point Reyes at 4 o'clock yes
terday afternoon, homeward bound.
The Toyo Kisen ICalsha's liner America Maru.
turned back to - her owners • by I the ' Japanese
Government, called - yesterday from Yokohama
for this port. , ':'•,!¦
Has Crescent City's Engines.
The new cteam schooner Bee. Captain Weh
man, which , arrived yesterday from Grays
Harbor, is equipped with the engines and
boilers taken out of the Crescent City, which
was wrecked on Fish Rock.
< «
Steredore Has Skull Cracked.
Dennis Reardon, a stevedore, living at 77
Natoma street, was struck on the head'yes
terday at How'ard-6treet wharf by a coal
bucket. His skull was fractured, but the sur
geons at the Emergency Hospital think be will
recover. ,
Builders* Contracts,
A. Solari (own»r) with Ira W. Cobum (con
tractor), architects O'Brien fc Werner AJ1
work cicept painting, gas fixtures, mantels
end shades for alterations and additions to a
two -story frame building* »t 1227 Geary
etreet, between Franklin and Gough; $7250.
Albert Meyer (owner) with William A. New
eom (contractor), architects Martens & Coffey
—All work except plumbing, painting, mantels,
shades and gas fixtures for two three-story
frame buildings (six flats) on NE corner of
"Twentieth and Guerrero streets, N 67 by E
Same owner with H. J. Perazzl (contractor)
architects same— Draining, plumbing and gas
fitting for same cn came; $1730.
Albert A. and Anna Becker (owners) with
Caspar Zwlerle!n (contractor), architect
All work except mantels and gas fixtures for i
three-story frame builalng (three flats) on W
line of Guerrero street. Si N of Fifteentn W
100 by N 25; JS250.
James Clyde (owner) with Carl N. P. Ahl
gren (contractor), architect Augusth Nordln—
All work except mantels, shades and gas fix
tures for a three-story frame building on N
line of McAllister street. 107:0 E of Central
avenue, N 137:6 by E 25. Western Addition
block 611; $7210.
Mrs. M. M. PfMffer (owner) with Felix Mar
cuse (contractor*. architect— Brickwork.
concrete and cement work.< carpenter work
mill work, painting, plastering, pfumblng
glazinr and tinning for a. three-story frarn*
building (three flats) on lot on NE corner of
Fifteenth street and Caledonia alley, E 26 by
Edward F. Maggart (owner) with Cbarlen
E. Coburn (contractor). architect — All
work for a. three-story frame building on lot
on S line of California etreet. 131:3 W' of
Baiter, TV 25 by S 137:6, Western Addition
5S1: J.8000.
Federal Security Company (owners) with
Cook & Your.g (contractors), architects Sutton
& Weeks — All work except electric wiring and
elevator for brick and stone warehouse build
ing on lot on NW line of Howard street. 423
>J15 of Second. NE JM) by NW 165; $£1,725
Edward S. Rothschild (owner) with Qulmby
& HarrcUon (contractors), architect Frank S.
Van Trees — Concrete retaining walls, bluk
headlnsr, etc.. for on lot on SW corner
of Gougb and Jackson streets. W 60 by 3
125:8«i: *6189 C5.
Carl Braum (owner) with Charles J. U. Koe
nlg <oontractor). architect C. A. -Meussdorffer—
All work except plumbing, gasnttlng, sewer
work, painting, electric work, mantels, tiling
gas fixtures and ehado«. for a three-story and
basement frame bulldtng on the SW corner of
Clayton and Hayes streets. W 106:3 by S 25:
$7038.
Same owner with Adam Schaefer (contract
or). architect same — Painting, graining, var
nishing and tinting for hisp on same; $515
Same owner with G. l-\ Bernard (contract
or), architect wme — Plumbing, gasflttlng and
6cwer work for came on same; $500. .. .
•lamfh M. Patrick <ov.ner) with J. S. John
stone *• Bons <contractors». architects" Meyer
and O'Brien — Plumbing, including gas ecwer
fixtures. »te.. for a threc-«tory and bnsemont
fram^'buildtns «hotfl) un Ihf S lln* vt I'ine
ftrwt, 140:5 W of Polk, — 120, W 25, N 120
K 2v; $3479.
Movement of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Dorothea H. Katz to Otto turn Suden. undi
vided, half of lot on NW corner of 'Ellis «.nd
Laguna streets. N 63 by W 75: also lot on X
line of Pine street, 200:3 W of Flllmore. W
3i:4H by N 137:6; $10.
John E. Fitzpatrlck to M. J. Feely. lot on
S line of Fell street, 189:6 E of Webster. E
30:6 by S 120: $10.
Juliet J. Mezes to Fannie J. Black. lot on
"W line of Pillmore street, 50 N of Green. N
25 by W 60: 110.
Mary L. Holland to Frederika Fogler, lot on
N lino of Sutter etreet, 110 E of Pierce, B
27:6 by N 100; $10.
Caroline D. and George A. Moore to Helen
M. Tourtlllotte. lot on S line of. Union street,
143:6 W of Devisadero. W 25 by 8 137:6; 510.
Abraham C. and Josephine B. Freeman to
Florence M. Denlgan. lot on NE corner of
Washington and Baker streets, E 37:6 by X
102:8^4; $10.
Eugene A. and Clara A. Williams to Thomas
J. and Honora Crawford, lot on S line of Cali
fornia street, 181:3 E of Lyon. E 25 by 3
137:6; $10.
Balrd Estate (a corporation) to T. B. Draper,
lot on S line of Halght street, 150 E of Ash
bury, E 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Thomas and Elizabeth Fox to Thomas A.
Nerney, lot on S line of "Washington street.
12S:5?i E of First avenue. E 2S:5»; by S
127:834; $10.
Thomas A. Nerney to Hattie V. Nerney,
same; gift. „
Belle H. Plumme to Carl G. and Cora X.
.Tepsen, lot on S line of Jackson str^t. 75:3
W of Cherry, W 3-1:11. SW 129, B 33:'», N 129;
$10.
James C. Jordan to Jessie F. Banks, lot on
E line of Michigan avenue. 100 N of Rich
mond, N 33:4 by E 120; $10".
Langct Investment Company to Peter D.
Bcrnhard, lot on SW corner ' of ** Carl and
Shrader streets, S 100 by W 29; $10. -
Frank and Ellse Herten to Augusta Kiesen
dahl. lot on S line of Dorland street, 289:0tJ
E of Church, E 27, S 70, W 4:9t», S 30 W
22:2!i. N 100: $10.
Mathilde Schleeman (wife of John) to Joseph
P. and Sarah J. Hayes, lot on B line of
Sanchez street, 22:14 S of . Twenty-fifth. S
21:104 by E 8l:8',5; $10.
F. L. Turpin to Isabella Turpln, undivided
1-3 ot lot on NE corner of Twenty-third and
Douglas streets. N Ifi3, E 134:3, P 50. E 34:44.
S 25. E 49:10Vi, 3 90. W 21S:6; also undivided
¥t of lot on NE corner of Twenty-fifth and
Douglas streets. E 80 by N 114; $10.
Larkin M. Haycraft to John M. Kepner,
undivided 4 of lot on E line of Powell street.
77:6 N of Broadway. N 60 by E CO; $10.
Edith Cook to Sterling Postley, lot on N
line of Filbert street, 137:0 E of Mason. E
68:0, N 65:7, NW 93:7H, W 8:10, S 137:6; $10.
Sterling and Ethel C. Postley to George A.
Knight, same: $10. '
Estate of Margaret G. Ruddell (by J. B.
Martin, administrator) to Justin and Mane
Travellier, undivided 1-3 of lot on S line of
O"Farrell street. 160:6 W of Mason, W 23 by
S»137:6; $I1,66«. .• . -
Annie Martin to same. a,U same; $10.
Robert G. and Rose Brownlie to Emile and
Pelagle Gciter. lot on E line of Jones street,
45:10 S of Vallejo. S 4.1:10 by E 58:9: $10.
E. J. . Le Breton and ; William , R. Sloan to
."William J. Bryaa, lot on S line of Union
street, 53:6 W of Leavenworth, W 28 by S
137:6. - quitclaim deed: $10. .
William J. and Sarah A. Bryan to Peter
Mlchelettl. same: $10.
John M. and Eva I* Kepner to Lnrkin XI.
Haycraft. undivided V 3 of lot on N line of
Jackson street. 220 W of Hyde. W 27:6 by N
137:6; ?10. *
Charles K. and Gussle F. Howe and Samuel
F.and Julia J. . Weeks to American Land and
Trust Company. ' lot on R line of Mississippi
street. 358 N of Twenty-fifth, N 75 by E
100; $10.
Harriet Purdoe to Elizabeth Kennedy, lot
on E,- line of Fourth avenue, 150 S of Lake
street. S 25 by E 120: $10.
James and Margaret McGrath to James M.
Notice to Mariners.
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA— ALASKA.
TREE POINT LIGHT STATION.
(.List of lights and fog signals. Pacific
Coast. 1903. page 4 S, No. 220: list of bea
cons and-. buoys. Pacific Coast, 1903, , page 81,).
Notice Is hereby given that, on or abont
April 30, 1904, a fixed white light of the
third order, illuminating 216 degrees of the
horizon, will be established in the structure
now being completed on the westerly ex
tremity oE Tree Point, easterly side of the
southerly entrance to Revlllagigedo Channel,
and about four miles to the northward and
westward of Cape Fox.
The focal plane ot the light will be 80H
feet above the water, and 66Vj feet above
Ihe base of the tower, and the light will be
visible 15 miles In clear weather, the eye of
the observer 15 feet above the sea. " The light
will not be visible to the eastward of west
northwest ?» v;est and southeast *,i east,
bearings from seaward.
The approximate geographic position of the
light, as taken from . chart No. 8100 of the
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey. vWlll
be: Latitude, north. 54 degrees 48 minutes
<13 Beconds): longitude, west, 130 degrees
55 minutes <40 seconds). Dundas Island. . left
tanrent, southeast by east. 13V» miles; Zayas
Island, right tangent, south % west, ¦ 13%
miles; Barren Island, 6outhwest 5-16 west,
15 miles: Cape Northumberland, Duke Island,
wost-southwest 9-16 west, 15U miles.
On the same date there will be established
In the structure a first-class automatic siren,
operated by compressed air. to sound, during
thick or foegy weather, blasts of- three sec
onds' duration separated by silent Intervals of
27 seconds, thus: Bla^t, 3 seconds — silent In
terval. 27 seconds— blast, 3 seconds— silent In
terval, 27 seconds.
The structure consists of an octagonal one
story fog-signal building with pyramidal roof
surmounted by an octagonal tower supporting
the lantern. The building /Is white with
brown roof: the tower is white, and the lan
tern itray with black roof.
Two oilhouses. white with brown roofs, -are
located 50 and 100 feet easterly from the fog
sirnal building. • ~
On the same date the temporary fixed white
lens-lantern light will be permanently dis
continued. _„
(7j. II. B. Bulletin No. 146. paragraph 28).
B»arlnsi» are magnetic: and given approxi
mately; miles are nautical miles; height is
referred to mean high water.
Bv order of the Lighthouse. Board;
•' - . • J. J. READ,
Rear Admiral, U. S. Navy. Chairman.
Shipping'- Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
- Thursday. April 7.
U S stmr Daniel Manning. Tuttle, from
cruise in search of wrecked schr Kallua.
Slrr.r Santa Rosa. Alexander, 41 hours irom
San Piceo and way ports.
Stmr Bee, Wehman, »8 hours from Grays
SUnr'Glpsy. Leland, 16 hours from Monterey
and way ports. > ¦„•.,.,''
Stmr Jeanie, Downing, 6 days from Seattle.
Stmr Areo. Dunham, 25 hours from Port
Kenyon. -
Etmr MagEle, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Nlcolson, 66 hours from
San Pedro and way ports. . ;"'¦-'• -'•
Tug f>a Rover, Thompson. ,10 hours from
Caspar with schr Bella In tow.
Schr Virginia. Nelsson. 7 days from Co
lumbia' River. ¦
Pchr Jennie Griffin, Gibson. 8 hours from
Bollnas. " ' ¦ . ¦ ' .
Fchr Ida A. Campbell. 6 hours from Pplnt
Hehr Bella. Jen son. IB hours from Caspar,
In tow of tur Sea Rover.. - '—<" ¦'
CLEARED. ' •; '
.Thursday, April 7.
Ship Lt »wellyn J. Morse. Marshall. Labasha
Bay; Alaska Packers' Association.
SAILED." ' ' •
.-Thursday, April 7.
Btmr Magcle. Corning, . Halfmoon Bay.
Rtmr State of California. Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr Unlmak, Hansen, Karluk. \
Stmr Curacao, .I'ouleen, Guaymas, eto.
f-trnr Oregon, Doran, Astoria, - >
Stmr 'Spokane, Nopander, Eureka.
-• Stmr , Aurelta, Erickson. . Astoria.
BUtn Fremont, Kelton, : codfishln«r. ".
Bktn Skasrit. Robinson. Bristol Bay. •
Schr .Tessle Minor, Jorgenson, Grays, Harbor..
Schr Mary C. ' Campbell. Bodega-
Schr Berwick. Jacobsen. i Rogue River. \
spoken; -
March ' SI— Lat 40 ' N. - long Zt ': W.\ Ft bark
Germaine, from Oregon. • for : Queenstown.
' - TELEGRAPHIC. V.
POINT LOBOS. Aoiil 7, - 10 p m— Weather
hazy;, wind calm. . . r. -> \- , ,
DOMESTIC PORTS./
I PORT TOWNSEND— 8alled 'April 7— Br ship
Clan Robertson, , for *; Sydney: ,\ schr Barbara
Hernster, for whaling cruise. ¦ -~. . ¦
PORT TOWNSEND-^-Salled . April " 7— Schr
Robert c L«e wers, from • Port t Gamble, for ; Hono- .
lulu.:-.' ¦ -,,,¦ ¦ .-¦;¦.: ¦ -- ' ¦¦-. .,-. ¦- '; '- . :..'
-Passed Inward ..ADrll -7 — Stmr.'! Sen. < Mateo,
from Port Ix>s Angeles,'- for Tacoma. . .
ASTORIA— Salkd . 'April* 7— Stmr ' (}eo W
Elder, for: San rFrancisco.v stmr "Alliance.".? for
Coos Bay. . ¦:,.--- , '. . .' r .,.
' Arrived April. 7 — Bktn Chehall?,- from Hono
lulu. .: . . ...
¦ Sailed Acril 7 — Fr'barU "La ' Fontaine. : for
Qutanstown; Br ehlp Cromartyshlre. .for South
Africn.- - ;:'."%_.^ .<¦•». '¦'- "¦¦ ' - '>¦ ¦---¦::...
SEATTLE— Arrived April - 7— Stmr Cottage
Citj-.~; from- Skagway.. ¦ '
TATOC'SH— Pacsed out April 7— Schr Geo W.
Natal or Delagoa Bay at B5s. or from Hast
ings Mills to Sydney at 31s 3d.
RUSSIAN BARKENTINE BERING.
WHICH MAY HAVE BEEN CAP
TURED BY THE JAPANESE.
Afternoon Session
COO Andes 34! 60 Mexican 2 20 1
200 Caledonia ... SKI 100 Op!iir 5 374:
100 Caledonia ... «Sl iOO Ophir 5 M
4.V) Caledonia ... S5| 500 Overman £0
I 7i>0 Chollar 15] S00 Savage 43
300 Con C & Va.l 751 450 Scorpion 15 •
2000 Con Imperial. 021 100 Sierra Nev .. f.8 "
100 Confidence ... 78! 300 Silver Hill .. K0 ¦
1 2C0 Gould & Cur. 35j iOO Union Con .. "SO ¦
100 Mexican 2 23' 200 Yellow Jacket. Z0 ¦
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Etock Exchange yesUrday:
Morning Session.
T.0O Belcher 20! 50 Ophir 5 SO !
200 Caledonia .. .1 c«| 100 Ophir 5 37U
100 Caledonia ... HS| 500 Scorpion 16
300 Caledonia ... 0«; 1000 Scorpion 15
1(K) Con C & V.I 774! 200 Seg Belcher .. 13 .
100 Gould & Cur. 39 1 100 Sierra Nev ..- 70 '
100 Gould & Cur. S«| 21*0 1'nion Con . -| S2 :
.".00 Gould & Cur. S5| 2C0 Cnlon Con . . SO j
j S00 Mexican 2 IS! 100 I'nion Con .. Kl j
100 Mexican 2 30] 200 Utah 14]
Afternoon Session. j
POO Andes 3fi[ 100 Overman 20 1
2"0 Andes 34 1 2C0 Savage 45'
:»0T; Bullion t!<! 600 Scorpion 15
lOi, Caledonia ... »l; 100 Sierra Nev .. eft
10D Caledonia ... K7| 900 Silver Hill-., f 9 >
<SO0 Chollar 151 200 Union Con .. SI 1
l«v» tzon C * Va.l TSJ .%00 Union Con SO I
CO-) Kentu:* . CX| 500 Yellow Jacket 80 !
TQNOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were th» sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
2<V» Mont Ton ...J 35| 400 Ton Midway.. 37
200 Mont Tcn..l 374! 200 Ton N Star.. 32
Afternoon Session. .
200 Mont Ton..l 3741 400 Ton Midway.. 3T
200 Mont Ton..l 4241 • * !
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. April 7—4 p m.
Bid. Ask. i Bid.Ark.
Alpha W 07iJunlce 0."! 04
Alia C8 09!Kentuck 02 03 1
Andes :« 3<JKeyes Graes.. S5 90 '
Belcher IS l»;Lady Wash .. — 06!
Hest & Belch.2 10 2 50! Mexican 2 25 2 HO '
Bullion OS C9jOccldental ... 86 SS '
-Caledonia ... M SCiOphir 5 374 5 10 i
Challenge Cn 24 26, Overman 20 22 '¦
Chollar 1<> 17!Potosl 21 22 J
Confidence ... 7K K0!Scorpion 15 jjj j
c?on C & Va.l 75 1 SOiSavage 45 4fl '
Con Imperial. Ot 02fSeg Belcher .. 12 13 I
Con NY 02 03! Sierra Nev .. 6T 6?'
Crown Point. 16 17!Silv*.r Hill .. ft3 fiO !
East Sierra N 06 — tSt 'Louis ..... 10 13 {
Eureka Con.., — KO'Syndicate .... 04 05!
Exchequer .. 22 23!Unlr>n Con .. SO fi*» !
Oould & Cur. 34 ::.*.! "tali is i« j
Hale & Norc. RT» t>0| Yellow Jacket ~) 39
Julia rtl 0.-.I
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Atk.l Bld.A«k.
Ksperanza ... — 01 ! Ton A Cal . . 21
Gipsy Queen. — 3<>jTon Exten . . 70 75
Hannapah ... — 10!Ton * G W.. 06
IJttle Ton .. 21 —Ton of N»v..R W9 ftj
MacNamara ., IS 20 Ton N Star.." 30 3"
Mont Ton..1 S7>,» 1 40!Ton Midway.. 36 3gl
Paymaster... — O?|Ton Superior.. — r» I
Hay & OBrien O2 — jUnited Ton ..10 -Z\
Hescue O7 — {West End .. — ~o
Ton Belmont. 59 C1I ,
Com in nod From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
The Lamorna's fate is no longer in
doubt. The British ship, which sailed
from Puget Sound March 1 for
Queenstown, was wrecked. Her shat
tered remains strew the waters of Bar
clay Sov/nd and the chaff from her
carj;o of. wheat is scattered along the
beach for miles. Incidentally, the lo
cal speculators, who refused to accept
the previously reported findings of
wreckage as evidence of the vessel's
being lost and backed their faith in
her safety with hard cash, lose more
than 520,000 by her destruction.
The confirmation of the Lamorna's
loss was taken to Victoria yesterday
by the officers of the steamer Tees.
They report Barclay Sound full of the
wreckage of the missing ship. They
identified portions of the deck boats,
the hardwood lumber of which the
deckhouses had been constructed,
about twenty hatches, spars and yards.
They also report that the chaff from
her wheat cargo had drifted ashore,
clearly establishing the fact that the
Lamorna had been utterly demolished.
The Lamorna was a vessel of 2159
tons register and wm commanded by
Captain Crichton. She left Tacoma
March ]. After her departure a ter
rific southeaster swept the coast. Some
days later it was reported that a. boat
marked "Lamorna" had washed
ashore on the Vancouver Island coast.
Other wreckage was found, among one
batch a package of letters belonging to
the Lamorna's mate. With the finding
of the first wreckage the underwriters
reinsured their risk and as each subse
quent find was reported the rate of re
insurance advanced until It reached
90 per cent.
The steam schooner AlHance picked
up one of the Lamorna's boats far to
the southward of where the wreckage
had been found and the rate dropped
to 75 per cent.
- In spite of al! the wreckage found
the high rate offered tempting odds to
the local speculators and nearly every
man that ever plays "overdues"
bought Lamorna "to arrive."
In all more than $20,000 of local
money was invested on the fate of the
wrecked vessel. It is thought that
she sustained serious damage in the
southeaster, but survived it and got
to the southward of where the Alliance
picked up her boat. .In clearing the
wreckage this boat was probably
thrown overboard. Captain Crichton
later, it is thought, decided to return
and was sailing back to Puget Sound
when disaster overtook his ship and
all on board. It was known that the
Lamorna steered badly, and, being
damaged in the southeaster, probably
became unmanageable in a subsequent
blow and was driven on the rocks of
the Vancouver' coast.
»
Russian . Barkentine Overdue.
The Russian barkcntlne Bering, which left
Yokohama sixty-nine days ago for this port,
has not yet Arrived, and fears are expressed
for her safety. It Is possible that she may
have fallen a prize to the Japanese navy. The
Bering is a steel vessel of 377 tons register and
th« only vessel flying the Russian Jlajr that l»
familiar at this port. She Is owned by the
Kamtchatka Commercial Industrial Company
of St. Petersburg. Roth, Blum & Co. are her
agents at this port.
»J
Confirms Loss of Kaflua.
The steamer Tees, which arrived yesterday
at Victoria, brought confirmation of the loss
of the schooner Kailua and reports the ves
sel's deck ashore thirty miles from where her
bull Is stranded.
Watson, for San Francisco: schr F 8 Redfleld,
from Olympla, for San Pedro; bktn J 1» Evls
ton. from Tacoma. for Port Los Angeles; Br
bark Zinlta. for Adelaide; Fr bark Marie, from
Tacoma. for Adelaide. -
Passed In April 7 — Stmr San Mateo, from
Port Los Angeles, for Tacoma; Br stmr "Wel
lington, hence April 4, for Ladysmltb.
Passed out April 7 — Br ship Clan Robertson,
from Port Ludlow, for Sydney.
HEDOXDO- Sailed April 7— Schr W H
Smith, for Port Townsend.
BELLINGHAM — Sailed April 7 — Stmr
Rainier, for San Francisco.
WHATCOM— Arrived April 3— Bark Fresno,
hence March 23. , ¦
SOUTH BEND— Sailed April 6— Schr Chal
lenger, for San Pedro. \
Sailed Aarll T— Bktn Arago, for San Fran
cisco. - •
PORT HARFORD— Sailed April 7— Stmr
Asuncion, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived April 7 —
Stmr Alcatra-z, from San Pedro, and sailed for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 7— Schr Ex
pansion, from Grays Harbor; schr Lottie Car
son, from Eureka; stmr, Bonlta, hence April 5.
Sailed April 7— Schr Ethel Zane, for Port
Townsend; stmr Bonlta, for San Franctoco;
schr Stimson.-for Ballard; bktn Retriever, for
Port Hadlock.
. ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed April 7— Br stmr
Aorangi, for Vancouver; U S rtmr Sheridan,
for San Francisco.
Arrived April 7— Ship Bangalore, from Saa
Pedro. .. ,
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived April 6— Ship
Benjamin F Packard, from TVhatcom; . stmr
Hawaiian, from Honolulu. .
FOREIGN FORTS.
COLON— Arrived Ai>ril 4— Stmr Allianca.
from New York.
Sailed April 8— Stmr Eeguranca, for' New
York. . . .
HAMBURG— Arrived A»rll 6— Fr bark Anne
de Bretaroe. for Santa Rosalia.
VICTORIA— Arrived April 6— Stmr Cottage-
City, from Skagway. •
HONGKONG— Sailed April 7— Jap »tmr
America Maru, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GENOA— Arrived April 7— Stmr Prinx Adel
bert. from New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed April 7— Stmr La
Touraine, for Havre: rtnir Princess Alice, for
Bremen; stmr Deutschland, for Cherbourg and
Hamburg. •
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 7— Stmr Fries
land, from Philadelphia; stmr Saxonia, from
Boston. ¦ . .
GLASGOW— Arrived Aorll 7— Stmr Sar
dinian, from Boston. ¦
__ HONQKONG— Arrived April 6— Stmr Doric,
from San Francisco, via Honolulu and Yoko
hama, etc.
The physicians recently appointed by
the Board of Health to make daily In
spections of the general health of the
children and teachers In all the public
schools of the city met last night with
the members of the Board of Health
and the School Directors in the City
Hall. After outlining plans for the
medical examination of the children* in
the schools, it' was decided to ' drop
from the rolls all teachers suffering
from defective eyesight or hearing.
Dr. Ward, president of the Health
Board, said:
It is a pleasure for me to say that the pres
ent Board of Health does not represent a politi
cal body, and, while it is most grateful to
Mayor Schmitz for the - unstinted confidence
that he " has rested . with it, it is . bound
by no creed other than the upbuilding of a
stronger city and a better community through
the introduction of wholesome and modern san
itary ideas. We believe that you will under
take and perform your part in the creation of
a. better San Francisco through the various
means suggested for school inspection, which
ultimately will lead to a larger and healthier
community.
Duties of the inspector commence with the
time ot his daily visit to the school. Usually
ho Is expected to make h's morning visit be
tween 9 and 10. thus giving the teacher the
time to note those who appear to be 111 and
have them ready for the medical examiner
when he arrives. A partial or complete diag
nosis may be made of the various cases, but
unless/the disease is clearly of an infectious or
contagious character, it is usually advisable to
send the child home, with the advice to the
parent that it requires medical attention. In
case the disease is infectious or contagious tba
child should be sent home immediately.
In case of doubt (diphtheria) a culture
should be taken, and in addition to notifying
the parent the proper health officers should
also be advised promptly, either by postal, as
seems to be the method mostly In use, or bet
ter by telephone. Under such circumstances,
if several cases are found he should visit th«
several classrooms in the school building, pay
ing special attention to the one from which tba
suspected case or cases originated, and exam
ine every pupil, making cultures from those
who present any evidence of sore throat.
Children with tuberculosis w^ll not be
permitted in any school in this city and
county. A special corps of specialists,
under the direction of Dr. Louis Dean,
will look after eyes, ears and noses of
the children. Where a child is sent
home, blanks, signed by the inspecting
physician, telling the cause or probable
cause of the sickness, will accompany
the little one. If a child is absent from
school the teacher will inquire the
cause of the sickness and report the
same to the inspecting physician. f
President Roncovieri of the Board of
Education was "present and informed
the members that the Board of
Education was thankful for the assist
ance to be rendered it and stated
it would assist the physicians in
every way. The work of inspection will
begin next Monday.
SALT LAKE. Utah, April 7.— The
action of the General Conference of
the Mormon church yesterday in de
claring all who may take plural wives
¦will be liable to excommunication and
will not be protected in any way has
given many prominent Mormons vis
ions of the penitentiary-
The action of President Joseph F.
Smith in forcing this action came as
an unpleasant surprise to those who
had recently entered into new plural
marriages, supposing the authorities
would wink at it, much less punish
such a step. President Smith declared
on the stand in Washington that he
still believed polygamy to be divine,
although he 'denied the practice was
continued. The polygamists felt mora
secure than ever. Now If President
Smith and the other church authori
ties stand by the -principles affirmed
yesterday they. must help to produce
evidence in polygamy cases and they
must punish ecclesiastically whera
there is proof of guilt.
It is regarded as highly doubtful
that the church will take the* initiative
in any such matters, but if seemingly
conclusive evidence of polygamy Is
produced before the Senate Committee
on Privileges and Elections, now hear
ing the Smoot case, showing that cer
tain persons have contracted plural
marriages since the- Woodruff mani
festo against It, the belief is the
church authorities can hare no other
recourse except to excommunicate the
culprit. According to the Mormon be
lief excommunication would cut off all
hope of going to heaven, but that does
not worry the polygamists so much as
the prospect of going to the peni
tentiaryl
There are some cases which th»
Senate committee is already preparing
to investigate and the principals are
frightened. Subpenas have, been is
sued for Angus M. Cannon and for
Lillian Hamlin Cannon. Mrs. Cannon
is alleged to have been polygamously
married successively to three of Can
non's sons. David and Abraham H.
are dead, but the third, now living,
has departed suddenly for Canada.
Apostle John W. Taylor, M. F. Cow
ley and George Teaadale, all accused
of having taken plural wives since the
manifesto and all wanted by the Sen
ate committee, together with other
witnesses in the same case, are on
the underground. Elder S. S. New
ton, another polygamist, has also dis-r
appeared, so has J. M. Tanner, Sun
day-school leader. It is expected that
others, some of them of prominence,
will do likewise until the general in
terest dies away. : V:
Mann, lot on E lice of Twenty-eighth avenue,
250 N of Clement street, N 25 by E 1M; $10.
Edward Ward to Catherine F. Hill twlfe of
Thomas I>-), lot on W lln« Of Third avenue.
200 S of Clement street. S 50 by W 120: SIO.
John O. and Maude A. Jury to Rowena M.
Danbauer, lot on W* line of Twenty-fifth av»
nu». 25 N of A street. N 50, W 100:8. 3 5u,
E 101 :0U: $10.
Bay District Land Company to Patrick J.
McGafflgan, lot on N line of A street. 32 :0
E of Second avenue. E 25 by N 100: f IO.
Patrick J. McGafHgan to Mary H. McGatn
gan. same; gift.
John C. and Annie M. Spencer to Fred B.
Surrhjne, lot on E line of Twenty-first ave
nue, S50 N of Fulton street, N 60 by E 120;
$10.
Margaret Gleason to Percy L. and Mary G.
Cozzens, lot on SE line of Thirty-fourth ave
nue and U street, E 3-J:6 by S 100; $10.
James Eva Estate <c©rporatlon> to F. W.
Magorty. lot on E line ot Dolores street. 88
S of Thirtieth, S 25. E 147.13. NE to point
opposite beginning, W 15&.33, block SI, Fair
mount: $10.
] Max and Tessie Salomon to James A. Daw
son, lots 3 and 4, block 17, Fairrnount: $10.
Moses and Eva Salomon to tame, same, quit
claim deed: $10. ¦••'
Nicholas. Mathilda, Henry and Catherine M.
Ohlandt and John A. and Mary M. Buck to
Oscar Heyman. lot on W line of Saratoga
street, 300 S of Woolsey, W 240, S 87:8. NE
243:8. N 44:4, lots 4 and S, b!Vk 174. Univer
sity Extension; $10.
Ellen McKeon to William D. McKeon. lot
on W line of Fifteenth avenue, 175 S of R
street, S 25 by W 100, lot 17. block 303, Haley
Tract; $10.
Ellen Johnson to John Murphy, lot on X
line of Farallon strest. 300 W of Plymouth.
W BO, N 125. E 55. 8 125, Railroad Home
stead; $100.
D L. Donnelly vs. C Hunt, et aJs.. to Anton
Metten and C. Gebhardt. lots 14 to IS. block C.
College Homestead Association; $1250.
THURSDAY. APRIL. 7.
Nathan Corlnson to Louis Katz. lot en N19
corner of Green and Buchanan streets, B 95 by
N 110: $10.
Amelia Harris (wife of Edward) to Joha
Glanz, lot on E Une of TVeb«t«r rtreet, 100 N
of Union. N 23 by E 137:6; $10.
Charles Ehn to Clara. M. Elm. lot on E tint
of Central aremie, 77:5 N of McAllister street.
N 60:1 by E 82:6; elft.
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Prsnelio
(rrli^lous corpora£ion sole) to Hugh A. and
Catherine E. McManus, Tot on S ltne o! Six
teenth street, 401:2 K of Dolores. V. 27, 8 S3.
W 1, SW 27:.\ W 20:*. N 110; $10.
Carl and Ss'.lna G. Beckman to IIlo J. and
TJItta GadelJ, lot on S line of Fourteenth street.
265 W of Sanchez. W 25 by S 115; $10.
Charles II. Smith to Elrcta I*. Camp, lot' on
E line of San Jose avenue, 18ft N of Twenty
fifth street. N 37 by B 90; $10. -
William H. and Henrietta E. Wright to Ja
cob "Weissbeln, lot on N line of Twenty-fourth
street. 125 E of Douglas-. E 31:8 by N 114;
$10.
Katherlne A. Rivers (wife of Thomas) to
Delvan B. Akard, lot on W Iin« of Castro
street. 51:6 S of Twenty-eighth, S 25 by W
106: $10.
- i Elizabeth McGovern to Gustaf C. and Ann*
K. Johnson, lot on N' line of Elizabeth street,
228:4 W of Castro. W 25:10 by N 114: $10.
.William Satntnis et al. to the Holmes Invest
ment Company, lot en SS corner of Bay and
Dupont streets. E 183:4, S 68:9. W 91:9, 3
45:9, W 91:8, N 114:6; $10.
George D. ami Charlotte J. GraybHI and Syl
via A. Uhl to Abraham. Ruef. lot on SE cor
ner of Taylor and Beach streets, E 137:6 by 3
107:6; $10.
' Union Trust Company of San Francisco to
Marie I* Thompson, lot on W line of Twenty
seventh avenue. 100 S of .Lake street. S 25 by
AV 120: $10.
Aususta; George and-Grace Boyd to Charles
"W. Pope, lot on S lino of Clement . street. 82:*
W of Tsventy-seventh avennc, W 25 by S 100:
$io;
• J. - H. and Cora W. Morton to John M.
Matthews, lot on W Una . of Thirty-fomrth
avenue. =50 N of Pe-lnt Lobos avenue, N 5O by
w 120: sio. r
Theresa E. and William : E. Busse to John
Perry, lot on W line of Tenth avenue, 225 N
of A street. N 25 by W 120: $tf».
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Nicotine
nice (wife of Peter)." lot on NE corner of
Second avenus and B street. E 105 by J» 25;
$10.
¦ Same to Esther McShane, lot on X line of R
street, SO W of First avenue, W 25 by.N 100;
$10.
Solomon and 'Dora Getx to Hedwir Glemsfr.
lot on E line of Thlrty-sbtth avenue. 100 N
of B strFet, N 50 by E 120; $10.
Emlle and Maud Million to SarahrH. Wright,
lot on E line .of Sixth avenue, 60 N of I street,
N 25 by E 05; $10.- '
- "William I^nnon to Daniel C. Deasy. lot on
Eline of Eleventh avenue. 200 S of I street.
S 25 by;E 120; $10.
.William Le-nnon to Celestine E. Benard. lot
on E line ; of i Eleventh avenue, 175 9 of I
street. S 25 by E 120: $10.
¦ ' •Arthur, • Amy . and Simon Bachman. Eaber*.
Bachman & Co.. to.OBcar'Heyman.* lot on vr
line of Harper street. .125 S.of Thirtieth, S* 33
by^VjlOO.^lot 110, block 2*. Mission and Thir
tieth-street Homestead Union; '$10.
Continental, Bulldlnz- and Loan Association
to John Z Obcrhause. Iftt .1501. gift map I: $10.
George S.and OUlc E. Crim to Oscar 1 ley
man. . lot on E line . of •- Andover (McClelUnt
utreet. 225 N of Euscnla. N 5O by E 70. lol».
liJ5 an.l 1. ".7. gift map I: $10. _
Theodore -A. and Annie Ei«en to E<Jward G.
Eifcn. lot 162 Gift Map 1: $5.
; Edward G. and Eva U Elsen to Oscar Her
man.-. same:$io -
'•Idella M. Ada'ma to Leonard V. Ttoberts. lot
84. block P. Park Lane Tract No. ft; $!••
3ldrihons Who Have Violated
the Laws Are Leaving the
State for Parts Unknown
Teachers Who Are Afflicted
With Defective Eyesight
or Hearing to Be Dropped
CAMPAIGN IS OUTLINED
PEINCIPALS AEE MISSING
Senate Committee Is Prepar
ing to Investigate Many
Plural Marriages in Utah
Steamer Tees. Finds Barclay Sound Littered With the British Ship's
Hatches, Houses, Spars and Cargo— Local Speculators Who
Plaiyed the Vessel to Arrive Lose More Than $20,000
Physicians Xamed to Visit
Schools Confer With Sani
tary Guardians of the City
PUPILS' HEALTH
TO BE GUARDED
POLYGAMISTS
ARE WORRIED
CERTAINT Y OF LAMORN A'S
LOSS IS NOW ESTABLISHED
THE SAN FRANCISCO; GALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 8; 1904.
14
MARRIAGE LJCENSES.
iianlaje license* were issued yesterday as
foilotvs:
Arsili U Cervelli. U3. lCOJ^i Dupcnt street. 1
uil Sarah FHetM. a.".. 2 Montgomery «^urt i
Alexinder !. Hunter. 02. Duttuns iJindirg,
and Alice M. !-undfrvllle. £!. Sacram nto.
Patrick J. Clarke 3<>. 11-1 tttertoa street.
a:i1 iB'tdget Flt=e*ra!d. 24. 742 O'Karrr!!.
William B. Orietree. 31. SWt BaUer street,
and Annie I Utcan. '§¦ 2»C7 BaU»r street.
John lUlntr, 23. IIS Russia avenue, and
Lina Kteub. "4, 4S00 Mission jrtreet.
Domini-a Uigiorno C«. ."•<»$ Union street,
and Maria It. Dlto. 17. 5(J3 Union street. 1
.Tames B. Brady. 24. New York City, and I». I
Ethel MIUs. :'l. 53«i Taylor strft-t.
Alphons" rtaumc^ous. 2*. C46 Merchant
tlraet. and Eurenie Touriu, -4. Oakland.
Jchi; A. R. Tilsjn. 25. Los> Anceles, ard
Clhc-1 H. Andiff.a. '2Z. Salt I*^ Oty. Utah.
Jam,-.. McNamara. SO, V2 Twenty-ninth
str*t. and Delia (TTma*. 2.I. 32CA Tehama.
Adolrh Fritz. 24. 124 ii Wolsh street, and
Helen Henscn. 21. 124 »* Wolfrri »treet.
Robert E. CVowlcy. 25. 1WHJ Fotsom street,
and Claire L. ljunnicliff. 21. Nevada City.
Henry Halahcrt. 2S. 815 .lackscn str;«t. and
Marie Couly. 1«. 22 Trrntcn street.
Emil O. Uorten. 2-1 54."» Fulton Ftreet. and
Frida E. Pun.iink. 25, 54J Fulton rireet.
1'eorse W. l»»nle»?. 21. 427 I»r.iba:M street,
and Victoria Pinzori, 21. 1010', Natorna *mci. |
Max ScVuster* ~. 703 Taylor street, and |
Map. lxi> Roches 34. 70^ Taylor street. !
!-uQwiK r. Hegl.urg. ::5. ---"is IMlmore j
y\rpf. ai.<! Annie Plrx 1 !'. 2'. 2S0* Pin^ etreet.
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
1
Birth, rr.arrirjre a:id denth notices ten. by t
?;:tii will not be inserted. Th'-T must be handed J
n lit «Ww cf -.h» publicaton offices and be
¦ndorscd wltl. the name an.l residence of per-
fon» authorized l» have the same published. ,
Nottan rwtrlctt-J «;mply to the announcement ,
of the event r.re published OBCe In this column |
free of chars'-.
BORN.
6HEPSTOX— 1« th'.s city. March 2C. 1904, to
th» Wtf» o? A. L. BhepstOO. a daughter.
THnRP-3n t*<is city, M«nh 31. 1^'»«. to the
i.'e of Clem'nt B. Thorp, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BMTCOCK— FENNETT- In this «ity Arril «.
UKM. b- the Rev. WISliani N. Me»n»,
< hsr'.e* li. rsbi-nck and lvah !'. liennett,
'•pth of *ian Francisco.
(.T.KUiHTOX-BOPEX-ln this city, April J».
I3O4. f. *¦• PMrfCk** Church, bv- the B»v.
father «-urr>tt»lr.s. Jo!:n J. Creiehton and
r:iiz.iboth Bodcn. hoth of this city.
KM.rriNLKIV— KIRWIN— In this city. April .'!,
1004. t>y the Rev. G. A. Bernthel. Hans «.
Kle1nl*-ii and Alice Ruth Klrwln, both
n' thts city.
TOSOnSSESk'— 4BCQVIDT— ta thi« city. April
<;. l'.»H. hy the Rev. Psul Branke, Magnus
fOBafcMKB and Marine C Schmidt, both of
this cit>.
WITT-DOSCHER— In this city. April f>. 19<H.
by the R;a. G. A. Bernthal. Georse Witt
a"'l Sophia l>osdier l>ith of this city.
DIED.
rt»'-h«-. Charles L. (irern. AbraJiam
Barclay, Thomai H. Hatfleld. Kate
Rruun. Dorothea l>. Jlessler. Lily J.
*« lark. Pot-rt Illnrirh-.. Urn. F.
«'olf. t "la Ire M. Hughes. P«:rr J.
• ¦"inricrford. J. 1~ .loliymour. Mary A.
«'ottnn. Zeiotu? Kart. S:s:ei- A. M.
l»o»n!«, Mlcha'I MoKennn, Thomas
•\R5ton. Jo^n O'Caliaghan. Mary
- Fl*cher. Charlotte Pierucclnt, Mrs. M.
•JaliaghT. George Sturgeon. Edward
• ;*»>hardt. l>iuis U'ellendorff, Mildred
Gleacsn, John
BA< HE — In this city. April 4. 1!¥H. Charles
\.. iJarh'. a native of San Francisco, ag?d
SO years. 1
C^Thc funeral will tak» place to-day, j
April S. from Trinity Church, corner Bush I
• n«l Courti streets, where services will be j
lield, commencing at 9:'M o'clock. Inter- i
ment private.
KARC.LAV— In thi? city. April 7. 1904. Thomas
11. Barclay. b»loved «on of Mary and the j
!at* Thome? fiarclay, a native of Virginia
< Itjr. Nev., aced il~ years 9 months and 5
aa>5.
Iif:l "i"N— In this city. April 7. 1304. Dorothea
li'.tiekam Bruun. beloved mother ofChristo-
l.hrr r». Hruun. a native cf Arcnda!, Norway.
an<vl T>S years.
CyFri-'nd» and acquaintances are res.>ect- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral services j
lo-nir-rrow «Saturaay>, at 1 o'clock, at* the I
Savior's Scandinavian Lutheran Churrh.
Hovald street, between Twelfth and Thir-
(f»nth. Interment by eleotrlc funeral car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
CURK — In tlita city. April 6. iSHM. Robert.
b«lo\'d husband Of the late Emily Clark, and
father of Mrs. Henry Naholehea *nd Alice,
Mrrion. Elizabeth, Alfred and Robert Clark.
* native nf London. England, aged 76 y«ars
and S months.
C_/ Friends and acquaintanreK «r« respect-
fully invited t'< attend the funeral services
Pridey, April 8. at 2 o'clock, at bla late
ii«lie«c^, 3741 Rfvente<>nth mem, between
t-**i<hez and Church, thence by electric
funeral cer from corner Eighteenth and
•Jutrrern etrrct« »t 2:30 o'c'.OLk. Interment
Cyprm U«n Ccmeterj'-
«-XjLF.— In this cit.v. Aoril 7. IJH14. Claire M.
•>le. beloved cl«t?r of Mia. Frank Dalton,
* n*ti\e of Wisconsin. 1
CFriends are respectful!} Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-moiTow iSatur-
• I«M. at 12 o'clock, at the chapel at Cyprus
I^awn Cemetery. Remains at the funeral
t«rlors of Bunker &. Lunt. 2ttt>6 Mission
¦¦treet. Mission Masonic Temple.
CUMMERFORD— In this city. April 7, 1904.
.Irreiriah L.. ton of the late Patrick and
«'ath*rlne Cmmerford. dearly beloved
l>r..th(r of Mollie A. and James A. Commer-
ford. a r.aiive of San Francisco, aged 20
>*aiT :: months and IS dayE. A member of
J-l Cacitan Parlor. N. S. U. W.
CTHrmain* at the parlors of Porter Jt
White, <23 Golden Gale avenue. Notice of
luneral hereafter.
O'iTTON— In this city. Arril C. 1904 Z«lotue.
Ulmeti huaband of Anna L. Cotton, and
father of Mrs. Henry C. Frazer and Lrlla
' "otton. a native of New TorU. aged S5 vears.
C-^S^rvlces to-day (Friday). April fe. at
the . i.ai.ri of Odd Fellows' Cem<tery at 3
o'clock. p
DOWNS—in this city. April 5. 1904. Michael,
beloved brother of Jamc* Downs, and uncle
of Mrs. George Dolan and Mary Bernice
«Jowr-«. aaoative or Ireland, aged 74 year*
4 months and 3 dayr.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
April !». «t *:;>n o'clock, from his late rWl-
«5enc» 1K35 H>de strert. theno; to St. Brlg-
id't Church, where a solemn requiem high
~»fs will be «-o|ebrated for th.e repose of his
jou'., commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Orots ««mctery.
EABTON— In this oitv. April 7. l»04. John.
*-e|nv#-d hunbanil of Ann EXston, and father
<>f .lames W. I^ston. Mra. Oeorge A. Smith.
-Mrs. Lorln E. Huni and the late Mrs.
Thorns* B. K'»t. a native or Edinburgh,
acrd P7 year* 4 months and 11
CT'Krifncit and acquaintances are reapect-
fullv Invited to attend the. funeral 6uniay.
Aptil 10, et 1 o'clock, from Ms late rcsi-
<i*ti<-e. 100 Fell etrert. Interment Cypress
1*1 wn Oirjeiery. by rlectric car frcm 1
Highteenth and Guerrero streets. Please
omit flower*.
FlhCHER-ln this city. April 7. 1004, Char-
lotte Fischer, a native of Gcrmanji aged 5S
:-tan». '
GALLAGHER— In this city, Aoril 7. 1904,
<J*orge W.. belovrd son of Margaret Galla-
. k1i»t and the late Thomas Gallairher, and
brother of Thomas Gallagher. Mrs. T. Pailas
Mrs. P. J. Flaherty, Mrs. Nellie Cusack and
ihe late Margaret Gallagher, a native of
"•allfornia. mred 34 year*. A member of
Riggers and Stevedores' Union, Local Xo !
222. and Fishermen's Protective Union.
C7Remaina at parlors of McFadden Me-
Brearty & Oreen. 1171 Mission street, be-
t»-«»en Seventh and Eighth.
GEmiARDT— In the City and County Hos-
pital. April 7, 1904, Louis Gebhardt. a na-
tive of .New Tork, aged 31 yearn.
GLEAEON— In the City and County Hospital,
April 7. 1904. John Gleason, a native of Ire-
laud, aged 65 years.
I KEEN— In Ix* Angeles. April 7. 1»<>4.
-\b~ahem Gre*>n.
t^Notlce of funeral hereafter
ATriELD-In this city, April 7. l»04, at her
r*s!d»iw-e. 240 Snotweli etrret, Kate Hatflfld
• nee Burke), dearly tejoved wife of the late
,U .'. w, t' d '. " n<J dau «hter of Kate and
«he iate Michael Burk». trni ssister of George
aid the lote Joseph M.. Mary A. and Lllllc
».. Burke «ad the late Mm. Maggie Aubertin.
...<1 aunt cf Mrs. V. c. riluao, a native of
• allfornia.
i;StSLER-ln San Mateo. April 7.- 1H04. Lily
.V I*"" 1, bp . lovcd d»uchtei or Pauline and
« liarle* Hesfler. and sister of Harry F W .
fSSSI^ and EM * ia H ' £S1er - * natlve <*
UINRICHS— In this city. April 6. 1804. W1I-
i^^' dw>rI> , husband of Minnie
Hinrlch. son of Peter and Margarethe Hln-
, "2 1 "' ?, nd br ° thcr ot Peter,* Henry, Fred and
John Htortchs and Mrs. Anna kuhlke a
J^tlveof Napa, Cal.. eged S3 year, u month*
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
ihuccessors to Flannagan tc Gallagher >
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth et.. opposite Lincoln School
Telephone South 60.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral . Directors *n4 Fmrriimrrs
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple.
NOW- at kCU MISSION. Tel. South 167
Fouith and Fifth, near Fifth «.
Finest Equiptnecu at Moderate Rate*.
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGinn.' & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros..
— — rimers! Directors an»l EmhalniCrf
214_Eddy >t.;-Te|. South ft7g.
and 2 «2aye. (Cclusa anJ Napa papers plca»e
copy.*
CTFricn-fs ?nd f'co-.iaintar.oes are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
April 10 at 12:30 o'clock, from his late r*si-
.lence. Sia Dolorcc street, between Twenty-
r.nt an.l Tw^my-Ecoond. thence to Unlcn-
Fni-arp Ha!!. 421 Poft slret-t. where services
will he held under tb» auspices of the Ger-
i.junla Oub comm^ncint at 1 :J«> o'clock.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HLGHES— In this cl:y, April 5, 11HM, Peter J..
ilearly beloved «wui o-' Kdward and Alice
Hughes, «nu loving brother of Philip. John.
Edward. Alice snd Tesel<* Hughes, a native
of Saa Francisco.- aged 25 years S months
and & days. A member of Mll!men's Union
Nn. *.'JX.
CTKrlend* and noiualntanccs are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
<Kru!a>). at S ::>(><* clock. Jrom the residt-nce
' of hlstwiritita, 142 Rliver strt-ct., thence to
Ht How's «'liur»l.. where a requiem lilgh
mass wi!l b<? oo!t-bratod for the reucse of
:i;s --oul. o.-i.-nmeccfr.s a: i» o'clock. Interment
Holy crow Cemetery.
JOLLYMOUR— In Alaaicda. April 7. 1904,
Mary Anne Jollymcur. beloved mother of
Katie. Bm«ie and Jam- s Jollymour and Mrs.
Watren Chanaler..
KA£T— In S=r.ta' Clara, Auril 7. ISO*. Sister
Anne Mnde'.elnc Kast. beloved daiiphter of
the late K. %. and Anna C. C. Kasi. and
loviac sj.«ier 'it Marius. ICujeni*. Theodnre,
Frank, KesUna Rose and Gresory 1*. Kast.
S J. p. native of San Francisco, aged 2ti
years (> mcnths and "'1 days.
y.-KKXXA- la this city. Aorll 7. 1001.
'rhotn.TS. Mi Kenna, a nativ* of Ireland, agfd
15 year*.
E^Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at V.tc i-ariors of J. «'. O'Connor & Co.. 707
Mission str<^;, between Third and Fourlh.
O'M-LAtjHAN- In this <-!»y. April B, 1»I>1.
Mary, bPlovcJ Bile of W iiltam U'Callaghan.
anil \o\ !nj mother cf Norah. CdmeliUlV
WJUi* <.h»rles. Julia and Mary O'Caiiaghaii,
and bisfr of Wrf. Klor rice O'Sullivan. Mis.
Kraj.k •Thorato:! ar.d Sirs. 1). Munihy, a
r.atnt- <-f t*ie parish o? Kisfctaaii County
Cork. ln!and. axed SO years.
CyFrit-nds and aciJa!n'ain.-c5 are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day.
1 Mi-lay ». at a o'ctuck, fium h^r mCe rtau-
Jdjue, i."2 Fourteenth rlreet. thence to St.
Charles Borrcnut)'s Chuich. v.h^ie a le-
«iui*-m Mieh maps will be celebrated for the
repose cf her soul, ccmmenclng at I):o0
o'clock. Inte.rTrent Holy Cross Cemeter>.
PlliKLCCINI — !n thin city. April .%. 1001. Maf-
gueicte. <5«arly beloved wilV of J. li. Pieruc-
<iui. Itiving mother of EdeilH.-rt and Adria
ritrULCini, dauLhtcr of Janses Finn, and
sist> r o" Mrs. Annie Hrrrera. Edward
Finn end Mrs. W illiam Hurst of Lcs An-
pcitr. a native of ?en Francisco, aged o0
years 4 months and 1- days.
CJTKrirnJh and aequalinani-es are resp?ct-
lully Informed that her remains will b»
¦•hip'tied to-<3ay (KHdayt <'arly to Sacra-
ments. whore tenitfs end interment will
tak»» ulacc-.
STCItGEON— In this tity. April 7. 1004. Ed-
warJ Alljert Stureeon. helovM son of Fred
and May Sturgeon, a^ed 3 months and 8
days.
WELLENOORFF— Entered into rest, llildred
I Bacon Wellendcrflf, widow of the late Or.
I*. WellenUortT of Berkeley, tldest daughter
Of (he late Charlee and Sarah E.- Bacon,
ftister of W. A. and A. .1. Bacon. Mrs. J. C.
Spencer, Mrs. A. G. Bcsgs and the late Mrs.
U. Van Horn and C. T. and J. H.
Bacon, and aterviiothfr of Miss A. M. H.
Wrllendurff. (Louisiana, Ho., papers please
copy. >NEW YORK, April 7.— Tin . wa« - offered
rather more, freely and, was easier to-day In
both the home and foreign markets. London
cables show a decline of 7s 6d, spot closing at
£127 and futures at £127 2s 6d. Locallv the
New York Metal- Market.
Flour qr sks *. . ¦ {a.BOO'WooL baies ... 519
Wheat ctls .*..'.'¦ 1,6771 Screenings, sks.. 200
Barley] ctls .... 3,18.1 Hides. ¦ No.* .... 834
Beans, sks v.... ,"883 Pelts. No. .... 345
Potatoes, . ska ... 1,470 Leather. ¦ roll* ;:. 67
Cmons, ska ... 134 Chicory., bbls .. 25
Bran." sks :'....: , 820!Qulcksilver. • flks. -> 520
Hay, tons ....... :5Sl|Sugar. ctls-.. ..1.500
Hops, 'bales :.. 231 1 Wine, gals .... 88,550
Flaxseed. sks.., 127| ¦
-: OREGON. ";¦'¦",••
Potatoes, ska .. ' 972| -
WASHINGTON.
Flour qr sks -..20,572' Potatoes, sks' .. l,0flS
.Wheat, ctls ... ., 7,543] Screenings, sks.. - : : i58
FOR THURSDAY. APRIL 7.
Receipts of .Produce.
. The Orange market was amply supplied,' par
ticularly with • large" sizes 'of Navels,' which
moved slowly, although "offered at liberal con
cessions.- Trade was fair and buyers were run
ning < chiefly on • small - sizes, * say; from ' 176s | to
250e." IxjcbI dealers were ibuying/ more on size
than on quality and desirable sizes of standards
braught ; as - much In -¦ some : instances -; as • the
cho'ce grade. . -.The situation is Just the reverse
of what It was 1 about a month ago, when only
large Bizes , were .wanted. *. The managers of tlie
auction ' company > announced that " » five cars
would be offered at to-day's sale. • Tangerines.
Grape Fruit and Limes were In 'fair request at
unchanged rates/ • Lemons were - plentlf uL and,
aside from a j limited < Inquiry for/ fancy stock,
busines-s was quiet. • Large lines of the stand
ard grade were (Offering, at -the minimum, quo
tation; but found * few buyers. ;- Ripe ; Bananas
were more '•plentiful,' but met- with- a' steady
Inquiry and prices were well sustained.' -A' good
movement was noted In 'Apples,', particularly,,!^
Deciduous aiid Citrus Fnlitsi
The exact amount of Japanese gold brought
up by the Korea on .'Wednesday was- 7.850 000
yen. valued at $3,925,000, consigned a« follows-
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation,
3,400,000; International Banking Corporation
1.050,000; London. Paris and'Amerlcan Bank,
900.000; Nevada National Bank, 2,500,000.
Silver declined, %c.,; Sterling Exchange was
a fraction • higher. .: ':!.." ::\ ,
Sterling Exchange.' sixty days.. .. — . $4 85H
Sterling Exchange, sight ;....... _ v 4
Sterling Exchange, cables .;..... — 4 89^
New York Exchange, sight ...... — " 12V4
New York ' Exchange, ¦ tejegraphlc. ,— 15
Silver, per ounce .%;..';*:*.' '...'..'....' — . wil :
Mexican Dollars, nominal V. ...... — "43%
Wheat and Other .Grains.
:"."¦'' " ' ' ; "'.'"'* > ' .•¦¦-¦•-''
- WHEAT— There has been less fluctuation at
Chicago during the past several days and. that
market seems to be quletins.down..- The win
ter Wheat districts are now getting plenty of
rain • and . the ¦ crop > prospects . are - Improving,
especially : In ¦ the ¦ Southwest.
-Ther»j is nothing whatever new In this mar
ket.- Trade is quiet.
.,;^ ¦.¦:;-'.' h : cash wheat. • : . ¦ .¦.
California , - Club,'- $1 37^01 45; California
White Australian. $1 50®l 60; Northern • Club,
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MABKETS.
All ¦ three descriptions -this head are
dull and practically unchanged. • The com
plaint of slow demand irf. general , and Egg
handlers say that were it not for the. free stor
ing going on in this city and In half a dozen
large near-by towns the market would be lower
than It U. Stock* are large. Butter is com
ing In liberally from Humboldt and. the feeling
is weak, while most commission merchants have
large quantities piled up on their floors. Cheese
continues depressed under , excessive ' stocks.
Receipts were 53,100 lbs Butter. 1530 cases
Eggs end 32.600 lbs \ Cheese. V ,
BUTTER— Creamery at first, hands, 19c for
extras. and 18c for firsts; dairy. 15@18c» store
Butter' nominal; cold-storage, nominal .-; -¦'
CHEESE — iitt @9c .for good to choice new
and 7®8c for lower grades; Younff Americas.
U%@l«c; Eastern, 15@10c; Western.. 14@15c
per Ib. - -' '-''¦ •' "' - •¦'¦ - "
s EGGS— Ranch, lS©19c for fair to choice;
store. lts©17}4c per dozen. . ,
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
PEACHES— Are dull, unchanged. Choice
7%@7>6c; extra choice, ?%@8c; fancy 9K
©10c. • ' ¦•.
APRICOTS— Are al«o . very quiet, but sup
piles are limited and the market firm. Choice
quoted at 9Vi<6(10c; extra choice. lOUSlO^c
fancy, 11 fllZc. ' .-. ™ .'
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market show 9
no improvement In demand, but prices are
still steadily held.. Common are quoted at
4®5%c: prime, 6%@5?ie;' choice, ;CU<86%c
fancy, 707%c. .,"/.::..'.
PRUNES— Quiet. Quotations. ' range from
3c to 0V»c- according to grade. .•?;;•
Cons money.. .Rfl l.T-10'N Y Central 1*124
Do acct S7 I Nor & Western. . <io%
: Anaconda 4 | Do pfd 90
Atchison 75<,S>Ont & "CT'eFtern.. 22*4
Do pfi B»J I Pennsylvania 61
1 Bal & Ohio x» iltand Minep n%
Can Pacific 120 Reading 23U
Ches & Ohio 34 I Do 1st pfd 40
Chi Great West.. 17*41 Do 2d pftl 30U
Chi. Mil & St P.144VilSo Railway ataZ
De Beers 19T<,1 Do pfd 87'
Den & Rio G 22?ilSo Paclflc S2%
Do pfd 7.1 [Union Pacific .... 01%
Erie 27«4! Do pfd 96
Do iKt pfd 667*|U S Steel uTi
Do 2d pfd 44'^f Do pfd \KtlL
111 Central 134U. Wabash' i!»v,
Louis & Nash... 112 j Do pfd 3914
M. K & Texas... l.S%;Spanlsh 4s .. H0%
Bar silver — Steady, 25 15-lCd per ounce.
Money — 2%<?:i per cent.
The rate of discount In the .open market for
short bills Is 2% per cent and for throe months'
bills 2% per cent.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Anrll 7. — The cotton market
closed quiet, seven points lower.
New' York Grain and Produce. \
NEW YORK. April 7.— FI<OUR— Receipts
24.700 barrel*: export*, 6500 barrels. Market •
dull and unchanged.
WHEAT— Receipts, 20.000 bushels*. Snot
market steady. No. 2 red. $1 04 elevator and
$1 0W?l OS f. o. b. afloat; No. I Northern Du
luth. $1 04H. nominal, f. o. b. afloat. Options
opfned steady on cables, and after some irreg
ularity due to room-selling.- closed stromr on
reports that heavy snow was delaying spring
work In the Northwest. Final prices were
Uc met higher. May, OlHic; July, 02»£c; Sep
tember, R4^c. • -• v . 1 .
HOPS— Steady.
•HIDES — Steady. '-
• PETROLEUM— Steady. : •'. .
WOOL — Firm. •
COFFEE — Spot Rio. firm: -No. 7 invoice
6%c: mild, steady; Cordcna. 10®13c The mar
ket for coffee futures, closed steady at a net
decline of five points. -Sales, 108.000 bags
May. 5.80C5.S5c: July, 6.10c;- September
8.35«i0.40c; December, 6.C0S6.«5c, .
SUOAR — Raw firm: refined firm.
DRIED FRUITS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening ..' fi 7V» 6 1%
Closing 6 7 6 ' 7%
PARIS.
' . Wheat — ' March. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 21 95 20 70
Closing 22 00 20 65 -
Flour —
Opening 2» 00 27 95
Closing 28 95 . 27 05
St. Louis Wool Market.
' ST. LOUIS, April 7.— WOOL-^Steady. Me
dium grades combing and clothing, Ifi(ff2°c
light fine, 15017%c; heavy fine, 12i314V4c; tub
washed, 20@31c. \
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
¦ PORTLAND. April • 7.— WHEAT— Walla
Wnlla, 74@76c; bluestem. Sic; valley, 83c
The total shipment of ' wheat from ' this
port for the past week was SS.214 tjusheU./
carried by ' the steamer Indrapura, which
cleared to-day for Oriental ports.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. April 7.— WHEAT— Unchanged*
Bluestem, 83c; club. 75c. . . ,'
Northern Business.
¦ SEATTLE). April 7. — Clearings, $524,025; bal
ances. $01,329.
TACOMA, April 7. — Clearings, $310,710; bal
ances, $63, 711. .- J
PORTLAND,-- April 7. — Clearings $502,704
balances, $107,490.
SPOKANE. April 7.— CJearlngs, $376,608; i
balances. $73,779. . ,' .
Weather Report.
O20th Meridian— Pacific. Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 7—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those cf same date last
••aeon, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Station*— 24 hours, season, season.
J?"*** X 00 ° W.W 4».23
Red liluff 0.00 27.45 22 77
Sacramento mi , 0.00 15. Kt • mln
Kan Francisco 0.00 1J».O3 18 11
Frcrno 0.00 6.04 ¦ H.Vi
Inde|iendence 0.00 2.65 2 15
S«n Luis Oblepo 0.00 13!g» 17*23
1^* Am.f-]f> O.W> 7,7s J« 2«
San Di-go 0.00 4.09
TIIE COAST JtECORD.
-3. SB .-?- |f
BTATIONa I ||;JI|S | a - I
; • • ; . •;
****r 30.24 52 36 E Clear ~~00
London Closing Stocks.
Bay CPC 6s. 97^ — |SF & NP 5s.lll% —
B L Wat 6s.l0o — rs P C R 4s. — ICO
Cal NW 59.108^110% IS P Co 4«is. 90 '_
M C Wat 5s — KXi 1 Sun Tel <to..ll.t —
Rls I Wksos — 107^iJSuttr-st R5s.l0ft If:
SF Drdk 5a. — ! li:i%|UR of SF 4». 77 77'5 1
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. ; - .* "
Ala S Co.... 27% 30 |Mat Nav Co. CO [gJ \
Cal Cot Mils 86--— |Nev Nat BK.1S5 2C.V.
C Jockey Cl. 00 120 |N S R R... 9 5; V- .
Cal Powder. 125 140 JN Cal P Co. 10V, —
Cal Ship Co. 15 .10 |Oak Bk Sav.ll2Ji
Cal T I & T — 135 |Oak, T Con.. 7T> — ..
Cen Bk. Oak «JTi — HOOF Hall A « — .. ,
Chutes Co .. 6Vj — lOrpheum Co. 12 '~''.i+;
City & C Rk — 112 |Pac S Tel.. .100 7rr7»>i
East Dynm.l5O 250 |Paraf Paint. 3M — -
DpntPwd pfd — no |S F Drydock W) .'— -,'r,
Do com ..40 — ISFASJ Coal., 23 — .'
FN Bk Oak. 120 — IS J Wat Co. — tC"
Fischer Thtr 1% ' 1?4!SO & MTebt. — H3
Frnch-A Bk.lf>."> — ISwi«s-A Bk.llS . .—
Gas Con A.. t!>}i 21 |Truckee Elec lt>. .¦— \'.t
Hono P Co.. 13 — IUR InC pM. 4: —
\jon&. EF Bk -7 CO I Do com .. a —
California Stock andOil Exchange
Oli Stock — -¦•¦'» -.!"• Bid. A»kodi
Alma 125
Apollo .'. '¦*•¦¦-•
Associated Trust Certificates. t» 20
Aztec " s
Caribou •". .M> . * <O ;
¦ Chicago Crude 2<> : 21
Claremont ...'. ' w> ¦ . .' •'
Esperanza ...'.......¦....... 1 25 ,.'. ;
Four " «•» . ¦
Fulton • • 1 "2 . ••-•
Ha^nford';.'^'..'!'.'.'/'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'!^ W lS(Vt>0,
Home «¦ 150 •"1 ; S : "«
Imperial ,.... . 17 / > V
Independence ........ 2O ; *I
Kern •— 5 0O , B 12ii
Kern River 10 50 -.
Lion '•> 01 - • —
Monarch (of ArUona) 41 . , 4.1 .
Monte Crlsto •• SO . S2t 3 .-.
Oil City Petroleum 41
Peerless .'.".".. ..'. - 14 00.
Plttshurg * !•» 2» . .
Senator - , . *><*..
Sovereign •.- 44 .. .
Sterling _2 40 .2 «5.. A
Superior "^'. !•••»'•
Thirty-three .:....... :'.::. .... ' « CO
Toltec J 9 ,! ••-•
Twenty-eight 6 5<> .
Associated Bonds. 5s .« 70
Miscellaneous — . ... ' .-. 1
Fischer's Theater 12." ' ....
Northern Cal Power 10 75 .¦...
Morning session. - .
100 Caribou ......../.".. -335^
1 Hanford 175 CO 1
1 Hanford. b 00 ...180 jOO-'-.-j
25 Kern Oil ;.: 5 12»i . .
Afternoon Session. ¦ ->?¦
Board— ¦ , >
1000 Monarch T... ' 41 = ¦
5C0 Independence ...' 21-
100 Caribou .'. 3 5u *.
Street —
1000 Chicago Crude, b 30 ,21 -f
Milling Stocks;
PAN FRANCISCO, STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the - sales on the San Fran- —
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: ,
•';;;¦- , v ". - .'; Morning Session.
200 Andes ', ....... 34 500 Savage ....;-. -'4ST
100 Caledonia ...1 03 500 Seg Belcher v".i ' 12 "''
'400 Caledonia ...I 00 r,00 Sierra- Nev ..' 70 "
100 Con C & Val 75| 10O Silver H1U ..' yi
50O East Sierra N ;OGJ 4M> Union .Con-.. 3 SO
200 Gould A Cur. :*>."> 200 Union Con . . Si
700 Mexican..:.:. 2 30 200 Utah . ,.*....:. a.iTf
200 Mexican . . . . . .2 25[ 200 Yellow Jacket 32 i
350-Ophir -.5 501 . . * J
Continued • on Page I Fourteen. J
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Unlisted Securities.
CHICAGO. April 7. — CATTLE — Receipts.
fSCoo. steady. <iood to prime steers. $5 25®
5 75; poor to . medium. 1 $1 7505; < stockers and
feeders, $2 6004 35] cowf. $2(S4 40; heiferK, $2
(S»75; ranners. ?2^2 50; bulls. $2 25©4 25;
calves. $2 B0©. r i 50; Texas fed steers, $404 60.
HOGS— Receipts: To-day. 24,000; to-morrow.
15,(;f)0. 5c to 10c lower. Mixed and butchers,
*5 05 flT> 2.1; good to choice heavy. $5 15^5 30;
rough heavy. *r.«i5 15; light. $4 30^5 15; bulk
of Kales. $5 05({l5 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, '20.000. Sheep and lambs
steady. Good, to choice wethers, $4 75#5 25;
fair to choice mixed, $3 50 JJ 4 50; Western
sheep. $406 83; native. lambs, $4(§5 50; Western
Iambs, $4 25Q-0 25.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. April 7.— On the produce ex
change - tc-day: Butter market. steady:
creameries. 14Si24%c; dairies, 12%(Jf21c; eggs,
easy, at mark, oa^es included, 15%£l0c;;
cheese, easy, 9<5l0^ic.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. lfl@lSc p l;r lb:
Geese, per pair, $2®2 60: Goslings. ?2lB2 f>0:
Ducks. $5 30#« 00 per do2en for old and $6 50g>
7 50 , for young: • Hens. $7@8 ¦ for large and
$5 50®0-for *mall; young Roosters, ?7 50@
H B0; old Rooster!«, $5@0; Fryers. $006 50:
Broilers $4®4 60 for largo 'and $2@3 for
small: Pigeons, $1 25@l~50 per dozen for old
and $2 2502 50 for Squabs.
•GAME — Gray Geese.*. $2 50@3 per •-- dozen;
White GeeBe. 76c@$l 50; Brant, $1©1 50; Hon
kers $4@5:> English Snipe, $3@3 50; common
Snipe. $1 60@2; Rabbits. $1 60 for Cottontails
and $1@1 25 for Brush; Hare. $1.
The Poultry market was In good shape and
dealers experienced no difficulty tn disposing of
good largs stock* at 'previous prices. Neither
large nor. small Broilers were wanted and the
former were auoted : lower. The third carof
Western Poultry for the week was on sale and
cleaned up quicklyrat good prices.
The bulk of tho Game arrived In bad condi
tion owing to the warm weather, and some had
to be dumped. Prices were largply nominal
and nearly all of the receipts were still on hand
at the close.
Poultry and Game.
Trading In miscellaneous vegetables was quite
active and prices of most . descriptions stooa
as previously quoted. Asparagus was steady
under a rood inquiry both for local use and
shipping account. Peas, too, were wanted for
shipment and cleaned up well, while Rhubarb
was in excessive supply and dull at the re
cently revised quotations. Receipts were 900
boxes of Asparagus, S '.'1 boxes of Rhubarb and
312 sack? of Peas. Los Angeles Tomatoes were
plentiful and easier, while other vegetables
from* the *ams> section were in scant supply.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, $1 25
@1 40 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks. ?1 :J3@1 «?5
per ctl; River Reds. $1@1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Burbanks for seed, $1 10«il 25 per ctl;
Garnet Chiles, $1 15@1 30 per ctl; Early Rose,
$1 25@1 35 per ctl; new Potato«s,.2H4j'3c per
pound.' ..
ONIONS— Yellow. $2 75@3 per ctl for fan
cy Oregon and $3 5003 78 for Australian;
Green Onions. 40<gUOc per box.
• VEGETABLES — Asparagus, 7{?Sc per lb for
extra, (i@UV4c for No. 1 and 4@5c ior No. 2;
Rhubarb. 50c{j$l per box; Green Peas, 2V4@4c
per lb; Strlnp Beans.- 15<?i::J0c per lb; Toma
toes, 75cQ$l 25 per box cr Crate fof Los An
geles and $1 50@2 for Mexican; Summer
Squash from Los Angeles, per ' box;
Cabbage, $1 10 per ctl: Carrots. 50c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers, $1 2r>@l R0 per dozen;
Garlic. 15c per lb: Egg Plant. 20c per Ib; Dried
Peppers, 5{iSc per lb «or Stockton and 1(><S12%C
for southern; Dried Okra, 12>4(gl5c per lb;
Green Peppers (Mexican), 20@'_'5c per lb; Mar
rowfat Squash, 101%c per lb; Hubbard, %c
per lb.
Trade in old Potatoes was active and there
was continued firmness in all descriptions Re
ceipts were moderate and table varieties cleaned
up quickly at the recently advanced prices,
liurbanks from Puget Sound were offering and
met with prompt sale at $1 (iO per cental The
steamer Senator brought down latB sacks.
I'.arly Row, which' had previously been used
exclusively for s?id. were In demand for table
use. and. as tjiey were offered at comparatively
easy prices, choice lots were quickly snapped
up. Extra fancy lots of new Potatoes 'fold in
a Dcddllnr way at a slight advance ov?r the
top quotation, but for the general run of offer
ings 3c was at! extreme figure. Receipts were
14» sacks. Onions were tirrn. with stocks of
Oregon very light. The recent arrivals of Aus
tralia were marketed and met with a good
demand at $:j©:< 25 per cental on the wharf.
The quotations below represent the prices asked
at the stores.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BAGS — It is reported that the London. Paris
an-i 'American Bank will soon auction off their
holdings or the late stock. of Epplnger & Co..
said to run from l.OCO.000 to 1,500.000. Grain
Bags. 5%c spot and 6%e June-July: San Quen
tin $5 40; Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece Twine,
COAL — Wellington. ?S per ton; New Wel
lington, §8: Seattle.»$»J 50: Bryant. $6 50- Bea
ver Hill. $«; Stanford. $7: Roalyn 57- ' Coos
Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Richmond
|7 50: Cumberland. ?13 In bulk and $14 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg $u-
Welsh Anthracite Egg, |13; Welsh 'Lump'
$11 60; Cannel. $S 50 per ton; Coke, $11 5o«n
per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 80
jxr long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are, for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 4'Jc per gallon for boiled ani
47c fer raw; Castor «PI1.- In cases. 'No 1 70c-
Bakers' A A, $1 10@l 12; Lucol. 45c for 'boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut, CC@7ue per gallon-
Ceeoanut Oil in barrels, 58c for Ceylon and 65c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
OH, S5c; natural winter Sperm Oil. 30c: extra
bleached winter Whale Oil, C5c; natural Whale
Oil 00c; extra winter strained Lard Oil 75c-
No. 1 Lard Oil. We; pure Neatsfoot Oil', 75c :
No. 1 - Neatsfoot .Oil. C5c; light Herring Oil
45c; dark Herring Oil, 43c; Salmon Oil, 38c
boiled Fish Oil, 4Uc; raw Fish Oil, 3Sc; boiled
Paint OIL"? 35c; raw Faint Oil. a3c.
COAL OIL— W f ater White Coal Oil. In bulk.
14c: Pearl Oil. In cases. 2O%c;. Astral 20%c-
Star. 20V6c: Extra Star. 24%c; Elaine, 2CV,c;
Eocene, W%c; DeodorUed Stove Gasoline In
bu'.k, lCc; in cases. 22140^ Benzine. , n
13c; in cases, 10%c; 80-degree Gasoline in
bulk, 25c; in cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE— 84c per gallon in ca'ses and
78c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead 7@
7Hic per lb; White Lead. '7(^7 He. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, .per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cube«. A Crushed and ¦ Fine Crushed, 5 65c-
Powdered. 5.f>0c; Candy Granulated," 5.50c;
Dry • Granulated, fine, 5.40c; | Dry Granu
lated; coarse. 5.40c; Fruit Granulated. 8.40c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only)., ,5.30c;
Confectioners' A, . 0.40c; Magnolia A, 5c:
Extra C, 4.00c; Golden C, 4180c; "D,'"
4.70c; barrels, 10c more-, half barrels,'23c more;
boxes, 50c more:'60-lb bags, 10c more for all
kinds. Tablets — Half - barrels, 5.D0c: boxes
«.15c; H. & E. Crystal Domlnos. 8.40c per lb.
Nc orders taken for less than seventy-five bar
reN or its equivalent. .
COFFEE^ — Private wires to Mitchell. Mul
cahy& Co. from New York yesterday said:
"Coffee '.advices from Europe to-day were rather
tamer?- than expected. ¦ Sentiment, - locally, con
tinues bullish, with absorbing demand for fall
and winter months on the belief In 'a smaller
crop in Braxil than this season's movement of
10,500.000. Leading bears continue offering
large lines at asked prices whenever the ' de
mand subsides. Mall advices from Santos re
port a poorer outlook for the growing crop.".
SALT FISH— Mall advices from New York
say: "The decline In prices yesterday" was so
general that It included nearly every ¦ variety.
In- mackerel. Irish 700s, which have been sell
ing' in the ' neighborhood of ?14 60, -have been
cleaned up aud are out of the market until
next . season. - A like condition exists In four
grades of herrings— the domestic 100s and 50s
and the Cromarty 100s and 50s. " Shore No. 1
mackerel ¦ sold " at - $16. Shore ' : bloaters - 115s
dropped $2 and sold at $20. and shore bloaters
130« ' went , for $18. Halifax bloaters declined
to $1(5018 land No. Is no $15® 16. AH lines of
Dutch herrings declined $1 per barrel."
General Merchandise.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. S@9c; Cows and Heifers.
7©Sc: thlr. Cows, 4@5c per lb. •
CALVES — »@4U,c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. i\^T>y 4 c; Ewes, 4U®1%C
per lb (gross weight).
, LAMB— Spring. 15S10.C per lb.
HOGS— Livu Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 5vi@6c:
over 2fcO lbs. o%<&Z%c; soft Hogs. 4%©5i-ic;
Sows, 10 Dsr cent off; Boars, 60 per cent off,
and Stacs. 40 per cent oS from above quota
tions.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as fellows;
BEEF— 7>/&6SV&c for Steers and 7@7%c per
lb for Cows.-- •-• '.; .".C ,.
VEAL— Large. 8%<S»c; email. S%®9%c per
MUTTON— Wethers, 9^©10Vic; Ewes, 9%©
10c peT »b. " ' '-
LA11B— 15@16c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, Ci4@9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The supply and demand about balance 'at
the moment and the market is unchanged. .
Meat Market.
NEW YORK, April 7. — There were signs of
Etalcnes* in the market's upward movement to
day and the action of prices became decidedly
irregular during the day. This might have
been even more marked had it not been for the
stror.g sustaining influence of the persistent up
ward movement of United States Steel pre
ferred and the enormous absorption of the sec
ond mortgage bonds, which made the backbone
of the whole market. The auxiliary ]K>lnts of
strength were few and were not among the
stocks of the first importance. The most Im
portant stocks were inclined to hang back and
showed the effects of realizing on their recent
advance. In Fj-lte of some items of news that
miprht have helped their advance. Among thone.
•U« eood statement of February net earnings
by all the railroads in the so-called Harriman
group, including Union Pacific and Southern
Pacific. The weather map and the crop hews '
continued favorable to the Southwestern grain
carriers, but Missouri Pacific, Wabash pre
ferred. Rock Island and Atchleon preferred
were the only Mocks 10 ret-pond to an appre
ciable extent. The strength of the Steel se
curities was attributed to consideration of the
quarterly report. Amalgamated Copper shared
moderately in the strength of the metal stocks.
The takings of United .States " Steel second ;
mortgage bonds were » Urged to be of an invest- '
ment character, and improvement was reported
in the bond market generally and In demand
for t-ome hlsh era !¦• investment railroad stocks
preferred stocks Included. The extreme ease of
money ik a natural incentive to this kind of
buying. Honey was loaned over the end of the
year to-day at as low a* 4 4 per cent per an
num, which makf-s the holding of many well
cecured railroad stocks and bonds attractive;
The outward movement of *old in thetie cir
cumstances causes little uneaoiness. Yester
day's arrival at pan Francisco of $3,500,000 In
Japanese gold indicate*, how the outward drain
is made up at other points. The heavy con
traction In loans by the banks of England and
France reported to-day indicates the reflux
tendency In those money markets, following the
quarterly settlements, and gives small promise
of any immediate demand for monej-. London
w»s a buyer of Mocks here this morning and
helped the early advance.- Only in Ecattered
instances did the rise tn stocks reach as much
ns a point, snd the activity of the market was
much curtailed in the latter part of the day.
The closing was quite active again, but Irregu
lar.
Tho bond market was active and firm. Tc*al
sales, par value. $4.U20,(XK>.
United States 2s advanced %; the 3s regis
tered, the old 4f and the new 4s coupon ',i and
the new 4a regiFtered % per cent on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. Open. Low. Close
Atchison 2S.400 73% 73>4 73%
Atehinon pfd 7.200 0414 03% »U?
Baltimore & Ohio.. 17,300 K2 1 81% 81*i
Bait & Ohio pfd... 400 »1 Bl M&
Canadian Pacific... 3.300 110% 116% 116k
Central of N J im
Chesapeake & Ohio 1.400 C3?i 33>i 33Vi
Chicago & Alton... ; '• 3714
Chi & Alton pfd... 100 82 82 S2
Ohl &. Gt Western.' 2.K00 17U lfisi 16*4
•'hi & N W .%00 171% 171% 171
Chi II & Pt Paul.. .15,100 145T* 145>4 - 145W
Chi M & St !• pfd .'. 175
Chi Term & Trans. 100 10U 10>i 10
ChlT&Tpfd 100 20V4 2<M4 mi
ce C & St Louts • ' .... 7GU
Colorado Southern. 1,300 ! 1S% 17U isvi
Colo 80 l«t pfd 1,100 5« r.5 55 V*
Colo So 2nd pfd T.00 24% '24% 24» 4
Delaware & Hudson '1,301) 154% 153»i 153it
Del Lack & Went. 2,000 275% 274 274%
Den &. Rio Grande 800 22% 22 - 22 £
Den & R G pfd.... 500 71>4 70"i ' 70
Erie 0.500 27>* 20% »nv
Erie let pfd 2.C00 C0% 64% 04%
Krle 24 pfd.". .....' ' 600 42 42 41 it.
Hocking Valley.... . 100 71T4 "1% 71
Hocking Valley pfd 200 xO^i 80 1 *
Illinois Central.... 900 131V4 131 13l2
Iowa Central 19
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 30% 3C% 36
Kansas City So 19
Kansas City So pfd COO 36 y. :>,n SG
Louisville ¦& Nash. 5.3IK) 109% 108% 10914
Manhattan L.V.... 600 143% 142% 142U
Met Secuntle* ¦ .... 79
Met St Ry 800 114% -114V. 174U
Minn & St Louis .... 47
M St P & 6 6te II. 400 63 62% 6214
MSP&6SMpfd .... u»
Missouri Pacific... 43,200 94?4 94 04%
Mo Kan & Tex .... '17%
Mo K & T pfd »O0 3»H 38% 3»»i
Nat RR of Mex pfd 2O0 39% ,30% 37tt
New York Central. 2.700 117% - 117% ' 1174
Norfolk & Western 2.S00 69% K'A 69%
Norfolk &W pfd .... .... -88-
Northern Securities ;.".. .'..; 08 s ;
Ontario & Western 4,300 22% 21% 21%
Penneylvanla 40.500 " 119% 119% 119%
PitUCC&StL..' .... * 60'
Heading 34.000.-45% 44% 45>;
Reading 1st pfd .... .... 78 "
Reading 2d pfd V .... ' «0
Rock UUlb4 Co... 76,600 " 25 23% 2A%
Rock Island Co pfd ' 600 06% «5 65%
St L &rS F 2d pfd. 1.6CK) iS 47 47%
New York Stock Market.
Sterling exchange— steady, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4.£!725i34.h73<» for de
mand and at Ji.M75^4.MS0 for sixty dav bills.
Ported iatrts-^4 S.fV-^4 SS. '
("pmmfrclal bills— M^M^SJ S4%.
Bar silver — .%4»»c.
Mexican dollars — 43 Vic.
Bonds — Governments, strong; railroads, firm.
NEW YORK. April 7.— Close: Money on call
— Eapy. li.i<gl?» per cent; closing bid. 1H; of
fered. 1% per oont.
¦ Time loans — Eai>y: sixty days. 2 a 4@3 per
cent; ninety days. o5?3^ per cent; six months,
'¦'.',;: I per cent.
Prime mercantile paper — lli@5 per cent.
New York Money Market.
There is nothing new to report, the market
being quiet all around. •
BEANS— l;ayos $2 35@2 SO; -- Pea, $3©.1 25:
Butters, $;: 5O@:J 75; small White $2 JtOOJ.ViO;
large White. $? «.@2 75; Pink, $3 30©3 50;
Red. $i 50; Lima. J3 20ff3 25; Red " Kidneys.
$4 5005; Blaekeye. ?2®'- 15 per ctl; Horse
Beans, S2@2 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 75@4; Yellow
Mflstard. $.!£.T 25; Flax. $1 S0@l 00; Canary.
5W«i5»;c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14l4g)l0c: Rape,
lU@2c; Timothy. «(&(l^c; Hemp. :J%@4c per
lb; Millet. 3@3V4c; Broom Corn Seed. $20^21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Blaekeye. $3 per ctl; Niles,
$3 25; Green,. $3@3 25.
Beans and Seeds.
"The Rio and Fantoe crop on the trees now
ebout beln*r harvested |g estimated at 10 000
t<0O to lfi.ftoO.OOO bags. The 1904-5 receipt* of
mild Coffees, tn accordance with the best ob
tainable information, will be 3.500.000 to 4 -
(•rto.ooo ba*s. The coming crop of Victorias
and liahias In estimated at 500.000 bags.
Therefore, the estimates of the world's pro
duction for 1904-5 aggregate 14.000,000 to 15,
0O0.000 bags, which are to supply a pros
pective conaumptlon of about lfl.500.O0O baps.
We confess that crop estimates at this time of
the year are not a «afe guide, but we cannot
l(tno»« them at the present time entirely be
cause the indications are «trotur!y pointing- to
much smaller crops than w e have had in re
cert years."
"The receipts of milds In Europe and the
r I. nite<J s-:,t.v during the next three montlis
will probably amount to about 1.400.000 1-ats.
of which only about 850,000 bags will b»
needed /or consumption; «o that the ftockH of
UM«e in Euroj* and the United States will
rnt*t likely incr»-as* about 450 000 bags dur
ing that period.
"The jrenrral statistical position of Coffee
will undoubtedly rhow a considerable Im
provement during; the next thre«> months and
we do -not htFitate to state that we believe
I that there will be a decrease i n I.e visible
supply of (he world of about 1 350 000 hzgr
during that period. We calculate the total
into-Blght movement of all Coffws during th*
next three months et about 2.400 000 bars
while the usual requirements of Europe and
th«. t.'nited states during that period are about
3.750.000 bare Uhe rtellveri.* in Europ*- and the
Vnlted states during th«*e three months laft
>ear were 3.5»no,WXI baps). Thin in itwlf Is
<>' first Importance, but when we consider that
the bulk of the consumption (about 75 prr
c«nt» la at Brazil Coffee, the condition presents
1'wlf to us that In a few months from now
*uch lira*:! Coffees as are renerally wanted
by the trade will be most difficult to obtain
"Buying of late hae Tx-en of good character,
and it appear* that declines cannot be brought
ebout any more with the ease which accom
panied such endeavors until a short lime ago
The confidence of those who are Interested on
the long wide of Coffee contract* Is based not
only on the prospective improvement in tht»
statistical position within the next few month*
but on the belief In the continuation of such
improvement for a long time to come.
_ "Of course the stook* at Rio and Santos are
I to be considered in this connection. These
*to«~ks amount to sriout 1.750,000 bags but
Judging by the way the Brazilian markets.' have
acted during the last two months, having be^n
continually '^c to 140 a pound above our
rarity, we must conclude that very little of
th»> stoeV.s in Rio and Hantos <-an be obtained
by consuming markets unless buyers grant the
view<. or the holder*:
¦Tti<! vifibie supply in the fnited States
«J| Breril Coffee including afloats. is about
2.!>OO,CWX) bars. On the Kurface this h»?ks m
if there was a big oversupply of stocks Jn this
country; l>ut when we examine the character
and grade of Mine, we find that outside of
th* holdings of the large roasting interests.
th- largest part consists of such grades and
•jualities whi-~h wne no other purpose than
for delivery «ur»inf=t Ooffee Exchanee" con
tracts. The BUpply of such grades as the
trade requires, that is. from 4s to Kt, has be
come redu'-ed to such an extent as to be In
sufficient f<Ji' U^ual requirements.
GENERAL STATISTICAL IX.1SITION
The circular of Henry Nordlinprr & Co.,
New York, says under date of April 1:
"Our market is slowly and gradually devel
» oping a healthier tone. The highly specula
tive eKmf.nt. which has been euch a disturb
ing factor in the recent past, has been entirely
*hminated. Nevertheless, confidence . has net
been quite fully restored a* yet. It has boon
kept in the background through manipulation
by old experienced hands who have b«vn mak
ing supreme efforts to depress the market still
further; but these- efforts have not met with
success. The market is virtually unchanged
from a month ago. The steadier undertone has
brought about some improvement in the trade
demand. Price* are certainly inviting, and
when the pressure to keep the market down is
once removed, we expect to «e« the legitimate
demand t>roadenin«r because the trade inland
is very poorly eupplicd.
"We stated in our report of the lft ultimo
that the receipts at Rio and Pantos for the
remainder of the crop year will be al>out r»o
per cent a> compared with last year. .The
March recclpu Indicate the correctness of our.
calculation, inasmuch as they were less than
400.000 ba«rs. against 801.000 baps last y<-ar.
•The average consumption of Brazil Coffee in
Europe and the I'nited States, at. thU period
of the year it about 950.0W bags per month.
Last month only about 4<«>.0CO bags Rio and
.Suntoe Coffee, and about :SO.OU<> bag* -Victoria
and Bahla cent into eight: therefore the visi
ble supply of Brazil Coffee must have -de
creased more than OOO.OoO bag* during that
month. We hRvc now before tm three months
in which the receipts at Rio and Santos will
kw- exceptionally i>m&ll, not more than about
300.000 t>ags average per month, a total of
J*f"O.GOO rp*rs. and of Victorias and BahUs
about lOo.OOO hags, total Brazilian receipts
l.(ioo, 000 bag#. «^;i;i,-! requirements for con
sumption of about 2.^00.000 bags of these kinds
during that period.
Its Statistical Situation and Out
look.
THE COFFEE MARKET.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %©lc under quotations. - Heavy Salted
St*ers, 9%c; medium, 8%c; light. 7%c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 7=^0 for light; Stags,
Cc; Salted KiD. 9c; SaTted Veal, 10c; Salted
Calf, lie: dry Hide*. 15@16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf, 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25@30c each;
short Wool. 40@e5c rach; medium, 70@90c: long
Wool. $1@1 50; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $2©2 50 for medium, $1 25® I 75 for
small and 50c ior ColU. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for larg< and $1 50 for medium. $1@1 25
for small and 60<? for Colts. Buek Sklna — Dry
Mexican, 31c; dry Salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American, 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 60c; medium,
35c; small. 20c.
: TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%©4%c per lb:
No. 2. 3%@4c; grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL — Spring clip — San Joaquln and South
err., 12 months', 9©llc; do. 7 months'. 8810c
per lb.
HOI'S— 24ig27c per lb for California, 1903,
and 17%i|20c for crop of 1904.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
EASTERN MAEKETS.
Carson 30.04 C4 30 NE Clear .00
Kureka 80.06 Bfl 46 NW Clear .00
Kreeno 29.90 78 50 NW Clear .00
B.K. Farallon.SU. 95 54 W) NW Pt.Cldy .fin
Flagstaff ..^.irj.SO EN 24 E Clear .»O
Pocatello 30. IS 4S 30 W Clear Tr
Independence .29.90 7tf BO SB Clear ..06
Los Angeles. ..!".». 84 8S 64 W Clear .00
Mt. TamaJpais 29.96 71 47 N Clear .(0
North Head. ..:«>.2O 54 40 NW Clear .00
Phoenix 'J9.7G 8S 60 SW Clear .00
Pt. Reyee I>t.29.S9 «7 47 NW Clear .00
Portland 30.16 f2 36 W Clear .00
Iltd Eluff 29.94 82 M N Clear .00
Hoseburg 34
Sacramento . .2W.90 76 50 S Clear .00
Salt Lake M.I* 46 30 SW Clear .00
San Francis co. 29. 98 76 50 W Clear .00
S«n L. Oblspo.23.fi4 82 52 N Pt.Cldy .00
Son Diego 29.82 «4 50 SW Clear .(X>
Seattle 30.24 54 36 NW Clear .00
Spokane 30.30 52 28 W Clear .00
Tatoosh 30.22 4S 40 E Cloudy .00
Walla Walla.. 30. 26 68 34 NW Clear .00
Winnemucca .30.12 CO 26 N Clear .00
Vutna 29.78 92 56 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy weather prevails over the Puget
Found country; elsewhere on the Pacific slope
it is clear.
Tiie pressure has fallen over the Pacific elope
and risen east cf the Rocky Mountains.
1 he temperature has risen over the entire
Paclflc Hlope. In the interior of California It is
from R to 15 degreer Rbove the normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 8:
Northern California — Fa'.r Friday; light
northerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Friday; light west
wind.
Nevada — Kair Friday.
S»a Francls-o and vicinity — Fair Friday;
ccolrr in the afternoon; frerh west wind.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecaster.
Hay is quoted easier, as with the approach
of the new ero:> the.-aJ farmers who still have
some on hand are. beginning to let go, which
gives this market larger dally receipts. Some
handlers are selling the . best Wheat 50c under
the top quotation below, while Oat is 50c lower.
Bran Is steady, and It la reported that Japan
is asking this market for quotations and that
samples have been sent there in response.
BRAN— $19^20 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24@26 60 per ton.
SHORTS— $19@20 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley $24@25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the- 'mill. $2» 50@::i:
Jobbing $32; Cocoanut Cake. $22@23; Corn
Meal. $29 50@30 50; Cranked Corn, $3u@31;
Mixed Feed. $21622; Horse Beans, $30®
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $15<617: Wheat and Oat,
$14filO: Oat, $13iQ15 50; Barley. $12615;' Stock,
512 50<&i:i £0; Allalfa, $12914 per ton.
STRAW— 50@"5c per bale
Hax and' Feedstuff s.
A N*w York banker eays:
The money market continues eaey because
"uf'.ness and speculative requirements are less
g*g«8t than formerly. Neither the April set
"nienta eor the prospect of gold experts had
-:-> appreciable effect upon rates. Some com
n »-r:t was made upon loans passing the bil-
M mark for the first time and the prospect
t diminish*^ bank re«*rve«; but even the»e
?'ior» created no uneasiness In banking dr
-:«¦«. for the reason that the present high
..or* in loans Is largely due to the borrow
r.jes of iitrong corporations, who find It more
¦1\antagrous to raise necessary funds In th'.s
hfcbloa than to ls«ue new uecurity Issue.* whon
u;u>f are low. London has been more friend
• jo American atocks; but no Fpeclal foreign
'upport can be counted upon until It is known
p*«t thr war will bring forth. Russia has
b**n sounding Paris, end Jai>an London for
«ar loans and the terms do not peera to
have been' satisfactory. Very likely both
¦runtrles will have to meet bankers' views
Inter t«n. for war loans are cow a practical
certainty."
The Money Market.
. MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: -Graham Flour, $3 50 per ¦ ICO lbs-
Ryo Flour $3 50; Rye Meal, $3 25; Rice Fiour.
$7: Corn Meal. $3 50; extra. cream .do, *4 25;
Oaf Groats, $4 60; Hominy. :$4&4 25: Buck
wheat Flour, 94 5004 75; Cracked Wheat, *4;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour... ?3 75;
Rolled Oats, bbls, $7 25@8 60; in sacks,. $« 75®
8 10; Pearl Btirley. $ti: Split, Peas, boxts. $7;
Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 80®
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras $4 70335;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing, at $3 S5®4 25
per bbl. ¦ - ¦ ¦• > - / .- •
The mills have advanced a number of cereal
products Vic, as will be seen by the revised
price Hat. - .- / ¦ - - ¦ - - . -' -.
F.lour and Millstuffs.
. THURSDAY. April -7—2 p. «- !
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.t -Btd. A»k.
4s qr coup..l07 1 410S 4» qr cp new.133 133%
4s qr reK...107%108 Ms qr coup.. 107 107%
MISCELLANEOUS BOND3.
Ala A Vf 5s. — — ' |O T Co 63.IHH; —
Bay CPC r.s.101 101%| Do 5s 110% — .
Cal C a 5s. — 1O4V4! Do con 5s. 101% —
Cal G & E g (Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m & ct 6a. 75 80 lOm Cable 6s. — 124»,
Cal-st C 5s.llt>%H7K!Pac G Im 4». — 97%
C C Wat 5s.— 100V4IP E Ry 5s.lO4%103
EdL& P 69. — 130 |P ft C H 69.104% — -j
F & C II Bs.114% — |P & O R Cs.116 — >. ¦
Geary-st 5s.. — — Powell - st Cs. — — J
H OftS 5%s.lC0 — (Sac EG&R5». — I0"'4
Do 5s .... 96% 08%|SF Sc SJV39.116U —
Hon R T OB.1O6V4 — ¦ Sierra R 6s. 112 — :
L A Elec 5s. — 1C5 S P of A tJs
L A Ry 5s. 110% — <1909) 106%.—
L A L Co 6s — — (1910) .....107% ¦—
Do gtd Cs. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s.lO2% — I (19C5)Sr A. 101% —
LAP lem Ss.100 — I (l!Ki5)Sr B.102U —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 119 I OOC'C) . — . 103
Dolcra 5s.ll3%114',i! (1912> .... — 113H
MV& MtT5a.l04 — [SPC 1 eg 5s.ll5 lll>
NRR of CCs.107% — Do «tmpd..lC9% —
Do 5s 11G — S P B R 68.131 1.3214
N P C R 5s.lO5 — S V Wat 6s.lO4%lC3
N C Ry 59.109 — I Do 4s 2dm. 10O —
N C P C 5s. 90 102 Do 4s 3<lrn. 99% —
N S R R 5s. — 100»i|«tkn G&E6s. — OH
O G L&H Ri«.10C — tU G & E 5s. — 103
O W gtd 53. — — I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 35 40 [Port Ccsta... — •- — - ¦'•
Marin Co... — fi2U|S V AVat Co. 33% K>»a
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P.— 3%!3 F G * -E. 5!)% 60
Mutual E L. 8% 10 Istkn G & E. ."» —
Pac L Co.. 5»;% — (U O & E Co. 20 32
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 59% 60»i!
INSURANCE.
Firem's-Fnd. — 350 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 123 |L P & A. . .l. r .2% —
Anglo-Cal ..85 87 |Mer Trust.... — ' 220'
Bank of Cal.428% — Merch Ex.... — — ,
Cal Safe Dp.145 150 |S F Natlonl. — — '
First Nationl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2250 — Sav & L So. — 1<V>
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.625 — :,\i:
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 20O j Presidio .....— 41
Geary — SO |
POWDER.
u GIant 60 «1 IVlgorlt — 8-.
SUGAR.
Han'a P Co. — C5c IKUauea S C 3% —
Hawaiian C. 49 51 j Mukaweli C 21% —
Honokaa S C 12% 13 (Onomea 8 C. — 27%
Hutch SPC 9% 10 fPaauhau S C. 13% 14
MISCELLANEOUS. . .
Alaska P. A. — 145 (Oceanic S Co. 4 4ft
Cal F C A. 90%100U!Pac Aux FA. 5% —
Cal' Wine A. 91% — |Pac C Borx.170 —
MV& MtTm.100 — I
Morning Session.
10 Bank of California, s 5. 430 00
60 California Wine Association... V- 00
50 Oceanic S Co '.'.. 4 25
5 S F Gas & Electric, s 90.,.. 59 50 .
50 S P Gas .& Electric, s 90.... 50 75
23 S F Gas & Electric ...59 87%
25 S F Gas & Electric, s 90.... 5» S7%
130 S F Gas & Electric 60 0«>
20 S F Gas & Electric, b 5 6O Ou
- 5 Spring Valley Water Co 30 .00
$4,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5s 105 00
$2.C0O S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped) : 109 50
Street — ¦ ' >
0 Bank of California, s ft 430 00
5 Pacific .Lighting 56 50
~? Aternoon Session.
Board — ¦ - ' > -»5 •'-'.•
5 Alaska Packers' Association.. '.145 <¥>
10 California Fruit Canners' Assn.100 00
f.0 Oceanic S Co 4 25
35 S F Gas & Electric CO 25
10 S F Gas & Electric '60 3?£'
10 S F Gas & Electrtc 60 50'
100 S F Can & Electric. .» SO" 00 :
JOS F Gas & Electric 5» 75"
¦-•0 Spring Valley Water Co 3» 25 ?
$l,0<iO Pacific Electric Ry 5s: ..105 00-
I1.C0O Spring Val -.4a (3d mtge) 99 5o
10 Pacific Lighting M 50.
STOCK AND BOVD EXCIIANGE.
CHICAGO, April 7. — Cash quotations were
si follows: Flour, easy; No. li spring wheat.
92(0HSc; No. 3, B5gpO5c; No. 2 red, 97V«c@
$1 00%; No. 2 corn. ft3i*@5.1c: No. 2 yellow,
Biyt&SBe; No. 2 Oats. 3S%@38%c; No. 8 white, .
40@42Vic; No. 2 rye, 70c; good feeding bar
ley, aSfjtVic; fair to choice malting. 44055c;
No. 1 flax seed. ?1 00; No. 1 * Northwestern,
$1 16- rrime timothy seed. $2 SO; moss pork,
per barrrl. -<12 ftSi&OlS 7.".; lard, per 100 lbs..
SO 62%CC 60; short ribs sides (loose), $(5 M><g>
0 02%: short clear sides (boxed). ?7@7 25;
whisky, basis of high wines. $1 2S; clover, con
tract grade. $11. -
Article? — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 3U50O 45,000
Wheat, bushel* . v. 24,000 50,500
Corn. * bushels". ...TT :.214.5(K» "61.400
Oats, bushels «)2,90<t 183,300
Rye. bushels - V. «.40» fi.8<K>
barley, bushels 43,500 31,600
Cash Grain and Provisions.
- Early in the day commission housea were
free sellers of provisions, due to lower prices
for hess. This started a raid on the market
by local-bears and the rpault was considerable
weakness In all products. The sharp break in
corn was an influential bear factor. The mar
ket closed weak and near the bottom, July pork
being down 27»4c. lard off 20c and ribs 12&c
lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — . . '
May 95 m% • 94 V4 94%
July <old) 88% 88% 87% 88V4
July (new) .... 87 87% : 8«U 87
Sept (old) 82'^ .82% 81% 82
Sept <new) 81 >» S1H ' SOVi 80;j
Corn No. 2 —
May 55 S5 63 R3%
July 53 , 53% 5U4 Mli
September 51% •"•l^i 50 &0
. Oats No. 2—
May 38% 3«H 38% ;i8%
July 38% 38%, 37<S, 37%
September 32^ 32% 81% ¦ . 31%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 12 90 12 9O 12 C2% 12 70
July .; 13 07% 13 10 12 80 12 85
l^ard. ner 100 lbs—
May t5 SO ti 80 <5 <>5 6 67%
July <»07% « 97% « 80 6 82%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
May 6 72% « 7*.'% <J 57% « 65
July 6Jw%-«87% 6 77% 6 80
, A big trade was witnessed In corn and the
market. "was exceedingly nervous. .The close
was weak and at the low point.' .July, closed
at 53}ic. . ¦ -••- . . • •. i"i ' ' • .
f Oats were weak In sympathy with corn.
After opening a shade lower to a shade higher
at :SS<P3S>-hc. July sold between 37%c and 38V4c
and cicaed at 37%c.
CHICAGO, April 7. — A decided drop ln^ tem
perature north and west was utilized as a tonia
In the wheat pit here to-day against the sym
pathetic effpet bf extreme weakness In. corn.
July wheat closed %c up. Corn Is down l%c.
Oats are off %@%c. and provisions 12%^27%c.
Higher cables and favorable ' weather were
early factor* in the wheat market diametric-,
ally opposed to each other. As a result prices
held comparatively steady during the early
part of the session. Initial quotations on July*
were unchanged to }4c higher at 30%t?87c. For
on hour there was little change In quotations,
but suddenly sentiment became bearish, with
prices declining rapidly. Weakness. In coarse
grains Induced a whirlwind of 'liberal selling
by commission houses and pit traders. With
only a relatively small demand,. July sold off
to 80%c. Later- in the day a trader who was
a conspicuous figure In the corn pit became an
active purchaser of wheat, presumably with
the object of indirectly forcing up the price
of coarse grain in order, to creato a better mar
ket upon which to throw a lot of his long
corn. Tho Northwest was also a fair pur
chaser, led on by a suggestion o£p a postpone
ment in seeding operations. • Sensational rt
jiorts were received telling of a radical change
in weather conditions In that section, I
and much lower temperature supplanting all at
once wldesDread vernal mildneso. The con- I
sequence wns a quick rally In prices. . ' Many I
of -th«' early short seller* were forced to cover
and this helped In the upturn. The close was
firm, with July at S7c, after the price had
touched 87&c. May ranged between «4Uc and
95%o and closed at 94%c. , . • ... . ¦
Future Grain and Provisions.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 9%c; three
half barrels. Uc; one tierce. S T «c; two tierces,
8«ic; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
LARD — Tireces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
'JV4c; lo-lb tin*. 9%c; 5-Ib tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins.
10c.
This market is reported very dull all around.
The Cblcaro market Is heavy and lower, with
stocks accumulating and the outsiders showing
a tendency to liquidate.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10%c per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium. 13c for light,
14%c for extra light and 15!316c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12%c: Cali
fornia Hams. ll%@12V4c; Mess Beef. $10 509
11 per bbl; extra Mess, $11 50012; Family.
$12 50@13; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear,
$24; Mess, $1S; Dry Salted Pork. 10%c; Pig
Pork. $'_»7; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c
per lb.
Provisions.
RAISINS — Ths Association quotes the follow
ing srice»; Standard grades, 50- lb cases — 2
crown Loose .Muscatels. SUc p«r . 1b;
3-crown, b<&o; 4-crown, 0%c; Seediest Loose
Muscatels, 4%c; Seedless floated, 4%c; 2-crown
Malaga loose, 6c; S-crown Malaga loose, 6%c;
Seedless • Bultenas. unbleached. 4^c; Beediess
Thompsons, unbleached, 6%c. Layers, per 20
tb box — G-crown Imperial clusters. $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clutters, $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters,
$2; 8-crown London Layers. $1 35; 2-crown
London Layers. $1 25; usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy lti-o*
cartons, -per lb, 7%c; fancy 12-oz cartons, per
package, 0%c; fancy bulk cartona. per lb. 7^c:
choice lti-cz carUini, per lb, 7!-,c: choice 12-oz
cartons, per package,- -O^c; choice bulk car
tons, ter lb, "Uc; 16-oa cartons, seeded.Seed
lings Muecat»l», per lb, 7c; 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb, 6%c; bulk,
seeded SeeilllriKS, Muscatels, per lb. «%c.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 13%14c:
No. 2. ll%«12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13@UVic;
No 2, ll&HHc; Almonds, ll J ,ic for Nonpa
reils. 11 %c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9&c for Languedoc; Peanuts, (i@7c for
EHsterr.: Pecans, ll©13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50Q5.
HONEY— Comb.- 10@ll%c for white and 8U
iUtUc fof- amber: water white extracted, 6<jJ
5Vic; HKht amber extracted, 4%S4%c; dark.
3%®4c. .
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
FRUIT— Apricots. 8##10Wc'for Royali and
0<B12u for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4V«®
64! sun-arted, 3©4H°: Peaches, . fi%@7%c;
Pears, stfll^c; Nectarine*, nominal; Figs,
white. 3g4o In boxes; .black, 4>-»c; Plums,
pitted, Gff8c per lb.
PRUNE8— 1B03 crop. 2%©2Hc for the four
sites. ¦.-¦•-¦ ', .•:•-¦ ¦;
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
Xnf York Stocks several points higher.
Local Securities contimte in fair movement
Silver slightly lower and Sterling Exchange slightly higher.
General sentiment in Coffee bullish.
S<rft Fish continues to decline.
Bank to auction off the Eppinger Grain Bags.
Millers advance Cereal Products Y^c.
Japan reported to want Bran from this market.
ll'heat quiet. Barley dull, with. sales lower.
Oats firmly held. Corn dull and not as firm.
[fay easier, with more liberal offerings.
Beans and Seeds as previously quoted.
Supplies of Butter, Cheese and Eggs still large.
Provisions quiet here and in the West.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions continue firm and active.
Poultry selling off well. Game coming in tainted.
Oranges in large supply, ivith small sices preferred.
SUMMARY OF THE M'ARKETS.
Money — lUnited Fruit ....KKili
Call loans 2»i«r3'iti; S StA<>l pM... «n!Vi
Time loans . . .S'fjSJIUJ Westing Common. 79
Bonds— I Mining—--
Atchifion 4.« 90ii| Adventure 2U
Do adj 4s S'J SAllouez 5i 4
Mex Central 4s.. Kt'ilAmal Copper 5>;
Railroads — ¦ I Amer Zinc 11
Atchlson ¦ .... 73»,i! Atlantic tf>J
Do pfd S»4>iiningham 22 \i
Boston & Albany.219 (Calumet & Hecla.4B5
Boston *¦ Malne.167 ICrntennial ... vm
Hofton Elev 139 '4 1 Copper Range ... 40U
Fltchburg pfd HO |Daly West 27
Mex Central O^jDom Coal «i>
N Y. N H & H..1R9 Franklin 8
Pore Marquette.. 70 iGrancy . .". •j'i
Union Pacific SSHillMe Royale 7 •
Miscellaneous — |M«» Mining 4
Amer Arge Chem. 13 iMU-higan S14
Do I>fd 75'JIMohawk 43'J
Amer Pneu Tube. 43%? Mont Coal & C... 2H
Amer Sugar ....127 |Old Dominion ... 13>»
Do pfd 125mOsceola Cft.
Amer Tel & Tel.l23^| Parrot 25U
Amer Woolen ... llWIQulncy 55 -
Do pfd ~*M Shannon ss
Dom Iron & S. .. 9 Tamarack ¦ 05
Ed Elect Ilium.. 13ti Trinity 4^4
Gen Electric 1(54 |1I S Mining 20%
Maw Electric lf» |IT S Oil 014
Do pfd 74 I Utah 3r{Ti
MaBS Gas 40 «4 1 Victoria .'{2
Un Shoe Mach... 4^|winonn 7
I>o pfd 28 V*\ Wolverine 73
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Bt Louis B W...... 200 14% 14% 14%
Pt LouUi 3 W pfd.. 2.70O 35'4 34% R5%
Houthern Pacific... 38,000 DIU 50% 60%
Southern Railway. 4.400 22% 22% 22%
Southern Ry pfd... 2,200 SOVi B4ii WH
Texae & l'aclflo... B.800 25ig 244 24%
Toledo 8t L & W. . 1.300 25 24' B4
T Bt L A W pfd.... flOO 35% flSVi 35U
Union Pacinc. B1.800 89% ns*i HK\l
Union Paclfie pffl.. 1.800 B4 »3i% 91
"WRbash 14.00 19S 19*4 19%
V, abash pfd 3.S00 38Ts 3S SSU
Wheeling & L E... 1.200 17i» 17 ni»
"Wisconsin Central. H0<» 19 . 1K% 18*5
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 700 .42% 42 41% i
fcxpresc Companies — |
Adams .... ....- 220
American .... 188
tTnited States 107
Wells-Fargo 208
Miscellaneous —
Amafgam Copper.. DR.BOO 51H tO% Bl%
Am Car & Found.. 1,300 20% 'M 20
Am Car & F pfd... 000 . 74% 74 74
Am Cotton Oil ,..'. 30
Am Cotton Oil pfd. .... g«
American Ice 700 7V4 7% ~%
American Ice pfd.. 200 2"';4 27% 27%
Am Linneed Oil....- « 8V4
Am Linseed Oil pfd .... .... «8%
Araer Locomotive. . ¦ 700 22 22 21 V4
Amer Loco pfd.... 100 82V4 82H H" '
Am 8melt & Ref.. 1,700 49'I 4XV, 49V4
Am S & Ref pfd... 2.800 93% 92% 93vl
Amer Sugar Ref... 41,000 127% 127 127K
Anaconda Mln Co.. 2,500 77/ 78 77 .
Brklyn Rap Tram. 9,000 44Vi 44%" 44%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 4,700 3.'«V4 32^4 33%
Consolidated Qos.. 1,000 200% 18B% 199%
Corn Products COO 13H 13% V.i%
Corn Product* pfd ¦ 69
General Electrtc... 200 1C4V4 1O4>4 104 ,
International Paper C00 32% -12 12
Interntl Paper pfd. 300 07% «7^i' 67
International Pump 800 40 39 39
InternU Pump pfd. 100 78 78 77 ¦
NaUonal Lead:.... 400 15^ ; 15 154'
North American... 100 84% 84% 84'
Pacific Mall 100 28 . 28 27%'
People's Qu.., l.SOO 97^ 80% 97H
Pressed Steel Car.. .2.000 30Vi 30 30
Pressed S Car. pfd. ' ...... ... . .70,
Pullman Palace Car 200"'
Republic Steel..... 800 8 " 7% "" 7%
' Republic Steel pfd. 3.200 48 «%"' 47'^'
I Rubber Goods . ." ,1014
1 Rubber Goods pfd 77%
I Tenn Ccal & Iron.. 3.S00 41H 40Vi 40>4 .
U S Leather 500 i ' r, 7%
V S Leather pfd.. 200 78% , 78V4 7SVi -¦
U 8 Realty 5.100. 7% 7 7
IT S Realty pfd... 5,700 B7 f 6414 5tt%
U 8 Rubber 300; 14 13*4. 13%
U 8 Rubber pfd..'. 1,800 50 67% 68%
I U b Steel S8.700 11% 11% 11%
j U S Steel pfd 103. 4(K) «l\i «0% 62»4 .
Wenlnghouse Elec 200 1C2 162 1C2
¦Western Union 8S>4
Total sales 703,900 shares. .
1 UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, April 7.— No bond transactions
1 to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4VA, asked 4Vi; preferred, bid
36%. asked 37.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lC5H!L A N unified 4s. 09%
Do coupon 105>i)iMan con gold 4s. 102
Do Sa rcg 1CW |Mex Cent 4s UC>%
Do coupon... ..107 : Do 1st Inc 13
Do new 4n reg. 133 HIM Inn & St L 4e.. 95%
Do coupon 133 HIM. K & Tex 4s. 9qv»
Do old is reg.l07Hi! Do 2ds 7«%
Do coupon 107^41 N J C gen 5s...l2S» 4
Atch gen 4s 9911 j Nit of Mex con 4s 74
Do adj 4s 8I»>ilN Y C gen 3Hs.. US%
Atlantic C L 4s. 93 Nor Pac 4s 103
Bal & Ohio 4s.. 100 j Do .'is 72H
Do 3*jb »4 |Nor &-W con 4s. l»7Vj
Central of Ga 5s.lO7Vi (OSL, 4s & partlc. 93Vi
Do 1st Inc 6» |I*a conv 3iis 97
Ches & Ohio 4>4s.lO2Vi! Reading g«-n 4s... 97
I Chi & Alton 3i*!>. 70 I PL & I M con 5.«.1124
C B & Q new 4s. 94U|S.L & S F fg 4s. S2%
CM & SP gn 4».10S%|St I-^uis SW lsts. 95
C & NW con 7s. 129 i*l Sea hoard A L 4s. C8
C. R I & Pac 4s. 72%!So Pac 4s 89%
Do col 5s SIH'So Railway 5s... 113
C.C.C & J5Lgn 4s.lOO',4!Tex & Pac lsts.. 117
Chi Term 4e SO IT. St L & W 4s.. «S
Cons Tobacco 4s. 69UI Union Pac 4s lo::%
Colo & So 4s... S5>«| Do conv 4s W> 8
C F & I conv 5s. 72 |U S Steel 2d Ss.. 7S**
Den & Rio G 4s. 97-V, Wabash l^ts ....ll«',i
Erie prior lien 4s. 97% I Do deb B fi2
Do gen 4s . . : . S6 W &-L Erie 4«.. 88
F W & D C lst5.10fi IWis Cent 4« HU
Hock Val 4>is. ..inr.s;!
N^W YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 2o|.Little Chief 06
Alice .'. l'"i 1 Ontario 4 45
Breece 12|Ophlr 5 2fl
Kruns Con ...... «KjPhoenlx •'«i. i j.
Com Tunnel . t.9 l'otofl 2t
<^on Cal & V».. I 70[Savage . . ;' 44
Horn Silver 1 25: Sierra Xev C»;
Iron Silver 1 70] Small Hopes 15
Lradville Con ... 02IStandard 2 W
Oas and Electric was the active stock yes
terday, though sales were small an a rule; Ths
stock sold still hicher at |5» 5CQ«O 37 4. but
Weakened oO-to $3» 76 at the close. The oil
and mining stocks wwe quiet,' with sales of
H&nford Oil up to flSO. California Fruit fan
ners advanced 92, selling up to 9100.
B* -dividend yesterday: Chutes Company,
regular monthly. 5c per share en the capital
stock of the company, amounting to $.~00O. " :
The Port Coat* Water Company, will pay a
regular monthly dividend of 30c per snare
April 15. . - .
H. tt. Taylor has been elected a director of
the Mutual Electrlo Light Company to fltl the
vacancy caused by the death of. Alvlnza Hay-
ward. . It Is stated that a bond issue of $4C0,i«n>
will be authorized by this company, of which,
arrangements have been made for placing.
$250,000. which amount wilt be used for the
current needs of the corporation.
At the annual election of the San Francesco
and Tonopah Mining Exchange on Wednesday
the following officers were chosen: President.
II. C. Cutting (re-elected): vice srosldent. E. .
H. Kramer to succeed C E. Dug&n (retired) ;
treasurar. J. 8. Ewen; secretary and chairman.
Louts Haean (both re-elected); membership
committee — Wilfred Page, John Choice. D. G.'
Doubleday. II. A. Marvin. P. B. Montague. W.
II. Hanncp and J. 8. Ew«n. Louis Uagaa w4»
elected caller. -. - '••-- ..' ..
Several Local Securities Shoiv
Marked Advances.
$1 85JH 42 }4 1 • Northern Bluestem, $1 60@l 55
per etl. " , ' '¦-"¦• > ' . -
, FUTURES. ,. ; /r" ¦
. Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. .
;.'.../¦¦. ¦ Open. '•• ,.HIgh. . Low. . Close.
May ...... t; $l 34% $1 34% $1 34% $1 34%
December :«i.l U2 - 182% .181% 182%
; ' „ * • -. - fi .p: _ mi , Bes^lenj
• , Open.' High. . Low. Close.
May ....:... $1 34H $1 84% $1 34yi $1 34%
December— No sales, $1 32% bid.,
BARLET — Business eontinuea quiet and val
ues remain about the same. , Seme Feed sold
down to $1 08% yesterday;; but holders gener
ally refused to let the best grades go under
$1 12U, It will be remembered that it was re
ported several days ago> that the cash grain
vras being offered down ' in depress the May
option, though net milrh lias been heard gf thu
movement for a day ef t*4,
CASH : BARLET.
' Feed. $1 08%©l 12^i; Shipping and Brewing,
$1 17H®1 20j Chevalier. $11501X0 for fair
te ehulce. .
i . ¦ , . FUTURES. .
Session 8 te 11130 arm.
; Deetmbe'r— 8»Hc v . ,
2 p. m. Section.
| December— 98% c. >. v '
OATS — Holders are standing pat on th* agree
ment' mentioned yeiterday, and- if. buyers .do
not want to pay. their asking prices they can
let the. goods alone. Th« holders > fire very In
dependent. Business, how«ver, i* quiet:' • • ¦?
White, tl S1V,<91 aiUj-. Black,- 91 20® I 80;
Red. $1 2691 86; Gray, 91 82fte>l 37H per ctl.
CORN — Dealers Quote « ¦ dull - market, i as
Wheat has now got down below Corn, hence is
being taken In preference for chicken feed.
Besides, the weather Is warmer and Corn will
be 1(ks in favor' for feeding from now on' in
consequence. Sellers and buyers seem equally
Indifferent about dclng business. .
Western sacked, $1 3601 40 for Yellow,
$1 32V4&1 40 for ¦ Whlfe and $1300135 for
Mixed; California large yellow. $1 :{5C-1 42ft:
small round do. $1 fiOi/l 56 : White. $1 40®l 15
per ctl; Egyptian. $1 4001 CO for white and
$1 27«A@l 30 for brown , <-.,¦-;
RYE-n Sttei 32% P t ctl. . . '
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 p«r ctl.
STOCK MARKET.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Spelter was also unchanged in both markets,
London closing at £22 Ds and New York at
$5 25(55 30.
Iron closed at 52s Cd in Glasgow and at
44« 3d In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was un
changed.' ' No.' 1 foundry northern,. $15 25(3
15 76; No. 2 foundry northern, $14 7i>@15 25J
No. 1 foundry southern' and Nsi 1 foundry
eouthprn soft at ?14 25«$14 76=
market was firm at a decline of S. points,' with
spot quoted at 128 25^28 50.
. Copper was 2s 6d . lower In London, spot
closing at £58 10s and futures at £58 5s. Lo
cally copper was firm. Lake, $13 2S@13 50J
electrolytic, ?13 12*£®13 25, ;. and casting,
|12 S7»i«i I iJ 12H; '
Lead was eteady and unchanged at £12
Cb 3d In 'London and at *4 C0@* 05 In New"
York, " ... - : ' '
fancy stock, but as supplies were well up to re
quirements - prices were without quotable vari
ance. ....'¦ - ' - - " ¦ ¦¦¦ •
'- Ten drawers of Longworth Strawberries from
Palo Alto met with, quick sals at $1 50 per
drawer. Two crates of * larger rarlet/ ¦ f rom
Los Angeles were readily disposed ©f at 35«
pet 1 small basket, . ; • ¦¦ ¦
APPLES— $2@2 25 per box for extra fancy,
$1 50®l 75 for ordinary fancy, 00c@$l 25 for
choice and 60<B75c for common.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, |1 50©
2 25 for fancy, $1 15S1 €5 for choice and »0c»
$1 85 for standard 1 . Tangerines, $1 25m 76 pel
box; Lemons $1 7502 50 for fancy, $1 2CO1 GO
for, choice and 7BcO$l for standard; tirape
Fruit. $103! Mexican Limes. fiQ4 DO txrt
case! Bananas |J«2 per bunch for Hawaiian
and $1 603J2 25 for Central. American! . Pins
apples, f 2#3 per ' dozen. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 1 FRIDAY; APRIL §, 1004*
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15Bornett'n Vanilla Extract i»«J
*nd highly lndorsedby all leading hotel*. •
Dangling: l'-rom a Rope.
1 While George McVicar, a contracting :
painter living #it 894 McAllister street, j
•was standing upon a staging at the cor- !
ner. of Post and Scott streets yesterday
afternoon It gave way. : Fortunately I
McVicar caught \ a f; piece :- of rope less '
than, a foot long, and in the 1
air for some minutes, i forty-five feet *
above the sidewalk. . ; Finally some
workmen threw; a rope around him and
lowered him safely. . ,.; . , ,
Rogelio Toboada,%who, while walk
ing down Lombard * atreet • in Novem
ber of last: year, ¦ was -severely injured
by large ! rocks that fell ; from Tele
graph Hill, filed • a, suit for $30,760
damages against- Gray* Bros.' yesterday.
He " says the I rocks : were* loosened by.
the blasting operations of the defend
ants, ; and • that the rocks .became de
tached because of the • failure "¦ of - the
defendant to take : proper . precautions.
Sues Contractors for Damages.
Charles Lyons notifies the public that
in response to numerous* applications he
has had Landseer's celebrated painting
of the lion engraved, size; 43x28 inches,
which is. free^to customers.: Price to
others 10 cents or 15 cents by mail. 721
Aiarket street or 122 Kearny. ' •
South' African TJons.
# , In ' the Probate" Court.' .
The estate of, the late Carolina de
Santa Marina Smith .was appraised '
yesterday at $539,639.- It consists
principally of. $2200 cash, realtyin the
wholesale district worth \$375. 000 and
stocks "and: bonds of ah approximate
value of $165,000. - M, ..
The will of Thomas E. Ryan, . the
well-known lawyer, was filed for pro
bate yesterday. He '. leaves his . entire
estate, I estimated .to . be worth I about
$100, 000, ;tohis. widow,' Mary C. Ryan. !
The Baptist denomination Is to have
a new church at 1220 Pacific street, to
be organized under the Baptist City
Mission Society. -The church will be
the outcome 'of a mission which has
grained so rapidly in membership the
last six months that the organization
of a permanent church has been
deemed necessary. The Rev. : C. E.
Dunham will; be pastor of the new
church. ...
Addition to Baptist Churches.
"There hasbeen some talk among the
furniture '>dealers of advancing retail
prices, but so far it has come to noth
ing. The prices will remain as they are
now — at least until May," ' when Patto
siens have closed their doors. '. • .
From the Furniture nnd Carpet Trade
Review of March 15.
New Road Incorporated.
The.Marysville and Susanville Rail
way. Company was incorporated yes
terday with a capital stock ' of
$7,000,000, of which $270,600 Is sub
scribed. The directors are W. B.
Maynard, T. Otway Sadlier, F. C.
Lewis, W. C. Gregg, R. E. Cannell, C.
J. Treadwell and Bart Burke. All the
above but Lewis have subscribed $100
each. Lewis, subscribes $270,000.
The railroad is to run from, a point
near Marysvllle, along a practical and
convenient route in a northerly, north
easterly and easterly direction to a
point in Homey Valley, near Susanville,
thence to a point on the California-
Nevada boundary line.
The retiring sale at the Pattosien store,
corner Sixteenth and Mission sts.. still
continues at greatly reduced prices. . W.
J. Pattosien. the manager, announced
that the store would be, permanently
closed on April 30. • ;
Pacific Coast News.
Frenjont Parlor, Native Daughters
of the Golden West, will give an enter
tainment and social in Golden Gate
Hall on the night of April J2. which,
the committee of arrangements''as
serts,-l will, excell' any previously 'given
by this 'very popular parlor. The num
bers on the programme will be by the
very best talent obtainable and one of
the features of the evening will be
specialties by Frankie Dakin, assisted
by her Fremont pickaninnies, who are
the. following named members of the
parlor: Lillian Kiley, | Marie Reilly,
Amerlia Bruzzone, Alice Doherty,
Mayne Toomey, Mae Scheper, Mar
garet Schultz. Virginia Schultz, Clara
Myers and Gertrude Dowling. The
programme will be followed by danc
ing to the strains of a select orchestra
until midnight. '*v'J *
Fremont Parlor' Will Entertain.
us in a fair spirit, and if this is so, we
ought to be able to get together.. For
the present there" is nothing more to
announce. We shall stand pat on our
demands and expect to win out, but
we all hope to do this without resort
ing to a strike."
"The formal resolution of the carmen,
relating to students 'breaking in,' asks
that the future employment of men in
excess of the legitimate requirements
of the servlce.be suspended during the
pendency of negotiations, and 'the pres
ident of the union was directed to re
quest the United Railroads to discon
tinue breaking in. men in excess of the
normal requirements of the service'
and 'in case of a refusal to notify the
company that members would refuse to
break In any more men.'^
, r "Neither this resolution nor any
thing ,likf»; it was ever delivered to any
officer of the company, which was
flatly .told 'the resolution didn't mat
ter; that all students now breaking: in
must be withdrawn by noon". to-day.'
In ' other' words, at noon j that day they,
the Carmen's Union, would cease to
break; men in. : This unfriendlv» ulti
matum was outside : of their instruc
tions; it was never adopted by. the
union, so far as we know.; , All con
sideration for 'normal requirements'
were simply tossed to one side. ,
"It "must- be distinctly borne In mind
that the increase given by, the arbiters
was based on no expressed ground ex
cept to secure industrial peace, and
with an; expressed hope; that it'would
continue 'for* years. "It was the r third
and final concession for : industrial
peace. > We Interpreted > It > in -. a v more
than liberal "spirit, * and * we > propose to
have what we are paying for. or not to
pay for; something we are not. getting
for our ¦money." _-¦•-,
- President '¦¦. Cornelius of '¦ the Carmen's
Union :' said "•","'¦'> last ' ¦ night: v . ''Our
conference tWs with
President -Holland and -Manager. Chap
man was merely; introductory; to a'full
er discussion of ;theunion ; schedule, -but
I\ am- 'glad 1 ; to -: say.Uhat '• the s situation
looks -well."* .There is \ not ¦ a , man , among:
us, I ; think, r-who;. wants to, see -a' strike,,
and i as for; myself .-you ;may,; ; say, -that
I : shall do , all in ; my ¦ power « to ; aver t
it. : I think the company wants to 'meet-
WITHDRAWAL OF STUDENTS.
"Merchants and ; citizens who would
be harmfully affected by a strike have
frequently inquired if a strike be in
evitable. .We cannot say as to that,
but we can say that unless the social
ist element throws aside all union prin
ciples and Ignores the plain letter of
their printed constitution and general
laws an actual strike' must be preceded
by certain formal proceedings, of which
doubtless the public will have due no
tice. - : .-.. .?;¦¦''•"- y:^i J :-;\
"The company does not intend to; do
anything to provoke a ••crisis," said
Chapman, "and, therefore, it was will
ing to grant ths>union request that" yxn
stop training new men. pending the
discussion. This seems to be the most
sensitive subject with the men. Hence
we decided to have it out of .the way
of our efforts for a settlement of the
differences. There is nothing further
to say about the situation at present.
We hope to be able to reach an agree
ment within a few days."'
General Manager Chapman in an in
terview last night said: .
. "We are not looking for- trouble, and
are quite inclined to believe that the
great body of our men, if given a fair
opportunity, will recognize the justice
of our attitude. The company desires
to express its deepest gratitude to the
public for their almost universal en
dorsement of its course. .Expressions
of approval and tender of services an>
coming in from every side hourly, and
we appreciate- them most highly. We
want to be right; we have every rea
son to desire to be fair, but even the
fabled worm reaches a place where it
must turn. . ' ' : (v, i: ¦:
President Holland and Manager Chap
man. When the conference adjourned
at 6 o'clock, each side announced that
the day's work had simply been a gen
eral, discussion preliminary to taking
up each point in* the union demand in
detail at later meetings. The railway
representatives agreed to:. put on no
more "students" during- the progress
of the negotiations.
COMPANY, COXC1LIATORY.
Returning from tho. trip, Andrea !
j Sbarboro, chairman of the committee, I
In a few remarks introduced John Me- !
Naught, manager of the San Francisco i
Call, who thanked the local people for !
the entertainment afforded, and who I
expressed astonishment at the volume J
of business at this port and the ext«Mit '
of the improvements being made on j
the harbor. He said the present work
was due to a united effort en the part j
of Southern California, assisted by ¦
Northern California, and that when
united California could come near to
getting whatever she wanted and de
served.
A stay of only forty-five minutes was
allowed the committee here, and the
party left for San Diego at 10 o'clqck,
where it will remain until to-morrow
morning.
RIDE IX SAX DIEGO.
SAN DIEGO, April 7.— The California I
Promotion Committee. 105 strong, ac- !
companied'by some 20 "members of the
Los Angreles Chamber of Commerce. '
arrived in the city this afternoon at 4
o'clock and the entire*party was given |
a whirling trolley ride over the city in '
the short hour and a half that they |
had before leaving for the Coronadoj*
Hotel for dinner. The train was turned ,
over to the Santa Fe a little late at !
Los Angeles on account of a longer,
stay at San Pedro than was ; scheduled,
but the railroad put two engines, 395
and 322, in front of the nine coache\i
and made ui> considerable time on thev
way here.- j
The. train was met at Oceanside by a
special committee from here with bas- i
kets of fruit and flowers and by still]
another committee at the California]
Street Depot. The members of the!
committee ? are particularly pleased
with the trip and Ruf us P. Jennings, I
the executive officer of the: committee, I
declares that it is by all odds the best :
trip of the three that, the committee '
has taken.: To-night at midnight the i
entire membership present ia to in- 1
dulge in a swim at Los Banos Baths <
and will then retire to their berths to I
wake up to-morrow . morning at 7 1
o'clock at Santa Ana.-:
SAN PEDRO, April 7.— The Califor
nia Promotion Committee, 130 strong,
arrived here at 8:45 o'clock this morn
ing over the Southern Pacific and were
met by President Sylvester Gwaltney
of the local Board of Trade and mem
bers of that body and a committee
from the ' Harbor Protective League.
The visitors were accompanied by
many members of the Los , Angeles
Chamber of Commerce.
After the visitors had left the train
they were at once escorted aboard the
steamer Warrior and shewn the dredg
ing operations and the shipping in the
inner harbor. Then they were taken
to the outer harbor to view the great
breakwater being built by thcT-Govern
ment at this point. «
The Angelenos who joined the party
were Mayor Snyder, J. J. Byrne, A. B.
Cass, J. A. Foshay, J. E. Flshburn.
Frank W. King. J. O.' Koepfii. Homer
Laughlin. J. L. Matheson, M. H. New
mark, J. R. Newberry, George A. Par
kyns, Ferd K. Rule, C. M. Seeley, A. E.
Skinner, chairman local committee on
arrangements: R. H. Chapman, Robert
Wankowski, W. J. Washburn, Gilbert
C. Wright, H. Z. Osborne, H. W. Frank.
Charles F. Lummis and C. A. Moody.
HARBOR WORK INSPECTED.
'mainder of their trip through this part
of the State. This was done on special
invitation of the California Promotion
Committee.; •
Lop Cabin! "Thr bread with a flavor." A«k
your dealer — wholesale^ — POO Doiorea «t. •
Farm hands in Norway receive $40 to
$ £ ft a year.
W. A. Jacobs of the Grand Army
will lecture at the Young Men's
Christian Association this evening
on the Battle of Gettysburg. This
subject will undoubtedly attract a
large audience. Mr. Jacobs is an in
teresting speaker and is thoroughly fa
miliar with the subject. The lecture
will be replete with reminiscences and
anecdotes relative to stories of the
war. Outside of this, the lecture is
sure to be of large historical interest,
and will be instructive as well as en
tertaining.
Mr. Jacobs will have the assistance
of the stereopticon with which to il
lustrate his remarks with some . old
time war pictures, which are said to be
very beautiful. Taken altogether the
entertainment should prove a treat to
all who attend.
W. A. Jacobs of Grand Army
to Describe Strife of
Civil War.
GRAND ARMY VETERAN WHO
WILL, GIVE A LECTURE ON THE
BATTLE OF GETTYSBURG.
LOS ANGELES, April 7.— At the
scheduled minute the palatial train
bearing 110 members of the California
Promotion Committee on their tour of
inspection of the southern end of the
State, arrived here this morning. Such
a large number of prominent men of
the north have not been here in a body
since the famous Pardee special
brought the Republican host to this
city to deliver the championship banner
to this county by reason of the big vote
which was cast here for the Republican
ticket. That was a political mission
and this is an educational and social
one.
The men of the north will remain in
this end of the State until Saturday,
and if there is lacking anything which
would tend to make them feel welcome
it will not be the fault of the various
citie^ which they, will visit. Special
cars met the 'train and conveyed the
visitors to breakfast at the Westmin
ster and back to the train again. At
the hotel the travelers were welcomed
by a committee of local citizens ap
pointed to accompany them on the re-
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
i The happy effect of this concession
! was at once seen in the disappearance
j of strike talk wherever the men gath
ered to discuss the outlook. The news
spread with great rapidity, as it always
does in times of labor difficulties among
street railway employes, and the men
seemed tote in a much less belligerent
mood when questioned by passengers
on their cars. In almost every case the
grlpmen and conductors expressed the
hope that a strike may be avoided, al
though, with a few exceptions, they de
clared that the only way this could be
done was by further concessions from
the company. The conditions most
generally Insisted upon.were'the "flat"
rate of 27^ cents an hour, the employ
ment of only union men and the dis
continuance of the importation of East
ern "strike-breakers." Other matters
in great number are at issue between
the union and the company, but the
men in general are not concerning
themselves greatly about these. They
are, however, enthusiastic in their de
termination to stand by .their union
and its Official representatives..
At yesterday morning's meeting be
tween Chapman and the union officers,
it was agreed that the detailed discus
sion of the demands' of. the men should
begin forthwith. Accordingly at p.' m.
Cornelius and Bowling, with sev
eral other union representatives, went
down to the United Railroads offices in
the Kialto building, where they spent
the entire afternoon in conference with
STRIKE TALK SUBSIDES.
The tirst real step toward an amica
ble settlement was taken - *yeaterday
morning, when President Cornelius and
Secretary Bowling, representing the
Carmen's Union, were closeted for sev
eral hours with Manager Chapman in
the offices of the company. After this
meeting Cornelius said that the man
ager had made an important conces
sion that would remove, temporarily,
at least,. one of the worst grievances of
the union men. Pending the discussion
of the points at issue, no more new
men were - to be put on the cars to" be
"broken in." This statement was later
confirmed by the company's officials
and the number of "students" was not
increased on any of the lines.
There is a truce in the street railway
sltuatioh.\ In a conference between the
officials of the United Railroads and
the representatives of the ¦ employes'
union yesterday the matters of differ
ence .were taken up for discussion. This
conference will be resumed this morn
ing and perhaps may last several days.
Both sides last evening professed to re
gard the situation as promising a satis
factory , adjustment of the difficulties
and the avoidance of a strike.
United Railroads Officials
• Assert the Union Is Not
Living ..Up to Agreement
Made Less Than Year Ago
Fruits and Flowers Await
the Guests at San Diego
and the Residents Display
Unbounded Enthusiasm
SAN PEDRO CITIZENS
SHOW IMPROVEMENTS
Members of California Pro
motion Committee s Arrive
at Los Angeles and Then
Visit Two Other Cities
The police are making an investiga
tion Into the cause of Henry Gohring
er'e death, although the presumption
Is that It tvas from natural causes. He
lived at 549 Howard street and was
n. locksmith. Yesterday morning he
was found unconscious on the porch of
a lodging-house at 781 Broadway and
was seat In the patrol wagon to the j
Harbor Emergency Hospital, where he
died about 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon.
Detective Bailey ascertained that
Gohringer had a holiday on Wednes
day and he went to a wine shop at
604 Broadway, which he used to fre
quent while he lived at 791 Broadway,
and drank there all day and night.
Karly yesterday morning some of the
men who were arinkinp with him,
thinking: he still lived at 75! Broadway.
led him there and left hir- on the front
jiorch. He was so much under the
influence of liquor that he was unable
to talk to them.
It was at first thought that he might
have got a dose «if "knockout drops,"
but as he had only $2 with him when
he went to the wine shop and there
remained 53 cents in his pockets when
his clothing was searched at the hos
pital that theory was dispelled, as there
could he no motive. The body was re
moved to the Morgue, and Captain
Martin left instructions that the stom
jich be sent to the city chemist for
sr.alysis.
Gohringer was the complaining wit
r.«?ss against Joseph Davis, who was
sentenced by Judge Dunno last Satur
day to serve four years in San Qucn
tin on a charge of assault to rob. Goh
rinfrer was going home, drunk, on the
morning of October 4, and Davis and
tw<» others for«-ed him into "a doorway
p.i Third and Mission streets and after
throw-re him down attempted to rob
him.
MEN STILL STAND
FOR HIGHER' PAY
After ; an "Interview With
Manager Chapman-He Says
He Is Promised No More
Students Will Be Employed
Henry Gohringer Found Un
conscious on Porch of a
Broadway Lodging-House
CORNELIUS
CLAIMS ONE
CONCESSION
SOUTHLAND
WELCOMES
VISITORS
PROBE MYSTERY
OF HIS DEATH
THE SAN FRANCISGO VCALLj- FRIDAY. ' APRIL 8,190-i/
WILL TALK
ON FAMOUS
CONFLICT
16
______ ADVERTISEME2ITS.
Specials for Friday and Saturday
Children's Days at Magnin's.
We arc offering: some special values for to-day and to-
morrow which are all this season's newest slylcs, substan-
tially well made of reliable materials.
Children's
Dress Dept. ',«
/if 'P'irk? ' • \
We illustrate one of our Duchess /^jSWiitk L \
dresses for little • girls, made of /-^^f,^'/* / j\ \
French lawn, trimmed with fine "^ j'i^/'l' / jV±V
quality of insertion; beading at
waist. with wash ribbon drawn /^^Th^^^^i^
through; deep embroidery flounce. <f''^// |V^'
This dress was made in our facto^-, *^&V^*V *-°**> ? " ?
and is one of our leaders at $4.50. Spe-
dal for Friday and Saturday, I ; . ftjb
fn'/S^ 5300^- s^S3.50 J^ J
ftirlc'
\m&{. Sailor Suits.
( '.'-^f^^S^»vv^ Same style as illustrated; made- of
\ :^*i^(*^^^f^\ last co ' or seersucker; sailor col-
S^Sx3^p\ Iar - shield and cuffs neatly trimmed
j/ ' r '*?\~*\\ with bias bands of pique and three
Wi : Ji. :¦ ¦ ; ' : ?.'j^^ rows of soutache braid; extra wide
/ ' . >; :^X~^k skirt with a five-inch hem; colors
A^'^d^liJ^^^P blue, gray and red; sizes 8, 10, 12
*^4l^ C^j^y an< * ** y cars - $2»5O value — Special for
~^33(y0i Friday and Saturday only.
Of $1.50
OUILo lUI w*/ft
Small Boys. ¦ /^m\
Boj-s' Bloomer Suits, same style as / 5\^/\/->^ \
illustrated; made of imported warped xSl/* fv • . lui
pique; large sailor collar neatly trim- /^**>*^ v^k
med with fine- galloon embroidery in- //""t^^Tan^
sertion. hand embroidered shield; sizes // I .V\
from 23/ 2 to 6 j'ears. $4.50 value —
Special for Friday and Saturday only, F^TkM
I Children's! Misses' Millinery Dept.
if you have not already visited this department do not fail to I
call at your earliest opportunity, as we are now showing a I
profusion of the newest and most appropriate styles of I
headwear for children from 2 to 16 ycars of age. Among
the newest models are the hand-made lingerie hats, others
made of hand-woven straw, fine batiste and mousseline
SPECIAL -
The most remarkable reduction of children's hats that
we have ever made. ."
CHILDREN'S HATS, made of imported hand-woven
Milan straw; bell-shaped crown; 16 different styles appr<£
pnate for children from 4 to 14 ycars. Reru- /"-TV
lar $4.50 values — Special for to-day , . .^X»0U
9J&-922 /V4#X£7 jt
I ADVERTISEMENTS. -
BABY'S JCZEMA
I Top of Head Coverefl with Scales
; WliicI Peeled i Taiiai
¦ Hair. wiOei.
! -CURED BUUTICURA
Now Sk Years 013 with TMci
Hair and Clean Scalp.
Cure Permanent.
"My btby was about six weeks old
when the top of her head became cot-
i ered with- thick scaled, which would
i peel and come off, taking the hair with
it. It Tronld soon form again and be as
; bad as before. I tried several things
i and then went to the doctor. He said
ult was Eczema, and prescribed an olnt-
' ment, which dirt not do any good. A
! friend epokp of C?oticnra Soap. I tried
| It and read on the wrapper abont Cati-
cura Ointment as a remedy for Eczema.
I bought a box and washed her head in
j warm water and Cnttcnra Soap and
j gently combed the scales off. " They did
j not come back nnd her. hair grew out <
fine and thick. She Is now a year and ;
j a half old and has no trace of Eczema. T
| MRS. C. W. BURGES. Iranistan Ave..
J Bridgeport, Conn.. Feb. 21, 1898.
Mrs. Burces writes Feb. 28, 1003 :
I ." My baby, who bad -Edema' very
I badly on her head, as I told you before,
• after using the Cuticnra Kennedies was
I cured. She Is now six years old and
¦ has thick hair and a clean scalp."
i Instant relief and , refreshlngr sleep
j for. skin-tortrired, babies and. rest, for
tired, worried, mothers in warm baths
with Cuticura Soap, and gentle anoint-
ings with Cnticura Ointment, pnrest
of emollients and greatest of skin cures,
to be followed in severe cases by mild
doses of Cnticura Resolvent. This is
the purest, sweetest/ most speedy, per-
manent and economical treatment for
torturing, disflghrinjr, itchinz. bnrning,
' nlcedlnj:, scaly, crusted and pi raplv skin
and scalp hnmonrs/wlth lo*s of hair, of
Infants and children, asjwcll; as adults,
and is snro to succeed'when ; all other
remedies and the best physicians fail: ~y
rtJ?°*li llr T 1 S M>ot . <h * • : »«*M - 'Raiialvcnt. W".
On Tnrm of CbefwUt* Co»K«l TK\*. Me. p«r »tal of «n.
Olntmj,!, in» temp. tl«. Dmtn I«mdoo. V Ch.rtorl
elg&r glasses i
:, A « they soothinir Vnd restful T '. Do they re-
lieve the strain.' blurring and tiring- of , the- eyesT
Jl:not. use Geo." Mayerie's' Antiseptic Eyeglass
' W .? *^7 ' 2 for ' 25c. ; German . Eyewater • by
mail. 62c. Makes weak eyes strong," sore . eyes
well. GEO>MAYERLE.~ German Expert' Op-
tician. 1071UAHKET ST.. & F: ' • '.--v ;
Spring C 1 o t hi n g
ATHI FTfQM c4 if \ \ \L^4
*m. M. lflJL<JL4 1 liJiTl \ j // \- . \ "\T/ ts
Marks the tailoring of S^M °\\r, i/^Jn^V>\
our young men's and w °J L _^/ /(\\
boys' clothing, made | /[^ V o
Concave Shoulders, I \ 1 I /v "~lL
Snug=Fitting Collar, I 1 / V^
IffCT' I i w A f liA-mPti'c ctii^tf ' - II 1 I / \
*J U<S L 1 1 lit 11 IV- 1 1 1 til JJ Mil Ld« • 11 II I / \
Ages 15 to 20. I 11 1 /I |\
Si7 Ato tn <K9I fth J\ I 1) I NORFOLK SUITS
| $/.DU tO ;;^|.UU S^J \L) All-wool, in pretty im-
, I Mf p Ortec j mixed cheviots and
Open Saturday Until 10 p.m. . t2^ tweeds; 7 to I5 $5.00
, The great facilities of this big vestibule store, the
; largest exclusive clothing store selling at retail
on the Pacific Coast, allow 'you- a moneyed saving,
7VULL TO /V\J\IS CLOTHIERS.
51©'5!S MARKET ST. Montgomery
•* ... - .... .
I "¦ u Bp JM ZjMf u s
I tXm A %3 -_ its 9 0 JKk. X
I HgA W Ka ¦ fKJl JttSr^. I
rriday. Saturday and Satnrd&y STlg-ht.
We Serve the Delicious Imperial
Cocoa — Requires No Cooking.
HARDWOOD WINDOW SCREEN'S, 25c. '
BEST JAFAZr ZUCZ .lb. 5<r
Large whole -grains; cooks ."white. Usual) i|
3 lbs 25c. .'-¦
30c HAXF-GXU BOTTLE CIDER 22^e.
PEACHES, PEAKS, APBICOTS.can 10c
Larye size. White Clover brand: fine ripe fruit
in rich syrup. Usually 15c.
URGE CRISP DILL PICKLES 8 FOR 10c
S. ft W. CATSUP.. full plat bottls 17 hie
"8. & W.V — the stamp of excellence. Usually
25c straight.
¦ 30c XABISCO WAFERS. TIX 22Hc.
S. ft W. TOMATOES, 15c Jumbo Size...
• ••••••• can 10c
Full 3 lbs solid packed red-ripe Tomatoeo.
Dozen limit.
10c MUSHES 3' PACKAGES 23<r.
COSTA BICA COPPEE "StraiffHt" .".
• lb. 20c
Often sold as Java and Mocha at Soc per It>.
Fine old sweet coffee.
TELESCOPE BASKETS 20c. 25c. 33c. 40c«
CREAMERY BUTTER 29c
Better than ever: choice of best Maria County
brands: large squares. ¦ - -^
60-LB. SACK BEST TABLE SALT S3c.
SWEET WINES, 6 Years Old.. gal. 75c
.Port. Sherry. Angelica. Paying . double else-
tvher« may get these wines.
DOMESTIC PORTER, DOZEN 90c -
JESSE MOORE or KOKOOEAM AA
bottla 65c
Choice of two leading whiskies at Faber*« price.
65c ZINFANDEL WINE. GAL. 45c
SATURDAY NIGHT ONLY.
21 LBS. SUGAR Sl.00
8preekels Fin- Dry Granulated Cane.'
35c JAVA & MOCHA COFFEE.. lb. 25c
50o TEAS, All Klnda.. lb. 33 l-3c
. FREIGHT, PAID 100 MILES.
1001 HLLM0RE ST. 119 TAYLOR ST.
Your
Opportunity
China
Crockery |
Glasswfire ?
Enamel Ware f
High Grade
Ornaments
50 £GFF
at
>^ f African Iraoortin^Tea Cf
S81 Market 210 Orani •*•. 1419 Pclk
140 Sixth IMS* D*viMcl*ro 705 Larkm
475 Halght S«ma SJxtwnth 855 Kayes
3255 Mission Ml Moots' *v*. - C3 Maxkn '
2008 Flllmor* »1* MtwKvn • 14« Nlcth
SMThtrrt' .aTSg^th 4<B> Tourth gj ±J