Forecast' mad* ""at Saa/Tran-
Cisco for J. thirty bows . endiaz *
- mMnlirlit.ikpri^" 1 1 * ?• ¦ ' » • ' V * ••"
Saa . rra*acl«co vxA < Tlclnlty—^ '"
Xalr Triday^- warmer; •_; lirit'
nortbm-est windN,^*." /
; 'j "... X>ocal rorecaster.' } *'.j»
Temporarily in Cbaxsre. ' -
PARIS, March 31. — Martial law
practically prevails in the Depart
ment of the Nord. owing to the men
nclng attitude of the striking textile
workers. One hundred and sixteen
establishments, including various cot
ton, linen and woolen mills and 12.
200 strikers, are now involved. Sev
eral skirmishes between the troops
and strikers occurred.
Mcnacrinp Attimdn and Engage in
Skirin(^hes Wltli Uie Troops.
M liking Textile Worker*. Assume : a
MARTIAL LAW I»REV.\ILS
IN DEPARTMENT OF NORD
ish the author of the unwarranted at
tack. ; -', /•-.;,-- :/ r .•¦; ¦ , ¦• . «./>• -.¦--' ¦¦>
It is also learned at the State Depart
ment that 5 Mr. ;Bowen' recently "called
the attention. of the Minister of Foreign
Affairs to, the reports 'that Venezuela
was "'not setting asjde all she had-agreed
to for payment -of foreign claims, and
suggested that" ah answer/ be ; made^ to
these "charges. I The Minister "of Foreign
Affairs "communicated ¦ this • message < to
President ; Castro, , "who immediately bej
came^ angry/and ', declined', to"; make] any
statement .on the ; question, v The I State
Department ¦ is -aisoV informed" that 1 a
protest made:agalnstt;The 'Hague's": de
cision in « favor,'of < the ,. allies '.wjis'i made
by . Mr.' v - Bowen :as 'a' representative 1 - 'of
Venezuela,, and not of 'the t United
States • " '.."• ¦• ' .'".¦"- "': : ¦ ' - :\ '
RULER OBSERVES
OLD CEREMONY
•Emperor of Austria; Washes
tlie-FeetKof TweKe^Old
Men in the City of - : Vienna,
bers}of the diplomatic corps, the Cab
inet Ministers, military officials and
court functionaries.
•The Emperor, ; who was in : excellent
health, assisted by" eight Archdukes,
personally waited on the old men. plac
ing before ;them food and;drink; which.'
however, -they ', did not consume then,
the refreshments being Immediately re
moved and later ' sent I to their homes.
The ceremony concluded -with the Em
peror hanging around the neck of each
of the' old men a silk purse containing
the traditional thirty pieces of silver.
'. The United States was' represented' at
the, ceremony by Embassador Stor?r
and Mrs. Storer; Captain F.W.Harnsi.
the .military attache; Secretary : Hale
and Mrs. Haler; Second Secretary RiVe»
and Miss Diehi. .
BOILERMAKERS' HELPERS
ARE .OX STRIKE' 'AT." KERN
'Soiithcrn'i Pacific • Employes : Walk Ont
¦ of the Railroad Shops for Reasons '
.Unknown to the :Ptiblic.
. BAKERSFIELD, March > 31.^--The
entire force of ' boilermakers" helpers
in the employ, of ;thb: Southern Pacific
at; Kern t walked • out' of." the- shop on
strike this 'afternoon and up to a late
hour.had hot, returned-; to work.
The L exact} grievance; of j the" men; is
not known, as, so far as the /public' is
informed, the relations between the
officials and the j men have been'pleas
arit and no demand has been made 'of
late ' asito .wages or 'hours,; nor has
there": been any 'friction. : "
;.r VIENNA,* March 31.— Emperor Fran
cis to-day observed 'the^anciect
ceremony of washing the feet of twelve
old men in the] crystal hall of the Hof
burg.; The^haH- was filled with' dis
tinguished personages, including mem-
Continued " on - Page 3,' . Column 2.
The market fluctuations in the va
rious Northwestern railroad merger
stocks were unimportant.
NEW YORK. March 31. — In view of
the fact that J. P. Morgan has ar
ranged to leave for Europe next week.
Wall street is inclined to expect an
«arlj- announcement that some sort of
ca^isfactory arrangement has been
reached between the Union Pacific in
terests and the Hill-Morgan in
terests regarding the distribuYion of
the assets of the Northern Securities
Company. Several men prominent in
Northern Securities matters were call
ers at the office of J. P. Morgan &
Co. to-day. Representatives of that
firm and of the Union Pacific inter
ests Baid. however, that there was
nothing new in the situation.
Regarding the Distribution of
Northern Securities Awcta,
Tl'all Street Awaits Some Arranycment
yn\V YORK FINANCIERS
CONFER WITH MORGAX
The State Department has - received
from Minister Bowen at Caracas,' who
represented Venezuela and other peace
powers at The Hague, a copy of his
correspondence with President Castro
of Venezuela in regard : to the .-charge
made in a government newspaper that
Minister Bowen had receiyed , a large
sum of money for representing ; Vene
zuela. President Castro refused to puri-
WASHINGTON, March 31.— Secretary
Hay has checkmated with a. refusal an
unusual order of The Hague tribunal of
arbitration in connection with the re
cent Venezuelan arbitration. It was
agreed by eight "peace powers," of
which the United States was one, that
the costs of arbitration should be paid
by the peace powers if their contention
that thoy should •" collect claims as
quickly as the allied powers — Great
Britain, Germany and -Italy— was not
sustained. Vice versa, the allies. should
pay the costs. • -''
The verdict was in favor of the al
lies. The Hague court attached to it a
vcrdirt directing that the United States
should collect the costs of arbitration
and turn them over to the court. This
would have involved extensive, repre
sentations by the United States to; each
of the other "peace power?."
Secretary Hay decided that ! the
United States was not the bailiff of The
Hague court, that there was no good
reason why the court should pick out
the United States for such a duty, and
he therefore has sent a declination to
perform It- The action of, the court; in
saddling th.e collection of the costs on
the United States was not well , taken
here.
Special DUpatch to Tfc* Call.
• Graham and the other man, seeing
from. the. opposite side that there was
trouble, took the hotel skiff and
crossed to the ferry boat. They took
Miss Willis off and started back to the
south. bank. As the boat neared-the
shore it filled and went down, all three
being lost. - No trace of the bodies had
Miss" Willis sometimes ran Jhe ferry
boat at this point.- Last night she took
the boat in response to a call.
On the r.e.turn she : found the guide
rope iya3 r not "working* properly and
put back.
AN UNKNOWN MAN.
"BOISE, ' Idaho,: March 31.— Three
persons plunged .210 .feet to their
death over. the Shorhone Falls of the
Snake Riverabout 9 o'clock last rfight.
They were:
MISS MARIE WILLIS.
SAMUEL GRAHAM.
GIRL DIES
WITH MEN
IN A RIVER
UNCLE SAM
CALLS HALT
TO POWERS
DISTINGUISHED JI.'UIST OF THE STATE OI" NEW YORK WHO IS RECEIVING
THF: VKtTED SUPPORT W' THE OJN^ERVATIVE ELEMENT OP THE
DEMOCRATIC PARTY FOR THE NOMINATION* FOR PRESIDENT. -
KENNETT, March 31.—
The Oregon "* ; express, < south
bound, known as train No. 15,
was held; up by- three masked
highwaymen ' at a late hour to
night at Copley station, a short
distance from Keswick, in this
county.
Reports received here state
that the Wells- Fargo messenger j
W. J. O'Neill of San Francisco,
was killed. The highwaymen
used dynamite with which to
blow open the express car. They
then cut off the forward of the
two engines of the train and
forced •Engineer Jocsink to carry
them to a point . near Keswick,
where they alighted from the en
gine and escaped:
Division Superintendent Laws
at Sacramento, when informed of
the robbery,, immediately called
for a light engine;to convey Rail
road Detective William Ahern of
Sacramento to the scene of the
holdup. Sheriffs and officers
were notified ] all along the line
and posses were ordered ' out.' to
head off the highwaymen.
Car Destroyed l)y ; Explosion.^
The ''....reports.', received up to
midnight were based upon state
ments made to the station agems
by Engineer Joesink when lie
reached Keswick with the r eiir
gine after the highwaymen, had"
left Him. .Joesink said there was
a terrific explosion and the ex
press car was blown up. He said
that •inasmuch; as- -Messenger
O'Neill was the only man in the
car and as he was locked -in he
nuist ; have been killed, j A later
message asking what disposition
should be made of the body of
O ' Nei 11 confirmed : the fi rst. report
that he Had been, killed. v; .
Officials of AVejls, Fargo & Cp.
at this ; point ' state that \very Ht
tie < money, : if any, was carried in
the express car attached to the
soutH-boundiOregon; train. ...VTlic'
car three safes and it is
said that it would; benecessary, id
Special" Dispatch to The Call
Oregon.
tJiifassenger^From
TeiTilicJiplosiODi Startles
Up Cars, Near ;^
Sl^esiiciPll
Hold Conference
With Friends
of Parker.
Serious consideration will be given
the compromise offered by Tammany
Hall. It is doubtful, however, whether
.It will be accepted. Judge Parker's
friends, who hav* talked with many of
the most prominent Democrats in both
houses to-day, have discovered the sit
uation to be as stated this morning —
"Let New York instruct for Parker and
the conservative Democrats will do the
rest: but first let New York instruct."
They were told the Democracy of the
country was looking to New York to
end all doubt and uncertainty. The
party was really to follow the lead of
Kew York in its selection of a con
servative candidate.
Southern Democrats said that they
must quickly know that New York was
positively going to instruct for Parker
or they would have trouble in a half
dozen States'
The reports will be taken back to New
York by friends of Judge Parker, and
they will figure in the conferences yet
to be held regarding the acceptance or
rejection of Tammany's compromise
proposition. It probably will be re
jected.
This resolution was outlined by the
r€-r-rc5cntatlve - or Tammany Hal!,', who
tu!d the representatives of Judge Park
er that it would be far better to accept
such an expression from the convention
than to have a, fight on the floor over? j^
lur or Tfcrnmany %na tne*JSumll-*
iation of Charles F. Murphy, and it
would also show to the country that
there was serious dissension, as is usual
in Presidential campaigns, between
Tammany Hall and the Democracy of
the rural counties. It • was ex
piaine:" 1 . to the friends of Judge Parker
that while they could undoubtedly pass
resolutions of instructions by a good
majority, the very fact of a division
would be hurtful to their candidate. A
merely commendatory resolution would
unite all factions, would serve Just as
good a purpose and would prevent divi
sion.
WASHINGTON. March 3L—Tam
many Hall has offered to compromise
in its fight against instructing a dele
gation for Judge Parker. The details
wer discussed here to-day by friends of
Judge Parker and Charles F. Murphy.
Tammany's compromise is that the
convention should not pass resolutions
of instructions, but that the friends of
Parker be satisfied with complimentary
resolutions,- which might be accepted
s* tantamount to putllng Judge Parker
forward as a "favorite son."
Epeetal IKspaieh to Tbe CWL
T"l ' ' '¦'"'"¦- -'Tl IT*- "'¦* ¦-
Mpiyoo mvooulr
\A later account of the first engagement says: "¦"¦While the forces were face to face on the op
posite sides of- the walls which the Tibetans had built across the highway to oppose the advance,, the
Jndian troops quietly deployed their flanks and effectively inclosed 1500 Tibetans in a circle, like
herding sheep. The members of the mission, press correspondents and the general staff rode up to in
spect the capture and were laughing and talking. ''' They were unaware of the" impending tragedy, being
evidently heedless of the sullen demeanor of the Tibetans. ;\^ --
"The' latter presently began to hustle some Sikhs, who replied with the- butt ends of "their
rifles. .Then a Tibetan fired a pistol, wounding a Sikh, and this was the signal, for. all the Tib-;
etans ; to draw their swords and rush at; their captors, who opened fire on the surging mob. The
officers emptied their revolvers. The Tibetans were unable" to climb the wall which they them
selves had built. Finally about half of them were able to break away to the rear, where they came
uricler'the'fire of the artillery. Of the entire Tibetan force only about half " escaped, being either
killed or. wounded." • . s N
The Tibetans lost heavily, owing to the inferiority of their weapons, which were matchlock
I rifles, but they displayed the greatest courage, many pf them coming on even after they had been seri
ously wounded. After the action there were heaps of dead and a long trail of dead and wounded ex
tended to the rear.
- After a short halt the advance continued. Nearing the Tibetan camp at Guru, a second action
took place, in which the artillery played the. larger part.
Finally the Tibetans retreated over the hills, with the exception of about sixty, who obstinately
held the village, which was finally taken by a bayonet chafrge.
;r ¦''¦¦¦ Among the Tibetans killed was the Lassa general, the military commandantpf Phari and Lata
and the representative of the Gulden Monastery; to whose influence and violent hostility the existing
difficulties were largely due. '..
The Tibetan losses are believed to be more than 400, while British casualties were a dozen.
The British force returned to Tuna this evening and stated that rifles bearing the Russian im
perial stamp and. Russian ammunition were found on the wounded Tibetan officers.
Natives Hemmed In When Attack Begins,
The Tibetans numbered about 1500,'and theirresistance of -the effort to disarm them led to a
smart engagement. The situation for a- few. moments was critical, Colonel Macdonald 'and Colonel
Younghusband being only a few yards from the advancing Tibetans. Revolvers and bayonets were
used, and then a rifle fire was resorted to, at which the Tibetans fled, but not before several casualties
resulted in the British ranks/ tl^X.
¦V . The correspondent of Vhe- Daily Mail with the mission was severely wounded.
Dead and Wounded Are Heaped on Trail.
TUNA, British'lndia, March 31.— News has Seen received here of severe fighting, the Tibetans
having attacked the British mission under Colonel Younghusband. There were two engagements and
the Tibetans were repulsed with heavy loss. The British captured the Tibetans' camp at Guru.
While the British advance had practically been unopposed, the expedition suffered great hard
ship from the intense cold and it was* sometimes found impossible to work the Maxim guns and rifles,
owing to the congealing of the oil. The country was of the bleakest, without a sign of vegetation, and
the expedition had to face piercing winds and clouds of dust, while there was a heavy fall of snow
At 8 otlock this morning a-flying column started to reconnoiter the Tibetan camp at Guru,
whereupon a general from /Las sa. with a quaint retinue, came to interview Colonel Younghusband.
The general asked the colonel to retire with his mission to Yatung for the purpose of carrying-on ne
gotiations,.threatening to attack if the mission proceeded. Colonel Younghusband replied that nego
tiations had been proceeding fruitlessly for. fifteen years and that retirement was now impossible:
Fight Is Commenced at Close Range.
The Tibetan general withdrew and Colonel Younghusband ordered his troops to endeavor to
disperse the Tibetans blocking the road, without firing upon them. .
'-¦ Forlf tTme'the^ tactics ottHe'rBritisn Av^re surcessfuVHit after ; _a*while*the attitude of the Tibet
an leaders convinced jColonelMacdohald of the necciiit}' of disarming them. i -¦¦¦_, .. :,„ •'^±-. ti
Natives Jlrmed With Jlncient Weapons Oppose Jld*
vance of Younghusband's Expedition and Display
Fanatical Valor in Face of Slaughtering T(ifLe Fire
Hope to Prevent
Fight in Con=
vention.
BANDITS
DYNAMITE
A TRAIN
TIBETANS ATTACK BRITISH
COLUMN AND ARE REPULSED
WITH LOSS OF HUNDRETS
TAMMANY HALL DEMOCRATS
EXTEMD THE OLIVE BRANCH
Three armed bandits, whose features were concealed- by masks, held up. the southbound -.Oregon express
train in Shasta County at a late hour last night. The robbers i: used dynamite in order to reach the treasure
in the express cai\ The Wells- Fargo messengerjW.J.lO^ in the explosion.
The car was destroyed. Posses are; in pursuit of the who are; ehdeavorilhg to escape from the region.
BANDITS BLOW UP AN EXPRESS CAR
AND END MESSENGER'S LIFE IN SHASTA
y.H THE THE ATEBS.
. £jjgc*g>r— "ParglfaL" ;-¦;
: "Somnol«n.cy." '
VCe^ral-f "Rip .Van Winkle.".
; Coltunbia — "Harriet's Honey-
Chxites— Vaudeville. "
rischcr's— "Kismet."
Grand— "Hedda Gabler." ' .
Orpbenm — Vaudeville.
Tlvoll— "Mr. Pickwick."
:SAN FRIDAY^ APRIL 1;' 1904.
PRICE FIVE . GENTS.
VOLUME XCV--Xa 123.
The San Francisco CallLONDON, April 1.— The correspondent of the Daily Telegraph at Seoul reports
that there is continuous skirmishing* between- Pingyang and ¦¦Wiju and that many
Japanese have been killed. The correspondent adds that a Korean spy at Piiigyahg has
been shot by the Japanese.
The Seoul correspondent of the Daily Mail says the military^authorities have re
quested Brigadier General Allen, United States military observer with the Japanese
army, to return to Seoul from . Pingyang'uritil they are able to provide fitting accom
modations.
Skirmishing Is Continuous in the IQorean District
Between Pingyang and Wiju.
RUSSIANS THROWING UP INTRENCHMEN'TS ON THE KOREAN FRONTIER SOUTH OF THE YALU RIVER. WHERE THE
MUSCOVITE ARMY WILL, RESIST THE ATTEMPT OF THE JAPANESE FORCES TO INVADE THE TERRITORY OF MAN
CHURIA.
SEBASTOPOL. March 31. — Respond
ing to a dispatch from the commander
of the Black Sea fleet congratulating
him on the repulse of the last attempt
of the Japanese to blockade Port
Arthur, Vice Admiral Makaroft has tel
egraphed that the chief credit for the
achievement is due to Lieutenant
Krinizki, who commanded the torpedo
boat destroyer Silni.
. "A man who knows his business,"
telegraphs Makaroff, in mention . of
Krinizki. "Through his skill in dis
charging the torpedo the missile struck
the prow of the first ship, deflecting the
vessel from its course, and the other
Japanese steamers followed in its
wake."
Caring for Non-Combatants.
WASHINGTON, March 31.— Japanese
Minister Takahira was among the dip
lomats who called at the State Depart
ment to-day. He and Secretary . Hay
spent some time in conference upon
the Far. Eastern war. The Minister
was anxious to know whether the Jap
anese non-combatants in Siberia had
been started on their way. to Berlin.
American Embassador McCormick at
St. Petersburg has been instructed to
bring. the matter to the attention of
the Russian Government, and' Secre
tary Hay and Takahira are now hope
ful that the Japanese will soon be safe
in the hands of the Japanese Ministry
at Berlin. . ¦
Ice Breaker at Kronstadt.
KRONSTADT, March 31.— The ice
breaker Ermak has arrived here. ' .
ST. PETERSBURG, March . 31.— A
correspondent of the Russ, who has Just
returned from Korea, 'writes that | he
knows from official sources that the
commander of! the Vicksburg did not
join in the protest. of the other = com
manders against the Japanese entering
the port U) engage the Variag and Ko
reitz, and later, after the jflght, when
the Vicksburg , sent . a surgeon, his ser
vices were refused. The', tone , of the
correspondent is yery : bitter. He adds
that he saw the j American ; denials- " of
the . incident wtten *¦ he arrived ¦-, at Port
Said, hut that^they are not convincing.
He continues:' *
"I saw the report of one of the cap
tains to his government, . in which the
A letter from Chemulpo is printed
here , to-day describing the fight. It
contains the following, regarding the
rescue of the crews' of the Variag and
Koreitz:
"Before destroying their ships the
Russians signaled to the foreign war
ships to take the crews and wounded
on board, .which they readily agreed to.
All of the ships sent boats to the Va
rlag and [ Koreitz "to transport the
crews excepting the American cruiser
Vicksburg. Although she did send a
surgeon to dress the ! wounds, • she did
not take one member of the crews
on board, ' explaining that no : permis
sion to do so had been received from
the American Government." • *.-'.
ODESSA March 31.— The . Russian
steamer Malaya has been quarantined
at Constantinople. Consequently, the
survivors of the Variag and Koreitz,
who are on board that vessel, will not
arrive here until to-morrow.
RENEWS ALLEGATION
THAT AID WAS DENIED
DROWNING SEAMEN
MA1CAR0FF GIVES
IvRINIZKI CREDIT
FOR THE VICTORY
i-> MARCH 21. — Admiral Togo reappeared before Port Arthur, : bombarding, at intervals
f roni midnight until *i 1 o'clock i n the forenoon. Japanese ' troops suppressed a ri sing of Koreans
near Gehs'an- filling.' five natives and wounding twenty-five.
! MARCH, 27.— -The Russian authorities at ¦¦Ne>ychwang > pjockim.;martiaj;law.
. '-•MARCH. 28.— -A second attempt by the Japanese to block the channel at Port Arthur by
sinking. merchant steamships ended in failure, the Russians destroying four vessels before they
reached the harbor entrance: • In a land engagement at Chongju, ¦ ;Korea, \ the Russians lost ; three
killed and fifteen wounded and the Japanese five killed and I thirteen wounded. < The Russian force
retired. • ' ,",
MARCH 1 o.— One Japanese and one Russian torpedo-boat were sunk in an engagement
off the entrance to the : harbor, at Port ¦ Arthur: ;/;Aftenvard : there: was -a'' short ¦ bombardment of
the forts and the town. /
MARCH 6.—- Vladivostok was bombarded at long .range by a Japanese squadron, the
forts making no reply. Little 'damage \vas done in the tovvn.-i '
MARCH 7.— Admiral Togo's fleet bombarded Fort Arthur and Painy.
MAIN EVENTS OF WAR DURING MARGH
KIEFF, Russia, March 31.—A society
has been formed here for the purpose
of collecting money! for the construc
tkm of a 'torpedo; cruiser, to be!, named
the Kleff, which will be presented to the
Government.'" ' ,;
'ft" .'¦*¦ -• "+
7
action of the Americans was set forth
clearly and categorically in its true
color." .
Will .Give Warship to Czar.
PORT ARTHUR. March 31.— The
proclamation of Lieutenant General
Stoessel, commanding here, declaring
all the territory; lying between 'and in
cluded in Port Arthur and Teichou in
a state of siege, forbids all unauthor*
lzed persons to approach -the fortifica
tions and batteries and announces- that
the sentries have been ordered to shoot
any one who falls to obey the order.
The police measures adopted at Port
Arthur are excellent and perfect order
is maintained.
Port Arthur's Precautions.
VLADIVOSTOK, March 31.— Concern
is felt here lest the herd of 3000 rein
deer, the last specimens, of that animal'
now on Askold Island, which is within
range of the Japanese guns, shall be
destroyed. The herd is valued at half
a million dollars. The horns of the ani
mals are very valuable. ; They are used
by the Chinese as medicine.
The members of the graduating clas3
of the Oriental Institute have volun
teered to act ; as interpreters • in Jap
anese, Korean and Chinese for the
army and navy service.
HERD OF REINDEER
IS WITHIN ".EANGE
OF JAPAN'S .GUNS
; SHANGHAI, March 31.— The Japan
ese cruiser^ Akltsushima* left .'here'to
day. ; the dismantlement of ; the Russian
gunboat- Maridjur, which was Tin Chi- 1
nese" waters when the war. broke out
arid which remained ihefe," haying been
completed ' . in % accordance' with the
agreement arrived ; at ) on -the subject
with theUocal authorities./ *'
Ma ml j 11 Incident Is Closed.
"Russia cannot forever v play the soli
tary watchdog of civilization in the
Fcir,East."
¦ The Novoe Vremya advises the Gov
ernment to protest against the viola
tion of the Geneva convention in the
hoisting of Red Cross flags to protect
the .'Japanese troops. in the ' fight at
Chongju.
The. Russ thinks Marine Minister
Yamamoto's speech on Tuesday last
before the Japanese Parliament about
the difflculties'encountered 'at Port Ar
thur was designed to throw, the Rus
sians off their guard, and tbeliey^s the
Japanese .will do everything In their
power to take Port Arthur, because; : if
they, fail, ; the Japanese will be deduced
solely to a land campaign in Korea.
ST. PETERSBURG. MarchJ 31.— The
Chief of the Commissariat, Rostkovsky,
says that not a pound of meat or bread
is being sent to Manchuria, as the cat
tle and grain available there are more
than sufficient for the demand.
• Enormous herds and stores of flour
are being concentrated at Harbin.
About 500.000 boxes of tinned meats
will be kept at Irkutsk for the out
going troops and railroad men. All
the tinned meats are. being put up in
St. Petersburg and Riga according to
a German process, by which the con
tents can be served hot without the
use of fire, the tin being^ placed in
another filled with hot water and hav
ing a false bottom containing a car
bide mixture, which is forced into the
water when- it ia desired to do so and
brings the contents of the inner can to
a boiling point. '
For sinking Japanese merchantmen
in Sungari Straits at the opening of the
war $75,000 has been distributed in prize
money to the crews of the four cruisers
of the Vladivostok squadron.
The Invaiid Russ, the [ army organ,
concludes from General Mishtchenko's
reports that the Japanese are contin
uing their concentration and gradually
advancing on their way to "Wiju, their
advance guard being at Kahsan and
their outposts ten miles "farther north.
The paper declines to" predict the fu
ture phases of the Japanese advance
upon the Yalu.
In connection with the activity of
the ; Chinese along the Shanhalkwan
Railroad, the Bourse Gazette warns
the powers of the unreliability of Chi
nese neutrality, and ' says it believes
they are making a serious mistake, de
claring that the Celestials are going to
astonish the world when the world least
expects it. .
The Gazette further declares it to
be the duty of the powers to take col
lective action to strengthen the
pressure at Peking in 'order to compel
the non-participation of China in the
war, and concludes:
MANCHTJEIA ABLE
TO FEED ENTIRE
RUSSIAN ARMY
CASSINI NOTIFIES
WASHINGTON OF
MAKAROFFS ORDER
WASHINGTON, March 31. — Rus
sian Embassador Cassini to-day ad
dressed the following communication
to Secretary Hay:
.'^By order of my Government I
have to inform your excellency' that
the following announcement has Just
been made by the commander in chief
of the Russian fleet in the Pacific
Ocean:
" 'Any public or private vessel navi
gating waters In which military
operations are carried on and detected]
at night without stopping, and which,
after warning by the firing of a gun.
will not show its colors, will he con
sidered as an enemy and sunk.' "
Japan May Buy More Warship*.
BERLIN, March 31. — That Japan
already is planning for a rapid re
newal of her fleet as soon as the con
flict with Russia Is ended 13 inferred
from a Journey made by the Japanese
naval attache. Count Takikawa. and a
number of higher Japanese officers to
the Stettin shipyards to-day. They
made a careful inspection of tho
yards, notir.g their capacity for th*
building of various craft, particularly
torpedo-boats.
BELGRADE. Servia. March 81.— A wmJ
decree T«m«d to-day retires twelve <rf the hUh
a! my of fleer*
ST. PETERSBURG, March 31.— The
prompt departure of General Kuropat
kin for Liaoyang is interpreted here
as confirming the opinion, of those who
believed that, instead of waiting fit
the Japanese to advance, as popularly
believed, he will . at once proceed to
attack the enemy In Korea.
To-day St. Petersburg is full of re
ports. One is that the Mikado is go
ing to Seoul to head his staff.
Another tells of the discovery of a
plot to overthrow the Korean dynasty,
while a third reports the arrival of
100.000 Japanese at Inkan. Finally
comes the most unnecessary assertion
that Sweden has no aggressive inten
tion, her modest warlike demonstra
tions" being merely what she deems
necessary for the preservation of her
rights of neutrality and not In any
way meant as pin pricks for Russia.
CHEFU. March 31 (from Chemulpo,
March 28). — The lull in operations of
the Japanese land forces, which, except
for slight skirmishes in the vicinity of
the Yalu River, have not yet come Into
touch with the enemy, is' due to two
causes. First, the weather, which by
the breaking up of the ice and the melt
ing snows has caused a state of affairs
v.hlch is seriously hampering the Japa
nese movements. Naturally this condi
tion was foreseen by the Japanese; nev
ertheless It is much worse than was an
ticipated. The landing of troops has
been a tedloua and dangerous proceed
ing, which has not progressed with the
dispatch expected. Secondly, the Mi
kado's forces are advancing in most
circumspect and methodical fashion-
Each ster> is carefully taken. They
leave behind them bases of stores, pro
visions and ammunition, while at tho
same time Ingratiating themselves as
far as possible with the v natives . and
overcoming WHerever it' ia
manifested.
Special Cabl* to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1904. by the New Yoric
Herald Publishing Company.
St. Petersburg Hears of Plot
to Overthrow the Ko
rean Dynasty.
The Russian troops in Manchuria, in
cluding Port Arthur and Vladivostok,
now number 245,000, and the total may
be 300,000 by the end of April and 500,000
by September, when, if the Japanese
have not crossed the Yalu, General
Kuropatkin- will advance and drive
them out of Korea. 4
The only fear in high quarters, ac
cording to the writer, is the inability
of China_ to restrain the mass of her
troops or 'to prevent troops landing in
a 1 Chinese port In the event of Japanese
successes.
General Kuropatkin has telegraphed
General Mlshtcheiiko to av^id any en
gagements in Vhich' the security of- the
Russian sidte would be 'uncertain.
PARIS, April 1.— The MaUn> corre
spondent at Harbin says troops are ar
riving continuously, each day seeing
4000 decsend toward Kirbln and farther
south in Manchuria by road and rail.
The correspondent says that more
sotnias of Cossacks are expected.
The Journal this morning prints an
interview which its correspondent in
St. Petersburg has had with Secretary
,Ou of the Chinese legation there, who
is in daily communication with Peking.
The secretary said that China was de
termined to remain neutral so long as
the Chinese frontiers were respected/
Considerable excitement, the secretary
said, had been caused by Chinese who
were creating disturbances within the
area of military operations. All was
quiet in Southern China, where the re
lations between the Chinese and the
European residents continued to be
good. The secretary added that the re
ports to the effect that the Japanese
were enlisting Chinese were untrue.
The St. Petersburg correspondent of
the Echo de Paris says that the wife of
one of General Kuropatkin's orderly
officers hag received a telegram from
her husband saying that the general
: 'staff does not believe that there will be
lT!Ty great battle before September.
Czar Has Not Yet Ceased
Sending Reinforcements
to Manchuria.
¦Will- Not Wait for the Japa
nese to Advance to the
Paver.
Proceed at Once to the Men
aced Stations on the
J? 1 0111161 «
Bussian Commander Is .Ex
pected to Attack Below
the Yalu.
Four Thousand Men Are Ar
riving Daily at the Town
. of Harbin.
TROOPS POUR
INTO RUSSIAN
WAR CAMPS
SLAV FORCE
WILL STRIKE
FIRST BLOW
MANY JAPANESE ARE SLAIN
IN FRONTIER ENGAGEMENTS
KU ROPATKI N'S ARMY Wl LL ATTACK JAPAN ESE IN KOREA
NEWARK. N. J.. March 31.— The Broed
etrtet store of tho Grante Company was burned
to-night. Loss {100,000.
The account received from Chefu yes
terday of the sinking of the Hanyei
Maru says she fell in with some Rus
sian warships on the morning of SUn
day. March 27, off the Miaotao Islands,
between* Port Arthur and Chefu, and
was sunk by them after almost all her
passengers had been removed. One pas
senger, however, and the captain and
an oiler of the Hanyei Maru remained
on board. These three men are reported
to have clung to floating wreckage un
til they were rescued by; some Chinese
fishermen. They eventually reached
Tengchow.
Three of the crew of the Hanyei Maru
concealed themselves on . board when
the Russians came over to remove them
and later escaped in a Junk from the
sinking vessel.
The Japanese generally pronounce
this affair to be a barbarous breach of
the laws of nations and of humanity.
TOKIO, March 31.— The action of
Russian warships in sinking the Japa
riese coasting steamship Hanyei Maru
last Saturday is deeply resented by the
Japanese. In official circlesyfhe attack
upon and the sinking of this vessel near
Taichin Island are pronounced to have
been a clear violation of the neutrality
of China, besides being an act of wart"
tonness against a defenseless craft. The
sinking" of the Japanese steamship
Nakamura Maru by the Russian Vladi
vostok squadron near the Taugaro
Straits is recalled. *
The Hanyei Maru was an old steam
ship of sixty-four tons, and had been
chartered by some correspondents of a
Japanese newspaper. After transferring
ten Japanese and seven Chinese from
the Hanyei Maru the fire of two vessels
was directed upon the steamship, and
one of the Russian torpedo-boat de
stroyers sent several shells through her
hull. When she appeared to be sinking
the Russian ships started at full speed
in the direction of Port Arthur.'
JAPAN PROTESTS
AGAINST SINKING
OF HANYEI MARU
been promoted for sinking the Tokohu
Maru farther- up the entrance of Port.
Arthur in February and of whom, he
says, the Japanese are justly proud, i
"The maneuver .was covered by a tor
pedo division which, running in close,
endeavored to .draw the fire of the land
batteries from the main enterprise.
This division remained in action until
ell the rrews were rescued and just
before daybreak was engaging a Rus
pian destroyer - which remained at the
rntranc*». firing torpedoes during the
night. The scream of escaping. Pteam
proclaimed that the Russian boat had
b*en damaged in her vitals.
"At daybreak the flotilla drew off
under cover of the fleet which was
waiting ten miles outside."
In closing the correspondent de
pcribes the bravery and the death of
Commander Hirose, who had recently
"It was a horrible melee, but the
Jepanese kept their presence of mind
throughout and their steadiness was
fchown by the fact that before she had
been fouled by the destroyer the
Yeneyama Maru r>assed to the star^"
board of the ChJyo Maru and then
between her and the Fukui Maru and
reached the . center of the channel,
where sho was hit by a torpedo,
which sank her on the" west side of
the channel, her bow pointing toward
the shore. "Sot a- man on -the trans
port was drowned.
CHANNEL PARTLY BLOCKED.
'The enterprise failed completely to
block the channel because there were
only four transports. It is probable,
however, that the . channel has been
rendered impracticable for the large
battleships and it is certain that the
Japnnese will not rest until the chan
nel has br>en closed.
"So close were the defending de-
Ftroyers that the Yeneyama Maru was
fouled by a Russian destroyer and her
crew, was Fcorched by the flame of the
discharges from a Russian six-pounder.
"The Fukui Maru ntxt passed on the
port t!de of the Chiyo Maru and, drop
ped anchor. Just as the officers and
rrt-ws pushf-d clear there was a dull
explosion. She had been " struck and
sunk in the. exact place which the
Japanese desired "by a torpedo from
within the harbor. ' /
"It w%s just at 3:30 in the morning
v hen th*e Chiyo Maru Jed. with a
searchlight beating upon her, and she
was a target for a hundred puns to
ward the east side of the entrance. The
fuses were s*et and the crew pushed
off juf=t in time. It was a moment of
suspense. The charge exploded, sink
ing her 100 yards from a point of the
cast Fide of thfi" entrance.
SINKS IN THE EXTKAXCE.
"The -moon disappeared at midnight
and the sea was lik? glass when the
desperate enterprtW was begun. When
within two miles of the goal the fren
zied motions of a searchlight showed
that suspicion had been awakened, and
suddenly a solitary gun announced that
the Japanese had been discovered. The
Russians sprang to the guns of the
batteries and in three minutes the Jar>
rneye craft were inclosed in a sen.i
circle of gunflshes. The sea was
churned to a turmoil by falling shells,
but there was no hesitation. The tor
ppdo-boats opened out and the trans
ports, with the men standing at the
lifeboat statior.s. steered directly into
the inferno. There was then only a
mile to traverse and the safety fuses
were ready.
LONDON. April 1.— A correspondent
of the Times at sea, in a wireless tele
gram" via Weihuiwel, describing the
last attempt of the Japanese iy bottle
up Port Arthur, says :
"Alter the bornbardment of .March
22,.?Viee Admiral Togo waited for bet
ter weather before attempting to bottle
up Port Arthur. The dicers who con
ducted the first attempt insisted upon
their "right to complete their work. The
admiral o.-nsentfd and the same offi
cers x were chosen, but the. crews and
stokers were selected from new volun
teers. • .
Bishop McKim's proposal was at once
approved and acted upon. Tbe Amer
ican Asiatic Society headed the sub
scription list with J5000. Baron Twa
saki and Baron Mitsui also gave $5000
each. Prince Shimazu, head of -the
Satsuma clan, and Prince Mori, head
of the Choshu' clan, subscribed ..52500
each. J. W. Copmann and D." O. Blake
gave $1000 each and Count Inouye,
Count Matsugata, Count' Okuma and
United States . Minister Griscom sub
scribed $500 each.
J N. F. Smith, president of the Ameri
can Asiatic Society; J. W. Copmann.
the representative in Tokio of the
Standard Oil Company; B. C. Howard,
of the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany; D. O. Blake, of the American
Trading Company; Professor J. O.
Swift and Count Kabayama, president
of the Soyeda Industrial Bank, were
appointed a committee to take charge
of the fund. >r r
Count Matsugata proposed cheers for
the President of the United States, and
Minister Griscom replied by calling for
cheers for the Emperor of Japan. There
were demonstrations of. satisfaction
when the total of the subscriptions was
announced and the meeting was
brought to a close with the singing of
the national anthems of the United
States and Japan.
Bishop McKim, of the American Epis
copal mission, suggested the organiza
tion of the charity. He said the mem
orial to Perry would be graven not on
a pillar of stone, but on the hearts of
two great peoples. Charity was be
yond the pale of politics, the speaker
continued, and this movement had no
significance except as an appeal to
those broad humanitarian sympathies
which make a universal brotherhood
over all the earth.
Count Okurna, at one time Japanese
Premier, made the principal address
at the commemoration exercises. He
eaid that as the Japanese became more
familiar with the people of the United
States they could not but admire them
for their love of justice and humanity,
which were such prominent national
traits.
The fund v.ilP be turned over to a
Minister, of the Imperial household,
and it will be disbursed under the di
rection of the Emperor of Japan, par
ticularly for the purpose of aiding the
destitute families of soldiers and sail
oas.
TOIL'O, March 31.— At a meeting of
Atnei^ans and Japanese held in this
city to-day in commemoration of the
fiftieth anniversary of the signing of
the Perry treaty between Japan and
the United States, an American war
charity, called the Perry Memorial Re
lief Fund, was organized with much
enthusiasm. The sum of 27,500 was
subscribed at once, and it was decided
to organize committees in all of the
larger cities of the United States.
Movement Begins at a Perry
Memorial Meeting in
City of Tokio.
Committees to B6 Appointed
in Cities Throughout
United States.
Marvelous Escape of • Crews
After Vessels Are Sunk
in the Channel.
Volunteers Take Ships Into
an Inferno of Thundering
Russian Guns.
Vivid Account of the At
tempt to Block Port
Arthur Harbor.
Contribute Thousands -for
llefief of Families of Jap
anese Soldiers. .
RARE DARING
OF THE MEN
UNDER TOCO
AMERICANS
ORGANIZE A
WAR CHARITY
THEV SAN FRANCISCO ; CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 1904]
2
GREESBgG * QRCEyBEBO.
GREENBERG & GREENBERfi"
HEADQUARTERS
—FOR—
EAST E R
KID GLOVES. |Vl A ~ ILE
$1,51.25, $1.50, * $1.50, $2.00,
$2 a pair. TJ $2J5.
„.„«„ JJ DROP VEILS.
c.iVcinvM T 50c, 75c, $1.00,
SILK 6L0VES. I 51.25.
50c. 75c, $1.00, X NEWFANCY
• $1.25 a pair. ¦»- mesh veils.
, |]JB5S£ |j 25c, 35c, 50c.
INDIA T SILK
SILK WAISTS. ¦*• SKIRTS.
, * $2.50, TIT $5, $6, $7 to
movER (x lVce
UGE WAISTS; H' COLLARS.
$7.50, $8.59 to QS1.25iS2.S2.25,
$19.50.-. D 52.53 lo $10.
GREENBERG & GREENBERG
•Viv 31; 33, 35 and 37 GRAMT A¥E..
' . Cor. Geary 8tra«t. '-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
Exclusive
High-Grade Clothiers
Ko Branch Etorea. Ko Acentt.
GARMENTS WE SHOW
ARE MOST PROGRESSIVE,
EXCLUSIVE AND CORRECT.
OUR SMART CLOTHES
DISQUALIFIES TAILORS:
EXCEPT A FEW GOOD ONES
AND THEY SPEAK WELL OF US.
Kearny Street
T h u r 1 o w BlockDublin's Former I>ord ; Mayor Dead.
, ?. DUBLIN, '.. March 3 1.— -Valentine B.
Dillon, twice Lord Mayor of Dublin,
diedUo-day. . . .' .
TUCSON/ March ,3 1.—^General 1^6
renzo .Torres, 'command ing Federal
forces in^Sbnora. who^engaged injthe
recent fights with Yaquis in the' Santa
Ursu la j Moun tains. >. left ' to-nigh t ; for
San Francisco. General Torres says
the Indians are completely subdued.
He' wiU!be theVguest of General An
drad»^ffl BffiHraiilMWBBWMBj|B|MS|
General Torres to Visit ;Herr.
VANCOUVER. B. C Marcl\ -31. —
,The .order in council. of. February 23,
1303, granting foreign steamships the
privilege of carrying Canadian. bonded
freight from Vancouver to Dawson
via St. Michael and the lower Yukon
River, route, has been renewed. Col
lectors of customs oh the Pacific Coast
were so advised by telegraph to-day.
The result Is that American vessels
may, take Canadian ' freight and trans
port the same to St.*Micha,el for trans
shipment to the river steamers for de
livery at <Dawson.
Canadian' Government Will Permit
American Vessels to Carry/Bonded :
Krelglit From Vancouver. '
GRANTS MORE PRIVILEGES
TO FOREIGN' ; STEAMSHIPS
this direction: 'Mrs. P. S. Bennett, to
be read only by Mrs. Bennett and by
her alone, "after my death— P. S. Ben
nett.' .¦¦ * And at the end of the s.ealed'
letter Mr. Bennett used this language:
'I have sent a duplicate of this letter
to Mr. Bryan, and It is -my desire that
no one, excepting you and Mr. Bryan
himself, shall know of this letter and
bequest. For this reason I place this
letter in a sealed envelope and direct
that it shall be opened only by you
and read^ by you alone.' ".
"In iny judgment," says Judge Gager,
"no language could be more conclusive
upon -the question that Mr. Bennett
himself did not treat this letter. as a
part of a technical will or . as testa
mentary, in a legal sense, but only as a
letter of private instruction to 'Mrs.
Bennett." ,
Navy orders— Lieutenant A. N. Mitch
ell is detached from the Albatross to go
to Mare Island, Cal.. April 14. 1904, for
examination for promotion,, then home
and await orders.: Lieutenant ,;D. -C.
.Hanrahan is detached j from the • naval
training, station at San Francisco and
goes to the Albatross. :;¦-
War Department orders— Captain Da
vid M. King of the ordnance depart
ment will make two visits per month
to the. works of the California Powder
Works, at Santa Cruz, Cal.. and, two
visits per month to the works of that
company at Pinole," Cal.. during April.
May and June on official' business per
taining to the inspection; of the powder
In process-of .manufacture for the ord
nance department. " and - upon the com
pletion of his duty will, return to his
station at the Benicia arsenal, Benicia,
after each visit. »'.-/
WASHINGTON. March 31.—Postmas
ters commissioned: California — Robert
M. Richardson, Sacramento; Nora. E.
Miller,. Globe.- Fourth-ciass Postmasters
appointed: Washington — Blrdsvlew.,
Skagit County, David Russell, vice
John Q. Adams, resigned; Walker.
Walla Walla County, Mrs. Frankie La
clalre,', vice Edward H. Paul, resigned.
Frank P. Jackson, William H. Poll
ner and Will I. Fisher are appointed
storekeeper and gaugers In the Sacra
mento revenue service.
Several- Minor Changes Are Made in
the_ Postnl Service and War De- •
¦ partment Issues Special Orders. •
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
-V' OF THE PACIFIC COAST
were scattered all over the floor of
the car.- The top of the express
car was badly damaged.
"They then uncoupled the head
engine and took me with them
and ran. down to Keswick and
disappeared. " The fireman was
left behind.!' '
At this pbir..c it is hot known
what further damage was done.
The train Had not arrived at Kes :
wick at an early; houY Friday
morning. # It is ' supposed "the
three men that held up Endicott's
saloon in this city a few nigtits
ago are the bandits. It is be
lieved that they are headed
toward Buckeye, a small place in
the hills.
O'Neill to come out. He had the
drop on them at first, but they got
into the dark and told him to
come out or they would kill him.
As he jumped fromthecar he was
killed. The safe was blown open
with dvnamite. The contents
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 31.— Acting
under orders from Chicago, the local
officials of the Santa Fe Railroad sys
tem have taken precautions to pro
tect the company's property against
the results at a threatened strike of
serious proportions, which, if it occur,
will affect the entire system. Accord-
Ing to advices from Chicago, all of
the machinists, boiler-makers and
roundhouse employes of the company
are preparing to strike next week if
negotiations now in progress for a sat
isfactory working scale are not brought
to a desirable and immediate termina
tion. For more than two months the
leaders of the machinists' unions and
the leading officials of the Santa Fe
system have been holding conferences,
but no compromise has been effected
satisfactory to both sides, and now the
men threaten to strike.
There is every indication that the
company will resist the efforts of the
strikers and at various places on the
Western divisions of the system
stockades have been erected with a
view both to protecting the com
pany's property in case of violence
and as a place of refuge for the men
who may be employed to take the
strikers' places. The leaders of the
unionists state that within the past
month more than 300 of their mem
bers have been laid off and their
places filled by non-union men and
one of the demands made is that these
men be given back their places.
In Los Angeles secret arrangements
have been made to offset anything
that the strikers may do. More than
twenty men have been engaged for
service at a moment's notice and have
been informed that they are to ride
on all engines leaving the roundhouse
and otherwise safeguard the com
pany's property.
It Is known that the brotherhoods
of trainmen, engineers and firemen
have refused to take part in the trou
ble and the switchmen here have not
rendered any decision, that having
been left to their general officers,
¦whose headquarters are in the East.
Locally the proposed strike would af
fect about sixty men.
Last Obstacle in Way of
Transfer of Property to
United States Is Removed
— ?
PARIS. March SI. — The first civil
tribunal of the Seine to-day decided
the case of the Republic of Colombia
against the Panama Canal Company
In favor of the defendants. The de
cision holds that the complaint of Co
lombia is not receivable and condemns
the plaintlSs to pay the cost* of the
action. This decision has the effect
of removing the legal obstacles in the
way of the transfer of the canal con
cession from the company to the Unit
ed States.
The cot:rt announced that the otner
case rplative to Colombia's right to
hold 60.000 shares of stock will be
heard April IS.
Vlthough no flnal notice of appeal
was fc-iven it was seated at the close
of the court that Colombia and Bon-
F.parte Wyse (.the original concession
aire) would appeal.
It is said that an appeal will not
raU s<> delay, since to-day's decision is
held to confirm th» company"* full
ripht to transfer to the United States.
The other suit relative to Colom
hias right to hold shares does not af
fcct" the United States. Therefore it
is the view at the United States em
bassy and in other official quarters
that* to-day's decision clears away the
last obstacle in the way of the trans
fer of the canal to the United States.
The decision is a lengthy document,
fully reviewing all the early circum
pmnces of the commission and setting
forth the various acts of the Colom
bian Congress, the treatie>. etc., prin
cipally articles -0. 21 and 22 of the
treaty of March 20. 187S. whereby the
company acquired its rights.
"These articles." the decision says.
• have the manifest purpose of assur
ing the full exercise of sovereignty
ovr the canal. It results from what.
i-= established before this tribunal that
« 'nioir.bia in not In possession of terri
tory traversed by the canal. By com
!-?r before the French court in order
to obtain its rights over the canal.
Colombia tacitly rvdmits its inability
tn itself control the canal. It there
fore follows naturally that it has lost
m>vereUrnty over the territory travers
ed by the canal. It also appears that
this sovereignty is maintained by the
rew republic of Panama, which is in
actual possession of the authority and
jinwer of administration and of police.
Under such circumstances it only re
mains for the Panama company to.
accept the actual situation of author
ity and the fa<-ts relative to the ter
ritory embraced by the concession.
Therefore the action commenced by
Colombia is not receivable."
The decision concludes with the
ppecific recital under the French code
that none of the claims set up by Co
lombia are valid; that its request to
enjoin pending actions is not warrant
ed; that its plea for costs against the
< ompany is not justified, and that the
entire costs of the procedure are as-
K.-ss^d against the plaintiff.
Good Friday to Be Generally Observed
NEW YORK, March SI. — The Good
Friday-Easter holiday will be general
ly observed in financial and commer
cial circles in this city. The Stock,
Produce and Consolidated exchanges
will be closed to-morrow. The Cot
ton and Coffe* exchanges .will close
both Friday and Saturday. The sugar
trade offices will transact no business
on Friday and Saturday. All er
chanpes abroad will be closed until
next Tuesday-
SAY'S THAT THERE WILL
BE XO .MERGER OP LJXES
Xew Manager of Oregon Road Denies
Tliat It Will Consolidate With
" the Southern Pacific
PORTLAND. Or.. March 31.i— E. E.
Calvin, recently appointed general
manager. of the Oregon Railroad and
Navigation Company and' Southern
Pacific lines in Oregon, arrived in
Portland .to-day. ' accompanied by
President Mohler. Calvin assumes
charge of his new .office to-morrow.
He asserts that there will be no mer
ger of the Oregon Railroad and Navi
gation Company an3 the Southern
Pacific, -but that both roads will be op
erated separately with the exception
that he will have ereneral supervision
over both in operating matters. /. ;
Manager Koehler is to retain his
position as general manager of the
Southern Pacific in Oregon and his
authority will suffer no curtailing. He
will simply report through Calvin in
stead of through the San Francisco
office hereafter. A •-
blow up all three in order to se
cure whatever money was being
carried in the car.
Bobbers Probably Amateurs.
It is thought from the . haste
of the masked men in cutting
away the forward engine and
leaving the scene of the holdup
that the}' did not take time to
secure the contents of the safes.
It is thought the robbers were
new hands at holding up trains
in -view, of the fact that No. .15
is commonly known as one which
carries very, little money in the
express car.
O'Neill had run on the Sacra
mento and Oregon division for
over twenty years and was well
known to all railroad men. It is
not thought that he had a chance
to put up a fight against the
highwaymen, but that he wa3
killed in the explosion of the
dynamite they used.
The agent at Kes wick immedi
ately upon the arrival of Engin
eer Joesink on his. light engine
started the town constable and a
posse after the bandits. Joesink
said the men were masked and
offered him no violence.. -
Tumult Startles Passengers.
The train was crowded with
passengers, who should have ar
rived in San Francisco about 10
o'clock Friday morning. So far
as can be ascertained none of the
passengers were injured by the
explosion or visited by the three
masked robbers.
O'Neill, the murdered mes
senger, was about fifty years of
age. The passenger train was or
dered to remain with the single
cngine.at Copley, the scene of the
holdup, pending instructions
from Sacramento. The officials
here stated that, .their, .first care
would be to clear the track and
permit the stalled train to con
tinue its journey southward.
The last report stated that en
gine No. 2201, manned by-Joe
sink, had left for -Redding to Se
cure the Sheriff of Shasta Coun
ty and a posse.
Engineer Joesink said to-night:
"As -we stopped at Copley to
take/ water a "masked robber
boarded the head end and com
manded me to get down from m^
seat. He marched my fireman
and myself back to the express
car, where trie other two were.
They then opened the express car
door and commanded Messenger
Asked as to the.possibility of another
red hat coming to America in the near
future, the Archbishop declined. to ex
press himself. On the subject of the
substitution of Gregorian music for
mixed choirs, the Archbishop would
say nothing except that he would carry
out the Pope's orders.
"'Won't you sit down?' he said to
them kindly. They did so, very near
the wall. r %•;'.
"'Come over and sit near- me,' con
tinued the Holy Father, and for a few
moments he talked very pleasantly to
them." >V^"*.v>'^
"One is amazed at the knowledge the
Holy Father displays of the church here
In America and of the American peo
ple. Indeed, most of the time I passed
with him was devoted' to a discussion
of those subjects. He has a great ad
miration for American - character, and
referred frequently to . the^ self-reliance
andenergy of the Americans.
"Soon after the news canie of the ter
rible* fire in Baltimore heisaid to me:. '..,
"'I see they have begun tb build al
ready. • They have refused to accept
outside aid. That Is, Indeed, American
self-reliance.'
"What impresses everybody who
comes in contact with the Holy Father
Is his great affability— indeed,, I might
call it almost democracy./, My secreta
ries once took some packages for me
into his presence, and naturally re
mained standing respectfully near the
door.
NEW YORK, March 31.— Archbishop
Farley,^ who haa returned from his visit
to Rome, got a hearty reception* at
quarantine from fifty clergymen of his
diocese who had gone down the bay
to'' meet. him.
. "I had three. long private audiences
with his Holiness," said the Archbish
op. "He is the third Pope I have known,
and it seems to me he enters more into
details than either of theVothers." This
is due, I believe, in a large' meaure to
his having gone through 'every grade
of priesthood. One day -I handed his
Holiness some statistics/which I natur
ally'thought he would put .'aside, to read
at his leisure. To my' surprise,, he took
up the paper immediately, read it
aloud, including the figures, and com
mented thereon.
Siteial D'epatch to Th« Call.
"I have" said that the intention of
the testator is of no consequence if
he did not do those external acts which
the statute requires t to make a valid
will/ But suppose that, in a matter not
clearly^ within the j four corners of : the
will, he has disclosed an intention that
a given paper should .not have force
or be used as a part of a probated will.
The cases, it. seems to me, must be
"rare, if they exist at all, where such a
paper would be or should be incorpor
ated in. a will.
"Now, upo-n this sealed letter is found
NOT A PART OF THE WIIjLi.
"The sealed letter has been offered
as a part of the will of Mr., Bennett,
the will itself having first >been ad
mitted and proof having been made
that,',: the letter was found with the
will. Its admissibility is purely a ques
tion of law for the court. No ques
tion arises regarding the effect of the
letter as creating a trust, nor does any
question j arise at -this time as .to 'Mr.
¦Bennett's, intentions or the
stances under which the "letter was
written. The question, upon the face
of the paper, as it now stands before
the court, is: , Did Mr. Bennett take
'such steps as under the laws of this
State made the letter, prima-facle, at
least, a part of the will? The statute
as to the execution of wills provides
that no will or codicil shall be valid to
pass any estate unless It be in writing,
subscribed , by the testator and at
tested by three witnesess, each of them
subscribing in his presence. .
"The first objection is that the ad
mission of this letter.- would violate
this statute, because the letter itself
is testamentary in character and not
executed as a will.
"But there are other grounds of ob
jection, which, upon the' assumption
that an extraneous testamentary docu
ment may be incorporated in a will
and- so entitled to probate, are equally
fatal i to the claim of . the appellant.
The sealed letter is not described in the
will with sufficient certainty; the lan
guage of the will is 'for the purpose
set forth in. a sealed letter which will
be found with this will.'^Kothing what
eVer.to identify it; no earmarks upon
It which will show that it was the let
ter that the testator had in mind when
he put his name to that will, and it
was witnessed.
. "It is also a- grave question -here
whether a letter is referred to as al
ready in existence. And the letter it
self, it will be observed, refers to the
execution of the will as a past com
pleted transaction.
Judge Gager said in part
OPINION OP THE COURT.
An Interesting feature of the day's
proceedings was a statement which
Bryan made in court that he was will
ing to- give a bond that in no case
would the money mentioned in the
seale'd letter go to himself or his fam
ily without Mrs. Bennett's consent.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.. March 31. —
A finding that' the sealed/ letter,, by
which Philo S. Bennett: expressed a
wish that $50,000 should be eiven to
William Jennings Bryan' and his
family, was not a' part of the last will
of Bennett was returned by the Jury
to-day in the Superior Court in the
trial of Bryan's appeal from the de
cision of the Probate Court. This find
ing, which upholds the decision of the
Probate Court, was given in* accord
ance with instructions to the Jury
from. Judge Gager, who presided, at
the Superior Court trial. Judge
Gager's ruling, on a question which
has never before come directly before,
the courts of Connecticut, decided that
the letter could not be admitted as
evidence in the trial.
The decision followed arguments
which had occupied most of the pre
ceding two days of the session regard
ing the admissibility of this letter as
evidence, counsel for Bryan ' contand
ing" that it should, be admitted, while
the attorneys for Mrs. Grace I.-Ben
nett, the widow, 'and other heirs pre
sented -.opposing arguments. As
Bryan's appeal was based on the ex
clusion of this letter as a*. part of the
bill in the Probate Court, the decision
of Judge Gager that it could not be
admitted as evidence practically con
cluded the proceedings in the Superior
Court, and the jury * was accordingly^
directed to bring in a verdict against
Bryan.; An ; appeal will ¦ be taken to
the Supreme Court by. Bryan's counsel
on the ground that " the letter should
be admitted as a part of an estab
lished trust.
Archbishop Farley of New
Vork Tells of His Various
Visits to the Pontiff
Machinists Threaten to Quit
Work and IJailroad Pre
pares for the Conflict
Missive Cannot Be Regarded
as Part of the Last
Testament of the Decedent
APPEAL IS TO BE TAKEN
STRIKE NEAR
ON SANTA FE
POPE PRAISES
THE AMERICANS
IDENTITY IS IN DOUBT
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
French Court Kenders De
cision Adverse to Claims
of Republic of Colombia
Sealed Letter Accompanying
Philo $p Bennetts Will
Not Admitted as Evidence
PANAMA CANAL
COMPANY WINS
COURT DECIDES
AGAINST BRYAN
Masked Robbers: Dynamite a Gar
on the Oregon Express in Shasta
and Messenger Dies in the Explosion
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. :i APRIL 1. 1904.
3
AJVEBTISEMENTa / rQ--
We Are Still Giving Away
Easter Eggs to • the Children
IN connection with this announcement
we beg to say that our stock of Chil-
dren's Clothing for the Spring season is
now complete. . . . . .. . . . . •
The Excellence of Stock, the Superiority :
of Merchandise, the Vast range of Styles to
select from, make it to your great advan-
tage to outfit your children here. . . •*
Particular attention is invited to our
Easter display of young people's goods
now in our show windows. . Superior
Quality, Moderate Price, is our watchword
No money is wanted— from .you— nor from hi..!,
ask only a posUl card, and I ask it as an act of humanity.
I will send him my book. I will irrjinje witha drus;-
cist near by, that he may take six bottles Dr. -Snoops'
Restorative. : He may take it a month at my risk. . If it',
succeed*, tl e cost is »$.;o. • If it fails, I will pay the'
drunist myself. And the sick one's mere word shall!
decide it.- • * mi 'Hr i.'ii ¦ jym ji« i "nji
- Could I meet you— for even ten minutes — I would for- •
ever convince you that I- have » hat these sick ones need. ¦
More tluo that, they must have it, ¦ for most, of them '
can never jet well without it. v , /**-•-«. -.-¦--.,'
But I can meet only a few, so I take, this means to'
convince you. 1 let you take.it a month to prove what
' it can do; and you can pay, or 1 will, pay, just is you
decide.. - ; ¦¦¦•-. . • .•
•..¦¦•¦ 1 hare found the cured ones fair, c In the past n years'
I have furnished my Restorative to hundreds of thou-:
sands on these terms, and 34 out-of each 40 have paid —
and paid gladly — because tney were cured. 1 will pay:
just as willingrly if you say I nave failed. •¦ ¦ ' J.
• My Restorative is the result of my lifetime's work In \
leaminz how to strengthen the inside nerves. -. •.- .. •'
1 don't doctor the orjans, but I brine back the nenct
¦ power which alone operates every vital organ. 1 give '
t!ie weak organ power to do it's duty, as you would'
five a weak engine more steam.*; - '¦ •" *• I
My way never fails, save when a cause— like cancer — '
makes a cure impossible. , No case is too difficult, f or'I I
" have watched the remedy succeeed in the most dexpe.
rat« cases that physicians ever meet. j''. . -. •;....'
, • You know some sick one who would be well with my
; help. .Won't you let me furnish the help? .' ;•_'
¦ > '_'.- '« , ' •' •'¦• '¦'^' ¦• 'Book- 1 on Dyspepsia.
Simply .Ktato which i B OOk 2 on the Heart,
book you want and , Book 3 on the Kidney*.
addreu. Dr. Shoop. g ook ' for Women.,., ,
k««* BRin u.-t^- Book .5. for Men
box 8630, Racine, (jealed). .' •' -
Wis. • ' ¦\-'-j - Book 6 on Rheumatism j
Mild cases, not chronic,'; ar» of tea 'i cured
*lth odb or two bottle*. At drunisU'.>:->* v' ¦¦*
Jell Me Who Needs HdR'
' just a Postal. > That Is all.
DB. SHGOP'S BEMEDIES.
Pleurisy •
Pneumonia
Consumption
Positively cured with Dr. Hai-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine*
or your money returned; Price,
50c 'and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by. all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
-mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
DDTTCIIPC tor Bahbers. pa-
IJXlUorlllO kPr *- bootblacks. t*t»-
*f±l W KJM.M.MJIK*: bouse , billiard tabl?«.
brewersi. bookbinders, candy makers. canrtt'».
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries. pap«r-
hangprs, printers,- • painter?, shoe factor!.?.
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BEOS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacrameato 3%.
To; make man better,, make
trade. better. To make trade
. better, make goods better.
Schilling's Best:
;• tea ,. bafcIng-powdgrj-v/.'^^»jfesilM|
'* # eaSfc« flaroriae extract tods ,
!•"'- Your grocer's ; money back.
ARE YODR KIDNEYS WEAK?
Thousands of Men and Women Have Kid-
ney Trouble and Never Suspect It*
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamn-Root,
Wift Do for YOU,^ Every Reader of The Call May Have -
\ Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
It used to be considered that only urinary .^ggM^gw
and bladder troubles were to be traced to the (
kidneys, but now modern science proves that
nearly all diseases have '.heir beginning in *WW$&M
thc disorder of these most important organs. B$l^~i
The kidneys filter and purify the blood — #w*iliP|
Therefore, when your kidneys are weck^ or f^^t^Wi
out of order, you can understand how quick- Vl%mM&i&
Iy your entire body is affected, and how ev- l^^^^pl
cry organ seems to fail, to do its duty. M^^^m^
If you are sick or "feel badly." begin taking
the great kidney remedy, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp- jjgBSjy|||W|pflg|j^^K
Root, because as soon as your kidneys begin j£j£Sl8 m^tS^^^^^\
to get better thev will help all the other or-
ganr to health. A trial will convince any one. W&^KK&illBhMtt(f*w'mm%m
I cheerfully recommend and Indorse the Or eat K*n I _. o ,.., m«o»«~ 8^
Kemedy, Dr. ZUmer'i Swamp-Boot, for kidney B&M • llll - IUC * c A Kim
trouble and bad Uver. X have n«ed It and derived I « PWUMn DA AT Rlsl
great benefit from It. X believe it has cured me Hi I 0 uABll "llUUl Rfejl
entirely of kidney and liver trouble, from which G . »Pa
X suffered tarrlbly. . Hlra !Ck5ney.Uver£ttJa4tS«r Hfea
lloit gratefully yours, aHHB "* CURE. tf$£l
A. S. Reynolds, Chief of Police, lfc£« ciREcrioxa. Vel
Oolumbus, Oa. cgi • l TT>(>w,(<n.wtiirM >K^W
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible ffifl < £3?Z*»\*i£*.*-* t>n BtM
for many kinds of diseases, and if permitted H» I ckiutMimMcMUDgtoic*. I
to continue much suftering and fatal results jEffiak £/,£?£££ Zt*Hi~ j
are sure to follow. Kidnev trouble irritates MsS ' "»«•¦ •*f»» "" *~ M Ef
tne nerves, makes vou dizzy, restless, sleep- Kgxf • I£«H
less and irritable. Makes you pass water often R^ k^' y^'.'w22^rJ7c?i' W^m
during the day and obliges you to get up jg£» *«•* »'"»»•« »•* <:«^"r B«
___ .. / • ., • v. tt 1. 1i.il 1 "j I fSt *J» to wr»k kM»*T«,»uckm» ¦J21H
many times during the night. Unhealthy kid- Kg&g Bt»|
neys cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of the ||I|| B^?S r i i Dta«i™SrtR la'iu WxM
bladder, pain or dull ache in the back, joints Kj^a " #^ t S™^ k "VJ^ 1 ?™^ k!' ; -m
and muscles: make your head ache and back ft§a| »t Wfrii
ache; cause indigestion, stomach and liver m%M DR. KILMER t CO., sip
trouble; you get a sallow, ydlow complex- W bixcii.vmton. n. y.
ion; make vou feel as though you had heart E|8 I^^ by al> Dru S8' jts - m&k
trouble; you may have plenty of ambition, but P^^L^#l_i__, „,„¦.,„. »-^T^Q
no strength; get weak, and waste away. MEffl!E$g»B&M!Wf^W&&m
The cure for these troubles is Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the world-famous kidney rem- W^^^^^^^^^i^^k
cdy. In taking Swamp-Root you afford
natural help to Nature, for Swamp-Root is the SmmBmaamKBUttSSSStmmummtr
most perfect healer and gentle aid to the kid- (Swaxcp-Root ta pleasant to take.)
neys that Js known to medjcal science. „ m eon .
% k "° W H° hf' n Ut - A i " n "1 «tat Swamp-Root i.
If there is any doubt m your mind as to
your condition, take from your urine on ris- what yoo need, you can par-
ing about four ounces place it in a glass or chase thc rcgu i ar fifty-cent
bottle and let it stand twenty-four hours. If
on examination it is milky or cloudy, if there an d one-dollar size bottles
is a brick-dust settling, or if small particles at the drue stores every-
float about in it, your kidneys are in need of .
immediate attention. where. Don t make any mis-
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is # used take, but remember the
in the leading hospitals, recommended* by * _¦ •'¦" _ . _. T -. 1
physicians in their private practice, and is name, Swamp-Root, Dr. Kil-
taken by doctors themselves who have kid- mer's Swamp-Root, and the
ney ailments, because they recognize in it the ., „. , XT v
greatest and most successful' remedy for kid- addrcss Binghamton, N; Y..
ney, liver and bladder troubles. on every bottle.
EDITORIAL XOTJS. — So successful Is Swamp-Root In promptly curing; even
the most distressing cases of kidney, liver or bladder troubles, that to prove its
wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle and a book of valuable Informa-
tion, both sent^absolutely free by mail. The book contains many of the thousands
upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured. Th«
value and success of Swamp-Root are so well known that our readers are ad-
vised to send for a sample bottle. In sending your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co..
BinKhamton, N. Y., be sure to say you read this generous offer in The San Fran-
cisco Dally Call.- The proprietors of this paper guarantee the genuineness of
tl»is offer. •:'.
moon did occur ten, twenty al^w^Jl^iil
Golden State ®*s8P^JarJ
Fut as the fittest. Piner % /PS?""Vijj||yj
thin the finest. Tickets, ll^^V^ 1 7 /^W^^^fc-Z^^^l
this office and at Southern _ J' / y I j -^^^^r^^I I
District Passenger A^ent, IfJiiHA most enjoyable and largely at
tended concert was given at; the Mark*
Hopkins ; Institute \ 6f L Art last night in
connection with the . forty-ninth an
nuftl: spring exhibition of: the San
Francisco Art Association. The pro
gramme was'aa' follows: /,
Or»an— "Gavotte" iri B; flat (Handel), 'Otto
Flelssner; r vocal — "The-'' Sentinel ¦ Asleep".-' (von
Tllrner).. Arthur; 11. .Prince: Sonata No. 4 for
Violin : and : piano [ (Mozart),; Mrs. : Campbell and
Mf . ' . Augenbllck ; . vocal — ¦ Reclt : and . aria - f rent
VTrovatore, ".-'•;- "D r amour, - sull'ali • rosee"
(V«rdl).v:MUs Vive- Hlckey; ortan — (a) * Ber
ceuse "Jocelyn" (Oodard), . (b) ! "May iMornlngp*
(Mrs.* Joseph Robinson),' Otto Flelssner; vocal
'."Thursday" (Molloy)," Arthur M. ¦ Prince; violin
solo — VSfxth -Alr.iVarle" ' (De : Beriot). i Samuel
Augenbllck; '*¦ vocal — (a) "The'. Letter" ' ,- (Card
RoiAa).'? (b) .iTValnka's Sons? • (Whlshaw), 4 * Miss
Vive "• Hlckey : ; orsan — "Graceful , Dance" ' (Ar
thur-Sullivan), Otto Flelssner.
Supervising Inspector, at Chinese De
tention Sheil Accused of Irritability,
and Other Unpleasant Qunlities.'
Charges have been filed against Ma
son S. Blackburn, Supervising Inspect
or for the Bureau of Immigration at
the Chinese detention shed Of the Mail
dock, and Mr. "Blackburn is now en
gaged in composing his" answer to the
same. - It is understood . that ; bureau
watchmen under his supervision. are
authors of the charges. Irritability
and other undesirable things are; im
puted to him, all of which he denies.
He declares that he \can, prove -every
count of the charges to be without
foundation. • *;
United States Immigration Commisf
sioner Hart North': was ; askrid" yester
day as to the nature pf } the accusa
tions against Blackburn,. ,butj he; re-^
fused to" make; them; public' \lteikA''
mltted that the charges had. been filed,
but denied, that Mr; Blackburn had
been either suspended or dismissed*
Contcniplatetl; Proviso Will Increase
Ileicht Limit of .Semi-Fireproof
Structures to 1 20 Feet: .
The ordinance 1 regulating, the con
siruction and ''alteration ~;'of buildings
will be amended at the next meeting
of the Board- of Supervisors bo as to
permit of greater 'latitude iii\ Uhe.
height of buildings which front oh two
streets.
: No .change is- contemplated In' the
amended- ordinance vregarding^the
helgiit of buildings which are' at pres :
ent ; limited as follows:' Class A (fire-'
proof), ,201; feet;s*clas8 B*(semi-flrer
proof) , ; 100 f eet ; class C, 8 2 feet. The
amendment;; will ¦ contain -.the -proviso
that "When buiraings of the character
designated \ class \ B \ areV to ' beVerected
.with' two frontages abutting^ -the build
ing" ¦ lines at the^intersection fof j streets
having a width of not less than thlrty
flve"feet, \ said buildings- may; be 'erect^
ed to -a 1 height; hot i to "eXceedU20 feet^
PROPOSES TO AMEND
BUILDING ORDINANCE
CHARGES FIIJ5D AGAINST
MASON" S. BLACKBURN*
PICTURES AND MUSIC GIVE
PLEASURE TO BIG CROWD
Mrs; Jacob Goetjeil, wife of the
Juror: in' the Botkin case, whose
husband has admitted that an' at
tempt was made to bribe", him,
believes Implicitly that the meet
ing \ with the " "woman in blue"
and their subsequent journey to a
house of- questionable' repute at 309
Grant avenue, was without any crirti
inality: on ". his part. When \ inter
viewed at Goetjen's place of business
last night she stated that she had the
utmost confidence in her husband and
ficouted the suggestion that she had
ever expressed an intention of securing
a divorce. Further than this she de
clined to discuss the matter/
Henry Goetjen,' a brother,- of the
juror in question, was more willing to
explain. lie stated that it was the be
lief of the family that his brother had
been .decoyed' to the house at _309
Grant 'avenue* by some one who had
worked on hie, sympathies. •
"My brother is tender-hearted," he
said, "and is easily led. Whatever mo
tive is ascribed we ar6' all "satisfied
that he was duped into this meeting
with a woman. He is happily mar-
Wife of Juryman Gic it jen Expresses
','¦''' Entire Trust iii Husband.
SCOUTS REPORT OF DIVORCE.
JURORS GO TO THEATER.
Arfe Watched by Officers and Denied
Any Visitors. " >
The jurors for the Botkin trial were
treated to a trip to the Alcazar thea
ter last evening by wayof a little di
version. In " the charge of Deputy
Sheriff Meinert and Bailiff Welch they
marched up Market street at a 'little
after 8 o'clock. .
The attention of passersby was at
tracted by the procession as they
passed 'along • the street and before
they, had reached the. theater a. large
crowd of street urdhihg was in their
wake;
Already many of : the imprisoned
men are weary of their confinement,
despite the large rooms, ideal service
and attention that is given them. Even
the food .that is^ takerr t6 the 'men is
first inspected , by. the officers before
it Is 'admitted into the rooms and, no
visitors are allowed .to converse with
their friends.. All * this is in accord
ance with Judge Cook's instructions
and the order's of Sheriff Curtis. .
Licenses Show a Gain.
The .report of collections in the li
cense department .of the Tax Collec
tor's office for the month of March
shows a total* of $31,441 25, less spe
cialdeposit of $29. The collections in
March, 1903, were $29,305 75, show
ing a gain for this year of $2106 50.
Century Club Incorporates.
Articles of incorporation of "the
Century Club of California, a woman's
organization, were filed yesterday. The
directors are Kate F. Hutchinson,
Katherlne W. Slack, Mary Anthony
Folger, Fransetta L. Sumner, Mary K.
Hopkins, Caroline Van Dyke. Ger
trude G. Morris, Helen A^Hengstler,
Elizabeth C. Baldwin. Minnie S. Codp
er and Helen P. Sanborn.
ried and neither his wife nor any
member of the family believes that
he has* committed any crime. This
talk of divorce proceedings is rub
bish. He is" not' the kind of a man
who would violate his marital vows,"
_ "Is your brother a drinking man?"
was asked.
"At Intervals he drinks he&vily,"
salfl the brother. "Since he was ac
cepted )»h this jury he has been in
dulging'in liquor, and we all attribute
his behavior in the case to that fact.
He could not arid Wouia hot be bribed",
and if any attempt has been malle to
swerve his judgment in the Botkin
case; he took what he coriceived was
the proper course. Since the develop
ments of the alleged bribery none of
the family have seen him and conse
quently vfe fife in the dark except
what we read in the riewspapers."
attention of the court that has been connected
with the defendant in* this case— nothing has
come to the court connecting in any way any
one connected wjth the prosecution, but mat
ters have come to the court which have caused
the court to deem It necessary .that the Jury
be kept together and not allowed to separate
until this trial lf> . over. .Now you must draw
no conclusion* from that fact against either
eide in this case. * .
You are to decide this ca*e on the evidence
you hear In this courtroom and on nothing
else; you are »o decide the case on that evi
dence and on the law that foa shall hear from
the court, and no outside influence, one way or
the other, and It Is that you may do «> that
you are from now on, until the trial is ¦con
cluded, kept together.
The court has arranged that your confine
ment shall be as comfortable as it Is possible
to make it. Provisions have been made | for
you to be kept at a hotej, where you will re
ceive all the comforts and attention possible
under the circumstances. We are about to
adjourn for the afternoon: we will have no
court this aftwnoon. and the Sheriff will take
you out: you may 'go out to the park If you
want, or If you wish to go to your holise you
may go, but all m»«t go together; you must
not separate. If one* Juror desires to go to his
house, the other Jurors being all willing to go
with him, very well; two sheriffs can accom
pany the. twelye Jurors, either to their place
of business or their homes. •'•:•¦: -i '
MUST N T OT DISCUSS CASK.
No matter what you do, you are Instructed
not to talk about this ca««. eltHer among
yourselves or with any. one else. This case
must not be spoken of among yourselves or
with the bailiff in charge of you or with any'
one else. ! If you happen to ee# a newspaper
It is your duty, and I Instruct you. as. I have
Instructed you b»fore. not to read anything
that you may see in it — anything In the dally
newspapers. The daily newsoapers you- may
have, but the Sheriff will be Instructed to
take from those newspapers, before they are
tivcn to you. anything that relates to this
case; the rest of the paper you may have, but
they will not be permitted to give you a
riciKT with anything In It relating to thio
case, any more than they would be permitted
to talk to you about the case. You will not
form or express any opinion upon the. .case
until- it is finally submitted to you.
Up to this Mint you have heard the testi
mony for the prosecution. Their case, so far
an their testimony \* concerned. Is closed, you
have yet to hear the testimony to be Offered
by the defense, and you should form no -opin
ion until you have h"ar«I it. Even after yoU
have 1ifard.it you should form ho 6plHlon. un
til after you have heard the arguments on
both fiaes," and- then you should form no opin
ion until you. have heard the charge- or the
court and reivlvwl the* law which Is to rftv
ern you In determining th» case. Your opin
ion should be reserved iintll yoil have retired
to your Jury-room to render your yerdlct4 • J
Now,' centlemcn, I think this admonition Is
6Uffldent to let *y6u Understand the. necessity
of bearing In mind the admonition the court
has given .you at each adjournment of .the
cage heretofore and the reasons *'hy the ebliif
deems ,-1t necc-spary that you " should be kept
together from now on. Hearing 'this admoni
tion \n mind, you will now be taken by the
Sheriff anil brought bach" Into court to-morrow
morning nt'tO o'clock. As I said yesterday.
If the jurcrg deslt« to no together to the park
or out walking or" sro to any place of amuse
ment. th» Sheriff 'will take them.
.; At " the end .of the instruction" the
Judge announced that by stipulation
of- both sides the jurors were allowed
to have claret with their' meals, and a
look of relief came to the fades of some
In the box. During the remainder of
the trial the jjiry. will be quartered at
the Pals'-- Hotel and will be under the
general supervision of Deputy Sheriffs
Welch and Melnert.
MR 5 ? COHDEUA BOTKIN ANNOUNCING TO THECOCRT THAT SHE INSISTED ON A VEKblCT FROM THK JURY AS IM
PANELED-AT PRESENT. AND SOME OF T1U3 CURIOUS 'SPECTATORS WHO CRANED THEIR NECKS TO WATCH DE
FENDANT. "WHILE. SHE MADE HEH STATEMENT. .
V Bbthvdefensdahd pro^cutipn^in the
:B.6tkirt;V.triail^^
standing: ; the g vagaries of Juror • ' Jacob
Goeti^n^: who; claims to have been ap-'
:p*iSajbiied'v;wit^
"hang ¦' the;.^ juryy i i t: is a safe proposi
tion ¦_ to i&t th^^determtaation of v the
woman's guilt or innoceflce rest with
the present panel.
When Mrs. Cordelia Botkin arose in
open- court and announced steadily
and without show of ;en^ion that she
inaisted on a verdict from the 'twelve
men on the present panel there was
no alternative left for. Judge Cook or
the District Attorney. Diy^itiPf action
was evident both on tho i»art of the
cour^an^:th^Aprbsecutfonl^i:^
they?felt;.that : Goetjen had disqualified
liimaelf.as a juror in the casoy;by;;the:
fact -that he had discussed the case
with an outsider.
';!^rhe;;.yol«ntary: accfiptance of vthe
¦ijury^ by^Mts^Bbtkjripmposiedfa^ legal
barricade to whuteve» objections ?the
prosecution.; cbuld^bn*er;br; thati: Judge
CookVcould.; impose ih,the?;Wxercise of
• his discretion. ts/To ;¦ have-'i rejected '..'the
iexlstinir jury : after Uts acceptance, by
the defendant would have placed her.
in the position of being twice in jeop
ardy for the same crime and. have se
cured her acquittal. •••"¦
District Attorney Byington was re
luctant to be interviewed on the sub
ject of Juror Goetjen's alleged mis
givings. The jury had been accepted
by the defense^ he said, 'and further
disctlsslon was in bad taste as long as
the case was pending. i
$, "I will state, however, that, the deV
fense has waived. every claim to im
propriety on thepartof the jury,"^ho
said, "and if it should return a ver
dict of guilty Mrs. Botkin must abide
by the \ issue. She. can ne-ver \ plead
that the jury was improperly com
posed.
"As to" whether or riot we are sat
isfied With the jury I cannot say. We
have accepted. the panel and must try
the case before it. It is not the prop
er time to discuss the personnel of
the jury while the case lsf pending."
Attorney George A. Knight was
frank in his statement that Mrs. Bot
kin's demand for a verdict from the
present jury excluded all claims for a
reversal from the Supreme Court on*
account of the unfltness of one or any
of the jurors to pass on the issues in
the case.
"Mrs. Botkln's statement in op&n
court," he said, "removes any conten
tion of that kind. She is willing to
have the issues tried by the jury ac
cepted by both sides. I stated yes
terday in court that the defense wish
ed the jury discharged. In this mo
tion the prosecution concurred. I
was unwilling to haVe the' case de
cided by a body of men on whom the
least taint of suspicion rested.
"After the adjournment of : court I
held a consultation with Mrs. Botkin
and told her plainly that I could not
devote three . weeks more to the trial
"immediately: "I ; have many , important
civil matters to attend, and 1 have been
forced to neglect these during this trial.
After I had told her this she said she
was willing to proceed with the trial
Although Jacob Goetjen. one or the
jurors engaged in trying Mrs. Cordelia
Hot kin for the murder of Mrs. John F.
Dunning at Dover. Del., in the month
of August, 1SSS, has confessed that an
attempt has been made to -bribe him,
the panel originally selected will con
tinue anil :>ass on the guilt .or inno
cmee of the «ccus»<l woman. Mrs. Boi
k:n is char^-d with s»ndfrhj? a bos of
.poimined candy from San Fran
cisco In August, 1WK. to Mr*.
Dunning at Dover. Del., of which the
latter and h^r MKter. Xlrs. Joshua D
.Deane, j«art«M>k and died from the ff
ficts. On the first trial the defendant
convicted and wntenoed to life im
prisonment, '¦: but : the verdict was .re
versed by the Supreme Court. . ;
The determination y«»stvrda>~ to «*on
tlnu* with the ; i>te*ent Jury was as.
much i»f a surprise, in its 1 way as ha«l
l«^ett the revelations' brought out «»n the
j.revious day .by. Judge ;C«»uk atid . the
LesUxnony in support ' : . of them intr«»
duced bar Chief of Police Wittman. and
Detective St^pht-n Bunn»-r. Thenirwas";
phoun that Goetj.»n, the culpable, juhnv:
had to!d the Chief t»f Police: that, an
r-fTort had been made by some indefinite
man to sct-ure his assistance in •¦hanp
tng" the jury, and he rlaiuvd tli«» state-:
ment Ji*ad« t<» him that ¦ already;
f'.ur Jurors had been secured. The pri«:»»
he claims to have been offered was $.W
Judge Cook on Tuesday evening
c learly foreshadow*^ his willingnvss to
dismiss the Jurj- and l»»*Rin with a new
I>anpl. To this no objection was en
tered, and Attorney Knight for the de
fense made a motion that the jury to?
discharged. It was concurred in by the
prosecution, and lhe Judge all but
made the necessary order. Finally he
announced that he wished to look up
authorities so that the order would 1*'
in proper form. Then the jury was
placed in the custody of the Sheriff,
with the understanding that it was to
l»e discharged in the morning on the
reconvening of court.
ACCEPTS THE .IFRV.
The surprise came at the opening of
the morning session. The jury was not
present in court, having been- conduct
ed Into the jury-room by the under
eheriffs by order of Judge Cook pending
the preliminary proceedings. Attorney
Knicht arose and said in an unusually
quiet tone:
"May it please the court, the defend
ant, Mrs. Cordelia Botkin, refuses to be
bound by the admission and motion of
her attorneys yesterday, and says she
•will not be bound by it and she is here
to speak for herself, and I will .with
draw that motion and Mr. McGowan
will concur in the statement."
"I concur in the withdrawal of the
motion," said McGowan.
Judge Cook turned to Mrs. Botkin
and asked her if the statement were
true. There was surprise in his manner
and tone. At a nod from Knight, Mrs.
Botkin arose and in a clear voice said:
"Independently of any influence or
advice from my counsel, I demand a
verdict from this jury."
'V:V N'O ALTERNATIVE LEFT.
The statement from the ' defendant
left no alternative for the court. The
panel must be accepted on the demand
of the defendant. Otherwise she could
properly plead that she had been once
In jeopardy, which claim had been ex
pressly waived by her attorneys on the
preceding day.
Assistant District Attorney Ferral In
terjected a nrmark in the hush that
followed the statement of Mrs. Botkin
which started the proceedings going
again.
"I suppose your Honor will withdraw
the remark you made," said he, ."that
you would set aside a verdict of guilly
if obtained?"
"Of course," said Judge Cook.
"That was made in view of what was
stated here yesterday?" continued Frr
ral.
The Judj?e ignored the question. Then
Etill In tones of doubt he said:
"If. they, want to proceed with this
Jury, very well. Call the jury in."
The Jury was brought 4nto the couft-
before the present Jury, iieifeyinj? ' tfc«t
the showing of the prosecution hhd:tbe
testimony which "wilt be df/eted "by- the
defense will acquit her under: any con
ditions. (The statement^ she : thade In
court was {entirely; voluntary, and
knowing her frame of mind I acquiesced
. "iexpect that the introduction of evi
dence -by the'-d^fense vi.H '•'.'not occupy
more than two days unless the prosecu
tion prolongs •'•.the'"'ca'ie.';"-Nbt«rIth8taBd-'
'JiigvihefreyelaiipM
lam confident of aft; actitilttaJ, because
inySplieht is entirely •; innocent of the
heinous crime charged? against he'rvthp
.char(fe :^supportcdv:ih!-'tfe';-ni'o9t- '^bpins ::
part by^perjured and purchased testi
mony.
&YAny -import; that 1 %!iayG-:intimatcdXa
lyish) to%ithdravr ffr^^hexdef^nse; is
f alse. : jl stated in court:that;if'the.-pros
ecutioti^ iiisistf dsyon ; " evi- i
d^n.ce:a'fter/th?^deferise;had opened arid
th^Vcburt^allowed^its-; introduction '£ti
vrbuld ; ;;\yithd*aWv ; from -- : the i'case. ;.: My
statement: had; no "relation to "Sirs. Boi-.
kin."-: While I am receiving no compen
sation "for defending her. and Mr. Mc
fJu'.van receives no recompense fof his
labbrsi we both feel that having started
once in the cause and having convinced
ourselves that the defendant is inno
cent, it is our duty as members of the
bar and honorable lawyers to fight" for
her to the last ditch against an unjust
accusation." " HKM
Chief Wittman said yesterday that no
further, attempt was being made by the
police to locate the alleged briber who
approached Juror Cioetjen with an offer
of $50 to 'hang" the jury. There is an
air of unbelief about police headquar
ters that Goetjen was ever seriously
flppr.oac.hed jwith_a bribe, and.his.. state
ments are taken with incredulity. The
bare fact that the juror on the night
that he claimed to have been ap
proached imbibed fifteen drinks of
whisky ' between his journey from the
Hall of Justice to his place of business,
at Fifth and Folsom streets, is a mat
ter of police record, and the belief is
expressed that the alleged- attempt at
bribery was largely the result of in
dulgence In drink.
An attempt to Interview Mrs. Botkin
at the County Jail last night met with
a refusal to discuss any phase of the
case. She said that her defense was
in the hands of her attorneys, and re
ferred the repdrter to them.
roots and. each found hi* accustomed
seat in the box. Evidently they Were
puzzled by the proceedings that had
resulted in their detention in the cus
tody of the Sheriff, but they all ap
peared in good humor. Even Goetjen
smiled broadly, although his force 1
abstention from liquor and the medical
treatment he received during the night
had put an impress of suffering on hi;
face. . When they were seated in'; th«i
box Judge Cook said: -.'¦¦ ...
"f ursderstatiH that your witness is
sti!i sick, Mr.; Byinuton?" :: ;;
"Mrs. Price is still sick: the two wit-'
twssvn I referred to yesterday are
sick."/ '¦•" .¦: ¦ :.;\.. ' ; ': : - : ,' .-Vv" "-- :':.
"We . consent with the defendant."
said Knight, "that the, appositions «>f
Mr«. Price , and Miss Llvernash be
read." : : . ¦ * '^¦'¦- ; .--v '¦/:'- •' : ' ; - .¦;/•.
HKFEXDAXT tXJXSl'LTKD.
V Judge <' OO K *>'*"*. ta^» n B no chahpips
on counsel and h*> turnwl ; to th»» vdo
fendant and asked h»*r;if sho: oohsentoc}.
•t«»:thi?.iir«ip^lure^-shM^n»iivfiyci v 'in; llie
ax!lrmatiy«\ and then/ the : testimony
the : two /• witness^: taken /at^th?,^ last
trial: was. read from the record.""
¦¦¦'Sii n». ? : W*; W; '':;. Ila rries i" was>- M r&£ Price
¦in.-;18»^:;a niSiyas % t htt;^iandiadyA:ofj :th&
;yictorU. c HuU*r/ln\-'July^lS98;'^hen;-Mbi/.
;Botk!ri^roomM principal
jiart of ..her. testimony. : related to" seeing
th^; defendant come : into ..the : hotel ; "on
the afternoon of July .31, between? the;
hours -.of ; 4..'ahd ¦ 5 o'clock. •. This -was
the day upon ; which it is> charged "Mrsl-
Botkin bought- the box of. candy from
Haas & SonVshpp whk-h she ischargoi
with poisoning subsequently and pend
ing to Mrs. Dunning. Mrs. Price stated
that the defendant had complained of
being ill that day and requested that
lunch and dinner be sent to her room.
She was much surprised to see that th-.
defendant had been out and remarked
about it at the time.. '¦>/..
Miss Llvernash J was a reporter in
1S98 and interviewed Mrs. Botkin in.
Healdsburg and Stockton before and
after her arrest for the murder 'of Mrs.
Dunning. Witness stated that 'Mrs.
Botkin had admitted her intimacy with
John P. Dunning and had given him
anything but a good character. -
HER VIEWS OX DUN'XIXG.
"He is a racetrack gambler and a
spendthrift," she is alleged to havo
fcaid. "He drank so hard that I was
compelled to support him and lie prac
tically~used up all the money I had."
After the arrest of Mrs. Botkin and
her arrival in this city the witness
claims to have Interviewed her, dur
ing the course of which conversation
the defendant expressed great joy over
the fact that Dunning's child had not
died from partaking of the poisoned
candy.
Joshua D. Deane, husband of one of
the murdered women, was recalled and
testified that on the night of August 9,
1898, when the poisoned candy was eat
en, his wife had not partaken of the
trout served at the evening meal arid
was not in the habit of eating fish at
all. This testimony was introduced to
refute a theory of the defense that
the death of the two women was due
to ptomaine poisoning from seating fish
on the night they were taken ill. When
Deane had been dismissed without
cross-examination Byington made the
announcement' that the prosecution
rested.
Before allowing^the prosecution to
close its case Judge Cook announced
that he would rule that the testimony
of Professor Price regarding his analy
ses«*of the candy obtained from Chief
of Police Lees was not admissible. He
based his ruling on the fact that too
groat a laps? of time had occurred
between the murders and the analyses
and that the death of Chief Lees had
precluded a proper identification of the
candy which was subjected to tests by
Professor Price.
Attorney Knight was unwilling to
proceed with the defense in the after
noon and on his motion an adjourn
ment wa3 taken until this morning., /
SHERIFF GUAKDS JURY.
Before adjournment Judge. Cook an
nounced that he . would continue his
order made the previous day commit
ting the Jury to the ;,- custody- -of the
Sheriff. Then he turned to., the' Jury
and- delivere " the following instruc
tions:
Now, gentlemen of the Jury, before adjourn
ing at this time, I wish again to admonish ycu
ft* to your duties and to state to you right
How that no juror should draw any conclusion,
cither for cr egalnfct either party In this action,
by reason of the court's action In ordering the
Jury Into custody for the remainder of this
trial. The law impose* upon the Judge of a
court a discretion which he may exercise at
any Urn* during the trial, either to allow the
Jury to separate at *ach adjournment or: to
keep them together. It is within the power of
the court to keep Jurors together from the time
a juror is sworn, until a jury is completed.
The law provides that at any time during 1 the
coarse of the trial that the Judge sees -fit to
exercls*? that discretion he can do so, either
cllow the Jury to separate on the adjournment
or to keep them together in the custody of a
sworn officer. In this case yesterday it was
stated; here In the presence of the jury the
court' wa« asked in. the presence of the jury,
if there was. any reason for Us action in mak
ing thl* order; the Judge stated at that time
of course there was a reason. The court Is
not In the habit of acting without some reason,
but you must not consider that reason to reflect
either 'on the. - i*>ople- or on th« - defense. The
court often hears matters that don't come. to
the ears of ' the Jury and such matters may
cause the court out of precaution to prerent
anything happening which ought not to hap
pen. ,
Am I said yesterday, nothing has come to th«
Prosecution and Defense Claim That; Present
Panel Is Entirely Acceptable 'and
Hearing Is Continued.
Mrs. Botkin Tells Judge Cook in Open Court
.That She Insists on Verdict From
Men Already Accepted.
ff-TP HERE can be no possible^grpiind for a reversal of a ver-^
V ; : 1 • diet of guilty in the Botkin case byfreason of the dcvel- ).
ppments occurring Tuesday; ; Whatever objection there could
be t6;Jthe panel from the stand point of the defense was waived .
by tiie:actibn bf the defendant in; expressly insisting bn a .cbn
tiiiuatiqe-pf the trial byVthe^jpreseht.jur^
: -LcWiiS=|fe^Bymgtpn.^'\;;^ : ; '-. ; • , '^ v V**;'"i
ACCEPTANCE ENTIRELY VOLUNTARY
H r T^llli accqitancc of tlic present jury in the trial of Mrs.
I Cordelia Botkin was entirely voluntary on the part of
tny client. I told her that I was a very Inisy man and that I
co\M not agfnin take nj> her defense immediately if the jury
was dismissed. She felt that on the showing made by "the
prosecution she was entitled to an acquittal tinder any condi
tions." — Georg-e A. Knight, Attorney for Defense.
THERE IS NO CAUSE FOR REVERSAlf
-«T NDEPENDENT of any influence or advice of my counsel^ I
,-i- demand a verdict from this jury."— Mrs; Cordelia Botkin. V
<^TPt^ey want to p^
,A jury in." — Superior Judge Carroll Cook.
Mrs. Botkih Insists on Verdict
JUDGE COOL ORDERS JURY TO BE BROUGHT INTO COURT
CONTRARY TO EXPECTATION JURY IN BOTKIN CASE WILL CONTINUE |
TO PASS UPON EVIDENCE PERTAINING TO THE CHARGE OF MURDERS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, ArRIL 1, 1901;
KEW..TORK." March 31.— The 5 International
Banking. Corporation announces an engagement
of 1250,000 gold for 'shipment ' to : the . Argentine
republic. jjKOTjMnP 1 " ' . " ' .^Jtti-
Concert Is . Heart! ' at Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art in, Conjunction
With Spring- Exhibition.'.
4
* ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦_ . _ ; _
ROOS BROS.
ANNOUNCE. _-.;'-... .
THE ARRIVAL OF THEIR
Spf insf Stock
' — — OF— — —
Girls' Mannish Coats
" For the Season of
AUNew and Handsome Styles
$6i00 to $15.00
KEARNY AT POST
ADVERTISEMENTS. "
Brave Women
Woman's d«?lirat« nerve organism sub-
jects them to t--o much Buffrrinfi: that H
is almost inconceivable* irow they nurtiatrc
to fulfill the \ - ariou« household an«4 av
cial duties, and y*-t they do — arid suffer..
It is b?caus»» thef nre brave.
As a rule they understand the nature
of their delicate orsanism. but o\'erlook
the wonderful Influence their nervous
system has ujKtn thoir general health.
They arc not Kufllclf-ntly impressed
with the fact that oil their ill* are di-
rectly lrocable to the nervous system.
That their periodical sufferings and
headaches are due to weakened nerves.
Div Miles' Nervine
Has been wonderfully successful in revi-
talizing the n«rvr-s and curing all cases
of nervous disorders and loss of vitality.
*Thout>siids of delicate.. women hav«
refrained their health and vigor by its
u^e. and the thoughtful- fortify them-
»ivcs by keeping their nervous system
etrong and vigorous by its use.
"From « thin, nervous wreck, miser-
«bl«' and- wretched. -I am now enjoyjng
splendid health, and It "is all traceable to
your splendid medlcin«. Dr. Miles' -R»>-
Ktnratlve Nen-ine." — MRS. MAUD B.
OPLINGER. Philadelphia. Pa. Money
back if first bottle fails to benefit,There are 85.000 prefessed converts
to Christianity in Korea. Schools "are
maintained by the native churches
and the hospitals established by the
missionaries care for 60,000 persons
each year.- -
SANTA CRUZ, March 31.— Right
Rev. Bishop Conaty has fixed ths
bounds of the new parish of Capitola
and Aptos of which Rev.' Father Hen
nessy will be pastor. The new parish
includes Aptos, Soquel. Capitola,-Leon
ard and De! Mar.. After Easter Father
Hennessy is to erect a church at Capi
tola. ,
Cn pi tola to Have a New Church.
again stopped in their work and the
defendants were arrested and brought
before Judge Knowles for contempt.
Judge Knowles let the parties go on
parole, pending a hearing before Judge
Beatty, wh,o was to arrive here about
two weeks, later to hear the contempt
matter. , •
The Marshal's return was read to
day, stating the facts as to the inspec
tors being, stopped on March 9, and
stating further - that after Judge
Knowles let the defendants go on pa
role they* had not interfered with the
inspection. The costs were taxed to the
defendants . and they were discharged
from past liabilities.
REDWOCtD CITY, March 31.—Pro
fessors of the State University will
j meet here with the farmers of this vi
j clnity to-morrow and discuss topics of
j -Interest to the fruit grower, dairyman
! and farmer generally." . .
Professors C W. Wood worth and F.
W. Maior will be in attendance and il
his health permits, also Professor Fow
ler.
Professor Wood worth will show a
way to save our liveoaks' which have
been th*" pride of this section since
their beauty was first noticed by Gov
ernor Portcla. Professor^,MaJor will
discu5s dairying in all its phases.
Questions of general Interest to the
farmer. In addition to the special sub
jects named, will be considered.
The making of salt and the reclaim
ing of salt marsh land will be treated
by those who have had practical ex
perience along these lines..
The meeting promises to be a well
attended and instructive one.
Topics of Intorfst to the Frnlt Grow
ers and Dairymen .Will Be Dls-.
cussed at Redwood Cjty.
UNIVERSITY PROFESSORS
T(> CONFER WITH FARMERS
BUTTE, Mont., March 31.— Late. this
afternoon Judge Beatty signed an. or
der for the "/discharge, of F.A^ Heinze,
J. • H. Trerise : arid Alfred Frank from
the contempt proceedings instituted
some time ago by the Butte and Bos
ton Company and argued at Helena be
fore the Idaho Judge when he.was sit
ting there on a • former occasion for
Judge Knuwles. -The defendants at the
Helena hearing were adjudged guilty
of contempt in stopping the - progress
of * inspectors who had been appointed
by the court to Inspect ' the workings
i 'of the Rarus and Johnstown claims
that ; were ¦: thought to lead into the
Michael Devltt, ,,whlch" was under in
junction. ¦ '- - ,
. Mr. Heinze was fined $20,000 and each
of the other defendants . was fined $500.
Collection : of the ¦ fine was. beld in*abey
ahceV with instructions that if .the (in-"
epection waf allowed to proceed, the
sums/ would /not have to be paid. The
decision -;,was^ appealed :,.fro'm,, and\the
Circuit Court of'Appeals' at San Fran
cisco affirmed i Judge, Beatty. • , :
/: About « March -»Uhe inspectors Were
Marshall Darrach of New York will
give a course of Shakespearean recitals
in Steinway.Hall. beginning April 4 and
closing April 16. The plays upon which
he will lecture are "The Tempest,"
"Hamlet" and "Macbeth." The lec
tures are to ' be given for the benefit
of the different charities of St. Luke's
Church. Tickets are on sale at Shef
mann & Clay'g music store.
Shakespearean ISecllals.
ST. LOUIS, March ' 31.— The ' bill of
exceptions to be filed by the counsel
for United States Senator ; Joseph R.
Burton "'of Kansas, who was last Mon
day convicted in the United 1 States
District Court of haying received com
pensation for using his influence be
fore, the Postoffice, Department in be
half of the Rialto Grain .and Securi
ties Company^ of St. - Louis.; has not !
heen completed. * Until it is completed
and submitted to the' Government * for
inspection and . perusal, sentence will
not be passed. upon Senator Burton/ i It
is considered probable that the bill will
be submitted to" United States District
Attorney ) Dyer to-morrow.
Colonel Dyer 1 said^to-day: •
"I do riot want : to! rush ,". this matter.
I will carefully go through. the bilHof
exceptions' and It "will /probably/i take
me until = Monday," for I understand ithe
document >iwill «be« yery,".VQlumlnous."£,~
{ii In the light of the disposition/of .Sen
ator •; Burton /to', waive his / Senatorial
prerogatives,, which render him immune
from>arrest during the sessi6n/.of ; Con-;
gress, it { Is. said i that *_ no time -will -.be
lost in taking the .case before the 'high
er court "on appeaL ,-. - N V •'-•;
Proceedings Against Heinze
and' Other/Montana Persons
Are Discharged by Judge
Counsel for /'the,. Convicted
Senator Are Still Working
on Bill of Exceptions
COURT CLOSES
CONTEMPT CASE
BURTON HOPES
FOR NEW TRIAL
I and Em'mett Hayden reported that H.
I T. Scott had- directed that theinvita
i tiong Fhall bear the words that the
! launching is to be under the auspices
i of the Native Sons.
j The following was adopted as the
I programme of exercises at the Wood
{ ward ' Pavilion., on the night of the
i launching: ; " ~^' :
¦ • Music; introductory remarks by Jo
seph R. Knowland; address on Skn
j Francisco,- Mayor Schmitz; on Califor
i nia,' Governor. Pardee; on the Native
I Sens, Grand President McNoble; on
; the navy, by an officer of the navy; on
j the .army. General ' MacArthur; ad
! dress by James D. Phelari; vocal se
j lections by a chorus of 200. voices;
j address on the Native/ Daughters,
I Grand President Fihkeldey, and the
i "Star-Spangled Banner," to be sung
j by a Na.tlve -Daughter.
¦ The vessel will be launched by Mr".
! Walter Martin, daughter of H. -T.
1 Scott, and one of the daughters of the
I Governor will christen the vessel.
" A committee was appointed to visit
j the officers of the Chamber of Com
j merce, Board of Trade and Merchants'
J Association with a view to have busi
i ness suspended April 28, the day of
the launching. }^\ ',':
! nection with the launching 'of th?
I cruiser California Messrs. J. P. Martin
1 The Proffranimc of Exercises in Ccle
"bration or tlic Kvcnt- Acceptctl
by the General Committee.-
At the meeting -held "Wednesday night
j by the Native- Sons' 'committee that will
! have charge qfthe ceremonies in con-
L.\UN'CHING Ol" .CUUISEU •
CALIFORNIA BY XATIVK SONS
MRS STELLA' KOHN". WHO IS-AC
¦ ri"5EI> ,OF EXTREME CRUELTT
BT tffcU HUSBAND.
. -.NAPA,- Marcrr.Sl.— Napa is .'experi
encin-g a- boom in? the construction of
large business" blocks and buildin-gs. On
one corner of Brow ft and First! streets
J. Migliavacca is preparing to erect a
.large structure, including quarters for
the". James. "'H.. Goodman &,Co.. Bank..
The building will contain several stores
and a* number- of. offices. On the oppo
se corner the Hartson estate is erect
ing a building for the fiew First Na
tional Bank. It \\11L be at the Califor-"
U/ia mission style. of. architecture] with
the" latest improved. 'fixtures and coin
and safe deposit •vaults. > I'o-day a con
tract- for the carpentering work was
awarded to E. W.' Doughty of Napa for
J224O. The interior fittings went to Cor
lett Brothers of Napa. The Diebold
Safe and Lock Company of San
cisco will furnish the doors and" elec
trical apparatus for the vaults. The
new bank will begin operations June 1.
George H. Snow has just 'decided to
erect a modern stable at Brown and
Clay streets. It will accommodate
fifty head ctf horses and 150 tons "of hay
and grain. D. S. Keyser.has installed
a novel means of fire protection. Pipes
will conduct water to the roof, where
other pipes will carry it clear across
the inner side of the roof. In case of
fire a series of sprinklers can be turned
on. thus deluging the Interior of the
building. The system is the Invention
of T. R. Parker of Napa. / f
Many' Business Block?. Containing the
• J^atesi improvements Are Being
•-.*. . Erected in That -City.
.VAPA IS . ENJOYING
. . A "BOOM IX BUILDING
year he "\vent to the theater with his
wife and that she left .him there and
drl not.rfturn home until 3 -o'clock the
f.ollo.wlng morning.. -. ' •
..•Kohn' is the only son of -P.hilip Kohn
Sr..' a- wealthy capitalist, qf San Fran
cisco.. The elder Koh'n was .one of the
heaviest losers by the Eprcinser failure.
The younger -K'ohn formerly was con
nected with the management . of the
California and Republic theaters in
.San Francisco. During his .theatrical
ventures' Kohn met the woman from
tsfuna he now seeks a legal separation.
At that time, she was a vaudeville act-
I'e'ss."- Koh'n-. is- reported to be worth
jiroo.ooo. . .. • . '¦'¦ :-.-' ¦¦••'•
s- The Kohn s have "a winter home 'at.
21<T Steiner* Street, San. Francisco, " as
t\-«?!I as a magriificent summer residence
r«ar- this "city. ; • -* '-••
Kohn alleges "that f of .the- last two
years 'his wife would leave -home, at
'.least twice each we«*.k at 4 o'clock" in
the •afternoon' and not rctwrn until the
-next* afternooft. She wotjld then re
fus.e 'to give H?rn an account of her
whereabouis. Kohn -further alleges that
In the .early pa.rt "Of February of this
. Tke .' rompfaint , alleges that - on one
¦oVcaEibn. "Kohn" rf.ceiyed a bla,ck ".eye
¦firrrrj "his wife.'a'n<i -that on various
othsr Occasions". *5H<? 'caused .him great
m'cntal" anguish fcy . upbraiding* and
ii buying him In the prescn'ce of others.
.Residents of Saus-ilit-o were witnesses
to a .scene- created .by'the" couple at -the
¦Pausalito deptft on or about- March 16
..of-this year. Mr?. Kohn had-b^en ab
>ent" from her Sa.n. Anselmo residence
Tar feveral' days. . Kohn was en' route*
: to"San Francisco and reached the de
pot Just as Mrs. K.ohn arrived frorri.tK*
"metropolis with her maid. Her; hus
band'tried" to -avoid her- and a. 'lively
game of "hide and seek*' followed. .The
husband ultimately 'eluded pursuit. ' '
rriafried-ir.' Pe'f..aluma March SO, l'8S7 : .
-'¦ -Kohn.- ahege? iff ..his complaint that
<iyrfnff".fh? last -two* v«ar? his. wife ha's
•r>* * only treated hjn with- fxtrcme'
c-ra.elty., ' but" has;- spent far more, than
ib'f princely "allowance !>?' made her
r-ach' month". ~ In- fa-t. Mrs. Kobn, - ••>'
(.o'sdif.g .to he'i- husband. ?ms -arcii'mu
ls\«d 'rf<*bt« 'amountiiVk- tn many _th'nu-
Fands: o.f viollarjs without :hi5 knowledge
"of consent.' '.•¦¦.¦ * ..."."
Sp*c!8.'".D:«r>«.tch to- The Call
••^SlxS*' RATAXU- March SI-.— -A divorce
*\>?'f-' : that • r:.\-n*.ises . to be one of the.
.m.cst"\ser;saiipnal'.ever' tried in -Marln
.{'"oirnty; was f.Jed.bere.'to-.day by Philip
Kohjv "£f., -throuch. hi? "attornpyVJarnes
•V.;-. : _i-'o{.hrahe. ' _Xnhr- asks.'for a legal
; \n from' his v.i.f>. Stella Kohn.
sflccing extreme cruelty -as the ground
.!\i-i>'tn? i . granting /of. a 'decree. Mrs.
K-obri '" is- & hand?om«? brunetto .about SO
.ysafg V>ld. Kohn.' .who is- m.ipy years
.b^r-'nenior. 'is one of the \vea!tkiest men
¦.:.n. Matin' <.'our-ty. -The couple were
Trustworthy information comes from
Washington, D. C, \6 the effect that
a place Jn the Cabinet will be. tendered
to Representative Victor' H. ¦ Metcalf.
In the event of success -in
the Presidential 'election next Novem
ber.'* In a recent conversation with a
prominent Californian the President
expressed the hope that the leading
men of the State would recommend
some eminent and available Republi
can for a~ place in the Cabinet.- .-.The
impression was. distinctly conveyed
that a man of the Metcalf type would
be acceptable. There is sure to be un
der President Roosevelt's second ad
ministration a hew man for Secretary
of the N'avy, as Mr. Moody cannot
much longer afford *io neglect impor
tant* business affairs to serve .the
country. It is "said also that the official
duties devolving upon the Postmaster
GeneraJ have so impaired zhe health
of Mr. Payne that his retirement from
the Cabinet is onjy a. question of time.
A suggestion that' Senator Perkins*
career as sailor boy, State Senator,
Governor of California' send United
States Senator might be brought. Ib a
pJorious finish" as Secretary of the Navy
did not evoke much applause at the
White House.. Commendation of Vic
tor H. Metcalf s public service and
special ability was* happily, received.
Theie is not the slightest doubt "as'
to Mr. Metcalf's high standing in the
estimation of t.he • President It Is
known to several* men that the Presi
dent would cordially welcome a.unani
mous request from leading Republicans
of "the Pacifir- Coast for* Mr. Metcalfs
promotion to Cabinet honors". . .
• John F. Swift would have been ap
pointed to the Cabinet under the Har
rison administration if the leading Re
publicans' of California and Oregon
could have Ijeen brought into line in
•his behalf. The active | men of -the
party on this coast' deemed It expedient
or right to commend M. M. Estee for
the -high place, but President Harrison
Was not able to concur in lheir.judg
ment. , The President, one evening after
dinner, at the White House, told Mr.*
Swift insrt many words that he -de
sired- to recognize the claims of Cali
fornia and would' welcome a Swift in
dorsement by the Legislature -'of 'the
State. The' Legislature subsequently
indorsed Mr. Estee and "the President
promptly named Mr. Swift -for United
State's Minister to Japan. "This •*asin
fulfillment of a premise made* to the
latter that if the California Legislature
did not indorse him for the Cabinet "he
would be named for the- mission to the
Orient. ' ?; V;
Suggestion That Perkins
Should Close Public Career
as Naval Secretary Not'Ap
plauded at White House
TIME TO RECOGNIZE •
THE GOLDEN STATE-
Congressman of the Third
Stands So High in Favor
of Administration He' .Is
Mentioned for Cabinet
PRESIDENT
ADMIRES
METCALF
PHILIP KOHN JR. FILES SUIT
FOR DIVORCE IN SAN RAFAEL
Alleges That During Past Two Years His Pretty
• Young Wife. Has Treated Him in a Cruel
• Manner and Also Caused Him Mental Anguish
The; san Francisco V^cAle;; 'Friday,; arril .1, 1904.
5
TUK PERFKCT CAN OPEX-
ER FREE TO' WANT ADVER-
TISERS IX XE.VT SI DAY'S
CALL. THE 'VPKRFECT. CAN
OPEX'ER*' is the latest and best
opener oh tlie market and, THE
CALL, in offering; ; its . wjui t ad-
vertisers an opportunity to-sc-
cure this up-to-date and most
useful household utensil without
cost, 'is - certainly doing them • a
service '.that) should .be appre-
ciated. -Be. sure -tp bring your
want nd- to THK|CALL. V^ Full
particularx of this i offer; appear
hi the • "Want Ad." \ columns of
to-day's CALX*. , ,
.^ ; is her nature to love
pare. . The .critical ordeal through which the- expectant mother must
pass, however, is so fraught/ with dread, pain, suffering, and danger,
that the iyery /thought ; of-; it' fills her with apprehension and horror.
There is no/ necessity for the reproduction/ of f life to be* cither painful .
or .dangerous.''; The use of Mother's Friend so prepares the system for
the coming event • that - it • «is safely' passed without any danger. This
great and . wonderful '¦;,;.'...
of x, women /through - .
the trying crisis without suffering. WF** -**m. S^-WV- mmt CT m
Send for fire book contAinlnK infomatioa ESmW fflf^P Mm SmOB SS^ma mm^M
of priceless v&lne to all expectant mothers. tt OS Bj mW MW K*^M ?¦•
TheBradfield RaoulattrCo H 'AtiafltiLG«. ' w ' '^^' /•
ADVERTISEMENTS.
;• . . ADVXETISEME2JTS. '" - *
GOOD
KKIFK
A high-pradp knffe. put togefh^r
to stand wear; lias two or three
bla<J<?s: a pood kntf"* for everyday
mttvtem.
RAZORS as '.r>w as Sl.(M). Worth
more. Will make you liberal allow-
ance for y>ur old liazor.
SCISSORS, from lirw* up. Rajtor
Straps. i£o« # and up.
Hail orders promptly filled.
IOO^SI^5O<t
eui»<ic»s »»»o poorr»^"y.*L caqds
THAT HAN PITTS
1008 Market Street
DIRECTORY
CF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
l dialogue and Price Lists toallel
on Application.
rBESK AND SALT KEATS.
Jkb. DUIcJ tt LU» Cl»y. Tel. Main ISM
OltS.
fcTJBRICATlXG OILS; LEONARD A. ELLIS.
41S Frcnt «t.. E. Y. Pbon* Main' 1719.
PKIITTIirO.
£• C DLGUlSi Ml fcajjiorce su. S. F.
r THE saiPOBlUTff^ '""' / "| -," ' " | / ;raE . EMPOTtrUK. *| THE EMPOBirXKL
? ¦¦¦',".. '¦/. _•¦*': I (Eastern Milling
I • " • ' j; : . Hatsi at $5.00, S7.50 and' $1 0.00— Beauiif til Copies of \ Imported Models
i Novelties . Cards \^¥ f jl * Egg Dyes, 3o Candles
% -kab'titV, ducki,. An imminie .iMrtment ± J^i^ Q mV^^§//^f\/ £ M £ Iff ¦ H«j ,Dy«. piab, Th= finest French mixed,
Stf chicken., egp»nd a thous- cf the daintiest E»t:r cirdj M # 4*^\^ M MMvW l^&^MjJb-^ co'crs and interesting ? 5 2,*nt** AW
-and 'and "one novel and we bare erer ««ri, ; of' the CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- V ' r :; *'' ' mmm~~ m ~~ t * ""• ' ci'turc effects, special StmOOm Ab3Oi '^ t '^
tf arr. U! :r. ? design, from ffO world'imo.: famoui'deiifn-' ¦ MUar**^^ F . « • ¦ pure, Irnh e «nr day from
%* toS^Cttth. tn, 2O to 23O «ch. • "•^^PI^^^^^^AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORC price, pacKag?. our own factcrtr.
I Easter QSovg Sale Th& Easter Veilings
jf Perrin's and Alexander's Sale of Drapes, 29c
% $1.50, $1.75 Gloves, 98c * Friday and Saturday
| . Friday and "Saturday/yt ur .choice of an assortment of Stylish. Chiffon Drape Veils, l J / 2 yards in length,
•I glovesof -.the;; best .fnanafacturers'in.^France, consisting;-' some with wide hemstitched borders, others with fancy
'.$ of iTe -Tin's two-clasp Pique kid Xiloves, with Paris cross ithcb > and }«f c ° r ™l . dots; ? . brown ' *??> n " JonaI ' *%*%-.
& - .¦ - - i_- ¥ : 'j j \ l 'it i- b'ack whit* and black and white combinations; the regular 50c V^^w^*
I point-:stitching,jnmodes,.reds, slate and black.
• j£ Aexancer's two-casp high-grade S*'-S° g'°y« ' n various colorings; and E. p or our Spring and Summer vei'ing stock we have made careful' selection
j; " Pfwnv i; Co.'? rcw perspiration proof goves, in browns, QO^» of daintily constructed patterns— fira patter w— no: the stringy kind, that 10
• modes and whites, rcgu'arly ' 5 1. 50 tbe pair; ail at .... mjOtjr SOO n get out of shapc^HH ftnds of patterns,, from delicate cobweb deiign to
I New lM^9^^^^T^^t^^^^W- the large open me^. with the eno^u,cheni!>dotK-^
ft* ¦ pear.- c «.sp, nandjomc y : embroi- * •izy', wnh- ¦¦c.asp :o match shade of Pattern Veils and Drape*, 5UC 9 /OC, qii, $1.25, $M.SU, 91.79
% ceieJ ba-cks, in /modes, pongeos, glove; P^ris pcin: $ti:ching on the Auto Vet's, each -. . . . .... .; . . . . . $f.5O* aa $2.OO
•fl? ¦.grays, white an.i'frack, ' back; b?avers,s!ates, modes, Tuxedo Vei ing, per yard . , . . ". 25c, 50c, 65c, 75o and up
¦J . p'.ir . . . . ."¦••..; .. -. $1.00 xvhit'c and fast black; °pair. : :5dC Ombre ChifFon Veiling, per yard ..,. ... . . . . 5Qc™*75o
l l '^iSBSfe'..| Me i* >f> *%***"*" I
"i IfetegiilS Easter Clothing ,j¥rrs,'*:ts'£
S bon; ¦ailncwcoor: ; n £ s,'«ch i 'as biue'. Men'sSuUs1or$10.0QVon^ . /^ ; - every one a -pretty combination,
S brown; r C d>and;\vh'tt; at ¦ / $5.OO - 'conroun-- tnese ,ims with the kind* you ' «s^M^ " worked on either ecru or white linen
I U a3 C Turbans- A be^u.^inean -e -e'sewhere tor this price. They are Ig& 23Q
ti the new Tuscan Vraws and paii ef- tota.v Q.fTeren: in the making, tnmming • . \^1 . ,,0 do«n Bulgamn and Pcrwn Turocrcr
J f'ecti; out price, each." . . ¦.', ..... and ft:, and win re:a;n their shape. Ten yjTiyV^::;./,- CoHars. cn sale the two days, each . . tOo
¦H ¦ ° " a S3m55'o$'15 GO ot-:he newest styles, a.l good, in p aids, W^^TTr^ ~: '' : Hanidrnade Lace and ChlfTan Stocks and
'5 : ru-,1 V "m?c;Lc'" h » " ~fn str'pes and" mixtures; also a spiendid j&wS^M'mMh^ Jaho:j-N'ew effecu .. >/.5O to S5.GO
i med with flowers bows of ribbon.; /¦ -or in aue and ;b>ck- h, jhc weight, JmtMiM
Bf in all the daint, shades worthy vourg you can wear the year round £fQ . »«m S P CCia/ Sale
1 IliiS^^ Men?s Hats%1.69
£ medw : th Velvet ribbcnaVdj-t and all = ; und ? r . C2O - O °. « tc P £ our.^17.50 suits, , j || " jW^^fes^F nutria -and pearls, , both bound .ud
t the nsw shades of-vioe: flowers «nd which are the equal ot any $20.00 suit I|. fjSffllf^&J^ raw edges; and men's Derby hats, in
$ *hzdedfo>c*-$5*OOio$f5iOO ln . town -' Compare these values and |j . b!acl and . brown, in the new Spring
V , _, ' r- • satisfy yoursc f. You can choose from •a.'Sj ll i; K«e ' blocks ;. the stvlcs and ouaities that ali
I ¦ P Ipsiipl '9M Si wm I H " M s r r
* fe «traw 5 , ,he n:. br,ai brim and ,ouWd ' { V'J* »" " eit " '^ " ? jf^Z ll W -1 f| f n/l££jlil ? - ' SI GS
*: £ilor effecs 5OC,75C,956,$1.5O S " C h f C " S > and Slue anl hlick &1& M \#fl lr T l If and SaturJay only &I.OU
% A particuarlv Jrg. a A,rent'*t F artic U - ' '^*»*™S»* • - M ** ! ,1;: i' r V ' U N ' * Boys' Sailor Halj— The wide brim,
I Men>s\Top Coats $10.00-Goo* \^nj coverts m Oxford %%%&£>%0&£^
J, P ' ' *.¦-*-¦¦ '< >¦- " ,grav and tan, weu tai.ored and fi;t;ng equal higher and Saturday only . . . ..... . . 3Q0
%: ¦' :. ' '_. ' • * grade coa*s ... 1 . . . '. . ' . . . ' .- . ... . . %£1GmO& ~
I t^«i^ Men's Finest Top Coats $25. OO- Fine materials, and mak- Easter Gloves,
J. VwUKaiBi. Sf^wGSuS ng" and tirjing- to com]?are with, made- to-order ccats that, cost deub'e. #1/1 SllirfS f£f5Cf(Wf*m*
*" Child"" en'S HOSe Hand-made throughout, rrid will baid 'their » hape while in strv.ee. . . .&4SO.QJU ,? M "
t* ' - . Wuu j c ' •" > Boys'Russian^Suils $3.50— Vei 7 dressy for the lads 2 i'2 to 6 years. The quality .- f O#* fffeif .
i Ladies Swiss Rlbbcd : Egyptian -Cotton n(Uch fcettcr tnan , hc srna u pr : C e would indicate. .Made from all-wool Dent's, .Foxvne's and Perrin's Glove.
% * .Vcs!s-.-L0W neck; no Sleeves; plain • c - o ih s in navy, red, lieht-and medium shades of grs>, trimmed with gilt *^ o _ -_ , jn the new Spring shades, pair . .
ti and. Substantially finished and : and ha've leather h^ts. A ip'.endid Easter bargain at. ..*. .&&.OU '. $1 .50 **& $1.8$
$ -trimmed;- excellent/ 25C «ff-j Boys' Sailor Suits .53.95-Made from the serviceable msteriil . . ...'^2.95 Manhattan Shirb-The new effecti for Spring
*' for -Friday. Only ••¦*' ***^ new wool crash, in »rfades of gray anl brown Boys' Spring ¦ Refers for $5.00— Pstrr in stripes, checks, ioW grays and new gua-
*, ;•' . . '',''"»¦' i- i'w''' V "overplaidi. Cjllarandoshieli trimmed w th Thompson snle, "ttimmid with gilt buttons mr:al effecrj, the finest shim made . . . .,;
* Children S J.aCC LlSlC HoSe — Imported / ,:jk braid*and embro : dery. : -Very ; drltsy - and embroid-red emblem jn left *le:v, choke . .'v. . .$f."5G, S2.OO, S2.5O
£ 'Hermsdor.f/- black ;, three -. ver'v .suit for thVbbyi 13 to 10 years.. *'3»Oo»;' of fine blue cheviot and new Scotch effect; Ea.\ter Neckwear The hew Spriaz ihades
:X pretty all-OVer ->i'esighi>; USUal F oys'?.PicfeSu:t» for $2-95 -Nobby double thVproperWattobt over the siilor and Rus- an j shayei, incuiinz the EngSili squar-»
¦i- "rvSOc* ?hOSe -S|/{fS'^Sl*Or8.5^'Vs"rie'- /r^brea.ted.jacket f U :r«, -f^.boj-t 9t. 16 yean, - ' *ianwit, and c^nA toany we knowcf^Tns lour-in-hanis; Imperials, tecks and pufti . .*
- -. ,C ,^.-.' c^. ,>---. : 4:.-' , ¦"' l - y *:< "/the. trousers' have loop* 'tor belt; good for /6.50; Eastsr fries here-. . $5.OU . .' . , • SfJr- and <1 fti
J cial for Friday •only,;;^JoW' " ' - ¦-•¦*•¦ * . • ••- • • • ¦ • *>uc*rus. &m.uu
»' Di'ir" ' : ' • • % ' "' ; ¦ " *£>&G ... „.. . .-,..-.:..;. ,- : :~, •.--.. :,,-.-. - ¦¦ ......-.•..••.:.. . . P-jimas— In fine Madras, Oxford* and pon-
t; Childrtn's Imports O> ton Hoie- RtalMaco . . WVOJffl Git .$ GO&tSy wfflc§B§¥$ "a.f flose - TrnMrred *mlc th,reaa* in fancy
h 1x1 ribbfd; colors white, p"nk, sky, rei and " :m^ m \d.-' M' ' m B eS* B * * w =»"cs, dark Oxfords and gaaxe lisle, pa'r .
I tan; s z« 5 to 9 r,'; F air ' . 2 5o SiiitS SkitH &pGG!f &c3if® 2oC, 5Gc, 7 So
1 1|1§§|1 WSIM $5 Silk Drop Skirts, $3.95 fS^S^M^
V Children's Pure Silk Hose -Imported, m J8. 50 Coats $6.75— Another large quantity of the neat serviceabe coats, that _ "
* . ribbed; colon- pink/ white;^iVy, rca and have tound such rca d y sa'c, has just arrived.- ' jSty'c as 'in picture— a well- -£ ** *h B
% <£ T J* a ~''-'-GOn>.S\z~- ' ¦ /?^ -- • taiored jacket, of either, black or biue cheviots, or fcSZStt&F %»2mG
I S!zt.6« a '.-: .80c **¦- *H:--$t.OO Ncw VashWofsls 9Sc-2b dozen only, fine colored Choicest Creamery Butter— (W c
if Ladies* lice Lisle- Hoe- Fast black, Iri a fesZx^N '. ' ' Madras wa*h waists; in-dainty stripes o: b'ue and never offer any but the best at our
Jj - great vari-ty of ne* design,;, fine _ . - ' . white" and pink and white; <u!l seeves, adjustable special sales) to-day and to- O^TW
i ¦•y^P*ir.... : -., ........ . •/<¦¦ VnSV^X • stocks; goocj" Si. 2 J values . . ... ... 95c m ° TT ° W ' -^ *** SqU "" ' * * G
S Q v -_ n{F J - J A- ift , // \.'\ * \V-¥\- New Alpaca Suits, $17.50-New arrivals just from the Potato Flour-For Jewish holiday
( * £»a#e ow Lames t nv^Y^X^te^Eu^ cooking, package . .... . 10c
\\ HOSe Supporters y \ : J jjL \ jil^J made w5th Eton J acI^ ct an<i fuil flirc n > lhz u ' ua ' Oranges— B=j: Washington, navels,
\% V000 pairs ladies' and .: misses' ' : :^]T ))/Z T" value, here for ...-....; . $17.50 doz:n - • ;• • 20o
>¦$ • frilled elastic side hose support- v 7\ I- Jf Swell New Easter Svits, $35.00— M«k of cxce'Ient^ ..quality of Port, Sherry or Angelica — Extra
I* - ers, with non-elastic ends, but- 1 \£ k J'\r/7 new P-namac.oth, in shades of .tan, bus, black and brown, S 1 -5° wines, per gallon . .$1.05
! £¦ ton fasteners and pin tops; colors ¦^^O'''' • copies of an imported model from a famous French women's Sautcrne, Deislinfl or Burgvndy —
¦ *? ' black, r^.d, pink and. light blue; W^mlCt^/ " . tailoring estab'i'hment; a suit we do notbeieveyoucandupi- Choice dinner wines, gallon . S2c
\x ori special sale to-day \ •fg% 0^ : ' :- - cate elsewhere under $4 5. 00; Emporium price, $35.00 Maryland Pure Rye or Bovrbon —
I pair', - - ...... WC : The s^ clal gale S ilk Drop Skirts ¦
j HovdtyUa^rBclU.Crujh leather , oo „„.,•- 6lAjaStu Siik Drop Sii,,,. made .a.l ,nd >on g . wi,h ,hc gt "fiSSS^aS? iiSj
S b"ack"or white eich.' 50C I ¦'"¦"••^P-J! fek?^r ¦»¦". b=»o.i(uny.fioun«d : and w«li^mac! e . ehhe.- pabj , „„„ „ j^,, NvIrtoe _ Doz .
» DMCK or .Willie, cauu . . , ; , w .; th or w j t h 3 ut waist band',, and therefore ready for immediate ad- gf* g^ mm . <2 9K
%-. Back LiSirty Sniri Girdle fldts . . Sf.OD iustment to any skirt: skirts that we sell regularly and readily tor $; %f \P "" " t>* ** '^**
X Pieat:d Sat rf Ribbon B:Its.,. .' . . .7SC ." =ach, to-day (and Saturday also if quantity la: ts). only . . . . \. . . " J. P. Cutter Whisky— Bottle, 70oVANCOCVER,. B. C. March. 31.— The Do
minion customs, revenue returns for : the; nine
months 'ending -to-day- are ?30.1t3,2C3. "com
pared vrith J2»J. 705,229 for the nim time last
year, an Increase of |3.-IS0.03 1. . .
Whllace Beats Smith at Tennis.
The semi-flnal match of the Lowell
High School championship tennis
tournament between Bradley Wallace
and- Sidney; Smith yesterday was in
teresting from start to finish.' Wal
lace won in straight sets, but both of
them were close.' The 'score .was 7-5,
6-4.- Thef final .match '* will be played
this morning and the challenge match
this afternoon." ' -
Hugo Kelly Beats 3IcKcever.
INDIANAPOLIS,, March . 31.-rHugo
Kelly defeated Charley McKeeyer. to
night at the Auditorium: Polo Rink in
ten rounds. . ' -
VAN'COUVER.'B. C. March 31.— There la a
Kovcmcnt on (not for the removal of the duty
on soft: coal Imported from the United States.
The duty U 53 cents a ton.' ' Railway compa
nies and :- manufacturers ; are in favor of the
duty being removed. - - .. -•'•'• '
Late Shipping: Intelligence.
ARRIVED. -.
Thursday. March 31.
" Stmr Asuncion, Brldrett, '~ hour* from R»
donrio. ' * ' -. " KMBBM
Schr C T Hill. HlcW«.' 7 days from ; THla
mook. ¦' ¦-.' • - . '¦ • -;•-. ¦ ..
Schr Sehomc. ' Matlson. 10 days from Everett.
DOMESTIC POHTS
ABERDEEN— Sailed March ' 31— Sehr - Chaa
R ¦ WUion/ for Redondo.' - -
-. TATOOSH— Passed outward March (H—e^hr
WUllam - Rentoo. from • Fairhaven, ¦ (or - Saa
Francisco. • . - ¦ . ¦ i _ r -
Cardoza was pureer.'of ',the» steamer
State of California and jit is alleged
that he has-been" in "the habit i)f ¦ giv
ing ' passengers from;. way ports old
tickets . and - pocketing; the .money.'. It
is said that'he had .used abbuU200 of
these tickets. ; j *' ;,
The ' : fraud was discovered when a
passenger whose baggage, had r - been
lost called at the company's office and
it was found that a regular ticket had
not been issued to him, and his name
was not on the passenger list/ Car
doza has left the clty.y-";, : >f s ?:'*|>
, J. D. lAmos of .the-' Pacific. Coast
Steamship Company. 10 Market' street,
secured a warrant from t Police 'Judge
Caban Iss 'yesterday -for -the! arrest of
J. T. Cardoza on a charge * of felony
embezzlement. .The amount alleged in
the' complaint Is $12^;95.«but it is
said that the total amount embezzled
will reach J5000. ,;-'"";. V '
Warrant Issued for Arrest of J. T. Car
doza of the Steamer; State^of . •
California. \ •;"
F. E. Sawyer, Publfc Administrator
of Marin County, yesterday withdrew
his petition for. letters of administra
tion upon ' the estate of the' late
Charles O. Perry of the Columbian
Bank. His petition was filed in op
position to that of Public Administra
tor. Hynes of this city. ( Hynes' petition
was. granted yesterday by Judge Mu
rasky. .....
Withdraws in Favor of Hj-nes.
PURSER. CHARGED WITH.v:
FELONY EMBEZZLEMENT
BERKELEY. March 31. — Two
young people" of West Berkeley,- who
were supposed to be brother and sis
ter, were quietly married in San.Fran
cisco -last Monday. The couple "re
sembled ; each otlier -so closely and
were so attentive when together that
the neighbors were very sure they
were brother and sister and no ¦ pains
were taken by ¦. either, of • the parties
to disabuse; their- neighbors' minds*. of
the mistake. The parties to this
unique, romance are Miss Lola Finch
and : Lloyd Casey. " V
Since the marriage the couple have
been quietly/living at the:home.of the
bride' and Vnjoylng the surprise of
th eir~ friends. -" •*" v
West Berkcleyans Furnish Surprise by
the Announcement That They
Are Man ahd Wife.
SUPPOSED BROTHER AND .
, : '• ; ' SISTER ARE WEDDED
OAKLAND, March 31.— Horace W.
Houldlng.Va missionary from • China,
will conduct an all-day /meeting to
morrow (Friday) at . Unions Street'
Presbyterian Church. . . '. . ; r
Missionary Meeting.
v Little work was done at Billy
Woods' training quarters yesterday.
The colored lad's manager instructed
him to cut out the work for the after
noon. ¦' He did not want to take any
chances. 6f his fighter, going stale.
Woods is* in great "fettle for the com
bat Tuesday night at Colma.
Mike Schreck, . the sturdy Chicago
boxer, was up bright and early yes
terday and after thawing out with his
trainer he donned his road clothes
and covered nine miles down the
ocean beach on a run. He came in
from the run dripping, with perspira
tion and after getting a good rubdown
he was ready for his noon -meal.
Schreck had a big crowd of visitors
out at his gymnasium at Sheehan's In
the afternoon and he put in fully an
hour at bag punching, rope skipping,
wrestling, dumb bell work and box
ing.
Schreck and Woods Training.
Before releasing the 'men." Agent
Hazen took their Bertlllon- measure
ments and their : photographs for pos
sible use in the future. The prisoners
declared they did not think they were
doing : anything wrong : in "beating"
what they. deemed gambling machines,
but -they promised- they would not
make any more half. coins.
Eugene Franklin and -James G.
Cleghorn were released from custody
yesterday by United States Secret
Service Agent George W.Hazen, after
a severe reprimand. They were ar
rested in Vallejo oh Wednesday with a
small quantity of counterfeit quarter
dollars and nickels which they had
been using to defraud.^ nickel-ln-the
slot machines. The counterfeits were
very' clumsily molded, and the . im
pression was only on one side of the
coins,- the other side being blank. They
would not deceive any one, and, under
a decision by United States District
Judge.de Haven rendered about a
year ago/ it would not' be possible to
secure a.~ conviction in such : a case.
Secret Service Agent llnzen Releases
Vallejo Men Who Hatl Been Gam
bling on Sure Basis.
HALF COINS MADE TO
BE^\T " SIX)T " atACHINKS
At _-the International
Exposition .'in'. St. Louis' It will be
demonstrated to the world at large that
the public schools of this municipality,
since their inception by Thomas Doug
las t>n 'April 3, 1848, have kept pace with
the development found' in older com
munities". For three days "t"he 'school
exhibit -designed for exhibition pur-'
poses at -the ; St. Louis Fair has been
on display in the. drawing-rooms of/the
Lincoln School on Fifth street. .-.'
During the three days that the pub
'lic has been permlttefl'to view the ex
hibit ' many thousand people have
availed themselves of the opportunity.
The - entire exhibit has been packed
and will be forwarded immediately . to
St.. Louis for .installation in the space
allotted to California. . A. A. Macurda,
Deputy Superintendent of Schools, has
been- in ; charge of the exhibit, 'but it
has not been definitely settled whether
he will go to the exposition city. ¦
The work of the pupils of the Chinese
School" is deserving of commendation,
and the colored - "Spontaneous^ Story
.Drawings," in .which are pictured the
-impressions of -the "juvenile followers
of Confucius," of events in dally life,
form one of the ! attractions.
The products of the manual train-
Ing course by boys of the seventh and
eighth grades occupy a prominent place
and* the drawings and. musio by the
girls of the Jean Parker School are
well displayed ' It "is | the work of the
little tots, however/ that arouses the
most interest,' as every one of" the
papers, from the" crude colored crayon
sketch of " the - six-year-old j to the more
.finished water, color of the older chil
dren, represents much patient effort and
careful preparation. The oral school for
deaf children also has at display, \ and.
• the 'twenty-four;; children have made a
creditable showing.'; The exhibit of 'the
hig:h schools is also strong. ( i
Prominent Place.
To'-Day' t Where It Will Occupy
Display Will. Be .Shipped to St. Louis
MANY' . THOUSAND PEOPLE " '
-.: 'i£^ . . VIEW i SCHOOL EXHIBIT
OAKLAND,' March " 31.— Hiram T.
-Pierce, a horse owner with" a string at
the Emeryville _^track, was i quietly
married in the private office of the
County Clerk here this : afternoon to
Miss "Lillian Waite. - The ceremony
was performed'by J^Ustice'Orthe Peace
W. R. Geary. • . '. ,l^i/r^-
Horseman Weds.
- ALAMEDA, March 31.— -Fortune
tellers, "' clairvoyants, astrologers \ and
mediums who charge for telling what
Is to happen will in the -future ha,ve
to pay a license tax Into the city treas-'
ury for the privilege of doing business
with Alamedans at home.
. The City Trustees in revising the -lo T
cal license ordinance have Inserted a
section in it that will require all seers
to hereafter pay a license tax of $10
per quarter. The ordinance as re
vised will come up .for passage .at the
meeting of the municipal legislators
next Monday night. ,. ;
Will Require Those Who Unravel the
. Future to Pay a License of.
$10 a Quarter. -. •
. BERKELEY, March 51.— Durant
Lodge of Masons is about to build a
home of -.its own. " The lodge has. ac
cepted plans for a three'-story struc
ture, and the wort upon- the founda
tions will begin just as soon as the
contract is let." The plans for a
biiildinsr to cost $50,000.' It will adorn
the site at 'the northeast .corner of
Shattuck avenue and Bancroft way,
the lofbeing 75x105 feet. - - *.
The first floor will contain four spa~.
cious sto'res that .will be rented for
commercial purposes. Beneath them
will be a basement that will occupy
the full space within the walls of : the
foundation. Upon the second and
third floors will be lodge and meeting-,
rooms. that "will be used not only by
the Masons, but by other lodges as
tenants. .The main lodgeroom veil! be
42x62 feet, finished in oak. A kitchen
and banquet-room will, be attached,"
the latter sufficiently large *to accom
modate'300 people. Among the other
features" will be a ladies' parlor, smok
ing-room • and 'concert-room. Brick
and terra -cotta will be the materials
used for the 'main structure.
Dii rant IxkIsc of Berkeley Adopts
.Plans for a Substantial Structure
on Main Streets. .
ALAMEDA PLANS. TO TAX
SEERS AND PROPHETS
MASONS ARE TO BUILD '
A THREE-STORY -TEMPLE
Will Eivci Ofliee Building.
BERKELEY, March 31.— Dr. Ros
coe Logan of San Francisco *w.il I erect
» modern four-story office block in
Berkeley on. the site adjoining the
Fink block on Genter' street; The
lower floor will be devoted -to stores
and th«» other jthree wfll be fitted up
for office suites. The estimated cost
is 150,000. Work of construction will
commence in two months. •*¦ y&'-s
Commissioners Start East.
OAKLAND, March 31. — W. H. Weil
bye, Alameda County World's .Fair
Commissioner", left this evening for
St. Louis, accompanied by Webb N.
Pearce. custodian of .the Alameda
County exhibit. . As soon as they reach
SL Louis they will commence the in
stallation of the exhibit, the last ship
ment of _ which was sent last Tuesday.
IJootli-Turker Will Speak.
OAKLAND^ March 31. — Commander
Booth-Tucker of the Salvation Army
will address two meetings Sunday at
the Macdonough Theater. "Mys
terious Billy" Smith, the former prize
fighter, but now in the ranks of the
blood and flre fighters, accompanies
the commander.
Doctor Arrested.
OAKLAND. March 31. — Dr. J. W.
Gerow was arrested thi« afternoon on
complaint of Dr. S. H. Buteau, a mem
ber of the State Board of Medical Ex
aminers, «nd charged with practicing
medicine without a license.
The operi' season for trout fisjliing
commences to-day ahd will continue
until* next November".. Owing to" the
recent heavy rains ¦ the • streams
throughout the coast are all high and
muddy and the small afmy of' anglers
•which will be afield to-day and to
morrow will have but poor sport, ac
cording to all the "experts.
Among the well-kno'wn members of
the -angling fraternity who will be on
the famous Paper. Mill Creek to-day
are T. C. Kierulff, T. Rothschild, J. B.
Kenniff, C. R. Kenniff; "Doc" Watt,
Frank Dolliver, C. Clinton, W. Hal
stead, J. Halstead, W. A. Miller, John
Butler, John Benn. R._Isenbruck, Bert
Spring, Charles Breitenstein, Sam
Wells. R. Eaton. L. Rondeau, W. W.
Richards, E. A. Mocker, E. A. Lovett,
A.' Banker and W.C. Kittle;
There will be no fly fishing for some
time. Tha favorite lure to-day will be
the angle worms and salmon roe.
Many- Well-KjnowH Sportsmen Will
\Visijt I»ai>er; Mill Creek To- Day
to Wot 'a. Line. . •'
TROUT SEASON'S- -OPENING ; : : - ;
FINDS THE ANGLERS READY
OAKLAND, March /51. — The fol
lowing marriage licenses were- issued
by the County Clerk t : o-day: Hiram
T. • Pieroe, over- 21*. and
Lillian W^iite, over 18, Qakland^-Man
uel R.- Thomas, 30, and FHrrfena C.
Serpa, "40, both of. San Francisco ;-
Guilford P. Bray, 20, and Lillian
Wolff, 17', both of*Alameda; John A.
Bettencourt, "5, and Mary G. .Lucas',
19, both of Mission San Jose; August
J. Silveira, 29.. and Lena Pimental,"
over- 18, both ' of Oakland-; Joseph
.Czolkowski. 19. and Anna Leberer, 18,
both of Oakland. " ;^ ; .fv: v
3IarriaKC Licenses.
-. "Das Opferlamm" will be produced
in San Francisco on Easter Sunday
night .at the Columbia Theater by the
same "company.
Those who took part in the produc
tion this evenings-re Theodore Skiing,
Joharine Strauss, Emilie Kohler, Rich
ard Lenz, Carl Meier, Adolph Schu
bert. Miss Josephine Schwerin, .Miss
Martha Plumhoff, Mrss Lotta
Schwerin,^ Edward Horwinski, Albert
Kohler, Max Horwinski- Jr.. Miss
Freida Shanley, Miss Josephine Lafon
taine Neckhaus and Franz von Berke
feldu . .. .:"•:¦ "
* OAKLAND,. March 31.— The Ger
man play, "Das Opferlamm," by Oscar
Walter and Leo Stein,- was presented
at the Macdonough Theater this even
ing by the Alameda Lustspiel En
semble, an a'mateur theatrical organi
zation of clever artists selected from
among the German-speaking residents
of Alameda. "Das Opferlamm" (The
•Sacrifice) is a comedy; in three acts
and -a prologue. .' •'•;..-. .
The proceeds of the performance
will t>e devoted to- the Rest Home of
the- Young Women's- Christian Asso
ciation, of Oakland, .w.hich is located
at Camp Meeker. ¦ .
German Play Produced by the Lut
spiel .Ensemble for. Benefit of
Rest Home. . •
. The committee In charge r»f the military ball
to be given In Harmon Gymnasium on Friday
evening. April 8. has- begun tp P lan tor the
decoration! 1 of the gymnasium.'' The scheme is
elaborate and calls for th* use. of a large
number of flags, yards and yards of bunting
and piles of green. The commissioned .officers
of the cadet regiment will appear In uniform.
The general staff of the National' Guard of
California will be Invited to attend. .
The executive committee of the Associated
Students decided last night to set Friday
morning. April S. as the day for holding thi
semi-annual meeting of the Associated Stu
dents. Repo'rts from the various officers will
then be heard and also the report of the com
mittee appointed at the last meeting to Inves
tigate the "honor 'system with the view of
adopting it for the university. Nominations
for officers for the next term will be made.
Arthur W. Gray, the present holder. of tho
Whiting fellowship of th» university in phys
ics at th« University of R<rlfn. recently com
pleted a very creditable and scholarly paper on
the production of ozone by silent electrical dis
charges The paper 'was presented last month
by Professor Warburg- or Berlin before the
Royal Prussian Academy of Sciences, where It
was enthusiastically commended. ' : •
"The Crucifixion," in the' German language,
has been- accepted- by Baron von Berger. The
author of the play and translation is Elmer B.
Harris a graduate of the 'Oakland High
School' and a member of the class of '99.
The juniors have decided upon April 9 as
the day for their excursion on the bay. They
have engaged a et^amer that will carry 200
passengers, and all the points upon the bay
will be visited.
BERKELEY. March '31.— Instructions that
have just come" 'from England announce that
the qualifying examinations for the Rhodes
scholarship will be held on three day?., begin
ning Wednesday. April j 13. The examinations
will be given at 10. o'clock. and 2 o'clock on
these three days. In seminary room R. In ihe
library. There will be five, examinations In
all, as follows, the order' yet to' be arranged :
Arithmetic, alsebra or geometry.; Greek ahd
Latin grammar; translation from English Into-
Latin prose; Greek and Latin authors. Tim
maximum time for each examination is two
hours.
UNIVERSITY^EVBNTS
Lester S.' Melstead, a •teacher of
stenography- and ' typewriting in the
evening school department, was trans
ferred from the Lincoln : Evening
School ¦' to o" the Hamilton Evening
School, new class, to take effect April
4, 1904-.
H. C Kagr>t of the manual training
department of the grammar ' schools
was transferred to -the Polytechnic
High School, vice "W. L." Davidson,
transferred to 'the' manual training de
partment of the grammar schools, .to
take effect April 4,. 1904. ; ,V
" Special workr-Jamea.l>amaaonIa;. Italian; L.
.P. Zecchi, Italian;' F. .Pnduveri, Greek; R. ¦ F.
Douglas, colored; T- C. -Meddvlch, Slavonian
land other foreign. * • . ¦;:;;_-
¦ Nat li Peoples; B. S- Isaacs, C. A. Hult,
Thomas 'GlUman, P. Hlnes, John Hogan, Jack
•Welsh, J. A.'. Carroll, Arnold Bovee, : James.
Dewey, "Herbpft Armstrong, Joseph Gilligan,
I).- .C McGahney, .Albert Oarmea. " George
¦Wel8h,"--J.bhn Breen.'D:.' GV Carcass, Charles- N.
Otten.'.- P. Dolnian; Henry Power. M. Grady,
F.-. J'i .Th'omppon,- Joseph' Grant. Meyer Bloom.
George- S. -Grant; ¦ M: 15. Nergcn,. . A. '.Branch,
Samuel T. Cohlihan, T.. W. Prather, E. W.
Hutchinso'n,. E.' J."Curra'n,-T.- Murnanre, J. J.
Wilifnsoh, J. Baker, J. ;.- ScWedeler, • J. J.-
Feeley. C. O. Burbon-,. Samuel Seymore." Her
bert Wise, 'J. Wehle-, J. Gans, Frank Whitney,
Phil- Garrlty, William R. Nixon, John Peters,
; Gug Vldrau, \Valter Pllklngton. J. J. Suffern,
James Rossrter", Charleti-.A- Wolff, E. D. Sul
livan and Samuel Brunswidc. . ' • •
¦ Christine Hi' L,a Barraque, a teacher
in the Lincoln' Evening School, bjvjis
granted a leave of • sibsence from April;
5, 1904, to the*beginmng./o.f the fall'
term, 1904. o-,' y
¦MrsJtMI^Thomas,' ' probationary
teach'e^*Tih?tfie't department, was trans-"
fenced froiiri -^ the >• Lafayette Primary
Schooljto the Spring! Valley Grammar
School, third grade, /vice: Mrs.' L. Gil
lespie, transferred.
The following named-were appoint
ed to act as Census marshals to assist
the . Chief Census Marshal in taking
theschoolcensus'of the city and coun
ty of. .San FraJiciseo for this year:
The regular meeting of the Board
qf Education was held yesterday; aft
ernoon. President Roncovieri stated
that the complaint' of Deputy Health
Officer Louis Levy relative to the.un
sanitary.; condition . of the Pacific
Heights School had been'acted on. E.
N." Mabrey of Oakland filed his appli
cation ;with references for the position
of principal of the Girls' High School.
Fifty-Seven .Assistants to the Chief
' Census Marshal' Are Appointed to '
,. Secure Necessary Data. '
'?DAS OPFERIiA3I3I" IS : -&
AT THE 3L\CDONOCGH
CENSUS ..MARSHALS NAMED: ,
¦BY BOARD OF EDUCATION
Promptly at 3 p. m.- yesterday the
official bouncer closed the doors to; the
general public and -stood; guard until
all the clerks had completed 'their
work and retired .from the building,
which was a little after 4 o'clock. The
new rule allows the clerks art-oppor
tunity-, of finishing up their work at
the close of the. day's business .without
interruption. '¦'... • ' .'-.
; . There was" joy 'ih;the custom -house
yesterday afternoon upon . : the receipt
of a telegram from .R.'B.. Armstrong,
•Assistant- Secretary of the Treasury,
announcing a modification of the rule'
put into force a few weeks ago to the
effect' : that -. the custom-house should
be kept open until 4:30 p. A m. every
day, excepting Sundays and holidays.
Customs employes contended-. that .no
good could be accomplished by
ing open after the banks 'closed arid
that. in New York and other Eastern,
ports, by virtue of a State law making
Satjirday a half holiday, the custo'm
hp'UBB^was closed at noon.: -"Mr. Arrh-
BtrojfgVs ' telegram | announced that
hereafter no entries would' be received
af ter.-jS ,• p. ; m. .'on' any ; dayr r except, for
corpses, "' animals or v other; erriergericy
cases:' ' % **— -—¦;'¦'¦ - % " r '.-** ?r *-? J . '• ..
• ** ;¦ f. ".• _. ...
Assistant Secretary Armstrong Modi
:• lies Keccnt" Rule \\lilch Extended
' *\ tlie Hours^- of "Business.
CUSTOMS OFFICIALS ARE
. . 3LADE "ilAPPY AGAIX
A minstrel and vaudeville fchow for the bene-'
.fit. of St;' -Anthony's pRrUh 'will he 'Riven en
Saturday: evening. April Ifl," In St. -Anthony's
Hall 'In East -Oakland. The programme' is an"
elaborate one, ..-and' Is , under the- direction .- of
¦Alex J. Rosbtjrough and Joseph 1 Rosborough.
It Includes several selections' by the - Elks
.'Quartet, .a chorus of twenty-five. 'boys' voices
and • a farce'. 'entitled "The Hllent System."
Among those' who will take part In the per
formance are Milton .Schwartz,- Alex .RoBbor
ough. Teddy Rust, Fred O^Connell and J. Ros
borougb. • ¦• '. • ¦ * ' . .
The members of . Oakland Alliance No. 5,
St. Patrick's Alliance of America, are pre
paring, for their annual ball,- the arrangements
being ill charee i>f James CoaMey, Thomas
Hynep;- T. J. Desmond,' James- Corley and Nell
Carey. . r .-..'.• '.'
' The young ladies who will assist are: Miss
Kathleen Lynch, Miss Mary Hogan, Miss Ida
Klink. Miss Grace Selby, Miss Virginia Tyr
rel. Miss May Feneran, Mips Kathryn Kirk,
Miss Eva Slavich. Miss Evelyn Kelly Miss
May Hogan. Miss 'Stella Slavich, Miss Ethel
McManus. Miss Hazel Hocan. Miss Agnes
Lyons, MIfs May Fogarty. Miss Tina Mac
donald. Miss Mollie Harrington, MIbs Mao-
Short. Miss Elena Scherzer and Miss Rose
Hallahan. .
The reception committee includes Miss Mary
Carr. Mr?. O.. C. Kirk, Mrs/ Hugh . Hogan Mru
T. P. Hogan, Mrs. J. F. Kelly, Miss Catherine
Maher, Mrs. ' Jennie Jordarr. . . Mfftv Hamilton
Colcman, Miss Man' Gannon. Mrs'. J. C. Mc-
Avoy, Miss Sara Madden, Miss EuBeriie -Mc-
Laren. Mies Mary Lambert, Mrs. • J.- J. Ken
eran. Miss K. L. Kelly, Mrs. P. Sweeny. Mrs.
P. J. Ryan. Miss Elizahtth . Garrey. ' Mrs. J.
B. Macdcnald. Mr?. G: D. Hallahan, -= Mrs.
James Keller; Dr. J. 1.. Milton. Dr. O.-D. Ham
lift,. Dr. J. M. Kane. ¦.M.:J, Keller, . Hugh
Hotran, Walter Harrington. J^D. V Lynch J.
J. White. J. C. McAvoy, -James Keller. George
D. Hallahan, James' A.': Jojreo, J.~;F. 'Kennedy,
P. Flynn- Thomas .McGinnls, 'Bernard Me
'FaiWen. 1 J. D> tMmontaferip. "Klchlard Montgom
ery,.-diaries Leonard ''Smith, ' James McAllis
ter. Paul Bertin and J. J. Feneran. :
f . . • ¦ - • . , ; -v" ¦¦;¦• ¦ \-
March 31. — Elaborate prepara
tions*, are in progress- for the Easter assembly
of the Catholic Ladles' Aid Society No. 1, and
the" evening of. April 4. when the assembly
takes place, promises to be an eventful one in
the history of that benevolent order. Maple
Hall has been secured for the occasion . and
in addition, to the usual floor and , reception
committees ] a large number of society glria'
will assist the matrons in receiving, and In
otherwise making the evening a pleasant one.
T. P. Hogan will act as .floor director. He
will be assisted by George. P. R. Clark, John
Slavlch, Dr. Calllnan, W. ' H. Wallard J. J.
Burke. W. B. Waggoner, J. J. McElroy, T^' E.
Sianton, George McMenomy, ¦ Louis P. iSelby,
C. R. Mulgrew, J. H. Long, . George Taylor.
J'Jhn Lynch, Lawrence Lynch and Joseph Har
rir-zton. ; . ' . .: '¦'.?
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Maria Fcnnfssy t widow) to Michael J. Kfl'y.
lot on N line. of Sixth street,- 10© E of Castro,
E 25 by N 10O. lot 27. block 09, Kellersher
ger's map, Oakland: $10. • •
. West Oakland Maeonlc Hall and Building
Association to fJustav B«t;kert and Adolph G.
Kteso lot on NE corner cf Seventh and Willow
streets, N 104 l.y E lll:ST(i. lots 1 to 4. bkick
52«, Gibbons property at Oakland Point, Oak
land; $10. . ' "
M. J. Keller Company, fa corporation) to
George - Sterling, re-reconl 943 D. :tS5, lot »>n
NE corner of IJnden and Forty-s'xth struts,
E 150 by N 235. Oakland: 110.
Bennett B. Fuller (single) to • Nanette W.
Mayhew (single), U>ts 6 tn 15. block S2. map
Northern Addition to Brooklyn. East Oakland;
$10.
William D. and Jennie L. Thomas. (wife) to
Standard Realty and Development Company
(corporHlon). lot en SW line of Eaet Eleventh,
street, 100 SE of Eleventh avenue. SE 5<».
thence at right angle 3\V to lln* at high ticJ»
In estuary, of San Antonio. . which said lirw*
'S/t tide • forms SW body "hereof;, thence NW
along and following said 1 In* -of tide to Inter
section with line drawn 'at right angle to staid,
SW line of East Eleventh street from begin
ning. NE to beginning, block 15, Clinton, East
Oakland; $10.
C. E. or Cltaries E. Palm«r (trustee of Union
National Bank) to Julia S. S*nborn. lot be
ginning at- a point on line dividing plats 7t
and 75. 315.03 feet S from S line of plat 77.
etc.. thence SE 200, SW 523.P4 to c#ntPr line
or Claremont avenue. N a4a.0.«». E 373.77 to
beginning, being portion of. subdivision 1, map
of portion of Ball Tract E of, Telesraph, ave
nue and portion of White Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Mary E. Taylor (widow),. to Marlon B. -Irish,
undivided half of lot 15. block F. map 3. Hille
gass Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Gertrude ¦ Dwyer (sinsle).to D. J. Keane. lot
on N line of Harmon (Handy) «tr^»t. 23.7 TV
from W boundary of Lorin Villa Tract. W *
by NW 121.16, belcgpcrtion of. lot. 10, map in,
paitlticn of lands of Ann Dwyer, etc., Berke
ley: $10.
Caroline Matthews (widow) ' to John and
Belle Armstrong, lot on W line of Collesr*
avenue. 140 S-of Enclnal avenue. 8- 45 by W
100 Alameda: $10C0. . ¦; ¦. - >J
• Agnes Borland (widow) to George Palmer,
lot oft B line of Summit street.. 75 S of Twen
ty-ninth or Prospect. S '.".5 'by E fH».O5. being
N 15 feet of lot 11 and S 2O feet- of lot 13. Bor
land property. 'Oakland; $10,
"Same to same, lot on . W line of Webster
street, 140 S of Twenty-niirth «r Prospect, d
35 by IV 90. n5 being N 35 feet of lot 9. same.
Oakland; $10.
Margaret Coughlin (widow) to Joseph Cough
lin. (single), 'lot on S line of Railroad avenuf.
125 W. of Chester street, W 5O-by S W:3H>
lots 23 and- 24. block 495. map of redivlslon oi
city blocks 404 to 4!}fl. Oakland: gift.
• Thoma* B. Broderick to f arar* A. BroderictC
(w\te). lot -on IV cot"»er of East Ninteen'h
street and Twenty-fir«t avenue. SW 40 by Sft'
10O being -NE 40 feet of Ints 1.1 to IB, b!o^»t
39 'San Antonio K.i.«t Oakland:- also ?W 3O
fret" of NE half of lots 13 to IS. block :;».
same. East Oakland; gift. '
San 'Francisco Savings .Union to Nancy M.
Clark (wife ot tSeofge U.), ; lot on S line eff
Buena Vista Si venue. S2 W of ITnlon. W 2ti by
S 125. lot 17, block '43. property near Enctnal
station of Columbus Bartlett. Alameda; *U
U N. and S. -L. O' Bryan to R. A. Dagu<-.
lot on W line rt Park avenue. 132:4 61 of San
Jose avenue. S 5O by W l37:3*-i. N 3O. B
.127:2%. lot A. block 17, 'Alameda Park Home
stead. Alameda: $10. * ' -
.Albert Adler <widoweT) to Peter C. .Lasserf.
lots ai:> to S16, block V, .Map of Beulan Parle
property. East Oakland:, also strip 8 feet wide"
bordering on and lying W of aforesaid Iot3 315
ami SIB. East Oakland; $10.. 3BSS& K V*&K\
. Klizabeth .Merrell (wiftf of J. .M.) to Peter
Lafon. lot on S-line of Sycamore street. 5Sn:%
W of Telegraph avenue. B 60:10* by S 1UO.
Oakland; $10. * * • y> .: ";.
W*. A. ' and .Ellen'. T. Morehous* (wife) to
Edwin J. Boyes. let on .NE corner of.Bayo
Vista and Oakland avenue*. 'S 12S.br £ 1"»".
lots 1 and 2 Mock C. Map No. 2 Linda. Vlsfa
Ten-ape. Oakland;. $10.
America/j Investment Union Tract
Oakland; $10.-
Iienrik and. Dora Clausen (wife) -to fiaoa
Peter and Anna M. C. Loren«en. (wif»). lot on
\y line of Kennedy street. 125 "3 of Frederick.
S 25 by \V-i23. lot *6. 'block B. Camden Twenty
.third Avenue Tract. Kast Oakland: $10. .
Pacific Improvement' Company and Oakland
Watei 1 Front Company to -W. A. Hunter, lots
2« and SI. block-'C; plat, of part of FUch.Tract.
Alarheda (quitclaim deed); $40.
. Elizabeth Merrell (wife of J. M.) to A. J.
Snyder, lot on S line of 'Sycamore street. 530:1
\V of Telegraph avenue, W 3 by 3 ICO; alsi*
lot cjj S line of Sycamo're. street, 450 \V- ot
•Telegraph- avenue. W 19:10 by S lfO, .Oak
rand; * 10. .' .- •
'Mary. F. and H • C. -Morris (husband and as
attorney) to Frank J. H Calhtghan. lot on V/
line of Pearl street. 0C.37 X of Bay place e?
Twenty-sixth street. -N' 05.18, "W 71.4.3. S.S5. Q
C7.77, lot 41 ahd portion of lot 4U. Map oC
Delima Thefcault '(widow) to William W. and
Josephine Hamclin. 'lot beginning at ooint of
Intersection of line parallel with and 50-feet
N of N line of -North SIsth street with lint*
parallel with and- 75 feet YV of W line of. West
Madison street.- W 25 by N 50. portion of lot
23. block eX. Kellersb?rger-« map of deed made
to particularly locate and "describe property In
&n D-211 (recorded • March 30. 1904), Oakland
(quitclaim deed): *."..
A lamella "County. •
THURSDAY, MARCH 31
HEAL "ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
VAINLY SEEKS
T0 FIND CHILD
Gonsiderable mystery surfounds the
disappearance and present where
abouts of Evelyn -Loscjum. th*j three
year-old grandchild of Mr§. R. **•
Mitchell. 1620 Idaho street. Last Tues
day a strange w»man<> called at the
house and Mrs!. Lily Qrdth of* 2117 Ade
line street, mother of the child, who
was visiting* Mrs. Mitchell, for some
unexplained reason, turned .little Eve
lyn over to her. '.• •
' Mrs. -Mitchell Tciasr been Vainly seek-
Jng some- trace of. the little one. but
.without' .success.. Mrs- Groth declares
that she does not' know the woman who
took her daughter, yet admits allowing
her to take, the child. "The baby .was
previously- an "inmate -of a- foundling
asylum on -Fortieth street. It is -hinted
that the mysterious -woman took her
charge to San Francisco and some man
may have Jaeen concerned in what ap
pears to have be^n an abduction. .Mrs.
Mitchell visited- Berkeley to-day,, but
could, find no -trace of her grandchild.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 31-
There are several districts in the city
that have not yet been supplied with
garbage cans; but the wagons are all
at work distributing- the -receptacles,
and it '.is "expected that the crematory
•will be in full operation by the last 'of
next -wo^k. * . . " • ..
W> have b^on -.busy' "/ or. some titae distribut
ing -Farbkc". .can?. '• and -w'e'.w'iir tx^gin to col-
Iprt.the Varbtse ay.robn as the can? are full.
Tht'-pu'bllc will- begin the use of th> canS
.to-morrow." end 1 expert. J.hat »f Bhair com
mence •oD- > raTtor.s on'- Monda>*. JVt have had
»-ome trouble- tri. -FettSriK' p«-opl» '<o allow the
•cans -to be Ic-U at their hon-.c?. us th^ *cav
¦enKcns Jiavc eon« ah^ad of our wapons giving
out .circulars statire that tJrey will continue
to collecf- garbat*- and that the dumps would
not be closfd; RnJ a mjiaber of people refused
to *ccei>t our cans until the mafter is setthed.
V\'e ha\v» also had* a great U?al of trouble
tn West. Oakland. On*, of .oar wagons called
at ein+ity houses and did not leave a single
can, the Dtople saying that they di£ not want
t-he *»r»-1ce and wo.uld not havo it - Tintn. the
matfr had been settled in court. The trouble
:* that- tn&r.y people * have little idea, of the
provision* of- the ordinance, and .they -think
that everything .in the line of Waste mat
ter rnufet be t !n< < d ,Jn the ten-galion cans,
•nd that we charge <» certs a month tar each
can. The ordinance yrortdes that only" gar
\>tuge shall be placed* in the email cans, and
that waste matter of puch -a' nature that it
cannot rutrlfyiend become un-sanltarT Fhall
he placed in tin ordinary ash barrel, and tlif-ae
we. collect ever> two weeks, thus "collecting
four cans, or forty gallons of garbage, and
two barrrJ* of refuse matter a month for a
¦monthly rate of SS'centii. "
•E." J. Little, the manager of the In
cinerating Co'mpahy, say? this is partly
ilue' to. the efforts of the scavengers to
prejudice citizens against the company
end partly to" the .ignorance, of ..the peo
ple "• regarding" "the. provisions -of the. or
dinance". -Mr*. Little .said to-da>':- .;¦/'¦.
.' Th* -paciilp- .Iricirierating. Company
has brf n 'bu.sy Tor ten days distributing
carbape .catisv and- wrjrk\wlil be com
menced at the crematory as soon as the
first collections are .made, which will
probably be on .Monday "morning. Some
ailftculty. has been -experienced by the
drivers .of- the' lncmeratihg Company's
wagons in tnduoing -people' in' different
parts vf the Yityto- accept th« com
pany's tians. . • _-.'••".¦.¦•.• . •'•.'..¦ ¦ • •¦
" "The local 'Scavengers' 'Union lias de
.termined to: disi egard. the. order- of the
Board -of:" Health' that; the .garbage
djimps atvAVest Oakland; be closed', and
circu.Var. pamphlets "have been-distrib
'ute'd : by • trie- -uTuion' ".stating ' That the
Bcjivrri^ers-.V.Ould'- "continue, to collect
ind dipp« i>(? : .of -ga rbage-. until ..the ; cQri-;
tn)Vef?y.isy6ettIed;;i.n.'c^urt. The .union"
Jias . i;ct:iined A-U'ornie j ; : J: I H.:'Creely : to
.t-oh'duct -ihc-case: : '. - '•.-:¦.> /;. '¦¦¦¦¦.¦ ¦
Oaklapd Offlce Sari- "Francisco Call,
¦ " . "jllS ¦Broadway.. March- SL-.'
The formal opening of the new.Provi
dence'Hospital at. .Broadway and Bay
place will take piace .Tuesday after
noon^- April, 5, at 3 o'clock with appro
priate exercises,' which,. will be . con
ducted, by either. Archbishop Riordan
rrr Coadjutor "Archbishop Montgomery.
. After these"^ % exercises the >iew hos
pital " will beV ready " for general work
and patients -will be received from that,
time. The ! institution' is under the con
trol-of the Sisters of Providence;- From
twenty to twenty : flve members of the
sisterhood will be .permanently at
tached to -the. hospital as .nurses arid
attendants. -.' . "•.- .- : . • : <¦¦".;:.;
"V.Prdviderice Hospital Is. a six-story
structure, -completely equipped to 'meet
all. of. the requirements of a modern
institution for:the care of ; the sick and
the injured. Besides the several large
general wards many private v apart
ments have been fitted. The appliances
are elaborate in the shape of surgical
and medical accessories. A chapel with"
seating capacity for 250 persons ; occu
pies a part of the fourth floor, j
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. ' .1118 Broadway, March 31.
About a year ago Tobin : plucked up
sufflciertt courage to desert' his contract
wife, to whom, he .states, he : did not
consider himself legally bound, and
married a second. When Mrs. Tobirr
¦No. '.'1 heard of it she started In to make
trouble.- Tobin alleges he paid her $1000
io.gpt rid of her. Mrs. Tobin No. 2 tes
tified that wife No. 1 proposed to. her to
go in together and divide what money
they could force Tobin to give up.
Tears and exciting passages between
witnesses and attorneys made a day of
unusual interest to courtroom habitues.
The; hearing of the Tpbin divorce trial
to-day developed a recital-- of '.a strenu
ous courtship' "below stairs"- at .exclu.-
sive, BHngurn; Tobin, the defendant in
the; case, -.was! • for Mr.
.Mb'odyv and .there ;niet Mary Stanley,
the'housemald. " After a. short courtship,
Tobin. fetatisd; ":bn : the r?tand to-day, he
Was forced' : into" a . contract marriage,
Mary;". the maid, threatening to shoot
him; if nV refused. He stated that he
bated- to leave his master without a
coachman, but under the. persuasion of
the pistol other considerations were lost
sight .of, and they left their employ
ment. Mary added weight . to her
threats to do bodily harm by telling
him that she had buried a husband in
Kentucky and "fixed" a man . in Ari
zona.' ¦¦' . " . .'• •-. . . " " ••
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• 111S Broadway. March 31.
j .Alameda has longlfelt the need of an
.Eme'rgehcy;. Hospital; for' in" more than
'one instance,] the. conveying .of injured
•patients "in ;an ; " : am'bulance". to Oakland
and the" loss of ; valuable . time on the
ijcurney 'has, resulted j seriously. •' .• .The
new! hospital' is o*h" the Oak" street side
of the City Hall and adjoins: the court
room of the City Justice.
ALAMEDA, . March 31.— The new
Emergency ; Hospital in the., base
ment .of the City Hall is . com
pleted. This /municipality is the first
in the" county to establish such an in
stitution. ' Heretofore persons Injured
in accidents or who were • In need of
quick 'v medical' attention .'from other
causes have* been sent to the Receiving
Hospital in Oakland, ; which Is conduct
ed, by the county and managed by the
Board of Supervisors." , ". •'•
• AH. •...of/ # the appliances, instruments
and • furnishings for" the .local Emer
gency Hospital:, arrived ' here, to-day
from New York and arfe. being installed
under the "direction of 1 Health Officer.
Dr. h. W.' Stidham- and Sanitary In
spector' E, C. Mailott,' The' surgical and
laboratory Instruments are of the latest
pattern.. Three cots will be % placed . in
the hospital. ..
Michael . Rice, nephew of the late
Mrs. Mary Canning, Who threatened to
contest the • will : of the deceased! has
transferred all his rights' In the estate
to attorneys for Archbishop- Riordan,.
indicating that he has, compromised his'
claim and that the. last obstacle in the
way 6f:the peaceable settlement of the
estate has been removed. .The" paper
disposes j of all right, . title 'or. .'interest
Rice may. have in the" estate of his' late
aunt, for the sum of $10- to \jS. : - Foster
Young.'of San Francisco. Attorney John
S. Drum, who witnesses, the will of Mrs.
Canning arid appeared, with Garret Me-.
Enerney as attorney for Archbishop
Riordan hi ¦ the . probate- : proceedings,
.witnessed the present-document^ •
..Rice was a nephew of Mrs. Canning,
who lived in Arizona. When he. heard
that W. J. Yore and John M. Yore, his
cousins, were making a fight for a part
of the estate he retained Attorney J. J.
Lerman to look out for his interests
and imt in his claim for a share: A
compromise was effected between Mrs.
Michael Davitt, her brothers, the Yores,
and Archbishop Riordan, but Rice was
left out.-. Since then, however, he has
effected a settlement of his claim. The
estate consisted of S7S.000 in cash and
a home worth about $20,000, which 'was
to be divided equally between Mrs.
Davitt and. Archbishop. Riordan. :
Oakland Office San Francisco- Call,
"' V- 1118 Broadway^ March 31.
St. : Patrick's West Oakland,
will, celebrate the twenty-fifth anniver
sary'of lts J foundlng on Easter Sun
day. The parish was organized by = the
Rev.,J..B." McNally in 1878, the formal
dedication of . the church taking place
April 6,' 1879. /.The. first pastor has re
mained continuously In charge o£ 4.he
church •for. a quarter of a century:
I .During the services,, which will also
be observance of the great..Chris
tian.; festival, .: Father I McNally ... will
preach, appropriate ; sermons , morning
and -"evening. Music will be rendered
by augmented. choirs.; . > •' ':
Under, Father • McNally*s .pastorate
the parish . has established schools • and
other . buildings -for, church .uses. r St.'
Joseph's parochial, school' for- boys and
a convent" school conducted by , the Sis
ters of St. Joseph,, '.a^ parochial resi
dence and. a large "auditorium for, parr
ish ] meetings with the large church <&iz
flee comprise) the ''group of structures
erected 'during, the' service of Father
McNally. The parish has grown three
fold since its inauguration. The ener
getic priest was ordained in 1870. Be
fore he came to Oakland Father Mc-
Nally rebuilt churches at Big Oak-Flat
and. other points in the southern mines
and also erected new edifices in Santa
Barbara County and in Moraga Valley.
Oakland Officer-San Francisco Cell,
111&- Broadway, March 31.
Pacific Incinerating .Com
pany Expects "to ' Begin. Op
.' eratioiis on- Next- Monday
Michael Rice, the Warring
Nephew, Is Satisfied. and
, Signs Desired Agreement
Double £ Observance $ by ' the
Parish .to . Mark • the Cele
bratioir on Easter .Sunday
Appliances Arrive From the
East and Are Installed, by
the Health Board Officials
Tobin Suit for Divorce Re
veals Interesting Story
.of a Strenuous Courtship
TO HOLD THREE CpTS
WILL COMBINE SERVICE
Sick- and Injured Will Be
. Received After the Dedi
cation, on Next v Tuesday
BUILDING 'IS COMPLETE
COMPROMISE EFFECTED
EXPECT A BITTER FIGHT
NOW ASKS HER FREED03I
Scavengers Declare That
They Will Continue tlie
Collection • of . • Garbage
Blinguni Housemaid Brings
About Contract Marriage
in Her Own Forceful Way
Final Bar to the Peaceable
Settlement of the Canning
Estate Amicably Removed
St. Patrick's Church Has
Beached a Twenty-Fifth
Milestone • in Its Record
Archbishop Will Conduct
the Exercises at Sisters
of Providence Institution
Emergency Institution Is
Established in the Base
ment of Municipal Hall
WILL DISREGARD
THE ORDINANCE
USES REVOLVER
IN HER WOOING
TO CELEBRATE
ANNIVERSARY
AVOID BATTLE
IN THE COURTS
NEW HOSPITAL
TO BE OPENED
ALAMEDA FITS
UP A HOSPITAL
VHE SAN; FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OE ALMEDA
OAKLAND, 'March .31.— The Ebell
Club has not yet been able" to decide
upon a site for its new building, owing
to a diversity of opinion as to the rel
ative merits of the , several sites pro
posed. A meeting, was held yesterday
at the clubrooms to consider the mat
ter, but as it was impossible to reach
any agreement the meeting was ad
journed to May 31,
_ So Ebell Site; Selected.
The Castle Rocks Spring ". Company
has been "- organized ; J>y t a ' number j of
commercial 1 traveiersy Articles of in
corporation of .'the? company ,were : filed
yesterday." The : ; directors ". are; J.'j C.
EubankSj,' "A. '.'- C.^J Boldeman, y
Boldeman, W. ', H. -Falkensteln, C. : B.
Tomson,- Frank ; Silverstone and J.'l H.
Campbell.- The -company is capital-.
izedfor^lOO.OOO. • .
Drummers Form Corporation.
• At the South i Park j Settlement - last
night J. \V. ;Erwin ;lectured : oiT Wash
ington, :.'• D.* C., '. and ¦¦ M iss L Ruth Flavcl
rendered , several ; vocal • selections. 4 He
illustrated : his }, remarks with fa.
of i. beautiful ".pictures of the /Capital
City. 7 .}¦; Mr. Erwin is * # a speaker
arid his address^showed, great familiar
ity; with the' eights of Washington and
suburbs. -" On , Friday .night, ; April , 8;
Prof essbr:. V. - I* *- ; Kellogg s_ of - Stanford
University; will . speak v. on -"Mountain
Climbing I In California": and \will ' show
a . number ; of pictures of mountain
scenery
South Park ' Settlement.
6
1118 Broadway. ; '3
Telephone 3Ialn 1083, *ag,
BERKEIiEY. W\
2148 Center Street. ig3
Telephone Xorth 11. - . ; !
ALA3IEPA. gas
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4592.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Open Sores
can be cleaned out, the suppura-
tion stopped, and a cure effected
by the use of
Hydrozone
Only morbid matter is destroyed
by this marvelous germicide, which
allows Nature to build up healthy
tissue. Absolutely harmless. . '•**
Used and endorsed by leading
physicians everywhere.
Sold by leading druggists, or trial
bottle sent, preoaid, on receipt of
25 cents.
The genuine bears my signature
on every bottle. Address
r B.K *-T«l«Ut InUiI •« Mtm U Trrti Mmm.It is a. pretty fight, with the com
batants well matched. Heney and Pugh
have won thus far. but the quartet of
keen San Francisco lawyers against
them have a barrel full of motions and
objections to soring <m the Commis
sioner before he can reach the point of
holding the defendants for trial, if he
sbo'uld finally so decide. Even then
they will by no means be at the end of
their rope, for there are vast posslbill-
IXJNG" FIGHT AHEAD.
the'unla^'f ul acts charged in t.hat dx>cu
ment were co'mmitted in the States tit
Washington, and Oregon, if-' committed,
at. aif, and -therefore, that theihdlet
ment"should hav6 lieen found iaa'JFed
•erarcouft in one of .these' States. This
argm'nent has been" discredited' for the
nVoment ¦ by .Commissioner \ Hcacock's
dtfision, but it is likely to reappear
shortly. The attorneys for the defense
aro too far-sighted to let the Govern
ment's witnesses tell -all they know, for
having made them their own witnesses
the defendants wpyld be bound by their
testimony, heneo : it is -'probable, that
they will bo questioned just enough to
enable" McEnerney.. '••'•. Wh'celer. .-. Schles
ixiger and Knisht - to 1 extract the facts
they JivantiV. These facts are expected to
show^ that^'the^;alleseil::^;Hyde-.
Bens6n^^<rowi)lracy^;^was":^tormed/
if ¦ at- aii7v notion *.WashlnRton>'-I>;(C;j
as ' charsed^ih^heVihdIctmcnt^but;:;in
San Fian'elsco'.or/Po'rtland^prJatVsomc
«tl:cT point on'tlic ;' Pacific fioasi.-'Xrmed
with such evidence; the leisal ; Rladiatora
will : aBalh^Mlc^the|CommIsslpnci^tb
dismins *. tho comi»lnirit; on the ground
that •=: the ;x)fscblumbi^jlacjfc3
juriedictlon over the; alleged 1 erf mei. .:
: But: McEnerney hadr.o.ther shot for
the .Government arid the; battle .of the
skillful, leaders was' kept up for many
rounds." '•¦' '¦'% '''•' . "•¦(•" ~u' ' ¦¦•.'•¦•¦¦•' : . : .- : '''''"•¦'¦
;. " ; '\\ r hy.,".' asked Hyde's, counsel, "does
the prosecution-. -o.li3e.ct : to calling its
vi;Jtiiesses now- and taking.; their '. testi*.
mphy; when these same \yitnesses have
already, giyeri . the \ sa fhev testimony in
the Benson hearing ini New" Tpfk :?".'.:
.-¦'• '"Because . your, iiemand'. here: is not
made :in. good :faith,".. Heney retorted,
-arid .because the, testimony, taken :in
¦Xeyv : York against Benson ..did: not
bring, but half; the! case, against Hyde."
¦• ;• '."I still .insist on! .the; Governments
witnesses being produced/' .said Me-
Eherneiy .in conclusion; "because- 1 am
satisfied that their combined testi
mony will: hot sustain the ' indictment
or. make a case for the prosecution."
'...• The argument for the" defense closed
with ¦ a recapitulation .by Samuel
•Knight of the points made on that
side.. This brought the' hearing up to
the nboa : hour and an adjournment
was- taken for luncheon. :
v 7 -'-...':'HEACOCIC DECIDES.
¦ The. Commissioner announced his
decision immediately upon the reopen
ing : of court. : He said;
; ... I haV6 'been, deeply Interested in this long
argument.'. The case is the most Important and
involves the most Important questions 1 have
been called to pass upon during all my twelve
years In this office.. I have neither the tnae
nor the strength to present a lengthy written
opinion, but.'- will - briefly state • the 'decision
w-hich I have, reached according to my. best
Judgment. • • v
The only, evidence Introduced on the part of
the Government is the certified copy of the
IrKlictnWnt- found in the -Supreme Court of tha'
District of Columbia. 'In spite of th« objec
tions' of «he- defense. I * am "compelled .to hold
that this- makes '.a sufficient prlma facie case.
It/deed,- it Is not disputed that all the decisions
of the Federal •courts'' without a single dto
scr.tlng' opinion" fiBtee. that, sucb an indictment
establlsh'eg a prlma facia case, against the de-'
'fondant. ¦••¦.¦.-" . '"..••'' "' "
. Mr. Schleslager has very ftbly pressed the
claim that this indictment Is defective in two
respects/ first, that It Is alternative, and seo
on<t. that UtaUr. to charge any public offense
a;:atnst the United States. .." • : - • ¦ . .. ¦
As to t:«e flrot point, we find on inspecting
th« imllctmcnt thut.lt contains the foUowlng
ulitrattcn: "Fald school lands were- to 09
oMainrd by m«J<lnc and filing applications for
the purchase of the same and assignments of
the «am» and of the certifieateit of purchase
thereof, in tho natne« of Hctittotis persons unit
m tl«? tiam«i ot persona- not really desiring
and lift quallfi'ii to purchase th« pannVan.l by
supportlns >«th arz'llcatlonsc with: fcr«r«l ami
fr.«vil«l«nt affldavits and Affidavits falne and
kr.owtt tt the i salt) .1'tvderlck A. ° Hyde ¦: ana
John A. iu-r.r-an to be fal>e In thl*. that they
v/uuW pur»>ort to ve, some-.tho affidavits nf
teal ticrrojw and ftthers., lwna fide, sworn atn*
tir vitH of-., the ' ziemons-iV. whoi»8 .'•¦ name*? -were
flsnt^i th*r*to.' whereas In- truth :th« -fowner
would lu'. affidavit* of • IMttioun- persons ¦ ar.i
not »4wom ta hy aWz |*rson, -am. the 'latter
would not 1>» the tana «Wp er aworn affidavits
of- thw.s^woiw.- who»e»,iii«mess:wefe.:: ntcneA
tl'iTPtr, s b*catt«*'»a I *'*''- t J* : '^ attw H»ttWavlu
v.cvld not In truth toavebwnaworn to. at alt
toy any of th»- per»on»AWhoM!^;iian>«a.&.we«»
sicnu! thereto.' ;
' l»'ow • ib». «tmpl«- rtadlaar-pf . tbeae:a»*katl0M
t hewn that; HW-:«» -«)njanetl»eian4': cumulR.
tU«?" hitias not illf junctlve.; If any .one of theve
thfVV "methodsfebf .alhM^ tr*ud it wtablithed.
?*»n-:thott«h>tli.eJprpof.-faHajistoithe other
tr.*A. ' u ¦¦ wtti be < *uf flclent, • and : the? Indictment
»i» stand. .--'• : :". ;n X';:??-^^^^;-*^:;:-^'-*'^
CRIME FUL1.Y CHARGED.
•As to Mr." -Schleslnger'a objection,
Mr. Pugh made the . matter, so plain ' yesterday
that It cannot in my Judgment be . questioned.
I had' previously: arrived -, at the same ' con
clusion from study of the Indictment.' It "con
clusively appears from the regulations » of : the
land . office 5 that when the . parties made ¦ their
selectlonn'of - lieu lands -.they at once received
the use-, thereof." ' Hence -the. Government iwa a
defrauded out of the use: and possession of
those : lands. ; The ' United > States were . thus
clearly prejudiced, i under, the language of the
indictment.- Many minor questions relating to
the Indictment .have been , argued •¦ at : great
length -here- which should be presented ', to the
5i§Hcney's>Iaboratd dhd: stinging sar
casm'vwas nbtlcea^ by^ thdiAQ'
fendahts'Jcbunscl .-when they,, took ; a<\
yantaBefbf-thoir^rlBlititothe last word
'biiVthoV rnotloii/^' Firtst , ; camti .Charles
'$&. Wheoler;|who ircnewed -aiisj forcible
argument;: of I the-; dhyJjbeforft^aBalnst
th^3urte(aict|on^o^fth«(^court r ;at.Waah
irigton;^ atill^cohtendlrig^that % tfie 'I In
dictment^ charged -a^rlmefcommiuca
in^CalltorhiaKandlprcgon^and lth«re
fore'thatftheitrlal^must-be hewv Then
McEnerney.?sbt;:.back: at the'Govern
ment counsel, argulngr that the prose
cutio.n's method practically. Involved
the assumption that the indictment
was conclusive evidence of guilt.
'.'No so," interrupted the ready
Heney. "You are at perfect liberty
to put your witnesses .on now and
contradict the indictment to your
heart's content. Hence it is not con
clusive evidence of anything. It is
only presumptive evidence: until 'you
meet it with; some positive testimony."
.TIIK.IJElfEXSBS CLOSES/
: On the other hand, how; simple!.- ; Let them
put up the defendant Hyde .on the stand' for
Just three minutes of cross-examination by m«!
and that will be all that lsnecessary If he Is
able .to .answer, aiy questions In . accordance
with his attorneys' ¦ declarations, of liis.- inno-"
• cence.- I should first say.. '•Jlr.-. Hyde,', did you
¦Jever- enter into an agreement with- John A.-
Benson- to eu.bstitut-e fraudulent /.land 'titles
for Kenuine.'at the -expense'- of '..the 'United
States?" If -we may' believe' his counsel . here,
'Mr. •' Hyde . would doubtless reply ' with great
emphasis, "No; never.'.'- ••' 1' ¦.-..¦•¦.. ..
Then -I", would ask a second question: "Did
you 'ever -select the tracts of land cutside. the
forest, reserves -as. named ¦ in , the ' .indictment,
to! be exchanged for ' other, tracts- .'-of equal
area held by you within those reserves ?" ..And
be- wi>uld 'answer .'-"Tes." :"' ' :': : ¦ ¦'¦ ¦*' ¦ •
.- Then a' third quei>.Uon: "Did you get titles to"
the >ast named tracts; the school- lands of
California* and Oregon, by -means of 'false en
tries and "fictitious-" names -"and persons riot,
qualified to purchase ?", -Of course be -would
Indignantly respond, "No." •:•:-.-.
.-That would end. it. to far as. the defense- is
concerned.- That would eontradjct. the. iridict'- :
¦ mont':and -compel- th» Government "t°o -proauoa.
• all this evidence . which Mr. ¦ HydeV attorneys
have so clo<|u«it!y. demanded.- 'We. should then
Have 'to present to the 'court, the witnesses on
whose testimony, the Indictment-, was -foundir
and whom the defense has rpent four days in
trying 1« force. us to call. - ."
- IJut why shouM we call .thpse vrltnesses and
prwluce ' thi» documentary evidence before ,\ve
know vhctli^r. after that is «Icn<\ the deferi<l
anta will not then »ay. "ThanV; you: we have
no testimony." and u** tho knowledge they
have thus- salnM to «»Mb thrni by means .of
brlbrrv or lorg^ry «r subornation of -perjury
to work up a defense f*.r the trial at 'Wash
lncton? • I mean no -rpflwrtlon mtin tho tmS
nent counsel «n the other, side,'.. but direct my
xc marks to their clients. ...-:;\ * . • • ' - *•-. .
HENEY'SSHOT AT, HYDE.
ties in the- way of habeas corpus, pro
ceedihgs r .;bbjections. to the "writ- of reV
rnoval and other expedients to enable
the wealthy. defendants to prolong; their"
stay, under the-.suhny skies jo'f Califor-|
nla,'. which. were.' ne.Ver so dear, to them
as : nosy. . '• The trial, at - .Hyde-; pirnond
a-fid . their-" 'alleged- 'feli'0\y 'conspirators
will. not. begin; at ¦ the. Federal-, capital;
just- yet;.' If ever/'-. '.¦"""::.•'¦"¦."•¦•.•¦ -;" : ". : "-. .'¦=."•..; ¦¦¦'.''
, : When .'court bpehed yesterday morn
ing Francis" J;- Heney,. the Government's
special -. counsel, ...had.'.a few^ words-r-just
a parting, shot at .Hyde. He : said: '¦$¦;:;/....
¦'..Ih considering T\hether(he prdsecUtlon: should
offer: evidence in substantiation' of : the 1 indict.-'
ment before the defense is required -.'.to: call:! ts.
witne'sses,. your 'Honor should 'conBitfer. the. rela
tive--dAfflc.ulty of makingr a.'case-. for-.rhe '.Gov-'
ernment and of making a case -.for .the defense
that would badly- discredit th'e."fndictm.ep.ty On
the-.<>ne Bide. w« should' have- to. '.call, witnesses
by. the score and perhaps- hundred, -'from '.ail
parts of the countrj' and. bring-' here- the 'records,
of all' the Western land ..offices • as. well ; 'as
-those -.of the General Land Offlce .at;Wa!»hlnk
ti)n. All • this : means weeks of -labor for: -.the
court and vast expense for the. Government!. •"
Round two for. Uncle Sam. .' • •;:-;.¦.'•.:¦.¦;
• :The Goyernment. won its second Lm-:
portaxit ¦ point •. in. the : .fierce technical
, battle dyer . : th.e. : land- fraud . case . yes-
¦terday \yheh Comrnispipner. E. : H: - Hea
¦cock denied '.the. motion .of; Defendants.
Fred A v Hyde, and -.Henry P. Dinionil to
dismiss the'. cdfnpla|nt "• and -discharge
them. The same^motion-was i madej^arid
argued last .week arid was. then denied^
but was .later renewed . on .additional
.grounds.. >.The '..defendants 'yesterday,
after .enterrng the customary'. : vblurnin-;
ous. exceptions . to . the ComrnLssipne-r's.
: ruling,, began . the : . introduction; . of e.vi
dence, announcing their purpose. to. call
all tlie . Gqvernmerifs . witnesses '. on;,
whose testimony: the "indictment was
found, by the' Grand- Jury in the ; Su
"pr^eme Court; of the District of Colum
bia.- How fully these witnesses will be
interrogated by the defense is uncer
.tain—probably not more so than will.be
'necessary^ to iurnish the astute law-.
i yers with, grounds for another. attack
j upon the indictment and a new motion
to release the -.defendants. .. There is
eyerj' prospect that the fight will conV
I tinue for many weeks:.: Hyde and Di
mond are. not going to Washington for
trial. until they exhaust every resource
; of legal strategy. ;• : . ;
' ' The -principal, line of. attack on the
Governments position thus far devel
oped by the .defendant's attorneys has
been, against, the - Jurisdiction of. the
•court iri which the indictment was re
turned. The claim has been, persistently
: made and pressed with great force that"
THE TWO CENTRAL FIGURES IN THE LAND FRAUD CASE WHO ARE PUTTING FORTH EVERr EFFORT TO" AVOID
GOING TO WASHINGTON. D. C. FOB TBIAL, AND A WITNESS FOR THE GOVERNMENT WHO WAS UNEXPECTEDLY
.' CALLED BY COUNSEL FOR THE. DEFENSE. ....-- . ... : ¦ ¦ ¦ . ."..': .,." . ; ' .. . ...
SAN RAFAEL. March Cl-rrThereisa
tih'rnomcnal run- of herrings in. th& bay
o.ff Sausalito. .A local fisherman ;was
<3ra;r?ing' his" seine" near the" ferry : slip
\Y><inosday, .hut. the.- net was" so heavy
with herring that he-had-to cali-.for
h<Mp from Bome. other boats, before he
¦i nuld land even a portion" of his -catch/
It is. the heavy run" of fish that keeps
the canvasback ducks here so late.
Run of •¦Hrrrincs off .Sausalito
'"We'll accept Mr. Heney's gracious
permission," McEnerney said, .with a
dry curl of his lips. "Let . John H.
Fimple be called."
Fimple, who has come all. the way
from Washington, D. C, for this hear
ing, took the stand and told the court
that he was the Assistant Commis
sioner of the General Land Office and
had previously held divers other posi
tions of trust in that bureau as well
as - in the Interior Department. But
as soon as McEnerney asked about the
regulations governing land entries and
selections of lieu lands the attorneys
found themselves brought to a stand
still for want of the records and other
papers, a wagon load of which were
safely, locked up at a hotel. As Heney
placed all these at the disposal of the
defense, an early adjournment was tak
en to permit McEnerney et al. to dig
deep into the documents. The hearing
will go on at 10:30 o'clock this morn
ing, when the records at the bottom
of the indictment will be gone 6ver with
the. object of getting proof that the
crime of the defendants, if they com
mitted any, was done in California.
the defense demanded that ' each' wit
ness for the Government be .called to
the stand for the purpose of cross-ex
amination by the defense. .". • ''. ' ••
""Cross-examination on what?" cried
Heney. ' . ¦ ' .
"On the averments, the defectiye
averments of the indictment," Schles
inger replied. • . '
| "They have, given no testimony,'* said
Heney, "and therefore cannot be.cross
examined But the Government has
no objection to your calling them and
examining them as your witnesses.
Call them and get the whole story from
them. You don't dare."
FIMPLE ON THE STAND.
Following the Commissioner's ruling,
On the matter of constitutionality, so ably
argrucd by Mr. Wheeler,.! have not changed
my belief that the Jurisdiction of the court
should not be questioned' by an inferior tri
bunal. The arguments I have heard have
not satisfied me that the court at Washington
had not competent jurisdiction. The safe rule
for me hag been laid down by the courts in
the following language:' "The commlastoner
should -consider whether the indictment in
substance and not necessarily- with technical
accuracy, charges a public offense. ¦- All doubts
should be resolved in favor of the Govern
ment especially as they can be solved by
the Judge In the district or by the court
where the Indictment was found." Hence, if
I am wrong in assuming that the Supreme
Court of the District of Columbia has con
sidered this question, it can be raised before
the Judge here who will be asked for the
writ of removal or before the court at Wash
ington.- "— ¦ ¦ ' • ' ' • ¦'.
• The most serious question here is presented
by the claim that, the Government . is obliged
to nroduce its evidence, especially In view of
the presence of the. witnesses. But I find that
the uniform usage of the court favors the
rule that a prlma-facle case .only, is required
to be. made out in advance by the prosecu
tion. This. I believe, is independent of the
<iu«-stion whether It Is made out by primary
or secondary evidence. There Is no. decision
to. the contrary in- the reports. The defend
ants.' moreover, are ' In no worse position be
cause . the . Government's witnesses are here
than if tht*y wern not oresent. So I am in
clined to hold that the Indictment was prop
erly Introduced in evidence, and that It is
not necessary', to sustain it- by further testi
mony in /advance at evidence to contradict : it.
•'.On behalf cf-the defendant. Henry P. D!
mond, it has been urged that the complaint
should be dismissed as to him because the
indictment ¦ falls properly to allege any guilt
upon his part. But on reading the Indict
ment we find ¦ it is specifically charged that
he acted as the agent of Hyde and Benson
in all their acts committed ' In furtherance
of their < alleged conspiracy, and with full
knowledge of . said conspiracy, and with the
Intent to aid. them therein. In every Instance
the overt act charged In .these thirty-four
counts Is alleged to have been committed by
him. I do not know how language could have
been stronger.
I will therefore -deny the motion as to each
of the defendants, and will now permit the
defendants to Introduce testimony.
court where the Indictment wai; found. . The
only . question- for me iV' does It charge a
public offense? Of this. I have not the slight
est doubt. • ¦• .
...OAKLAND, March 31.^— Mrs. Emma
Smith, -whose ' husband,- Stephen B.
Smith; was found dead about a month
ago .'near the family home in. Moraga
Valley, died. to-day at thehome of her
sister, Mrs." M. Van Ostrand, 7 Eighth
street: . . She. leaves two sons, Ray and
Lester Smith;. a daughter, Mrs. Bertha
Hplliri'gsworth.. of Santa Cruz, and
three" sisters,. N411 and Martha Huf
ford ¦ "and r Mrs. M. Van Ostrand. : ¦¦'< "¦:¦
Mrs.- Emma Smith ¦'¦ Dead.
Royal Party Arrives From- Naples.
. NEW YORK, March -31'.— Prince
Henry of Ruess Kostritz, the .Princess
of.'Ruess Kostritz. Princess* Clemen
tine of. Ruess, Princess" Sebitla. of
Ruess and Princess Olga of Saxe-
Altenburg arrived to-day / 6n" • the
steamship' Prinzess- Jrene from.Na
ples. .'..¦¦¦•.'¦
Senator Allison's Condition Improves.
. WASHINGTON, March" 31; — Sena
tor. Allison, of Io\va, who became ill
at the Capitpl. yesterday, . is still con.
flned to his home. The attending:.phy
sician said tb-rday that there were no
dangerous symptoms, that the Senator
is improving and might be able to re
sume his duties .at the. Seriate about
Monday. . ."•• ".' . " ¦•*-, '~ '¦'
« ¦
ST. LOUIS, March 31.— The. Grand
Jury called some time ago to investi
gate the alleged assaults perpetrated
upon voters 'during the Democratic pri
maries on March 12 made a report to
day, returning indictments against sev
enteen policemen and .John Lavin, a
central conimitteeman, charging -them
with failing tt> quell the .disturbances.
The report also, severely criticizes Gov
ernor-.Dpckery for "allowing the St.
Louis police department- to be used as
a.polit-lcal machine." '. " • .
The report is couched in temperate
language: The mem.bers of the Gfa'nd
Jury, assert, iri their report that, what"
thoy say is -not actuated toy partisan
ship, as they.- call attention to the fact
that eleven of. their number are Demo
crats and one is Republican. The
State administration is Democratic.' .
The Grand Jury'report then says that
in. partial irivestisatio.fi of _ the election
outrages in. the- Democratic primaries
it found that some o-f the 'most.promi
nent/men in St: Louis.- were- slugged
and vjeaten by .'""Indians" iri' the pres
ence of the police; .who did nothing to
protect them.' The report says that the
police, in some precincts at least,' were
in connivance' with the ruffians.'- . " •
-.: The Grand Jury- appeals, to Governor
iDockery to take, the police out of poli-.
tics.-ahd in effect recommends that the
Governor acqept.the resignations of. the
present j Police ' Gbnimlssioners by sug
gesting that." a. non^partisah board be
appointed.. '•.•'The. report 'says- that it
favors State '.control' of the police de
partment.;:'.' •.. .••.....'..•.. '• . .' .•
by McCrrary and interruptions by Re
publican Senators': McCrcary . charg'ed
iR the. main' that fhe policy .of ah r&T.k'
adjournment .of <Ttmgress .had . been
nd<ipt^d irt -order' to avoid ¦legislation
¦not desired "by the Republican leaders.
w^'s. confined largely, to. a speech"
tliat jthore is'a lo.bby in "vTashingtori in
Vh^intor.ep'tof' the' repeal bill, "and en
ca'prd -jri. a short '.cojlofluy Jwi.th Pat
tPiVonVof Colorado, during .which each
< h'ar:acip.rized- the- 'statement .. .of. 'the
«U.h>r as untrue."- '..•.' '" ' • '. % .-' .*
Thp general '" debate- tin; the '.post office
charge*':- .- •-.-•": > '.-.v \ '¦'".'.'¦•¦':.'¦ '¦'¦; ¦. '.
¦-, f he «tt«»ntion. of the." Senate -.was di-
VtA«d* toVday. : betwcen"the biirfor' the
rfpe.al' : .of ,thp desert land,.' the timber
:a.nd- stone .and .the • homestead comm\i
lAtldji lawg/aTrd the.postbfnce appro
.r'rlat^on: bill-; The repeal. bill. was taken
iij) -onjv ; for Mhe. purpose' of discussion,
a.n.d ¦^ot.'U'yomrng' wsft.the- princi^
V.alj?.peak.pr.. He contested. .the-position
: ;ak.^n -liy Gibson that- there have been
;.j oat' frauds". in- tne administration of •
ihoJanil Maws in the West-. He "declared 1
c !*)W. . ' . .
The fight of boards of . receivers of
State Honies for Disabled Soldiers of
the Volunteer. Army to retain certain
portions pf pension money received by'
the .inmates -was discussed .at length.
Bell of • California assailed his own
iStAte/fbr permitting a canteen to be
established i-n the California. State
Home and charged that the old sol
dier* were allowed to draw their pen
sion money "from .thV home in most .in
stances only through canteen checks.
After extended debate' an amendment.
by Bell to correct the. tnrOm complained j
of was adopted.' • .• : ' ." • ''".I
A violent attack 'on the..Coast
Geodetic Survey was. made by Robin
son of Indiana,' who charge that scan-,
dal attached to that, office in- connection
xvtth allowances .for' ebjfc.muta.tf on of
subsistence,- .Hemenwayi/th ohargV '.of
"the. bill, • Indignantly. ".denying"... the
WASHINGTON, March .31.—Consid
eration of the sundry' civil appropria
tion bill was concluded in the House
to-day and the bill was about to be
passed, when Sulzer forced a roll call
on a motion tu recommit the bill with
instructions to strike out the paragraph
appropriating: J13G.OO0 for rental of the
New York Custom-house.. • .The vote
showed a quorum was not. present and
adjournment was 'taken until to-mer-
The liabilities of the company are
placed at 51,600,000. with nominal assets
of about the same amount. The diffi
culties of the concern are attributed to
heavy withdrawals by depositors and
the inability of the management t<\
realize quickly, on securities in" order
to. provide for its usual demands. . At
the offices of the Savings Bank Com-,
niissioners' it was stated-.that the com
pany had been temporarily enjoined tuy
the Supreme Court and .that the appli
cation for a. permanent injunction Vcus
returnable to-morrow, when the court
will ..be asked to appoint- a receiver..
The directors of the company announce
that np opposition will be made to a
receivership and that the company will
go out of business. .They declare pos
itively that depositors will lose nothing.-
BOSTON, March 31.— The Union
Trust Company closed its doors
The company was incorporated in 18SS
Avlth a capital of $100,000. The presi
dent is former Congressman William
E. 'Barrett. Barrett also is ,a well
known, .Boston publisher. Frederick B.
fcoberts- is«treasurer and the directors
are .William E. -Barrett, 'Charles .H.
Adams. C. F. Donnelly, James W.
'Dumiphy, M. Edward Smith. and* G. A.
Stone. AvJ -- ¦"Vv- i ;
Governor Is Asked to De
mand and Accept Eesig
nations of Commissioners
Attack I* 31ade on the
Toast and Geodetic Sur
vey for Alleged Scandals
Declare Positively That the
Depositors Will Not Lose
Anything by the Failure
OFFICEES ABE SCOBED
ORJECTIOX TO CANTEENS
DIEECTOES CONFIDENT
Indictments Are Eeturned
in St. Louis Because of
Disturbances at the. Polls
Banking Concern Is Unable
to Meet Its Obligations
Owing to Big Withdrawals
Defendants' Long Fight to Secure Their- Discharge
Fails for the Present, but Will Be Renewed-"They
Begin Attempt to Force the Government's Hand
Congressman Bell Speaks in
the House Kegarding Af
fairs at the Soldiers' Home
JURY ACCUSES
THE POLICEMEN
UNION TRUST
COMPANY FAILS
ASSAILS STATE
FOR THE EVILS
HYDE-DIMOND INDICTMENT SUSTAINED
BY FEDERAL COMMISSIONER HEACOCK
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALU. FRIDAY. APRIL" lv 1904.
7
DOAN'S KIDNEY • PILLS. . j
Which Xb Better—^Try an Experiment or
Frcftt by a San rrancl»coCi«-.: '¦.'.'
' ' zen.'s Experience? .'.'.¦'¦¦-,"¦¦•¦- ;-. .
new is an exp^rihieht:; ': ;. .:<
Must be proved to bf' as 'represented. \
The statement of a. manufacturer is not |
convincing proof- of merit. •-•. : ' .•'¦.¦.;
Hut the indorsement of friends .is.- ...
Now, supportng you .had a bad back,-.
A lame, weak or aching one.. . : :
\Vould you experiment-. on it?. -. ; ¦''..- "
' You wil! read of many, sorcall^d- evires ;'
Indorsed by. strangers., from.rar^wai:"
places. . '• . ••¦".' ¦•' ."•" .-¦•¦
it's djffprent when.- th"c. in'dorsemenX
< nmes from home. ; s . ;
liasy to prove local testimony. .¦'.'• . '-.>' ,
Home indorsement is the proof' 4.hat
l'fccks c-verj' box of "Doan's' Kidney Pills...
Read this case.: " • " - .•'."•
W. D. Nicol, foreman rigger at'the Ris-
don Iron and I^romotive-- -Works, resi-
dence S00 Minnesota street, says: "'Some
Tilghts. after a hard .days- work. I .was-
actually doubled -up wit b/ backache. The
l3st attack clune to me- ptrsistently for
n\»r two weeks. Jt was more -acute .than
¦Kjr previous attack .a.nd . 'lastfd" . .longer.
Naturally- on the" outlook for, any means'-
to help I happened to read- an advertise.-
m*>nt about Doan's Kidney- Pills in one of;
our dally paperp. and. I was so. impressed ]
with what it said that I -tried tbe remedy.-
It stopped the aggravated attack, - During,
the last six months- 1 have been 'entirely I
free from kidney complaint b.r' backache."
Kor 6ale by all dealers. Price, 60 cents/
I-'ostrr-MIlburn Co-, Buffalo,'- X. ' Y;, p.ole
apents for the United-.State?. •¦•. '• /. .
Remember the name, lioan's, 'and tak'e
no substitute. ¦ • .••••••.. •• •
CB £B tt&B B\ ¦ WnnrVACnCMDE- •
1^0 sF'- I Xll VIGORAVbjB?s a naf- |
¦ W H BshB h \bB oral restorer .of lost" •<
•trencth and rigor. It Ik the ONLY mean*' |
»hlcb will expand and develop the- organs, used"-
with our unproved " Perfect " Soiuble Ai«dlcate4
( Direct Medtcctioa ) ¦ -. f. - %
< '-arons, will qu!ck!.v car* 1 a:matunl Jos«cs. s:rlo« !
tare, premaTure decay, prosturtr affections, *»rc I
f k - For VAhirOCKI.K cur MI- !
| PKOVKD DKVKLOPKB. ram- {
W^ binmi with our n»"W j>»ten{ed RUS- j
W PKNROKV ana COMPBE.SHOB, I
<sold only by u%\, wt'4 cnre«rca the |
«_ worst <»?«. I vo't tall to invrttlpate tsr.^. !
1 1 Call or nrite for wv (ropyrifhtNl) pro* J
: f fuwly Wustr«.t«il XW-paire book,«K««l:h.* }
MI frr MEXOM.V, H^nt securely fc«»IiHl ;
I wjj FUt.K. t)nr pby»lrtan« are «»inert*ncM I
. S ar.«l .ntiir::^ reliable <>r*clA'.!v«, IVr« i
7 v:'<'>U'U. TrcAtnent e'.vca on Wdfcjrs* :
trial and approt-aL ". . - j ...¦.• -._¦'¦> ¦ -y ,". : .;. •'.^XyjS
,:¦ HEALTH APPLIANCE ; C0.i ; '
: •: " :: 6 OTtrrtU Street. S.F.
0 w=»R.PIERCE5ww|i
¦¦y - : - :.:, MEDICAL *>&?•#$•-, ¦]
DHSCOVERY
rOR THE
BLOOP.LIVER.LUMGS>|
jd&te&iM MEHAHDWOKEII.
•C^fflM^lXKEb^Sffi Cw Bif e for onnatur»i
i2ahr>" • *• ' <i7mH dirrb«rru.lnCanim»tioat,
%3Xb OwtuM «¦ trritKtionr or uIcorMiom
LwE Miwiirtmti. of nncsfli niFtnbuin,
V* T rr«iw »•%««•.••. P».in>rs, and unt »ttrln-
J^\JAllXkntnviZtlZC. r»nt or K5i»ononi
V^jL CHtStHHiTI.C Kga ¦ cld b '' »rsictl«l»,
niL us. A. or f*ct is pUln ¦wr»p?»r.
rTlii^s»» *(Sr*V *^T »xpr*«i>. rr«r»td. for
V"£3 •3f3B^^B «1.0O. nrlbottW t;.7i.
¦ ClrcoUr sett «B m«c3t
' ADVERTISEMENTS. •
:':¦; ONLY A SUGGESTIOX.
But It Has Proven of Interest and
Value to Thousands.
Common sense would suggest that
If one wishes to become ileshv and
plump it can only result from the food
we eat and digest and - that food
should be albuminous of flesh forming
food, like eggs, beefsteak and cereals;
in other words the kinds of food that
make flesh are the foods which form
j the greater part of our daily bills of
! fare.
But the trouble is that while we eat
enough and generally too much, the
stomach, from abuse and overwork,
does not properly digest and assimilate
it,, which is the reason so many peo-
ple remain thin and under weight:
the digestive organs do not complete-
ly digest the flesh forming beefsteak
and eggs and similar wholesome food.
There are thousands-, of such who
are really confirmed dyspeptics, al-
¦ though they may have no particular
pain or* inconvenience from their
stomaehs.
If such persons would lay their
prejudices. aside and make a regular
practice of taking, after each meal,
one or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets the food would be quickly and
thoroughly digested, because, these
tablets contain the natural peptones
and diastate which' every weak stom-
ach lacks, and by supplying this want
the stomach is soon enabled to regain
•its natural tone and vijror.
Stuart's 'Dyspepsia Tablets digest
every form of flesh forming food,
meat, eggs, bread and potatoes, and
this is the reason they so quickly build
up, strengthen and invigorate thin,
.dyspeptic men, women and children.
Invalids and children, even the most
delicate, use them with marked ben-
efit, as they contain no strong, irri-
tating drugs, no cathartic nor any
harmful ingredient.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is th«*
mpst successful and ' most widely
known of any remedy for stomach
troubles because it is the most rea-
sonable.and scientific of modern med-
icines. "^ . ' •
Stuarfs Dyspepsia Tablets' are sold
by-every druggist in the United States
arid Cana v da, as well. as in Great Bri-
tain, at .50 cents for complete treat-
ment. • ¦
Nothing further is required to cure
any stomach trouble or to make thin,
nervous, dyspeptic people strong,
plump and well..
0 VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT ()
4HUSEUH OF AHATOHY*
A CB i::iHA2ursr.'«t.6^*7ti.:.r.:;!, A
\ »3r The Largest Anatoaical Mose&m in the \
Q MCVk»k. w «» 1 *. "«•*«»« or in-,- cenvactot A
1 ScSn diitite p»iltl»»l7 enr«rf hy the oldeit f
A y§3£ J 08. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN J
\ W^ 9eSB Contnltitton free »r.d jtrictly prfri!?. \
A C iVt 9 TrM-tnent pfrsociSly or tr l^:rsr. A g
T fl fir IS W f—iHn CW« m eTeTycucunderuirea. T
A ¥> 1 fit w r::e for Bsok. rilUKOmi mt A
¥ ¦ T BtMMfiE, MAILED FKC*. Uf
\ , ) Taitsable beak for mrn) - k
V DB.JOCDAS *«:o.. lasi MarK«t¥t..S. F. V
OCEAN THAVZL.
SSteaYners leave Broadway
wharves. Piers 9 and U.
San Francisco.
For KttcMkan, ' Wrangcl,
Juneau. IIairv»j>, £kagway.
etc., Alaska— It a. m.. Mar.
SI. Adi\ 5 • Chance to Com-
pany's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
com<-t. Everett. E«!HnKham — ll'a. m.. Mar. 31.
Apr.- 5. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. tt. Ry.; at Seattle
or Tacoma to X. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Kureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m., Apr. 4. Spokane, 1:30 p. m.. Apr. I. •
For Los Anjreies (via Port Lo» Angeles and
Re3ondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rosa. Sundays. U a. m. • .'
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For I-rs Aneeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey. San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harfordl (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme . *'
Coos Bay, 9 a. m., Apr. 1.
Bonita. 0 a. m* Apr. 5. -
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazutian, Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th »ach
month. For further information. obtain, folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sailing
dates.
TICKET OrPICS — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market »t. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight offlce. 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco. ¦
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. TeleDhone Exchange 31-.
NOME~
—AND—
ST. MICHAEL
THE Al FAST
S. S. ST. F»AUL
CAPTAIN C. E. LINDQUIST.
(Carrying U. S. Malls.)
rF.OM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT.
JUNE 2, ...* 2, F». JW.
Connecting with the Company's Steamers for
A1J BERING SEA POINTS. and at -St.
Michael with the Company's River Steamers
for Fairbanks and all points on KOTUKVK,
TANANA and YUKON RIVERS.
For Freight and .Passage Apply to
HOSTHSBH COMMERCIAL CO.. '
' 523 Crossley building. Cor. Mission and ' Ne-w
¦ Montgomery stu.. San Francisco.
O. /?. 'Sk-N. CO.
OREGON nils March -28, 'April T. 17, 27.
May 7. 17 and 27. GEO. W. ELDER sails
March 23, April 2. 12. 22, May 2, 12 and Z2.
Only steamship line to PORTLAND. OR., ani
Fhcrt rail line from Portland to all points
East Through tickets to all points. Steamer
tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer sails
foot of Spear St., at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH.
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. '1 Montgomery «t.; C
CLIFFORD, Gen. Ajent Freight Dept.. 3
Montgomery st. * ¦
S S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Apr. 2. 11 a. m.
g' S VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auc«-
'land and Sydney. Thur.. Apr. 14, 2 p m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Apr. 23. 11 a.m.
J D.SPEECIELS & BEOS. CO.,AZtS.,TitiEt 01UC8 643 Mar-
fotst., Freiztt Offlce 329 Martet St, Pisr 7, Pagifla St.
v.*w^ KOSIVIOS LINE.
|kS|M (Magellan Route.)
Kl^PJ Passenger Servlr»— ThrouRh Wlth-
' \S5fX/f out Change.
JgWIj g, s. "AMASIS." 7000 ton*.
' ¦- Captain C Jansen. sailing fron»
! S»n Fraxi«-J«c« on or about April 20. 1904. for
! London. • Hamburg and «U principal ports in
Meslw. Central and South America. For.ratM
»n«t partKulars apply at pseserger office, 611
M " rlCet 'bsNDAfc ::» -• OBAT. Manager! ?
329 Mark*t «t.. San franclsgo.
W»f AQjnn OE^ERAIt TBIHSATLASTIQCS. .
Smiilas every Tfcnt»4ay ln«»« J «:
Saturday. «t J«> a. m.. from -Pier 12. * - ™ ! *
CANADA :S Broadway Uludwn *«* 1^ n^I
New^rork. 3. F. FUGAZI &"C«v n*McCji.t
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue tan Francisco.
Tick" ts »old by all Railroad Ticket Agents.-
Mare Islanfl aad VaUejo^SteamOTa.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
£••45 a m.. 3:15 and 8:W> P, m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 0:45 a. m.. *:*> p. nl. Leavc-Vallejo
7 » m 12:30. and « p.m.. except -Sunday.
iundaV'*" «. ni.. <:'3 v. m. Fare.' .V) cents.
T™ 'lain 15O«. Pier 2. MI»lon-st. dock.
HATCH F.R03. •
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PEB YSAS,
ADVESTISEMENTS.
$gj8Ey3vr The shoes that are
the be^ gowned
SOROSIS SHOE PARLOR - ROYAL SHOE CO.
'¦¦', :216 Post StT v v ' 50 THird'St. ?
r '. / . Send for Latest Catalogue.
¦¦ '."''-'- '' '"'''•''•''. " ' ; '- s^ ¦i^___j iSpecial; information* supplied, dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press.*CHpping Bureau 230 Cal-
UornJa street, Telephone Main 1012, «"
Townsentfs California Glare fruits and
choice -candies. In ' artistic fire-etched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends.
715 Market street, above Call^bulldlns. •
•General Kuropatkin, herb of Russians" and heralded
conqueror of the Japanese, has a'rrived at the front.'- 'Is*
it too much, for the world to ask now that the 'first round
of this Eastern contest begin.? The attack on > Port Ar
thur has ceased to be even a subj ect of tea-table gossip,
The official returns ; of the election in
the commonwealth of Australia show
that the newly enfranchised : women
availed themselves in great numbers of
their electoral privileges. Whether they
were mainly actuated by female curi
osity. Is not clear, but it appears that
their chief influence upon, the election
'was in swelling Ithe. votes * of all "parties
without , affecting the result. They
merely followed their husbands, fa thers,'
uncles and male .cousins. But-; they,
Enfranchised.
,; A Pcjlice Commissioner .of New > York summarizes his
impressions of the police'force of Chicago in ; the opinion
that the peace guardians of the Wiiidy^ City tolerate
gambling, spend their time ,m saloons and in various
other ways demonstrate their, palpable unworthy Isn't 'it
lucky for so*me people that* this New York critic did not
travel farther West? ' SfcJMSW
Students* of . agriculture at the University of California
need a properly .equipped building so badly that they
have set -on foot an agitation to -secure it themselves.
It is incidents such as this that 'encourage /and fortify, a
belief in the wortlj of higher education. Boys that need
something badly enough/to go after it themselves are
justifying their course. . • '
THE success of the Salvation Army in its coloniza
tion experiments in this State and on the Arkan
sas River has led to the presenting of a bill in Con
gress to take the colonization of the poor, now congested
in cities,' into the hands of the Federal Government .The
bill provides a commissioner of colonization to.be the
head of a bureau in the Interior Department and for the
issue of $50,000,000 in bonds, the proceeds, of which. will
be loaned to colonists and the principal and interest will
be met at fifty years maturityby. a sinking fund consist
ing of the surplus interest! The Government," that. is to
say, will charge enough more interest than it pays to
cancel the is.sue in a half century. The bill is long and
elaborate, providing ¦ for limitation of the amount "of
land each • colonist can take and working out all of the
detail. It is drawn by Consul Booth-Tucker, whose ex
perience qualifies him for such a ; task. ¦
It is not pleasant .to oppose a measure that has for its
purpose the benefits that are expected: to flow from such
a law. j It is- to relieve the congestion of our cities by
taking/people upon land and it aims touse fo.r this pur
pose the areas to be irrigated upder the Federal irfiga-
FEDERAL COLONIZATION.
MIRRORS— F. W., Dunsmuir, Cal.
Mirrors can be produced of any size
to which plate glass can be cast. A
plate of glass to be converted into. a
mirror is polished on both sides, then
laid on a perfectly level table of great
strength and solidity, usually '. of
smooth stone, made • like a billiard
table with raised edges. A sheet or
sheets of tinfoil sufficient to cover the
upper surface of the glass are then put
on and rubbed - down smooth, .after
which the whole is covered with qul -
silver, which immediately forms an
amalgam with the tin. The superflu
ous mercury is then run off and a wool
en'cloth Is spread over the whole sur
face ard square iron weights are ap
plied. This pressure is continued for
a day, and night- then the weights and
cloth are removed and the glass placed
on a wooden table with a movable top.
which admits of gradual increasing in
clination until the unair.algarnated
quicksilver has perfectly drained away
and only". the surface of the perfect
amalgam remains, -, coating ,the : glass,
and perfectly- adherent "to it." : ';/ -~"
Marquis Ito has been' decorated '.with; the Order of the
Plum blossom... The event was honored by 'fitting
pagan ceremony, and the customary oriental redundance
of sentiment: ; It- is now up to the v Mikado to present his
premier of • fighting, sailor .men, A'driiiral Togo, with the
peach. . No other emblem will do. justice to his char-
Not only have many Japanese women
adopted the .European costume, but
some even wear trousers.
The ladies of the court of Japan live
In/ a separate building, from' which a
covered- gallery leads to the palace.
Japanese etiquette Is so complicated
that these women spend a seven-year
apprenticeship 'to learn their duties.
Each has her, own apartment and even
her own cook.
The woman of present-day Japan
lives under far more liberal laws than
her mother did.. There is now a law of
divorce by mutual consent. Women
lecturers are not unknown. Children of
both sexes are educated together In the
primary schools, a thing that" horri
fies conservative grandmothers.. There
are women lawyers In Toklo; and, al
though their entrance into the medical
profession is frowned upon, that preju
dice will give way in time. •
Japanese Ladies.'-
MILITIA LAW— A Subscriber, Santa
Cruz, Cal. The present law of Con
gress in relation to the militia, com
monly called the "Dick bill," provides
that "whenever, the .United States is In
vaded, or in danger of invasion froai
any foreign nation, .or of rebellion
against the authority -of the Govern
ment of the United States, or the Presi
dent is unable, with the other forces,
at his command to execute the laws hi
the Union In. any part thereof, it shall
be lawful for the President to call
forth, for a period not exceeding nine
month's, such number of the militia of
the State or of the States or Terri
tories or of the District of Columbia,
as he may deem necessary to repel such"
invasion, suppress such rebellion, or
to enable him to execute such laws for
that purpose, to. such 'officers of th«
militia as he may think proper." " When
so called out the militia shall be sub
ject to the same rules and articles of
war as the regular troops of the .Unitcl
States. •
.' " Hayti has decided at the eleventh
hour to- have an exhibit at'the World's
Fair* and lias' applied for space.- The
exhibit will- be a comprehensive one,
includlng'the important products of the
island.
. Exhibit' space at the World's Fair is
scarce' and .hundreds of ' exhibitors are
'-clamoring'*. for space reserved by Rus
sia to add to their allotments.
• Exhibits for the Forestry, Fish and
Game building at the World's Fair are
now on their way from Brazil, Argen
tina,' Peru,'.- Germany, Great Britain,
Prance, Mexico and Japan. ' •
• Stereoptlcon views of the resources of
Oregon will be shown On the interior
of the stockade- of the* reproduction o.f
Fort CJats'op, Oregon's "building* at the
World's Fair. ! ¦
'An automobile parade has been ar
ranged to. follow the arrival of the
touring party 6f the American Auto
mobile Association on St. Louis day,
August 1J, at the .World's Fair."
St. Louis Notes.
CORDELIA BOTKIN— Old Subscrib
er; Sisson, Cal. Cordelia Botkln. charged
with murder, was arrested at Stockton
on August 23, 1898; was convicted of
of murder in the first degree on De
cember 31, 1898, the Jury fixing the
penalty at imprisonment for life.
Since .that time she has. been de
tained in the House of Correction, now
known as a branch jail of San Fran
cisco.
SOAP— An Old Subscriber, Pinole,
Cal. This department does not adver
tise any business place, therefore can
not publish where- ' a certain soap
agency is now located. Questions, the
answer to which amount to an adver
tisement, will be answered by mail if
the correspondent "will Inclose with the
question a self -addressed and stamped
envelope. • , :.• ¦ ."¦
DEPTH OF OCEAN— X. Y. Z., Fort
Baker, $ CaL ¦ The greatest . depths of
ocean are: Atlantic, 27,266 feet; Pacifl'c,
30,000 feet. These depths were ascer
tained by Murray, in charge of the
expedition . on the Challenger, 1872-74,
to circumnavigate the globe for the
purpose nf deep-sea spundlngs. '
" There was a moment of astounded
silence, .the 'boy's 'sisters and mother
waiting in quiet horror for the lord
and master to .administer chastise
ment.' .-'. - . ' ¦" * '
.That gentleman, affected by. -the
¦atmospheric pressure, •' suddenly laid
down his paper- arid gazed about him.
Having a misty- idea that his son had
questioned - him,- and gathering from
the- faces." of the' assembled multitude
that something" was expected of him,
•a father, he plunged' at words and said
gravely": .-. • ."'¦ -• •¦
'. "Say- please, Richard."—^-Llpplncott's
•Magazine'..'.' •• . . ;£v"- : . IT-
The. infant prodigy of a Cincinnati
household had : just, learned to -swear.
One evening, -when the family were
sitting about,' and his father, a man of
rare absence of mind, was reading in
his easy chair, the youngster looked
wickedly up at his parent and- said
aloud,. "Papa, go to de d'ebbil."
The Prodigy's Pun ish m en t.
•MARTIAL LATV-^H. A. M., City.
None of the histories of the Civil War
and none of the chronological records
of the events of the war show that the
city of Washington, D. C, "was under
martial law between April 15, 1865, and
July, . following.
T.HE San Jose. women are arranging for a blossom
tournament. A tournament committee has been
appointed to take the matter" in hand executively.
The Sari jose" Chamber of Commerce is giving its aid
"for the good of San Jose and oftthe Santa Clara Valley
generally, of which San Jose is the commercial center:
Twelve young ladies will lead. a parade that will be one
of the* spectacular features 'of '.the,-. tournament --season.'
Possibly a lady with a ¦ retinue of gayly appareled aids
will officiate as ' grand marshal. The Columbia Park
boys of San Francisco have promised to be. a part of the
procession. It will be worth the while for any person
who has the time to spare to visit San Jose when the
tournament is in progress. •". ;..-.!
Los' Angeles',. Santa Barbara and other southern .cities
have had flower festivals and su.ch events have attracted
great attention to the comniunities. San Jose has had
.blossom .celebrations and- with good results.- The fame
of its fine climate, and superb scenery ..'thereby has been
.'extended .widely. -. " . V .¦'.••.¦•••'•. v-)j
"San. Jose's broad and level' streets;, its' amplitude" of
shade," its abundance of .cozy hpmes and its all-around, at
tractions".have only'to" be -se.en. to be ¦appreciated. - .The.
blosspm festival is'.^admirably 'adapted* tcr drawing people
¦of xefi'aement wh'o.are;-' seeking^ the .idea)':- sppt .in.wliich
. to • mak'e their." htfrnes. -.; The.Fe"; ipay..-b'e 16ve,iief places "in'
• the .world than'tbe "$anta-_ Clara. "VaTley-, • but-f e"\v.eo;ual .'it .
in* the co'mbi.nation.jof beauty and '.material- attra'ctions." •
/.-.' The- young 'peppte-wiW have a- jgre.a't'tjme with.'-.the va--
: ried=sporfs that ;.t.he conimittee .ha-s in it's ken.'.-.-A battle",
of flowers.' will -taUe plac.e* b.e,t'ween the Sartt-a- Clara'Col
•lege. and .San- Jose. Artillerymen.- from -the -Presidio iri
Sail- Fran'c'isc,q will maneu'verV- Rival baseball teams'vyill
• contest for glory.' , ."twelve jiahcefs en wild "hbr.ses-wiil
ride as did the vanishing' race-'o.f vaqueros of bid. Many
.a.thlet-ic -sports are" planned.-- '.When the' parade passes- the
women "of-.- Santa, Clara -'Cupiify" will- s.hower those- in line
with the choices* flowers.- ' . .•'.¦'." "." " " .'; ¦
•'"' Never have the conditions been better- for an' abundant
pVoductio.ri.Qf" flowers' in Santa- Clara -County than "they,
are th'is -season. There has.'be'en rain to drench the land
thoroughly. ¦" Much of the" life-giving -moisture: has -fallen
.in" light- shpwers and 'so' has' .been thoroughly absorbed
.an'4 -stored 'awa'y in the soil; the source' of fruitfulness!
Unle"ss all sign's" fail th'e fields "and mountain slope's be
tween-which-the" green valley nestles will 1 bloom like the
- region" of the; .Nilc : fo'r:"sevcrar-montris to. come." "The
glory of flowering ".'Qrcharvls' ;-ill" cfiarm- the eyes of
spectators" and.- stimulate = their-. informed imagination.
"Gardens will- be gay .with a weaith of flowers.- Field
crops will be sturdy and promise" ric'i returns. • '
•The, county," without adventitious, aid. "furnishes what
will seem to -.visitors" frotii' less favored; lands a -bios
-som carnival in; -its'- orchards, ..fields and ' gardens.
The tdurnament with its lavish • use of btossoms will
show how plentiful they really are.- ' The/attention of .all
strangers in San Francisco, when the tournament takes
place, ought to be directed to Sari Jose." No means
should be neglected to have information disseminated as
widely as . possible. No discriminating observer who
shall visit it will be disappointed.
SAN JOSE'S - BLOSSOM TOURNAMENT.
" LAND LAW ' CH ANGES— D. D. " L:,
Healdsburg, Cal. For Information about
changes in the land laws of ths United
States address a letter of inquiry to
the .General" Land- Office, .Washington,
D. C. . " ' '
COAST •- OF ENGLAND-MS. F. M..
City. The' language spoken • on the
coast of England is English, but In each
province there is -a difference In the
pronunciation.- which gives the impres
sion that there are a number 'of dia
lects. -.'•¦•
The . babbler.s in" ttie temple -made with
hands . ' - y-.-..
•-.Sat talking, talking, talking, all the
day, . • .
• Of recti-tude and- justice, arid the way
The" world should walk, • obeying their
commands.
And while the glass . recorded . f-olden
sands, •"
.And shadows lengthened in the busy"
street^ • . :
There -came a .sound of swift, deter
mined- feetj.
And -blows upon the' portal's brazen
bands,
And then -a voice, relentless and elate:
"We care not for your arguments and
creeds, . ''
'We care llot -for .your pity or. your hate,
We" clamor not -for .theories, but deeds;.
Then give of the heart, and ¦ not -the
• head,
Then give. us for 'our toil, not stones, but
bread!" - •
. — April. Readfer Magazine. '
The Cry. of- the Workers.
The, republic of Panama' has placed -its -navy for. sale
in the .world's naval markef. '.Why doesn't 'some shrewd
promoter try to sell the formidable affair' to. Switzerland?
If the little republic be shy. in purchase persuade her that
she'.is .at least as well off- as Russia.- If she can't use her
fighting ships she will at. air events have the satisfaction
of knowing that she has them. • • •' ' .
.EGGS— E. W. R.. City. If you will go.
to the Golden Gate Park, museum and
tb.ere see the professor in charge.of the
ornithological "department you can.ob
tain from him 'all the information you.
may desire In regard to birds' eggs.
BULL. TIGHTING— M. J. K*., Oak
land, Cal. Bull fighting" is recognized a»
a sport in Madrid, Spain, and in soma
of the South American states.
Japan- s Preparedness:
' ' ¦ .Probably: .the. world has never .'seen
.preparation's - tdr a great war carried
on bo quietly" and. secretly; f.a.nd. yet' .so"
.cojppletelv, .as is;.- the. "case- in . Japan's,
ifr-ep'arati'on • to "meet -Ru'ssiia^..--.p"uririg '
"the. : pas.t • few!;, -months'- 1;" have., often)
called to '.'mind an "incident 'of feoirie
•eight .year's -.ago'.-. : ' I was' standing- in •
;ttoe' 'tower : ;of -•¦¦JCa^oya". .Castle: "loofcing.
¦out -Over. the. wide v --pla'in "surrounding'
the b'arrack6:-:-'.i'cQuid.see large'squads
of ¦cavaJry;iharieu> ii ering in. one* direc—
tioft-; Mn-an'ot.iier plslin werei'infaiitry!-
' goiirg- through" air sorts].-.of tactics, 'no.t.
simply'- •ordinary; drill,, but scaling high
wills 9iid'pertor;ming -.variojis'. difficult
.featei". in-- the •" distance .'.another'; squad :
were buiiiling pontoon ' bridges; and,
.as r cast my -eye over .the -field.'" "alive •
in all -.directions with' ;nien " training/
I turned to the' Ja'p'anes'e .officer s'tand.V
ing by my side and remarked: "If.you
keep op." training, as enthuEiastically'as
'this, -you -wili be able. to conquer Rtis
fe'fa by and by'.** The -officer looked, me
•up.and-abwn, as if deliberating wheth
er should 'make "reply, or not, arid
. then, answered In even : more laconic
Japan.e;se. than the English- language:
'permits, "Thsit.is what we intend to
do."- • . - '¦ : ¦ . -..-; ;¦•,
"Spoin." after the China-Japan "War,
when. Japan entered trpah an extensive
plan, of' naval and ¦military -expansion,
the; world said, "She has lost her head.
Her \ictory has puffed her" up; why.
does she" not settle '--down to commer
.ciaj. advancement and educational exi
, pansion, • instead* of wasting, her time
'merely on military. -expansion and go
ing" about with a chip' on her shoul
der?". Tifh« has. proved, the wisdom
of her coursft.' - it would seem that
Japan sawthe future "course of Russia
then as clearly as the world, sees it to
"day. -'Had not. Japan begun." then" her
preparation for the present "situation
she would have "fonnd it impossible
to. meet It in the marvelous way that
she is doing. Careful ' plans for self
defense have been maturing from year
to year, though, of course, ihe past
year has seen the work of prepara
tion carried on muchr more, rapidly
than before. — John L. Dearing, in The
World To-Day for April.
Congressional Seed. Time.
There is a seed time and. harvest at
Washington, arid Just now it is largely
seed time. Nearly every member of
Congress and every -Senator has his
desk piled high with requests for .flow
er and vegetable seeds and all sorts
of vines.- Mr. Galloway, superintendent
of the bureau of plant industry, is Jtusr
now a very busy man. Contrary to
usual belief the Government does not
raise all its own seed on its s own farms
and experiment stations, but purchases
seed by contract. Twelve thousand
packages go to ninety Senators and
15,000 to • 3S6 Congressmen, • with 100
packages of flower seeds thrown in for
good measure. Pink labels indicate the
plain, plebeian vegetable seeds, laven
der labels, the patrician, flower •¦¦¦ seeds
and a third .color for the nursery plants
and vines.
Told in Nasal Circles:* ;
The arnirred cruiser "Argyll. 10,'7O0 j
tons, 21.000. horsepower and 22U -knots |
speed, was launched "at the yard of j
Bo^t * Coli Greenock. on. March 3. This ,
Hhip and ensino building firm 'is the j
oldest in Great IJritain. haying started
2C0 rears as»- I" -£° r > Jt l * T ?? t a slo °P
lor the CritiPh navy* named the Prince.
of V.'aits/. and l f 'C years later -it Uuilt .
the engines for tic" battleship Prince of
Wales, of- 1J.000 horsepower. In *1S1U
Scott &-Co. built the. frigate Greenbck, j
EistT ship to the "Simoon, boltt. at Na-:
pier's. These two shins» were the Tn>t ;
iron hulls constructed for the .-British * (
navy. * '• . c : ;
A floating coal -.depot .-has • been!
launched at the yards 'of Hunt.er &|
Swann, the, noted floating, dock bnild-j
ers. at"Wails'end-on-Tyne. It is intend-:
ed for coaling .shfps . under .favorable i
conditions \vhen the* vessels .are 'unable
to lie alongside a dockyard for -want "of
space or other causes.' T.his' flo'ating
coal depot has a .total capacity; of -12,000 j'
tens, of which 11.000 -tons-is carried In]
hoppers" anU 1000 t.ons-. in- bags. .It- is; '
fitted w ith twelve Teniperly- ti'arispor.t-",
ers manipulated, by ele'.ctric"' machinery.
end the hoppgrs ;haye f .. thirty- ' coal
chutes. .- .- '¦••"..•. " .
The. Admiralty circular regarding the.
premium system introduced .in. the. Brit
ish dockyards explains, the workings i'n
detail.. The value of a '".premium, hour'.'
is equal to x>ne-f«rty r e:ghth, part of -a'
week's wages. Thus if forty-eight
hours given to a job is finished "in thl.F
ty-six hours the workman is entitled to
nine '•premium hours^' If his weekly'
earnings amount to $3 his extra pay is
thus increased by a bonus of-Jl-6S. The
itme allowance for a job includes ob
taining tools and material, . preparing
machine, lifting and setting work in. or.
on the machine, change 6f tools and re
moving completed work. This •premium
system Is first to be tried in the. ma
chine shops,. and if found to work" ad-,
vantageously to both parties' will be ex
tended to other operations in the yards.
The armored cruiser Devonshire, iO,
700 tons, 21,000 horsepower, ' was laid
down at Chatham dockyard -March 25, |
1902. and is to be launched April 30.
F.fforts are being made to have- the. ship
completed within three. years after -the
keel was laid. •. . ' '•• . ¦
One marked point of advantage .which
the two recently purchased ¦ Chilean
battleships possess is their height of.
irun plate form as compared with other
Fhlps of that class. The Triumph and
Swiftsure. as .they have been named'
Finte bought by England, carry their
bow guns twenty-five feet above water,
which* is the same height as in., the
latest class of British battleships:' .The
after barbette guns are one foot higher
than in the King Edward VII -class," •
the fourteen seven and a half inch gun's
in broadside, throwing' a 200-pound!
shPll. are placed five and a half inches
higher than the ten six-inch b.rbardsi-de"
g:uns, firing 100-pound shells,' in" the"
King Edward class. . . '¦" .*'•
The French armored cruiser Glolre
has succeeded in steaming. -21.3" knots
with 21,400 horsepower under force.*
draught. Under natural draught the.
epeed was 19.3 knots, with 14,400 horse
power. The reconstructed battleship
Marceau, built in 1SS7, made 16.5 knots
in her recent trial . under forced
draught. The new armored cruiser
Conde. 10,000 tons, calculated to steam-
Tl knots under full power, reached only.
16.4 knots with 13,500 horsepower under
natural draught, or 2.9 knots less than
her sister ship, the Gloire.
The French armored cruiser 'Leon
Gambetta. 12.416 tons.' 27,000 horsepower
and a calculated speed of 22 knots, came
to grief on March 1 while going through
her thirty-six hours* steam- trial .near
Iirest. The ship ran on the' "bla.ck
locks." causing a sorious leak . 'ar. J
twisting: her propeller shafts, necessi
tatir.g returning to the dockyard;
The Belier, French torpedo-boat de-
Ffioyer. has made an unusually suc
cessful steam trial. The average speetf
during four hours was 29.5 knots, going
rs high as 30.2 and never falling below
2S knots. The contract' "guaranteed 28
knots. .
Germany is not taking much interest
Jn submarine bbatn. In 1890. two Nor
denfcldt boats were built at Kiel aiul
D&ntzig, but are useless at present. In
1902 another boat was bul't with indif
ferent result, and at the present time
two are buildine at Kiel,, both on a
modified plan of the Holland boats
built for the United States navy."
A general staff has been organ! rd
in th* CernoAn navy- Its . chief is
Vice Admiral Buchsel, who Is to be
nsslsted by eleven high rank officers,
twenty-one commanders and- tyelv«»
lieutenant commanders. Twenty-six
out of this total of forty-five are to
be attached Cb the headauarters at
Berlin-
Admiral Tirpitz, German Minister
of Marine, declares- that the naval ad
vissrs of the Government have but
Fmall faith in the value of torpedo
boats as a factor in naval warfare.
The successes of the Japanese were
obtained, he contends, under condi
tions which m.ade a fair test impos
sible and these successes were acci
dental and without significance. Ger
many, he says, will go on building
battlerhips and cruisers, but will not
incur additional expense in increasing
hor torpcrto Ilotilla.
Th« difficulties attending the build-
i~:r of the <lrydock nt Mare Island
hnve reached such a stage as to com
pel the Navy Department to cancel
"POULTRY— J. B.; " Freestone/ CaL
Poultry to the value o£. $25 Is exempt
from execution in California. "*>';>
• r Ansiver's to Queries.
The Russian * stranded battleship .
Retvizan is ca?led aftera Swedish bat- •
tleship of sixty-four guns which
was captured by "the Russians at the
battle of Wibor'g in. 1790. The word
Retvizan means "Justice. 1 *.
The Retvicatu
cast at' any rate an,hpnest vote, for the
original Australian ballot system is not
corrupted. . . #
"You talk about hard luck stories,
but this one wins the palm over any
experiences I ever ran across in the
newspaper business," quoth a veteran
reporter at the Press Club.
"One wintry morning, with the rain
in sheets and the wind a gale," con
tinued the storyteller, "I was dragged
out of bed at 7 o'clock, just three hburs
after I had finished a stiff day's work.
The message from the city editor said
a land feud had broken out on the So
brante, the scene of many bloody
crimes, over in .Contra Costa County.
Homes had been burned and the people
were, in a tumult of excitement over
much shooting and incendiarism. .All
of which looked fike a big story«
"Well, I got a double team at Oak
land and headed into the hills for Mo
raga Valley, the scene of these wild'oc
currences. As the • day wore on I.
plowed through Redwood Canyon, mud
to the hubs, the horses fatigued and I
drenched, and cold and still miles from
the valley.- - * •.
"Along about noon I came to a squat
ter's cabin off. the road "in the canyon.'
A man on horseback had just stopped
there. Hailing him I asked how much
farther my road led me to roach Mo
raga Valley and I casually' mentioned
that there were hot times in sight." He'
turned on me and. asked ro.e what was
doing. I told .him again briefly the
tale of murder. • -.
- " 'Young mail,' he said; rather -quiz
zically, 'your story is true as gospel,
but what you have said, occurred Just
eix months ago. There hasn't, been '.a
leaf 8tir hardly fn the Sobranie -since.
then.' • ' '.. .
"With a weary sigh of relief I turned
my" team about an«3 headed for -home.
And. all I got. for my* pains was a cuss
ing from the city editor because the.
story didn't pan out." .-; '^ ;• '•-.'
His Luck.
many have reasons withour*plans for them.
In all' the discussion we have -heard nothing about a
diversion of the river above Sacramento that will, take
all the spill and drainage on. its west side from : such
natural reservoir as the Yolo basin ard c-irry it through
the low country. into Suisun Bay. . We. don 7 t • know
whether there is fall enough norwhaf the cost would be
compared with that of the Montezuma canal;. It may
have, been engineered already, but if' so. it has escaped
our/attention.' -With only the. most casual- knowledge of
the conditions below Rio'Vistd we areuhabje to -.see how
that ; -.stricture; can be .corrected to make it adequate for
carrying the enormous-.volume of water. that has caused
•the .recent .losses/- 'If', the flood- waters- above "the- con
.fluence'.qf/the'American River. could all be diyerted.into
.a! gceat^chanhel,; .taken from- the river- entirely'.ari.d-car
ried through the- low ...land into- Suisun. Bay.,\that:' channel
-vyb.uld :'perlorrri v ' exactly."'tne- iame-.'fun'ctibn-; 4s..tjie/gfeaf
bayous.-;of- the!- lower: reaches. -of •' "the. ¦Jklfssissip.pi;' which'
make New; -Orleans.;' safe- b)r ' diverting. i the flob.ds"
; ihat'.c6nf)e dowri'irpm the' ;yast- watershed pi 'that ¦.•stream?
•; We are .'not, '".howeV.er;:;pr6p6sing .any plan. -That'-, is for : .
the .engineer?, and 'tho's'e.,to' consider' if are' the men : an.d
the interests. "in- : Sacram.enfo' an"d Stockton, that flinch-up
'derthe losses of the.- last". months T.hese "may .be' .sure
that ' given the .same ' rainfall, and the same obstruction -tp
its., runoff, .they ;wilt get. .the .same 'losses, repeated on # a*.
greater ' scale .'-corresponding, to ' the .length : of.' time in
whTch-^they en-joy immuriity.1 . • .-•¦- '.- "' *. .." ; " ' ' .
"There 'will -be "a. disposition^ to invoke. publjc:assist
arice;by -\yay- of appropriations. i'As'.to-th'is'. it.in^y'be
¦said that ]the Federal Government, spends millions "on'the
•Missrssippi River; -by "a Federal cqmmissidn; '.in.'- levees
and other .engineering "devices, in .order to save the cot-'
ton", cane,. to"bacco and. rice plantations from destruction/
and ..there is no reason why a 'much less", expe'ndfture
s'Kould hot be made for a. jike^ purpose pn : - the Sacra
mento and San Joaquin. >Of course 'if! adequate • remedy"
can be found 'within the capacity of t.he'land owners it
wilj .be more quickly- and usefully applied by them:- All
this must:be determined by getting together and talking
it over. Therefore those; interested should get together,
at once; '.'•". ... •¦' • : : •-.-. .' ¦¦'. '¦¦..'.' . •' •". .
ry^HE flooding- of; rich and valuable [lands in the flat
I country where the water levels. of the Sncrssnento
* and Sa:i Jor.cjuiti and other smaller rivers .meet,*
makes ar. acute i.-si:c of liucnl control. : The submerged
lands whether '¦ islands' or on the -mainland, have 3 been;
protected for development bjKleyccs^jThese/: except -JlT
some cases 611 the south side-of-the f.Sah JoaquinllhaVe^
proved inadequate and great-loss lias, resulted. The
drainage of the Sacramento.' hasj overflowed into£tliat^Of.
the San Joaquin, and the grea t ervTaind^lesser floods|liave~
united in a mission of destruction.
Among important industries -affected the asparagus; in-,
tcrest has suffered the worsts^^ : - Plantations Xwhicli^ have
yielded half -the pack of that vegetable for'rthe^annenes.
arc destroyed and the season's output will be/so, abridged
that our asparagus market,;'which is' largely;; in? Europe,'
will be diverted efsewhere/for.'a supply,; andj Svhen-'jhe
plantations are -restored/the- market will ; have : to be' re
covered.. The flooded lands .-'also yield '.a -considerable
part .of our potato, supply and the -price of that vegetable
will be affectetf by the loss.:.;^;^ ('• • •'^^•'^.'•¦¦S"^:
• The interests concerned, direct and collateral, are try
ing/to get", together, to . adopt} some plan that will pre
serve the navigability,- of the Sacramento and San Joa
guin and at the'same time correct their drainage capa
city;'-Two important- commercial cities arc concerned in
this,' Sacramento and Stockton. Some of the plans pro
posed to correct the Sacramento are objected to on the
ground that they will impair the navigability of the San
joaquin, which of course is injurious to Stockton and
perhaps to the impregnable reclamations on the south
tide of the San Joaquin. . . •¦ c. . .' •
.The engorgement of the'Sacramento is said to be be
low Rio Vista and various plans' have been suggested to
correct it.- The senior- of these propositions. 'is for a
canal through the Montezuma hills. ¦ This was, we be
lieve, first proposed by General Green of Colusa,' who'
has been an observer of the river from, the earliest set
tlement of its valley and is a capable engineer. Subse
quent study has led him to abandon the Montezuma. ca
nal, because the fall. at its lower end is insufficient to
.effect its purpose. Yet. all of the water that overflows
the levees on the west side of the river and. all of the
drainage from that side is forced back into the river by
the Montezuma hills, to be backed up by the stricture,
south of Rid Vista. All plans end in this,- that that ob
struction must be in sonic way corrected.
..To the end that something may' be done and' that a
waste of words may not be added to a waste of water it
is proposed that a convention of all interests be held to
organize for effectuating sortie plan. It., is : true that'
many years may go by without another flood like the
present. But that will only add to. the' loss when .it
comes, as it surely will. With a v -nse of security bred
in long immunity, the value of Improvements increases
and. the risk rises. At present this water question is in
the air. Man3 r have plans withevt reasons for them and
..The charge' of mutiny against six
teen sailors of the. U. S. S. Nina, sta
tioned at San Juan, Porto Rico, has
been- dismissed' and. the crew has had
.Commander W.-G". Cutter arrested and
held- on a charge of illegally depriv
ing .the' men- of their liberty and
"threatening j them with deadly wea
pons.' 'The story is briefly that the
Nina was loaned to the Porto Rico
lighthouse board, arriving at San
Juan last December with a crew whose
term of "enlistment had nearly ex
pired.. . The men claim, and so proved
before the .commissioner, that they
were induced' to sign a paper which
they were told- by. the captain was only
a signature for. pay,- but which proved
•to- be' an enlistment for one year in
the navy: When. the. Xina_ was or
dered ' to Pensacola the^ crew refused
to work and were then driven to the
naval ' barracks at the point of bayo
nets and locked, up. A. hearing before
a United States commissioner, brought
but the fact that the crew had been
deceived. and Cutter Was. made to give
$1000 bond for his appearance to an
swer .the. .charges of shanghaiing.-.
• Another evidence f>f the necessity
of establishing some; consistent and
rational pay for officers in the navy
has been presented by Civil Engineer'
Asserson. He was retired January 5,
190.1, by reason of age, and went on
the retired list with tTre rank of rear
admiral, a-nd pay of $4125. He milde
implication for active service and. as
the. navy was short of civil engineers
he -was. kept at the' Brooklyn. -navy
yard. at his former duty. When pay
day came around Asserson found that
he was losing mo'ney by this new.ar
rangement-and that he was receiving
only $291 67 a. month — the active.
duty .pay of a .civil 'engineer of. over
twenty years' service — Awhile his..re
tired- pay 'as -a" 'rear admiral-was
$3*4 3 7.5 .'a month- for doing, nothing,
raaking a.' sacrifice ,ot 1625 a-- year.
Mr. Ass.erson appealed to Congress for
relief and. a favorable report has been
made by the Naval Committee. ' It. is
•one iif- -many .'instances, where .rank,
par "and- .duty -do. not '• harrnoriize and
at counts for the' fact, that retired, of
ficers, are unwilling to accept active
'duty at' a" .motley." sacrifice.. - . }.. :
•the contract, whicji was let July 15,
J899. The time of completion was
about thirty-two months, but owing
<o natural difficulties and other Qause3
the work is only about one-fifth com
! j>!eted. Some months ago the coffer
dam tumbled in and the civil engin
j eer reports that for many months no
progress has been made by the con
tractors. The same firm had its con
tract for the League Island drydoek
canceled after more tha» two years'
vain"efforts to do the work. /The dock
v.-as provided for in July. 1S9S; a can
ceJlatian of the contract will compel
the- Navy Department to readvertise
i tor bids or have the work* done by the
j department of yards/and docks'. SVhut
j ever dec,isSon is.ma/le. the dock can
not be completed [within lwo years
from date, under trie most^ favorable
conditions, making i\ total period of
construction of 'not |less than seven
years for that which icould and should
have been done in atiout two' years. •
cause. ' . :'X-7.-;:r/- .; .
Congestion of a population of poor people in our
great (citie^is.^a problem:^ It : represents that progressive
Tise|.iinui^^populati6n|that is disclosed by each cen
;sus^Nea rly^ohe^third/oif; : oiir population is in cities. " An
jexanto^^ shows that this • ur
ban JcbngesUoiif is^ot'accoimtcdfor by the lapse 1 of our
native 7 jpopulalion^to^tlte^itie's. It is due to the endr
nious 'foreign' immigration? which : persists in remaining in
cities/Uivin^to'gcthdr^ permanently foreign
cqmmmiHics^ language is not spoken.
.This- foreign increment o£/cours'e' crowds the native pop
ulation?bf/cities.'a'nd',by?competing. with it decreases its
"chances for prising 1 above dependence; • ;* - ;
j^The': mbstjthat could be hoped for from this coloniza
tion^scbeme^iybuld be the transfer in the course of years
'.of : :& few. hundred thousand from the cities to' the coun
try^ But" .while.; this is going on the congestion is in
creased, by the addition of a million immigrants *a year
to our. population, the most of whom stay in cities and
in clans by themselves. • In. this' view it will be vain to
withdraw one from a city to the country at Government
expense when the Government by its immigration law.s'
admits for the one so transferred ten fresh immigrants,
for that is about the proportion in which the pro'cess
would proceed. The ten will become twenty when it is
known that the Government is furnishing money and
land, and the bill would be found to enormously in
crease the evil it is intended to abolish, as long as our
ports are open to all comers from every country who
can show the few dollars required as a guarantee that
they will not immediately become objects of charity.
•This measure should .be considered not from the senti
mental side alone. From .that side it "does' its projector
infinite credit and we do not 'w'holly impeach it from a
practical standpoint. 'But. -it must be -examined very,
carefully, for its* utility* is. doifbtful unless it be accom
panied by a drastic, measure cutting immigration down to
a minimum. " . .\ • •' •• ' -. ¦
tioh'law. Before judgment can be passed upon it the
;evii;it ii to cure:xiitist;be '.examined in regard to its
CONTROLLING THE tFLGODS^
THE SAN • FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, • APRIL 1, X9o£
TfiE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHfrD. SPRECKELS> Frnprietor . .i$l£^?^^
Publication Offlco • '^*^^^^^^^Tr'-'^- -'-''""- 'r'~'.r'r--:- ~ ~:-?* xir '* ** n< J Market Streets, S. P.
17D 1T\ \ V --"¦ v: '•¦•¦ •" • " .:•.¦-•.¦ • ,"..'.- • : . ' ApRIt' T '¦ TOO V
1 KlUAl d. • • ••^•••••••¦•••¦••••••••ii> *,* * • • •• *.*.*.*'*.**.** ** *** * * * *• * • •*»**>***-.*• J V L 4
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESPolice!" Accnscd '.-of- : XegHscnee.
.- Chief Wittman. ft fhakihg a ihqrough
Investigation Into, the.'.reastm whsr-ilje
burglars who" "en'te'red.. 'the; saloon . p.t
D.'E. Collins, Firstjand Missionist"r.©etV.'.
QA" the" night "of 'March" 21 : \v'ore n6t djsv,
covered; by" the . 'regular;, officers . • aiid
special."officers on .the beat- "So. miich
stock was' stolen, that, if was generally
: thought xt': wagon : had been." u"s;ed.. td
carry it away an.d.besides a ladder wajj 1
carried inofe; than" haft -a block- wjth
which-' t^'obtain "an "entrance'- through
¦thef.. "transom" of -tile;- iFirst7^tr.eet- .door.]
Pollccrn.an Es W,."' Gardiner, who" had;
ihe". Mission-street;-. beat, iiaS- b.e'en- fe-'
moved . and. '. .sent;; " elsewhef e-. and " P.q>
llceitian. Harry ' Crowley- has- taken "his 1
place.;- '-Besides^.the regular ' officers : =pn
Mission and "'.First" " streets there-are"
two. special offlcers: ¦¦¦ •• -.-• •;•. ¦" ¦' . . ; •• ..".-."- =
Y. 3f.. C..-A. Boys' Canip.
. The, boys'- department of the-; Youn-ff
Men's. ".Christian Association. will -hold
its camp reunion dolicert : in th^ Audi
torium, Mason and Ellis-.. streets," this
evening at- 8 o'clock.- ." The jj proceeds
of .this entertainment wilL go toward
the. expenses of;a*camp .maintained
each year -by -the association for the"
boys of the* junior department. ' Th.is Is
one bf the most practical works of this
lnstitutloru At the close of" the pro
gramme an illustrated talk will be
given on '.'Life at Camp McCoy.'.' . •
Will Describe' Missionary Work.
Horace. W. Hoiilding, a well-known
missionary, whose, field" is in China,
will speak of his 'work at an all-day
missionary meeting in the. Howard
street Methodist -Episcopal Church to
morrow at 10 ©'clock in the morn
insr. at 2 o'clock in the afternoon and
7:30 o'clock in the- evening.
Saloon Entered by Burglar.
Daniel Gronln, saloonkeeper. Twen
ty-second and Kentucky streets, re
ported to the police yesterday that his
saloon had been visited by a burglar
during the night and 118 in silver stolen
from a tobacco . bag which had- been
hidden under the ice chest at the end
of the bar/ It is supposed' jthe" thief
concealed himself In a closet in a back
room, as the 'door of this room; which
leads into the barroom, had been forced
open. .. ' " . ;:••.
Seventh Lane Lecture.
¦ Dr. Driersbach Smith of the faculty of
Cooper Medical College will lecture to
night on .the subject of "The Alcohofi.c
Habit, from- an Alienist's Standpoint."
This will be the seventh' lecture of the
Lane lecture course and will be given
in the Cooper College Auditorium. V .•¦
Hlsli Over All.
From -the moment- the "California
Limited" leaves (' San . Francisco ' until f it
arrives .In Chicago, '2000 . miles ;^ away,
every moment has ! some "added pleasure
for the passengers.
"Have you , ever ¦ madte the . trip . some
other way r' asks one. ' . - . -
• ¦ "Yes.'-'-is the prompt answer,, "and that
is why I now. go Santii Fe. The 'Califor
nia Limited'^ stands high over all!" :*-
. If Interested in a trip to the Av"orld's
Fair,' ask ; about T lt at " 641 ¦ Market -; street,
Sao- Francisco. The Santa Fe is the Best
Wayf .;;¦¦. •':/"." V' "¦ \ ./•.'. ¦ ¦•¦.-
military bands, camels, another band,
more dens of wild beasts. and all the
• kj.hahts -and .-PtocK-.. horses of the.
show. "• . '•*¦' " .'•• ¦'• ¦
Xorris &. Howe's ' circus will give "a
night street • display 'to-night at 7 :"-30.;
starling from- the 'Mechanics' PavilionJ
Th^.v w ill procelMi down 'Market, street
to Kearny. along that street to- Bush;,
up Bush to Grant avenue'.". down Grant
n venue to Market and back- up Mar
ket to the Pavilion." .Heading the pa
rade will be fix mounted police in "full
uniform. Then will- .'come', the lady
nnd gentlemen- riders, juvenile.' riders,
rlowh band, open dens of wild beasts,'
Shetland ponies, llarhas • • in harness,-
Circus. Parade T6-N"iglit
.. WiUiain Graves. of New Yojrk : , general
rriana'ger.' of ihfe.D.iarhorid Match .Corn^
patiy; arid vice- prcsideht of the Butte
Courii>v"Rariroad ComFrahy, accornpan
i^d. by -'¦¦ F. M. "'.'Glough of <:\ii.c.o. geAeraV
manafjcr : qf'. the railroad, J: ' B v - :R6brn-.
BOXW'lti chi.of .engineer, and .,V. W, Johes r
< hief '¦ counsel' -for the. rr»atch: : compariV
a;;d .tho" railroad on this codst t arrived
at the Palace-yesterday. •'.-'."••¦. "i- 1 -
In discuipslpg the. fiffairs of the Butte
County. 'Railfoad,- General. Manager
Ckrjgh said i that'. t.;he- last fails of the
thirtyytwo' -'rniles .' o.f "road connecting
Chi co 1 ah.d Siirli'ng .Svill be • laid to-day
and. Jhe .first, trains., will be -run.'. over
the -cntfre lengtti of th.e line to-rnbrrow.'
Continuing?:." Mr. Clouph -stated .th'a»the
Diariio'nd'Ma.tch"-Gprnpany expects to
have; ijTSvlije sa\y ' friill at'-^tirUng ¦ riiri
ninp on- Ju.Iy/1. ." The"- Butte -Coiunty.
road Ms-" considered . one of ." .the best
equipped ¦.lines "in: this 'State;. ' -Its rollirig
Ftwk ."is /of- ;the .most" improved type,,
the. cs.rp \v.ith. which^it; purposes, to :in
auRurat^'it?" nevi;-.st?rYic« beingf; of ¦ the
PuRrrian "pet-tern" -and h-aviri^.'.obseri-a.
tion'r^iartforms -'on.':"the -reiar. .'.'By .the
first -.of May" the company will h.aye a
i?onpecti6n' as f ar- as : Prattvrile', ';
thirjty-t\yo miles "n.orthe'ast of; Stirling*
it was adrcltted . yesterday" thajt' the
road is" to .'be .gradually. .eifended in. a',
northerly- direction. The.;flrst twenty
trdles a re "already pa'yfnR e.xpenses. •"
l)utnibnd ¦ Slatrii Company Kx|M?cts' .to
Jinvc |Jfts Big 5IIH Oporatinsr <on ¦: . :
':;:-K ; .\ v --':'. ; .";i'lr^t of Julj;. . .. '<£• \': s -
TQ STIltLIXG ¦ ; : ;
¦A\ii,L ¦ bi^ /.rrvtsiiEix ; to-dav
NEW YORK, March 31.— The fol
lowing Californiaris have arrived:
•" ' From San Francisco—^-A. A. Four
nier, at . the St.- George; Mrs, J. W.
Good, at. the- Savoy; j Mrs. M/ B. Har
ttori, at the Victoria;; H.C Keith,, at
the. .St.. George;" Ri Knapp.and wife,
at.theVendome; ; H. Lorringt9n, at the
Rbssmore; • J. Q'.Sullivari, at the- Astor;-
H;. S. Simpson, at. the Vendome; C. T.
Bowers, at the -Broadway Central; C.
B. Browh, at the. Imperial; A. Cham
bers arid D,. Chanlbers,.atthe Broad
way Central; C. Bach and- wife, d.t the
Union Square; A". E. Koeser. at the St.
Denis. •' "' " "• "... ' . . . " • ' • •
Cnlifornians In New York.
X.OS ANGELES, March 31.— A syndi
cate of wealthy property owners inter
ested in the business section in the
neighborhood of the" courthouse have
sent Attorney John G. Mott to Wash
ington ; to offer to the : United States
Government a free site for the million
dollar postoffice for which an appror
priation has been made.
For 'more than two years the Los An
geles postoffice has occupied temporary
quarters as the result of a. wrangle'
over a site. The- Government con
demned a block of property adjoining
the old site, but : the legality of the
proceedings was" successfully attacked.
Since then various proceedings have
been Instituted. In order to- prevent
the placing of . the proposed, building
near the southern limits of the busi
ness center, the syndicate will offer
the property known . as the Downey
block at Temple and Spring streets
free to the Government and will pay
for it and for the removal of present
buildings by mutual assessments. The
scheme would involve - an expenditure
of something like $490,000, but the plan
will be vigorously opposed by owners
of property in other sections of the
business part of the city. . ;.;
Sjerlal Dispatch to The Call.
-\yiLL RENDER- SWEET 3tUSIC.
• ' First English Lutheran-^-Moxn-ing/ ser
.yic&at 11 o'clock:. Anthem, "O Day of
Penitence" \(Ch'. 'Gounod); chant', '-'He
"Was. Despised" (Felton);' anthem, "O
Saving .Victim" (Ch.'Gounod); anthem,
"Beside, the Cross" ("The Seven Last
Words"), .'(Th: • Dubols) ; serhioh,.."Gol
gpthaJ'- During offertory, "There Is a
Greefr Hill- Far A>'.ay"-' (M. .A. Fyfe>;
service .preparatory to communion- oil
Easter Sunday, hymns .243, 25J, 25ff.'. '
"St. John the Evangelist Episcopal
'Church— At ¦¦ 7 : 45. p. • in. : Organ .prelude ;
"pr0.cesslQn.al, "Go to Dark. Gethsemane"
(Redhead); Magnificat :and Nun.c
Dlrnittus, .Gregorian; anthem, -."O. Sav
ing: .yictim" (Gounod)-, "male" chorus;
hymn, "When I survey ithe wondrous
Ci-oss" (Miller).; offertory, "Seek Ye the
Lord" " : (Roberts), ' full ' bholr 'i of. fifty
voices'; w.ith tenor, obligato by'.R.-. H.
.Hunt;- -hymn, ""Our -Blest Redeemer"
(Dykes)-; apostolic "rite of-conflrmation,
a'drnjiiistered by the" Right Rev.-Wir
]fam '.F.-. Nichols,' Bishop of California;
benediction; "The. Story of' the CrOss"
•CJ. .Vv Roberts);, soprano solos— Master
Harry tholes and Master Sylvester Hal
lowell;, tenor solos— Messrs." A; E. . Mc»
Miliah and Thomas Alexander; . bass
solos— Messrs. Wilford; Glenn and J>.
M. Wartle;' recessional, '..'In the Cross"
of Christ" (Conkey) ; organ 'postlude. =
Notre. Dame des Victoiries— At i7:45
p." m. the double, quartet will -render
several: numbers from the . "Stabat.
Mat.er" of Rossini and. the well-.known
service of Theo.'Duboisv • •' . x *
•Good Friday; the" day of mourning of
Christian yea^ will be- observed as
usual' with solemn services in the'.city
.c.hu'rches,' particularly -"fn" the Roman
Catholic and ' Protestant. Episcopal".. In
.the Catholic churches the .way of the
'cross' wilL take place Vand in the Epis
copal churches the usual- three hours
.of agony service will be held. "In" the
evening solemn • music, appropriate to
¦the occasion .will be rendered in many
churches.'.^, ".' ... . ,^jnr r '-'-.¦ . - <
At. Trinity. Episcopal Church. Gough
and Bush streets, services .will be. held
' this: morning at 11 o'clock. The rector,
Rev. -Dr. Clampett; will officiate. He
•'Will be assisted" by "RevI A. : J. O'Meara,
DID:'. " • .- " ¦..•¦• > .
'••.The. service of the three hours .° at
¦Sti -Luke's will be. from npori until .. 3
•o'clock, and "at -4.: 30 .Bishop Nicliols will
• deliver, an* addressi ._ .;•'¦•"• ,' -.'• '
'.-•At. St. Mary's Cathedral' the 'solemn
rfte.s in commemoration of the death. of
-.our' Savior will begin at ? o'clock. The
.Way of -the Cross -will* .take place' at
3 o'clock and- again at 8 -.o'clock/ with
•sermon on each occasion on- the ."Pas
•sron-of Our Lord."' • . • .' . V-^i.
"The Rev." David yJv. Evans,, the new
rector of Grace. Church, who arrived In
.ihe-city- Wednesday] morning: from the
East, attended.the evensong servic-sat
Trinity. Church. ¦¦ -.. ' • V •
At St. vLuke'.s' Church the Rev. Burr
Miller "Weedeni the. rector, conducted
the ..usual communion service . at 11
o'clock in the morning and the evensong
service at -'4: 20. ", . ' -= ¦ ' .. ' "
• There was" a service In the morning
at Grace Church. . • :'.'." ; '.,
.' ¦" GOOD FRIDAY SERVICES
'Holy Thursday was generally ob
served in the city yesterday and the
worshipers at- the Episcopal and Ro
man Catholic churches were numerous.
At St. Mary's Cathedral St. Joseph's
altar was exquisitely decorated with
flowers and a myriad of lights illumi
nated the altar.
At 10 o'clock In the morning solemn
pontifical mass was celebrated by his
Grace Archbishop Montgomery, who
was assisted by the Very Rev, Father
Prendergast, vicar general. ¦ The Rev.
Father Ramm was deacon and the Rev.
Father Dempsey sub-deacon and the
Rev; Father Mulligan master of cere
monies.
His Grace Archbishop Riordan was
in the sanctuary during the impres
sive service, attended by the Rev. Fath
er H. Lagan and the Rev. Father M.
Connelly, deaefns of honor! A number
of priests of the different parishes of
the city were present.
' There was a full choir under the di
rection of Robert Harrison, the organ
ist, and the sacred music was beauti
tully rendered. In the evening Arch
bishop Montgomery delivered a sermon
on the Blessed Eucharist.
At .Trinity Church in the afternoon
there was a large congregation at -?ven
song, the ; service being conducted by
the Rev. Dr. Clampett, the rector, as
sisted by the Rev. Dr. A. J. O'Meara.
There was also a service in the evening
at Trinity.-.- \ •
Episcopalians and Catholics
Will Gather Before Their
Altars in Pensive Prayer
Lively Protest Now Expected
From Persons Who Htive
Land in Other Sections
O00D FRIDAY SERVICES
EvenlDir. 7:45 o'clock-rOrzan. prelude, "Ho
•anna" (Wach«): anthem. "They Have Tak«!n
Away My Lord" (Stalner);- Invocation": hymn
6T, "All Hall the Power of Jesus' Nanvs";
reading of Scripture; chorus, '"ChrUt Being
Raised FVom the Dead" (Elvey) ; prarer; hyrnn
<S "Come Sound His Praise": offertory.. *Th<»
Kaster Ftory" CSheppard): -Uwf address; hymn
53. "Ansel Voices": Benediction; orsran po«t
lu<!e "Grand Chcc«r" t ln D minor (Gullmant).
ThV choir— Mrs. A. T". Fletcher. Mm. John
W. Mtdden. Mrs. C. C. Younr. Miss Edna
Dahl. Ml»s Lillian Cheffeni. Miss Mabel F.
Gorton. Mi*s Louise Hayw. Mr». Robert
Uoyd. Arthur D. Buckler. FU* W..Guerln
Dr A. A. Arboga*t, Oscar Williams, Fre3
Clarke. Carl Auerbach: William F. Hooke
orp»nl*t. Robert Lloyd director
First English Lutheran — Morning service and
communion at 11 -o'clock. Anthem, '¦•This Is
the Day" (KetWbey): offertory. "Wherefore God
AUo Hath Highly Eocalted Him" (Dachauer):
Harmon. "Eaftcr a Power Among Men ; hymns
2<;i "06 322 329. Evening nervlce at 7:45
o'clock. 'Anthem. "Lord. Jesus. Thou to All"
(Gounod): offertory. "Awake Thou That Sleen
«-«t" (Maker): eermon, "Peter and Jchn at the.
Open Sepulchre." ' •
St John the Evangelist— Mornlrg. IT o'clock:
Organ "FestU'al Prelude" (Dudley Buck); pro
crM<jonj.l. "ChrUt the Lord Is Risen -To-day"
(Rlmbault): lntroiU "Anp«-l>i Roll thfe Rock
Away" (Koper); K>-rle In E flat (Crulkshank);
Gloria Tlbi (Woodward): Nlcene Creed (Cruik
fhaik): hymn, "Jcsub Christ Is Rinen To-day";
« ffertory anthem. "The Lord Liveth'; <Mar
chant);-fcj-mn, "Lift Up Your Voices # Now".
(Naylor); Sanctus (Crulkshanfc); Benedictus
<CruIlc?hank); . hymn. "At. the Lamb's .High
Feast We 8Inr" (Elv«^'): Agnus Del (Crulk
rhank); Gloria In ExeelBls (Cruikxhank); Nunc
Dimlttus <Dlow); recessional, "The Strife Is
• California-street Methodist Episcopal Church
.-^-Pastor; , Rcy. ' Clarence Reed. . Service; 1 1
av",m.- .Organ-' prelude; "^Hallelujah". (Handrf);
prayer; : .antbem. "£,tTt l*i> .Your ; Heads, p -'Ye
Gate«',V <HoTtkins);'. lpsnon;- .edlb^ VHoianna".
(GranlPr)i : 'Miss LoulsevBtnith;- offertory. :organ,
"."Le "-Cyi:fiei"..- The- Swan (Saint SaenK);.- an
them, "1 lAnv.lle' That Liveth" (Simper): or
ga.n postlude, -"Coronation, March" (Svendjen).
J. II. Hallowpll. organist. -.At 7;30.p: ra. there
will t> a. -noecial concert -by Charles E. Rob
son's- orchestra, arfier' which. "'the annual ch.ll-'
'dren's service". will taka place. .* " . ' ¦
• Howard 'Prejibyterlaa Church,- Oak- and
Bcker streets. • Rev. John S. Thomas, nautor—
Morning, 11' o'clock," organ prelude, "Hallelu
jah Chorus." • from "The Messiah" <Handel):
.Doxology- and Invocation: baas «olo, "Hosanna"
(Granler): kymn W, "Crown" Him With Many
Crowns": responsive reading: anthem, "Why
6eek the Living Amonar the Dead" (Hopkins) ;'
reading «f Scripture; chorus, "God Hath Ap
pointed a Day" (Toun); prayer: hymn. 100,
"Christ the Lord Is Risen"; offertorr, "Ust,
th* Cherubic Host" (Gaul); the sermon: hymn
10-1. "The Day of Resurrection": Benediction;
organ portlude. "El Resurrexlt," from "First
Mass" (Mozart).
"Christ .Has "Wpn the Vlttbry" ( Hawley) ; bass
solo," "The Resurrection"" (Shelley.) ; tenor eolo,'
'.•Allelulla, Christ. .!» -Klsen'r - (Shelley); 'so
rrano, p'olo,-/'My';"Redeen>«r. and-. My : Lo'rd'"
(.Buc'k)-;...'fcfffrlory. -for 'violin, -.violoncello and
orpanv ""AndSntino*" .(ElgarJ; anthefli,"'-'.ilpsur
rrctlon":. c Wiezand) ;--'.-organ, ". .wostlU(I«.-" ' -'"Tr!
•uniph'al "Marth;*. ¦ iSillHyan).' Choir-^MiM Beu
lafeh George;' napraho; 3Iiss-:.MIgnon.' '-Judsoji.'
contralto;' W.- IJ-. .Anthony,- t*nqr;-.<X.^L. Flrer
bauch, .basso,' assisted '-by Sirs'. . Gruenhagen-
Gwyiini. violin';. J.-./i.'Gwynii,' violoncello; pro
fessor. .Qtto " Fleissn.er, Drganlst- luia choirmas
ter^ • : -. :•-¦-¦:.•¦ .'..,,-•:•.;•.--•-.¦ , /
-First- l*i esbyterian' Church, Van Nees; avenue
and Eacrameiito- Etreet^-Rev. ' William.' Kirk
Gu'thrle; ¦ pastor. Morning-^Orgaa ¦ prelude,"
"Andante" . (Beethoven); anthem. "WeUibrtte",
Iieppy '" Morninr"; (Shackley);offertor>'.. <?°n
traltb ecrlo. • ".Come See tbft Place Wfiere
Jesua Lay" (BarUett) : "anthem, ''Awalie, Glad
Soul, Awake" (Brown): organ :postlude, "And
th« G.Iory of -the' Lord" (Handel^- Evening—
"orxan prelude, pastoral ¦ In -F (Bach); anTheiri,
VTiie Resurrection" /Shelley), Miss Lena.Hack
mei6t'er.".with.orchestra*'Hyrnn (Roper)^ offef
•tory. "Lo»t '.Chorfl '.' (Sullivan), cornet.- eolotand
orchrjstra;' dpk'ology, .' '-'Old -.Hundred"; hymn
(Palc^trica); Intermezzo - (Mascagni), : orches
tra; .hymn -CNeander) ; "recessional hymn (Rim
bault);. ¦ pot tlufle,' ''Marth Pontifleale" (Gou
nod); orche5tra). .: : ' "' -. '. ' " • - '-'
later -[service Cruikchaak'a'- arAngement ¦ will
be"- • rendered, and ' Jler, - J.- . P. Tgrner will
preach. The evening, programme .will be - ren
dered.'by ..the r*»olr. of.- -twenty-five' roicmj,'
acpoippaalpd .by .a Epieqdld '•orchestra of twelve .
Pieces.'. ¦which' will .al*o render selections from'
the greatest- composers. Miss Lena .Hacknreirter,
a well-knom-n'. fltij^-ano, will.' -Ems ¦ Shelley's
"Resurrection" -aV.sn offertoTy,-' with -organ
an«l- orchestral.' accunipani'mem.. • R»v-.. . Will-
Rrv-wer of- San -Mateo is -the Dreacher. ' Miss
Brown." organist -of the -mission-,. wHl''dlrect,
George'.' Hedley ' leading, the' orchestra:. -.'. " . " '"
; .. The. fvillowlrft- is. -the" programme.; * '• " ' '¦
'¦•.•Mornmg-T-TPrpeesEional -Hymn.' (Sullivan)';.
Easter • Anthem, .' -chant " <Humphrpjr) ;'• Glorias
(Kettle); Tc-Deum in,D (Woodward): Jubitat«;
chant -<KlriR);.' Nlcene 1 . -Creed -.vCrufkehahk);
hymn.: Ihtroit . -(Morgan)-: Kyrie (Cniikshank);-
Gloria Tlbi <Cnilksharik); h>-mn- (Palestrtna) ;'
Gldria . Patri iJ'rank); . anthem '(J.-E.. -West)>
'Tjaf-yton* ..solff -by -.Mr.- ilayDerry;'. doxology,
"Qlol Hundred'*; Sursum Co'rda- (Cru'lksharik);-
Sanctus tCruiksha&k) ; Btn< (Jict,uF/.C"ruik?!ian!i) ;
¦Kucharlstlc -Hymn -(Monk) i- Agnus- D^l (Cruik-
Fh'ank); Gloria in 'Excelels'(Crulkshank); Nunc
mmlttir (S!mp«)i :Rec£si!i'onal hymn' (Rim--,
.bauit). ' -Evehing ; r -Orchestra: :' Three violins,'
viola;"- cello. bass;-'Vlarlnet,- flute, .twp cornets,
trombone, pisno. organ. -Prielude,' "Unfold, Ye
Portals"*. (Gounod>. '.orpheetra; " ' '-'Berceuse' 1 .
i'Godard). solo violin and- orchestra; .processlon
.al • (Morgan);- Glorias (Kettle); • Magnlflcat
(SimperK'-Nuhc Dimlttia (Simper) ;'spprano solo.
• Cathedral.' Misston of :the' Good. Sa.niarltan—
One -Of tbc most .elaborate services of Easier
day. -win' be filven. Holy .-communion., will, -be
administer**! at 7 .SO. and 11 a., m. -. At -the
"'St. Joseph's -Church.. Tenth, and Howard
¦treeU"— A* the- jO:»flf- o'clock, mass a select
cbolr- wiU render Haydn* e Military Mass In C.
•t'-wfiicii': there' -will, be a. fermon. -.appropriate
to/iheoocaslcn, with Bolemri benediction |mme
<J}ate1y after. ' The musical programme .will be
a*, follow^: : 'Kyri* . and Gloria." frcm Haydn's
"N.o-.'."2:.-; Credo.'.-. Ranctus ., and..- Agnus, from;
.Haydritis'.- No. . 1.;' In B.' flat;-- at- the offertory,
JUrna -VirKx>. -.soprano seio- and -choruf*, by Zin-
Iganplli;- ©• Sklutaris.:: by. Generall;. Tantum
Ergo,' 'by. Mereadante, and;' Regina" Coell, ty
Berpe^'V-:' : ;:-'""V'' : -¦"•.¦¦••-•-: •:•• • •'
All HaUcws* Church— Masses will be at 8
and 10:30- a.' nv." T1w> -10:30 o'clock mars will
be- celebrated : by. Rev:; Father Conneally. and
a. . sermon- -on"-'*The . ResarrectKin" will be
Pleached by -lhe"' pastor. ' Rev. D. O'EulJivan.
Selections. 'from La Hache's Mlssa Pro .I*ace.
Cherubinl'And -Mozart will be given. At- tbe
offtrtprj' Regina Coeli (A, Wt-rner) wtU.be r«n-\
derad. The Benedictus: will be Sung toy Mrs,.
L-V Coyie. .At .the/solemn ben/»dlctlon ' the
Sajutar.is.. 'pcjirano ««>lb; .'will • be ' s'urilr by' Mie*
Cat'herlhe- ;Ba>-iei .- The ".choir" to", comnosed-- of.
the -foilow-ihg menlber»: Poprahos.;-.Mlss- Mary
Cottier. -Miss C- "Bayle. -Mles.L.- -Coyle;. altos.
Mrs. J. : O i Brien. : Mis*, a: -Ayers, -Miss.. L.
Turhfr.-: ¦ tenor;. -Earle -.Watermarin; 'base'.-- J...'
•Fartfll.; tllrector-.and-Qrpanl?t; Mrs. A. Troy.;
' " -At- Westminster Presbyterian Church, corner
of Page- and" Webster streets — Music will be
rendered, by • the Westminster Quartet Choir,
composed of the following Gingers: Miss Flor
ence Perkins soprano; Miss Ethelwyne Mar
rack, contralto: W. F. l>avls. tenor; W. E.
Hague, barytone, under the direction of F. J.
Thayer. ¦" organiet and leader. Morning. 11
o'clock— Anthem. "Glory In Excels!*" (Schneck
>rv;.'hymn,- congregation; anthem. "Christ Is
RWn'-'-<C. Whitney Coombs); hymn, congrega
tion r 'barytone eolo. "Resurrection" (Shelley);
¦VV.. E. Hague; hymn, congregation. Evening.
7:45 o'clock — Anthem, "Hft Vp Your Heads"
'jS'torer); hymn, congregation: anthem, "Fill the
iFn'pt "-With,'. Hojes" (Warrtn): hymn. congr>»r
gaUph; soprano solo. "Th« King of Glory" (C.
WhitB^y Coo»r.bs), Mies F, H. Perkins; hymn,
eongregation." • •• '. "•"
•Grace Epis'ccpal. Church. California street,
corner Stofkton-.-Rev. David J. Evans, rector.
Ctltbraticn o'i holy ccmiaunlon, t> a. in. Muslo
by th-i- choir-, of "ladle-*.- . 'Morninc service.' 11
o'clock.* -Prcce^sicnaf. • "Jerus Christ Is Risen
'iV-Uky'." IJoiik: -anthem, "i?fns My Tongue the
<Jlorious"l^attle > % : Price;- "Gloria to Psalme."
•Hao"hp;"-."Te" l-iuni JestivaJ -service In E flat.
Bade] Jubilate -festival In A flat, GUchrlst: In-
Jrplt. '-"At the JLatnbVHirh Feast We singr*
"Kjrle and Gloria Tlbi. Elvey, In E
fipt';' offertorj-. ' "Rejoice This Holy ERster
fiprh,*' . Dressier; "Sanctu*,'"-- "Agnus • Dei."
¦'M'«v=*» "d-i .On>h«>nistes," Uounod; "Gloria In
£eun«tf; Nune .Dimlttls, Blow, In E
ftiinor.;'rcc«s?ional; vii* .Is- Risen," Neander.
Fe»<lcal service, -7:45 i>. ¦ m. Magnlflcat and
Xunc Dimittls. Festival s»r^ice In B flat. Dr.
ilartln: cantata. •'¦• The Risen- Kinr." P. A.
i^chnecfeer; organ p«Ios; concert fantasia in D,
Volckmaj'; fantaria- tn K.." Berthold Tours.
MemlWi's.of 'choir: Tenors — Charles Goetting,
W. E." Smith, V>«d Puriy. W. Longbotham,
J. .W TrrspMer. W. Berrill. W. Young. L. E.
Roberts. J.-ThciJ»: Barytones— S. Homer Hen
lev., 'Harry.' Fosse>\ H. .Trusson. D: RobertB.
Bassos^-rCharlos Parent. L. F. Moore. H.
"Hidden." 1L '.S<jott. E. Hewitt. Cross bearer.
Frank ' Osbourh. Orcanls t and choirmaster,
William H. Holt.
j- For weeks past the choirs of the va
| rious city churches have been working
hanl in tireparatlon for Easter day,
and as a." result some excellent pro
i grammes have been prepared. The ser
j vices on Kaster day, more than any
other-in the Christian year, are marked
j with juycus music. Confirmation ser
; vices will be held in some churches,
' special sermons will be preached, altars
[•will be decked with flowers, but the
| music will, as usual, be the chief fea
i ture' of the services. Among the pro
grammes arranged bo .far are the fol
: lowing:. ...
¦ Welsh Presbyterian .'• Church, .'. Fourtsenth
street, near Guerrero, R»v. j;-Rhys Evans pae
tor — In ..the- morning .Miss -Eleanor Williams,
the missionary:' from London, . England, will
preach in 'Welsh.. ln-the evening ther^.wlll be
special musical service appropriate', 'to- ;the
Eafter season. Th$ .folloWUig " programme will'
be rendered' by the ' choir and" Sun'day-school :
".The Ldrd .Is Risen" (Nevln):! "Consider the
Lillet".- (Excell); . "Awake, .Ereak .. Forth, in
Song" . ' (Rodney) ; "O; " : CaK-ary" : '. "Resui-'
rectton .-.Joy;."'. • (Meredith) ; "ThJi ' Trlie
Easter" *" (Excell)^ . ' ''Jn.cllne : .Thine ".- Ear'
to Me"A (HlmmiDV. o"rg.an-; -oJtertorj'": short
'sermon: by Ithe- -Rasfor 1 — ?ubjeot, ¦ "Seeking
.¦the .Living Among -'the Dead'.' ;'. hymn- No. ' 233,
. Our 'Lord. Is Risen from-'the Dead"; hymn -Na.
2S3, "TbQU Hmt. Led: C.aptivlty Gaptive'-'J No.
8S9. ¦'.'Resurr'tHjtlon of' Christ.''- Soloists, Mrs.
J. -Prader;'. Messrs. -J-. Pugh. F". C. Russell; D-
S. .'Hughes'; crg"ahlst, Mre. H.:J. Lloyd; direct^,
R.-' J.' Husrhes.'- .'• ...' ..•••" "..•
• " First Unitarian Church, Geary and Franklin
streets, -Rev, Bradford 'Leavitt minister-^Momi
Ing". 11 o'clock — The music will be' rendered by
an augmented choir." Order of service: .Organ
voluntary, "Old Easter Melody"; responsive
reading; anthem. *;O.' : Death . WJiere Js .Thy
Sting 7'.'. (Alfred Hollins): scripture reading;
a.nthera. "'-Awake Thou Tha't-Sleepest".-(FQn
teyn .Manney)'; : prayer; '.. bffertory ' can'tate.';
"•Raster T,ide" (.Gaston ,Borch>,'. sermon ;.recepr"
tlon of new- members; hymn' by the .congrega,-.
.tlon; benediction; organ "ppstlade," "Hallelu-.'
JahV- -(Handel)!' .The- : cburch choir 4s conpnosed
of -the.! iollow'ing nxembers*. • Sopranos— A?rs.'
George. -'G:-'- Winchester, Mrs." Wallace' Whea ten."
flrlggs. Miss Helen C-.-Healh;. a'Uo»— MrV "P.;
V-.'Cox, Mrs. Blanche" King "Arnold. -"Mis« X3race
¦EwlnK;. tenote— Freflprick Veaco.-'F.- Cf: Srrilthi"
.bas«>6s^— George .McBride. Gordon" Z>"MllIs; Ii:-
Bretherl.ck,' prgafiist 'aiid.-chDlr-di rector.\ -.".'. '" '';
".Calvary. "PTesbyt<?rian. Church," .FillmoTe '-and'
Jackson -strepts^Mornlng,. anthem, •. -"Now on
the FJirsf Day ¦ of ' the 'Week'.' (Lahee) ; • offer -'
tory,. -'"Victory, •,'.-(Sne!.Iey'),;"'eve-nlhg. : praise .ser
vice;- organ, prelude (Smart);'-|nvoca"tlon;-hynm;
anthem; ""rhe '.Day .of.' Resurrect (on" .-(Vogrich)^'
tenor -solo. "Tlve RefUrre.ctlon'f'.'fShelley) t " rMc"
Pn»low; F.cripture reading^ soprano "¦' solo, "I
Know- That" . My- Redeemer- Liyeth 1 '' (Handel),-
Mr*.' ¦Mq'rk;.. prayer; rrsponFH .by -ch'oir; "hynjn:
anthem.- ¦' -"Christ,- . .'the •' Lord, .Is • Risen"'
(Schnecke^r); alto solo,- .-.'.'The -Lord ¦la-Risen".
(Sullivan), .Mifes Wheeler": • addres>s. by". pa-stor;
anthem.'" : "Christ- Our" -Passq'ver'.'.: (SchilUnK)i
hymn: benediction: onran postlude (Handel);
chorr — So^rajio, Mrs. Gi W. Mark;- alto, -Miss
Wheeler; " tenor, Frank" Onslowi- basso, •• A.
MennJe;R:. D< -Burness,.orgahls.t and director.
• Organ.'MIss Lotta J. .tnderhlll; assistant" to
organist;- Miss Lillian 'Bennett: violin, Charles
H. Blank: violin. Walter Weber; i«iano, Mipn
Claire Wehor;. <"tornet, A. F^.-'-nobertP. ' • .'. '•'¦
7:45 p. rn. — Orchestra, (a) "The Triumph of
Our King," (b) "Tell Out the Story" (Tutlar);
congregational hymn, - "Joy to the World."
No. 5; Invocation; soprano solo. "Alleluia"
O'eldlinger), Miss Louisa Amiot: Scripture
reading. John xx:l-18; contralto solo, "Hosan-.
na' <GraiTier), Miss Grace Savage; congrega
tional hymn, "Christ the Lord la Risen To
day"; prayer and Lord's prayer chanted' by
congregation; bass solo, "The Resurrection"
(Shelley). D. B. Bowley; orchestra, (a) "Hail,
Joyous Easter," (b) "O Risen King" (Tullar);
barytone solo, "Hail, Hail the King," with
orchestra (Meredith), Rev, J. George Glbsoi;
Scripture reading, Luke xxvl:49-KJ; Gloria
Patri (congregation please rise and sing); so
prano solo, ."Easter Day" (Marzo). Mrs. Nina
L. • Da'ton; notices and hymn, "Low in the
Grave He Lay" ;' contralto solo, "The Lord
It> Risen"- (Lansing). Miss Xrna Roberts; organ
offertory, '•'Overture". (Gabriel); barytone sdo,
•'The Gates ¦ of .Gold.":" with'., orchestra (Mere
dith); Rev. -J.'.- George. Gibson; short" sermon;'
congregational -.hymn, -.".My Country,. "Tla. of.
•Thee," Xo, 20; .Benediction: Orchestra;.: march
In F (M. Coote: Brown)'. " . . •': ' •• VY"
Notre Dame des'VIctolres — On Easter Sunday
morning the choir, consisting of a double quar
tet and aufnnent«^d chorus, will render for the
first time in San Francis<*> the "Messe Solen
nelle. No. 1, in F," by A. Gmnprecht, a service
highly recommended by Cardinal Gibbons. A. L..
Artlgues has undertaken this work with a
great deal of responsibility attached to It and
expect through this flret rendition to give it a
place among the lK-et works rendered In San
Francisco. Other numbers will be: Reglna
Coell (A. Werner); Sit N'omen Domini Benedic
tum <C Cagliero); Marche Pontiflcale (T. Lem
mens);. Prelude and Fugue, -op. 37, No. 2 (F.
Mendelssohn).
Emmanuel Baptist Church. Bartlett street,
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third —
Pastor. Rev. J. George Gibson. 11 a. m., or
chestra, "Ring Ye Bells of Heaven" <L*>renz);'
"All Hall the Power of Jesus' Name." No. 2;
invocation; congregational hj'mn. "Christ, the
Lord, Is Risen To-day"; responsive reading.
Psalm xvM: barytone solo, "Awake, Awake"
(Meredith), Rev. J. George Gibson; prayer;
Lord's prayer chanted by the congregation;
orchestra. "In th« Cross We Glory" (Lorenz);
congregational hymn, "Low In the Grave He
Lay"; Bcj>rano »oio, "Resurrection" (Holden),
Miss Louise Amiot; scripture reading, I Corin
thians, xv:51-58; Gluria Patrl (congregation
pleaee rise and sing): contralto sola. "Heauti
ful Home of Paradise" (King), Miss Mabel Bell
Pitcher: notices; orxan offertory, "Hope Sub
lime" (Barnard); barytone solo, "The Weary
Nlcht Is Ended" (Meredith), Rev. J. George
Gibson; short 6ermon; congregational hymn,
"My Faith Looks Up to Thee," No. 14; bene
diction; crea.n postlude. "In the Cross of
Christ I Glory" (Thomas Conkey): organ. Miss
Lotts. J. Und?rhlll; assistant to organist. Miss
Lillian Bennett: violin. Walter Weber; piano.
Miss Claire Weber.
Chinese Presbyterian Church, 911 Stockton
street. "Rev. I. 1L Condlt. U.D.; pastor— Tenor
and alto eclos, anthems and chants will be ren
dered by the Chinese choir both morning and
evening. Tasteful and uniqutf decorations will
be in harmony with the occasion. <:arols will
be sung by the children of the Sunday-echool
after the morning service, followed by the usual
presentation of. candy eggs. Visitors will be
¦welcome.
O'er" (Palcstrina); organ postlude; Evening-,
7:45 o'clock — Easter festival service by th«
Sunday-school.
Holj: Thursday Is Generally
' Observed in Houses of Wor
ship Throughout the City
TB0UBLE 0VEE A .SITE
Los .Angeles Capitalists Are
Willing to Give Govern
ment Ground for Postoffire
The coinage -of projd. that- has been
taking- place at' the*Mi:u"in t"hls city
Eire* !gst F.j?blua'ry. was concluded yes-
Tti day. Superintendent Leach raadeJhe
JVliuwln'g .ferparks -yesterday afternoon
jesaniing-. the-cuiRager. ¦*« • . .... ."
The Mfit: : .hdl •iif!goubte<2lx •broken .all record*
f«r '¦p-AA-'-cotift^^f'/tlr.fb-Mui use ot . money be*rnn
l;i cfv.:!iz!r.li<m^ -Th«< a'mcpr.t coir.rd'thi!.. rncnth'
t:ai> j*«c}iw4..- : ii? < '' eiifrnlc'us-.fum. ;<n- JXi.113.rxxi...
*r. averitirt. .-f .K-.ti.rp than $!.<xmi.<Vh> 'ti'vlay'.-in-.
la<t. Jfce delivtijr/- 1 ?.!.»' the Eti}M > rltit.&f£enl' fro'm
ffae cemtnev cLurins the last* Tyilr
te>% «"iy*TJurnt *l.:.:nMH<O.\v*r0da>;. ••Thix; witH'
ih<* pum af jtS^SMMWO *colaed In February./,
makes' i'to^.-pf^TfjM.eaa.Sim. . -lr> Wftt;ht .t-his
iins' lir.t . w<.u:l*-tr#jLe' ic^ than 110' tuasyor i
!itt«t' hiore...tha"a ' fodr -:l>ls 'carlcads '<ri i vvent> vi
five' ton* "ea?l\ ' '.?•: ".-•- '" • : ' '. .'.'-. . . ; ;
A -rieboai'ir.i .-of- -books -and herords »ert»!nlng
la rVjirtaie-.-ihaners. failB;."l6 *ho* ' any', ffimubt
<f a-c'-mat*'. ", < fK^«jut«><l'.in ; .the sa*n« !t-ni?tfi. >Y,
t'.cif •« i <"ual. \'o il>i* In- any. of j}ie.cftjbf*r. nations
< :.ih«>y>rld.*.-tf?v«ral yours atro llu^sia ina'Je"
a "j't»«^..Voihi»(t»~«f ."jroid. but *h>* outr.ut. -sj'an
n^ttii'nK.-in.-«}'>-r«iriKt4i'.- The.larKe^t¦ <'(nha^ie' oT
•w Jrii'h -.reW^rd* c^uld~>.* : found •»•<!? • ma'de in *t"he
lv<-'isd^n-'Mj;ht."!iv -the' -fall of" 1*^71, uMn' an
*njount i of;K9!<}.'elnii>a.lerJt to ..!fSrt:«<)0JKH) was
«tfln<fd.".J&". ahj;l;t :.nitjjpty .d;iysC' Tfcis ti-a.^ ron
¦ficif-'lred. «>'xtfao.idiT.ar>v a.r.a •¦•wAs.. uril>araSleted"
jn hjirit •'hl't'or^-.-uiv-la that- tinw. ' . ':•
: ".TW* :i»'.rrjJ>Hl)l}"- : the-Jtovf-tlOM .ft the his-.
• jj '•¦r.£'th>;'Miiu !n ..'tliiF .;clty. -ihat the cotidi-'
•ti-»r.!'. : -v^frie., 'ta-vorjiblP 'for .- d^rionstratihg: the;
(i\was£f '<ia;i»c < ..ty:.. > <if' ]fhe .Institutjpm'. for never'.
lyfore'-hos-.iuc'Si "nh ; .Bc^irnii1atioi> of gn\& bten-
TimiU:' - .'lKfTr r 'rlV'l3i<f-ye*r'ah'i a half enmpara
¦ t!wl-y :••'". *ntait .¦irsviuhr- of '¦Kold' has' lx>en coined.
•h» -^!'Jnt:iiiaV : hin>ry.;"b5lns''u»td as .'much as'
I'OFsfb.lf »i,n .th^.-nTa^u^C'vire of Philippine .ell
ver'rr.oriVyVVi'J'. Vnjtfd . .?tat"efs ptandanl .;pllvi»r.
iiViJUrTt.'-'jiufirir'utltIf -tirpe .the' lsrpe influx' of •
•eVilJfifronr-Xlajksii .aiia*our 'o.Wn State 'has bcf-n;
' etnfyki' 'ih'.'/t-he; ••. .vrjil^s" "u^tYl;" the neeVls . of .-the.
•Trp^ury^rW-i'a'rtfnrfi't'requri^/i .that the;.bullion-
*t' <1 <il.d : l>^"tiTin'6T'ortn<;d.int.o>e<jin..-as soen. a*-i>asr.
•FibV: "*.>.-¦.: ¦' : :- t ' ¦'¦¦ ¦¦¦¦'-- : ' : :\ ¦:' •'.
.-.Tti" ttttirjpefVIe Wf-.v.pr>: "proud. ' of . thi>jr.
acfcifve'rielrit. .olid- Lt-UtB :»*rord ."thai will : UP
¦rtouh(.eaiy Moufif uriirnUpaNfora-'hohir'tl'me-tiV
ro'me. .• TTJi'^ "SU'U •••111 »w>.«iMite. busy' .Until th<»'
¦ t .l.->> .-<5f."'\M('";>ref5pr!t -.fl?ca;-" yea-F-.'.turniiiK- "out
Fin*V.-ooin." for'.- ihe'/'PI-.V't-P]''!"" 1 ' I»'aB<!.s;-;a* '.wll ¦
jhh •.rrrit*tf'".*|»*»..-»ft*er- dollar*. ¦ ;'"'.¦. ¦. • '"¦"¦• '•-
Savs lie Will Be>Kept Kusy
Makfn<r -Silver Dollars for
i.lic \ riiiiipinne ¦ . Islands
LEACH PJiUR) OF WORK
All Records] iii Turning
Out United states Money
MILLION A DAY
IS COINED HERE
Wnxi in This ( ity Breaks
OWNERS OFFER
FINE LOCATION
DEVOUT FILL
THE CHURCHES
CHOIRS WILL SING ANTHEMS
IN HONOR OF RESURRECTION
Elaborate Easter Services to Be Held in All Local
Churches and Long Period' of Lenten Gloom
Will Be Dispelled With Bursts of Melody
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIJ. FRIDAY;: APRIL 1, ,1904.
9
* BEGAL SHOES. "
Tt is hard to overcome the inertia of a
long fixed habit A man who pays
Hm^ ul maKer Cpiu or cpi^j
il^^lr^ Jtt&k. ' a pair for shoes can ' t scem
M&I& to realize that times have
changed. He was right
m fflJlMllB^k • twcnt y years ago ; he was
F L^B^CTEM/^ n 'g ht » partially, even ten
. WeBi Hffirejli mk. years ago, but that was be-
O^v Regal.
it|!!SK8 Getting the best
leather is only a
custom iS/^B fti matter of paying
• aiS y rf r S? t A i! Sd >g E^BsssWI more than $1.75
the continuous graceful BsV/^BBsm 'for A9rh naif o£
.curve around the. out- hBJB ,f
'side. Comfortable across ssK3 * WC C3.TX
the ball, yet snug and smooth sssH 2alUC! »' V C .
under trie arch — asd a per- . sw§r flfFnrfi to Use it
fsct ankle-fit, like aU fteffai . Wffl anOTU IO •
oxfords.- • /^I^^^^Spr and wc do. We
..•^^^^^^ tic/* the S&.IX16
grade the fancy shoemaker does. In style we are identical.
Then why do you pay him $12 for what we sell at
$3.50 ? We would really and honestly like to know how.
you figure it out '. ¦;'-. . • .*. *
.... ' Send for Style Book. Mill brden prompflyfillsd. . *.
There are 72 Regal Stores, 22 of them In-Greater New York, where thi
" styles 'originate. The new styles are bn .sale at' our Saa Francisco Store at *
•the same time as In the New york Stores. ¦*• • -
San Francisco Store, Cor. Geary and- Stockton Sts. nf
: ¦ AJTOTSEla^NTa ;
bULUEVlDlA LEADING THEAi?J
LAST 2 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
MARY
MANNERINQ
' In Leo DRrichsteln's new modern comedy.
HARRIETTS HONEYMOON
Next Sunday — German Performance — Ala-
meda Lustsplel Ensemble In the' hilarious com-
edy, "Das,' Opferlamm": (The ¦ Scapegoat).
Seats ready. ; •
Beginning Monday— F.-- Zlegfeld Jr..' presents
In her 'greatest musical comedy success,
MAM'SELLE NAPOLEON. T. . r
..SEATS. NOW SELLING.
Fire Mowats; - Moznz and Mazett;'
¦ Coaklcy and- M'cBride;'' Wesson",
Walters and. -Wesson;' James -H.
Cnllcn, and" .;'•;•'¦. '.
La Belle GnerrBro.
;V •' ' LAST. TIMES OF • '
Taffary's Dogs; Billy. Clifford and
- ' Adelina Roattino and Clara- Stevens.
Regular Matinees' ' every Wednesday, I Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, 25c
and 60c. . • : ' .
- • ?
LAST THREE TIMES— MAT. TO-MORROW.
.' TVLpc ¦ In lbE *n's Play.
rioKo GABLER
¦ ¦ next 'week: • ¦
Mon., Tue's... Wed. and •• Friday. ' Saturday
Thursday, . Matinee. Sat. Night.
"DIVORCXJNS*' "A DOLL'S HOUSE"-
and- ¦ • ' «nd
"A BIT OF OLD "A .BIT OF OLD '
. -. CHELSEA." . • CHELSEA."
¦ SEATS NOW ON SALE.
SECOND WEEK
('.. AND' TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF
Mr.Pi(pkwick
A Musical Comedy In Two Acts, Based on
Charles Dickens' Maiterpfece. . .
Initial Appearance Here of
DO RA DE >*! Llil F»F»E
- ' ". The Eminent Lyric Sopra ho.
. ' MATINKE SATURDAY.
Kext— '.'THE BEOGAB STTOElfT."
Usual Popular Prices........ 25c, 60c "and ?8o
Ptoscentum and Mezzanine." Box Seats.. $1.00
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY 'CLUB."
Racing Each Week -Da-. Rain or Shine.-
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp. -
For special trains stopping at the track take
8. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12, 12 -so
1 :00. 1 1 :3O or 2 o'clock. - No smoking | in last two
cars, which - ar* reserved for ladles and their
escorts.
Returning trains leare. -track at 4:10 and
4:45 and Immediately after the last race.
¦ - - THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUS£M£irT&
COOPER MEpALVCOLLEGE
• Cor.- Sacramento and Webster sts. • • •
LANE LECTURES.
• FRIDAY EVENINJ3. April ; 1.' at" 8 o'clock.
DB. SR.TESBACH SMITH. '
Subject, "Th» Alcohol Habit from the Alien-
ist's Standpoint.", . . ;• ¦
. "ADMISSION ia FREE. ¦
AMtTSETVfETTT3.
CALIFORNIA
J01 BOTKXtT SSSrSATZOir 1^
I ANNA EVA FAY I
¦ .In Her Great Sensation. * * ¦
I "SOMIMOLEIVCY" I
¦ ;.\ MATINEE FOR LADIES ONLY 1
¦ ..'.' TO-MORROW./.- .-.'.^.\'. H
m Sunday — America's funniest. blKSrest I
ft farce, "McPADDEN'S PLAT9." !'¦
A T /"* A T A 13 B«iasco & May «.
ALCAZAR \¥&%&
. - ' General Manager.
AT 8 TO-H1OHT — Matt. Sat.- and Sun.
...LAST 3 NIGHTS:..
of Warser'i Impretalve Miracla Play,
...PARSIFAL...
. ." A MAGariFICENT PRODUCTION.
The music by an orchestra of -Twenty.
- . . .Next MOND AT— Easter Week Only.
AngTrttus Thomas' f\ n *-!«£» HlllAf-
Famous Comedy. Ull 1116 • IJ1JI6L
William. Collier's Greatest Success.
Regular Prices Then Resumed.
CENTRAL 1 ®
Market tt.. near Eighth-* — Phone South 633,
' V V BY SPECIAL REQUEST.
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS. '
.MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAT.
HERSCHEL A\/\Y/\L,U
In Ilia Greatest Impersonation,
RIP VAN WINKLE
PRICFS E / enin * s 10e to boo
miWCJ Matinees 10c. 13c. 25o
Monday Next— "AROUND THE WORLD IN
EIGHTY DAY8." . '
IT [ TO
IS I. . OUR
Advantage, of courrs*. to g\ve a, perfect play.
That Is what Is said of .
KISMET
The. whole city Is talking of tbe delightful
' . SONGS.
' DANCES.
SPECIALTIES!
NOVELTIES
' Ana the Real "All Star" Cast,
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 23c. 60c and
?Sc. Saturday end Sunday Matinees. 25c and
60c. . Children at Matinees, 10c and 25c.
Clark's Comedy Dog Circus
And a Great Show Every At teraooa aal
Eveninr la th* Theater. -
ENJOY YOURSELF IN CABARET DB Lj«
MORT.
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLIMES IN THE ZOO.
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
Take a TRIP DOWN THE FLUMB.
. - Admission. 10c; Children, 5c.
'When Phoning Ask. for "The Chut**." '
MISCEIxLANEOUS AMUSEME1TTS.
SCHUMANN 7
lllallll%
SEATS NOW ON SALE
SHERMAk. CLAY * CO.'B. •
PRICES— J2.0O. J1.50 AND $l.«t.
Concerts" Alftamliri/ Ete. Apr. 5r7. Mat. 9
TIIE PERFECT CAN OPEX-
ER FIIEE TO WANT ADVER-
TISERS IX NEXT SUNDAY'S
CALL. THE "PERFECT. 'CAN'
OPENER" I« the latest and best
opener on 'the market and THE
CALL, in offering'. Its want ad-
vertisers an opportunity to se-
cure tills up-to-date and ; most
useful household utensil without
cost, is certainly doing them a
service that should be appre-
ciated. Be sure t© bring >your
want ad. to THE CALL l^m
particulars of this offer appear
in . the u Want * Ad." ooluinn 3 of •
to-day's CALL.
: . 2JEW ADVERTISEMENT^.. . / .
aitotecb' woxrss's. ot. iscirirci:.
Biolory Han Proved That Daadruff ii
Caused toy a. Germ. " .'-" .-*.' ; ..
Scjcncels dolRgr-wjinderfe these .-disys in
mcd>cin>i5'-a!« well as In- tncclianics. # iStace'
¦ Adam' lived "the human race .has been"
troubled with dandruff, for which no hair
preparation has heretofore proved a sue-
t-essfKl cure until Xfewbro"s Herpicide
was put on the.maLrkct. " it. is a scientific
l>rcparatlon that kills" the cerm that
raakoR dandruff or scurf by'^dipK-ing-Intb
thr uralp to pet at the root of the iialr
where it srfp* the vitality, causing: Itch-
ins scalp, falling hair, and, finally, baid-
ncw. Without 'dandruff hair must grow
luxuriantly. It !s the only destroyer of-
''ftttdruff. Sold by leading druggists
P^nd 10c In stamps for sample to The
IlprpiHde Co.. Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR I A^
For Infants and Children. .
Hie Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /^T7"
Slgnatxaro of L/c^T-^/^cZ^^C
VA/. T. HESS.
Tenth Moor. Itoom Ioi5.^|«u« Stn-ck-i* i,i«Js.
Tclt-:.ho:i<? Main I'SX
I'.e«ld^no« Trlt-j.hong |> KC e Mil.
Gf I ft £ (?^ Ammunition, Iluntlr.r and
P 3 I W » il ' Lo *" t I«c**- btnd
\S I « \J £HItKVK & BARBER CO..
.Jl» Market tn. and 621
____^^_^_________ Keamjr et.
Weak Men and Women
SHOITLD USE JDAMIANA BITTER8. THE !
Great Mexican Remefi/; elves health and'
strcc^b to sexual organa. Depot. S23 Market
; . ADVEBTISEMENT& ¦
Jor Double Sixe
MATTRESS
Guaranteed to/be made ..of pure
Java Silk. Floss. -The acme of j-
comfort— smooth arid . elastic.-
. Superior -in: every way' .to Curled-
' Hair- Mattresses. This is iden-
..ticaliy the- kind of mattress usu-.
: ally sold for' J10.00 to $12.00. ' •
¦ '! We' sell xth. 'liberal cash .or-
• credit jsystems.' ¦ '¦ -. " '
Gall early- -and get one of the'
• above Mattresses.' -"We've other 7
•good" things to offer also. ' •:'.
A. I SMITH CO, ¦
138-133 ZlJXiXS STBEET,
& . '.-'.: ¦'. Above -Powell:
;;.!;.: SAN- FRANCISCO.
'¦-'."• '• • ' ...-¦•.'• '.' • • I
A Smiling Face:
. signifies robust health and good
digestion. You .can always
carry a. smiling face in spite of
care and worry if you keep .
your liver right ¦. and your,
digestion goocl by using
Beecham's
Pills
• . Sold Everywhere." Ift boxes 10c. and 25c.
• V HOTELS AND REJSORTS.
(New)BOTELBUTLER
: : 8BATTLB.
REMODELED AND REBUILT at upeitM
Of $260.000— New . Management— BNTIRELiT
FIREPROOF. .. .
LOCATION — Very .acc«s«1b2« to street ear
lines. th«ater». etc EUROPEAN PLAN.
' 223 ROOMS with LUX URIOU8 BATHS-—
Several private rooms in antique decoratiooa,
TiirkUh Bathi In . Hotel. . :
I UNSURPASSED KESTAURANT; De Stel-
Mr, Chtf, formerly of Waldorf -Astoria and
Chef ».o r Prince of Wales. '*
- HOTEL ORCHESTRA : Telephone Connec-
tions in every room; Ions; distance connections
made with any par{ . of. the i coast.
.-. Wire for reservations,- at oar expense.
BUTLER. HOTEL.'. Seattle.
P^lan* OONT FAIL TO
I aiaWW aee'the beautiful
, v j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, thi EMPIRE
auu PARLOR, the
r» "1 PALM ROOM, the
iirand louis xv par.
U1UI1U XOR, and the LA-
H J.^1- DIES' WRITING
Hotels Iffi 0 *- I
MISCEIXANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
;. : :B/\SE1BAL;L!
OAKLAND vs. SAN FRANCISCO
AT "RECREATION PARK.
. .-Eighth" and Harrison' -ata. ¦'
.'Wednesday. Thursday,. Friday, ;3:30 p. m. ',
;'" "- Saturday." 3 p. ; m. . •
sftSJSl Sunday, 2:30 p. m.
' Advance sale •„ of seats : at ~ 5 ; Stockton sL
Ladies' days. Thursday \ and " Frldai". -Bowling. Record Broken.
. CHICAGO, . March 31.— Louis :. Df prof t
of .the • Business ; JSIen's League broke
the .world's bowling raverase f or thre«>
games with Mhe ; 16 '4-pbund ball to
night by rolling 250 i-3.,;The* former
record was -243 2-3. ' :
Rennings Race Results.
WASHINGTON. March 31.— Bennlnn re
sults: . .
' First race, five and a. half furlongs—Ascen
sion won, Shrine second. Tol San third. Time,
1:04 2-5. -¦¦:¦. . '
Second race, half mile— Lily Brook won, tn
cense . second. . Lady Frances third. Tim*.
:51 2-{S. . , ¦ ¦ . ' - ¦ . ¦ .
Third race, fou'r and a half t turlont*— M#N
rose won, Preen second, Olcrota . th'iM, Time,
; : 54 *i .' : £*kJ*tyfll}/!pWltttf*$uttS* wlhuiQwu
Fourth race, six and a half furlon«*~.\n,!r«w
Mack won. Go Between second. « Mr. Tl^wtoK
third. Time," 1 :2(5.~
- Fifth. race, : seven furlonts-^-Pct<«r I**U< *f\»n.
Himself second, Master ¦ Man th'r«l, • TITO*.
Sixth race, steeplechase, about ti\n r«U*«—
Boney; Boy won. Agio tcronU, ClU\ln«lon
UilrU. ;Time,,4-.33 .
Racing at ' Memphis.
MEMPHIS, Tenn.. March 31. — Montgomery
Park results :
First race; seven and a halt furlongs — Elliott
won, -Somenos second, Bard of Avon third.
Time. l:06«4. ¦ • ,
.Second race, eelllng, four and a half fur
longs — Oceaner won, Flnchot second, Marsh
Redon third. Time, :53.. ::,"¦>
Third -race, five furlongs — Monastic won.
Floral Kins second. Major Pelham third. Time.
1:02%;
:-> Fourth race. Montgomery Handicap Consola
tion, one mile — De Reszke ¦ won.- Havlland sec
ond, Lura Lighter third. Time, l:42',i.
Fifth race, steeplechase, about one and a
quarter miles— Itaeaticara won. Farmer's Foe
second, Cardigan . third. Time, ; 2:58*4.
'Sixth race, one mile and eeventy yards, sell
ing — Circus -Girl- won. Midshipman ¦ seconj
South Breeze third. Time, l:48Vi.
An Open Ihcnt antl a Consolation
Xumbcr .Will Form the Card
¦ _ for Sunday. . , ' .
The coursing at Ingleside Park, this
week will be limited to Sunday. There
will be. two stakes, a forty-eight- dog
open event and a consolation num
ber. ' The draw last night resulted as
follows: '. .-¦-¦.
JS. Wilson's Young Klamath ,vs. T. Maher'a
Thetis;: J. Hackett's Shadow ¦ vs. J.' Sweeney's
McVey; G. L/Crawford's Lulu Girt vs. J.lGlb
son's .Lucky Shamrock; P. F. Callan"s Cosette
vs. G. Ncthercwt's Qulta; J.iRoss' King Death
vs. T. Jolly's Toronto: Allen & Wilson's Our
MJnnie vs. J. O'Shea's Little Mercy; J.
O'Slu-a Jr.'s Doc Burns vs. G. G. Budde's Lily
York: J. Maner'a -Oregon vs. T. Maher'a • In
truder; J. AIcMichnel's" Qulta vs. ' E. Wilson's
Equator: C. Appleby"s Trlxy vs. H. Meh'arry's
Prometheus; E.- M. Kellogg's Crawford Belle
vs. E; Geary's Bonnie Pasha: G. L. Crawford's
Sea Lion vs. P. Reilly's Tralee Lass; P. Reil
ly'a Wattles vs. J. E. Hanley's J E H;.T.
Ahern's Fair 'Play vs. J.; Walker's Frisky Boy;
J. Strand's Imperious vs.' M. McGuire's Orslna;
Allen & .Wilson's Bill Dugan . vs. . G. -, Nether -
cott's 1 Barge ; E: ,M. '.Kellogg' s Frisco " Lad * vs
T. - Raught's Sliver 1 Heels : W. Johnson's Artic
ulate vs. A. . Lomelius'- Haddirigton; M. Park
ison's Loretta vs. E. . Pascal's Gold Chain ; R.
Attridge's- Sofala vs. , E. ¦ Geary's / Fannie
Hughle; E. R. Reid's Mark Twain vs. P, Hor
rigan's -Rag Time; -Q. von-: Hummel's Van
Alba vs. T. Burkc's • Belle Lloyd; J.v. O'Shea
Jr.'fl Bob R .vs. . II.' Meharry's Royal Friend;
J. Sweeney's Grace G-reenwood vs. "C. Bonner's
Wild .Nora. V ' ,
FORTY-EIGHT GREYHOUNDS
• IN INGLESIDE .PARK STAKE
SAMPLE PROVES EASY.
Tacoma Pitcher Is Batted Out of the
. . Box by Seattle Men.
FRESNO, Mar.ch 31.— Seattle won
in a lo'osely played game to-day. Sam
ple was easy for Seattle, being bat
ted out of the. box in the fifth inning,
after Seattle had piled up five runs.
Fitzgerajd, who succeeded Sample,
was hit frequently, but the hits were"
scattered and 'no runs were made,
while he was in the box. 'In the fifth
inning Hughes became a -little wild
and Tacoma sent three men over the
plate. Another ruR in the eighth-in
ning made Tacoma four, while Seattle
had five to her credit. Score:
Tacoma — ' • . * Seattle —
'¦ AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P A
Casey. 2b 3 1 O 1. 4 Vn Hn.cf 4 1 2 10
"N'dyke.lb » 1 2 10 0 *Mohlr.-:b Hi 1 5 "
McLn, ir,4 0O0 0]Dhntj',3b 3 0 121
Lynch,cf 5 0 16 ¦ O|Fripk, If 5 1 1 3 n
Eagan.ss « 1-2 3 **iBr8hr,lb 5 1 3 so
Hanvn.rf fi O 1*3 OPtnith, rf 3 0 o 2 1
Bbi;hn,3b 4.1-2 21 'Hall, *s. 4 ¦ o 0 •» 4
Grharo, c. 3 '-¦» O 2 2,Wllson, c~4 o 1 • 7 :-•»
*-'am|ile,p 1 o O ' » '. 4 Hughes, p 4 1 3 '0i"l
Fitrgld.p 1 O O 0 or — — ¦_ i_ _
¦ — Totals. 35 6 12 27 11
Totals. 34 4. 8 27 131 * ,
RUNS BT INNINGS.
Seattle 0 1 0 0,4 0 0 0 0— B
i-ase hits .....2.1 O 1 4 1 1:2:0— 12
Tacoma O »» 0 0 3 0.0 l-o 4
Base hits ....»0 . 1- 0 . 0 • 3 111 1—8
..SUMMARY. -
Stolen bases— Ea^an 2, Sheelian. Errors—
Mohler, Brashear, McLauRhlln. Two-base hits
—Frisk, Sheehan, Nosdyke. - Sacrifice hits-
Smith 2.' First. base on errorsA»SeattIo 1, .Ta
coma' 1. First base on called. balls — Oft Hughca
8, off Samolc 2. ' off ,FitiKerald : 2. Left on
bases— Seattle 10. Tacoma -, 11. '-¦> Struck; out
By Hi)Khe« B, by Fitzgerald 2.-, -Hit by pitcher
—Mohler by Sample. -. Doublt* play— Casey to
Earan to Nordyke. Time of ' ea*me-^2 hours
and 7 minutes. Umpire — Huston.
LOS ANGELES, -March 31;— The inci
dents of particular note at Ascot "to
day were the large crowd and the usual
defeat'of Golden Rule by £ head. He
was favorite in the best race of the
day at eix furlongs at odds of -2 to
1. J He got off \vell' and went to the
front, leading all the way until within
a dozen strides of the. wire, where Bar
rington caught., him and J. won-, by a
head." Columbia Girl, off badly, ran a
greai race and finished third. .
The other race that attracted atten
tion »nd caused a scrimmage' of. the
talent to place their money was the
fifth, at one and a sixteenth miles. Buc
cleuth was made a strong favorite, with
Straggler and Labor 2 to leach. Strag
gler - led" all the way,- and was only
caught in: the'' last vjamp','- losing -'-. by a
nose to Labor. The favorite w*as third.
Three favorites won, and the , other
races '.went to, horses that carried much
money. Weather fine; track fast. Sum-'
mary: ; , •, X-t " • . ..'¦'.'*¦
' Fourth w rac»," six :• furlonjrs. . free ' handicap — •
Barrington, / > 102 (Lawrence).* '.7 to .' 1;; won;
Oolden Rule, 122 - (Prior). • II to.;5,: second;
Columbia . GlrU :W I (Johnson), 7 :, to 2. tblrd.
• First race, six furlonc«. nurse— Llberto. 11
(Duran) 9 to *.'. won; Kylo II, 10» (Lawrence),
12 to 1, second :: Catiable, 114 (Prior). 5 to 1,
third. Time. »1:1HV4. >i Oklahoma -^Belle, Egs
noce, Caroburn. Coatantine. Honduran. Lisp,
Lauretta Phillips. Rlceful, Bessie WelHey,
Maude M - and Lady; Rice : also; ran. - /
Second race, one mile, selling— Phyz, 1W
(Lawrence), 3 to 1.- won; AH About. 108 (Jack
son) 10 to J. second;; Bassanio, 99 tFelcht),
3 to J. ¦ third/ iTime,. 1:42*4.;, Sherry.: Inso
lence' The ' Ledaean.' Can Nell, . Homaee ana
Albert Enrl^ht also ran. „, . ;,
Third race, , five : and • a half • furlones, sell
ing—The '¦ Covenanter." - 105 (Feicht). 2 to . 1,
won- General \ Cronje, 110^Lawrence),- 8 to. 1,
seciind; Moonstone. ¦Ul-il^wis'l.-, 5 ,to I,, third. -
Time,- l:00iS.', Ragnarok" II, -Gray: Morn. Jack
Richelieu i;- Jr.. <. Zem-Zem.' Laura t FM ¦ and
Evermore also ran.;'""' ¦; -
Time, 1:14%. M. F.Tarpey, Mezzo, Callant,
¦Glennevls and Carnival also ran. .
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, eellinr
—Labor, 100 (Sinnott). 5 to 2. won; Straw Ier,
107 (Bookert. 2 .to 1. second: Buccleutb 100
(Ande»sor»). 9 to 5, third. Tirse. 1:48., Dur
bar and Diamante also ran. .
Six race, five and a half furton-cs. Mlltag-»
Wager. 1M (Lawrence). 5 to 2. wonrEsUdo,
110 (Dwan) 4? to 1, second; Hindoo Princss,
108 (J. Lewis). 6 to 1. third. Time. l:Oj».
Profitable. Chief Aloha. Masic .Flute. Lady
U8k MacFlecknoe. "Waiter, Maude Browne
and Susie Christian also ran.
Tirrt mc^—Biutlc Girl, Abydoi, Tlz
oroio.
Second r»ce— Meada, M. A. Powell,
Llffht'of Day. : * •
Third race — Breaam, SklpMe, Qniz III
rotu^n race — Hortoa, Pl«n«ur, Clocks
d'Or.
Tilth, race— Matt Bosrui/ Mocorito,
Saintly'.
Sixth race— Red Cross Ifwia, Orehan,
Eljony. • •
GOLDEN RULE UNFORTUNATE,
LOSING AGAIN BY A HEAD
PORTIiAXn IS SHUT OUT.
For the Third Successive 'Game Its
Men Have Failed to Scope.
LOS ANGELES, March 31.—Shut
outs are the regular order of things at
Chutes Ball Park - these days. Port
land has played twenty-seven innings
against Los Angeles and has the first
run yet to make. Wheeler's pitching
and the splendid fielding of the cham
pions were responsible for the string
of ciphers in , the Portfand column to
day. Thlelman pitched a strong game
for the ' visitors, but was* not given
good support. The enthusing feature
of the game was a remarkable catch
by Center Fielder Bernard. of, the Los
Angeles team. Castro . sprained - his
leg in the fifth inning- and- gave way
STANDING OF THE CKUHS
: . W. 1^ iv 1. 1 • w. I,. Pet.
ix* . Angeles.*;- 1 .'si7i : **>AUl»' -..*' ' .» .-.'.(«
Tav-oma- ......4 2 .««7?ari Fran 2 4 J3S3
Oakland 3 3 .6C0 Portland ....1 6 .143
not score at that. Waldron and Meany
both hit safely. Frwin responded with
a drive to center field. Waldron started
to pome in from seeor.d. but Dunleavy
threw true to the plate and it. was all
over. ' .
The game " was ' nice and fast and 
looked like real baseball In every round.
Oakland worked off. three lightning
double plays that reminded the fans of
the. champion infield of 1902. . Ganley
clouted the ball, three' times out of five
possible chances and * 'did -some fast
running" to the. firsfbag.. The score:- "
• Pan Francisco-^ h Oakland — '¦': : - / -*i
.Attn. H. P*A. tJanly.rf 6 0 3 4 1
Wldn-.cf 4 ji> « 2 o'Franck.s 4. 0 0 4 2
HildPb.lf .3 0 20 oiKn-Rer.^f 4 1 J, 6 0
Mecny.rf 4 0 2 2 ?'iDunly.c.f 4 12 11
Jrwtn.Sb. 3 • <• l o O'Bchfly.rb .1 ¦ 1 O 1 4
l**hj-,o 4 .© Si 4 UStrPlb. ib 3 O 1 6 0
Many.lb 4 O 2 IS 2 Devrx,3b 3 11 0 1
And* n.2b' 4 0-0 2-5 J>ohrnn.c 3 1 1 fi 0
firhmrr.s 3 0 O 1 *i ; 'Hchmlt l p 4 1 0'0'2
"Whalen.p .*{ 0 0 1 * 2|
1 Tota!»;S3 6 9 27 11
. TOU1B..-52 0 7 27 13
ni:.NS AND HITS BY INNINGS. •
Onklard ....0 1 0-0 0 2 0 0 3 — 6
.Base hit* 1 l 10 12 0 1.2—0
Ban rVanrtjico 0OOO00OO 0 — 0
lla*«-h't:s 11 o I 0 X 0 .*> 0-^7
• SL'MMAnr.
Stolen baBes— Dunleavy (2). Error* — Whalen;
<2h Francks <2). Anderson. Three-base hit — :
l>ur.leavy. Sacriflc* bits — Pranckn. - Ptrelb.
Deverpaux. Flrrt bas« en errors — Han Fran
••isco 2. Oakland 1. First ba»e on called balls—
Oflt Whalen 2. off Schmidt 2. Left on bases-
Ban Francisco 7. Oakland fi. StrucK out — By
Whalen 4, by Echmldt 3. Double playa — Gan
ley to Lohman. Schafley to Streib. SCrhafley to
Francks. to Streib. Time of irame^ — 1 hour and
30 ralnute*. Cmplre— McCarthy.
.The natiyo. .ball tossprpr we're blanked
yesterday at . Recr.ea.tion Park. They
•never had -a . fc^anc? to. get even i one
V«n over the rubber. -P«»ter> Oakland
tosscrs • made them look llk« t»ellinK
platers! Although BIJ1- Mapsey and
Tommy J^eahy. dorihod the armor and
war paint.. Hank's gathering: couSd.iiot
win.- ".-It was a shameful defeat and.it
<>nded- 6 to 0. " ; ' . ' •".' . ¦
Smiling Schmidt mounted the slab
and 6hox\ed the fans how he fooled the
National League " batters last year.
Schrriiddy' has annexed, a. lot of lhat
Brooklyn poli5h since his d?partun» arid
"he looked qulteright in the middle of
i he. lot- With Peter taking the fast
ones. at the. rear of the" bat it appeared
natural .again— in fact Oakland looked
•for :a minute' like a pennant winning
baod. '.. '; .-.-..' •• ' ./ •'-.
TheBtory of the defeat'of the nattves.
could- best be>'to'.d by Schmidi : him
eelf\' He seenied. to' know., the kind, the
home batters do' not like and therefore
kept" tossing that variety up to. them
all the. time. He had command of the
ball an'd grreat speed.' not to speak of
that ever- bewildering, drop and his
otherdazilingr twisters. ... ¦-".'¦
Jimmy VThaleri was a came one and"
pitched-bali up' to* the last.. He" was
6om£ small .potatoes himself for a
while, but jan error now and then, aided
by a timely hit or so. proved the down
fall of.."Chames." The "Oaklanders hit
him when they needed runs and they
also got a few runs without the aid of
hits.
Schafley took a walk In round two
and Mr. Streib laid down a bunt.
Whalen thought he "could catch Schaf
ley napping and threw to second. The
runner tore into third sack while the
ball was being chased out in center
field. Brick Devereaux tapped one
smartly over, the same cushion and on
this bingle Scbafley arrived. ¦ • '
Two were added to the Oakland
score in the sixth. Kruger smote the
leather out beyond the reach • of
Whalen. Dunleavy had one that put
a dent in the score board and earned
for him three bases and also sent
Kruger straight home. Schafley tried
lo sacrifice. Whalen could not pick the
ball up and so Schafley was cafe. As
soon as he got on the bag he started
for wcond. While they were trying to
Bret him between the two stations the
lively Dunleavy did the hotfoot to the
rubber.
The natives took an aerial voyage in
the last period. So badly rattled were
they that Pete's men came around
three times on two hits and an. error
hy Anderson that Rho*uld have been a
double play instead. San Francisco
£lled the fcage in the eighth, but could
Oakland Batters $olve
-¦¦"¦. ' Whalen's Puzzling
/ Curves.
to Francis, Baxter going to third. At
tendance about 1500. The score:
Portland— ' I Los Angeles—
AB.R. H. P.A ! AB.R. H. P.A.
JJrnan, cf..*J o '2 1. <) H^rnd cf.a O 1 l «»
-McCde, rf.4 <» <» 1 o J'lood. •- > b."{ O O .-1 3
Isadau. if.4 O 2 - 1 OHmith, **b.3 O » :t I
Uaxtr, "{b.2 O 0 <> l i*avth, rr.4 0 0 0 0
Castro, p.2 0 0 1 1 Hosb, If. ..4 1 a :i ()
Jieck. 2b.. 4 O 0 ?. 2«*hase, lb.S 1 :{ 7 0
!>mn. lb.4 0 1 !> OVoman, s.4 1 0 4 5
'. r nrs, s-'"b.3 O 1 .1 -iltlpies. c...:t 1 I 8 0
•SU'lmn. cl 0 <» 1 1 Whfler, p..*{ 0 O O 3
Vhlmn, p.3 « o 1 4 • ' —
Shea, C...2 0 O , r . 1 Total*. 30 4 7 27 12
Total?. *!2 0 "I 24 12; ':.;¦ "¦*•'
. [RUNS AND HITS BYiIXXIXGS.
Ix»b Ancelcs 0 :5 o' 0 0 1 o 0 x— 4
liase -hlts> 0 3 O 1 0 2 0 1 x 7
Pf rtland O O O 0 o O « O 0 O
Ease hits ... w .l 2 1 1 0 I 0 O 0— fi
SUMMARY-.
Sfolrtj bare — Chase. Errors — Toman, Baxter,
Francis, Steelraan J. Two-base hits — Nadeau,
Drrnnan. Ross. Chase.- Sacrifice hits— Bernard
Flood,* Chase. First base on errors— I*os An
geles_ 2, Portland 1. Left on bases — Los An-
K*le» 6. Portland 4. Bares on balls— Off Thiel*
man 1. olt "Wheeler 1. Struck out — By Wheeler
«, by Thlelman 4. Double plays— Smith to
Toman: -Flood to Toman to Chase. Passed
ball— Shea. Hit by pitcher— Smith. Time of
rarte— 1 hour and 40 minutes. " Umpire—
O*Cpnnell.
SCHMIDT PITCHES BRILLIANT GAME OF BALL,
SHUTTING OUT UNCLE'S STAR AGGREGATION
stock farm, defeated Pinlierton- the only
time the pair ever clashed and hex ad
mirers think she can. repeat.
Robert Pinkerton was a visitor at the
track yesterday.
"Big Bill" Knapp piloted two win
ners'.
The' pony race will be another at
tractive feature of to-morrow- and W:
S. Heart's gfeat quarter horse. Silver
Dick, will probably be favorite.'
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First race— Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and up; selling:
(H94 Priestlike (Snider) J"jJ
650B •Vlgoroso (Appleby) Jv-
O4CC Montoya (Schroeder) *¦**—
C.446 The Miller (McNeil) ™i
CT.2*! Montezuma (Capps) '"1
5D30 Tonopah (Schiff) »"*
6.*«;2 'Rustic Girl (Fitzgerald)
C100 "Targette (Fountain) -.- J»i
(!2, r >4 Royal White (Lowry) . • •. *
M82 Abydos (Stover) .• "»*
65C6 Blondura (Devin) ••- 1WB
(V»22 Brookwood Belle (Blalock) .-..*. 9*
C440 »Mesto (Wilson) * 1- «
Second race— Half mile; two-year-olds; sell-
Ins* • ' ,/-.¦>
(US- 1 ? Anita Knight (Spratt) 1«-
G42:{ »Lady Blanton (Miller) » »•
(H51 Mildred B (Schrelber) • j«r
5601 M. A. Powell " (Jones) -.....* lt~»
(G447)Meada (Blancht & Co.) ««*
•3507 »LiBht of Day (Coffey). ...... - : ™*
6483 Howard Vance (FlKgerald) i««>
Third race — Futurity coqrse; four-year-olds
and up: selling:
6484 ."VUason (Morehouse)... ..*.' -. 1(K>
G49O Quiz II (McCaffcrty)..." lri
«.•!"« Watkins Overton (Knebelkamp)... ... .113
6470 Cherries (Stover) ....'.114
«4S4 'Our Prld» (Howe Stable) : -...114
«10O Saul of Tarsus (Walz) ...US
44S0 Sir Dougal (Sheridan)' 11»;
?5409 Brennus (JucJge) . .* . : na
•64SJ •Skip Me (Madison) -. 11^
51(50 V'dnzollern (McLaushlln)....... 11«
KZii Dora I (Wellman) ' lit
63GC Sir Preston (Scharetg:) ,...119
Fourth race — One mile; four-year-olds and
up; selling.
0475 'Cloche dOr (Coffey) pg
62.:i; Goldflnder (Fitzgerald) *....; in.%
648B Yellowstone (Fine) \m
6511. Ladv Kent (Wellman) ,1ft::
frJl.T •Horton (Biancbr & Co) Id
(?i.*ill)Flaneur <McCan>rty) ;.... -lift
O4S7 Billy Moore (Rector) »...lt.5
Fifth race — Sir furlongs; four-year-olds anj
up; selling. . * ¦ .
(C"0fl)»Matt Hogan (Magrane) ..* '-..'. 1C«
6C7S John Bcsrgs (Church) '...•.... la:
6518 Impromptu (Painter) •. ic»5
648« Mocorito (Wellman) .*.*. ion-
C27O Saintly (Crowe) ni
64.T5 My Surprise (Mounce) ....ilCS
Sixth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-elds •
seHInK. . % . -
5697 Moalta (La Montanya) .* ii;.-,
CTCi The Bugaboo (EppinjceV) liiOK
ttlO Red Crosn Nurse (Ross) .......... lf>3
«M*2)Orchan (Edgewood »nn) ....• 107
645} »Dubty Miller <Sh<-r1dan> , m.V
61O-J Ruvia (Garden City S"tabie) . v ....... 9*
fil.18 Ebony (Hamilton Stable) lli»
C47i 'Florlana, Belle (Miller) 93
•Apprentice allowance.
REIXSMEN AXI> -ATHLETES
IXTKR11STED IN SPEEDWAY
Prominent Men and Many Organiza
tions Are' Enthusiastic Over 'the
Latest Park Improvement
The Amateur Drivirig and Athletic
Association, composed of many or
ganizations which have in view the
raising of a fund of $25,000,
to which the Park Commission
ers have agreed to add a sim
ilar amount for the construction' of
a new speed' track and athletic field
in Golden Gate Park, held a meeting
last evening at the Palace Hotel. W.
J. Simpson presided, at the meeting,
which was a representative one, and
announced that the project of the as
sociation had been given a great im # -
petus by a contribution from A.- B.
Spreckels of $1000, which the chair
man said had been accompanied' with
a promise that the donor was pre
pared to guarantee' an additional sub
scription of $2500. The announcement
created great, enthusiasm. The mem
bers of the association then elected .a
board of directors as follows: F. G.
O'Kane, James Coffin, E. H. Aigeltin
ger, J. L. Borden, "W. J. Simpson, T.
L. Crowley, V. 1. Kenney, I. B. Dal
zell, E. J.- Lynch; Thomas A. Drlscoll,.
T. J. Douglass and William Blackwell.'
The five first mentioned were named
as an executive .corhmlttee to super
vise the collection of contributions for
the fund.' The association decided to
Hereafter meei on' Tuesday evenings
instead of on. Thursdays.
The officials of the San Francisco
Kenner'Clab' ere Enthusiastic over, the
prospects, for . n phow of /unusual
<ruality this month vi Mechanics' .Pa
vilion. •"*.•' •'• '¦• .' ',' : ..•.-¦. •
Entries will .close", tormorrpw night
at the chlVs office, 650 Market street,
and from-.tho advance -entry it i? evi
dent 'that both '. in numbers and in
claijs of .competitors the show will
held here in recent years.
Judge Mortimer, who will pass upon
the merits of. all of the dogs, entered,
will be hfr? some days In advance of
trie oppninp of the show.
Upsides the dub's medal?, which
are of a new design and quite artistic,
and the numerous specials hung up
for the cocker spaniels, the California
Cocker Club offers twenty-four spe
oial prizes for that popular breed. A
large entry will be shown in this class.
A number of importations from
England and heavy purchases in the
East have brought to this coast during
the past year some of the best bull
terrier? in the world. This fashionable
breed is always favored with a large
entry, but this year will eclipse in
point of quality and numbers any for
mer show.
The Boston terriers are rapidly
coming to the front. At the recent
"Westminister Kennel Clufc's show at
Madison-square Garden, New .York,
149 were shown. A number of costly.
trophies are given to this breed.
. rAMOI? BENCH SHOW OFTICIAU WHO VSTLt. JfDGE AT THE FOp.THCOMING EXHIBITION OF THE SAN FRANCISCO
. KI-XNK1; n.lP. AND REPRESENTATIVES OK A RARE KREED OF MEXICAN DCGS SELDOM SEEN IN THIS COUNTRY,
. BUT. WHICH W1L.L IJE ON VIEW AT THE SHOW.
OAg-LAWO »ACETBAC?K— THURSDAY, March Sl.^Weather flnfc Track heavy.
651S. FIRST RACE-^Slr and a half furlongs; Billing; 4-year-olds and up: to first. $323.
fnde^ Horse and Owner. .. Wt St. »,4. %. %. Str. Fin. { jg^ e^_ Op ' "'
6414 Petrolla, 4 (D. McCarthy) 09 2 ... 61 4%2nlns Bonner » •
6475 Carllee « fAppIeby & Co.)... 1.07 1. ... 2 3 In 1 1 ,2 1 X? mp P .V." « 13-2
6367 MyrtleH. 5 (Mr.. Hertzell).. 102 6 ... 1 3^2 4 3 1^3 K Croaswalte • w_j
5e5« B. Moon. 5 (Mitchell & G.).. 9« 10 ... 10 9 2 8 2 4 VA Cross 15 » » *
6448 H. P. Cane, 4 (J. Green).... f>6 8 ... 0 1 7 V, « 14 5 2 Roach 10 »
C426 Impromptu, a (Painter) 107 9* ... 8 1 8n 7n $4- Haack-.... *
8436 Wolhurst. a (Kronnlck Co.). 104 3 ... 43 6^93 73 jHolbrook . 5
6461 The Toiler 4 (F. Jones) 107 4 ... 3 h «5 n 4 h * 4 *J. T. Shehn io jj
5510 Cathello. 5 (Clayton .& Co.).. 07 5 .. . ;5 n 3 1 5 n 9 fe •¦ f>
6208 Ulm Roberts. 5 (Watklns).... 107) 7 ... 7 h Iff 10 10 -|I. Powell... y W
Time— :25. :51. 1:19 1:20. At post 2 minutes. .Off at 2:17 _ Petr °" a - '» Uk % > ' ~ '^r'xom
11-10. CaHlee. place, s: 6; show; 4-5. Myrtle H, show « : 5. Winner, b JB. by Tom
Cromwell- Arabella :il. Trained by W. Preece. StarV bad TV on In »<£»>• of fwn.
Toss up between two leaders at the finish. Myrtle H spoke aver} « bort piec e tn^n
kissed herself away. Bright Moon should have won by himserr. VVas c^t off « :u£
6510. SECOND HACE>— Four furldngs; purse; maiden 2-year-old3* value to first. $323.
indeTj Horee. and Owner" : IWt!St. K. V*. %• Str- Fin. "-Jockey: ' '¦ Op. J Cl..
645f» Head Dance (El Primero Sta.) 113 4 ... ..'. 12 1 VA\ 3- fee_-./..- ••; . * *¦-.
fi207 Cardinal Sarto (Summers Co.) 113 ¦ 1 3h 2 h. 2 1% I P° me "v J . £
6351 Velna (G. Van Gordon) II 10 .1 -...-... 4 2 4 1 A jj» J. T Sfiehn * . •
C459- Dlsproportionableness cWatrs)|108 « : 6 3 5 Ja 4 2 Mou "'f,'^** *? 5 ¦
*.... Woodland* (B. Schrelber) 113 5 . ... ... B s n 7 5 5 4 P. PWll P«. .=« . J^
•H.-if* Emily Callahan (Humphrey^ 105 .3- ... ... -2-2%3 h 6 n Knapp. .... .»JJ
«459 Lampenia (Mrs. Miller).... .. 105 « 8 * «= J 12 Bonner ..*.-. 3O . lg"
C4S3 Heredia (CUffprd & Co..) .1105 7 7n 8 .8 Buxton .... 3P w
Time-r:21ii :51 At post 12 mlriutfu. Off at 2:53. Dance.' place. 1-3; 'how. out. Safto,
place. 9-5; show. 7-10. Velnk. show. .7-10. Winner, en. c. by Torso-Hula. - Tra lned by
<:. Wlncheir. Start good. Won In a gallop. Balance, driving. . cr *»es t. C a^* 1
• Sarto ran a good race. . Woodlaods ran green ' Heredia threw^hMjrtdjr^jind^Ma^wajr.
032O. THIRD RACE— Six and" a half furlongs; gelllng: : 4-year-oldsand.np; to first, <323-
Index | Horse and Owner. \\rt St. U . »i. »i*. Str. Fin.. I - JocK.ey. Pp.. C. #
<K(V) Shell Mcunt. 5 (J. R'yah).,.. 1C9 7 . « 1 6 1 4 1^3 l£ 1 h Holbrook . " 3 13-5
«470 Marelio.' 5 U Qulnla.m/ 109 8 -8.3 Bh Rn 5 3 2 *i J. T. Shehn . • »-2
."?3)2 |Aunt Polly; « (GrafTort & Co.) 107 ft 2 «i 2 % .1 n -2 1 3 na Otis »-Z
»>:jS9 IPolonius. 4 (Stewart & Co.).. 112 3 9 5 ».« 7 n 7 n 4 n HaacK ..... • 19 . J
?54SC !Toto Gratlot. 4 (P. Wilkerson) 112 ? 3 h 3 »i 21 . 1 n 5 2 I. rtrwrlr... • « '
C494 Educate, C (Heearty& Go.).. 107 2 l%ln lh 4n «H Mountain •• 1» .?"
t:235 Modder C (Buckholtz & P.).. 104 1 7n 4 1 6 2 • B'1%7.1*. Frowen .. ; » • » ;
(?49C Assessment 6 (A. Neal) 104| 9 .5 ij 7 2 .8 2 9 3 S3 |Buxton .... 10 *"•
6497 iTheodora \'.. * (P. E. Smith).. 107U0 10 * 10 10 8 V* » 3 [Boieroan .. 20. -40
«42ti !Bat!dor. .4 (W. P. Flrie).*.....J10i»| 6 4^82 .9310 ..10 IMcHannon 6 • 10
Tinjc— :24»i. -:50»i l:iSU. 1 :25!i. At post 4 minutes. Off at 3:20. Shell Itirait. plae»,'l:
rhow, 1-2. .Marelio.* place. 8-5.; fhow, 4-5. Pollyj show.* 7-10. Winner . ch. K. by Ea.- .
¦ vp.tion-.Plumcria .Tralne-1 by G. Wentworth. Start goo>l.. Won- la a hard drive- or ar*.
Shell. Mount went the overland' route. Marelio ran Ms race. Aunt Potty might -» r » •
won if she had not stumbW on the Tar turn. Polonlue ran well.- Toto GraMot quit. Too -
far' for "Educate. Modder iook^dtQ^ayeafch^nceonce^^atldor^t J^^.^^3^5c^-'
Q3211 FQlinTH RACE— ;One' mile; selling; 3,-year-olds and up: value to llrst.. g-323. . • .
Index j Horse and Owner; - {Wt Sl'-_U. *Ja- K. Str. Fi'ri: Jockey. * Op- Cl..
v *C4S2~jNorthwest .*>. (Clifford- & Co.) 89 6 1 h 13 15 14 13 Ksapp " . « -11-2 .
¦ •'470 Anirad, 3 (JW.' Coffey) S7| 4- 4 n 5 2 42 21 2 *i CroMwatt** . 2 5-.
i-4«l ildogo. 5 (C McCafferty).....-tOO! 2 22 4 2 2 ri ¦."» 2 .". 1H Bonnw. ._?•._ .-5
ri9i?Ada X 6 (Antrim Stable) 10713 « J) B 5 l«i* 6 Otis. ..;*... .7-5 13-10-.
(J4T(> Pat Morrlssey. a (J.* Ryan).. 1091 12 12 1%3 *i 4 n 5 2 Holbroek .. 10 IS
64B2 Inspector Munro, 3 (T. Fox).-. 92! 5 5 2'3*h 5 »-i 6 * • 0 Sullivan ... 13 -5
Time— .:25»TT51ii. 1.-17'^. 1:46. At post 2. minute*. Off at 3:42. ¦ Northwest, plat—. 1S-10;
show I*-" Anirad, place 3-5; show. out. Idogo show. "4-5. Winner, br. f. by Mon- ;
tana-Nina M. Trained by J. F. Clifford. Start good. Won easily Next tare« driv
ing hard. 'Winner received good handling. Knapp could have won with Anirad. Idogo/
i»id- well. Ada N was very stiff and sore. Pat Morrissey had speed; ' ' . '
.(i."*.'*!.' FIFTH. RACE— Six furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds; value to flrstl $3C3.
Index I IForse and Owner. ' •' '. IWtlSt. V* . '.-i-.' »i. Str. Fin. Jockey.. Op. Cl. '
I * " * : '
(fj.1K.S)*Hoceo <Photo" Stable).... J107! 5' ... 3h 1 ."5 14 14 Mountain -•- 2 13-S .
(6470)ll.ady Athelinp (T.McLapghlln?1U»7 8' .*.. 5 .% 4 h 2 n 2 n . J. T. Shehn * 3 l«-->-
6HC2 I Dungannon CKn-belkam-n. Co.jllOai' 1 ...-8n 8-2 «2 3 4 HolbrooK -. .«-2 11-2. -.
¦64.S»} Foxy Grandpa *(Mra. ' Coffeyi>!110| 9 ... 8n 7n 7 2 4 1« Iwxton- 4 #K
•6482 Frivot'ous (E. W. Fitzgerald)'. I -Ml 7 .... 2 n -3 =i ." h 5 s i Roach " 10 l'»
fi422 Resigned M W CofTey) |104| 3** — lh 2n .1.2 62' P. Phillips. « M«».
(34.°.4 Homeric (O ' P. Romieh) .-.'105r4 ... 4 2.52 4 *', 7 «i T. Clark.-.. 13 2f» .
•4MJ1 Tannhauser "Hayes & Co.)'.ll02i *.• ' . . . 7 2 » 8% 8,% Connell .... 2O :JO
0412 County Down '(A. A. Has!t»H)!102| 6 . . . 0 ¦ B. 1 9 9 Frowen . ;". 'SO ¦ lci»
Time — :*:."> ] i :50 a ,i', 1;18. At post 2 minutes. Off at" 4:05. ' Hoceo. place.' 1; show. T-S. '
¦¦ -\thclln^ plice. *5-5; show 3-5. Dungannon. show, '1. . Winner, br.' f. by .Take Notice-
Happy Mai Jen. Trained by D. Anthony. Scratched— Ethel Abbott. EmiL Start .good.
Won in a gallop Next two driving bard. Hoceo .drsw away from her fi'ld and gal
lopcd°in. Lady Atholing, messed about at start. Dungannon ran a good race... Toxy .
Grandpa can do better under other conditions. Resigned quit. Tannhauser not rea-ly.
<(.**¦_::. SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles; tiling; 4-year-olda & up: to first. *-".-'. .
i Index I Horse and Owner. * |Wt St. J i- : !i- ?i- Str. Fin. I * Jockey, j Op. C». .
64«riByronerT:aIe 4 (J. M. Crane). ilO5 1 VH 1 1*41 *i 1 H 1 IKnapp 4 T-2 .
(C472)|The Frcttcr a (I. O* Rourke) . j 1CS 4 4 1*^4 .1 2*h 2 2 2 5 Mountain :. 2 9-S
(0497) Galanthus. 6 (Mrs.' Corfey>...(103 3 2 1 2 tj 4 '2 4 3 3 5 Buxion .... $-5 21-r. .
*H72 Kxpedient. a (P. E. Smith).'. (105 6. .7 2J47 2_*6 L.,5 ll 4 2 Boseman .. JO r. 9
«47^ ISearcher 6 <O P. .Romlgh)..;iC5! 8 8 8 . S 6 2 5 3 T. Clark... 15 4»J
6473 !R!m Rock 0 (Joi»?s & Co.)..il02l 5 .*! 1 3 f*3 n 3 n 6 2/-JJ. T. Shehn 2»> 2.%
' C47-I !Mr Famiim 4 (McCaiTerty).ilO5| 2 5 2.53 5 3 j 3 "I 8 iBonner ! 10 12
-0472 IMoor. 5 (V. Gilbert) '. -;iO4| 7- « 1 6 2 7 ?> 8 S. jP; Phillips. | 6 12
Time— :24?;. 1:19 1:46%; 1:5."'- At post 4Vj minutes. Off. at 4:.11. Byron*rdale.
place 6-5; show. ;!-o Fitter, place. 3-5-; show. 1-3. Galanthus. show. 4-&. Winner,
b g. by Jim Gore- B.riganza. Trained by J. SBlxcn. Start good. Won in a hard driv*
of three. The departed Travers rode the- winner previous time, out and gave him a grand
•' going over There was .a ready market for.him to-day. The Fretter was best and would
h.ave won' if Mountain had sat down to r'.de sooner. Galanthus probably did hl» best.
Othfers' outclassed. '.I-;/.'.' -'V:,' ; : 'p;"r '¦¦ " * v.'.-'-' ; *;/.." X ¦' HUt
Six records were broken on the Uni
versity of California cinder path yes
terday afternoon in the«fifth semi-an
nual field day of the San Francisco
Athletic League, an organization o/
the high school athletes of this city.
Six of the high schools had represent
atives ir> the meet. The athletes o£
the Lick.' .School -carried off the first
place with G5' points. Lowell came .sec
ond with -a' total- of 54»£. Tho other
Eon testing schools came in the follow
ing or'der: Wilmerding. 12%:;'.-roly
t&chnie,V5:"i Mission, 3;*Cogcweli, 1.
. The first: l'ecprd of Ib'e day was
made by Schwartz*; of Lowell H.igh
ScJiool, who ran 220 yards in 24'sec
onds. This i3 a fifth i« a second.bet
ter than has hiiherto been made in a
contest of the San Francisco Athletic
League. De -Mamiel, another Low.ell
man, bro.ke -ths record previously Held
by himself in the mile l'un. He fin
ished in 4 minutes and 50 seconds.
Hjs best previous performance in tiiis
class was 4:52. Do. Mamiel has, how
ever, made the mile in 4:47 in Aca
demic League competition.
Mpullen of the 'Lick School vaulted
two inches higher than has ever been
done under the auspices of the San
Francisco League. . He got over the
pole at a. height of ten feet. Mager-
Ptadt of Lick excelled his own record
in the high jump by clearing the. bar
at 5 feet 6% inches. Moullen, also, of
Lick, broke his record for throwing
the twelve-pound hammer. He did- 143
feet. This is a foot farther than he
has ever thrown the weight before.
The following is a summaTy .of the
events:
Fifty-yard dash— Cope Lick.. first: Delaney,
Lick, second: Sullivan Lowell, third. Time,
:5 4-5 ""';:*¦. - - •
Two-mile run — De •Mamie*. .Lowell, first;
Meyer, Lowell, second; Gibson. Lick. - third.
Time. 11 minutes 3 .''-5 seconds.
Mo-yard run— D? Mamlel. Lowell, first; Dod-
Bon Lick, second: Champreaux. : Lick. third.
Time, 2 minutes 12 1 -.*> seconds.
IPO- yard cash — Cc[ie. Llcl- : first; -V'ken. Mis
sion, second;- Stanton. Wilmerding. third.
Time, 10 2-5 -second?."
120- yard hurdle — Monteagle. ! Lowell,, first;
Kohlborp, pecond; Kant, Lick, third.
440-yard davh — Abbott. .Lowell, first: Jones
and Johns, of Lick, tlo for second place. Time,
Zii 4-5 seconds.
220- yard hurdle — ttonner, ' I^owe'l. first;
McnteaRle. Lowell. second;- Walton. . WU'mer
dins tliird. Time. "!) seconds.
Mile relay— Ll< k. first; Lowell, second; Wil
mording. third. - .
Pole vault— Moullen I^ick first; Hotchkls?.
Lick, second ; Lleb. Lowell, third. Height. 10
Uet. ¦ , . • ¦ ¦
Broad Jimip — .Magerstkdt. Lick. fir>-t; Ron
n<"i\ Lowell. Vcond; Gould. Wilmerdlng, third.
Distance 21 feet 2 Inches.
Shot put — lionniflrld. Polytechnic,; first;
Moullen. Lick, second;- Mager*tadt, Lick; third.
Distance. 41 feet. 8 Inches. •
Hifch jump — Maserstadt, Lick, first; Gould,'
Wilmerding. F*>eond: Pembmon, Mission,
third. HelKht. 5 feet. (>'M Inches.
Twelve-pound hammer throw — Moullen. Lick.
flrKt; Vllas. Lowell, second:' HotchkiJJ, third.
Distance. 14." feet 6 Inches. "•".¦¦.-
High School Boys Prove
Clever Performers on the
Path and oh the •Field*
SIX RECORDS
BKEAK
Of an otherwise colorless card the
refreshing return to form shown by
Byronerdale, in* the closing number,
was the* feature of the sport yester
day, at Oakland. Travers, who is now
in the Eastern country with his kit
of tools, rode Jack, Crane's horse in
a race on the 25th inst. and was strong
enough to finish fourth on him. Pierce
J., it is claimed, was the real parcel
of merchandise on that occasion, but
things miscarried somewhat because
of the nominee being almost left at
the" post. . • .
There was a very wise play on By
ronerdale yesterday and after leading
throughout, he disposed of The Fret
ter, the 9 to 5 favorite, by -half a
length. ¦ . '
Mountain rode the latter with the
same skill and finesse that a car driver
would display leading an orchestra. He
waited until the -street lamps were
lighted. before setting down good and
hard to ride, and was beaten on the
better horse. Mountain has been in
the business long, enough to ' k-now
what time it is. and flagrant exhibi
tions of misjudgment**]ike this will
not add. to his popularity.
Galaiithus, the mount of Buxtoit,
went Jjack 'in the betting from 8 to 5
to 21. to 5 '.with such rapidity as to'
crush another coast* record. He.fin
ished third, of course. ' ; '• - '' : •:
. TRACK IS DRYING OUT.
The track- receivejd such a thorough
soaking that it is s!6w in drying out.
However, 'by- to-morrow fa.st time can
again be looked for. Favorites took
three of the six nurses. .^'"v ; V; V •
Despite the fact that she- warmed
up. sore 'and ¦ choppy.' the majority of
speculators backed Ada X at 7- to 5 to
win the mile selling' afTair. Otis ap
parently made every.effort to get the
mare- 'to the front,, but at- the'flnish
she was not placed. Northwest, an
eighty-nine .pounder piloted by "Big
Blip Kriapp and 6 to'l in the ring:,
made a runaway race of it, leading out
Anirad_ by three lengths. Bonher, on
ldwg'o, ran" a srood" race.- . Pat .Mor
rissey showed some speed 'early in
the game- >v.3 ,::«$'•.>¦[ - ¦
But for a mishap at the start Bright
Moon, played down to 2"£ to 1 favor
itism, would have won' the opening
event off by himself. Just as the bar
rier was released Impromptu swerved
into the first choice, and he was prac
.tically left. He then .went through the
bunch, : finishing: fourth,- beaten' less
than two lengths altogether. The win
ner turned up in Petfqlia, a 6 to 1
chan.ce, which beat (jarilee out a nose.
Boriner rode the McCarthy entry.
Head Dance -looked a certainty for
the two-year-old dash and was heavily
played at short' odds. Ridden by "Willie
See, the colt played with his- company,
winning in a canter. Velna lost the
place to Cardinal Sa'rto. Barney
Schreiber's Woodlands was as green
as a Maxell "hare. Heredia threw Bux
tcn at the '¦p'ost and scartpered about
the track for more than five minutes
before being caught. . . •
'SHELL MOUNT WINS AGAIX. -
With a purse, to his credit the pre
vious' day, Shell Mount came right back
and captured the third event, closing
favorite a£ 13 to 5. After Educate, the
pacemaker, had shot her bolt, Holbrook
hustled the favorite along on the out
side and in a hard drive earned a
head decision over Marelio. Otis fin
ished a bang up third on the rail with
Aunt Polly. The latter mare met with
poor .racing luck on ihe back stretch,
stumbling near the far turn, or *rhe
might have won. : Vt'^- ; \
In the fifth, a six-furlong selling run,
Hodeo- scored the easiest win of the
afternoon. The brown filly' had Moun
tain on her back and went to the post
favorite, although the price receded
from 2 to 1 to 13 to 5. She showed- first
before the stretch was reached .and
breezed home four lengths before Lad y
Atheling. Dungannon took the show.
• XOTES OF THE TRACK.
Barney Schreiber's black colt, Pink
erton, was due to arrive at Oakland
from L.os Angeles last night. He. will
probably be installed faVorite- in the
betting for the Gebhard stake to-mor
row. Arisbe, the crack filly from Napa
Finish in First- Place in
the Competition of the
Sa n Francisco League
In .the Forthcoming Exhibition of the San Francisco
.VKehnel Club Class and Quantity Will Both Be in
: ; Evfdence---darries Mortimer Will Judge All Breeds
Ada N, a Decided
Choice, Dumps
the Talent.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
LICK ATHLETES
ARE VICTORS
DOG SHOW OFFICIALS ANTICIPATE
A RECORD BREAKING ENTRY LIST
"BIG BILL" KNAPP ON BYRONERDALE
DOWNS THE FRETTER IN A HARD DRIVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO J3ALL, '/FRIDAY, APRIL; 1, 1904
HIGH SCHOOL BOYS ESTABLISH SIX NEW ATHLETIC RECORDS
10
probable wxxrarcxs.
ADVEBTIST^TT-TcrTg,
[E ROYlittle
CIGARS
Selected Tobaccos
Expert Workmanship
Modest Price /
Packets opjen^-^^^.
LARGE- SIZE^^TjT/
¦^^hftjP/a/l£D P05TPA/D
J J^ lM0E5/Z£ 75*
ML NiT L.MfLLER &SONS— >
fffllk r» — l53 Cr os&v St^n.Y.In accordance with regulations all
troops in the United .States went
through general muster yesterday, it
being the last day in the month. It
was a very busy merrfing for the- troops
stationed at . the : Prepidio. The i Tenth
Infantry was -the first to appear -upon
the field In front of the. General Hos
pital building, 'and shortly after ' 0.
o'clock* they were reviewed by their
commandirtg; officer, ' -Colonel 4 *C.: H.
Nbble: They ,then -went into battalion
formation in . front * of their respectlv«f
quarters, where- they were reviewed by
the different captains. ¦ %.'/..•;'•;•
'As. soon- as -the Tenth had -left • the
field .the . Twenty-eighth ¦_ Ipfantr>*
marched, -on.* with" colors flying, and pre
ceded by its .band^ 'When they^ had
lined; up' Lieutenant- •William Pitcher
reviewed them; after. which they' went
back ¦ to'; their ; own.; camp, where . '.the
final ceremonies of ,'the ' morning were
concluded. ; .', ':•'.¦. .* : . ..* "..'¦..¦•¦;¦.
• Immediately following, the ' T.wen ty' r '-.
eighth Infantry came "the" Jreview tt tha
.tnilippine scouts. -They. 'marched, on
the ground .in very' snappy "fashion, to "
the.". exhilarating :"h>usic*.oX their- ow : :i
barid!* They wjen't. through their.' "dif^
fereht :.e.yo'iution3 '•in;--: a' .ionVmendabi'e.
.manner !and:woiiod .up by". passing' In
revi.ew • bef-qrie;. • their -.Qprrimariding *om T
jeer*; 'Major ' I^rah^: 'de .'-Ii. earfingtoa;
after which they .left the. flejd ; and. the
continuation' of the * muster took. pl4.C»J
a'ftherr own cami). ¦.;"'•.-•' °. :-. . . ; ••".
• " While all' this was' gQipg..on bii-the
hospital drill field the-.trqop^'of cayali-y
stationedC in the. post proper were being
mustered 'by 'iMa jot* Bf fc'eto w.. .. ¦ *¦' . .';
.The. funeral, of -'.' Artificer. 'Hlggins,
Company B, Tenffi j n fa;ntry, .!too'k,^lace
yesterday ¦4ftfirnQ6ii.*at'«2:30'"o'cVdck ; ;at.
.the postj ' be' .being •¦.••biirred';.''wLth: fdil
regiinehtal militairi'' honors. ..-.His.-de'a'th'
was unexpected .and ; -he-tiEid
been-sick. in.- the'. general. 'hOsbftal' flv's
days with pneumonia Lt was thought-'he'
'would recoyer, but at'the.rast.-mom'erit'
h.e* '{ took;- >•;: ••tur : nV;fpfv-'the':.. worse,
and' .the- , end. •v.'canrre'; ;'. suddenly.- ..--ThV.
funeral .-was'*" .attfen^^.-'by -the-"' ejitjre.
Tepth- ¦Reg.imeii.t.'.'a'ccdrjipani'ea''. by. -the;
regimenlal ban.d,!alr the '.officers 1 '. beiti?i
in-attendanc.e.'.v .* "' * .'•-..'••:¦ '.V.'.:-'
•• Major • General VWi-rilam'.-R.; ;*3haf.teh.
retired,, came* up 'fr6m -his', ranch' >*e«;'
ttlrday.-and- will, be' : .irt towji until "to
morraxv'. .lie. spent- the 'gre'ateV par t- Qf'
yesterday ' mornl-jg:.' .in'...'.con.ver3atrbn
with. General . MacAflhuV.:. • ' ...'.. .•¦.'•
. . ,The '• FlilpJrrio. acduts/wiH-giv^ 'a"-d:'ill
this afternoon. at-.3'o'cl.ock fc flccoirnpa'riieU
by a band concert/.and at 5:.d'c]opfc M-.ijl
give dress. parade, • / •'": ." : -' *.' — " -.". .- * •
. ¦ The bottle; contained; one^ pound , of
cyanide, of: potassium and; was wrapped,
•in -a- 8hcet:of;:the,Lond6n.'.Titf;Bits of
the -date * pf.'.Pebr.uaryf;\6/:'vl904.;^In**;ii
p"6clce.t -of his", coat" was. found -a^.slx-
;0Unce.' bottle., containing", a . small <juan-.
¦tity -of .ve'ry.* thinly .diluted- muriatic;
acia.'; Nothing ¦ else -Was "found ia his
pcckefs Bavfi" two small envelopes, sueh.
as .are. used ,as 'pay envelopes -in certain ,
business plarces. On-/-one* : of these -.was.
the. number 283 "arid" ."$13
.The- '.other -fiad..' the same name"-' anil.
"JD 00" in' p.eri'cii:,on* it. * .:¦':.':' ....*> f.:..' ;
'The ..suicide v/as' about' thir-jty. years
old, stoutly' DuiU,'-*fu-llfaced, of fair .com-*'
pJexidn, '."' blue; 'eye's,'* ¦bFOwnY.haJr-'-and'
'.re'ddish '•¦jnusiache'/ ," The •.hahd'3"..wer«j
;small. for -the body ¦ahd'.eTi^ehtly those
of "an- artisan ih'iigiit -w^rk; "The' cloth-*
ilig- Was |-$ .{•o.uare.- i?ack siilt'-QC-'blatk;
¦cheviot,. \a. '. 50ft; 'biaclc : hat : and -.black
lat;ed .shoest. *A. caTd'"6f •;-the..'"Barrr ; l
House, 115.. ¦O'SFarreli street,';' Was : ,a's.o
.feuod.' * •• • '.•¦'- :• ' ' •• .'- : ..' .-.-.-.••-'-¦•
• With a pound of deadly cyanide of
potassium. In his hattd a man whose
identity 'was unknown to; the spectators
killed ) himSelf - yesterday .on board . the
Key route ferry steamer San-Jose,,. The
steamer left the^ferry "depot" at .the foot
of^-Market street- at noon,' and after, she
had weir cleared the i'slip- on hfer ,v»ky
toward^ Berkaley he ranlto the . rail and
attempted to jump into' the bay. -His
attempt was frustrated .by A. J. Bert-:
ram and Charles' McKenzie. 1 deckhands',"
who seized him just-as he got oneyles
over the "rail and forced" him^back 'to
the mtddle of - the deck. Remarking,
with, a" smile, that- it had' not .been Ma
intention : to -go overboard,- he quickly
uncorked' a large . bottle, damped it :
handful of cyanide of ••potassiuni .'.Into
his right hand and; : >iit:it .: "into" ;_ his
mouth. '• John Wash; a deckhand; tried
tcr prevent, the unforturiate . maJi . frdm
swallowing ' the poison, but Vwhlle hs
.had.hold of him. the .suicide fell : to' the
deck a- corpse. .; -^*i; . - ." ' V ,' .V ¦¦:
Deckhands Prevent Him
Jumping Into. • the Bay,
but He Foils HisEescuers
Funeral of Private Higgiris,
Artificer of Tenth Infan
try, Attended by Eegiment
BUSIED WITH HONOES
HE EXPIRES INSTANTLY
Infant ry arid the Philippine
Scouts Make Fine Shawing
During Regulation Drill
Stranger Swallows Poison
in Presence of Passengers
olt:(he Steamer San Jose
TROOPS MUSTER
AT PRESIDIO
SUICIDE DIES
ON FERRY BOAT
Retiring Cashier Edwarfl A. O'Con
nor of the. postoffice was presented
yesterday Hy the railway postal clerks
with *a diamond locket as a farewell
token, of their esteem for him.
Cashier O'Connor Remembered.
-vThn -Hi-bernia -Dank, which recently
prpebred .tlR "discharge of C. .W._ Pur
xtn&p6n;'£s ad?a"irjstr*ator of the estate
of yesterday filed
ejn- ppf,osition * to "the^ peiitioa of
CJj'ar'le* \y._".R*obiiison, ion of the de
ceased., for" special -letters of adrain
1«ratVori upon-" the estate. Tobin : &
T.o'bin. sttolxeys. for the bank, charge
that -Robinson' is.-.trantinjg in Integrity
and- thet his. sole" object in seeking the
appointment i« to.absorb and plunder
the estate to the. detriment *"of the
batik's*. in£ei*e"s*t In certain realty be
longing' to the esfate. The applica
tion of Robiru=oa"was *«Pt for hearing
yesterday. *>ut wa» continued until
Ap^tl-g* "Tr^i is the estate out of
which- grew, the 'sensational jillega
t:-ons concerning .Attorney George D.
Collins aod whioji also caused the pre
ferment-By Collins of charges agains't
Judge- Kerrigan.
.Bank Attacks Kobinsrui.
City Attorney Renders' an Opinion
Relative, to- Judgments Obtained
Against Municipal -Employes."
. City Attorney Long " yesterday ren-.
dered. an opinion that it is the duty of
the City Treasurer to refuse payment
of" a demand ' .presented by Justice's
Clerk McComb and -drawn : In favor of
David Russell, a police officer. The
demand had not been assigned to Mc-
Comb; but had been deposited tiy the
Auditor with McComb in accordance
with the Civil Code upon notification
of the recovers' of judgment against
RuFpell by. one of .his creditors.' Long
holds that the Auditor is required to
draw his ."warrant in" favor of .the
court in which the judgment is ren
dered for such ah amount of the judg
ment debtor's demand as may be re
quired to satisfy the judgment and Is
not exempt* from execution, and 'at the
same time to audit and fallow the ex
cess in favor of the judgment. debtor.
As .the Auditor has not followed this
procedure in the cas»e of Russell's'de
mand Long says that it is the Treas
urer's duty to refuse payment there
on to. McComb as clerk of the Just
ice's Court: V:'^
Sues Assailant for Damagcsi
' M. H. Rubin, who on the night' of
March 4 was assaulted by. Fred M.
Farrar Jr. and hadly beaten, sued Far
rar yesterday for $105*0 damafees. The
assault, which occurred at tlie corner
of Sutte'r and Kearny streets, was, ac
cording" "to Rubin's complaint, un
called for and nrac U> the -malicious
ness of the defendant.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Petitions in insolvency were filed
•yesterday as follows in the United
States District Court: George F. Lang
.try. tailor, Point Richmond, liabili
ties $1520. assets $350; John H. Rey
nolds, fireman. San Francisco, liabili
ties 52974, no assets.
NKED NOT TAY DEMAND ;
"",; • • TO " JUSTICE'S CLERK
O. GarlbaJdl's illustrious surname Is
not his only clairn to distinction, for
he was the first person arrested for
violating the new ordinance .which pro
hibits the driving- of a vehicle so that
one of its wheels rolls along the iron
of a street railway track while the
other revolves over the pavement.
When the Merchants' Association
called the attention -of the. Supervisors
to the Injurious effect w.hich .the Gari
baldi style of drnving had upon the
bitumenrsurfaced roadways of the city
the board promptly responded by pass-
Ing the prohibitory measure referred to
and the police were instructed to run
in any one they might catch in the act
of. Infringing It. One of the wheels of.
O. Garibaldi's wagon was deepening
one of the grooves that runs parallel
with and at regulation.: wagon^width
distance from the car tracks on* Marktft
street when Patrolman M. J. Hennessey
scooped hjm in, and yesterday to Judge
Mojan the defendant pleaded ignorance
of the new ordinance's existence.' "
Five dollars or five days. ' .
W. A- Small, who was brought back
from St.. Louis to* answer Miss. Josie
Sinke's complaint that he had stolen
her diamonds, was -arraigned and ln
structe'd .before Judge. Fritz. He says
he will prove the accusation .an a'b
surdity/rr^Jir' : : 7:v~ '. " ' • ¦
Disappointment fell- to. • the lot of
many persons who assembled in Judge
•Fritz's' court- Wednesday evening to
listen- to testimony in the case of- Max
Katzauer,- charged -with having re
ceived certain, property which lie- knew
had been stolen from q. .Southern Pa
cific freight car. But a surprise was :
sprung: which more, than cbnVi>ehsa.ted
for the failure to examine witnesses.
- The hearing had been continued -from
the morning session and when ail was;
ready for the. opening of- the. evening
performance Attorney. -Allen, for • the
defense, suddenly produced a writ of
prohibition- which he had secured f rom
•Superior Judge Kerrigan during the in
terim, on "the ground that on December
S, 1904, the defendant had been held to
the Superior Court on exactly the same
charge which Judge Fritz was there' to
hear against him..' This' announcement
was followed by an'-applicatlpri-. for thq
release of. Katzauer on habeas corpus,
and Attorney Kelly, for the prosecution,
was apparently very much' startled. uy
the suddenness with which the-opjtosir
tion had operated. ..- .;".".-
The whole matter will be" heard .he
fcre Superior Judge Troutt. on., April S:
After they had been married twenty
three years it occurred to John Mysano
and wife that their mutual happines3
would be .promoted by .separation,- "so
they began dwelling apsjrt, the grown
up children' of the couple- accompany
ing the.mother. That was three months,
ago; and the in'cerirn was apparently
less brimful of bliss tj>an the disunited
ones 'had expected,- for last Wednesday
they met in the office of a local attor
ney ..with the announced purpose of
effecting reconciliation and a resumj.%
tron of doubje harness! While the ne
gotiations were.. In progress- the" wife
said or suggested something that- ftetr
tied the husband;- with the result that
he smote her and -their adult son witii
art umbrella, for. which he was arrested
arid charged wiih assault. After the
facts .had been fully explained, to Judge
Mogan -he took them ujider advisement
and will ha.nd down a decision -to-.day,.
W. J. Cameron, known in police, cir
cles as "The Terror of- Point Lobos,"
was arrested several ' weeks ago for
running ' amuck .in. that suburb and.
scaring some of the residents thereof so
badly that they still shudder when they
recount their experience..- Charges of at
tempt to kill and carrying a deadly
weapon were entered against the man.
and the "case was assigned to Judge
Mogan's court. "With the intention of
making as respectable an appearance in
that tribunal as he could with the aid
of purchasable auxiliaries, "The Ter
ror" applie.d for and obtained permis
sion to go ' forth and equip himself
with a clean collar, and that was the
last seen of him in the Hall of Justice
until yesterday,* when he was afrested
and sent u.n for arraignment.
'.'I'm afraid," said Judge Mogan, "that
the conduct of tho defendant in this
case has prejudiced me to such an ex
teAt that it would be better for both qf
hs and mom in # the line of justice if he
were tried in another court. So I will
transfer hte casa to. Department No. 4,
where I. am sure he will be given fair
.. Having thus averted a conscience- *
trying oordeal, his Honor "turned" to* the
case of Mary Fogg.^eharged with ipetty
larceny iind "vagrancy, and heard the,
tale i}T Frederick Fellv,. the complain-'
irig witness. .It was the oft-told story
of man's trust ami woman's perfidy.
They met in a Kearny _ street home of
Terpsichore/ where Mary Fogg nightly
tripped the light fantastic and led her
partners to the bar, where she permit-t
ted them to treat her to- liquid refresh
ments. After she Had danced and im
bibed with Frederick Felix " until his
legs were wobbty and his brain reeling
he counted his cash and found that It
?9 50 less than it would have been if
some one had not gurreptitiously dis
possessed him of that sum. It* Jarred
his feelings to suspect Mary Fogg qf
dishonesty, for In the matter of drinks
and dance's her deportment "had been
integrity, personified^ buf there was no
other target at which his suspicion
could be aimed with even a "shadow, .of
reason. So he had .her arrested by Pa
trolman Holmes.
"I'm an hopest woman," was the de
fendant's plea, "even if I -do work on
percentage."
"Percentage of what?" inquired-, the
court.
"Percentage of the drinks I sell."'..
"The fact of your worhing on ' per
centage'^does not prove you honest any
more than It convicts you of dishon
esty,"" was the Judge's finding; ."but
the evidence of this complainant and
Scaffini sa\-s he had a fist fight with
Piscia, but denies firing a shot. He
alleges that Piscia is wanted in Bos
ton for throwing a man off the top
of a house, but Piscia. says it- is false.
¦ Piscia alleges that Seaflini and thre.e
•others were playing bacchi iri the fear
of a saloon at Bay and Taylor streets,
when a dispute arosd and piscia told
them to go away and not have any
trouble. '.Seaflini went away and while
the "others* weretalking on the t side
wa.lk In front -of the saloon he "re
turned and wanted, to- fight' Piscia, who
declined the Scaffini. -it. is'
alleged, pulled a. revolver out' of his
pocket atid Piscia. iLhrowing back' his
coat, said:' "Go ahead, and shqcTL"
Scaffini fired a ?hot, the bullet grazing
Piscia's right che.ek".* ¦ . -. '
A^ ScafHnl. a fisherman living at
26 IB .Leaven worth street, was arrested,
yesterday afternoon by Detectives
Wren and Taylor and booked at the
City Prison on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon. Dorriiniqo
Pise i a.. 4 29 Bay street, is the com
plaining witness and swore ".to the
complaint before . Police Judge Ca
baniss; • ' • • ¦ .
A. Seaflini Is Arrested on a Charge
of Assault With a. Deadly
Weapon.
FIS11ERMAX ACCUSED OF
. ' SHOOTING AT FRIEND
•"ViJ*ii'd,ge .. '*H€bVan3*. annulled", the mar-
Tia^'e.'.'of M^rie ITrances .Winn Osgood
;tV/' Jcnrg> Leander Osgood oti-.the show
trVg.Vf : th"<e plaintiff 'that Osg&od had*
b..«?e".n"; xn'arried -bofore -and had not b»eh
filyorkf*!..' 'O*goo<l is "the man" who was
're'rerj'tiy. arref.ted.c in Oak]and. on . a,
charge, of, bigamy. N .'> 1 -. "¦':-•[ .*¦¦
wants. a divorce from
..iia : i^s.v.^." : /tlbeTt:;.'c.n the gTound of de
;*.^^h.;"';'£ad;":".Eva,. :S, Rhodes wants' a
<iiv<»rce lr«m : . Alvjn -\S V . Rhodes for in
'^iejityX-\:;3C^ert3.6a''.-ia.- alleged in the
fiieij. .by: Ella .Finnigan
fflp^-h^t-'.^htirriaj&.'iC. -.Finnigan..- . • •.'-...
y-'.fOrt-'ilie: vliugh; Packer, civil engineer ;
Ijinjt jbrp^ty^iiited 'States. Mineral Sur-
: .;;the';defe.hdaiit in' a' suit for
.-^Ivorsi? C'e"<iVii-y..'. Florence Marion Pack
?t^v;-j!Hit *K^»;jbt : divorce on. the ground
;«>i^ue|t5%;$L|Jfeeir,-g that because. of her
J'ftii"sb'fth^rg';.'.*ai.g-gar.<liiness ¦ and miserly
'l;i*e^e^^iej«'"""-'^jpr. : toarried. jif e has been
;V..m.ofeV".misu;r.at)i^-;one. ; : She says he is
.?<!'; tiinj^Xha't '.for' .th.e last three years
i^^-]l^^^^*«l^'..sW.t>Ott $5 a w.eek to
;;i ; ;tiiiv^r>e;.'hpu>e :on ? arid that nxitwith
] {ix;&-k$iiik"t:h£i : shv: did her best • to pro
¦"S'ld'o-rtherrj'^both with', food, on that
: 's:^>3BTJt. -tie '.constantly' abused tier *>e
yi-'fCtitfey'Lwhat..- she did- pron-ide was not
vt^t«fc- : f5h*' •"•s'ays also.Vh'e alio wed her
.¦.'•t-y\ : ;.f)nr--dr.f^s:a year, and thfn com-
herself to a gar
1 A -"hort time
the grew kaurtliy. sick
rVa : nxi-ii«4^;f;.l3ivihg after Eiich a fashion
:a;ftd%e^iredhirn't.« leave her alone and
;«^:^-.\h'ei-;..;'to'yca.rir a ..'Jiyihg for herself..
<ff^a<ic'j?irt"ed' -her- offer, she. says, and
t* klly^i J?a ; :;her to go out • iiito the world
;^;L^fi'.g:ivJng:'her *jr.ly^ a rocking chair
f.-£/j$';pf. •t.fceii'-.'hptsi^lOld possessions. On
.'ifrfnuritSof.'.in. he.althv .she s'ays, she is
t;-i'^-;,'tjiiafje_'t'i make a. living for her-
{hv. court to give her
'.a ; ..-;<}fr «¦$>¦:• .«?f v -.«iiv6.-ce . and sufficient
¦""r?"on't*biy/-.'*rimpi:y c to provide' for • her
.vjvpV'ri'p.': f.-Fh"-».'-»a'y8. h$ can w-?ll afford a
.:Rf^Vy/'Fyrh," 'bV-lng'in.'the receipt of a
:/£sLt*£«;i*£ctaa'tt and hav-:ng. 5S3OO "in bank.
Zp^kvZ&T . HUSBAND ALIVE.
.O.'V'.5:riti|5a" J-i Reynolds wantsiier mar-.
.- r/iif^- : Vp F.t«?ph«;n M". Reynolds annulled
"¦•h.Vta."i«'e; ; wheri eh.e rnarried him she be-
: :^f*vpd.'-hef.'firFt husband. C. Ll Gillett.
¦>.';.h<?'.(jip.'id. Sh'e.cnly recently learned
¦MCrf'^ier^anistmke. ' •
.:.:'• .fi'pcree!"' of'dlvo-fce -were ptanted. to
¦•^rlrpma'.".!* .Tiarntord from James Bam-
f^r-' neglect,. Alma M. Ferguson
/i{r;rn'' : ivV>hneth .Ferguson for neglect,
X\V-i : :iiam-.. Reh < tu4 t *--.' rom Lizzie Reh
. q'-uate'.fQr iies-ertion arrf Alt'xqnder Corii
r.aAjpli-'*on -from .Anna Connaughtan for
'cruelty. ¦'•• ¦'..-' : " " . ; '. ".;. ¦¦'
v-".^u'(!ge f-eawell Tmade an order, dircct
. ing-Lonnaird Clcve, a pattern-maker, to
¦\pky\iZQ *« rn'onthfo Sadie I. Clevp. his
;": 'Je"fff .'.••.'w.ho - sued hirn for maintenance.
. ¦.CJ'p.'ve' .earns t( a, day. *
CIIARGES DESluKTIOX.
y^ji'l?':'4;>g^p)i;-.rthie: arid: "lo.ving husband
iv^riii^Xl'to. :. -TYaJla'ce further charges
ihdt Ms ippusii<?nee' .assaulted him with
;i^hli>; 4iT>A that , she! frequently abused
•hidjKSt ,;?L; :^trVi|;d'f ul . rate -without . provo-
M^ : Cj i sf*J-diyercfe''b>cause- Mi's.- Wallace
Vili^h^V;-Ar^I34i"V. his -meals, rdir- him nor
fli&ys-iMixi.'anyiot'-iVidse] wifely atten-
¦f^^:i-^Jn$i^tv'-ro^ : -^lYoVc^ %fi1ed-/by;;
liji^O^' l^tx^'fl
ioN:» : .hV^iri ;' : lte;- was'jtriaj^;ed';a.t'.;iiartinez-
W v <fe-*5;"y-JE?B..rk ;«^;^h^^aiJeeesVthat' -he
'^ji£s : : ia' ' -di ytiTce ipfiiikiise JiA rs, .' . tabell
'•; -.; S. h;iri:^^h^:lif^g^r • Ioyipil;:hiin. ;that
thv Tiatod . him -and that- --she-. would
hi tixM':'-b:e.-. an • eld -rfcinV -darilng.: ihan
a mars Elave." ~H*. Bays also.
vh^t'sh.e. btiff Msf^e'lJ-ngs by.'.*i*ccusing
her .-mother and by callr
'i^fe^.i^(5^.;itved- -gambler." '.';'¦'. .':¦ ¦
: ; H'«.'^«;iiaee i ;. -ythcr . was- -married: to
r .EigV'^t^TAflace-..' l JaLt"'-PortIan"d.. in; 1S97,
" An. Bm.eridte.fl tyrfttf''*"* filed yes
terday by. bi-.-'Vy. ¦¦B/lEsTTes cf the Hotel
St:.Xich6ias lri t hc Clt vcrce proceedings
.irj?: ) nsti't\it'?<i - : -w.ecks "a-po against
'.iS^H^^ia^j^^^AV^^ >"ho' in" his
;<>rii^ttaJ : "fqmi?'^ai.i«t jiccufie<J Mrs. "Estes
: /if : /i^-ea;tix^?.Hi^'-'*i r .*'cr''i6i. and in-hu
¦•ifi^^aifn^arii.'^?' injurahg' his- prac
-iv<je';Vby-¦•'.her'.yr.5.'JchV.V''".' onduct, c in • his
¦ja^ii^d^aV p«itr;pliinf '/say* -that".,anothcr
: i;«CSon i;*;tijr :h» '¦¦desires to. be"- freed 'Xrom
:^si^ti*mo^;ai -bPtids fs.""hi"s- w{.fe*& : aJ'
l«^*^;.ij^<^'n^^\ : With./iLiie'* officers' of
> .'Xo^:^hUe^he yes' r
SeJ i"jfr?i4 /: ;»iic-!ioif^d '^herei i^'lte" :^a-y^.f^ e '
Vpfeni; 1^ /a}>;^Tje.2iv;'d?aly of.'-"*t!.in'e ¦ with, the
vlJjerr^lTj^,;^a.'i^wp^ted';frpm
.-. Captain Dunle\*y with one exception
has the longest recprd of 'service. H«
•joined the force on May 1, 1868, exactly
.brie'.* month . after Detective Sergeant
nobert Hogan became a tfiembar of the
department-. At. that time' he was 37
years of age. He became a sergeant on
December .27, 1S7S, and a captain on
;SIay 5. 1SS4. His record has been an
"honorable one, and his bravery and
efficiency at all times won for him the
admiration of his brother officers. \'fi
The retirement of Captain Dunlevy;
will be follovred by the promotion, of
Lieutenant Joseph J. Burnett, who is
next .era the .eligible list.- It is probable
that Burnett will be- assigned to the
central district. wUh which he- ty thor
oughly familiar, and that .Captain. Duke
will tie assigned to the harbor district
The assignments are in- the hands M
Chief Wlttman. v .. '• . •
•
The Police Department will soon lose
the services of Captain Andrew J. Dun
levy; w.ho for nearly twenty years has
Keen in c.harse of the harbor district
At the -last quarterly meeting of thp
Police Tension Board an understanding
was' reached, between him and the board
that he w'ould retire' at the next quar
terly "meeting, -which will be held on
Mpnday afternoon. In accordance with
this understanding the captain has fil-«rt
his" application to be placed on the rp
tlred- list. . -
Savs He Is 3kHo Unhappy by
S]3^s^;Tolinipr Him That
She: Tioved Him No Longer
Vacancy Will Be Filled
by. the Promotion of Lieu
tenant Joseph. J. Burnett
IL4S HONOKABLE BECORP
LiBELIL^VaNI^ DITOECE
AV.: B.: Estes S^^ljis- Wife's
XondijCt With^ea Fighters
,y Calised HhW.3Iuch-.3Ii.sery
His Application "Will Be
. Acted Upon by the Pen
sion 1 Board Xext Monday
DUNLEVY WILL
SOON RETIRE
DOCTOR BLAMES
NAVY OFFICERS
ADD$ DISTINCTI0N TO NAME
THAT SHEDS, BRIGHT LUSTER
O. Garibaldi Goes on Record as the First Man
Who Is Arrested for Having Violated the New
Law for the Preservation of. Street Pavements
Thus was closed an incident that for
a'mnnth kept the first circle of*Barbu.ry
•Coast society i.n a state of 'feverish in
terest. The prominence of the contend
ing parties in both theatrical and social
life -and the general suspicion tlmt "un
derlying- the stated reasons- for tWe at
tack upon. Miss Alberts— billed .as Mile,
Gismonda— were the elements of love,
JealouSy' and hate, with a man at the
bottom of the combination," served to
keep the gossips agog «nd to pack the
courtroom at every performance. •
Lola Hallett and Liilie King promptly
paid the 510 fine which judge Mogan
imposed upon each of them for having
assaulted Marie Alberts in an under
ground -theater at Kearny and Jackson
streets. , • .
Charles/Martin declared. it wag hun
ger that prompted him to" steal, a copy
of . the Daily Gall .from the bootblack
stand at 407' Bush- street, .where it had
been deposited ; by 'a. carrier. -.'. ' - .' .
' "But 'you didn't intend' to «?at the
»ie\vspaper, did 1 you?" inquired Judge
Megan. • "While .The pall unquestion
ably .furnishes excellent food for the in
te-llect, I doubt that as an e/lible it
would be either, palatable or digestible."
• Mr. Martin, explained that his purpose
was to sell- the paper arid purchase, ma.r
terial. with- the proceeds of the sale
wtth which his " gastronomic craving
might be appeased. "!""..
He will be sentenced -to-day for petty
larceny: • • ' .
Various j witjti.esses_ testified' in- Mo
gan's court .that' James Snow, colored,"
acted, like.. a veritable dime-novel' des.
perado last Friday -night .when he rob
bed- gi "man. at ' Ke'arny ''.and vGearj*
streets and then led a number- of- po
licemen, and c-itizeris a lively ch'ase-un
til he was- cornered' and : overpowered
at Stockton and Post- streets. ' ". .'¦•
• ' While a man "named NelsoriY'strariger
in town, was breathlessly "watching the
latest wired intelligence from f he scene,
of the Britf-Corbett engagement. . as
flashed upon the newspaper, bulletin,
•screens, . ; .his • watch . was . suddenly
snatched by Srio.w; ; wh§ then flourished
a- big knife ..and ' -threatened, lo carve
any one who- attempted' to stay his con^
templated jflight.-. But .the menace "fail
ed of. intended effect. • As- th« negro
ran iip Geary street he" 'was.' .purslie'd
by several- witnesses: of his crime, and
one of them, F.- C. Jaegef; overtook
and' grabbed hiriii Quick-as.a'flash the
desperate fellow 'slashed ' his captor .-on
the hand, .inflicting a deep ..cut, then
shook himself loose and continued his
run until, he entered ' an- alley which
proved to : be a.cul! de sac. ¦ There the'
pursuing- crovM held.' him at bay,' one
of the men keeping a- pistol leveled .at
his.'head, until policemen arrived and
secured the fellow after he had fought
them ".uhtfl .ho could fight no longer:
. When these facts. had been heard -.by
Judge. Mogan' he held' Mr. .Snow to
•answer . in th? S.upef^pr; .Court." the
charpe of grand larceny and then, sen
tenced him. - to three . months' impris
onment for assault with a deadly wea
pon, .- Y-r. • " •• *- •' ' ' ¦ '.' :
• " :•.-••
For conducting a lottery business at
121 Geary street George -Lewis, a young
man with a rotund and shiny face,
was ordered to appear for sentence to-!
day in the court of Mogan.. The latest
fl.ne. for .this" offense was imposed by
Judge • Fritz :last ; W e dnesday, .and: he
¦made Jt J150. * . • .;* ' . "...-¦
• • •
¦D.- J. Murphy and Miss Dottie ipVil
liams were engaged in" a "wordy dispute
in the lady's apartments at 106 Eddy
street* when the landlord of the house
interfered, and in the scrimmage -which
en-sued -he and. MrJ;" Murphy embraced
and rolled' down the stairs, clutched in
e'ach other's arms. Judge Mogan fined
Mr. Murphy " ?5 for disturbing the
peace. . . . -
For stealing a cheap watch from
Frank Stork and pawning the article
CharFes F. Brennan was given thirty
days' imprisonment -by Judge .Fritz,
and for pilfering J3 from Victor "'?Ves
terholm's" pocket J. J. Schinick was
sentenced" to six months in the County
Jail. Then the Judge named half a
year's incarceration as H. HoskoinQti's
punishment 'for stealing a diamond
ring.-from Miss C. .F. Nutting. ." '
this *pollceman' suffices to prove you
guilty of the charge now .against you.
You'll be sentenced to-morrow."
As .Miss .Fogg was led away she con
fidentially informed Bailiff Hickey that
the statutes of the State" of California
must remain defective until they pro
vide for the pVoper protection: of ladies
who work' on percentage.
• ••" •¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; : FRIDAY, AlvRIL : 1,* ; ! 1904:
Teresa. Hfridry will be given opportu
nity on April- Tt<i explain to Judge Slo
gan why sheVp-ersigts in hounding W. F ;
' Whittier, -oh; .wliose complaint sne * has
been . arrested;' for -having bombarded
•with rocks/ihjs; ; residence oh Juckson
street." beUveen JOctayia "and "Lapuria.
Her attorney V;|nsisteia on having the
complainant orrl^red to appear in court
yesterday^ and". failing in that' he sum
moned a son of MVV-.Whittier. The Judg«
did not approve V the energetic lawyer's
method of; '.' procedure, "and roundly
scored him.for^ragjging the young man
away from .:h}s;:;.b«^ih»?ss: with no other
apparent mdth^.tban-ihat of. ascertain
ing from him .where his father was. to
be found. • Then the continuance was
ordered. ' .¦ "..,•••
• Mrs. Mary Stange, 710 -McAllister,
street" '-secured ; a warrant from • PoUce
Judge' ' Cabaniss . yesterday afternoon
for the. arrest of her' husband," Waiter
J: ¦ Stange, on a charge' of battery. She
says' thej-. have been .living, apart' for
the- last . three -. months j and she found
that he had been" visiting another wo
man. " On'.. Wednesday night -she met
him. an<J • taxed him' with 1t**and.^sTie
says. iie."8truck her "a-'vicious-.blov'/ ,on
the mouth.. ; • . " : , •. '• • *.' •**'
Since .her compulsory retirement from
the. sc^ri*? ofVth.e; attack Mile. Gisrnonda
has bopn :>vhnt. the..' dramatic; journals
term "rest inp;'.*'. viler :ns?ailarits Continue
to charni at the.oid st an< i.
Says "Husband Struct Hpr.
Fatnlly Row. Ovetr Money . :
.*. John* Hall ;is tire, plaintiff • iri," a-.stfit
to ..determine* the ownership*. jof '3 500 0-
: on. depo'si-f f. iri'" .the • HJbernia' Bank.
Kitty Hali.^his- .wife.- is. i the;-defe ; Md"ant.,
HaVji ..claims'" ';that t*".e'."eWh.'*4s •'coni'i;
muriity. .property*- : ah'd>Uh«t-.'therefo'tfi
his:\vfte"S; claim- that sh^
all .'t^e "mQney.:shoulti' liot-' b-e : ..a.ll6jyed
•by. :¦ the-.*'.b"anfc -authorities- until ihe'
c.ourt..ae'terrnirie's th¥-<iuestiori. - : .' :"•'
Die,s.:^4-oin. Il^art Faikire;
.• /The death" of Policeman*. Thomas.:. t';
CashirV.at 1 Ms-home, . 609^, $xdve^..s.tre^t;
ft 6m. heart failure ¦•on-. Wednesday- was
reported at: • -headquarters yesterkJay..
Ca'*3hin' vreis 33/ years •' of age- and; Joined
the force on December 4/.1900.* •. ¦/ *,
11
THE Pi: " FECT CAN OPEN'-
ER FREE TO WANT ADVER-
TISERS IX XEXT SUXDAVS
CALIj. THE "PERFECT CAX
OPENER" Is the latest and best
opener on tlie market and THE
CAL1*, in offerin-? Its -want ad-
vertisers an opportunity to se-
cux*e thLs up-to-date and most
useful household utensil without
cost* Is certainly doing 'them a
service that should bo- appre-
ciated. Be > sure to brinj? your
want ad. to THE CALL. Full
particulars of this offer appear
In the "Want Ad." columns of
to-day's CALL.
' ! ADVUKTISEMENTS.' V . ' ;'
Another Cause bf High Bills
'I and Poor Lights
I5fev^ ' ' 7 W ' A FLAME LIKE THIS INDI-
' / W CATES THAT THE GAS
V J/ ' ' BURNER NEEDS CLEANING.
'^^ Qi CALL AT THE;. • ...... . -
Iflformatfari Bureau, Gas Company's Office
FOR A CLEANER. ' "
BAILWAY TRAVEL. ' : :. .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY: tO.
v ' • LESSEE : . ' • . •
SAN FRANCISCO AND. NORTH PACIFIS
RAILWAY COMPANY. . • .
Tjburon Teivy. Toot of Market Street.
SA1T PRANCISCO TO . SAW BAFAEJi,
AVEEK DAYS— 7:30 » WV11-.00 a. nj-; 1^:33. ;
3:30, 5:10. p. m.. ""tursdayg — E>tra* trip'
at 1 1 :30 jv t«.' , .' • " • •' •
Saturdays — Extra, trip at 1:5* and 11:80 p, m. •
-' SUNDAYS— S:00.. 9:30. Jl:JM> a. .in.; l;K0..
3:30'; :5:00. 8:20. 11:30 p.-rh. ••
SAN RAFaEL : TO SAK TBAlfCISCO.
\VEEK I)AYSr : -'6:05.i".7::rJ5...'t.:5O.-.9:2«, U.:15
a. rh.; i2;:50,/ 3:40. -6:00; 5:20-p: nr. • * ".
eaturaaj-Srr-Extra.trlr>*at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
'SUNDAYS— S:CO 9:40, 11:15 a. : .m.; i:40,.
3:40. 4:55. »:<K>. 6:25. p. m. * ;' ¦ --;: : : -
* . Lea"ve'. "I* In Effect * I .. ' Arrive' . *
Pan Francisco. | . Sfpt. .27. ¦ 1903 ; j San Francisco,
"Week I Sun- K. . Dejtlna- " I Siin.-if! Wwk
Days/ I days. -| . .Won.- ¦ | days.' (: Day's..
7:30a 8:00a!. ••¦' , " *' . 9: 10 aV S : 4^a*
. ". * 9:30 a Ighacio. ¦ 10:40 a|l'0:20 a
. 3:30 p 3:30 p . . • ¦¦ *¦ -6:05 pi "6:20 p*
5:10 p 5:tX>p , . . ' ¦ 7*35 pj- •;-;..-,
7:30a . -. '¦.-¦¦- .'¦ ¦ -¦ .• f 9:l0'k|;;jS's40 a
V".— - 8:00 a' Novato/ 10:44* rI10.:20. a
•3:30p 9:30 a P^talu^la • 6:05 p -6:2t) p-
. 5:10 p 3:30 p • and ' - 7-;35.? -•>>; v: - ..'
5:00 p| Santa Rosa. . f '.-.;¦ ¦':."'¦¦•.
7:30 a ~*^ T -~~ r . *. |10;jq a*10-26 a
.' . • 8:00a) FUltbn.- . I 7:*K»'p ' JB:*^) p
3:30 p. 3 :3O»[ ; . * ¦ | *,.:;-, ¦*. .... '
'.- * I -Windsor,' * •'- -¦• ..¦•¦.¦
¦7:30 a S;00 a HeaMpburg, *- 10:**0 a 10:20 a.
'• Lytton,*. . • : : ¦'•:¦¦•—:¦.
3:30 p 3:3» p Ge^ryllle, '" 7:35 p -6:20 p
- . Cloverflale. • ¦• :• • •
7:30 a S:60a Uopland . 10:40a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:3Opl aiid Uklab. 7:33 p 6.20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| • W'ilUtT! *1 .7_:3S p| 6720~p.
7:30a! 8:00a! . : . :•'-.- |10:40'all0;20 a
3:30 p"{ 3-:30p| ¦ GucrneTllle. ; |7:33p|6:20p
7:30 a| 8:00 dl ' Sonoma.'.. I 9. **0 at 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| . Glen Ellen. | 6:03 p| «:20 p
7:30 al 8:COa| '» ¦ ¦-¦•. 110:40 allO:2O a
3:.*.">pj S:30p|' 8«ba.stopol.'. { 7:354>j 6*:20 p"
STAGES connect at Green Brae* tot * San
Quentln, at Santa Rosa for. Whit? * Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton lor Altruria and Mart* .Weet
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Ska<^K3.- Springs; -at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. -Booneville* and. Greenwood; at
HoplanV) for Duncan Springs, Highland Sr«ring3;
IKelseyvlHe, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port»and Bartlett Springs; at UkiaJj for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga SpVlngs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, " Upper L*ake. Pomb,
Potter; Vall«y. John Day*^. Riverside; Llerly's.
Bucknells, Sanhedrin .Heights. Hullyille, Orr'«
Hot Springs, Halfway. House, Comptche. Camp
"Stevens, Hopkins, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
"West Point. Usal; at Willits for Kort Bragg,
.Westport. Sherwood." Qahto. Covelo. Laytoa-
ville. Cummings, Bell's Springs. Harris, Ol-
ren's. Dyer, GarberviHe^ Pepperwood,
and Eurek^. . - - t
»-¦ Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . "-• • ¦¦ •. • ':",: ,-.¦-'
. On . Sunday .round-trip tickets to all points
beynnd S*^n Rafael at half rates. " « .
Ticket offices, 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.- . .
H. C. WHITING. R: X. RYAN. ' ¦
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt. *
IVIt. Tamalpais Railway
Lemw~ Tk'SitmUU turj Arrive
SsaPtandaCT fwtrf MaricMa Saa Prand«cr>
Week J Son- .• yja^? .-¦ Son- Week
Days, days JHfrmPH^. days Days.
•IM9 1l*8:OOa MUiUjdA 12:O5pf0T45J
•1:*5f 9:00a «&«»' l:2Srl:Sur
•:l»f 1O:OOa «gSSV' l:in r 5:.'.» P
11:OOa -WBgar «:50p »:«O»
. nCUT J 63ft Maxjcxt ST^North Shore Railrc«4>
flmOS ) and SAUKALrro Fmr. Foot Mark* Sc
"EASTIlR riOI^N '¦¦. AR^LppnlMEN^wiTH.. NEXT . SUNDAYS GALL
; LAHWAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA . I
LIMITED TO CHICAGO I
LEAVES DAILY I
. at 9*30 »• m., tbrtrag'h in 3 days,' I
with diner and all trapptag-i. I
Other Santa F« Trains 1
7:30 a. m.1 for Stockton. Fresno. Baker-sfletd,
Sico S.Sl-J. . Merc«J. Hanford and VtealU.
4:00 p. in. for Stockton. '
S:0Op. m. fcr Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.. ' 0(99
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. F. Also 1118 Broad -
' way. Oakland.' Cal. 27 South First St..
San Joie. --
'' /-- «oi»«rr M^l Trmlae leaye mad sir*
M EMM** f> tn*STA Cm I
v- \~52zl£i__/ * I duBtomrrl»« at
VS^^^/W is An fbancisco.
XJ^75t< (MsiB Line. Feiry De->«v
' ¦ ¦¦^»s >> ju . +^r. ¦'¦ Foot of Mrnrket Street. >
t«AT« *— Fbom Fxbkuabt 17. I**. — imn
~7J)(U. Vsc«Tl'le. Wlriler*. Karasejr- 7£0r
74)0* Benlcla, Saisun. EUnlrm »nd 8aerjr
• rjol vSi e eJo?*Napi.""*C«iutoiiI 6»nti
Ro«a. Msxttoex. San Ramon S.20*-
' ' *f J0a Klles. Llrenaore. Trmcj, L»ttiro-\
Stockton :. 7.20p
¦ iJW*. Sbtsta Express »- (Vi» P*vl«).*
Williams (lor Uartlett Spr!iJ««>.
Willows, •tfrnto. Ksd BlaS.
• • Portland, .Tacowa, S«attlo 7.50P
¦ -1.00a. Daris. Woodland. KnUhU Landing; .
- . MarysTlfte. OioTme..-. 7*0r
¦840a P.ort Costa. Martinez. Antloca. . *. .-
.- -•- Byron. -Tracy. Stockton. Sew-
''¦..-¦ ' ¦ maa. Los sanos. M e nd o t a.
?nnona. Haarord. VlsalVa. "
l-*v '¦¦--* • PoTterrllle '. — -4^0» •
' .8.80a Port Costa, Martine*. Tracy. La ta*
• . • rop. Modesto. Mereel. Freiao. . .
: . -. -Ooshea Janctloa. Hanford..
~ Vlsalla. Bakersfleld ....*... 4.5tP
-:. 1 JOa Klles, San Jose, LUennore. Stock- : .
,-t»* - - . ton. (tJlHton). lone. Sacramento,
*¦ '-.:•: -T, .;•¦• Piacernue. • MarysrUla. Cales. .
Bed Blnff :...' -'.- . 4.20P
""'•.SO* Oakdale. Chinese. rJamestown, 80- .
•'¦ ¦¦¦¦ ¦¦ nora. Taolnmnc aud Angels ..... 4 20r
'¦'''¦ tJOO* AUanUcEipress^-OgdenaadEast. 11.20a
•' 8.30a Elcbmond. Uartlnea and Way •
*'¦:-, •« Sutlons-...- •SOf
"10X01 Tbe OTertand JLJmJte* — Ojdea.-
:.-.- .- Denrer. OTnana. Chicago. ,.. 8.201-
\ 10.00a Vallejo „.; ¦•••¦•¦ .-'-.-.— 12,20*
" TO. 00a Los An?eles TMenger — Port •
* •• ' -Cost* Martinez, Byron. Tracy.'
•,-.'-¦ .*•' L.itnrop.' Stockton. Merced.
V. • .'•¦ • Raymond. Fresno, Goshen Junc-
• • .'-. - . Oon. Hanford. Lemoore. VlsaUa. •
• Bclier»fleld. Los Angeles 7.20* .
' -1200* Hayward. Klles and Way Stations. 3-2Oi*
B t14)0i* Sacramento RWer Steamera_ Ml.Q2r
¦ . ¦ i£0r. BenlcU. *Wlnt«rs. Sacr-unento.-
3?.' * . • WooeJiand. jtnl«nt» f, tandlos;.
.» .-"-•'. • -MarysTRle.. OtotU1« . and way ' _ -
'.-.. -: 'stations — ;. ..L...-..^i. 10.50*
- SJOr Hay ward, NHesan* "Waf Stations.,- 750r
'.'.' 5.30* Port. Costa, Martinez. Byron;: •
:.•:<¦ -»-' Tracy, Latbrop. tt'odeite, '
r ¦-.-¦- MercmA, Fresno *afcd -Way Stv
.-- >¦:' • ¦ tlnns beyond Port Cotta....*. ...¦ 12-20p
. • «J0F Martinez. Trac*. Stockton. Lo4t...- 1020*
• 400f' M»rt!ner.S«nK*mon.V»lle|&,Ns-)».
¦ -.- Callstotca. Santa liota .'... 920*
- **4.00rlTIIea. Trace. Stockton. Lodl ' 4.23r -
- ' 4.30r Hayward.- Sflles. IrTlngton. San) "t3.5C»
y.-^-. -. • Jose. Llrermors .•...) t1lj50»
• :BCOr Th* Owl Limited— NeKma'n. Lot •
,.*¦'¦ • .- Banos/Mmdota. Fresno. Tnlara,- 1
.*•¦¦. BakersOeld. Los Angems. *
, V Ooldf n .* Sute . Limited Stesper, . ' •
: '*-. : Oalland to Loa Angel e*. for qhi-
.-.•••: * cafo. Tla C. BVI. * P ~..~* B.50a •
6.C0r Fort Coita. Tricy. Stockton. ;.-.... 12 20)"
..-' tS SOr Hayward; Mies and San -Jose ..... * .7.20%
* 600p Haywar*. Ktles and 5»n Jos« .' j.sQ*
: 6C0f E-iatern Eiprcas— OjiV- DenTar.
' ¦'. -.. Omaba. Bt,. Louis.* calca<o tad
' ': •;> ' East. Pan Costa. Benlcla. Su> . .
;.';' - : ..'..-¦ (un.-Elmlrs, U«vl.<, Sacr»mea:a . .
¦••;"•* - .* .Rocklln. •¦Auburn, Colfa.x * . > <
¦;--.-¦"•• .* -Trackee. Bo'ca. Btno, Wad»x •'
' •'. -¦-"- 7- -. 'worth. Wlrinemacea ....:......!. ' 6-2>»
. S.OOp. Tallejo. dally, except Sunday.... • 7 Kn _
'- '7.00rValWjo,fionBay only :......( - f * BU '
' '.' J4jai*.Klchmoad. San Tablo. Port Cdau, *
-. ¦•-.' •. Martinet an3 Way Sutlons 11.20a
'• -eJjBr Orejon * California Express— *5ao'
;• .; - ¦•¦ ramento, .MarysrllTe. Reddln» * .
• " . ¦ " Portland. Paget So-.jad and East. tVSO*
'"' 9.1 Or fiayward. NDes and San Jose (San-
- ••• • d»,Tonly> *....' i 11.53>
.' * • COAST LINE t.>arr<. W taas^>. :
.' ¦ .* ... (Foot of Mur.tet 8;reet.> .
. S-1Sa Kew*rlt, C«oterrllle. San" Jos«, ¦ "
.V : ... /Felton, Boalaer Creek. Sanu
' . ' -Crni aod TTay Stations 6-53p
• 42.1 Bi* - Newark. 'Centenriile. San Josa,
•" .* . •* Ken-ArmaiJen.Los Gatos.Feltom. •'
"'<•'. .-. Boulder Ooek. Santa Cro» and
.-.-. ¦'. PriielpalWay Statlto* .?. f10S5»
.- 4.1BF Ke»«r!t. SanJote. Lo«G*to« »nd r *9 65 «.
..*¦¦. .waystatlona ..".;".;.> :i 065 *•
«9JI0f Bnaters Train. Saturday only. Sao.
''• ' •• Joie aaU* Way Station*. Retaru-"~-
• '• *. • lyin from Los Gatoi Sanday only. t7*25» .
OAKLAND HARBOR- FERRY. •
' trora SAN jFkaScISCU, tout of Market St. <SllpO
-*7:15 *M0 -11:00 a.m. 1.00 300 6.15 F.».
From OAKLv-vyp. Foot of Broadway — it-Mi »:0«
. -18:b"> lu-OOA.K. 12-00 2 00 4 00 p.m.
~T COAST LINE (Broad Waajt* 1 .
. *. « pr (tMrd ami Townsend Streets.)
810a 6an J«»e and Way Stations 3 30 f
7.001. *BanJos« and Way Stations 538f
¦ S00a. Kew Altoaden (Tnes^ Frld^ 4nly>. 4.10^*
s}.00a The Coaster— Stops only Sa» Jo»%
. . - . ' . Glh'oy (ionnectlon .for Holils>.
•ter). Pajaro. Castrorllie Kcoa-
*.- .* •• nectlon to and from Monterey
• -, and Pacific Grore). Salinas. Saa
. . . Ardo, Paso Robles. Santa Mar-
• - * ttrlta. San Luis Obispo, principal
• '• ' stations tbence Surf (connection ,
"for-Lompoc). principal staUons
-..' thFticeSanuBarbara.SanBaena>
* --ventara. Sangns. Los Angeles... 1t4Sr
B.COi 8a i Jose. Tres Plnos. Capitols. ~.;J-£*iv:
: BsntaCmz.PaclficGroTe.SallaRs. f
tan Ltfls Oblspo and Principal
¦ •• • Way SMUons J -12-*
1030a San Jose and Way Stations 1-20r
1140a Santa Clara, San* Jose. Loa Gatos
¦ and Way Stations r.SUr
.1-SOr Ban Jo«e and Wsy Stations • 3S»
. •¦00* Del Monte Express— Santa Clara. ¦ '
., Ban Jose, Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
'.v •¦."• '.¦ CUra for SanU Crux, Bonlder
'I- • Creek and Narrow Gange Points)
. .- at.-GUror »or HollUUr." Trei s
Ple*3». atCastroTiile forSaltnas. IZ.ISr
8 -SOr Tres Plnos War.Pa»»en(rer..^ 10-*5*-
. 4.30f Ban Jo»« and Way Stations. tS.OD*
tSOOrban Jo«e/ (?«» Banu Clara) Los. *
• • G^tos. «nd Principal Wsy Sta-
* • ' Uons (e*xcept Sanday) r9.0Ci
•6 -30*" EsnJoteandPrlnclpalWayStattAns IS. 40*
¦ • 6C0J- tun jet Limited.— Redwocd. Saa
• - JCie.6nroy,Sallna»,Pasoi:obUs.
' -* -Ban Lais ObU*io' Santa Birt>»rv
•' • Los Anjjelei. IXmIn«c. El Pas«,
• • K*w Orleact. Jfew .Tork. Coa-
."'..". * nects at Pajaro for Santa Crnx
- and at -CaMi-orm* for Paclfio
GrtTe and Wsj'Statlon» *... 7.10k
. .tB-IBr EanMateo,B^resford,B»lmont.Saat
. Carlos. Re'dwood, Fair. Oaks.
Menlp Park. Paid Alto....* t«.49*
8 SOr San Jose and Way Station*. ft 38a
• .00p .Palo Alto and Way Stations....... 10.15a
1 1 .30* Souta San Fraocl«c<S. M Ulorae. Bar- -
lla^wrae. Pan "Mnifo, Belmont.
• San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
• ¦ Meclo Park, and Palo Alto 9.45»
¦11 Wf Mayfi^ld. Mouauin View. Saany-
Tale. Lawrence. 8anU CUra and
' •• San Jose..:...... *»^44>
• i. for Morning. - - ' P for Aftenlooav
.'£nndar excepied.. t Sanday only
". a Satcrday only.
I Stops at an sutlons on Sanday.-
VOafr trains stopping ax Valencia SVaontafcow-^
'«-j5:WA,Ii^7:«»AJI, Xl:30A.li,S:a0»-lt.«:30F.M.«A^
H : ~ " TO SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
ILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
Via Sauaalito Ftrry.
¦ Suburban" Service. Standard Gausa Electric—
' Uerart from Kan Francsco Dally 7:f>0, 8:00.
8-CW 10-CtvJl-OO a. m.. 1-J:*JO. 1:«. 3:15. 4:15.
5*l*i.'6:13. i:W. 8:45. l*:2U. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SANFAFAEL TO SAX FKANC1SCO
— Dilly; 5:25. 8:SJ. 7:40. S:S3. 0:S5. 11:C5 a.
m_ 12:20, 1:43, 2 .tt,*.3: 43/ 4:40," 5:43, tt:45,
8:45. 10:20 d. m. /*
- FROM MILL VALLEY TO ¦ «AN« FBAX-
C1SCO— Da.ry. 5:43. «*.5T>. 7:32. S:53. 9:33.
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:13. 4:05. 5:05, «:0o,
7:05, 9:00, ¦ 10:35 p. m.
- • . . THROUGH TRAINS.
' S:CO a. m ''dally — Ceaadero and way stations.
*;15'p. ra. week days, (Saturday exempted) —
Tomales .- and way station*.-
'- 3:13 -p., m. Saturdays — Casadero and way
stations.. y'-*~jjt all 4S&B5mgf^ l !BC&l *©si
¦ Samlajs only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes ana
w<)' stations ¦ .
TICKET OFFICE— «26 Market «t. •
• * FERRT— "Union Depot, foot of Market «t_y;Hfe^sAfo : .FRAycis^
12
fiki.r AVAXTKn—FlGMA^E^poB. .
COOK~Xor small restaurant '.' .' i ...".'.. $30
2 cooks, little wast>ln*f. city. .-...•.. .$30-x;^V.
Houses,'ork. 2 famJIy. .small .washing $m>
Parlormaid • and waitress $.10
"4. second girls and^mendlrrg.-
Dlnlng-Toom- girt sanitarium.. .$20
Waitress for home, country* fare r*ld., . .*2"> '
, Nurse for sanitarium .|20
Nurse ror Infant -'»« **>
Chambermaid and waitress, country "ho-
tel -. 5»
• laundress for InsfJtution W«
44 general housework girls, city a.-.d roun-
' try. *2lK«tf5-*.'lO. Apply to J. F. CROsETT
& CO... 33t Sutter st. "
A LADY'S maid: French; nlust b* wlllingto
travel; J25; refereiic^si. MISS PLUNKETT.
425 Sutter St.. Mar Potrell..
: VVANTEI?— -3 good women •solicitors. . Agents*
.Employment- Bureau. 36 Geary •t-._ I [ 0 ? m _- 4 .-
GIRL- for light housework about 3 hour's dally.
Inquire before 11 a. m.. 13I2»fe Mission at.
ALTERATION .'hands and "finishers on *kirts.
109 Stockton at:- ___
GIRL for general housework." "Call April 1 and
2. 300t* 'Jackson *t. .. * .
WANTED— A Xo. 1 dressmaker.- gutter and. flt-
'tcr.- Box .4224. Call of flee. ' •-• ; \
NEAT girl for eeneral housewQTki : 35 bam*-
.- "at.', near Thirtieth. ."••:-... •'..•.- ¦'
GOOD. maKers wanted;- "Apply:; ax", mlllnery
' 8tpre^ 2544 Ml3slon"at- : . ". •*.'.-¦•¦"-'• '•'¦':¦¦ ' :
BARBERS — 3 lad!es." : ArUriStcn Hotel^ .'Seattle, "
'• E. E. SUTHERLAyp'; 'Proprietor.-' .'• -' ; :¦¦' ,
P6R dt. Louia- -World.'** Fain-: 3O-Jadte«'-'w6rit
. mammoth palmUtry-.'»tu'dlo;'.'$20. weekly ".-'.no
•'. experience necffja'ary; -lIUn,- "palmistry- bobk'
•'• wJlti" Instructions; 2 atamps.- Frot. -Frederick-.- :
. ¦ '¦ 213.- W.- 12Bth at... -yew Yorjc." -Falr.Dept.." 132.
WANTED-i-Alter"a,tIon,'.". liano> ''on 'Butts ."an4!..
• ".. . -CalL at -STRAUS3 fS& F.RPHMA-N;a!.-..
,-.-.107-'Poat"a^';; ;.v:-o';'\'';V;".;-"'y : /^-'. -. ."¦¦'-•^..
APPRENTICE oit pantai .¦15a. ; N»iir ! iftmt goia.*rr .'
•" •V~* • ro ?1?' •*&: '• .'¦-:'•''- '¦¦. '¦¦ ''*- '" "*' : ';•*'.-'• •'-."*¦'*•* .*'--' : .-
-W-A"N'TE» -'JlSOO/'fCebtaclrr.^
*.. .'e.tje^t.-." ' r ./¦¦ .- : v ; .";:.v : -•;-. ;-:^;- 1 : :¦• :¦ ...-- '--•:.;.'
•DiJESSMA'KpR'.'Crsf-c'rsta.s:. kelp".. i»?>nt»d*.. At.' SO* 1 •
: -."-'Su.tt>"'r-.»t.", 'top* floor. •¦'.. .-. ; :•". '.v' '.¦.'.".••/', -*..V.'-.' -*.--' '¦
*."•¦: &.ctf.; ; 27 "3»"a'ry.3t;".".":'" •:¦:.:.•.>.;••¦•.•:•¦.-¦".•;:¦;' '.';•:•"•.'.*.;-
'. " ."oii-".. I^tj^wxajT^V^
•¦• MA'P^Cg "BKOS^. 122^^ Market ¦¦sU.yy.'-'C .''£¦'>¦ ; •-, J :
GlhL.'fox~g<ij?'rAl' liotiaewirk.>i'd. e'ooklos. '^P-v.'
'¦¦' •pty.'l'O^ Bu.charian ¦tt:.-.'bet':...^.-ac'd-.ft--';':.' r . ,C
ADVEIlT'lSEME^'TiS. •sUbscriptipb>"'-reeelVed'.*^ ¦ '
:.-:' Call- btanchr'. pf flc : e,f cor. 6tuncaJi.:fe Church- ata. - :
'•;.•; v'""y;v. : HJBLjp;i"ivA*«^ii"E^
.m^HrAy^^^
•'¦ • •; '; :- '•'¦¦ .•-^¦ppCiXE. '3tAnt-'fiSi9.-rrr~ ¦-"¦ *-..*:>: ¦:'¦
1 ' .'¦ '• • Le'adi n s • Erhp. ldy»p«nt: .a.n<I".-Latx>r • Ag<ht»-. ; : : .':
: - -.' ¦¦¦¦'¦"¦:.'¦,) -:^.;;: v^we'.seeak:-::\ .-;:¦.*: :..••-•¦• :/ : '*
." -ITALIA Ni: ".;• ':. GERMAN,. '- : : ..-' . ; B:"P"AyrS*S.V
¦¦: .=GREEK:Vi:'^/-"-:FRE^GHv>'--v^%-
•*-'In-:-*L»03 We.gaver ¦•//.•• • ¦ "Durfh« .itKk we hop*' .
' . .'Work -to €0. OOOrmem v .' • : ..-to- 1ncrea^e...6aTX!O. • ¦
•.j t:-ree-;fake ;¦¦•;¦.-= ;••.•. f.- ".~;
-:. : ¦/.•";. •:'¦¦•." -^-^Ta.^E.VAOA.S.TATE;;^^-:' ".-" ••?>>
i": -If '"you stay month?-- -.-" : "THAT'S AIJI*;'.-:
;•;..;,-¦ •-V-i TT^^oVER>;Mp?;T ; wprt^.^^-: • •-. .-•..:•
, i J55; t,<am*t'ers'...$2.-:day". - : • " • • ". ¦:'.*;¦-; ':''-¦' :.' ::•.•'¦.".'• ."
;-/M5^'labbr?r'8;"42-aay^' Z'-j:'- ¦'¦^."'¦•'¦'¦¦-•X'---- •"'".-.
:-;'-J'55/>ookrpejt.'d.rjile-rs; ; ':$2-tp.;$3..'day':.v'.:; > ¦•-,.;:.:
: - : Tji-G-HT-HDCRS DAT. 'IftRa^iATIQ^r .WfIRK,
¦.V.',.."-. V-.'v /^$t;.^E-^TlJAT^3 : JLLl*.y:^l S^/v' -V;
:';,->"--¦-•..: %- Vx'-v : t\>' THfc' ijiNjgsy'v^'j^ y- '.-. '>'¦¦'¦;/.
• .-: 65: machine, ; aip'g-ie "and double. Rand, . $S2 .8* ."
¦>:fa $90^-: r-:-r..v;^^..^ v r: : ;-"-^ y\ '.:'"r-y:\ : ¦¦¦.¦" '.--'-i ¦'..'.
•;•'.-.¦¦¦¦;. i •••;: ;^4^;&vj^- : c^u^r5jiav;;/\ }/¦ <y.
-..>' jiniZOy Ay - •;¦¦•" ¦ C.Vcixf^E-.-TO^^PSGtJTT^ ;:
- :. '--- H:^ '¦ :¦: -.,' ©JO -ilHefl^^lO.'i '-.- ¦ ••;•-•;-* ¦\:^.r.
3 -«55 ' teama'ters^- Iftboref»<- drllleTri. . etc.^ -.$2/ fp
¦-. JS3;>day> • : ¦':¦¦ ?.£:¦:: r\ -; ; - V^"- .-.'-.•' : ¦¦•¦¦. ' ¦\:/-'J
'--. • J5oh>-t ,-fee- '; atlagy- 'with;.' -your. -:dis?arrcec.\:- Qet--.
,"-. 'closer-.to' ian'dsvbf ' : !>.un>KlRe::- : •C.£?CTET*;;.oy
¦'•:••. G.REXT. -mine's^ '¦^¦"¦y. '-V'-- ':¦¦
;:-;7'A*eU*2barA. -. ¦--'.¦ -ariz&xa-- ":¦¦¦:: -'" Arizona. ;
¦y^^-..,y. '.:-/¦;; -JTE^HANJCAt.^.::: .V nA'^-tt.
. "3-.tnachinr*t».i ioun»fy-Jpb-.. $2. SO- to $3;5O'.t!ay..-.
.".'.- PJ.aneri '^ftd ; Vsticker:'.band;.'..-Or«.cJv'-.*3.-^50-dayi '-.
.¦-.'TaUy.raeii",'..lti"mBe j-' c'pr/i parry. '.boB«.-;h«reii $30^---. •:.
: '\V •;<-:. •-'-" ¦•",.v'.>nLl?-ERS:.''.;V'v" .-.'?;. '¦ ¦ ¦¦„ .; .V V' •
• .';-'2.6'mHke{^.-"-.'aH-Tah»' •<'f:'Cal«brjia;7.$3'Q;v $33.' ; -
',-•' f 10- .-'and .-ipUritli.;- : :- ;,'¦¦ ;.'¦':' i- •-. '.'v ;":•• '; —"/••-'• • ' '•'¦ <:¦¦ ':
.:.'¦ 4 ; t>.u.-ttJfrri>a'ker'*i: $i6--'anri'.fbund;' -V r . •¦>'*." "v'C": :>'-'
: "¦ 12' f arrAiaiia'ran'cH'.hands; .?2.f $3.<> fouad.' '.
¦:¦:¦. , •::-.--. -;,; : . •.: -wo;oj>v.HOPJ?BRs:o:' » : :-•¦'• vv' '..
•'•.:• •12S ; *;oeJdchcpp*rs-;--ari : .dye'r.S'Ca't?: •'. ':'.¦..'¦ -.¦•¦ • ¦ : ", ; :- ¦
• ..'.I'ostraakVrs; .»fi*kem»V'er>,'- **tc;- •;•• ' •• ; v" ' -¦"•'c~"'
. ;"•: :¦'¦¦¦¦'¦' ::^^fCfei.;;REPARMEXTi4* :'^ ; " :V>
A'-'32'cbT5k9,:'d|ffer"rat.-pla^e*r-#.'K* : to.-f7;5:foiRi.d.. :; ':-:
'-.-•• .Wa'-ltefs.. dlshwirs]her!«;'. : beij-and -eley'a for- bora. -¦:
' / J>»)ihdry.men,- $15. '.$20j- •>:»;• fjO;. " S5p.-: f60 { $79t.
•'• :'D'alryxhan % ah'd wifje.'..i?nn(7rna'.-V6u'nt*-.^'. . : .:-' A '-"
:>•'-.••>; •"¦¦•i ¦•"; '.'--':^¦^-'i^foif.^r-r- .-;;.- ¦^.¦-.'' : •'.¦-"..¦• :
•: ::.I>ru'g .cierk.--.cpuji.trv>.- 1&): ¦;'•':•:-.' '• '¦'¦ ¦'/-¦: •":¦••'••¦' /.'¦'
'''.¦''¦:
- :•'•'• '* •"..¦ j-; ".". : ' ; j'.\' '¦ 'j ¦' ;"¦ '-. .' ' .-.B?4;'; -'and . -fe6.--.Clay; -gt. ,.' ;.-
-.STICKElf •h.ahd: : :'a.th'?.-''and;^r-'h
. .. ; ; tirn-fl?.r."?^; a'na-ta^
'..:BT^i'fcunA-:-. : pcni}i.:- packer '-anS-'-'aasage-Tiiak*^- "
'•/:'. cbiui.tryi-.'S JO aftd found;- '-'V -,-';' -'.''.v 1 '- 1 .' ; -"-"v'v.''
¦: y -:\ :•::';•¦¦':•. /v'-v^^LooKr^^ • ; - : •= IX*-/'.^-^
¦ .$, s.t'eel- cWpp.er*'.--.$2:.,y»'.'-fl'ay > -".; i ..' ;.'•' ;.' •'.•:: ¦:):'.">¦'-?¦
'¦ ¦•.n»"an;---iltex.'arjd--ipE'pair- J '.l-rj$n" flasit rig^ '¦
¦'¦'.¦¦¦¦ ging.<-$2-so .'cjar.:?-.'."-. 1 w'.;--"..v-"-.'" v^-: ."-..-•'.-"-; ¦ ¦'¦¦.'
:• .^hlflgle: .jp'.nJ^r.-..-bpsA.-h.?-re'.-.'IurnlIeT.-.c.oinpa3y.:
' •' -Shingle-"' -packer,- 'feosn' . : h*re;- .'lurrtber' c'onlpanyi ;
.-r '; v.. .y; f.".-; -,.;.'. ;: w^lgqk^-^ i ':. ¦'> ''¦ : X ¦¦¦¦ - ':., : v-.": •"'
¦.\-.;--l?a}nte"i-'carfWg"e;\co^rifjx'«hj3p^ $3.'da'y;'.. ; --; ':/:'¦
..¦¦.•.Gaj'denei:, : private; family; .?3f> andTound.' •:'.-:
./.'SaJesfrtaii : 'ani:catiTas«eiv'.S-pei''"ceHt.an4 ll.'BO "
. .-'.*«¦ dar..'..".'. ;*•;' •'."¦•:•¦•";'.¦ '.-' '/:¦: ¦."'•¦:••':•;-*•"> c-'-
:-.!' .-:.;.•>-.- V .*:"• ."./¦: -MCRRAt- &' RBADT,;:/-. '
;• .- ;';."-"..•'.•'-;; '•¦.".¦••.- r - '"'-.' : .:fi?* ¦w^-$30 i .-cu&-wt?-^j
UA\r*Jpnri] A5f'| 'xttir-iwitif : "•'ins;tituti"c*.--;ijos.»v
•'. ' here''-tb : ;daj:; $6» and ".found.".':'.-,-' '• .".-.:.•: '' •¦ •' .'
:-'-2 "lauhapyme"n';.n'ice Jlo.teJ; country. -$65.iouhd.
.- -.Allrr6tlrtd:. : Iaupdrym.iri."-ln-sfrttitlon.*$35 fd.. "¦
.-' Bak'ers-Vhelpei*9;.- : fare!*{0<?;-^30r found/' ' ..•;-.'¦'
Ha^allah'tslands.-^es' io S7*L'-bpaa«"
; ; - ."• .-*.- .' r •-'.: •" ; ¦' : • ". MU«RAY A : READY; -.- . .
[' '¦=.. ".-"?. .'•¦' ;•/' -•¦/'• "'/. . "-';-?34'-arid' 636 Cl*?' at. :
V.'::.- '•.'.' "TOTJB: F-VRE"PAID ."¦;' -. -"o :""
.aiL,KER.-'Hdnnd-ya.lle'y.- $30 and ".fquhd,-- .-
.'...Butter' and cheese maker. Round Valley,' $33-.
; -and found/ . , "..- "• . : • : ". ' :".. ; •;-•.'.• •:
.'•••' 2 milkers. "WVi'fare; extra good. $35 found..'.
,- ¦ Blacksmith -helper, machine shop, $2 80 day. ¦
..-'¦ Cement ! flhfaher. little experience-. ' $2 50- dayi .-
¦• Young- mani.d/flcf *ork. city .dairy.- $40. ..-. ¦
. . ' . ' • MILKER. AND WIF^:: ¦ . . . '..'
• "' No- other" -woman oh ranch, r'nbrth. $50 and'fd.'.
¦ -"B farmtrsand-wlves, $40 and $50 and fouad. ¦
. '' 'Night washer, city. stable. $75. . *. ..
-.' JBaker and' cook, ..country" shop. $12 weakv-' '¦'-. ' :
r ¦'¦: ..-'..:.. •• ¦•' MURRAY & READY. •"¦•¦'¦.
'. . . . • • .- . "-':' : -.;. 634 .and. 636 Clay at; '.".
V ¦¦¦•¦-.. ; - - 1 '
BiJTTERMAKE^i;. $40. and' found: atableniao,
• stock ranch,- $30 and. found;" blacksmith :f or. :
'"*• country;- solicitor; laundry man : for- resort:
'• .carriage-. blacksrnith;- $3'.'5O day; man about
. "place and wife'.. $4O"to $5O and found: poultry
.- man and wife. ?50' and -found; restaurant ¦'
•¦cboks. ?14 to $18 .week -.-hotel cook.. $5O and.
' :t bund :' boarding-house- cook. $45 and found: '
• and others- "J. F. .CROSETT & CO.. 623
"". 6-acramento si.. .... •.' • • ' • • ¦'. . ' ¦' '. . ¦
' '.' -"'AT' CONTRACTORS* AGENCT. '- ' '"
...85 THIRD .ST. '. "./•':• ' Telephone .Mala SS2X .'.
..- TeanVstere. .$2: for Nevada; cheap .far*. ¦ ."."- ..
.•Ivjbprers. $2; for Nevada. z- -cheap far*. ...'
- Goy'ernment -wftr-k; . eight' .hours.-.' ". ' •". •'
- • ' ¦•'."„•".•: -. 'Shfp.. to-night. ." •" . ' : ."J. •'.»,'¦
. : -'"• .^•"..Fee?4. • Talk ta.'p4.- ." * .'..'; •:. -V
• " *'¦ .'"'•¦ : -y' HORD-& SMITTk ¦' .".'• * ¦.-.-• . •.
A— •HOTKIl' GAZETTE.- 26 • Mont«t>tpery st.»- r» : ?'
'. .;.t2 — Third -cook. .covntry'IJbtel. $56. - : . ..."-. ¦;
•WANTED for- U" S.."a>my: '.able-bodied', tin- \
.•V. married, men. between "aKes.of-21
I citizens of the T;nltjed States', of good cha'raeV '
.tfr'.'and tpmberate habits, who can speak.. •
if ad. -"and" write English. For 'information-
•-.aVply- to .Recruiting Officer. Rialto building.. •'
" New Montsomcnr st'.. San FYahcisco,' or .1020
i. . Scjeoi'id st.. tjacramerito. Carl. - - .. -" •:¦: '
i WANTRIV^Experienced .'domestit'. saVesmanr!'.
'.'.-Apply "between-. 0 and '11 a. . m. •" at -If ALE
• BROS.' . • •••'••• ".. " ' • . . . . .
.WAN-TED-"- Young man from 15; to IS years of,--;
• : aze for-, -stock clerk.- and to leant the .dry-
'•-goods business "-Apply between 9:. ano*. ll a./:
' -m. a< HALE BROS." -..:.- ' -'••'-..• - . '¦-
- W.AXTED^fellverx boy. from 14- to 16 years-
or" ac». Aii.'fy between p and 11 ai.m. at
HALE -CROP." V '." . ¦
A— ' ' L. . I»
Men to lea'rn this- barber trade in two months .
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
information mailed -free. MOLER System
, College. 635 CUy a^ .
•WANTED-T-ArTexp^rieneed proofreader on book
and Job work: one who has aoroe knowledn
of lob printing preferred. Apply SANBORN,
VAIL & CO.. 741 Market at. .
15 ILL clerk In wholesale house; mart be good
- and ' rapid rennian. quick and accurate -at
flsturts: state age and references. Box II" rj.
Call r.ffke. ' -"¦>.-
GOVERNMENT. ppwltlons — Call at 925 Oolden
Gate-ave.. room 7. for free Information as
to. positions, salaries, age limits, etc; day
' or evenings. ; '-.*.
I BVRBEK wanted*. Saturday and Sunday. 252
1 Ellis "t. - - ' : . ¦
"FARBER wanted at 40S«i Sixth st.
GOOD barber for 10c i shop; call after 1U
o'clock. C23 Clay at.
! BUSHELMAN wanted. . Apply 5IG-0IS Markat"
I . street, ¦ ".-..¦,-
BLACKSMITH for steamer. 517 Jackson at. .
SPARE hour occupation; write for book 13c
. Box 4220. Oajt ctflce. ' .
FOR sale — Two-chair - barber-shop; ¦ b'«inf«>
1 . location; cheap; cash. Box 4245, Call office.
# .- -MARION GRIFFIN. . • ..
4(X5 Hearst bulldinr. over 'KJcnminer 'entrance.
Moiforn bT!«!nrys methods in lino front orflces.
Phone BIctk CKCT/cu take'eievator'to "4th fir,or.
Up-ta-oaif tltie abftrnct fren w'ub every fc*ie.
¦V.> do Ims'nf.^a -strictly accor'V<iy- to !nv. ,
• HOUSE for rent ami Iurnlshlnc»-'tor sale; 21
rooms; near "O't'arr'ii! and fc'tncUlon Us.;
. £r&t-ctasB condition; scrae occupied oftlr-M.v
- t * .. . . M, -GltlKKIN. .
TO RENT, with privilege of buying, n CC>ri,»-r.
: S-rei::n flat comclctely furnlj>ht"l; ri>nt «5..
E MAIUO^ GTtlFFiy. rccm 'fwl '/"Jim. i'Ulii.
I 'ASIC MA IJION~OKIFF1N "uriT^wTyiu'rVhiTlM"
! • ntiri hhuse re'r.r Mcrkf-t el. for ?J2 «t, on.
! _eaty tynnff^rfnt only SSO. .
, .Sl'PKr.JOR fuwiiihing? in lOO-room li-.u«T T ~
1.1 .IN tl'.e fashionable .luarter, near Nol) Jlljt,'
! "I?j:GULAn IncGme rer mbnfh 51«K. .
f . KIIN'T and all expenses per month $ 'I.'!!).
I PitOFlT put in the bank far-h" month 5»r.«.
j .Owr.er fiek and ordered. to cha'nge climnto.
I MARION .GRIFI-nN.rbom 40U, Exam, b'lde.
I ?2W.H) WILL be accepted r.s tlrf.t payment on
I th.s most .luxuriously furhtshed "apartm'fjt-
hou5 e in this city, barring none; ri^.h velvet
I .'carpets; elegah't Mrdse'ye maple . furniture;
i . Oriental, ha.ngfngs! srand, sunny .corner, huifse ,
!' and a jease for 5 years. Stc": •.."..-* " •' '
;"' '. " ,. ;.. MARION- G RIFFIN.. .
i NEW bulld'inff. it 39 rooms, .full of new, .extra
!¦ ' fine furnishing; noHh of -Market-;' tease If"
desired;- Jiearly-.full'r vlears. *1S? "per "month.
. ••••-• ;Seel MARION.- GKHTFIN.' ..
. .-. . • • ;•*-; e. c. f."'.' • ¦: •. '
— 15 rooms.... •:.".. ...-.-;• 'JCortn of. Market.
:— $400 ;. . . . , -.. .".-. , .Spot Cash
—SSO income. . . . .'. .-. . .' .-. : . .-'. »...'.. .-. . Reht $^0-
—See M. GEIFrfN'.-.... > :.400 Examiner "bldg.
• l..Cut out' this JO-Unn. a'd. " , " ' -.. ';.-'
2.. Would- you llk^ .h hbiise-clearfng- ] .*•":".•
'3.' $278; per month' bv.er. th'e-.rynt?*.. ••• • • ¦¦
•".; "4." WouM .you. riK*'. a* respectable hofla*?-.
'¦ 5. Woiiia yau like a-.business "IocationT " .,
'"': . fl. .We- can ?ho%y .j bu suc^i a -house,' ' •
¦ - - 7: ;A house that' w? .can retvimmend.;" . • ."
•' S/'Vfiu n"eed."on!y'-pay ¦ H'SO'Viown: ' .-'• '•
•J». Ca'I. and get Inspectloh .uprmlt. •'."•'•: •¦
' I".' MX-R'rON 'GRIFFIN. .10/t Kxaminer 'bfdg: '
i"." . . • ' . .| ' ¦'.' . -J...... 'TS'
[':• ...-'•• yspmiTl/'ALisAi. :'-¦¦•' •'• '
Mrs. -Dp. Itac'ttn," wonderful Bpirjt,ual healer an4-
'• :.bUsin»«s JneiJlum; readl-nfrs-daily. !51;>dfverqn-'
. jng class Thtira.S iim'. lOflPB Goldon Gate- aye.
;.A" • GRAND •matefialUfips." : -sea-"nce" Friday, ' S •
• . p..m.;'.;f28 Kills ut.; Me/ •' • :. V^/
; SEER. ".EeypOan. JUiidotf-pC<u3t reade'r; dqilj-
, ' .. cfr/Wedj/Fri.. ' gun,-.,.S -p.m. ; - IOC. 32»*A, EUla.'
'Eli.WARp.' EAKLE. : ..l'p52'El!js'. readings" daify. '.
¦/ -9.:.30 to -4.; stances 'Sunday- tfn(T Thuradityj;-.. .v-
¦..I'kpi*;'. RRED"' EVANS, -noted .-cYarrvoyan);. ahd :
'.-Jtofe-wtlter. .1113' Kd'iy 'sto'Phone-.' yeo«-;sS7.' ¦
• *^*TTr*™** w *T***"**'*"*!T*T-. ".'• .. • ¦ -. - " ! T*"*T^~~"* '
•'. .- • ...[ I '¦¦¦ . . ¦'•. \ . cii a- 1 « yifXJis tjs : . .- .-' ; . . '-::-v:. ; •'
: ' ' .-. '. .:•:' "T.HE-'FlJTU:ftB. .REVEALED. - : " : .''. .'." • ' '
...; ;•=:¦.- the. .fast disclosed;. -.. ; ¦';
• ¦"".. THE -ER'ESiiN'T /ANALYZED j ••' ' • '..
•'." ¦¦'•¦¦•• "•.-BY-'L'iyiN'GSTONE.-' '.••-- .-•'•
.:¦¦¦ •'„ '.¦•••'.¦ 4l>s ' Eddy "5J.. .'.'..:' .^- ;."V
•".. -PTlpr::. LIVI.XGPtOXE'S -readln|;.s-are.Hk.9-
¦ a-Uving" page'of.I'Tlamaiar.i/yn's- treat-f*** 8 , "t*at'
: -.'is 'so- .efrctrlfylrija the .woi'ld-.ta-'aa'y.--- "HE: T8
•: NO-1MITAT.QK. ilis work is .upoii original"
• • IVries:" ,1'URE 'TH0l"<5H'i',-CI: < E : AK--VISIQ^'..,
. • lie 'TIvLL'S- -YO-U "WIIAT YOU .DESIR.E .TO
: KNOW;,' AND W.OKKS-M'N '• THE ''"OPEN-
•'¦: -MGItT-.: AND' is.-"AS.."eONSPJGJ?OU-S.--ECm'
¦' •ITS:\VO.VDKUFUL'OrCT'LTANAL-YST.«-AS'
• IT IS FOR ITS ORIGINAL EJtPRESSipN";
AXD' VIVID TRTj;TIIl ; :UL>*r7S^^ :-v-.V- : : .'
¦ • • ' A -test reardlnir is ript 'a IKp. readtni?. . ..When •
.yw» call : on P.RaF,' LI VINCJSTO^'E . -he" will.
'. : give you a-'fufl life reading. f.or.$l.-A-te5t.'is:'bf.'
¦ "llttj« 'value wh'ea jhe-' rnin.<l' -Is- troubled— you ;
•• : -pfed fhcre substantial a'dvice. Thls-'is
• just: v/hkt'.-PR'OF. ,'LI VLNGStONE. phres; ; >pu •
.:¦ vrtiea 'y 6u •.eair 6ii .Him. f.o'j-.a. • flrtt-'class clalr.--
•. A-pyant Teadintr.'. He 'asks -yiouj- no .questions,
-."•but -tells- you .«:ha"t.'yQu'-,wish tbiknow.-.- .- .-. '- '•
.. .' '• He--do<:« rio't-mentlbji- bX\ -the-ilts and. mis.--
¦ fjcrrtunes you. are heir. to:.". You -.are; 'acquainted ,
¦ ¦•'¦•"¦wj.j.h.\the --i'ueiar in": your". "c^se-: ':-Lt»t- 'PIlOF : . :
'.' ,L-I.VINGS.TONE 'ahaiyze -th.*: .matte-rs.JKat. -are
i i*iJ ; vflna-.'.t'ie" -caas.e Ml. ir^ubl^.'^nd,
. : - .su'g'sc^t- the-rerh.edy.- : •': ' : ¦¦ '.¦¦'.'.'•>• ••'••
.' ,-' Rtrbeinpt-r the 'numb.or'4-: 428 EJCIDY ST.-
.'¦-..Hpur-s. -10. a.":-m.- :lo -§'."pl;. nr,/' • .'."_-..• ;-'V;.-.-. ¦;•..-.••'.•.¦
-ASSURED" succoss ".for \yqtf. '• : '. -.-'. . •": • . ••• : '" ;
•:.'••• :-'-: f XJal.l\at-ofcce;and'sa've'l4^ : -.-••:
¦ ; : : •' ¦HiW.famou'9<.$0-.raading-.th'is -week- for • • ;)
s'.-.*i' : -'.-'-u-v-r$.i- .¦.-¦-.«¦:-• -n:.: '?•!•: v*i-v'.*V
¦¦¦•'"'¦.•> -No: -charge i ;-.'¦;.•¦- .--¦.- : No^;ChariKfe '•.;... .-.
•' ¦ " ...i !t:rii'eVs\Vou obtain ith-e- Juforrrfa tion -. for: .'._=.
.¦¦•:¦"-. • ¦-:¦"¦'¦'. witich' 'yoti ¦cbti'pul.t'-hlm-:' ' : ". •• ' '.
¦•-¦¦'.- - - .'-". ¦ : PAbL- DESTINE', f] ..•¦¦• -' '
•' :Tiie. flrRt "registered. trajice ; .cjalrvbyaftt. rarrd" ,
K-: ; • -.' .."rainvIsV. «ver Jn 'San Francisco:. /.' ¦'
• 'Read-cartfiilUv- " An'-htfneJst, proposltlbn.-.f.
V-- • ;. . '» . (.You to Ji^'fiiUvJadBe.) '. .' : ¦¦.¦•'. .-.
• '•J "do' hereby sblemrrLy "agree ahd'-g-uarantee.to.
¦makfr no- charge if I fail t6 <ell -yo"ur narneVoe.-.
."c.ncatibrj- 5tnd' what "you icaVed fox: X tell you-' if .
¦h'.isbaftO;," wife' fir- love.r 'is .*nie 'or-'falsf;- w-ht>..
and -jvhen'you wHJ,.marrj;;. ho-w to : "ga.Uj- the lave
of Lrie''o"pe->:ou-de8.rre;-'.Mn facC'I. win. tell. -'you
Vvefj-hope'.-fear or arrtbitictn .better .than', y.ou .
'can -t?rr- yourself ihls.adViccls re.ll'abie, his-pow--
.•ers'-.-afe. . wonderful.' -and" iryij£pu"tat>le;-. -|S'e:..i.rt>..,
:^rbves: your- : c.i?ar',a'cfe-r" «q- -ih».t. -you- -w01. : peach.
thW h-iith.^t: 'pb>sibli;-' .«VeyiTpp;mieTrf-, {n rrne.otal •
• ; .i ; iB0.f. -..health', 'feai>rViiif sftVajM.' capacity .;,t«-**t^;
'-S.-eal'tlvv '-, ti* rk ep'ntrp'lJini • --Irnplanfed . in-
' you r--';jhatu re;-- . si> -you ' clan' -changS Vxti .f hjten tiG>n.F : ,
•¦a'ctiDhW.of-- •JUbits". oi .'any -one..«ecr.e'tl.y;.- .cure?..
• disease. and Jost'-vitam-j'".; jrtveS '-advice .on .'nvln r '
' iiiK'arid 'feuViM -treasures ;..g*ive!»'.. ; y.PU' s.uccess-;Jn ¦
ilfe"- : he 'gTJarantee.s.'yaJ* {fuccesa. .qc- -.. :chaTges : ;
ribthtng;tor.vli(s .services.'; •' : i- \^.-':'r i ':' : y '¦;
•' - 10 a-- -in. to -8'-i>"/ m.;. --Sunday*.- 2. to ,6.. ¦.. .
L5 -',•'..•¦•. '^2~fr^O'.Fjirf el'l stree.t-^-326; \ / ¦; .;- . .' -;
: '" X - •.•RORETtT -A-! KPAjCETct '.'"•' :'-.;, -V
.:¦••"•' •.¦.'• : - •-..-- .the' eminent • ;..-..-_:- :; .-;-.. , : '
;.-' ' ¦.". i .PAJjin-STrrPS-YCHIC— M YST1C*.- f ¦-...; :
¦'• ¦ '.Re-nowijed as'the'g.'r'.eat« ! st. adviser "upon BosL-
npf*, >I»althV Jiinarce, 5'IarriagS-and Perseoal-
¦Affai-rs. '.¦'.:- '-.-;.:; - _''. ."; .".".'• ..".•;•¦- .-'•.' .-..''.
!• : -Without a'skVncr.' a /quwtlori" ihis',wonderfullY
f-glftea.- rnan'.rea'ds': youb. -entire . Ufe... from In-'
•'fancy' -to" old 'aige. gi'vlrig 'jjarrre?,.' dates,-.. facts-.
and', figures. :.- : . -.... ;-.." < .-'.¦-'...'¦. '.. '¦"'.¦ ]. : ¦•
'Prof.. Keile'rt'p : va.?fe'xpeplirk i e,". : yea.rs-of..s.t'udy.- :
"Rnd.".rem*rkali!y.--.d"e'yel.oped"'. psychi'c ' pbsvers:
.make" .h!nv.'e>pecl.-illy. .^iht'ed In 'advfsin'g • and-,
aiding 'qtb'cis.'v ..T.hou-sand.3-' h'aye-. Seen-----lp»lpecl.
JUSdV Messed ¦ through the ' mys.'terioiis.-liiperici'.
tha't .baffles "tie- aiid- wis'esj: -Prtimlherit'-
.-.people froD* -«11 ; riarti of the '.worht .who' hav.i;'
beenr'jbenoflte.d.- by- .his- advice -"and . 'assistance-
be'sir cra<ftfuj'.tesU'mciriy- ; l'o his . ability. ": .' •"..¦•.'.
I .. 'rf'-you'.'are.'ln;-d6ur}t,"'un'ha'ppy"' u'jtlucUy. <jfs--
'.rourag»d..-aissa:ti8'nM x>r--ln. 111 hea'jth, consult'
Prbr. 'KeUer;-- th«-«r«atesl. 'living. '-psyphld pajm- .
•1st.' Rba H<*'wfll-ald -ybu-.to---he.alth. weaHh- and.
j.ha"ppiriess. '. .Entire." 'satisfaction." .-Bua'ra.nte'ed; ; :ni
" no ' lirfy.' .' F'ep, T*^uceJ. tp.,^1, for. .ttiis- "week: :
Daily.'-frqmr.lO. a,- rru .td.S'p". --m->'- .Sundays from'
.1 to' ¦5,p:'»Tr r .;45'4. 'Geary ;^t.- '•.•;/.,•¦.•.¦. .•¦:'' :.'..
'•IS"M'AR : - 'tire: Egyptian ' gypsy..' xlR'iryoya'nt .an'd",
'••-: 'palnrist;--pei'ma'nent4y Joc'ntdd .'a t -1104 .Market-
•3 ¦.et.i;.\-on.';T'flrk;.'.i*rlvate-'rfHd.l-nss-.dallr.' 1.0"-a.'
'¦ :m. tyi-Tt ji : m.i .r.ead.lngs "byimgrih ;as^<»«.tls'fac"-.
¦' -tory '-as.-' in.' pirst>ri ; ,3 -'q.u^st Tons -answered,. :$1 ;'.
_• ¦fjjll-lfr.e.-'^rn'.-send 'l.cfck" "of • -hair,... date -ij>f yj»ar''
' .' of ; tfirtht dVjn't "yend;- -currency i s'e^d f>osto{flce-.-
'. ¦' Wells.- FaTgo' «ion.f y order or" 't^g!Bt > er.ed letter>
,:A-— Miss'KI. WJj'le; 460 Geary.r-crai-rvoyarlt.-cryjs-!.
•¦itat-Be'er "a-nd. life. reader,' Vsrill tell you -Exactly.
.-. wrfaf.yon call»d-" (br with'ont 'asking "a- yjues- .
•» :.l\fTi> nprnea glven;'6peclar.-*il:.'jiotirs'J0 tQ.8i :
''A-fMMp^'jJEitNARr) rjpa'd? j'pur life correctly';:
:• 'aflvlce.;giveru on- all atfalrs- of-.Yife':-,satlsfac- i
, • tion' tuarantepV] rjcritt up.: j -.17. 3d. . next-- Exem.;"
:;.MI5S-JJEMDAR',- Joung.-glfted'clalr.' arrd palm.;'
. .has «?cond -'siEht: a i-wonderf-uf- prophetess;
• ; wm(^;.|. fiOg';. tp."gl.-,71jl Frankll'rr..nr..Xj';Gray.
.>lME.RA.V.ENNA;fornj*rlx 5 4th" fit., rjeads-Mfe;.
;• .business a.ivice: noines-fjlven: readings! :">0c 1.-.
.-"' week.. Otfic^s S. 1 ?."* Ho'ward. bet. 4th and\5th.
MrB/A-tL-.-T^fonenberg, palmst,clalrvoyant. ca.rd.
1 .reader.when others. 'fail try/ me ;good readings*
' .100; 721 Fra'nklln.n'r.O..q..ave-.'Tel.Larkln 4207.
.MME.' LOVONIA,' claln^yant, palmist— ReacT-
-. . in'gs this week 25c.'» !l6S Jessie s^pr. Sixth.
' OLDEST lady 'rialmlst 'and. '. card read'er In city.
¦ -2(1*4 . Kcariiy, room 20;- ladles,* 25c; gents, 50c.
M1S.S "-WAR17 gives: names, dates and facts;
-rea-llnga daily; >iot open Sunday. 1 017 .Market.
M.n*3- BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from- 132- to> : 23 *£- flip.: .1. "25c. .g. 50c.
MME. ' LE FERN"'- card reader, has removed
. from 10n Fifth at. to 118 Ninth St.. • .,-,
MRS. BAUMANI4. the well-known fortuns-
.-t^ller. la now at: 31 7 Ellla st: . • .-.
; MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
,. tlngn daily.'448*4 Jessie st.,.*b»t.-5th and flth.
--j- \ . c^™yp'_c*fcqTHisag. t - : .- : : ' - .
I C..F. ADAMS CO.' ~ ' • : •
..'EPKCflAL .C.REDIT STORTi*. <;>*
, •„ v, • We -clothe the .Whole -famlly-from bats.* to
,. »hoeB;- everything tip .to dute at cash prices.
' Credltfor "all. 318 Mason Bt. .
CLO7HIS& *agNOyATIgO.
¦SUITS gleaned. and 'pressed. -SI; scouring and
- d.yelng. . Bon, Marehe, : 40. Ellis su. room. 14;
ph6ne Drumm 44: ¦' Call -for f and '. deliver , free! !
•^*>^;' CXntES BUPTUKE. i : '-^: . ' ; ;
WHO?— Hunt e'r." 1206 Market St.;: $100; rupture
cure for. $10; circul.fr explains; send for one.'
EMPLOYMENT \VA»\TED-^-MAI.K.^J
WATCHMAN or ri'Hlti&n M trust, s'.ore cr
lar^'e -tuildinj.-, by . military ' man. • former
¦ 1-x.puty Sheriff ar.d Justice of the Peace;
best of references. Bex lo<>2. Call office. c_
A^OUN6~nian. talks 'EftgHsh, French. Ital-
ian. .Spanish, plav?) piano, can attend to bar.-
' itfshes a position': couaf r>" preferred. Apply
Arcatlf, o01 Jlason tt.' ' .» . : • '
TO drive and 'care for autcmoblle; private fam-.
ily; country preferred; not afraid" of -vork;
fine all-around man: ! very, best references.
¦Bex 1102. Call. . • . " . . " '.
TOITNG mart desires position of any kind: not
s/raid or hard work; Box 1100. Call office.
WANTED — By a weti. recommended' young
man ;.' position as engineer or laufxiryman in
institution or hotel; city of coimtry: several
j years' e.vr-erlenc-e. r.*ox 4217, .Call..
AN exiH'ricrseed lawyer, ¦ bookkpeper. " ccrre-
sr-ondent.' business* manager, <*tc. wOl ac-
cept poBltion on email salary with- corpora-
tion. -Box 4003", , Call -office. . '"- •-'.'
AS Janitor in office buflding or church: can
do repairs; handy -with tools; houstcleanlng;
terrlperate; references. T. B. McMAN'L'9, 33
Silver st. • : . • ' .- '
WANTED — By a first-class barkeeper, a posl^
tion in a flrst-elaas country hotel or springs;
' employed at present: would like, a change;-
.' best of reference*. - Box 4206, .Call. ' - . .
AN oducated. -and ¦ accomplished young gentl?-
Taar. desires a situation' as companion and
• secretary to -an elderly, gentleman. Box -*073," ¦
"Call oUjcfr. '. - ' . ¦¦ ."
POSITION. Vanted — T.ounr. reliable Danish
man (speaks. Eftgllshl would. like work of any.
••kind.' Apply at Sorensen's' Jewelry atore. 103
¦ Slxrh...st..- -. . ...- '. '. ' .'.'.¦'..-..._/•
W-A-N.TEP — Position /is atencgrapher and -tjrp>-
'. wrlte'ri ti»ferences furnished.-- Addresa ".box ¦
4.07g, '-Call office.. .'•'. • .' : ':" . -. . ..V ". •-."¦!
BOOKKEEPBRl yOtiiig man, sorb'e" experience; |
wants' a 'position;' clly or- counjry^ good..
i worker':- furnish reference. ;' Box. 4070, .CaU-! V
TVANTED — Position as-" hpte'l..'c!erk,--"by. .-young;
•'fnau of. experience; .tho'rouglifjf;" capable, "-shd-."
." reliable; fejerence. -.TSox 4205. •Call..-..--:* • .-*•¦
¦SITUATION wanted-'-aji assistant 'b.ookkeeV.e?;-
* .wa'g»s mo' obje.ot. . App'l'y- >it-Sorensen'-s Jewelry'
..'. etorVi l'J3 -SixW at. . :.• •. ; * ¦• -. '. ].:¦' "•-•.:.'..
YQIJNG man," Lick', student. . 'de'sIrejs.-'l-.eve'nlnB'-
or Saturday erhploj-jneht. ''-^ox. ,¦^128,;.t:aH:•
l ••J^L"l^\NESE— 'H6nesi-Uoy. -wants work'l'ri- dental-'-
labf-atpry, city, or Oakland: .fiave.-.i. years'..
; .•exfie'riphce;- sriialf ."\*ag*ee.. .HEiS'RT.: -16S^:
• Seventh 'tt..* Oaklana.: 'Cai: -¦ . '.'.: -. • .' *;' ' ¦ -.- •.;...- .
JAPANESp'strpng' man' .w?ht?":a- Bfi***^* /.*°"
'.*• do-'cooWni: -anfl ."-ieherai .•.hbuse.wprk-; : "-CK".
' AK.I. 'aSfXtlj Cagtro;st: v \*\ V " * '¦ .*/:";. .: : rJ'-t
J|A-PAN*ESE--.tK>y,'. speaks "good" 'EnRflsh'.'.-'.wbpld-.-
Bamlke any -k-ln.d^of .'wpric before- 7;:3O. a: -njv-'pr ¦'
Wlf ter - d.-. m.. .- pbx .41S9,' -CaH'-offte^-;-':'". '.'-'—,;
JAPANESE'- honest Boiy '..wants'-'a - position; ai-,
•-J schpolb.oy: • J.- m FUTO. .'caile: Olsoja,:* ' SIO"4 .'
. • Stockton it:''.' •',..'..' ',' •.'•[.- .;-¦,'.':. .:.'/. .<-"^ : "':>
JAT?'A-S'ESE" nJdff ptudenti wishes .situation, as,
-.-•'schoolbtiy.. for" a- good faknllyy-Kj-XA^AP^'
.'-. 'SlO^-'Stock'tort ;gt.' '. ':":¦ .. : ;.-.;?:-;V-- ¦¦:¦'; ;'^y-'-:--"-
" JA'PANESE 'young--. bbV wanta "a'.-poslUbrf- sis'
'." .echooV-boy. Ja «n.ali -family-. -S. ; H.;\lt02'lia-;
'-.; • Hji.na.' jt*";-. \> •.'.... .-.•_'•"• .'. ¦¦• .- ./^-/.'i;..--'.^ .".*'..¦'•":.•'
A' : - JA'PANE"S>E -Boy- wlsne-'s; 'poaitipri-' ai.' porte> ; ; ;
.. :wpflt:'in.-'i:lore 'or 'e.leva'tor .. tjqy^ •-.. Address-
. :>TAyAGAiM0;..4J8.=I^atbraa '«t-f .'.':'".'"; .y.-'j •¦• 7 A
'-A-JAPANpSfi 'boy.'wapts.-a 'poirtiott'.-at'. house-,-
• .•wor.Jt'-iin.' hbtel'.c>r-' hjdglng-housei:-- Apply -T.":
-¦'•K'A-N; .-S50 Jessie- sf, _.;-, :• \ ¦ V-' ".". .V. jt.\-i ' .¦>.-.>.
YOU-N-6.' Japanese " : wiimts • posttlon-'aa'"- cbb.k;v
• .wages'. $7 •'.¦upV«.."we"ck. : -" .Ca'U -ED : KAN;.:S50.
:•-.. Ellis' -su-' -;-"./c.\ ¦'.:'¦. •'. : -.\'"~-". > '.:'' : \';}'-' •¦--:'.' : :
' HONEST •Ja'pah«s4'..wants'-p'a<e'T'-Js- ~-flcsi- 1 cra*B;.
•'.¦¦ ;-cook.. ~6i9 .Webster i £.-.'.• 'pa JUand.;... ••;-.••¦..' -.¦.-•'; :¦;.;.
¦ JA"FANESE-" 'bov. '-.winfs; '.[ '-posl'tie'iii- ''.' Is. gopd
; ..- waiter. •'.GEOh.GE/..-'*»0': : je'Mle";st.- ."• .; ./¦ ;' ~;< '¦]
GDO13. JaianesCe. -boy -iv'apt3 po'slti^h.. a^.'schbolV".
'..^.tK)y-r-Spea'fc3"-EfeKll«b;r«-'ell.--gOS*0'o;--lg2r»:-I*lne.-:
..'.•-' . : ' ;-;rBA.THEli ; : r.iXti'. : ; J : ;^. : . ¦'¦
BJ Be'jv;," hfiaUhful.prpcessi 'Caii J*)team-.1^'eaxh«rr;-
.';.': :Cp,>>Sj2S- -Vati' '-Seat lay*.^ t.e1c-H.oward".31«*?..'.; ,
) i:q;.''Li:Ty/;;'}-- ; "^V^
"AAA^-TO.Csfe REScTIOCG^EP a'rTMEN^ / ; . '.'.'¦
,".¦' 'A ll.iJeeirabls-'v.aca-cr -houses ar!d"-ftatS" afe--.li?t-- ¦
.::-ed Jn'.bur '•¦fre.e.--renii2g:rfeVartmen;; o"vec-'1000 :
• "--'in pumbcr;-"a'torIi'J5lned'llst from'all.agen'civs';-"
.' let' iia.- give yoa-'a (i»t "apd help. you', to- find a'
" place; .Tye".i7«v'«-r "fall^servlca fi;eej-i •" ••'•.•.••
•'..- ... :': sti^rliko" ru'H>'iTt*jiK.-'Go:. : . '-'. : "- ..
'-..¦.'. •••.•.;.•- ¦¦• vl05»- MARKET 8T.."- •'.'
'-. : : - /'.- V ;:.. " •'•• ' ; :.:'.QPyQ"SlT£ "Alc.ALLtSTgBL- -.'¦
-..-iiervl'ce.'. : aBsii)luiely';.f* : e«! : ;- fake- : "ad'y?in.tag«'-ja£-. :
' , ,'thls ;gepaitnient-;' It .w-ijl'-Bave-.ypa'' tijhfi 'and'
:/ • {rpublev'-pord'ea- Fur'riitur* Co.I .-245-1239 Cffiarj;.--
! -•^i;^p-tl)e'8quar : e..- "•.''/' ."'¦';.' •.¦'•• '. -V'vV.. 7 -:'
.-f23-r ; .Nfev5r> : flr«t.""fljit; -.7 '¦ .large rboriis • '.atsci .up- •
O'. : P?t" fljlt.V -7.-.rboms;.. giin-' irr-eyory-'roomn' -.if^Ji'.
•'..- •Bcoiferii'k;- sti; 'near- i?os\j ; -fIata"".ope"n.-: ; -.;-- : '.'f.
rCAR'£7'21.£-.Ti'eah St'anf an;- 1 biock-ftojn-.park-^- •
: -0 rog'ms ; a"rid," bath;. Vent. '|25.'.- : :.' : . .:.. ill z\. :':-.
¦nEAV^^GLPvTlV,'- : Sfld^5.rtpe -*lewi i> zpxima.
.:-jtnrf. bat.h;.'..ao'ubfe".paflors^"reivt; reasorwcb1ej"~-\-
¦ ¦JOQWX.T-O'.tjj.' sunnyV vpP^r" f]aU' : grnnd- rn'arine.
.'•.-ylie.Wii-G.rooTri.s j-, r^h : $37 -tJOV^Oa^ . P'ine-«f.- -.-¦.-
..•SeVe^TEjENTU,.*^^;- *#.»>• -Oastrq ' tC eati.^-.
"-¦".• .J-rpdi'rn -snrinjr ytip&r. flat r.-batfri .£asim'*nt.; )..
:;TW^XTT-SJ&!Cfp>*lK • 35'3d,!".''h'?a'r". •DoloreaC.fll
¦;¦• hooms..a_nd bath';.<SoutjIe;pa;rl-orli;.:"rer(t.'$lS.'.-v.- .
FIjAT-* jof-.-t'tiree-. -rooms ;-'rent.'.".-'$12;'-. -Inquire- "225 .
./^F^Moa-;?!.*;..' ¦";.¦;•.•:••::>..;•'- y-';.~. ;-; . r^ ;;: '.-.
•-yAt-I/EJO..''..f2.43-iLowe'r"'6 .rjopms. iihd. bath?
; : " re-nf, ' traycnable'.'v *¦ ... ¦-. .** •" ."'."'•'•¦.•• "-'•''¦'
-."FtLLllORE. .i-H4i-Flat T'.Wrge. light,- ."suririy
•; . rcoms. "bath-i rent .reasonable; mqiJern. " ." ••"
¦GRAND". ¦vlejnf at Calif-., "cor. •'L.yon": .new modern
'*.• eu'nnys furn- <r"-unfurn.. bath' and-. -laundry'.-.'.
SOirET,HIN-G."'newi-4."room*.;. see ' lt.to^day.' WY:.
.. Ilayes at.: wafer, carb'age,', janitor. free/ ' '
StTNNY- -cor." flat;'- modern;'- "6 rms, .bath';- rent""
-..$35. ; Cor. McAllister and' Broderick at?:.".
-...¦.'FljATS TO LET— FilRSiSHED. . ¦'¦'
F1JJTE "flat^ff.Tished. compiate;' 6 'rooni8;-"gar--
jden-i for O 'months from, the 5th- .'of' .-May' to
•.¦fejfppnslbie 1 people :only; near Golilen Gate'
-." ave." qnd. Fillraore st. Bpx 4234,- ' Call .o'f'flce/-
-.WASlIINGTON. 2SS3^-BeautKuHy fu.rnished
';¦ 'sunny',flat, 7 .rooms ;• jpiano: garden.. .'•'• /::-.
HYDE.. .727— Newly 'fu'rnjs'h>d' flat of -.6 rooms;
..-. walking, dfstance; call- 2 to'4. '. ' . .. •"- . •-•-
•FJLAT.S :fqr 'sale~fijrxisheo. • '.
¦: — , /.-j.-L-"--^. .¦*-.! -*. — --«.. _ . '.,--.
.i*Dl3T, 432— Elegantly. f.uphip.hed fl*t of-iae'ven'
• .. 'rooms; for s"ale: modern^.' jie^y-'. f-'urnjture;. new
'.¦'caFpetsrcy.ery.thlng'new; mus^ sell; Coet $#&>'
-. 2 m_onths.'.ago; : ..price -$.650;. terms. *. : .' f'. . : '-
'. E;DDT;-.i56^-.l>lega"ntly --furnls'hedV flat for: sale*
. ~ t at'.{i rbafgafin -on", account bf .shjknees,.. . -.'.
*FIVE-RP6m .flat, • nearly" new:- Call 0,'tb"4';
¦.^¦yl0/.Kr> «t-V * " : ". •*:"'"-. : 'V ':. ¦'¦• •'"- . •• "" '•
.F"OR sale or exchange — £lat," " wjoms" and. bath;
- -.-rent $20:'.prtce $275. ia^> Valencia. at; . • -'-.
- : " FURXITURE I^bu. SAt^Bj .. "
¦•CHEAPEST place to buy/furnlturel'-sfoves and
-.- household" goods- of .every 'dpscriptloh-' ' ffats
.'. bought.- t'laslon Auc.House.423-433 ' Valencia!
FIVE-ROOM flat." nearly- new'. Call I "to 4
' 30 Krle.st. ' '¦-..; '• • '
f " " : F.URMTURB WASTED. ' "V. '.
A; WOLLPERT. 77.T_Mlssion. phone 'KedPSS;
'-. buys, rents, repairs." packs furniture, oarppta.
B. T. SCHELL".' 2U2 Mission; phone Church'
5570, pays best prices. for ftirn., carpets, etc.
HrGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H
•BURP. guctioneer.lSia Mkt. ;tel.Howard 275«*I
HELP WAXTED — FEMALE. .
A— WANTED— Glrla to learrj """n^dVessinT
manicuring, etc.; trade taurht from A-to.Z
in 2 weeks; $."i to those t*nt,<;rin!r now; 3 po-
eltions to fill immediately; positions cuaran-
¦ teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 283 Geary >t..- roo'm 13.
A— Girls to le'arn millinery now for spring Eca-
t'on: both st-asons taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $15;. positions -as trimmer*
palesladies. etc.. gurrante^d at $1<> p er wk up-
day and evening class. "143 Stockton st.; r. 13.
A— LADIES .to learn all branches hairdresMng
trade, manicuring, massage etc. 123S Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room Ut- positions secured
at highest wages;- day, and, t-ve. class; call.'
WANTED— Experienced salesladies'. Apply
between 9 and 11' a.' m. at HALE DROS.V
WANTED— Experienced -Jacket and skirt al-
teration hand. -Apply between !» and 11 a.
" m. at HALE BROS'. •
.WANTED— : An experienced proof reader on book
and Job work;. ono who; -has, some knowledge
• of Job printing? preferred. Apply: SANBORN,
/ VAIL & CO.. 741; Market st. , ¦-¦- - ; •
COMPETENT second st'rl ; , German. . French or
Swedish: wages ?20;-.'J in family.' Call 2S61
Washington at.,- bet. 0 a. m. and 12 ra.
'. . JJOHST .D/ SP'B'CC'OEJ^Proprietor.^
• AY. *). ijARTIS? Dasinpss Manager
A*k for TH"e' CACJU The- Operator Will Con-
. nVc». You. With t*M Department Jcj wisn.
' Publication -tVific'."". Market and Third. «. J-
¦Editorial' Rcbm-. .. .*. . . .217 (o .221 Steventon. st.
'.JDel.n-«>red by Carrier* *20 Ct5. Per. Week. T5
Cu'.'-Peflltonth. Single Copies 5 *-«¦«*•»• . .
="Ttrni*- b'v.'Mail. Including P^t-tage »«-a>h vnn
; o; . v .. ... -. ©rcior)- ••«¦>• • ,
•PAIhV CALL VinMud.. Sunday*. I year. . ..*> "«'
DAILY CA'J-L .<lnclu*.'Sur.dMv»/6 moi...-^
J'Ajl.Y <TALI By'SirJrle Month....:
f LXtrAX.CALL-l Y«;ar.: *-JjJ
M'ee;-;ly"-cai".l, 1 %>ar. . .•...;.' — .- - — • * "'
. .' ..-- .'.. - rna r 'v 58 *-0 Per.^ear F.xlra
..;• .KOnrnG*; J^'v. '4. 15 Per Year Extra
. :Po^|.AGE: '-VwetUJy./lOO Per-..\ear Extra
¦.ALL 'f^¥MAST£rrs'' ACE •' AA'THORIZEp-
:.:¦¦¦¦¦¦ /¦r-^nizcci\y.:svv,^R^vTip^s^ \ -
¦.Eamr.:e ' t-crVi? .*:t;i .'b»; .for.war.dea . »-bw. »*<-
V- ''¦.-'¦ - :V<- ¦'•.^•>.: ; . : . 1 -Q4fttf8 1 --:-'' v ¦¦"«"¦¦' • ,-'-,,'."
V "<':jtfa)*i*u'te.cY.iber^f-n, owJpfirjg. .cha>*e -of- *«-
::.<rr iV.-KiT'vJi^ :"b»f-.: fcis-ucula-f -.ta give:-b.pth > *«> v .
;A-S;j5:v : o UW- •; At j'OilESS''. Vn": ;-9r<3er:.:. jo;. »*££* ».
,-'j;rpri:pf.-ar.(J',;o9.rre<:t-. «o4:^hance-; wJtn-.ti*e;r it- •
;^ ¦~^;;v--^^*^j^/*.^y •:' * .-.
¦?'•'¦¦ '¦;¦'¦ -.'"*• Oakland oi^ricE- ¦."•;-.•'¦,^,-
•1V». : BtT'ajiitky?: .: ¦¦.-..":, r v^-: : VT.el-eph«xe Main .1083..
rtj^;:cfhVr: Street; v^V-'/V .-.^efrptooh*; VorttsT:.
¦iXri^f^sT^^tcihic^E^s- •> . * :¦.
:¦ \>t\iWcrt~i.5tcr:i«>-'ijc*ri:. .Ai..'.-Bcent*ho. •-«*;•
¦¦t^<>h,^war.: V 'A: iiV-r»,%; .JJIV fiikt U -Firtb-ave-
;'^b"u<; r THyr<j't CT.UHo:vr.:an"::j.INTy*e : •¦';•'.' •;.;- ..- '"¦.';¦ -..
: ''^: ¦-^e.Ws'.'STATCtoi-: - '¦':'. -^ - . :
¦¦c^r^eihl.VlfJtel rO'frtrobnt- :-Hou5e;- ' Aufr.tortiyn.
r «ffl^::;^^E^yt>nse:.;:-:; % - . : ; ;. ..*. ; -; .'.•¦.¦'•.-: '.'¦::' ¦¦¦" \
'>lv-.-V!CTM r i.CAr;'o; >&ifr\ilA¥M£i?lv-tjj:-£:. : ''s
•¦c..v.O:K'a;./r:.:K.t:v><>>-^^.'-iH'ftV* tte '; :HU ''° ln P'^
rVvyi^ng .- J)i»:»rit >Tv%>"hcti«.' •.Centrar. .251? : -.. J -.- :
¦K-"-v ; -.yE^-tbKK/ : ftEPkEsSXTATJ^ ¦;
;":i'v'\-:^^'-'"^0ciclc©'K'i;^Ei?po^bJENT-": :;'.¦".•¦;••'
r - Ai.l-.cn Heia.d Sveax*
\- y. i h' Pan . Frj-nci'-ico:.
'<¦'¦ x~. ¦'. -..¦.-'•¦¦r,'-.r.'-VftVi- ; «t ~~*rJ. • "rViJ'rd ¦«rwt-<=-}'OSea ¦__
¦^ : :-wr;rl ;2 ¦.<ry«iik"'>v^r>-'/nrrii:/-:n'.;t.he ; . yeaf. ;-.. ¦
>'.:¦;• "¦¦:'-¦•.¦ -,. : vI^-A^CHVOFVir-nS'-.ViC V ¦.'./:¦¦.'• :^|.;
¦..'5-ff* 'Market. •*':r<£V':ti'-4^si?*'>''>f'*i^. < *.P^'*. : --^?.^v'.
v-'ti'-j' :.m- ¦ " ••'¦ "--:- : " : -'- '¦•¦¦ '¦' '¦'¦-' -'¦¦¦'¦ ''¦'¦-. 'i"-"-'-->,'-: -¦-
JJ7-: r;.-.rr:c?:r.fr.y ¦: F^r?rt. , oorncr Clsiy;; . open ¦
•' 'rf«;. : 'is5;>v« s4rt*i.-.. : -cr.f.ri' -xtciV fl:5b. :p; :m. ; - ;.-..'.;"!;."¦¦
¦;i»^iiv :•!».; vi^stsr :yy:-ff'iy.-iyrrt*-:ii^:-'f. i*'^ : p.:;n>*-;--. :
•jJ/.r^.'.-i-iB^ii.-R-.-Ftrcft-j-'cT-r^n.- urrta:».:3Q p. m-. :;..:.- ¦••,-.
*«!>r-t: :ei*n Am-ii.-iq.p: .pw; ;-. i, ',
.;. : ib'l'-:.'.-i:.Ti'k«f". »ire»v .c^r^fr. Sixteenth.; v;«P«a.
'^¦^t!^; ; :5E~j ; /'rn.- :¦;'.:•''..:¦,:.•¦. ¦" ;• "¦ "-.¦'¦:." : .v-. r .-:.":;.-v":
:''^^.-i--.-'v' : ri::H-f'-* : '' ; ti-rpfn". cntn »jp.;.m. ..:.,.. -. •-.-¦
J:iV*;.'^"1'kria'-*:r^.:--^K«'h, v unt;;i.»"-J*-/tli :^V ; :-
"^••iii.VVti;?i-". ;- ; crr v fr";.Cf-.-urth' .Hcd/punpan s.tre«ta:
•¦:</--:>in;Vuhiii-".&";p^;'rti-:-' ;..¦¦• • . ; . . .;;
..:?:>^1-rr>-.VFt-..-..orn*r -<if :\f.»rfr!ty-*f.ctod. ..aad-.-K.eBV-
¦r:..:'-,-i"ij-. ; kv;,-..v rr .;...y.- -opfr^ . ¦ •.jnt-ll ¦"....• p. :rn. .,..-. ; : ; •".-.-.
viTiati. V. ¦"op*'n':;y.ntt.I-. -9' -p. m. .. -..'¦'•¦.;¦
ifs. ' ' " "till T«< M ' <KK VICES.
\F : i^f : #>V5'.i^tf'-A'^-ii^>X"^
; r : '.'-i-;:i : ;-/ v^i V: ¦S^} : <\".yf i t»v, ;^->\-uy.-.tWs\wea- i
V!;>-ii!n,v;;^i:.. :-\|-iV.vr-".-V"-- ¦¦-J.-*'*rjn-ifi« s "*- ->rr!3;dire<Jtbr:.;
:C 'id*^ :^ ¦'{ m .- W" I",:" ::V,1^ ~y}.ni:*&if? : ... ' AU-. are,
:y.':''K v y'?t'-9;:-.-Vy>-nV 'tyd:;-;--': \ y/> 7. ;-..-¦ ,-; : ; .- :'.;\ ¦-. :: > : -; -' -.-.
'.,'..¦ :.^ : :• ./:.-¦ '¦¦:•<' ''.j-\\
V^AiJl'-i.N^ *.'.'>: -.,-rWi N> 1 K ?'",
¦f-.- »•*:•?¦= ¦|J---S ; --J'Ur.,' i -:--VVsal'tr ¦¦.¦'i:*riS :1 -: : -'.EV.EN-r.-B«p.
: ;;-!V?^ : jkV;^^:/^y^^rsr'- y Trmpi^.-: -A-il'ICJ..-:
[ ; ;-y ;>-oi-v«'<oi>="i-V:-: iPX'trdi'; ;.;. .,-.¦.. •• .-; .'•' .- " W
:'. VTft>MAFi-tr-;M:< r\v->;i:v ¦-i.-0aiir.ji-hd.-r.'-':--.--:,-; ;:-,--.
¦'zLJ " HrN JHI-Vv n ' ' " •' r '
y;^2/.F,.'an.<5;>A.v'.',;j|;'.-:.-:.
¦•''l>-.'M.:.-,.s«i-jll--tp«f.t ¦tH!^JVrt:.Ilh\T;V:;A.FT<'VVr:':
;•: ;¦ , ij*-.F;:r::'. i :f :x ; St.- : -.T-4i-tn?i. rath: :•' M^-Eter
'. •: .".MiV i v^" i^'j :':"Av.-'- '^.c'.' '-V"Jr K^f .. <*>' -Mifi'te-r^..;^
.' ¦¦- > : : '-j ""K^.P't^ft-.-'^V'--^XP-''#H'X'; '-^K^jHajjv-^'
: Kwjfci^-tJc^f x ; •;>Jv.;;-'.f > ..' : »E.4':"A^ *£ff - ; : jjs 1 ¦¦: •••
r.Cfl'at'ri ;*.>. ;;et;ri ; :. : T^A^'^'^^-^-^S-^DP- '
:;": '¦¦ ; ;; : !^}.tyJi<XE;r;E ; N i j!^G'^^js'ecipeta'rir^ ;.%>y-:^
• : .^r-;lEr.\'xii i'im'^.na i^ c , %, :it « '• ',
'¦'. *y+:<-i:;v ,vv^.--r,^r"-j^^rr!>'>tV'C"fTii"5.--Sftf"..-
.' .^eiTK.V'CV.O -J-trfiiyj V:k> > iV.'.cliirR.'; "-• /V^''
;^;::Af>;va/VV:-A^V-VX-l>:i^.^T^-;ury;->: -- :^- .
¦¦CA^lS^tiMitf. > S :-! i«J : I; >6 l ".;.tV ; !: .
,"•-.:¦: -I.>.\ .-'¦•*-:¦-.;¦"• : ,-: r^c;^-' -THIS ""<* i^*--»9i*3& r ' :
-: "S'.-r-<% f Ni ' M'i'J.-.-'-A» rii --.-*:- s^-jyyi-.;^ ; ;:^5SB5sr , :
. ; .t-'/^v; ¦"": :\ is.t ":> •¦"" . j^-.Vjrj. ¦¦invH'sL'- -;';?'^-:r
>>iv:,v .-.-il.'-i •:,':.vy..rfe"f j;v;< :: ?^' wijjiWL: ¦>»¦ :G^-. 1
"•tfi^'-^-^'y^y •nfoVife'v' -'"•;¦- V'- •' V-*.; -/>:-
rC^-iii^^KNi-A" "Oi^e'^Np!-^.!," ¦•.K^ ; oT.'i Ji» % ='v ;
• '-v- 1 !' i 5 f -.;/n>- : it"; -'j'jfisi ¦' ".<>:|.<I '.>ATV ; vat ¦ -K : V^^» > : . :
; V' 7 :^!i^^r :^^^ ;: -^SSH?§ : ;
..V." -.4"' : ""'.'f>' ¦¦>¦? :."' --V.-iy'tttirir.- ;,c^r- v ?£&!2& '
¦: ; ;-: »:-iV-r---ir^Vr'<'-r»V' •":¦¦•¦•}-:•:¦'¦»••;¦ 'M<;-i.t.'-:^/:v--.- v«2-<T> '
¦->.--''^kv-..*it. : : ;^t; CVN7?->"v;--; Ky ;-i-f -nrVartd-; sr' ; ; X;;: :-
-if:A'S''TiRA : 'NttF:COL : tent JjX*4*;S '. "• 'ii^5^S^:'-
-. ! : ¦K,'i©-{;T.;^-i'';r^^vi*^-THls. ' •A^ : ti-i^*jk-
v.-: .^feii-A.v.i : - pX :-R3i3Nrt : \ '••*£ . «; : O^i?-&^g
:^ *'*?c>»Cv-.---.''.*?>'?»>'**??. ¦-- 1^*' i "V; : = *-::",K^l.
; ?, ' z- 1 * 1 " " V v u « i'^h AnDS, - ?;¦¦: "^ !?^£iri^
..,". ;.:;.v •-"--.-.;. -._:-.,ft«cord. Keejjer.-^ ¦-.- : -;."7g &+3&P? ';.
• :^^LAlB:" ::;^n ;p^' : i*g'-' r »>t v thi?;Caiedo- •' ''i-f 7 **.
;\<^™?'^^7^^ r^tt\X&;iat\K$-tt$J:
'¦ .^crrttl-:":- -^"''T.tiFli ".rmiV. .'117 LafkJn-ViiXi'-v*
''..•¦^i-urAV-M.- .MiM PH !'.-USr>N..-.Chi^: :: ,- : '."'S^V .' :' '•
/ '"¦ .'. \- J a M-ns- •; H , vr.-x? y can. Secretary,- : . .• .;.-. •'.-;.-, ; •/.-
:'TS'i'-i': '¦¦i\'^M"\ ' V-r. >!• *!»¦ ¦at : i;*«ri:"irieTV : .of. ..-thi;'.--St"a.*-e- ;
-' i>f'.-y-:a'vWerij'a:-n-iil'.-:)Ki>«l **W.' -rf'sula-r icxs'-rn-'i
'.'• "ir.-iiyi ¦'«•'' in". ?>>\#yarri1^a>i'«n"-"e;ljasnT»epE; : /:4yir.
¦¦: 'F^!%H;:*"i^mn^issJbri;.-.'<;.riy.-' : I;'all^ .Ha.Ti- Tra,iy-:
•"..- .Of'cO: -'.j-'alV. ¦ Ayrii -5; ,<'•-. and .T.-,'»ft*./ »yirinn'.trig r .
.'.-• "e'f'.-i «"¦.*': irn'i -.V'r-df.ii.tialfc-f ii>>t}ha."i» > ,-fliWd-. w.rrh.;
' ' ' fh»"'- '¦'>*0Te':iir l "-"'.-*O'n*'" rt^vB.-r« b ?r<r< s .thf.'.eXanii •
.f l.-rj'.ipir: -v jg rx>*5qE: '.<5.".;<JfeRE.~ --M. i Pw". i.^c!-"
: : : :':_ :•_:¦..¦•-. ;.-.';.-; ¦^.¦:^i,: '.;'^.;.;- : A;^r ....;
':* f *? T /^? '• e^';^':';:*^!?*:iTV^^ t K'**'^r.tV.t-* n .-!. t *'.< 1 "'
¦^'"^- ; i8«VogV<"ch;'p^y'.<*Acwit>prat^
."'•?ni^.f.rt-:-.-ir^c<Vrijt 1 w't ; !r: be.;helH:at •*'he.'..«rtjn-..
•' £a.n»* *-.*>fA'-e;' -rociA 4is. Pa_r>fttt=: bju.UAJh'ri.'SiA'-'
,: ".K:-.r:r;K-V-. -C.oi.V- : rri--*5l"ED>:E.H.riA-V:;-. A>rlV,l3.^
-.;¦'• l'.'^:-. a't'-/^ ; "-*"r.tb^^np^.:;"''^r.;^ji..,piLHriJO«e";"^>f-:
• . .. <f".'e-v^k:i« 'bf/arVl -t>r <iir» ; ct«ir>-to.-s«;ryp.'-fpr N .ih«":
I-".' •?*"?";*-¦*:• -i^'r 'i'r,d.;f6r the iransiaclVrm^'f 'Ruth'
'• '- c'.r>r.'-.HUf.:n»-JiSt>ii«vTC!a'y" be] 'j>r'6i>er)f-
¦.'.".-bfj.cf* .th«.abpVf -w.^flrt-:.,-;.^. :>.•¦.'¦".-:.• c".'.-.:.-;-
¦"••¦ ¦'""V-"^';™.-" •V^--y^fi B^T''^^ t »: f >> ; v = :
i^R;.r^iV.Tr(^.."fl'F*.«;i^h"ly.;i^u;,-^
.:. ¦¦at j*'- »V Vrar.TTi 'i;n'.-r»-f ¦3 > iV-nff'r..b;.udd! : rtg, .;5' .pip"n>iy-". :
- .'•\flfi<&j, : '*s r.. ! 'i*ll'« .'. "yiarf i p? !'• N^ ur-'j .-.jui*'- r-'n'ter*
• . -. t »^.rri^r * i '¦-¦' :. TT'*" V • .'.!•* <"* :'***"n:, ; F«iV.nU y : - 'mfidr':
J' :'.^rjf!?*fd'-8iill-).V*ry.-t*<i .-aV.-a- -lk>c*>rx^tiTsV/"'aBil.-
•' *•¦ "-f.'.'.^wj- i-JT^.n -(oj!"-"J P 'I^fjion;. •' ;':'; ' ;' '? .-- '.;"¦ ;.-'-.:•;." .-¦
; : A .v;:y:trK-:;S;nrw»rbr :^ye«ti-^TAfWfiek'J^
.. '.. ;3g'p«Orj08.' in ffM-'af'fv'W; f<rr'rrn<ii\trik' r (V'per.j-far. \
r VA?*r.TEP;'Hr«i<h'f 1 if''>: i ?m.c n-:tf) •iraxei r or~:r*p^'
-.> • .¦rr^^t'- : a i .-rHw>l*'.-- .ror,-ibxa0bn. at '-bnrn* : :! *aj-. :
'*¦<:'• .^¦¦¦¦f*'*Z.y ".^¦^• i rf M11 i-.--tnust- itv?. "-TPfprf'nri^si. :
; :'- vArfir^S ¦}<>ii~ra'r. : .'k!ans;c'.r' < :- :b/.x; .T^S, - Clrjclnv!
i;.*Kati :> ; f '.'^".. .-.:-'. .-;*•¦-/¦;;-{;•';-¦- ',-..'-v-:^.-.'.* -V : ' •
VirpX.an'^- can- «Wke";frt5ni '.33'.!f6
•"¦'.-'*;" '" f. v^r-.'.;.«!iiy^-jr<;i';- <h'i».-'stri^ll-'-;'in<V*trnent -of
: -.->v .•A^'rs'H'*' ¦T^rs'iae-v-vj. cH^,:.' l->nTl" ; lt5.c' for".
: ".- : .'.E'mr>l'oj^?h.t^:BUreiqJ^if;
i.-'ij>ar>-...«f.;.' Xoottt^StTr.'; .••'•".¦'¦.• -.¦.'••¦ -i- ' >. '..'" '.-'.
# ", ./.^.y» #^*BT*^:*flfrif:ir l P: ,;"w ;«xi5ri3W»; ;*•••"-;••¦
•a-AVjarCr-irffntiyyciurrfd'; t'hroijEh:"ex.cha"n«*
• •;«!" i -repent j -ihr»e$^O pch61arihipB'/n.. r .tfee twaC-
r ;<yfl!e|EJ**>t .A<JV«*ril*i/ir';ln'- the/Unlted fetatej,-
.- 1 .4.Til-"rt»11't»wTrt- srt- 2S .p»>. Vrrti " discount 'for'
. ' <»-*h; .ih» ; .roH»>Cf>; \<°a.cVs .-advertistnx' .wrlt-
". :j.c -6y.-corfe«pcni1en-c«> »nd'aprlstii'.jta-' rrad-
' list-* -..to e'-«~i>r<".- rorlflKn»: oitaloaru's -rur»' k
¦ ri*b'-<V'rrr'nT>cVkvtU-n.>.A'rt<*rPCT"i>ox 3026. C« 1 L : •
*^> A'HrOlix.KVS^AT-I.A'lV.' .." • • .'
.A FRIV.ATEV.qu.lcK.<livVe*j *foW#Tnatl fee.."- : .
t-» rr.e and *ave m/>n»y: ho paj»1n" advance.
, O. Wt HOWE. . ATTOBNET.'AT--UW. ; .':
TC^tablifhed 22.>r«.; rrr.«, 1. 2. 3. 4-& b. 1st H.
J122 Mark«»t.-rt... between Mason «'nd Taylcr;-
Aovtce /r*e »I1 rratt-rs. Detectlymi employed.
B.tW. KINO. Attorn-y-'at-Law"; TCxsm. bldirT
r.th .flooV. *-ntranc»- # "ro^im filf; eptablisheo* 20
vearFi aJI gcn-ral i»urt and office prac-
tke; no fee «i v4vanc> or :for consultation;
pvenin«-s by »iij>ointmen\. X'.U Red. *COC1.
DIVORCE fl2»* nrivk* 7ree7~Law
nnd Collection office, JfC3* Market at., room
•2. Wt.. *;th ana" Ttht office hours" 11 to 4;30.
DIVORCE law a specialty; no publicity; advice
fr«e: cpM» $12. Addrr-ift B.A.S.. P.O.box 2199.
DIVORCE — C/>ft*. $12: quick, quiet; advlei
Ute; open rvenins*. 827 M^rk»t at., rrn. 301.
L P. CLAKK. P27 Mai ket it.; consultation
Tr»*: no turn Jn adyanre: or-en »venlnir«.
ATCTOJlomLE>. '
VAJ'TED — An automobile of lat»> pattern and
In fint-fiat» order.. Box 4594. Call office.
SAD tenants • jectcd for $4; collections made;
*"ltr 05 country. Pacific £ollectloi Co...4l»
•tfcutcomerj-. ifo-c.s 8-10; UC Mala--S5S9. "
"i nCSlXESS CHA.VCES. V'oV
A yOrtlt DRI'STORK dOA tt> Call' buildlrig;
rFtab. IS year*; we!!- paying*, value In stock;
a very inre chance for. good di-ucjjist. St-e
H. Q, \\ li^KE. 20'i -KflHiy,-It';a .
A— $.1(>t'0— -CORNER saloon; close to Calj bldg.
3* years' leaf*; net rent $12*'; this U «me ot
the J>eM Kajoon locativnn In this. ci.y. and
a live man can clear $500 per month. Csli
R. G. WILKE,' 26'- Kiarnyjst-_ •
A — fSDC — BOADUOCSS, with danet hall, club |
and Jl\i;-g rooms: rent $40; electric light in- |
rludec"; 5 years' leise. Call K. G. WILKE.
2*4*4 Kearn>" st.
A— *10l«i; SAtOO.V and liquor store on Sixth
et. ; r»-nt, $5C»: b.u«ine-fci> O K, but owner ,J» en-
. Raged in other business.; rcust cell at once.
li: G. WILKE. 2t>^ K«-arny »t.
A— $45tK>;. COFFEE, tea "and cuockery store: one ]
of tht leading businesises ot" this kind and in
choicest location in this ctty : .rent. $ti5; all
rat-h traut; stock will Invoice $4000: a very
"rare cha:.ctr. . Particulars R. G. WlLlCE. pt,Vi ,
Kt-arry st. . :
A— $10(X> — CUUMilR cigar stand on .Kearny;
rent $S5: lea»e; a good business; cjirae and
Jnv<sr»g*tt. R. G. WILKE. 2U& Kearny st.
Al KLOCK of land. o(K)x:{00, In San-L->andro
with -hous.« ot 4 luumt; Income $400 per
.year..troai fruit: will exehance (or dairy I
ranch. Call.R. G.. WILKE. 26U Kearny st. j
A— $2W.O^-i-SAfcQON -in .wholesale, district; rent
"¦ $«j0i- pr*ce - ettabli^he'd "many' years Ona'eooJ
•" paylr.g.' -Call' it. .G. \VIL"KE.-2ti^ Kearny »t.
¦ A— $KW<^-COltNi:iS eroeeryarid bar on Larkln
'.'"tt.; doing •» tine cash' Uuslntss; value in j
. -.sight ; fre&h : £tGok;- no better- locaUon In this
:V city. - See "'it-- G. WILKE. 26 H Kearny el . ¦
A— 520C0 — COFFtiS saloon- and restaurant on.
..'¦wateriront.- c!b*« tr' Mai J:tt. st-;- place estab-
- ; I;«h'«tt yarW snd we!I-r-av}r.K; daily receipts
r. ' About $00. .Call Jt: G. \rj|:KE. 26H'Kt'arny.
a"— $1H"0^'SALCkjN, wjUi a rooms; xlose to
. Kearny 'aud-.-liiibh'jtH; rent $75: lease: place
• easily v'.c&ii . KOO'K-r .-.u.nth: nice .fixtures,
~<ctUA6u£' 4Qa£k of •l:«i'.iors.- Aii. particolars. of
: ". .M. '43-. •\V.iLki-:.-.2«;'*~ Ktitrriy it . ._••
¦A— *ii\X>f-" rJKI-ICATilff^iirCarAl'xr^irw. produce
• •¦>Vqt*-;". jrrot $.*;<•;• dairy receipts. - $.4S; plaoa
."* *Vlt:<r!nir" ; "«bfUt "$17*;'-'. per.' -menth.-' R.-- G.
..;" \YfLK.l ; :.-.;<JH-Keiirt,.v >t..\- . ."
A^T$l-^5»>^'C0RNEU--''gVoce!y and bar on
•'•'- O'Farn*I.l-. st. ;- : 'biiice. kti* by present owners;
'.- R-'-ytars'-intJ- -SZliig. a good "paying , cash busl-.
'.¦.-¦r*^fc": -'irtthv^VH-k: * Value" in. : 'elcht." R. ' G. •
' . ' ;\V ILtCJ-r tt'a Keaityy. yt.- ¦ ¦ . ¦" • -. . '. ¦..)
X-';$toO-'CQRNi:R ¦ • tiakery, . .^ith'. 4 ¦ living
';^'roojiis;--'»b95$t' i-.-.blocks- north pf. Market st:;.
'-.-I wSjk be:-fTii-rifi<.»d If sold, at .oace; owners to
.; ; lfave..city.- tall R..'.C. y.:iL.KE..-C6. < » Kear.ny t .'
;A- i -$UjtW 1 Ct.U 1 5-N.KR-«*lo«n' With.-i yea'rs.' lease';
¦;¦ :'-*.l'cf*-to: Flood --'building: tbls Is the choicest 1 ]
: -Vocation -in -'-thii'icity >nj sl first -class-, paying -I
yilaut&zeklj-J&twt P.-O.-' WILKE. 2«>',4 K^a.CTJ'.:*'.*" J
VV-$JaK«:AXl»T store.' and. ie'e -cream.- jjarlbrr,-'
' .,»i\Ji- -.stationery,-, -ejc. .on:-.D'cyisadero et.:- 3 1
':•¦ -r.Vinij room*;-.* splendid' Tovatioh and'^opd
.{|'--.'tgs;'f ; ey<''-.'^e--jK. V 'G.:.- Wi.LlvE. .26^. Kearriy: ..
A— S3pr^i)i COAL. -hay -aha ".grain >'ard ; on .Ge"ary
.- .*V;.rtrit' $iQ,- Uase; S. horses. .6. wagons.; busl--
¦ :: -.T>ei* .«Etab. :;e'anr;''.in°v(>etiKate- at'-once-; a. rare
: :¦-'¦ elyantg: .CaH^It.. G.;WlL;KE. .26% K-earpy : .st:,"-
'4 rooms -arid "bath;
; ..rent. $U>;>lei|E>°:.-a. flr?'trclass •'p'a.ylng'.place'ih:
¦ cThofcfst- location: -$.150 per. month. -clear gu«r-.-
; v asti^d.; ¦R...fi ;: ; vVILKE! 26*4' KeaffTy **-. •:.','
A^$12(<6:' : Cp.FFEE. -~--sa-looh -and' : bakefy ' in
•'-: >KcKv?ff •.•looatlch;..-rent- $S0; '-daily! . receipts-
¦ *t»ut. $7©; aVirobd'-buiiness", . but sickneys- of
;ftwjitfr : wmgf !«¦ him :tp-rellr*. Particular* -R-..-'
y/G. WILKE,; 2^' ICearny'- iL.>-..:- ,-: .' V .:~: : : ¦.."¦¦¦¦
A-^t$55p0 ; '.'. C-6RNER. ; cigar stand, close, to ;Mar-.
\ . X'*--*" 1 !? /StOEfeton. sts-. : Ten-t '$75.-; a splepdld
¦ ; Iboatlb.h anil, rare- 'business' chance." See- R.-"
. G- WIL^LE. .263i .Kearny-'st '..-"-.. '.;.'¦ .',.'<.
A:: : CX>th-noX--&'-'COv:.^"i.V; : .PVon'e;.'t?eBkh-'3<)50:--
, > -' ; i ,'Kddy. -.«»..'.- -Vr. : A;»rket,an'a;. Ptiw^ll'.,. -" v.
...Hea4Qu.arttrs-fm'Vsjrkli^a..9f_.*Bii.slnesa;.!cbatices.
¦'' Oyrrex .ahd-'thpp- houses':. '. .'<..'. :$*i50 ity $1000.
'". CSndy ->'rfd : Jeetreafli ¦ parjows .- : .-'. $200' to-$25OM i
•" .¦Bar.ber. : snop-.-:.; .>,:•.-:. I'. V. ,^:. .-:$r»W>; to If25<W I
- :C3*»r f«tini3s, ; -:".-. ; :, ;-V-. ;;.;., ;i;..-$35rt to- J2<)00 j
' '.. G.fbiceries- and" bars'. -. .'.-. V»V.-.. .- : . .$r»00.' tb..$.">00Q'-.
'- '¦. '• :Sa1od.p» 'i ." 4 v. . :-i'Vi .--^ ;.;•»..-. ". ".', ; . <3o6' to. $lf).i)Oy '
. ¦ li^.ta-ufatots-" , ; I .:¦ * i c :¦> i.-:-./:$350 -tb'$2«.0J>a
: . .vFrun' a-hd .v>g etab.le *tore«'.-.:-; '.> . -$300 to. ,*»1HOO:
./.. Prujr'-rtpr**-.";-; ;;.'..:¦; i-.^y, ,..'. '. ; ;-.f 2oV^>; to -.'.$tiOpO
-.. s'Peric.a.te**.eir;- .Eton!?: a.. i..-."...: i .; : .$250-'tpj : $4r>i>>
"j~. -IVtspi '-;ary>'(^.K>-"ayd's'^.;.V,i.-^"riS*^-'tb^i^Ew;.'
fAi.I^RST/c£x^-brrp^
-¦ .tu^s.">o*)unt,ers r And.;eh.o>*.ca?e; rpr.j ohly : »&Or-
"'; -^iirine*!?-: «lpeady *rt jb-llshed;; witfi 6 :.rbb.ms r !
...aJtiriJV-'.ljatJh;:; m^r.Tear^'.elegantiV.v- furnished- j
'.-'.; '¦^r^uj|;ho'ut;.^cV^¦rJ't*^tri|;^c*mirfe^e.'Jb¦^"^pusfy;,
¦;¦•.-'.• keVpJ'tiii. ' vl^/th'e';.best-:- .<jualltyV'';j)rice- -$1SOO;
- -\,CAMERf»N*"& ;CO.;-./*'.;Ed.dy.^.t."';;;' :/¦£: ... r. //:/
-. FGR.Mi'e- <i"r; t rao>^^^^usrtzininesv.Oh^prospie^t.; ¦
- i .V.;'oci^i"-iti-' 1 C*i:i-a**a2; ; fr ti'f .¦¦to'-ft&Xbrii'.triGa'.
¦: :.\,tcp\ J f r .t-y:".us<- cr b.u.5iri>Fs'." ('arrieron; -.3 : Bc5dy.'.-"-
¦'K<>R;-Ra.ip.-?:' w;e 11 : rotate? .candy, st-ore: alV «b;ttlp-
1 ¦-Vni^n*rf-or.-;nwk1r:"g: -own- c"a"nd'if!>': : ;eftabli?h.ed. S-
iaiearat'-'jtlMirt.-^aref $20J) .per 'tnohth r -Vti' 'ih*-'
I'-^.'v^i^apo^J^y;;- Ca^ET^..;3.^4y,-st;.:; .;
riFt^jsare^^BeTc?^^
- -<He;a-p- reflt'r .-r«<:e"ij>J's :$75'^ to-'- $iy0 .rdajr; -.••wrtil-
¦.•.¦•bea*':irtv«>t-1g:atiWn; price -$ 1500. '.CAMERQN-
.¦;-"&"/po-./.-.*v-J$ady^»t. . ; :- •'..-. : :r.' '.-.¦;';-¦>' ¦¦;¦¦•'-..-¦ .-' i"
, FOB-. Vaie..v"of" wHl .'trade- tpr. emalj -/rapch^Fine
; .•'.¦Jja-^^arfe-.iBLrid r.'e)ertftcai..-jEupp!y -'>to.f-«i '•'wf It.-
¦^¦.•locat^dj.v-Jiearfrig: S;.';*^ per: 'mcnt&;-tlr!»tt.cia*.s : (
•'. Vpreprei ,'c.n r v fit" : .rtakd-.W-rt<t.-inyestipatl.cn:: i -
!"n.» ("AilEHON &. CO.. 3. Eddy st,-
FC'iX it al r -^t u CirtC, Til f n iih,! ri K. 'ibd;: fancy ' gbpds'
:'-->i-j« Jp< >V:.-: thi-aj, ¦tt-tri: ':' wffl- ¦ l«V'a "tje"d> f slabi -
-; ¦ Mvhedvi^rvt ar>r- Tvjli. ijnyflfceV,$^OO0i; ¦ slckhe.sei
CAl'L'lK'X CO. ¦;.- . \: : " .-¦ -. •.:..:. :.:...¦
'¦-A-^^STEjiAjiVd ¦} f Iri r>. h'oiif e '¦; - it-^&j^Wr'pirl*.
i- •;.' -iva l«' '¦ t-ft- rr.- jr. : iirrp » fled- ¦ tin'- '-J:i..rinocr-r".'-'eT*Jsaiit-
¦¦.¦i. : pafgaiii:'i'»>.i-:tf K<i«tn-i->:- rn|j»t- ¦fee-'sM'd-iS.itbpa-
¦.¦-.l.®™m-y'; csjablisbftl; -20i ,vca-rsV:-' H.rpOXLE. -'
':-v : tw23.'.-.'M»i;»ct .fti; ¦*)*>¦!.: *: ":Siji-"tfi":-. ;?;. ;; \' •¦¦...':; ••'.;. -.'¦
ihlfiAn^t and . "i ri : 4 nn'licJiJfiiyiV-priefe :$275. " H« :
[h'VI.-: V:; MarV»; rr "-._. ' /V/V:.'; ---^ -V
¦isoiy :;i.n:'.-£sy. h!^
.-..-.atiyi-" .-.<sohimi*siib*> ' ¦liuAln'esn": .-clearing-; : tq : ->ac.n'-..
-V:$ii'5.-rrtonth'U"-: -.'fjc.p^rl^nce 'liQt -fcqOir^d •" mus'. f .-.
,. ' prV\-«> 'rB-rerfftces-;. tiona.-iT*e--V>ffer; " particulars.-
¦; at'. -jcreru ¦ Ma rket .;¦..-' ''. '"'; '^.•.'':-\ •
.$72*i^:'S-ALOCiN- /and:' cigar '"s^an'd: '..gpbdl'bjcatlnhV
"t'.'.V-fltfliejt 1 ' and-' : fixtures}-'. .tiVihg- •' robriis-. • .'EUOiDK-.-.
' : '.".;-BA-N.k; : ;fii7 : Market. ;st.-..^ v ;. '-.;*•.-'.:": ¦¦;¦¦'. ¦'¦¦. ¦".'.'
'•38^^^A i WW^..'-'..'4th\-.w'^'Jo>iilVnJ\^<'e : flxtnre.i.'
- iBiad; tfwfi:, ABROOKBAN;k; ;-ai ; 7,- -Ma.rkVt : irt.:-:
\<irt-AFP. : .tws;.-^
••>''>tRbTi^;:dpihK •.av.tlo'Uill>nlnir'>-bu«l.r>pj*C- % clf*rj : ag.
' .' • ; ¦ HINKX."E. Y. 1.02Q Market- st.-. .-
'"tXiJt : s*r«^r^*ficar-,rtnj-e; . -wit.h V'cJub'rpbjjjsi'-pen-.-
; : -:"tr<l1ry > .-I(}eat*d-:ori K'.- s't^-.SRrraijie'ntb j-.fjpfob-; .
¦.'•itsAfdNt^u-'.yiinf-'vAdfirefs-lO,-- K'.,'..*i0x"-.1»2;.-
.-•¦^aJr : rprrri^n.t«"' '-,.. • V/ .¦.{-"••— /:''.. '¦;-¦:¦ (-'¦ ¦¦'. .TV.'"'
: A..it?ENTJiEJtA5«' :TrUh .¦a : -'gen : e : ra.l^knqT^Ie l 3g«; of; .
V .^h.urfJie'es/./.haTs; ;jom« icajijtjal .- ; 'to'" ln"ve?t" : arid.
¦.•'..¦ : 'v^4.'li'if:-i'6-VBe"tL'inl'u'S'()me-'"Kood.'.bu*rne's's.'.-
•:T?C l .<'w :nven»e*-jin*-'IeSs«-"'-pr'-'
•.¦'¦ ktH+f.-iftn' taicon- 5n tir/wp.^rtng mlrring ".town- -
"• l : s : >'f:«"ea:'r : fSv(>; : a--.mo'n.tH; ..'W.'; -Tasrlbr'; .-S.ha'sta -.
:- : 4-Cvi\t^ ::^*}K-'.'.-; :: .-?y.yr..'\z'-' : '-'\- '.¦'¦' ..•'." ,.'
..Vi'X>:-TED=^A-."|}artnfr' 'yr\t% ', j»6m'e Vash'-"-ln'a-:
y. -w<1i;y«abUpft.^-T*rjrranfen.t.'.- paying.. bii^'n'ess; •
.-¦ "^th.:.a--:field.- : ,for,';'great';r''de'velppme"«t, ;: . Ad---
'¦..'¦' ; idr :^-'bbk" i <?S^'-rCa-lI-:«Iflc<f-." -Y'-[ r '• '•'¦'• .'"X^
; .\\"^XT"EDv-')t%'.nia\n'.''--tD.- gh:e."..hl»'-tlme- and a--
.--" vrm^-ll-. ampunt-.-£>f.-ta'sh'.fbr ~a' half > interest in a.'
"•'¦.bfeViMf-Vstha't-"!!!- riayi-ng a-' gooA- -prifitl . -Box •
; :' 43ftXCajl pjrflce;-r;.- -f-.;.- ;"/-;y?; -y. :¦.'¦'¦; \\ "•."-¦'.
i'r^i-'^IGAtr-STA'NT).? ',you .' caijriot . ttatrthi*'.
:.'¦ for^jBf-a'tlo.ft, .rent : "»nd',lrieprne.,- F.or .pa-rtltarr
-.•'Unr»il."Mi/.Jk"-qlsr^-- : M:>..c^rn»»r.'Nlr[tli. • •'"• • ? •• ;
•"A''"C^in"rfi»S'l.n"«r'-n«*r!r'.'8Jtabie:.iWveBtiiratioh -in--
. .' -7\-Ctcd.- Iriqij'iT?. *-Tuandgr4Q r V V.iria;.Mill Valliy,
-,"'>l»riii.'-.Counf>.":; CaI'-'- 1 ' ' •"•''..¦>!'.•.¦. ; - '-.¦•'• -"0- '-.'•
.RESTAURANT afld : : delicateVsen." sfp'te." •? ll-V--
." -:ln'«.-tfJom's.:-yanl;-.retit""42U; l»aSe.>clear!i.$150;
"-." thekp .-' IT-, cdid*' fay f April:. 15.: .; 2.831 : VMHis}on .it.--
WAJ>fTED^-^To -.bur •-. a •" '.. "generaV ;rne'rchandi"«.e ..
'•' ." tier* .in 5bm.e-sn3all. town- in 'California: .Box-
¦ 4Wrv ' Ca-ll efflrc..: :-. : ¦ ' •.;.".>. : "... ¦¦"_:''• ; ' ;•; r;
•A STEADY- young. jnan-'wjtH: Tsftralli. i-apItaA'.can
." -"fchlain .interest In -a" well-paylrnf-bufiftess at"
* /inc*.. .4J4 ".Post. Call bet." 8- and 10 -a. -nv . '
," AN3*IQV ATU A N MT ru'ashlngttm; '
'-.—entire -stock 'for sale, a? a w;hole or in part,-
.-. 'at a 'eaerificej premises be -vacated at once."
' FDR- 8«ile—^A grocery store' at Invoice: on Ot-
. vlsaafrp et.. .Iri a good location; low. rent. '
...pox 4i6«. Call office.' ', . ' ¦ •
CTGA"R stand -in- Oakland; toorf location for-
' -bu'sin^Ks:' good, cleait and fresh stack. '-.'Box'
; ; 4469. Call, office. • '. .... . "•'"
!'$©» — COFFEE house; rent $5' per' months one
;" chance In 'lifetime. 732*r4 Montgomery .Ft- "
A GOOD paying livery stable; Investigation in-
. vlfed Inquire Landgraffs Villa, Mill Valley.
FOR. sale — The Perfume Palace, 775 Market st.
SALOON, paying $400 monthly: cheap if sold
. at nnce. Box 4244. Oaklao'd office. Call.
A FIRST-CLAET3 downtown raloon for sale.
Address box 4243, Calj office. .
FOR sale — Oakland planing mill; good loc*-
' tion. 752 Franklin tt.. Oakland. "
I FOR nale-^Half interest In wood, coal, haj"
1 and grain business; bargain. Box 4212, Call.
i WANTED— A grocery and bar; atate locality.' •'
*• *tc. Box 45S9. Call office. . . ,
ADVERTISEMENTS, "subscriptions received at i
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRAXCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
. r*pened at IOCS Market at_. opposite Fifth.
1 * Open until 11 .p. m .
H1JSI\ESS CHAXCnsi-^onJInoed. '
¦A— ~.'. STRANGERS'.
Are. .you looking-for a safe and profitable'
, bus'inetB Cloning li} San 1?ranci*oCo? If. bo,
we can <aft-r you 1 any number requiring »n
investment irom $*,<>»> to $W>. 000; every "busi-
ness opportunity xiinZ ¦ passes th»>ugh our
office must Ftriiid the clowsjt . investigation,
an«l.->re i*m [ilacc" you ill a-stcre, factory,
hotcf. nilil; of flee. -or. In fart, any business.
. you may pref* r. -Kindly' rail* and investigate.
(JKKMAMA INVEST. CO.. 'J27 Market »t.
A^- • " VrRcilAXTS. r ATTKXTl6x! .
Do. you" det-irc to enlarge your ba»lrtejst> or c*,o
you d«sire additional capital? ir.tg, v?<: »;^i
l-jrnls-h you with an active or «'lV-r.t j>art]for.
nho ivili Invest from fJH'O t"o $".0.O0«: we
'have a large number of tipriralde Rpp)lcanta
on our books "se/?lclntr g«Xnl busliiets openings.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. ¦ !)?7. Markot st.
A^ • «10u REWARD ; .
Will bt paid for- legal proof showing that
.Any person ever l'os-t a dollar who; tavx&tedl
«ny money throi^h our coriipany.
- <;f.rmania investment , company,
Ino-rporated under th> laws of California.
Capital Stock.. $50. 000. • ".
.927 ijarket st... rooms .321. 322; S23, 324. "
A GOOD OPENING. • .-'
For a; young' man. who 'can' invest $500 in -a
high-class real "estate office and' -fill "po&l- 1
tion.of cashier"; experience 'not necessary; in.
vestment Etcured-.anJ $20 wetkly guaranteed..
.GERMANIA INVEST. CO. t 927" "Market. »t:
.. • ' : HO'/iL FOiT~SALE.~"~ \ :
N>w.-and modern; t>0 rooms; richly-' furnished;
•comple.te.and ready for ."occupancy; large din-,
j ' ¦ -inr-rodm with 10" tables and imported Vienna,
chair's;- the . best carpets money can- "buy
throughout; finest linen; best sitver service;
¦ ' 10 yeare" lea&e: priced |10,'000; easy terras.
-GERMANIA ¦ IXVEST: CO.. 027 -Market »t'.-
A .SAFE- :iN VESTMENT. .' '• ' "•'.
51000 cash and service secure interest" and o'f-.-
flee o^ treasurer in an incorpovated'r.ealty and"
investment company; -$150 monthly a^surevJ;
highest references ¦given a.nd "required.. 1 . '•
' GERMANIA INVENT. CO.." 927 Market ,«t."
A."- . " 2 PER CENT. MONTH LY..--' .-" '• ' ¦
¦On investments -pf $100 and upward;, no :-fget-
"r/ch-qulck" swindle. «r'gam"bli«g scheme, but
'a repatable T.usine&s .estab. 3 years in--"S.. F.
" GKRMAN'IA INVEST. ,CCh...lt2J -Marker »f.'-
THE BF.ST~INVESTilE.XT;' ; ";•
.1P0- shares or golil stock o'f tlw: Kortbri • Bay.
• Co.: $2.1: will; be worth ; -$2(K) by Augu.sf. VK>4;
. •" GEJtMANl A INY.EST. CQ.,' • 027 -j^arket .st. .
A—- TAILORING ".AND." HABE-RDASHISRY,..- "
-.A •flrst-;clat=. i r. tailor ¦• or 'gentlema-n famillalr
.. . with gents', .furnishing- '¦goods .oaft . s^tqre -a.'
.'-. paitnersKip Jn &je* of . the. Jea'dVng store's in
.San Francisco; about $50C0 ca'sh-Tequlfed". .'
GRRMANIA-: IXVTSS.T. CO.;'. 02-7-.Mar)t'et at..;
i*A.r-.BARl?"ETi SHOP' .' ' .. -"'"... '" • ¦:.-
!". .For "sale; "J-chalr'^hotv; centrally located-and;
f-.-^ood; establl^lied .--tratle; -sic1crie?s-"flf owner-
I -'compels paevifice ;ef...'rmnie(Ha"*,^ s»al«»- .;. .
". "GKRMANI.V-'INV.n'ST.' e"O., : 927'!:Mai-ket' rt;.
. A-^LIVF-RWBl'SIXirSS.: '.- ; '••':" :¦ ." "• :•• •-••'.
" Wfintid^ man.with .'$4000 cash to take" rhtefest'
' In stabJe-fstatiiiEhocr 10 y.eartj. $200 "monthly:'.
. GE-RMAXI.A- lNVEST.'"Cbs, ; '027-.Markef,qt-. ;
¦ ,- • -. " .:; BusiWEfiS; PERSONAiis. '•'¦- '..¦}•"..•' ¦¦-¦•
RbY •ROD'A'Ar^-C'ome 'get^ypur": goods ep- we
will- .sje.ll '.them- at. public • *sa]e -.a-fter' : April-
15.M8P4.- -MRS. • CARTER,. Oakland. .- - - .- . '
• ;. LOPGIXG- I!Oi;SES !--. : :*P"Q.B. -SALB. ." ; '
: A.1 CAilERON^ it CO 1 . : : ' '.• Phbhe Sou"th-,:ltt5ft. :
. ; . : - ¦¦' ¦;3/Eauy'st,;-:cbr;-Markrt'- and-.'Po>yeir..-.- ".. ;
- Headquarters- - for ¦ rooming -hpii?e»,. * hotels" :and
;*• • •".•¦.• aH kirtdsof '.-business '.cliances. . '. »'?.";
"••¦iOS. "rdorns: •.cheap rent;?. -new a"ha 'elegantly:-
f.urhhshed.:'- '.up.-.toraat>' - r'oom.irig-hpuF? :' 3ias-. fine
ba'r:.'can:bc rtirr in. conjunction- if ! desired;, rare"
"chance', fbr-'riglit fia'rtlfa;-- part , cash, -balance.'
.can. t>«; paid out. of: hpus'e? ot-h^r lrrieri-
. ests .<femahd-."lrninediate- departure; ¦' .-. ;.-;»; .-¦',.¦
¦ ".-.126. rooms;. t-*nt.'dnly:".$ : 4'per--.rop'rn; -new. and'.
'li'p-to-:daie-'hQU9e; -"all .'men.; '•electflCr'e.lfi.vatQr.-
• liphts':.-.:.long- Jease;.. .clears.: ..$400. to..$5«<J -per '
¦ nro.nthr'One^ o.f the .b«'st -b'u\;s iii'the city".-. :, , ' '
•JJS» robriw: : rVn'.t. only J$10V); -w'eH iurnisried^ 1U--
•t>8 apar.tment-hpus«r Ti aqced' to;.$l;l,00.; ; - .V:;-; - - -,' .."
v:-: £(> rocjms^"- cfie'aif .rijil;/ close' I'lh ; . thbrpaghlyi':
''-resp^c.ta*»le.;.-^H. :^ulif;''.clc'AT9;$ipQ;''paiA<.iS)^*i^? .-.- ¦¦¦
•'¦V-SbVobnisi " renV r p:Uy '-$150: : .<*k7:.and' "cherry.
• itizw -"iirtd- -up-to-date' apar'thi.eht-
-hou5»-;-Jji.xurip.vt!ly;furTiifhfJI:.'5-y;e.ir jcon^racti;
j;or.rh»idp-.flghtiT\g;' -gra-n'd.' hew:'bu'4ld1ng" r ". clear- ¦
LuQr --tlOO'-lo ..JCOO^per rnpnth;- obliged- toMeive.
;-city,-" _'.. '¦,¦':;>::•.-¦ .:••:.;• ',;'*.:, .";^. : ;:- v '>;...''-;' ; -'-:
.-¦ .* /"l 1 .•¦'roQmsi' : r«?nt $i'0; rcib.sjf . : }n-:'.'oa;iiy chefry'-f utr:
hlture; .•'¦Brufi.fflK- :.c.arpew : .-¦ pi.ears • $55 over .-All'
.<S^ns.es; ; $_40n' £"a^^
'¦ X4<)-iro&rHs;"..rept' -briiy "SCSii'yrJPir -1ocati;d_-*hpj"«'ll
Vsputh ;bf. '^Iarket;.'J*iaV'bar; -ivell 'rtrtcked;'- brick-
l-bTliiaihg.>.>iectrto-.}'ie-ht9i-->'y>rVt.Ki?j'B g-ood 'jjoh-
¦ dtt'ipn ;-.-'pari.".c9Th ; . : Kak. : nce; ilrrre.^- pri.eK . $2JiCrO;^.
•wijj-.excliarige -.this.i-wtth-; good 1 real; es.tate'.-fpr '
". largt-.dpwjitowh.-.hout'e." v ' . .• '.'/¦.'•'¦/. -,' •: •' ':•. . ' '
"',. S-rporri V«jp.P*r.-fiat:". .corner'; ¦an : *unhy"rooms';"-
.beautiful.' l.Utle.'gerh of a;-holrieV- prid'? 'if SO.-' ¦ '.¦ '• ¦ . •
;:-;.M6 i:oo1rns-;;.ftn"» ..dow'n.town'. < cDrne"r..heuse:; pr'ij-
v«te'.-.l.*ths.;-.t»eauXIfirf : furniture.; /'? entrAhces";
'take's; in' '$30 .-.to'-. $'40 -p^f .tja'j* ,^trarisien-t,. besides
'-'reg^'i.rA : .rpx^«r([X.'i*wjbe^'^ycj^U^*tt|flDDiV .i. '"
: •¦¦; -;-.2l. "rpcina; Scbr>fej;r.''x^t". priTy.-$"83f>. i'oak- fur.i'
¦good: ¦(¦arr* r t?t hoii-spkcrJiiniK ; : all'- fu,li;"fCleartn.g
L .57O Jover - ail -. expenies;- ..-4 : '. iobnis -landlady ";¦'
iprtVe >tC<?P,--. •¦• "v:-- :;.; i ¦¦='.'- vj? .C}'%:~-/:"^-: ; - '.'•' ¦ '¦ : i.'
; : . .'TXT foprri* ;" .newj; rn'oii.ern Apartinerit.-n.bus^ } •i'ffr/
¦ "year -rlsai.e i c'h.eapi . Te.hit':. 1 : Jcl*arrhg !|250 ;Xd ;$300.; •
- very "icrnvral 7 fl jsi'-tlasi' p.rof.psljlQn; • '. ¦.' " i" V '.¦ • .'
•'• ;7i '-rp6inci.*-e.leieaht;-'.ti«w, '-'roodern- touiltftriB:' in-'
'"on«5-"-(K '^h?. /'"/''¦st <iJ^4;.J^-''Soutt•r^^Ca4lfoTnXa5¦^
-, electric ; ;liKht«: hoy and.\c.Ql.d J»i-ater;:eyqr-yt-hlng
¦up to date.j :»»-year -lea'^.i- r*nl ..rnly..$200?' cle'ar-.
-.ing *25()' w> .$3.00; ;per motith-';. owner-'.sfck/ab'ed.' '
•¦ : 23-". spool's;.'- .well' .furfi^hed-;' -.first-class -'trah.-,
Blent-.h<itihe; 2- blocks -off- Market-; .S-y'ear'. l?a<se ";¦
•clearing- ovey '$ieOj- goo<i'- b\iy f or! s6me bne^". . : ".
.- '¦¦ 31-rbprnsr. ren't. $110;' fill "light ! rcM)m's;'"€le'ar.".
.¦.Ipg.'ovf'r- $100 -pep. roe.'; .-reg-uj.ar-.sha;p.:-pnlj- $800 '
.to get- in;: rn'.uat leave city T -at p'hciB; : . prJce.-$}30<j.;
.'.J28; rpbni*:-' cheaD . re'o't V long, lease:; ' flrsi-!
¦..e'lafs •'u'p-tb-dat«-..dQjrntown.. "hotel;. rwtJVfitiir*
-iUshed ;-'.cleajj.r«" $500-. to 5600. per. month ;-. must'
efll-oh.- acccun't.-crr.-othe'p.buelnees'i-bnly-wlth jus.
•"' ff~rpo'm-. : newj "modern flati -4.m6nths; eregant-
. iy IurnJghe'<".;--.oo8l over. -.$1800; .a- hargajnfslck-.
•ns-sr .\- > : ' .'..''•"•:.-'.••¦¦•. -.•.¦'.¦-'¦¦ !.-'¦ ".;.••" .'i'--"- ••
-..69 ¦f6ofns.:-.elpgajitly fUTn^^hcd-.'-flne .lbpation";'-
,-elosj? lajf.new and. mtfdern.throuKlVpu't'; fun. and .
; clearing. $2PP'-tb- §35'0 : per"mcrnt l hi:;mu8t. be; -sbl*'
•to "settbe irr*' estate:;- on \y faop"of--rriortgag.e. nbv"
••oa-'.ft.'askfe.d';-chahce'pf-.a llfjetlnle,.':; ¦ _• •-.: ..
"; pe-!rSonis:'cart 6fftjc>s.- .eleganf' nef? bVildirig'
•arid^uTniture 1 ;'. 3ilgh-cla'ss ."'locailonfj- ;5>fa'atlful-'
•••liills;." -everJ-.tRing .. mWdern; £ ffrst-class.'grfU". in.
'. connection:; ' best ; prcposl'tlqn '.iri .'cUy ;'•' called-
: Ea-si.-.; : ;- • .' .•'••;.••..*.-•••••'.•-••;.; .'•¦;" : -'-.. : '> .: v ; !•¦;•-.
" '.ii .Eooms;.:. rent;. $1:45;;;. new. and "elegantly'. fur-
•'n-Ished ;\ "oak and".- in.ahog.any,-" OrJe : prepoeltio.n';
..¦goba-'l'psei.^ •:" •".-;¦ ;.'/ : •."•.-..'•.. ¦¦¦,'¦¦' '¦•".-..•. '.'•
''¦ •'¦'17 ¦fbbm.s:"»e'nt''only.'$70; oak- furniture; jVx'-~
¦rn^ri«'ter-"cfVpe.ts;'..fliie:..r<jcat"ion*. •etea.rs$SOi..flrre...
'•ijpy^ .'¦ /:¦;;:'. :'¦"¦¦; •¦;.;.'"." '-:•.' :;." :'-.';' '¦ :: . , : ."'"i\.*' '¦
"•'S- rooms r fine •upper -naf.":r.e*nt'.'ohiy $30f. catr-
'be"-ha"d . by- ¦pay-t.ng' $150. 'down., -balan'ee- time'; '
= $i'5O/. : "•:'¦:•.-. :. •:•-¦."•• ; ''.•'•• '• '."' ••• :" •'*.','
\'-XG2: rpoms;'.nv3si' elegantly. appoliiied dpart'-'
¦ men! iibus? fn .-SAn'-'FrarfclXdo:' bea'.utlful, inod-'
"ern".-b'iiiWing;--fl'rie"-<:ntrance; -cheap rent; cl*ar-*
ing. '$400 'per .morith:,'5-j>ar" leas"e;.paft cash",'
.8 *per..cent pef'.year. •.¦.'.•;.. '¦'."'•. .
!-"Vs -.rooms j:rent> $85": well .furnished jan. new r
'¦'$fio*.db'wp, balance-.l^-per tehf; .Rne buy; only
31250:.. ).. ,. ••"..;•:••.'•••.. ..'¦•• "¦-.¦ .,.; - "¦'., ;*-
• ' -26 rent- 6nly--$60":'.-north -Market}' "all .
fufU clears .$100- per month-V price $1800; will
'exchange for- small. -chlckea ra.nc_h.. ' ;.. '• .-
"' 106 room?:, new; most .ele'kantYy appointed
-family htt el in city: all fuU and'clearing $400
"to $600 per month; books open for" inspection;'
obliged' to leave ctty.. "• . ; . .
• . "TooVh flal;- rent" $40:- oak furjilture;" good.
H:arp»-ts;. sickness; price $S50. .."¦ » . . ".
'v 72' rooms: rent $400': elegant new building;
swell family hotel; . beautiful " vfurnfshings;
clearing '$000 per month; e.very . room full; will-
stand- the strictest . investigation-; location un-
EUipasftd. ¦•'¦ • • ' • ¦•/•'/;¦ :
190 roc'msV- new and elegantly apjjointe'd
ai'-artrnwit-house; swell- locatfon.- long leane;
cheap- rent; part- cash, .balance made out "of •
house Without Interest/ • . ,,*,-.- '
10 rooms; Ellis; newly furniEhed; rent $40;
apartrr.ents; $200 down, balance $20 per month,
no • interest; must be 'sold, on account other'
business; price $725. ¦' ¦' ¦ V v , : ,
MITCHELL & •CO... *...."... Phone Jessie 20S1
1206 Market st., opposite Sixth.
16 rooms; . neat, sunny,' two-floor house; K rent
$40: sell or exchange; price $U5O. r
GS rmi.; downtown house; steady; transient;
clearing $350 monthly; handsomely furnished.
2ti rms.; choice corner roomlng-house;'.unex-
c'elled for transient as well as 'eteady roomers.
25 rooms: well-appointed houyekeeping suites-
landlady must-sell: make offer. . ¦
MITCHELL & CO.. 12C>6 Market st. '
PRICE -J3000: 42 rooms, newly furnished : . cen-
tral- location; one of the" best money making
businesses In the city; "3 years' lease.- • H
DOYLE, 1C23 Market st. , '
A WEEK'S vws for 5 cents^-The Weekly Call.
• 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing,* $1 per year. ¦
cauti^iv ni:vTi.\« axi> cLigANixVtJ
WHKX you bucon-.e ' dlsjusted wlt£i your v.orK
•>•«<! for SPAl'LJJISGTj Pioneer ' Carpet-beat -
J tv.:; Work?. .SK-itZl 'Yebams* si- ¦ ttrl. s'mith 40.
\VK:;'l'i:£{.\ Carp«t crifac!:^: 'Wtrk?: IS'.'.) Har-
rif-crr st.: Al. c.'«anlng; :ie. Tel. Mission 22.">.
ce.'vKj-I.V'S f-uiserlor CarTWt-beating Works,
..">.::: Oolclrn Gatt> svc.; tP!5phon«>.Ka."t 328-
KOVKE KItOS. : PXceUc-nt carjx-t teatJng; mat-
t!Vs.?^%,-»0 l V* ovtr. ;14J2 HowartlltfL South 21t).-
ADVA'i'CK <>n*t cieanlrii C".. 402 *>.!tter at.;
tf-i. 5".s.ti.;^4..GEvV. WAI/COM & CO., Props.
IU;r<CM > H T £ CO., -ar?ft-l.P2tin?\rpr!:>: rrires
- f-jL./T^Mc 1701 IT.^rri.«r.Ti ft.: trl.7-Iis.sior: 2Ha.
• ' * . -DKNTISTS.* . ." .
lilt. LUDIX-M HILL. 14«.Mnrkot. nr Eleventh
• — No charjrp for extrsctin?: wh»n plates are
, Hindi; old li'ates .made over like liew: teeth
froirr«$S p<>r *et;. extracting 50c: gas given,
A .NHW plaj»- — Tho Whalobon" — cennot break;
* warranted »<• yrs; ciown. f 3 TiO:- fillings. 50c:
I-lavs, $5;; full ret; all work painless and
werrantr'i. Chicago rental Parlors. 24 Sixth.'.
Pnriv T'ental Parlor?, 235' Kearny, cor. BuFh^—
Set teeth, $1 fjO up; crowne. ?2 up; fl!lings,23c
ARTHUR CHIFJlbCM'7surgeon"dentlst.r.l4.1st
floc'r. Piwlan'bld.". M)R Market,. cor. O'FarrelL"
DR.. H~C!7' : TOUNG— Bridges" and. teeth with-t
- .f>uX plate«;«p»Mi>lty.' .; lg4ljPolk.it.- ' . ' ;
. GO1;B .fUilnflrs"'7nc:-ellver," 35r: crown*. -$2; no"
'tmi-ru C-pen Kuridayi. DriO.I?.Hewltt.2»t Sutter.-
intKfi.'iMAKKKS A>i> JSKAMSTHlESSES
Accordion;; sunburst and knife-plaiting; double'
erarftps "on dreis linings. £tew»rt'» button and '
•"Ui/Uonlyole" factory, -110 Taylor; teK'.Folsom 2121;'
McDOWEliL'iWvimakiiig &'MUllnery School—.
- Pa-MVrna cut tc» measure ;.eT,e % class. JMO.Mkt.
SXYMSil skirt? 41;" 'poper hats'to- oVder $!?•
.' children's, clothes a specktlt^ 514 Minna -st.'.
•'• •¦ : •¦;."¦• iSi.»UCATipXAJ«: .. . '" •'•-,* ";
AT- fcijt'n* in -our 'ni;w;quarlers.- tVi?- l'argefet. best
.-.liK'htf-d'-ar\d mqst delightful' i»-'- ie'. of business
. Au>ly- in tke .entfre West- •-• .>V. • cbrnplefe, .
¦ exte'r»fc1\'e • depSrlm*nts.. : TJidfough, Mnspirfng
• i'n'stru'ctlbh. -.. 15-page- catalogue on *. r.ecjueat.
"CALIFORNIA. BUSi'XES£ COLLEGE. 001- :
.--*92&- Uo.lJfn Ga'te aVeV ' '" '• • ' . /¦ J .*.
'Tllp' Lyteuuj; 'ari accV.<dlted. preparatory school-:
. .."for-.thp •uhivtrrsHyi'-. law 'and 'medical colleges;
. ref. President Jprdkrf.; or any Stanford, profed- '
. 'so'fi'da-y ariii.^vonlrg. a.PKs.lon?5, • Phelan bldg.
AYRES.' the. leading •DU.slness .college,' 72S Ma'r"- 1 -
..-ket st. ;.estabU?r,ed 18-j«ars> the school tfcat
' .' Becur.f.^.t)ds.itron's for graduates'. Just- added 25' '
•' new'- type*rHer*'; c.atajegue .f te«. • • ' '"*'.;
HEA^Lb'S •BJjSE?ESS,c6lLE(Je7'2* POST. S. '
= '-F..-!-rrBbokke.«?'piajff. ' EtiortHan'd-, touch -.fcyplrig. ¦
..language*,-' trirg-ranhy; K'n*rlish. bjanches.; day
-. ; and' n-lyht sessions: Hrusti-^tec}. "ca.talcfgu^ 'ftec.
.A..'L.ARG;ER'.land. better' «fcht)ol:than ever;' fnter
. .'at'-brip«'iiF'.yojj deElre'.st"gt>bd pbtltlen:. Gregg ¦
"• '-ehbr'tHand! .JJllis'.boolcHeep'i'Hi;. • S. '.'F^ : BUslneai
' '¦ College.' '123*/;.-Markjet ¦»ty\ : ¦;/••.. ;' '. ' y •'";'. ; :¦ .
E.NGIiS'EL 1 RlX"G~ : .C'lvil,..'. .e.lec.irirn.;. mech...Wur- •
• ••V.ey t .'assa"y;"cyahide:-:da-y,' ; ey.;*ejrt: 186*.. Van'
;. ;" der ya-illen. School. 113 F^iltpp; nh: City -HaU.
' ioc-I AL. .dancf-s Wed, '. '¦ Thufs/,. 'S^i.' And r Sun'.:-
.-¦':Classes Monday's.- Fridays- •'• ifOul"raV.F(3*ier'.-s '
V-. School' gf Dancing,'. l.Wfl'Marke't.-'nr.' LaVkln.'
! ATTEN'p..G.a.llaglier-M*r>*i- Busin.e.e» College. on '
. .»ffl'cial-.coi}rt : rep<5rters'an'd-b'e"'«om-.
..' -p«tgnt- B-tenpgrapherg. .\llt<2'.Ma'rket| catalogf.-
.'WESTERN -BusMness- Colli>ge;Odd Fe41o,ws # '. i.M. ; -
' '. *jookkeepjng, shorthand.' touch ';typVng, artth.;-'
¦ type 1. ting, -wr.ltlnjt,.' etp.'i day. ;eve.;-; $4'rnd:.'-eve.-'
•HEaLD'S -.Schocl oi'MinesAElectrlCity-, 24 ."Post
...';tt.'."S.-.-F.;-.'a ¦praefl<T»K"E'chbol--oC'«i.ipi'neerlng;'.
' corpplgte"^ eqli I pmeri.t.-- ; Special • catalogue " ; -f ree\ ".
.'HlN'iI-AN"?'-Apademy, a- -'.thdrough • schovjl'- of '.
; :danc|rig.;. ; establish»>d 20 '.years.- . 1412 "PQlk;->t, '
¦'. bet.'- .Pine .and; £ij[l|rp'cn'a' -elapses -npw' "op*n. :
¦•SHORTH"AND. taug|ht- by 'mail. ••' '(^KVnijES F."
' ¦WHrTTON',.-dif\clal- reporter. '-437 -'Hawthorne-
:¦.- av.e.j.'paklatid'- '. ¦-.?;.-; %''¦¦¦¦¦: ' ' : , "• "~ ¦• ' -'•: •
.-RraGticaf • and- prbjr.es.MVe" -m'etli- -.
¦V.od: RAFAEL .S.ERJtAN'Q.'j'Sap -.Calif ornla,..r;-*.:.
¦ BANJO.-.'j-Tnandoiin-.'- a-rfi '.'puttiar: - '. thqrpu^hiy '-.
¦ ;taugh - t:-o'rche.3tra- p"rac.t!cfe;-. : 402" Geary • st. .' > '. •
GUITAR, jnand.oltn" -and- ¦•.piaVb; -. $3" .'iJeV\rh'6.i- •
¦.-.'. mandolin -x;}ub.$i.p.eir.-mo. ' "825C Hai'ght si.-.--. .
: . ECliOOI^ OF lI>LIJSf RATlON^-^-^riay -.aild.
: PA RTiXGTOX -S, 424J Pipe' .stlV-yriglrf fclggs.'-
' .EIANO -lessons, "23c' half, •hojrr, '.MRS.- PECK,
¦' experienced <«ijcher.- ISiq Mission,: nr". Sixth. -.
SP.AXISH,French',etc. Prpf.DeFiHpp'e's'Academy '.
,'.-. of. language-.32O •Po<t;cit.ab;t:i87t.;ablest--pmfg.^ :
•'. :';...; ; ; ' E3«i'p'tpy-3iK>i':- : o^FiiCEs. ..:-•: 7 •":
. <SEORGir'AbKi;.. 42i".'P0Bt. 4 su;'Uefe - itiilt'li5-^;
; "Jajiar.esfe-Citneie. '. emplpypient'--' oyfite; tu'r,-',-
'.-.'' hlshW -'best he^R.; 'contracts 'for, farm "help', -"eta-:
. A^ORPHEtlM : Enip'loy.m«it j Of flce>T-Japiines'e'- '
-." ghlii-ese: he.;p:"4'2q' PjjyiQi '4t..' Tel.. 5752.' .
•SCAN.ci N Ay I AN* Ftrrial.»" Em,ployrhV.nf . Bureau; '
" ;.504-;Kfearny/.st.\>r : pom 3; phone -Blaqk f458..;-_.
' FRITZ'S •¦•Emp:";-- Office:!- JaV.anese " an4 1 Criiriess'
-•'jht'T).-;'. -fl5; Stockton; ?£¦• -.T<l..; : Gra;nt : 16l '• ¦
RELIABLE ¦Jap'ariesie T : ChJrieso.'Em'pl'o}!m<iit .Ofi
;-yfiofe;;.aU k'ift'af- h^pV '31 5 ..StoclU'on.:.; Main .-iisa.'.'
.CI-riNfefe.li-an^i- '^apajxe-'set- htjlp.:-esta.b. : 20. yiarfl." .
v irTfi., >rajtt 4!lg7 % : : BR ADPp'y .;&.CO:..>-'C^0' Clay./
:.S'1 i VRSk : .!.wh^'.'hos't?itai:. tVaini^jf ¦ woTlTjn
- :.-.-.irfstitu-tTfino'r u f-an>iJyj-bc'st)'eferehees: '^surse;..
'V : -"r: V'-'.'^. '¦¦'¦' ;•.*-.••'•>••
RBFJXEi); lafly... Wisttes' position" us ' e'cimiJanlp'n"
..-.. or. "ho 1 Us"eke^per;."'alHa: pUu's. :the.-'pi&.npi." -,A<i-
:. '..drees .A',;. 'Call.'.p.ffitB;- San. Jose;'- •¦; : .V- :'•'-,. .-.;.'
COMP-ETEXT' wum'itj: Wishes- .fkuatiori- to "do:'
.'i'c'en'-'rflt ¦hposeworTt...... AQ"dress : Boa' *ll,''.'ioDS
-,_^Jariket st. ;•;•¦¦; .¦¦.•••'.;..;•• '.'^ *--7 ;¦•¦'¦¦'•••.• ." >. 1 ."¦ ' ,.
' (>EltifA..N.v-^lrl;- wishes ; .fjosltlo'n:" to -jdb seconJ"-'
;..; worl<;'wa^es.\$2i: : Can.Sij-S'Ee'venteeTitb stV.
¦•.-.near". Folscfn.'----;.'..--/-."--., •'..- •--.-¦ '.¦'¦... .¦'.' : ;¦. ,' : -
•' PO'S'I-TI©N •' as ' .hoii ? e'Ke.eper ;¦ '-.goioii .- cq«k ; :. best -
.-". references'. -.- Address 5.T4. Eddy'^.t..'-.- '".•.'. •'.'•'
>'A- GEilMAN'worniiri'-Van-ts'worfc' house clejin*"
-.Ing. and) washing": '. aiO JKillinore st' -. •"; ' •;.-;'. • '
; WANTEp.^PostUoh as-' cfcsb girl.'. 11 -fea'dy'.' st!.
¦VVANTED^By 'a^thorf^is'niy Vftilfed- and •scion*
'•/ 'title 'ma's'seuse'.': graduate'-' in ."Dr. . S./ \S'eir.-,
. '.Mitch>U"s'- Xietbod.- 1 :-. rjosUlbn .In .sanatorium".
" :or,.as'..n«rsc-a'nd .maFseuse'-to 'an'lrtvalld'; one.''.
;• ••¦ unjfxc-eJlcd '-irj soralns'. .fraoru'res-'-'a'nd dlslo-.
'.- :ca.t'ions. ¦¦ • Box- 420^; -Ca-Jl Sf flee.' ; ' '.. ': • .". • ;
• .!yy;AN:TE'l3-v-A;'plac"o as -ch}ld"s nur?c'- ; bjr'w.ortiah"
.."•.ivho ts. willing: .wear, caj) and- aprons able 'to-
•• teach' .•the ; ..."latest.Xtndfr'g'ai > teri m.e.t"hods, .pr6-
: .-'.ylded •riot'-too'rliany.for • my" ability : .-.refer-'
'. ¦ yafgpjg* nogilna.l-.'--Boxr.-..42ftl'; ; Call-t)f flee. "
.BOSITJlON'- : bj: : ."a; m'lddle'agea "woman- -tojr g'en-
' .*rai-. housework; city or. ep^intry';- rio' Ros'fala.
• ¦.^2i;'Jes6|e.-«t.: -. = -.': ¦; \- ./• ':•'.•; V. v," ¦'"
,' A '. WOM A'X /.Woula -.1'ik.e" .washing." : Ironing, '.or
•' •'• cKanlng- to do'-'by' the'- day. . C"all for .'-ijiRS;-
; ;;-BAKgR. 95?i .-Mission at'.' .:-;.• '.' .'.¦'.''>.*.- '.- ..."¦".
I WANT'ED'-^Poslt'loh'; rijWin'try;- .no. " objects •' Bobd.
.'. i 'plain' cepk'i.-sm'al.l: family.". "478 : Jessie •si-.l'near-
•:>sKK<hV-;,.' ;.->. ; ;;- : ¦;.>,.•':/•¦• ''.-- I'V:--'"^'" ."¦•.•
°l>AD;Y'g(iing to- Denver.' or.- thereabouts' .would"
• *tlk'e'.'t-e..lVclo -invalid- .of' lady.'.w"ltfr children-
* in phyment Qf. hfer'fare; Gall JT63'jHarl4et'.st.--
EXPERIENCE©. .-Infants- - : hu>"se*;. 'references';'
.. : $.30..-; '"Box ' 4-213. TTajl ;bf ficej ...'.." "."• "-• •'¦: '.
:WAXTED-^70ai'*w*ork.by good ! stcong .woman.
• .'Can .-Ma-? 'Market St. .'. ;..; . . ' ' •'• ? ..-. '
.TtJIRST-CKASS: launarejs wants -work by -'the
.-day-, washing. Ironing a'hd'..housecleanlng; $.1
••per day nnd carfare. . •A'adress. ' •Laundress,'
.. .1906A. Mission sf:.- Wed.,- Thurs'.-;& Friday.-
.A..YOUXG"North Germa-n girl' wishes -a slt-
• * uatioR-as'a- nursery' governess.'-.: Address 031
•¦•York. st/ '• ' ' .".',:¦. ' . .- '
-.' YOUNG 'lady stenographer, .with knowledge' of
I bookkeeping, drslres a position -as office as-
s ¦ Klstant. -Box 41S8. Call office. ' . ,.
A FINLANDER girl .desires position as a plain
cook" or at housework. ; Call a.t 220' Clara et.
ADVERTISEMENTS.' subscriptions received at
¦ Call branch office, cof. Duncan & Church sts. y.
WANT, ads', and subscriptions taken -for The
' Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
' EMPLOYMEXT AVA XTED— MALE.
CARETAKERS — Man and wife (man employed
du.ring day) wish place as carotaken*; highly
. recommended. Address Caretakers, box 422S.;
.Call office. ' • • -. ... -
•WANTED— A .-situation by a respectable . man ;
; '; ; understands raisin;; poultry, ¦ cooking;- frarden*
. Ing; .handy*. all round' man; 'references. Box
." 4,233.- Call oftlce. r ; •
SKILLED laborer, not afraid of hard work,
•would: like four or five hours' work per day
'.or. night in city, ; Address W.- J. H., Hobson
. : Houpe, 417 Kearnyist. f ..."
SITTJATIOf" wanted by youngs man : some , «>x-'
; ;j nerionce- In cutting meat; will? drive ivagen.
. Box : 42-41, Call office. -.'•¦¦ . :¦ .: .
BARBER .'wants "job -In ¦ small .'country town.
¦ /Address -Barber, box 4218, Call office. . : ',.-
BOY wants work ; in ¦ wholesale house; . city or
.^country. Box 4243. Call office. -.:
HOTEL' clerk ; or '. bartender; ' young. • steady,' so-
ber;,*) years' experience. ¦ Box 40, 1008 Market.tHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; -APRTLi f,;.lO04.
13
'• ' -.' 530 CALIFORNIA STREET
V Savings Union Building.)"
$50,000— Pacific Heights, marine view lot, two
' ' corners: inclades a grand northeast <
¦ corner 270x137:6; one ot the cboicert
bulldlna- sites In the city; view is ex-
ceptionally flne; basalt blocks laid.
$5,C00— Nort^.Test, sunny corner; grand mar-
•-:.-; lne- view; a choice lot: very. cheap;
overlf^jks the Presidio; front* over 100
" .feet on. sunny side; wide frontage.-
$10,000— Webster-etrcet corner, 110x100; choice ,
lot' cheap.
$4,500— Pacific. Heights; sunny lot. 55xK7:6:
. easy payments; $1250 'down; grand
marine vipw.' ¦ .
$2,e0O— Sterner-street corner. 60xlCO. '
$6.000^-Clement-street corner. 75x120.
$4,600— Lake street; choice lots; large piece.
". 120x100. Very, cheap. ' . '
$2,100— Webster-street corner, 25x100. - .
$9,000— Baker street, northwest, sunny cor--
. • ner, '137:6x137:6; cheapest 50-vara tri
Western Addition; cars pass.'
I $1,500— Cheapest k»t in Western Addition; 25x •
'137.:O; ready for building; street work
all done; bltumlnlzed and' basalt-
blocks laid: tine marine -view; a few'
..eteps from cars; only .$400 down; easy. •
. Installments to suit. . ¦ ¦. -¦¦'-•
¦• $2;500T-Northeaat corner,- Baker street, - 25x •
." ¦ 100; -$600 first payments easy monthly :
. * .'•* • or 'quarterly payments. • '.' •' •' 1
• • -. I2.1O— Twenty-seventh are., 25xl2O» • -. . " '
• ." $050— Eighth 'ave; lot. 25x120; ".cars pass...'
$1,800^-Twenfy-Hrst are.', near' Point .LoBos
•' • . 'ave'., '.3 lot*. 23xl2O, • or " $B00 eaeli;
• - .' . .'-„ sti;eet. "graded and- macademlzpdj . •
.-.$900— B st." lots." Z3*10O. •"¦ ¦ .• .V. ••"• - -. "
•$l,800^Lake-street : co'rner. '32-.6xl00; -marin*'
' •'' : * view.' .•..*'•:¦••..-.. •. •' •
' $r,600— Sixth a'-ye., nprth of take st.. 25x,120." .
.-. tWO— California st.',. 25xlCO.' • .;..'. ']¦•: •'•
' -$2,400^— Twenty- first aye.^ near Lake St., 90x ¦
" •" • • .120. .:¦.••:.• * .••::•• • •'.-. '-.
. $,3;7SO-VSeventh-ave: corner. '.57:6x100..-.' .-" .
. -$;:,«ioo — Te"nth-av#,.' corner. 57:6x100. ••.-••.
• • ?l,0O»> — Two" "lots.-pri'T.wenfy-sepood -a-ve.,.-25x .
¦ ' ., .'• :120. •••.':•. v. '.."••.. . .: •:..'. ; -". '-¦=•.; •*. •'•
-.Two. lots'-' oh Eleventh ¦ ave.., 'neaY Clement" «t.,- -.
• .'.'. ' •'•.•.25x120' ' .' •'." •-••.• " :' . •- '. .-
.'! Wanted" to- pprchase;'2 flats 'under, or- about' -.
'. $10,.QQO-;"m'usi,-be- on-'sunny sld'? .of '-afreet,, and- ¦•
.".ncit^liease^i-ait'.imme'dlate buyer/ -•¦ '. -• •¦¦•"- v.
' ; W*: "J. • 'GUNT?, ¦.•¦:¦......': '•'-.•;•• . : ' •' '• '• "; ' - " - •
" . :: :';'- :- : ;¦'•''"; ':>¦;¦¦' ".I'r -".S3O; CALIFORNIA; ST.. '
*.,'.v ¦.;; .:-;V :; v-'. auction: >¦¦ *:;••:¦•'/- '^y ¦.
• : '•'•¦ ¦':• .-. *•:"," '¦:*" Auexiow.: . -. : . .¦¦.•••¦»",¦•••
' "V . .:-. •:• ¦• •'• '!At-'C.TfO.N-. '• '• ;• ": "• : " •" =¦ "
' •: •."¦•. .'-.•¦•.' - auction. •. '-. :-¦•".' ••.:: ¦:•
' : .- ¦':¦¦'¦ ':'¦ ' '• :••• '¦'¦' • 'v: AXJCJIQN.; .";• -• ;.' .. , •. . i * ; -: "
.'"• /.- .''¦ : -- ' :'": "¦;'¦•¦ : REAL-ESiTATE;.-"." '¦¦¦v : ; : --'-/:- : 'v ; :-
. ;,~..\-^-'. :a^A'/f'S:;A ; .L-'l'.T. : Oy';:^r ".\ r (:''-i
. • ¦ ; .-.: : S ATURbA.Y,..' AP.RfL'-9: -1^041 -¦.- - \l V %
¦ •"¦.'..¦¦•."¦ •¦Qn ihe'Groundj'.'at 2>15 ip.'m.v-. ;. -.-.'
. .:" :22.; •".." /... : "'- " -."CHOICK. ." '•""...•'¦'.. -" V22 ".-
.-•' 22 ; ¦¦ . '."•RESIDENCE.'"" ¦".•'¦.¦ l-^-. 23".- ••:¦¦
- . ¦• 22 .;.¦-.".; ;-.*;1jOTS ¦¦.'•;¦• --•'• -^22.. "":,'
'¦ •;. Fftcin* ; Bulkley • a.nd : Ex«Isl.bt. . ave?.'.- jReaifa
•' " - an.i} El Mbjife lane, formerly "known, ss^- HrQtel-
; : .: -Gfcnera; •'form'erly -El .Memto Hoter. ..':'.:" 1 : v.'
. ; . .*"or further ..particulars "and 'xatkloguea :ap^ •
"•. ¦ 'piy. tb" •• '¦¦¦¦'¦¦ "¦ ;• . .'•' • -;:•-•:-.¦ ¦•¦•..' » ":, '-.
¦-;.; ." ¦:••¦ ''" .HENRY--. STERN -;• ', ".';/ ... /
-.: .:'--.' t>AVlD* STERN"':*" 'SSOffR.-'V- 1 , .'•"¦,
"".•¦¦ -Real" -.Esta'-te Brokers' and Auctioneer." ';•'-¦
"" .:.'¦/•.'.;¦'.'•.'.•' -11 Montgdmery st-.--. .'.'.- .-'[.'¦ ,.\
. .BUILDING CONSTRUCTlONAeOMPAN'Y.' : "..
. '. .INSTALLMENT.' HOMES, 5l2Callagb"an 61d..r
• .".Trtll bti|lfl on -your property -of, buy. you.- a loti-
¦¦ • ••"' "$S- a." month pays." principal -ap<V-.inte»e:st op.
' ; .'- ear'J>. -$1000 of.'halitnce due, inakln'sr y'our'.lh-"
"'.•.-¦ >, *jal.lirifht} less .than ;t'ent: se.rid fofl-ctfCjfla.K^
: ; ?7.W .'Pr*lL--S\-EHK.'.nd •'. Interest.; .Lot>"!jj: tW
• -.- .-.ExcejFirij'. Hcme'^tea'd- .Tract; ..nil' letTJ.-, : n'Q.
'•• -SgiRtJ-iTiR t'o'Jp: rrnA\ ,\n build jfbu.r-'lltrle. horns
' ¦•••-onV -close to. ele<?trlo -rs'rs' and-', school. : .' '¦'.:-¦¦
¦•; .-..••. : -. .'. -v." • •¦. w".. j.. -white. : . > .'¦,¦¦:.. ... ¦<".,:.;
... ¦-:..--."'' •¦¦¦."CG. ¦Jtortgomi'ry' -stv-Rpprij" -Rj '¦: :\- _ '¦¦:"''
• i illlfiT! ; splf:""'mak'«.'an."-o(T»'f} ; cotta"ge';.--5'.robms!'
¦': ". ;at ic'fi .West" park st.^tlf-OO-. 1 ;-. ••'" •• ¦.:¦ ¦ '•¦¦ ¦•'.' a
. -•"•.-. S?S0O^»C"«<{age_'-'7- t\ :& ""b..: he.vr.; •o'h" : W«<st;-
-'- .". P.ark"st.'; 2 Jots, on- West.-Parl<st..-*.V>0 «aib.'
V " " .v' ;. ; '.- : . I>. 'COFFIN- A : C"6:, ;.1C(» 'MIssLort,: st, ;.-• .;
. ". T.WO"?nr«U'v '• hbm"es"Just.: cahiijeted' 'in :th.e: .Si is-.
•* ¦•T-IriHil-tf'room?';" baf)5: -absut' d1<OT"'d©#by;$af«:
•¦' ;'.- -an? e- -pflfy)' - t Sttr.3iQfSp: SSp-^an-spjne'-.st: '.-[ '•."•
-.'• -'ByiLD. ' ; 6n ' ydur.'"..un'inT{ir'oye«J:- real.ty;V-we Oottn'-
. "! i?pq;c^t;-^»rW.ia'h/l-.-^«Yt:lot;-*t:-^'t«*:-wrf.--
. o-MiiNHA^-AN'LOA'N/CO.V^Cr.ORKer^uilding...;
['¦ :^i^^G&D-tJic IeT©? T -room's.: .- «feeV"-wotfc; all-
: : :. ;do'no - : -,.mn^t -frfiM. .'.-n.t^g;-'M'iasi0n -.s't.>- ¦¦..-¦..:-'¦'..:";. :'-.
:• •UATfe?T-->.fsten^-.Fa^'ita'f>-'^unlh!jn<--by'. : "AHi> : '
:;¦" :,:;TtA?Y{;:&- .AIA.YER.,. pluftlDfr-. '• KiC. -Hpwafdv "'..
K fA-"W^TO^»^w#"-id^J|*e^tJittt^"^r*i'^lir wU
I ; ..-¦: '.'3/>']6y «<f*. fn. Wra'p'pe/. frir : ..-.mftntng. .>'l"pei ; 'year '• .
¦'. FolR-'.SA.I."'E^l'".5".'a.cr*»:nne- Vj'rjfl.n: redwood and".
¦.-. ':','¦ vyiie 'timber :rt / ?af..'L,/ f?. -'.Whl.tp'.s-'r'aiiro.a'd-.-at-'
: .¦.¦ : 'E^'.'CrVe'H.''Wendoclno;C.pilnt'yl v Korl-fuH-p'ar'-."
' •'¦tftulajs:-apj?ty.. 4c.'.A v ". : C^X>CK'ERS." "Aiblpn;
•: ; -yRiyo;/^Ki-'-y::^. 1 ?'^ ' : ~\'~' y: -'-''T '-- : '---^y-^
'¦ .'FCVR-'s-tfliviliJOO-.-ACres gotjdlftiljjvial Wjil-iri itHi
: ' •¦; girtli":h . aistrfc-t.' ."iwia.r -¦Stockton, ¦• $27: ot> " ftw:
_ "¦• >ntre:" ."Atfdryas'iJ'.i'E. WAGQR;-.3fl Sputhf .&ut-'
I j..'..t^F-»t..." -Stackton^ Ca.V..V '.-•.¦.'•':•/- •'• '.''; VA/ :."¦ -.; : ;.: >¦¦
:'¦ ' \x(> .A~ ilONTH-' buys "a. lO.-icre. 'f-af-mv.; '! V W-. : "; v
¦'¦¦": 42flO.';>rofl.t : . ; pex"n-rrn'um-.p"<;r-. i a.cre-."'. " : -- ..¦¦..-• ":-..-
• .". XV"rke"Jor-.':bQokret"--It> free..'. '90.1^.* tV ¦¦¦¦ '
.: ;.'- . s WRJ.r,l}T *"KJSiJ3R'OirG.H.* : sacrarhentq.z.Cal"...
.' .-X LFA LFA-' ... land is," " • "stock . '. : ranches, "•CrrcJiiYjs.i
. '-. 1 Yi'n^yaTd6.: : ;in«p"vct > edb"arg4ir«;.1rfonthiy yita.-
• ..-locjies. seht£r*e' .Cl M...WGOSTER CO.i'JM?
; - •/. .¦¦:.¦'.'¦:'. : ¦¦¦¦:¦..::. :.v- .-•¦"•.*- -: : .-'.
I
'.' .-% ">'¦•* -.V A'.l;-'<':VtV.j>"v^Jf:'R l .Vll:.'*->T \TKr ' : "' : 'yU\
¦ t"&2^0>f A :"'KARE " bargalni /chance, of : .a" :;ilfe>
" [• -tlnie; iw6: •feeiru.tif>it.::.u.D-.tb- : aat'-:'-.rrioclern-,.-rt^'
•' ". rofjm'./IKfs ''o'n. : '.ClIriton-: a,"ve.-'." ; .bay-:.-'frpiitag»f*'. :
. -' ybeautVifit. mlirln^^vlewi Siirt; ba-ttilrigri •
'.- ' -. bathbiriuse5J'et.c.CtKi'!< f»-a.rare'-chan<!*; "d<Jn'"t-
• ¦'-."'* ¦T'ftrfc'-^ - : : ' .;."- * *v '..'-. "¦-.'•'• •'•'--.-. "':'¦! ¦•' • '¦'¦¦- '!¦¦"'.
• - i^0jiA^d^^r/i^«^-«**ii»»4 .'m : . -N-tfrth
; .• .¦Berkde'y;'".one:- block- ttonj , Santa; F.e. .ro.ad.."
- '. -For '"••'. |pBrtlcul.a>.s.".':. : adar«^ •."MJ<S.f : -'-H : .- VF.-
i ;."--BJF!HKENS;:".. 3}2 : : Soiith r.. Brown."/. ¦*$.• ;-T>!a;pa,'
.-; ¦¦;.^i>y;.;.;G^".?-v;:-^:.r;:y{;o; •:'.-;.:_ \:.yry:,.\;-
•' -;-.- fttr-'Jb*a>-fg>i(ii>.;^w»,tr > tiM:' :hqv-:-.^*'!l "c'r fxifhahgy.:
• tJoTeI'/ •JBERKELEY^r^EQyJENS^THia -el-e'-
¦• V^' gently: Ap^int^.d..':hbuSe'-iB".-hd'W.T^(le^-.a--riew"'
''¦¦ -I'-rtnd'^e'xp.eF'ienced' mafta'ge'rneht.-. -The' 'Service; is
i :Kpi^.»ja^,*"nj6'm6oowiXJ§^VO^;.ft<iSi«il»fti'tW-'
¦.'¦-"• tr.eatm^h-t.ipfigues.ts'.courteo.us", th.e Fates. IpWl-:
' • : T.he-'hj?Vr.l •;is.";JKVated>7^\-XXinjrtiJ|?.*5«JHr.jtntf;
'. .'. : : of" .ttie : lDwlgh-t : wajr •s'latlonf;-and-48.
;¦ ¦3;. : .;'thftefor«r'e9nVen.fent"'-^o*..bbth. the : K^ry. 'Route
. > in"fj jS; .* ?'. "f!?rrjr. *R«te.s,"".per. dity;-
//.trari>'tf;ht; ! -a're ; ,"frQfrt'."^2, -tp"'**, and -per.-.inonth
-V .'•£¦•..., :-p.RKffp\^VL^^.C.o-f«il»»n«»«I, '.".'.". 'v" -."
THE- siia t&i&i r .¦Re'tjiedX.r.lhjVoriif gray- hair* . tin- ¦
¦r:nroyes.-.iii ; 'gr6V\-;th,stc^S;'fatllng < d.u're«(}anaFuTf
.'l.ahd'Jid|riKg.-ftc.al-p > ..:Vw : ..3ietn 'or'- efl.eklh.e*« ;;
-¦•.cleaTiseg'. .'scalg,^t-.'jdfrug'glst»';..-halrtlressers' : ':ac7.
/'¦ ceiit -'n.o-su-b«t|tu.ts;-.- Sfa'r-.'Bimcrfy'.-ep.; IC-3S "P.o-Ik.
T1A.KK Inss't ioe.-4'I ' VnaVe.'.ecilci '. a^i'.of my -.Intprekt
'¦ -I i ij- " tftjfe! flrm -'oT-'-Jo-hnAfpn-: .&."gl.ils;.'.CaUforHla
• • MaT-kctV io '. "Rbtitrl : 'H'. • Johnst'Qri,- . 6tf .' BJarch
;.-^;.ioo4:' K,-"v;-t:Liiisj -¦ '-i'--:-; ¦;;;,..-' •.'¦¦-'•.¦•,..'
- .- iare'.JjKQ-.t'or'^.Oi.-iaf cording J-aanartmexas". iBan- .
•¦• '- 1 •<rui'tJ!. ; airui' .weddlag- drnn.ers served ttil'"
' ' ¦ : 'jiH6rf-"n6tk'e;..'i"n'-'th?" fnost"-jraShlotiaWe"an'-I:"(re-. : ;
i
' >'-nW^hclem.ent"-aT.e'iTivKed "tt>-ca4r-at. the "house
" ¦"r.Vna'tnspe^'tiJf.' Ariy'.-.furtiver' In formation. d"e'-
. '• .sireifl ;wni, be. promptly- given..". -Tel.. Daria 13&.
•.Cancpr:ou8 "JurKpS;. sores,'. Impure blqbd. (affe.ctltig.
•'¦' ¦'t'kih^-.'irnputb;':-banr^.' /etc,);" speedily -curtrd by.
' -.'.•kllled':'Epcci»lljit frit>m .Europe; .Apply .Central '.
¦'. Ptermacji 2.11 G'ratit ¦ a' VeV ¦ Worst cagey CAired.
AT 'lean tjiah'r.cpst:- .uncaHed fiif suit'sV crvereoa'ta'
I - and O-ousrei-R .at. CHARLES-.-LYO^JS*
r. .Ta)lor; ¦i21.Marftet. : »t: : ;;.^-; ; .. ;. -¦'¦¦ •¦ '.-.•:•; ¦•»'.-< ; ',
DRUNKENNESS, morphine: and'.. ail Idrug .dls-
| ' ' ease's •' positively -cured . toy-.' W.lllow EmK Co. 1 ;
, .-.'.8.12-'Sho.tyeU;'con>Mlt8Ltlon free y. call, or. write .
HAIR • gray restored^ pimples, wrinkles,
" . 'all- "blemtaht* r'cmoy-edi 'shampooing (jpecialty:
. MMEi ROUME.' 231 -P.ost,- parlors I'A ana,44.-|
: " ¦' \b. : -&AK£^Xp -KtlAL .'.ntijtATtC. ,'-¦• • V"--
FriR-QUlCK.'i CONSERVATIVE' .OR '
* PURCHASES IN'" HOMES ' OR ;" INVEST^-'
i' "-ments. cash or monthly. payments.
¦ : or Exchanges, -call . or '. -write '
'.HARRY , L. ..HOLCOMB". .Ili SAN" P'AB£O"
'" - AVK.". : OAKLAND, " ALSO "HAVE RKNTAL"-
. DEPARTMENT; REFERENCE;. 'BANKS'
• AND "MERCHANTS.. •."¦.. :" ." '" ¦-..". :;
SOCIAL danced. Wed.; ThurB.; Sat. and Bun;:
'• claweir Mondays, * Fridays. . Lqulse- Foste.r.s
. "Echopl of- Da.nelng. ylf>56 Market. Br: Larkln.
'CALL at G. JV.' Hotel; matr $^,0O0- to .Invest? ajl
. ". gooa splicljqr. .'Aek-for • .WJ- L. .WARD. ¦"¦"
•SUPERFlJtjdijS Hair & mole's removed by «lec--
.: ~. trie needle- < Vt: &.Mrs. Travers, 117a.MarKet.
Actina' reatoies. tost eyesji?ht;"cure« deaf nrts and
• ca>tftrrh.. A' VIDA 'Cp : . S524 lgth. nr, Valencia.
MRS.- Eaton/ electric" needle speclaiist.'i36» fi'ut-
• • t ter. -r. OOb.-.MJss-'Eatop, 2-*g Gearr, room " 88.
MABQUERADE" costumes, -play books. .. wigs.;
' j '.coutiiry .order?. : GOLDSTEIN. & Cft', -TSSMkt.
TAILOR-MADE-. «"ult | $7 W. dies* ptfht«;$a 80.;
-Mlsfl'^ Clothing' Parlor; cor. Busji and • Dupont. •
ALFREDUM'S t Egyptian 1 Henna's restores" gray,
" -Bair'tO.iifr aatural color. $1: at all druggists'.
.;.:. special Bargain. ..;•;¦. ••
a fine ten-roo3i hou'se.vwith fur-
nace, .etc:'; "large" .lot; good-. loca-'.
.tion>" property cost. $10,000: we want
you "to -look- at the property* and
make- us: an offer. : appx.y .to p. c.
lasgen & co.. -466 tenth st., oakland.
CAU. • ";':•- . . " ' :•:•• ; .' ¦¦'..'¦• '."
FOR'sale-»-Hous«-of S rooms and t>alb; :flne. lo--
.*• nation: g6gd plumbing and up to date;- also- a
•lot 30x::2:«;--prlc« moderate;.' Investigate. '
• .- 'MRS. CARTER. 1*23 -Lindten st., Oakland.'- >..
O^^SO?FURK^^REjPOR>ilAm,
TO-MORROW'- the day 'tor, bargains in furnl--
'," lure ;". H.". Sehelhaas.lltb at..tor.store,pakland.'..
'¦^Jti^tS7^^^ii^^»^4 : i^^i'<!^^M
'¦iS&)£iTi*nV'iyQ TuYnU'ure. o^-pimio;'i<OT;M.UW a 7'
" ," ¦^^^^g^«^•.'.R^K^^^^fl.d•¦l.nBV^::7(^¦;Mi^^^^?.k;"Bt:;.-¦ : - ; ;¦¦;.¦i; :
" STAR" iJoin-'Co'.- ,ot .^vyeiminK- loa-hs; mojipy" • to';:
r^V^li loaned.' salaried prople p'ri'n'oVe»'-witll.o>'tt ¦;
•^nj'orirt-,'- ..ilOTlEtAf. '.U«p Examrher".bull"djng. ¦
: --ttertf;"J^wi,*3Cf!. now ?€<.:,...•:..-.•;-.£.:¦:•.
.' •". Miller, -new "$300 ,V \nbw .;«1«. v ; -. .-•;,; ,- . :.
: •» Emerson; new $250. to.S35D. : ncrw-$160.- . - ¦
•' : 2-ehli;l:erfrjgV.'n«w' «l5B.-now-.*l-«p, $185, ' . " "• • "
' .o'-'steinn'-ay, .ne'w'^375-," $7S0. .now $.185/ $325..
'./Heine;.' new . *J5T5. 'now $333^- •*-•-¦..• " ¦;••. •..«.-.-;: ;.
•"". Rents'. $2 U)>; installments. $.4 up. •Rent.ap-
' tilled. If purchased..'-- ••- ' -'V "•' : " % - •'-¦.•"••::."¦:
-"^JIKINE. PIANO- 'CO.. '.235-237.. Geary, -st.' ¦
; ;v-pakJand-^l.Up2;Broadwav>.:-:: -.../ •: ; !>¦/'¦;
¦ A EE\V GOOD- .UPRIGHT ' BASG AIN^-r • ' \,
: ¦" Cblckerin-g;- '¦' walnut.-; case; . used one... y.ean;
';."Ej£tlnway;-e^>ony 'case.- ii»«d .'.two • vears;:
¦• "Kna.Ue." largest s!ie>" fancy... waln.ut: "Hames
.- Bros.' Patti'atavorite, a.-pna^ Curtax.. sjnaH .
• ; slie'-'used-.IS:monthsr Marshall,- .fine' order,',
•'" ihoroughlfc r'ep'air*ed.;frotn ?130 up;- these. In--
. 'etruntebts must be. • it-en tar be appreciated.
.' BENJ. CURTAZ fc.EJOK.lfl O.'Farrell- St..
Ch>ckerlhg tgeats.-- " ' --- -" .-. •'.:-
$75;- STEfN WAY 'rose wood": cost" $000;-tof sale-
- on (5 lostallments. 130j8 Qough. near- Geary.
•KMALL-'pUiioit for.Bma'll apartments'; great'
. - ten*; rent.or.sale..-.Byron.Ma'uzy'. 3<>8 Post it,
• NEW upright pianos, sold on $5* monthly pay-'-
pients. ECHMIT2 A CO..^18 McAllister st.: -
'.J.pEDAt Steinway up.;Chlckerlns batr>- «rand •
- 6hon}nger; UtUe -used. KeeH*'*, 285 O'Farrell.-
1 -qS^^v^So .•houVe : iit'^..city\tb>it':"wt|>- rifit
'".¦¦ .>ioti.':aAl(ewVp,lqnO;:to^:$J<-P
;¦:•:• 6' rtontliV.- ineiit ": •al»di-*cattagjft-::4ff >,purx:hii!!e..
1 -¦ rr"lceV-'90le:-n«ents. : f-or,"MccP-hall; .-Sfthttler andl : .
; ; yorh(!x:^k^vsCQT^GUff'rA^-;'^9v:M^ es '.
A. FKAV'FuTiredepmed^Vi-o.r^e'fiiartbs Jt'a^so- turnip-
• -tureV wni .' be -K<Jld .tR'.pay.".8CoraKe";dlrt'.cheaijy.
-•' : WmTEHE-AO.'y.».torago.; JtoftyMarket. Jt:.-.
TF..-*'pu. want.' -barpains come ;now7.-iilanos" W*
:..-¦ m.ost -given;' awrfyr- • Hprnung. ; 310 .".M.cAllUte.r."
SbifMKR.-.Byron.Mauzpy "pl'anos/'Cec'illa'n r^afto "
- •p'layer. • RYn^N : .^A;U%T. .aO8 r ai2 Post ..<it. " : -
•S^/tL^stdroTancl "la/ge": bas6men't-.Vt : SID.-Eiilij'
¦'-v.sty.-rimiu'ir.ei-crgaF- store.- '.;.•/ y . ' " -.; . -J_
v-f-:"-.." •;.•"-¦*. ."-..'HEftslMVAiiS. : '. : '•".•'.. '; •;. ¦..-¦:\ :
¦j. --fresh:' bmiaoth ¦ aria • ytfUng. looking 'face.- 1 .-•.¦¦-
' . : : - "•• -\Vith a real, genuine .•¦'baby skin."- • . • '..
. "Don't f crgflef the iame, M.* ELLA." HARRIS,.
-"The 'nuMber- TS1. OTwi-611 .st..; neir .Larkln..'
".•¦•-.•¦.' '.'.-Call or .•¦jvrlte.for book. -free, ," .
'.-..' •".- .- -I • ; • - .'.'Hints, on. geauty.';- .. .**;'
>1' BU1XS .to order.rajt I'll. 1 ' weekly. -*. TCa * have '
- co"Btract8 .wUh .leading \housev ttf . taKe . all-
-• thefr short enda, called ;remna.nts, ;.We ma.ke;
'-•'you- a flne'siflt oh" installments-'cheaper tiian-
. ol"hers do for cash. -LEOK" LEMDS,. merchant
..tailor, 1127 ,-M'arftet «t-.' b,ef .7th "ahd ; Slh.' "¦. ".
IF'yqii have ahything'.you want ioldby-'sdlitfM
tors we will put-:H on -the." .market for .you;
' - : If you-- wa-nt- boarders or have rooms. to renj,-
- you -can list' them; with th«t " Agents' ¦ Em p.
• "V Bureau, . 30 Ge'ary.st..; room:24> :".- •.¦'• ' .".'
• A— MICR0TINE.7 a 1 poilthvs ¦ cure tor ca'tarrW,'
"cold -In- the ij.-ad, hay.'fevee. -headache and all
• • bronchlaf iffectibnsV tend, for , free ; sample."
' MOUNTAIN' TEA MEDJCfNE CCs, 272 t»th".
"SUITS to ocde"r oh Installments of.$l per week.' 1
: . NEUHAU3 & CO.-, (inc.), tailors, 729 Market.
. • '
AI.WAT4S be advised and treated by a grad-
uate phyiiiplan: rostttvely the oiriy one here
. -cciMibie ond willing to restore you to happi-
nees; -relief for irregularities; help for un-
. . fortunate- ladies; If in trouble consult him
-. Without cost or fee; call or write; conflden-'
tlal. DR. R. H. WE3TON. 305 Keamy st. ¦
A "PESTITUTE women's friend: fr»e secluded
home during. confinement; aim housekeeping
roomp; Infants adopted in .grosd homes.
-. ."MRS. DR. • FUXKE. 1416 8th Ft.. Alameda.
DR/.arid MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS-: [j
method of treatment.- 1125 Market st..i
Till. SO. TOY KEE. tl9 Powell «t., oppotlte '
. Union square: all 'diseases cured by herbs.
.'_•__.. WISCELhAXKOllS FOR SALB V ..
-BOILERS, er.ginep, M-hand machinery. *McIN-
; TOSH.;&..\\:o.LPMAX. J93-1HT Fremont »tA?;
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK"? . .' '• . ' ¦ " •
¦¦¦llepalr It witKclaterlte; In rolls eaiiy.to lay:'
.. peVnis no pointing or -coating; gpod-ovef old
¦ iron; ~t-in -for. VJifneleF;'. best for new- -roofs.
ELATKRrTE ROOFING' CO..' 713 Market st."
:2D-HAND -to»chl"nery; boilers." engines, puuit".-
..¦ :ru.llej-s; - Bhaftlne.Vetc..; eie.,-. bouch^ soiJ..
¦rented and' exchanced;" see- Sunday, "papers."
'r--.ll. B. WHITE MCHY.. CO.. 130-132 Beale s.t.
.DF.SKS.|»nd' oifflce". furniture:" t20,000. ctock .'.to
be 6&ld before" .April .15; thia stock- can .-be'
'-: "- --KHirH". in.larife- or" evnn 14 • let .«. .T.-D. Me-
CA-ttilHTT CO.;; 782 Mlgslon". .Phgne Bush "-4G7. .'
•PA1VT youf.b;ld and- new- met srl and-phingia-
roof* with Aebestds Roof Pa-ln't; Kua'ra.nte»d !
-. ;io tiob "all lea.ks in Uie;ofte and -preserve th«r:
¦ : n?w.. 20$. Front sti.; teL.tlkth 1«2S.-: " - : ' ..' :
FOR: rale^-SO; milklnjr' cows' an'4. : Atilty.-. outfit
;. ;' <-omplete."..'Wlt'h.- cr.' irjfthout ;'; pasture'; for.' 'the-
' ii-taniif,- :,App*iv»t K18 'Grcfvt st.-;Vb<5tweeh Weij- :
.: : -^s:<y- and::rU;lm6rev.'..in'orj»i^»i.;-V '-:'; ¦¦¦'¦:¦'¦ ;.':'• •:¦><
A-^^KE'-'*uit'a'r.#til»i:a"r«!fcs^'piM8;.j|2.'5p.^.Orl«* ¦
lnal Mlstlt .Clothing .f»£rlors, : toSKearny :it.v"
near Bush; -op^ni.to* p.;'m:. Sun^iy'io.nooff.
A— BUTS, *elhi .'dr.. rents "ce»r. jrn : ac!ifroerjr."..r trr-
. Cines, ; boilers* water. Mpe; phiJUag^-pnUOt'.
.-:¦; gtc. --- ft'lHTELX W. ar^SS Sip»ar <jL ; :-v-. ¦:¦:-.*-: i
PlGIjONS/ inew.-' iiroorted- VatieileS.V f*yrv*quftbl
¦ raisers; send ;.f.6r.-U?t..-:: C, '^•li^SON, -. £2»
ALTERATION- *aler^Beit-S2 SO^hata: ¦¦¦tl tiC :'
I 'jdi>u : lar. • Price ' flatten' -;^30 : kVar.ny . : n?a r :
,-''.' y'-ne».-oxyti '.. to -B; p.- Vffl.-|;.ftthUa;yB.': i t)y ; flocnl- };'¦.:/
TRT :cur. : men's «b6es v; a.t.: tl ;and:'$l'6i> 'paljri .
¦ - f.oot-f onri '.-fbcirp. ;'4.%:-t£ :f>0';' "•«•-¦ pay '•'.express'
¦¦2 1 5hfrfft."''"-^ay-3|l : _iiLv-'"E'^mi;.-bl'd:>'.-catalog. Tree.;-;
3^c-; K9l&j&-^r.'th&-:)inQi.pii3>iair. >aTnpl^s '
. ¦taa.ilrd;,vai.ntlng;.tihtfnB;- i*pimX.<v1&.MSB-',
¦yl^AN. asca-ttrfhsten^e-i: Jackson- :l^Zt::. ¦:-.,¦
A ¦ FINE rose sr'ood'.bock'cai «,'¦ flfso anoid - Ftejriigh-.
\ .oak fiarlor.c^se. for.eale -cheap. ¦'¦ -'625 ;Duyont
• -.': «t.;- nwir- Oilir.^chlii.'"."; ,-. -.;¦/.** : j ¦¦'. : i' : ' ': '.' ¦¦ .-. '¦¦-.
FpR;>ale^^erJtle^famlIy."-cQw: ' ; : iO6 ¦¦''¦ Artlngto.n
'". .'«;. ¦.F l u!rmou'ra".lJiftricV" ¦¦'.¦.-'• VXihV^;.*-* -j. '. :.¦
A' TENT r*i- rrnt- 6r s3lV:- ricJSS>ipMAWN.
. ;^NT-&;A\VNiyG;t^;.,^
FOR .Balf-^Lia'rgc '¦'¦ grinflins stine? •.¦cirpeatet's 1 -
.^^ .¦aod;"Bl.uTr.b.prs'..-tools: v -.-"053:.'Hcward '^t.;- ¦- •;.-
:'BrtQKJg--."l}ouelit"i"i rilirafle.'* "'p-irdiascd^-' Klas**-
¦ Old-'JBookstnri?. <Sl; McAllister' *tL' .-',..';; .' : '• ¦¦¦- v "
: «aYe.:iR0Q""'pb|in<J*'';:it'l25.';:"BieH- : .
,;¦¦ AHDj~ON; BI>OS,.; -.l^ie :M'aTk-*t -Sf," -. ¦: -"'. : ?.-¦' V
"ONE :. pair. 'f.-n'e' ¦whit*" > dYani<3hd'.ear 'ecr«w»-. >'
; : ;barftajr:: ?y.. r c.' .-JXO .Sixth-- f.(.^..-. •••;" ¦ -V V.-'C ', ; . ' . ¦'¦.•'
' P ARG A IN S -In- Tihe "¦ £ him^ond*^ ; and .- ¦"Vatoh-si" '
\~>a? y ; imirry»i:ts.; : .gAlitN.' ft(Vi. Wayward bid'c"
GASOLINE '. engir.tis* l»asht v '. sold,- " eichinged^'
:. > rppa_itfd^-' : --^-t.g«:-Ciy^b'n '"o.'.-2o4". Bealp.et.-"
?Af!E,S :'an'd ' r»*li' irep.isVerH. ; 'n'ew' "ap'd Sfeon^v-
; v hard : : ;l.'-;-yftEJ:.MAN;.'l.t2»..'Miirliet.M. •¦•"•'".• :'.-.. ¦
!'SC!tf-E: '¦'r/.'6<i -F^-.Vnil^liaRd- caFbTi'he" engines -i .to:
¦ 1? K ¦ i>. ¦ -.cVap,; E;. B- :ppclc-.A-"Co.." 122 ?lKet.'
SliOT. -. inaoh] nVs ',' cheap i '" Ch>ra'r oes ' ='.. Tweptie t h ¦
[¦ ¦¦'CoT^itUA. .'¦^¦^fHs.-'BACIQAt.'UPI/flM-MffrXVi-:'.
SAFKS ¦ -Npw" :'iir4 '¦scconvj-hand-. ""- TiTE '.HEfe
•-¦;-.-..MA:-NX/.SA.rK-:-'cp.: \gO7/.Battery; »^.-: -...V -•;.--. ¦; .'
liiOVINri- Ti'rttir;"?«.''maj[;!c-lant.erns,:sale.' rental-.- '".
;¦;,'" ibargalrifv^CuJlara ¦;&. Sreck. : -l'Sl" Post ;st... ¦': : ' :
; 6A.F."jtS.^r'N?w a-nii; :w«s5<h»idTvE.. B-'&EClC "
•;-..%:.c ; q: ? ."ig'2.''^raTk>t.' yt;-; /- ; > • ':.::''¦>••':> 'i£ifi'<~?.'.\
•'^A'^I^'NEV-'eiiK.lt^s'."Sui:6rn6bi:.oVand-ja'u"r'<hea^'"." l
:.; i.-'aJfc ; &z+i. .".¦"-' J;. ;'. R." -pC>A!rv; '?8:' Ft'om.bnt" "rt. '"". ' ..'j
ASK. '.for- -pr»c<* on jFecOTd : hanSvtyr|ewrlters-:-a1f J
-yJCjjlbps;'..'AX.T;x-jLyD.fc|C*4| ..CO;-. . '.110 ; Moo^g'T: :
:V^; '^MJSC'KiyCA.iviioy^' : WAyi v 8.;;: : ;;:.'-.>;
V\'' A ,»rr-E D— $r i lO.VOD-Oa tn old goij. 1^ the
. - : : ; :«^drr5 ftf Th.» 'CaO' will kit*dl>-; get-'o'm th'eJr
. .: - old- : Koid; -. Ril-vpr; ¦ \p)& '. j'ryvrti }' ,'. "aiid :. platinum, -;
.'..¦hr.inif: cr ;t.to : Ui> ; by - oiall 'Jcr-eipJ'.fi'*.'
' -:we ;:w:H' w!>ir;.af..oncp::. nihn^v : .oi i " ceVlifia-1'J
¦ ¦;•¦ "oh^k; fcr. fuli Atalue,, : COnslirnnjeTtt. itri.P'W 1
¦ '¦'_ .re,turnp,J: to you. ;iri; exactly .tb>:s*me -«bruli« .'
J .; ;! t.ion.-as^nEc.eiv.od; if th»»' airiouht • Is hat -up - to-
'¦ -.-¦•: >:eiir '.-.-r.xi'wrta't^in; ¦- Bank rpf^rences: - : L,1C11.'-'.
-.. ,* J ZFg$tt.i:p:--.i)K0*:i. : -2v; :^%-i5rrn'-.-^tj.-.-.tit^:'.;-: ; '\-
¦"; '^'ANTHIj^OnV .'•f-'h^itif -i-na". -.-^bplter, - 1U&; : '^?Hw.:
f, -^¦..•JK>i^^.owf* : F" r .'^5sr'^riJ'rR>'T.'d,'.'..'';e<)o;d : conditiort-; .
;.;. -.'.-.ai'so; <;(.^)iptrt ¦¦¦ :: dtr>.ct :Ctirrp^t ¦
¦y y : Jg^{g:^rois.li ;;M.f^; r "-^o; ,-¦ >lt» - : .>!irrl<ejt. : - Kt'.;;.^;- :
-'¦' ;iVA'Xvi : JvD^A'"e'opd.':i}tjR : ;f.-r -a ; :-hiodel:C" Apply c
. ' .-'Jt'-H-N .^TAN'Ii/X.' .l.i;ipkin~ UVi ;t{ir<».T)f.-.VM;
V - ; '^on.yjpe.la^iil , Sia;s<fo, :brt.:;io r li: a; ' m;:;Fyiday;v
:-S'K'p'ES '"¦•¦*""aB.v : «i::^5fi'r'fe"tt^oir;:Tiig^wft"5r^:-- :
' ¦• .•X'ffew;vfrV'M.*;han;a^^ ; Mi?>ion;A .
: •-^tTG^'.'.wjtit»\"fe6^-*e.cQte4-h^'^.dve.lpp>i^e^^nj;
¦'•¦ ¦•¦"; f h.:^ir'/^:-g^o<i^ -tSI .¦3tfc."Vt: i i. t-tl.'.jv^6Lf<v;^s&ti^
£ JlOTfeV T(> LQAV.,,' "', ' " : -. -
V .~LJFjE} ; lroura'nci?-!.V>c>iiclW!<;- ; toiiii'is.- ¦ .bji-i''>a*n#-V ! yje? ; .
.' ' ; '.4Fl.v't Ato'iirh.er; ¦ 'cyatBCs ¦ ; 'ijiaii;--: cptji'piihi.p?:;
¦¦' '• - : . t EciieU 'i«cio : :a, h^Xrtj sV..-GvmpaiTy; -^21 "Stoclabii '
; >.;*u ; -^eco^Jfl&oi;;;.i;hpiie'BiiSfi .^S^:"-;:^ 0 -';.!;^-'-"-'^
.::y^c^
" '. '•:. Lfi^AN.-anvl 2.1-StQck'tt)n"
':..-FtV.«u-psia;iiii; If.y.ou held .V^Csharietl-poslflon,:..
"-.' ¦:\ton'iyanr,'i\(Ar..' : •wiT.h'out./ICno.wVdgf'-.V.oir -j\>ur.;
¦;' ¦_ -, •'.;f'-rJf.n<i«'!J9r- cnTtfijbj.er; lowest? «L'te";-^'qu'icK.iS*»i- ;
¦ '; !¦ v-Vlcei :: tre;atmprit';-;.'cJL'lti . ¦ wcit.e -of.
-.; .' ' tel>pjhone.',Bnsii-"4J' *•';• "»"s\*'r-i) tii- : l-.'>t «iu"ipf«{l~-
¦, .¦''¦od^HpV:th-'i"h'e:.Ht>vi : w"lth .' : ofAc>g- cfenV)^iiient--;:'-
¦¦ ..r.-^ljft."*rtij'.^3»p4ra)Jy." rocifccl ; ¦'¦" rt piyrai^!": toefmsj-.ai^' ;
'..= ; -;;r/rn«^ : ; s6.-,rha^;'t.fie: ; ..slnc'tCT
: >«in:od/"; ¦'•":¦¦";•:;. ¦.-¦-]:.'¦¦'] -l-:- : j"'" v; -'-'?'-':. : --T-""- '."¦¦ ¦'.''¦ -I- 1"\."'-"-^' •'".:' : t" : "
•;; : AltAr^Tlt-R^^^SiijF^^
;¦-:.¥-; .^v;;v.:V\.:;;-:;:^M;ur-/;r:'-4.o:r.;i>v a niin<'r:nui^iLngV'
.' i : -Quick -BPtOcmrjK!". nfi .J.-
v i'.*--"-" ¦?"•-,• ¦Ti-.ai-ip'-yx-^.'iTW ¦>¦•'. US : --«lr^ I l-ng'.-'.V:i-.rrr-'<l>vT'... ; -";.-.; :
:• .;-"--"'^|i)*f*"*. ¦¦FP^cnJ":mi^.-KaSe'?;;«n;dI.v-i:^^
•• ¦'V'*»'tfc-: 'ai<.*'ij6'.n-i':i''flVs -<jT ;.rp^'tv.' rr"{''.rt;>" -tTiVVrUs-t.-.-V
"-: :¦ ; . f^.-;'.-4««a.WP!»; life .^
'.-' :'.yit(f'jTSt'^;JJV.-jp"r4"^jrt-yVj>ufcl^'pe'.d;"' ' : '. ' : • .;•"•
; : , :;.v..>jjoli.rt'«vif ¦'. tri atroeni :. '.-' >Vf^rte)t'i " .;<>c«rtfldehl''ral,.
. : V .: ;, : -- :'•,';' .'; ¦\.'-;;\VJvi-n:. Y^'J- Nor-iJ . i!.qnty:. : VC : J-'.':. : '-- ;"''
• f>* nrn« \n iiuRPiiV-
¦' :^^PAN ; Y-jINC\li V ': ; ':^"-:
¦¦.-.•:¦;:.¦;¦:• .•'*• :-'',•' .-.'•: «'<- i )nt»Jo-l"- : -»-i";«^i-<?.ii.. •; ¦/.-. ;•¦:¦..¦-.¦¦
" ;^ 'IV-'.- 1 "•;; vS[KA:L"-i:sTAYi: :Li:)Ai;ixr:^ .: "."- ':. ¦'••¦.• :;:
;. ; :^-' •<: v':- : 1NTER-ES$ -<5> ; PE.a> CEiC 1 ":- :,y< \ :rj.:.-:-
- "F7R»T^SEtO^b:./AN&yrJnR^;^ORT«ABES.v
,-'• % -;^ .:":¦-. •t""-.':-:<?ffr;-A^:Q'-':-?>.VK:L'X'N-IX:--'."-. -<-lv' ; v;
.= : ¦'¦:¦• Ibot&sfai&'&x'i}. jrawx: ;riio.£r;ivriEs.-- -' :
: :-i .-/'•.•••>- f-
'• '.C N BlVirEjy i NTPHBB3* i M. Jl I" A L fcmTE.;
; - :^K^FT;;:;;::; : v<\V^
;• .' Ji^n-'.^-iV': t-l':''.t'RGi-:itti'-IV r^IWJ|N'Ci;: S.^-Fi •:':;
. .' -,' .- - Tt/uTixiAN • . .
. "^. r : '. " : A'-r*as«)nal4*anicunt-pii;, :.':: • - J ; .." : .'
; ¦i¦^:^>V^.:/W'¦ : •^^•^¦Vj'•¦oV;::3a•.;J:•;"¦:¦^^:.V^ ;^.;: r •¦::
:¦' :' : :.-':..-J."-"-';rilO!.!ii.a>'.-".-.-bxi' -i'e:»;
= ¦;- -¦"-.•: :- •¦¦.•".¦.•-:•- .- t^iUittPi^fin; rttjv •"tuwji..V v " ;• ; - r ; ':¦.->¦
¦ :^;:>;;_'-';-^.;!-%:'i.V;"v«i:;coaht/yv]: J;'-"iV ; j-'10- : r"";'iV^.
."; '.-¦•.¦¦"'..'•^v:' :">•'¦ ; -I^dw. : cate:t>f. l 1ntei;erf;'^."; :^ ;';•;' O';
t v : y'' : ~;v"":-V\r; : jrfveV:fiin ; : : pairtltulaiy}; o : :> - • ;;':;."-V.
¦¦¦ "-^•'^"".¦•¦;' : ";.i '¦ipf-;pi : rji.f'rtj""':o'r''.'rha'i:tels.: ••¦':•;" !' : ; : ..V\ :
'¦? ',""". vV -^'.- ;¦-.¦;:.".¦; >•-• ; : .etc : -i;- >' '"..' ; ' ' :; '.^ .'M"'- ;^!
L :-V : -'v; v >01>>: r i- . '^?O3E/ .AC^: ; /Gail. joface-.';'..v:-.'-;'-.-.::'-r .;: .'.;;'.-
¦- "SFSTi^V^irn<?a' bri ¦aiin'on : 4'i«.'je^rt'o ; .' *?atiki«s..
•"'¦ :'. : >-"j»i*d'Viii-u.i-*..tr-s.'; -6ur. Sirepff^Ltf •vh^W pibttct.- ".
!•' .' '-.i,*$:Jtrinti:- -U.yri ! % "^ rijy.rcieetrici ,t jr.-, PC>B-i%,A-.sp.'.
¦;.' .; -L<?AN. < vI ; 'Hl« i nv'.^.-^tfJ3^!^fg?! >^'.- : 9.»y^'. < jfrV
;¦ ¦•¦ .'• ifiantsi.; tfeainstersV; ¦bca'rilip'g/.lKiu.s* s.-. : wltjiout-.
•¦ ¦ '.'. **ciirl'ty ; < -I'K.v' ;pai l «iept"i5.r-. "i'arpts'. bus.neps'. ;-ln
•;; -¦ ,;: S4fc;yrUic l{»a 1 yori cp.". ;.yQlmap;ygftgi!lBOB^ ?}&¦¦
•¦ ANY L'jfcnjbuat •'. cui-ck' lk- Ton .¦ jirnttu/fe >t>r '. vi'ario.:;
¦ • "ViUJoiitVrernora"!-. or othpr *ec.urUy; n'q ;.^on}. ;••
; •- ' irain st" rates-i sir>.cltr- Vf o'.nfidenjiaiU' ?«a"t4'oTia4 .
..;. ...erwilt; Co,;,-C> pcryh'Qg :biag^-117» MarHfit st^
'^H'E..Hh»itM'-'-^aa"-iBi"irTni*t 1 '-QP^'- : "3i 'Ktpcjctoii,
'¦-¦K.t -"-Cup^tjitra).- -loajis rmptVo'y. -<ji>' dlatnO'ti'ls.' Jw.-.. ¦
' • ¦¦'¦'Miy ;and'-Valun>rles;*t -^:--per':'oentvpfer jSopfli-r"
'• '-.¦.aJiW.tuVe/priva'fV.-'i ,y.h'ene':/BvsJi;.4S4'. : . . -'¦-; y : ->
• ¦ . MONBT^lo^nco}: o.n>2d:."an.d '3"d -CTpritgag'es;. : u".n'-;
•divided ' InWif^ti • real : estate"-" in iproba re;, iff*-.
-. " ' rttate*; : l^ft^d v.-boan '¦-,*&& iTJcUBt-: C()J,]. 21 :
'"¦ ':.g"toc.ktoh;stl"'-Cn'Pgt.alrs%-':':" " ; ",•¦>•'.'.•; ¦' -.y..' ¦¦•'¦¦';--;.-¦'-
'-. Hi'O HUT : -rfflsect.abiW.'.Rrivati. s? placV- Id' 'obtain .
' '• liberal aSv4rvre* -on. dlanT6n6>..-jeWc7ry..-'at;.2-
• ,." fret ; : c^nt- thterest.". --" paldwJb -3«V"e>rjr .'B^re,-
|". : -M«'aiaYfa?t;.t>l' s -Majn,-lC44. .Bra"Tich..l9 TTlilrd ..
! l.^ERcent pn-.furiiftuVe-bT'.nia'nbs':' t»o rwnpv'alv
' .I-"" notommldsiph-; .T«o 'Tubll.citr: $25.^ip:-'<iulck.' :
;«.- qufet; 'co"nfld»ntlaU."2» -Montgomery st^-.Tm. ".-Z.'
wBxET^o'lan'fln HovTlMerest":
' aiamoride pearls -and prec-loli!}-'-" stones .bough l
• a t \y.- j! hesthavs; jo- ;6t»th.«t;. f . •-.; -.:
MUKiCliPAL".I>6AN..OFFICS. ld3-.Grani:aT.e.;'
.. *£>££$ LOANS' FROM.<1.TX> -S.IO.W. % '-. V
• KEW eaej*. method— To- wage "eaters on unln-
; • doried-notes; abBolnte privacy- Kidellty-Xoap
•Company., rooms «8-49" Chronicle bldr..' '
: TO «aleried people without" .security";, on .furnl- :
: -turt lDdoried npt«« and" ot.her security. S.'F:
¦ Dlscbunt- Agency. 143 Phelan bids/. ' ;• . •
.- Al LI loans" on "diamonds -and Jewelry 2 per ce,nt"
: B * F " Oollateral Loan Bank. >38. Keamy.
a« on furniture & pianos; $15 up; rfo-removal;
•mcwTv. TREMA1N. roombl, 6 Eddjr-.t.
••I'M r v -*.^y. 4 "^T' | > r *-rr % V* i.rv-^-f^f n *.'*'^'.r^'
v v -<V !n X H-VXPEN- ."& CS>- ! B /. ."¦.". ."*2»". Sush -rt.
•;*•*; gt-it -Mirt'iatBt -^Orfc, .6tate" or Ne\Ada.« ;
j>»"*£.*. : - • i ¦•• • •••'• "••• "• •'- y • •¦ : * = f*T.lR! ""•««.
" . s;,-;^ -/Jxborr.JT. rpt'Jimrn. t 52-J2 ..0
-daily.. U.i'. ..-..¦- • . •••'. •'••• •»<?•• bogs", here
¦ ;.:••¦. .-.^'rkners,, the-'.rabir.'.-cooV. pl^BB* cail' or
..-.-,". Mj-W'.V '.: '••. "--.'.. . •• .. .- . .'•; '.-
( ".'•M-'' : <>r:'yr.'t<^'-.!. t . }i * ;car.p*>rit.pr, please" call..-
•".-. '.('¦»-. ii'iid 1 ':'•!> f'rV ; crvik. $'6. -. -.-. .'.-;•.
I ' j,'.:"?.|iy,. .iiHvOv-lir.|;c>-y svagnn." I.Kh .
•• scVsmftlu.-tili 'sSiarc*!'.-- .-' -. "• ¦;• •_ . ".-'. > .
" i > -». J b-cH':" ri;i!k<»r*.' -- '." ..-. . • ¦"
.. ¦-.'.». ."H VN.fE^'. & CO.'.". ..'.. v .42» Cu*h st.
• •'•:'>. G : . : n»an B.hau':'.20.;j^ 1 a : r«*pr ige-for of!*.c«'
•:Sv.eckf <-iip u«jd:'-t'o-._wt)rking'."in Vale.-check .de- .
.-'ivitwpu- ;tj"y 1107,. Call.. - .-
¦ vj: J'HAl.H '.bafber.jhojt for-saie.' 659 Pacific
>Cf!vi.'j ; -/' -.-' " '•*':." '*•' -- ; ¦[ '-' V ' •* ••¦'¦'¦' -'
•j ' ¦!i : .vi':i r -lpxb?r- Vhap'. for : r.als: "Teisoriable;
i. ¦.¦;i'--;jru'h.<V!V -Vrid""?.- ?1749". Mlfrtoh. ptl- . . •¦¦ ."-,
¦> v i Svi' jT<..'i\; : Q?''i$r>r..i$y*r'. to iqtn .a, !militair>'
-.'¦ ¦ -'¦*!•" -ivil"- 1 *!'." 'A!pp' y.V.| w.lth- ¦ ¦.tTrer»noe«, . s.
;-. ; ;a N-'i.7>.':iTa'A clcacla *t.; t»ejL '0 -arid * p. rn.
- '\.vV^%."V.'!v:'-" J *'':'y''.' ? .>' "*.••• : ':.* ';''-' '" : ---.- .-'':-; •;-. .'" ':> -'. ' "¦•
.V, v '.>'iT:U : 'S".;h.vfi;nr.?SrppAi:v^0untfy;-t
..;.-' "1- - ".v^'- : ifl-r«»":''i-.'<'-Y-.-twi;niii,. y'Ur..be'>.s.old' 'cheap-
'¦'-,. • -lint; ot -M : okne.Es : ; fli»t^rtass lit eV-ery
¦':¦-; ;•; ;; ; ;-;^Aitdr^s»--bciit^214i-Csm ; offlc!fv •'=:'::'¦'¦
'v^"\S:-.T^':>\''.-H. : vV:: : ::Vi>l -t-hiYdrt-tr.s plotliihir sal'*-. :
.: ¦-'• ;\;-i .. ¦¦. : ;>:rf>r^ rariy- s. ;x. ,.\\-pbp.i Co.. "W
;^';H'l9^^t-'- '¦¦''. . :: '-.'=. ;'- : - : -;' : ; ;'['•;'-•'¦> -'^'/- : ":'"' !'.'¦ :'"••
• > .\-'XiS-"MM '--t .">¦• "ojijivicrit '^wi -and ippr ,h*i'a<!; :
:>--^>i^"--Vft'Va^V-.'?<*"^iY.''o»V-'^<^-. : ';"-^*ft:.Mllji.v-
;-- :; :.^::S-;?=y Jkpij-Jglat;^t»e^«; .East' OakVanll. - ¦ /
¦¦¦ n ".' ;•".-'•.- ;i : V ;t.iT»-t-i-iffpji .coattnaktf-tti work lrt-
¦>'i ¦.A^t:itA. : R'n4:.'pirnt*m*k^j.ToT-->?»«ii£ri^. :
V. , '.< ri I-.- 3jHO5 &• O"t . 2* PutttT M,
¦ j^Tiis^j;:"^"6^;;f*\;«ilie^-.-".^ie*iK;".".-.CalL at-
:'^-.^5-0J^' *«!??».'/"?*¦¦¦' -:'-X- '•'.-':: ";- : ; .r.'-.V:-'";.' V ; ; '."-V ¦"'::' .]":' ¦'-:'-'-'¦.
¦i -vit i-?) :l . *h>h. '-/f br;.' r.sai^;" .'-cJieap;. apply IX)*
¦ : -." ¦.:;.¦.'¦'-:--'• ' -: .,".' ';*<':¦ ¦'.vimX.niiV/'- i'.-j '..'. ¦¦; ¦'.;' vy;?- .
SV. ¦:'"'¦•' Nr; •-.- ';tve!'i.-"-r-«"Ji < .ts'- ; . : .''-*an;ed . :: : for. ¦¦-" ships. '
¦. .¦.'liVvKJv'PI^ir'i ¦¦'~J*x)&pPi : -W''"~ : -:'^O;~'¥/?Z--r>-i
•V.:\ V^\'.':a .'.V'-v •f-:'>v- ;!r s'' li'-fni^- , J'irrish-tns.- ie.
¦;'^^'ii-AV^:i'.'.-hihi.'u'vn'!U<t-; : ]t^.'-i
¦ -.'•¦ ; fr : . : .'t ; 5v'-^Vf."'iiV->V.'::'-c-if ;trahf>«>: : ; wr«apn--*>pe;a!54;
:/-*'-"-r^7iV..V'.-"i.^-al ' ; ;--.\'r..i;j*rl3ew5e';---:PT*fe''rr?4*--»talie',
: : '¦'•'. i?;-. -':¦ .ifxi'fep^Kiy.-'-.'asi^'-'rtli^-r.eii^te'dV '.-..-lfcix-..
j-^'l; 'jQfWrK. . : ¦¦'.'.•' ' '•... \ ..¦-;.'• ;'¦¦¦¦ ; '.
V.'-c-SvTft'i^Jtia^.ore.'rs- and V;merha.'n!c« : iof : jtnb.w :
•.'.- : tfv»t.f'Kd : R.n^i^.-. Rpn.6.. Housed prhpcletrr : ' has;
,;;.ii'*ie.i.i.^t>o.:.'Ti<-w / - Irpo'mf'.-'vto'.'tliie.'Der.J-cfr.ICbtfs'ei."
;V:/'rTi.r^T.ft'ira':"rtV'-2S^ : '- i: P* l^? : i : 2S? ,<p Tt>c '-'pgr- nlghtl.-
.iVA-jSr!T-El^M.r.f".^IrJyv5_' : .'in:'i<3frs,-. tol^rkismitfts.. , :
. ">.- : -Vi»"rm i * r -'r7> : .siiid x»D<»<Jw<M"k.er8.' <p -«tay..- israj" .
:'...';<'r..>>v y : ; -g trAk«-';;'.-"g.-'-vi-V tabor :Cft:.iafcll.Y
.y. : *'XTJ£» -MfLn and ¦ woir-f A' t o llea rp 'i-h?.- bar-' ;
:';. ¦.' i 'or- '.t pp d>.ln : eijrM -.*r^k*: ',• 'W'^ern -.Cjollc'g*
¦'.••rr'^xr-bcr?.: f>g ; -j-V*mfti»r>''inl i '.ft.V'--. : .'.':-:-..'v'' : -;. -..-."-'¦.
¦•.Tn'Y:" : c'af--. : ;ww'»)^*h'o?si/'i*ion-:ffiad^^A^.'J|f- ftnl",
v'..(l',S»:>paSi'> y toot^rqr^--iih^^
¦ : '-'kiiTftf^or ir>a;il :ch'ar»->s.-.,Vl «3 : »t'.,. Exara. : bid.-.'
: 5vnsJop^AH>"-^-E.- >. Stwl.tte. ii *0; Thelan-tildg.'
.". • W«to<-^:-VOe^:-H:-^hfima,a' P<rrt: ;Q.OA^ ,«..-¦
: : « x '/tc vd.o J jinlior :«rotk :• I or.'- tu itlbnTln '. 8.' : P."
;' :\^arbgr '^Bcihooli K'il :Hpy » rd^ *V' ",- ¦ ;'-. • : " .^-¦ : -.- ¦'¦ x
.¦V!6t:>"G- ¦¦\He^; v .jE»VMbw.:/taa'cHsmH.hs,"-;-«t^n<iFri*/''''
.-'..' /.r'vrp.n. ifi'sTji*;, fcr-.f ;hVps.":..Il;r.r»Tian'a;-2'::.P^MarV-;
\\ 7N<.;!iT-?T'r:u jiotr'l/-«;:^J'r<l-«t:.-.""ne'ar>fa"rr'.
. k»-: — T' .y r.iii. rri!< ; ;>?><••.¦¦. nicii^: - ..rea>llpg-iroom«'f
¦ A LI . -5 ize«. l s ; jpa.ofis^«i irbtly '-djimkged. - ; halt
¦'. .; jrir* '.;..- -^:;^li^fon :^t;, : -t)ef.'-;j^t.vahdVra..'EX)iA : ;/-.
i^^\>nur.*ho^T*aK-!8blea ;:^«rhllV-- jca-ltf.-ig;; «5c ' :
• : ¦»-¦". ; r.f.8 M^^pri--ytl:;;^'t;.i>t «n«T 2d. gta.'.
... - ¦: : EXZiF WiL^ED"^pM(CnrtpJ£S;-;; ! '. :'\
.¦¦¦T\'A">iTlin-^iaV*^:.^a-lJB<VT{a«i -<;r, '.sil'-clt^r.; X?C- :
¦ r v.K>:t;y-?» .'?» ¦ -: i
ilthj^rttSfJpfc.^Mify*' <piSfrnp^ ; Ttitii ¦
;¦¦;.•. •¦••flonii BS/-.AA U'V.AV.^<y>.">>iO-;" V:;'::};- V
¦'P.KG^iAat^'Jr't-Trji / ;rri1e«,.:cf".--'.KorF(rj'.; ; 'tJu'^kTe*; :
:v" : .V-w4ffpn»- *fid'.; har-he.F*:-*.v<»ry ¦¦¦alcrnday- "at,- 1;1'.
; ¦ .- ; : «"ci'o*k:'at -tly>''.12i ; j;'!t ¦st;;-."a-y: : iibivse> feuirintirea
"-.;vto ; .bo :'" a* ; -rejpttf »iijt*vi;-"- .S ; -'WATK1JCS; .-Aflc^
":.'yltl6n'yy^,\ : .Phxine>;E^ti-:?.^...'."-v.--"'"."--'.;-'y:V;:--'.--. : ...'-;_"-:'r.
: A V**rri<W ; -*S ; •* . of . Ti J??r i'-. f \'crj ; . .TV> : i5 ri^fid «y ; : * t.
;¦'.. .Jl.-p --n;;. -"^r .-SiMh r.ft: : ; f vry: hjri=f :h»T:5tvi>e. :
¦ . .«,..- r^ T ,r«U>.n.tr ,3 :..>r ¦¦trntifV •'rrrtjrT.dW-, : "- J.'. .
1 .>":--;'i^Y-t : fc."'': : Ai:: s itU. : fi.f''*r.: ; - : ;: .- ; ': : ' ¦¦'•;; -.-'..• : : ! .';. '-'v'-*:"'. -, ''¦"¦
; '.*]T5^J5AV.. ¦jnirp<'--*'i>:-d/.;.d:-i.v>r'; aiso-ipa'a- - uafle'r.;
J -:V-fk : dOt>-. : i'iiiri .b-' V.c-j.:. Van.", jance;-. ¦:.Appiy- tp; ii.' ..
:.'•-.;.¦ .- ;Sv : 'II -A Nl V."-2>"1 : ' .SKattucV- ; aye:.- --opposUe. '
;'.-";. 'jy.VViViri;- f.tation. .- T - ¦-.- '--.v '.".¦,'}¦• •*-. : - ¦;"-.- V*-Vi : V '..-,"'•'-..
.-;JC'^^E -?»-pu?i«7:' . tvaxh '.;i"or • >aie'. at .-<:'n'ap^s ." H^if '
.'; y*-: n . > V.-^~"."^^ ar H!?t:M-':
>/>':<:\>iu->-jiji^'i.*:c<rr-^
¦.. . '"^v/jhr"?. 1 V : -a^"i '•: .»--n'Kft^'. c r' fi '--.'lX?A.RyiLL/
:..; i ->rA : 5vi"-r:^-T:;.'Hi:y>:v^;^v^-^^^8tfVv : :^
> AT^k-l^'Si^J^Vet-V-iriS!"*: ' '¦¦"CoHegti-iifVrt-"-
. '': :. ¦»»F%lbn.-.»jif gim*i7Mf!*;il'."-';Cajtal6gi : J>y Japr'yiag.-V?."
-.¦?:• : ;i<; : -'.sal?4rf4 1: U> v -hii^.'lilirH : : wArKfipr?e:';"$&i; y
.- '.i;7.;Ayooa*-jt)l,:i-ve.^ inV-ar ahd.; V^lfncta:.;
« i^.E'i^sitfd.-prihy.'rbtipFy; :tGp. wa^osVaT.a /bui.W. '
''• ; j-';tt^9^Vi.^y;-',!iir^^-f.;-<\^\ap; ¦' JwoA iKoti.^piV.-Bt^-
I-"f'--- ¦.?".-' -'II.: i'iaUr'ri. ¦ '.«;'--lr;3.fr:. ciifg^n. '•¦¦¦- Or.fl.ce, "'
•^;'^pft'aj>^dy^:--^ ; f;.."yoiep'nv:-"^^
' 5 iw:i»"fed*iv ; '-i'tr : Bt ; - >»is*VilnJt' '¦•¦ 's«Vajii;on-".
'^'¦ - :^<} ;ci.T->a rt iftsr; JfS I<£;.':(;h.eBp> : . £"C'M>yfflc>n..if>t.'.
. •'•i.srtfc^f ;«>sonjjii ;-ia : -.h*fld-!fxiB.CTB*i:-bwK*i4.r*&H/
.. i ":r. s --;.'^> -t nets', wor^.-if!:< ; irtR;')?efis«*.' JSth-Valfircl.av.
¦ ,-'" : - ¦¦¦'¦'¦ ¦ -^^i^^tM^A^^^ T&tCB: '
> "-•' ,-i ¦¦h'iNTETJ '.'iiw- oi'-itbusW-to ;iet ¦: : *or
-.- . -- u : Avv h .rj.i^fi';-;^ -gPv -^ i-M^t f9?*r'ry ; '¦-.:
..¦»:¦ > ..¦i:;s";i:r:; aii^i^i^ini^'.'batiti^indy.iifsi^-;
.;'.J..'1 ; j.?d.>li0'rr.'j. ; .«G) ¦'.**-. fr ' -Tr**fe i-.-'jrj pUfrh . : : ¦" ' \- \- V- v-', ;
¦;"- ¦ ¦'.• i '."!'; ¦¦- 1" i -.Tijr^^ t»i Wur ¦•prj^.t i j fjyt' xlf- houiea .
; : ¦-'¦ '¦'-.%"':'; ¦¦¥}+ K1 ¦¦v>:iyi-' ; £; :i>q%y,Ki:4^ «'-.-•
¦¦:¦.¦'"¦• .iV.o'.^i^w :i:«-;iL 1 it;ip^t'li*J?illili. i . : >;.;.::;
-. "':.'".. '¦';ri.i> ( -vi.;-r>c.ijs> -¦fifl'-X-"jfci:rim!k;.-UiHi«.raw>
-....¦;¦ ¦;:;i;aM'i:rAt<:;;;!a;«»';K8>a^ri / 'ana jnaRrtlflr^ni;
;.-.-; : - .V>--, ''--iv i ya .v v .:vii:e'.l)J. I i'VR: > j)lJ-yi{o>nt,.^s-.-.
.¦r'\ri^:;^ Mil^lU^S ¦¦¦Jiij.i'i dJVi'KHKK' &' ;: C<^.^
;---v.--'.« Jj> - > — -..-—:¦'"¦ ..; ¦ ..•:: r:\ .¦ ¦' ." -. —^-r^*"
-. ;iJ-.r:<^'.N;.TL.Y- ¦ .^urft.lrii**! .; ; ';h*>n3.V:v. <in:.; v;Pff#i«'ip.-
: \ •; t.i^iichts; >o- lift; . : f^.if.V.t'ej-^.'.'*fV-.*ix..i.i!ili?nih';.v!t^'w.': i
'-.;• ' ¦ : r >> •'• •;¦'•.- i-; Ji? ¦:><>. m*V -nciy.liv j furpl?H<?df-;-'PJJl!';^
~;---.B'6j.e"fi?i^'.'-;-rt;iir+^f>)ii^.;^«'Tti»*;..-s> : (tliBui:''-«in.4ll"
:j"/<..»>-:;..H-..-u--. : : Ajlffneyy ;;>Wy ;Hr?^ ,;-<:i»^>f.'gc>C. ':; y- : J :
- •¦ i r ot f» Es ' r*'ti : s *.? H M jp^jP'Oft "V s At *?•" : j ;
.'i-,< : :;-:-)t".S"-. '0«.te.;arfJ.\'lb^V.1^(^for.r;v.Jf:'iu«sv.sacrr--'
¦'. .-;¦¦.;¦ ¦-. ¦:. ;-lr.a^irjg;cMVL thAVR^;pat>^ ¦'¦:¦ ,-r. "¦'¦'¦:¦;¦":.'-. •;.'."*-".::.-.S
' ";¦ ¦ ;-. T'-i^^^Kn^pXt^-^J^:;^.^/-- San :^X*V
;;:->^-:p-ni;.'-MUJ'in : : ; ! r ;-^irr; ?¦::..; :.t!fj;; -il!^t'' ,' 1 S>)i''V.-.'.U'
:.l k' A:~-J»iif b«r4i- ¦ jifl t a'."-xri».; : .' H':.l iiv- >. ia :^oTofe's :
•.;;:.i::!;\lv;-ljrjJ,>i.;.S..r.:.-t.v ¦i.!'."-X.!vV )-'r:iTi. »--.,.-:J>i'- : t1it ¦
¦:=". ; fehi? nAT;!Xi<.'iv : fiU'XTVi ---^:i;:'. -jo;.«ii«. : -'
;;/^-VfJft- -fi>i;i*;r >« i;:-, |.i:-;i *;- . z-i ;ru rn.; »^< ; fu^iiii-,^ -.;; ; ¦.-¦•¦-;-;
"ix>>"T-*-":V< "iTii: ¦':<&?'¦/:. 'i:n*-'f? sni|[-'^"firtyj'.iiV^nse.'-
"!^o.r'j^^^;«>t^;AQ^iv.i:^>:'i^;:.»i;!i;:i-^:»jta v
¦ '¦• l V--'-^? r T;-' ! r i> '^>'''".T s .?;. a -'' ( ?v"".". ';";.V ;•:..- •;..;:V^: ">'¦;' , :;: -
•'•'.•' -irJVf'-: : -:-/': r ?' •ii'^jwi'- ..;« '< V "* .'i-.i : l -il':'.' x ; x ¦ 'SA*n*'$; : -
v^ < -r ;'r . ; .+« i i k f.i-; s^njl :X?i-}j£Wf\$; "kJ *2^V". : v/-.' -v'-:.'. ":'.->¦.-•-¦!¦¦
J / ¦iPfr'^Ppe.ti'J -; «t.3'ri : iV . w-lt 1'r '-¦' •"•"! •' :Vi • .< r.^r >h it brj ;
';eVe. "•,kvya"K:W^roiuT'tre.a : .t<i:MK^;:j : "v;iI-AlJ :;
¦ ; bt^; . ;-i^ : \su* on ; c'-.:;a'i^e; -'.•;¦ .; ; .:; : -;:-.;. ; .- ¦; ;-. ; ¦.?;¦¦ ...;;- ';'.;
'•i. ! -Si>-"fji^v}>V' : -«}nWr'!!;;'-i>ai'fc«>t": jodepf;^ .;uei;'
' i^ti-rti --7 . r. yv.K ''n;.' ft ». ;.l jh>ndp-,; ;:?1 : W r M^arfi'.. .'; -¦
j.''V'T.^.Fa.»-!i'- 'ctro'Iipund; ;¦ bitch-..;'- : IiciurnT^siy.
. M.'Jnw : fi>F?;-: : i«'\v>)-r-(ij "-•'¦'-'' ...v..--.."-«" •;¦¦..•;¦••¦/;/•-¦•¦"¦ *-;
" '^1 --^ '^ ' : - •' ;'' ''*i*tyJ£'*&'J;- : '¦ If ¦¦ •¦ * : •':¦' '¦' - :; ; ' -
'.LAL1ES.: i«isifing,>affe; :«U"Fe/.e;nd ; VjuT^Wli'?.
;" . '5to6i. J'rrer'u.Ji-rlUes v coarpit'-.-tne--.;at-' o'hee^;. nny ."
. ."¦ Bletliftds • a'jr* -9>»i»ye" •afj>;"'t4alr.je«i «fiia. -retl-'
. ;-v:6lf- . : %>--*iiVe . no- faljur-esi" ji» '.oxofblta-?it. : f*«s.
: <-^N.sti/rATio;N.' akd ; Apyice treie.'.'. ;
.•/Dorp* ;ijiiar«nt<»* ; d!«r.--ho ; j>ajr";.V.17 ijViirp''. Vs.*
'¦¦• . jte'rleiive.'in frll;fem*1e • i flirorae J rs;..call- pr write"
"¦ ;. : 'v.-.rthput." delay; 1 oQirespondejive' eprifidcRtial':-.'!
¦.> JJi'R.'-^yHJTE.,- ?tC Market -el;"." rpbiria. "VaiidiR, ,
>.A-5 t"AI-)lijii:-. -if you are euaferlng-- from tiregf-
; " .-i4iariti.fti-.or- *t>" ¦ttilment-T.Ou-.vrtll' 4rpi£ dts-!
•¦'¦'. •i.'l'r'lptnienjs- .-by ,-con»ulf;nr-:ip.e "-first..' My-
'¦" .K-.^iriod; af; treat«iient -is". pOaUIVt ati4 • hanhr-
-" .':''**'*'¦ and ••! .'g.uaranU'e.."JmmedlSi"te 'relief . frbrii"
¦'"¦'¦ -'any -caute. or -timKe" no charge*. ¦ " Advice fre>:.'
;. •¦/:tirti-..*Tlt*.'-J)K.- S VLTESTEH. .218 Kekrriy".
ii-l'.S.' DH'.-iV-i:.ETH, soecial}5t " torhll f'exaaU"
ccfn-j-.ijijnts .trin '^-regularitlej*: . instant rel ler-
:_¦ <T|>arm'iit*wi<t;i>O'|lH|j*i experience. 82t> Post St..
MKR.-.rJn. ..KO1IL> .reliably ri»fclaii|it for all -f«--
•n-.ale'.. trciilUe* ar.C lrrecularltlfe«; instant re--
' ._; j'ef.-'f-iiaratftfcfl.. IQOS'4- Market et.. opp. Zth,
PR-: '0. W^.O-nONN*ELL— All who are elck or
-. in.- trouble -consult -this." fpecUilUt on .female
cOmjiliilnUrr- positively' corrected; the unfortu-
•r f- •>.>.• (|,.rt: the most difficult case* treated:
. ativice. fre^. jQfBce,.l(M8 Market St..
"X)rs..'Groodwin - .733 Tnrk. .nr. \*an Ness-^Expert
.-.-.in r>b«trtricai- female -complaints; lnst." relief ;.
¦ •'" 'hours. 10 to 6; 2S year* 1 - ezper.
.': Sin?. O/'ALtES. 11-18 Market— Reliable ladles'
¦"¦' *P^clalt«t; "a- .private home before." an'4- during'
;• <-onnn'-roem':.be«t medical rare; low fte«. " '.
tR.. RbBKTi-. resides'- 2»35 .Foleom su, corner
jSCtiii ,jkdiea, re.li«f or n»- 1' ¦ $10. V. ;".._: :
SAX JOSB BKAi; ESTATE. ,
FOh gale — 7-roctn cottuKt: 'all modern !ia-
provenj«nt»: an elogant hotn«; 28 M^«nolt»
ave., San Joee. Address, C. E. WRIGHT,
¦ San Joae. Cal.
! *
POIXT niCHMOSD HEAL ESTATE.
At/TA PUN'TA TRACT.
Sttge; on Santa V -Fe electric road; $27<y vrt
acre; building: lots $100; orchards and 611IM-
Ings $40O p*r a«?re% monthly payments; send
for maps, HA1OHT. 401 California" »t..S.f.
nOOMJ FOR IKU'SKKKKI'I.NU.
A NL : MBEJ:'o! very desirable sunny apart-
, ment», S and 4 rooms each, with bath, toilet,
elevator, etc.; unfinished or furnlsJied to
order; new honse.* Th« St. Charles. 156O
Sacramento et., near liarkin. .
BlRClI.aTe., <515— S good nnfurninhed room*
•for housekeeping; $S. Apply «42 Orov» st. .
ELL.I9, 6ll — Two nicely furnished connecting
¦ . Moms, on« alctsve room; i!»;ht hotise keeping ;
cunning water, bath and pti«nc.
ELLIS, -72-1 — 2 or 3 top flat, back; gas ranger
. porch" -and pantry; very cheap. . '
FOURTH 1 . -323 — Corner room and' k'l.tchen; cortf
¦ • plete for housekeeping.' Ca'll het. 1 and- 4.
FULTON. "442— Sunny' furnished rooms for •
housekeeping; flv«. minutes' walk .City HaM.
HYDE,-; 410— Newly, furnjsfced sunny : roomi; *'
bonSeWaepin;:: • - •• "• j .-• .
KXICKEKBOCKER " AUartmenta. JO4O Pine — *
••• Sunny, .turnislMd-3-room stiit«s; tUao heat-
-«d. electric lighted; -free baths; rate $30 up.
.LARKIN..817H— Nicely furnlshfd sunny front *
room; folding, bed. gas ?tAve:'.reasonat!e. ;..
. J^AITKBT, 2174^-Front sunny room:-.nlc«ly fur-,
- Wished; aliso honsekeeplns room; battit phon»...
. P^OLK, 14Oi^— Snn'ny famished room»: sincl- or
¦-.'. -hoQatJit-eplng;. gas rang*, batB; with or-wlth-
.; lout- board; rent-, reasonable. -. •'• '•
TURIv,' .735-.T J wb"'oT three, .-connecting sunny
•" honsejeeepihj .rooms; front bay-wlr/fcw afld .
". 'baeR.pa'rtor; suitable for -2 genU; -reftt <10.
: .VAN* NESS ave:, -' WJ-rElenant sunny suit*
.. - h'o'migk'pg. . rhis. .In' modj""cor. ".flat; -reasonable.. P
'.ADVER.TISEMKSTS. subscription's receired at' '
.'" C<tll hranc'i office, cor. Duncan and Church *sts. - -
: HOXrgB&EEPlKO. BOOM3 'WA»TEI>. ; •
; "5VAN.TEI>-rBy.a'ycAirg" riiarrled couple. 2 fur-
"¦'.ni8hed-"»oom3.ar>d-'-kUphen.' with; Ras Tange':*.
'.-• -'bath ; -BQrtTi of. Market' it., -within lsr.-mimitea.'.--
. "¦" walk" • from' ."K^afriy- and-. Market."-. Address. ..
"'¦ statin*; .trice/ box. ?11.- 'Call office.-. -.
-MAN and-'wife; vcant. 3 furnished rooms, with.
•' -;')fas range,''f6f-*ijou!>«»lteet(lng; north of .Market .
¦'•" »t. and, cfose- .to " Third 'and Market; pleas* j
;•.. state '-rent..- Box 420^ Call offlce;"-.. '-': . ¦
;=¦ " •".'• "- ; ..: :.AJ!AB'ratEHT . gOT7«eS. ¦_ . ¦ ." .
' A^-i5T: -. ; Hli/.ORE '- AgAftTMEyTa^-- 1 . "
;> '.-•'^^^i^i'.-flr.; : -NBAR""aEART^—^r. :
: ..". '.¦••Wili/be'-jready 'for occucattoQ"ln."« few •',.
¦'• -ffaj-'s.-: -^verythlny- ¦ new.. - Make your - • • ••
V • -rejerVatlons now. . Elecantlr. furnlslMd" ..-. -.
:." "apartfiitnU. with- private bath-^Z. 3 and."" '
•' heat; electric" Iicht;e4«-." . -
• "'..Vatoi: prlTate.pUonee; rates : reasonably. " • .
•A^COCRDOyA .¦¦¦•••" .'..••..' V
"".WITI be flrilSHed March. 13. . • •-.¦¦•¦¦:' - - " .
•^"lfcS4.;sUTTEJt ST..-. NEi-CQH. '.l."ABKlri".8T.
" '; -BeaQtKvrIVy light and sunny; -2-3-4 rooms and •
:-bath'.eaeh; .a)J unfurclsWed;,$27 60 to tifi.'.-'.
-" .Salty 'ffwn^lOM -. now'i : : • .'* .-.:."" • ¦¦ '. •=• ••¦•' ;
-ST.. CECILE. ¦•llS-.Fejl. a boy* .Van Ness— Th»-
'¦ '.'. «,crr.e . of -perfection', in • elegantly /urn. - 3-roora '¦
-.'apartments; 'private bathiC steam heat. el«c-'-
¦ . <rlc.Ueht*. elerator. eas. -ranges: $30 tt» fit..
iST- ".T-CUIS. J^75 : '3'aclA;on.-«t:'"-r Modern' 3-4-5 .
- -rifomsr also s\ngje;-furnlsh!?d cr unfurnished ;
'¦. -•'maj-iiM', view,: references. . : Phon» East ia.V>.
¦ AthOftW'- rorner'.**cottd a'nd-FoJsom.sta. — J»»w
-':'¦ House, V-n»w -furrfltTjr.ei'eVery room . outside;
¦ '."• modern.- and ' sttnay :• "pTltes -'from "%V .00 p*r. -
- : - week: ti>;":thiai-ls'nir onJyMp-to^date house. In
.•Vthis.viciriiry; ftt;t.-cla"s».i!:Vtn. attached. : '
;a"— URt^S'A'JCK-.jiousie. "J4S Sixth st— Rooms
¦¦:2octf>.H tier-.nljrht; $1'.23 taJSS per weeK and .
.." .l'lg'ht.;..hou';glte*r^n8.."r''-ctoflJ fipenall Right. .-
•'5? r ''?rhe"-Ahnonte.,'"-^T3.Mayket sL- (or No.'.l
.' :Elfth : st,'Kr-Roftm!'..".23c. 30c;-^l,.^l JO Ufght;.
• %i BO : :.i.S.yi0:fwcek"; -housg open all "nighy ..'
Jil^RXTuTt;- UZti VM[ar?ft"(old; No. VMft—Fut.
V ; ;ni.';jr'y'4."rootn.s..'.sblt-e.';B.lit^r»: -alpo" unfumlshad. .
' .CLIirEbTtn: "aOf: Eilii.;cof r.er" JJa3on-^-Elesrwltly
'y'-Jttrj>iittfii-'.*iian3!. rpcnjsrt" .prices." reasonable. .
vCy.MiI-tN.OS- UTJiV)-: ;&M "r!o«t nr". : .Ta'ylor--Just.
¦."Vpp«hed; : :de8'lra*t-y.-loca.-te.i: .iunny.sln^le rooms) •'
; ..MdVtJii't'W.-'A'i'tij^lvate'.bath'a, -hot. and cold "
•V.Wfltfr'..*teanj h»ai, "electric lights; p.Kbn«-. every
; :.' rown;. -felVva tori' ;.-Pho.rrp •,E.a'st : l.'ll7'-it-"deslre<l'.
;Ei"JJIS, 'Cli-^N*ic>iy.Turnlfhe<l ¦'suhnj»';sulte: also'
-.' V'sjftgi e N -; gaitqb'.e : "t w{>v lad les ¦" jpr-"jtftntl^men.- ".-.
.^LLMcK"E^. v 3p.-\b«H^O:'1tlA^ti'a'n<$--it'a«p-r j
.'. ;T!iypv'.tMrrttehe]d .-fj-.(>nt--.fcoqn>s; to. Jet-.-'.. : '.,; ..' " •
¦EU^iohir^JiW^Ni^iy^^ •
-. : . light .-.^u.nriy.'. '.;.'vV'-.^.--."/.-".--' :l : -'y *•,'¦•.-•-. -.'¦ "
JTOFt Siiin'Kie.-x'erfilfra^h^-lti : priy.afe---h6me Ino .
/-.¦'other ;.Wj6nje.ri>j.'-,a- -' larsjft." :'^uriny.' . 'furnished
.- i't^tv.y^thlimVl.^Ajob^roti'i • • btocfcs- f mm : .
-,\ park «i(r«rn.G.e •sj'nd.'.S"' Bucks' '.framipanlianille.
;;:.'-A'drfreyy ;^)oi[;." : ?.Cg^.t?al1.fl'rflcy.;. : -:.:' '¦'.¦'•';;¦.": .
FliAiS' KLi.Kf».. 7-21V ririv Gpid^p'Q^te ; aye.i-Pucny
v'.".fay^; frtorit-..rb^mV-:all:->i>^v.e'nie.nce's't ; $8-$12i : ¦•
p'Jt.VNjS-Sou^hafn'.v-Tili.'a'nil 'MU*lon^-Rnorns-3,-c .
-;. " to.'^li 2.5;tflfj hty$ £.5f\ tq."$6" w.k. i". ireatttnjfi roonu- ¦
:-GK'ANT.-]s.te.V. ; 7^- : Nicely "fUrnfih^d- "sunhy'stilte: .
::. : :&l&]^iu&f:Tcou}s'i'oin:'oT lmp;.$2 up.--- ! '-- '•'." ..'
.GbfiRaERQ; 2i2^ri>J:r<r«iy -rttrn/sned front room..
r..;w)th ; e^;»Hhbnt .board;- 'tath.; arid gas rrate..' .
: ip.p'^irX.r.k^.isLti ot-VxiH^ Wtate's-.MInt— Fo? .
"" r,ji'Jticd'.TC<»m.i ."-T)? J?:' *10.pef. month. • . - -.-' •
; KE.AR.nY," '..3 t-zijtittty ' t uriilsaed -" suhhyr front ;
r -;.rpo"mj/-^KuilaJbW'.-.f"or{bfflcei!.. :¦•;.•.• : ;-'•-.• ¦ "• :-
-JiA-RKlN.'-iO25r-T-SunDy-"-'."fr6n-l': roonij.-'-prKata ,
'.; ;famHi^.'gfnU«nten- : phlx;;.;eall''aft*r'-2"p.' m.'.-- ".
. M A SON,"- Sjr^Klf panV ; new.' -f iirn^shfed .- room* i
'"¦';. g<:'ntTeirieri ; ; .suirrij' j" lights'.' .tia'th.; r»as.
;ikirA'LIJiSTEl; : v.'-"4l2; Pat-fiv^sunny'froii.t'rjioinjr;-.'
¦"•: "J^iy-^WlJldorw-s^".- .;¦':': '\.'.'-:'' : >- : ¦J-'-.'.' ¦':' ¦ ' -.¦' '.•
lO'.vA A&JzLli&tiXf-'-FroTit ;*u'jts./ele»;antly- fur*."";'.
i-t-."ril*6 on'e.;sliTgle-.*'uitaf)Ie. ior : 'i -gen.tlemea. .- . .
.1?OST; 'SS-T;'" riftfr" Hyde^-Lai-g?.-. front' furnished. *
; .- ; :'r.opm:. bjiih,-; ra»;.runnln>t-wat»r.:-:.l«>r -2 g-'nt* •.
iR'OVAl, II'Qu»r»;"""-l?G .Rliis— 4-ncanaesceht light*;"'
¦•• rtiad.liJ£r- : ro.otTi.-.."smokin'g:-TiK^nt and latlies* r«r-
:. : -lor:", reenrs.-mf -'nigiitl -XSc'.to" $1 CO;, weffc. S'J
•'t6/$S'i..ili"onth, ;$.8- ; to^$20; e'leyatp.t'-'6n cri.u»id
';' ttpor; roo.mi»..w'ith.'- : bb: : :a'n4 : coM ¦ water;. -baths.'
SIXTH- .aye : .,,7.C6,.iicat ¦Chilli* 'Just 'off Cold-n' •
•¦ -. Gat«.';Paj-X-^Tti- laJU-SMjnfjjr'ijlshed' .toonn»,'-?10* :
•.¦|a;.month. r ".'.--. .- : : '.- .-¦; •"•."•.":' >~^"^ ¦'•':' ';"' -. •-... '
TfJREG." room's •'iuifurnrsBed.'.-JlS-OO; furnished.
•; •¦$ts;oo,v..vjiat6nt9'::E.mt». ".Bur;eau. -3« -.Ot*tT*
•''¦;g.t.-« 'jfoom-24-i :.-:¦ J . : - '- : \ ; ¦'.'¦¦" r.- : '"' : '•'•'-*-¦•."*.
• T L'R K;.- SijJVr-N m* ly -.-t.o.rnlah ed."-. * un' ny • -.rwrns;" '• e t "
' ¦¦.'-.su)i.»:'.'ot" -gJniH 1 ;..-;tr'atigl<iit|: : just. ..opened. -"...
. :^i^^S"i31S^ET«gpiftrTt!O^'jW6nMT t urnish«d ;*
, : tO ¦; 'i~: . - ; .V ;-.--• '•¦'"-.•,';'.' • ', •__
:i^rPEpv5?A?KS5tet.'Edd'r. .near^ Market^-4«o'
'. ' - racin*."-35c ..'tb-".?L nf/5h.t. |l"75-.to $« ". week ;.'elVc- •
':.¦:• 'tfic. 14gMt$ inp • ga&y t :*tjtn&tvg water.-" In. *c»ry •
" ;;: frbchi;?-. -.ele>atoP,"rf a.^: -Yoq'rn- free," buj< : baggage.
"V'A : i* >KEfS9:,'fl'ty*.; .''oi»^EIeitah(;' frent' parl^rV
• ¦" : kfiA^»S}f iiilag -'-eUitf. tor o/flce or. ctiib.. • •,•
" :yAy.-:.VVJN;kLK. "?fti ' J«in«»^-Xle.e : iy" ."furnishe.*!
'. : •¦TQOrt>s,'..f 2;^ft"u"riny;. fuUes", -;$p- ee.r-.week ; ¦ t.-ath^.
¦ r W.IXX'Kfc-STER" ¦"Hatpl;". A ;jd stv. "njar. .Ma.rkft^-
• •'•.MQSt'-.cooi^iUejri anrf 'r*"sD?ctable:"7C0- rooms;
"^Sc-to *.l.-60 '-'nlaht; JI3-'to;?S'<wef.fc'. **erato»; .
¦-. e.iec,. Hgjiis; rea(«p'g»/y>m; fre-.bus: l»ggisf./
' .V/OlLF.'. H6ii'se'2C2. Sixths Electric: ngb't In every
•' :'-ropE>;--15c--to.$.l : .a n|shr;.7i5 to : .$3 a week:
- "Qjien air'nlyhtrcohygnlent.'io- a» ca"f». "
• -ADVERTISBilENTS. *ub3crfptio'ns ffcVived'at
" ¦¦ "Cail '."Branch of fice", -.cor.- Duncan ¦& .Church jts.
' : A : BRANCH -.bfflce Of The Call "for the reception
: .o'f advertlsemente-'and- subaeriptlbnii ha« been
"- .-". opthed at. .10G8.' Market /.sC.-ODDt/Slte .KiftB.
¦¦ ".'ppen until . H ; -D.'m.-'. '.' ' ;'/-'¦
' ...••¦•. '¦. ; •n«o.\is^;\MJ::.iioAnp;
: ".;." •" ' EDO EM ERE HOTEL; • ' '*
' "-73V Bush ¦ st.', abov*-v Powell;; -.select first -
¦•'.' class". ie»Td«ntial hotel; el.rsra'ntlv -'furnlslfed
'* \ : -arid t'aJJle 'unsurpassed:-, electrh: "Itgbt; (team
" •' -heated" and. prlYate :: ex«banKe.-lelephon«» in
: • -e'verj- -room;- terms: rea-vSrtabl*-:.- .- .
" :-. ".- '¦:.¦.¦-.¦•• B. DU CA'RPE. Prop,
. : BOARD for" the ' summer . In. a nice private
home -Ih San teandru: ope nb»r"s rld« tu
Sap/FrancUco;- all the' fruit', vegetables, but-
.1 ' ter.- eggs and chickens; home raised: accom-
':. " pioilations first class' ; and'.hom«» like: r*t?s
• . : very' -reasonable. ' " Box. 4270. Call.
'. '.-."- .-'• -'."- ' HOTEL- BALTlifORE'.
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR OEART ST.
. • " SELECT AND -FIRST CLASS. ••
.• ' PHONE PRIVATE EXgH-A.NO_E^706.
' GOOD: flrsUclasB board. use"of- bathj ck>«e in;
: . %* W ' per week.. -Agents';- ¦ Jimp- :" Burtsao.
'-- .36. Geary s'u. . room 1 24. - : '-..- - *"__^_ ¦
HOWARD. '841A^-Flrst jclas's. board with -roo*n.
' •'= single- •or 'double' ?4 50-$«> v«ek: American
•/ ftmll^l hbme cooking; hom^ comfoTt»; Pta^Q-
•' .*' .-Cohtihned'-qo. Page Fonrtceo.
!«©REN£R "DOES TME WORK .^PERFECTLY
FREETO WANT ADVERTISERS
....IN NEXT SUNDAYS' CA1>L;...
' -^ ¦ —NEW AND USEFUL- ' ' .' '.' '' ,
.THE P&RFFCT CAN OPPN&R^I
(THE LATEST AND BEST ON THE .MARKET.)..; •" Patent Applied Fon .-,
¦•'•;.; • ¦[:.. '': V -.. No. More G>%&t Fil^^eFS • ':.;¦ -•;•; -':.Vr/. ; -.! . ;
ONTOP;) ¦ : -. " : V. ¦,;¦;•' y-V'/y-^
I %$0& WITH 'THE .' :;.^5: ;.. ; xf ;: ht; ; .- : ;:;^^ i
t&W PFRFFCT V |^M?
r"AKT y^ppimfp
UKE PAPER
Adjustable to Cut Any Site' Can. • .' • . Leaves No Jagfged Edges.
-V" : v 'O^Guts
;.... DIRECTIONS,.... .
: '. " : - T q 0pEN ''•'CAN 'ON -TPR" ¦•¦'For^V'poiHt'-qf-barvi-rtfo-ceilter 6ttop. o; -unsealex} ¦•..^r-sm&Otlu qnd: of" cah;
?£%i£ii 6v«t until -thebar ? s ::parilfc! : WitH ttie-:tap,:ixf USin^'/Set -fela^'-on^pp.-oi ..cian a^wlia^eYeT.;
¦¦ Sntiy - h ? n $" : -' c MM v i^.^ vr c$u j* \*p\*;czv--]>y: top) ; v: ••.:;•.. ;v
'.,•*• ' ' •'. .- to' OPEN- tAN' I^RQM Sli'E. u:i -R'^nWfr.1ab6l('f^m;'ciir, : ! =i. Force, pioint ;:.int6\c^.ncr;cc;-itcr vl-t-ap.:> .'Beird :.
¦' W top: ..tfifh iotlie^ liarid:aiiri"cut sime a^Av.heo.ciUtin!f .top:.," ti^$tyj^6&^^M;b^ftd»j o.i -^ar T-cp:-,
•'and ; ru^«v6rily arbuhd V«ig? af can ¦ to, irr^ir-^y«?iV." rc0h\t .put-. •. -I f ..tfe;Vit1e :£$*$¦¦ cape* . oaj : ;^Hife".:c.ittH.njr. -pf : .
¦itiTOwS'P "JtfWr "TCirfjust W4dc and ."i-hijt jiiire xuttial^ .tiJiliViblarff fellies.^ajyo^Mi. -ol ; ,^xparti; -AViien :^op x c?n ;
THIS WAY. NOT TK1S WAY
You cannot cut yourself.
.W&Nip, T0 OPEN SQUARE CAN ' 'FT^i *
C * n ill , J Insert point of bar in each end of can and cut two half L-<^s»J . */
r-.--:->r:"?>v /:¦¦-' -¦-¦¦ v-s v ¦ : ~.-':'. : ': : .-'C:--v : : : :VC-'--'- : '• > ?.¦''¦ : orcles.; : like v.cut. ::::¦;••. :-^. -:¦.,¦• - ¦;.:¦ ¦¦¦.¦•:: : ;^.«::-:-..:v.'---;^v' ;V;i >v : - : " r-- ; - ;:;;
. Y 'Befort Opcninj
0{>£^ - - ' ¦ .
¦'y~:.fi L>; VV^*^p.^;-> y^' : •.? e^ t^d .,^by- -jn-^N".^ •;" '^ /
::;¦ "v--:;; .¦ ;¦ • : v^- : "¦:. sitting: a. W4nt- : " Ad;rin : ¦he^.S^nd^^'s.%CaUi'v'v.'.v\ / X'&i ->/ > .V..: -^ '''. ir. :'"¦ : v'.-;. :/'• -/ "•:• • v :¦ v : -':•' ¦' - ' \"- ':) "^¦•-'^ :
;\";..:^.^.;:-.: :.V}:-v;} : ;, ¦; -^ur-' :? !^N!JrS iii;nfe^t :^uhciay's:'CAL;i^ imfcyovi Will. 'ihc.'^V.spea^ng '¦'. difetX '0i9;)\i;-4/:?£\ ' ¦
r ;. :.:;':;: ;-V;- vv^'J&yij'r.-SjiKjp IrtfKula.r^-s'upsqribfcTS'of.thfit- popu-iaf and' -v.aluaMeadvietUsinjg'm^iutn;. "It is..- :v '.'-•. •v-.'X''"';
;ybu-.-v-.;. : o' /, -%/
• : : ¦•-¦".'^ ; _ c : ; .--"''3re. ; re'ai.ly'
;^ "V >;ur ; : - .v -.0 ' "' v^iIt^-^
and advertising your wares. ~ - "' *
Prpmiums can bi> obtained by p^espntliw? a.dvertlieme»it» at:
;.'V-.';'. ¦>>->:>¦ :'¦'¦ •¦/•" r" .¦'¦'. V.' : : '-;"..¦.:;. tipffn -.until ' J 2-fl.'clc>i-k- n.vpry 'night'ln:. tb'c;: -yfa'C..' 1 ; ¦¦:;•"•' ' ' - ;%, v v.vr-'v- > " ; " : .' ".'.-• : '".'. '•' ''• ,'": '"" :¦''-'¦ '"'A'~'.-. V."-; ' -V
BP.ANCU OFFICES; ' :-
ir^ \\\KTTi::.' .-¦:.:¦:..¦:, ..¦ :. ;,•--. ¦¦;: ¦/¦;/¦ '-¦?..'¦}:}¦ .-.; -.;.'. '- \-
'X^y+r'i.:.':- -"^'^.¦•''f : : : • .^Ti^loutgompry' &yr«frt.v<-ariif?r.x?Jayr t>{»ien"-.i|ot'iJ':9 i : J £0 : 'p..-:'m. : .:-,.-¦ -:;¦;.•:. ;.^ ; ..:;' ,.;¦;-;•, ; •¦.:-.•¦¦.. ••¦¦.;•'¦':•¦.•.'¦
¦\- •¦;¦•>.."-¦-:•.•• •,.•";.¦;:: ,.- • "• :¦ .3QQ ;iiayea afreet-; open. J .3?V p.:fti.->: ¦¦ : "-:"--"",-V;.. ¦"'.-r"-.--"- i: -. ¦¦•".'-:' - ; "•¦..• " • ".-„";.- • ¦•-. =:•;. - .' :; :"•.:".•
;;.;":v^,;\ -.*.; :•"-.. ¦;-,..• -" -\f. j ;ft3» r^Ai)!»t:ffr.'.')st^c'i<\9pw« : iintil O;ap'p.:.iTivy ¦.¦]¦'¦'¦¦¦¦ v.-,V;-:- : v::- : .': ¦"¦.'. i..'- ¦¦¦'¦.: .>-••••.-•' "•".': -•:-".:?. : ;' : ':':">.-v :
,-V.'-\.' "'.C-.'f' ".: : - :; : : r .A ; ;3> :: '.'.-*'v-'"'" : v % - ;; .V'\--;' : '-"'- i ¦¦.¦'.•¦'. : "-"-.' -.">.. •;r : -'v v ''¦,'¦'¦¦¦¦¦
'¦¦ :.;.;. v;-;:"/-, :-K"-"V- •"."- .- : ; -'v 1^.41 -MW.sldh..:is:tr.p:ftj -open-'. tjntlj .''3.0 p,';m;" .¦•..¦-".¦/••.¦'.• •¦'•'. ..- v 'v .' <' : .•"•-¦'-; ; - ;¦•'-¦•/< '•••-'• ."•-.'•.."•'.'•.: ; - /'•¦ ' : .----
'-7:' i: .'\:: ; : ":". : ~ : --.-v= : :"--'.--230-il^-rkipt-^re^t..«oriicr.g3xtPQnt!i;^^ ¦¦¦.:¦; : '.-' : -|; -•':¦'.• :' : .. ;-,-':.':! '.-.. : ; ¦..-•-..
-.;•-¦,-:'""'¦•¦ •¦¦~'--.",i'.-- ;; ¦ - ; '••'¦ : ' l^.;B3l«\^H^w^frV^iroJ».«it-^'rtl41t'9-^.v?a^-'V.,' "•••.".¦' i : "-. v -- •".¦•..•.¦..¦ v,: •.:,-•: ¦.;.¦'¦• ¦ ••".¦ •-. ¦' :- • ¦ ": -.¦."."•.; e===L=*'."".- >'i '.-'
: ->V.:'.v:-,-^r^'^ " -•¦"•: ¦'/• : -"-l:09*;'\ t 3lo;n;cia":^.r>^>:.oiferi.j.Tjirmt^^^^ •; : --^-'. ::: :' :•:-':•••'"..: -;• •-' ; -' •:"•¦ v" ¦ : ~^v:'--. : i'v; - ; -: : - ; " ; ""--
¦,-:;.;¦ -ii-.y?-. : , ¦;:;•..-;: •".¦¦¦¦ v '"' ¦" ¦'¦ '-.V "•:;-. ¦:.-'".' ;i ¦¦¦¦-:• *:'.•.
:.-.-:-.:V.v ;-Vi'.. v-.r-,:.--./-- ;. ¦¦;".-;yoi : tii.v:-/r<t' .<«Yiroi-.'TweHVy : s^ './:-v?-"-'.= •¦•.¦•'•: :• ' ; -:':-- :i '
:i ; :".-;. : "{v;-;*:';. -I'.';' -;".'J-,.-"; A.-.^i ! ;?? f^:;^n»j'pre.;3|rt*y;;Vejreir;.u^ -•=;vV;'v'. : X- :^"':.v?."'.0v.-: : ':.Vv :•.'•:•¦•:': •>'' -VV'.VV
OAlvf.iXD" OFFICE *
111S B-roddwajv.... » Teleph-one Main 10-83
'- ] " „- • ,'--.< BCRKiiLEY OFFICE: ' -*?....»-'
8148 Center- Stre«t»: '....^ >l>lepho;ie Korlh Tt
-'" - * ' ' - . . AT.A^tEDA OFPICfi; , ,''•''
.'^C3.''^V'"CiV';--f':"^';^'^^^^.4ey8/^^'•'''¦ : • . ' • 1 2 /R-Last. Qt
— __i_i_-__ — *tt. April 7.
. 4 . ' •- 5 S_ " _*¦¦* 9 j»> New Moon
10 11 1C ( 13 14 15 18 y- April 1.'.-
. , i_ : "^ First Qt. •
.17 18 .19^ 2» 21 22 23 April 23.
-*— -»*»- : --— — — «- 7-^. Full Moo*"
24 25 26. 2? 28 -29 •$© f<£) A»rll 23.
"i 1 11 11 ¦ «ViTii ¦fiiTi 1 HiiiiWiii-Pift 1*1 in H~im**mi mt mm • "iwii — wnnrr *"¦
El 611 pl<gs .fr«*h fruits, 235'pkgs ' fresh*v*geta
bles, lll»10,lbs Orled*fruit. 430.000 lbs. jwlt,
41.310 -lbs malt, '.1820 lbs mpals. 1 312' bxs paste,
143p lbs ¦ cheese. ;11B2' lbs-, butter,* 4. sljs onions.
203 lb^ harms, 36S lbs- hops.: ::60 * gals wine. 50
jacket? syrup,"3100 lbs chocolate, 32 pkgs grft
cerles and r!rovlsjons,"20 «s eggs, , 11,200 lbs fer
tilizer, OCKV lbs selphur, 1 7'pkga acid, .100 tins
matches. 4- cs ¦ hats.* 15 p£g3 drugs and sun*'
The • Etfamer • City, of • Puebfa. which . Bailed
yesterday ror* Vlctorfa.; :. carried an . assorted
merchandise cargfo ¦ consigned t« th« ' port ¦ of
destination • 8 ml <• the | principal j British'., Colum
bian ports-"' The cargo • as • manifested- up ¦ to '3
p. - m.'.was valueA at fl2,Q00 apdlncluded the
follpwingf: :xiiT0^0?«t&^'S^.m^'i^ii^r^
••Merchandise for the North;
The BrltiMi* shlji-CTUn 'Mackcnzin "is chartered
fr«c lumber from" Ptigpt Sound to Cajlpo «t 33s
Od, with option of thfee "port,s in Peru at 42s 6d.'
NEWS OF' THE OCEAX;
Matters of Interest' to Marincrg and
-. " '." . Shfppi'ns'Mcrchaiits. # : .:• !"•
.THE CALvL'S CALENDAR.
April. 19(M.
-.The iicm^ton "uncferwrU'efs : apparently- ..ft-id.
liitfe- Kor>«--for' the. BrltU.h*' ship. ."La-morna. Ixi
tti<> "re'borted o'fs-fhat' .vessel by'the.
f<chr^on*»^•.'^V.. H. Smith,- tlje rat* ot relri
sura-n'ce "to ¦•dcowecl ; yesterday- only" /R.Tppr*
cent... Tli.c. I^s-njorna. is ..now quoted', at: 75.. per.
c<nt'aftd at that flgftre tnajiy local s-veeulators
bfc-lght her yeniardhy. "to .arrive." . The EnKi.C'
horo. *ind* Gacta.no Casabona-.are quoted at *10.
lje*-.'ccnr. "• ," ' "•:'¦•.¦¦.• ' "¦ . .'. -'•
Still !F*car for r>artiorna>
Gfjorke Edmunds." ifas *!cpt : from' 4ne .Harbor
llbspUal'. yesterday .to .the ' : Clty. arfdfeoUnty 1
jlornYtal bo.be- treaty .for avneglecte^'frjictuVe
jcrt Uic" l«r.: ."•Edmu"n.*s wj^a sent'- here froin
«reenwc-od,- \yKere the doctor, rnto* whose' han'd's"
W "had fallen lfied'to- jriend "the", b'realj by-.
.bllatertnK' liie. lefe. .•T-he' : .tr ca * ment was -nof
a. success a*n«l as .Kdtnunds w:as; berfnlless. thp.
Greenwood a-dthorlt-les «hlpped. -.•h.lm .'her.e- to
8.V0KJ : the -.'e-ipenec- of administering to; His
•fte^ds..: .. • .-¦' . '* ; . ' ...- ' " •'..
BIJKtcr fpt Broken .J**r-
Hcliobtier Eldorado Ashore. .
The tp-It-majite'd schooner -Eidorado, Captain
gmitK '-is • •' reported 'ashore" .In = "tr)e'- Tangts*.
RlVef. '. The -Eldora-do' letf JTuge't^Sound Jlinui
ar>' JO! with a cargo ot luntb.er *for* Shanghai..
Is^ws' »t hw rtranainc tfas 'received- yesterday
in .a cableKram -<ehv"tp Sande'rs &-.KirclinHann..
the ¦a-si'nt'i In, Clxln J city.V Whether "Any-'UVes;
wcre.l'pst -or :«1>eth<*r tha-ves?eVs- pre.d.lfcament
is i«erioT*s.. Panders & Klrchrnann deeUne. to
stat«, saylnsf'that.ihef-e'detalM-ar^'^fc Jnterest
only t.tj-.th<fpiselves and. of. !no concerji. to. ar»y
feorly'.-rtrse..' '..' .•-••':.•.•..'••'•.''•• '.¦'"
''Tlifi-Etdpradp ft a .vessel pf.-7B4 tons -reglsler;
Sh^-was--bujlt;in 190? -at "Aberdeen. •¦•..•.'/ • ¦' .
•'The sfjirJ-UalewoodT,. which, arriy^fl"
¦VtWnfepday.- -nlghf. UTO.'day"-! rrom Antwerp,.
c-«cqunteted 'p.- wrrlflc HuVricajje January' .11'
In* 1-aitud.e r>-«±0:sQUth...Ipn'fliude".7(J.5.7-.we'sr.
The. storm was 'from t'be." west * and tile., wind
fcte-y Jvlttr awful force. .The ship was. hoy*
dOM-nv-bur the Iiis-lr confuted sea - .^P'- "decks
antf livlnt quarters' flooded until oil. bag* w^re;
brpueht out,- .piJnQtured 'and hunjf gripping
6v'c"r .the vpssH's-.sHes.- 'TJje carrying -away
ot tb'e-fprp and- mlzzea" lower- "fopsaJlf earspd
He ¦ strain oil -the " shin" «pd "-she r"ode out tlte
lo:rrl/aii» - p.rotevted'-.bj' th"e <]\l. which -floattd
al'l*'an'iund arid took" .the temper out .i»f .the
water- mpuntalns-whjcn befor« ha.d. been ro.Ilins-.
oy.er "the vc-s,«<-r.and- constantly threatening her.
Wl(h..'dest-Mictlo'n t • /" • '. "• . . * . ' " '.- ;" '•.
6il 7 Cnlrais 'Angry. Sea,
•Kxcheque^ .;. ;1S.. l?i U'nlon'-.tTon'" .. '". 9Z: ¦'¦ PI
«iould : & .idur.- • -4".T. •:- 44) Utah'.' . : ..; .-. : i " 19 . 21
.'Hal-?.:* "Ndrc. .-8.V..:6S| Yellow." Jacket . 34 ": 5«
JuUa-Vi; :-..:. -OU" C5J- i:'- - .--. . • "• . ¦
"•."••: " -•.•..-tONOPAU.'MtN'ES.- • ' ..' ¦'. ¦¦ :'..
¦ ':"¦:'. • - : ¦'.¦ Bid. Ask. .'.; ;.;.'-. • -.".: Bid:-Askl.
¦Oo!ehart.,-.,« ! . •^-- 16) Re»cu»r -' ..'...'.¦. 117 -i\%
.'Esperanza .^. — • '.01|Ton Belrhont:.:- Z8 ¦' * '"'*
.Ulps'y gu>tn. , — .31) I Ton & ;Cal;..'-' 21
Gol.d Anchor'. 15 : -^jTon'- Extea , : . fiO -7i»
I.Iannapah '.. ;•>— ' lOiToh of • Xev. .7 50- S 50
MaeNaniara . 21- 241 Jon.' N Star... ."I '.<—
Mlzpah Ex ••;. ,'j -25-; Ton Midway.. "35 : ;'.*?
Mont. Ton.'. 1 42'A1. 45ITon Superior.; — ¦' W
¦Paymaster .-.. 05 . O^MTnlted Ton ,. — ¦ t::-
Ray. Ton '.;.. . 1.1) West End". *.,' ~-."20
Ray &.OBrien. — JOSJ . ; : . . • \ .:...
FliOW OB 1 . CALJ^ORN'IA J-IVKKS.
•; The tolibwlns; table gives a comperatl-rV
statement' for tw o years of the estimated flo*"
of certain California rivers In cubic feet r"«r/
second, or second feet,: The. Tgures for rt».
last year may.be revised by later measure,
meets,/ " The figures are. by S. G. ' B*nneU-.
bydrograpber. United. States .Geological gurvsy:.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT RED BLUFF:'-.'
." ' * . . • " ' -'" . ¦ Second Feet. .
- :". • DATE." • .-'. 1.
.: '.: -. •"• .;.-.' . 1903. I 1D04..
.March .20:. ...i... »....". 22.3W M.JMO
March 21.. ."........ :......:. tt.SSO *>7!."*1
.March' 22..^; » .". 20.300 -iH&fi
March 23.-".. ......;. ....-:..-. tn.SOO | '4«?..-Wf» :
.-March 24,:.*.....;. ,;.. 15>.*yv> ., 4|.(?iV>
March- is. .'v. .,'...:.:..:¦, :-.'r 22.as«>. !¦•.*¦(• 700 :
March 2&.. .-..-.". ...".. ..I 27.06O ( 2t>.70» ?
¦ ; : TtJOLtMNE RrVER AT. LA GRANGE. .
• ¦ .* . '.-••' " " -.'¦ •¦• ".' .•'• * Second Feet. ¦'¦
¦• . " DATE. " . ". --— 1-= -"_ — —
- ; •'• _- ¦:'. . •••: • .1903. 190*:
March 20 :.V....."^....J -2.0W) " 17.t«O -
•March 2t..V. ;-...'... „...:... 2.2HO • »35«» '
-March 22. .-...'.I '...'........'. 1..W0 • T.0H
.March 23.V...... ..'.'.. '.:'.... ,1.%.V> • S.2CO
¦March .24." ',;..•.. l.SSft . «.<50
March 25.-.".. .'..:. ...',.';. -..^ ..-'2.2«rt " • .1.200 .
"March 26. ...i.'. .:..... 3.140 4,493"
¦ -Thlr re'port does not include water takeji
out of Tuolumne River In "-canal of the- Tu/- '
; lock "and -Modesto irrigation districts.- . " '
'.'.¦ . KINGS RIVER AT SANGER. - V "i
• • .. ' Second Feet.*
" • : PATE. ' • - ¦• 1 *—
....-• - -1903. I -18OI..- '
March 20..".... ...,..:. j..>. " 1.10O 9.*r*>
MarcJj-21 ,1.035;" 2.913.
March 22. 1,100. 2,03t
March -2S.. ........... .". .". . . K10O 22. 420 •
March'24..." ,...'....'... I.73S • 3,120
March-25 ..-..» -.4.300 . 2.3TV:
March '23........ •' ?.3.«*i I 1.8S2 •
. TCLE K1VER, NEAR PORTERVJLLE.
••• . •_ " ' ¦'.-.. . Second Feet.
• 1903. 19O4-.
March 2b;."............"..... "1<3 ' .397
March' 21..- 1K-"J - ' SSI
March 22 v ..v,V... \KiC 22« ' •
>Iarch"23........... ;. ,22« ."] 3,33.1
March 24. - 324 I 440.
.March 2V "• '....'. 685 I 29^
March 2C.. ...:...........„ 440 | Cip
'pom jrift«id:-Frtinv. ri»ge» -;.Fif teVni
GOMMERGIAtNEWS
¦--•V:' Ci ¦'¦' '•'•'\'.T6.''A. i pkivB,.v':-|: /'./;¦;; - : .•';•"'/..':
.""'•- -Steam er'.'/.'i :• :'-v '• '-'' ; ''^rjOnr. :.--- : " :-.'-.! .'.. -| ;©u«;'>;
.l3eVNQtieV/i.'"<?>**eeni: : . Clty ; -. .'. V. -.'-.• .IatpV;. '^1 •:
Ch'a^Jfel-foh. -'Sa'n'Pe-lfo. :^ ¦.'.-.'.•. VrjiTAptV- 1.:
K-hp.lr'o .}.::. . .. • ' "<-nos'-Ba.y\& :Pr. vQrCsrd. f A pr..- .X
•Nejv'port.l.-.'." : .:K«w;Yprk.V?a'.Pfl.n;4t-38L."JApr. : '• 1
.E-Jre-ka.".. .'. ,-/ -HiHnboMtV-.V.'.;-. •"¦.•."•. ;;;:-.-| Ap.rl" ,1 :
M'ontara ¦.'•.-, ':'. j . Sek-tU'e "..V. '.'/..'. . V . '. v .- : .-; I Apt, ' , 1 •
.Uriiatlila.:-.-. J.| -I-'ij^et -^ound" -Ports;';:.-',fAPr..--."!-.
r POhjQha ; :..:-,.'; Humboldt . ". s ". *¦•'; ;>\.'.>'.Upr. • R--
M-. Dollar;^.-.. *.San-..Petl?o.-,.^."^y;.-;i;;j Apr*; -2-.
l B6nltA..;:.\ ; ..S>-s-.p - dri;tAV'a\y'?*or.ts, Apr./ 1 .¦"?.'
1 Cprohado:.'. .' ¦ JCrihays -Ha-rkor i,»;',>>;j,' Apti'; % ¦
'Arcata'. .'.-.j'.. C0.6? ¦Bay '& "Ft -Orford., A-nr. -'*'
State of Car.-.,-; Slaft. Djesu.&iWay' I?ts.' Apf,;'..'4 .;•
•Oregon .;¦.¦;¦.-.¦- Portland- &. AstorttUA ." Ayr: ..:4 •
¦Vchtura;'..!-.'. V •SjrQM&'fk', \Vay.'\Eoii$:. A-ir> "".;-"4;..
" Jea'nl<> •'-'.•'•'•'• -Heat-tie: '&?Tac"qma. .". i,- Apt..;'/ : .»'
Spokane.'.-.. . '4 Ilunll'ioidl-.. .'.¦...-.-..;... Apr." .5:
¦Ncn'b-JTg: .'. . .; drays.: lUrbbr ;. -.V.,': . .-II-Adt'.," A"
" Brtakwat"5r'. '." .New/)rl«an-i*"-; . itJ.i V, . : ] Apr.,* ; -B.
.Mon'aona . 1 . '. , S'tfifplK .".•-': „ : :-,'. ..-': . .-'tATpr,- .'A
Senator. ..'.'I 1 .- • Puggt. Spund -l?orts -|Apr - . '.d
'Cfty of Para... Ne>W'Tork'-vfa.-B!inatna:.l'Apr-. -."I?.
Sa-Ht-aRqsa. . Ka-n piftgro"S:-."\Vai--Pts.-,A?r:'-:..7'.
¦ K<5r>a;... '.':".'. . '. "^h.i'na: &,- Japan. 1 -.'. .•'.,.-' c.-IApr". : .7 .'
O:' : rt\" Elder.. HortlUntl ; & Astar.ia. ....-! Apr^ -ft"
CentenniAl-'. .rS'attte ;&^aisJ>rtiai.i-il!;j.*}AprVJlQ :
fial'nlf r ...-. '. ."^1. -Seattle •"& - WJiatcom" ..:.: .. I Apr." 10.
• ' "* '.¦'¦:. '".' ¦'.'.•' ' T P- SAlt:.-- • '. <' : - '; .¦..••;••.'.
"Steamer." >•. .". # l)estlhau6n:- •;' I Sills.-I PfeK
;¦•¦ ' : ¦¦' '.-.¦•" ¦¦•'*¦-.: April -'.n '.' '¦)¦-' ¦'¦¦'•'\7: . rTr V
Czarina .-.%-. .Coos Ji&y direct,;.]. 5".p'n> Pier'. 8'
Centiinnlil, Seattle. &'• Tacoma.:} 4'-nmtP.ieir 20-:
'.Elizabeth'. . ' .Coqullle'- River . . I -*JlO afri'Picr.'2/J 1 .'
a;-IJnda-uer Grays .Harbor. ...^*.J 4;i>m|Pi£r 10-.-
Spokane Hlirrtbpndi %.*;•.'. -•.'.ll-.-SO p Pier. »•
s;cru«.' "San Pe-dro".&. Way.iJ 9 art Pier 11
••.•.¦'¦¦ •¦ • :A;jjrii a; •• .1. • ; . ".•-. i
1 Argo: .".¦.;'.'. :EcJ . «4v'er Ports-.-.-.F^-pni P,ier" S
- Alamp.aa^ , : Honolulu.. ...".:.:..• * 1 1 .am Plef.-' T;
.Coptic..'.".'., f^hrlna-'*; Japan'.v.'. l:p»n- pi.er.'.4t)J
City- Sidney .N. 5.- Vra J?ai*anta..)'l."-"nK]Pler- : 40.
"G'.-W. Elder Astoria .&' "Portland 11 -arhJPlef -ill
:;=•••' -. •• .. -Auriiva.;..: •¦;:;•¦ ':;-:- .". :
Eureka., "¦..'• "JfurrrboldV .-. ;...-.;.;',j 9- ani Pier. X?-. 1
S. Rbsa.'. .-'.' &"Way. . 11/aniiPfer 9
':¦[.'; •¦._:;• v': ; 'April.;4.:-" , f '• • " •"•-¦-".;-.
Pomona, :.!,.¦ .HumboMt.T.. . ;". .". . 1 :30'.p rter 9"
¦•'.•: ' •; '. . ••...•.'. ; Aprtl.5.. ¦¦". ••" : .' :; :: *A • "-'..
•Valifuicia... •Seattle &°-To.c6infiai -5 rm Pier."0. :
•BopUa,,-. ."/ •Newport •& ¦"Way:': '9 a-rn-Piefll
. limatllta,.'.. .Pu»-<>t.*ojlnft- Parts. IV?* Pier • 9
" Cordriado;*.'.' Ilafbor- '.,.'.' .4 pn) Pier-'pO'
-.•<¦. .'• • • v April 6.' ' " •••¦;•¦::•.•,-
ArcataV...i Coos' .B. .*• ft", Or.T.aJlO B.nirPler-13.
• •••:• ¦.';¦•. t -•¦••' Aprils;.: .. •--,;¦ '1-. •-....•
OrpKbri.. .-... Astoria fc-.TTor'tlana II ani Pfer24.
• State' of tal" 9an Diego' •&' Way; 9 am Plej-^IV'
(iuraCao:#.i. .'.SJ-jxican. PoMs" "-.:--., JlO-amlRler IV;
, . • '. •• . .- •"••' 'April -9.V •-. . -'¦.-.• • ", :
JaanleV.:, -...'. "Seattle .&. -Tacoma. S.'-jun Plgr. 20
Ne-^ixjrt Jf .: T.'. .via:' Eanai^ l£ m r.iar -<6
'N"ewburg.»". JGraJs- Harbor-.'.;-; ..'4.pm Pier" 10
-¦¦¦• •' " V-' ¦¦' -.- :• - April io.. . •. .'¦¦ •;-..¦•. ' •: "
Senator, j. ."; **"£<* Sound ,P.orts-. jl-1 -.jam PJer. .9
.:•• ' .' ': "¦ " " • FROM- -.SEATYtEJ" :: : ".: -.."'' .'•
/ Stea-i-e^.:"^ .- f. ¦'<';¦/':.¦ For. .>'.•• 'v '.•Sails.'.
1 'Excelsior*^'. i ValdeX it-W^" Poytj.'. "Aljf.' .i.
:Hurnl>bld'ti.".".;J .^khgw.ay &? Way. Port's-.' Apr. --i'
.I)olph.lB...'.*,- '.Ska-K-vay.fi "Way-Ports'. Abr.! 4
',Crtjrof S^attV Kkflarrta'y. *.\Va.y. Pb'ris. Apr.* 6
J. "Dollar: '.'.'. "Vildrt- '^Seward ...'^Apr. :9 •
liftigp.:...::.- ' SlcasrWay &' Way";lSorts. Apr, 10.
'i-trth'a"...v. >..:'¦ V-aldbz .& .Way .PqRs.-. Apr. 10
::':¦'•• ' : :'/:"'• : v : r - :•';.' '
Branch- Hydrd-frairtiltj.. Offfce,. ."C.'-.S.* NL ; . •Mer-'
¦ -'chants'. ExcHarige t Sftn. Ffancis'co. Cal.i
•- March .31. TiXW. :¦ '...••¦".-• * •
i:- -The- Tijhe "Ball- on. -the -towel* of the Fewy
bujidl'n^r -was'-dropped. exactly at-nbon to-day —
• I >.. .at Jipon .of\the..I20tH. "meridian.* or at *8
p m'. Grc'en-wlcth." tfme. ,S. C." .BURNETT, *'
'• .' •'.-'• ' : . liUutenant.' U. '$..¦ Ny. . in- chaY^«: .'
... *...-•' • . . # ' : -r: ? V ". ¦ ¦¦•'¦' *¦¦-*!-¦-; ' *..
" ';. „ -Sun',: Moon, and Tid^.. . ' -
.Un'lteii Staics- Coa'st-'and" "Geodetic •S.urvey-*-*
• .'Time and 'Height of High an<J .Low-JVaters*
i. . -a'tj-port .Point; cntra.nce. to San..Francisco.
!; . Bay'.', *Publ!f-h.ed by official authority, o^ ,th«?
j. • • KuperlntendBnt. . • ..'•.¦•.'¦".•. ' '
' ."NOTI^The hiKH and Ibw.'vaters .occup "at
the-. "r!ty fr6nt (Mlsslon-'street Tvnarf> ¦ about 23
niiniltes la.tev; thajn^at. V'pr^, Point: . ths' height
of tide , is the ' same ' at both places.. ¦ ." . • •
; ' 'FRIPAY; APRIL 1. •• ¦•'; ¦'
¦ ir— •"••.-._; .'. .- ¦—*, ' ....-: ! *|
Sbn fkea *. ....".•. : . .5:S5 I
Sur- sets' . ..'... „. . . 1 .,.»'. . ". .'. ...".... . . -. . .-. ,'6:33 I
Moon rises- '..'.*. ....'...;..:.......... .,.8:04 p. m. !
O 'jTmici ' -.jTlme s-:r,'-.' ; Time ' ¦ Time "
Jllf— — Ft.:- 1' Ft. — -— Ft.' — -_ Ft-. :
. : *;-|fc' i W,.-.; i -JH ; : W ;...-..: L. W * H Jf > *
1 Bis."! 0.3|12:3Q 5.4 6:00 1.3 .....|
• H-W .- .L W " H W , 1^ -W- .
2 } 0:22 : B.7 0:42 0.2 1:26 -5.0 BM2 17.
3 1:04 5.6:7:31 0.2 2:22 i.S ~-;m £'>
"4- 1:4(5. 5.5 8:27 V 0.2 -3:22 -, 4.1 S:12 '2.1
5 2:30)? 5.5 0:2ft|50,4l 4127 -.4.:: 0:121,' .-•'l':
i;6- -3-.21I 5.0 10:251-." 0.6['B:.T.1 4.2|10:ifj ' , 3*2 :
•7 4:22j >4.7 11:27| p.T) C:38 4.2111:421' 3.2 '
KOTE— -In -the "a"bovo exposition of the tides' 1
the early: morning .tldls arc given <» the left
i for New 'York. • ' --.'•
drlet;' 13. i>kga,maeW--ery;vl(Mt 'JbS'.pf--. c tln; '.{$i\
•3t>s';leaf...tb'ba( t co:'''15O plug's 'jrocrfln^.' 4j«j!htifar
•'monia,' -'4 .cs arrriH.*nd.'..8-n-murittJoh.- : 4S T>M?.
.pdfnts.*ai»d...bl.|8.*- "44 .bales. ; twjtre,' li.4S0.lbs '-ss'r
phaltuiri..'_39..b-il». paper/- 10" pKgs..-at«eJ/- . • ''.-;¦'• .
Mqyc : aicpt. : ."of.'.'Stcaniers.-
.'Qrsrah sola.'. Harry;- Falz:-.v retha-rici, . Sfwior^
Co-inselof.". Geors*-.Borchaf.dt;- .-cello *plo;- Paul
.FKIe'lhof ;r; - eulprjV :fctsf ; Gfi|id • CbuiiSetor V.
1... J'u<le1l;. sppfapo-aplo',.: Mrs.' Paul" .Frlisdhofer:
.rjiemorlal- bii<lT4Ss.'-Jley. -.Dr^'.. Jacpb-" Vop-rsanjccr :
origan -and Harry- FalzV.PauI rrled>
hecfer; -prayer. .Pasit- -Counselor : . Or^nr ' 'Bcld— :
wiahn;. s«Ji>r»np. solo;, Jlrr. .Paa>'.rtlcihofer: "
:• .; jG.pJ.dej- ¦¦0a'.te : Co'uiJciJ \6t. the ' Uii'ited
;Cohi rnercial- Tt^ayelers. wflf hold : rneni*
6rlai-'aefY{ce ;\n Elks'" li-ill"'flextSunr
'¦ilayj&t Veriittoii; At .2-o'clock lajtriempry
ojf :. jthfr.;- iollpwinj^.' nairieid: N William
>^rahk r>IUtoh; f:liai^ .:Xate;. Ja
cobs,; ; M^es- .-Bdruch ¦¦ 4n4 ; Charley ; B.
iowJjjg ¦T-dliv.ibe. . the .'pr^er ' ot the ser
vice* •" V ;^ '±i";:i~l~ :?' : . : :r.:'is. :; -:.v:--'-:;-s-':
Travelers-* Memorial '.$efy ice;
BRttlRH S;HtP."T;'AMbR-VA;-:WijE.OK-V
• AGE: ...FROM' *H|Hil HAS BESlX."
" -.-PI.GK'EP". t'P A L».VG'. tHE" VP*ST-.. ..
: : i?r:. -St^'B.; Swift ofi.Mairysviil*: to. "a ; t
tji^-jjeifi * f .-;;•;• /f:^;$ \.-;: "-iWf:l ¦¦^¦¦}'}
. 'ii.Ypj DabrieV,.' ari: oU jnah- -of :Tu
lareV is ¦¦ at -this ; : ;i4ick.: ! . •>, ¦;¦'¦• " '-A'^-. ;: v ; P:
il-ernpliis. ¦'¦¦. and • Tvif e' krjei -regiatejred ; at
-;.::;-V; "-; '¦':[. f::^P:}^.^ - ;
:/..-pVv-.ir. '¦^¦.)-^obkt^o^/.&nd : .vvite;-oi.
liivrernipre: kjt* staying: at. the. .Califorf
•nlav"" '¦['•'.¦ r'll '~:-'Sr-'- •"*••£¦/¦•» ''•v'i'i-^-'O
P^RSONAIj.
'. "•'TChe" Tjoals/ustn^this" sl'ip • have.^made
.rhissi^Sibefbr)?. but .fort-utjat^l/have ha4
roprrt" to p:et"-ci;e.at,'bac"k p.ut-and
:iTia"ke" ;anathcr.' : -try;- Unfortunately- S<Jr
: the Qity of ."-Pajvjfbn, , "li^ever,- she-. -was
•lying at tTi'e 'erid'of ' WasTiingtdh-st'r^e.t
-wirart'- yesterday* when "the- Tarrialpais
fallal j.'tq .negotiate" according. --to • the;
pilot's '• iiit critiqns- '. ore .. the- •• f ef cy.-"
boat's . engines regained 1 -control ' oi '..the
TamarpUia'" rno.vcrfnents :-.ihe'"<ide carried
her "v.-itlil terrific /force' sg4ins u t;'the-C'ity.
of. . DaXvspn.i -whose* upper ; jv-arHs. [Were,
stove .in arid;- Whose ' inachlnery '.-was
liriork"e(l.'6>at;o.r a<?mmtesi6n. -.The"darn.
ag-e" tp-.tlie ''river 'steaineir. t's estiniatfed'
atjiiorc than;^ico'O". ..;.;. '•'.'••' " •. ¦• -..
..The.-jrlp for whicti the'Tamalpais' tras
makJng'^i's -the' ne.\\'..wh'e .¦;re'eeritlyr--cqn-
Btr-\ic£ed! •' at '".the. :' - f oot ¦-. of Clay' ...street.'
.TVhen . thf? :'sJ.iD was- put .•tntp-.'fisB; the'
Vaptalny.of .aji'ihe.ferryV.boats' fiie'd with
•the- Har;bpr.."'c6rnjnissJVnVrs...k -i)r)ot.fest;
•in'whiich they, pointed' bu'.t tHat at <;er-'
ti-'in :.&ta : ge3. : df." the : ti/}e Yt'jv-o'-jjd .'bp'al-.
mpki ¦¦jrripossib]e".'for.' : 'a' !fexr.y. steainer
to -iahd there. 'Trie objecttons" of these
practical, "navlgatprsv : ho-A-'e'veTv '".the.
[board •ribicVUe.dV, TJie he.vf "slip was'put
into/- cbrrimission.*. and- has-' been -used
.uhUV.y : est$F^y;'Fithwit' accide.nfei'. ; : ; ' .
¦ •{The "fl^odi from- the : river .-districts,
¦pouri njr " i n ¦ to'- ii 1 e" -harbor '; haye : : . addeci
many. ;Cold'.:t6""thc '.eccentricities' cjf -.the.
;tldaV -iurrerLts.'".and;. -this. -new! slip ; is .50;:
placed .that ..at- times it; isi.unapproachr
able.' .-; >*.... "V ".••¦". : ''.. '. ': .':'¦.¦'"'.: '.'/;;,
;.-|^'e'.\f«rTy;rtea^^r^T^malpals.-mi?"s^d:
her -5Ui>" '.a^' •'I'he'fetjy. dfepot: yesterdajr
7nor^Irig ; .-.pij :" ; th_e ';¦ : &U6 -t rip'Up'.' this.:- sjde
of; J)a^:sp.n-,V ; i^^H^S.Vop • thft; ve^F
consld(ito'blfr;"liarftWgPB^>. Tf^-.TajaitUv^ija
;^\'a-s biiinjiirbd.. • :.- ' /.-.'.•."'•'.•.•' /";i"- : -(
f':';'.' 'l.:: : '•'-¦•:'•' V: : .:: : \\Vvi^"- ; :-:-'-'Vi'
I'.'" :••-.•"' --"> .'•.'..;•:. -,:¦.-.•• Thi'rsd;ky;;.'l5arch-'31..--"
: ./.Stmr .CentraHa, ;,E.rlc>son,- .52 -'houT* : frtwn"
•San.' TVdr.p':;. •• :, > -..' . : : •: • •:• ¦'¦¦ ¦•- -' "' ;,': - ' "' •.;.;'
¦ Bftxic' A!F9.*ar.-. JoJiiik.ai'; 1.3- hours Troni' Creeni. 1
wood.- '••'• -•.-.- :'.••-:•'¦ '. ".¦•¦..• '..¦.- •" -,•¦ .-. .-'•¦¦..'¦,¦ v
'•.-'. B^nr'. GIbisj-. : L^land.'.iai-i-durs- •fj-btn' '-Mo'n--
. I ch»jv, . ;>* - . ; •• •... ¦•• . •:. :• ? '.; • .:* "./:;/.. • .' :¦. ¦ ¦' A ' -. ' v
.•.•fJtrorAicntriii.'-earteo'i-;,- 4? .hour* Trbm 'Al-"'
.* a-trar ."Laridlngr. •" . "• '¦•:" ' -•". -. . : •'. *¦ : •¦"J: '.j -
*3 JScmr.-'Sinta: 'Rcwi;" Aleian'd?T' 41' hours" from'
¦ Sdn- .rn.4B-u-..' ; ¦ ;¦ ¦; .- : -'• • : •>-. .••• --.".•;- .:¦ •.•.•:••:• '..;..
-I'Stmr-.aiiaglp^-'CbjrBltis/ 4.:hburs.' fioirr'iiarf-
rn'con • Pay- '•' ¦ •-. ,. •¦"•¦:•". ' ••:-¦_'¦ '"' •'.¦ '¦:¦¦ •¦
.lulu;-.''.- ¦...-•.•-¦¦¦.. .¦•.•¦•-.¦•.• -"V- ¦>••¦¦> : -." '¦:'."'.".¦-• j
: .Scur IBa A.' .Ckro.Bb?^w!» ¦hclirs iroiii'' ; BodeeaV.
: : ' Tv-v.) ¦••¦..¦•:¦•.:.¦.:'. i^EA^ED..' . -•; :'.'.. : : v : / -. .- ¦¦
........ ..•..:;..; .-.-. •;.:..;; Thursday. Alarch-..-ai"-» : ;
'. Stiijr. Santa Criiz- '^icOlsen'^.San "Pedro; P.a
slllc.-caa»t--.-h't»shi'shti-i-.po-fl-jaiHy.-" " ''•'• ' "•*,• •-•'.;'.
v'Stmj-,.- ."C^ntennraV -g'trand,. Seattle';- :E 'T
•Krusip.-."•', ./.;'.; -,.:.i.. ¦•.";••• -.¦•' ¦•;¦.". -¦•-.-;¦ ; •'.'.•¦ ••-=••.
'.:. fief *<ihir'^rnaflsf Jjnse'i^
.to'rla;;.-.j: 1>. Sbr;ae.kcf».;.&.;t : (cos ilo..-'--'.'.- •'-. ,•.• .-•
: > r'i/ - : : \-v>\.\; ;SAit£i>..'':y' :p> : : ; •• '^-.'u- •
-. • j' .¦'• •'•.¦.;' : j; ¦'- '•"'•' -Vhumlay..-. jlarcfi v'31:/-'.
¦ •¦;Btjn/;-^j<Kle;.- - C^r.nln"B;,-.Ka.lfnv»p'-j- Bajr," ¦••-..
€«Bt -?<?t;g-; qf-^CaJitornia, : .Thomas^ •" San
,'Pl?jffi; . '.-.•-. --". : •."••' •¦ -. ¦¦¦.-'¦ - : :¦ -. '.'¦
-. ; Stmp' : C}t,v pC":^u.p"Dla',-'Vrep9iE-ji; ".Vtcfocli," '' C
••_• Srn;r -Jerthitfj" :E-i.s»'r/<?«K>ks'"?rtlet-.'.- ¦ -.-¦:• •';' '-.'
.VPtrirr^Alcazarv Jofin.soH, ' GrefeiMyooit. '" ¦ "'."• ¦" '
• '• RtfjirCM'ti-alla,". Erlf.fc-ifiin.-fira.yii '•rftrbo'r. •• ' ' :
.;ffBvr. .G C. Kindaurer. YA!fe>n.'.-Ofar« KarbP'r:'- *
•.•.".Sftmr iJdfen'Jsan'..' Coo's- '"E(a>»','— '- ••
..- "/Jot .stojp : 'Anii»sifl. '• janse'n,- ii'ajnbni-i.-.' * '
-;• TiriK ••l.fa'rfjel-''G.- ;rVtefis"on. ."rtjdfts^ln*, ' ' " ' v
: . ..Pvhr- Alii;.* .Caakp,..r f en!}air»7-V. .Pan- aKMbleC
;.: .i-'-cbr JfrajrWft '.J>lrrdatih. codOshinsv • " ,:>..: •• •
•"Kpiir' --Ara;Sr<>; .WJinson i*Oil/iEjiih"a;j' •¦: "• ¦- .'• - '.
; Bphr J>«i- j: -^njder v rflv*j[i»fl^:;<}^-wAirt»ar.:
".'• : Hchr,-Qnwatraj-.. 1 3"h<jnias..-rcquill« -Blvef." ••¦
••• p<hr i>rcon, -An.dfrs'«)ri;*Fprt Bragg;,". '•' ..
:, ¦¦ g.efjr . JGSfrjh'.: Russ." '.Qari<kr,.-.-"—^; •; •• .' ':¦•.
• :¦••¦ '¦¦'¦ ¦ '*' • •' .tiEX.EQliiV.PH IC.'.' ; ' ¦ " : ¦ ¦ '. ' ' •
¦--HOIN^'L.6pOS,:Mareh.3J, jrt.p ip-lAWrtfer
"ha«y{- wfn4 .\W; velocity «. miles' per hour. ' •
¦ , •" •» -I " ¦'.— ' .- ¦ SPDicEJf. - ¦:•: ' : ; :'. ':¦
Rirch 12-*La't.5rnpftn.'ion 2O wpst.-.pr'snitj
•5Tratha«n,: {ro-nr. Ore-j'dr>, for-QUr«nstown "•
,. •' •: "; :¦¦¦ -. '.-' VtiMgSTie. ports. ~- ¦' :. '.' •¦ '.'
: -TAXOpiJII^I'asseil.-out Marcli . 3i^-B r : «nlD
Dilnregoa-n, -from. .'Everett, for" Sydney; Br'shlp
•I.ilnlUJiBowsfiire, .-' frprti-.. Vancouver. " for 'Fr»
inahfl<::'jSch°t- Alary:- E Foster, -fcgnl' Port filake-'
Mey,.-f<?r ttonqlyluj -Sifnr-- Edith, -from' Tacoma '
Fra-ncitfc.Ov.-' .. 1 ¦ ' ¦'.':,".¦
v. Passed., inward \Jfarch Cl-^-Bktn llahaina,
•hence" Marcli 2o.-.for Seattle. •••¦ - .-.-'" • -T7
/.•.-fACOMA^Aallcd'- March -31— Stinr Edith!
.fpr.'^afi -Francfscp. ••¦••.- ', - 7
•-PORT- GASlBI^^Arfll-ved .March 31— Schr
Prpspcr. -from Port. -To.wn-iend:- "-•-... ... •
-¦ : ASTORi;v— Sailed" ".Marj-h- Sl--£chf : V|rr!nla
tor "San "Francisco.- -•'-••; . .--.¦••¦
. fiEAT^.t,Ef-*rrlved . March-. ?.l— Stmr Geo
T^QO.D)is.- : hence -^larch 27; 4tm"r Gify' of "Seattle
•frpni £>Kaf"Way.. ' ; .. : " • •• ¦
" •¦ HUfclNUME^rPassed; March &l, 8 p ni-^Sfmr
•N'ewpPrt.- {rbm Panama; and- ttay. DOrts, for
-San .Franctscor '•'-.:-- : '•' .•'¦•.•'
• EUREKA^-.Salled '.March 25— Stmr Mary-
D'oflge-. ff>r;$gii Pedro.--. - * ;.-• '• . . .- . ¦¦' •
¦•/Arrit-ed .-March" 1 ".SI — Strnr-. Eureka!' h«nce
M,arch 30." ••.••.'••.•.-••' »
¦;• fiV r pRElT-^-Sailed '.March y-igenr ' " TCm
X)J*en. (or-VSa/i ¦¦- .*i- ¦: xv :. • ".- . ..
'.•.'8OUTH...BEND-r-Salled ".Marcli 31— Schr Ce
cflht frpnV San- Pedro. •' -'¦ "•* . 1 -
••" SAN PEbR(>i-°Arpf.red MarcK 30— Schr Ban
•Bof'.'ffom Port Gambit-. March "-31— Schr X'F"
CoatS. .from. Cohimhia Ri\-^r.' .."...-. • ••
."''.Sailed'. Marfh' ; -3V^-6tnJrs. Chas ' Nelson" *nd •
.Melyllle .Dtollajr a,nd" schr Emma Claudius, "for
Can •' Fraaclsctf:;. fichr. . Marlon', .for Graj's
HarMr. 0 .••. .• • • . . ":• .-•"... , .
..-OR.XTS ' HARBOR-^-Salled' 'March 31— Stmr"
Cdrona.do.'Irbr-Kan FraflcJsco;*chr.Chas-'.R-Wil
sb-i; "for San '-Uiei-ro'. * • '•:.'-.••'¦ '
;•..•' ¦¦'.; ' 5SllAND : PORTSc ¦ • " • .
•¦jibXQI-tJT'.U-Salled "March" 31— Stmc • V«n-"
.tura. .for .Sair 'Francisco; .stmr Sonoma ' for
•Syilncy. '¦ . " .". ,"• . ". . ; , ' •'
." " ! ¦ .- .' . f ORIHGiV POrt-TS. =./,.* ¦ :
'PANAMA"— Arrived MarcH 17, not 13-istmr"
..-AJXJpA" UA-TT— AVrlved March /2S^-Br shlo
Duns ;Law.' /-"oni 'Oreson. ¦ -. • ". * ' ."
••"H6XGK«NG-T'Saired 'Marcfi Br .stmr
Erhprcss qt China',- for, Vancouver •
• KIj<GAJROnE— Arrived" March "2»— Br : stm"r
Satfuron. /rom York," for .Manila" .
". 'FIvEETWaOD—Arrivcd March. 2J>_Br shin
Croco«Ule,.henco.TCovS. for Llveroool r " nlp
.'. IjONDON — Arrived March SO^-Br ehl D w«
dale. h«nc> Oct -21.- ''.•¦• .--.-..,. *"¦
' ' H>MBnR<3— Sailed Mar -S7— Ger bark Pal.
ftn. for Santa Rosalia. ' " . " M "
¦ UUXKIttK— Sailed March-. 2S — Fr barft
ftrlzeux, for Oregon. * - - . DarR 
' CpRO^EI^— Atrlverl "^farco ' 31— Stmr Or--
PWladHpMaT , Konolulu; and sa .'*» Apr t l 1 tor
' ..TOKOI1AMA— To ' sail Anrll -^-Jan stmr
Amprica «aru, fqr-San Frsmcis'-o - •
. SYPNET— Arrived prior to March 31— Br
fitmr Miawera, from Vancouver • • .'
. • MVERPOOI^— ArrlvwJ March '30-Br shin
erocodUo., hence Nov.' S. . -. • >*^ a . r s . h|n
• .'. . •OCEAN STEAMEUS! * -
NEW YORK— Sailed March, 31— Stmr Moltke
for. Plymouth and IUmburs; stmr Barbara-'
ro»a. for - Bremen;' sttnr JLa -GascoK'ne. for'
I Havre. . s •.--.. • • '•.
tUBRAI^TAR— Passed March .ti— Stmr Vic
toria, from Onoo. for New York
' Sailed March 30— Stmr Koenlg Albert for
'Now York. • ¦•_;¦ ¦ . . .. . ¦..*••
GLASGOW— Arrived March 31— Stmr CotJn
thlan from New -York." •¦«¦,". - ' .
; .L,£VERPOOLr— Arrived' March .-31 — Stmr
Iberian. • from* Boston,* for Manchester - '¦
ifAVftE — Arrived March 31 — Stm» L^
Savoie. frcm New York. '.. • ' •*
HAMBURG— Arrived- Mar«h SWStmr .Graf
%YRlderse?. from* New? Yofk. . ¦¦
.. XAPIj.Eir — 'Arrived March. 31— Stmr Cala
¦brlH. trom New Y*or^. ' " ¦ ¦ -, -.-..... • .
• GENOA — Sailed .Mareh '31 — Stmr • Citta "dl
Torino, for New York: etmr Umbria, for-New
.Yo*°k. .' • 1 "*irr~n ~ rgi " ' " '"" j.<»>*HL." 'I . .» Jj
• QUEENSTOWN — -Saircd- March 31— Stmr
T-entonlc.'for .Nc-* Yprfi.- ••; • - ji*u**^
' LEGHOUN— Sailed -Warch 5l— Stmr" Alseria,
Bliiiipii^ I
"* * •.-•¦» '. -. .
h4.na- co'luovA'. and- -.the. -succe'ss^ve •' tides.-. cbf'.^he
*Jay'ln*f.he ;ordcr-of. 'pc.cnrr.ence -s(s''t<* iljqe> th»'
fourth ' time \coluh-n-.j-lVes -th>j • lost ;tl"de 'ot -the
•dftj;"; °exV-.epjt J Wbert--tKej-e-a.fe.'b'u.f fhtee'.ti'des;- as'
sorn^UrficS. o'e'enfs. '. -The hrfi^hts.'-. glvent'.are-ln
addition -.io-'the- sbun'dfnasVoX the- Unit** Stat<i
¦Cosj's't feuf>^y" chart s;- except- when- a" minus .'(^y
sifen : - precedes {be ..-Height.- :A'n& th+yr th* riurnfeer
glieh <i^ «pbtfa>ted •frbnv'tBe" d^tii/given- by-
ih.e charts;' Th<} plAh* ol.riferj-iicift.ls thfi^mes-n.
bf the" lowpr.tqw ; waters! : •: .-¦• "•' • •'..•• :¦'¦¦ ¦ :.-.' ¦
•;•¦ Seha-.tqr ' Perktos 'sa'y.s 'his' -actipn fh;
the " rhatjeV;is:Jn -;n<»y^e.'H^ffe'ctkytt
ibpo'ti-Shafterv 'aV '^ei; '.;P6rkins,;haS •beeri/
for. yfe^r's •the.;cohki9terit.. f ri.erid/ pf ...th;;e.
vancefti^nir/" ?*h?.v'-!onT[y'/-;^a'9on;;.l.fw
is ,f IVativlie Biatedv- lie; i^d: 1 ple^tg^d; hin>^;
self" ¦pn&vfb-isly : ;i^t)ife; «upp*r^<>f ; ; : j?^ :
governor. ' ' jf arkh;ajh, • : 'C *f K6i'-. ¦ ;^"; when -/a
itoe^'beh'-^iieQn^eW^as.in^^ment^l
li" ' ljayiitg"-.ttie : - ryome . .J6cate<j : .at. l»ps
Angles;"'; r r.Goyern or -^^Kh^my-lives : .at:
•Pasadeila ;Tvithm ; '.;a ; short •.Vtd0 -..of. -.- fhe:
,h" pttie;-' while:' Sftaft^CltVes ¦; ¦^¦'ifi.A ¦¦5.ai» ;
FTahciscOi ¦>'•.' ; '.. : ••--" -i. ' =-. '''':¦¦':'¦'¦ :•.'.. .;':;• ¦;-.¦'..-
•'.: Before. Its .ichorce-: was'-mjide, 'hci-Vi
jrurance's to: -f brmaf : ..<i6Ver.nor ¦-rir^^'rK.^
ham- that 'fte. ; -wo.u1<l. name-Tiicn.- fo't*'-i he .
honor,- fin- re'signih^ th.e ¦p6?itloji : :h^
has VheTd ¦ foir. . sri" je^rs;. iijajpr -'^Borvr
*all .ijid-:so. iiWa-Vor; of ..f^rmfirvGoyetV
npr aja^kh^riv".'-.- /..'•': • •-' ;•... I ' ; :""- - ¦¦ V- •('•' ¦¦'-'
day s ' ag b;- fftar^ing; -Cfenet&i:. >SHai<^e'r s aa
one. of ' the. mahageES'.ipf. 'the 'Jlatifrnaj
'W^m^^i^^T^^i^^^f^apy^i So%
diierf, to" tilce'.±he.'plac4^ of $&*!&$¥.%
H_: B6nsaii7;I6cal • manager rbf" thx-:* P^k
;ciftc; .branch,-; wa»^-: jC^^-'-^f??*^^ 1
¦whpre-. Perkins Ijad 'th.er 'flamtf
iqf; 'tqrfner .Goy^qr; H\-';tJt. ; il^fkiuipi
siubjitituted for'.triatf <jf Genprai. Shaft^- :
• It ai>ne$ir;W'that •G^nejal\§hafter..|j : a3
nor • jits : t riepdis'. dine- so" -for. vhlm
¦'id either ¦ 6t :'."th^.Ca'lliqrtIa75cnaiojsK::'Ht?;
s^lecfipii.^vds n-'a'de in. Vh? /0f>u*<i Q>t&r
JfuHv/ '.' :• Vv-V-"":- •.•'¦'•¦•' rli*"'?-:-? -': "v
Spic'lal. xrf»patch: to'.Tbe C*il.
$ejti&&js hand .Bard; Declare
'OJfiat; AitioiiK^ot k Ee r
.yaectibrt oft; Oe;iierkiS"after
REASONS ARE ; ASSIGNED
Former- iGaveriior ; ; of Cali
fornia «eiect# as:Head o|
V the: ; Home fm Veterans
CI^^Str^ef-LaQding, T
: ;• Oorvdernri, Yielcjs Objec:t-t,esson Which Shovy?, JHow
']¦-.¦ \ facing Tides Make it Dangerous at Gertam jTinies;
FERRY STEAMER TAMALPAIS CRASHES
INTO CITY OF DAWSON AT BAD SLIP
SENATORS JOIN
FOR MARKHAM
Ttio/Occilr' "\\ithin Three: Hours -of
Kach.Ollur "in Difforcnf Rooms
•:• "' oii Faciflp StKcet.* ' .'
- .Fife "Marshal To-ye and trie 'police
are investigating the.' cause of two 'fires*
that- happened" hi- the lodging-house
and saloon at 429. Pacific street within
.three hours of each- oChef, , The, place
is occupied f^y lister Mappe 'and /the
building Is" owned by M. L, Taylor of
1608 Oxford street, Berkeley. ¦-...-;:
A bout: 10* o'clock 'on . Wednesday i
hlgh£ : -i still alarm was sent in for. a'
flre in room-5,of the lodging-house and
there was absolutely nothing to shotlr
wh^t caused it. AL 1^ 1 0 . p'clock yester
day morningan alarm: was 'turned in
from box 18 for a^flre! in room -i of
the , Ibdgihg-lio.use. ' , No cause could be
found for the flre" and Capiain- Oom
stock of the. Fire TJnderwritei*s' '.-'¦JPatrol'
nptifie^ ."Corporal Fraher and Fire
Marshal' Towe of -his suspicioris. . - i
INVESTIGATK. FlitES.* V . ; . * ".«
•• • : • . . LV 'LODGING HOUSE
'40; '47iJ.o.-50. -block -4. .¦.same'; $3St)0. *., ;,J.
...;¦"• s /• -VBundcrs'.'.ciontEacJfs. ., ' .-..•'.• ".'•:;
. It-.-H. '¦Warfl«Wvio'wi-»r)" with >R.-'C.*'a'*vJtu-i'
(fcb.ntricforY-, arehftect N. X '.Thkrp— All "worR?
4Toj>-a i"'n,e-si(>ry" frame bulldlrwir, boUer«rDom 'And"
*hed; stab*!* and tanVhou$« atfJiHnlnp.-oit lpt-on;
'E line cf-Bryarrt iivf-iu«> s «H8 3);^I>o.f '43fi;ntfcnfh-
Eti*et;v-VC.S:l[T>y 15 13.7/ PJf 4«; S62H1. ' '
* AugrusfKoahncke (6v.heV) with S.' -JL TJViHclhs
/contractor),- plans bjr. owncV^— Alterations wi;
r««ialij3. jto.-. a- frairie.-cf»rta»te- at.= lSf7 Qfreen.wlch
street- •J'iT.SO. .. .'¦•.« "• . ' . •.-.•• "
•••Partnc'Unlon Cnub.'-(o-vn-;r*) .^frlth Jeljh'.r-ry'
Jcontrap tor.), . Rfl3. • Bros.* aa-chltects"r-I.at«lnr
"ajfl pJtstprin'R *n(t ojBamfntal". plaster . "work? 1
•for bulldinif on- NE -c.brn>r. Vost and Stockton-.
.pfreetJ-. Ii -120,. E 100,- S CO/.W-SO.'S J0. ; WSO;
?2426.--'** "v-; • •-..'••.• • ."¦..'••*¦•.¦• —•"'':
•<!) "Gomm^iriat Build"1n*» dnd. -Loan ;Ak'!iocIH-
Uon el »1. iby'*atneVto.'-'8rne,.-h)ts 31, 32,'- 39,
.. Marsaret. Hrodrlt.k to Jchn B'. Butterwo'rth,
lofon >V 4in« jot Pdlk strpet. "(J8'.2 15 of Broad-*
•»;a>\,..S..0:A by .W-loOj .•••••". • '¦'
. Uprothea H v ¦ Klatz "el", al.-.-ti' . Dorothea " H.
Kats." lot. on corner -of Ellis "and L»gqrra:
;rj, r eels, -N b?-'-by : tV- 75;'-'also \ovi>n N "Hinf of
PiiTestr«f. '2WX \\:ot Eillnr6re, ; W 3t':4Vi Vy'
N K)7.:ji; JiJO.Tfip.'. • • ¦-. . -; ' . . • -.- ' ...
Oalsy H.-;aiid -A-rthirr" H.Vwinjer ta'He'nry
¦and-zCbarjotte . Elsenbrr-*....-rot on. W Jlno-' o.f
Buchanan. strr*r.-:n& of-.G»ary.-- S "»; by- \V
1S7:6; JP75I'. . -. ... ,*.*•: ....-¦ ':'; . • ".
• •'CharJes-".B::Nei)rfnan .'to- .Charlotte '..Neirman;
lot.JJij N-llne of- Broad way,-- 2St -K '"tif ' Plerc«
BtVe't, ..E.S2:f!.by' : N 137:6; glfr. '¦:¦¦.' ' "'
"..Ottp-t'tinr'Sudcn* to" Moses A».-'Gum5t,"')tot on 1
•6-line cf Pacifle-»tr(;-?r. "12l* n of .Bioaerlck.- E
•'lMr^hy S ) 127 :Sfi. .qultcjalni deed } '53: V-"".- " '-.
..-.E>nll-<::'Me<lab rt'al. to tsarqe, 7utm.e; iji;L6.?0a"
-- Harry, q: and .Mollie; H.-Tru1l'.ro Jennie -I},'*
•Robert son-.. lot- en.C. line" or' Cl»y.tpn afreet* M0
¦-. 6 iof ;-I- rederlck^.' S .15 bVvE.101;:t; (la. ':" . •'¦¦ • •
:A?foccjrt- -ahd. Th.fr>sa: J<or*n*ifui;'-.lQt: on:'S linft
_ftf ¦ J?a,cr« -tivhto't'stTfet; ; V 7): « 'IB Al Wai niit; 'E • 25.
• b*..'^ : :ioo.-^ip:- : -;-'s. •':.,::••.;>.'..;•.;.• ¦•,-..-¦ • • •' ..*. •:•:.;••
.--¦/. Jaanei:- er-.JoJtdani.to-'UMlitaiJi' -M- -and .Siisah
iSTj.RquweJ. -lrt .cn:. : E -.Jirie '.qn-'MlciVleaii-'EXreeC
4T>0 ; N pf.n.ich*Tl6iTdi ; A' -^5 :4 by "E- 120- 5iO. '.
. . Cep^p. -WV -Kldsr .to. ;ii!l2Wbetlj"it.'..'.E.Wer '• 'lol
?n-\S , i;ne. dC .Guerrerp :sireel v -.ri4>,'"- of Liberty'; ¦
:n o& .hy>v;.iw.-.-:ift:...'; •.'••V :•,:••" . '••.•¦••.• •'.' • t~,
•.^h-tries -»'.;arid; .Oliiriotte-- M.: ' Titter Mo WU-
; aran-vj\wh!.tri*nnn.:lor.fin ; NW. Conner 'of-.'r s BtT-.- : we
fcurthr.a-uj ilantlVtt streets, N'Tfi'bj' •WSOi'tifr..
;-:S.iJri6n-. ; H.:t;ei ; ine-ji:.:ar'd '•Susa'ii -C.- Bpenoer to
s .U i -..A«'* 3 '^T«> J r«,;'."JiI:-ry.-'V...'-jJXarence"P. "and-
Jphn.G. O^tifl. Uh" on'-.V.Hne c'if- Valley stt;*^.
. 203 ;E ;.t>/. l9^ore?;.-.«:2-).'8-by' t N-. th; iWi' .' •"-. - '»
• :Jb.*5tate ; oC.'-lJ|i.vicr 31;-. Jftnes .- (iy .-CKarles. .C.'
T^.eniis.tXH-i-utor) .:to. ijnMn--. P-.. Sweeney^ .l'ot'-oh'
Ks?iv«??**"' P*v-.Ch"uf«;h---a-id -.-XFirfy": strfei^: ¦ N
.. -' r JaTii-e* r kolph"- ;p:;OKa!rI*s. • ! U : .iatefsV'-loi\o'rj'-N
linK«< I-ZlrzaJxHfi.atrect; l7S/£- Af NoV;: pr.l -by.
,N,;U^.>ie.---.V::-:V:.rV. ' .-..;• •.-:'•¦..•' V r . '. ;•':•.:.
'.^4Shun^i/%K^^-- : 'i0L;itetah'dra'.Ve^z4^>m«:
;<iuf<c 1 !alni-/d^(l;..-jip;-. •¦¦-..'."•. - •: -.".-,' .•..¦..:..
v" .H.f.r^nan; : ana - Thktet a- :Athej< If a' Ran'tord *F'eU.
•renba-upi,- 'ot'. on !«" irne-"w:. : S.tobkt6tV>trtet> Sff
JJ;'of. Setter. ;Sv20" tiy ••AV..-60.- 1 and aH -lnlefwt,-
A I^.t ; r*.rtJea::niayi-baYeV:iH--a'ny- a4Jac.efit'.pr6p- :
«rt>';-:$I(>.-. i\- "¦¦/':'¦-. ¦•:.. . : : - .•'-. _.-. .-' • • '•• ; :
¦(wife ;-C;r AlciarKlvt'). -lot-' in.;:s:.Hrr^ of Lf'ricdra'
«reet; J& vfjftpfwvJat^Xr^iii. by;S.7 ? li.V; B ift.; :
r.;S.a«ie-tp. Joseph'*:., .and \W»natn L. '.Malbney,-;
Jot.yjti g.HB.e'.pt 'Kro(idi«-^iv:jl30'ft} '\V-'of
:Btrc>f; :5v:.;id. by- g;ubi'BU\< "-.* V-- ¦-"• '¦"."••:¦ ."•¦:•¦¦."¦
•:;-Ven ,T...v.Marj'iari.a-:\\rJlite m ;.F::.13eibis^"JeaTi < '
.nettev.atd.:J:--.fi;, Scully; ; an». Mary,- ahd.'.P . F^'
rWo^^^^.'^^JQt,>2Bi^dwl^|(^rij4i%^(n#
pC :^yimam.;-|tncist;-.t0 •S.;af.'Ppst,- S^;2':'6-by-"E-
67 "t< •'5.WJ-. .'..:•¦• . ¦. •:•¦¦.¦.-¦'. .. :¦•'•. '.'. •;¦'... -'.¦- . '..•-.•
¦;¦:¦ CkihVrlne -MaJoney-to' Jane.".li'; Eab-kfr-kr- (wlTe
pt yAte-wttttXer =C-> -and. : EIKn ?.«w X"l'le.,Peaf-,-Jot
-.:-:fest|tt^-if- ¦Anfefele.it ¦^¦Xel^Vj'hy'E->a'.fl*riirtok-.'.
•son, • jieXeciiii-Jx) . tv .P; ;j. •- Srui^fich -• lot • <>n -Nf
Ji.n*;p:fTVa]^-ji: •ti-.«>«:'-.'i'Jr : :.«j'-.,u : .-" 1 -uy:-ifyd*:;-w'-6ft'
by. ~:N:-€2,:6;:\$525.<lt ; ¦•..'¦.• '.-•• .¦-¦¦..-•¦",.¦.'¦,- -.'• .-•'••• •;
¦; -I- Oil a.Tithi •¦¦.SoH^is i f, HaW»<Tiflrik : Bi-e'rriti*- iC6iit-. : :
paB.y-,- Iof. ;p*a-.:vB iij;/. -.,0.?-. itljrJritri street,- A» SB'
¦icrf.vHarrisoii; .;.-s=E- 50- ty..:Jf.E:' S5t-.iit'».'---. •'.¦¦..• :. ? : r -.
. " ;L>a!s:a- : .MehFter! ? /to • Rosri-e-^ M;' <Sl«n*ir.; Jof- on'
:s.&.Mn«;::(jril.a^;!».it.fr-f>.r; "-•2TiS--.6 : VM\V : "df:'Mf*-;-'
ften^rNVv- 21 r'l.^y ..JSF/5«;/ JJO- ;'.¦¦:¦. '¦ .;-r .[ ¦ - : -
V-'Roste M. ¦StcBder fo'.'IJena;' -b.'-Siger:'' same:'
gift;- •*•:¦"¦¦'•:¦•¦¦¦;¦•¦'... '••' .''•."¦•-¦". •• ;. '•¦•¦ : ¦,-- 1 i-: . -:'
: .Mary -.O^^nn'tir.- tpr r Albert JTV, .I^Tirke":' Jot'-bxi
-; All.bfert S\V-. :a-'n<j. -V?ari« "Le'hrie''- tP -AufiiiiC
P>ars<in;' pani-i; :?!/>; .- .• . ' -.- '. ' ••'.'.•; .."•.•"..
.Jftnies ". c;.. Gif-gon^t* 'A-nna.: ¦Hughe's.''- lot- 'on-.
N .line; Jbf; qari.fp.rcla -street; .$&'. r4410d. T>. -dt'
Thrircl a.venu^,-E-25.:f :.6Qil!CfO^'.S::08,.W 23. '8'
iPO-,-510;- ¦:.•'..:.••..- •«.•-• .:.••¦ •.':"' - . rt '
:": MpryvA'.' J*rr\yvt\..i6\losfph ;Xv Brown," lot;<>n
K;iiw of TweWh -avefiuc; 10O S- "df-'-Ca-llfortrla
.-street', .£ %. by; B,"lSPo'qq)4rS!a1m -ace-1; >1. .. "
. '. • Estate -of .Ch.ari-es A .. -Brlrw ri>n]inor, by- Mari'.
B«rri», Eanie,'".$2O0.- ' .
'.¦.¦•Albert "XJiiMiitln' to :>lilY.er;a pallatin;' all In-
¦tefest- is «J«i^l..>,-LapdH' block* .22C 32S *afl*
JaJ.-yf*3^tra, 'Ad-3-ufon. i&jtt: jii)lr :.-'• ••¦.•.•;• -v,
.qeorie-^
:io J|Iar*us:.aRd iJ^'da'Aiitletspn; . lot .orr ¦•• W; Jih*.
Jt)f.^tiiSf.tb;-avieaife;..5d..6. el'B strest;. S.^'.-by •
.TV.;O5;.41O.' - 1 ./--.'./' •¦: .';'.'~-. .••¦•.•• . ;. s '. -.
.:Efnma andAlpJ-onz.a:Harr:nl--tpn- to Krernout'
¦e:-. : *.na--l«^-r-a < .-.-lfali;;i9tVo^..'.W~'l!rfe.ot.-E\»eV*:
enia. aveniie,- -.3JiCii..S -oTiH" 'street;- a.'2i> by^Stt'
JCoV.JtoL ! :.-. .. ,-i -•»•-.¦ '• :;» ,'.' ¦ •:':.•-. : >.. ••' :¦
;rCa<h«»r}niBi <"onhell tp-DajilerSchuflmacic.'.fot
ori^'-viibf of Firilr.-a-ie^iuf; Sp-Ii of'H-uso
ilreet, -N>25 :by-.W Oar-^lO- ' - '¦¦'¦'¦' >: ' -.-; • . '
,. : .Ii}it)e :.Ijt:: Tknd.:Georfee ;M: %ftee.l^r to 'Bt>rn- 1
hafd.^aetz. J+«t -on Xy ; ."Un©. rrf : 5«'injli'av«ptf».* 5<>
K, of .. : .K«E-tr«t;'.--N' 25 ;by : W— .lOe 1 , 1 -quitclaim
<5eeti;. f W.-' •.-.¦••:¦:. '.-v- -:'-- 1 •,-* -\.\- ".• • • .. •••
¦-. Jfernha'ril. BTid ; fioae. Getz .tri-' garah. .M. r - Far- ;
l*y.;.<-?Jfc:f!fv:EUipbJ.:fe*i«j^ :"$1O.-." ' •-¦ --. . .'.- : : ;'j
. tvJ.-o-h'.pK. Hi.. Sxarafff'r-' .to ' J:. Tl s . /3irreft -Com'-'-j
"rbrVi ' !<-f.-.t>n.'-\V- Une-w'f .-I-'orty-'-'slith. a.v!p h-jei • 1T5"
N'.pT-.-.LVRtrw-f; '5>-.2Ji"Ky. W"-.J2O:iflO'. : * '; • .-:"
/¦•• A-idf^K' L;. : an^.'Arja'tlne'.T^l-j.-ar3s -to'T-hOmas.
>R. '.Turner;- : tot •orr'W-llrff: o> Ninth- a\t;hile. 4-75
of'<>j!tre«-t. ;I».-t?) by :U; 12a'.'- SIO^. ; -. " . :. •',':
V T*. f, iLarnbrVe: aj>a"E;- J." .MalmRrca: t-i-'.kat'e-.|
0'Br.iftn,,." 1 ---*. on «.3Unc. ol -R.\.«H7-eG.S7:<5 -W qt-l
T.liitjy-eiKJrtt ayenrao... W 55TJyV8:100: fl».' .* •'
.•••L«uJ$ IxTn-Ton''|q IJTar-J- >'. : DUirn. -. tot. on gyi'
rVtnner-fl'f-.'-lI.-stroe't -sp-d Forty 'fir-it "vvertuj*^ sV.-i
">2{«-bi::S-I0(J;..al.Bo.l6t-.dn;.S. Jine-. of T street.-;!
S2'* 'E .ef -Thrrty'-iifnth avenue, .£1.25 :hy fif;
•lert:-. ?ib. -.- . :- ,:.. •••.-.•. ; :'• . • . -¦¦ -.•.-• •"..-'.
' •'.' {J.'.-DiK'as-C'oinpany t*5: A. =\\- Totter, fot.on E
'llVor Ware'.'5itfeet.-' ; 35f>.E of Pa-ui ave-n«f. ! 'S'l
55' Jiy;' E; " 1 GO;' lot S£>; .' bjocic 6;\ Garden i "Tradt
\Hbm^sVad:',*-l6'.". ¦; ;":.••--:.:•> *• ."- •- ..•'.:
.¦• r <?Rfr}e-E.- ahd-lSerlry, S.'Bridffe. t3 fame, ¦tot
'pn-'E -i-inc. of Starr .-"treat. 7S N.-of ?altrtas.'. fi
hO.'^y .EvicO.'.'iots '44- aAd- 45.^ block 3..Gardep
•¦•rracK*iX.- : -; ...•• ' ". : :.; .-¦•'.-.• *.
¦ 'Arthur- Yf.- a»i<i. Luelln q.-;Po.ttcr to..«5ame..lot
on "> T • cbVner'. of. 'W'oolsey ..and .Glr&rd; streets, i
•XE'.lOOby N^V-30; lnt'2, blptffc 10,' V>nfver«lty-
M^und. .Quitclaim deed;* JlCr...- -. -" ¦• "- -. ".
.-• £iO*»n.ko- Montcvprde» At-oMtna M'.i" "Rlarla-M!
atfd tFrjapoj-KTo. I^srtWra tn Gtovannl Mbnteverde
'.or'Johtf Mbntevaldp,-.nndlvi.ae.d.Y6uH7j.of'.lpt op''
•E 'ljne'of-Psh Bruno 'Rtreet.' 100 S of'lluFfiw^v
•S 75-by.E.40O. .block.' O; Haley Jpiircbas»? :•»!.•
¦s •Teresti. ;Eadl^alupo-.tq
. 6artio.."ondiv'rded.;rialf'-.of rajmer &K-'- ' • .- "••".' •-'*
¦ ¦ CKavles- O'Connor [tD.CarOlfne*;McCari"hj-. -lPt
oti'E Hrip'.of Wa-lriut'street. 1XKT N of rtajido'lpb, !
'•N M by: B--1Q6. lots'f> and 10 t WocK-.18.: Cltj-.i
l>£Bd-*A6sVjc.iatIon: $10.: .' " '" ' '.'. .'.. .-.'.; : :
-.-¦•. 'Arthur. A.'. Pomeroy tft. William -C. .Belcher.
'lov-Jl xn3 ilpck''.7>"rnap A,.'Pe6p\.e- 1 .s..H.diiies_tcjtd-
ASftocl.aUon-;$W '•'• : - \ : :•"''" '•' '.' " "-. ¦"'' '•
V: Oscar lieynjmi -.to Wllluiiri..W.'Bcotfr.' lots-3S
•a'pfl" -Sffi.'-bVock;.'". 31ls»lon-st-reet - .Land." Company;:.
'- •Jartie5-F > :l'Qa*->idy'-ff* Johli"Tti>-ier.-anij'"Otreh'j
&• n*<,' -lbt ptt.S llne-pf. ralf mount street'; C2:H
E.ofPafmef.'li: p3 fey.S 93v'H6ck--15, FairxnoUnt'
•Ttn'cf^SJrR. ••••¦¦¦"-.'. '••. -.-¦ • •.'••.¦•-'. •"
' aVvJd' Ilarfftnvlatjer-tby A.* Ch Colton. 'com-*
.mls>lcmi?r) t"f>-'«aiWe*./Jots 5, : 6, 7 'and S,.block-37,>
Sunny*|d«-: <2SC0.-.- .':' -•'.* .; ' :- -' *'.•:
ft. B-:"." Davy. Jphul .-K^lFit ' and : "J6hn -K.eUo-
Cpinp^hy Qyy Ilehry. C.offey." commteskinerOvtij'.
•Fafrie.Vlftts 1.3. 16, 17' and. 29, *bl4ck\45; Fajrlt!;:;
MARCH -.31
THURSDAY,
RKAIi ESTATE TllAXSACTIO^S.
THE ° SAN"^ ERANCISGQ • CALL^KftitJAYv.- APRIL: ¦&^3$P4:
14
ROOMS. AVp...niP,%AD^— Cdntln'tr*4; :.
HOTEL. ETiSMERE-. 418 Stitter— Sunny-rooms; •
•rcellent " table; •rr6m-".H0;. Jungle j?25. .;. • "
THE LA KB. 2feS -Turk et.^— Suites, e'n'd -elngle-.:
rooriif. 'wlth..boaTd.:"pr;c.<s.t-ea-iona.ble;: .;¦¦,.;•
VAN NESS jiVe-. : -jri4— EleganUy '• 'fnrnlAeji;-
•u!te*V with;, baihs'i- also" fl-igle:: homelike.- ••¦¦
WASHINGTON" 1C1S— Newly furrdshed >unny .
. -suite;' bat*'-: Iropms "with boaipd.' S25 and: 530.-
. -. " .,' Tr»AlvH7>TKV;. : .. ¦•-.•.•.';: :.""¦- •""' /¦'
"pALMI^A^i^ AETROLOGlBi-.-' I4KBE.3
¦"• .BtriLDING.;i39.POgT;ST. " ";." •'•-•/;..•:,-¦::> -.
"H JEROME ¦ FQSt'lJJ. 1 sclentifW palmlrtv 515 '
'¦ ¦ l *raylo> ->t. .'.near Geary. : Pltort» Wabh •661: -¦
p a rizti 11 ''aVsi no. pai v< ri^iii JHXS^
RbOMT-^iplrf-f. $4 trt- :'."'. tliitjng. -painting;-
;.- 'llartmann -Paint Cdy. 31»-Tlilrd: tel.Maln.413.'.
»- ¦ -. J»HVSXCIAKS .AND. ./SCRGEOXK; y_ -;'|
' -DR^C C/^5Q^NELL^-<Jtfle^^nd! r'e*ldente,
• 1021% Markrt ft. .bet. -eth-and-'J*.: Jiartlcur
•.-¦ lar attention paid .id direas.es of wbmen: : - :
BlyOOP *ktn and' rectal- diseases ¦% ' i*peciaJ\y, /;
...,D% BAlJt.:}<r:?}^: Market^t.- ¦ / -.v.-.y-V;y-'^;-": •
: .r.E>l OVED^-D R. ' ".WONG ¦ HIM. ; herb ¦ doctor i
; '..treats vail <J'i»ea»e«' .' «r ~Oie' human'. body^; .-for- .
.-' : -fca**' r four -v*iii> Vat r .ll5.lH". alasqn :..i?o.*t ,.lo~.
I V'icated. "Jiit'yeeT" Geary- E»..>pfcgr Leayenw-orth.. - -;.
: ££T?XOXG rp-'-<nT;;\w.e^*««o'rV.to;."pr.;.--t4^^o.' 1 ;
' CTkT. herb dpoior .<-ures' ail- rft«rtses \ot 'huinan.
¦ ••• ; bjc:iise'. of t>erbs : >hd.teas;..*r27..tN'ayhlc*^.pn:«^;
WONcTwOO the ¦Yaniotu»"*erb <octo--^All tfl.i-'
,?;> **•«» cured fey::Chln>-»a- b.erb«;; =».(?•& -Clay, rt.
¦' rjOltESTIO'— The ¦ : ' icrachine. • ' Tor -t amU'Sr-. - -use y.
:'•¦ !b>»t' is cheapest'; :«^cn.d>hand. : *ll:'.iha1fe.f-. "at-
¦"-' 'jiny erlce: *!}' "tla^s :re-r.ted.'.vlow*?st .-ratei.
- V Dqtaq-tlo . oface^-'lflCl. Marlcc:t> -gear;:^ : l--tth; ;. ¦ "
: Ntiw HOM-r^Pit* Jpur .'n>w ; 'trl»Je r : -fe«d v .ina-r'
: ¦cH)i«; ¦¦•lrghrix' used ¦;'. tip,. 113; £26; "iiecona-. :
S ¦".•Tird; *3. •JS.' ¦?*: all ityir*< fexiaraMeei- -¦"Nfcw.'
;. :: ;'Horhe ¦ Sew.i'ng. "M«cii?.n>; Cp^.-'JOlM'.'liUJrkftt .•!•: •
?'r.X<-y..r \'.-\'«p^ti.iii".':xdi"icfii-C:?A '^/C*';
.A GrARANTKEa) rut* for -p'.U*: .Peier .Pre'lf
'•'• . ir.g'« pMe .-failvp-,' Jl.' rer box; : warranted:, to
; . rar* all <ra«<*s of; bWdlpg, ¦i'trrhliig'.'. intern*}, j
':''. Internal. or. rn>tru.dir.s pHr?..-'. also lisiula,. with- !
.'! '¦-. . 'in'ut--fn.SU .np'.matl/'r Jion:. l"r.g 'Etandtn"?.- 3^28
V : : J i^Vis-r^cro .-.**.t.', -near- *^u.t'trr: '. ¦'-.'¦y'.. ¦'¦:-¦¦¦/ 'r'.V-
;:j v : j.- y/\''-\ : ':-; -Bl-gci AliijfTg^;^ .i r7;.y :'-;¦"'*•
<- AT^RKH. L'EAFN^-CfeiiJ XOTS^S^lTi EA RS f
• :..'p;i-c!iii*.y cui^di.tiew.'TJeihcd*: 1 week's treai- -i
'• ;. ¦: Bient- .'itrre'. '- Ctr.\ Cr>i \ ».-ic h» !r> . 204 ' ,Sii t t.er '¦•'.•*>¦ .''":': ]•
¦ j>— .^^^^^ M^ > * M * M^'* | -^'^T*-- M^"'- M^ w^- M -^- | -^^-^-^- M '--*'-^^'- M^*-"*'-*-*.' t
Plot »r. a.e."Ti •?¦¦>'. '.'fiJ': puncher*. j"!l; Ufterfj . cajrej V
r-'R/Vl-i-f 1 *. ?3». .''. AT.. A Hr a ii fn.-vi ¦>'&, 1XS5 JJkt; j
' $T<rn agi: a*o - w Am:iiocs^». /^ s
A- vVlI-hniiT S.VMOORE Storage .¦C-o.'j'.-storitir*'.'. •]¦
¦ ; -«K\kibc. .s-tiipping t*J(rtWtoiiBi*.-<K-33^4ljift>^?S3tt^i
'N*^ : >•¦: fi.e -1 "SO Ma-l>ft, r, .84 ; t*V, South : : 7.r.O. ••
, X --H-'E Blt-O C tV3l. : t>tQrai.< & V-a-Ti CO.' ; f u r rriit: r%)
¦ h'poselip-14- -;ood». ttori.^, .rriovrd,; fc'hirped.- '725- |
';.: '731 Howard *t^ -nr: : Tiilrid; \ r here. Gfar.it ."lfil'.-''i.
i^C'RCE-f.GPOIiPII Ktcrnge i- Movirig «."o., t>£-h
.¦^'¦e-ceVrcfet ¦xitj tel^ Prlv. gx ;571. |
xrO-^KLI N'S SWagf— F-irnltOra and rneTChaii-r ;!
•¦ "f'-Aieej 333 Golden . Gate ave.> jihen*-: tJest M*!6i :
,-GOLPItN West gtfirajre: '.a'dvances niade. '.'.'.':¦ S40
V:'ja.-:yion Ft. : te). Howard 941. y/. W. ZehJuss.;.
PACIFIC Stora pe and ' Fnrtoimre Moving "Con-»;
' rar.!-. 232D nn.tn.ere- FtL;/p.hbne. Ja'cksOTi. 2S1:'
EtlCINS. Van and Storafe.e -Co.. 11. Mphttpsniery
¦ ..«;; 'tel. - Main lS4v"- Shfpplnc- at -cut rates^; • J
¦¦ ''TO.'-. J.ijASE.-;'y • : ;;' = VVJ- -j.-' "\l
TO . leaj-e^-Kf t-llwbrtn Inn; rarftantiti.acHy iji'ty- j
'.¦¦¦i'J'i in >li'r \ aljrj:: •><> minutes' ;!ridi» -frprn |
;'; S*n . Pfaiu"l*«>-:-..".:(Sbinplrtely- furnirfied: ' 30- 1
:. ' rrxr'tr.f 4 :*tpfni- . ftnd Jidl Water /bat *h5;:'"eieeTrie-T'
- ' ;J.ifc*'t*.:. : .hra"t,rr» thriTUjrU'vui :- -eV 1 .; v
¦ Vr>tVi ;lt>w. A^Fly MAIJilSQ^ & JJURKE,: 50 /
-.:;,Xl<yiiit*Tr<irty±t^-: :\. ¦;,::.-' ; - ¦•-:^\C;v--'.'.H v'. : ij
: TVr*EWniTERS A\D SCPPLlES?
¦'.'A-N *xcei)tibnai!y *oo<i' -No. .- 2 Remlnrtpn; ¦ No:. 1
v^fiV-th Premier. 525.; • oi-her ¦tj-rJcK-rtters at" 1
¦. '¦¦¦Hi*ef. and iev*r. Trices v'reritals- )B 50, The -I
• .j^-'ft jywriring-. Erxchapgfi.- r.S6 <ranfprn.ia -sti ,;'!
A -FE/VV *ooa typVwri-ters a t $:i<> eaia ; get" par- j
'..:.;tlcV>are.ef L. i M. ALE^ANPER^ JJO Jl^nt- i
;. gomery . *t. ¦¦:¦: y : v\.: '¦ :; ¦:.'¦;¦ ¦¦ :: -.'.'.'-'-'--'.--.*--'-'l'''''.-'V':;| :
TPhTIANB t? -r^wrftpr* ; eoli." re-ittd'.. : *rp»ired..l
: ;.;5\>t*ter^^ T3Trwf l?>r! ; In^pcc: '.Cb-vSOS-XtarkejU;!
u^- : : v- ; ; i:pi viuEtVP '.-. \ : xot?i^Ks.^;-;y:.^; v^: j.
•j3.i^'I.pEJCp : - ti*%ic*-~* Office :'¦ t>f ¦Sifrri .-R^Uway ¦¦'{•
'{¦/;-y^^ny'-;:*<-:,Cii.iiXbim&'-'rt(&'r-^'^H*k*i'f
'.':'S»^nSrh'gv'.--^n;-T>MfVFC"o.-'- : t*gK/;.ApriV. : l.;- : »it<.V-
; ¦ ; v\-apo>i Is'pV 1.4. -d.-u> -AjJrii; 12/ m^i.tr'rth- "Hist.'!
- - .'niortgafep-.-S per '.<rr.l bpn^ ot-'PJ?rra. Ral'.way j
{;-..<^lt?f*»)t>'..:of: Oailf^rtiia :xv-m 1>e; .--.a^a "it 1 Jh> : :j:
'•• -'f s'ca1-- ; a]geii'c>- -.Hi -this.jdo&TPany.,.' th.e :^Si?.ck«r-"'j-
•V",.W>«iilwiorit1i- Na-ttonaf Bank, oh 'and-'after- tSat: ¦ !
:^<>te,:v;Sv D,: r.KES'H-?|AN;. :-T/rea.'*rur$r. ¦-':¦•'..' ¦" "; ."."(
:'|BA'K:-jFittJ^SW-"a;aa'$!i:t)urbm'tt'' : Hoai»'B-iJiW
:^ "tlBfP Rudfcitr.'-^Wh j(SaJ*fi,''.|f iitti^ :^i-)rti-c«.':-Baa]r. C
.';bul'lCing i : -708 ;-'---Maf1tet «C.. caposlte .Tiard— . i
.¦-..- F<r tr/e- ha-lf. : y.eajr :'esdln'g.--3lK of- I>ex>eaberi '¦ :
. . laos, a' tflyJdend fca* -been. '<eclair*a at . i*a«' ! . :
;'. ¦'.¦*.¦** .per •bnU-ti of. «lj) tw«t\-e per. 'cent', ba;. .
- .-"capital .stock .and: partfclpatiag •: •certiadat<^«.' 1'
". • . *r«e -of ' tales,'. •>«¦?¦ bre- On -and aflef EA-TCR. '.
• '-• "-'.©At.- JfcBuary i 1904.. -.JOSEPH; A.: LEON,
•.;.-.'. AEDi'-.-.'Stahtieer:- " til:'GH.;'CItA:i(i.; ;.S5ecreta"ry, : ; t
; /; •;'= -':, '; -."¦ ¦¦ ; ¦-¦'•:.•¦¦. :¦• • '-rtip p«ti>A:iL,s/:. v ;:- : : -.) -V/V^^'?:-
:; 6>X'.;' .Til AN-.'-l.^ : <X :¦.' C*.Ii . ; : M»nrh ; •'.ii>. i -'" 'iigiH''..^:'
."-.". l-Sr*."^il;. ." in ¦ trif IRawj-' *:'r.i : . iie • r»- : .: •
..¦;'-, ;i «-!vrd.;lj»r?: .a.fc.d .41 cifflv*. cj-' .iiv^rt.t'rjfiVex^ri' I
>'V'PiaVpi'e-:o; iJ<,rra''-k«. < >il.., ;. iihti| "•.¦il.A «;¦:'. ji):V'{'
: ¦ '.- A-r>rll, •'2S». 1 r?M . .for . turn !^|i.i r * ; K' .rrd : :^ni ' >'q?.I : t
V :¦- for A rcctrar. 1* l.-tn^ h'oi t I'-w'.k-Vr.; ¦.fi»ni;-Hk Bar'- V
¦ :" ¦ rii . : . : Port .5l«on i F^rJ M- :IM} w*ll,' -S"i?rt -| '¦
:.: >lij~y. Prestilio-vJ iSart 5Fr-aricisc^/;^n.'tHf ; g* L'
; • M»<rra'ks.; Fort Ropo'rra-is : • '^art -.FraiiH<{rr. -,.
" : :i*c»iiot .<rf:R'-r.rilXt-' ami ¦ ra,«:'uiil*. Angtl'lKlind'. i:
¦ : jind .«»rd Ra-rrark«, ; . M6r.irr.°Vv Ciil:...'«nd. Tucl;'
• ; - *il'- '-aV.K.ott ..-..-BfrVt-r-- and';' P r^swfo. oj- ¦San.-'.Kfait-x
:V'<^*c6. C«l-.- duriri£ :fiwaJ.. ; .y.'jar
V. Ju!v I.- 1W0.4.' 1 -l;".nito<l -jfta.ttM: reisei-yesi. ti^iii. '<» v
¦ ¦ .'' W Jfrt or accfpt: any', and: aft "bids.. ;<jrvany; jiarf ¦-.<¦
¦ : ' : tl>»-P"Of;. Pre'feJ'en.ce ; clVfjn ':.'-vb : «j'ti<"-les «>t--<!£;..i
\.-.-<n-^W*'.-:pifixlu:ctlx»..'.-;*n»JTi-loM .of.^u«kHty-\and '.-V;
..¦"T>riVe riiiclHdtng -in .thc-rjrlie-.ef' fbreigil-.--p*?»*i'V
: J-". «i.u>t:bta«y. ti>fe duty, '••'h'>rt'on-) ': bcjr.g ¦ pffuit. ajid. J.
¦' vkucrt "f>ref*rcnfe gl\-fj).xo' articles of >AWeric»K'"- 1
¦ •¦ :'.-*.r<Ja'--ct : tdn ptQav<5e<i ¦¦ on. -the- ParJH'c -.Coast'-' to ,-|.
.":¦ -*is'tf»t;t'xJt.:ccniju;nirtit-n **i|Ulffd.^by- l-hef : pui>1:v« f ;
!.- ; '-«pr>:»c<f -4h»r|e. ' - lntbrtriat joa '-f urni5h«»d .-err .*p i '-i
.' .'¦; •jjfica'Uoii "iq qtiartcr-maE.i>er .'-8>t iSati l>)»-fo. *Rkf-.T
•.•:\vnok«:t5r' to ¦ underetejiisd: J^ATTE-X. •!;
¦'¦'-'.j( : hltf tjjirW^enjJsnStetC-.-.v-'. .;.'-.¦' ;..•'.'."': >¦;.-":¦--¦. .--Jv..'';
. -SAN. ¦"-FRA'XciiJu'O.'.'r/Cai.v Mir^hO : 4, " ¦ i$Q4^"^
"i-^raled - proposals..'- - -i n : " rrrpllcat*,; .*i~lU- be" fc<*- ; ' •'
-;;.>qelved a.t -this'.ijffice liiiUI Ml-a-- "m-- /Monday.:.-'
.- ¦ Ar>rH . ?;. .1SO4; . and. Xneh. op«ied: f^r '— Da'iri*;'-
-.": ."«U -the .:i)r-lii.ta-«r- : «.tid..fttrn ; i*Hlni 4U . rriat'erjal-'
•"., r Hiere?or-t|»»f *>»y '.be .re^ulrpd.-at HeiW^ir-'.
¦' -'.tei-s Pacinc- t>jvtel9h' ahd : -I-Ieadquiirt^rlj-'pe-':
'.. part-ne-it: *>T. I'aiiff-rsili *^ttnttg';.'H)e' fl'tVal'.yeaV '
. ; endi fir Jii ne . SO. -.' i»00.; :! '^W etrn'c^ : • .-J-Ul-.-.-'ilje.- ;
;.;•¦ rtv«»n to; a-rttcb?*-.«>f'- : i(Je*ii<*R!if. p'rod-j-ijoft : or-
.-.'-¦¦ ¦manufacti're. '«hd* pride-
-¦-•¦ «in«*iud!nsr;.ln • .the.-;- prtc*. ;bf vfjbrtjlgtir -ptadac-'
.- ;Sions.iOr'man*iTacrure'.;thie. -'!dvty-vti>ri*t»r£>w-l>e^." : -
"-. .\*>g '^u*l:'.'.V.TIj«;-|T^tt^': i S»te*-::ry|'f*r>»«.';t"iVv
'.' : -«ght -to T*Jrrt.TW'.«xcep't. : - ( .-Vx':oT: iiU propcisa:l»- '.
•'..an /Whoi* -fir .in.-part.: ntoin^tfi9k*>Afttfaihesl>j
;' ch.-*np1k*t\on . Jo., u'ndf r>,icU'?<t. ; ¦¦'•"
¦ . ; . «ivn* a-i rri c •; -. : j>rar*oR«I»- . : rhcard. ' - ; iw .-. :jtj*fru%i '
V'-'- •'l?i.Ui) l '*!>l«' T-or; Print •in*'."' nnd •»*J l -»rcJ*ed'-t6-
: ; : -y," XI.. P.;- Pa tt.en.. A^afa^BtXQva^tBtjijstttitf
; '_• G^pp.r? - . 2?£_. Si. : Qvi.M^rma*ten .'.-'-; .-'• .
.'r ROP-pS At^. ;^11J /b*Vre.^T.v<^ "at "thV '.Cut^au ef
;-".-:4-upTJII**i .".- and: "A-<?< '6atita/-'-^<i->)- r 'D('r4U-thv>r.t''i
". : ::-n>f.Wngto-T: ----I!: ¦¦.*nr.- :unt1r-.:i2'. u'*Wk :•¦" p-'o-i'-
. ¦" Anril;'l!'r:i^. 1 ;end; : Ber.!i^y'. : cvoYird-''rnTTnv-,di-'
•,;.-" Ai?rll in.' :.19f>4; .a»1;d. r«*bllo!y- <iy*h*(i".irTiriiM>--
•-.->r«.rr. -JtlarniS.- Cal,, ¦" .about "a«o,rtnrt---pf>ji''jid*: of I
.¦ ; .J*j|tt<«rj : '."-.Rl»tilt-, rK>Do«a1*' .-K-ltl ¦'¦.!*>. r-irn*-jsiVe*l->
: -jsr^jh .^hr'Uc-«rpu-tfv.tlT-'" iiuncau N«-\-y-'
•''.. P«yV.Offlrc<;,-.'-}Jarti.'J*Va'ri'"isco;-f' i a^: '^1 - "'f- -1* '
;'•-.» A RRIS; . Pai-ma'y.tcr.^i^fral ' L':; |R : ljfi'-;''-*;.'-""J
-:."-M»friase. 'ilceijses'. •**--* i; su>d a»
\txqowsi: "¦/;:'; .-;- ; 'vO- .,* -•.¦¦' '.-:;.;-".v.--'"-*.: "/"¦.-'-..
• "•IJHul«".X- : *l»'V<'c. i2e.'-'»ind- 'Aurustine -'RdyCr"''
•S?.--.botJiWfr.l2Ur'\Vill«i.i-dke».reft:..-" •• . '-'..-r
•>: 'Albert T"ootJ;ill. £5, a.nd.i:nfti if.- Han-sha,rV
o«t. •|joth-#..f-7'i.Ss-c«inpr«-AVemir».: . : : ". ". . • ". -
• . DavJI .R. • -Van Amfcinge. 21. Sonoma;- «nd-
. i'srj;.- I-".- -Curtifk," -MS." 42« .Tlilneenth-->!tre«'f .
'.laoksan M." BdA.SX:'2DV9 Dcvisadrfo" street,'--
-anil 1'aule VSiUiiblll^-1'7,. clt>'. .. . ',' " -
• Winiain -J>.-»bson; 21." nC"»:R«-U*>i*y. street,' and-
• l"«thryn..Oolll«*r. 21." SS9 Howard street." '• . •
. "i:ugcn<< .^.. < 'alum.'. 2K.. and Esther W. King."
.*::•. l-.o"th i.t UTd HaiKht. etnwt. ••¦• . ¦
. -. oiiarl*!*- If! •• IVilliams.' '£„¦ i015<4 -Larkin
:±ir*r\, nnd Emily .it. -Thomhill,- 21,- 703 Polk ¦•
f l r rj*'' M A - n 9 n * h *}- ¦—¦ J*'l H*rkrt itreet.
art Frieda T\ Ajri)<-r. 21. T711 Marker street •
. Huns- g: ICioinlr-ln.- St. l»-;ti Go|d>n "Gate
«»nw. -md'AHrc It. Ktrwlq.-25. l«75Turl-,
• E1RTBS— MABRIAQES—DEATHSl. • ¦
Birth, marriage and death notices »»tft br
mall will not fc» Inserted. They rwust.be handed
In at either of the publication ofne^s and be
indorsed with <he name and residence of per-
nons authorired to have the tame published
Notices r**trictrd simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
frw of chanre.
BOK.V. • J J,."
HUEHTfS— ifi this city. March .'."i. 1904, to
the T.-Jfe of n. O. Hurstis, a datignttr. , •
HK'rtARDS— In this city, March "31. 100*' to
th> Trlf» of William J. Richards, a M»n.
3IARRIED. • * :
AULL6 — TOLE3 — In Oakland, March 27, *1»04 *
' by tb» Rev. K. E. Bakr.r, D. D.. at the J^rst :
" Pr**byter!an chur«"h, Eilwartl Thornton Mills I
or Oakland and Mu-e Ida K.- CrVs of .San |
I'rtncUco. • .1
'"• '•.•'¦¦,•?¦¦_¦••.¦¦.¦.•'.¦ Plf I?:: •"' -••¦-• ' ";¦;•
: .Bai+ett " Michael" "."" " McCarlBr, Mary A»
"- J?lalie. John J. . ".' .-Murphy, Hujth"; 8, •
". Brusaber. Cbarlj-^'H. " Page," Barbara; .'. •
• - .Tllumeathal, Ida J. . •: =.Porteou», Jo»>n -A- .
'¦-.• "I>ucRbury." Horace, -.'• -Reynolds,'-. George. A.
¦-.-• Cretin/ Solomon "L.. ' Kchwartx. Martin.
' -llutrhins. Lulu' B. ' " • Khfr : ra. NlchqUis ' '
:.'Jwnker. LouJa • •Smith.*;G»u.n- H-.
.-. Katzer. Frairz ..- .Pmyth.. LIHIaa .
;: Kll Patrick. KllzabeUi. Theberath,- -T. H.."-
I" Leonard. WJUlaraL.- "."-yrelsch, -FrcSd. " -.. •¦
• l-eszynsky.. LeaV -• : "Wolff,- "Wllhelm--
•' ;Xyftch, Catbertne ". :• ".Za*iii. Jonn C. .;• .
BA'REETT— In theaty.and-Countjr fibspital.
; March -31. U>04. M}cha«I\BarrftU; .a.nallvf. pf
•':'-Irtla.'-id;"-a«*ed 72 -years. "••'. ."..'.'. . .- ' "' .
"BLAKE— in this c«y... -March" 30. "J»04--J/)hn
' J." .-R-^infoni. -"loviiie' brotbej- x>t . Samuel C.
•and- Harry .H, . Reanrprd- an'd \V411iani and
.•'.Geprjfe Zi'aKe' and.- Mrs.- W. J-. • T|f fln r - and
j : heplww- of- Ch'jirlep . Reanford, a" n*iti\*e "of
"•¦Fan-fc'i-a.ndEe.o,. a -red- 26: years -2 1 months and
¦¦*i" "-da'.-s;. -.'A -member" o"f .the Broth€rHood 'of
• . • TtamstoT*.' Local . Xo. ¦ S5. ffnb:' ex-member of
¦"" <.'om|ian>*-n. -Firsf.Re-rimeht,"-X T - S..V:"./
' :. : . C?"Frtcnds. und acqealmanccS are reejJect-
-.- rully : .lny"i'tfe<j'fo. a.l'tcrnd~the- funeral- to-morrow
' ¦t>atur'day);.A'nril. SJ at •!<)¦ o'clotk." .from" the
. parlors .v>r Moriahjah.,' Oliara. &-.C->.- 2339-41
. ..'-MlssSioti- -KT*et-..-hear- -Kjne.teenth," thence'-to
r-'-'Pt: '. ft-osie' a. --CMuftH -.'f or ; isrylcts. . It»termcn.t
v -.XS'.atidnal-CciHete.r>V ¦.•,.•."¦•..¦'.. '.-.- "''.•*.: . \
¦.-' ¦ -¦.Mvvmbers'- of .'•yonrDany';H.-:.F.irst Regiment
Inf an.tr>' { ;\,'G: .C:. .'iii>e.-req.v»j>sted. fb assemble
"V'*V.-Uic:>if>t s :^eeiipcn.\ : iirnioi;y v ..KSrh«r-':Pase
:¦; *hd..GouBri"i<.*.rieet>.':.'ori^Satny(Iaj.-;-ki ]ft-'a».'m'..
.' -ref .-'stj-b'tl .the. fuhrral 'o?;,-our- late .brother,
¦'.'.•" - JiOin'-Ji"-' -£Ta'k«.- •"¦"..'-BS*-"'ocd,er-of'..--V\ i' : '. : ...'."
¦• ;,:•-:•¦¦ ';.: ¦'.-.•¦¦...¦ •:¦ ? :: :; '- ;.-¦" 't}.~ \\\- Cp.5»f eLix), ..--•' •¦
••¦ : •¦"", •:'¦ ''•' ¦'¦¦: Ca'piid-i--coriiiTOa-ritnni' ."Company ' H: -•
EI^ilE^l^lAl^Tn .this'. city, -Mirch. "Jl.- 19.04",'
:.f- : -l4a : -;j;-;'-.bcl-|.«-#a- 4*ife' of Jurius..' Blumenthal,
•aWd'ihe-^VtS 1 :' rai>t1iet.:'QC-SfUo-J..t. Allc*; and
'.'.Martha Biamefitha'r.'- '¦.hd: : e)stei'' of Mrs, A."
;.-.-;.^iidsh;--iSii : *v.'."i4-;--BAer.-'""^»4-'-?'^ lu * ; " M^ i and
: r Mjini ! iR -BltJirierifhaJ.-.a natU-e of .Germany,
: -uged -tS^afsv.X-NVw.^Ifork;- Seattle- and.'tos
. ¦ Anjjfejes .papers;D"leas«:cbpy".) \ '. :;'..'. ..'•¦/:• .'"'
BRVJS AjJER^ln "¦ this . city., '.illkxxh * SO. ''.lW)4y
' ¦• ehaTlEs.'.lj;; difkrry- • beloved .'huifband : 6f '¦Ama-'
' .-lia .". Bru^ber,-".' 4-:: .tiatlve-. '.iof -" -iQtte.-iberg."
': ; Bi>mfq, .C*t-m4njv a(r*d- : 57. -yj?ars. ~C. mgnths
; ; r ard" Sif. '•Says.'"- : A ' : nVembfi^ til < AJwefIc«
:•'":; i£«iV.*!*; t-rV 1 . •qC::.:a>! ; .. .t-Xe-y,' : --To'rk''-'Rn'd-'-."C!regpn :
Vvjtaftera ric3!*:coryj: ¦ ¦:".:¦-: ?: : >:\/'I:-^ : ' ;.*¦'.::
¦';:¦ ':K^:'jiftnds'aiid.'-rcqukia{a"n.ew.-are:re.sp?ct-
' ' '^iiil v, r iiiivii e4 fa 'ittend .th* -funeral tprinorrpwr
•...•<Sjrurdiay)'.- April 2.: at ¦''¦?':&} < - clc?ek^;. front
:¦;)»!»/ , ; |a? •>' ros-idericf.- l;0i& IV-nn.e-sj-eo ¦ str^f.t.:
:r.«-ar- ¦ ; T-X ; «-nty : .t<'CO-*id.- ; :; • l-n*'-rruent:' iQyjirtiSt
'. 1-awri r'Gtrmttzry-:" by 'Tiv-irlc foneral ; «ar.frofl0;
: ' ; jriRlf->^^th' : .BnJ--'d*ip.rre- ; 6-..st.l ! eCts.iV •'¦>."; ¦''¦%¦"¦'¦¦..'
1 l)f.n>'Hi":HV--!.:j • A'aint^a', - JMarcli;^"^ :t96%
¦ '-.JJ.-raVe, ¦¦.¦¦¦bclbi"** >hu*baiid'«f >taxy..Eliz;aJbeth.
". "'. PucVu'ry;. and" f«-t1i«>r >f ¦.EUl'e.'fl'jith; -IStAhr
' ."1»»- \«nj Av-V'rcj-vJJSeSbv&iv a-hative -af-Kngr,
¦:]'ia.u^:::-ry/:V>^'y'/.':..C::::r:/': ¦]?-.¦ ;v :J '^ :^ :: \:-:r:y'
!"iGfti:.E;X^iJB'l;(ShS?n;;';EflKlan;d.v.Ma^if3.t,ci?^*'
I ...•K-fi-nar/ -1-, -Gr-v'ti./' :lv.!i?\ t-1 r.r:tl-ef; irf . X«O-it*
¦'¦ - :^. ; Or*on : Of ; fhis 'rity .' ani,} , .A-'lier.: Glreiri'^of
.-.'• ;!N iv- •••;* «i ; ki '-"i- ; 'hajive' {of -. E'rigra;n.d, : - ' agedV, Sif
i.V- y.tfkrpV- ¦•:.".•¦ ¦•'.' '•*• ';';.' '¦.•!-' - : - ••;'¦-'".. ''. : '' : - vV'Vjf-v"." 1 -."-"-^--
- jiljTCin-^S^-n";': Xtr^ \c-:Vy, v ;-M.arck, -SljV
' "t'Uta- VJrlie ¦•Uu'trhi:ns./ii< ; l6yo^
;.:; :<>f Mrs. ; KV. -XI: ' niat!1.o-^ :^JT5'." .'1*. ; -G. ; • liaiuharin;
. :«fld- "tTiarlrs, '¦: '^.d ••aj!(l''Kf«berV:..>ratCl1.l'n*,
.'.---'.iri:".Ti«;tf>y. ¦¦'B^':":Kii9xyi"|Ie,-;.^^'^-.^p;--n.tyvrlC^lV:
;¦'.. ;B^»d >*>!" years' -U .liter. rl.-^ . and; 9 -', dajj. ¦:>¦. , : ..- *\\ r:
. .-.".¦.'•fJ-t .- :i'N:ura' ae.3Ua'ieWvc*^: ; a.re;T.csbeft^
' :f.uUv. vlnvn^.l '.la; a'tiend -th« -. funfSraf ¦ F-rvk-c-s
':..' :S9ju>i : iJi;;. :*rtn : .-j. : n'£.;%izo ¦.o-cl.i'i./.'-at'.ihe:
:.".'r»Wt(ich.<e'.'b>- -h^r .-jyi.st.«r- :Mtr> E: ' ;Mv Hfariev,^
,' ; t-weeu >," I it < u'v-nih.'-iBd ';T^ ; ehtietli;.'./.;in.t;erment
¦-. Mrwiht'^-Cilivet jGcm.tierJv; -.'-'.' ¦ :.' : '-v -..¦• •'!-•'.¦''¦•¦.-"¦¦"
V'SKtZiX- In' '. '':¦&!* v •: ci t jV> ; ¦ 'ila:r<;n' • ' .Cp.'v : TS04i '
'. ' JJoyiaJuhketr^ ¦beioVecl ; hu'sb0.nd - ?of V'.-Mirl*L
' JsnkVr, -ind Ijrcther -of .Fred, ¦."Jt'u'iikrCfi'-'.tJi.e;-!*^"
¦'- i<3liari>:s-' i>. ;'^'nkVr.'.'^d--^ra;.;.'3^-^|Il!5fJin*vpf''
fv B^"*5en ; V^-G<^ia.9yj'.i«£r-ta4rr* .6f--S;c?h.arnibe<*Ii;.
'". • GirmanyV-aged^r^j-ear«^^^ l'mienth : a;lid'.4-4a.y»i:
;..' JV /-fce-nfesr, "of '.Wi$v$X<rte&ft-"-&<4j£fa& r &Zhli£:
. : {Veleraria-, :of .-.-rh>- XJcrniati, *.A:tn^y.'.: suid'. ife.
- : ys^^iictie';^<iXi^ii:.y-^l^ : \Xkw'Yi6riii\iM.p^t%'
'.'. •plfate-.-eopV-JJ ¦¦¦'•/-*".- ,- '¦_.'•' . : - ."; •'.'.;/ ;•¦.¦.'..": •....¦.¦/. "i-'- : .
..¦ .'• C^FrtTO^'* feacj acqaalntancft5 .arie:Te*p.fc'tV
'; ;^ful•y•^:f-lv^^d¦i;to>.¦¦sut^,d^ 1 ,t¦w..^r>w»^;Uo¦•:4i»y.'¦¦
••¦ •<J-'r:day»..'»t. -2 :<i c c1;6ek. -frcnl Whip ;lat<i;-rf.»f-:
.'¦' '^o*n;c.e,.; : 1123/|AKuSa;-.£tireet>-- Tl*it^rmtnt::6dd;
vF.cliow.s'.-Oeiiiet^'ry-i':' ":. ."•;:'. .-' : >'.|--' --.y! '¦^•-••':'c'v -!-.'!• ':
K AT2K RV- Iji ' • Jtti-eRhjji V feaii :¦ . JoseVV .; itarcii: . / ai>.- :
. . V.¥*4,. Fra'.nr.-. K : «lzcVi :'a'i. tftp ri>-WrriC« ¦' of his'.
¦,'fjii;.'. M^x:ivatzeV.. 'dearly- hluV't^i fatfie'r_"/pt!
'-.^ ¦. "'Xn't-oh -Mr* .'-. • : iJ»-.rnan,'.7".Sfr!-,' '..Herii':
•¦-'.¦'¦JMts; ' JV>nJe ¦ and : FYa:tiiiffka.'Kiiiter^ .of -\'iPdrt-!I
• • -. laijVl i '..' iire.i . '"a \- na t J yif -. <^-. • Au stel*, : . V a sre'd .' ' ;'$ 4:
'. '•; JTeats.. S; :rh*nuh'j}, arid. 5: "daj-»!: .'¦ ', '¦-. ' ¦':.-' :.-'¦''
K : IK^ATJT:i^.^in : v.tM«-.;aV>-V;'^iiivh : .5«; :'l?oi| :
¦':' ¦ E«zat»eth A: k 'bei^vf d wife 0/ the ..lite GcQi-gis ¦
'- . .KlJ.P.a't' jnc-k; - and' devoted' .liiottre'r. of" Mr?.'.; ..F-.' : .
.\>->V'J .r % y">?er''x'rree: : -l i Yahc^s .r.'K'ii^atVt-k'),-:'''- .Ita;'
" ; 'F,;.. '«". .¦'¦"i\;i-rn'' i r. . iri ; ->' ¦CU?r'.=ini< ¦'.- iCflRftfrick-)..
. arid George AV*.v \VidJai11, .Charit's jind -Al«l>
¦¦; Anaet . jytljiatrlck.- a .tiative' o{ -H*^l, ."Ca'sselV
.:'". /x.ieirriiany..- a-t"ed V-.5.4 . i^ais'.-ll '.TriQYi.tJia:a'od : .'.*I4.
¦: oda ys-.. : -'-'-'» Jacti-j-Sn,. ; AroadOr ! OtmWty,.. aad ¦ Eas-t n
¦'¦ .«i-n^^XpfM-pifeaie-:wpy.;1; ; -,'. ¦..';¦'. ¦'¦': . : :':'.:,, -
'¦':- '¦'',|7'li*«*iii! -and «'c?iu9i<>ta.nces'. ilrfe."re*pe<;t-:.
• .¦.f.*).ljy'" ; !riv:t<-(J ".:to i; .'«'.* en"'.!'. lh»\'tuneral' ,6un.dkr, : .
' •; A^irit '.&" At'.'j ;«.*? »'.cl6ck,"..Xr.oni:-h«-." late reitV
; '¦', -.dcn : <?«- v .aU3« - .X}n«<?eh : tli- -rtreet^.'tjetwecri P6"-'
' .ihtfrmfntyMounti'.-piU.yet.'
¦v-^Up-ih.tt'iy:- ¦; " ;'.';"'-. : :.-•":¦ .' ¦¦'.: ' : '¦'•.. '¦/ " ' : -. : » -¦ ~ '¦ ¦..-'-: ? ? •
. LfcQN ARD^-ih. : Ms., .city.. • March '31 ..' 19O4;;
-. ''.-tVU'lfa^'-.-'Lii-bnarid;':-iiLVna.ti^e; : TrcliBd.i':- freed
" .".: : S9Vi:ear?;!: :' .--• .'.<'-'•.-.•',•'- Vl - >' "'¦' -." I'-'. ;"j' >'J : -;;.'-".'.'
tiESZV NPKX-^lTi ¦ tW-r : "«f-:; v March: ; .di;:':i904l
;•¦:• L*a,ii.;-:i.be*bj--jti i '.; Wt»'.; «f ¦¦- ikirp '-. ;L>s2fji*ky.
¦.••:.'<!aw*r'hte ; r--o.t: Mifc r£-U^^*.S"Afl£'i»Si<ll*isfir'9fi
¦.I'Mrt'. .'A- ; ,'.Jv Kitamfnas, .•':a:-n'^l.ye':- : -<ijt'- : i5ai4rorill-^.".
; ;;vs'cey' et ¦¦ycai*;- ¦¦¦l.T'-Jm-iiuks'- -and";. I«i 'tiflV -•Jv."'-" ¦ V /
-iuy^rci-iv^Ai - : l^krtenn>-' -¦'¦Mif'.ti •¦-'¦'<: : oiiuty.;-"v.Ciu"j.
•¦-" - Jlarrh '"--'.0.--. K^l. • r«'Ii?-Tn!-- !::--nc«; ; '^arl^.-b--'
:.'¦¦'¦ Jvved '.i:*t^r . of '.- 4ars/ \VUHani fCusjrk" ': -u.vi
.¦¦•:KdV>V : Lyji<--;\..,;'a^d;'.ji3ee'e; .©f Mrs; •J.-:'-J'.'.:.-Gar-"
¦ .'¦:ri.-if..:' ;'-;-.v-;- •¦'Jv-'-t-':-. •.••"••¦¦¦---¦¦¦¦•¦•;;¦•>.': ' : ¦:.M ; *>-.^.vt
..; ; . C^FVirndi . aiia .itCQuaintanees lareVr^spect-,
-.- -ftfl.ly- iVivi-V-d '.t6yjit : tKr^iyth^ : ''fUneraf;-t^Tn^^.%';
" "vii4ji : t'u'iKfa\:»;. : {;-t".i»>- : .oV-lo'c'k. .Jfrbin" h>r "lSle"; )"¦«*'-¦:
v ' : 'jdf jicei ';Laf k>iiur. •' -thence' ;.' io'' §t. .Raphael's:
•:•-; 'JTi>aifchF.'Ior : ..'-ri«-i^T.'-i-">. ' ir,t«-fment '>I«ly,10r^sfi
: -C>mf fry,'-' t;^' iclexrtTk-, funVrai car Jro'm- fbpt
:;.^r.ilar"5C*."it(.eet,:a^
:at^.>IiJiiYi4lj» .- Mhijs.: Vi:j/ -March;. GOV. . iQM,'
.• ;-'M*ry.yA.- ¦. Vifarly :.1k-!6vci1v jii-rf<; • b|. vJ.ohn".-.:'^.:
V .¦>i<A:arth\:,;. J •:viiis.Jn6t>ier.- pi -.liTijs.'.-James-'T..'.
; ;<;iv^n.arid : ;jt:tank^'.Xv^<T^
;..'-.'SJ,Taltf'ri.-l,;>Tr-4 -.auit .U>>;i»t.'». "A-njVe ;Mc^arr' ;
;/Ut-;,'.".MTi'l. :li>v.iri{*. .¦s{sten- :< ';C v 'Sjs.t*i-'vMvv-ln i e*;";" : 'sV
' '• :naft-rvc- ~cf .' . : fa.yjriyilVr. : .:>ji*«. - '¦'•-' i " "-•¦¦• ¦'¦'¦¦ ¦'- :' :"- .-¦•*'
':< V. -t? -Ki^-ivd^ ¦ Vri d : acd'Ua UitancV-s.'.are" ..'res'p.ec,^
• ''.fylJy. -jjv4r < 'l- "¦> dt-t^rii: : tfi> ."vfii-jc L raT:;t0t'dfcy.'
:;.". : VKriiJ'A-'!».V».* : ,?iy:<» Vrvipc)c;'>r6riv.'h«> iate=r€siV;
V--'j^rvv« : .';"WS'.4ia.y-i's.'>tK:' i H ihcnce-'ioSt/.-Igna,-.
¦•' ; -tiJw.'A^iufrc.h? T" r: > T f v i >• ' <Voijtin'ct-.ct6c;Ta-f ¦-."1-0
'"-¦ ¦o't.-l'ftclt.,' .JhrKrmc-n't .¦'H'ofyyyjjcisl.' •Cemetery;'- b'y-
;-. : ;Vl.efttric--." funeral 'Mar :. from - E|in;teen;t.h- .'.atid.
y^tiiieiibefrq '.syrvgis.l \.'\ ¦¦.:¦:.¦.. :A- : . .' '.••"-.".•¦:- ¦>•• -. -: :
J9Mr IJiittf
-. '-~;fc :.M)irpli y, ;. JbeUi-^jf . vf si tT»*SF . .of - : >Irs.'; iL : Ai ; .
-_ K/n ji«?<iy.' inid v .Ti : 'op':a-i'lJ.' ; -Murphy^' a' native
i -of ••' ¦'M'-jn.tsl-iKif.rj- .Knglirnd,-.'. bOtd -MVyears- ... A"
¦ ' : member " of' .iihe'-'cJentU nieh's .'Sgila'lity- qJ* "St. ¦
: ' -igiia ti'cs: ou-ich-. j'.: . • . ..-..-.{•. -. : .- •":.; > - ; •¦-.= . ••'• .- ... ; '•
'.-;- v-jpra^e. --tiiikral /.'..win: • take'"-.p]acc* Xo>'day"
'.-¦ .YFriiTaj') : .-.rrvrli- th>;-Church'«t: the IMcfci.-irolr"
.• -;RidtertKr",. --ofphr.; Eigbt*p.mji'-ani4. biallicnd
¦.•;: : ".-"Kfce^t's.':wtif"re:-.Beryjce«:"wi^
!'.'-'.?t*'rX;;:.bv <^rk;t-Tii- .f4ihcra.r*car,X)xr-n 'G-He-;rerD-
..'jrnij' Hlete&p'nTht >treVt-i?." ",«j. vv".-."- ¦'.'--••"• '. .'•"¦•" '
¦ ;fiA{>15H-.i-i -.*JaJtlAn*. ,JtarcS;nb,- -J90i, : iBafDafa."
" .':J,eKjvpd-.»-if«»."xrf: tlie. "li'te.. Charles -PisV;-" arid-
, ;rtioi;ri6.r-.ct M/rs,- M./H-.-Sqiiire^ ahd-1'da-.'Page
;-y l»tndnw-.-. a,:nft.tlve-b^- : Piiaria. "aged,"oO yca,ls:
".:c>..rn(-.htT5af>nd""-.2 A"a5-«;-.-'-.v:-;-".-"."7-^'.:-:" " *'..'.-' •"
¦ v- •'I7''r^eijd» a^..*feua^rtaW^.iuY-«»ecJS
.. "-'f-ully ".nvit.cd --.tb: art«;hii t^» <an»ral-'»erxjcr*
:.t}iU-dJiy/<-F.'Jdayl."-Ai»rn "-1-; at- 1 ; Ib'clhcfk; -at'
'¦".•¦• .i>^.r'W^:.f^Jdenr-j,"575V".!y»;Meio'-fcl*»et"- "Oak--
•v* ¦ To.'-.the ; -.offtf-sts.- «iy--'ru>Tiiber>" : Cf : ." $ev«>p'
. :^r*i->#s;.)Cir.^ff>Jw:-.^.-.'i :1 aaie-*V.>j< g. a;". ni'r-Vou-;
¦ ; ->,re;;l^r«l>y^n<nU^;**of : a;iteWd'rtn(s«-Cu)i.!!ral --ttf
.•• .Sister:. B-rrt>ara. ¦ jTag-V' -Frrday- Afternoon;; at" C
- ¦.¦¦.'»">;rJ«*-k;"--.'<'-ro?n * #i .t-"*l«te i hesi'deit<-r»- f»75l." V-a-ll'-Jp:
.- -li::rSf>.-.aVlfWK boa; ;<»o» v aW;-': *"; ; ": .':-K*«-J "•-." -.'
: : . -:. : "'- . ?. :-; 'HisS'ftfteTTA", ;1WKE, 'Presiaent; :."-
.¦':-••; ; AKNiKrij- -. p.rniLit'/jr. "s^crfctary^ •¦::-. •'. ;.
,Ppn*rtX?C6^J[n 4.hl«i T MtytVUhfl^-*^ i»W; ? Jbhn.
*>"*MMre.w.'-heIoiL'«^. : .-JitikHa-id--'of: tbc late" Oath 1
¦?.:>ririp-;-3?vjr|»Tjus,."'-a.na ."feiUrr bf 'Mrs- .T/ "J-*:
: -Hol>;tr,: .T-tehTcr.-.'ind. ."Mr?V A-.'
; r .-5Ii>t^ . a -•.nat.i«-«r;N- >^t)l 1 aiid..Tagf^..tflf y>krs." -/
C> ¦:lt^f r Jfrt»>fl,!J.s' a.nd -aoq'M'ilit'Miees'.'a.tv'.- respect--
.,'.f«i !I i''tu^t^d :fa a't^fii]. ihc'-'/uneral to-morroW"
; ;;.(-}-aturaa"}%.- at-; ».*aS Vch>ck.: -from. l>t« •'"lafe:
.-• ,rfMdcncp;-..14i - Twelfth '.aventfe. - : bet"we«ji
L -«.~a3rfofriii.i-andi^1j^;gtj:.ect-s» """XotjernienfCyv'
-.¦•¦¦.•r'rf'R-f pto-nM.'efueiej-y/-". ; . .. 1 .' : '-.'.' .'- •.'•'¦.'...
ijtf.Y-h:iOLp?f-:In A'laTncaa-i-'MiTCb'- »;'l9H-W
'-. 'i*QR3 .-Aiiinffiia ' »yenu^, -Oprge".A: Rcjaitoldr"
.HjoIVKcU.-. hiiKban"J- - .or- Jimlly. ReSnblds.- and
-.- -frfthri;'- of • ; <><'orgi» --vA.".' *a-hd- : JF:-in'nle-'F. "JRcV"-
¦ ;; «ipl<Js:":Mr«. Krank U."-Wlllls-'ari<}' FtrdUiand.
: . 1J.. R'-yrtaJd^'a." natiye rf Tenntsse.e, ." aged
' '':7-.7 -i^ari •«. n*ionrlis:and :20 'dayc: .'•• '• -.- :..-
¦€CJl\VARTZ^-ln. -thiB ViU". '."aiarch "51 '
• i Martin..belyvM liiiEband'of Carrirv-Schwa.rtz-'
¦¦". -faitbPr <Jf .MV». . E. '-iustlt-i and'-Atfolph;'
•-¦*»ig. •" Goors«« ••an.d. Jacob - t>ckVa.rJz ¦ arfd t^V
;-. .'lat* ."ICd ward • and. Majr Sctiwacti, -'a.-'ljallve'
." tJ..Au.^ria. -acealTS-xoai-s 2; mbhths artd U
¦¦ dajf- .". '.•".... • . . • -..'-.. ••. .
," C7"Fri^nd«- ahd : acqualnUincea «reTe*pec{-
•folly invited tp- .attend the"* 'funeral" tb-day
. ..'Kri<*J»y», "Arrjl I. at- U?;4ri"o'crock..fnotn the.
."" r<.Ri<]once.cf;his son. 3S"s*r: Tw/>nt"y-flf th street,
¦hrr-ween - lK>lores,.- and Oburch. • Interment
. .Kal.-n. C«-m^tcrj. by l-.TO o'eltxk train from
.'J"wi-iit*"rJlfth »nd. Vaicncla streets.- \
SHEURA— In -the City and <(V>unty UoipHal,
March "1," 1904, Nicholas *;hp-:ra.,- : a native
. -of f-.witz»rland, aged S3 years.
fcSflTH— In O*klatid. March '31. "1004' Gaun
•M. Smith. »>eloved husband of Llda' Smi*-h.
-.'a-natlv? of Newfi'-Id. Orange Coilnty, X. Y.,
aifxi 117 years-ami If months*. .-."¦¦
C7"Friends and afquaintances «r»> « respect'
¦fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• April 2. at 10:50 .o'clock, freni
the r-psUJeufe" <ft- James" Taylor," 1211 Clay
ktrrft. O»ikland.--t * :
F^IVTH- In this «ity. March -31.. 1004, Lillian
kmyth. aced.17 years. . . ;
THEBERAT11— la this .city, .March 30. loot.'
Theodora V:. beloved- nusband -of. Marlon
Theberath, a native of .New, Jeri*y, aged 40
yeartt 4 months, and 7 aavs.
E^Friends arid acquaintances ar«i resppct-
HENRY J. CALLACHEr? CO.
. (.Successors to Flannaran & Gallagher.) •
• • ' DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. :
FUNERALi DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
2« <Flfth.it.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telextoone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
.. . Funeral Dlrcctora and Em"bj.lmers— __
. Formerly tn Metropolitan* Temple,
I NOW at 86* MJSSIONv Tel. 8outh 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth,, near Fifth it.
1 Finest Equipments a( Moderate Rates.
•funy Incited to attend the funeral' Friday.
: April Jl, at' 12 o'clock, 'from- his late -real-
. dence.. 770 -Cole street,' thence to Masoftfc
"• Temple, corner Post and Montgomery -streets, .
where services wlll.be held under, the : aus.-.
pices of Occidental Lodge, F. and ' A. - M.;*
at l:C0 o'clock, thence by electric funeral
car trom -corner Eighteenth and Guerrero
' streets at 2:30 o'clock to Cypress LawnCem-
ftery. .. ' - -
¦WELSCH— In this city.- March. 31. 18Ot, v Fred
We.lech a native of Gluckstatt;, Gerrnany,
aic^d 66 years 11 months ana 11- days. • ". ;
WOLFF— In thU city. March 28. 19O4,'.W.itr
. helm Wolff, beloved husband of Fredertcka
' Wolff, a native- or Westphalia, ' Germany."-.
'.-• ETFrienda. and- acquaintances are. respect-.
:• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
'(Saturday), -at'- l»:30 o'clock,- from, the"
1 . funeral- parlors, of- the H. F.' Maass Company,
• 817 Mission .street. - Intermeot Mount Olivet
Cemetery.- via Hr-Ju o'clock.lraln from Third
.' and Towfisenc( streets, -.- ' '
ZAZZJ— John C. Za2zi," beloved v Husband" of
". -Katherine ZazzF.' fatner oC Ellra aild Ad«-
¦¦ lene Zazzi, beloved son of Pietn> a.nd. Teresa
Za&t. brother of Paul, .-Mary. Samuel.
.Adolf. Louise and Irene Zazzi. and" son-ln.-
.-•law of John dfe. lienedotti. a naflve of- Sa'tt
¦ •rra-nclsco. a«r»-<l "i2 yt-ara u.ml S* months.motive for pome curtailment of operations
today's Jewish of the Passover I
aim th^ ocx-BFion of boitw absences from
Ptfw-k Karchance. Th«>»<» were the noml
>iumi of th« abided falling off In actl'
«r<l th# ratliT heavy tone of rpoculat:
There were Indication*, however, that epcci
:uo sf-ntiment was affected by some r«ad
'•'.m the Etrcnxrth of the earlier part of
week, - The denials Riven to rumors of t
• !:a*os of Unl'-n Pacific by St. Paul and
•¦thr-r r*>orirt» whirh have circulated on
NEW TORK. March 31. — Th« FUFp*nslo
two trust companies, one In Cleveland and
in BoFton. ttd a nomewbat chilling effec'
*r*culatlon to-«Jay. The tendency of to-i
row*« Oood Friday holiday was bailed a
New York Stock Market.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. \ 0%c; three
half barre's.' : 9o; one tierce. S%c;Uwo tierces,
8%c: five tierces. 8%c per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. -10*4c per lb.for
heavy. ¦; 10V4c for . light 1 medium, ¦-. 13c for light,
13*^c for extra licht and; 15c f or „ sugar-cured:
Kantern "sugar-cured : Hams." 13c: r California
Hams.-12@12Hc: Mess Beef. $10 .">0<3>ll per bM:
extra Mess. $11 50^12; Family. : $12 60@13;
prime Mess Pork. - $15; extra clear. : $2* §25:
Mess, ! $18; Dry . Salted Pork,: V 10*4c; Pig
Pork, '. $27 ; Pigs' Feet, $5 ; . Smoked Beef.' 14c
per Mi i | »^w > tfaitwWi||ifi|i| l i)>ii|(ii*ff/<iiiWt)i|||itf| 1 i*iw TymlB
¦ LARD— Tierces '• quoted .' at 6%c per'lb for
compound and > 9c for pure; -half-barrels pure,
n%c: 10-lb tins, 9%c; 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins.
10c. - >¦¦ ¦¦*¦ -•' ¦¦.- ,. ' ¦ ' : ¦¦;-.. '/:...¦ ' . - ..
Chicago was higher . In spite : of liberal re
celpta of Hogs, and .primary receipts- almost
double those of a year ago. This market con
tinued quiet and • featureless! - ~-r :v.
Provisions.
KEtT TORfc Ma-rfch. -Cl.-r^Jow:" Mcc»n
ra'.l — Easy at I «-iTii1 "*» per <;ent; closing bl-i
p»r c«it;cfr«rt"8. 1=4 porc^nt.- •' . I-
Time 1o>uik— Kiry. " Firty days. £Ve3t r
cent; nlnrty daya. 'S^SU. per ccnt;.Blx mo»,
."2%®4 per C^ct.^ '••-•¦
I'rim* njercantSle -paper— 4*465 p«r ccnU
Sterling rxchanpe— Kirm,' with actua* b
r^« in barkers' -billr at J4.S730S4.S735 fotit
•ir.and and at Jl.M75St<.K4«5 for sixty day 6.
PoFtwl rater— * 1 £T>fi 4 >» '4 and %l «8.
«-oBiR»»rclal hills— $<-MVb«4 8'S- ' |
Bar sliver — K»VJc.
¦'. 1'^xican Ooltaj-s — 44c- • . ¦
Hond»— Oovernmcntie steady, railroads «tet
New. York. Money. Market.
. EAStJSKSriMABgETS J
RAISINS— The A«»jclatlon quotes the follow-.
ing-pricea: -Standard grudes^- 50-lb- cases — 2
crown • Loose Muscatels, 5".4c per lb;
3-cr6wa, 5"!&e: 4-crown, «V4c; Seedless Loow
Muscatels. -Hie; Seedless floated, 4>^c; 2-crown
Malaga lccse, 5c; 3-cr.own Malaga loose, O^c;
Soedless SultanaB, unWeached. 4.^c: ,- Seedless
Tliompsoiis, "unbleached. 5«,4r- • Layers per 20
1b box— C-crown Imperial clusters. ?3;'5-crswn
Dphpf-s eitmiare, %'i 00: 4-crown fancy clusters
$2: 3-crown London Layers, '-¦ $f S5; ' 2-crown
London Layer*. $1 "T\; u£u&t adyante for frac
tional boxes and layers. : Seeded — Fancy -16-oa
carton?,. per lb. 7,"4c; fancy 12-oa cartons,, per
package, ti^ic: fancy bulk cartons/per lb.'7>4c'
choice 16-oz cartons, per lb. •7!ac; choice 12-oz
cartons. : Her package, cy c; -choice bulk car
tons. rer.5b, "He; 10-oz cartons, -seeded Seed
llngs. Muscatels, per lb, :7c; 12-oz cartons
seeded- Scaling*. -Muscatels, per th.-sa^c; bulk"
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels,- per 'lb.' 6%r ¦'¦
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 1 sofUhell. 1;?V4@H C -
No. 2. ll'A^ll'c. No.'.-l- t hardsl!eH, l 'l3ifi:juc'-
N\». 2. ll#ll'/4c; Almonds. J 114c. for N'(jnp a :
rells.-ll^c fcr I X L, lie for" A> Plus Ultra
and 9'.{c for Lantruedoc; Peanuts, «;@7c for
Eastern: Pecans. HS13c; Cocoanuts S4 5003
. HONEY— Comb. 10@ll«4e for- white and
bi a t-ic for amber: • water . white : extracted Sff
5Vic: light amber extracted, 4^®4«c- dark
3H®'lc- ¦¦--'¦- .' - .-¦-.- "
BEESWAX— 27@20c per lb.-
FRUIT— Apricots. 8',;@10Vic f Qr Royal., and
9612c Tor Moorparks; Evaporated 'Apples.- 1141a)
(Sc: sun-dried. ' 2*li\bc; Peaches. 5"44?7i^c:
Pears. 8011i&c: Nectarines, nominal;- Figs.
wb.lt*. ~3jf-Ja in ltox^s;- black. 4VJc; Plums,
pitted, O«Sc D-r lb. ;•"¦' ' : . '- ,-
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2Ji®2l4cfcr thn four
sizes. •*¦,"¦¦ * • .
Dried FniHs,Nuts y Raisins,HoncV.
The action of wheat and corn was the chief
factor In trading in oats. After opening a
ehade to H&Mc higher, at 3£>9i{?39%e. July
ranged between S9Vi@m%c, closing at 39%c.
A bis run of hog* and declines of lOiil'tc in
prices at the yards caused weakness In pro
vision* early in the day. There was. good buy
ing .on the decline, 'however, -and the market
quickly recovered. Shorts became quite active
buyers late in' the day.- causing a firm close,
July pork being up 12 Vic at $13 35. - July lard
closed 5c higher, at $7.15, and ribs were up
7%c. at $7 07%c.
" The attitude of the leading long waa the
chief feature of consideration In the corn pit
during the early part of the session. The
market closed steady.' with little change from
yesterday's final figures. July opened )40U<j
higher, at 53^@53'ic and after ; selling be
tween 62%&53"4c closed at 53'i@53Vic. May
closed at 30V4c. . Local receipts, were 121 car«,
with 19 of contract crade.
CHICAGO.- March 31.— Rain in Western and
Central Kansas has a -counterbalancing lnflu
•pneo <in the -wheat market to-day, -off netting
firm cables and fttrenitth in" cash graips. .Clon
ing prints in all Dlts- to-day wrrc almost Iden
tical 'with "yesterday's final figures. In Epite
of reports of additional rain in the Southwest,
f.thcr* wa9 froporarily an active demand for
wheat at the .opening. The principal Influ
ences that were responsibly for- the demand
were fine cables- end the RtrcngMi of the cash
situation. Th* market f>p«ne4 firm, with July
up H9H<* to %c, 'at X7%c to STTiesgc. Th*'re
was mucji coverlne by shocts, due tr> sWensth
In corn. Recoints In the Northwest were
. small, th» decreased morement affording fur'
then, inducement to hull -traders to take on
more wheat. Older tlu-se conditions July ad
vanced -to ,8-9-Tic Later in tho session the rain
that had attracted eo. llttl- attention earlier
in "the day became an influential factor In
brtnirinR -out numerous selling orders from
scalpers. • Kresh reports ,of general rain "in
Western and Central Kansas, a region which
ha» been the center "or the drought district, •
camp as a rMnfQrcrmeiU tcf previous advices.
The rwrult -wa«- quite. general Eelling, with a
decline in prices, July reacting to K7 We Part
of. th« selling was due to the fact that the
beard "will be closed to-mor.rowj, many traders
being dlsnofred to even up over the . holidays.
The. market made a recovery -from the low t
point on covering' by shorts. The close was i
a"bout «t*ady. wfth July, at S7%c. May Bold I
between 95"£c.and <HJ%c. and closed at !»5 7 ic.
Clearances of wheat and fldur were equal to
6ST700 bushels. -*• . • ' •
Future Grain and Provisions.
Chicago Board of Trade.
. .There was a fair triisiness In local securities, j
< but not much change in quotations.. Alaska
'¦¦ Packers advanced still further tq $146. "but fell
• back in the'afternoon to $U5 50. There"' was
"not" much activity In bonds. Tb< oil and min- .
ing- stocks were quiet. . . ¦ " .
The exchanges will b« open -as usual to-day."
Th6 United "States Oil and Mining Company
of Bukersfleld.has levied an assessment of ic,
delinquent April 28. . . . * .
Ex-dlvldend yesterday: San Francisco Gas !
• and Electric, regular quarterly. $1.25 per.share, j
amountiifg to-- $lt>«,105 41; the AUmeda Susar
Company, an extra fllvidend of $2 50 per share,
amounting to $67,802 50; the Horn Sliver Min
ing Company, of Utah, a dividend of 5 cents. ¦
The delinquency • In office, or the assessrrenl
of -10 cents per share on the capital stock of
the Hana Plantation Company has been further
; postponed to April 23 and the day of sale to
(May 21. •
A dividend. of 10 per cent is to bo paid at
once to the depositors -qf the -local branch' ot
the International Hsnk tend Trust Company out
of the moneys in- -the hands of the receiver.
The depositors' claims' on "file here amount to
nearly $80,000 and." the- receiver has $16,000 In
cash on hand. " . .
I Tli* !¦' Ophlr . Mining Company .has .received
t $8510 from .the sale of 4 railroad carloads' of j
J ore and 'eight carloads are on . the way -or In I
process of sale. • _
{STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAT. March 31—2 p." m. V
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask.| ... , .' Bid.Ask.
4s qr coup..lOSVil«>« Us qr cp'new.l.T? 13.TJ4
4s >nr reg...lO7".ilO8 |3s qr coup... tO6% 107 H
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
\'a AW P5.' — — . |O T Co -6S.1WU —
'Bay CPC-Ss.-.— 102«4 Do Us . .. .",111 ¦¦—•-
¦ Cal C G'5.«.— 104% Do con 5s. 101 # ~ * ¦¦'.
Cal O & E g • Oceanic S . 5s. 73 - »
¦ m-& ct 5s • 8S ' • Om Cable fis. — .' 124 V.
Cal-st C 5s.ll6-Kim; Tac G Im 4s. — o« -.
"CC Wat 5sl — -100U P E Ry 5s. — . 103%
I E'i L & P 6s. — • rr- P & C H .-60.104 105
'.P k C H 6s.ll 4^ — P & O R 6s.ll« —
Geary-st 03., 45% 00 Powel>-«t 6s. — —
1LC&ST 5*-is.lO4 — |Sflc EO&R5fl. — 100U
Do 5s .... nO"-4lCO>.i »SP & x SJV5s.llS»4119 ,
Tlon R T es.lO6*,i — I Sl*rra R 6s." — 112.
L A Elec 6s. -v- ltti .|S P of A Cs ".
LA Ry. 5s.lin-4ii-t fi!>on> ...... 1C6'^1O7«
L A L Co 69 — -r (101O> ..... 108U
Da gtrt -6s. — — IS P of C 6s
Do (ftd-Bs.io.i?i — (inn:.)sr. a. 104*4 — -
LAP lem fis.102 103 I; (lOOfOSr B.aC5iA —
Mkt-st C fs.HG — I nOOff) ..'...IOJ^i _-'.
a Do lem 5s.-.— .115 I O912) , . .. .. — 11SU
: 11V4 MtT8s.lO4 — |SPC 1 cj 5».115 119
NRR of C6s.lOfiU10< I Do stmpd.,103 110
i .Do 5s V.*. .itSTftllOH S P B R 6s.l34 — .
N P C R 58.105 — . S V Wat 6s J 04 U 105
K C'Ry-Jfo.ino-- — Do 4s 2dm. JK)' —
N C:P C 5s. 93 102 ' D Ol 4s R*m. m% —
N S R R.'.9. — 100U Stkn ; G*EP9. — P7U
O O L&H r.K.106 — |U G & E 5s. — 105
O,W gtd'5s. — • — .|
,.. WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 37 41 I 1 '"-* Costa. .. — ~—
Marin.Co... — 62*4tS-V-'\Vat Oo. 3S T 4 3D
GAS . AND ELECTRIC.
Cent.L &>P. 3 • J%|S ; PO &'E. 57% 58U
Mutual EL. :. -S% 10 Stkn G &.E. 5 _
Pac L CO...55H — |U G & E Co. 29 32
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES. '
Firejm's Fnd.310 337 » 4 1 . ...
-..?'. BANK STOCKS.
Am } Ntl Ek. — ' 125 | L P '& A . ...152H — -
Anglo-Cal .. R7>ii — Mer v Tru«t..:. ¦ — 225
Bank of Cal.42SV4440 (Merch Ex.... -- ;_•> .
Cal Safe Dp.145 150 I S F Natlonl. — _
First Nationl— — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2210 — |Sav~& LSo — loo
Hum.S&L.:-. :-• |Sec Sav;Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 :r - (Union T Co.. "
S F, Sav U. 625 — | '
STREET RAILROADS. ¦ .
California .-. — 2C0 iPresidlo ..... — 42ti
Geary ......— SO | - ***
v - -POWDER.
Giant 1 " ...... 60 Cl^lVlgorit ..„. 414 5
...¦¦¦'.- sugar. BMHtoBSHl
Hana P.. Co. — v 4CK; Kllauea S C.v ZV, 5 •'¦"
Hawaiian C. 50>4 — -; Makawell* C.r 21% 22U
Honokaa S,C12*4 13^5 OnomeaiSC. 24 - 27%
Hutch S P.C^ a ,10 PaaubauS C 13% lC.
Stocks^ Traded in Fairly', Jxtit
Bonds Less Aciive.'^jm&m
'Graiii Exchanges Close:; ;:¦ yl
TherJ- will t»" v*ry little, business i--. jgrain'
rtf rest :of. ; the- we'k. The Liverpool- Exiia-nge-'.
ha» ai'.i^urned fo- Tuesday./ the Chl'ca«t';Uoar<S-'
c f Trade' to'-jo-rnorrow morning and ..»:¦•• San.
FrF.srisco.'Grair. E.xchr.ng» %ill al;o • be ; ''as*><l
to-<i»\. The. banks" and stock -boards v.JT be,
«tt. ef- -ucual: to-day. . • -^ .':¦ V-^ ":...;
; -y-Bank Clearings. :..:,.¦:, y'2
l/~-«l bar.k Hearings In March were ; ti2«.--
T.> BRiiiist '¦*l'».04G,2'.C lor F.-bruarj l»03,
stu'ttrtul * decrease, last month of f2.TU,5D4: '
For the J'.ri't three- months -of the. jre»r they-.
w;» »;>.l.y20.:K.l. against $372,030, ;«3:5r, the:
>j.n.f period' 4n-.f»0tt^ . ...--' - ; v '.._.'.::•".. .-
Buli^s.pn Imports. .;;'!; -V
TIi<> rfpcelpti (bfi'daUitt -on' iirp'orts at 1 .*• Sa-ri •
V-am-jFio- t'ustii'ni -house' In ,-Ma.rc.h 'wrf':$t>87;
4M. apainst. ?'>!-. S <1; f in March. 1SA.1. . 5.?r-.the.
. ,. -^r,^ ninhihsybt the yoar -the. i-ceipts
were |1.9a|.i«l.-i acainet' $2,OSn,714 dun.'« the'
fsm* 1 |iorii<l In ;i»y3. . . ' . ' '•' -^ .'-'¦.•.
Regard-Breaking Cchiagir^ •;-..'
The colnatr? at 'tlip ''nltp.J' Sta-to5'Hrar,dr.!Miai:;J
ir thvu-c-ity ¦ iufinc'the month. of Marc?-- coar.i
Fisted of *a3;ii3,ri»Kt iii- double '.ea/rles. voting
• tl-.f lastrpctllDM from .'.Washingto'r.-. the.
V::,i. has '.brcn forking Va full capac^y'Voo ,
Aoubl*- eajrteii- for' snm*- time, and last nonth'-e
¦~i:T.rut : brcke '-all- T*cord.B -for . coinage' "a ifte
-,::^<i ."-'sr-tipf.-' - in '¦ -Fobruarj- the r-.-ilna.gp-.
¦ amounifd :.;.,<¦ §SX.tXJBtn. ot which tfl^M-.WHt]
r« - in'.iliuHre. oap'.«!« and $2Hi.<XK' In^Ft.'ndari}
¦¦• 'i1nlia v («. "•The combined i-oinage Ic/F.eb-
- :«ry : m.fi Manh wa'f $54.9<W.5*!iU. the iirgest :
imo«nt*.Of caopgy ever turned 'out !n "th t -pe--'
iod i>i '-'ii3i«- l>y. the local" or.^ny.otlier-.nfnt" in j
¦ :*.- w.orid; -..-' •• " . ' -.- ..'..". "-• t ¦¦¦:' '. I
- In- March J5«l3 • the- coin3g(*- : f0npl?t-3 .'of
; :i4'i.'«» ir.' tlouiMe «>as;i«=. .C90Q.4M. lr ; hr.lf
» ¦- «n<i if2.";2.:»su id-half dollar*, \ma ,-hg'VI
: ;.i.of -$5:i:».3sc. " . - ; • "• ¦¦:•:;¦ ! , ¦'¦' "]
; \ ¦'¦¦: Weather Report: ¦ . ': '¦¦¦;..
¦ <120th Meridian— Pajcific- Time.i " ,"-. |
PAN FRANCESCO, March '3.1.. 5 -XBiV-i
TJi«« follov-ing'arr' tho seasonal fain :1s ;to'i
flat* as compared with Those of same d. 4. la.^t.J
>^nson and rainfalls' }h-lk.«v twenty- four our»-..|
. "' ¦ ' .Last'-- This \.*st -j
Station*—' i . • '. 24 hours. Sraj<c"n.' Sison. . |
¦j:r<k» ."..-OiOO.: r.7.74- «,^.{..
led Bluff. :'..'...' O.«W . .-•?. •¦»¦ f--«7 -.'. '
S.orajnent^ -..;..»..•... -JV-W , 15.M . .' ," t Jti; ,
San K»*nrisoo : «.<*> ¦' '>*.«»*»:.».?•»-
T--.-^no ....:..\. : . .:..: o>»- ¦ «.«u .;.-««•- .
-.vir.pcr.ccnce •.....;.;.'.: 0. "<>•¦. • 2.5J -'1.5. ••-; .
s.m Luis Obispo.-". : ..-.:«>,O0 .•.1J.S);-..1H.V
;.¦-,* Anjflps.', : .. ."_. . : *>,?«>¦ ¦ .7:7.1 - . I,5a ; ¦-.';
Baa Diego- • — ;•'•"- ¦¦¦.-' 000. .-. *.™ ¦¦ X-- -.
' . THE -COAST' RECORD;' ¦ / .- . -. :
'••' -.' ' ' c -. ..2: •"•K- 3- -.-. :•!'.- '¦?> '
-'¦'¦•:. ••" ¦ ' .'S •• •-:• *3=". ej ~ : <\ '•«••
'.-.••-.?¦.-••¦•: I'- If: 1 3 Ji ¦•^•¦--l'-
stations. .;|;.|l;;p|-2."- ; fV:f :
¦¦. •¦'"'¦ '¦' 'A-: • C S-.:.' "•¦;.'• ••{-.''¦'t •
Piker ".Is : .-.'. ,30. SV 44 ''. 2S N' .' • Cleat.- ,«X>-
CEr**sn....i%..3«.l*:.-.4S 24 XE. Oleaf jCfi
. Kur#ka V- •'•• .Jt«. 12. r^'".. *W ~ Cirat ,»>f» .
Fr^gno "..-. :...RO.«JH: .«4. -44 8 " - Cica*- .00
:«5; FaraJl'on.TW.in f>* • v >- "*!*" -t*lee<". •¦«»: .
nusmS- .'T-,-".2».»<>.-. ""«• -2fif " w- : -.<ciea.e ,32 j
rpcatello -'».;-.30.24- ..42' 2<5 -**V '•• Clean Tr. r
Ini^pVnffcnce 30".«>d . W. .40. • K'[ ¦ .'• Pt.Cj- .00 .
:.<*. Arifrelc*. ."'J.fU .«i0 " 44 -!W '.- -.Clear]: ..W> L
V- Tam»lpai«.:«J.QS '"«* "34' '.' N -V= .Clearj-. ;O0 j
N^rth 'Head'.. -.30.18 B4 *0 - E." . ,-Cl.ear; . -Ort- •
Fhr^nix 29.02 .TO "4« W.. O«>., "JPO :
Po r.t Rrvrs.-. 3O.*>7- 56 - 1 *? -KW .'^lear* ;.«K)
Portland :.;..:.30,10 rjO.34. NE. Clear,- .-00
F."l Bluff..,. .30. OK "70:" 46 N ". Clear s -.00
iv.cburg ..-..SO-li *>4 4<> NW.".Cl<?kr;.-.flf».
?*crameriio" .".3n".'O8 • «*4 v TA . .?C .-.' Clear -..<>0
?aH I^ake.-i-.^O-l**^ W. S»:-N .CV>UdJ..O2
Bao Fr«incisco.'3«». ; 12 «2 i*5 W- ' Clear;. .00
£ L Obinpo". .."5rt.<a" -«O -4ft. .w; '• ¦Clear* .00
Rar Dteiro '30. 02. ¦ tA .44 • N W. Cle».rf- .Oft •
Prattle -.'.•.>. .¦..**^2« &6 S4 .KW Clear" .00-
F-rkare" ' •" "31 S». •"»>"• "28 -S " Cloudi .00
Tatooah ..','. .•.".'S0.1S 4-S .42 .'E'; .-Tt.CU-.Ol ¦
Wnlla TTaI!»i.S<>.n« :M" 34 N ¦ ClearJ .00
-A-!» ;T ,».r:ucca ,30.26 -42 -2S-"Nn Cl«>arf-.OO.
Tuma. -¦: ...... .29. ?S 72 4g- N .Cl^art .00
'V.-KATTTTm ".CONniTTONS" AND' GENIAL
• , -..'•.." FOREC AST/ .'• ; ' .. '
Fair wa,th«>f" prevails 'over th* Pacific ;op«
»-x-frt In Northern Wa«hlr.jrton, whfre it
--Icudy. Wphf rain haa ; falletj" In- ;the " .<?ky
Uoantain region; •''¦'.'¦' •' ¦ .-'" ' •' .'
Th* priwsure ¦ has "fall»m- -rapidly ov< th#. :
rorthire-Rt^rn .coa*t '.an* rip** over.th* P »«u
The ' t*n»p*raiur* [haa : -ri»en bIowIjj «v«fh«
•¦V.yre Pacific • Slop*, -but -li'.b»low the i»nal
ra«t of the Blerrae. I". '' * '•.•¦¦
Th»r» ha».b><»^ a wharp- fa!I In tn# »»rs
of the upp*r earramerfto Valley and butftle.
chanr* In th«« l«jKfT.>al,l«7. -The San Jotrtn
m.% L«throp eonUnuM to"'rte«. •• . " •
For^cart mad" .it.-T=.an.«Fran«ieo' for t-*y
houri ending mianlsKt. April -.1:-. " - .
North*-™ Call/ornia— Fair._ wmtmt TY.y; .
Dgbt northwrrt . Xvind; ' •-, -. •
£otrth»rn California— Fair, warmier Ttf. '¦
light north wind"." .--- '•• ."\^.- '.. .- ':
Vrvada— Fn1r -warmer. Friday. .-...- I 1
Pan Frarciw-o ar.a -.?lclnlty- T F»lr PT.y. <
»t,fTijw: light. -northw.CTt- wind. " - • t" 4
O. If WILJySOrr,.. Local -Fw-eeastet i
;¦ ..'¦'. TNemporarily. ln-.chan. 3
-..Iron closed at '52? Cd In Glasgow ' and at.
44s in . MIddlesboro. -Locally Iron wait flrmer
NV..1 northern.. ?14 20(^15 7."); N'o. 2 do. $H 75
C15 i'5; No. 1. foundry, southern; .and do soft
|14 2»$14 75. . ; -.,...- ' .;',-.,::,
• AI'i'LES-J2®2 ?5 per. box for- ex*ra fancy,
$1 C0®l 75 for ordinary: fancy. 9pc@$l 25 for
caoice and* 5<i©7."ic for common.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges $1 5(h»
2 25 for fancy.. $1 25«1 50 for choice and 75c^
$1 10 for standard: Tangerines. §1 25^1 75 per
box; Lemons, frl 75$ 2 50 for- fancy." $1 2Sfl 50
for choice and 75c©$l for" : standard; Grape
Fruit. $1 25®2; Mexican Limes. $5«i5 50 per
rase; Bananas. $1^2 per bunch for Hawaiian
and $1 MTt'i 23 for Central'American;.-Pine
"ppl'a. *2<a:;i per flozen. ' .- •
Slocks of Oranges at the stores showed a
heav.y decrease as a result ofkhc active trad-
Ing of the preceding day, and as receipts con
tinued light and the demand steady the mar
ket continued -firm • an.d ¦ prices were higher
all around. The warm weather caused great
Improvement in th£ local consumptive demand
and nearly all dealers were operating freely.
Orders, for shipment to Honolulu' and to Puget
SourM were plenti ful..- nearly 3C0O boxes belr.g"
shipped, to the Sound. All. the .othef Citrus
fruits were firm Jn sympathy with Oranges
and. a good movement -was- potcd, " Sev'en -ears
"of Oranges are" 'announced" for To-day's auc
tion. " . ' '•»-.,
All dealers reported- a fair, movement In Ap
ple*;-, with low ap<3 medium priced fruit having
the most call. Htocks of 'ripe Bananas were
light, but prices were no higher, as the cel
lars were full of stock which Is rapidly "ma
tu'ring. " .-•... ¦..-.¦•
Deciduous and Citrus' Fruits.
STOCK MARKET.
• J • '• Exchange and Bullion;
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... " ti enix
• SterllBg" Exchange. sl«ht ....' — K '
Sterling .-Eiohange. cables H . 4^9
= New Yfrk Exchange^ sight " -12^4
• New. York Exchange, telegraphic.. — 15
Silver." ner ounce -. , ' jjii
Mexican Dollars, pomihaf ,.. -^ 45 H
-.' -Wheat and. Other Grains?- i •
" 'UHEAT-.The Liverpool Excharig* has "aj:*
journeu to Tueeday and the -Chicago Board of
m k" 1 ? 1 tlrc ' a " 1 F-a.^Uco drain Exchange
m a ;^1o!aay^ day : SP n -
J ' The Chicago wires -of Mlt-cheir Mulcahy & •
; V^ a ' d: K 'i Mlnnc?pol -" Isay8 that on « of 3 the
larSe cash houaos thf-re did not^ have a ¦ car
. fim time this has happened fo It. in ten years
: -bar- At \vZ p , how « thatt he country Is almost.
I ,1^ . " Uh^ at - • £>ome-uf the mills will ghut
' rr ° W ' and r Stfty cIose ' 1 untl > the Flour
demand improves. • -Duiuth- reports offerints
bv r> f a r^ I! '' W T th ?° of freer seVnng
b > farmer «- In fact, we expect to "see their
offerings grow smaller, and anticipate hlgher-j
Prico, The Cincinnati -Price Current says that
i luW wf 1 " ' ?1 1 .°° Til for Wheat ' ««>wth. but
Illinois.. Missouri and Tennessee are now «end- !
,-ing In.exceirent crop reports, the- weather being !
i flne an d w«rni. with' plenty- of moisture, and !
. Central ar<j WesterA Kansas are. now get "tie I
. Pr.et.ty general rains. St. LquIs rrpbrts: Flour i
dcHlers* say that they cannot draw a bid for!
1 Hour 6t present prices and a good many/dealers -i
• f. re J', a . rt . eJ «P" with- Flour as a speculation >
Cashes heat. i.s dead and hard to sell." -
' . T .n«. &a.n. Francisco market was wealt as to"
grain 6 *- ™ fr »ctiorialJy lower In the cash
'.i ': -\ '¦ ' .cash \ Wheat! ' '¦•'
. California. .Club ' $1 37^1 45; California'
' £ -^/Y.? r alla . n> **¦ S 0 ® 1 W: Northern Club. I
j f 1 .kvU 4 r < 3 < Northern Bluestem, $1 &0gl 55
1 por ctl. - "v.*" -•:'¦' * ' * -
FUTURES. ,"
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. • High. -Ivow. Cfote
Sir-;;: $ i;S '! S s i Sg ¦¦'! gj
f-i-j, ... - •_ 2 p. m. Session. j
,» . ' ' Open. -HUh. Xk5w. close
May ?i 3sti. $1 ::nT4 Si .isu $1 •<-%
December ... 1 KH I S5>4 ij3.''% 1 3S'«2
nAItLEY— There was" considerable business
in Fe"(i ou '.Change, the fallowing. .transactions
being rojicrted : Two 10()0-sack lot« nt SI l"i '
yW sacks at SI l.'fs; and -KMO sacks to arrive
mmodiately at $1 12J|; besides tho usual Job'
hints sales. Futures were somewhat lower The
eltuaMcn In th»» latter wps thus stated by Yates
&¦ Wright.- "Th? market for future.4 In nulot
and weak, nd . buyers are TiOldlng, oft brincr
afraid of the oomlns May deliveries and do
not like to t»ke chances on lines of stuil being
i doHverc-d to thrm. Sellers iff their turn fear
< to short the market pwing to> the possibility of
its being cornered and run up. on thorn The
result or the«? two conditions is, no business "
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. ?1 12»/,@1 15; Shipping and Brew|n«c
fl 17H01 20; Chevalier. • $1 15@1 25 for • fair
u> choice. J ' .
FUTURES..
Sesflon 9 to -11:30, a., m.
'Open. High. Low. Clo«e
May— No sales. $1 Ofl% asked. K -
December ... t<» !K» . - 99 ' 99 '
' 2 p. m. Session.
', December— OS%c. ' :
OATS— Dealers reported 'fair sales yesterday
at steady and unchanged prices. ¦ '
White. $1 £7%©1 a7Vi; Black, fl 25«l 35"
Red fl 2.1S1 35; Gray. SI :;2'..j per ctl. ,
CORN — Dealers, am quoting more of a range
"in prices, though the general situation remains
about as before. Tho market is not very brisk
but tlu- feeling Is -'steady enough.
Weutern sacked, $1- XM 1 40 for Yellow
$1 32H,©1.40 for. Whlto land JiaMJl 35 for
Mixed; California large yellow, „ $1 ;J5Wi 4°u
small round 00, $1 50@l 55- White, $1 4O@145
per ctl: EaryDtian, SI 40@l 50 for white and
$1 27%@1 ;io for brownrfaMMIiHMd
. KYE— H at)@l 32»Z. per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— »1 75@2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs. •'
.FLOUR — California Family i Extras -Si 80O
6 10, usual terms; Bakers' . Extras, '$i 700?'
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 &&4?i 25
per, bbl. ," - •.'•¦• -.¦:--..- "-¦¦¦-.. ...**-., 1
MILLSTUFFS— Price* - in -packages are aa '
follows: Graham Flour. "$3 25. per 100 lbs' 1
Rye Flour. $3 25: Rye; Meal. $3; Rice' Flour' ,
J.7: Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do S4- Oat '
Groats. ¦ it 60; . Hominy, $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50@4 75: Cracked Wheat. $3 75- Fa.
rlna. ?4 50; Whole Wheat Flour.' *3 50; Rolled
OatB. bbls. $7 25@8 60; In sacks. |tf 75@ 8 Ia. '
Pearl Barley. ?6; Split Pea*, boxes, *7;^3reen \
Peas. $5 50, per 100 lbs.. % '¦- .". : *' ureea 3
¦Hay and ' Feedstuff s\
'All markets remain' about : the same. Feed- '
stufts being '(iteady and - Hay .continuing in
good shape. for. sellers. e . Mixed F¥ed, however ¦
Is lower. ¦ ~fo™&'*^t*£isB3t$83t&3£ ,
BRAN— $1S@1O 50 per ton
MIDDLINGS— $24©2G 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $16®19 50 per ton. *
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled ;; Barley, - |24©25 "per
ton: Oilcake - Meal.'.- at - the-, mill $29 50(a.31- •
.Jobbing. $32; ."Cocoanut Cake. .$22@23: Corn ,
Meal. ?29 50®3O 50; Cracked - Corn, X3oe.il- '
Mixed Feed, $21022; . , Horse - Beans ¦ : $30® :
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90a per ctL i
Wheat.- $15@17:* "Wheat and Oat.; 1
ft4 50016 50; Oat. $14018; -A Barley., $13@15;
Stock. $12 60® 13 60; Alfalfa. $12 50@l4 per c
ton' '¦''.•¦. v ¦¦,¦¦' - '^- - ¦ . . -
STRAW— 5O@75c per ba1a,V' ,i
...V' EASTERN.
Corn Meal, ctls .500| \;*'
Ftour ¦ qr'fks . „ R.1S0! Hay. • tons .-. 3SO
Wheat, ctls-..., 3,051 1 Tallow, ctls ... fit
Barley, ctls 4,420! Hides. ' No 234
Corn 'ctls ..... 3701 Leather, -rolls .. 121
Rye. 1 Ctls • 4151 Lime.- bbls .... - 91
Beans sks ..... Ill Paper, r^ams .. fi35
Potatoes, sks 1. 3.5861-Pelts. No 270
Onions sks . . . 3«7l Wool, bales . .-. 297
Bran. sk3 ' 60|Wlne .gala ..... 92.100
Middlings, sks. - 40J Brandy, gals ..." 2.650
FOR' THURSDAY. MARCH* 3i.
Receipts of Produce:
' MISCELLANEOUS ' • • . : • <
• • Morning Session. '. . •
" . ' Board— - • " . ' •
20 Alaska Packers' Association... 14* Ciy'
4j California Wine Association...- 93" 60 :
4._t Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 8rt 5O
2o Honokaa.S Co....... i-» mxL
50 Hutchlnson S £> Co. ..I..'.".!"'" 9 CO
45 S F Gas-A Electric ] 57 .75
5 S F Gas & Electric ;... 6*25
10 S F Ga« & Electric ...i... M 00 •
JL&.OUO Pacific Electric Ry 6 per cent. 105 2l
.Afternoon Sesstod. ' -.
• 5 Alaska . Packers' "Association... 145 T3 ''."
i-,a ;V a * ka p . ackc ™' Association... 145 50
120 Hawaiian Cml. & Sugar....... 50 50 '
l»s Honokaa S Co -.". . . 1375
«.•> Paauhau S P Co:..' '..* 13 eait
•ti n£! « Prtng . VaI1 «y Co........ 3» S&\
tir^" " lew «« l *n.GpmI. & Sugar la.AOOW .
*,(i?Z northern Ry. of- Caf 5s.... ...119 60
$15,000 Pacific Electric By 5 per cent. 105 00'
•" ' ' Streetr— ;
10 Alaska Packers' Association*. ..146 CO -.".
Unlisted Securities'. • ...
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Bay" CPC-6... P c R^™£*r
c^iV^rS:^- ., r iun p aass : - -
HI. I Wks5s. - *1O7^ Do 5s . . . Itefc _ ?
k^ x D^S ,«<— «32lSiJttr-.t R5s.M6?113 .
&*".& NP 5S.11114 — |UR of SF i*. 79-S «0 "
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.' . :
Ala S. Co ...23 25'ilMat .Nav* Co. 60 S9 '
Cat Cot Mils 86 '•— jNev'.Nat Bk-lS5 205 '
C Jockey Cl. 99 120 |.V S R R 9K —
Cal Powder. 125 140 N Cal P to* 10U 11JX
Cal ShlpXQ. 15 30." ibak Bk S-avil ?i| _*
r C >' ZJ 1 135 i 0^ T c <>**- 75 — -*¦
<-en Bk Oak <&Va — HOOF Hall A « _ •
Chutes Co .. «• . 7 JOrpheum Co. 14Xi 15T4 :
City &CBk— • 112 [Pac S Tel/.. 101* '. —
East DjBm.150 250 -jparaf Paint. 3S —
DpntPwd.pfd 75 — : | S F Drytfot-Jc « — '
Do com... 40 — iSF&SJ Coal. 20 — •
FN Bk. Oak-120- IS J Wat Co — 10B
Fischer Thtr 1"4 1%'ISO & MTgbt — 163
Frnch-A Bk.103 •— '( £fwj ss .A Bk.113" — -
pas Con A. 19',J 21. (Truck Elect. 10 • '¦— ./
? on ? o^°- U^ — MUR InC pfd. 4.1 *— ¦'
lA>n& SF. Bk — 60 j Do com... . 9 — •
. . Afternoon' Session.
Street-^- ¦ . .
20 Northern California Power" Co. 11 00
California Stockand Oil Exchange '¦
,011. Stock- . ' Bid. . Asked,
Alma ¦•. ...,...,- 1 —k' -
Apollo .....'... ... '. ,'.'.'/. -• '.. . 45 *
Associated Trust Certificates . '•'."" «>o
'Axtec '..-...-... .-..'."....; *¦' "es." •"""- 7-5
.Caribou ...... ; 2 5rt 3 00 •
.Central Point Con ...i CO' ••
i CHlcago Crude'- ".'.... «o . *""
1 Claremont ; . .'. . ' . Ju> * "ii '
[ Esperanza" .:...» ".-, 123
! Kt •::;::::::•.::::::;:::* % ¦ "?° '
. Hanford .......: ...i.. ....170 00 J72*CO
I Home ...-. 125 1 55 ' '
Imperial .....:..........-.-.. ...; 1 » oS '
Independence ........' 21 - '•2
Kern" «....,...-.. JIM 505
Kern River " 9 .V». ' 12 CO
Lion-' '.,. 01 ••
Monarch (of Arizona) -. . ' 40 .' *¦'**•" :
-Monte Crlsto ,;...^^. • W) •* 8S
' Occidental of .-W Va.... - Jf; 12 *
Oil City; Petroleum ..; 33-.
Peerless .'.. .'. . 'flOO "
Reed Crude 1 53
Senator ..:.,.....• ,i.7.;.. ft) " fe .
Sovereign - - 4.1 . -,.
Sterllner ....¦ " 2.55 i'ei '¦'
Thirty-three ...- ;... " ' .q no-'
Toltec .: ; ... 13 ¦
Twenty-eight '...'. , .6 5O. / ".*"* -.
Associated ¦ Bond 5s ....'.... 78*4 ' ....'•
-Mrjcellaneous — '
Abby Land &. Imp ........ "..-.. ' -1 40 .
Flf cher's Theater 123
Northern Cal Power 10 SO 'll"6o
.Paraffins' Paint - 3S 5O-. ..;.
" ' -'Morning Session.
, Board— • . " . ¦•
. " 2 Hanford O1J , '..170 CO ."
3200 Monte Cristo Oil- ;....... go .'
3<)0O Independence' " .....¦..". 21
WOO- Claremont .- }
' . -Afternoon Session. • ;
¦ i • Board —
.200 Home OH t ««
200 Monte Cristo Oil so'
Street— ¦. •
.100 Home Oil ...-..- 18© I
• Mining Stocks.
I SAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHAXGB.
Following. were the faW'on tb« Saii Ffa»-'
Cisco -Stock and Exchange Board' yesterday:
' • Morning Session.
900 Andes 301 SCO Ophlr 6 CO
400 Con C & Va.l 95F 100 Overman .... 27
«X> Con X Y 041 2«>S#r Belcher 11 -
100 Crown Point. 20) 200 Sierra N«v '. 7»
200 Exchequer .. IS 200 Silver Hill ". to
400 Mexican .....2 65 500 Union Con .. »
100 Mexican;.'. ...2 60 ... ., .'."«
Afternoon .Session.
100 Andes ' 48 f 40d Mexican .....2 50
30O Andes 471 200 Ophlr 5 75
2OO Caledonia ,;.l 25| 200 Savar* . .- . Aa
M\ Challenge Con 32| 200 Sierra Key ;*.- 7?
200Chollar ...... 20 100 Sierra Ner .. T5
, 2Q0 Con C. & Va.l 90J 200 Union Con .. £
100 Con C A Va.1 051. 200 Union Con .. 95
PACIFIC STOQK EXCHANGE.
Following were the . tales on th« Paclfla
Stock Exchange yesterday:
;¦ / Morninjr. Session.
70O Alpha Con .. OS 200 Mexican .'.^."2 0ft
200 Alphar Con . . 09 tOO Mexican . . 2 55
SOO Andes 49 300 Ophlr '« 00
JftO Andes'.".'...-.. 50 1 no Overman '.... 2S
300 Caledonia •.. .1 25 3f«> Savage * «O
300 Cbollar ..... 22 20O Seg Belcher!! 12
200 con C & .Va.l 95 400 Sierra. N«r " 7*
200 Con C & Va:2 CO 100 Sierra Nev 4a *
. 100 Con C A Va.2 05 400 Sierra Ner .* SO *
Mexican ..;..2 60 300 Union Con .. 67*
200 Mexican ...2 524 .
.'¦ • . " Afternoon Session. ¦
30O Alpha Con '.. 091 I0O Ophlr- ...SIS
2CO Con C & Va.l 95 100 Sierra Xev ..77
2(K> Mexican 2 50 100 Sierra N«v "7(1
2M>. Mexican... "..'.2 45 '300 Silver Hill .! «0
100 Mexican .....2 40 100 Union Con .. 97
100 Mexican ...2 42& -
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following' were .the sales on the San Fran-."
Cisco and Tonopalj Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. 1 -.
350 MacNamara . 221 500 Ton Belmonf . «2
400 Mont Ton..l 37H{ 100 Ton Belmont.-. fO
100 Ton Midway. , 3611000 Ton & O W. 06
: Afternoon Session. '
30O Evelyn ...-¦.. 34U70O Ton Belmont.. 60''
4C0 MacNamara. . 22f 500 Ton Belmont ,''P2 '-¦
24W Mom Ton ;-4 40 1500 Ton Midway.. S8
200 Mont, -Ton.. 1 42«4| ;¦^ • . ¦
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.^.
THURSDAY, March 31—4 p. "in
. Bid.Ask.I , BId.Ask *
Alpha OS 10[Justice O3-04'
Alta -• 08 ODJKentuck 02' 03"
Andes '.'... . . . 47 4S! Kf yes Graes.. — 7S .
Brl<-h-r ...-¦• 2fl 28lLady Wa«h... — Cfl
Best'ft Belch.2 35 2 BOlMexican ....2 40 2 15
Bullion ...... CO 10|Occidental ... 8D 91
r«»»««rton'a'. ...l'2ft 1 2.'ilOphir .5 62*4 5 75
Challenge Con 32 31|Overman .... 27 . 28'
Chollar .'<.... 20 2111'otosl 2« SS
Confidence ...1 00 1 10,' Scorpion ..... 00 11
Con C & Va.l 90 1 951 Savage 5« 57
Con Imperial. 02 OHISeg Belcher.. -11 12
Con NY.... 03 Otj Sierra Nev... 75 ..*7-
Crown :- Point. 20 22F Silver H1H ... M : f>o
East Sierra N 05 s — {St Louis- 10 i.-?
Eureka Con.. — . 50[Syndicat» .... 04 - 05
Receipts of everything were. ample yesterday
and those of Cheese large, as -will be seen. The
warm, sunny weather, ijupplemented by the in^
creasing arrivals, .caused' a still Weaker feeling
in Buttef and Eggs and' both were. offered At
a decline, 1 with dealerr<going around offering
to sell to . each ¦ Other at the lower quotations.
Even th.e Easter demand was Insufficient to
keep- up the price jot Eggs, -and close buyers
r«pc*rted that they . securod fine ranch at 19c.
The', production- Is- expectefl to show 1 a further
increase with warmer weather. ,'
- "Jlocelpts were Cp.<XM> lbs Butter, 1739 -cases
E/ga and-ra.HOO.lbs.-Cheese. ... .-- . " . -.
BUTTKR— Creamery . at first hands.- 21c
for extras. 20c' for flfsts and' lSglfle- {'or
seconds; dairy, 15010c; store -Butter, nominal;
cold storage. 2(£r for extras, lfiif -lfto" for sec
onds and l,i;@lKc-forMadIe-packed.
CHEESE — 8%®9c fir good to cholce'new
and'70Sc for lower. grades; Young America*;
•JVi^lOc; Eastern; I5@ltic; 'Western. 3 14@15c
per lb. • - - «...- ' -.
EGGS— Ranch'. 18«4@2Oc far fair, to choice;
store. 1701S&C per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
LOCAL MAEIvETS.
¦ ." -Foreign Futures:-- .'':1'r.-*/ - ;
. - : ¦ "-.' ' LIVDRPOOL.'-' '. ';
¦ '.Wheat — • %' ¦-->',: i"i.:V '¦-''- .May. ¦ July.
Opening -. .'. ..-. ...'.. ft '% ¦ 8 7%
Closing ..... .- ....-...:. 6 7% 6-"8
. • -PARIS: ..'.-'
. Wheat-:- .'•. .-' . ¦ March.' Sept.-Dec
Opening 21 75 . 51*25 "
•Closing ¦......;'..*.'.'.... ."21 85 21 30
Klo'u.r— • • ¦": '• ¦ ' . - - ' ' •' . ,
Opening : :»...: ...28 65 ." 2») 05 -
Closing '...,.. ......;... 28 85 ', 29 15 -.
.' St: Louis Wool Market, •
ST. LOUIS; March 31..— W6ol." steady. Med
ium grade's, combing and clothing, 18ff22c
light line, lS<fil7«fc";' Keavy. fine, 12@14>£c- tub
washed, 20®31c. ?¦<.-> . ' •'
Northern Wheat Market. .'•
•••¦-.• . OREGON. : . ' .
PORTLAND,- March "3.1.— WHEAT— Walla
\Valla, 75c; bluestero, Sic; valley, Sic. • •• \
. ¦'.-.: •' — WASHINGTON/ . '•.¦."
TACOllA-, March' 3l'.— WHEAT-^-lo higher
fojr blticstem at 83c: club,' • 75c. >• '-[; " ..
• Northern Business* ¦'-. '
.'"«•' *•' - " ¦ v
'•SEATTLE:.' March- 3l.- : - J Cleartngs, S515 3CS-'
balances. $100,044.- " '""• " * ¦ '¦".
' TACOMA". - • Marc.h 31. — Clearings, $3.}l,tf>4;
balances.'.' 504,227.. ' . ...
PORTLAND. "Mirrch.- 31.-TClearlngs, $"475*14
halanc<-B, $.<i«.330. ' . " -, v
. SPOKAXJ^" March JJl.-rClearlngs, $327,Oi56;
balances, ¦ $92,011. -.- ¦'«.'.!. • -^ •
Poultry and .Game.
Trade In Poultry -continued quite active, but
prices- of small stock,: iuch as Broilers and
Fryers, were 'lower,, ns th« demand was less
urgent than at- the beginning j of- the " week.
Small Broilers wf re : the weakest' description
and"' quite a few coops wefe still unsold at
the close. YoUng- Roosters 'were very scarce
and firmer 'and good" heavy Hens met with
prompt-sale at good prices. «No Western cam.e
in, .but a car. was reported close at -hand and
due at any -time: - "• '
Changes In Game, were slight. '.Receipts were
light' but ample."- • - " -. . " • • ¦ .-• '
POTJLTRY— Live Turkeys. lC<gsi?c" .per -lb;
Ceese,. per. pair. $2@2 2J>:« -Goslings, $2&2 25;
Ducks. $5 50*fitt 50 per dozen for old and-?G 50@
7 5f». for young; >Iens", • f 7@S- .for large and
55 50@6 50' for small -.". young Roosters, ?7 50®.
8 50; old Roosters. '.$5^6; Fryers, $5" 5D@6 50;.
Broilers, $4 5005 50- for large and- |2 50@3 50
for "email; Pigeons.. $1 25^1 CO per dozen for
old and f2.50@2 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Qeese; $.^<g 1 .'* CO per dozen; White
Geese. *1®1 50; -Brant. *l 5C@2 tor small and
$2 60<g3 for lawe: . Honkers, $4®3; • Engjish
•Snipe; $¦? 50; common Snipe.- -|l , r >0#2; Rabbits •
$1 5O®2 for Cottontails and $l@l 25 for Brush;
Hare. $1 25@1 50 • . . ' '
¦|.'.in.."t-he.-'forvigti exchange.' situation -and , the
: -I i;Qnilng-'outwar"d" movement of .gold, which Is
f-Y--\P^oti?d'to''fun'to m'aiiy 'milliocs of dollaiiu
a '- -ji;v(3--in .the .-ouinion :of pome Exchange- experts
e'rr.ay.trach the amount of the. remittance to be
d.-"-- iriade.;o,.'P'a.ri».on account of the. Panama canal.
n I faVm^nt.-. -U is .lx lteved that any accumula
*! ttoft. fo'--. bills " sihi.ch may have lx»en . piade f or
,1 iWs":i'jirpo%e.' has been working off at the pro-
nujihg. in tb« market.- bo that prdr
:'.-+, vi«u'n : ;for tho ' : fiurixise remains to be made.
¦ .4 ;Ti!e ¦;*'*Vhamge.'-j-ate' to-day was at the point
¦..|'wh«jrj;"'5oM. 'thirnjent?.. would -tshow 'a. margin
~'!±«Q&nSltti but -.owing, to' lack, of shipping faclli=
¦>iiif<:no- cold', fs Jikely -to go out. until .neit
•S.. "jrw-pfOi:- * ; h'ea'.f< -.is expected pevera\ millions 'wtll .
,! ,: W:>Wpj>ed;.--'TJhe '.present abjiorjnal eizi ¦ of
"M.inoney- Iti- N«w- -York- is. undoubtedly due la
" .#¦ lia'rt-to.'the-arcjumulatlon here of Government
l > ] apiVwit* -ln-p:-fpaca\ion for -the Panama- canal.
.' j'a-\-jiiefntE.'-. Wltb -conditions In- the exchangt
. [ •niark'e't'-as-.'a-t T^resent It Is r.ot probable that
.- -xvhfp'the 'T>aym<»rit-' is made" the ..proceeds will
¦; -rin:ain. Jn New Y : ork. Tlie effect On the money.
--. 'Vihrkc.t.. will • b? "watched with Interest. • "In
** • '-l'a'r'5.-- Berlin- •a'nd-'Lonrdon rh'e." <rSkrt?Tty- .rt-r
i" -aUJremeiTts. for • .' 1" are .- extraorillnarlly
e. r-.ii«».ayy. as revealed- by tli 1 9 week's retfoxts .of ;
»' :-!i> i;r»'at -foreign harnks.- But vllh.t-he turn of
•ft-" .tV.e' quarter .'a large 'reflux of funds to the.cir-'.
', .yulation is looked for, with resulting effect on
• -i-"m«ney : r'afe§. wlil.ch may'-modify the. pressure
' 1 : <m. S>w...York for gord.-. Th,e " domestic move
¦¦•V.men.rrof ."currency. 'i;ri>cars to;' be still .'in fffvQr
¦..-.- 1. of • Xfjr .York ln..^p'it.e".of- remittances of Gqv
it V.frfimerjt;.de|ioslJ.sJ ..-United Ssates Steel "refitct-;
\ T .L'r;l-a' niiire "conHS« v Bt' f-^elins' \J ver ' I he • nref erred .
K- -<J'ivider:d; .-•«*ovfring".of- ;horts rallied the-.-mar-
«.J-k.et-{iuri.r;x-..the". latter- part Wthe day, but.the
3 j .closirisr-.-.w-as." heJay-y'A ¦'¦.'¦...¦ "- /.".'• ' • V."
« r ..^Cpn(rs...«>fe;>tfcady;-." ; Tptaf.'.yales. $2,555,000.-."
e ! 1'rJretf- Sut<?s-Jbon<l's-wpre unrhanged an -call. •¦ ¦
jf ."••''.'". "A; ¦'." .*S*^*-Y : 6RK;stocy;..Lisi'. : .^ : .V^
V', -'St<jtk» — ¦¦••."•':• ••.'Sales". "Hich. Low. -.Close.
"'. Atrhifeon". .V/,- 31MOO ".72*4" -714 .72'6
I I- ."VK'hiabh -plj .:'-\ .' l.*Jt> . 1»2' »0"r 4 ; Ul\ i
L -'.U^ltfrnore &:Ohjb. " .V300 S0 s i" TJlii " "»%
7?aT-t-;& -Oliio; pfd:. ••" ..... .".;..'" 8» .
• '.•.Canadian Pacific.:-. • 500 llS^- 115«i 115»4
; • CrtjtraJ of. n- J .--... : ' .-. . .--.. . . ; . ' 15« . •
I ]'.<rhesapea!ke A 'Ohio" ll,<T00-. '."»*^ "32% ' 33S
' ••-. rhicaso "•&- Alton;-. ¦•:.. 100 • 'SS'i, >SS% 33.
-Ida &• A-ifcfn j.rd,: ."^ '....¦• ..•..-. ..:."-8oH"
. ."«-hr. St'Gr*-at VCe%t •".'."SOO 15^ 15^ 15> v
-. k <"M "i-Xdrthwestern;-. 100 ¦• 1711^3.'' 17O^j 171 '
' «"hh "Mil" <i t^t~y. . 12r.St»0 -J*5% .144 "145 •
". C- J* &..St P r,£d. '100. ".175.. • 175 ' X74'/i
-Terra '"& -T ran: ..'... ".-.-.< " '...". 8Vj
"-. I.Chi" T& T ptd-. : ..- .:.^. .'..,-. -....," inu.
. } C: C." : C- &" 0t Loiiis. .-.....••.."..: .",-.. • T5
-¦•};<*qlqra4o Southofcn.. . : ;100 f«V*--- ltt.'i " IC
t '.f'Cpfo South 1st pfd. .:'..:.'...."... ¦' 5214
:-j Colo -South 2U. pfd.- KX) .2-'<Vi. 2t"'i • 23''.
¦/ '-.Oti' &. Hudson '.R<»0.' 15-tV' -15*" ' l.Vt*;
f D*>1. ¦ 'Laok & West- •' ]Oi> 'SGSii " *M5*«' " 2C2\ t
¦ Heaver: •$ 'Wo G .'. .¦&/«*» 2t»«- --.21 --2l£
."¦ Derf-.&-Kio .G.-i>fd. -.- riW 70S. " .te>»i.- f»»4 .'
¦ ; Krie ; ., ; 1:. -.'•«.¦¦ :6..VK) • "2tJ*!i" •¦"'«•• -2<J» S .
_ Erie- lRt .p^d.' « , . Si* «t. -.. ««•£:. '«rf«fe
..- ..Krie •Td-prd- -¦....".•;¦. •• -200.-; 4t'"'. : 40% . 40»«
.Hocking. 'Valley: .. •;.."-.". .:7.^:.:J. -73H
1 ..Hocklnig';..Val--.-pfd.-" "• i.-. :J-.'. ; ."„"". : ": .-'. . i" " 8CV
'-, l'llincfs, Central : -'.U' ' -700' ISlhi ' -'130 - ' : 130-'."
- %ow^- .Cfnjral.'.-: . . ;•' 1.^. l% : .-.-. .- :. - v , ; .: iria"
.'• -Iowa Central-. pfd.. ..... ¦ .-..%•" '.'.¦.%•.¦" 33 \
-. -K- "C.;'Southorn •.•.-."•:.. ...I.-. "• ..-.u". ..;.".'".. 18"'
. ¦'. !lv- Cl Stnithern -ptd ' '..•.':¦.:'¦ .•.•.'.• " •¦ i". ¦ . sfi£
¦;¦ Loui !>."..& 'iNaph ¦ -7.000 -10«?i'. J07% r '^t08V
. • Manhattan-. L ,..'. " --7Q«"'l43' "1421^ -142't
-• iletrc'jjoi- Secur.-.." 'ft.-CKW :.49V t '*- 7(»W'" 78M
!* J'^r 0 . St" ny-, -..;.." 1,800 . -112H 111H " 1T2«,
•• .Minn-&-St-Louijr v ..w. ••.;.;•• • . ¦ - 50
-. . M.. et,Pf;-.K S M.."".:liX» " 61% : «.%t— "S '
¦ M;".SfP &- SSMpfa frOO "IIS^- .11»U 119"
• Iynesdu.il -PaciacV. . 13,-2(><> :«^i 4 «2"^ "' •UJt;
• M,.- Kan .4.- Tex..^ " •" 10<» . \~,U- 17U '' nil
: M, K.. & T pfd. : .."_ 809' -39-L4-.'-3S"4 -38*
' Nat.RR of Mex pfd" /.... ; ...'..- . • • "374
» »-**»" ,y^' rk L "^V-'.*'- • :^ )0 " "«*; 'uc*4 fie'.
-^ortollf & .Weri.-.. ' 300 ••••&$«* ..58'i- tW»i
' -^or &. West pfd...; ...;.,-.;.. " .- . f^- 1
; -Ontario &'.-Wett.-.' 1,400 . '21 K • 2Ui .' "14
• I Pennsylvania ..-".•. •:-." 10. 10Q lj.b'% " : 117V' "llSW
; ] P. C .C-& Si- Louis'." ." . . :;. . "t. ¦ ' -59$
I" Reading- -..-,-,. ..V21.500 -.«*j . 4\% '45
\ Rending 1 tx pfd, ., • , ,-. . v ,:• . :. .... .-:: *r
J .Kcadjri*-.-2d p*d — ' " ;,2*io . . 6Q->4 ..• 60tj .- ro''
l^ock'.l'land; .Co- .-.", 2,-3<Jii- .- 2.T ." 3S-. ZHi
¦ Rork'-l^lahd.-r-o' pfil : ,2Of»'" ".-«U i-"'«2tt <--6'»H •
Ft- LouiW s -vr.yta: 1 -' .•:•.•.•..--!¦•'•"". Ui&.Sfi,
Hdurtiern" -Pacific .. ...2I,70a" : M>4^";|»it' . Vji*
Southern Rall»-a.y..--6-,Siti)''22vZ'" -2riZ' •»«2
south Ran. pfd : . ;; -. • sno:- -sr .': 83 T il" : Su
Tex-. A." Pacitrc ... / • ruin. "24»i- "til :""*¦¦
T. St L & -West... --1OO- "25i2 -25'2 • ""Sj : '
T, Et X. & W pfd ...... I : "-34U
tJnion Pacific . , ....M.SflO- •- POU ¦' 84% mvl
rnion- Partfld pfd". 1,400 -83 '. 9r* . gSJ?
Wabajh ..-.." loo-' J»H 19?i- 1SU
Wabash pfd ..-..-.. 1.3.W* 37^ ig£ : ZZ2
WMcel & Lake- E. •• 400 .'-17 • lCW'-- UiS.
WlsctmEln Cent «.•-.. - -• >« •
Wlncon Ont pfd.. ...... - .»..*•• *'.'.' 40
Express. Companies — -.- ¦ -. '*"¦*-*;.••". .
'A'dams ,.:.".".....•:..' ..,.. ,-,,' m .-...225
Apiertcan .-...,,..' ;*..'• .. ..•••"* ,**: •
UnHed States .-.:. ;...^ ' '"*• \?Z "¦
Wflls-Farg<J ". ;...;. \.-.\ ' ' ; *V 205 •'
'• Mircellaonou* — . ':' ¦-.. ****
-.ArrmU-am Copper. . 11.9<y> • 49*£ - 4STA * 401/
Am Car * Fd.v....-.' w ..." . :.. - - ii,-?
Am Car * .Fdy pfd -.100 72.U 72H 71^
Am cottotj on.... :....¦ ¦-...-.¦'. . H . ; -»g
Am Cotton 'Oil 'pM '. •' ..',.. "|.'| ss ¦
American Ice ...... ..,..""• ''.'.'.'.' 714'
American Ice. pfd...." : 200.' 27H- ii'u 27?!
Am Linseed. Oil..". ". : ...'. - K14
Am,Ivln Oil pfd ".'„. ..".. •*";" 2?^!
Am • Locomotive -. .." 600' -il*i - "21S 21W-
Am Iyjcomo pTd."..'".' • , v .'. "I .'_.. 82
Am 'Smelt'& Rfg-. . .700 491J 49 " 4HM
Am Hm & Rfff pfd.". " 300 «J " 92'4 P"W
Am sur?r" Rfg...: 4,«oo in% 12714 127%
'Anaccn Mining-Co." "...-..' .... . .-;•.'. c«'
Drook Rap Tr an-. ... -4,800 44*^. 43U 43?i
Colo Fuel- & Iron.-. • .300. 2SH '28. ¦¦2SW
Ccnsolidated 'Gai . ' 1.40O 19S 187^4" 197'i
Corn Produrt» ...v . 600 • 15% 13*4" 13 vj
Ccrn Products pfd^' ..- ' .*...-¦ .... 68U
Distil' Recuriti**" '. . .-200 24H 2<H 24U
General "=7Iectrlc .. . 200 164H 164U J64 '
Ipternatl Kap<»r ".'.. •:..".-. •...'.. ... . 11-
Int. Paper pfd :.:.."....'.. ..}.'. .... " 65
Ir.ternatl. Pump ..-...• .200-38 87%' 37
Int Pump pfd -..:».'¦ .. 75
Nationarl Lead- " 100 • 15 • 15 ¦•" "]'3$i
North Ara^Mcan "..-"":. .-I ....* ..-.., 8a
Pacific Mail ...... ¦ luO- 27 " " "27 . -2T
•ivople's .Gas .16,000 l00?4' .H8 '. 09*1
rrefsed Bteel Car..- 300- 30 .-30" . 29 .
Prepned St Car pfd. ...'..¦'* '; <?i)t$
Pullman Pal Car..- .:...' 2O8«4
Rppubllc Pt«?I "... .¦ 200 • -"7.«i ~% ' 7«4
rtrpnblic "fiteef rif d ¦ " "... - 42%-
Rubber Goods ¦'.:...-•.... 19
Rubber -Goods pfd ' .-.. • 77VJ
Tern Coal & Iron".. 4,100 S9»4 • 38>4 3S**
V R leather.. , 400 -.7 0% «%
U 8 Leather pfd. I. 500 78 78 .* 77 »*
IJ- S Realty 6V»
t. T R Realty pfd.... /1O0 50*4 .50% 50»4
i: fi Rubber 30O 13% 13% 13«
TT S RuM*er pfd... l.*K) K5»i 54 « 65*
»r S Steel 700 liy, U% im
17 S FUvl pfd 71,inr)- R9i^ 6?« r.9%
Wcstlnghouse Elec -200 150 • I58VS K.9
Western Union ., 88'i
Total sales 393.900 chares.
UNITED RAILROADS OP SAN FRANCISCO."
NEW YORK. March 81. — Bond transactions
of the United Railroads of San Francisco were
$20. COO at $79 75.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY".
Common, bid 4*4. asked 4%: preferred, bid
55*4, asked SO.
NEW YORK BONDS.
JJ S ref 2« reg..lO5%|L * N unified 4%. 99
Do coupon.. ....105%| Man con gold 4s..l03U
Do 3« teg lOCUiMex Cent 4s «5
Do coupon 10634 Do 1st Inc.... 134
Po new 4s reg.132% Minn & St L 4s. 4ti
Do coupon 133 M. K & Tex 4t. 100
Do old 4s reg..I07Q Do 2ds 77U
Do coupon 108'i NR of Me x con 4s 7C
Atch gen 4s .10114 N T C gen Sijs.. O7«4
Do adj 4» . 89 N J C gen 5s....l28"rl
Atlantic C L 4s. !>2'S Nor Pacific 4s. ..103%
I?al & Ohift 4« 102 I Do 3s 719J
• Do 3>,4s 0* I Nor & W con 4s. 98tJ
! Central of Ga . r >s.l0<i'4|OfiL 4s & parUc> 04%
Do 1st lnc Cfi Pa conv 3%s.... »6«I
ICh*-* & Ohio 4*4«.in7 ! 54 1 Reading iren 4s.. OC.%
UZhi & Alton 3>|s. 76'iJSL^t I M-con r«.litV
¦C. U & Q new 4s. 91 |fc L & S F fg 4s. £2*4
•SALT FISH— Mall reports from New York
say:' '.'The market, which showed decided
Weakness during the fore Dart of. last week,
assumed a better- tone yesterday under an in
creased demand by consumer«. : While the
trading was not- spirited; -it was sufficient to
check, any further general ... decline.' |n - price*,
with the single exception of HalifakVb'cyaiers.
which fell ort to ?17@18, with ?*p. -Is slightly
weaker- at ' S'lli&n. - On the other- hand. : Nor
ways were quoted at $35®36. ' The .best-" Indi
cation of a- stronger market wss in Irish •mack
erel, the shippers limiting the trade to $15.
Taken as a whole, tho market was In. a, better
condition and showwJ Improvement.
COALi — Wellington, $S per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle, $tt 60: Bryant. $U 50; Bea
ver Hill, $6; Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7; Cooi
Bay, $5 50; Greta, $7: Wall.iend. $7; Richmond,
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 in bulk' and $14 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
¦Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh- Lump,
$11 50; Cannet,' $S 50. per ton; Coke; $11 &u@13
per. ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $11 '45 per 2000' lbs and $12" SO
per lonaKton, according to brand.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for casea.
add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw: Castor Oil. In cases, No. 1, 70c;
Bakers'. A A, $1 10@l 12; Lucol. .45c for boiled
and 43c fcr raw; China Nutr, 60®T0c per gallon;
Cccoanut OH In barrels, 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. 85c; natural winter Sperm Oil.- 80c; extra
•bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c; natural Whale
Oil. 60c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Lard .OH, 00c: pura Neatsfoot Oil. 75c;
No. l'Neatsfoot Oil. 65c; light Herring Oil.
45c; dark Herring Oil, 43c: Salmon Oil. 38c;
boiled Fish Oil, 40c; raw Fish Oil. 38c; boiled
Paint Oil. 35c; raw Paint Oil, 33c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH. In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20%c: Astral. 20Hc;
Star. 20%c; Extra Star. 2i%c; Elaine. 26&c;
Eocene, 23 >4c; Deodorizefl Stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 16c: in cases, 22V.c: Bcntine. in bulk.
13c; In cases, la^c: 86-degrejs Gasoline in
bulk. 25c; -in casea. 31c
. TURPENTINE— 84c oer gallon In cajes and
78e in drums and .Iron barrels. • •'
RED AND WHITE LEAD-^Red Lead. 7©
7%c per lb; White Lead,- 7@"Hc, according to
quantity. ¦'..•¦
' SUGA-R— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes 'as follows, per 4b, 4n 100-lb baga:
Cubes. A' Crushed and. Fine Crushed, 5.65c;
Powdered, . 5.50o; Candy. Granulated, "5.50c;
Dry Granulated, fine. •• 5.40c: Dry Granu
lated,, coarse, 5.'40c: "Fruit Granulated^. 5.40c;
Ueet Granulated ( 1 00- Lb " bag's only). 6.30c; •
Confectlpners' A . 5.40c; -Magnqlla A. :6c:
Extra C. 4.90c; . Golden <*. . 4.80c; "D."
4.70c: barrels, 10c more; half barrels. 25c more;
boxes, 50c more: 50-Ib basis: 10c more for all
kinds. Tablets^-Half barrels, 5.00c: boxes.
<!.15c; H. &E.' Crystal. Dominos. S.4Qc per 'lb: j
No orders taken for less than seventy-five bar- i
rels or -Its equivalent. • • *
j BAGS— Grain Bags are higher again at 5f4e
spot and 5%c June— July; -San Qucntln, $5 40;
WoolBags, 32@35c; Fleece Twine, ¦¦ 7%©8c.
General Merchandised
?- i t.^. P Bn <s-107«;|St Louis SW lsts. 0i%
oo r r con ' 7sl - > '-»^'i Seaboard A L 4s. 70
r^ 1 , &^ p «c-4s. 703i^So IMp.1flc 4s..... S9",i
ni^n 2 o s r * 7 " So Railway 5s...li:j
c-hi'% SL en4s.U>» I Tex & Tac l-sts-110»4
r™. %*£ 4 * •••-¦«> T. St L &W. 4s. -C9»4
CoPn 7°c aCC^ 4s - S »U Unfon Uacinc 48.103-:,
Colo ft So 4s.... 86 | Do conv 4^.... 08*4 '
n»« $. l>. conv 5s " 7l |U S Steoi 2d 5e.. r5>4 !
E^ll ?ri '^, G 4s ' 9 7^Jwabash lilts. .....110 • i
Oo ger i 4s. ..... ,<5><,|.w & L, Erie 4s.. 97% •
Koc'k^a 0 . Sffl§S8lS! ° ent . 4 *~:-- !
NEW YORk MINING' STOCKS. : • )!
Adam. Con ...... 151 Li t ti« - C hlef ...-..•'. 06!
•BreVc/ • • -' • SOt Ontario ..... . .'. . 4 25
•l^Sivm Z .lS5!Small Hopes ... ,15
L«adill!e Con .... 02[ Standard ...: 2 53
Boston Stocks and Bonds. '¦' ¦
Time >oan s CM^wSMfJ^^SSyi
•Bonds — . . -. ¦/ Mining ¦ • >?-;
Atchison 4s .'. Oft. Ad-vcnture #2ii"
.._. KS^lAiroucx. :.....-.'... 4«v
: M ?W 63-!Amal C6 P1 >er VoiS'i
. Rallrcids-,- , .Uracc Zinc ; 10 I
Atchison r 7i>u I Atlantic ..:..„;.... 8 ' !
Do.pfd m% Blngliam ........ 2l' I !
Boston & .Albanj-,245 Calumet & Hecla.400 ; |
Lcston A-. -Malne.160 Centennial .'....:. lftK.I
.Boston Ele A - ...... ins'4 Copper Range ;.. > 42-V i
FUchburg pfd^ . .%13S I Daly .West ...... 25 v
*!«* Central ...;. OHIDom Coa.l ....".-. 09 . i
•N.*t.. N H & H-..-lS!»>-,-! Franklin- -ti ,
r+rei ilarquette. . 78- iGrancy ..-.'...V... 2-v,
Union Pacific;... SG Ilile Royale ...„.-•. 714.:
MlscelJaneoua — tMapft Mining*.!.. V ¦••
Am*r Arge Chem. l3%tMichIgan .:*:.... T>^
Do.pfd .7 72 JMohawk. .,.:..-... 3!ja;.i
Amer. Pneu Tube. B j:Mont Coal A C. -ji','
• Amrr Sugar 127oi|oid Dominion-... 13^4
Do pfd -...12.-iJ.il oseeola ..'...¦ 5S%
Amer Tel ft Tel. 125'^ iFarrot ... ..\.::.. 25.
Amer Woolen .'.. I0«-il(5ulncy' ''93'
' Dopfd 74 >4t Shannon ' «•
Dom iren & S../- S?4-! Tamarack .- 91 .
Ea Elect lHum..234 Trinltv P .. '...-,:.,'. • 4 ¦•:
Gen E!»ctrlc 1(53 J t; S Mining . 2HJ
Mass Electric 1» \V f>. Oil :.;. ' 0'i.
Do pfd ...' 7.1 HTtah ...;. .... 3.174.
¦Mass Gas' ..:... 3MJ| Victoria, :.•...'.... r,H '
I -7.<»M Truit -...'. 101'/! Winona- .......... gt;-
Un Shoe'-Mach . .- 4S I Wolverine 71 1
- Do Jifd '...;.... 2S'i.4|" ••-. . . ' ;¦;•:•
¦-..London '.Closing Stocks.'' . •
'Cons m.oncy..;.S« 7-16IN Y Central. ':.-.. r'oV
-.Dd.acct ...,S8 ; 7-11'Nor - "& Western/. BBK'
Anaconda. .......... 3U| Do pfd .... S!)
Atchi.«on- -. ..73?i!Ont & Western.. -22\L
t; *?°c p l d - -- : - •*•¦•• 94 v ' Pennsylvania '60 v, •
•Hal & Ohio S2^lRand IDnes .•..•.-.' flic
¦Tan Pacific aiSV: Reading. .......... ".-Jii
Ches fc.Ohio.,.-.. 34 Do -l«t pfd../.: 4O''
Chi Great W jlrt .-D7> 2rf pM 3n , >
Chf; Mil & St P:i-4ii- So Railway " ! ¦ -22%
V* B^™ '• ' 9^ " Do Pfd • ss.'l
Den,& RloG.,..21 So Tacific ..:.... -M
• r<? 0 pfd -- •• n l iL'nion Pacific.. :. : .sn«:'-
Erie -............:.,; 71 U -Do pfj ..'.:..,; 05 •
: Do- 1st p(d fifi u S-- Steel...../ . 11 14
.; Ddi'.pTd:: _.-..-., 42- ' Do nfd -.,..,. .«so«
•!" .'^ntral ,..*,. ,134 .Wabash . inu.
i-.l>0u^: i- Nash.. -.Hi I i. Do Pfd ...:-.,:. 3«!V..
j M. . K -.ft • Tesas. -. . . is»{ I Spanish 4s . .-. . . . . .SOU
-. Ba r . silver— Steady; 25 Vjd per- ounce. • '
-. Mrtney— 3V.@4 per cent. .
"v ¦ e T a ,^- Of in.the open- market 'for '
short -bill, i fs ?ii©3.per cent- and. for- three,
months^'- rjiUs. 2*sper cent. : ¦ .
¦¦ : : 'Ne7u':Yoik Cotton Market. .
" N^ r YORK. Mar7h~3T-The' cotton futures'
market. dof^d strong. 14 to .2(1 -points "up.
:'¦. I' Nczv. York Dry Goods.' '¦
' -NEW rrORK. "March 31.1-TotaMmDort« 'of
dry good- at this port Tor the-week eliding to
•>iay were valued at $2,374,075.' . . • .- .
' New- York Grain and Produce. "
iLHkF YORK - M 9-'ch Sl.-FLbUR-^Re'celpts.'
CS.CKXt; exports, 6(»0:- firm.- •• • ' •
•AVH.EAT— Receipts,". 124.5.18; spot,' steady
No. 2 red, fl OS nominal elerator a-nd SI 10 f
o v b. afloat; No. 1 DulutU. $1 C6'4 nominal f'
o.:b.. afloat. Qptlons.werp dull all day,- closing
unchanged to . «ic n«"t lower.;. "May ". closed
¦^X'ni"^ cJ^*" d "3 !^^.". September ctose'ii *5cv
riL^r^s—^pteady. - * •-.'.-- -.*
• • HlDES-^St'eady;" ' ' '".'
. . WOOL--F1rm. • " ¦ . " • . " •
.-. Petroleum— "EaBy. '• " ' . .."•-.
•"SUGAR — R»**'. firm: "refined, firm.' "• •""
. ; . COFFEE— Spot, steady; reHn^d. firm. .' The
mirrket for ¦ceffec. futures opened' steady at an '
advance of T»@10 j»ints on moderate -covering '
•and -a, better demand. • The vising was qui^t ;
• at- a D«t advance, cf &@\0 poin'tH. : Reported ;"
-r-aies wer? 31.5OJ bags. May.- 5.5C>@5.65c- July ;
5.80c'; Noyem&er, 620g6.30c; December, .G.35<3v i
6.40c.- •". '¦...- ' '• -• ..-'.. -' * • j
." . A r fi«. York Metal, Market. . •
NEW YORK' March 31,— Spot tin wag''un
changed in London and futures were lower '¦
>a that 'both po«ltion» closet), at. -£127 15s.
Locally- tin- was a shade easier, closing quiet'
¦at ?2S@2S-25.-.- ' ' .' •
• Coprer advaTiccd -2s Cd to £5S 2s 6d and .
£5717»-«d for gp-it and futures In the Lon- ¦
don market, Locally copper was firm. Lilko i
"and electrolytic, $12 S7'i@13; casting-, JJ12 P.2Vj !
.-Lead unchanged, at £12 3s "9a lh London
Kml :.?¦»¦ 60tS4'C5 in New York; .
• Spelter was . unchanged in both " markets,
. closing al $5 1505 20 locally- and- at £22 in-
London.- •..;••¦. ¦ • • , " •
Miscellaneous Markets.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, 6@7c per lb for
extra, 4@5c for No-. 1 and 3#4c ¦ for f No. 2;
Rhubarb, 75c@fl 23. "per box; Green Peas, 3@4c
per'.;lb-; ' 'Strfng Beans, " per lb. Toma
toes.' $1 2."<72 per box or crate for Los Angeles
an'.l"91 7562 for -Mexican; Summer Squash
from L03 An£ele,s, 91 50<52'per btfx; CabJbage,
$1 10 per ctl: Carrots, -50c. p*r sack: Hothouse
Cucumb.ers, (101' 50 per dozen; Garlic, 12V&@15c
per lb.-. Egg Plants * p»r lb; Dried -Pep
pej-s, 6eSc. per lb for -Stockton and 10®12Hc
for south'ern; Dried .Okra', 1<>@12V4c per* lb;
Green Peppers (Mexican), 20@2.'}c per lb; Mush
rooms. .10©20c' per lb; Marrowfat Squash 1®
l>4c per lb; Hubbard. %c jer lb. '
ONIONS— Yellow, $2@2 60 per ctl for Or
egon, and $3C0®3 75 for Australian;. ¦ Green
Onions, 35050c per box. SSEBagaSftli' •
The situation ¦ In table Potatoes ; was un
changed, stocks being moderate and .the de
mand steady, particularly for < good t stock.
Nearly all holders were firm In .their views and
several, were predicting hl*her; prices as a re
sult of the extensive .damage to-.the . growing
craps in the flooded river districts. Th« recent
arrivals of Oregon Hurlmnks were well cleaned
out of first hands \ and the quotations . bad a
narrower range. New Potatoes arrived freely,
but as th.e market had previously been bare
the receipts were readily marketed at higher
rates.; A 'firmer ' feeling prevailed In. Onions,
as rid and wet stock was gradually drying out
with .the warmer- weather. -.Choice lots. of Or
egons were bringing a small advance over the
quotations at tho stores, but .flrst- hand p'rlces
showed no improvement. '¦
Receipts of Asparagus were a llttl« in excess
of 1-0CO' boxes,' about 400 boxes less than on the
preceding day. There . was a steady demand
both for 4ocnl use arid shipping . account and
prices for all grades were slightly higher. The
canners v.er.e purchasing freely, paying: 3#3*,&c
for No. 2 and. 4c -for No. 1.- Receipts of bay
Peas were '364 sacks and- prices ranged lower.'
Receipts o" Rhubarb were nearly 1000 boxes,'
but the market cleaned up .well under an un
upually good demand for shipment north.' Stocks
of Garlic were ¦ very ' light and were held by a
fewdealers. who were exacting hlKher prices.
POTATOES— BurbankB from the river. $1 10
@$l 20 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks,"-91 30@l 50
per. ctl; River RedF, $1(^1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Burbanks for seed,- 90c<3$l 10 per " ctlr
Garnet Chiles, $1@1 25 per ctl; Early Rose,
$13501 50. per ctl; new Potatoes, 3@3i4c per
pound. . : " . : ¦ ' ¦ ¦ — ¦
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Uf^im Exchanges close 1 tp-day. '• . .. ' ; .
/, occ) iBank Clearings lose $2, 7 42,600 \in March. '•
Sari-fnincisco. Mint again breaks all coinage records'.
}Joc.!uingc. m; Stiver or Exchange-rates. .; .":.-.- ' : . '
lidhsirec.t Stocks about : ihc same. 'Cotton firm. •" . ¦ " ..
L-ocaVSt deks. mid Bonds, quiet and' not materially changed.: ¦
', ¦¦< '.v'-rcrjA-.- u'i 4 -]; cash prices slightly Jozccr. ' ¦ '' ¦$%!sMgxaa
Marejpdwuyxfffdufo Barley., but future's quicU. '¦...' :.'... .
lair '.<ieijfa'nd for 'Oats, ana \ viorc range in Corn. ¦¦ . ;
'J'lay <2iid';Fc.cdstuffs aboui-iis. bjfjtgr&rquoted.'-Z • .-. ":\ ;•:-.- .". V. ':¦
Phk- Beans JconHwie 'to rise wider llie; Arizona- demaiuU .;'¦¦
Butter 'and- Eggs fcaeh ic iaivcrtntf ictftf^c .p.hecse filcn t ifuL
Pro^'isions .:iibout 4hc' samc\:1i&cxtiul lir'tijc-H^est./.-- ;~Jh : -\
Cattle; Shcejjxind '¦'^.Q^s'^iichaHj^^v-^-YL : -, ; '.- ¦; "'; V;. v ' ¦>¦; .:;;'•
Grain Bags still higher and ijrtii. , . :•.••• . _'.
Potatoes and Oni^fgup^^ -V
Poultry in^actir-e ' d^mai^dZ^Gdin^in J^ht fctctpi.) ::'. -¦.-. \
Oranges higher and; selling- dip -ih-tteK - ;- • -.-. , / : ; : ¦ '.. •-. •• . .
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered . In San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for. Cattle :
' CATTLE— Steers,' 809c ; Cows and Heifer*
7®8c: thin Cows. 4@Ze per'Ib. Mi-Mi
CALVES^-4®4»4c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4i / 4@5Vic;: Ewes. 4J4«4^c
pef Jb (gross weijht).
¦LAMBS— 5%06c per lb. - ,„•
HOGS— Live Hoes. 140 to 200 lbs. 5T;«6c;
over 2.00 lbs. 5?»@5 : Kc; 'soft Hoes. 4%@5V;c;
Sow?. 20 «er cent -off : Boars, 50 per c?nt off,
and. Stags, 40 per cent oft from .above quota
tions. ¦ «. . . ; "• . •
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: '. ' ¦¦ ¦ ' ¦
BEEF— 7%©S}4c for Steers and 7@7%c pef
lb for Cowjg - >¦-' •
VEAL— Large, S&eac;. small, 8%@9*4c per
pound. ' "¦; ¦ • ¦ * ' ¦ • '
M UTf OX— Wethers 9H@10%c; Ewes. 914®
10c per lb. • • '
LAMB— None coming In.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6H®9c per Id. -
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Beef and Mutton rule firm with .light receipts,
and the arrivals of Lamb continue slender.
There are not many Hogs coming "in. but^there
are enough for the demand. All- auotatlotas re
main : unchanged. . .
V DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market: .
SUMMARY OF- THE, MARKETS':
Short Ribs,'. per 100 lbs — . >.".¦' •
•May. ..*...-> ' 0 77% 690*. ,6*77*4 6 90 ¦
July ;-.-.- .0 93 . 7 07*4 / 6.95 .' .7,O7V4.'
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, March -SI'.— Cash •quotations were
as follows: FJour. quiet and steady; -No. 3
rprlngi wheat. SS&QScs i So. ',. 2 red,' OCc®$i 01%;
No. 2 corn, 5<!c; No. 2 yellow, 50H®5*i%C; "So.
2 oats, '41@tl*^c;.'No. 3 white, 42y s ©44c; -No. '1
rj-e, 72c;.eooU feedlnR barley, 3S@40c; fair -to
choice maJtlng, . 45@55<r; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 00 ;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 16; prime timothy seed,
$2-9'J> mess pork, per barrel, $13 12H01S 15:
lard,- per. 100 pound?, $0 87^6*1 90; short ribs
sides (loose). $0 P2',4@6 75; short -clear sides
?7 234«7 50: whisky,- basis of high
wines, $1{W; clover, contract . grade, $10 50@-
Articles— ' " Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .37,800.' 66,000
Wheat, ' bushels. >.......... -74,000 • 48,500
Corn,-, bushels..... : 92, ICO . 99,700
Oats, busK.els.-. -250, 700 2*6,700
P.yo', busheJ» ....;.- 12,800 ."- .. 4,500
Barley bushels... :.'...... 36,300 27,000
• . Butler, Cheese and Eggs. . ¦
CHICAGO, March- 31-.— On the.'.Produce Ei
f change -to-day the ' butter - market was'- qulat
land steady. Creameries. '14^24isc; dairies, 17®
i 21c. E/trS, . feaJHer at . mark, ca«es -Included .
lGlig-lti^c: Cheese, easy,'10@10>,4c. >.:•. ..''¦
: Livestock Market:- ¦ '¦[¦¦
¦ CHICAGO,' March* 811— CATTLE— Receipts'.
! 8000. .Steady. Good to • prime 'isteers,. ?5 25®
"5 SO; pocr "to medium, ?tf50g5;stockers and'
} feeders. 25; ' cows, $1 75©4 30; ' Heifers' j
$2 205T1 r<0; v:&nneC3,- $1 75t?2 CO; bulls,. $2(34 10;
i carve*. . !ji£ DOSS CO; -Texas fed steers. JMS24 <«5.
r • -HOGS— 'Rpceipts:'. To-day,' 50,000;: to-morrow,
! 20,000.- 'ir»iQ20c lower. ." Mixed.- and - butchers;
| $". ir.5>."» :!(); Kood to choice 4ieavy, . $5 25@5-35;
: rough heavy, $.*» 10^5 23; lisht. $4 90@5 25; bulk
Kof sales, $5 l.VfUi 25. . -. , « ' "
I gHEEP— Receipts,' 14,000. *Sheep and lambs. "
r.e<i«ady\to wealu Good to choice wethers, $4 75 i
) (55 45;'frfir to choice, mixed, 93 75#4 50; West- J
I ern- sheep, (4 MJ4T3 45; native : lamb?; 94 50®
! i> S3;. Western lambs, 9* 50@5 95. -,.-..
. Pink Beans- continue -to advance under the
demand for Arizona, , mentioned yesterday. . The
other .kinds remain, as before. ¦:,-¦:.'/.'' •-¦'¦"-
BEANS— Baycs $2 35«2 50 : * Pea. $3«J3 25 :
Dutters. , $3 6003* 75; . small White. «$3®3 15;
large White $2 G5@2 75: Pink. . $3*3003 50:
Tied,, $4 50;- Lima. $3 20@a 30; Bed Kidneys,
$4 8O@5: Blackeye,'. $2@2 15 per ctl;. Horse
Beans,- $2@2 60' ¦¦¦¦-•-.- " - -
1 SEEDS— Brown Mustard/ $3 75®4 ; Yellow
Mustard. : $3@3 25; Flax $1 80#l 00; Canary.
5%<fr5%c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14^@16c: Rape.
l*i<@2c; Timothy. 6@0%c;\Hemp. 3Vi@4c per
lb;. Millet..,3@3%c;; Broom Corn Seed, $20@21
per "ton . . .•-..-..
DRIED;PEAS— Blackeye. $3' perictl; Niles,
S3 ?5; Green. ,?3G?3 25. : ,' :
B cans and Seeds.
small - and 50c ,-¦ for- Colts. Horse Hides, i drr. •'
$1.75 for Urge and $1 50 for. medium: '$lfifl "25 ,
fcr small and- 50c for Colts, v Buck Skins— Dry I
Mexican, 31c; dry Salted -Mexican. ¦ 25c; ; dry
Central American. 31e. Goat Skins— Prime An
goras; 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium,
35c; email.; 20c. " t
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%@l%c per- Ib;.
-No. 2.8% @4c; grease." 2 >4@3c. '
¦WOOL — Spring clip — Sa,n Joaquin and South
ern, /12 months', : 9@llc; do 7 - xnonthsY 8Q10c
HOPS— 24@27c per lb for California, 1903,
and 17*4@2Oc for crop of 1004. \
- Jhe' SA^^ "APRIL- i f ioo*.
Continued on Page Fourteen.
•HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and: brands seli
about "¦- %@lc - under* quotations." 1 -Heavy Salted
Steers." 9»£c; medium. ; 8*Ac; •, light, 7%c; - Cow
Hides. Sc for heavy and 7%cfor^ light;! Stags
6c; Salted KIp.r 8c;. Salted Veal." 10c; Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hides, 16@16c; dry Klp.sl3c; dry
Calf. 18c; Sheepskins.^ shearlings, 25<£30c each
ehort "Wool. 40@<H5c each; medium. 70<3>90\e- Ion*
Wool, $1®1 50; -Horse Hides, salt.' 92 75 for
terse. and ?2i§2 50 for medium, $1 25@1 75 for
Hides, Tallow'i'iW.bbl and Hops.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Article*— Open. " High. Low. Close.
No. 2 Wheat — •
Sept (old). 83% • 83% ¦- "82%' 83
Sept (new) 82"4' 82% 81 H 81*1
May ...:....... 65% fl«% 05% 95%
July (old)...... 8ft** 89%v:.88% 89$
July (new)...... S7% &b% 87»S 87%
Corn No. 2—
May M% 66% Ki% 66*4
'July. M** 53*4, «2"* MVi
September . 62'4 52%, 51ft 52
Oats No. 2 — • ,..,••
May 42«£ *2Vn 41?^ ¦ , 41%
July ;.......... 39^4 30?i 30Vi 39%
September S.'JV4 ,33»4 32'j', 33 ,
Mew Pork, par bbl —
May 12 S3 13 15 12 85 13 15
July ...... .13 05 13 371£ 13 05 13 S3
• Lard per 100 lb»— : I
May' ."..".. « 90 7 00 0 80 6 07U
July> r-7 O2J4 7 15 7 02% 7 10*
''•xchaTiKe. were reinforrtd in their reaction;
• TT»<u t<y th<* larcc distribution of ntocks wh
«zs '•n'eotr-d during the rise of yesterday i
»y tin- cessation of much of the demand
flay. Tfc<* euspenpfon of th« trurt compan
»<-rr.e<J rtue to especial cause's rather th.an
*tiv g-eneral condition* and *n wore of ll.t
*5!r»rt influence nn th*- market., Thrre w
r» !rt* of »tn»nirth In tYf market, but they w
'iceptlont rather than the role. Interest crc
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTIOMSALE
EXTRAORDINARY
Of 40 PIBST-CIASS DBAPX HOUSES ¦
and MABES, LtfXBSS WAOOKS,
" HABSES3, Etc .
r.^Il of « the ro'Iing "stock of the Wehdlin*"'
Lumber- Co., on- Friday. April 1. at 11 a.m..
1 Jm . 1 V, Inb * r ¦¦ "* ar 4» or the above company.
i/ToV se i" *» of - th^ roIllB « rtoek. consisting-
wpf^ ead , of firi!t - cla »9 draft horses and mares.
v?» S 5 r^ m 130 ° to " l700 lb »- •'•?>«¦¦ » ta 7
b«r1n°J ' "" woodworkers; 8 nrst-claas lam-
Thi. . S Z": »P rln «' wagons. 4O sets of harness .
This stock- is in. flrst-class condition; has only
been in use 1 year and the above company
bag spared no 'money to g-t flrst'clas* horses/
Remember ' th e date. -Friday. April . 1. at 11
Thi 1 . a i. th * 'umber yards, foot' of Sixth st- .
or .oil . .v an . Mtf * a * n *' tlm * ****** day"
?.,.. 1 at , the lumb *»' yard*. For further* par-
ticulars call at the offlce of JOHN . J. DOYLE,
Auctioneer. 327 Sixth, »t
Sal e positive, without reserve. . . * .
AUCTION SALE.
£* . '•&*. '- * '^»
On MONDAY. April" 4. at" 11 o'cloclr; at 815
Ellis st,." by- order o/rtlro Hon.-B. E. Schmlt/
Mayor. I will M » & lot of "condemn*! Fire De-
partment horses and about 4O head of Wood
wlTK?NlV.A"ucttnee;5 h ° ne EMt '^i **-Full size. 'assorted "colors and stripes,
good heavy, mesh.; while' they last.- 60c. A
few iS.00; Hammocks for $4.00.'and $5.00
for $2.25. at PATTOSIEN'S RETIRING
SALE." corner - Sixteenth and Mission
streets. • :'**:?::
Hammocks for Sale.
Los ¦ Gatos Librarian Dead. .
SAN JOSE, Marchf 3 l.^-Miss Besaj|
Field Cooper, ~ librafiaii .of • the LJ
Gatos. Public/ Library, died suddeid
at her home to-day. |
Andrew : Anderson yesterday/filed a
suit, for $12,000 damages against the
Northwestern * Lumber ' Company,
which owns the ' tug Printer. The
plaintiff alleges ". that , because of - the
careless manner in • which the schoon
er loaded with lumber,, was
towed out ..of : Grays ' Harbor ; she • was
wrecked -on the South Spit and was
totally lost.' : T : .
Sues ; for' Loss of Schooner.
In reply to the claim of the Mer
chants' Association that Assessor
,Dodge ¦ has illegally drawn his ,ln
creased salary for ' ten months last
year that. official calls attention to ar
article published in The" Call on Apr!
9, 1903, in which it was shown tha
the charter amendment'increasins th<
Assessor's salary, which was adopted
provided that this increase should ap
ply at once. ¦ . Dodge claims that th
people of San Francisco have by a di
rect vote increased his salary and th
constitution was amended giving t
the rpeople In , cities charte
governments the right to regulate th
compensation of their officials.
Assessor's Increased Salary.
The committee ordered . an .' ordin
ance to be prepared accepting, a . deed
to lands for the opening, of Devisadero
street, from Duboce avenue to Four
tecnth street
The Supervisors' Street Committee
yesterday reported in favor of request
ing the Board of Works to "amend its
recommendation that grades be.
changed at certain points on J street
and "Fifth" and Sixth avenues to read
that the gradient be fixed af 8-per
cent instead of 9 per cent. The prop
erty owners interested and represent
atives of the Sutro estate consented
to' the amendment.'
.The committee reported In favor of
street work on Belvedere^ street, be
tween Haight and Waller}' Greenwich
street, • between Leavenworth and
Hyde; Waller street, between Masonic
avenue and Ashbury street; West Mis
sion 'street, near Hermann; Pacific
avenue, between Webster • and Fill
more streets. • ' ...
Supervisors* Committee Favors Low
crine Gradient on J Street Froni ¦
Nine to Fight Per Cent.
ASKS WORKS BOARD. TO
CHANGE RECOMMENDATION*
H-. L. Percy of Los Angeles purchased
12.500 shares of stock of the Reed Crude
OH Company for $5S00.
. ; SACRAMENTO, March 31.— Bidders
from various parts of the State were
present _at the bankruptcy sale of the
real estate owned by Eppinger &. Co. at
Willows, Glenn County, the results of
which were made known to-day. In
nearly every 'instance the purchaser
was the London, Paris and American
Bank of San Francisco, which' had ad
vanced-large sums' to the wheat mer
chants before their sensational failure.
The following parcels were "purchased
by the Paris and American
Bank at. the prices given: Ranch, of
8500 acres in Glenn County, mostly hill
land, $58,000: Ryer Island ranch of 1600
acres, $110,000; the Wolf-Cerkle ranch,
in Solano County, $8000; the Phillips
ranch, in Fresno, $22,000; two ranches
located in Tulare and Kings counties
were bought together for $23,000; lots
and store \ building in Dixon, Solano
County, $10,000: 100 shares of the capi
tal stock of the Bank of Oakdale, $5500.
Pp«cJal Dispatch- to The' Call,
A party of prominent Santa Fe of
ficials, including Vice President Paul
Morton, traffic 7 director of the com
pany; Freight Traffic Manager W. B.
Biddle, Passenger Traffic Manager
George T. Nicholson, General Freight
Agent Edward Chambers- and General
Passenger; Agent ' J. J. . Byrne, arri ved
from Southern California* last evening
and registered at the St. Francis. With
President E. P. Ripley. who remained
with his family in Santa Barbara, the
party has been making a tour of in
spection of the company's western sys
tem and came north over the San Joa
quin Valley ""division. Vice President
Morton stated last evening that he ex
pects to remain here about a week and
he added that President Ripley would
come north before returning to Chi
cago.
"Business in the : West," said Mr.
Morton. Vis all that the railroad com
pany could ask for. As for the Santa
Fe, it has been carrying a lot of freight
out of California and getting Rs share
of west-bound business. We are look
ing forward to a lively time during ...e
coming conclave of Knights Templar
in this city, an event, which, we be
lieve, will be the biggest California has
ever had. In fact the demand for roll
ing stock has surpassed all our expec
tations. We are hurrying to comple
tion the new "hotel in Colorado Canyon,
which will be open in time to.accomo
date the Knights Templar. In antici
pation'of this business and that accru
ing from the annual conference of
Methodists in Los Angeles, the Santa
Fe is constructing : at the canyon a
large sidetrack for the accommodation
of many special trains, which will
come west that way,, so that visitors
may live In their cars if they are so
inclined."
Mr. Morton said the Santa Fe has
all but completed Its plans for hand
ling deciduous ¦ fruits from Northern
California. . It has leased a river
steamer, which will ply between Sacra
mento, Antioch. and Point Richmond,
•gathering freight for the main line of
the company. Regarding this year's
orange business, he stated that the
growers had been seriously handicap
ped by reason of the terrific storms in
the Eastern market points, which had
prevented the product from being dis
posed of at its customary price. He
denied all' knowledge \ot any compaqt
between the Southern Pacific and the
Santa Fe 'companies, whereby they
would jointly, use the California North
western* Railroad for traffic " purposes.
In fact, he 8aid.\ the engineers of" the
Santa Fe ' are stHl busy, on the plans
for: a new . road . from Eureka to .San
Francisco Bay. x 5s8Sf||2g8|
The Supervisors' Police Committee
yesterday took under advisement the
petition of citizens that the pound or
dinance be amended so as to permit
cattle to be staked in unfenced lots
distant at least one block from any
dwelling.
Want Pound Law Amended.
C. J. Peterson was appointed nurse
at the Twenty-sixth Street Hospital,
and the resignation of F. J. Hopper,
foreman at the Almshause, was ac
cepted. ' '¦
The communication from the Dairy
men's Association asking for a hear
ing regarding the raising of the stand
ard of butter fat in milk was filed, as
the matter is now before the Board of
Supervisors. ' .
The Health Office was delegated to
co-operate with the Board of Education
In securing an appropriation for Im
proving the sanitation of schools.
children are treated more as an article
of commerce than human beings. The
communication says that- scarcely a
week passes without the record in the
Coroner's office of an infanticide.
Property Owned by the De
funct Firm of Eppinger &
Co. Brings Good Prices
Prominent Officials of the
Koad Keach This City on
a Tour of Inspection
War Over Houxcmover s Ucense
• "T.he. Supervisors* License committee
yesterday .took under advisement the
p^tilion of hQus^movers cither for
more' uniform enforcement of the li
cense .on housem/jvers or the repeal
thereof.'. Thomas C. Butterworth and
Val Franz f»f the Affiliated Building
Contractors urged the repeal of the
ordinance, while^ Matthew Kelleher, a
housemover. and V. Donahue thought
the;ricense should be upheld, -but more
uniformly, the former advocating a
higher license. E." E. Ottabeck said
the -ordinance was framed to freeze
out- pfnall neonle.
Dnrnrft'ii Extract of Vnnllln is the
«t»hfl«ra <»v<rywher^. Sold by b*»t grocers. •
BANKRUPTCY
SALE OF LAND
BUSINESS GOOD
FOR SANTA FE
George A. Reynolds, a brother-in
law of A. L. Farish, office deputy, for
United States Marshal Shine, died at
his home in Alameda last Wednesday
night at : the age of 80 years. Mr.
Reynolds came to California in the
early T 50's and engaged In mining in
Downieville, Sierra County. A few
years later he went into the banking
business with his brothers in Marys
vine. Later. he devoted his attention
to mining affairs. .
Pioneer Dies.
Poundmaster Irwin says it will take
$10,S25 to conduct his office and the
receipts for fees he estimates at $14,
550.
Sheriff Would Repair Jails.
Sheriff Curtis filed a statement with
the Supervisors yesterday that he will
require $139,220 to conduct the va
rious departments under his charge
during the next fiscal year. Of this
amount $44,500 is for subsistence of
prisoners, an increase of $3000 over
the present appropriation. Curtis also
wants $1525 to repair Jail No. 1. $8900
for Jail No. 2 and $2100 for Jail No.
3, which he says is urgently needed.
" HJuV« "Montgomery-nt. - Coffee Hous<?
Tins /moved, to 4X7 Montgomery st.. di
rectlv orposite ft« former location. The
handWome^t bfoakfast. lunch and coffee
rooms -in the city, with more room, more
light aqd better -and quicker service. •
Removal Notice
The committee reported in favor of
the amended ordinance requiring a
free and unobstructed passageVay to
the fire escape In lodging-houses and
hotels and of the ordinance regulat
ing the right of way of vehicles upon
public streets.
The petition of Louis A. Brownstone
for authority to collect moneys over
paid to the State by the city was de
nied.
The Supervisors* Judiciary Commit
tee yesterday reported in favor of re
funding to the Hubbs estate the
amount of taxes paid on bonds pur
chased by the estate previous to the
first Monday in March which the As
sessor assessed on the ground that the
bonds were bought to evade taxes.
RECOMMENDS REFUND OF
TAXES PAID ON EONDS
An assistant to President Foster on
the coast road will probably be se
lected next week.
Superintendent Schindler was In. con
ference, with President Foster for some
time yesterday. The former Informed
the head of. the California Northwest
ern that he had received an offer direct
from Henry E. HuntjngtoTi or the posi
tion of general 1 manager of the Pacific
Electric Railway; Company of Los An
gele?, now held by Epes Randolph. The
latter, It > Is reported,' Is a very sick
man, arid for that- reason he Is prac
tically making his home in Phoenix,
many miles from the scene of opera
tions of the road: of which he is the
head. From what can be inferred from
Huntington's offer to Superintendent
Schindler, Randolph is expected to re
tire from active service with the Hunt
ington-Hellman street railway lines,
and. in anticipation of this fact Hunt
ington. sought the services of Schindler.
When the latter will enter upon his
duties in the south has not' yet been
decided upon. Immediately • after his
meeting with President Foster, Schin
dler departed for Los Angeles.
The information was given out yes
terday from : the "offices of the California
'Northwestern Railroad that • A., D.
Schindler, superintendent of the San
Joaquin Valley division of the ' Santa
Fe road, who -was recently appointed
manager of the \ first mentioned , road
and assistant to President A. W. Fos
ter, had suddenly declined, the position.
His appointment was to have been ef
fective to-day, but early yesterday
morning, Schindler notified . President
Foster that he . would . have to decline
the place In view of the fact -that Jie
had been offered a more important po
sition with greater remuneration in the
employ of the Huntlngton-Hellman
street railway syndicate of Los An
geles. . '
Acting on a communication from the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children, the board ordered rigid
investigations of maternity^ hospitals
and lying in :asylums to beT made by
the Inspecting: force; to" the end that
theordinances regulating them be com
plied with. The society .'complained
that some of the abandoned infants re
cently found on the public streets ca,me
from some of the institutions; where
The report notes a close line between
the food and chemical departments and
that quite a* crusade has been inaug
urated, for the. betterment of the food
service in this city. . In January and
February there were 16,303 gallons of
milk inspected, resulting in five arrests
and the collection of $100 in fines.
TO INSPECT HOSPITALS.
Health Officer Ragan filed a report
covering the operations of the depart
ments under his Jurisdiction during
January. February and March. The
total number of deaths registered In
January was 726 and births 490: Feb
ruary, 653 deaths, *476 births; March 1
to • 28. 634 deaths and 404 births." The
Inspecting physicians acted cm 561 com
plaints In January and 438 In Febru
ary. The number of plumbing Inspec
tions, In January was 1740 with 158 com
plaints abated, and in February 2127
inspections with 97 complaints abated.
The dairy Inspectors acted on'77-com
plalnts and abated 43 In January, and
66 complaints and abated 28 in Feb
ruary. The market inspectors con
demned 3090 pounds of beef, 409 calves.
233 sheep, 315 chickens and .1290 pounds
of game in January, and 8330; pounds
of beef, 334 calves, 104 sheep, 1684 chick
ens and 9660 pounds : of flsh' in Feb
ruary.
As the result of the acceptance by
Emergency Surgeon Pawlickl.of a fee
of $2 50 while In the discharge of his
official duties the board adopted a rule
that no surgeon or other employe in
the emergency hospitals shall accept
a fee for services or make an offer to
acquire private patients from those who
apply at the hospitals for treatment.
HEAIiTH OFFICER'S REPORT.
The board adopted a statement of.
the appropriations which It will ask
the Board of Supervisors to provide
in the next budget to conduct the
Health Department. For the City Hos
pital the sum of $55,000 is asked for
salaries and $140,000 for expenses;
Twenty-sixth Street Hospital, salaries
$4260, expenses $6000; Smallpox Hos
pital. $10,800; emergency hospitals', $50,
320; health office. $73,720.
Superintendent Schmltz of the Alms
house submitted a statement that it
will requi^ $27,000 to pay salaries in
the Institution and $65,100 for "supplies,
a total of $32,100. Schmitz asks the
salary of the resident physician be In
creased by $25 per month, and that an
additional attendant, nurse and helper
be provided for.
The board, recommended to the Su
pervisors that an ordinance prepared
by John Gartland of the Board of Pub
lic Works be passed requiring property
owners' to cement the basements of the
buildings within the fire limits so as
to make them rat-proof.
The board adopted rules and regu
lations for the conduct of the small
pox and leper hospitals.
BUDGET ESTIMATES.
W. C. Rlley was appointed assistant
surgeon at the Emergency Hospital,
vice R. C. Hill, on leave of absence for
one month.
George A. Starblrd was appointed an
Interne In the homeopathic ward in the
City and County Hospital. : .-
The board refused to be coerced into
publishing the monthly health bulletin
in return for the printing of the "Health
Hints for the Household," as demanded
by the Board of Supervisors in a reso
lution. Dr. Ragan stated that the Su
pervisors had found fault with the
length of the health hints, claiming that
much matter therein could be , elim
inated. Ragan said the charge could
be applied to the monthly bulletin, pub
lication of which had been stopped, al
though an appropriation had been al
lowed by the Supervisors. The board
decided to send a representative to the
Finance Committee and explain its at
titude on the subject.
The salary of Steward Farrell of the
leper hospital was Increased to SS5 per
month. ' /
REFUSES TO BE COEKCEI).
The Board of Health yesterday in
augurated Its system of the sanitary
inspection of the pupils in the public
schools by appointing Louis Dean to be
chief volunteer inspecting physician,
without pay. It will be Dr. Dean's duty
to supervise the eye. ear, throat and
nose examination of pupils. He will
have a volunteer corps of fifty-two phy
sicians who have been accepted for the
work. It is designed to increase the
corps to seventy-five physicians, so that
daily inspections may be made at the
schools. *
Drs. Poheim and Harvey, the com
mittee appointed to Investigate the sub
ject of tuberculosis, made a report in
which they recommend that the matter
of Isolating the tubercular patients In
the City and County Hospital be imme
diately taken up, so that the other in
mates may ., not be unnecessarily ex
posed. The committee finds that
there are at present fifty - three
tubercular patients in the Institu
tion named, thirty-six of whom are
beyond all. help. The remaining
seventeen are said to be amenable
to out-of-door treatment. The commit
tee recommends' the erection of a male
and a female tubercular ward in the
hospital for the exclusive treatment of
such patients, also a strict inspection
of the tenement districts, and that ten
ements beyond the stage of fumigation
be condemned and torn down, and that
premises occupied bj r tubercular pa
tients be fumigated. The report of the
committee was adopted by the board,
which decided to carry out the recom
mendations contained therein.
Steps Are to Be Taken to
Prevent 'the Spread .of
All Tubercular Diseases
Santa Fe Man to Succeed
Epes Randolph as the Head
of the Big Electric System
From figures compiled yesterday in
the Bureau of Buildings it was learn
ed that the building operations-pro
jected during March aggregated
$1,400,432 for 1S6 new buildings.. This
fis considered a? remarkable showing.,
owing to the fact that March, had
twenty-seven rainy days, and Is a big
j increase over .February, when there
|were 136 new buildings planned at an
| estimated cost of $1.039. 937.
The estimated cost of projected al
] teratlons to. sixty-four old buildings
•figured up to $106,568.
There were 503 applications for
building permits filed, 29 complaints,
19 applications to tear down build
ings and 5 house moving permits is
sued. Free permits to the number of
21S were Issued for alterations Cost
ling $39,655. The fees collected dur
ing March amounted to $2204, against
$1625 for February.
Notwithstanding RamyDays
This < 3Ioiith Scores an
Increase Over February
The committee decided to resume con-
Flfleration of the extension of the fire
limits next Monday afternoon at 4
o'clock/ when Chief Sullivan and rep
resentatives of the Spring Valley Water
Company and th«> fire underwriters will
be heard, on the sub'ject.
Chief Sullivan recommended that the
limits be extended to a line 136^ feet
north of Sutter sftret. running (0 Van
Ness avenue, thence to Market street
The fire underwriters favored Califor
nia street and Van Ness avenues as
the northerly and westerly limits.
The need of an auxiliary salt water
*ystem the cost of which was esti
mated roughly by Chief Sullivan at
J150.OOO. wa-s recognized fully by the
committee, but further consideration of
the matter was postponed .until the
municipal budget is taken up. when the
question of providing for more hydrants
"trill also be considered and some action
tsken thereon. ¦
The Sup^rvls 01 - 9 ' Finance Committed
yesterday held a special meeting for the
purpose of considering the question' of
better flre 'protection for this city. Chief
Sullivan Rnd representatives of th«r
Board of Fir* ; Underwriters. .including
TC. J. Duttonand Rolla V.Watt. were
present .and urged : the committee to
make provision for safety against con
flagrations: ' • - " •
The sut>Jpct,s discussed included tne
Imperative extension of the fire limits,
the proposed.- high-pressure .auxiliary
salt-watrr system, the necessity of ad.
ditlonal fire hydrants and safeguards in
the constru'ellon of wooden buildings by
limiting the .height and area of struc
tures uned . for .lodging-houses and
hotels. . ." ; " .',¦"•'.
It was the general opinion of those
la the conference that the flre limits
ehould be . .enlarged, but . boundaries
wene not selected."
Chief Sullivan and Under
writers Urge Provisions
for Safety of Buildings
i REMARKABLE ACTIVITY
NEED MORE HYDRANTS
TO ISOLATE PATIENTS
TO r JOIN HUNTINGT0N
Suddenly Declines Manage
ment of Foster Koad and
Will Go to Los Angeles
Board inaugurates System
of Sanitary Inspection in
Public School Department
I Figures Compiled by Bureau
I of Buildings Show Erec
i tioa of 18G Structures
Supervisors Discuss Plans
to Provide "Better Protec
tion Against- Conflagration
VOULD EXTEND
FIRE LIMITS
MUCH BUILDING
DOME IN MARCH
TO SAFEGUARD
PUPILS' HEALTH
SCHINDLER HAS
BETTER PLACE
THE SAN \FRANCISCO , CALL, FRIDAY, , APRIL 1, 190i.;
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
QUICK CURE
Of Torturing Eczema
by Cuticura
When All Else Had
Utterly Failed.
•* My baby, Owen Herbert Qnlrk, was
afflicted from the *ge of six weeks with
• loathsome running eczema, almost .
eoTering bis f ac«. I took him to Drs.
and of Victoria Road,
Aiderahot, and he wm treated by them
for three monthi, but got mach worse,
and was a sickening sight to look at.
I paw an advertisement of the Cntieura-
Remcdies." and got the Soap, Ointment
and Hesolvent. . . .
• '}' jr*> "We noticed an
improvem ent at
«) sir once, and within a
XcL •tja&l fortnight the rnn-
ffOTtr^lt n i n r had ceased
Jf$/^fcXJBLc% and the scales were
/^\y^^ri>< nearly all dried off,
P'Jy^z^Q^fa an^ ln ft mont h his
a^/ '^V^Lu r acc wa9 ' perfectly
clear, ! not a spot
* ett ' * har« en-
**ffim$Wv*^ closed photograph
tras thirteen months old.'. He is now
two years and four - months, and has
neTer had the slightest return of It. I .
am " very^ grateful k for '% the) benefits de^
Tired from^ your; remedi csi' f and; shal^ •
feel it a. pleasure i to make their Talne .
known.. For corroboration of this
statement you- may refer ar^ ; oae to
Mrs." Williams; 45 Michaels R(#t»l. Alder-
shot, .or ' : v Mr.tQunstane,'V40'-. Victoria
Road,* Aldershot, to whom we . recom-
| mended the remedies for a skin humour,
which , they /also" cured. : You are . at
liberty ; to •> do what i you like with this
statement, as I should like all to know
of the value of Cuticura."
\_ WILLIAM HERBERT QUIRK,
No. 1 West I End > Cottages, Ruywood
Road, N. Southampton.* p
SoM tfcmffcoot Q% worM. Cntleor* RwaHtnt. JBa. :i
: (la farm of Cboeotat* Ooa*4 W1U. X*. w Tltl nf mn,
, Oiatrotat, «e.. bo. p. JM. ¦ Dapotti London. V Chartw-'
keu* *«. i Pen*. • Hm d. U t «tx I Barto*. IV CNumkn >
' A**. ¦ Fatter Drar * Chm. Corp-. Sol* Proprtetan. . ».
Wbtwl tot " B** lo C»r* Eewin*." \
;. . '.. ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦>' :;; ¦¦"¦-¦¦' ¦ ' ¦' s^«J~" '"
] '^^&- -'¦¦':¦ ¦ v m
'¦¦.^r^w : y' For Ladies, Misses "u
>^ - and Children '¦ ' ft •
. ' '• '•" : ; -Ea6ter is approaching aad Spring is here in "earnest.
: ; ¦: ...Poppies' -and buttercups abound everywhere about the hills
:*nd A*a.i3eys/ where the sweet notes" of the song birds are.
; :¦} \ ¦ he'a'rd. Katnre has adorned herself in a" new garb of eraw-
¦• •'.; ; ". aid. green, and for. embellishments she* has chosen bloom- )
• /ing fruit trees and* \\ r ild flowers. . . e
»•'. '¦'-". The interior of churches on Easter Sunday will be gor-
-. ge<jti.$ly decorated with, flowtrs —^the *no.w-white lilifes
, . . will ••predominate. In accordance with Spring, particularly
.at.Easter tune, jvornen land children must have an entire
• change of wardrobe. Bright, new and dainty summer styles
• must replace the heavy" Winter garments. " *
Our -Easter showing was. never grander — there is
nothing mfssing that would make our line incomplete — all
i afe here for your choosing — varieties as- you have never
seen before — novelties of the most exclusive summer de-
si gnsi— qualities superb — prices most reasonable.
Children's and Misses' Easter Coats
.. and Jackets . |
Children's*** Misses' Easter Dresses
Children's ¦«¦ Misses' Easter Hats
1 Easter Garments for Infants
Ladies' Easter Waists
I Ladies' Easter Underskirts r \
\ Ladies' Easter |
iL|£ Neckwear and Belts /vJv!
\SS^ ©18*022 nCorfect St. -^& \^s\
; : -AbvEBTISEMENTS. .-'-' . : : ;.
Fit=to=^Ve£ir Clothes /^^\
It is an easy matter to dress the chil- | \ 7v^^^^^^^^
dren well in Brown's fit-to- wear clothes. . I / / \ \
There's a cash saving in it, too^-agood 1/ I \\ |^^^
big money's worth of wear. 1/ / \\ V
BOYS'SUITS-The Spring style* in two-piece // fa \ \ \
and Norfolk Suits, run in gray, brown and dark wr - -r ' :'. r V
fabrics. Trousers are lined throughout. Belt 1$ / * \
For little tots from 2>£ to 7 years, we offer a I / VI
display that is new to the coast— new because of I / I
the variety of patterns — new because it is complete 1 § -\. I
Among these stylish, trimmed clothes we have J*«-J i^KV
Eton and Buster Brown models, Russian Blouses &M 1 \ V ]g\
with extra silk collars and cuffs; Peter Thompson i^^ /§ J\ V*^V
and Beach Reefers for top garments. Priced from J^^^^3 t^A'^L „
BROWN BROS & CO.
MILL TO MAN CLOTHIERS. '
516-518 MARKET ST., Below Montgomery. "¦' '¦
Mda'y, Satnrflay. Saturday XTUrbt.
-LL CREAMS— TTHREE CANS. 25^ •
BE T HAMS. All Brands, rriday... .
— *? uret » Eastgrn.* tt'li VizeV. Regular 16^
FA|JY CAKES AND BISCX'ITS SERVED
f - FREE-
OHBAEJDEI.l.I'3 COCOA. ..; .can 20c
I r Or Battr'n. Regular 25c.
~~Vx. 10c SOUP. THREE CAXg. ¦ 2Sc.
BaKEN JAVA and MOCHA COPPEE
I •• 3 lbs. 5Oc
Th< ; roken berrtes'or best coffee. Stn K !e pound
, g:. _grlce and quality, never -change.
__ Sc CANS SLICED PEACHES. "lOc"
TIXS. SOc. Varieties
Chci- quality of English Breakfast. -Uncotorei
¦ ra".* » onpK 'liyscrn.- Fqrtnosa. . OoJon*/ •
f yetc; Three pounds. ?l. ¦
¦ 1 SHREDDED ,^'HEAT BISCUITS. tOc. .
cier vxzteoas . . .... . : r . . iM l- i n«»
-•yte from gurc apple elder: u'sualiy »c
tVIXE. VINEGAR; GAL. 23c. "
Cleamery Butter 35c.
Ore of brands: best Marin County- Butter.
I Larze squares. - -
| S5c CAN LUNCH TONGUE. 23c.
01 VE OIL, Pnfe Lucca qt. bot. r p r>c
Imported from Italy by R. Ba.ld.ccht
_ • ¦ • ¦ Trial bottle. 25c.
B TON rORK & BEANS. POUND CAN 5cl
» PTHA SOAP. ..6 full Biz* cakes iioC
>x-all or Benzllene. Usually 6c straight. s
BEST 20c WALNUTS. POUXD 15c.
TWIC PORT "WINE g-al. Si.15
, X Rich bod y- eisht-year oltf. c ' i *^"
PQ8t healthful stimulant. Usually $1.75.
<^LD GOVERNMENT WHISKY. BOT-7«V?. %
T3LE CLABET ZZZ ; . .jral. 40c
IEisen vineyard. Sample at store.
• Usually 60c. .
¦*jh OLD MILLER WHISKY. BOT. 80ci
Ul FILLMpRC ST. 119 TAYLOR ST.
Candies V^.
W Chocolates jf.'l,
[V Bonbons -n
I Given Away Free
I Teas ? Coffees, Spices .
I. Baking Powder ; ]-
L . It Pays to • :
¦ , Trade at .
Great American Importing Tea CpV
: Stores
861 Market 210 Grant «t. 1413 Pol*
140 Sixth 1819 Devisadero 706 Larkic
475 Hatght 8006 Sixteenth tSS Hayes . *
32S5 Mission 521 Monts'y avtu 62 Market '
I 2003 rUlmor* 2515 Mission US Ninth
[ 3C6 Thiid 2732 »4th 489 Foarth , i i
«3§9. YOU WEAR 9
GLASSES •
Are they soothlns and restlul? Do they t*- '
jve the strain, blurring and tiring of the eyes?
•not. use Ueo. Mayerie"s Antiseptic Eyegla»9
lj, P rs — 15c. " for U3c. : Uerijian Eyewater by
ail, 62c. Makes weak eyes btrong. sore e>rs
ell GEO. MAYERLE. German Expert oy-
etan. 10T1 MAKKET ST.. S. F.
rt-mA23 Sore Throat,
Hoarseness, Bronchitis,
Effectively Relieved.