SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, APRIL \ 16,y 1904f
"Requisition for a Negro.
TOPEKA, April 15. — Governor
Bailey to-day issued .a requisition on
the California' Governor for. Joe. God
ley, a negro accused. of the murder, of
Policeman Hinkle on 'Christmas eve,
in 1892. Another negro, a brother' of
Godley, was lynched at the time for
the murder of which" Joe ? Godlev is
now accused.
NEW YORK, April 15.— Speyer &
Co. and Kuhn. Loeb & Co. have pur
chased ten million of Baltimore and
Ohio two-year 4% per cent notes. Of
this amount $2,500,000 will be used to
pay off the second mortgage 4 per cent
bonds of the Staten Island Rapid
Transit Company due July 1' and the
balance will be applied to new equip
ment and various improvements.
Part of Ten Million Purchase Will
Be Used to Pay Off Second
31ortgages.
NEW YORK BANKERS
BUY B. AND O; BONDS
PITTSBURG, April 15. — Charles M.
Schwab, Joseph E.» Schwab, 'Dr. M.
House, Pittsburg, have gone to Tono
pah, Nev., to inspect mining claims
with a view to investing million* of
dollars In development-
Among those interested with Mr.
Schwab are C. Hall, president; W. E:
Corey, Richard R. Brown and various
officials of the United States Steel Cor
poration, They have Incorporated the
following mining 'companies: Bob
Tail, Golden Anchor, Denver Group,
Tonopah Extension and Red Rock. A
noted mining engineer is accompany
ing the party. Schwab's syndicate has
Invested $1,000,000 in the Tonopah
field and expects to put considerable
more money into the enterprise.
Steel, Magnate Has Organized a Syn
dicate and Will Spend
Millions.
SCHWAB WILL INVEST
MONEY AT TONOPAH
NEW HAVEN, April 15. — Probate
Judge Cleaveland announced to-day
that his decision on the application
for the removal of William J. Bryan
as executor of the will of Philo S. Ben
nett will be rendered to-morrow. A
demurrer to the amended complaint
for Mr. Bryan's removal was filed by
counsel for Bryan to-day. In the de
murrer it is asserted that the applica
tion of the widow, Mrs. Bennett, does
not specify any acts of neglect on the
part of Bryan to perform his duties as
executor and that no reasons are given
for granting the relief asked for.
Nebraskan- Wants to Continue as
Executor of the Bennett
Will.
BRYAN WILL CONTEST
PETITION . FOR REMOVAL
VIEWS OF THE IMPERIAL PALACE
¦ JN SEOUL WHICH HAS BEEN DE
; " STROYED BY FIRE.
Eire Razes Ko
rean Ruler's
Palace.
Naval Guns Hurl Projectiles
at the Fortifications.
LONDON, April 16.— The Times cor«
respondent at sea off the coast of Ko
rea, under yesterday's date, " gives the
following story of recent skirmishes on
the Yalu River: . .
"On April 3 a Japanese cruiser sent
to reconnoiter th©- mouth of the Yalu
found the enemy, holding both banks
of the river. Reconnoiterlng by steam
launch was abandoned, and last Sun
day Lieutenant Kyaguchi, with five
men disguised as Korean fishermen in
a native Junk, surprised a Russian post
at a village on the left bank. The Rus
sians retired without resistance. r A
quarter of an hour later two squadrons
of Japanese cavalry from Chongju ar
rived and destroyed the Russian post.
"Lieutenant Kyaguchl then deter
mined to reconnoiter the' left bank of
the river near Antung, and met In mid
stream a junk engaged in "a similar re
connaissance for the Russians. The
junk drew off and stranded on a small
bank. One of the Russians was killed
and the rest took to the water. The
Japanese continued ¦ to - fire, when the
Russians threw away their rifles and
were obliged to wade neck deep in or-r
der to reach the mainland.
"Meantime a second Russian junk
with seventeen men landed on the sand
bank and tried to rescue the stranded
boat, but thsy were forced to abandon
the effort, and with difficulty escaped:
"The Japanese are still busy at Che
nampho landing a quanti.ty of bridging
material and other necessaries for a
determined advance through the diffi
cult country-"
ST. PETERSBURG, April 15.— A telegram from Admiral Alexi-'
eff at Port Arthur to the .Emperor says that from^9~: 15 o'clock this
morning until midday the Japanese fleet, in . two '• divisions, bom
barded the fortresses and the town alternately from the Uaoshan ;
promontory* firing: 185 projectiles. The Russian squadron, w Including
the battleship ' Pobleda, replied from tlie aricliorase^vith a plunging
fire. The -batteries ¦ also participated. The losses on land were seven-
Chinese killed; and five soldiers and three Chinese -, wounded. The
Russian : warships' sustained 'no damage and there was no loss of life ¦
on them., ¦_. : . ¦.,¦/. ,'. -.'•._ .¦ . - /-^ . i ....'¦,¦, ' -' .' '¦¦' ¦¦'¦. ;
LONDON, April /l6.— -The . Times tills 'morning* prints a dispatch
from Its 'correspondent [atj seaioff the coast'of Korea. " The dispatch
is dated yesterday,; and -in \ It the correspondent says he believes the !
entmnce tq'.Port Arthur, is how sealed ui>. . ; "»V^
h PORT ARTHUR^ April * 15.— A % bombardment by the Japanese
commenced', at 6 o'clock tlils morning: and continued at ' Intervals .
until 1 o'clock in 1 tlie^ afteraoon. It was without result. " ••"
JAPAN" RELAXES SECRECY.
Press Correspondents Permitted til
iV,.; Proceed to Pinjryan<j.
CHENAMPHO, Korea. April 14 (via
Seoul, April 15). — The. first con
tingent of press correspondents who
are to accompany the Japanese army
are awaiting here the arrival of a
steamship with their personal effects.
When these arrive the correspondents
will proceed to Pingyang.
The weather is yet cold and it is
raining. The roads are in bad condi
tion and there is much ice to the
northward. The Koreans here are
pursuing quietly their usual vocations'.
The Japanese officers are providing
for the correspondents with unusual
hospitality. CT
Tx>st Craft's Identity In Donbt.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 15.— Art
official correction was issued to-night,
according to which it was the torpedo
boat destroyer Strashni and not the
Bestrachnl, which became separated
from the rest of the fleet In the early
morning Wednesday last and was
sunk by the Japanese torpedo-boat
destroyers, but later unofficial dis
patches received here from Port Ar?
thur repeated that it was the Bestrach-
ni. and not ! the Strashni.
Denies Sale of. Deutschland.
HAMBURG, April 15. — The Boersi
enhalle denies the rumors of the sale
or negotiations for the sale of tha
Hamburg-American ; line ; steamship
Deutschland - to the Russian ' Govern
ment-
opinion ' at first prevailing. "concerning
the original cause , of the destruction
of the,. Petropavlbvsk. There' is . grad
ually .'developing^ a disposition" to * ad
mit the possibility that, after all. Jap-1
anesc tCTEpedo-boats j may, have, dropped
mines' at the entrance to Port Arthur
harbor. .'.'. \ \ "¦'¦.• . . . : . ;
:,; -Asked^whether any, other : theory >was
possible. ; the Grand-Duke replied:- "The
_- : Grand % Duke Vladimir, y after giving
the details of ¦ a -telegram •from"- Grand
Duke^Boris-relating jto the escape of
Grand. Duke Cyril, .said yesterday:';/' }
I "Here j we ' all | believe that the < catas
trophe to the Petropavloyjsk was caus*.
ed'jbyTa^ Japanese, submarine " vessel.?. Jt
must j ha've been a submarine, that dis
charged : a torpedo,'- which,'; striking * y the
battleship ' hear . the engine-room; , caus
ed an explosion of the i boilers. .We knew
thatj the- Japanese,, had two "submarine
vessels,-. ; but we 'could Jnot imagine -.that
they .would .be ; mad. enough : to~ send
suchj little;boats so : far; from ;the fleet, ;
or that theyj would?' even frisk Uhem?at
ihW entrance); of ¦< Port harbori
The /submarine /which ; the.de
structionjjof/i the >. battleship must cer
tainly ?havesunk."''.. ' V'i
were rigorously watched accounted for
their entire destruction, for the soldiers
prevented the entrance of the Japanese
fire-brigade,, which was early on the
spot. .While the Japanese were parley-"
ing with" the Korean guards;the fire
began' to spread In the direction of the
legations. At this Juncture Brltish'and
French marines effected : an
by the back gates, '¦ but it weur too late
to save any thin j. i~V ¦""' '-'¦ '
ST. PETERSBURG,; April 1 16.— That
Vice Admiral Togo has not given up
hope of further : damaging the Russian
ships, now that there is little 'possibil
ity of their again going to sea/is* shown
by his bombardment or Port Arthur
yesterday. Unquestionably'. Togo is
aware of the, effect., of , his i previous
bombardment, and the fact that be has
repeated it indicates to) the officers "here
that he believes^there is a good chance
of a projectile ' hitting a : target." In -or^
der to drop a": shell into the harbor or
city a high angle fire is necessarjVThls
is the reason the 'Japanese - squadron
took. up a position' at* Liaoshen. Other
bombardments .were , f rom J the ¦" same
point, which' at the tlme.'did not seem
to be within- the' ; range of ' .thV"; Russian
batteries. Z It IsJnotTknown whether, the
new guns which ; liavej'- been \ installed "at
PortrfArthur-'command. this Vpolnt, .but
it is certain .that /Togo's ships - escaped
without ; material ? 'dam"age. t. The j aban<f.
donment ',. of : "Vice f Admiral * Makaroff 's
policy ; of i taking jthe'ifleet^to; the 'outer
roads ; to ¦ ! return;.; the '¦¦ Japanese;- fire '< is
shown in the* report! of {Viceroy, Alexlefl!
that his ; ships 2 fired oveK the ; tills?: ' *-.' j
¦_'¦ Information : .which ¦ has ; ElowlyTreach
«d { St. ': Petersburg! hasV modified '.*¦? the
Continued onPaje 2,- Column 5.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEOUL, April 15.— Fire broke out last
night at the back <1 the Imperial pri
vate apartments in the palace com
pound, near the \:zl\, where several
private houses are situated. The im
perial family,' headed by the Emperor,
Yi-Hyeung, fled in great haste "and
escaped with some difficulty to the
American legation.
The flames spread rapidly and in a
short time were beyond control. For
tunately for the city, the wind, though
brisk, blew from the northeast and the
flames were carried inisde the palace
grounds. This saved the British lega
tion and the English church and or
phanage.'
In a short time the various buildings
in the' compound were destroyed. The
rooms - of European construction, in
which the Emperor usually held audi
ences, shared • the . same fate. Unfor
tunately, Korean* etiquette kept the
gates locked and 'the fire brigades were
not admitted.
A magnificent spectacle was present
ed ¦ when Central, Hall, ,the large na
tive structure built at a cost of 500,000
yen ¦ (5250,000) , caVght fire. The flames
threatened the foreign palace and were
kept in check only by the British lega
tion guard,' whieh. effected an entrance
through the outer -wall and saved the
customs buildings and pre
vented- the loss of the American.lega
tion: Japanese, French and Italian sol
diers forced! an entrance Into the com
pound and ; tore down burning houses
and sheds, thus preventing a spread of
thefire. .. •;'
:i A,. half, hour after the fire '. broke out
the roof , 'of Audience, Hall fell in '. with"
a], great crash. . The roof,* of another
large building fell in at about the same
time and prevented the flames 1 being
carried by the /wind to the newly erect
ed; electric building, where va, large
quantity^ of oil was stored.. . .
: a Crowds of soldiers ran about
within > the , compound, ;in a state of
great excitement, tumbling over each
otherln their hurry, but doing nothing
practical./ ; , _\
• It is believed that. the destruction of
the; palace .was [ the »work of : the *rebel-.
lious element.
"J LONDON, .April ' 16.— Reports from
Seoul say .that allthe imperial archives;
treasures k and > jewels -.were , destroyed. 1
According to 1 the- Daily '• Chronicle's
Seoul * correspondent r the ' fire ; may ; have
been^incendiary, although . It is^said to*
have y been - due .. to j; the ''. upsetting ' of «a
brazier- by a servant. '¦ '¦']
7 The i fact - that- the", palace, buildings
The last of the thirty-two bodies
were shipped to their respective homes
to-night. Twelve went out to-day at
noon and the train carrying the bodies
was decorated from end to end In
mourning. *S!J ; *i
The big battleship went at full speed
for nearly three miles toward the
beach, hoisting signals to the Texas,
Scorpion and one or two other vessels,
all of which were following close.
The tug was almost run down by
the Missouri. The latter continued at
full speed, with the smoke pouring
out of her turret, to within 100 yards
of the beach, when the battleship was
brought to a standstill. The tug was
close behind the big ship and Captain
Cowles could be seen on the bridge,
giving instructions to his men.
Streams of water were playing on the
turret. Just before the ship reached
the beach the tugboat men saw Cap
tain Cowles turn from h's work of
directing the fighting of the fire and
observe the ship. He immediately
gave orders and the big ship came to
a stop so close to the beach that the
men on the tugboat and other ships
though she was ashore.
The master of the tug started his
vessel toward the Missouri, when she
suddenly turned and started toward
shore at full speed, signaling the tug
to follow.
PENSACOLA, Fla., April 15.— The
master of an ocean tug gives the best
account given yet of the explosion in
the twelve-inch turret of the battleship
Missouri, which occurred Tuesday, kill-
Ing thirty-two men. The tug was 100
yards distant from the Missouri when
the explosion occurred, and the master
was watching the firing when he saw
a puff of smoke shoot through the top
of the turret. For two or three minutes
this continued, when there was a thud,
and the smoke ' became blacker and
thicker, followed by flames, which
burst through the turret and leaped
fifty feet into the air. Just before the
bursting out of the flames hg saw a
mangled body shoot up through the
turret and fall on the starboard side
of the Missouri.
Rear Admiral Rae, chief of the Bu
reau of Steam Engineering, said to'The
Call correspondent: "The bill recom
mended by the Secretary seems to pos
sess no objectionable points and it
widely supplements the present organ
ization without changing it. He is
given a course pt deliberate military
advice which he should have."
Rear Admiral Manney, chief of the
Bureau of Equipment, said: ,VThe Sec
retary should have a board of military
advisers. Such a board Is much supe
rior to advice from one man, because
It can give its entire attention to mili
tary questions and thoroughly consider
them before rendering' an opinion."
Admiral Dewey and Rear Admiral
Taylor, chief of the Bureau of Naviga
tion, will soon give the House "Naval
Committee their views on the subject.
Secretary Moody's suggestion has
found favor with most or the bureau
chiefs in the Navy Department. Hith
erto the officers have been looked upon
as opposed to the creation of a gen
eral staff because they feared it would
interfere with the administration of
their bureaus.
"WASHINGTON, April 15.— Secretary
Moody's recommendation that Congress
make the General Board of the Navy, a
statutory body to render. him. " military
advice has caused considerable stir in
naval circles.- ODinions differ as ¦ to
what Congress will do with the bill.
It is considered doubtful that it will
be passed at this session. The atti
tude of Senator Hale is much specu
lated upon. He has not denied reports
that he was opposed to the creation of
a general staff. . •
Train Readies Snow-Bound City.
LEWISTOWN. Mont, April Iff.—
The first freight train into Lewistown
In four months arrived here to-day.
Never, perhaps. In the history of rail
roading has a city been shut in. so
long. A passenger train got through
two weeks ago, but the snowplows
could not . get freight trains through
Xhe drift at the time. ' -
looked up the description of Fahey in
his office, and. although It tallied
very much with that of the dead man,
he said he did rot think he was
Fahey, but all the other o2iccrs think
it is Fahey. The description of Fahey
says that he is 3 feet 7>i inches, and
this man was of that height* The
Frayish Wue eyes also correspond with
those of the dead man; he has the
large scar on the left side of the head,
exactly as Fahey; he has the dark
brown hair, but somewhat curly; there
are Rears on the back of his hand,
where warts might have been, as the
description of Fahey says he • had'
warts on one hand. This man was j
about 30 years old and would . weigh I
about 1<55 pounds, while Fahey is said
to weigh but 143; but he might have
Increased in weight He also has a
•car from a gunshot wound on the left
leg just below tbe knee. <
As soon as the Coroner arrived Sher
iff Buckner returned to town and
When the man fell he had been shot
in the les,. the left one having been
broken. The officers found that he had
been armed with an automatic re
\-olver, for which he had thirty-nine
cartridges. Ke had no papers by which
he could be Identified, but the offi
cers had not looked at him long before
they decided he was Fahey, one of the
escapes from Folsom last July.
By this time Sheriff Buckner, Dep
uty Ayres. Constable Goodrich and sev
eral armed ciiizens had arrived and
they learned that the man looked for
had been seen to start east across the
fields. The officers and men were then
divided into two posses, one following
the trail across the country and the
other going in rigs by the road to try
to head off the fleeing, man. Each
posse had gone but a short way when
the man was seen in a field. The
man was then lost sight of in the trees.
The chase was then renewed and after
the road posse had gone about a mile
they saw the man in an open field and
he was soon Burrounded by three offi
cers and commanded to halt. He re
fused.
Constable Bernstein then fired a shot
In front of him, and he turned and fired
at the officers. Sheriff Buckner and
Constable Bernstein shot for his legs,
and he dropped. A moment later the
prostrate man fired another ehot,
which the officers thought was at
them; but after waiting a few minutes
they closed in on him and found that
he had chot himself through the head.
SHOOTING OF FUGITIVE.
The man was first seen just after
a freight train pulled into the Southern
Pacific station. When* Constable Bern
f^tein inquired who he was the man
drew a pistol and threatened to shoot
Bernstein. The officer then hastened
to telephone to the Sheriff's office and,
having secured a rifle, returned to find
the man. "When the officer reached the
cemetery east of town a man said he
had seen the fugitive there and the
officer thought he was hiding, but after
looking thro-ueh the cemetery decided
such was not the case.
I*OSSI1S ARE IX)RMED.
HANFORD. April 13.— One of the
most exciting incidents that has hap
pened in this vicinity for a long time,
and one in which the peace officers
took their chances Tilth a desperate
man heavily armed, occurred to-day
about noon. The result is that a
supposed criminal is dead from
a gunshot wound, self-inflicted, after
he had been wounded by the officers,
and now the officers are trying to find
out who he is and the reason he acted
so desperately when they tried to ar
rest him.
Special EMBpatch to The Call
Proponents Argue That Chief of the
Service Should Have Expert
Military Advice. ¦
Armed Citizens Gather and a Vigorous
Chase Is Made in the Country
Around Hanford.
Small Craft Nearly Run Down by Big
Fighting Vessel While Flames
Imperiled Her Escape,
Series of Em
counters on f
the Yalu.
Threats to Shoot Prevent
Immediate Capture •
of Culprit
Warship Missouri Makes
a Desperate Dash lor
the Snore.
Opposition Deyelops and
Measure May Not Pass
This Session.
Master of Ocean Tug
Tells of Naval
Disaster.
Secretary of Navy in
Favor of Advisory
Board.
Officers of Hanlord
Have Duel With
Fugitive.
SEES MAN
BLOW FROM
THE TURRET
MOODY BILL
GIVES RISE
TO DEBATE
ENDS LIFE
AT CLOSE
OF FIGHT
LONDON, April 16.— The St. Petersburg correspondent of the Standard sends a s rumor to the effect that Vice Ad
miral Togo's fleet covered a Japanese landing of troops to the \yestward of the Yalu River. When 12,000 men had been
landed the Russian troops, which were lying concealed, suddenly attacked them, driving them back to the ships with
heavy losses in men and guns. f§§ ; ;
RUSSIANS SURPRISE AND DEFEAT JAPANESE ARMY LANDED WEST OF THE YALU;
THREE-HOUR BOMBARDMENT OF PORT ARTHUR BY THE SHIPS OF TOGO'S FLEET
TES*" WEATEEE.
Forecast made at San Fran
cisco for thirty boors ending
midalrht. April 16:
San rrancisco and vicinitr—
Partly doody. with occasional
Zlttht showers Satorday: fresh
west wind.
o. k. vrmusoTst.
2k>cal rorecarter.
. — - - • i rrn — ti
: ¦ - - THE THI'ATSSS.
Alcazar — "Aristocracy."
California — "McPaddca'a Plata."
. Central— "In the Hands of taa
Uneray."
Clrote»— -Vaudeville. .
Colombia — "llsm'itile Kapo
leon."
Pitcher's — "Xlraet."
Grand — Mri. Flake in Eepertolxe.
Orphcnm — Vaudeville.
Tivcli — "The Besnrar Student."
Matinees at All Theaters To-Day.
VOLUME XCV— XO. 13S.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco CallODESSA, April 15.— From an ex
perienced observer of Russian life the,
following extract of a letter has been
received:
With Each. Defeat.
Unrest of Russian Populace Increases
CZAR MKNACED AT HOME.
SAN DIEGO, April 15. — Jesus Savola, a
Mexican laborer, was crushed between two
rocks while at work at the Sweetwater quarry
to-day. He was brought to this city and died.
He was recently from Los Angeles. ¦"-;-'" v ? •
MAY ENTER RUSSIAN LINES.
War Correspondents in Manchuria
Will Go to the Front.
. NEWCHWANG, April 15. — The
sinkings of the Russian battleship
Petropavlovsk, with the attendant
great loss of life at Port Arthur, is
regarded here as .the moat profound
event of the present war. The news
has apparently made a pronounced
impression upon all foreigners in the
war zone. The date of the catastro
phe and official information concern
ing it are not yet obtainable here and
there is much speculation as to how it
occurred. There are in circulation un
certain rumors of a Japanese attack
on Port Arthur last Sunday, but the
rumors are without confirmation and
are denied by son^e of the Russian
officials.
Communication with : Port Arthur,
as well as other centers, is substanti
ally closed.
About a score of press correspond
ents now in Newchwang jwere ; In
formed to-day of -the' willingness of
Viceroy Alexieff to admit them. to the
Russian lines, under regulations which
apparently will. govern all branches of
their conduct. , .
SACRAMENTO, April 15. — A. H.
Perkins was held to answer to the
Superior Court to-day on a charge of
forgery in having forged a note on a
local bank, to which he secured the
signature of Dr. O C. Cartwright
Court Holds Him for Forgery.
The new Observatory is at Fulton and
Stanyan. entrance to Park. Take McAllis
ter-st. cars, get off at Stanyan, and see
the Panorama. •
"A Chinese officer who arrived here
says that the Chinese northern army
consists of 100,000 men, perfectly
equipped and commanded by .numer
ous officers, among whom are 130 dis
guised Japanese. Half of the troops
are . along", the . Manchrian . frontier and
the other half In the province ofPe
chili." . ' . . .' . • ,;S-t u ?^iy'-'
PARIS, April 16.— The Journal
publishes the following, received from
its St. Petersburg .correspondent, un
der yesterday's date:
China's Northern Army Said to Num
ber 100,000 Soldiers.
The Novosti's .Liaoyang correspond
ent saeaks of the excellent material
in the volunteer troops which have ar
rived there. Every class of. society,
the correspondent adds, Is represented
in these troops. The correspondent
adds that General Linevitch has issued
an order commending the Cossacks of
the Transbaikal region, who reconnoi
tered at Pingyang In., the face of the
enemy's fire a month ago and who re
tired without loss.
OFFICERED BY JAPANESE.
Information received from the No
vostl's correspondent and the official
dispatches 'establishes the fact that the
painter was aboard the Petropavlovsk
and went down with the ship.
The Novosti has received a telegram
from Mrs. Vereshchagin, wife of the
painter, in Moscow, B stating that her
husband Is in Manchuria with the staff
of the commander in chief, but the pa
per, in printing the telegram, adds:
"Unfortunately this cannot be con
firmed." \
coincidence that the Petropavlovsk and
the. Pobieda "were struck simultaneous
ly seems to confirm the submarine the
ory, but it is not impossible that the
mines laid down by the Russians, or
by the Japanese during their last at
tack, drifted to the entrance of the
port, owing to the strong currents."
credit is decreasing and the industrial
crisis is becoming steadily more acute.
The steel and iron industries are para
lyzed. Thousands of workers are idle,
especially in Poland. There is much
distress among the cotton manufac
tories of Lodz, the coal mines of
Donetz and the mines of the Ural dis
tricts. Those workers are going to
starve sooner or later, unless some
thing heroic or unexpected be done.
"This situation delights the ad
vanced reformers and it Is difficult to
see how it can fail to produce a fresh
crop of anarchists and nihilists. The
storm, though black enough, may blow
over; but the authorities could not
well be confronted with a more
menacing outlook."
An impressive funeral In memory of
Vice Admiral Makaroff. and ¦ the j other
victims of the Petropavlovsk disaster
was celebrated In the Russian church
to-day. Russian Embassador Nelidoff
and the . entire staff of the embassy
were present, as were officials ' of the
Foreign- Office; Bompard, the French
Embassador to Russia; representatives
of the French army and navy and. the
Ministers of Servia and Bulgaria.
KOBE,' Japan, April 15.— It is assert
ed in naval circles here that the Japa
nese arranged to lay thirty ' mines at
The Japanese legation says Rear Ad
miral Uriu's report shows that Japar
nese torpedoes sank the Petropavlovsk
and damaged: the Pobieda, and declares
that the report that « a submarine boat
did the damage la ; incorrect, as the
Japanese fleet had /no submarine boats.
The Japanese legation pays a high tri
bute to the late Vice Admiral Makaroff.
The fate of Nicholas Kravtchenko,
the- well-known Russian literary man,
who was acting as correspondent of
the Associated Press at Port Arthur,
Is still unknown. It is possible that
he left Port Arthur prior to the dis
aster of Wednesday.
PARIS. April 15. — Information ¦> re
ceived in Government quarters now
establishes the fact that a naval bat
tle occurred between the Japanese
fleet, consisting of fourteen warships,
and the force under the late Vice Ad
miral Makaroff. Prom this the of
ficials strongly incline to the conclu
sion that the destruction of the Rus
sian ships and the loss of the admiral
resulted from a naval engagement.
However, the only definite official in
formation : is that a battle occurred,
and It is believed that the -Japanese
submarine, .boats took part In the en
gagement and caused the destruction
of the Russian ships/ *
SUNK BY TORPEDOES.
The Admiralty has received official
Information that Vasili Vereshchagin,
the celebrated painter of battle scenes,
was among those lost by the sinking
of the Petropavlovsk.
This evening Prince Galltzin re
peated his assurance that the Grand
Duke Cyril was better and that he
was with his brother, Boris, at the
headquarters at Liaoyang. His fever
has almost disappeared.
NOTED PAINTER A VICTIM. •
A ' story is current that Admiral
Makaroff's squadron was actually, in
the inner harbor when the flagship, in
maneuvering, struck a mine attached
to a cable chain strung across the en
trance, but this is ridiculed.
TWENTY-EIGHT OFFICERS LOST.
Twenty-eight officers were lost on
board the Petropavlovsk, including
Captain Vasilief, belonging to t^.z
ship: Admiral Makaroff, fourteen
member* of his staff, including Rear
Admiral Molas, the chief of stV.T, and
Lleulciiaiit von Kobe, the aid-ds-enmp
oC Ciaad Duke Cyril.
The v.ife of Captain Jakovieff, the
command*; of the Russian battleship
Petiopavlovsk, has received a tele
gram from Rear Admiral Grigorovich.
tip commandant at Port Arthur, say
ins that her husband Is wounded In
th«: head and that several ribs are
briliiMi. He was unconscious until yes
terday, hut is improving. Lieutenant
Jenisii, who i.s one of the officers of
the Petropavlovsk who was saved, lost
his father when the warship Roosalka
sank in the Baltic eleven years ago.'
The injuries to the Pobieda are de
clared to be slight. The explosion
which damaged her took place Just at
the water line. The opinion expressed
at" the Admiralty here Is that It was
produced by a spent Whitehead tor
pedo, which was floating on the sur
face of the water and which may have
been fired during the torpedo-boat
fight
It Is Absolutely denied that Admiral
MakarofTs ships participated In an en
gacemonL
ST. PETERSBURG. April 15.— Out of
the maze of conflicting reports regard
ing the sequence of events leading to
the destruction of the Petropavlovsk,
it is now established that Vice Ad
miral Makaroff early on Wednesday
morning took out his squadron to en-
Ki'.ge a weak division of six Japanese
cruisers which appeared on the horizon
after the Japanese torpedo-boats which
sank the Bestrachni had been driven
off "by the Bayan. . Particulars of the
torpedo-boat fight are stiir lacking.
The Russian commander In chief pur
sued* the Japanese cruiser division un
til it was reinforced by eleven battle
ships, when he retired Into the outer
rcadstead. where he was drawing up
in line of battle when the disaster to
the Petropavlovsk occurred. The cir
cumstances of the destruction of .the
battleship are not known. It is cer
tain, however, that both her boilers and
magazines exploded, but it is not ab
solutely sure that she touched a mine,
although the weight of opinion at the
Admiralty is that such was the case,
and that, if so, it was' a Russian and
not a Japanese mine. A high official
of the Admiralty said:
"It is evident the powder magazine
exploded, because a jet of flame went
up with th«> steam from the bursting
boilers. The magazine could not have
exploded spontaneously. The tempera
ture of a magazine is too closely
watched and the powder is stored so
as to render an explosion scarcely pos
sible. Doubtless a mine caused the
detonation of the powder and, torpedo
magazines. Perhaps the truth will
never be known, and the dip aster will
take a place with the countless other
mysteries of the sea."
destroyer Bestrachni, which was crip
pled and unable to shake off the Japan
ese attack. The Bayan drove the
enemy off. but the Bestrachnt ' sank at
7 a. m. The Japanese torpedo-boats
withdrew, but almost immediately six
Japanese warships appeared on the
horizon. Admiral Makaroff ordered the
squadron out to meet them and the
Japanese retired, but almost imme
diately reappeared, reinforced until the
fleet consisted of sixteen or seventeen
warsh-ps. The Russians put back to the
roadstead and formed a battle line,
when, at precisely 10 o'clock, with
out warning, the Petropavlovsk blew
up and ,sank. The Pobieda received a
breach amidships and retired to the in
ner harbor, where an examination
proved that her injuries were not very
serious. Besides Grand Duke Cyril, Cap
tain JakovleSf and Lieutenant Vakc-v
eky. Midshipmen Sylitte, Jenish and
Yukomleff were rescued. Reports as to
the number of seamen saved are con
flicting, one placing the number at
thirty-two and another at fifty-one.
They were rescued by the torpedo gun
boat Gaidamak. The cause of the de
struction of the Petropavlovsk has not
yet been ascertained.
ST. PETERSBURG'S VERSION*.
Later, 1:40 p. m.— The division cf Rus
sian torpedo-boats, which put to sea
on Tuesday night, kept up a running
fight with the enomy«.untij early Wed
neFday morning, when the cruiser Bay
an pteamed out to aid the torpedo-boat
The fresh breeze which was blowing
throughout Wednesday developed into
a violent gale toward night.
LATER XirVYS IS GIVKX.
The enemy's vessels, which were
formed in two divisions, disappeared
in the course of the afternoon.
Th» battleship Pobieda was damaged
amidships and went into the inner har
bor, where she anchored.
The Grand Duke Cyril. Captain Ja
kovlcff, the commander of the Petro
pavlovrk: four officers and some fifty
men were saved.
The fighting between the opposing
Hot Silas of torpedo-boat destroyer* last
ed about an hour. The TJestrachni was
Furrounded by three Japanese torpedo
boat destroyer? and sunk.
The Japanese boats then withdrew
and the Jananesp pquadron appeared
on the horizon, whereupon the Russian
squadron left the roadstead, steering in
the direction of the enemy's ships,
which retired. Foon. however, the Japa
nese reappeared with a formidable
force of about a score of warships. The
Russian squadron returned to the road
stead and took up a position In line of
battle, ready to receive the enemy.
Th* sudden explosion which destroyed
the Petropavlovsk occurred almost im
mediately thereafter, and the battle
ship went to the bottom.
PORT ARTHUR, April 14— (Delayed
In transmission). — An engagement oc
curred at Port Arthur yesterday morn
ing between seven Russian torpedo-
Moats and the cruiser Bayan and Japa
r>ese vessels. The Russian torpedo-boat
destroyer Destrachni was sunk. Five
of the torpedo-boat destroyers, with
thp Bayan. returned at T a. m.
The battleships Petronavlovfik. Po
b;eda and Feresviet and tfie torpedo
cunboat Gaidamak then put to sea.
At S:3C a. m. a terrific explosion oc
curred beneath the Petropavlovsk and
the Ehl:» went down in two minutes.
The Japanese squadron, consisting of
about forty ships, remained in sight
until 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
gallery were of plain wood, except that
in the sections reserved for the diplo
matic corps and in the royal box there
were upholstered chairs. The room had
been finished in white that had turned
gray with age. The decorations were
gold and crimson. The Imperial party
did not leave the palace until 10:30
o'clock. The Crown Prince and other
Princes preceded the Emperor and
awaited him at the House of Lords.
The Emperor rode in a gorgeous car
riage, brilliant with red and gold,
drawn by the best pair of horses in
Japan. He had a very small guard of
lancers, mounted on the absurd little
Japanese ponies, which apparently no
amount of training will subject to the
discipline necessary for. good cavalry
horses. The consequence was that most
of the time there was very little of what
could be called formation among the
lancers. The Emperor was accompa
nied in his carriage by his chamber
lain. Prince Iwakura. Several other
court dignitaries preceded and followed
him in other carriages. Crowds lined
the streets through which the proces
sion passed.
THE E3IPEROR ARRIVES.
It was 11 o'clock before the members
of the House of Lords and the Com
mons began to file into the chamber.
Already the members of the diplomatic
corps had taken their places, and a
number of Japanese officers of high
rank, gorgeous in gold braid and many
decorations, had found places in the
gallery. The peers were for the most
part in. uniform splendid with gold
braid. The members of the Commons
were in clawhammer coats and white
ties. When all were in place the Cab
inet filed in and stood in the great bow
at the left and in front of the throne.
A few minutes later the door at the
opposite end of the platform opened
and the Emperor appeared. Instantly
every Japanese in the room made a
deep obeisance. The Emperor walked
quickly forward and ascended the steps
to the throne. From the gallery ho
seemed a large man for a Japanese, tall
and rather well made, but the brilliant
uniform he wore hung loosely upon
him, and no doubt has the effect of
making, him appear a bigger man phy
sically that he is. He did not sit dawn,
but remained standing, facing the mem
bers of Parliament, who stood with
heads bowed slightly forward. The
court party followed the Emperor and
stood on the platform at his right.
Count Katsura, the Prime Minister,
now stepped forward from the group
of Cabinet officers bearing in his hands
a large scroll, which he offered to the
Emperor. The Emperc took it and.
opening it, read, in the peculiar nasal
sing-song of the old Japanese style of
declamation, his address formally open
ing the session. During the five min
utes or so that it required every one
in the room stood with head bowed. At
the close of the reading the Japanese
again made a deep obeisance. Then
Prince Tokungana, the last of the Sho
guns, stepped forward from his place
In the well and- received the address
from his Majesty. The Emperor de
scended from the throne, bowed slight
ly to his subjects, and walked out. The
ceremony was over. v /- '¦¦".- '_
First Press Report From Port Arthur of the Sinking
of the Battleship Petropavlovsk.
[FAMOUS PAINTER OF BATTLE SCENES WHO WAS LOST WITH THE RUSSIAN SHIP PETROPAVLOVSK.
Around the east, south and west sides
of the room runs a high gallery, in
which were the places reserved for dis
tinguished visitors. Across the north
side there is a platform some six feet
above the lowest level of the wall.
In the center, at the north, in a recess,
stood the throne. The. seats in the
My ticket of admission to the House
of Lords for this morning's ceremony
notified me to appear at 10 o'clock, in
full evening dress, specifying a white
tie as necessary. Consequently at 10
o'clock I was there, arrayed as if for
a ball. The chamber of the House of
Lords is a big dingy room, lighted from
above through many great squares of
ground glass. All the chairs and desks
had been removed from the hall in or
der to make room for the members of
both houses. '
The political ways- of the Japanese
seem to be no less deep than those of
countries more experienced In consti
tutional government. It has been" in
timated broadly since the dissolution
of that Diet that the reply then adopted
so .sharply was In reality inspired by
the Government, in order to enable it
to get rid very of a Parlia
ment which seemed only too likely to
be troublesome in the then critical
stage of the negotiations with Russia.
IN THE HOUSE OP LORDS.
kept up such a turmoil that it was Im
possible to hear a word of the reply.
Most of the members who were not
aware of the scheme took what was
read but not heard to be the perfunc
tory reply, and when the time came to
vote declared in its favor. But when
the reply had been passed and printed
and coDies were distributed, they saw
too late what they had done.
Special Correspondence of The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1904, by the New York Herald Pub
/ lishing Company. •:•',' *
TOKIO, Japan, March 20.— This morn
ing the Emperor formally opened the
new Diet, the legislative body that is
expected to indorse the imperial or
dinances which have been issued be
cause of the war, and to provide the
means for carrying on the struggle.
It Is a very different Diet from the
..contumelious body which celebrated its
brief existence In the closing days of
last year by an extraordinary parlia
mentary trick which resulted in the al
most unanimous adoption of a vote of
censure of the Government. But the
circumstances under which it meets
have also changed greatly,' and the ob
ject sought by the protest of its prede
cessor — war with Russia — has been at
tained. Now it only remains for the
present assembly to support loyally the
Government the other condemned, and
the indications are that it will do so
cheerfully. It has been borne in upon
the members of the new body that its
hearty co-operation with the Govern
ment is "the wish of the Emperor," and
in Japan, when it becomes known that
any particular thing is really "the
wish of the Emperor," that settles it.
SHARP PRACTICE IN THE DIET.
The vote of censure passed by the
last Diet was neatly obtained by sharp
practice on the part of a decided minor
ity. Many of the men who voted for it
did not know what they were support
ing until it was all over. There was a
clique which had formed a clever plan
to push through its scheme. A reply
to th« address from . the throne had
bgen carefully prepared, and . at the
proper time one of the clique began to
read it. Immediately the others com
menced applauding and shouting. They
Ancient Tradition Is Observed in the Opening of the
Tokio Diet's Special Session.
BY OSCAR : KING DAVIS.
"Mr. President — Having received the
sad news of the loss of the battleship
Petropavlovsk, "which has cost so
many lives to our brave navy, I simul
taneously am informed of the disaster
which occurred on board your battle
ship, the Missouri, which took away so
many lives of your gallant sailors.
"Permit me to express to you, Mr.
President, my deep sympathy, in the
name of my Government and my own,
on this sad occurrence, which has deep
ly moved us all at a time when with
gjief we are mourning our own loss.
"Believe me, Mr. President, yours
very truly. CASSINI."
Count Cassini personally the re
gret of this Government has been ex
pressed at the death of Admiral Maka
roff and the officers and crew of the
Petropavlovsk. As the loss of the ship
and its crew . was an accident of war
the expression of this Government's re
gret was simply one of humanity,
without, reference to the differences
which are being fought out between
Russia and Japan.
NEW YORK. April 15.— The Ameri
can De Forest Wireless Telegraph Com
pany has telegraphed to Secretary Hay
at Washington a protest against the
attitude of the Russian Government
relative to the use of wireless telegra
phy by correspondents in the zone of
war. The protestants say:
"We claim the right under all inter
national laws to use the high seas for
peaceful purposes, and demand for our
operators, who are American citizens,
and for our property the full protection
of the United States Government."
The notice opens up an entirely new
line of treatment of correspondents.
The. reference to existing conventions
is taken to express the belief of the
Russian Government that if wireless
telegraphy had been practiced prior to
The Hague declaration concerning im
plements and practices of war it would
surely have been prohibited, even in
neutral hands. It happens that some
of the leading British newspaper cor
respondents are making free use of
the wireless telegraph in transmission
of their war news, and it is possible
that they will appeal to their Govern
ment to define their own status, and
to secure an official determination of
the question as to whether a neutral
on his own ship outside the territori.il
waters of a belligerent power and with
out contraband of war aboard can be
treated as a spy.
Among . the subjects considered to
day at the Cabinet meeting was the
substance of the communication re
ceived from the Russian Embassador.
In addition to this communication, the
President called attention >td the .mes
sages he had received from resident
Embassadc-rs regarding the accident on
the battleship Missouri. One of these
was received -last, evening, from Count
Cassini. Incidentally it refers to .the
loss of the Russian battleship Petro
pavlovsk off Port Arthur.
EXCHANGE OF CONDOLENCES.
Count Cassini's note is as follows: '
" 'In' a c^e in which neutral steam
ers having on board .. correspondents
who might communicate war news to
the enemy by means of perfected ap
paratlus not being yet foreseen by ex
isting conventions, would be arrested
near the coast of Kuantong or in the
zone of operations of the Russian fleet,
the correspondents ..will be looked
upon as spies, and the steamers fur
nished with wireless telegraphy seized
as prizes of war.' "
OPENS A NEW PROBLEM.
"I am charged by my Government,
in order to avoid all possible' misun
derstanding, to communicate to your
Excellency that the lieutenant of his
imperial. Majesty In the Far East lias
just made the following declaration:
WASHINGTON, April 15.— -The Rus
sian Government has given notice that
newspaper correspondents using wire
less telegraph will be treated as. spies
and shot. This notice was served upon
the State Department by Count Cas
sini, the Russian Embassador, 1 to-day,
and it is understood that similar com
munications were made to all foreign
offices. The text of the communica
tion is as follows: . ¦
Neutral Nations
; May Not Ac
quiesce.
A dispatch from St. Petersburg to . a London newspaper reports a rumor there that a Japanese army
of 12,000 men, which landed west; of the Xalu River, has been crushed by the Russians, who effected a
surprise and drove the, brown troops back to their ships. ¦
Russia objects to thd v sending; of press dispatches by wireless telegraphy from the war zone and
gives notice that correspondents; captnred , with evidence of ; the use of that system will be visited with the
treatment accorded spies. 1 The question raised by this attitude niay be warmiy debated before the neutral
powers accept the .Russian 'ruling., ¦¦¦".: ; .
The palace of the Emperor of Korea in Seoul has been destroyed by fire, possibly of Incendiary origin.
Etiquette prevented the admission of a Japanese fire department to fight the flames, but French and British
marines, scoffing at Korean custom,, forced their way. into the sacred precincts and prevented a spread of
the flames to the foreign legations. ' •'• ¦-•¦' ¦ - ' • ' • - --
Even hi Russia the belief is becoming general that the battleship Petropavlovsk was sunk and
the Pobieda . damaged, not by, derelict Russian mines, but by Japanese torpedo-boats or mines placed by the
Japanese at the" entrance; to < the harbor before the- Russians were lured out to offer battle. Japan de
nies the possession of any submarine boats, but from several quarters it is asserted that such craft are be
ing operated secretly by the Tokio naval board.
The identity of the Russian torpedo-boat destroyer sunk by the Japanese at Port Arthur on Wednes
day is in doubt. The Russian Government announces that it was tho.Strashni, while unofficial advices insist
that It was the Bestrachni, as at first reported.
Admiral- Togo bombarded Port Arthur yesterday morning; the firing continuing three hours. Seven
Chinese, were killed in the town and five soldiers and three Chinese wounded. The Kussians report no
damage; to the fortifications br ". the. "ships. It is" probable that Togo's operations are intended to cover a
landing of troops near Newchwang, the belief In St. Petersburg being that the Japanese will strike withont
delay, now that, the: Port Arthur fleet Is at .the mercy of the doughty admiral.
MAIN FEATURES OF THE RUSSO-JAPANESE WAR NEWS.
Alexieff Raises
:: Unique War
i ssue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' SATURDAY, . APRIL 16, . 1904;
RUSSIA WILL TREAT AS SPIES WRITERS USING WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
NAVAL -GUNS HAIL PROJECTILES
Our frame department is showing a
new line of frames i in gilt, gold and art
nouveau. Best values. Sanborn, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market st. : • '
the, entrance of Port Arthur and then
entice the Russians out; i;The mines
were placed in position and Port Ar
thur was bombarded on April 13. Sev
eral Russian shins besides the Petro
pavlovsk were damaged.
/ "During the past three weeks I have
traveled through the principal centers
of the country," including St. Peters
burg, .Warsaw, .'Kiev .. and Moscow. I
found .unrest and grumbling every
where—plenty of love for Russia, but
"practically none', foiv the .- Government.
The impression is general that the Far
Eastern story up'.to date _is one, of un
relieved shame for Russians. The peo
ple feel .that their rulers ;are corrupt
and Jncompefent, as well as lawless
and J brutal. : , On ;, every 1 hand > I '; heard
the opinion that war, might have been
avoided.
"Commerce : is suffering enormously;
2
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Get the
Habit. Thousands arc ercailv benefited
by it. It is the taking of Hood's Sarsa-
parilla in the spring — the best medi-
cine for purifying the blood, clearing
the complexion and building up the
whole system.
Fifteen thousand testimonials re-
ceived in 190.?! An average of fifty
every business day — one year's record,
unprecedented in' the history of medi-
cine, and superabundant evidence of
great and unequalcd merit.
After a cold winter a hot summer
is predicted. Prepare for it by build-
injr op the system now.
Get Hood's to-day. Sold every-
where.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Kg "^" Million American Beauties i
H jj^fSS^^y^^vfrfflTOffirSpfea keep their blood, pure, their com- 11
iM _im^§^3B3HKjyfiP*gSj^L^fetJr*J3c > plexion soft and olear, their s
§9 br©&th S'w&st and their wholo f
m .^B^Bffl^ffiHKIB^BiBPBSBijWj-K bodies active' and healthy "with *
Ps v system cleaners and blood VJL
m w&E&»^fitZe?± E§fWfyftiy . purifiers; their promptness in w
NJ BwBap™^WQy. curing pimples, boils, blotches, s
M ver spots, blackheado, and in Ss
H 'fiSSJ^SH^^iifiiiy have bocome knovrn through the a
H /irfia Ta^Cjkw^^^^B^ kind •words of ladies who have H
B >rfl& ' tried them: Henco the sale of J
Pi fflR§k *S^rj&£!&&&SP OVER A MILLION BOXES A fj
H Bgj^ MONTH. The quickest, surest -j
m way to beauty is to cloanso the i
M ' f^^^^^^r^ 1^ '^^^¦^ gently but positively with CAS- K
H t " Th *y makeime 60a Never sold in bulk. Tho sen- g
j / feel *o good." uine tablet stamped C O O. Sam- ||
fig / ' pie and booklet free. 'Address H
Eg / STERLING REMEDY COMPANY, Chicago or New York. M
I AfaR25JAL SALE -TEW ft*BLLE03i SOXES I
ft |iH ¦. ¦¦¦¦iSMl22iJl I \i til^ iWo ' t><i m *The new Observatory is at Fulton and
Stanyan.' entrance to Park. Take McAllis
ter-st. cars, get off at Stanyan, and : see
Xhc Panorama. ,
Harry M. Moffitt, United States
secret service agent, returned to head
quarters in this city yesterday after an
absence in Alaska; for the last five
months, he 'had been detailed
on official duty.
Harry Aloffit't Returns.
Mrs. F. "Westerners, assisted by her
pupils and the Swedish ; Singing So
ciety, will give a musical concert at
the Y. M. C. A. auditorium on Wed
nesday evening.
An interesting exhibition" was given
last night at the Alhambra Theater
by Herbert Cuthbert.. under the aus
pices of the, California Camera Club.
The lecture, the one hundred and
sixty-seventh of the. club, was illus
trated with stereopticon- views on "A
Trip From California to Victoria."
Camera Club (lives Exhibition
That there Is a deal of truth in the
old adage, "Troubles never come
singly," was exemplified yesterday by
the filing of a suit against Edward G.
Clarke, the capitalist, who recently
married Rosalind Bower, the "sweet
pea girl," and then, when he got sober,
had the marriage annulled. The
plaintiff in the last suit is John A.
Hoey and he ask,s for Judgment
against Clarke for S1950, the balance
due on a claim for $3000 for legal
services, assigned to him by Craig &
Craig, Clarke's atorneys in the annul
ment proceedings, j
Clarke's marriage (was annulled last
Tuesday by Judge Seawell. Oh the
following day the Craigs asigned- their
claim to Hoey and he filed the suit as
soon as Clarke . refused to. pay more
than $1050 for the services.
TROUBLES MULTIPLY
FOR EDWARD H. CLARKE
"We know that the Japanese have
submarines. A .United States naval
officer landed at> the wrong '¦ dock, ap
parently an unused wharf, Jri a Jap
anese town before the war and saw
a submarine > surrounded ¦ onC three
sides by- high fences, so. that, it was
visible only, frorri the water side.
fore he had an opportunity to examine
NEW YORK, April 16.—Expres
sions from St. Petersburg of a belief
that # the Japanese are using submarine
boats in their Port Arthur attacks are
given col&r-by a, statement credited to
a retired naval officer in this city. He
declares it to be the only way in which
one can account for the succession of
disasters met by the Russian ships.
"It is incredible," tie said, ''that
ships which undoubtedly have charts
of the mines should be blown uo by
them. One of the first- things Vice
Admiral itfakaroff did when he reached
Port Arthur was to resurvey the har
bor and locate the- mines.
"What is the sense of these constant
bombardments If they "are "not feints
made in order to entice the Russian
ships out? The ,. theories that the
Petropavlovsk struck Her own mines
or that - the Japanese planted : a mine
during the night are untenable! *-.
American Officer^ Said to Have Seen
the Vessel at Its Dock. . '
JAPAX HAS A SUBMARINE.
SAN DIEGO, April 15. — The Mexican gun
boat 'Democrata came Into port this afternoon.
Her rudder post Is sprung and she put In to
make reralrs.
F.NTERTAIN'S AT TEA GARDEN'S. — Th*
"Club of Jolly Twenty" pave a vaudeville
entertainment at the Japanese tea garden m
Golden Gate Park on Thursday nisht. April 7 %
A pleasing prosrramm* was rendered and the
evening was passed joyfully.
Sickness Delays Japanese Advance.
TIENTSIN, April 15. — It is asserted
here that the reason' of the delay in
the movements of the Japanese army
in Korea- is that more than 12 per
tw-nt of. the troops are suffering: from
a malignant sickness, described as be
ing a species of beri-beri.
! " We are sole agents for Fountain Pens
that will tit your hand, do not leak and
will write without coaxing. Price. $1 to
$5. Sanborn./Vail &. Co., 741 Market St.*
The twenty-ninth birthday of
Champion James J. Jeffries; was suit
ably celebrated last night, the big
fellow being entertained at an elabor
ate dinner by some fifteen of his
friends. The affair was hi charge of
Harry Corbett, Dick Adams, Harry
Green and" Colonel Brady.
Jeffries' Birthday Celebrated.
What his object was in firing the
store is baffling the detectives, and the
only reason they can suggest is that
the man figured on escaping during
the excitement the fire would cause. ' If
this was his plan It worked to a nicety.
The. only clew,. they had to work on
was that a young man, o£ whom they
have a -good description, walked into
the store a few days ago and under pre
tense of making a purchase had the
proprietor open the safe.
It took Schneidewindi gome time to
make the combination, and he thinks
is pscudo customer studied its work
ings, learned the combination and,
watching his opportunity, got Into the
place and opened the vault.
A peculiar case of robbery "was re
ported to the' police last night and the
efforts of the detectives detailed on the
case to locate the criminal have thus
far proved futile.
H. J. Schenidewind. a jeweler at S22
Valencia street, is the victim of this
crime, which is unique in police, an
nals. Schenidewind closed his shop
shortly after 8 o'clock and left to at
tend a lodse meeting. Soon after an
alarm of fire was turned in from box
142. On the arrival of the engines it
was discovered that there was an in
cipient blaze in a side room of the
shop.
Schneiderwind on his return to the
main store found that his safe had
been opened and that some J1100 worth
of unset stones had beh taken from it,
besides $54 n coin. Badges valued at$1000
were overlooked by the thief. The mat
ter was at once reported to the police,
and Detectives Tom Gibson and Bailey
were sent to investigate.
Street, Claims Loss Aggregating
Xcarly $1200.
H. J. Schenidewind. 822 Vnlencia
JEWELRY STORE LOOTED j
AXD THEX SET OX FIRE
STABBED IX THE BAC»
IX QUAHREL OVER YVOMAX
The woman in the case is Miss Nel
lie Conner. Phin has been courting
her and when he met her walking
with Cockran he demanded an expla
nation. Cockran resented his Inter
ference and claims that Phin struck
him. Then Cockran drew his knife
and stabbed his assailant.
Cockran was captured by Police
man J. J. Tillman as he was running
away. Phin. was removed to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital, where Dr.
Hertzog succeeded in removing a
knife blade four inches long from his
back. The knife barely missed the
spinal cord and the wound, while se
rious, Is not necessarily fatal.
Cockran was charged with assault
to murder, but claims he acted in self
defense.
In a auarrel over a woman Alex
ander Phin, a steamship steward liv
ing at 781 Folsom street, was stabbed
in the back by Arthur Cockran, a
member of the Coast Artillery, half
an hour after midnight near the cor
ner of Third and Mission streets.
Alexander Phin Is Seriously Wounded
by Arthur Cockran, a Soldier, in
Street Brawl.
: PORT ARTHUR, April 15.— The in
habitants have organized a volunteer
regiment, the members of which will
be used as guards and sometimes as
signed to the batteries. Chinese la
borers are,- continually strengthening
the fortifications. The landing of the
Japanese troops in Korea continues
without cessation. Pingyang is strong
ly, fortified and a point ten versts
north of the town is also fortified.
The Japanese are very strict and just
in their dealings with the Koreans and
are paying them high prices.
Japanese Just to Koreans.
On Wednesday the varsity nins will
play the St. Mary's team at Idora'Park,
in Oakland; in order to become familiar
with the grounds before meeting the
California team a week from to-mor
row.
The varsity nine played gilt edge ball,
securing ten hits off the delivery oS
Merkle and McGregor, who occupied
the box for the visiting team. They
were debited with two errors, but these
came to them on hard chances.
The Mayer Brothers' team made elev
en errors, five of them in the fifth
inning, when five of the fifteen runs
were made by the varsity. Neither
Merkle npr McGregor was effective as
a pitcher, but the support they were
given would have discouraged the best
of pitchers.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. April
15. — In a farcical, one-sided game, of
baseball this afternoon the varsity
nine defeated the Mayer Bros.' team
from San Jose by the score of 15 to 2
in eight innings. -Parker, a former
varsity pitcher, twirled for the varsity
in order to sa\'e the varsity pitchers,
who have a game to-morrow morning
with the Presidio nine. He was in
fine form, striking out seven of the
visitors and allowing but two hits and
distinguishing himself at the bat by
swinging on' one of Merkle's twisters
for a home run. •¦ ' --*"'
Defeats Mayer Bros.' Xlne From San
Jose In an Eight-Inning
Contest.
•j- ¦ : fr
it Japanese soldiers on guard drove
him away with fierce threats. They
seemed highly indignant that he
should have caught sight. of the boat
at all."
San Francisco Lodge of the Frater
nal Brotherhood gave an entertain
ment and dance in Shasta Hall of the
Native Sons' building last night,
which was attended by nearly,
400 people. The programme in
cluded "Light- Cavalry," by Sup
pe; a duet by Mrs Josephine
Jackson and Mrs.' "W. D. Evans: "An
swer," vocal selection, —John-H. Da
vis; ballad, •'fantil You Came," Walter
Hastings Qlney; "O That We Two
Were Maying," song, by Mrs. J. E.
Slate and John H. Davis; vocal selec
tion, "The Swallows," Mrs. J. E. Slate,
and selections* toy the Hawaiian quar
tet. . Thc^jrogramme, far superior to
any heretofore presented by the lodge,
was a treat for the audience. There
was dancing until midnight. The
function jva.s admirably managed by
Mrs. L. A. Kingsbury, Mrs. Josephine
Jackson and W. D. Evans, assisted by
Mrs. J.. M. Jackson, accompanist.
an' Audience or About Four
Hundred Persons.
Excellent Programme of Music Pleases
Lonjr - haired white cats — Blue - eyed male,
first. Mrs. W. L,. Evison'a Apollo II; blue
eyed female, limit class", first. Master Dudley
Connlngton's Queen .Alexandra; amber eyes,
male, limit class, first. Airs. A. St. J. Oliver's
Cherub; amber-eyed female, limit class, Mrs.
A. H. Abbott's Aminah. Brown or gray
tabBIea — Males. limit class, first; * Herbert
Stockton's Teddy S; female, limit class, first.
Mrs. A. H. Brod'e Zaza. Orange or red — Male,
limit class, first. Mrs. A. H. Brod's Jack
O'Dandy; novice class, first, Mrs. Crossen's
Rufus. Cream color — Male o» iemale. first,
Mrs. A. H. Abbott's Lady Crmm, Puff. Any
color — Male or: female, limit clai3, flrst. Pre
sidio Cat Kennel's Lady Duff. Neuter — White,
limit class, flrst; "Mra. A. H. Brod's Middy.
Neuter — White, limit class, flrst. Mrs. A. H.
Abbott's Fluff. Neuter— Any color either than
white, first. Mrs. D. G. Harvey's Ginger;
Novice classv first, Mrs. E. H. Strong's Cigar
ette Lor,e-haired Utter — First, Mrs. L.
Mowry's Utter of six. Short-haired cats —
White male., limit class, first. Mrs. R. B.
Davis' Jimmy; novice class, first,' Valentine
Dean's Weirse; female, limit class, first, Mrs.
Frank R Howard's Beauty: female, novice
class, first, Mrs. W. A. Dean's Kleurette.
Gray or brown — Male, novice class, first, Mrs.
W. A. Dean's Judze Dooling: limit class,
female first, H. C. Abbott'8 Molly: female,
novice class, first, Valentine Dean's Mlns Gray.
Black — Male, novice class, first, Mrs. B.
Marcuse's Niscer: female, novice class, flrst,
Mrs. E. i A. I-elgh's Susan Van. Tortoise —
Male or female, limit class, first, W. A.
Dean's Midget. Any other color— -Male or female,
limit class, first. Mrs. W. A. Dean's Mln Blue.
Neuter — White, novice class, first, Frank M.
Tray's Snowball. Neuters — Blue or black,
limit class, first, W. Mcssenberg's Fritz;
novice clas=s, flrst Mrs. F. A. Tibbitt's Totti.
Neuters — Any other color, limit class, first,
Mrs. D. Clegg's Midnight. Kittens — First.
Mrs Kate Waters' Brindle. Short-haired lit
t,» _Lnrst, r Mrs. F. K. Howard's litter of one
male and two females. Manx — Male or fe
male, limit class, first. Mrs. R. Watson's
Tokio. .
The show of 'the Cat Club opened in
the artistically decorated gallery of
Mechanics' Pavilion yesterday and at
tracted many visitors. Mrs. Irene H.
de Witt, judged ail the regular classes
during the day. The awards follow:
Many /Valuable Tabbies on View in
Mechanics* Pavilion Art Gallery.
PRIZE CATS ARE EXHIBITED.
STAXFORD TEAM WIXS
FARCICAL BALL GAME
FRATER*XAIj , BROTHERHOOD '
GIVES EXTERTA1XMEXT
"The Republicans of Massachusetts
give their hearty and total indorse
ment to the administration of Theodore
Roosevelt. Called to that high office
under the. most trying circumstances,
he assumed its responsibilities and
Approval of the administration cf the
civil service laws is expressed and the
responsibilities and duties of this coun
try toward the people of Porto Rico
and thi. Philippine Islands are declared
to have been met in the most liberal
and beneficial spirit.
A free and fair ballet is d«rranded.
which it is .declared to be the duty of
the Federal , Government to safeguard.
Concerning the tariff, the platform
insists upon the maintenance of the
protection principle, "but," it contin
ues, "we recognize that particular tar
iff schedules are neither sacred nor
immutable. Rates of duty may be al
tered when changed conditions de
mand their alteration, but no revision
should be undertaken unless it is clear
that the benefit will more than com
pensate the inevitable disturbance of
business which attends any revision
of tariff schedules. Nor can it safely
be intrusted to any other than the
party of protection."
Gratification at the selection of Wil
liam H. Moody as Secretary of the
Navy Is expressed and the platform in
conclusion says:
der Democratic theories of 1596."
The platform declares that "our mon
etary system is now on such a stable
and satisfactory basis that men look
back in wonder and amazement when
they recall the wild vagaries and still
"At a time when it almost seemed as
though law had ceased to be effective
and legislation had reached its limit in
the great coal crisis of 1902-*03, actu
ated by pure and patriotic motives and
"desirous only of the public good, he
brought all the power of his great
office and all the strength of his vigor
ous manhood to the solution of that
problem and successfully Invoked the
principle of arbitration and mutual
concession to settle the impending
strike and. avert general suffering
among the people.
"His forceful and energetic admin
istration of our public affairs, his wise
and patriotic methods of dealing with
great and difficult problems, mark him
as equal to his responsibilites and
faithful to his obligations. Fearless
in the discharge of his duties, with an
eye single to' the public welfare, the
representative of the best ideals in
American manhood, he may be as
sured that Republican Massachusetts
will give him her full confidence and
support, not only in the National Con
vention at Chicago, but in the election
November next."
With the last word of the resolutions
Eugene Foss arose and offered a sub
stitute for the plank relating to Cana
dian reciprocity. Foss' resolution de
clared for closer and more advantage
ous trade relations with Canada and
that reciprocal relations beneficial to
both countries should preferably fol
low the general line of the removal by
both countries of the duties on national
products of each, and such mutual ex
tensions on the free list and reductions
and changes of the duties on the man
ufactured products of both as will give
to each as low a rate of duties as given
to any other country.
In a speech in support of his resolu
tion Foss declared that he offered it as
a Republican manufacturer and em
ployer and as the representative of
ma'ny hundreds of millions of capital
in the commonwealth.
performed its duties in full accord with
Its best traditions. His straightfor
ward, manly and sincere course has
commanded the cordial support of all
the people.
GOOD WORK OF PUESIDEXT.
MASSACHUSETTS SENATOR IN THE
NATIONAL. LEGISLATURE. WHO
SPOKE AT BOSTON CONVENTION.
The statement printed abroad that
United States Embassador McCormlck 1
had been Instructed to make repre
sentations to the Government of Rus
sia concerning anti-Jewish demonstra
tions at Eastertide Is Incorrect. The
Embassador received no instructions
and made no representations. Exag
gerated reports of possible outbreaks,
printed abroad, have caused numerous
inquiries here, but the apprehensions
seem to. have been groundless, not a
single anti-Semitic demonstration hav
ing been reported since the holidays
began.
General Kuropatkin is concentra:!ng
his second line of defense' between
Mukden and Liaoyang. He will have
120,000 men there. by April 24.
The prevailing belief here is that the
Japanese will take advantage of the
situation to make a renewed attack
on Port Arthur, with 'the object of
sealing the entrance to the port, or,
considering the Russian fleet to be
practically immobilized by Its inferior
ity, proceed with the landing of troops
at the head of the gulf of Liaotung.
It Would not be surprising If the Jap
anese attempted to invest the fortress
of Port Arthur by land.
The latest rer>orts are to the effect
that the Japanese fleet is still in 'aight
from Golden Hill.
But such talk finds no cchojn re
sponsible quarters, where, indeed, it
i3 remarkable how calm and confident
the officials are that a change of for
tune will take place as soon as the
land operations begin in earnest.
EXPECT JAPANESE ACTIVITY.
As a result of the depressing influ
ence produced by the loss of the
Petropavlovsk, some pessimism, is
manifested, and in consequence - all
kinds of wild talk is heard. This is
not strange, considering the fatalism
inherent in the Russian character. As
an example, the specter of foreign
complications has appeared.
It is said that the*Petropaylovsk was
blown up by a submarine, boat sup
plied to Japan by Great Britain, which,
of course, would mean war with the
British. In furtherance of this *flea
it is pointed out that the British Par
liament has granted permission for
Indian troops to cross the frontier of
Tibet, whic,h naturally means only
that Great Britain is preparing to aid
her ally by advancing upon Central
Asia.
I Altogether ten Russian vessels have
been damaged or lost since the out
break of the war.
j, The disaster of "Wednesday ends the
j hope that the ill-fated Port Arthur
squadron would be able to become an
aggressive factor in the operations be
| fore it is reinforced by the arrival of
l the Baltic fleet. Until then the aim
of the Russians will be to hold Port
Arthur and conserve the remaining
ships within the protection of its guns.
Temporarily, the - least faith In suc
cess at sea died with Admiral Mak
aroff, and the Russian people now
look to the army, in which they have
implicit confidence, to retrieve on land
the reverses and distress suffered on
the water.
Viceroy Alexleff , . who was at Muk
den . when the disaster occurred, pro
ceeded promptly j to Port Arthur jj to
personally assume temporary com
mand of the naval forces .there, and
reached his distinction last night. His
presence is expected to put an end to
the demoralization there.
Besides the two battleships, the
other effective vessels at .Port Arthur
are the armored cruiser. Bayan, the
first-class cruisers Askold and Diana,
the second-class cruiser Novik, the tor
pedo gunboats Vzadnik and Gaidamak,
the gunboats Gremiaschchi, Otvashni,
Gillak and Bobr, the cruisers Djigit,
Bazboynik and Zabiyaka and the tor
pedo-boat destroyers, whose exact
number is not known.
TEX VESSELS OUT OF ACTIOX.
There are now only two undamaged
battleships, the Peresvlet and -the
Sevastopol, in the harbor at Port Ar
thur, but some of the' damaged vessels
have been repaired. Captain Jakov
leff is still alive, but his condition is
critical.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 15.— A dis
patch from Liaoyang says that the
Russian intrenchments on the Yalu
River have been completed. The center
of the line of fortified 'positions is
Antung. The right flank rests on
Tatungkau and the left flank on Kiu
liencheng, on the west,, bank of the
Yalu. -. , .''Qv-;-
At a time when, to all appearances,
a considerable sentiment in the con
vention was with Fosf, Senator Lodge
took the platform and by an eloquent
address stemmed the tide and carried
tho delegates with him:
Foss, in offering his resolution, ar-
Srued that the Republican party in
Massachusetts was in danger of de
fpat unless something was done to save
it. He said that a decrease of five per
cent in the Republican vote of the
Ftate would place it in the Democratic
column, and he contended that Cana
dian reciprocity would avert this dan
ger. When he concluded he was ac
corded applause, hearty and prolonged.
Senator Lodge, supporting the plat
form reported by the resolutions com
mittee of the convention, urged har
mony and before he had been speating
a great while the audience was cheer
ing at almost every sentence.
When the chairman called for a vote
on the substitution of Mr. Foss' reci
procity plank, a few scattered voices
declared in favor of the substitution,
fcut when- the vote of those opposed
was railed a thunderous "no" shook
the walls of the auditorium. Immedi
ately afterward the original platform
vas adopted.
PLEA OF MR. FOSS.
Mr. Foss made his plea for a recip
rocity plank yesterday before the
committee «n resolutions. The result
was not satisfactory to him and he de
dared he would carry the matter be
fore tho convention. In this connec
tion also he demanded that the Aus
tralian ballot he used in voting f*r del
t ..rates-ai-large. Opposed to Mr. Foss
on the reciprocity question are Senator
Henry Cabot Lodge and the State com
mittee, while his opponent as candi
date for rtripgate-at-large was Colonel
K. C Bectou <if Be&nonL
The genera! feeling before the con
vention seemed to be that Foss would
l»o defeated and that the delegatcs-at-
Jnrge named by the State committee.
Senator Lodge, former Governor Win
throp Murray Crane, former Governor
Jthn D. Long and Colonel Benton,
would be chosen.
When the convention had been called
t<> <>rdor by Major Thomas Talbot. the
temporary chairman. Attorney General
Herbert Parker was introduced as per
manent chairman. 'Mr. Parker made
an address which occupied an hour in
its delivery, and then the platform was
presented.
The principles of reciprocity as enun
ciated in th« national Republican plat
form of 1S00 are reafihmed. On this
subject thf- resolutions say further:
"Every effort to that end has hither
to been made by the Republican party.
Reciprocity with Canada is a mere
phrase until the concessions offered on
«•!!«• side and demanded on the other
are stated in detail. No administration
imd no party can legislate or negotiate
n mere catchword into substance.
Those who demand reciprocity with
Canada should furnisb details if they
desire action, always remembering
that no trade can be a good trade un
]r-Fs both parties are benefited there
by."
COMMENDATION OF ' COXGRESS.
The administration and Congress arc
commended for having assured the
construction of the Panama canal. The
Sherman anti-trust law under a Re
publican executive has b^en tested and
enforced, and "the fact established
that no condition detrimental to the
public welfare can arise under a peo
ple's government that cannot be
checked by Congressional legislation."
at Chicago. Foss, ¦who before the con
vention had announced his intention
cf offering a reciprocity resolution and
of contesting as a candidate for dele
pate at large on this issue, carried out
his plan, llis resolution was over
whelmingly voted down and he was
rejected as a delegate by a vote of ITS
to 1161 for his nearest contestant.
BOSTON. April In.— Canadian reci
procity and Eugene Foes, its foremost
champion in this section of New Eng
land, were decisively defeated to-day
In the Republican State convention
called to elect four delegates at large
to the Republican National convention
Ten Vessels Put Out
of Action Since
War Began.
Auditors Cheer and
Programme Is j.
Adopted.
Russian Hope in Port
Arthur Warships
Abandoned.
Brilliant Address Is
Made by the
Senator.
LODGE SPEAKS VIGOROUS WORDS
AT THE MASSACHUSETTS CONVENTION
REMNANT
OF FLEET
USELESS
. THE SAN FRANCISCO GALi:,:- SATURDAY. APRIL 10; 1904.
3
KXW ADVEETISEMENTS.
uisrifA DEnrrs a cause.
European Skis Specialist Says Dandruff
Is Caused by Parasites.
Upon that theory, proved beyond a.
doubt, a cure for dandruff was sought
after. Scientists, chemists, druggists and
phyelciaus all "took a hand." and the
successful Issue is the present product
known as "ICewbro's HerpiclCe."
This remedy actually kills the para-
sites that infest the hair bulb, does its
work most effectively and contains not an
ntotn of substance injurious to any thing
else than the cerm alone. Herpicide
causes the hair to grow as nature intend-
ed it should, soft and abundant.
Sold by leading drujrpists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
I»ctrolt. Mich. .
SETTEB THAH SOLO
': for Hi© teeth. It prevents decay. Ifc
liftrdcns tbo gon» *nd purifies th»
breath and raouth-
SI ¥ES Y0CR TEETH
Schilling's Best make gen-
erous business. Your grocer
is generous with it. Moneyback j
costs him nothing; costs no-
body anything.
ADVERTISEMENTS. : _'.._._
A. too head ot hair Is HOW within Seemingly
roach of eToryoae.
/jlliwii w$$ If deTel °J >a 80 much iife and energy in the scalp that the hair fairly
¦ LEAPS I§y ITS GROWTH.
V'^PMIh We can refer you to hundreds of cases in ¦which it has made the hair
VlKWB -111 ' grow four and five feet long, and it will do the same for you if
URwv SsSSfc you will use it as it should be used— and that is— regular, for at leas k
3fi^*j5iifc |p^ two or three months, or until the scalp becomes thoroughly, vitalized,
iHJWp j Ji^ which in most cases requires but one or two bottle3. Many people have
JP^iilfefeli iWw v.Titten to us that t>ey havo received most excellent results from the
fl||iit IIP KOW at * 1! £>roSS« f J «n Three Siz«-25c, 50c, «««J $1.00 per botU*.
¦'FW/ 1 -^^'|S • By Permission We R.eproduo«th« Fallowing Ltttars-
.6 " / .^§ *Mi$§vigPiS:- Tbo Knowltoa Danderlne Co.. Chicago. 111. ' , -,,„„, „„.
"^.^ ZjiS^fe - ; . Dear Sirs :— I commenced usSnst your Danderlne to etop my talr f rom faMteK oal.
which it A Id quJckly, and Cfiat Is no: »U; U started my hair growing, ray raowiy aad ita»
Moe AmmifF^uffu4m '• result fs, Inowhavea^-eantlfuihead ot hair measuring 4«4 feet in length, » gala oj
_¦¦ : . I ; nearly two feet la ttw past Xew mcnUa. ~. It Is certainly **^&nU*. '
m$m&>V?>> To 3ho^ how quickly it acts we wiil send a large sample free by return m3il 1 to anyone who
M IClLfiL sends this advertisement to the KNOWLTQN DANDERINE CO^ CHICAGO, with taetf
• ••>»**t*^ name and address and 10 cents in silver or stamps to pay portage.
For Sale and Guaranteed by REDINOTON & CO;, Wholesale Agents;
ADVEETISEMENTS. ;^:7 f^
Genuine- SyrUp of HlgS, \ jf^Jr J
The Genuine is Manufactured by the M^'^Ml$M&
The ful! name of the company, California Fig Syrup Co n
la printed on the front of every package of the genuine. i^^^WM^I^^MSi
The Genuine- Syrup of Figs- is for Sale, in Original
Packages Only, by Reliable Druggists Everywhere r?§^^-*?>j^^j
Knowing the above will enable one to avoid the fraudulent imita- v^S&^j^^^^B
tions made by piratical concerns and sometimes offered by unreliable M2$%£?
dealers. The . imitations are known to act injuriously and should \^P5^S^{h^^B
. therefore bt declined. _ ? m
Buy the genuine always if you wish to get its beneficial effects. W^^S^/^S. 1©1
It cleanses the system- gently yet effectually, dispels colds and headaches V^^/'*5*
when bilious or constipated, prevents fevers and acts best on the X0?¥ /¦// j ?!§3
kidneys, liver, stomach and bowels, uvhen a laxative remedy is needed W/£; Wik ill
by men, women or children. Many millions know of its beneficial jttii'i IIP la
effects from actual use and of their own personal knowledge. It is the /.0f§ 9?§@1|S|
laxative remedy of the well-informed. * £$¦} i
Always buy the- Genuine- Syrup of Figs , '«!^^^"^/S8^v'^ES
MANUFACTURED BY THE /^PM?* ? M-^M^S^
LowbviSfe, Kjt SwvrmiKisCO.C&I. Rc^^.K^.MThe Armour Refrigerating Com
pany, uhich handles all citrus fruit
shipped over the Southern Pacific
lines from California to Eastern
points, has given notice of a r«duction
in its icing charges of 6 per cent, ef
fective on April 20. This means that
the Santa Fe Company, which operates
its own refrigerating cars and has
lately been bidding for a larger 6hare
of the fruit shirmients from Northern
California, will also make a reduction
of similar proportions. The rates to
Chicago by both the Southern Pacific
a.nd Santa Fe are $62 50 and to New
York 577 50, p~i a 6 per cent reduc
tion will make them respectively
35* 75 and ?72 85.
ARMOUR COM PAX V CUTS
ICING RATES TO EAST
Charles S. Fee, the newly appointed
passenger traffic manager of the
Southern Pacific Company, was the
guest at a luncheon given by Charles
E. Green at the Pacific Union Club
yesterday. There ivere present tw.en
ty-slx gentlemen, representing the va
rious important branches of com
merce in San Francisco, with whom
the Southern Pacific official will here
after come in contact in a business
way, and the different railroad corpo
rations with whom Mr. Fee will be
associated. The luncheon was hap
pily conceived by Mr. Green, who is
en old friend of Mr. Fee. as a pleasant
means of making the new passenger
traffic man of the Southern Pacific
acquainted with representative men of
this city. •
lie Is Introduced at a Lunclieon Gir
cn by diaries E. Green at Pacific
Union Club.
CHAIiLKS S. FEE MKliTTS
LEADING MEN OF CITY
Dimond told of .his: work in Washing
ton, giving a clear, account of his time'
there and declaring that his relations
with the Interior Department had been:
of the most regular and professional
nature. He positively^ contradicted Wil
liam! E. Valk, the' former special exam
iner In' the lieu -land division,- who tes
tified that|Berisbn had given Dimond a
card which he presented to Valk'and
on which- the writer said, "This man
represents me and is all right."
."Mr. Benson gave me no note to any
one, 1 ' said Dlmond, "and I did not have
a line of ' writing or typewriting or v a
paper of any kind from him when I
went to, Washington.'.' V .
• Next came ; Wheeler's "effort to getMn
evidence Hyde'B letter -directing the
Washington lawyers, Britton <& Gray,
to ; transfer his ¦ cases to Dimond. -* ilc-
"If such; a rule doesfnot exist," Mc-
Enerney retorted, "no client is safe in
dealing with any attorney."
'^'•'Objection overruled;" Heacock de
cided, and then Dimond completed his
interrupted answer. •" It was harmless/;,
"Hyde informed me," he gald, "that
Benson had an Interest In some of the
base lands used for selections and was
entitled to part of the money tied up
in this way." '
-¦CONTRADICTS VAL.K. ¦
"Dimond proposes to clear himself by
violating a rule that has obtained ever
since the dawn of Anglo-Saxon juris
prudence," was McEnerney' s reply.
""If such a rule exists." Heney retort^
ed, "no attorney, is safe In dealing, with
a client unless he knows his whole his
tory."
"A prima facie case has been made
out," the Government lawyer Bald,
"and therefore* no communication be
tween these defendants : is privileged.
The prosecution, hopes i the witness w;ill
tell all he knows." ,." ''•<:*^ - '¦'. V><
"I am very loth," said the Commis
sioner, "to make a ruling that will close
the door to the fullest exposure of the
relations of these defendants."
Then'- Heney took a^iand.
For a few minutes the two- lawyers
for the defendants. debated the matter,
Wheeler declaring that Dimond did not
intend to do injustice to his former
client, but adding, "I propose to go
fully into the whole connection between
the two." • *
"I object," shouted McEnerney of
counsel for the other defendant, Hyde.
"This is a privileged communication
from client to attorney and must not
be disclosed."
TILT BETWEE.V COUXSEIi.
"Did you know that Hyde and Ben
son were in any way connected in for
est reserve lieu land interests?" asked
Charles S. Wheeler, Dimond's attorney.
"Just before I left for .Washington,"
the witness began his answer, "Mr.
Hyde told me •"
I was retained by Hyde In the gumraer of
1!K>1 to look after leeal matters in connection
his lieu land selections then pending: at
Washington. . From June. 1 until Aucust 17
I spent my time In Me office hero studying
th* decisions of the Lund Commissioner ami
prepartrg- for a trip to Washington. I nev= ;
took up any Government land in my own name
Her did any member of my family. The
L'llzabsth DImcnd who has been mentioned In
the testimony here is n^t connected with me
In any way. While in Hyde's office I did not
'•¦am of anything illegal in his business. Us
showed me his circulars announcing that he
wan a dealer In forest reserve lien scrip and
that purchasers might locate the lieu land
themselves or employ him at an added ccn
t-ld< ratlin to make the selections and «et them
approved. I did not know that I was to be
connected with Benson In -any way, but I
met him at Hyde's office shortly after I went
U>*re.
When I left for Washington In August it
wes with the expectation of spending: about
ninety days there in familiarizing myself with
the procedure in the department and taking
over Hyde's cases, then In the hands of Brit
ton & Gray, who had been acting aa hi* *t
tcrneys. I , - -
He said in part
Dimond did not reach this part of
his story yesterday,, but when he re
turns to the stand on Monday morning
he will declare that his visit to Benson
was in relation to a matter # in which
he was acting as attorney for the land
speculator, and which is not included
in the indictment; that when Benson
heard a k.nock on his door he said to
Dlmond, "Please step into the bath
room a second until I get. rid of this
visitor," and that the lawyer did so
without knowing that Benson's caller
was an employe of the Interior Depart
ment with whom it was irregular to
have secret dealings.
Dimond's testimony was delivered in
a straightforward manner and covered
the greater part of the evidence in
volving his name that has been given
by the Grand Jury witnesses who have
been put on the stand by the defense.
EXPLAINS BATHROOM STORY.
.Henry "P. Dimond, the San Francisco
attorney who is one of the defendants
In the land fraud case, took the stand
in his own behalf yesterday before
United States Commissioner Heacock
and denied 1 in detail any complicity In
the alleged illegal operations of Fred
erick A. Hyde and John A. Benson and
any" knowledge of the conspiracy,
charged in the indictment found by the
Federal Grand Jury at Washington,
D. C. Dimond's testimony, which was
not completed • when court adjourned,
is understood to be preliminary to a
motion by his counsel to dismiss the
complaint as to him. This motion may
be made on. Monday, unless the cross
examination of the witness by Gov
ernment Counsel Heney should prove
unexpectedly long. and severe.
Before . Dimond leaves the witness
stand he will admit tftat he was the
mysterious man behind the door of
Benson's bathroom at the time Wood
ford D. Harlan of the General Land
Office visited the well-known "scrip
per." This visit occurred in Benson's
parlors at the Willard Hotel in Wash
ington during May, 1902. Harlan al
leged In hi? testimony on Thursday
that Benson told him he had an agent
in the bathroom whom he wanted him
to meet, and that on his refusing to
deal with more than one man in the
sale of Government secrets- Benson had
asked him to step Into a clothes closet,
while he let his bathroom guest out
into the hall.
. Consideration of the general deficien
cy appropriation bill was resumed in;
the House to-day after a number of
minor r bills had been passed. Tha
President's recent order regarding ser
vice pensions was attacked by Under
wood of Alabama, who contended that
there was no warrant in law for it.
The President also was criticized by
Hay of Virginia h. cause of certain,
suspensions of the civil service rules
and regulations. General debate on the
deficiency bill will close to-morrow and
the bill will be read for amendment.
"You might have some one in.. the
Senate ask the Postmaster General
what members of Congress recom
mended their appointments." remarked
Bailey, and a laugh was provoked at
this Indirect reference to . the recent
controversy In the House.
At -5: 40 the Senate adjourned.
Hale interrupted Bailey with the
statement that he fully agreed with
ir.uch that the Texan had said, yet, he
added, it was impossible to get a
change because of the unwillingness of
Congress to put itself on record. He
called attention to the fact that when
ever there was a rolicall on the sub
ject in the House of Representatives it
failed to sustain other votes 'against
the civil service system. In view of
this fact, be asked, "Does the Senator
from Texas think there is the slightest
chance for a change?"
Bailey replied that he did not think
there was. and Hale said: * j/:
"Is there not a eort of pall resting'
on Congress which prevents its ex
pressing its conviction as to what
Ehould.be done?" '.
Galli nger, asked concerning executive
orders ' creating civil . service positibns
for many hundred employes in the
rural, deli very service.
"I believe." he said flatly, "that to
the victors the spoils belong, and if
1 had rrv way under a Republican ad
ministration I would not allow a Dem
ocratic indorsement to be filed; nor
would I. as a Democrat, permit the
filing of a Republican indorsement un
der a Democratic administration."
He added that he would ask no fa-,
vors of political em-mies, and said that
if such favors were granted he would
not thirk much of those who granted
them, as he would know that they
would expect favors in return.
He had no complaint, he declared,
that the Republicans now appoint their
partirans. He did complain when there
were violations of the law under
the political dilettantism connected
with the service under present condi
tions. There never had been more
scandals in the departments than since
the present system was inaugurated,
he said, and if the Republicans had
been able to turn, the Democratic ras
cals out of office when they took con
trol of the Government they would not
be able to plead even' time the Post
oifice scandal was mentioned that one
of the chief offenders had been la Dem
ocrat. Partisanship, he went on, never
ran too high to suit him, provided it
was intelligent enough to discriminate.
He predicted that if the present sys
tem should be continued the country
would soon have a civil' pension list.
HALE COINCIDES.
SPOILS FOR THE VICTORS.
The sundry civil appropriation bill
was taken up and when the Senate
adjourned about half of it had been
read. There was no debate until the
amendment authorizing the Secretary
of the Interior to appoint agents for
the protection of public timber, "with
out regard to party affiliation," was
reached. Gorman made an inquiry
concerning the civil service feature of
the provision, whereupon Bailey made
an attack upon practices under the
civil service law. He spuke of the civil
service requirement as a "dream— an
Iridescent dream," and added the con
viction that "the present President had
suspended the civil service law in order
to make political appointments more
times than all of his predecessors."
He then announced himself a spoils
man, and said that he delighted in it,
adding that he never had been able
to attain the intellectual enthusiasm
of those who would entirely disasso
ciate an applicant firr office from politi
cal conviction.
Hale was In accerd with much that
Bailey said, but thought that Congress
could not be induced to change the law.
even though convinced that it should
be changed.
The Panama canal bill occupied the
major portion of the day and was
passed without division.
Spooner made a vigc-rous speech In
support of the bill, and was replied to
by Morgan.
CIVIL SERVICE A DREAM. . .
WASHINGTON, April 15.— After a
day devoted to routine proceedings, the
Senate was treated to a spirited speech
by Bailey Just before adjournment on
the question of civil service. The sub
ject came up in connection with a
paragraph in the sundry civil appro
priation bill. Bailey announced in
plain terms that he had no sympathy
with the iridescent dream of civil ser
vice. . He declared that each party
should control the patronage while "In
power, and avowed himself a spoils
man.
Speakers Agree That Old
Method Is Better, but
Change Would Be Difficult
Further Evidence of
Hyde's Peculiar
¦ Methods. >
Major Samuel W. Dunning, the new
advocate general of the Department of
California, reported to General MacAr
thur yesterday and at once, entered
into his active duties here.
The Eleventh Cavalry, which arrived
>esterday on the transport Sheridan.
Is enca.mi>ed in the model camp at the
Presidio. It will only be there a few
days.
Mrs. J. S. Marshall -will give a thea
ter party this afternoon at the Califor
nia Thoater in honor of Mrs. Albert
Todd. who will leave the Presidio early
next week for Washington. D. C. The
post in the departure of Mrs. Todd
]r.ses one of its most charming host
esses. Those invited to meet the guest
of honor are Mrs. George Andrews,
Mrs. Charles A. Coolidge. Mrs. Charles
A. Woodruff. Mrs. Charles Morris. Mrs.
Charles II. Hunter. Mrs. William L.
G*»ary. Mrs. Carol A. Devol and Mrs. A.
C. Markley.
The case of Lieutenant Frederick B.
JCeilson is btill hanging in the balance.
The court-martial called to try his case
met again yesterday morning, but
could not come to order for the reason
that Captain E. T. Wilson failed to
appear upon the scene. Caftain Dent
)f>r at once telephoned over to Fort Ba
k«>r. but found that Wilson had under
stood the hour to be 2 o'clock (the
usual time the court has been conven
ing) instead of 10 a. m. The court then
p.djourned to meet at 10 a. m. to-day.
In the meantime rumors have gone
forth that the case is to be reopened by
the cnurt. and that Neilson Is to be
given another chance to produce more
evidence.
Just preceding the time the flag" is to
be raised, the color escort will proceed
to Colonel Noble's quarters and from
there convey the flag to the new pole.
In the meantime the troops will be
lined up. and while the band plays the
"Star Spansled Banner" the stars' and
stripes will be slowly raised.
The ceremony will be an impressive
one. The new flag staff is 75 feet high,
and the flas that is to float from it is
the regulation post flag, which meas
ures 20 feet fly by 10 feet hoist.
The Tenth Infantry under command
of Colonel Charles H. Noble, will as
semble in full rank and file this morn
lag at 9 o'clock to participate in the
ceremony of the dedication of tbe'rals-
Ing of the new cantonment flag.
Every officer and every enlisted man
In the regiment will be on the scene,
excepting one battalion, composed of
Companies K, F. G and H, under com
mand of Captain Moon, which is now
ttt target practice, at Fort Baker.
Charges Against Lieutenant
F. B. Xeilson Probably
Will Be Further Ventilated
CASE MAY BE KEOPEXED
EXPRESSIONS SUIT HALE
Tenth Infantry Plans to
liaise New Flag at Presidio
With Fitting Ceremonies
Texas Senator Attacks the
Civil Service and Calls It
an ''Iridescent Dream"
Alleged Conspirator At
tacks Federal Tes
timony.
WILL DO HONOR
TO THE COLORS
BAILEY LIKES
SPOILS SYSTEM
DEFENDANT HENRY P. DIMOND DENIES
THAT HE TOOK PART IN LAND FRAUDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; APRIL 16, WOil
.. A 1 : grocery; joke , is trying; to -substitute
forjHIlls'Bros.VArabiaa'Roast, - •
Thomas 7 Murphy Was; found guilty
last night in Judge I Lawlor's ; court of
an attempt to commit -burglary in. the
second degree. Murphy 'attempted to
ransack a room at . 1 1 2 Taylor street.
He will be sentenced April 23.'
Thomas ' Murphy Found Guilty.
The police are investigating a mys
terious shooting that > occurred . ; late
Thursday night .near -the Six-mile
House, San Bruno road. Electric car
1107; in • charge of Motorman H.
Boyle ,'¦ and Conductor ! J. Bergin, had
leftthe' county line on: its way i to the
city at 1 1 : 1 5 j o'clock and was "hearing
the Six-mile'; House \ when the motor
man observed ,two' men" standing in
side the • fence that Iskirta : the roadway.
One ;• of : ' ; them I cried out for w the
motorman to stop the car, which con
tinued at full speed. * A shot was heard
and -Vhen : the car reached -the South
San' Francisco police^ station ', the po
lice were notified '.] Policemen hurried
to the place and made a search of the
locality, but' could -find no itrace of tha
men. • r ¦'¦¦*¦ ¦'"' ¦ ,'¦
Motorman and . Conductor , of Electric
Car Imagine That Man Fired
lit Them.
POLICE INVESTIGATING
, - MYSTERY OP A SHOT
The | California Northwestern Railway, tot
plctureeque route of .California, will run one
of Us popular excursions to Uklah Sunday,
April 24. . The fare will be only $2 for the
round \ trip. > Leave Tlburon ferry, foot of Mar
ket street, at. 8:30 a. m., and on the return
leave Uklah at 5 p. m. As is well known, the
company looks carefully after the comfort of
ita patrons on these excursions and no tickets
are sold beyond the number, of seats provided
thus Insuring a seat for eterybody. •
Excnrsion to Uklah.
Enerney's objection was again em
phatic, but the Government'attorneys
laughed. * ir "
"Mr. McEnerney doesn't mean to ob
ject," said Heney; "he is only making
a little stage play. But we object to
the introduction of the letter as a self
serving declaration. Wheeler is trying
to get on the record a lot of innocent
professions." The letter was excluded,
as were many other documents of a
similar purport offered later.
Dimond's examination proceededs He
declared that he had had no knowledge
of the methods by which Hyde ac
quired his lieu "bases," the State
school lands which the Government
charges were obtained from Oregon
and California by forgery. He had re
mained in Washington much longer
than he expected, but he neveY learned
that any clerks in the General Land
Office were receiving money from Ben -
Bon or Hyde. All his work there was of
a routine character, bringing him in
contact with the Commissioner and
rarely with any of the clerks. He had
entered appearances in many of the
Hyde selections, but never discovered
that any of them, were based on fraud
ulent titles.. In fact the only questions
raised by the department against these
claims were as to unpaid taxes on
some of the base lands and other
minor defects that .were easily cured.
He had never conveyed to Benson or
Hyde any information received from
a Government employe.
The only matter in which he had
ever represented Benson, the witness
said, was that of the San Francisco
Mountains Forest' Reserve in Arizona,
in which Benson got the agency for
the sale of 28,000 acres of lieu lands
for the Aztec Land and Cattle Com
pany, a New York corporation. ¦ This
transaction Is not Involved' in the in
dictment. It kept the witness in Wash
ington until June, 1902, after the bath
room incident.
At this, point the hour for adjourn
ment suspended Dimond's examina
tion, which will be continued <on Mon
day morning.,
MRS. I CURTIS ONCE MORE.
Earlier In the day -Mrs.-. Belle.; A.
Curtis had been recalled 'by McEnerney
and Questioned briefly but inconclu
sively regarding the Hyde-Benson
pooling • « agreement. Then Samuel
Knight of Dimond's counsel asked her
whether she had ever had in her pos
session, while she was Hyde's stenog
rapher, any instrument relating-to lieu
land selections, which she knew was
forged. .This brought out some^ new
testimony to the following effect*
I never " knew ¦ positively, bnt*I ¦ ha* grave
suspicions that some of the ' names appearing
on documents were not signed by their own-jra.
This was true 'of the- name of "Elizabeth
Dimond." This woman -was_, supposed' to- live
In East Oakland,, but In. two instances • papere
to be signed by her were not out of my hands
more: than, thirty ; minutes or an 'hour at" the
roost when they were; brought back me
from Hyde's private office with*. her name
signed to them. One of these . papers was : a
letter' to the Land Commissioner regarding
the Elizabeth Dlmond . selections then pending
before the I department; I the other was a deed
of relinqulshment. ¦ ;. . •,.. ¦ •
Hyde had a private door . from ' his of flee
Into the hall, but while* it was not impossible
Thomas Davis, on trial' for felonious
assault on the high seas, yesterday
took the stand in the United States
Circuit Court in his own behalf. Al
though admitting, the offense charged
by Mrs. Emma Ames, he denied that
the same was committed with criminal
intent or result. Jlr. and Mrs. Carl
Guy Latten gave damaging testimony
against the accused. The trial will be
resumed. next Monday at 10 a. m.
Davis Denies Guilt.
The News Letter is more than usually In
teresting. "Llvernash Is Rebuked." is tn«s
title of one of the characteristic articles. The
portent of the strikes' Is taken Up In an ar
ticle which makes good reading for the stu
dent of theVtens of the times. It foreshad
ows the gleam of bayonets and the establish
ment of martial law In San Francisco. The
theatrical criticisms are thoughtful and true.
The '"Pilfering ¦ Sorority Girls" > will scarcely
relish the expose in the News Letter, but the
general public will find the Information' given
very Interesting, reading. ;, At this time of po
litical excitement the political situation, as
described by Junlus. • will find ! all prospective
candidates craning their necks. - ' •
Contains as a front piece a very pretty picture
of Anna Held. Surely she has never been,
more appropriately surrounded. ¦ ¦ '¦
The News Letter of This Week
Brigadier General Francis Moore, U. S. A..
wife and daughter; Colonel Earl T>. Thomas.
Eleventh Cavalry; Major Frank Green, signal
corps, wife and niece (Miss Monde); Captains
B. T. Clayton. E. C. Brooks. \ Letcher
Hardeman. S. H. Ellott, wife uid tbree
children; Alex W. Perry, S. G. Jones
and wife; Frank TomDklns, wife and
child; Georre Vldzner. wife and two chll
flren. Powell. Clayton Jr.. H. A. White. Mis*
E. White. Castaln A. C. Dalton. Captain W.
H. McComach. wife ' and child; Lieutenants
Guy Cushman. W. L. Luhn, ' Thomas F.- Ryan,
wife and. child: J. E. Gaujot. Edward Davis,
V. La S. Rockwell, A. S. Odell, J. E Shelley.
E. R. TomDklns, Eben Swift Jr., A. ! Owen
Seaman, Woodson Hocker. R. W. Harden
bergh and wife, W. H. Westmorland and wife.
W. D. Smith and wife. George Grunert, John
Symington and wife, George H. Baird. Raw
son Warren. John Cocke. R. M. Parker. E. R.
Harris. W. I. Stevenson, B. P. Laursoo. C. F.
Cox. John A. Pearson. William -A. Mitchell.
W. E. Roberts, John N*. Jordan, CaDtain J. J.
Bradley, wife and three children; Dr. E. A.
Anderson . and wife, Mrs. J. L. Chamberlain
and child. Mis* Spraffiie. Mr». R. C. Williams.
Mrs. C. R. Sweezey, Miss Murphy, Miss Lao
gen. Mr*. L- A. Curtis, Mrs. A. N. Walton
and three children. Miss Bessie Ryan. Alex
ander McDonald. John H. Gould. Captain H.
L. Roosevelt and wife. Miss Bessie M1IU. Miss
Sylvia Call. Miss Ida E. Vanderhoef, R.-.-G.
North Harry J. Tutt, William Krider, W. I*.
Atwater. Captain George Seaver. Percy
Thompson, E. G. Babbitt, wife and eiater; C.
J. de Roo. wife and child; Harry Allen, Miss
Mary Lewis. Bernard Co gran, wife and child :
Mrs. J. P. Dickinson, Mrs. M. S. Donnelly.
Mrs. W. D. Hammond, Mrs. R, J. Hughes, Mrs.
C M.. Graham. Mrs, pharles Rice and child.
R. E. Walter. Mrs. T. A. Suares. Miss- Jennie
Campbell, Charles Blelsener, Mrs.. Charles
Bleisraer. and two children, William Martin.
Mrs. William Martin and child. Julia Hojkir.s.
Hulda Lundwold, Mrs.' A. S.'Klnzer and child.
Peter 'Eltelberg. William J. Tobin. Wesley
Biuphan. Clarence L. Jones, Charles Maecub
bln. Mrs." Charles Maccubbin and child. Rena
Wilson. William Murray, Frank Knoll. Jacob
Chrlstlanson, J. W. Hanley, Mrs. Caffrey, Max
Krnger.;R.; W. Hinds.
The Sheridan's passengers Included
the following named:
which Captain and Mrs. Roosevelt
were later taken ashore. ._ . \
jj There were four deaths during ths
Sheridan's trip across the Pacific,
Acting Hospital Steward E. Haddox
Jr. \ died April 4 of tuberculosis;
Charles L. Rice, a clerk in the medi
cal department, died April 14, from an
abscess of the- brain; Private Edward
Dougherty, of Company D, Twenty
third Infantry, died March 18, of heart
disease, and Private Albert SI. Proctor,
of Company K, Seventh Infantry, died
April 1, of dysentery.^ -*<i
SHERIDAN'S PASSENGERS.
William J. Burns, the secret service
man, was then recalled by the defense
in another effort to get information
as to the-damaging evidence which the
Government claims to have in the
shape of forged instruments, but the
Commissioner sustained Heney's ob
jections and the famous detective left
the stand with his reputation for
knowing: much and telling little still
intact.
that the woman may have entered • and de
pcrted in that.^ay ; lt Is. most unlikely. All
visitors came through the main office and
we never saw or knew any euch person ' aa
"Elizabeth IMmond." -The clerk* In the office
were talking about- the use of dummies In
the land ' transaction* and she was supposed
to be one of these dummies. No, of course I
cannot swear ponUIvely that she may not have
been in San Francisco on the days these
papers were slrned.
Trunks, valises and all leather goods
lettered In gold free of charge. Received
in carload lots and sold at carload prices.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
ONE OF THE DEFENDANTS IN THE L.AND FRAUD CASE WHO YESTERDAY
TOOK THE STAND AT THE HEARING BEFORE COMMISSIONER HEA
COCK AND A STENOGRAPHER WHO TESTIFIED AGAINST F. A. HYDE.
The Garnett murder case came up
late yesterday afternoon in Judge
Lawlor's court. The defendant was
represented. Attorney W. D. Grady,
for Garnett, telephoned to Judge Law
lor asking that the case be put over
until this morning. His request was
granted. A commission will be ap
pointed to take Mrs. Coifs testimony
in Paris, where she is now stopping.
Garnett Case Postponed.
Eastern reports appear to show that
President Roosevelt will be the favorite
for renomination as Presidential candi
date, and will probably be re-elected, as
he is one. of the strongest champions of
home Ufe. He would undoubtedly rec
ommend a gas range from S. F. Gas and
Electric Co.. 415 Post st. •
PENPACOLA, Fla.. April 15. — The
court, of inquiry to examine into the
cause of the explosion on the battle
ship Missouri on "Wednesday, in which
thirty-two officers and men lost their
lives, reconvened on the battleship to
day after an adjournment yesterday to
attend the funeral services. Admiral
Coghlan of the Caribbean squadron is
president of the court, and the mem
bers of the court have been selected,
as far as possible, from vessels of other
squadrons. It is not expected, how
ever. : by those who are familiar with
the circumstances, that the court will
recommend any proceedings in the
case, inasmuch as those who are pre
sumed- to be at fault were the turret
olHcers. and they were killed by the
explosion. The bodies of the victims
are being 3ent away as fast as their
relatives make the requests. It is ex
pected that some of the sixteen bodies
interred yesterday will be .disinterred.
There are no developments to-day ex
cept bringing to light the disappear
ance of A. W. Boughard, a seaman
who was In the turret. Two seamen
who were on the afterdeck say they
saw a man's body blown through the
hole. in the top of the turret and into
the gulf. In the excitement of the mo
ment they made no effort to 'recover
the., body, but rushed to fire quarters
when they were sounded. The real
cause of the explosion probably never
will be known.
Officers at Fault Are All
Dead and Blame for Acci
dent May Xever Be Fixed
Captain'. H. L. Roosevelt, of the
United States Marine Corps, who has
been on duty with the Asiatic squad
ron, returned on the Sheridan, accom
panied by his wife. Captain Roosevelt,
who is a cousin of the President, mar
ried the daughter of Judge Morrow of
the United States Circuit Court short
ly before he left for the Orient. Judge
Morrow, Bert Morrow, and a. party. of
friends were taken to the Sheridan on
the revenue cutter Golden Gate, on
The constabulary officers who ar
rived on: the Sheridan are: Captain
If a Keithley, in command; Captains
L. E. Ross and R. "W. Jones, Lieuten
ants L. R. Sweet, . N." S. . Gilpln, TV. H.
Loving, Felix Llorente, C. M. Pendle
ton, C. H. Mcllvaine, M. Colmenares,
A.. A. Cameron and John S. Manning.
The Sheridan, in spite of the fact that
between her last three trips she has
made very brief stays -In port, came
into the harbor yesterday, shining like
a yacht. Credit for her smart appear
ance is given to Chief Officer Randall,
in whose nautical religion . holystone,
brass polish, elbow grease and paint
hold the high places.
In addition to the constabulary the
Sheridan brought 391 members of the
Kleventh Cavalry, 560 casuals, 55 pris
oners, 40 sick and 168 other passengers.
The ranking, officer on- board was Brig
adier General Francis Moore, who was
accompanied by his wife and daughter
and has come home for duty In the
United States. General Moore spent
several weeks in Japan before boarding
the Sheridan, but learned little of the
situation. He came away, however,
with a great respect for the Japanese
ability to limit knowledge of Japanese
affairs to the people of Japan.
IS PRESIDENT'S COUSIN.
-' Among the native policemen' who ar
rived here yesterday are men from
every province of the arcnipelago and
in their ranks ten tribes are repre
sented. Small, but smart looking and
soldierly, each little constable looks a
duplicate of the others. Tagalogs, VI
sayans, Ilocanos, Moros, Bisols, Caga
yans, Macabebes, Gadons and Ibanags,
in the neat uniform of the constabu
lary service, all Jook alike and, accord-
Ing to their, officers, are all imbued
with the same spirit of loyalty to the
flag and devotion to duty.
FAMOUS CONSTABULARY BAND.
The famous Constabulary band ac
companies this 'sample of the Insular
Government's protective arm. Lieuten
ant W. H. Loving, the chief bandmas
ter and the man responsible for his
musicians' wonderful execution, is a
crinkle-haired negro Just brimming
over with martial melody. He is a
graduate of the Boston Conservatory
of Music and in the Far East has won
notable fame as a conductor. In the
band are eighty-three pieces, and, in
the words of Captain Peabody, the
Sheridan's commander, "it's the rlp
roaringest orchestra that ever blew sea
ajr through brass."
It was only at Honolulu and Naga
saki, however, that those who had not
made the band's acquaintance in Ma
nila learned anything of its quality.
Although good musicians, the bands
men were bad sailors. Seasickness
played no favorites with the natives.
They air succumbed and nearly all the
time the transport was at sea 280 dusky
constables suffered the dismal tortures
of marine biliousness and in groaning
heaps lay about the trooner's decks
like a bunch of sick monkeys. The Fil
ipinos came up from the transport in
bunches of twenty, and thirty last. night
and .were landed '."by cars at the
corner of Third . and Market streets.
They gazed around in great amaze
ment at the whirl and buzz of the city,
and were especially interested in the
electric light display. They looked at
the towering Call building with ad
miration and delight.
CONSTABULARY OFFICERS.
; Among the . passengers who arrived
here yesterday on the army transport
Sheridan, Captain Peabody. were 280
members of the Philippine constabulary
and ten officers, who will to-day depart
for the St. Louis Exposition. This is the
second batch of America's trans-Pa
ciflc wards that has. reached this con
tinent and , before the St. Louis Ex
position closes the people of the*. United
States will have first-hand opportunity
of learning a good deal about the peo
ple that inhabit Uncle Sam's Far East
ern possessions. . ¦" " ¦•">-.
Constabulary 3Iusicians Ex
pected to Create Big Sen
sation at St. Louis Fair
NATIVES' POOE SAILOKS
LITTLE PKOGItESS MADE
Army Transport Sheridan
I Beaches Port Atith Many
Passengers From Manila
Board of Inquiry Is Making
an Investigation Concern
ing Disaster on 31issouri-
BRINGS FAMOUS
FILIPINO BAND
PROBING CAUSE
OF EXPLOSION
MANILA. April 15. — Captain David
P. Wheeler and Corporal Percy Hey
velt of' the Twenty-second Infantry,
while reconnoitering the Moro works
along the Taraca River in the Lake
Lanao district. of the island of Min
danao April 11, were, stabbed In. the
abdomen. Captain Wheeler died at
M ar* ha ui April 13. Corporal Heyvelt
is fatally, wounded . ...•*.:*• v •...>.
Rcebnnoitering Expedition of Ameri
cans Has Traffic Ending in . : .
Mindanao.
CAPTAIN AND CORPORAL
SH5£" STABBED BY FILIPINOS
4
FREE— FREE'
TO WANT* ADVERTISERS
IX NEXT SUNDAY'S . CALL.'
THE GLOW NIGHT -IiAMP.
A SCIENTIFIC WONDER. '
" Invaluable ' for r Bedrooms, Sick
Chambers, Hall,
Bathrooms,- STAIRCASES, etc.
BE SURE TO GET OXE WITH
A ¦ WANT-AD IN
NEXT SUNDAY'S : CALIa -
Premium cannot be obtained !n
" any f - other" way. '
SCOTT'S EMULSION. T.^;
" ¦ i -
¦ lSs /jfe»* £faV H? Q
the babies and children on
# Scott's
Emulsion
You will see an improve-
ment in their little thin
bodies at once. They can
take it when they even
refuse their mothers' milk.
It is essentially a babies'
¦» ¦ . ¦ -
food, surprising in its re-
sults. .Always the same
AUTOMATIC^ I
nLNiluLlinlUn I
¦ " T- T ¥ r? ¦ ¥3 y? t~* * w^ f\ T^' ' K
¦ ' FARED^v' -*- ¦* » r~ ,.¦¦¦'•,: ¦¦
- d£M makes In the market at a nomi--B
... ... . . ' - . nal.pricfr— hard wood, golden'oak 9
finish, with porcelain-lined water cooler. Prbvlslori "chamber " 19 *S ~in 1
wide, 16% in. deep by 31% in.^ high.. Good' $32.50 value. ' -i \ S 1
. SPECIAL... $22. 50 .Smaller Size without Cooler. . .$17.50 I
Miss the SPECIAL SALE OF CUSPIDORS. ;: i
NathaivDohrmarf]
1 12^2,^3^ SUTTER J S1V |Mrs. Fiske will conclude her en
gagement at the Grand Opera-house
to-night, when an attractive pro
gramme, containing selections from
the chief successes in her repertoire,
will be Introduced. She will present
the second act of "Hedda Gabler,"
the second act of "Divorcons," the
first act of "A Doll's House" and the
thrilling fourth act of "Tess of- the
d'Urbervilles," in which as '.Tess she
created such a Sensation during her
last visit to this city. At to-day's
matinee Mrs. Fiske will appear in "A 1
Doll's House" and "A Bit of Old
Chelsea."
To Conclude Engagement.
FATS WAGNEIl WAS SPITEFUL.— Theo
dore. Wed«Il yesterday sued David Wagner for
flO.300 damages for malicious prosecution. He
»ays his arrest last November on a •warrant
rworn out by Wagner, In whtcb h« was
charged with conspiracy, was the result of
rpite. The charge was dismissed by Police
Judge Fritz.
Howls During the Night.
William A. Small imagines some
one is trying to kill him and hia howls
during the night keep the inmates of
the City Prison awake. He says he is
becoming crazy and his talk is irra
tional. He is awaiting his preliminary
hearing on three felony charges and
will appear in Police Judge Fritz's
court this morning, when he may be
sent to the Insanity Commissioners.
Miss Josie SInkle, 912 McAllister
street, one of the, complaining wit
nesses against- him, secured a search
warrant from Judge Fritz yesterday to
obtain , possession oi a trunk and its
contents, which she alleges ; are de
tained by Mrs. Small at 117»-2 Oak
street. • t - ' ¦ ¦ • ¦
ficer made a'da^i for the suspects and
succeeded in nabbing Steve Burke, un
derneath whose coat l.e found the gag
ged and manacled bird. The other man
ran away, but was recognized as Steve
Roach, and his capture i~ only a mat
ter of brief time.
The case was continued until the two
Steves can- be jointly arraigned. - The
goose is again with the Foley family,
and^will be produced In court If its
presence there should be deemed essen
tial to the conviction and punishment
of its abductors.
"Be it ever so humble, there is no
place. like home," and the home can be
furnished with pretty and artistically
framed pictures at a.-very moderate price
by calling on Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market st. • . •
These are pleasant days for short trip to
Sausalito. Mill Valley (the miniature Switzer
land). Ross Valley and San Rafael, the most
charming suburban districts around the bay.
Sausallto Ferry, ' foot of Market street, con
necting'with , third-rail electric system, departs
daily at 7:00. 8:00, 0:00. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.,
12:20, 1:45. 3:15, 4:15. 6:15jJS:18, 7:00, R:45.
1O:1'O and/ll:4r> p. m. Meals on boaU Fare.
25c to 50c round trip. Mount Tamalpais. grand
scenic view, overland and water, $1 00. Call
at ticket office. 020 Market street, for copy of
"Short Scenic Trips." •
A Pleasant Day Trip.
There was singing by the pupils of
the seventh and eighth grades, led by
Miss Bertha Roberts. Mme. Emilia
Tojetti of the California Club sang
charmingly, accompanied by Miss
Grace Williams.
Addresses were delivered by Mrs.
George Law Smith, president of the
California Club; Alfred Roncovieri,
president of the Board of Education;
A. B. McCurda, Deputy Superintendent
of Schools, and Mrs. J. W. Orr, chair
man of the educational department of
the California Club. Tea was served
by Miss Rose deToe. .
Exercises were held yesterday in
the Franklin Grammar School in con
nection with the inspection of the as
sembly hall, which the California Club
has decorated. Principal R. D. Faulk
ner welcomed the guests and a pro
gramme of speeches and music was
rendered.
Pupils and Teachers Celebrate the
Decoration of the Assembly Hall
by the California Club.
HOLD EXERCISES AT
/ ' THE FRANKLIN SCHOOL
The Robinson estate Is the cause of
the trouble that led to the filing by
Attorney George D. Collins of charges
against Judge Kerrigan of the Supe
rior Court and the commencement of
disbarment procedings against Col
lins by the Hibernia Bank. C. W. Pur
rington, former administrator of the
estate, was removed by Judge Coffey
on complaint of the bank for "grave
neglect" of his duties.
Judge Coffey decided yesterday that
corporations, except those acting un
der the statute providing for trust
companies, cannot act as administra
tors of estates, and refused to grant
the petition of the Hibernia Bank for
letters of administration upon the es
tate of Caroline Robinson. He de
cided that such corporations cannot
nominate an administrator, and re
fused to grant the bank's request to
appoint Public Administrator M. J.
Hynes. Both petitions were filed to
forestall the efforts of Charles Robin
son to secure the appointment of ad
ministrator. The bank will now op
pose Robinson's apolntment on the
ground that he is unworthy.
Holds That Corporations Other Than
Trust Companies Cannot Admin
ister on Estates.
COURT DENIES PETITIONS
OF THE IIIBERNIA BANK
The new Observatory is at Fulton and
Stanyan. entrance to Park. Take McAJlis
ter-Ft. cars, get off at Stanyan, and see
the Panorama. •
." Property-owners on , Beacon street
petitioned the Supervisors yesterday
to cause" the removal of fences lately
bujlt across and now obstructing Bea T
con street, at Castro and Diamond.
The petition states that the fences cut
pffraccess to Diamond street and jpfe;
vent residents on Beacon and other
streets from obtaining water from the
Spring Valley Company's main on Dia
mond street.
Want Fences Removed.
DEWEY BOULEVARD IS V
EXPUNGED FROM MAP
The ordinance regulating the right
of way of vehicles was ordered to be
re-enacted to comply with the charter.
No one appeared to protest against the
ordinance.
The claim of Mrs. Henney for the
death of her daughter was* denied for
want of jurisdiction.
The committee granted the petition
of Maude Treadwell McNutt as suc
cessor in. interest to James P. Tread
well for a city deed to certain outside
lands. Litigation over the land "has
been in process for many years, but
the Supreme' Court finally decided In
Mrs. McNiitt's favor. Maxwell' McNutt
Informed the .committee that all the
papers In the case | had '. mysteriously
disappeared, although the Judgment
was on record. ¦
The committee again heard the'pe
titlon of Bush- Bros, that the city con
sent to a. dismissal of the suit whereby
they, were ordered to remove a stair
caae ; projecting eighteen inches on the
sidewalk in front: of- the premises at
Eddy and Franklin, streets. The com
mittee decided to hold an executive
session on April 29, when- action Iwill
be taken on the petition.
The Supervisors' Judiciary Commit
tee yesterday granted the petition' of
the executors of \ the Sutro • estate that
Dewey boulevard be excluded froni the
official map. The land for the boule
vard was donated on condition thatit
be improved, but the city failed : to
carry out the agreement. The land
will now be assessed to the Sutro
estate.
Judiclnry Committee Recommends Re
enactment of Ordinance Regulat
ing Right of Way of Vehicles. ; ;
District Attorney Byington said the
Judge could recall witnesses for further
cross-examination and could then ex
cuse them from attendance. If the
Delaware witnesses were compelled to
stay here till the conclusion of the pre
liminary hearing it would be expensive
to the people-
Mrs. Botkin will appear in Judge
Cook's court this morning to be formal
ly sentenced to imprisonment for life
for the murder of Mrs. Dunning. Her
attorneys will make a motion for a new
trial, which may delay the pronouncing
of the sentence.
The preliminary examination of Mrs.
Cordelia Botkin on the charge of mur
dering Mrs. Ida Henrietta Deane by
sending Mrs. Dunning, her sister, a box
of poisoned candy to Dover, Del., in
August, 1E98, was continued before Po
lice Judge Conlan yesterday, but noth
ing sensational developed! The defend
ant was alert yesterday. She had on
the table before her a transcript of
the testimony taken at her recent trial
before a Jury in Judge Cook's court,
and she followed closely the testimony
of the witnesses yesterday and several
times prompted her attorney.
When the case was called Attorney
Reese Clark surprised the District At
torney and the Judge by saying: "I
want subr>enas for the three witnesses
examined yesterday— Miss Lizzie L..
Kemp, Miss Josephine Bateman and
Hany C. Pennlngton. I will require
them for the defense."
"That's your own business," quietly
replied the Judge, who ordered the Dis
trict Attorney to call the next witness.
Three witnesses were examined yes
terday—Miss Leila Deane, daughter of
Mrs. Deane; M4s«- Ethel J. Mllllngton
and Dr. L. H. Bishop. Miss Deaije ate
one of the candles and was sick. Miss
Milllngton had a similar experience
and Dr. Bishop was called in to attend
the members of the Pennington house
hold when the poison began to take
effect. Their testimony was the same
as at the Dunning trial. The case will
proceed on Monday morning.
Attorney Clark, explaining his object
In subpenaing the witnesses, said he
had been placed at a disadvantage^in
cross-examining them owing to the
Jumbled manner in which the tran
script of the testimony at the Dunning
trial was jnade, and he had missed sev
eral important points favorable to the
defendant. He could not recall them
for further cross-examination, and he
had no other recourse but to subpena
them. He declared he was acting in
good faith and meant to subpena every
witness.
Th«> California State Board of Trade
has put Itself In immediate touch with
every newspaper of importance
throughout the entire Middle West of
the United States for the purpose of
frequently Imparting to millions of
readers exact knowledge about Califor
nia. Manager Arthur R. Brigrgs Is sat
isfied that this important step will have
wide-reaching results.
Hundreds of journals of wide circula
tion have already received their first
installment of California facts, certified
to by the California State Board of
Trade. A circular letter has been sent
out by Manager Briggs in which are
contained leading statements from the
annual report of President N. P. Chip
man to the board. The following ex
planatory note has also been forwarded
to the officers of Journals throughout
the Middle West:
PURPOSE IS EXPLAINED.
Tb« California State Board of Trade with this
Jetter laclcmei an official «tat*ment which. In
view of the inquiry throughout the United
Etntee relative to California, by thos* who In
tend to viflt this State, may be of value.
The California fitate Board of Trade Is an
rttnbUched institution. The board hat been in
existence fifteen years. It has intimate
knowledge of the Industries and conditions re
lating to all the varied interests of California,
•t.i ltr annual reports and other publications
are authority. The facts contafhed In the ac
companying article «r* taken from the annual
report for the year 19C3.
The matter is tendered to you gratuitously,
the purpose being to have only accurate in
formation disseminated.
The matter that has been sent East
for the first installment of solid facts
cbout California is as follows:
So much inquiry is current throughout the
t'ntted States concerning- the conditions at
tend'.ng life and varied industries In Cali
fornia that the California State Board of Trade,
an official body representing all sections of
the State, has prepared an abstract of the
annual report of Its president. General JC. F.
Chlpman. tor the year 1903.
The report gives the shipments of fruit
from C&Kornla and the products of mineral*,
etc.. for tlie yar 190G to have been as follows:
There *c« shipped from the State 104.198.7
ton* of given deciduous fruits. :SK!.623 tons of
citrus fruits. 149.531.1 tons- of dried fruits.
;~.«.1K3.4 tons ct raisins. 9."S77.* tons of nuts,
«».O<».e carloads of fruits by rail and by »ea.
8413 * carloads of vegetables by rail and eea.
J>T:«2 carload* of wine and brandy by rail
and sea, fcS.OM.S carloads of fru'.t, vegetables,
wire -and brand}" by rail and pea.
Then; was a net rain in 1903 of 10,546 car
lond.« as compared with the shipments of 1902.
of which T3u5 carloads were citrus fruits.
V«-zetables made a ERln of 1507 carloads, wine
and brandy a sain of *>63 carloads, canned
fruits a £ain of l.'JSti carloads and Kreen de
<-:auous fruit; a gain of 380 carloads. The
raisin output of laoa was greater than that of
eny preceding year.
NORTHERN' ORANGES.
The shipment of oranges from Northern
and Central California wa* 224»> carloads, be
in* an increase of &3S carloads a* compared
with 15*C'. Most of the oranges are grown
in the southern part of the State: practically
hII the fresh deciduous fruit i« shipped from
Northern and Central California. The raisin
center is in Fresno County and vicinity; the
prune- center is in Santa Clara County and
vicinity; of the dried and canned fruits over
*5 per cent to from the northern and central
portions of the State; the walnuts are prin
cipally grown In the south, while the almonds
ar t - mostly from the north: the fresh peaches,
ptars. cherries, plums, apricots, etc., nearly
nil go from north of the Tehachapi Mountains.
The annual production of wine is now about
SO. 000, 000 gallons. The value of the dairy
products in 1903 was $20,43«.152. The beet
*usar output In 1S»O3 was C3.:iC0 tons. Ths
wheat crop of 1902-3 was T.62.7S5 tons. In
cluding flour; the rye crop was 120,852 centals;
the hop production, 10,545,000 pounds; the wool
production. 32,000,000 pounds; honey. 6.500,000
I»unds.
In forty-nine counties minerals are found in
paying quantities and there are more than
forty distin'-t kinds. The total mineral pro
duct for ltK)2 way $35,069,105. The statistics
for 1903 have not been prepared. Of the total
product for 1902 the gold represented ?16.l»10,
320; silver. $<U<S.412; copper. $3.23fl.S»75; qulck
filver, $1,276,542; borax and boracic acid, $2,
234.WH; mineral waters. SC12.477: petroleum.
$4.€92.1S9. The production of petroleum In
1!*«3 Is estimated at 23,000,000 barrels.
The total lumber production In 1903 waa
R52.e3S.707 feet-
The value of the fisheries of the California
const is f 15.000.000 per annum.
In 1303 there were 17* clear flays In Si"
Francisco and 14S in Los Angele*. Mean
temperature* were for 1903: Red Bluff. C1.5
degrees : Sacramento, 59.4 degrees; Fresno,
GJ.2 degrees: Ix>s Angeles, C2.2 degrees; San
rvandsco. S5. 3 'decrees.
January 23. 19^4, the deposits in the banks
of California amounted to $350,904,171 03.
The marriage of Cynthia Reynolds
to Stephen W. Reynolds was annulled
by Judge Kerrigan yesterday on com
plaint of Mrs. Reynolds, she having
shown that wheh she married Reynolds
in Stockton in 1895 she had a husband
living In the person of C. L. Gillett.
She..married Reynolds while under the
impression that Gillett was dead, and
only* recently learned of her mistake.
James Fisher must pay Maria Fisher
J20 a month pending the termination of
her suit for divorce. The order direct-
Ing him to do so Avas made by Judge
Kerrigan.
Suits for divorce were filed by Nellie
McDonald against Albert E. McDonald
for neglect, intemperance and cruelty;
Alice E. Ralney against Clarence E.
Ralney for. desertion, Maximlllian Ro
bles against Agripina Robles for deser
tion, Jennie A. Gayetty against Edward
P. Gayetty for neglect, C. F. Weldon
against Victoria Weldon for desertion
and Bessie Vivian James against M.
Bertram James for desertion. Mrs.
James, who became a wife a year ago,
alleges that her husband for no cause
whatever abandoned her fifteen days
after their marriage.
Judge Murasky has overruled Wil
liam Gillingham's demurrer to Rose
GiUingham's suit for divorce. He must
answer her complaint within ten days.
Mrs. Gillihgham says she is a divine
healer.
Clarence KHng, who is being sued for
divorce by Delia Kling on the ground
of cruelty,, filed an answer yesterday,
Jn which he denies all her charges and
avers that the plaintiff was never mar
ried to. him at Grand Rapids, Mich., in
1900,' or at any other time or. place. He
says they- simply lived together.
Harry Emerson Cbrwin, defendant in
a suit for maintenance broughtl by his
wife, Josephine Corwin, has been or
dered to pay her $20 a month. He must
also pay h<r,*$30 to pay. her attorneys.
George F. Beck was given a little
fatherly advice by. Judge Graham. Beck
was 1 , present to explain .why he should
not be punished for contempt for fail
ing, to. comply with a court order di
recting him to pay alimony. He said he
could not make payments because his
little' daughter was taking music les
sons; at his expense. He said he would
doUhe best he could, however, after
Judge Graham had told him what his
duty was, and also promised to pur
chase a piano for his little girl.
Meetings will beheld on Thursday
evening next for the . purpose* of fur
ther discussing the question and res
olutions expressing the feeling bfftjie
people in the matter will be presented
to the, various congregations for" adop
tion. Fifteen Presbyterian churches
held meetings last night, 3000 people
attending. . . -
PORTLAND, Ore., April 15.—Meet
ings were - held \ in - the Presbyterian
churches, of this city last night for,the
purpose of inaugurating, a campaign
to- purge the j city of the vice which
the workers in the cause' assert is
rampant. ' : '- " . -'
The principal subject under discus
sion/was . the immorality existing
among boys and girls of tender years.
Witnesses, , including - special officers,
told" of degrading .sights • seen on! the
streets and in 1 r/laces '. of . Ill repute'in
volving-the sons and daughters of re
spected parents. . Gambling and other
features of the vice of the < city were
taken up and discussed and- the 'ad
ministration of the cityl -was severely
condemned for. its alleged laxity .In
the enforcement of the laws of 'the
municipality. .¦ , :'.,¦,
Attorney Clark Makes Sur
prising Statement That He
Requires Their Evidence
Judge Graham Makes Order
Directing Her Husband to
Pay Her Monthly Alimony
Meetings 'Are to Be; Held
and the Discussion, of the
Campaign 1 Plans Begins
Information to Millions
•
Board of Trade Inaugurates
System to Insure Accurate
INSTRUCTS MIDDLE WEST
DEMANDS XEWSUBPEXAS
SERIOUS CHARGES 3T ADE
MES. C0RWIN, WINS SUIT
A live goose : is the bone! of
tion between Steve -Burke and Tim
Foley." The last 1 named charges Steve
with having stolen the bird from the
Foley; poultry reserves at Twentieth
street and Railroad avenue. A war
rant is out ,.^f or T Steve. Roach, r who i is
alleged to' have been _ with the other
Steve when •, the . goose ;j\vas ', purloined
at 6:30 o'clock Thursday evening.
Policeman Callahari' told the straight
of . the' story- .to Judge Cabaniss. ;. He
saldi that while ;he ) was patrolling his
lonely." beat Tinv ; Fcrley rushed 'up, and,
pointing to two ; men. breathlessly In;
formed •• him • that \ they had just .¦ taken
without.? his *' permission, a goose that
he~ treasured more highly than " its age
and would; Indicate,: be
cause It • was { a household • pet. ? ; Acting
promptly upon the information,; the of-'
B. J. Brun could not prove that his
$100 St. Bernard dog was stolen by.S.
Barnett, and Judge Fritz dismissed the
larceny charge and informed Mr. Brun
that his only legal mean's of recover
ing possession of the animal is by civil
action.
The dog had been missing for seven
months, when jf Mr. Brun, who is j one
of the proprietors of the Poodle Dog
restaurant,; found a, canine he believes
to be It among the exhibits at the
bench show. in the Mechanics'; Pavilion,
where It had been .entered by>S. Bar.
nettof the College Kennels. .Mr. Bar
nett declared that ; it was a case* of
mistaken- identity on Mr. Brun's part,
but . Mr. Brun declared that "the- dog
recognized him the moment It saw him.
To which Mr. Barnett retorted that
the dog'is of such genial temperament
that It has a tail-wag for any one who
speaks kindly, to It. '.
"Don't you believe all that this. coon
tells v you, Judge," said Kelly to the
court: "I "know him better'n you. do.
He was sassy and showin' . off . before
his friends when s I hit him, but that
yarn about the 25 cents Is all rot."
1 The policeman . that Arrested , Kelly
stated that* a careful "Search of the
prisoner immediately after he was
taken into custody resulted in the dis
covery of two dimes. Then the
Judge took the case under advisement.
John T. Kelly was an able seaman
and Thomas Barton (colored) the cook
aboard the good ship Argyle during one
of her long voyages, and when the crew
was paid off John and Thomas parted
In friendship. Before his Honor Judge
Mogan yesterday, however, John was
accused by Thomas of petty larceny.
The colored, man stated that night be
fore last he met some of his former
shipmates, who had Just returned from
Central America, and, while acting as
their cicerone at Third and Minna
streets he -was boisterously hailed by
Kelly, w r ho demanded that he be sup
plied with 25 cents. The complainant
declined to furnish the money, and
Kelly .then struck him "on the Jaw and
forcibly took from him the sum men
tioned.
Miss Elise McEwen of 1935 Jackson
street, whose automobile knocked down
and injured a child on Market street,
assured Judge Cabaniss that she is
willing to do anything that might pro
mote the comfort of the little one, and
that the accident conveyed to her much
distress of mind. The case will be heard
next Wednesday. ¦¦ ¦. ¦, - . J
Bill-posting on tlegraph poles was the
charge against Yung Him, and the
prosecution proved his guilt. The bills
consisted of yellow sheets covered with
black hieroglyphics, and the Chinese
lnterpreter,,stated that they notified
debtors In the Celestial quarter that
now is the time to settle up, as the an
nual exodus to .the. Alaska canneries
will soon be on and the merchants need
all the money they can. get: to lay In
outfitting supplies. Judge Mogan fined
Tung Him $5.
Patrolman J. P. Maloney .made his
second sprrtig collection of vagrants on
the water front night before last and
the result was ten lusty hoboos before
Judge Fritz yesterday morning. .. They
were given twenty-four hours' apiece
alid advised to hie them to the country
when they are again at liberty to
tramp.
; J. B. Schooner was manipulating the
grip of a' McAllister-street car when
liis progress to the .ferry was <ob
structed at the intersection of Sutter
and Market streets by a two-horse
team managed by Arthur* Kernan.
After the exchange of ocmpliments
that is usual in such cases, the grip
man abandoned his post and met the
teamster on the pavement, where they
engaged in fisticuffs when a policeman
arrested them.' As it was proved by
the testimony of passengers on the car
that Schooner was the aggressor from
start to finish, his case was continued
till to-day, while Kernan was dis
charged from custody.
• •.-•- •
An 13-year-old, offe'nder, ' named
Jacob Philer, was sentenced" to sixty
days' imprisonment by Judge .Fritz,
and Ifwas the defendant's mother, that
pressed the charge of vagrancy. 'He
had stolen about $100 from ;her, but
she declined to prosecute him for
felony and at her request he .was
booked as a vagrant and 1 , punished as
stated.' ' ' V ' .
Dime novel' reading was at the bot
tom " of* 17-year*old George Druskln's
act in. equipping .himself with a re
volver, a "blackjack" -and a false
mustache, and dogging the footsteps
of E. Nelson of. 41S 1 / 2 Fulton street
until his suspicious behavior attracted
the attention "of Patrolman T. J.
Ward, who arrested him.- The boy
told Judge Mogan yesterday that he
had an insatiable appetite for yellow
literature; and ' his father," a business
man of San Jose, vouched "for his in
herent honesty. There .was no gain-
Baying the,, charge of /carrying con
cealed weapons, however, . and for it
he will be sentenced to-day. ¦ \ -
when, Parker . "biffed* him " from be
hind. ••,*...'. , '. ¦[¦'¦: \ - <:j.
•"Butting-in is at the bottom of most
of the troubles that are ventilated in
this "court," said the Judge, "and I
wish :It Vere' a- punishable... offense.
But the iise. of brass knuckles is, for
tunately, prohibited by law, and next
Wednesday I'll inquire more^fully into
this case against Mr. Parker." % - ;
"Another butter-in,' remarked Judge
Cabaniss - reflectively as Thomas
Thompson recounted . how he was en
gaged in- argument with a * colored
lady in a Barbary Coast saloon, when
Edward Parker interfered and smote
him on the head with brass knuckles,
inflicting four, deep incisions. Mr.
Thompson said; he was mildly reprov
ing the dusky, siren for, having plainly
hinted that he was of canine ancestry, 1
"Edward Selzer. M. D.,".he was reg
istered on . the 'Jocket, and he looked
the part as he stood before Judge Mo
gan and heard himself accused of vag
rancy by a policeman who found him
intoxicated and helpless at Clay and
Kearny streets. His Vandyke beard
was a black-gray effect,* and his coat
was the conventional somber frock of
the medicine man.
"What's your defense, doctor?" in
quired the Judge.
"Ten days ago," began the defend
ant, in the slow, measured tone that
suggests pulse-counting, "I was struck
upon the head by an unseen robber at
Fourth and Brannan streets;- and since
then I have been subject to lntermit
ten attacks of torpor."
"I think about ten days in a quiet
cell, with no liqucr obtainable, would
restore you to old-time. immunity from
brain inertia," quoth the Judge; "the
clerk will write out the prescription."
"I hope you don't insinuate that I
was drunk?" said the defendant, inter
rogatively. .i.-V .
VTo the tanks, .doc, to the tanks,"
was the judicial rejoinder.
Ellen Kelly, an aged vagrant, defi
antly informed Judge Fritz that she
would not go to the almshouse, as
she had money enough to purchase for
herself all the comforts of a sanitar
ium, but she preferred keeping the
cash to spending it for luxuries.
"How would three months In the
County Jail suit your Idea of . econ
omy?" was the court's considerate
query.
"Oh, I guess I could get along there
all right," was Mary's answer.
She is there. .
mented the court, admiringly.
"Well," said Mr. Cameron, "I didn't
go to South Africa for fun."
Two policemen testified that one
evening not long ago they were called
upon by neighbors of Mr. Cameron,
who resides way out Point Lobos ave
nue, with a reeuest that he be re
strained from shattering the peace of
the neighborhood. When they ap
proached the dwelling of the offender,
which is on the side of a steep hill,
he ascertained they had no warrant,
and then bade them begone and fired
three shots. They retired, to devise
legal ways and means of storming the
domiciliary fortress, but when they at
last scaled the heights the defender of
the garrison had fled. He came down
town the next morning and surren
dered himself into custody, and in court
yesterday he denied haying aimed at
the invaders and proved that when the
shots were fired they were at least
seventy-five yards from his house. So
that charge was dismissed.
Then an inn-ke*Der named M. Mars
ton took the stand *rd complained that
on a separate occasion the same de
fendant had presented a pistol at his
body and threatened to shoot him be
cause he (the* witness) had expostu
lated against the rough manner In
which the defendant rode a horse at
him. To this charge Mr. Cameron
pleaded that he had simply "blufCed"
Mr. Marston by pulling frtnn his pock
et a monkey-wrench in a menacing
way, because he thought Mr. Marston
intended to assault him.-
Mr. Marston smiled Ironically at this
defense, and said to the defendant,
"Cameron, you are a good man with a
durned bad temper, and you know you
are."
"And you," retorted Mr. Cameron,
"would be a better man if you didn't
drink so much of your stock-in-trade."
Mr. Marston's quickly framed retort
was never uttered, for the Judge ab
ruptly dismissed that case, also.
W. J. Cameron, of shrewd eye and
military mien, recounted some of his
exploits as a volunteer in the Boer
army during the late unpleasantness
In the Transvaal, and Judge Cabaniss
listened attentively to the recital, which
was incidental to Mr. Cameron's de
fense on charges of carrying concealed
weapons and threatening to slay. .
"In three months I killed many hun
dred bloody Saxons," he stated with
due modesty. *S
"And that was going some," com-
"I dinna ken," replied Defendant
Burns, who looked as sheepish as the
carcasses he had purloined.
"Aweel, aweel," sighed the court, "I
hardly ken what tae dae wuth ye. an'
Meesther Stairk till I find oot some
thin* mair aboot the pair o' ye, sae
I'll e'en contlnny the case till the mor
row's morn."
"I can appreciate the hereditary! in
stinct that prompted ,yo,u, Robert
Burns, to 'lift* the mutton," said his
Honor, who Is 'a voracious ' reader of
Crockett and Stevenson, "for in- your
veins courses the blood that in- the
lang syne ran red in the clans of
Burns, famed for Its raids upon the
fleeced flocks that ranged the border
hills. The illustrious poet whose name
you bear has sung of those brave ex
ploits. May I ask if you are a direct
descendant of that Immortal bard?"
Sheep stealing Is such an innovation
In San Francisco's criminal happen
ings that Judge Mogan glared Incred
ulously at Clerk Gray when that func
tionary announced it as the charge
against Robert Burns and Frank Stack.
But the prosecuting testimony proved
conclusively that at an early hour yes
terday morning the defendants, who
are men of the sea, did feloniously
carry away two defunct bleaters from
the meat market" of Mr. Shenson,' 955%
Folsom street, and .deposit the: same
in an adjacent hallway,' whence they
were emerging when caugnt by a vig
ilant patrolman. • In defense • the ¦ two
mariners pleaded that they were In
toxicated and did not know what they
had done while in that condition until
they recovered their senses and found
themselves In prison. The policeman
also said they were drunk when he
took them in. • -, .
Witnesses Testify at the
Preliminary Examination
of 3Irs. Cordelia Botkin
Alleges That Woman Who Js
Suing Him for Divorce for
Cruelty Is Not His Wife
Lively/ 'Crusade "Is Begun
by the Presbyterian Clergy
men in Oregon Metropolis
A.B.Briggs Evolves
Xew Scheme for Dissenii
uatiiiir Facts About State
Hereditary Instinct Ascribed as Partly Responsible .for
the Felonious Act of Robert j Burns, Whose : Ancestors
Probably Lifted Mutton From the" Hills of the Border
JUDGE MOGAN FINDS EXCUSE
FOR A LARCENIST OF SHEEP
MINISTERS WAR
ON CITY EVILS
REPEAT STORY
OF POISONING
MATURES PLAN
OF WIDE SCOPE
KLING DENIES
HIS MARRIAGE
THE : SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SA^rURDAY; APRIL :l«;1904:
5
DB,. PIEBCE'S B.EMEDEE3.
wB*>$33j& w^» I itv.3
¦ ;:;.. ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURES
H NATURAL H
Eg REMEDY IB
irf'Il st?»tc» Aa-r^i. *£ci
RJhI CtKcmttiiim. C4t«riW fS
KjEUg KU—j. Uvet m» B:*»# Hjj
m price. $:.oo m
Cured jEjCVlIb Indisrestion. .
Mr. H. R.- McCready. a well-known
theatrical /broker, of No. 1402 Broadway,
Xew York, says: "I suffered terribly
from acute Indigestion. Tried many rem-
edies without benefit, but now I have
been cured by Munyon's Paw-Paw, and
I am glad to recommend this wonderful
remedy for all stomach and nervous
troubles."
¦Well-Known Chemist Cured.
Mr. Henry F. La Chapelle, a prominent
chemist; of No. 311 West 20th Street..
New York, says: "I have tried Mun-
yon's Paw-Paw with most beneficial re-
sults for Dysentery, which I contracted
In the Philippines. My improvement be-
gan with the first dose. Now that I am
cured you are at liberty to use my name
in any way that you desire -to commend,
this remedy, for it certainly benefited,
me."
Munyon's Paw-Paw has proved Itself
to be a mighty force in the crusade for
health.
If you have u'yspepsia, try It. ,.
. If you are nervous, try It.
If you are despondent, try it.
If you are weak and run down, try It.
Cast away all tonics, all medicines and
all stimulants and let Munyon's Paw-
Paw make you" well. . It will lift you
into the high altitudes of hope and hold
you there. It will give exhilaration
without intoxication.
Mnnyon's Paw-Paw. X.arsre bottles)
SI .00. At all drnrista. Paw-Paw Laxa-
tive Pills, 25c a bottle.
1 rdcB&KonrOBcl
JFo y • ' " a i Ne w . . Onej
-^^SBBBSS^^
| I'll allow you a liberal discount, as '
! I'm collecting old Razors. I ' have i
i excellent Razors as low as $1.00..
i •
1 WANT A. POCKET KXIFE? My
| special Knife costs only $1.00. You'll
1 . like It. Two or three blades. i
Razor Strops from 20c up. ,
Two bars Williams' 10c Shaving
Soap, 15c. . *:Y . '
Mall Orders Promptly Filled. «
Corrert Styles and Sizes — Also Bust- '
ness and Professional Cards. ( -»¦
THAT MAM PITTS
, F. W. PITTS, The Stationer.
; 1008 Market St vP^Ji :
i -San Francisco.' " "
i ¦•',¦'
'.; tCMBUOi/ AITO CKdAUT KSCH11M1
£& 4omi \B a H av Mr Mre^
A CUKE Jy "*» HOURS.
»S\Sk»fflB MARVEL Whirling Spray .
SS^JK^eSC^Slw turn and S»rtion. Be«i-s**f-
XSNVyN^rrTtTSSyw - **t— Aio«t Convenient.
*«k jtmr i'ror«l»t fcr It. ' . O*.' •• fXL ' \\<^^T^^^ m
If h^r.innot supply t!ie V^ f^KSf'^'^^r''>s
other. Uii send sump for W *v>. • #^*%V/
iUastrated book— •*»!»*. It (tires- v>. / .1r& ;¦'•¦'.
f all particnl»m »nd rttrem«n» In- Cl';// ' Jp
' TStaable to Lirt:r» M A KVKL CO..n>/-V-.
; 41 Park Row, Xew 1 ork. - <^ui^S^
152 New Montgomery. San Franciscoi «_-«. '.
William ; Hatterotlt <Ladles* Dept.), 224 Sutter.
Union Drug Co.",2H Kearny & Van >^ss & Mkt.
OesooO .Brothers.. .7th and Broadway. Oaklanc
Ha I It. in Pharmacy .... .V .'..' • "'> K»l»
. . . *
16 Pages. $1 per Year
: ' ADVERTISEMENTS. . :
KfSF hu EST« 1 847* l kh
j I?©B£©US "BPiASITEIt© 1
W& Are a universal remedy for Pains in the Back (so frequent j||
III in the case of women). They give instantaneous relief. ||1
HI Wherever there is a pain apply a Plaster. I||
Pi DIRECTIONS FOR USE ||
BjI For pains in the. region of For Rheumatism or Pains For Sore Throat, Courhi, gi
gg, the kidneys, or for a Weak In Shoulders, Elbows or Bronchitis, for W«*k fto
5gJ Back, the piaster should be elsewhere, or for Sprain*. Lungs and for painful »nd Ha
|f«i applied as shown above. Stiff ness, etc.. and for sensitive parts nf the abdo- KM
jfe-a Wherever there is pain Acbln? Feet, cut plaster men, apply at indicated. PS
En apply AUcock's Plaster, f ' size and shape required and HPI
II Rheumatism, Colds, Coughs ||
H :, : y' : ' :: Weak Chest, Weak Back i|
H Lumbago, Sciatica, &c.,&c., ii
I?g REMEMBER— A llcock's Plasters are tho original and genuine porous, OB
S£Q plaster and hare neror been equalled as pain-curers. Furthermore, they are affl
yggj absolutely safe as they do not contain belladonna, opium or anj poiaon EMA Sicilian tribunal "ftntenced a noted
forger to, imprisonments for 189 \ years:
OAKLAND. April; .• 16:— Thorwald
Brown, deputy marshal of Emeryville,'
was , appointed _ a* regular ..policeman
to-day by, ; the ' Board • of ... Police and
Fire Commissioners* t<v fill -the vacancy
caused by the enforced resignation' of
A; j:* Hall.
New Policeman .Appointed.
BERKELEY, "April 1 5.— Valentine
Stubenrauch,; father of> Professor
Arnold ,V. Stuberirau,ch,of the Univer
sity^ of California and a .former Town
Trustee, died at his home In San'Fran
cisco,. 1630 Howard street,^yesterday
after a lingering. Illness. ...Mr..Stuben
rauch was a native of : Bavaria, Ger
many, where he was born in 1847." He
came to California in 1888 and was for
years a member of ' the drug ; firm . of
Redington • & * Co., San Francisco. He
leaves two ; . other children, Charles
Stubenrauch and Mrs., Robert Beagles,
of San Francisco.
Former-Trustee Passes, Away.
Pay Fraternal " Tribute.
OAKLAND." April 15. — Members of
the Electrical Workers' Union, Odd
Fellows and American* Order,of For
esters took part in the funeral to-day
of Leo Kohler, the telephone ..com
pany's lineman, who was . electrocuted
Wednesday morning. Services were
held at James Taylor's parlors. The
body 'was cremated.
Claims Check Was Worthless.
OAKLAND, April' 15. — John Hart,
28 years old. was arrested; to-night on
complaint of J. H- Lange, a saloon
keeper, who says he was induced to
identify Hart at the Oakland Bank of
Savings and thus enable the prisoner
to cash a worthless check for $100.
Lange was compelled to make good
the money.
Gardener Missing.
OAKLAND, April 15.— Hugo Stubbe,
47 years of age, a gardener, has been
reported to" the police as ; missing from
his rooms, 808 Harrison street.- *
OAKLAND, April 15. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued , by
the County Clerk to-day: Robert F.
Blacow, over 21, and Hattie C. Cas
terson, over 18, both of Pleasanton;
Antone Silva, 23, and Magdalene O.
Trombas, 18. both of Warm Springs;
Manuel I. Xavier,-27, Visalia, and Roza
C. Amaral, 22, Niles.
Mnrriage" Licenses.
OAKLAND. April 15. — The police
.have no trace of Lillian Heald. who
disappeared Tuesday from her sis
ter's home. They feel convinced that
the missing woman will be located
soon.
Miss Ilcald Not Found.
The bride Is a daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. J. A. Roberts of Ventura. She
has been the guest of her sister, Mrs.
George Richardson of 1530 Delaware
street, for three months and met Mr.
Burmeister there.
BERKELEY. April 15.— After elab
orate arrangements for a wedding had
been made Miss Estella Roberta of
Ventura and George Burmelster
ignored all the conventions and the
arrangements and were married quiet
ly In San Francisco. The wedding
ceremony was performed by the . Rev.
L. C. Sanford of St. John's Episcopal
Church last Tuesday, and, although
the bride's sister was informed of it,
their friends were not told until to
day. The young people excused them
selves on the ground that they did not
care for the pomp and tinsel of a reg
ular society wedding.
Miss I-ZstcIIa Roberts nnd George Bur
melstcr Escape Pomp of n Con
ventional Nuptials.
MARRY BEFORE WEDDING
DAY AND GIVE SURPRISE
OAKLAND. April 15. — The audit
ing and finance committee of the City
Council has voted to restore salaries
of deputies in the City Treasurer's of
fice to $109 a month. They had been
cut to $80.
Raises Deputies' Salaries.
ALAMEDA, April 15. :— Adolph
Schroeder, who comes from' an- old
and prominent family here, is in the
City Prison, charged with stealing his
sister's jewels,", with the object of dis
posing of them for money with which
to buy drink. Schroeder was .taken
into custody last night by; Policeman
Theodorft Anderson.; When "searched
there was found* upon him a gold
watch and chain that belonged to his
sister. Six weeks ago Schroeder loot
ed his sister's jewel case for the flrst
time. Most of the gems then taken
were recovered Chief of Police
Conrad" In a pawnshop and ; at the re
quest of Schroeder's relatives was
not prosecuted. The : authorities in
tend to makP it interesting for
Schoederfor his second theft. ' \- . ¦ •
Ala meda Man With' • Penchant for
Liquor Taken Into Custody for
./ . Second Offense. •
A programme V of chamber music will be
rendered at - the half hour " of music, in the
Greek Theater next • Sunday. , The perf ornvrs
will be J. B. Williams '07. \ violin: Arthur
Weiss .'07.. cello; Albert ?V- Elkus'Ort. piano.
The programme will Includo ,; the . following
numbers : Trio, intermezzo. ' 'Ca va llcrla \l us 1 1 -
cana" (MaBcaKnt); violin. '.'Sixth 'Arle" Varlee"
(De Berlot): piano. . "The - Lady ' of Shalott"
(after Tennyson). Albert I.. Klkus; cello,
"Traumerei" (Schumann) and "Simple Aveu"
(Thome): trio, Spanish dance (Moszkowsky).
Hereafter the naif hour music on Sunday after
noons will begin at; 3 o'clock instead 'of 4
o'clock. This change halK been^ made, on ac
count, of the, approaching warm 1 weather and
longer days. ¦ ¦ • . • .:¦ ','¦ '• ' ¦ •
Dr. George Stelndorft of the University of
Lcipftic entertained a large audience in Hearst
Hall this evening, where he delivered an ad
dress on "The -Development of Egyptian Re
ligion." ' This Is the first of "three lectures
that -Dr. Stcindorff will deliver.
. California j Chapter of the Sigma Xi has
elected the following students of the university
active : members of the society : .* Faculty— C.
Derleth Jr.. M.'H. Fischer. R. H. Loughbrldge '
J.: H " McDonald, -T.'iM.- Putnam. A. W. Whit
ney: .'graduate*— A. H.'Markwart; J. P. Tracy,
E. R.Shepard. Sebastian Albrecht: seniors —
E.TB. Adams. M. • J; Blackman. A. S. Bunne'l
F W.Crocker. F. A. Dick. H. M. Evans F.
I,!-' Johnston.; A.'. Knopf: A. II. Mowbray, Paul
Thelen, Rolf Thelen.-Y.Sakal.
BERKELEY, April 15.— The University of
California iwill have a "night" at .Ye Liberty
Playhouse In Oakland : on the ', evening of
Thursday,' April : 21, and It will be called
"University Night." Then two programmes
will be given' in one ¦ performance/ for besides
the regular play at the theater the' Glee j and
Mandolin clubs of the university will alng and
play,- before the cnrtaln between .acts. ¦ The
proceeds of. the "night" are: to go to help pay
the cxpenveB of the clubs to the St. Louis Fair
next, summer. • . .. ¦; ..:''. "
STEALS SISTER'S -JEWELS
AND IS-XOW IN PRISON
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
OAKLAND, April 15. — After evad
ing arrest for three months. Joseph
Freitas was taken into custody at 3
o'clock this morning at his residence,
236 Harlan street, by a posse of pa
trolmen, headed by Sergeant of Po
lice Clark. Mary Madera accuses
FreitaE. She «wore to a warrant in
January, but claims the offense was
committed in 1901. " .
Arrested After Ix>ii£ Walt
To Rejrulatc Barber Shop?.
Health Officer Kagan will ask the
Health Board to request the Board of
Supervisors to pass ordinances requir
ing barber shops to be kept in sanitary
condition. It is designed to have th<»
health inspectors make periodical
visits to the barber shops to see that
sanitary regulations are complied
with. It has been found that the con
ditions in the cheaper barber shops are
bad and one regulation will -¦ require
that a clean towel be used for each
customer. The State laws on the sub
ject, it is said, are not belns enforced.
Pupils Entertain Parents.
, There was a delightful party in tho
private. dancing acadernyjOf Mlss'Lil
lie Ingargiola last night- tendered to
the ' pupils: and -.their parents trv: the
cozy hall - on „ Eddy- street.' Martha
Williams gave an exhibition of < the
waltz clog; Helen Lyman -.entertained
with Specialties and song;. Irene Sten
erson amused 'with song and. dance,
and' -Miss Ingargiola' pleased .the au
dience Vwith recitations. .After that
there was dancing, for the pupils',- pa
rents and friends until midnight.''
OAKLAND. April 15. — In pursuit
of his daughter. Mao*, who eloped
Wednesday night from Soledad with
William James, an ex-soldier. E.
Harding, a farmer, visited the County
Clerk's office this afternoon to see if
a marriage license had been issued to
the pair here. With him he had a
large pistol and he threatens venge
ance on James if he finds that he
has played his daughter false.
Harding said his daughter was but
1 9 years of age. She left a note for
her father saying she was going with
JnmcF to Oakland to be married.
Harding said he had no confidence in
James'- promises.
With a His Pistol E. Ilardin* Is
Searching for William Janics, an
Kx-Soldicr.
ANGRY FATHER IXX)KS
FOR KliOPIXG COUPLE
. Announcement was made to the City
Council to-night that the deadlock over
the appointment of a board of arbi
tration to fix the valuation of the Con
tra Costa Water Company's plant had
been broken. President : George "W.
Dornin said difficulties had been ad-
Justed between the special Council com
mittee and the water company's repre
sentatives, and that the committee
would report Monday night to the
Council on Its plan and the name of the
experts to represent the city and the
water company.
Councilman Cuvellier added a de
tailed statement of the situation. He
said the conferences of the committee
and the water company people up to
last Monday night had been unproduct
ive of results, because they could not
agree on the programme to be fol
lowed by the board of arbitration nor
to the instructions to be submitted to
the experts. Later conferences had
led to concessions on the part' of
the water company, a fair' ground of
operations had been established, and
the way had been cleared for speedy
organization of the board.
"In 'view of Councilman Dornin and
Councilman Cuvellier's explanations,
the Council to-night postponed further
inquiry in the' matter -of' water rates
,flxing until April 25, the next regular
meeting night of the committee of the
whole.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 15.
Deadlock Over the Organi
zation of Water Bates Ap
praisement Board Ends
ARBITRATION
WILL FOLLOW
Dr. Abbott's last plea was for more
conscientious and self-sacrificing citi
zenship among ail classes of citizens.
It is the duty of university men to help the
Christianize this country; to see to It that our
revercne* for the law become* deeper and
Bounder; to see to It that the strife between
capital 8nd labor Is abated. Whether you
like the dutie* that our tremendous progress
has placed upon you. It ir certain we can never
po berk. The question is not "Shall we be
ccme a world power and take part In world
affair*?" We are already the first world
jx,wrr. The quertlon now Is, "How shall we
urc the power that our position has given us?"
Now. what do all these present day condi
tions mean to you men of th* university? Our
development has be*n unprecedented and
whether this development will prove a peril
or a blcrnlng will depend upon the men and
women who make up the nation. America —
and I wr>eak plainly— Is not entirely civilized.
A Government that allows come of Its post
office officials to go wrong, a Government -that
puts into its Legislatures men whow role am
bition in to thrust their arms deeo into the
public treasury, la not wholly civilised. A
country in which capital and labor are clutch-
Ing each other by the throat Is not civilized.
Let us not shut our eyes to this peril; let us
realize that a Government divided against
itself cannot stand. I cannot speak for your
oltj'. but 1 know what they are doing In New
York and Chicago. I hope you are all faints
In Kan FranclFco. but I doubt it. | America
rrally need" mrre good men.
Dr. Lyman Abbott, edUor of the Out
look and the E. T. Earle lecturer for
ISO* for the Pacific Theological Sem
inary, is an optimist of the most pro
nounced type. The material welfare of
the people of America interests him
quite as much as their spiritual wel
fare, and he calls their country the
greatest world power. Yet he sees
peri! in this very puissance and
prays that it may be counterbalanced
by a little more spirituality, "a little
more reverence for religion and a little
more respect for the law."
. Dr. Abbott's opinions were laid be
fore a thousand students of the Uni
versity of California through the me
dium of an address this morning in
Harmon gymnasium. Dr. Abbott first
traced the rapid development of Amer
ica within the past decade, and paint
ed an encouraging picture v of its fu
ture and then said:
«
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, April 15.
Dr. Lyman Abbott, Editor of
the Outlook, Says Country
Is Xot Entirely Civilized
Mrs. W. A. Taylor gave s. luncheon at her
home on Everett street yesterday at which
the following were guests: Mrs. W. J Walker
Mrs.-H. Pawling.' Dr. and Mrs/ Schmelz Miss
Alice Schmelz.. Mrs.' Pchenman. . *.
ALAMEDA. April 15.— The Alameda ¦:¦HoW
pltal Corps pave Ito first annual military 'ball
In Armory Hall to-night. : John Dirks was
floor manager and was assisted by John Camp
bell. Harry La Jeunesge. Hiram Harm*. Frank
Klllinger. H. Miller and R. Fernald. There
was a , larg« attendance of dancers from Oak
land and San Francisco. • •
BERKKLEY. April 15. — .Mis« Florence
rtnone. daughter bf Mr. and , Mrs. Boone of
Boone's Academy, and Ralph Phelps two
young society people, will be married on Mon
day evenlne next at the home of the bride's
parents on Durant avenue. A great number of
society folk 1-ave been invited to the affair
which promises to b« one of thv events of the
season. The Rev. Dr. Parsons of St. Mark's
Episcopal Church will officiate. Miss Leslie
Green' is to be the maid of honor and Charles
P. . Boone the best man. The . other membtrs
of the bridal party will be Miss Xora Thomas.
Mle« Bertha Gcodrich, Miss Carol Day. Miss
Kelsey Patterson. Miss Maud Welch. Whitman
Prentice. Walter Bundschu and Frank Guernsey
Mrs. Wlllard Williamson has sent out cards
for a large tea. to be given on April 28 at
her residence on Santa Rosa avenue. She will
be assisted by a large receiving party and the
affeir will doubtless '-one of the season's
most brilliant events.
Miss Mary Alberta Morre, the talented young
singer. ha«? returned from « very successful
concert tour of the Eastern and Mlddl« States.
She Is a sister of Mrs. H. A. Melvln and makes
her home with Judge and Mrs. Melvln.
The rr.st Is os follows:
Helen Gordon (the authoress) Ceta Bennett
Barbara Banting Helen Hadley
Edward Banting Edna Bradley
French maid ....Huston Bishop
Mrs. Illington Winifred Coomb*
Lollta, telegraph operator Hortense Burge«i
Butlnsky Bumpkin .Merril Rice
The reminary seniors will give their clans
farce nt Mill* Collejc* 1 on the evening of Fri
day. Acril 20. in Llsser Hall. The farce is
entitled "The Education of an Authoress,"
and was written by Miss Ceta Benm-U. '04. It
Is In four acts and sparkles with eplrrarm*
and witty allusions to the college seniors and
others. The plot Is woven about a young au
thoress, who, having written a very daring
novel, ia forced to leave her home In New
York to avoid trouble, and comes to Mtlis
College Incognito. Her contempt for "West
ern uncouthness" and a generat air of supe
riority cautf her to he dtMlked by tho • girls,
but a happy Incident changes her Ideas and
turns tho tide in her favor and in the last
act everything In straightened out. even the
little love' affair which threads Its- way through
the play.
The girls are going to charge r>0 cents ad
mission and Indication* are that Llsser Hall
will be crowded.
The Pledmcnt Whist Club was entertained
this week by Mrs. W. W. Standeford. her
guests being Mrs. Nellie B&rraclough, Mrs.
Robert Duncan. Mrs. Mary S. . Patton. Mrs.
Harmon Bell, Mrs. Qeorte Sterling. Mrs. H.
C Capwell, Mrs. W. E. Sharon, Mrs. Henry
Bratnober. Mri. Harry Thomas. Mrs. Charles
Gllman. Mrs. Gl'.man Jr.. Mrs. II. Maxwetl,
Mrs. Edward Engs, Mm. Wlckham Havens.
Mrs. J. T. W. Randall.' Mrs. J. B. Rlchard«or.,
Mrs. H. C. Wytatt. Mrs. House and Mm.
Florence WInr. 'r'T. :
Mrs. John Heath will give, a reception next
Friday afternoon complimentary to MIjs Laura
von KUlelmlcka of Dresden. Germany, ishe
will be assisted in receiving by MUs Con
stance Meeks. Miss Mabel Flint. Mrs. W. n.
Van Brunt of Alameda. Mis? Helen Cadman
and Mies Constance Heath.
Miss Xoelle de Golta will entertain on the
21st in honor of Misses Edith and Bonnlo
Downing:: She will be assisted In receiving
by a laree party.
OAKLAND, April 13.— Mrs. Harry East
Miller will chaperone the luncheon party Miss
Evelyn Hus?ey will give to-morrow at the St.
Francis in San Francisco. Miss Van Rens-
Bclaer of Texar.' who li'visIMn* -Miss' -'Isabelle
Kendall. i» the guest or honor lor what prom
ises to be an unusually pretty affair. AIUs
Hussey's other iruests will be Ml«a Isabella
Kendall, Mi»» Noelle d« Golla. Ml** Edna
Orr, MI«R Irene Bangs. Mis* Letty Barr>% Mi*a
Norma Castle. Miss Elsie lKtrr. MUs Char
lotte Lally and Miss Mattle Milton. .
OAKLAND. April 15. — Abe Swin
tkey, a young man who says he is a
graduate of the University of Chicago,
was sentenced by Judge Hall to-day to
four years In Folsom prison for hav
ing passed three fictitious checks, one
on A. C. Poole. another on L. Schwartz
and the third on Morris Isaacs. He
pleaded guilty to the charges.
In a plea for clemency Swinskey
told Judge Hall that his people were
well thought of in Chicago and he did
not want them to hear of hi* trouble.
He said he held a decree from the
University of Chicago and that he had
never been in trouble before. He said
he lost his money in San Francisco
playing faro bank and came over to
Oakland to raise money for his im
mediate wants by means of the
checks. They were for $10 each.
Convict Loses Ills Money Playing Faro
Bank and Raises More on
Bad Checks.
ABE SWIXSKKY GIVEX
FOUR-YEAR SENTENCE
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
EX-CONVICT WHO WILL, TESTIFY
AGAINST HIS LATE PARTNERS
IN CRIME.
AMERICA NEEDS
MORE GOOD MEN
Childs was held to answer* by Justice
Cone on the' specific charge of hav
ing burglarized the residence of Mn>.
A. ¦ M. Lusk, 1617 Clinton avenue, . on
February ll J .
"I got/ a 'split 1 on what I disposed
cf," explained Morton, "and never in
quired of Childs or Baldwin whether
they stole the goods or bought them.
I knew that Childs 'worked* Alameda
and that Baldwin 'worked* Oakland."
Morton testified that he first met
Childs in San Quentin. The (Jnly ques
tion asked by Childs of Morton' while
the latter was on the stand was, "Was
then* not something strange about
that meeting in San Quentin?". -
Morton paid that he remembered that
Childs gave him certain papers' at. the
time, but did not consider the trans
action strange.
MADE XO INQUIRY.
"Childs, Baldwin and I had an un
derstanding," said Morton to- Chlet
of Police John Conrad, in explaining
why he had turned against his pals,
"that whoever would 'go up against It'
first, the others were to hire for him
a 'mouthpiece/ or attorney. I wait
ed for five weeks after being arrested,
and never once openea my head. Thcs 1 ;
other fellows in that time did not even
send me a cigarette, and no lawyer
came to help me out of Jail. I have
grown tired of such ingratitude, and
will tell all I know about the criminal
work of Childs and Baldwin."
Morton related on the fitand, in
answer to questions put him by Deputy
District Attorney W. .H. 12 Hynes, how
Childs and Baldwin would visit' Ala
meda and Oakland, loot residences and
return to San Francisco. They woulu
turn the goods over to Morton, who
said it was "not good etiquette for
one thief to ask another where he got
the stuff."
Morton was arrested six weeks ago
in San Francisco and brought to this
city on a charge of having ransacked
the home of Gus Koch, 1315 San An
tonio avenue.
Morton, Childs and Baldwin were
members of a gang of San Francisco
housebreakers and robbers, and all
were taken into custody for numerous
thefts of jewelry and silverware in this
city and Oakland. Morton is known
as the "lesral burglar," by reason of
his knowledge of the law; and Childs,
who has but one arm, is known as the
"burglar with the bloody hand," be
cause of his method of breaking in
doors and windows and usually leaving
traces of his gore about the premises.
RANSACKS KOCH HOME.
ALAMEDA. April 15.— Neglect shown
him by his pals in crime after he had
been arrested and Imprisoned caused
Kdwnrd Morton, an ex-convict charged
with burglary, to turn on Harry Childs
and Harry Baldwin; also accused of
burglary, durir.g the preliminary hear
ing of Childs before Justice of the
Peace F. S. Cone to-day.
Morton said that had the other al
leged thieves "done the right thing"
with him he would willingly serve ten
or even twenty years in prison before
he would testify against them. Be
cause he believes that Childs and Bald
win broke their word cf honor with
him Morton turned State's evidence
and now wants to see both of his for
mer companions given the limit of the
law.- - i
With the tit> settled, work will ad
v.tnee rapidly on the construction of
The thoroughfare, which Is designed
to become ultimately a part of Lake
Merritt boulevard on ita -western
shores. The extension will be 110
feet wide, running back of Sacred
Heart Convent, the Harmon estate
and othf-r properties lying along the
west fide of the lake. Starting at the
junction of Harrison street with
Twentieth, the thoroughfare will
<-ross Twenty-first, Twenty-second
streets. lioulevard terrace and Twen
ty-third street to the south line of
Twentr-founh street, where that
street forms a Junction with Vernon
street. Oakland avenue and Bay place.
The matter of deeds having been set»
tied, the construction of the extension
< an follow as poon agthe bids are re
ceived and the contract is awarded./
Those interested in the important
project had feared that there would
be much delay on account of property
entanglements, but all of this has
been obviated by the unanimous ac
tion of the owners of lands that would
be taken under the lines of the im
provement. When the extension is
completed Harrison street will furnish
u direct outlet for the Vernon Heights,
Oakland avenue and Wai worth avenue
sections of Piedmont.
minated
Deed? covering all of the property
necessary for the boulevard extension
of Harrison street, from Twentieth to
Twenty-fourth street and Bay place,
have been placed In the hands of City
Attorney McElroy. The property own
ers affected without exception have
jnade the plfis of land to the city,
thereby condemnation suits have been
avoided and a considerable item of
expanse in the projected improvement
Oakland Office Fan Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. April 15.
Mr. Cooley next read a letter from
former Governor Taft of the Philip
pines in reply to the President's in
quiry regarding the civil service sys
tem in -the islands and his opinion upon
it. In this letter Mr. Taft advocated
an extension of the system.
"The Civil Service Commission needs
the co-operation of the people," con
cluded Mr. Cooley, "else the extension
of the system will hot be as gratifying
as it ha* been."
The system does no morn to'create an offlce
hotding class than does the Southern Pacillc
Company or any other great employing sy«
tem. It Is simply the common sense way of
engaging men who will give the Government
efllcient service. .¦ '. >~V: ":
The candidate for a scientific place Is not
examined afall. His degrees are sufficient
for the commission. All the system aims to
do Is to satisfy itself that the men are quali
fied for the position to which they aspire.
Another criticism is that the system creat'S
an offlce-Beeklnjr class. I don"t know exactly
what that means, but I presume that It '•
burn of a. protest against some men holding
office for life. But that • is where the power
of the thin* lies. If men could be removed
It- would be the sdoIIs system again. . It Is
designed to prevent removals of an arbitrary
kind. x .
DEGREES ARE SUFFICIENT.
There are many criticisms of the system.
It does not come from the men working under
It, but from the theorist*. One' of the mout
Useful to these theorists Is that the system
of examinations Is not practical. But I think
that It Is as practical as It may be. For
every position special attention ia Riven to
their Importance and the examinations fixed
accordingly. If a man wishes to be a Janitor
no educational qualification In required. All
that Is required of him Is good hralth and a
decent knowledge of a building. For a rail
way mall clerk only the most elementary edu
cational qualification is demanded. The can
didate murt be In good health because tho
character of the work he Is about to under
take demands It.
. The principles of the law were, re
viewed by Mr. Cooley at some length.
THe most valuable of these, he said,
is that which prevents the coersion of
men in the service for political rea
sons; another is that which demands
that the examinations shall be prac
tical in their character; still another
is that which requires that a candi
date for a permanent position shall be
received only on probation until he ha3
proved his fitness for his trust. In part
Mr. Cooley said: .
The civil 'Ben-Ice law allows for an Increase
In the number of offices under - Ha control.
There were only .thirteen offices within tha
jurisdiction of the - commission when It waa
founded, but' now, as you know; It extends to
roost of the subordinate office* In the land. - d
The commission" ftruggled along with fair
success until 1889. when Theodore Rooeevclt
was appointed a member of the commission.
and then It fairly Jumped ahead. It was
recognlied that he was a man of power and
under him the scope of the work Increased.
Mr. Roosevelt was for the enforcement of the
law above everything else and he law that
U did not become a dead letter.
BERKELEY, April 15.— Alford .. W.
Cooley, one of the two members of. the
United States Civil Service Commis
sion, addressed a gathering of faculty
men . and students \ in ! the observatory
building at the University of Califor
nia this afternoon,: on "Civil Service
Reform:" Mr. Cooley spent a half hour
deaiing with -the history and econom
ical value of that interesting system
and went away .frc-m a room ringing
with applause for his clear, exposition
of the subject.
"Mr. Cooley 's first task was- to show
the development* of the -'system from
the beginning, then to treat of its
workings and finally to deal yvith its
enemies and critics. George Washing
ton) he said, was the first man to for
mulate the first civil service rule. This
he did by refusing to continue the
spoils system of the English, against
which the colonies had revolted. With
out any statutes to demand it, men
were appointed upon their merits until
Jackson's time, when the spoils sys
tem returned with all Its corruption
and viciousness. Then it was that the
victor began to share in the spoils.
The victor shared in the spoils until
1881, when the first civil service law
was passed. Attempts had been made
in the interim to secure the adoption
of the reform, but it failed until Presi
dent Garfield was assassinated by an
office seeker. ¦' Then, in' answer to the
demands of the country, the present
law was passed.- " ''
phixcipl.es of law.
The- children and heirs of the tes
tator are Lydia J. Thomas, Annie R.
I^ey, Ellen McFadden and Sarah A.
Dean. They purpose giving their step
mother a battle royal in case she car
ries out her threat of attempting to set
aside the will of their late father.
In his will the testator affirms that
all of his property. is separate prop
erty, it having been accumulated by
him prior to his last marriage, and it
is to this clause that the children
point for a Justification of their re
fusal to give up any of their share of
the estate. / : '¦ '?¦¦? ¦¦*¦*¦ ¦'-
Sarah A. ! yDean . and Jessie H.
Thomas were given special letters of
administration on the. estate to-day by
Judge Greene. In their petition they
set forth that the widow is riot satis
fied with her share and has threatened
suit unless she is given a third; that it
will probably be a long time before
matters are settled and that in the
meantime the estate needs attention.
Upon this showing the letters were
issued.
Mrs. Sarah L. Bump has disregarded
the wish of her deceased husband.
Nelson Bump, as expressed in his will,
and' has threatened the other heirs
with a will contest unless she is given
a third of the. estate, valued at $200,
000. Mrs.. Bump was decedent's sec
ond wife and was left the family resi
dence aX 918 Chester street and $5000,
while the bulk of the estate was left
to the four daughters of Bump by his
first wife. The deceased particularly
states in his will, as if he anticipated
trouble over the division he had made
of the property, that if Mrs. Bump
should bring legal proceedings to set
aside his will she should be disin
herited entirely.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 15.
Improvement Project Goes
Forward Without the Ne
cessity of Condemnation
Attorney Creely said the next step
would be an appeal to the Superior
Court and thence, if necessary, to th«i
Supreme Court. Police Judge Mor
timer Smith will bear a number of
scavengers' cases to-morrow in his de
rartmenL
Police Judge George Samuels to-day
sustainrd the validity of the garbage
crematory ordinance by an opinion
overruling a demurrer to the com
plaints sworn out against a number of
scavengers that were arrested on a
charge of Illegally collecting garbage.
This'onlnicn is the starting point of
a test of the law which will be carried
to the Supreme Court of the State in
behalf of the Scavengers' Union.
For the scavengers. Attorney J. H.
Creely argued on his demurrer that
the ordinance granting exclusive
rights to the Pacific Incinerating Com
rany. to handle the garbage was un
constitutional in that it Invaded pri
vate rights and deprived persons of
their "property. He claimed that the.
City Council had acted in excess of its
police powers in passing the ordi
nance.
Attorney L. S. Church, representing
the crematory company, maintained
that the council, in matters affecting
public sanitation and health, had very
Inroad powers and that it had full war
rant to prohibit or to regulate a busi
ntss that misht become a menace to
public health or might become a pub
lic nuisance.
His Honor upheld the right of the
City Council to enact the law.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 15.
Scavengers Lose in First
Attack on Franchise of
the Incinerating Company
Her Four Stepdaughters In
herit Father's Wealth and
They Oppose Her Demands
F. B. Toakum (single) to Evelyn A. RatcIttT
(wife of W. H.). l"t on E line of Stanford
avenue. d<»tant NE 230.C9 from its Interswctlnn
with X line of Handy. X 43.X1. XE 124.24. SS
40.81. SW 144.C2. to beginning, being portion
of lot ••. map in partition of lands of Ann
Dwyer (deceased). Berkeley; $10.
F. D. Chase to Lois Nefson. lots on E Iln<»
of ?hattuck avenue (3t> same now exists). 354:S
N cf Vine street. N 25 by E 00. being portion
of lots S and 0. block 4. map of resuhdlvUlon
of Mocks 8 and 4. Antisel! Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Charles E. and Emma May Batdorf to J. A.
Marshall, lot 1. block >*. Leonard Tract. Berke
ley: $10.
Plummtr Improvement Company (corpora
tion) to Elizabeth Agnea Clarke, lot on E Iln
of Aetna street. .100 S of Kearney, S CO by E
133. Berkeley; deed and agreement. $10.
Mary K!ng (widow) to Hugh King (son), lot
on S Jlne of Parker street. 38.T15 E of Shat
tuck avenue, E SO by S 1T5, lot 7, block 1428.
I'.Iakf Tract. Berkeley: gift.
Hugh King to Arlanna "Whlthsm. sam*.
Berkeley; $10.
J. A. ai.d Mattle M. Clover to Laurence I.
and Emma L. Haggerty. lot beginning 1C0 W
from SW corner of Shattucfc avenue and Ru.«-
Bfll street, thenc* along S Hne of Russell. W*
1C0 by S 3H.42, lot 15, block B. Adeline Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
J. I. and V. J. Logan to James Kennpy. lot
on W line of California street. 4.1 X of Bristol.
X 1X» by ,\V ICO, being portion of Range 13. map
of Hardy Tract (deed made to correct error In
dercrlptlon In deed between sam* parties dated
November 2. 1WCT). Berkeley; S10. . .
Mary J. and Paul Lohse to Nathan Roger*,
lot on W line of Webster street 1153:2*4 X
of Fourteenth, X 64 :« by W 130, Oakland:
$500.
Carrie L. Richardson (single) to Anna E.
McElroy. lofonW Hne of Telegraph- arrenue.
45 S of Thirtieth streft. said point bHns SE
correr of let conveyed . to Beatrice N. Hall
December 21. 1808. thence W 1l»U7; 8-3O.67.
E 10«.37. N 3D.0«L block 2020. Rowland -Tract.
Oakland: $101
Mary F. de Sona (widow) to Helen M.-Go
yette (widow), lot on. S lin« ef Thlrty-flfth
ftreet. r;.',7:l» E of Market. S at right angle to
Thirty-fifth. «0 feet S parallel with Market.
51:3 E. .17:6 X, 51::? parallel with Market. N
CO at riirht ansle to Thlrty-flfth. W .17 :« to
beginning, being portion of lots H and 10. block
L. Drorer'ty of Central Land Company. Oak
land; $10.
Alice M. and G*ore« A. Scotr to M. Gatter
(slpgle) and M. E. Gould (femrae sole), lot on
E line of Adeline street. 2SO >S of Thirty
fourth. S 30 by E 127. block 67'«. Boardman's
map. Oakland: $10.
R. R. and Ada A. Patterson to B. Struven.
lot on SE corner of Dana and Haste street*.
S 4C:S by E ICO. portion lot 1. block 0. Col
lege Homestead. Berkeley; $1.
A. E and Ella M. Lovett to Nanette \V.
Mayhew (stngle>. lots 16 and 17 and NE 125
of lot 5 block S2. map tt M addition to Brook
lyn. East Oakland; $10. . — • : t
Ida E. Tuftle (widow) to same, lot on 5
corner of Twenty-first avenue and East Twt»u
ty-flfth street. SW 125 by SE 100. portion Iota
1 to 4 block 82. same. East Oakland; $10.
Nanette H. and D. A. MacMuIlan to Louise
Lucssenhop. lot on SE line of Eighth avenue.
9O NE of East Fourteenth street. NE 40 by
SE ICO block 59, Clinton. East Oakland: $10..
C. H. and Mary D. Daniels to Henry Ahn#
feld lot on S line of Falrview street, at inter
section with line dividing Harmon Tract from
Regent Street Homestead. S 135:4«4. *\ r
S0;8 2-3. X 135:4. etc., E 34:2. being E por
tion of lot 20 block D. map of subdivision of
SW portion plat 63, Peralta Rancho. Berkeley;
*10. . i • •
P. E. and Mary A. Bowles to John B. Met
calf (single), lot on N line of West Eighteenth
street, 1W> W of Market. W 55. N 10O. E 20. N
10. E 35. S 110. Oakland; $10.
Peter and Jette C. Petersen to Jorgen Han
fcr. Jorgencen. lot on E line of Ettle street.
<H N of A. X 32 by E 100. being fra«tlon.«
of lots J. I. H and G of subdivision 1, block
794. Watts Tract. Oakland; $10.
C. J. and Lucia II. Woodbury to Sarah L-
Bennett (widow), rerecord 882 D. 3«. lot un
W line of Peralta street. 55:7^ S of Fifteenth.
S 25 by W 110. lot 2«, block 727B, map re
subdlvislon portions block i'£A. "27A and
727B. deed recorded to correct SS2 D. 36. Oak
land; $10.
Harlow P. Bancroft to George B. Youn<.
undivided » 3 of lots 1 to 14. block E. map
Santa Fe Tract Xo. 2. Oakland, deed and
agreement; $10.
Barbara M. Huebl (single) to Adella Fink-,
lot on W line of Campbell street., "9 S of
Sixteenth. S 25 by W 115. lot 6. block 72SA.
map block 740 and portion block*
729> 727 and 72S. Oakland; gift.
1; K. and Sarah M. McLean to Willis B Gib
son., lot* on W line of Filbert str?et. 125 N' of
Thirtieth. N 125 by W 125. lots 15 to 10, block
670. Glascock Tract; 910.
Harlow P. Eancroft to Luna K. Austin (wire
of Harry), lot 07 H and E 12 :« of lot tt7.
amended tn»v of xubdlvislons of Mosswood
Tract. Oakland; $10.
James and Frances E. Hokst to Sp»rry Flour
Company" (corporation) - lots on N'E. corner of
First and Clay streets, N 2CO by E 73. k)la 1
to 8, block S, same rnap. Oakland: fW.
T. A. and Josephine V. Washbarn to W. A.
ami Dora I. WJehart, lot on W line of Tele
graph avt-nue, 10O N of Thlrty-flrat »tre*t. W
134.11, K 30. E 134.53. S 30.005 to b^sinnlng.
being portion of lots 2 and •'», block 2030, Row
land tract. Oakland; $10.
Ciara Wwml.ich to Joseph Wundsch, Iota on
W line of Franklin «tr*«t. 23 S of Fourteenth.
SCOby \V 75. lots 16 and 17. block 31. Kellera-
D*rjrer*s mai>. Oekland, .and lot on X Un« of
Third street, 75 W or Jackson, W 25 by N 10O.
lot -'¦'., block Si, same map (subject to reserva
tions for pewer rights, as peT 307 D. 414). Oak
land; jflft.
Alameda County.
FRIDAY, APRIL. 13.
P.EAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
LITIGATION PREVENTED
Says Spoils Scheme, With Its
Corruption and Vicious
ness. Has Been Displaced
HE DEFENDS SYSTEM
DEMURKER OVERRULED
PKOPERTY IS VALUABLE
Police Judge Samuels De
cides the Crematory Or
dinance Is a Legal Act
Alford W. Cooley Delivers
Address Before Faculty
and Students of Berkeley
Sarah L. Bump Threatens
Contest Unless Given a
Third of Husband's Estate
GRANT DEEDS
TO BODLEVARD
Land for Harrison Street Ex
tension Given to the City
by the Affected Owners
GARBAGE LAW
IS SUSTAINED
EXPLAINS CIVIL
SERVICE REFORM
WIDOW WANTS
LARGER SHARE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 16, 190*.
Ex-Convict Edward Morton "Confesses Participation in
: Numerous Crimes, and as a Witness for the People He
Will AicHn Prosecution of Burglars Childs and Baldwin
TURNS STATE'S EVIDENCE
AGAINST NEGLECTFUL PALS
6
FREE^-FREE
TO WANT -ADVERTISERS
IN : : NEXT ; SUNDAY'S Z CALL;
THE 'GLOW. NIGHT LAMP.
A SCIENTIFIC WONDER.
Invaluable -for. Bedrooms,^Slck
Chambers, . ' Hall,; 'Nurseries,
Bathrooms, i STAIRCASES, etc.
BE SURE TO GET ONE WITH
A WANT AD 1 IN,
NEXT SUNDAY'S < CALL.
Premium cannot bo obtained in
. .. any .other .'way.
.. ADVERTISEMENTS.
BRipGEWORK ATCOST.
Why wear a cumbersome ©late '^thaV.
covers the roof of ¦ the\ ; rn6uth when
you can have teeth without? Our pro-
fessor of 'bridgework - personally,, su-
perintends", tins .worKfand furnishes a
written 'guarantee for ;ten vears. ¦;.
Painless : Methods.' 'Cleaning 'Free.
Graduates Only. -Extraction -Tree.
Week Days, g to q;* Sundays" 7 V to i.
POSTtGR^MfplENTAL COLLEGE
i San * Pranci«co^-3 ' T ay lor Street.
Oakland— 973' Washington Straat.
5u Joie— 45 East Santa Clara Strttt.
Sacramento — 407 J StrwV
*^ — JIM. - J. A
postum a::d grape-nuts.
READ
"THE ROAD TO
WELLVILLE."
Miniature copy in each
pkg. of Postum and Grape-
Nuts.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway..
Telephone 31ain 1083.
BERKELEY. •
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 11.
ALAMITDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4591Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographio ', Office, U ; ;8. N., Mer.
•¦•" chants' • Exchange. "San- Francisco. ' Cal.'
April 15.. 1904. • ,-, '.--:..
An accident to the Time Ball mechanism has
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
. - ¦¦¦ Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to- San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority cf
' the Superintendent. . . .. .' .';
. - NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; 'the height
of tide is the aame at both - places.
SATURDAY, APRIL. 16.
Sun rises ¦ .V. . ................. . . . ... . . .7;. 5:33
Sun sets (ft . :'.~ ;TT.;V: .....: ... ..... :. .... .6:46
Moon sets ••• 7:39 p. m.
O Timel" '¦"'". Time - Tlmel . Time "• ¦—
P 1 Ft. Ft. — Ft.. Ft.
,»¦ L. Wf • H W| / (l, W r | - H "W t ---^.
16 5:38 0.5 12:24 4.71,5:38 2.0 11:471 52
17 6:19 0.2 1:10 4.7|C:14 2.3 ..........*
H W ¦ < ¦ L W ; .' IH.W L,'W .„.
18 0:18 5.4 7:02 0.1 2:00 4.3 6:54 .; 2.7
19 0:55 5.3 .7:47 0.0 2:52 4.3 7:41 i2.8
20 1:38 ;5.3 8:40 O.0 3:50 4.3 8:37 .3.1
21'. 2:32 5.2 9:3.S 0.1 4:52 4.3 0:50 -3.1
22 3:35 5.0 10:40 ,'.0.3 5:55 4.4 11:09 3.1
. NOTE— In the above ' exposition of the . tides
the early morning tides. are given in the left
hand • column * and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurr-.nce as'to time; ths
fourth. time column gives "• the last tide. of th«
day. T except when there are but three tides.- as
sometimes ' occurs. - The heights given are r in
addition to the soundings of .the United States
Coast 8urvey charts, except when a rnlnui (— )
sign precedes the height.' and then the 'number
given - Is" subtracted from the ; depth -given . by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
' ex the : low«r : low waters. : !
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN'
: FOR THE SUMMER..
CALL subscribers contemplating- a
change of ' residence during- the summer
months can have their paper forwarded
by mail to their new address by notify
ing" THE .CALL; Business . Offl.ce. . This
paper, will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and 1* 'represented by ' a local
a (rent in all" to wna on the coast.
The Ventura's Cargo.
The steamer Ventura called on Thursday for
Sydney via Honolulu, Pago Pago and Auck
land with a general merchandise cargo valued
at $223,401, to be distributed as follows: Fo 1 *
Honolulu, $113,449; Samoan Islands, |4S24;
New Zealand. $44,212; Australia, $66,179) Fiji
Islands, $150; Fanning Island, $207; South
Africa. $380. The leading exports were as fol
lows: <. ' . .
T<-» Honolulu— 150 bbls flour, 26S5 gals 15 cs
wine. Ill) bbls bottle beer, 40 cs whisky, 10
cs liquors, 0 cs brandy. 7 cs spirits, j17 ca
canned goods, 20 cs mineral ¦ water, 363 pl;?s
groceries and provisions, 6872 lbs 20 cs meals,
452 lbs candy. 1354 lbs nuts.. J 200 lbs cofTee,
5SS8 lbs 5 cs bread. 2401 lbs cheese, 2601 lbs
ham and bacon. 9S77 lbs sugar, CM Vot dried
fruit. 15,845 lbs butter, 5fMX) lbs codfish,' 1.131
pkgs fresh fruit, 113 pkgs fresh v?gnables,
1159 pkgs potatoes. 3253 lbs 5 cs Jresse-1 poul
try. 450 lbs bean?, 0000. lbs salt. 13,700 lbs
rice, 18 pkgs fresh oysters. 4780 lbs fresh meat,"
S100 lbs lard. 5281 lbs fresh fish. 2922 iba dried
fish. 40.320 lbs malt, 76 cs eggs, 50 pkgs palnta
and oils, 148 pkgs dry goods. 28 pkga rubber
good?. 106 cs boots and shoes. 40 pkgs electrical
supplies. 174 pkgs drugs and medicines, »;<", <•<,
soap. CO cs hats and caps 383 bar* 64 likgs
steel, 153 pkgs paper, 20 pkgs - machinery.
2067 IBs tallow, 41 cs arms and ammunition.
17 pkgs railroad material. 31 pkga locomotive
parts, 43 braes tubes. 52 pes pipe, 10» colls
wire, 20.829 lbs 20 cs manufactured tobacco.
33 . bdls leather. 128 bars. 12 ' bdls Iron. 2311
lbs soda. 2 bdls bags. .
, To Samoan Islands — 14 bbls flour, 106 cj
canned goods, 800 lbs dried- fruit. 377" gals
wine. 3692 lbs 105 pkg« groceries and
provisions, 7'.1S lbs bread, 17 pkgs potatoes and
onions. 6 bb'ls beer, 050 lbs mlllstuffs,- 298' lbs
coffee' 36* cs*canned ralinon. 20 pkgs rait
salmon. 161 pes 17 bdls mlllwork, 18 cs boots
nnd shoes. <3 cs arms and ammunition, 7 ; pic^s
dry coode. . . . .'>' ¦
To New. Zealand — 43,010 lbs raisins, 1.1.215
lbs dried fruit. - 38.900 lbs 14 cs meals, 75."> cs
canned goods, 1000 Ib« codfish, 2S50 lbs coffee,
100 cs eggs. 10 cs bottled beer. .45 cs . arms
and ¦ ammunition. 5 bales overalls. 162 pkgs
metal polish.- 16 ,ca plows, 61 bales 127 • rolls
newspaper. 8 cs electrical supplies, 600 sks
planter, 0 pkgs machinery. 23 .pkgs drug*. and
sundries. 91 pkgs sewing machines, . 13 cs cor
sets 70 cs boots and shoes, 25 pkgs • wagon
material, 6 a leather.
To Australia — 61,011 lbs coffee, 16.425 lbs
dried fruit, 1S0O lbs meals, ¦ C2-cs assorted
canned goods. 148 cs canned salmon, 2000 lbs
candy, 2330 lbs candy. 4S,377^ft < lumber, * 22
pUgs leather. 64 cs boots and ; shoes, -13 pkga
«ewlng machines. 78 rolls newspaper, 10 cs
arms and ammunition. . 28 pkgs electrical sup
plies/- 7 pkgs dry goods, 20 cs-axle grease, J50
roll* roofing,- 040 doom, 727 pkgs metal polish,
25 cs plows, 31 pkgs machinery, 08 cs. drugs'
Wants to Be Principal. \
Arthur D. Tenney. principal of the
Ventura High School, and Charles H.
Ham, teacher of English in the Poly
technic High School, have filed formal
applications for the principalship of
the Girls' -High School, which is soon
to be relinquished by Elisha Brooks.
Scenic Treasures of California. Most
c "triplet <» souvenir book ever issued.
Pric*> 7»c. "Mexican Hand Carved Sta
tionery." TOf per box. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., T41 Market st. •
Overdue Baric Arrives.
The Italian bark Gaetano Casabona. which
has been on the overdue list for some time
and was quoted for reinsurance at 15 per
cent, arrived yesterday at Sydney. 1C2 days
from New York. . ¦
Brings Coal Front Australia.
The American ship W. H. Smith arrived
yesterday. 84 days from Newcastle, Australia.
She brought 2418 tons of coal.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping: Merchants.
The barkentlr.e Addenda -is chartered for
lumber from Coos Bay to Lyttleton, New
Zealand, <>t 37s (id and not as previously re
ported.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. ' From. I Due.
Montara Seattle Apr. 10
Mongolia Norfolk Apr. lt>
Mackinaw.... Taeoma Apr. 10
! North Fork. . . Humboldt Apr. 1C
' Eureka Humboldt Apr. 1H
j I'omo Pt. Arena & Albion.. Apr. 16
I Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Apr. 1«
Amasis ' Seattle Apr. 17
Gaelic........ China &, Japan..... ... Apr. 17
W. H. Kruger Grayg Harbor Apr. 17
Centralla.. ... San Pednr Apr. 17
Spokane Humboldt Apr. 17
Edith. ...... . • Tacoma Apr. IS
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Apr. 18
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Apr. IS
S. Monica Grays Harbor Apr. IS
Wyefleld:..... Nanaimo Apr. *9
Alameda...... Honolulu .....Apr. 19
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Apr. 10
Argo ,. Eel River Ports Apr. 10
Elizabeth Coqullle River Apr. 10
Pomona...... Humboldt '.. Apr. 20
Hermor.tt-.is... Hamburg & Way ..... Apr. 20
City Panama. New York via Panama. Apr. 20
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul. . Apr. 20
S. Barbara Seattle & Olympla...:. Apr. 21
Sequoia...... Willapa' Harbor ....... Apr. 21
Santa Rosa... Saa Diego & Way Pts. Apr. 21
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Apr. .21
Point Arena. . Mendocino & Pt. Arena Apr. 21
Newliurg Grays Harbor "1 .. Apr. 21
Cortnar.o.,... Grays Harbor Apr. 21
Senator Puget Sound Torts.... Apr. 21
Santa Crux... San Pedro & Way Pts. Apr. 22
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 22
Bee Grays ! Harbor Apr. 2:*
Amer. Maru.- Yokohama '. . Apr. 23
G L.nCan*r. . Grays Harbor Apr. 23
Oregon Portland & Astoria. ... Apr. 24
Sierra.:. Sydney & Way Ports. Apr. 25
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports.... | Apr. 26
' -... .'•... TO SAIL. *
Steamer. -' Destination. ¦ I Sails. Pier.
April 16. ! ~"~~~
Arcata.... Coos B. & Pt. Orfd|10 am Pier 13
Alliance...' , Eureka & Coos.B.jll am Pier 10
Czarina Coos Bay direct. ... 12 ,m Pier 8
Pt. Arena.. Point- Arena...... . 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 8
Korea...'.. China & Japan...-. 1 pm Pier 40
City Para.. N. Y. via 12 m Pier 40
. April 17. .. '
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. B pm Pier 20
W.H.Krugei Los Angeles Ports. 5 pm Pier 2
Centralla... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Arctic Humboldt :..,.. Pier 2
S. Rosa.... San Diego &. Way. it am Pier 11
S. Cruz Pan Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Oregon.... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
• April 18. - .,.'}/
Porno...... Pt.' Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
S. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 12- ro Pier 2
Eureka.... Humboldt ......... 12' m Pier 13
• v April 19. j
North Fork. Humboldt .........15 pm Pier 20
Spokane... Humboldt il:30pPler 9
S. Pedro.... Humboldt .'...;.... 12 m Pier .2
: April 20. ' -
Umatilla... CoquiUe River..... 5 pm Pier 20
Amasis...: Hamburg & Way. 12 m Pier 10
April 21. *
S.Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pmJPlcr 2
Argo.'.'.' . . . . Eel ' Rfver : Ports . . . 4 pm Pier 2
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River.... 5 pm Pier 20
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
rjnlta..... Newport k Way.: 9. am Pier 11
• . ¦- , ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦. ' April 22.
G. "W. Elder 'Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24 ,
. :- April 23. •• . .., I .
San Jose.'/. NV.Y. via Panama 12 mlPftr 40
Alameda... Honolulu .......... 11. am Pier ,'7
Mariposa... Tahiti "direct .'.'..¦. 11 am Pier 7
April 24. , - : • ¦
Sequoia..'.. Willapa Harbor. ... 4pmlPicr-2
. . April 25. I - *
Senator... 1 ; Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
• j : : --'April 26. '•¦•¦.--,-"•.- "|.-','-. J •
Gaelic;...!. China & Japan:... lpm|Pier 40
:.,-;;•;• FROM: SEATTLE. •- ' '
Steamer.' <1 .'¦'..-?:- "'I "For..; :' ; _ -V;: /: I sails.,.
Bertha...;... -Valdez & .Way Ports.. I Apr. 19
Farallon .'-...'• Skagway & Way Ports. I Apr. 19
City Seattle., fikagway & 'Way: Ports. Apr. 20
Cottage City.. 1 Skagway &'¦ Way 'Ports. Apr. 28
Korea Sails To-Day.
The Pacific Mail Company's liner Korea sails
to-day for the Far East. She will carry HO
passengers and about 0000 tons of freight.
Owing to the fact that the Ventura left here
Thursday night, the Korea's list of passen
gers for Honolulu was lighter than usual.
The Korea's cargo Includes about 600 tons of
stuff' for the Japanese Government. Among
this are a number of railroad cars and 1000
steel rails.
Blorements of Steamers.
Coos Bay to Be an Oil Burner.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
et earner Coos Bay Is at the Rtsdon Iron Work*
being converted Into an oil burner. Although
the company owns coal mines they believe the
saving In labor and fuel will Justify their
burning oil and If the Coos Buy proves a suc
cess the balance of the fleet will be similarly
eaulppc-d.
Notice to Mariners.
(Captain J; N. Ross of the steamer San
Mnteo reports to the ' Branch Hydrographic
Office that on April 0, at 8 a. m., be passed
a very large . tree, about, sixty feet long and
four feet In diameter, surmounted by a large
bunch of roct* and branches of trees, between
Point Jefferson and . Apple Cove, in Puget
Sound. The tree looks like a small wreck at
a distance and the captain considers it very
dangerous to navigation, i ' t
Captain Ross also reports a buoy adrift.
April Si. 3>.i miles N. N. W. % W. from West
Point Light.' Pugct Sound.
J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
The Oceanic Steamship* Company's
liner Mariposa, Captain Rennie. arrived
yesterday from Tahiti with twenty
eight passenger? and nearly 600 tons of
cargo. She made the run from Papeete
fn eleven days and nineteen hours.
Most of the passengers had been to (he
South Seas in search of health and re
laxation from business, and none
looked as if the trip had been made in
vain. Among the passengers was L. M.
Thornton, an 'employe of the British
Government in India, who is returning
to England on a six- months' leave of
absence. J. C. Buckingham, another
passenger, is one of the most Invet
erate globe-trotters that ever stretched
himself in a steamer chair. He has
been traveling for the last twenty years
and in that time has- visited, literally,
ail the ends of the earth. In all his
wanderings, he gays, the journey he en
joyed best was the voyage Just ended.
Rev. G. Dowling of Los Angeles was
another passenger. With his daughter,
he made the round trip on the Mari
posa.
Seymour R. Church of this city, who
was a passenger on the Mariposa from
here and who is spending several
months at Papeete, created great ex
citement among the islanders with the
aid of a phonograph. He took with
him several hundred records of all
sorts of sounds, ranging from the sing
ing of Melha to the barking of the
Cliff House seals. Attached to the
phonograph was a megaphone of heroic
dimensions, which magnified the sound
to a great volume. Every evening after
dinner during the Mariposa's stay at
the South Sea port Church mounted
the bridge deck, pointed his megaphone
shoreward and turned loose the phon
ograph. The natives flocked to the
liner's side from all parts of the isl
and, and from 7:30 o'clock until mid
night the M.ariposa'8 quartermasters
were kept busy holding back the dusky
populace.
Governor Cor readjusted the execu
tive dinner hour so that he could at
tend, the Church concerts. As news of
the Mariposa's cargo of song traveled
through the island the nightly audience
Increased, and so infatuated did
Church become with this novel sport
that he hired a wagon and the day the
Mariposa sailed started on a tour of
the Island, with the Intention of exer
cising his megaphoned phonograph
wherever he could find natives to listen.
The Mariposa's cargo Included 47,847
cocoanuts, vanllJa, fruit, pearl shells,
copr4 and other tropical products.
Among her passengers were the follow
ing named:
I... M. Ih'tmtoa. Mrs. L. Schmidt. Miss I.
Gallagher. JMmond Fia, J. C. Buckingham. J.
I-. Younx. "Rev. a. Dowllng. Sydney Morgan.
MrF. G. L. Kennedy. Miss L. Dowling, F. A.
Robblrf ard tvtfe. B. L. Smith. G. Hia and
*/>n Mr.«. N. Dutemplc G. Salliard, Mrs. ' R.
Maton. rt. Mason, II. J. gheffleld, J. Klrch
o?er. L. Xavler.
- ¦ ?
l-etrcl Kcturns From Panama.
The United States cunboat Petrel, 'which
left h'-re December 17 for the Isthmus of
Paratsa. returned yesterday and is anchored
off Waahington-ntrect wharf. The Petrel left
F'&narza Marcl'. 23 and had an uneventful trip
along the coast. When she left Panama the
Boston. Iiennlngton. Concord and the flagship
New York weie at Callao. The Martilchead.
Wyoming and tht destroyer* Paul Jones and
Prtble remained at the isthmus.
Shortly U-foro the Petrel called the squadron
enitajred in rccoi-d target practice with very
successful result*. The Petrel's gunners made
a splendid shewing, which drew forth the sig
naled congratulation of the commander In
Lieutenant Commander Benjamin Tappan is
In command of the Petrel. Th» other officers
are as follows: Lieutenant C. C. Pewd.
executive officer; Lieutenant C F. Snow,
ecnior rnpineer officer: Lieutenant William P.
C'ronaa navigator and ordnance officer. . Mfd
*hli>men J. S. Abbott and George T. Brown.
Surgton ' Cnarlrw II. dc La'ncy and Paymaster
James F. Kutz." • • <
The Petrel, il Is expected, will be ordered
on a cruise In Alaskan waters.
Captain H. Z. Howard., euperlntendent of the
Oceanic Steamship Company, ' will ¦ Investigate
Tribute to Howard's Integrity.
and place th* responsibility^ for the running
<1cwn and sinking of the Crowley launch Spy
by one of the big launches belonging to the
W. &. Boole & Sons Co. The United States
Inspectors were asked to make the investiga
tion, but refused, as neither boat Is of suffi
cient tonnace to bring lt under their Jurisdic
tion. Captain Howard was selected at the
request of Thomas Crowley, the owner of the
£p<- Captain Howard is interested In the
Boole company. If he decides in favor of the
Spy part of the damages assessed against the
Boole launch irl!l come out of Captain How
ard's pocket. Crowley was informed of Cap
tain Howard's interest in -whatever verdict he
might render, hut expressed himself as being
well satisfied that a Just decision would be
given by Captain Howard, whose reputation
for integrity is a byword among shipping
men.
and sundries, IS pkgg* rubber goods, 4 bales
rubber hose, 72 cs paints, 5 pkgs wagon ma
terial.
To Fiji Islands — S.-pkgs groceries and pro
visions. 3 cs , canned" eoods. ' - ;
To Fanning .Island — 27 cs canned goods. 8
pk*s groceries -and provisions. 3 cs dry goods.
To South Africa — 100 cs canned salmon. .
San I^rancisco Protective Association
Plans to I->tnl>li-h Fire Alarm
System in Tlxis City.
An important franchise was granted
Inst night by the Board of Electricity,
sitting in the rooms of the Police Com
mission. The San Francisco Electric
Protective Company was granted the
right to connect a private fire alarm
JA-Rtem With the municipal fire alarm
Mation in Brenham place.
The new company, which is an ad
junct of the burglar alarm system lo
cated at 230 Montgomery street, plans
to provide business houses and build
ings with fire alarm boxes. The alarm
Irom these boxes goes first to the
protective alarm company's office
*:!d thence to the city fire alarm sta-
The officers of the new company
Ere: Captain Harry Goodall. president;
Robert Pinkerton. vice president; H
<•- Phillips, secretary and general su
perintendent; John S. Seymour, gen
eral manager.
The new company will give the city
twenty-five alarm boxes, to be placed
in schools and public buildings, in re
turn for the franchise.
The American District Telegraph
Company will make a similar applica
tion for a franchise at the next regular
meeting of the board.
A measure was adopted by the
board providing for the establishment
cf police boxes throughout the park.
Kach patrolman will be required to
ring: in a stated number of boxes each
r.irht. ,
UNITED STATES GUNBOAT PETREL. WHICH RETURNED TO THIS PORT YESTERDAY .FROM PANAMA. WHERE SHE
HAS BEEN* STATIONED SINCE LAST DECEMBER. THE TRIM LITTLE WARSHIP WILL PROBABLY BE NEXT OR
DERED ON A CRUISE IN* ALASKAN WATERS.
Shipping Intelligence.
' y
Friday. April 15.
U S stmr . Petrel, Tappan, 12 days from
Acapulco. .
U S ftmr Sheridan, Peabody, 31 days from
Manila, \»'a Nagasaki 24 days, via Honolulu 8
days.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, ."iU hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Scotia. .Johnson, 12 hours from Bo wens
Landing.
Stmr National City. Hammer, 16 hour* from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Mariposa, Rennie, 11 days and 19 hours
from Tahiti.
• Stmr San Pedro, Rasmussen, 28 hours from
Eureka. ' • •., ,
•fitmr Signal, Bendegard, • "0 hours . from
Coos Bay. . , .
Stmr Noyo," Johnson/ 28 hours from Eureka.
Ship AV H Smith, Ellis. >84 days from New
castle, AU9. • •
Br shin Doona . Francisca, Simon, 129 days
from Liverpool. '
CLEARED
. . Friday. April 15.
> Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Pacific Coast Steamship Company. - -
Ship Oriental. Wilson, Bristol Bay; North
Alaska Salmon Ccmnany. 5
Ger' Fhfp Nal, Schultz, Portland;- W R
Grace & Co. . .
Ship Lucile. Anderson, Bristol Bay; Red
Salmon Canning Company.
Bark Coalings. Gunderson, Bristol Bay;
Alaska Packers' Association.
SAILED.
Friday, April 15.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria and
Port Townsend. ¦ ; . ;•
Stmr Alcazar, Johnson. Greenwood.
-Stmr Arjro. Dunham, Eel River.
Stmr Olnsy. Lt land. • Santa Cruz.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen. Seattle. ¦. - .
Ship SlntranC Johnson, Bristol -Bay.
Bark Isaac Reed, Lorenz, Bristol Bay.
I :ktn Addenda, Astrup, Coos Cay.
Schr Virclnia, Nelson, Portland.
Tug Sea Roveri Thompson, • San Pedro.
SPOKEN
April 2— Lat 36 north, long 40 west, Fr bark
General Foy, hence Dec 20 for Belle Island,
France.
Jan 28, per Br fhlp Donna Francisca — Lat
.".s south, long 50 west, Br .ship Rajore, from
Newcastle, ¦ Enr, for Oregon.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April \ 15, 10 p m— Weather
cloi:dy; wind south: velocity 10 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 14 — Stmr Asun
cion, hence April 11. April 15-«-Stmr Newport,
from Valdez; stmr Jeanle, he.ice April 10.
Sailed April 15 — Shin America, for i Nu
shacak.
TATOOSH — Passed in April 15 — Stmr
Shasta, hence April 12 for Fairhaven.
' Passed out April 15 — Br.stmr Wyefleld, from
Xanalmo, for San Francisco; stmr Edith, from
Taroma, for San Francisco. * ~
Passed April 15 — Schr Blakeley, hence April
10 for - Port Blakeley; bktn Amaranth, from
Tacoma,' for Sydney.
Passed in April- 15—-Stmr Chas Nelson, from
Eureka, for Seattle; ship Glory of the Seas,
¦hence 'April. 11, for Comox. «
Passed out- April 15— Ship" Chas E Moody,
from Anacortes, for Hog-clung.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed April 14—Schr'Phlllp
plne,'for Tacoma: schr A F Coats, for San
Diego. Aoril 15 — Schr H D Bend Ix9?n, for
Seattle. ... 0
Arrived Aorll 15 — U . S stmr Madrone, from
San Fiancisco. ¦ „ ; • -
. : ASTORIA-^Arrived April 15— Stmr Whittier.
hence Aoril 12. .- .' • , -.
Arrived ADril » 15— Schr. Andy Mahoney,
hence April 2; schr Sophie Christenson, hence
April 6.- - . «- .
-SOUTH BEND— Arrived April 15— Schr Vol
unteer/ hence ADril 8. . .\ ,_ :•
BELLINGHAM— Sailed April 15— Br bark
Holy wood, for Mflbourne. ¦ V
EUREKA— Sailed April 15 — Stmr .Pasadena,
for San Francisco. • . '
• ABJORDEEN— Sailed - April 15— Stmr W H
Kruger, for Redondo. .- ¦
TACOMA— Sailed April 15 — Stmr Mineola;
for . San Francisca: schr Robert R Hinds, j for
San Francisco. - ' ¦ - • ¦¦¦•¦¦
'.SAN. DIEGO— Arrived April 1»— U S «tmr
Mohican, hence March 30.' • ¦
Sailed April- 15 — Schr. Fearless, for. Fair
haven;' schr Oceania Vance.- for Port Town
r PORT ' TOWNSEND— Arrived April -'15— Fr
bark Marjruerite Dolfus, from Hull."
COOS BAY — Arrived < April 15 — Bktn Tam
O'Shanter, hence April. 8; schr -Viking-, hence
April 4. " • : ¦ / .
POINT LOBOS— Passed south April 15, 6
p>m — Stmr. Newsboy.: from Eureka, for .
. ISLAND PORTS.'
: HONOLULU— Arrived April 15-^Bktn S N
Castle, hence . ADril- 2.. ¦ '-*"J;
-MANILA— Arrived 'April 14— Bktn John
Palmtr. from Port Blakeley. ¦ ..
+l'#'v- '¦-'¦' ¦ FOREIGN PORTS. '-'; T-tl
BUENOS. AYRES— Arrived, April 8— Ger
stmr Eva. from Port ¦ Blakeley.'. ' *.
- BAHIA— Sailed April 4— Stmr Pennsylvania,
for Delaware^ Breakwater.' . -
FALMOUTH— Arrived April 14— Fr bark
Montcalm. from Oregon. ' -..-£ ¦-», -. •
CARR1ZAL— Arrived March 3— Chil bark
Antonietta, from Olymnla: ,
V ALP ARAISO-^Arrived March 1*—Ger fctmr
Neko. 1 - from Hamburg. - *
VENTNOR— Passed* April 13-^-Br ship Pol
talloch.' from 'Antwerp, for San Francisco. -
¦COLON — Arrived -April ''12 — Stmr' Yucatan,
from New York. . ¦: ¦...'.• \ - '
¦Sailed' April' 13 — Stmr Allianca, for New
SYDNEY — Arrived prior to April 15-^Br ship
William; THlle.- hence "> Feb i 8. April- lS-^Ital
bark Gaetano Canabona." from New Tork.
¦ QUEENSTOWN — Arrived .April 15— Br ship
Forrest Hall, hence Dec 10. £ April ' 14— Fr bark
Jules Gommee, hence Dec 24.^. ;¦-; ¦¦ -¦¦¦¦¦¦• < -.-. .
EAST LONDON — Arrived April 14— Chll
bktn Alta. : from: Melbourne. :- >
TAHITI— Arrived Fcb 2S — Fr cruiser Protet,
from Callao.' " ' > •• . -- •'.¦_'¦
...Salted .'March .7 — Fr cruiser. Protet, lor. Nou
¦ -. MANZANILLO-j-Sailed; April' 13, , not^ April
6— Stmr; Mongolia,' for San ; Francisco- ' ¦' . - - >¦
IXECTRICTTY BOARD GRANTS
FRANCHISE TO NEW CO3IPANY
necessitated a temporary discontinuance of the
service. Further notice will be given when
It Jb put in order. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
The transport Sheridan arrived yester
day, bringing the Eleventh Cavalry and
many veterans of Philippine fame, who
can now settle down here and "buy a gas
range from S. F. Gas and Electric Co.,
415 Post st. - - •
United States Circuit Judjre W. W.
Morrow has been appointed represent
ative for the Pacific Coast of the Navy
Relief Society, which has been organ
ized and incorporated in Washington,
D. C, for the purpose of affording re
lief to the widows and orphans of de
ceased officers, sailors and marines of
the United States navy. It is the in
tention of the incorporators to organize
branches in every State and Territory
cf the Union to assist in -carrying on
the good work. At an early date Judge
Morrow will take steps toward organ
izing a branch in this city. This will
b? the first society on record that in
cludes within its objects the enlisted
n:en of the navy and the marine forces.
Mrs. Grace Glenwood Higgtnson. wife
cf Admiral Hipginson. is president and
Charles H. Darling is corresponding
secretary. Among the honorary vice
presidents are President Roosevelt.
William H. Moody, Charles H. Darling.
Whitelaw Reid, Senators Hale and
Fcnrose and Juflge Morrow.
The funds of the society will be fur
nished from the dues and donations
from private persons. There will be a
life membership fee of $25, dues J'> per
annum and a membership fee of $1.
All th° funds -wil: t>e devoted to the re
lief of the widows and orphans of of
ficers and enlisted men in the United
States navy.
In speaking of the society Judge
Morrow said yesterday:
"*A large proportion of officers and
enlisted men die in the navy leaving
families without any support except
perhaps a small pension. There is no
one to look after the children, to send
them to school, etc. These things the
society proposes to look after."
The new organization will be to the
widows and orphans of the navy what
the Red Cross Society has become to
the sick and wounded on the field of
battle, end it is destined to become
very popular.
BERLIN, April 15.— In the Reichstag
to-day Count ¦: von Kanitz, the Agra
rian leadpr, referring-to ;the report of
Foreign Secretary^ von .Richthoff, on
the prop-ess . the commercial treaty,
negotiations, asked how matters stand
with the United' States!. The latter, he
added," had a heavy active balance of
trade, which'"' substantially is to the
detriment of Germany. The greatest
wealth jkji accumulated, in the United
States ; at the.cost of the entire world.
If new- commercial treaties must be
made, then let it be with the United
States above all..
. This agreed, Count von Kanitz
claimed; with what* Chancellor yon
Bulow • formerly said. Nevertheless,
nothing . whatever had been heard in
dicating that treaty negotiations with
the United States has been com
menced.. .Von Kanitz expressed special
pleasure, at' the fact that- the com
mercial classes were beginning to see
'that the present status of trade rela
tions'; with the United States, cannot
boi continued. He cited the yearly re
port of the Hamburg Chamber of Com
merce, proposing that if the United
Slates does not conclude a tariff treaty
with Germany, American goods must
be tariffed differentially. Continuing,
Count von Kanitz said:*T
"We must at least try to conclude
a reciprocity arrangement mutually
advantageous with the United States.
America's reckless provocatory tariff
policy must be radically changed."
NEW YORK. April 13.— Bradstreet's
to-morrow will say: Trade 1s still ir-,
regular, with unseasonable cool weath
er the chief and the, only drawback,
in some sections, notably the South
and portions of the East and West,
brighter weather has helped trade and
incidentally crop prospects, but the
poor winter wheat crop outlook In the
Ohio Valley, very cool weather in the
lake region and high water or frosts
in the Western part of the cotton belt
have affected business or retarded
spring planting. Foreign trade returns
have seemed to favor the manufactur
ing rather than the agricultural inter
ests. ¦ «¦ :: . f /
Most measures of trade point to . a
smaller volume of business than a year
ago, but it is' to* be noted'that, while
a slight decrease may be shown in
gross railway earnings for March, the
first quarter's earnings will fall little
behind ! a year ago, showing that in
of products moved there is lit
tle difference from a year ago, and
that the railroads have so far this year
almost held their own.
The industrial situation .has .not been
entirely favorable. Iron" and steel, coal,
coke, lumber and naval stores inter
ests note either activity in production
and consumption or improved demand
from various sources, but the cotton
goods industry is curtailing production
steadily; there is less activity irrshoe
manufacturing, due to severe f winter
weather, curtailing demand- or divert
ing it to rubber goods, which have been
active, and the building and other in
dustries are marred by labor troubles
which, while not involving large num
bers of men, result in annoying and
expensive delays. The woolen . goods
demand is not up to expectations. The
strength of a large number of staples,
such as hides, leather, iron and steel,
cheese, tea, flour, copper and lead, is
a noticeable feature.
MARKETS ENCOURAGING.
While spring trade has been disap
pointing in many lines and immediate
business is not up to expectations, the
number of markets reporting -good or
ders for future delivery is large. Col
lections show little or no improvement.
-Iron is rather quieter this week, less
eagerness to obtain supplies of pig be
ing noted at several markets.-
] .Wheat (including flour) exports for
the week ending April 14 aggregate
1,213^55 bushels, against 1,854,370
bushels last week and 2,977,777
bushels last year.
From July 1. 1903, to date they ag
gregate 119.050.S59 bushels, against
179,762,553 bushels last season.
Business failures in the United
States for the week ending with April
14 numbered 198 against 201 last
week and 130 in the like week in 1903.
In Canada failures for the week
number 20, as against 24 last week
and 18 in this Week a year ago.
R. G. Dun & Co.'s Weekly Review of
Trade to-morrow will say:
ADVERSE LiABOR CONDITIONS.
¦ ; Tardy spring weather, following an
unusually severe winter, makes it dif
ficult to restore satisfactory trade con
ditions, but it is encouraging to
find at many points this unseasonable
weather' the only, cause of complaint,
and there is. always, hope that the early
losses may be made up, at least in
large measure, when the normal con
ditions arrive. In the meantime sales
of dry goods are restricted and stocks
in all positions from producer to con
sumer are larger than is desirable.
Aside from the cotton States, where
business is brisk, the week's dispatches
indicate that early gains were main
tained, but little further, progress oc
curred. Labor controversies are still
an adverse factor. ¦
' Railroad earnings in the first week
of April were 7 per cent smaller than
last year.
No definite check to progress In the
iron and steel industry is 'discerned, al
though it lacks . uniformity and in
some departments it is flifficult to find
encouragement.
Firmness and activity continue in
the Chicago hide market and foreign
dry hides are held steady by the
prompt absorption of arrivals.
. Failures this week number 225 in
the, United States, against 2>2 last
year, .and 16 in Canada, compared
with 16 a year ago. '.:../¦'.
Agrarian' Leader Would at
Least Form a Reciprocal
. Agreement With America
Families of Deceased Blue
jackets Will Be Taken in
Charge by Humane People
Coal, Steel and Lumber
Are Active, but Cotton
Goods- Production Is Slow
CEITICIZES THE TARIFF
TEADE VOLUME SMALLER
. . ¦ .. - ? —
Count von Kanitz Urges
Negotiation of New Treaty
With the United. States
— •—- ~
Winter Wheat and- Sparing;
Planting- Are Backward
on Account of the Cold
Seymour R. Church bf This City. Turns Loose Talking Machine
on the Balmy Air of Tropical Island and Has Nightly Audi
ence Which Increases in Numbers With Every Performance
Auxiliary Society to Be Or-i
ganized Here to Aid in a j
Very Benevolent Work
TO CAKE FOB CHILDHEX
NAVY ORPHANS
TO BE HELPED
COOL WEATHER
A DRAWBACK
GERMANS TALK
OF RETALIATION
MARIPOSA PASSENGER STIRS NATIVES
OF TAHITI WITH NOISY PHONOGRAPH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, .APRIL 1G, : 1904.
7
j ADVEBTISEB1ENTS. l
soap responds to water in-
• stantly; washes and rinses
, off in a 'twinkling.
It is'the finest toilet soap
in all the world.
*.'*¦¦ -'"^ * - . Establi* ned orgr loo years.
I /ft £>TTHJr\yi fk To 8ta ' Cured. Causa r«-
I /l^ 1 g Vi /j rnoveci. Health restored.
! '^ V^ ¦ ¦ ¦ • T ¦ *"* No more Asthma, or H«jr
! _^ Kerer. Kcr.k »>0 Fre».
l>Ul\tl/ P.'haROLD HATE3,
r'- : ;^\f0CEAlI TKAVEL.
i n ™-^ n -"- r^"-™-™-~ -*- -* ' -.-Ti.-- .-^ ¦!¦¦¦ I.-, -i.-i-it.
I^^J5T^Vw Steamers leave Broadwar
/gAis^COv wharves, Piers 9 and 11,
i i'Ta!^^ San Francisco.
/ft/ f&y %» \**\ for KftchiKan, Wranjel.
I I XlKva 1 I Ju>",eau. Haines, Skagway,
tl I \%M& ' etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Apr.
, \tJ>\ \T TW/"13. 20. 25. SO. ,May 3. Ch.i.-«j
!." -^V/ tra Comi>any's steamers at
X^JgyJW/ Seattle^
-^ - For Victoria. Vancouver.
J "Port Townsend. Seattle, Taeoma, Everett. B«I-
31cgham — 11 a. m.. Apr. 13. 20, 25, 30, May 3.
i Charge at. Seattle to this . company's stsam*rs
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to. C. P. Ry.
For, Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. i:S0
p. m.. Apr. 16. 22, 2S, May 4. Epokaise. 1:30
p. m., Anr. 19. 25. May 1. ¦ .
For Lo9 Angeles (via Port Los Angelea and
Redondo). San- Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa, Snndays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Anseles (via San Pedro and East
Ran Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crua. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayuco*. Port Harford (San
Luis Obisr>o>. Ventura and Huenetne.
Santa Cruz. » a. m.. Apr. 10. fFreljjht only.)
Bonita. !> a. m.. Apr. 21. 29. May 7.
For Kns-enada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. * Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Hc-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. rr>.., 7th of each)
month, i For further Information obtain foldsr.
RiRht is reserved to change steamers or saillns
dates.
TICXET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. <Palao> Hotel). 1O Market *t. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight OfSce, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUXANN, General Passenger Agent.
. 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Sutter St., will
call for and check baxcage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
. AMERICAN LINE.
Plymouth — Cherbonrsr — Southampton.
Frcm New York, Saturdays. 9:30 a. m.
Philadelphia, ..Apr. 2:tiGerman'.c .....May 7
St. Louis Apr. 30iSt. Paul May 14
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT I.ICTE.
New Tork — London Direct.
Minneapolis ; April 2.1. noon
Mesaba April 30. :» a. m.
Minnetonka May 7. 11:30 a. m.
Mlnnehaha.' May 14, 4 p. m.
Only first-class passengers carried.
DOZIICTIOK I.IUE.
Portland — xaverpool-^-Short sea passage.
Kensington Apr, 30! Southwark May It
Dominion May. 7)Canada *. .May 21
HOLLAXID-AaiEBZCA LIITE.
Ifew Twin- Screw Steamers of 12.."»0O Tons.
New Tork — Rotterdam, Via Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
Xoordam Apr. 2»;i Rotterdam May 17
Potsdam May lOJRvndam . .' May 24
.'.: BED STAR LINE.
New Tork — Antwerp — Paris.
From New York./ Saturdays at 1O:3O a. m.
Zeeland Apr. 2::iVader!and .May T
Finland Apr. 3OlKroonland May 14
WHITE STAB LINE.
New Tork — Q.ueec 3town — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays. . ,
Majestic. Apr. 27. 1<> am Teutonic. Ma v 11. 10 am
Arabic Apr. 25, 5 pm; Celtic. ..Ma>l 13. 4 pm
Oceanic. May 4. » am>-Odric...May 1S>, 7 am
Boston — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Republic (new) April "0. June 9. July T
Cretlc May 5. June 2. June SO
Cymric May 19/ June 16. July 14
BOSTON MEDITERRANEAN SESVICE.'
Azores, Gibraltar, Naples, Genoa.
CANOPIC April 23. May 2S. July 3
ROMANIC:... ....May 14. June 13. Juiy 30
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St., San Francisco.
iM^AKIERS. MAR5EILU.S. GENOA?^ I
Ea MAPLES & ALEXANDRIA. ET.TPT.X&
CANOPIC Apr. 2T5, May 28, Juiy •»
ROMANIC... May 14. June 18. July 30
(Send for rates and illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest In the
Mediterranean service.
First class. $C5 upward.
Boston to Liverpool oa,£u.
REEUBLIC (new).. Apr. SO. June 9. Jaly 7
CRETIC May 5. June 2. June 50
CYMRIC... May 1!>. June IS. July 14
First class, 160 and S6j upward. accord-
Ing to steamer. For plans, etc.. address
C. D. TAYLOR. 21 Post St., Passenger
Agent Pacific Coast.
NOME
—AND—
ST. MICHAEL
THE Al FAST
S. S;ST.' PAUL
, CAPTAIN C. E. LHfDQCIST. .
(Carrying U. S. Mails.)
TROM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT.
JUNE i2 :~..2, F». /A.
. Connecting with the Company's Steamers for
All taring SEA POINTS. and at St.
Michael with ¦ the Company's River Steamer*
for Fairbanks and all points on KOYUKUK.
TANANA and YUKON RIVERS.
For Freight and Passage Apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.. X
&23 Crossley building. Cor. Mission and N«ir
Montgcmery sts., San Francisco.
J$amburg~&meriGan.
~ Semi-Weekly Twin Screw Service
FOR PLYMOUTH, CHEREOURG..HAMBURO.
TBS GREAT OCEAN FLYER.
S. S. Deutschland
«S6^4 ft. long — 23% knots average speed.
'" Sails'May 12. June 9. July. 7. Aug. 4. .
Belgravla ....April 1« Waldersee April 30
Columbia April 21 t'Moltke ....May 5
Pretoria .April 2U Bulgaria. ... May 7
t'Bluecher. ...'.April 2S' •Deutschland. ..May 13
*Has grill room and tgymnaslum on board.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN • LINE.
Offices. .15 and 37. Broadway. New York.
HERZOG & CO.. 401 CALIFORNIA ST.
O, R. & N. CO,
- OREGON sails April 7.-17. 27, May 7. IT
and 27. GEO..W. ELDER sails April 12. 22.
May^ 2. 12 and 22. Only steamship llae to
PORTLAND, OR., and short rail line from
Portland to- all points East. Through tickets
to- all .oolnts. Steamer tickets Include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear at., nz
II a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. - Pass.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery St.: C CLIFFORD. Oen..
Agent Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st. /
S S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Apr.! 23. Ha. nu
S?-B ALAMEDA; for Honolulu,- Apr. 23,11 a.m.
S S SIERRA, .for Honolulu. Samoa.. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thur*. May 5, 2 p. m..
J.D.SPEECKELS k BEOS. Ca,A2tS.,T]Ctei 03C8 543 Mar-
tet St., n?i2Ht OSes 329 Marist sl,' Pier 7, PaciSs sl
- C0ICP1Q3IE QSNEBAIiS THA53ATLAKTI5C3.
DIRECT LINE TO HA VRE- PARIS. .^f-»>»
¦ falling every "Thursday Instead of w5krjTJ?*)
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. "**"'?**¦ T
North River, foot of Morton »t."
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class 'to .Havre. $45 and • upward. : GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES* AND .
CAN'ADA,32 Broadway -(Hudson building*.
New- Tork.-' J F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery, avenue. San Franci.<co. .
Tickets : sold -. by all ' Railroad Ticket. Agtnts.
¦ Mare Island and ; Vallejo Steamers. -^
: = Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO^-
0'45 a. m., :;:13and S:30p. m.. except ;Sontlay:\
Sunday. V-& «• no.. 8:30 p." ra. Leave Valltjo
7. a m.; 12:30 and ?> p. ro.", ' except ' Sunday.
Sunday.*. 7. a. ro.-, 4:15 p. m. Fare,. 50 cents.
Tel Main '15C3. ' Pier 2, ili?3ioa-«c doci,
ilATCU BKOS RSBsfHHHI
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
The North Western-
Onion Pacific Excursions
¦ «!Tord tnusta! opportunities for. »n
eceacsiiAl »n<J »tiil»ctory Jouroe> to
ChicagorEast
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every. Wednesday,
. Thursday, Friday
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
Choice cf routes.
Fee f~! inforsaSc* tppljr to er *Aiz*»
R. R. RITCHIE, S. F. BOOTK,
•general Afr;. Gen I Agent Tm'r DepL.
Cbiutco 6: Ni.ru. ¦ w <r«-xrn Ry. Colon ¥kU>c R. R.
6 1 7 Msrket St. No. 1 Wont jomery Su
SAN FRANCISCO, CAU. It, looks now as if there would be a landslide, for
Parker in the Democratic Presidential convention", /and
then » a"! landslide for Roosevelt when the time comes for
thi^pebplc :-to vote, .
' Townsend's California Glace fruits and
choice candle*./ in artistic .fire-etched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends.
715 Market street, above Call building. •
"Well, you can't have that," respond
ed the Judge, kindly: Vbut you can 're
turn' next year, you know, after you
have done with it." — Chicago Tribune.
"I v/lsh I had last year back again,"
said the penitent prisoner, whom the
Judge had just sentenced to twelve
months in prison.
-'Captain .Hobson has just been defeated for ; Congress
in the v Sixth Alabama. District. 'Women don't vote in
that. Sta'te ; and -kisses are not; recognized ; as credentials
to office by the hard-hearted Southerners.
V. San '<¦ Francisco; voters are realizing the importance of
the;coming primaries and are registering with unpre
cedented,; activity, 32,744 citizens having r registered so
far, as against 6574 for the same period of time in 1902.
F. V. Coville, in the National Geo
graphic Magazine' for April (Washing
ton, O D. C). gives an interesting ac
count of how the Indians of the desert
obtain drinking water from the , barrel
cactus. It was among the desert hills
west* of Torres, Mexico. The Indian cut
the top .from a plant about five feet
high ./ and with a blunt stake ; of palo
,verde> pounded to a pulp. the upper, six
or* eight inches of white flesh in ?the
Btanding trunk.*, From this, handful by
handful, he squeezed the water into the
bowl' he -had" made -in the '-top of the
trunk^' thro wine: the discarded * pulp ori
th*e 'ground.. By this process he secured * Special information ; supplied daily, to
two ; or , three quarts , of .'I clear : water £ uslne 2.?, h ° U8 e» »nd public m«n b» iha
•UzhUv B alty and slightly bitter to tte 'SSSiSgS? Ufe^o^li^i??!^ 1 "
Water From Cactus.
HIGHEST GRADE — J. N.. Cltv.
The highest grade In the navy is that
of admiral. It Is especially created
by Congress' as a mark of appre
ciation for extraordinary service. The
rank becomes extinct upon the death
of the individual upon whom it was
conferred by Congress, and remains
so until again created. The rank was
first conferred ; on ; Farragut in 1 866.
then on Porter after Farragut's death
in\1870, and it became extinct in 1891.
It was .restored when George Dewey
was created admlraL - -
A Russian anarchist in St. Petersburg had an infernal
machine concealed in his trunk, which went off pre
maturely and; blew him up. He is certainly to be con
gratulated upon the eminently successful character of
his machine. .
SPANISH VESSELS — Subscriber.
Dutch Flat. Cal. According to Bras
sey's for 189S, Spain had before the
war with the. United States the fol
lowing named cruising barbette ships:
Almlrante Oquendo, Cardinal Cesneros,
Calabina, Infanta Maria Theresa, Prin
cessa de Aus tunas and Vizcaya and
the following named cruiser: Pedro de
Arragon.
A wrestling match to have taken place . between two
women in Victoria, B. C, was forbidden by the police.
Our British neighbors probably believe that while physi
cal culture in 'woman is commendable there is a point at
which man is.'justjfied in calling a halt for his own pro
tection. - \ :¦¦¦¦'¦-.-•: i
THE news of the destruction of the Russian battle
ship Petropavlovsk. which carried to the bottom
with it Vice Admiral Makaroff and a crew of 8oo
men, has stunned Russia and elicited the sympathies of
all the nations, whether they favor the; arms of the Czar
or not. ,This sudden snuffing out of the lives of hun
dreds of brave men, not through the. shock of battle,
but by the terrible agency "of their own engines, turned
against themselves,- has nothing- of the halo of a glorious
defeat after manful struggle, butis i the grim essence of
pure mischance.
VVhen the Japanese torpedo-boats stole into the harbor
of Port Arthur and dealt their terrible blows to the
Russian fleet on the-night of February 8, the world
could not but applaud their daring, even though part of
the world tempered this applause with y more. or. less
of commiseration for the loss to Russian, arms. When
the gallant crews of the cruiser Variag and the gun
boat Kor«itz sailed but of: Chemulpo harbor oil the same
day to meet certain destruction at the hands of the
overwhelming Japanese fleet, 7 admiration .'for the heroic"
which is the same the" world over, pulsed in generous
measure for the men who could say: "Tell them at home
that we did our best." But the; trusted vice admiral of
the Russian fleet and his hundreds' of men Who went
down on the ill-starred Petropavlovsk had . not^" the*
cHance to die fighting. \ \
Russia is 'down. The culmination to the chain of
disasters which has attended their^ ; fleet in the,- East
sinW'the" first' gun^ofj the /war- was* fired "has numbed
RUSSIAN DISASTERS.
HOMESTEAD LAWS— E. S., Niles.
Cal. This department has not the
space to publish the homestead laws
of the United States. Such can be
found in the "American Settlers'
Guide," to be obtained through any
first-class bookseller.
, ,A thrill of admiration is sent through every American
at" the exalted bravery of Chief Gunner's Mate Monson,
who saved the battleship Missouri and the lives of over
ooo.men'by jumping into an magazine and closing
the door behind him to keep the flames from the powder,
although he was nearly, drowned in consequence by the
flooding of the magazine. It is by acts like this that the
record of the American navy stands unblemished.
A Salt Lake baby' possessing the usual attraction chil
dren have for a varied diet swallowed a nail. The family
doctor, however, also had an attraction of his own in the
.shape of a magnet,;which he let down the infantile throat
"on a wire and removed the lunch.
FUNNEL MARKS— Two Subscribers,
City. The difference between the fun
nel marks of the North German Lloyd
and the White Star Line of trans-
Atlantic steamers is that the funnels
of^ the first named company are cream
colored and those of the latter, cream
with black top.
SELLING BY SAMPLE— G. R.. Pet
aluma/ Cal. A commercial traveler
who sells by sample, but does not him
self deliver the goods, is not a peddler
and is not required to take out a ped
dler's license. Courts have so held.
INTEREST— Subscriber, City. No
State of the Union has a lower legal
rate of interest than 5 per cent. The
highest is in Idaho, 10 per cent.
RUSSIAN EMPEROR— S. A. W..
City. The Emperor of Russia, Nicholas
II, was born May 18, 186S.
Ansivers to Queries.
There is only one creature that we
know of besides mankind which shows
Its appreciation of flowers and green
foliage by adorning its . home with
them, and that is the "gardener bird"
of New Guinea (Amblyornls inornatus),
a member of the family of bower birds
which are peculiar to the Australian
region, Including New Guinea. Some
naturalists place these bower birds
among the birds of paradise. The first
account of this singular appreciation
of floral, beauty by birds was given by
Signor Beccari, who says that they
build a hut about two feet in height,
with a central support of a small tree
growing in a- glade or clearing in the
dense forests. The roof, which slopes
to the ground, is composed of the stems
of the orchids placed in a radiating
fashion. In the interior, access to
'which is by an angular opening, the
central support is covered with moss in
the form of a cone, so that a circular
promenade is made between it and the
sloping roof. 'But the extraordinary
effort of this bird is evidenced outside
this playhouse, for in front is laid out,
with infinite care truly, a garden. Fresh
moss Is brought by the" diligent occu
pants, and a verdant carpet, extending
about six feet, is first prepared, on
which are laid blossoms and berries of
every variety in profusion to delight
the eyes. As these wither or become
unsightly they are removed and laid
in a heap at the back of the hut, pre
sumably out of sight of these ultra
refined little birds, and upon the mossy
lawn are - placed continually fresh
blooms. As far as is known each of
these habitations Is occupied only by
one pair of birds, and it is not certain
whether the tasteful decorations are
arranged by the male only; it would be
pleasant to think that it was so — that
all this refined effort was but to show
his devotion and to make some little
reparation for his lack of beauty and
dingy appearance.— Westminster Ga
zette.
A Gardening Bird.
An Americanized Russian has pat
ented a new process of embalming,
which consists in casting a solid block
of glass around the subject to be pre
served, through which the features and
outlines of the body will be perfectly
visible. As no air can possibly enter,
the .remains are- expected to .-.last in
definitely, till some shock destroys the
crystal block which encases them like
so many files in amber. The inventor
hopes that the relics of great men will
be preserved in this way, remaining
to af tertime In their habit as they
lived, with vast mausoleums in which
to place them, entrance to which will
be deemed an honor like that of burial
in, Westminster or Santa Croce. The
mechanical process by which all this
is to be made possible, and on which
the Government has issued a patent. Is
quite simple. The remains are first
surrounded - with a coating of sodium
silicate, or water glass, which is al
lowed to dry. When the water has
been sufficiently evaporated, the sub
ject is • placed in a mold which is to
determine the size of the glass block,
and molten glass is poured In till It is
filled.
Hermetically Sealed.
The journalist surveyed his destroyed
property for a moment and then re
marked: !'My friend, I do not know
what you think about it, but it seems
to me that I have had damages enough
What I need most at present Is re
pairs."
A well known San Francisco journal
ist, whose hair has become white in
the pursuit of his calling, showed his
ready wit before a curious Market
street crowd recently. The day was
stormy and the streets were wet and
slippery. The newspaper man was
coming to work shortly before 1 o'clock.
As the car on which he was riding
approached Lotta's Fountain he jump
ed to the pavement with the Intention
of getting under cover as soon as pos
sible. But he struck a slippery spot
on the asphalt and went down with
a crash. His knee was wrenched, his
umbrella was broken, his glasses were
smashed, his coat was torn and alto
gether he looked like a wreck. A num
ber of people rushed to his assistance
and soon a large crowd had collected.
He arose unaided, however, and looked
around him in a dazed .sort of way.
A spectator grasped him by the shoul
der, turning him toward the retreat
ing car.
"Get the number and the names of
the gripman and conductor. That's
the only way you can get damages,"
he shouted.
No More Damages.
It deeply grieved Sereno E. Payne,
the Republican floor leader, when Mr.
Maddox of Georgia raised the point of
no quorum last Saturday and thus
threatened to prevent the House from
passing a lot of bills. With a heavy
sigh Mr. Payne arose, steered his port
ly form across to the Democratic side
and looked down on Mr. Maddox with
a gained look.
"Maddox," said Payne in a seduc
tive tone, "why do you ball things up
this way just as we are getting along
so nicely? You have some secret rea
son, Maddox. Tell me what it Is."
"Mr. Payne," began Maddox with
dignity.
"Confidentially," said Mr. Payne in
a wheedling voice. "I won't breathe
it to a soul."
"As I was about to say, Mr. Payne
— " resumed Mr. Maddox.
"Just among us girls," pleaded Mr.
Payne.
The grizzled, lean, bald-headed old
Confederate looked u:> at the large
form and white head above him and
gasped a couple of times. Then he
arose.
"Mr. Speaker," said Mr. Maddox, "I
withdraw the point." — Omaha Bee.
Persuasion.
THE most noticeable feature in the popularity of
the Sunday Call Magazine are the names that give
it such a high literary tone, such names of world
wide fame, . indeed, as are not to v be fo'und together at
one time in any other magazine, daily, weekly or month
ly, anywhere else on earth for two or five times the
price of the . Sunday Call.
The w Sunday Call , to-morrow will be a particularly
pleasing and attractive confirmation of this fact.
To begin, with it will contain "The Lord of Chateau
Noir," by A. Conan Doyle, whose Sherlock Holmes
stories are not the most fascinating tales he has written,
as this unique story from his pen will bear ample wit
ness. It is replete with adventure and ends as only
A. Conan' Doyle's thrilling stories can end — in the most
unexpected manner possible. .
Another name. to be conjured with is that of the "Mark
Twain of England," the famous British humorist, Jerome
K. Jerome, who will begin a series of his pungently
vyitty articles in the Sunday Call to-morrow with one
entitled, "On the Drilling of a Modern Army," a timely,
topic which this clever writer spits upon his sharp pen
and grills to the Queen's taste. There is also a per
sonal interview, with this London literary idol, which
gives a new view of the pathetic life struggle from which
so much good fun has grown.
¦ Next in importance is the second installment of "The
Queen of Quclparte," by Archer Butler Hulbert, in
which both the author and his book are of exceptional
value and absorbing interest at this time, not more be
cause Mr. Hulbert is such an excellent writer than that
he knows so thoroughly the subject of which he writes,
the superstitions of the Koreans and Russia's secret
intrigue in the Far East, both of which have led to the
present war with Japan. This novel is historically true,
but it :s more fascinating than history because' of the
thrilling love story that runs' through it.
Albert . Sonnichsen is comparatively a new name in
American literature, but it. is a name that has already
won wide praise as the author of the "Deep Sea Vaga
bond" tales now running in the Sunday Call. "The Saga
of Trig Olafsen, - the Swimming Mate," in the Maga
zine-to-morrow, will be found as strange, as fascinating
and as all absorbing as its title.
Add to. this "His Own Heart," by Oliver L. Mitchell;
'Sarah's Strategy," by C. B. Lewis, and "Over a Honey
s?wk!e," by A. M. Davies Ogden, and a truly high-class
and entertaining fiction number is presented.
However, the Sunday Call to-morrow contains many
excellent features besides, notably, the "Czar's Wild
West in the Far East," by Ivan Vannekoff, a writer
famous in Russia; "How Admiral Togo Prepared for
War," by Toyohiko Turushima, an author equally famous
•n Japan. Together these two articles show why so
many of the Russian ships are being lost at Port Arthur.
£qua ; ly ; timely and an article that will create a furor
among the sporting fraternity, because of, its expose
of inr dern ring methods is "How Fighters Break Their
Own Bones," by Professor De Witt C, Van Court, box
ing instructor at the Olympic Club, a name that stands
for special excellence in his own field. The photographs
with this article are a remarkable feature in themselves.
To make tip a perfect artistic whole, the two sections
of the Magazine have been beautifully bound between
two notable paintings— that on the front page of Mrs.
Amy Talbott is the first* of a series of exquisite pictures
of Popular Society Women, painted from life by Mrs.
Rosa Hopper Plotner. That on the , front page of the
second section is one of a series of large paintings that
are now 'attracting attention at the Spring Exhibition of
the "Hopkins Art Association. It is called "In Egypt"
and is from the brush of. Matilda Lotz.
: Both of these beautiful pictures are reproduced in
multiple colors. ¦ -
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
taste, but of far better quality than
some of the water a desert traveler i3
occasionally compelled to use. The
Papago, dipping this water up in his
hands, drank It with evident pleasure,
and "said that his people were accus
tomed, not only to secure their drink
ing water in this way in times of ex
cessive drought, but that they used it
also to mix their meal preparatory to
cooking it into bread.
Illustrative of the energy with
which mining is nqw pursued in this
State and of the profits that are de
rived therefrom^when the business Is
carefullj* considered and economically
handled,' there might be noted scores
of mines that are known all over the
world for the wealth that they have
afforded and for what they still con
tain. An example of the interest now
attaching to mining in California is
afforded by the continuous acquisi
tion of Jands along the river banks in
certain localities for dredger mining
ground. One California county is op
erating successfully^ more than two
score expensive dredger gold mining
plants.
W. P. Hammon, the father of gold
dredging in this State, has recently
placed contracts for the con
struction of two great dredgers to
delve for gold in the Tuba - River,
above Marysville. As the Government
Xearly every county in this State
produces some mineral profitably.
The placer period has passed away to
a great extent, but this does not by
any means indicate that the greatest
record of the State for mineral output
has yet been made. Ancient river
channels promise great additions to.
the world's wealth when California
exploits them thoroughly. The quartz
mining along the mother lode and on
mountain ranges that are hundreds of
miles in length is yet email in extent
compared to what it will be. The
cheaper methods, electrical- power,
cheap petroleum fuel to take the place
of wood and other factors enter into
the consideration. Copper, gold, iron,
quicksilver, petroleum — these alone
make up a great array in behalf of
California and they represent only a
#hare of the mineral wealth of this
State. - » :/
"Because, without enterprise, energy,
push and business tact, the mine must
remain closed upon its hidden treas
ures; without it the stamp mill and
the smelter must remain idle; without
it the puddling furnace chilled and the
rolling mill rest upon its sleeping cogs;
without it the music of the anvil will
r.Q more be heard and the
sparks of grinding wheels no
more be seen; without it no
fiery, strained engine will dash across
the earth, or steel rails lie to afford
it safe transit; without it no !- teaming
monarch of the ocean will bid de
fiance to angTy waves and carry to dis
tant lands happy beings who laugh at
its fury; without it no Instantaneous
spark will flash, either its good or evil
news across continents, or illuminate
our streets and homes; without it no
busy hive* of Industry will be filled
with thrifty workmen, no loom weave
or spindle spin, no art adorn or science
enlighten; without it all industries lan
guish and commerce perish."
Attention is called to the represent
ations of Mr. Mahon, not because they
are more unusual in kind than any
statements made public in behalf of
mining States and Territories; on the
contrary they are Just of the sort that
has been made familiar by reiteration.
Capital being attracted to mines by
having their riches known and the
same applying verily to any mining
section as a whole, California should
be cushed to the front on merit as a
mineralized area.
"reasons" is that "Oregon has more
to interest capital in natural products
than any other State or Territory in
the Union." Of course. Mr. Mahon
does not mean this or else is ignorant
of what California contains in the way
of "natural products." This is not to
detract 'from the reputation of Oregon,
which is rich in resources, mineral
and agricultural, and in other ways;
but in justice such statements as are
sent out broadcast as an advertisement
for the coming Mining Congress
should conform to ascertainable facts.
Probably Mr. Mahon's enthusiasm has
misled him. Xo one will take excep
tion to the concluding paragraphs of
Mr. Mahon's energetic appeal "to the
miners and to Oregon at large to make
the Mining Congress what it ought to
be to command attention:
The American Mining Congress will
assemble at Portland, Or., on August
21. Irwin Mahon, the secretary of the
congress, has sent out a pamphlet, or
circular letter in which he gives
"nineteen pertinent and most prac
tical business reasons why Oregon
should be active and liberal in making
the coming session a success." These
reasons interest other portions of the
»oast outside of Oregon, because cer
tain assumptions are made that will be
open to question.
Setting apart the fact that Portland
is about to become, next year, the
scene of the Lewis and Clark Exposi
tion and that a little preliminary fan
fare of trumpets is more than excus
able on that ground, it is still not in
accordance with the facts* that "Ore
gon promises to be the greatest
mineral-producing State or Territtory
in the Union." There is every reason
to suppose that Oregon is surpassed
by California in variety of minerals
that can be produced commercially at
it profit; that in values in mineral de
posits there is a great advantage that
California can conservatively and
safely claim in comparison with any
other part of the Pacific Coast. This
has always been so and there is no
reason * to imagine that the mineral
deposits of California are even fairly
touched when the magnitude of what
remains to be uncovered is considered.
Another of Secretary Mahon's
Mining Activities.
The Butte miner who. is being put in shape to make a
"Roman holiday" with Jeffries acknowledges the latter
has the advantage of ring ex'perience, hitting power and
weight, but that "otherwise" they are evenly matched.
Some people can thrive on mighty little consolation.
THE revelations in the Smoot investigation have put
the Mormon hierarchy on the defensive. Inside
the church there was developed a spirit of revolt
on the part of the young men : and women that was
alarming tb the leaders* This revolt was in the form
of' opposition to the polygamous teachings of the church
and the polygamous practice of President Smith and
some of the ApJostles. The defense runs, therefore,
an appeal to these uneasy members of the church,
which is indirectly a defense of polygamy, by declaring
that the opposition to it in the Gentile world is produced
by immoral practices among Gentiles.
If • the church can demonstrate to its faithful members
that polygamy is moral because those who oppose ¦ it
are guilty of immoral^ practices, it may check the spirit
of schism in its own ranks; The fact that the defense is
of this character is evidence of , the strait in which the
leaders find themselves. When -President Smith returned
from Washington and was fnet by, his five wives and
thirty-two of his forty-two 'children, there was a public
acknowledgment following the admissions in his.testi
mony that he is the head of a harem. ' ..,'- :
While the enthusiasm of his fellow rulers of the
Mormon world was unabated and they hailed him as a
religious hero, a considerable part of the membership
did not share in these ascriptions to the leader. v These
look upon polygamy as an unnatural condition and their
association with the growing Gentile population makes
them ashamed of it. It becomes necessary then to im
press them ¦ that the Gentile society with which they
associate is unworthy of their respect and that they
should not permit their conduct to be influenced by its
opinions. If this plan succeed they are driven back
into sympathy with the church and all that it teaches,
and to a firm support of the leaders and .all that they
practice.
The Deseret Ne,ws, the church organ, has undertaken
this work and carries it on by what we believe to be
a thorough misrepresentation of Gentile sentiment. In
its discussion the News says: "'Refined society' .was
much more shocked at the number of President Smith/s
children than even over the fact that he acknowledged
the wives whom he wedded previous to the issuance
of 'the manifesto.' So with the course of other 'Mor
mons' in the. same status. The objectionable thing is
that children are born to those plural wives: Punish
ment for this increase is the demand of modern moral
ists of the school of suppression." :•.'.,
This is not true. If the mothers of President Smith's
children have an equal number of children it would be
but little over eight to each. Families of eight children
in the Gentile world are common. They are no curios
ity, nor is their presence in "refined society/' or out of
it, a cause of criticism or offense. The President of tfie
United States has a family €>f six children, and^ if this
Mormon defense is true society should be shocked at it,'
but it is not. The numerous children of Senator Hale
of Maine and the large families of other Senators and
Representatives, in some cases numbering more than
the children of President Smith's individual wives, shock
no one and cause, no other than a feeling of admira
tion that such public men find their official duties con
sistent with the proper care of many children. Indeed,
among the Gentiles, husbands' and wives who have no
children are much more the objects of pity than those
who have are the, objects of aversion.
The objection to President Smith is not that he has
fort3'-two children, but runs to the number of his wives.
The results of such a system of plural marriage are
well known in Utah. The nurture and admonition
which a father owes to his children cannot be given
by him to such groups of families. During his testi
mony he was obliged to ask for time to refer- to memo
randa to answer either how many children a particular
wife had, or the date of their birth. It is certain that
these children are' without the joint care which those
receive who are reared in a home daily and continually
ruled by the presence of the father and the mother.
President Smith's five wives live in five separate
houses. On his return from Washington, after his gen
eral reception, he paid visits of courtesy to. eatfh of these
five homes of his forty-two children. If the Deseret
News thinks that "refined" or any othet form of society
has.no objection to that spectacle it is \ mistaken. If
the young Morman will choose to think he will learn
that that which in the Gentile world is regarded as
vice is taught by the church to be heaven inspired virtue.
Non-Mormon society is by no means, free of offenses
and vices, but its conscience stamps them as such. The
Mormon conscience, on .the other 'hand, is taught to
regard those very offenses and vices as moral and elevat
ing when they are enjoined by "revelation" and practiced
by the hierarchy.
There is a merchant of this city who
has a nice suburban home, an amiable
wife and a pretty little five-year-old
daughter. This couple, tofctheir morti
fication, a few evenings since at sup
per time learned that it is not wise
to discuss domestic econpmy in the
presence of the little one. They ex
pected company for supper and at the
last moment the servant entered the'
room where the three members of the
family were seated, awaiting the ar
rival of the company, and announced
in a whisper something that seemed
to astonish the lady. When the ; serv
ant retired the wife said to her hus
band, who was'to- act as host: "Dearie,
you will have to go light on the butter
to-night. Mary says there is only a
thin slice In the house and it's too late
and too far to send for a square."
After all had been seated and the
supper had in part been discussed v one
of the guests requested another helping
of butter, but before the host "could
comply with the request the little one
exclaimed: "Here, go light on the but
ter. All that's in the house is that lit
tle piece on the dish."
The mother blushed, the host looked
annoyed and said sharply to the child,
"Now, miss, you go right up to your
room."/
The little one stepped down and out
of the dining-room, leaving the host
to offer an explanation; but a moment
after he heard laughter outside the
door and, looking through the window,
saw his little daughter racing up the
road on her little bicycle.
Fearing that she might run away
because she had been punished, he hur
riedly excused himself and, rushing
outside, called' to her. The little one
wheeled back and then the father said
to her sternly, "Didn't I tell you to
go to your room?" The child inno
cently replied: "Yes, papa; I- went to
my room, but you didn't tell me to
stay there."
The father allowed the child to re
turn to the dining-room on her prom
ise not to speak another word.
Light on the Butter.
A MORMON DEFENSE.
Just north of Sonora, Tuolumne
County, .is a deposit of marble that
has been, bonded by. TV. J." Holmes. A
quarry may be developed at that point
if the stone is perfectly white.
The Allen mine on Rogue Creek, In
Oregon, is reported to have been sold
to Charles d'Autremont of Duluth for
$750,000. C. J. Allen of Portland, with
associates, has worked the property
several years. According to the Port»
land Oregonlan, $600,000 is paid in cash;
the remainder will" be paid later.
An electric lighting plant of 150 lights
has been installed at the Soulsby mine
in Tuolumne County, the lights to be
psed underground and also on the sur
face.
Between twenty and twenty-five men
are steadily employed on a desert mine
that is twenty-two miles. north of Bar
stow, to which It is necessary to haul
water a distance of fcnir^miles. Gold
and copper are found in the ores at
this point. A mill has been ordered
by the Red Mountain Gold, and Copper
Company, which is operating'the prop
erty. ; . ¦ . • ¦ ;.-';;-,;.
Large values in gold are reported to
have been taken out in new gravel
mines at Calaveras County. At Doug
las Flat a main channel -has been en
countered, according to local report, at
a depth of 150 feet. Other gravel claims
may b'e opened in the same locality.
The substitution of electrical power
for steam has reduced the number of
men employed at the Keiswlck smel
ters of the Mountain Copper Company
by seventy-five. Five furnaces are in
operation, each needing the services of
forty men, twenty for each shift.
Late numbers of the Nome Nugget
report that there are about 100 men on
Candle Creek. The Xugget says that
the contributing cause for . the falling
off in the gold production of the Sew
ard peninsula in Alaska last year was
the lack of rain. "The falling off in the
production, while it is to be regretted,
is no reflection upon the gold-producing
capabilities of this section. The mining
man has much to contend with in these
high altitudes. An early spring and a
late fall mean an increased gold output,
and a late spring and an early fall will
inevitably bring a reduction in the out
put of the yellow 'metal. These fluc
tuations will always be found, notwith
standing the improved methods of min
ing which are rapidly being adopted
and the construction of many new
ditch systems. The gold is here; we
know that; and it will be taken out."
Speaking again of the conditions that
led to the falling off In the gold output
of Seward peninsula last year, the
Xugget says that "the preceding winter
was severe, there was an unusually
heavy fall of snow and heavy glaciers
accumulated In many creeks. Mining
operations were late In starting up. For
these reasons mining men generally
predicted a decrease in the* output last
fall at the close of operations, which,
too, was somewhat early." :
Additional space for the exhibition
of the California mineral display at St.
Louis has been secured, thirty-five feet
more length, so that the total exhibi
tion space in the Mines and Mining
building to be occupied by the min
erals, mining "machinery and illustra
tive mineral structures of California,
including the great arch, is 145x43 feet.
A letter has been received from State
Mineralogist Aubury announcing that
fact. Mr.. Aubury also writes that the
outlook is good for California having
a better mining show at St. Louis than
any of its rival mineral States. The in
stallation of exhibits has only begun.
According to the Rampart Forum
hydraulic plants will be large factors
hereafter in the development of mining
in the Rampart district. Rhode Island
Creek will be worked by the hydraulic
process. The Big Minook Mining Com
pany is putting in hydraulic apparatus.
More creeks have been worked In the
Rampart district during the past win
ter than in any previous season.
Several properties of some size are
reported to have been just sold. In this
list are included the Sierra Buttes mine
in Sierra County, which passes into the
possession of a company including E.
A. and J. O. Hayes of San Jose; the
Three Stars mine, in Placer County,
Including 2S0 acres of land, twenty
shafts, seven original mining locations,
a twenty-stamp mill, etc., for all of
which, so reports the Placer Heraldt
about J200.000 was paid. The Mountain
King mine, in Calaveras County, near
Hodson, has been sold to Allen & Lit
tlefield of San. Francisco. The local
papers of that place say that a sixty
stamp mill will be erected at the mine.
A San Francisco company has bought
the Punch Creek mine, on Humbug
Creek, in SIskiyou County, which was
recently purchased by G. W. Grayson.
The .Treka Journal says that the price
is between $60,000 and $70,000. There
have have been several sales of frac
tional interests in mother lode proper
ties in the past few weeks. There is
general activity in the California camps
and interest is thereby stimulated.
A large tract of land for. gold dredg
ing has been sold in the last fort
night, 200 acres in all, situated about
two miles south of Oroville. The sale
was made to a foreign syndicate at the
rate of $200 per acre, or 5160,000 for
the entire tract. The land is one mile
from the Feather River.
proposes to build barriers on the Yuba
at and above Daguerre Point and as
Mr. Hammon knew that the ground
was good for gold 'dredging, he has
agreed to build a bank 100 feet at
the base and twenty feet below high
water mark and forty feet wide at the
ctown. The ground above Daguerre
Point, so says Mr. Hammon, will re
quire more powerful dredgers than
have hitherto been operated,, because
of the debris to be cut through. The
two machines that have been ordered
will dredge sixty feet below the water
line and ' will excavate from 2000 to
2500 yards daily. The dredgers will
be in operation by June next. Even
tually there will probably be as many
dredgers in the Yuba district as there
are in" the Oroville district. Two
dredgers will soon be operating on the
Bear River near Wheatland.
Muscovite activity on the sea. A fleet ;of forty Japanese
vessels patrols the Yellow Sea, keeping the remnant of
the Czar's ships in their harbor like rabbits in a hole.
The nearest succor- is the shadowy Vladivostok fleet,
blockaded also by the iron walls of. Japan. . The width
of a hemisphere separates the forlorn hope from another
vessel bearing the imperial crosses of the Czar's fleet.
' Russia will -have to strive long and earnestly to re
trieve her prestige on y . the sea which has thus suddenly
been destroyed in a quick two months. She cannot
speedily regain her poise, for the loss of their leader, the
terrible fatality which seems to be following them, and
the unknown terror which lurks in a harbor full of their
own uncharted mines, must have severely shaken, the
morale of men and officers of the ill-fated fleets;
THE SAN FRANCISCO vCALIi, SATURDAY^ APRIL 16/ 1904.
THE SAN F^MSJClSCp CAI^L
JOHN P. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . . : . . / V-v . .: Address All Communications to JOHN WcNAUGHT. Manager
Publication Oflico < *liliillifc> • Third and Market Streets, S. P.
SATURDAY.. ................... V. .... i. ......... ~. .+....:. J* .........I..........;:.... ...APRIL 16, 1904
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESANON* A CLUB WILL. • ENTERTAIN.— Tho
Anona Club will give an entertainment; and
ball at Teutonia Hall, 1320 Howard street, to
night. An elaborate programme has been pre
maj-^rl ,;."'.. . . ¦ . ' .
Frank Davis, colored, was arrested
on Pacific Btret late last night by Po
licemen McGrayan and Brown and
locked uo In the tanks at ' the Hall of
Justice. He was followed : to the police
station by seventeen" colored residents
of Pacific street, all of whom accused
him of having looted their apartments.
He will be charged to-day with grand
larceny. ¦'„ \
Alleged 'Thief- Captured.
A report his -been circulated in San
Francisco to the effect that R. B. Mc-
Clellan will not be a candidate for the
renomination for Superior Judge at
the coming election. He declares that
such reports are absoluutely without
foundation in fact, as it is his intention
to again seek the nomination for Su
perior Judge on the Republican ticket
this fall.
I^ast night a call was issued by
Thomas D. Riordan for a meeting of
the; new Republican County Commit
tee at 102 CFarrell street Monday
evening, April 18.
It is generally conceded In the Re
publican camp that Southern Califor
nia is entitled to name one of the
United States Senators from this State.
The splendid Republican majority
which the south rolled up in the last
gubernatorial election is said to. be
worthy of special recognition. Thomas
R. Bard, the incumbent, and Henry
Oxnartf., an aspirant, dw;ell in Ventura
County. Politicians remark that the
south will come united for one candi
date or the other. Soundings in the
interest of Oxnard have been made in
several counties of Northern and Cen
tral California. It is gossip in po
litical circles that San Benito County
may be requested to name a "favorite
son" for Senatorial honors.
STRACL'SE, Sicily. April 15.— Emperor Wil
liom, accompanied by «"i_rht members of ills
nuUe had luncheon with Mr. and Mrs. Cor
nelius Vanderbilt on their steam yacht, the
r."urth Star. *o-day.
Congressional District, Victor H.
Metcalf of the Third and James C.
Needham of the Sixth will be renom
inated without opposition.
The new Observatory is at Fulton and
Stanyan. entrance to Park. Take McAllis
t«r-*t- cars, get off at Stanyan. jand see
the Panorama. *
President Martin. R. M. Hotallng
and E. J. de Sabla control two-thirds
of the 60,000 shares . of capital stock
of the company, which Harriman has
purchased after promising to care for
the minority shareholders.
Although President John Martin
and his financial associates In the
North Shore road decline to give con
firmation of the deal, it is now known
that the Cazadero line, with its elec
tric branches, has finally passed to the
control of the Harriman syndicate.
The road, 117 miles in length, had
been offered to several syndicates, but
declined on the ground that it was not
a paying investment, and was finally
bought by Harriman, who values it
only as a means of thwarting the
Santa Fe from acquiring terminal
rights on that section of the bay shore.
Although Its present owners claim
to have invested over $1,200,000 in
the improvement of the company's
lines, those that are in a position to
know assert that Harriman has se
cured the holdings at a far lower fig
ure, agreeing to assume the responsi
bilities of bonded indebtedness and
much of the burden of liabilities ac
cruing from the recent numerous
wrecks on the North Shore road.' •
Takes Over the North Shore Road to
Thwart Santa Fe Plans.
HARRIMAN BUYS THE LINE.
PUEBLO, April 15. — Four com
panies of Filipino scouts under com
mand of Major Carrington passed
through the city to-day on their way
to the World's Fair at St. Louis, where
they will act as guards during the fair.
Four tribes are represented.
Carrington's Scouts in Colorado.
Californinns In New York.
NEW YORK, April 15. — The follow
ing Californians have arrived at the
hotels: San Francisco — W. D. Creigh
ton, at the Astor; Mrs. M. L. Emerson,
at the Imperial; G. C. Grayson, at the
Netherlands; W. G. Ripenburg, at the
Raleigh; A. M. Edwards, Mrs. J. G.
Edwards, at the Gerard; Captain A.
Girard. J. McCartney, at the Park
Avenue; R. Newman, at the Arlington.
Los Angeles — A- T. Cook and wife,
at the Grand Union; F. B. Long, at
the Park Avenue; C. P. Lynch, at the
Cosmopolitan; G. S. Holmes Jr., at the
Holland.
He attached his former vetoes as
part of his messages, wherein he sets
forth at length the reasons why he dis
approves of the bills. Principal among
them is that the measures are Intend
ed to harass Gray "Bros., who have
established a quarry on Thirtieth
street, near Castro, and have agreed
to conduct it bo it will not be a nuis
ance.
Mayor Schmitz yesterday transmitted
to the Board of Supervisors his vetoes
of the two ordinances extending the
limits within which it is prohibited to
conduct rock crushing and rock quar
rying operations. In his veto mes
sages the Mayor calls attention to the
fact that t,he ordinances are identical
with two he recently vetoed and says
that as conditions remain the same he
sees no reason to change his attitude
on the matter. -
Mayor Reiterates His Disapproval of
Ordinances Extending Prohibitory
Limits for Rock Crushing.
AGAIN VETOES JIEASURES
RESTRICTING QUARRYING
CENTRAL CITY, Colo., April 15. —
Since the mob dispersed this morning
no further attempt to lynch Azel D.
CJalbraith, the self-confessed murderer
of his wife and son, has been made.
A lynching was prevented solely by
the bravery of Sheriff Thomas Cody,
who declared to the mob, "I will die
fighting to keep you out of this jail."
Lynching Party Disperses When the
Sheriff Says He Will Die
Fighting:.
MOB IS FOILED BY
" DETER3IIXED SHERIFF
Accident in Dyeing Factory Causes
-. Death of , Engineer and Injury,
of Several Girls.
NEW YORK, April' 15.— One man
was killed, ' two- girls - were danger
ously burned 1 and eight other persons
injured by an explosion to-day in the
dyeing establishment of William Meis
ter 'In the Willlamsburg section of
Brooklyn. !The dead man was the en
gineer.
ONE KILLED AND MANY
HURT BY I EXPLOSION
BERLIN, April 15. — Prince and
Princess Hohenlohe-Schilinfurst, the
former the son of the late Imperial
Chancellor of that name; the heredit
ary Prince Victor von Ratibor, his
daughter, the Princess Elizabeth, and
his brother. Prince Karl, Governor of
Aurich, Prussia, have sailed for New
York on the steamship Bluecher of
the Hamburg-American line on their
way to attend the opening of the St-
Louis Exposition. ' ¦ .
Distinguished Personages Will Be
I»resent at Opening of the
Exposition.
GERMAN NOBLEMEN ARE
ON WAY TO ST. LOUIS
The King Planing Mills, on King
street, between Third and Fourth,
were damaged by fire to the*extent of
$5000 shortly after 6 o'clock last even
ing. ' The fire, which jj started on the
roof, was caused by an overheated
smokestack.
L. C. Brandt, who occupies a build
ing adjacent, saw the flames and
turned in the first alarm. When Act
ing Chief Dougherty arrived on the
scene the fire had gained considerable
headway on the second j and third
floors and two additional alarms were
sent in. Dougherty and his men did
remarkable work in stopping the pro
gress of the fire as they did. The
building burned like tinder, but the
firemen succeeded in extinguishing the
flames before they reached the ground
floor, on which is located most of the
machinery.
The plant is owned by M. Hansen
& Co.
Overheated Smokestack Starts Blaze
That Does Damage to the Ex
tent of $5000.
KING PLANING MILLS •
ARE DAMAGED BY FIRE
WASHINGTON, April 16.— The fol
lowing postmasters have been com
misioned: California — B. Frank Tay
lor, Tolbert.
Oregon — T. C. Watts, Reuben; L. E.
Palmer, Salmon.
Alaska — G. Spongberg, Valdes. .
The following changes in fourth
class postmasters 'have been an
nounced: California — Morro, San
Luis Obispo County, C. J. Liddle, vice
Aaron Bretz. removed. . .
The following order has been is*
sued by the War Department:. The
board of officers convened at Vancou
ver Barracks, Wasfr, for examination
of such officers as may be ordered b'e
fore it to determine their fitness for
promotion is dissolved.
The President to-day sent the follow- 1
Ing nominations to the Senate: Post
masters: California— Charles E. Tucker,
Fortuna; Edward H. Stantion, Avalon.
Idaho — David' E. Smithon, Emmett."
Nevada — Theodore R. Hofer Jr., Car
son City.
Deportments at Washington Make
Postal Changes and Issue
> Army Orders. l Y
OF . INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
PARIS, April 15. — The Council of
Ministers has decided that Colonel
Marchand's recent open letter refer
ring to his resignation is an offense
against military discipline and is de
serving of censure and punishment.
The nature of the punishment
awaits the action of War Minister
Andre, who was not present at the
Council, but it is understood that it
will be thirty days; confinement, his
resignation from the army thereafter
being accepted. Owing to the popu
lar devotion to Marchand as the hero
of Fashoda the case is receiving wide
spread attention.
Hero of Fashoda AYiil Bo Punished
for His Breach of Dls-
COLOXEL MAKCIIAXD'S LETTER
IS CAUSE OF TROUBLE
PORTLAND, Or., April 15.— High
waters in the rivers of Eastern Oregon
and the Blue Mountains have so seri
ously affected "railroad traffic on. the
Huntlngton branch of the Oregon Rail
road and Navigation line that no trains
can be run over that division .of the
road for several days. Bridges have
been washed out in seVeral localities
and tracks built on, soft earth have
been so undermined and threatened as
to render their use for railroad pur
poses dangerous. ! .-.-.. .. '.'
Almost parallel conditions exist on
the Southern Pacific system near Ash
land, where landslides have so covered
the tracks as to fender traffic prohibi
tive. Half a score ' of trains are de
tained on either side of the obstruction
and nearly a thousand passengers are
waiting for the tracks to be cleared so
that they can proceed to their destina
tions. . ..¦;-. .
JACKSON*, Miss., April 15.— Ed Gam
mons, who murdered Lake Klnney and
the latter's daughter, with- whom he
was In love, at Walter Valley recently,
has made a confession. His statement
regarding the death of the young
woman is sensational. He says that
after he killed Klnney in the held he
went to the house and told the girl
of his deed. At first they planned to
run away and be married, but the girl
chanced her mind and asked him to
kill her. which he says he refused at
first to do. Then she tried to get the
pistol away from him. He then told
her to step off a few Daces and turn
her back, which she did, when he shot
and killed her.
In St. Petersburg this order is re
garded as an extraordinary precau
tion, which is bound to influence the
future relations of the Christians and
the Jews. " .
From the beginning of the war the
Jews in Bessarabia, like the rest of the
population, had shown their readiness
to serve their fatherland, which was
expressed in their declarations of loy
alty to the throne and their donations
to the sick and wounded. This was
pointed out by the Governor, who urged
the Bishop to direct his clergy to com
municate the facts to the people.
The Bishop immediately instructed
all the priests of his diocese to ex
plain on every civil occasion the loy
alty and patriotism of the Jews and
to point out that reports to the con
trary were false, adding that he
should be informed of air cases where
enmity was displayed toward the
Jews.
Before Easter the Governor of Bes
sarabia, Prince Ourusoff, called the
attention of Bishop Takoff of Kishe
nev to the malicious reports spread
among the people that the Jews, were
collecting 5 and sending money to aid
the Japanese. The Governor declared
the rumors to be absolutely without
foundation.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 15.— It
has Just developed that the powerful
influence of the church- was used in
Bessarbia to prevent trouble between
Christians and Jews. For the" first
time, so far as known, the church
stepped in to avert another Kishenev
affair.
There are many indications at this
time that J. X*. Gillette of the First
Intelligence comes from the south
that Senator Ward has developed con
siderable* strength as a candidate for
Congressional honors, it is said that
the Republican nomination in the
Eighth will not go to Captain Daniels
of Riverside. S. C. Smith of Kern
and MJ J* Ward of San Diego will each
have a strong following In the con
vention.
SOUTH DEVELOPS STRENGTH
The Republicans will open the
Presidential campaign in this State
at Sacramento on May 16, on the oc
casion, cf the biennial convention of
the California league of Republican
Clubs. The president of the league is
Lieutenant Governor Alrten Anderson.
He was chosen at Los Angeles four
years ago, and re-elected at San Jose
in 11*02. T"iere are indications of a
lively contest at Sacramento for the
honor of first place in the league. State
Senator M. L* Ward of San Diego,
Thomas Rickard of Alameda and Orrln
Henderson of San Joaquin are men
tioned as candidates to succeed A'den
Anderwon.
The B>;!id California Republican dele
gation in the House of Representatives
was brcken in 11*02 by the election of
Boll in the Second District, Livernash
in the Fourth and AVynn in the Fifth.
Republicans are quite confident of
thtir ability to achieve a victory at
the next election in the Second and
Fifth districts, and the prospects are
fair for Republican success in the
Fourth District. The opinion is wide
ly entertained that Frank L. Coombs,
the Republican nominee in the Second,
was really elected in 1902. but Bell
had a majority on the face cf the re
turns, and Coombs did not care to
make a contest for the seat. Duncan
K. Mclvinlay of Sonoma stands a
fair chanr.2 of securing the Republi
can nomination in this district. He
is a man of fine ability and exceptional
popularity.
The new committee will not have
much work of an imperative character
to perform until preparations for the
August primary election demand atten
tion. It is probable, however, that an
early meeting will be held to encour
age district organization and promote
registration for the Presidential elec
tion. The registration has closed, so
far as it affects the May primary elec
tion to select delegates to State and
Congressional cc-nventions for the pur
pose of choosing delegates to the na
tional convention. The number of vot
ers registered approximates 33,000.
The conventions to nominate Presi
dential Electors. Superior Judges, Con
gressmen, State Senators and Assem
blymen will not assemble until next
September. The delegates to these con
ventions will be chosen at a primary
election on the second Tuesday of Au
gust.
Forty-fourth District— M. W. Brady. E. P.
£traui« Richard liyan. Thomas H. Lindsay.
Forty-fifth District— A. Uuof. Louis Strohl,
E. M. Buckley. Jules E. Bcrpes.
WIIiLi MEirr SOON*.
T»*nty-rishth PUtrirt, M. M. Miller: Twen
ty-ninth LJistricC J. F. Kingston: -Thirtieth
litsirict. H. J. Klood and Francis MrNamara;
Thirty-Cr«.t District. Thomas Duff; Tfcirty
thlrd pjstrict. Joseph W. McTlrue; Thirty
fourth District. A. H. Merrill: Thirty-lit th
L>l«rict It. L. Hathcrn; Thirty-sixth restrict.
Charles H. J. Truman; Thirty-seventh Dis
trict. B. W. Dvnnts: Thlrty-eiehth District,
IfSTtHa t>rf and Max Goldberg; Thirty-ninth
l>!Ftrict. l>r. Jowph F. Poh<-im; Fortieth Dis
trict. Oeorge McGinn; Forty-flret Di«tric^
L<Vil Beedy: Forty-*eccnd District. M. M.
UsvVtaj Forty-third District, Charles Bonntag:
Kurty-fourth* District. Mel Vosrel; Forty-fifth
PiKriet. John H. NVlson.
OOMMITTEKMEX X.VMED.
Appointments for the Thirty-flrst and
Thirty-eecond districts will be an
nounced later.
Twenty-eighth Assembly District — W. Lar
•en. Walter McCauiey. Peter Kelly, E. W.
Haujrhry.
Tu-»-nty- ninth DiFtrict— Leon Samuels. J. F.
COiltXU D. J. Crar.e. R. Cox.
Thirtieth District— Jerry Hoach. T. Sullivan,
V. H Trendergast J. F. Uwlrt.
Thlrty-flrrt District— J. A. Hoey. Jeremiah
Uucey Dorson Nichols. W. S>-mon.
Thirty-»ecfT.d District— G. \V. Penninston,
."-.¦¦¦> J. Jc_fr.ston. L.. C. Cull. James M. Kelly.
Thirty -thr.d District — James J. Ryan. L. A.
"Taylor, J F Feno. J. J. Callahan.
Thirty-fourth District— J. J. Hare. Alpheus
Duffee. Fred Severance. T. J. Grey.
Thirty-fifth District — John D. Daly. W. A.
Brown Clifford McClellan John S. Partridge.
Thirty-sixth District— H. W. Fraser. M. V.
Taylor J. H M*. Mul'.cr. E. Pfaeffle.
Tnlrty-eeventh District — \V. J. Young. John
K. Green. J. R. McGufflck, F. Bockman Jr.,
Thirty-iijthth District — C. C. Morris. Frank
Grlmt-s Jesse Mayer, J. F. Nourse.
Thirty-ninth District— Ed Beeler. J. A. Ruth
erford T. E. Atkinson. J. B. Whitney.
Fortieth District — Henry Ach. Charles Bar-
UnK J. Henderson. S. Feigenbaum.
Forty-first DiEtrict— H. O. Beatty. H. J.
J'eraitl. M. Josephson. R. N. Frlck.
Forty-second District — Don R. Dunbar, E.
G. Knapp. R. A. Grier, James A. Clover.
Foity- third District — Thomas. D. Riordan,
\V H. Gallagher, Thomas K. McCarthy. Phil
J. Haskins.
The Republican nominating conven
tion last September appointed a new
county committee, which becomes, un
der the law, the governing body of the
party in San Francisco. Each Assem
bly district delegation in the conven
tion named four committeemen. The
chairman, John S. Partridge, was au
thorized by resolution to appoint eight
een delegates at large. Yesterday he
named sixteen of the eighteen.
The new governing body is therefore
composed of the fo-llowing committee
men at large and district representa
tives:
An Effort Is Made to Ex
hibit Anew the Patriotism
of Residents in Russia
On. Sou them Pacific System
Several Heavy landslides
Block Passage of Trains
Candidates Spoken of to Suc
ceed Alden Anderson, Pres
ident State League of Clubs
After Suggesting Elopement
She Changes Her Mind
and Asks to Be Shot
BRIDGES WASHED AWAY
LOYALTY OF THE 'JEWS
GIRL BEGS TO BE KILLED
FIRST MEETING CALLED
PAPEETE FEELS SHOCK
Great Bell Is Broken by
Fall From Its rFastenirigs
on-a Warehouse JnEialia
PAPEETE, Tahiti, April 1.— About 2
o'clock on the afternoon of February 25
a shock of earthquake was felt in some
of the Society Islands. At Papeete,
Tahiti, books and other articles tum
bled from shelves in the stores and a
number of the * houses shook percep
tibly. -
In the district of Mattaua, Tahiti, the
trembling of the earth was still more
pronounced. On the' island of Rialia,
120 miles distant from Tahiti, the shock
was aulte severed An iron axle sup
porting a large bell on the roof of the
warehouse of the Society Commerclale
del Oceanie snapped, letting fall the
great bell. ' * .
The news of the death of Governor
Petit of this colony, at Sydney was re
ceived here with deep regret and many
public expressions of mourning.
A member pt the crew of the steam
er who was detected in the act of
smuggling opium ashore was fined $100.
M. Chauval of the customs service of
Papeete is sending samples of grains
from the island of Maio.to San Fran
cisco. . >"i
BIDS FOR PHILIPPINE !
V BONDS ARE OPENED
American National Bank of Kansas
City Offers Highest Price for
Entire Issue.
WASHINGTON, April 15.— Bids
were opened at the War Department
to-day for the $3,000,000 of Philippine
certificates of indebtedness. The bids
mostly were for small lots. There
was one syndicate bid by four banking
companies of New York. The high
est bid was that of the American
National Bank of Kansas City for the
whole issue at $1.01181. The next
highest bid was that of N. W. Harris &
Co. of New York for the entire issue
at $1.01043. The syndicate bid was
$1.0017. This syndicate is composed" of
the National City Bank, Harvey Fiske
& Son, Fiske & Robertson and the
Guaranty Trust Company.
TO SUBSCRIBERS L.EAVIXG TOW^
FOR THE SUMMER.
. CAIiIi subscribers contemplating- a
chancre of residence dnrinar the summer
months can 2iave- their oaper forwarded
by mall to their new address by notify
ing THE CALL Business Office. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local
asrent in all the towns on the coast. :
OTTAWA, Kans.. April 15.— An at
tempt was made to wreck a local pas
senger train oh the Burlington branch
of the'Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe
Railway near Williamsburg,«'"where
ties had been fastened to the track.
The crew saw the obstruction in time.
Bandits Fall to Wreck Train.
Swollen Rivers in Eastern
Oregon Seriously Affect
Traffic on the Railroads
Society Islands Are \ Shaken
by an - Earthquake and
Some Damage Results
John S. Partridge Appoints
Committeenien at Large to
Govern Republican Party
Mississippian Tells How He
Eutlilessly Murdered His
Fiancee and Her Father
Difficulties Between Chris
tians and' Jews' in Bessara
bia Averted by Ecclesiastics
CHURCH SAVES
THE POPULACE
TAHITI RACKED
BY A TEMBLOR
FLOODS CAUSE
MANY DELAYS
FIRES AT BECK
OF SWEETHEART
ARE PREPARING
FOR ELECTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL;; SATURDAY, APRIL 10, 1904.
9
AMUSEMENTS.
GRANDS
Last Two Performances
MRS. FISKB
' ' MATINEE TO-SAT !
A DOLL'S HOUSE
Preceded by A BIT OF OLD CHELSEA.
TftjUIPUT FAREWELL OF
lU-mbnl mrs. fiske
Act II.— Hedda Gabler
V Act 1 1. —Di vorcons
Act I.— A Doll's House
\ And.^by Special Request,
ActlV.-Tess of the D'Urbervilles
_______ t
— EXTRA—
Beg. Morrow Mat.
KOLB AND DILL
BARNEY BERNARD
WINFIELD BLAKE
' . MAUDE AMBER
HOPE AND EMERSON
—IN— f
¦ HOITY-TOITY
PRICES 15c, 25c, 50c, 75c. Seats Now on Sale.
CALIFORNIA
pi The Children Must See Tbli. Bfej.
Matinee To-day.
McFADDEN'S I
FI ATS 1
To-morrow, America's Favorite u
- Actress, . ''¦'¦•*-___
ROSE COQHLAN I
In Her Latest . Success, ft
"The Greatest ThlnK In the World." I
COMING— The BI^ Musical Comedy, H
"A GIRL FROM DIXIE." ¦
bULUmDl A LWQ THEM
...MATINBB TO-DAY...
To-night " and Sunday — Last Times.
ANNA HELD
In her greatest musical ' comedy success
MAiVrSELLE NAPOLEON
Two 'W^eeks Beginning Next Monday,
THE FOUR COHANS
' and a company of 72 In the musical bit,
RUNNING FOR OFFICE
SKATS NOW SELLING.
MAJESTIC THEATER
MARKET ST. ; . ." .OPP. LARKXN
OPENING MONDAY, APRIL 18.
ISABEL IRVING
(Direction JAMES K. HACKETT.). '
In Winston .Churchill' a Play,
"THE CRISIS"
SCAT SALE THURSDAY AT SHERMAN,
CLAY &. CO.*S.
PKI3ES— 11 B0.I1, SOc; box seats. $2.
Sunday Excursion
Yallejo, Mare Island
and Martinez
/ On the Fast and Palatial Steamer,
H. J. CORCORAN
Leave. Wasbington-Slreet Wharf, Pier No. 3,
at 9:30 a. m. •'
« - . Upturning at 6 p. ra.
Fare — Round trip. 5Qc. ¦., . . .
Racing iS^^^Racingl
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET. CLUB,
Kadnjc Each Week * Da- Rain: or Shin*. "
Six or More Races Daily.
Haces commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track take
8. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12:30.
1 :00. 1 :3O or 2 o'clock. No smoklns In last two
cars, which *r« reserved for ladies and their
escorts.
•> Returning * train. -*' leav* track at 4 tlO , and
4:45 and immediately after the last rac*.
THOMAS H. W1LL1AMB, Prcaldeot. ,
j PERCT W. TREAT. Secretary. ' '•.?.'•'
MiscxiiAAzrsovs AxvMsvanm.* .
BASEBALL.
Oakland vs. S eattl©
V AT RECREATION PARK. '
-Eighth and Harrison -streets, A*
'M 'TO-DAY ;............. '-...^3:00 pJm*
.{ SUNDAY. .; ............ '?.2t30 p. m. v *.
Advance sale of seats at &c. 3 Stockton street
_ : ADyEBTiSEaDBNTS. _¦/_'_'_'_-"•
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER; PILLS most bear
; j -Fac-simile Signature of y&^pggZzg
y^^^^^BILIOUSNESS. PJ| - - - _ _.
SICK HEADACHE. I J \ff gtT JL£
//Ssgr*SnrT torpid liver. |||9 B » "¦ rV
MW \L1 FURREDT0NGUE -Bil EP^a B fl If*
jffiffl #3$ INDIGESTION. BUg P 111 .S fil
W Ud CONSTIPATION jg||| ¦ H ¦*¦»¦
• SALLOW SKIN *^^"^""^""*'''^™^''"^^^^^^^
Th.y TOUCH the L IV ER '££££
Genuine Wrapper Printed on '; 4 T
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If You are Perplexed
In reference to the best disposition of the amount of money (small or large), which
you are putting aside for your family or for your old age, write The Mutual Life
Insurance Company of New York for information as to the form of policy that will
best suit your needs. Here is an example of results :. * #
The late Archibald X.. WtUrhouM, of Philadelphia, who died suddenly last
Friday, held policies amounting to |8o,ooo in The Mutual Life Insurance
Company of New York. Th« form, of insurance under which these policies .
were issued were so eeleated that hi. widow will receive at once f 20,000 in cash
and an annual income of lj,ooo for twenty years, and if she is living at the end
of that period she will receive |6o,ooo in cash, making the total amount received
under these policies 1149,000 oa which the premiums paid by Mr. Waterhouse
amounted to only f 17,491. 10. {Fr»m tke Philadelphia Record, Nov. rj, 1901.)
* MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY OF -
Sill IT \Rf VA D V
o W e,t m jt, yt I VK IV
America RICHARD A. McCURDY, President World
STANLY FORBES, Manager, Sa:; Francisco. CaL
__|__(^ BM
I THROUGH TOURIST CARS I
I TO CHICAGO OR ST. LOUIS ¦¦¦^jf^.
{____} ¦ _____S«s?^ ._____^B^^ /_^P**?^ Is3
a without j^Fw^k days > IB
___3| - _____Hr^ __^^ 1 /-_ fka In vnncitiAn MB
(W j^Bar ' U1C l—# ALJVJoIllvJ.II B99
wT ¦ .m^r f\\/FD\ AIMIYI IMITFn* 1
UVlKLAIiU LI/mI 1 L-L/ m
W , rMontaomenj street,^ San Francisco 9.
¦ Or anu SOUTHERN, PACIFIC AGENT II
Ea_______ffl_BBB»»»B8s»»K
POSTU3I AND GRAPE-XUTS. ¦
i Worth Reading
"The Road to
Wellville"
Miniature copy in each pkg>
of POSTUM and GRAPE-
NUTS.
» AJMTUSEMENT S.
TIY/fH I opera
I I VuLl house.
mATIINEfci TO-DAY
TO-!NIGHT
EVERY NIGHT r- < ,
Millocker's Delightful Comic Opera
I ML BRILLIANT
REPP A R TRIUMPH.
DlUUHu received with
IMMENSc
OIUULIll ENTHUSIASM.
XJSUAL, TIVOLI PRICES— 23c. 50c TSc.
Box and Mezzanine Seats. $1.00.
Next Production.. A BOTTAWAT OXSI.
' -**—^ — —¦—^— — — — »
— ¦ -£ __—__-_-
ABiBaierBill!-
The Four Mortons; Edmund Day and
Company; Ellis-Xowlan Trio; Flo
Adler and - Orpheum Motion Pic-
tures. Last times of Blind Tom;
Four Welsons; Omar and 3Iarglna
and James IT. Cullen.
Regular matin«es every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices, - 10c. 23a
and SOc.
ALCAZAR k 'mT
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MAT. TO-DAT AND SUN. '
Bronson Howard's Comedy Drama,
Aristocracy
A Comedy Depleting Social, Life.
"MADE A BIG HIT."— Post, j
Erg.; 25c to 75c; Mats.. Sat & Sun.. 25c to SOc.
•- Next Monday — The Brilliant Comedy,
THE FRISKY MRS. JOHNSON
By Clyde Fitch.
FIRST TIME IN STOCK.
CENTRAL*!?
Market Street. Near Eighth. .Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS. -, . ¦
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
The Powerful Sensational Melodrama.
IN THE HANDS
OF THE ENEMY
f\ r* f" Panorama of South American Scenes!
V L L "*** Gold Mln *» ot Bolivia!
\ _T I" Thrilling Escape From Prison!
ll |_ L Battle for Life In Ruined Monastery t
w ¦" *¦ A Great Play and a Brilliant Cast! j
DDTPEC Evenings. 10c. to 50c
I nlWC J Mattnees 10c.. 15c 23c
Next— THE WHITE SQUADRON.
STANDS I ITS
OIN . I MERIT
EISMET
Oh! So funny!
Oh! So beautiful!
Oh! So magnificent! i
With the "All Star" Cast— and the "A5
Star" Chorus.' !
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 25c. 50c. and
75c. Saturday and Sunday matinees, 23c., 50c.
Children at matinees. 10c. and 25c
SPECIAL.
Next Monday. April 18.
Return to Real Fun with .
<< OHO"W r CHO"W."
An Uproariously Funny Burlesque
Thursday. April 28, A. O. T. Theatre Part*
A GREAT SHOW
Every Afternoon and Evenlnr In th* \
Theater. '
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MINIATURE ELECTRIC RAILROAD
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLIMES IN THE ZOO.
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR; MAZE.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT."
• Admission. 10c: Children. 5c. -
When Phoning Ask for "The Chute*."
lmCTTJ^AMTBOPg AXmaaSBMTU.
EIGHTH ANNUAL
DbgShbw
OF THE
San Francisco Kennel Club
...MECHANICS' PAYILIOR.., \ ;
Wednesday, Thursday Friday and Saturday,
;~ APRIL 13. If. 15 and 19. v
Paciflo Cat Club's show on Friday and Sat-
urday. 10 a. m. to 10:30 p. m. T*WK8t6a
. ADULTS. SOc; CHILDREN. 28c;
'PfllflrP DOFTT FAILTO
* COURT* Lounging
a fill rooavtbi EMPIRB
r « PALM ROOM, th«
it n. nn louis> xv « par.-
UiailU lor, and the LA-*
Oil DIES' WRZTZNO
Hotels 1 *Q oM v
....... . , . .•_. -.,....Referee' Coulter .Resigns.
•- .W. A. Coulter. United States Referee
in Bankruptcyif or v Santa- Clara Coun
ty, has' tendered ,his resignation.. Ap
pliclints'forjthe^vacancy are requested
to.' 'ai7piy,..' to'^United 'District
Judge de Haven. :^ ,'*-'.
MOTHER, SEEKS JUSTICE.— Mrs. v* Sarah
McAullffe, 618 ¦¦ Moultrie : street. • «wore : to a
complaint yesterday - charglns . William Casey,
ealoonkeeper, Cortland -avenue, with -murder.
She- Ib the- mother of William J.'.McNamee,
who was shot and killed : by Casey during * a
fight at Caaey'a . saloon on Saturday ; nijtht.
Caeey was arrestedat the time: on~th«- charge
of -murder, ¦ but the: caxe., was . on
Monday • till after -the Coroner's ¦ Inquest.'. The
Coroners • Jury ¦ brouKht k in a" verdict of ¦ jus-
Ufiable homicide. ;'•¦;;. , .. ¦„ ., .
Oucns Wants to Go Free.
A petitipn for a -writ of habeas cor
pus In favor of W. H. Owens was filed
in the Supreme Court yesterday. The
'defendant is held on the . charge of
complicity in burglaries committed by
Harry Howard. The defense states
that Owens waa in Howard's company
toy chance. - -.
city teams will plaj'the return matches
at! the seaside town, during theVInde
pendence day vacation. ,. . ,. . ; .
A,prautice game .was' played last Sun
day on the' grounds at .Webster. "street,
Alameda,. between sides of 'twelve" men
each;.-*'' "¦. ¦ . •.".^. ; -"" .'¦ "
of the, necessary ; $25,000. ¦ One-half of
the 5 sum is.fat: hand through generous
subscriptions. i; The class of men; who
have donated, speaks well for the, af
fair. Among themany:who have given
liberally- are A. B.i Spreckels, • Joseph
D/, Grant, ..I." W.' Hellman, Leopold
KIow.vANP.. Welch, Eugene: Casserly^
the iBrewers* Association, J. C. Kirk
patrick, i Baker & Hamilton, Gustave
H. i,Umbsen, : Thomas • Magee, " Frank
Burke, \ramess B.i Coleman,: Al Josephs,
Sidney' Smith.-James-L. -Flood,; R. R.
Compt,on, J. O'Kane, [ John Nolan;'. Kelly
& Sons, ; A. . Stern, vFranki Dickey, ¦ E.
Clay berg, - Fishbeck ¦ & Bacon, : L. Car
penter and members of , the association.
This la : but «a: "partial" list! ot, the' sub
scribers .already r interested, a fuir re
port ;of 'which , is promised in another
week. . . .¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ . ; ¦ . ' .
WHEEJiMEN* WILL COMPETE
OVER THE HAYWARDS ROAI>
Thirty Entries Are Received for the
Annual Ten-Mile Handicap to
Be Decided "To-Morro\v.
The annual ten-mile handicap road
race of the California Associated Cyc
lers will be held to-morrow over the
High street to Haywards course. The
race will be, started at 11:30 a. m. .The
thirty entries, with ** their respective
handicaps, follow:
Scratch— W. C. WalbeL G. C. W.; A.. Rob*
ert!i, Oakland W.: F. G. West.* B. "C. TV.;
C.-H: Clark. U. ,C. W.: "W. de Mara. B. C. TV.;
45 seconds— F. H. McLaughMn. Bv, C. W.;
Charles Long. B. C. W.; A. T. Smith, Oak
land W. ; R. Williamson. Oakland W. ; J. R.
Berryesea: G. C. W. „
t minute 00 seconds — J. Haurat. Oakland
Vt.' H. S." Hancock. Oakland W.:< W M
Spellman. C. C. C: D. Mainland, N. C. W.;
A; Trout. X. C. W
. 2 minute*— S. L. Hancock. Oakland \V.: A.
Lambrecht. ¦ C. C. - C. : E. - A. Hearther. • Oak
land ,W. ; M. Rlngroae, C- C. C. . ., .'
2 minutes SO second" — W. Hampshire. • B. C.
W".: P Mourour. Oakland W. ; F. o. Booth
a>C. W.: G. .W'._ GasUv»on. C. C. W.; O.
Grosman. ' B. C. W.
3 minutes— A. Flnlayson. C, C. XV.: G. O.
McGrath. C. C. W.: C. E. Nelson, Oakland W.;
Joe Fertado. Oakland W.; C. Valente.-C.CC.:
George Fry. B.-C. W. '
The ' race will be in "charge of the
following officials:
Racing: and : records committee— C. L. Mc-
Enerney. chairman; B. D. Balart. H. L. De
laney. C. C. "W'uth, F. L.' Smith. Starter— A.
E. Bers. Referee — George W. Payton. Judges
—W. A. Terrlll. B. C. W.: A. Carl, C.
C. C; M. Newmark»,NV,C. . W.: c. l.'HIli,
G.' C. W. ; .W. • Martin. Oakland W. - Timers
George P. t "Wetmore. A.'H. Sampson. Charles
C.'Woth. - Clerk of course — George Dlxon."
On'C. W. Clark's polo field at. San
Mateo, beginning at 2:30 p. m. to-mor
row, there . will be , a lacrosse match
between the. Talagoos of San Mateo
and an Olympic Club twelve.
The Olympic. Club team will be com
posed, of much the same 'men as on
last Sunday, though a I few new ones
will be tried.. The' Talagoos will take
the opportunity of trying out' some of
their junior, players and their team
will be somewhat, weaker, than the one
which played last Sunday at the Pre
sidio Athletic Grounds. The match is
one of a series of exhibition games
which are Intended to give men desir
ous, of learning the game a .chance to
practice and to, educate a body of spec
tators , in \ the points of the Canadian
national sport. The players appreciate
highly '- the . permission to. use. C. . W.-
Clark's field, which Is a much pleas
anter ground than the one near Harbor
Yiew.;-- !<j -: -'., . . ¦'¦- -t. ¦•'¦¦ ¦-¦-••¦¦ ¦
The Olympic team will consist of the
following: .Gossip, goal; Burden, point;
Lynch," cover-point; 8 iiayfey, .de
fense; Minto, second defense; Petersen,
third defense; McCarthy,- center; Wim
perly,. third home;; Henneker, second
home; Crllly, flrst'home; Mountz, out
side , home; Barclay, , inside home; T.
McLaughlin, field captain; Hughes,
spare man. . :i ,/r.: . -
. In last -Sunday's game the Olympic
team lacked combination work and. fell
easy, victims • to the Talagoos- : Peter
sen, the ; well; known fullback of... the
Vampire V. association'', football .. eleven,
will add to the strength of the | Olym
pics,, having been a member of the
English: international lacrosse team.
Last: Sunday : there were : some good
runs down; the; field for the Olympics,
but' the shooting; for . goal was. weak.
Some '; of the players, too, : seemed , in
clined to .turn the. struggle for.posses
sion of the ball into, a .wrestling match.
The model yachtsmen have had more
to contend with recently as regards
weather than the participants in any
other pastime. . For several weeks no
races could be held on account of the
wet weather. Last Sunday the heat
was beneficial to every other sport ex
cept model yachting. The sailors of
the small craft were all on hand to pi*
their boats against one another, but an
absence of wind made this impossible.
Up to date official races have been
held but once. The prospects this year
are better than ever, and so numerous
have the boats become that it has been
found necessary to restrict the' active
membership of the club to fifty. The
club officials feel that it will be im
possible to handle more boats than this
in the races.
Another reason for holding "back the
regattas is that M. C. Henschen, the
official -measurer, has had to resigrn.
owing to the pressure of business.
The Spreckels lake course is satisfac
tory, except in one place. This is the
big bay next to. the drive. This spot
is so sheltered by- trees as to rnake it
almost impossible for the yachts to
pass through the calm.
The first regular regatta will be held
on the 3d or 4th of July. In the mean
time trial races for the club p'ennant
will be held each Sunday.
The winning yacht each week re
ceives a pennant. At the end of the
season the boat with the most pen
nants gets the club pennant, emblem
atic of the championship.
~T. J. Cronin, a veteran of the leash,
will send his fast greyhound Fair Tra
lee against Lord Brazen, from the ken
nel of G. Lacy Crawford of St. Louis,
to-morrow at Union Coursing Park.
The. contest will be the second of the
series for the Grand National Cham
pion stakes. Contrary to his usual at
titude, Mr. Cronm announces himself
as being 1 satisfied with the way his
dog. has trained on. Trainer Jackson
is equally confident as to; the showing
his dog will make, so a 'spirited con
test is in prospect.
The reserve stake at Union Park "to
morrow has taken on the appearance
of an interstate affair. Among the
greyhounds which will start are: Mas
ter Rocket and Rich Array from Fres
no, Lost Chord from, Los. Angeles,:Fa
vor Free, Faraway and -Mr. Zignego
from Stockton; Belle Free, Mickey Free
and Friendless Boy from Sacramento;
Terab from Santa. Clara, John Heenan
and Aggie W from Vallejo and Con
cord Tralee from Concord.
The likely winners look to be:
Red Rock, J E H. Free Born, Master Rockil.
Fontency. Roy Huchle, Haphazard. Money
Musk, Semproninji. Melllnwood, Vandal, A?Kie
W, Hudson, Duhallow, ' Creiwick. Cubanola,
Menlo Prince. Colored Lady. Pepper Hill.
Cloverdale. The Referee, P.elle Free. Piker,
Richard Anton. Wedcetyood. .Conroy, Rocker
Arm, Boot*. John Heenan. Lost Chord, J Real
Article and Oueen's Mctto.
An excellent 64-dog stake .wlll ; be the
card to-morrow, at Ingleside, Park.'.The
running will, commence as usual at
10:30 a. ro. The 'management, has in
stalled a new scales in the paddock.
All greyhounds will be weighed before
going to the eIIds a"nd the figures will
be posted in a conspicuous placed :The
likely winners look to be:
frisky Barbara, Tralee Lass. Pasha Pleas
ant. Gold Lily. Dorothy M, Black Coon, Quita,
Game Boy, Terra Cotta. -Mly York. Art-inl*,
Apple Blossom. Rose of- Gold, Rolla Wel!s;
Northern I^ad. Raby Aurora. Don Pedro, Rec
tor.. Sea Lion.- Crawford Belle. Younsr Johnny
Rex, Highborn, Kofala. ¦ Toronto, Lucky. Sham
rock, Maid of the Glen. Royal Friend, Reck
less Acrobat, /Belfast, Bob R. Vina. v
, At the last meeting of the California
Coursing Club A. C. Bradbury,: the vet
eran trainer, was restored to good
standing. Bradbury was ruled off by
the Ingleside, Coursing Club about four
years ago. - .
The Chicago Coursing Club will' hold
its'initial meeting on April 30 and May
1." The entrance fee for the first stake
will be' $10, with $300 added.' 'Meetings
will be continued weekly until ho't
weather puts a step to them. They will
be resumed in the fall.
The annual intercollegiate tenni3
tournaments between Stanford Univer
sity and the University of California
will be played this morning at Stan
ford. A month or so ago Stanford wa3
thought to have absolutely no chance
to -win. Her prospects % are much bright
er now, and although a cardinal vic
tory is hardly anticipated, the Palo
Alto players are expected to make a
good showing. The fact that the tour
nament is to be played at Stanford
•will give the players of that college
quite j an advantage. The California
players have played but once on the
Stanford courts, while their rivals have
been practicing there for weeks.
California will be represented by J.
Drummond MacGavin as first man in
singles, Neil Baker as second man in
singles and MacGavin and" Robert Va
riel in doubles. For Stanford George
Hodge will be first man in. singles.
Cleve Baker will be second man and
Baker and Hodge will play the doubles.
Hodge is a young player, frojn South
ern California, who has never played
on the courts here. He is considered
clever by some of the old Stanford
players.and as he has been' practicing
regularly of late he should be at his
best. He will be opposed to Drummond
MacGavin. The latter Is easily the best
player of the five- and is figured to win
handily from Hodge. MacGavin, how
ever, is erratic, and if he has an off
day his opponent will have an excel
lent chance to lower his colors. I *
The Baker-Baker match will probably
prove the closest of the three. - Cleve
Baker last year played George Baker of
California in the second singles match.
Neil Baker is a -brother of George and
hardly classes with, the latter. Last
year Cleve Baker won a set from
George : Baker and made the latter
work to beat him. From this.the Stan
ford players figure that Cleve Baker
has at least an even chance to beat his
opponent. Neil ' Baker is wonderfully
steady, and if Cleve Baker beats , him
it will not be on the former's errors.
The doubles, like the MacGavin-
Hodge ' match, should on f orin go to
California rather easily, but Variel,
like , MacGavin, is erratic and both are
hard men to figure on; ¦ ¦ ¦'.* ¦ ;
The entries for the Academic Ath
letic League tournaments must be In
to-day.' These* events will be held' In
the early part of May. As usual, the
greatest interest centers in the singles.
Herbert Schmidt of Boone's , University
Academy L and Herbert ' Long of Lowell
High" School "are easily the best play
ers, and one " of them is expected to
carry off the championship.
The Golden Gate Terinis Club has
sent' out announcements for a % handicap
doubles ; tournament, '. to : be played' on
the 'park courts 'on the. 24th Inst."; Eh-'
tries close on the 21st. "The three-time
cups 'will be played for.
The' California Tennis Club will hold
asimilar tournament on the same date.
The members will' play 'in" a" handicap
doubles tournament for the Directors'
cups. ' -' ' v
Commodore Charles Stewart of the
Oakland Canoe Club is looking for
ward to an active season. A schedule
of events has been prepared, contain
ing several races and cruises in con
junction with the Encinal Yacht Club.
In the long championship canoe race,
•which will be held on September 10.
in order to induce a large number of
entries, seven cups will be presented
as= prizes. The contestants will start
from the California Yacht Club house,
proceed down Oakland Creek to the
bay. thence to the Encinal Yacht Club
enchorage and return. It is believed
the course can be covered in eix or
E'ven hours.
The first of the yacht clubs to open
the season will be the San Francisco,
which will hold its initial reception and
Jinks on Saturday, the 23d inst.. and its
first cruise on Sunday, the 24th. The
yachts are being rapidly put into com
mission and the whole fleet is expected
to be ready on opening day.
On Sunday, the 24th inst.. the South
Bay Yacht Club will hold its opening,
there being a high Jinks at the club
house at Alvlso, beginning at 11 a. m.
The officers of the South Bay Yacht
Club for the 1904 season are Dr. H. A.
Spencer, commodore; Louis Sonniksen,
vice commodore: Miles E. Wretman,
secretary; B. I. Schwartz, treasurer;
S. E. Smith, port captain; J. O. McKec,
measurer; E. L. Corbin. S. E. Smith
and A. A. Wright, committee on pro
gramme; Louis Sonniksen, H. T. Pyle
and H. G. Coykendall, committee on
entertainment; F. I. Machafert. A. T.
Bassett and A. C. Eaton, regatta com
mittee.
J. R. Hanify's handsome new schoon
er, built in the yard of F. Stone &
Co., at the end of Baker street, near
Harbor View, was launched at 9:30 last
Saturday evening. M. A. JCewell's
schooner, Lady Ada, built in the same
yard, was launched at 10 o'clock on
Thursday morning, in the presence of
several quests invited by the owner
and by Mrs. Newell. Both are large,
roomy, comfortable, cruising craft and
should be by no means slow. Lady
Ada is nearly sixty feet in length over
all, while J. R. Hanify's boat is a little
shorter.
W. E. Lingard has sold the sloop
Flcetwing. which he owned for about
two years, to Dan Everett, also of the
Corinthian Yacht Club. It is said that
the sale- was made some months ago,
but the fact did not become known
"until lately. An agreement for the sale
of the "yacht at a certain price was
made after the close of last season be
tween W. E. Llngard and a well known
Journalist, but a higher sum was paid
by the present owner.
Secretary Henry Ward of the Ala
meda Cricket Club has handed in the
list of members of that organization,
which has thirty-nine names at pres
ent on its roll. These are A. E. Ack
lom, J. U. Bird, Harry Bird, B, Bird.
G. J. P.iugh, F. J. Bennion* John U.
Buchanan, C. Banner, S. Braithwaite,
H. W. Brown, Joe Brown, Edward
Brown, W. J. Cowie, A. E. J. Chivers,
F. J. Croll. J. Croll, W. G. Fortmann.
S. SI. Foster, W. W. Goggin, R. B.
Hamilton, Edwin Hood, J. H. Halton,
J. M. Haltcn. B. Kortlang, D. Lees, G.
S. K. McCallum, James Mason, W. H.
McNaughton, F. S. Price, W. E. R.
Rooker, W. J. Richter, V. Seebeck. F.
A: Stahl. J. H. SaiAnders, Herbert Ton
kin, Edgar Ward, Harold' Ward and
Henry Ward.
The foregoing list contains the names
of the Bird, Croll and Ward families,
who have been the mainstay of Ala
meda cricket for many years. It also
comprises A. E.'Acklom and F. J. Ben
nion, former members of the Pacific
Cricket Club, and of Bert H-- Kort
lang, who, on his return from Seattle,
announced his intention of staying
with the San - Francisco^ County Club.
It is expected that J. Mason, an
Australian, who played with some of
the best teams in his. own country,
will prove a valuable addition to the
strength of the Alameda eleven. A.
E. J. Chivers, the best goalkeeper . In
the California Association. Football
league, is an excellent cricketer- ae
well. Edwin Hood was one of the
strongest batsmen of the Alameda
team some years ago, but has played
little or no cricket Tor several sea
sons. G. I. Baugh is a steady man at
the bat and «*-gocd run-getter.
The name of .George Wiseman, for
merly a well-known member of the
Pacific Cricket Club, should be added
to the roll, of that organization. 'v,
The schedule of matches as issued
¦contains some errors, due to the neglect
of the committee appointed to prepare
it to regard the strong wishes of the
Santa Cruz Cricket Club, as express
ed In person by its delegate at the an
nual meeting: and by its secretary,
Stephen Stagg, by letter. The commit
tee's attention was also specially di
rected to the point In the report of the
secretary of the association. The
matches between the Santa Cruz eleven
and the city clubs have .been arranged
as follows:
Sunday. May 28. Santa Crux Cricket nub
vt. San Farnctsco County Cricket Club, at Ala
meda.
Mpnday. • May 29, Santa Cms Cricket Club
v». Pacific Cricket Club, at Alameda. .- • '
Tuesday. .May 30.. Def-oratlon Day, Santa
Cruz Cricket Club v». Alameda Cricket C!ub.
at A lame-da. ¦¦ ••.-' .
Saturday. July . 2, Pacific Cricket Club vs
Santa Cruz Cricket Club, at Santa Crux
Sunday, July 3, Alameda Cricket Club vs
Santa Cruz . Cricket Club, at Santa Crjuz.
'Monday, July .4." . Independence Day, San
Francisco County Cricket Club . vs. Santa Cruz
Cricket Club, at Santa Cruz. - ?,«-.•¦•¦•»'«*-.-•>
According to this arrangement the
Santa Cruz players Vwillj visit Sau
Francisco and • play, one match , against
each of the three city, clubs during- the
jjecoratlon day '-'¦ holidays,' 'while! the "
Blue and White Cricketers
Attract Some Valuable
Recruits to Their Ranks
Members of the Oakland and
Encinal Clubs Will Hold
Combined and Open Races
Model Yachtsmen on Spreck
els Lake Postpone Their
Trials From Week to Week
Twelve, of the Olympians
Will Play Against Talagoo
Team at San Mateo Sunday
Will^ Start His Fast Grey
hound, Fair Tralee. With
Lord Brazen in a Special
Tennis Experts of the .TJnir
versit ies Will Meet To-Day
1 on the Stanford Courts
San Francisco's "proposed athletic
field in Golden Gate Park, with its
nest of tracks for light harness horses,
cyclists and foot, racers and its .inner
oval for the use of all amateur sports
requiring" a large level . area' of ,turf , . is
pictured herewith for the first time.
It is a mind's eye view of the big pro
ject, drawn with faithfulness to. detail
by an artist who looked over the site
arid studied the j plans in Superintend
ent McLaren's hands. The picture is
more eloquent than- mere -words : and
explains the enthusiasm of. the work
ers who have done such "great service
In .collecting funds for the building
of it. • .
In order to bring-out the perspective
more clearly the spectators pictured in
the. lower corner.are banked up a trifle
higher than they will be.-, in reality.
On this edge of the speed track a space
is provided 100 feet in- width and run
ning the length of the field. jA : gentle
raise of* twenty feet of this grass ? cov
ered surface will provide seating, ca
pacity for - many . thousands ! of specta
tors. The home stretch of all the
tracks will be located^ on this side and
just as excellent . a view of the field
will be afforded as though an unsightly
grand stand marred the landscape. The
absence of ' all' buildings and fences in
the amphitheater is .a -Mr.
McLaren's and will j make, the place
much more beautiful to the eye!
A tunnel for the admission of ath
letes to the oval will run, from a point
near the buildings depicted in the upper
corner. Polo • ponies ' may be brought
through in this' manner and cyclists
may reach their" speed j track • without
crossing the horse track. On the op
posite side of the field an entrance will
be provided for light vehicles. : On this
side will : be located the , sheds and
dressing* rooms . for. the reinsmen, the
buildings being situated a short
tance- from the oval • and fitted wilh
all modern improvements. The > : ath
letes .will be quite as well provided for
in the manner of showers .arid rooms,
while a plunge is a possibility if the
money subscribed be sufficient. "
In dimensions • the speed | track "will
measure exactly half : a mile in circum
ference. It .will ; be' "about; sixty feet
in width. Twenty feet', distant ,wln ;be
the cinder path, which is to run three
laps. to the mile, leaving ari inner' oval
of 900x480 feet. A gradual .slope from
the outer rim of green sward,: contirif
uing through the several J tracks,*-; r wlll
bring the surface of the- infield consid
erably lower than any other portion :of
tlie grounds. , - this scheme * will . bring
every part of the amphitheater in plain
view of the, spectators." • In ; case! of' a
driving matlnce'the outen.rlm "will hold
the throng,, although the ¦'. infield: will
be available". For cycle races the' same
space will be utilized, while an event 6n
the cinder path or the inner "field will
call the cycle track into; play, as a van
tage point for the spectators.
As the Place ; is planned >. it will i be
the finest public athletic 'field in "the
world and will set ;a ; pace "for "other
cities .to follow. [Members 'of the ' Ama
teur Driving . and > Athletic Association
are .working unceasingly;fo~r?theisuc
cess'of the-plan, notably? Frank : O'Kane,
W. J.' •Simpson; ' Ja'mesV, Coffin,^E^: H.
Algel tiniger , and . -.: I. : * L: \ Bord'en :-_ of £ the
executive' committee," who""' have i'given
up much ' of theit '¦ time' to '•¦ the ' raising
RACKET WIELDERS
IN COLLEGE MATCH
LACROSSE MATCH
ON CLARK'S FIELD
ALAMEDA ELEVEN
WILL BE STRONG
ABSENCE OF WIND
SPOILS SAILING
CANOE SAILING
PROVES POPULAR
Valuable Addition to
the Park His"-
Assured; '¦¦.''
TIM CRONIN BIDS
FOR RICH STAKE
AN ARTISTS CONCEPTION OF WHAT THE PROPOSED XEW SPEEDWAY AND ATHLETIC FIELD JN .GOLDEN' GATE; PARK WILL AFFORD THE PEOPLE OF THIS CITY WHEN' IT BECOMES A REALITY.
PARK SPEEDWAY AND ATHLETIC FIELD IS ACCORDED LIBERAL SUPPORT
- THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL : lG, 1904.
--Five hundred earthquakes shock the
JaDanese J «»very I year. ,'. .-.'".
In Japanese the j word ."Mikasa" In
dicates a warship "and *'Maru" a ship
of commerced ... ........ ..;._ —
10Amateur:- Fights Prevented.
j The proposed amateur boxing exhi
bition under , {he auspices" of r the Lin
coln Club, was prevented' Iasfnight be
cause the : Mayor.' neglected to sign 7 the
permit. .The club officials say 'they
will hold the fights on Tuesday night.
Coast bred Irish . terrier do* puppy— Won by
Mrs F . J. v Walker s '. Royal Noreen. '. . . ¦-
San Francisco Kennel Club's trophy for the
b«»t Yorkshire terrier— Won by. Mies Doris Wl!-
Bhtre's Punch.' ' *
r Dr. E. O. McConnell's trophy -for the be»t
In th« miscellaneous class— : Won by Mr«. C. P.
Hevcon's Jappo. - ¦ .--¦ **¦
Herman ; Oelricbs trophy; for the 'beet -dog
owned by a . lady— Won ¦ by Mrs. Charles New
man's Champion Lester r~
PROBABLE WINNERS.
First Race— Wager. St; ; .WinnIfride,
Flaneur. ; :
. > Second Racer— Watkins Overtori," Il
lowaho,' Expedient. '¦¦•
'! Tlilrd " m . Race—Ocyrolic, Wiggins.
Lady Kent.
'^Fourth" Race— Our Bessie, Illilouon,
Veterano.'
-Fifth; Race-^Byronerdale, Ada X,
Colbncr \*ah. * s '
Sixth Race— Toledo, Celebrant,
Whoa Bill. ,
Scottish Bowlers Will Try Again.
After numerous postponements ths
new green in Golden Gate Park will
be thrown open this afternoon to' the
Scottish bowlers. This was announced
last Saturday, when the green was
found in first clas3 condition. It has
not rained enough in the last two days
to make the green sodden.
The" C<nn Francisco Scottish Bowl
ing. Club haa *wo tournaments it U
anxious' to start. They are scheduled
to* be played to-day. Both singles and
doubles , will go on at the same' time.
In the ', former event there are ninety
entries. Only the best players entered
the doubles, partners for which* were
drawn. As many of the players are
evenly matched and the poorer,; ones
as a riile/did not draw together most
of the games are expected to be close.
-A. Foreman and J. C. Moffatt, the
club" champion, drew together and are
considered by many the strongest
team.; They have played well in prac
tice. Other .; strong " teams . are V J. v M.
Duncan arid M. L. Crowe,' J. 1 Stott and
John McLaren, H. U. TIcknor 'and :T.
G. Aiken; J. Mearus and T. McNaug ht,
1*. C. Lawson and A. Craig.
BERKELEY,- April 15.— The Uni
versity of California basketball team
won the championship of the_ Aca
demic Athletic Basketball - Lea*irue of
the Pacific ' Coast to-night ,by defeat
ing the San Francisco y Y. M.. C. A;
team at Harmon gymnasium by a
scoreof 25 to 13. .The teams were as
follows: California—Forwards,.Fergu
son, i Wherry; center, Bush ; . guards.
Egenhoff, -Evans.
Y. M.* v C- A.-r-Forwards, • Terrill,
Lutz; center," Callnon; guards, Mac-
K*-nzie, Kern, Lewis/ '
Basketball Match for California.
FRESXO. April 15.— The Portland
team played like a bunch of listless
rchool boys to-day and the crowd of
tileacherites went home disgusted.
Butler for Portland was knocked sky
liigh in the second, third and fourth
innings and was replaced by Steelman.
who pitched fairly good ball for the
remainder of the canie. Rain ended
th*» game at the end of the seventh,
h'core :
Portland — ; San Francisco — .
A.n. n. 11. p.a.' ' a.b. r. h, r.A.
r>rrnn,or .10 10 0 WsMn.cf 4 0 0 0 0
Nadau.lf 4 0 2 2 0 HildPb.lf 4 113 2
Fremn.Ib 2 0 0 I» 1 Meany.rt .112 10
>>-i. !'».. 3 0 12 OJrwin.Sb. 4 0 0 4 1
PU'n.cZp 3 0 12 3MaK*y.]b 3 2 2 4 2
Oiitro.M 3 0 0 1 5 Andcr.Zb 4 1 2 4 1
rmr*.3b 3 0 1 1 2 l«chcir.e« 3 13 4 5
Mf-^rt.rf 3 O .1 2 0 ikirtotuc 3 2 2 0 0
Hutl^r.p. 2 0 0 0 1 Whalm.p 4 1 110
>bea,c... 1 0011
Totali 32, 8 13 21 11
Totals 27 0 9 21 13
KUX8 AND HITS BT IXN'IXGS.
6an Frandxco 0 4 2 3 0 0 0 9
Daw hlt« 0 S 2 3 O 1 2 13
Portland .". 0 0 O 0 O 0 o 0
Base hits 2 1 1 2O1 2—0
Stolen bas»s — Mean?, Gorton. Hildebrand
Errors— Whalrn, Butler <2). Beck, lilt*— Off
ButJfr 10. off StM^lman 3. T«ro-bf>.se hits
*chmpor. Cortoft. Meany. Sacrinc* hit — Gorton
Flrrt ta*» on errors — San FYsnelsco 2. Port
land 1. Flret ba»* oc called baits — Off Whalen
2. off Butlor 3. off Etwiman 1. L»ft on banes
£an Francisco T, Portland h. Doubl* pla.yt
Hcr-.tneer to Massey. gchmeer to Anderson to
Musmt. Hit by pitcher — Waldron by Steelnian.
Time of came — One hour and thirty minutes.
I'mpire — O'Connell.
Irr Out of tlie Box.
Uncle's Men Succeed In Batting But-
i»oi:tlu\n*d is beaten again.
A /variegated assortment of cheap
platers, fifteen in all, lined ap in the
curtain raiser, a mile' and fifty-yard
run. Vasallo, the mount of Jed Lewis,
had first call in the betting. He did
not finish among the first three. After
a long, hard drive, "Big Bill" Knappi
on the 15 to 1 srhot Quibe, caught the
pacemaker, Nellie Baun, winning by a
neck. Emil finished third.
Bob Smith's filly Del Carina, an 8
to 5 choice, was beaten in' the two
year-old scramble by, Sileo. The latter,
was: played -some days : ago for a "kill-:'
Ing," but failed to make, good on that
occasion. Yesterday, with Sheehan up,
the colt led from the start, running
ihlnearly three lengths before the. first
choice. Tommy -Butler finished . third
on Pirelia. Joe Jones had . the leg up
on Grenore, whi:Ii youngster appeared
a trifle shy on speed.- - .
'Titus received substantial backing to
win the five and a' half ¦ furlong sprint
following, . and ¦ disappointed. % The dif
ference between 106 , and 111 pounds
caused r the gelding to become leg-weary
after, he had led to the paddock. Wager,
an 8 to 1 chance, then went on; winning
cleverly from Shell: Mount,: 1 a 10 to ¦ 1
shoC' Sir, Preston downed the "'tiring
Titus ; a. neck f or show^ honors.
"Another long, shot bobbed , to; the sur
face* in the'milea'nd;fifty"yards aelllng
run. Glenrice, » also , ridden by Jones
and ; 12 ) to 1, came > from i behind . in ;; the
last ;; eighth, beating J; out V Orchan; less
than a length. 7 See had his customary
ill luck on Illowaho, the .favorite.'
r ; Joe . Jones experienced no - difficulty
whatever in. keeping^ Caronal up
strikingfdistance 'of ; the Readers -in ; the
final- mile 'arid seventy yards number.'
The Chappell entry^ruled: an* 11-: to^ 10
favorite." ; When ready Jones .collared
Forest Klng,^ leading' the^Oregonl horse
Aside / from this the feature of the
racing was the clever saddle work of
Joe Jones, who piloted three winners,
besides finishing second on" Atwood.
Lengthy priced horses were again much
in evidence, Caronal being the one fa
vorite to secure brackets. ;
FIFTEEN AT THE BARRIER.
The Texas streak Don Domo, ridden
by "Big- Bill" Knapp and 5 to 1 in
the ring, breezed in before a likely clus
ter of sprinters for the Futurity course
handicap yesterday at Oakland. Money
Muss played a one-night stand on the
firing line and then retired. Don Domo
held Sad ! Sam safe and, assuming the
leading position a furlong from the wire,
won going away from the favorite, At
wood. The latter did not appear to
get away right foot first and Jones
took matters too easily with him the
first part of the race.; Sad Sam fin
ished third.
Sixth race— Futurity course; three-year
olds; purse. . .
B.M4 H. L. Frank (Cameron) .......... i<y>
(6025)Ananias (Schorr) ......I.;...... . 110
.... Georgie BUck (Spratt) ".".".".100
W19 Who* Bill (Epplneer) ..........; ic»
60W) Celebrant (Hsmllton Stable) "ll2
C625 Dr.Rowell (Blaslngame) '...:., ,i..:.lK,
(5232 Soufriere (Dayton ¦ &. Co.) .". . . . . .-. i,V>
.... Dragoon (Smith) "......."....'..:;...- " 1O!»
6271 • Toledo •. (Gaylord) ..... .......;.:.115
•Apprentice allowance.
Fifth race— One mile and 100 yards; four
year-olds and up; selling.
(t;6i:i>Kltty Kelly (Stanfleld) inn
(Arzt Col Van (Fountain) . .-. if,';
«W513 Pat .Morrissey. (Wellman) .......'.".' 1m
6618 *Merwsn (Guthrie) ............. ' ' yn
«C20 Petrol la . (McCarty) r. ..'.'.'.'. ".107
. 5707 Prestolus (Devln) '.. jii.,
W12 »Ada N (Antrim Stable) ... ; io»i
(C. r )S3)»Byronerdale (Crane) .....:...-.. ...ilO7
Fourth race — One and an eighth miles
three-year-olds and up: handicap.
(5C19 Ink (Lamasney Bros.) 355
<«5*l)Veterano ( Vlvell) ' \Cd
<fl»*24)Byron Rose (Wilson) "102
(ft«2«)iiiilouon (Randall) ..:....... "107
6SS1 Grafter (Blasingame) 101
Ortlft IshUr (Josephs) Am
«J<524 Our Bessie (Newman) II! OS
Third race — Six and a half furlongs; three
>'far-olds and upward; sellins:
tu>14 Hafnault (Thomas & Reavey) .....; 107
mai Lady Kent (Wellman) ios
W.07 »Ocyrohe (Coffey) ; 03
CC14 Crlss Cross (Hayes) 10s
(U40 'First Chip (Fitzgerald) ...;........ UH
(h',26 Hoceo (Photo Stable) on
(MM) El PUoto (Ho.1t:) '." \U1
(ceO2)WlrKlns (McAllister & Co.) .".... l>l
Second race — One mile and 100 yards; four
year-olds and upward: selllnt:
W115 Brissac (MarkMn) 101
B62.T 'Canejo (Kirk & Co.) i..'..'.lV1
661S 'Cloche d'Or (Coffey) 9.1
6C2TJ Kxpedient (Smith) • !.!l07
6tS12 El Pilar (Haskell) 101
(t C50)»Watktn8 O\erton (Knebelkamp) ..... 9S
CC50 Illowaho (Stover) no
6C21 The Counselor (Qlfford) d7
First race — Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; Belling:
e«3l Dora I (Wellman) 104
6b31 Flaneur (Blanchl & Co.) m
6617 Toto Gratiot (Wilkerson) io«
<«ti~.*»)St. Wlnnlfride (Painter) 101
5fcO7 'Kentish Shrew (Lamasney Bros.) 9*
U>W Marelio (Qulnlan) iq«
C«U Rollick (Jones) m
€U15 Benlash (Jeuneas) ior;
6635 VCanon (Polk) 109
t>»J2y llodder (Buckholz) ic«
0010 Cherries (Stover) ;. 109
631!» Dandle Belle (Winter) km
(tt>35) Wager i (Guthrie) 103
6»j13 ».Vullah (McKenzle) lot
0637 'Ultruda (Kirk & Co.) lCtJ
out, a neck, with a trifle In reserve.
Golden Light was third.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
BERKELEY, April 15. — The ath
letes of the University of California
are about as fit as men can be for the
ordeal at Stanford Saturday after
noon. Trainer Walter Christie de
clares that their condition is the best
and that if the men can't win it is not
in them to. win.
As for the chances of winning the
field day California looks to have an
even break. At least. Christie think*
that way. He does not say California
will win or that she v.ill lose, but con
tents himself by saying that it will be
close. The fate of the whole day, ha
says, may rest on a single first or
second piace. as it did last year.
"I think it is pretty well even up."
said Christie to-night. "They will go
neck and neck to the finish. I wish
it was all over, so that we coald see
how they stand. -The California men
are in great shape now and so happy
and high spirited that it is encourag
ing."
The athletes will spend their last
time at the training table to-morrow
morning; when they will eat a light
breakfast before starting for Stanford.
They will lunch at the Occidental Ho
tel at noon and then take the 12:45
o'clock train to the rival university.-
There has been nothing but light
training on the track this "week. To
day nothing at all was . done. ;'Wil
cox's injured foot has mended so h«i
will be able to go over the stick again
in the pole vault. He hurt the mem
ber in falling one day last week and
has been limping around ever since.
CONFIDENCE AT BERKELEY.
I^asan's Home Rtui Is the Only Tally !
S«"orc at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, April 15. — Eagan's
home run in the fifth inning was the
•>nly van scored in to-day's game be
iween Tacoma and Los Angeles. It
\wjs a pitchers* battle. Both Hall and
Ker-Je were in fine form and there was
little to choose between them. Keefe
Allowed but three hits, while five was
the extent of Tacoma's batting. To
day's game was the fourth straight the
visitor* have taken from the cham
r-ions during the present series. At-
L^» An*e!*»— ! Taccma—
AB. n. II. P. A.' AB. R. H. P. A.
Urnrt.cf 3 © ft 2 0 Caiwy.Sh. 4 O O 3 4
Klnod.Sb. 4 O 1 3 2 Phr-hn.Sh. 4 O 1 ©¦ 1-
4 O O 3 2 Nrdylclb 3 « 2 « .!
• ravth.rf 4 <» 1 2 « Eajran.m 3 114 3
It»5.1f.. 3 0 12 0 Lynch.rf 3 0 0 .1 0
Ohffw.lb. 3 0 0 10 llMcLpn.lf 4 0 12 0
P.yrr.d.r?. 2 0 O I Zjliaovn.rf 4 0 0 10
Bplem.c. .": r» o 3 i;c;rahm.c .; <> <i :< i
HmII.p... 2 0 0 1 :;'Ke«fe,p.. 3 O O S 3
!
Totals 28 O 3 2T 11! T\rtak> 31 1 5 27 13
tttrtiS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Lo* Anrelea 0 0 0 0 0 O 0 0 0—0
Base hits 1 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 0—.".
Ta<*om« 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 ft— 1
• Ba»* hits 1 000201 0 1—5
EUMMAHT.
Stolen iM*e— Chaiv. Error* — Flood, p.ay
rr.rnd. Home run— E&gan. T»-o-l««e hit
MrL&URhMn. hit — Nordyfce. First
Isaac or errors— Taccma, 2.- ly-rt "on baso's—
L"« AnfTPlc-s. 4; Tacrma, «. Basen on balls—
Off Kwff, 3: off Hall. 1. Struck out— By
Hall. 2: by Kecfe. 2. Double plays — Flood to
Raymond to <"h»Fe: i:»r»n to Nordyke. Hit
l.y pitched ball — Lynch. Time of game — 1 -ao
V nr>i>! re — H uston.
I'OIR STRAIGHT IX)R TACOMA.
Collar offered by the Board of Supervisors
of Contra Costa County for the beit setter
bitch. entered from their. county— Won by C C.
L>e«*« Laura L.
Btihm Bristol Company trophy for the best
•etter or pointer — Won by John M. Goktbeck's
getter Ctto Jr.
Jr.hn Butler trophy for the best Gordon setter
Won by Dr. Frrd Clark's Homestead Boy.
Livta**'™ Jcnk« trophy for the best ' St.
Bernard— Won by Charles Newman's Champion
Lester' K. WelU trophy for the best St.
Bernard, opposite eex to the winner of the
Jenks trophy — Won by A. L. Hamilton's
Golden Fairy- • • ' • ', •¦- -.; • v ¦¦¦}.
S and O. Gump trophy for the beit Great
pane — Won by Mrs. L. S. Adams Jr.'s Rupert
° Lick Houm trophy for the best Great Dane
of the opposite «ex to the winner or the S. and
G Gump trophy — Won by Mrs. C. G. Saxe's
princefs Harlequin. v -
W F. ' Williamson trophy for the bert pair of
Great Danes owned by one exhibitor— Won by
John L. Cunningham's Ruy Bias and Carlotta.
Charles Newman trophy for the best Great
Dane bred on the Pacific Coast, entered In the
Walter Maree trophy for the best Irish set
ter of the opixwite sex of the winner of the
Ford trorhy — Won by A. B. Truman's
Champion Mike SwKetler.
Collar offered by the Board of Supervisors
of Contra. Corta County for the best setter dog
entered frcm their county — Won by John Gold
beak's Cato Jr.
E. Courtney Ford trophy for the bert Irish
petter — Won by Mrs. Howard Black's Lady
Josle II-
John E. de Ruyter trophy for the bfist Eng
lish Better bttch— Won by C. C. Loe'a Laura L.
Irving C. Ackerman tr«phy for the best Eng
lish welter puppy — Won by E. W. Moul ton's
Palo Alto.
The Wandee Kennels' fox terriers
won every special but one In that
breed. Wandee Coastguard was pro
nounced the best fox terrier In the
show. Ed Attridge's bull terrier Edge
cote Peer won in all the classes in
which he competed. Cato Jr. proved
the best of the setters, and also beat
the pointer Boston for the best of these
sporting breeds.
Tho big event at the show to-night
will be the Judging for the best dog in
the show. A large class will be entered
for this. The distribution of prizes will
also be held. The special awards in
their entirety are:
Shreve & Co trophy for the best brace of
pointers owned 'by one exhibitor— Won by W.
B. Coutt's Gl*n Rose and Bang Up.
Charles K. Ilarlry's (president's trophy) for
th© best fwtter of any variety — Won by John
M. Golotwck's Cato Jr.
S. F. Britton trophy for the b*st English
setter dog— Won by John M. Goldbeck's Cato
Jr.
The Judge, with the consummate art
of the actor, went about his work with
great deliberation, although the experts
at the ringside felt sure from the start
where the honors would rest. One by
one the entries were "given the gate,"
In show ring parlance, until only three
remained. These were Mrs. Charles
Newman's St. Bernard Lester C, Mrs.
L. S. Adams Jr.'s Great Dane Rupert
of Hentzau and Mrs. Charles K. Har
ley's bulldog Ivel Damon. The compe
tition finally narrowed down to the St.
Bernard and the Great Dane, and
Judge Mortimer looked them over crit
ically amid the breathless attention of
the spectators. He finally called for
the ribbon and handed it to Mrs. New
man. This Is the second year the big
St. Bernard Lester C has won in this
class.'
The most exciting and, incidentally,
the most picturesque competition of the
kennel club show In Mechanics' Pa
vilion last night was the Judging for
the best dog in the show owned by a
lady. The trophy was offered by Her
mann Oelrichs. Thirty-five prize ca
nines, with but few exceptions handled
by their owners, paraded before Judge
Mortimer. The strange collection, all
blue ribbon winners, included St. Ber
nards, Great Danes, collies, cockers,
toys, Boston terriers, English setters
and pugs.
The J. A. McKerron trophy for the best
colile of the opposite sex of the winner of
the Palace Hotel tronhy *on by Mrs. H.
McCracken'e Pret/dio Lassie.
The Oriental Cafe Irophy for the best col'.le
eutered in the novice claes won by Vlnril F.
Shaw's Vxplemont Shower of Gold.
Special prises offered by the California Col
lie Club: Sliver medal for best collie dog,
Mrs. L. W. Seely"s Old Wall Sandy; silver
medal fcr best collie bitch, W. P. Burnham's
Brandane Dollie; bronze medal for the best
Ctlifornia-bred collie dog, Mr*. L. W. Seely's
Old Hall Sandy: bronze medal for the best
Cailfornia-bred collie puppy dog, W. P. Burn
ham's Suniet Marvel.
The Walter S. Moore trophy for the best
bulldog won by Mrs. Charles K. Harley's
Ivel Damon.
The San Francisco Kennel Club'g trophy for
th» best bulldog of opposite sex to the wi~
ner of the Moore trophy won by Mark Welner's
Cunford Rurh.
The Dr. H. L. Tevls trophy for the best
Pacific Coast bred bullterrler, to be won three
time* before becoming the absolute property,
won by Ed Attrldge'a Edpecote Peer, first time.
The W. C. Ralston trophy for the ben bull
terrier won by Ed Attridge's Edgecote Peer.
Grain Brokers' trophy for the best bull ter
rier opposite **k to the winner of the Ralston
trophy — Won by John I. Sparrow's Edge wood
Jean II.
Charles Bliss trophy for the best bull terrier
In the novice claw— Won by Ed Attrldge's
Edeecote Peer.
F. & H. Quig trophy, for the best bull terrier
In puppy class— Won by Ed Attrtdge's Edge
cote Peer.
Yellowstone trophy for the best Boston ter
rier bitch owned In San Francisco County —
Won by Mrs. M. C. Greenberg's Glen wood
Enchantrets. • - , '
Henry Kahn trophy for the best Boston ter
rier bred on the Pacific Coast— Won by Mra.
G. L. King's Oaksldes-My Lady's Boy. :
Mrs. J. P. Norman trophy (Montez trophy)
for best brace of California bred Boston ter
rier puppies— Won by Mrs. G.- L. . King's
OakFldc«-H!ii Royal Highness and Oaksldes-My
Lady's Boy.
The Russian liazaar trophy for the bett Bos
ton terrier — Won by Mrs.' M. C. Greenberg's
Glenwood Enchantress.
Dr. A. T. Leonard trophy for the best
Dachshund — W«n by Marie Evans' Majula.
E. Courtney Ford trophy (Breeders' cup) for
the best Mnooth-coated fox terrier bitch, to be
Judged by two or more of her get and won
three times before becoming absolute property —
Won by Wandee Kennel*. New California
Jockey Club Trophy for the best fox terrier —
Won by Charles K. Harley's Champion Wandee
Cbastguarjd. H. C. Tllden trophy for the best
fox tetrier of oppoelte sex to the winner of
the Jocker Club trophy— Won by Oharlea K.
Harley'B Wandee Lucretla. T. W. Moore tro
phy ¦ for the beit Pacific Coast br«t smooth
fox terrier puppy dog— Won by Charles K.
Harley's Wandee Smasher. Charles Woolsey
Johnson trophy for the best Pacific Coast bred
fox terrier bitch — Won by. J. B. Martin's
Golden Soubrctte. F. H. Farwell trophy lor
the best brace of American bred fox terriers —
Won by Charles K. Harley's Wandee 'Smasher
and Wandee Snow Girl. Walter W. Btejthejmer
trophy for the best California bred fox terrier,
wire or smooth coated — Won by Charles K.
Harley'a Wandee Smasher. Charles _ K. Har
ley (President's trophy) for the best fox - ter
rier, owner not to compete— Won by Irving C
Ackermann's Bablne" Brightllgbt. Irving- < C
Ackermann trophy for the best fox . territr
opposite sex to winner of the President's tro
phy—Won by Charles K. Harley's Wandee Lu
cretla. Pacific fox terriers stakes, first t and
second division. *."> for the best dog, puppy
class — Charles K. Harley's Wandee . Smasher
$5 for »h» best dog. nor Ice data— Charles K
Harley'« Wandee Buck Up. *5 for ; the best
dog in the limit class — Charles K. Harley's
Wandee ' Mearns. $5 for the best dog, open
clasft— Charles K. Hariey*g Wandee Mearnn
*5 for the best bitch, puppy class— Charles K
Harley'e Wandee Enow Girl. |S for the bent
bitch, novice class — Charles K. Harley's Wan
dee Worry. $5 for the best bitch, limit clans
Charles K. Harley's Wandee 8ea Breese. ti tor
the best bitch, open class — Charles K. Harley's
Wande* Manila.. -. : . • -,-¦,. .'.
Ban Francisco Kennel Club's trophy for the
bert Irish terrier — Wen - by • James ¦ Wattson'a
Rfd Hill'* rnrtnr ?! T)TrHifW>3hlfT|WlOil(1iJ" ';
:,'. F. : J. Walker trophy for the best ' Pacific.
AnksffiKBaenewn *• . ¦
The Palace Hotel trophy for the best ecllie
won by Miss Delia Beach's Champion Hanover
Monarch.
puppy class — Won by Mrs. C. G. S&xe's Prin
ces* Harlequin.
Trophy for the best kennel — Won by John L.
Cunningham.
San Francisco Kennel Club's trophy for the
best greyhound — Won by J. H. Rosseter's
Rocker. <
Clabrough. Golcher Co.'s trophy for the best
American foxhound — Won by W. M. Berg's
Crowder. t
San Francisco Kennel Club's trophy for best
bitch— Won by W. tj. Kittle' s Rose.
P. J. Wenizer trophy for the best pointer —
Won by IE. Courtney Ford's Boston.
A. Fritnd trophy for the best pointer of oppo
«lte sex— Won by J. E. Lucas' Oregon Jessie.
The William S. Kittle trophy for^the best
Irish water spaniel won by William Wattson'a
Champion Dennis C.
.'AMERICAN LEAGUE.
NEW YORK. April 15. — The Boston* de
feated New York In the second came of tho
scanon h«re to-day. Powell was hit for four
three-bagger* and twodoublep. Elb»rf<»Id was
put out of the game for kicking and Manager
Griffith sent 'to the bench from the coaching
line. Attendance. 32CO. Score:
V < R. H. E.
Boston •••-. ••• • * l» :3
New 'York ;.".".:.' ;.............. 1-4 0
- Batteries — Gibson and ¦ Farrell, Powell and
McGulre. ' ¦ ¦'.
WASHINGTON, April 15. — Darkness put an
end to to-day's 1 came between Philadelphia
and Washington at the end of the tenth ln
nir.r with the score a > tie. The visitors made
a rood start in the first Inning, but the locals
Dlayed a strong uphill game, and took the
lead in the eighth. Philadelphia tied the score
In the ninth on a base on balls, an. error
and a slnsle. Attendance, 1100. Score:.
R. H. E.
Washington ...•• « JO 3
Philadelphia ••• 6 12 4
Batteries— Patten and Kittredge, Henley and
Powers. ¦ • :.-.-.;
Philadelphia 0 .'» 2
Boston •-. "-¦ « 12 0
Batteries — T. Barry. Breckenridge and Dooln
and Marshall; Plttlnger and Moran. Umpire —
Mcran..
ST. LOUIS, April 15. — Pittsburg and St.
I^ouls opened the National League season- here
to-<lay and. although the weather was cold
and raw, the attendance was about TOW). The
home team outhit the visitors, but failed - to
make their hits count and were defeated. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 4: 15 2
Pittsburg • 5 10 2
Batterlce — Taylor and Byer?, Phllllppl and
Phelps. Umpire— O'Day.
Brooklyn - 7 4
Batteries — McGlnnity and Warner; Cronln
and Bot«ln. Umpire — EmeUe.
CINCINNATI, April 15.— Darkness put an
end to the Cincinnati-Chicago game to-day
after ten innings had been iJ,iy<-d without h
decision being reached. Errors figured largely
ltj the run-getting of both teams. Attendance,
1S0O. Score:
Cincinnati '. 5 7 T.
Chicago • 5 0 3
Batteries — Helium and Peitz; Corridon and
Klin?. Umpire — Johnetone.
PHILADELPHIA. April 15. — Boston won to
day's game from- Philadelphia by hard batting
In the flrnt inning. Pittlnger pitched a fine
game for the visitors. Dooln was put out of
the game for disputing with Umpire Moran.
Attendance, 2SO0. Score:
NEW YORK. April 15.— Brooklyn met de
feat for the second time at the hands of the
New York team to-day in Brooklyn. Although
outbatted the New Yorkers supported their
pitcher in better style. Attendance, 1000.
Sec re:
New York S 6. 1
Darkness 1 Stops ' Chicago-Cincinnati
Game in Tenth Inning, the Score
Standing 5 to 5.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK TEAM DEFEATS •
THE BROOKLYN NINE AGAIN
• MRS. 'PHIL. M. WANDS DACHSHUND. DOUGIE E. WHICH WON IN HIS
CT.ASS AT THE DOG SHOW. AND THE ARTISTS IDEA. OF THE JEAL
OUSY WHICH EXISTS BETWEEN CANINE AND FELINE EXHIBITS.
ST. - LOCIS, Mo., April . 13.-rFalr Grounds
summary ¦: '
First race, four furlongs, two-year-olds,
purse — Broomhandle won. Major Outlook sec
ond, Platoon third.. Time, :50.
Seccnd race, seven furlongs, selling — Irish
Jewel won. Duelist second. Lingo third. Time,
1:30.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, selling
—Sharp Bird won. Our Lillie second, Sid Sil
ver third.' Tlnie. 1:09^-
Fourth .race, the Kinloch Inaugural mile
handicap — Sambo won. Fatalist second, Paul
Whaley third. Time, l'.42, . .
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling
— Semper V'lvax won. Flora Bright second, MU
klrk third. Time. 1 1 tlfii* ,* f \
Sixth race, six furlongs— Charley Thompson
won, Claremont e«-cond, Emigre third. Time,
l:16!i.
Sambo Takes Kinloch Inaugural.
Sixth race. mile -.and. 70 yards, scllinc—
Louisville won, Spencerianisecond, Volto third.
Time, l:4S»i. ; ", ! . . ¦
First race, six furlonss," selling;— Marco won,
Miriam W second, 'Amorous third. Time,
i:i*&. -' iy-*:4 ?-'." '•:¦..¦.. ¦•' -
Second race, six t'urlonps — Cognomen won,
Baywood second. Lady Lavish -.third. Time.
i:i*7^. : * -.; ---; ' •
Third race, four and a half furlongB — Philan
thropist won, Blue Bird seeend,- Vidalia third.
Time, :GS. '¦¦ " :
Fourth race, one mile — Judge won. Early-
Boy second. Safety Light third. Time. lHlfe.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling*— Bob Mc-
Lean won. Sanctum second, Australia third.
Time, 1:17. ' ' "
MEMPHIS. Tenn., April 15. — Montgomery
Park results: :
Kaciuz at Memphis.
Third race, seven furlong?, selling— AH Gold
won, Neptunus second. Wreath of Ivy third.
Time. 1:5®.
Fourth race, the Carter handicap, seven fur
jongjt — Beldame, 103 - (ONeil), 7 to 1. won;
Peter Pajl 8S (HUdebrand). 7 to 2. secor.d;
Wotan, 100 (Ttuebel), 8 to 1, third. Time. 1:27.
Rostand. Ascension, lied -Knight, . Spring,
Tribes Hill, Ostrich Conkllng. .Illyrla, Lord
Badge, Ahumada. Court Maid,. De I Reszke,
Rosetir.t and Sweet Alice also ran. ¦. -
Fifth race, selling-, four furlongs — St. I Bell
ilne. won. Gold Ten second. Long Days third.
Time. :49 1-5. , ¦¦ ' >¦¦
I Sixth rRce, fcix furlonss — John F. won. The
Lady Itohenia second, Andrew Mack third.
Time, 1:11 2-5.
NEW YORK, April 15.— The Carter
handicap drew between 15,000 and 20,
000 persons to Aqueduct to r day, wheii
the Metropolitan racing season \ was
opened. Newton Bennlngtoh's filly
Beldame won the handicap, leading
from start to finish. Peter Paul, the
favorite, was second/driving, with Wo
tan, which came out of the bunch in
the stretch, third. The track was in
first-class condition, but the weather
was cold. Results:
First race, five furlongs, selling — San Nicolas
won. Shady Lad second, Julia M third. Time,
1:«2. ' " - -
Second lace, four furlongs — Niblick won,
Blandry second. Tommy Waddell third. Time,
:19 4-5. . -
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 15.
— The Stanford track athletes are in
the pink of condition for the annual
intercollegiate meet with Berkeley,
which will be held on the Stanford cin
der path to-morrow. Everywhere there
is a quiet feeling, of confidence, and a
determination to win. An exceedingly
close field day is anticipated— one that
will ;be a- duplicate of the.heart-break
ing meet of last year — and yet the
Stanford supporters can see ' nothing
but a cardinal victory, by a slight mar
gin. The most conservative of them
give Stanford 62 points to 60 for .Cali
fornia, while others quote the cardinal
as high as 73. There is nothing quite
so uncertain, however, as an'intercol
legiate contest, and it is safe to say
the outcome of- to-morrow's contest
will be in the balance until the end of
the meet. — - ..-v';; O
Trainer "Dad" Moulton. to whose un
tiring efforts the condition of the team
is due,- has this to say about the
chances: "I think our prospects are
good. Our team ought • to' make 72
points. The condition of' the men is
fine — the nearer the time approaches
the more confidence they have."
Captain Holman also expects to head
a victorious team, but does not predict
so large a- score for the cardinal as the
trainer would give them. "We are go
ing to win," he said to-night, : "but the
score will - be • close, and, of course,
something might happen to upset cal
culations." v
Picking out the men who look like
the • largest cardinal point-winners,
there might be named N. E. Dole, "04,
Dunn, '04, Bell, '05. Holman, '04, C. E-
Hyde, '04 Crawford, '05, and Lanagan,
'04.'. These seven men will undoubtedly
carry off more than half of the points
made by Stanford.
Norman Dole, who earned the title
of champion pole-vaulter of the Pacific
coast last year, Is expected to carry
off the world's record to-morrow if con
ditions are favorable, He should put
the mark above twelve feet if he vaults
up to the; possibilities shown by his
practice work. He has also done high
er than 5 feet 10 inches in the high
Jump, and in the vicinity of 22' feet in
the broad 'Jump.
Walter Dunn of Stanford seems prac
tically conceded first place in both the
220 and 440 yard dashes by both the ad
herents of Berkeley and of Stanford.
He has covered the former distance
this year in :22 3-5, and the latter in
:51 3-5. Harry Bell, '05. tied with
"Brick" West, '06, in the broad Jump
in the Pomona meet, at 22 feet 2 3-4
inches, and practically equaled that in
jump a few days later in the Inter
class field day.
Captain Holman Is expected to re
peat his performance of last year In
winning the mile run, the first event
of the meet In addition Holman will
make some one run in very fast time
in order to win the half mile.
— StattV 1. Flrrt Uaf* en called ball* — Off
WhUtridpe S. off Ounlesvy 4. Left on bases —
<Jak!fcn<l f-. Seattle h. Struck out— By Whltt
ri'iFe 2. t.y Don'.nv)- 5. by Hughes 1. Hit by
rutr|i*»r — Pmlth, Hrash^ar by Whittridg*. Hall
by Dunleavy. Double play — B'.ankenshlp to
}-trh»h^ar to Deleharty. Wild pitches — Whltt
riCfe 2- Time of earn.-— 1 hour *ad 50 min
utes-. Umpire— McCarthy.
AB.R. H. P.A.! AB.H. H. P.A.
Onley, rf.4 Olll VHtn. cf.5 1210
Fnttkx. s.4 0 1 2 :SIch!r 2b.« 2 3 2 3
Kruitr. If .4 113 0i Smith* rf.5 3 3 2 0
i^vy. p,cf.4 O 2 O I^Frlek, II..3 2 © 4 0
Echfir. 2b.4 O 2 2 4 Hat! S....4 3 2 12
tUrelb. Ib.4 O 1 9 V Brshr, lb.2 2 1 12 3
Dvrx. Sb.4 « 1 1 2 DIhty. ob.5 12 2 2
Uotjrer. . c.4 « 0 9 »!::-..-'.;-. c.5 1 2 1 1
Whdre, p.0 l» 0 O 0, Hughs, ix4 1 1 2 2
KJmhani .1010 0'
t lnc>. ct.3. 0 0 0 1) Totals. S3 16 10 27 13
Totals. 3« 1 10 27 15'
•Batted for Wh-.tti-Mge in the fourth.
RCXS AND HITS BV INNINGS.
Seattle 3 O 8 2 2 0 0 0 1—16
Base hits 21 5221 1O 2— 1C
(. aklar.d 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 O 0 — 1
Bat* fclt« 0 12302 1 1 0—10
Nummary.
Base hit* — Off Whlttrtdg* 8. off Dunleavy S.
H--me run* — Hall. Smith. Stolen b&ses — Smith
Jiall. Krror — Franck*. Two-taw hit* — Brarh
'»r. Biar.kenrfiip. Kruper. Ganley. SchoSy.
UaSL Sacriflce bit— Ftiik. first base en cmirt
Hughe* was walloped hard, but re
ceived the best of support. Not an
error was made behind him and some
of the plays his fielders pulled off were
the real ones of the week. The score:
Oakland — I Seattle —
;»nd to bring in every man on the bags.
Nor did It Mop there, for the Seat
ileites opened up afresh after the
home swat and in all accumulated an
even eight.
It was in the fourth that Dunleavy
made his first and only appearance as
:t twiKt artist. He lasted the game out
and did well, as he sent the ball over
the plate. Smith smashed out another
home run in the ninth and it cleared
the fence in the same spot that Hall's
landed.
The real break-up happened in
round* three. Mr. Whittridge gener
ously placed a Seattle man on every
l'ifse and no one was out. Hall took
:< slam at that ball and some say it is
tToirtf yet out in the direction of the
Karallones. Anyhow, it went far
«'ii<>ug:h to clear the right field fence
leather to right field two runs arrived
smd when Hall walked it meant an
other one.
Mr. Whittridge ' had a peculiar
knack of throwing: four balls to each
liutsman who faced him. He did this
to two of them ia the first inning and
then allowed a hit, after two were
out. When Delehur.ty clouted the
As soon as the fans saw Mr. Whlt
tridjEre toss up the first few they. knew
it was curtains with Oakland, but
there wns hardly a man in the lot who
imagined The leaders would be beaten
3t> to 1. They were treated, however,
to the prize beating of the year and
in a food came of baseball at that.
W. L. Pct_: W. L. Pet.
j'tcomt 13 <i .tiM San Fran.. 9 11 -CT>0
Uakland 12 6 .tKiT tVattle 8 30 .Hi
Los Angeles. 12 * -tHW. Portland ..3 17 .150
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
Is Hard Driven by Jockey
• Hildebraiid to Beat Out
the Fast-Finishing Wotan
Hail and Smith Drive Ball
Over Right Field Fence
for Clean Home Run Hits
Partisans of Each Team Are
Conservative ~ in. Estimat
ing the Ultimate Score
OAKI.AKP BACETSACK- FRIDAY, April 15.— Weather cloudy.. .Track 'fast.
6033. KIRST RACE— One mile and 50 yard*; selling; 3-year-oldsand up;' to first. $325.
Index "Horse and Owner. Wt St. tf" %..¦%. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. d.
«5»0 Quibo. 6 (11. S. Blackburn)... 101 6 2,H 2 *i 2 1%1 n 1 n Knapp ',' 10 —15
0«21 Nellie Bawn.- 5 (J. McCabe).. 100 1 1 l)jl 2.1 M 2 1" 2 1% W. Pugan.. - * 9-2
6612 Emil. 3 IT. J. William*) 00 2 4 4 4 5 4 Itf3 t$ 3 % R. Butler.. 10 10
0615 Resigned, 3 (A. W. Coffey)... U3 3 3 2^3 3H3 3 4 1 4 lfc Reed - ' 0 . • 0
CC18 ltlpper. 4 (P. G. Lane) 105 14 12 & 8 n 7 2^5 2%5 3 Frowen ... ' "10 .25 .
6612 Vasallo. 3 (Piedmont Stable). 06 13 8 n 6 V, 5 4 6 % « 2 J. Lewis... 0-5 " 3-2
C59S Miss Vera, a (P. Q Lmch).. 00 12 ' «" % 9 4i 9 % 9 2 75 McBrlde .. '20 30
6518 The, Toiler.. 4 . (F. -Jones). .' }»O 15 15 "• / 10 h 11 n 10 2 8 H McGulre .. 20. 80
6522 County Down. 3 (Haskell).... 92 11 . 9 V, 7 1%6 n 7 0 n T. Butler... .20 15O
6011 Cinnabar. 3 (R. A. Smith)'/... 87 5 -61 5 h 10 vjll'2 10 2% Greenfield . .. 20 30
•5420 (Conger. 4 (Kirk & Co.):.. 90 » 11 Ull 1 81 8 %11 1 ; Herbert : 30 . 2C0,
CC15 Orpheus, a (J. J. CoaHer)...'. 101 7 7 1 12 4 13 8 12 1 12 4 Holbrook .. 30 ,200
0600 Maxetta, 3 (L\ Jeuness) ....'.. 02 S 13 r 13 %148 14 8 13 3 J. Jones : 20 25
««15 Homeric. 3 (O. P. Romigh).. 95 10 14 2 14 8 12 2 13 1 14 10 T. Clark...: .20 40
0518 Wolhurat. a (Kronnlk & Co.).| 8« 4 10 %15 15 15 15 Wright « 10
Time— :24?i. :49J4/1:15U. 1:43, 1:46. At post 3 minutes. Off at 2:16. Quibo. place. 6;
, show. :«. Bawn, place 2; show 1. Emll. show 2. Winner, ch. g. by Riley-Asnetta.
Trained by H. S. Blackburn. Start good. Won In a drive* of four. Knapp on winner
put up strongest ride. ¦ Emil ran a fair race Entire bunch could earn more money
haull ° g , m _ Uk _ w j?1 0 "'- _*^2. 8 _ A 21 f l e l J°l" ' 6 f^_ ___-,-.-¦- -<-.._._.o..,m..,- -.4-- '
6G34. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; selling; 2-year-olda; value to flrat. »325.'
Index Horse and Owner" IWt St. Vi '. H» % . Str.. Fin. J Jockey, yj Op. :.C1..
6015 Sileo (El Frimero Stable) 105 4 ... ... 1 1V51 2*41 2% J. T. Shehn .' 2 / 2 '
(fiiilO) Del Carina (It. A. Smith)....* 108 0 2n 2^21 Larsen .... r 2 8-5
tiGOTt PIrella (Mrs. Miller).; .105 5 3 1*43 3 3 %• T. Butler... ->,,.*<- 12
«V.55 Escobosa (Stewart & Co.).... 110 2 6 4 5 1 "4 4 . Haaclc:.... >• 8 20
6016 Saccharate (Xapa Stock Farm) 07 3 ... ... '5n'4n 5 6 J. Lewis... 12 15
6483 Orenore (J. Davis) 102 7 4 3 6 2%tf V, J. Jones 6 . « -
6016 M. A. Powell (M. Jones)....'.. 100 1 .... ... 7 3 7 hi 7 n Otis {• 12 15
David Boland (Balrd & Co.).. 105 10 ... ... 9 10 8 2 8 4 Knapp 20 (50
" 6C10 Tarcoola Belle (T. H. Miller). 1021 8 8 ti 9 6 9 8 Sherwood .. 100 200
. ... Cedarburg (Alhambra Stable). 107J 9 ... .'.. 10 10 10 Vlckery ... 20 100
Time— :24, :tSy t . At po?t 2 minutes Off at 2:42. Slleo. place. 4-5; show. 2-5. Carfna,
place. 3-5; show. 1-3 Pirelia. show, 5-2 Winner br. c. by St. Andrew-Silenta.
Trained by C. Winchell. Scratched— Mogregor Dresden. Start good. ; Won easily. Next .
three driving hard. Slleo Is fast and game. He looked beaten once,- but drew away
¦ . under punishment. Del'Carlna ran her race. Saccharate has-gone back. -• Grenore not
.-at his best. . ' . -.
<4«35. THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
i Index I Horse and Owner. |Wt St. Vi- *b- *h- Str. Fin. Jockey." ;Op. . Cl. ,
0013 Wager. 4 (J. Guthrie).. Ill 6 ... 4 1%2 3 2 2%1 1>4 J Jones ,8 .'¦ 8
05«« Shell Mount. 5 (J. Ryan) 114 4... 94 0%5h 2 XV, Holbrook .. ' '. 6 ; 10
0«>l Sir Preston. 4 (Scharetg). . . .. 115 5 . . . :t H 3 % 3 h 3 n See -.i. --8 15
(W113) Titus. 4 (D. Meek) ......Ill 2 ... 1 i%l'3V,l n '4 h J.-Lewis... 4 13-5
C617 Puss in Boots. 4 (Josephs). . . 106 8 ... 7 n 6 V, 4 n 5 2% Knapp. .... 8 »
6(31 Brennus. 4 (S. Judge).... 115 7 ... 6 n 7 1 8 1 6 3 ¦ W. Dugan.. 4 "8
€306 Our Pride. 5 (Howe Stable).. 114 10 ... 10 1 9 1 9 2 7 *i F., Kelly.... 10 20
•5374 (Xanon. a (S. Polk).. ....:.... 114 3 ... 8 142 1 1 . 8 2M Sherwood .. 6 7 *
15738 i Rosebud. 5 (C. Parker) 107*1 ... 2 h S IVi'i •"> 9 1\* Crosswalte 2O 30
CC17 Walter, « (F.N. Hayes): 114 11 ..;il 11 10 3 10 3 Reed 15 15
0C1O [Sir Dougal. a (Sheridan).. ... Ill 9 .'. . i h 10 2 11 11 J. T. Shehn 20 y)
Time— :23>4, :50^. 1 :CSVj. At post IVi mioutea. Oft at 3:07. Wager, place. S; show,
8-5. Shell Mount, place, 4; show, 2 Preston, show,. 3." Winner, b. g. iy Wagner-Fa
vena. Trained by F. Boughsman. Scratched— HJrtle. Han Lutlon, Skip Me. Prlestlike,
Educate. Start good. .Won cleverly. Next three driving. .Wager perfectly ridden.
'•: .With better' racing luck Shell Mount mlgbt have won. Titus tired -toward the close. .
. -Brennus can do better. ¦: So can Nanon. Throw this race out. Rosebud quit. . »Los An
geles.Index 65S6. ¦ tLos Angeles Index 6577. ¦ v> ¦ • ¦ ''
GG30. . FOURTH RACE— One mile and 50 yarda; selling? 3^year-old» and up;-to Hrnt, $325.
Indexl , Horse and Owner. Wt St. U- M- ' '%• Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6617 Glenrice. 4 (J Guthrie) 104 3 G 1 8 6 3 4 2 1 % J. Jones 6 12
0017 Orchan, 3 (Edgpwood S. F.).. 02 11 0 3 7 1%4 2 1 n* 2'«» J Lewis... « 5
630(J Vlrpie dOr. 6 (Becker) 00 8 8>n 6*; 5n 6 n, 3 1' Knapp .... 6 7
6503 Hellas. 4 (J. Creely) 106 6 2 2^2 % 2 n 3.% 4 XV. Dugan.. 20 15 !
6623 Illowaho. 5' (H. Stover) 110 2 7 h 6 h 8. hi 5 h 5 1 • See 13-5 2
C602 Ftortana Belle, 3- (R.D.MIUer) 90 4 1 b 1 1^1 % 2 % 6 V, Bowman .. 25 50
,C5L'O Theodora L. 4 (P. E. Smtth).. 104 9 11 10 h 10 3 9 1 7 n McBride ... 30 CO
<;5fWJ Pencil Me, 0 (J. N. Mounce).. 101 5 .5 1 0 3 9 2 10 2 8 2 Sherwood .. 80 4O
6015. Harka, 3 (Wentworth & Lee). OH 10 3n 4n74 s i,j <j :: Holbrook .. 10 30 .
6017 Polonius. 4 (Stewart & Co.).. 109 1 10 h 11 11 11 10 3 Haack 5 7
(52S1) Tizona. a (Partington Bros.).. K»; 7 4 2 3 h 3 h 7 2 11 Fitzpatrlck 20 50
C."0; v . lHarry Beck. 5 (Lynch & Co.) 102 Left ... Slnnott .... 6 12
Tlme-^:24'i. :40&, 1:15%. 1:43%, 1:46^. At post 1H minutes. Off at 3:34%. Glenrtce.
place. 5; show. 5-2. Orchan. place, 2; show, 1. Virgie. show; 0-5. -Winner, b. m. by
Dr. Rlce-Glenore. Trained by F. Boughsman. Scratched — Chlleno. Sollnus. Judge Voor
h!e« . Start poor. Won in a drive of three. If she regains her Eastern form Glenrice
will beat better ones. Orchan came from far back. Illowaho cut oft half a dozen
times. Polonius cut. off at sta/t. ¦ . r . • ; >¦-'**,-
G0r{7. FIFTH RACE — Futurity course; handicap; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, |400.
Index Horse and Owner. .. |Wt|St. V t : ;%. *; . Str. Fin. Jockey. Op! CL
"6570 Don Domo. 3 (J.F. Newman) 00 I ..." 4 % 2 l' 1 1 1 3»4 Knapp .... JT" 5
(«5t)9) Atwood 3 (Hemlngray) 09 5 ... 61 4n3h2%J Jones 2 2
0498 Sad Sam, a (H. Green) 114 2 ... 3 »; 3 1 4^.11 jsherwood .. 10 13
(0«]« Lady Kent, a (J. Ryan) 104 7 ... 8 7 1 63 4 3 IHolbrook .. 15 20
5932 Money Muss. 6 (E. Gaylord).. 112 3 ... 1 % 1 *£ 2 n 5 2% See 6 12
(6570) Hagerdon. a. (H. L. Frank). 114 4 ... 7 2^6 1 7 "4 6 2 J. Lewis... 3 16-5
6614 Mlsty's Pride. 4 (Jones & Co.) 104 «... 2 % 5 Vj 5 % 7 4 W. Dugan.. 15 15
(5992) Ulctma. 5 (W. F. Robb)...... 96 8 ... 5%8 8 8 Reed 50 60
Time — :23i$, :47%, 1:00ft. At post 3 minute*. Off at 4:02 Domo, place 2; show 1.
Atwood. place. 1; show. 1-2. Sam. show. 5-2.- Winner, gr. g. by Rancocas-Falthless.
Trained by H. F. Newman. Start fair. Won easily. Balance driving. Don Domo came
from behind gamely winning as he pleased. Atwood away none too well and compelled
to rick his way. Sad Sam had his spe*d Money Muss quit. Hagerdon was appar
ently outfooted. -¦- Mlsty'a Pride outclassed. • f
; 6U:5S. SIXTH RACE— One mile and 70 yards; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first. $323.
Indexl Horse and Owner. Wt St. \i. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl. -
6C20 ICaronal 4 (Chappell & Co.).. 1O4 1C 3h 22 In In J Jones 6-5 11-10
«608 Forest King. 5 (S. J. Jones).. 104 <: 1 Ujl 1 lh 2 1^2 6 W Dugan.. 3 0
0C26 Golden Light. « (McCafferty) lrtl 3 2 n 4 % 4 1 «£4 1 3 h J 't. Shehn 10 12
€620 I Know. 6 (F. E. Burnell)... SM2 6 % 6 525^43 Crosswalte 4 9-«
«(J20 Rey Dare, 0 (J C. Nealon).. 96 4 4 1 2n 3n 6 5 % J. Lewis... 8 1"
»I547 Hth. Honey. 4 (Leach & Cook) !<i 5 3 |J 5 'J « 3n« Knapp .... 15 i"
65.'.0 j Pierce J. 5 (E. Gaylord) 03 Left ... Wright 10 25
Time — :24. :49>i. 1:13U>. 1:40%. 1:45. At post 2 minutest Off at 4:20. Caronal. place 2-5
show. out.' King, place. S-5; show, 1-2. Light, show. 7-5. Winner, bj c bv St. Cario-
Orellana. Trained by C. W. Chappell. Scratched — Flaneur. Oro Viva. Start good for
all but Pierce J., Won easily. Balance driving. Caronal well ridden and best. Forest
King ran hi> race. I Know away none too well Rey Dare quit.
PETER PAUL IS SECOND
M'UITTBIDGE WALLOPED
SHARP FIGHT EXPECTED
Representative' . of Newton
Beniiing'toii Leads 'From
the Flagf all to the Finish
Lojiman s Leaders Treated to
the Prize Beating of the
Year by the Northerners
Animal Field Day Between
: Y Stanford and California
•? to Be Held -at Palo Alto
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
CARTER HANDICAP
IS TAKEN BY THE
FILLY BELDAME
ATHLETES' HOPES
RUN HIGH AT THE
RIVAL COLLEGES
SIXTEEN SEATTLE
TOSSERS PARADE
OVER THE PLATE
THE . SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY,,, APRIL, ,. 10. ; 1904.
ST. BERNARD LESTER C CARRIES OFF HIGH HONORS AT BENCH SHOW
Allowed to Run- Loose by His Stable Connections the Gray.
Streak : Defeats A4wood, Sad Sam and/Other Fast Ones.
' ; J.Jdnes Pilots Three Winners— Wager and Glenrice Score
DON DOMO, WITH KNAPP UP,
A SURPRISE IN HANDICAP
Most Spectacular Competition of Kennel Club" Exhibition
Holds Tensest ; Interest of Big Crowd of Spectators
Special for Best Dog Feature! Event of To- Night's Card
LADIES PILOT PET DOGS
THROUGH SHOW RING MAZES
11THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL US, 1904.
12
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— -3IAI.E. J
WANTED — A man with over 20 years' ex-
perience In lodging, railroad construction
and timber tatlmatlng would like a position
¦ as traveling agent to look up timber land or
take charge of extensive logging operations:
references. Address C. box 1187, Call office.
STENOGRAPHERryoung man of ability and
. wide experience, competent tp take entire
charge of correspondence of wholesale house;
- general office man; understands systematlx-
lng of business. Address box 1630, Call.
MAN and wife would like situation on private j
place where woman could wait on table or
take care of children; would go to summer
resort; references. Address JOHN BAKER.
958 Mission st.
AUTOMOBILE to drive and care for by expe-
rienced, sober. Industrious man; private fam-
ily; country preferred; fine all around fel-
I i°^'j best re * er ences. B6x 153S, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS machinist and engineer wants
position; age 30; has 12 years' experience in
the line; Is also good draftsman. Box" 1624.
Call office.
YC13NG man from the East would like a situa-
tion as (salesman; good experience in dry
goods also the Jewelry business. Box 15S5,
Call office. . .
AN artist understanding the business would
like to renew old paintings; can patch up
cracks and holes and make It look like new.
Telephone Howard 3034.
A COACHMAN, gardener, butter-maker and
milker; raising .of chickens; willing and
obliging. C. K.. 500 Washington Bt. U
| COACHMAN (English)? competent, reliable i
man, excellent references, seeks position. Box
. 15S2, Call office.
EXPERIENCED and reliable grocery clerk
and bartender, married man. desires posl-
tlon in country. Address bo» 3017. Call.
A PAINTER, paperhanger and tlnter wants
work: . rates reasonable, or by the day.
Painter. 737 Harrison st.; basement. 1
YOUNG man (20 yeara of ace) dealrea a posi-
tion aa stenographer; good references. 972
Chester st., Oakland.
WANTED— By young man (22 years of age)
position as stenographer; best of references.
l>72 Chester st., Oakland.
RESPECTABLE Japanese wishes position In
private family: would like to take care of
horse and cow; wages $25 per month: speaks
EnglUh well; city or country. Box 1C01, Call.
JAPANESE boy wants situation to do cook-
In::, email washing ar<l windows; $6 week.
C. I. TANA K A. 1410 Pine St.
JAPANESE couple want position; man Is
cook and wife for general housework. Ad-
dress A. FUJII. 118 Eddy st.
JAPANESE wants position as cook; wages $7
. up. Address HARRY, 1006 Hyde at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscriptlons has been established at 1006
Valencia St. . . • . ¦ .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at r»ll branch orflce. 2200 Flllmore.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and fiats are list-
ed In our -free renting department:- over 1000
In number: a combined list from all agencies;
let U9 give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fail; service Iree. . ¦_,';¦ '•
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1CXJ MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
\ ¦ 2ZHH
A — HOUSF.S nnd flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this ilepartment; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.
EIGHTEENTH, near Valencia— New flat. . 5
room? and bath; all modern Improvements;
527 50.
Sixth, near Bryant— Two flats of 4 rooms
each: $7 50 each. Apply to G. A. LEROUX.
29 New Montgomery st.
ELEGANT new flat, G large sunny rooms, all
modern; rent low to responsible party. 874
Valencia et., near Twentieth. J^- _
TENANTS about to move from • beautiful new
flat. 12.-.4 California. St.. (Nob Hill), will sell
- new carpets to next tenant at bargain.
LAKG st.. near Ninth ave. — Two new 6-room
flats; rent ?25 and $30. .' ; - -'
NEW upper 7 rooms, bath, etc. ; marine view.
1520 Pacific ave. - ¦ ' - ,
DOWNTOWN .upper flat; sun-all day;- marine
view; U rooms; bath; %£>. TiHiU Pine st.
RAUSCH, . 32A — Three sunny rooms; large
| yards.
KI.ATS TO LliT KUltXISHEI*.
PAGE, 1302— Sunny, 5-room fiat; nicely fur-
nished; one block from park; for summer
months; ?37 50. '
FURNISHED, flat for sale or rent. 3% Mon-
roe St.. off Bush, above Stockton.
CAPP. 614 — Desirable, 5-room flat:, piano;
coal and gas range; call between 11 and 4.
\ FLATS FOR SALK— FUU.YISHED.
NEW carpets and rurnlshlngs of 7-room flat for
sale at frreat bargain; fiat rents for $37 50
per month; lease Indefinite. Inquire at 770
Ccle st.
LOVELY new flat; sun in every room; furn. al-
most new; cheart rent; $265. Call 10 to 3,
242 Noe at.'. n»ar Market. ' '
PUllMTURE FOR SALE.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, stoves and
household good.*: flats bought. Mission Auc.
• House, 429-4.TJ Valencia; tel. Church 3870.
FIKMTUKE WAATKD.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
• Don't s'll your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
WANTED — A box couch; not over 5 feet long
and 2 feet wide: state price asked. Box
2750. Call office.
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush 4H7.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc.; tel. Larkin 3G3L 634 Ellla.
aT WOLLPERtT 773~M isslon. phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
B. T. SCHELL, 2412 Mission, tel. Church 5570.
pays best prices . for furniture, carpets, etc.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. -H.
BURP. aucttoncer.lSlS Mkt. :tel.Howard 2756.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
COOK for'Sltka. Alaska... $40
Cook. 2 in . family, no washing $35
3 cooks, city and country $30
Laundress, Menlo Park.. ..$30
¦4 second girls, city $25
Maid and teamstress, sleep home i'iS
Nurse for Invalid.:.... $25
Nurse'for 2 children $-iO
3 waitresses, restaurant and hotels. ?25 to $30
Cook on ' ranch :. .$20
Ironer for laundry $10 week
Cleaning woman for home $20
Housework,' 2 In family, Cheyenne.. ......$30
. 55 houseglrle, city and country.. $20, $25, $30
Apply to J. F. CROSETT, 334 Sutter st.
• MAN and wife for private place; country;' see
boss here. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 834 Sutter.
AT! 508 Mascn St., Mrs. Walser. phone Black
1C33: woman ' as ¦ cook : and housework, 3 In
family, | $25; woman 'aa cook and housework,
4 in family. ,$30; nurse girl, 1. child, full
. - charge, . ?20. ¦ ' . . .'.'.,'
A— WANTED-^Girls to learn halrdresalng.
. manicuring, etc.: trade taucht from A to Z
" In 2 weeks; $5 to those 'entering now; 3 po-
sitions, to fill immediately: positions guaran-
teed at $10 per w*k up; . leading, school In
.West. . 233. Geary St.. room 13. •
•A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son : both seasons taugntrfrom start to finish
.In 1 month, for ,$15: positions as trimmers.
Eg salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
-day and' evening class. 143 Stockton st.; r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade. . manicuring, massage, etc. 1230 Mar-
ket st., cor.' Jonts, , room 94; positions secured
- at; highest wages; day and eve. class;, call.
A— OPERATORS, wanted on ladles', under-
/wear: good pay and steady position. 650
• Mission st. •
A— OPERATORS . on ladles'; wash skirts; good
pay and ; steady; position. 656 Mission st.
A-^OPERATORS on " ladles' waists; good pay.
< 650 Mission 'at.. /
NURSE ; wanted""" to take care of child about
. 2 yeara old; must be untneumbered and come
i, well recommended ; , state age, . experience and
salary expected., Apply. box 1650, Call office.
WANTED-^-Neat, '• ladylike : young : women . for
. demonstrating cereals at Grocers' • Fair. ; Call •
"at 40O Front St.. 0:30 to 10:30 a. m." '
A ; HEAD ' waitress, : first-class summer resort;
" ¦ state experience ?and references.".- Apply ; box
16S5. Call offlca. * J '
REFINED French .upstairs, girl/-. with refs.;
¦ must ; be ' good .. sewer. Hotel ; Granada. ": r. ; 1)0.
EXPERIENCED .waitresses wanted at 7 Ninth
BUSIjygSS_CHAyCE8-—Conttnned. ~
A— STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are you looking f or . a safe and profitable
business openlnc In San Francisco? If so,
we can offer you any number requiring an
investment from $1(» to $50,000; every busi-
ness opportunity that passes through our of-
fice must stand the closest Investigation, and
we can place you In a store, factory, hotel,
mill, office, or, In fact, any business you
may prefeft
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 027 Market at.
A— HANK AND, COMMERCIAL references.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 027 Market et.
~ A~GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can Invest $500 In a
hlch-class rtal estate office and fill position
of cashier: experience not necessary; Invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 027 Market St.
A— WE WILL FURNISH YOU A BO*ND. «
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 927 Market st.
A— SHIPPING AND TRANSPORTATION. |
A business man who can tnvest $5000 cash,
with services, can secure good opening with
Wen-class company in this city.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
A— WE CAN FURNISH YOU A PARTNER.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 027 Market Bt.
A— HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; 80 rooms: richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy: large din-
ing-room with 10 tables and Imported Vienna
chairs: the best carpets money can buy
throughout; finest linen and best silver ser-
vice; 10 years' lease; $10,000: easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 027 Market »t.
A— WE CAN SKLL YOUR STOCK.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 027 Market at.
A— $100 REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof showing that
any person ever loet a dollar who invested
any money In or through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Casltal stock. $50,000.
©27 Market Bt.. rooms 321, S22, S23. 824.
A— ONLY HIGH-CLASS INVESTMENTS.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
XTI 2 PER CENT MONTHLY \
On Investments of flOO and upward: no get-
rlch-qulck" swindle or gambling scheme, but'
a reputable business estab. 3 years In S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market St.
A — WE refer to 10.000 successful clients.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market ft.
aZ a~safe investment.
11000 cash and services secure interest and
office of treasurer In an Incorporated realty
and Investment company; ?15O monthly as-
sured: highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market et.
A-WE CAN SELL YOUR BUSINESS.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 927 Market st.
A— MERCHANTS, ATTENTION'.
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so, we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will Invest from $100 to S50.000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on i»ur books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 027 Market Bt.
A— Largest brokerage company on Pacific Coast
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market St.
A— THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold stock of the Northern Bay
Co.. ?25; will be worth J200 by August. 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
WANTED— To buy a half Interest or the
who!- of a good paying business: state
amount required. Box S040.' Call office.
FOR SALE^ — A general merchandise etore In
a good business town in San Joaquln County.
Full particulars box 3037. Call office.
GENERAL merchandise store In a growing
town In this State: will sell whole or half
Interest. Box 35SS. Call office.
GENERAL merchandise and feed stofe on N.
P. C. R. R. for sale: will either sell prop-
erty or rent same. Address box 3532. Call.
FURNITURE and hardware Btore In a live
city In California for *ale. Address box
4129. Call office.
HARDWARE and plumbing business for sale
on account of rolnc out of business. Apply
1454 Oventh st.. Oakland.
OYSTER and chop house for sale: cheap rent;
good location: living rooms. 1 Eighth tt.
DELICATESSEN— Will sell cheap; leaving city
on account of sickness. Box 1693, Call office.
$100— BOARDING and lodging; 15 rooms, fur-
nished: rent $15; good place. 330 Main st.
FOR sale — Coffee and chop house, with cash
register; price $S0. Box 1604 Call office.
1^00 — FOR sale; bargain; saloon on Sixth st.,
near Folsom. 112 Ellis St.. bet 12 & 1 o'clock.
$10,000 CASH only: sawmill In good locality
for sale. Box 15S8. CalK
WANTED — Good carpenter as partner In Job
shop. 3373 Eighteenth at. ¦ ¦ -
WANTED— Men with seme capital to take
position' in new company. Box 3503, Call.
GROCERY with bar wanted. Address with
lowest price, box 4232. Call , of flee.
FOR SALE — Restaurant: good location. Box
3111. Call office.
DELICATESSEN store- for sale; good location
In the MlsMcn. Box 3014. Cal'. office.
GROCERY store In East Oakland for sale;
low rent: stable and yard. Box 309S. CaU.
A FIRST-CLASS manage parlor, doing jjood
baslneci. for sale cheap. Apply 71S Larkin Et.
A BRANCH office of The Cell for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1CCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. tn. ¦
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weakly
Call. 18 pages, rent to any address In tb«
ITnlted States or Canada one year for $1.
KjHUCATlO 3 AL.
AT home In our new qua-tera, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of buelnexa
etudy In the entire West. New. complete.
extensive departme.its. Thorough, Inspiring
Instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 001-
925 Golden Gate ave. -
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; established 18 yeare;-the school that
secure* positions for graduates; Just added 2!»
new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. 3.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
lan£TU2g!.'», telegraphy. English branches: day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 123G Market st.
LEARN SPANISH In 2 months; rlasses In
French and Spanish $5 a month.
B F. > AMES Teacher of Languages.
;' ¦ ' - 2CS Golden Gate ave.. cor. Hyde st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey asspy, cyanide; day. ev. ; est 1804. Van
der Nalllen School, US Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SOCIAL* dances Wed.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sun. ;
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing, 1550 Market, nr, Larkln.
ATTEND Gallasher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 13S2 Marltet; catalog.
WESTERN Business College :Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth.,
rpcIHns. writing, etc.; day. eve.; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of M!nes*Electrldty. 24 Post
Et.. S. F.j a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
SPANISH — A practical and progressive method
RAFAEL SHRRANO, 530 California, r. : 4/
i GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
I mandolin club. $1 per mo. ' S2S Halght «t.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION -Day~and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine rt.— Night class.
PIANO lemons, 25c half hour. MRS^~PECK.
_experl«iccd_teacher. 1013 Mission, nr.- Sixth.
ADVERTISEMENTS'.- eubscriptlons received at
Call branch office; cor. Duncan & Church ats.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and mil>«crlptioni« has been
opened at 1008 Market . et.. opposite Fifth
Open until 11 w. m. ¦ • .i . ~T.
:^ w coa^CTioN orricEa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made-
city cr country. Pacific Collection Co.. ¦ 413
Montgomery, rooms »-10: tel.: Main 5580.?'
COTTAGE* TO LET.,
$11— NEW cot.. 5 rs.; $8, cot., 5 rs. 17 Roscoe
I firtt Et. to right off Crescent av; 'Mission cars.'
CREPrT ciiOTgixaa. ~~~
C- K. ADAMS CO. ~~ ¦~~-~~~-™~~~-~ .
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the , whole family, from, hats ' to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Crtrllt for all. ,318 Mason st: ' " -.
CLOTgraO 3EITOVATnfQ. <
SUITS cleaned and . pressed. ' $1; scouring 'And
dyetogi Bon Marche. 40 > Ellis ' st.. room 14;
tihone Drumm 44. . Call. for and : deliver free..
.* : ' \ CT7KES , BUFTUiCE." *%' ..;. '-.. ¦'
WHO?— Hunter. 120« Matket su: $100; rupture
cure for $10; circular explains; send for one.
BUSINESS CI1AXCES.
A — SC500; GRILL and barroom, with 8-year
leave; rent S5O; the leading business of its
kind in manufacturing town about «0 miles
from S *'.- a rare chance for any live man
who wishes to make money; value In sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2C',6 Kearny at.
A— $4M); TJELICATESFEN and pork store:
about 1 block routh of Market: sales average
$550 per month- owner baa another business
and must sacrifice. Call It. G. WILKE. 20V4
Kearny st.
A—* 1250: CORNER grocery etore on Kearny
tU; full value in bight; a splendid chance
lor an Italian. Call It. G. WILKE. 'MM
Kearny et.
• a — $750; SALOON on Montgomery St.: place
I established years; owner "clearing about ?1*J5
per month: investigate: a bargain. Call K.
O. WILKE. 2C4 Kearny st.
A— $760; CORNER saloon on Howard St.: safe.
cash register, pool table, etc.; rent $30; 2
rooms; position of $200 per month accepted
by owner cause of eale. R. G. WILKE,
2C% Kearny et.
A — $3000: CAFE and grill room In one of the
beet located hotels of this city; rent $100; a
rplendld chance for an active young man
knowing his business: lease: liberal term*
given. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— 1500; saloon, close to Mason and Market;
rent $110; a place established years and doing
a first -class paying business; value In eight.
' Bee R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $3250; corner ealoon on water front: rent
$80; gocd lease; place established year*; In
large brick building and doing an Al busi-
ness; disagreement of partners only cause of
¦ale. R. G. WILKE. 20^4 Kearny »t.
A — $2000— DRUGSTORE close to Call building;
eetab. 16 years; well paying; value In stock;
a very rare chance for good druggist. Bee
R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny et.
A— $3000 — CORNER saloon: close to Call bldg:
8 yeara' lease; net rent $120; thi« Is one of
the beat saJoon locations In this city, and
a live m»n can clear $500 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny at.
X— $1000— SALOON and liquor atore on Sixth
*t.; r*nt $50: business O K. but owner is en-
gaged In other business; must sell at once.
R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny mU ¦ •
A — $4500^ — COFFEE. tea and crockery store; one
of the leading- businesses of this kind ajid in
choicest location in this city; rent $U5; all
cash trade: stock will invoice $4000; a very
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny gt.
A— $1300— CORNER cigar etand on Kearny;
rent $S5: lease; a pood business; come and
Investigate. R. G. WILKE, 2CH Kearny st.
Al BLOCK of land. 300x300. In San Leandro.
with bouse or 4 rooms; Income $400 per
year from fruit; will exchange for dairy
ranch. Call R. G. WILKE. 20 4 Kearny st.
A — $4000 — CORNER grocery and bar on Larkln
et., doing a fine cash business; value tn
etght; fresh tnock; no bttter location in this
city. See R. G. WILKE. 2CVi Kearny St.
A — $200<"' — COFFEE salocn and restaurant on
waterfront, clcs« to Market st. ; place estab-
lished years and well paylric: daily receipts
about $60. Call R. G. WILKE, 2«^, Kearny.
A— $1100— SALOON, with 3 room*; close to
Kearny and Bush sts.; rent $75; lease; place
easily clear* j£<*) »er month; nice fixture*,
choicest stock of liquors. All particulars of
R. G. WILKE. 2G4 Kearny Ft.
A— JI750—CORNER crocery and bar on
O'Farrell st. ; place kept by present owners
8 years and doing a good paying cash busi-
ness; fresh stock: value In sight. R. G.
WILKE. 2fi^ Kearny st.
A— JCiO— CORNER bakery. with 1 flvtng
rooms; «bout 2 blocks north of Market St.;
will be sacrificed if sold at once; owners to
leave city. CaU R. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kearny.
A — $750 — CANDY store and lee cream parlors,
with stationery, etc., on Devlsadero Bt. ; 3
living rooms: a Eiilendld location and good
business, tee R. G. WILKE. 2e»J Krarny.
A — $3000: COAL, hay and grain yard: on Geary
ft.; rent $40; lease; 3 horses. C wagons; busi-
n»F? estab. years: Investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 20^ Kearny et.
A — $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery In
cholceFt location: rent *80; daily receipts
about $70; a good business, but sickness of
owner compels Mm to it tire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26», Kearny st.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses S3T>0 to $1000
Candy and Icecream parlors $200 to $2500
Barber shops $500 to 12500
Cigar Hand* $350 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloons $100 to $10.0(0
Restaurants $350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $:«O0 to $1000
Drug stores $2000 to $0000
Delicatessen stores $250 to $4300
¦Wood and coal yards $250 to $louo
A FIRST-CLASS opportunity for druggist or
doctor; fine location fcr drugstore; guod fix-
tures, counter? and showcase; rent only $00;
business already eetablUhed; with 6 rooms
and bath in rear; elegantly furnished
throughout: everything complete for house-
keeping of the best quality; price $lS00.
CAMERON &. CO.. 3 Eddy rt.
FOR sale or trade — Quarti mines: fine prospect;
located In CaL] assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg. -house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
BEAUTIFULLY located rummer resort: fine
groves: CC-room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lcaye; raise own hay. vegetables: all
kinds fruit: rent $500 per year; equity In
thle $25<K); death In family cause of sale.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR tale — One of the best restaurants In city:
cheap rent: receipts $75 to $100 day: will
bear investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy ft.
FOR sale — Ladles' furnishing and fancy goods
buMnew: cne#.p rent: well located; estab-
lished 12 years: will Invoice $S000; sickness.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR eale — Half Interest in good paying, swell
listle restaurant; obliged to leave city; a
enap at $275. CAMERON & CO.
$350 SECURES Interest In light office wotk
whereby party can easily clear $90 monthly;
reference* exchanged: experience not neces-
sary; I've man wanted: bona fide proposition.
Particulars 1007 H Market et.. room 1.
$125 — PARTNER wanted In broker's and in-
surance office; experience not necessary;
must have, some references; good opening.
100JV, Market Ft., room 1.
BUSINESS chance that will rtand InvesMga-
tlon; barber shop, cigar rtand and bootblack
etanJ for eale; one of the finest furnished
*hops in San Francisco; cigar stand well
ctocked; 7 living rooms upstairs; sublet 4;
clears over $200 mo.; price $2200 cash. Ad-
flregg box 159«. Call.
A— OYSTER and chop house; 14 tables: private
rooms, connected on recond floor; elegant bar-
*:Hirs: ppyirg hu«lnw must be sold: good
locality; established V0 years. H. DOYLE
IKi Market st.. above Sixth.
GRASP this opportunity — Livery and boardlns-
etat'Se, doing a flourishing business, clearing
$40O monthly; thorough Investigation; book*
open for. inspection; amazingly low price.
y.1500. HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
ENGINEER or business man with a few thou-
sand dollars can set lucrative occupation and
interest In suecesKful business. Box 1C21.
Can of fife.
A CROCERY etore fcr wle; good family trade-
owner retiring from business; rent reason-
able; 15 years In businezs. ¦ Owner. 1231 Park
St., Alameda. . Cal.
FOR sals— Paper rente of 500 papers dally.
In connection with stationery and large list
of periodical Eubrcrlbers; best cash town on
coast. Address box 3040. Call office.
FOR rsale — Very reasonable: Marin County
right to the Klncald Ideal Washing Mh-
chlnc; a good opportunity for the right
man. Address box 15M3. Call office.
FOR SALE— A email hotel, furnished, on
Brach HllL Santa Cru=; also furnished cot-
tage for rent. Address "J. S,." CG Wash-
ington rt.
$550 — CASH business, established trade and
automobile delivery. There Sunday, 510
Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
BR. BAKERY; 4 nice living rooms; stock; re-
ceipts about $4 dally; rent • f 15; price $150
121 Valencia et. •
GROCERY and saloon and 20-room furnished
house; 5 yearn' lease; parties going East. An-
ply 27 31:nna et.
AN established . business, doing well, needs
partner with email capital to branch out.
Bex IC22, C&ll. .
$1000— PARTNER: light manufacturing; tho
20th ctntury horse, feeder; big returns cuar-
antecd. Box 1C5S. Call office, °
NOTICE, hotel ¦ men, notice — Furnished hotel
24 beds, with bar; mining town: give 3-year
Icaee; rent $50. G. A. SPARKS. Redding, Cal.
OLD eslablistied downtown saloon; beat loca-
tion; eaure, elcknecs; no agents. Box*155S
Call office. ¦ -- - ¦' ;
FOR eale — Firrt-dass water front saloon; near
Market; good reasons for selling. Inquire
at 06$ Mission st. -
$175; FINE corner cigar stand; fine stock-
good trade; see owner. 118 Thlrd.st.. .•
$350 — CANDY and Icecream store. 2503 Mission
»t. Inquire at 2708 Twenty-fourth st.
!' CLAmVQYA.VT'^Cnn^'^*^^^
Mrs_A.H.Krfjnenberg.palmist, clairvoyant, card
readcr;when others fall try me; good readings
10c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known -fortune-
teller, la now at 317 Ellis st. . .'
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader, sit-
tings daily. 41SV. Jessl? Bt.. bet. 5th and Cth.
CAIll'ET 11KAT1NG AND CLEANI.\U.
COMPRKSSED air and vacum system- now
universally used In cleaning • carpeta on
fioor; without removal; price .moderate; S.
F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Mar-
ket st. ; tel. Main 152. Bush 479.
WHEN' you become disgusted with you work
«nd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama at.: tel. South 40.
, AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.'. clean- '
Ing & laying done r'.esonably. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rlson St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet- Beating Works.
?~V\ Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 120.
; HOPKE BROS. ; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made 6ver. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 21tt.
ADVANCK Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
.tel. Main 3'J4. GEO.-WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; price*
reasonable, 1703 Harrison St.; tel.Mlsslon 263.
DE.\TISTS.
DR. GRUSS. C16 Calla^han bIdg?,"Market~aad
McAllister sts., u*es the 'Basford obtunder; 1
the only device ever Invented for grinding,
drilling and excavating teeth without palii.
Call for demonstration. " Tel. Jessi* 3C0(i.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when platei are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per »et: extracting 00c: gaa given. •
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yn; crown.. S3 50; fillings. 60c:
plater. $5; full set; all work painless and
. warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
ELITE Dental Parlors. 8-18 Market St.; best
and cheapest office for all dental operations.
Paris Dental Parlors. 2.55- Kearny. cor. Bush~
Set teeth. $1 fto up: crowns. 52 up: fllling<>.25c
ARTHUR CHlSHOL!vrr'rtirgeon-dentl!it.r.l4.1st
'floor. Phclan bid.. KOfi Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings 7fte; silver. 35c: crowns. $2: no
naln; open Sundays'. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
I . ...
1>KK.V»>I.\ KKItS A.\l> SKAMSTKESSKS
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting: double
stamps on dress lining*. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor: tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure: eve, clays. 1019 Mkt.
— *" ?^* — — ~"~ ¦*— ~ » . — - «— ~— —
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help; etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. -I2(i Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
FRITZ'S Emi>. Office; Japanese and Chinese
help; Stockton st. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help;^estab. 20 years.
Tel Main U)il7. BRADLEY & CO., tilO Clay.
KMl'LOVMEXT WANTED — F JEM ALB.
AT 50? Mason s>t., MRS. WALSER. phone
Black 1533; man and wife, springs} cham-
bermaid, waiter, each ?2T>; 4- chambermaids,
summer resort pref. ; governess, French and
Spanish, country pref.. ref., $.10; governess,
elocution, music, painting and language*,
ref.. ?3O; competent housekeeper, full-chargo.
German, ref. ; double entry bookkeeper, .$15
¦week; Swedish girl, second work or- lady.'d
mulil, ref.; $25; cashiers, ref., $40, $30, $75.
REFINED middle-aged American woman
wl«hes position as working housekeeper in
small family: city or country: no ' Incum-
brances. Address MRS. A. N. KING, Station
B. San Francisco.
EXPERIENCED lady • nurs«; wishes engage-
ments; best references: $10 week. Call MRS.
WILSON, 474 «i Tehama St., near Sixth.
COMPETENT German woman wants washing
and ironing for Tuesday; no postals. 12o::
Vallejo. st.
A YOUNG French . lady wishes a position as
governess; high references; . graduate from
Paris.. M. GOMBKRT. l'J5» O'Farrell st.
WOMAN and her daughter would like light
pecond work or care, for children. • 11CU Mar-
ket st.
COMPETENT clrl wants situation; general
housework; good cook; city or country. Box
10«2, O.ll office.
j POSITION by neat, reliable Eastern woman,
elderly; used tp children: experienced cook
and laundress; wages ?12. Box 1061, CaU.
AMERICAN woman wishes housekeeper's po-
sition or cook on ranch. MRS. FAIRBANKS.
Cbtati. Sonoma County. Cal. ¦
REFINED young lady wants position as
ceshler in restaurant or candy store. Box
ICOO. CaU. S
A YOUNG girl would like a situation at house-
work. Call 134»i Webster St., S. F.
YOUNG lady wishes position as nurse girl » In
country. Box 57.M008 Market Et. ¦ -
COLORED first-ctess laundress wishes a situa-
tion In flrst-cla»9 family; understands the
business In all Its branches; wages $25 to $30.
7C0 Sixth »t., Oakland.
WOMAN wculd like a situation to do general
houocwork for a small family; kind, to chil-
dren; moderate wages; references. Box 1G26.
C^ll office. . ¦ " ; •
A RELIABLE woman wants housework In
private family: no objection to children;
clty-or country; wages $20. 270 Jessie St.,
near Fourth.
YOUNG lady wants position In office; good pen-
man, accurate at figures; moderate salary;
can give finest references. Box 1028, Call.
YOUNG German woman would like a situation
as nuree girl. Call at 1CS South, ave., be-
tween Rlchland st. and Crescent ave.
MOTHER and son wl.«h situations; mother a<>
cook; son :50 years, is an all-round ranch
hnnrt. 217 Minna St. . . •'
A WOMAN would like 3 days' washing and
- Ironing a week. Thursday,. Friday and Sat-
urday. Inquire 5i5S Mission st.
YOUNG lady teacher who has certificate In
Colorado would' like to assist In private
school. Call 1163 Market; Bt.
WANTED — Work by a competent woman;
would like daughter with her. who can work
t ,' for her board. Call 11C3 ~ Market st. . -
A GKRMAN girl seeks employment with small
family; -plain cooking and housework; no
washing. Address €2!) Commercial st., Swiss
Hotel. . '
REFINED girl would like a position to assist
with U" ht work In San Rafael; good sewei.
Box 15S7. Call.
YOUNG lady would like to do washing and
hoi s«rlt-unlng by the day. K. BODNiCKA,
321 Ellis St.* •-.'¦• ¦¦ ' '
DRESSMAKER— The very best; wants en-
gncementit; high-class. Address Artistic, box
1593, Call.
STENOGRAPHER, expert operator; ; accurate
and reliable: law and general work; city
references. Box 351S, Call office. , ¦ . -¦¦¦¦
ADVERTISEMENTS, . subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
| Call. at Eaton's Bazaar, (J.T3 McAllister st.
KM PLOY. ME XT .WASTED— MALE. ,
COACHMAN, and gardener;- French: .speaks
English; has references;..: wishes situation,
city or country. ' Address ANDRE'S,
Stockton st.; phone Main' 1304.
AUTOMOBILE to drive and care , for by expe-
rienced, sober. Industrious man; private fam-
ily;. country preferred; line all around fel-
low; best references. Box 1598, Call, office.
A TRUSTWORTHY, careful middle-aged man
would . assist on - a . well-managed chicken
rnnch; . best of ¦ habits and references; no
heavy.' work.' R_ M.,' box' 58, 1008 jMarket st.
YOUNG man, ' 21 years; wishes to 'learn' trade;
mechanical- or, upholstering preferred.' ¦ F.
BOND. 873 Market St., room 53.
WANTED — Position as : porter or • Janitor by a
' middle-aged man. *- Call: or address. F. K.,' 32
Fourth' St.; .room 41/ V ; . ..
BARTENDER and first-class .mixer from the
-¦East:- would -like position; '.best . references,
r Box 55,1008 Market Bt. _ : ', . ; . ._
YOUNG man wants position: will 'do any kind
- of: work. ., Box 1C55. Callofflce. •.;•
A FIRST-CLASS painter." tlnter. • good gralner,
wants steady Jcb; middle aged. Box ICiM.Call.
BARTENDER wants steady "position;* best of
¦ references. Address ,box 50, IOCS Market at.:;'.;
CAMPING house wagon:: theatrical parties; 127
! .Turk ¦ st. ,Owner / at 1 010 ¦ Howard . st... ¦;..¦•",
GARDENER* 5 ; wants .situation;-: competent -to
- grow;a mixed collection of. orchlds;-.best of
¦ references.^ Address -box 1570.- Call . office.'
"A SOBER;, middle-aged i man wants steady, em-
¦• ployment'ot^some kind;, good worker; 1 small
-waces. Box 1592/- Call.
t . -.¦ .•---¦ . ¦ - ¦ • ¦ -
HELP WA.YTED — FEMALE — Co».
GIRLS wanted who are experienced in wrap-
ping; good wages and steady I»"»t'on. apply
. between » and 10 a. m.; or 12 and 1- I.
MAONIN^A CO.. 43-53 Ellla st.
LADIES who are competent fitters: apply_be-
tween 9 and 10 a. m. L MAGMN * CO..
43-63 Ellis st. .
EXPERIENCED Jacket and skirt makers for
ladles' suit department; apply t^S t^, ° ¦"
10'a. m. I. MAONIX & Co.. 43-53 Ellis st.
GIRL for- general housework and « sl »J. la
bakep-. 178-t Halght st.. corner Shrader. •
WANTED— A first-class operator on cloaks and
suits at BARON'S, ladlea' tanor. «62 Market.
A YOUNG lady to do dressmaking: must have
experience. Call 1132 Kentucky St.. nr. IStn.
PANTS finishers wanted. 2t5 Seventh st.
WANTED— Pants finishers. Apply & N« WOOD
& CO., 27 Geary st. '
GIRLS wanted for folding and binding.
UPTON BKO3.. 17 Fremont st.
EXPERIENCED makers and apprentices
wanted In millinery store. 602 McAllister st.
WANTED— Waist, skirt and sleeve hands at
MME. GREENE'S. 331 OTarreU at.
HELP WANTED MAL.K.
MUR3LtY^k"READY; ""63^(Sa "cUy'at
PHONE MAIN 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
EVERY EMPLOYER OF HELP
FURNISHED with first-class skilled and
unskilled help.
EVERY MAN WANTING W 9«^ _. v
If competent to fill position, YOU CAN
HAVE IT
. IN OCR OFFICE. ..,..-.„
ALL MEN ARE EQUAL— NO DISTU.CTI0N
WE SPEAK «-";V,'a«
GERMAN. GREEK. ITALIAN,
bpanish! swiss. French.
IN 18C3 w« gave During 1904 w» hope
work to 60,000 men. to increase 60.00<X
YOUR FARE FBEE. LOOK— FREE FARB
TO STATE OF NEVADA
If you stay four months. THAT'S ALL..
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
265 two-horse teamsters. (60.
15«$ laborers; you'll suit; S6O. -
05 drillers, rockmen, hammermen, $75.
12 machine drillers, 190.
Eight hours' work dally; hundreds going;
ARE YOU?
|I— FEE— THATS ALL— »I.
ARIZONA. ARIZONA.
Center of great mines, land of sunshine.
BIG WAGES.
910 miles. *9 10.
255 teamsters, laborers, drillers, etc. $2 to
?3 50 day.
CLOSE TO PRESCOTT.
' IN CALIFORNIA—
25 laborers, big mine co.. $75. $67 50.
12 nrachine miners, gold quartz, $90.
IS muckers, gold quartz. $67 60. - .
TO FARMS. DAIRIES. ETC. "-'_:'
126 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, an
over California, $25. $26, $30. $33 found.
85 good teamsters, $26. $."50 and found.
fj(> milkers, located everywhere, $30, $35 fd.
12 butter-makers, separator tenders, etc., $40
and found; IS choreboys, men, etc., $15, $20.
$2.->. S.-5O and found.
CHOREMEN. GARDENERS. STABLEMEN.
18 stablemen city, country $35 and found
to $75.
12 coachmen, choremen and- roustabouts, $.3
and $30 and found.
6 farm hands, orange groves, $26 and found.'
Man understands little gardening, $30 found.
Stableman, mining town. S3O and found.
4 men. plant vineyards, laborers will do, $26
and found.
9 gardeners, some vegetable, some flowers,
$30 and found.
MEN AND WIVES.
5 milkers and wives, farmers and wives,
etc., $50 and found.
MECHANICAL.
6 coopers: 2 machinists. $3 25 day; machine
blacksmith's helper, $75; 2 gang foremen.
Nevada, boss here; 3 tallymen, lumber com-
pany. $3 day; planer and sticker hands. $3
day up.
Carriage blacksmith. BOc fare. $3 day. V
0 blacksmith helpers tack on shoes. $2 to
$2 25 day
5 horseshoers, country Jobs.
Sticker hand, city mill. $4 a day.
12 blacksmiths, different Jobs.
2 brick loaders, exceptionally good job. $2 SO
a day.
- Blacksmith, all round shop, fars (I, $2 SO
a day. >
Gang edgerman fare $1 15 $55 to $70 found
WOODCHOPPERS.
-255 men to cut wood all over California.
LOOK!
12 laborers, fare- $1 steady Job. $1 73.
12 teamsters, fare $1. steady Job, $1 75.
Eastern young man. milk 20 cows, $30 fd.
German-Swiss milker, city. $35 and found.
Boy. grocery store, city.
12 sheep herders. Nevada State. $35 found.
Sheep herders. Yolo County. $30 and found.
Milker and wife, boss at ouV office, $6O fd.
2 stable men, mining town, north. $35 and
found .each.
4 vine grafurs, boss here. $2 day and found.
) HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
IS cooks for hotels, saloons, mines, cafes.
ranches and summer resorts. $30. $10, $50
and •?•><> and found.
IS waiters, different Jobs. $25. $30, $35 & fd.
12 dishwashers. $20. $25 and $.".0 and found.
2 bellbors. first-class hotels. $15 found.
3 hotel porters, $2O. $25 and found.
BAKERS.
Cook, baker, small shop, country, $55 found.
Pastry cook and baker, city Institution. $10
and found.
2 bakers, 2 helpers. $40. $30. $50 found.
LAUNDRYMEN.
Laundryman. city institution. $35 and found.
12 laundrymen. different classes of work.
5 helper", no experience wanted, come see ua.
Cook. Santa Clara County. $50 and found.
Night cook, fare 50c, $G5 and found.
Camp cook, city, few men, $40 found.
Cook, city hotel, extra good Job. $40 found.
Elevator boy, extra good hotel. $10 found.
Boy, city store, you'll suit. $6 week.
, - BUTCHERS.
Butcher drive wagon, tend shop, $4t> found.
LOOK ¦
00 laborers, you'll suit, $00.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay it.
BIG MONEY MADE.
35 woedchopyers ; Mendoclno County; 4-ft.
p'.ne; $1 25 cord; boss at our office to-day.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 638 Clay at.
HE IS HERE—
Millionaire owner of a great GOLD MINE. .
/malgamator, *90.
4 machine miners. $00.
1 mlllman. $90.
1 concentrator man. flue vanner.. $90.
Call early. This morning.
MURRAY A. READY. 634-63B Clay et.
SPECIAL BY MIDNIGHT.
Telephone, Telegraph and Letter.
8 laborerB, lumber-yard, country, $60.
BOYS.
6 boys for country, box factory, $1 75 day. '
Laborer for fireman for furnace work. $10 fd
2 sheep herders, fare $10 50, $30 fd.
LOOK. - -
All-round blacksmith, no shoeing, fare $1.
$3 SO day.
Carriage painter, north.
Tool dresser, oil mills, boss here, $75.
ENGINEERS. PLUMBERS.
Engineer, manufacturing company. $2 75 day.
Cook. $45; 2d cook. $25; special Job.
3rd cook, city cafe, $50 fd.
3 boys learn to wait at table, city. $20 fd.
12 single hand miners, boss here. $S2 50.
2 stablemen, mine towns, $40 fd.
. BOSS HERE. '.-..,..;.
Double Cut Bank Sawyer L. Co.. $5 day.
12 laborers, 10c fare. $1 25 day fd:
Blacksmith camp. 10c fare. $45 fd.
Floor man, blacksmith shop, country, $75 fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
ENGINEER— CALL VERY EARLY.
Derrick hoist, fare 10c. $3 day.
Blacksmith for mine, boss here. $3 50 day.
Ranch carpenter, put up house for pumping
plant, fare BOc. $50 fd.
Jobbing blacksmith, no horseshoeing, $50 fd.
Painter, city. $3 day.
Handy man. painting, carpentering, ; city.
$2 50 day. •..•-.. •
. MARRIED.
Man and wife, man do chores, no milking,
wife cook for 8 men. fare 50c, $50 fd.
-FOREMEN PRIVATE R. R.
2 track foremen. $2 75 to $3 day.
LOOK. -
• 6 bricklayers, highest wages.
2 mangle hands, 2 lroners. ._' .
2 etarch rubbers. ¦ 1 polisher.
1 neckband machine • man.
Porter, city bakery and restaurant. $35 fd. ¦
Grocery, porter and clerk, fare $3. $30 fd.
. AGAIN. -
C. 6 men work In hop field, fare $1 60, $26 fd.
Printer, little experience. . • .
Bootblac*. ¦'" ¦ — » ' '
MURRAY' & READY. 634-636 Clay «t.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY. - V*
95 THIRD ST.— Telephone Main 5521.
¦ 2 ranch banda. $1 25 and board.
:. NEVADA— TO-DAY.
SPECIAL TO HAZEN.
Laborers ..".'. • ...$2
Teamsters .".".......:". $2 25
Fee $1.. .'...Fare $750
FARE REFUNDED. . .
' To-day to Hazen — Fuller's Camp.
HORD k. SMITH. ......
A — HOTEL Gazette, 20 Montgomery st-.'r. 12^
• Night clerk, $25; porter, country * hotel $30-
second cook,' country, $40; free fare.", "
T^- " L~~ ~u
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions: catalogue and full
¦ Information mailed tree. MOLER Sysum
College. 635 Clay at. .
WANTED— Young man from 18 to 20 years of
age for office work.* Apply betweea t aarf 11
L a. m. at i HALE BROS,*
THE^CALL
JOHN X). CTB.ECICEI.8. Proprietor.
/tClBS CGEEEtlCSUCli 10 IGHK KCEAPSET. KaEZgST
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TEX DOLLARS REWARD.
Notify nie Call Office if You Miss
Your Paper.
If lor any cause THE CAI.li is not de-
livered regularly to subscribers please
caU up "CAI.Ii EXCHANGE" and notify
Subscription Clerk in charare. Tour com-
plaint will receive prompt attention.
? atanainjr reward of Ten Dollars
(S10.00) is offered for the arrest and
conviction cf any one causrbt stealing
THE CALL.
TELEPHONE.
Aek for THE CALL. The Operator "H™ Con-
nect Tou With the Department *ou Wish.
rublicatlon Offlce...TTMarket and Third. 8. F.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Stevenson "t.
Delivered ty Carrier*. 20 Cts. Per Week. 70
CU. Per Month. Binple Copies 8 Ceoti
Term, by Mail. Including Postage CCaeh With
Order) : „ -.
DAILY CALL Ondud. Sunday). 1 y«**--'»2 <£
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday) « »»••••• *^*»
DAILY CALL— By 61ngle Month •«»
FUNDAY CALL. 1 Year *-«~
WESXLT CALL 1 Tear ... „ . . ---^
pSSSJSe. -f * li5 Per Year Extra
PO8TAGE. weekly. 100 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE ACTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Ccples will be forwarded when re»
quested.
Mall «t:b«erlbers in ordering: chamre of_ afl-
<rera ehould be particular to pive both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
jironyst and correct compliance with their r»-
BBSSt,
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway Telephone Main X083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
C14S Center Street Telephone North 7T
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
6AMVEL W. WALL Hotel Bartcn
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS: ,
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
Vnion Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-ave-
Cue Hotel and HofTman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Ti-emont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS..Msrq-jette Bulldlnf'
(Long Distance Telephone.' 'Central 2619.")
VEW YORK itEPRESENTATIVE.
ETEPH1ZN B. SMITH SO Tribune Buildlns
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
ErsiNESS OFFICE of the Ean Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open (
until 12 o"clock «-very nipht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
10ns Market etreet. opposite Fifth; open until
11 pTm.
627 Montgomery etreet, corner Clay; open
until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayei? street: open until 9:30 p. m.
63t> McAllister ftrect : open until 9:30 p. tn.
C15 Larkin street; open until 8:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etrwt: open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market ttreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
306 Eleventh street: open ur.tll 9 p. m.
lf>36 Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. in.
JCortheast corner Church and Duncan streets;
opfn until 9 p. m.
Korthwest corner cf Twenty -necond and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m,
2200 Flllmore etreet; open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWX
FOR THE SUMMER.
CALL subscribers contemplating: a
chancre of residence durlnjr the summer
months can have their paper forwarded
by mall to their new address by notify-
ing- THE CALL Business Offlce. This
paper trill also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local
exent in all towns on the coast.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. . ?— .
T.— Special awmblle* THIS AFTEH- 73^
NOON at 2:30 ar.d EVENING at LJ
7:30. Order of Trrr.ple. All f raters
courteously Invited.
THOMAS H. BROWNE. Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. nnd A. ff
ML, will meet THIS (SATURDAY) W
EVENING at 7::io o'clock. First de-
free. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
MISSION Lod»fe No. 169. F. and A. M.— a
Oiled m«-et:ng; THIS fPATTRDAY) VV
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third de-
STif. R. E. ALLAN'. Secreiarj'.
MEMBERS of Redwood
Camp No. 01. W. O. W.. &7j' ¦' ¦ "^\
are respf^ctfully reque5ted -Jl- 'Jt "f iFjL
to attend :to funeral nf {^^ntWjt-in
our late neighbor. JACOB tp^.?H?*i^ fa"
GOLDWATER. from the mm^^^
undertaking parlor* of Halsted & Co.. 946
Mission St.. on SUNDAY. April 17. UKM. at
10 a. m. Interment Salem Cemetery by
electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero ets. By order
FRED G. GELATTE. Con. Com.
i. N. BARCEL. Clerk.
ET.ANDREW'S Society annual picnic v <7 *¦•,
will be h'.\A at Fairfax Park wi?, fJkC}/)
SATTRDAY. May 7. >\i^
P. LIVINGSTON DUNN, Pres. > «^Mu
J. BLACK. Sec.
THE Kn!«:ht» of Tara will hold their tenth
prand annual excursion at Fernbrook Park,
Nlles Canyon, on NEXT SUNDAY. April 17.
A pleasant outinjr Is assured to all wbo n:?ur
ctttnd. Train* leave foot of Market at. at
:•:.:<< a. m and }":'¦¦<• p m. Tickets for cale
at ferry. JNO. O'KANE. Chairman.
J. P. HAKE. Secretary.
NOTICE of annual meeting: of Mercantile Trust
Company cf San Fr&ncteeo — The regular an-
nual «neetlnjr of the Stockholders of the
MercantMe Trust Company or Kan Francisco
will t>« held on WEDNESDAY. April 27
16O4, at 12 o'clock noon, at the office of
the company. 4C4 California street, Ean
FranclEcc, California, for the purpose of
electing a Beard of Directors to serve for the
tnrj;ng year, and for the transaction of ruch
cihtr butlnesc at may come before the meet-
ing.
Trar»Ter books will cloee on Saturday
April 1C. !0O4. at 12 o'clock noon
Dtted Aorll 11. mo*.
JOHN D. McICEE. Secretary.
THE annual reef.lsj of the ehnrt holders of
the San Francltco Gas and Electric Com-
pany for the election of directors and the
transaction of *u'h other bURlnrst Ba may
come Jiefore It will be held nt the offlee of
the company. 415 Pest et.. In the city of San
FranelFCO, Oal., nt 1:30 o'clock p. m.. April
2C. I90« The transfer books of the com-
pany will be closed frcm April 16 to and In-
cluding April 2€. 1U04.
<Eicned> CHAS. L.. BARRETTT, Tec
I>ated Ean Francisco, April 12, 1304.
AGK%TS \VA5fTEoI ~
WANTED* — Ar"nt. by a manufacturer of~tln-
plate. a resident agent In Can Francisco;
must be energetic and have a good knowl-
edge of the business. Address, giving full
particulars, age end references, "Independ-
#nU" box 157S. Call efnee.
ADVEHTISZaTE^T TFBITrJO. ~
HAVING recently acquired through Txchan-»e
cf property three $40 Bcholarships In the best
College of Advertislnr in the United States
I wtM wll them at 25 per cent discount for
ensh: the <-ollege teaches advertising writ-
ing by correrpondence and assist* its grad-
uates to secure position*: catalogues fur-
niyfred on applirntlon. Ad'ircfii boi liCZa. Call.
ATTORXKVS.AT-LAW.
• ADVICK FREE "~"
Columbian Law & Coll. Agcy.. r. 85 016
Market; phone John KZX'.; tij^n evenings -
traneacts «t mort reasonable rates ail Icgit-
!raate law business; bonds furnished in crlm-
Inal and civil cases; email collections taken.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for email fee.
£ee me and stive money; no pay 'In advance
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Ettabliished 22 yrs. ; rmt. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 3. 1st ft.
1122 Market St.. l>etween Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed!
R. W. KING. Af.o?ney-at-Lew, Exam. bldg..
Cth fioor. entrance room «X1;. established 20
years: all cees. general court and of lice prac-
tice; no foe In advance or for conpultation;
evenings by nupolntmcnt. TcL Red ."I0C1. .
DIVORCE law * «pe<-irjtr: no publicity; advice
free; cwtt $12. Addr«» B.A.S.. P.O.bcx 2103.
DIVORCE — Cort«. «2; quick, quiet; advice
free; open evenlnge. 027 Market Et., rrn. 301.
I*- B. CLARK. 927 Market et.; consultation
iree; no fees in advance; c?en eveniasa.
LODGING. HOUSES FOR SALE,
A. CAMERON & CO. ¦ Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Roomlng-Houses. Hotels ana
All Kinds of Business Chances.
190 rooms; new and ; elegantly appointed
apartment-house; swell location; long lease,
cheap rent; . cart cai-h balance made out of
house without Interest.
JO rooms; Kills; newly furnished: rent $40;
apartments; $^00 down, balance $20 per month.
no Interest; mut,t be sold on account ottier
buMnees; price $725.
75 rooms: new. modern building: elegant fuS
nlshlngs; cheap rent: close In; w_Ul clear $»0O
per month;. $CO00 down balance*can be pa_d
out of house; t>ee this. '
17 rooms; rent only $70; oak furniture: Ax-
inlnster carpets; fine location; clears $30; fine
buy. \
29 rooms: central; cheap rent: well tMT.-.eomt
housekeeping; full; will take flat In exchange.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 e ntr . a "f"*
takes m $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular rornwrs; win bear Investigation,
21 rooms; comer; rent only $85- »* k '«'•'
good carpets: housekeeping; all full: cI^ r i, nK
$.0 over all expenses- 4 rooms landlady,
price $1000.
60 rooms; new; modern apartment -house: 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300,
jcry central ;,> first-class proposition.
II rooms; Ellla st ¦ close in: oak furniture;
moquet carpeta; part caeh, balance time; prlcn
$t!o0. ¦ i
108 rooms: "cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished; up-to-date rooming-house; : has fine
bar: can be run in conjunction If deelred. rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of hou-sa; othir .business -inter-
ests demand immediate departure.
120 rooms; rent only $4 per room: new and
up-to-date house- all men; - electric elevator,
lights; lrng lease; clears $400 to $500' per
nvmth; out of the best buys In the city.
19 rooms; rejit only $100; well furnished: lit-
tle npartment-hnuie; reduced to $1100.
20 rooms; .cheap" rent- close In: thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
SO rooms; rent only $150: oak and cherry
fur.; line carDt-ts; close in; fine money-maker.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished: 5- year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing $400 to $coo per month; obliged to leave
city.
11 room*; rent $40; close In; oak. cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all
expenses; $4uo cash, .balance time; snap: $700. <
46 roomt.; rent only *C3; well located hotel,
south of Market; fine bar; well stocked: brick
building; •iectrlc lights; everything sood con-
dition; part cash, balance time; price $2500;
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
40 rooms: elegantly furnished; rent only $250;
oak and mahogany furniture; CO boarders:
clearing $250 uer month; close In;, fine buy;
price $U000.
0 rooms: sunny -flat; rtnt $50; oak, mahog-
any fui. ; obllsed to leave city; reduced to $650.
28 rooms: elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartm.-m-huu.-c and pay cash difference.
18 rooms; rent $S5; well furnished; all new;
$(KK> down, balance IV, per cent; nne buy; only
$1250.
25 rooms; rent only $C,C: north Market: all
full: clears $100 per month; price $1800; will
exehanse for small chicken ranch.
106 rooms; new; most elegantly . appointed
family hotel In city: all full and clearing $400
to $(500 per month; books open for Inspection;
obliged to leave city.
7-room flat; rent $10: oak furniture; good
earrete; sickness: price $35U.
1C2 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house In San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ing $l(;0 oer month: 5-vear lease; part cash;
balance 8 per cent per year. . rVv ..:• ;¦-; .
8 rcoms; flue upper flat; rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$*5C. _. - ..; ¦:.
18 rr>oms: n nt $S5; north Market; close In;
good money-maker; reduced from $1000 to $1100.
90 rooms; part offices: elegant new building
and furniture. hlgh-cla*s location: beautiful
hrflls; everything modern; first-class grill in
connection: best proposition In city; called East.
' 24 rooms: rent $115; new and "elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahozany; fine- proposition;
guod Iea*e.
23 rooms; w*ll furnished; first-class tran-
sient house; 2 blbcks off Market: 5-year lease;
clearing over $100; good buy for some one.
.31 rooms: rent $110; all llcht rooms: clear-
Ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap; only ?SO0
to get In; must leave city at once; price $1300.
328 rooms: cheap rent: long lease; first-
class up-to-date downtown hotel; well fur-
nished; clearing $50O to SooO per month: must
sel. on account of ether business; only with us.
MITCHELL tk CO Phone Jessie 11)Sl
120U Market st. . opposite Sixth.
16 rooms: neat, sunny, two-lloor bouse; rent
$40; Bell or exchange; price $U50.
20 rms. ; choice corner rooming-house; unex-
celled for transient a* well as steady roomers.
25 rooms; well-appointed housekeeping
suites; landlady mu&t sell; make offer.
MITCHELL & CO.. 1200 Market at.
100 ROOMS: runny corner; rent $125.... $4500
112 rooms; cWurw $350; , low rent... *i.'.oo
80 rooms; furniture nearly new $3800
15 rooms; fine location, north of Market. $1)00
4U rooms; In Oakland; new; rent $00. ..$'.'5oo
12 rooms; % cash: cheap rent ..$U0o
Money to loan on furniture.. EITEL &.
CAHHOLL. 212 Kearny st.
SMALL lodslng-house. 7 rooms and bath; nice-
ly furnished : $250; call afternoons. 230A
Third st. J
7 ROOMS and bath; clean, desirable home;
, $275. COS Taylor St., near Post.
It: ROOMS; rent J?SO: -water ' Iree: 2>4-year
If-aue: furnished new; mn-ke offer. 323 Taylor.
s»'mrrr.\L,is3i.
MP.B. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
R- business mcd'm.'iead dally $1: dcv'p'g class
Thurs. a p.m.; trl. Geary »,S4; 10OCB G.G. ave.
SIRS. LESTER'S test circle 8 p. m., 10c; read-
Ings dally, 2.1c and 50c. 122 Taylor st.
EDWARD EARLeTT052 Ellis, readings dally,
0:30 to 4; fteuncea Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANs7~noted clairvoyant and
elate- writer. 1112 Eddy et. Phone Scott 887.
CLA III VOV ANTS.
ASSURED SUCCESsTfOR YOU*
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 reading this week for
$1 SI $1 $1 $1 $1* $1 . $1
No charge '-¦ No charge
Unless you obtain the Information for "
which you consult him. .
PAUL DESTINE, .; . ; 0v
The first registered trance clairvoyant ' and
palmist ever In San Francisco.
Re&d carefully. An' honest proposition.
(You to be full Judge.)
1 do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no cnargo if I. fail, to tell your name, oc-
cupation ar.d what you- called for; I tell you If
husband, wife or lover Is true or. false: who
and when you will marry; how to gain the love
of the one you desire; :"in fact,"- 1 will tell *-ou
every hope, ft-nr or ambition better; than you
can tell yourself; his advice Is reliable, his pow-
ers ar«* wonderful -and- Indisputable;. ¦ he Im-
proves your character ¦ so that you will reach
the hlshent possible development In , mental
vigor, health, happiness • and capacity to earn
weal tht" the controlling . power Implanted In
your nature, so you can change the Intentions,
actions or habits of any one secretly;, cures
disease and lost vitality; gives advice on min-
ing and. burled treasures; gives > you success in
life; he guarantees you - success or charges
nothing for hU services. ¦'
10 a. m. to 8 p. -m.;- Sundays." 2 to 6.
320-<)'Farrell street— 32G.: ¦ ,
ISMAR. the 'Egyptian gypsy,* clairvoyant ' and
palmist, i permanently located I at 1 1104 1 Market -
. St.;- cor. Turk;- private -readings dally, 10a.
m. to 5 cm.; readings -by mall as'«atlBfac- :
: . tory as ln : oerson;-3 questions answered, $1 ;.'
full life," $5; send lock of hair.;. date of year
of birth; "don't send currency ;.send postof flee,
WcUs-Fargo money order or, registered letter.
A—Mlss : M" Wllle. 460 Geary, clairvoyant crys-
' tal seerand life reader; will • tell you exactly
what you ¦ called for without asking a ques-'
ti'on. names 'given; special, $1; hours 10 to; 8.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life; correotly.
advice giver, on: all -affairs of life; (satisfac-
tion guaranteed;, 25c up. v 17 '3d,, next 'Exam. ,
MISS I ZEMDAR; young, gifted clalr. and palm. ;
- has. second' sight: ar wonderful -: prophetess;
• names;' I.. 60c. g. ¦$!.. 714. Franklin. nr.G.G.ave.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads ,llfe; business ad-'
;, vice; names ; given: 25c up." , 835 Howard . st.
OLDESTlady palmist, and card 'reader In city.
2<iVfr Kearny, room 20; ladles 25c; gents 50c.
MISS ' WARD gives ; names. r dates * and facts;
readings dally; not open Sundays.: 917 Market.
MRS. -BROWN.* clairvoyant. . card reader,-- re-
-> moved 'from -132 to 23 Vi , tith ;; 1. . 25c g. 50c.
I HE GLOW NIQH 1 i^AMJr wonder .THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL^ SATURDAY,;, APRIL 16, 1905.
13
WANT ADVERTISERS 1JN XN Jli<j2>L 1 k!3 U iSl JLJ-^L k!5 V;A I J -a 1
HELP WANTED — MALE — Cob.
*.t C. R. HANEEN & CO.'S
na:j>loyment Office,
C2» Bush Et CIS Clay
Governsicnt Work, State cf Nevada
*>?. fl.00 Special Rate Tare
Teamsters, Laborers. Rocknun.. . .?2, *2.50
Bos* bcre Sfc!p Daily
Quarrymen. laborers 52, $2 75
Ji^ade-rsmen. mucker*, new tunnel. $2. ?2 75
Woodchcj>i»ers, 4-foot :>ine $1 STi cord
Sheepherders. mtiker*. tarmers SlM. $35
Carpenter, who can run K£«pollne engine.
ouuntry institution $5<» found
Tool-<2res*er. oil well J2.50 tfpy fewnd
Uutcher, country ¦ $35 found
Nifht porter, rcstaurar.t $35
For ftrsl-claFs country hotel,
- Chef. *10O; 2nd. $S0; head waiter. $60
2nd cook, good on pastry, country hotel, $50
Ma.n and wife, cook, country hotel, no
dishwashing, nice place $70 found
X'aniryman, city. $30; American waiter*,
count ry. f-l<*.
Dishwasher, resort $25
Second cook, south. »*O; waitre«. sa— .-
place, Kood epport unity Icr tnaA and
wife, bee party h»rc ."
Waiter*, porters. be:i. ele\-ator boys.
q R. HANSEN & CO. Emrloymer.t Office
428 Bu»h Kt 6*2 Clay
A — EXTRA work, iree fare both ways.
2 dishwashers, pantryman, vegetableman.
fl.50 day, *ach
For a Summer Resort
C. R. HANSCN & CO 429 Bush
A— PACIFIC EMFLOYJJENT AGENCY. *
62G--Mor.tgomrr>- »t. — ESS.
Phone Main 1191— Ui>Mair».
10 laborer*, near city long Job. board where
vou like. S hours. $2 25 to $3 day; call rany.
V«.bor*rs — Trte fare — 5 more laborer*, near
city, year's work, ehlp to-day, $2 day.
Government work. S hours — Nevada — Boes
ber* — Nevada — cheap fare, fe* $1, ship to-
night: 15 teamsters, 52 25: 5 laborers, $2; I
rockir.en. $2 2.">: l>ose here— Nevada.
10 laborers, cawmill co.. north. $1:2 founS; I
boys, box factory, $1 65 day; blacksmith,
country; 5 ranch hands, south. f2<5 to $oi
found; K carpenters, loner Job, new work,
call early to-day, e r <>d wages., north.
OARPENER. $35 and round; brick burner;
dairyman and wl>, $5« to ffiO and found;
man and wife, private tamlly, $50 to $00 nn<:
fcund: 3 farmers and wives, $40. $45 and $,'(
• nd found: mllkerm. $30^ $35 «nd $4«» an^
'fund; cheesemaker. $?<> to $30 and found;
jlackstnlth and shoer. 52 f>0 day and board,
carriage smith. f3 day; wp-gnn maker, coun-
try fhep: teamster for lumber co.. $2 ."Ml day
stable boy, $20 and found; laundryman. i-li:
end fcund; restaurant second cook, $16 week
boan!ing-h<TUP* cock. $40 and found: baker' t
h-lper, $35 and found; dishwashers; chor«
n;an '.or mine. $2T> and found, and ethers. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. V2S Sacramento Ft.
WANTED — Crockery packers; only experience.]
men need apply. NATHAN-DOHRMANN
OOMPANY. 122-132 Butter st.
} " '¦ clerk, by wholesale houpe; must b<> gool
ra^id penman; correct at figures: state age
and references. Br>x 1611. Call office.
A— BRIGHT errand boy wanted. GAXTKER
& MATTERN CO.. 2O Tost Bt.
TAILOR'S busheln-.sn wanted; apply ready foi
work. S. N. WOOD & CO.
WANTED — Rarber; first class, foot; Saturdaj
tr.d Sunday. 211 Sixth rt.
WANTED — Owl barber for Saturday and Pun-
day. 1415 Valencia st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
. r .2S Broadway.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 013
Montgomery ft.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
brine tools. «50 Paciflc Ft.
BVSHELMAN wanted Immediately. Golden
Eagle Clothing Ktore. 1O4 Kearny st.
BRIGHT boy for high grade priming (shop.
KNOWLES. 24 Second el.
BOOTBLACK wanted. California Hotel barbei
rhcr.
W.VXTKD — Pish washer. 26 Sacrmmento rt.
RELIABLE experienced porter tot restaurant
$':3 to $*0: state references. Box 1«SS, Call
£A1IX)R5 and young men (green hands) foi
Ehlp*. HALLBERT. S17 Jackson st.
A SNAP — 2-chair ehop complete; 2 livins-roonii
furnished; cheap. SCI Harrison n., nr Fifth.
WANTED — A barber shop; city or country;
Mfitp price or particulars. Box 1«'^55, Call.
FOR SALE — Cheap. 3- chair barber shop; 2
baths. ;aun<Jry offlce and cigar rtand; opp.
S. P. depot; good location: 1 door from P. O. :
¦celling on account cickneee. Address P. O.
box 241. Reno. Nev.
TRUSTWORTHY person, each county, to man-
ape local business for wholesale house; f20
weekly; exper-a* advanced; permanent; no
experience. Manager, Como Block. Chicago.
WANTED — Ore em-clay* carriage blacksmith;
eteady employment at $3 to $3 50 per day o!
•«• hours. Apply to A. MK1STER & SON'S
CO.. Sacramento, f^ai
WANTED — Laborers • nd mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor^ has
added 100 cew rcoms to the Denver House.
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
BARBERS — 2-chair shop; cnap: can recom-
mend thi». BECKUC & PRESUER. 367
HOISES TO LET — FlUMSHED.
FOU rent. In Sin Rafael — A large, fine house,
furr.iphed ; cood sized lot; trees and *hrub-
b«»ry oud prleiidid location. Address box
12oT.. Call office. -^
SAN MATEO House Rentinp Agrency has 15
furnlrhed cottac^s and houses to rent, $20
to $2^0. H. N. KOTDEX. 222 Main et., op-
posite Plaza, San Mateo, Cal.
A CCMr-'LKTELY furnished bou^e; 7 large
sunny rooms and bfcth; large yard and base-
ment; relerencea required. Inquirs 9 to 11
a. m. and 5 to 7 p u m.. 104 Pierce, nr. Haight.
FOL.FOM. <M7— Ix.wer part cf house; 4 rooms
and bath: crmrletc; piano.
I UOCSES nUMSHED i'OU SALB.
j GOLDEN GATE ave.. 305 — 9-room house; rea-
•onahlp; c'.ean ; payments; leaving ctty."
__st;bueban^kousesjpojb sai^e.
FOIl *ale — In Sausa'.lto, 4-room cottag-e; de-
liphtful rttuation; shade tree*, fine well of
water; trill fell very cheap, email payment
down: a'.^o a property with income of $90
per month for $S(*H>: J2.VK) cash.5 balance en
, loan. Box 1C25. CaU ofttce.
IiAUKCHrS FOK HIRE, t
C. A. KcNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
«t.: fcr jileat^r* and business.: tel. Bush 534.
LOST AM* KOI.VD.
LOST — Two rasFbock!! -with the Hlbernia Sav-
ings and Lean Society of San Francisco in
the names of ANNIE CUNNINGHAM and
JOHN CUNNINGHAM; Nos. 214-1403 and
213-'.O. The finder will please return to
1 >r.k
$20 KCWAKP— Strayed or stolen. April 8. from
Or»ry and Market «t!>.. bay horse with left
foot branded; 74 under mane; business
ruKpry, red sear and dark body. Return to
l^r>0 Green *t. ; tel. Geary 27C2.
WILL party who found purse, containing
money, tax receipts, keys. etc.. on 1 o'clock
narrow gauge train at pier yesterday, kindly
return cairc to 270 Thirteenth St.?
tOST— Black ;«iln fcandbac: "K" fmbrold-
erfd on Fide; l'oik or California-street oare;
! firUtr i'kase return to 251'a gteiner Ft. and
receive reward. j
LOST— A passbook with the Hibcrnia. Savings
and Loan Society of Fan Francisco, lii the
name or JAMKS KJLLEBREW. No. 2iS 125U.
Tlie findfr will i>leat>e return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Pociety of San Francisco In the
name of Casper D. McCauley. No. 2S3-1263;
•the finder will please return to bank.
LOST— April 14. from 7th and Howard to Cth
and Market to 5th and Tehama, gold breast-
pin. 1005 Howard Et.; reward.
LOST — On Saturday, old-fashioned cold band
bpjoch. set with garnets, between Alhambra
_an<i ferries. Apply CLAUSSEN. &15 Battery.
LOST— Lady's gold watch and chain; mono-
gram N. F. C. Liberal reward. 51t> R.R. ave.
MEDICAL.
LAI 'IKS desiring eafe, cure and Quick relief
from Irregularities ccr.BUlt me at once; my
methods are always safe, painless and reli-
able; 1 have no failures: no exorbitant feet.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
Cures guaranteed or no pay; 17 years' ex-
perience in all female disorders; call or write
without delay; correspondence confidential.
\ DR. WHITE. 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
A — LAKIES, if you are suffering from irregu-
larities or any ailment you will avoid dis-
appointments by consulting me first. My
method of treatment is positive and harm-
less and I guarantee immediate relief from
any case or make no charges. Advice- free
Call or write PH. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny.
ALWAYS be advised and treated by a grad-
uate physician; positively the only one her*
capable and willing to restore you to happi-
ness; relief for Irregularities; help for un-
fortunate ladies; If in trouble consult him
without cost or fee: call or write; conflden-
tlal. DR. R. H. WESTON. 305 Kearny st.
DR. G W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
ia trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; tfc* most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 101S Market St.
MRS. DR. WTETH. specialist for all female
complaints and • irregularities; instant relief
Fuaraj.tet d ; 3O years' experience. 626 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOOS^ Market at., opp. 5th.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obstetrics, female complaint*; inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEX. 111S Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist : a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN resides 2095 Folsom st.. corner
2Gth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. NG, TOY KEE. S19 Powell et.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
A WEEK' 8 news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HONEY TO LOA.V.
AXA^SER^lA^'MirRPHTi
601-602-603 Examiner Bundle*.
| FR-EE'I a ?• nqst.:. usEruL.:.Girr I FREH
TO ALL 'CLASSIFIED ADyERTISE!RS
IN NEXT SUNDAYS CALL
The 66 Qlow '" NIglhit Lamp" \
NEATLY BOXED • ',
A SCIENTIFIC ; WONDER!: ;
NO SMOKE 1 NO SMELL! : . NO WASTE 1 ,
ALL GLASS. CONSUMES ITS OWN GAS. CANNOT LEAK.
Lamp, ¦bowing" conitruction of Bulb, v^^J^ijl'f A^^^k
Style Ko. i. Purple and Amber. \ Style No. 2.
ONE PINT OF OIL, costing about 1 CENT, will feed this lamp 200 HOURS. .
Invaluable for Bedrooms, Sick Chambers, All-night Halland Bath Room Light; Nurseries,
Lavatories, Dressing Rooms, Staircases, etc., etc.
This invention has for its object the production of a novel lamp, particularly desirable for use as a
night lamp. Lamps for this purpose need not produce a-larjre flame; in fact, a comparatively small flame is
more desirable, but it is also desirable that the lamp be capable of burning for a long period without cefillinR
and without attention- and without emitting, any odor. These results are positively obtained. Directions
for use with each lamp. . .
—TELL YOUR WANTS — — '
:.* IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL «#
And you will be speaking direct to OVER 85,000 REGULAR
SUBSCRIBERS of that popular and valuable advertising; medium.
It Is safe to figure an average of three readers to every Sunday Call issued, so you are really talking to
255,000 PERSONS, most of whom are home people, consequently a well-to-do and desirable "class of our
community to consider in locating your wants and advertising your wares. .
Bring in your Want Ads THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY for insertion in NEXT Sunday's
Call. This premium can only be obtained by inserting a Want Ad in NEXT Sunday's Call.
I . .- k . . . •
1 Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
I ' BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franclaco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12. o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES: ..'... ,
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m. -
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. ra. - '¦ j, .- * ¦
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p.' ra. "\ . - * ¦
-.'¦>¦¦ 615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m. .... ' »
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m. ; -
I SZ61 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. m.
I 106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m. ,' .
1 1096 Valencia street: open until 8 p. m. / '
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
OAKJLAND OFFICE: i
1118 Broadway »•- ..Telephone Main 1083 f
BERKELEY! OFFICE: (
J148 Center Street. -. .......Telephone North 77 )
ALAMEDA OFFICE: )
Schn«l<J«T > B Bookstore ....^ Park Street * )
: • - ¦ (
REAL. ESTATE^OTY—FOBjjAIi^
AUCTION — 10 marine view, park and pan-
handle lots: Fulton st., street work don«;
Parker Ave. (100 feet wide): North Stanyan
' St.: • MeAIll«ter-street cars pass ¦ property;
THURSDAY. April 21, at 12 o'clock noon.
Union Square Hall, 421 Post st.; terms. 1-3
cash, balance 1 and 2 years at- 6 per cent;
observatory on ground, from which view of
city.- bay and ocean can be seen.^
0 o» i
'(»•--¦• m- •- • f
H; 01 TO [a
? g " r ¦¦* 1 *
5? " 6 4 I
S //j I
] »¦ //J I
' • T&rkcrryive.
v aw rr. m/om.
For further oartlculars and catalogues, ap-
ply to HENRY STERN of . David Stern &
Sons, auctioneer and real estate broker, 11
Montgomery st. \
W. J. GUNN, "~~
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union Building.)
$J, 600— Clement and 12th ave.. NE. corner,
50x120.
SG.OOO— Clement and 11th ave., SW. corner,
75x120. . • . '
$5,000 — Clement; best business corner.
$3,75O— Clement; 3 choice business lots; 78x
115. . .
$3,000— Tenth ave., NW. cor., 57:6x100.
1,100 each — Eleventh ave., near Clements lots
25x1 20.
$500 each — 22d ave., near Point Lobos ave.;
lots 25x120.
$1,600— Sixth ave., near Lake; 25x120.
$1,800— Lake st. cor.; 32:6x100.
jtJOO each— Lots on 21st ave., near Point
Lobos ave., 25x120.
$250— 27th <ave. lot. 25x120.
$075 — B St.. lots 25x100.
$97."5 — Wh ave., lots 25x120.
$9,000— Baker, NW cor., 137:6x137:6; cars
• pass; very cheap.
$50,000 — Pacific Heights; 2 fine corners; grand
marine view; 275x137.
$C,0OO— Pacific Heights; 6S:9xl37:6; very
cheap; marine view.
$1,500 — Lot 25x137 :t>; street bltumlnlzed and
accepted; cheap lot; W, A.; cars pass.
• W. J. GUNN,
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
$0500— BARGAINS; dependable artistic homes;
3 sold this week; "Success" the best adver-
tisement; if interested In home building, in-*
spect these houses. 858 Clayton St., E. side,
S. of Frederick: Masonic av«. cars to door.
JOHN STIERLEN. owner, builder: premises.
THREE fifty-vara ! lots on Lombard St., near
. Buchanan, at a bargain: fine site for flats:
back to 35-foot street; 50-vara lot on Grove
and Lott sts. ; good Investment for builders.
feELBY, RODGERS & CO.. 118 California.
$10.850— CASH $2000: 3 swell flats not yet com-
. pleted. but rented for $1200 per year; Seventh
ave. boulevard. 760-2-4. near Fulton St.; 16
minutes from City Hall: all night car ser-
vice; every possible latest Improvement, ln-
1 eluding nltumlnized street; 25x120. Apply on
premises from:2 to 5. • *
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 612 Caltaghan bid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$S a month' pays principal and interest on
each $Hmt> of balance due. making your In-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
$1.25 PER* WEEK, no Interest. Lots In the
Excelsior Homestead Tract: all level: no
grading tn* Jo; ready to build your little homa
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE, .
26 Montgomery St.; room 8.
$6000— FOR a home that is suitable for sum-
mer and winter residence-* in San Mateo;
on car line; lot 100x186; 8 rooms and bath;
' stable, chicken house and yard; easy terms.
D. COFFIN & CO., 3303 Mission st.
$0500 — bargains; two sold this week; only two
\*tf S54 and 85S Clayton st. east side: ele-
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALEU
THOS. MAGEE A SONS, . ~~~~"
5 MONTGOMERY ST. " j
NEW RESIDENCES.
PACIFIC VS.VENUE; magnificent marine y\*+
from front of houee; sun. and view of
city from rear; very fine' 2-story, attlo
and basement residence, first-class order
and splendid arrangement; reception hall,
parlor, library, dining-room, kitchen,
scullery, butler's pantry, breakfast-room.
5 bedrooms, 2 baths, linen-room, bllltard-
room In hard wood, 3 servants' rooms,
hall, wlneroom, furnace-room and coal-
— room; must be seen to be appreciated;
permit at our offlce.
|23 a 000.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS; north side of street: 40x
137^; magnificent and unobstructed ma-
rine and land view; in the most desirable
residence locality in San Francisco: new
two-story attic and basement residence..
First floor has reception ball finished In.
V , v " solid oak; receptlon-ropm In white, bev-
eled with pink silk; grate; large dining-
room in Flemish oak with grate, and
magnificent vie,w; breakfast-room, but-
ler's pantry and kitchen.
Second floor has 3 bedrooms, 1 la sta-
ple. 1 in mahogany and 1 In whits, wash-
stand and clothes closet in each; laiga
llvmg-room finished in burned pine: 3
grates, toilet, bathroom with tiled side*..
Attlo has 2 bedrooms, 1 sewing-room,
bathroom and toilet.
Basement has coal room. furnace,<
wlneroom, billiard-room, toilet and pan-
try; arrangements can be made at our
- offlce for oermit.
$25,000.
BROADWAY RESIDENCE; north side: com-"
plete and unobstructed marine view; ia.
a strictly residence locality where the
view is positively unobstructed and lo-
cality la limited. . *
Two-etory attic and basement resi-
dence; contains reception ball, drawing-
room, di nine-room, kitchen, butler's pan-
try, 5 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, ¦ervanu'
room, heater,- wlneroom, etc.
119,000.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS residence with panoramic
view of Presidio, bay and Marln County
hills; 50 feet frontage; new, artistic and
exceptionally well, arranged residence
with two stories, attic and basement;
Just completed: thorough and first-clasa
in every resoect.
First floor has reception hall, living-
room, dining-room, all with hardwood
. floor and dull finished redwood wood-
work; grate In living-room and In dining-
room; artistic den, butler's pantry, kitcn-
en and closets.
Second floor has 4 large bedrooms -with
clothes closets, S grates, elegant bath-
,;'.. "room with tiled aides and floor and su-
perior plumbing; toilet and cedar closet.
Attic has large playroom, servants'
room, darkroom, servants' bath and toi-
. let.
Basement has furnace-room, laundry.
Chinaman's room, toilet; all cement floor,
high cement foundation.
Electric lighting throughout the bouse;
heating radiator in every room; superior
quality gas fixtures and hardware
$19,000.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS; Washington rt.: fla«
new two-story, attlo and basement resi-
dence, comDlete and thorough in every
respect: this house baa fine residences on
both sides; in Improved locality, which
Is destined to becoma a first-class resi-
dence locality; lot Is 40x127 2-3.
FRANKLIN-ST. residence; new two-story, at-
.; tic and basement residence of «uperior
construction and perfect arrangements,
having large reception hall, drawing-
room and dining-room, all with hard-
wood floors, oak and Spanish cedar fin-
ish; kitchen, butler's pantry, large
kitchen pantry, 4 bedrooms, very fine
bathroom with tiled sides and marble
slabs; two rooms for servants In attic:
* laundry, toilets. . wood and coalroom. etc. :
this house Is thorough and complete and
first class in every respect.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS residence: one • 'of the
most artistic houses being offered to-day:
on key lot with fine eastern and south-
ern exposure and fine view of bay; Eng-
' lish basement residence with two etorlea
and attic having large living-room; ar-
tistic dining-room, butler's pantry,
kitchen, 3 fine bedrooms, bathroom with
private shower; attic with two servants'
rooms; basement floor with reception hall,
two servants' rooms, servants" bath, toi-
let, wine closet and laundry,
THOS. MAGEE & SONS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST. \
BUILD on your unimproved realty: wa loaa
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker bulldin*.
. weiii.ii ex.. « 'ak.tr.o.
TRY cur men's ehoes. union made, at $1 and
express or mail charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
$! 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
EOLICITOR for merchant tailor: good Induce-
ments. 1125 Market et.. bet. 7th and 6th.
A BOY wanted at 225^4 Montgomery ave.
WANTED — Two exj>erienced barber 6hop
portert at Plata Barber Ffcop, Oakland.
COATMAKER or bushelman for country. Ap-
p!y REISS BROS. A CO.. 24 Sutter St.
BOY about 16 or 17 for wholesale house: state
age and experience. Box 10S5, Call office.
AGENTS 55 to fl5 a day. Traders' Advertis-
ing Agency, 724 Hayward Bldg.
VAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard st.
YOUNG men. sailors, blacksmiths, carpenters,
green hands, for ships- Herman's, 27 Steuart.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bulils, r. 40, Phelan bldg.
last Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. H.
WlNCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third sU. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 83c night: reading-rooms;
free "bus and bagrare to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church ets.
A BRANCH oJfice of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has be*a
opened at 100S Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL cizes men'e shoes, cllchtly damaged, half
price. C63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your ishoe* kair-soled while waiting: 25c
to COc. IGi Mirston st.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
AUCTION eale of fcor»es every Wednesday at
ii a. m.. £27 Elxth et. ; every h^rse must be
as reprxecr.ted or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer. •
I V.'ILI.. be In Ban Francisco every week with
firrt-class horsco of all kinUr for sale; »*«
me before buying elsewhere. EVARST GRA-
VEL. Wincherter Hotel.
WANTED— A onc-honx 1 covered Fprlr.g warcn.
suitable for delivering mineral wattr In «ne
ceilon demijohns: mui-.t be In rcod condition.
Addre-ff D. KOEHLER. Paso Kobles. Cal.
JJIGH-clasx pacer; record 2:20; can Co better;
bllit buggy; harncrs, etc; for eale cheap.
lOuO Geary «t. '
EECOND-HAND cpen hacks, wagonettes, a-
ccatera and l.uMr.ess buzeie*. CORVILL
MANUFACTURING CO.. 4» ElChtH st.
EAN FRANCISCO Veterinary Coll'ge— Next
*e*n««n begin? June «. Catalogs by applylns to
DR. E. 3. CREELEY. 610 Golden Gate ave.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near Ulack Diamond. Contra Corta
County. Address NucltJ*. 11*0 Stevenson. S.F.
WANTED — One span mare*, weiirht I2O0 to
1400 pounds earh: also 2 email caddie poniej
or dor.key*. 134.1 Webster tt.
ALL klaos cf bus!nr«s buggies, rubber-tire rod
buggies, eiirts, «irrrT* and wagons for eale
cheap. I504-S Folsoro «t. •
WANTED— A south! grntle hrrre; ore that
will ttand without tying; for delivery waeon.
Itox SSS3. Call office.
FOR sale—Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1213,
Call office. "
Lare.~ci assortn-.t 2d-hand wagons, buckbd. «ur-
rey.harneK».work.driv1nr horses. ISth-Valenda.
A WEEK'S news fcr 5 cent*— The Weekly Call.
1C p»r>«. In wrapper, for rolling. SI per y»iar.
HOUSES TO LIST.
A— PRINTED ll*t of houses to let; *en4 lor dr-
cular. O. H. UMBSKN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
LANG TON et.. off Bryant — 1 rooms, yard and
».«w»i— r.t: *ll. Aw"-!y G. A. LEUOUX. 2*
New. Montgomery •*. ' -
BEFORE tnovir.g ret our printed list Of houses
to let. JIALDWIK & HOWELL, 28 P<«t »t.
vuick seiuemecis; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Eetates, second mortgages, . undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
INTEREST 54 AND 6 PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount advanced en city. Oakland, town
and country real estate.
Second mortgages, estates In probate, undi-
vided interests In real estate, property in trust;
loans clost-d promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK,
107-K-9 CROCKER BUILDINO..
POST AND MARKET STS.
________ _
A reasonable amount on
let. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 40S. Call offlce.
SALARY Loans— ~ ¦———.
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge or employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
Et. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per ir.or.Ui;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 4.S4.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof valut Is protect-
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton :phone Bush 431.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, hoardlng-housef, without
security; easy payments: large business In
4G principal cities. Tolman. C53 Parrott bid.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F Collateral Lean Back. 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no coin. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other necurity; no com,;
fairest rates: strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. CS Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st. (upstalre). loans money on diamonds. Jew-
dry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
abso!ute privacy. Phase Busb 4%4.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Intel est. Baldwin Jewelry Stor*.
S40 Market; tel. Main 1B4*. Br.nch.19 Third.
AT lorrest rates on furniture and pis nos; strict -
privacy, no commission installments accepted.
BOXELLI. S01 Eddy. Conservatory building.
I PER cent en furniture or pianos; no removal;
no coznrais-lon; ro publicity; $25 up: quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery _t..nn. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diaxnesds. pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTnAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
ETAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employe*. R. .til. Mutual Sav.. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office. 11034 Brdwy.. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are..
I_pANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unln-
dorted sotec; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loaa
Company, rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture Indorsed notes and other security. 8. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Pht'.an bldg."
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Back building. 708 Market et.
CA C H loaned ralarted people en notes without ,
indojTiT. MORELL. C09 Examiner bulldlcg.
MO.MJ V WANTED.
WANTED — A loan of $10,000 for a term of
yrsrs at 8 per cent per annum on real estate.
Address box S6H. Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st. tf
does your1T6of~leak? ~ ~
Repair it with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay:
. need* no painting or coating; good over old
iron tin or shingles; beet for new roots.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, chaftlng. etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
DESKS and office furniture; $20,000 stock to
be sold before April 15; this stock can be
bought In large or small lots. T. D. Me-
CARTHY CO.. 782 Mission. Phone Bush 467.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint;- guaranteed
to ctop all leaks in the one and preserve the
i new. 2C5 Front St.; tel'. Main 1428.
FOR sale — Launch 32x8 feet, with Union en-
gine, 15 horsepower; launch 30x7 fe«t, with
Union engine, 8 horsepower. Crowley*s
Boathouse, Vallejo-et. wharf.
A— FINE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Orig-
inal Mibflt Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
ALTERATION Bale— Best $2 50 hats, $1 50.
. Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st., near
Pine; open to 0 p. . m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot- form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
FOR sale — Grlndlng-stone. carpenters' and
plumbers' tools; cheap. 953 Howard et.
48-ft. centerboard yawl ya'chi. $800; bargain.
C. F. O'CALLAGHAN, r. 39. Nevada Block.
FANCY pigeons; new Imported varieties; send
for list. C. WILSON. 229 Stevenson st,
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters'; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO.,35 Mrkt.Tel.Bush 85S
BOOKS bought; libraries purchased. King's
Old Bookstore, Gl McAllister st.
STEEL lined safe, 1800 pounds, $125. RICH-
ARDSON BROS.. 1810 Market st.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN, S03 Hayjrard bldg.
GASOLINE engines bought, sold, • exchanged,
repaired. Bykes-Corson Co.. 254 Beale st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st. .
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co., 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap; Chlcagoes, ' Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 033 Market.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. S07 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st. '•'.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all elzes. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
CALIFORNIA HousewT*cker Co.- pays the
highest {.rice for buildings and will ¦ remove
the largest building In 10 days. Office and
yard N. W. cor. Mission and Tenth sts. . .
EHOES wanted: misfit & castoR; highest prcs.;
new A 2d hand ahoes for sale. , . 749 Mission.
¦^^^MUSICALlUySTRiUJ^ :
ONLY piano house in the city that will rent
you u new piano fcr $3 per month and allow
tt months' rent . and cartage . off purchase
price; sole agents for McPhall. v Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. ' 660 Hayes.
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos
- $25; uprignts. $100 up; organs, $25. BYRON
MAUZY. 308 Post st. .
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS — Con.
ALL UPRIGHTS: "
Fischer, new $325, now $1SO.
Hertz, new $300, now $67.
Miller, new $300. now $145.
3 Emerson, new $250 to $350, now $160, '
2 Chickering. new $450, now $100. $185.
2 Stelnway, new $575, $750. now $185, J$325.
Heine, new $575, now $333.
Rents $2 up;- Installments, $1 up. Rent ap-
plied If purchased.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st.
Oakland — 1252 Broadway.
ABSOLUTE BARGAINS IN PIANOS.
One In fair order ......$10
One a little better.... $18
Another, condition good .....'..$23
Also a Chickering, Mason & Hamlin, ; two
Eteinways, Knabe, Vose. Sterling, Mayson,
Emerson. Ballet & Davis, Starr and ¦ many
others, from $55 up; easy terms; fully guar-
anteed. BEN J. CURT AZ & SON. IS O'Far-
rell st. ¦ , '- ' . ¦¦¦ .
$76: 6TEINWAY piano, cost $000, for sale or
$5 Installments. 130S Gough st., near Geary.
STE1NWAY, nearly new; upright: A.'- Gabler.
and Steck mahogany. f 216 McAllister at.
NEW upright pianos -sold $5 monthly pay-
ments. gCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister st.
8-PEDAL Stelnway up.;Chlckering baby grand;
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's, 2S5 O'Farrell.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Ceciltan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
OFFICES AiVD STORES TO LET.
STORE to let; good location. Inquire at 199
.Fourth St.. ' northeast corner Howard..-'.
_ PERSONALS ~
A fresh, smooth and young looking face.
With a real, . genuine "baby »kin."
Don't forget the name, M. ELLA HARRIS.
The number, 7S1 O'Farrell st., near Larkln.
Call or write for book, free, • *
"Hints on Beauty."
NOTICE — Any one having claims against me or
my business . at 168 Fourth st. will please
present the same at said place and they will
¦ be paid on presentation. ¦• •
E. R. ARMSTRONG.
April 13, 1904. - •
THE HERMANN SANITARIUM.
Insomnia, mental and nervous diseases cured:
liquor and drug habits; -massage; medicated
. baths; country place Lake co.;. terms to pby-
ficians; call or write. 1375. Waller, bet. Ma-
sonic ave. and Ashbury et. ; tel. . Fell 837. t,
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth.stops fal'.ing.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness*
cleanse* scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk.
A — MICROTINE, a positive cure for catarrh,
cold In the head, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections: send for free sample
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE , CO.. 272 9th."
WOULD: rentleman- who saw lady with a
child dragged on McAllister-street line ¦ Fri-
day evening, ¦ March 11, kindly leave his ad-
dreasat 1048 McAllister pt.. : T ••
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
. skin, mouth. • bones.', etc.), speedily/ cured by
, skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.. Worst cases cured.
A FINE suit to order on easy installments of
$1 a week. : LEON LEMOS. 1127, Market st..
between-: Seventh and' Eighth.
AT less than cost;, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
THllor, 721 Mafket st." , ' y .
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all. drug dis-
eases positively; cured by Willow Bark Co
812 Shotwell; consultation free; call or write,
SOCIAL dances Wed., 7 Thurs., Sat.' and Sun.;
classes: Mondays,. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. : 1550 Market, nr. Larkln.
FREE treatment * to' ladles" calling this j week;
Gem fac. mass, device; -parlors 517i Taylor st.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.': (Inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by, elec-
tric needle.- Dr. & Mrs. .Travers, 1170 Market.
PERSOSALS— Continued.
Actlna restores loist eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA Co., 3524 10th, nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter. r. eOfl. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room 88.
MASQCERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color. $1; at all druggists'.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pagea. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PALIHJfcTHY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist, 515
Taylor at., near Geary. Phone Black 561 V
ROOMS papered, $4 up; tinting, painting
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel.Maln 413.
PWYSIC1AKS' AMD SURGEON*. _
DR C C. CVDONNELL— Olflce and residence,
1021% Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.:
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st. „
REMOVED — DR.' WONG HIM. herb doctor;
-treats, all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONO PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal ' herb doctor, cures all diseases of humaa
i by use of herbs and teas.' 727 Washington st.
TTONG WOO the famous herb doctor — AH dls-
- r eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
Y^U^^KE^CO r MISTAKE^ >^~— ~—
But get the best sewing 'machine on -earth
when you buy 'the' White. " We are dosing
' out a lot of new machines that are slightly
t>hop worn at one-half and one-third regular
prices. White Sewing Machine Co.. offices
300 Post St., 1841 ; Flllmore st.,,and 70S Va-
lencla st -'i : '¦' • •' - "'
RENTERS— We have 100 new drop head White
sewing machines for rent; quick service;
best machines ; . telephone Black HOC. White
' 6ewlng Machine Co.:V300 Post st.' >',;•:
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use;
' best is cheapest ; second-hand . all ' makes , at
" any price: all kinds rented lowest - rates.
Domestlo of flee. 1 1021 • Market, near Srxtb.
NEW HOME— See , our. new ; trlDle-feed ma-
chines;, slightly used; $10, $15, : $20; second'
hand, $3, $5, $S: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home fiewtnc Machine Co.. 1051 Market sL
;¦ ..'..¦• -• ;' : •. • - SPECIALISTS. <:-.¦-'::.:
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
, ment free Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Butter sly*
v SLOT MACHINES.' "-;\ r[ .
Slot machines, $25; punchers. $25; lifters, card
machlnes.$20. W.A.Bradford Ca,llS5 Market.
STORAGE, '- AND AVA^^JHO^USES^
A— EMPORIUM Storage tt .Van Co.; furniture,
* household; goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
.731 Howard et., nr. Third: phone Grant 161.
A^-GILBERT & r STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
' packing, shipping warehouse,: G.Q. and: Van
" Ness; office 1236 Market, r. 84; tel. South 750.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving'Co., Of-
; flee Post" and "Powell sts,: tel. Prlv. Ex.' 571.
CONKLIN*S Storage— Furniture ! and * merchan-
¦ dlse. • 333 * Golden » Gate ave. ; phone East ¦ 128.'
GOLDEN 'West ; Storage; advances made. 840
Mission st.;. tel. Ho ward 941. F.W.iZehfuss.
PACIFIC ' Storage ' and Furniture > Moving : Com-'
- pany. 2320 Killmore St.; phon* Jackson 2S\.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., U MontKjmtry
•• St.; tel. Main 1840.*: Shipping at cut rates. :
gant, substantial homes; houses open every
('.ay. J. STIERLEN, owner and builder, on
premises; Masonic-avenue cars to door.
FOR sale cheap— Neat cottage; 4 rooms and
bath. ¦ large basement; terms same- as rent.
Apply owner lumber yard, southeast corner
Alabama and Montcalm sts. "
GREAT reduction for 10 days only; elegant
business location: lot 62x00; Valencia st.,
near 22d. PATTERSON, Examiner bldg.
TWO rretty homes Just completed In the Mis-
sion: 6 rooms, bath; about $1000 down, bal-
ance easy. See MOISE. -320 Sansoma st. !
$1300 — FINE cottage; good location: easy
terms: street work done. Apply 3316 Mission.
BARGAIN; modern house. 7,rdoms and base-
ment 145S x Nlnth ave., Sunset District.
MODERN cottage of 5 rooms for sale. 4045
Nineteenth st. •' \
ALL work guaranteed first class, by ALH-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA IIEAI, ESTATE.
i $5250— A RARE bargain; chance of a life-
time; . two Jbeautlful up-to-date modern 8-
- room flats on Clinton ave.- bay frontage;
beautlffel marine vic~; elegant surf bathing;
bathhouses, etc.: this is a rare chance; don't
overlook it. HAMMOND & HAMMOND. Itt3
Park st. ' • . . !*•
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
SoT^Lr'BERKELEy"" REOPENS^Thls ele'
gantly appointed house is now under, a new
. and experienced management. The service is
first class, the accommodations homelike, the
. treatment of guests courtedus, the rates low.
- The hotel Is situated on Dwlght way, one
block west of th.p Dwlght way station, and Is
therefore convenient . to both the Key route
and S. P. ferry systems. Rates, per day,
.'transient, are from $2 to $3, and per month
ore $30 to $50, according to apartments. Ban-
quets and wedding dinners will, be served on
, short nojlce in the most fashionable and de-
lightful manner. All Interested in this an-
• nouncement are invited to call at the house
and inspect it. Any further Information dc-
.' sired will be promptly given: Tel. Dana 1"6.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
:' KHUITVALE REAL. ESTATE. ,
TWO cottages In Fruttvale, 2 blocks from
station; $100 down, balance In small monthly
payments. 324 East Eighth Bt. E. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BBOAD WAT.
OAKLAND RE AL ;, ESTATE. ¦
BARGAIN IN~REAL ESTATE • -
Th* - guardian of the estate of'MARY, A
STARR has filed with the Probate Court (Judge
Greene's department).- Oakland. Cal., a peti-
tion for confirmation of sale of the old "STARR
HOMESTEAD."., northwest corner of Seven-
teenth and ; Grove sts.; , Oakland — 106 feet on
Seventeenth st. by 107:6 feet on Grov* — for
$12. 000;. the petition will come up for hearing
before Judge -Greene, in Oakland on Monday
April IS. at 10 a. •ra.,; when any parties desir-
ing, to make an advance on said bid maybe
heard from. . • -. ..- _>¦¦ ,- : . •,
LOOK AT. THIS. V
;H IF YOU WANT TO BUY A HOME CHEAP
AND ON. EASY TERMS. IT WILL PAY YOU
TO '¦¦ SEE '. P. - C. LASSEN, 466 TENTH ST
OAKLAND.' CAL. .¦¦-;; ¦. '
¦OAKLAjW^FPRyiTIPRB^R^AIJa''
TO-MORROW the ; day for bargains In ; furnl-
¦; lur» Ii. t Schelhaas.lltb st..cor.8tore,Oail»nd.
CHEAPEST and beat In America — The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, rentk to any address In th»
t'nltftd States cr Canada one year for SI.
REAL ESTATE— Coaatry— For Sal*.
320 ACRES; farm, fruit, stock ranch. Lake Co.,
only $2 50 per acre. 10 per cent' cash on
choice 'Safita . Clara ' Valley land; tracts to .
suit you. " Box 16S0. Call.
1400 ACRES at $0 50 per acre; only 90 miles
from San Francisco: to close up an estate.
S«e owner dally at 12:30. RICHARD KEAT- !
INGE. 10$ Jessie St., San Francisco.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre. *
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cat.'
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., »4S
; Market st. ¦ ;
EIGHT- ACRE poultry ranch for sale at a bar-
gnln. MRS. MOLATT, Cotatl, Sonoma
County. Cal. ¦
KEAL ESTATE TO EXCHAKG& ['
WANTED — Mission residence, about 8 room*; -
about $4000. WM. JONES. 411 Franklin st.
WTIlTEnS A.\D SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 SO. Tb«
Typewriting Exchange, 526 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 MonU
goanery st. '.
ID-HaND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec Co.. 609 Martat.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALL sunny; best In city; 3 or 4 rooms furnish-
ed or' unfurnished. ST. CHARLES APART-
MENTS. 1560 Sacramento St.. nr. Larkln.
CALIFORNIA. 3031—30 or 5 sunny housekeep-
lng rooms, furnished complete) gas range;
adults. . . » ¦ • - ¦
CLAY, 1014 — Three sunny rooms, complete, for
housekeeping^ ¦'•>
ELGIN PARK. 56 — Sunny, unfurnished double
. parlors and kitchen; new. and modern; for „
man and wife. . . ' . " . . ' .
FRANKLIN. 203 — Three ' nicely furnished .
housekeeping rocms; bath; sunny corner flat.
FULTON. 233^ — Two connecting housekeeping
rooms; gas range, grate; no children. .
GOUGH. 137 — Two tunny front rooms for light
housekeeping. . . »
HOWARD. 737%— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; rent reasonable; suitable for light'
housekeeping. '¦-"• • ' -.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Plne^ —
-Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
MASON. 417— Furnished rooms, suitable for
housekeeping; also single rooms. .
MASON, 825-^-Elejrant 3-4 room suites; gas. -"
bath electric light; sun, phone; new. r .
OAK, 117— Sunny rooms $1 25 to $3 per week;
gas, range, hot bath, laundry; adults.
O'FARRELL, 730— Nice sunny rooms for bouse-
keeping; $9. $12. $15. $20: conveniences...
POLK. 1018-^-Sunny room: gas store, bath, etc; . .
¦reasonable;' no objection to children.'
WASHINGTON,: 1323. near Jones— To eoupto
* without children. : three v$ry desirable house-
keeping rooms; nicely furnished; bath,, fin*
kitchen, stationary . tubs, - yard: ¦ would rent —
suite - to two gentlemen. Phone Sutter 4121. -
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at -
: . Call branch "office/ cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been h
opened at 1008 » Market v st.. , opposite- . Fifth. "
. Open ¦ until • 11 - p. ¦ m. \ . ' .
: Continued oh Pajje Fourteen. ;1 Dr. A., Barkan -delivered -one of :the
Lane series of lectures . at the Cooper
Medical College last night.; His subject,
"Eyes and Eyeglasses." was listened
to by; a large and attentive. audience
of students. BBB Bl-SH
Dr. Barkan lectures.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT RED BLUFF.
' Second Feet. ¦¦
DATE. . :
1903. 1904.
April 3 28.3S0 3S.140 : j
April 4 27,000 3R.140
April 5 24,460 37.C0O
April « ...:...•. 22,780 37.180
April 7 21,620' 37.660.
April R "... 20.7C0 29.700-
April 9 20,700 33.S40
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
Second Feet.
DATE. , ]
1903. 1904.
April 3 7.470 4,100
April 4....: 6,130 8,730
April 0... R.200 8.610
April 6... ;........ 4,630 4.230
April 7. ..'... 3,850 6.2C0
April 8... 4,360 5,600
April 9.;........ 4,910 5,655
This .report docs not Include water', taken
out of Tuolumne River in -canal' of the Tur
lock and Modesto Irrigation districts. ¦
KINGS RIVER AT SANGER.
I Second Feet.
. DATE. 1
. 1903. I 1904.
April 3......... ...". 8,120 2,346
Aprll4 3.120 2,200 -
AprllS .2,584 2 3fiG
April 6...': 2,584 2,610"'
April 7 2,346 2.0SS
April 8... 2.718 3.280
April 9... 3,120 3.7C0
TULE RIVER. : NEAR PORTERVILLE.
Second Feet..
DATE. ' "
1003;, ;1004.
April 3.. .......... ......V.. 615 203
April 4....... -515 29S
Aprilt 475 ,311
April 6.;................... 370 -324
April 7 .' -~ 379 •> 321
Aprll8.. .............;..... 379 3«5" '
April9... .....;...... 379 ' 23.3 .
Edward Howard Griggs gave the
first of his series of three lectures on^
moral leaders at Steih way Hall last
night. "St. Francis of Assiai" was the
subject. Mr. Griggs treated. his. theme
in a masterful manner and, his talk
Avas both instructive and Interesting.
His audience Avas unusually apprecia
tivel At the close of the lecture^when
he came down into the auditorium, he
Avas surrounded by a large , number of
his auditors '.who' complimented \ him
upon the success of his work. He will
lecture on A'pril 19, taking Emerson
for. his subject, and on April - 22. Tol
stoy will be his theme.
Lectures on Moral Leaders.
The following table gives a -comparative
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers in - cubic feet per
second.' or second feet. The figures for the
last year may be revised by later measure
ments. The figures are by S. G. Bennett,
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey:
FLOW Oi? CALIFORNIA I'.nT^HS.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. Bld.Ask.j Bld.Ask-.
Alpha 11 12| Justice 02 0.1
Alta OS 09 Kcntuck 02 03
Andes 31 SSIKeycs Graes.. '•— - 1 CO
Belcher .. 35 S'jLady Wash .. — OB
Best & Belch.2 00 2 10| Mexican .....2 05 2 10
Bullion ...... 17 19|Occidental ... S3 s.">
Caledonia ... 82 84]Ophlr 6 12U B 25
Challenge Con 27: 29 Overman ..... 40 41
Chollar 20 ,271 Potosi .22 23
Confidence ... 75 85|ScorpIon ..... 19 , 20
Con C & Va.l fio 170 Savage 49 go
Con Imperial. .02 03 Seg Belcher . . 15 17
Con NY 03 05 Sierra Nev .. 66 67
Crown Point. 17 19 Sliver . Hill .. 59 ei
East Sierra N 00 — St Louis .... : . ¦]«
Eureka Con.. — 50 Syndicate .... 04 C5
Exchequer -. . 34 35 Union Con . . S9 n»
Gould & Cur. 31 33 Utah jo 14
Hale & Norc. 85 .871 Yellow Jacket.. 27 20
Julia ........ 00 10t * '
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask. . . Bid Ask
Colehan ..... — 19 Ray & OBrien 10 l'
Esperanza ... — 01 Rescue ....... 07 CS
Gipsy Queen.. — 30 Ton Belmont.. 63 CO
Gold Anchor. — 25 Ton & Cal- «o
Gold -M' Con. 04 .10 Ton Exten . . 81 S3
Hannapah ... — 10 Ton Fraction.. 20 30
Hannapah M. — "25 Ton of Nev ..8 SO 9 Ro
Little Ton " . ,~ 20 ¦ 30 Ton - N Star. . 30 11
MacNamara . 16 17 Ton Midway. " 35 37
Mont Ton.. 1 35 1 37% Ton Superior.. — . b«
Paymaster . . — 10 United Ton .09 —
Ray Ton . . . . 15 ¦ — West End ... «>" 23
Late Shipping Intelligence.
DOMESTIC POUTS.
ARRIVED. :
' ¦¦' . , »- , ~ Friday. April -15.
Ptmr Arctic, .Nelson. 26 hours from Eureka
Ship Ruece, .AVhitmore, 73 days from New
castle,, N.S. AA\
Schr' Ida McKay, Lehtola, 5 days from
Eureka. ¦ \JSt)H0su)tmsSttmsOigK»i
SEATTLE— Sailed April 15— Stmr Dolphin,
for.Skagway. .. - ¦ ' . . < ¦ -
OCEAN STEAMERS. /
NAPLES— Sailed April 15— Stmr Republic,
for Boston ;-^stf^^sSKs^KSKBUB^ggjgaBmimlSBm
LONDON— Sailed April 15— Stmr Cambrian,
for Boston.' ;
ROTTERDAM— Arrived. April 15— Stmr Pots
dam.-fromNew York. - -"¦ - .
,• PLYMOUTH — Arrived April 15— Stmr Prin
zess. Alice.- >frem' New York, for Bremen, and
proceeded. ¦ ¦••^atCBlgyfMF^WntaMWsjtfj; - " - •
LIVERPOOL— Sailed April 15— Stmr Arabic,
forNew York, via Queenstown. . -
-NEAV.-YORK— Sailed AprlH 15— Stmr Celtic,
for Liverpool and ¦ Queenstown: stmr Pretoria,
for.- Hamburg. Boulogne and ¦ Plymouth. . passed
Nantucket lightship at 4:30 p m. -w _•_.,- ,
y 'Arrived. April- '15 — Stmr Campania, from
Liverpool - : and Queenstown; 'stmr'Columbla,
from,- Genoa, passed • Nantucket lightship- at
4;P'm. ' ' •' .:' '"'''¦ - ¦'¦-¦-' _ : .---r J ':-..-¦ -,-.-.
MOVILLE— Sailed April l.WStmr Tunisian,
from ; Liverpool, fur Halifax nnd-St : John -¦-
-- BOULOGNE—^Arrived April 15— Stmr ; Pots
dam.'from New York, for :Rottenflam, and pro
ceeded.- -•-¦:¦ --.•,. ¦> ..
-GENOA— Arrived April 15— Stmr 'Prinzes*
Irene from New -York. >; l v\ ¦ i<- ;¦'. : -.v...- : v..,
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed- 'April . 15— Stmr
Blucherf ' from • Hamburg; 'for New ' York, - via
Cherbourg." f . ; .
The Pacific Athletic Association of
ficials decided last night to apply to
the Supervisors for a license to hold
an amateur. boxing carnival in this city
during the month of May for the pur
pose of raising funds to send Cali
fornia athletes to the St. Louis Expo
sition. 'i?*j5?M-K
1 .
Would Hold Boxing Carnival.
J. W. Williams, of 623 Folsom street,
says he was attacked on Folsom street
early yesterday morning by a man who
stabbed him with a hay fork. He re
ceived seven wounds in the right arm.
He was treated at the Emergency hos
pital!
Says He Was Stabbed.
Aftefnoon Session.
100 MacNamara .. 17| 500 Ton Belmont.. .19
1C0O MacNamara . 16 1C0 Ton of Nev. .8 50
750 Mont Ton .1 37 541 50 Ton Midway.. 37
200 MacNamara . 1711700 Ton Midway.. 30
50 Mont Ton...l 42&|
Following were the sales on 'the San Fran
cisco and .Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
2C0 Alpha Con ..08 300 Julia" '... f9
."CO Alpha Con .. 09 200 Mexican 2 05
200 Alpha -Con .. 11 100 Ophlr ......5 12C
1000 Chollar 27 100 Ophlr • ..5 25
1100 Con C & V.I B2H 500 Overman . 41
50 Con C i.Va.lffi 200 Potosi 22
300 Crown Point. 19 200 Union Con .." 89
300 Alpha Con .. 07 200 Exchequer ... 35
100 Alpha Con .. , CS 400 Justice tt{
000 Andes 30 100 Mexican 2 05
200 Andes 33 1 100 Occidental .... 84
200 Andes ... 32 1C0 Ophlr 5 25
2tX) Bullion 161 300 Overman 40
100 Caledonia ... 80| 200 Overman 3S
250 Con C & A'a.l 65 200 Potosi ....... 21
L0 Con C & AM C2Vi 100 Potosi 22
r.00 Con Imperial. 02 800 Scorpion 18
500 Con N Y .... 04 i 300 Sierra Nev . . <;s
100 Crown Point. 18 300 Union Con .. 90
.400 Crown Point. 19 200 Utah 14
Afternoon Session. ¦
. Following were the sales on Jhe Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
/ Morning Session.
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
300 Alpha OS DCO Overman 37
300 Andes - 30 1000 Seg Belcher . . 13
100 Bullion lti 100 Sierra Nev .. CS
100 Gould & Cur. -30 200 Silver- Hill /. 60
100 Mexican .....2 05 100 Union Con ..80
100 Ophir .....5 12i<.
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia ... 831 500 Scorpion 20
200 Chollar 27| 100 Sierra Nev .. C7
100 Con C & A'a.l 00 200 Sierra Nev . . ¦ 60
200 Exchequer .. S'A 100 Union Con .. SS
400 Justice C3 200 Utah 13
100 Ophlr 5 2o
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San' Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning; Session.
Mining Stodks.
A witness Is missing for the prose
cution in the case of Leon Soeder,
charged with the murder of Joseph
Blaise, his brother-in-law. He is
Charles Vose. a gripman, who at the
time of the murder was employed on
the Union-street line. He saw a man
answering Blaise's description leave
his car at. Vallejo street and talk to a
man under a lamp/ * Vose has been
discharged by the Union-street- line
and ' Detective T. B. Gibson has" been
unable to find any trace of him. Soed
er's case will be called for trial in
Judge Cook's court on Monday.
Witness Missing in Soeder Case.
James H. Allen to Raymond H. Allen, lot on
SW line of Seventh avenue. 00 NW of K street.
NW CO by SW 100,, block 141, Central Park
Homestead: gift.
Bertha Peterf-on to Christian and Bertha
Katz, lot on NAV line of Arlington street. 103
SW of Miguel. SW 25 by NW 103. lot 30. block
9, Falrmount: $10^ . . ¦ ¦ • •
Charles B. and Mary E. Humbert to Maurice
O'Dowd, lot en E line of Eleventh avenue, 150
N of Clement street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
Minnie E. Tucker, C. O. G_ Miller, Etta B.
McNear and Mate T. MacDonald (Tucker) to
J. W. Wright & Sons Investment Company,
lot on SW corner of Thirty-ninth street and
Point Lobos avenue, S 74:6. NW to point 36
W of Thirty-ninth avenue. E 36; $10.
Carlton Richards to Bcrnhard Getz, lot on
N line of A street, 62:6 E of Ninth avenue, E
25 by N; 100; $10. • . .
Sarah MIsh to Oswald MIsh. lot on S line
of K street. 32:6 AV of Forty-fifth avenue, W
23 by S 100; $10. V
Orville D. and Millie E. Baldwin to, Solomon
Getz. lot on SW corner of Forty-seventh ave
nue and K street. AV 45 by S 100; also lot. on
NW corner of Forty-seventh ' avenue and L
etreet, W 132:6 by N 100; also lot on AV line
of Forty-seventh avenue, 150 N of L street, N
100 by AV 120; $10. _
Julia Hlckey to .Kate Murray, lot on N line
of Richmond avenue, 827:3 K of South avenue,
AV 27:3 by*N' ICO, lot 100, block 7, Holly
Park: gift. "
S. Duca» Company (corporation) to Peter H.
and Anr.stead D. Burnett, lot on NE line . of
Glrard street, 50 SE of Silliman. SE GO by NE
00, block 2. University Mound; $10.
R. E. and Lucy C. Ragland to George El
liott, lot 7C8, Gift Map 3: $10/
K. J. Vogel to Henry P. Umbsen. lot on E
lint- of Chattanooga street. 99:0 S of Twenty
third. S 25:6, E 117. N 25, AV 63, N 0:6, W
54; ?I0.
Hugh and Mary Jones to Joseph Haber Jr..
lot on N line- of Twenty-eighth street. 125 W
of Dolore.". N 114, AV 20, SW to point 150 W
of Dolores and 95 N of • Twenty-eighth, S 1)5.
E 25; also lot on S line of Twenty-third
street, 15."> K of Castro. K 50 by S 114? $10.
Trban Realty Company to Jonathan Swel
gert. lot on NE corner of Pacific and Mont
gomery streets. E 137:6. N 137:6, AV 73:6, S
24. AA T 04, S 113:0; $36,500.
William A. Yoell to Henry Brunner, undi
vided >j of lot on AV line of Montgomery street,
C8:9 S of Bueh. S 34:4% by AV CO; grant.
Edward Malley to Samuel H. Batten, lot on
W4lne of Kansas street, 300 S of Sierra, S 100
by AV 25; J5.
.Samuel H. Batten to Charles A. Warren,
Eame; ?5.
James F. and Mary E. Cheesewright to Al
fred AV. Bradbury, lot on E line of • Twenty
first avenue, 104 S of Lake etreet, S 90 by
E 120; S10.
Augustus J. Ranken to Patrick and Annie
Sweeney, lot on W line of Sanchez street, 312
N of Fourteenth. N 2G by AV 125; $10.
Realty Improvement Company to City and
County of San Francisco, lot on N line of
Fcurt<?enth street. 1S1 AV of Castro, N 213:S,
thence to right along a curved line with a
rad<us of 15 feet, said curve being tangent to
previous course t>:6&6, thence to left alons
curved line with a radius of 33:6 'feet 21:3%
to point 171.067 AV of Castro and 212:6 N of
Fcurteenth. N 75, thence to left along curved
line with radius of 33:6. said curve being
tcr.gent to la*t course 18:10^, thence to right
alcng curved line with a radius of 15 feet
S:5?i, N 21C:7Mi. W 52, S 2KJ:7V4, thence to
ripht along curved line with radius of 15 feet
8:.%%. thence to left along curved line with a
rcdius of 33:6 18:10'i, S 75, thence to left
along curved line with a radius of 33:6 feet
21:3%, thence to right along curved line with
radius of 15 feet 9:0%. S 213:8. E 48 (for ex
tension of Devisadero Ftreet); $10.
Alois William to Susanna William (wife),
lot on E line of Harrison street. 130 S of
Twentieth. E 100 by S 2fi; $5.
Celestine Imhaus to Louis A. Imhaus, jot
on N line of Hill street, ,225 E of Guerrero, E
25 by N 114; gift.
Michael Tamony to Bernard and Bertha M.
S. Neyt. lot on SW line of Dore street, 145 SE
of Folsom, SE 2"> by SW 8.">; $10.
Martinus O. Curry to Henry Myers, lot on
N line of Sixteenth street. 237:10 E of Dolores,
K 27:l«i, N 87:9%, SW 12:0%, NW 43, SW 7:'J,
S 131:4; quitclaim deed; $10.
Henry- Myers to Adam Schaefer. same; $10.
Michele and Rosa Mortede to Pasquale De
vlncenzi, lot on W line of Collins street, 200 S
of Point Lobos avenue. S 50 by W 120; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to James
II. Humphreys, lot on NW corner of Oak and
Etelner streets, AV 110 by N 82:6; $ .. j
Almeric W. S. and Mary A. Coxhead to
Julia F. McGaulcy, lot on S line of Green
etreet, 137:0 E of Scott, E 50 by S 187:6. and
notice of abandonment of party wall agree
ments in 38 covenants, 142; quitclaim deed: $1.
Julius C. and Louise C. (or Ixiulsa C.) Dig
gins to Daniel O'Sulllvan, lot on N line of
Sutler street. 206:3 W of Devlsadero, W 64:3
by N 137:0; ?10.
Alice A. Browncll to Louise A. Sullivan, lot
on W line of FUlmore street, 73:3^4 S of Jack
son. S 32:3?; by W 1C5: gift.
Adolphus W. Furst.to William Wolf, lot on
SW corner of Page and Laguna streets, S 35
by W ts7:0; $10.
Estate of -Archie C. Page, by William H.
Fisher, administrator, to David O. Church, lot
on E line of Franklin 6treet, 79 S ot Green
wich. S 53 by E 100; J2J00.
George and Sena Campbell to Herman M.
Rogers, lot on N line of Broadway, 170 W of
GourIi street. "W 27 by N 137:6; $10.
Emily A. Benbow to Margareta B. May. lot
on W line of Larkin street, 07 :t> N of Union,
N 17. W 61:3, N 3. W Cl :3, S 20. E 122:<T; $10.
FRIDAY. APRII/ 15.
REALi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Both Dr. Schafer and Boust were
discharged this morning by Justice
Millard after hearing the testimony in
the Midway 6ase, they having been
charged with assault to commit mur
der in connection with the shooting of
Cornell, which resulted-in the loss of
the latter's leg. At the time Cornell
fired on them they were discussing the
trial and not dreaming that their as
sailant intended to attack them.
Immediately following the shooting
Constable McKamy took Cornell and
his brother, who has been here during
the trial, ; into custody and conveyed
them in his buggy to the County Jail.
Cornell at the jail talked wildly and
apparently failed to recognize his
brother.
Cornell was not thirty feet from the
two men when he' attempted the
assassination. He, so far as is known,
spoke no words to any one, but a min
ute before he crossed over from the
Hughes corner toward the Arlington
and when he saw his Intended victims
he promptly, opened fire. He must
have been laboring under great excite
ment, for his bullets went wide of trfe
mark, save one, and that cut through
the pocket of Boust's coat.
BAKERSFIELD, . A*ril 15.— Shortly
before 3 o'clock this afternoon George
Cornell, who lost his leg in the Mid
way battle "of April, 19Q1, deliberately
opened flre_ on Dr. August Schafer and
former Deputy United States Marshal
E. J. Boust in front of the Arlington,
and as rapidly aa he could shoot he
emptied his pistol at the unarmed men.
Dr. Schafer and Boust were passing
down Nineteenth street and were close
to the car track conversing when they
were startled by a pistol shot. On look-
Ing up they saw that Cornell's * shots
were aimed at them. Boust dodged Into
Wlckersham's jewelry shop and Dr.
Schafer retreated a few feet.
As the last shot was fired Schafer
rushed frantically toward a citizen on
the sidewalk and asked for a weapon,
but the citizen was unarmed.
• A short distance from the town
Stewart met an Italian, who said he
had seen a girl answering the descrip
tion of Dora Miller about three miles
farther on, going toward the Santa
Anita ranch. Stewart gave chase and
after a hard ride spied the girl across
a canyon. When. the horseman had
mounted the intervening ridge the
girl had disappeared.
A thorough search was made and at
last Stewart came across the girl lying
face downward in the high mustard.
He called to her to get up, saying
her sister was "waiting "for.- her- a few
miles down the' road, and receiving no
answer lifted her up-and placed her
upon the spare horse. Seeing that
further flight -.^as out of the question
Dora quietly submitted and was taken
back to Gaviota> She seemed perfect
ly sane, but refused" to talk of her
strange flight from. home. She looked
much the worse for her travels, having
slept in the open' Thursday night and
gone without food since Thursday
morning. After spending the day at
Gaviota, Dora took the evening train
for Los Angeles, accompanied by her
sister.
Thursday night Theresa Miller,
Dora's sister, came up from Los An
geles and got off the train at Naples,
sixteen miles, east of Gaviota. She
met Sheriff Stewart, who was return
ing from a trip to the northern end
of the county. Miss Miller interested
Stewart in her story and he promised
to return with her to Gaviota and aid
in the search. At 4 o'clock this morn
ing Miss. Miller and Stewart left Na
ples, arriving at daviota about half
past 6. Here they joined the search
party, Stewart procuring' a saddle
horse.
SANTA BARBARA, April 16.—
Pretty Dora Miller, the young L<os"An
geles girl who left ''her . home on the
7th of this month without giving her
family or friends a hint as to her
destination, was found this morning
near Gaviota by a search party which
had been scouring the country In that
vicinity for two days previous.
• Thursday morning a party from
here started up the coast to follow
several clews of the girl's where
abouts, reports having reached here
of her passing through the upper end
of the county. The party reached
Gaviota and'there .pressed' a number
of recruits Into service, the country
around the town being thoroughly
searched before dark!
At about 9 o'clock Thursday even
ing one of the search party named
Roe came across the missing girl
upon a main road a short distance
from the town. He called to her, tell
ing her that there was 'a wire for her
at the station which she could get by
calling there, but before he could get
close enough to catch her. Dora made
her escape into the underbrush and
all efforts to find her were unsuccess
ful. The search party spent the night
at Gaviota, much -chagrined at having
their quarry" escape when capture
seemed almost certain.
Shooting Is the Outcome of
the Battle at Midway
When Assailant Lost a Leg
Young Woman Makes Des
perate Attempt to Escape
When She Sees the Officers
FIRES ' ACROSS STREET
JtflND SEEMS RATIONAL
$3,000 Market-st Ry 1st con 6s. '....113 75
Afternoon Session.' ""^ '
Board—
• 100 Central Light and Power 3 75
35 Makaweli. b -3.. 21 (JO
CO Mutual Electric Light ...12 00 .
Street — • -¦
4 . 60 Mutual Electric Light .11 BO
50 Mutual Electric Light........ 12 CO .
125 S F Gas & Electric........... 62 Oo
$1,000 Los Angeles Ry 6 per cent.. Ill 60
.¦".-¦;¦ Unlisted Securities.
¦ ! '~^~ ¦ . • ' - ' ~ "
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | " Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 98 100 SF & NP Ss.lllVi —
B L Wat 6s. — ll-il, s ' P ¦ C R 4s. — 100
Cal NW 5s..l08 ! /fcll0^ S P Co 4V4S.10O —
M C:\Vat 5S.100 — Sun Tel 6s. .113 —
Rts I Wks5s. — 1O7V6 Suttr-st RBs.105 113
SK Drdk 5s — 113% UR.of SF 4a. 77 77H
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co 24 29 I Mat Nav Co. — -90
Cal Cot Mlla 8ft t< — jNev Nat Bk. — 200
Cal G&E Cor 3214 40 |N S U R Co. 9^4 — ,
C Jockey. Cl. 105 — N Cal P Co. 10% —
Cal Powder. 125 — Oak Bk Sav.ll2$ — ¦
, Cal Ship Co. 15 30 Oak T" Con.. 75 —
1 Cal T I & T — 135 IOOF Hall A 6 —
Cen Bk. Oak 63% 76 Orphcutn Co.. 12% 16%
Chutes Co .. 0% — pac S Tel... 100 —
City & C Bk — 112 Paraf Paint.. 38 —
East Dynm..l50 250 |S F Drydock 60 —
DpntPwd pfd — 90 ISF&SJ Coal. 24 84
Do com . . 40 — S. J Wat Co. — 106
FN Bk. Oak.120 — |SO & MTgbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr — ' lUiSwiss-A Bk.115 —
Frnch-A Bk.105 — Truck Elect. 10^ —
Gas Con A.. — 22 UR InC pfd; 43 —
Hon P Co.. 12^ Do com .. .9 —
Lon& SF Bk — 60 .
Morning Besslon.
Board— '
100 Northern'' Cal Power Co. 11 00
. Afternoon Session. •
$2,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 77 37%
Street— .
' 100 Northern Cal . Power" Co 11 00
California Stock and dil Exchange
Oil Stock— . Bid. " Asked.
Apollo '..... .... "44
Associated Trust Certificates. 19 ¦ 20
Aztec 75
Caribou ..........•.;; 3 50 8 75
Central Point Con 70 74
Chicago Crude 20 21.
Claremont G3 .63
Espcranza ......... 1 25 ....
Four 7 . »... . 55 60
Fulton i 00 8 60
Giant ........... ic . 20
Hanford 17ft ClO 180 00
Home 155 - 1,67%
Imperial :.. 14 00 -17 60
Independence 22' 23
Junction 14 ....
Kern 5 00 - 6 12%
Kern River .......10 00 ""12 00
Lion ••.... 01 ....
Monarch (of Arizona) 40 ....
Monte Crlsto 77%'* ....
Occidental of ' W Va:.: 10-- 11
Oil City Petroleum 41 ....
Peerless : 14 00
Plttsburg 15 20
Senator 64 . 67
J Hoverelgn 42 43
Sterling 2 40 ....
: Thirty- three 8 00
Twenty-eight GOO . 6 80
West Shore .,.......; 2 CO ....
Associated Bonds .' .... 79
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Imp 1 50
; Jiorthern Cal Power, 10 76 1100
SALES.
Morning Session.
¦ Board —
4000 Independence, b SO ............. 30
250 Oil City Petroleum ' 41
10 Sterling 2 30
Street — j
3000 Independence 22
S00O Apollo 40
2700 Four Oil , 68
. /Afternoon Session.
Board —
\ 700 Home 1 53
60 Sterling 2 DO
100 Twenty-eight Oil « 50 .
1000 Twenty-eight Oil 6 00 '
100 Four Oil 68
Los Angeles Maiden Who
Left Home Is Found in
* Wilderness Near Gaviota
George Cornell Makes Tain
Attempt to Murder Two
Citizens of Bakersfield
MISSING GIRL
IS CAPTURED
TRIES TO KILL
HIS ENEMIES
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO ; GALU, SATURDAY, APRIL" 16, 190.;.
14
FREE— FREE
TO WANT ADVERTISERS
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S . CALL.
THE GLOW- NIGHT L' LAMP.
A SCIENTIFIC ..WONDER.
Invaluable for Bedrooms,"- Sick
Cn ambei's, ' Hall, 1 - ' Nurseries,
Bathrooms, STAIRCASES, f etc.
BE SURE TO GET 'ONE WITH
~ A WANT: AD N
NEXT^ SUNDAY'S > CALL.
Premium cannot ] be , obtained ia
any other way. ;
jLjrA*T__r_rr nousr a.
\ BT. HH«AIRE APART-IENTS
——LAGCNA BT.. NEAR GEART
vrm b« ready for occupation In a few
days. Everything new. Make your
reservation, now. Elegantly furnished
npartmenU with private batb— 2. 3 and
4 rooms; steam heat; electric light; ele-
vator; private phones: rates reasonabl-,
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Win be finished March 18.
1084 BUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 room* and
bath each; all unfurnished; 527 M> to $40.
Make reservations now. .
6T. CECILE. 135 Fell, above Van Ness — T_«
acme of perfection In elegantly Turn. S-roora
apartments; private baths, rteam heat, elee-
trie lights, elevator, gas ranges; UP to <3»-
BT. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-8
rooms; also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view: r>f»r*nc*-8. Phone Cart !_¦»"¦
ROOMS TO LET— Purn. and Vntmrm.^
AURORA, cerrer Second and Fo'.som et!.— New
house, new furniture; every ropm outside;
modern and sunny; prices from »1 GO p*r
week up; this Is the only up-to-date house In
thla vicinity; first -class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Firth _t-— Rooms
25e to II per night. $1 25 to » per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 673 Market sC (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Room*. 25c. \0c. $1. 51 K> night;
f 1 SO to >10 week: house open all eight.
BURNETT. 1420 Market <old No. 1S64)— Fur-
r.Vbea rooms, suits, elngle; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished runny rooms; prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS <The), 618 Post. nr. Taylor— Just
opened: doelrably located: sunr.y single rooms
and «u1tes. with private baths, hot and cold
water. *team heat, electric light*, phon* every
room; elevator. Phone Eart L317 If desired.
XXLI8 611— Nicely furnished sunny front
suite; front alcove room, light housekeeping.
HLLIS. P0I — Purnlshed rooms to let.
nLLMORE, 1124. nr. Golden Gate ave. — One
or two refined people can find neatly fur-
nished outside rooms In modern flat.
nLLMORE, J323— Suary front room; fur-
nished.
FOR •ingle gentleman, in private home (no
other roomers), a large, eunny. furnished
room, with bath adolnlns:: 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 26_*. Call office.
GOLDEN Place, S. off Golden Gate ave.. bet.
Hyde and Lerkin — Two nicely furnished
rooms; $¦« and $8: for gentlemen.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 85c
to *1 25 night; $1 50 to (6 wk. ; reading-room.
CHANT AVE.. 7— Nicely furnished sunny
euite. suitable 4 gentlemen: also fingle rms.
HARRISON. 7S4H. near 4th— Fine furnished
*unny roms; bath; homelike; $1 week up.
FAGE. 1S24 — 3 cr 4 completely or partially fur.
rooms; regular kitchen; r.o other roomeis.
FOWELU P21— Sunny back room for man and
wife or two centlemrm
j:OYAL House. 12C Ellis — Incandescent lights.
r«ading-room. smoking-room and ladles' par-
. lor; rooms per night. r.Sc to $1 50; week. $2
' to $S; month, fS to $30; elevator on ground^
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths'
FTOCKTON. 41 end 45 — Nicely furnished sun-
ny front FUHr*. also slnEl* rooms, for gentle,
nier.; $1 50. ?2 00 to SS week.
•THE ST. KATHRYN, N.E. oor. Leavenworth
and Ellis — Sunniest rooms in The city; new
hotel; just furr.ishrd fn+h and clean; hair
mattresses In every room; also hot and cold
w-ater, baths, etc.: IKeam heat throughout;
elevator Bervice and every modern conveni-
ence; rocmc from $."5 per week up.
VNITED STATES,. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
roomy. 35c to (1 night, SI 75 to &<; week; elec-
tric lights <no past, running water In every
room: elevator.read.-room: free bus: baggage.
S\'OLF House. 202 Sixth— Electric light in »vrry
room: 15c to $1 a night: 75c to $5 a week;
open ell night; convenient to all cars.
VAN NESS ave.. 519— Elppar.t front parlors
and adjoining suite for office or club.
TVIN-CHESTETt Hotel. 4« ."id 5t.. n«»ar Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 7U0 rooms;
S5c to Jl 50 night: f2 to SS week; «"!»»vator:
*-Jpc. lights: rrading-rocm; free bus: baggage.
BOOMS AM) DO ARD.
EDGEMERE HOTEL.
721 Buch st.. above Powell; select first -
class residential hotel; elegantly furnished
and table unsurpassed; electric light; steam
lie-ted and private exchange telephone* la
•very room; terms reasonable.
B. DU CARPE. Prop.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1018 VAN NESS AVE., NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70«.
HOWARD. S41A— Flret-clas* beard with room,
Flcgle or double. $.*.-J0 week: American fam-
lly; home cooking: home comforts; p'.ano.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 418 Sutfr— Sunny suites.
• single rms.: excellent table; moderate prices.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Elegantly furnished
mltr* with baths: also Fingl*: homelike.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED. .
TOUNG man desires board with small private
family. Box 1023, Call office.
MITTERIXG AAD M'A1IMEH!\G.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van N>>i & Market.
promises cure if in fair health: hours 1 to 5.
DIVIDEND .NOTICES.
BAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Euild-
ing (society. &th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 70S Market et.. opposite Thira—
Fcr the half year ending 31st of December
1>'3, a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12» twelve per cent on
capital stock and ptrticipatmg certificates,
tree cf ta_e», payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
A RD. Manager. HUGH CRAIU. Secretan*.
PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY of California. Berkeley. x o *ice
to contractors, builders and material men
Notice :s hereby given that soalf-d bids a-e
solicited for performing the labor ami fur-
nishing the matrrlais for the granite and
brick work for California Hall on the grounds
Of the University of California at Berkeley
<'alifornla, and paid bid* will br- received _t
the office or the Regent*. South Hall. Berke-
ley, at or before 12 o'clock m. of April
Twenty-fiTth, lt»C4. Plans and Kp^cifications
of eald granite snd brick work have been
Rdopted end may be examined daily at office
of the K»>gent« from !» a. m. until 4pm
No bid* win be considered unless aceoml
panied by a certified check or bond of bidder
In favor of the Regents of Ihe University of
Olifornla, equal to trn <10) per rent of his
Hd with mjrncient sureties, conditioned that
if said bid be accepted, the bidder •niu <j U ]y
enter into a proper contract to faithfully
perform the duty and obligations ia accord-
ance with raid bid and with the plans and
specifications which are hereby required to be
a part of *uch contract. The right to reject
nny and ell bids Is hereby reserved. By or-
der of the Committee on Grounds and Build-
in!?s of the Board of Regents. V. H nvv.
PERSON. Acting Secretary. '.
UNIVERSITY of California, Berkeley— Notice
to contractors, builders and material men
Notice Is hereby given that per.ied bids ere
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for the superstructure
of the oentral power plant on the grounds
nt the University of California at Rerkelev
California, and eald "bids will be received at
the office of the Regents. South Hall B-r-
keley, at or before 12 o'clock m. of April 26
1904. Plans and specifications of said super-
structure of the central newer plant have
been adopted and may be examined dally at
office of tho Regents from 0 a. m. until 4 n
in. No hid* will be considered unless ac-
oompanled by a certified check or bond of
bidder. In favor of the Regents of the Uni-
versity or California, equel to ten <10> per
t-ent of his bid with sufficient sureties con-
ditioned that If eald bid be accepted, the
bidder will duly enter Into a proper contract
to faithfully perform the duty and obliga-
tion* In accordance with Bald bid and with
the plans nnd specifications which are here-
by required to be a part of euch contract.
By ordw of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildlnr* of the Board of Regents. V. H
HENDERSON, acting Becretary. \
CEALED propocale will be received at the of-
flc# of the Lighthouse Engineer, 8an Fran-
<Ieco, Cal.. until 12 o'clock in., standard
time. THCRSDAT. May 19, 1904, and then
opened, for the construction of a concrete
I.sfo for a light and fog rlgnal r tat ion on
Mile Rock, entrance to San Kranrtsc-o Har-
bor. Cal., in 'accordance- with specifica-
tions, copies of which, with blank proposali
and other Information, may be had upon ap-
' plication to Llcotenant Colonel THOS U.
JIANDBURY. Corps or Engineers, U. S. A..
Engineer.
PROPOSALS for pubslstence supplies. Office
Purchasing Commiiwsary. Ban Franctoco, Cal.,
April 15, 1004 — Sealed proposals for furnish-
ing and delivering of euch quantities of sub-
»tstenc« «_pplies, delivered at such wharf or
wharves or euch warehouses In San Fran-
rlffco. Cal.. as per circular to be seen at this
office, will be received here until 11 o'clock
¦u' m.. Wednesday. April 27. 1904, and
opened immediately thereafter In presence of
bidders. freneral Instructions
to til-dern and blank formn'of proposals will
bt furnished to eatahllfhed dealers on appli-
cation to C. R. KRAUTHOFF, Major Com';-.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC '
RAILWAY COMPANY.
THraron Terry, Foot of Market Street.
SAIT FRANCISCO TO SAN EAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:C0, 11:CO a. m.; 12:35, I
3:30,- 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
.".t 11:30 p. m.
Saturday j — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 -a. m.; 1:30,
3:30," 5:00. 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAW PDANC-SCO.
WEEK' DAYS— 6:05. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20, 11:15
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40. 5:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, "9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40,;
3:40, 4:55, 5:C5. 6:25 p. m. j
Leave .1 In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco.) Sept. 27. 1903. [San Francisco.
Week | Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. | days. | tlon. | days. [ Days.
7:30 a S:00a 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a ,
3:30 p 3:30 p • j «:05 p «:20p;
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p ,
ii30 a I 9:10 a 8:40 a
S:00a| Novato. 10:40a 10:20a
3:30 p U :30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10p 3:30p and 7:35p
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
_____ . 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. -L7:35p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:S0p ~|
"~ Windsor. \~
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburr. 10:40a 10:20 a
Lytton.
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville, 7:35 p 6:20 p
¦ • Cloverdale. |
7:30 a 8:00 a Hopland . 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p and Uklah. 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30ar8:00a| Wllllts. |7:35p|6:20p
7:30 at 8:00 al ¦ 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guernevllle." | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:C0a| Sonoma. I 0:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p| 6:00 p|,' Glen Ellen.' | 6:05 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|t0:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 p| Sebastopol. |7:35p|6:20p
"¦'* STAGES connect at Green > Brae for San
Quentin.' at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for. Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerly's,
Bucknells, Sanhedrln. Heights, Hullvilie, Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg
West Point, Usal; at Willlts.for Fort Bragg,
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto, Covelo. Layton-
vllle. ' Cummings,- Bell's Springs, Harris, - Ol-
sen's. Dyer, Garberville, -Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
<i Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced ' rates. • - . ¦ ¦• ¦
On Sunday ' round-trip ' tickets to all pointj
beyond San Rafael at half rates. r . ¦ - ¦. > _. ¦
, Ticket offices, «30 Market street, . Chronicle
WHITING. " R. X ; RYAN. '
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. A_t.
Mt. T am alpais Railway
• ~ • • '- Leave "^ HaSi__li to ttnj - ' , Arrive
SanFr-nchco fsst *t -irk- a >' SaaFraadsca/.
'Week Son-- -^|ffqtt ' Sao- > | Weelt
Days, dayi J&jfttmbL Days.
•TFefi^STooi (sr^tmJa i 2 '°&rfoi4Q
*1:4-6p 9:O0a KguSElHSr l:«»r 3:5Of
5:lOr 1O:OOa %S_*?_§_r *:*Or R-.nor
_____ 11:OOa «:5Op 9:90*
*0_e-_ wit- rtifi _r * Kstss md ¥fl_nr _ua»
> TICOTi, 1 02S Mxax-T St^( North Shore Railroad)"
•JICIS 1 and Saosauto F_*_t, Foot Market S(,
MARRIAGE MCEXSES.
The followlnr marriage licenses were issued
resterday:
Theodore Tfarane. 25. *t« McAllister street,
aad Annie Lorenzen. 26. 1315 Rhode Island.
John E. Badley, 27. Boise. Idaho, and Edith
M. Bertram. 27. 523 Bartlett street.
Pierre Lahaderne. 26, .201 Fourth street, ana
Madeleine Loustalot, 21. 1603 Devlsadero.
Bernard Loustalot. 27. 230 Montgomery ave-
nue, and Marie Marclllac. 23, 1C03 Devlsadero.
Thomas Lfsota, 2tt 31 Lynch sjtreet. and
Enitlia Noauk. 1», 1851 Union, etreet.
Eurene A. Xelson. 25, Sausallto, and Hllma
Peterson, 25, Oakland.
Adolrh Pedronl. 24. 1307 Stockton street,
and ErmJnla BulottL 20, 1?S Van New avenue
William M. Murray, 34. Paris. Ky., and
Edna M. Williams. 21. Lob Anjfeles.
Andrew Leyon. 23. 2146>$ Market etreet. and
Oara GoWbenr. 34. 2146H Market rtreet,
John Scr-marlia, 21. 1112 Lake street, and
Octnvla Dueaarre. IS. 423 Filbert street.
Simon Francis, 23, 152>4 Natoma street, amd
Lulu O. Smaha, 18, !C2'i Natoma. street.
John Wesch. __, 203 Guerrero etreet, and
Mata Thles. 19. 203 Guerrero rtreet.
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, iDarrtetrs and death notices eent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must bo handed
In at either of tbe publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorize— to have the same published.
Notices rurtrlcted simply to tho announcement
of the event ar» published once la thla column
free of charge. _____
BORN. .,
BENNETT— In this city. April 18, 1804, _» the
wife of I.. J. Bennett, a son.
LTNCH- In thla city. April 13, l»04, to th»
i wife of P. E. Lynch, a eon.
MICHAELS— In thlv city April 8, 1904. to
the wife of Max Michaels, a daughter.
aiARREED.
' METER— LEVY— In this city. April 10. 1904,
by the Rev. Dr. J. NIeto, Bamuel Meyer and
Karah Levy.
WHITE— CHARMAK— In this" city. March 27,
li«04. by the Rev. Dr. J. Kleto, Allen White
and Olla Charmak.
DIED
Bllvec. Mrs. E. 8. Olsen. Ircn* E-
Castaszietto. <3eo. A. Patterson, Fao.nl*
(Thlsholm, Alex Push, Hannah
Gatehouse. Frederick Qutnn. Annie
Goodfellow, S. 8. Relee, Emma Ii C
Gorman. Mrs. M. Rourke. Jchn
Groff, Mrs. Minnie £«reaux, John
Haley. Bridret Shannon, Jamea
Hampton. Harry B. Smith. Thomas
1-i.ttlmore. John Stevens. John
McLennan. John M. fctubonrauch, V.
Moore, Mary Van Tassell, Ira
Nolle, Ada
BLIVEN— In this city. April 14, 1904, Mrs.
Emily S. BHven. widow of the late James I.
Bliven. and mo'.ber of Mra. W. P. Candage
and Edward and the late Frank Knight,
aged 73 year* 3 months and 20 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from Olivet
Congregational Church, corner Seventeenth
and Noe etreeta. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
CASTAGNETTO— In this city, April 14, 1904,
George Allen, dearly beloved son of Elizabeth
ar.d tbe late Giovanni CaEtagnetto, and
brother of Edward and Walter Castagnetto,
Mrs. James A. Devolo and tho late John,
Albert and Frederick Castagnetto, a native
of San l'Yancisco. Cal., aeed 2*> years 2
months and & days. A student of the class
of '<>4. CooDcr Medical College.
(CyFrJends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral cervices
Sunday, April 17, at 10:15 o'clock, at his late
residence. 1234 Dupont ttree^. Interment
Italian Cemetery, by «lectric car from Kast
and Market streets at 11 o'clock Ebarp.
CHISHOLM — In Benlcla, April 15, 1904.
Alex Chlsholm, beloved husband of Christina
Cliisholm, a native of Nova Scotia, aged 00
j>ars.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
April 17. at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, lienicla, Cal.
GALEHOUSE— In this city. April 15, 1904,
Frederick, beloved husband of Fanny M.
Gatehouse, father of Scott and William
Cah-house, and grandfather of Frank C.
Ualehouse. a native of Ohio, aged 7_ years
¦ and 5 month*. A member of Associated Vet-
erans of the Mexican War: Apollo Lodge
No. 123. I. O. O. F.. and Valley Lodge No.
SO. A. O. V. W.
E7Fripnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Memorial Hall,.
Odd Fellows' building, corner Seventh and
Market ftreete, undpr the auspices of Apollo
Lodge No 123. 1. O. O. F. Cremation Odd
Fellows' Cemetery- Please omit flowers.
Remains at the parlors of Craig. Cochran &
Co.. 4_y Golden Gate avenue, between IVlk
and Larkin streets.
GOODFELLOW— In this city. April 15.
m»4. SutnroerfW'id S., beloved husband of
Jennrtte Goodfellow, and father of S. I.,
E. M.. R. K. and E. A. Goodfellow, Mrs. W.
F. Lee and Sirs. C. A. McColl. a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 72 years 2 months and
10 days.
kt7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (.Sunday). April -17, at 12:30
o'clock, at the Callfornia-etre^ M. E.
Church. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
Ury, Oakland.
GORMAN— Entered into reet, April 15, 1904,
at h«>r residence. 920 Montgomery street, Mrs.
ilamarti Gorman, beloved mother ot Mrs.
M. Crotty, and sister of Mrs. A. E. Davis
and M. J. McNamare.
tnyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fuuly invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
Aijril 17. l'JO*. at 12:30 o'clock, -from her
late residence, SCO Montgomery street, be-
tween liroadwav and Pacific street. Inter-
ment Holy Croes Cemetery.
GROFF— In Oakland, April 15, 1904. at 2115
Peralta -treet. Mrs. Minnie A. Groff,
daughter of Charles and the late Anna
Chester, a native- of California, aged " 34
years 3 months and 14 days.
HALEY— In this city, April 15, 1904. Bridget.
belov«>d wlf» «jf the late Patrick Haley, and
inoth-r of John and Thomas Haley, Mrs.
Harry Bowley and the late Frank" and
James Haley, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 59 years. (Philadelphia papers
please copy.)
tC7Keniains at the funeral parlors of
McGinn Bros., l_!4-220 McAllister street.
HAMPTON— In Oakland. April 15, 1904, Harry
Bell Hampton, beloved son of John Clay and
Maude Belt Hampton, a native of Oakland,
aged 4 years 6 intuit I. » and & days.
KVFuneral and Interment strictly private.
LATTIMORE— In this city, April 14, lltf)l,
John 1-Utlmore, beloved husband of the late
Eliza Lattlmore, and father of William.
Andrew and John Lattimore, a native of
Londonderry. Ireland, aged 40 years 7
months and 13 days.
(C^Funeral nervjet's Sunday, April 17, at
2 o'clock, at the chapel of N. Gray &; Co.,
tf.Vf Gutter street. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. - x
McLENNAN— In Agnew*. Cal., April 12, 1904,
.Inhn Murry McLennan, beloved husband of
Marguerite McLennan, . and son of i.». H.
and Ellen M> \* nnan, and brother of D. U.
Jr.. David. William, Christina and Ellen
McLennan. Mr«. D. McVlcker and Mra. C.
J. O'Brien, a native of Canada, aged 43
years.
MOORE— In thla city. April 13. 1904, Mary.
beloved wife of Michael Moore, and devoted
¦ and Idolized mother of Mamie, Annie, Robert
and Thoma* Moore, and sister of Michael
and Thomas Stanton and Mrs. J. Moroney, a
native of the parish ot Abaacragh, County
Oalway, Ireland, aeed 51 years.
{u>*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
April Ki, at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 11% Welsh street, o*C Fourth, between
Bryant and Bran nan, thence to St. Rose's
Clutch, where a eolemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of. her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
NOLTE— In this city, April 15. 1904, Ada.
beloved daughter of Louis H. and Isabel A.
Nulte, and sister of Lila W. and Isabel F.
Nolte, a native of California..
C7Friends are resoectlully lnylted to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 2 o'clock, at her late residence, 77
Dehon street. Interment private, at Cypress
Lawn Cemeterj'. • .
OLSEN — In Fruitvale, April 15, 1904, Irene !
E.." beloved daughter of Ole Andrew and '
Sophia M. Olsf-n, and sister of Alpbonse, >
Wepsley and Francis Eleanor Olsen, a na-
tive of Fruitvale, Cal., aged _ years 11
months and 8 days.
(VFriends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. April 17,>at 2 o'clock, at ths family
r*«idence. Frcmcnt avenue, near East Four-
teenth Etreet. Fruitvale.
PATTERSON— In thla city, April 15, 1904.
Fannie, beloved" wife of Samuel Patterson,
a native cf England, aged 30 years 2 months
and 23 days. ¦ •
PUGH— In this city. April 14, . 1904. Hannah
Pugh. clearly beloved wife of the late James
Puarh. and loving mother of Mrs. Mary
Decker. Mrs. Catherine Decker, Mrs. • Eliz-
abeth Burke and James, John and William
Pugh. and lovlrur aunt of Marie lienneszy, I a
native of Ireland. .
C7Tbe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), from S47 Hayes street, at 12:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
QUINN— In this city. April 15. 11)04. Annie
Quinn, dearly beloved wife of tbe late
Patrick Qutnn, a native of 'Tyrone, Ireland,
aged 78 years. -
CTFuneral services will take place
Sunday, April 17. at the residence of her
daughter, Mrs. A. M. Lang, 70HA Ten-
nessee artreet. Funeral and Interment
private.
REISE— In this city. April 13. 1904, Emma
E. C. Relse, . beloved wife of Charles Relse,
mother of Charles and Theodor Relse, sister
of Tbeodor.and William E. F. Wehr. Mrs.
James McGinn. Henry - Hanaen.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros.,
-—Funeral Directors and - Embalmcrs-
214 Eddy St.; TeL South 676.
- J**^ «^ ~^_,
//> >d*<^^____v \ due to »rri y» at
f«U^»l z SAN *" bancisco -
\ • r-^^S~7_»/ r *°* ATXUt Wt 19OC
I xG\Jf^=k/\/ 7_*aT Vxrvr
\^^\\^/ tf 001 ot **»*-« Street )
T ._ T _-7 — majnZBTO -*""•
e.20,
7-30- Nn^LUermore: Tracy. Lathro^
Stockton Vv«l"*Ti_Tiii
;S'\ £». SSE-. 7.50,
Uon.H.nford. Vl.alia. Bakers
Placerrllle. iIary»Tllle. CDlcoj 42Qp
800- AU._tf?E_U-^_ile««dK».i. 11.20*
9.30a Richmond. JlarUnez and TVay g
J0.00- T!e%^f.nd^imV^U-dei "
Penrer. Oman*, cnicago i?2Q»
J.athrofc Stock ton. Merced.
lUymonM. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion. U»nrord. Lemoore. VinaUa.
Bakenfleld. Los Angele* - ; -<... 7|0f
12.00* n-yward. Nile, and Way Stations, .fgg'
tf.OOr g-cramento Rlrer Steamer» ; .....j. ti I.OOf
3J0p Benlclo. winters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knlgntt LandlDg, .
JlarysTllle, OroTllle and way SQk
3^0f n.y a w.°rd!NileiVndWaV sUtfons:: 7-60F
5.30r Port Coita. M-rtlaei. Byron.
- Tracy. L»t_rop. Modesto.
Merceil. Berenda. Fresno and
Way Stitions beyond Port Costa 12 20?
530r To.emlte Valley. Mod.. Wed_ Fri. 9.20*
3J0r M»rt!nei. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10.20a
4 00r Martln«.SanIUmo_.V»Uejo,Sapa,
Callftopa,S»ntaKo«« ... ... J|o*
4 OOr NHet, Tracy. Stockton. Lodl ...... 4 20r
430r ll_yward. Nile*. Irrlngton. 8»n» JS.BOa
Joie. Llvermore I tll.SOA
6X0r The Owl Limited— Se»_»n. Lot
Hanos. Mendoia. Fresno, Talare,
BtkenSeld. Lot Aneslet.
Golden State Limited Sleeper.
Oakland to Los Angele*. for Chi-
cago, via C. B. I. & P. (last trip
AprlI19> ,2'2?*
BXOr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton I?-? 0 /
tB.30r llayward. N lies and San Joie 7.20-
S.OOr nayward. NI!o« and San Jote....... 9.bQ«
GCOr Eastern Expras»-Opden. DeaTer,
Omaha, St. Loals. Chicago and
East. Port Costa, Denlcta, Sal- "
nun. Elmlra. Davis. SacTamenta,
Kacklln. Auburn, Colfax.
Trnckee. Uoca. Ueno. Wads-
worth, ATtnnemocca 5 Z3*
6.00i» Yallejo, daily, except Sunday... . I 7 en.
700r Vtllejo. Snaday only f
7.C0r Klchmond. San Pablo. Port Co»ta,
Martinex and AVay SUtloni 11-20*
t-CBr Orrcon & California Ezpre** — Sac-
ramento. Mary»TlSle. Reddtng.
Portland. Puget Sound and E«it. 850*
9.10T Hayward. Nile* and San Jose (Sun-
> day only) 11-B0»
COAST LINE OsrnMT (Un^.l.
(Foot of Market Street.)
7.45a Santa Cruz Excurs!o2(Snnd»y only) 8.1Qr
0.15* Newark, Centerrllle. San Joae.
Felton. Boulaer Creek. Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5-55?
2.1 6* Newark. Centerrllle. San Joss,
New Almaden.Loj Gatot.FeUoa,
Bonider Crrek. Santa Cruz aad
PrtncfpM Way Station flO.55*
4.16r Kewnrfc. San Joie, LosOatoa and ) t8.55 «
way itatfonn 7 *10 55*
OAKLAN D HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN MCA3 CISCO, Foot of Market St. (SilpO
-t!:13 »:0O 11:00 a Ji. 100 300 6.15p.m.
Vrom OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t6:0« J3:0J
18:03 10:1)0 a.*^ 12 00 200 4.00 F.M.
COAST LINE <llroa«l «.au*;.).
ty (laird and 'lovrnitrud Street*.)
8.10a San Jo.e and Way Station* 6^30r
t700A San Jose and Way btatlon* 5 40?
7.15a Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only).» 10-30*
8.00a New Almaden <Tncs.. Frld.. only). 4-ICj 1
6 00a The Coaster— Scopa onlr San Jo»e.
Gllroy (connection for Holils-
, ter). Pajarc. CaetroTille (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grore), Salinas. Sis
Ardo, Paio Koble*. Santa Mar-
garita. San LuU Ubiipo. principal
station* thence Surf (coanectloa
for Lompoc). principal vtatloa*
thence Santa Barhara.San Buena-
ventura, Burban>. Lo* Angelei . J 043*
8. CO* San Jote. Tres Plnos. Ctptiola.
.\. . SantaCraz.Pac!Ce(iroTe,Sa!1-aa, .
San Lnt« Obltpo and Principal
Way Station* 4.10*
10.30a San Jone and TVay Station* 1.20?
11.30a Santa Clara. San Jose. Lo* Gato*
and Way Sta! lon» 7.30p
1^0p 6nn Jose and Way Stations 8-384
3 00' Del Monte Kxpren— Santa Clara,
bin Jove, Del Munte. Moaterpy,
Pacific G rove (connects at Santa
Clara, except Sunday, for Santa
Cruj:, Donltler Creek and Narrow
Gauge P"?nt») at Gilror for Hol-
lister, Tres Plnos. at Pajaro for
Santa Cruz, at C-stroriUe for
Salinas 12-15#
3-ZOr Tres Plnos Way Passenger. 10 4?*
4.30P Van Jose and Way Stations JS-OOa
?5 00** Santa Clara, Saa Jose. Los Oatcs.
and principal Way Stations (ex-
cept Sunday) 19.094
55 30p EanJoseandPrinetpalWayStatlom §2.49*
G4o> Bnniet LlmlteJ.— Redworui. Sac
Jose,Gilroy,Sallnas,Paso Hobles,
San Lnls Obiipo, Santa Barbara,
l.oi Angele*. Demlnsr. Kl Pa*o,
New Orleans. New Torfc. Con-
¦ nects at Pajaro for Santa Cro_
and at Ca«troYill« for Pactilc
GroTe and Way Stations........ 7.10k
(G 15r Ean Mateo, neresford.belmont.Sas
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oa_a.
Memo Park. Palo Alto.... t6.«S«
6 30r P»n Jo»e and Wit SUUoas 7... 6 35*
8 OCp Palo Altu and Way Stations 10.15a
11.201" South Millbrae, Bar-
llnKame. San Mateo. Belmont,
San Carlos. Kedwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 9.45p
nl1.30r MajOeld, Monnuln View. Sunay-
rsle. Lawrrnce, Santa Clara and
San Joae...*. t9.4Sf
A for Morales. P f or Afternoon.
1 Sunday excepted. $ Sunday only.
a Saturday only. >•
f Stops at all stations on Sunday.
r*"Only trains stopping Ht Valencia St. so-thboumt
are«:10A.iz.. 7:00 a. x^ 7:15 a. m., ]1:SCa. m., 8:;»f.m^
8:30 p.m. and 8:00 P.M.
CALIFORNIA I
LIMITED TO CHICAGO I
LEAVES DAILY I
: ?,° "• m - to n dajt, I
with diner ana all trapping-*;. ¦
Other Santa. 7e Trains: K
9-30 a! m'\ t0T Sl °c k ton. Fresno. BaKersfleld.
8:00 p. m!J Merced. Hanford and Vlsaila.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
. ' Chicago.
TICKET orriCTES— €41 Market St. ana
Perry Depot. S. F. Alio 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland, Cal. 37 Sonth First St..
San Jose. "
H TO SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MLL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
v Via Sansallto Ferry. -
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from Pan Francisco Daily 7:0O 8-0O
3:00. 10:C0. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. J: 15, 3:15 - , 4:15
6:15 6:15. 7:00. 8:43. 10:20. 11:15 p. m. '
FROM PAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
— ©aily; 5:'-*5. 6:S5. 7:40. 8:35. 0:33. 11:05 a.
m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 6:45, 6:45,
6:45. 10:20 p. m. - -
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally; 5:45. fi:55. 7:52. 8:55. 9:55,
11:20 a. in., 12:35, _:00. 3:15. 4:03. 5:C5, 8:03,
7:O5w 8:00. 10:U5 p. m.
) • THROUGH TRAINS.
8:0O a. m.. daily— Cazadero and way stations.'
.6:15 p. m. • iveelt - days (Saturday excepted) —
Tomales and way stations. . •¦ • •-
. 3:15 p. p m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
stations. - T i9BPKj
Sundays ¦ only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations. 1 ***^* HI fo*fes«_Jh»iw_*M_s___afJ_
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st.
- FERRY— Union Depot. ' foot of Market St..
THE WEEKLY CALL
Si per Year.
Charles Heyer. Henry C. AVehr and the late
Gustave Wehr. a native at Neustadt. Hol-
•teln. Germany, aged 43 years 4 month* and
C-^Frtenda and acquaintances are reBPect-
f ully Invited to attend the* funeral Saturday.
April 16. at 2 o'clock, from her • a teresJ-
dence. 1147 Point Lobos avenue. Interment
Odd Fellow.' Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
ROURKE— In tils city. April 14. 1904, John
Rourke, beloved father, of Sister M. Rose of
! Sinter* of Charity of. the Blessed Mrgln.
Sister M. Gertnide. Sister M. Be"* 111 * 11 .. 0 '
the Holy Family and Mrs. J. T. McBrlde,
a native ot Ireland, aeed 75 years.
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2448 Larkin etreet, thence to St.
Brigld's Church, where a requiem high mass
will he celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy Croe_ Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from Elgnteentn
and Guerrero streets. • .
SHANNON— In this city. April 14, 1904. James
Shannon, beloved father of AVIlllam, Thomas,
Charles. David, Francis and Robert Shannon
and Mrs. Andrew Balbontln. a native .of
County Tyrone. Ireland, aged 06 years 5
months and 21 days. (Los Angeles papers
please copy.)
(ETFriendu and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, April 17, at 1 o'clock, at St. Peter s
Church. on Alabama etreet, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth. Remains
et the parlors of the California Undertaking
Company, 403 Powell street, near Pest. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery-
SMITH— In this city, April 14. 1904. Thomas
Smith, dearly beloved brother of Mrs. Mar-
garet Lavelle, Mra. Julia O'Brien and the
late Mrs. Mary Gallagher, a native of SwUi-
ford. Counly Mayo, Ireland, aged 45 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday). April 17. at 12:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of Carew & English, 29 Van- Ness
avenue-, thence to St. James Church -"or
services, commencing at 1 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cress Cemetery.
STEVENS— In AVest Berkeley, April 13, 1904,
John Stevens dearly beloved husband of
Christine Stevens, and loving father of Carl
• B.. Garrett I_. Martin L.. AVllliam F..
Edwin T. and . Mabel G. Bterens, a native
of Bergen, Norway, aged C3 years 11 months
and 17 days. A member of Alemanla' Lodge
No. 8, K. of P.. and M. E. B.-'A. No. 35.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. April 17. at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence. 2127 Fifth street. West Berkeley.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land.
6EREAUX— In this city, April 15, 1004, John
Sereaux, a native of France, asred 78 years.
STUBENRAUCH— In this city, .— irll U, 1904.
A'alentine, beloved husband of Henriette
Stubenrauch, and father of Arnold and
Charles Stubenrauch 'and Mrs. Robert,
Beagles, a native of Germany, aged B7 years
and 22 davs. (New Orleans and Houston,
Tex., papers please copy.)
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), April lfl. at 2 o'clock, from his
late residence. 1044 Minna street, between
Eleventh and Twelfth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Elchteenth and Guerrero streets.
VAN TASSELL— In this city, April 15. 1904,
Ira. beloved Bon of Edward and Emily Van
Tassell. a native ot Ean Francisco, aged
6 months and _O days.Deciduous and Citnis Fruits:
WHEAT— The foreign markets were slightly
firmer." Broomhall cabled that he had the best
authority for stating that the, British Chan
cellor of the Exchequer would not reimpose the
Import duty on grain. 1 ' ; - - >...'>„-.
, Chicago opened higher, but closed lower. Re
port* from the crop ¦ continued bad.. St. Louis
wirwl : "Warm, dry weather,' Is needed. Crop
reports have all changed to bad, and Oklahoma
is- now sending 'in . the ; worst." The: reports
from the Ohio Valley are also discouraging, and
there ¦ Is too ; much cold and . snow . everywhere
over the "Wheat belt. : "'s: ... ¦.;**-•._
. In this market shipping; grades are. lower,'
but choice milling is keeping up better. Here
tofore • shippers have been able to get" ships at
from 12s 6d to 15s. but now. they cannot." as the
same vessels can ! get 22s 6d for. new | crop . load-
Ing and/ as the new crop ; Is >. not ¦- far ; on*,*: they
prefer to wait for that business. * This.lsr'equiv
alent »; to 'Just > so t much advance . In freights.'
Wheat and Other Grains.
Receipts of Produce. .
FOR FRIDAY. APRIL 15.
Flour, qr sks . . 9,974 Hides. No. " .... . 811
Wheat ctls .... 1.4S0 Pelts,. No; ....-3,297
Barley", ctls 12,339 Tallow, ctls ... 208
Oats ctls • . .... ;* 1,222 1 Leather, rolls . . -69
Beans, sks ..... 420 Wine, gals "...:. 29,250
Potatoes sks .. 4,597lBrandy. gals..'. 45O
Bran.' sks'.. ... 30| Chicory, bbls .-. <so
Screenings eks. 200 Lime/ bbls .:.... - 220
Hay, tons .. 278 Quicksilver, .flks. 226
Wool. ¦ bales .... 324
i. .I -OREGON.
Potatoes, - sks . . - 4S6|
Silver continues to decline, and yesterday fell
off %c. Exchange rates remained unchanged.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange. . eight .:...... — 4 88H
Sterling Exchange. • cables .'......— 4 89*4
New York Exchange, sight...... -- 12%
New .York Exchange/telegraphic. — i 15
Silver, per ounce:..... .......— , 62Ts
Mexican Dollars,. nominal......... — 43^
Exchange and Bullion.
derations by a small contingent of profes
sional traders who were not bold enough to
follow jTic-e* to any distance from last nlghfn
level. Outside of profe»*ional orieratiODB there
v a»- little In the market. The most con
fciiicuou* movement of the day was that ir.
Krie and tht fteady accumulation of 6tock
ciiide some lmpret=5lon on the general lUt.
n-sultlng li» a ra-lly from the early decline.
The < x :*«-?¦" * of dividend holdincs in Krie
hy euch rtoiderii «s those arrayed In the co 1-*
test for th« control of Northern Pacific re
vived eoroe of the o>d rumors about the ex
tension of the contest to Erie, which were In
clnulation nt the time of the first contest In
th«> Northwest. The early heaviness centered
largely In the Pennsylvania rmup and wac
<!uc to the announcement of a $10,000,000 note
lttueu by the Baltimore «r.< Ohio. The««;
t»-mp«riiry expedients for Tunding operations
nr« felt to be piling up ahead of the market's
absorptive power. This has the effect of dis
couraging buylryj of *ecurlties. The week's
currency mor*TMtnt Indicate* an extraordinary
accumulation •£ cash at this center. The
rr-cular exprer* movement from the Interior
has bt-en heavily in favor of New Vork. esti
mate runnlnc the amount over $."J,O00,O00.
fitrTlinjr exchange continued very firm and it
It considered probah-f that further Fold wll!
be «-xporte<l at avw**^» opportunities. Th»
crporte of train for the week show a falll »g |
off from last week of «!40,0O0" bushels ,for 1
«-heat and 41'-. 1 "" 1 buohel* for ccrn.* The Bank
of England policy in reducing the discount
ratf this week Ib believed' to encourage the
repayment of Ijcndon obligations to Paris anl
thl» would not relax the pressure on New
York for rold at Paris. The London Statist
•¦aid recently :
••It In Mchly <Jp«!rable that the immcni.* '
•jqwnt of foreisn money « hich has been
NEW YORK, April 13.— To-day was another
Any of languid simulation «nJ the moderate
Nav York Stock Market
. DRIED FRUITS. .
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet, with prime seldom bringing above
5%c and other trades moving well. Common
are quoted at 4®5%c; prime. 5%©5%c; choice,
0liC«%c: fancy. 707%c. v^ ;
PRUNES— Seem to be attracting, a sllghUy
better demand and remain easyj with prices
ranging lrom 46514c. according to grades, Vi,*«
APRICOTS — Quiet; choice, OglOc; extra
choice. 10%«S10%c; fancy.* ll@13c.
PEACHES — Steady, with choice held at 7',i
©7%c; extra choice, 7-TieSc; fancy, 9%610c.
NEW YORK. April 15.— FLOUR— Receipts.
20.C0O barrels: export!-. 20,100 barrels; market
quiet but steady at last night's prices.
WHEAT— Receipts, 10,000 bushels; exports,
15,940 bushels; spot, easy; No. 2 red. $103.
nominal," elevator, and $1 06@l 09, nominal,
f . o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 1 019»,
nominal, f. o. b. afloat. Options opened steady
and were well sustained for a time on the
bullish character of the crop news and cold
weather, but weakened through efforts of pro
fessionals to get profits and closed %®%e net
lower. Close — May. 93c; July, 91«gc; Sep
tember. 85%c: December, 859gc.
• HOPS — Quiet.
HIDES— Steady. -
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
COFFEE-«-Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice,
"lie; mild, steady; Cordova, 10013c. The mar
ket for icoffee futures closed steady "at un
changed • prices to an advance of 5 points.
Total sates, 71,500 bags. Including: April.
5.90c: May. • 5.9O©0.00c; July. ; 6. 15® 6. 23c; De
cember, fl.70@0.80c.
BUGAR— Raw, nominal; refined, quiet.
New York Grain and Produce.
AH three markets under this head continue
to run along smoothly, i Not for years has there
been such unanimity as to market values
among commission merchants. - The contentions
and wide divergences in views heretofore com
mon at this, time of the year," and which have
kept the markets in a state of ferment, highly
unsatisfactory to the, trade and detrimental' to
business as well, have thus ; far figured less
than for many years. • The law of supply and
demand seems to govern : conditions now." and
It Is to be hoped .that this state of affairs will
continue. > - : ' : "" V ; - r '. ':' ¦'•¦-•-':¦¦'¦:" ,' .
Butter continues to show considerable effects
of the recent hot weather, but there Is now
morehard sweet creamery coming in and the
market is in improved condition ' In conse
quence ! Prices remain unchanged.. Cheese is
Btill in oversupply and weak. Receipts of Eggs
fell off ' again yesterday, but there ¦ were atlll
plenty of all descriptions- on hand and quota
tions . showed . no change.' ; .' ; :
Receipts were 78,200 lbs Butter, 1260 cases
Eggs and 16,800 lbs -Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 18ff 10c
for extras and 17® 17 %c for firsts ; dairy, 15®
17%c; store Butter, 13@14c; cold storage, nom-
CHEESE^-8@9c " - for ' - rood ¦• to ; choice new
and 7»7%cfcr lower grades; Young, Americas,
9%@10c; Eastern. 15@16c; Western, . 14®15c
per lb ; '. - : "¦ ¦¦ ¦ " " - ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦¦-¦-.-'¦. ¦ ' ¦
• • EGGS Ranch, 18019c for fair to choice;
store, 16@17%c per dozen.
Butter j Cheese and Eggs.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening • « »;-» « «%
Closing ' 6 5% 6 0%
PARIS.
Wheat— April. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 22 2;. 20 tlO
Closing • 22 25 20 60
Flour—
Opening 23 70 27 90
Closing 28 65 27 W>
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. April 15.— WOOL— Steady.
Medium grades, combing and clothing, l,S@22c;
light fine, 14©17%c; heavy fine, 12@14%c; tub
washed, 20@21c. , • c
Northern Wheat Market ;
OREGON. :
PORTLAND, April 15. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 75c; bluestem. S2c; valley, 80ig81c.
. WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. April 15.— WHEAT— Unchanged.
Bluestem, 83c; club. .75c. X " ..
Northern Business.
SEATTLE April 15.— Clearings, ; $562,747;
balances. $109,021. m
TACOMA. ' April 15.— Oearings, $314,S28;
balances. $51. 7CO.
PORTLAND. - April 15. — Clearings, $862,248;
balances. $47,2»l-r
SPOKANE, April 15.— Clearings, $334,155;
balances, $55,383.
NEW YORK. Arril 13. — Clw=« — Money on
call l*\iil l i Vt cent; closing bid, Hi per
S «S: W «* n^ety
fiaj«. 2 J .ift3 per cent; six months, «Vttfe3\ per
c*r.t.'
Nczv York Money Market.
I EASTERN MARKETS. |
y . ; *¦
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 16@18c per lb;
Geese, per pair, $2@2 50; - Goslings. $202 50;
Ducks $5 50@0 50 per dozen for- old and $6 500
7 60 for " young; -Hens, $7@8 for- large and
$5 60@6 50 - for small : young . Roosters, $7@
8 50* old Roosters. ¦'?5S6; Fryers, J«@6 50;
Broilers. $4@4 60 for large and $2 50@3 "Tor
small; 'Pigeons $1 25@1 50. per dozen for old
and $1 70@2 23 for , Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese, $2 50®3 per dozen;
White Geese. 75c@$l; Brant, $lgl 50; Honkers,
$3ft4- English Snipe. $:!©3 50; common Snipe,
$1 50@l 75; Rabbits, $1@1 75; Hare, $l@i 25.
Receipts of domestic Poultry continued light,
and as there was no Western offering the mar
ket ruled firm for good large stock of all de
scriptions.- Small Broilers and. Squab Pigeons
continued to drasr, but prices were no lower
and there wa3 very little lert on hand at the
close. Two cars of Western stock were re
ported close at hand, but It Is not likely that
they will be marketed before Monday. Good,
sound offerings of Game readily commanded
the quoted rates, but oft. lots were practically
unsalable.
Poultry and Game.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 79
7%c per lb;. UTilte Lead, 7@7%c, according to
quantity. ~ -v ¦>¦---¦ ¦•'
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.65c;
Powdered, 6.50c; : Candy Granulated. .- 6.50c;
Dry Granulated, fine, 5.40c; Dry Granu
lated, coarse. 5.40cr Fruit Granulated, 5.40c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), 5.30c;
Confectioners' A, . 5.40c; Magnolia A, 5c:
Extra C, - 4.90c; Golden C. 4.80c; "D,"
4.70c; barrels, 10c more; half barrels, 25c more:
boxes, . 60c more; 'BO-lb baes, -10c more for all
kinds. Tablets — Half barrels,' 5.90c; boxes,
G.13c; H. & E. Cr>'stal Domlnos, 8.40c per lb.
No orders taken fcr less than seventy-five bar
rels 1 or Its . equivalent. / -. • •
BAGS— Gram Bags, 0%c spot and 5%c June-
July; San Quentln, $5 40; Wool- Bags, 32g35c;
Fleece Twine, 7%@8c.
COAL — Wellington, $S per ton; New Wel
lington. $S; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $d SO; Bea
ver Hill. $6: Stanford. $7; Roslyn, $7: Coos
Bay, $5 50; Greta, $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and $14 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Eggr, $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50; Cannel, $S 50 per ton; Coke, $11 6>)QVd
per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 80
per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations. are for barrels; for cases,
add 6c; Linseed, 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor OH, in cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' A A. $1 10@l 12: Lucol. 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. 60@70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55«
for ' Australian; ; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, .85c: natural winter Sperm Oil, 80c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil, 65c; natural Whale
OH- 60c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. "75c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. 60c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c; light Herring OH.
45c; dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil. 38c:
boi-M Fish Oil. 40c; raw Fish Oil, 3Sc; boiled
PL^nt Oil. 35c; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk,
14c: Pearl OH, in cases, 20%c; Astral 20%o;
Star. 20%c; Extra Star, 24%c; Elaine. 26%c;
Eocene, 23%c;* Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk, :16c; , In cases, 22%c;- Benzine. In bulk.
13c: In cases, 19%c: 86-degree gasoline in
bulk. 2.">c: in cases, 31c* - • - . -
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon in cases and
75c lri drums and iron barrels.. ' - - .
General Merchandise.
« , .*
I Mscellaneous Markets. |
FRIDAY. April 15—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I . Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..l07»il08% 4s qr cp new.133 133U
4s qr reg...l07%108%|3s qr reg... 1063,107 %
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — - JO T Co 63.119U —
Bay CPC 56.100%101% Do 5s 110% —
Cal C G os. — 105 | Do con 5s. — —
Cal G & E s Oceanic S 5s. — 78'
m & ct 5s. 79 — Om Cable 6s. — 1241,4
Cal-st C 5s.lie%117% Pac G 1m 4s. — 95%
C C Wat 5a. — — P E Ry 53.104%105-
EdL.&P6a— 130 P & C H Cs.lNft —
F & C H 6s. — 116 P & O R 63.116 - —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Powell-st 6s. — —
H C&S 5%s.l00 — Sac EG&R5s. 99%100
Do 68 ... — 9S SP & SJV5».116 116*4
Hon R T 6«.106ii — Sierra R 6s. 110 , —
L A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A 6s
LA Ry 5s.Hl 112 (19C9> 107 -
L A L Co 6s - — e U910) .¦•••108 —
Do Ktd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do ltd 5s.l02%107 <1905)Sr A. 101*4 —
LAP lem 5s. 99 — (19<K)Sr B.102U —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 119^4 (1906> — 105
Do lem 5s.U3%114ii (1912) ..... - 11W
MV& MtT5s.lO4 — SPC 1 eg 5s — 119H
NRR of C6s.lO7% — Do stmpd..lO9% — ¦¦
Do 5s 116%117 S P B R 6s. — 132%
N P C R 5S.105 — S V Wat 6s.l04%104*i
N C Ry 5s. 109 — Do 4s 2dm. 99%10Oii
N C P C Bs. 99 102 Do 4s 3dm. — »9?i
N S R R 5s. — 100 Stkn G*E«s. — -89
O G L&H 5S.1C6 — U G & E 5s. — 103
O W gtd 5s. — — I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 40 I Port Costa, . . — —
Martn Co...— 62%} S V Wat Co. 39% 39%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% 4 IS F G & E. 621* 62*4
Mutual E L. 11% 13 I Stkn G & E. 5 — ,
Pac L Co.. 56 — |U G & E Co. — 33
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.300 340 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bfc. — 122%! LP & A... .152% --
Anglo-Cal ..85 87 Mer Trust.... — 220
Bank of CaL 425 — I-Mercta Ex.... — — ,
Cal Safe Dp./45 150 IS. F. Nation. — 133
First Natlonl — — .| '
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2260 2350 Sav & L So. — 10O
Hum 8 & L.— — Sec Sav. Bk. — . 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co —
S F Sav U. 625 ~^
•, s STREfiT ; RAILROADS.
California ..; 200 (Presidio .....— 41
Geary ...... — 80 I
POWDER.
Giant ...... 60% 61%jVigorit ..... 4$i 5
SUGAR.
Hana P ' Co. — 25c i Kllauea S C: 3T4 -r
Hawaiian C. — 49 |Makaweli C. 21 21%
Honokaa S C 12 — |Onomea S C. — 27%
Hutch S P C' OU 0*;iPaauban S C 13 ISfe
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. '— 1*3 (Oceanic S Co. 4 4%
Cal FCA.— 102%SPac Aux FA. W -
Cal Wine A. 92 92%|Pac C Bon. — 170
MV& MtTm.100 — I ¦..
Morning Session.
Board —
55 Honokaa S Co... 12 2S .
100 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co. . 4 00
20 Makaweli ..............:.:... 21 t»
2C0 Mutual • Electrlo Light ....... 11 00
CO Paauhaa S P Co. ......... 13 50
50 Paauhau S P Co...... 13 25 •
10 S F Gas & Electric;...".....:. 61 00
lOSF'Gas & Electric... el 23
¦'"-¦» 50 8 F Gas & Electric, s 00.....; 61, 5O<.
15 S F' Gas :&: Electric. :........ SI. SO
$5 OCO Los 'Angeles R>" 5 per cent.. Ill 50
' '¦ ¦ Street— ~r ' -
14 Pacific Coast Borax ....170 00
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
Weather Report.
'120th Meridian — TaciSc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 15—5 p. m.
Th«" following are the seasonal rainfalls to
due. ft= compared with those of same date last
Benson, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This La«t
Stations. — 24 hours, s^nfon. sea*on.
Kurek* 0.O2 TM.49 49.66
Ke<i BiufT «».O2 l^.la 23.11
baenmesto 0.04 I5.no i«.M
Kan Francisco ..Trace 19.24" 18.12
Kr-psno O.O4 16. «» H.2JS
Indi^ndence 0.00 2.55 2.15
8an Lulf Obispo O.ll 14.0O 17.23
Lot AnFfioE 1MK> 7.7:5 lti.29
r^n Diego O.W 4.0;« 1Q.C2
THE COAST RECORD.
3 £ k g - 7
* S" 3S £^ ¦£¦% 9
= = * = = -:- 2 „ «_
STATIONS. j J§ ;1 j?? £
? ¦ X I" T : i
B«k<r 2»>4 r.K 44 NW Rain
Carton 2»>4 f.2 42 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Kureka 23.92 60 &2 SW Cloudy .02
FrtKSO 2:*. 08 78 52 NW Rain .C4
t^.E. Fara".lon.2».as 58 &2 S Pt.Cldy .09
Ki<ug?taff 20.72 VH 42 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Pbcatetlo 29. 7« «2 44 NW Pt.Cldy Tr.
J'.iei«-ndence .2"J.0« 72 64 NW Clear .00*
Los Angles.. 30. 00 C* 54 W Clear .00
lit Tamalpaic. 30.00 47 42 S Foggy .02
North Head 4*
l*h<er.;x 29.76 »O 62 W Pt.Cldy .00
Point Reyes. .2i».iwi «» 49 SW Pt.Cldy .C2
Portland 29. *4 fS 42 N Clear .00
Red Bluff :».»« €2 48 fi Rain ,0J
Ros-eburg 23. SO 64 44 W Cloudy .00
:-acrarr.ento ..29.98 «2 50 S Pt.Cldy .04
Salt Lake 29. W 72.52 HE Cloudy .00
Francisco. 30. 04 «0 52 SW Pt.Cldy Tr.
ban L.Cbiypo.30.O4 C M ff Pt.Cldy .11
Sar Diego 2».»t> GO 5« NW Clear .©O
,-;,.rt!« 29.00 €2 'M £K Pt.Cldy .16
Pjxikane TJO.OO 4S 4i$ KB Cloudy .70
TatiKWh 28.UO 54 44 NE Cloudy .04
Wa:ia W-.!Ia.2».K2 «4 44 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Wtnnemucca .ifl.*iO 54 40 W Cloudy .00
Yurr.a 2i».7S *>S CO W Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
ClouOy weather prevails over the Pacific
Bit nc *-xcett in Southern California and Ari
lona. Light Fhower? fcave fallen eenerally
¦v north of tire Tthacfcapl.
fc. The prison, ha« risen west of the Rocky
except in Utah and Arizona. The
disturbance remains nearly stationary over
The temperature ha* fallen 10 degrees or
rm.re over Eastern California. Nevada and
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours «-ndlng micinlsht, April 16:
Northern California— Generally cloudy Fatur
<i«v, *ith light shower? : frefh westerly wind.
Southern California— Cloudy Saturday, with
thowers: lr»sh west wind.
Nevada — Shcwen Saturday.
S?su> KrancUco end vicinity— Partly cloudy
WltS occanonal light showtrt! Saturday; fresh
»-«*t wind. „
G. II. WILLSON'. Local Forecaster.
HOGS— Receipts to-day 16.000 head, to-mor
row 12.000 head; market mostly 5c lower; mixed
and butchers'. $5 10@5 25; good to .- chpice
heavy. $5 20&5 35: rough heavy, $5 05@5 20;
light, $4 S5@5 20; bulk of sales, $5 10@5 25.
SHEEP — Receipts, 5000 head; sheep and
lambs were steady; good . to choice wethers,
$4 75@5 65; fair to choice mixed, $3 5o@4 60:
Western sheep, $4 90@5 30: native Iambs, $1@
5 55; Western lambs, $575S5 85.
CHICAGO, April 15. — CATTLE — Receipts,
2000 head; market steady; good to prime steers,
$5@5 UO; poor to medium, $3 60©4 90; stockers
and feeders. $2 75@4 25: cows, $2@4 40;
heifers. $2 25(g5; canners, $2@2 50; bulls', $2#
4 10; calves, $2 25©4 85; Texas fed steers, $4@>
4 CO. _
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8®9c; Cows and Heifers,
7@Sc; thin Cows, 4$5c per lb. '•
CALVES — 164%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4%@5; Ewes. 4%@4%o
per.lb (gross weight).
LAMB— $2 75@3 per head.
HOGS — Live Hoes, 140 to 200 lbs, 5"4®Cc;
over \ 200 lbs, 5%©5%c; soft Hogs, 4%(g5%c:
Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars, 50 per cent off,
and Stags, 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 7%@Sc for Steers and 6%®7o per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 8%@9c; small, 8%@9%e per
poWnd*
MUTTON— Wethers, 9@10c; Ewes, 8%@i9%c
per lb. ,
LAMB— 12%@13c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 6%®9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Packers continue to complain that too many
small Hoes are coming in and say that they
look for a decline in such stock before long.
Other stock, live and dressed, remains un
changed. DRESSED MEATg _ .
Meat Market.
CHICAGO, April 15. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was easy;
creamery, 14@23c; dairy, 12%@21c. Eggs were
steady at 16%@16*4c. Cheese was weak I at
9@10%c.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, $1 50
@1 65 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks, $1 50@l 75
per ctl; River Reds. $1@1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Burbanks for seed, $1 25@1 50 per ctl;
Garnet ChlleB, $1 50® 1 60 per ctl; Early Rose,
$1 4001 50 per ctl; new Potatoes, 2@3c per lb.
ONIONS— Yellow, $2 50@2 75 per ctl for Ore
gon and $3@3 25 for Australian; Green Onions,
35©.">0c per box.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 6c per lb for
extra, 4%@5c for No. 1 and 3%@4c for No. 2;
Rhubarb, 35c(3$l per box: Green Peas, $1@1 50
per sack; String Beans. 15@17%c per Ib; Toma
toes, 75c@$l 25 per box or crate for Los An
geles and $1 50@l 75 for Mexican: Summer
Squash from Los Angeles, $1 25@1 50 pA- box;
Cabbage, >1 25 . pt-r ctl; Carrots. 50c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers, $1®1 50 per dozen;
Garlic, 15c per lb; Egg Plant, 20® L'5c per lb;
Dried Peppers, 5<38c per lb for Stockton and
10@12%c for southern; Dried Okra, 12%@15c
per lb; Green Peppers (Mexican), 20<@'25c per
lb; Marrowfat Squash, jobbing at l%@2c per
pound.
Asparagus was firmer under decreased re
ceipts and a steady demand for local use and
for shipping and canning account. " The can
ners were paying from 3%c to 5c per pound.
Peas and Rhubarb continued weak under heavy
receipts. Old lots of Peas were offering at
50@75c per sack. Most kinds* of Los Angeles
vegetables did better. New crop String Beans
from that section were offering and met with
prompt sale. Fifty, crates of Florida Toma
toes were received by express from Denver and
were offered at $3 per crate. A carload falls
due from Florida to-day.
Receipts of Potatoes were liberal, but the
market continued firm and higher prices were
exacted for river kinds by the few dealers who
controlled the market. Trade in Oregon Bur
banks was hampered by the non-arrival of the
manifests, which should have accompanied the
cargo brought by the last Oregon steamer, and
dealers w.jre at sea as to the ownership of the
various consignments. I Large orders for seed
Potatoes were at hand and all kinds ruled
firm. Onions were steady for fancy Oregon,
but 'Australians were weak. Receipts of new
Potatoes were 228 sacks and prices had a wider
range. " ,
Potatoes, Onions and . Vegetables.
A special meeting of the stockholders of th»
Mutual Electric Light Company has been call
ed for June 21, for the purpose of voting, on a
proposition to create a bonded indebtedness of
$400,000 in 5 per cent, thirty- year bonds, of
which $250,000 will be issued at once. The
remaining $150,000 will for the present remain
in the treasury of the company, with certain
restrictions regarding their issue. .
¦Bhe annual meetng of the stockholders of the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Company haa
been called for April 26.
ing session. The " leading feature was the
firmness in the gas stocks, and Gas and Elec
tric advanced to $62 and Mutual Electric t»
$12. There was a. sale of Central Light and
Power at $3 75.' •
The oil stocks also showed somewhat more
movement. The mining stock* were quiet,
with an assessment of 25c levied *by the Con
California an* -Virginia -Company. --> . ¦
Ex- dividend, yesterday: Port Costa Water
Company, regular I monthly. 30c per ¦ sharey
amounting to $1500; Bank of California, regu
lar quarterly, $4 per share, amounting to $120,-
OCO; California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany regular- quarterly, $1 50 per share,
amounting to $15,000; Presidio Street Railroad
Company regular monthly, 20c per ' ahare,
amounting to $3000: the Four Oil Company, a
dividend of lc per share, amounting to $3000;
the General Electric Company, a regular quar
terly dividend of $2; the California SchuetzeB
Club Park and Building Association, a divi
dend of 23c; the American Shipbuilding Com
pany, a regular quarterly dividend of 1% per
cent on the preferred stock; the Western
Union Telegraph Company, a regular quarterly
dividend of 1% per cent; the Bell Telephone
Company of Philadelphia, a regular quarterly
dividend of 1% per cent; the American Woolen
Company, a quarterly dividend of 1% per cent
on the preferred stock, making a total of $35
per share thus far disbursed to the preferred
stockholders the aggregate amount being $7.-
OOO.OOO. > '
CHICAGO. April 15.— Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour was extremely dull and
quotable 10c , lower for all grades except sof^
winter, which are 10c higher; No. 2 spring
wheat, 90#97e; No. 3, 85@96c; No. 2 red. 95%
<ff90c; No. 2 corn. 52%@$3%c; No. *2 yellow,
52%©53; No. 2 oats, 38%@38%c: No.* 3 white,
41(&42%c; No. 2 rye, U9®70c; good feeding bar
ley, 32©3tic; fair to choice 44@55c;
No. 1 flaxsecd. 51 OS; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 16; .prime timothy-seed, $2 85; mess pork,
per bbl.. $12 12%^12 25; lard, per 100 lbs.,
$0 55<gU 57%; short ribs sides (loose), $6 25®
6 37%: short clear sides (boxed), $9 50'ptJ 75 r
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 28; clover,
contract grade, $10 75. ¦ v
Articles — Receipts.™ Shipments.
Flour, barrels 22,300 23.000
Wheat, bushels 19,000 84,800
Corn, bushels 123,200 45.700
Oats, bUFhels 127,600 109,000
Rye. bushels 5.000 50,000
Barley, bushels 09,500 33,100
Cash Grain and Provisions.
The Bean market continues quiet and the sit
uation remains as befott) stated. Rains in the
south are needed to insure a crop there, and
growers of Llmas, Small White and Blackeye
continue to hold firmly.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 35@2 50: Pea. $3@3 25:
Butters. $3 50©3 75; email White, $3@3 10;
large Whlte.N $2 65®2 73; Pink, $3 30@3 50;
Red. $4 50; Lima, JM 20©3 30; Red Kidneys,
$4 50(§5; Blackeye, $2 15@2 25 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2@2 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $3 75®4; Yellow
Mustard. $3@3 25; Flax. $1 S0@l 90: Canary.
5%S5%c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14%@16c; Rape.
l%#2c; Timothy. 6@6%c; Hemp. 3%@4c per
lb; Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20@21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $3 per ctl: Niles.
$3 25; Green. $3@3 25.
Beans and Seeds.
Hides continue quiet and the local tanners
report Leather very dull and unsatisfactory in
the East. There is nothing whatever new In
Hops. . A locaj house says of Wool : "The local
Wool market continues without interest. The
few buyers here are taking things coolly and
do not seem to care whether they do business
or not. Scourers complain that they cannot get
orders and therefore are buying sparingly. As
a matter of fact, there is only one scouring
concern here that operates with any degree of
liberality and for the time being even this firm
lacks the courage to purchase freely even of
cheap Wool, and no doubt California Wools
are cheap at the present time. Shearing In th»
San Joaquinis pretty well over and the W00I3
as a rule are very defective. Only a small
share has been placed^ with scourers and ship
pers. In the Sacramento and Red Bluff regions
shearing has just commenced, and .within a
week cr ten days considerable country buying
will be in progress. Quotations continue purely
nominal."
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%c: medium. 8%c; light, 7%c; Cow
Hides 8c for heavy and 7%c for light; Stags.
6c- ; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hides, 15®16c; dry Kip, 13c; dry
Calf' 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25*£30c each;
short Wool. 40®65c each; medium, 70<g9Oc: long
Wcol, $1@1 50; Horse Hides, salt, $2 75 for
large and $2@2 50 for medium, $1 25@1 73 for
small and SCc for Colts. Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium, $l@i 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, Sic; dry Salted Mexican, 25c; dry
Central American, 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras, 75c: large ' aad smooth, 50c; medium,
*V \LLOW— No. 1 rendered,' 4%®4%o per lb;
No. 2. 3%@4c; grease. 2%63c.
WOOL — Spring clip— San Joaquln and South
em. 12 months'. 9@llc; do 7 months', S@10c
Pe HOPS— 24g27c per lb for California, 1903.
and 17%©20c for crop of 1904.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
NEW TORK. April 15.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear-
Ings at the principal cities lor the week ended
April 14. with the percentage of Increase and
decrease as compared with the correspondiujr
week last year: \
„. , Per Ct. Per Ct.
Cities — Amount. Inc. Dec.
New Tork $1,149,024,060 .... 10.7
Chicago .... 179,041,232 5.6
Borton 129.049.S77 6 2
Philadelphia 104,976,157 1.5
£L Louis 54.8o4.745 1.7
Pittsburg 24,776,727 ]2 2
San Francisco .. 27.800.165 • S.I
Baltimore 22,035,421 7.9 ....
Cincinnati 24,870,K>i> 10 4
Kansas City 21.971,6oo 1.5
New Orleans .... I£.ft37,2u& 17.6
Cleveland 15.250,032 11.3
Minneapolis .. .. 12,873,334 7.4
Detroit 9.713.4U7 ' 3.'2
Louisville 10.545,877 0.7
Omaha 7.604,329 8.0
Milwaukee 7.09S».S!>8 1.5
Providence 6,35x,10t) 13.1
Buffalo 5,63ti,729 3.9
Indianapolis .. .. 6,121,041 6.2
.St. Paul 5,630.257 6.1
Los Angeles 6,5>ST>,967 7.8 . ..
SU Joseph 4.538.035 15.0
Denver 4,136.834 10.0
Columbus 5.13!),(MH> 7.fi ....
Memphis 4,687.831 2S.3
Seattle 4,061,578 R.8 ....
Richmond 5.005,497 33.5 ....
Washington .. .. 4.1C4.B54 1.7
Savannah 2.59O.94S 11.6
Albany 3.7H8.026 13.9 ....
Portland. Ore ... 3.605.718 8.6
Fort Worth 3,912,980 27.5
Toledo. Ohio 3.409.655 5.4
Salt Lake City... 2.620,717 1.9
Peoria 2,370,71*0 9.1
Atlanta 3,138,875 10.1
Rochester .'. .... 2.554,777 13. S
Hartford 2,875.090 0.5
Nashville 2.6JW.656 7.0
Des Molnes 2,195,010 12.5
Spokane. Wash... 2,486,121 .... 0.3
Tacoma 1, 881.499 1.1
Grand Rapids ... 1.793.153 3.0
New Haven 2.825,009 33.0
Dayton 1,832.428 0.4
Norfolk 1,614,233 .... 8.1
Springfield, Mass. 1,660.710 .... 4.9
Worcester 1.039.825 .... 34.0
Portland. Me ... 1. 462.843 ....
Augusta, Ga 944.401 .... 17.6
Topeka 939,725 .... 23.1
Sioux City 1,025.765 81.7
Syracuse 1,178.916 14.8
Rvansville .. .'.. 1.318,010 1.1
Birmingham 1.219,206 14.2
Wilmington. Del. 1.0-.>0.:t97
Knoxville 1.229,212 10.5 ....
Davenport L218.C87 20.7
Little Rock 040,078 15.5
Wilkesbarre 911,502 25.6
Fall River 7S1.7S8 18.0
Macon 1,275,000 101.4
Wheeling. W. Va. 766.2S4
Wichita 1.029.450 17.4
Akron r.60.700 34.4
Chattanooga ..... 791. 6C8 l.t
Springfield. Ill . . 112,482 5.0
Kalamazoo, Mich. 905.3.12 30.9
Toungptown 621, C"2 2.«
Helena . 581.950 .... 2S.3
Lexington 857,728 45 .2
Fargo. N. D " 411.372 .5
New Bedford 57R.554 17.0
Canton. Ohio «85.000 21.2 ....
Jacksonville, Fla. 888,149 105.5
Lowfll 011.241 4.5
Chester. Pa 421.549 3S.0 ....
Grtensburg. Pa.. 398.0C2 .... 10.5
Rockford. Ill 474.804 .2
BinKhamton SOff.SOO 4.7
Springfield. Ohio. 437.0S4 8.6
Bloomlngton. 111.. 373.390 13.3
Qulncy. Ill 381.0M .... 1.5
Sioux Falle. S. D. 277.272
Mansfield.^, Ohio.. 10S.100 .... 19.5
Decatur. Ill 2.17.<;65
Jacksonville. 111.. I.«n.l34 6.2
Fremont. Nebr. . . 127.81R 7.3
•Houston 12.561.116 7.9
•Galveston 7.857,000 4.9
Charlerton. S. C. 1,067.102 8.7
Cedar Rapids 479,703
Totals. U. 6 $1,975,820,402 .... 6.5
Outside N. Y.. 826,796,342 .2
CANADA.
Montreal $20,333,444 41.2 ....
'Toronto 1C.581.8C8 [ 00.2 ....
Winnipeg 4,803,3.15 38.9 ....
Ottawa 2.193,088 43.1
Halifax l.(5SO,4ta 17.0 ....
Quebec 1.278.IW9 10.3 ....
Vancouver. B. C 1.318,105 31.0
Hamilton 1.107.5S5 23.5 ....
London. Ont... 003.829 34.5 ' ....
St. John, N. B O4G.O07 23.9
Victoria. B. C 770,078 173.6;
Totals, Canada $51.9S0,658 49.8
•Not Included in totals because containing
other Items than clearings.
Bank Clearings,
No further change in Feedstuffs is noted. Hay
is weaker again, though arrivals dropped oft
considerably yesterday, as will be seen. The
Government opened bids for 2382 tons for Ma
nila, but the award will not probably be an
nounced for several days. '
BRAN— |20i&:21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $1'5®2S per ton. •
SHORTS — $20®21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23 50@25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, ?29 50@31;
Jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake. $22@23; Corn
Meal, $30 50(&ol 50; Cracked Corn, $31@32;
Mixed Feed, $21@22; Horse Beans, $309
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $14@l(j; Wheat and Oat, $14®
15 50: Oat, $12@15; Barley, ,$12@14; Stock,
$11@13; Alfalfa, $10 SOffrS per ton.
STRAW— 50@75c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
J<*s*rrt A. Donoh^o ha* Vx'en oleoted rreFi>l»Tit
of the Penohoe-K*-:iy Banking Company, to till
th* vaca:i«.y oauwd by the d'ath of Adam
Grant. «"artain John Pfrmlnrhsni has been
elected to Mr. Donohoe's previous rofitinn of
rtca rresidf=nt and Jwrh D. Grant has l«»en
elected a director.
The Lemon Crop.
Report en I>rm;n crop by United ftate* Con
rul Crnwninshir-ld. Caftcllamare di Stabla,
Italy, F*h. 29. 1SIO4: 'The Ltmon croi' peeiiia
• fair ont: for quality. It remains on the trees
at pr»»Tit and •* net uraa!!y gathered until
?umm« > r time. As Lrnions here ripen much
later than tho»e of Sicily, producers in this
district cannot compile with other shippers of
fruit, and the growers therefore hold back the
crop for shipment later In the summer.
•'Probable rrice will be about from 10-12
rrsne* <f 1 «3«T2 Bfcji r»r box of 300-360 fruitp.
fr»* en bo*rd. This can be taken as an aver
apf rric* over the fat-on. The quantity ex
k ¦ orttd to the United States will probably be
M.009 bcxpi 1 . but this may pcsslbly be
increased. d"?pendin»r entirely upon the English
and Gorman markets. If theme latter are un
favorable much at the fruit destined for them
rrav 50 to the United States.
¦¦Regarding freight. User* ip no chanK'. but
the number of eteamers for the transportation
of rnilcrutla beirij: increased, a lower rate may
!-*> *xr* > cted in the n»tr future. Th* present
rate it- if <24c) per frox to New York, al
thoujrh there Is sometimes a rrbate allowed of
two or three pence In such cases, making
freight about 20c per box."
Banking Change
Adams Con ...... 2O'Llttle Chief ....; CO
Alice 18iOnt«rio.. 425
Brt*ce lOlOphlr 4 75
bruns Con -..^.. 0-lFhoenlx .......... *io
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS,
U F ref 2s reg.-105% |L & N unified is. 93%
Do coupon 1«5% Mao con gold 4e.lO2Ui
lio s g rtg 10« Mex Cent 4s «tt
Do coupon 107 Do 1st lnc 12\
Do new 4s reg. 132%! Minn & St L 4s.. 95%
Do coupon 133MiiM. K & Tex 4*.. V9*>.
Do old 4» rcg.l07%| Do 2d« 78
Do coupon 107%iMt of Mex con 4s 7.1%
Atch gen 4s 99%!N T C gen 3%s.. 9S%
Do adj 4s 91 IN J C cen 5s.. ..129%
Atlantic C L 4s. 93mNor Pac 4s 103%
Bal & Ohio 4s.. .100% Do 3s ; 72%
Do 3%b 04ii Nor & W Con 4s. U7%
Central of Ga 5s.lO9 OSL 4s & panic. 95
Do l*t inc 70%!Pa conv 3%s.... 07
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO2% Reading gen 4s... 97%
Chi & Alton 3»is. 76%|PL &. I M con .Is. 1 13
C B & Q new 4s. 9<ViiS L & S F tg 4s. 83
CM & SP b» 4s.lOS%:st Louis SW l«j. O3?4
C # & NW con 7s.l29«>|Seaboard A L 4s. «9%
C, R I APac 4s. 71 %t 80 Pacific 4s..... 89%
Do col 5« 79%ISo Railway 5a. ..113%
CCC & SL«n 4s.lO0%)Tex & Pac 1st*. .118
rhl' Term 4s 80 <T. St L & W 4s. f59W
Cons Tobacco 4s. 5S% I Union Pacific 48..104
Colo & So «4s.... S3%| Do conv 4s.... 09%
clo F & I '- ICS Steel 2d 5s.. 78%'
Den & Rio <3 **. 8S%J^ abash l«s ....117
Erie Prior Hen 4«. »<*%{ TX>~ deb B ..... <B%
Do gen 4s W,% W & L Erie 4s.. K>
¦" W ADC lstf.lO5%!\\is Cent 4s...... 83%
Hock Val 4%s..l00 |.
NEW TORK BONDS.
employed in this market should b# materially
reduced. H is a dangerous thing for a market
like that of Iiondon to be dependent to so
great an extent an It has been for four or
five ypart! upon foreign moneys, which might
hr.v e to be withdrawn at the most inconvenient
time."
London is plainly able to command gold i.i
New York at present for repayments in Paris..
The market closed inert and with insignificant
net chances in the ceneralJist.
Bonds were Irregular. There was a sharp
advance In the Central of Georgia minor issues.
Total sales, par value. $2,030,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 17,600 1X% 73 73%
Atehison pfd 500 OS** *W% 93%
Baltimore & Ohio. 10.100 79T« 7fl% 79\
Halt & Ohio pfd 90
Canadian Pacific... 10u 116% 116*, 116%
Central of N J 157
Chesapeake & Ohio S00 22% 32% 32%
«'hicagro & Alton 37 %
Chl«& Alton pfd S0%
Chi & Gt Western. 200 16»« 16% 16*»
Chi & N W 500 170 170 170
Chi M & Bt P.... 6,800 145% 144% 143%
Chi M & St P t .fd i 175
Chi Term & Trans 9
Chi T & T pfd 18%
C C C & St L 75
Colorado Southern 17
Colo So ltt pM 54
Colo So 2d pfd 100 24 24 23%
Delaware & Hudson 200 154 154 153%
Del L*ck & West 270
Denver* Rio G 21%
Denver & R G pfd 71 Vh
Erie 32,700 27% 26% 27%
Erie lrt pfd....... 1.600 €5% 4 64% 05%
Erie .2d pfd 500 42% 41\ 42%
Hocking Valley 70
Hocking Val pfd... 100 80% 80% '80%
IlHnoi* Central SOO 130% 130% 130%
Iowa Central 18%
Iowa Central pfd 35
Kansas City So is%
Kan^aF City So pfd 1 35*4
Louisville & Nash. 'M»i 108% 10S»4 10S%
Manhattan L l.tioO 142% 142 142
Met Securities 1,000 79 7S 78
Met Ft Ry 1.7U0 113% 113 113
Minn & St Louis 47
M St P & K Ste M 300 61% 61% 61%
M S P & S S M pfd 117
Sloesourl Pacific... 6,1<X) 113% 02% 03%
Missouri K & T.. 400 17% 17% 17
Mo K & T pfd 200 33% 39% 35%
Nat RK of Mex pfd 38%
New York Central. 1.100 117 116% 116^4
Norfolk & Western 900 r.S% 57U 57%
Norfolk & W pfd.. 100 68% 85% 88
Ontario & Western 2,000 21% 21% 21%
Pennsylvania 46,5<K> 11S>% 117% IIS
Pitts C C & St L 61
Reading 6.500 45% 44% 45
Reading lt=t pfd 7S%
Reading 2d pfd 200 65% C5% 65
Rock Island Co 4,000 23% 23% 23%
Rock Island Co pfd 400 C3% C3% 63%
St L & S F 2d pfd 300 47% 47 47
St L Southwestern 14
St L S W pfd 1,400 88% 34% 35%
Southern Pacific 7.600 43% 49% 49%
Southern Railway.. 1.1U0 21% 21% 21 v»
Southern Ry pfd 84 %
Texas & Pacific... 500 24% 24% 24%
Toledo St L & W. 100 25 7 * 25% 25%
T St L & W pfd.. 200 37% 37% 37%
Union Pacific 21,800 86% 85% 85%
Union Pacific pfd. COO 92% 92 92%
Wabaeh 1.500 19%- 18% 18'4
Waba«h pfd 18,1000 39% 3S% 37%
Wheeling and L E 1"
Wisconsin Central. 300 1R% ]R% lRii
Wi» Cent pfd 200 41 40% 40%
Express Companies —
Adams 224
American , .... 1&5
United States 107
Wells- Fargo ....: 2U3
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 15.900 49% 4S% 49%
Am Car & F 19% *
Am Car & F pfd 71
Am Cotton Oil 2&K
Am Cotton Oil pfd. 100 90 90 * 1*S
Am Ice 100 714 7% 7
Am Ice pfd 100 28 2S 27%
Am Linseed Oil s%.
Am Linseed Oil pfd 28
Am Locomotive.... 200 21 21 21
Am Loco pfd 100 82*4 £2% 82
Am Smelt & Rfg.. 700 48 48 ' 48
Am S & R pfd j»2%
Am Sugar Rfg 2,900 127% 126*4 127%
Anaconda Mtn Co. 300 74 72 74
Brooklyn R T 12,500 46% 45% 40%
Colorado F «c Iron. 400 31% 31% 31
Consolidated Gas.. 11,100 203% 200 ' 203%
Corn Products 100 13% .13% J3%
Corn Products pfd 70%
DlPtillers 1 Secur 100 22% 22% 22%
General Electric .- i(u
Inter Paper 100 11 11 n
Inter Paper pfd . . SOO C7 66% 08
Inter Pump 100 38 33 38%
Inter Pump pfd 75
National • Lead 700 1R% lfi% is%
North American... 200 8-1% S3 8314
Pacific Mall 300 27 26 26%
People's Gas COO 96% 96% 9<i%
Pressed Steel Car 29 '
Pressed Stee! C pfd 7%
Pullman Palace Car 208
Republic Steel 100 7% 7% 7%
Republic Steel pfd. 200 46% - 46 46%
Rubber Goods....... 5.100 1R% 14% 15%
Rubber Goods pfd.. 700 78 76% 76%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 2.100 38% 38% 3S'i
U R Leather 200 7% 7 7
U S Leather pfd... , 1.000 79% 79 79
U S Realty 700 7 «ri 6%
U S Realty pfd 200 B3 B5 54%
tT S Rubber 500 13% 13% 12U
U P Rubber pfd... 300 68 57 66%
TT S Steel 2.100 11% 11% 11%
U S Steel prd 17,500 00% 60% 60%
Wettlnghouse Elec. 160
Western Union 88%
Nor Securities... »S%
Total sales 288.000
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
! NEW rORK. April 15. — No bond trans
j actions to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANT.
Common— Bid, 4; asked, 4%. Preferred — Bid,
I 3.V-;; askeu, BSfj.
Provisions.
All descriptions continue dull and unchanged.
Stocks are ample for all needs both here and
at the packing points.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 10%e per lb* for
heavy, lie for light medium. 13c for light.
14V.C for extra light and 15ffl6c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12%c; Cali
fornia Hams. 11%@12%c; Mess Beef, $10 5O@
11 per bbl: extra Mess, $11 50@12; Family.
$12 50@13; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear,
$24: Mess. $18; Dry Salted Pork, 10%c: Pig
Pork, $27; Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked Beef, I4c
LARD — Tierces Quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9%c; 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins,
10c. .
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, 9%c; three
half barrels, 9c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
89ic: live tierces. 8*gc per lb.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2HSJ2H per cent, and for three
months' bills Is 2 9-16(32% per cent.
Cons money KS 1-lfl'N Y Central 120
Do acct SS 7-16jNor & WesternO 50%
Anaconda 3*4 1 Do pfd 80
Atehison 75% Ont & Western.. 22
Do pfd 9tH; Pennsylvania 6OT4
Bal A- Ohio Sl%!Rand Mines 10%
Can Pacific IlomReading 23
Ches & Ohio 33141 IV) 1st pfd 40%
Chi Great West.. 17 | Do 2d pfd 33
Chi. Mil & St P..14S So Railway 22U
De Beers 19%! Do pfd R7
Den & Rio G 22KiSo Taclflc M>%
Do pfd 73% I Union Pacific 88
Frie 27 Do pfd 95
Do 1st pfd «V??jijU s pt<?e ! H^i
Do 2d pfd 43 ( Do pfd 60%
111 Central 134 IWabash 19Vi
Loul* & Nash... 111%| Do pfd 39U
M. K & Texas... 18 (Spanish 4s £2 "
Bar silver, uncertain. 24 7-4t*d per ounce.
Money. 304 per cent.
London Closing Stocks.
. FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 809
B 10, J usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $t 70@5;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 S5@4 25
per bbl. I ' . -
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 50 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 50; Rye Meal, $3 25; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $3 50; extra cream do, $4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $4;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75;
Rolled Oats, bbls. $7 25@8 60; In sacks, $6 75@
8 10; Pearl Barley, $t>; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CHICAGO, April 15. — Unofficial figures fore
casting an Increase Instead of a decrease in
the acreage of spring wheat caused weakness
In the wheat market to-day. At the close the
July option Hhowed a loss of %@%c from yes
terday's final quotations. Corn is down - %c;
oata are off 54 Cj and provisions 5c to 12 %c.
Small receiots and prediction of freezing
weather in Kansas had a strengthening Influ
ence on wheat prices at the opening to-day,
July being up a shade to M@Y*c, at 87%@
S7%c. Crop damage reports were- again in
evidence. In addition the information came
from the Northwest in regard to seeding .was
Ptlll bullish. Th«? pit crowd was In humor to
listen to that kind of news. -and mattters of an
opj»<?ite character were given scant attention
until after many of the bulls had bought what
whrat they could carry. That was done easily,
for there were few / orders from outside
traders. In the meantime the market 'had de
.veloped added firmn<*ss, the July delivery hav
ing- worked up to 87Vic. • Toward the middle of
the session sentiment suddenly veered and the
market weakened rapidly. "The tauss of the
pronounced chance In sentiment was the an
nouncement that acreage in the' Northwest
would probably show a small Increase, not
withstanding an expected decrease. Several
of tjie larger commission houses had long wheat
for sale, and thPre was also some selling for
short account. The market lacked any influ
ential suDDort and continued weak until the
cloce. I After selling off to fctf%c, July closed at
87c. . .,¦
The most Important feature in ' trading in
corn was the selling of May . by the principal
holder, and a consequent decline of nearly 2
cents in the Drice of that delivery. The clos
ing was weak and near the low point. July
closed unchanged to %c lower, at 50c; May
was at 52Vic.
Oats showed considerable strength in the
face of the weakness in wheat and corn. July
clostd at 3S@3s^c.
Pit traders sold crovWons In >a small way
on the weakness in corn, which- resultefl In
small declines throughout the list. July pork
closed 12%c lower; lard, was off 5e, and ribs
werp off 7%c.
The leading futures ranared as follows:'
Article* — • Open. ¦;-. High. Low. Close.
Wht-at No. 2 — ,
May M%V .94 ' 02% 92V
July, old 89 U -. *!)%' ¦ 8.8H 88%
July, new SS ,«- 8$U fiftt* 87
September, old. 84% 84% 83% 83%
September, new $3',4 -"83% 82% 82%
Corn No. 2— «¦' • • * '
May 53% M% 51^ 5214
July... 51 5Ui 49% 50
September 50 50*4 49% 4915
Oats No. 2 — ' ' 1
May 3S\(, ZX\ 3S 38%
July 38 38% 37% 3«3
September 32% 32% £ 32% '32%
Mess Pork, per bbl. — • ¦'.¦¦
May 12 2ft 12 27% 12 17% 12 17%
July 12 45 12 47% 12 85 12 37%.
Lard, per 100 lbs.— .
May 6 CO 6 65 G 57% 6 57%
July b t!7% 6 80 6 75 6 75
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs. —
May 6 37% 6 42% 6 37% 6 37%
July 0 55 6 50 6 50 6 52%
Future Grain and Provisions.
FRUITS— Apricots. 8%Q10%c lot Royals and
9(3l2c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4^4@
6c; .- * sun-dried, - 3@4%c; * Peaches, 5,%@7%c:
Pears, 8©ll%c; Nectarines, nominal; Figs,
white. 3«4c^in boxes; black, 4&c; Plums,
pitted, 6<37%c per lb.
PRUNESS-^1903 crop. 2Vi@2%c for the four
sizes. - :•
RAISINS— The Association quotes the follow
ing prices: Standard grades, 50-lb cases — 2
crown Loose Muscatels, 5%c P«r lb;
3-crown, 5%c; 4-crown. 6%c; Seedless Loose
Muscatels. 4 Seedless floated. 4%c; 2-crown
Malaga loose, 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached, 4%c; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached, 5%e. Layers, per 20
lb'box — 6-crown Imperial clusters, $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters, 52 50; 4-crown fancy clusters.
$2; 3-crown London Layers, $1 35; 2-crown
London Layers, $1 25; usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy 16-oz
cartons, pt-r lb, 7%c; fancy 12-oz cartons, per
package, t>»4c; fancy bulk cartons, per lb, 7%c:
choice 16-oz cartons, per lb. 7%c; choice 12-ox
carton*, per package, CVic; choice bulk-car
tons, Der lb. 7^ic; 16-oz cartons, seeded Seed
lings, Muscatels, per lb. 7c; 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb, o%c; bulk,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb, 6^4 c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 13%@14c;
No. 2. ll%@12c; No. 1 hardshell, 13®13%c;
No. 2. ll@ll%c; Almonds, ll%c for Nonpa
reils. ll%c for I XL, lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9iic for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for
Eastern; Pecans. ll©13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY — Comb, 10@ll%c for white and 8%
@9V.c for amber; water white extracted. 5@
5Mc"; light amber extracted, -%@4?4o; dark.
3V-@4c.
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb.
Dried Frit its, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
NEW YORK, April 15.— The cotton market
closed steady, unchanged to 1 point higher.
* ¦ 5—- *
I Chicago Board of Tradfe. |
New York Cotton Market:
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS. *
WaU-Strcct Stocks quiet and not materially changed.
¦ Local Stocks and Bonds rather more active.
Silver continues to decline. Exchange unchanged.
Bad reports still coining in from the Western Wheat be.t.
Local market for shipping Wheat lower and zi'cak.
Cash Barley higher, but futures unchanged.
Oats. Corn and Rye firmly held at previous prices.
Hay still iirakcr. Government opens bids for Manil supplies.
Bran and Middlings firm, with light offerings.
\'o further change in Beans and Seeds.
Gutter, Cheese and Eggs as previously quoted.
Provisions dull and zceak here and in the ll'cst.
Wool beginning to move again in the interior.
Hides qii .*, with the Eastern Leather market dull.
Small Hogs weak and coming in too freely.
Potatoes firm, with higher prices for rivers.
Onions zpeak at a slight decline.
Asparagus firm, with canncrs cleaning up the market
Carload of Florida Tornatoes due to-day.
Poultry and Game in good demand and firm.
Oranges. Lemons and Limes quiet.
Money — |U S Steel 11*4
Call loans 2>4«?.1%| Do rfd :.. <«H4
Time loans . . .3%@4%!\Ye6ting Common. 7U
Bonds— I Mining —
Atchison 4s 99U Adventure 2
Do adj 4s 90% Allouez 4?;
Mex Cent 4s C5 Amal Copper .... 40
Railroads— Amer Zinc 10-%
Atchison 73% Atlantic 7?i
Do pfd 03 jblngham 22 V»
Boston & Albany.249 ICalumet & Hecla.4G7
Boston & Malr.e.167 Centennial 13=i
liostcn Eiev 140 Popper Range .... 42
Fltchburg pfd.... 140 Daly West 21 %
Mex Central 7',4 Dom Coal 61%
N Y. N H & H..189 Franklin 7%
Pere Marquette.. 74 Grancy 3Vi
X-nlon Pacific SO h.«ie Royale 7
Miscellaneous— |MaM Mining -4
Amer Arge Chem. 12%| Michigan 5
Do pfd 71 (Mohawk ..... 41»£
Amer Pneu Tube. 4%|Mont Coal & Coke 2'
Amer Sugar . . . .127«.ijOld Dominion 12
Do pfd 125i4|osceola 57%
Amer Tel & TeI.12« (Parrot 23%
Amer Woolen ... 10%|Quincy 85
Do pfd 75 Shannon 8%
Dom Iron A S... 0% Tamarack. S»5
Ed tlect Ilium.. 234% Trinity 4
Gen Electric 164 Ju S Mining 20%
Mass Electric... 20 TJ S Oil $>%
Do pfd 74%|Utah 3-tV t
Maps Gas 40 | Victoria 3Vi
United Fruit 90%|Wlnona ......... 6
Un Shoe Mach... 48 Wolverine 72
Do pfd 2SM
Boston Stocks ami Bonds.
Com Tunnel 09!Potosl IS
Con Cal & Va.. 1 60j Savage 42
Horn Silver 1 2S|Sierra Nev : . «4
Iron Silver 1 TOLSmall Hopes 15
Lt-adville Con 02| Standard 2 05
VEGETABLES—
Asparagus, lb... 6^1 0| Mushrooms. lb...3C#6O
Artichokes, doz. 30^751 Onions per lb... — y> 5.
Beets, dozen 10® — lOkra dried lb...20® —
Beans white, lb. 5^— | Potatoes, old, lb.2@2%
Colored per lb. S@—\ Do new. lb 3%@ 4
Dried Lima, lb..— @ 6| Parsnips, per dz.15320
Cabbage, each... 5©10! Radishes, dz bch-15@2O
Celery, head ... 5@10| Rhubarb, lb .... 3® 5
Cress, dz bunch.15® — I Sage dx. bncnes.25@ —
Cucumbers. each.l0@20; String Beans, lb.—^25
Garlic : 15@20l Summer Squash.
Green Peppers,lb.25^30| per lb 12%«15
Dried Peppers... 10©20i Spinach, per lb..— 9 «
Egg Plant, lb...— @40, Thyme, dz bnchs.25^»3O
Green Peas, lb.. 3@ 5JTtirnips. .per doz. — ®15
Lettuce, per doz.l5®30| Tomatoes, lb ..12%S20
Leeks. , dz bunch.l5S20|
FISH—
Barracouta — ®15lRockeod — 615
Carp 10@12% Sea Bass — «15.
Catfish —^12U Smelts —©15
Codfish — ©12% Soles 10@13
FJounders 1C®— | Skates, each lOfiU
Halibut 15®— JSquid — ©—
Herring 8S10'Tomcod 12%<9 —
Mackerel — & — Turbot 20® —
Do horse 15@— Trout — «60
Rockfish — <S12% Brook Trout 75®«0
Salmon, fresh ..15@20 Whiteflsh 10Q—
Do smoked ...15@25 Clams, gallon ...€0@ —
Sardines 10^— Do hardshell, lb 8« 10
Shrimps — 610 Crawfish — 9 — '•
Shad 1C@ — Crabs each 15S25
Striped Bass ...12®20 Mussels, lb 12%«15
Perch 100 — Oysters Cal. I00.4o«i50
Fcmpino — © — Do Eastern. dz.3O@IO
MEATS. PER POUND—
Bacon 18@25 Pork Sausage. .12%<?|15
Hams 1601S Smoked Beef —620
Lard 12%@—
The San Francisco Butchers* Protective
Association gives the following retail price*
for meats: [
Roast Beef 10©20fHlndqtr Lamb ..1S©2O
Tenderloin Steak.l5@18 Foreqtr Mutton.— ® 1'- u i
Portrhse- do.l7%©22% Leg Mutton ...—©12%
Sirloin Steak.. 12%©1.V Mutton Chops ...15©2t>
Round Steak. ..10©12%| Mutton Stew 7£J 8
Beef Stew — @10 Roast Veal 12g2u
Corn Beef 8@10(Veal Cutlets 15@2O
Soup Bones 4© — jveal Stew ....12%@1"".
Soup Meat 5@10 Roast Pork ....12%t?lS
Lamb Chops ,..—^20 Pork Chops ..*... 13@tS
Eoreqtr Lamb.l2%@15
POULTRY AND GAME —
Hen*. , large. ea.75c@$l|Plgeoaa. pair — — @3<>
Do small 5Ofc-60j Squabs, per palr.«0®70
Young Roosters. (Rabbits, each ...20©25
each 75c@$l|Hare. each — ©2i>
Old Roosters. ea.50@65! English Snipe. dz.$4 50
Fryers, each 65eS0|Jack Snipe, doz. $2 6O
Broilers, each ..30©50[Gray Geese. each.40@5»
Turkeys per lb.25@27| White Geese. ea>15@25
Ducks, each ...75ce*Ii Brant, each ....20^10
Geese, each..— (5*1 .1O( Honkers, each ..4O&03
Goslings ....—©$2 60!
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alllgtr Pears, ea.20@35] Limes, doz 10-§15
Almonds 15@20J Lemon*, doa : 15030
Apples i><a 8 : Oranges, choice, dz25Q5O
Cranberries- qt.. — ©25 Do common 15@2O
Pecans .» — @20 Pineapples. e»eh.25«5O
Brazil Nuts ....2O3— Raisins. Ib i....l0@l3
Bananas doz . .25@40i Strawberries.
Chestnuts 15@20| per basket ....20g25
Cocoanuts. each. — @10) Tangerines, doz.. 15^20
Dried Figs. lb.. ftaio: Walnuts, per lb.l5®2O
Grape Fruit. dz.75c@$l|
Butter, Cheese and Eggs stand 'exactly the
same as quoted last . week and all three
products are in good supply.
Beef and Mutton are becoming more plenti
ful and prices are gradually declining at
wholesale, but retail rates show little change.
Most ¦ kinds of Fish. Poultry and Game are
still selling at the familiar quotations.
Asparagus. Rhubarb . and Peas are abun
dant and cheap, while most kinds of Summer
Vegetables from the southern part of the State
are In limited supply and dear. Sweet Pota
toes have disappeared and they . are dropped
from the Hat. There is very : little change In
Fruits. Strawberries are coming forward
rather freely, but prices are still beyond th»
purse of the 'average buyer.
COA*L. PER TON—
Wellington .$— «10 00! New
Seattle $— # 8 501 Wellington $ — ®10 00
Roslyn $— 0 0 00( Wellington
Richmond ..$ — @ 9 601 Nut t— Q 8 00
Greta ;.$— Q 9 0O|Coos Bay $—©7 50
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter. cholce,sq.40©45iCheese. Swiss ..25C33
Do good — @35?Eggs. doz 20625
Do packed, Ib22% ©25 1 Honey, comb. lb,15®20
Cheese. ' Cal - ...".I0©15| Do extracted... 8©10
Cheese. Eastern.20©25| ,
abundance of inferior quality, which had a de
pressing effect on the sale of good fruit.- Yes
terday was shipping day for the Puget Sound
ports, but there was but little movement -in
that direction, as the -northern markets are
being supplied directly from the growing dis
tricts.: The auction sale was well attended,
but the prices obtained were low. as the offer
ings were chiefly of poor quality, and the man
agers of the auction company were not inclined
to bid up prices, so the fruit was allowed to
go for what it would bring-. ! Nine cars were
eold as follows: Fancy. $1 25@1 60; choice.
$1@1 50; standard, 50@90c. ¦ The other Citrus
fruits were firm at unchanged rates.
. A Consular report on the Italian Lemon crop
appears in the first column. 1 i
APPLES— $1S2 23 per box. , "•
• CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 50®
2 for fancy, $1@1 50 for choice, and 5Oc®*l
for standard; Tangerines, nominal: Lemons,
$2 BO@3 for fancy, $1 50@l 75 for choice and
$1@1 25 for standard; Grape Fruit, $1@2; Mex
ican»Limes, $1 50@5 per case: Bananas, $102
per bunch for Hawaiian and $1 50@2 25 for
Central American; Pineapples, $2@3 per dozen.
j Family Retail Market.
¦ Open. High. Low. Close.
May— No sales. '
December . ..$1 00% $1 01 $1 00% $1 00%
OATS — The market is featureless. Receipts
are small and offerings are not large, but buy
ers still hold off and trade Is dull. Holders
still demand full figures or no sale.
White $1 27%@1 37%;- Black. $1 23@1 30:
Red. $1 25@1 35; Gray. $1 32%@1 37% per ctl.
CORN— Previous prices rule, with a quiet
market • " • ¦
Western sacked, $1 35@1 40 for Yellow,
$1 32%@1 40 for White and $1 30@l 35 for
Mixed; California large yellow. $1 35@1 42%:
small round do. $1 00@l 55; White, $1 40@l 45
per ctl; Egyptian. $1 4G&1 50 for white and
$1 27%@1 30 for brown. • •
RYE— $1 30^1 32% per ctl. i'i
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75®2 per ctl.
2 p. m. Session,
Open. High. Low. Close.
May— No sales; $1 11V4 bid.
December ...?1 00% $1 00% ?1 00% $1 00%
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m,
Feed. $1 12%@1 15: Shipping and Brewing,
$1 17%@1 20; Chevalier.- $1 15@1 20 for. fair
to choice. . :
Open. High. Low. Close.
May — Xo sales. '. ¦-*¦..
December ...$1 32% ; *f33tf $132% H-33U
BARLEY — The market was dull and feature
less yesterday and quotations remained about
as before as far as futures were concerned, but
the cash jrrain was quoted a fraction higher,
with light offerings.
. - CASH BARLEY. .
FUTURES. •
' Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open." High. Low. Close.
May ..$1 33% $1 ;«%"$! 33 , fl 3.1
December ... 1 33% 1 33% 1 33 1 33
2 p. m. Session.
California Club, $1 37%«il 42%: California
White Australian, ' $1 4. %@1 57%; .Northern
Club, $1 36@1 40; Northern Bluestem, $1 47%@
1 05 per ctl, . ... -.¦¦>.*¦
CASH WHEAT.
which. has caused Wheat to give way a corre
sponding distance. Again, a lot of 7000 sacks
has been recently; thrown on; the market to
close out a holding, and as it sold below pre
vious quotations It- helped to depress the mar
ket. ¦- This factor Is now past and off _the
board*, but it left Its effect. - Milling keeps up
because it is scarce, there being none of any
consequence offering. • ¦ . ¦ •¦
There was nothing new In futures yesterday.
Lead was 1? 3d higher in London at £12 7s
6d, but remained unchanged here at $4 CO®
4 t5. •
Spelter was unchanged at $5 25<g5 30 In New
York and at £22 7s 6d in London.
Iron closed at 52s Od In Glasgow and at
44s 9d in Middlesboro. Locally iron was un
changed. No. 1 foundry Northern Is quoted at
$15 25@15 75; No. '2 foundry Northern, $14 750
15 25; No. 1 foundry Southern - and No. 1
foundry Southern soft, $14 25^14 75.
were £1 higher at £127 15s. Locally tin was a
little higher, closing at ?27 87^628 25.V .
Copper was also higher In London, advancing
5s to £58 -?s Od for Fpot and, 2s- Ud, to £57
17s Cd for futures. Locally .copper remained
unchanged. Lake is quoted at 113 25@13 t>2Vi:
electrclytic. $13 12Vi@13 25; casting, $12 S7%@
13 12%. • . ...
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SATURDAY, APRIL lO) ;190i:
•. There was rather * more doing on the Stock
and "Bond^ Exchange, especially,- on ' the . morn-
• Continued on Page Fourteen.
- NEW YORK, April 15. — There was a sharp
advance lit the London tin - market, spot clos
ing ¦ £1 2s }6d -higher at £128, while > futures
Hew York Metal Market.
STOCK MARKET.
About three -chests ¦ of Strawberries came In
from f Watsonville " and > Palo j Alto " and t three
crates were • received • from ¦ Los Angeles, i A : few
drawers of . Longworths sold at $1. but most of
the offerings sold ; at ; 75®9Oc. 'X Mallndas from
Watsonvllle ' cleaned up f readily ; .; at COc : r ; per
drawer - and the : Los ' Angeles - berries brought
25c ! per basket. ' ' '.' , ¦¦'.
- was t not !¦ much : movement • in . Oranges
during the; early trade,; as buyers were holding
off a waiting, the \ outcome of .the. fjuctlon .sale.
The market ¦ generally had '¦¦ an easy > tone owing
to : the I lack I of demand I for shipping- ' and I to I the
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15Black is 30 years old. He has served
eight years In Folsom for grand lar
ceny. He was released three months
ago.
When searched at the City Prison
four handkerchief masks, two revolv
ers, a tobacco .pouch filled -with car
tridges and. a large knife were found on
Black. The detectives assert that they
have positive evidence whereby they
will be enabled to connect Black with
the Mission robberies referred to. ,
In the . capture of Jack Black, alias
Tom Callahan, accomplished after a
desperate fight; in the presence of a
number of pedestrians on Eddy street,
between Powell and Mason, last night,
Detectives Freel and Bunner assert
that they have the ¦ footpad that has
been terrorizing* the Mission for the
past month.
The detectives attribute to Black the
serious wounding of Elhammon J.
Treese, who, , while in company with
Mrs. Alberta Butler, was held up on
the night 'of March 26 on Twenty-sec
ond street^ 'near Dolores. Treese at
tempted to thwart the purpose of the
highwayman, by striking him with his
umbrella, whereupon the bandit opened
fire, seriously, .wounding Treese.
It is also charged that Black was the
highwayman that raided Knox's gro
cery, 876-8 Valencia street, a few
evenings after the shooting of Treese
and that he was one of the two high
waymen that • engaged In a running
pistol battle with Policemen Walsh
and Skelly last Sunday night at Twen
ty-third and Dolores streets.
According to the story of the detec
tives, who have been working for some
time on the Mission hold-ups, the va
rious crimes were traced to the door
of Black,' who has been living at Twen
ty-second and Mission streets. The de
tectives -failed to catch Black at his
room, but after three days' work they
encountered him last night on Eddy
street.
When the officers attempted to place
the susoect under arrest Black drew a
revolver. Before he could make use of
the' weapon, however, the detectives
closed in on himf A desperate struggle
ensued, and Black was not 'subdued
until beaten almost into insensibility.
Bandit Charged With Re
cent Hold-TJps in Mission
and the Shooting of Treese
-BOBBER DEAWS PISTOL
Detectives Engage in Des
perate Encounter With Ex-
Convict on Eddy Street
TIKE FOOTPAD
AFTER BATTLE
Have You Played "Panic" Yet?
"Pit?" "BourseT 1 "Flinch T' .We have
all the new games and the rules for
playing them. Playing cards with new
hacks. Game Counters. Poker Chips.
Domlnoeg. Rules for "Five Hundred,"
nnd others. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741
Market st. ' v •...-.<' •
Struck by Locomotive.
John Lundin, who resides at Eighth
and Folsom streets, was struck by a
locomotive at Eighth and Bryant
streets yesterday and received a frac
ture of the skull and internal injuries
that will probably prove fatal. He was
removed to the Emergency Hospital.
IIACKMEN'S STRIKE STILL- OX.
Owners and Drivers Both Say That
They Won't Give In.
The hackmen's fight is on in earnest
and only the cabbies that own their
rigs were seen^ on the Btreets yester
day. The stable owners declare they,
will hold out for an Indefinite period
and will make the drivers come to
terms.
The drivers feel confident, however,
that they can win out and claim that
already they have, gained a victory
over the owners.
Several owners, they claim, have
come over to their side and they are
more than pleased with the situation.
At a funeral yesterday an owner was
seated on the hearse and the. hack
man requested him to give way to a
union man. A member of the family of
the deceased, himself a union man, re
fused to allow a non-union man to
drive . at the funeral and i after some
argument the owner declared his loyal
ty to the union and the funeral pro
ceeded.
The hackmen say they are still will
ing to furnish carriages for funerals,
Delia Smith Is Sentenced.
Delia Smith was sentenced last
night by Judge Lawlor to serve eight
een months in San Quentin prison for
grand larceny. She robbed asold!er
of a gold watch and chain in a Pa
cific-street dance hall.
The . overworked Eye. the faded Eye.
the red and Inflamed Eye, the . Eye that
needs care, relieved by Murine Eye
Remedy. No smarting. . •
Dies of Asphyxiation.
Frank Manning, who. turned on the
gag in a room at' 623 Folsom street on
the night of April 8, died at the City
and County hospital yesterday. ; .v\ ;
"As a man thlnketh. so Is he.". As a man
drinketh, so Is he. Drink Gilt Edge Whiskey and
you'll be good. Wlchman.. Lutgen & Co., S. F.*
"WANT PARTNERSHIP DISSOLVED.— W
A. * Hosklns and • his , wife Teckla, who with
Helen and Henry Kretgbaum conduct. the Hat
ton Hotel at- 077 PJne {street, yesterday filed
a cult for a dissolution of the- partnership
Quarrels over finances are the cause of the
action.' ¦¦¦"¦,'¦¦' ' - ' • • ••--¦ -
Los Cabin! "The bread with a flavor." Ask
your dealer-^-whoIesale— 000 Dolores «C , •
LEVY'S PETITION The peti
tion "of Louis Levy for partial distribution to
him of the $G0O,COO estate of the late Jullua
Friedman wag dl«mlff«ed without prejudice -by
Judge Kerrigan yesterday. Levy says he was
a neuhew of Friedman. , 1
. $100 Rupture Cure .for $10 by Hunter. 1208
Market' St. >' Send , for; circular.' ' * ' •
ATJLDS QUARREL ,OVER MONEY.— John
Auld and Mary Auld are husband and wife
Each claim .to be the owner of $700 deposited
in the Hibcrnla Bank In the name of Mrs.
Auld. " A «ult.to determine . the ownership was
pled yesterday in the Superior Court by Auld.
For ; a Cold ¦ on . {he 1 Lungs, '¦ and \ to ; prevent
Pneumonia, take PIso'b Cure. Druggists.' 23c*
Several pairs of plaster of parls
molds for the manufacture of counter
felt dollars have been seized by United
States Secret. Service. Agent Hazen
from the State penitentiary, at San
Quentin. They had been taken f ro*m
prisoners entering the penitentiary
several years previous and had been
lying in a desk of the office of the
prison ever since. Secret Service men
make it a rule under their instructions
to confiscate all counterfeiting tools
and apparatus and send them to head
quarters at Washington, D. C, where
they are destroyed. The San Quentin
molds, Mr. Hazen says, were of the
finest make.
Mr. Hazen has written to the War
den of the State penitentiary at Fol
som to . surrender some molds and
other counterfeiting tools now in the
prison curio collection. He does not
think It proper that the penitentiaries
should be. converted Into kindergar
tens for counterfeiters.
United States Secret Service - Agent
Hnzen Discovers Plaster Molds
and . Other Apparatus.
COUNTERFEITING TOOLS
IN THE PENITENTIARY.
This union -indorsed: the action of
General Vice President , Skemp ' In the
decision just rendered between the
Painters' Union arid '• the : element that
disputed his decision,^ known as the
Sheehan-Brundage". dispute. - - - *
An assessment of 25 cents was levied
upon all members .(for -'the benefit; of
the locked out ; unions I in Sacramento.
A smoker with; Joy-added in the shape
of refreshments ,; indulged . in' by
the .Wine and - Liquor ¦ Makers' Union
at Alcazar biilldlngj on .last .Thursday
evening. The: union reports Its 'condi
tion 'to be flourishing both in : member
ship, and .finance. The*: secretary re
ported'that there was on his "desk. thir
ty-six applications for' membership. ;
Fresh trouble has cropped out In Oak
land between the - Building . j Trades
Council ana the, District 1 Council of
Carpenters over: the discharge of some
union men. ' Unless this 'new difficulty
is adjusted there will ' be a renewal of
the fight that " his retarded building
industries in the city of oaks for a
long period.
Laborers' Protective Union No^ 8944
reports a rushing business in so far as
adding new names ; to the . membership
role. ' At the last meeting twenty-five
applicants were '; introduced and obli
gated and a like number had their ap-.
plications submitted" to"; investigating
committees. ,. .¦:'.' ; . • -,.¦'
TROUBLE IX -OAKLAND.
A communication was read from the
International Association of Carwork
ers of Chicago to the effect that they
are affiliated with the American Fed
eration of Labor. They state that the
international association has repeated
ly tried to form an affiliation with the
Brotherhood^ of Railway Carmen of
America, whose headquarters are in
Kansas, but that the Kansas associa
tion absolutely refuses to affiliate and
answers communications with the ut
most contempt.
An affiliation of the San Francisco
Sailors' Union with the Oregon State
Federation of Labor Is contemplated,
and D. W. Paul and J. V. Thompson
have been elected delegates (o repre
sent the SallonB* Union in the Northern
State. The ob'ject of the affiliation Is to
get more direct supervision over the
men whose work. calls them to travel
between here and the nqrth. It is hoped
that the affiliation will also bring about
more ' harmonious. , ; relations with the
headquarters in' this city.
> The conditional tie-up that has been
enforced by the engineers employed on
steam schooners has been called off
by an agreement; between the shipown
ers and their crews.
despite the statements of the under
takers to the contrary.
At the meeting of the San Francisco
Labor Council last' evening Delegate
Bowlan of the Hack Drivers' and
Teamsters' Union took the floor, com
plaining thatf the executives of the
council had not treated his . union
squarely and that complaints from his
union were invariably ignored, while
complaints from other unions were al
ways looked into.
A heated argument arose and Bowlan
was ordered to sit down. A cry from
a hundred voices rang out "Sit Down,"
until the speaker's voice was drowned
by the din.
The chairman took a vote to ascer
tain how lone the speaker should ¦ be
allowed to hold the floor. He was given
three minutes, and- through necessity
sat down before his plaint was fully
voiced.
CONTEMPT FROM KANSAS.
Santa Barbara is actively preparing
to receive the delegates and enthusiasm
runs high. It is supposed that every
county in the State will be well repre
sented, as the matter to be launched is
of vital interest to every good Callfor
nian.
Mrs. John Morrisey, -wife of the pop
ular manager of the Orpheum. left for
an extended trip through the East last
Sunday. She' went direct to St. Louis,
•where she will be present at the open
ing of the World's Fair, and will visit
New York, Washington and other East
ern cities before her return. -T:
On Tuesday afternoon the Camino
Real convention will meet in Santa
Barbara ¦ to inaugurate an aggressive
campaign In California toward good
roads j and, primarily, for the recon
struction of the famous old highway
that ran from north to south through
the State— El Camino Real.
The railroads have offered a round
trip rate of one and one-third of the
regular one-way rate to delegates and
accompanying visitors, and the hotels
have made corresponding reductions.
Delegates should request a receipt upon
purchase of their railway tickets, upon
the presentation of which hotel rates
can be secured.
CAMINO REAL
CONVENTION •
RATE FIXED
In the afternoon President Cornelius
and W. J3. Mahon, president of the
Amalgamated . Association of Street
and Electric Railway Employes, who
is here to watch the developments in
the controversy, went into conference
and discussed the various phases of
the situation for ! nearly two hours.
Each refused to make anything pub-
He afterward, nor would either dis
cuss what had transpired at the con
ference held in the morning.
Whether the company will again
take under consideration the statement
i>sued by the union on Thursday even
ing is not known, but it was under
stood that the conference of yesterday
was the final meeting between the two
contending parties pending either a
backdown by one of them or a declara
tion of war by the carmen.
At the United Railroads offices it
v/as intimated that the reply of Man
ager Chapman to the statement issued
by the carmen was the final disposition
of the matter so far as the company
was concerned. The representatives of
the company firmly reiterate that the
United Railroads will not recede from
its stand, and that the final disposi
tion of the matters at issue, whether
by strike or concessions, remains with
the Carmen's Union.
While the general impression given
out after the conference was to the
effect .that the meeting had no direct
bearing upon the question of whether
the carmen would inaugurate a strike
there was no effort among the car
men other than the union officials to
conceal their' belief that a strike' was
but a auestion of days, and that the
conference of yesterday, instead of
having had an alleviating effect, served
merely to widen the existing breach
almost to the unbridgeable point.
President Cornelius and Secretary
Bowling arrived at the offices of Man
ager Chapman shortly before 10:30
o'clock yesterday morning, and the two
interests at once proceeded to the
points at issue. The session lasted un
til long after noon, and at Its conclu
sion it was announced both at the rail
road office and at the headquarters of
the union that there would be no state
ment during the day.
CONFER TWO HOURS.
"The conference," he replied, "was
merely for the purpose of determining
a few minor disputes. What was their
nature? I cannot discuss that."
"The United Railroads has agreed
to concede certain minor points which
we desired settled," said Secretary-
Bowling after the conference.
"There was nothing of a conclusive
nature arrived at," asserted the com
pany representatives.
"Was there any discussion of the
vital questions at Issue?" was asked
of Secretary Bowling.
MINOR DISPUTES.
President Cornelius and Secretary
Bowling, representing the carmen, and
Manager Chapman and President Hol
land of the United Railroads, met In
conference yesterday.
While no definite conclusions were
reached at the meeting, beyond a few
minor concessions made on each ' side
regarding questions that have no real
bearing on the crucial situation, it is
understood that the conference was a
failure In so far as is concerned any
agreement that might eventually lead
to a settlement of the points at issue
without recourse to a trial of strength
between the forces of labor and capi
tal.
The Santa Fe Company Is preparing
to carry out a threat, made many
months ago, to make Sacramento a
terminal point of one of the California
divisions of its rapidly expanding
western system. Within the last six
months Its agents have been quietly
at work along the waters at the Junc
tion of the Sacramento and San Joa
culn rivers and up the former, secur
ing rights of way and surveys between
Martinez and Davis, with the undoubtr
ed purpose of gvtting Into the capital
of the State. Not only has the com
pany secured a strip of land along the
bay shore between Martinez and An
tioch, but It has secured an option on
en Island opposite Cornwall, which its
engineers are now surveying, with a
Mew of eventually establishing a car
ferry service across the mouths of the
two rivers. This ferry will be oper
ated in connection with a line which
the company purposes building along
the high ground back of Sulsun, to
Sacramento by way of Elmlra, Dixon,
or a point near there, and Davis.
The rights of way have been secured
by a. man named Buchanan, employed
by the Santa Fe. and they about tie
up the whole front on the eouth side
of the bay and river between Mar
tinez and Antioch. The Southern Pa
cific Company now controls the land
along the north side of the river,
which is paralleled by Its road to Sac
ramento. In acquiring its new rights
the Santa Fe will parallel the Southern
Pacific through a territory which that
company has held against all com
petition for manjj years and by con
necting with Its valley division near
Antioch and operating several boats
along the river, as It has already ar
ranged to do, the Santa Fe will be on
an equal footing with its competitor to
demand its share of the vast amount
of products annually shipped cut of
the fertile Sacramento Valley.
The delegates were hospitably enter
tained at the manse at luncheon and
dinner by the Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Fisher.
The evening session was devoted to a
miscellaneous programme, beginning
with a praise service conducted by Mrs.
W.» J. Fisher. A recitation, "Child Life
in India," was given by Miss Myrtle
Kennedy of San Jose, and an address
on "Our Work Abroad — Mexico. Japan
and China," by Miss Aly M. Spencer.
Mis« Ina Jordan and Miss Mary Fisher
rendered the duet "Seek Ye the Lord"
(J. B. Roberts).
The election of a delegate to the
Woman's Missionary Convention, which
meets in Chicago May 12, resulted in the
unanimous choice of Mrs. B. F. Whit
temore of Mountain View, wife of the
Rev. B. F. Whittemore, stated clerk of
the presbytery and Pacific synod. Mrs.
W. J. Fisher was elected president of
the Woman's ' Presbyterial Missionary
Society; Mrs. E. J. Cooper, vice presi
dent; Mrs. F. P. Gray, corresponding
secretary and treasurer, and Mrs. I. G.
Kennedy, recording secretary.
At the close of the afternoon session
about 100 of those attending the delib
erations accompanied the Rev. W. J.
Fisher to the lots at Haight and Belve
dere streets, where the new Cumber-
In nd Presbyterian Church is to be
erected at a cost of $20,000.
LIVELY EVENING SESSION.
Frank M. Reed of Middletown. Cal.,
read an interesting paper on "The Prob
lems and Possibilities of the Christian
Endeavor Local Society."
Mrs. S. S. Phelps, president of the
Cumberland Presbyterian Chinese Mis
sion, presided at the afternoon deliber
ations, when Miss M. M. Crowder in
troduced several juvenile Chinese
wards from the Chinese mission, and
the Rev. J. P. Dixon delivered a ser
mon.
Rapt attention was given the read
ing of a paper by Miss Dell Hull of San
Jose on "The Enlargement of the
Christian Endeavor Society," in which
was treated the subjects of how and
why they should get new members and
the value and use of associated mem
bers.
HEAR
ABLE PAPERS.
Mrs. Gray said that there are many
Christian mothers who fail to train
their children in religion, and in some
cases there are mothers who lack Just
such training; hence the neglect in the
spiritual life of the child.
During the discussion of Christian
Endeavor the Rev. H. G. Culton. D. D.,
dwelt upon the probability of some
young r>eople concluding that the be
longing to the society meant "being in
it for a good time and for pleasure ex
cursions." If that was the thought, he
considered it a curse and heresy. Such
views, he thought, should be exposed
and placed in their proper light. To
those who had that idea he would say
that no one could come into the church
of Christ without coming up and out
of their sins. That was the object of
Christian Endeavor. L
Dr. Culton said further that "there
was a good time, but it was had in the
singing of praise and in the services
and in a sense of worthiness." He em
phasized his remarks by declaring that
the church is not a "social club."
FAIL TO TRAIN CHILDREN'.
The child of to-day, said Mrs. Whit
temore, must ultimately take up the
work which is now done by Its parents,
therefore she asked that mothers of
the community fit their children for the
religious responsibilities of life.
Women held sway at the third meet-
Ing of the annual gathering of the Cal
ifornia presbytery In Devlsadero Hall
yesterday.
One of the topics discussed was on
the "Junior Members of the Christian
Endeavor," "when Mrs. J. X. Crawford,
Mrs. Henderson, Mrs. J. H. Routte,
Mrs. L G. Kennedy, Mrs. W .J. Fisher.
Mrs. F. P. Gray, Mrs. Whittemore and
Mrs. Docker gave advice as to the
bringing up of children In the religious
life. It was agreed without exception
that home Is the place wherein the
child should receive Its first grounding
In all matters pertaining to church
work. v -~
Fortunately the car crossed Kearny
and Montgomery streets without ac
cident, and by that time the cars in
advance, h'aving been advised of the
danger behind them, availed, them
selves of the grade, cut loose from the
cable and began tobogganing toward
Jhe city front, tKereby increasing the
distance between themselves and the
Haight street car. . Meanwhile several
frightened women, aboard the runaway
car jumped from the platform of the
latter into the arms of willing rescuers
and a telephone message was sent to
the Valencia street engine house to
stop the cable, which was done Just as
the Haight-street car reached Main
street. There the grip was. released
from the v strand and the cable again
started, but unfortunately as the
snarled portion of the latter neared
the ferry it encountered car No. 262
of. the McAllister line and carrying it
forward dashed it into the rear part of
car 111 of the Castro street system.
In the collision the forward truck of
the McAllister street car was .-thrown
out of place and the rear platform of
the Castro street car was badly dam
aged. Again the engine house on Val
encia street was signaled to and th<*
cable was stopped until the wreckage
had been removed and the stray strand
cut from the cable. This work caused
a delay of nearly two hours, when
traffic was resumed on the various
branches of the cable system.
A snaggy strand in the Market street
cable played havoc with the passenger
traffic of the United Railroads late yes
terday afternoon and for a time put
the company out. of business.- At 5:20
o'clock, a Haight street car, traveling
eastward, picked up>a strand in the
cable opposite Fourth street and a sec
ond later the car was speeding toward
the Union depot at a lively clip. '¦
The gripman,, quickly '„ realizing his
predicament, shouted ( a warning to the
car. in advance of him to keep moving
and frantically endeavored to shake
his grip" loose from the obstruction.
The strand- had. however, firmly tight
ened Itself on v the grip and all efforts
to cast it off ¦ proved of no avail. As
the car proceeded >ln Its flight police
and pedestrians 'along the route pre
ceded it shouting to people to , keep
clear and between their cries arid the
clanging of the car bell many were
prompted to believe that the carmen's
strike was on and that a riot had de
veloped. -
Quietly Preparing to In
vade Rich Territory Long
Held by Southern Pacific
Missionary Society Chooses
Mrs. Whittemore to Attend
the' Convention in Chicago
While Union Claims Con
cession Railwaj' Avers It
Has Not Altered Stand
For Two jJours City's Great
Thoroughfare Is Blocked
and People Have to Walk
SECURES RIGHTS OF WAY
CRUCIAL TEST IS NEAR
TRAFFIC IS SUSPENDED
Santa Fe Is Planning to
Make the State Capital
Northern Terminal Point
ELECTS ITS OFFICERS
Women of the California
Presbytery Advise as to
a Child's Religious Life
Conference Between Carmen
and Company Officials
Does Not End Troubles
Defect in Calile Makes
Haight-Street Car a Dan
gerous'Runaway on Market
SOON TO BUILD
TO SACRAMENTO
MOTHER'S DUTY
TO OFFSPRING
BROKEN STRAND
CAUSES CRASH
NEITHER SIDE
MAKES A MOVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO; \CALLy SATURDAY, APRIL 16, 190*.
Professor Fairclough of the Leland
Stanford Jr. University gave an In
teresting: lecture last night before the
South Park Settlement Club. The
professor took for his subject "AncIen^A
Rome" and illustrated his talk with!
some 150 slides. A large audience
greeted the lecturer and showed . Its
appreciation by frequent applause.
lectures on Ancient Rome.
16
HALE'S. I HALES.
" 'it's Brushes'To-Day— All Extra Values.
Hair Brushes, Tooth Brushes
Cloth brushes, hat brushes, hand brushes.
. Solid wood back hand brushes will be 15c; usually. sold at 25c; even a
few with solid backs at "ioc. . 1::. _>.V . ¦' : ¦
¦ And cloth brushes, many styles, all with I /^ -j
solid wood backs, 50c, 75c and $i.oa
Many Kinds at 25c for a
Hair brushes, cloth brushes, curved hat _ . i^^,*:^
brushes, with black ebonoid backs, sterling sil- PropMyiaCUC
ver mountings. , Tooth Bl*USh -
««» But as unusu al as any are these REAL , . . n
BRISTLE HAIR BRUSHES, with solid /S
backs, 50c; either oak or polished wood backs. at all the little crevices
The keep-clean hair brushes that are and corners among the
finding such favor now among careful users teeth- "'^.f^,
are 50c and 75c. They have real bristles with o£e™ r r O n^ale now at
patent back set. in ebonoid handles.
Then there are a lot of special tooth J A-C
brushes at ioc and 15c, all with polished bone
handles, pure white bristles. ZZnZZZZT" 1 """ "" ~~~~" "
Women's Lisle Gloves Men's Golf Shirts
50c, 75c and $1.25.- The shirt for summer.
They're just . in—^welcome And especially these new
Saturday news.' style ones we'll show to-day.
These are the gloves that Some with, plaited fronts 'in
give the hand the dressy, sum- lace effects ; others are plain ;
mery.aif. entirely new styles ' in . madras
The 50c ones are in lisle with one and percales, shown first time
or two clasps; black, white, gray to-Hav
and mode. Regular sizes 5% to a j t. *» v * t ti
%y 3 . And what s best of all —
The- 75c ones are in suede lisle • V:.' The Price 50c
with two pearl clasps; mastique, instead of 7« which you would
l^iiS^IJ^ii p3f3g do thin,, in the or-"
fits like a suede, comes in shades dmai ? Way *
of mode, gray, black and white. V'
c —7; ;'^ Bed. Pillows $1.25
fUf* hor UUm Drops The price isn't unusual. It's the
VJV, Regular _price 25c lb. quality. Regular $1.75 pillows, 3%
Fresh sugar-coated ones, pounds; good, clean, soft feathers
vanilla or lemon flavor. and- lots of them; comfortable
Cnlifnmln rir,f» EV.,;* sleeping pillow, covered with fancy
Lahfomm Glace Fruit art ticking. There are just 40 of
35c BOX them. That's the reason they are
A full pound put up In a burnt wood $ r - 2 5- See how necessary it is to be
box, with different views of California quick,
missions burnt*on the cover.
HER LADYSHIP CORSET, the :£&> ffl
queen of corsets. Let her reign. She aSff , /&/&&*& <S^ &£*' T9bm3fc
will bring you corset freedom. Models Jfflf *~i^f^ ¦ —^^
for every figure. Prices for every purse. "^ ' i+mll?? 1 * OQO&2*-
• pVERY one of the four hundred vehicles in
our store is new since January 1st. The fire
last July took all the old ones. You will be in- .
terested in seeing the finest assortment of Car-
riages ever shown west of New York City. *
f, ommky
OF CAIilFORNlA.
Carriage RepairingProperly Done.
Market and Tenth Sts.
Catalogues Furnished
Vniir
Opportunity
China
Crockery
Glassware
Enamel Waro
High Grade
Ornaments
SO£OFF
It pays
to trade
at
Ireat American Importing Tea Oa
861 Market 210 Grant av«. 1419 Polk
140 Sixth 1819 Devlsadero 706 Larkm
475 llaleht S006 Sixteenth ZSi Hayes
32S5 Mission C21 Montg* ave. C2 Market
2008 Killmore 2516 Mission 14« Ninth
¦ II MM^IIIIMMI | g T n2 l ?4th 4W> F " UrTh
SATURDAY— MONDAY— TUESDAT.
BTTTTEE. PInert Mafio....3 iqnarei SI 1
BUTTER, Choice Table muars 30c
COrrEE. "Onr Special" 3 1d«. 50c
PEXTNES. Santa Clara* 8 Ibc 25c
CASTILE SOAP, Imported. .3 bars 35c
SAND SOAP. The Best 8 cakes iT.ic,
BAKING POWDER, Trophy.l-lTj. tin H.".*? 'A
PEACHES, SKIED, Fancy... 4 lba. Sue
CORN, Sweet and Tender. .... .can 10c
PLY PAPER, 50 sheets. . . .package :»."»c
CBEAM, Poppy Brand 3 cans 25c
C.O.D.CROCERYCO.,inc.
JOHN ROBINSON, President.
313 OTarrell St, Near Mason
. Telephone Poliom 316.
The greatest reproduction of ||
the greatest painting of a lion I
ever produced; size 43 inches rt
by 28 inches. |
Free to customers. To others fl
- ioc. By mail 15c. 7
CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor, V
721 Market 1
122 Kearny. ' . +.\
-A visit -DR. JORDAN'S great i
Ihoseoi of ahatohyI
V jgMJV^v 1 ?. mU1 - - »•»*»««« or tmy contracted A
i. RBhV d«uc pulllnlj raraH m tkf 1U01 r
" /gal 5 P« eUI> «"» tlk «CoiK. EstJ^anT^O
A flSP5 CH * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ ?^.7^(5 fre- and .tHetW pdnt-. \
V I I* ft H Tnt ™»« P«tioii»lly or br Inter. A A
\ 3 W Tl B *—**" CWr » to crexj «t>ea«<lert»lini. \
[ /)r/f I1A Wri;r for B»k. pnaavoray ,r A
V • j( . Ii'' Btatucii, mailf.d raax. (ay
X (i H, ntuabl* book lor mca) • \
V Oa. JOCDAN & CO.. 1051 MarkrtSt.S. F. V
¦*%2$^ DON'T RUIN
«Si>v YOUR EYES.
Are your glasses soothing - and restful? Do
they relieve jhe •train, blurring anu unng o£ ¦
the eyea? If not. use Geo. Mayerle"s Antlseptia
Kyejjlass Wlpera. ISc: 2 for 25c German Eye-
water makes weak eyea strong, aore eyes welU
Rests 'tired ' eyea. By mall 62c. GEO. MAT-
EKLE. . German Expert Optician, ' 1011' MAR«
KET STREET. S. y. .
MARKS BBOS.
INTRODUCTORY SALE
=T0-DAY 0F=
SUMMER
OUTING
SKIR TS
£§ vM Grass
SpS^'j ' . Linen
ip\'M% Shrtas
fuWpi^ Pictured
C/(J |^, .-..<\; Se//s
A* <b1 QZ LINEN WALKING SKIRT
Ml Ol.C/O --r/ared bottom. stylishly
trimmed with five rows of tailor stitch-
ing. A good $2. 75 value.^
M f din n't; stylish} duck skirt
Ml O A . £. %J —Hips and gores trim-
med with tailor stitched straps. Colors,
black and white and blue and white
dotted designs. A splendid $3.00 value,
1Q\c Ribbon ;5c. s t%'"t
bon, 3% inches wide, special to-day 5c
per yard. . '
50c Ribbon 250.^"^,
Satin . Taffeta Ribbon. 5 " inches wide,
special to-day 25c per yard.
25c Childrenls Dress
Hose, Special | f% p
To-day . . \_ . lull
25 'c ' Women's Lace
Hose, Special I Qn
to-day; .. . . lull
' ¦ Our Spring I Booklet i is no w t complete. \
: Send in your name' and address.
¦ Mail order: customers may take ad-
vantage of these special sales.
MRKStBROS.
The Home of Honest Values. :
1220~1222-1224~Marke< : SL : :
APVBBTISEMHRNTS.
LUNDSTROM HATS.
SFBXXTG BEAUTIES
Of surpassing grace. Gives but a :
faint description of the attractive .
qualities of our new Hats. All the
very latest Spring desiprns. Our Pop- *
ular Prices. «^.5<) and .S.*t.."iO
SEE OUR PEEWEE DERBY,
The Talk of the Town.
PACIFIC COAST HAT WORKS ;
1458 K&SKET STEEET,
Opp. Central Theater.
A2TD SOS EEACKT ST.
Cg In ord«*r to introdureour Qual- -
U lty Groceries we will send tonny L
Hi one family one order of our Spe- 5
Bj dai Combination for $8.85. We '*
K pay the express or freight. t
Pj 50 lh» r.n«\ white, dry Granu- +
B» lated fucar SI. 00 "t
VI IS lbs choice Table Ulc*. New h
fc* Louisiana 1.00 *J
ll 10-lb t»a!l i*ure Leaf Lard. Rex fj.,
W or Swift 1.03 •$¦
S 6-Jb box fin* English Brpakfart H
pS l"ncolnr«l or Oylon TVa. . . . 2.50 §)8
B t> ili- Mocha and Java Coffee. (£9
w roast or ground 1.50 M
I t lb» pood I'.f.kinjt Powder, East- fa
B| ern "Cream" J.TiC M
W Good quality at reasonable prices M
tl alwayc builds bnninvaa. 13
I SMITHS' CASH STORE, Inc I
|t SAX FRANCISCO. H
LAUNDRY TALK
among our customers is all in praise of
our work, and their testimony simply
adds further proof to what we have al-
ways asserted that we can and do do a
class of laundry work that is Infinitely
superior to any other, • because we pay
close attention to every detail.
Pi w edges.
3) STATES LAUNDRY,
1004 MAEK2T ST2XET.
Telephone Sonta 430.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAUIANA B1TTKRS. THE
Great Mexican Remedjr; erlvea health and
¦trecftb to KxuU crtas*. . Depot, 823 MarW«t.